SAN FRANCISCO;;- SATURDAY;; JANUARY- 9, 1904;
Continued oh Pasc 2.'€olumnsM.li2tand r 3.i-'.
,'iiol on American-Chinese I tail way.
fiYAbHlNGTON, j an . . S. — Consul
General McWade at Canton. China,
cables to the State Department that a
riotous strike of 4000 coolies for high
er wages occurred on the American
R.iilv.ay at Saina.m. No one was in
ju.ned.
FEARLESS CHILD KILLS
A BIG MOUNTAIN UO.V
Fourteen -Year-Old Girl Shoots at a
Ferocious Beast and Breaks
Its Back.
SAND POINT, Idaho, Jan. 8. — Tes
sie Edwards, a girl. of 14 years and
of small stature for her«age, killed a
mountain lion in the Cabinet Gorge
country yesterday. It measured elev
en feet.
.The child was hunting rabbits with
her father, from whom she had sep
arated. While walking along a path
the lion 'confronted her and she shot,
wounding.it. The lion made for her,
but the girl pluckily stood her ground
;>nd shot again, this time the ball
%fcakin? the lion's back. The tput
died almost at the girl's feet _--
Worships 'Put fin at Acapuleo.
. WASHINGTON. Jan. 8. — The Navy
Department "has been informed of the
arrival ' of the torpedo-boat destroyers
Paul Jones and Preble under convoy
"of the gunboat Bennington at Aca
pulco.*on 1 their way to' Panama. -
/; ST.:P,ETERSBURG, Jan. 8j~®£jjapari^ is essentially "per
sona'grata."* The; Russian Foreign Office saysjie; lias jdone'reverything in his power "to 'insure
peace. \ I asked him' to-day; \vhetlfer,;he,s^ .With readiness he replied
that he did. Japan, in. spite '/of \ all, statements* to v^
satisfied Russia \vas- against • war. ¦ TOe^w^ up,,
merely^ amounted to the fact that 'Japaii'vVished/a^ asked whether
tKe; Japanese Government could res^ •
. "^ "Easily, if only. \\\z^efinitibn -'desired could fbe^obiainecl.''';
M. Kurino readily a'dmittctl; the 'danger : ,of large£opposingjiiiilitar)' and- naval forces gathered
nearUogetherjfiievertheless he considered $ha't. -"some. /^arrangement^
.ftvojreoimtries^^^ " . . . ...
I left tlie Minister with; an' im'pressioh that^ he^Oike^many bfiliisMiploniatic colleagues; t is
certainly^ convinced that, if I the! \yofst .cbhie. [-the' powers/pwili-tintefveiie :'. to .pre.vent.the awfuF blood-;
shed "that would Jje'sure to ; occur in/case of ¦.¦'war, 1 -between .tsuch well equipped rivals to-day.: A Jip,
Special Cablegram to The Call and Jfew York : IIcraid/ v C6pjright,T 1904, by the Xew York Herald Publishing Co.
Embassadors
-, sian GoverrirTinent's Pa^Eastern Bolicy.
PORT/ TOWNSEND, Wash., Jan. 8.—
A report has Just reached here that the
passenger steamer -Clallam, operating
daily between sound, ports and British
Columbia, had broken down in the
straits off Trial Island and when sight
ed' had drifted to the vicinity of Dis
covery Island*. "
A- V severe southwest storm prevails
and unless assistance soon reaches the
disabled craft she is in imminent danger
of stranding on the rocky shore of that
island. The tug Richard Holyoke left
here to search for her this evening, and
other tugs will be dispatched as fast as
they^can be signaled.
-{ Discovery" Island i3 , exposed to the
full sweep of a southwest storm. When
last reported the vessel was making
poor headway with a makeshift saiL
; The^ Clallam had about forty passen
gers aboard when: she left this port.
There is no record of their names here.
She is] a -new vessel. She was built at
Taeofna " last year and ' placed in com
mission July 3. Sheis 167 feet long. 32
feet 'beam and 17 feet depth of hold. She
cost 5100.000.'
JEROME, Ariz., Jan. 8.— While In a
condition of despondency, said to have
been caused. by his disappointment. at
not having been advanced in position
by his employer, W. H;« Allen, '.for many
years the fiscal agent of Senator W.
A. Clark, owner of the United Verde
mine, committed suicide in a sensa-'
tional manner this morning:.'
It appears that Allen had resigned his
positionfwith the company recentlylbe
cause his salary had not been increased.
He complained of the -lack of apprecia
tion on the part of -his employers and
became despondent., Allen knewrthat^
his successor, accompanied by ; J. C*
McDonald,- vice . pre'sident 'of the com
pany, the auditor of the company .and
Charles Clark, son of Senator Clark,
were due here last. evening. . \
Yesterday Allen executed deeds, to all
his property to his wife" and then, ac
companied by.T. K. Campbell, his,son
in-law, and Dr. "VVood, the physician of
the-copper company, went to; his ranch,
four miles from *town, where j he \ re
mained during the night;
Tills morning T. : E. Campbell and'the
company auditor drove ¦ down ; to the
ranch. JUst as they approached Allen
stood on the -porch' while the j visitors
hitched their, team.: As. they;, started
for the . house .Allen, • without even
speaking, drew a revolver, threw back
his Ivad and sent | a bullet through ¦ his
brain. He dropped dead before the
eyes of the astonished -visitors . . - i ...
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SCENES 1 AT CHEMULPO, THE KOREAN PORT, WHERE WARSHI2EL0F THE POWERS ARE CONGREGATED'
AND WHENCE MARINES HAVE .PROCEEDED TO SEOUL". *THE EMPIRE'S CAPITAL, TO GUARD THE
LEGATIONS. IN VIEW OF A POSSIBLE RIOTOUS OUTBREAK. V/ A '• - /, . •
Former Fiscal Agent
oi Senator CM
a Suicide.
Pnget.SoM Vessel
Disabled in Furi
ous Storm.
FOND DU LAC, Wis., Jan. v 8.—
There are no residents in Fond dn Lac
by the name. of W. M. Stacey or R.
N. Douglas. The girls named In tha
dispatch from Chanute, Kans., were
never heard of here.
We, Irene Stacey and Plena Douglas, havo
been kldnaoed by three men we havs never
seen before. They say they are joins to taic*
us to the Indian Territory. We are on tin
train, and If we appeal to any one they tell
them we are crazy and that they are taking
us to an asylum. . Will you please notify th»
authorities and have tha men locked uo and
writ* to W. M. Stacey or R. N. Douclas at
Fond du\ Lac? REN'A DOUGLAS.
IRENE STACEY.
CHANUTE, Kans., Jan. 8. — Two
girls, Irene Staccy and Rena Douglas
of Fond du Lac, Wis., have been kid
naped by three men, who. have taken,
them to the Indian Territory, accord
ing to a letter found near the railroad
track near Chanute to-day. The let
ter, which is well written, evidently
had been thrown from a southbound
Santa Fe passenger train. It reads
as follows:
FOND DU LAC, WJ»., Dec 2S.— To Whoever
Finds This:
Purports to Have Been Written by
Two Girls Who Are Being Taken
Into Indian Territory.
LETTER TELLS A STORY
OP ALLEGED KIDNAPING
VISITORS
SEE HIM
END LIFE
STEAMSHIP
MAY CRASH
UPON ROCKS
Opening of Campaign for Delegates
Awaits Pleasure of National
Committee Chairman.
Mr. Roosevelt's friends are compelled
to regard Senator Hanna's failure to
issue the call as use of the machinery
of the party against him. Meantime
attacks are being made on the Presi
dent all along the line In the hope of
creating a strong sentiment against
him.
INDIANAPOLIS, Jan. 8.— The In
dianapolis postofnee has been flooded
with marked copies of the Cincinnati
Commercial Tribune condemning in the
strongest terms the administration of
President Roosevelt and declaring
against his nomination at the national
convention. Copies of papers contain
ing editorials booming Hanna for the
Presidency have been mailed. The pa
pcjrs are sent to almost every State in
-th«e Union. In addition to these papers
ut, least 10,000 letters containing small
julmphlets tending to show that Cthe
s**itiniL-nt in Indiana is for Hanna for
;hie Presidency have been mailed.
Prominent Republicans of the city and
Stsae are puzzled and have taken steps
to trace the mailer. Officers in the post
*4*2ce say they do ro£ know where the
papers and pamphlets came from.
Senator Hanna still controls the na
tional committee. When he arrived in
St. Louis in 1£36 he discovered that Hc
.Kinley lacked fifty-eight votes of
enough to nominate. The national com
mittee sat night and day deciding con
tested seats and when it got through
there was no question about McKin
ley'a nomination.
Delegates chosen in aQvance of the
•promulgation of the call might be se
lected in some manner not in accord
Avith the letter and spirit of the call;
therefore their selection might be
illegal. The party has for generations
discouraged the election of delgates in
advance of the publication of the call,
and it has been the custom to make the
call public at the earliest possible mo
ment. The greatest delay that has
taken place heretofore was in 18S8 and
then it was only the delay of one day;
but now it is pointed out that Senator
Hanna and Secretary Heath have had
twenty-seven days to ponder over the
wording of the call and still they are
not ready to issue it.
CONTROLS THE COMMITTEE.
The formal call is usually issued the
day the committee adjourns, because
un.til this call goes forth no steps can
l>e taken fcr the calling of State and
Congressional district conventions for
the election of delegates. The reason
for this 5s that the national committee'
is the central body and the call must
state the manner of choosing delegates
and the ratio of representation.
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET, N.
TV., WASHINGTON, Jan. 8.— President
lloosevelt's friends regard with growjng
suspicion the delay of Senator Hanna
aad Perry Heath as chairman and sec
retary of the Republican National Com
mittee in issuing the call for the na
lional convention, and are growing
lirmer in the belief previously expressed
that Senator Hanna intends to try to
defeat Mr. Roosevelt's nomination- In
consequence the tension between the
Roosevelt and Hanna camps is getting
tighter. The question is no longer asked
' !n Presidential circles, "Will Hanna
run Roosevelt's campaign?" It is now,
"Win Hanna declare himself a candi
date - since' h<? is determined that he
'sficfTTjF regarded as an" anti-Roosevelt
man?"
In party tactics the failure of Chair
ir.an Hanna and Secretary Heath to
issue the call for the convention is very
important. ' Twenty-seven days have
elapsed since the Republican National
Committee met in the Arlington Hotel
in this city and decided to* have the
convention called to meet on June 21 in
Chicago. v
DELAY IS UNPRECEDENTED.
Erecial Dispatch to The Call
The extent of any further fight to be
conducted against the confirmation of
General Wood depends, it was stated
by Democratic leaders to-day, entirely
upon the attitude of Senator Hanna.
If Hanna will make the Wood case a
personal matter and pursue the fight to
a finish. Senators Gorman and Cat
mack will stand by him to the end.
CALL BUREAU. HD6 G STREET.
N. W., WASHINGTON. Jan. 8. — Ene
mies of the administration and oppo
nents of General Leonard Wood's con
firmation to be major general are
making, much to-night of a scrap of
General James Wilson's testimony be
fore, the committee, which has just
been made public. General Wilson
argued with sreat earnestness against
General Wood's promotion and said
every officer in the army resented it.
Wilson went on to tell the committee
of an interview he had with President
Roosevelt at his home in Oyster Bay
after he had been elected Vice Pres
ident, but before he became President.
"He began," said General Wilson,
according, to the printed copy of tha
testimony, —"in. rusher extravagant
terms of praise of General Wood,
whereupon I said to him: 'Governor
Roosevelt, I think you are perhaps
mistaken about that If I am correct
ly informed. General Wood never wa3
under fire in his life until the Spanish
War began, either in the Geronimo
campaign or at any other time. In
the Spanish war he was never in but
one battle and that at Las Quasimas,
where, but for his rescue and support
by colored troops, he would have been
badly handled.'
" 'Oh, yea,* said Mr. Roosevelt, 'ha
was at San Juan,* to which I replied:
'I beg your pardon; he wa3 not. You
know that he was in the rear looking
for ammunition.' ' '/."*
" 'Yes.' said Mr. Roosevelt, 'but do
not tell anybody.*
"Now, why he did not want me to
tell anybody I do not know. I did not
pursue the subject any further, ant»
that is the last word that has. ever
passed between us with reference to
General Wood."
Special Dispatch to The Call
Officer Alleges That Hie President
Asked Him Sot to Tell Others of
the Incident.
May in Making It Is Un
precedented in Annals
oi Party.
Sensational Testimony Be
fore Senate Investigating
Committee.
Friends of President
Await Conven
tion Call.
General Wilson'sVer
.sion of San Juan
Battle.
SAYS WOOD
RETIRED TO
THE REAR
SUSPICIOUS
OF HANNA'S
TARDINESS
LONDON, Jan. 9. — Japan has practically* decMed to continue negotiations wth/^ Japanese demands is en
tirely unsatisfactory. According to advices from Tokio -"the G^^un^fe^O^s^TOtto'esire to issue an ultimatum or, break off negotiations until every effort
to obtain : concessions from Russia shall have been exhausted;" /but the -belief \ in the Japanese capital as. well as throughout Europe is that this policy will
only delay the crisis. -Russia will not retreat. Her answer to i Japan^ Hs) proof^ of In -resuming negotiations Japan is insuring to Russia more weeks of de
lay, and during the interim Russia will be enabled to complete her waW/p^ as those of the island' empire. A pe
culiar phase of the situation is that the diplomatic corps in St. Petersburg/ eveif including, theVFrench.Embassador, is unable to obtain from the Russian * Foreign
Office the slightest^ inkling <5f Russia's intentions. ' 7 t; . . :: . . ' :
JAPAN WILL CONTINUE NEGOTIATION WITH RUSSIA
DESPITE PRACTICAL REJECTION OF HER DEMANDS
Alcazar — "A Lady of Quality."
California — "Happy Hoolisraa."
Central — "Kont« Criito."
Piscner'*— "X, O. XJ."
Grand — "Tie Head Waiters."
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Tae Cfcutes— "Vaudeville.
Tlvoll Opera-House— "Ixion."
Columbia— "The Girl With ti»
Green Eyes."
BZatinees at All Theaten.
The San Francisco Call.
THE tHEATEaS.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XCV— NO. 40
THE WSATXLES.
rcrecast mad* at S&a Praa
cicco for tjirty 'bcaxs endiasr
raidaisbt, Jascarj S:
San Fraacitco ai&d vicinity—
ClcuOjr, naxetiled weather Sat
urday ; probably lisrht raia;
brisk nortli-jcect wnias.
A. G. KcADIE,
Bis trie t Torecaster.American Standing -at His < Mine a
• League Away Is Struck by a ~ ¦
• " ' : Rock "and ; killeiL v : v
EXPLOSION' OK DYNAMITE
KILLS TAVEXTY WORKSIEN
SACRAMENTO. V Jan. 8— M. Mat
sodi, a prominent Japanese of this
city, says that in case of war all Jap
anese who have been away from'ja
pan .less than two. years will be called
on to return and serve in the army
and navy of the Mikado against Rus
sia. Japanese who are farmers are
exempt, but where there is a partner
ship half of the partners must go!; In
the fruit growing districts of •.Sacra
mento and Fresno many -Japanese are
trying to obtain farming lands by
lease, or purchase. •
JAPANESE »IUST RETURN.
outbreak of war. or to the possibility
of a. peaceful solution, but that local
opinion inclines to the former idea. '.
respondent of the Times learns from
St. Petersburg that the Russian reply
practically amounts to an acceptance
by Russia, of the first agreement en
tered into betwen Baron de Rosen,
Russian Minister to Japan, and Baron
Komura; Japanese Foreign Minister.
The stipulations of this agreement
were the recognition by Russia of
Japan's preponderence in Korea and
the neutralization of the Korean coast,
with a refusal to place the Japanese on
the same footing as ; Europeans in
Manchuria. This agreement, the cor
respondent says, was rejected on the
advice of Viceroy Alexieff.
TEXT OF RUSSIA'S REPLY.
Kecoffnircs tlic Preponderance of
Japan in 'Korean Kmpire.
LONDON, Jan. S. — The Paris cor-
MANILA, Jan. 8.— The Japanese Government through its local agent has just called forbids for an enormous quan
tity of subsistence stores, all bids to be in by January 30. " - *
SEOUL. Jan. 8.— An Italian cruiser has arrived in the harbor of Chemulpo and a German warshio is ex
pected there. The legations afe still guarded by detachments of marines belonging to various nations It Is ex*
D«cted that in the event of a military revolt the Emperor will take refuge in one of the European legations "
Japan Calls for Bids for Enormous Quantity of Stores
LONDON, Jan. 9. — The Kobe correspondent of the Daily Express sends a scare rumor to
the effect that a collision. between the Russian and Japanese fleets has taken place near the island of;
Tsushima, in the Straits of Korea. This rumor is not mentioned in any other source, and, in view
of the fact that the Government is exercising a censorship over all news concerning naval matters
it may be safely disregarded.
Rumor of Battle Probably Without Foundation.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 8.— The Navy
Department to-day received the follow
ing cablegram from Commander Dil
lingham of the cruiser Detroit, dated
at Puerto Plata, Santo Domingo, Janu
ary 8:' ' ; . ;'. U; V • ' . -, :., ,,,/i
..." "Morales' gunboats delivered ultima
tum and threatened bombardment of
Puerto Plata after twenty-four ¦ hours'
notice. .With concurrence of Captain
•Robinson of the English cruiser Pallas,
made, such representations to ; both
sides that they have agreed, the one
not to bombard and the other ; not to
fire, on -gunboats^ -All fighting will -be
-con fined: to land. side of. tow^i in future.
United States interests secured. 'Have
small parties, landed at Sosuaj and tat
consulate in Puerto Plata." ", . • ; V ;
SAN DOMINGO, : Republic ; of Santo
Domingo, Jan.;8.— The - town of San* Pe
dro de Macoris has been recaptured by
the Go> r ernraent forces and "again 'de
clared an open portr 4 ¦"-; • ' • •
The insurgent' troops in -the.* suburbs
of this city to-day* sent a message .to
the authorities here proposing a com
promise on honorable terms. The mes
senger was arrested' and the' proposi
tion was hot' answered. : The news re.r
ceived from', the /interior '..is apparently
more favorable to the" Government.' ;
Commander Dillinghaiii Pre
vents the Bombardment of
the Dominican Seaport Town
PUERTO PLATA
IN PEACE ZONE
GEXOA, Jan. 8. — When it became known that the Niasin and Kasaga, warships built here
for the Argentine Republic and purchased by Japan, would, depart to-night^ there was great ex
citement throughout the town and crowds flocked to the harbor to bid farewell to the ships, of
whose strength and speed they are justly proud. An especial interest centers in the warships, topV
because half of their crews will be' Italians and ; because the engines-are entirely of Genoese con*
struction. ' '.'. '[ ''¦"¦ ,• ' r .. "'
Contrary to what has been asserted the Niasin and Kasaga have kept the Japanese colors
hoisted from the moment they were turned over to the Japanese authorities. The vessels are com
manded by two Englishmen, Captain Boyle and Captain Lee, and the other officers also" are
English, with the exception o"f five Japanese. The ere ws,' numbering. 300 men to each ship, are
libout equally divided between Italian and English nationality. One hundred and twenty English
artillerymen embarked on the vessels last night. '
• The commanders of the Niasin and Kasaga have received sealed orders, which will be opened
or. the sea. At the last moment the departure of the warships was delayed to await the receipt of
money from the Japanese legation in London, but it is expected the vessels will sail before
morning.
On board each warship the utmost gayety prevailed and the crews were extremely impatient
for sailing orders. "The Japanese officers were particularly jubilant, and swore by their ships and
by all their gods that no Russian should ever set foot in their country.
Japan's New Cruisers Have British Officers and Crews
*.: The convention decided t^ unionize
the unorganized weavers lh Califor
nia and the. cypress districts of the
South. A division of the United
States, into- two districts ( was. made to
:meet the wage quisstiohrCLTRe'EasteVn
district , embraces c the. ..territory ,e;ist
of 'the'^ kocky"Mouh tains'; •' ¦Tn'e" i - Pa
cific-Goast States;, and British; Colum
bia form the Western district.
TACOMAi Jan. 8. — -The' convention
o£ the ''Intefnatlonal : -Shln&le? Weavers' <
Union adjourned^ to-ddy"afte¥ electing
C. R. Pickens of Everett , president.
The convention readopted the present
wage sche'dxiie. This i^ractically serves
notice* on the mills: that :the. union
weavers , will. J,n6t.-. .stand 1,h.e; ,1Q 'per
cent cut n. ro P°sed in some places.
International "Ufllon in Session at Ta
' coma Will Xot Tolerate a
Proposed Cut.
WEAVERS OP '. SI1IXGL.ES ;•¦-'
f GIVE "NOTICE TO MILLS
WASHINGTON*. Jam 8. — Though negotiated twenty years ago by Admiral Shufeldt, the
State Department officials say the treaty referred to by the Korean Minister in Paris has never
been invoked by the Government of that country. Its provisions contemplated that when any
of the powers treated Korea unjustly the good offices of the United States might be offered
with a view to an amicable adjustment of the controversy. * -Officials say. that if any request comes
from Korea for a. practical application of the terms of^the treaty it very properly will be given
consideration by this Government. Its provisions, however, are regarded as impractical of en
forcement and the necessity for its existence has been superseded by the establishment of The
Hague triixinaL \ '- \ " ¦ ' ¦ . \ ¦ .. - : . . •:£,
PARIS, Jan. 8. — Miri YuengTchan, the Korean Minister, said to-day that he would not
l>e surprised should Korea appeal to the United. States for good offices in her -behalf in case of
the invasion of Korean territory by one or the other, powers. Under the treaty between the
United States and Korea this is permissible. Moreover, continued the Minister, the people of
Korea regarded the United States in a most friendly way, because of its faithful policy and owing
lo the fact that the first country to sign a treaty with the "Hermit Kingdom" was the United
States. . . ' - .
"Russia does not want war," added the Minister, "and the Japanese Government does not
want war, but the Japanese people, I fear, will force a conflict. The attitude of Korea has not been
disclosed, but my idea is that it will do all in its power. to save its territory from invasion and
to preserve strict neutrality. During the war between China and Japan Korea was interested and
consequently raised no objection to the passage of JapaiffcSe troops through the kingdom. But
a different situation faces the Government to-day. Korea- is not interested in the dispute between
Japan and Russia antf her people have no desire to ally themselves with Japan, which would fol
low should permission be given tor Japanese troops to operate in or from Korea.
"I have made no protest to the powers against the , landing of an American guard for the
legation at Seoul. Probably if war occur all the nations wilfland men for the same purpose."
It is affirmed at # tne Japanese legation that the reports that Japan has sent troops to Korea
are wholly unfounded, and that the Japanese Government continues to do its utmost for the main
tenance of peace. . ; . >t • : V*f
Korea May Ask for Intervention by the United States
Special Cablegram to Tlic Call and New York Herald. Copyright, 100-1, by the Xew York Herald Pu'blishins Co.
Oficials Are Once More Hopeful of Peace.
LONDON, Jan. 9.— Bennett Burleigh cables from Tokio as follows to the Daily Tcle
"At its .'meeting the Cabinet to-day had under consideration the Russian reply. It is re
; ported- the matter will *be further discussed. I wish to emphasize, however, that it would be im
prudent to assume that this delay makes for peace. The Japanese press asserts that the Musco
vite answer fails altogether to meet the country's views respecting Manchuria, which is the core
¦of the situation. Japan" also doubts Russia's good faith. The papers urge the Government to
'^'-proceed to a settlement now beyond the limits of diplomacy. You may discredit the reports that
•'-Japan intends to present an ultimatum.
, V. *'A review was held this morning on the Aoyama parade in Tokio. .The troops composing
, the garrison included the. Imperial Guards of the First Division, with three cavalry regiments and
;_; ; twenty-live batteries of field artillery, the total being 10,000 men and ninety-six guns.
V</ . "The Emperor was present with his full staff and many notable persons, including member3
i of the legation staffs..; : After an inspection of the line massed bands led the march past, which
;' "was. in column- f)f.firll companies. The alignment was perfect, the cavalry riding squadron front
• and-lne, .batteries atja- trot. The infantry greatly impressed me with its solid, vigorous and trench
';: ant '¦.appearance. '-Ial^.Q noted the fact that the Fourth Battalion of Guards was carrying colors, pr.e
\;se"nted I£or the, beTtVshooting. •
excellent, 'but the cavalry horses are poor, beimj merely, ponies. The
ptftiipoti^ • . '-
.vV-v \:>^J.'vA telegrajrv frpm Chemulpo reports the arrival there of the Italian cruiser Elba. It states
|aw^t;'r^re\^ussiai^^^-ETench vessels are expected- and that the Russians and Americans intend
T^m^p^^^^'p^^^^m^rines to Se"oul. ..
¦% >."*:' ; {fAoc6rdiftgto' telegrams from Tientsin 600 Cossacks, who recently arrived in Manchuria
: from .thie^est, ' have:\6een distributed between Moukden and Iiao. Russia now has 100,000
is intended to quarter a large force at Iiao Yang, where barracks are be
.;/ ing.^qiit/ix'^.r'theib/ri.dge. •
¦¦, ' ;;i^J^wThe Chinese (jtpyemmeht' declares it will certainly help Japan." :
* ..¦V'._ .-.PABIS.J Jan.- S.-^In the } ODinion of the French Government there is a chance of averting a conflict between
;. Russia ajid Japan; as'a^res.ult of a concession made by Russia in her latest note. The dispatches which have come
"vtoj;" Paris' from.ajl' auar J ters to-day have been most pessimistic and the hopefulness of the Government i3 in strong
5,'contrast..^;ith, them.' ; } - . : - .
'.'¦': .-J"*-.It appeart/. that i Russia's concession relates to.the recognition of the preponderance of the interests of Japan
; :. ifi; KoteiL >'^hi^.'^bad .been tha crux of the question between the two powers up to the present moment. Just how
far'the concession goes*' it is impossible to learn, "but the effect in Tokio. according to information obtained, has
¦ been more satisfactory than the press dispatches show, and it is believed the negotiations will continue.
-;..'-¦ The French Governrhent denies the sensational reports to the effect that It had ordered a'diviaion of war
ships and troops to China. Only one French ship is under instructions to proceed to the Far East.
Recognizing the situation as dangerous, there is talk in official and diplomatic circles of the advisability of
separate or Joint mediation by the powers that desire peace .in the Far East. It is said this could properly be
done in accordance with The Hague convention without giving offense to either Russia or Japan.
The semi-official Temps expresses the view prevailing by calling attention to the fact that Great Britain,
France,^ the United States and Germany are all interested. in the maintenance of peace, urging that to prevent
efforts at friendly intervention by saying that one power or the other would become offended is contrary to the
interests of the governments and of humanity. . • . . .
Evans Squadron Will Observe Good Sea Manners
• WASHINGTON" Jan. 8. — The Far Eastern situation was discussed at the Cabinet meeting to-day, special con
sideration being given the 'movements of the Asiatic squadron, which, it is desired, shall be so shaped as to empha
size the absolute neutrality of this country in the event of hostilities between Russia and Japan. After the meet
ing it was- announced that orders would' be cabled to Rear Admiral Evans upon his arrival at Guam to-morrow
to proceed..thence. to Subig Bay, it. being desired that the American navy shall observe "good sea manners" by not
going, tq Japanese or Russian waters just now.' 1 • - >-. .
, The order to \AdmiraI Evans was prepared, by Secretary Moody and was approved by the Cabinet.
A" cablegram* from Governor Taft at • Tokio, mow on his way home to become Secretary of "War, gives a brief
account of his reception' by the Japanese Emperor and officials, indicating that he- was received with, the greatest,
.cordiality. ,,.,;,. .„ ;,. . t , , . . .^^*..,
• (; Referring ., to pubiicatlons in one of the London papers to the effect that Governor Taft promised that the atti
tude of the United States should be friendly to Japan in the event of hostilities with Russia and that Japanese ves
sels sho'uld be accorded special privileges in Philippine ports, it is said at the State and War departments that,
while it is possible that such a" conclusion may haye been drawn by Japanese officials from the afEablfe manner of
the Goveirnor; It is quite certain that he did not in any way commit the United States Government to any policy*
'NoV being 'ah "officer of the State Department, he had no authority, to commit this Government. - •
Japa.n Procures Option on Mew Turkish Cruiser.
PHILADELPHIA, Jan. 8.— The Record to-morrow will say: The Japanese Government has procured, aa
- option oh the .new. Turkish cruiser Medjidie, now being hurried to completion at Cramps*, shipyard. , Both the
', Russian and Japanese .Governments .have been negotiating with the Sultan for the cruiser foV a month past.
% thrbugh^the. Ottoman Bank, an" English corporation, in Turkey. The latter transacts nearly all of the financial busi
u ness .in Tufkey, t and has practical control of all the Government's cash. ;.--'^ rV- ¦
; , ' . , jKepreser^tatives of. Russia and Japan have been working through the bank, bidding higher and higher as
'¦ ( tfe 1 war ;'fe\*ei:.',incr eased, until, 'it'" is claimed, the Japanese dffered a half million dollars more than the crutsei
i, 'cb'st, %p,&r which- Ihe" Russian representative withdrew. ' ¦ . ; . _ - ¦¦•'i'i.jU :i '¦; v'^ .- '.. '¦^¦,tr^, \ 1 ' ¦*.*¦?
j \ .."Th'e^ i,Medjidie 'cost 'about $2,'op6,OOO, : and the Cramps are under contract to deliver her In Constantinople, when
¦ ttie'ib,alancei;due will "be paid.' "Should the sale be niade, the cruiser will be turned over at once to Japanese
<. officers who' are kt Seattle awaiting orders from home to proceed to Philadelphia.
v r '•', The 'iiedlldle, on 'her "trial test, developed a speed of 22.24 knots. • The guns for her have been made In England,
"and, if. the sale is' made, will be shinped to Japan via the Suez canal and mounted in-the navy yards i fn Yokohama.
when In commission" she will be manned by 400 men and will have a battery of fourteen. !sun3^ \' : >^:"^'.' *'¦:¦'- ; %)
.Texas Democrat Wants America to Propose Mediation
WASHINGTON, Jan. 8.— Representative Slayden (Democrat) of Texas introduced a resolution in the Housft to
day Requesting the President to tender the good offices or mediation of the United States to Russia and Japan. Tha
resolution follows: . •• - . 'ji -v :•
; -• Whereas, • By the provisions of -The Hague peace convention of 1809, tender of gcod offices or mediation by a nation, stranvtr
to » dispute,' cannot be regarded as an unfriendly act; and .*,' .' ' : '.
.Whereas, . Cy said convention it la made the duty of signatory powers, If 4 serious dispute threatens to break out betwe«s
two or more of them, to remind these latter that the oermanent court of arbitration Is owr. to th«m, and such reminder is only
to be regarded as a friendly action; and.. . — ¦Cj-i-Vv** i'^-V^; ••. • '' * ¦
•. Yi Whereas, Warlike dlfflculties are now threatened between Russia and Japan, which countries, : : as well as -the United States. «.r»
signatories to The Ilayue. peace convention. !' . . r '« • - 'fj'tr' *'i*S
• Itesolved, by the Senate and House of the United States of America, in convention assembled, -That the "President be requested to
tender the sood offices or mediation of the United States to Russia and Japan with relation to their prcsfin dispute and to remind tatta,
in accordance with The Hague peace convention, that the permanent court of arbitration Is open to them. . . • -•
British Home Fleet Departs for the Spanish Coast
v LONDON, Jan. 8.— The British home, fleet left Portland to-day for the Spanish coast after coaling to the full ca
pacity. The fleet will thus be in readiness to replace the channel squadron in the event of the latter being required to
fill up vacancies in the Mediterranean squadron should vessels be ordered thence to the Far East. '.',*--¦ }?££"£
A.SDec.ial^dlspatchfrpm Tokio under to-day's date, after. recording the arrival of the Russian reply, adds:.: '. .
"Diplomacy, has not said its i last word, and there &re still hopes' that hostilities will be averted. From the. Rus
sian legation it is' announced that the negotiations continue."' i j. . _,;'¦
¦' s The Russian Embassador, Count Benckendorff, ajid the Japanese Minister, Baron Hayashi, visited the Foreign
Office this afternoon and' had half-hour conferences with Lord Lansdowne, .to whom the text of the Russian reply, to
Japan was communicated.* The British Government is' continuing its efforts in the interest of peace. - ¦ r i
' HONGKONG, Jan. 8.— A detachment of 250 men of the Sherwood Foresters" ("Nottingham and Derbyshire regi
ments), forming part of the garrison of Hongkong, has suddenly been warned to be in readiness for active service.
The of the troops has not been divulged. ' The authorities refuse all information on the subject, but it is
presumed the, troops are going to Peking or Seoul. The detachment is ready and their transport arrangements' tiaye>
been completed. .. ' ' • ¦" ' ¦ * - "¦ ;*. ....¦ ¦ ..... .,' ;. . -~ •,
In addition" to these orders which
are being -handled by the'^alifornia
Commission Company it is said that
pother commission houses in this city
have been entrusted. with large orders
of a similar character, -the supplies to
be shipped to the.prient with all pos
sible dispatch; ' .':--
The priee of beef,, advanced 25-and
50 cents' per 100 pounds, in Chicago on
Wednesday, but on Thursday dropped
back to the old selling prices. Prices
again % advanced . 50 cents " per 100
pounds -yesterday, owing to heavy de
mands from New York and Germany.
The first shipment on this •brder\TVlll
go on, the 'Coptic, -Janilary;^ 15,
and will be followed', by shipments^ oh
the Gaelic 1 and -th"e DoricVi. . '% '\W-
War rumors^hkye paused 1 the,. InsUr-.
ance corhpanias; to •/pracfcleallyv.^mike
rates -piR>hibitive'' y except on American'
and British ships arid shipments" from
now on," to the. Countries of the Orient
engaged in wurj^ke' controversy will go
on vessels flying the American or Brit-;
ish flags.'. : ..•;¦ •;- .'.",- ¦:'.:' . ' U- /-' i' _ ,-~ ¦
The' large-orders. forifoo'^ sug^ies;
intended f^r •smpTOcnV^--c^*,^O*teh.tr!
whl*ih.
.w^^u^ineat^Velter^^b^t^paTiJr.;
foriiii; tf^rirnisisiqii. .Coj^any^pJa^'S;
or'derc? lhjtlift'. markef and; in^.]kt*d^le^
Western;! 'paints ¦^pr'-l bod^iupnlies^i^^
proximatel^.f a^ountirik : ' : $& ~' s *$&&$&&'
For whom Vthege'stipplies tended
the purcH^sin'g, flirm 5'declin^l , to; st*tei
From . au{h'entlc.YeourcQs/.h'6\y'^v4rl",it
was learned £thatf ' theL^^pHsiji^ tire
intend^d-for the^^si^V"GjaTerhiti^nt.
The ord^rs^'arV for^ be6f -jto the amount
of about ;•$ 8^0.0 0;\!salni6.n WoA Cither,
flsh,- abciut ; $.3J) A dop,; pickle^l, , meatsj
about : $70,000,'^ and -^cannea," 'goods,'.
about>$45;000.' > V% v v"/4 v" \y- ti<r
One PlMjMil
DEMAND FOR FOOD
STUFFS SENDS
UP PRICES.
ln of official assurances, voiced by Kcuter, as to the satisfactory nature of the Russian
reply, it is merely a repetition of the statement sent out by a doubtless well-meaning representa
live of an American agency weeks ago to the effect that Russia's fust, answer would be perfectly
satisfactory to Japan — a rash assertion which has been contradicted by every event since. 'It was
replied to by Japan voting an unlimited credit for war. So now Reuters assertion that Russia's
rej>h i; acceptable meets with a direct negative from Tokio. ... , "
The general opinion heard here is that the affair has already gone outside of- diplomacy
into the. region of the .War Office, which yesterday gave hasty and extensive orders to the Alex
andrpviky works here for shot and shell to.be delivered with the utmost speed. Ninety thousand
Russian troops arc being hurried along the Siberian Railway, while yesterday, although the bourse
was closed, there wi:s a very sensible fall in prices as given by the brokers for Government "cer
tificates. , .
Meanwhile the diplomatic corps is all in a quandary to know what, to say in reply to the de
mands of their various Governments for reports upon the situation. M. Bompard, the French
representative, who is supposed to know more than the others, was appealed to yesterday simul
taneously by two other Embassadors in distress, e^'.'ger for news of some ¦ kind- or other. - M.
Bompard rcpiied: ,
"1 know nothing l)evond what- 1 have read- in; the papers." To which each of the others -re
plied: "It is the same with me..",
The trujJi J5.that members of the diplomatic corps at this critical time remain, not from
any fault of their own. entirely without. news, for the Foreign Office has no news to give, its re
ply being: :¦ '. ' -' - --" • '.
"The matter for the time being is out of our hands and in those of Admiral Alexieff, who
has full powers and who communicates directly with; the Emperor." ¦ .
Business men 'reluctantly admit the die. is cast and only by some quite unexpected turn can"
war be averted.
iomat thus explained to me why large international forces are being rushed to the scene of pos
sible actioiL |.vi,;l.
Continue*! From Page 1, Columns 3, 4 and 5.
Japan -s Delaying of Crisis Does Not Mean Peace
JAPAN, THOUGH DOUBTING CZAR'S GOOD FAITH, MAKES FINAL EFFORT TOWARD PEACE
THE SAX FRANCISCO, GALL,. : SATURDAV, JANIMRY, ,9^ 1904.
. Itching, . Blind, Bleeding or Protruding PHes.
Tour druggist will refund money - if Fuo
Ointment Tails to cure you In 9 to 14 dav>. 50o*
A Guaranteed Cure for Files.
LONDOX, Jan. 9. — The ..Times* Cal
cutta .correspondent says : that tele
graphic instructions have peached Ba
goon from Japan suspending the fur
ther .shipment -of ? rice. .^.The corre
spondent says it is not known whether
this is due to the belief. in an early
Japan Suspends Rice Shipments.
"The detonations of/the explosiori.it
is' believed, Were (heard several ¦ leagues
and an American mine owner working
his mine's, league away. was struck* by
a rock and killed. " " " ¦"";,'
- CITY OF MEXigO, Jan.8.— AtLes
Laureles'? mines, 'west of ¦ Gaudalajara,
a' : large ; number of boxes, of flyriaml te;,
which were stored "in a , powder-house,
exploded,: killing twenty^'men and'in
juring forty; others. ' .." /' Y r ~. ' \ V; :_¦; " r.
2
ADVESTISEMENTS.
. . ta j - -».-« .,'•¦•'-.- .- x
SarsaparOIa Is unquestiona-
bly the greatest blood and
'iver medicine known. It*
positively and permanently
viires every, humor, from
) :ples to Scrofula. tt> b
fcfccBost .
Blood Medicine.
' : : V r ... :".;;• ; > \ " ADVERTISEMENTS. " " ¦ " . .' ;^.'>- }y^-
• \i 10 Cents a Copy. a Year :. ' Vr M
i At 'Any Price the Best "%
¦ ¦•' L*U H*ll* SvifteriU .na» tor. 19<H — mtlr* year—mnd r#f tht Navrnbtr and % A %M T " AiAA B
g P XV.IL,JL* Decembers numbers of tUt ytar FREE. S. S. McOsn Company, 1 tX ndOlllllS S I I Hi I I
¦ * ,+^-*r*r-* «32 : Ltxington BntUu*, Nt» York; City * .• **V*****» -" 4f*»lW M
I . ¦ -I-' 8. S. McCLURE COMPANY. 633 Lexington Bnlldlnc. New Tork City. 'j|MILWAUKEE. . WJs.5 Jan. 8. — The vlll of
Captain Frederick Pabst. filed to-day, leave*
an estate estimated at $10,000,000 in trust. No
public bequests axe made. The widow, 'and
four . children and . an ¦ adopted daughter, each
receives one-sixth of the estate.
Though not taking all the money he
could find, 'a burglar who broke into ; a
woman's house in Paris left a note say
ing he could ; : no V find .it In his heart to
take her jewels lest ' they were lielr
ldoms-^.'-:' '
CAPE TOWX. -Jan. P.— It »u officially'an
nounced - to-d«y that peace has been declared
lnDamaraland. Orman Southwest Africa, and
tttfihe hostile Hottentots have surrendered.
LONDON, Jan. 8,-^-The bye elec
tion in the Ashburtbn or middle divi
sion of Devonshire yesterday to flit the
vacancy in the House of Commons
caused by the death of Hon. C. S.
Seale-Hayno (Liberal) resulted in <the
return of the' Liberal candidate, H. T.
Eve, by a. majority of 1476 over the
Unionist candidate, General Sir Rich
ard Harrison, thus doubling the Lib
eral majority. 'The victory Was partly
due to' Eve's local popularity. Other
wise it was attributable :to opposition
to Joseph Chamberlain's tariff pro
nosals.. '
H. T. Eve Defeats General Sir Rich
ard Harrison; the Unionist Can
didate, in Devonshire.
LIBERALS WIN VICTORY
IN THE ByE ELECTION
* The^ following dispatch was .re
ceived last night by The Call:
"TOLEDO, Ohio, Jan. 8. — E. '• Mf
Beale formerly resided here. He left
for Pacific Coast some weeks ago.
Mrs. Hume is also known here. She
went to California about the same
time Beale did. No news has reached
the"**woman's relatives of her illness
and ' thj? ' only information they have
had is contained 5 In^telegrams from
Beale saying Mrs. Hume Is dead.
"Telegrams were sent to Beale re
questing him to bring the body to this
city. Later he wired that arrange
ments had "been made to cremate the
remains. Beale also telegraphed for
$400. The relatives of Mrs. Hume
say she had her life Insured before
she left for the Pacific Coast, but do
not know to whom the policy was
payable. The sudden death of Mrs.
Hume and the request for money led
her relatives to suspect foul play arid
the. police authorities In San Fran
cisco were' notified."
The dispatch further says that
Beale forwarded Mrs. Hume's trunk
with ?400 collect charges and that it
had arrived in Toledo. This, • how
ever, cannot be, as the .woman only
died last Tuesday and her- trunk was
forwarded by Beale yesterday.
Parties Are Known In Toledo.
ColonelCoxe will In all probability
enter the literary field, as he has': al
ways had a tendency for that line of
work.
Colonel Frank M. Coxe, assistant
paymaster general and chief paymas
ter of the Department of California, is
among those named for . promotion
and retirement by President Roose
velt. ' '
Colonel Coxe Is /well known on the
Pacific Coast, having been stationed
here for the last ten years. For forty
years he has been an- officer In the
army of the United States. . When 1 'a
boy he was always Interested In the
affairs of the State militia, and in
1863 he was appointed to the regular
army as second lieutenant from the
State of Pennsylvania, and. he served
through the Civil War. He has occu
pied nearly every position in -the
army. . In every capacity, he has serv
ed with distinction.
For the .last five years Colonel Coxe
has been chief paymaster of the De
partment of California, arid during
that period has disbursed to,thft army
nearly* $100,000,000.
No officer, is held in higher esteem
than Colonel Coxe. not only by his
associates In army life, but also by his
many civilian friends. His retirement
Is coupled with honor and. regret.
gretted by His Friends.
Retirement of Colonel Coxe Is Re-
WELL KNOWN ON THE COASTi
J. J. Barry, deputy State mining in
spector, flatly contradicted the belief
expressed by Bryne, While making an
Investigation, Barr^ testiQed, he dis
covered two Rarus miners with three
sticks of dynamite attached to six
inches of fuse, cut and ready to be
thrown. Barry said the foreman of the
miners refused to explain the peculiar
situation In which he found the men.
Albert Frank, Heinze's superintend
ent, gave sensational testimony to-day
acknowledging having ordered dyna
mite into the Rarus stopes for the sole
purpose of keeping out the Amalga
mated, men. . Frank. claimed he did. not
know that the United States Court had
issued an order permitting an inspec
tion to be made by the Amalgamated
people. - -•¦;" . /
. The session to-day was decidedly
heated, Attorney Evans for the Amal
gamated • openly accusing County At
torney Breen with working In the In
terests of Heinze. 1 .
At a late hour to-night the jury was
still out. i
BUTTE, Mont., Jan. 8.— The inquest
over the bodies of Samuel Olson and
Fred DIvel, who were killed in an al
leged underground dynamite clash be
tween the Amalgamated miners and
those employed by F. Augustus Heinze.
was concluded this evening:.
The, feature of to-day's session was
the testimony of John Byrne, State
Mine Inspector, who on the .witness
stand stated that he believed that Olson
and Dlvel were killed by a blast which
they had set themselves, and that the
miners of the Rarus property, . owned
by Heinze, were not Instrumental In
causing the death of the two Amal
gamated miners.
Believes Explosion That Killed
Amalgamated Men Was Not
Caused by Employes of Heinze
MINE INSPECTOR
ON THE STAND
PAYMASTER OF DEPART
MENT OF CALIFORNIA,,
WHO WON PROMOTION.
Secretary White states that he \ will
apply for guardianship papers for the
two children and that the woman will
be prosecuted to the full extent of the
law.
When the subject of her ca J v -was
brought up Mrs. Ferslow with great
pride referred to the fact that three of
her iellne pets. Royal Blue, *Cing Rex
apd an Australian cat, had carried off
the honors at the last dog and cat
show. She denied the allegation that
she possessed any sore-eyed cats or
mangy dogs, and also denies that the
children lived in one room with the ani
mals at her former home. She proudly
states that she kept a baby farm at
one time arid has raised more than 500
children. ./3SESSSH
During her narrative Mrs Ferslow
called In the little girl Blossom and
asked her if she had ever been burned.
The child replied In the affirmative and
In response to a question of Mrs. Fers
low said that r'-- ha i her finders
burned for playing with the lamp. In
reply to a question Mrs. Ferslow said
that the baby, Harold, fully understood
why he had been punished, for after
being burned he had said: "Mamma
burnt me for being a «..!rty boy." In
conclusion Airs. Ferslow 3aiJ: "I <j o
not believe that the pun.shment was
either cruel or inhumane; although I
did not intend to injure tho child.
Other punishment that I had given him
failed to do any good, so I Csterrclned
to use drastic measures."
j years of age and shows no signs of
j mental derangement, was not averse to
i telling her story to the authorities. She
j expressed herself with great volubility
j and related the story of the punish
! ment meted out to the child in a busi
ness-like manner without a trace of
nervousness or feeling.
Her statement is to the effect that
the baby, which she says is the lllegiti
j mate child of her daughter, was un
cleanly In his habits, and that contin
ued whippings and other forms of pun
ishment failed to have any effect upon
him. "I once heard of a woman in Chi
cago," said Mrs. Ferslow, "who put
mustard on her child to break It of bad
habits, but I thought that punishment
too severe and decided to try the hot
stove. I warned the baby of the pun
ishment I intended for him, and on last
Sunday determined to try it. Mr. Ta
kain and myself first placed our hands
on the stove and found that the heat
was only slightly uncomfortable. I then
j placed the child on the stove Just for a
moment, without any intention of burn-
Ing him severely. It is my impression
that owing to the fact that the lid was
not on the stove at the time we placed
our hands on it and was afterward put
on '\e embers were fanr.eC to a
blaze and heated the stove more than I
thought."
XO AFFECTION* FOR CHILD.
Mrs. Ferslow declares that when she
saw the "boy was burned she applied
cooking soda and water to allay the
pain. She admits, that she does not
bear the greatest feeling of affection
for the baby owing to Its illegitimacy,
and speaks of her daughter with no
kindness. The little girl. Blossom, Bhe
states is not her child, but refuses to
give the names of its parents, although
it is- understood that the little one's
name is Violet Taylor and that her
mother resides in this city.
Vldermen lo Serve as Peace Guardians
BLOOM INGTON, 111., Jan. 8. — Due
to the inability to secure sufficient
numbers of citizens to serve/as special
officers during the street railway
strike, Mayor Morrison to-day served
notice upon every member of the
Board of Aldermen that they would be
required to serve as police officers Sat
urday and Sunday and possibly Mon
day if there is any more disorder.
Lieutenant colonels — Charles J. Al
len, Corps of Engineers, vice Taylor,
to be retired: Theodore E. True, dep
uty Quartermaster general, vice But
ler, to be retired.
Staff Qorps — Colonel Francis S.
Dodge, assistant paymaster general
(promoted from lieutenant colonel and
deputy paymaster general, vice Coxe.
appointed brigadier general), to be
paymaster general with the rank of
brigadier general for the "period of four
years, vice Bates; Colonel Alexander
Mackenzie, Corps of Engineers, to |be
chief of engfneers with the rank of
brigadier general, vice Gillespie.
Chief of artillery— Colonel John P.
Storey, Artillery Corps, to be chief of
artillery with the rank of brigadier
general, vice Randolph.
Asher C. Taylor, Artillery Corps, vice
Haskell, to be retired, and John C.
Butler, Ordnance Department, vice
Hathaway, to be retired; Frank M.
Core, assistant paymaster general, vice
Allen, to be retired; Jacob Kline,
Twenty-first Infantry, vice True, to be
retired; William F. Dougherty, Eighth
Infantry, vice Coxe, to be retired; Wil
liam S. McCaskey, Twentieth Infantry,
vice Kline, to be retired, and Albert
L. Mills, superintendent military acad
emy, vice Dougherty, to be retired.
master general, vice Sanger, to be re
tired; Wallace F. Randolph, chief of
artillery, vice Bates, to be retired, and
George L. Gillesple. chief of engineers,
vice Randolph, to be retired.
To be brigadier generals — Colonels
Alfred Mordecai, Ordnance Department,
vice Kobbe; Harry L. Haskell, Third
Infantry, vice Sanger.
Forest H. Hathaway, assistant quar
termaster general, vice Mordecai, to be
retired. i^/-
service.
To be major generals— Brigadier
Generals William A. Kobbe. vice Chaf
fee, to be appointed lieutenant gen
eral; Joseph P. Sanger, vice Kobbe,
to be retired; Alfred E. Bates, pay-
WASHINGTON. Jan. 8.— The Presi
dent to-day sent to the Senate the fol
lowing nominations of officers promot
ed in the army:
General officer to be lieutenant gen
eral—Major General Adna R. Chaffee,
vice Young, to be retired from active
BUTTE. Mont., Jan. 8. — As the result of
long-standing differences between the Machin
ists' and Carpenters' unions a strike was de
clared to-day on the Federal building now
nearing completion In this city. .»:.-
Acquitted Driver Sues Employer.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 8.— H. W. Ad
ams, a driver, has sued his employer.
D. W. Herlihy, for J 10.000 damages
because the latter brought suit
against him for alleged embezzlement
of $5 23. Both persons are residents
of Pasadena. Adams was acquitted
of the embezzlement charge in a Jus
tice's court of that city a few days
ago.
CLEVELAND, Jan. 8.— At a Jackson
day banquet here to-night John H.
Clarke, Democratic candidate for
United States Senator in the last Ohio
campaign, strongly urged the nomina
tion of Richard Olney of Massachu
setts as the man whom all Democrats
can support and one who will win
victory surer than any other nominee.
PHILADELPHIA. Jan. S.— The prin
cipal leaders of the two wings of the
Democratic party in Philadelphia were
brought together to-nicht bv the Old
Hickory Club, which gave a dinner in
celebration of Jackson day. Demo*
crats of prominence throughout the
State and several members of Con
gress were present. In a letter of re
gret ex-President Cleveland wrote:
Of course. I need, not tell you how fully I
am in sympathy with the object* and pur
poses of the club and how fully I believe ta
the cause of the true Democracy.
CINCINNATI. Jan. S.— The featur*
of the Jackson day banqueU given by
the Dockworth Club here to-night
was the address of Judson Harmon,
Attorney General under the second
Cleveland administration. Mr. Har
mon was given a reception in the club
rooms previous to the banquet, and
was received with demonstrations
throughout the evening.* In his ad
dress he said'
1 believe the people ars row turning ena*
more to the Democrats for relief from the ex
travagance, the unfairness and the undepend
ableness of th« present administration, and th«
brag and pretense still employed to mislead
them should be punctured once for a!) by the
plain facts. It is false that entrusting th*
Democratic party with power i?. or ever wa*.
a menace to the prosperity of the country. It
i» false, too, that there la dange? of hurtful
disturbance in the process of reform In th«
tariff and other things to which the Demo
cratic party is pledged.
SEATTLE, Jan. C— The police of
Seattle believe that Mrs. Harry E. Oldt
did not jump overboard from . the
steamer Queen December 5. carrying
her little daughter with her to death.
They have for a month been working
oh the' theory that she quietly slipped
ashore when the Queen reached Vic
toria and made her way eastward over
the Canadian Pacific. Two weeks ago
her husband prepared papers in a suit
against Dr. J. Eugene Jordan of this
city for the alleged alienation of his
wife's affections. These papers were
filed in the Superior Court to-day with
a demand for $50,000 damages.
Meanwhile Dr. Jordan enlisted the
aid of local detectives. It is said, to
have been ascertained that Mrs. Oldt
left the Queen at 5 o'clock on the after
noon of December 5 at Victoria and at
,5:30 o'clock boarded another steamer
for Vancouver, taking her little girl
along.
Her valise, filled with clothing, and
the dress she had been seen to wear
on the Queen were, found in her state
room, leading to the belief that she
had jumped overboard in her night
wear, but an inspector on the dock at
Victoria is said to have furnished evi
dence that a woman carrying a big
bundle and leading a little girl left the
Queen after all the other passengers
were ashore.
Local detectives claim the woman
traveled to Vancouver, thence* to St.
Paul, under the name of Mrs. Treagan.
From St. Paul they think they have
traced her to Springfield. Mo., the home
of her parents. The motive for her
conduct if this theory is correct Is
shrouded in mystery. Oldt declares he
believes she is dead. Dr. Jordan refuses
to discuss the matter. It was necessary
for her to appear to have committed
suicide in order to carry out a carefully
planned conspiracy.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Rev. Mr. Takain. in making his com
plaint, stated that Mrs. Ferslow was
in the habit of beating the child, and
on last Sunday morning, while in his
room, was startled by screams coming
from the kitchen. He rushed to the
scene ar.d found Mrs. Ferslow holding
rhr boy on the stove. He immediately
CTabbed the child from the woman and
told her he would not allow such prac
tices. H<? told several of his country
men about the matter several days
later and they advised him that it was
Ijis duty to report the affair to the au
thorities.
Mrs. Fei-Flow and the two children
residing wth her, Harold, aged 2 years,
and Blossom, a four-year-old child,
•were taken to the Hall of Justice last
right. The woman was booked on a
charge of cruelty to children. Baby
Harold is a handsome, well-nourished
child and sat on Matron Casey's lap in
th- dormitory, contentedly munchinp a
cracker. Biossom, the other child, did
not show any traces of neglect, and
both of the children were suitably
clothed.
Mrs. Ferslow, who is a woman 40
An unparalleled tale of cruelty came
to light through the arrest of Mrs.
Victoria Ferslow last night by Officer
McMurray and Secretary White of the
Society for Prevention "of Cruelty to
Children.
Because her two-year-old grandchild
Harold soiled his clothe* this woman
removed the garments of the child last
Sunday and placed him on a red-hot
kitchen Ftove. The delicate flesh of
Baby Harold was frightfully seared by
Impact with the hot metal and a scar
he will bear with him to the grave
resulted.
With an air of nonchalance, this un
naturaJ woman admit? that she is re
sponsible for the baby's burns, and in
extenuation of her inhuman conduct
states that she was unaware that the
ttove was eo hot. Fire seems to be a
favorite method of punishment with
her. as on another occasion, according
to her own statement, she burned an
other child's fingers against a hot lamp
chimney because the little one had
placed some cotton stuff over the lamp.
• Yesterday afternoon Rev. A. Takain.
an Armenian Christian minister, who
has been employed by Mrs. Ferslow
at her home. 711 Graf ton avenue, doc
toring sick cats and dogg, reported the
matter to Secretary White. A warrant
wes immediately secured and the ar
rest followed. Takain was in the em
ploy of the woman under arrest for
pome tjme. ar.d it is understood that
his reason In not reporting the matter
sooner was due to a fear that he would
fr"t into trouble with the authorities.
Mrs. Fctsl'iT.-, who is well known to
tho Society for the Prevention of Cru
elty to Children, conducts an establish
ment at the addrtss given, where, ac
cording to Secretary White, many dogs.
sore-«»yed cat*, invalid chickens and
homeless ¦waifs are cared for. She for
merly lived on a small avenue off
Twenty-fourth street, and the society,
tfpon investigating complaints received,
found that two children, together with
dogs, cats and chickens, inhabited one
room. The children were taken from
her at that time, but subsequently re
turned and the removal to the Gra'ton
avenue residence followed.
STARTLED BY SCREAMS.
"I cannot understand why -Mrs. Wise
should have telegraphed to the police
here that her daughter's death was
suspicious, unless it was that she was
excited on hearing of her daughter's
death and had not previously learned
of her Illness," .
"Dr. E. J. Wemple, who attended Mrs.
Hume, certified that Bright's disease
was the cause of death. Dr. Wemple
stated yesterday that he had had Mrs.
Hume under his care from December
2J5 to last Tuesday, and scouted any
Idea that the woman died from any but
natural causes. Mrs. Hume was 27
years old. No further investigation
will be made by the police.
"We all came to California about the
same time," said Beale, "and Mrs.
Hume was a very sick woman. She
had been in the doctors' hands in the
East. She asked all of us not to let
her mother know of her illness. When
Mrs. Hume died I at once telegraphed
her mother, Mrs. Wise, In Toledo,
Ohio. A number of " telegrams passed
between us. Mrs. Wise wanted me to
bring the body to Toledo, but I could
not afford the money. I finally wired
her that the body would be cremated,
but I received no reply to my message.
I paid for the cremation and have sent
Mrs. Hume's trunk and her life insur
ance policy for $250*0 to her mother.
The policy was in favor of. Mrs.
Hume's mother.
BEALE MAKES STATEMENT.
Detective Cody was at once placed
on the case and he made a careful
and thorough investigation. It was
learned that Mrs. Hume formerly re
sided ir% Buffalo and came out here for
her health. She sold her rooming house
in Buffalo and intended to locate in
California.
Mr. and Mrs. A. Boswell, also from
the East, came out with Mrs. Hume,
and they stated to Cody that Mrs.
Hume was very ill on the trip.
E. M. Beale, a young man from Buf
falo, who is with his mother and his
sister at 1414 Post street, was a close
frle.nd^of the dead woman. .Beale in
formed Detective Cody that Mrs. Hume
was separated from her husband and
expected to secure a divorce. In that
case she and Beale were to have been
married.
Yesterday morning the body of Mrs.
Hume was cremated at the Odd Fel
lows' Cemetery. At about the same
time the death notices from the. Health
Office reached the Coroner's office and
the attaches were surprised to find the
name of Mrs/Hume in the list.
The Coroner's office knew that the
police were seeking Information of Mrs.
Hume's death and at once notified
Chief Wittman. Then it was learned
that the woman's body had been cre
mated but an hour earlier. * '
CARELESS HEAI/TH OFFICIALS.
The'clerks in the Health *Offlce took
the name over the telephone as that of
"Eubie" and watched for a death cer
tificate in that name.
On Thursday afternoon the death
certificate of Mrs. X*. C. Hume was pre
sented by an undertaker and a permit
for cremation was issued.
Investigation by the police of the
death of Mrs. L. C. Hume of Buffalo,
N. Y.,. who died last Tuesday at the
Clara Barton Hospital in this city,
proves that there was no foundation
for suspicion that the woman's demise
was from other than natural causes.
Last Wednesday Chief of Police Witt
man received a telegram from the
mother of Mrs. Hume from Toledo,
Ohio, stating that her daughter's death
was suspicious and asking that the
same be investgiated. Mrs. Matilda,
Wise, the mother of Mrs. Hume, also
requested that the body be held sub
ject to' shipment to Toledo.
i Carelessness on the part of Detective
Anthony and officials of the Health
Office resulted jn some excitement yes
terday in police circles and for a time
rumors were around that Mrs. Hume
had been murdered.
'Anthony was detailed last Wednes
day to locate Mrs. Hume or E. M.
Beale in this city, and to find out
whether the woman had died. No rec
ord was found at the Coroner's office
and Anthony claims that he simply
telephoned to the Health Office and re
quested that if a certificate of the death
of Mrs. Hume was presented tp refuse
a permit for burial and to notify the
Coroner. *
Denies That His Party Is, or
Ever AVas, a Menace to the
Prosperity of the Country
Calmly Asserts She Became
Tired of Correcting Little One
and Decided on Brutal Method
Tillman charged that the opposition
to an investigation was characterized
by partisanship. There was an appar
ent attejnpt at Congressional smother
ing. He did not see how honest men
could stand up in the face of House
sentiment and try to prevent an inves
tigation and allow the statute of limi
tations to "prevent the prosecution of
the rascals."
Dolliver said that he had read the
Bristow report and had found no
charge that Heath needed investigat
ing. Tiliman started to read the refer
ences to Heath, and while looking for
the place said caustically:
•"Well, if he was not besmirched by
the report he was tattooed — he is a
tattooed man."
The discussion was participated in by
Burrows. Dolliver and Quarles on the
Republican side and Carmack, Tillman
and Teller on the Democratic side. The
Republican contention was that there
had been a thorough investigation by
the Postoffice Departrr.enf7*and that a
Senate investigation was now being
pressed by the Democrats for partisan
purposes. The Democrats insisted that
they wanted the facts, and charged
that the Republicans were trying to
smother them. Perry S. Heath was bit
terly assailed and former Postmaster
General Smith was criticized by Demo
cratic Senators.
Platt of Connecticut criticized the
Democrats for their failure to express
one genuine, hearty word of praise for
the President, the Postmaster General
and the Fourth Assistant Postmaster
General for the good work which had
been done.
WASHINGTON. Jan. S.— Alleged
postofflce frauds were under discussion
in the Senate to-day, the subject being
opened in a «»t speech by Simmons of
North Carolina, who insisted there
should .be an investigation by the Sen
ate into the charges. Platt of Connec
ticut denied that the Republicans were
trying to cover up any wrongdoing in
the Postoffice Department, and said
they simply were contending that the
Postofnee Committee should ascertain
what was to be investigated.
Plait of Connecticut Defends
Conservative Course of Ma
jority in the Upper House
Reported to Have Been
Traced to Town in 3Iissouri
Mother and Daughter Now
Doctor Says Acute Disease of
Kidneys- Ended Life and He
Scouts Theory of Foul Play
| BITTERLY ASSAIL HEATH
I
ATTACKS ADMINISTRATION
CONFESSES HER GUILT
HUSBAND SUES A DOCTOR
EEMAINS AEE CREMATED
Ex-Attorney General Harmon
Speaks at Jackson Day Ban
quet Given at Cincinnati
j Democrats Use Uristow's Re
! port as Excuse for Insisting
Upon Congressional Inquiry
Mrs. Victoria Ferslow Jailed
for Searing Baby's Flesh on
a Redhot Kitchen Stove
Additional Light Is Shed on
the Mysterious Disappear
ance of Passengers on Steamer
Police Investigate Demise of
Mrs. L. C. Hume at Bequest
of Her Mother in the East
Colonel Francis S. Dodge Is to Become Paymaster General
and Colonel Alexander Mackenzie Is -, Nominated for
Chief of Engineer Corps, With Rank oi Brigadier General
SOUNDS PRAISE
OF DEMOCRACY
WOMAN COMMITS
HIDEOUS CRIME
POSTAL FRAUDS
SENATE'S THEME
POLICE DOUBT
SUICIDE STORY
WOMAN'S DEATH
NOT SUSPICIOUS
PRESIDENT NAMES OFFICERS
FOR PROMOTION IN THE ARMY
THE ... SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY. JANUARY 9. 1904.
3
AD VEBTISEKLENTS.
BR05.
Stock Taking Over
Boys' & Children's Clothing
Now Greatly Reduced
Note These Special Values
(£ After the Christmas vacation, back to schoql
— and the youngsters must be properly fitted out.
•/([Here's something interesting for parents to
consider: How to Get the Greatest Values in
Children's Clothes for the Least Outlay' of
Money. . . ., ' ':• v •
C, The answer is easy. Buy them Here.
Boys' Overcoats for $3.50
First we mention these stylish Overcoats at "Three-
Fifty," but worth much more.
Oxford gray, with velvet collar, long and regular cut;
keep the boy snug and warm; 3 to 10 years.
Specially reduced to . . ... . $3.50
Sailor Suits for $3.50
Next our "Roos Special" Sailor Suit for the little fel-
lows— a prime favorite with San Francisco mothers. Noth-
ing better has ever been offered for the money.
All wool serge in all the favorite colors; " soutache ,
braided collars, silk sailor knot tie. silk embroidered
chevron; pants with taped seams and silesia lined through-
3 to .1 o years at . $3.50
Boys' 2-piece-Suits for $3.50
* " ' Another "Roos Special" for the larger boys — unprece-
dented values for prudent parents to consider.
* Air Wool Blue and Black Cheviots, two-piece suit3,
, , substantially made with double seat and knees; also all-
wool Tweeds and Mixed Cheviots; best kind of clothes for
everyday or school wear. ."
8 to 1 6 years at . $3.50
Boys' v $IO Long Pants Suits for $8.50
- A "Roos Special" for the High School boys. These
suits are built-in mannish -style and represent the best val-
ues ever put in a suit at ;uch a price..-
Single and double breasted Blue Cheviot suits; also .
single-breasted mixed Tweeds and Cheviots, made with
• long trousers; finely tailored, cut a f /d finished; 12 to 10,
' ¦kkssBSBBB^BttisSMHll^hi^Bs!
Specially reduced from $fo to) • • $8.50
ROOS BROS.
KEARNY AT POST
DR. PIERCE'S BEKEDIEa.
The man who wotdd tit on a cake of
ice to cool aft would be considered crazy.
Yet it is a very common thing for a per-
son he&ted by exercise to sUnd in a cooJ
draught, just to
cool off. This jgav
is the beginning K^tf
of mzn y a cough JrVl
i vhich ultimate- _,dM&V±-
ly involves the J§££ K&£&
bronclzial tract yfflSisaBfttrVH.
arid the lnngs.
tny stage there &\ MBfafflfiifiB
s is no remedy so jKjP^^^al
valuable as Dr. /^^ f
Pierce's Golden ( ,-^VfcjtjL- foQ
Medical Discov- \ J^\TKZT' HY]
S^vseated?^ \ J |^//y4yS
'Stuxate ccraghs, v>J ' jf/-
bleeding of the dfir* BKj ' -
lncga, and like
conditions which if neglected or nnskill-
Jpily treated terminate m consumption.
There is no alcohol ia "Golden Med-
ical Discovery,'' aad it is entirely free
from opium, cocaine and other narcotics.
Accept no substitute for n Golden Med-
ical Discovery." Tbere is nothing "just
as good."
"I tock a trrtre ccld which settled is the
bronchial tubes." writes Rev. Frani Hay, of
Nort«BvUk. Jefierson Co.. Kansas. "After try-
' inj- reci ianc* labeled * Sure Cure.' almost with-
oat number. I was led to try Dr. pierce's Ooldea
Medical Discovery. I took two bottles aad was
en red. and hare stayed cured.
-VT.rn I think of the great pain I bad to
eodcre, and the terrible congh I bad. It seems
almovt s. miracle that I «u so soon reUrred.
•That Cod may spare yon many years and
sb^in£ant!v bless jron Is the prayer of j-onr
grateful friend."
* Dr. Pierce's Common Sense Medical
Adviser, containing 1008 large pages, is
sent free on receipt of stamps to pay ex-
pease of mailing only. Send 21 one-
cent stamps for the book in paper covers
or. 31 stamps forlt in cloth binding. Ad-
dress Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buffalo. N. Y.
Every good-enough grocer
keeps Schilling's Best
I c:?t* ' fl ivories extract* soda '
r.nd moneybacks 'cm. Costs
Costs nobody anything.CHINAMAN SWALLOWS
''* THE 'WINNING TICKET
Mrs. Louisa Katz Dies.
Mrs. Louisa Katz, widow of the late
Frederick Katz, passed away yester
day; - at her^iate home, '1016- Union
street, at the age of 73. Mrs. Katz
was known to a large circle of friends
and was noted for her charitable dis
position. . She leaves , to mourn her
several; children— George, , Louis and
Gustave, Katz, Mrs. E. ,C. Kalben and
Mrs. M. I Sherwood. The funeral will
take , place I to-morrow : at . 2 ' o'clock
from 1016 Union street and the Inter
ment will be in the Odd Fellows'
Cemetery^ : ;
A dispatch to the Morning Post from Chefu says that China has granted Russia a concession to construct &
branch railway in Manchuria from Shinmencho through Moukden and Llaoyeiig to Antung. which will run through
lur^'nf n JT^r ow < Sh 4 aho - m an editorial the Morning Post contends that the railway is to be .built with the
purpose of enabling Russia to conquer Korea and keep the country. This pretense of a "concession," the Morning
l crl eays. sho*ji the Jnuurtton. tQ . keep Manchuria and acquire Korea, /but. to preserve a form of Chinese. suzerainty.
TnVhl^M m wu h ! Daily Mail state that the Russian reply was further considered at a Cabinet council in
luh^ZLt sat for several hours. It is supposed that Japan's reply to Russia may have been drafted for
submission to the council of the elder statesmen and the Ministers, which is expected to assemble to-day at the impe-
Among the minor items of the news this morning is the report that the Russian warship Boyaran has ar
rived at- Chemulpo" arfd the sfaterrient lhatthe foreign consuls at Newchwang have lodged a unanimous protest
with, the Russian Administrator against renaming the streets with Russian names.
In editorial discussions of the cr^is the London morning papers attach great. importance, first to the dec
laration of French policy contained in an interview with the first secretary of the French embassy in . London
that the present . arrangement between France and Great Britain wde such that it could not be disturbed* and
that even if Korea and China should join Japan they would not be looked upon as powers within the meaning of
the Franco-Russian treaty, which statement is held to greatly strengthen the British Government's efforts in
favor of peace; and. second, to the report of Major Nathan of. the British army on the inefficiency of the Siberian
Railway as likely to have great influence with the Russian Government in deciding the ultimate question of peace
<>r war. A writer in the Daily Chronicle contends that Ja'pan's great mistake was her omission to strike last
October. The. writer adds:
"If it Is true, that Japan then, yielded .to British representations we have undertaken a great responsibility."
Russian correspondents continue to report extensive* military preparations and say that there was a heavy
fall on the Russian boerBes yesterday. '
According to the Dally Mail's Tokio correspondent the Russian reply purposes among other things to transfer
trie seat of negotiations to St. Petersburg, and the Japanese, newspapers denounce this as a maneuver to entanicle
Japan in the web of Russian intrigue. Thte correspondent adds that the riots at Chollado. Korea, are increasing and
that the ofneers of the Japanese steamer Shini Marti, which left Port Arthur on February 4. report that there 'were
then eighty warships and three first-class torpedo-boats inside and five battleships outside the harbor. Dredging was
I-roceeding night and day in the western portion of the harbor. Owing to the breakwater the port is almost icebound
lne correspondent gay* the dispatches from Seoulto Japanese newspapers represent the Emperor df Korea ai
vacillating r end finable to.adopt a definite policy. The Emperor is" greatly reassured by the receipt of a memorial
Horn the Korean officials declaring that there is no danger of war. the arrival of the United States marines beins due
-t, 8^ 6 . 1 ""^rBtanding tietween jthe United States and Japan, and that the Japanese war preparations are merely
a oiurx Intended t» friphten Russia. ;-*' - ¦- - .-.' ¦".¦ • _
LONDON, Jan. 10.— The Dally Mall's Chefu correspondent asserts that, in the event of a victorious war,
Japan would conclude a treaty with China, opening Manchuria to all foreign trade. % .,'..-'
France Will Remain Neutral in the Event of War:
Colonel Sedgwick Pratt, Artillery
Corps, reported at headquarters yes
terday morning. Colonel Pratt will be
inspector general of the Division of
the Pacific and will assume his new
duties on the 15 t th inst.
Major E. H. Plummer has been
granted a three months' leave and is
going to Buffalo to visit his fa'mily.
At the general hospital Major -Wil
liam P., Kendall^^commanding. a corps
of twelvfe surgeo'ns, is in readiness for
a campaign. . . / .
. In every department at the post
drilling is the order of the day. Coast
Artillery corps, cavalry and infantry
are all. on.their mettle and on ,the alert
for any war news from headquarters.
Colonel Charles H. Noble, com
mander of the Tenth Infantry, is keep
ing his regiment right up to the mark
and his command is now .ready at a
moment's notice to take the field. '
means at their command in an effort
to locate the offender.
WASHINGTON J*n. 8. — Commissioner of
Pension*. Ware to-day decided that all rights:
to nension are barred by conviction of crima
and wntence to prison for life.
| • SEATTLE, Jan. # 8.— The Nichols
j s-hingle mill at Ballard was destroyed
j by fire to-day. The mill, four dry
| kilns, sheds, blacksmith shop and
i about 4,000,000 shingles were burned.
j The loss is estimated to be between
I $35,000 and $40,000 and is partially
• covered by insurance.
Fli-e 'Destroys a Shingle Mill.
Charles H. Jones, who mauaged
the stage at the production of the lit
tle opera, "My Colorado Belle." at the
home of M. H. de Young. on New
Year's eve, was pre^eftlefl . wflh a
handsome gold watch yesterday by
the principals of the company. • The
Srift came as a surprise' to Jones, .'.it
is a costly affair and very pretty. On
the case were engraved these words:
"To our ever patient stage manager,
C H. Jones, with the appreciation and
New Year** greeting of the famous all
Ftar cast of 'My Colorado Belle* Opera
Company. January 1, 1304. San
Francisco."
I'rrsent .lone* Witli Watch.
OAKLAND. Jan. 8.— The following 1
marriage licenses were issued by the
County Clerk to-day: George F.
Ewing, 22, and Rose. Halliden, IS,
both of San Francisco: Frederick A.
Schrumpf. 30. and Ida Happersett, 30,
both of San Francisco.
Marriage Licenses.
•¦WASHINGTON, Jan. 8. — Postofflce
to be discontinued January 14. super
seded by rural free delivery: Wash
ington—Outlook, Yakima County,
mail goes to Sunnyside.
Postmasters commissioned: Cali
fornia—M. A. McKinnon, China Flat.
Oregon — William S. Gribble, Mount
Hood. Washington — Carl Brand,
Belmont.
Fourth class postmasters appointed:
California — Ernest S. Collins, Knights
Ferry, Stanislaus County, vice S. G.
Valpey, resigned; George E. Bowman.
Neei\ah, Los Angeles County, vice' C.
Clausen, resigned. Washlngtop —
George H. Tamblin, Kipling, Okano
gan County, vice Georgiana Wrenn.
resigned.
Army orders — Major Edward T.
Brown, artillery, goes from Havana.
Cuba, to the Presidio of San Fran
clsco. First Lieutenant Dennis P.
Quinlan, Ninth Cavalry, goes from
Ord Barracks, Monterey, Cal., to Hot
Springs, Ark., for treatment.
Navy orders — Lieutenant P.. Sym
ington is assigned to additional duty
as fleet gunnery officer of the Pacific
squadron. Assistant Surgeon A. E:
Peck goes to the Pensacola, naval
training station,- San Francisco. As
sistant Surgeon M. K. Elmer is de
tached from the Pensacola and goes
to the Hancock at the New York yard.
Several Minor Changes Are Made in
the Postal Service and Army
and Xavy Orders Issued.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
ALAMEDA. Jan. 8.— Joseph Know
land, father of State Senator Joseph R.
Knowland and one of Alameda's most
respected and substantial citizens, is
lying dangerously ill at his home. 242*
Lincoln avenue, and his condition Is tha
cause of grave apprehension to tha
members of hi3 family.
"III .<I>nojJ3S puwittouH qddsof
Detective Reynolds was present
during the inspection and had the full
assistance of the army officials of the
post, who are exercising every possible
The colored soldier that slashed
Mrs. 'John M. Carney has not yet been
found. Yesterday, in company with
her friend, Mrs. Wright, she went to
the post at the request of Major John
Bigelow Jr., commander of the Ninth
Cavalry, and they were taken into the
presence of the four different cavalry
troops and asked to try to pick -out
the soldier that made the murderous
attack upon her. She went to the dif
ferent barracks with a number of the
enlisted men of the 'Tenth Infantry
who were on the car at the time of the
assault, 'but she was unable to iden
tify the man who made the attemot
on her life. Her head was* bound up
with bandages and only the front part
of her face was visible.
Mrs. Carney Visits Presidio, but Can
not Pick Out Colored Soldier
Tlmt Attacked Her.
VICTIM OF SLASHER TRIES
TO IDENTIFY ASSAILANT
The body of Giuseppi Guardi, one of
the two Guardi brothers, \ho were
drowned .from their fishing launch off
the Cliff House on December 22, was
washed up on the beach at Mussel
Rock, six miles'below Colma, Thursday.
John Fi-hey discovered the body on
the beach and notified the Coroner of
Pan Mateo County. Deputy Coroner E.
E. Cunningham held an inquest over
the remains yesterday at Colma. The
verdict was accidental drowning. The
<orp5e*wa» identified By John Llcata, a
brother-in-law of the deceased. After
the Inquest the body was brought to
this city for interment. The dead fish
erman was 22 years of age. The body
of his brother was found on the ocean
beach. near the f.jfe Saving Station fif
teen days ago. '''.
Kemain* of Giuseppi Guardi. Who
Was Drowned With His Brother
December 22, Washed" Ashore.
BODY OF FISHERMAN IS
FOr.VD AT MUSSEL ROCK
O. J. Smith, a capitalist of Reno,
who is associated in the project to
connect that town with East Reno by
an electric railroad, is at thcPalace.
Chief Counsel Herrin and Freight
Traffic Manager Sproule of the South
ern Pacific ' Company left yesterday
morning for Washington, where they
are to represent the railroad company
inMheorange cases before the Inter
state Commerce Commission on Jan
uary 13. *
R. D. Silliman, who during the ad
ministration of President McKinley
was United States Circuit Judge of
Hawaii, and who has been making a 1
tour of the "world since his retirement
from the bench, has located here in
the Crocker building and will engage
in the practice of law.
George Lippmann, . local passenger
agent of the- Southern Pacific Com
pany, leaves to-day for Reno, where
he Is to meet Wong Kal Kah, the Chi
nese commissioner to the St. Louis Ex
position, who is on his way back to
the Orient. The commissioner ¦ will
leave for- China on the steamer Coptic.
T. S. Wood, a prominent mining man
of Beadville, Colo., and family arrived
at the Palace yesterday.
George M. Pinney, a well known min
ing man, is registered at the Palace,
having returned yesterday from .a trip
to Minneapolis. • . -
Surgeon R. B. Chapman, U. S. N.. and
wife areat the Grand.
H. P. Stow, a mining man of Fordes
town, l\ at the California.
W. M. Burckhalter, a merchant of
Visalla, is. at the California.
E. B. Burns, a mining man of Gold
Beach, Or., is registered at the Grand.
PERSONAL.
The v lnjury did not pain him at that,
time, and next morning he Went to Col-
fax to look after-hisr-hanklng Interest*.
there. By Sunday afternoon, when he .
returned home, his arm j had become*
swollen and he has since been suffering
severe pain. He was unable to leave
his room yesterday, and it is feared
that at least one of the bones In hi*
arm has been fractured. From the
wrist to the elbow his arm Is badly
discolored.
Dr. Bingham. his family physician.
was out of the city until last night.
and pending his return Senator Ankeny
would not permit an attempt Jo reset
any bone or bones • that might b?
broken. His return to Washington
after the annual meeting of the string
of national banks of which he is presi
dent will be delayed for several days- at
least. * <¦-.
TACOMA. Jan. S.— United States Sen
ator Levi Ankeny is seriously ill at hi3
Walla Walla home as the result of hi*,
being tripped up by a pet dog on an
key" sidewalk while walking down town
last Friday. He fell, striking the side
walk with his elbow.. .^ ;
Special Dispatch to The Call
General Thomas, in a reply which he
made public to-day, along with the
Secretary's letter, | asserts that there
has not been a lax. administration.
If a committee of appraisers were sent
to investigate the office and they, re
ported adversely, he would resign, but
he would not resign under charges
which he says he knows cannot be sus
tained.
CHICAGO, Jan. 8.— Although Lyman
T. Herrick has been nominated by the
President to succeed General Horace,
H. Thomas as appraiser of customs at
this port,' the resignation of *G«neral
Thomas, requested by the Secretary of
the Treasury, has not been sent in. ¦
General Thomas will appeal, to the
President to learn why his resignation
was asked for. In the letter from the
Secretary of the Treasury calling for
General Thomas* resignation it was
said that the purpose was not to make
a place for another, and that there
was .nothing political In the request,
but that it seemed necessary to secure
a more vigorous administration.
Federal Official in Chicago
Declines to Give Resignation
Asked For by Secretary Shaw
Lcvi Ankeny of AYa>hiii£ton
Trips' Over a Pet Canine
antl Is Seriously Injured
CRIPPLE CREEK. Colo.. Jan. S.—
'No enforcement of the vagrancy order
of. Colonel Verdeckberg, commanding
trie State troops in this district, has
as yet been attempted. While the mil
itary authorities announce that their
actipn will be in no degree influenced
by the injunction issued yesterday by
Judge Seeds to restrain them from de
porting idle men, no arrest for vag
rancy has .been made and no arrange
ments for deportations are apparent.
Four men. -were arrested to-day for
disturbing and abusing the military
and are now In Jail.
Commander Verdeckberg. and the
other 'military officers held another
council of "war (as they term their con
j ferences) this morning and decided to
Ignore the Injunction issued by District
Judge Seeds, restraining the militia
from sending out of the camp any
members of the Western Federation of
Miners. The military officers have re
fused to accept service of any -paper
, from the District Court.
THOMAS HOLDS
TO HIS PLACE
DOG UPSETS
THE SENATOR
Officers of the Colorado State
Troops Decide Not to Rec
ognize the Federal Injunction
COURT'S ORDER
TO BE IGNORED
Pacific Coast Waiters' Association elected th*
following officer* at Its last* meeting: Presi
dent. L.. G. Harris; vice president. Charles
Sweeney; treasurer, -Charles R. Stlckel; audi
tor, Joseph • A. : McFauI: recording secretary.
Louis D. Fry: board of directors— H. Be&en
thai. Ed Ely, Fred Errett. J. M. Lacey, Harry
McKenzIe. Charles C. Phillips and Louis A.
Rlchter.
I^ocal Union Xo. « elected the following of
ficers for the ensuing terms: President. Qeorg«
F Ketley; vice president. M. L. Cox; record--
Ing secretary. W. H. McConnell; financial sec
retary, A. Schuhman; press secretary. Ed II.
Smith; treasurer. K. Allendfr; Inspector*. H.
Doyle and A. Richmond; foreman. R. Wabb;
trustee. M. S. Brown; business agent. J. tie
Vecmon
Range Workers* Union No. 8? installed the
following of fleers? President. George Weineck
er; vice ' president, M. Carston; '.treasurer.
Charles Llndtrman; financial secretary. Fred
Young; recording secretary. Charles Watscn;
delegate to the Labor Council, H. Healey; dele
gates to the Iron Trades Council. George Wle.
necker. Charles Lindennan and Fred Young.
Sailrcakeie' Union at Its mertins; last night
installed the foHowltur officers who wer< r-
c-.-ntly elected: President. M. J. Madson: vice
president. E. B. Thorning; treasurer, M.
Doran: secretary. C. II. Hatch; trustees — E. J.
Walcutt H J UlackUton aiul Louis Rudolph;
finance 'committee — L. T. Olson. Carl Hanson
and George » Woods ; sergeant at arms. Josepn
Doyle. After the installation the union haJ
a umoker and high jinks.
Bridge and Structural Iron Workers' Union
No 31 concluded Its election of ofneers. Those
wh succeeded are: President. E. V. Hoen
ecke; vice president. Henry Kumetsch; record
ing secretary. O. Ingle; financial secretary.
M. C. .Randolph; treasurer. William Kuhn;
sergeant at arms. Frederick Esker; conduc
tor. J. R. Bridges; trustee* — J. Hodgson. B.
Ci. Maurer and R O. Boding; delegates to
BuUdin» : Trader Council — R. O. Boding. U. C-
Randolph. E. V. Hoenecke. Herman Rumetscft
and Charles Scarlett: alternate. Ueorge Ingle.
Officers elected by the Marine Cooks 1 Union:
Treasurer. Ed Andersen; secretary, Eugene
Steldle; first patrolman. Frank McKIernan;
second patrolman. J. O'Connor: agent in Se
attle. Richard Powers; agent in San Pedro.
Nels Lorentzen.
After the meeting the union proceed
ed In a body to a well-known cafe and
finished a very enjoyable evening.
In case the stablemen are insistent
in their demands on the stable owners
and a lockout is the result, the men
will go out without the sanction of the
San Francisco Labor Council. This is
the result of the action taken by the
Labor Council last night when the
majority report of the executive com
mittee was adopted. The majority
recommended that the men work the
extra hour, provided they are paid for
it, and that they assist In loading and
unloading hay. It advised, however,
that the men refuse to handle manure.
The verbal report of the minority ad
vised that the men insist on their de
mands being granted, in full. After a
long discussion the majority report
was adopted.
There has been a slight trouble be
tween the Mutual Lithographic and
•Label Company and the pres3 feeders
and printing pressmen. The differ
ences are due to a question' of hours
and wages. A special committee from
the affected unions has been appointed
to adjust matters.
The members affiliated with the Dis
trict Council of Painters and Decorat
ors of America have decided to apply
for a half day off on Saturdays, com
mencing January 16.
The benflt entertainment given oy
the Electrical Workers at the Chutes
yesterday was a great success. The
receipts were large. -
At a regular meeting of Local No.
472 of the International Brotherhood of
Teamsters, held in the A. O. F. Hall
Thursday evening. January 7. the fol
lowing officers were elected for the en-
President K. D. Tanner; vkw president.
Thomas Hinehan; secretary- treasurer. O. fc~
Miller; recording secretary. C. E. Fob!: busi
ness agent. F. J I^aeremans: delegate to San
Francisco Labor Council. Robert Uarbee. A.
K. Clume w%s elected to serve as trustee lor
three year*. \V. Irving to ser\e for two year*
and J. L.. Southera to eerve for one year.
The -hotel was balanced on three
i large, scov :. and -as the big structure
swayed and plunged through the
i waves, • driven by' a fierce southeast
\ gale, the position of the unwilling pas
> sengers -' was exceedingly perilous.
I- After 'many- unsuccessful attempts to
I grapple with the ponderous comblna
! tion craft, the tug, Danger pushed her
! toward, a - ( spit' of land and when she
there took the men off and
I returned here with them.
The hotel and scows were brought
J back this and the structure
was ', found to be badly wrenched.
' Ocosta Is a practically deserted town.
The hotel was built there during a
boom and is now being moved here. . It
is a large building containing 120 rooms.
HOQUIAM. "Wash.. Jan. 8.— The Mc-
Candler Hotel, a three-story building
which was be^ng moved on scows up
the coast from Ocosta .to this place,
broke from Its moorings in a storm at
Ocosta to-day. and went drifting out to
sea. Six men were on board the scows
and as soon as their perilous position
was seen two tugs started to the res
cue. • ¦ * . j
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ST. LOUIS. Jan. *.— Notice was
n*»rved on the management of seven
theaters in St. Louis to-day by License
Collector Clifford that their licenses
wen* revoked and that they would be
required to procure new licenses,
based on certificates from the Build
ing Commissioner's office that they
had complied with the city ordinances
in the 'matter of safeguards against
fire before being allowed to continue
giving performances. The theater
upon which the notices,' were s»erved
were the Olympic, the Century, the
Grand. f the ' Columbia,!' Havlin's,. the
Imperial and the Odegn.. \onf was
Forvod on the managers of the Htantl
ard, Crawford's or Music Hall.
Willard Sayles. a former usher at the
Iroquois. testified that the exits on the
north side cf the theater were always
closed. They caught with a spring
lock and during his time at the theater
h» had never seen any of them open.
As far as he knew, none of the ushers
had any instruction concerning action
In case of fire.
Gilbert McLean, one of the stage
hands, who had been in the theater
since its opening, swore that he had
never known of any protection provid
ing against fire, with the exception of
some tubes of fire extinguishers. No
instructions had ever been given, as
far as he knew, as to the duties of em
ployes in & fire or a panic.
H. D. LaughMn testified that he had
eeats in the first row of the second bal
oony and that the balcony was so
crowded that numbers of women were
and fitting in the aisles, mak
ing it difficult for him to reach his seat.
He declared that the Jnn<>r doors of the
?-xits opened Inward instead of out, but
when questioned closely by Coroner
Traeger declared he was not sure about
it.
CrflCAGO. Jan. S. — At the Coroner's
inquest over the victims of the Iroquois
fire to-day the most important witness
was Engineer Murray of the theater,
¦whose testimony showed that the thea
ter was practically destitute of protec
tion against fire; that no precautions
had been taken and no instructions had
*ver bepn givpn to any of the attaches.
Two more names were added to-day
to the list of victims of the fire, Nellie
Danson. T> years of age. and Estelle
Muir, 31 years of age. died in hospitals.
The deaths to-day make a total of
E£6 fatalities due to the fire.
Robert E. Murray, stationary engin
eer of the. theater, testifying at the in
quest to-day, declared that there was
one stendpipe on the stage, two in the
basement and one in the fmoking
room. There was no hose attached to
any of them, although there was hose
in the building on a rr-el. and nobody
had evrr been instructed how to use it.
The hose in the building consisted of
cne coil and was locked in the smok
ing-room at the front of the building.
The only way in which an alarm could
reach the Fire Department was by use
of the telephone.
Madeline Dupont. one of the girls in
the double oct^t. which was on the
Ftage at the time the fire broke out.
\*as positive in her statement that the
curtain which was lowered was the as
bestos curtain. She was emphatic In
her evidence that the curtain which
was lowered did not burn. She became
badly tangk-d in the latter part of her
evidence and finally admitted that she
did not know whether or not there was
an asbestos curtain In the theater, but
supposed there was.
Edith Williams, another member of
the double octet, who fainted on the
stage at the outset of the fire, was
called and nearly fainted again, fall
ing against thr> ttand and rolling to the
floor before t-he could be caught. She
was removed from the courtroom and
did nut testify.
Captain Pendleton, commandant of
the Washington "navy yard, who is
arguing for a J4.000.0W appropriation
to enlarge the gunshops of the Wash
ington yard, to-day called attention
to the fact that the Government would
save $600,000 on the 6000 tons of armor
which the Midvale people were to
make. This was given as an Illustra
tion of what might be saved in gun
construction by allowing increased fa
cilities In the Government's factory.
Captain Pendleton said that the Car
negie and Bethlehem companies had
made money enough during the first
five years they jvere engaged in the
manufacture of armor for the Govern
ment to pay for their plants. He also
asserted that In the manufacture of
guns the Government would produce
for 52,000,000 what It would have to
pay $2,500,000 for under contract.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 8.— The recent
ly awarded contract for 16.000 tons of
armor plate by the Secretary of the
Navy, 6000 tons of which is to be made
by the MIdvale Company and 5000 tons
each by the Bethlehem and Carnegie
companies, has been the subject «f some
comment before the House Committee
on Naval Affairs during the hearing
relative to the naval appropriation bill.
Rear Admiral O'Neill, chief of the
Bureau of Ordnance of the Navy De
partment, has stated that evidently
there was a combination or under
standing between the Carnegie and
Bethlehem companies, as their bids
were the same.
The general, current of the debate
divided on party lines, though ques
tions propounded by Senators Spooner
and Heyburn, both Republicans, show
ed they entertained some doubts as
to the legality of .Buchanan's acts at
Panama until he* was confirmed as
Minister bv the Senate. .-
Cullom. Lodge and Fairbanks touk
the position that the President had the
right to nominate a Minister to Pana
ma, notwithstanding the fact that no
such office previously existed. They
claimed, however, that Buchanan was
not acting as a Minister, and that the
President had not constituted him as
such. He was, they said, merely a
personal representative of the Presi
dent, dispatched to- Panama. on a dip
lomatic mission and responsible alone
to the President. A precedent fdr this
action was cited in the case of Blount,
who was sent to Hawaii by President
Cleveland, and whose authority was
paramount, notwithstanding the fact
that an American Minister was at
Honolulu exercising diplomatic func
tions.
j The point was raised by the Demo
crats that the positidn to which Bu
chanan was nominated was not in ex
istence when the appointment was
made, and that the President had no
right to create the position, except with
the consent of the Senate. The Demo
crats who, supported this position were
Morgan, Bacon, Bailey. Pettus' and
Blackburn- The 'Republican Senators
almost unanimously -supported the ac
tion of the President. ""* They declared
he acted wholly '.within his constitu
tional prerogatives: -The principal ar
guments on that side of the question
were made by Lodge, Cullom, McCo
mas, Speoner. Fairbanks and Allison.
No decision was reached, and it was
agreed that the question-would be con
sidered again on Monday.
The status of Buchanan, who is now
at Panama acting virtually as Minis
ter of the United States, was discussed
at length. Senators Bacon and Bailey
in their speeches argued that the Presi
dent either usurped the functions of the
Senate by dispatching a Minister to
Panama whose nomination had not
been. confirmed or had sent Buchanan
there as an envoy, or commissioner,
without color of law. They held that,
as the Senate was in session," the Presi
dent lawfully could not send a Minis
ter to a foreign country without the
advice and consent of the Senate.
- DEFEND THE PRESIDENT.
In an executive session of the Senate
tu-day the nomination of .W. I. Bu
chanan to be Minister to Panama was
discussed formore' than two'hours, the
debate being confined almost entirely
to the constitutional right of the Presi
dent to appoint a' Minister to the new
republic without the co-operation of the
Senate. - . ¦ • r
Scott said : that; .although he had al
ways believed In 'a sea level waterway,
he had -hesitated ; to. press the matter
because he might be accused of an effort
j to delay arid hinder the* construction
yt a canal, but .such was not his pur-
I pose. He wanted a canal, but wanted
| the best one. He asked that the Com
j mittee on Interoceanic Cables make an
j early report upon the. resolution ' he
i had presented, f. , " ,
I Th e resolution was referred to the
Committee on Interoceanic Cables.
STATUS OF . B UCHAXAX.
'•It is in the State of Panama," re
marked Stewart, .-about 150 mileS from
Colombia." '-:¦- . ; 1?:V ? ; ' ¦"
WASHINGTQN, Jan. 8.— The Senate
Committee on Foreign Relations tonday'
continued consideration of the Panama
canal treaty, reaching the'fifteentfrar
ticle in a general discussion of the cohr
ventlon. - It became .apparent during
the debate -that suggestions for altera
tions of the treaty would, not be.con
flned to the. Democratic members/
When the Senate met to-day Scott of
Virginia offered a joint -fesolutionupro-.
viding^' for an investigation . of* the^ Da
rien canal route. He. saia^that such a
waterway" would be bniy~.thlrty* miles
in length and that the route had never
be£n -carefully investigated by En
gineers. . • . '\ r. . .' - '."
Bacon interrupted to ask.where:, the
proposed - canal -.was to be* located - "in
view of recent geographicalchanges in
South America." : ; '¦'• '¦. ' ¦ •¦:'.'. - : "-. ¦
Hill then took up the question of
reciprocity with Canada, and strong
ly urged the necessity of such action.
He referred to the people of Canada
as the "folks who live north of us
and wear our coats, and people who
wear our coats are good commercially,
because they usually pay their debts."
He referred to the Panama canal as
a good thing for a man who had an
appetite for bananas. He would like
it built, and it might do some good,
but it would not help the people of the
North much, even though they did
pay part of the expense of building it.
Suddenly Hill, in his brusque man
ner, broke off and began to talk about
restraint, and that was the keynote
of his brief talk. He said:
A great many people think that the bu«lne«»
of a railroad 1* to restrain trade. 1 want to
a*5ur<? you that a railroad that restrains trade
will so broke. A railway to be successful
mu*t make it possible for the people to develop
the natural resources of the country with profit
or Utmi railroad will be wiped off the fate of
the earth. If a man does not prosper he can
move, tut a railroad is there and must stay.
S^otne reference has be*n made to-night to the
building of erapir»«, and It is only a week ago
that I wa.s railed an empire builder and a
arfamtr of Oriental dreams. I want to re
mar* in i-assir.c that some of those dreams
have come true. Your prosperity has been
more mar,k«?<l in the last few years than any
time during the twenty that have gone by. with
the possible exception of the golden era of Cali
fornia. Will it continue for the next five
years? That's a qu^tlcn you have got to con
sider. The great State of Minnesota has Its
natural resources, and the ones which we have
been mostly dependent on hare a limit to their
rapacity. The iron mines are limlKed and the
trees of oar one- majestic forests are counted.
You have enly the toll and Its possible prod
ucts I»rt. and on that you must build your
foundation fcr future success.
Probably the most important address,"
one which commanded the closest at
tention, was that of President J. J.
Hill of the Great Northern Railway.
Hill introduced his remarks by calling
attention to the contrast between the
present and the* future; of what
growth and success had come to the
Twin Cities, and said:
The Northern Pacific Railway hag b««n cne
cf tho moft Important e!em«nt« In this fuccee«
and tha: of the preat empire of the Northwest.
Mr. Elliott, the seventh captain of this ship,
has srown up with the West. He knows what
the West needs antl what will advance lt« in
tere*ts. . :
For half an hour Elliott and Presi
dent Smith of the club were kept busy
shaking hands, and later Elliott was
the central object of a number of
speeches of welcome from prominent
business men. To all of these he re
sponded in an earnest manner by a
carefully prepared address in which he
spoke hopefully of the future of the
Northwest and the Northern Pacific
Railway as one of the essentials to
that success.
ST. PAUL. Jan. 8.— Howard Elliott,
president of the Northern Pacific Rail
way, was tendered a reception in the
parlors of the Commercial Club to
night, thus making his formal entry
into the business life of St. Paul. About
200 business men of St. Paul were pres
ent and a large delegation from the
Minneapolis Commercial Club joined
in the welcome to the new president of
the Northern Pacific.
It was a hard story Mrs. Beekwith
told the court in her complaint. Po
tatoes and onions were about all that
she had had to eat for some time, while
her husband pursued his vocation in
Alaska. She said to-day she thought
he had left her for good. Then she
brought the action for divorce on the
ground of failure to provide. Beek
with heard of the suit and started for
Oakland. He was snowed in on the
Yukon and shipwrecked off St. Mich
ael, but he persevered and arrived in
time. •/• ¦ ¦ "
The suit, after the required length or
time had passed, had neared the day
of hearing. A default Judgment had
been allowed and the Court Commis
sioner had the matter in hand when
Beekwith arrived. He first secured a
lawyer and had the default judgment
set aside and the case was repoenei
and set for trial. Then he scrtieht out
his wife and won h*r affections again,
with the result that the suit has been
dismissed.
Harvey Beekwith, an Alaskan miner
who traveled 3000 mile3 through snow
and sleet, braving the perils of ship
wreck to answer a suit for dlvcrrce
brought against him. succeeded In get
ting bis wife to reconsider, and she
filed a voluntary dismissal of the suit
to-day, and the affairs of the Beekwith
Lousehold have once more resumed the
tenor of happier days.
Oakland Offlce San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway, Jan. S.
Former Usher Declares That
Exits on North Side of the
Building Were Always Closed
Three-Story Building Being
Moved From a Boom Town
Narrowly Escapes Destruction
Takes Up Question of Reciproci
ty With Canada and Urges
Necessitv of Such Action
Pressmen Are in Trouble With
Mutual Lithograph Company
Over Their Hours and Wages
Through Perils of Snow and
Shipwreck at St. Michael He
. Perseveres and Wins Her Back
Introduces a Joint Resolution
Providing an Investigation
of the Darien Canal Route
Admiral O'Neill Believes That
Bethlehem and Carnegie Com
panies Have Understanding
TWO MORE VICTIMS DIE
SCOTT RAISES NEW ISSUE
TUGS RESCUE PASSENGERS
HILL DELIVERS ADDRESS
TWO BIDS ARE IDENTICAL
PRINTERS MAKE DEMANDS
SHE DISMISSES ACTION
House Committee on Naval
Affairs Gives Attention to
Contract Recently . Awarded
New President of the North
ern Pacific Railway Is Tender
ed a Reception at St. Paul
Suggestions for Alterations
Are Not Confined to Demo
cratic Members of the Senate
After Lous; Debate Labor Coun
cil Adopts Report Filed by Ma
jority of Executive Committee
Harvey Beekwith Travels 3000
Miles to Prevent Spouse Se
curing Divorce and Succeeds
Employes of Iroquois Theater
Give Testimony Showing No
Precautions Were Taken
Massive Caravansary on Scows
Breaks Hawser and Sails
Oceanward in a Tempest
NO PROTECTION
AGAINST FIRE
MAY ENDANGER
CANAL TREATY
BUSINESS MEN
GREET ELLIOTT
STORM DRIVES
HOTEL TO SEA
POOL OF ARMOR
PLATE PLANTS
TURNS DOWN
THE STABLEMEN
BRAVES DEATH
TO HOLD WIFE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 9, 190i.
SANTA CRUZ. Jan. 8.— Alfred Bald
win, a resident of this, city since 1847.
died to-day. He was a native of New
York and aged 88 years. In early days
he engaged In. the. boot and shoe busi
ness here." Before coming here he was
a resident of Oregon.
Santa Cruz Pioneer Dead.
William C. Lehrke. of the well-known
flrm'of H. Lehrke Sons, groceries. Min
nesota and Mariposa streets, died yes
terday in" this city at the *age of JO
years. About a week ago deceased met
with injuries while leaving his wagon
and had to undergo an operation from
which he did not rally. Mr. Lehrke
leaves a widow and a daughter, Luclle
Lehrke, 'and two brothers, Albert W.
and Gustave _ F"., and a sister, Miss
Louise Lehrke.
Dies as Result of Accident.
. Lin , 'Fung, a Chinese lottery ticket
vender, was captured in the celestial
quarter last night, and, in order to avoid
conviction, swallowed the incriminating:
ticket*. Sergeant Chrlstensen took the
wily Mongolian to the Hall of Justice
and while in the act of booking him
Lin turned a shade paler and fell to the
floor. He grazed in a sickly fashion at
the officer and said: "Me- velly sick."
He subsequently admitted he had swal
lowed lottery tickets and he was sent to
the Emergency. Hospital for ''treatment.
While Lin Fung was being doctored
a bunch of his friends swarmed to the
City. Prison to secure his release. Amid
a creat ' deal of chattering it developed
that one of the tickets that the China
man swallowed was ' a "two-bit eight
spot.'.', which would win $232 50/. When
informed that Fung was: in the hands
of the doctors, they, rushed to the hos
pital and abjured. th,e medicos to make
the wily ;fellow. disgorge; the winning
ticket. Up to a late; hour the physi
cians had resurrected only fcrur spots:
by Bolting Incriminating Evi
dence and Is Regretful.
Lin Fung Tries to Escape Conviction
4
NEW ADVEBTISE31ENT3.
-— -~~ T *" .
XAXX SOrV AS SII.JC. '
Xew Scientific Treatment Xllls BandraS
Germs and Makes Hair Soft.
It is an accepted fact, a proven fact.!
that dandruff Is a germ disease: and It
is also a demonstrated fact that >»«•*-•
bro'a Herpicide kills the dandruff germ.
Without dandruff falling hair would"
stop, and thin hair will thicken. Herpi-
cide. not only kills the dandruff gferm.
but it also makes hair as soft a» silk. It-
Is the most delightful hair dressing
made. It cleanses the scalp from dan-
druff and keeps it clean and heulthy.
Itching arid irritation are instantly re-'
lieved and permanently cured. There's
nothing "lust as good." Take no substi-
tute. Ask for "Herpicide." Sold by
1 leading druggists. Send 10c in stamps
for sample to The Herpicide Co., De->
troit. Mich. .
FREE DENTISTRY
Artistic Gold' Fillings
Painlessly inserted for cost of ma-
terial. Teeth cleaned and regulated'
free. Natural looking artificial teeth
made to fit the most difficult cases.
'All our work is guaranteed for, 20
years. Using the purest gold, our
fillings will not turn }!ack or fall
out.
Week Day». 9 to 9; Sundays, 9 to 1. '
PaiaiMS Methods — Extraction Tree.
Graduates Only. Cleaning Free.
Post-Graduate Dental College,
San Pnncisco— 3 Taylor Street.
Oakland— 973 Washington Street. s '
San Jose— 45 East Santa Clara Street, -
Sacramento— 407 J street*THE ' HAGUE, ¦ Jan. ¦ 8.— The First . Chamber
of The Netherlands '.Parliament,": following the
example . of the ; Second Chamber,"; to-day voted
about $1,750,000 for the . purchase of ; qulck-flr-'
Inn . Krupp ¦ guns j after a -. declaration of ' the
¦War : Minister ; that he considered • the ¦ Krupp
suns preferable to the Ehrhardt gun*.
NEW YORK, Jan. 8.— Former Con
gressman Driggs,,who was convicted
here yesterday of receiving compensa
tion for aiding in the procuring of -a
contract with 'the Government, in - his
defense said that ''although' he 7 had.
been elected a Congressman, he 'had
not taken his seat at th'e time, of "the
alleged Improper transaction. Driggs',
attorney contended throughout Ahax!
His Defense the Same as Dietrich's,
but He Must Serve Time.
DRIGGS IN HARD LUCK.
The new Public Administrator, M.
J. Hynes, • yesterday came into court
with an application for letters of {ad
ministration upon the estate of the
late - Moses G. Cobb. > the attorney.
There were already three such appli
cations on file, one by Attorney A.
Ruef, another by. Rosa Barry, sole
devisee under Cobb's will,, and one by
the attorney of ." Mrs'. Sophia Cobb,
widow of deceased. . •
Four . Applications on File.
his 'client was not a Congressman un
,tll i he " had . actually; jtaken the .oath' of
office,- ; but ' theV prosecuting ;- attorney
maintained' that- he] was a' Congress- 1
man.-' Judge Thomas left it to, the jury,
to decide i whether the term" as* Cbn
gressrnari ;had .actually i begun : at the
time^in question arid the Jury; brought
in a .verdict of guilty. .
MANILA, Jan.; 8.— Ballantine arid
Miller, charged with conspiracy to de
fraud the customs : by furthering the
illegal entry of Vnbh-exempt class of
Chirie.se,' have been acquitted in . the
Customs Court", of ' Appeals : before
Judges Crossfield ' and Roxas. - W. D.
Ballantine was an inspector of customs
at the time of his arrest for. 1 the issu
ance of alleged fraudulent Chinese
certificates arid John" T.~ Miller, j impli
cated with him," .was a former inspec
tor of Immigration.' . "-
llullantlne niul Miller Acquitted.
Then followed the induction into of
fice of the officers of the post by Col
onel C. Mason Klnne, S. V. C. of the.
Grand Army, assisted by D. P. Soner.
These officers are William E. Estees,
commander; John SXMarshall. senior,
and Albert Hancock, junior vice com
mander; J. C. i Bolles, quartermaster;
J. ,G. Crawford, M. D., surgeon; M.
Murphy, chaplain (nineteenth term)
D. P. Soner,- officer of the day; John
Eichner, officer of the guard; C. J.
Hanley, adjutant. After the ceremony
Charles W. .Edelman. the retiring
commander, was presented with a dia
mond shirt stud in token of apprecia
tion of his services. .
During the evening there was a
short programme of music arid song.
Lincoln Post and Lincoln Corps of
the Woman's Relief Corps, Grand
Army of the Republic, were installed
jointly in public in the Pioneer build
ing Thursday night in the presence of
nearly 300 people. With that «allantry
which has always characterized the
old soldiers of the Pioneer Post of
this State, it gave way to the ladies,
that they might be the first to install
their officers. The Installing officer was
Past National President Mrs. E. d'A.
Kinne, assisted by Laura Hirsch as
conductress. The new. officers are:
Mary ' K. Howe, president; Catherine
Barnstead, senior, and Helen I* Han
cock, junior vice president; Mary E.
Ferguson," treasurer;. Jennie Koon,
chaplain; Belle Donnovan, conduc
tress;: Johanna T. Clark, guard; Edith
Eason, assistant conductress; Mary
M. Smith, assistant guard; Ella Cor
bett, Mary Wilsey, Annie O'Connor
and Cora A. Fennon, color bearers;
Mary M. 'Plum, musician; Cora M.
Dibble, secretary; Mary E. Keating,
patriotic instructor; Mrs. K. L. .Byrne,
press correspondent. At the close of
the ceremony Mary A. Parolini, on be
half of the corps, presented Mrs. Em
ma B. Leeds with a handsome pin as
a token of sisterly love and apprecia
tion.
Those Wlio Bear the Xanie of Lincoln
Kccclve Their New
"NEW YORK, Jan. 8.— R. G. Dun &
Co.'g "Weekly Review of Trade to-mor
row will say: Retail trade has been
some,what slow to recover from holiday
dullness, partly because of the bad
weather, which also retarded collections
to some extent. Traffic was impeded
and shipments of merchandise delayed.
On the other, hand low temperatures
stimulated the demand for seasonable
goods, and burdensome stocks in the
hands of dealers were reduced.
Jobbers and manufacturers in those
lines received supplementary orders
and the wool market became firmer In
tone although actual sales did not in
crease materially. Mills and factories
report irregular conditions, some in
dustries opening the new year under
very favorable auspices, while other
branches are extremely auiet.
In the leading manufacturing: Indus-'
try the year opens with quiet conditions
as to demand, but much irregularity in
the matter of wages. Numerous reduc
tions went into effect and several oth
er? are contemplated. During the last
quarter net earnings for "the leading
producers were less than half those of
the corresponding months of ,1902 and
similarly unsatisfactory exhibits were
•made by other concerns. These official
returns Indicate the heavy contraction
in this industry and there was a very
large j decrease in orders on ' hand at
.the opening of the year.
I Failures this week in the United
States are 200, • against 232 last week,
284 the preceding week and 350 in the
corresponding week last year.
Failures * In Canada * number 37,
against 17 • last week, , 22 the preceding
'week and 24 In, the corresponding week
last yaar.
POST AND CORPS
INSTALL OFFICERS
Demand for Seasonable Goods
Improves and Small Dealers
Beducc Tlieir Surplus Stocks
RETAIL TRADE
IS RECOVERING
SAX JOSE. Jan. 8. — Slavlch's restaurant,
one of the largest In town, to-day applied to
the Superior Court for an Injunction to restrain
the Walters' and Cooks' Union from placing
gentries in front of the place of business warn
ing customers to kee:> away. .':.¦
ACCUSED MEN WHO SET UP
SAME DEFENSE WITH OP
POSITE RESULTS. ¦
The annual meeting of the. Semper
virens Club of California' will take
place this afternoon at 2 o'clock in
the conservatory of the Palace Hotel;
The reports of the various officers will
be read, the constitution will be sub
mitted-for approval and adoption arid
the election of officers will follow. An
address, "The Protection of the For
ests," will be delivered by John Mc-
Naught, after which theje will be a
discussion.
Will Discuss the Forest?.
"I would not," said the District At
torney, "ask a Jury to return a verdict
of guilty against a man under any cir
cumstances unless I believed such a
verdict to be in the interest of Justice.".
The court, therefore, on motion of the
District Attorney, entered a nolle,
which cleared the docket of cases"
against Dietrich and Fisher. •
District Attorney Summers said after
court adjourned: "Officially "this office
has nothing to say — the court has set- '
tied the -matter. . If Senator I Dietrich :
wished to secure a vindication through
a trial of the case on its merits he had
an oportunity to do so by not raising
the technical point of whether or not
he was a member of Congress from" the
time of his election to his taking "of the
oath of office."
The District Attorney stated to the
court that the Government had not,
within his knowledge, ever placed a
man on trial on what might be termed
a technical violation of the law. He
said that under the construction placed
upon section 1781 Dietrich had enjoyed
the lease but a short time after he had
become a United States Senator — that
is, after taking the oath. He said that,
although he .had received rentals from
April 24 to December 2, under the
court's construction of the section there
had been no violation of the law.' The
property was deeded to Senator Diet
rich's daughter'shortly after December,
1901.
CLEARS THE DOCKET.
"If Charles H. Dietrich was not a
member of Congress until after Decem
ber 2, 1901 — and the court held that he
was not — then Jacob Fisher cannot be
put upon trial for or on account of
agreeing to pay or paying certain sums
of money to him or performing con
tracts for him during the months from
July to October, 1901, under a contract
made with him as a member of Con
gress whereby Jacob Fisher was to be
appointed postmaster."
The court made the order and then
called up the case against Senator
Dietrich in which he is charged with
holding and enjoying a lease with the
Government while he was a United
States Senator.
Immediately after the verdict was
ordered for the defendant, District At
torney Summers announced that he
wished to enter a nolle in the case of
Jacob Fisher, postmaster at Hastings,
explaining his motion by saying:
OMAHA. Nebr.. Jan. 8.— United
States Senator Charles H. Dietrich and
Jacob Fisher, postmaster at Hastings,
Nebr, were released from custody to
day. Judge Vandeventer, in /he Circuit
Court, instructed the jury to bring in
a verdict of not guilty of the charges
of bribery, 4 etc, and the District At
torney' entered a nolle in the Indict
ments recently returned against them.
Immediately after convening court
this forenoon Judge Vandeventer hand
ed down a decision sustaining the de
murrer interposed by counsel for Sena
tor Dietrich, which had been made on
the ground that Dietrich was not act
ually a member of the Senate when
the alleged bribery took place. The ef
fect of the decision is that a rrian is
not an actual member of Congress after
his election until he shall have taken
the oath at the bar of the House to
which he is elected, and that he is not
amenable to the law as a member of
Congress and an officer of. the United
States Government.
FISHER IXDICT3D3XT NOLLED.
Chief Wittman received a letter a
few days ago from Albert Bornefeld
of Houston, Tex., to the effect that
Bornefeld had received word from
Mrs. Clara Verheyen of Kempen,
Rhenish Prussia, that her mother had
died leaving some 'property and ask
ing him to notify her brother, John
Feld. Bornefeld wrote that Feld left
Houston for San Francisco on Decem
ber 19 and requested the Chief to lo
cate him. Detective Anthony has been
making inquiry for Feld without suc
cess. Feld is a baker, 55 years of age.
Police SetTrch for Fejd.
Officers Are Installed.
The newly elected officers of th«
Widows' and Orphans' Aid Association
of the Police Department were in
stalled yesterday afternoon In Police
Judge Mojran's courtroom. The in
stalling officer was John Rainsbury.
The officers are: President. Sergeant
A. A. Perrin; vice president, Corporal
Harry Cills; treasurer. Sergeant Daniel
A. Sylvester; recording: secretary.
Corporal J. J. O'Meara; financial sec
re tary, Samuel H. Rankin; trustees—
T. C. Murphy. R. Kerrison, T. J. Lar
kin, George M. Gelmann and Sergeant
IT. J. Wright.
SALEM, Or., Jan.. 8.— Through the
alertness of Guard Lute Savage, who
watches the south wall of the State
penitentiary at night, two unknown
men were baffled last night in an at
tempt to scale the stone ramparts of
the prison and place a bundle in the
yard. Savage fired at the men, but
they escaped in the darkness.
About 2 e. m. the moon • /as down far
enough to cast a deep shadow along
the east wall. In making, his regular
patrol along, the top Savage discerned
two men lurbins In the shadow. He
watched them carefully and saw that
they were carrying a bundle about the
size Avhich two or three rifles would
make if wrapped up together.
Savage challenged and' instantly the
men broke out of the shadow and ran
away, carrying their bundle with them.
Before they vanished Savage flred
twice at Jhem with no visible effect.
The shots aroused the other guards and
an investigation disclosed nothing but
the tracks of two men sunk deep across
the field to the county road.
In connection with the recent attempt
to poison the night guards at the pris
on, the visit of the two men last night
is taken as proof that some of the con
victs contemplate a daring escape mod
eled along the lines of the Tracey and
Merrill disaster. The city police have
found that two strangers hired a buggy
late last night and were seen at mid
night near the penitentiary.
Special Dispatch to The Call
All questions connected with the uni
versity* exhibit at St. Louis probably
will be discussed to-day. The space
secured for the university is larger
than that given to the general display
of the school?.
SeeminglyAll the obstacles in the way
of having at the St. -Louis, exposition
a . display representative on a large
scale of the University of California
have been overcome. Commissioner
Filcher has telegraphed from St. Louis
to Professor Robert FuTlong, chief at
the department of the educational
show for California, that he has se
cured a space of 1600 square feet in
total In a very advantageous place for
what the University of California has
to show. Professor Furlong has con
sulted with certain of the committee
of the faculty of the University of
California that was appointed to take
up the matter of making a St. Louis
display and a telegram has been sent
to St. Louis notifying the management
of the exposition that the space will be
accepted.
Professor Furlong went to Berkeley
Friday afternoon to consult with the
university committee. Some of the mem
bers of the committee were absent and
a final meeting has been arranged to
take place at the university to-day.
The position that has been offered
for Ihe use of the University of Cali
fornia is in an alcove and is near ths
general educational display of this
State in the education building. The
dimensions of the floor room are 40x19
feet, with the aisles deducted.
The alcove is at a corner of the edu
cation building. It is not near ths
space, occupied by other universities,
but it has the advantage of giving
California practically a collective exhi
bition in the same building. Visitors
will see not only what sort of educa
tional facilities are afforded by the pub
lic schools and other educational in
stitutions of Jhe State in .the grammar
and high school grades and the tech
nical schools like the Lick and the Wil
merding and the Cogswell and Poly
technic High schools in this city, but
will also be given an idea of the Uni
versity of California by walking only
a Tew steos.
Business failures for the week ending
January 7 number 262, against 209 last
week and 336 in the like week in 1902.
NEW YORK, Jan. S.— Bradstreet's
to-morrow will say: The new year
opens quietly, but with, satisfactory,
features predominating. Cold and
stormy weather has retarded business
and transportation, but in some sect
ion's has stimulated sales of heavy
goods, shoes . and rubbers at retail.
Wholesale business is seasonably quiet
at leading Eastern and Central West
ern markets, but it is worth noting
that the spring demand and shipments
have been good at the Southwest. In
dications show a slight improvement.
Preparations for spring are going for
ward actively and with a good show of
conservative confidence.
War talk has been a stimulus to
many markets, notably those for ce. ;
reals and provisions, but securities and
cotton have been depressed thereby.
• Iron and steel in the cruder forms
have shown steadiness and ar& In bet
ter demand in the more finished forms
in the West.
Lumber, while affected by climatic
conditions ° upon building, is In. active
export demand. The Industrial situa
tion looks rather better, employes
showing a disposition to accept lower
wages:
Wool is steady as a whole, based on
conservative buying: by "manufacturers
who have opened new lines of goods,
but nothing definite la yet to be seen
as to future trade tendencies. ,
The final returns of 1903 are fully as
good as those foreshadowed in earlier
weeks. December, 1903, railway earn
ings indicate a 7 per cent increase over
the excellent returns of 1902.
Wheat, including - flour, exports for
the week ending January 7, aggregate
3,369,323 bushels,, against 2,915,236 bush
els last week and 5,058,951 bushels this
week last year. ;.-•'.;.;¦'
War Talk Stimulates the Markets for
Cereals and Provisions.
Cashier Marcell has been removed
from his home in Highland to the coun
ty jail in Troy, where he is under heavy
guard to prevent possible injury. When
Marcell was arraigned before a Justice
of the Peace he entered a plea of not
guilty to the numerous charges of for
gery, and bail was fixed at $5000 in each
count. He said that he still had faith
in his ability to restore order if he were
permitted to exercise his own judgment.
WHOLESALE BUSINESS QUIET.
There are notes of the face value of
$57,000, one-half of which are , pro
nounced worthless. It is also stated
that a new note for 550,000 has' turned
up in fne hands of the Pioneer Trust
Company of Kansas City.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., Jan. 8.— The latest
revelations of the defalcations in the
Hank of Highland, Kansas, by Cashier
J. E. Marcell show an aggregate loss of
more than $160,000. Of this 567,000 is
on account of deposits made for the
most part by the farmers and stock
raisers of Doniphan County, Kansas.
In the hands of State Bank Examiner
S. C. Crammer is less than $2000, this
sum being the amount of money in. the
bank at the time it was taken in
charge.
OAKLAND, Jan. 8. — In a suit for
divorce filed to-day Salvatore Ferranti,
charges his wife, Guila Ferranti, with
having thrown a clock at him. Fer
ranti says that his wi^ is disappointed
because he has not as much money
as she expected. They were married
last June.
watchers, who swore that penciled bai
liff were illegally counfd for Packard.
Judpe Mahon admitted this evidence
in spite of objections, and finds that
Davis was elected by a majority of
ovght votes. Tibbet "s attorneys an
nounce that the case v.ill be appealed
on the lrg-al questions involved.
HAKERSFIELD. Jan. S.— Superior
Judge Mahon to-day decided the con
:»sied election of Marsha', of Bakers
ft<?!d in favor of the contestant, E. P.
Pavis. At the election last spring the
returns showed that Davis had been
defeated by five votes by the late Mar-
Vhal Packard. The latter was killed in
th« battle with Outlaw MeKinney a
few days before entering upon his term,
and the Trustees appointed Bert M.
Tibbet, the slayer of MeKinney, to the
place. He is ousted by this decision.
Last September some one entered the
.City Clerk's vault and stole all the bal
lots. The burned fragments were found
l>y the roadside east of Kern, where
two men were seen early one morning
i-urning thorn. The thieves were not
recognized and their identity has never
been learned, but the contest instituted
by Davis went into court on the oral
•ustimonv of the election officers and
Lawton secured an option on the
mine of Standart & lIcGlll, and backed
by the banking firm of Douglas. Lacey
& Co. of Xew York City spent last sea
son erecting a complete milling plant
of an estimated 100-ton daily capacity.
Upward of $65,000 actually was spent
on the plant, and it was not completed.
The company recently defaulted' a
$6000 payment on the mine, which un
der the terms of the option forfeits the
entire plant and prior payments of
513,000 to Standart & McGill, who have
again assumed possession. The ma
chinery not in place and other personal
property has been attached by local
creditors for claims aggregating JSO.OOO.
It is alleged that the cause of the fail
ure was extravagant mismanagement.
GREENVILLE, Jan. 8.— The mining
enterprise of the Plumas Gold Mining
Company, inaugurated here by W. D.
Lawton, formerly of Sacramento, has
just reached a disastrous climax.
Deposits Made by Farmers and
Stock Raisers Are Gone and
There Is No Hope of Recovery
Exceeds All That Has Been
Allotted to the General Edu
cational Display of California
.Mystery of the Theft and
- Bcniing of Ballots lias
Not IJeen Thoroughly Solved
Inability to Make Payments
Under Terms of an Option
Is the Cause of Collapse
Officials Believe That the Con
victs at Salem Have N Planned
an Escape From, the Prison
WORTHLESS NOTES FOUND
ALLOWANCE IS GENEROUS
BULLETS FOR INTRUDERS
APPEAL WILL BE TAKEN
BIG PLANT IS FORFEITED
All Obstacles to Haviug In
stitution at Berkeley Rep
resented Are Now Removed
Attempt 3Fade at Night to
Cast a bundle Over a Wall
of the Oregon -Penitentiary
Latest; Revelations of Defal
cations of Cashier Marcell
Show an Enormous Shortage
Bakersfield Judge Declares Man
Who Killed McKinney Is Not
Entitled to the Marshalship
EntuVprise Started in Plunias
Fails After an Expenditure
of Thousands of Dollars
SPACE GRANTED
THE UNIVERSITY
OUTLAW SLAYER
LOSES HIS JOB
MINING MEN
ARE LOSERS
GUARD FIRES
ON PLOTTERS
LOSS TO BANK
GROWS HEAVIER
United States Judge Holds That Nebraska Statesman Cannot
Be Prosecuted, as Alleged Bribery Occurred Before He
Was Sworn In as a Member of Upper House of Congress
SENATOR DIETRICH'S TRIAL
COMES TO SUDDEN ENDING
THE, SAN FRANCISCO CAIX;^ SATURDAY. •JANUARY 9, 1904.
5
¦BSSQEBHBBBBEE_S-BBEBaBB&BBHBBQZBBflBBflBE_!BffBI
B
I A View of the Great St Louis Exposition From Yonr Armchair
a
a
I ...ST. LOUIS...
d I
d :
d •
| IN BEAUTIFUL COLORS
-a 1 1
I PRESERVE THIS SERIES TO BE BOUND IN PORTFOLIO FORM
U
a ___________
a ¦ ¦ .
£3 Greater San Francisco's Greatest Daily scores
p again with an entirely new Sunday feature.
9 Ky an exclusive arrangement, secured at an enor-
_• motis cost, THE SU.VDAY CALL, will be the first to -
O ' issue the WORLD'S FAIR OFFICIAL ART SERIES.
¦JE3 rvprodnetions in color of the gronnd^ and buddings
.S3 of the Louisiana Purchase Exposition. ¦¦» '.-,
.gr __ _ __^ ______ T: _~ -^ -V '„.-•, .' ' Z '\
*•¦*'. e ' r ' ' ;' ¦ . ' ' l '- **V* <r ¦ , , * ' ¦ ¦¦¦ . ..¦¦:¦¦ .'' .- '¦ -¦"¦ ¦- ¦ ¦. ¦ ¦:<¦"' * ¦*. :¦¦:.¦.,*
¦ •— * '•'-.'¦' • . ¦¦" . . . . ''¦;*"**' -"" : ' 1<i J*]t'' -¦ ' " ' ' ' " . .-¦_"¦"¦".•¦.-—¦...¦..¦. -.._•¦¦- ¦_¦>'¦-¦:.-:¦•: - ;..¦:" 1
™ '"-'.'.' ". ';''¦-' ¦¦ . .' '-.- ;• " ; " v* ' ¦¦"¦ ¦¦¦¦•¦¦: ' f \ ¦¦¦ ¦ ¦ •¦:¦¦¦ t
a! ¦ ' - o\ > ¦'- ' ' : !
.! ! :- ¦ V\ -ir T " - i
a
Bl 31ACHIXERV IL\LI>.
B
a ] — j : 1 —
g THE FIRST OF THIS SERIES WILL BE ISSUED
1 SUNDAY, JANUARYv31st
n ' — ' —
Tlie original of that Sunday's Art Supplement is
2 the first artistic reproduction sliowinjr the architec-
•,Qg tural beauty of the Ivory City, and is selected as one
Q of the best of the many views submitted, it being the
81 . object to combine In a limited series the most Import-
's ant and Interesting: features of the St. Louis World's
¦ Fair. *;\ :
¦ The Palace of Machinery, representing power,
13 force, in reality the pivot on which this immense ex-
¦j£ hibition revolves, is the inaugural issue of what will
I? doubtless prove the most interesting series that was '
r^ ever giren free by a publication.
G v^ ',, main entrance to thLs building' shows a triple
;jj[ arcade, with large pavilion In the center. The north
front, which is thirteen hundred feet in length, has an
II . « arcade of nine arches as a center feature.
E9 Following the classical in architectural effect, '
\ — there are found several beautiful examples of the Ital-
• g Ltn and Spanish Renaissance styles. The brilliancy of
¦ rolor, the realistic scene, xvith the moving crowds of
g cightseers, give variety and animation to the pictnre.
IS Nothing is so universally attractive as power. Men.
j* animals and natnre are most fascinated when, by
Yj. its exercise, they demonstrate possession of . extraor-
u dinary power. Admiration for might and the desire
B to *pc it In evidence, to feel il and sense it, to remeni-
? ber it and to tell of it, are instinctive factors with
.i! men, women and children. This is the keynote to the
*jj* eollection and arrangement of the exhibits in th'e Ma-
-H ehinery Department— Power. Here are shown the
£ methods and means for creating every variety of ma-
gi ehinery for the generation, transmission and use of ¦'¦ -
B power.
Forty thousand horses harnessed together and
f- pulling with one mighty concentrated effort convey
— I" the idea of the total power which makes the wheels
E3 . £»f this World's Fair go round. The engines, con-
D densers,* pump?, moving maclilnery and accessories
K matins up the power plant, which is the largest ever
— shown at an exhibit, are installed on the main floor
~ of Machinery Iia" and occupy the entire westerly half
£ of that bcildins — an area of „ something over 200,000
t- 5 square feet, or about the size of an ordinary city
g^ block. . ¦'• '
fc There will doubtless be an unprecedented demand
h for this SERIES. Nearly every one will want to pre-
n serve them to be bound in PORTFOLIO FORM.
? Make certain of your getting the full set by giving
B an advance order.
| I THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
g GREATER SAN FRANCISCO'S GREATEST PAPER
¦-• J : : -. . __
B ALI/ TRAIN NEWSBOYS AXD'.ALTj XEWS
e deali:rs sell the call.
ElICCBaSEaE53EBEidBBE3BB5HKBKHQEHB3BBBBBBaaHBHHHI
REGAL SHOES.
]y[any a man would like to wear
. Regals but he is ashamed to pay
so little as $3.50 for a pair of shoes.
Ashamed to take so much for so
little?
Bless you, no. He's got a sort of semi-suppressed
notion that he can't be really " swell " unless he pays from
$5 to $14 for his shoes. Now, if he would ask the sleep-
ing car porters, he*would discover that a large proportion
of those who ride in -Pullmans,, walk in Regals. And he
may be astonished to learn that a clear majority of the
officers in the American Army and Navy are now
wearing Regals.* '
The trouble is that people get the idea that because
the Regal sells at $3.50 it is a " $3.50 shoe." 'Tisn't In
everything but price it is a $6 shoe— a fact which \we are
prepared to demonstrate by a comparison of style, fit,
finish, and . leather.qualities.
Them are 6O ItrgAl iloira, "JO of them in Grcatrr X«w Tori, —her* th* ilji—
-orijjinato. The nrnr ntjrln aro on sale at oar San Franc! »<•<> store at the Mnwtt_t
as in the Xew York store*. ., . • t
San Francisco Store,, Cor. Geary and Stockton Sts:Alum - Hock- Hotel Company Formed.
BAN JOSE, "Jan. 8.— Coleman B. Hol
lo way and H. J. Brewster of Boston,
Mass., Marshall .B. Woodworth, J. S.
Parry... Charles. Smith and Arthur Gru
nenberg cf San Francisco p.nd B. A.
Jlerrington of San Jose are. directors of
the. Alum Rock Hotel Company, arti
cles of, incorporation of which were filed
here tp-day. Tho capital stock is $200,
000.. with $100,000 subscribed.
Peter J. Curtis, the newly " elected
Sheriff, took office yesterday morning.
In company with ex-Sheriff Lackmann
•he visited the- Broadway jail, and after
making a v careful inspection of the
place .and a count of the prisoners he
gave a receipt for them: One of Sheriff
Curtis' deputies . visited the Branch
County. Jail and .after a. careful count
cf the prisoners lodged there he tele
phoned to his superior, and another re
ceipt was given Sheriff Lackmann. The
latter Hhen wished his successor good
luck and* departed.
Sig," Simon, who for many years has
acted as head bookkeeper, is retained.
Otto Lemclje, bailiff in Judge Graham's
court,* also holds his position. J. D. Mc-
Carthy,' Edward Greene and Thomas
.Whelan are temporarily holding their
positions. .
SHERIFF ¦ RETAINS SOME.
Farnham -yesterday secured an order
directing Hynes to appear before Judge
Murasky to.show cause why his ccrtiTi
c-ilo cf Section should rot be 'i'jcliired
vcid. The • injunction asked -for
Furnham was refused him by Juug- 1
Murasky; •. : U. \ . .
District Attorney Byington, who was
re-elected, announced that he did not"
purpose making any changes In his
staff at the present time. He did not
know what the future might necessi
tate In that direction. : ..
The first legal tilt between the retir
ing Public Administrator, John Farn
ham, and his successor, "MV/J. Hynes,
took place in Judge Sloss' court yester
day at the hearing of a number of
applications ' for letters of administra
tion upon estates. Carleton' M. Greene,
Farnham's attorney, opposed the grant
ing of the petitions of Cullinan &
Hickey, Hynes' attorneys, on the
ground that they did not take office un
til ribon, and therefore their applica
tions were premature. Hynes' attor
neys won the fight, the court deciding
that their client became Public Admin
istrator one second after midnight on
the night of January 7.
IIYXKS W1XS FIRST BATTL.K.
Ccnlon, police court blerk*: A. Houston, insane
department; T. F. O'Neill, naturalizution de
partment. • ¦ •
Judge James G. Maguire eulogized
the memory of Andrew Jackson before
the members of the Iroquoris Club last
evening. His address was singularly
apropos, as yesterday was the anni
versary of the battle of New Orleans,
in which Jackson took a leading part.
Judge Maguire reviewed the political
and military achievements ot Andrew
Jackson, and also recited a poem de
scriptive of the battle of New Orteans,
said to have been written by a private
soldier that took part in the conflict.
He also took up a discussion of the
controversy 'between certain ' Senatora
and President Jackson on the latter'a
interpretation of the constitution.
"Jackson's Interpretation of the-con
stitution was challenged by certain of
the Senators and he was severely criti
cized," said the speaker, "because his
construction was not In accord with
that of the Jurists of the country and
some of the decisions of the United
States Supreme Court- Jackson- de
clared that he was sworn to uphold
and enforce the constitution o£ the
United States, not according to the
construction to be put upon It by other
men. but according to his own consci
entious construction of the instrument
itself.
"He further said that that power and
duty had been deeded to him by, the
people. Jackson was defamed and ridi
culed for the position he took, but ad
hered to It, and it was not long before
the jurists and law writers of the coun
try admitted that his position and the
ory in the matter were unimpeachable."
The address was listened to with deep
Interest by the . members and greatly
enjoyed. . .
Previous to it ex-Sachem Max Pop
per Installed the following officers:
Sachem, William H. Kline; senior saga
more. William J. Locke; corresponding
secretary, A. D. Bradford; recording
secretary, E. R. Zion: treasurer. Wil
liam Asmussen; trustees— William J.
Bryant. L. V. Merle, M. C. Hassett.
J. I. Marks, James- Creegan. S. S. Bay
ley and Louis Metzger.
During the evening the Iroquois
Quartet, composed of J.' Daviea. Fred
Scanlan. James E. Donohue and Rob
ert Davis, sang many songs. Refresh
ments were served between sonss.
At a meeting of the Board of Park
Commissioners held in the lodge, Gold
en Gate Park, yesterday afternoon Wil
liam J. Dingee,. who was recently ap
pointed to succeed Jasper McDonald,
presented his credentials and tool: his
chair. .
~A. B. Spreckels was re-elected presi
dent of the commission. Commissioner
Altman spoke of the excellent services
rendered by the president during the
last year. Commissioner. Lloyd in
dorsed the sentiments expressed by Mr.
Altman. The 'motion to re-elect was
put by Mr. Lloyd" and. carried by the
votes of Commissioners. Sullivan. Dln
.gee, Altman and Lloyd. Mr. Spreckels
thanked his associates for the compli
ment. .
John McLaren was reappointed su
perintendent of parks and public
squares, tcr serve at the pleasure of
the board. James.de Succa was reap
pointed secretary at the pleasure of
the board. A motion to retain the pres
ent force of clerks and attaches pre
vailed. »
The right of the Board of Supervisors
to lease certain premises bounded by
Channel, Hooper, Irwin and Hudson
streets was questioned. A communica
tion from Franklin K. Lane was read,
in which the statement was made that
the lots were designated as a market
place and that the Supervisors -had al
ways assumed control of the property.
Commissioners Lloyd and Sullivan
maintained that the land in question
was dedicated to the people for park
purposes. It was resolved to place the
matter before the new* City Attorney.
Percy V. Lone, and a letter to that
officer of the city was dictated to the
secretary of the commission. It is be
lieved that the maps and ordinances
will \ show that the property ¦ was re
served far park uses.
A lease of the land granted by the
Board of Supervisors to a lumber com
pany expires to-day, and a proposition
is pending. to lease the lots to the Bay
Shore Railroad Company.
The expense of the children's quar
ters for the month of December exceed
ed the income by $184 89. TLe receipts
at the Japanese tea garden .were $51 70
less than the expenses. In other than
winter months • the garden ar.d the
children's playgrounds return a consid
erable profit. ¦ ¦- •
Japanese stone, lanterns, such as are
used in the temples and gardens of
Japan. ¦wlll-sopn.be placed In the park.
The Pacific, Mail Company: remitted
freight, charges on a recent consign
ment. , The Commissioners, adopted a
TEsolutipn-extejiding.sa vote;of- thanks to
•Alexander Center. ( » • ••_ : ¦•; « >'* •••»? ic *¦ !
. : ..,The.r«ques^of Governor, Pardeo4hat
the- • Park. . Commissioners authorise
John McLaren to visit Sacramento and
assist In laying out the grounds, of Sut
ters Fort was -granted. -. . ......
Commissioner Altaian reported many
donations- to ; the Memorial Museum.
The list .embraces the jor ... to Dick
Turpin's bid quarters . in Newgate,
which; M. H. de Y6*ung procured. Wood
carvings from China and Japan, temple
relics, embroidered banners, gilded pan
els, etc., are. contained In a collection
reported by Mr. de Young. -
Seeds and plants for the botanical
gardens having been received, the su
perintendent was directed to prepare
the sround for the planting.
The superintendent was also directed
to submit to the commission names to
designate the "various "avenues and
walks in Golden Gate Park.
Commissioner Lloyd submitted for
discussion an ordinance designating the
route and regulating the speed of auto
mobiles In Golden Gate Park. The or
der will come up for further considera
tion at the next meeting, of the board.
It may be then amended or passed to
print without amendment. The first
section of the proposed ordinance fol
lows:
"Section No. 1. No horseless carriage,
motor wagon or automobile or motor
bicycle shall enter or go upon any ave
nue, driveway or part of any park or
square in the city, and county of San
Francisco, except the driveway . in
Golden Gate Park commencing at the
entrance known as Waller-street en-
trance to said park, and terminating at
the exit on the great highway (which
latter is sometimes .called the Ocean
boulevard), \vhich driveway is known
as the south' drive in Golden Gate Park,
and'aiso 'oil -'and -upon -what i3 known
in 'Golden G&t& Park *as» the central or
ove'rfoofir'drive " in ;said park, an* also
on and- upon the said great highway
commencing where the northerly 4lne
of Fulton street, if projected westerly,
would intersect said great highway,
thence southerly from said lln,e to the
southerly end of said great highway.
Only such vehicles as are exclusively
used for pleasure shall be permitted
upon said drives and highways."
Section 2 regulates the speed cm the
south drive, limiting the pace to ten
miles an hour. On the great highway
the speed must not exceed six miles an
hour. It is provided that mufflers shall
be used and every precaution taken to
prevent unnecessary noise. • ,
- The third section provldesf that. any
person violating. the provisions of the
ordinance shall be deemed guilty of a
misdemeanor and shall be punishable
by imprisonment not exceeding six
months or by a fine not exceeding $500
nor less than $50.
The proposition to allow automobiles
to travel on what is known ag the
overlook drive caused debate. Mr.
Lloyd said the privilege was especially
desired In order that strangers visiting
the park In automobiles - might get a
fair view of the surroundings, .'f,, ; ;,
* It was the sense of the commission
that the automobile had come to stay,
and that those using* carriages of this
fashion should enjoy such facilities as
could be safelv extended, but. that tha
important fact should always be- con
sidered that the park was created for
the people and not for a wealthy class.
Truckman George ' BrinkerhbflT of
Truck; Company 1, failing: to .appear
a'vl answer forrppl charges of. remain
ing away from duty without'permis
sion, was - ordered dropped from the
rolls. ¦ .. ••! ' V. ''
C. .Gill of Engine Company 16 and
H. Powers of Engine Company 14 were
both deprived of pay for fifteen days
for vioiat'ons of rules. . : ¦•
Hoseman T. Titus cf Engine Com
pany 17 was tried on a charge of leav
ing duty ,ind remaining away there
from, without permission. As Titus'
financial aftairs are badly tang-led up
v.iih brokers the judgment was held
in abeyance until the money brokers
are heard from.
William Glcoson was appointed tem
porarily as machinist at the corpora
tion yard. The Chtef Iviigineer recom
mended that a new eight-inch main be
lMd oh Willard street, from Parnassus
avenue to Carl street, and a hydrant
be placed on the northeast corner of
Carl and Willard Ftreets.
Two ojd.' unsafe and useless C&gfn£3J
and also one • oM hook : atid ladder t
truck were ordered" 'cohdemned, dls-d
mantled and sold. It was annouueed']
that an examination for eigineers of-'
engines will be" held by the CJivil Ser-.j
vi<-e Commission soon.,. . - ;
At the request of Commissioner
Parry Mr. Watt was invited to the
president's chair as a compliment to
him on his retirement. As soon as
the commission was called to order
Mr. Watt aroi»e and presented the
credentials ot the new member of the
board for the four-year term. Com
missioner Watt wished him and all the
other members success and spoke of
the efforts of the first bo^rd under the
new charter in organizing the depart
ment on a paid basis according to the
charter and was glad to say on retir
ing from the board now that it is the
general opinion that the San Francisco
Fire Department is excelled by nonj
and that the officers thereof, from
Chief Engineer Dl T. Sullivan down,
are second to none in their handling
of the department and men.
Chief Sullivan felt very much in
debted to the retiring Commissioner
for his high opinion of the' department
and hoped* that his confidence would
never be inisplaced, as it/was_ his one
ambition to keep the Fire. Department -\
fully up to its present standard of per-,
fection. . _ , ... •
With, the^e .iil.fS^t,Vf.^^DEpp J Jj.ments'
exchanged th'S-^fommissioners settled'
down to roujine ,uork( with Cofrnmis- i
sioner Boyng.jatvayiytyig 4h© spat made]
vacant by the retiring:. Commissioner.;'
; The Board of Fire 1 "Colrrmissioners
¦held its regular 'u-oekly*'iheet(«g -yeS-'.
trrtJay. Chairman Barrett, who is
traveling in the East on leave of ab
sence, was the only Commissioner ab
sent. The new Commissioner, Joseph
G. Boyne, was on hand to take the
place made vacant by the retirement
of Rolla V. Watt, whose term of four
years expired. Mr. Boyne, who t is a
Native Son, is thoroughly conversant
the history and needs of the Fire
Department and will make a valuable
member of the board.
WATT IS SCGOEEDED.^
There was no ceremony in* the Re
corder's office/Edmund Godchaux hav
ing'beeti re-elected; GSdcfiaux "appoint
ed his old, force i with the" ; exception of
Cppy|sts~WiinahT:M:* PaigiTahd George
T. Daly, -who have | other j in
view. John J. Ford is /the only^, new
name among the following "appointe.es:
< Cblpf < deputy, -r Oiarles : it/i Stoltzj: deputies,'
Max Warshauer. Charlee 0'M. Coagrave; Index
GODCHAUX NAMES DEPUTUSS.
City Attorney-elect Long, with his
force of deputies, gathered in the City
Attorney's office at 10 -o'clock. They
were welcomed in a felicitous speech by
the retiring City Attorney, Franklin K.
Larie. Long introduced his deputies,
John S. Patridge.W. I. Brobeck, John
P. Coghlan, Luther Elkins, John T.
Nourse, Clerk W. H. Smith Jr., Mes
senger John Williams and Stenographer
Miss Etta Block (reappointed).
., After congratulations'; had ended •re-
JEresbmentg were served and the health
Of. JJhe incoming and retiring officials
was drunk. ' . ... •
The Civil Service Commission also
met and the new appointee, Charles J.
Williams, took his seat. The commis
sion reorganized by re-electing Com
missioner John Rogers as president. No
changes were made in the office force,
all members- of which are under civil
service.
The Board of Education will meet
this morning at 11:30 o'clock, when
School Directors Lawrence" F. Walsh
and Thomas Boyle will take their seats.
Director Roncovieri will be * elected
"president of the board, Walsh on the
supplies committee, Boyle on _the build-*
ing committee -and Mark' on the* high
school committee. - J-
John G. Fitzgerald seems to have the
inside track for appointment as store
keeper of the board, vice Thomas^Egan,
promoted to gas inspector.
* LONG TAKES OFFICE.
Before the meeting adjourned C. E.
Grunsky, City Engineer, asked leave
of the board to expression behalf of
his fellow employes, the high esteem
in which they held Marsdon Manson.
The -board then adjourned to meet
next week.
The Board .of Election Commissioners
held a meeting at . noon and the new
Commissioners— James A. Devoto,
Thomas McGuire and E. C Leffingwell
— were inducted into office. ¦ The board
immediately reorganized by the election
of Commissioner R. W. Roberts as
president for a term of one year.
ROGERS FOR PRESIDENT.
Mr. Woodward presented his com
mission and Commissioner Manson
moved, that it be received and spread
on the . minutes; • Commissioner. Man;
son withdrew and in doing so; ex
pressed hi3 kindly' feelings toward the
officers "and employes of the board.' He
£ai<5 he ' V'ijuld ever rpmei?\ber Jh^ir
'kindnesses arid many courtesies.
r .¦'Cpmmfs^oner' Casey then announced
that his term as president of the board
had expired and the election of a
president was in order. Commissioner
Woodyvard. nominated Herbert .*.- L.
Schmitz and he . was elected without
opposition. In taking the head of the
table Commissicmer Schmitz expressed
his thanks for the high honor accord
ed him. In' surrendering the gavel
Commissioner Casey said he would al
ways do everything in his power to
assist his fellow members in the'dis
charge of their duties.
The board then, appointed Morris
Levy secretary. Thomas Egan, store
keeper of the Board of Education, was
appointed gas and water inspector,
vice Oti3 M. Tup,per.
II. S. ¦ iSyron was deposed as head
janitor and Joseph Bellett was ap
pointed in his stead. William Mind
ham was appointed his assistant in
place of John O'Brien, removed. Wil
liam Sawyer was removed as head
janitor of the Hall of Justice and Jo
seph H. Spohn appointed. .
It was long after the hour set for
its meeting that the Board of. Public
Works came together yesterday after
noon. There was an interested crowd
of spectators present and, the proceed
ings of the board -were keenly
watched, for it was known that ' the
distribution of patronage would begin
at once.-. • .
• President Michael Casey called the
meeting to order.: Seated at the table
¦were Commissioners Marsdon Manson
and Herbert L.. Schmitz and Thomas
P. Woodward, the new Commissioner.
Nicholas Jortall, the outgoing, secre
tary of the board, and W. Chester
Keogh, ; the stenographer, were also
present. " ( : '
After filing their official bonds, and
taking their oaths of office before
Deputy County Clerk Edward J. Casey,
the new Commissioners were handed
their commissions by the Mayor, who
urged them to.perform their duties in
a faithful manner. After these .pre
liminaries had been settled the Com
missioners retired, some of them to as
sume their duties at once, while others
will do so to-day.
BOARD OF WORKS MEETS.
The' newly appointed members of
the various municipal boards and com
missions gathered in Mayor Schmitz's
office yesterday morning to receive
"their, commissions and to qualify for
'the offices for which they .had been
selected.- .They .included
sioner of Public Works Thomas P.
Woodward, Civil Service Commissioner
Charles J. Williams, Police Commis
sioner Thomas Reagan, Fire Commis
sioner J. G. Boyne, School Directors
Lawrence F. Wal'sh and Thomas : F.
Boyle, Park Commissioners William
J. Dlngee and Adolph B. Spreckels,
Election Commissioners James A. De»
voto, Thomas McGuire and E. C. Lef
fingwell and Drs. AV. A. Harvey and
John V- Hughes, members of the
Board of Health.
.'There will be a complete reorganiza
tion of the. City and County Hospital.
A w,ard£njw.iU be appointed as supreme
headt of, the institution who, will .be re
sponsible..directly^ to tho .Board .-of
Healths Jt^ is. possible, that Elbert -will
b^/.^on.thJ.^^pla.cei.ancl'; the. office , of
auperintendeiit.a^oiished. .,.» ., . ,.. .,
M It has been" decided to create. 'the po
sltion..of deputy health officer and the
place, will go to a layman who.has not
been n.ajnjed. . . ' , ... _
,,T^v6; district, health offlcers.wil^ be
appointed. Dr. J. F. r Dillon' will get
one of the places and it is possible
that Dr. A. S. Adler will get the other.
Several inspecting physic'ans will also
.be appointed. ... - ; ,
., Charles C. Bucher, the present ef
ficient chief steward of the Central
Emergency. Hospital, will retain. his
position after a personal inquiry made
by Mayor Schmitz, who *ays that it
will be for the best interests of the
city to keep Bucher where he is. .
.'"Jame|s^A;'*> -Emery, jsoeretary of the
Boar<jrof;Health;^ ddomea to lose his
po'sitlbn^t . being i ;^he ' irt^ntibn? df the
new Brt^ixd f-of ; Health Ao abol ish . the
secrietarys^ilp^" of jiie [hitata. Th'ifi will
be^easilyracc'oinpliihed.yaa,, the charter
makes, rib .provision for 1 a secretary
tjf- the rb'bdy. -named'. ,* .
...The -groun'd for? Emery ! s ' removal
will ;bj|.;bjage4'_- on /he theory .that the
secretary.'js' dyties /can"' be
by t'het Health Officer^ in addition to
his oivji;'-v Emery is regarded as hav
ing.be^n^too zealous in the service of
the "bubonic"' Health Board and that
is the lineal reason for his projected
removal. His removal will mean a
saving of $2100 yearly lo the city."
The ousting of Emery will be pre
liminary to the abolishment of a num
ber of other positions in the Health
Department, which is to be reorganiz
ed along lines of the recommendations
made by Mayor Schmitz in his mes
sage on the municipal budget last
year, when his Honor vetoed certain
appropriations for salaries. This will
result in' the loss of positions among
the clerical force in the main office,
among certain inspectors and in other
branches of the department.
The 'wielding of the ax wjll proba
bly begin to-day at .10 o'clock, when
the Board of Health will meet to in
duct Drs. Harvey ' and Hughes, the
newly appointed members, into of
.flce. Dr. Ward will be elected presi
dent of the board and the changes to
be- made among the subordinates,
which have been noted in The Call
from' time to time, will be carried
out. . These will be as follows:
Health Officer-— Dr.- Denia F. Rea
gan. .
Chief surgeon of the Emergency
hospitals — Dr." G. F. Brackett."
City Physician— : Dr. T. A. Rottanzi.
Superintendent of the Alm3house^ —
Frank A. Schmitz.
Matron' of' the Almshouse^-Mrs.
Frank At Schmitz.
Superintendent City and County
Hospital— John N. Elbert.
ST. PETERSBURG. Jan.- 8;—Tele
grams sent from Kishenev by' leading
Jews yesterday evening did not contain
the slightest indication of a panic there,
as reported in, the sensational news-,
papers in the United Statee, yesterday,
and nothing lias be.cn heard on; the
subject elsewhere. ....:,.'.,, .,..;.--V"/-- ;,.. •»-.••.
it-, was ??ejni-onl(^(}ruy l^rin-bunce.d.: tQ-_.
day that all is quiet at Kfshenev. The
military pplice forces tHere' have
been increased ; for^the,^yri>o«e. naf.pro
tection, but this" is. 1 uruaj-. in."lbe";jK^ise'
Of all holidays. ' •*•-/ *.-t,.v."
Mayor Schmitz Gives His
New Appointees Their
- .. Commissions. .
;;"Thers*"must be harmony: be
f*veen this board and the other city
departments,"^, said Brandenstein. "I
bone thfs will b» a harmonious admin
istration, ali working for the good of
jtjeJctty.v ' . ;
Supervisor Brandenstein delivered an
impassijned. speech; in .which he as
sured* ihe members^ of. the opposite po
litical-faith-that he and his colleagues
would cp-tiperate in working for the
best -interests, of the party.- . n -.
u The Bpard. of Supervisors met in the
afternoon "with the re-elected members
—George . Alpers. James P. Booth,
CharteS^Bpxton,' Fred Bent,- Henry' iu.
Brandenstein, Samuel Brduhhart, *tA.
Comte Jr., John Cc-nndr, AT A. d'An
con^-Krederick ,Eggeis, George B. Mc
v ClelIjm,^ienry"Payot and H.,L..AB.ea—
Snd tiie^ewly eleicted'^nembers ;«0^jar
"Kpcks. » JF3d ward Jlock,. ,W. W. si'rider
fsoni^atf^' Tttbn^l^ ¥ft ji' present: %;T$iie
Superfisors .tlfaft r retired I rorSri4)ffice,
havlngtalfed" of*ire^elecilon^v|'re R&b
ert.-J. L<? wghery , ) JHora^e'V.Wi teon, John
: Peter Curf is,
Ijft'n^.Wa^eJeeted Sheriff, also retired:
v Mayor Schmitz presided, " and a^n
iiouncC&r tHat'-"he would^^hol 'be ready
.with his annual message until next
ifwMy!' -"After the roll was- called the
retiring?, members conducted thei.r^suc
cessors, to their seats. Hocks' chair and
desk were decorated with fldVers by his
friends ifi the Turner Schuetzen Verein,
and an immense floral horseshoe was
sent to SupervisorvFin.. marked with
the legend, "Good luck, Tom."
The board by resolution resolved it
self into the following egmrnittees, the
first named Supervisor being the.chair
man in- each case: . -
Finaace-^Brandenstein; D' Ancona, Payot.
Fit*— H«x-ks, Alpeir, L"jhst€dt. -•;
llcfpltaJ — Payot;- D'Ancona, Alpers. .
Judiciary^-Comte, Drandpnstein. - Booth.
License~nnd Orders — McClellan, Finn, Rea.
Outside I>ands — K«sers, Paj-ot, Comte.
Police — Boxron. Eggers. Z McCJellan.
Printing and Salaries— Booth. Bent, Sander
son. . '."•
Public' Euildiniis — Rea. Braunhart, Connor.
PubU<J litilit.ies^'Braunhart, Korton, Connor,
D'Ancona. Mx-Clellan. Hocks, Bent.
Rtr«-ets — Conoor, Braunhirt, nock.
\Valer Rates— i>' Ancona. -Oujnte, Boxton.
Whan-offr^- Payot. SanJ«json. Hocks,
' Artificial . Lights— Sanderson, McClellan,
Finn. . I ¦ >, ¦
Charities 'and Correction— Finn. Epgers, R»a.
<"harter Amendments — Bent, Braunhart, Con
nor. 4
Civl! Service — Aloerp, Lunstedt, Branden
stein. • .
Education — Lunstedt. Booth, Rock,
Electricity (new committee) — Bggers Rock
Finn. . - .. • • • .
Equalization— Rock, "Hocks, Lunstedt.
The board began its official business
by adopting a resolution formally as
signing formtr Justice of the Peace
Long's courtroom to Walter E. Dorn,
the board's appointee, who ousted Isi
dore Golden, the Governor's appointee,
bodily therefrom last Mtmday. Rea
opposed the passage of the resolution,
Effgers wanted it referred to the Build
ing Committee, which introduced it,
and Mayor* Schmitz could see no rea
sanfor . its. raKsage.remar.king: ' : .
f '.@i not th^^Peateic;6lrle J ri.. or
¦:D6f^i' Isj^lhe te^'-appoirU^e.' u ,f ? •
" The r^plut?<fj^*wpt4; p.!issedbV the fol
* A^-J@fh^ift'xt^ BjSifeh-"rV. Cofiite.
ronnpc^^p'-AnconaJ nTorks. i 7\tjL'Mellan'.T Payot,
Rwk;*Brii'hdenst«lrt."~ifalitlerf"6h— Ji"' .*. - :
SQM-^kljpjL ftejfaf^firr*, R5m**-Lunst«yt;,
T^i^jn^i^mn^^'tp^'iMaybr. the
retiring- Supervisors 'L'oug'hef y,-. ; L.yneh.
V.'a^h .and . Qurtls .and t,he .new Sup'er
visdr^j.url.s.tedv'Hof ks, Finn, gander
son and Rock— made brief addresses in
which mutual congratulations were in
idulged .in. . .. Vj
!',. Ex-Super\"isor Thomas P. Jennings
|«poke of' Jite forrh*T' pleasant associa
j tions on thp board.
Secretary Enlerv of -Health
|: iBoardJs^i^ed'fo^.
A-. " v
E. J. Casey and E. S. Hawley, probate de
partment; A. 8. Levy and " George W. Lee,
Jud«metat' department; F. R. Danforth, marriage
license -department; . J. . Brander. . cashier;
Joaeph RJordan, C. C. Morris,' filing desk cf
g-«neral - rtepnrtmen t. - Courtroom clerks— Frank
Grimes .(Judge* Seawell), - department No. 1;
John F.' Ahearn' (Judge Murasky), . department
No. 2;"J. ; BT (Judge Kerrigan),'depart
ment No. -3; R.t H.. Fitzgerald (Judge Hebbard),
department No, 4; A.'A. Wataon (Judge Hunt),
department No. 5; L. N. Jacobs (Judge Dunne),
department ' No.^<J;': Charles • E. -Corey i (Judge
Qrahajii), , department ;No: .7; ¦ J. 7 R.;. McElroy
(Judge SJoss), department No. 8; John F. Boyle
(Judge ' Coffey ). department • No. . 9 ; W. .'J.' Ken
nedy iJudjte .Troutt); department: No.- 10; J. B.
Martin (Judge ~ Lawler),r department No. • H;
Georgj F., Wells ; (Judge Cook), department No.
12; John P. Rice, P. J. Gray, A. DuKee and B.
" The following are the names of the
men sworn in as deputies,- clerks and
assistants in the office of County Clerk
Greif:
.William A. Dsane, chief deputy; James R.
McElroy, F. R. Danforth. i Peter -A. . Letch,
Charles C. Morris. P. J.. Gray, H. W. Fras?r,
Nicholas Grant. Eugene B. Cohn, Beorg* A.
Manton, R. P.-D«fnlnfcs,>.- B. UeUly. John : P.
Rice, Charles R. liurUe, J. C. Flood, (Seorge
KrlmphofT, Daniel J. Crane, William J. Honey,
Geon?e F. Wellft Dorsan Nichols, Thomas ;C.
Maher. Bernard L. Conlon. A. Houston, George
TO Lee. Thomas F. O # Nell. A. A. TVatson,
Franlt Crimea, Conrad W. Ungenfelser, A. S.
L«vy, Anthony .V. ' QalURher, Louis Claveloux,
W. Ji Kennedy, Charles E. Corey, Jcseph Uior
dan, A. J. Brandfcr, 1 Alpheus Duffeo, John j.
Boyle. K It.' Jacob*. E.' S. Hawley, J. B. Mar
tin, •¦' Maurice M.- Bushway, W. W. "Whan,
ThqmAS L. X)pran, R. H.. Fitzgerald, J. B. Jes
scrun, Joseph F. Whelan, 1 John F. ' Ahearn. ¦
The. following are" the principal as
signments: \T.*
DEPUTIES SWORN IX.
J. J. Groom, : who was 'appointed by
Greif to serve in: one" of the courtrooms
at the Hall of Justice, had his appoint
ment revoked by Greif early yesterday
morning. « Complaint had been made
to Greif that Groom had' been con
nected^with i recent bail money scan
dal and the County ' Clerk" promptly
notified ; him' that his services were not
needed. George Wells" was appointed
In his place. .' The appointment" of
Copyist Halsey,' who' was on Greif 'a
briglha'l list," was; also revoked; ;•
One of Mahony's last acts as County
Clerk will proves a source of. expense
to the city. Late Thursday night he
visited his office for the purpose of fil
ing the suit for the injunction denied
him by the three Superior Judges/ He
ha^a no keys with which to 'secure an
entrance and got In with' the aid of a
monkey-wrench. • He borrowed the
wrench from a 'nearby resort and sent
it crashing through a large glass door
and then reached through the aperture
and unlocked it. It was rumored for
a time yesterday that While "filing the
document he had- taken advantage of
his opportunity to take from the of
fice a number of cash books and other
paraphernalia of the office, but this
was found to be untrue; At least it
was declared untrue by County Clerk
Greif. Chief Deputy Deane and Regis
trar Clerk E. Jk Casey," each of whom
said they had made an • exhaustive
search of the office and found no evi
dence that any book's" had been taken.
It was expected that Mahony. would
make some' sort, of art attempt to pre
vent Greif taking, the 'office,' but the
retiring County Clerk . disappointed
every one.-.*.': He simply stood. around
and wafcherf- the tn'en who "had served
'under hirri anij Hyhp had; hot 'been re
appointed by Greif leave ' fhVlJ"*desks
¦jto . make room. .for. .their- successors.
•When -tlie-.' ercchanse»;hflitibe^n j."made
he^ handed, his ',kevs^\ier t<x.jprriet_and
walked- j oufe'' *HEr:wiUi try
to regain"possession^jf'th*'offJc^not
withstanding that Judge Seawell
practically threw out of court his suit
to hold-" over -¦for j tw# -ye-ars.
Peter F. Dunne, his attorney, is pre
paring a petition for an order direct
ing Greif to appear in the Superior
Court* and -show .<;ausp why- hisf. cer
tlflcate of.electipn .shpuld not be de
clared void. This is his "only remedy,
because Presiding Judge Frank H.
Kerrigan and Judges Hebbard and
Murasky absolutely refused to issue
an injunction restraining Greif from
interfering with Mahony in, his pos
session of the, office, of .County Clerk.
3IAHOX Y BREAKS WINDOW.
The men appointed to JH1 desks in
the various courtrooms and the oth;
ers assigned to duty at the Hall of Jus
tice all having been sworn in during
the "early, hours of the morning, laft
for their posts of duty arid the copy
ists and others took the places allot
ted to them. Within an hour the
force was working as if it had been
drilled for months. • Because of his
selection of experienced men the' new
County C!erk t was enabled to receive
the of^ee/frorn JMahoriy and 'take up
his duties without a hitch/
'/Gentlemen, 'go to ' work." With
these words County Clerk. John Greif
promptly, at, noon- yesterday, assumed
control of the office that for the last
two years has been under the super
vision of Bert Mahony. Greif Bet his
men a good example- by removing his
hat and taking "up his position at the
judgment desk," the place 7 he 'filled' for
many, years. - [¦';{*¦ ?. • .
GIIEIF TAKES HOLD.
Superintendent of Schools Langdipn
has, a deputy, to appoint and he will
probably do, so to-day.
Assessor Dodge made no changes
in his office. H« contemplates doing
so, however,' and some new : faces will
probably be seen in his office by, next
week.': ""'" '.V ' "¦ "¦' • •'¦' . ?-u '•¦''¦•-¦ '
Auditor Harry Baehr sat _• back > in
hia chair a contented man. ¦>'¦ He did
not have to worry' his head about pat
ronage, as he : retained'- his whqle
forc.e of qlerks. ; Treasurer . John Mc-
Dougald al3o took Ujings : easy. • His
force of employes is' small- and all
have had experience. undeV hfrri j&ur
:in&'the last two 'years/' He Soes' not
contemplate making .any. ,, 'changes.
Tajc Collector E. J. Smith said ,v he
could not make any changes' even if
he so deftired, because the forty clerks
t under him 'are " under .'civil'' service
rules. ' ' -" •:"* .'•¦¦.'¦¦ ''
clerks. Eugene 3.>- Sullivan, De Guy Simpson;
.mcrtgase clerk,- rMyrtll Godchaux; messenger,
John P6tten; •copyists, Paul Bellemans, Isaac
Blum. David Capurro, John K. Carroll; John
W.. Cramer, .Edward- T, Darbey, John J. Ford,
Joseph P. Hayes, John F. Hennessey, Ernest
WJ Huwsen, ThonriRs P ; Hyland. John F. Jen
sen. Heuben Kallsky. John F. Kane. EU'Lan
drj-, Meyer Levy, Thomas J. Martin,, Edward
}j. O'Connor, Andrew Ai Oliver, Tx-o Popper,
Timothy A: Reardon, George Mi Scttller. .John
D. Schroder. John" J.. Sullivan; Sylvester M.
Benjamin P.' Wilbur.
Iroquois Club Installs Its Of
ficers, AYilliani H. Kline As
suming- Duties as Sachem
Ordinance to Regulate Au
tomobiles Is Con- -
sidered.
Military and Police , Forces
Take the. Usual 1'^eeautions,
but "Without Actual Cause
HOLIDAY PASSES QUIETLY
ANNIVERSARY OF BATTLE
No Foundation for Alarmist
Reports Published in Sensa-;
tional Press of .This Country
Judge James G. Ma^uire Pays
a High Tribute to Wisdom
of Soldier and Statesman
Body Resolves' I ts£|f : * Into
: Cbmmittee^nd Be-;
gins''Business.
Board of Supervisors In
ducts Incoming Mem-;
v- bers Into Office; {
YESTERDAY was a busy day .in the City Hall, due to the assumptkn of.office by the new
members of the various municipal boards and commissions appointed -by Mayor. Schmitz
and the city officials elected at the last election. They a^igijfi^^otj^ir^yc^vcfofl^^
and most- of them were installed at once, while others will be to-day. -.The Board of Supervisors '
met and reorganized by resolving itself into new committees. The Board of Health will meet
this morning and probably begin reorganizing the departments under.- ; 'its* control by abolishing
the position of secretary now held by James A. Emery. I c ! . s : ~ v
Park Commission Re
elects A. B. Spreckels
to Presidency.
KISHENEV JEWS
NOT IMPERILED
ABLY REVIEWS
JACKSON'S LIFE
NEW MEMBERS OF MUNICIPAL COMMISSIONS AND RECENTLY
ELECTED CITY OFFICIALS QUALIFY AND ASSUME POSITIONS
THE SAN FRANGISCO . GALL, : SATURDAY, JANUARY 9, 1904.
NAPA. Jan. 8. — Chief Engineer M. K. Mil
ler 'of the Wallejo. Benicia and >Napa Valley
Railroad was In Napa to-day • with a corps of
surveyors setting - trades and laying out lines
tor " the i railroad , on , Soscol avenue, . Third and
Main street*. - -.-»*.
Czar Issues an Imperial Rescript.
ST. PETERSBURG, .Jan. 8.— An im
perial rescript to the Governor Gen
eral .. of i Finland directs the , Governor
to dismiss "all Finns employed in the
state _ or municipal ,, government ser
vice who have not fulfilled their mili
tary service in the Finnish Rifle.Bat
talion during 1903 and hot to issue
foreign passports to them for .five
years.
6
ADVERTISEMENTS. . t \ ;. .
The Lu&wig is 'a piano th'at fjigtcr^nets,' tinng^o* -..'
musical sound, from ' the' s\yeet^pa^Sf§hf &}Xd to' tlie
most difficult classical music. \vitfi|^^t^tl&Li|^^ktcs ,
through the soul and that would set tlie-bifils- 16 making I
nTelody oii the lx>ugli^a tone that \vi Iffioat through your
¦ home "like the faint, ex^iiisite^r^Ti^ic oLa. dream." . . . .
Such a Pikno Is; the Ludwrigr i
! For sale\a't*our headquarters. and at our different
stores throughout Cali fornia. ..-.¦ " "¦;•.:''
i ADVEBTISEMENTS.
f NINE TIMES OUT OF TEN jfiHk \
ITS CAUSED BY C0NGEST10nJBrH^S& 1
I /^^ ACHE I
I the simplest, easiest and most effective reinedy for tH3 most I
| common complaint. It can be safely said without, the slightest \ I
n exaggeration that millions of people have -been- cured~of .. back ; D
j trouble during the past half centnryby this wonderful, healing, \ |
• I strengthening and pain relieving plaster. •**- ' f B
¦ I nwfr^f 11 »" k «-no difference tor what purpose you may wish "to vseV" I
I ' It *? a \t fJS * u , I? 1 **' 1 . the u " fe ! t "«l-WMt.eflective. . Fuctbermor«. UKse plasters 1
b »rc guaranteed not to conUin belladonna, opium or any poisonous Ingredients. TkeT I
; B are made of healing vegetable gums which soothe, strengthen and cures. - ' 1 1
"iL_ T hev ar . e f 1 "* original and oply genuine poroos plasters. / Jk:¦¦•' BuivAfciocIation Election.
..The annual election of officers of
the Saii Francisco: Bar AssociationVas
held yesterday and the following "of
ficers elected for the ensuing year:
President, W."- S. Goodfellow; senior
vice president, . W. B.\Cope;\ junior
vice president, Curtis H. Lindley;
treasurer, John M. Burnett; trustees,
W. B. : Bosley, Henry U. Brandenstein. j
O. K. Cushing, J. ; W. Liliehthal; and j
PRINCETON, N. J., Jan. 8.— The
funeral of Ruth Cleveland was held at
the family residence this forenoon.
The service was brief and simple and
was conducted by "the Rev. Maitland
Bartlett, pastor of the First Presby
terian Church. In addition to the
family a 'few of the closest friends of
the family were "present. The inter r
ment in' the Princeton Cemetery was
private and took place immediately
after, the service. At the request of
her physician, Mrs. Cleveland, did not
go to the cemetery. Among the hun
dreds of messages of condolences from
friends was one from President Rc«se
velt.
Funeral of Ruth Cleveland.
Alvin Carey, 14 years of age, was
discovered: about 10 o'clock Thursday
night in, the shoe store of Nolan
Bros., 812 Market street, by Police
man, Brady, and Special Officer E. D.
Murphy. When asked what he was
doing there he said he called at the
store at 6 o'clock to" see a friend that
worked, there and he waited and waited
and then thought Tie would just take a
look around.' He was booked at the
City Prison on a charge of burglary
and-vvas. sent yesterday to the Juvenile
Court. He is an incorrigible boy and
was arrested twice last June for bur
glary. . , , ' ;
Boy Accused of Felony.
J. B. Pearson, a miner that recently
i arrived from Alaska and who is stop-
I ping at the Russ House, secured a
j warrant from Police Judge Cabaniss
yesterday for the arrest of J. A.
j Smith on a felony charge of obtaining
j money by*false pretenses.
Smith was also a guest at the Russ
House and, it is claimed, represented
j himself, as a mining engineer. On
I January 5 Smith, it is alleged, in
{ duced Pearson to accompany him to
• the Central Trust Company and in
f dorse a check on the Nashville Trust
! Company, Nashville, Tenn., for
J S467 60, which. he said he had on de
j posit there. The money was paid to
\ Smith and yesterday morning Pearson
I was notified by the Central Trust
I Company that Smith had no money, on
j deposit with the Nashville Trust Com
pany. " Pearson was requested to call
and make the amount good.
> Pearson says that he has ascer
! tained that Smith purchased a ticket
! for Los Angeles and the police there
i have been notified to look out for him.
J.*B. Pearson, Miner From, Alaska,
Secures Warrant for the Arrest
of J. A. Smith.
MINING ENGINEER IS
ACCUSED OF FELON V
ORANGE PEDDLERS HAVE
FIGHT WITH CONDUCTOR
George Curry Is Taken to Prison on
a of nn Assault With
a Deadly Weapon.
George Curry, a conductor on the
Jackson 7 street line, who lives in the
basement of 832 California street, was
arrested yesterday afternoon by De
tective -Bell and Policeman Edward3
and booked at the City Prison on a
charge of assault with a deadly wea
pon. The complaining witnesses are
Gus and Robert Lindenstadt, orange
peddlers.
Curry reached his home about 2
o'clock, after reporting off duty, and
the peddlers' wagon was in front of
the house. Robert Lindenstadt came
down the steps leading to the base
ment with a dozen oranges in his
hand. Curry told him to go away,
as he did not want any oranges, and
Lindenstadt, Curry claims, replied
that a woman inside had ordered
them. They had some words and. It
is claimed, Lindenstadt said he would
get his big brother and '.'do Curry up."
The Lindenstadts returned, each
carrying several stones, and, It .is
averred, threatened to smash the win
dows. Becoming alarmed for the
safety of his wife and child, Curry got
his wife's revolver 'and fired a shot in
the air to frighten the peddlers away.
Gus Lindenstadt claims that the
shot was fired at him, but there are
three witnesses who will corroborate
Curry.
I SALINAS, Jan. 8.— It was decided by repre
sentati\ea from Santa Cruz, . S«n Bentto and
Monterey at a meetlnz held here, last night
that these counties should make a joint ex
hibit at. the St. IvOUis Exposition. A commit
tee was eDDOinted to secure space. -
Xoted Marine. Photographer Is Dead.
NEWPORT, R. I., Jan. 8.— Frank
H. Child, noted as a marine pho
tographer, died to-day.
OAKLAND, Jan. 8. — Mrs. M. Fos
ter, 65 years of age, died suddenly at
her residence, East Twenty-first street
and Twenty-second avenue. Coroner
Mehrmann, to whom the case was re
ported to-day, took charge.
lietired Merchant Passes Away.
CHICAGO, Jan. 8. — George Putnam
Gore,- a retired Chicago merchant, is
dead of heart disease, ajred 74 years.
Gore retired shortly after »he World's
Fair. He had been engaged in the
general auctioneering business in Chi
cago since the close of the Civil War.
The store in which Gore conducted his
business was the first business house
to be erected after the fire of 1871.
?
Woman Dies Sndilenly.
NEW YORK, Jan. 8. — Mrs. George
C. Boldt, wife of the proprietor of the
Waldorf-Astoria, died early to-day
frtom heart failure. Much of the fur
nishing and decoration of the hostelry
was done under her. direction and de
signing. . . • • .
Among .business and professional
men, among those Who stand for all
that is stable in public and private life, 1
the death of John A. Muir is regarded
as a loss which will be hard to offset.
For fifteen years he had been a leader
in public affairs of Los Angeles.
Muir entered the employ »of the Cen
tral Pacific in 1869 as telegraph op
erator at Rocklin and was successive
ly trainmaster, assistant superintend
ent of the Sacramento division, super
intendent at Yuma and for more than
ten years superintendent here. He had
expected to be made fourth vice presi
dent, but another wa%appointed. When |
H. E. Huntington wanted him he went j
with him and for three years devoted r
his energies to the extension of the !
Huntington electric lines. He was a
Mason and a member of the various
commercial organizations. The funeral'
will be held Sunday and will b2 attend
ed by representatives of nearly all the
public bodies of Los Angeles.
Death of Mrs. George C. liolrit.
He was asked to name these persons
and at his dictation a list was made
out. During the late hours of the night
those persons came to his bedside and
to each he bade farewell. He said he
was not afraid to die,' but that he had
hoped to be with his friends for years
to come. Then he became unconscious,
having first bade members of his fam
ily good-by.
"I know that I am dying," he said,
feebly, "but there are persons dear to
me whom I want to see."
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 8.— John Allan
Muir, general manager of the Los An
geles Railway Company, and one of the
best-known railroad men in the West,
died at 6:35 o'clock this morning after
an^illness of many weeks. The end came
painlessly.. Surrounded by his family,
he passed away after a period of un
consciousness which had continued al
most throughout last night. Yesterday
evening, when the sick man was
aroused from the lethargy which pre
ceded death, he stated that he realized
his condition. : ¦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
John A. Muir of South
ern California Passes
Away.
SOUTHERN. CALIFORNIA
RAILWAY MANAGER WHO
DIED YESTKKDAY.
cc.ppc-r ores, and mining development
!s under way on a small scale at a
! number of different points outside of
! Salt Lake and Beaver counties."
"Arizona 5s the scene of the most
pronounced activity in copper mining
developments to be noted in any part
of the United States. This Territory
has four largely developed fields, these
being, in order of present importance,
the Bisbee field of Cochise County, the
Clifton-Mcrencl field of Graham Coun
ty and the Jerome field of Yavapai
County. ¦ ' ¦ . '. - . .
"Nearly every county in Utah has
' "Montana remains the heaviest pro
ducer of any copper field of the United
States or of the world. Litigation' ham
pers deVelopment, with no prospect of
an early settlement. The Anaconda is
no longer the richest mine of the dis
trict, arid the Boston and Montana Is
a worthy successor. The principal new
development under way is the mine and
smelter of the Pittsburg and Montana,
the latter planned on a new system,
soon to be given trial. Various copper
fields outside of the Butte district re
port renewed activity.
"Michigan hag made a notable in-,
crease in production, of upward of 28,
000.000 pounds in a single year— much
the greatest ever secured. The old
mines show little or no increase, with
the exception of the Wolverine, the
added copper coming mainly from the
j Baltic, Trimountain, Champion and
'. Mohawk mines.
"Previous to 1S50 the total production
of the United States was but a few
thousand tons, from the period of the
first attempt at copper mining in New
Jersey in 1719. During the year 1903
American mines turned out but 4000
tons less of refined copper than was
made by the entire United States up
to and including the year 18S0, and
made almost exactly ten t:.nes as much
copper as was made in the^ear 1881.
In every working day of the year
American mines now make as much
copper as all the mines of the country
made in 1831, and make as much copper
every week as was made in the year
1S59. when the Lake Superior mines
were already famous as the most pro
ductive and profitable copper mines of
the known world.
GREAT OPERATIONS.
Horace J. Stevens furnishes an an
nual review of the copper trade to the
Mining World in which is much of in
terest to the copper producers in Cali
fornia. Stevens writes that beginning
with the year 1S50 It will be found that
the production of American copper has
increased nearly 500 per cent.
"The American production has
doubled since so recent a year as 1894.
Beginning with 1S49. the year in which
the first American copper mine paid a
dividend, the production has doubled
in the periods ending with the years
1S52, 1S53, 1S36, 1S62. 1873, 1SS1. 1SS4. 1891,
1899. and has gained more than 25"per
cent in volume in the four years since
1S59.
THE COPPER OUTPUT..
A Deadwood correspondent of the
Redding Searchlight writes that the
two largest properties in the greatest
quartz mining camp in Trinity County
have been closed, these being the
Brown Bear and the L,appin. Of the
latter the Searchlight says: "The min
ers employed by the Lappin Gild Min
ing Company, which operated the Lap
pin mine * several months under
bond, have*" got their money out of the
ore milled at the Brown Bear mill and
have left the camp. The financial ob
ligations of the company are not yet
fully paid, and several lawsuits will
no doubt result. The property is now
closed down. Ex-Mayor Davie of Oak
land and another gentleman were here
last week inspecting the Lappin. They
expressed themselves as quite favor
ably impressed with the mine, and
stated that they would endeavor to
secure an option to purchase it from
the owners, Jesse Tourtellotte, M. A.
Brady and Robert Cochran, who -re
side in Weaverville."
The Mining and Scientific Press re
ports that a company has been organ
ized to work a group of claims in Nye
County. Nevada, at Timber Hill. The
Tybo Mining Company, at Tybo, is re-,
ported to have suspended operations
and that attachments and liens have
been levied on the company's property.
It is generally expected that the com
pany will soon resume work.
State Mineralogist Aubury reports
that field work preliminary to issuing
bulletins has been "completed in Mari
posa and Kern counties, and the pre
liminary work for the oil bulletin,
which will supply reliable data con
cerning all the oil fields In the State,
has also been performed. The oil bul
letin is much needed. All sorts of wild
and ungrounded stories have been re
tailed concerning the oil fields of this
State for years, and the lack of reliable
data has handicapped legitimate busi
ness.
mine at Ball Rock has been bonded by
H. B. Stewart and others.
MAPPING THE COUNTIES.
"If San Francisco realized the situa
tion in Alaska as it now is, not as it
was when the froth and scum of the
1000 rush floated back to her, broken
and discouraged. I am sure she would
not allow herself to be surpassed by a
younger and more active rival just be
cause it is a few hundred miles nearer
to the scene of '..operations. • There are
smart . men, experienced men, success
ful miners of California that go to
Nome every year. They are a mere
drop in the bucket compared with the
number that this great field stands
ready to enrich. A liow of trade and
gold can be started from Alaska now
that will do more than" all else to con
tinue unimpaired the present metropol
itan prestige of this city.
"There are scores of 'Alaskans here
spending the winter. They are the
prosperous ones, the operators, - thu
ones controlling* enterprises and' the
large buyers of machinery and supplies.'
Their purchases will', amount ;to/mill
ions of dollars»a year, and more of this
class can be attracted to this city with
a little effort. As a first step there
should be organized by merchants an
Alaskan club in this city, as in Seattle,
to start the gold stream this way in
part at least."
President Watkins of the San Fran
cisco .Board of Trade and President
Andrea Sbarboro of the Manufactur
ers' and Producers'. Association of Cali
fornia said last evening that th*ey had
heard of the Alaska Club. They did
not believe that throwing open any ex
isting club or the establishment of an
Alaskan Club in San Francisco would"
influence business in any way. Presi
dent Watkins said that Alaska would
buy in San Francisco what it could se
cure here at better advantage than It
could elsewhere, but probably nothing
else. ' ¦ - ' '
"Seattle business men have organ
ized an Alaska Club and maintain
headquarters or clubhouse, for Alas
kans, to secure reliable information of
Alaskan opportunities and to foster
alliances that make for Alaskan trade.
Northwestern Alaska alone, young and
undeveloped, has so far produced near
ly $23,000,000 and now developments
are in progress, the digging of ditches
and developing of water powers that ln
a year or two will make Seward penin
sula the greatest hydraulic mining re
gion in the world— a.. region that, will
produce more gold every year than ever
came out of the Klondike in its banner
seas*on.
THE SEATTLE METHOD.
There are in the city prominent min
ing men from Alaska who are doing
business on the Seward peninsula, the
Nome district and vicinity. A state
ment was made by one of these' men
last evening concerning the means that
the Seattle people employ to" interest
the Alaskan miners and to gain their
trade. His statement is as follows: ¦
San Francisco to Alaskan ports. A
large proportion of the goods that are
shipped from Seattle to Alaska are
undoubtedly manufactured in the East,
but thev figure as exports from the
Sound ports. Mr. Hill Is building up the
north as much as he can and that is a
factor in this consideration of statiB
tics concerning exports."
No explanation was supplied by any
merchant of tho-falling off in the ex
ports of San Francisco to the Philip
pines during the fiscal year, ending June
30, 1903, such decrease amounting to
$IM7,S97. None can well "be afforded un
til the figures are analyzed and the ar
ticles and amounts of each exported
have been ascertained. . ¦
The Nevada City Transcript says
that for tlu; first time in many years
lije mines in the Meadow Lake district,
fh'the eastern part of Nevada County,
Mill run all winter.
A bond has been taken on the Saver
cool group of mines, )n Plumas County.
The C'aybank mine' at Laporte is ex
tending its tunnel to reach grave!.
" The puit of F. F. Wright and others
against Tannanbaum & Co. and the
Himalaya Mining Company, owners of
K'UrmaMne deposits In San Diego Coun
ty, has been Fettled. The claims of the
jdaintiffs have been bought out by the
Himalaya Mining Company.
• Changes in ownership and bonds are
reported in Tuolumne County in quite
a number of instances. The Telegraph.
IJne claim, near Groyeland, has been
.bonded to 12. M. Wilken&on and K. A.
/Wiltsee, according to local Teports. The
New Era mine, otherwise known as the
Hunter mine, has been bonded to T. F.
McAvoy. the manager of the Hardtack
Mihir>s Company. The Golden ?South
Th<. »"neida mine in Amador County
continues to operate with full force.
The ledge at the Bay State mine is re
• ported to have been tapped by cross
ctutir.g. The forty stamps of the Bun
ker Hill mine are expected to be in
operation next month. The Climax
.mine has put up z. mill.
ln ("aiaveras County there is much
doing. The Empire mine near Hodson
has resumed. The Royal Consolidated
is working with non-union men. The
Uultalo blue grave! mine, v.hich has
been shut down, is expected to resume
, soon, the pumps being kept in opera
-tion. 'Work is proceeding at the What
Cheer, the Lamphear, the Emma
'.qiiartz mine, the Rooney biue gravel
mine at Moktlumne Hill, the Blue Jay
Point and other mines.
; The Mining and Scientific Press says:
"The Stockton Hill Mining Company
:»P"*rts work continuing at its mine
Mokelumne Hill. Operations are
r<c"n? ahead in three directions under
ground. A drift leading west or down
•tru- channel has* been cleaned out and
if timber*^, for 200 feet, another in the
south rim for COO feet and a third east
«'i -up the channel 230 feet. It is ex
pectgd that work will start on the
ClOver Leal mine next week, and also
on the Hexter. Four thousand feet of
trench have been dug from the flume
of the water company at a point near
Nigger Hill to the mine, and laying the
l'il>e is in progress. This pipe will carry
vatc-r to the mine for the batteries of
the n-.ili and other purposes."
The Nevada County Miner says that
Uie North Star Mines Company has
1 aid ton dividends since it came under
its present control. The dividend that
was paid recently amounted to. $125, 000.
UOHK ON THE 1X3DK.
.According to the Grass Valley Union
I). E. Hayden is making preparations
to operate the Middle Yuba placer
mine at Gold Ridgre on a large scale
jhe coming sprinp. All the prelim
inary arrangements have been made to
commence hydraulicking. The reser
voirs;, ditchea and pipes are reported to
hare bo^n completed and the restrain
ing dam, for which a permit was
issued by the Debris Commission, has
been erected. The Grass Valley Tid
ings say? that the Cold Spring mine
¦will resume so^n. The property has
bff-n idle twenty years, i It has been
bonded t<> an Kastern company. The
mill at the Zeibright mine has been
completed.
According to the L-os Angeles Her
aid Los Angeles parties have bought
the Sturgis hydraulic placer mines lo
cated near Grants Pass. Ore. Two
piar.ts will be operated and an electric
Ifphting plant and various conven
iences will be provided. The property
is reported t<j embrace about 1400
acres.
{, Many tew bonds on promising min
xrkp -properties and several deals by
".-which ownerBhip >s transferred are re
-ported. In some districts signs of more
-.than ordinary activity are observable.
\*Tal{ing Hi? situation as it now appears
•*t is evident that California mines
.have not lost their attractiveness for
the enterprising. Tfte manifestations
Id activity vary. The Scott Valley Ad
vance' tells of activity In Slskiyou
'county in the Oro Fino district, where
o *tjie Medina Company is constructing
•modern works, the Oro Fino Belle is
¦ adding to its equipment and mine
•owr.crs of Callahan are about to put
:n a mill. The Tulare Times tells of
'tjie development of a chrysoprase mine
near Lindsey.
• The Virgina Gold Hill copper mines
in Nevada County have been bended
by the South Yuba Mining Company
¦to Eastern parties, so the local papers
•say.' San Francisco parties are re
"-pnfted to be negotiating for the pur
chase of the Honeycomb mine near
Camptonville. in . Nevada County.
Frank B. Hall tells the Morning Miner
that he has bonded interests at Shady
Creek, Nevada County.
Max L. Hosenfeld (foreman). Olyn.plc- Club:
Gi-etdv Trittenbach (secretary), :J12 Califor
nia street: Peter Wheelan, 207 "Larkin street:
il Lowensteln. Sutter flnd Kearny. streets,
John Devery, '• Buah and Baker streets: C. W.
Coburn 13 Fremont street; Charles Sutro, 321
Montgomery street; Henry Hllp. :«H Spruce
street: H. B: Madison, 30 Steuart street; Pat
rick BiKKins. 2(>UI Twenty-third. street: CharU-s
W. Sutro. 218 Montgomery street: Ilomatn C.
de' Boom. l<:09 Scott street: R. [C. Mattlson,
L'BOI Larkln street: Ira Barker Dalziel, 605
Golden Gate avenue; Thomas J.' O'Dwyer, '5027
Sixteenth street: Herbert K. Law, lf.25 Va
llelo street: GcorEe E. Gallagher, 133 Pokt
strWt: James II. Mundy, -li'3 California street:
Richard Finklrur.JMl Kearny street. ',
Max L. Rosenfeld? foreman of the
Grand Jury, gave, out the following
committees yesterday:
Public Worlt»— FInkinir. Lowensteln, Devery.
Public Welfare — Madison, C. W. Sutro, Hllp.
Klre Department— Wheelan, Devery, Gal
la«hor. ¦ • ,i
Auditor, Treasurer and Klection Commipslon
crs—Trlttenbaoh. Mundy, ci VV. Sutro.
- Sheriff, County Jail and Magdalen Asylum —
De Coom, Madison, Mattidbn.
Board of Education and Public Schools —
Hllp. Coburn. Charles Sutro.
As3«seot, Recorder and Public Administra
tor—O'.Uwyer. Coburn. I-aw.
Coroner and Morgue— Mundy, Dalziel, De
Boo:a. ,-
Courts— Bisttins, De Boom, Mattiaon.
District' Attorney and City Attorney—Co
burn, Flnklnz. Mundy. .
County Clerk and Justice Clerk— Madison,
TrUtenbacli. Galiarher.
Public library and Park Commission — Law,
Health Department — Dalziel, Law, Mundy.
Mayor ami Civil Service— Coburn, Lowen-
P*ard of ' SuDervtaors— Devery, Wheelan.
Gslraeber. ¦ ; „. , .„,
Tax and License Collector — Charles W.
Suiro Trittenbach, Ftaklnz.
Police Department — Lowensteln. Charles Su
tro. Gallairher, O'Dwyer. Wheelan.
Corporations— Charles Sutro, O'Dwyer, Law.
Following are the names and ad
dresses of the Grand Jury:
District Attorney Byington spent
yesterday afternoon with the mem
bers of the new Grand Jury, instruct
ing them In their work. He was
asked innumerable questions by the
members and he enlightened them to
the best of his ability. He was pleas
ed to see that the men that compose
the organization are deeply interested
in their work.
Max L. Rosenfcld Gives Out IJst of
Members Who Will Keep Watch
of City Official?.
GRAND JURY- -FOREMAN'
NAMES HIS COMMITTEES
"Geographical position has much to
do with it," said Mr. Watkins. "There
is no sentiment in the matter of placing
the Alaskan trade. It takes less time
to lay goods down in Alaska from the
Middle- West by way of Seattle than it
does by way of San : Francisco. The
rail rates to the Sound ports from the
manufacturing" cities of the East are as
low and possibly lower than they are
to San Francisco. On some articles the
rates to Seattle are lower than they
are to^San 'Francisco. -The distance
from Seattle to Alaska. Is. several hun
dred miles less than the distance from
Several explanations were given of
the advance that the Sound ports are
making in securing the Seattle trade,
The clearest of these statements was
made by A. A. Watkins, president of
the San Francisco Board of Trade. . .
A. A. WATK1XS' VIEWS.
The general explanation received
from" many merchants who were vis
ited yesterday - was. that. -the showing
must mainly be attributed to the en
terprise of "Jim" Hill, who is building
up the Sound ports as much* as possi
ble, and to lower rates " for moving
freight than are to be secured to San
Francisco from the transqontlnenta!
lines doing business here. Hill has
been doing a great business in moving
lumber to the Eastern States over his
lines. This gives him empty cars to
load up in the East for the return trip,
and this i3 the basis of the lower
westbound rates that he is reported tc
be making.
By the summary it was shown to be
a fact that the export trade of the
ports on Puget Sound to the Philip
pines in the fiscal year ending June 30,
1903, amounted to $1,128,999, as against
the sum of $306,876 for the preceding
twelve months, a gain of more than
$820,000, or more than $68,000 gain per
month.
San Francisco's exports to the Philip
pines in the fiscal year ending June 30,
1903, were $479,640, as compared with
$827,537 for the year preceding, a loss of
$347,888. ¦
¦ The Alaska business was-seen to also
be largely to the advantage of the ports
on Puget Sound. The Sound ports in
the 'fiscal year ending June 30, 1903,
were shown to have sent to' Alaska
goods to the value of $6,13S,089, as
against a total value of $2,955,341, the
difference in favor of the ports on the
Sound amounting to 53,182,758, or a gain
of $227,000 more than- the entire ship-'
ments from San Francisco to Alaska
in the period under discussion.
The publication in The Call exclu
sively of the official figures Just issued
by the United States Government rela
tive to the export trade of the main
land of the United States to its non^
continguous country, the Philippines
and Alaska in particular, created much
talk and not a little wonderment ln
the mercantile community of . San
Francisco. The figures in question
were compiled by the customs officials
of the United States under the pro
visions of a law of AprH 29, 1902.
They were representative of the
business done in the fiscal year end
ing June 30, 1902, and 1903. They
bore the official sanction of the Gov
ernment and were the first definite as
certainments made officially by the
Government concerning the movement
of . exports to, Alaska and the Philip
pines and also to other islandic posses
sions of the United States.
Ptospects of Good Returns Cause More Than Usual Activ
•"ity in Mineralized Zones of This State and Old Plants Are
V V Receiving Reinforcements in Shape of Modern Machinery
MANY BONDS ARE PLACED
ON MINING PROPERTIES
Low Rates to Puget Sound and the Efforts of Hill to Make
the North Prosperous Are Given as Reasons Why'Ex
. ports to Manila and to Alaskan Gold Ffelds Are Affected
DEATH CALLS
A PROMINENT
RAILWAY MAN
STATISTICS OF SEA TRADE
INTEREST CITY MERCHANTS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY .9, 190 *¦
! LEWISTON". l^aho, Jan.' 8.— Benjamin
j IZlgFt. an 8-year-old boy. was killed to-day by
I cornice in contact with a fallen electric wire.
, NEW TORK, Jan. S.— police Com
missioner McAdoo has notified the po
lice inspectors that he had received in
formation . that erambling-houses jfn'd
poolrooms were being opened in Man
hattan borough. • He allowed them
forty-eight hours to .close every, gam
bling-house and poolroom in the bor-
OUSh. :->
Orders Gani^liiis Houses Closed.
7
' . ADVERTISEMENTS.
Pears'
Get one cake of it.
¦ - - ¦ ¦
Nobody ever stops at ! a
Pears' soap for toilet,
bath and shaving.
¦ . - • ¦ Sold all«*er the world.
HOME FOR OLD PEOPLE
This home for the aged, conducted by the
Sisters of Mercy." Is situated ¦ at San Dleeo.
Cnl., ¦ on ". University HeightF. overlooking the
ocean. The climate in considered the finest In
the world, free from extremes of heut or cold
.Axed couples are also,, received. The charges
for a- home for life vary from $1500 UDward,
according to age and requlrement3. For. further
Information apply to Sister SiiDerior St Jo-
seph'p Sanitarium. San Diego. Cal. .
Always '¦¦ Remember the Poll JMame
ff axative Rromo Qfrnme
Cures a Cold in One Day, GrJpm 2 Days
1Q. SSr l>or. 25c
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
I. A MILLION HAF«<?Y AMERICAN
jdfis&siF CHILDREN are kept healtby -with
J8s&Px& CASCARETS Candy Cathartic. ; Good
' words spoken by their mamas for
«KrJ8ff!^gf\ ' "VA ¦ CASCAHETS to other inasas. havs
i v>n v \w made CASCARZTS successful : until
JaSjr r^ tbe sale noVT ls OVER A.M1ULION
jfBSgA *f V BOXES A MONTH. Whytdo little
flfflf Ji (^> ' ' J folks llke CASCARETS? Because
WsBs$i4* >r %m ' m^- a^N. tfa e7 are a sweet, palatable, Irao-
' \^ \^ Vant little tablet-taste :aond. do
_jj * • - A "v '^^^i ) w O°°d— never ffrlp nor {jrlpejDut act
g^g°l .tf^r—rf^^TH^^ 1 U^LsfJ\ Gently, naturally, positively. Medi-
i^^ayVWKg^ejy^ wSSuM Clne tbat a chUd di3llies wWtaot do
BISHSm \^\!>2Zr / WBffSgZm ltmuchffood. Children are always
\EfflMn^y.^^" / y Sn^fflr' read y to take cascaeets. the
i^k PERFECT HOME MEDICINE, aafe
j-^^s * or t^ :ejn anci are ke Pt healthy al-
. i*n_ jt " "4 °* ; childhood's aliments. Best for
/I MB&/«k) tbe Bowels - AU dru{jcrl5ts.,lOc. 25c.
S I Wtg&R/*\\ 50c - Never 8Old ln bulk - Genuine
y^gPWr^V^ \] tablet stamped CCC. Sample and
t-^^i* \ ) /ff* jf booklet fr«e. Address
Y- . \f\A 7/ STERLING REMEDY CO..
"TAeTr ma**m0 , \^^»y / . / Chicago or Nev York.
I ANNUAL SALE— TEM MILLION BOXES
I • . • • Greatest In the World v e:t
ADVERTISEMENTS. "
pn Every Hand
Our laundry work is admired tor * ts '
beauty, cleanliness and finish.
Costs no more either than the ordi-
nary, but it adds materially. to -the use-
fulness of your linen through giving it
longer life. . » '
. No saw edces. . . ¦ I - > - .
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY,
orrzos 1004 mabxetj st*bet,
, . N'ear Powrii. j . " '
Vhon« South 430. 1
SOKMIAN
"KlriSofa3Soul««]B«er*."~- I
, 6r«w«tl from Bohcnkm Hop* I
SOLO CVBB VWMERB. I
• HILBERT MERCANTILE . CO. I
Paclflc. Coast , Agents. M
BroundtabI
§ ARROW "BRAND!
| 15CENTS.2FOR25CENTS E
frj CLUETT. PEHBODY A. CO. 83
. g Makers of Cluett and Monarch Shirts . flj
i ;
() visit DR. JORDAN'S grcat4
«HUSEUH OF &HATOMY*
v 6& ic:iyA2Zxrsr.io'-5:i»7a.s.r.ci2. o
\ . t5 The Largest Anatomical Museum in ttieA
O ' <-»ft__ World. Weaknesses or *,\y coniracteil ff
7 JpffsSfl tl:sene pvaillTely cnr«4 njr »!<e oldest T
Q ttt^Ml bpecia:i«o« theCcis- E«Lj6yearv 0
A a*$?l CR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN i
\ iCmBI Consultation free and wrtrtly primp. \
V I jSV. U Tie»tmcni pruonaiiy ft by ° letter. Ai
V fl If VI H /"oji{« ?• Out* in erery cats an<]frtakea. T
A V I H SB Write for Boa'C rOlLOiariV »t A
" I 11^* HAnniAce. mailed ttitn. (at
>' fj l\. vatcable book for mm) - ' \
V l>lt. JORDAN ACO..10I1 Market »t.. 8. F. V
CCKOSRHdl AKD IRISAST BI3CSAa93l
A CURE v IX, <S .HOURS.'
Every Woman
W^Mx.Wll Whirdns Spray
r 'Qr^.C'V^fesLl-^ est-Mont CourenleBt.
arti«r«n>«^**»«- t v ,; A&Bwvnrrflzss^'' -
M h- rannotsiipvly the \ffl*V^'' l W0 /: <5.
MARVKI-, acietu no- ¦ V. 'i-Kwfo?~
nther, hnt fend «ami» for 11- ' \» # '%^^
! luntrateii book— »»«i*a.'.t ftiTrt • ' V*,-. g *jm
I lnll partlcnlnrs and «iire<-ii<in^ In- *\i I . ' B
• Talnable to Uules. SI A nvtx. CO..
Times Cds.. New York.' .,'» w ~ t — --^ ¦
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary.
620 XiV. ABXY ST; Eslablhhed
iii IS34 forthf treatment of I'rivnte
t)!.i«t!<e!«. Irf»t Manlmnd. T>f hlllty or
<li««-n»- wearirieon liodranil minrt ami
Skin ObM-nses. Tlie IJoctorctirM wherr
others fall. -Trr him. '¦ fbnrjri-* low.
rurrvgraaranlrnl. Cull or write.
Dr. J. IT. UIBBON. Nan Francisco, Cal. : '
H AVII ¦ a * Cored to STAY CURED. Caaes
fl PTL«Hfl B r^mOTri" U»allli n-tarrd. as
ti\ \. 0 Wt 8M1 il tackan«»er return. Katheartily
.¦ ¦ ¦• ¦ ¦ ¦»¦ ¦ ¦ urwlwra. .Ko farther Drtd •!
meJlci B »«- Bonk 6O FREE. Siiifty n.i«t. all about
AiOimaaudHar Kerer. P. Harcla Hayes, BuHalo, K Jf ,
OCEAN TRAVEL.
i >^»ZT !S V Steamers leav« San Fr»a-
>£>5J*"5QX. elf co as follows:
Apr_ For Ketchlkan. Wrantet.
/WyWOefcl \«A Juneau, Halnes. Ekaru»y.
1 I «te-. Alaska— 11 a. m.. J*n.
\ \ \WH& / 2. C. 11. 1«. 21. C6. 3t. Fob.
\0>\ \\ '^yO/ B- Change to company*
V*fcO' -iV eteamers at Seattle.
NfiG^fflf/ For Victoria. Vincou»»r.
port To-wnsend. Seattle. Ta-
coma. Everett. Whatcom— 11 a. m., Jan. 2. *
11. 16. 21. 2«. 31. Feb. 8. Chan B « .at 8aattl»
to thin company* .team«r» for Alaska and
O. N. Ry. : at Seattle er Tacoma to N. V. Ky. .
at Vancouver to C. P. Ry. . ,_
For Ktrreka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona, l:>»
p. m.. Jan. S. 11. 17. 23. 2». Feb. 4 ; Corona.
1:SO p. in.. Jan. 2. 8. 14. 2O. 2«. Feb. 1.
For.Lo. An*el V «vla Port Loa Angela an*
Redondo), San Dieeo and Santa Barbara-
Santa Rosa. Sundays, 9 a. m.
State of California, Thursdays. 9 a. m
For Los Anareles (Tla San Pedro and Ka*t
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz. Mpn-
terey. Ran Simeon. Cayucoa. Port Hartora t»an
Lulu Obtspo). Ventura and Hueneme
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. Jan. 4. 12. 20. 23, Feb. 5.
Bonlta. 0 a. m.. Jan. 3. 16. 24. Feb. 1.
For Knsenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jo«« 4«-
Cabo. Maxatlan. Altata, La Fax. Santa Ro-
calla. Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th of eacU
month. "¦ ¦ - ' „ , .
For further Information obtain folder.
Rl?bt Is reserved to change »teamer» or »all-
Insr dates.
TXOXXT OFFICES 4 New Montgom-
ery «treei tPa'ac* Hotel). 10 Market street and
Broadway wharves.
¦ Freight office. 10 Market etreet.
C. D. DUXANN. General Passenger Acwt,
10 Market street. San Francisco.
O. R. & IV. CO.
v olumbia sails JanVlS. 28. Feb. 7. 17, 27,
March » and 19. George W. Elder saits Jan.
1.1, 23, Feb. 2, 12. 22, March 4 and 14. Only
steamship line to PORTLAND. OR., and short
rail line from Portland .to all points East.
Throti«;h tickets to all points, all rail or stsam-
shlp and rail, at LOWEST R- -*K3. Steanvr
tickets Include berth and meals. Steamer aaitt
foot of Spear st. at 11 a. m. S. F. BOOTH.
Oen. As*. Pas*. Dept.. 1 Montiromery st. : C.
CLIFFORD. Gen. Alt. Freight Dept.. 3 Mont-
gomery st. ¦..- .
AXXXXCAH UXX.
»lTTttouttx — Ciatbottrjr — Southampton.
From New Tork Saturdays at 9:30 a. ro.
Et. Louts Jan. 9'St. Paul Jan. 'SI
New Tork..:... Jan. IB! Philadelphia ...Jan. 50
ATX.AJTTIC TXABnCrO*T L1»E.
¦ ¦ V*w Tork — London Direct.
Mesaba...Jan. 9. 9 amlMin't'ka.Jan. 2.1. 9 am
M'n'iaiD«e.Jan. 18.9 anVM'rq'ette. Jan. ."50. 9 am
. Only Flrst-Class Passengers Carried.
. ooxonov lihe.
Portland — Liverpool — Short sea passage.
Dominion- Jan. 2", "Dominion Feb. 27
Canada Feb. WCanada, Mar. 12
HOUAXTD-AXZIBZCA U5E.
New Twin-Screw Steamers of 12.5C0 Tens.
Hew Tork — Rotterdam. Via Xonlorne.
Salltnz Tuesday at 10 a. m.
Statendam Jan. 19[Rotterdam Feb. 2
t Amsterdam ...Jan. 26'*SIoterdyk Feb. 1>J
XED STAB LIHI.
New Tork — Antwerp— Paris.
Vadrld.Jan. 9. 10:30 am|Zeeld.Jan. 30. 1030 am
Krnld.Jan. 23. 10:30 amiFlnlnd.F_eb._d. 10:30 am
WHITE STAB LINE.
Wew York— Queenstown— Liverpool.
¦ Sailing Wednesdays.
Celtic Jan. IS, 2 pm'MaJestlc.Feb. 3, 10 am
Teutonic. Jan. 2O. 10 arc|Oceanic.Feb. 10. 1 pm
ITedric-. ...Jan. 27, noon i Celtic Feb. 17. 8 am
t Boston — Qneenstown — Liverpool.
Cymric Jan. 21, Feb. IS, March 17
Cretlc'..... .....Feb. 4, March 3, March 31
BOSTON MEDITEBBAJTCAW SERVICE.
Azores. Gibraltar, tfaple*. Genoa.
ROMANIC Jan. 16. Feb. 27. Apr. »
CANOPIC Jan. 30. Mar. T2
REPUBLIC (new) Feb. 13, Mar. 25
JSteerage only. 'Freight only.
C. I>. TAYLOH. Passenger Agent Paclflc Coast,
21 Poat st.. San Francisco.
; l»/^tol£R5. MARSEILLES." WMOA^Ui
yTniAites er albxawdria. ecypt^tJ
'ROMANIC :..Jan. 16, Feb. 27. ApL 9
CANOPIC Jan. 3i», Mar 12
RF.PUBL1C (new) Feb. 13. Mar. 20
; (Send for rates and Illustrated buoklet.)
. There steamers are the largest In the
Mediterranean service. "
First class, lUB.uaward.
." Bostoh^to "UYBrjpool Q^aSlnm
CYMRIC...... ... Jan. 21, Feb. IS, Mar. 17
CRETIC Feb. 4. Mar. X Mar. 31
' First class. $60 and $65 upward, sxcord-
ine tn steamer. For plans.- etc. address
1VHITE STAIt LINE. 77-St State St.,
Boston; or to C. D. TAYLOR. 21 Post st.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA,
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.)
Steatrcra wtlf leave wharf, corner Flr»t an*
Brannan /streets, at I p. m.. for YOKOHAMA
and Hongkong, calling at Kobe (Hlono). Naga-
saki and Shanghai, and connecting at Honx-
konr With steamers for India, etc. N> carg3
received on board on day ofsalllcx.
8. 8. AMERICA MARU
...... v. Monday. January 23. 1904
S..S. HONGKONG MARU :
.; ;.. Wednesday. February 17. 1904
S. S. NIPPON MARU
.:...:.;. Tuesday. iTarch IV 19O»
Via Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at reduced
rate*. For frrl?ht and passage apply at Com-
pany's office. 421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
qccanics.5Xo.S3^
q S ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Jan. 9. It a. m.
S° S SOVOMA, for Honolulu, Samna. Auck-
"land- and Sydney. Thursday. Jan. 21. 8 p. m.
S. S. MARIPOSA. for Honolulu. Feb. 11. 1304.
«j!$SeCKU* Kfl.B.. *jS..T«iit J3b,U J fcrtea
f ne^tXSaLiZI Baric! SL.Jlsr Ix. I. Fasffle II
C0X7AOHIS GENE3ALS TBAK3 ATLANTIC 1
DIRECT. LINE. TO HAVRE-PARIS. -»«c^-»
Sailing every Thursday lnstea-1 ci *JjfU]2>
Saturday, at 1O a. m.. from Pier 42.
* River, foot of Morton street.
First class to Havre. S70 and upward. See.
ond class to Havre. $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson Building),
} New York. J. F. FUGAZI t CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. & Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
Kara Island aad T»lle]o SMtrncr*.
" Steamer GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO-^
0:45 a. m.. 3:13 and 8:30 p. m., txcept Suniay.
Sunday. tt:43 a. to.: 8:30 p. m. Leave Vallejo.
7 a.' m.. '12:30 and 6 p. m.. ex. Sunday. San-
day. 7 a. tn.. 4:1.1 p. m. Fare. 50 cents. Tel.
Maih 150S. PUT 2. Mlsslon-SL. dock. HATCH
BROS.
| PUCE YOUR "oSDEtt EARLY }
|T^20filCENTURY|
1 COOK BOOK
Another shipment will ;
. arrive about January 21,
1904.
In order to satisfy the-v
demand for this premium I
we hare ordered another
rr.rload of these books,
j aiid all persons sending to ;
The Cook Book Depart- ' -
; ment of tliln paper n stx >
months' Knbserlption to '
. Tbo Daily and Sunday !
Call may secure one of the
Twentieth Century Cook
Books at the premium
j rate of 5Cc
I Qri-oMewn subscribers ebocld remit I
I 20c tddilijcil ta prepay transpcrhtiM ITowr.send's California glace fruits an4
candies. aOc a pound, tn artlat!c flr»
*iched boxes. A nice present for Eastsrn
friends. 715 Market st.. abovg Call bids. *
We have the assurance of the Federal administration,'
most positively and emphatically given, that we will
keep our' hands off in the great affair in which Japan and
Russia intend to settle their unfortunate differences.
This is ; all very well as far as it goes, but will tiie other
fellows keep their, hands off us? "*-» •
.
The Pyx Chapel, In Westminster Ab
bey, is about to be lighted by electricity
and thrown open to the. public. - The
chapel, which is now under the control
of the Office of Works, was at one time
the depository of the regalia of the
Scottish king". Access to this remark
able apartment," wifh its double 'doors
of oak. was possible only by the aid of
seven keys, which were In the posses
sion -of as many officials of the Ex
chequer. In former times the-Govern
ment standards and assays of gold
were deiwsitcd there, and among- the
other contents of- the . place are . a cu
rious stone altar and some ¦, ancient
chests, In which: state documents; Ex
chequer tally sticks and other, things
were stored. The woodwork of the In
ner door was formerly covered with
human skin— a warning:, no 'doubt, to
th« trrimtnal rtas-eps.
Elcctricitx in Abbey.
Henry Richard Gibson comtsto Con
gress from one of the mountain dis
tricts of Tennessee, where they make
moonshine whisky and vote the Repub
lican ticket with such persistence as
continually Ho keep the Internal reve
nue officers busy and the j Democrats
out of office. He is short of stature.
He has a weak, squeaky little voice
which sometimes gets clogged in the
midst of what - might be an eloquent
peroration or a flight of oratory calcu
lated to bring forth the applause of his
auditors.
Gibson was addressing himself to
the idiosyncrasies of the Democrats in
general and their . position upon the
tariff Question In particular, when he
exclaimed:
"Why, tariffs are like a pair of sus
penders, sonViMmes tight and some
times Ioo3ev '-^ Uncle Sam neeu3 them
just the sa: I^f keep up his— "
Right here the voice, of the Hon.
Suspense.
A AND AN— Subscribe: . City. The
following from the Century Dictionary
is the explanation of the uso of a and
an: "A la used before the initial vow
el sounds and a before 'niti.il consonant
sounds. But an is sometimes used be
fore a consonant sound', especially be
fore tlie weak consonant ' and in writ
ten style and more formal spoken style,
an Is by many (especially in England)
required before the Initial h of a wholly
unaccented syllable, as If h were alto
•gether silent; as an h tel. but a hos
tess; an historian, but a l.:.lcry; an
hypothesis, but a hypothr *.lcal. In col
loquial speech and lnc-easingly in
writing a :s used l.i all these cases
alike." These quotations may serve to
Indicate to the correspondent to what
exten- the irregular use o' the Indefi
nite article Is sanctioned.
MASTEH OP THE ROLLS— Reader,
City. The Master of the Rolls in Ensc
land is the president of the chancery
division of the High Court of Justice,
and in rank stands next O Lord Chief
Justice cf England and the Lord Chan
cellor. He was an ancient c~»r of the
court and was formerly the chief of the
masters in chancery. He derives his
title from having the custody of all
charters, patents, commissions and
deeds enfered upon rolls of parchment.
The truth Is, 'at I'm "kep' In"
Most everything I do!
But one jolly thing about it
fs, the teacher's "kep' in" too!
—Leslie's Monthly.
I'm "kep* in" ef I whisper. .
An' I'm "kep' in" cl I chaw
The piece of gum I've borried
An' am warming in my jaw!
I'm "kep' in" on my joggrerfy.
My readin' an* my writin'.
An* I'm "kep' in" some for laughin*.
But I'm "kep' in" most for flghtln".
I'm "kep* in" when my marbles
Comes rattlin' from my pockets,
An' sometimes when my matches
Gets mixed up with my rockets.
I'm "kep* in" when I'm "tardy."
An' I'm "kep' in" when I'm "late";
I'm "kep' in" for "position" —
That means not settin' straight.
His Compensation.
NAMES OF WRITERS— A Call
Reader, Wheatland, Cal. In the lit
erary world Rev. Charles W. Gordon
is known as Ralph Connor; Sara Jane
LIppincott, formerly Clarke, as Grace
Greenwood; Charles .Herber Clark as
Max Adeler. and Susan Chauncy Wool
sey as Susan Coolldge.
"¦¦''>'¦.. •' ¦ • ¦ " '¦'• L-A; ¦'' *' '
Some, of the critics have found fault with Patti's upper
register, and others with her lower register. The diva's
manager, : however, simply looks at the box office cash
lister. ' / ;•¦• . ¦ '
The method of raising money that the Independent
proposes is an annual State tax of one:half mill for agri
cultural purposes, the proceeds to be distribute^,* under
proper safeguards, among the cities of San Francisco,
Los Angeles, Sacramento, Stockton, San , Jose and Fres
no, "for the purpose of maintaining permanent agricul
tural exhibits to which^all counties shall have constant
access for a reasonable display of products under cer
tain conditions." This sort; of show at central points,
the Independent says,. would "help the whole State."
The oVooosition is too novel' to be iudged- witKout full
THE Stockton Independent has started on a crusade
to have permanent exhibitions of the products of
California maintained in several localities in the
State, these to take the place of agricultural fairs. The
purpose of the Independent would seem to be .to have
laws enacted by* the Legislature at its next session to
provide for the most effective form of exploitation of
the State's resources that can be devised. Whether its
plan is effective or not may become a matter of discus
sion, but the views enunciated, proceeding from the city
at the tidewater of the San Joaquin Valley, and in a
community intensely * devoted to advancement on all
lines, merit the attention of all. ¦¦ '
' It'is advocated- by the Independent that "the commer
cial'organizations and promotion .agencies of the State,
i which rely almost entirely on the products of agricul
ture as' the basis their campaign to secure immi
grants and investments, shall make a determined move
at the next meeting of the State Legislature to get laws
that will- place this particularly modern type of public
duty on a sound and legal basis." j
Coming to particulars, after a general attack upon the
agricultural fairs, the Independent says: . ,
"What should be done is to evolve a plan by which
the' State money appropriated to promote agricultural
competition and exploitation* may be expended along
modern lines, b} r agencies equipped for the. purpose, and
that will- maintain permanent and standing exhibits at
the points in the State most frequented. That' means
that the $50,000 or $100,006 which the State : usually ex
pends annually should be put in service to fortify the
promotion work of organized societies that display the
most enterprise at .the several chief points of distribu
tion.in the State." ' V ; V >. '
THE BAG LIMIT— J. and K., Ala
meda, Cal. In California the bag limit
or the number of game that a sports
man may capture in a day's hunt Is as
follows: Quail, grouse, snipe, ibis and
plover. 25; doves, 50; ducks. 50; rail, 20,
and deer (male), 3 in one season.
A NOVEL SUGGESTION.
EX-PRESIDENT— A. S.. City. Wash
ington is the "name of the ex-Pr«si
dent of the United States that contains
ten letters and Is the name of a city
in the Union and the only one In which
the inhabitants do not vote for Presi
dent."
Complaint has been made that the California, build
ing at the St. Louis Exposition is in an isolated, most in
wiccessibic place, and that, in caring for the interests of
the State, our representatives have been derelict! Let us
take satisfaction in the fact that if we are not in a good
place we have good things to show and that when'they
are seen our triumph, because of our enforced modesty,
Mill be all the more complete.
There are several claims that Nevada County makes
through the Miner. "It may seem paradoxical, but it is
no He to" say that Nevada Coun|y has as many kinds of
climate as can be found in any one State of America. It
has every variety of . scenery from the most rugged
mountains and precipitous canyons to the peaceful pas
toral pictures of valleys where eternal summer reigns.
It is the banner gold "mining county of California. Its
dairy products are first winners at the State fair. Its
fruits are among the best flavored and most luscious
grown in any county. It is the best watered county on
the Pacific Coast. Its' people are the most hospitable,
progressive and happy to be found anywhere."
This would seem to be sufficient to attract the atten
tion Nevada County people think is due' to their home
precincts, but the Miner adds to the picture the. following
touches:
"Just at present the natural ice crop is being har
vested at and around' Truckee in the eastern part of the
county. At Pet Hill, in the southwestern portion,
oranges are being gathered. At the town of Maybcrt,
which lies snugly down in the deep canyon of the South
Yuba. River, the mighty mountain on the south has shut
out every glimpse of sunshine for more than two months
past, and old Sol will.not be able to cast his ¦''effulgent
beams into the depths until about the 2d of February."
n-^HE traveler who will take the Central Pacific line
I to Colfax and then ride on the connecting train that
•¦¦ runs up to Grass Valley and Nevada City will
find himself in an extremely pleasing and picturesque
region, stimulating to imagination and satisfactory in
actual contemplation. It, however, remains for a ,home
observer, one acquainted with its almost infinite, variety,
to adequately speak for Nevada County. Such a person
is found in the editor of the Nevada County Miner, who
writes that "at some time of the year, when the denizens
of the upper levels are reveling in the joys of snow
shoeing, coasting or skating, their neighbors of the
lower foothills are picking flowers and strawberries and
the like in their house yards."
Seeing the picturesqueness of the situation the editor
again writes: "It is in this same wonderful county where
the people gather the most luscious fruits from the sur
face of their lands and, tunneling under their orchards
and vineyards, dig QUt tht gold bearing rock and
gravel.') , *
QUAIL SEASON— Hunter, City. In
the State of New York the shooting of
quail la permitted only from November
1 to December 15, while on Long Island
quail must not be taken frdm January
to October 31, both inclusive.
NEVADA COUNTY'S
MINING CLAIM— A. C, City. A for
eigner may make a mining location and
dispose of It, provided he becomes a
citizen before disposing of the same.
The employes of the Health Depart
ment who are now engaged in clean
ing up Chinatown occasionally discover
some strange relics of the brave old
days gone by when millionaires used
to live in' the houses which are now
occupied by the yellow horde. While
they were tearing down an old wall
at 1022 Stockton street the other day
an old piece of paper, wrinkled and
yellowed by age, fluttered down, from
a niche where it had lain for years.
One of the department officers ex
amined It and found it to be a bill of
a famous old-time restaurant for "sup
per and attendance" amounting to $215.
Upon the back of it . were receipted
names which were once upon every lip
in the old days ef the mining kings.
Besides those of John McCullough and
Lawrence Barrett, the famous actors,
the following well known signatures
were on the old bill: Sam Wilson, Joe
Hoge, W. C. Ralston, William Sharon,
Judge Lyons, F. L. Pioche, I. Friedlan
der, Newtc-n Booth. Dr. A. J. Bowie;
M. S. Latham, Dr. Toland, Sam Bran
nan, Judge McKinstry, Hall McAllister
and Eugene Sullivan.
Shadow of a Feast.
CLARA MORRIS— M., City. The
home of Clara Morris, the actress, is
at Riverdale-on-the-Hudson, X. Y.
An steers to Queries.
Democrats in Washington have seized upon the Pan
ama treaty as a vehicle with which to "do politics"
against the administration and a purely partisan war
fare has been planned against the measure. It is this
unfortunate faculty of the Democracy of doing the
wrong thing at the right time that serves as a guide
post to the right road to the rest of the country.
Two cots stood side by side in the
Emergency Hospital. On one was the
form of a man, a great big strong
Iboking fellow. On the other was the
figure of a boy, a little fellow not more
than ten years of age. The head of
each was swathed in bandages, and
while the man bore his suffering in
silence the boy cried and moaned and
sobbed. . ,
"What's the matter, sonny?" asked
the man, as the boy cried aloud.
"I fell off a roof," was the answer the
lad returned, between his sobs.
"Hurrah for you," returned the man;
"I fell down a ship's hatch. Let's
shake."
An hour., later the nurse came into
the ward and walked over to the cots.
Both the patients were sound asleep,
and in the hairy fist of th* sailor rested
the tiny hand of his little companion
in misery.
Misery Loves Company.
From a suburb of Brussels has issued
a mandate likely to strike terror
through the heart of the local wine
bibber. The authorities of this enlight
ened district have been examining their
accounts, and they find that one of tha
heaviest items of their expenditure is
the direct outcome of a selfish intem
perance. Many accidents and a vast
amount of Illness are caused, they find,
either directly or Indirectly, by the al
coholic habit, and the expenses of thes*
accidents and these illnesses are. in a
great majority of cases, borne by the
ratepayers. So they have determined
that from this time forth the expenses
of any illness or accident brought about
by Intemperance shall be borne by the
person responsible; In other words, the
ratepayers wash their hands of th?
drunkard and leave him to perish or
save himself as best he can. This im
a view of drunkenness, with certain
modifications, which is likely to com
mend Itself to the electorate of our own
country, if the time ever comes when
they can be made to take an interest
in the bookkeeping of their govern
ments. — London Globe.
The Expensive Drunkard.
Party lines are 'drawn In Hawaii
much more sharply than in any .other
part of the United States. Far more, in
fact, than In the South is the political
line there the color line, and as in most
other places the color line is drawn
more, jealously and more sharply, by
the dark race than by the whites.
White men, Indeed, have small reason
for drawing lines. They are placed by
the fact of bfrth In the superior posi
tion. It is the men below the Inie who
must assert themselves without an as
sertion of inferiority. .
The Republican party in Hawaii is
the -party, of the administration natur
a?iy. It was to the Republican party on
the mainland that the first appeal of
the annexationists wa^ addressed,' and
th-» annexatlonlsts are not ungrateful.
The annexatlonists, likewise, represent
the whole sentiment hostile to the na
tive monarchical Idea. It Is natural,
tr.ereiore, that all the elements hostile
to this sentiment should drift together
:md become wedded Into one politlc.il
Tliat election, however, was only an
accident to a strangely mixed political
condition. There are but two political
I>r.rties in Hawaii, the Republican and"
the Home Rule. The last name is most
significant. Home, .rule, in Hawaii,
stands for native rule, and a condition
as nearly answering to actual political
independence as is posfble under the
Government of the United States. More
than that, it stands for the burning and,
over-present desire of the natives of*
the islands to be really Independent,
v.lth their own native ruler on . the '
throne and no closer relations with this
country than obtained In the good old
days of the lamented and seldom sober
Kalakaua. . ¦
This sentiment in not a matter of I
personal loyalty to Lilluokalani, nor to
any particular prince or princess of
her. line. The Hawaiian wants a king
or a queen, and it chances that at the
present moment l,iliuokalani represents
thfs racial want. That is the secret
of her strength with her people, just
as it would be of the strength of the
present Hawaiian delegate in Congress,
Prince Kuhio, commonly known as
"Prince Cupid," if. Lilluokalani were
out of, the wa>> and i ht" should'" chance
to be the next pretender In line. In
fact Prince Kuhio is in Congress now,
not bo much because of his personal
popularity— although he is personally
very popular at the islands — as because
he represent?, in some measure, this
loyalty "of the Hawaiians to the Idea
of monarchy. Prince Kuhio was elected
as a Republican, it is true, and in op
position to' the candidate of the ex-
Queen, who was conceded to represent
the native desire for Independence;
nevertheless he would not have been
elected if the natives who voted for him
had not believed that the Prince,
though not of the blood royal, must
still stand in some sort for the mon«*
archical idea.
This is, nevertheless, the fact. We
are holding Hawaii, so far as the na
tives are concerned, as a conquered
country. We are holding it by moral
force, it is true, for the army of oc
rupation is small. Camp McKinley,
near Honolulu, the only military post
on the islands, could not long survive
an attack by the natives in force. But
the Hawaiians know that the shores of
the American mainland are not far
away, and that with the vessels at
the command of the United States it
would be a matter of a few days only
before a force large enough to exterm
inate them could be landed.
It is the moral force of this knowl
edge that holds the Hawaiians ©"rom
open rebellion against the United
States, not any love for this country
or its people or its institutions. As a
matter of fact the native Hawaiian has
no love for us whatever. He loves his
own beautiful Island, and he dreams
of the day when a kindly fate will re
store to • the throne some one of the
line of duaky Sovereigns whom he wor
ships.
It" has "become so. much a matter of
course in the short time since the an
nexation of Hawaii to look upon the
islands and their inhabitants as belong
ing to the United States that it will
surprise many readers to learn that
the native Hawaiians have never been
entirely reconciled to the absorption of
th^ir country."
Politics in Hawaii:
- In the ls^st ten years the gross earn
ing* per mile have increased from
$€963 to $S696 and the net from S20GS
The railroads command the best
talent in the world and pay salaries so
liigh that men who formerly would
have drifted into public Jife as afford
ing the best vehicle for the display of
their talents now onler the railroad
Seld, wherein lfce opportunities for
advancement are practically without
iim.it.
These ligures and comparisons give
some idea of the stupendous interests
Involve**, in the decision to be rendered
bjf the Supreme Court in the Northern
Heturities case, for ( if that decision is
favorable lo that company the
monopoly feature of the railroads will
be emphasized, inasmuch as the con
trol of these vasts interests might be
<onccntrai.ed in one great securities
holding company. It might be a
benevolent monopoly, and its opera
tion actually benefit the commerce of
the country, but it would constitute a
power In r.ome respects bigger
than the Government itself. In
the Northern Securities case the
fact that the combination has the
power to restrain trade is held
to makn ii a combination in restraint
of trade, although its attorneys claim
that it is a combination designed ac
tually to benefit and expand trade.
Before 1803 the railroad* as a rule
xv ere j-heaply built. They were oper
ated, for the most part, on a hand-to
mouth basis, floating debts had to be
created in order to obtain, the neces
sary working capital, there was gen
eral demoralization in rates and dis
astrous traffic wars.' Much of the dis
tress caused by the panic of 1893 was
due to the weakness of the railroad
ronipanies, many of which went into
bankruptcy.
In the past ten years there has been
a wonderful transformation. The
jihysical iciidition of the railroads,
their bridges, roadbeds, fails, rolling
stock and the like have been \ largely
renewed in a most substantial meas
ure, *=o that construction has become
of u. more permanent character, par
taking largely of the solidity, of the
English railways. Moreover much of
this his been accomplished out of
earning!!, have been notable
ecorrtonies in operation." The system
of getting- the most and th« best out
of the railroads at the least cost, with
out impairing 'heir efOcleney and pub
'!c service, has been carried almost to
the point of an exact science. Presi
dent James J. Hill of the Great North
ern Railroad, who has beeniargeiy In
strumental in reducing: the cost of
operation to the lowest possible point,
«nd at th«» same time of raising the
efficiency, now says that the limit of
economy has been reached and that
rates must be advanced unless prices
of supplies a *'d wages of labor are re
duced.
The railroads have outstanding 512,
513,5$1,425 of stocks and bonds, repre
senting one-eighth of the estimated
wealth of the United States. The capi
talization in stooka and bonds is equal
to the total government debts of France,
'Jreat IJritain, Italy and the United
States. Last year they carried 635,000.
000 j>aspengers». a number greater than
all the Mongolians in the world and
nearly one-half as great as the earth's
entire population.
The tons of freight moved were 1,192,
126,510, or more than five times the
weight of all the coal, iron, steel, cot
ton, wool and copper produced In the
United States. The gross earnings from
traffic were in 1902 $1,720,814,900. and the
operating expenses $1,160,788,623. The
receipts were 251 per cent greater than
the receipts of the United States Gov
ernment, and it cost twice as much to
operate the railroads as it does to run
the Government. The traffic earnings
<jT the railroads in the United States
amount in one rear to more than the
Titiro stock of money in France.
The Railroad Monopoly.
BT SERENO S. PRATT.
[Editor Wall Street Journal, New York]
•Copyright. li«C.1, bv Joseph n. Bowlfs.)
•Railway transportation," said Inter
state Commerce Commissioner Prouty to
the American Economic Association six
month? ago, "is a monopoly."
If this Is a fact it is important to
know how big a monopoly it is. Not
much investigation is needed to dis
cover that there is none other equal
t.» it.
In the first place It Is continental in
«cojie and power. The railroad touches
American Hie. American business and
American civilization at every point.
There ar<> in the United States 204,000
mites of railway — thi? being more than
in any other country. These 201,000
miles are nwned by about 2000 compa
nies, of which 1015 are operating com
panies and in which there are more
than l.ofKMHW stockholders. Thes»e com
panies are combined in nineteen differ
ent systems, controlled practically by
a group of nine men. The railroads in
1902;" paid $178,200.7^2 in dividends and
(04,712,000 in wages. They afforded live
lihood to 3.000.000 persons, employes and
their families. It ls« not too much to
pay that one in every Eeven persons
in th<- country has a more or less di
rect concern in the railroads.
If then this is a monopoly, it is a
monopoly on when millions depend for
their bread and butter. Moreover, it Is
a monopoly tempered by certain eco
nomic conditions that have the force
of competition, that is regulated by a
certain degree of governmental super
vision and that is subject in no small
measure to the restraining influence of
market movements. *
Henry Richard Gibson struck a. high
treble note, flared and stopped short.
His vocal chords failed to vibrate and
produce sound.
The House held its breath while Rep
resentative Henry Richard Gibson tool*
a long one to dear his throat. Ths
suspense, which seemed to last for full?
a minute, was mora painful to auditors
than to orator, for every one was won
dering whether the Hon. Henry Rich
ard Gibson would say "trousers" or
"pants," and some t even thought that
he might say "pantaloons," Inasmuch
as he comes from a remote mountain
region. Even "overalls" would be bet
ter than "pants," which is most unpar
liamentary.
But all fears were without founda
tion, for the Honl Henry Richard Gib
son would be guilty of no impropriety.
Finally, when he had cleared his throat
and recovered his voice, he continued,
"his running expenses — "
The words which followed for tha
r.ext half minute were forever lost in
the shouts of laughter coming from
members who had never before heard
Uncle Sam's trousers referred to as
running expenses.
ON January '4 there occurred two events which
have a strong significance in the still unsettled
problem of what kind of government is to be
eventually bestowed upon our possessions in the Pacific
and the Caribbean. Chief Justice Fuller a>f the Federal
Supreme Court on that day passed downla decision to
the effect that Porto Ricaos are not aliens, but are en
titled' to free access to this country. Upon the same
day, away off on the other side of the globe, there was
put into effect the Hawaiian county government act,
providing the Hawaiian?, for the first time in their his
tory, with a machinery for. local government outside of
municipalities.
With the institution of the county government system
Hawaii is now as full-fledged a Territory as Oklahoma
and higher in the scale than Alaska. With the decision
by Chief Justice Fuller that Porto Ricans are exempt from
the provisions of the immigration law we are confronted
by about 953,000 new citizens, for if not aliens what else
are these residents in the territory of the United States?
Here, then, are two peoples, citizens of the United
States; not States; notcolonies; not protectorates.
In a recent speech the Hon. Whitelaw Reid vigor
ously condemned the idea of ever admitting to statehood
any of the islands of the sea which are now ours or
which may become ours. This is right in line with the
expansionist policy which Mr. Reid has supported from
the time he sat with>the Peace Commissioners at Paris.
It is no retrograde movement from the policy of the
party which carried through a successful war with Spain
and has successfully provided provisional governments
for the lands wrested from that power.. Yet at the re
cent McClellan love feast in New York, when some Bour
bon voiced a rumor that President Roosevelt had in mind
the formation of a colonial Cabinet and that leading Re
publicans in Congress favored the idea, the dining-hall
shook with Democratic denunciation.
We have entered upon a colonial policy once and for
all. A change in politics could not effect a reversal to
the old order of things. Should the Democrats get into
power, what could they do to change the colonial policy?
Either they would have to hold out a promise of state
hood .to opr island dependencies or imitate Cleveland in
his policy of dealing with Hawaii. The futility of Cleve
land's effort to restore the Hawaiian monarchy is, how
ever, too fresh in. the public* mind for even the most
blundering ,of Democrats to venture upon a similar pol
icy. . Wenjay therefore conclude that the, policy adopted
by McKihley and followed by Roosevelt in dealing with
the islands will continue, no matter what administration
comes into power. *
OUR COLONIAL POLICY.
Four of our torpedo-boats demonstrated on "an At
lantic run the other day that they cannot stand the test
of ordinary weather, and for the purposes for wfiich they
have been constructed would be useless. Incidents of
incapacity in our fighting cr^aft^are becoming so frequent
that it is about time for the nation to insist upon a peace
party and intrench it absolutely in power in Washington.
In view of Mr. Pinchot's report, it seems as* if the
State has official duty and responsibility in the matter of
saving our forests. Lumbermen themselves are im
pressed with the desirability of making the timber crop
permanent by careful harvesting. It is probable that
legislative concert with them would product results in
the way of a State Forestry Commission, with such juris
diction and resources as will enable it to co-operate with
timber land owners^ in the 1 prevention of forest' fires.
Fire Is the first enemy of the timber to be fought. If
only the saw and ax were used the forests would go on
repeating themselves. Eut when the blazing besom of a
timber fire has swept the mountains they are left bare
and blear.
Last year millions of fine pines from twenty to fifty
feet high were burned and destroyed. From the rail
road this destruction may be seen on both sides of the
track from Auburn to Colfax. Between the North and
Middle, forks of the American River, square miles of
such trees were burned during the summer. The pres
ent and prospective value 1 of the timber destroyed would
pay for a forest patrol on every township of timber for
the next hundred years. No doubt if such commission is
proposed in the next Legislature, men will run and look
into the treasury and say it will not stand the,'expe,'nst.
Let them instead run and look into the future; let them
see the mountains stripped of their timber by fire and
then of their soil by erosion: let them see. the water lost
in torrential channels and the valleys turned again into
deserts; let them see the baked earth, where the grapes
of Eschol and the fruit of the gods r once grew, and then
say whether the expense of preventing all this is too
great for the treasury. . •
Just what such a future would be is now on view in
Montenegro and in Palestine; The soil of Montenegro
is washed off and the terraced rocks remain; barren sand
glistens where the daughters of Shiloh danced in the
vineyards. If California is wise we will not destroy our
mountain forests, no matter what it costs to preserve
them.
California gets more space and consideration in that
report than any other State. The nobility and grandeur
and economic value of our forests justify this attention
to their welfare. Nowhere else on earth are such trees
found as beard the cheeks- of our mountains. In the
moving pictures which are to illustrate the resources and
industries of the State at St. Louis is one, in the lumber
group, which shows the felling of a giant sugar pine on
the 'slopes of Mount Shasta. The ax men appear and cut
the- saw clef, and the sawyers put in the great crosscut
saw, and finally the autocthon falls.
The scene is thrilling enough even without the dying
groan that goes up in the final moment. Immediately
upon the falling of the tree a man jumps a big black
horse on the stump and gallops him around it. In no
other way can strangers be as fully impressed with the
size of our timber. They read the measurement in girth
and cross section, but the figures make but little impres
sion. When they see a tree felled and a horse ridden on
the stump, they are not looking at figures, but facts.
These moving pictures in the group of lumber indus
tries will not only impress the country with the great
ness of our forests, but with the rapidity of their de
struction. When they are gone the beauty of the moun
tains and the fertility of the valleys will be destroyed.
Well may the valley rancher exclaim,. "I look to the
mountains whence cometh my help."
THE Call has ssid that the forests of the continent
are making their last stand on the Pacific. , Like
the Indians who cared for them, and for whom
they were a home, the forests have fallen before advanc
ing civilization, and have yielded to the a* and saw and
fire, from the Atlantic Coast clear to the Sierra Nevada,
and now they arc attacked in their last stronghold. The
truth of our observation is certified in the current report
of Mr/Gifford Pinchot, chief of the Bureau of Forestry,
at Washington. . ,
CALIFORNIA IN FORESTRY.
to $2890, a striking evidence of the
benefits of' progressive management,
with high-^class labor and freedom
from speculative tendencies. ; Un
doubtedly the strength of the railroads
is one of the most reassuring features
of the business situation at this time,
when there is so much talk of a re
action in trade. The development of
the railroads has called for a vast sum
of money that has in large degree
caused the congestion of credits in the
money market, but the .railroads — to
their honor, let it be said— have been
remarkably free from the speculative
excesses of the past few years.
Most of the advance which the rail
roads have made in the last ten years
has been achieved since 1897, when
the trans-Mississippi decision was ren
dered. That decision, it may (be re
called, made railroad pooling illegal.
It was thought at the .time that the
decision struck a blow at railroad de
velopment, from which recovery
would be difficult.. But as a matter
of fact, while the decision changed the
direction of railroad development. It
did not prevent it.
"Excuse me one minute, madam,"
said Dr. McElroy, and he stepped into
his office and , called up the Central
Emergency ambulance.
She was dressed in blue serge and
wore, a skirt that would have covered
a fifty- vara lot. Her umbrella was of
a delicate pea green tinge from long
usage. The bonnet she wore in a rak
ish manner on the back of her grizzled
Psyche knot was of the Civil War
period. Altogether she was a relic.
When she had made her presence
known to Dr. McElroy she stated that
she wished to be taken Into the City
and County Hospital because she had
nervous troubles of a rare sort. She
said that her complaint was so bad
that no- lodging-house keeper would
allow her to stay longer than a week
— they didn't like her sweet little pets.
The urbane doctor was about to ac
commodate her when she expressed
the greatest solicitude for a battered
old valise which she carried in her
hand. "My little pets are in here,"
quoth she, "and I would not be sep
arated from them for a minute. If I
did I would never have anotner day
of good luck, and Lord, knows I have
had enough bad luck."
'.'May I be permitted to see your
pets?" asked the doctor.
"Yes, but you must not make face3
at the little dears and scare them.
The ashman made faces at them once
and one of them died within a week.
I had the ashman arrested and he is
now in San Quentln for murder in the
second degree." With this Introduc
tion the old woman carefully opened
the satchel and after unwrapping a
bundle of tissue paper and old rags
she brought to view a tin can, per
forated with holes. Tenderly she
opened the can and there within dis
played to the doctor a squirming mass
of six young rats.
"Their father was a kangaroo,"
said the battered old woman, "and
they never knew who their mother
was. • I know, however, but I will
never tell them the history of their
birth — the shame would kill them."
She leaned toward the doctor's ear
and whispered in an awesome voice:
"Their mother was a sea anemone —
a lovely sea anemone, who was cast
up on the beautiful shores of Mada
gascar, w*here — "
Her Pets.
consideration. To the interior counties it would be of
course a matter of great importance were it brought up
for anything more than an academic discussion, and if
the Independent sticks to the issue the debate on it will
soon become -interesting to the whole State.
'T.H-E SAN FRAN CISCO GALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor . . -? . . . ... Address AU"-Communications to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication O~ice <^Sljg^> ¦-•" • • ThIrd nnd Markct Streets, S. F.
SATURDAY... .......:............;...,..,:.,,...../.. .;. •• •"• ..•.•".• ..... JANUARY 9. W
, • f x -¦'<¦-' ¦ • ¦>¦¦'¦ '.¦¦•-.
THE SAN FRANCISCO , CALL. SATURDAY, JANUARY 9, 1901.
Special Information supplied daily t»
hubwcsi hoiues and public men by tb«
Press Clipping Bureau iAIlen'3). 330 Cali
fornia street. Telephone M»i« '<"* •
8
INSTRUCTIVE STUDIES
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMEN
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMESThis week. 7? Fourth St.. front of Keys' cele
brated cvater house.ei'efflasscs.CDeca. 15c to 50c. •
LONDON. Jan. 8.— Mme. Antoinette Sterling
(Sirs. J. Maclnley). the ballad slnsT. and a
vice rrepldent of the Woman's Christian Tem
ptranc« Tnlon/U seriously III.- Mme. Sterling
wan born at Kierllngvillc, N. Y., aftd made her
debut ta 1873. -
year at 6 pencent
Harvey H. Dana has ' mortgaged
property on the northwest corner of
Geary and Hyde streets to the Mutual
Savings Bank for' $100,000* for one
Records Heavy Mortgage.
The Republican party, has ample ma
terial from which to choose a Presiden
tial candidate. There's no use in worry
ing when such men as Roosevelt. Hanna,
Grant, Taft and Cannon are alive. Buy
a gas range from the San Francisco Gas
and Electric Company, 415 Post sft •
"Why did the steamer Sausalito try
to # climb over Angel Island in a fog
on November 24?" was the subject of
an investigation held yesterday by
United States Local Inspectors Bolles
and Bulger. The accident happened
at 9:08 p. m. on the trip from San
Francisco to Sausalito. • There were
fifty passengers on board, but no dam
age was done. *
Captain Charles J. Lucky, master
of the Sausalito, testified that the
steamer was running at "the usual fog
speed — slow full speed," and that five
minutes after he had passed the
northwest end of Alcatraz Island he
thought he saw her course on the
compass "west northwest," her proper
course, but her found three minutes
later that he had made a mistake and
that the compass^showed that the ves
sel was going north northwest, a de
viation of 45 degrees from' the proper
course.
The matter was taken under advise
ment. .
• ; ¦ • •
Captain Lucky of the Sausulito Kx
plains Why the Boat Tried to '
Climb Angel Island.
FERRY STEAMER'S FEAT
BEING INVESTIGATED
An election resulted in the selection
of the "old . officers for the new year.
The membership of the Associated
The annual meeting of the Asso
ciated Charities was held in the maple
rf-oom of the Palace Hotel yesterday
afternoon and was marked by an ex
ceptionally large attendance. Osgood
Putnam, president of the organization,
presided..
The proceedings were opened by an
address by Oscar Gushing of the State
Board of Charities, who spoke of the
work among the unfortunate by the
members of that organization and,
dwelt at length on the necessity of
educating public opinion on the mat
ters of. charity. He declared that no
matter how hard representatives of
charitable institutions labored their
work would never be as effective as 1
desired until the public had lent its
sympathy to their projects.
Miss Lucy R. Fisher reviewed in an
interesting manner the good work ac
complished by herself and associates
in the hospitals, and Miss - Katherine
Felton, secretary of the Associated
Charities, told a pretty story of how
the sopiety is endeavoring to care for
helpless children, whose unfortunate
condition comes under its attention.
Charles A. Murdock, vice president
of the society, followed with an ad
dress, during which he referred to the
necessity of the city establishing a de
tention home for children whp are
brought before the newly created
Juvenile Court, At. present, he said,
there is no place for these unfortu
nates except ln-the cells of the prisons,
where a demoralizing Influence always
prevails. He also called the attention
of the society to the present deplorable
condition of the City and County Hos
pital and expressed the hope that it
would not be removed to the proposed
site near the Almshouse.
He advocated- a more liberal ..ex
penditure of money, by the city for
the maintenance of the hospital and
in this connection he stated that the
average cost per capita for maintain
ing inmates of seven different hospitals
in the East was $1 90, as against 64
cents in the local ,. County Hospital.
Of the latter amount, the speaker said,
24. cents was for food and 40 : cents
for the care of patients. ' In the East
ern institutions there is a nursed to
every two and a half patients, while
here there is one nurse to, every nine
patients. ~. ; ' ' , ..
The afternoon's session closed with
an address by ~ Rev. Bradford Leavltt
on- the work of relief committees. He
reported Xhat the organization, of a
committee for general relief was p'ro
gresslng slowly; but satisfactorily- and
that it was the hope of the promoters
of the project to secure at least $6000
a year for its particular charitable ob
jects, among 'which is the I rendering
Immediate assistance to deserving citi
zens. ¦•."¦-, ' ; : '.'.¦':
Associated Charities Meets in
Annual Session and Reviews
the Work of the Past Year
In seventy-two Sunday schools di
rected by the army 5360 meetings
were conducted and were attended
by 137,000 children and, young people.
The Salvation Army has closed its
midwinter congress, which Is admit
ted by those who for years have at
tended similar gatherings to hava
been one of the most important that
the organization has yet held inf this
city.
The result of last year's work, as
given by Colonel George French in the
closing session, aroused intense en
thusiasm and yesterday those' that
had been in attendance at .the confer
ence tendered Colonel French and his
officers a vote of thanks and congrat
ulation on the showing made.
Among the most striking figures o£
the statistics are: Outdoor and in
door meetings for one year on the
Pacific Coast province alone, 68,000;
total attendance in halls, l.Oft^.000,
total number professing salvation at
indoor meetings, 7495; hours spent in
house visjjation by officers, 62,000;
total number of tnen sheltered in
army's hotels, 159,000; employment
found for 6700; 12,000 of the poorest
were provided with dinner Christmas
day and 7? 00 garments were distrib
uted.
ed Services in Halls on Pa
cific Coast.
During I.ast Year One Million Attend-
SALVATION ARMY PROVES
ITS WORK BY STATISTICS
AIDING CITY'S
UNFORTUNATES
Nearly all the sympathy that seep*
Judge Golden Tries Cases.
Justice of the Peace Isidore Golden
is holding court in a room adjoining
the Justices', Clerk's office. He 'tried
two cases yesterday and has taken
both under advisement. Walter Dorn,
who was . appointed Justice of the
Peace by the Board of Supervisors,
still retains possession of the court
room formerly occupied by Judge
Percy V. Long.
Louis Hasshagen for the last seven
years has been in the habit of disturb
ing the peace of his mother's home
at 1912 Golden Gate avenue. Lately he
has fallen into the habit of breaking
up the furniture and threatening: the
life of the mother. who bore him. Three
years ago he was employed in the aud
iting department of the Southern Pa*
ciflc Railroad, but lost his, position be
cause he could not keep sober.' Since
then he has made an unenviable, rec
ord in brawls while under the.influ
ence of liquor. As a last resort his
mother had him arrested, and the en
tire family came before Judge Mogan
yesterday to testify to his misconduct.
He was given three months in the
County Jail. „
Charities, '^according" to reports read
yesterday, has increased In three year*
from 120 to 500. .
.¦ ¦ ¦
Ten unfortunate victims of the mor
phine habit .were before Judge Mogan
yesterday on the charge of vagrancy.
Under the new orders from the police
all 'these gentry are being gathered in.
They were examined.by the Judge and
every one of them testified that the in
ception of the habit arose frpm the ad
ministration of the drug by doctors to
relieve them of pain resulting from in
juries. .
"I really don't know what to do with
you fellows," said the Judge. "You are
unfortunates who are more to be pitied
than censured. It wili do you no good
to be sent to the County Jail, and be
sides I am, not sure that you deserve
it. I suppose you can't be cured, and
you lack the courage to seek the only
solution to your misery. There is cne
thing you must do, however, and that
is to keep off the public streets. Make
your haunts in Chinatown, where you
will be less noticeable; . and manage to
go home early at night. I'll give you
each _twenty : four hours In. prison and
I want you to follow ray instructions.
Any one of you 'disobeying them will
be severely punished on v hls next ap
pearance before me."
The remains were Identified at the
Morgue by letters and other papers,
and later by his brother Alfred, who
is also employed by E. J. Champion.
Louis was a native ot England, 31 yeors
old. • '
At 8:45 yesterday morning Temple
was seen approaching the intersection
of Townsend and Seventh streets as
a northbound Southern Pacific train
was approaching. Temple stopped four
or five feet from the rail and waited
until the pilot was within a few feet
of him. Then he threw himself across
the track and in a rew seconds^ was
mangled almost beyond recognition.' .
The fireman, Robert Getchell.Ffrom
his station on the left-hand side of tlie t
cab saw the unfortunate .man:!, thx'iw
himself under the wheels and at pnee
notified Engineer M. E.- Montgomery,
who brought the train to a sudden halt.
Temple's body was fearfully mutil
ated. The head, arms and legs had
been severed from the trunK and the
trunk itself was twisted and broken by
the iron wheels.
"I ,am going to make a good job of
it. I have tried everything. Absolute
ly certain. To hell with Russia.
"L. TEMPLE."
With nerves almost wrecked after a
two weeks' alcoholic debauch, stung
with remorse on sobering up and real
izing that he would be obliged to stand
trial, for attempting to kiss a pretty
telephone girl against her will, Louis
Temple yesterday morning threw him
self in front of a Southern Pacific train
and was killed Instantly.
Temple was a bright man with many
exc«llent qualities and the cardinal
fault of intemperance. He > had been
engaged in canvassing for the P. F.
pollier publications for several months,
and v when he attended to business his
commissions amounted to a very de
sirable salary. Two weeks ago he
starred on a spree and kept .drinking
day and night. When delirious with
liquor last Tuesday afternoon Temple
entered the Starr King building, and
finding that Miss May Cardoza looked
good to him threw his arms around her
neck and. -tried to kiss her. Her
screams summoned Miss Marjorie Mc-
Lennan, a stenographer, and she be
ing fair also Temple tried to hug her,
but she fought him off, and Temple was
taken to jail. He was released on 5700
bail on Thursday. On the evening of
that day E. J. Champion, for whom
Temple was working, received a card
on which the following was scribbled:
Tragic Deed of a Young 3Ian
Who Tried to Embrace Two
Girls . Against Their Will
"The Board of Harbor Commissioners
may have had evidence brought to its
attention outside of hearings of the
beard," said Mr. Davis.
"After the manner of the Dreyfus
case," retorted Mr. McEnerney. "Was
any resolution other than those in evi
dence adopted? Was any other testi
mony taken?"
Foy was recalled to the witness stand
and testified that between November
15 and December 3 there were no meet
ings of the board. •
W. H. Davis asked the witness if he
had heard of the board meeting as a
committee of the whole, and the wit
ness answered affirmatively.
"The Commissioners cannot meet ex
cept as a board to deprive people of
their rights," said Mr. McEnerney.
Foy testified that he was present
when the hearing of December 3 took
place. This testimony was introduced
to establish the fact of a hearing which
had not been made clear In testimony.
Foy said that' witnesses were called and
examined. :> .*;
Nothing else essential to getting at
the facts was given in testimony. Coun
sel expressed the opinion that the
r>earing of arguments would consume
half a day or more. Judge Sloss as
signed January 20 for the summing up
of the case.
Mr. McEnerney asked of Secretary
Foy whether the Harbor Commissioners
promulgated any rule prior to Decem
ber 4, 1903, to regulate the sale of per
ishable products on the State's
wharves. Secretary Foy thought none
was issued.
Commissioner Spear said that none
was promulgated earlier than Decem
ber 4. 1903.
Secretary Foy having been excused
from the witness stand, Mr. McEnerney
said that he wanted to have it admitted
that no proceedings had been taken
by the Harbor Commissioners relative
to the matter at issue except what was
included in the records that had been
put In as evidence.
"We are not prepared to make that
admission," said Attorney W. H. Davis.
"What will you admit?" asked Mr.
McEnerney.
Judge Sloss made no ruling, but said
he would rule when the case was all in.
ASKS ABOUT RULES.
Mr. McEnerney interposed that it was
difficult to argue the merits of the ob
jection advanced to the Introduction of
testimony that fills twenty to thirty
pages of typewritten copy unless the
copy was read. The Attorney General,
he also said, had argued the whole
case. The case depended upon the evi
dence in the records.
"It is alleged in the complaint," said
Attorney General Webb, "that no no
tice was given, but it will not be con
tended that It was insufficient, inas
much as the plaintiff and his attor
ney appeared. The law provides for a
specially constituted tribunal in this
matter, which is the Board of State
Harbor Commissioners. The act does
not provide for an appeal and the de
termination of the Board of Commis
sioners is final and conclusive.
"When the Harbor Commissioners
acted they had jurisdiction. The
court, at least in this proceeding, can
not inquire into any act of the board
under this law. The law does not pro
vide for a review or a rehearing. The
board has jurisdiction to determine
wrongly as well as correctly. If the
Harbor Commissioners erred it does
not lie in the power of the board to
review their action. The court could
not have interfered if the board had
decided not to revoke the permits to
sell perishable products on the State
property. The court cannot inquire
into the acts of a specially constituted
board unless there is something in the
law that gives the authority. In this
act no such authority is conferred."^
ReinsteUi also read the reply that
was made by Wolf of Wolf & Sons to
the board. ,
Attorney General Webb said that he
would object to the admission of the
transcript of the proceedings that took
place on December 3 last. He also
said that on December 3 the secretary
of Wetmore Bros., the plaintiffs in this
case, was present and Attorney Rein
stein was also present as attorney for
the plaintiff.
"Technically," said Mr. Reinstein,
"I was not present."
Attorney General Webb then 'said
that it was a fact that the secretary of
Wetmore Bros, and also Attorney
Reinstein were present when the hear
ing of December 3 took place and they
came to the meeting-room of the
board by reason of the notice that had
been sent out b^ Secretary Foy of the
Harbor Commission.
WEBB MAKES POINTS.
BOOKS ARE PRODUCED.
Attorney General Webb said that
he had no statement to make at that
time.
Mr. McEnerney called Secretary Foy
of the Harbor Commission to pro
duce the letter book of, the board and
the letter that was written to Wetmore
Bros., announcing to them that there
would be a hearing on December 3,
1903, relative to the Woodward law,
was inspected.
Attorney Davis agreed that this was
the only notice of the hearing that was
sent to Wetmore Bros, and the book
went in as evidence. In the letter
Wetmore Bros, were notified to appear
before the Harbor Commissioners on
the date mentioned at a meeting to be
held "to investigate the alleged viola
tions of the law regulating the sale of
perishable products on the State
property."
"This," said Mr. Reinstein, "brings
up the question of the jurisdiction of
the Harbor .Commissioners off the
State's property. The act gi%-ee the
Commissioners jurisdiction only on
certain specified property. While the
affidavit of Graves applied to L.
Scatena & Co., in' no instance did that
testimony apply to Wetmore Bros.
This raises the other point, that the
plaintiffs in this case had no hearing
before the Harbor Commissioners as
contemplated by the law and no due
notice.
place other than on the State's prop
erty.
HE JESTS BEFORE ' DYING
Reinstein also asserted that the tes
timony that was taken by the Harbor
Commissioners on December 3, the
date when the Wetmore Bros, lost
their permit, was not sworn to. He
also read the testimony of John G.
Wetmore. from which it appeared that
Wetmore had denied to the board that
in transactions on the State's wharves
or property his firm had violated the
provisions that were made a part of
the permit, but that he had refused
to answer any questions concerning
the transactions of his firm at any
There was auite an array of legal
talent in the courtroom when the pro
ceedings took place. For the Harbor
Commissioners there were present At
torney General Webb, Judge E. A. Da
vis and W. H. Davis, the attorney of
jhe board. For the Wetmore Bros., and
incidentally for all the wholesale deal
ers in perishable products in this city,
there were in court J. B. Reinstein and
Oarret McEnerney. Commissioner
Spear and Secretary Foy of the Har
bor Commission were there, and also
John G. Wetmore- of TTetmore Bros.
and some ether wholesale dealers.
Mr. Reinstein at the opening read
the complaint in the injunction suit,
which covered the points that have
been previously published as given out
by the dealers as their claim in the
matter at issue. He read the affidavit
of Mr. Graves, a retailer, which was
received by the Harbor Commissioners
as testimony on the day that the board
revoked the permit of Wetmore Bros,
to sell, and the attorney said that in
this affidavit Wetmore Bros, were not
mentioned.
ARRAY OF LAWYERS.
In the papers that were put in as
evidence were included the letter in
vhich Wetmore Bros, were notified that
there would be a hearing on Decem
ber 3. 1903; the stenographic transcript
of the testimony that was taken on
December 3; the rules and regulations
of the Board of Harbor Commission
ers, and the notices that were sent out
by Secretary Foy of the Harbor Com
missioners to the Wetmore Bros, con
cerning tl:e revocation by the board of
their permit to sell.
The harpenincs of yesterday are
summed up in the statement that all
the record that was made by the Har
bor Commissioners on December 3 and
4 and the period immediately preced
ing while proceedings against the
wholesale dealers in perishable pro
d-ucts was in immediate View was in
troduced by counsel for Wetmore Bros.,
the plaintiff in the injunction suit on
trial, ar.d a date was then set for the
hearing of arguments, this being Janu
ary SQ, at 10 a. m.
The principal point that figures In
the contention of the wholesale dealers
a.« azainst the action of the Harbor
Commissioners is that the Commission
ers have under the Woodward law Ju
risdiction on the wharves and other
property of the State only, and that
they cannot interfere with sales or pur
chases of perishable products that take
place elsewhere. The Harbor Commis
sioners take a contrary view. Yester
day the Commissioners, by Attorney
Webb, made a general statement to
the court. It was set up in their be
half j.hat the hrrard has sole jurisdic
tion under the Woodward law and that
th-re is no legal provision by which
their acts can be reviewed by the court,
and particularly in proceedings such as
were then before the court.
. After these permits had been taken
away five others than those mentioned
in the foregoing— nine concerns in all —
•uere deprived. Suits in injunction were
In srun. Stipulation was made that the
case of Wetmore Bros, should be tried,
and upon the decision in that case the
others shall depend. With this under
»-:anding proceedings have been sus
pended until the matters in court could
find decision. No ether permits have
been revoked.
Th« first hearing in court relative
to the Woodward law. regulating the
5?ie of perishable products by permits
issued on certain conditions by the
Board of State Harbor Commissioners
to dealers, took place before Judge
Sloss in the Superior Court yesterday.
Some time &SQ the Harbor Commis
sioners revoked the permits that had
been issued to Wetmore Bros., L. Sca
tena & CV., McDonough & Runyon and
\\\>If & Sons. The dealers secured
temporary restraining orders from the
court to prevent the Harbor Commis
sioners from interfering with the pale
of products at places other than the
a harves and other property owned by
the State in this city.
Edward Leigh ton is a big hulk of a
man on whose soul rests the crime of
wrecking one good woman's mind and
making dark, in the days of youth, the
lives of five children. The story of his
crime is the old tale of drink and bru
tality, borne for years and years by
a weary .woman who thought that for
the sake of herself and her , children
the man she loved and married in her
youth might some time' reform. ' For
eighteen tearful years she struggled,
bearing five children in the meantime.
The eldest of them is a brave little girl
of 17 years, on whose shoulders rests
the responsibility of caring for four
children younger tjian she. One is a
boy of 12, and he is managing to help
his sister * to keep the younger ones
alive, "while the father spends .. ' his
wages in drunken carousals on the wa
ter front.
Wednesday last the patient little
woman who has mothered this pitiful
brood of children was consigned to Ag
news Insane Asylum because the tor
ture of her position" had undermined
her intellect. The eldest daughter was
Induced to take the necessary steps for
the proper care of her mother under
the utmost pressure of the authorities.
For days she pleaded that with her
slim hands she could make a living for
all of: them, if she could only be al
lowed to keep her mother within the
household. Finally she consented to
her mother's removal . to the asylum,
and the arrest of Leighton followed.
He had no excuse to make before
Judge Mogan yesterday for the life he
had wrecked and the five little cast
aways he had consigned to the turbu
lent sea of -life before they were old
enough to buffet the waves. He ad
mitted that he spent in drink what
ever money he earned and that the only"
time he disgraced the family domicile
by his presence was when he had no
money and no other place to sleep. He
was ordered into custody and will be
held until he can give a guarantee that
he will contribute to the support of his
little ones.
from the uncoverings of human frail
ties ia. Police courts centered around
Judge Mogan yesterday. He was the
victim of an ' automobile accident
Thursday night and had a narrow es
cape from death. His chauffeur and a
motonnan, both j going: at a high rate
of speed— not s being under the warn
ing eye of the court to obey the laws
that prohibit racing-^disputed the right
of way with disastrous results to the
automobile and its occupants.
The Judge "sat on an air cushion dur
ing the session of his court and the
hearings: were conducted somewhat in
this fashion:' . ;
"You say, madam, that this man —
ouch!— tried to hit you in the eye and—
curses,, on that motorman! — you ran
around the stove and— woh!— tried to^—
geewhizl-f-avold him." ' .. ¦•
v Somehow he managed to get through
the day without committing any one
for contempt and at the conclusion of
the session hobbled painfully from the"
bench. In, the corridor he was met by
Judge ~ Cabaniss, who advanced with
outstretched hand and a Florence Rob
erts expression . of sympathetic agony
in his eyes."
"That was going some, k-i-d," said
Cabaniss, and walked silently away/
There were many .versions of the ac
cident current around, the Hall of Jus
tice. One of, them was that Judge Mo
gan and the chauffeur met in the air
about forty feet above the colliding ve
hicles.
"I'll bet you $10 to $7," shouted the
Judge, "that I hit the ground first."
The chauffeur didn't take the bet, but
he would have lost anyway, because
the Judge was much the heavier and
beat the driver out by almost two
fifths of a second. . -
Bemorse After a Debauch
Causes Louis Temple to
Seek a Horrible Ending
Mother of^ive Children Becomes Insane Through Worry
Over Husband's Conduct- and Care -of Large, Family,
ingenious Burglar Is Held for Two Crimes— Police kerns
Harbor Commissioners, Wholesale Dealers in Products That
Are Perishable rnd Strong Legal Talent Appear Before
Judge Sioss and Submit Testimony in a Stipulated Case
RASH KISSER
ENDS HIS LIFE
PITIFUL TALE OF NEGLECT
IS TOLD TO JUDGE MOGAN
BATTLE OVER THE WOODWARD
LAW OPENS IN THE COURTS
THE SAN FRANCISCO ): CALL, SATURDAY. JANUARY 9, .1901.
9
, . • POSTUK CEREAL.
Can You Get
Half the Fun
OUT OF
Coffee
That you can from even one day of
the joy of feding perfectly "tvell f
The world is bright, people kind,
and things go right when you are
free from the ails that coffee sets
"Don't beiieve it," some one says.
Try leavijjg off coffee and using
I'osium in its. place for a week or io
It may open yoi:r eyes to a fact
that will keep you well.
' THERE'S A REASON"
Look for the miniature book.
The Road to Wellville," in each
package of Postum.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Look at the Brand!
Walter Baker's
Cocoa and
Chocolate
The FINEST in the World
Costs Less -than One Cent a Cup
Forty Highest Awards in Europe
and America
Walter Bakier & Go. Ltd.
Estabnshed 1780 Dorchester, Mass.
. ' AMUSEMENTS. -
Racing !l|l8li^ kind
OAKLAND TRACK
NEW CALIFORNIA' JOCKEY CLUB. .
Commencing January 4. ' L
' Racing Each Week Day, Rain or Shine.
Six or More Kaces Daily;/
Races commence at -2:15 p. -m. sharp.
. ' For special ' trains stopping at the track take
S. P.', Ferr.V. . i foot of ¦ Market street, at 12.
12:30.-1:00." 1:30 or 2 o'clock. No smoking In
last - two cars, which are . reserved : for ladles
and their escorts. . , . ¦ J • • v-r.-i
:¦-: Returning Uralna leave ".track at 4:10" and
4:43 and immediately after. the last race.
"¦'.'- THOMAS H. WILLIAMS. President.
PERCY W.-; TREAT.; Secretary.
Z£, ADVERTISEMENTS.
ABSOLUTE SECURITY
Genuine CARTER'S. LITTLE LIVER PILLS must bear
% : ; , Fac-simile Signature of /^^^^
ijWARTER S
g*g^AbJoiutew CureE Bf I ¦ ¦ Lit
fj SICK HEADACHE. I [} \M pT O
TORPID LIVER. j I H w !¦¦ ll\
f&n \LJ PURRED TONGUE.B* I -». H ¦ ¦ ' tf%
fmffl m INDIGESTION. I *= O| I L S JH
*& UJ C0NSTIPATI0N vjp' I Jm
SALLOW SKIN. .: .
-> ¦ ¦ % # fl h"'" % Small Pill.
Th^ TOUCH*. LIVER "& S&
Genuine Wrapper Printed on / ¦[ : • * .-p —
RED PAPER BLACK LETTERS s£&^ Z^fZ^^ ~ X
took for t*e ll|..tur. S P^^^^^C^Tz^Z^
Z&'Ml AMUSEMENTS.
GRANDS
MATZinSB TO-DAT— I. AST WIGHT
JOE KELLY
THE. PIPE DREAMER.
In. the' Big Musical Cut-Up,
The HeadWaiters
Beginning- TO-MORKOW MATINEE
THE SENSATIONAL MELODRAMA
IN CONVICT STRIPES.
A Thrilling Story of Life In South Carolina.
USUAL POPULAR PRICES.
SPECIAL— Monday Afternoon. Jan. 11, at 2:15,
LAST CONCERT
MME'. ADELINA PATTI
(The Baroness Cederstrom.)
STEINWAY PIANO USED.
Union Coursing Park
P. J. BEII.LY. Judge. JAS. V.; GRACE. Slipper.
SUNDAY, JAN. 10, 1904
Gigantic Open Stake
v Ot Seventy-Six
High"Qass_Performers
SWOO-TOTAJ^URSNlOOO
TRAIN SERVICE:
Leave! Third and Town&end streets nV 10:U
a. m. and 11 a. m., 12 m. and 1 p. m. ; Twenty-
fifth and Valencia streets, five minutes later.
Returning, at 4:45 p. m. and after the last
course.' Kan Mateo electric car* direct to park
entrance every four minutes during the day.
ADMISSION 23 CENTS; LADIES FREE.
MATINEE TO-DAY, SATURDAY,' JAN. 9.
Parquet, any eeat. 25c; balcony. 10c; chil-
dren, any part »*xceot reserved, 10c.
A BIG, NEW SHOW.
Hnllcn n'nd Fuller; Dumltrcsr^, Van
Auken and Vannerson; The Sa-
Vaiis; Charlotte Guyer George,
the Tobins and .Orphenm .Motion
Pictures. T^ast times of Deaves*
Merry .Manikin-: Joan linden's Cy-
cle of L.ove nnd Ernest Hosan and
-Mnttu AVllkcs.
¦f*Al IIMBIA SU FH.WCISCO'3
MATINEE~TO-DAY.
j TO-NIGHT— LAST TIME. •
. • Charles Frohroan Presents .
Clyde Fitch's Best Comedy.
THE 6IRL WITHJHE GREEN EYES
To-Morrow (Sunday) Nifrbt — Only Time.
ALBERTA GALLATIN,
la Ibsen'i "Ghosts." Great V. T. Cast.
Beginning Next Monday,
MRS. LANG TRY
In "Mrs. Deertntr's Divorce."
SEATS KOW READY.
CENTRALS
Market Street, Xear Eighth — Phone South 533.
TO-NIGHT— LAST TWO NIGHTS.
MATINEES TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW.
The Sensational Hit of the Week.
MONTE GRISTO
The Unrivaled Masterpiece of Alexander Du-
mas, Staged on Stupendous ' Scale.
With Splendid Scenery and
Brilliant Cast. . .
HERSCHELMAYALL as EDMOND DANTES
EUGENIA THAIS LA WTON a* MERCEDES]
pDifCC Eveninr* 10c to 50c
miVL-J Matinees ..10c. 15c, 23c
Monday. Jan." 11— "THE "MOONSHINERS."
AT /fl A HT A Tl BeJaicofc Mayer.
ALCAZAR fiBssK
¦ '' *¦ General Manaser.
1 TO-HIOHT — THIS WEEK ONLY.
MATINEES TO-DAY AND SUNDAY.
• Great Success of the Romantic Play.
A I A FW "Does ample credit
JL«r\L/ I . to the actors and the
An ' stage management." —
OF ca "
OI I A I "ITV "Very excellent pro-
V£ *-H» "-* 1 ¦ m duction."— Chronicle.
Evgs., X3c to "75c; Mat. Sat. & Sun.. 15c to 50c.
NEXT MON. — Clyde Fltch'a Strongest Play.
THE MOTH III . First
AND lil Alcazar
THE FLAME. Ill Production.
The Fancy Dress Party and Fashionable Church
.WedJirg. _^
TO-DAY I ' TO-
MISD I MORROW
LASTTOF *4| Q U^^
. / " Next Monday Comes
"THE BEAUTY SHOP"
' It will become the Fad. and everybody •¦
going to see it. With ' our ;<All~Star Ca«t."
and first appearance- of. MISS HELENE RUS-
SELL and Mr. JOHN.PEACHET.
Seats now on sale for Two Weeks.
Matlneea ' Saturday and Sunday.
SAME TOPULAR PRICES.
AMUSEMENTS.
Ingleside
Coursing
Park.
•
ITake
SATURDAY and SUNDAY
January 9 and 10.
First rundown on Saturday. b»ginnin« MX
II :3O o'clock sharp. Sunday cour»ins will h«-
gln at 10:3U ahurv and continue till last «m-
n!ng flag goes up.
TOTAL PRIZES $860
AU Mlwion-ttreet cars transfer to Gu?rrer»
cars, which go Ulr>*ct to the nark.
THOMAS TIERNKY. Judp^.
EDWARD SHORTSTAG. Slipper.
n^^ HAPPYb
y to-night nam s
B THE LAST HOOLIGAN B
nj To-morrow .Night — Miller A
[^ Saylor's Company of Crmcriiana. Wl
L | headed hy the favorite. JACK SQ
JM CAMPBELL, in lioyt's famous r^
g 11^ C H|NATOWN. N
¦ - •.
TIV0U8SS.
MATINEE TO-DAT AT 2:15.
This and Ts-morrow Evening*. Last Time* of
IXION
A Mythological Musical Extravagant* ta
Three Acts.
BEGINNING MONDAY, JAX. U.
When Johnny Gomes Marching Home
USUAL. POPULAR PRICES— 2.V. 50c and "5c
Proscenium and Mezzanine Box Seats II 00
THE BRITTONS
And » Great Sfcow Every Afternoon aa*
Evening In tho Heated Theater.
INTERESTING BABIES IN THE INFANT
. INCUBATORS.
See Anita and Her Baby Monkey.
Visit the Mystic Mirror Maze.
f Take a Trip Down the Flume.
INSPECT "CAB ABET SB LA M0BTV*
Admlaston. 10c; Children. 5c.
EVENINGS AT 8:15.
BURTON HOLMES
Magnificently Illustrated Lectures.
COURSE A.— Tosemlte. TUea.." Jan. 12; Yel-
lowstone, Thurs.. Jan. 14; Grand Canyon. Sat..
Jan. 16; Alaska I. The Fjords. Tu«s.. Jan. 19;
Alaska II. The. Klondike. Thurs.. Jan. 21.
COURSE B.— St. Petersburg. Wed.. Jan. 13;
Moscow, Frl.. Jan. 1 3 ;• Siberia. Mon.. Jan. 19;
Peking. Wrrl., Jan. 13); Seoul, Capital of Korea,
Fri.. Jan. 22.
RESERVED SEATS $1. 75c and 30c. at Sher-
man. Clay & Co.'n. .
PfliflrP D0NT FAIL TO
laiaWW , ee the beautiful
j COURT Lounging
flflfl room, the EMPIRE
aUU PARLOR, the
r j PALM ROOM, the
lirflflU LOUIS XV PAR-
ui aim I LOR „,, tht la.
O ± 1 • ¦ DIES* WRITINO
1 Hotels £ q qm '•Cork has the" best dressed^arid' most
prosperous looking population, in' Ire>
land. - » ; . - , * ::.- -; ,
matches -easily. and 'wi|l : be}hard;to -beat
to-mc-rrow. None of the; sixi.teama^has
: The will of the late Charles Geddes
was filed tpri prob'ate 1 yesterday. ' The
dbeunient : disposes of an- estate "esti
mated., ¦ be;- worth/ $10, 000 or^' oven
The propeH>*i3*Iefft totfie* wiaow ; and
three children' of the deceased!"/
Gctltlts Wiir Filed.
following: letter from the -New York
Lipton testimonial committee:'
"The committee begs. to acknowledge
with' thanks the liberal contribution of
the citizens of Calif ornla • to ' the Sir
Thomas Upton testimonial. . The
amount, ?416 40, is far; more than we
expected from a State so remote" from
the yacht races and is typical of its
grenerosity." The communication' is
signed 'by. Lindsay Russell :for the : com
mittee. • • '. " -'; ¦ . ¦ ': • ¦
A Bntlsh golf \yriter.. in. commenting
on Miss Rhona Adair^s, visit to Mhis
country, last year, says .that,, although
shV showed unquestioned superiority, to
American lady. golfers. -the rtiargin^of
skill, was' but- a small •one. i Several -of
her opponents gave.her .hard. matches;
and in the course of a.few years -British
players:\vill need to put* forth all, their
resources . in orderUo ; hold Ttheir own
against:.. a' representative' American
team.',, "." ' . ' _;•¦; V^ . ' •. "
. On the first day of the new year, the
San. Rafael golfers held a handicap and
mixed foursomes. The handicap was
over eighteen holes, medal play, and
was. won. by .W. J. Casey with a score
of 111 less 10. net 101. J. J. Crooks was
second 'With 103 less 1. net 102. The
mixed four .somes were won by Mrs.
G. H. Roe and R. J. Davis. The scores
follow r
SAN -RAFAEL* GOLF CLUB— MIXED FOCH
; - SOMES.
~r— — — — — — — — — — __ __
. . . COLTLE3. m | . • :
••>•'••¦'' -¦¦ ' ¦ \ ,1 I
• Mra. Georse H. •' Koe and
¦W..J..an.l Mri. Casey ,;« « S5
Mi*» Allc* Hoffman and J. »-.-¦»*
• J. Crobka _... cj •> Kt
Mrs. E-J.> Hooper and R. "
'. B. . HeJlman 71 ( i(t B1
Or. and Mra.-H. O. Howttt 7s> J 17 ai,
Mr?. C. Hinirrt and D. H.
¦ H.rdjr.t.T.-.r.r..-;... ' { 4 c
, The.orlze was a set of coffee ; spoons
N with hardies representins in miniature
theihpad.of-a-Kblf club aind wu pre
sented by J.' J.'. Crooks.
and notified the secretary soon after
the card, had, been handed in. The case
was' referred td the rules of golf com
mittee, who. under rule 4 for medal
play competitions, disqualified Fry and
awarded the prize to Hutchison. Had
Fry mentioned the error and caused it
to be corrected at the time his card
was handed in no questions would have
arisen, but rthe rule is clear, and It is
specially desirable to keep to the letter
of the law in stake competitions.
The schedule of events foremen, as
arranged' by the San ' F t ranclsco dolf
Club Council, which went out of office
on the 2d inst.. has been played, out.'
¦ The new council elected last Saturday,
a: its first meeting, will" select a presi
dent and a- .secretary-treasurer • from'
itf'o'wn number, and ' will appoint ' a-
S'reen committee and . a tournament
committee. The new tournament ccm
mittee :will • prepare > a -of
events to take, place on the, Presidio
lirvks during the coming, three or four
months.'-' l - ." •' ' ''.'.'"'¦
¦ The ladies'- annex of the- San Fran
cisco ¦ Golf ClUb will hold the first
event of the new. year < on -.Tuesday
next. At 9:30 in the. morning the quali
fying- .-round- -over eighteen holes,
medal play, of a competition for the
Council's cup for women will" begin.
The eight, competitors.wh'o. make the
lowest . scores .wjll t . take, .part ! in tb«»
first round, at match play, to be held
on Wednesday 'mornmg. ' The four
•y/inners of the.openirig matches wlH
play in the semi-flnal rou^nd ©n.Thurs
day.morning, and the winners In tli's
.round will take. parfjn. the flnal'round
on Friday morning. - ."•...•¦ " < '¦¦.- \
If' only ¦ eight -competitors '
themselves for the qualifying round,
the' first matcli \>lixy round may be held
on Tuesday morning, in which case
the semi-final . round will '.'come -on
Wednesday and -the final round, on
Thursday morning. Play on .each: day
will start at 9:30a. m. The present
holder of- the council's ,cup forewomen :
is Mrs. . E. S. . Miller, who won It at j
the competition held oh December. 3,
4 and'5 bfiast year> : t • ¦"'¦ ' •
¦ The contest for the- Gobdalr trophy,
of the Oakland' Golf Club brought out
twenty-four competitors, -the -. .winner
be.ing .Frank -.G..- Kales, who, playing
from scratch, made the 36 boles -in
164.- F. S. Stratton. with a f Harylicfip of
2 strokes, made a net' score of 165.
The full details, are shown "in the
tabier . ¦ ;', ;,.¦; .' "... .-
COMPETITOKS. 5| 3 Z, ' 2 ••
¦ • ;. ? C 3 C '• -
: a. " a. '- : J : : ' • ¦'
Frank G." Kales.:.... SSI 451 3s\'4*'|l«4| 0 1€4
F.. S. Strattoni.. •..'.. 41 '45 .*» 42|l«7it 2^C3
W. P. Johnson 401 43 42| 4»il71( 0J1T1
G. E. dc tiolla. ... 451 49 .*»! BO t53t 12! Ill
I). Hutchlnioh:.. .... '4S> 43 4!i o0 19'2 lClttJ
George Greenwood.". .( 4C 44! 4t> .'119:; 15jt»S
Dr. A. M. Carpenter. | 3SJ 5l| 45) 47 lRlf St7S
R; M.Fltzserald....!-42i 4H* 45. Sl'l.M 4I19O
J. O. Cadman.... ...I 471 46t44. 471184 4 VM>
A.; H. MijfBins 1 43I.4B 4;t!.5itl»0 10 ISO
E. K. Folircr. .:..... 41|-47I 5C 4-.|l«l 0-181
C.Hubbard. ;....... 4«j 60 42 4«|1S»| ¦ 2!tS2
Tyler Henshaw....: . 4»j M 50 50,2ail ls'l!C
E..E. naktr.......:. 4S 52 45 M|lfl0l 12JW7
Charles Gould ¦ .'. . . . . S»; 50 46| Wi'jos 1SI187
J.-H..ABM.; roi 43 r>o' r«:ioo io;is»
C M. Gayley. ;.. S3 4S 02 '582O> 12;l97
Mrg. II. H. Shyrwobd.t- 52(55 - 58 1 54(21$/ 18*201
George- Wheaton, handicap . 16. re
turned 46. 43. 5»;but did not finish'; H
H. Sherwood," handicap 18,- played Hwo
rounds in 52, 61; William Taylor, handi
cap 12, made returns of 47. >5t- for two
rounds. \Vhile. CM. Goodall.i handicap
13, • Dr. . N.j Cooper and Harry Kno .vies
made no re.turns. .. .- . '; „« . •
The tournament last year for thefSt*
GeorgeTs Vase, one of the most notable
golf trophie's of Great Britain, was left
undecided under rather trurious jcrrcum"
stances. C.—K; -Hutchison* ami S H'
Fry were in the final round and tied
with 155 each.- But Fry's card recorded
a stroke lessr at one hole than -he had
actually taken for iC... Both the player
and his .marker were aware of the fact
• The_ sailors' ; team "will consist • of
Knight,- gbalkeeper: Burdon, left back;
Podmc-re. right back; Youn?i» left half
back;' "Wilson, center halfback;. Hol
land, right halfback;* peane; outside
left; Colchester, inside left; Alexander,
center forward: Willdig'g, inside right;
Hanford, outside right. , — "
•¦" Burddn'. arrd "Podmore are excellent
fullbacks, while Young, Wilson -and
Holland" ¦ do "good : work ' on " the' half
back-line. -.In the-- forward line.; Col-.
Chester, . Dearie, and 'Alexander- all show
a,^thorough knowledge 1 of the game;
Harifor'd ' centers well. .ah^^Wilidlsrer Is
an active, end Hard wdrkrng player....,
.There' are now 213 -registered -players
of .Association.'' football.. In. San- Fran
cisco and neighborhood, .the latest ad
ditions-being A.Tweedie to.the .Albion
R,overs and. W.'; Brearly and Ronald
Mactfontild to the Vampire Club! ' • .
The matchxplayed ¦ last Sunday be
tween.the..Oakland .Hornets and .the
Albion Rovers was. one ¦¦) of _ the best
eve'r*seen "here," the teams? being.' so
\v6ri'derfully"*\vell. 'matched^ and .keen.
The Albion Rt-vers- won • ah. exciting;
contest <b>\ a.i> single* goal,, their oppo
nents ; making i.o» score, and . now oc
cupy fourtH position, on the table of
,the California^ /Association Football
League. ; The* .Thistles stand at' ¦ the
ihead.' thc-ugh * they have played . one
match' less than the 'rest- of nhe clubs,
whose is'shownin the table:
CALIFORNIA: '¦ ASSOCIATION V FOOTBALL"
•¦¦ * ;'".Vr ¦• ¦. 'LEAGU|3.^ . .-, • •. v»\V.i".
.; .-.r -/-.,;: -., « -ai- .o' : a ya-\'t\
:.-;:,¦¦¦,;>¦; f -| r i || r^
•clubs-. 1 -.- ft ¦:.. ¦][. ? -^ }£ *¦•
••;.--- •.-.;.. .;. .h< :. I i* \,
Thistles '. l :..-,.-.:-.:'Irrt i l'« O O|.2G-t-l : 1°-
Vampires ..,.....'.17- 'Ti 'l a ¦ '.-J I ; 3 it
Indepclhdehts. —:.:[. 7 'Ti 1 1 | i2 I* .« 11
Albion"Hover« .-.V-.p7; :'2- 'A't :i'\'ti-\ H 5.
Oakland .Hornets . 7 1 5. 1 | 8 (5 . ;:
Occidentals*. ,"...;'. ,7 » [ 4 . :t | ,.s ! ::o :» '
PU'kwIcka '¦- ..,'..'. . \ ¦ 7 ' 1" h5 fj 0|35 -3
Three. rnatGhes-on-the.schedule ? of. the
California . Asspciation Football League
.will .be, played- tp-mprrow." Tha-Albion
Rpvers Will ;meet the i .Vampires at Idora
Park, 'Oakland ; ; the > : Occidentals - -will
play, against'the^ Oakland - Hornets at
Alameda; -and the Pickwicks*' will try
their Strength against the Independents
on the : Presidio'Athletic"grourrd.
.passed' his- examination' for • admission
to the -California Association Football
Referees' Union, will referee the game.
The team of the Saturday Hornets will
be- made up of Zork, goalkeeper; Fel
ton Tayl6r. left back; Mildred,' right
back; Price; left halfback: Cowell, cen
ter halfback; T. -Fay, right halfback;
P. Fay, outside left; -; Erskine, inside
left; Shand, center forward; McKenzie,
inside right; Lackie, outside right.
' Atldora Parkr Oakland, this after
noon the Saturday Hornets will play
a match" game- of : association football
against the! creek sailors, the ball be
ing kicked off at 3 o'clock. A. W. Wild
ing of -the Vampire ¦ eleven, who has
.The Scottish bowlers will begin their
fourth singles tournament to-day on
the . Golden Gate Park green. This
event was to. have b«en started several
weeks. ago. but the green ha- been too
wet each Saturday afternoon to permit
of _ tournament play. If the veather
permits many of .the preliminary round
matches will be played this afternoon.
There are twenty-three matches in this
round and it will take several days to
finish it. The bowlers have a double
event on. their hands which they pur
pose running, at the same time. It will
probably be late in. the spring before
both, tournaments are (ffcrnpleted.
The following are the matches to be
played In " the ' preliminary round: J.
Stott .vs. Thomas Rolph, W. K. Cuthrie
vs. II. K.' Lynch, G. C. Patterson vs. P.
¦ Noble, .'J. D. McGilvray vs. J. S. Hutch
inson, C. .Stewart' vs. A. A. Me Vicar,
T^P.. R,qss.ys.. A, Woo4,.T. J. Welch
vs. J. Reid. Jaroes'Gorrie vs. T. C.
Lawso«, P.'J. Winegar vs. J. Gllchrlst,
P. L'Dunn TS.-W. J. Watson. A. B.
Maguire vs. T. M. A. Rannle
vs.- J. H'. Mclnnes, A. R. Patt jrson vs.
T. Millar. J. McLachlan vs. E. J. Clin
ton, R. D. Colquhoun vs. Alex Hay.
Robert Park vs. R. if» Turner, W. Ren
nle-vs. '-J.'-B. Low, R. Logan vs. . C.
Adams, A. Foreman vs. T. McNaught,
CoIoneK McGregor vs. J. H. Duncan.
Dr. Gunn vs. J. T. Welister, .:. Ewlng
vs....D.w£k;Brien, James Hutchinsoh vs.
A. McNalr. D. Dalziel vs. W. R. featon,
J.. M. Duncan vs. J. Marsden. W. A.
A^ard vb. A. Mackie, James Cay V3.
R. R. 'L'Hommedieu. S. Wilkie vs.
James : Mearns.
. Drolla, and Gabriel, two'r youngsters
whbplay on -the California^ Club Vourts,;
nlayed clever' tehriis.1. They,* won. their
About a dozen teams have entered.
The event 'will commence either next
Saturday, or the one following. It will
be, a" difficult matter' to handicap \he'
teams. and will require a great deal of
care. It will' "probably take two or
three ! Saturday "afternoons -to complete
the tournament. . ' ; . :
The Golden Gate Tennis* Club will
finish its. handicap doubles tournament
to-morrow. : The event was commenced
last. Sunday and six teams are -left to
compete. The handicapping, was poor,
as the scor«j in nearly air the matches
show.— Of the twenty; odd matches
played not" more than two " or - three
were at- all close..- It Is expected the
remaining . matches will/prove', much
closer and mere interesting than those
of, last Sunday. • ;' . '.¦¦ '•' . • ; " '¦¦'.:'
, Two teams won' places in the semi
finals and will meet the. winners of the
other.fdur teams". In the upper half
Brabant and Palmer will _meet the"win
ner) of thfi* hiaVcJi between" Code" and
Ambrose and ,the HotcnKiss brothers.
These' teams will; meet on j "even" terms.
In the. lower half. Bates and .Finnegan
will-slve.Drolla and Gabriel 1-6. ' The
winner;.will : meet Firichard Mahn,;4--6.
Brabant and Palmer are a new team
at the; park and .were watched with
interest last Sunday. Palmer isan old
timer "from Philadelphia.^ where he
stood high 1 in the secend class. Bra
banfhas played in 'New. Zealand. 1 Both
players^ are r extremely -'awkward; and
have an amusing style. Du't their, game
is 'effective, i They ar^'thought to have"
a good • chance of .winning, the , tourna-
The next tennis event of importance
wiil be a handicap doubles tournament
which is being arranged by the Cali
fornia Club. It will be the largest and
highest class event of the kind ever
held in the city. All of the best women
players from : both - sides of the bay
have expressed a desire to take parti ;
They will have for partners the best
players- of the club. The event .will be
open to all women i players, but only
California Club. men are eligible.
Of the women players, the strongest
will come from' Berkeley. The Misses
Ratcliffe and MJss Hazel Hotchkiss will
have strong partners and will be the
most heavily handicapped. . *-';
Miss Ethel Ratcliffe and J. D. Mac-
Gavin \vl!l be the best team in the
event and will,. be called 'upon to give
greater odds than any other team. Miss
Hotciikiss and. Will Allen are almost
as strc-ng- and will play from about the
same mark.. Miss Mary Ratcliffe did
npt get, as strong a partner as did hen
sister and Miss Hotchkiss. P'rank
Stringham, her partner^ is one of the
best of the second class men and plays
well in doubles.
Miss Ethel Smith and C. J. Smith
will make a strong combination,, as
both play good doubles. The same can
be said of Miss Bessie.Valleau and Her
bert .Schmidt. Miss ; Alice Hoffmann
and Will Collier will play together, al
though both are out of practice.
Psuhflnder. . Rugged Actor. Wcdgcwood. High
Horn. Haddington. HaKtime, Jimmy Anthony.
iVjotF. Sl?kljou. Meddlesome. - Sltevenamon
rio:a Bellir. MUi> Wilson, General de Wet,
nob n. Joe Pasha. Dan Pedro. - Mollio Me
EirfakT Boy, Ml Amigo. . Rose of Gold. Olanc
inz Parha. Full Moon. Harlean .Gladys. Orll-
Uancy, Menlo PiJnce. Real Duchess, MonVells
Gulden Rule, Dcnnybrook. Cntr.stock. Northern
l>ad. Medley. Frisky Barbara, I»»t Girl To
ronto. He?* Tree, Pure P.*ar!. Una, Our< Min
nie, Homer V.oy. lirlla I>lojd. Glaueur. WJld
N>r«h, • Cloudburst," Topsy-Turvy.-Fxnoolar Doc
I1uiT.f. . i
Tha Etake at. Union Park this week
will be- run in its entirety to-morrow.
The first. brace; of dogs will be slipped
upon the arrival of the 10:15 a. m. train.
The likely winners look to'l^". ' '.
Gunpowder. Old Ironside, Cubanolaf Sern
pronius. Xorthcrrt Express, May Connolly,"
Omcord Tralee. Kenepade Apaehe, -MelUntvooU,
The neferee. lted Itpek. J E H, Texas Hoo-
Hoo. Black Boy. Orsina. Van , Nora, llauehty
Helen. Hrlc-a-Brac. Advance Guard. Raby Au
rora. . Charter 'Memb? r. Vand»l.. F>n!!. ¦ Hop
l'«»»i«l. Liberator. Otinnore Girl. I>a!rndlne,
Pepper Hill. Reckless Acrobat. liarge. llcHenry,
Mountain Kose. Shadow. Apple Blossom; Snap
per Garrison, net* S. Henrietta, Iono. Hill. .:
Coursing will commence as usual to
day at Insleslde Park at 11:30 o'clock,
when the first round of the ninety-stx
dog open stake will be run.. .The likely
winners look to be:
Palo Alto, which has been out of- the
running for some months because of a
broken toe,- is again in training.
The litter of greyhounds by Fortuna
Favente-Golden Russet is expected to
distinguish itself shortly. In the litter
are T. J. Cronin's Hudson. J. A. Free
man's Terra Cotta and J. Sweeeney's
Russet Apple They are all of great
promise. ' v'A
Seven parks are running at the pres
ent time. These include the two in this
vicinity and the parks in - Fresno.
Stockton, Dixon, Sacramento and Los
Angeles. ..,*vj
S. Jolley has purchased from James
Sweeney Ragged Actor, a promising
greyhound by, Fortuna • Favente. Bril
liancy has been sold to G. G. Perry.
Men who have followed coursing for
many, years are unanimous in saying
they never before saw such strong
hares nor such exciting trials as have
been run recently. The managers of
the parks thought after the severe run
ning of last week that many grey
hounds would be in retirement this
week. Such was not the condition, how
ever, the entries being as numerous
as ever. This is probably explained by
the fact that the hares generally took
the hounds away in a straight line.
This does not hurt the dogs is much as
a twisting course, where there is sud
den stopping, starting and turning.
F. E. Bock, manager of. the Califor
nia contributions to the Sir Thomas
Upton testimonial fund, received the
The anneal New Year's day dinner
nf the members of the Corinthian
Yacht Club was highly successful and
pleasant, though the attendance was
not quite so large as in previous years.
It was stated that a certain sum was
being laid aside quarterly to-be ex
pended in dredging Belvedere Cove. It
i* ho:»ed the Federal Government* will
do this ¦uork and will build a^break
water that will convert the cove into a
safe winter harbor for merchant ves
sels and yachts. If. the United" States
Government will not undertake the
work the Ccrinthlan.Club, the railroad
company and the people of Belvedere
will at least have the cove dredged so
as to make it possible for craft of mod
erate denth to enter at any state of .the
tide.
Douglas Erskine and J. K. Bulger
l:avc also had experience as members
of the regatta committee, which will
have a »ace for the perpetual challenge
cup to look after during 1904, as' well
::s the annual club regatta on" Decora
tion day. the handicap race and small
yacht race.
Orlo was f.or some time
iuj active delegate of the Corinthian
Yacht Club to the Pacific Interclub
Yacht Association and was acting
secretary after the death of E. B.
Lathrop. He designed the fast little
yawl Kittiwakc. which has won many
prizes in the twenty-foot class and has
made long cruises to all parts of the
bay, its tributary rivers and creeks.
W. J. Hogs: is part owner of a fast
sloop. T. J. Kavanaugh has been on
the regatta, committee of the Corin
thian Yacht Club for a long time and
is president at the Pacific Interclub
Yacht Association.
T. Jennings, owner of the fast sloop
Speedwell, held the office of vice com
modore last year. J. C. Brickell. part
owner of the sloop Genesta, was sec
retary. K. J. Bowes, nominee for. the
office of secretary, is co-owner with j.
C Brickell of the sloop Genesta. W.
A. Stringer h^s long been a well
Knowti member of the Corinthian
YjKhi Club, having been a member
of the regatta committee in 1889 and
1830. commodore in 1892 and a di
rector in 1893. Recently He has been
;iu able seaman on the sloop Freda,
generally known as 'the commodore's
boat." ' .-"
The nominating committee, consist
ing of ex-Commodores T. F.- Tracv and
H. D. Hawks, with ex-Vice Commodore
Andrew Thorne, completed its task
before the end of the old year and the
following names will appear on the
regular ticket: For commodore, T. Jen
nings; vice commodore, J. C Brickell;
secretary, E. J. Bowes; treasurer. W.
A. Stringer; port captain. John H.
Keefe; directors, Orlo Eastwood and
W. J. Hogs; regatta committee — T. J.
Kavar.augh. J. K. Bulger and Douglas
Krskine. The foregoing, with the ex
ception of Port Captain John H. Keefe.
vho holds a life position, are either
j»ew to the board of directors or are
nominated for different positions from
those they occupied last year.
On Wednesday evening, the 27th inst..
the annual meeting of the members of
the Corinthian Yacht Club will be held
In this city. The reports of the officers
of the club for the past year will be
read, and the election of officers to
serve during the coming vear will be
held.
• W. W. Richards and wife will jour
ney down to-morrow. -Amohg-the regu
lars' will also be Frank Ma.skey, J.W.
Flynn, Georse Anderson of San Jose^'
J. M. Kilgarlf,' John. Consldine and F.
R. Atkins of Seattle, R. ¦ Jacks -and- J.
Sub Jackson of Visalia: Fred. Stone of
Fresno. Dr. C K. Wilsdn of ElWNev.;
F. H. Mayer, -H. L. Betten, -Hervey
Lindley, William Dormer and others.
Judge Bell v brought- a : . twenty-bore
west with him and may have a .try.ait
the 'California quail if the time at;h$s
disposal will permit;.- 7 .. • • .••'¦ -¦-'¦•
The entries for the" trials includeHhe
pick of the , California' kenriela. Presi
dent.-TevIs has great faith in Cuba Jr.;
the liver arid white son^ of; Champion
Cuba of Kenwood-Florida. He started
nrstin 1,301* when.he was. second in the
Brandon trials. Canada; second in < the
Monongahela trials, second in,- the Ohio
trials, fourth In : v the ; aH-age [ stake * of
twenty-four entries Jin Indiana; equal
third.in the'Defby in Missouri,: second
In the Western Derby, first- in the Pa r
cific Coast. Derby last year and third in
the^all-age. ' "* : /,,'¦¦¦.-.:.•..; ;.,-;.
. W. W. Van. ArsdaleV; English setter
Poach' Blossom, which .has. been. a con
tender here 'in; other, years,;. won the
champion stake recently. at' the Illinois
Field I Trial ,;AssQciati6n r s; 'meeting .at
Robinson, .111.,, from, a 1 field. of six setters
and four- pointers, : all first-prize Win
ners. Shs met and 'defeated Prince Rod
ney and Annie B, the iatter proving jthe'
runner : up. One authority said of •Peach
Blossom i that "she stands; alone as : the
field trial champion setter of
her , sex \ in America. ;/With >her. kennel
mate, the Pointer Dr. Daniels, she will
¦be j seen in . further competition' before
returning here." . '.".'. V\ ,-,_
The - sportsmen who . find . recreation
and pleasure in. shooting over well
trained setters and pointers or'in seeing
these aristocrats' of 'the' kennels in ac
tion are either en route to Bakersfleld
or are preparing for this, annual sport-
Ing pilgrimage. The meeting of -the, Pa- g
ciflc Coast Field Trials Club commences
on Mpndav, and the bulk of the specta
tors will be on the ground to-rtiorrow
night. Presldept TevFs; over Whose pre
serves the trials will be run, went south
on Thursday. He' was accompanied, by-
Clinton ¦ E. Worden. Secretary Albert
Betz;will leave on this morning's. train
with W. S. Belt^of Pittsburg. who wiil
Judge the trials. They, will be joined
by Judge C. N. Post and J. E. Terry,
the Sacramento enthusiasts. "W: W; Van
Arsdale and' C. "W. Hibbard leave to
night, .: \ ¦ • . ¦ • ¦ • . ¦¦-•¦ ¦¦•:••*>- • ;
Independents of San Francisco
and Alameda Vampires Have
an .Equal Number of Points
Green in Golden Gate Park Is
Too Wet to Permit of Im- '
'. portant Tournament Matches .
FAMOUS POINTER WHICH IS
ENTKRED ' IN" PACIFIC
COAST FIELD-TRIALS.
California Club Officials Ar
range a Tournament Which
Promises High-plass Sport
Nominating- Committee Selects
Popular Yachtsman to Serve
on Board for Coining Season
Second Competition of Pres
ent Season for Handsome Tro
phy Begins Tuesday Morning
Old-Time Leftshmen Cannot Re
member When Hares Proved
So Strong: at This Season
SCOTCH BOWLERS
AWAIT SUITABLE
RINK CONDITIONS
COUNCIL'S CUP
FOR WOMEN ON
PRESIDIO LINKS
THISTLES HEAD
THE SCORE-LIST
OF FOOTBALLERS
TENNIS WOMEN
TO COMPETE IN
DOUBLES EVENT
GREYHOUNDS HAVE
HARD TRIALS ON
COURSING FIELD
JENNINGS WILL
COMMAND FLEET
OF CORINTHIANS
SPORTSMEN GATHERING FOR THE ANNUAL FIELD TRIALS AT BAKERSFIELD
THE; SAX ' FRA-NC1SC0 , CALL, SATURDAY, J JANUARY 9, 190J.
10Policeman M. T. Arey had ¦ a' des
perate struggle with a burglar early
yesterday morning, but succeeded in
landing him behind the bars at the
Southern station- The burglar was
CJonzaga Carlos, alias Charles Meade.
Arey was patrolling his beat on
Townsend street about 6 o'clock and
saw two men running from a tool
house belonging to W. J. Campbell,
contractor, at Townsend and Japan
streets. Arey gave chase, but the two
men Jumped into a boat and escaped.
Arey returned to the toolhouse and
found that entrance had been effected
by breaking open a side window.
The policeman entered the tool
house and discovered Carlos hiding
under a bench. On the way to the
Southern station, at Ritch' and." Har
rison streets, Carlos struck Arey a
severe blow on the forehead, stagger
ing him. and bolted. Arey chased him
and overtook him. A desperate strug
gle followed, but Arey managed to
get the handcuffs over Carlos' wrists
and took him to the station, where he
was charged with burglary.
The Californiah Lands at ; Will; • bwt
There Is Xo Force- in -His
'. -: ' . Blows. • -
MILWAUKEE, Jan; 8.> — Aurelio
Herrera of California and Charles
Neary of "Milwaukee went six rounds
to a draw", before the Badger -Athletic
'Club to-night. , "" . .
-The Mexican had clearly the better
of the argument on points In' every
round except the fourth, when in' a
fierce mlx*up Neary landed : a hard
right on the. Jaw, staggering his man.
This round ended with' Herrera's
right ear l bleeding : and Neary's lip
badly, cut. Herrera- landed- at will,
but did not seem to have the force to
his blows to "turn the trick. The
fight. ended in a hot :'mixup," but both
men finished strongly.
Basketball in the Northwest.
SEATTLE, Wash-, Jan. 8.— The bask
etball team of the University of-Wash
ington to-day defeated the team of the
Stanford University Glee Club by a
score of 29 to 6. The Stanford men
failed to appear and their places were
filled by substitutes taken from the
University of Washington. • •
. Al Wilson took three steelheada trom
the Russian River, near Duncans Mills,
yesterday which weighed from thirteen
to sixteen pounds each. This run of
steelheads. will continue for some time
unless there should be a heavy rain
fall. . . - .
Steelheads hi Russian River.
A well-known economist has figured
out that out of ninety-eight chief na
tional industries in % given year only
twenty-nine gave men work 300 days In
the year. „
Bay City Athletic Club , Fights;
1 The Bay . City ¦ Athletic Club . will
have two main events on their card
for the next boxing show, which takes
place Monday" evening at Mechanics'
Pavilion Annex. Jack Moranand Lew
Powell -/tvill furnish' one of the bouts,
while Dick ; Hyland and '] Tom Sullivan
will.clash in the other. : There are four
other bouts on the card. ' =
Hanlon* s Former Manager Alive.
PITTSBURG, Pa.. Jan. 8. — It's a
shame to spoil as daring a story as
that from San Francisco to the effect
that just before Eddie Hanlon step
ped* into the ring to fight Young Cor
bett his backers received a message
from the dead that Mike Short the
man who had discovered Hanlon* and
had trained, him for his first Battle,
was in the grave in Pi ttsburg. Among
those who read the story was Mike
Short, at his home, 18 Prospect street.
Mount Washington, "this city. He is
not dead, but ; is recovering from a
stroke of paralysis he suffered on the
day before Christmas.
*-*iU<:E-MAX FI.VDS MAX .
HIDING IX TOOL HOUSE
HERRERA AND XEARY
FIGHT DRAW BATTLE
XEW YORK* Jan. S. — Wall street
practically has lost one 'of its most
interesting characters. * Russell Sage,
although still insisting upon visiting
his office once or twice a week, has de
parted from his lifelong habit of ar
riving there daily with clock-like reg
ularity, regardless of weather condi
tions, and, in fact, is now seen in Wall
street at infrequent intervals. He has
gradually i. withdrawn from, participa
tion in great financial affairs only at
the. earnest solicitation of his friends
and Mrs. .Sage, but the ' trusted em
ployes who have served ; him- many
years still handle the loan business on
the Stock Exchange.
Sage; VwTio" is 87 years old, spends
most of his time in his now Fifth-ave
nue" home* and is "said to be in his
usual state of health.
RUSSELL. SAGE GRADUALLY
RETIRES FROM ACTIVE LIFE
Wisconsin University is strong -in
rowing, having for many years con
tested • the first place -with Cornell
crews in the races at Poughkeepsie."
where eights from the University of
Columbia, Lafayette, Georgetown and
Pennsylvania contend. :i Rowing is in
so weak and undeveloped a condition
at the University of California that it
is hardly likely that the challenge
b4 accepted! ' v It 1 is, howev'ei:, regarded
as an indication of the Interest that
is felt by. the : Wisconsin men in, row
ing on the Pacific Slope.-;
Contestants more . nearly, equal to
the oarsmen" of the University of Cal
ifornia" are to be' found at. the Univer
sity of .Washington.. A California four
oared crew went last year, to, Portland
and Seattle^ but were defeated easily
both on the Willamette River and. on
.Lake Union, near Seattle. A-. crew
from the University of .Washington
will visit California this year, proba
bly in April. The race between the
representatives of the two Pacific uni
versities will probably be rowed- on
Oakland Creek, where a "five-mile
course can be. obtained. The channel
leading from the bay. into the estuary
is three miles long and is bordered
by the tracks of. the narrow gauge
railway. It is intended to have the
race between the universities, on the
channel and to; have a train of cars
run along' -so - that spectators may
watch the contest- A< ; : ;
- There seems some chance of an in
creased interest being taken in row
ing by the University of California
during the coming season. A • chal
lenge has been received from the Uni
versity of Wisconsin for iin, intercol
legiate boat race to take place at Mad
ison in that State during' 'the jubilee
celebration of the university next
June.
to Send a Crew to. Jubilee
at Madison.
College Boating Association Is Invited
WISCOXSIX UNIVERSITY
CHALLEXGES CALIFORNIA
Preliminary round— Miss Hazel Hotchklss
(owe 15) v* B**s«e Valleau <15): Misa .Vera
11( . v(u « (S0i vs.. Miss Vera Crocker (30).
First round. uPP*r half— Miss Maud Varney
(3-(J) vs. MU* Ida Meanes (30); Mies Dorothy
M Flm 3 %«nd y 'iower half— Miss Alma Lubbin
CUl) v» KU-s* Ethel Ratcllfte (owe 15); Miss
Kartu idndstxum <15 3-6) a bye..
Play will' be called at 9:30. All
matches will be two sets out of three.
The tournament will be finished to
day. The drawing and handicaps:
The- fair members of the Golden
Gate Tennis Club will hold a handi
cap singles on the rTark courts this
morning for the Jackmah cup. The
entry list is smaller than usual, only
ten names being recorded. ,These
players, however, are the best on each
side of the bay and the event is
bristling with class.
Interesting Contests Will Take Place
To-I)ay : on the Golden Gate
. Park Courts.
'The football team composed of em
ployes of Dunham, Carrigan & Hay
den Company will play a game, with
a sturdy eleven from the Baker &
Hamilton house at the Presidio ath
letic grounds this afternon. .The Dun
ham, Carrigan & Hayden Company's
team has defeated the Pacific Hard
ware and Steel Company's eleven and
claims the championship of the
wholesale district The teams will
line up as follows for the game:
D. C. * H. Co. Position. B. & H.
E. Cortel you '....... R. — E.= — L. ,.F. Richardson
7: Brown .R. — T.— L. , C. Jeffreas
It. KKperts....;...-R- — G. — L..:..C. Robacher
J " "Welch. Centfr... ........ N. Andruss
F. Galyaul L. — G.— R^ G. Mooi*
E. Koieen ..I*— T.— R. ...... . A. Brown
O Tiynn L.— E.— R J.-Johnson
C Avis .....Quarter ...W. Slaker
C JJcConnell R. H. B.. .R. Boyde
F. Daly-... -L. H. B TO. Fisher
J Bowes-.... FU11 J. Greenwell
Elevens Composed of Employes of
Wholesale Honscs WiU Play
Football This Afternoon.
¦ ' Sixth "race — One mile and fifty yards; 4-y'ear
ofds ajad up;-Bel)jns:. -,-. . ¦>-. It ,-— •
5047 'Fills d'Or (K<nyon) '.... 87
; 5C57 Hipponax ri<ane).'. f ...1.111
-.5044 Mocorito (Wellman). ..;...; .-...,109
5CC7 *£illy Moore (Rector) 90
'5410 'AUKie (Cappa & Co.).....-.\.". 'J9
: 5622 *Kllty Kelly (Stanfteld) ..:..'. 100
R«57 Ki . P'lar (Haskell)
f»e«t9 'Kxpedient (Smith).' .', 00
'5651 Cracko j (Lrevy). : . .'. . .'.• ; . ...•;..;.... , f ". . 09
¦S0C7 : Prestolu* . (TJevln) :, ..'...'..... JW5
SCC3 *Achlllea (Mcpabe^Co.). #> .109
¦ *Appre3tlce allowance.
.-Fifth race — One and a quarter miles; 4-ycar
olds and up: Betllns.:
..-.. Eda Riley (McCaffarty) 101
*M0f) Bt-n MacUhui,(Ryan), ,...,. 100
" 5t!2TJ Potion (Durfee). . . ., v ..... .106
5047 •MtHJIelim (Fountain) ..:..:.'.:. 06
'5023 Colonel Andoruon (Flugerald) i.v.lrtl
jWa5 Namtor «IUa«fan). .' 106
5657 Kl Orlerite (Spiers): .: ...'... ;.;106
- .VKn "NlBrette i Jenhlng*) : •..;;. ..¦. ; . 94
<5C2j JRoEarle (,qhapveUe) i , iW>
0(H5 *Lacy Crawford (Schrelber) 90
5fi42 Waterpower <Stover) J05
6588 Yellowstone (Fine) jw{
5CM) MechanUs (Rector) ....•" u -
Third race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds ana
.V52U Harry Thatcher (Mm. Hastings) H'
r>i»* -Lansdowne (Fitzgerald) jMj
6<122 Col Van (Tbuntaln) J^Y
CC50 -Emshee (Bell) •'•»»?
r>t;20 'Nullah (McKenzie) J"*
5C4.I 'Louis Wagner (McAllister) H-J
5430 'Rollick "(Jones) • JJJj
5»i22 'Albcmarle <T!erney) l"- !
.W!8 Pure Pale (Thomas & Ueavy) jui
5410 'Bay Wonder (Newman) ...» ly 1
Fourth race — Seven furlonKs; 3-year-olds and
mi: Follansbeo handicap: purse, $2000:
5ft4(5 Rockaway (Burns & Waterhouse) . . . . .1.14
5U21 Daisy Green * (Follansbee) li.t
55S5 Jockey Club,. (Fisher)., ' J J
.Vjnrj Martlnniaa (Henshall)... ......118
' 5C21" fricubatbr (Van Meter).... no
M33 Arcade {JenniBK*) J2i»
' 557 -t Irldius (Jennings). % . . . .» I--*
' WHS Dainty (JennlnRF). Jja
5«3S Hagerdon (Frank) US
5507 Fossil (Thwaltes . & Parker) .124
B(U6 Otto Stlfel (Schrelbtr) ;:..;... ...105
MUtf' Military Man (Ferguson) 107
5H43 The Fo« .(Sink). 112
KM8» Ben MncWiui (Rran)i .122
¦5U40F. E. Shaw (Sink)'..: .100
FAIR TENNIS PLAYERS
WILL COMPETE FOR' CUPS
ARRANGE INTERESTING
% CONTEST ON GRIDIRON
chaplain.
• The appointed officers were Installed
lifter the elected ones ha<d been es
corted to their stations. After the
ceremony Mrs. Marie H. Ludlow. the
retiring: noble grand, was presented
by Addle L. Ballou on behalf of the
lJdge with a handsomely embrofdered
<«)21ar, after which John T. Gibson,
also on behalf of the lodjre. presented
3lrs. Ballou, the retiring past noble
pr.itid. with a jewel of her rank, set
with many diamonds. A prize was
then awarded to Minnie F. Dobbins
for having during the term introduced
into the lodge the greatest number of
candidates, and thea tokens of es
twra were presented by individual
members to. ,M.rs. Dobbins and Mcs.
Gabri^lle Gress, and flowers were giv
en to the outgoing and new officers.
The reports presented showed that
during the term of Mrs. Ludlow the
lodge progressed beyond expectation.
The following named have been in
stalled as officers of San Francisco
Canton No. 5 of the Patriarchs Mili
tant, I. O. O. F.: Charles L. Ziegler,
iruptain; K. B. Downey, lieutenant; H.
Schwerin, ensign; George H. Wilson.
derk,, and.C. K, Benedict, account
ant. The installation was by Brjga
<JI<ir Generul H. O. Browpr.
Jubilee Lodge and Canton San 1'ran
• c-1m*o 'Cl large Recently Chosen
Ofncen?.
Mrs. Florence Bergman, district
deputy president of the California As
sembly of Rebekahs, assisted by her
staff of seventeen officers, installed
tho officers of Jubilee Lodge Thursday
night in the presence of a large num
ber of interested spectator*. The officers
who aie to serve for the current term
are: Marie H. Ludlow, past noble
grand: Charlotte Oibson, noble gTand;
Lucy Morrison.' vice grand; Gertrude
Perry, recording, and Lucetta Perry,
financial secretary; Mina .Sheldon,
treasurer, and Minnie F. Dobbin,
IlEBERJUIR AND PATRIARCHS
INSTALL NEW LEADERS
NEAV ORTiEAXS RACE RESUL.TS.
NEW ORUEANS, Jan. 8.— Crescent City
summary:
First race, selling, six Xurlongs— Second Sight
won. Cedar Rapids second, Ghnats third. Time.
1:10. . • . i - .
Second race, selling, seven furlonga — Cater
pillar won. Uranium second. Ponca third. Time,
1:34 2-5.
Third race, one mile — Katie Powers won.
Star and Garter second. Rankin third. Time,
1 -A6 4-5.
Fourth race, one and a half miles. Jackson
handicap— 1.1 tUe Scout , won. Bondage second,
Little Elkln third. Time. 2:40.
' Fifth race, one and an eighth milpfv — Lee
Kins won Edward Hale second. Lou Woods
third. Time. 2:013-5.
Sixth race, one mile — Luralighter won. Sea
Shark second. Lampoon third. Time, 1:47.
James Robinson has taken to the
open-air cure for consumption, much
to the disgust of the Southern Pacific
Railroad officials. He insisted on sleep
ing In the box cars that surround the
depot at Fourth and Townsend streets.
The special policemen warned him
away many times, but -he always re
turned. When they finally concluded to
arrest him he put up la wonderful fight
for a tuberculosis patient. It required
seven men to place him under arrest.
He told Judge Fritz yesterday that he
wanted to sleep in the open because his
lungs were very much, to- the bad. The
Judge thought that a little .confinement
in warm quarters mfghi aid In the
iheck of the disease, which apparently
had not fully developed., so, he sent Him
to the County Jail for thirty days.
The hearlnr of - the. assault case
against the Marshall brothers preferred
by Mrs. Sarah Rogers, ; widow of
"Duxie" '* RoSenbaum. who claims ' that
the two young men beat her," was
had before Judge . Obnlon yester
day. Frank Marshall testified that Mrs.
Rogers began the assault; and continued
it- until a policeman arrived on the
scene. The case was continued for one
week for further testimony. •
Frank Drew, the ingenious "room
prowler," who made himself into a. call
boy when discovered by the sleeping
occupant of the rooA he was invading,
was held to answer to the Superior
Court yesterday by Judge Cabanfea on
two charges of burglary in bonds of
J2000 in each case. He entered the room
of Georse Wurster, at 219A Mason
street, last "Wednesday morning -while
darkness still covered the land, aad lit
a gas jet. The occupant awoke to the
sudden flood of light and Inquired what
was wanted. The nervy prowler told
him it was time to get up, turned out
the light and went away with the- coat,
waistcoat and trousers of the sleepy oc
cupant. He adopted the same tactics
with Walter G. Loring in a room at 103
Leavenworth street. In the glare of the
gas both men were positive they recog
nized the marauder, and their testi
mony was confirmed by the police, who
recovered from pawnshops certain arti
cles pledged by Drew that were identi
fied by Wurster and Loring as being
their property.
KoomProwlcT and a Pestiferous Box
,-Car Tourkt Arc the leading
Lights.
SOJIE OF THE- EVENTS
. : • AT. JPOUCe COURT LETHEES
Manager Leonhardt of the Bay City
Athletic Club then offered *a Suggestion.
He stated the fight clTibs \\*ould be will
ing to aid association financially
by grvirig ar i}jo»ist«T ;.^amateUi* j benefit
show %(> take i>(acfefa'ifMec|)anics' Pa
vilion. 'This' suggestion was kindly re
c^ij?ed by',the fri^f Leonhardt
adaed that if the dtJ\ei^diubs would be
willing the benefit should be arranged
shortly.
. A, comtijittqe. composed of T..I. Fitz
patrick, George James, J. C. Griffin, E.'
J. Lynch -ahtl.-'D." E. Brown was ap
pointed to confer with the Park Com
missioners in* regard to tne new ath
letic oval about to be constructed in
side the speedway in Golden Gate Park.
It is the wish of the association that
its. members should take some part in
the construction of the field.
The various athletic clubs through
out the Northwest are still anxious to
join the P. A.. A. Another letter was
received yesterday by Secretary Hauser
in regard to terms and expenses. It is
more than likely these clubs will be
admitted to membership within the
next few weeks.
Secretary- Herbert Hauser stated that
In his opinion the same \vas being in-
JTjred^okn'afaiTnirjgekfentj inasmuch
as an^'teur! : exhibitions - ar'e :^eittg held
every .week/ ,HS^dded ttfat the 1 . Board
<ft SQpervisors .hid asked 31im to try to
nu>djf>vthe matter or, else The game was
in danger oi being laid away"ft)r^-k«eps.
Ilauser stated that some action should
b<? .taken. at,.onc.e, and when. the. others
voiced their sentiments in favor of let
ting the fight promoters talk business
among themselves he yielded to the
pleasure of the majority.
Only two. representatives of the ama
teur scrapping., organizations ttere
among' those present, so the directors
of the 'association,, after, thinking the
matter over, decided the fighting men
would hardly be getting an even, br?ak
if the cape were taken up and decided
in their absence. ; "So, :.ft>r' a deal of
discussion, the committee agreed to al
low, the- fight magnates to hold a quiet
poww<fw among themselves, appoint a
committee and report to the association
at a -later date. ' . ; S •)
Frota indications It would -appear
thaf t»o fttctfaris dre represented In
the executive 'co'm'mlttee of 'the associa
tion:' One branthis opptjsefl to the am
ateur •fightinjjr.'game on "general prin
ciples/.while^ihe. other wishes the sport
to prosper.' but at the same time is not
averse to levying an additional tax on
the prqrnotcrs \vnen ' they apply for a
sanction' fee. .- , - - • . ¦
in Utffcjjjifcyfsuij .r|inain$^,'be.'aiBcjf(ed,
Wh^h ' tliej-roie'm fa J^Tof "4^ ?£&$? j£&i
J$U^ Afe-iocia'k'Lp.n^ifiet 1pfit' Jr it?iS.5t**ihey
|rad^f uHy^ttet^rmmed to 'settle" the que's^
tioii ¦ > or?5ii'*:'ic«u}t;:^!^f tak^*pome.^ faction!
;'tend*to^ g?\'e "peep
mtD;tke.i ''ixhire"; .6nt^^ the-mtetingficaihe
to si, cjQ9«^tn<uit^efinite* i i action' being
tatfeaV; .^jJe!,^n$x£tb~Jng-; done tfias * t$w
adoption pj? arinotitfnito a^oAv ttije'aroa-;
tpvir, clp.fi nwi " to -fe^t- together, faj?poiftt
a' Coimnittce and then m^ke their' little
talk to.thV Pa'ciflc : Athletlc XsSoclation
people.' ' r J v'V ; : -X. v - "ikUi-^ v "¦
First race, six furlongs, selling:— Urbano, DO
(J.Booker), 5 tQ 5. VWir Legal Max to.. 107
(Parelto) It to 1. second: -Jlngter, l(rT.<«. Aa
kins), 5 to 1. third. Tifcae. l:lCJv V , Lardan.
Ping. Profitable, and Ural ateo.-raji..; Estado
left at tfce post." '
Second race, five and a half furlongs. Curse —
GoMen B«y. • 1(W . ( J. Booker>. 3 to 1, won:
Uottleiben. U.I (Kent>. 3% to 1. seoond:- Koujth
and Tumble; -1(M> ';. «R/?tlfern),. 2 toj. third.
TUn«v ¦'•¦liW%. a Turtle,! Absolute, t^ti -- l-'sk,
Cornlvol: i Sara, -.Ky.l?- - II. • jMoonstone?;, La->
cocfa an«^Jiiay'»eT>a!r-als6'l(4a.' ?• '
riceV- ooft -f*i!e, ; seljla ft^M ft tonius,- 107
"?Piilan - »'6vW*iit*«*>n: DJicufclfS .<»s Johnsoh>.
10 t6 1. second i"CltrudS7*l«2 li <JvL«wto); 5 to
1, third. Time. l:43ij. Seaforth. Ohio GfM.
Dr Worth. Baasanlo. Albert Enrlght. Frank
P*arce and Go|<ione also ran.
Fourth race, six furlongs, selling — Mr. Rob-
Inson. 112 (J, I>ewla>. 30 to 1. .won; J. V.
Klrby", J9» 10<} t (An
derson), :4.'td p, thincT. t Tlrfef i (a^. »lamero.
Sharpless, ' Schwarrwald. •Etander, J Egg Nogg
and. GUlisDie also ran. , • _ « . _^
FiftSi rat*. SUuson -cours v t» . iJUrieftOrsina.
cSfl X'danisWtdrSK *fecHmd: iiprlgu'.a' #eeress.
JLH3, tarxicn)*, 4">.Jo. I v >rfjilr0. . Time, l:lt.
Tlr"atpTwx LakeVand.CiHant.arto ran.
"PExth.-race. oM iplle. .sellinj^-Pilot, 102 (J.
tewis). 20 to l.'SAui; Farwe- Jltn. 1C5 <Feicht).
10 to 1. second; Lunar, 105 (W. Adams). 3 to
1 third. Time, 1:43. Hetr Apparent, Dr.
Bexnays, Labor, Moor. L*mco and Castake
ll«b *«.¦¦•- ; - ..-viT-i-v^f ¦•. •;•¦ '. • . .
.-.^S, AJ^SE^i^rJan,^^^. '*-"**§,
-'day 'for th|fc.j|farm^Iaye»s^at;AS^>t Park!]
on"I^^T^^f f _^fe "i^k^jfljyrorites;
getting^ tS-n]h^|S^e' i^f^^^'*J9c^eyv
J^Iieiwiij lan^ey'JtworJsyTn^'^r^rbqth at'!
beti^?:": thatr^l.ii^? to-'Lti^lw*" books <vuit;
lUrr^dV^^X^e^^st^a^;*^ lix *ftr-}
ipflgS'rfrom'.I^gai^^a^TO/i^^' Jingler!
Oifrd-^ left'at*
J -M^i^^ecpJfd*^Bm^er>w^nt^^GoIde'nf
B^yAthe 'second choice^ 9*6t^iebeii-fin-i
ished-»seco.nd- 4 and .'.'Rqujj.h ; >&aeT ! Tumble
third./ The; one mile selling event -was
another£ r xtpset,?tGoi<Jone» ; th^ favorite, _
finishing" outside: 'the Plato
niifs^dh/.PI.ScUs" jfe^ond,, Ultxuda third. .
Mr. Itohinson. at 30 to> 1, vrsj'a.-new
one\tV'the i tafent.and.he ran practi
cally unbacked in the fourth"^: He won
easily .from J. V. Kirby. Cinejo was
thli*d. j.Schwarzwald, the favorite, was
nowhere. . . . - : .
Orsina captured the fifth from Glen
neVis, and was the only successful fa
vorite. Montana. Peeress ran third.
.The last race, at one' mile, went to
Pilot at 20 to: 1. He ..led all, the way
and won driving from Farmer Jim.
with 'Lo'na'r third. Lemco and Moor,
{hi heavily "pfa'yed horses, finished in
the ruck.
. Weather flneu track jgood.
SU3I3IARY. I.
usins; Woodward's Pavilion" for fights.
Between rent.'tSO^'cTiaffs and lights, it
costs about ?7ift_ to prepare Mechanics*
Pavilion for a contest.
As LtM uirfc<-tc.ri *jf the .Mechanics " In
*gUttat<j#frj**j 1 "^? K ' en a a ?V pin S
driven' kn '\h* T'avilion "flo^r. ne 1 *"- fails
tp,?ee jJrpv -9 Ipte* flzhU t? QvyiJ can be
*cixt3." ifo ti Htot ne. hasfnb iufth o r use
for "tr.^: bu'il'iin*;.-
There will be a marked saving in
interest Manager OoSroth, who has a
lease "n Mechanics' Pavilion for fights.
This i?. that-iUl seate in ¦ public' ;. hafls
must !ir fastened eocurely'to th"? floor.
of the Board of P'uV.lh»'Worlis""TeBter.
day. He has already commenced to
study th<? city ordinances and thinks he
has discovered "something which will
etived ' fof. Uieir meeting, in tb^^rtng.
TheVflE^t^lsr so choice "fr5in*Xtbff 'box
fffk-e^-COiftr'of view ttlBi'^liS^tJttgi" -oi
funny angles are being d^V^oped. , ? ' - ;•
Up to yesterday it jvrs aappps^d the
Yosrtnitp Club management. ¦h£ki,'the
trump cat-d and thatftlw.lwxer^'would
have t<» i-vme to their {eJtmjs..:.;\They.con
trolled *vlechanics" PaviUon. the -'only
available building in-tvhfch- the' fight
could b* held. /* : V. '¦'- ' ¦•'*?-l 'I'
Thtir ideas of monopoly vanished ii\to
thin air when Alex:':'Gregsairrs and
Mc-rjis Levy announced that they had
secured a leas<» <^>n Woodward's;.Paril
iun for a term of years. . The 'biilWlng
is con>rc«!!ed by a number of theatrical
men and they have let contracts for
extensive alttrationsjto the building.
The main floor will be lowered four
teen feet. The present balcony, Just
<>fr the main fltror. will .Jbecome a spal
leryand another balcony will be con
structed. This will run the seating ca
pacity up to 7000. The. building is pror
noum-ed the best in'Arnerica In which
to witntss a fieht.
Greggains, Levy and. .-x possibly Jlru
Neil will be present*" to r night In a^ldi
tion^to CofTroth to Md for .the Young
Corbett-Britt fight. .¦-.O'.vint : ,to Young
Corbett's Eastern engagements the tight
must take place before February 22. At
present it rs not known what club will
iret the February permit. If this went
in the same sequence" as last year the
January permit woufd go to Greggains*
club, that for Febrq»ry ; tQ the Yoscmitt
Club and the March permit to \ the
.ijayes Vatley CluiJ. If Greggains tij>es
not secure the big,ftght he will prob
ably promote a fight for .thi^ mootli
between the winner of the Millet-Scari
l£n affair and Marvin Hart.
Morr-s Levy was appointed secretary
Youcg C6rbe|t and Jimmy IVttt will
K arpy^GorKett^, w^n j! bro^^>\ilt' j)* - rtj-
A. L. Scott, president of tfhe Pacific
Hardware and Steel Compsmy, and
Milton Pray, manager of the sales de
partment of the firm, we.-e ejected
members."- They fill the pistes of H.
G. F. Schumacher, who hasi removed
to Los Angeles, and c-f SamueS 11. Cut
ter, -who resigned because of Illness. .
§ Teh additional fresh water pond.s will
be built during the summer} on the
Moniei 1^ preserve to accommodate all
the citrb .members should the*/ desire
to visit the preserve during f-l^e same
day. Seme riew' buildings are^ also In
contemplation. One of these is a struc
ture 20x45 feet for kecper'3 quarters
and dining-room.' The basemaat will
be used for stores and supplies.
The shooting over the clu.b'3 preserve
this ? year ha?*, shtrw marked improve
ment overcast season. Each rocceed
\jrs season^ ls : espffctfjd to show better
results, op ducks; cuaiJ andiSniie.
There are thousands' of ducks on
Monterey Bay and a* heavy storm
would set them in motian.
At the. annual mcetlr-g of the E. pire
Gun Club. the following* ofTlcers were
re-«le<ited for the enaulng year:
President, J. P. Sweeney; vice presi
dent. Dr. George G. Gera: seeretarr
treasurer, J. B. Hauer; c.pfaln, A. J.
Webb; l.putenant. If, E. i^avell; ser
geant 1 at arms, C. A. Benni-tt.
President -.Sweeney appointed J. B.
Haiisf.'Dr. Gere. J. Peltier. "F. S. Judah
and ConRoman as the execsjtlve com
mittc / which will manage the club's
affairs during the year. They handled
matter;"' In such a clever manner last
year that a change was considered un
desirable.- j«
tl^.ino/e tfia'n'a month oft the prospects
for .gocld sport are not bright. The
shooting haa<been ovardone near this
city, the birds getting tsuch a bombard
ing ds. to 'make them Iceep well out of
reach of ail pins.
owners of d^ick preser\-es oa the
Sa/^ifn-aiidf Sonoma : marshes
'fiS^iKldiKiri-lrtiJt^shqwJtiiik'for the
J^t^ree'jyjrtfi^. Tliere«re~l^r|:e nura
bfera-^of ,ddcks-ph the bay.'.but they are
guri^ahy andi^void any thins which, has
¦th'e^tppeSt^arice- of a blimi or gunman.
tp$fe i has-been some slight improve
rnent-in 1 t*l\e\s9iootlng during' the past
bujt.; 'another a^orm wftl scatter
«\<:mrdsjr?f9lp. * T
*. With r "the'.et)d of the season but a lit-
Committce-US^Xjuned . tof Ctfii
fer AVitli Park'.£<)"mmfssi#ji
er^i Ik-g^vdiiig: Atiiletic^ Osral
; Iv^etMiyS^tfei&^
}C;S&N-F?ANCISeOAOAIsL^ RACING ) FORM CHART. t _. -;
; »WO«.^ 3p ? R p T 'cfeurkav'sriHng ;T4-^fflr-old^aW yg; v&fue-tcKirBt.^325. .: • !., i
l^i^Pi. ?.Pyner^ .^¦|y^Sy^.'i«..-rf-i..-;-k--^r- -y»n; IrJockeyJ^ i \ prpj? ' &&•;.
r.^^1 I^ftjOKei^,. a.- ( T.i WellrftftnJ'Srwa -3 v~.;;.,7 h7-3 A7.2 G "iy, J> Martin. . ; .5* li'--\,V
Ty'SS.^ ffi»e'-.-S\ow^dew; .¦-5?OVlnjttf).;te$ ' !>; n »,2;"7;4<. U Jackson- , ,^-^sV^t.
i -^ s i*ul-of.Tar«us,'a-(<Valz Ar.«?e) luflO ~ V.-.«*1f h,! 2 <*}.'&& .0*«i:* BftJiMbV.. c>. 5$puvf
j-SSTO [First. Chip; ¦¦4-'(O.- A. -Crand&j^Uo;j • »^ :^'. '.^ .•.';. . .' -r.?. .' Donovan ':. ¦ •. : $l»:"i g /S; $
:«. .•Mil^r.«place.:4; show;.. 2. <>lrl.Vfeh<>w.'.;/<;w<nDer\li-Vn^?bV^Saivaaor-l.lShtning.**'rraln. .
">. <Z rx' IIarm 9n- Scratched— Mlsis Vera/^Start iood.. '- \Voh->ll out. Next two in a
. .- < -^h»£d>,d.dv*, . .The. Seat^la . • 1 Ir»t*KUiiyM»»-eiit«A 1 -puJ4«i 4* orwUma- ~^V4tfi~*'good ridcThe •
t. -. ¦jOlHIer*. would have won. Rustic Girl- ran' a nice race. Bell Reed and Bell loitered-.
•.r.'S-n route. , Martin, on -Lady Kent met <or.ttme. ..The* Stewardess no speed. |Ato- .'¦ ¦
¦x /gW&Wfl'jM " he had undergone the^embalrnlng treatment Donovan on First Chip old Ijls |
lndc^i r :.* r^lio«s*^nd Owner. -— «.iWtjS'ti»-i>. —*?»>¦ ¦ft-.-tHrr—Fin.- I -.Jeek«y*^-P"«#r-^'^f?-*
( ? ti 2^ l , I IP^ tion - l6^ v . D- Randall). |lO2l 4. 2 h 4 2" 4 *i 2 »$.l % lAudebrand \'-* lt l •••• i'7 : . '
• i'^A? f^ 1 " 1^-^*^ ° <McA1ejiter)..tl00l % 1 ltfl'l 1^1 -Vi 2'1»4 harsen- . . . . $&> i 12
"v'SJ • P u 8d«n . a 0V., H.'McName^ 1071 9 1'Vt .8 2 1 8 n '51 ,3-2. J.: Martin.'. - 4"- 7 •
.54.20 I BUly ilooTe.^-CT. ,T;' Rector). !)«¦ 2 9 7 1 H2 4 h/ Trayfcrs. ... 10.
r Anfplwf. •0,.<C->M<^Caft:erty5i;. 104 ; a 3 i%a h 3 «4 4 2': 5 H Burns v.... "4- 1S-5 .
501.,- Marllrr,. '\ (Bender- & - Co.). : 97 810 2 101 81 7 2~6"% . CKiphant .. 2 2
f.HO^^FatjirprrissftXi aHWeJrroanl.: irvi -5' 4 ji 2 n- 2 1'43 n v 7 8- BbU V.f ..... . -o-t ,10
>r 1 »».SJPrestpUi6. 4 1O» 1 .11 ." 11. -11 *1O2*84 a 'keHy*.>- <. 1O* 15 ;'
,4702iMordente, .'4 CNJchols.& Co.). 96 l»-6 2 5 14 S 1 9 3 \T BuUer.. • 60 100
- 02117, inespiritpr. 'aifrBpeseekeV .V. . 'OS U •" i «-.V«-4il(> 2 11 lft 2 CroeaV ...''.'. . ' ; S0 >100 ;
(562<>)lCon;stabV\v5^ Stockton .Statil^) jO7 10r 8? H*7 h » 2 » 1 li • Donovan ... '.10. 25/
• ¦ ¦¦3Hrhe^-:2**li". ''':50. "l J5V4.'l:4i: .'At, pW r l' minute. v Off .at 2.'36. Illllouo^. place;* : 2;. show, \
£';. " W.Clark;ulace> 5; «how\'-5-2. •* Sugdcn/-* »how.. 3-2.'- Winner, ch. g. by TigecOypsette.
_» ' Trained "by W..I.D. Randall. Scratched— Tamm.* Start: good. ? Won In a drive of three. '
-•" \Nlnner ran an excellent , race. ¦" Velma Clark' -showed -Improvement. ¦ Sugderi' came from
¦ ..-. .far: back. < Antolee gave itiup.VSHe was played. Marlin had .his chances rutned ar the
vj-sur^^constable^was rjonoyanUed. • ', . „ ; -'•'-;. *-._ I
VMQ& THIRD RACE— Futurity course; selirng; 4-year-olds andiip; value to- first. |325.
Indajf-I : Horse apd Ofrner. ¦ ]W't)St. Y t \ %T »J. Str. Fin . \ Jockey. - 'dp. -Cl.
5.*>S4 Matt • liogarr^^a (Magrane);. 'llllM „. '61S52 3 1 1 n Inullman-'.. 5-2 3
. B38». Cousin Carrie.' 0- (Burger). ..-.liOOt- 3 ...' 1 1%1 2 1 % 2 ns Kunz ..'.... 6 8
. r.ufta Quiet. • ft-- (H. .E. RoweJJ) •-.-:..' 109 0 ,.. V 2.h 6 2 3 2 3 ;t HlHebrartd | 7-2 7-2
SI544, Pure Dale. 4 (Thorrias & Co.). 2- ..'. 4 14 3 h 4 V?' 4" >4 "' Larsen" \ .'.5 G
¦ .WW iSaintly, a (T~ Crowe) ;./..-. 117 9' ... » 9 7 »J 5 1 J. Martin.. ~ 7-2 - B
(WDO)|B<;rejido». 6 (J. Green) ..%...'. 114 8 ..." 8 'J " n (5 n • B 2 • Bell -,. • 10 15 ¦
WJ4, Ijurehe. 5 OY- U Erttchard): 112 .V;..; 3h 2n 2n ' Vt L- Jackson. .12 2i>.
5440 iMy Surprise. 4 (\V, Rogeni).. lOTj 1 ... r> 2 4 2 S 14- 8 5 Moll 'V 15 .10
5451 jPlckaway. 4 (A- J. Jackspn). 107| 7 .. . 7 n_S h 9 9 ¦ [Burns . 5 : 10
Time— :24 :4$. XilOla. Ai_post J. minute- _Qtat.3^Q4. Hogan. Pla.ce* l;.show. 1-2. Car-:
rie.- place. 4; show. 2. Quiet show, 4-5. \Vinner b g by VVagner-Mi«s Hlght." Trained
by AV. P. Magrane. , Scratched— Hellas, Mr. Phlniiy. Our Pride. Start good. Won \n
• .a hard'Urlve of thrc.e. Winner went' the overland. - Cousin Carrie was-well keyed jip.
• Quiet was cut; off by .-Lur€ne»on back stretch, but got thrdugh on rail later. Pure Daja
. . -rahd to »«or::ad4-antage. Too much weight on Salntl>\ Berendos can do better. Lu- - »
¦V» rene ijuitiT was, cilt bK'early.-Jn the- game on the rail. Gjitr*
j .^tt^SFOtRTH'R^CE^-jgtyiVgnd^ gtyte>rithfroile)i:Tselllrlg; j-y^ar T old> up;' ta ftrat. $325.
Indexb- ,... Horse an,d Owner^'- jWtlS^. • 1,4 .- t \k.; ?i . .Str. Fin. I .Jockey. I. Op. qj- .;
- (Tom. Slavin. 6.(Clifrord). : .•: .-.t,99[- 1 •2'*i--2*2 1 ,22 % 2-2" l'Vs iLatseh '..:': 7-2 ' -'4.'
••S«47- > j^pUrno.'^S (t). a?^,Fyak<»man).i lOtiKe::? 1 :t Li 1 n 1 n-. 21,»iiOHphant . . . ..' > 8 li
V*VS3-M.\ A\W.< a'i*i^e V Clfy fr)<ll* f<r*'n « h ifr l%4-t^h'.;teeeV.i.\*:. ? .- ;s-.- ,-. li,
¦54J*»trfc ; ip?ri^HvC.<F;r^ w sto<T)''.^.VimiwT 5^'4 u 4 n, 5 i-i 5 *J.Jt. Butlet.. jUsd* ihr'.
f.C!2 [Exiveaknt -.k CP. B.^mUh).'.. OB 12 12 12 12 9 2 7 2Vi'H. -Smith. . -^^ * -W K
.".OH Lap;dU8^fi'(M. J. Daly) 2. no 2 1 1 >4t h 8,8 7 2 N n W. Daly... fi 4
W!10 [Dotterel. 4 (F. .T. O-Rourke).!. .t»9 8 4 h 5 h 8 r. « n 0 3 Kunz / 12 15
&«;rHJ -fDonator. jl (C. Mulhollahd) . ; . .0« 0 10 >410 2 11 3 11 10 h Sherwood . 3O'^ 6O
. H»i.14-MrchiH»-t!. f.-^J.-'Ju McCabeV«t ».• 10» 1O -0 n 11 4 10 1 12 11 Hildebrand 12 12
. r »a:2-fWacGyte.^ ,a (C. T. noot8).* H> |I01 3 C 1 0 \' 3 7 h 10 12 |J. Martin... « 6
Tlm^±4. :4!». 1:16,-.U:41U. l^?*i-r At post 3 minutes. Off. »t .3 30? Slavln, ; place, - 2:
UiMf. l^*tl|rflmo, place. J5; sh0A^S-2. Woods, show, 5-2. 'Winner. • hr. b. tr>-.* Ngphcwr
JjosAhlnel'fcJri^lned by H. Hanitjtbn. Start good. Won In a nard" drive of four.' : Winner
'»#>«ft.* Optimo riWbls race. SlUaS cam«-from the woods. f .SI»exivlno ran a fair race.
xAVthus was short. DottereJrireft. MacOyle wind broken::" • r^-'~ K ¦>.-«• • v
. fi«7Oi i'^ftCTH RACE— Six a gg^J^* lf furlop^a; selling^ 3-yj»a£-$Jas:; paluVtji Hrslj $323.
Index l^^^HQ^^^pw^^' iWtlSt.H.C^V :|JiJrRf. Ft"nX jT^tfcei^ 1 , Op. CK ¦
(5CTU*AnanW^^^'^ftr)fCV 107 1 1 1 il-j'% 1 lVjtn 1 S^lHiwebrmndi . S-5 *~8^5
6C07 |Et Tu Brut^'lJr J5 Moran).... 100 3 2 2 », 2 1^2 1^2 3^|LaT*en .... 4 9-2
(SCO) 'Coroner Kelly (Bender & Co.) 105 5 7 6 2U5 »i 4 2 &1 &lOllphant . .. 6 S
*>fir>«'>2 Bombardier «W.- B.Jennings). 107 4 -i« n 4h 4 1 3h 43 jj* Martin... 4 ' 6
:54M» Harbor (H. E. Rowell) 101 6 .3 % .5 .H 6 2.6 2-i-5'3 iTravers ... ,- »lgv t ¦' 40r
.5416 Nt?rthT<e?t (.Clifford & Co.). v Wl 2 4 2 3 1 3'1 T»'2 «% IX T. Shehn "30 10O
M60 ]Ml's3 Betty (T. O. Ferguson). Ill 7 5 h .7 7. 7 7 [Bell ,. . . ; . »-2
Xime — :23\4, ;47*i. 1:13, 1:20. * At post % minute. OfT at 3:50. Ananias, place. 3-5; show,
1-4. Brute, place, S-S; show; 7-10. Kelly, .shpw, 4-5. Winner, ch. c. by Ocean Vlew-
VeracIouE. Trained by J. F. Schorr. Scratched— Telephone. Lustlg. Start good. Won
easily after on early drive. Next two driving. Ananias best. Et Tu -Brute ran his race.
Bombardier won't do. Bell made_ another^ mess _of jt_ with Miss Betty.
.5U71. SIXTH RACE — One mile and 70 yds.; mares & geldings; 4-yr.-olds ]& up; first. $325.
.Indexf Horse «nd Owner. IWtlSt. U. >i,. »;. Str. Fin. J Jockey. Op. CU
5ti:i5 (Joe lesser. « (H. D. Beams); .|109| 7 6 2 3^22 2 2V$1 2 Larsen ¦ 2 13-5
r.Ul IFlush of Gold, a (Mrs. Owens) 107 2 2 % 1 n 1 % 1 n 2 1 J. Martin... 2 lS-fi
(KjK.7) Gorgalett*, 4 (J. Fitzgerald).. 5)" (i 4 n 4 h 3 n :« >* :t n Kuns ./.... 5 9.0
5G45 ¦¦ Gmfter. « (Blaslngame). .. ... 1CJ 3 .". h 5 2 5.1 4 !* 4 3 Bell 3 11-5
„.-.. iChlfkadee. 6 iMcCafferty) 102 1 11 21 4 h 6'2 - 6 1*4 J. T. Shehn 40 6O
«•*.« tCTHagen B (F. W. Doa»"> 114 4 7 7 7 0 1 « 1^4 Connell .... 20 20
5.V^.*i IMrGrathlana Prnce. at Reagan) 104 R- 6 H 6 h « n 7 7 J. Jones 10 25
TlmR _:2r.; :50. i :15U. 1:41%. l:45«i. At post 1 minute. Off at 4:24. Joe, place. 4-5: show
2-5" -.Flush, Place. 7-5: show, 3-5. Gorgalette, shov,-, 3-5. Winner, b. g. by Whltney-
Hermle. Trained by O. Summers. Scratched— Xigrette. Start good. Won easily. Next
two driving. Joe I^e?ser well ridden. Flush of Gold short or she would have won Gor
galette ran a good race. Bell on GrafUr broke, a stirrup iron. Chickadee not ready.
O'Hagen ran a poor race. . .
A\ ood vVard*« Is Leased bV\L«yy
«*'nd . r Greggmn^! i and . Will
Be • i k)in jiic tel }\'j ji^nuMU'lcd
Weeks to Ban,
:: Giini^cri ;^ee, but Poor Sport
jjf. i fit "Prbs jjc t ; for T h? msel ves
Next to Larsen the best saddle work
was done by Hildebrand, ' who rode
two winners.
Joe Yeager spent a profitable after
noon in the ring, taking away about
$9000 from his brother pericllers.
First Chip came in for strong back
ing to. win the first, race. Donovan
went over to the. post and got the
horse left. There is no excuse for
this sort of business and whenever a
boy gets left on a ! horse that is not
an* especially fractious actor : the
judges should send down to the Em- I
eryville cannery, for a big tin can. It
is a noticeable fact about racing that
'but few horses are left at ;the . post ]
when starts are made from in-.fron.t-of
the stand. Perhaps some retired rid
e"r now employed'.at some" other voca
tion can explain this.
,,The Call acknowledges the receipt
of a copy of Joe Ullman's, literary ef
fort, "What's the Odds?". The book'
is bound in cloth and contains some
clever stories of the turf.
The Fpllansbee handicap, with a
gross valuation of more than $4000, is
down for decision* at Oakland' this
afternoon. This is one of the richest
stakes of the season and there will
probably be ten or more, starters, ac
cording to the condition of the weath
er. Shot Gun, the Jennings =carck,
was assigned 140 pounds, but unless
it should rain, will not face thei bar
rier. Rockaway, Incubator, Arcade,
Hagerdon, Martinmas and Dainty are
among those carded to stajt.
ENTRIES FOR TO-DAY. <
First race— Six furlongs : three- > ear-olds and
up; Belling:: . . '
&032 -Tamm (Magrane) >,...•.... :;101
M30 'Ethel Atbott (Miller) .:......-. 84
5050 -Reno B«He (Waahoe stable) «y
5548 Fnark (Fountain) ..106
4700 Priestlike (Snider) . '. .' . .-. .loi
r»GU6 Lady Kent (Wellman) .101
5t>44 Rlnaldo (Slskl you stable) .......... 100
5327 'Benlash (Jenness) ....88
0432 Leach (Levy) . ...... v 101
. Abbeystead (HcCafferty) ..mxj
4108 St. Rica (AtkirM) ....:........ ...lOi)
Second raw-Five and a half furlongs;
four-year-olds and up: selline: .
4229 'Laura F M-(MIHer) ".V.V;85
42CS 'Prestano (Tlerney) „ 37
5044 Brennus (Judge) ............;..... .-JOo
544rt John BOBgs (Stover) ............. ...;.iO2
r>»H Gibraltar (McKenzie) ....: ....105
1529 Rippsr (Lane) .......102
Bullman put Matt Hogan over the
plate winner of the Futurity spin fol
lowing. Billy Magrane's old gelding
had a slight call in the betting^oyer
Quiet and Saintfy! On^the stretch turn
Bullman \vas cdnipelled - to the
bunch, but iinaj^y .wore down v the lead
of the pacemaker, ! CqU6in '-Carrie, re
ceiving a.vP^bkMdec^ioii'., Quiet; cut off
onee on the ,back v sir-etch by Lurene,
lost the f place* \>y k'Maq. ¦? '*. \
A job left 'bunch of twefVe selling
platers lined up in. the mile and a six
teenth number. Larsen' astride Tom
Slaviri, -which closed esfuarchoice-with
Lapidus, again carried off, the laurels.
He waited in second position wftlT the
brown horse until, well into the stretch
and then in a drive downed Optimo
half a length. Lapidus retired after a
short engagement out in the lead.
Frank Woods was third.-
Johnny Schorr's colt Ananias scored
another set (ft brackets in the six and
a half furlong run for three-year-olds.
Ananias, with Hildebrand in the sad
dle, was held an 8 to 5 choice, and in
front from the start ran in more than
three lengths before Et Tu Brute at
the wire. Bell on Miss Betty succeeded
in getting knocked out of the race early
in the game.
With all due respect to Bell and his
ability or disability, it must be said he
has been playing in hard luck the past
few days.^He had the mount on Graft
er, which was plunged on ' to take the
final mile and seventy yard number,
and had the misfortune to break a stir
rup iron. Flush of Gold made all the
early running, but was apparently shor.t.
Joe Lesser, the second choice, piloted
by Larsen, led the Fresno mare out a
couple of lengths. Gorgalette ran a good
third.
NOTES OP THE TRACK.
MATT" HOCi AN BY^A-NECK.
» : .. ; v,:. ¦ -:¦'-¦', >¦"'¦ : .. .'. '.', :'
t The f e'a'tiir'e. of the racing . at | O&U-:
was thftjpxjRfllep't
-ivork in the saddle of Bob SnythVs.apf.
0r^ntj<fe,;'IjarSen. 4, The Swedish", named;
mjjin « finished first qiKjluicthjaV-
Tom ;SlayfH.-and^Jtfe Lesser, besldes>ije?.
'ir.g fftauceg' , witH'jyelrna ' jCtifrin. and £{V
Tu-Brutfe. I .•¦' •"•¦¦¦'• ¦ '. •'/"*- - » -•••>•">.
V< LaTfeeri is ' In *u riass u na" ijx^^SS y7"g ap
efrallyVge'ts away, frb'jn the barrier \\$)X
Srr*cl iaWVaVsol)d<-.pair: J of hands. .Better
t&in ¦ -aitf$s7hV perdgri'tagjfe cSlunin V 6f
wnjinjto'gk. mounts . roils uj>
?howgj'no abnwmal?*ojey'triowtient. "int.
cidentally it .might'^'be; rnen.i^oned..tn«'
croM^^-which v^-^Jdi^'^He^fo^-a^
off .day. picked manj; vfiirhers and^tlie
rln|r suffered severe 'losses.^ "'\< . • * ? v
'•Ihng prices were^'lataabOiit/tHe vU-,,
rious winner^, 'which.^:aV--. i t'he>»c^'ief;
cause, of the hOQJts^.rflCPiYlng, -gucK^ a
drubbing. Favorites ' flnisjied first in
only three events, .but,U.lctnj i a...inHouop:
and Joe Lesser all had«friends..
ULCTMA SCORES qLiayijiRLY.. .,
• Ulctmara Vast; piece, of xacinfi- hard-^.
ware \yhjchf.woh, sely.eral Pftnel races at
the Seattle- meeting list su^rnmef.ftook"
the opening Pntufity- ; ctfurs.e: sprints It
was fisurea that' the distance was^tqo
far for the mare, and from 4: the ' price
went to 6. She- was given her: own
time in- which the. route and,
nicely rated, lasted long 'enough* to beat
The. Miller, half a length. With good
handling the last named . tiorse could
have won. Lady. Kent, the lukewarm
favorite, was ridden by Jack Martin,
and he go^ into all sorts of difficulties.
1 here were eleven- starters^, in! the
mile selling event," and : the winner
turned up in Billy Randail's. Illilouon.
Although the gelding looked to have
an undeniable chance, his odds went
from 4 "to 7. with the smart money go-
Ing in on Marlin, .the favorite, and An
tolec. The latter displayed a trace of
her o!d. lorni,. but. iaUed to connect.
; VOJiphant succeeded, in. getting Marlin
cut j off at .the- startCapd Sv&s" jiev^v; a
factor. Velma, Clark, a 12 to 1 outsider;
ridden .by^ Larsen, xut out all 'the pacc<».
I and. only lost to Illi\ouon by. half a
length- in'. i:4li; ''STugdfen- finfehed-.af'.gpo^
third. • 'V
SEASON: SOON TO CLOSE
NEW PAVILION :FOK?m>UTS
Feathered* -Game Seems to
, Have Left the Club Preserves
for ~ Distant Parts Unkaown
Executive Committee of P. A.
; A. iAUqVs Them More Time
, Before Takia^rFiiiaL Action
Is One 'of Five Favorites at
Ascot Park Which Fail Their
Backers at Critical Moment
Yoniig Corbctt aud Jimmy
Hritt Will (oiifW. To-Nigh t
With Managed -ipf .• fclubs
Heavily Backed HbrsQ§ ftiaii|^^iS^Q?it andJhe. Ring Meets With
More Reverses— Three Cfiplces -Are Tirst---Matt Hogan Downs
Cousin Carrie~-Flush" bfi^Goild Tires and -.Joe Lesser Scores
LARSEN SHOWS FINE-FORM IN SADDLE,
RIDING THREE WINNERS AT OAKLAND
AMATEUR FIGHT
PROMOTERS ARE
GIVEN A CHANCE
ESTADO IS LEFT
AT THE POST IN
OPENING RACE
DUCK SHOOTERS
FIND BUT FEW
BIRDS IN SIGHT
BOXERS TO MEET
AND OPEN BIDS
FOR BIG FIGHT
SPORTS OF THE RACETRACK, THE PRIZERING AND THE ATHLETIC FIELD
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, -SATURDAY, JANUARY 0, 1904.
Prison Made Cigars Not to Be Taxed.
WASHINGTON,; Jan. 8.—The Com
misioner of, Internal j Revenue has de-.
cided that'it is permissible «for I State
prisons to manufacture tobacco or
cigars for their own inmate's without
paying license. : :
Pool of Sailing Ship Owners.
GLASGOW, Jan. 8.— -The Sailing
Ship Owners* Association' received a
cable message, from Bremen : to-day,
saving that ajt'a meeting of ship own
ers at Bremen, representing 140,000
tons, it had been agreed to join the
international union for the establish
ment of minimum freight rates over
the principal trade routes. The Ger
man owners .stipulated that '75 per
cent of the Sritish and French firms
must join the union.
BERLIN'i Jan. 8. — Emperor William hai end
ed hi» course of. voice, training:. The-Emi>er
or'» late instructor. Dr. Gu»tav Spies*, has re
turned to Us home at FranUXert.
Plrst rawse— tafly Kent, Ethel Abbott.
Snark. . • . • .. ', '., . . ¦
Second race — Laura P M, Meehanus,
**>terpow«r. , , . .
' Third raoe-f-Bay Wonder,' Lamlows,
Bollick. . ' " ¦¦ ¦'. .V
Fourth race— Ben MacDhui, Jenninars
Stable,. Bocka*?ay.. .. .
> Fifth race— Ben M&cDlmi, JTamtor, Hl
jrxette. .,-'¦,- i':-»!?i-#jf.i ,';... , :t
Sixth race — Hipponax, . Kitty Kelly,
Mocorito. ...»•.'. • . -, •• .• - : ' .' .- : ¦• .
PROBABLE WIKKIHS.
21. T. Arty Has a Dewperate Struggle
\\ i'.Ii Gonzaga Carlos and Cooks
Him for Burglary.
11THE SAN FRANCISCO, CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 9, 1904.
12
Alll now universally" used In cleaning carpets
cn floor, without removal; price moderate.
S. F. Compressed Air Cleaning Co.. Call
building. Phono Main 6237.
WJJEN you become, disgusted with your wart-
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
lng TVprks. 355-357 Tehama. st.; teL South 40.'
TRY Ropke Bros.; carpet beating; mattreBsel
made over. 1432 Howard; tel. South 216*
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning W r orks. 1800 Har-
rleon St.: Al cleaning; 3c; tel. Mission 228.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
. tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM t CO..' Props.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works;prlee«
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. : tel.Mlsslon 263.
CONKLIN"S Superior . Carpet-beating Work*.
S33 Golden Gate ave ; telenhone Tlast 128.
DEXTISTS. A
DR.'. GRUSS, OOl-fT-U , c\llaghTn"Tld^7~Market
and McAllister eta.,' uses the Basfcrd Obtun.
der; the only device ever invented for grind-
ing, .drilling and 'excavating teeth -without
* pain. For demonstration call at office.
DR. LUELUM HILL. 1441 Market. nr. Eleventh
— No charge for ¦ extracting when plates ar«
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $¥ per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
\7m1anted 20 yrs.: crown. $3 50; fillings, 50c:
plates. $5: full set: all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental • Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
,:. Set teeth $1 50 up: crowns $2 up;. fillings 25c.
GOLD filllnjs. 75c; silver, S5c;cmwns, $2; no
pain; open Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hewttt.2C4 Sutter.
A. ARTHUR CH1SHOLM. surgeon dentist,
room 14 Phelan building. San Francisco.
UUKSS.HAKKHS A.VD SEAMSTRESSES
ACCORDION, sunburst & knife plaiting. Stew-
art's button & buttonhole factory. 110 Taylcr.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School —
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. 1010 Mkt.
' \ EDUCATIONAL.
ANOTHER Enlargement— California Business
College moves th; first of the year to lu
new home. 001-W28 Golden Gate ave.. occu-
" pylng 18.000 square, feet, the entire top floor
cf the new Pioneer. Automobile bldg.. oppo-
eie beautiful Jefferson square; every modern
l<5ea for health. 'comfort and prOgresa of our
• titudents: departments all reorganized and re-
. furnished: occupies larger space than any
other two business colleges on the coast:
write' at ouce for our 75-page illustrated
. catalogue, giving full Information about our
~(> r#r cent removal discount. Address 300
. ¦ Larkln . tt. r
ALWAYS the best— We are enlarging our
r, quarters 00 per cent: other schools are mov-
""ing farther out to secure cheap rent : our lo-
cation is central, among the business houses.
. giving advantages in *«curing : positions, also
convenient car service; experienced , business
men as teachers: actual' business bookkeep-
ing; Gregg shorthand (used in half the
schools in America);' typewriter at home
free. SAN FRANCISCO BUSINESS COL-
I.EGE. 123C Market et. . ' : ¦
'AYRES. the leading business college. 723 Mar-
ket st. : ' established IS years; life scholar-
ship. $50: bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typ-
ing, arithmetic, spelling. . etc ; positions se-
cure ; the college refurnished with new
'typewriters and furniture Jan. 1. Catalogue
free.
YOUNG Italian ; gentleman. Just arrived from
China; Is willing to get daily English - les-
sons- from t American; state conditions; refer-
ences given If requested." Address box 3023,
Call offlce.
IIEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST. S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, "touch typing,
languages, telegraphy. English branches; day
and night sessions; Illustrated catalogue free.
CALIFORNIA Business College, 305 Larkln st.
5 ¦ "A thorough school": positions secured 'for
¦graduates; modern methods; individual in-
struction. Write for illustrated catalogue. .
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
/• ,for the . university. Maw and medical colleges;:
j ref.. ( President Jordan or any Stanford profes-
¦Bor; day arid, evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
HINMAN'S ' Academy: ¦.' a thorough school of
. dancing; established 20 years. ' 1412 Polk St..
between Pine and California; both adult and
: children's classes .are now open for the season.
HEALD'S School of. Mines & Electricity. 24 Post
St., S. F. ; a , practical school . of . engineering ;
, . complete equipment. : Special. catalogue free. %
TEACHER will give private assistance to pu-
pils deficient 'in scholarship; day- governess.
MISSLANE. 1827. Hyde st. "
ENGINEERING-^CIvil. elec,; mln.. mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. ev. ; est.' 1864 . Van
'. der- Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ST. JOSEPH'S ACADEMY. Peralta Park.
'Berkeley, boarding school for boys under 15.
BRO.'GENEBERN. Director.
DANCING . Tuesday. ' Thursday. ; Saturda y Sun-
day , evgs.;' ¦ Teutonia . Hall. ; Howard at.^ -near
• Oth. Prof. Foster; society,- dancing taught...'
SPANISH ;> quick, method; 'dally lessons; $1 a
week; 4 ,to V p. m. Room '42, ¦ Parrott 'bldg.
I EDUCATIONAL Ci>r>tI ? tt r. < *'..
BANJO, mandolin, guitar thoroughly tau?ht;lat-
est methods. J. H. MANSFIELD. 4C2 Geary st.
PIANO lesson-s. 2. r >c half hour. MRS. PKCK.
experienced teacher. 1013 Mission, nr. Sixth.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine st Night clase.
ARITHMETIC bookkeeping, grammar. writing.
etc. : day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission. nr.Cth.
E3IPLOYaiENT OFFICES.
G^TTouT^rp^ar^n^^A^AXE^E^.MPLor"
MENT OFFICE and Housecleanlnjr Co.. 1*13
- Plr.e. nr. Jap. M. E. Church: phone Polk 3C66.
GEORGE AOKI. 421 Post st.: tel. Bush 13S—
Japanese-Chinese employment offlce; fur-
n:shes best help: contracts for farm help, etc.
A— ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chinese help. 426 Powell. Tel. Main 5752.
A— GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office. 413
Stockton; tel. Grant 16S: expert, reliable help.
SWEDISH and German Female Employment
Offlce. 115 Franklin St.: phone Folsom ¦ 2S0C.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chlnes« Employment Of-
nce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 yean.
Tel. Main 1907. BRADLEY * CO.. 640 Clar.
EMI'LOVJIENT WA.NTK D— FE31 A LE.
GERMAN superior cook. Eastern references,
all kinds of cooking, wishes situation. See
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 334 Sutter at.
DESIGNER cutter and fitter. Just arrived
from New York, desires position in dress-
making department in ' a flrst-class house:
would Ilka where there is advancement as
buyer and manager. • Box 3031. l Call . offlce.
GOVERNESS wishes position; thorough,' expe-
rienced, teacher and musician; piano, voice
culture.' German. English branches, litera-
ture; terms £J0: reference*; country pre-
ferred. Box uOM, Call offlce.
PLAIN sewing done. 1340 Folsom st.
YOUNG girl would like a position as nurse.
Box 30S4. Call offlce.
YOUNG lady wants house cleaning or offlce,
$1 .'.0. 916 Howard st., room 1.
GIRL wishes to do second work. Call at 256
Langton st. •
YOUNG woman wishes housecleaning; $1 60
per day: reference. 760 McAllister st.
NORWEGIAN girl would like position to do
¦ general housework. Box 30S2, Call offlce.
AN experienced housekeeper in all its branches,
a good dressmaker, wants situation in Ala-
meda or Oakland; wages $20. I2o;;',i Golden
Ga-te ave., city.
A COMPETENT woman wishes a situation in
a private family as cook; good reference:
good took; won't answer cards. Call at 1111
FoUom st.
A HOUSEKEEPER wants situation to elderly
couple or Invalid; willing to go south; respect-
able and highest references. Address box
.1005. Coll offlce.
WANTED by a young woman with child 1 year
«.-ld, position in family: wage» no object;
country preferred. 2S28 Twenty-fourth st.
A LADY would like a position to take car© of
children by the hour or day. MRS. K. JO-
S-EPHINE. 104 Eighth st.
FRENCH girl wishes a situation to do second
work Apply 429 Sutter st.
DANISH girl wants situation as second girl
in private family. Address 1007 Hamp-
shire Et., city; call bet. 1 and 3. 7 '-y i-
YOUNG Eastern girl wishes position to do
second worlc with Catholic fatally; good
wages required. Box 3007. Call.
EASTERN girl wtshes position as upstairs
girl or general housework: good wages, with
nice family. Box 3098, Call.
MIDDLE-AGED lady wishes position with
Catholic family as governess; speaks French
and German. 236A Seventh St.. from 10 .to 4.
A SWEDISH irfrl wanta situation to do gen.
eral housework in a private family. Can
2320 Twenty^jhlrd at. '
YOUNG French girl 'would like situation In
private family to take care of children and
do sewing. 1604 Point Lobos are.
A FIRST-CI.ASS laundress wants work by
the day. 1623 Pine at. /
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch Office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for Th«
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister st.
EMPLO YMENT, _ WAXTEP— -MAXB. •
GARDENER and man about place for family
wishes situation: best of references. See • J.
F H CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacra'mento «t.
AN old gentleman wants employment as night
watchman; can keep plain books: Is good
at figures; transact business and other light
work; city or country; the best of refer-
ences. Box 3087. Call offlce.
WANTED — By experienced coachman, work in
private place; city references. Box 3033.
Call office.
YOUNG man, 19 years, to learn grocery busi-
ness. Box "086. Call office^ -.
COOK all around wcrk. wants situation in
city "or country hotel. Box 255. Call offlce.
TRUSTWORTHY young man who Is an ex-
perienced stenographer, desires a position In
that capacity solely to better himself; San
Francisco or Oakland; references. Box 3100,
Call offlce.
WANTED — Situation on ranch; thoroughly un-
derstand horses and cattle, also traction en-
gine and all kinds of farming machinery;
best references. Box 3231. Call offlce.
A SOBER, Industrious man wants position, in
business house, or to drive wagon; thor-
oughly acquainted with the city. Addreaj
box 3018, Call offlce.
YOUNG man desires clerical position In San
Francisco wholesale house; has had experi-
ence in offices of wholesale grocery houses;
references. Box 2,059. Call.
AN engineer. American, used to holstiwr and
stationary engines, would like a position of
trust; can furnish references from present
employer. L. M., box 3235, Call.
i POSITION . wanted — A reliable married man:
understands care of horses, carriages and
harness and can milk: wife good cook and
laundress; references. S. D., 77 Ninth st.
RELIABLE; coachman wishes a posttlon; thor-
: oxighly understands care of horsrs. carriages
and 1 harness: general man around place; good
reference. TV'. P., 77 Ninth St.
WANTED — Position as engineer on freezing
plant; 8 years' experience erecting and run-
' ning same; do own repairs. ¦ Apply, box
aO24, Call.
YOUNG man wants poaltlcn as collector; good
education an 1 best of references. Address
room D, Ms Nineteenth St., Oakland.
COMPETENT young man stenographer. 1 four
years' railroad experience, wants position any
kind. Box 304S, Call offlce.
WANTED— A position as elevator operator by
experienced young man; ; references given.
Box ;{0»2.;Call office.
YOUNG man wants position as choreman on
ranch or In private famify: sober, reliable.
B6x 3013. Call.
1 -
ELDERLY, man wants work; private family;
horse?, cardenlng; useful In general: refer-
ences; wages moderate. Box 3053, Call.
ENGINEER wanta position; understands steam
.- ' and electrical: all Mnds of work around
building. Box 3027. Call.
YOUNG man knowing Russian would like a
. traveling position. Box 3009. Call office.
.SITUATION wanted as gardener or assistant
gardener; single: ; age 34. Box 3230. Call.
MINE . blacksmith and tool sharpener wants
position; best references. Box 3021, Call.
JAPANESE couple 'want positions; man house-
work and wait' at table, wife take care of
baby. Mail only SOJ, 712 Pine st.
-YOUNG Chinese, flrst-class • cook, wishes posl-
tlon In private family. CHUNG WING i)02
Clay st. ¦
¦JAPANESE boy desires DO&ltlon as achoolboy
and, houseworV. 637 Pine st. *
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
' received at Call branch offlce. 2200 'Flllmor*.
1 FLATS TO LET.
~ — r — — ¦¦ • ¦
HOUSES and flats to let: an Immense list-
: service absolutely free; taie advantage of
this department : It will sate you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co. 245-250 Geary
; at., on the square.
ALL of the most desirable flats and houses ar»
listed in our renting, department: let us cive
you a list and help you find one In the loca-
tion you want. - STERLING FURNITURE
COMPANY. -1030 Market st. : services abso-
lutely free. . ' ¦
MCALLISTER, 331— Unfurnished parlor floor-
4 rooms and bath; adults; $26.-
WALLER. 1708. near Park. entrance— Mod7r7
sunny upper flats. 5 rooma. bath. $22 50. 525*
17— LOWER flat and large yard.~~726}i~Ha7/
rlson st.. between Third and Fourth. • J
THE CALL
,TCH?r D. SPBECKEtS^JProprietor^
iuj ajrcsc^jg^laloEylmnLMiT, Kaiassr
W. J. MAKTIX Business Manager
A>k tor THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
cext lou With the Detriment You Wish.
Publication Office. .-. .Market and Third. S. F.
editorial Booms 217 to 221 Stevenson rt.
Dtlivered Iiv Carrier*. 2t» Cts. Per Week. 75
Cas. Pt-r Month. Single" Copies 5 Cents.
Tern;* by Mail, Including Postage iCash With
*-' rtifr ' : <c «n
I'AILY CALL Ornlud. Sunday), 1 year...$S.w
DAILY i'ALI. u.iclud. Sua<la.v), « mot..-. 4.00
I'Ali.V CALL— Uy Sinple Month «j»c
J-INDAV CALL. 1 Year.. -¦*"
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Year •• Z,'."
i l-Kily $S.M> Per Extra
POBE1GN .iVurdU 4 15 Per Year Extra
PrAGE. [ whuVH 1.00 P« Year Extra
1OSTMASTEKS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO BJSCEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS,
i Copies will »>e forwardeti »hen re-
quested.
Mail FUbscrJbere in orjering change of ad :
riress f=h.-uld »>e particular to Kl*e botn NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS in order to Insure a
prompt and correct compliance with the.r re-
oaklanlToffice. ' , , ,„„
Jll« Broadway Telephone Main 10S>
BERKELEY OFFICE. . _.
n<8 Center Street Telephone North .<
WASHINGTON COP.RESPONDENT: \
MORTON K. CRANK 1400 G Street. N. v\-
NEW TORK NEWS STAND?:
Astoria IltUl; A. Urcntano, ..l
Vnfon Square; Murray Hill Hotel; Kifth-av..-
r.ue Hotel and Hoffman Houtc.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman Honset P. O. News Co.: «re«t
Northern Hotel: Twmont House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer House. ¦>
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
«-. GEORGE Ki:OGNi:S.S...ilarq.uett« Builalng
<LoO£ Distance Telephone, "Central Jtfltf. >
NET.' YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
FTKPHEN B. SMITH JO Tribune Bu.iding
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C, C CARLTON Herald Square
..-.•;.- ..
LX-RXESS OFFICE of the Fan Francisco
PCall. corner Market and Third streets: open
until J2 oVlock every ntzlit in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
*C7 Montgomery str.-et. corner Clay; open un-
til 0:30 d. tn.
SCO Hayek street; open until '.<:"0 r- m -
<¦'.!* HrAllirtrr street: cpen ur.til 9:30 p. m.
RS LarUn Ftn»<-t; open until 0: :^' P- ra - *
Misfu^i street; open until 10 p. m.
1I2C1 Market f>tr"et, corner Sixteenth; open un-
til flu. m.
li(i Eleventh street: open until 9 p. m-
3 CDC Valencia street; oren until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Cliurch and Duncan streets;
ofj<>n until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner of Tw<?nty-second ana Ken-
tucky Ftreets; cpen until 9 p. m.
2U0 Fillmore street; oprn until 9 p. m.
CHIRCII ' SERVICES.
JlfUiT Unite.) l'refbyterian Church, cor. Gold-
rn Gate ave. and Polk M. — Preachinj to-
morrow fealibathi at 11 a. ra. and 7 :'M p. m.
by the pastor. H. H. Bell. D.D. Mornins
theme, "The Enemy's Sifting." Evening
,them»-. •'His Firet Ditclple." fifth in series
on "Life of Christ." Sabbath school, 9:43
a. m. C. E. (socift'.es at 5:."50 and fl'.SO p. m.
r=trargers cordially invited to all serx-ices.
Pews fr»e. Courteous ushers. Come and
lirfng yi.ur frirnds.
3IKETIXG .NOTICES.
ASYLUM, of. Golden Gate Comraanftry
No. 1«. K. T.. 625 Sutter 8t. — Special "Cji^
UKBldir THIS 1*. M. at 3 o'clock. £JI
Order of Ited Cross. All fraters are
courteously Invited. By order of the
Ccmnuoder. THEO. FROLICH. Recorder.
OCCIDENTAL Lodse No.-«2. F. and A. m
M.. THIS (SATURDAY) AFTER- 'VV'
NOON at 2 o'clock. First decree. By />r\
order of thf Master.
WALTER G. ANDERSON. Sec.
OTCIPENTAL Ixid«e No. 22. F. and A. «
M.. THIS (SATURDAY) EVENING atW
7:30 o'clock. First degree. By order /V\
of the Master.
WALTER G. ANDERSON. Sec.
. r.XCELSIOR Decree Lode* No. -*«-£«,
2 I O. O F. — n-jru'ar m»etlrc .-C^gaftSjfc
¦^wip -SATCRDAT) E\'ENING.
TTiird degree. '^SfMSSi> r
WM. B. CURTIS. D. M.
«ANMAKERS' Ix)cal 243 and Auxiliaries No?.
. 1 and 2 will hold a special meeting SUN-
DAY. Janviry U». 19O4. at Alcazar buildinp.
as business of importance will be transacted.
Or order cf C». SAVAGE. President.
STOCKHOLDERS' MEETING CAr.nuaD— To
the Stockholders of the Oceanic Steamship
Comrjany— Please take notice that the an-
nual me<?tinK of the stockholders of the
Oceanic Steamship Company will be held at
the. principal office of the company <i. e..
HC7 Market it.. rcon> 4. second floor), in
the <"ity and county of San Francisco. State
of California, or. THURSDAY, the 21st clay
cf January. A. 1). 1304. at 11 o'clock a. m..
fcr the purjtcse of electing directors and fcr
the transaction of euch other business as
may properly come iK-fore the meeting. The
stock transfer books of the company will b«
rlcfced ten (10) days prior to said day of
meeting. Ty ordtr of the Board of Directors.
H. Vi*. THOMAS. Secretary Oceanic Steam-
f-hij.' Company. S27 Market «t., San Fran-
cieco. Cal.
ANNUAL meeting — The regular annual meet-
ing or th< FtookholdTS of the Pajaro Vallev
Connclidatrd Railroad Company will be held
ot the office, of the company 327 Market
(-•treet. San Francisco, on MONDAY, the ISti;
hday of January, 19O1, at the hour of 11
o'clock a. m.. for the purpose of electing u
l.oard cf directors to serve for the ensuing
; ear ar.d for the transaction of such other
1'iiElnese cs rr.ay come before tlje meeting.
The trarsler booltF of the company will cloee
cn Friday. January 15. 1904. at 3 p. m.
W. H. HANNAM. Secretary.
ANNUAL Meeting — The annual meeting of the
FioikhoiQers cf the Spring Valley Water
Company will be held at the offlce of the
<¦crr.ja.ry. No. 120 Stockton ot.. at 12 o'clock
noon, cr, WEDNESDAY, the 13lh day of
January, 1904. for the election of directors
to «erve for the ensuins year, and for the
-.-em's- :i' :i cf euch other butlntss &• may
<OTCt before the meeting.
PEI.HAM W. AMES. Secretary.
Fan Francisco. California. December 30.
:3C3. ?
THE annual xneetlca; cf trie etockboljera of
the Nevada National Bank of Saa F.-aa-
rlttrt, Cal.. *rtll be beld at 1U banking
fccute. 2ul Moctjtomer>' etreet. San Frma-
citco. Cal.. cn Tuesday. January 12. 1804.
et 2:15 p. m., for the election of director*
•r, terN'e durlcg the ensuing year, and for
the transaction of ruch other buaineis *j
tdM-T come btrfore the treetinc.
GEORGE GRAirr. See.
6an Frscclfco, Dec. 12. 1903.
THE California Dctris Commission ha\1nsr re- .
ceived application to mine by hydraulic pro-
i e«» from E. C. Robinson, In Slug Gulch
placer rr.ir.e. near Falrplay. El Dorado Coun-
ty. California, draining Into Middle Fork
CMumn'i River, gives notice that meeting
Trill be l:eld at room »6, Flood building, San
Francisco, Cal., January 18. 1904, at 1:^0
P. ru.
AGEXTS WAVTED. ~~ ~ ~
WANTED — Firm suitably located to accept
general agency for Peerless patterns, the
Y.'.ghret grade of paper patterns, which are
about to be introduced to the coast trad:;
can be handled In connection with any line
kindred to department • etore trade or dry
(roods trad.e; excellent opportunity for right
t pcrty; experience in this particular line de-
cirable; no attention paid to irresponsible
people, but will communicate promptly with
right parties with a view of closing negotia-
tions through our representative, who will
vieit t*n ..Francisco in the early spring.
Write, stating full particulars, also give r«f-
erences. Independent-Peerless Pattern Cota-
pany. 42 East Twentieth st.. New York.
WOMEN and men solicitors wanted. Apply to
Halpruner llefilcal Mfg. Co.. 28 Californ'a
*t.,- 1 to 8. ¦
AGENTS of l>cth srxes for big ..icney. Call on
WM, FCHARKnT. 27S3 Harrison tt.
ADVXBTISEMEirT WKITIISTr. ,.
HAVING recently acquired thi-ougTT "ejLcha'nee
of property three $40 scholarships in the best
College of Advertising in the United States.
1 will sell them at 25 per cent discount for
««fch: the college teaches advertisement writ-
ing by correspondence an d assists Its grad-
uate* to eecure position*: catalogues fur-
nighed on application. >ddre f « hox :802c,. Call.
ASTnOLOGY.
Um. J. Francis, artrologist. tuite 10. Hotel
Lar.gham: houn=. 10-5; evi». by appointment.
DIItDS. DOGS. ETC.
TVARULrNG canarletrT talking parrots; all
kinds cf ions and fancy birds; goldfish, seeds.
«*««. tc Give us a trial; w« will plea»e
DCSIXES9 CHATV'CES— Conttnnefl.
A PARTNER with $600 cash can clear $1400
In 3 months; a new proposition to catch
suckers who want something for nothing;
best of references sriven. Box 2720, Call.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion cf advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Market St., opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
LODGIXG-HOtSES FOR SALE.
A. CAMERON & CO.. - Phone South 1060.
3 Eddy at., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for rooming-houses, hotels and
all kinds of business chances.
220 rooms; grand new modern apartment-
bouse; elegantly furnished; swell location;
clearing- $400 to $C00 per month; golden op-
portunity.
15 rooms; Van Ness; oak and mahogany
furniture; a bargain If taken at once, --iv/
SS rooms; bonton location: el esant build-
ing; luxuriously furnished: all modern con-
veniences; grand entrance and halls; strictly
up-to-date; called East by slcknees.
12 rooms: Post; oak fur.. Brus. carpets;
clears $50; $300 cash. bal. on Installments;
price $S00.
59 rooms: new and elegant building; fur-
nished beautifully and up-to-date; hot and
cold water every room; $4000 cash necessary.
30 rooms; re'nt $95; flne location; all on two
floors; 3 years' lease; clears $100. all full;
f 2CC0. ;
123 rooms; first-class downtown house; 6-
ycar lease; cheap rent; private bath*; dolns
fine commercial business ; reduced: see thin.
47 rooms; rent only $125; jrood'lease; flne
location; some apartments always full; clears
Sl'OO.
110. rooms: new and elegantly appoint"!
apartment house; one of th« swelie»t in city:
clearing $500 to $600 per month; splendid
oj portutiity.
7- room new modern flat; $450 cash bal-
ance on Installments; income $45; price $550.
24 rooms: rent $140; newly furnished; flne
neighborhood; close in; always full.
1C2 rooms; most elepantly appointed apart-
ment house in San Francisco; beautiful mod-
ern building: tine entrance; cheap rent; clear-
ing j?4C0 per month; 5-year lease; part cash:
balance S r>er cent per year.
19 rooms: cor.: rent $95; oak fur.; good
-carpets, hair mattresses; part cash, balance
on time.
22 rooms: rent $75: never changed hands;
all men: steady roomers ins year around;
clears $S5 per month: tflrst-class business
district; price $lS00.
6 moms; rent $43: oak' fur. : moquet car-
pets; furnished 4 months; clears $45; see this.
18 rooms: flne, sunny c-ner; rent only $80;
well furnished; all outside rooms; flne yard;
. clears $100.
58 rooms; rent $250; 2 years' lease: well
furnished throughout; close in; flrst-class
boardfng bouse: clearing ?250 per month.
5 rooms and bath; rent $18: water free;
new medern flat, furnished 1 year; price $300.
' CO rooma; Bush; rent only $1C2; good'fur..
carpets; clearing over $200 por month; only
34 rooms to take care, of. balance do own
worlc; a snrp.
15 rooms: Van Ness; rent $85: oak. ma-
hogany furniture;" always full; price $1200:
almost new. y
- 8C rooms; cheap rent; furnished last June;
oak fur.. Brus. carpets; clears over $250 per
month; half cash, balance 1 per cent; owner
clck In bed.
7 rooms; rent $38'; modern house: new fur-
niture; clears $S0: only $400 cash, balance
time, 't'-.-y-.- ¦*
14 rooms; rent $40: new and modern little
boarding-house; 'flne furniture; hair mat-
tresses; clearing over $200 per month; price
$1000.
8 rooms; flne flat; rent only $37 50; well
furnished; very central; snap at $500.
24 rooms; rent only $125; first-class : con- <
dltlon; oak. mahog..- birdseye maple fur.,
extra flue carpets; clears f 70; price J $2000;
half cash. bal. l\i per cent. . ¦
28 rooms, rent' only $100: lease; very cen-
tral; well fur, clearing $120; must leave
city within 10 days; re'duced to $1400;" snap.
13 rooms, rent $55; good fur.; carpets all
full'and clean;' price, only- $000.
BEST hotel proposition in this .city; 83 rooms;
eunny ; large dining-room; rent only v $234
month;: always , full ' of .-steady boarders:
profit never less than $200 month; dissolution'
of partnership only reason;' price $7jtX)0; { well
worth $10,000. MARION GRIFFIN -room
. 406.T' Examiner, bldg.:' ¦¦.-. ' :¦;', - ¦•! ;
NICE house at 903 >,£ ' ..Washington '.at..- Oak- :
. land: 1C rooms; fnjnt rooms all sunny; suite
or single; price $900. J
LODOIXG HOUSES FOR SALE--Con.
CALIFORNIA INVESTMENT CO.,
Phone Black 6001. -*•. 777 % Market st.
Bank Reference. • ''*
For bargains see . the old reliable agents.
CAL. ' INVESTMENT CO.. 777'^ Market j|.
LODGING-HOUSE. 38 rooms, In a good loca-
tion on Powell st., paying me a clear proflt
. of $120 per month; house full; reasonable
rent; look at this; I will sell low. as I must
leave the city. Box 2728, Call offlce.
FOR SALE: — A BOARDING-HO'JSK: MEDIUM
SIZE; ELEGANTLY FURNISHED; LOCA-
TION BEST IN THE CITY: LEASE;
OWNER LEAVING TOWN. BOX 2856,
CALL OFFICE. ¦ ¦ .. -.
. $1250 — GOOD corner house of 15 rooms; north
Market: good location. S Mason St. ¦ ,
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. DR. MARTIN, one of the greatest spir-
itual healers In the universe; a business me-
dium; mining a specialty; advice on invest-
ments, all business propositions; I guarantee,
to make charms that will bring husband and
wife together; I guarantee success with my
magnet; my readings by mail arc most satis-
factory; inclose self-addressed envelope;
readings dally 0 a. m. to 5 p. m.. $1 and up;
developing class Thursday 8 p. m. 602 Eddy.
PROF. Fred P. Evans, noted psychic tor slate-
writing and clairvoyance;, stamp .for circular.
1112 Kddy *t.. nr. Octavia; phane Scott SS7.
KATIE HEUBSMANN'S circle Friday eve.,
25c: sit, dally. 1000 Harrison ; tel. Mint 997.
MRS. LESTER, -tfst and business medium;
circle to-nlsht, 10c; readings dally. 142 6th.
MRS. C. C. KOTTER. circle every night. 10c:
card reading 25c; sittings daily. 43 Sixth st.
MRS. L. HODGSON, circles Wed.. Thur.. Frl.,
Sat. Sun, eve.; sittings daHy. 143 Uth, r. ltt.
EDWARD EARLK. lOWEl'lls. readings dally.
0:30 tn 4; sffwnc»n Sunday and Thursday.
OI.AIRVOVA1VTS.
A— Call at Once and Save~$2T~ ""
My Regular $3 Reading This Week for
$1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1
PROFESSOR . l'AUL DESTINE. .
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever In San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and iruarantee to
make no charse if I fall to tell your name, oc-
cupation and what you railed for; I promise to
tell you whether husband, wife of sweetheart Is
true or false; tell you who and whsn you will
marry. In fact. I fill tell you every hope, fear
or ambition better than you can tell yourself;
he restores lost aflectior.s, reunites the" separat-
ed, causes speedy and happy marriage; makej
you euecessf u I and prosperous: cures disease
and lost vitality: 10 a.m. to 8 p.m. ; Sun., 2 to (j.
320 O'Farrell St.— 326.
MME. M. BERNARD. • THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently loca'ed at 17 Third st.. next Examiner
bldg. ; she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present ' happenings and" portrays even's to
occur in the future: If you are In trouble, dis-
contented or not satisfied* with life, or have
domestic. love cr business troublea.'-consuli
this great medium and you will be told how
¦ to overcome them: .valuable advice in all af-
fairs of life: 25c u0; catlsfaction guaran-
teed: readings by mall. * Tel. Black 45«». .';
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
St., cor. Turk: private readings dallj*. .10 a.
m. to 5 p. m.; readings by mall as satisfac-
tory as in person; 3 questions answered, Si-
full life, $5; send lock of hair, date of year
of blrthjdon't send currency; send postofflce,
Wellg-Fargo money order or registered letter.
MME. MARCELLA.Just returned from ex-
tended tour, reads past, 1 present and future
by ancient Egyptian egg method and Le Nor-
mand cards; fee, $1, 1013 Lyon St., bet
., Bush and Pine; phone Geary 2657. -r •
MRS. A. H. KRON^NBERG,. palmist., clalr-
voyant,-card reader: when others fall try me-
good reading 10c. 721 Franklin. nr.G. G. ave.
MISS SSEMDAR, ycung gifted clair. and palm.;
names; L 50c. G $1. 714.Franklln.nr.G.G.ave.
A— Mme. Ravenna reads -life, business advice;
names given; 25c up. 5 4th St.,, near Market.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant. ' card reader, v re-
moved from 132 6th to 23# 6th; la. 25c. g. 50c.
MRS. WYZAN, gifted clairvoyant, test medi-
' um: ladles 10c, gents 25c. 1008 Harrison.nr.Cth.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader In city.
26V4 , Kearny. room 20; ladles. 25c; gents. SOc.
MISS WARD, removed to 917 Market, rs. 11-12;
grves names, dates, facts.. Houra 11 to 0 p.m.
Mrs.' VIena, trance medium and card' reader; 3
queatlons ans.^.free. 400 Geary St., room 1.
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader: slt-
tlngs dally. 448% Jessie St.. bet. 6th and 6th.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
BAD '' tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
/ city or , country. . PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO. . 415 - Montgomery.- rooma 0-10;: tel. 65.16.
CXTBES BUPTUBE. -.' '• .'. '
WHO DOES IT? ' HUNTER, 1206 i Market" «U
fiend for circular. 'Why will you suffer t ¦.:',
|
TV. H. BITTNER. ',
ATTORNEY AND COUNSELOR AT LAW. . j
Advice free. Phone South 74-1.
Suite 322. Emma Spreckels V-uildlnJr.
* Divorces quietly and legally obtained for
right causes; damages secured for Injuries to
person or estate; replevins for property un-
lawfully detained; attachments and garnish-
ments for debts: bo:ids furnished: bankruptcy,
proceedings; wills probated: estates seUled;.
collections made In all parts of the U. S.
A PRIVATE, quick divorce for a small fee.
Ece me and save money; no pay In advance.
G. W. HOWE ATTORNEY-AT-LAW. *
Established 22 yrs.: rms. 1. 2. 3. 4 & 5. 1st fl.
3122 Market <»i.. bet wren. Mason and. Taylor.
Advice free, all matters. Detectives employed •
R. \V. KING. Atiorney-at-Law, Kxam. birig..
fith tlocr. tntrance iccm Cll; established JO
years; all cases; general court and office
practice: no fee in advance or for consulta-
tion; even1;ipa by appointment. Tel. Red .'itiOl.
GEO. W. AVERILL; ndvlce given in all cases;
divorce, probate, bankruptcy and attachment
Milts a specialty: practice in both State and
Federal courts. Room 4t!5, 4th floor, Parrott
bids.. £S5 Market St.; phone Howard. 2551.
— — . ' i
ADVICE free — I will advance cost in meritori-
ous cases, divorces, probate and all other law
cases; no fee? In advance; open every even-
ing. J. M. THURSTON. Sl'> Market B t.. r. -U.
ADVICE FREE.
Columbian Law and Collection Agency. '
Rocrn K5. 910 Market St.: tel. John C228-
DIVORCE costs $12; open evenings- tenants j
ejected. $5. 310 Market. r.C2;phnne lilack BS1.
DIVORCE— Co*ts. $12; quick, oulet^ advice
free; op« n evening. 327 Market St., r. SOI.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful; all
law buFineys. W. W. Davidson. 927 Market.
L. P. CLARK. 327 Market tt. ; consultation
free: n', fers In advance: open cvenitiKS.
m;si\Kss -chances.
R. G. WILKE, real estate and business agen-
cy; established l. r > years; quick eales. Rooms
9 and 3m. 2*H£ Kearny.
A — $1CV>— rtareFt chance in the market: cof-
fee saloon and restaurant; choicest location;
daily rr-ceii'ts about SCO; net profits above
;-"00 pfr month; a fine business; Investigate
F'x.n; trial given. R. G. WILKE, 20^
Kearny st.
A — J1200 — DE&tCATSSSEN and dairy produce
?tore: cio*e to Market and Stockton ets. ;
large stock: clears *t UaFt J2T>0 per month;
full valu^ In sisht: n splendid offer. Cail
It. G. WII-Kr:. 2<>u. K»arny st.
A— $70C— SALOON on Commercial st.; rent
$50. See 11. G. WILK1E. 20% Kearny st.
A— S.y><>— SALOON and boarding-house on
main St.: 12 furniyhrd rooms; established
years. See R. O. WILKE. 20i^ Kearny Et.
A— BOADHOUSE with 15 newly furnished
rooms; hathruem, barn, 1 cart, 1 electric
ptura; K» years' lease; rent fVi; price f.'iOOO;
ImFiness very good; that is all. For particu-
lan> Beg n. G. WILKE. SSVj Kearny st.
A— J150O — BUTCHER shop in Western Addi-
tion; rent $40; weekly sa^ about 4 steers.
25 sheep; 1 horse. 1 wajron; daily receipts
about $40. See R. G. TvlLKE. 20Vi Kearny.
A— $1750— CORNER grocery and bar on
Guerrero ft.; lease; a koo«1 paying business;
fresh stock; nil cash trad?. Particulars R.
G. WILKE. 2«^i Kearny Bt.
A— J140O— <.OItNER grocery and ~bar on De-
vlsadero St.; owner has a fine paying busi-
ness, but family affairs compels him to
l»avc for East. See R. G. WILKE, 26V4
Keai-ny et.
A— ?500 — CIGAR, candy and notion store on
McAllister ft.; rent S25; a nice paying busi-
ness 'or man and wife. Call and I will show
you the place. R. G. WILKE, 2C^ Kearny.
A — $600 — DRY goods and notion store with 4
flne furnished rooms cn Mission et. ; splendid
chance for man and wife. Call R. G
WILKE, 26^ Kearny.
FOR country hotels, saloons, cigar, notion
etoree. butcher shops or any kind of business.
see R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
FOR tale — Beautiful and picturesque health
and summer resort. 2 hours' ride from 3.
F., 20 minutes' ride from depot; has 20
acres land, set with all kinds fruits, flow-
ers; beautiful groves; 22-room hotel, with
cottage cf 4 rooms, all furnished; necessary
outbuildings, dance pavilion, bar, bath-
hcuses. lake for rowing; raises own veg-
etables, poultry and hay; 2 horses, buggies,
bus, Jersey cow and' cair. chickens, bar flx-
turee. billiard table, new upright piano; 3,
years' lease at $500 per year, can get longer;
flne mineral springs; will cure many dis-
eases; money in everything on place; round
trip Sundays $1 50 from S. F. ; death cause
of eale; price $2250. CAMERON. :; Eddy st.
FOR sale or trade — Quartz mine; fine prospect:
located in Cal.; assays $40 to STO ten: trade
for r'm'g house cr business. Cameron, 3 Eddy.
FOR sale — Best little restaurant in city; rent
$45; central; receipts $35 to 540 day; must
leave town; price $1200; also sevoral others at
prices from $350 to $2000; all first-class prop-
ositions and will bear investigation. CAM-
ERON. 3 Eddy pt.
FOR sale — One of the very best and most pros-
perous contracting businesses In San Fran-
cisco: established 27 years; has for custom-
ers the very largest estates, business houses
and a long list of others; present owners
want to retire, but will stay with the new
firm 3 months or more until duties are
learned. and customers acquainted; can prove
that over 1-2000 clear profit has been made in
the last six months; a good chance for two
enterprising men to make a fortune; will
be sold for less than what It will pay In
one year. Address box 3093. Call office.
A— 3 PER CENT MONTHLY^
On Investments of $100 atid upward: no "iret-
rich-qulck" swindle,, turf speculation or gam-
bling scheme, but a reputable, established
business enterprise In Kan Francisco; clear:d
$G7,000 last >ear on .* 100, 000 capital; stock
increased $20,000 to enlarge the plant: call
or write tor particulars.
GEKMANIA INVB8T. CO., 027 Market St..
— — — — — —^— — — ¦
A — $2200 — CORNKR grocery; situated in be?t
pomon of Oakland; value in stock, all sal-
able and fijst class; strictly cash business;
best claw oNtrade; rent $27; 4 living rooms
und bath; long lease; thorough investigation
invited; o^vner has other business needing
personal attention; Al horse and wagon. AL-
DEN & CP-. 1118 Broadway. Oakland.
A— $150; PARTNER for well-established office
business; no experiencj required; will net $7.'»
njo. to each. Eureka Realty Co., 719 Market.
A — $200; CIGAR stand: full stock; 2 card ma-
chines; complete fixtures; flne location; Kood
trade; rent $20. Eureka Realty Co., 719 Mrkt.
A — $1200: hotel, bar and restaurant; main .st.
In booming country town near city; 120 steady
boarders. Call Eureka Realty Co., 719 Mrl:t.
LIVERY end boarding stable In a first-class
location, doing a good business, with steady
customers year round; two first-class hack?,
ore almost new, rubber-tired, 'in splendid
condition: 24 young horses; vehicles of ail
kinds; rent $45 month; price JC250 S1A-
niON GRIFFIN, room 400 Examiner bldg.
CALL and eee the list of. lodging-houses from
6 to 200 rocms; cheap rtnts; hotels, road-
houses, saloons, restaurants, groceries, livery I
stables bought and sold and exchanged-
money leaned on chattels; millinery store to '
exchange. EITEL & CARROLL, 212 Kearny.
WANTED— Men everywhere who shave to
send for trial packages Razorless Shaving
Powder; harmless; good for 2 shaves; no
razor required: 15 cents prepaid. Address
suite B, Hudson Prwes3 Co.. 2503 Market
St.. San Francisco. Cal.
FOR rent — 3-rocm for. flat; central; could get
2 more room» adjoining; reasonable. CASI-
ERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st. r . <
HAVE just what you want in the line of busi-
ness chances; see roe for bargains. ANDER-
SON, Auctioneer, ropm 2G, SOC Market st. ;
phone Main 1S52; correspondence solicited. ,
PARTNER wanted— A young graduate dentist
from thc.East wishes a dentist with small
capital to open up offices; cood chance. Box
3232, Call office.
A PARTNER wanted in a 50.000-acre stock
end sheep ranch to Invest $5000 to % 10 000
Apply to P. C. LASSEN- & CO,. 466 Tenth
ft.. Oakland. Cal.
FOR tale — $JCO; In good location; a good pay-
ing restaurant: American and Italian plan;
flrst-class opportunity. Inquire 17 Wash-
ington et.
A — WORKINGMAN'S boarding-house; good lo-
cation: low rent; steady bcarders; no agents
Box 2M33, Call office. - '
$200— ESTA BLISHED office business; must be
sold; owner leaving city. INGRAM, 759
Market «t. •
$1400- FIRST-CLASS corner saloon; wholesale
district: large stock; 3 years' lease.- 8
Mason *t. . • *
$450— FI RST-CLASS saloon; central . location ;
cheap; account health. Address box 892, Call
office, Oakland. "
WANTED— An opening in California for regu-
lar fhyslclan: best references. Box ."042, Call.
BRANCH BAKERY— Doing good business;
particulars at SOO Dolores st..-.cor. 22d.
HOME bakery, candy, notions: nice furnished
! rooms;, make ofter; good trade. 8 Mason st.
SHOE store. 12 j-ears' standing, for sale, cheap;
good. repairing trade. Box 3217. Call office.
FOR tale — Complete . dyeing and cleaning
works; good location. Box 2b W, Call olflce.
FLATS TO *'KT— F£R>aSIIEn !
BUSH. 2CS4 — Elegantly furn. 7-rm. Rat: bath,
piano. Call any cvpnini bet. 7 an«! ¦¦<: $U>.
VAN NESS. X07— 7-room flat, niorly furnish-
ed, to rent; reasonable; no children. _
$10 — NEAV sunny upper "at; 0 rooms; e!9-
yantly fuml.«hed. l-'ua Waller at.. \u to t.
FLATS FOB SAI.K KCBMSHKD.
SCNNY 8-room modern flat at a sacrifice; !•
to 4. 2307 Van Ness ave.
TACIAJ. KAS3AOS.
A— WRINKLES removed: flne complexion ruar-
anteed; new metho.1; COc. II. LL'TOX. mani-
curinc parlors. 781 Larkln st. ; phone Polk t7.
FEATHER RE.\OVATI.\'G.
BT new. hralthful process, t'al. Stea:n Ffailicr
Co., 325 Van Ness ave.; tcl. Howard SltiT.
KINAXC1AI>. ~*
COMPANIES incorporated, financed and atoek
floated. W. H. B1TTNEIR. Lawyer and Fi-
nancial Asent. 3-*J Emma Spree kels bids.
BUY SCOAL GOLP NOW. ,
UnMTlHE WANTED.
A — Highest price paid for fur.. carpet*. etc. Mrs.
T. B. Selby. Equitable Fur. Co.. 813 Larkln.
HIGHEST prices for furniture and mdae. L. H.
BURD, auctioneer.lSlSMkt.; tel. Howard 2736.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission. phon» Red 44KI.
buys, rents, repairs', packs furniture, carpets.
~~ HELP W ASTKD-FEMAIiK.
COOK, small sanitarium $J0 0O
Cook. American family $K> W
3 German style cookiaK $.*» 00
2 parlormaids $30 00
2 maids' and steams treats ..$23<M)
:: nurse girls -• $15. KO. $¦_'.".
Mother and daughter as cook, nurse. $-">. $!.*>
M family hotel waitresses $^5. fci M
Laundress, country *"l> '^
4 second slrls *LT>. $1'5
44 general housework girls, city and
country : ?20. $25, $V,0
Apply to J. F. CROSETT &. CO.. :U!t Sutter.
A f:iRL to take care of a youns child, $1*>:
2 waitresses for hotels. $25 each. MIS3
PLLXKETT. 4U5 Sutter St.. near Powell.
A FIRST-CLASS laundress for 2 in family,
$30; a flrst-class waitress. $3O; an Infant's
nurse. «25. MISS • PLUNKETT, 423 Sutler
St., near Powell.
A LAUNDRESS. $.10: women with* a child.
$15; housekeeper, $30. MRS. NORTON. 313
Sutter it.
SEAMSTRESS for institution on children's
garments; good home; steady: cook (woman)
for Institution, $4O a month and washing.
Cal. Emp. Agency. 14 3d st. near Call bldff.
A— WANTED— Girls to learn halrdresstnj.
manicuring, etc.: trade taught from A to Z
In '2 weeks: $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to fill immediately; positions' guaran-
teed at $10 Der week up; leadine school la
"West. 233 Geary st.. room 13.
A — Girls to learn millinery now for sprtn? sea-
ton; both treasons taught from start to finish
In 1 month for $10; positions as trimmers,
fales'adles. etc.. guaranteed at $10 per wlc up;
day and evening clats. 14:; Stockton st., r. 1J.
A — LADIES to learn all branches halrdrcsslns;
trade; manicurln?. massage, etc. 1238 Mar-
ket st.. cor. Jones, room 94; positions secured
at highest wages; day and eve. ela.s; call.
A TOUNG lady srraduate of domestic science
to teach cooking two daya every week; stato
school, and salary expected. Phone Bu3h
MS. mornlnss S to 11. or address School for
• Domestics, box 3222, Call office.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS; NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY:
PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS * CO.'3
FACTORIES. S2^ FREMONT ST. AND 1S7J
MISSION. NEAR FIFTEENTH.
A YOUNG slrl for housework. Apply 414
Kolscm St.. near Firat.
YOUNG small girl to take care of baby. 1120^
Vermont «t.
INDUSTRIOUS business women capable of
handling mercantile proposition can secure
employment with the Royal Mercantile Co. ;
rented work; good compensation. Suits 19.
Columbian bulMlng. 016 Market st.
WANTED — Apprentices to learn the hair dress-
ing and manicure business; will pay while
learning. Apply bet. 9 and 11 a. m. al
HALE BROS.'
WANTED — In San Rafaet. rtrons. Intelligent
girl, about 28 years, general housework;
wages *J0 month. Address, with references,
H. B.. 80S Fourth St.. San Rafael. Cal.
A GIRL, housework; family of 3; $20 month.
420O California Bt.. cor. Fourth ave. Eddy
¦t. car direct.
OPERATORS and tuckers on ladles' waists;
good pay: permanent positions. JL'DA.
BROS.. 32O Market St.
GIRL for general housework In a small fani-
ilv; German preferred. 549 Fourth st.
AN experienced waitress wanted at the Hotel
Mtramar. 703 Geary st.
A WOMAN accustomed to teaching for lucra-
tlve poaitlcn. Box 3006. jjall. -_ .
GIRL for general housewcfrlt: $15 a monta.
120 Eleventh st.. too floor, left.
FIRST-CLASS stenographers furnished. Mlas
M. G. Barrett, instructor, 302 Montgomery.
A BRANCH office, for Call advertisements and
subscriptions, baa been established at 1094
Valencia st.
A BRANCH office of The Call for th* recap^
tlon of advertisements and subscriptions has
teen ccened at IOCS Market at. opposite
• Fifth. Open until 11 p. m..
HELP WASTED MAXjH
MURRAY & READY. 631-633 Clay aC
Phone Main 6S43.
SS4S Main phone.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
1903 we gave 1904 w« hop* ta
60.000 men work. Increase 60.000.
Arizona, close to Prescott.
German or Scandinavian cook, wife, $50.
Carrlaa-e trimmer. Old Mexico, free fare.
59 — Don't forget — $9.
Arizona. To-day. PrsscotU
Steady Jobs for two years; big wages. ;
Italians.
40 Italians to chop wood; tools found.
& cooks. $3i>. $40. $50. $C0 found.
MURRAY & READY, 634-638 Clay st.
IN MENDOCINO COUNTY.
IS German or Scandinavian woodchopperm.
No. 1 big Job. $1 to $1 SO cord.
3 pruners. boss here to-day, $30 and found.
MURRAY &. READY. 634-636 Clay st.
5 BAKERS, different Jobs, $18 t-> $20 week;
¦nurse, country, institution; 3 bellobys, $25,
$20 found: elevator boy; 3 butchers, country
job, $30, $35 found; sticker or matcher hand,
city. $4 day: 3 spool tenders, lumber com-
pany. ?45 found.
MURRAY & READY. G34-636 Clay st.
CLOTHING and furnishing goods salesman.
$73; carpet and wall paper salesman, $S0;
cobbler. $1.1 woek: butler. $50, and others.
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 62S Sacramento M.
WANTED — A flrst-class butler for American
family. $50: references. J. F. CROSETT &
CO.. 334 Suttcr st. '
ANDRE'S Office. 317 Stockton St.— Eutlcr. $50;
ehoreman. private place. $23: assistant waiter,
$23; elderly man for loJglns-house; gardener,
$25; waiter. $C0. etc.
A FIRST-CLASS butler • for cltyr wages $5(X
MISS PLUNKETT, 423 Sutter St.. nr. Powell.
A^ Z U
Men to learn the barber trade In two months
and secure good positions; catalogue and full
Information mailed free. MOLER System
College. Ct5 Clay st.
WANTHD— Young man typewriter, stenogra-
pher and assistant bookkeeper; must be quick
and rot require instructions in either capaci-
ty; good wages and permanent position to
right- party; references. Box 3037. Call office.
ONE of the neatest four hydraulic chair sholw
In Oakland; up to date and doins a ?ro^d
business: price $12CO. or exchange for shoo
in nearby town. Call BECKLE & PRESHER
367 Twelfth st.. Oakland.
WANTED— Experieaoed domestic salesman
Apply betwetn U and 11 a. m. at HALK
BROS."
WANTED— B.>y from 14 to 18 years of age to
learn th? dry goods business.' Vnnlv be-
tween U and 11 a. m. at IIALB BROS.'
TRY our men's shoes, union made at sf~an«
< $1 50 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 5v- w a ™»
express or mall charges. 11 3d St.. Exam, bid.
WANTED— Flr*t-ela<3 barber for Saturday
and Sunday; first -class wagca. 22 IS Fill more.
BARBER wanted for Saturday even'nc ani
¦ Sunoay morning. 1C<H> Mission *%, ¦*>?. £ h.
GOOD barber for Saturday nisht~»nd~silnday"
morning; 1415 Valencia si. . • y
B en\h E ,?. W Oa T 'k!a > r.,r tead " y ~^ rk ' at " g -j^eT-
By. bringing- yemr Want Ads to Tike Call
I -i; for ig*seg»tiog& iai tlhe Heart Sunday Issue
[ To All Waiit ; - Advertisers
: - ' INIT-IvAL SEALS.
• ,rpHESE Seals are certainly /very pretty and useful pre-
l -*- miums and you will not regret securing one. They may
I -be obtained by presenting your .Want Ads to The Call Busi-
\ ness Office, 1008 Market Street or 1118 Broadway, Oakland.
j This offer is open to all Want Advertisers in Next Sun-
| day's Call. Ads for that issue will be received THURSDAY,
i FRIDAY and SATURDAY. : : : : : : v : :THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 9, 1904.
13
PALMISTIVY.
MME. DEV'AS, scientific palmist and astrolo-
glst: palm readings $1; 3 questions by ex-
press, $1; open Tuesday eve. also. 139 Post st.
MME. MARSEAU. card reader; ladies, 25c;
gents, W)c. 545 Minna st.
MME. NEERGARD, located at 242 Post: hours
1 to & daily. Phone James 1. Classes.
II. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 913
Taylor si., near Geary. Phone Ptack SB1.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DON'NELL— Office and residence.
1021% Market St.. bet. Oth and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
DR. M. MATSUDA has returned from Orient.
Now at SB. corner Geary and Taylor sts.
BLOOD skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073 ft Market *t.
REMOVED — DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at 607 Geary st., near Leavenworth.
DR. TONG PO CHY, successor to Dr. Li Po
Tai. herb doctor, cures ail diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
WONO WOO. the famous herb doctor— AH dls-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-3 Clay st.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
NOTICE — The secretary of. the San Francisco
Protestant Orphan Asylum Society herewith
gives notice that the following orphan and
half-orphan girls and boys have been ad-
mitted to the asylum on Halght st. from
July 1, 1903, to January 1, 19o4: Josephine
V. Johnson, 7 yrs. 10 mos.: Neta G. Johnson,
o yrs. U mos.; Florence Willlston. 5 yrs. a
mos. ; Ruth G. Estee. 10 yrs.; Ora M. White.
9 yrs. 7 mos.: Martha Goessel. 3 yrs. 8
mos.; Fannie Ambler. 11 yrs 6 mos.: Laura
Ambler. » yra. 8 mos.; Helen Bett, 7 yrs. 8
mos.; Eva DanJtls, 2 yrs. 4 mos.; Katie L.
Schmidt, 3 yrs.jll mo9.: Eureelee Wlnnlng-
ham, 7 yrs. 4 mos. ; Elizabeth A. Ilelberg. S
yrx. 7 mos.: Cecil C. WUIiston, 7 yrs. 7 mos.:
Edgar J. Mayers. 4 yrs.; Herman Lindner. 4
yrs. '11 mos. ;• James R. I. Davis, tt yrs. 8
mos.; William L. Estee*. 9 yrs. 10 moe. :
Wlllard K. Estee. 4 yrs. 3 mos. ; Gustav
Dieffenbacker, 7 yrs.; Norman L. Abbate. 7
yrs. 8 mos.
THE Pacific Hebrew Orphan Asylum and Home
Society hereby gives notice that they have
admitted into the orphanage from July 1.
1003. to January 1. Him. the following-
named orphans and half-orphans, boys and
KlrN. viz. : Rebecca Kablnowitz. aged 3
yrs. 4 mos. ; Tony Rablnowltz. aged 5 yrs. 9
mo?.; Llllle Goldberg, aged H yrs. 4 mos.;
Rosle Goldberg, aged 6 yrs: Israel Forma n.
aged 4 yrs. 6 mos.; Rebecca Fabian, aged 9
yrs. 2 mos.: Philip Fabian, aged 7 yrs. 11
moB. ; Fanny aged B yra. 3 mos.:
Julius Cohen. 'aged 4 yrs. S mos.; Pauline
Ghlnsburg, 11 yrs. 3 mos.
NOTICE is Ijereby given that the Maria Kip
1 Orphanage of 520 Lake at.. San Francisco,
has received the following orphan and half-
orphan girls from July 1. 1903, to January
1. 1904: Violet K. Lundberg, 6 years; Ma-
bel Campbell, 12 years; Margaret Campbell,
ft years; Amy K. Rice. 8 yearn: Bessie E.
Cook. 12 years; Elizabeth Kerr. 4 years;
Annie Herrold. 12 years; Elizabeth Herrold.
10 years: Ida Herrold. 9 years; Alice Her-
rold N years; Hilda Herrold, 4 years; Ida
Rule. 9 years; Mabel E. Rule. 7 years: Dor-
othy R. Au Buehon. 12 years; Ruth Louise
Au Buehon. 8 years; Thelma Haven. 4 yeara.
THE following children have been entered it
the San Francisco Nursery for Homeless
\ Children: George James Miller, age 1 year;
Anita Mulligan, age 5% years; Joseph Mulli-
gan, age Z\i yeara. and Veronica Mulltgia,
age 2 years, all half orphans.
_^Sjr^tAJ^^A^fp_^V^AjriEJHOJlJSES.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furnitureT
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard st.. nr. Third: Dhone Grant ltil.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co.. of-
flce Post and Powell ats.; tel. Prive. Ex. S71.
CONKLIN'S storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave. ; phone East 12tf.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made; 840
Mission et.; tel. Howard 04L F. W. Zehfusa.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore St.; phone Jackson 291.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
St.; tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates.
STUTTERING AND STAMMERING.
MELBOURNE School Van Ness-Market— Core
In every case; individual teaching; no medl-
cine. Inquire Into wonderful curea: home cure.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.'
DIVIDEND NOTICE— The Nevada National
Bank of San Francisco: At a regular meet-
Ing of the board of directors of this bank,
held January 5, 1904, a dividend was de-
clared for the half year . ending December
31, 1903. at the rate of seven (7) per cent
per annum, payable on and after the 15th
Inst.; transfer books will be closed from the
10th to the 15th in»t.. both days inclusive.
GEORGE GRANT, Secretary.
• San Francisco, January 5, 1904.
DIVIDEND I NOTICE— CALIFORNIA SAFE
DEPOSIT AND TRUST COMPANY, corner
California and Montgomery sts.. For the
six months ending December 31, 1903, divi-
dends have been declared on deposit* la ths
savings department of this company, as fol-
lows: On term deposits at the rat* of
8 6-10 per cent per annum, and on ordinary
deposits at the rate of 3 per cent per an-
urn. free of taxrs, and payable on and after
Saturday. January 2. 1904. Dividends* . un-
called for are added to the principal after
January 1. 1904. J. DALZKLL. BROWN.
Manager.
SAN FRANCISCO^ and Suburban Home Build-
ing Society. 6th floor. Mutual Savings Bank
building, 703 Market St., opposite Third—
.For the half-year ending 31st of December.
1903.- a dividend has been declared at the
¦ rate per annum of (12) twelve per cent on
capital stock and participating certificates,
free of taxes, payable on and after SATUR-
DAY, January* 2, 1904. JOSEPH A. LEON-
ARD. Manager. HUGH CRAIG, Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice — The Giant Powder Com-
pany, Con.: A dividend. No. 61. of .fifty
cents (50c) per share on the Issued capital
stock of the company has been declared, pay-
able at the office of the company, rooms 202,
204 and 208 Ilayward building. San Fran-
cisco, on January 11. 1904; transfer books
close Jan. 4. at qtfan. C. C. QUINN. Sec.
MARRIAGE L.ICEXSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
Roy J. Robinson. 32. 1022 Jackson street,
and Laura Payne. 29. 102* Jackson street.
Bernardo Plstonl, 24. Sonora, and Blanche
Eden. 23. 24 Fifth street.
Clement C. Peinl. 28. S4S Filbert street, and
Josephine E. von Wyl, 24. 10O Sadowa street.
Joao F. da Sllva. ">•"!. C5 Jackson street, and
Maria M. Brazil. 21. Napa Junction.
William A. Jenkins. 35. 101 Vj Grant avenue,
and Marie A. Schneter. 32. 7tt Clara street.
Robert B. Mosby. CO. TyJ'i Market street,
and Maria Oederbnlm. 44. 282 Natoma street.
BIRTHS— HARRIA6ES— DEATHS:
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They muat be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sona authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once In this column
free of charge. _____
BAALMANN— In Oakland. ' December 17. 1903.
•to the : wife, of John. Baalmann. a. son.
JACOBS^In thfs city, to the wife of Sam
Jacobs (nee Dreyfus), a son.
JONAS— In this city, January 6, 1904, to the'-
wife of Isidore Jonas, a. daughter.
MARRIED.
HUTAFF— MOLLER— In thla city. January 0.
19O4. by the Rev. Hermann Gehrcke. Gustav
A. Hutaff of Dunsmulr, ; Cal., and Bertha
Moller of San Francisco.
Beard. Rev. Jas. N. Lowe Jesse M.
- Blgelow, Samuel C. McAutlffe James F.
.Brandt (infant) McSweeney Timothy
Burris. David May Mrs. Mary M.
Brennan. Cella Mlliken. Ellen .
Clifton. Margaret Monnln. Euphroysne
Crawford. John Morgan George A.
Donovan, Wm, J. Moriarty. Mrs. E. A.
Dunstan, Adeline Nyhan Daniel
Foley. Timothy Ohm. Ellsa :
Fowler. Matilda B. Perqny .-Arthur
Gallagher. Elizabeth Rainey. Samuel
Gallegos. Emily L. Ryan. Ann
Glass. Frederick Ryan Mrs. Margaret
Glover. James E. Schade. Rudolph C.
c, Glynn. Kate Schumacher. Geradus
Hughes. Franel!" V. Smith. Peter H.
.Hurley. Daniel J. Tomney. Michael
Katz. Louisa Upton. Mary A.
. Koster Freddie "Wellendorf Gustave
Lehrke. William C. Whalen. Catherine
BEARD — In St. Louis, Rev. Jame<* N. Beard.
D.D., beloved husband - of - Cynthia Beard,
father of May and Edith Beard, and brother
of Burke. Beard of Indiana, a native of In-
diana, aged 53 years 7 months and 4 days.
- |[7Notice of funeral hereafter. .
BIGELOW— In this city, , January 7. 1904.
Samuel Cutler Bieelow, a native of Cam-
. bridge. .Mass.. aged 8O years.
C7Funeral services at ' First Unitarian
• Church, Geary and Franklin streets, Satur-
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
GEARY. 1002 — Nicely furnished sunny rooms,
en suite or single; housekeeping privileges;
running. water; gaa; reasonable.
HAIGHT, 218 — 2 splendid' rooms, $20; also very
sunny front room, with kitchen; $17 50,
HYDE,' -414 — Two completely furnished sunny
rear basement hkpg. rooms; bath, etc.; $14.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments, 1340 Pine st.,
near Hyde — Sunny 3-room furnished suites;
steam beat: electric lighted; free baths;
rates $30 up.
MCALLISTER, 5.1S— Large room, complete
housekeeping; hot bath, laundry; adults; $10.
MODEL House, 1206 Stockton— Newly furnished
hskpg., single rms., $5-$12; gas, bath, phone.
POLK. 1020. near Geary — Neatly furnished
front housekeeping rooms; reasonable.
SHOTWELL. 625 — Two sunny furnished rooms
for light housekeeping; bath.
SUITER, 2C2O— Furnished bedroom, dining-
room, kitchen; yard; bath; use parlor.
TAYLOR, 011—2 furnished rooms; gas range,
coal stove, grate, sink; $10.
TURK, 507—3 or more front rooms. Including
kitchen: .'{ beds: -private.
% APAETMEHT HOUSES.
EL CARMELO — Beautiful apartment house;
¦ just completed.. -1719 Washington St., near
Van Ness ave. ;' 3, 4, 5 and 6 rooms and bath
twith each; finished in natural woods; tiled
bath rooms, etc.; genteel residence location;
convenient . to car lines;" rooms large and
sunny; must be'eeen to be appreciated.
MONTCLAIR APARTMENTS.
Corner Pine and Taylor sts.: .beautiful new
nfodern apartments; all sunny corner suites;
furnished or unfurnished; none superior; ma-
rine view. LYON & HOAG, 116 Montgomery.
THE GABLES. ~
Cot, Clay and Larkin sts. — Modern 3-4-5-room
up-to-date apartments; furnished or unfur-
nished; all latest conveniences; reservations
can be made on premises, l'to 4;'terms reas.
ST. CECILE. 115 Fell, above Van Ness — The
acme of perfection in elegantly furn. 3-room
apartment! 1 ; private baths, steam heat. elec.
lights, elevator, gaa ranges; $30 to $55.
ST. LOUIS, 1575 Jackson St.— Modern 3-4-5
rooms, also single; furnished or unfurnished;
marine view; now open; references.
¦AUGUSTINE. 945 Post— 3 and 4 rooms: fur-
- nlshed new; and up to date. :¦ :
H ADDON HALL.
051. EDDY ST. . REFERENCES. -
APARTMENTS WANTED.
WANTED — An apartment of 4 rooms furnished
¦ complete: state price and location.- Box 251,
Call office.
ROOMS TO LKT— Furn. and I'nfnrn. ,
AURORA, corner Second and Folsom sts. — New
house, new furniture; every -room outside;
modern and sunny; prices from $1 50 per
week up; this is the only up-to-date house in
this vicinity: nrst-class grill attached.
A —BRUNSWICK • House. 148 Sixth st. — Rooms
25c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
ABERDEEN. 836 Sutter— Just opened; hand-
somely fur.; cor. suites; bath; sun ajl day;
fine view; single rms.; tourists; excl. location.
AT "The Almonte," 873 Market st. (or No. I
Fifth st.) — Rooms. 25c. 50c. $1. $1 50 night;
$1 50 to $10 week; house open all night.
AT the Plerpont, 430 Ellis— Newly furnished
rms. ; elevator; hot & cold water; transient.
BURNETT. 1420 Market (old No. 13G4) — Fur-
nished rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH. S06 — Single rooms, private family, tor
gentlemen with btBt references: no sign.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
ELLIS, 1009 — Large furnished room to let;
$S; gas.
ELLIS, 1900, near Scott — Nice large furnished
room; gas; bath; phone; $8.
FOLSOM, 1220— Newly furnished house: good
beds; sunny rooms: terms reasonable.
FRANKLIN, 712, nr. G. G. ave.— Sunny, furn.
front rooms; suitable for 2; all conveniences.
GOLDEN GATE. 1223, near Flllmore— Nice
aunny furnished room in private family.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission— Rooms 50c
to $1 50 night; $1 to $3 week; reading-room.
LARCHMONT. 361 Sutter— Sunny rooms; elec-
tric lights; elevator: central; transient.
MANIIEIM. CS2 Sutter— Sunny front rooms;
strictly first class; transient.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis— Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor: rooms per night. 35c to $1 50; week. $2
to $8; month. $S to $30: elevator on ground
floor; rooms with bot and cold water; baths.
ST. JAMES, McAllister and Laguna — A sunny
furnlched single room: rent $7.
SEVENTH, 145 — Front sunny bay-window
room; suitable for two men; reasonable.
TAYLOR, 515B — Sunny room-, suitable 2: run-
ning water; closet; bath $10; no" car fare.
THE FREMONT. IStU MARKET ST.— Strictty
first-class elegantly, furn. rooming hotel.
Tel. Sout,h 1133. Capt. H. O. Ulberg. Prop.
TURK. 721 >a — Newly furnished sunny rooms;
single or en suite.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market— 400
rooms. 35c to $1 night. $1 75 to $0 week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water In every
room; elevatcr. read. -room; free bus; baggage.
VAN NESS, 619 — Handsome sunny furnished
suites' and single rooms; all conveniences.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. near Market—
Most convenient and respectable: 700 rooms:
35c to $1 50 night; $2 to $S week; elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
WOLF House, 202 Sixth— Electric ltsht In
every room; ronm from 15c to $1 per night.
75c to $5 per week: open all night.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 10GS Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m. ¦ '
ROOMS AND BOARD.
A^ ~^"h7St12L^^"l?IMORi£
VAN N'ESS AVE.. NEAR GEARY ST.
AMERICAN PLAN.
PHONE PRIVATE EXCHANGE 706.
SELECT FIRST-CLASS FAMILY HOTEL.
HOT AND COLD OCEAN WATER.
SPECIAL RATES BY THE MONTH.
MUNGER £• ZEBERG. PROPRIETORS.
-- HOTEL HATTON —
j; 977 , Pine, nr. Taylor; elegantly furnished
suites; private bathe; all modern conven-
iences; excellent table.
ELEGANT front, sunny alcove room; running
water, gas, bath; suitable for 2/ with board;
private family; also another room. 1224 Gold-
en Gate ave.: phone Stelner 3C26.
CALIFORNIA. 1248-^Most select location In
modern; elegantly furnished private home;
table unsurpassed: marine view.
HOTEL MARTINET, Geary st. and Van Ness
ave.. has changed hands; hereafter conducted
flm-class family hotel; table board specialty.
ELLIS. 740 — Elegantly furnished sunny rooms;
excellent table; comfortable home;
HOTEL ELSMERE, 41S Sutter— Sunny rooms;
excellent table: from $40; single $25.
HOTEL WALLACE, Van Ness and O'Farrell —
Rooms with board $25 per month.
NEWPORT, 101S Pino, near Taylor— Large sun-
ny mites; also single room; excellent table.
YALF.NCIA. l»36 — Sunny room for 2; new fur-
niture; first-class boarding-bouse. •
THE NIRA. 615 Taylor— Nicely furnished, sun-
ny suites; also single; excellent table. ¦
Stevfnson mansion. 807 California— Fine rooms;
new chefs; colored service; table specialty.
O'FARRELL, 30S — Furnished, rooms; home
cooking: German family; $6 per week.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
"WANTED— Board and 2 rooms , for 2 '. adults
and 10- year-old .child; price not' to exceed
$S0 per month. Box 3090, Call office.
SEWING MACHINES AND
NEW HOME — See our new triple-feed ma-
chines; slightly used; $10. $15, $20; second-
hand, $.'{,$"¦. (S; all styles; guaranteed. New
Home Sewing' Machine Co.. 1051 Market st.
TyrEwniTEns^ASD^cppuEi
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington, No. 1
Smith Premier, $25; other typewriters at
¦ : higher and lower prices; rentals $2 50.-- The
Typewriter < Exchange. 536 , California st.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; get par-
ticulars of L. & M. 'ALEXANDER. 110 Mont,
"gomery st.
A typewriter at any price;- agents Fay-Sholes,
$100: Sun, $40: Commercial. $35: Postal. $23.
CUNNINGHAM. CURTISS A WELCH.
2D-HAND typewriters sold,- rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriting Inspec. Co., 608 Market.
MISCEJ^tAXEOCS^^POR SALE — Con.
ALTERATION tale — Best $2 60 ..ats. $1 50.
Popular Price Hatter, 330 Kearny st., near
Pine; open to 9 p. m. ; Sundays to noon.
TKY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 CO pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d Ft., Exam, bid.; catalog free.
SAFES and cash register*, new and pecond-
hand. 1. FREEMAN. 1329 Market st.
FOR ?ale — Gentle young fresh family cow.
41OC- Sixteenth st., on* Ashburv.
SAILING ark for fishing and hunting. 32S
Bush *t.. third floor, room 4.
SOME good second-hand gasoline engines, 1 to
12 H. P. cheap. E. B. Beck & Co.. 122 Mkt.
FINE steam automobile: first-class running or-
der. W. V.. C20 Lyon St.. San Francisco.
SLOT machines cheap; Chlcaffoes, Twentieth
Centuries. Pucks. BACIGALUPI. 033 Market.
DESKS and safes; see the complete line at 1816
Market, ab. Van Ness. RICHARDSON BROS.
SAFES — New ana second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery St.
NKW and second-hand machinery of all kinds.
KROGII MFG. CO.. 510 Market at.
MOVING pictures, magic lantern*, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard & Breck. 131 Pott at.
MILES of pipe and fittings: all sizes. EU-
GENE RILKY & SONS. 109 Vallejo st.
SAFES — New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market st^
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. Baclgalupl. 933 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 40 Fremont Bt.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters: all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montgy.
MISCKLLAXEOUS WARTS.
BOOKS and libraries bought. H. cThOLMES.
1149 Market et.; phone Jessie 3741, or postal.
I PAY highest prices for all kinds of cast-off
clcthing; tenJ postal. MORRIS. 670 Folsom.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st.< tel Jessie 2831.
MOM3Y TO LOA.V
A AA^ll ERM AN~MURPlf Y?~ ~
601-G02-C03 Examiner building.
Quick rettlemerits; no disappointment.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second morteaces, undivided inter-
est!', assignments of rents, property in trust,
etc.: leeacies. life estates and undivided In-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
MONEY leaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding- houses, without
security: easy payments; largest business in
46 principal cities. Tolman, 503 Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at 2
pr cent interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
M<3 Market: lei. Main 1044. Branch. 19 Third.
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL LOANS on'fur-
nlture. ptama. or to salaried people on their
note: proper treatment guaranteed. ILLINOIS
TRUST CO.. r. J6, Phelan bid., tel. Main 704.
A— 1 per cent on furniture or piano: no remov-
al, n? commission, no publicity ; 525 up; quick,
private, conftdf ntial. 28 Montgomery, rm. 7.
MUNICIPAL I.OAN OFFICF.. 103 Grant ave.,
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10,000.
MONEY to lean on low Interest: Kold. silver,
diamond?, pearls and precious stones bought
at W\ J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth 9t.
NEW easy rr.ethcxj — To wage-earners on unln-
<Jorstd nctes; absolute privacy. Fidelity Loan
Company, rooms 4S-49, Chronicle bldg.
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture; Indorsed note* and other security. S. F.
Discount Agency. 143 Phelan building.
AT lowest rates on furniture and pianos; •rtriet
privacy:no comir.ission;installments accepted.
BONELLI. 301 Eddy. Conservatory building.
ANY sum on furniture or Dianos; no removal;
Icwwt rate: easy payments; no commission.
1170 Market gt.. room C8. .
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 53S Kearny.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $13 up: no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN. roam 81. 6 Eddy Bt.
1 PER cent on furniture or piano. 1003 Mur
ttul Savings Bank bldg.. 70S Market ft.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
. salaried employes. R.311. Mutual SaV. Bk.bld.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
indorrer. MORELL. COft Examiner building.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
A FINE lot of bargains in second-hand pianos,
including such makes as Steinway, Halnes
Bros.. Knabe, Baus. Foster, Weber, Star,
Marshall & Wendell. Sterling and other
makes. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Far-
rell st.; no branches in San Francisco.
ALL makes; a list of 20 planes under $100; 50
pianos from $100 to $200 and 200 pianos from
$200 up. We rent pianos good enough for
practice from $1 up. HEINE PIANO CO..
233-237 Ceary st.. largest piano and piano
player dealers of the West.'
DURING the next few days we shall off;r un-
usual ODDortun'.ty for the purchase of good
Instruments at exceedingly low prices; you
can make money by calling on us at one*.
THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC COMPANY,
7<O Market st.
JUST arrived. 3 carloads new pianos, for rent
$.'! mo.; 11 good second-hand pianos to be
sold at cost. Scott-Curtaz. 500 Hayes ft.
A FISCHER upright piano for eale; good as
new; $135. 237 Geary at.
$C3 — UPRIGHT piano; Steck mahogany: nearly
new-. HORN UNO BROS.. 21C McAllister st.
ALMOST new .upright; cheap: cash or install-
ment. ECHMITZ & CO.. 1C McAllister st.
BEAUTIFUL 3-pedal Steinway upright piano;
perfect order; sacrifice. Keeffe*s,285 O'Farrell.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecillan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. .tOS-312 Post St.
SUPERIOR violins zither?, old and new. H~
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place!
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
NICE nr.e office to let; also fine front desk
room. Call at 419 California st.. room 21.
PERSONALS.
GRADUATES cZ New York School of Massage.
Osteopathy, vapor and electric baths; face
vibrating machine for rheumatism; genuine
tubs, bot and cold water; trained nurses as
attendants. Prof, and Mrs. Morris, 406 Geary.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, im-
proves its growth, stops falling, cures dandruff
and itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp; at druggists', hairdressers';
accept' no substitute. Star Remedy Co.. 1333
Polk st.
A — COME and 'et our doctors give you free
examination and advice; you pay for the
medicine only and at the lowest prices. LION
PHARMACY. 1SO0 Mission gt.. cor. 11th.
A NEW idea in jewelry and Central American
curios. Indian curtains, draperies, shawls,
?te. ; the only store In the city that carries
this. FROWISS & SON. 1239 Polk, nr. Sutter
NOT how cheap but how good is the motto of
the manufacturers of the Rapid Rotary
Standard the sewing-machine of to-day. J.
W. EVANS, agent. 1021 Market st.
PHYSICIAN. 15 years' experience, cures per-
manently morphine, cocaine habit. ¦ Call or
addmi Central Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave.,
corner Sutter St.: fee moderate.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles permanently
rrmoved by electrolysis. MRS. L. B. JOHN-
gQN. isa Post st.
MRS. EATON, electric needle specialist, has
mo\-ed to :mk» Sutter. Lincoln blk.. room C09.
MISS EATON to 233 Ceary. room 3S.
SPECIAL OFFER for 1 mo.; ladies' eults made
to order; firet-class work; $10; with material-
furnished $20 up. At M. WILSON. 3S0 Geary.
DRUNKENNESS morphine and all drugs dis-
eases positively cured by Willow Bark Co.,
1639 Polk »t.; consultation free; call or write.
LIQUOR habit cured In 2 days or no charges ;
guaranteed. Acme Liquor Cure Co.. 997 Mar-
ket st.. room 203: phone South 751.
AT less than cost, uncalled for suits, overcoats,
•nd trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor. 721 Market st. . ¦'. "
DANCING Tueeday. Thursday. Saturday, Sun-
day evgs.. Teutonla Hall. Howard. *t.. near
Oth: Prof. Foster; society dancing taught.
ALL bills against 411 Sutter St.. FRED LOVE,
be In by Tuesday morning.
Bon Marcbe Pants Co.; special $3 pants to or-
der. Rooms 14 & 16. 40 Ellis. Tel. Drumm 44.
MASQUERADE coctumes> play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
tric needle. Dr. & Mrs. Traverse. 1170 Market.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pants $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color; $1; at all druggists'.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market St., opposite • Fifth.
Open unt!l»ll.p. m. . . 1
REAL ESTATE-— CITY — FOR ' SALE^
G. H. UMBSEN &. CO. 20 Montgomery St.
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers.
$70,000 — 12 elegant modern flats and a a-story
house; rents $475 per mo.; 137:6x100, cor-
$70,000— Four-storv brick building; in the cen-
ter of the business district.
$25,000— Otod site for an apartment house:
Hyde st.; 50x120; 2 houses of 10 rooms
and bath each, renting for J100 per mo.;
improvements of little value.
$20,000— EFfgant modern mansion on fresmio
Heights; very funny; unobstructed ma-
rine view; fiOxlW. .
$10,50O-Rents $1230 per annum; good Mission
business .corner; store and flats; large
$14,000-^Rents $130 per mo.: close to California ,
and Flllmore Ets.; 3 new handsome flats ;
of 7-5 rooms and bath each; lot Jj-.9x1.J-.
$13,000— Pacific Heights mansion; 12 rooms ana
bath and basement, etc.; grand marine
$ll,000^-!u-nts $10S0 per annum; Folsora-et.
business property; store and 2 flats. ~>
$9,5OO^-Rents $9fi0 per annum; Stelner st.;3
modern flats: 29:«xluO. 1
$9,MK»— Rents $1080 per annum: Buchanan st.
3 nearly new flats of 6-o-5 rooms and
bath each; large lot. , * ' ....
$9,000- Rents SS7U per annum; 3 flats of o-U-t ,
rooms and bath each: room for 3 more
Hats; lot 25x122 :ti; double frontage, in-
side of Van Ness ave.
$9,000— Rents $82 60 per month: close to I>u-
boce Park; 3 new modern «««"«*•••»
rooms and bath each, substantially built
and elegantly finished. ;
$S,50O— Renting for $73'-> per annum and \ery
low; Hayes Valley; 5 flats and lot 3,. Ox
120; two frontages, i
$7,200— Rents $816 per annum; Mission warm
belt- 4 good bay-window flats; brick
foundation; 25x114; handy to several lines
of street cars. '
j(j.C(K) Rents $ti0O per annum; Mission warm
belt; 2 nice flats and cottage; 23xl22:«).
$5,750 xear Valencia and Fourteenth Ets.: 4
flats of <5-3 rooms and bath each, bay-
window?, brick foundation, etc.; rents
$.15; 2.1x70. •'
$5,250— Price greatly reduced; AlcAHister-st.
cottage of 5 rooms and bath; lot 43:9x
lo7:»S: if improved with C handsome flats
would pay a handsome , rate of interest.
$5,000 — Rents $430 per annum; Mission warm
belt; 2 flats and cottage; 30x122:6.
J4_50o — Rents $4S0 per annum; on a main
htreet in the Mission warm belt; double
house of t! rooms- and bath each; lot 30
x7C.
$4,<KK> — Nice littte home on Pine St.; 2-story
houEe of 6 rooms and bath and lot, gar-
den, etc.
$3,000 — Rents $31 per month; close to Sixth
and Harrison st?. ; 8 flats of 4 rooms
each ; 25x80.
For further particulars of the above and fcr
the "Real Estate 'Record," containing a list of
properties' for eale in all parts of the city, in-
cjuire at our office.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO., . .
20 Montgomery St.,
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers.
DESIRABLE *sunny building lots, close to Du-
boce Park; bltumenized streets; lots level and
ready to build on; v a rare chance to obtain a
holding admirably situated and close to the
city at a very reasonable price; diagram,
price ana all other particulars at our office.
C. H. UMBSEN & CO., 20 Montgomery St.,
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers.
AUCTION— By order of Public Administrator
we will offer the following property at auc-
tion. Monday. January II. 1004; at 12 o'clock
noon, at our salesroom, subject to confirma-
tion by the court: No. :2S Welch St., north
line, off Fourth st., bet. Bryant and Bran-
nan; Improvements consist of stable and
tenements; rents $9 per month: lot 25x7.*>.
G. H. I'MBSEN & CO., 20 Montgomery st.
AUCTION
By
HENRY STERN
(Of David Stern & Sons),
THURSDAY. JANUARY 14, 1304.
At 12 o'clock noon.
At Salesroom.
11 MONTGOMERY ST.
COLE STREET.
w 100 25 I 25 I 25 I 25 | 25 I 25 | 25
" I '' I I
. « i i ft
h_ , 1 I ! i 8
h_ i • j
!j~ 137:6 I 137:6 7:
__ __ __ ___ __^_ ( ei
ts —
W K
•¦ »
2 „ - ;
r— _ . .*
kH - 8
gi ~~ 77i5
ts ¦ ¦ 7 w
10 ». H
'-» 137:6 j 137:6 « »
s io ° 1 i j i?|
» *• c.
'd S ¦ I
rr 100
jj 25 I 25 25 25 | 25 25 | 25
CLAYTON STREET.
STREET WORK DONE.
FACING GOLDEN GATE PARK.
3S CHOICE RESIDENCE LOTS
FELL ST.. BOULEVARD AND PAN HANDLE
FELL, HAYES. CLAYTON AND COLE STS.'
40 per cent cash, balance at C pvr cent In-
terest..
For fucther particulars apply to
HENRY STERN, 11 Montgomery st.
W. J. GUNN.
630 CALIFORNIA STREET.
{Savings Union Building.)
$4000 — A positive bargain and a fine buy;
corner on Point Lobos ave.; on sunny aide-
large lot, 45x100; 2-story building; well built:
at small expense can be turned into flats and
store on corner that will pay good Interest'
$7000 was refused for this property; both ave-
nues sradt-d, macadamized and sewered: the
assessments and street work cost over $2000-
the price is very low and the sale is forced to
pay off mortgaKe: the property will be very
valuable when the new electric cars run on
Geary st. down to the Chutes; Point Lobos Is
a wide avenue and has a fine future; 3 lines of
cars within a short distance.
$1750— On sunny Bide Union Bt. : lot 23x100:
very cheap: near Broderlck; grand marine
view: eaty payments: ?25O down and $40
monthly; ready for building; cars pass; fine
improvements to go up on next lot.
13-tOO — Webster ft.; business corner; 23x110.
56500 — Two flats: Larkin st. ; 7 rooms: bath-
room In each: 41 feet frontage; fine marine
view; Income $45 &0 monthly.
$2300 — Very cheap lot: 25x110: well located
on Webster St.: all street work done; cable
C8TT- within a few steps: just the lot forflats.
Two well-located lota on 11th ave., with the
marine view; Just north of Clement on eael
side; a buy for a builder; offered at a bargain;
call on u? for particulars; examine these lots;
our slims on them; easiest kind of terms of
payment.
W. J. GUNN,
530 California tt.
BARGAIN.
$200 cash; balance as you please; new modern
cottage, 5 rooms, bath, high basement; 'No
:«M2 Laguna et.. 1 block from Union. See
this property at once. GANCO. GUNZ &
CO., C34 Market St.; tel. Main 5:589.
$5500 — COR. store, flat, cottage, with stock of
groceries and bar.
$C50O— 2 new flats, 5 and 6 r. and b. on Dor-
land st.; rents $G2 50 per month.
D. COFFIN & CO.. 3303 Mission «t.
CALIFORNIA House Wrecking Co. pays the
highest ¦ price for buildings and will wreck
the largest building completely within '10
days. Northwest corner Mission and Tenth
sts.. office and yard.
BUILD on your unimproved realty; we loan
full cost improv. and part lot at 6 per cent;
MANHATTAN LOAN CO., Crocker bulWlng.
CHIMNEY tops set un. roofs repaired by
Ahlbach & Mayer, plumbers. 836 Howard st.
LOTS, N or S side of Golden Gate Park, pur-
chased ; by W. J. GUNN. S30 California St.
REAL ESTATE — Country — For Sale.
718 ACPES near Mayfleld. 11 mries~7rom~Sao
Jose:. 100 acres full ¦ bearing prunes: large
vineyard; all good, land; water piped every-
where; immense concrete • reservoirs; fine
bouses, stabies, barns, etc.; fenced In 5 fields;
cost $160,000; price $50,000. THORNE *
KILPA TRICK. 312 Bush st. San Francisco.
$10 A MONTH buys a 10-acre farm.
$200 profit per annum per acre. .
Write for booklet. It's free. €03 J st.
WRIGHT t KIMBROUGH. Sacramento. Cal.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, •".» orchards,
vineyards: inspected . bargains; monthly cata-
logues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO., 648
ili.CH »vl B I, . * .
day. January 9, at 2 o'clock. Interment
private.
BRANDT — In the Cl«y and County Hospital.
January 7. l!»n. Infant child of Catherine
Brandt, a native of California, aged 21 day*.
BRENNAN— In this city. January 8. 1904.
t'elia Brennan, dearly beloved aunt of Mrs.
J. J. Llnehan. James. Patrick and Margaret
Devine. Mrs. William I.each and Mrs. ii.
Cogue, a native of County Roseommon. Ire-
land. aged 75 years.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral service*
Sunday, January to. 1UV4. at 1 o'clock,
at the residence of her niece. Mrs. J. J.
l.inehan. 27U7 Bryant street, corner Twenty-
sixth, interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
i:i'i:ifrl?-ln Santa Rosa. Cal., January S.
imw. David, ilearly beloved husband of Julia
A. Burria. devoted father of Mrs. Henry
Hopper of irklah. Walter. Joshua. Henry
and Edward Burris and Mrs. Laura Draper
of Tulsre. Mr*. Alice Welker of San Fran-
cisco. Mrs. Dora Glalston of Sonoma and
Frank Uurrtl of Panta Rosa, and uncle of
Al \\\ I'.urri* of Santa Rosa and Jess« Bur-
ris cf Sonoma, a native of Missouri, aged
7'.» years 11 months and 2!> days.
E> Services will b« held to-day <Satur-
day). at 12 o'clock, at the chapel in Cypress
Lawn Cemetery. Friendu are hereby noti-
fied that funeral will leave Third and Town-
?end streets at ll:.''.i> o'clock by serial ear.
CLIFTON-.In this city. January 7. 1904. Mar-
garet, beloved wife of the late Charles Clif-
ton, a native of California, aged til yeara
and V.i days.
K?"The funeral will take place to-day
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors
of the l.'nited Undertakers. 86a Mission
street, between Fourth and Fifth. Inter-
ftmfnt Mount Olivet Cemetery.
CTtAWFORD— In Berkeley, January S, 1904,
John Crawford, husband of Eliza 8. Craw-
ford. a"d father of Edward J., Eliza L-.
Edith K., Caroline J. and Charles John
Crawford, a nativr of Brith. Ayrshire, Scot-
land, aci-.l 71 years.
E7FuneraI serviced will be held Sunday,
at .:;;<> o'clock, at his late residence. 2433
Piedmont avenue. Berkeley. Interment pri-
vate.
DONOVAX— In this city. January «. 1904.
William J. Donovan, dearly beloved son of
the late Mrs. Marie Donovan, a native of
Boston. Mam. . .
C7FrIend» and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-dar
(Saturday), at 12:30 o'clock, from his lat*
residence. 3131 Twentv-second street, thenc*
to St. Peter's Church for services at 1
o'clock. A solemn high mass will be cele-
brated for th* repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at l> o'clock, on Monday. January 11.
J»O4. at St. Peters Church. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
DUNSTAN — In Redtands. San Bernardino
County. January 8, 1UO4. Adeline, beloved
daughter of John and Elizabeth Dunatan,
and ulster of Francis P.. William J., Elmo
R., T. Herbert. Dora M.. Frederick T. and
Ernest A. Dunstan and Mrs. V. L. Dike, a
native of New Almaden. Cat., aged 32 yeara
V months and 14 days.
E7Friendn and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Monday. January 11. 19O4. at 1:30 o'clock,
at Grace M«thodist Episcopal Church, corner
Twenty- first and Capp streets. Remains at
the home of her parents. 3107 Twenty- fourth
street, between Howard and Folsom. In-
terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by car-
riage.
FOLEY— In thia city. January T. 1S04, Tim-
othy Foley, beloved husband of Anne Foley,
and loving father of Timothy. Michael, Mar-
tin. Dennis and Jeremiah Foley, Mrs. Wil-
liam Butler. Mrs. Charles Gruner and th*
late Johana Foley. a native of Macroom.
County Cork. Ireland, aged 69 years 3
months and * days. A member of Triumph
l.c..l K e No. 1HO. A. O. I'. "W.
CdTFrienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Monday,
at tf:3O o'clock, from his late residence. <S4
Dor3 street, thence to St. Joseph's Church,
where a solemn requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul at 10
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
FOWLER — In Providence, K. I.. January «.
19O4, Matilda B. Fowler, beloved fttster of
Mrs. M. A. Reeve and Mrs. P. T. M. Wat«»
of San Franc i-fro and Mrs. George D. Gil-
lard of Medford, Mass.
GALLAGHER— In thla city. January 7. 1904.
Elizabeth, relict of Daniel Qallaxher. and
beloved mother of Mrs. Mary E. Meehan, a
native cf County Donegal, Ireland. aged.7tf
years.
(CTThe funeral will take place from her
late residence. Hit; Alabama street, to-
day (Saturday), at 9:3O o'clock, thence to
St. -Peter's Church, where a solemn mass of
requiem will be offered for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment
strictly private.
GALLEGOS — In this city. January «. 19CM.
. Emily Louise, youngest daughter of Sara M.
and the late Rafael Gallexos. a native of
San Francisco.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend a requiem mass to-
day (Saturday), at S:3O o'clock, at St.
Mary's Cathedral. Interment private. Please
omit flowers.
GLASS— In thla city. January 8. 1904. Fred-
erick, beloved husband of Mae Glass, ooi\
of the late Julius and Amelia Glass, and
brother of Mose Glass and the late Gilbert
and Jennie Glass, a native of San Fran-
cisco aged 39 years 2 months and 10 day*.
A member of California Parlor No. 1, N. S.
G. W.
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect -
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 2608 Sutter street, between Baker
and Lyon. Interment Home of Peace Ceme-
tery, by ll:3O o'clock train from Third and
Townaend streets.
MEMBERS of California Parlor No. 1. N\ S.
G. W. — You are hereby requested to attend
the funeral of our deceased brother, Fred
Glass.' from his late residence.. 2608 Sutter
street. Sunday. January 10. at 10 o'clock,
sharp. J J CUSACK. President.
CHARLES A. BOLDEMANN. Sec.
GLOVER — In this city. January 7. 1904. Jarneft
E. Glover, dearly beloved aon of Mr. and
Mrs. A. J. Glover, and brother of Mrs. J. C.
Junken of Dawson, Y. T.. Mre. J. Hyde and
Harry W.. Thomas F. and Jennette Glover,
a native of Benicia. Cal., aged 33 years «
months and 10 daya.
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
' fully Invited to attend the funeral service*
. Sunday. January 10. 1904. at 2 o'clock, at
the residence of his parents at Benicia, Cal.
GLYNN— In this city. January 7. 10C4. Kate
Glynn. wife of the late Timothy Glynn. a
native of County Galway. Ireland.
HUGHES — In this city, January 6, 19O4, Fran-
cis V. Hughes, a native of San Francisco,
aged 32 yeara 11 months and 23 days. A
member of the Waiters' Union, Local No. 30.
(T7 Friend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Saturday,
at 2 o'clock, from the funeral parlors of
Porter & White. 423 Golden Gate avenue,
thence to St. Patrick's Church for services.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HURLEY— In Modesto. January 8. 1904. Dan-
iel J. Hurley, a native of California, aged
3S years.
C7Funeral will be held from St. Stanis-
laus Catholic Church, Modesto, Sunday
afternoon, at 2:3O o'clock.
KATfe — Entered Into rest, in this city, Janu-
ary 8, 19O4, Louisa, widow of the late Fred-
erick Katz, and loving mother of George,
Louis and Gustave Katz. Mrs E. C. Kalben.
Mr.i. M. Sherwood and the late Fral Kats
" and Lonls«» Sandow. a native ct Germany,
aged 73 years & months and 24 day«.
cyFrlenda are respectfully invited to at-
tend the furrerRl to-morrow (Sunday), at 2
o'clock, from her late residence. 1018 Union
street. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
Please omit flowers.
KOSTER— In South San Francisco. January
8. 1904. Freddie, beloved son of Chris and
Ida Koster. and grandson of Fred and Chris-
tine Koster and Mrs. Evelyn Dupas. a na-
tive of Pescadero. Cat., aged 4 yeara 10
months and 7 days.
C7Frlend9 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence
of the parents 1730 Twelfth avenue, between
N and P streets. South San Francisco. In-
terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
LEHRKE— In thla city. January ». 1904. Wil-
liam C. Lehrke beloved husband of Mrs. W.
C Lehrke. father of Luclle Lehrke. and
brother of Albert W.. Gustave F. and Lou-
lue Lehrke. aged 30 years 7 months and 4
days.
CTNotlce of funeral hereafter.
LOWE— In this city. January 7. 1004. Jesse
Marion beloved husband of Margaret E.
r.owe and father of Clarence W. Lowe and
Mrs. Jessie M. Eickhoff. a native of Mary-
land, aged 85 years.
C7The funeral services will bo held to-
day (Saturday), at 4:30 o'clock at the cbapel
at Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
McAULIFFE— Ia this city. January 8. 19O4,
James Francis, dearly beloved son of Han-
nah and the late Timothy McAutlffe. and
brother of Joseph. Eugene^ Dennis and the
late John Mary and Kate McAuliffe, a na-
tive of Ireland, aged 33 years 4 months and
15 days. '
McSWEENEY— In this city, January 8. 1304,
Timothy D., brwved son of Daniel and Mary
McSweeney. a native of San Francisco, aged
& months and 7 days.
C7Friends and acquaintances are reapect-
fully invited to attend tbe funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 11 o'clock, from the parents*
resjdence,. 64 Clara street, off Fourth. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MAY— In thla city. January 8. 1904, Mrs.
Mary Magdalene May. beloved wife of the
late Captain John May. and sister of Mrs.
Rosalie Schwarae and Mr*. Louise Duratnd.
a native of Lorraine. France, aged &4 years.
g7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
Contlnued on Page Fourteen.
I James McGinn. ¦ Henry Hanaea. 1
jamks mcginn * co.. I
Formerly With McGinn Bros.. I
——Funeral Directors and Embalm;n I
214 Eddy st.^ Tel. South 37«. I
FREE TO WANT ADVERTISERS IN NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS. " *
¦ ' -r- : REA L ESTATE AGENTS. - - -'¦• :<: '¦
NO. 5 MONTGOMERY ST.
~\b per cent NET ON $67,'500.
MISSION STREET. -•
New 5-story - and. :basement brick building,
running through to rear 'street, under 3 and
5 years' leases to responsible tenants; mort-
gage of fr>7,5(K) can remain.
TAYLOR STREET,
v , NOT FAR FROM ELLIS.
Nearly 16,000 square feet In the heart of
downtown in a locality suitable for 'store with
apartment hou?e or hotel upstairs. -;• ¦='¦"*•
RENTS J43O PER MONTH.
Washington-street flats, not far from Hyde;
will always stay rented.
PRICE ?52,«K>.
. ' ' ' '
CLOSE TO MARKET AND FOURTH.
Good-sized lot. with improvements.
PRICE 351.0W.
Not far from Mark'et.
Almost 50 foot frontage, with good buildings
PRICE J45.0O0.
ZZZ
, FIFTH-STREET CORNER
140 ftet of frontage on two streets.
Frame Buildings.
PRICE ?13,50O.
; -''¦ ¦' ¦ • — — _
LARKIN STREET CORNER
160 FEET FRONTAGE.
Frame improvements. Excellent site for
large building.
0. ¦.;. •
Nearly 45 feet frontage on Post street. »
I Downtown.
. VAN NESS AVR. CORNER. '
Rents $505 now.
Should be increased to *5S5. Nearly • °50
feet of frontage. Must be sold. Offers will-
be submitted.
137 "4 FEET ON LARKIN STREET.
Pays nearly $400 per month now.
Excellent chance for future increase by fix-
ing building or remodeling. ,f ¦
MISSION -STREET. NOT FAR FROM THIRD
I^arge frontage, with extra depth running
back to renr street. ¦ -•
PRICE J42.500.
We have responsible tenant who wishes fi-
ttory building built on It. Particulars at our
of nee. .
, .-'— ;
• X45.000.
An especially well-built building of steel
and brick. Will always etay rented. On a
growing business street.
t POST STREET.
50 FKET FRONTAGE.
Rents for ?125 per month.
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS.
5 MONTGOMERY ST.
EASTON. ELDRIBGE & COMPANY.
Gas MARKET ST.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
TUESDAY. Jan. 12, 1904 12 O'clock Noon
At Our Salesrooms, C38 Market St.
PARK PANHANDLE RB:SIDENCE.
7C0 Cole st., near Waller, E. side: im-
provements, a handsome cottage, built less
than 2 yeais ago at a cost of $5000 for build-
Ing alone; contains 6 spacious rooms, porce-
lain bath. 2 patent flush toilets, laundry, high
basement, brick foundation. *
MISSION - FLATS.
S. line of West ave.. 1)0 feet E. of Mission
St.. near 3lst; lot 50x105 feet; Nos. 2. 4, <&. 8
West ave.; improvements, 4 brand new flats,
containing 4 and 5 rooms, porcelain bath, gas
grates, wooden mantels, modern In every re-
spect; rented to ffrst-class tenants for $C5 per
month.
SECOND AVENUE RESIDENCE.
No. 129 Second ave., bet. Lake and Califor-
nia sts.; a handsome 0-room residence; porce-
laic bath, tiled sink, wooden mantels, .etc.; al-
most new; mortgage of $3000 can remain.
BUSINESS INVESTMENT.
No. 1330 Alabama st.; 215 feet S. of 25th:
lot 25x100, feet; improvements, store with 4
living rooms; also upser flat of C rooms and
bath, with stable Ir. the rear: rents $10 month.
TENTH-STREET FLATS.
Nos. 432 and 432>4 Tenth st., S. of Harrison:
2 very pretty flats of 4 rooms each: large sta-
ble on the premises; rent. $36 per month.
MISSION COTTAGE.
No. 4156 20th st., W. of Hartford: Improve-
ments consist of an excellent cottage contain-
ing 5 rooms and bath; high basement: con-
crete Kldewaik. bitumlnized street: mortgage
of $1000; this Is a delightful neighborhood.
ASHBURY HEIGHTS BUILDING LOT.
E. line of Lotta St., 100 feet S. of Parnassus
ave.; 25x101 feet; this property commands a
beautiful view and cannot be surpassed as a
business site for a residence or flat.
MINNA-STREET FLATS.
Nos. r>&'{, 56:ita, 5C.JA and 563B Minna St.,
l«7:0 W. of Russ. bet. 6th and 7th; substan-
tial frame building containing 4 very fine lit-
tle flats of 4 rooms eaclo rented to flrst-cla»J
tenants at $50 per month; concrete sidewalk;
10-foot basement
VALENCIA-STREET CORNER.
Lot on NE. corner of Valencia and 24th sts.;
34:5x90 feet; an exceptionally fine location for
the erection of stores and flats.
MISSION RESIDENCE.
N. line of 2Uth St.. near Castro, No. 4226;
Improvements consist of a residence containing
7 rooms and bath; high basement; renting for
$40 per month; mortgage of $1001).
VALENCIA-STREET BUSINESS SITE.
W. line of Valencia St., 2C1 :6 feet N. of 2Cth
St.; extremely large piece of ground, CSxOO feet;
a most desirable buslnesa site.
For further particulars and catalogue apply
EASTON, ELDRIDOE & COMPANY.
U38 MARKET STREET.
BARGAIN— 3-room cottage: lot- 37y.xl25 feet;
Mission; $G75. GROSSCUP. 150* Market Bt.
CHEAPEST and best- In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for (1,
postage paid. ¦
POIVT RICHMOXD REAL ESTATE.
WATER front lots and bargains; all tracts;
maps, photos, etc. BELL. 417 Parrott bldg.
4 LOTS cheap for cash. 328 Bush St., room
4. third floor.
HEAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
WE have for sale or exchange some of the best
fruit, stock and grain ranches in California.
P C. LASSEN & CO., 4C0 Tenth St.. Oak-
land. Cal.
ELEGANT home, large grounds. Alameda. to
exchange for real estate or good business In
5. F. Apply DR. BEW. ti»S Bush st. S. F.
A WEEK'S news for 0 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per yea r.
PROPERTY WASTED. — ™
WANTED— To lease building, lot from owner,
¦north of Markfct, for small modern flats;
state location. Box 30-ltf. Call.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$5S0O ONLY for 2 fine 9 and 10 room houses
In good location; rent about $60 per month
P. C. LASSEN &\CO., 460 Tenth Bt., Oak-
land. Cai. :.,.¦.¦¦¦.'
A FINE 6-room- cottage near the Key Route;
lot 00x127; all street work done: must be
sold at once: easy terms: price $2750. P C.
LASSEN *: CO.. 460 Tenth St.. Oakland. Cal.
OAKLAND ROOMS TO LET. ¦
MONTANA : House. 320 Eighth at.; sunny
suites and ' slnule rooms for housekeeping
TO-MORROW the day : for bargains In rurnl-
. ture. H. Schellbaas. 11th st..cor.»tore. Oakland.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
CENTRAL PACIFIC RAILWAY COMPANY
FIRST REFUNDING MORTGAGE BONDS—
Notice is hereby given that, pursuant to ths
. provision of Article . Eight of tbi» ¦ mortcaxe
from, this Company to the Central Trust Com-
pany of New .York, Trustee, dated August 1,
1899, this Company has set apart out of the
.net Income derived, by It from the lines of
railroad therein mortgaged the sum of .Twen-
ty-five thousand: dollars In trust to be used
to redeem. said bonda, .and that bonds Issued
under said mortgage .will, be redeemed tbere-
; with and bids are hereby Invited for the sur-
render of such bonds nt prices to be named by
the. bidders, to the amount. renuislts to ex-
haust said sum.' Such bids shouid be pre-
sented to this " Company at its office • 120
Broadway. In the City of JNew York, on or
before the 1st day of > February, 1904, at
twelve o'clock . noon, and should be- indorsed
~ "Bids for . Surrender of Centraf. Pacific Rall-
- way Company • First Refunding Bonds."
CENTRAL . PACIFIC : RAILWAY , COMPANY,
.,;,, By E. H." HARRIMAN, President. *
•New York, January 2. 190*. - ,
WKLP WAXTED — MALF. — Contlnu**.
AT C K- IIAKSEX ACO/S ... Phone Grant 185
«'!• :k who can keep a set of books, hotel *x-
prrUaioe, fcr country hotel $50 found
Waiter, arm work. Hotel Nevada, fare ad-
, '. \am<"1 $45 found I
Second heaJ waiter. Southern California hu- '
•' » rI ¦-••- JtO
. . Xui -.-¦. .n>-tuution. country $0t» fouhd
15 jtchPr. country * hop $:»5 found
.. . ;. K. U A NSEX & CO 42J, ush ft .
. : > STENOGRAPHER and typewriter who can
.* rto ilenc-al work, country hotel; $30 and
'- ;. found. O. R. HAN'SEX & CO., 423 Uusu ?t.
¦/ -liOV. It t is, residing with parents, for whole-
.- • sal* hous-e: state nge and experience. AJ-
••-_ -ir-^ bcx :ton. Call office. . -
•. 'IKTour men's shoes, union made, at »1 add
.. - Jl 50 per pair, foot-form shoes at $2 50 or
• . orthopedic shoes. $3 50; best chocs on earth. 11
•«•• Third st , .exam, bldg., 0 doors from Market.
¦JWANTKD — An all around bookbinder; cne who
.tan do forwarding and finishing on full
lyjunas. Apply SAXBORN VAIL & CO. 741
. "Market St.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
.':. That Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, has
addrd 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
> "517 Third St.; 250 rooma: 25c to 50c per night.
y}ltn YOUNG men of IS years, with good char-
• 'sc:«>r. to organize military organization.
• •". Call at 473 Valencia St.. bet. C and S p. m.
V r.IJNs=IOX ATTT.. M. HARRIS, 40 Ellis St.: 14
".; >'«¦*;¦«' practice; references from thousands of
. ;• persons fcr whom I have secured pensions.
WHY pay big prices to have your shoes half-
solel when you can get tt done fcr 25c, We
•and 60c while you wait at 5C3 Mission st..
, .-. b*t. 1st and L"d sts.. cr 11 Third st.
FOR *a'e cheap — 2 barlx?r chain". 2 mirrors
„- Ani pole. Apply .".<6i, Seventh, cor. Harrison.
„•* TtVO-OHAIR barter shop for sale; account de-
.. .ravtute. ."512 Twentieth »t.
PA.1LORS and ordinary seamen fcr deep-water
•^ - ships. Apply DENT'S place. 26 Steuart st.
•';"•¦-. "
BARBER t-bop for ggie. 23C East rt.
MUSICIANS to join military band. 32S Bush
1 ' • M.. thirJ floor, room 4.
'"MEN to learn barber trade. San Francisco
.. . Barber College. 741 A Howard Et.
'. ' TENSION atty.. K A. BuJlis. room 40. Phelan
•_- . h'C*. Past Com. Gro. H. Thorr.ajB Post. G.A.K.
"• lifDOXALD & PF:RRY have a large stock of
new and second-hand shoes; cheap. 239 .Id st.
WINCHESTER Hotel. U Third st. near Mar-
* . ket— 700 rocmf: 35c night: reading rooms;
• ..'"..free 'bus and baggage 10 and from ferry.
*. 1 -
. 'A 'BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
" *of advertisements an J subscription? has been
• opened «t JOC'S Market ft.. opi>osite Fifth.
c -i.Open until 11 p. m.
ALL sizes men's ehoe*. slightly damaged,* half
• • price. B63 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d Ets.
GET'your shoes half soled while waiting; 25c
to SOc. 5>Zi Mission Et.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
HOIISES AXD WAGONS.
"DON'T fail t-> atter.d the big nuc-tion sale of
horse* u EUis-st. stable. 015 Ellis *t., on
* Monday. Jan. 11. at 11 o'clock. S. WAT-
'-KJNS. auctioneer.
t Al EXPRESS wagon, light camp'.ng wajren
• acci go-cart for tale cheap. 632 Mission st.
FOR tale — Handsome trap, cheap. Bex SlZSi,
Ca?l office.
l-*rgest a*sortrat 2-hand wagons, buckb'd. sur-
rey, harness. work.driving horses. 15th-Valencia.
BOBBIES TO LET.
• A — PRINTED list cf houses to let; send for cir-
;* cular. G H.I ilESEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
*.;fc — HOUSES ar.d flats to let; an immense list;
,~ «rvice absolutely free: take advantage of
.- this department: it will ta\t you time and
. trouble. Cerdcs Furniture Co.. 245-259 Geary
• «t-. 00 the cquare.
' EEFORE movir.r pet our printed list of housei
. to let. BALDWIN * HO WELL. 25 Post st-
'_. X V.'EKICS revis for S cents — The Weekly Call.
16 patre!». in wrapper, for mailing, |1 per year.
* e ¦ ¦ 1
'l . HOI SES TO LKT — KIKMSIIED.
.. ELEGANTLY furnished house of 14 mems for
, . • sale: account of departure. Apply MUJ Post
• I st.. near Mason.
LOST AXD FOCXD.
• > . 'LOST — January 7, In going from 2513 Broadway
*•" • in 2125 Jackson t-t. via. Scott st.. Pacific ave.
. . . and Buchanan ft., an open-work black enam<"l
Z: pin -»Rh jw>arl in center. Finder will be llb-
' " Tally rewarded bv leaving same at I'M'!
Breadrtay. MR.S. J. G. KITTLE.
_•; 1X)J-"T— A passbook with the- Hibernia Savings
?.nd Losn Society cf San Francisco, in the
. -r.arr.e of JOHN A. or KATIE DOHERTY,
No. KC-411. The finder will please return to
bank,
• FOUND — January 5. en Harrison et.. small
. ludy's chatelaine, ccntainirg lady's watch.
penknife an<i small mm of money. Owner
van obtain same at 420 Eighth srt. by degcrib-
LTJST— B«-twe*n December 23 an<J December 20,
lady** cold watcfc and chain: rough finish;
initials P. \V. Reward. 15««0 Folsom et.,
LOST — Young, black male cocker spaniel; coat
rot fully developed: wearing new leather col-
_ Isr with plain nickel r<late. ' Return to 1411
Jnck^on St., near Hyde; reward.
LOST — Chain and locket, enrraved "R. J. B."
Liberal reward will be paid at R. J. BLEN-
VERHAi-gETTS. 221 Kiret st.
LOST — Lady's ojxn -faced, enameled watch.
- bet. Washington ar.d Powell sts. and ferry
reward, ll'-'o Powell «>t.
LOST — Sunday afternoon. amethyst sea!
<-harm. Hawaiian coat of arms cut on stone.
Fuitsble re-ward if returned to C23 Eddy st.
I-p£T— A collie dor. Return to J. O'SHEA,
Seventeenth and Vermont st». : receive reward.
• • MAtHI.VEItV lloneht, Sold And Gi.
HAND elevator wanted to be installer] in ware-
house. Lycn-Dimock Storage and Moving
. >•<>.. 412 KUventh ft.. Oakland.
. B1EDICAL
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for ajl female
complaintr; Inetant relief guaranteed: 30
years' experience; remox-ed to 826 Pest st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all re-
male troubles and irregularities; instant re-
• li«f ruarantecd. 100S4 Market St.. opp. 5th.
I>R. G. W. pDOXKELL — All who are sick or
.:/.,i. ia trouble ccnsult this specialist on female
complaints: positively corrected: the unfortu-
, •- Jiate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
„• advice free. Office. 1018 Market st.
:' 'CATARRH. DEAFNESS ar.d NOISES In EARS
positively cured; new method: 1 week's treat-
¦-" m<nt fre *- Dr - Cottlrgham. 204 Sutter st.
-." Cre. Goodwin. T.TJ Turk. nr. Van Ness — Expert
. "in obstetrics, female complaints; Inst. relief;
- trratmtnt f 10; hourc^lO to 5; 25 years' exper.
llRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladles'
• * tpecialist; a private home before and during
•confinement: best medical care; low fees.
DR. ROSEN resides 299S Folsom St., corner
2Gt«; ladies, relief or no fee: $10.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment; 112(3 Market it.
ER. NG TOY KEE. 319 Powell St.. opposite
Union Square; all diseases cured by herbs.
!tlI>tl^LA>COl>— lOK SALE.
BOILERS, engines, machinery- McIN-
' TOEH & WQLl'MAX. 195-137 Fremont tt.
/ TRY ASBEETOs roof paint and be convinced
<hat it is the only paint that will stop all
)eaks in any roof, either metal or shingle; It
Is al»o the best preservative paint for all new
. : . .metal ond rhingie rooia. and makes the roof
. . last ever twice as long than- painted wltn
• * any other paints: It has no equal. Office. 419
• California au, room 21; telephone James S71tt.
• IXJES YOUR ROOF LEAK* ?
. Repair It with elaterite; In rolls easy to lay:
: . needs no painjUag or coating: good over old
iron, tin or thingles: best for new roofs.
. ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
SD-HAXD machinery, boilers, engines, pumps,
pulleys, ehaftlng. etc.. etc.. bought, sold,
rented and exchanged ; Bee Sunday papers.
• H. E. WHITE MCHY CO.. 130-132 Be«le eC
A— Fine suits. $7 50: dress pants, $2 50. Origi-
. nal Misfit Clothinff Parlors, 238 Kearny St..
near Jiu.-h: open to V p. rr... Sunday to noon.
A — liuye, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, ehaftlng. pulleys,
etc. WH1TF.LAW. 253-255 Spear st.
50 HEAD caJvc-s. from C months to 12 months
old. in fine condition. Apply at 1C1 Buchan-
an «i. J. LE1PS1C.
"TYPEWRITERS, slightly used, eold at cost;
new Underwood visible typewriter catalog
gent free. R. E. Revalk & Co., San Francisco.
. FOIt rale— o n( . National cash register; almost
new. Inquire et SC3 Brj-ant •» 'V BUTLEU. . Pa., .Jan. - 8.— Three deaths from
typhoid - fever ¦. have ' occurred during s the* past
twenty-four hours, -raising the total, to nlnety
eieht. One new ¦_ case, was reported. .
Time; Ball.
Branch : Hydrosraphlo 1 Of Bee, U. S. N., M«r
. chants' K*chanee, v San ; Francisco, ¦¦ Cal.;
January. 8, 130*. • " - •-•- ¦•".-¦.-
Th« Tim. Hail en the* tower of the Ferry
Kcquests Appropriation for Militia.
¦ WASHINGTOX. ¦ Jan. 8. — Secretary
Shaw to-day transmitted to the House
a , request of Secretary Root ; for : an
appropriation of 55o 5,000 for; new
arms and equipment for orgranized
militia. '7' = "
NEWS OP THE OCEAX.
blatters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping; 3Ierchants. -fiivi
The ship I. F. Chapman (at Honolulu) - is.
chartered for sugar thence to New York. .
The schooner, Heleno returns to • Honolulu :
with general cargo. . ,
To Preserve Petrified Forests.
WASHIXGTON. Jan. 8.— The House
Committee on Public Lands to-day
ordered a favorable report on a bill
to preserve ¦ the petrified forests of
Arizona by making a national reserva
tion of the lands where they are lo
cated. , .
Wnter Front Xotes.
The army transport Thomas/ which left, here
Xew Tear's day, arrived yesterday at Hono
lulu.
The schooner .W. H. Marstbn. which arrived
yesterday at Honolulu, left here Christmas day.
The Korea left Yokohama -esterday. for this
port. • ' ' - "¦.'¦' '¦- ¦¦.-/";¦"¦
Captain Anderson has ¦ succeeded Captain
Thompson In command of the steamer Sequoia.
Tunglcd. Cable Delays Sailing.
The salllnE of the French bark Bossuet,
which left yesterday for Queenstown, was de
layed for several hours owing to the difficulty
experienced In 'getting, up her anchor. The
cable had become badly. fouled and It took sev
eral hours to disentangle It.
House Wars on Boll Weevil.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 8. — The House
to-day made available the sum of
J250.000 to be used to meet the emer
gency caused by the ravages of the
cotton boll weevil and other insects
affecting cotton. The measure was
adopted without division. The sum is
to be diverted from the half million
dollars appropriated last year to erad
icate the foot and mouth disease
among cattle. Pension bills to the
number of 115 were passed. -The
House adjourned until Monday.
Victim of Appendicitis.
Captain Mattheson of the ferry 1 steamer Sau
salito is lying seriously 111 at a local - sanita
rium. He was stricken on . Wednesday with
appendicitis.. He has been operated upon and
the operation was successful, but the captain's
condition Is still grave. ,
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. I Sails. Pier.
January 9. ] '
Czarina.... Coos Bay 12 m Pier 8
laqua.'..... Humboldt ......... 2 pm Pier 2
Centralla... Grays Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 10
San Pedro. . Humboldt ......... 4 pm Pier 2
Eureka.... Humboldt 0 am Pier 13
Pt. Arena . . Pt. Arena & Mdcno 4 pm Pier 2
Peiii....... N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
Alameda... Honolulu ......... 11 am Pier - 7
• ' - ' January 10. , ¦ . •.: . " ¦ :¦
Arcata Coos B-Pt. Orford 10 am Pier 13
S. Rosa. . . . San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
January 11.
Coronado... Los Anseles ' Porti. 6 pm|Pler 10
Queen Puget Sound Ports. 11 amjPier O
Pomona.... Humboldt .:...... '.|l:30 p Pier 9
¦ ¦¦ '-'.;; Ja&utrr 12. '-.-' . .'
KHrateth.. Coquille Klver ... .'. Pier 20
W. Kruger. 'Los 'Angeles Ports. 4 pm Pier 2
Coo» Bay... San Pedro & Way. '9 am Pier.ll
North Fork Humboldt ......... 6 pm Pier 20
January 13.
G. W. Elder Astoria &. Portland 11 am Pier 24
January • 14.
R. Monica. . Los Angeles ' Ports. 12 m Pier 2
Spokane. .. . Hurabcldt r.T. . . .'. . l:3O p PUr * »
Porno..:.'.; Pt.' Arena & Albion 6 pm Pier. 2
State Cal.. San Diego * Way. » am Pier, 11
Centennial; Seattle & Tacoma.. 5 pmlPler 20
Rainier.... Seattle & Whatcom 4 pmlPter 10
Chlco..'.... I Coquille River :... 6 pm|Pier 2
I " -•¦ ¦¦¦.'" : January.. 15.- ¦' . ¦.
Coptic...... China & Japan... . l'pm Pier 49
Serbia ' Hamburg & Way. 2 pm Pier 19
: • ' - January 16. . -: \'
Botita....'. Newpcrt • & ' Way..: 9 am Pier 11
j San Juan.. N. Y; via Panama. 12 ;. m Pier 40
; City Puebla Pupet Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 8
Rival...... Willapa' Harbor .'; j 4'pm Pier I
• January 18. I :';. V- Vr
Nevadan.:. Hono. &. Kahulul.l 2 pm Pier 25
Columbia:.' Aetoria «<Portlandlll am Pier 24
¦ ' ."¦":•'¦ January 21. I , | -'
Sonoma. . . . I Sydney. &.Way Pts| 2 pm|Pter : 7
.. FROM ' SEATTLE. ~ • ';:..
¦Steamer.';'. For. Saila.
Dolphin...... Skagway & Way Ports. (Jan. -9'
Bertha. ....... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Jan. 10
¦ A1-K1.V..... .« Rkagwayft Way Ports. Jan." 10
Cottage City. . Skagwiy & Way Ports. Jan.' 15
i Santa Ana... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Jan. IB
The Overdue List.
The German bark Artemis, out 102 days
from Hamburg for Santa Rosalia, was rein
sured yesterday at 10 per cent^ . Since leaving
the German port nothlnc has been heard of
the vessel, and, as 1 she Is reputed a fast sailer,
the anxiety for her safety is greater than in
dicated by the rate of reinsurance. The rate
on the Martaban has been advanced to 15 per
cent. The Francesco Gulseppe I, La Fontaine
and Jeanne Cordonnler are quoted at 10 per
cent, the Loch Bredan at 80 and the Paris at
85 per cent. •
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY. Jan. 8—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. B)d Ask
Alpha 14 16 Justice ....... 13 15
Alta «8 1«; Kentuck 04 05
Andes IS! 35 ICcyes Graes. — 1 75
Belcher -. — SO 52 Lady Wash.. — 08
Rest & Belch.3 05 3 15 Mexican 3 45 3 CO
Bullion 14 10 Occidental ... 77 go
Taledonia ...1 15 1 20 Ophir 6 60 6 C2«A
Challenge Con 37 30 Overman .... 30 32
Ohollar ...... S3 35 Potosl 33 35
Confidence . .1 05 1 10 Savage 70 71
Con C & V*.2 40 2 45 Scorpion ..-,.. 05 O«I
Con Imperial. 04 OS'Sejr Belcher.. 14 15
Con N Y- 10- 121 Sierra ¦ Nev .,1 10 1 n
Crown Point. 32 .IT. Silver Hill .. 70 71
Eureka Con.. — 50 fit T»uis .... 19
Exchequer ... 2S 20 Syndicate ... 04 06
Oou'.d & Cur. CS 70 Union Con . .1 35 1 40
Hale & Korc. M S5 Utah 31 , 33
Julia .. .. 07 08 Yellow Jacket 40 4"
TONOPAH MINES.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Colehan — 19 N T Ton — 05
Ecperanza ... — 01 Ray & OBrien 08 10
— OS I ' ' uox %uon Rescue 04 0«
Co — " *3 U.*dzns Ton of Xev..5 25 6 28
— n • «jboi«x3*K Ton N Star.. 29 3.J
— HZ -JotjDuy pjoo Ton Midway. 41 45
C3 — ••• uoo «ma] United T6n... 08 11
To Celebrate First Anniversary.
Golden Gate Harbor No. 40 of the American
Association of Masters and Pilots of Steam
Vessels will celebrate Its first anniversary In
a social gathering to be held January 16 at
Pythian Castle. The membership of Harbor
40 is made up of tire mariners engaged In navi
gating the harbor fleet, and in pplte of its
youth is a flourishing branch pt the parent or
ganization, having been flnancially and frater
nally fit from the day of Its birth. Captain
P. N. Stoffen. commander of 4he army steamer
General McDowell. Is captain of Harbor 40
and Captain J. T. Jones of the Southern Pacific
ferry service Is his executive officer.
78 Malta well «2 50
S5.OCO i'aclfle Electric Ry 5 per c»nt.lO4 87«4
1O0 S F Gas & Electric Co ¦ JK».. til w'
r»0 B F Gas & Electric Co <51 DO
100 S F Gae & Electric Co, s 90. . CO <K)
2<>0 S F Gas & Electric Co 59 37«4
100 S F Gas & Electric Co &$» 00'
f^.UfiO S P of Arizona Utkft) io« fcjii
00 Fpring Valley Water Co 3§ 'js'
5 Spring Valley Water Co. cash. 39 25
Street —
30 Oceanic S S Co 4f>0
40 Epring Valley Water Co 39 25
Afternoon Session.
Board— .
R California Wine Assn 04 00
S Giant Powder Con «2 25
SO R F Gas & Electric Co. W» <K>
«> fi F Gas & Electric Co 58 «O
M S F Gas & Electric Co 5700
25 S F Gas & Electric Co 5u M
Cr. S F Gas & Electric Co s 3.... 55 50
£.*..% S F Gas & Electric Co , M 00
I<» S F Gas A Electric Co 55 12U
f*» fi F Gas it Electric Co. b 30.. 53 00
:<O K F Gas & Electric Co 54 g;Ji
100 Honokaa. Co. b SO 12 60
"«O Oceanic S S Co 4 00
JO Spring Valley Water Co 39 oo
Street —
S2.Wx> Bay Counties Power Co' 5 pr ct 101 50
il.OOrt Pacific Electric Ky 5 per c*nt. 104 stu
$11,000 S T of Arizona (1909) 105 00
California Stock and Oil Exchange
— — ' ' "7"- r .
Oil Stock- Bid. A.ked.
A!m « 140
Apollo 42
Associated Trust Certificates. 18 is
Aztec M
• 'alifotnla standard 12
<-«ribou 1 40 i ->i
«Vnlr»l Point Con ......... e5 ....
<-i.ii as o Crude . -¦ 19
«*iaremont 37
¦i'l'Cinnu 1J15 .."
Four C3 ;.-,.
Kullon ..;. 400
«;i«nt 23
Har.tord 140 Of» 142 00
«<MT.e J 10 11*
limx-rial - IS Oy
Independence .............. .... J4
JuiK.tlon . 11
Kern 4 50 4 75
Kern r.iier 12 60 ....
Lion ...., .... t>2
Monarch *ct Arizona)! 40 ....
MoiH'- CriMo €5 ....
<K* Uiental of V." V».. ...... ..;. jx
Oil City Petroleum 2« '..,
I-"t «r 1 lc.<« 1* Ct} '...'.
Pilt>l-ur« ¦-• ' 23
] i.-i-.l Crude 4 M
fs F A: MeKUtrieJs 2 7.%
,^an Joaquia O &. D 4 m
Bcratur : — ki \\\\
Kuvorejgn 37 " <io
'K-rllnir ". 2 *.fl, 2 7.1
Superior <i5 ~ ' 07
Thirty-three 7 2.%
Toltflv I!' 21
•r»eutj' -fight 4 f»0
¦»Vcst Shore 3 I'q
Af-sooiat<"d Uoniis »
1 Mistf llan^ou?— "* *
* At»by I^jnrt *¦ Imp <l
Aluneiia Suj«r 'ja W
Amnkan Biscuit U5 00
Continued From Page Fifteen.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. | . Due.
Elizabeth Coquille River [Jan. »
tjan Juan.... New York via Panama. Jan. 9
laqua. ....... San Pedro Jan. V
M. Dollar.... San Pedro ..Jan. »
Wyefleld Nanalmo Jan. 9
Centralla San Pedro Jan. 9
Pomona Humboldt Jan. 9
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way PortS|Jan. It
North Fork... Humboldt j.Ian. r .i
a. W. Elder.. Portland Sc. Astoria jjan. 10
Serbia Seattle .(Jan. 10
Centennial.... Seattle A'Tacoma |Jan. 10
Tellus Oyster Harbor ........[Jan. 11
Hero Oyster Harbor |Jan. 11
Chlco Coquille River .Jan. 11
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts.|Jan. 11
Sonoma, Sydney & Way Ports... | Jan. 11
Rainier Seattle & Whatcom. . . .IJan. 11
Del Norte Crescent City (Jan. 11
Coronado Grays , Harbor I Jan. 1 1
W. H. Kruger Humboldt |jan. 12
Nevadan..... Honolulu & Kuhulul. . .I.Ian. 12
Eureka....... Humboldt Jan. 12
Porno Point Arena & Albion. Jan. 12
Spokane Humboldt Jan. 12
Alliance. Portland & Way Ports. I.Ian. 12
San Matco Tacoma (Jan. 13
City Puebla... Puert Sound Ports I.Ian. i:t
Bonita Newport & Way Ports.Uan. IS
Colon.... New York via Panama Jan. 14
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & Way Pts. Jan. 14
Point Arena.. Mendoclno & Pt. Arena. Jan. It
Rival Willapa Harbor Jan. 14
S. Monica.... Grays Harbor Jan. 14
Columbia Portland & Astoria.... Jan. 1.1
Arcata ... Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. Jan. 1!>
Mera Hamburg & Way Pts. Jan. 15
S.Barbara... Seattle & Olympia .....Tan. 16
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports... . .I.Ian. -17
J. Dollar Seattle & Tacoma. ..... I Jan. 17
A. Maru China & Japan .......|Jan. 18
Crescent a Blc Carrier.
The flve-magted schooner Crescent, just
launched at Bendlxsen's yard, will be one of
the blgzest lumber carriers owned on this
coiut. She was launched rigged and ready for
service and had hardly reached the water when
she received an off-shore charter. She Is
now preparing- for her maiden voyage, which
will b- to Manila. - She will carry the largest
cargo of redwood ever 'taken over Humboldt
River bar. The Crescent Is owned by R. J.
Tyson &. Co. of this city. Her gross tonnage
is 1443 and she is registered as 1334 tons net.
She Is 240.4 feet long. 44 feet beam and 10 feet
deep. She will be able to carry 1.605.000 feet
of lumber. The new' schooner is one of the
trimmest-looking vessels of the coast fleet, and
the living: quarters, both fore and aft. have
been designed with afvlew to the comfort as
well as health of officers and crew. Captain
P. OUen has been appointed commander of the
Crescent.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
' Time and Height Of High and Low WatenJ
at Fort. Point entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front fMisslon-street wharf) about 25
minutes' later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide Is the same at both places.
SATURDAY, JANUARY 9. f
Sun rises ....' 7:26
Sun sets : ......* 5:08
Moon rises (third quarter) ....0:00 a. m.
D Time Time JTlme Time
e Ft. Ft. } Ft. Ft.
? H W L W |H W L W
*9 4:40 JMU0:5$ 1.0 6:00 4.0 10:42 1.5
10 5:33 5.C12:0S 1.5 6:20 3.8 11:14 2.1
11 6:23 5.7 1:16 0.9 7:47 3.7
L W II W L W H W
12 0:42 2.5 7:17 5.8 2:14 0.4 »:00 4.0
13 1:.*52 2.7 S:0S HgS 3:07 0.0 10:00 4,2
14 | 2:2* 2.9 8:55 >6.9 3:G2| — 0.2 10:62 4.4
X0TE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of tha
day. except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and' then the. number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of referenco is the mean
of the lower low waters.
Movements of Steamers.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
Friday, January 8.
Stmr Nome City, Moore, « days from Port
land, via Astoria t>7 hours.
Stmr Sequoia. T4iomp»on, 4S hours from San
Pedro, via Monterey 11 hours.
Stmr Newburg, Anflndsen, 40 hours from Re
dondo.
Stmr Argyll, GUboy. 8 days from Honolulu.
Stmr Arcata. Nelson 53 hours from Coos
Bay. via Port Orford 45 hours.
Stmr Fulton. I«ee, 18 hours from Westport.
Stmr Francis H Leggett, Reiner. 66 hours
from Portland. . . /
Ger «hip Thekla. Wolter, 1M days from
Antwerp. . < .
/Schr Repeat, Wilson, 4 days from Coos Bay.
Schr Bessie K, Reed, 14 hours from San
Vicente Landing.
Schr Marion, Topfer, 0 days from Grays
Harbor.
Schr Glen, Peterson, 11% days from Port
Apgcles.
Schr Jennie Wand, Christensen, S days from
Coos Bay.
Schr Ida McKay, Lethola, 46 hours from
Eureka.
CLEARED.
Friday. January 8.
Stmr Spokaie. Johnson, Eureka; Pacific
Coast Steamship* Co. ¦
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander. San Diego;
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Fr bark Marechal do Vlllars, Rioual,
Queenstown; Glrvin & Eyre."
Schr Winchester. Gilbert. La Paz; .H M
Newhall & Co.
SPOKEN
SAILED.
Friday, January 8.
Stmr Flheria. Smith. HonzkojiR, etc. •
Stmr Noyo, Johnson, Eureka. /
Stmr Bonlta. Glelow, San Pedro.
Stmr South Bay, Jamleson, Eureka.**
Stmr Columbia, Doran, Astoria.
Stmr Homer. Donaldson, Grays Harbor.
Stmr Sookane, Johnson, Eureka.
Stmr Oresonlan. Carty, Honolulu, via Se
attle and Tacoma.
Stmr South Coast. Olsen, Little River.
Btmr Gipsy. Leland. Santa Cruz.
Stmr Newburg, Andfindsen. Grays Harbor.
Stmr Prentiss. Ahlstrom. Bowens Landing.
Stmr Sequoia. Andresen, Grays Harbor.
Fr bark Bossu^t. Laroque, Melbourne.
Hrlg AV G Irwln, Hansen. Roche Harbor.
Schr Challenger. Anderson. Astoria.
Schr John A. Olsen, Eureka.
Schr Newark., Relnertsen. Stewarts Point.
Dec 28, lat 22 N, • Ion 47 W. Fr ship Ran
cagua. from Iqulque. for La Rochelle.
Per stmr Argyll — Jan 5. lat 34 15 N. Ion 136
"W. .schr S T Alexander, from Port Cos An
geles, for Tacoma. Jan 3, lat 31 28 N, Ion
144 4fi \V passed 3-masted ship, painted port,
eteerins N.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Jan 8. 10 p rn— Weather
cloudy; wind NW. . velocity VZ "miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS
EVERETT— Sailed Jan 7— Schr .Winslow. for
San Pedro. - - •
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Jan 8— Scbi
Endeavor from San Pedro.
SEATTLE— An ived Jan 8— Stmr Jeanie,
from Dutch Harbor.
Sailed Jan 8 — Stmr Farallon. for Skagway.
REDONDO— Sailed Jan S — Stmr Lakrhe, for
San Francisco; stmr Centralla, for San.Fran
cisco.
POINT LOBOS — Passed Jan S, 9 a m — Stmr
Pasadena.- from San Pedro, for Eureka.
COOS BAY— Arrived Jan S— Stmr Aberdeen,
hence Jan 5. 1
TACOMA— Arrived Jan 8— Br bark Ancenis,
hence Dec 24. -„
WIIATCOM— Sailed Jan 8— Stmr Rainier,
for San Francisco. ' .
SAN PEDRO — Arrived Jan 8 — Schr Beulah,
from Umoqua: atrhr Lakme, from Redondo.
Sailed Jan S — Bark Hesper, for Port Town
send: stmr Melville Dollar, for San Francisco.
Sailed Jan 8— Stmr Melville Dollar, for San
Francisco. *
ASTORIA — Sailed Jan ,8 — Stmr Geo W El
der, for San Francisco. ¦¦"
EUREKA— Arrived .Tan 8 — Schr Compeer,
hence Dec 31: stmr Navarro. hence Jan 6.
Sailed Jan 8 — Stmr. Pomona, for San Fran
cisco.
PORT HARFORD— Sailed Jan 8— Stmr Coos
Bav for San Francisco.
. SEATTLE— Sailed Jan 8— Ger stmr Serbia,
for Hamburg, via San Francisco.
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU — Arrived Jan 7 — Schr Mahuko
na. •from Newcastle. Aus.
: Arrived ' Jan ' R— U S stmr Thomas,*' henctt
Jan 1: schr W H Marsten, hence Dec 25. M
KAHULUI— Arrived Jan C— Schr Ariel, from
Newcastle, Aus. \
FOREIGN PORTS. -
ANTWERP — Arrived Jan 6-^Br ship Orana
»Ia.' hence Ausr 13. *
• PANAMA — Arrived Dec 22 — Stmr .City of
Sydney, • hence Nov 28.'
EMDEN— Sailed Jan 3— Fr ¦ ship Asie. for
San Pedro, via Antwerp.
HONGKONG— Sailed Jan &— Br stmr Himel
ra.' for New York.
KOBE— Sailed Dec 20 — Ger stmr .Nubia, for
New Tork. \ ¦ :
RIO DE JANEIRO— Sailed Dec 23— Br atmr
Mlramar. for New -York, r'
YOKOHAMA- Sailed Dec 29— Jap «tmr Tosa
Maru, for. Seattlr.Vvia Victoria. ' Jan- 7 — Stmr
Korea, "for . San 1 Francisco.
COLON— Arrived ; Jan 6— Stmr Sesuranca,
from New York. , •
Sailed Jan 6— Stmr City of Washington, for
New York. •. -* ¦ . •- : . •- •- ¦
-•SYDNEY — Arrived prior to Jan 8— Fr"bark
Gael, hence Nov 15. ¦ . .
¦¦ : CORONKL — Sailed Dec * 23 — Stmr Indiana,
f or r New York. . , - - .. ... >
OCEAN 'STEAMERS.
NEW YOTIK— Arrived Jan 8— Stmr Fumes
»ia. from Glasgow; "::.-,' .
PALERMO-^Satled Jan 8— Stmr Mewina. for
New York. :^f ' ¦MWy i U wl W^iJJ*'' !CUjyi ML* 1 i*S3E
'COPENHAGEN — Arrived Jan 8 — Stmr
Georne. ; f roin Xew'Tork. - , '. . •.*¦ ¦¦¦ . ->
-r QUEENSTOWN — Sailed " Jan ; S— Stmr Cym
ric * from 'Liverpool; for Boston. • -•;' : '• ." i " '
MOVILLE— Sailed- Jan r 8— Stmr" Sicilian,
from ; Liverpool, for ' Sf Johns. /, •
The British ship Eurasia, Captain
Hughes, which left here December 13
for the United Kingdom, arrived in
port for repairs last night. That
the Eurasia was in a bad plight
was known here because Captain Ren
nie of the steamship Mariposa sighted
her December 28 in latitude S0.35 N. f
longitude 126.57 W., and so reported.
The ..ailing vessel's main yard and
main topsail yard were gone and she
had evidently been pretty roughly
handled by the elements.
Captain Rennie changed his course
and steamed close enough to the Eu
rasia to signal an offer of assistance.
Captain Hughes ignored the Mariposa's
signals altogether and his discourtesy
was the subject of severe comment in
the local shipping world. Captain Ren
nie thought the Britisher was heading
for Honolulu and so reported upon his
arrival here.
On December 21 the main yard car
ried away and In coming down also
brought down the main upper and
lower topsail. The mainsail, lower top
sail and upper topsail and royal were
torn to rags. . The gear beeame so en
tangled that nearly everything had to
be cut away.
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
I. e . at noon of the 120th meridian, or at S
p. m., Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT.
Lieutenant, V: S. N., in charge.
— ?
Sun/ Moon and Tide.
FIVE-MASTED SCHOONER CRESCENT, JUST LAUNCHED^AT EUREKA, WHICH WILL SHORTLY SAIL FOR
MANILA ON HER MAIDEN VOYAGE. WITH THE LARGEST CARGO OF REDWOOD EVER CARRIED
ACROSS THE HUMBOLDT RIVER BAR,
wisconsin' man kills wife
And then commits suicide
Calls Up , Friend on Telephone and
" Asks Him to Uston While Shots
Are 'Being Fired.
MINNEAPOLIS, Jan. 8. — James
Garfield of Hurley, Wis., locked the
door of his flat and told his -wife he
meant to kill her. Then he telephoned
to a friend to "hold the line and lis
ten." The friend heard a woman's
scream and three revolver shots.
When the police broke open the door
they found Garfield with a bullet in
his brain. The woman was dead. She
was a vaudeville artist known as Pearl
Guyotte.
Government Engineer Believes
That Shoaling 3Iay Recur
Unless There Be Dredging
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PORTLAND, Or., Jan. 8.— Because
the Columbi^ River bar pilots, whose
duty it is t\ take vessels across the
submarine sand mountain at the, mouth
of the .Columbia, have frequently re
ported that the famous obstruction is
wearing away by natural erosion, the
United States engineer's office here will
make a thorough investigation.
The bar pilots say . that soundings
show that there is a greater depth of
water on the bar now than ever before,
and it is possible that the great bar.
whlcA has cost the Government mil
lions of dollars in jetties and dredges,
•will be removed by the same natural
causes that placed it there. The Gov
ernment dredge Chinook has been at
work on the bar for some weeks since
l>er arrival from Saa Franciaco, and the
bar pilots believe that the dredge has
removed the hard^ crust on the bar and
that the obstruction is now wearing
away in the current of the river and
the tides.
Major Langfltt of the United States
engineers, however, thinks that if the
channel is really deepening the causes
must be purely natural, as the dredge
he says, has not had time to make a
real Impression on the bar.
".Shoaling is just as likely to recur
under these circumstances," he said,
"as deepening is likely to continue."
BEPORTS OF BAR PILOTS
Obstruction to Navigation at
Mouth of the Columbia Is
Said to Be /Wearing Away
Arrives in Harbor in the Same Dismantled Shape She Was in
When Sighted by the MariposaV Whose Offer of Assistance
She Ignores^ .but Is Later Compelled to •Abandon Voyage
NATURE'S WORK
MAY SUFFICE
BRITISH SHIP EURASIA RETURNS
TO PORT IN A CRIPPLED CONDITION
American District Tel .... 75 00 ....
Cal Ca* &. Electric "Corp..- .... ••••
• Vilifomia Cotton Mills SO 00 ...
California Jockey Club IfS ivi
California Shipping Co 2« 00
Cal Title Ins & Truft...-..ir.«> w 140 00
Ontral Bnnk of Oakland.. WOO
Chutea. Company . "10
Cypress Lawn Imp Co...... 0 50 • »• 75
Kischer's Theater .¦ 2 25
<Ias Consumers' Assn . .' i" 50 .
I Honolulu Sugar Hi CO
Northern Cal **ower f< 75 9 00
Xorlh Shore Railroad ••••
Orpheum Company Jfi CO
, Paclflp States Tel & Tel 115 00
I Psrafflne Painl .'»•'« W» ....
fian Franrisco Dry Dock.... 47 0<» ....
Sanitary Reduction Work*.. 1 Wt ....
£au£alito Land & Ferry lfi «O .-•••
Sperrj- Flour Company 27 50 •>•> 0«>
Standard ElTirie i IN 00
Te*la Coal Company . . 25 00 «0 00
Truckef- Eleciric 13 25
Vnlon Sugar 22 5(1
United Gas & Electric 31 50
SALES.
Morning Ssssion.
P.. aril —
UK) Home 1 10
25 Kern River .12 75
XU Clare mont 4 J
Street— I
1500 Tolt^c . j 20 .
Afternoon Session. '
Board— !
SCO Monarch ¦* t |
(
Mhir.g Stocks. \
RAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Hoard yesterday: |
Morning Session. * !
.V)0 Alpha 15 250 Mexican*. 2 00 '
r«00 Alta t-S 1100 Mexican -' S5 ;
700 Andes 3l» 1C0 Mexican 2 M> i
•_>«• Belcher 40 soo Occidental ... 67 I
100 Belcher 41 WX> Ophlr 5 87»-i
700 Belcher 42 13«K) Ophir C Co
:u» Best & Belch.3 *M Overman 31 i
KO0 Bullion 14 100 Overman 33 J
11O0 Caledonta ...I 10: 500 Overman .... 'ft!
1100 Chollar S« 2500 Potoei 3I» ¦
200 tThollar *UJ 100 Potosl 29
UtiO CholUr 34 \ WOO Savage «i
r»M> Con C & Va.2 2O 1500 Scorpion IJ5
«K> Con C & Va.2 251 Kx^er Belcher.. 12 ,
TfO Con C & Va.2 15 2(X%Sey Belcher.. 11 I
2(K1 Confidence ...1 Ut ICO Sierra Nev ..1 to I
60 Confidence ...1.05 1200 Sierra Nev ..1 05 !
500 Con NY 11 400 Silver Hill .. Ii4 !
500 Crown Point. .11 1000 Si Louis .... 17 i
100 Exchequer ...» 25 1.-.00 Knlon Con ..1 3S
:ttX» Exchequer ... 28 ,100 ITnion Con ..1 SO I
UiO Oould & Cur. 70 600 ITlah 22"
700 Hale & Norc. «7 .'500 ftah 14 I
500 Julia «7 «*o «:tah 23
.ViO .Justice 12 2C0 I'tah :"» '
«00 Justice 1.1 400 Yellow Jacket 42 i
10C0 Kentuck 01 7C0 Yellow Jacket 41 I
Afternoon Session.
100 Alpha 131 600 Mexican 3 75
•WO Alia «SI 10O Occidental ... 63
700 Andes 32 400 Ophir 7 25
KMt Itelcher 61 5O Ophir ..7 00 I
1CX» Belcher S-'l 10O Ophir 7 12>i i
W0 Belcher 54 .100 Overman ;{:: ;
100 Best tt Bclch.3 10.10C-0 Potosi .->«
5<K) Bullion 151 500 Pdtofii :«< |
300 Caledonia ...ISO' ."00 Savage 7(»
MW Challenge Con 3.*4ilW.O Scorpion «3|
200 Chollar 3S| 500 Seg .Belcher. . .14 I
KiO Chollar :<7| .'{00 Sierra Nev ..1 2"a»
1250 Con C &. Va.2 (»! i::oo Sierra Nev ..1 CO !
l«0 Con C & Va.2 70 310 Silver Hill .. «S
200 Confidence ..115 :MK) St Louis* 19
150<» Con NY 11 SCO l'nion Con ..I 45 '
300 Exchequer ... 2H 2<X> l'nion Con ..1 40 !
WW Gould Sc Cur. 75 100 Utah vi\ \
100 Gould Sc Cur. 72 -'00 I'lah XI i
J 00 Gould & Cur. 71 100 Utah 35.
ir<o Hale & Norc. BS 200 rtah !
100 Hale & Norc. 8fi 200 T.'iah r,t ¦
1000 Julia 07 "500 Yellow Jacket 41
1800 Justice 14 1 ;
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE. ,'
Following were the sales on the Pacific I
Stock Erchange yesterday: ;
Morning Session. i
400 Andes 2»l 100 Savage 70
2tt» Best & Belch.2 85 .100 Scorpion 15
200 Best & Belch.:t 00 200 Seg Belcher.. 12 I
200 Caledonia .. .1 10| 1O0O Sierra Nev .. ;t«
SOO Chollar 33 :»0 Sierra Nev.l <^>KC
200 Chol'.ar ."6 500 Sierra Nev.l 07«4
t>00 Chollar ?.:»! 100 Sierra Nev . 1 05 !
100 Chollar 37' 100 Sierra Nev ..1 10 i
200 Con <: A Va.2 C5; 100 Sierra Nev ..1 l'O i
100 Con C & Va.2 20j 200 Sierra Nev.l 17>i |
1O0 Con C & Ya.2 SH\ 2W Sierra Nev ..1 15 |
.^W Con NY .... 12. 100 Sierra Nev.l ]«'J |
1(K) Crown Point. HO, 100 Sierra Nev ..1 00 !
R»0 Gould & Cur. 70| 600 Silver Hill r,i \
200 Gould &. Cur. 731 100 I'nlon Con I 13 1 ¦
200 Gould t Cur. 71 '¦ 400 Union Con . 1 "5
100 Justice 12, 500 Union Con.l 27Vi (
200 Justice 13 100 Union Con ..120'
100 Mexican 2 40 100 Union Con ..I T.0 '
200 Mexican 2 SO' 10O ITnion Con.l 37ij
500 Mexican 2 75 200 Union Con 1 4<i
200 Ophir 5 23! 100 Union Con ..I 35
COO Ophir 3 flSHl 100 Utah » 23 J
100 Ophir 5 75 400 ITtah «•>
100 Ophir « 25' 300 Utah
100 Ophir 6 SOI 300 Utah
:tCO Overman 35! 7OO Utah og !
100 Overman 3-Ti -"00 Utah .. i
1<K) Potosi 31 40O Yellow Jacket 40
100 Potosl 35 300 Yellow Jacket 44
100 Savage 05 200 Yellow Jacket 45
200 Savage f» 100 Yellow Jacket 42
300 Savage 69 100 Yellow Jacket 41
Afternoon Session. • (
400 Andes 3.TJ 200 Mexican 3 05
1O0 Belcher 5O GOO Occidental ... fiO
100 Best & Belch.3 40 300 Ophir . 7 00
100 Best & Belch.3 50 GOO Ophir *. 7 { <t7iA
2C0 Best & Belch.3 15 100 Ophir ..'.'.'.'.% 871?
300 Challenge Con 40 400 Overman . . 35
200 Chollar 40 600 Potosi 40
500 Chollar 39 100 Savage' 74
400 Con C A: Va.2 60 600 Se«r Uelcher. . 13
200 Con C & Va.2 65 700 Sierra Nev 1 3o
400 Con C & Va.2 85 200 Sierra Nev.l ">7ii
100 Con C & V.2 82H 100 Sierra Nev 1 82U
200 Con C & Va.2 80 200 Sierra Nev.l 1">V,
1500 Con N Y .... 12 1100 Silver Hill .. 70 !
200 Crown Point. 33 100 Silver Hill 07
i 400 Crown Point. 32 .200 Union Con 1 45
100 Gould tz. Cur. 7K 800 Union Con 1 53 j
300 Gould & Cur. 72 200' Union Con.l r*»«;
200 Gould A Cur. 70 2O0 Union Con.l 57 il
1700 Justice 14 200 Union Con 1M
1500 Justice IS 100 Utah 30
1500 Kentuck n5 100 Yellow Jacket 4S
100 Mexican 3 50 70Q, Yellow Jacket 49
100 Mexican 3 70 300 Yellow Jacket 42
200 Mexican 3 90(
TOXOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Mornlnjr Session,
Following were the tale* on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
1000 Brunswick .. 05 600 Ton Midway.. 41
400 Evelyn 25 1000 Ton N Star.. 32
100 Mont Ton..l 27 w. «00 Ton N' Star 30
100 Mont Ton ..125 200 Ton Superior. 50
600 Rescue O«
Afternoon SeeMon.
200 Eula Con ... 25 100 Ton Belmont. 71
600 Gold Anchor.. 28 HOO-Ton. Bflmont. 70
100 Mont Ton ..1 25 100»Ton of New 6 I'm
2SO Mont Ton..l 22 H 6«iO Ton N Star .12
2<X>0 Mont Ton ...1 20 300 Ton Superior* 56
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALLr' SATURDAY, JANUARY 9, 1904.
14
RAILWAY TBAVEL.
CALIFORNIA
LIMITED TO CHICAGO
LEAVES DAILY
at 0:30 a. su. through la 3 flayi,
with diner aad all trapplagra.
Other Santa Tm Trains:
7:f>0a. m. 1 for Stockton. FVeano, Ba-eraflsld,
9:.i0a. m. f utrcvi. Hanford and VUalla.
8:00 p. m.J
4:00 p.m. for Stockton.
8 :00 p. m. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
TICKET OFFICE — 641 Market St, and
Perry Depot. S. T. Alao 1112 Broad-
way. Oakland. Cal. 3? Booth Tint
St.. Saa Joie. .'
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LBSSEB >'
SAN FRANCbtU ANu NuBTH PACIFIC
SAiawAT co-CPAirr.
Tibnron Ftxxy, root of Market Stxeet.
SA2f ' FSANCZSCO TO SAW EATAEI^
WEEK DAYS — 7:30. 9:0O. 11:00 a. m. : 12:3*.
3:30. 0:10. 0:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. ~ -v
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:30 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30.
3:30 S:00 6:20. 11:30 p. rn.
SARSArAEL TO SAN PBAWC1SC0.
WEEK DAYS— 6:05. 7:35. 7:50. 9:^0. U:1S
a. m.: 12:50. 3:40. 5:00. 5:20 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:08 and 0:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 8:00. 9:40. .11:15 a. m.: 1:40. 3:40.
4:05. 6:05., 6:25 p. rn.
Leave j In Effect j ArriV»
San Francisco. I Sept. 27. 1903. |San,Francl«so.
Week I Sun- I Destina- j Sun- I Wee It
Days. I days. J tlon. I days. I Days.
_________ 9 : ioa «:40 1
» :3O a Irnaclo. 10:40 a 10:20 a
8-30p 3:3Op «:08 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 5:00 p "_ 7:35 p
7:30a 8:10 a 8:40a
8:00 a Novato, 10:4OalO:20a
3:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma R:0fi p 6:20 9
5:10 p 3:30 p and 7:33 p
C- 5 :00 p Santa Rosa.
7:30 a ¦ ¦" • 10:40 a 10:20 a
8:00 a Fulton. 7:35 p 6:20 p
8:30 p 3:30 p
Windsor.
7:30 a 8:00 a Healdsburr. 10:40 a 10:20 a
Lytton.
S:SOp 3:30 p Geytenrtlle. 7:35 p 6:20 p
Cloverdale.
7:.*U>a| 8:0Oa| Hopland. 110:40 a|10:20 a.
8:30 p| 3:30 p| and IHcUh I 7:35 p| C:2O p
7:30 a| 8:00 a| Wllllts. | 7:33 p| «:20~p~
7:30 al 8:00 al 110:40 a|10:20 a
i 8:30 pf 3:30 p| Caernerllle, I 7:33 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 at Sonoroa. I 9:10 al 8;46~a
5:10 Pi 5:00 p| Olen Ellen. I 6:05 p| 6:20 p
*7:30a| 8:00 at 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 pi 3:30 p| Sebastopol. I 7:3S pt 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Bra* (or San
Quentin; at Santa -Rosa for White Sulphnr
Springs; at Fulton for Altrurta and Mark West
Springs: at Lytton for Lytton Sprinxa; at Gey.
serville for Skasics Springs: at Cloverdal. tor
the Geysers Boonevllle and Greenwood: at
Hopland for Duncan Springs. Highland Sprlnri
Kelseyville. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakel
port and Bartlett Springs: at Uklah for'Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs. Upper Lake. Pomo
Potter Valley, John Day" «. Riverside. Llerly'a'
BuckneU'a Eanhedrln Heights. Hullville Orr'i
Hot Springs; Hallway House. Comptche/ Canii>
Stevens, Hopkins. Mendoclno City. Fort Bra»
Westport. Usal: at Wiillts for Fort BraaV
Westport. Sher— ood. Cahto. Co vello. Layton-
vtlle. Cuaimlnsrs. Bell's Springs. Harris, oi-
sen'a. Dyer. Garbervllla. Feppcrw ood. Scotia
and Eureka. '
Saturday to Sunday round-trip ticket* at rs-
duced rates. . :
On Sunday' round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.'
Ticket offices. 630 Market street. Chronlel •
building. '--¦¦
, H. C. WHIT1JJO. R. X. RTAX.
' . . "Gen. Managar. , Gen. Pass. Aat.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
-•Leave • Ti» SjnisliW fsrry Arrive
San Francisco f*s*.sf KsrtMfc > San Fran rise*
'Week Sb«- ; -fBBL Smv Wee*
f Pays." days _f_4o@K&_ di-i Dayv
•HMI»8:OOa tSSffflSmSk I5«O»f foTTOj
•1:45r »:OOa HB^ |» l:25r3:Sf>>-
6:15r 1O:OOa S:»Op A:AOp
11:00a W 4:fl«r •:•#»
___~. l:45r yff&flr 5:.10r
-^ «3:lftp •^•5 r
'- ' *»aa«et Tit* stsp fcr T. ' Mysss mt Tflk-
TICUT J 626 Maiut St-..(Nort>. Sl«re Railroad)
VflCB ) aad Savtsauto Fcaav, Foot Market Su
DEATH NOTICES.
Continued From Pasre Thirteen. ;
fal!y invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
• Sunday) at 2:30 o'clock rrom the residence
«.f her" *is=i*r. Mrs. l^alsa Duraind. W»
}• ercr Ftreet. thence by .•}:::<) o'clock train
lrrrm Valencia »nd Twenty-fifth etrects. In-
termrnt Holy Cro^s Cemetery.
XI1MKEN— In this cltv. January S. 1904 Ellen
MiHken beloved «!fe of th« late George
Milikcn. a rat'.ve of County Kerry. Ire-
land acfi SO years.
CyKriends and aennairtancee are resfieci-
fuilv Jnvitc<J to att«-i>4 the funeral serv.ces
tomorrow <Punda>». «t J o'clock at the
l-arloru of Vz!»-nte Marini & Co,. 1124 StocK-
ton street. Interment Holy Cress ceme-
tery.
MONNIN— In this city. January 7. 1904. E'i- ¦
I,hroy?n» Monnin «nee Chai-puls). «>e' ov ;f
vife rt John B. Monnin. mother of John J .
Monnin. «n>. C. K. Watklca and GeorKe J.
M.mnin. dauehter cf John R and •»»'•»"*
< happui>. and sifter ef F< lix. Mar>- and the
late -Pauline Cliapouis. a native of Buffalo.
N. T.. acd 53 year?, (liuffalo papers pleas*
CTTriend? are invit«d to attend the f'l-
reral trrvires Saturday, at » o'clock, at the
Notre I>am.- «-hurch. Bush street, where
mass nil! be said (or the iffose of her soul.
K-mains at the liartors or X. Gray Ar to..
:«." gutter ftreet. until S:3<> o'clock Satur-
day. '
MOnCAX— In Windsor. Cal.. January T. 1904.
Ueorge A. Morgan, beloved father of J. F.,
M. A. and May K. Morgan and Mrs. J. D.
J>avie?. a native of New York, aged *Si
\f«nt. * ,
Ct^Frier'J* and acquaintances are respect-
fully invl-.ed to attend the funeral services
;n-day <Sa.tarday» at 2 o'clock, at t*efu-
nrral'r«r'ors of liunker & L,unt. 2608 Mis-
sion street, between Twenty-Second and
Tv.cnt<"-third. Mi«siofi Masonic Tempie. ln-
terment private.
ilORIAKTV— In this city. January R. !!'•».
Mrs. Kliiabeih A., rfiict of the late John
J. Morisrty. and mother of John J.. Kugene
J. and L>avid A. Moriarty and Mis. J. Welph.
m native of Countv Kerry. Ireland. a*ed .«
>earf. A member of Third Order of St.
j r rtncit.
C?" Funeral Sunday. January 10. at 1
o'clock, from the parlors of McFadden. Mc-
Brearty & (Jrecn. 1171 Mission Ftreet. be-
tween Seventh and Kiehth. thence to St.
Boniface-R rhurch. Golden Gate avenue,
where Fervioe* will be held at 1:30 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
NTHAN— In this city. January 7. 1904.' Dan-
iel fon of the late Timothy and Mary Ny-
han of Portland. Or., a nalhe of St. John.
N. B.. aged 37 years.
OHM — In thts citv. January 7. 1904. Eli?a.
beloved wife of CJiailes L.. Ohm. and cousin
•if Mrs J. McConnlck. a native of Ireland,
iijted 75 years.
CTTriends ac<3 ac<juaintances are respect-
fully invitt-d to attend the funeral to-day
<Satur(!sy>. a! 8:.'M> oVlocl:. Irom her late
residence'. 1-71 Howard Ftreet. between
ICichth and Ninth, and thence to St. Joseph's
Church, wher? a requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her pouI, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock, and thence l>y electric fu-
neral car leavlns- nirhleenth and Guerrero
*tr*ets at 10:ir# o'ciock to Holy Ooss Ceme-
tery for interment. Please omit Hower*.
PKRQl'V- In the <'ity and Couniy Hospital.
January 1SWH. Arthur Ferquy, a native of
Belgium, aied £0 years.
IIAINEY— The final interment of the Iat»
.^an-.Ufl Rainey will take place Hunday. Jan-
uary 10. 1DO4. at 2 o'clock, from the chapel
nf Cyoress I-awn Cemetery.
ItVAN— In' this < ity. January 7. 1904. Ann.
b-loved wife of the late Charles Ryan, and
l>e!oved mother of Jobn Ryan and Mm. M.
J'leir.lnx. a native of County Kilkenny, Ire-
land, ared 7a >ears.
C^Fnend" and acauaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
• Sunday), at 1:13 o'clock, from her late
repidenct. 21 S Harriet street, between Har-
rison and Br;?nt. thence to St. Rose'g
church for services. Interment Holy Crof»
Cemetery.
RTAX — The final interment of the late Mrs.
Marparet H'»n. belovf-d wife of Michael
Hyan. and mother of Frederica Ixipan, will
take p'.ace .1 Holy Cross Cemetery Saturdo.
Jan-iary V. 1904, at 11:30 o'clock. Friends,
are respectfully invited. »
SCHADE-In this city. January S. 1904. Ru-
dolph C. beloved husband of jclizabeth J.
Schade. father of Dorothy E. Srhade, be,-
kneii eon of Rudolph and Msrie Schade.
and brother of Fr'd C. Guf«le C. and Tillie
M. Schade. a native of San Francisco, aged j
a» years 3 months and ". days. A member
yf Hrrwer;- Ur'ver?' I'nion No. 227.
CCTFnenjs and acquaintances are. respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow j
«Sundayi. Jt 1 ::!O o'ejock. from the parlor*
at McFadden. McBt*arty & Green. 1171 Mis-
sion street, between sV» - enth and Kighth.
crematmn at Odd Fellows' t'emetery.
SCliL'MACHKn— In thlt city. January 7. l»O4.
Geradus Schumacher, a native cf Holland,
aged Ut years.
SMITH— Tn Alame.la, January 6. 1904. Peter
H. Smith, beloved husband of Margaret
J=mith. father of Peter Henry Smith and
son of Mrs. Mary Smith, a native of Kan
Francisco, aged 29 years 1 month and 4
days.
TOMXET- In the City and County Hospital.
January y 1904. Michael Tomaey. a native
cf Ireland, ueetl Cl years.
L'PTON— In this city January R. 1904. Mary
A., widow of the late John P. Upton, and
beloved mother of Kliza M., Kdward P..
Verncn and Thomas B. I'pton. Mrs. D. M.
Hokee and Mrs. P. P. Hoin. a native o'
Salem. Ma?*., ap^d K5 years C months and
•"4 days. <Masrachusetts papers please copy.)
t-T Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral cervices
Sunday. January 10. 19O1. at 3 o'clock, at
the Park Conp-egrational Church. Haves
#>lrcet. betwee'n Lyon street and Central ave-
nue. Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
WELLENDORF— In this city. January 8. 1904
Gustave. beloved husband of Johanna Wel-
lendorf. t-on of Marie and the late Chris-
tian Wellf ndorf . and brother of Mrs. Dora.
Kuhn Mr*. Mary Goetx and Charles and J.
J. Wellendorf. a native of New Tork. age-d
42 ?y«rs 10 months and 14 days.
et~Friends and acquaintances are respect- .
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
< Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 135 Fillmore etre*t. near Waller. In-
terment Cyoress Lawn Cemetery.
WHALEN — In thl«"city. January 7. 19©4. Cath-
erine, wife of Joseph Whalen and sister cf
T.. P. J. and Michael Coakley and the late
Andrew Coakley and Mrs. Margaret O'Mera,
a native or Listroy, County Kerry, Ireland,
aged 44 years.
ICTNotice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors «t 3. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767
Mission street, between Third and Fourth.
i the North Western-
! Union Pacific Excursions
alfcrd unusual cprsortanitici tor. aa
ekOoomiLal aad satisficWry journey to
ChicagO"« d East
j t Excursions Every Da^ ]
I Personally conducted parties leavs
San Francisco every V/ednesday,
Thursday, Friday and Saturday.
Leave Los Angeles one day earlier.
Choice of routes. ;
For fill iaforsudoo apply to or adorns
R. R.; RITCHIE, S. F. BOOTK. j
General AjMt. Cen'l Ajmt Pa»> P^pt.,
Chicago A Nortia-WCTtera Rjr. Union Pacific R. R.
6 1 7 Market St. No. 1 Montgomery St.
SAN FXASCISCO, CAL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Train* leave h»<I Mr«du« t«» »rr» »• *t
>AN KKAXOISCO.
f Mala Lioe. Foot of Marltei Street )
7.00* V«c«Titlc Wlnier*. Kuiimey 7-55*
7.00* Benlcla. Sulsun. Elmirssad Sacrv
neniu 7.2W
7.30* Vallejo, N»p». CaMstOKs, 9aot*
i:««a. Manlnez. 3*n Ramoo 8.25*
7.30* J!h>s. LlTermore. Tracy. Latarop.
s:ock:on 7-25r
•.CO* IkMH Rxpreis— (VI* DavU).
wi|l!»m« (fur CartletC Spring*),
Willow*. tKruio. Utd UluiX.
roreisnd. Tscomn. Sesttle 7-Siit
• 00* O»»l». Wiwidland. Katjtbts Ljiding. ¦
Marysrilie. Oro»l!le 7.35*
833* Ton Coot*. Martinez. Ant!>a-'.>.
llyron. Tracr. Stockton. N'ew-
: man. Los Bnnus. »t«n<lota.
! Armoaa. llanr.ipl. Vtsaiis.
rorinrrlJIe ... «.25»
8-30* rori Coata. Marilae*. Tracy. LsrH-
T'i». Modesto, Merced. Presnow
Hoih^n Junction, flan ford.
Vliaiia. I»Aker«fle!d 4.55»
••30* Nlles. 8*n .lose. L'fermore. Si-ick-
to7^(fM!ltoa). !<»oe. Sacr«m«fnto,
riacerv!!io. MarysTi:i«. Chlco,
Kcd DlaT 42S*
130* Oak'lnle. Chinese. J«ine*towa. So
nor*. Tnolunvie aoil Aayeis 4 25*
S 00» AtlnntlcKx^res* — CHfJer. «od F.a«t. 11. 2i*
9.33* RIchmoBd, Martinez »ntt Way
fitatloas 8 55?
10 00* The Overl*ii<l Limited — ocdea,
l»«o»er. omah>, th:a;a 825'
10.00* Yallejrt 12.2jf
10.00* L«s Aait*\e* f*a*»cnsrr — Hurt
Costa. Martinez. lSyron, Tracy,
LAthrop. Htocktnn. .Mrrce-l,
: Kaymond. Frc»no. G..-h<-j Jnnc-
1 tton. H«nf.>rd, Lemoore. Vlsa.ta,
15j»Ser»flelil. Los A0ReI«s 7 25»
; If 00* Hay waril. Nlir »ar»(1 \V»y Stations. 3.2>?
EntriimentoltlTer S'efitnrr* Ml. 03*
J.30r B^nlcb*. IV In tor*. Sscraraento,
Wootllftnd. KiiUtKH I. n 'idliiir,
MarysTl!!e. Oro»:ile and way
! station* 1055*
I 3Jf0r Ha»war.l.N lies aad Way SUUoa*.. 7 5ji>
S 30r I'ort Cost—, Mart.Df*. Uyrun,
T racy, Lathrop, Moileiio,
Merc'eJ. Fresno an<l Way Sta-
tions beyond Port Co»ta 12-2SF
3C0f Mariinei. Traey. Stockinn. Lwli... 1025*
4 COr Martlnes.Ssn i:.tn<on. ValieJo.Kapa.
C»ll»toc*. Santj, rllosa 9 23*
4 OOP Kliea. Tracr. Stockton, f.o.ll 42Sp
.4J0r Uayward. K!!r«. Irrlazton. Saa t '8.55*
Jose. I.irorinore ) :11.55*
ECOp Tbf> Owl Limited— Ne*-»n. Lo*
r.tno*. M«»ri<ic»;a. Fre*no. Tular-j.
' naicertQeld. LosAofreles.
Golden SutR Ltinlieii Sleeper.
Oakland tn Los Angele*, fur Col-
ca«o. vlaC. K. I. *P S.53*
6.C0." Port Co«t%. Tr-vjr. Slocktna 12-25^
t5 3O HaTward. Si'nn and bin .lone 725*,
6-OOp Hayward. Niles and San .low 9.S5*
S-OOp Easter* Express— UfcJeo. Denver.
Umaba, St. Louis. Chicago aad
East. Tort Costa, Benlel*. 8ui-
»nn. Elmira. Davis. Sacramento,
Kwckltn. Auburn. Colfax,
Trnekro. Bnca. Iteno. Wm<l»-
worth. Winni-mucc* S ZSv
8. 00' Vallejo, dally, except Sunday.... I T ».
700r Vallejo, Sunday only f 4O9r
7.C0f hlrhmond. Han Pablr*. Port Costa,
MartlBex and Way 8tatiooa 11.23a
B.CBp Oregon 4s California Kxpreis— Sae-
raraeMto. ' MarysTllle. Reddloir.
Portland. Pnzet Sonnd aad East. 8-55*.
1.1 Or Bayward, Kile* aad San Jo«e(Sua-
COAST LI N E CUrn,- u_ag«).
(Koot of Market Street)
••15* JJewarS, Cent«rTllle. Sun Joso,
F«ltoa. Houiaer Creek. Cant*
Cms and Way Stations r S-51»
t2.15r Newark. CeBterrUlr. San Jose,
Hew Almaden. Lo» G»to*.FeUon.
Booider Crrek. Saata Cruz and
Prlocl»ml Way 8UUons r!8 55*
415p Riwart. SinJoif, Lo»&atos aad ) +«.55 4
waysutloas 1:1053*
«S30r Bnsters Train. Saturdsy only. Saa
Joae and Way Stations. Return-
In e from Lo« Oar on Pnnrtay only. t7 2S*
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
rrom SAM CltA.NClStO, toot of JJarket St. <3l!p«»
•— t::l» t:00 11:00*.*. 100 300 5.15i>.m.
From OAKLAND. Foot of Broadway — t«:00 tl'M
11:0a 10:00 a.m. 12 00 2 00 4.00 p.m.
COAST LINE (BrMd Uaacsv
t~~ (Third and f uwnnend 8tr«t!U.)
~ 6.10*. Saa Joaoaad Way Station*... t.SQr
7.00* Saa Jo*e aad War Btattons. 6-38S*
8-00* New Alraadea CTnes., Krid., oary), 4-ll#
SCO* The Coaster — Stops only San Jose.
Ullroy (Cbnaectlon for Bollli-
ter). Pajaro. Castrornie (eon.
neetloa to aad from - Moatcrey
and Pactfle Grove), Salinas. Saa
Arilo. Paso RoMes. Santa »J»r-
jfarlts. San Lula Ol>l»?o. prlactpal
iitatlons thence Snrf (coaneetloa
for Lompoc), principal atattaas
tbence Santa Darbara,San Bue m-
Teacara, Sanfrns. Los Angeles... 10. 41*
I. CO* San Jose. Tres Plnos, C» pi tola.
SuntaCrui.PaciacGroTf.^alliisi,
San Lais Obtspo and Principal
Way Station* ...; 4.19*
10.30* San Joso and Way Stations 1.28*
11-30* S*nt» Clara, ban Joae, Los Gatos
and War8tattoa* .7.3Q»
1-ZOr San Jose and Way Stations 8 i3*
HOr Del Monte Express— Santa Clara,
Eaa Jose, Dei Monte. Moaterey,
PaclSc Gror't (connects at Santa
Clara for Santn Crnz. Bonldar
Creek aad Narrow Gauge Poials)
at Gtlroy tor Ilolllster. .Tres
Plnoa. at Castrnrtlle for Sklraas. 12-15*
3-SOr Tres Pino* War Pa«»«ncer.. 1045a
4.30i* Ban Joae snd Way Stations fB.QO—
t5 00f baa Jose. (?!* Santa Clara) Los
Uatos. and Principal Way Su-
tlons (except Bnnday) t9 COa
ihZOr BanJoseandPrtnetpnlWayStftttoas J943a
••bOr BoDsft Limited.— Keriwood. Saa
Joae. G Ilroy. Salinas, Pano Kobl«a,
Saa Lo!a Obitpo. Saata Itnrhara.
I.oa Aneeips. IH-mlci;. El T*»G.
New Orlea»a. Hew York. «:on-
aects at Pajaro for Pant* Crnx
and at Ca«trovtll«> for Pac!9o
GroTesnd Way Stations 719*
HMSf EanUsteo,Beresrprd.Be!-oB(,8aa
Carlos. Redwood. Fair O*ks.
Menlo Park. Palo Alto t«.41«
f ?Cr K»a Joae and Way Station*. 6 34a
• 00f Palo Alto ««4 Way Stations^ 1U.1S-
il.iOr SuothsanFraneUco. Mfllnrae.Bur-
Uatraioe. Ssn Mateo. Belmoct,
Saa Carlos. Redwood. Fslr Oaks,
Meal* Part. «n4 Pa»« AIM* 9 45f
«11.30r Mayflrlil. Moaaula View. Sunny-
vale. Lawrrace. Santa Clara, and
San Jose t945l
A for Morning. i P for Aftarao-j*.
ISvaday exeepted. { j«nd»f onij.
a Satarday oaly.
I Slops at all stations oa SoaJay.
Pr"Only trains stopping at Valencia St. somhtoan
srfl:lf»*.M..7:00*.u., U:iO* M..3:.S0p,M., «:30r.x.*si
l:«y._. ¦ .
HCAZADERO, Eta
¦7-1* Sausallto Terry •
Suburban Set vice. Standdm laaujte _i«M:tr>u—
Depart from San Francisco Daily — 7:U> s:vu,
».(w 10:oa ll:0Oa. m.. 12:20. 1:43. a:l3. *:!».
6 15 «:13 7:00 &:«&. 10 .'JO. 11: J5 p. m.
i >ROM SAN* RAFAEL TO SAX FRANCISCO
—Dally— 5:25 «:35. 7:40. S:;i5.»:35. lt:U a.
I m.. 12:20. 1:43 2:53. 3:45. 4:43, 6:45 «;«.
' K'4.3 10:20 p. m. •' - . .
i 'from mill valxj:t ts sax kran-
ClSCC»— Dally— 5:43. «:5A. 7:52. 8:5."V. u-.iz.
11-20 a. m. i::3S 2:00. 3:15. 4:03. ft:05. «:u3t
7:03 »:00. J0:35 p. m.
, V? THKOUOH TRAINS.
I *:00 a rn. dati> — Cazadero ami way stations,
i B:)3 p. rn. week day* iSaturdays «xcepted>— •
Tommies and way stations.
3:13 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way «u-
lions * ¦ • -I
Sundays oaly— 10 a. m.. Po'.nt Reyia aa4
way stations. 1!ia "V B "" M r*™'a il " l **ap**__taB_Ba_l
. TICKET OFFICE— «2S Market st.
1 ITCRRT — Union Decot. foot of Markst A.CHICAGO, Jan. 8.— Easier cables and - an
advance in consols caused the selling . of - con
siderable lonr wheat: at the opening to-day
and Initial sales were at a loss . from yester
day" s close. May- being -%@l4o to: \@7sc
lower at S6Va(S S8"ic Nearly evenbody had
wheat for sale and .the demand was email.
The sentiment soon changed, however, and ; a
better " demand developed. - One of the- main
causes of the reversal of sentiment was news
trom Argealloa: reporting that rains were
Chicago Grain Market.
- The Potato market was . quite active and
firmer all around..' Salinas and On?so'n "Bur
banks were ¦ welt > cleaned "out-" of first ¦ hands
and : the " demand • for, rivers.'- was more . active
In cons.equence." -, Some dealers were asking
90c per cental/ but no sales were reported at
that figure. -"-No -fresh Sweets came in and
choice lots of ' carrled-over I stock :. met , ¦ with
ready : sale" at • firmer . rates. There were no
Onions received and the market' ruled firm at
the ' previously quoted rates. .. : - . :.
Receipts-, of all^.dtscriptlonn ct . Los . Apgelcs
vegetables, , Peas excepted, - have • been <• -Very
light of late owlnz to the. lack of rain In the
growing districts, and prices have been stead
ily advanelnjr.7" Only three sacks of Beans
came in : yesterday and •- were quickly snapped
up at firm prices. * Less than 50 crates of To
matoes came' In and a* > they were wanted for
shipment prices were firmer. •;; Egg Plant and
Green Peppers brought good prices, and some
dealers were asking 12c per pound for the lat
ter. " : Ft&a were ¦" the t most i plentiful descrip
tion, and the top price was obtained only
for Coachella stock. ' The > top • price- of Los
Angeles ; stock, which constituted ¦ the bulk of
the - supplies, was 5c. i>er • pound. •- Mexican
Tomatoes * were still offering -at 75c0$l per
box. but ' moved slowly, as they ' were poor.
• POTATOES — Burbanks from the river. ' 70©
85c per ctl; Salinas Burbanks. $1 25{?1 45 per
ctl; Oregon Burbanks, 90cG?l 10 per ctl; River
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
LAMBS — 4H65c per Ib.
HOas— Live Hogs. 140 to ISO lbs. SUO&Hc:
over ISO lbs. 5c; soft Hogs. 4Hc; sows. 2O per
cent off; Boars. 60 per cent 'off. and' Stags. 40
per. cent off from above quotation*.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered In San Francisco, less 50
per cent shrinkage for Cattle: ¦ -^j^-Hi
CATTLE— Steers.* g£9c: CBwa'an* Heifers.
7SScrthln Cows. 485c p«r lb. .- •¦
;. CALVES— 4©4^c per lb (gross weight).'
¦ SHEEP— Wethers. 3?4«4c; Twes. 3&«8Hc
per lb (eross weight). • '
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to> dealers
are as^follows: ' . ¦ . ¦; .
' liEEF— «%e;TV4c for Steers and ftgOHc per
lb for Cows. - ¦• • •- - • • ¦ •• . - -
;.VEAL— Large. 88 Sc; smalL •S10o per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. S'jS^c: Ewes. 7©8%e
per lb. " . " • , - - - -¦* • - ' ¦
LAMB— 014010c oer lb» ¦ . -
PORK— Dretsed Hogs, IQ&Kc per lb. "
. .' LIVESTOCK MARKET.'
. The local packers are now paying 5^ jc for
Hard grain fed Hogs, which are scarce. Soft,
acorn fed -are. weak and not wanted. Other
wise there is no change. ~ 9
" DRESSED MEATS..
Meat Market.
NEW TORK. Jan. Si— There tv*s a dull and
tin!xnpcru.nt stock market to-daj-. without sen
sations and without marked features. An
easier feeling ever tne Far Eastern outlook : ( =d
the promise of a large replenishment of bank
ing recem-es to be saown by to-njorrow'« bnrk
statement was the impelling; cause of *.:ie slow
rise. The best prices of the day werema-lo In
she Isjst hour and the closisff was fairiy
and Mar the top price*. Actual' newa on- th»
war. rituaucn was meager and there was no
deep tested conviction that hostilities -sr^ild be
averted, but the possibility of * quick change
Jn the situation &nd ths ixsportast lnSueace
mhich would be caused by each m. chanse in
tfuced f rc.it cautics in tradicg tn any assump
tion that war wa» inevlUble.- Tbf fcrpcasu, of
the weekly movement of currency- premise a
Cain In cash of between $10,000,000 and ?12.
000,000. Of this estimated sairi cuc-qucrttx tir
le*s reeuJt* from sub-treajfury,operatloas,,iip
dudlng receipts cf foreign cold ay»d the mcr*y
that h&s been received from . Interior, .points.
The expectation ts scneral thattbe loan, item
V.-.I1 show a further substantial expansion.- but
so large an increase In the basis for crcdita
deprived that froti^ect or any"a»tifrttnj power.
Money vu very easy to-oay for all, terms of
loa&s and call meney became almost a drug in
the rnark'n at 2 per cent, a condition not *een
ca a Friday for mar.y months. The, epeculaticn
in Amalgamated Copper continued .Very active
and that stock rebounded from early depre*slnn
to 1*« over last night. The figures of the-De
center • export* cf copper, . which were. ¦ the
largest for fifteen months past, started the re
covery. Copper vat- strong 1 in London and
there wu a further rise In the price of copper
to the domestic market. Rumor* were current
of a larar* «tie effected above the market, end
<ju<ned trade opislonx were hopeful. United
6 L** 1 •""«**¦«** was iarrely traded; In
and urtea a point, and hopeful views were ex
pru»*<l of the outlook Jn the trade and the
character or U» bujrlc* of the stock. The sot-
New York Stofk Market.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days. ... — $4 92^4
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 S5%
Sterling exchange, cables: — 4 86»»
New York Exchange, eight .... — 10 •
New Tork Exchange, telegraphic. — 13
Silver, per ounce . ....;., ........ — 67%
Mexican Dollars, nominal 44 Q 45 -
Wheat 'and Other Grains.
WHEAT — Was quieter all over the world,
with an easy feelin*. Bradstreet's gave the
exports from this country for the week. Flour !
included, at 3,3C?,{)0p bushels, against 5,100,000,
last year. : * " ' . : '
Chicago advanced, somewhat, but fell back.
The trade was very bearish on the belief that'
the war. scare had been about discounted and
dealers ' wer> ' disposed - to • sell on tire bulges.
Cables from the Argentine said that harvest
ing was making' favorable" progress, but -that ¦
the labor strike at Buenos Ayres was Impeding
shipments 'seriously. Minneapolis reported a
rood caeh demand. The Modern Miller re
ported winter Wheat welt rooted, -but with a
very small top growth above. ground. A large"
portion of It waa snow-covered. •' >¦
. Indications of rain lowered ' futures in this
market, but -the- catM ' eraln ; remained un
changed.- •:"".' • "•
CASH WHEAT.'
California • Club. ' f i'S7li01 40; Callfofcft
White 'AWstrallan. $1 50®l C2H:' Northern Club.
$1 40(31. 41 U: : Northern Blueetem $13.0©
1 61% :". Oregon Valley. .: $1 40. •'- • ' ->
- ; ¦ . '• ."""r .FUTUHES;,- •'
' - Session 0 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. • High. .-.. Low. Close.
May :....:..n S9H ; 1.1 39}i $137% $1 37%
. ' - - ; - ¦¦'.' 2, p. . m. Stsaion. j
Open. ¦ Hif h. : ' Low. Close.
May -.:.-. --.$1 38*4 -$1-38%' H $1*3894 $1 38% ;
'BARLEY — The only "change yesterday was a
decline id futures, due -to indications of tain.
Trade, continued quiet. 1 ; . r. .
: CASH . BARLEY. '
.' Feed," • $1 10^11 13»<i ; Shlpplns; and Brsw
inr. II 1301 20; Chevalier, Jl 20©l 45 tor fair
to choice. ¦^-¦** 5 'S&fajflMlt|M| ' . ".
¦ FUTURES.
Sms Ion 9 to 11 :30 a. m.
, s .". ~ Open. .; High. . - Low.- Close.
May ........$1 06U U Ottli $1 04% $l.O4%
1 -- , > . 2. p. m." Session.' - L
May-— $1 05»i.- - ¦¦:¦¦¦¦¦ ¦¦
- • OATS— -Dealers continue to report a Brm
Beans and" Seeds continue quiet, with the
former very firmly held. -
BEANS — Bayos. 12 xr>(tf2 50; Pea. $3 25: But
ters «-i; small White. $2 35<33: large White,
$•> 4062 CO: Pink. J2 f5^2 80; Red. $3 50© 4;
Lima. $333 15; Red Kidneys. $4 25; Black
eyp S202 15 Pe' Ctl: Horse Beans. $1 5002..
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $.1: Yellow Mus
tard- $2 65©2 80: Flax. $1 SO01 00; Canary.
tesUc for Eastern: Alfalfa.' 11014c: -Rape.
l»l(fT2c: Timothy. 0e«%c; Hemp. .'.>¦:; «;;J« c per
lb: Millet. 3©3%c; Broom Corn Seed. $20®2S
per ton. - : r >
Beans and Seeds.
EA r APORATED APPLES— The tone of . the
marke* it -firmer. Common, 4©5c; -prime.. 6Kc:
choice. 544«J0Ho; fancy. .«HO7c. --v.i ; . #.,
PRUNES — Are firmer and nrmly held on the
coast, although local dealers are* Inclined to
make concessions. Quotations. 3%c. ¦ ¦
APRICOTS— Small stock of apricots make
firm 'ton*. Choice. 9U©9%c; extra choice; i)%
«»10Uc; fancy. ll@15c. • •- ' :
PEACHES— Steady; choice, 7»-i@T*ic; extra
choice. 79i©8Uc^ fancy, S^4610Kc/
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK. Jan 8.— FLOUR— Receipts.
15.S00; exports, 12.000 barrels; market less
active.
WHKAT — Receipts, 1,500.000 bushels; spot^
easy; No. 2 red, $1 elevator; No. 2 red,; 94 V4©
05c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth, SOc
f." o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Manitoba nominal
f. o. b. afloat. Options opened weak, remained
unsteady; all day, closing unchanged. May
closed W0?v«. July closed 87 1 >«c. > •» -
HOPS— Firm.
HII3ES— ™-F*lnn- • , -¦" •\ y j ¦• \ *-¦-, - : *'¦ *^ »'
WOOL— Firm
PETROLEUM— Firm.
COFFEE— Spot Rio. firm? No. ' 7 , Invoice,
7S-ltic; mild, firm. The market closed flrm
at a net advance of 15 < g23 points." Sales,
12.500 bags, including: January. 7.10o; March,
7.1'5c; May. 7.40«7.45c: iuly. 7.9037.95c ; -Sep
tember, 7.0CK? S. 15c; October, 7.05£Sc; Decem
ber. 8.15®8.30c.
SUGAR— Raw, nominal; fair refining. 3c;
centrifugal. 9ti tcftt, 3VSc; molasses sugar, 2%c;
refined, Quiet.
New York Grain and Produce.
Aaami.Con :V.... MfLJtU* Chief M
Alice .... -V.... , f 25jOntartq. ...........$ 00
Breece , 10 Ophlr..' fco
Brunswick -Con ... 'C5 Potosl....... ;.;... ¦*•«
Corostock Tunnel.. 06 Savage ; ....... ¦ s«
Con Cal ft.Va, 2 W Sierra Nevada. ... s»
Hern Silver *...... 1 05 Small Hopes ...... 20
Iron -Silver 1 25 Standard ...... ,.-.i oo
LcadriU* Cob — •«' <» , .- • , .-
tEW . YORK MIKINO STOCKS
U 8 ref 2s rcg.. 105 »i| Louis ft N uni 4s. 99
Do wop 105% Manhattan c g 4*.102ii
DoSf'rtg 105»i ilex Cent 4s 6»=i
'Do coup .. ....10«H I Do 1st Inr 13*4
Do n^»- 4« reg.VO Minn & St L 4s. 87 -
Do ecu:* ...... 133»4 M K ft T 4s :.,. 97
Do eld 4s-r« > K.107H : T>o 2ds ........ 73
Do coup 1OTW X.R.R of M c 4s. 75«4
Da 5s re.e .....101% N T Cent g SUs. 97%
Do coup .....TI01H K J Cent g 5s. ..I29*i
Atcislson gen -is.. 09 ¦ Nor Pacific 4s ...102%
Do adjt 4s £7 Do 3s .' . . . 70%
Atlantic C L 4S. 94%. Nor & W c 4s... furs.
Balto & O 4* 101 . OS L 4s. ft Par. 02
Do 3^8 .: 93^ Penn conv 3%s.. 85U
Cent of Ga &S...104 . Heading Gen 4s.. 93-
Do 1st Inc .... C« St L & I.M-c 6fl.lllT4
Ches ft O 4»i«.. l<r'% St L & S F tz 4s OVA
Chi ft Alton 3V»s. 75 St L S W lsts...' V>G
C B ft Q n 4«.-. 91 ' Seaboard A L 4s. 67
C M ft S P g 4..108* So Pacific 4b ... 88''
CM 4 N W c 7s. 131$, So Railway 6s... lmi
CRIftPRR4s «*$*i Tex ft Pac lsts.H5%t
Do col Cs 74' Tol Et L ft W 4s. 70H
CCC&SL*4s S5^ Union Pacific 4s. 100%
Chi Term 4s .... 80 Do conv 4s . . . . B6U
Con- Tobacco 4s. K5U V S Steel 2d 6s. 70>i
Colo ft So 4s .... 87^4 Wabash lsts H4U
Denver * R O 4s. 97^i Da Deb B ... <n«T
Erie prior lien. 4s. 87% Wheel * L E 4s. 89
Do Ocn 4« ....84' Wls< Cent 4s .; S5W
Ft W.ft D C lsts.Ite% Col* F ft lcU.es,
Hocking Val 4^8.105 . . , , ••
Common, bid Z%, acked S"i ; preferred, bid
J2%,-a.«W<l -^H. , *-
NEV. r YORK BONDS. '.
AMERICAN CANNING COMPANY.
LOCAL MARKETS.
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about *-'Slc unde.r quotations. Heavy halted
Steers. Oc: medium. Sc: light. "He;' Cow tildes.
• V-e for heavy and 7%c for. light; Stags, 5c;
Salted Kip. 9c: Falted Veal. 10c; Salted Calf,
lO^c: dry Hides. I515ie«: dry Kip, 13c; dry Calf,
18c*; Sheepskins, shearling", 2ZQ3oc each; short
Wool 40000c each: medium. 70990c; tons
Wool. $101 50: Horse; Hides, salt, *2 75 for
large and $2S2 50 for medium. $1'25<01 75 for
. araall and 00c for . Colt*. Horse Hides, dry.
$1 75 for large and $1 M foe meiluffi. *I£1 23
for small and SOc for Colts. Buck Skins — Dry
Mexican. 31c: dry salted Mexican. 25c: dry.
Centra! American. 31c. Goat. Skins — Prime An
goras. 73c: large and smooth. 5Cc: medium. 35c;
email. 2O
TALLOW— No» l rendered. 4^c per lb; No.
2. 4c: grease. 2U«3c. • - ••-¦
WOOL — Fall clip — San Joaquln Lambs'. 09
lie: Middle County. ll«12c: Northern Free.
116 12c:. Northern Defective. 10«*llc: Humboldt
and Mendocino, 12314c:~ Nevada.- 13915c; Oro
gon fine; :s#l3c: Oregon medium. 17e per lb.
HOPS— 3>824o per lb for CmllfornJa.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Jan. 8.— Wheat— Walla Walla,
S4c; bluestem; 70@S0c: valley, 78c.
WASHINGTON. . '
• TACOMA. .Jan. S. — Wheat — Unchanged.
Blutstem, 80c; club, ?*c.
Northern Wheat Market.
FRIDAT. Jan. *— 2 p. tn.
CNITED STATES JE5ONTJ3. '.'
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup..l07UlC«»4 4s qr cp newl-XIli 1.1411
is qr res ..1O7HIO8% .Is qr coup.. 106*4104
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
aI& A \7 Os. — — !O T Co es..lt« —
Bay tPC 6s.101\;102H; Do 5* ....107« —
Cal C O 5». — lC6t,! Do eon 89. — lot
Cal C ft E g Oceanic 3 5a. — T5
m & ct 5s. — — r>m Cab!« n» 121 l*t
Cal-st 5s ..U+ — Pac GtmUK 1«O
C C Wat 5s. — 100 P E Ry .'.*. try \ —
Ed L * P«te.l2O — P & C H es.ldSH —
F & C H ««. — 117 P ft O R «i. - 117t$
Oeary-st 5s.. 45H 80 PowelJ-st ««-113\; —
H C&S 5H«.1O4 — SE GAR 5s. — 100'i
H C A S 5a. — 100 J»F & SJY5-..U7t4 —
Hon R T es.105 104 S R of C ti.- .1121, _
L A Elec 5s. — — S P of A 6s
L A Ry B«.112H — ffDtt» 104'il05i;
L A L CO «s. — — (1910> — 1061*
Do gtd *». — — S P of C 6s
DO ftd 5s. — 104tf n90S>Sr A.103 104
I>AP lem 58.100 102 (19C5)Sr B. — \<*v,
Mkt-st C 69.115H — aOC«> KHH103
Do lem Sa-imillS <13I2) 115H -^
NRR of C6S.104H — SPC 1 eg 5s. — 1I7S
Do 5» 115 — Do strnptLlOTUlrW**
N P C R 5«. — 1WJ4 S P B R 6a. — J34
N C R 3e.. — 112 S V W «s..l06 —
N C P C 5*. — 101 Do4s 2dm. Q*\ POV^
X 8 R R 5a. M 1C0 Do 4<t Ma 0S*i W4
O.O t H 5S.107X — Stkn G&E «¦ — MO
O W gtd 5s. — 1C0 IT O & E 5s. — 105
'_ ;¦,,¦¦• •'- WATER STOCKS.- „ ...
Contra' Costa — ' 41 I Port Ccsta. . — —
Marln Co . . — O is 7 W Co. 3^^ 4O .
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent'L * P. 3%. — S F G * E. 54«4 S4%
Mutual B L. — — Stkn G & E. 5 —
Pac L Co.. K»4 — U G ft E.. — »•
Sac.E OAR— —
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
S F O ft R 54 55U|
INSURANCE.
'Firem's Fad325 35tt t
BANK STOCK3.
Am'Xtl Bk.120 123 L P ft A... — 170 •
Anglo-Cal ..85 91 Mer Trtsst .. — 232^
Bank of CsX — <•» Merch Ex . . — —
Cal Safe Dp.145 150 3 F Nation!. — —
First Nation! — —
SAVINGS BANKS. »
Ger S ft L- — ' 2275 Sav & L So. — 109
Hum 8 * L. — — Src Sav Bk.ri75 473
Mutual Sav.lOO lift Union T Co. — — "•
S F Bar U.WW 700
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..190 203 | Presidio* .... M 41^
...... poWDER.
Giaat • «3 ea^lVlgorit — 4%
SUGAR.
Haaa P Co. — — KUauea S C. — 5
Hawaiian C. 4Hi 44 Makawell C 22 •3»i
Honokaa S C 12U — Onomea S C. —
Hutch SPC C SH Paauhau S C — 1H5
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska PA.— I3fi% Oceanic 3 C — —
Cal F C A. «% »* Pac Aox FA-5 .5X4
Cal Win* A. — M Pac C Bora.lS? —
Morning Session.
15 Alaaka Packers' Asrn Ii5 62',
50 Alaska Packers' Assn ...l.tSSS
$5 OOO Bay Counties Power Co 5 pr ct.101 So '
5 California Wine Assn 93 75
30 Hawaiian Commercial ft Sugar. 44 0O
215 Honokaa .; 12 00
Stock and Bond Exchange.
SEATTLE, Jan. 8.— Clearings. $633,910;
balances. S221.101. . .• , ,
TACOMA. Jan. 8. — Clearings. $323,336;
balances. ?G4.6S0. ,
PORTLAND. Jan. 8.—^Clearing-. $562,057;
balances, $43,278. • •
SPOKANE. Jan. 8.— Clearings, $384,147;
balances, $41,299.
Northern Business.
COTTOLENT. — One half barrel, 8%c: thru
half barrels. 81ic: one tietce. 8»»c: two tierces.
8Hc; five tierces. S9»c per lb.
Chicago was weak on the day. The 'packers
have loaded up the outside buyers.
This market Is well supplied with Hams,
Bacon and Lard and Is quiet, with quotations
unchanged. ' .' ' . . ' y -
CURED MEATS — Bacon, ll%o per Ib for
heavy. 12c for " light medi|im. . 14c for light.
14V-C for -xtra light. ISc for sugar-cured and
2Oc"for extra wugar-cured; Eastern sugar-cured
Hams, lie: California Hams. 13}i©13»Ac: Mess
Beef $11 50 nee bbl: extra Mess. $12612 50:
Family, $13: prime Mess Pork. $17; extra cleat
$24: Mess. $10; Dry Salted Pork. 12e: Pig PorV
$28; Pigs' Feet. $3 25; Smoked B»ef. 13c per lb
LAR1>— Tierces quoted at 7%c per lb for
compound and $>c for pure: half-barrels, par*.
9Uc; 10-lb tins. 0?;c; 5-lb tins. 0?&c; 3-lb tins.
10c.
Provisions.
ST. LOUIS,.- Jan. S. — Wool — Nominal grades*
combing and clothlnic, 17(S21c: light fine, 15®.
17>ic; heavy fine, 126 % 14JAc; tub wanned,- 20
esic. . ¦¦ ¦¦¦ •¦ -. - -
St. Louis Wool Market.
The North Yakima (Wash.) Republic prints
a report that the Russian Government has been
looking for 30,000 tons of Hay along Puget
Sound, presumably to be shipped to Manchu
ria. -to -be used In the event of a Russo-Jap
anese war. The paper, sees on to say that the
order could not be tilled at Seattle, but that
Portland had sufficient, supply to fill it. It
will be remembered that about a fortnight ago
The Call printed a rumor that the Russian
Government was nosing. . about Oregon and
Washington • for large supplies of Barley, Oats
and . Hay,- but the rumor could not be sub
stantiated at that time. Since then, as al
ready mentioned, Russian agents have been
buying large line of. Alfalfa Hay in Nevada In
1000-ton lots, and under their purchases the
price ha a advanced from $5 to $15 per ton.
It may be that the Russians, falling to secure
¦upplies In Oregon and Washington, have gone
to Nevada for them, which would explain th>i
situation. The Hay market ls very, firm all
over the coast, and what with the Russian'de
mands up north and prospective demand from
Southern California later on. together with a
large and continuous demand en the San Fran-
Cisco market for interior. California points, the
market -Is steadily rising. Unless we get gfcod
soaking rains very shortly there Is no knowing
where Hay will ko to. .
F«edstuffs Continue v«>ry firm, with offerings
meager and the demand active.
BRAN— *10 5T>S20 &O per ton.
MIDDLINGS— «28 30©2S CO per ton.
SHORTS— $19 •DCS2O 50 per ton.
FEEUSTUFFS— Rolled. Barley. $23 50024 50
per ton: Oil Cake Meal at the mill. $27^28 50;
lobbing. $2tX3".O: Cocoanut Cake. $21022; Corn
Meal $28 50S29 50: Cracked Corn. $29@30;
Mixed Feed. $22@23: Horae Beans. $3O@40 per
tdn"" " "~ ; " '•" '** ' '" * ¦"' '¦'¦ '
HAY — Wheat. $14«n~" 50: Wheat and Oat.
mine to: oat. 8i4«i«: wild oat. $13914 so;
Barley $12@14: Stock nominal — none here; Al
falfa $12®1S 50 per ton. ' . ¦
STRAW— OOfflGCc per bale. uMiM
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Barley Export Movement.
' In December. , 1903, the experts of Barley
fro.-ri Fr«nc:sco by sea w.-re as follows: 1
To — Centals. W_rues.
Orear Br.tain 474.2W $i/>1.2fts 1
•Australia S3.V10 47.C54 |
HawBilsn I«land« 2S.00W 32,7>a
Tahiti 331 410
Japan 201 2ti5
«>r,trsl America 113 • 25<;
ilexiL-c 57 72
Totals 535.05S $6T2,0C4
In Dcceir.ber. l'X!2, the experts mere ;'..V.r.'.7
«-«-ta!s. valued at $4l»"7.05C. la that month
r:2.257 cT.tals went to Great Britain, and 100.-
CS3 eentala to Australia. Last month there
¦u<??» nine whel* or part cargoes cleared for !
«;r«af Britain asd one for Australia, against
nve for Great Brtttia and three for AustraJla
!n Der^nber. 1302. -, - •
The followinff shows the monthly shipments
rt Barley from fan Francisco by sea during
130." :
Months— Centals. Values.
' January 152.312 $1*7,454
r>I>raary . . .- JW.5S2 1 120. I<>>
March 7UW7 m,337
Arrtl 23.177 33.«42
M*y 41.360 47.S43
June :.. 77.450 S5.1S2
July *2.t31 Stl.KU
August 705.2SS S34.C20
jj»eptenibej- 707.273 S»44.«19
• •ctober .'. . 1.O78.RS3 - 1.353.134
November :cn.23J» 4I2.0OO
December .v;r. :Cs <T72.0o4
Totals 3,91\742 $1,775,714
In thp experts in 1002. including the quanti
ties sent to the Hawaitsn Islands after June
1. were 3.a33.O3S centals, valued at $4,400,300.
Ehlpinents to the Hawaiian Islands were not
records crtor to June 1. but alter that date
the etati«tic» were resumed by the Govern
ment, Th« shlrmect? to t*e same from June
1 to December 31 were 28o,&01 centals, valued
at J".-! --t '¦
Weather Report. .
<12^th Meridian — Pacific Time.>
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 8—5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal' rainfalls to
cat*, as cotniared - with those of the same
dhie last s^skou and rainfall' in last twenty-
La« TTils Last
Stations — 2* hnyrs. Season Spbsoti
Eureka 0.0S lS.fil 22.C^>
Re<l Bluff Q.(**> 12.59 13.51
hacramtato rt.Oo 4.82 , «i."l
!=in Fr&r.c:sco Trace «.2O 6.15
Fresno 0:00 O.IiO 3.31
Indeper<ieDce O.no . 0.42 . O.83
.^a.:; LViK Ofcispo 0.G.V .O.J62 5. CO
1> 5 -Ar-.g»"l»3 -v O.O0 " O.4.V 4.97
bitn Diego O-.0Q 0.40 ti.CO
TUE COAST RECORD.
= 2 S w ' • 2 t
£ ??« £=¦ 5= 3
: • ; '• ' \
B*k»r C3.8S US 24 t^E Cloudy , .0!)
• arson 30. C2 82 10 SB Pt.Cldy 1O0
E^rtk* ,.30.20. 52 JVt Ti "Cloudy .*&
Farallon ' SO. 12 M .. IfW . Pf^Cldy .02
•Fros-.o 30.08 58 32 XW Pt.Cldy .00
Flagstaff 29. 00 2S 20 SW Cloudy .40
Pocatello .:.:.$0.«> U« 22 HE Clear .<«
Independence .2a.8S S2 3<J W Cloudy .00
Loe Ange!e« ..^0.0« <;* . 40 S <Hear .00
Stt. TamaipaisnO-fni 54 44 KW Pt,Cldy T.
Xorlh Head... 23. 94 50 4S KW Cloudy .2<;
PhoenU ......30.0* t2 32 SE- Ctaady .12
Point Reyes ..:*O.O4 f>4 4S. KW Clear .00
Portland". 23. 3S M 34 W Cloudy .1*
Bed Bluff S0.1U 52 34 .S .- Clear .0i)
Rr**buri? 3<U6 H2 30 NW Bain .22
Sacramento ..30.0* 52 SS E CJoudy. .00
Salt Lake ....3rt.O< 21 12 .NW Cloudy. T.
•San Franc if cu. W. 12 M 44' W Pt.Cldy T.
S. L_ ObUpo. .;*0.O6 «4 -{2. , W -Clear- • -00-!
San Dieco 30- "8 60 48 S • Cloudy.- .00
K»att!e 23.72 54 44 SW .Pt.Cldy .OfJ
Fpckaae 2TK5S 4« 35 S Cloudy .00
¦Walla Walla.. 20. «i 52 3S SE Cloudy T.
•Wirr.eiaucca .:>».O2 34 4 PW ClcQdy .t0
Y»rf^ 2S.9S CB 4S S Clear .00
• WEATHER CONDITION? AND GENERAL
FOHECAST..
Th* pressure has fallen rapidly over the
Rocky aiountaia region. A disturbance of some
depth and large area it moving eastward over
the northern half of the country- High south
erly winds on the coast north of Capo Blanco
' have changed to hijh northwesterly.
. Rain baa fallen from San Francisco north
ward and there is general cloudiness over the
entire Pacific Slop*.
The following maximum wind velocities are
reported: N/orta Head, <X> ir.iles per hour from
tb« eocth; Seattle. 44, from the south; Eu
reka. 25, narthwe?t.
Forecast made at £aa Francisco for thirty
boors «r.din» midnight, Jaauary •:
Northern California — Cloudy and unsettled
weather Saturday, probably light ruin; brisk
BorUiwest winds.
Soutliern California — Cloudy and unsettled
wemtaer Saturday. possTbTy •• showers; fr»sh
•outhertx winds.
Ncr»£a— Oouiy Saturday; cooler.
San Fraririseo and vicinity— Cloudy s.r.d un
¦^ttled weather Saturdar. probably light rain;
fcrisk northwest winds.
x A. G. McADIE. I>:strict Forecaster.
CHICAGO. Jan. '8.— CATTLE — Receipts.
3000. Slow and weak: Good to. prime steers,
?ri.ftj C5;.4}oor to. m<Hllutn,'-f3 .~Ofi t CO; stockers
and ffedern, .12 ."i.>5-*. 25; -cow». fil 7.".@-i 25*:
heifers. $284.50: canners, $1*7562 40; bulls,
$2<|4 30; calves, $3 5C®7 25. . ; . . -
HOGS — Receipts to-day. 3.1.000: 'to-morrow,
20,000. -Mixed and butchers", $4 «5©5 02t£;
good to choice heavy. ?4'nf*rff5 05: rough heavy
$4«0«4 PO; light. $i 5<JS* "0; bulk, of sales,
f4 'lOdU 90. . . , , .'. ., ¦ .'¦
SHEEP— Receipt"-. SC£O....Slj?ep and lambs,
steady. Good to choice wethers, $4 1&5?4 50:
fair to choice-- ¦mlx'edV $3 25@4 -00; • Western
sheep, $3 -_t.34 .""; native lambs, ?»BU SO;
Western lambs, ?5 2."i:ij 20.
CHICAGO.
Eastern Livestock Market.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $4 GOO
4 S5. usual terms: Bakers' Extras. $4 SOJH CO:
Oregon and Washington. S3 90W4 20 per bbl for
Family and $3 00S4 4Q for Bakers'.
M1LLSTUFFS— Prices in packages are as
follows: Graham Flour. $1 25 per 10O lbs*;
Rye Flour. $3 23: Rye Meal. $3; Rice Flour,
$7; Corn Meal. $t 25: extra cream do $4; Oat
Groats. $4 5«: Hominy; S«?4 25; Buckwheat
Flour. $4 6064 75; Cracked "Wheat $-1 75: Fa
rina v $l 50; Whnl* Wheat Flour. $3 50: Roll»<i
Oats bble. $T tS^S 60; In sacks, ?6 75g3 10;
Pearl Barley. $6; Split. Peas, boxes. $7; Oreen
Peas. $5. SO per 100 lbs.
Flour 'and Milts tuffs.
NEW., YORK, Jan. 8.— The cotton market
closed very steady, at a. net rfse 'of 23. to 23
points above the lowest of the day. >
New York Cotton Market.
FRUIT — Apricots. 7^«O%c for Royals asd »
@llc tor Mocrparks: Evaporated Apples. 49
6>,ic: sun-dried. »84c: Peaches. 4f|6*je; Pear*,
tt&lec: Nectarine*. 4Q5>3c; Figs, white. 4$4 f J t e
In boxes: black. 4Uc; Plums, pitted, tgOc per
pound. '"
PRUNES— 1903 crcp. 2Vi62%c for the four
sizes. '
RAISINS — F. o. b. prices. Fresno, for 1903
crop: 5O-lb boxes — Loose Muscatel. 2-crown.
5V,c p«!r lUi 3-crown. 5*«c; 4-crowo. 6He; Seed
less Muscatelr. 4 He; de. floated. 4Hc; -un
bleached Sultanas. 4Vic; Thcmpjon's S»e41ess,
fi^ic London Layer* — 2-crowtvtl 2*; S^rown,
$l".T5: 4-crown clusUr*. $2: A-crown. Deneta*.
$2* 50: 6-crown Imperials. $-i: Malaga Loo»«. 2
crown, 5c per lb; do S-crown. 5?Wc; Valencia
Cured. 414c: Pacific, do. .1%c: Oriental, do.
2%c. Seeded TjUsln"^ — l«-ox packages, fancy,
fee per lb: choice: 7%c; T2-oi packages, fancy.
«Hc: choice, r.^c: in bulk, fancy. 7%c; choice.
' NUTS— Walnuts. No. 1 toftsheH. 1.1H814c;
No. 2 mf»12c:-No. 1 h«nl*heU, l.TSMKc:
No. 2, 11011*4*: Almonds, lie for Nonpareil*.
10^4c for I X L. I0«4e f6r Ne Plus Ultra anl
8%c for Langu«doc: Peanats. GE7c for Eastern;
Pecans. HQlSe: . Coeoanuts. $4 50^5; Chest
nutsj. SffllCc o»r Ib. •¦ : :
HONEY — Comb. 10@ll%c for white and St»O
Site for amber; water white extracted. ~ 59
5%c: light amber .extracted. 4ttG*%«: dark.
l^<aie. * ¦ , • • ¦ -
BEESWAX— 27029c oer lb. » • .- .
Dried Fruits,Nuts, Raisins, H oney
market, with a good demand. Quotations un
changed.
White. $1 2CU5J1 25 for California and
$1 27^©I 35 for Northern: Black. $1 43S1 65;
Red.-'ll-SOG-l 32»4 for feed and $1 25#1 35 for
seed: Gray. $1 821).
CORN — There Is no further news to report in
this market.
Western sacked. $1 2OS1 274 for Yellow.
SI 22H&1 25 for-. White end Si 2oi@l 22>A for
Mixed: California lanre 'Yellow. $1 27H<il 'M
small round do.-$l-40Ql !W>: White. $1 .10@l .15
per ctl. Egyptian, $1 45®$l 55 for white and
(1 25 for brown. '. • , ' * .
i RYE— $1 25511 30 per ctt.
BUCKWHEAT— U 73fl2 per ctl
The Glaarow market for Iron closed un
changed at t's lOd and MIddlesboro unchanged
at 42 S 6d. The New .York market was about
steady and nominally unchanged. No 1
northern, foundry. ?15@1C; No. 2 foundry,
northern. $14fe'!5; No. 1 foundry, southern,
and _ No. 1 foundry, southern, soft. $13 75<g
11 25. ' - ¦ ¦ . -
Spelter in London closed unchanged for spot
at £21 "s Gd. The local market declined 10
pcinta on the outside price making the aver
age price 5 points off. at-$5<@5 10.
Locally lead was unchanged at $4 35ft* 45
The _EngIish market was ls 3d higher at
£11 7s 6d.
Tin was also firmer locally, closing at an
advance of about 75 polntu, with tpot at
$20 25-S29 45. The London market advanced
£1 5s for soot to £132 10s and £132 10s for
futures. -" .. • - - . . .
NEW YORK. Jan. 8.— The local market for
copper ruled considerably firmer to-day, prices
advancing about 14c all around, making an
advance of >-4e In two day*. The Improvement
is due to light offerings and improved home
and export inquiry. Lake is quoted at $12 62U
©13. electrolytic at J12 (KJ^fflz 87% and cast
ing at $12 37»i@I2 00',i. The English market
advanced "s tid, with spot at £58 10s and
futures at £57 13s.
Ncrv York Meial Market:
The cold weather continued to operate against
the »ale of fresh fruits and all dealers were
complaining of the-, dullness. In fact. ' there
was not enough business to warrant any change
In the. quotations. The steamer Alameda,
which Bails to-day, will take out some shlp
mrnts of Oranges, most of which had been
purchared at the auction sales and In the open
market earlier in the week. Cold storage
Peaches from Los Angeles were offering again.
A few small consignments were received and
they sold very slowly at $1 2591 50 per box.
The auction sale of Oranges which was an
nounced fee. yesterday, was postponed, as there
was only one car available. The next sale will
be held on Monday.
APPLES— Fancy Spitxenbergs. $1 50©l 75
per box; other varieties. 4131 40 for fancy.
oOyt'Oo for choice and 25<S40c for common.
PEARS — Winter Nallls ' frcm eold storas*.
$1 50U2 Per »»x.
CITRUd FRUITS— Nave! Oranges. $21f2 50
per box for fancy. $1 25-81 75 for choice and
.5c<0*-l 25 for standards; ¦ Seedlings. 75c§*l;
Tangerines. 50cfl$l 25 per box; Japanese Man
darins. $1£1 25 for half boxes; Lemons, $1 73
50 for fancy. $1 2^1 5O for choice, and
75c<g'$l for Standard; Crap- Fruit, $lfi2; Mex
ican Llmess. $4<v4 50; Bananas. J1-S2 p«r buncit
for Hawaiian and $232 50 for Central Amer
ican; Pineapples, $282 per dozen. ¦
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
According tr> the New York Evening Post.
compllatJons of the Stock Exchange Talnatlcns
in London make a deplorab!* showing in lO'i;
Comparative valuations of 325 representative
stocks' give a total depreciation of £9<).ft>0.ti<»
during the year, a* against only £3,000.000
shrlnkas* fpr the same stocks la 1JKKL Since
the South African war the total shrinkage ta
the name group has been £230.000.000.
The Railway Age reports that 1903 takes th«
palm, for the smallest record of foreclosure
sales in every respect— number of roasla. mile
age, bonded debt and capital stock. Since th«
year of gTsatsst activity in bringing bankrupt
road*, to the block, 1S9G, when the sales In
cluded flfty-#teht roads, w!lh 13.730 mllea of
line, and fl.150.CO0.0O> of booda and stocks,
the decrease in foreclosures has be«n constant
and remarkable. In 19C3 the totals were thir
teen roads, mileage 555, bonds and stocks $15.
8S5.COO.
The Port Co*ta Water Company will pay th»
ocaal monthly dividend of 30 cents per sbars
January 15.
The Marln County Water Company will pay a
quarterly dividend of 75 cents per share Janu
ary 11.
Th« Comptroller of the Currency has author
ised two interinr banks to commence busln??s
under the national system. These are tn<s First
National Bank of Monterey. wi:h a capital of
$50,000. A. G. Uentz cashier, and the First
National "Dank of Vlsalta. capital $100,006. W.
F. Thomas president, Adolph Levis vie* presi
dent and S. Mitchell cashier.
Yesterday was the liveliest day for a Ion*
time on the local stock exchanges. On the
Stock and Bead Exchange- the feature was th«
sensational drop in Gas and Electric from
$£1 5O to $54 87%. most of the decline occur
ring in the afternoon, when the stcck was scl.l
from *>r4> down to $34 87 Vj- A small sale of
Giant Pow l<?r was made at $'¦- 25. Alaska
Packers was lower at $135 6CV'ii.£ 23 and
California Wine at $33 75. Among tho unlist
ed securities I30CO United Railroad 4a •.->!¦! at
$78 23 and I100O Sunset Telephone 5s at SI' 'I.
On the mining exchanges there was quite a
boom in the Comstoclu. Ophtr Jumping Irum
$4 SO to 97 37 ! 7. Consolidated California an<t
Virginia from $1 85 to {2 85, Mexican from
J2 :J0 to $! 95, Union from $1 10 to Jl Z7U.
Sierra Nevada from 91c to $1 32^. Best A
Belcher frcm 42 55 to $3 50. and so on. the ad
vance Doing attributed to continued favoraN*
reports from the Oph'.r raln«. On th* 1 mornins
nr'Mor.3 alona about 1CO.00O shares were> sold.
Ex -dividend yesterday: San Joaquia Oil.
$2 20.
The People's Home Pavings Basic (In liquida
tion) has declared a dividend to depositors of 2
per cent, which will be paid during February
on and after a date to be announced later.
This makes a total of 46 per cent of the amount
of the deposits which will have been return~4
to the depositors since the bank failed many
years ago. It is hoped that 5 to 19 per. cent
more will be patd.
Rio Bravo Oil Company of Kern County en
the 31st of Dexerr.oer levied assessment No. ?
of 2o per share, to become delinquent Febru
ary S.
The United Gas and Electric Company uill
pay a regular monthly dividend of 15 cents per
share January 15.
LIVERPOOL. ' ' * '"
Wheat— ':-. - • - March. May.
Opening :-.v.:..,... 6 5Ti B 5Si
Closing «....•.-.... 8 5H 6 5H
. ... ' PARIS." • .' ' - ' *
_ Wh-at— • i -¦•• Jan. May-AUg.
OpenlBg. ...'....,.?;-...* 21 40 - 21 85 "
Ooslng 21 "40' t ' .21 35 "
Flour — "ij .-...,.- ,,<
Opening ..........'•... 2fl 20 ' 2S S5
Closing „ 29 20 2S 75
Foreign" Futures^
*Bank Clearings. ;i : .v.
The following table.' 'compiled' by Brad^treetii
shows the bank ' clearings at the Dtlncipal
cltlej for*, the week ended January 7. with the
percentage of increase and decrease, a« com
pared with the corresponding week last year:
Percentage
cm Eg— Inc. Dec.
New York* $1,331. 6S9.S96 33.9
Chicago* 162,463.731 14r3
Boston* ." 147.434,799 7.9
Philadelphia* 110.4tVt,5Q0 ..:. --24.8
6t. Louis* us.4S0.5GO .1 2V.S
Plttsburg 39.477.176 .... • 1<5.7
San Francisco* .. 2S.02B.340 ....¦ 9.5
Baltlmorf.* 2*,22fl."07S 16.2
Cincinnati 22.449.450 .... 17.9
Kansas City* 21.715.591 4,7
Cleveland 14.SS3.2+3 ..A 4.1
Minneapolis* 15.'J$S.1S7
New Orleans* .... 25.800,253 40.2
Detroit ...• S»,l«7.100 23.3
Louisville* 10.4U.41S 17. « I
Omaha 9,4»4,'j20 1.8
Milwaukee* 7.631. S6t' 13.2
Pnr»-ldenc«* a, 120.100 8.3
Buffalo* • 6,511,532 18.1 i
St. Paul* 5.819.161 20.11
Indianapolis ti,2«,09a 27.9
Los Angeles 6,322.413 C.»
St. Joseph* 4,«:js,524 21. «
Denver 4.643,155 l.S
Richmond B.G19.C23 11.7
Columbus 4.025.200 13.8
Seattle 4,344.734 S.O
Washington 4;4a # ?,C.'M 18. ft
Savannah* 4.132,151 25.5;
Memphis 6.S5S.U51 39.7 j
Albany 3.79O.S15 29.4
Salt Lake City .. 3.W2.2C7 24.4
Portland, Ore* .. 3.374,402 ,14.4
Toledo* 3,(;34.93« .1
Fort Worth 2..1*)MW7
Peoria .'. 2.7><9.951 1N.0
Hartford 3.80*5,912 21.4
Kocfcfster > 3.S05.S25 16. U
Atlanta 5.4S9.330 35.* ....
D*s Moines 2.478,601 4.3
New Haven 2.055.8U3 13.5
Nashville :;.51S,770 7.5 ....'
Spokane. Wash ... 2.ITO.H39 .... 8.8!
Grand RapiUs 1,000.7-43 2.3 !
Floux C4ty l.m.2,801 ¦ 24.7
Springfield, Mass.. 1,S4»,7S3 .... 34.5
Norfolk 1.720,725 10.1
Pa>'toa 1.911,9.:0 8.2
Tacoma 1,802.782 IS. 7
Worcester | 1.017,244 .... 55.4
Augusta. Ga l,719.39d 15.2
Portland. Me. .. l.«75,4%5 22.4
Scranton 2.054.002 .... 5.0
Topeka 1,210,215 .:.. 31.5
Syracuse l,«iS7,024 .... 13.5
Evansville 1,319,173 14.2
WlltnlnKton. Del.. 1,381.578 4.0
Birmingham L517,2SU ' 12.3
Davenport 1.419.416 .... 11. S
Fall River 1.O71.S6O 14.9
Little Rock 1,3<M,73O 0.5
Knoxvllle 1,290,241 24.9
Macon "' JV52.O00 5.8
Wllkesbarre 1,150,909 8.2
Akron 617,000 5.7
Springfield, III 81CS3.3 ...: 7.6
Wheeling, W. Va. 087,068 ....'. 38.4
Wichita 1.1(3.841 .... -37.7
Youngstown 600.834. -1 11. «
Helena SHHi.279. (J2.0- •
Lexington 6(3.503 .13.7
Chattanooga . O7S.40T 27.5 ....
Lowell 457,832 17.1
New Bedford Mo.<ZX li»5 ....
Kalaraazoo JiSB.914 11.2 ....
Fargo. N. D...... 5iO,:r.>2 .... 10.0
Canton Ohio 652.000 IS. 8
Jacltsonville. Fla. .. 757.517 4.7
Greensburg. Pa... 401..N4S • 2.0
Rockford. Ill 334.S5a .... 5.0
Springfield. Ohio.. 4S5,1!W 7.0 ....
Binghamton . 4«:),100 .... 2.:t
Chester. Pa 515.502 .... 22.0
Dloomlngton, III.. 495, CSO 4.2 ' ....
Quincy. Ill 308.774 2.5 ....
Stoux Falls. 8. D. 277.445 13.4
Mansfield. Ohio... 1SJ.346 13. G
Jacksonville. III.. 29O,C;4 16.9 •
Fremont, Neb.... 21S,5»7 14.2
Decatur, 111 304,133 , 22.1
tHouston 10,204,771 20.8
tGalveston 11,021,000 7.4
Charleston, S. C. 1.302.1S8
Guthrie, O. T 028,969 .... -../.
Totals ' IT. S.. 12,203, 059. 25n 20.5
Outside N. Y. SS1.360.3C3 11.4
CANADA.
Montreal «17,441,2<K 24.0
Toronto 1S,714.SO9 .... 13. $
Winnipeg 5,910,000 3.1
Halifax 1,814.190 20.0
Ottawa 1.74».145 2S.7
Vancouver. B. C. 1,334,754 , 14.7' "..'..
Quebec 1,216.3.13 21.2
Hamilton 1.279.0C6 12.3
St. John, N. 3 1.051,946 37.4
Victoria. B. C 741,129 30.4 ....
London 1,115,233 .... 4.r
Totals, Canada. $02.413,S7Q 18.2
•Balance p«Id in cash. t»Jot included in
totals . because containing other items thaA
clearing*.
NEW YORK. "Jan. 8.— Call -loan*. 2g2% per
cent.- Plenty of matlonal.bani- mpney was o<
rered in lota to' suit at 2*i p*r cent.-a-nd th«
other banks ' were -offering round, lots^'at 2%
per cent. a ••¦-.• • .' >¦-»¦ . » ": , .;
Neil' YorJpMonev Market, -s.
Flour, v ska .. J2.«23i Tallow, ctls ... 279
Wheat ctls 2. .TK>' Pelts. No. Ulf»
Barley ctls 3,«75iHide». N". 4«2
Corn. East, ctls «"*>• Raf»lns. bxs.... S«>
Potatoes, ska .. 2.175> Sugar, ctls l,94f»
Bran sks 1.010' Quicksilver Cka 5*
Middlings, sks.. 43 Leather, rolls. .. .*«
Haj> tonj .:... 590'wine. ga!» Si.rx.n
Straw tons .... 23 Brandy, gal* .. 8,H"O
Wool bales S rhicory. bbla .. 10O
Feed." ska 32 Paper, ream*... 375
Screenings. sk». SOO Lime, bbls .... SSO
Shorts, sks ... 40O
WASHINGTON.
Flwir. or sks .. 7221 Potatoes. «r« .. 3
JANTART •.
FOR FniDAT.
Receipts of Produce.
NEW YORK LIST.
Stocks— jjaies. High. Low. Close.
Atchisoa •_'1.2OO 67«4 <HiH btiii
?£\ bi /°° pta *00-b9' SsiJ b$ 4
BalfS-prd:::: 11 - 600 78 7^ JR :
oSu?f c o7V j:::: M HI ' "^' i%*
Ches & Ohio soy a-js* £>'C 32! »
Chi & Arton.. 7<J0 35>i 3i% 35
Chi & Alton pfd... 500 7»=J 7»£ 7»-«i
t ¦• WO, 15S 15^ 15S
C £: U W»-st U pfd * . «7
Chicago & N W... 800 1W . l'w" 168 U
Ch Term & T 2.:w 11% ll«i 11
Chi Term & T prd. 4,HX) 20'i 24 1» 24*
C. C. C & St Louis :. .... 13
Colo So 3. WO 17% lti*. li*4
Colo )*» 1st pfd.... L20O 67 064 56%
Colo fio 2d ptd 2.11X1 27% 26 2«4
Del & HutJson * hh
Del. Lack & West f " "71
Den & Rio G pfd
g r ! ( - •; 4.10rt 2SK 27% »
Erie 1st prd StKi est, «7s-
Erie 2a prd txv 4s«* 47«i 4Hl*
Ortat North pfd 170
Hocking Val 400 74Ti 7*Vi 71%
Hocking Va! pfd.. 100 85 S5 S^£
111 C^tr»l 800 130 120*; 130 '
Iowa Central " ,"00 223, 'J2*i 22 '
Iowa Central pfd.. 40<> 41 40 40
Kans City go \. SOO . 19 v, lSVi li>%
Ksr.s City So pfd.. 1.&00 3'i T .« 35'» ati-^i
Lcuir & Nash 1.400 1O7*» 107' 107
Manhattan L 1,000 112", 141»i 142U
Met St Ry 40Q 121^ 121 U 121 'i
Mlr.n & R L :.. .... .... CA
Mu 1'atific .'...7.200 02 81^ »1^
Mo. Kans 4. T OW *17«i 17 1714
Mo. Kans * T pfd. 2.400" ;.T9H 0S% 20H
N n R of Mex pfd. . J.SOO --4<>4s 'Mh$ 40U
K X Central.. n . -. -ti.cOO. 119H' 118^3 119S
Nor A West...' 30!> 57V 57U "7 1 i
Nor & We«t pfd.-.. ; ;t~^r^ . . *. ~ . . '.. 85 *
Northern Securities. .• 83V*
Oct & West ". 200 J21»i tm, 21 «»
Pe;:nsylvama ..... 9.700 317=4 117»i 117^.
PIlt». C, C & St L. 62>4
Reading 3,tXX) 44>4 44 4<i»
Riailng let pfd..i SW 7S 77*1 77T«
Reading 2d pfd.. :. ... 4 . . . .'* &§%
Reck Inland Co.... 1.500 ' 22% "I'il '22\L
Ro<k Island Co pfd 200 ' 59>1 5au Siiu.
St L * S F 1st pM. ...... ...: .... CO*
St L F 23 pfd. .TOO 40 v 40 40
St Louis S W 500' 14U 14U 14
Bt Louis S-w prd.: 4.«3O' m\ ¦ 337^ S4*
St Paul C100 142% 112U 1«^2
St Paul pfd.. ...... ... . 177
So Pacific 2.400 4S% 47'4 4«
So- Railway- . . SOO l»^i . 1»H lSl^fc
So Railway pfd 40© 7.*r% 7SW 78*4
Texas 6t Pacific SOO 23ii 24*Si 24^1
Tol. 8t L 4-W .... 24*
Tcr, St L & W pfd. 2uO .1S*i 3S 3.S
L'n'.cn Pacific 21.300 7SVi 774 ~~%
Crlin Pacific pfo... 200 8o4i 80H 83
Wabash... 200 19^ mu. 10H
pfd ...... "3.700 36% 35^; w.u.
Wheel £ 1. Erie... . . .\ . .'.* "16H
Wis Central .. 11.2OO I74i 17- 17%
W'is Ctntral pfd... 500 337, 3S»1 31H
Express Companies —
Adams ICO 225 223? 22-1
American ;, i^q
United States, ' 100 110 110 HO
Wcl>-Farso .' ...'; •.._ ,...'.. 2 g 5
Miscellaneous —
Amalgamate Cop._ 17.650 5OVi 4tXi 50i«
AmlVtT'.v;.'t. «X> ' 19 is5 isii
Am Car & F pfd. 250 68*4 6S\ GS%
Am Linseed OO .. ...... /;? flu
Am Linseed Oil pfd .... 2S '
Am Locomotive .. 450 17^4 mi 17U
Am Loco pfd 200 7H^4 7fl 70
Am Smelt & Ref.. 30O 4«»i 48 48U
Am S & Ref pfd.-. 100 SOr^ 831^ - Kj«i
Am Su^ar Ret .. 3.25O 125 12454" 124 ii
Anaccndon Mln Co.. ICO 75 75 • 70
Brooklyn Rap T .. 24,OC»J 51 ' ' 50% 50U
Cclo Fuel & Iron.. ICO 23% 2»Si 23%
Columbus & H Kcal . 200 15H 15 141^
Consolidated Gas . 1.C00 192% 100^ 192
General Electric .'. .... I7l«i
Inter Paper n '
Inter Paper pfd 65
Inter Pump ....» 29
Inter Pump pfd 70
National Biscuit SO^i
National Lead .... 300 15 14VJ 15
North American .... 600 Mil 82 (i &4^
Pacific Mall 2G0 2(5 25 2.1
People's Ga» SOO D7»4 WK, S7U
Pressed Pteel Car »7
Prpf>«ed S Car pfd ctl
Pullman Pal Car.. ICO 2ir.»4 215>i 215
Republic Pteel 10O 7 7 6Ti
Republic Sttel pfd. «0o 41VJ 41 H 41W
Rubber Goods .... 300 1S«» 18 IS
Rubber Goods pfd. 73
Tesn Coal & Iron.. 1.S00 3fl 35% 36H
U S Leather SOO 7U' 7H 7H
U S Leather pfd .. 200- _77', B 77 76>i
IT S Rubber 2W> 12 12 • 12'
D S Rubber prd... 400 42 . 41% 4l*i
T* 8 St««I 15^00 10' 7 i 10 IOIW
V S Steel pfd 35.100 ZG% &5"i 50%
Western Union 2,500 SSft SOU 87%
Total sales 403,300 shares.
UNITED R.VILUOAD8 OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK. Jan. 8. — Bond transactions;
United Railroads of. San Francisco: $11,000 at
*7U; SCCO st-$7U 25..
cial strength of Baltimore and Ohio was due to
the report that application had been made to
list the stock on the Eerlin Boerse. There was
a movement in Mexican Railroad stocks, which
It was attempted to explain by the view that
»ar In the Orient would increase the demand
and the price for sliver and also' redound to
the b.iiefit of the Mexican exchange. The
Matf-irent of earnings of the Southern Pacltic
-er Aivt-mber'tiad a stimulating effect *>n lh,it
Ktock anU en Union Pacific. A gain in gross
e *" 1:ns ' s *" as *PP!« i mented by an important
reduction of operating Expenses, which con
¦£r d to «* thtr to the gain in net earnings.
l h" average of ntt earnings of railroads thus
far reported a decrease from November of last
year tor the nrtt time" in the year 1903. The
KTous turnings thus far reported for the fourth
* cek izi December, however, show a larger
ratic of increase than for any week for eome
time j art.
The bond market *as dull and irrsgular.
Total sales, par value, $1,161,000.
tailed States bonds were unchanged on call.
The weakness in Eggs continues, and stocks
of ranch are steadily though slowly accumu
lating. Th£ governing quotation at the mo
ment is 32&c. though 34c Is still being re-'
allzed In a small way. and some dealers, fear
ing to be caught' with a Urge surplus, are
selling fine ranch down to 31c. Store Esss
are firmer and in ¦ better demand than ranch,
as they are cheaper and almost as good at
this time of tha year, especially during cold
weather. -
Receipts were 37.000 lbs Butter, 888 caset
Egs» and 16.0'X) lbs Caeese.
BUTTER— Creamery. 25<326c for extras and
22»i©24c for seconds; dairy. 17323c; «tor» Bit
ter, nominal; cold storage, 18822c per lb for
ordinary and 22%624c for extras.
CHKESE — 12cior the general market. 12V&9
13c for select- mild new and 10$ lie for lower
grades: Young Americas, 13f?14c; Eastern, 15VJ
tJH'Tc: Western. Ufil.V: per lb.
-EGGS — Ranch. 31Q-34C for choice t» fancy
and 281J-3Cc for small and mixed colors: store*
27V:<&3Oc; cold storage, 24©27c; Eastern, 4 .'4SJSc
for cold storage. •
Under the Improved : demand for Butter al
ready mentioned stocks have become mate
rially reduced- and the market Is strong, with
a tendency to ask higher prices, though no
marked advance -.Has yet been . established.
Cheese is * demoralized, with the shelves f full
and the demand, very slow. If dealers can
not get full figuVes ' they, will shade 1 them} in
order to keen their stocks down.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
OILS — Quota tiers ar« for barrels; for cases.
add 5c Linseed. 45c p«r gallon for boiled ml
43c for raw: Castor Oil. la cases. So. 1. 70c;
Bakers' AA. $1 -lOgl 12: Lucol. 44c for boiled,
and 42c for raw: China Nut. «0@70c per gallcn;
Cocoanut Otl. la barrels. 58c for Ceylon and 55o
for Australian; extra bleached winter Sperm
Oil, 80c; natural winter Sperm Oil. 75c; extra
bleached Winter Whale Oil. 65c; natural Whal*
Oil. 60c: extra, winter strained Lard OIJ. 85c:
No. 1 Lard Oil. 75c: pur» Nsarsfoot OH. 73e:
No. 1 Neaufoot Otl. 65c: light Herrtng Oil. 45c:
dark Herring OIL 43c; Salmon Oil. 3?c: boiled
Fish Oil, 40c: raw Ftsh. OIL 33c; boiled Paint
Oil. 35c; raw Paint Oil. 33c
COAL OIL — Water *Vhite Coal Oil
In bulk. 15c: Pearl Oil la cues. 21Hc; Astral.
2H4c: Star. 21%c: Extra Star. 25«^c: EUlna.
27Vie: Eocene. 2l«*c; deodorized Stove Gasoline,
in bulk. 17c: la cases. 23%c: Benzine. In bulk.
13c: In cases. 19 *»e: 86-d3irrte Gasollse. In
bulk. 25c: la c»«es. Sle.
TL'RPENTINE^ — Is higher at «3c p*r galloa
in cases and 77e in drums and iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. «4«
7c par lb: White Lead. 6l»37c. accordias to
quantity. i
SUGAR — The Western Su$rar Reflninc Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. In 10O-lb bajrs:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.«Sc:
Powdered. fi.50c; Candy Granulated. 5.50c: Dry
Granulated, fine. 5.40c: Dry Granulated, coarse.
5.40c; Fruit Granulated. 5.40c; Beet Grana
lated (100->t> bags only>. 5.20c: Confectioners*
A. 5.40c: Magnolia A. 5c-. Extra C. 4.9Oc:
Golden C. 4.8Or: "D." 4.70c: barrels. 10c more:
half barrels. 23c more: boxes. 50c more: 50-lb
bags. XOc more for all k«ads. Tablets — Half
barrels. 5.90c: boxes. 6.15c: H. A E. Crystal
Domlnos. 8.40c r>er lb. No orders taken for
less than seventy-five barrels or Its equivalent.
mond. $7 SO: Cnmberland. $13 In bulk and
Sit 25 In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite E<<.
$14; WeUh Anthracite Egg. $13; Welsh Lumy.
$11 50; Cannel. $.S 5O per ton; Coke. $11 5t>»
13 per ton In bulk and $15 In sacks; Rocky
Mountain descriptlona. $11 45 per 20CO lbs and
$12 80 per losg ton. according to brand.
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys. 23S25c per U>;
live Turkeys. 19021c p«r lb; Geese, per pair.
$282 25; Goslings. $2S2 23: Ducks, *5««
per dozen for old and |6@7 for young; Hens,
$5 50@6 50 for larce and H 5C&3 for small;
young Roosters. $5 5042H: old Boosters, *5©5 50;
Fryers. $4 5065; Broilers. *4 50§5 for large
and $J 60©4 for small: Pigeons. $161 25 per
dozen for old and $2 25<S2 50 for Bquabs.
GAME— Mallard Ducks, $364 per doxen:
Canvasbaejc. 43€5: Sprig. *2#2 50: Teal. $1 «5
«2; Widgeon. $1 50; small Ducks. $1 25: Gray
Get;se. $3©3 50;- White - Geese, 75c©$l 25;
Brant. $125 for small and $2 for Urge;
Honkers. $5 for Urge and $4 for small: Er.r
llsh Snipe $3: common Snipe. 5V 50: WIM
Doves $1 25: Rabbits. $2 for Cottontails an«
$1 50 for Brush;. Hare. $1 25gl 30. .
There were no changes In Game. Receipts
were liberal and the demand was . nothing
extra. ,
Receipts of domestic Poultry were light,
but ample, as retailers ,were liberally - suy-.
plied with Western stock, six cars of which
were received during the week. Prices had
but Bright variation, but large young chick
ens alone showed . firmness. Dressed Tur
keys were in good request and supplies were
quickly dtsoosed of at steady prices." < About
32 cases were received. Some dealers were
asking 26c per pound for fine young gob
blers, but that was aa outsld* figure and the
bulk of the supplies sold within the quoted
ran;e.
Foul try and Game.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Call money plentiful and loxv in Nciv York.
Xczv York stocks firmer under less indications of zvar.
Silver ar:d Exchange not materially changed.
Increasing activity in local stocks and bonds.
Wheat and Barley futures decline, ozcirig to rain indications.
Oats, Corn and Rye as previously qtictcd. • *
Russia said to want large lines of Pacific Coast Hay. '
Bran, Middlings and Hay zrryf.rm and pointing upicard.
Beans quiet, but firmly held. Seeds inactive.
Butter firm, ziith a good demand. Cheese depressed..
¦Eggs easy, with slowly accumulating stocks. '
Chicago packers load up outsiders with Provisions.
San Francisco packers paying an advance for small Hogs.
Turpentine marked up 3c per. gallon.
Potatoes active and firmer. Onions and Vegetables also firm.
P.oultry and Game_ about, as before quoted r
Fruit :;:arket very dull, owing to the cold weather.
\ BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Westlngh Com.... 81
Call loan* 4^S6i Mining—
Time loaas .....5 @C Adventure 2%
Bonds— lAllouez 4U
Atchison Is 97% I Amalgamated 50
Mex Ont 4s 67 Daly West 35
Railroads— Eingham 24%
Atchison CCT4 Calumet & Hecla.437
Do prefd SST* Centennial 15%
Bo«ton & Albany.245 Copper Range ... 45H
Boston i Mal.ie.lCr Dominion Coal .. 68%
Boston L 14'J Franklin ...I.'... 9
N Y K H ft; H..105^i isle Royale.,: T
Fitchburg prefd.. 135 Mohawk '..'....... 38
Union Pacific 78 Old Dominion ... 11
Mexican Central.. 10*iJ Osceola K>H
Miscellaneous^ — • Parrot ;: 21
Amer Sugar 124% Qutncy Ul
Do prefd ..12t Santa SV Copper. .¦ 1 *l
Amer Tel & T..J125 TamaracJc ....... 8«5 •
Domin I & S... 8% Trinity 4*i
Gen Electric 170 United States ...MS%
Mass P'.ectric ... l»^!Utalj- 32%
Do pretd .......75 Victoria 2
Lnlted Fruit-'.;. ST.- Wlnona "H
U S Steel ... 1014 Wolverine C3Va
Do prefd : . 50% |
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Consols, money.87 3-16 N Y Central ...123
Do account ..£7 5-16' Nor & West .... 5SJJ
Anawfcjda ........ 3Ii! Do prefd 00
Atchlron C8% Ontario- & West.. 22
Do prefd 01 U I Pennsylvania .... CO^i
Balto £ O SO-HlP.and Mines. ...-•.¦ OH
Canadian Pacific. 120U Reading ..•.»22%
dies & Ohio ... 3.1'^ Do 1st prefd... 40li
Chicago G W .. 16 Do 2d prefd.... 30<
Chi Mil & St P**.14(i'i Southern Tly ... 20X4
DeBeers : 20 Do;»re<il 80U
Denver & n G...^ 20ii Poutftem 4SH
Do prefd ..:... TO^tUnlcn Pacific .-..•. SOU
Erie „-,«='. .. 2S»i Do prefd '. .".% -v ».i
Do 1st prefd... ~<t \v S Steel. .:.,.,... 1O%
Do 2d prefd\: .. 43^ • Do prefd ..;::.• 57*i
Illinois Crntrai ..13* - Wabash ¦•:..{.. ;-;;,"'2O,'
Louis & NaSh .j.lluti ivDo prefd ..It.. -3"*4-
Mo Kan &;Tex.\,'i7% ., ,..".¦':". ,*
Bar Silver— Steady ; 2T> Il-lcd- per-' mince. '.'
Money —^©3Vi"per cent. ". v" " -rZ- !
The rate- of discount Un uit- opeii market for.,
, short- bills Ls 3%a3U per ceriti 1 and 'for three
months" bills 3>iff»%i" per cent. 4 .. " * -^
Butter. cholce.eq.5CeM Ranch Eggs. — ©40 |
'. Do good :..:.. 40645 Common Eggs r.30@35 ;
-. Do packed, lb.25630 Honey, comb, per
- Cheeee. Cal .... l&ff'-O pound — 9"0
Cheeee. Eait«rn..20U25 Do" extracted.. SQ 10
Cheese. Swiss '..25035
meats; per pound—
Bacon ....... ...1S@25 Pork Sausage.. 12^615
Hams *..16@1S Smoked Beef ...— «20
Lard ,.12HO^
The Ban Francisco Butchers' Protective As
sociation gives the following, retail prices for!
meats: ; v. / ? .._ -- - . j;
Roast Beef .....10©20!Hindqrtr Lamb.. 18320
Tenderloin Steak.l5@lS Foreqtr Mutton.. 8Q10
Porterhse. dol7V,@'_ > 2U Leg Mutton ...12V4©15
Sirloin Steak". .12^015 Mutton Chop9..12H©lS
Round Steak .'.10@12ii Mutton Stew ".»..$ S10
Beef Stew" »...':.. -^CIO Roast-Veal ..:..t2«20
Corn Beef - ;..:*". . 858IO VealVCutlets '; .. . 15®20
Boup Bones ¦-•.¦¦;.. 4»— •' Veal.t?ieiv ..-."ll'W*»t."»'
Botfp Meat ...'... i501O RoasftPork : .i.l2UfJiS
Lamb Chops -V". . — @20 Pork ' Chop«v 5R . 15^18
Forejatr,. Lamb'.12^©15 . -.• ",' ' ¦":¦'- • '-
; POULTRY AND GAME— f, < ?
Hen j, each ; . : . . 500751 Wild Doves. " <Jz. . 1 1 50
Toting Roosters'- W Ergllsh Snip* dr.54 <>O
••each ;.....;:.-.¦. 60@S0 Jack i^nlpe. ) 1 <Ioz..J2 50
Old Roosters'. ea.504iC5 Gray .©eeeo, each- 40S50
Fr>ers. each....-.B0%t«0 Whltfr Gee9er«a.l5U25
Hroiler.1/. each*..50*»f* Prarlt? each ];:.. 20635
Turtaeys..;perlh..25@2S Honkers.- 'eafb..4aii;5 !
Ducks, eaph v /. 75cwit -Teal jDucks;rea..20B25
.qeese. each..-^©$i UO MairdlDucks..ea.50<fJF5
sCosItngs ;i..:.V. .$• t)0.Wid«"n DBCks.«a2Qia26
Pigeons, pair '.T^-^fiO'Sprlg:- Ducka; ea.4G^50
Squibs, per pair.— tfttO, Canvasbacks,-"ea. 60-375
Rabbits; each ,V. 20020 {imalUDuckB.'<a.20-S25
Har«. each. »;-.'.—^COi- .a ¦ « •
• rnuns ¦ akp nuts— 'V ; '
AlllRtr Pears. "d*".*3®- -i>GrapeHFrul.f te. 75cg$l
Altnonda ....... >.15®^0tLimesV doz £ 10Q15
APPj? s ..~i Z@ « I Lemons, dos 15«23
Cranberries. . qt>.-^-e25 Oianges, doz ...25®50
P*cap» y. • ....•;.— «*20 Pears per lb...— w S J
Brasll Nuts ..-;.2O©— Jpineapples. ea....25S50 i
Bananas. ;dox -w25«40 Raisins, per, Ut>.. 5015
Chestnut* ...... ,Xl>^20 Strawberries, -per !
Cocojnufs.* eacn..— «io basketV..".".'.-...— ©15 '
Dried . Figa.- Jb.:^-(F?.ft) Tansirines di...20'tii:» 1
Crapes. Vper Ib>.*-iei2% WalnuU. per lb.-lSSlW
I VEGETABLES-^ " ' •
Artichokes;. dox.75c©$l (Onion* per Ib..ltf02
Be«ts. dozen ...11(>S— jCkra; dried. lb...CO@—
Beans.- white, lb 5©— Potatoes. Ib l%#i
Colored, per lb. 5$--| Parsnips, per dx,15©20
Dried Lima, lb.— © «; Radishes d* bch. 15^20
Cabbage, each .. 5<710iSage. dz' bunches25'S —
Celery, head ©10 Strinff Beans
Crens. tit bunch.:5«— i per lb ...15©2O
Cucumbers.- d0z.r-^$2-Summer Squash I
Garlic .:/.....lO©12^i per Ib a^io
Green Peppers, lbl5@20' Sprouts, per lb.. 5© 0
Dried Peppers ..H«v»2r. Spinach per Ib. tQ 8
Egg Plant 2C(82:VSweet Potatoes
Green Peas. lb.. €©10. per lb 2HJJ3
Lettuce, per doz.I!*/ -<iiThyme.<lx bnchs.zo-o..jo i
Leeks, dz bUDCh.I.TSSOlTumlps. per at. — *r\r. '
Mushrooms. lb...35®50' Tomatoes lb -CIO '
' FISH— - ¦. j
Barracouta — #13iRockcod — «15 !
9, ar P 10<SlZW,tSea Bass —Ql* I
Catfish — «il2V* Smelts — #1.1 I
Codfish — ffl2ViiSoles 1OB15 i
Flounders lOf* — Skates, each 10S13 '
Halibut 15<J — Squid —& I
Herring , SiitlO.Tomcod V2V.tt— ,
Mackerel — <jr— [Turbot 20«—
Do horse . 150— Trout — #~ \
nockflsh -r Brook Trout — ft—
Salmon, fresh.. 12^©!.% Whlteflsh 100 —
Do smoked.... 1Si825 Clams, gallon ..SCO —
Sardlnea lOff — Do hardahell.lb 8i*H»
Shrimps — 0 10 Crawfish. Ib —©15
Shad lOfi — Crabs, each 15^25
Striped Bass 15#?20 Mu5«et» lb 12H#15
Perch 10S— o.vster* Cal \fOAWnZ\\
Pomplno .. .. —673 Do Eastern. dz.3OQ40
Meats' Fish. Game and most kinds of Poul
try are in good supply and are still selling
at the familiar quotations.
' Vegetables are- more scarce than usual at
this time of the year owing to the lack of rain
in the growing .districts, and several kinds
are much higher. There is but a limited va
riety of-fnilts-on'the market -at present, but
all kinds that may be considered seasonable
are abundant and are selling at' reasonable
prices. Quinces.* Persimmons and Berries have
disappeared and are dropped from the list.
. COAL. PER TON—
Wellington .*— ©10 CO N'ew >
8eattle .....*—© 8 50 Wellington $— ©10 CO
Roslyn ......$— tt 9 00 Wellington'
Richmond ...J—O » 50 Nut .. .» — © 8 CO
Greta ....... S— @» 9 00 Coos Bay *..$—© 7 60
DAIRY PRODUCE. ETC.— - i
Eggs are . cheaper this weslc and, supplies
are becoming more plentiful every day. Or
dinary squares . of Butter are selling, at the
tame prices as quoted last week, while heavy
weight squares ! are a little higher. •
FAMIL YRETAIL f MARKEj\
greatly delaying harvestinz and that a strike
was lnterferinz with the movement of grain.
These conditions, taken In .-connection with the
'critical situation in the Orient,'- started a "pood
I buying movement and May; sold iip'to 87 $4 c.
Heavy buying by the big bull operators on 'an
unverified report of an actual engagement in
the Far Kast caused a sudden to
87«ia During' the Mast half hour the ' local
crowd were liberal sellers and part" of the" gain
was lost. The close was firm, with May un
changed at 87%687%c.
Corn was wtak at. the start,-. due to lower
cables and In sympathy with wheat. May
opened %©%c lower at 46«i©47c. sold up to
i"%c," closing at 47%c. ----. ' '¦-
Oats were ¦ Influenced chiefly by the action
of wheat. S After opening &@%c lower at
3914c. May sold up • to 39%c and closed at
30U*r39?<,c.
Th» feature of the early provision market
was the decline in May pork due to heavy
liquidation. Lower prices at- the yards wefe
largely responsible for the selling pressure at
the start, although the weakness In grains had
some effect. While there was a fair demand
frcm commission houses and . 6horts, prices
showed but little recovery from the low point*
although a steady tone prevailed at the close:
Final prices were 22 Vic lower for May -pork;
May lard and May'- ribs closed each off 7*4c ¦ .
- The leading : futures ranged as follows: p
¦ Articles — ''Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2— . -
Maj* 80T4 87% 361* 87%
July ........;.. ">2Vl . S3 - M** - K%
September 70^s 80% • «0^ , 80U
'Corn No. 2 — • ¦ .
January ....... 4JI& 43^ 434 43 1 *
May 47- 47% 4Q»4 47%
July ............. 4Gft 48!'* <46fc ' 46%
Oats Np. 2— — , . .- -
January , 30U< S0% . 36»4 36%
Mny -.'...& •.. • '3J»H 39"* 39%
July ....- 36H 36% ' 3<i>& 36%
Mess' Pork, per bbl — . *• ' .
January . . ... i - 13 80 - 12 M 12 kSO . 12 80
May. 13/ 12V* 13 30 . 13 05 13 10
Lard/ per 10O. lbs— "-•' : - -.; . •
January.. ... -6-72i4 *8 72Ji ,6-7.0- .-.6 "0
May ...;*.......« OS: 7 00 6 80 '6 9214
I • Short Klbs, perlOOHbs ! • .. -
January).... « 40, • 6 40 fi 32H* 6 35
j May .... . .;6 62fe 6 70 6 60 ,.6 63',$
J Cash quotations were 7 as ; follows:* . Flour.
1 steady; No.-'i Yheat, .74jJS3c; %I N6. 2 red. S2*i©
JWW: No. 2 enrn. 44e; So. .2" - yellow, V46\ic;
No; '-Z c^aw. ' aaTijS.^iit: "Sa:%S.: white, - 36*4®'
3RVi«;-^Cp. 2rye." 52Vj©53c:;good feedlnr bar-
My, iXMZScy fMr to choice "malting. 4;C3S«;
I>«'o,..;T,*fljixse<?d, rwei >Na 1 Northwestern, . |l'-©4 ;
prin>e't!rnoth:: teed.* $3 05; mes*! fork,; per bar
rel..;*13t?l. t32^f-; - Ipjd.- >per 100 pounds. $6 7048
<V 72W: ihrcct :.HM Mides 06c«e); • $(5 25JSfl 50;
fhort .jleir Fidosv<bo«<i)..$B.U2y;®6 7©;'i,Vhl«ky.
{.basis qfVhtiSh ".wines,., *i$2T; • contract
¦ grade,' ¦$ll' 00.- . .-"I;?- ¦'¦>. - " \. '.,.,,
1 ¦¦ ' ' —^^-. — *<*. 1 — . . — - '-
-Articles^-.'., k v .-•;•'. ; Recelptu.^SfaJpiaentS.
Flour; barrels./...', j...... " 12.90& ,' ' 4t'^00
Wheat, brishels.. ;.:.'•......,. 36,400- "V 38.700
Com^-busheU.. ,...\ .-223,000 . ' 127,800
I Oats, ljUdhel*.-..-.,...*^....' 103.600 •• •' 122.000
Rya: bush*i*.;...;..';t^'...; «, 7 oo 17*1.700
Barlay,- baghel.V.,.:V?.....> 30.S00 .13,000
• ¦¦' Or? th^Prodtfce to-day the butter
.raarTcpt; -w^.-^asy/. Cre*j»ie!?y', -te'gCSd- I dairy
l\%Q*r n _^S^. f *t»K»r at v niaj«:^ cases lndud
|ed t .23^2ic.\ Che.ese. g^ftdy. IQglO^c,' "
ONIONS— $1 25®1 35 per ctL
VEGETABLES— Gr<~n Pea*. 3fJ6c per Ib:
String Beans, 12^®15c per IB: Wax, 12H1J15C:
Tomatoes from Los Angeles, $1 25irl SO per box
or crate; Summer Squash from Los Angeles.
S1©1 25 per box: Cabbage. 50c per ctl: Carrots.
50c f»t sack: Hothouse Cucumbers, $1 SO per
doz; Garlic. 6<gSc per lb: Egg Plant. 15#20c P«r
lb; Dried Peppers. 5©Sc per lb for Stockton
and ll©12%e for southern: Dried Okr*. ltHc
per lb; Green Peppers, SglOc per lb: Mush
rooms. 12l»G25c p«r lb: Marrowfat and Hub-,
bard Squash. $10012 per ton for. round lots
and %61c per !b for sacked. i *i;7
Beds, SCeeOc per- ctl: Garnet Chiles, $1^110
per ctl; Sweet Potatoes, f 1 €0§l 75 per ctL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 9, 1904.
STOCK MARKET.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Continued on Page Fourteen*
General Merchandise,
-BAGS — Grain Bas*. 535UC: - San Quentin.
5.50c : Wool Bags. 32@35c; Fleece. Twine. 1^9
8& " • - ¦¦ ¦*¦< ' ' .-¦•-- -- ¦ .---.
- COAL— Wellington. $8 per ton; New . Wei*
llncton. 58: Seattle. $6 60; Bryant. $1 90; Bra
ver Hill. S5 50: Standard. 17: Roslyn. 17;
Cocs Bay. is 50; GrtU, fT; WallMod, |7; Rich.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
15
AUCTION SALES
£a AUCTION SALE £*
' AT 11 A. It,
MONDAY, JANUARY xi, 1304,
617 ELLIS STREET,
We will sell. a lot of horses used by a con-
tracting outfit, also a lot of alt purposes horses.
Her- are horses for everybody. Must be solJ
positively without reserve or limit.
SAM WATKIN3. Auctioneer.-. Children .will 1 take Plso'a Cure .without iobjec-.
tlon. because Its taste Is pleasant.*- 'OruKriats.*
. • All. druggists cell ; ADAMS' Irish Moss Cough
Balsam under a positive cuaxantM. 23c 50c. •
SANTA ROSA,' Jan. 8.— An aged man. .Wren
by name, had his feet Severely . Injured by
wandering In the hills ln-the Pine. Flat vicin
ity durln? the recent; cold -weather. ¦ Physi
cians at the County Hospital, where .Wren is
confined, are of the opinion .. that - both * feet
will have to be amputated, but are awaiting
developments." - Wren was turned ' out -of a
cabin which he occupied with a mining. part
ner. The- latter' became ..-¦ intoxicated ¦_¦» and
forced \Vr«n to deoart without his shoes.
Albert. W." Gunnison,, administrator
of the 'estate of Andrew . J.
yesterday, sued Lizzie P.; Gunnison for
an j accounting. ' He claims.^ that , she,
as administratrix j'of the\ estate -of ' Al
bert W. •Gunnison,*' has 'received' a
large sum of ¦ money belonging to the
estate of Andrew Gunnison. • ¦ •
Gunnlson Estates Tangled.
M. L. Cohri, as;trustee. of the estate
of A. Jacobs, bankrupt, filed a suit
yesterday in the United States District
Court to recover," $ 8 1 00, ;. with
and; costs, from Jennie, 'Jacobs, wife of
the ; bankrupt. V It - is alleged that Ja
cobs, knowing • that -he . was . insolvent,
gave her; the money with intent to de
fraud his creditors." '
Indignant Creditors Sue.
: . Red : Eyes v arid ' Eyelids, ¦ Granulated
Eyelids and other Eye troubles cured by
Murine Eye Remedy. - . • •
¦ Mme.'"Patti"ha'8*at last given; her, con
cert at the Grand- Opera-house. ,Mpst of
the musical critics say she is still queen
of ' song. -Make your wife contented; by
buy ing. her a gas • range from the S. ¦ F.
Gas and Electric Co.. 415 Post st. •
Minna Brown, nee Trimmer, who
loaned George Nlcolal $400 'and too.k
as security therefor a mortgage on
his personal property/filed a.suit.yes
terday to set aside a bill of sale of the
property she alleges Nicolai made to
Jane Doe Hussey and William Mitch
ell. , She alleges . that Nicolal,, by
means of a fraudulent tansfeF'of his
property,: Is' endeavoring: to ; ; prevent
her from realizing ; on her security. -
Charges Nicblal With Fraud.
Owners > of |the steamship X Corona
recently expended ; about $4000-. in
making certain .repairs to the furnaces
and boilers* of- that> vessel and when
the work..had. been done .United States
Inspectors Bolles. arid Bulger refused,
to accept- it* on the ground- that ¦•the
jdb • was not .up . to,! the requirernents
of . '.the ; . law. -^The ,;,pwriers*, thereupon
appealed '. to r Supervising,- Inspector
John Berrhingham. froriv the judgment
of the local Inspectors"' and the^case
has been ' taken \ under advisement' . y
Local -.Inspector 'John-' K.^ : Bulger,
when questioned \ n regard tbUheiiriat
ter last night; declined', to '^-discuss it ori
the ground that it would be improper
to do so ! during the j pendency - of ; the
appeal. He said, however, -that' trie
local inspectors would .riot under any
consideration pass favorably /-; upon
work unless it complied in all 'partic
ulars with the -¦ requirements of the
law. ' -¦'. .-•-¦¦ '.'¦ ¦ '¦ >"£¦>¦.} ¦¦ :
fuse "to Certificate the Steamer,
Alleging improper^ 'Work.'. ¦¦'•¦¦
United ! Stai^-''p»My-JaspecUfn Re-
Postmaster Fisk has appointed H.
H.^; McClaughry . as his private secre
tary, "to succeed Daniel S. Richardson,
who was dismissed^; . The . salary , is
$1600 per annum. V ' . . .. .
...Mr... McClaughry. is . a : graduate of
ithe University of California and of the
Harvard Law' School'; and .has been
practicing- law in this} city^ since 1895,
He. lias , been the* law .'partner of Post
¦,master'Fisk > for>four -years.' g Mr. Mc-
Claughry is ,33 years ald;ahd is a son
in-law, of • E. ¦[ J. r Baldwin, the .million
aire."..; At present', he is' out of the city.
H. . H. vMcClai«ghry," Son-in-Law of
•I Lucky, Baldwin, Will Be the New,
. -. .r \ : Private . Secretary.
POSTMASTER j FISK MAKES
HIS FIRST -APPOINTMENT
CORONA IS: HELD ?TJP 1 -V
FOR V FUIITHER REPAIRS
Clarence E. Musto, a son of the late
Joseph- Musto, the marble importer,'
filed a petition yesterday for a citation
directing the California Safety Deposit
and Trust Company to file for probate
the will of his father. He claims that
though he has demanded of the trust
company that it produce his father's
will it has not complied and refuses to
do so. ,.¦¦-'
Demands Production of -Will.
In view of this interesting condition
of affairs Judge Heacock continued
the examination of Lee See Fook un
-tll next Monday. -.
. Quong Gum, if merchant doing busi
ness at 726 Jackson street, informed
the court that on the preceding even
ing three members of the Lee family
had called upon him and threatened
him with assassination if he did not
swear Lee .See Fook out of the legal,
trouble in, which he was involved.
They accused Quong of having given
information to the . Federal authori
ties as to the fact of Lee being in pos
session of the certificates demanded
by the court. r 3 t
When the case of Lee See Fook was
called in United States Court Commis
sioner Heacbck's court yesterday
morning on a charge* of contempt for
having failed to appear and produce
two Chinese registration certificates,
which had been pawned wijh him,
something happened that was not on
the programme.
Jackson-Street Merchants Menaced by
• Members' of Lee Family for Tes
tifying Against Prisoner.
CHINESE ¦ HIGHBINDERS
THREATEN WITNESSES
. When Mrs. Knauer left her- alleged
husband Libbe in Chicago she came to
this city and was engaged by'Knauer as
a nurse. They were married in August,
1002.. After the marriage Knauer, who
was 73 years of age, made his 'will, be
queathing half, of his estate to' his wife
and half to his heirs. A feV'days later
he . took very sick and on the advice
of Dr. fimil Steltzner of .4234 Geary
street had an operation 1 performed. He
never recovered from thei shock, and
died January 11, 1903. Just before the
operation he changed the clause in his
will that gave half .to his , heirs and
gave the entire estate to Mrs. Knauer.
The contestants will/ try to prove that
the marriage was illegal" ? ; and that
Knauer' was forced ;*into it. by state
ments made by Dr. Steltzner.. The con
testants are Emille Wilms, Marie Dor
britz, sisters, and Julius Knauer, broth
er, ¦ and several nieces and V nephews.
The attorneysifor the contestants are
Bishop, "Wheeler & Hoeffler,' represent
ed;; by Rlx, : t Emll 5 Pohli and
Messrs/ Lo'ewy.-and Gutsch. -The attor
neys 1^ for' the \womah are \ Plllsbury,
Madison & SUtroandf August Muenter.
The suit which was in court yester
day was the hearing of a petition of
Mrs. Knauer for a partial distribution
of the dead man's estate/involving
$10,000. The entire estate, which Knauer
left in its entirety to his supposed wife,
amounted to $60,000.
WOMAN MARRIES KNAUER.
career. She had been married four
times before her marriage «to Knauer.
Her first husband committed suicide
in Germany because , of the disgrace
that she caused him in eloping with a
lieutenant in the German army. The
lieutenant. Herkner, eloped , with • a
woman named Peacock in Chicago
shortly after their arrival in that city.
Mrs. Knauer eloped with a Chicago
undertaker named Louis Schuknecht,
who left his wife and \ two' children.
He carried a life insurance policy of.
$20,000, and died soon after '.his elope
ment. Mrs. Knauer then j married, it
is alleged, August Libbe, and the at
torneys for the contestants claim that
she was not divorced from him at the!
time of her marriage with Ferdinand
Knauer.
WOMAN WHO CLAIMS TO BE THE WIDOW OF FERDINAND
KNAUER. WHO CAUSED A SCENE IN JUDGE TROUTT'S COURT
ROOM YESTERDAY DURING THE HEARING OFVlLL CONTEST.
Payne, Mrs. Isaac Requa, Mrs. San
born. Mrs. Jcsiah Stanford. Mrs. J. de
Barth Shorb. Mrs. James Somers, Miss
Stone, Mrs. W. M. Shaw, Mrs. F. Ste
phenson, Mrs. Robert K Stephenson,
Mrs. Hyde-Smith. Miss Hyde-Smith,
Mrs. John F. Swift, Mrs. Grant Sel
fridge, Mrs. William Taylor, Mrs. S. G.
Kittle, Mrs. Charles Kenny, Mrs. Jo
seph King, Miss Lucy King, 'Miss
Homer King, the Misses King, Mrs.
Milton Latham, Mrs. Will Magee, Mrs.
Murison. Mrs. Burns Macdonald, Mrs.
John Merry, Mrs. Miss
Mary Koster and many others.
The Cluff dinner at the Palace last
night was a brilliant affair.
The decorations were strikingly beau
tiful, the piece de resistance being a
frozen lake in the center of the table, in
whose liquid depths ..lay masses of
grapes and delicate ferns. Roses, pink
and red, were grouped about with fine
effect, arid the warm glow from the
shades above heightened their beauty.
Those present were Mrs. George Dow
ney, Miss Cluff, Mrs. Spreckels, Miss de
Young, Miss Constance de Young, Miss
Pearl Landers, Miss Wagner, Miss
Hager, Mrs. Black, Mrs. Wilson Shiels,
Mrs. Frank Deering, Miss Campbell,
Miss Blair, Miss Wilson, Miss Ella
O'Connor. Jane Wilshire, William Cluff,
George . Downey, J. • C. "Wilson, J. D.
Spreckels Jr., W. F. Smith, Edward To
bin, Dr. Black, Edgar Mizner, Dick Ho
taling, George Field, Enrique Grau,
James Smith, Dr. Shiels, Judge Frank
Kerrigan, Frank Owen and William
Greer Harrison.
Mr. and Mrs. William Irwin. gave a
dinner last night at their home on
Washington street In honor of Mr. and
Mrs. Norris King Davis. The color
scheme of the decorations was red, the
hue so widely used in winter functions
for its warm. glow. Carnations were
u^ed upon the table, at which the fol
lowing guests were entertained: Mr.
and Mrs. Norris King Davis, .Mr. and
Mrs. Walter Martin, Mr. and Mrs.
Frederick McNear, Mr. and Mrs. Will
Taylor, Mr. and Mrs. Harry Poett, Miss
Bernie Drown, Miss Suzanne Blanding,
Miss Eleanor Morgan, Miss Emily Wil
son, Miss Virginia Jolliffe*. Miss Linda
Cadwalader, Samuel Boardman, Edgar
Mizner, Edward M. Greenway, Dr. Har
ry Tevis, • Harry Holbropk and Harry
Stetson.^ .
* . «. •
Mrs. Meyerfeld of 1809 California
street gave a large musicale yesterday
afternoon, to which over a hundred In
vitations had been issued. " ;v v -
The decorations were unusually
unique. With .blackberry vines, swing
ing bells of ferns, date palms and cu
rious baskets of trailing vines, the ef
fect was charming. . ,;
Mr. and Mrs. S. Axelrod announce
the engagement of their daughter Etta
to Will S. Voorsanger. The reception
will be held at the residence of Mr.
and Mrs. Axelrod, 1567 Octavia street,
corner Sutter, to-morrow from 2 to 5
p. m.
December's Immigrants.
Richard Eccleston, statistician of
the United States Immigrant Bureau,
has prepared the following report of
the immigration to this port during:
December: Total immigrants, ,674; plus
556 in transit The nationalities are —
243 English, 145 Japanese. 134 Chi
nese,.28 German,.-17 Irish, 12 French,
12 Mexican, 9 Scandinavian, 10 Scotch,
14 Spanish-Americans and 5 Spanish.
The following are their occupations —
109 merchants, 74 laborers, 52 farm
laborers, 29 farmers, 61 mariners, 24
carpenters, 9 miners, 3 blacksmiths, 2
millers, 3 seamstresses, 9 clerks, 4
sculptors, 4 physicians, 9 engineers, 4
butchers, 3 clergymen and 20 servants.
Court Cites Reid and Collins.
• •_ Mabel Gilmore.a daughter of the
late Alexander Martin; secured a ci
tation yesterday in the Superior Court
directing John Reid and T- E- Col
lins, executors of her father's will, to
appear and show cause why. they have
not" filed an accounting. She claims
that they have riot accounted for the
moneys they Have received from her
father's : estate since last March. The
executors ; have been ordered to ap
pear January 14. •
Bertha Long was granted a divorce
yesterday from John T. Long, the con
tractor who is building the new rail
road from Los Angeles to Salt Xake
City. Judge Graham issued the de
cree on the ground of cruelty. She
testified that he beat and abused her,
an'd said that the cause of the trouble
was a niece of her husband, who, she
said, was brought out from the East
and placed in their home.
"Judge Graham made an order di
recting Michael Kelly, a well known
retired merchant, to pay to Katharine
Kelly, who is suing him for divorce,
$200 a month alimony pending the
suit, $150 counsel fees and $25 costs.
Graham also made an. order directing
Charles Kruse . to pay to Katarina
Kruse, an "amateur" singer i at the
Chutes, $30 a month alimony pending
the trial of her suit for divorce.
Suits for divorce for desertion were
filed by Lena Parsons against Daniel
A. Parsons, Mary E. Henderson
against William E. Henderson," Ada
Green against Robert Green and Car
rie P. Thresher against Ashley W.
Thresher.
Bertha Long Secures From Judge Gra
ham RcUef From the Abuse
of Her Hnsband.'
GRANTS DIVORCE TO WIFE
OF CONTRACTOR FOR CRL*ELTY
The application of Judse Lewis, one
of the trustees of the University of the
Pacific, to have the guardianship pa
pers in the case of Mrs. Sarah .Wood
ward, an incompetent, set aside and a
new guardian appointed '¦ was denied
by Judge Coffey yesterday. The case
brought out some interesting develop
ments regarding the handling of coin,
and Mrs. Woodward's attorney promises
that there will be more interesting de
velopments. Yesterday's legal battle
centered around. the question whether
the aged woman's person and property
should be cared for by her relatives or
by the University of the* Pacific. At
present the relatives are given custody
of her person, but the trustees of the
University of the Pacific have a tight
hold on v.hat is left of the estate. H.
J. Parkison, her grandnephew, is the
. gaily anointed guardian whom the
attempt was made to haw removed on
the' .technical ground that the guardian
ship iJrocec-dinEs were held in San
Francisco, though the woman's legal
residence is in Santa Clara County.
Mn. Woodward, who is 84 years of
age, was piaccd on the witness stand,
and with feelxle -voice, her limbs shak
ing with age, "tfc-ld how the property
left her by her ."husband had gradually
slipped away until, as she said, "they
haven't even left jr.e a horse." She told
that the probity consisted of an inter
est in a ranch in Santa Clara County
and some real estate in Seattle. The
teal estate was itwumbered by legal en
tanglements, and" jn 1897 she employed
Attorney French of San Jose to
straighten matters out. He cleared up
the legal tangle, scW the property for
her and in return offered her an an
nuity of $50 a montli. About this time
she decided to make an endowment to
the Methodist church. She signed what
she understood was a trust deed, by
which she would retain possession of
her property during life, the trustees
acting as managers. She afterward
learned that she had actually deeded
the property away.
Mrs Woodward admitted that she was
in the habit of signing papers without
knowing their full import.
The witnesses in behalf of the ap
plicants all testified that no attempt
had ever been made to induce Mrs.
"Woodward to part with her money, but
that she had done so voluntarily, with
the understanding that it be so invested
as to give her a good home for life. She
¦was moved from her lonely home on
the ranch and installed in a five-room
cottage at College Park, where she
could have medical attention and other
comforts. She always seemed happy
and contented at College P,axk, and had
asserted that she liked it because it was
so close to the church. Last Novem
ber she left, ostensibly on a visit, but
did not return. The next move made
was by her relatives, at whose instance
she was declared incompetent and a
guardian appointed.
Prepare to Hold Bazaar.
The bazaar which is to be given
early next month in aid of Ihe build
ing fund of the Church of the Nativ
ity is being speedily arranged and
promises to prove a financial and ar
tistic success. The ladies who will
be in charge of the nativity booth
have prepared to give an entertain
ment at Golden Gate Hall on Thurs
day evening, January 28, under the
direction of 'Miss Antoinette Draghi
cevich.- The patronesses of the booth
are Mite. L. Di Xola, Mrs. V. NJ Bak
ulich. Mrs. J. L. Radovich and the
Misses Draghicevich.
Damage Suits Filed.
Mary Madsen, whose husband, Pet
er A. Madsen, was killed last Octo
ber by being struck by a falling block
and tackle at Seventh avenue and C
street, yesterday sued Charles A.
Blume, the contractor for whom Mad
sen was working at the time of. the
accident, for $50,000 damages. John
J. Scheuer is suing the. firm of Ro
manl A Martini & Co. for $11,300
damages for injuries he received by
being run into by a team driven by an
employe of the firm.
Mrs. Marie Knauer. the self-alleged
wife of the deceased Ferdinand Knauer,
had a fit of hysteria~yesterday morn
ing when .confronted with damaging
testimony in the way of j a document
which bore her signature as" the wife
of one August Libbe. This happened
in the suit to revoke probate proceed
ings in the will of the late Ferdinand
Knauer, a wealthy German, -by his
heirs. ¦
The case came ud for trial- in Judge
Troutt's court, after having been con
tinued for several months. In an en
deavor to show that -Marie Knauer was
not legally the wife of Ferdinand
Knauer the attorneys for the contest
ants produced in .court a copy of a
marriage license issued to August D.
Libbe and Mrs. Louise Guttrich, which
was Mrs. Knauer's former name,: on
November 19, 1900. Mrs. Knauer, who
had previously denied her marriage to
Libbe, admitted that the license was
correct, but that no. marriage cere
mony had ever - been . performed. The
attorneys for. the contestants' hope to
prove that what is known as a com
mon law marriage was performed at
the time, and did in part* prove to that
effect. After Mrs. Knauer hadv again
denied with vehemence her. marriage
to Libbe, she was , confronted; with an
application for admission' to a German
social order. in Chicago which "bore in
three places the signature of Mrs.-Ma
rie .Libbe, and an application for a
life insurance policy by, Libbe- for', the
sum of $2000 made payable to his wife,
Marie Libbe. Attached 'to* the applica
tion of Mrs. Libbe for membership • to
the German, society . was a deposition
stating, that 'She was aiidhad been' for
three months the /wife 6t August Libbe.
Mrs. Knauer.* was compelled Uo admit
that the signatures ;,were hers. • She
seemed much .upset at being confronted
with the damaging, .documents^and
burst into, hysterical tears.' Such a
commotion, did- she raise that the court
was adjourned' until next Friday 'at 2
o'clock.- • ;- *- V -; ,;.. -;*: i .\ '¦"¦¦ \
HAD. CHECKERED .CAREER. . ;
The proceedings of ; yesterday, '< were
decidedly in 'favor ; of ttieV contestants;
Mrs. Marie Knauer/ as. she calls ner r '
self, is a. woman bearing**; chfeckered
1'our Italian boys were taken to the
City Prison" yesterday afternoon by
Mounted ¦ Policemen F.-W. French and
J. P. Carson on a charge of robbery.
Their names are Robert Galliano, 19
years of age; Peter Galliano, 15, both
living at 311 Russian avenue, and Gia
como Castagnetto, 19, and Louis Cas
¦ tagnetto, 16, both living at 440 Montauk
street. The brothers Galliano are em
ployed on a duck ranch on Onondega
avenue and the brothers Castagnetto at
the Union. Iron Works.
The boys, were drinking in a^saloon
on the Mission road on Sunday } night
and met Tamaso Zanino, a. scavenger
from Oakland. Zanino, it is alleged,"
began to talk fight to the boys and said
he could ,thrash the four of them. The
saloon-keeper objected to any disturb
ance in his saloon and" the four boys
left. 'They walked, along the road till
they reached the corner of Russian av
enue, where they Awaited for Zanino.
When Zanino was passing the avenue
ithe boys rushed at hfnrand dared him
to fight them. Zanino .fought as well
as he could, but he was soon knocked
down and beaten till he was uncon
scious. When he recovered conscious
ness he" alleges- he discovered that, his
pocl-.etbook containing $48 had been
stolen and he notified the police.
French and Carson were detailed on
the case and they arrested the four
boys at their. homes on Thursday night.-
They admitted giving Zanino a beating,
but denied knowing anything about his
pocketbook.- French, brought Zanino
from Oakland yesterday to the City
Prison and he positively identified the
boys and accused them of robbing him.
He he would swear to the com
plaint this morning. -
Identifies Four Young Italians
as His Assailants and They
Arc Booked at City Prison
SAYS PURSE WAS STOLEN
*
Religious People Have Tight
Hold of "Funds, but Guard
ianship of Person Is -Released
JUDGE FOR RELATIVES
Nephews of Aged Woman De
feat Trustees . of the Uni
versity of the Pacific
Tamaso Zaiiino, Visitor Prom
Oakland, Beaten " Into Uncon
sciousness on Monday Night
Mrs. Charles M. Dougherty and Mrs.
Jabish Clement held a large reception
yesterday at # the Pleasanton, where
their rooms were made beautiful by a
profusion of Beauty roses and a wealth
of woofrwardla. The following ladies
assisted in receiving: Mrs. John Spen
cer, Mrs. William Watt, Miss Painter,
Mrs. George Knight, Miss Ellinwood,
Mrs. Stolp, Mrs. Taylor, Mrs. William
Willis. ' Miss Laura Van Wyck, Miss
Grace Sanborn. Miss' Ada Clement, Miss
Elsie Marwedel and Miss Herrick.
Among those who called were Mr. and
Mrs. "William Ashburner, Mrs. Bray,
Mrs. L. L. Baker, Mrs. George W. Boyd,
Mrs. T. Z. Blakeman, Mrs..L»7 H. Bryan,
Mrs. and Miss Blair, Mrs. Breyfogle,
Mrs. Arthur Koster, Miss Anna Koster,
Mrs. Jessie Godley, Mrs. John Landers,
Mrs. William Landers, Miss Pearl Lan
ders, Mrs. Adam Grant, Mrs. de Greay
er, Mrs. Russell Wilson, Miss Wilson,
Mrs. Fred Wood, Mrs. . Sidney Van
Wyck, Mrs. Sidney Van Wyck Jr., Mrs.
Ynez Shorb White, Mrs. Henry "Weth
erbee, Miss Helen Bailey, Mrs. Spencer
Brown, Mrs. George Colburn, Mrs. Hen
ry Clement, Miss Mae Colburn, Mrs.
Hen?y Crocker, Mrs. C. C. Clay, Mrs.
John Curry, Mrs. D. D. Colton, Mrs. M.
H. de Young, Mrs. Dunbar, Mrs. Din
gee, Mrs. Henry Foster Duttpn, Miss
May Dillon. Mrs. Frank Deering; Mrs.
Ellinwood, Miss Ellinwood, Mrs. Selden
S. Wright, Mrs. Mills, Mrs. James Otis,
Mrs. Charles F. Pond, Mrs. Theodore
'The committee which supplied the
dainty supper included Mrs. Reed, Mrs.
Fair, Miss 'Bolton and- Miss Gordon.
Among the hostesses were Mrs. Victor
Lewis, Mrs. Christian, Mrs. Fair. Mrs.
Louis R. Burgess. Mrs. Jesse Langdon.
Mrs. Patterson, Mrs. Briggs, Idiss Edith
Henrici, Mrs. Coolidge, Mrs. Serratt,
the Misses O'Hara, Miss Hobbs, Miss
Lola Berry, Mrs. Fred Andrews, Miss
Mhoon, Mrs. Gafrard, Misses Garrard,
Miss Jane Sweigert, Miss Ethelwynne
Lewis, Miss Gordon, Miss Katherine
Selfridge, Miss Ethel Kent, Miss Mattie
Milton and Miss Maye Colburn.
Altogether the leap year dance was
the cleverest affair of the, year, and
distinctly the jolliest.
. The ; famous leap .year cotillon at
the Presidio has come and gone, leav
ing behind it many merry memories
and some few deep reflections. The
dance was exclusively in the hands of
the maids and matrons of the trinity
of posts about the bay, and for the first
time, in four years they knew how it
felt-to be free to ask the fellows they
liked best to go to the function with
them, and — radiant Joy — to ask them to
dance, or to let them fulfill the joyful
'role of wallflowers. However, the girls
disdained, to even old scores, and the
men- were asked to dance promptly and
often. And they were so coy in ac
cepting — "So sweet of you, Miss ,
to ask me, don't- you know."
"Well, it was great fun; This choos
ing, this new year law of selection was
a Joy thrice over. But alas! there
were the flowers and cab ' and ether
evening things to pay fcr — and that,
that, too, was the obligation of the
hostesses. ¦• And they made good, every
one. , .
• The commanding officers. Colonel
Morris,' Colonel Garrard end Colonel
Noble, received the guests in the fa
mous old rriess hall and were assisted
by the following ladles: Miss Ethel
wynne Lewis, : Mrs. • Patterson, Miss
Miss Morris, Miss Berry, Miss
Sweigrert. Mrs. Victor Lewis and Mrs.
Mlioon. .
PARKIS0N WINS
WOODWARD CASE
BOYS CHARGED
WITH ROBBERY
OFFICERS DANCE
AT FIRST LEAP
YEAR FUNCTION
MARIE KNAUER BREAKS DOWN
AN D GIVES WAY TO TEARS
Former/Alleged Wife 'of Aged Wealthy German Has Fit of
Hysteria When -Confronted With Documents -Which
Show Kxistence <?f a Marriage With August Libbe
THE SANv-iFRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 9, 1904.
16
HALE'S. > | H A.TiTI'S.
Fit Out the Children
To-Day at Hale's. *
(For school next week.) lip \.
School. Stockings, I2}4c, 15c and 25c. ... (Our irn thread stockings
at 25c beat them all for wear.) ; ,
School handkerchiefs. .iVac. .^c: cambric, with hemstitching .ana
lace borders; ioc for pure linen ones.
Girls Woolen Mittens. 25c.
Girls' and boys" Kid Gloves. $1.00. •
.Children's Oneita Union Suits, ankle length", finished across ihe
front with silk stitching, pearl buttons, 50c. Half wodl ones, $1.00.
Hair Ribbons, No. 7 satin taffetas (iVs inches), 6c. Onlv the best col-
ors. Worth ioc. ; ! '-"
Children's Mohair Hats, 49c; formerly 75c and $1.00. Reds, castors,
grays and navy blues. Just the thing to fill the season out.
. - But best of all are these
- Girls^ Three-Quarter Coats $5;00, $6.75.
We can't buy them at wholesale to-day- for as 1 -tie as that. / i
Beautiful kerseys in blues and castors. SofC silky, pure wool material;
in medium weight— far better quality than you can get regularly it
$5.00 and $6.00. Then look at the style, at the fancy buttons, at -the
inlaid velvet trimmings. They both have loose backs.and large puff*
sleeves., , a
The $6.75 ones have capes. .
Hen's Shirts. Undermuslin Time
, Golfs and .stiff bosoms. 50c to^Jf£ 1 g? a 1 SF?K- e Z% V^J^
Ones we'll Sell at gowns, chemises, corset covers and so
.on. We'll Just take the skirts. If you ,
Q"7I/#fc are thinking of sretting a new skirU
O/ 72v don't think too long.
Madras cloth and ¦ percales in 6jCl value $I.OO.
light, medium and dark shades. soft cambric, umbrella shaped flopnc* with
f Pinks 'nri hiues 1 There are all embroidery ruffle and fine tucks. Also pt*ln
V-rinKs i-nQ oiucs.; 1 nere are an wlth g hemst n C hed tucks, extra duat
sizes from 14 to 17. Some of them mme.
might show their, handling. They q- c: value $1.50.
will likely all go to-day at this v mfe soft cambric, umbrella shaped
new price, 37l4c. > flounce: some with rowa of lace Insertion.
_¦ cluster of tucks and wldo lac« ruffle. Others
with deep embroidery flounces, extra, dust
.,10 Cents ; ruffle - 5 I<38: va i ne § 2 .2 S .
For any Of theSC Toilet 'Articles Many styles, all of. fine cambric: timbrellal
-.',',:,' , - shaped flounces with- Insertions of Point d» ;
. -tO-da\. Paris lace, fine tucks, deep lace edce to'
- T~,»h *,,,.>. match: other styles handsomely trimmed j
T^otn P^fde'r. . • ~" h wlde dust ruffle.
Dresslne comb. w .^1.47: I'dlllC §2.$O. ,
Whisk' broom. 5 Fine cambric, umbrella shaped flounces .
Kottle of Florida Vater. w «h Insertions of torchon and Point de,
Bar of slycerlne soap. Paris lace, wide lace ruffle to match and an.
Cake of castlle scap. extra dust ruffle.
NaU brush. .. , — % •**
Uox of face powder. • SflTtirnflV CdTid V
Ilottle of colosne. » VailUJ
An abbreviated list of to-day's Get it at Hale's.
needs at an abbreviated price. Good reasons why. '
ic*t mr J&f jinn Box Chewing Candy ioc.
ffiwa^VtCTv^ _¦¦¦_ J& 0% That new one that is taklns so well.
Mr m » ifT* J3& Sweet Dixie Pickaninnies, a delicious
Jgg7 jflffl <»Mly<Bp»*gS» ; jM«lgPI nut molasses candy. Big box of It to-
"^^^222^^^ day ' rip Chocolate Chips 5c.
Market Street, Near Sixth. Those with molasses centers.
MABKS BROS.
Marks Bros.
8 BIG CLEARANCE ft
Specials 0
Muslin Drawers 30c
Ofln Clearance Price for 50c,
OUC Umbrella Drawers. Made
of heavy muslin, neatly trimmed
in embroidery and tucks.
Women 's Hosiery 15c
1 C n Clearance Price for all
IOC K our 25c and 35c Fancy
Ribbed Hosiery.
Flannel Gowns 35c r
QC n Clearance Price for 65c
w^C Mother Hubbard Flannel
Gowns, pink and blue stripes.
Oxford Waists 65c
/?'/»/»• Clearance Price for $1.00
UUL oxford Waists, in pretty
black and white polka dot pat-
terns. Several pretty styles to
select from.
Supporters 10c
in -I Clearance 'Price for 25 c
I UC g e /f and Side Supporters,
made of a durable quality, of
sateen. %%}'{
Taffeta Ribbons 10c
1Drt Per y ar d f° r our 15 e an d
IUC 20c Luster Taffeta Rib-
bon, 4%. inches wide.
Knit Petticoats 25c
0 %n * or our an d 75c Knit
LOG Petticoats in pink, blue
and black and white. ' .
Mercer/zed Petticoats
_»_ 70c -— 1
7 fin Clearance Price for S1.00
/ "f* Mercerized Sateen Petti-
coats, made with deep accordeon
plaited flounce, dust ruffle.
¦ - e ' \ ¦ ¦ ¦ ' ¦ '¦ » " ¦ '- ;
jGreen Trading Stamps With All Pur-
chases. : V v .
MARKS BROS.
HONEST VALUES
1220-1222-1224 MARKET STREET.
B^ween Taylor and Jonfs. ' , ;
ADVERTISEMENTS.
_ _^
The World's Cure
For the
<#»»• HOLIDAY
W Chatelaine
I Bags. J
ft Were $1.00. 51.50 and $2.00. /j
ft R .! d . 1 !??* . t ": : : : : : : : : : : * 5 0 c
i&L SEAI. CHATELAIXE BAGS—. fef
El Vv'ere $2.00. $2.50, $3.00. Jt.OO. H
C-ri Reduced to 7C/, I i
jH "WRIST BAGS— "Were 73c. Re- P
rV-I duced to Cflr I '
Mm OvfC t-?
Mm seal leather shopping p
§<§ BAGS — Were $1.23. <7K r V
ra Reduced to C OV^ ||
If Great reductions tn some f
if eleeant lines of fashionable 1
if . stationery. includins Berlin's V
n celebrated papers. Mall orders I
H promptly filled. " 1
I > THAT MAN PITTS, j
fi P. Vf. PITTS. The Stationer. t
1% 10C3 Market St., Above Powell / .
W\ St., San Francisco. /£
I WAR I
RISKS
— AT ;
Lowest Rates
FIREMAN'S FUND
INSURANCE COMPANY
-THEBOARD : OF V
LONDON WINE MERCHANTS'
HAS SELECTED
DRYMONOPOLE
A3 THE.5EST
CHAMPAGNE IN THE
j^ WORLDS ; ..^
§|||^|
¦ PARKER'S |
. J Balsawi I
< Fromotes the growth of the hair and 2
<? glTes ltthe lustre aadsaanessofyouta. S
,; When tfce batr 13 gray or faded tt £
5 BRINGS BACX THE YOUTHFUL COLOR. |
S It prevents Dandruff and hatr famwj S
j and keep3 the scalp clean and healthy J '