PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SA^ FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, JANUARY 21, 1904.
Special Cablegram to Th* Call and Xeir Tor*
Herald. Copyright, 1904. by the N«w Yor'<
Herald Publishing Company.
SEOUL, Jan. 21.— The Emperor of
Korea has ordered 700 revolvers and
clubs distributed to the peddlers, who
are nominally secret police and who
are a dangerous element. Many Ko
reans are leavins Seoul, fearing trou
ble.
I to-day Interviewed 'American Min
ister Allen, who said:
"The American position here is pecu
liar. The legation is surrounded by a
large force of Korean troops. There
are American women and children liv
ing in Seoul and there Is extensive
American electric railway and lighting
property here. An accidental killing
by electric cars is liable to cause riots,
such as previously occurred when a
mob led by Korean soldiers attacked
American citizens. The natives are gen
erally devoted to Americans. The small
Americans Jkm*
ply Protected by
Marines.
KOREAN EMPEROR ARMS SECRET POLICE
AND OUTBREAK IS IMMINENT IN SEOUL
Continued on Pace 2, Column ft
'PRETORIA,, Jan. 20.— The Asiatic
labor x bill passed • Its. second reading
before the Legislative Council • to-day.
Coolie t Bill r on Second Reading.
Cabling from Tokio the correspondent
of the Standard says the Privy Council
has approved an urgent ordinance em
powering the commanders of admiralty
stations to prevent foreign warships,
by force . if .necessary, from, entering
Japanese newspapers publish a report
from continental sources, the corre
spondent continues, that Russia has de
cided to appeal to the powers to avert
war. This is regarded here as proof
of Russia's unreadiness to make satis
factory concessions.
LONDON." Jan. 21.— The Tokio corre
spondent of the Reuters Telegram Com
pany cables that the Privy Council met
yesterday and received a lengthy and
detailed report from Foreign Minister
Komura on the negotiations with Rus
sia.
Review of the Xotcs Exchanged by
Jokio and St. Petersburs:.
HISTORY OF NEGOTIATIONS.
With his flye-year-old .brother^ Eddie.
Elliott was hunting .squirrels.. He was
armed only with a 22-caliber rifle. -In
a .clumD of Jb>ushes the lads were at
tacked by a. wolf, unusually, large for
his species In this State. The younger
boy took refuge in 'flight, while Elliott
gave'battle-to the wolf. The animal,
evidently having been driven down
from the mountains by the recent
shows, was ferocious. \ The boy - fired
a shot from his toy rifle and ' before
the wolf reached ; him had discharged
the weapon twice more. All three bul
lets took effect, but not sufficiently to
disable the animal, which leaped at the
boy and fastened' his -fangs in the
youngster's leg.
Elliott, being unable to fire another
shot because : of the close quarters,
grappled .with the beast, seizing it -by
the throat. The animal snarled and
snapped viciously, but the lad held his
grip tightly; dropping his rifle and ap
plying air his strength with both hands
in an effort to shut off the wind of his
antagonist. This style of defense
proved <: effective. ; the wolf finally'los
ing strength and ceasing to struggle. r \
While the wolf lay gasping upon the
ground the lad dispatched It by cut
.tirig Its throat with a pocketknife.
: SALT. LAKE, Utah, Jan. 20.— Elliott
Terry, a 13-year-old boy of Boxelder
County, • is the hero of a desperate en
counter with , a big gray wolf. The
lad emerged victorious from the con
flict with .'nothing more, serious "than a
flesh wound in the les to remind him
of it.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Clibkes Life Out of Fe
robious Beast TMt
AttacMHim.
"In the meantime a large consign
ment of cartridges and gunpowder
reached Seoul yesterday consigned to
Yi Yung Ik. His followers are exceed
ingly numerous, including the ancient
guild of Po Sung, which Is relatively a
very strong organization. The Britten
legation increased its guard this morn-
Ing, sixteen more men having arrived."
"The Korean people and officials
largely blame Yi Yung Ik for the con
stantly increasing troubles and great
distress throughout the country. Yl
Yung Ik Is the most powerful favorite
ever protected by an Eastern monarch,
and he largely controls the Emperor's
personal treasury and the Government's
official funds. Yi Yung Ik is a Russian
protege, and his remarkable influence
with the Emperor has alone prevented
the opening of Wiju and other much
needed reforms. Many petitions are be
ing made to the Emperor for the favor
ite's execution or banishment, includ
ing one yesterday from the Prime Min
ister, and a powerful secret society al
ready formed and possessing more than
3000 members has sworn to kill YI Yung
Ik and two other favorite officials.
coterie of temporarily influential
courtiers is opposed to them because of
personal reasons. The circumstances
therefore -indicated the advisability of
providing an ample guard. ; The Ameri
cans are now fully protected and I con
sider conditions safe. The American
guard is orderly and well liked, sensa
tional reports to the contrary being en
tirely unwarranted.
"The prompt action of various na
tions in bringing guards here has done
much to insure the safety of foreigners,
but it is certain that danger still exists,
only needing some unfortunate incident
at this critical moment to start a riot,
which undoubtedly would be led by Ko
rean soldiers.
BOY KILLS
WOLF WITH
HIS HANDS
DIPLOMATS WHO ARE TAKING PROMINENT PART IN THE RUSSO
JAPANESE EMBROGHO AND THE CHINESE COMMANDER WHO
WILL GUARD THE BORDER AGAINST INVADERS.
SPRINGFIELD, Ohio," Jan. 20.'— The
estate of cx-GoverhbrAsa.S.iBuahneIl
is said to amount to nearly ?7,000,000.
Rushnell's Rich' Estate.
FRESN6, Jan.. 20.-^George -Edwards
was seriously hurt^by^a dynamite,ex
plosion 'which occurred' tfeis morning at
the 5 Roblrisoh rarich^ about . five miles
north of town. Theaccldent was caused
by. 'the carelessness .of ! Edwards, .who
the 'nightbefore^put three' sticks of dy.'
namiie into" his stove^6" thaw" them out
Injured by Explosion of Dynamite.
Skeleton IsFoiirid.
\ SANTA CRUZ, Jan. 2f}]±— The skele
ton jof a man -was found; Wednesday
on , James , Swinf ord'a ranch; up the
coast ¦; near the^cliff s ..buried two 'I feet
under groundr"rrTHeYskereton is Sup
posed to.be that of a sailbr.whose body
was ¦ washed ashore ? about . thirty .years .
ago- and buried jriear- : theVcliffs.; t . :
Murderer Appeals , to ¦ Governor.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. ,, 20.—Applica
tion ; was made to 'Governor, Pardee. to
day, for^a. commutation 1 to lifeiimpris
onment. of the death » sentence- im
posed 'upon William Gloveri for the
murder iv of : Frederick i Nierhoff near
Auburn,;^ Placer;' County, Un 1902.
Gloveri was -to ihave.x been; hanged iat
Fqlsom; prison Decemberil 2,^ 1 9 02.? but
appealed^to -the.;Supreme r Courts arid
ther execution was stayed." . - .
GRAND RAPIDS. Mich.. Jan. 20.—
"Guilty as charged, with recommenda
tion to the court for mercy," is the
verdict rendered by the Superior Court
to-day in the case against Alderman
Jacob P. -JSHcn of the First Ward,
charged with Laving accepted a bribe
of J3S0 from ex -City Attorney Salsbury
In the Lake Michigan water deal scan
dal. The jury was out a little less
than two hours. Ellen was remanded
to the custody of the Sheriff until Sat
urday morning for sentence ' and ; was
Grand Itanids Itoodlcr Convicted.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 20. — The an
nual meeting of the Retail Hardware
Dealers' Association of Northern Cal
ifornia waa held in the Masonic Tem
ple in this city to-day. John C. White
of Marysville. who has been the pres
ident of the association for six years,
presiding over the meeting:. Officers
will be elected to-morrow and in the
evening there ~"j be a banquet. .
Hardware Dealers in Convention.
Bottom Drops Out of Prone Market.
TACOMA, j Jan. % ,20.— A \ dispatch
from Vancouver, Wash., says that the
bottom has so completely dropped out
of the /prune market | that . there ' are
practically no sales at any price. , Al
most all of last year's crop, estimated
at ,$2,000,000, is stored away 'in driers
and warehouses. Dealers say there is
no immediate prospect of anychange
in market conditions,. leading growers
to the ; conclusion ; that- the ;• crop - has
become unprofitable.. The prices of
fered are , not -sufficient to cover the
cost of production. . ... ,. -
SCHENECTADY, ,N. Y., Jan. 20.—
Plans, to equal and possibly beat the
speed record of 120 miles an hour
made at Prossen, Germany, ; some
time ago, were made to-day at a«con
ference between officials and experts
representing the New York Central
Railroad .and , the General Electric
Company. I The tests j are to be made
on the tracks -between' this city and
Hoffman. If present. plans hold, the
Central thus will, be, enabled to run
trains through New York City and on
ik suburban lines at an unparalleled
rate of speed.
New York* Central Will Make an Ef
fort to Exceed 120 Miles
an Hour. . ' '*'?£*:•
RAILROAD PLANS TO
BREAK SPEED RECORD
Dtrction to Fill Vacancy in House of
g Commons Results in Defeat of
Reform Candidate.
LONDON. Jan. 20. — The by-election
at Gates Head, to fill the seat in the
House of Commons made vacant by
the recent dc-uth of Sir William Allan,
Advanced Radical, has resulted in a.
Victory for John Johnson, Liberal Free
Trader, by a majority of 1205 votes
over Lord Morpeth. Unionist and Re
former.
FREE TRADER WILL
SUCCEED A RADICAL
PATERSON, X. J.. Jan. 20.— Mrs.
Arthur Oswald was arrested to-day on
the charge of murdering her. six- year
old son at her home in Oakland. . She
is believed to be insane. The tragedy
was discovered by the woman's hus
band when he returned home late last
night. As he entered the diniiig-room
he was horrified to see j the headless
body of his six-year-old son lying on
the floor. The head lay near the
body. Near by lay the body of his
pet dog, which also had been behead
ed. Oswald found h's wife lying in
bed with her young baby in her arms.
She was singing softly to the infant.
Near the bed her two other children
lay sleeping in a crib. The woman
did not recognize her husband nor
seem to understand what was said to
her. .
New Jersey Man Shocked to Find His
Son Dead and His Wife Singing
to Infants. .
MOTHER ARRESTED FOR
MURDERIXG HER CHILD
VICTORIA, B. C, Jan. "20.— H. Mau
rice Hills, solicitor, who drew- up the
will of 1898 for "Alexander Dunsmuir, 1
gave evidence this afternoon in the suit
brought-' by Edna Wallace Hopper
against James Dunsmuir to break the
will of Alexander Durismuir.lthat .when
he had . given ] the will to.^ Alexander
Dunsmuir the dead' ' millionaire ,\had
said, r "Does lt ; leave everything abso
lutely to James?" '}, ' •, .. ' . 4
replied, "Absolutely." .
'Dunsmuir then said, "Then I'll. sign
it." .; *;/ "••• ¦ : ¦• ; "¦¦ -;-: : '.
On cross-examination ' witness said
Dunsmuir : had looked dissipated when
he saw hinV previously, as if -he drank
heavily., .Witness' knew ; of the will 'of
1899, now in question. He had 'advised
Dunsmuir.^to retain -the ':' previous ,one.
The sisters .were much dissatisfied -with
the second » will, that of' 1899. .'.Witness
told of conversations with James Duns
muir advising v him to tell • the. sisters
.that; the Twill of 1899 merely, had been
signed on' account of Dunsmuir's mar
riage ' invalidating that of the 'previous
year. ,The second will was similar to
the 'first. / 1 : :' : V
H. Maurice Hills, a Solicitor, Gives Im
-. portant Testimony in Suit Brought ""
t ¦ ' < by Edna Wallace Hopper. f > A*;
SAYS DEAD MILLIOXAIRE
* KXEW CONTEXTS OF WILL
NEW HAVEN, Conn.. Jan. 20.— The
answer of. William J. TJryar* to the ap
peal from the probate court brought by
the heirs of the late Philo S. Bennett
¦was filed in .the Superior Court to-day.
In the answer Mr. Bryan figures both
a? executor of the Bennett will and as
trustee the terms of the will, in
effect the answer declares that the
scaled letter referred to in the will
makes it the duty of the executor to
pay J3O.C00 to Mrs: Bennett to be turned
ovtr to William J. Bryan, and that sec
lion 12 of the will, mentioning the
scaled letter, is valid.
nies Answer Declaring .It to lie His
Duty to Pay Himself $50,000
r Out of Estate.
BRYAX PLAYS DOUBLE ROLE
ix bexxett will cask
DENVER. Jan. 20.— Additional ar
rests have been made as a result of
the investigation of charges of fraud
at the recent elections. The persons
arrested are Mrs. Ella J. Caldwell,
Herman Kastner and William Barber,
who served us election judges ' or
clerks in December when charter del
egates were chosen. Bonds were fur
nished and they were released pend
ing trial. They are charged with
•willfully, maliciously, corruptly and
negligently violating the election
laws." There are now eleven persons
resting under charges of frauds at
elections and -the hearing will begin
on Saturday next. \ ;•'¦'• :'.
Kcccnt Disclosures Result . in Arrest
of Three More Clerks and
Judges.
MORE FRAUDS FOUND
IX DENVER ELECTION
Declare for Roosevelt.
LINCOLN. Xeb., Jan. 20.— The Re
publican State Central Committee to
day decided to hold the State conven
tion at Lincoln on Wednesday, May IS.
Resolutions Were adopted favoring the
renomination of President Roosevelt
and the nomination of John L. Web
ster of Nebraska for Vice President.
ANNAPOLIS, Md., Jan. 20.— The first
joint ballot to-day for United States
Senator resulted as follows: John Wal
ter Smith 29, Isidor Rayner 38, Bernard
Carter 11, Joshua Miles 4 and Louis E.
McComas 58. The first four are Demo
crats.
Rayner Leads in the Balloting.
SAN BERNARDINO, .Jan. 20.—Ose
nia.Mothato, a Mexican, well known, in
the Spanish section of this city, lost his
life to-nijjjht while trying to rescue I.is
4-year-old son Juan from their burning
home. As a result of the. fire:a wife
and mother, is s frantic with grief and
four little fatherless ones are .left with
out a roof to shelter "them. . v -
The fire, which was caused by a de
fective flue, broke~out on the north side
of the Mothato home, which was locat
ed in South C street. A heavy wind
which had been blowing all day caught
the flames and before an alarm could
be sounded the cottage was enveloped
by fire. The mother gathered four, of
the children to her and rushed, out into
the night, escaping injury. The father
and the boy Juan were in bed and it
was not until the home was filled with
smoke and fire"" that Mothato awoke.
He sprang toward the cradU in which
the child slept and : as he stooped: to
pick up the babe the roof of the, house
fell, pinning him, to the floor. The fire
men found ¦ Mothato 's •' charred ; body
after the fire had .been extinguished. In
the crib they found .the child./ It •evi
dently had j been "smothered by. smoke.
The houseywas totally.- destroyed;* ' ¦ .
The fire alarms were sounded while
the opera-house; /was ' filled. : .Three
members of -the fire department were,
in the gallery and started at once "for.
the door. §j Thenoise of : their exit'al
most caused a panic.;,' The -door's had
been closed und ;" the " audience : was
forcibly restrained, "or ,a^ dreadful . ca
.tastrophe might have followed,* as 'the
gallery was 'crowded and the stair
ways are narrow. .' - ¦
Special, Dispatch to The Call,
-JOHNSTOWN, Pa.,. Jan. 21.—An-im
mens'e'steam pipe" directly" over the en
gine' in the boiler room of No. 2 mill of
the Cambrian Steel : Company exploded
at 1 : 30 ] o'clock this • morning, bringing
down the entire ' section f of the room
running, from the puddling mill .to the
finishing shed of _the> mill. The wood
work af:?once' took, fire from • the fur
naces,' and- at 3 o'clock was still burn
ingflercely. .-.-. ¦:: ' • :: ~ :
: It is known that at least twelve, and
possibly fifteen, men <are under the de
bris. - Fifteen others 'have been taken
out alive. .It is impossible at- present
to learn the extent of their injuries,
but it is, known that several are in a
critical condition.
Added to, the fire, and; explosion, a
large water pipe burst and flooded the
ground about the scene of the accident.
Father Perishes in
a Fire in His
Dwelling.
Bursting ol a Steam
Pipe Kills Many
Workmen,
DIES WHILE
TRYING TO
SAVE BABE
ENTOMBED
IN DEBRIS
OF A MILL
Count Cassini forwarded to the Era
bassadors and Ministers in Washing
ton the note of the Secretary of State.
This request from the White House
went to Count Cassini, Russian Em
bassador and dean of the diplomatic
corps. The secretaries and attaches
told one another. They were talking
about it all Wednesday afternoon, at
homes frequented by the diplomatic
corps and in the clubs.
For some reason, although most of
the members of the diplomatic corps
appear to excellent advantage in their
court' dress, they dislike to don gold
embellished garments, >and some, of
them have been ¦¦: wearing citizens'
dress.
appcars^that. most" of * the"
diplomats jumped to the Wrong con
clusion. There will be no radical
change.- Count Cassini received yes
terday from Secretary Hay a brief,
note stating that it Was the desire of
the President that all members of the
diplomatic corps who attend the
evening reception of the season should
appear at the. White House in their
diplomatic uniforms. The request Is
taken by Count Cassini merely to re
fer to the reception .by the President
to the Judiciary to-morrow evening
and the Congressional and army re- 1
ceptions to follow in the order named.
The diplomatic reception last year
brought out all of the diplomats in
their official court dress. The recep
tion is given for them, and all who are
not absent from the city " or ill are
punctilious in their attendance. At
the receptions other than, the diplo
matic reception to which they were
bidden last year some of the diplo
mats wore their court uniform arid
others, did not. At this year's diplo
matic reception, which occurred on
January 7. several of the diplomats
were not in uniform. The result was
a trifle incongruous, and the request
from the State Department is the re
sult.
CALL BUREAU/ 1406 G STREET,
N. W., WASHINGTON, Jan. 20. — It
is evident that "Jeffersonian simplic
ity" is on the wane in Washington.
The order. from Secretary Loeb that
all White House attaches wear uni
forms is now followed by this request
to diplomats:
"Wear your court uniform at every
White House function, whether even
ing reception, Friday . evening musi
cales or weekly afternoon receptions
by Mrs. Roosevelt."
Special Dispatch to The Call
The news from Kentucky that Rep
resentative Hunter was conducting a
Hanna propaganda in the blue grass
region resulted in the departure | to
night of John W. Ycrkes, Commis
sioner of Internal Revenue and a mem
ber of 'the national committee, for
Louisville to undo Hunter's work. It
is claimed by the anti-Roosevelt fac
tion that should Hanna announce, his
candidacy he would get every delegate
from Kentucky. The Tennessee situa
tion also is to be grappled with at once.
The rampant Hanna sentiment in In
diana set several members of Congress
from that State to writing letters to
all of their constituents of prominence,
urging them to get the local forces into
line for the President. .
The news from New Tork, verifying
reports spread in Washington that
New York would not instruct for
President, caused positive uneasiness
among the advisers of the President.
What steps will bo taken are by no
means clear, but something will be
done at the proper time to acquaint
Sena Lor Flatt, ft«J r GvTertior-OdeIl-wlf!l
the belief of the that
New York- is either for or against the
President, and that if it is for him it
will instruct every delegate to vote for
Roosevelt.
CALL. BUREAU, 140« G STREET,
NY W., WASHINGTON, Jan. 20.—
Friends of the administration have
decided to begin an aggressive fight
for delegates to the national conven
tion. They believe they have waited
long enough, and they are going to
combat the effort which they are now
convinced will be made to prevent in
structions for the President, with a
view of defeating him in the conven
tion by a stampede to some other Re
publican. There is to be lively fighting
not only in Ohio, where Senator For
akcr is laying his plans for a campaign
for the President and against Senator
Hanna, but in New York, Indiana, Il
linois and Kentucky, where the no-in
struction idea seems to be rapidly
gaining ground.
Special Dirpatcli to Tbs Call
The closing arguments in the case
Tvere made last night. Assistant Dis
trict Attorney Ferral appearing for
the. prosecution. He was followed by
Hugh Mclsaacs and Frank Drury for
the defense. The concluding argu
ment for the prosecution was made by
District Attorney Byington. The jury
went out at 10 and returned with its
verdict in about an hour.
The trial began on January 11 and
strong circumstantial evidence was
introduced. It was shown that Bow
ers, uhen first taken ill, was removed
to a sanitarium, where he began rap
idly to recover. Later he was taken
to his home. and. despite the efforts of
the attending physicians, sank rap
idly. Later he was removed to an
other hospital, but died a few hours
after his arrival there. It was also
shown that about this time MrsI Bow
ers had drawn a considerable sum of
money from a local savings bank. The
money had been deposited in the joint
names of herself and husband, that
either might draw it. The theory of
Ihe prosecution was that Mrs. Bowers
wished to cot rid of her husband that
che might be free to consort with
others who seemed to have a stronger
hold upon her affections.
The formal charges were filed on
fc'eptembfi' 5 and on :>eptcnil>er 22 the
women wore given their preliminary
hearing before Judge Cabaniss. He
did not consider the evidence against
Mrs. Sutton strong enough to warrant
him in holding her and she was ac
cordingly discharged, while Mrs. Bow
ers was held to appear before the Su
perior Court.
An investigation followed and both
Mrs. Dowers and Mrs. Sutton were
taken into custody. At the inquest it
yas shown that Bowers had died of ar
senical poisoning and Mrs. Sutton was
accused of having secured the deadly
drug on a forged prescription.
Mrs. Martha E. Boners was found
guilty of murder in the first degree by
a jury in Judge Carroll Cook's court
last night. The jury fixed the penalty
at life imprisonment.
The accusation against Mrs. Bowers
and her sister, Mrs. Zylpha Sutton, of
conspiring jointly to slay the husband
of the former forms an interesting:
chapter in the criminal history of San
Francisco. Last August Bowers, who
wSs a bridge builder by occupation,
died, supposedly of ptomaine poison
ing. Certain circumstances connected
ivith his death, notably the facts thai
Mrs. Bowers was at the time consort
ing with one Patrick Lervy and had
drawn a large sum of money from the
bank, aroused tuspicion.
Jury Listens to Arguments and Returns
Its Verdict After but One Hour's
Deliberation.
New York and Ohio to Be Battle
ground in Contest for Control of
National Convention.
State Department Sends Official Note
on Subject to the Dean of the
Foreign Corps.
Will No Longer Ignore Ac
tiYity ol Anti-Adminis
tration Faction.
— •
Friends o! Roosevelt
to Work Among
Delegates.
ConFicted ol HaTing Slowly
Poisoned Her Husband
Wltu Arsenic
»
Martha E. Bowers Is
Pound Guilty as
Charged.
Request o! Secretary
Hay Regarding
Receptions.
Court Dress to Be Worn
at Functions in the
Wiiite House.
PRESIDENT
BEGINS HIS
CAMPAIGN
DIPLOMATS
MUST DON
UNIFORMS
LIFE TERM
IS FATE OF
MURDERESS
VOLUME XCV— NO. 52.
Alcarfar— "Mri. Jack."
iWRornla — "The Fatal Wed
din*. w
Central— "A Bowtry Olrl."
Fischex'i — "Th« Btanty Shoo."
Grand — "One Hiffht In June."
Oxphenm — Vaudeville. Matins*
to-day.
Chute* — Vaudeville.
Tivoli — "When Johnny Comes
Marching Home."
Columbia— "Mm. Deerinsfi Di
vorce."
lyric Ball— Barton Holmes.
THE " TXSAT^SJCS.
rorecatt »a,ie at Sin Fras
eiico for thirty hours endiar
miinisrht. January 21:
San rrancl»co and rlcinity—
Ttiir Thursday, becominr eloudr
at nlrnt; lirht frost In the morn
ing:; light north wind.
A. O. McAJBIE,
District Forecaster.
TEX WBATXZB.
The San Francisco Call.To Prevent the .Grip.
Laxative • Bromo Quinine removes the cause.
To set the genuine call for tbe lull name.' 25c. *
.: The National Hospital for Insane
Indians at Canton, S. D., has finished
its-first year. At the beginning it had
thirty-four patients, half of Its ca
pacity. In a few months it was filled.
According to "Superintendent Giffpfd,'
the number of insane Indians js, t cori-'.
Stan tly increasing, the chief cftuse b£
ing despondency.- Lack ofacttve oc
cupation, hunting and* the like . is the
chief (cause of this.-— New York Com
"niereial-Advertiser./ ¦:¦ '— ' -~-~ ~— r -•*• -
Insanlty Among Indians.
BERLIN, Jan. 20.— The German Gov
ernment _ has „ become privy . to the . fact
that France declines to give Russia^any
assurances of farmed - help' should .war
be' the outcome of the Far Eastern dif-
Alliance" With Russia Not Binding In
Far Eastern Dispute.
FRANCE DECLINES TO AID.
At a meeting to be held this even-,
'ing in~"the headquarters of Lincoln
Camp of the Sons* of Veterans. TJ. S.
A., the- will be organized and insti
'« tuted a new society to be known Jas
j the Ladies' Aid Society, auxiliary \ to
; the camp named. It is to'be.com
i posed of the mothers, wives, daugh
j ters and lineal female descendants
(.over the age of 16 of honorably dis-
J charged soldiers or marines : of the
i Civil "War. Soldiers' sons will also be
! eligible. i .
Ladles' Aid Society.
A new cartridge for .target practice
by marines, especially for ranges of
about twenty-five yards, has been
devised. The bullet will weigh sev
enty-eight grains and will be .31
of an. inch V in diameter, or
a-- diameter .002 of: an- inch
greater than the bore of the rifle.
Three grains -of smokeless powder
will be used, and with the experi
ments that have been made excellent
results have been attained at twenty
five yards. — N. Y. Commercial. :
A New Practice Cartridge.
SHANGHAI. Jan. 20. — The Vice
roys of Nanking and Wxichang are
sending their best troops to reinforce
the army commanded' by Yuan' Shi
Kai, the Viceroy of Chili province. "•
vTIENTSIN,- Jan. 20.— It is authori
tatively announced that Viceroy Yuan
Shi Kai has definitely decided to guard
the - Chili-Manchurian border ¦/ in " the
event of war between Russia and Japan
and that he has arranged to transfer
2000 troops to the frontier. '
China Wili Protect the Frontier in the
Event of War. ,.,
SENDING TROOPS TO CHILI.
- While Policeman Thompson was on
a car early _yesterday morning: on Mar-
I ket street, jl man jumped oh and In
| formed him that there was a burglar
j in James Hanson's restaurant, 1119
i Market street. -Thompson went to the
j restaurant and found Hanson holding
i James O'Brien by the coat collar. Han
¦ son told the officer that he had been
I lying in wait for three nights for a
: burglar who had been stealing articles
| from his place and had caught O'Brien
i in the. act. O'Brien was booked at the
! City Prison on a charge of burglary."
Lies in Wait for Burglar.
Origin of- "Orrery."
The Earl of Cork and Orrery, who *
has been \ unveiling _ the. .beautiful
memorial windows in Wells Cathe
dral to the 20 Somerset men who fell
in the late war, was the right man
In the right place for the . ceremony,
f of . he 'has been |Iord lieutenant , of
Somersetshire for'a great many years,
arid is warmly Interested in all coun
ty k ;mat,ters. Though five times an
Irish peer. Lord Cork has no seat in
Ireland and he resides most of the
year at Marston Biggott,tnear. Frome,
which gives him his , English' title of
Boyle of Marston.' At Marston Is pre
served the original "'orrery,'^ the as
tronomical instrument designed by
George Graham and called by him af
ter his patron, the fourth Earl 'of Or
rery .—^London. Chronicle. > : .
A Guaranteed Cure for Piles.
; Itching, Blind, Bleeding or Protruding Piles,
'our .• druggist will refund t money If Paio
Untment fails to cure you In S to 14 days. 5Oa*
PARIS, Jan. 20.— There is strong rea
son to believe .that exchanges of com-:
munications are now going, on between
France and Russia concerning th 3. po
sition Russia will finally adopt in re
sponse to the last Japanese note. Long
conferences between Foreign Minister
Delcasse and Russian Ambassador
Nejidof are being .held almost ( -.daily. .
Prior to these Russia had not consulted:
France and Nelidof went to. Cannes., for!
an extended stay, telling his diplomatic,
colleagues that he happily tiad no part
in. the Russo-Japanese., negotiations.
Following .the presentation, of Japan's
last demands, Nelidof gave up Jils ya-:
cation and began frequent conferences
with Delcasse. .
It is expected that the exchange of
views will exert a Btrong influence in
shaping the course Russia will adopt.'
Among the officials and diplomats it is
understood here that the exchanges
will have the following results: ' .'"¦•[.
First, Russia, appreciating the decis
ive nature of the Issues presented In
Japan's last note, desires to obtain the
advice of her neargst political friend;
and second, France wishes to exercise
her influence to \ prevent , a war in
which she \ might become | embroiled.
More particularly France has, begun to
realize that she ought to be. consulted,
concerning Russia's course in: , . China,
as Russia and France jointly, promul
gated the note of March 19, 1902,- setting
forth that they would: . act tpgether
concerning the integrity and free *' de
velopment of China.- •[•'-. .*. •. ;•«:¦ •-• :. •;
1 'Concerning Russia's wish;- to. consult
France, it is -said that v the ! Russian
Foreign Minister, Count LarnBdorff,
has a high regard . for Delcasse's pru
dence.in the difficult situation,. ;';,
•One of the most prominent diplomats
said to-day, that Count Lamsdorff's
Latter Nation Counsels Its -.Ally to
' Mnintnin Peace In Orient, * ;
RUSSIA APPEALS TO FRANCE.
Attorney Charles F. Hanlon, who but
a few days ago arrived In this city
from the East, appeared before Judge
Troutt yesterday and explained his
connection with the Whittell-Boyere
case in such a manner that the court
declared that the attorney could not
be accused of the merest suspicion of
wrongdoing in his manner of handling
the action. "The court," said Judge
Troutt, "very, cheerfully ; exonerates
you from even the suspicion of any
Wrongful 'act' or from the
beginning 'of the case in question to
Its end." * *" V
; Hanlon's . explanation and the re
marks of the^ Judge were ordered
spread upon the minutes of the court,
thus closing, the caLse and, establishing
Mr. Hanlbn's -honesty of purpose.
Completely Vindicates Attorney, Who
Explains to Court Connection With
Whhtell-Boyere Case.
COURT RELIEVES CHARLES
1 F. HAN'LOX OP ALL BLAME
¦SAN JOSE, Jan. 20.— This- was:, the
coldest morning of the. season -in this
valley. Just before sunrise the ther
mometer registered 25 degrees above
zero.
• MILTON, Jan. 20.— The rainfall for
the storm here amounted to .80 of an
inch. Feed is in better condition than
at the corresponding time last year and
stock of all kinds " is. doing well. The
season has been v^ry - favorable for
seeding, and so far "as this section,. is,
concerned the crop and -feed outlook is
very good. \\-':-'\. .
. STOCKTON, Jan. 20.— The cold wave
has struck Stockton. This morning the
thermometer touched 2&\ degrees above
zero. There was a heavy frost and ajl
the small puddles were covered with
ice. . It was the coldest thus far this
season. , . ,
. . LOS ANGELES, Jan. 20.— Unusually
low temperature prevails in ¦ Southern
California to-night. A cold wind blew
from the north all day, and to-night a
killing frost is expected. The moun
tains to the north of this city are cov
ered with snow to a depth it is said of
five inches. Lack of rain in this part of
the State is causing the loss of a large
number of cattle, which for want of
food and water are near the- point, of
starvation. In the canyons near Santa
Monica . there are . huddled .about- 1000
head. No feed or, water is In sight, and
unless rain falls the loss will be heavy.
Similar conditions* are reported from
various parts of the State.
PASADENA, Jan. 20.— There is an
inch of snow on Mount Wilson, a few
miles north of fhis city. The rain" *bf
Monday terminated in wind and in
tense cold.
And right here may be cited the main ob
ject, of arbitration treaties. Their apparent
object is to facilitate the arbitration of -dis
puted questions. , but their, real purpose la to
give the cool headed diplomats of the world
a chance to play?a '.'waiting" or
game untllthe rabble come to their senses. In
this way the statesmen gain -'an opportunity to
adjust matter* according; to international law
*and justice. This is the game being played by
our Eastern f riends, * and- Is the factor that
makes an Eastern war improbable.
Louis; T. Hengstler, professor of in
ternational law at the University of
California, and a man well versed in
the politics? of the -world, believes the
chances for war between Japan and
Russia are' remote, indeed.' His view
of it is that the controversy now go
ing on will wind up in a big cloud
of smoke. Where. there is so much
talk there is Jittle chance ; left for
fighting, so that trom all' appearances
the jawing the two nations are giving
each other. will soon cease. Professor
Hengstler said these things - in his
class-room to-dayi where he" gives lec
iures on international law. Here" is
what he said: ¦ :
The chances for war between Japan and Rus
cia are very slight.: Whenever nations do io
much talking they usually do little fighting.
Certain treaties exiet hetween those two coun
trtes which make war between them practically
impossible. Among these are many commercial
treaties, but I especially refer in this connec
tion to those treaties which give the diplomat
ists of- the two countries a chance to talk. ¦
The cool statesmen of neither country, desire
war. 'Among their "number may be counted
mine ¦. of the brightest minds In . the world.
These men do not. wish war; they are playing
a waiting game. It ' is their object to talk
"treaty \ obligations" ;a.nd "concessions" until
the people cool off. , . v
Professor Hengstler Gives His Views
of the Eastern Situation.
BELIEVES AVAR UNLIKELY.
Unusually Low Temperature
Prevails and Snow Falls to
the North of Los Angeles
In any. summary of the causes of our
success , in steel manufacture great
stress must be laid upon- the early and
multiplied adaptation of electricity as
a motive power in . the -thousand and
one uses ta which it has lent itself so
admirably. Among other applications
tha^ come to mind there are the over
head traveling, electric crane; the elec
tric charging machine that picks up a
box containing a, ton of mixture,
thrusts it into the furnace, empties and
withdraws it; the electric conveyer;
the electric elevator for loading 'the
blast furnaces; the electric buggies
that receive the heated, ingot after it
has been lifted from the soaking pits
and runs it down to the mill; electric
machines for pushing the blooms in
at one. end of the furnace, and electric
tongs for gripping them and pulling
them out at the other end. These are
a few of the uses of electricity, to say
nothing of pneumatic and hydraulic
power. that, conjointly with similar ex
hibitions of ingenuity, forethought and
administrative skilr in mine, ship and
railroad, have enabled our manufac
turers to sell "three pounds of steelfor
2 cents," . .while . paying the highest
wages in the world to labor and re
turning the princeliest of fortunes to
capital. — Scientific American.
Electricity in Steel Making.
NEW YORK, Jan. 20.— Desiring, it is
said, to prosecute claims against its
former board of directors to recover
$1,855,000 dividends alleged to have been
Illegally paid out of its stock, instead
of from profits, and $650,000 damages
caused by the alleged fraudulent man
agement of the property, the American
Malting Company to-day asked leave
to file an amended answer to an action
in which it is named as defendant, to
gether with Charles XL Warner, one of
Its former directors, by Archibald M.
Hutchinson and Victor K. llcElhany
Jr.. in behalf of -themselves and- other
stockholders similarly situated. The
plaintiffs are seeking to recover by this
and similar suits from Warner and
other directors the $1,855,000 in divi
dends and $C50,000 alleged damages.
The American Malting Company was
organized as a New Jersey corporation
with a capital of $30,000,000. After pay
ing for the various plants acquired, a
*um of $2,000,000 was left in the treas
ury to conduct the business. Five div
ider.ds of 1% per cent each were paid,
the stock of the company going to a
high figure.
The plaintiffs allege that the pay
ment of these dividends lcndered the
company practically insolvent, so that
.the directors had to borrow $4,000,000 on
a bond issue, for which they had to pay
10 per cent; $250,000 is alleged to have
been wasted out of the $4,000,000, while
the $4,000,000 paid for undor riting the
bond ifsue is also characterized as
wait*.' '
' S. C. T. Todd. general solicitor of the
Standard Oil Company, is understood
to receive, salary and commissions.
$250',000 a year. • - -
American Malting Company
Litigation Assumes a Pe
culiar!^ Complicated Phase
The minority members of the com
mittee have designated Representative
Lucking of Michigan to present their
views.
For the carrying of that trade Gen
eral Grosvenor says we paid $200,000,000,
which amount he maintains should
have gone Into the pockets of Ameri
cans.
General GrosvenOr says that of al
most a billion dollars' worth of exports
to Europe during the flscfU year -1902
only 1% per cent was carried in Ameri
can vessels. Of nearly five- hundred
million dollars of imports during the
year American ships carried only -$30;
000,000 worth. He says that had it not
been for- the American line subsidized
by postal subsidy the total of our trade
with Europe carried under the Ameri
can flag would not have exceeded a
sixth of 1 per cent.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 20.— In his re
port to the House filed to-day in favor
of the bill authorizing a commission
to consider the question of ship sub
sidy, Representative Grosvenor, chair
man of the Committee on Merchant
Marine and Fisheries, says:
Ther« is -ncr 'legitimate expenditure possible
within the wl<3e "scope of national jurisdiction
that the American people do not rush Into, to
th« extent of promoting experiments in aerial
navigation. We flatter ourselves, justly, that
we are a leading: nation in all that makes a
nation great, and yet we are a eubservlent
nation and a helpless nation In one of the
great factors of national wealth and national
Independence. Other nations carry our product!
to the- markets or the world.
PANAMA, Jan. 20.— A slight earth
quake shock was felt throughout the
republic of Panama at about 9:30
o'clock this morning. No damage has
been reported.
Earthquakes in Panama.
Committee. Presents Signifi
cant Figures Favoring Fed
eral Aid for American Ships
TRUST TO SUE
ITS DIRECTORS
URGE SUBSIDY
FOR CURRIERS
Nicholas Galli was taken to the
Central Emergency Hospital last night
suffering from a gunshot wound in the
cheek. He claims that he and a friend
were shooting cats from the window
of a house, at 530 Merchant street and
he was accidentally shot. 'The injury
is not serious.
Accidentally Shot.
.At the Foreign- Office it was . ex
plained in a general and unofficial way
with reference to : foreign settlements
at the open Manchurian ports that no
reservation was made in the recogni
tion of acquired treaty rights, but In
asmuch as the Russian military and
civil authorities were now exercising
joint control with China, Russia natur
ally must be consulted on questions
arising out of consular
including settlements. , • .• - , "¦.
A high official said that the anti-
American irritation in certain govern
ment quarters here was due to the con
viction that Japan's aggressiveness was
largely the result of the American atti
tude, which, he added, presumably was
based on the fear, that the Manchurian
treaties would not be '" respected, al
though the official 'insisted that; the
United States was informed " r sohie
months ago that Russia would recog
nize them.
'? A; confusion of Olongapo,- in. Subig
Bay, near Manila, with Yongampho;
on the Yalu River, has led the Russian
press- intp - a attack, on .the
United States. The statement that
Rear Admiral Evans' squadron was to
proceed to Olongapo. was either garbled
in transmission' or misunderstood; for
it was reported here that the destina
tion of the American ships was "Yon'g
ampho." This error was made the basis
of an attack on the motives ' of the
United States by the Nov.oe Vremya
and the Listok, both papers pretending
to see in this move the entrance of the
United States in the quarrel. The Novoe
Vremya' remarks: t '« ,
"At least America will be an .open
enemy, which is preferable to a secret
one."
ST. PETERSBURG, Jan. 20.— The
first exchange of views between the
Foreign Office, .Viceroy Alexieff and
Baron de Rosen, the Russian Minister
to Japan, on the Japanese reply has not
resulted in a definite decision. Conse
quently Russia's answer probably will
be delayed a little longer than was ex
pected.
The; attacks on Japan in' the" Russian
press are ceasing. The newspapers
print .prominently reports |q the effect
that the acute phase, is passing and
fliey continue to} a£le.rtl|Mat mediation
is unnecessary, y- v * -. -
Exchange of Views Between St. Pet
ersburg and Toldo Without Result.
FURTHER DELAY PROBABLE.
The Foreign Office has reason to be-
Heve, however,: that Russia is willingfto
concede practically all demands of s *Jar
pan, but that , she cannot see her^ way
to make a treaty^with Japan recogniz
ing Ih black and white, China's sover
eignty oyer Alancburia^- Russia has ap
proached Great.i Britain to -urge Japan
to forego this stipulation and to accept
in lieu thereof the assurance to the same
end already given, to the other powers.
It is pointed .out; at .the Foreign Office
that Great Britain, .being such an in
terested party, is in a difficult position
and can scarcely . recommend such a
course to her. ally.
Whether or not Japan will "insist to
the bitter end on a treaty recognizing
Chinese sovereignty over Manchuria the
Foreign Office does not yet know." It
believes the Japanese themselves will
not decide until after the delivery of
the Russian reply, which is* scarcely ex
pected before next week.
LONDON, Jan. 20.— A Pall Mall Ga
zette dispatch from Berlin declares that
the correspondent is in a position to an
nounce positively that it has been de
cided at St. Petersburg that Japan's
wishes shall be met in such a way as
to insure the. maintenance of peace. The
dispatch adds that the only question is
"vyhether Russia "shall declare her de r
.Vision to Japan alone or to all the pow
ers interested in the solution of the Far
Eastern question."
¦Lord Lansdowne's reception at the
Foreign Office to-day was attended by
almost all the Embassadors and Minis
ters ih London. At 'the end of the re
ception the press was informed that the
situation looked slightly more hopeful,
but as the Russian reply 'apparently
wak hot yet drafted no definite- state
ment could safely be made.
Japan Carries the Day in the Diplo
matic Controversy.
RUSSIA'S BACKDOWN COMPLETE.
COLD WEATHER
IN THE SOUTH
The worst blockade in recent years
prevails on the Rome, Watertown and
Ogdensbwg , road. Trains are ten to
fifteen hours late and many have been
abandoned. The road between Water
town and Syracuse is completely
closed, no train having passed over the
line- since yesterday afternoon.' Sev
eral trains are > stalled in snow banks
near Richland and every snow plow is
in -use trying to release them. v
LOGANSPORT, Ind., Jan. 21.— The
ice in the Eel River above Logansport
went out at 10 o'clock last night be
low the Tenth-street -dam and a huge
gorge more than twelve feet high has
been formed at Fifth street. .Against
this the water is rising so rapidly that
it threatens to -flood one . side of -the
city. Several blocks are already-flood
ed. . Shortly after, the ice went out the
water backed intovthe wheels at the
dectrtc- light and -water .plants and
fqreed them to stop.;- > ¦•- .-.--.•. •-¦- ; .
. MILWAUKEE* • Jan>t 20.— Ar blizzard j
from the easty reached, here to-night.
Muchrsnow has fallen, impeding -street
car traffic. . -,- ; ¦>•?¦:, .!¦'¦. < v .
SYRACUSE, N. Y., Jan.-*- 20.— The
eastbound train on the Delaware, Lack
awanna and Western, which left here
at 10 o'clock last night, became stalled
in the snow at Summit and was un
able to move until nearly noon to-day.
The trolley line to Auburn was forced
to suspend business. Heavy drifting
snow has paralyzed all railroads ex
cept the main line of the New York
Central, where trains are late.
Traffic on Many New York
Railroads . Is Suspended and
\ ;A11 Lines Are Running* 'Late"
Tfce flre broke out at 9 o'clock and at
10 o'clock the immense building fell in
with a crash that could be heard for
miles away.
Battered and twisted, the finished
product lies in a heap, almost a total
loss. Tube works officials say that a
portion can be worked over, but it will
require the entire capacity of the plant
and will delay the mills on other or
,ders. The stock consisted mostly of
locomotive boiler flues and Government
supplies o? various kinds. The fire was
confined to the stock buildings, which
were built at an expense of $100,000.
The tubing manufactured by the
Shelby plant was used extensively by
the Government for boiler flues in
United States war vessels. The Gov
ernment has been the best customer of
the local plant. The plant was erected
Jn 1S30. and covered nearly ten acres
of ground.
i SHEJL.BY, Ohio, Jan. 20.— The United
Mates'., Steel Corporation- sustained a
S3.000.ddp toss by fire tJ-night at the
plant, of the Shelby Tube Company.
Ihe fire started in one of the smaller
rooms from a defective electric wire
and spread to the larger stock rooms,
completely destroying them.
The product cf the entire plant for
the ' ist six 'months was destroyed
within an hour, consisting of 800,000
tons, making in all 25,000,000 feet of fin
ished product, valued at 53,000,000.
Eight Hundred Thousand Tons
- ' of Ff h i khed * Pr^od nc t Red u ced
by 'Flames to. a Mass of Bat
tered and -Twisted* Wreckage
These companies have . now decided
to hold together and to begin a' price
war upon the companies who' refused
to accept the terms offered for the gen
eral steel syndicate. The outside com
panies include such important estab
lishments as the Krupp Gun Works,
the Bochum Cast Steel Company, the
Westphalian Steel Works, • the Hasper
Company and all the Silesian manufac
turers.
Another meeting will t be called for
February 5. when; the first group of
manufactures "will invite . all - the out
side makers of half rolled' goods and
girders to join in a movement to com
pel the second group to come to terms.
It is expected that this war of prices
will be carried into foreign markets
and that it will result in lower prices
for German steel products than ever
before. • • • , 'i
BERLIN, Jan. 20.— The' conferences
held at Cologne this week in an 'at
tempt to negotiate ail the greater 'steel
companies into a' syndicate 1 have re
sulted in failure. . The conference: suc
ceeded in splitting the steel industry
into two groups, the first- of jwhieh in
cludes the manufacturers of half rolled
goods, girders and other simple structu
ral steel, while the second is composed
of the . manufacturers of steel rails and
other railway material. ¦ The -second
group embraces the sixteen- great com
panies which took the lead in trying
to effect the general organization.
It is probable that the City Council
next Monday night will again consider
and revise the new theater ordinance.
A meeting between the theater man
agers and a special committee of the
Aldermen will be held later In the
week, at which the managers will an
nounce what is physically possible for
them to accomplish in making their
theaters safe and at the same time re
open for the balance of the season.
There is a general feeling among Al
dermen that the essentials demanded
of the theaters before they are al
lowed to open are somewhat too strin
gent and modifications may be made.
. Eight more churches and several ad
ditional halls were closed to-day by or
der of the city building department.
The Chicago Underwriters' Associa
tion has approved the scheme inaug
urated by the City Club that a series
of practical tests of fire curtains, ven
tilators and sprinklers be held in the
Iroquois Theater.
CHICAGO. Jan. 20.— Arthur E. Hull,
leader of the Iroquois Memorial Asso
ciation, announces that he will offer
the site of the Iroquois Theater f err the
erection of a memorial to the victims.
Mr. Hull, refused to say who authorizes
him to make the. offer, but he "declares
It Is one of the foremost surgeons in
the city.
The heirs to the estate of which the
dlte is a part have agreed to crrnvey
it, with all leaseholds, • to the associa
tion. Hall says. He declares further
that a committee will soon call upon
the Mayor to lay before him the asso
ciation's protest against turning over
the theater buildlnz to its owners.
¦ My Dear Queen: To-day 'your darling letter
came and gave me back all my. hopes and my
love., *. • • ... My sweet, sweet lady,. I will
write 'more td-morrow. Your plan seems a
good, one and I am acting accordingly. ¦¦ • - •.• •
I hope this letter does not. get forwarded. Very
truly yours forever and ever. •-•¦-•
(, ---•••' • • .;; • .-->•- :• PAUL.
- Dearest Indian: I am the happiest man in
all the world. I have had two days of al
most perfect happiness. I have seen the great
est queen of all of earth. I have lived longer
and happier in one moment during these days
than In alt my life before. Even now as I
kiss the beautiful - eea shell with the sweet.
quaint name in Its corner I seem -to see the
"Lovellght" In the eyts of "Weatawawr. Never
could man have been bo haptJy before, and
how often I wonder what can make roe so
fortunate. . I dreamed all night of a cottage
with little shells full of kisses on every hand
an J : that it hed been built by -the -queen .and
that the kisses .never, grew cQld. and, that I
wt« always to be loved." and - that God was
best,. to me jojE,an£ cn« oa- earth. r Very-.lov
ingly your 'boy,, "\ ~' .* " PAUL..
My Dearest Queen: I cannot erase the«e
beautiful days to see you cheerful and happy
and playing those sweetly solemn thoughts
sung by one Goddard and see you plunge your
face into those violets — by the way, you never
thanked roe for them — made euch an impres
sion on me that I shall never forget my duty
to you. The favor every man owe»to the girls
who favors to him, to- make her h»ppy. God
blens you. swe«t bouI, and bring about your
happiness soon and forever. May I be part or
all of the cause .of It and may your.joy.be per
fect. Good-by for to-night. . PAUL.
Tuesday, 11 p. m.
My Dear Queen : I was sure of a letter from
you to-day. Spendthrift that I was. Some
days Ago I tore up whole blueish letters at
once, but now I am growing to know what
economy means. • • • I hope she will re
nvmber the contract. • • • Oh. lady, how
I would like to see you. - Oood-by to-day.
•PAUL.
Wednesday.
My Dearest Weata water: Ah, how I love
my work this week. I can noraetimes forget
your cruel fate when I am hard . at work. At
all other times my ear» seem to hear your
sweet voice complain or I seem to se* your
beautiful, sad eyes, and they say to me.
"Walt, wait." and I do wait . with Joy and
happiness Just ahead. Love, true love, whis
pers to me, "Your time will come, even if you
wait years." Th« prize is worth It all.' So
my fair one be of good cheer. You and the
boy will yet be happy. Very nincerely. P.
Friday.
M. C.' Harrison yesterday filed a
voluminous document in reply to the
charges of his wife, 1 IneS E. Ray
Harrison, who is suing him foF di
vorce. Harrison is well known here,
where- for many years he has occupied
a prominent - position in marine, insur
ance circles. The Harrisons were mar
ried some flfteen years ago in Portland,
Or., where Harrison was Identified with
the big .shipping firm of Sutton &
Beebe. In his statement yesterday
Harrison includes copies- of a lot of
letters addressed to his wife, .signed by
one "Paul" or "Boy Paul." While the
full name of \'Boy Paul" is not given
it is rumored that hejs a prominent
electrician who has offices In the
Crocker building and has also an office
in Los Angeles.
Some of these letters are very warm
and show that not only is "Boy. Paul"
an ardent wooer, but that he also pos
sesses a' large, amount of poetic ability
that might win out the heart even of
a sphynx, let alone that of a beautiful
up-to,-date woman of the day. Here
are samples of some of the effusions:
Thursday.
ADEN, Arabia, Jan. 20. — The Jap'-;
anesefcruiser Kasag^a sailed from here'
to-night for the Far East, r- k : ¦ : •
SNOW DRIFTS
BLOCK TRAINS
SUEZ, Jan. 20— Nine Russian torpe
do-boat destroyers have arrived here
from 'Port Said bound for the Far
East. ""The Russian transport Orel
has sailed for -the -Far East.
Russian and Japanese Craft Pass
; Through Suez Canal.
MOVEMENTS OF WARSHIPS.
STX MONTHS' OUTPUT
* ALMOST TOTAL LOSS
Heirs of Estate Which Owns
the Lot Are Opposed to
Keopenirig of the Playhouse
Larger Concerns Will Adopt
Coercive Measures . and Fail
ing 3Iay Start- Price War
Writer Says He Is Waiting for
Time When Recipient Will
Give Him Cue to Be Happy
GROUND TO BE DONATED
Stockrooms of the . Trust at
Shelby, Ohio, Are Com
pletely Destroyed and Their
Contents Kendered Valueless
TWO FACTIONS FOR3IEI)
MISSIVES BREATHE LOVE
3Ionnment 3Iay Be Erected
on "Site of the Recent Iro
qnois Disaster in Chicago
31. C. Harrison's Answer to
Wife's Divorce Snit Embraces
Letters From "Boy Faul"
Russia, in her note of January 6, in
sisted on her neutral^rone, but vaguely
hinted her intention to respect Japan's
rights in Manchuria. To this note
Japan replied on January 13 reaffirm
ing her demands. i«.':.
* The Telegraph's correspondent con
cludes his dispatch with these words:
"Therefore, unless Russia fields, a
diplomatic rupture is certain. Russia's
answer is expected to-morrow."
Japan also refused the neutral pro
posal and counter-proposed a neutral
zone of twenty-five kilometers on both
sides of the Korean border.
"Both powers shall endeavor to main
tain the territorial integrity of Korea
arid Manchuria; both shall 'recognize
the special concessions of either Korea
or China, provided the open-door policy
be respected."
certain ports in times of emergency.
The Tokio correspondent of the Daily
Telegraph declares that the Privy
Council disqussed a proposal to issue
an order, in the event of war, enacting
a state of siege in certain places out
side*: of, Japan and a blockade. To
morrow's issue of the Jiji Shimpo, th«
Telegraph's, correspondent continues,
will contain a story. of the negotiations,
according to which the \ first Russo-
Japanese divergence was hinted at in
a meeting of, the Council held on June
23, 1903. This story relates to the suc
ceeding negotiations until October 30,
when Japan wired her proposals to St.
Petersburg. For forty days thencefor
ward Russia hurried on war. prepara
tions, Japan : meanwhile regaining
quiescent and waiting an answer.
Japan's • note proposed that either
power be .entitled to send police or
troo-ps for ? the protection of the rail
ways in r either Korea or Manchuria in
case of emergency; but that, they must
be withdrawn directly order was re
stored. The Russian reply,, dated De
comber 11, ;was overbearing and . un
compromising; it excluded . Manchuria
and proposed that all territory north of
the thirty- ninth degree of latitude
should be neutral. Japan, thereupon,
commenced her preparations and on
.December 22 she presented a note to
Russia which made the following de
mands:
Meeting of German' Companies
Called to Form a Trust
KcsuJ ts - .in. :. a* ::: Disruption
Continuing, the Temps reviews the
early ;friendship between Russia and
the United States and the 'alleged .re
cent gradual estrangement, which is
attributed to the ratification of the
commercial treaty between China and
the United States and declares that
this may be, "according to the view
taken at Washington and at St. Peters
burg, either the final point of depar
ture for new complications or the
happy conclusion of misunderstand
ings." The paper adds:
"It depends much upon the wisdom
and pacific spirit of President Roose
velt in exerting upon the crisis his-In
fluence at Tokio, as it is hoped Great
Britain has done already, and as it is
believed France is not neglecting to do
at St. Petersburg." .
The Temps : published ajleading arti
cle oh the. increasing importance of the
role Cof-the^IJnitfd^ States in the Jap
anese-Russian 1 : , situation. . If reflects
the growing French, sentiment, which
to someJVextent /in •shared In gov
mental .quarters, and say*- • > ' '. ,
. 'It'cannbt^be disgiiised'.that the ap
pearance' of the -United* Stages upon the
scene, is calculated , to .encourage Ja
pan." '• ;
It'is the general impression here that
if war • breaks out the b<j»st diplomacy
may not. succeed in keeping France out
of the ; imbroglio. « Therefore Delcasse,
considering.the self-interests of France,
as well"" as the 'Franco-Russian note of
1902; is counseling peaceful adjustment.
task in answering the Japanese note is
one of the most difficult he ever ob
served, owing to Russia's dilemma, due
to her determination to firmly maintain
her position. and at the same time com
ply with, the Czar's desire for peace.
Delcasse's talks with members of the
diplomatic s corps during the, last few
days, revealed, his extreme desire for
the maintenance ~of peace, arid his ad
vice to )Ruwia 'undoubtedly- followed the
same lines. ¦•-.'-• ¦ -i"'-
Terences, even if Great Britain aid Ja
pan. It is understood here that Russia,
asked France to deflne her position in
the contingency of Great Britain ac
tively participating in a Japanese at
tack on Russia, and that- the French
Government replied that France must
remain neutral; as the Russo-Frehch
alliance was quite -separate on 'the
question now pending. This resolution
of F^ince, it is believed here, deeply
affects not only the situation between
Russia and Japan, but the Franco-
Russian alliance. '-'•¦>
STEEL MILL
USE COSTS
$3,000,000
STEEL FIRMS
ARE FIGHTING
SHIFT INSTEAD
OF A THEATER
HUSBAND FINDS
LOVE EPISTLES
OUTBREAK AGAINST FOREIGNERS
IMMINENT IN CAPITAL OF KOREA
THE •. SAN FRANCISCO GALU, THURSDAY, JANUARY 21,^1904.
Continued from Page 1, Column 7.
2
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
WOMEN PRAISElf
There are thousands of women
to-day •praising' the~ celebrated
Ho's t'e t te r ' s Stomach Bitters.
When they were run down and
in need of a health restorer and
regulator they were persuaded to
try the Bitters with the result
that \ they .now ;-- enjoy perfect
health. All sickly, women should
try it at once. ¦ Besides curing all
Female Complaints it is also un-
equaled^or. Indigestionj Dyspep-
sia, Insomnia and Constipation.
HOST£TTER?S
STOMACH BITTERS
GREEXIJE^tG & GREKXBERG.
GREENBERG & GREENBERG
SPECIALS
FOR THURSDAY, FRIDAY and SATURDAY
Underwear.
35c fleece-lined Vests or Draw-
ers vuntil closing Saturday.. 19c
65c Egyptian Cotton Vests or
Drawers" until closing Saturday
...:..... 33c
$1.25^ Woolen \ Vests or Drawers
untilclosing Saturday 78c
Eiderdown Sacques. •
75c Ejderdown. Sacques —
Until closing Saturday 38c
Si. 00 Eiderdot\Ti Sacques —
Until closing Saturday 48c
$j<25 Eiderdown Sacquts—
. ; Until closing Saturday 58c
> Eiderdown Robes.
.S4.00 Ejdcrdown Robes —
Until closing Saturday J?2.T3
$6.00 Eiderdown Robes —
Until closing Saturday $4.40
$7.00 Eiderdown Robes —
Until closing Saturday $4.65
Hosiery.
35c Embroidered Ankles —
Until closing Saturday 18c
5cc Fancy Hose —
,' Until closing Saturday 28c
20c Children's Hose, fast black —
Until closing Saturday 12c
COdTTBT OE3EES KECEIVE
PROMPT ATTENTION.
, ; Tim<» allowed on specials for coun-
try orders. Samples of laces, trim-
minsrs. embroideries, veilings, rib-
bor.s, etc., sent to any address.
GREENBERG & GREENBERG
¦' 31, 33, 35, 37. Grant Ave.,
Cor. Geary. . • \
.Stcr* clcfMkt 10 p. ci. Saturday*. -
' ADVUE-TISEilENTS.
1 1 i^Ts W111H IF!! 1
§1 Brand H
II Evaporated 9
I Cream , I!
KB always bears the abova capfc j
HH label., It means the same||l
Kg as telling you that we §jM
Kg back up its purity with alii
Ha $5,000 guarantee. M& :
§111 Made by the largest pro-fi| I
Wok ducers of Evaporated flg&
ifiP Cream in the world,
Li, _ : . — . r-
Pleasant Memories
Of comfort and correct appearance llnjrer
! with" the 'patrons of this laundry.
I , Comfort — because shirts are starched
and Ironed to fit the wearer, and collars
and cuffs bear no "saw-edges"; correct
appearance because U. S. Laundry work
is the much in little of superb finish and
J perfect cleanliness.
! Phone South 420 will put you on our
list.
I UNITED STATES , LAUNDRY,
! orrics 1004 mabkst stbsst.
j Near Powell. . _
j Phone SontS 420.
i . .¦ ¦ -¦..
1 /^71^ Dr.(Jibl)on'sDisj)€nsary,
-''Am.«=iJm 612O KEAKXY ST. Establishrd
ra*!l^^»l» *•***¦ • 'urttip treatment <>f fiivnta
miX W3 Di-HPase*. Uml Munuood. Dehility or
K??**re''Ru\ r li><*>a*'» wenrinerm r.i>ilynn<l niin'l a:in
rSanBaaHsitln Dlsenses. The Doctorcnrpswfi^n
fail. Try him. fhar»n In*.
rnaranlffd. Call or write.
'Sr. J. ¥. tUBBOX.'XM rrauciaco. Cat. "", Gas heaters, formerly $4.50. now $2.50.
at San Francisco Gas and Electric Com
pany, 415 Post street. . • .
A fa tar parasitic disease, has been
successfully 'Used, on "a, large, scale 1 to
destroy the grasshopper, another, for
locusts, . another ? for ; rats, , and . a > prize
has recently .been won for. the discovery
of an, insect: "which will destroy the cot
ton bolUweevil. . ¦ y.-:; , .
SALEM. Ore., Jan. 20.— The at
torneys of Pleasant Armstrong, who is
under sentence to be hanged Friday at
Baker City. to-da>v argued his case be
fore the 'State Supreme; Court on its
merits 'and -an. opinion is, expected, to
morrow. Inasmuch as this tribunal
refused; to grant a stay of execution
when application was made. last week;
there is little hope of relief from. that
Fighting for . LJfe of Murderer.
TOPEKAi Kans., Jan. 20. — The of
ficial headquarters of the Santa Fe
superintendent of transportation will
be removed to Chicago. .
Santa !•> Makes a Change.
Famous Gun Inventor Dies.
BERLIN", Jan. . 20. — Baron von
Mannllcher,' inventor of the Mann
licher rifle, is dead.
SAN DIEGO, Jan. 20.— The Coroner
this evening held an inquest over the
remains of an unknown .man,, prob
ably an Italian, who was found dead
this morning at Tia Juana. on this side
of the boundary line. There was noth
ing on the body to afford any clew to
the identity of the deceased. It. was
not apparent how he came . to his
death. The jury found that he died
from unknown causes.
Find Body of Unidentified Man.
LOS ANGEfLES, Jan. 20.— George
W. Groff, an insurance solicitor, com
mitted suicide at his home at 857
West Twenty-ninth street to-day by
shooting himself in the h'ead with a
revolver. Groff was of a morose dis
•position and In said to have brooded
over the recent elopement and mar
riage of his daughter. He was 45
years of age. • \,
Insurance Solicitor Commits Suicide.
CEDAR RAPIDS. Iowa. Jan. 20.—
Mayor J. M. May. Inventor of farm
machinery, is dead, aged 90 years.
He once owned a portion of this city,
but died in poverty.
HELENA. Mont., Jan. 20.— David
Gilmore, 712 years of age and a, pio
neer of Montana, died suddenly of
heart failure in his cabjn in the moun
tains west of Heiena to-C_y..- Gilmore
discovered Bald Butte mine, for many
years leading producing property in
the Slate. He died in jpoyerty.
« —[.'
Inventor of Machinery Deat».
Passing of Montana Pioneer.
SEATTLE. Vvjash.. Jan. 20. — A spe
cial to the Post-Intelligencer from
Valdes. Alaska, says: A party of ten.
headed by Ike Loomis. left here for
Fairbanks- yesterday with ten tons of
bacon. «ugar and milk. The distance
is 395- miles and will be covered in
about twenty-five days. The supplies
will reach Fairbanks long before any
can be shipped via Dawson, the route
from Dawson being 700 miles longer
than the Valdes route.
Start With Provisions for Fairbanks.
Bruce Hamilton. Held, a prominent
member of the Knights of Pythias,
died Saturday at his home on Syca
more street. He leaves a wife and
two| children.
OAKLAND, Jan. 20.— T. W. Strow
bridge died at his home on the cor
ner of Eighth and Kirkham streets to
day at the advanced age of 84 years.
He was at one time one of the most
wealthy residents of Southern Cali
fornia." but has been in reduced cir
cumstances of late. ;
Mrs. T. H. White died at her home
in East Oakland yesterday at the age
of "62 years.
Alameda County Deaths.
feERLlN, Jan. 20.— The debate in the Reich
ttar yesterday over the presence of Russian
j»crfi police axcr.ts in Germany has been sus
pended to take up the estimates, but will be
repumed *t no distant date.
THE DAY'S DEAD.
Burglars Ransack a Jewelry Store.
UUH A.NGELES, Jan. 20. — The re
tail jewelry establishment of T. A.
Taylor at 520 South Broadway was
robbed of gold watches and ring^ to
the value of nearly $1000 last night by
thieves, who effected an entrance by
breaking in the panels of the front
door. No attempt was made to open
tiie safe.
Arizona Opposes Joint Statehood.
PHOENIX. Ariz.. Jan. .20. — Pur
suant to the suggestion of Governor
Brodie in a circular letter the Board
of Supervisors of this county has
called six mass meetings to be held
n3xt Saturday In different towns of
the count}' to protest against joint
statehood with New Mexico. Petitions
will be presented for tha signatures of
citizens and then forwarded to Wash
ington. Similar action will be taken
in all the counties, as the sentiment
against joint statehood is practically
unanimous.
NEW YORK. Jan. 20. — The body of
John Smithson, founder of the Smith
sonian Institution at Washington. 'who
died in Genoa in 1829. arrived on the
steamer Princess Irene to-night. The
body was accompanied by Professor
Alexander Graham Bell of the Smith
sonian Institution and Mrs. Bell, who
went to Italy for this purpose. The
body will be taken to Washington ,on
the United States dispatch boat Dol
phin to-morrow.
¦ * ¦
NAPA. Jan. '2O. — The City Council has de
cided to act with dispatch in the issuance of
bonds, as the time on the options on the prop
erty for a park will expire by the lut of March.
City Attorney York has been instructed to ask
for an extension of time on the options If such
should be necersary.
COLORADO SPRINGS. Colo.. Jan.
20. — Mrs. Beulah Trimble Powell,
daughter of George W, Trimble, tha
Leadville banker and owner of the
Little Johnny mine, who is reputed to
be the wealthiest heiress o,f the "West^
will be married to-morrow evening: to
W". L. Edwards, a prominent clubman
of this city, and son of Colonel Eu
gene Edwards of Los Angeles.
BOSTON*. Jan. 20.— A resolution declaring
the ' 'consolidation of friendship between tbs
l.'nited States and Great Britain and ¦ Ireland"
a necffslty fcr the prosperity of commercial
intercourse, and favoring a permanent treaty
of arbitration between the countries, was
adopted at the annual meeting of the Mat*
sachusetta State Board of Trade to-day.
I.eadvillc Heiress to Wed.
Smitlison's Body Returned.
Awards Franchise for Xcw Wharf.
SAN DIEGO, Jan. 20. — The San
Diego Union Railway and Ship Ter
minal Company to-day was awarded
a franchise for the construction of a
wharf at the foot of Twentieth street
by the Harbor Commissioners. \ The
franchise has been accepted by the
directors of the company. It is pro
vided in the franchise that the com
pany has the right to build a warf
100 feet in width, 2300 feet into deep
water .and that a right of way of the
same width be granted from the com
pany's land on the front across the
tide lands to the commencement of
the wharf. Construction must com
mence within three months and the
wharf must be completed inside of
two years or the franchise will be
forfeited. . J
PASADENA. Jan. .20.— Residents
of the wealthy suburb of Altadena to
day organized for the purpose of in
corporating u.s a city of the sixth class.
Andrew McNally, Colonel G. G. Green
end other millionaires are the leaders
of the movement. The new town will
j>robably represent more wealth to the
square inch than any other in Amer
ica.
Town of Altadena to Incorporate.
By the terms of the contract the
capital stock of the Salt Lake and Og
den Railroad will be increased to
$1.000.000' and $1,000,000 in bonds will be
issued., and the work of construction
is to commence within forty days.
SALT LAKE, Utah. Jan. 20.— The
Tribune to-morrow will say: • A con
tract has been signed by J. J. Burns,
manager of the Chicago and South
Shore Railway, and Simon Bamberger,
owner c-f the Salt Lake and Ogden Rail
road, for the extension of the latter
road from Farmington, Utah, to Ogden
within a short time.
Plans have been made for the equip
ment of the road for electrical traction
and the institution of an hourly ser
vice between the two cities. The line
is to be laid with 60-pound steel rails
and a large sum will be invested in
passenger of the moat modern
pattern.
The visitors will be taken to-morrow
for a drive through the orchard sec
tions of the valley and will be served
with lunch at Sorosis fruit farm. : ln
the afternoon they will leave for San
Francisco by way of Niles.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 20. — About sixty
five stockmen, many of them accom
panied by their wives, arrived here
this afternoon. They are returning
from the national livestock conven
tion recently held at Portland, Ore.
The party left San Francisco on a. spe
cial train this morning and made a
slop of a couple of hours at Stanford
University. A committee from the
Chamber of Commerce met the visit
ors at the depot and escorted them to
the Hotels Vendome and St. James.
This afternoon they were taken on an
excursion to Alum Rock Park.
A reception was tendered to the
stockmen at the Chamber of Com
merce rooms this evening. Mrs. W.
C. Kennedy, president of the Woman's
CJub. and other ladies were present to
greet the ladies in the party. There
was a musical programme and light
punch was, served. ,.
Delegates Returning: From the Na
tional Convention at Portland
Pay a Visit to San Jose.
STOCKMEN ARK GUESTS
OF THE GARDEN CITY
Plans oil; Foot to Extend the
Salt Lake and Ogdcn Line
From Farriiirigton to Ogden
SAN BERNARDINO, Jan. 20.—
William Stanley of Riverside, repre
senting the heirs of the late A. G.
Campbell, who was a large owner of
the Queen of the Night and St.
George group of mines in the Search
light district, left this morning for the
camp with several others interested in
the properties to conclude negotia
tions for the sale of the mines to Salt
Lake capitalists, the consideration
named being 5500.000. These proper
ties are considered the richest in the
district, but -owing to the death of
Cmpbell have been tied up while his
estate has been in the process of set
tlement.
Negotiating for Purchase of Mines.
UTAH TO HAVE
NEW RAILROAD
VICTORIA. B. C, Jan. 20. — A bulle
tin just issued by the Bureau of Pro
vincial Information for British Colum
bia, reviewing the industrial condi
tions of the past year, gives the out
pat of the metalliferous mines of the
province at 1.276.000 tons. The coal
mined amounted to 168.0W) tons. The
total value of the mining output was
1 1 9.200.000. v.hich v.as nearly $2,000.
•JOO increase over the previous year,
notw ithstanding the strikes which par
alyzed the industry in the early part
of the :>ijst year. With the exception
of the salmon pack, which is greatly
below tlie average, all other industries
shew large increases. The cut of tim
ber during the year was 15 per cent
greater: the dairying output one-third:
fruit marketed 35 per cent increase;
halibut and other fisheries 40 per cent.
The value of the total productions
of ihe province was about J30.000.000.
The value of exports was $20,000,000.
$5,000,000 increase over the previous
year.
Yoar N<mvit!i!>tandiiig Fart That
There Wore Serious Strikes.
Material Advance I« Made During Past
BRITISH COLUMBIA MAKES
GOOD INDUSTRIAL SHOWING
It is alleged that Gear obtained his
appointment as guardian in an irregu
lar manner. He gave no notice, it is
said, to the natural guardian of the
children and while he claims his
action is friendly to the children it :&
hostile to their interests. It is alleged
that on the same day that similar pro
ceedings were set aside in Judge Hy
land's court Gear went before Judge
Rhodes afid secured an order making
him guardian. It is also alleged that
Gear does not even know the minors.
Affiant further asks that the acts of
said guardian to make it appear that
their mother has defrauded the minors
bo suppressed. t
SAN JOSE. Jan. 20.— A motion will be
made in Judge Rhodes' court next Fri
dav for the removal of H. L. Gear of
San Francisco as guardian ad litem of,
the estate of Mary and Muriel Camp
bell, minor heirs of the late millionaire
James Campbell. The action is taken
by Attorney C. T. Bird of this city at
the request of Mrs. Abigail Campbell-
Parker, mother of the heirs, and the
trustees of the estate. Gear is attack
ing the estate and wants some $200,000
received from the sale or the St. James
Hotel in this city divided among the
heirs, instead of going to the trust.
Abbie Campbell Kawananakoa. the wife
of Prince David, is said to be the prirae
mover in the matter. . •-•*.'.. .
Widow of the Late Millionaire James
Campbell Makes a Sensational,
More in Pending Litigation. .
COURT. IS ASKED TO REMOVE
GUARDUX OF MINOR HEIRS
SANTA BARBARA. Jan. 20. — Be
cause he had become discouraged on
account of the death of hundreds of
his cattle from drought and the prev
alence of disease among his herds,
Juan Save, one of the oldest livestock
raisers in Santa Barbara County, com
mitted suicide to-day on his ranch,
near Santa Ynez. by cutting his throat
with a Docket-knife. Ha was 61 years
old and had bqcn engaged in the cat
tle business in this country since the
TO's and was considered one of the
most successful stockmen in this sec
tion of the State. Owing to the ab
sence of rain until a few days ago
Save's cattle began dying for lack of
ranges, and the misfortune preyed
upon his mind to such an extent that
he becam» deranged. Save leaves a
large family.
Becomes Despondent Because Hun
dreds of His Herd Die From the
Drought and Disease.
DISCOURAGED CATTLEJLAX
KILLS HIMSELF OX RAXCH
ALBANY, N. Y.. Jan.' 20. — Formal
charges of the Bar Association of
Jamestown against State Supreme
Court Justice W. B. Hooker, j former
representative in : Congress, were
brought before the State Bar Associ
ation to-day. The charges quote the
report of Fourth Assistant Postmaster
General Bristow relative to alleged ir
regularities in the postoffices at Dun
kirk and Fredonia. with reference to
appointments and rentals of post
office buildings, and sets forth that M.
.H. Taylor, named in General Bris
tow's report, was appointed Postmas
ter at Dunkirk upon Justice Hooker's
recommendation, and that Justice
Hooker was and is one of the own
ers of the postofllce building at Dun
kirk, alleged to have been the subject
of excessive rental. The Jamestown
association believes the time has ar
rived when it is imperative that
Justice Hooker should, in defense of
the character of the bench, which it
is his high duty to "preserve untar
nished, to make public answer to the
accusations against him." The James
town association subnrtfs its state"ment
to the State association • for whatever
action the latter body may see fit to
take.
W. B. Hooker of New York Is
Involved in the Postal
Scandal.
JUSTICE W. B. HOOKER. OF •
* NEW YORK BENCH. NOW
UNDER CHARGES.
Captain Manter was asked various
questions as to the state 1 the weather
between 9 and 9:30 o'clock, about the
time the Holyoke reached the Clallam.
He replied that he could not tell just
what it was there, but that at 9 o'clock
when he was going down the Sound he
found it very rough. It * was blowing
hard.
Captain Manter stated that he first
approached the Clallam to. within 100
feet, but that he did not care to get
closer.
"We (the Sea Lion) could not get up
alongside." said the captain. "If I had
got alongside the Clallam and we had
come together that would have been
the last of the Sea Lion, too." "^
Purser Treer testified that the first
information he had of anything beinj:
wrong on the Clallam came from Chief
Engineer de LaunayT
"Half an hour after I talked with the
chief I got out the life preservers and
it was perhaps within forty minutes
from the conversation with the chief
that the boats were lowered. It was no
j great length of time in any event," said
the witness.
"Was there any protest from those
aboard about the people' going i- the
! boats?" was asked.
' "None at all. Everybody seemed to
j think it the best course. I certainly
1 did. Yes, I thought it a good plan to
leunch the boats at that time and ap
parently everybody thought it a good
plan."
SEATTLE, Jan. 20.— Captain Charles
C. Manteiv master of one of the res
cue tugs, and Frank Treer, purser of
the lost vessel, were the principal wit
nesses in the Clallam disaster investi
gation to-day.* Briefly, Captain Manter
outlined the part he and his vessel had
played in the rescue of the passengers
and the crew of the Clallam immediate
ly after the steamer foundered. Treer
described the scenes prior to the rink-
Ing of the vessel from' the time he be
gan distributing life preservers up un
til, a fc-v minutes before the Clallam
went down. His was one of the nar
rowest escapes.
SAN BERNARDINO, Jan. 20.— James
Burns, the young son of a well-known
San Bernardino architect, had an ex
perience to-day which he will not soon
forget. He and several companions
were playing near the Santa Fe Rail
road track on I street when they de
cided to climb on a freight^ train which
had stopped for water. When the train
started Burns failed to jump off and
as it increased its speed he became
afraid to do so. He at first yelled for
help, but the roar of the train drowned
his voice. Then he clung to the ladder
on the side of the car, expecting each
minute to be swept off by the rushing
wind. Peoole who saw him clinging
there waved their arms wildly at the
train crew, who waved their hats in
answer, never for a moment suspecting
the real cause of the unusual attention
which the train was attracting. At
Verdemont, ten miles away, the train
had to' take to a siding, and then it
was that the bit of a form cllngtns
with superhuman effort to the ladder
was discovered. Young Burns dropped
unconscious into the strong arms of
a trainman and for . awhile it was
supposed he was seriously injured, but
he soon revived and told the story of
his frightful ride. His hands were raw
where he clutched the ladder and his
knees were black and blue where they
had pounded against the car.-
CARSON", Xev., Jan. 20. — At a session
of the State Board of Pardons held to
day the sentence of^death imposed on
Cochi Seegmuller, an Indian, was com
muted to life imprisonment. He kilted
William Williams; wh*p was better
known as "Wild Bill," and who was re
garded as one of the worst characters
in Southern Nevada. Seegmuller, who
is sixteen years of age, was workins
for Williams and when he asked for his
wagies he was run off the farm and
told that if he returned he would be
killed. SeegmuUer returned and while
Williams was asleep shot him to death.
After the murder the boy returned to
his parents* camp, where he told of hits
crime. He was arrested soon afterward
and when called for trial entered a
plea of guilty and was sentenced to
hang at the State prison in this city
on the 24th of yiis month. After the
sentence had been imposed 'an effort
v.as made to secure the boy's pardon,
as many of the people Jn his neighbor
hood believed that his^act was one of
great benefit to the entire section.
The Judge that passed sentence was
among those signing the petition for
a commutation of the sentence. An
effort will be made at the next meet
ing of the Board of Pardons to secure
his pardon.
Tugs Outlines the Work He
Performed 'in Saving Lives
Captain of' One of the Rescue
Roar of the Train Drowns His
Voice When Ho Calls to the
Brakeman to Go to His Aid
THOUGHT IT A GOOD PLAN
Friends of Prisoner to Make
an Effort to Secure His Re
lease From the Penitentiary
CITIZENS ASK LENIENCY
FAIXTS WHEN RESCUED
Sentence of Death Passed Upon
Indian Lad Is Commuted by
Nevada Board of Pardons
Says That. Xone of the Pas
sengers of the Lost Clallam
Objected* to Going in Boats
Clings to Ladder on Side of
Freight Car and Is Carried
Ten Miles Away From Home
BOY ESCAPES
THE SCAFFOLD
PERILOUS RIDE
OF SMALL BOY
PURSER GIVES
HIS EVIDENCE
the san francisco; call, Thursday, January 21, 1904.
STATE JUSTICE
MUST ANSWER TO
GRAVE CHARGES
3
DR. EHOOP'S BEMEDIES.
Wiir You HcIp'A Sick Friend?
Get My Book For Him Now.
Which fj«ok « «n Dyspepsia.
• tl book 1 on the Heut.
chill jioofc , on ,h ? Kidaert.
) I'.ooV. 4 for Women.
__j 1 Hooks lor Men<sealed.)
• eaa ' Honk 6 on Khtunutum.
j Send mr no money/ _
I < >r.!y tell nt which book to send.
' You certainly know of some one •¦ho is »kk— seme
cufierer who will be grateful for the help my book often.
And that bosk tell: of a way to help. 1 elli of 4 war
•o certam that 1. a: a physician, offer that help on trial.
Th< book tells ho* (or jo yean in hospitals and at bed-
•tdes I searched (or a u ay to cure drrp-yrctrd and difh-
<^.'.'. disease*. it tells how I perfected my prescription
— Dr. Shoop's Restorative How by saenhnc expert,
merst 1 traced out the causes tl at brine on chronic dii-
cases.
I found invariably that where there was a r.nkness,
the inside nerves were weak. Where there wat a lack
of vitality that the vital oerves lacked power. Where
weak orrans were found. I always found weak' nerves.
Not the nerves coraTrocly thought of, bat the vital or-
gans' oerves. tJw imide — the invisible nerves-
, 1 his was a revelation. Then my real success beran.
Then I combined ingredients that would Ktrenrthen.
that would vrai:re these nerves. That prescription I
o lied a restorative . 1 1 is known thr world over now as
Dr. Shocp'i Restorative. After that 1 did not fail to
cure one case in each hundred. In the extremely diffi-
cult cases rrv faiiuren for nve years were one in each
forty treated. I found cancer incurable. Cancer is
lor Mirrery. not medicine.
Tl * 1 how to gret this prescription to sick ones every-
• :.»r* «as my thougrht. I mutt announce it in the
public piess. But. thourht 1, *vi!l tliey realize tlie
truth of my discvery-'the real power cf Dr. Shocp's
Restorative? 1 hen a way came to me— iike an inspira-
tion, "i will offer it to the sick on trial. Then they
wiil know I am sincere."
1 wrote a reliable cnxg'it in each city and villare in
America. 'JTiey irrred to co-operate witli me. Now
by any sick one . *
. Dr. Shoop's Restorative *'
* Can bf taken on trial, l'cra full mor.th I will let
irou use it entirety at my risk
Send no money. Jttit wTite me for the book you
need When I send tt 1 will tell you of a druR~i*t near
by i-h'i «ili permit tix month's triaL Use tiie Kestora-
tive a month. Tier, decide. If you say to the drucrist
"ltd. a not help me," that will relieve you of any ex-
pense wliatever. He will bill the cost to me.
Thi« i* my way of clearing your mind of all doubts as
to what l)r. Shoop's Restorative can do. No matter
hew prejudiced, you cannot dispute this absolute secur-
ity I offer. You cannot resist an offer like this if you
are a: all sick.
if you have a weakness, write me. If you can't do
thinys lite you used to do them, tell me about it.
Write in ronndence. Asa physician I will tell you
a way to hch?- <•« nsy book now — to-dar.
Address Dr. Shour, Box St£>0. Racine. Wls.
M 1M casts, not chrcnic. are often cured with
one or two botUes. At drujrslstE.
t
Your gain by Schilling's
Best
t*» kakt&z-pewder tplee*
caStm fUTorinx eitrica soda
amounts to at least a quarter;
but that isn't all.
At JPOW «r— •••'». rr.oseybick.
ADVERTISEMENTS. f > v I
MRS. COL Wtic rftr^n TTi% BY TaE
GRESHAM WaS UlVCll Up DOCTORS.
Pe-ru-na Saved Her Life*
(It was catarrh of the lungs, so common in the winter months.)
B fllj^^^l~~!E!zifl^llf 1 M7SQ tFNNTF fiDTSffiJ f
i 1 _S<gagS^^^1|7 world in it, as it cured me, and
I -' *^^^ I / nave n g/er known of a case
I MRS.COLEJGRESfiffl I * nen ihe p* rson was »**«"•*
1 aC"*"^ jfe-w .IV In a short time." — Jennie Dris~
Mrs. Col. K. J. Gresham. Treasurer Daughters of the Confederacy and
President Hernden Village Improvement Society, writes the following: letter
from Hernden. Fairfax Co., Va. :
: Hernden, Va.
The Peruna Medicine Co.. Columbus. Ohio: .
Gentlemen — " I cannot speak too highly of the value of .Peruna. I
\ believe that I owe my life to its wonderful merits. I suffered with
! caiarrh of the head and lungs in its worst form, until the doctors
\ fairly gave me up, and I despaired of ever getting well again.
; "I noticed your advertisement and the splendid testimonials given
by the people who had been cured by Peruna, and determined to try
a bottle. I felt but li{tle baiter, but used a second and third bottle
and kept on improving slowly.
"It took six bottles to cure me, but they were worth a King's ran-
som to me. I talk Peruna to all my friends and am a true believer in
its worth." — Mrs. Col. E. J. Gresham.
¦ ' A PI AIM TA! K ! the unfortunate ones. Little or rt> risk
f t\ rmin r " need be run Jf Peruna Is kept in the
n t» DlaVn Ciihlofll In Dlaln house anVl at the first appearance of any
Un d rldin OUDjeCC in r lain symptom of catarrh taken as directed on
Language. the bottle.- •
Peruna is a safeguard. Is a prevent-
Tlie cominp winter will cause at least ive. a specific, is a cure for all cases of
orj**-half of the women to have catarrh, catarrh, acute and chronic, coughs, colds,
colds, coughs, pneumonia or consurnp- consumption, etc.
tion. Thousands of^ women. will lose If you do not receive prompt and sat-
their lives and tens of thousands will isfactory results from the use of P#-
— ¦¦ ¦"¦" "^ acquire some chronic ail- runa. write at once to Dr. Hartman. civ-
' KEEP merit from which they will ing a full statement of your case, and he
o . «,.,.,« never recover. . will be pleased to give you his valuable
rrfvUftA Unlpss you take the neces- advice gratia. - "
liV THE sary precautions, .he Address Dr. Hartman. President of
HOUSE. chances are that you (who The Hartman Sanitarium. Columbus.
m^^^ — J read this) will be one of Ohio.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FURNISHING GOODS NEWS
Thursday, Friday, Saturday Special
All 50c Neckwear
(Except Blacks and' Whites)
f0UR-i\-HA\DS, 4T^ WBB* 3
OvJUArxto, -^_ A^^fck f ' /-v <^ 4*r"» PAD
tucks. iHli^iS vx^niS «uk
BOWS. TIES %UP%**r $1.00
SH IRT SPECIAL \§
25 dozen $1.50 Stiff Bosom Colored Shirts
DRESS SHIRTS
Si. 50 Star Dress Shirts — Sizes Broken
On Hand — 14H, 15, 15^,16^, 17^
KEARNY AT POST
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Special Sale of Fancy Vests
This is a special sale V." broken assortments — hence the big
reduction.'
| . The Vests-are our own make — they verc values at their !
former prices.- , ~
They are made in single and double breasted style from <
matelassc. silk, silk mixed worsted, silk mercerized, velvet, all-
wool worsted, basket weave and matting; the colors are black,
] brown, blue, gray and tan with neat colored figures; sizes from
33 to 44 inches chest measure. , *
The former prices were $5.00, $4.00, $3.50,' $3.00 and
The special sale price is
$1.85
Out-of-Town Orders Filled— Write Us.
740 Market StreetFirst Concert of the Popular Organi
zation Is .Very, Successful.
ZECH QUARTET ENTERTAINS.
I First-class tickets between San Francisco and
Los Angeles, cither direction. Including- stop and
two days* entertainment at famous Paso Robles
Hot Springs Hotel, only. $21; children, $13 50
Privilege of, thirty days' stopover. Best of fare
and service at hotel. Curative mud or water
baths hot from celebrated medicinal springs*
lovely country; fine. drives; invigorating moun^
tain air; warm sunshine. Just the place to
rest. • Full Information % of • Southern Pacific
ticket agents. ' * •
Special Rates.
SPECIAL. XOTICE TO THE PUBLIC.
Owing to the fact -that numerous schemet
are placed before the public from time to
time, v.e would respectfully call tho attention
of purchasers of tickets to buy only from re
sponsible a cents, and to see that their ticket*
read as follows:
THE ORIGINAL LITTLE LOUISIANA
COMPANY, OP SAN FRANCISCO.
ESTABLISHED JANUARY. 1887.
Each coupon has the initials "M. A F." on
the face and back of the ticket.
The following are the capital prizes as do
Slded ' by the Honduras National Company,
anuary 16, 19<M: No. 4G232 wins $7500. sold
In San Francisco, Cal.; No. 49713 wins $2000,
sold In - San Francisco and , In Oakland/ Cal. ;
No. S3322 wins $1000, sold In San Francisco.
Cal.; No.\79197- wins $500. sold In San Fran
cisco, Cak; '.No*.. 23C01 and 58112 «ach wins
$250. gold in San Francisco, Cal.
Tho following - capital prizc« were paid by
the above M. &;F. Co. for December 12. 1903:
Anthony Palisl. Sausallto. Cal.. $3760: paid
to the First National Bank. San Franciscu.
Cal. ; (by B. Jurgens. collector).- $3750: col
lected by Wells, Fargo & Co.'s Express. San
Francisco. Cal.. for client, $1000; John : H.
Scott. Veterans* Home. Napa, Cal.. $1000; B.
F. Christopher Michael's, 635 Arkansas street,
Fotrcro, San Francisco,' Cal.. ?500; A. P..
Dubois. 3249 Folsom street, Ran Francisco,
Cal., . $500; Mrs. , V. . Dentz, 402^' McAllister
street, San; Francisco, Cal... |500. " •¦
Gae heaters, formerly $4.50. now $2.50,
at San Francisco Gas and Electric Com
pany,415 Post -street. V
The . Original Little Louisiana Com
pany of San Francisco. Estab
iv'iT*.- , Hshed January, 1887.
SAN JOSE. Jan. 20.— In the suit of. the Cali
fornia Cured Fruit Association vs. W. P. Lyons
>t nl.. liquidators, in which judgment was ren
dered on Moivlcy in favor of the defendants, a
.stipulation was- filed to-day by both parties tn
which all right of appeal from Judgment or any
order oi the court is waived. ":
SAN JOSE. Jan. 20.— K. O. Wheeler, agent
rf the Bay Cities Water Company, to-day filed
notice of appropriation of 'JOO.000 miner* »• inche*
of the flood .water* of San Fellp* Creek and
ifiO.OOO incl»cs of the Packwood Creek, under
Xcur lncl» pressure.
The natives of Sweden and Nor
way In this city will tender a banquet
in honor of King Oscar in the con
servatory hall of the Palace Hotel this
evening at 8 o'clock. Rev. Dr. E. Ne
lander, pastor of the First Lutheran
Church, will deliver the address on the
King. The guest of honor will be
Henry Lund, Consul of Sweden and
Norway in this city. The following
committee will have charge of the ar
rangements: Dr. A. O. Lindstrom.
Leonard Georges, Alex Olsson, K. 'A.
Lundstrom, P. O. Aune, P. R. Pouls
son; O. L. Gruggel, Baron C. von Rosen,
Joseph Okerblad; Dr. G. S. Backman,
Dr. J. A.> W. Lundbore, Dr. . H. Ohr
w'all. Dr. F. Westerberg, Dr. F. L.
Hultberg, Dr. G. Bergstrom, O. Blom
quist, K. L". Liindberg, Ax«l Einarson.
Gustaf Lindegren, Henry Olson, F. B.
Hulting, C. O. Svanberg, Alfred John
son. PS'J'A "Vilv-J
Loyal Citizens Plan to Pay Tribute to
the- Ruler of the Country of
Their Birth.
WILL GIVE A BANQUET IX
HONOR OF SWEDEN'S KING
NEW YORK, Jan. 20. — The follow
ing Calif ornians are here: From San
Krancisco — Mrs. Andrews, at the St-
Denis; Miss E. V. Henrici, at the St.
Denis; C. S. Wheeler, at the Nether
land; M. Golden, at the Broadway
Central; P. D. Walsh, at the Gilsey.
From Los Angeles — F. N. Shear, at
the Broadway, Central. »
Callfornians in Xew York.
Mrs. Eddy recognizes and teaches that all
thoughts and; actions that are contrary to the
iaw of God are sinful, and must result in suf
fering until they are overcome through the
power of Christ. She does not ignore sin, nor
deny that It exists on the mortal plane as
an evil belief, but claims that it does not orig
inate in God and has no existence in the
realm of spirit.
The teaching of Christian Science concern
ing sin hus • been greatly misunderstood and
misrepresented by Its critics, but a right un
derstanding of this science results In the de
struction of eln and the' healing: of the side
In accordance with our Master's promise "Ye
shall know the troth and the truth shall 'make
you free." FRANK W. GALE.
Editor Call: The statement Dr. Dowle'a
secretary published tn The Call to-day that
the difference between the teachings of Dr.
Dowie and those of Mrs. Eddy, of the Chrirtlan
Science church, is that Mm. Eddy "claims
that there Is no such thing; as Kin, while Dr.
Dowie Bays sin exists on this earth and that It
can only be wiped out" by faith," Is mislead
ing.
The following communication was
received yesterday by The Call:
SAnVraNCISCO. Jan. CO, 1904.
Christian Science.
Craig says that Dowie came to this |
city from Australia during 1S88. He j
carried a letter of introduction from
Craig's father, and immediately friend- .
ship was established. Dowie was poor j
and humble at the time and had not
the necessary wherewith to even settle
with his landlord. The man of com
merce pays he extended the hospitality
of his home to him, and at' the time
of his departure for the East was I
obliged to settle, with another friend,
his hotel bills. There wag ' also coin
which Craig says he paid out for other
bills, but which he pays he will not
attempt to collect.
The debt In dispute is said to have
been incurred in this city between Octo
ber 9 and December 11, 1S88, when
Craig, at the request of Dowie, laid out
and expended for the reformer the sum
of 52727 36, of which but $962 46 has
been paid. It appears that Dowie de
sired to rent an auditorium for the
purpose of holding religious meetings.
He secured the Grand Opera-house for.
a week, but the gate receipts were not
up to expectations and Craig had to
make good the deficiency. Dowie, be
ing poor, was not dunned for the
money, but when he established his cify
in Illinois and made his fortune Craig
thought it no more than proper that a
request for a settlement be made. "When
Craig met the -reformer soon* after his
arrival in the city he reminded him
that there was a balance due. Dowie
admitted that such was the case and
that Craig had expended the cash,\but
said he paid it out in the spirit of
friendship and that It was not neces
sary for the money to be refunded to
the donor.
"Elijah" has evidently made some
converts in this city, as he announces
a baptism will take place at the Lur
line baths at 5:30 o'clock this after
noon.
departure for Australia. They are will
ing that he put up a bond and go his
way in peace until such time as a legal
conclusion has been arrived at.
HOTEL BILLS LEFT UNPAID.
Dr. Victor A. Noreaard of Denver is
at the Palace.
Dr. and Mrs. Petrie Hoyle of Santa
Cruz are at the Palace.
Georfee R. Stewart, a merchant of
Crows Landing, is at the Graijd.
H. . Molloch. manager of the woolen
mills in Marysville, is at the Grand.
P. C. Drescher, a merchant of Sacra
mento, is staying at the California.
W. F. Botsford, president of the
American National Bank of Los An
geles, is registered at the Palace.
H. F. Whitcomb of Milwaukee,
president of the Wisconsin Central
Railway; A. \V. Naughton, his sec
retary, and James A. Clock, Pacific
Coast aicent of the road at Portland,
arrived in this city yesterday morning
and are at the Palace. I President
"Whitcomb has come to the coast on
a pleasure trip.
PERSONAL*;
NAPA, Jan. ? 20. — A technical in
spection of the new line between Val
lejo and Napa has just been made by
Chief Electrician Masson of the Hunt
ington roads in Southern California.
Masson will have charge of the build
ing of the power plant and lines an!
he has instructions to proceed with
the utmost dispatch. Graders are be-'
ginning to make a good showing on
the road. •¦ -• ¦ " '
New Une Between Vallejo and Xapa.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Jan. 20.
The election of officers by the senior
class of 1904 took place to-day with
the result that noone was chosen in
the three-cornered fight for the pres
idency." The officers elected were:
Secretary. ' Miss Alice Kimball of
Palo Alto; treasurer, H. L. Hamil
ton of Palo Alto; sergeant at arms, A.
E, Preston of Santa Clara. The can
didates for president were E. C. Rit
tenhouse of Santa Cruz, E. G. Brua of
San Bernardino and \V. F. Dunn of
Duarte. A second ballot for presi
dent will be taken on Friday. r
Stanfortl Seniors Hold Election.
Ancient Order of: Hibernians: Division No.
3— Mr O'Brien, Patrick Flood, James A. Flan
agan. Division ~*Jo. »-^R::-J.+etirtin,- J. Mc-
Donnell. Edward P. Hogan. Division No. 0 —
M. J. Connolly, John, Cummlnga. .William Ca*
serly. Division No. 7^— John- Kerwin.-, Division
No. 10— J. Pierce,, M. K. Casey; John H. Do-
Ian. Division .So. .11— John. MurEhX,, John P.
Magutre, T. J. Berkley. ' DiviEion No. 12 — Wil
liam Lynch, J. Mahoney, F. M. O'Donnell.
•Division No. 14— D. E. Collins. F. Kelley, P.
O'Brien. Division No. 17— William O'Shaugh
neBgy, Patrick McDonough, Robert (phepston.
Division No. 20— John F. Mullen, Thomas E.
Donnelly. P. A. Barnes.
Reception — Mrs. M. .L. Gregg, Miss Margaret
O'Neill. Mrs. Kelle Boyle. Miss Burke, Miss A.
Tierney. Miss M. O'Connor. F. J. Kierce,
George A. Stanley, P. R. Ward, T. P. Bane,
Kugene L. Harrington, William Tiernan, W..
A. Kelly, O. E. Doyle. Joseph P.'Campodonlco
W. II. Murphy, A. R. O'Donnell, Frank T.
Shea, M. Fitzgerald, D. 1 Frank Ahearn. R. J.
Curtln. John Cummings, Miss Annie Rlordan,
Miss Ella Cnmyns, Miss Nellie . Anglin, Miss
Alice Conway, Mrs. J ; O'Brien, Mrs. O'Connor,
James D. Whalen. Daniel J. Moynihan, Wil
liam M. Gillespie. J. P. Denahy, T. W. Butcher
W. O. Patch. T. Ryan Curtis. Anton- PHcovieh,
S, J. Fugrazzl. P. L. Kingston, P. F. Canavan,
J: C. Queen, Patrick Callan. Patrick Flood, Ed.
ward P. Hogan, John Kerwln.
Floor— Mies Josie Uiordan,- ' Mary Halton,
Miss Lillian Byrnes. Miss Catherine Bax
ter, Miss J. Dillon, Mrs. T. M. O'Day E
R. Myrick. C. J. Wllley, J. McLaughlin. j. C.
Murphy, J. B. Queen, Lionel A. Deane R. E
Dollartl. J. P. Cresalia, Hm!l Mazzo. D T.
Powers. Frank Newbauer. Michael Casey,
James A.' Brien, M. J. O'Brien. J. McDonnell
William Casserly, Miss Annie PothofT Miss
May Deasy r Mrs. Richardson, Mrs. A. Kerr
Mrs. F. Keyes, Mrs. r. R. Hullng. T. J. Stan
ton, Frank A. -Kessler, George B. Fuley T
P.. O'Brien, D. I. Mahoney. Fred E. Farmer'
Humphry Gallagher, M. J. Russell. R. A Call
lahan. John Riedy, William Logue. J. B Viz
zard. Maurioe Caturl, James A. Flanagan, M
J. Connolly. • - • . , . .-,-. ,
•Floor director. P. J. Hagan: assistant floor
.director, Miss Lillian -M. .-Byrnes. •.
The people of the* United States, and
particularly those of ' California, are
familiar with the work of Father Mc-
Kinnon during the war with Spain.
His heroic self-sacrifice and • absolute
devotion to all who needed his services
are matters of history. Now that he
has passed away it is proposed to erect
a fitting monument and in order to
raise funds the benefit entertainment
was planned. A splendid programme,
opening with a band concert at 7:30,
and including competitive drills by mil
itary organizations/has been arranged.
The committees having charge of the
affair are as follows:
Arrangements: Executive committee— James
A S chairVnan; J. B. Queen, treasurer;
dan In«t ute No. 2— Miss Annie Pottxifr. Miss
MarWret O-Neil Dr. Mary, HaJton. Institute
No.^-Ml" 8 May Dea*y, Miss Ella Comyn»
toss Belle lV>yle. Institute No. 7-Mlss Nelll**
Sn, Miss UUian Byrn^Mrs G«,rge Wch
ardson. Institute. No. 20— MJs,b Burke, Mise
Catherine "Baxter. Miss Alice Conway - - : .
Young Men's Institute— Frank J.Kterce. su
preme prescient: James D. Whalen, grand
{.resident Paclnc jurlPdictitm;. George .A. btan
iVy. grand secretary 1'aylnc jurisdiction. Pio
neer Council No. i-r. S: Hagan, L. R. My
rlck T J. Stanton. Mission Council No. J—
Charles" C5. Wiliey. Daniel J. Moynlhan. I- rank
•A Keller. Washington Council No. 4— P. K.
Ward*! J. McLaoighUn. William M.JSmespte..
Han 4'ranvleco Council Noc 7* r George B. /fceeley,
J It H-oinu, J. O. Murphy. • Golden fiate Coun-
cil No. ¦M^-'J. P- n.-Ke>t>'v.T. P. O-Urien. Eu ; ,
gen«- L. '¦' HarrinKton. Ignatian Coumil No, 3o
— I h Queen T. W. Butcher, IX I. llationey.
Columbia , Council -No. M— William Tiernan,
Lionel A. Deune, W. O. Patch. Cathedral No.
M»— Fred E Farmer. \V. A. Kelley, It. K. Dol
lanl Phil Sheridan Council No. 72— Thomas
Kyan Curtis, Humphrey Gallagher, Omar K.
Doyle. Strosinayer C^ouncii No. 400 — J. P. Cre
salla \nton Plloovich. At. J. Russell. Portoia
Council No. 47o— K. A. c:allahan, W, II. Mur
phy I). F. Powers. Sileslan Council No. 5C5 —
Joseph 1*. Canii'Otlonlco, Kmil Mazzo, S. J.
Pugazzi. Potrero Council No. 7i—V..,lj. King
ston. John R}edf, Kd O'Donnell. Cooper Coun
cil No. ::io— M..J. Neubauer, ; P. K. Canavan,
William Logue. . r , _*v" „ _'
KuiRlits of Columbus: San Francisco Coun
cil—Frank T. tihea/T Michael Casey, J. C.
CJuet-n • ¦ ' /¦•'.*•" '¦'''¦•'¦¦
Youngr Men's Catholic.' Union : \ Ivoyola As
fembly No. \-r-3: M.-'VJzzarrf, 'M, -Fitzgerald.
James A. Urlen. Leo.Asaembly No; 4— Patrick
Cullan Maurice Cut'url, IX- T"rank;Ahearn.
Ladies* Auxiliary, A. O. H. : m Martha Wash
ington Division No. 1— Mrs. A.'.Kerr, Miss A.
Tierney, Miss J. Dillon. '•: Torke Division No. 3
—Mrs. J. O'lJrien,' Mrp. F. -Keyes, Miss M.
O'Connor. Robert; Emraett No."* 4- i -MrB. T. M.
O'Day, Mrs. O'Connor. Mrs. T.. R; Huling.
The entertainment to be held in Me
chanics' Pavilion this evening . under
the auspiees of the various local Cath
olic societies for the benefit of the Mc-
Kinnon memorial fund promises to be
a great success. Tn*e demand for tick
ets has been very large and the Pavil
ion's seating capacity will undoubtedly
be taxed to the utmost.
McKinnon Memorial Benefit
Promises to Be a
Great Success.
TUB LATE FATHER W. D.
McKINNON, WHOSE MEM
ORY WILL BE HONORED.
' Attorney Meyer was in court repre
senting Attorney George D, Collins,
who has been engaged to defend Gar-,
nett at the trial.
The Judge granted a continuance on
the ir.ction to set aside the informa
tien' till Saturday to enable the de
fendant's attorney to secure witnesses
in this State to appear in court to sup
port the motion and would then con
sider what action he would take re
garding Mrs. Coit. Attorney Grady
stating that if given time he. would
be able to secure her attendance, as,,
she was a most important witness for
the defense. - -,
On the motion to set aside the in
formation the attorney, W. D. Grady.
filed an affidavit yesterday for the de
f"w.dant in which it is alleged that
while Mrs. Coit was testifying in the
Police Court she was suffering great
mental anguish and physical pain, and
the defendant had been informed that
she was at the time nqt in a mental
condition to testify; that she had com
plained of being sick and unable to
be subjected to a cross-examination. It
was also alleged that the defendant
could prove by her that the transcript
of her testimony made by Court Sten
ographer Bloom did not conta t n a true
and correct statement of the same;
that she had testified she was unable
to give a correct detail of the commis
sion of the offense, and did testify that
she did not see the defendant shoot
the deceased; that the transcriDt was
incorrect in many material instances;
that Mrs. Coit had testified the de
fendant was crazy at the time, which
was not in the transcript, and that if
given time defendant could produce
Mrs. Coit in court to bear out these
allegations. . •
An affidavit was also filed by Grady
practically to the same effect and stat
ing that he had been unable to obtain
a copy of the transcript of the testi
monv till late in the evening of Janu
ary 19.
A few days ago he made a motion
to set aside the information on the
ground that the defendant had been
illegally held to answer by the com
mitting magistrate and yesterday he
made application for a writ of habeas
corpus for the release of the defendant.
The writ* was made returnable this
morning. *
The attorney for Alexander B. Gar
nett, charged with the murder of Ma
jor J. W. McClung in the apartments
of Mrs. Lillian Hitchcock-Coit, is ap
parently seeking to gain time by re
course to technicalities in Judge Law
lor's court, although protesting that he
has no desire to hinder or Impede the
proper course of the law.
Leo Newell is a Jockey, and during
thelaat k race season .was at the Oak
land track. He. attended his mother
during her. illness. . The niece, Miss
Silver, resides in Vancouver. The
Newells have a half-brother, the son
of their father, Rev. Father James
Newell, who -is- a Roman Catholic
priest in San Francisco.
Mrs. Bridget Newell, aged 66 years,
the mother of the missing man, djed
at Vancouver, Wash., January , 4 last,
leaving her property to be equally di
vided between her two -sons,* Leo and
Joseph, and Clara Silver, the daughter
of her, dead daughter.. The- estate
consists of forty-six lota in East Port
land and a house and r lots in Van
couver. "
Leo Newell is in -Portland and Is
striving to locate his "• brother. "The
last letter I receive^ f/orri him was
dated April 1, 1903;". said he, "and
was mailed at Crawford, Neb. Since
then my. brother has been completely
lost track of J* . * ..
Special Dispatch to The Can.
PORTLAND, Ore., Jan. 20. — Joseph
M. L. Newell is one .of three heirs
to an estate valued at . $10,000, and
until he Is found not one. of them
may touch the property. For nine
months not a. word has been heard
concerning ' his. '¦.¦ whereabouts, al
though his' last address was* Crawford,
Neb.
When the prison guard gave the let
ters to Boeder the prisoner opened the
one in the man's handwriting and read
it through. The other he refused to
open and handed it back to. the. prison
keeper without having broken the seaC
Little significance is placed in the
contents of the woman's * letter, ¦¦• as it
is supposed to have been written by
Blaise's wife, who had no inkling of
her husband's death. Detective Gib
son will have the other translated
some time to-day. , , ;
Gibson said yesterday that he .was ?
not investigating the statements^ of
the two Union-street carhouse '/men,
who said they, thought they saw a
man resembling Blaise on the night of
the murder. Neither of them is cer
tain that the man was Blaise and their
statement that he appeared to be
drugged Is considered evidence that
the one they "saw"'! was not Blaise, !
BLAISE NOT; DRUGGED.
It is known positively by medical
testimony that Blaise was not drug
ged prior to his murder. There was
no sign of the dead man having had a
death struggle with his slayer.
The police are of the opinion that
Boland and Collins saw some one else
consider the occurrence mereJy a
.coincidence. < The main reliance that
•the police -are placing in the securing
of enough evidence to convict Soeder
of the murder is in the characters
along Barbary Coast. Soeder was a
habitue of the low dance halls and sa
loons throughout that portion of the
city.
The police now have, in addition to
Cannon and the King woman, two
other women, Maggie Bennett and
Rosie Kirk, from the O K dance hall,
who claim to have seen Soeder short
ly after the murder was committed.
They also have other witnesses, but
refuse to divulge their names, fearing
to ; give the. attorneys for Soeder a
chance to prepare .their defense and
repudiate any evidence so far col
lected.
The two' letters addressed to Soeder
and received Tuesday by Morltz Meien
berg of 4800 Mission street were given
to Soeder to read at the City Prison
yesterday. One was in a man's hand
writing and .was mailed from Drags
burg, Germany, and the other was writ
ten in a woman's hand and mailed from
Hub, Germany.
SOEDER .GIVEN" "LETTERS.
Detective Gibson said last night that
he would hear, the man's story to-day.^
"I have received several letters andf
notes from this man," Gibson said, "but
I cannot give out his name yet. He
says that Leon Soeder was with him
the day before the- murder and that he
had hiis ; pockets full of poison. What
the poison was " I* will not say until, I
take his statement." - • - r ¦ '>¦ .
This new piece of evidence j is con
sidered of great importance by' Gibson,
in view-of the fact- that Soeder was
known 'to have had hydrocyanic acid,
chloroform and carbolic acid .in his
possession prior to the commission of
the murder. It merely further corrobo
rates the poison story, as already pub
lished that Soeder first planned to use
poison and afterward abandoned that
plan. Hydrocyanic, acid was found in'
the trunk of Solder and> he had * car
bolic acid and chloroform in his room
on Jackson street. ' . • ' -. -
Detective Thomas Gibson has a man
who was with Soeder the day before
the murder of Blaise, who says that
Soeder was ."loaded down" with poison.
The person who make3 tnis statement
has been hanging around polioe head
quarters for the last three days trying
to give his testimony. ' * *
Accused Man Is Handed Two
Letters , From Germany and
. Refuses to Open One of Them
Attacks Correctness of Stenog
raphers Transcript of Testi
mony Taken in Police Court
Property Is So Devised That
, It .Cannot Be Divided Until
the Absent Man Is Located
KEEPS HIS NAME SECRET
DROPS OUT OF SIGHT
Joseph Mi L. Newell, Who W T as
Left Small Fortnne by His
Mother, Is Sought -by Family
Reeeivcs 'Missive From a 'Man
Who Says That Soeder Had
Poison lii .?• His Possession
Mrs. Harry G. Miller gave a luncheon
last Saturday -at her home, • 403 Cole
street, in honor of Miss Nettie Stevens
of Oakland. The engagement of Miss
Stevens to Charles Dunsmdor of Napa
has recently been announced and this
'luncheon was made the-, occasion of
congratulations- and well wishing. Dec
orations were of ferns cud white roses.
The guests were Miss Margaret Olcese,
Mrs. Raymond Kitchener, Mrs. 'Charles
Evans. Miss Gertrude Benjamin, Miss
Miller. Miss Marion Miller, all of Oak-^
land. Miss Clare Moore of St. Thomas.
Canada, and Mrs. Alfred Hare of
Fresno.
The Outdoor Art League met yester
day at the Occidental Hotel, and many
communications were read from prom
inent men throughout, the country in
support of the "Big Trees" movement.
The 23d brings the- nuptials of Miss
Emma Wallace Rutherford, daughter
of Mrs. George' Crocker, and Philip
Kearney— in New York, of course.
Gotham has been the home, of this
branch of the Crocker family for some
Mrs. M. H. de Young's tea on Satur
day in honor of Miss Constance de
Young, the debutante, is the biggest
thing on the cards this week In the
way of private entertaining.
Mrs. Andrew Welch, the statuesque
bride of a few months, held a large re
ception yesterday at the Welch resi- \
den'ce on Eddy street Several hun
dred friends called during the fashion
able hdurs. . who were received by the
hostess in her exquisite wedding gown
of white paon velvet and lace. Receiv
ing with her were Mrs. Eugene Lent,
Miss Florence Callaghan, Miss Olga
Atherton, Miss Agnes Clinton, Miss
'Agnes Butler, Mrs. Louis Welch, Mrs.
Charles K. Harley, Miss Stella Fort-_
mann, * Miss Mabel Hogg and Miss,
Norma Castle.
fact. , V
That their honeymoon will be filled
with music no one who knows them
both will doubt, for both are devout
votaries of the sweet allurements of
song.
A, pleasant reception surely awaits
them when they turn their steps west
ward.
The marriage of Miss Rose Adler and
Armand Cailleau in London was really
nbt so great a shock to some San Fran
ciscans as would seem. Mr. Callleau's
admiration for the charming singer
was known to air his intimates, he
taking no especial pains to conceal the
* . •. • . ¦¦ •
: . The: following guests were, present:
Miss Margaret Newhall, Miss Gertrude
Hyde-Smith, Miss Helen de Young.
Miss Alice Sullivan, Miss Newell
Drown, Miss Emily Wilson. Miss Gene
vieve King, Miss Herrick, Miss Ethel
Dean, Miss Florence Cole and Miss "Vir
ginia Jolliffe. . .
Miss Gertrude Jolliffe's luncheon was
a charming 1 affair, as are all the func
tions given by the young women of the
house of Jolliffe. . . /
The following . ladies • were \ present :
Mrs. M* KirkpatricJc the Misses Con
stance arid Ruth Kirkpatrick, Miss Jas
mine Young, Miss Elizabeth Bember,
Mrs. Dougherty, Mrs. ' Franklin Cane,
Mrs. L." 'Dozier, Miss Jessie Anderson.
Miss Hazel Wiley,, Mrs.- Charles Dough
erty, Mrs'. ! Duke Baxter, Mrs. Franklin
Blake; Miss Persia Coleman, Mrs. C.
M. Stone. Mrs. Hilda- McDonald," Miss
Belknap, Miss Stella Salisbury. Miss
Emily Stone, Mrs., Jabish Clement and
Baroness Nugent.-
Yesterday was distinctly "a day of
feasting— luncheons, luncheons every
where. Quite the most, elaborate were
those of Mrs. Ritchie Livingston Dunn
and of Mrs. M. Klrkpatrick.
Mrs. Dunn entertained thirty-five
smartly gowned women at the. Uni
versity Club in honor 'of her well be
loved sister-in-law, Mrs. Harry Mac
farlane of Honolulu. • ?
The tables were arranged in dumb
bell fashion — a style much affected now
at smart functions— and-" were; graced
with bowls of lovely roses and leis of
violets. . - < -¦- e . •
Softly the music from the isle of
palms floated through the. air, now gay,
now plaintive, but so . soft ' and sweet
as never, to interrupt the merry round
of jest and repartee.
The following were guests at the de
lightful luncheon: Mrs. Harry , Mac
farlane,' Mrs. . Henry Foster Dutton,
Mrs. William J. Dutton, Mrs. William
Thomas, Mrs. James Costigan, : Mrs.
Augustus B.Costigan, Mrs. Charles
Krauthoff, Mrs. John Robinson, Mrs.
William Morrow, Mrs. Grayson Dutton,
Mrs. Frank Deerlng, Mrs.' Frank Bates,
Mrs. -Hilda Baxter, Mrs/ Burns Mac
dcmald. Mrs. Dean, Mrs. Frank Wil
son, Mrs. Stanley Revett, Mrs. Mal
colm Henry, Mrs. Harry Durbrow, Mrs.
Kugene Bresse, Mrs. Lewis Pierce, Mrs.
Ida Lewis, Mrs. J. C. Adams, Mrs.
Victor Lewis, Miss Jennie Blair, Miss
Gertrude Dutton, Mrs. Maye Colburn,
Miss Edith Cutter, Miss Amy Porter,
Miss Eleanor Warner, Miss Ethel Coop
er, Miss Da|sy Burns, Miss Frances
Harris, Miss Jessie' Filmore and Miss
Grace Holt. "
Mrs. Kirknatrick'g luncheon was a
large and elaborate function, twenty
guests gathering in the conservatory
around a table rarely beautiful with
acacia, and daffodils rising from vases
of burnished - brass. The name cards
bore these lovely tokens of spring,' while
about the conservatory hung innumer
able baskets of graceful vines and stur
dier, greenery. •-. . . .v,. .1
By Sally Sharp.
ALSO APPLIES FOR WRIT
Files an Affidavit on the
3Iotion of His Attorney to
Set Aside the Information
Hugh Craig, one of the best known
figures in commercial circles in this
city, asks that the courts assist him in
recovering $1764 90 and costs, which he
alleges Dowie has owed him since 18$8.
The attorneys for the plaintiff say that
the modern "Elijah" does not repudiate
the debt, but claims that It was money
paid in the Fpirit of charity and friend
ship, and that it is not a moral or a
legal obligation. He refuses to settle
and will fisht the suit. Craig & Craig,
attorneys for the plaintiff, say that
they. do not propose to delay Dowie"s
GHOST IX SHAPE OF DEBT.
The ghost lii the shape of an old
debt that arose in the path of John
Alexander Dowie yesterday and re
sulted in his display of ire last even
ing carries a story that lapse?
bark over a period of years. It i? an
incident of a time when the landlord
of the terrestrial Zion came to this city
more Christ like than on the present oc
c-agion. His garments were not as ra
diant and he was accepting alms. Since
the luster of Ws wealth has shone upon
him those vino gave ask for an ac
cotntlng. The machinery of the courts
has been set in motion and there Is
trouble ahead for the man who patches
broken limb? -and heals wounds by
"faith" and "the will of God."
RELIGION AND BUSINESS.
The meeting' opened • as usual with
gospel reading, followed by a long
prayer, which, if answered, will assure
all followers of this latter day prophet
a soft berth on earth and crowns of
glory in the greater kingdom of heaven.
Arising from his knees, he at once
proceeded to hui 1 invectives at Hugh
Craig, who earlier in the day had ap
plied to the courts for an order com
pelling the founder o-f a terrestrial Zion
to pay an old debt of more, than $1700.
Dowie was indignant, and stated that
this was merely an attempt to black
mail him. He announced that the
properties which he is managing are
worth $20,000,000, and further. If he has
wronged any man he will pay him
seven-fold.
While tho prophet was hur.orcd with
a full house, he was dishonored by
hundreds who had evidently forgotten
the biblical story of the boys who were
eaten uo by bears for dishonoring the
bald head of a prophet and risked a
similar fate by interrupting the speech
of the modern Elijah with laughter,
coughing and hisses.
Although, according to Dowie, he is
a simple servant or the Lara,' acting
at present as an advance agent for the
second coming of the Master* he was
not averse to using a little fairy lan
guage regarding mundane affairs. In
fact his entire talk was an incongru
ous mixture of Bible quotations, relig
ious exhortations and braggadocio
boasting vf the extent of his fortune.
The platform was filled with his fol
lowers, but he offered no exhibits to
.prove his miraculous powers of healing.
San Francisco audiences are not ap
parently to the liking of the prophet.
During his discourse he told of having
addressed audiences in all parts of the
United States*, but never had he met
•with so many Interruptions as in this
city. He followed this statement with
the terrifying threat that if the audi
ence did not quit interrupting he would
clo^e the meeting: at once. The'threat
had no effect, nor was it carried out.
as the interruptions continued at in
tervals, until the prophet, with hands
folded before him. eyes closed and face
pointed heavenward, pronounced the
benediction in a voice inter which a
carefully studied tremolo was intro
duced. During the entire meeting his
role seemed more of actor than preach
er, and this, combined with the tem
perament of the audience, gave one the
Impression that a farce was being en
acted.
Jn the matter of attendance the
jtrirphot. jis personated by John Alex
a:ii>i: Dowie, was not dishonored last
niSht. The Alhambra Theater, where
he occupied the center of the stage for
about two hours and talked on reliff
lon or any other .subject which inisht
present itself to him. was thronged with
the curious, the devotees and th« ordi
nary idlers.
Alleged Elijah Chafes Under
the Treatment Accorded Him
by San Francisco .People
MCETIXG JS NOISY ONE
John Alexander J)owie Tims
Answers Charge of Promi
nent Citizen Who Sues Him
ACCUSES CRAIG
OF BLACKMAIL
GARNETT SEEKS
TO GAIN TIME
GIBSON WORKS
ON NEW CLEW
ESTATE AWAITS
A MISSING HEIR
LUNCHEON
IN HONOR OF
FAIR VISITOR
ENTERTAINMENT
TO RAISE FUNDS
IN GOOD CAUSE
THE SAN FRANCISGO CALU THURSDAY, JANUARY -21. 1004.
• The Mechanics' Bank was incorpor
ated yesterday with, a capital stock. of
$250,000, all of which, is subscribed by
a number of. prominent citizens, and
capitalists. The directors of the new
institution and the amount 'they have
subscribed are: .G.. F. .tyonV $20,000:
H. T. v Scott, i$10.000; F. Mi* Greenwood,
$4500; and" $11,000. as c trustee';' Ji-l O'B.
Gunn, J $10,000:^ Marshall- Hale, $5000; G.
M. Mitchell, $2500; C. >Q. Moore, '$5000;
F. W. Dohrmann Jr.; $1000^0. W.* Kline,
$2500; W. . F.' : Williamson, $5000* F. '¦ H.
Clark. $5000. '
Mechanics' . Hank Incorporates.
An appreciative audience greeted the
Zech String Quartet at. its first concert
of : the season last evening in Century
Club^Iall. The quartet — consisting of
W. P. Zech, first violin; J. Baumgart
ner, second violin; W. von Helms, viola,
and J? L. von der Mehden Jr.— was as
sisted by:L H. Eaton, pianist, and his
work, materially contributed to the suc
cess of the concert, y
' The -first number, Rubinste4n's quar
tet'ln P major, brought out precise har
mony: and excellent phrasing, and '"a
quintet for piano '¦•> and strings •in i (3
minor, composed by August Klughardt,'
compelled * applause. The ; second violin
was notable for its , mellowness, y
i The second concert Is announced for
February 10
4
SCOTT^S EMULSION.
Have you ever tried Scott*s
Emulsion »or a thin, weak
child, one backward in growth
and slow in development?
Those who have know the
pleasure of seeing their
delicate child gnow strong
and become well-developed
under the gentle but effective
influence of Scott's Emulsion.
For! the weak growth of the
bones, Scott's Emulsion sup-
plies those powerful tonics,
the hypophosphites. For the
lack of proper healthy flesh
Scott's Emulsion provides the
nourishing cod liver oil in an
easily digested and palatable
form. Any child that needs
moire and better nourishment
— effective nourishment — will
get it in Scott's Emulsion.
Thereis no other remedy or
food that combines so much
tHat is necessary in maintain-
ing good health and right
growth in children.
TTetl seed row a <ssn:ple free upon request. "
0COTT & BOWNIi . 409 Pearl Street, N T.
DR. PIERCE'S REMEDIES.
VJ^I^ The story of a
\\\9mJ» / great deal of the nr>
(Jfej^^^^r / happiness of women
/ is a story of lost
' *hS^ / > health. "Women
/SEftWtt^ft^. ¦wonder how it is
gm&MSkL that little by little
B^SaSF^fK *^he form loses
plumpness, the
KfflfljMSBja cheeks grow hollow
H^mH^L and sallow, and
A^^^^l^* •worn-out all the
ti me * Jn a large
xlv^^w proportion of cases
when women are
weak, run-down and falling off in flesh
and looks, the root of the trouble can be
traced to womanly diseases which under-
mine the general health. The proof of
this is that women who have been cured
of painful womanly diseases by the nse
of Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription have
recovered their general health, gained in
flesh and in appearance. . »
$5OO Reward for Women Who
Cannot bo Cured.
The proprietors and makers of Dr. Pierce's
Favorite Prescription now feel fully war-
ranted in offering to pay $500 in legal
money of the United States tor any case
of Leucorrhea, Female' Weakness, Pro-
lapsus, or Falling of Womb, which they
cannot cure. All they ask is a fair and
reasonable trial of their means of ewe.
« I suffered for three years with ovarian
trouble." writes Mrs. 'Ann Quinn (Treasurer
Woman's Athletic Club), of 601 Sycamore St.,
Milwaukee. Wis. "The treatment I took did
not do me a particle of good, until a good neigh-
bor who had been using l>r. Pierce's. Favorite
Prescription advised me to give it a trial. . The
next day took my first dose, and H wu my first
' step toward recovery. " In nine week* 1 was a
different woman ; my flesh which had been
flabby became firm, complexion clear, and my
eyes bright. It was simply an indication of the
rreat change within from pain and suSering to
health and happiness." ' . < ,
. Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets invigorate
stomach, liver and bowels. ,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Positively cured fey these
Little Pills,
Thej also relieve Distress from Dyspeprfa,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
Sect remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsl-
a-ws, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongtse
Pain in the Side, TORPID UVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. Small Dose.
Small Price.
.C UTLERit*
OCEAN 1EAVEL
e Steamers leava San Fraa-
clsco as follows:
For Ketchikan. Wraneel.
Juneau. Halnea, SkagTiay.
«tc, Alaska— U *. to.. Jan.
18. 21. 26. 31. Veb. i.
Changs to company's steam-
ers at Seattle.
For Victoria, Vancouver.
Port Townsend. Seattle. Ta-
coma. Everett. Whatcota — 11 a. m.. Jan. 1^
tl, 20, 31. Feb. 8. Change at Seattle to tbl»
company's steamer* for Alaska and O. N.
Ry. ; at Seattle or Tacoma to N. P. Ry-. **
Vancouver to C* P. Ky. ' „
For Eureka <Humboldt Bay)— Pomona. 1:*»
p. m.. Jan. 17. 23. 29. Feb. 4; Corona. liMn
m.. Jan. 14, 20. 26. Feb. 1. ,
For Los Angeles (via Port Lo» Angela* and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara—
Eanta Rosa. Sundays, ft a. m. • -- - •
State of California. Thursday*. 0 a. m.
For Los Angelea (via. San Pedro and Cast
Ean Pedro), Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucoa. Port Harford (San
Luis Obtspo), Ventura and Hueneme.
Coos Bay. 9 a, in.. Jan. 12. 20. 23. Feb. 3.
Bonita. 9 a. m.. Jan. 18. 24. Feb. 1.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Josa del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Ro-
salia. Guayroas (Ilex.), 10 a. m., 7th of eaco
month.
For further Information obtain folder.
Right Is reserved to change steamers or sail*
Ing dates. . • \ . .
TICKET OPriCES — 4 New Montgom-
ery street (Palace Hotel). 10 Market streot and
Broadway wharves
Freight office. 10 Market ftreet.
C D. DUNANN. General Passenger Agent.
10 Market street. Fan Francisco.
O. R. & N. Coi
Oregon sails Jan. 23. Feb. 7. 1". 27. March
9. 19 and 2*J. S. S. Oregon is temporarily In
service Inntend of th» Columbta. Geonre W\
Elder sails Jan 23. Feb. 2. 12, 22. March 4.
¦¦ 14 and 24. Only steamship line to PORT-
i LAND. OR., and short rail line from Portland
to all points East. Through tickets to all
points, all rail or steamship and rail, at LOW-
EST RATES. Steamer tickets Include berth
and meals. Steamer sails foot of Spear st. at
11 a. m. S. F. BOOTH. Gen. Agt. Pass.
Dept.. 1 Montgomery *s>t.: C. CLIFFORD. Gea.
Agt. Frelcht Dspt., X Montgomery St.
f AMBBICAH lOTB.-^:^.
Plymouth — Cherbourg — Scutlianrpton. I
From New York Saturdays at 0t<tt> a.m.
Philadelphia ...Jan. 30[New York .Feb. 13
St. Louis :..Feb. CiSt. Paul. .......Feb.' 20
ATX.AUTTC TSASS7OST I.XST2L
2Tew Vcrk — London Direct.
MARQUKTTE JAX. 30 — »:0O AM
MINSEHAHA FEB. 6 — 9 -.00 AM
MINNEAPOLIS ..FEB. l.'lr- S:CO PM
MESAKA FEB. 20— 9:00 AM
On!y First-Class Passengers Carried.
¦ . DOMINION LINE.
Portland — liiverpool — Short sea passage.
Canada Feb. «( Canada Mar. 12
Dominion Feb. 271 Vancouver .¦ Mar. 2rJ
EOLLAITS-AMESICA UXTB.
New Twin-Screw Steamers of 12.500 Tons.
New Tork — Rotterdam. Via Boulogne.
Sallins; Tuesday at 10 a. m.
Rotterdam Feb. 2!Statendam ....Feb. 2*1
•Sloterdyk Feb. ICltAmsterdam . . .Mar. 1 '
tSteerage only. only. ;;
BED STAB I.INI!.
•'-~ Sew "STork— Antwerp— Paris.
ZecVd.Jan. 30. 10.3O ami Vdrld.Feb. IX lOt^O am '
Flnl'd.Feb. 6. 10:3O am'Krnld.Feb. 20. 10:3O am
WHITE STAB LINE.
JTew Tori — Qneessto-orn — Iilverpool.
Sailing Wednesdays.
i Odr!c....Jan. 27. nocn {Celtic... Feb. 17, 6 am
: Majestic. Feb. 3. 10 amfCedrlc...Feb. 24. 11 am
. Oceanic. .Feb. 10, 1 pail Majestic. Mar. 2. 10 am
Boston — Queens-town — liiverpool.
Cretlc... Feb. 4. March 3. March 31
Cymric : Feb. 18. March IT
BOSTON MEDITESltANEAN SXBVXCB.
Azores, Gibraltar, Naples, Genoa.
CANOPIC Jan. 30, Mar. 11
REPUBLIC (new) Feb. 13. Mar. 2i
ROMANIC Feb. 27. April »
C D. TAYLOR. Passenger Agent Pacific Coast.
21 Post St., San Francisco.
H 1^^ CMBSCt TO THl \lH
|K^7k££jES?5 MABStllXtS. C£J(OAV^iV |
KfMAPVeS 8r ALgXANDRIA. RCYPT^bl
CANOPIC ....Jan. SO. Mar. 12
REPUBLIC (new) Feb. 13. Mar. 26
ROMANIC Feb. 27. ApL 9, May 14
(Send for rate* and illustrated booklet.)
These steamers are the largest in the
Mediterranean service.
First class, $05 upward.
Boston to Liverpool QTl eeSow»
CRETIC .Feb. 4, Mar. 3, Mar. 31
CYMRIC. Feb. 18. Mar. 17. Apl. 14
First class. SCO and $85 upward, accord-
ing to steamer. For plans, etc.. address -
WHITE STAR LINE. 77-St Stato St..
Boston, or to C. D. TAYLOR. 21 Pest st.
TOYO RISEN KAISHA,
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.)
Steamer* will leave wharf, corner Fir«t and
Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.. for YOKOHAMA
and Hongkong, calling at Kobe (Hiogo). Naga-
saki and Shanghai, and connecting at Hong-
kens with steamers for India, etc. No cars*
received on board on day of sailing.
S. S. AMERICA MARU..... ;,;.•¦•.
Monday. January 23. 10O4.
Via Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at reduce J
rates. For freight and passage apply at Com-
pany's office. 42t Market itrejit. corner First.
"W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
oceanics.uo.sss
£ g EOVOMA for Honolulu. Samoa, Aack.
'land and Svdney, Thursday. Jan. 81. 2 p. nu
c: s A.LAMHJDA. for Honolulu. Jan. 30. It a.m.
|l S. MAP.IPOSA. for Tahiti. Feb. 11. 1904.
fn^tseaJU tU.-tatSl.RvlL 7.PaciScSL
C0X7A8RIE GSHEaALS TRANSATLISTIWI
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARI3.
Sailing «very Thursday instead of dCSj-*
FatGrday. at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. -SftfiffS 1
North River, foot of Morton street.
first class to Havre.- $70 and upward. Sse-
nnd class to Havre. J43 and upward. CEN-
KRAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson Building).
New York. J. F. FUGAZ1 tz CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets !>o!i by all Railroad Ttcket Agents.
• Mart Iiland end Vallojo Steamers.
Steamer GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICEIXO—
B:4S a, m.. 3:15 and 8:30 p. m., except Sun<lay.
Sunday, 8:45 a. tn.. 8:30 p. m. Leave Val!e;i>»
7 a. m.. 12:3O and S p. m.. ex. Sunday. Sun«
day, 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Fare. SO cents.- Tei.
Main 150S. Pier 2. Misslon-st. dock. MATCH•A dime's, worth of- flank /beef;fur
nisLlsl284 of a pound^of sustenance. 6ut
the same". value in' tenderloin ' furnishes
less than orief fourth "as much. '-.
= Jan.' 20.— Because of the
continued cold- weather and the' consequent
forming:- C/,' ice floes .navigation, on the Dela
ware niver and Bay, was practically suspended
to-day, r A dozen large vessels.'; several of- them
train- Atlantic. steamers, are' prevented, contin
uing their. 1 voyage because of , the thickness ' of
the Ice ; la " the river. r ¦ . - .-, • -*.- ¦.,
POINT^RICHMOND. Jan- 20.— E.
J. Sexton 1 was • found dead on " the
Mederos** ranch -to-day. He, went
hunting with: W: J. Davis and James
ClanceyJ yesterday, and is supposed to
have died from exposure.
Dies iFrom Exposure.
Without • seeing the Diamond Palace
would be I like J visiting Europe "without
seeing Parfs. : It is a leading feature of
San; Francisco, : and is conceded ,to be the
most beautiful --jewelry store in the
world. Visitors or purchasers are equal-
ToVyisIt San Francisco
BERKELEY. Jan. 20. — The body of
the man found. dead on -; San Pablo
avenue '.yesterday, by school children
remains at ,the. morgue . unidentified.
The man was unknown in this neigh
borhood' and'-is supposed to have been
one of '-a ; number- of, laborers who
drifted^in^ on -a; train from the coun
try. 'An autopsy that, was performed
to-day revealed the fact that the, man
died of exposure. . .'' ¦ •
Body Remains Unidentified.
Captaiiv H.'Baumgardner, Machen's
brother-in-law, secretary of the De
posit Trust ' Company of .Westminster,
Md.', : also testified as to Machen's de
posits' with that .company.-' : "
WASHINGTON, Jan. 20.— In the
postal trial to-day the Government
gave further evidence to show the.re
lations existing. between Machen, the
Groff brothers and Mrs. Lorenz. con
cerning-the sale of letter - box fasten
ers to the Government. Several wit
nesses from Cleveland apd Toledo hav
ing- certain 'connection .with banking
institutions testified to. various 'depos
its byi the Lorenzes of checks of -D.'B.'
Groff" for 'large amounts and to^ cer
tain" debits made against their indi
vidual'accounts.' - ¦ v ¦ .
Prosecution Works to Establish Proof
of Machen's Relations With
-His Codefcndants.
SEEK EVIDENCE OF
7. THE CONSPIRACY
WASHINGTON, Jan. 20.—Po^tof
fices established— California: Glen
blair, Mendocino County, Abbie P.
Scott , postmistress ; Markham, So
noma County, • Theresa Bertossi
pestmistress. Postofflce discontinued,
January 30— California: . Machin,
Ma rin County, mall to Ignaclo. Post
master commissioned — Washington:
Thomas L. Hofler, Long Beach, fourth
class. Postmasters appointed—Cali
fornia: Charles. Hall, Broderick, ; Yolo
County, vice F. M. Buckingham, re
moved; Emma'L. Hills, rje Luz, San
DJego County, vice Irvine N. Camp, re
signed. Army orders— Captain Frank
M. Savage, quartermaster. Fifteenth
Infantry, will relieve Major Edward
H.Plummer, Third Infantry, of. charge
of construction works at O'rd Barracks,
Monterey,- Cal. . Navy ordersr-Ensign
T. L. Stitt," detached Boston, resigna
tion accepted. .; . >
for \avy and Postofflce In
the West.
Washington Departments Issuo Orders
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Xames Church Building Committee.
P,ERKELEY, Jan. 20.— The Rev.
C. K. Jenness, pastor of the Trinity
Methodist Church, announced last
night at' a meeting .of the official
board of the 'church the . following
named as members of -the committee
to take charge of the 'project for re
placing the present -church -'building
with a new one: K. "Almind, . E." *F.
Barry. Dr. P. F. CBiehl, J- E> Blean,
W. H. Bone.. Dr. F. :I>. Bovard. 'Wil
liam Bush, Walter Busher.T. E. Cal
decott, J. G. Cooper, "E. C. Cole, J.
F. Devendorf, T. D'Estrella. Martin
Fo3s, N. L. Freeze. J. Freuler, Robert
Faucett, J. F. Frater, ' Chauncey
Gaines., Thomas Grigs, S. A. Hackley.
R. G. Hart, r>. S. Hay. William Kelly,
W. H.'Mara, G. A.. Martin, Dr. W. S.
Matthew, W. ; S. McCIure, Dr. E.'D.
McCreary. E. L. Morgan^ J. T. Mus
grove." E. E. Newton. H. . ' V. Nelson,
Dr. H.C. Nutting, W. A: Parry.'* I. B.
Rhoades, E. E. Keyes, -C. • G. Rogers.
J. G. Sanchez.- George Serik, E. Ster
rett, H.E.. Skinner. Dr. Smyth, C. H.
Townsend, C. A. Westenberg. J. H.' N.
Williams, E. P. Willoughby, E. -J.
Brigden, L. H. Elliott. Will Ashland.
J. Augursberger, J.W. Maddrill. .-A.
H. Cole. S. W.. Cartwright. A. S.
Cooler/ F. W. Foss, E. E. Hall, A. T.
Hay, W.'B. Hill,; Thomas Hodge, F.
C. Lee, A: Mattern, W. G. ; Needham,
Paul Needham. L.. M.j Shaw, .A. B.
Smith. 'John Galen Howard was en
gaged' to ' draw plans for the. proposed
new building. " '' • . .
OAKLAND, > Jan. 20.— Suit for di
vorce was begun to-day by Maudina
S. Ritch'es. against Earl A. Ritches on
the ground : of . cruelty. * Mrs. Ritches
asks that she be allowed- to -resume
her maiden name of Maudina S. Mil
ler. She cfafmY.that Ritches is. not her
hush -.rid's true name and that she has
discovered they were married under a
fictitious _orie. . The:' were married less
than a year aeo. and sheinow believes
he is but. an adventurer.
Wants Name.
Violations of the law shall be report
ed by the Secretary of Agriculture to
the proper District Attorney of the
United States, who is, to direct and
cause proceedings to be prosecuted
without delay.
bureau of chemistry and foods in ex
aminations of articles required to be
inspected under the law.
fOne section of the bill provides penal
ties for- the introduction of adulterated
or misbranded 'foods or drugs; 'and;an
other section requires the Secretary t of
Agriculture to. prescribe- rules' arid reg
ulations to govern- the -director^ of "the
¦WASHINGTON, Jan. 20.— The House
passed the 'Hepburn pure food bill'to
day on a rising vote— 201 to 68— its op
ponents being unable to obtain a roll
call on the bill. The amendment in
serting the word "skillful" with refer
ence to persons who sell adulterated
or misbranded goods and. which would
have compelled " the Government : to
prove intent to violate the law by the
venders was stricken out. on an aye and
no vote in the House. - Several attempts
were made to amend the bill,- but no
material changes -were made.
The bill fixes the standards of foods
and drugs as to their purity, strength
and character, and defines what shall
be '¦. considered adulterations J or mis
branding of foods .and drugs. It pro
hibits interstate commerce, importation
and. exportation of such misbranded
or adulterated : articles. " •
- It is proposed to enlarge the scope of
the bureau of chemistry to include '. the
bureau of foods, and impose upon 1 , it- the
duty of performing all j chemical work
for . the other executive r departments.
This bureau will be! charged with the
duty, of inspecting food and -drug pro
ducts which belong,to interstate or for
eign commerce..- The- Secretary of
riculture is given; authority to employ
such chemists, inspectors, clerks -and
laborers as" may be ' necessary for 'the
enforcement of the act. ' - . ¦•
House Gives the Hepburn Measure an
Overwhelming Majority.
PURE FOOD BILL IS PASSED.
The House committee having consid
eration of the bill fathered by the Out
door Art League of California providing
for the purchase or condemnation of
the Calaveras Big Trees reported fa
vorably to-day. This bill will-be substi
tuted in the Senate for the bill pending
there introduced by _ Senator Perkins,
the machinery of the House bill for
carrying out its purpose being similar.
Similar bills to correct the deficiency
have been before Congress for twenty
years and have many times been fa
vorably reported.
The claim grows from the fact that
in all other such States this provision
was incorporated in the enabling act
by which they became States and has
been operative from the first. Califor
nia missed this benefit through the
manner in which It was taken into the
sisterhood without an enabling act. ,
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W., "WASHINGTON, Jan. 20.— Senator
Bard, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to-day reported favorably the
famous so-called "5 per cent , bill" of
California, which provides that the
State shall receive 5 per cent of all pub
lic lands sold within Its borders. The
total net proceeds of these sales amount
to date to $17,866,252, which means that
$893,312 shall be transferred from the
national to the State treasury should
the bill become law.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Senator Bard Favorably Reports the Famous
"Five Per Cent Bill" of California.
A physician says that the stomach
has nothing to do with seasickness.
Perhaps he is right, but seasickness
has a good deal to do with the
stomach.
TWO SENATORS AND A REPRESENTATIVE WHO FIGURE PROMI
NENTLY IN THE DAY'S NEWS FROM THE NAT I ON A&, HALLS Of
LEGISLATION.
Plaintiff Seeks Heavy Damages From
Master and Journeymen Horse
*«hocrs' Organizations.
The jury in the case of J. H. Mc-
Carty, who sued the Master Horse
fhoers' Union for 5100,000 damages,
«ks unable to arrive at a verdict last
night and was discharged. It is said
that at first nine of the jurors favored
the plaintiff, but as there was a dis- ,
agreement regarding the amount of
dem&ge*. one changed his vote and
stood with the defense. As repeated
balloting brought no further change,
the jurymen reported their inability to
arrive at a verdict and were accord
ingly diFchar»?-ed.
McCarty claims that the Master Horse
shoers' Association and the Journey
men Horseshoers' Union conspired to-'
gether to drive him out of business on
City Hall avenue. It appears from his
complaint in the action that for a
number of years he had been a mem
ber of the association and that last
January he was expelled and a boy
cott placed against his business. The
boycott was participated in by the
journeymen's union and the masters'
P.F*ociation, with the result that after
a few wfks McCarty lost all his cus
tomers and was compelled to close his
business.
In filing the action for damages Mc-
Carty complained that he was the vic
tim of a conspiracy entered into by
his fellow employers and the journey- ,
m*n, who sought to drive him out of I
business because he did not live up to
an agreement existing between them to
k^ep up the price of shoes and to re
frain from soliciting trade. I
The trial of the case occupied
twenty-five days in Judge Hunt's
court.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 20.— Senator
Morgan to-day introduced a bill pro
viding for the annexation of Panama to
the United States, "the rights and
property of Panama resting in the
United States without -cerve." The
bill appropriates $10,000,000 as compen
sation to Panama for its cession,
places $10,000,000 at the disposition of
the President for compensation of Co
lombia and appropriates $60,000,000 for
the purchase of the property of the
New Panama Canal Company in Co
lombia, including the Panama canal.
It is especially provided that the pro
visions of the bill shall not hav«_ the
effect of repealing the Spooner act.
Morgan gave notice that he would sub
mit some remarks on the bill to-mor
row.
A preamble to the bill sets forth that
many nations have recognized the se
cession of Panama and the independ
ence of that republic is an accom
plished fact. The bill asserts that the
President of the United States ap
proved and protected the secession
with the naval forces of the United
States and that the President and Sen
ate recognized the independence of the
new republic by appointing and ac
crediting a Minister to that republic.
After providing for the construction of
the Panama canal by the United
States, the bill declares that all the
rights and properties of the republic
of Panama, of every description, shall
vest in the United States of America
without reserve, and shall be subject
to its sovereign jurisdiction.
Senator Morgan also introduced a
concurrent resolution directing the
President to enter into negotiations
with the Governments of Nicaragua
and Costa Rica for the construction of
a canal via the Nicaraguan route.
Two Speeches on Panama.
"WASHINGTON, Jan. 20. — Senator
Patterson to-day completed and Sen
ator Platt ' of Connecticut began a
speech on the Panama Canal question.
Patterson declared that the President
was largely responsible for the revolt
in Panama and announced his decided
preference for the Nicaraguan route.
Platt took this pronouncement for
Nicaragua as the text for his remarks,
saying it explained the mystery of the
otherwise unexplainable opposition, on.
the part of the Democratic Senators,
to the Panama treaty.
MICHAEL AND CATHERINE
KELLY SETTLE TROUBLES
Wife of Retired .Merchant Files. a Dis
missal of llrr Action for Divorce
on (Ground of Cruelty.
Mirha^i Kelly, the retired mer
rhant, who was recently sued for di
vorce by Catherine Kelly on the
jrround of cruelty, has settled his dif
fprpnees with his spouse. A dismissal
of Mrs. Kelly's action was filed in the
Superior Court yesterday.
Hartson Tuttlo is seeking a divorce
from Nellie Tuttle on the ground of
desertion. He alleges that she left
him in January' of last year, just elev
en years after their marriage. Cru
elty is the ground on which Josephine
C. Hobbs is seeking a divorce from
George L. Hobbs. She charges that
he uses harsh language toward her.
Mahlon C. Harrison, the insurance
broker, who is being sued for divorce
by Inez Ray Harrison, has filed an
answer and cross-complaint. He de
nies his wife's charges and, accuses
her of being the cause of the family
row.
MAXT APPOINTMENTS
* BY. THE PRESIDENT
Nomination* for Positions in' Hie Xavy
anil Marine Corns Arc
Sent to Senate.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 20.— The Pres
ident to-day sent- to the Senate the fol
lowing: nominations:
Xavy— To be assistant paymasters:
Benjamin D. McGee, Ohio; William J.
Simonpietri, New York; Xeal P. Far
well, Pennsylvania, and Neal Spear,
Pennsylvania.
Marine corps — To be second lieuten
ants: William B. Upshur,;. Virginia;
Lovice P. Pinkston. Texas; -Arthur P.
Syrst. District of Columbia; Ward W.
Taker, Xew York; William' E. Parker,
Rhode* Island; Williain" M. Small.
Maryland; E. L. 'Bimlar, Ohio; Rob
ert B. Farquharson, Vermont; Charles
R. Sanderson, District of Columbia;
Walter X. Hill, Massachusetts; Tillman
Bunce. gouth Carolina; Ben S. Kerry,
Pennsylvania; Russell P.. Putnam,
New York; Benjamin A. Lewis, Xew
York. • •-¦ r -V .;•¦-;---,¦
Quotes California Law in the Contest
for the Unseating j of • Congress- '-V <•
, * •*" man Livernash. •
OLIVER DIBBLE ARGtiES
- IN* -BEHALF OF KAHX
WASHINGTON, Jan. 20.— Argument
began to-day in the Kahn-Livefnash
election contest before the House Com
mittee on Elections. Oliver Dibble,
representing Kann, addressed the
committee on the California law. Dib
ble bases his case chiefly on some 800
ballots upon which the name of Liver
nash is voted"*twlce.~* He ; holds that
this nullifies the ballot by specific dec
laration of the California law, 1 and that
if j the " California law is adjudged | to
govern the case • Kahn will be seated.
The argument will, be, resumed to
morrow. Livernash will plead his own
case. Kahn, 'who hasbeen iir athis
homeln San Francisco, has wired his
attorney that he will > leave for Wash
ington at once.
jury ix the Mccarty
CASE FAILS TO AGREE
At the. annual meeting of the stock
holders of the Mutual Savings Bank of
San Francisco held January 19 the old
board of directors was re-elected, as
follows: James D. Phelan, S. G. Mur
phy, John -'A. »' Hooper, James Moffitt,
Rob'ert McElroy, Frank J, Sullivan,
Rudolph Spreckels, James M. McDon
ald and Charles Holbrook. The board
organized ; by «v electing the. fol
lowing officers:; "James D. Phelan
president, S. G.. Murphy first vice presi
dent,- John A. Hooper secc-nd vice presi
dent, George A. Story cashier and sec
retary, C. B. Hobson assistant cashier
and assistant secretary and Frank J.
Sullivan attorney.
Mutual Savings Bank Officers.
OAKLAND, Jan. 20. — There were
many who attended the funeral ser
vices of the late Rev. George Mooar,
held this afternoon -from the Ply
mouth-avenue Congregational Church,
and there were many sincere tributes
paid to the deceased clergyman.
The services were held in the
church, of which he was the pastor for
many years, and the services i, were
conducted by the Rev. Dr. Hoagr. pas
tor of the church: Rev. H. E. Jewett,
who delivered the prayer, and Rev.
"Walter Frear. an old-time friend of
the deceased, who delivered the eu
logy. The casket was borne by six
students of the Pacific Theological
Seminary, the honorary pall-bearers
being Rev. J. K. McLean, Dr. "W. C.
Pond, Charles F\ "Whitton, J. W. Cox,
Professor C. B. Bradley and Rev. J.
K. Harrison.
The interment . was "in Mountain
View Cemetery.
There were many ministers bf the
Congregational denomination and
many friends of the deceased present.
Sincere Tributes Paid to Memory of
riev. George Mooar by His
. Friends.
MANY ATTEND FUNERAL
OF PROMINENT 3ON1STEH
OAKLAND. Jan. 20.— Members of
the First Congregational Church of
this city met this evening in annual
session and elected the following of
ficers: Trustees^ — L. E. Boardman,
Warren Olney Jr., E. H. Vance, S. T.
Alexander, A. S. Carman, George T.
Hawley, F. S. Stratton; deacons — C.
Z. Merritt. J. H. Lawrence and E. C.
Timerman; deaconesaes^ — Mrs. S. N*.
Palmer, Mrs. J. H. Brewer and Mrs.
T. R. Countryman; clerk. Miss Rose
M. Taylor; treasurer benevolent fund,
H. K. Snow; assistant. C. T. Osgood;
auditing committee — George Brubeck,
H. L. Holcomb and M. E. Spaulding.
The Rev. Sidney L. Gulick and . his
wife, now in Japan, were elected as
the foreign missionary representatives
of the First Congregational Church,
in Japan. .
Church Elects Officers.
Colonel W. S. McCarkey, who has
been confirmed as a permanent brig
adier general, will be relieved from duty
in the Philippines and ordered to com
mand one of the vacant military reser
vations, probably the Department of
Dakota. The confirmation of Colonel
Albert Mills as a permanent brigadier
general probably will not change his
present duty as superintendent of the
military academy.
.WASHINGTON, Jan. 20.— Many im
portant changes will occur in the army
during' the" next' few days, "resulting
from the retirement of Lieutenant Gen
eral Young and'.the promotion of Major
General Chaffee to be a lieutenant gen
eral.
Major General William A. Kobbe and
Brigadier General Alfred Mordecai
v/ere retired to-day and Major Generals
Joseph P. Sanger and Alfred E. Bates
and Brigadier Generals Harry L. Has
kell," F. H. Hathaway and Frank M.
Coxe will follow them on Friday. Brig
adier General Francis S. Dodge will be
come; paymaster general. Saturday
Major General Wallace. F. Randolph
will retlre^and General George L. Gil
lespie becomes a permanent major gen
eral and assistant chief of the general
staff, while Brigadier General Alexan
der McKenzie will, become chief of en
gineers. N Brigadier General John r.
Story will succeed General Randolph
as chief of' artillery. Colonels A.. C.
Taylor,- Artillery Corps; John G. Butler,
Ordnance Department; Jacob Kline,
Twenty-first Infantry; - William E.
Dougherty, Eighth Infantry; Charles J.
Ailen,, Corps of Engineers, and Theo
dore E. True, deputy quartermaster
general, will be made brigadier generals
and retired at once.
W. A. Gaines & Co. of Kentucky have
filod in the United States Circuit Court
a large number of complaints in equity
against numerous wholesale liquor deal
ers and jobbers of this city and else
where In the State, enjoining them from
Felling as "Old Crow" whisky any whis
ky or spirits not manufactured and dis
tilled by the plaintiff corporation at its
distillery In Frankfort. Kentucky.
These suits are the result of an inves
tigation which has been secretly con
ducted by TV'. A. Gaines & Co. in this
city and State and on the Pacific Coast,
to ascertain the firms that were putting
en the market an Inferior Imitation of
the famous "'Old Crow" brand of Ken
tucky whisk v,
Harry E. Blood, the traveling repre
»*ntatlv# of W. A. Gaines & Co., who has
b<?«>n in this city for months on this spe
risl mission, in conjunction with detec
tives from a well-known private agency,
purchased a quantity of the spurious
article in case* and bottles, at ridicu
lously low prices, from prominent Job
bers * and retail liquor dealers. Over
thrf^ months have been consumed in
running t« earth the traffickers in the
kKijrui? "Old Crow" brand, and the cost
has amounted to many thousand dol
lars. With these proofs in their hands.
V. A. Gaines & Co. have gone into the
I'nited States Circuit Court with peti
tions for injunction and damages against
thr dealers who have been thus engaged
In deceiving the public and Injuring the
business of the corporation, which is re
puted the largest distiller in the world.
Substantial sums offered by way of set-
Ilement out of court have been refused.
th* purpose of the distiller being to ex
pose and punish the liquor dealers who
l-.ave been Imposing on the trade and in
juring the reputation of the "Old Crow"
¦whisky, which has received universal
Teroj^iition since 1867. when W. A.
Gaines & Co. adopted "Old Crow" as the
distinguishing trademark for the whisky
which they distill and sell to the world.
"Old Crow" is made from the secret
formula of a Scotchman. Old Jim Crow.
who made the whisky famous as "Old
Cr"w" whisky. In 1S70. and again in
3??2. this trrdemark was registered In
the Patent Office at Washington. W. A.
Gaines & Co. have prosecuted Infringers
p.ll over the United States and obtained
Injunctions and judgments for costs and
damages from Federal Judges in every
State and Territory where dealers have
b*^n detected using the trademark "Old
Crow" upon goods not genuine.
Colonel. Albert Mills as Perma
nent Brigadier General Will
' Be at Head of the Academy
W. A. Gaines & Co. of Kentucky
Charge Big Dealers With Sell
ing Bogus "Old Crow" Whisky
INJUNCTION IS ASKED
XEW PLAGE TOR McCARKEY
Persistent Foe of the New Republic Presents a Measure Which, Pro
viding for the Acquisition of Isthmian Territory, Also Embraces Veiled
Attack Upon the Canal Policy of the Washington Administration
¦Wholesale Suits Are Insti
tuted in United States Tri
bunal to Stop Illicit Traffic
Retirement of General Young
and Promotion of Chaffee
Will Cause Reorganization
MANY CHANGES
IN THE ARMY
FAKERS HALED
BEFORE COURT
ANNEXATION OF PANAMA THE AIM
OF BILL INTRODUCED BY MORGAN
THE SAN- FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY,- JANUARY 21, 1904.'
5
APVERTISEMEirrS.
Pears'
"It is always sunrise
somewhere in the world/*
Pears' Soap is sold all over
Established ijt*. /
¦ ' ¦ . ' . . "
ifr^ayiJtefflerakar the Foil .Name
jjfaxative gromo Qizmme
CurtSaColdiaOneD.y. OVm2D«y»
4/5? Cfc*£— OD«v«y
V& S*r£f7mtlfr> box. 25c
'¦•- .¦---• . ADvjsifcTTHriraim'xa.
THE SHOE TRADE
PARALYZED
• ¦ - • -. .• , *. -.-. - .; f
NBVER BEFORE IN THE HIS-
TORY OF SAN FRANCISCO HAS
A SHOE SALE MET WITH SUCH
MARVELOUS SUCCESS
'NEVER BEFORE HAVE THE
. PEOPLE RECEIVED SO MUCH
SHOE VALUE FOR SO LITTLE
MONEY.
PF NOLAN
PRESIDENT OF NOLAN BROS. SHOE-CO^IS £
RETIRING FROM BUSINESS
AND EVERY SHOE IN OUR BIG STORE IS -TG faf?
- BE CLOSED OUT REGARDLESS OF COST.
NOT ONLY THE ODDS AND ENDS
;. BUT THE HUNDREDS OF REGULAR Lt*fes. f
CONTAINING ALL SIZES AMD ALL WIDffiHS. /
1 • MUST GO ALSO. | •
THE THOUSANDS WHO PURCHASED «DU&- •"
.ING THE PAST TWO WEEKS ARE EROOFWQ? 4 I
THE VALUES WE ARE GIVING. j£l
THIS WZEK
WE WILL CLOSE OUT MANY .LINES OF
NEW AND UP-TO-DATE SHOES AT SPECIAL
BARGAIN PRICES. £p
..WE HAVE NO BRANCH STORES..
NOLAN BROS.
Phalati R.nUJnfv 818-814 Market Street
ADVEBTISEHEinS.
Trunk and Suit Case— Special Offer.
Excellent Trunk, durably made. wlth-aJJ
heavy brass trimmings, two extra tray*.
double atrapped. and an extra value at
S9.50. TCa have specially reduee4 the
price to - »6.OV
Dress Suit Case of flne sole leather, hand-
some In appearance, well made and
durable, worth much more, but we offi»r
it for fO.OO
A. B. SMITH CO.
Trunks and , Traveling Outfits.
,128-132 Ellis Street. Above Powell.
,, San Francisco.
\K:3G
\3oHEMmn
I "Kins of oB Bottled Be«r». w • ' .V
I Brtw«4&ea Bohetawn Kop|»
I SOLO eV£2VWKEEE.
R HILBEIIT MERCAXTtLE COL.
¦ Pacific Coast Xcents. ¦ .
THIS^LUE SICNATURE
Ibeware of vust as coods\
Q visit DR. JORDAN'S qrcat i i
OF ANATOiYv
0 Q^ ic«nuimn.wti:»Ka.»LT.cu.| i
K Cy Tke Ljirtit Arv»to»,c»l Muinm li the'
Q World. WcaJcaesMS at, *ny comticted , I
9 ISJHI *P«a»!iit •• the Coms. Ett-jtjnn. < I
iflfSf 4 OR- JORDAN-DISEASE* OF MEM S
I U«n T»««tme«t ptnomtSly m b* lettrr. A M
I f li A«A>« CWtiacTcryc&taiadcTt^ra. f
P J li IP w "<* for B « k - rwa.«a«raT *r A
P I II* HAaaiASK. mailxo turn. (a¥
k O {j. »*ltttW« book for an) \
¥ DK. JOBDAM A CO.. 1051 Marktt HU. 9. F. 9
ADVERTISEMENTS.
China closet
.. rlf you intend purchasing
. a^.china closet come here,
. .where the assortment * is
largest and where* style is
: 1! assured. Designs represent-
: 'ip& many different fur-
' niturcj periods are shown,
"arid you will find it
j an . easy matter to match
your other ' dining-room
The particular pat-
:/; tern pictured above is
' ¦ : in',, golden quarter-sawed
; oak,, and has a mirror in
¦ rtopi Height of closet, .72
"inches; width, 38 inches.
'*.. and draperies ;
. . . from" the medium grade • to !
.the : finest made, in almost
extravagant variety. In real
' ../Arabian laces we are show-
.:''-.. mg some particularly ex-
. : quisite patterns, ranging in
.price from $n / oo to $20.00
.'the pair. f
261 :tq 281 Geary Street
]•'• • •?'At . Un ion SquarePANELS PAJNTED BY MR8. MAR
¦ ION HOLDEN POPE FOR THE
Oakland \free library. >
OAKLAND, Jan. '20.— The board of
directors of " the Nile Club has ordered
repairs - to be made ; at r once ln the
burned rooms. Insurance has been ad
justed. - "- '—fZ'rr'z*? e '^^; ¦; = •-'
Nile Club to Be Repaired.
OAKLAND. Jan. 20; — It is said that
an automobile bus line will be put on
between Oakland and Elmhurst by the
Stcme Brothers because the .Oakland
Transit Company will not reduce Its
fare to that point from 10 to 5 cents.
The. vehicle will carry twenty people
and has already been purchased. ¦
Automobile Bos line.
OAKLAND, Jan. 20.— E. B. Holli
day.'.a livery stableman, -was set upon
'last night in Lafayette Square by five
men and beaten. He claims James
Waftiser and W. R. Cochran. who were
arrested, were two of hia assailants.
Cochran caused Holliday's arrest on a
charge that the stableman ha^d tried to
cut him with. a pocket-knife.. Holli
day said he drew 'the weapon in self
defense. •'.
Five Men and a Knife.
Railroad Man Advanced.
OAKLAND, Jan. 20.2fD. P. Kellogg,
for many, years foreman of .the West
Oakland railroad yards of the South
ern Pacific Company, has been ad
vanced, to the: position of master me
chanic of the yards at -Bakersfleld.' ;He
will' take his '¦ new positi.orivon Febru
ary 1. : "
a prized article ' ln the wardrobe' 'of- her
great-grandmother. .- ¦ .
The «uest» at this quaint feast were: Mrs
Barbara, Mrs. Seth Mann. Mr*. Churchill
lor,; Mrs. Fred Dallam. - Mrs.. -Charles »Ijo*«H.'
,Mr«..'W r .';D^MUea, Mrs. Harry Carlton.'.Mrs '¦
-Feittm Taylor and" Mrtr Frank 1 C.'-Watgon.' "
OAKLAND, Jan. 2.—^P. L. Stern
berg*s residence, 673 Twehty-nfth
street, was entered by a daylight bur
glar yesterday afternoon. The house
was ransacked and a quantity of jew
elry was stolen. Included were a. pair
of diamond earrings, a gold breast
pin, gold neck chain and a child's
bank. The, bank, broken open, and
some souvenir spoons were found in a
lot at Ninth and Jackson streets this
morning. :»•«..
Daylight Burglar nt Work.
OAKLAND, Jan. 20.— The following
marriage licenses were issued .by the
County, Clerk to-day: Fred A. Jordan,
over 21, and Henrietta Rathjen, over
18, both of Oakland; Harry B. Green,
over 18, and Fern E." Smith, over 18,
Berkeley; Eugene J. Owen. 2S. San
Francisco, and Anna M. Helfstein, 19,
Chicago; Alpheus Miller, 24, San
Francisco, and Minnie Blanchfield, 21,
Oakland; Frank Gularte. 30, and Rosa
Mendonca, 21, both .of Decoto; James
McKee, over. 21, and Maud M. Burgess,
over 18, both of Oakland; Zepho T.
Thorning. 27. and Mary G. Morris, 21,
both of Alameda.
3Iarrlugc Licenses.
ALAMEDA, , Jan. 20.— There is a dif
ference of $20 between City Justice' K.
B. Tappan and former Constable George
D. Gray, and the double eagle, which
the magistrate claims the ex-constable
borrowed from him. is the basis of a
civil suit commenced by the Judge to
.recover the coin. In the complaint^ in
the action filed in the court of Justice
of the Peace F. S. Cone appear some
original allegations. After reciting that
Gray came to his law offlce on'Novem
ber; 17 last to obtain $20 with whlgh: tp
buy "tickets," which $20 was "then
loaned to the defendant with j the un
derstanding that it was to be paid.bacfc
nine days later/ Justice Tappan asserts
"that on Saturday. November. 28, 1903,^
as the plaintiff was walking in front of.
the Bank of Alameda, he" happened to
look up, and behind a. telephone polib
sa w the eye and face of the defendant
watching the plaintiff, as a coyote does
a chicken coming down a bushy path,
and after plaintiff had got well around
the corner, easterly from Park. street,
defendant approached plaintiff very
sheepishly and taking two. five-dollar
pieces out of his pocket put th6m on
the ends of two fingers and'. said to
plaintiff, 'Take a shot at \ that. 1 Plain
tiff Immediately became exasperated,
and taking the filthy lucre threw it-vio
lently'at the hoofs of the defendant;"
Justice Tappan alleges that Gray has
never paid him any of the twenty-dol
lar loan, and asks for judgment. for the
amount and costs of court.
The question was brought up to-day
upjn the admission of an old Civil War
veteran by the name of -Louis Jutgens.
He has been voting for years, but lately
it was discovered that he had failed
to have the court admit him to citizen
ship on the showing of; his discharge.
The new law, makes no provision for
such a course and he must now go
through the usual form.
-The form of oatif'to be taken by a
"C?ould-be citizen of this country was
finally agreed upon by the five Supe
rior Judges of this ccninty to-day. Ow
ing to -the requirements of the law
passed. •-, by. ¦Congress immediately, after
tire assassination of Preslden.t>McKin
ley there has been much confusion as
to what was necessary to be included
the form of affidavit to be subscribed
•to. - One Judge'; has been omitting one
portion and another another. To make
the. procedure uniform and to satisfy
all the Judges here nearly the entire
'act, consisting of four or five closely
.typewritten pages, is to be included
In the oath taken by aliens upon .be
coming citizens of the 'country- 1 ' *
>?. An applicant must- swear that he is
not an idiot and that he has not been
insane more than twice; thct he is not
an epileptic, a pauper, professional beg
gar, vagabond or likely to become a
public charge; he must not be afflicted
with . a . da'ngerous , contagious j disease,
nor have been convicted* of a felony;
neither shall # he be a polygamist- ribr
an anarchist. He must swear that he
has in no way aided in bringing con
tract labor Into, the country nor en
gaged in :the girl 'slave-trade.'-;. If he can
subscribe to the ¦ other legal require
ments and can satisfy the oath he is
•considered eligible to Decome.a unit in
this Government. ,
Oakland Offlce 6an Francisco Call.
-. .'-.1118 Broadway, Jan. 20.
Affidavit Agreed On by Ala
. meda Judge Is as Extended
as -Anti - Anarchist, Law
Judge R. B. Tappan Striving
to Recover $20 He Declare^
He Loaned to George D. Gra^
JUSTICE SUES
EX-CONSTABLE
REQUIRES LONG
OATH OF ALIEN
Many Friends at Funeral.
OAKLAND. Jan. 20. — Many friends
attended the funeral of James O.
Hesseguie, the old engineer of the
Seventh street local, which took place
this afternoon from his late residence
ln'Hast Oakland. The funeral was un
der, the auspices of Brooklyn Dodge of
Masons and the Brotherhood of Rail
road Engineers, and the pall bearers
were H. D. Rowe, Z. T. Gilpin, E.
Frick. I* Wright and H. L. Stevenson.
Telegraph Avenue Improvement.
'¦ OAKLAND. Jan. 20. — Work on the
reconstruction of Telegraph avenue
was begun to-day on the block be
tween Sixteenth and Seventeenth
streets. The contractors expect to
complete the thoroughfare in six
months.
-".OAKLAKD.'-Jan. 20.7fThe anr.oancement of
Miss Kditfc Larkey" s engagement \ to Arnold
Xe<?(iham will b« a bona fide surprise to the
majority of their friends, as both these well
known young people have been very reticent
about their little affair of the heart 'api, only a
lew cf their intimates have suspec^B^ a., ro^
jrar.ee. %,' ..
Miss Larkey Is a very clever girl,'-' with- a
trjght. gracious personality that has made her
a social favorite. A desire to help humanity,
especially the children and the poor, hag, how
ever, led her mind Into serious channels and
reariy every charitable undertaking has found
in Miss Larkey an active and wtlnng worker.
She bes been prominently identified with the
Mutual Benefit Club and also with the kinder
garten work "In this' city. She is l. daughter?
cf the late Jchr. Larkey. a well to do rancher.of
Coctra Ccsta. , •"••• .•¦'.¦.""• *¦'. ¦.
";*"AfSo!d. Necdhaza.'-thi prospective' is a
si>ecJ»l inspector In the United States Treasury
Dapanxieni. and- has many friends- all over the
State." The. family is well known In Oakland
ei»4 Berkeley*' although hi* father." Rev. A. T.
X»*<3hsm. "In e; present paster of tjhe Methodist
church at Pacific • GrQve. He is a' brother of
the well known ~s"ir:ger, Mrs. ESlHer Xeedham
Merriag.
Mr. Neefiham recently spent some time in
Mexico.- where' he has large interests In a tur
qucite mine.
The weddtng will -probably be a June event
and a!rea<1y many things are being "planned in
honor of the fiancee. Miss- Larkey is , the
fourth in a Coterie of young girls, who belong
to the same »et. to announce her approaching
ma.-riage. th^ others -being Mi«s Geraldine
S=cu; ham. Mies Nettie Stevens and Miss Wll
h»-lmine Koenlg.
Th«? engagement was made public ymerday
at a Httle ir.fornjal gathering of friends who
had afs<=mbled at the Larkey residence on
Twenty-third street to bid farewell to Mrs
Tregioan. who has been visiting her mother.
«"¦ M. E- Larkey. and her sisters. Misses Ida
and Edith Lark»>y.
. The Oakland Club .luncheons are growing In
porularity to such an extrtit that the reception
room is Kcaroery larg» enough to accommodate
all. the gup*ts. About seventy ladles enjoyed
a very delicious menu to-day. The viands were
pr«>par*<1 by the colored chef from W. S Palm
er'K rrivate.-car and would have satisfied an
epicure, although the fact that* larger number
of guesta than had been expected was the
cause cf considerable delay in the service
Every onewmed to -be having a good time
i^ e v""-T?f d t \ vo c . ver >' pleasing musical numl
« r K H,. L<lwar<1 str J<*land. Pianist, and Miss
Mabel. Rlegelman. a eweet singer, added much
to the enjoyment of the afternoon. Miss Rie-
R-lman is still ir. her- teen*, and. for so ? y OU ng
a girl, .ings with, admirable case and taste*
Her .song, wm! "Mr Mother Bids Me EindMy
Eu£ *%£"*•'"* " ln My harden." by.
V ,T ry b f comin «f h«t with long white f ptam4
STr'T'r" 1 ? * Om * Ven ' 'anyone fSr^
Mrt...E. J. Cotton. In a modish brown jmwiT
Mrs, Buirnftll. Mrs, W. A. Sehrock Jn :
Mm. Frederick Morse. In a gown &¦*"&
ton-e; Mrs. Hammer; Mrs. W. H J Mat-*
ii'ST w 11 w Ve ? handso r?« black velvet' dress;
Mrs. V\. W. Kergan. Mrs. George Wallace
Humphrey. Mrs. Charles Newman of 4"
y ranciiKjo (who was Elizabeth Murray). MnC
Hugh Hogan. In a tlack *u!t : with plurn^j
black Picture hat; Mrs. L. L. Bromwell mV-
D. M. Mendenhall (one of Oakland's new«t
and prettier brides). Mrs. Oscar Lunln^Mta
Lou Denlson. In array princess robe with
blacK b u] white applique f Mrs. T. P Hosrart
In white; MIm Mary Moffitt. Mrs. C. S. Cham!
b-r!aln. Miss Schwancr. Mrs. L. iT Br^d
well. Mr,. Fred Dorsay; Mre. L. D. TenSTnc
in rale lavender: and others. ntl
Mrs Tennant was chairman of the luncheon
committee, and was assisted ¦ by Mrs a
pro^mmT' """ Ch>rge ot lh ' »"-'e
The card party given yesterday by Mrs
George Wallace Humphrey, at the home of
her mother. Mr*. W. W. Kergqn, en EI K h"h
street, was in every way a delightful social
fuccw;. Mrs. Humphrey Intends giving a se
ries of these pleasent little affairs, the " one
S±j^tS5ff S^T to Ml8S Ann *
The decoration of the pretty rooms was en
tirely In white, carnations lending both bcautv
aii-l.fratrance. -Whist .wa. the game for "n
d*y. the prizes being' won by Mrs Thwart™
Su^'nucn"* 9 F1Oren ~ Z "* en '«" «5m«£
The lovely young hostess wore one of »,«••
trouKeau gown*, a pretty, plak eilk, and the
Ei¥?t of honor was charming in a v>nfc«Mcn
of pale pink mulle. s .u a /onreccn
Among the players were: Mrs Perr* <-!.„
Black. Mies Ethel Cornwall. Ml«s Ine« Bovif/
Miss Fdna Curdts. Mi*. Helen Crane Mrs E^ f
sere Kill.. Mi« Louise . DenlsoKiirs^A F
SrL""w MI H D " nnl "5- MIss^Floren*. Hatch!
Mrs. W. H. L. Hyne*. Mrs. Edwint i
Hyne,. Mrs. Edward L. Hughes Mlw AlnVa
Severing. Miss Alva Shay. MIm Helen Nri
pon. Miss Carrie Miller. Miss Alice v-U/fn
Miss Julia Bummers. Mm. Harry A Meiv^S*
Mif,s Beulah Summer.. Miw Est7ll,- K K a °
?» hal - T h * odor * w *«Pnal. Mrs. Genrce
WU*. Mr*. Harry O. Williams. Miss AnSe
Young and Miss Florence Ziegenfuw -
A "colonial luncheon." with real colonial
dishes and pre»lded orer by a dainty hostess
In real colonial costume, was the unique en
tertainment provided br Mrs. William ' H
High this afternoon In honor of Mrs. Guy
Barhara of Los Angelea. The china used
dates back a century or more, and the ' vert-.
Itccanirg '.zcko ~ worn - bj . Mti, High wag ' once-' :
OAKLAND. Jan. 20. — Responding to
a request from Mayor Warren Olney,
Theodore Gier. president of the Mer
chants' Exchange, has investigated the
results from oiling roads in Napa
County. , 'dent Gier declares that
the process HS a failure r on macada^
and will be abandoned on that ma
terial. Gier said the rain caused dis
ihtearration of the macadam, gnd the
oil made the street/" in Xapa City al
tnost impaersable. On roads. in clayey
SHiil. Gier reported that the oiling was
a failure, but on sandy or gravelly sur
faces the oil binds and results are sat
isfactory.
Mayor Olney is interested in the
•ubject witll relation to. possible use of
Oil on the macadamized streets ¦ of
Oakland.
M»kc« Keimrt on Oiled Roads.
When the panels were completed the
question of mounting them upon the
walls became' a most important one. It
was repeatedly, said that It would be
impossible to , mount the decorations
because of thelr*size and the material
upon which they were painted. The
"Library Trustees , turned this difficult
work over to John M. Morrison and
David : Lawler, artists, of San ; Fran
cisco, and they, with the aid, of the
brother and the sister of Mrs.' Pope,
have succeeded In doing what many
said was Impossible. . The <palntlngs
have been mounted upon the, walls and
have been surrounded with moldings,
that ; give . the appearance of frames,
and when Mrs. Pope returns from Ari
zona* where she Is 'at presentvWith her
husband.'^w ho;. is : ill/*, the , final touches
will be' put!upcmIthelTvorlc >
- , The' people "of:, Oakland, have much to
thank | Mrs. V Pope ? fori; riot only because
of ;the pictures that hivo^ been\present
ed, but ; because ."they.wlll; by her efforts,
be able to start. thwart collection which
theyl have b^en (dlscussine. 'for so long.
.The jfplcttires- were donated absolutely!
<even> the; canvas and colors being sup
plied by" the artist
MOUNTING DIFFICULT.
_ There is but one portrait among all
of the figures, and that is of tthe late
Professor Joseph Le Conte as "Science"
in one'of.;the side panels.
v The magnitude of this work can be
estimated from the fact that all of the
figures are life size and that Miss Hol
den had to work upon the canvas from
a ladder. She. was- confronted; with
many difficulties^ that she. had todver
come by her own work. This style of
mural decoration was new upon the
Pacific Coast, and Miss Holden found
it impossible to get the materials neces
sary, for the task. She was compelled
to prepare with her own hands the can
vag;upon which she did her work. The
colors had to be prepared specially, and
were ground with beeswax to give them
the dun shade that was required.
Miss Holden carried out an" idea in
these pictures that was entirely orig
inal with her. She determined to depict
a California Mount Olympus, v with alle
gorical figures representing , the arts
and sciences, but everywhere there was
the California landscape. In the back
ground of the central picture is Mount
Tamalpais as the California,;*"Mount
Olympus, while the general California
landscape and scenery is followed very
carefully. * ,.
X>AKIiAND, Jan. The first move
toward the consummation of a long
cherished plan of the Oakland Free Li
brary Trustees has just been/com
pleted by the installation in the ; nevv
Carnegie Free Library of three* large
panels over the stairway leading to the
second -story;- ( of the building. -These
paneis'are the giftjdf Mrs. Marion'Hol
aenTope of San Francisco, whose work
they are. They are said by art critics
to ;be,.amon&»the. finest pieces of art
work that havie been produced by local
artists., and they are very highly prized
by 'the Library ' Trustees of Oakland.
The pictures will form the nucleus of
ah art collection for the public of Oak
land that will" be stored in the new
building and to which the trustees hope
to add from time to time pictnres that
will ba of interest, not alone, for their
artistic worth, but also for the fact
that they are the work of California
artists.
Over the main stairway there were
three large vacant spaces. These could
have been filled with frescoes,'But Miss
Marion Holden of San Francisco, who
is now Mrs. Marion Pope, volunteered
to paint three panels upon cariyas that
could be utilized for these spaces! Mrs.
Pope has wojrked for nearly two" years
upon this work, which is now" almost in
place in the new building.
AX ORIGINAL IDEA.
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
The handicap tennis tournament was won by
Claude A. Wayne of the freshman class, who
finished first out cf. twenty-six entries. He
played the final match against Charles Mc-
Duffie,' defeating him by the scare S-3. tt-1, tt-2.
Professor Carl C. Plehn of the economics de
partment thinks it likely that the American
Economic and Historical Association will met:
in Berkeley next year. If it is not next year
it will be within the next four years. Pro
fessor Plehn attended the recent annual meet
ing cf the association at New Orleans, where
he received assurances frcro the directors that
California would be considered in the selection
of the plaCf fcr the next meeting.
Thf Students" Congress will discuss the fol
lowing question on Tuesday. February 2. iix
Stiles Hall: Reserved, that the system of
groups yancl prescribed studies in the colleges
of general culture In the University of Cali
fornia Is not desirable." The afftmative will
be presented by S. H. Beach '05, A. B. Toung
'07, E. K. Safford '04, and the negative by
Fred lilanchard 'tH. T. II. Buckingham '07 and
J. D. Turner 'CC. , . ¦* . •-
Dr. Albert Shaw, editor of the Review of Re
views and one of the most distinguished pub
licists in America, hau accepted President
Wh-eier's invitation to deliver the first annual
Barbara Weinstock lecture on "The Morals cf
Trade." The lecture will be given in, Feb
ruary. "* .
The cast cf characters tor "The Jealous
Wife,'- which is to be presented on women'i
day at the Macdonough Theater, has been se
lected. The part of Mrs. Oakley, the Jealoua'
wife, will be sustained by Mins Edouarda
Howard. The other characters will be pre
sented by Emil Kruschkt. _Ausustus C Keane,
Frank tii!l«len. Mi's TalulUh l*e Cc-nte. How*ra
Merrill. Mark Danielle Miss Ann Thatcher.
Walter de L«on. Edwin Rusk and E. A. Lowe.
Professor Charles Mills Gayley. will write a pro
logue.
Representatives of tn« Women's Basket-ball
League will meet in Berkeley on next Sat
urday. The most important matter to be taken
is that of a set or proposed rules designed to
establish the same on a firmer basis among
the college women of the Pacific Coast. Tbere
will be representatives from Stanford. Nevada
and California universities and Mills College.
BERKELEY. Jan. 20.— George R. Tarkin.
commlssio;.er for the trustees under the Rhodes
scholarship trust, who visited the United States
a year ago and organized the committees crt
selection in the various States, has Just re
turned to London from a tour of the Southern
Hemisphere, made on a similar mission. He
visited in particular South Africa and Aus
tralia. In March he will visit the West Indies
and some of the outlying colonies and will re
turn to the United States about April or May,
with a view tuward definitely. Bettlingr the se
lecting or the scholars under the Rhodes schol
arship trust Th<? trustees are now ensauM in
a final consideration of the plans and subjects
to be used in determining the selection.
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
If the City Council decides to take
favorable action upon the recommen
dation of its' special committee to lease
the Centra Costa Water Company's
plant for twenty years, with option of
purchase, the city is relieved of the
necessity at this time, or for several
years to come., of voting a large- bond
issue to secure a municipal water sup
ply. During the many months of de
liberation in the committee this ele
ment is said to have been given much
In view of the fact that
a very extensive system of public im
provements is contemplated under a
large bond issue.
Members of th« City Council who
have given the subject much thought
took the view that the great purpose
to be accomplished, namely, the ac
quiring of a municipal water supply,
could be realized under the leasing plan
and the way cleared for bonding the
city for other Important public Im
provements without reaching" into Vk'e
15 per cent litnit that hedges the city
by statutory enactment. . > :. .
This. is one of the arguments that
the corqnjlttee in fts, report; has la'd
stress upon >as affecting the financial
Tiew of the- proposed- leasing. -,
The report is before the public and
cannot receive ,fina4 , attention at the
hands -of- the <^it>v Council until the
_agcond [proposition. Jf-Xom the Bay Cities
"Water Company has been received. Th»
.Council has' asked the company to sub
;znft~lts new proposal.
; Meanwhile the City Council purposes
to pitted with the work on the gen
'eral improvements projects. The spe
"c;'al committee has announced that it
Ts.111 submit fts report on these sub
'Jects at the Council meeting next Mon
day night. The va^t amount erf time
"and of labor which were given to the
water fupply matter made It;Impos
sible to clean up the Improvements re
' port sorrner? ' •' ' • "* .'
\i The Councilman are hopeful 1 that the
entire subject of water supply and of
JpttbllC Improvements bond? will beset,-.
!-t!ed by spring. During the year there
has been an exhaustive investigation
conducted by the members of the
Cc-uncll. both in committee and indi
',vidual!y. oa the plans.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Jan.' 20.
Councilman Cuvellier Is hopeful
that other main thoroughfares
through the western section of the
city will shortly be beautified. Ten
tative plans are in hand for develop
ment later daring. the year. *$$%£
In the proposed bond projecf short
ly to be submitted Is an item, covering
the purchase of the old De Fremery
property, a beautifully wooded in
closure between Adeline and Poplar
streets. Sixteenth and Eighteenth
streets, for a public park. This is
on the line of the palm drive from the
railroad station.
In line with the trend of public
improvements -is the children's play
gvound shortly to be "constructed , oiv
reclaimed portions of the old" West
Oakland marsh. This project, fos
tered by the Aloha Club and handled
by Councilman B. H. Pendleton, is
only one of an extensive improvement
schcm« for that section of the city. •, '¦
To West Oakland belongs the honor
of being the first district in the city
where the actual work of beautifying
the thoroughfares has been com
menced.
Work on a palm-lined driveway
through Sixteenth street from, the
Southern Pacific station at the west
ern terminus to Market street has
been started. . Councilman B. . C.
Cuvelller's original plan to plant the
ornamental palms on Sixteenth and
Seventeenth streets east to Peralta
street has been broadened to cary the
Sixteenth street work many blocks to
ward the center of the city.
The enlargement upon the Initial
scheme has been accomplished
through the courtesy of. the Realty
Syndicate, which ha« Increased its
first gift of palms In number sufficient
to cover the larger plan.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
•1118 Broadway, Jan. 20,
Owen Is manager for an automobile
concern at 324 Post street in San Fran
cisco.
Defeated in their effort to marry last
week by the breaking down of their
automobile and the hot pursuit of rel
atives. Eugene J. Owen of San Fran
cisco and Anna 'Helfstein of Chicago
made a flying trip to this city this
afternoon and were married by Rev.
William Carson Shaw in East Oakland.
The bride is a beautiful girl, nineteen
years of age, and is here on a visit to
her sister and her brother-in-la^,
Henry Stanfleld, who owns one of the
largest strings of horses at present
running at the local track.
While securing his marriage license
at the County Clerk's office Owen stated
that they had made an attempt to have
the ceremony performed last week and
made a run for San Mateo in an auto
mobile, but the machine broke down
and .before they reached there Miss
h elfstein's relatives were waiting their
arrival and made such strenuous ob
jection that they Vece separated. Close
watch has been kept on the girl ever
since, but the Stanfields went to the
races this afternoon and Owen received
a telephone message from Miss Helf
stein to go to Oakland, secure the
license and meet her at the Fourteenth
street station when the 3:15 train from
San Francisco arrived. The programme
went through without. a hitch, and, ac
companied by a girl friend. Miss Helf
stein alighted from the train and the
trio immediately took a carriage to go
to the minister's house. .
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
I 1118 Broadway, Jan. 20.
Peter and Amanda Schrensen to, Andrew.
Walter.' Patrick and John J. KitnreraM. lei on
SE line of Mitchell street. 50 SW,- of East
Twenty-first. SW 50 by SE 100. -ponton ot let
3S. GhirardPll*. Tract, near Fruitvale,. Brooklyn
Township; $10. • '
' Heiene V.'leger to Christian H. Beorln*. lot
on S line, of Jones avenue. 100 B of Cherry
street.- "E 5O by S 125. l«t 14. block 20, Warner
Tract. Brooklyn Township: $10.;' ¦ " .; ?
John J. an.i Katie Murray Limts "and
Katie Twninet. lot en E line of Center «tr**f..
79.50 N of W« TMrteemh. N 23 by E tO&St.
S 23.' N ICa 25. lot 4. block R79, ta.•^^ of Base
hall Ground*. Fourteenth and Tenter streets.
Oakfand^lO. f^SS.
Thomas F. Mahoney to L.ITl> M.ilon-T (sis
ter, single), all Interest which first 'partr to*
has or-msy acquire as heir at law of Bridget
and M. W. Maloney (both dec4a9*t1>^1n lot on
W lfn« of Campbell street, lift fl of West Thir
teenth. S 25 bv W 115. lot 8. block 1. j>lat
Tract SS3. Oakland: also all interest In all
personal property of said estates. Oakland:
gift. :
Catherine E. Merritt tr» Masonic Cath-rfral
Association, lot on SW corner 4^f Fourteenth
and Harrison streets. S 100 by Vf 50. being
E 50 feet of lcrts 13 to IS. inclusive, block 193.
KelKrsberger's map. Oakland: $10. - *±
Airtta 3. Blake and Anson S.. Slake (and aa
attorney) to Kate F. Campbell (sin*!*), lot on
S line of Twenty-second street. 50u.W of West
W 25 -by S »>:4. block O. map~iCiixtls & Wnl
Ham* Tract. Oakland: $10. \.:Z~, -
Frederick P. and Clara L. Belcbef to G* 1^.
Belcher, lot 5 and E. half of let. 4» -.block *57(»
(75 on West Fourteenth street hT,'livn , O n
Myrtle). Oakland: a'so lot on 9T Uric of * West
Fourteenth street. 100 W of Myrtles 9 114 «
by E 2S. being W half of lot 4. "block S70.
.Oakland; also lot on f»W line of West Four
teenth street. 100 W of Myrtle, S Ifl-rt hi W
25. block JV7(V BOardmaa'H-map. -fJa^rami-^lO
. Gertran Savings snd I^ran Society to Hen
rietta B. West (wife of Wilbur S.X lot on W
llrte of Valley street. 24 ?f,of Locust. N T0ai7
by.W 77. Oakland: also right of way and per
petual right to use as an alleyway a strip on
N line of Locust street. 77 . W of Valley * W
i? : *^ b 7. N 132 - «h-. whole being* portion of
Mock II.- map Pacific Homestead Association.
Oakland; 110.
Emma L. and A. G. Schweickhardt to PWllp
F. C. Hlehl. lota 5 and 6. " In subdivision P.
Fruitvaie.Teririinal Tract. Brooklyn Township:
$10. > . ., ,.-
Frank I>. Harris to Miry Harrts. lot on M
line of Park avenue. 11.1 W of Hnllla streat. W
50 by N 125. portion, of plat B. Kellersberger'a
map of Ranches V. and D. Peralta. Emeryville.
Oakland Townihlp (first party especially' relln
auishra all right, etc.." in same as ecmrauaity
property or homestead), nultclalm deed; $10.
L. H. and IJlz'.e Bly to A. C. Jamea (wid
ower), lot on N line of Haste street, 19© E of
Bowiitch. E 43 by N l."~%. being E 2."» feet of
Ict-S and-W ?O feet of 'lot. 9;" map- of "Shafter
property, etc.. Berkeley; $10. .
Lester C. Richmond to Edna Richmond, lot
on N Una of William street. 10O W of Tele
graph avenue. W 10O by N 89:8, Oakland
gift. .
Mary Dlck^on (widow), and Laura A. Hru
banik (widow) to Clara T. Hessman. lot 11.
block P. resubdlvlsion of HaUht Tract. A!a
meda; $1'>. , - ., . .
Jiw r>- Hannah (slncle> to Ella Mayle. lot
on NW line of Short street. ISO SW of AI!en
dale avenue. SW 75 by NW ICO. lots 11 to 13.
block 10. map AJlendate Tract. Brooklyn
Township: $10.
v Henry Dahl Jr.. Hattle Usinger (Dahn, tll
lian A. Seymour fEmella Pahl, Lllltan Collins,
wife of H. E. Seymour) and Maria or Maria
A. Sandkamp to August Cotlenbunr. lot 'be
ginning at point on N line of street known as
Taylor place or Palace court. 292 feet J.I
Inches W r.fy Third avenue ' (Sixth),' Vf
4S:S 2-10 by N 10«:3. lot 24. map land» Tro
tonia Park and Homestead Association. Alrv
meda: $10. »
Clark Bltthen to Contella A. Blet&en (daugh
ter), lot on W line of Schiller street. 13H Jf
of Santa Clara avenoe. N 61. ~W 108. S 5O. B
2. 9 14, E i(in to beslnntng. Alameda; grtt.
Irene E. McCraeken to Orrln C. JTeCraeken
(husband), lot on S line of Bancroft way, ISO
W of Audubon street. W 53 by 8 130, portion
lot R, block 0. College Homestead Tract. Berke
ley: gift.
Elizabeth Rotbermel (single) to TX O. Hay.
'of on N line of Stuart street 74.39 W of
Adeline. W 4O by N 120.63. lot 1*. block 19.
map Xo. 3. Fhatturk Tract. Berkeley: $10.
Marie Krucpr (widow) to William Taylor
Grubb. lot en SE line of Mitchell street. 130
SW of Saiinders. SW 50. SE 140 to point in
center of Sausal Creek, thence up creek alone
center of same to it* intersection with lin<»
parallel with and ISO SW from naid Una ot
Saunders street. NW 132 to beginning. Brook
lyn T<Twnshlp: $IO.
Kdwin W. and Xelly C. N'eweomb to David
B. and Emily H. I-ewis. lot on SW line of East
Twenty-third street 425 SE of Twenty-first
avenne. SR 5O by SW 14O. lota IS. 19. blocle
74. map Northern Addition to Brooklyn, East
Oakland: $1».
Marie P. Cutler (widow} to Marls J. Ersklne
(widow), lot en SW corner of Duncan ani
Spring streets. W l<30 by S 100. portion plai I.
map Cameron Tract. Brooklyn. East Oakland:
$10.
Nel» ' I. J. H>rby to Gretchen Herby. ' lot en
N lfn e of *A street. 54 W of Ht tie. W K hr
N lOu. telng.AV 4 feet of subdivision Band E
23 feet of subdivision C of lot 12. block 793.
Watts Tract. Oakland: $1<V' • *
Jr.nathan W. and Martha Bagby to Ernma
C. Gray, lot en N'E line of East Twer.ty-third
street. ICO" NW of Ninth aventre.' N\%* 6>"» by
NE 130. double block 14*. Clinton. East Oak
land; ??00O.
II. H. and Mary E. Buhrlng <wlf«> to Oeorga
T>. Hutchlnson. let on N line of Hast* str-et.
SO W of Ellsworth. V." 33 by N ~O, portion of
let 5. block 4. property of College Homestead
A'arodaticn. Berkeley; $10.
Dorothea M. C. Niesen- (admiaUtratrlx es
tate of Theoicr Meets) to Bernardine Reicfcllnff.
lot on S line of Halgrht avenue. 2S3: 10*^ W of
Seventh street, S 103:0 By W 33, ALameda;
51700.
Patrick and Mary E. Q'Bryan (wife) ts
Frank and Janne M. Amlot (wlf»). lot on SE
corner of Ellsworth and Oregon 8tr*et», E
127:6 by S 4*:li». lot 13. block' H. Leonard
Tract. Berkeley: $10.
R. A. and Klrrence E. Berry (wl*e) to J. X>.
Pasmor?. lot IB. block E. property of Berkeley
Homestead AsscctatJon. Berkeley; $10.
Robert W. Andrews to Robert 9. Andrews.
relimjuishrnent of life estate reserved und<»j*
de<><l fxcm Robert W. Andrews et ux.. Novem
ber 23. l.«O6. of lot* 21 and 22. block 113. Tract
B. Berkeley Land and Town Improvement As
sociation. Berkeley; $1.
Frederick K-tzenbach (single) to C. D. Vin
cent, lot on XE line of East Twenty-eisMh
*tre»t. 125 SE of Nineteenth avenue. SE 63 by
NE 140. lots 4S. 4» and portions of 47 and 50,
block 37. map N-->rthern> Addition to Brooklyn.
East Oakland; $10.
August and Altnd* \Vald4bzn«i«r t9 th«
Southern Pacific. Company (corporation). lot
on 8 l!n e of W Third street. 87 :<3 W of Cy
presv. W 37:8 1 I 1CS. lot » and W % of lot
10, block 490, map of vcbdlvliica of block
430. Board man 1 * map, Oakland; $100.
Emilia A. (cr Emily A.) Cove to •*»•. lot
on SW corner cf Shattuck avenae and Or»sea
street. VT 120 by S 83.83. loU « and f. bloc*
23. map Now 6 or Shattuck Tract. B«rk«lty;
S1CO.
Joaqnln A. and Marians* Cnnfca to A.-.r.*
PereJra (wif« of Jo«« L.). lot en 8 lisa of
Estabrook »tre«t. ICO E of Clark*. E T3, 8
119.22, W 75. » 119.40. lot 1C8 and W H of
lot 107. Hesiaoe Tract. San Leaadro, «•»
Tcwrihlp: $10. - , _
E. A. Hainea to Ro»a if. Bfcattueic USX
W. Havens. lot on E line- of Broadway. 12.*
8 <rf First »tre*t. E ICO by 8 60. block 204.
quitclaim de«d. Oakland: SI. . «_ „
Allca H. Cornwall (singla) to BlaacSs I.
Ferry <»lngl«). lot on E lln« of W«b»t«r »«•?*•
73 S of Third. S 23 by E 73.. lot 3. block 18.
Kellersberyer's nap. Oakland; $10,
Continental BulMla* as4 Loaa Anaeiat'.aa
to Harriet E. Turnbull fiingfl*). lot on .9™_»'--»
of Rose avenue. «C0 SE of Piedmont. S3 40
by SW 100. lot 13. map- Keller* a Rom Park.
Oakland; $10. . , ,
Michael White to Jo»« «• Fr«lta» (marr'.sd).
lot on E line of Orove street. 223 3 of Tw.sty
-iKhth ?extended E>, 8 25 by E 44. lot 11.
block 2023. map No. 2. WhUcher Tract. Oak
land; $10. ;- -;.*; .
Edward and Catherine Stoke* (wife) to
Miyuei A. Sllveira, lot on W line cf Haven
street. 400 N of B street. N* SO by W 123. por
tion of subdivision B of lot 9. block 801. map
Xo. 2 of Watts Tract. Oakland: $3.
W. H. an4 Emily Lobb (wlfa) to John C.
Nunea (slnuIeV lot 1» and E 12:« of lot 19.
block 3 map resabdlvSal-<n. of block* 4- and 5.
Clinton. East Oakland; $10.
William Ogston (single) to Blanche L Ferry
(single), lot on N'E line of E Twelfth street.
123 SE of Fifteenth avenue. SE 23 by IvE 1*0.
lot «i. block 1$. San Antonio. East Oakland; $10.
John H. Manrow to -William Manrerw. lot
on the N line of Seventh »tre*t. 80:7*4 E of
Cedar. E 23 by X 10O:4'i. lot 15. Wock 37.
m«p of land on Oakland Point (Ballrcad F«rry
Landing), tract 406. Oakland: $10.
Alameda County-
REAIi ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Committee Thinks the Scheme
Gives Leeway for General
Public Improvement Project
Projects in Hand Contemplate
I Additional Beautif ying of
'Western Portion of the City
Bride Is From Chicago and Is
Sister-in-Law of Henry Stan
field, alVell-Known Horseman
RELIEVES MUCH PRESSURE
IMPROVEMENTS PROGRESS
WED LATER IX OAKLAND
Sixteenth Street From Track
to Market Street to Be Bor
dered With Tropical Foliage
Eelatives Overtake E. Owen
and Anna Helfstein AVhile
Making: Dash for Hateo
Lease Plan for Acquiring a
Municipal Water Supply Ob
viates Necessity of a Debt
WILL NOT HAVE
TO BOND CITY
MORE PALMS
FOR ROADWAY
BREAKING AUTO
STAYS ELOPERS
' THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,' THURSDAY;; JANUARY 21, 190*.
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
Are Gift of Mrs. Marion Holden Pope of San Francisco, Who Produced Them,
and Are Said by Critics to Be of High Artistic Merit— Trustees Happy
* at First Step Toward the Consummation of Long Cherished Plan
THREE LARGE PANELS ARE PLACED
OVER GARNEGIE LIBRARY STAIRWAY
6
I NEW ADVEETISEMENT&
TO CUEE DAHDBT/rP.
It I* zrecess&ry That the Basdrnff Germ
Ee Eradicated.
"Destroy the cause, you remove the
effect." Kill the perm that causes dan-
druff, falling hair and baldness, you will
have no more dandruff and your hair
must grow luxuriantly. Herplcide not
only contains the dandruff perm destroy-
er, but it is alao a most delightful hair
dressing for regular toilet use. No other
hair preparation is on this. scientific ta-
ds of destroying the dandruff gcrrn.^rnd
none other claims to be, for the simple
reason that it is only recently that s. de-
stroyer of the perm has been discovered
— Nfwbro's H*rpleirie. the only hair prep-
aration that actually kills dandruff. Sold
by leading druggists. Send 10c in stamps
for sample to The Herpicide Co.. Detroit.
Mich.
FREE DENTAL CLINIC
FOR THEPGOR.
Open Sundays. and_ evenings. Teeth
extracted; free.*"/* faduates of den-
tistry. Small charge* for material only.
POST-GRADUATE DENTAL COLLEGE
San Prfijj cisco— 3 Taylor Street.
Oe k Ian d— 073 WMbinrton . Street.
C *J3 J ens — 4 5 Sut Bant* Clara Street. •
S«cram«BtowW7 jjnxii*tZtL>*J\
BRAXCn OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALA3IEDA COUNTY
OAKLAND. v '
HIS Broadway.
Telephone 3Xaln 10«3.
BERKELEY.
2148 Center Street.
Telephone North 77.
ALAMEDA.
1435 Park Street.
Telephone Eagle 503.DENVER. Jan. 20.-Judge Moses Hal
lett in the United States District Court
to-day, after consideration of the Sher
man Parker habeas corpus suit against
the military authorities of Colorado,
announced that his court was without
jurisdiction in the case. Parker is a
union miner of Cripple Creek who Is
held in th* military bullpen without
warrant. In his opinion Judge Hallett
says:" m -V;V :
Is considerably • lees in '¦ the 'United States- than
it is abroad, while the quality Is equal to
the best that is mad« anywhere. The armor
for all ships authorized to date hat been con
tracted for. . 1 . /
ROSEBURG. dr., Jan. 20.— While
Judge J. G. Fullerton was returning
home after attending court last night
he was held up:toy. a highwayman* on.'
the Umpqua River bridge: within one j
block of hi3 residence. -When ordered
to hand over his the Judge i
did so," delivering'all the cash.he had.
? 1 50, • a' pocket knife and • a • bunch of \
key's.. to the robber. v The man who
has'.'sentenced . many robbers, to the
penitentiary told; the road agent" who
he - was, whereupon; the ¦ thug replied
that, he was glad to get even with a
Judge and . expressed % a. desire to 1 blow'
off- Fullertori's' head.* 1 He made the
Judge walk ahead of, him to the end
of the bridge and then ordered him . to
run a block. The Judge sprinted.
Special Diipatch to The Call.
SONORA, Jan. 20.— fhe, second trial
of Marie E. Jones for the alleged mur
der of her. husband. Hugh E. Jones,
has commenced, in the Superior Court.
The jury In the first trial disagreed.
The crime -with which the woman i3
charged was committed o ( n October 4
last, near! the mining camp of Soulsby
ville, eight miles .east- of 'this city.
';. Neighbors wer/ attracted to the Jones
residence by hearing tne,-report of a
gun and observing smoke issuing from
the porch. They' hurried to the place
and found ; the ¦ lifeless and partly
dressea ; body {of Jones lying orr the
porch with his. heart torn to pieces by
a charge of bird' shot.
-The" evidence against the defendant
is of a circumstantial character. The
theory, of "the defense Is suicide. The
case is. attracting considerable atten
tion, as the defendant is the first wo
man to be tried for a capital offense in
the history, of the county. • •
Expresses a Desire to Blow
On* Victim's Head; When Lat
ter Discloses His Identity
Testator Declares That He Is
Confident That Two Sons
Will Be Properly Cared For
Conrt Says Colorado Is to Be
Congratulated on- Having an
Executive Who Is Fearless
Theory' Advanced by Defense
Is That the Alleged Victim
Shot Himself Through Heart
THlfo MAKES HIS ESCAPE
DENIES SHE IS GUILTY
PEABODY IS DEPENDANT
DOCUMENT VERY BRIEF
Holds . Up Judge . Fttlierton on
Umpqua River Bridge and Re
• 'lieves Him oi His Valuables
'Judge Hallett Declares That
He Has No Jurisdiction in
Parker Habeas Corpus Srfit
Late St. Louisan* Bequeaths
His Holdings to His 3Iother
and His Faithful ".' Wife
Second Trial of . Mrs: 3Iarie E.
Jones, Charged With Murder
;of Husband, Begins at Sbnora
UPHOLDS ACTS
OF GOVERNOR
WILL OF BLAIR
MADE PUBLIC
ACCUSED WIFE
FACES A JURY
FOOTPAD ROBS
OREGON JURIST
Mrs. Annie Waeber,. who w-as. acci
dently burned by, the upsetting: of- a
coal oil stove. at her residence, 1124 Du
pont street, on Tuesday night, died at
the Emergency Hospital, yesterday
morning. . The body was removed to
the Morgue- , •
Died of Her Injuries.
Nicholas Harvey, who says he is a
theatrical man, was arrested yester
day and charged with felony embezzle
ment. The complaining witness is T.
K. Petty, who says that he gave Har
vey 5150 for a position with a theatrical
company. Petty says the company
broke up and Harvey refused to re
fund the money.
Accused of Felony Embezzlement.
Edward Metson, 43 -Brosnan street,
and Raymond Bryan, 85 Brosnan street,
while coasting down a hill on Guerrero
street yesterday afternoon ran into aji
express wagon. .Both were thrown vio
lently to the ground. At the Railroad
Hospital it was discovered that Met-
Eon was suffering from a possible frac
ture of the skull. Bryan was badly
bruised about the head.
Boys Hurt While Coasting:.
Guests who have been Invited to
meet Governor Taft on his arrival here
will go on board the transport Sheri
dan on Friday evening to await the ar
rival of the Korea, which is due on
Saturday. As soon, as the Korea ar
rives the guests will be taken in the
revenue cutter Golden Gate to the Ko
rea to receive the distinguished ar
rival.
The invited guests are: Mrs. Taft,
mother of the Governor; Mrs. Ed
wards, his sister; Customs Collector
'Stratton, Special Deputy William B.
Hamilton, Major Devol, Captain
Chamberlain, Colonel West, Colonel
Andrews, Professor Bernard Moses,
Hev. C. R. Brown. Colonel George II.
Pippy. E. S. Pillsbury and United
States Circuit Judge W. W. Morrow.
Governor Taffs Reception.
Mrs. Pettie. president of the Society
for the Prevention of Vice, was given a
tongue-lashing in the corridors of the
Hall of Justice" yesterday by a woman
named Mrs. Erickson. Mrs. Pettie had
caused the arrest of Mrs. Erickson and
her husband on the charge of neglecting
four minor children. When the family
came into Judge Mogan's court the
husband was promptly dismissed, but
for some unknown reason the wife was
held. There was absolutely no evi
dence that the children had been neg
lected. In the courtroom the children*
•nppeared clean and well fed and both
the father and mother testified that
every care was given to the young ones.
Both of the parents appeared to be
respectable. The policeman on the beat
Jn front of their home testified that the
< hildrcn were as v.ell cared for as any
ethers in the neighborhood.
When Mrs. Ericksoh encountered Mrs.
Pettie in the corridor the vials of an
outraged mother poured forth. Bailiff
Mahoney was present, fortunately, and
prevented a hair-pulling match. The
Gertie Herth and Hattie Green, two
fashionably attired young women, were
arrested last night by Patrolmen M.
Brady and F. F. Flood, upon complaint
of Henry Mac Vine, proprietor of the
Chicago Tailoring Company, 113 Grant
avenue, who alleges that they attempt
ed to purloin a fur collarette^alued at
$20. Miss Herth's name was entered on
the detinue book pending further in
vestigation, and Miss Green was
charged with petty larceny, subse
quently securing her release upon the
deposit of $200 cash bail. MacVine
states that the two women came into
his store and asked to be shown sev
eral fur garments. The Green woman
carrjed a valise, and MacVine avers
that their actions were suspicious.
While the attention of the saleswoman
was attracted to another portion of the
establishment it is alleged that one of
the women placed the fur in the v ilise.
MacVine noticed that the collarette was
missing and notified the officers. In
the grip was found the missing prop
erty and the arrests followed. Both of
the young women deny the charge, and
Miss Green states that she was in
specting the fur when arrested, and
that it was not found in the satchel.
They reside in apartments at 14 McAl
lister street.
Gertie Hertli and Hattie Green Are
Accused of Larceny by Grant
Avenue Merchant.
YOUNG WOMEN MUST FACE
CHARGE OF ' SHOPLIFTING
T. I.assada. P. Tongelchi, S. Kalyma,
P. Probi*ki. T. Isakos, S. Tahata, U.
PhiriFhiki and T. Okio were defendants
in Judge Mogan's court. The puzzle is
to aruess what a bunch with a bundle
of names like that were arrested for.
The answer is "for disturbing the
peace." According to the police officers
who put th<» men in custody these eight
Japanese are in the habit of mingling
their bristling names with copious liba
tions of beer from a saloon in the vicin
ity of their domicile at 414 Stevenson
sljeet. That kind of a combination
v.ould cause a war among Quakers.
The neighborhood thereabout for two
blocks has been disturbed nightly by
th> orgies of the exuberant Japs until
police interference was the only rem
edy.
The defendants stated to Judge Mo
can yesterday that on the night of their
arrests they were holding "a feast."
On other occasions cited by the police
men when high wassail was held and
:he neighbors lay awake in fear from
the noise, the defendants said it was
merely "a celebration."
"What would the city do if these
Japs had a Fourth of July on their
calendar?" said Judge Mogan, and
"paled at the possibilities. He found
the bunch guilty and will sentence
them to-morrow.
Vincent Le Corvee, the sailor whom
the French Consul wishes turned over
to his custody for deportation to
France, was formally held by Judge
Mogan yesterday on the charge of mur
der. His arrival in the land of his na
tivity will be deferred for such time as
the courts of the United States may
determine, despite the cry of his fath
erland for his presence.
Frank Harris was convicted of petty
larceny yesterday by Judge Mogan.
His conviction was the result oLaquick
question by the Judge, which disclosed
the speciousness of his plea of inno
cence. He was accused of stealing a
banjo from the Bekin Van and Stor
age Company- and several employes
testified to seeing the defendant emerge
from the warerooms on Howard street
with a package. Harris denied on his
direct examination that he had any
kind of a bundle when he left the
premises. When the Judge took him in
hand he asked: "Did the package you
had when you left the warehouse re
semble this banjo and case In any
way?" r
; "No, sir," said the witness. "The
bundle was entirely different in ap
pearance." '"Evidently you are guilty,"
said the Judge, and Harris was
promptly convicted.
1 consider the present situation with regard
to armor \-ery satisfactory. The cost of armor
I can say without any reservation that since
June 1, ISO", there has bfcen no collusion or
understanding with the bidder*. as to the price
to be bid. nor has there been . any . previous
understanding as to how mueN armor would
be awarded to any . bidder. , .When tb.e bids
were alike and confined to twij, bidders it has
been the general practice to dfvliie the award
equally b»tw««i them, not on Account of any
agreement to do to. but because by dolncr so
more prompt deliveries would pe insured, and
because the requirements of tjie Government
demand the maximum output of the only two.
concern*. . ¦ , , ' ¦
WASHINGTON, Jan. 2O.-Replying to
the m question of the House Committee
o:i Naval Affairs as to whether there
ifc a preliminary understanding con
cerning the price between the Navy
Department and the steel companies oh
manufacturing' armor^^for the Govern
ment. Rear Admiral O'Nell has trans
mitted to the committee a." review -of
the entire period in whicn. the Govern
ment has . had armor njanufactured.
He says that it is impossible to state
whether , there was ; an understanding
between Secretary Tracy nnd the-Car
negie company regarding fche first con
tract for armor. As to hid own knowl
edge of such matters the admiral says:
Oscar Gardner, who is not the
"Omaha Wonder" famed in pugilistic
song and story, is mitigating by de
gree in Judge Mogan's court a' charge
of petty larceny. He is charged with
passing a $10 Confederate note on a
restaurant keeper named Philip George
z-l 127 Seventh street hi payment for
some oysters and receiving the change.
He" is a laborer at Murray's machine
shops and h!s employer was in court
yesterday to repay the missing money.
Gardner clings to the theory that he
received the bogus bill at the Bohemian
Cafe on Jilaiket street. When Judge
Mogan heard tbl« he went into a
tranjp. '"I wonder," he mused, "which
one of those outlaws in- that establish
ment could have impoMd this bill on
an innnocent worJdnsman. Tony
Brunswick? Yes, no; yes, no." Finally
he purged the 3bh«mlan Cafe of the
crime and concluded that Gardner
passed the bill during a moment of al
coholic Incompelency.
As the young man is industrious, re
pentant and not the "Omaha Wonder"
and above all because he acquitted
Tony Brunswick of any complicity in
the matter, it is probable he will be al
lowed to settle the case with the res
taurant keeper and then be freed.
Naval Officer Declares Cost
of Steel in America \ Is
Less Than That Abroad
SAYS THE BIDS AftE FAIR
Judge Cor.Icn ¦went to the ropes and
Prosecutor Charles Weller took the
count when they tackled the case oi
Lu Him and Tuns Fat yesterday, who
were charged with having: violated the
came laws. The prisoners were ar
rested because they kept in a small
'•ape a half dozen birds commonly
known ss Asiatic quail. The birds flew
agair.st the wires and bumped their
head* 1 , and a merciful policeman ar
rested the keepers. It Is a provision
of the game laws that no quail shall
be kopt in captivity. %
But there tver« otner developments
cominpr. Professor Loomis, the orni
thologist from the Academy of Sciences,
went on the stand for the defense. He
said that the imprisoned birds were not
Quail at all; they were merely Coturnix
communis.
"What's that?" gasped Judge Conlan,
Prosecutor Weller and Clerk Jack Bice
in unison. The professor repeated the
name carefully and the official stenog
rapher fell under the table in his en
deavor to get the correct terms. But
thp worst was yet to come. |
Prosecutor "Weller stayed down for
seven seconds, but he came back fresh.
"'Professor," he said, "do not these
birds in evidence bear considerable re
fs^mblance to the quail of California,
for which we pay large prices at our
fashionable restaurants?"
'JfThere are no quail in California."
said the professor. "What is commonly
denominated quail in this State is mere
ly Ortyx Virgiana. with an occasional
specimen of Coturnix communi5."
At this point a woman in the back
of the courtroom fainted, and time was
called.
"The real auail," continued the pro
fessor, still fresh a.nd without a mark,
"belongs to the Dadylisonans and Is
eithei Orlygina or Odontophorina. Of
these there are none In America ex
cept as stuffed specimens."
Prosecutor Weller's second,- Clerk
Rice, threw the sponge into the ring.
Judge Conlan was so dazed that he
could not render a decision and in the
haze everybody lost sight of the fact
that it was only a case of two China
men accused of violating the game |a*w.
A decision will be rendered to-day.
mother was led away, tearful and in
dignant, and Mrs. Pettie went on her
way searching for other cases of alleged
neglect. .^
Bear Admiral O'Nei.U Defends
Navy Department in Inquiry
Concerning Arnio'r Prices
Eminent Ornithologist Says That Real Goods Do
Not Exist in This Section— Bunch of Jap Names
Becomes Mixed With Stevenson-Street Beer
NO COLLUSION
ON CONTRACTS
PROFESSOR LOOMIS DECLARES
CALIFORNIA QUAIL ARE BOGUS
THE .SAX' FRANCISCO CALL', . vTHURSDAV, JANUARY 21, 1901.
LONDON. Jan. CO.— H. F. Griersoi, for
merly of Chicago, III., rand Rochester. N. T..
who was commander of Grierson'* Horse in
South Africa during 18*1. was married to-day
to Mrs. Fltzyerald Creaeh, widow of Major
General Creagh.
NORFOLK.' .Va.. .Jan.". 20.— The plant of the
American .Fertilizer Company, situated at
Portsmouth, neir the navy-yard, was destroyed
by fire' to-day. -Two. persons are reported to
have lost theli: lives. . . v • - -
ST. LOUIS. Jan. 20.— The will of the
late James L. Blair, former general
counsel of the Louisiana Purchase Ex
position, who died in Eustis. Fla.. last
¦week, was filed for probate this after
noon. It is a very short document,
written in Blair's own hand on one side
of an ordinary page of typewriting
paper. The first clause provides for the
payment of funeral expenses and all
debts as speedily as possible. In the
second clause Blair bequeaths to .his
mother, Mrs. Frank P. Blair, a large
portrait of his father and all papers re
lating to the late General Blair, i
' In making a bequest of the residue
of the estate to his wife, Appolin M.
Blair, Blair refers to her as "my dar
ling wife," and leaves to her all the
rest of his estate, absolutely clear and
free of any restrictions, the will stating
that he has. perfect confidence that she
will properly care for F^rcy and Fran
cis, the two sons. .'>
The people r.f the £:ate art to be congratu
lated In having * Governor who will enforc*
the law. The court will not tnterfere with him
in the execution of hi* duties.
Judge Hallett cited a number of cases
in which, he said, this rule was set
forth. In conclusion Judge Hal'.rtt
says: . • ,
probability of violence, dlycrttion may he ex*r.
ctsed on the part of authotlties in holiiln* pris
oners without bail and holding thim In rnstuUy
until r^ascnahte investigation has been made.
The Governor, as executive of the State, is au
thorized anU required to enforce the law. and If
in doing so be finds It necessary to call out the
militia and use the powers or the Statp. h«
should do so. The matter of hew the Sta:«
should *nforce the law to not for the Federal
Government to state. The Supreme Court of
the United States has decided that when the
authorities of a State are engaged In the. execu
tion of th<j laws of the Slate the courts of tht
United States had no authority to set them
aside. _ . . • '
7
ADVERTISEMENTS.
W&M Drink
j Em* Glass 70
" &| ofthc P
] NaturaI ""I 1
I Water I
Weak Men aod Women
SHOl.-I.D UFE DAMIAKA BITTERS, THE
Great Mrxiran n*m*<l>; gi%*« health and
»u*Bi-Ui to ccxcsl orcan=. Iwiroir 023 linrket.
.Only 900 people in 1,000,000 die of old
age.-,; ' . . ' '¦" ' ¦ .
• ;.; ' ,. ..¦,;•'. *'": v .' 7 ' ¦' '" . '¦'¦ :> ' ;, '¦" ADVERTISEMENTS.
1 '/'<;% Sold 1903 §
I Proves tly^/'.'Biud^etser^ is I
9 Crownfefl ¦ ; Si'inn*prn^ in 9
Mm . , K vr y? £ ip^^a 4^/&4Lrl JL 1^^ Ail If
Sm$m ¦ ¦ S I B IB H nl H H A *» I 1 I h 1 1 H B «L/ .^*il II - " ! -C|
yeSB \\ Ok H^f m ftfft- JS JL £l H. m a. W w «Jr W «r H fl l I
B The largest sales of any brand of bottled beer. I
I Budweifter is a product of the I
1,410402,500 T Budwciscr ?1 18T5 to 1904 j
I This exceeds the cc mbined sales of all other bottled beers* I
,, ;; _. , Total Beer salop far year of 1865 I S,ooo Barrels. "; ¦¦*:... m
B88^v Total Beer Sais^Jfor i9Q3^i52oi;762 Barrels^^'^M• The energetic, ambitious, enterprising citizens of 'San
Francisco that are seeking to beautify the city arid, to
accept the advantages of natural conditions - for. the
adornment of 2 the -municipality may have at least one
congratulation. They have ; set ; f or themselves a task in
which there never will be a lack of work : to be done/ '
Inquiry by local officers has resulted in the shameful
discovery that the padrone system is. in a -disgracefully
flourishing state— among us. We tolerate a notorious
slave traffic, we ; wink" at the gross immoralities of
orientals, but at all hazards we should stop" at once the
evil machine that grinds ignorant .children to depraved,
criminal men. .
The Mayor of Severance, a Kansas town hitherto
blissfully unknown to fame, has issued a proclamation
commanding all bachelors, under pain of a loss of citizen
shipj to accept any offer of marriage that "may be made
to them during 1904. The young men and women of the
place are now hopelessly divided in controversy to -de
termine at whom the insult of the Mayor was directed
the men or the women.
STEAMERS— R. S.. Stockton, Cal.
There ar« several steamers that are
longer than was the Great Eastern.
Her length was 6S0 feet. The Kaiser
Wllhelm of the North German Lloyd
measures 707 feet, and the Oceanic of
the White Star line 704 feet. Among
the fastest passenger steamers may T>e
named the Lucania of the Cunard line,
the Deutschland of the Hamburg-
American, Kaiser Wilbelm der Grosse oC
the North German Lloyd and the Paris
of the American line.
THEATERS — Theater, City. The
place of amusement in New York hav
ing the largest seating capacity is Mad
ison Square Garden, 12,137. The next
largest are Proctor's Fifty-eighth Street
Theater. 4450. and the Drury Lane, 4S0O.
. Townsend's California glace fruits and
candies. 50c a pound, in artistic fl^»
etched boxes. , A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market st. ibove Call bids. •
Not So Wild.
Formerly when ocean steamships en
countered enormous masses of water
like those which momentarily, over
whelmed the Patricia and the Umbna !
while they were battling with recent
storms we were invariably treated to
long disquisitions on "tidal waves," and
nobody thought of , either questioning
the accuracy of the phrase or the ade
quacy, of the explanation. Now. how
ever, the captain of the Patricia only
says that what he saw^wa3 "as pearly
like a tidal wave as anything:: f ever
saw," and he" does not e,ven intimate
that the wave which damaged his yes-
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and . public men by tha
SSu C .8S£ C ffl^^SftoS C^
STETSON — Subscriber, City. Char
lotte Perkins Stetson Gilman. the writ
er, generally known as Charlotte Per
kins Stetson, la the daughter of Fred
eric Beecher. The name of Frederic
does not appear in the family history
of the late Henry Ward Beecher. If
Mrs. Gilman's father was in any way
related to the eminent preacher he
must have been a distant relative.
A determination has been reached to advertise
throughout the East the daily winter temperature of the
different important, cities of California. While this will
be of material advantage to the State and to the cause
we all wish to advance, it would be of the very essence
of cruelty to send these reports out now when people in
the East are dying. of cold and we are basking in the
warmth of glorious sunshine.
RUNNING RECORD— E. N. Q.,
City. The record for running 100
yards by women is held by Miss Fan
nie James, Vassar College, Pough
keepsle. N. Y.. May 17, 1903, in 13 1-5
seconds. The record by a man is held
by A. F. Duffey, Berkeley Oval, N. Y.,
May 31, 1902, in 9 3-5 seconds. These
are American records.
The University of California has secured several men
of very high standing In the world of science, art and lit
erature to lecture toihose that care to accept the advan
tages of the annual} summer school. The reputations
which those 'distinguished;. 'educators* have won are
pledges that tHey will. introduce a novelty in these enter
taining diversions- of Berkeley. They will strive to
teach notvto insult those that go to learn.
stay. ;
"You say that you are Sorrow, yet you
bring
Anew to me the music and the rose.
The laughter and the song and every
, •' thing
I held so dear in all the long agoes."
Then Sorrow, with a smile, made answer:
"les, ,.
For I was born a twin to Happiness."
— Chicago Tribune.
Sorrow sat beside him, garbed In gray;
And when she rose to go he bade her
Sorrow stayed, and told him further yet
Of many things he never should forget;
She told him of the laughter and the
song
That once were his Co share with olden
friends;
She whispered all the memories that
throng —
The blessed thoughts that recollection
sends
Out from the very heart of lonesome
night
To touch the soul with glowing rays of
light.
Sorrow's Message.
Sorrow came to meet him, garbed In gray.
And, heavy-eyed and sighing, bade him
stay.
She told } him all the * measure of his
grief;
She showed him the completeness of
his loss.
How what was once a rose was withered
leaf
That clung unto a thorn beside his
cross.
Thus Sorrow, In a voice full soft and low.
Told him of everything he could but
know.
CALL. BUILDING — J. L. E., Colusa,
Cal. The Call building has eighteen
floors and it covers a, ground space 73
feet seuare. The distance from tbs
sidewalk to the upper cornice is 310
feet.
Answers to Queries.
When -people .are" moved to profound sympathy for the
sufferings of their distant kindred or kind, nothing is.
easier than for a purely heartless and selfish journalist
to arouse their- fears .by falsehood,- in order to appear as
champion and get expressions of -their gratitude.
When people, like the Jews, have seen their co-religion
ists oppressed and repressed, and have been appalled by
their murder under shocking circumstances, they are in
a continual state of tension, anticipating that like suffer
ing and misfortune may come again. They look to the
press of the country for their information of events pass
ing and to come. They fear every rumor, and when the
statement is positively made that heartless cruelty, in
spired by religious fanaticism, is about to arm itself again
with torch and bludgeon, with lust and dagger,' to mur
der and rob the defenseless, it is only natural that those
who watch from afar should believe and act accordingly.
But what is to be said for the man who will invent
such things when they have no existence, and who will
affirm them and make them appeal, to his dupes by pic
tures of slaughter, of graves andlombst'-es/ all in order
that he may feed his tapeworm appetite -for flattery and
print in his own columns the ascriptions of praise to him
self, called out by his pretense that: he prevented some
thing that did not happen, nor was likely to happen, and
had no existence outside of his lying invention?
The Call did not believe that ithere was any prospect of
a renewal of the Kishinev massacres. X\\ the : first place,
the -Russian Government, contemptible as it is, had"in- 1
flicted' punishment upon a large . number of the wretches
who were concerned in last year's! murders. Then this is
no time. in. the affairs of Russia to offend the financial
dictators of ;,.Eu'rope; nor to insult the world's sense of
justice/- by fc winking; at the wholesale murder/ of Jews.
He says that the rece/it reports of a renewal of the
Russian massacres were entirely sensational, started by
newspapers in New York, Chica'go and San Francisco,
that they had no foundation in facttor in reasonable fear,
and that the Jews of the United States will do wisely by
ceasing to hold mass meetings or take other action pre
dicated on those reports. One does riot need. further in
dication of the newspapers that originated the sensa
tional fake. t
V yr R. SIMON WOLF, who since Judah P. Benja
l\f\ niin is recognized as the greatest Jewish lawyer
X \ 1 in thiSjCOuntry.and who besides is a skilled di
plomat and a leading authority in international law, be
ing a member of the B'nai B'rith Executive Council, is
anxious to allay excitement among his people.
THE JEWS AND
In order to test rriost effectively the fire ordinances of
Chicago the authorities of the Windy City have con
ceived the weird plan of setting the Iroquois Theater on
fire again anfl watching t' p ,e conditions under which hu
man beings may escape. Whatever merits the scheme
may suggest, and they, are difficult to understand, it
seems that. even, a* mimic repetition of the horrors would
be too shocking to attempt.
Some facts about Colombia which
come by way of Washington are in
point Just now. Colombia, not counting
Panama, is as large as California &xA
Texas combined, and has over ten
times the population of Panama;
an estimate made In 1881 puts the fig
ures at 3,600.000, exclusive of the people
of Panama. Bogota, its capital, haa
been called "the Athens of South Amer
ica," Its population is 125,000; the na
tional university is located there, and
the city has an excellent library of 50,
000 volumes, a picture gallery, an ob
servatory and a number of learned In
stitutions. Twelve days are required
to get from the coast to the capital.
One lands at Barranquilla, at the mouth
of the Magdalena River, goes up the
river by steamer to Honda— 592% miles
from the coast; then bv rail for twenty
two miles to La Dcrado, by mule Jour
ney for forty-five miles to Facatativa,
and from there by rail again to Bo
gota, twenty-four miles.— Harper's
Weekly.
Facts About Colombia.
He was a sailorman, an officer of a
trans- Pacific liner. He was sick and
presented himself to a local physi
cian for a survey. "You are threat
ened with typhoid fever. Better go
to a hospital and have yourself prop
erly cared for," was the medico's ad
vice. In obedience to the doctor's
order theViariner secured leave of ab
sence, set his affairs in order and en
rolled himself a patient at one of the
city's sanitariums.
"I don't care what it costs," said he,
"I want the best treatment you can
give me. I'll pay in advance if you
like, but get me well and do it
quickly."
, Three days later the sick man ap
peared before the superintendent of
his steamship company and 'requested
assignment to duty.
"Sure you're strong enough?" in
quired the superintendent. "You look
pretty rocky and I'm afraid you might
break down. By the way, thought you
were in the hospital?"
"Hospital! Never say hospital to
me. I went there all right and or
dered the best in the place. They
took my money and what do you
think they fed me? Milk! Bread and
milk! Hospital! No more for me.
Give me my own medicine chest and
three square meals and I'll be ray
'own doctor. But no more hospital!"
Wanted No Hospital
THE meeting to be held at the Alhambra Theater
this evening under the direction of the California
Postal Progress League will well repay all who aw
tend it. Governor Pardee is expected to preside, and
able speakers will present the merits of the proposed re
form. Were it, therefore, nothing more than an even
ing's entertainment, there would be ample reason why
the meeting should be large. The entertainment of an
audience is, however, the last thing in the minds of the
Postal League, or of the gentlemen who will speak for
it. The object is to direct attention to the urgent need
in' this country of an up-to-date parcels post system, such
as is maintained in almost every other civilized country
on the globe. if v . ,,r.V~,~y _
The excellence of the various express companies in
this country has been the cause of our lagging behind
the nations of Europe in establishing an efficient parcels
carrying system in connection with the postoffice. It is
one of the many illustrations of the proneness f of man
kind to postpone the adoption of great improvements so
long as they can get along with makeshifts. In Great
Britain, for example, where the telegraph service is ex
cellent and cheap, the people have been slow in making
use of the telephones. -So in the United States we. have
been content to put up with the old-fashioned corpora
tion express service instead of keeping abreast of civili
zation, and establishing a parcels post service of first
class efficiency. - ¦ <. >
While the publicj has been content to go on in the old
way, the express companies have formed a close combi
nation or arrangement among themselves, and they now
have a monopoly that is enormously profitable. They
stand therefore as a formidable opposition to the desired
reform. Against them are arrayed various organizations
like the California Postal Progress League, making the
contest for progress and the public good. In such a con
flict it should be a matter of pride for every progressive,
public spirited citizen to show himself in the meetings
held for reform and get himself counted on the right
side. >i
If all men of the city whdse business interests would
be beneficially affected by the good' parcels post system
were' to jattend this meeting, the Alhambra would not
hold a tenth part of them, , and there would have to be
overflow meetings in the open. air. As a matter of fact
the issue affects every citizen to a greater or less extent,
and every man of influence and leading should do his
share of the work required to bring about the establish
ine'nt of the desired service. ' ' . i
Asia Minor Just now boasts a brigand
of the Robin Hood order, whose self
assumed mission is to extort from those
who have grown wealthy by oppres
sidruthe property which belongs to their
victims. He also acts as the avenger
of the weak wronged by the strong.
Against the Albanian and Kurd free
booters he is relentless, but never mo
lests Europeans, or even law abiding
Turks, whom, on the contrary, he pro
tects. The Governor of Smyrna has of
late tried to negotiate his surrender,
but Tchakidl, as the brigand Is named,
imposed terms so stringent for public
protection against official oppression
that hostilities were resumed. The lo
cal gendarmerie, however, refused to
act against one whom they consider a
public benefactor, with the result that
the Governor had to employ Albanian*,
of whom Tchakidi and his men have
killed forty. Further severe fighting Is
expected between the irregulars and
the outlaws. — London Globe.
Modern Robin Hood.
THE PARCELS POST MEETING.
William Jennings Bryan says that as a fruit of his jour
ney abroad he is the proud possessor of a new idea which
he will discuss in the time and manner most congenial to
himself. The tenacity with which Mr. Bryan clunjf to
the only other idea he owned is violent evidence of
trouble to come and a justification of a fear that our
peace of mind is seriously threatened.
Now Keegan Is the reverse of^being
a handsome man and, garbed as he was
in . a dirty suit of blue flannel, the
steward took him for an escaped luna
tic and without any" ceremony grabbed
hold of him and rushed him Into a cell,
banging the door behind him and turn-
Ing the key. Keegan protested in vig
orous language, but all the consolation
he got from the steward was that crazy
men talk that way. It was not until
Chief Steward Bucher came along ou
his rounds of investigation that Kee
gan's predicament was made known.
Every effort was made to keep the new
steward's blunder from reaching the
ears of the reporters, but the joke
leaked out much to the chagrin of all
concerned. ..-„,' , ..,„.-«.
They hired a new steward in the
detention department of the Receiving
Hospital who* distinguished himself a
few days ago much to the amusement
of all who heard of his mistake.
The new steward was busy looking
after the patients and had his back
turned to the entrance when he heard
a noise as if a door was suddenly closed.
He turned round to see what had been
disturbed when he was confronted by
Ed Keegan, the janitor, whose duty It
is to keep the furnace provided with
fuel in ? the sub-basement under the
detention wards. Keegan had entered
the apartment through a trap door, the
presence of which had not been known
to the new steward.
'A Faithful Stcivard.
Only thir spring a girl came to seek
my advice. !?he told me her whole
rtcry- how Jxcr relatives in Memphis
wei"o poor, and how she was forced to
realize early in iif« that whatever she
accomplished murt be through her
ov.'ji effort.-'. She was sure she had a
jrood vcicc. r.nd this che determined to
cultivate and make the most of. She
took n. position in a store, saved every
cent the coultt. nnfi after several years
hr.3 enough ahead to take her to Chi
f n.50. There she studied music for two
yuars. And yov may be sure that she
studied harfl. She raa<3c- rapid prog
ress. Finally el:e felt that she was
ready tn begin vrorlr on the etage. Her
teacher, a. friend of r.iinc. sent her to
inc to «ecJc auvice. 'As^eoon us Khe
l;ad told me her story and* sung for
mo 1 said to her; "M/ dcai-. you are
Ei:np!y made t6\?ur.ceed. r r^in't start
you ajid I can't stop you." In another
jnonrh *hu hail secured a splers<li<J po
cition w$th ttif. Gmca ,T«i\ StuOdiforU
Opera Company, and she wrote to
thank me for "what J . had. told her."
'/hn.t .g:ir! has brains; che is bound to
succeed. .'. ._ ' .
Ones given the opportunity on the
stage, It remains for the girl herself
:o force an, advance. Then is the time
when The must use her brains more
than ever. Then comes the chance for
her 10 rho*v.Jier energy, her £Tit, her
pu*h.
Every young girl who can sing and
v.ants to go on the stage should study
dancing and fencing. Nothing is more
charming in a woman on the stage than
grace, easy carriage, suppleness. And
nothing will give a. girl these priceless
accomplishments so mucn as fencing
tnd dancing. Not that she will have
to aartce or fence on the stage, but the
movemerts she will be obliged to go
through with before the fencing and
dreeing masters iviii give her. body that
suppleness which nothing .else can bring
about. A cingcr will find that she can
ret dance much upon the stage. Danc
ing affects her breathing. She may have
to go through a few steps, but that is
ill. If she wants to sing she will have
10 give D2) everything else.
Another matter of importance. A
einjjer should learn to enunciate dis
tinctly. I can imagine nothing more
v.earlscine than a singer who mumbles
h»;r words bo that only one-tenth of
:hcm. are understood. It would be f^r
better for her to sing in a foreign
tens^je.
It is not necessary to study acting
before a finger expects to go on the
stage. As a matter of fact you can't
study acting.
Net long ago a fond mother brought
h*>r daughter to my house to get ad
vice. The daughter, it seems, had been
studying elocution and acting.
"Well," 1 said to her, "let's see you
do something. Suppose you sing a song
and accompany it with gestures." She
did, and such gestures! I simply had
to laugh. She had tried to make some
one give her what she didn't possess —
brains. Brains is what a singer needs
moFt of all. Give her that and the rest
is easy.
It Is very important that a girl start
ycung. She should be studying music
seriously at 12. She ought not to sing
much until she is 14. Bui after that it
must be a continuous round of study.
She must learn to read music as readily
as she can peruse a newspaper. Every
thing she can learn about, music will
be of assistance to her in her stage
career. There will come a time, when
this knowledge will be of great benefit.
She will find lots of people around the
stage who think they know about mu
sic, but don't. She must be in a posi
tion to tell those people why they are
wrong and she is right when she does
a certain thing in a certain manntr.
Then these ignorant people will have
respect for her. As I said before, it
i;: a case cf brains.
Hi' JESSIE BAK7L.ETT DAVIS.
<Cci»jrijh^ 1'JvM. I y Jcfeph B Uowles.)
As :iiarr rs fifteen girls have called
at rr.y 1)oue» in one day to ask my ad
x ire about going on the stage. What do
1 say to them? 'l give them fifteen
kinds of auvice. and then don't know
Urbether I havr helped them.
I often tl:ink that ft young girl with
talent is a great deal like a rock at the
summit of a hill. Once the rock is
started rolling no pewer on earth can
stop it. The -came holds true with th«
girl. If she has talent, even in a small
measure, you can't stop her. What she
needs most is confidence in herself;
then she must have energy, grit, deter
mination, push — good old American
••push." Bother the theatrical man
ager. The girls with talent and the de
termination to succeed will do so in
spite of all the theatrical managers
and stage managers in the country. To
use another homely expression, you
can't start her and you can't stop her.
But I have no patience with the girl
who thinks that all she needs is good
looks. Beauty will carry a girl only so
far en the stage — and only so far for a
thort time. Stage work is not flippan#
To begin with, it must be taken seri
ously. If a girl has a voice she will
find that she has to deny herself many
things or i3.se that precious gift. She
will have to study ceaselessly. There
never comes a time in her life when
the can say, "I have finished my stud
ies." Every day she must study, work,
think of her voice.
For St'agc-S truck Girls.
sel differed from qther waves in any
thing except size. The old term is used
at present exclusively for a distinct
phenomenon— an actual propulsion of
water by a seismic shock. These do
produce waves comparable with tides.
and the description is good enough,
though of course there is nothing really
tidal about It if "tidal" is to be re
served for the regular progression of
oceanic elevation and depression around
the world. The big waves met by
steamers In almost every storm are big
waves and nothing else— a mere accent
uation of the differences to be observed
in every succession of ordinary waves —
and though their consequences are
often very serious they indicate no oper
ation of new or unusual forces. Some
say that every seventh wave is larger
than its six predecessors, and some that
It is every ninth that exceeds the aver
age. These are favorite and therefore
auspicious figures in matters of mys
tery and should be accepted with ex
treme caution. The chances are that
the sequences are wholly Irregular, and
that only at distant intervals, not to be
computed with any certainty. Is a mon
ster wave produced by the combinalon
of several of moderate size.
bank balances and change of accounts, without sending
a dollar out of the country, and will do so as soon as the
Panama treaty is ratified. Tlie balance of trade is so
heavily in our favor that we merely apply the canal pay
ment to its reduction and the nioney that changes hands
and location is paid by Europe and not by us.
While we do not pretend that business depends upon
keeping one party in power, which would be a pretense
antagonistic to free government, yet it is true that con
ditions exist which make it wise sometimes to let well
enough alone. As the minority party appeals for power
always upon its promise to better the material condition
of the people, the voters have a right to use their judg
ment in the matter. Therefore we ask what, improve
ment on present conditions can be expected by a change
of administration?
The opposition, by basing its claim to confidence upon
its promise to make better conditions, is responsible for
declaring a relation, a direct connection, between politics
and business. It is responsible then for the admission
that present conditions originate in the kind of adminis
tration we have. A recital of those conditions, therefore,
is a statement of the substance we have. Will we ex
change it for the shadow offered by the opposition?
Wherever a Democratic conventicle is held and
wherever a Democratic dinner is eaten, whether it be a
dollar or a ten dollar meal, the harping is about the in
dustrial and financial condition of the country. Repub
licans do not have to claim cre.dit for what exists. It is
forced on them by the opposition. They must accept it
whether they wish to or not. So they accept it. They
show opacity to make the first canal payment by not
sending a dollar but of the country. They show a treas
ury surplus large enough to begin the work on the canal
and push it far toward a finish, without issuing a bond.
They even' show a prospect that the annual surplus will
be equal to the whole work, that we will pay as we go,
and that every dollar will be paid as we pay the first dol
lar, by an exchange of balances, the money coming from
Europe to pay for our products. They show such a con
dition of the currency as is equal to paying for and mov
ing the season's crops, and paying the January divi
dends without stringency. •¦¦*'*/
All this is charged to them by the opposition when it
impleads the business situation in politics. What better
can the opposition promise? They say they will prose
cute trusts. They are being prosecuted to disintegration.
They will reform the tariff. The people gave them a
chance in 1892, and they produced a law denounced by
Mr. Cleveland as "a record of perfidy and dishonor." Mr.
Gorman made that record, and he is the party leader in
Congress now. Will Mr. Gorman do any better than he
did then?
The people will have all the facts before them. Is
there any doubt about their decisio'n?
THE plantation value oi the present cotton crop is a
half billion dollars. The South has never before
pocketed as much money for that staple. It has
been forwarded to market and paid for, without the dis
arrangement of currency and money stringency that has
heretofore been caused by the annual movement of the
crops. The staple crops North and South h^ve been
moved without disturbance, and the January dividends,
paid in New York, on industrial stocks, amounting to
$11*5,000,000, have been paid, showing that currency is
sufficiently abundant to serve all the purposes of pro
duction and movement and business, in all parts of the
countrj% without disarrangement or stringency;
These facts arc worth considering, for it is the first
time such a thing has been possible in all our business
history. Not only have these things been done, but the
Government is able to pay the first installment for the
acquisition of the Panama canal by the mere shifting of
The DOlicemen will as a rule answer
the previous question. "How injured?"
all right, but when it comes to "By
whom or what injured?" they will
often answer, "None," or "Don't
know." In one report the first ques
tion was answered. "Fell on sidewalk
and cut his chin and broke his nose,"
yet the second question was answered,
"Unknown."
One member of the force In sub
mitting a report of an accident be
gan in a startling manner as there
was no punctuation. He wrote: "As
I left a car while returning from
shooting myself and Officer Blank saw
a man."
A man was seized with an epileptic
flC and the answer to the form ques
tion was, ""By the will of God." An
other was. "He looked like a man in
a fit." A man had fallen on the side
walk and cut his scalp, and the an
sw*er filled in the blank was, "He fell
over himself." Other answers were:
"By horse while running away,"
"Dead," "Injured by none," "By com
ing in contact with the ground."
Ini the printed form recently intro
duced in the Police. Department for
use in giving details of accidents
there is one question that seems to
puzzle many of the blue-coated guar
dians of the peace. It is, "By whom
or what injured?" Several of the an
swers are, to say the least, curious.
The Intelligent Cop.
A calculation based on the number
\ of female enlployes in flve large rail
road dices in New York City indi
: cates that about 6 per cent of the cler
ical staff of a railroad Is made up of
women. Of the 1,150,000 persons now
| employed by the railroads of this
! country not less than 150,000 are In
; the purely clerical service, and apply
ing the proportion of C- per cent to
! 150,000 it is show^n that about 9000
: women are on the railroad payrolls.
i There is, furthermore, palpable evi
; dence that this proportion is rapidly
| increasing. The pay of these female
i clerks ranges from $20 to $60 per
I month, and in cases where there is un
j usual responsibility the competent
| young woman will draw the same
j wage that a man would receive in a
; similar position. The Vanderbilt rail
roads employ about 150 girls and
i women in the Xew York City offices,
. mostly in the accounting departments.
Mrs. Hetty Green, the shrewd con
! server of many millions, is perhaps the
best known railroad woman in the
United States. For several years she
owned the Texas Midland Railroad and
directed its financial affairs, while her
son managed the property as president
and general manager. Mrs. Green be
lieves in railroad securities as invest
| ments, and she is an expert analyzer
j of a railroad report. Within the last
i two years the experiment of employ- j
i ing women conductors has been tried '
on some of the local passenger trains j
on Western railroads. While Mrs. j
Green mav not have originated this '
idea, ehe advocated it for a while and !
was instrumental in securing positions j
as conductc-rs for several women. This ;
experiment, however, never met with •
much success. The physical exactions j
of a railroad conductor's life are more j
than the average woman can stand.
There are a few female conductors who
still cling to their jobs, but the ma
jority of those who have ' tried such j
work are ready to admit that the life j
is a little too strenuous. i
As ticket sellers in suburban stations '•
women have succeeded fairly well, and
they are numerously employed in this
capacity throughout the country.
Where the work is light a woman gives
as complete satisfaction as a man and
she gets less pay. President A. J. Cas- j
satt of the Pennsylvania system is a j
stickler for discipline and good service, j
and he has invariably favored the em- j
ployment of women for such work as ,
they are capable of handling. Travel- j
ers in the eastern section of this coun- !
try frequently come upon railroad sta- !
tions which are attractively homelike
because they are tended exclusively by
women. The presence of growing
plants, trailing vines, neat engravings j
on the walls, cushioned settees and j
rocking chairs is not uncommon in New !
England railroad stations, and these j
comforts indicate the dominating care j
of a female a~ent. ;
In the Far West, where a rugged life j
and exposure to inclement weather for |
both sexes are more common than in |
the East, women station agents are by
'¦ no means a rarity. Many of thest are
to be found along tfie Northern Pifciflc,
the Great Northern and the Chicago, \
: Burlington and Quincy lines. In some
instances these female statfon agents
are the wives of men employed in j
other departments of railroading, but
a majority of them are women, young
and middle-aged, who are obliged to
support themselves. Each one, of
course, must demonstrate, her ability ;
and responsibility in some way before j
the full measure of authority is vested
in her. All station agents handle more
'. or less money received for express and.
freight charges, as well as from the
sale of tickets. When Charles S. Mel
ten was president of the Northern Pa- ;
cific he took especial pains to collect in- j
formation regarding the work of the !
' female station agents, and he found !
; that their average of efficiency was as
high as that of the men. The official
reports and money accounts sent in pe- j
riodically by the women employes were, ¦.!
! as prompt, clear and accurate as sim- ;
, ilar reports from the male agents. ' !
While neglect of duty is very uncom- j
mon among railroad employes gener-j
1 ally, the statement is frequently heard
in railroad offices that women arc more
watchful of little things than the men.
A female" station agent, as a- rule, will
1 take better care of the company's prop
erty than the average man would, for i
the reason that v/omen wage-earners !
are naturally less wasteful than men. !
The cay of an agent in charge of a |
! small station Is usually about $50 a
month. A man in receipt of that sti
pend will perform his daily duties as a
matter of course, but he docs not feel
it incumbent upon him to give much j
extra attention, to the care of the sta
tion itself or of the fixtures and furni
ture. A woman, on the other hand,
v.-ill put herself out to keep the station I
in as good condition as possible, for in '
a sense it »s her domicile, and she I
wants to have her surroundings as neat I
and agreeable as the conditions will al-
Jow. ' ' •
"Why do you dislike that Bickerford
girl so thoroughly?"
"Well, it's because her hair is curly."
! "So is yours." . ;
1 "But her's curls naturally."— Cleve
land Plaindealer.
""I'm sure I try to treat everybody like
j a etar boarder!" |
I "I think that's the right way, Mrs. i
I Hasherly. A boarding, house should be*
an all-star aggregation."— Puck.
i
Women have been coming: into the
railroad business in steadily increasing:
numbers in recent years until now
they constitute an. Important factor in
many of the general offices. From the
ranks of stenographers and typewrit
ers there have been numerous promo
tions of women to places of trust and
responsibility, and. there are conspic
uous instances of the development of
exceptior-al ability in a female private
secretary, or female . head of a cler
ical department. The presidents of
fome of "the largest railroad systems
have as their confidential secretaries
young: v.T>men. and newspaper men
v.lio have had dealings with this class
of. workers have found them fully as
capable and alert, Jip.d much more
tactful and obliging:, than the average
male secretary.
[Former Railroad Editor New York Times and
New Tork Sun.]
(Copyright. 11)01. by Joseph B. Bowles.)
BY EARL. D. BERRY
Women on Railroads.
NO CLOUDS IN BUSINESS.
Mr. Wolf is wise and right in his advice to his people.
There are real occasions enough- for an appeal to the
American people, in time of genuine need, without being
led into making one that is unnecessary, in order that a
yellow journalist may add to his list of indorsements
gained by falsehood those secured by this peculiarly
cruel and 'unjustifiable deception.
There are in Austria, Germany and France influential
Jews,' who have every means and the best means of
knowing what goes on in Russia. More than that, there
are Jews in'.close, contact with the St. Petersburg Gov
ernment, with about as good facilities for knowing what
goes on as Esther had in the court of Ahasuerus. With
these facilities it was very unlikely that their American
-brethren would be left* tp depend for information on the
prince and primate of American newspaper fakers.
But people whose minds are distressed do not«stop to
analyze, nor to examine all considerations involved in
such a matter. They have been harmed, their sentiments
and impulses exhausted in useless action,, their rest and
calmness have been banished, their capacity for attention
to their daily affairs has been impaired and they have been
injured in nerve and pocket, yet the adroit liar who did it
coldly calculated from the beginning upon his capacity
to secure their praise and, flattery, though he had done
them" only harm and knew from the beginning that they
would be harmed. They are not to blame because they
believed the sensation monger when he cried out that
their distant people were in danger, but his conduct was
on a par with that of the man who rushes to a family to
teir them that one of their number 'has been seriously
hurt on the next street, and then takes advantage of
their immediate rush for the scene of a tragedy that
has not happened by going in and robbing the vacant
house.
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 21, 1904.
THE S AN FRANCIS CO C AL I_
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor ... . . .;. Address Afl Communiations to JOHN HcNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Olllce <3^§|||i£> •••••• ...Third and Market Streets, S. P.
THURSDAY .....:.................;........ >../. "JANUARY, 21, 1904
INSTRUCTIVE STUDIES
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMEN
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
8Gunner Mitchell Goes to the Tacoma".
VALLEJO, Jan. 20. — Gunner James
Mitchell of the new cruiser^Tacoma,
which is soon to go into commission at
Mare Island, is one of the heroes of
the siege of the legations in Peking
several years ago. During the fighting
on the walls of Peking ; Mitchell; was
wounded seven times. : As a reward
he received a medal of honor*, money
and an appointment as gunner in the
United States "navy.
Passenger Traffic Manager E. O.
McCormick of the Southern Pacific
Company yesterday had prepared by
Statistician Jackson of the passenger
department a statement concerning
the tourist traffic over the company's
lines during the years 1902 and 1903.
It contains some interesting compara
tive figures. It shows that during the
spring of the year 1902 tourist tickets
were on sale for sixty-one days and
the average dally sale was 197. Dur
ing the same season of 1903 the tick
ets were sold for 121 days and the
average daily sale was 364 tickets,
the increased sale of the latter year
over 1902 being 84.7 per cent In the
fall of 1902 tickets were sold for
sixty-one days and the average daily
sale was 407 tickets. In 1903. they
were on sale for seventy-six days and
averaged 530 dally, or an increase of
30 per cent.
"These figures," remarked Mr. Mc-
Cormick yesterday, "plainly suggest
to us that the proper time for the
railroad company and the people of
the State to encourage this westbound
movement is during the fall, for in tlte
spring the Eastern farmer Is busy
putting In his crop and has no time to
leave his farm and look around. In
Iowa and Ohio the majority of -the
leases on the farms terminate during
April and March, and a man cannot
very well leave his home, in those
months, for, he is busy engaged in,
renewing his lease and preparing to
set out another crop. .
"In the fall, he can come West, and
if he sees a eood future "for himself
and -family here he is afforded ample
time to return to the East and make
his arrangements for moving the fol
lowing year. Our reports for .the
two years mentioned show . the total
tourist traffic/to have been 121,903, of
which 36.223 came West in 1902 and
84,980 in 1903, a very satisfactory
record and one that 'encourages ; us .In
believing that our future efforts In the
tourist' business will meet with still
greater results." • \
Years Told in Interesting Com
parative Figures.
Spring and Fall Movement for Two
RAILROAD PLEASED WITH
TOURIST TRAFFIC SHOWING
Insane Patient Makes His Escape.
ISAN: JOSE, Jan. 20. — James Mona
han, a patient at Agnew Insane Asy
lum, escaped from a window on the
third story of that institution Friday
night, lowering himself to the ground
by means of a rope made of sheets
and blankets.
The taking of testimony before the
Civil Service Commissioners in the
case of certain employes of the Health
Department who claim they were ille
gally ousted from their positions was
completed yesterday afternoon. The
case will be argued before the'com
missioners Saturday morning at 11
o'clock.
Former Assistant Secretary Cam
eron was the first witness called yes
terday. On direct examination by ex-
Judge Slack he testified that he had
taken the civil service examination
for experienced clerk and was assigned
to the Health Department. He kept
the books and. attended to such other
clerical duties as were required of
him. W r hen asked by Mr. Ruef if he
were competent to fill the positions of
secretary, assistant secretary, book
keeper, statistician and food inspector,
which ha've been combined under the
name of assistant health officer and
are now being filled by Louis Levy,
the witness said he was not.
Secretary Mo'ran of the Civil Service
Commission next took the stand. His
testimony consisted chiefly of figures
relating to the number of examina
tions held, the number of applicants
and the present status of the eligible
lists. There are at present, accord
ing to his figures. 2100 civil service
employes whose salaries total $2,200,
000. This includes members of the
Police and Fire departments, many of
whom did not take the examinations,
but were on the roll prior to the in
stitution of civil service. The city also
employs 1897 persons whose positions
do not come under civil service at an
annual expense of The
school teachers are included in this
list. Of the 2100 employes under the
civil service classification Mr. Moran
teetified that about*700 had taken the
regular examinations.
James McQuade, who fills the new
ly created post of deputy warden at
the City and County Hospital, was
called and closely questioned, the ob
ject of the inquiry being to determine
what difference, if any, existed be
tween his duties and those performed
by David I. Wolfe. Wolfe was a civil
service- man and classified # as secretary
of the hospital. His position was
abolished on January 9 and McQuade
was given the position of deputy war
den. McQuade testified that while his
duties were largely clerical they were
also executive. He related his duties
in detail and Wolfe, who followed him
on the stand, stated that as secretary
his duties had been identical with
those of McQuade. This closed the
case for the contestants, and as Mr.
Ruef had no witnesses to call the
board adjourned until Saturday, when
arguments will be heard.
TALCOTT ADMITS OWING BILL
BUT MAKES POVERTY PLEA
Doctor Says He Will Liquidate Adver
tising Dill When lie sets the
Wherewith.
The suit of W. Chenowith against
the medical firm of Dr^Talcott & Co.
for $452 due for advertising 1 space
furnished Talcott by a morning news
paper was tried yesterday before
Judge Hebbard and taken under sub
mission by the court. Talcott admit
ted owing the money, but pleaded
poverty as his reason for falling to
liquidate. "I will pay the bill when
I get the money," he said.
Notwithstanding his expressed will
ingness to pay, Talcott conveyed a
different impression* by his testimony.
He stated that the bill was contract
ed by the firm of Dr. Talcott & Co.
before ty had been incorporated and
then admitted that he owned 75 per
cent of the stock in the concern. He
did not. however, make this admis
sion until the court had told him that
he must answer the question as to his
interests. He* then remembered and
stated that he believed he owned 75
per cent of the stock and the rest of
it was owned by his wife, his brother
in-law and one Frank Fornio. He
admitted also that the Incorporation
owned all the Instruments and furni
ture of the unincorporate firm of Dr.
Talcott & Co. and that the Instru
ments and furniture had been turned
over to the corporation by him. He
could not, however, remember wheth
er ¦ the corporation had assumed
the debts of Dr. Talcott & Co., unin
corporated.
To Swell McKinnon Fund.
A grand band concert, military en
tertainment and ball for the benefit
of the McKinnon memorial fund will
be held Thursday evening, January
21, at Mechanics' Pavilion. •
Stop at Paso Roblcs.
First-class tickets between San Francisco
and Lo» Angeles, either direction, - including
stop of two clays' entertainment at famous
Paso Roblei Hot Spring! Hotel, only $21;
children $13 50. Privilege of thirty days' stop
over. Best of fare and service at hotel. Cura
tive mud or hot water baths; fine drives; In
vigorating mountain air; warm sunshln«. Just
the place to rest. Full Information of Southern
Pacific ticket agents, j •
The Board of Education yesterday
elected the following sixteen regular
teachers in the school department:
Elizabeth B. Moore. Cecilia H. Gll
christ, Clare E. Rodgers, May E. A.
Gray, Mollie McLeran, Lois Angeline
Peckham, Annie Whitley, Agnes Mc-
Donald, Anna Dwyer, Ethel Washing
ton, Ida L. Downing, Annie Harrower,
Emma L. Xoonan, Edith S. Humphrey,
Elvina Berard and Marie d'Or.
The resolution electing the teachers
recites that they have served the pro
bationary term of two years as re
quired by resolution of the board; that
they have been reported upon favorably
by their principals and the board is
satisfied that they are doing good work
in the eehools of this city.
It was resolved that an ungraded
class be established at the Adams Cob
mopolitan School and that Mrs. Mar
jorie Stuart be assigned to the same.
The week commencing Monday,
March 2S, 1904, was fixed as the spring
midterm vacation and the summer va
cation will commence June 13, 1904, and
terminate 3uly 25, 1904.
The following named, being the next
in order in the competitive examination
held June 15, 1903, were placed
<>n the substitute list in the order of
their standing, to take effect February
U 1904: Mary F. Burke, Clara L. Doo
!an, Estelle R. Davidson, James A. Mo-
Gulfin, Florence Martin, Cecelia D.
Harnett and Minnie McKinnon.
Leaves of absence were granted to
Mi? s Lucille O'Connell, Miss L. Cole
and Miss S. E. Kelly.
The resignation of Henry E. Viner a.s
janitor of the Humboldt School was ac
ctpted and Mrs. Annie Swanson was
elected to the vacancy.
Steve Gunn was elected to the posi
tion of janitor of the Adams Cosmo
politan School, vice L. Claveloux, re
signed.
The resignation of Miss Christine
Regan as a teacher in the San Fran
cisco School Department was accepted.
Miss Mary -E. Geary was transferred
from the Garfleld Primary School to
the Redding Primary School, vice Miss
Christine Regan, resigned.
Mrs. M. A. Thomas was transferred
from the Fremont to the Lafayette Pri
mary School,
Mrs. Brady's Will Is Contested.
Philip llrady, husband of the late
Mary Brady, and Joseph Tiedeman,
his stepson, filed a contest of Mrs.
Brady's will yesterday. They al
\e~a undue influence on the part of
Emily O'Kane and Waldo Pool, chil
dren of Mrs. Brady by her second
marriase. She was married three
times. Mrs. Brady left an estate
worth $20,000. Sh» left Tiedeman
$100 and directed the payment to
Brady of f $00 she owed him and then
devised the rest of her estate to C.
XV. Lynch, in trust for Brady and Mrs.
O'Kane and young Pool, providing
that out of the trust funds her hus
band should receive S30 a month and
his step-children the balance.
The Board of Public Works yester
day began wielding the official ax as
a result of the change in the city's ad
ministration by. removing some fifty
employes from their positions and ap
pointing the^r successors to the va
cancies. None of the employes removed
was under civil service, so the board
acted well within its power to select
its own employes. The resolution first
orders the remoyal of thirty Janitors
by declaring their positions vacant. The
men removed are Joseph Bellett, George
Casey, William Anderson, James Broa
die, George Dawson, Thomas Dolan,
John Dougherty, D. J. Eccles. P. Ellis,
F. Felder, George Hayden, J. W. Hardy,
J. Hayes, George Harders, M. Heaney,
W. J. Higgins. F. Larson, James Mo-»
ran, Thomas Mullen, Eugene Murphy,
H. J. Murphy, J. Moore, F. O'Rourke,
A. F. Robertson, M. Ryan, M. Sher
lock, James Sullivan, James Tuck, John
Thorpe, M. Wolff.
The following named were thereupon
appointed janitors:
NAMES OF APPOINTEES.
Samuel Wall. H. J. F. Leffmann, J.
J. Hunt, W. H. Moran, E. Cook, A. I.
Berliner, B. Armstrong, Frank Sutton,
Frank Ralston. H. Brockcosky, T. J.
Leary, Fred Wolff. Matthew Hansen,
E. Folk, Wilson C. Chroni3ter, J. W.
Spencer, Michael Hendy # Jonas Hy
man, Joseph Catania, J. Dowd, Wil
liam Carr, J. B. Beck, J. B. Pleruccini,
R. J. Ryan, D. H. Sullivan, H. Viner,
James Bernard, C. M. Ericksen.
The following appointments to posi
tions declared vacant were also made:
Keeper of Corporation Yard— Edward
Boyle, vies John Coghlan, removed.
Assistant keepers — Julius Heyman,
John Hayes and James A. McManus,
vice N. W. Connor, Thomas Kane and
Hugh McKevitt, removed.
Foreman— John McKeon, vice Patrick
Connor, removed.
Stonecutter — B. Kendrick. vice John
Dhue, removed.
Locksmith— Forrest Hatfield, vice
Thomas Wood, removed.
Foremen — J. N. Copus, vice E. I. Cof
fey, removed; L. Pierce, vice James
Reardon, removed; M. F. Fitzpatrick,
vice John McLauehlln, resigned.
Plumbers' helpers— F. L. S.mith and
L. P. Corbett, vice D. Casey and W.
Mc-lloy, removed.
Engineers— John Magee, vice J. J.
Moriarity, removed; J. J. Murphy, vice
C. H. Young, removed; J. J. O'Connell,
vice J. M. Benson, removed; Daniel
Condon, vice W. T. Brandon, removed.
Elevator operator— Peter Duffy, vice
Robert Campbell, removed.
Janitress— Mrs. Mallin, vice Mary
Coyle, removed.
When it came to voting on the reso
lutions dismissing the men Commis
sioner Casev said he did not care to
vote, and the resolutions were adopted
by the votes of Commissioners Schmltz
and Woodward.
NO PAY FOR HALF HOLIDAY.
The wages of the painters employed
by the board were raised from $4 to
$4 50 per day. This action was taken
on a petition of the painters that they
be given a half holiday on Saturdays
with a full day's pay. The raising of
the wages Is an offset to the granting
of the half holiday, for which a full
day's pay. however, will not be al
lowed.
The charges of dereliction of duty
filed by Superintendent of Pavements
Gallagher against Patrick Murphy, la
borer, and Michael Murphy, paver,
were referred to the Civil Service Com
mission for a hearing. Pending the in
vestigation the two men were sus
pended.
The complaint of the Precita Valley
Club regarding a stagnant pool on
Army street between Florida and Geor
gia was referred to the City Engineer
for investigation.
The petition of the California Steve
dore and Ballast Company for permis
sion to grade Lombard street between
Sansome and Winthrop was denied for
the reason that the street is now far
below the present official grade.
The petition of George P. Wetmore
for permission to explode blasts on
property on the northeast corner o£
Lombard and Montgomery streets was
taken under advisement. .
TO PARK DOLORES STREET. \
The Plan submitted by the California
Outdoor Art Leagrue for the planting
I with ornamental trees and grass and
, the improvement of Dolores street from
! Fifteenth to Seventeenth and of Six
teenth street westerly from Dolores
j street to Landers was adopted and rec
! ommendation was made to the Super
visors that the streets described be
parked.
The Spring Valley Water Company
submitted a deed to the property it
'' desires to convev to the city for the
extension of Nineteenth avenue from
'Ocean road to Trocadero Gulch.. As
there are certain conditions In the deed
not approved by the Supervisors-
Finance Committee the acceptance of
the deed was postponed for further
Investigation.
The California Stevedore- Company
was granted permission to grade for
credits in front of it's property on the
northerly side of Lombard street, near
Montgomery.
Hearing Is Postponed.
James W. Boland. embalmer for
Undertaker S. A. White, could not be
present at Attorney Hosmer's office
as arranged yesterday morning and so
the further taking of depositions in
support of the contentions of the
heirs of Charles L. Fair was postponed
until to-morrow mornine- It is ex
pected that Boland's testimony "will
be to the effect that the condition of
the bodies of the two victims of the
accident indicated that Mrs. Fair died
first.
Supervisor Braunhart called the at
tention of the Supervisors' Finance
Committee yesterday to a circular let
ter being, sent to citizens by the firm of
Fox & Friend, real estate, insurance
and general brokers, 214 Pine street,
stating that said citizens had paid ille
gal taxes for hospital and new school
houses-and requesting an assignment
of their claim for collection on a basis
of 50 per cent commission, and he re
quested the Finance Committee to take
some action whereby the citizens might
be informed that the Board of Super
visors intended, if possible and legal,
to refund the taxes collected, and in
case this could be done they would be.
at no expense.
The committee decided to prepare a
resolution calling the attention of the
public to the resolution requesting the
City Attorney's opinion as to whether
yiere is any legal way in which the,
money might be refunded, and also no
tifying them that it is the Intention of
the board, if possible, to return the
taxes paid, in which event it will in
volve no cost to the citizens.
The committee decided to allow the
Health Board $650 additional to the $2000
already appropriated for cleansing
Chinatown under the supervision of the
special committee of Supervisors. The
clerk was directed to apply to the Civil
Service Commission for six laborers to
do the work.. They are to report at 8
o'clock this morning to Dr. Hassler, at
Clay and Dupont streets. The com
mittee informed Dr. Blue of the United
States marine hospital service that he
has the authority to discharge any man
not properly doing his work.
John Partridge, president of the So
ciety for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Animals, which has been given tem
porary charge of the public pound, in
formed the committee that the society
would be put to considerable expense
in obtaining horses and wagons, and
it did not desire to assume the
obligation unless it would have conj
trol of the pound for some stated pe^
riod. Thereupon it was decided that
the clerk be directed to invite state
ments from humane societies in this
city as to their ability to take charge
of the pound, the facilities they have
and under what conditions they would
accept the control of the institution.
Tax Collector Smith appeared before
the committee and stated that he would
require $6000 additional for extra clerks
during the remainder of the fiscal year.
The extra amount Is required because
the State Board of Equalization had
raised the assessed valuation of San
Francisco. Auditor Baehr also; asked
for ?2000 for additional help, but the
committee postponed action on both
requests.
At the request of Assistant Chief En
gineer Dougherty the committee or
dered an appropriation of $150 tp pur
chase 150 wooden frames for holding
regulations and rules to be placed in
theaters and engine houses.
Seven Elijriblcs From Competi
tive Examination Are Put
Upon the Substitute List
Allows More Money... to.. Clean
Chinatown and Laborers Must
Be Taken. From Civil Service
David I. Wolfe, the Deposed
Secretary, Says They Are Sim
ilar to Those He Performed
Approve Plan of California
Outdoor League to Plant
Trees on Dolores Street
Attorney Coghlan has been making a
strong effort to obtain a new trial for
Sullivan, and as a last resort filed the
Powell affidavit yesterday afternoon. In
it' Powell declares that he flred the
shots into Sample's body in self-de
fense, believing that if he had not done
so he would have been killed or
sustained great bodily injury; that Sul
livan did. not fire any of the shots and
was not even present at the time.
Powell further says that he did not say
to any person that he had fired the
shots till af^er the trial and conviction
of Sullivan of murder in the second de
gree. \
An affidavit' was also filed by Sullivan
denying that he had flred the shots and
stating that he did not know till Janu
ary 15 that Powell was willing to go on
the stand and testify that he had killed
Sample in self-defense.
After the affidavits were filed the
Judge continued the matter of the mo
tion for a new trial in the Sullivan case
till, Saturday. Powell was asked if he
had any legal cause to show why sen
tence should not be passed upon him,
and Coghlan answered in the negative.
The Judge said he would postpone sen
tence till Saturday, when Assistant
District Attorney Ferral would be pres
ent, but Coghlan insisted upon sen
tence being pronounced at once. The
Judge, however, postponed sentence un
til Saturday.
On the charge of murder In the sec
ond degree Sullivan could get Imprison
ment for . life, but on the charge of
manslaughter Powell cannot get more
than ten years. *
It was shown at both trials .that Sul
livan and Powell had been fighting
with some other men; that Sample
told them to go home; that they walked
along till about half-way on the block
on Folsom street between Second and
Third, where they stood in a
doorway; that Sample, who had fol
lowed them, came up to them and three
shots were, fired:' into Sample's, body.
Sample in his dying statement declared
that Powell had struck him, that Sulli
van had knocked him down and while
on the ground Sullivan had taken Sam
ple's revolver out of his pocket and
flred the three shots at Sample. They
were both arrested while running away
from the scene of the shooting.
Something of a sensation was caused
in Judge Lawlor's court yesterday,
when Charles Sullivan and John H.
Powell appeared for sentence. Sullivan
on a charge of murder in the second
degree and Powell on a charge of man
slaughter. Attorney N. C. Coghlan filed
an affidavit by Powell taking upon him
self the whole blame for the killing of
Special Officer. Robert A. Sample on
Folsom street, between First and Sec
ond, on the morning of August 11, and
exonerating Sullivan. ,
FIXES VACATION TERMS
DEPUTY WARDEN'S DUTIES
RAISE WAGES OF PAINTERS
NO EXPENSE TO TAXPAYER
Motion Made for New Trial
for . Sullivan on Ground of
Newly Discovered Evidence
AFFIDAVITS ARE FILED
.Sixteen IYdajroirues, Who Have
.Served Probationary Period,
Are Given Permanent Places
Finance I Committee Asks City
Attorney to Advise if the
Return Can Be Legally Made
Cameron Docs Not Claim to Be
Able to Fill as Many Positions
as Levy, the New Appointee
Commissioners of Works Re
move Fifty Employes and Ap
point Like Number of Others
Says He Fired Fatal Shots
at Special Officer Robert
A. I Sample in Self-Defense
BOARD ELECTS
MANY TEACHERS
CIVIL SERVICE
INQUIRY ENDS
WOULD REFUND
SPECIAL TAXES
BOARD WIELDS
POLITICAL AX
POWELL ADMITS
KILLING A MAN
PERTAINING TO AFFAIRS OF THE MUNICIPALITY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,: THURSDAY, JANUARY 21, 1904.
9
FREE TO
WANT ADVERTISERS
NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL.
Dc Witt's Guide to San Fran-
cisco. Street Car Lines, Hotels,
Boarding, Rooming and Apart-
ment Houses, etc.," etc., together
¦ with an , up-to-date indexed
map of the city. -
BRING YCHJR WANT. ADS
TO THE CALL.
A2HTJSEMENT3. •
COLUMBIA iwilTS
LAST PERFORMANCES.
2S£ LANGTRY
TO-NIGHT, also Friday and Saturday NlcM|
MATINEE SATURDAY.
First Times Her* of Sydney Grundy's ,
"THE DEGENERATES"
Next Sunday — G«rman Performance — Al»«
meda Lustspiel Ensemble In "ALS ICBI
TV1EDERKAM." j
SEATS NOW READY
Beginning Next Monday — First Time Here,
The Greatest Musical Comedy Success Extant,
A Chinese
Honeymoon.
Company of 100 — Augmented Orchestra.
ENTICING VAUDEVILLE!
Stein- Krctto Family; Stanley and
Wilson; Kelly and Vlolette; Irving
Jones, and Orpheura Motion Pic-
tures.
Last times of Howard Thurston:
Wallno and Marlnette; Asra and
White, and Simmons.
Regular Matinees Every Wednesday. Thurs-
day, Saturday and Sunday. Prices, 10c, 23o
and 5Cc.
*T « A7 AD Belaseo ft Mayer.
ALCAZAR £T8k
i General Manger.
XO-XTXOKT — AZiZi THIS VTEXX.
MATINEES 8ATURDAT and SUNDAT. 1
•'Hilarity ran riot." — Call.
. "One of the Alcazar bits." — Chronic!*. *
A/1 R "*• *"
/virvOi lauitfitd
1/1^1/ like idiot*."—
*J JT~\ V— -» I^bw Ashton Stevens.
Full of Fun. Droll Types, the TTestem Widow,
the Pugilist, the Crushed Tragedian, tae>
Auto Accident, the Buffalo Hunt.
Evgs.. 25c to 73c: Mat.. Sat. & Sun., 13c to 50a
MON. NEXT— FlnV Productlen ot
THE MASQUERADERS
BT HENBT AHTnCR JONES.
CENTRAL*!?
Belaseo £ Mayer. Proprietors.
Market street, near Eighth. Phnn* South S3S.
TO-NK3HT — AH. THIS WEKK.
MATINEES SATVRDAT AND SUNDAT.
The Record-Breaking Success.
A BOWERY GIRL
Greatest of Up-to-Dat» Melodramas.
Srnsatlons Without Xumb«r!
Jollity In Abundanct!
Vivid F1r*> Scene! Dynamite Explosion!
Soar and Dance Specialties!
ALL CENTRAL FAVORITES IS CAST.
pmfEC Ev«nlngs 10o to Me.
ralVCj Matinees 10c. 13c. 2M.
January 25th — Tna Magnificent t)rata»Ua
Spectacle. QUO VADIS.
High-Class Specialties Uverr Aft«ZBOtt»
and Bveainff ta th* TbonraffUy
Heated Theater.
T0-H10KT
GALA AMATbUK PERFORMANCE
Concluding With, .
NEW LIVING PICTURES
SEE THE CHINESE BABT GIRL IN TOT
INFANT INCUBATOR.
ADMISSION 10c | CHILDREN.. ...... 8«
. When Phontna; Ask for "The Chutes."
LYRIC HALLJo-Night Ms
NEXT TO N.EW TIVOL1
BURTON HOLMES
- LECTURES "
N E£ T ALASKA II
The Yukon, the Klondike and Cape Nome.
MAGNIFICENT COLORED VIEWS*
REALISTIC MOTION PICTURES
to-mor now i{ Ck PFA
EVENINO IVVJfVL.>\
¦ Special Closing Lectures Next Saturday.
matinee YELLOWSTONE
EVENINO AT 8:15— KOREA
Setts $1W. " 5c - &Oc -> at Sherman. Clay t Ox's
Racing !36H|§> Racing!
OAKLAND RACE TRACK
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKET CLUB.
Commencing January 4.
Racing Each Week Day. Rain or Shine.
Six or More Races Daily.
Races commence at 2:13 p. m. sharp.
For special. trains stopping at the track take
3. P. Ferry, foot of Market street, at 12, •
12:30, 1 :0i>, 1 :Su or 2 o'clock. No smoking In
last two can. Tvblcb are reserved for ladles
and- their *»oort».
Returning train* leave track at 4:10 and '
4:45 and Immediately after the last race.
. THOMAS Ik WILLIAMS. President.
PERCY W. TREAT, Secretary. •
ffsei Gal $1.00 1» Year
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ELECTRO-CHEMISTRY CURES
CATARRH
-AND-
DEAFNESS
IN OLD AND YOUNG,
MISS 3. V. TAYLOB,
¦ 2016 Pacific Ave., Alameda. Cal.
"For many years I had suffered from
catarrh, deafness and rinsing ears. - I
think- I have used every known treat-
ment. I even tried artificial ear drums
for my deafness/ Nothing helped me
until I ; took up the Electro-Chemic treat-
ment.. That. has helped' me from the
"start. It not only has shown its cura-
tive, effect, on my catarrh and deafness,
but my • general health and strength
have also been built up by it.
"To those . advancing In years I am
siife. there Is no treatment in the world
equal. to Electro-Chemistry." .
(Signed) MISS S. N. TAYLOR.
2016 Pacific ave., Alameda, Cal.
.: ¦ ;.;..,..'.' -;•;:•
CONSULTATION w-* i"^ -'r*. r*
AND |-« |^ LH §-*
EXAMINATION * *> *-* *-?*
Specialties — Consumption.--. Catarrh,
Bronobitis, Asthma, Cancers, Tumors,
Deafness, Head and Ear SToises, Itheu-
matism. Paralysis. Nenralsrla, Piles.
Diseases of the ' Stomach, Uver, " Kid-
neys and' Bowels, Special Diseases of
Men and Women. All Chronic Diseases.
HOME TREATMENT— If you live at
a distance,, try to come for a personal
examination. If you can't come, write
for instructions for home examination
and treatment.
ELECTRO=CKEMIC INSTITUTE,
• '' '• -¦ ' ¦ ¦ 118 QBANT 'ATTB., Cor. Post.
SAN 7BAN0ISCO.
Office hours— 0 a. in. to 8 p.m. and 7 to 8
p. ¦ m.* dally. .. Sundays, ; 10 a. m. to 1 p. m. '
£e»a rate apartments for ladies and • zenUemco.
POSTTJM CEB.EAX.
A Little I
Co mmon 1
Sense I
Applied to U
Coffee
•* I
Try leaving it off 10 1
cteys and see how |
much better you feel. |
I
Postum 1
Coffee!
used in -its place will |
heip the experiment. I
t^ff 1
; If you like to "Feel Fit as |
' a Lcrd," and be able to i
"move things," . g
| TRY IT! I
MHfiBBssH^ssisssBBEsstti^fc "SSt^^xr^^j^^SPfi^^^Sr i
: . ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVER'nSEMEXTS.
Pn^A^TS^^INVALIDS^
Fretful babies become calm
and peaceful babies when fed
on- Mellin's Food. Mellin's
Food nourishes.
A sample of Mellin's Food casts you nothing
but the asking. v/ " ' ~>J not then ask for
it for your baoy'
MELLIN'S FOO. --., BOSTON. MASS.
THE BOARD OF N
LONDON WINE MERCHANTS
HAS SELECTED
DRYMONOPOLE
A5 THE BEST
CHAMPAGNE IN THE
y^ WORLD
PafafP D 0N ' T f AIL TO
1 C1UIWV gce beautiful'
, . .,- j COURT Lounging;
/I fid ">•*": <*" EMPIRE
uuu parlor, the
r> J PALM ROOM, th«
linifld LOUIS XV PAR.
UiailU LOR, and the LA-
n A . < DIES' WRITINQ
Botels room-
A OTU &A A EsiMSESSft:
" ¦¦¦¦¦¦ ¦anTwher*. No farther n««d ol
A.Uhm»»ndil»jF»rer. P. Wni^ja Tl%T~4 _'ff'"«W1«^ fT .1.
AMPBEMJSXTS.
TIV0LISS5&
SECOND WEEK AND TREMENDOUS
.' . SUCCESS.
When Johnny
Conies Marching Home.
A Military Spectacular Comic Opera by Stan-
islaus Stange and Julian Edwards.
Martial Music! Picturesque Scenery! North-
ern Soldiers and . Southern Sweethearts!'
MATINEE SATURDAT.
Usual Popular Prices 25c. 50e and 75c
Box Seats ...3 , $1.00
MAT. SATURDAY — Last Three Ttlsht*.
The Pretty Pastoral Drama
ONE NIGHT IN JUNE
lA/Hlleam J. Holmes
And an Excellent Cast
Beginning NEXT SUNDAY MATINEE
IA/. H. TURNER V
In a SDlendld Production of
DAVID HARUM
. USUAL. POPULAR PRICES
CALIFORNIA
jp-sa THIS WEEK, bei^
The Successful Melodrama .
BTHEFATALWEDDiNGl
|1 NEXT MONDAY NIGHT. M
n L.IEBER & CO.'S megnincent pro- II
S ;".V. ductlon of Hall Calne's Power- 5*
IJ ful Play. H
1 THE ETERNAL CITY 1
m With EDWARD . MOIIGAN and the H
Gj| Entire Brilliant New York Cast H
?:! Special Music by Mascasnl. - 1
2, SEATS NOW ON SALE. J^
HEAR THEM SINO "IF WE WERE RUN-
NING THE TOWN.'*
It we were running the town — also the courts,
of course.
There would be much more of marriage and
much le«s of divorce.
We would tax' all single men, on kidless homes
' we'd frown — ; .
Population wcu!d fiyrrease if ve were running
¦ the town. , , ¦.".-.:
- Another of the Hits In
THE BEAUTY SHOP
The' Charming Funny Musical Comedy. That
Has Actually Become the Talk •.;;,
' . of "Frisco."
Too Many Good Things to Find Space to Enu-
¦...'¦"' raerate.
Our Cast of "Real Stars." ... ,
Matinees ¦ Saturday and Sunday.OAKIkAKP BAOETBAOK— WEDNESDAY, Jan. 20— Weather fine. Track heavy.
5780. FIRST RACE— Seven furlongs; gelling; 4-year-oldg and up; value to first. 1325.
ln<li*] ' Hors« and Owner. Wt St. >4 . hi. 7*. Str. Fin. Jockey. I Op. Cl.
«H» Flaneur. 6 (C. McCafferty) . . 94 5 1 1'41 1 1 % 1 n 1 1 Hildebrand 4^ 3
6.28 Optimo, 6 (D. F. Blakecnan) 100 9 7 2 4 1 *» n 4 n 2 m Foley «T 8
5e«. Sugden. a (V/. H. McN'amcB) 104 4 8.tftf3 5S 53 34 Bell 2 5-2
r»,2S( First Chip, 4 (Fitzgerald)..'.. 100 7 2 122 2 1 3 1^42 J. Daly 5-2 9-2
5718 Mesto.; 4 (A. Schulx) 04 8 6 1»43 % 4 li/,2 h 5 1 R. Wilson.. 40 10O
5111 Doreen. 5 . (Bottger . & Co.).. 06 :s - 5. 1 71 «^i«5 «n Oliphant... 15 20
5742 EH Filar. 6 (A. A Haskell).. 101*! 1 4 n 84 7 5 74 76 |\V. Dugan.. 8<t 100
.0718- The Miller, a (G. P. McNeil) 9S « 3^5 185 88 8 15 [Larson 6 >' 8'
5720 Tamm. 4 (W. P. Magrane). . 10u| 2 a '-» -. » . 9 » [W. Coieman 15 6()
Time— :24. :5O>4. 1:17. l:30>;. At post Vi minute. Oft at 2:12>4. Flaneur, place. 7-0;
show. 3-5.- Optimo place.' 2; show, 4-5. Sugden. show 2-5 Winner, br. g. by Bramble-
Promenade. Trained by C. McCafferty. Scratched— Prince Blazes. Lady Kent, Quiet.
Start good. Won in a drive of three. Second appearance of Flaneur was more success
ful. Away better, Optimo would have vron. Sugden received a weak ride. First Chip
gone back. _
5787. SECON'D RACK— Three and a half furlongs; purse; 3-year-olds; value to first, $325.
Index Horse and Owner. Wt|St. V*. • li.', ?4- Str. Fin. Jockey. I Op, Cl.
6655 Peggy O'Xeil (P.. a. Smith) 107 5 ....... 2 4 1 h 1 >i Larsen- 2 2
6751 Henry Ach (B. Schretber).. . m 3,... ....14 2 8 2 0 Burns . 3-5 4-5
6761 Golden Idol (H K Rowell). 110 4 ... ... 4 1',J3 3 S- (J. Martin... 15 20
6761 Gloomy Gus (B. & W.) 104 7 ...' ... 5 14 1 4 3 Bell ...j... SO 6O
5751 Neva Lee (Gregory & Co.)..|103 « ...... 7 2 6 2 5 1 Kuni ..*.... ,30 30.
Dixelle (A. T. Dobson) •?.... 110 8 ...;... » 72 « Hi Butler 15 60
.... Calculate (Blaeingame Bros.) 113 ....... 8 2 8 0 7 21/4 Hoar 13 -30
Tar Baby (San Joaquln Sta.) 110 2 ...... 3 h 5h 8 8 Haock • 20 40
5751 Plrella (Mrs. C. B. Miller). ¦ 105 1 6 n 9 9 Hildebrand | » 6 8
Time — :23?i. :42%. At post 1 minute. Off at 2:42. Peggy, place.. 2-r.; show. out. Ach,
place. 1-3; show. out. Idol show, 3. Winner, b.' I. by King Willlam'-Cieodora. Trained
by R.- A. -'Smith. Start fair. -Won In a hard drive of two.. Third easily. Henry -Ach
stopped badly the last part. Had no excuses, for Burns got him away flying. .Peggy
O'Xeil is game and consistent. Gloomy Gus brightened- up a bit. Pirella hemmed in
on the rail.
57S8. -THIRD RACE— Six and a half furlongg; gelling; 4-year-old» and up; to flrit, <32S.
I no ex Horse and Owner. Wt St. \i . . >£. .«»•¦ Str.. Fin. ., Jockey. Op. Cl.
(6760) Hainault. 5 (Thomas & Co.). 104 3221n In In lh Kuna 8-5 2
5633 Muresca; 5 (Mrs. Miller)... 97 4 1 n 2 2^2 1%» 5 2 3. Hildebrand 5 11-2
658C Nervator, 4 (Boots & Co.).. 102 2 B !4 3 2 34 2n 3 8 Larsen S-2 7-5
5680 Albemarle, 4 (E. Tlerney).. 09 1 6n 4h 4 1 4 1%4 2U. Oliphant ... : 5 6
4671 Aita Peggy. 4 (San Joaquln) 100 6 7 US11J5 \(, 5 5' Foley .;... 40 100
4019 Kermit .5 (J. Long) 112 7 3 '4 5 h- « 3 6 2 6 n W. Xbrvaez 60 200
6574 J. II. Bennett. 4 (Romlgh).. 105 5 4h 7 7 7 7 IW.Pugati.. 20 25
Time — :2*1»;. :4Si/4. 1:15 1:22. At post 3',-i minutes. OK at 8107^4; • 'Hainault. place. 3-5:
show. 1-4 Muresca place 8-5; show. 3-5. Xprvator, show, -1-4. -Winner, -.or. g. by
Carlo-Llbbertlfllbbet Trained by J. Reavey. Scratched — Lan«downe # iFalr Lady Anna.
YelloWBtone Bard Burns Mimo. Start good. "Won in a drive of -three. Hainault liked
the going and ran came'ly. Race was run just to suit Nervator. but he could not over
haul the pacemakers.- Albemarle ran a cheap race., •. : . - ._••-¦>•>¦ » .* ¦
B78O. FOURTH RACE — One mile; Owners* handicap; 3-year-olds and tip;' to Hrst. $500.
In<if:x Horse and Owner. Wt St. >i . *i . *i . 8tr. Fin. j \ Op. Cl.
574~ Claude 4 (M. J. Daly) 80 2 2 2%2 1>41 1>J1 1 ' lMil^'. jTJaly. .. 4 18-6
5741 Fossil 4 (Parker & Co.)..«3. 85-1-1 »i 11 2 5 2 0 .2 8 Hildebrand 8-5; 3-f.
(5717) Faulconhridge. 1 (Housgman) 80 3 3 3 3 3 8 ¦' |Qfe«nfleld .7-2 -4
Time— :25U :50, 1:15 ,1:41>4. -At pest U minute. Off at 3:2»'i. '• Claude, place. 4-5.
Fossil, place out.' Winner, b. h. by Llssak-Llda H. Trained by. M. J. Daly. Start
good Won pulling up Second driving. ""Claude ridden wide, but In the best going. He
walked past Fossil on the far turn. Like Fossil, Faulconbridge -was ridden in the
' poorest going. _'„ 1 - „ -—"— n
5700. FIFTH RACE— One and a quarter miles; selling; 4-year-olds and r up; to first. $325.
Indrx •' lloTfP, and Owner" JWtlSt.Std. Vt- ?i- Str. . Fin. } ..Jockey. \ Op. Cl.
tt754 Bvronerdale 4 <3 Crane).. SO 4 In 3 1-2jlln-12 JKiinz 5 -7
5765 ChTckadel 5 (McC.fferty). .. . 100 1 5 V, <J h ,6 f/,'1 H f » Hildebrand 7-5 17-10
5742 Expedient a (P. E. Smith).. |107 5 8 6 8 2074 6 h S 1>&|J. Martin. .. * 9-2
5742 Past Master. 4(C. P. Fink).. 100 7 S h 5 13 17 4 4 1 Foley ..... 12 16
B742 Lapidu? 5 (M. J. Daly).:.. 97 3 2 % 1 % 1 n 3,^52 W.. ,Daly... 4 6
5742 Augle 0 (Capps & Co.). . ...1102 2 0 >i 7 n. 4h 4 n 6 8 Oliphant... 12 20
B7S9 Poloniuj. 4 (Stewart & Co.).. 102 6 7 4 4 1 fin 5n>78 I ?**» •"• * *
5742 Be Happy a (J Green) 100 9 9' 0 0 •» 8 2 Wright ... 60 10O
572C Cap a b?e PP 4- (Moshler & Co).. 99 8 4 n 2 h 8 25 8 4 » ¦ |C. Smith... 60 100
Time— :25 :50^i 1:17% 1.44, 2:11. At post 2 minutes. Off at y 3^5J». Byronerdale. place.
6-2- show 7-5. Chickadee, place. 4-S; show, 1-S, Bxpedlent. show. 4>5 Winner, b. g.
by Jim Gbre-Brlganra. Trained by J. Dlson. Start good.- Won ,fa«!\y Next two
driving. Winner was played and ran a shifty race. With better racing luck Chickadee
might have won. Expedient appears to more advantage on a : fast track. Lapidus
warmed up «°re*"'*''™'-J^>!'^
57t»l. SIXTH RACE — Seven furlongg; pur3e; 3-year-old>; value to first. $325.
In€i exj ; Horse and Owner. jWtlst. U. V,. »j. Str. Fin, p J<«*ey- i »P- Cly
w" Formatter (Boot« * Co.)....10« 4*5 .4 3 4 10 1 Hil »^ Wonderly. . 3-2 11-5
BtS Kanno r n\K°nebelkan 1 p).....100 dfeVgl »*i«'»-j-J fl\Zn""- = 1 3^4
(5727) Military Man (Ferguson).... 112 ft 3 2«i2 h 3 h r n .17 Larsen ... 1 3-4
(5.TO) Red Cross Nurse (Drown)... lup 2 11 1 2^,1 ?4 -} h 4 U J. VfW—' « ;{
.... Silicate (W. B. Jennlng.)... 102 « 4 n ft 5 5 5 J Martin... U 40
5U7O |Et Tu Brute (J. J. Moran)..| 99] 1 » Hi.debrand « 10
Time— -24*i -50 l:16*i, l:2i>a«. At post 1 minute. Off at 4:24. ForfnaVter. glace. 4-5:
l-'3 bungannon. place. 8; show. 2. Man. show. out. Wlnber. ch. c by Brutus -
Forira Trained by CM HoJIenbeck. Start good. Won rldflen out. -Xext two driving.
Formaster was carried out by Et Tu Brute the first -part of it. - losing • coiwidorable
ground Military Man in d^ep golnir. stopped badly In the stretch. Dungannon ran an
txcelknt race. Nurse quit. *Ran out. ; ; ;
During the first six months of 1903
the imports of Egypt amounted to
$37,364,045 and the exports to $43,
986,685.
Hard Lack of German Editor.
German papers must not deal with .
army affairs in a spirt of irony. A '
lieutenant in Halle was sentenced to
fourteen days' imprisonment for
thrashing his orderly. A socialistic
paper commented on the fact in a
facetious manner. What was to be
come of the army and its officers if a
lieutenant had to suffer disgrace be
cause he beat his orderly? The edi
tor sot six weeks.
One New York young woman — it is
perhaps needless to specify her col
lege — exploits the theory that if
"Hamlet" had been the matinee at
Chicago' instead of an extravaganza
the life loss would have been small.
Her argument is that a "Hamlet"
crowd is a reasoning one, not to be
stampeded by even the most trying
circumstances, and of the Iroquois
would have got itself out in an orderly
nianner. There is perhaps something
in this claim that the life loss at a
"Hamlet" matinee would have been
smaller than at "Bluebeard," but for
reasons different from those put for
ward by the college young woman:
the attendance might have been 200;
it certainly would not have been 2000.
—New York Commercial Advertiser.
She Blames Women for Panics.
All went well with the brand new
black official until a captain }n the
navy. Count Bernsdorff. passed that
way.. His eye fell on the gentleman of
color, whose appearance seemed to
shock him. The Count is one of the
strongest advocates of the well known
patriotic cry, "Germany for the Ger
mans'." He immediately registered
a formal protest against the presence
there, in the German uniform, of the
ever-smiling darky. He called for his
dismissal. "No Government official
had a right to be black," wrote he. —
Paris Herald.
The color question, whicfl, I be
lieve, has not hitherto been raised in
Germany, comes ud in the following
manner. Of late passengers from the
Potsdamer Bahnhof have been not a
little surprised to see a very highly
polished negro, decked in a brand
new uniform (brass buttons complete)
of a railroad company. Passengers
viewed this gentleman of color with
mingled feeling?, according to their
humors. , The ladies seemed to ad
mire him,' the children were amused,
the men said "Donnerwetter!" Poli
ticians asked, "Is this the- advance
guard of the American danger?" And
the negro smiled good-naturedly and
with impartiality upon all of them.
The Color Qnestion in Germany.
The great public interest In that
newest and most romantic of the ele
ments, radium was shown by the
crowded audience assembled at the
Camera Club recently to hear a lec
ture by T. C. Porter, science master at
Eton, on the subject.
Mr. Porter showed in a delightfully
concise and simple "manner how fun
damentally our conception of the
atomic structure of the universe has
been changed by recent scientific in
vestigations. Beginning with Dal
ton's conception of an ultimate indi
visable atom, and an impassable gulf
between element and element, he went
on to sketch the investigations of Pro- •
fessor J. J. Thomson as to the cath
ode rays in a Crookes tube, and the
reasons for assuming them to be neg
atively charged particles or electrons
a. thousand times smaller than the
atom, shot out from it with velocity
comparable with that of light.
Roentgen's discovery of the rays set
in motion by these particles, the find
ing of similar waves emitted by ura
nium by M. Becquexeh the isolation of
the still more active radium by M. anil
Mme. Curie, and Rutherford ami Sod
dy's experiments as to the breakdown
by successive stages of thorium and
radium, were in turn dealt with. Mr.
Porter then showed how not only ra
dium, but in a less degree many of the
common substances of dally life, were
composed of atoms gradually breaking
down by the emission of electrons into
less active substances, finally coming
to such elements as helium, xenon,
krypton, argon and neon, whose "bach
elor atoms" had no apparent affinity
for anything. The great theory which
seemed to be dawning was that of the
unity of the basis of all matter, a com
mon substance of which the ele/ments
were but visible forms.
The "bombardment" of radium elec
trons on a blende screen was shown in
a tube, and Mr. Martin Duncan showed
slides of the effect on a photographic
plate of a radio-active mineral.— Lon-^
don News. ; ."*
.- » - , '
Its Behavior Tends to Show the Unity
of the Basis of AU
. Matter.
ROMANCE OF RADIUM
THE "BACHELOR ATOM"
One effect of Mr. "Williams' visit has
been that a perfect understanding has
been reached as to the relations which
shall exist between the tracks con
trolled by him and that of the local as
sociation. %Vhen the Ascot associa
tion was formed Williams was thought
to be unfriendly to it, but his present
trip to Los Angeles has removed what
ever friction there may have existed
and both tracks being members of the
same general association the rulings
upon one will be respected upon the
other. , -^ ..
It has been publicly announced that
Mr. Williams' visit was purely social,
a visit which any racing magnate
might pay to any new track and that
it had no significance, but to-night cer
tain directors of the Ascot Park cor
poration admitted he had hoped to se
cure all or a portion of the stock owned
by the late John A. Muir. He did not
secure that or any other stock in the
association. ..
LOS 'ANGELES, Jan. 20.— President
T. H. Williams of the New California
Jockey Club came here two days ago
accompanied by a legal adviser, and
from inquiries made . bj| him It was
thought he was desirous of securing
a financial interest in the new Ascot
Park racetrack.
He left to-night on the owl train for
San Francisco without having accom
plished his . purpose, if that was his
pumose, for he found the Ascot asso
ciation a close , corporation . with the
stock in such hands that he could not
secure a sufficient numoer of shares
to enable him to be a factor in its busi
ness. . -
The Eugenes leave for Los Angeles
to-day. They will meet the Los An
geles team on Saturday in the last of
a series of games for the coast cham
pionship. Th2 southern men are In
the lead in the games already played.
G. Eacret. 225; Harry Leap, 23 S;
Arthur Thorpe, 220; Al Shave, 204;
TV. A. Birdsall, 200. The score for
three games was 983, 891 and 1107.
also a coast record.
The Eugene bowling team establish
ed two new coast records last night
in a tournament game with the Gold
en West team on the California alleys.
They rolled up a score of 1107 points,
as against 1067 points, the former
record, held by the California Club.
The American record, held by an
Eastern team, ia 1165 points.
The individual scores of the play
ers follows:- ¦•_
They Will Meet the Los Angeles
Men in the Last of a Series
of Games for Championship
Southern Magnates Seem Satis
fied With Their Investment
in the Los' Angeles Track
NO STOCK IS FOB "SALE
TEA3I GOES SOUTH TO-DAY
Perfect Understanding Exists
Between President Williams
and the Ascot Park People
Crack Bowlers of This City
Koll Up a Splendid Score in
a Eegular Tournament Game
RACING CLUBS
ARE IN ACCORD
COAST RECORD
FOR EUGENES
""The Buddhists are building temples
in. many parts" of ; the Sandwich
ands,; and the ; membership is ; running
into '.the -thousands." 'In some - -.places
churches 'which were built for .Chris
tian' Ja banesc were taken over by
Buddhists. "• .• ':
JlIDDI.ESBORO..Ky.'," J«n. 20. — Lee Turner,
proprietor, of ¦ the • '•Quarterhouie," who was
ch«rgre<i with having ¦ killed . D«puty f5j»rlff
ChArlea Cecil. In the famous* "Quarterhouse"
battl«, j was acquitted -by the Grand Jury to
day.: ••; ,; v >,/ ¦¦ . • ,;••/ ¦ -..-., .-.;• •;,
v MILWAUKEE, u Wis, Jan. 20.— Four ChineM
who ar« : without ;th«s-_ certificates .'required by
the I Chinese ¦ exclusion I act were I arrested here
! to-day-by-Oeputy-Unlted-States- Marshal-Wal
lon Dearborn of San Francisco. -
OAKLAND,. Jan.' 20.— The ; Seiger-
Cordell ; fight '"scheduled for "the Reli
ance Club for - to.-morrow night has
been postponed to. the-27th>inst., Sei
ger being. unable to, get down' to the
weight required.: ;'..' .
Fight Postpohed. One } Week.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 20.— In the
billiard tournament now in progress
in this city ¦. Slgourney of > San Fran
cisco defeated Kehniston of Los An
geles 300 to 53; Wright. of San Fran
cisco defeated Cai-ne'y 300 to 206. In
a practice game Splnks
made" the~phenomenal average of 80
in a 400-pointgame. 4 ; . . . ' : t •
Slgburney Defeats Kcnhist on.
Boston Wants No :: More Boxing.
BOSTON, Jan. 20.^ — In -connection
with '.: the arrest last •' night •; of ¦ "Joe
Choynski and Kid- Carter, who boxed
at the Criterion. Athletic' Club, ori the
charge of mutual assault, •• Chairman
"William H. H. -EmmonsoS the Police
Board announced "to-day that it was
the intention" of "*tlie" D'oard" to purge
the -city of what he called prize fight
ing. \ When Choynski and Carter and
the others were arrested on the charge
of aiding and abetting a prize fight
appeared in the Municipal Court to
day " their cases 'were -.continued • at
their renuest-untiMo-rnorrow.--
t SACRAMENTO, Jan. 20.— A new
baseball league was launched in this
rity last nieht. The organization will
he known as the California State Base
ball League, and will be composed of
teams representing Snn Jose, San
Francisco. Oakland. Stockton, Lodi
and Sacremento. The following offi
cers were elected: President, Frank
Herman. San Francisco; vice pres
ident, Cy Moreing, Stockton; secre
tary, H. H. Devine. Sacramento; treas
urer, B. C. Ireland. Oakland.
Now liascball League.
SAX JOSE. Jan. 20. — The Santa
Clara County Kennel Club will hold a
bench show in this city the last week
in April. There are many fine dogs
owned in this city and county, and the
exhibition promises to be one of the
best given in the State. Application
has been made to the Pacific Kennel
League for membership. Turn Verein
Hall has been chosen as the place for
holding the show. A committee, 'con
sisting of Norman Stewart. H. W. Bo-
Ken, Miss. Delia Beach and.M. Perry,
has been appointed to arrange for. the
Bench Show for San .lose.
Seventy-two entrieb of greyhounds
were accepted, last , niglit. for this
week's stake at Union Courfeing Park.
The stake will be run' in its entirety
on Sunday. The draw last night re
sulted as follows: ¦/:•'¦'- >
' Snapper Garrison vb. ;Free ! ; From Flaw; Lily
Wright vs. Ren :Kadet Apache: Klttleman vs.
The Referee: Mount Rbsetva. Comstock: Sem
pronlUs vs. Free Borrt; Oar Motto -vs. Libera
tor; Ml Amlso vs. Hudson;. Nlobe vs. .Van
Alba; Reta S vs. Racing- Auto; Fenli v«.
Dartaway; Ion« Hill vi.* r Anchor; fexas Hoo
Hoo vs. 1'eDDer IIIU: M'fldUsame vs. J E II;
Lilac vs. .Duhallow: Palo Alto vs. Silver Cloud;
Kastlake vs. 1-ord Gr«r.»rd: Oralna . ya. Miss
Or«en; Gllmore Girl vs. Melrose; Cubanola va.
Charming 'rhouaht; McHenry vs. Ragtime;
Advertiser vs." Shadow; 'Blond Beauty vs. Maid
ot tH« Glen; Haughty Helen vs.sPftthflnder;
Don Pedro vs. Adonlaj LepA vs. John Hee
nan; Clarice vs. Doris: HUnhazard vs.. Gam
bit; Bill Dujan vs. Donny brook; - Vandal -vs.
Imperious; Apple Blcatonr vs. Irvlnltton ¦ Tra
lee; Ruby Sankey. vs. . PreClta Maid: Helen
Hayes jva. Sir Pasha;" Rector vs. Maid- o" Gow
rle; Advance Guard vs.. Falr-Tralee; -Balen
dlne vs. Sea I.ion: Woodland Belle vs. Texas
Jim. • . - '/.¦'¦;••'/''; •, \- • • ¦
Palo Alto, Rector ,"antl Otlier Flyers
In the Riinnins This
' Flr( , t race— Seven furlongs; three-year-olds
and uu; eeMnir. . . fl ,
6522 'BaBsenzc (W alz) ••••••;•••":
5775 Ubbie Candid (Apnleby & Co.) »^
C70:» Facts (Barker) f*
578f> El PilHr (Haskell) ]yr
6705 Ponator. (Mulholland) *"
5704 Lou Clieveden (McDowell) • »»;
5760 'Harbor (Rowell) - - - - ?^
•Oentelle d'Or (Hamilton stable) b
5«C« Theron (McAullffe) . : }"*
6f0iT HunKarian (Dunn & Co.) ••• 'i\r
6C90 Emily Oliver (Clark) *«}
5726 '•Penance (McCarthy) /•
Second race — Three and a half furlongs;
two-year-olds: sellini;: ¦. -.,.'•-- - . •
67(T. *L.tah (Lynch) J"*
6763 •Escobosa (Stewart & Co.) i«w
6763 Eduardo (Burns & Waterhouee) HO
.... Dlng-Dong (Boots) '• llJ
(Brutus-Nabette.) .
C7CT, Ilaramanda (Schreiber) >}"
B763 Arlsbe (Napa stock farm) "w
5715 Mogregor (Blanchl & Co.) 1JJ»
56»l Willa (Dobson) 4J™
57«J "Del Carina (Smith) ]'£
«Sea Air (Miller) • • • • • . — 10
(Pirate of Penzance-Fragrance.)
Third race— Five and a half furlonfi; three
year-olds; selling: . . „
5523 *Forei!t Fire (McCabe) ••••• J^
5634 'Miss Ringlets (Young) ••••••• 1%;
S57O 'The Hawaiian (Figaro stable) .. 104
5400 TrlxleCEl Prlmero stable) . 100
5727 Morello R- (Graff ort & Co.) 100
Inspector Munro (Cox) J^J
5775 Quaker ! Gfrl (Rogers) ™i
6739 "St. Tusef (Summers) j>«
5739 »Targette (Fountain) £»
5650 Gene Handlan (Schreiber) J w
5775 Scherzo (Pueblo stable) «»$
..-:. 'Prineemont (Fitzgerald) "...
Fourth race— One mile and fifty yards; 3
year-olds nnd up; purse: . • ,.
5778 Wanwitt (Yeager) ....... «* 1C3
5775 Klelr.wood (Moshler & Co.).. •'•••,XS
6T17 Oarsman (Kempner) J 0 *
5767 Soothsayer (Lamasney Bros.) 10"
-5727 Hugh McGowan (Rowell) ,91
5717 Grafter tBlatingame). . 1<™
564C Pachuca <Napa Stock Farm) • ••• 89
Fifth race— Futurity course; 3-year-old« and
up; purse: '
5753 Princess Titanla (Young) 100
57Cfi Reeves (Lamasney Bros.)....... 104
57ft! - Letola (Jenningu & Co.) S7
: 5535 .Casclne (Burns &,W"aterhouse). ....... 09
- Sixth race— Seven furlongs; "-year-olds and
.up;: celling:
5762 Coroner Kel Icy (Bender & Co.).. 02
07(50 1 'Nullah (McKenzle) 100
.1702 Dorice-iSchreiber) ...^ »•
&76S Albemarle (Tlerncy) .........104
5779 'Bill Massif (McAlester). ....:..,'.... .102
WrtO Mountebank (Keating & Co.)...' 107
C75+ Ethel Abbott (Miller). R7
•5777 *Silurlan i.Latnasncy Bros.). .....'.... .102
. p i7:tf> Rard Burns (Fountain) ............... 110
r.71(l *Alta G (Mrs. Hertzell). ............. 'J7
5710 Harrj' Thatcher (Mr*.- Hastings);..' 107
5692 •Rollick' (Jones) .102
PBOBAELE WINNERS.
Tirst race — 3Smlly Oliver, Kun?ari«.a,
iibble CkxlOUL./
Second race — Aritbe, Dinjr Don*, R*)f
amanAa. . • . . .
Third race— Miss . BinsrletB, Tarjrette,
Qeno Handlcn.
Ponrtli raoo — Oarsman, WMwift,
Soothsayer.'
Tifth rao»— Caicine, Letola, Ktovtu.
Sixth race — Bollick, Bard Burns, Si
lurian. * ¦ "¦ s~
ENTRIES FOR TO-DAY.
SEVEXTY-TWO J GREYHOUNDS
IX IIXIOX- PARK STAKE
I>aiigliter «f Tenny Has to • Be De
stroyed — Itla I'enzance Also
I'aially Injured.
NEW ORLEANS. Jan. 20. — Tioga
broke her leg 1 in the fifth race and
was destroyed. Ida Penzance ran
into the fence during exercise this
morning and was ao badly injured
that it was necessary to destroy her.
Summary:
FIri't race, fix and a half furlonrs — Neither
One »c.i. Mirk liumf second, Miladi Love
third. Time. 1 :2O 2-2>. I Banana Cream fin
ished second, bui was dlscjualifled tat fouling.
Second raov, three furlooea, tw^o-year-olds —
All Scarlet won, Fair Carynao second. Danc
ing Nun third. Time. :36 2-5.
Tiiird race, s»51:r.5. fix and a ha'f furlongs —
Hrn Howard won, ICmlgre second, Icicle third.
Time. 1 :2O :i-5.
Fourth race, tlx furlonsr» — Asr-ension won,
Saddscee ccond, Mornintc Star third. Time,
1 :12 1-5. i
J-'jfth race, six and a half furlong*, selling —
O\cr Asain won. Annie Mas second, Mayor
JclmFcn third. Time, 1:19 1-5.
.Sixth race, (fle and flve-el&hth/mlle« — Major
?Jan«ir wen. Stonewall second. Boaster third.
Time, 2:l!t :t-5. ,-..:.
TIOGA BREAKS A LEG
IX XKW ORLEANS RACE
Fast Game of Football Is Expected
When Clubs Meet at the Pre
siilio Grounds.
La Union football team and the
rleven from the field battery of the
light artillery now stationed at the
Presidio will me*t in their Fecond an
nual match nt the Presidio athletic
grounds at 10:30 o'clock on Sunday
morning. A great game is expected,
as both teams have b^en training: hard
for the game and are in the ben co\
•lition. The winner will be awarded
« silver cup. The teams will line up
as follows:
Fi«>M Battery. Iji Vni.m Club.
O. K. John? I,:— K.— K...S«-oundino Ma
la, Sam ll&rpc-r
A. II. Chocin L — T.— H A. O. Wen,
L. D. Fmltti
Wc-Oulloueh I..— G.— n Conradi
-T. E. Gomiiiftn . . . . •>nt'-r J. de JUri
&. A. Reynolds U.— C— I J. Sullivan
£tnlth. I?. — "]*. — L. ntzsimmons
SIcDowfi: n. — E.—L.. . -Chic' O'Con
nor
Coccarn Quarterback. ..Clyde Simp
son. Tom O'.s'eill
S^hin* L.— H.— R...E. Weber. O.
Wen5;osky
T«*«an. .' H. — U. — L.. Dennis irapt.)
F.tutie l"ulll>/Tk l*inn.»(ran
LA UNIONS H1IX I»I.AV
FIELD BATTERY ELEVEN*
Flxth race. c;i«- mile and seventy yardc, sell
ing — CIreenock. J23 (Prior). 1 to H, won; Farmer
Jim. 124 <Robmson>. 3 to 1. second: .Martin
Brsoy 121 <J. Booker), 10 to 1, third.' Time,
1 AS. Huh Prather also ran. ' •
Fifth race. Slauson r-ourse, selling- — Dollie
Weithofl. 102 (Buxton). 9 to 1. won: Laocoon.
5W (Knapp). 12 to 1, second: J.- V. Kirby, 102
(K. Walsh), ti to 1. third. Time. 1:11. Jerry.
Vlaplguri, Valmar. Piquet. Cardwellton and
Thf Covenanter also ran.
Dolly Weithoff came to life in the
fifth race and won easily at 10 to 1.
Laocoon beat J. V. Kirby for the place.
Cardwellton was played off the boards
and finished outside the money. *
Greenock was a 1 to 3 favorite for
the last race and won galloping from
Farmer Jim, with Martin Brady third.
SUMMARY.
First race, fix furlong*— Me Am. 129 (Bux
ton) T to 1 won: Silver Fiz. 128 (Mile*). SO to
J. s-cond; ipea forth. 129 (Mountain), UO to^l.
tni-d Time l:lTTi.- Innar, Mariel. Meta III,
Kgg Nor, I^idy Rire. ¦Uppwcut and Mainspring
also ran. *
Second race, six and a half furlongs, selling —
Viirad. 102 <Buxton). 1« to 1, won: Huapata.
]<X» (K. Walfh). B to 2. second; Strife, 105
tSniLpp), 7 to I. ihird. Time. 1:2::. Xeko and
Klie al^o ran. .. ... *f ' .
Third mv, Slauaor. course, selling — Colonel
Bcgfj- JS» <J. J^wia). 7 to.k won : .. L<aur.etta
Phillip*. OO (Anderson). 5 to 1. second; Judge
Naplon 102 (Lawrence), 7 to 1. third. Time,
t:tt& Nina M U Paddy B.'Ksculate, Japa
lak aiid N'at Goodv.-jn also ran. .
Fouifh rare, one and a sixteenth miles', free
handicap— Prtnoets, Tulane. 102 <K. Walsh). 3
to 1, won; Ocean Drtam. 103 fPhUllpe), 10 to
1 second; M. F. Tarpey. 102 (Redfern), 4 to 1.
tiiird. Time. l:*e»». C. B. Campbell and
Chub also ran.
A free handicap for a purse of $600
brought out a good field for the fourth
race at one and a sixteenth miles. Chub
ruled a redhot favorite, but was never
in thj running. Ocean Dream set a
warm pace, with Princess Tulane well
up. Tulane went to the » front in the
last fifty yards, winning by half a
length, Ocean Dream Lsing second and
M. F. Tarpey third. The time was
l:46?i, which is the track record for the
distance.
The second event went to t!ie longest
shot In the race, Anlrad Seating: Hua
fpala, the favorite, with Strife third.
Colonel Bogey, the favorite, Lau
retta Phillips and Judge Napton fin
ished in the order named for the third
race over the Slauson course.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 20.— A cold
wind blew across the snow-covered
mountains to-day and made it dis
agreeable for the small attendance at
the races. Two out of six favorites
won. The .feature of the day was a
free handicap at one and a sixteenth
miles, which went to Princess Tulane.
Ocean Dream carried the winner the
first mile In 1:40 3-5 and got the place,
with Jtf- F. Tarpey third.
MacAna, a well-played second choice,
won the first race from an ordinary
field in slow time. Silver Fii. at 30 to
1, was second and Seaforth third.
It is claimed that Sullivan, who
foupht Bergrer. was a professional. He
is said to have fought McVey eight
rounds in Los Angeles.
An effort will be made to haw the
"amateur" clul>s promote their exhi
bitions in their own gymnasiums here
after, as the city boxing ordinance re
cjuires. The management of clubs hav
iag gymnasiums object to their rivals
having the advantage of the larger
audiloriurr, where the receipts war
rant $300 purses, while the rules allow
only ?35 trophies.
Touns Corbett is anxious to make a
match with Dave Sullivan for Febru
ary. H* does not think it will inter
fere •with his engagement with Britt.
It is th*» gossip among sporting resorts
that Britt and Corbett are each to re
ceive a bonus of 10 per cent of tho
pross receipts of their fight. This runs
the total purse up to 85 per cent, which
Leaves but little profit for the promot
ing club.
The "amateur" fights ot the Lincoln
Athletic Club at Mechanics' Pavilion
Tuesday night drew 53340 at the gate.
This is the record house for this class
of entertainment, the previous best
being $1700.
As a preliminary Greggains has
matched Al Xeill and the Dixie Kid, a
colored boxer. The Kid has been trying
for some time to get a match with Joe
V."aloott, whicTi is an indication of the
estimate he places on his ability.
TIip fights will be held in Mechanics'
Pavilion.
Hanlon will go into training to-day at
Alaraeda. He wiJl not go at it hard, as
all he needs is to get his breathing ap
paratus in good nrdor. Broad, who
fights week in and week out. will be in
condition. The m<»n are to meet at
catch weight?, so there will be no trou-
Me on that score.
Broad is at New Orleans and will start
Tor this city to-day. He has fought all
the featherweights of prominence dur
ing the past five years. The list in
cludes Young Corbett, Terry McGovern,
Oeorge Dixon. Dave Sullivan, Tim Cal
laghan, Abe Attell and Herrera, He
wag knocked out by the latter in four
rounds at Butte last June. This was
the first time he had ever been knocked
out.
Manager Alex Greggains of the San
Francipco Athletic Club matched Eddie
Hanlon and Kid Broad last night to
tight twenty rounds one week from to
niorow night. .
Captures the Fifth Number at
Ascot at Liberal Odds, Defeat
ing: Laocoon and J. V. Kirby
The sport at Oakland is certainly in
a .flourishing condition. Twenty-six
books cut in yesterday.
Kunz was the only rider to put two
winners across the plate.
The following . are the weights for
the Lissak handicap at one mile. It
will be run on Saturday and will be
worth more than $4000:
Proper .... 127 Lacy Crawford. ....100
Shotgun 124 Solon 100
Argregor 1-0 Eonlc .. 9»
Claude HO Byron Kose -0 •
Kenilworth US IHowaho^ 89
Corrigan 118 Forest King 93
Lucien Appleby . . . .118 Dotterel 90
Oarsman 118 l iod J cxl J? ,. *>
Cunard .< Ii7 Lord Melbourne .. 99
Dr. Boyle 116 Jarretlerre d'Or. . . »3
a.«._ ¦ ii« Grafter 98
£*"!?¦ - "& Barklylte «8
m «??»« 114 L«nsdowne 98
Honlton "*, »r_.H«« oo
Beau Ormonde 113 Emshee •••••••••,••• »|
A a a !\::::::::::^^--'v::::v;:;:
k$gr..:::::::::tf» par Prlnc "»- »*
\> aswift lwsl vr i „,•__- no
Sidney C. Love....lC8« l ™ or » •¦¦-•••• »|
Royal Roeue * « fi d y ' K JJi* OS
Krr^.:::::^H^ :;:;:::;:
>***£**£ •••••• • jgl Harry Seek ' I '. '. ! ! ! .* 97
Martinrr.su, 10. Allopath „
**•"» Tk JS^-Pirateer 97
M»»«f d }06 Multary Man . rn
B-7««S "' Toto Gratiot ....... 07
Dlvina 105 aond O ,uV 00
Whisky Klr. B 105 fi^?d °r Mark ' " " " " 9C
Prince*. Tltanla Slriffi*g$*!S&3£zA'*
2?« Fo JS v-J^'Sacredus 9fl
t-v«a O jjm. Avenger 96
The Fretter 103 Instructor, 05
Rfckaway •«» George Berry ....! i>5
Alfredo .....UK. Huntressa ..... 9S
£et«5 J •••••J02 Aiilrad ......05
Toledo J*J Weather Gauge : or.
Oronte .102 p; av Ball '93
Mocorito ...". |°^ Whoa Bill 05
Yellow Tail «gTlni Bugaboo ...... 05
Tom Mayben 102 1>)rd Wadsworth... 05
The Major : ..102 St . George Jr......«5
Arabo 101 Ebony ....05
Nonle ..101 presidio 9B
Horatius .*101 jKeoglr . . . .'¦ »5
John A; Scott.. -...101 colonel Bogey 95
Bearcatcher 101 Padua ..; . .95
Meehanus .101 i»hUr . . . . . . . ;-..... 05
Jo» Lesser- 101 mtruda ......... 95
Diderot 100 Futurita ;.......:.. 05
(VHajren ICO Florlana Belle 05
Baffled 100 Guerrero ua
Andlnas ;..100 Hugh McGowan... . 95
I^ongnhot ...100 t. J. Cox...'.:.:... 95
Tocolaw ...........100 Abydos .;.......... 95
leader 100 otto Stlfel .. ..05
C^stlne .... V. .... .'.ICO t\'ater«pout ....... 95
Hlpponax ...... ...tOO Creole Jim .......; »5
Magrane ...:.. 100 Andrew, B. Cook.'. ; 95
The Don ...: ..100 Dr. •¦ Rowel 1 ...... UH
Don Domo : 100 Ethel f Abbott . . ..... 95
Nevermore '........1C0
Garnet Ferguson's colt Military
Man was installed a pronounced fa
vorite over Formaster, to win the clos
ing seven furlong event, and failed.
The first choice was not able to out
fo6t Red Cross Nurse, though event
ually running third. After beingvcar
ried out by Rt_ Tu Brute, Otto Won
derly lost no time in getting to the
front with Formaster, winning by
nearly four lengths from Dungannon,
a 20 to 1 shot. ,.
NOTES OF. THE TRACK.
- Perhaps Claude cannot beat Fossil
in foggy weather, but Mike Daly's
Derby winner «can take the little
brown horse into camp over a moder
ately heavy track, as was amply ex
emplified in the Owners' handicap
yesterday at Oakland.
Each had a "catch" up, Claude car
rying 80 and Fossil flve pounds more,
Hildebrand, though, rode Fossil, and
at 3 to 5 the Washington "and Oregon
delegation unlimbered. Those first in
line received 6 to 1 against Claude, the
laggards who did not believe in the
'early bird story 'taking 4 and i\i.
Faulconbridge, the only other start
er, was so well thought of that only
4 was chalked about him. Hildebrand
went out in the lead at the start with
the favorite. Just after passing the
half-mile post 'Willie Daly, who had
taken Claude back once to get out on
the dryer going, made his .bid and the
race was over. Claude ttfbk the lead
without effort and won eased almost
to a walk in 1:41%. Faulconbridge
was never dangerous.
CHOICES FAII; TO L.AXD.
Not a favorite landed first money.
Sugden, Henry Ach, Nervator, Fossil,
Chickadee and Military Man all going
down to defeat. Most of the winners,
however, were well supported In the
ring.
Charley McCafferty'R Flaneur start
ed in a race on Tuesday and finished
last. The gelding came out again in
the opening event at Oakland yester
day and, backed from 4 to 3 to 1, won
all the way. Optimo showed an im
provement in form, nosing out Sugden
for the place. The latter was favor
ite and Bell put up a most listless
ride. .
Peggy O'Xeil, from Bob Smith's
stable, with Larsen in the saddle, was
well played to beat Henry Ach for the
two-year-old scramble, and the filly
accomplished the - feat. Barney
Schreiber's colt had no excuses for his
downfall. Tommy Burns got him away
in front, and he led to the -paddock.
There he ehowed signs of faltering
and the filly passed him on the inside,
winning by half a length in :42!£.
Golden Idol ran a fair third, three
lengths before Gloomy Gus,
UAIXAULiT BY* A HEAD.
There was an awful scramble to get
aboard Nervator, which" was" played
down to favoritism in the betting on
thfc six and a half furlong run. It"was
probably not sloppy enough for the
Foots and Hollenbeck sprinter, as he
ran up to third position and could. not
better it. Kunz took Hainault, the
second choice, out in front and, suc
cessfully resisting the .^challenge of
Hildebrand on Muresca. earned a head
decision at the wire. Albemarle was a.
starter and ran a miserable race.
Chickadee, another one from the
McCafferty stable, carried the smart
money to land the mile and a quarter
selling number, but fell short just one
position. Byronerdale, a 7 to 1 out
sider, piloted by Kunz, headed Lapidus
before a mile had been traveled, and,
holding Chickadee safe the last eighth,
crossed the line a couple of lengths to
the good. Expedient flhished an ordi
nary third.
Bouts of the Lincoln
Athletic Club Draw a Rec
ord - Breaking Attendance
DOLLY WEITHOFF REVIVES
FIGHT AT CATCH WEIGHTS
Men Will Box Before San Fran
cisco Club One Week From
To-Morrow in the Pavilion
Princess Tulane Beats Chub, the
Favorite, Hunning the First
Mile Cleverly in 1 :40 3-5
HANLON SIGNS
TO MEET BROAD
FREE HANDICAP
A FAST RACE
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL,. THURSDAY. JANUARY 21, 1004.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
Little Brown Horse With Hildebrand in the Saddle Rules a 3 to 5 Choice
I in the Betting—Henry Ach Is Beaten by Peggy O f Neil— Byronerdale Runs
- In Unexpectedly— Formaster, Ridden by Wpnderly, Captures a Purse
CLAUDE WINS THE OWNERS' HANDICAP,
PULLING UP, FROM UNLUCKY FOSSIL
EDDIE HANLON AGREES TO FIGHT KID BROAD BEFORE THE SAN FRANCISCO ATHLETIC CLUB
10
[FREE TO MEN
«&*\ A Book Full of Facts AbQut 1
8^^ DR. MCLAUGHLIN'S ELECTRIC BELT &
*¦ s 0*'^^S^mSoaB^S^tSP% * know that no m;in remains a weak- O
\ jWp^-^BHBWBSjtBijMWfa* |^ > ir »g because lie wants to; I am sure that o
\ >Jlj.'Saz& 1 a y>» want to overcome every indication O
\ BBEB UmHf!38f*BBHft 3 of tarl^decay that has shown itself on O
• BWtt: !BBa. > <M«BKHgva > °»- ¦ ration 1 1 think the man lives who i
i fSmimKi tS*'&££sitB£Z3r?2Gs38t2*B would not like to feel as big and stroti- *i
I' Wgj-£g*&f ''Or^^^^SSKSS' as a Sandov.-. and I know that if you £
• • fc* l V ? -jjMcV5S l PMJly'^ g^ have a reasonable foundation to •build -x
i ' ;> upon I can make you a biarKcr man than Y.
i. . WKUHag^flKHisH|Cy^ you ever hoped to be. 1 want you to X
f . ff^BKSftMVflWUilBflV know that, you who can't boliove it. and Z
f BRbuSSsIhIbSESb l want you to have my book in which I «
i lSRURmEBMUKtiB&mm • describe how F 1 famed that manly X
f fylj^j^^^^BuUHB *trenxth was only electricity, .and how [ g
i learned to restore it: also I want to tHl ft
> ' B*jl!fiHF{BS**S'TBu*i yO11 the names of some men who win ;•;
I • B«<fflffliiMHMCraHi teJ l yo« that when they came to me they X.
i' BgHaflaRaBSaMialaSBt were physical wrecks, and are now >;
\ Hfflliffl^M^ff amonR the finest specimens of physical ,<
t • wamwUBHBKBBMUMam t . ; manhood. , §
\ A HAPPY MAN. g
\ Dear Sir: Having used your famous electric belt for thirty days. I hav« received O
( the. g:r»atest benefit that a man could «raiti — that in. health and strength. Th* tlretl O
i- despomlent feeling has gone. I feel the beginning of a new life, and am ever your O
debtor ,«,„'¦'¦¦¦-' W - E - <-XARK. X
> P. O. Box 4S2, Tucson. Arizona. ' is
\ , I want you- to read this book and learn the truth about my argu- S
y. ments. If you are not as vigorous as you -.would like to be. If you have Q:
i rheumatic pains, weak kidneys, loss of vitality, prostatic troubles, nervous tt
i, spells, -varicocele or any ailment of that kind that unmans you. It would o
> assure you future happiness If you would look into this method of mine. Q
> Don t delay It, your : best days are slipping by. If you want this book I O
> sendjt closely sealed free.- if you send this ad. Call for free consultation. O
Dp Me Mrl 906 Market St. S
I tJl # 1T1 » V' /"lvL*clUgIHlII. Abm M1U, Sai FrMoim. ft
";'¦'-. ' Office Hours — 8 a. m. to 8 p. tn.; Sundays, 10 to 1. S
>. - Seattle Office.'-lOo' Columbia St. I^»s Angeles. 129 So. Spring. g
¦,...;- ADVEBTISZMZNTS.
j^^ — In S. S. S. Nature has provided a tonic suited to
1 evei y requirement of the system when in a debilitated,
fc^ run down condition. It contains eo strong 1 minerals or
drugs, but is a pleasant vegetable preparation. You can find -no better
remedy for toning up the nerves and bringing refreshing, restful sleep when
in a low state of health, or sick and worn out with work or worry. .
S. S. S. improves the I have no hesitancy in recommending: your 8. 8.8.
annetite aids the die-es- as the best Sprinir tonic on the market. I have used
appeuie, aias ine aiges ©mer medicine*, but find 8. 8. 8. to be undoubt-
t:on and reinforces the edlr the only tonic that will build. up the system. I
svsiem and its p-ood ef- sl1 *" take pleaoure in telling all whom I ithink la
55 sura, ana its gooa ei need of a good blood ot your mo dici ne .
iects are seen almost from Youtb truly, lewis b. piebek,
the first dose. It acts Care Stoll, Hamilton & Co. Lekinfton; Ky.
promptly in cases of chronic dyspepsia, indigestion and all stomach troubles,
and does away with the uncomfortable fullness, nausea, shortness of breath,
drowsiness and dizziness that so often come after eating.
S. S. S. is not only the best tonic but possesses alterative or purifying
properties, and if there is any taint, humor or poison in the blood \ it
searches it out, and removes it. Many times a low state of. health is due
to a bad condition of the blood and can only be remedied by a blood purifier
and tonic combined, or such a remedy as S. S. S. V
If you suffer from* debility, insomnia, nervousness, . loss of appetite,
bad digestion, or any of the symptoms of a disordered blood, nothing will
so soon put your blood in good condition, invigorate; and tone up the
system as S. S. S.
THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA, GA.Steamer. ' /'For. ¦ J Sails/
Valencia...... Skagwajr &,Way Ports. |Jan. 22
Dolphin....... Skagway & Way Ports. I Jan. 24
Excelsior...:. Cooks Inlet « Way Pts. (Feb. 1
J." Dollar...'..".". Valdez A Way Ports.. freb.' 5
, ¦ — ¦ ¦> i —
Gas heaters, formerly J 4.50, now $2.50.
at San Francixco Gas and Electric Com
pany, 415 Post street. • •
FROM SEATTLE.
United SUtes Coast and • Geodetic Survey-
Time and Height of HUth and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
. . Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent. ¦ ./•. -
" NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front- <M|g«ion-«treet"wharf)'aboM 25
minutes later than at Fort Point- the height
of tide Is the same. at both places. .
THURSDAY. JANUARY-21. ,; *
! Sun rues. . .". '. . . .'.' '...... 7-22
8ua, sets...-. * ") jlnj,
Moon sets. . . . v. '. '//, $:{ 3 p
O JH W IL.WI- IH XV LWJ
SI Ft. | — f Ft. Ft. I— I Ft
? |Tlme ; . ITIme) • Time ITime ' '
20 1:69 4.7 6:45 3.0 12 42 4.7 7:171 04
2t 2:27 .4.7 7:30 2. « 1:20 4.5 7:48 0«
22- 2:55 4.8 3:20 2.7,2:07 "4.2 S:26' 10'
;2*-' '3:24 4.9 9:17 .2.6 8:02 3.8 Q:VT\. l'l
24- 3:59 5.0 10:14 .2.1 4:07 . 3.61 »:55|: 1.9
25 4:38 5.111:18 1.7 5:23 3.4[1O:47 2.2
28 5:25 ; :5.3!12:25| 1.1 B:58): 3.4)U:50| 2.6
NOTBr-In the above exposltloo of the tides
Sun, Moon'andtTlde.
| Steamer. \ Destination. Sails.) Pier.
*j January 21. "I •
•S Barbara Los, Angeles Port*. 2 nm]Pier 2 1
Arcata. .... Coos B. & Pt. Orfrd 10 am) Pier 13 |
Centtalla.. Los Angeles Ports. 10 am|Pier 10 J
Rival.. Wlllapa Harbor... "4 pm{P4er 20
UmaUlla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 amlPier 9
Sonoma Sydney & Way Pts 2 pm I Pier 7
i pomo • Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pmlPler 2
State Cal.. San Diego & Way. 9 am|Pler 11
January 23. I ' - j
j Dollar. •• Seattle &. Tacoma.. } 2 pmiPier 20
Chlco Coquille River | » pm|Pler 2
O Llndauer Grays Harbor 5 pmlPler —
¦ January 23. , ' I
Newburg.. Grays Harbor V 4 pmlPler 10
Elizabeth... Coquille River..... 5 pmlPler 20
A rct ic Humboldt 9 amlPier 2
Redondo..- Los Angeles Ports. 4 pmlPler 2
Pomona Humboldt l:30pPler'»
Ft Arena.. Pt. Arena A Mdcno 4 pm Pier 2
Co j on N. Y. via Panama. 12 ro Pier 40
n W. Eldei Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Vorth Fcrk Humboldt 5 pm Pier 20 J
• | January 24. .
jeanle. . . • • | Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 20
Eureka.. •• Humboldt ,.. 0 am Pier 13
q Rosa San Diego A Way. ft am Pier' 11
Bonita*. . . • • Newport & Way.. 0 am Pier 11
Jasnary 25.
Chehalis... Grays Harbor. ..... 3 pm Pier 2
A Maru..-' Chlnn &'Japan 1 pm Pier 40
January 26. '
g Monica.. Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
lio.ua.. •••' HumboMt 0 am Pier 2
Corona. .... Humboldf.": l:30p!Pier- 0
Coronado. . ' Grays Harbor.' 4 pmTPler 10
Queen Puget Sound Ports. Ill amfpier - 9
San Pedro. HumW)l<U. :. 4 pm Pier 2
. ' '" Jaanary 23.
Coos Bay.. San Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Centennial. Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 20
Oregon...- Astoria &• Portland 11 am Pter 24
- ».- v. January . 30. ¦-'•-. ! " ¦• -."
Alliance... 'Eureka •* Coos B. 5 pm Piex 18 [
Alameda... Honolulu-...;...... 11. am Pier 7 [
City Sydney N_ Y. vla-Panama. 12 m Pier 40 !
Jaanary 31. I - - ¦ j
City Pu*bl* Puget Sound Ports. 11 am[Pler 9|
TO SAIL.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariners- and
Shipping Merchants.
The British ship Lamorna (at Tacoma) l«
chartered for wheat thence to Europe.
. The German ship Ltka Is chartered for lum
ber from Puget Sound to Melbourne at .'Us 3d:
bark Fooling Suey, sugar from Honolulu to
New York: Mexican barkentine Santa Maria,
general cargo from this port to Santa Rosalia.
The British ship Wayfarer -proceeds to Sydney
Heads, for orders. In ballast.
A Cargo for Mexico.
- The schooner General Banning sailed yester
day for.Mnzatlan and San Bias with 100,186 ft
lumber.' 1278 bdls shocks. 402 cb and 12 kegs
blasting powder and 1 cask bottled beer, valued
at $7936. .
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
Wednesday, January 20.
Stmr South Coast, Olsen. 15 hours from
Caspar.* ¦ ; .' ¦ .¦- '
Stmr Geo W Elder, Randall, 04 hours from
Portland, via Astoria 48 hours.
Strar City of Fydney. McLean. 21 days IT
hours from Panama, via Mazatlan 5 days 18
hours.
' Sttnr MarehOeld, Dettmers,- 2% days ' from
Coos Bay;' ud river direct. • •
, Sehr Advance. OJIdnesscji, 5 day* from Co
qullle River. '
Schr Albert Meyer, Johnson, 0 daya from
Port Angrles.
' CLEARED.
Wednesday, January. 20.
Stmr Corona, NoDander, Eureka: Paclflc
Coast Steamship Co. .
Stmr State of California, Thomas, Kan Diego;
.Pacific Coast Steamship" Co.
Ger 6hip Alsterdamm. Cords, Sydney; Ma»
condray A. Co. - ... ... . .
Schr General Banning, Bennewlts, Mazatlan;
W'm Olsen.
SAILED.
... Wednesday, January 20.
Stmr Coos Bay. Klcolspn, San Pedro. •
Sttnr Acme, Lundquist,- Eureka.!
Stmr Mackinaw, Storrs. Tacoma. '
Stmr' Czarina, Johnson, Cocb Bay.
Stmr WestDOTt. Smith, WestDort. ' "
"* Ftmr CorVJna, Noaander. Eureka. ' '
Stmr National City, Haramar. Fort "Bragg.
IT S stmr Mohican, pay. cruise. • ' '
Ship Marlon Chllcott. "Williams' ' Honolultl.
Br ship Wayfarer, Tupman, Sydney.
: ¦ Fr bark Nantea, Ulccordel, Sydney. . '. : ¦-
.Fr-bark 'Erne«f Legouve, Blanche,- - Sydney.
- Bchr Jennie- Wand.-- Christiansen. Coos Bay. ¦
¦•Schr Gen Banning, Bennewltz.- Mazatlan and
San. Bias. •» *'•'•¦ -¦-••--'•;•¦¦. -¦¦.-¦•¦
Schr Boasle K, Mcrriam, San .Vicente Land
ing.
The British ship Olivebank docked yester
day at Hunters Point dry dock to allow the
underwriters' purveyors to- examine her hull
and see if her. bottom was damaged by any
of the steel spars that bombarded tha\'essel'g
sides from tbe time she ; was dismasted until
the wreckage was cleared away. Bids for re
pairs will be called for in a few days.
Captain Nopander and Chief Officer Preble
have been transferred to the steamship Co
rona, which sailed yesterday for Kureka. Cap
tain Patterson will succeed -Captain Nopander
on the Umatllla and will retain command un
til the repairs are completed to the Senator,
when both skippers will probably be reas
signed to their old ships. .
• The army transport Crook steamed about
the harbor for several, hours ypsterday ad
justing her compasses. Captain Ike Smith of
the Slccum acted as pilot.
The Pacific Mail Company's steamship
China sailed yesterday from Yokohama for
this port.
The bark which appeared off the port Tues
day night Ktood off shore, yesterday morning
and did not show up again. Her name is not
known.
Water Front Notes.
Steamer.- From. Due.
G. Dollar San'Pedro Jan. 21
Arctic Humboldt ' Jan. 2t
Chlco. Coquille River Jan. 21
Elizabeth Coqullle River Jan. 21
Alliance.. Portland &. Way Portg.ijan. 21
Newburg Grays Harbor ". ... IJan. 21
Centralla ; Orays Harbor (Jan. 21
Pomona Humboldt JJan. 21
Santa Rosa... San Dlcgo & Way Pts.[Jan. 21
Point Arena... M^ndocino & Pt. Arena. Jan. 21
Bonita Newport & Way Ports. Jan. 21
Jeanle Seattle & Tacoma (Jan. 21
Eureka Humboldt Jan. 22
Queen Puget Sound Ports Jan, 22
San Pedro Grays Harbor ...Jan. 22
Atholl --- China & Japan... .IJan. 23
Iac.ua Humboldt |jan. Zl
ltedondo Humboldt I Jan. 23
Korea.'. China & Japan........ |Jan. Z>
Del Norte Crescent City |Jan. 24
Corona Humboldt IJan. 21
Centennial Seattle & Tacoma.. „.: I Jan. 24
.Edith Tacoma Jan. 25
ChehalU I San Pedro.. (Jan. 25
State of Cal...; San Diego & Way Pts.|Jan. 25
Coos Bay t San Pedro & Way Portal Jan; 25
Oregon .Portland & Astoria JJan. 25
Coronado I San Pedro Jan. 28
S. Monica.'. . . *i San Pedro. .... Jan. 28
Anata.... Coos, Bay & Pt. Orford. Jan. 2«
Porno...., j Point Arena & Albion. Jan. 2fl
Atameda Honolulu . .'. I : j a n. 26
City Puobla... Puget Sound Ports Jan. 27
Newport New York via Panama. | Jan. 27
North Fork . . . Humboldt Jan. 28
Rainier...:..- Seattle* Whatcom...,|Jan. 2S
Curacao Mexican Ports. JJan. 29
Gaelic........ China & Japan ifJan. 30
O. W. Elder... Portland & Astoria IJan. 30
J. Dollar. . . .'. • Seattle & Tacoma |Jan. 31
Consternation was caused in the
Custom-house yesterday by the re
ceipt from Washington, D. C, of a
circular from the Secretary of the
Treasury announcing that hereafter
all "the departments of that branch of
the service would be required to re
main open from 9 a. m. until 4:30
p. m., with an allowance of thirty min
utes for lunch. On Sundays and holi
days the offices will remain closed as
heretofore. During the months of
July, August and September in each
year the departments will close on
Saturdays at 1 p. m. without inter
mission for lunch. Heretofore all de
partments of the Custom-house have
been closed at 4 p. m. daily and at 1
p. m. or. Saturdays.
Collector Stratton announced yes
terday that he would put the new rule
Into effect next Monday. Newton S.
Farley. Deputy Collector of the first di
vision, grave his opinion that the rule
was intended to apply only to the va
rious offices of the Treasury Depart
ment in Washington, D. C, and not
. to offices elsewhere, but the Collector
vcisbea to be on the safe side and will
enforce the order until the exception
's made.
Will Carry Many Passengers.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's liner
Sonoma will sail at 2 o'clock this afternoon
for Honolulu and the Antipodes with a full
carao an<l about 110 pa»*«>R er8 - Mr - and
Mrs Carlyle Taylor and MUs Sawers of Syd
ney' arc soir.t: home on • the •¦ Sonoma, after
making a tour of the world. Mrs. J. I* Stack,
win known In Chicago'* social world will
be a passenger ts Honolulu. John A. Dowle;
the Chicago Elijah, and hit party will also
be pawengers. The Dowie party has en
gaged the Scnoma's bridal chambers for the
part-age. ,
Wharf Ilats Steal lltjppcr Wheels.
Wharf rat» are thought to be responsible
for tbe theft from Beale-etreet wharf of two
of the four wheels supporting a big hopper
belonging to the Excelsior Coal . Company.
The thett was discovered yesterday morning
wh»>n the owner* of the hopper went to move
It to another wharf." The wheels are about
three and a half feet in diameter and worth
f"S apiece to the Excelsior Coal Company, but
valuable to the thief only for the metal in
th>« tlfe a« the wheels are of peculiar con
struction,' very heavy and good for nothing
but the purpece they Were serving before the
wharf rats annexed them.
Victim of . Consumption.
CharlM Fellow?, 25 years old, whose home
was at Portland. Or., 1 <Xied at the Harbor
Hospital y«frday, ,a_ victim t of pulmonary
tuberculosiE,r"rtc arrived f-esterdai' morning
fro»n Loi Angeles and Intended taking a boat
from b«re to his home., -Finding he would
have to wait three dayi for a steamer, end
being in a very weak condition, he waa
helped to the Harbor Hospital to rest until he
decldwl on what he would: do. He die* with
in a few minutes after reaching- the hospital,
but not befor* he had told I>r. Millar hl»
name and a*l«d the .'surgeon to '-notify F«>1
lowa Kcntor^by telegraph that death had Inter
rupted his eon's . homeward -Journey.
Stenographers Wanted.
The United States Civil Service
Commission announces that examin
ations for the positions of stenogra
pher, typewriter, stenographer and
typewriter, department service, and
stenographer and typewriter, Philip
pine service, will be held at San Fran
cisco A prtl 13. '¦ Age limit*, depart
mental service. 18 years or over; Phil
ippine service. 18 to 40 years. This
examination is open to males and fe
males. The supply of male eligibles
has not been sufficient to meet the
demands of the service. . Entrance
salary, departmental service. JS40 to
JiriOO per annum; Philippine service,
$1200 to $1400 per annum. Apply to
the United States Civil Service Com
mission, Washington. D. C, or to the
secretary. Consolidated Board of Civil
Service Examiners, 301 Jackson street,
San Francisco, for application form
204 for the departmental service, and
f'>rms 2 and 375 for the Philippine
service. These forms should be exe
'¦utpri and forwarded to the Civil Ser
vice Commission. Washington, D. C,
not !at<»r than March 25. 1904. Ap
pUcaata may apply for both services
by filing both sets of applications.
The Overdue List.
The British *hip Sf. Mlrren. th* only vessel
flyjn»r the." EntHih flag now on the way here
The -British bark Iredale, which arrived late
Tuesday night; flfty-»ix • days from Junln,
brought 2506 tons of nitrate, most of which
will probably be shipped to the Far East to
be used in the manufacture of gunpowder.
Brings Cnrso of Nitrate.
TO ARRIVE.
Movements of Steamers.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
i. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m.. Gr»*nwlch time. J. C. BURNETT.
Lieutenant. U. S. N., In charge.
Branch Hydographlc Office, U. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco. Cal.,
Wednesday, January 20.-
Time Ball.
The vessels which have b*en laid up at this
port for a long time are coming: from their
mud resting places and clearing out for more
premising freight fields In rapid succession,
and the idle tonnage In the harbor is steadily
decreasing. Three vessels left here yesterday
In ballast for Sydney. The British ship Way
farer, the first ready for sea. was the last to
pass through the Golden Gate, being detained
for ' more than' three hours- off Lime Point,
getting the kinks out of a fouled anchor
chain. The other vessel? bound for Sydney
are the French barks Ernest Legoure and
Nantes.
Three Ships Sail for Sydney.
CONSTERNATION AMONG
CUSTOM-HOUSE EMPLOY'ES
Schr Ida McKay." r^thola. Kureka
MISCELLANEOUS.
The reportfd arrival, at Kahulul Jan 19 of
Etmr Arryll was nn error.
TELECRAPHlft
POINT LOBOS,' Jan :!O, 10 p m— "Weather
hazy: wind Nff, velocity « miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE-Sailed Jan 1!>-Stnir Bertha, for
> aide*. ' • «
Arrivod Jan 20— Stmr Rainier, hence Jan 1«.
Sailed Jan !U>— Ger bark Thalasaa. for Fre
mantle.
D«£ a *> d '" Jan 2 °— P r «h«P -Simla, hence
for^^r 831^ 19 -Sc»»\ MUdred.
i SA ? PEDRO— Arrived Jan 20-Schr Lud
low. from Blalne: stmr Chehalls. hence Jan IS;
& mr .iT™?» 18 . H , ***««. hence Jan IS; stmr
Harbo" 1 Jan 20 ~ Schr R c Slade. for Grays
he^V^ J3n 2^tnr Ore S on.
Sailed Jan 20— Schr W F Jewett. for Ta
coma.
PORT LOS ANCELES-Arrtved Jan 20-
Stmr Grace Dollar, from- San PeOro; Br bark
Ventura, from Newcastle, Kn«tland
Sailed. Jan 20— Stmr Grace Dollar, for San
rrancisco.
a nH U v E £ A 7 P £ 1Ie ? J !. n 20 - St «"* Elizabeth
and North Fork, for San Francisco
GRAYS HAHBOK— Sailed • Jan 'uO-^Schrs
Pallor Boy Fred K Sander and Defiance, for
ra t nC «° : h J Jas H Bruce - for San
Pedro: Btmr ban Pedro, for Han Francisco
COOS BAY-Sailed Jan 20-Stm? Aberdeen.
v.™ 8 ?. 0 /™?!?* 00 !* 11 *- 8 " R°«r..- for San
Fia«ris?o, with a barse in tow
henc^ D jin D 18" ArriVe<1 JaD 20 ~^ mr Coronado..
JaI A l T 6 °?o h ; H T iro a rn^ ' *» 20 ~ Stmr "j^ hc
Passed In Jan 20— Stmr Edith, hence Jan
lo, for Taeorr.a. •
wf^Vit ;J a^-. 20 T Fr bark Eu * en «e Faut
rel, for Lnitcd Kingdom, from Tacoma
< .. ISLAND PORTS.
HOXOLUMJ-Arrlved Jan 19-Stmr Row
crans, from Alc&traz Landing
Sailed Jan 1»— Whal bark John and Wln-
F 1 ra°n 3 cisco r £e: Kalulanl. for San
KAHULUI— Sailed Jan ', 18— Schr Allen A.
T° r w ToWD8end: * ehr ArieI - f °r Port
' . FOREIGN PORTS.
HONGKONG— Arrived Jan 19— Br stmr Em
press of India, from Vancouver. Prior to 20
Br stmr Doric, hence Dec 22. •
Sailed Jan 2d — Stmr China, for San Fran
cisco. ¦ . • , • - .
ACAPULCO — Salted Jan ift-rStmr'Peru for
Panama; stmr Newport, for San Francisco.
SHARPNESS— Arrived Jan 1&— Br bark KH
meny. hence Sept 3. • • -.
JAVA—Salled Jan 10— Br stmr Inverness,
for Vancouver. •
BERMUDA — Arrived Jan 19 — Br stmr* Rich
mond Caetle, from Yokohama for New York*
put in for fuel. . . '
DOVER— Passed Jan 19— Ger stmr Luxor
hence Sept 25 for Hamburg. * '
SHANGHAI— Sailed Jan 20— Bktn Makawrlt
for Port Townsend. r . . . '
LONDON — Arrived Jan- 10— Ger stmr Luxor
hence Fest 25. .*..»....
AUCKLAND— Sailed Jan 15 — Stmr Ventura,'
for San Francisco.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Jan 20-^Stmr Tydeus.
from Clyde and Liverpool, via Hongkong
etc, 'or Seattle: stmr Victoria, from Hong
kong and Shanghai, for " Tacoma.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK- Arrived Jan 20— Stmr Prln
zess Iren?, from Genoa 'and Naples;' stmr Ar
menian", from Liverpool.
Sailed Jan 20— Stmr Deutschland for Na
ples and Genoa: stmr Cassel. for Bremen: etmr
Teutonic, for Llvernool; stmr Callforalan for
Marseilles. Genoa. Leghorn, etc {grounded near
ship's channel): etmr Cevic, for Liverpool
LONDON— Arrived Jan lf>-Stmr Luxor,
from Tacoma. San Franclaro, etc **' :
ALEXANDRIA— Arrived Jan 20— Stmr Re
public, from Boston, via St Michaels. Mar
seilles, etc. i •
NAPLES— Arrived Jan 20— Stmr Prlnz Os
kar, from New York. - • ¦ . .
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Jan 20— Stmr Majes
tic, for New York, via Cueenstown
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Jan 21— Stmr Cel
tic, from New York." for Liverpool, and pro
ceeded. • • • ¦
from Newcastle, Australia. Is. out!, from .trres
coal port Just 100 days and yesterday was
quoted i for reinsurance at JO per .cent. An
other overdue Britisher added to the ll*t was
the little bark Shakespeare, out eighty-seven
days from Newcastle. Australia, for Valpa
raiso. She Is quoted at 15 per cont. Thq
others are quoted as follows: Paris. 00 per
cent;,, Slartaban. 75 per cent: Robert Rlck
mers. 15 per cent; Loch Bredan.' CO per cent';
Castor. 10 r>er cent
The little little tug Tzalco, which
left here some weeks ago in command
of Captain Miller for Acajutla, was
at Acapulco with the City of Sydney.
The little vessel had had a hard trip,
but was in good condition, and Cap
tain Miller had no doubts of his abil
ity to deliver his charge sefely ¦ to
her new owners.
The City of Sydney brought 958
tons of freight and treasure valued at
$33.S41. Her passengers included the
following named: John L. Sherrin,
Carlos Changg, George S. Walsh, Ce
sar Lai, Armando Changg, J. A. Rlnes,
T. H. Bailey, G. R. Fredrickson, W.
S. Thomas, Joseph Sousa., Miguel Noe,
Rudolf Mahncke. B. Riehemann, H.
H. Parrish, Joseph Snell. Mrs. Her
linda Sousa, G. M. Osborn. Charles
Ephardt, Charles Vern. B. L. Hill and
Luis Sousa. . .
The Pacific Mail Company's steam
ship City of Sydney, Captain W. -H.
McLean, arrived yesterday from Pan
ama and -way ports. ! Captain' * Mc-
Lean reports everything very quiet at
the isthmus and peaceful at all the
other Central American ports the
Sydney visited. For the last two days
of the voyage strong head winds were
encountered.
BRITISH BARK IREDALE, WHICH ARRIVED LATE TUESDAY NIGHT FROM THE NITRATE PORTS WITH A
CARGO WHICH WILL BE RESHIPPED TO THE FAR EAST TO BE USED IN THE MANUFACTURE OF
GUNPOWDER. . .
The Henry Cowell Lime and Ce
ment Company filed a libel yesterday
in the United States District Court
against the ship Wayfarer to recover
$152 50 alleged damage by leakage to
a cargo of cement shipped from Ant
werp to San Francisco.
Damages for Leakage.
Oriental trickery in a new phase was
developed yesterday in the trial of a
habeas corpus case before United
States Court Commissioner Heacock.
It would appear from the revelations
mad* that Chinese blackmailers make
use of the courts and the exclusion act
to further thoir own nefarious ends,
and that an organized gang exists In
this city, the members of which force
tribute from Chinese laborers born in
the I'nitrd States and returning from
a visit to China.
"Pay us or you can't land" is their
motto. The case referred to is that of
Gee King Yung, who alleged that he
was bom in San Francisco on October
t4. 1?T^; that he went to China with his
father in 1877 and returned to this city
in 1W. On that occasion his landing
was secwred by means of affidavits by
Gee Git Dick and Gee Pong Chong,
who swore that they had visited the
boy and his father fourteen years pre
viously in China and therefore identi
fied the «ad as G*>e Bing Tung, the
nephew of G<^ Git Dick. In 1901 Gee
King Yung went to China again and
returned a few days apo, when Gee Git
Dick and Gee Pong ChonR appeared
before the Chinee Bureau and swore
that the testimony that they had given
in 1K&7 was false and that they in truth
had not seen Gee Bing Tung in China.
The bureau thereupon refused to allow
him to land, and the case was taken
before Commissioner Heacock on a
habeas corpus proceeding.
The matter came up yesterday, but
neither C-ee Git Dick nor Gee Pong
Chong appeared. In their stead was
another Chinaman, a stranger in the
ca*e. who cheerfully swore that he had
met the applicant and his father many
times in <*hfna and knew the young
man to be the person he represented
himself to be.
Judge Heacock was uncertain wheth
er the two perjurers who appeared be
fore the Chinese Bureau had told the
truth on the first or on the second oc
casion. Finally the court remarked
that the case was covered with slime. .
and that Gee Git Dick and Gee Pong
Chong had sworn that they were liars
and unworthy of belief. He therefore
orderfd that the applicant be remand
ed intr» the custody of the steamship
officials to be returned to China.
The applicant's counsel explained to
the c-nurt that he had been informed
that the two perjurers had had a quar
rel with the applicant's father because
he had refused to vote for their friend
at a tong- election, and had taken their ,
revenge by causing the son to be ex
cluded.
NEW ORLEANS, Jan. 20.— The price
for cotton futures to-day reached the
highest point since the war. At the
highest levels of the day new records
for the season and for the period since
war times were established. • .
This comparison, which agitated
"shorts" yesterday, stirred them to ex
cited activity to-day, but the best they
could do for the most part was to
shift the burden among themselves.
Nothing that looked like Armour sell
ing could be discovered. On the other
hand, considerable commission house
buying was credited to the paramount
Interest. Private messages received
here to-day indicate that a consid
erable quantity of the "short" wheat
on the Armour books was put out by
Eastern peoples-
May corn and May oats, control of
which is generally thought to be close
ly centralized, also advanced sharply
to-day.
CHICAGO, Jan. 20.— May wheat
pouched a new high. mark— 92%®92%c—
[ to-day, a net gain for the day of 2ViC
; and 16c higher thar/ the average price
j last fall. The local wheat situation as
j regards prices is highly artificial, as
i is shown by the character of the trade
which caused so sharp a gain In prices.
Armour is credited with a "long" line
! of 15.000,000 bushels contracted for May
delivery. Local contract stocks ap
| proximate only 2,000,000 bushels.
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tldea of- the
day In the order of occurrence as to time; tho
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day.- except when there' are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given arc in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coa3t Survey charts, except when a minus (— )
sign precede* the height, and tlen the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts.- 'The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
The reading-.of- the foregoing state
ment was .attentively? listened to. The
president directed that it be- received
and placed on file. There being no fur
ther business. Commissioner Kirkpat
rick moved to adjourn and the motion
prevailed.
» ,'.1 IT* - :> I<.V»< . . • - B ..
We are bound to assume that this action by
ycur honorabl.r hoard wad taken inadvertently
and without having our request in mind, since
your action, if adhered to. -will have the effect
of depriving the,. State of the Increased rental
which we are ready and willing to pay for the
prehilscs.
So. assuming that your action In the prem
ises -was taken by Inadvertence, we now. In
pursuance of our said request, hereby offer to
pay for the said privilege occupied by us as
aforesaid the monthly rental of $150O. and we
hereby accompany this bid by our certified
cheek for $1300. to cover the first month's
rental under Mich bid. We furthermore again
renew the proposition heretofore made by us) In
a 'previous communication, to enter Into a bond
in such reasonable amount as your honmable
hoard may fix. to secure the payment of this
rental during our further occupancy of said
premises. ! Yours respectfully.
. . <Slgncd) .. . FOSTER & OREAR.
The Board of Sta^e' Harbor Commis
sioners met yesterday afternoon, Presi
dent Charles H. Spear presiding. Bid3
opened at a previous "session for creo
sotlng piles were considered. The con
tract was awarded to the lowest bidder,
the Southern Pacific Company. The
amount involved in the award 13 $19,000.
W. C. Van Fleet, representing the
firm of Foster & Orear, addressed, the
board briefly and read the following
communication:
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal. Jan. ».'»«»'
To the Honorable Doard of btate Harbor
Commlt>»loii£rs^-O»ntlemen: In our <™?™™ x '
cation to you of December 23. 1903. In which^an
oKcr of 511JS0 per month for the privilege and
space now occupied by un In the San Francisco
Ferry Depot building .was made we requester.
in the fvent any person should be given an op
portunity of making a higher bid. that we ! have
the rtgfct of raising the bid of any «uch person
before action thereon by your honorable boarii.
Thla requeet was made by us In the t>ener inai
by reascn of our occupancy of and cstabllsneu
business on the premises, we could atror.1 to
pay a hirner rent than any outsider, and alao
In the sincere belief that, under tho circum
stances we were askmsr but that wnieh was
fair and just to us, In view of the long num
ber of years we have occupied the premises ss
tenants of the State under your predecessors,
and that we have, by our industry and energy
tucceeded In building up the business conducted
therin by us from -comparatively nothing to
fcomethinff of value; and that*w*. who have put
Into the State Treasury In rentals durlns our
tenancy a eum of over $40,000 and In every
way kept faith with the State, should be given
the preference of retaining the premises over a
mere stranger, especially if ready and willing
to pay as high or higher rent therefor.
\V« are informed that your honorable body
ha*>, notwithstanding our request, adopted 1 a
resolution awerdlng said premises to one James
F. Kooney, at a monthly rental of J12C0, an
increase over our bid of but $20, an1 without
offering us an opportunity to raise the bid so
made by Mr. Rooney.
Armour Said to Be "Long."
Cotton Reaches the Highest
Mark -Since the Civil War
Firm Assumes That Board Must
Have Granted the Concession
to Rooncy - by Inadvertence
They Say to American-Born
Pigtails, "Pay, Or We Will
Prevent Your Landing" Hero"
IS CONFESSED
PERJURY
PROPOSITION IS FILED
SITUATION IS ARTIFICIAL
Exclusion Act Made Use of
as a Weapon to Extort Coin
From Returning Mongolians
Figure Sixteen Cents Higher
, Than That of Last Year, and
a Rise of Two Cents in a Day
Foster & Orcar Offer to Pay
$1500 & Month Rental for
Ferry ' "New-stand Privilege
ANOTHER BID
IS PRESENTED
CHINESE GANG
DO BLACKMAIL
WHEAT PRICE
MAKES JUMP
THE ;SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 21, 1904.
Pacific Mail Company's Liner City of Sydney Arrives From the Isthmus and
Captain McLean Reports Conditions Calm Throughout Central America.
Steamship Brings Few Passengers and Treasure Valued at $33,841
ALL QUIET AT PANAMA AND PEACE
REIGNS ALONG THE SOUTHERN COAST
11
EAUWAY TBAVEL.
CALIFORNIA
LIMITED TO CHICAGO
LEAVES DAILY
at Q:30 a. m., Uiroug-Ji ta 3 day*,
with diner aad all trapping*.
I ¦ - "' ' •
Other Santa re Trains 1
7:30 a. m. I for Stockton. Fresno. BaJcersacId.
»:30a. m. Y M erce< j H«nfonl «J»d Vls*U«.
S:0O p. m. J
4: 00 p. m. for Stockton.
8 :C0 p ra. (or Kansas City. Grand Canyon aad
Chicago. , *
TICKET OFPICE — 641 Market St, anA
Perry Depot. S. T. Also 1113 Broad-
way. Oakland. Cal.' 37 Sonta rirvt
St- San Jot a,
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FhANClauU anu HuHTH PACIFiC
- , EAILWAY COMPAinr.
Titaron Terry, root of Market Street.
SAK PSAKCISCO TO SAK BA.PAEI..
WEEK DAYS — 7:30. 9:0O. 11:00 a. m.: 12:33.
3:3O. 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. *
Saturdays — Extra, trip at 1 :5O and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— S.«>. ft :SO. 11:00 a. m.: 1:30. 3JM.
5.C0. 6:20. U:S0 p. m.
SAN BArAEI. TO SAH FBAKCZSCO.
WEEK DAYS— «:<». 7UJ.V T:50. tt:20. ll:l»
a. n».; 12:50. 3:40. 5:00. 5:20 p. m.
Saturdays— Extra trip at 2:05 epd C:35 p. m.
'SUNDAYS — 8:00. »:40. 11:15 a. m.; 1:40. 3:10.
4:65. 5:05. 6:25 p. m. -
Lerve I In Effect I Arrtro
San Francisco. f Sept. 27. 1903. |3an Francisco.
Week I Sud- t ~D«t7na- I Sun- I Weelc
D«y». I days, i tlon. | days. I Days.
7:30a 8:t0a ' 0:10a S:40a
9:30o Ignaclo. 10:40 a 10:2i> a
3:30 p 3:30 p «:00 p 8:20 p
8:10 p 5:0O p 7:35 p
7-30 al 8:10 a S:40a
S:0Oa Norato. 10:4Oa 10:20a
8:30 p »:30& Prtatuma, 6:05 p «52Op
5:10 p 3:30 p aid 7:33 v
5:00 p) Santa Rosa.
7.30 a 10:40 a 10:20 a
8:00 a Fulton. 7:35 p 6:20 p
8:30 p 3:3Op
Windsor.
7:30a S:00a Healdsburjr. 10:40a 10:20a
Lytton.
3:30 p 3:30 p Geyservllie. 7:33 p «:20 p
- - Cloverdale.
7:30 al 8:00 al Hopland 110:40 a]10:20 a
3:30 pj 3:30 p| and.. Uklah. 7 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 at 8:00 a| WllHts. Tl:33 p| «:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30p|3:30p( Guem>vlll«. . t7:35pt6£20p
7:30 a! 8:00 al Sonoma. | 9:10 al 8:40 a
5:10p| 5:0>p| Glen Ellen. | 6:05 p( 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al ¦ |1O:4O all0:20 a
3:30 pi 3:3C pi Sevastopol. I 7:3S pi 6:20 p
"STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Quentln; at Santa Rosa for Whlt« Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altrurla and Mark West
Spring* at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey- I
terville for Skaggs Springs: at Cloverdale for
tha Geyrer*. Boonevllle and. Greenwood; at
Hopland ior Duncan Springs. Highland Springs.
¦Kelseyville. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. Lake-
i port and Bartlett Springs: at Uklah for Vichy
' Sprinjts. Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs. Upper Lake.' Pomo.
; Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside. Llerly's.
Buckntli's Sanhedrln Heights. liutlville. Orr'i
Hot Sprinsa. Halfway House, Coreptche, Camp I
Ktevens. Hopkins. Mendocino CJty. Fort Bran;
Weatport. Usal; atWilllts for Fort Bragg.
Westport. Sherwood. Canto. Covello. Layton-
ville. Cnmmins*. Bell' a Springs. Harris. Ol-
ten'e. Dyer, GarbervlUe, Pcppenrood, EcotU
and Eureka, - ¦
Saturday to Sunday round-trip tickets at re-
duced latas.
- On ' Sunday round-trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket offices. 630 Market ctroet. Chronicle
bulldirc.
H. C WHITING. ' R. X BTAN.
Gen. Manager. . Gen. Pass. - Agt.
ipp^HD TOSANRAFAEL,
ISfiy.yUui ross valley,
Efg|||fg Ml valley,
CAZADER0 ' Etc -
Buburbaa Service. Standard Gauge Electric—
Depart from San Fran«l*co Dail^-7:00. 8:00.
»:C0? 10:00. 11:00 a. m.. 12:20. 1:45. a : 15. 4:15.
S1& 6-15 7:00. 8:45. 10:20. 11:45 p. tn.
FROii SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
¦-Daily-S-ai: «:35. 7:40. 8:33; 0:35. 11:05 a.
m., lSlV«. 2:55»;3:45. 4:45. 6:45. «:43.
8-45 10:20 p.'-ro.
FROM MILL VALLET TO SAN FBAN-
C18CO— Dally— 8:«» 6:55,-7:52. 8:55. 0:55.
11 -20^-m.. 12:35. 2:00, 3:15. 4:08. 6:05. 6:05.
7-C5. 9:00. 10:35 p. m.
'* ."" ' THROUGH TRAINS.
8-00 a. m. dally — Cazadero and war stations.
5:15 p.' m. week days (Saturdays excepted) —
Tomales and way stations. -
3:15 p. 'm. Saturdays — Caxadero and way sta-
SuDdaya only — 10 a. m.. Point Reyes .and
wajr : otat Ions. ' . • v
TICKET, OFFICE— «28 Market st.
FERRY— Union Depot, foot of Market at.
ORDER FOR THE
GREAT TWENTIETH CENTURY COOK BOOK
Mall This Order to The San PraacUco Call With 75c.
The San Francisco Call, ." ' "' *
San Francisco. Cal.: // '
P Inclosed herewith please find- 75c, for which send me one
copy of The Call's Great Twentieth Century Cook Book. (Fifty
Cents is The Call's Premium rate to all its six-month. subscrib- \
ers and the additional 25c is to prepay shipping charges.)
SlGN'Fr ffSKSfSSBS""' '^ '"" - ... -.-. . . •..
CITY ..........I.. f
state .;.. ................?;.....
RATT.WAY 1EAVEL.
I The Only Doable-Track Railway Between
I the Missouri River cad Chlcajo.
The
Overland
I The Most Luxurious Train in the World.
Electric Lighted Throughout.
Buffet-smoking cars, with barber
and bath. Booklovers Library, din-
ing cars, standard and cojnpartment
sleeping cars and observation cars.
Less than three days San Francisco
to Chicago daily without change, via
Sonthern Pacific,
Union Pacific and
Chicago S Northwestern Rys.
Leaves fan Francisco dally at 10 a. m.
Two other trains dally at 9 a. m. ami
S p. m.
For tickets, sfeeptr.sr car reservations and
full information apply to agents Southern
Pacific Co., or ;
R. R. RITCHIE,
Genera! Agent Chicago Sc Nerth-Western Railwty.
617 iMarket Stre«.
SAX FSASCISCO, CAL. ;
I rr^!!!i^T^r_—
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Trains leav« nml »re> due to arri *• at
SAN FUANC1SCO.
(Mats Lin". Fool nf Market Street > ¦
L mi — FmoM l>crKM.i»i; V9. l!>03. — aWT»*
~1-O0a V»c»TtUc. Wini«r». Hamaej 7-SSp
74W* BcalcU. SuUun. Elialra soil S«crar
meaio 7-Z5p
740* V«llcjo. N*;*. C*H»top». 8*au
i:o«a. Xtartlaez, Saa lUinon 6 25?
7-30* Mies. Llvermore. Trscy, L«ihroi>.
P>.»cicr,>n 7.2S*
I.COa Shs*ta KxpreM— (VI* r>a»l<>.
WlllUms tfor r.*rt;?tt Sprtne«>.
WtUowa ?Krur... lli-.i Biaff.
Portland. Tacoma. 8e«ttlo 7.55*
800* Davis. W.kH!.»i.!. Knlihti L»u'l:aj.
Mary»Ti!le. Orotillo 7.5aP
8-30* Port Coota. Martlafz. Antloctu
Byron. Tracy, Sioclfton. New-
mao. Los Uaoos. Mendota,
Arraon.-v Haafonl. Ylialla.
PortrrTille 4.2S*
8-30* fort Co«ta. JL-»rrtaei. Tracy. LAth-
rop. .MuJc-<to. Merced. Frrsno.
Gosbea Jiincllon. ilialorJ.
VMalta. RaitenfltltJ 4.55»
8-30* Nile*. 3aa .lose, LUeraore. Siock-
ton.(+MKton), loor, Sacrsmento,
rineervtil-!. MarysTlUe. CSlico.
Red Blnff 4-2S»
8-30* Oakd»le. Clitnesc. Jamestown. So-
noni. Tculnmne and Angels 4 25i*
9 00* Atlantic Kx?re»»— «sdcn«n<I Ea«. 11.23*
9.30* Richmond. MarUaez »a<t W*y .
" 8utlon« 855p
10 00* Th« Overland Llmlteil — Osaen.
Dcnrer. Omaha, Chlc;ua 8 25p
! 1000* V«llejo 122a*
: 10-00* Los An<r*le» Pswucne^r — Port
i Co»t*. Martlnox. Ryroa. Traey.
Lathrop. Stockton. Mereed.
lUrmo'nJ. Fresno. GolUen Junc-
tion. Haaford. Lemoore. VUalta.
B»Xer»flel<I. Los Aajnies 725^
If. 00m Hayward. Nlles and Way Sutloot. 32 j*
. t 1 00r Sacrjimentoni»«rS5*»raer» tiJ.OO?
IZOr Bentcla, Winter*. Sacramento.
Wootllnnd. Knlghta Landlnfc
MarytvUle. Ororlllo and way
stations '2$5 k
f.ZOr n«ywanl.SI!c»an-JW»y Station*.. I-6St
,30r Fort Co»t.i. Hutla'i, Byron.
Tncy. Latnrop. M*de»to. .
Jlercel. Fresno and Way Star
tlon J beyond Port Corta 12-25?
3.30F llarilner, Tracy. Stockton. Lodl... 1025*
4 OOP llartinez.San lUm -i-i. VaileJo.Xapa.
Calif tosa, Santk % U3S» 9 25%
4 OOP Nllr.. Tra.-v. Stockton. Lodl 4 25j-
4-30p Bay ward. Kile*. Irrtncton. S»n » T8.SS^
Jose. Lirermore ) tt 1.55*
6C0r The Owl Limited— Sewm»n. Lo*
Banos. MendoM,Treino. Tuiars,
/ BafcersflcULLoa Angeles.
Golden State LlmUed Sleeper,
Oakland to Lot Angele*. for Co> "
eago, Tia C. R. I. * P 855%
5.00!" Port Co«ta, Traey. Stockton ... 12 2i?
t5 30p Hsywarrt. Kile* and 8aa Jo«e 7 25*
B.00p Hayward. Nile* and Saa Joae 0-S5*
6-OOr £a«tera Ezpres* — Otrtten. DenTer.
Omaba, St. Lout*. Catcaxo aad
East Tort Costa, Oenfcla, Sat- <
run, Elmlra, DstIji. Sacramratut
Roctclln. Auburn. Colfas.
Trnekee. Boca. It? no. Wad*
worth. Wtnnemacca S-2S>
6.03r Vallejo. dally, except Sunday I T ...
703p Vallejo. Soaday only f #•»»»¦
7-OOp Klcnmond. sun Pablu. Port Costa,
Uartines and Way stations 11.25*.
8-C5p Orecoti £ California Kxprets— Sac-
ramento, MarytTtlle, Codding.
Portland. Puset Sound tad Eiut. 8-65*
9.1Cr Ilayward. Kllea and San Jose (Sna>
day only) . 115>%
COAST LINE «>arr»w Uange).
(Kuot uf M;tr!tf t Street.)
8-15* Newark. Centerrille. Saa Jo»«.
Felton. ltoulaer Creelc, Sanu
Crai and Way Stations..... 5 51'
t2.15r Newark. Centerrllle. San Jose,
New Almaden. Los U.uon.F'eUoa.
IVintder Cr#elt. Santa Crux and
Principal Way Station* ttO-SS*,
4-ISp Newark. San Jose. Los Uatoa and % ta.55 4
way *t»tloD» ...):1Q55*
03 30p Boaters Train. Saturday on!r. Saa , I
Joae and Way Station*, he turn- .
•¦<? from Lou Rato» Sunday only. J7 25p
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
Krom hAN »'KANCISCO. Foot of Market St. <91tr>(»
— fj:l» 9:00 11:00 a.m. 1C0 300 5-15 P.M.
rroaa OAKLAND, Koot or Broadway — tti:Mt y :.tt
t8:ft> 10:00 a.m. 1 2 00 2 00 400 p.m.
COAST LINE (UroaU banre).
Or < third unit lownnenq Street*.)
8-10* 8aa JMe acd Way Stau'oai..^ 6 31p"
700* San Jo*e aad W*y Sutlons 5 33'
8-00* New Almaden (Tnes.. FrH.. only), 4.13P
8 00* Tbe Coaster— Stop* only Sao Jo*«.
Gtlray t'onnection for Hollls-
ter). Pajartx^-CaatroTllle (cob.
section to and fr m Monterey
and Paclflc GroTe). SaMnas. Saa
Ardo, Paso Robles. Santa Mat-
. . rarlta. San Lnli Obltpo, principal . .
Stations thence Surf I connection
for Lorapoc), principal ttatlops
taettce SanM Barbara,Ssn Baenar
Teatara. Saugos. Lo* Angeles... 13.43*'
t.CO* Ban Jose. Tre* Ptnos. Capttela, '
Ban taCrax, Pacific OroTe.Sallnaa.
San Lnla ObUpo and Prlnclpai
Way Stations 4.10»
10.30* Can Jose and Way Stations 1-20»>
11 30* Stnu Clara. Saa Jose, Los Gstos
and Way Station* /-30p
1-30P Saa Jose and War Station* 8-JSa
i-lOr Del Monte Rxpresa— danta Clara,
San Jt-«r. Del Monte. Monterey.
Paclflc Grove (connects at Saata
Clara for Santa Cruz. Boulder
Creek and Narrow Gauge Po!at*>
' st OUroy for Holltster. Tret
Plnos.atCa*tmTil!e for Sallaa*. 12-15'
B-SOr Tres Pino* Way Pa**enirer. .";.,.... 10 4S*.
4 33p Ban Jo*« aad Way Stvtlon*:. ...... tS.OO*
- tSOOr **n Jose. (vl» Santa. Clara) Loe
Gatos. and Principal Way Stv
•• tlon« (eicrpt 8und»y> ...; t9-00*
ii-301- S*nJo»e«nd Prlaclp.il Way St»tlont r }94a*
1-tQr Snn.ct Llmltfd.— Kedwuud. Saa
Jo*e, Gnroy.Saltna«.Paso Koblea.
Saa Luis Obtspo. S«nU Barbara*
• Loa AngeU*. beuiins-. Zl Paao.
K«w Orleans. Sew York. «;on-
nects at Pajaro for Santa Croz .
snd M CastroTtll*. for. P»---M.s
Grore and Wsy Stations — . — 7.184
tf.Ur £auM»teo.Der«ford.UelaJont,S*n
Carlo*. Redwood. Fair Oaks,
MenloPark. Palo Alto tS.iSi
• ?Cp San Jo«eaad Way Stacons. 8-38*
" 8 OOP Falo Alto and Way Stations 10.1&*
U.iCr boatbkanFraoclsco. Mlllbrae. Bop-
llnRame. San Mateo. Belmont,
- Saa Carlos. Redwood. F*lr Oaks,
Memo Psrk. and I'alo Alto 945»
«1130p Majfl*!'!. Mountain View. Sonar-
T»ic Lawrence. Santa Clara aad
San Joe t9-45l
A for Moralnr. Y for Afternoon.
1 8«n4ay •zeepted. i Sunday only.
. a Saturday only.
I Stops at all stations on Soaday.
; t3r~Oalj trains tiopptnz at Valencia St. toatabovat
ir»«i:10*.M^::W*.w^n:a>*.x,3:J0r.*..e:30p.*.»a
HtDT*. t - - -
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Leave Tia Snails ferry Arrive
gMtPrandsco Fwt#?lUrkatst San Franefaea
Week Sun* j _^«fiSB^^ Sun- Wccjc
Days, days irflMWf^k days Dayv
•tttdlM:Oi»A 4^«BSe^9 !^:OApf0l40i
*1:45p »:OOa WeSSSTOCT l:S5r »:5Or
5:15» 10:00a ««Si?SV M:S0r .1:*Ov
ll : 00A «:30r l:S9f
¦,..,-! 3*15 p T:»OFi."— ZH
'nan I t2S Makxtt ST^(Nortb Shore Kaibos^'*
VHCB I tad Sausauto Fmjutr. Fool aUxttt it.THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 21*1 1904.
12
CAKPET HEATIXQ AJfP CL_A?tnig.
AIR now universally used In cleanln* carpeta
on floor, without reroowl: lc« mod«rat«;
S. F. Compressed Air Cleaning Co.. Call
, building, Main 52S7.
WHEN you become disgusted with your wort
send for SPA ULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 355-357 Tehama St.; tel. South i9.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1809 Har-
rison at.; Al cleaning: 3c: tel. Ml»»lon — »-
HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet beating: mat-
tresses made over. 1432 Howard ;tel. 8outn 21«.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 403 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 3»t. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating 1 works: price*
reasonable. 1703 Harriaon St.; tel.Mlsslon 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beatinjf Works.
353 Golden Oate ave.: telephone East 2«.
DE.VT1STS.
Sll~Gnvis£~£o££9 Callaghan bld».. Market
and McAllister sts.. uses the Basford Obtun-
der: the only device ever Invented for grind-
ing drlllinz and excavating teeth without
pain. For demonstration call at office.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market.nr.Eleventa
—No charts for extractln* when plates ar*
made: old plates made over like new; te«S
from $8 per set; extracting SOc; gaa given.
A NEW r-Jte — The Whale*-.>n« — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs. : crown. $1 50: fllllnga. 50c;
plat's $3: full set; all work palntess and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlor*. 2* Sixth.
A. ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon dentist,
room 14. Phelan building. San Francisco.
PARIS Dental Parlora. 2S3 Kearny. cor. Bush-
Set teeth $1 50 up; crowns $2 up; fillings 23c.
GOLD~fllllng». 75c; silver. 33c: crown*. $2: no
pain: oven Sunday. Dr. O.B.He.wltt.2043utter
I) K KMMAK t l|55j^ D J5 B^^.T R S?*5*
Accordion, sunburst A knife plaltlnjr: double
•tamps on dress linings. Stewart's button A
buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor: tel.Folsotn 2121
McDOWELL Dressmaking A Millinery School —
Patterns cut to measuro; eve, cluss. 1019 Mkt.
EDUCATIONAL.
ANOTHOt enlargement at CALIFORNIA
BUSINESS COLLEGE; an army of workmea
are putting the finishing touches on our near
home. 901-925 Golden Gate ave. The develop-
ment of '.his progressive school has been on»
of the greatest successes of the West: 13.000
square feet 35 rooms. 43 students. IS teach-
ers. Write' for 75-page Illustrated catalogue.
The growing life and enthusiasm here will ba
a constant Inspiration to you.
AYRES, the leading business colle$*. 723 Mar-
ket St.: established IS years; iife scholarship.
$30: bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
arithmetic, spelling, etc.: positions secured;
the college refurnished with new typewriter*
and furniture January 1. Catalogue free.
NEW juvenile d?oartment cf the Paul Orson
Sc'.iool of Actin? now open; applicants »e-
reivei from 0 to 12 years of age; Miss Lillian
Musclo. principal:, exceptional advantages:
largest school of the kind In th» West: send
for catalogue. Native Sons' Hall. 414 Mason.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST. S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
language*, telegraphy. English branches; day
and night sessions; Illustrated catalogue free.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the university, 'aw and medical colleges;
ref.. President Jordan or any Stanford profes-
sor: day and evening sessions. Phelan bide
HINMAN'S Academy; a thorough school of
dancing: established 20 years. 1412 Polk" St..
between Pine and California; both adult and
children'* classes are now open for the season.
A LARGER and school than ever; ent*?r
at once if you 'desire a good position: Gresc
shorthand. Ellis bcokkeeplns. S. F. Business
College. J236 Market st.
HEALD'S School of Mines & Electricity. 21 Fost
»t.. S. F.: a practical school of englneerlnc;
complete "equipment. Special catalogue free.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec.. mtn.. m»ch.. iur-
vey. _say. cyanide; day. ev.; est. 1S44. Van
der Xalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ST. JOSEPHS ACADEMY~PeraTta ParkT
Berkeley, boarding school for boys under 15.
BltO. GE.VEBERN, Director.
CARLOS N. KELLER, tenor soloint and teach-
er of the art of SINGING; piano taught. •
Studio 361 Geary st.
STENOGRAPHERS — Increase your «p»»d wlto
the graphophone; never tires. 463 Ellis st.,
room C5.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday. Sun-
day evg».. Teutonia Hall. Howard st.. near
Oth: Prof. Foster; society dancing, taught.
BANJO. mandolin and Kuitar thoroughly
taught: orchestra oractice. 4(2 Geary st.
SPANISH. French, etc.Prof.De FUlppe's Academy
of lauguages.320 Post;estab"d lS71;abte&t profj.
riANcT lesson*. 25c~ half" hourT" MRS. PECK?
experienced teacher. 1013 Mission, nr. Sixth.
sTrHOOlToF ILLUSTRATION DajTand
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine st Night class.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing.
etc. : day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission. nr. 6th.
K.MPLOY.MK.NT OFFICES.
GET your help at PINE JAPANESE EMPLOY-
MENT OFFICE »nd Houseclearuny Co.. I3M
Fine. nr. Jap. M. E. Church; phone Pol'* 5536.
GEORGE AOKI. 421 Fost St.; tel. Bush 135—
Japanese-Chinese rmplcyment offlc«; fur-
nishes best help; contracts for farm hejp. etc.
A — ORPIIEl'M Employment Office^ — Japanese*
Chinese help. 42H Powell. Tel. Main .1732.
A— GRAND Japcnese-Chlnese Emp. Office. 415
Stockton; tel. Grant 1GH; expert, reliable h«lp.
SWEDISH and German Female Employment
Office. 115 Franklin St.: phon« Folsom 2<W*.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main »t*H.
CHINESE and Japanese help: estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1907. BRADLF.T^ CO.. M0 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED-— FEMALE.
SCANDINAVIAN cook, also Scandinavian sec-
ond girl. Just from Washington. flrst-cla."««.
wish situations in the same family. See J.
F. CROSETT A CO.. Z'A Sutter «t.
STRONG, willing American woman wants work
by the day; $1 25 day; carfare; carp«*t clean-
ing and laundry work specialties: absolutely
reliable. MRS. WILSON. 174 Fourth St..
room lo. first flight. :.¦-. : .'•¦¦¦¦! ¦•.
MIDDLE- AGED-German woman, good cook anit
housekeeper, wants work In small family:
moderate wages; no objection to a child;
¦ city or country. 71>4 Folscm st.
"WANTED— A situation by elderly American
woman for housework and conking: wage.*
moderate anil good home. MRS. SMITH. IS
Seventh st.
ELDERLY woman wants situation t" do hous».
worfc In email private family: no objTtirms
city or country: no postals or letters. Ad-
dress 1100 Powell St.
DRESSMAKER, ladles' tailor and suitmaker.
cutter and fitter; gowns made at home or en-
gagements per day; only first-class work
done. E. C. BARSS. Sherman Hous". -3 8th.
GERMAN graduated teacher wishes position
In school, or as governess or companion: also
teaches French; best of references. Address
F. H.. Irvlngton. Alameda County.
A WOMAN wishM general housework In pri-
vate fam.ly; wages reasonable. 1073 V, Mar-
. ket at.
SWEDISH girl for general housework or cook-
Ing. Call at 32S Virginia ave., near Elsie
St.. off Mission.
A FIRST-CLASS Spanish. French and Ameri-
can cook wishes ration: dc#>9 not "P*ak Eng-
llsh: first-class and competent. «03 Stockton.
AN experienced girl wants portion -as wait-
ress in restaurar-t or hotel. 024 Larklu st.
POSITION by experienced stenographer; ref-
erence/ riven. Address Berkeley Realty Co..
2147 Center »fc. Berkeley. _
EXPERIENCED German cook wishes situation
in private family: best city references. 1023
Larkln at., near Sutter. .
POSITION as working housekeeper by young
¦ German woman: competent and reliable; best
of reference. 310 Duncan st.
LADIES' high-class dr-ssmaking and tailor-
Ing- few more engagement*; city references.
Phone Polk C6<*. r
W \NTED — A situation as upstairs girt. Call
or address M. M.. 12-Vj Bush st.
LAUNDRESS wants work by the day. 7«
FoUom st. Phone Red Z>n. :
GOOD honest Japanese girl wants plain cook-
ing and housework. 406 Poat St.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscription* r»c«lv«d at
Call Branch Office, cor. Duncan A Church sta.
WANT ads ¦ and subscriptions taken . for Th*
Call at Eaton's Bataar. 633 McAllister st.
BMPLOVMEST~WA^TE^^uS^
A. HA V DY* man with tools, understand* gar-
dening. Tnilklns. etc.. wishes situation.
ANDRE'S. 317 Stockton st. r
CIVIL ' engineer; specialty, railroad and
bridge construction; now ready for cnirase-
ments. Addressa J. H. C. box 714. Call. .
ENGINEER- and electrician desires • position;
extensive experience. . M. E.. W.1 Powell ,«t.
GOOD cock wants situation In hotel or boar**
Ins-house. Call at &S Folsom at.
8PIKITUAH9M.
MRS. DR MARTIN, wonderful spiritual heaN
er and business medium: raining a specialty:
advice I guarantee on all business proposi-
tions to be successful. My wonderful mag-
net will bring reconciliation and lasting peace
with the one you love; readings by mail most
satisfactory. $2; readings dally $1- develop-
ing class Thursday. S p. m. 502 Eddy sC
AUTOMATIC writing trance medium: readings
datly 1 to 6. 50c-$l; cir. Sun.. Mon.. Wed.
and Thur.. 2:30. 10c-2Sc. U Taylor, room 5.
PROF. Fred P. Evans, noted psychic for slate-
writing and clairvoyance; stamp for circular
1112 Eddy *t.. nr. OcUvta; phone Scott 887.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing seance to-night.
S o'clock, V. ll?84 Bush st.
ELSIE REYNOLDS' seance; for full forms
.Thursday evening, 50c. 32S Ellis st.
MRS. TRACY. H.-.~HyTe~!«t.. clairvoyant: cir-
_cka 10c. Trie. & Thur. 8 p.m.; reads. 50c-$l.
MME. YOUNG'S genuine spirit messages to-
night. 10?: readings daily. 610 McAllister st.
to-night, 10c. 3250 Twenty-second st.
KATIE HEUSSMANN'S circle Friday eve
25c: sit, dally. Harrison; tel. Mint 8971
MRS. LESTER, test and business medlunv
circle to-night. 10c; readings dally. 142 tun.'
E S!S. A f P. EARLE - 1<»2 Elll,. roadlnn dally.
P-.30 t» 4; >»«m— SnnrUT »nd Thor^day.
. " CI.A 1RVO VANT9.
A— PAUL DESTINE. '.
' Th * Flr « ,«'Kl»t«ed Trance Clairvoyant
-and Palmist Ever in San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
«™M no eh V*\ lt l fa " to te » you?n«ne. oc-
""T "wv h *L you calIed tor ' 1 Promise to
tell you whether, husband, wife or sweetheart
Js true or false: tell who and when you will
fmJSTlUM^*- VJ*" 1 te " ever y hope. y ?e.r or
?J£ni. ¦ .u better than you can te » yourself: I
m»« *,?* seaarated - «»tore lost affections.
irS !n S? Py i m » rrla *«- « lve B«x«l luck, restore
¦Sin O Farr#H at. I^jw f»» this week $1.
MME. ~ THE FAMOT'^
-Clairvoyant and business medium S
"«>«y located at 17 Third st.. next Exk™™er
bhJ^. : she reads your life correctly Elves^ an
accurate description of the past reveaU the
pr V ent happening* and portrays events tl
occur in the future; If you are in trouble
. discontented, or not satisfied with life cr
-, a H*»M me8t!c ; IOV^ or »"«'««» troubles. %on!
, g a^?,!^^
"iSfJ?!* » th * E « r » )tI * n **P«*. clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
¦^•'. CO «: ¦ Tterk !:Prt~.t« reading, dally ia!
: «J3ar_g.5sy;_i a wgg
MME. - PARKHUFiST.\ clairvoyant .nri" Z
iiafeB8e___B^_g
MRS. A. "H. KRONEN BERG nalml«» e.,i "
voyant. card ! reader; when oth?rsTa?l trv ml".
MME. PARKHURST. clairvoyant and ~,7
;A iaar^aray..»-Jrsara_-
MRS; BROWN, clarvoyant. card reader r«J
;-. moved from 133 6th to offiet" to., gff'^ 60c"
--f-t-i
LODGING HOI fSKS FOR SALK— -Con.
C. B) HINKI.ET, FlI^lT^rNT^TOoT
1020 Markct St., Or>p. Fifth.
Former p«trons my best references.
Reliable dealing. Easy terms. Clear titlf*.
• "ountry correspondence promptly answered.
Part cash. Balance monthly payments.
lti roorns; Geary St.; speculation $750
31 rooma;' sunny corner; rent $5."i $it>0<>
7 rooms: Leavenworth st.: rent $."ti> $;UV>
•;0 rooms; Matket st.: liquor license $4000
17 rooms: Pine fit. ; clear $SO I $700
Jt rooms: Sutter st.; partially furnished. $:t5O
12 rooms; California St.: rent $50; a snap. $7W>
31 rooms; Fourth and Market; a gift.'. . .$1500
10 rooms; Geary Ft.; clears $40; rent $2S.. $.V»>
2* rooms; Ixavenworth st.; speculation. .$lf>00
10 rooms; Rush *>t.; rent S.'t" 50; only.... $450
.t2 rooms: Market st.; ft years' lease $25Oo
1« rooms; boarding: offer wapted - $ftOO
100 rooms: grand sunny corner.. $700O
IS rooms: K unfurnished; rent $45 ?50O
"5 rooms; transient; lease .$1500
20 rooms; lease; electric light* $(!50
N rooms: Post st.: rent $^2; only. ...'... $250
A— CA LIFORNIA INVESTM ENT CO..
Phone Black tRHH. 777«i Market st.
• Rank References— —
Anv House Sold on Easy Terms.
A— « ROOMS, house: good furniture: block of
Market st. : rent $20: Rnnn for $175. 777',^
Market st.
A— 8- ROOM tlat: elegantly furniaherl: Gears',
St.: price $«0(»: easy terms. 777Vi Market st;
A— 3 ROOMS: nicely furnished: good loc.: rent
only $22 50; bargain: S»25. 777«i Market sL
A--10 ROOMS: nicely furnished: light rooms; on
Oeary; only $550. CAL. INVESTMENT CO.
A — BARGAIN: 12 rm?. and stable. N. of .Mkt.:
good furnishings; piano, sewing- machine; rent
$.15; price $«k"»0; <asy terms. 777^4 Market «ti
A— GOOD buy: 11 rooms. N. of Market; fur-
" nlshed O. K.: rent $tf0; price $650. 777 Vi Mkt.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 10 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1,-
postage .paid. ¦ •
LODGING-HOIJSBS WANTED..
AM looking for a good lodging-house; one. that
will pay a good percentage on Investment;
If you have It give price and location. Dux
44S. Call office. .. . , •
I WANT a medium-sized lodging-house ' In a
desirable location; reasonable rent. -Address
box 672. Call. • , ; " ¦--
WANTED— A lodging-house, about 40 rooms:
Box fiSl. Call office. . r ¦ ,.. , ;
AGENTS "WANTED. V • '•
AT once— lst-class agents to handle patented
novelties in San Francisco & Alameda coun- i
ties; fine .shances for St. Louis Exposition;
special terms to right parties. • A. Dove Gar-
butt, Western Industrial Co.,i rear office. 468
9th st.. Oakland. 10 to 1 p. m. & 2 to 6 p.m.
GRAND opportunity; city or country territory-
best oil burner In the market .for cook stoves
ranges and grates: reduces cost of fuel one-
, half: agents wanted everywhere. PERFEC-
TION OIL BURNER CO.. SaSiMlsslon st. ;
AGENTS — An agency for a proposition -that- is
a decided Improvement on building and -loan
Is worth having. Great Western ' Improve-
ment Company. Parrott building; . .: i
:
BY mfgrs. act., accounts or '¦-' Pacific i Coast
mfgrs. cf paper and other. staples and spe-
cialties for Chicago and vicinity. ." Box 5293
Call .office. •-.¦¦. - ¦¦-.'
,'_¦__:_ ASTROLOGY. : ' ¦ ' >
MRS. J. FRANCIS, astrologlst: lessons; ' read-
lnirs: hoors 10 to 6. Suite 10. Hotel: Lanrham.
collection orricEi..: ; *
BAD tenants ejected -for $4; collections' made:
city : or country. PACIFIC ' COLLECTION
CO. : - 415 Montgomery, rooma 9-10: <. tel. . tSSS.
HUMES 8OPTUIE.*; I • r - -' . >¦ '.
WHO DOES ¦ ITT HUNTER. 1206 ' Market I »u
Send for circular. Why will you 1 suffer?. • ,: '
LODGING' HOUSES **<>** SALE— Con.
MARION GRIFFIN.
406 Hearst bldg., over "Examiner" entrance.
Modern business methods In fine front offices.
Phone Black 3H07 or take elevator to 4th floor.
Up-to-date tlt|e abstract free with every sale.
We do business strictly according to law.
DO you want a blar transient house?
ONE that will clear $S0O a month?
WE have that kind of a house.
OFFERED at $1000 Jess than Its value.
OWNER has been called out of the city.
GREATEST money-maker in San Francisco.
MARION GRIFFIN, 406 Examiner Building.
BARGAIN of the city: corner apartment-bouse
of ISO rooms elegantly furnished, always full
and clearing $514 monthly; inexpensively oper-
ated compared with other houses of similar
character; low rent; will clear 40 per cent per
annum on purchase price.
MARION GRIFFIN. .406 Examiner Building
WIFE in hospital causes sacrifice of 31 rooms;
li block of Market; rent $110 with lease:
reduced to $1500; will take a" flat tn trade.
MARION GRIFFIN. 40tt Examiner Building.
NEW house. 4 blocks north of Market; 30
large, desirable rooms; low rent: 3-year
lease; most artistically furnished; will clear
$200 to $300 owing to management.
MARION GRIFFIN. 40« Examiner Building.
CORNER near City Hall; splendid, sunny; 23
rooms: steady.- respectable roomers; r«:nt $125;
profit exactly $145 monthly: don't fall to maUe
an offer to MARION GRIFFIN quick. •
R. R. MEN *.re the roomers In my 80-room .
house; rent $240; income $5«0; price $5000:
yet due for furniture $2300; will exchange
equity for real estate worth $2500. See my a«t.,
MARION GRIFFIN, about It.
GENUINE bargain and GOOD HOME; 26
rooms on sunny corner north ot Market; splen-
didly furnished; rent very reasonable; price
$225O if. Bold this week. See MARION GRIF-
FIN. . ; ' "- ....'. ¦ ¦
ABSOLUTELY clean and respectable: 20 rooms
In heart of high-toned pc-tlon of city; rent
only $100 per month; g.^ranteed to clear $90:
this Is an opportunity seldom offered: if you
want this snap see my only agent.
MARION GRIFFIN, r. 40ti. Examiner Bldg.
S-NNY corner; C2-room bay-window house;
clears $341 month; .1-year lease; rent $225;
every room full of sunshine; If looking for
a respectable money-maker and good
Investment see, my agent. MARION. GRIFFIN.
PERFECT bandbox of a~house; 24 rooms
on Sutter St.: tony and up-to-date: full o'
steady roomers, "but could be -.wde to V.'. '
clear $200 month. See MARION GRIFFIN.
LITTLE payment ($500) takes a 15-room
NL. corner 5 blocks north of Market: price
$1000: better see It before buying. elsewhere.
r MARION GRIFFIN. 400 Examiner Building.
' N'ORMOUS dividends and safe as U. S. bonds;
new 48-room apartment^house r \rlng $2«7O
yearly; price $4500. -See MARION GRIFFL>.
VACANT — 82 rooms, north of Market: will
lease for 5 years $5^ room and furnish to suit
tenant. MARION GRIFFIN is my agent.
ARISTOCRATIC family ho -ion corner: faah-
lonab.e neighborhood ;¦ 50- rooms all outside; fur-
niture very .best; carpets v velvet: '.rent only
$.j0; : monthly profit - $450 : shown . by accurate
b ik accounts: price reduced ' - $5500; terms
14 cash, balance monthly Installments to suit
buyer; cause dissolution of - partnership. '
MARION GRIFFIN, r. 406. Examiner Bldg.
HANDSOMELY^ furnl8h.cd. . isunny 10-room
¦ hcuse;. rent .only. $.18; .splendid, location In
Western Addition; -always full; clears $35
over expenses, aside from. very large room
• for owner; price reduced to $600: the bargain
of. the city. .MARION GRIFFIN. 406 Exam-
'.'. Inert building. ;.__-¦ .. , .
FOR SALE— A BOARDING-HOUSE: MEDIUM
. SIZE; ELEGANTLY FURNISHED; LOCA-
: TION BEST IN -THE r CITY:: LEASE:
: OWNER ¦: LEAVING TOWN." ~ . BOX 2S56
:¦ CALL OFFICEA : • , . ; "
62-ROOM "• house; Ion* '.lease; "foil. 1 of steady
. . rooipers: bargain. .... Box. 709. \ Call; office.
A WEEK'S news for S cent*— The "Weekly Call
•-16;pages. Iniwrapper. for mailing.' $1 per ;nt.
ATTOr.JtEYS.AT-LAW.
W. H. BITTNKR.
ATTORNEY AND COUNSELOR AT LAW.
Advice free. Phone South 743.
Puite 322. Emma Spreckels building.
Divorces quietly and legally obtained for
eight causec; damages secured for injuries to
perpor, or estate; replevins for property un-
lawfullj"»Jetalned; attachments and garnish-
ments for debts; bonds furnlehed; bankruptcy
proceedings; wills probated; estates settled;
collections made In all parts of the U. S.
A PRIVATE, quick dtvorce for a small fee.
i See me and tave money; no pay in advance.
| G. W. HOWE. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.
Established 22 yrs.; rms. 1. 2. 3. 4 & 5, 1st fl.
1122 Market St.. between Mason and Taylor.
Advice free all matters. Detectives employed.
R. W. KING. Attorney-at-Law. Exam. bldg..
Cth floor, entrance room Kll; established 5JO
years; all cases; general court and office prac-
tice; no fee jn advance or for consultation;
evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3061.
GEO. W. AVKR1LL: advice given in all cases;
divorce, probate, bankruptcy and attachment
*ui«s a specialty; practice In both State and
Kederal courts. Room 465. 4th floor. Parrott
bldg.. K55 Market St.: phone Howard 2151.
ADVICE free — I will advance cost In meritori-
ous cases; divorces, probate and all other law
cases; no fees in advance; open every even-
! Ing. J. M. THURSTON. S19 Market st., r. 31.
1 ADVICE FREE. .
CohUObtaa Law and Collection Agency.
Room S5. 91ti Markct St.; tel John €226.
DIVORCE co*ts $12; open evenings: tenants
ejected. $3. 916 Maiket, r.62; phone Black 051.
DIVORCE — Costs. $12: quick, quiet; advice
free; open evenings. 927 Market St.. r. 301.
L. S. CLARK. 027 Market St.; consultation
free: no fees In advance; open evenings.
AUTOMOBILES.
ALMOST new steam dns a dos, for four peo-
ple; com $10J0; must sell; will take 5500
cash. If interested Investigate this. P. O.
box 151. Oakland.
BIRDS. DOGS. ETC.
Selling out Holler Canary Hirds. males and fe-
n;al«»s: Oolilfliich Canary i*ul*s. 3168 10th st.
UtSIXESS CHANCES.
A— $:{.">f>0: THE leading reEtaurant of this city,
rent $150; surrounded by :; theaters; private
boxes for ladies; a first-class paying place.
R. G. WILKE. 26hi Kearny St.
A— $1600; SALOON; rent $40; place doing a
good business; clearing for owner at least
$2f><> per month; patronized by merchants and
printers mostly; no night or Sunday work; a
rare chance. Particulars R. G. WILKE. '-6Va
Koarny et.
A— $1200; CORNER suloon on Clay St.. near
Front: mercantile lunch: rent ?45; establish-
ed yrars; good business. R. G. WILKE.
2t^i Kearny st.
A— JKOO; CIGAR stand on California St., near
Sansome; rent tiO; value in sight: a place
where any man easily can clear $200 per
month. See R. G. WILKE. 201$ Kearny et.
A— $1000; RESTAURANT and coffee saloon
jurt a few doors from Market st. ; owners
clearing at lrast $Jf>0 per month; will give
trial to purchaser if he means business;
Flckness of one of the partners only cause
of ta!e. If you invest in this business your
money is well invested. See R. G. WILKE.
26'.i Keerny st.
A— J4')00: CORNER saloon In wholesale dis-
trict: net rent SC5; l»>ase: this Is one of the
leadins and best paying places in this city;
no night work. Call R. G. WILKE. 26 l ,i
Krarny st. •
A— $12."J0: DELICATESSEN and dairy produce
More: close to Markct and Stockton st«. :
large stoi-k; clears at least $250 jx»r month;
full value in sisht; a splendid offer. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26 Vj Kearny st.
A— ROADHOUEE with 15 newly furnished
rooms; bathroom, barn. 1 cart. 1 electric
rtono: 10 years' lease; rent $4J; price $MuOO;
huMnrps very good: that is all. -For particu-
lars tee n. G. WILKE. 2Gi£ Kearny St.
A— $1500; BUTCHER Fhop in Western Addi-
tion; rent $40; weekly *ale about 4 steers.
2!V shPtp: 1 horst. 1 wagon; daily receipts
about $10. Pee R. G. WILKE. -Vi Kearny.
A— S17M>: CORNER grocery and bar
Guerrero st.: l»ase; a eood ray'ns business;
fre*h Ftock; nil cash trade. Particulars R.
G WILKE. 2«VS Kcarny st.
A— $1400; CORNER grocery and bar on De-
vis-adero ft.; owner has a fine paying busi-
ness. ,but family affairs compel him to
leave for East. See R. G. WILKE. 26H
K*>arny et.
A — $«OO : DRY roods and notion store with 4'
finf furnished rooms on Mission st.; eplendid
chance for man and wife Call R G
WILKE. 2S!4 Kearny st.
A— ?150ft; THE best oyster stand in Portland.
Or.; a man with fli>t-class references can
leave $700 stand on the business. See R G.
_WILKE. 2O'i Kearny it.
A- $r,<io— BRANCH ljakery"~a"nd~ candy Ktore.
with living rooms; dally r«*c«-|pts about $10;
rh"i<*st location in the Mission. See R. G.
WILKK. 2<;>i Keamy st.
A KXTRA RARE cTTaNCE
PARTNER WANTED
'VfTr-c sal'^on roMaiiiajit; br-st ito.sslble loca-
tion: trade the very hfft : owner 9 years;
elegant in *ll its appointments; full investiga-
tion; price $i < .V)o.
A STEXBERGJ JTOJa Market Ft.
A— CANDY store; only $275 1 ~
Worth $.-.00
Factory in re«t; rent $12. Tor sale only by
A. BTEXBEnO. 7Vti; Market st.
OI'R lew "I>iip!ex-S'-ale System" won over 200
per cent in lh«> past 22 days on Frisco races;
f'»r |>ro< te j.n-1 references ask any subscriber
• ¦n «ur li.-t. or call and Investigate; explana-
tion free ta r*-KUlar Mibpcrihois at our office
• miy; ootmslseioiia handle.! on this system for
25 per cent .if the net weekly profits. Terms
fcr our Handicap fhceis. $2 p<»r day or $10
per week. N. S. HANK, expert handicapper,
rooms 1, 2 and 2, n:: Sto«kton Ft.. S. F.
A— 3 PER CENT MONTHLY.
On Investments of $100 and upward: no "g»t-
ric!i-*julck" swindle, turf speculation or gam-
bling Fcheme, but a reputable, established
burlnecs enterprise In San Francisco: clear»d
$»>7.fioo lest >«rar on $100,000 capital; stock
lccn-afed $20,000 to enlarge the plant; call
er write for particular*.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. »27 Market st.
FIFTEEN YEARS ESTABLISHED
Clntblae, hat and furni»h<ns goods store;
$10,000 rt«jck; four years lease to. run;
Kearny nt.. east side, between Slitter and
Btnh; tinii-r callery and finished basement:
the reaton for adllns Is the proprietor wishes
to ilcvute bi» entire attention to his other
t-toi". Address box 7.'Kt. Call office.
FIFTEEN YEARS ESTABLISHED
Clothlns. hat "and furnishing goods store;
$10.<xx> Mock; four years lease to run:
Kearny «. east side, between Sutter and
Hush; upper gallery and finished basement;
the rcas-on for selling Is the proprietor wishes
to devote his entire attention to his other
qtorc Address box 7»9. Call office.
CALL and see the list of lodgtng-houaes from
6 to 200 rooms; cheap rents; hotels, road-
houses, saloons, restaurants, groceries, livery
stable* bought and sold and - exchanged ;
money loaned on chattels; millinery store to
exchange. EITEL. & CARROLL. 212 Kearny.
A— $2200: CORNER grocery; 4 living rooms in
back; govd horse and wagon; receipts over
$1200 per month; owner owns building; will
Kive lea->e; rent '$27 50. Address box 1O0S,
Callcflicf, Oakland.
PHOTOGRAPH rtudio at a great bargain;
choice location on Market St.; buyer can In-
vest from $lu0 .to $«00. as will sell all or
part of instruments, etc. Apply to SHILL-
UOCK. XT.7 Miasion st.
FOR eale — Either the goods or territory on a
fine article to put In the trade; a fine chance
for traveling salesman. Call on R. E. GRAF
30 Post st.. room IS.
ON account of having to leave the city, I will
pell my restaurant, located on Hayes st., at
the low price of $300; the rent ia very reason-
able. Address box 4^9. Call office.
PLANING mill for eale; complete mill, in^
eluding sash and door machinery; fine loca-
tion; well established business; located In
Alameda Co. Address p. Q. box 347,Oakland.
WANTED — A restaurant In a good town or
city ontaide of San Francisco; please give
full, particulars and price asked. Address
bo* 4Ms Call office.
STEADY man to attend counter and take cash
In restaurant; %'iO monthly and meals; >ij&
cash required." Pacific Realty. 209 Kearny st.
WE sell lodging-houses, restaurants, cigar
stands, all pricey $150 up; city and country
property. Boston Real Estate Co.. 8 Mason.
MUST he Hold at once; rare chance: well estab-
lished Haloon bus. : choicest* location; only
principals need apply. L. S., box 722, Call.
Al PATENT 25c article, on exhibition at
Matcos', 4G8 Eddy: half $3500; whole $15,000
Demands for 50.000.000: call at 1 o'clock.
WANTED— Man with small capital;- old es-
tablished commission business; no experience
necessary. Box 1007/ Call office. Oakland. •
THE PACIFIC BUSINESS ASSOCIATION.
1I4S Market, "buys real: estate and has
real estate and . businesses for gale.
FOR eale — Ncwatand and branch poetofflce;
must sell this week; rent reasonable and
price low. Address box 453. CalL _-
$900—1(1 ROOMS; best location; rent $60;,bar-
, , cain. Particulars- 400 O'Farrell. clsar; store.
THE CALL
D. SPBEC_E_S. Proprietor.
igtoss Zzmmmmf\nmu:n\lW, Kaiagtr
W. J. MARTIN 1 Business Manager
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
nect You With the Department You Wish.
Publication Office Market and Third. S. F.
Editorial Room to _1 Stevenson «L
Delivered by Carriers. »» Clr. Per Week. 75
Cts Per Month, fcirgle Copies 5 Cent«.
Terms by Mail. Including Postage tCasn With
Order):
DAILY CALL (includ. Sunday). 1 year.. 5S 00
.DAILY CALL ilnclud. Sunday). 0 moa.. 4 00
DAILY CALL— Ey Single Momh 75c
KCNDAY CALL 1 Year 2 50
MEEKLY CALL, 1 Ytar !•<*>
Fonrinv pally. .$S.SO Per Tear Extra
tr>i-T-»r : i? -Sunday. 4.15 Per Year Kxtra.
*-u*-?a<j_ I Weekly. 1.0D Per Year Extra
A.LL roSTJIAPTEKS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
tamp> Copies .will be forwarded when re-
quested.
Me:! eubfcribeni in ordering change of ad-
4r«» thouli b» particular to Rive both NEW
AXD OLD ADDRESS in order to Injure a
prompt and correct compliance with their re-
quest.
OAKLAND OFFICE.
1118 Broadway Telephone Main 10S3
BERKELEY OFFICE.
£148 Center Street Telephone North 77
VFABBJSSGfOS CORRESPONDENT.
—ORTON L". CRANE 140« G Street. N. W.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
"aldorf- AKtcrtR Hotel; A. Bretano. 31
tTaion Square: Murray Hl'.I Hotel; Fifth-ave-
Bue HcWI and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Fherman House: I*. O. News Co.: Great
Northern Howl; Trrraont House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C GEORGE KRO«iNESS..Marquette Building
(Long Distance Telephone. "Central 1K13."J
NFTW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH o« Tribune" Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLT0N Herald Square
Bt'PINE^S OFFICE r»f th' Pan Francisco
Call, corner Market and Third ttreete: open
until 12 o'clock ovrry nijcM in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
If>f*i Market street, trpoyitc Fifth; epen until
11 p. m.
f27 Montgomery street corner Clay; open un-
til J»:30 p- tn.
S00 11m.-,. Ftreet; op'n until P:.T) p. m.
*i."» M<-Alll6tfr street: open until 9:30 p. m.
«1R I-«rkin street: open until »:.10 p. m.
1I>4I MifFion ftreet; op*n until lo r. m.
r_ ( 'l Market street, corner Sixteenth; open un-
til 9 p. m.
KHi Eleventh street: epen until 9 r- rn.
I0?6 Valencia rrreet; . pen until 'J p. m.
Northrsn rorr.er Church and Duncan streets;
open until 9 p. m.
JCrr;}iw«-*t cv-;rn^r of Twenty. *«»c<-.nd and Ken-
tuck Ftrrets: cp<~n until U j> m.
TV** Fillm^rr »tiwi; oi^n until !> p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
REGULAR noPtiriR of Pan Fran- r- >
ritco <'cr.pistory No. 1. A. arul Jti&r
" U I-*- 1,'i'i in Maso; 1: . •: nij.'i.' |HHk|
i 111 l:.-i>\ >¦ i ¦. i : \i •; . . . fu*ijp*jSi^
w»K»n the tUrtY-meeaaA df-cr> e Eafitsi
will be conferred ujion » laige
c]Htr (f .andioat'«. All Mating bu-thrcn
arc cordially invitt-d.
, _ HEXnT BCDXER, Registrar.
KiestOX Cbaoter K«.^n; n.'A M.— - «
Mst.d m«^tinjr THIS CTIItTRSDATI V^"
EVEXnCG. Ti!:o o'< lo. k. Royal Arch 7^\
degree. By or.i«-r of tho H. p. .>?-
JNO R. IIILLMAN. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA l/o4gr No. l~r nn ,i a q
M.. will mr»t 'niLS CraUI_OAV) YY
KVENING. at 7:89 o'.lo^k. Socon.l
defcTee. :
m FRANKLIN H. DAV. Secretary.
FIDELITY U)_» Xo.'J20. r/ and'A: q
M. Special nif^tinc THIS (THCKS- W\T
DAT) k\j:nlv<;. ki ; : :;o ...lock. /^^
Kirn d»gr»-^. Masons cordially in-
vitfd. By order «.f th«- W. M
KRKDErtK.K BABBT. See.
fcOCTTI ?«n FranrjK -o Ix«1sr> N<> "1- 9
I", and A. M.. necta THIS (THUKS- Vy
DATI EVENING, at 7:.;<» o'clock, for /^N
wcond dt-grrc. By ...rder r.f the Mas-
r = tw. K.>C. MARE. Secretary.
DORK" Istg- No. 21«. •-. f.ji.1 A. M — «
Sf.^n-I d'sr*-r THIS (THIRSI >A Y) VV
CVnSilKG. at 7:39 o'clock. I?v order
of thr Ua— er. '
•'- R. GOLDSMITH. S«». .
flTAHR KING L-v| C o : vO . .".4»~l*. aii<! o
A. M.. ::i7 De?risao>ro *:.— Third -1-- *vS^
prof- THIS EVENING. at T .::<» /W\
»j>l<"-k. Miser Ma^..n* cr>r.iially in-
\ifd. By order of th* W. M.
A. A. ANDERSON. S<v-r»>fary.
pnrf-TDK. uid K r"xo. r,r,4~F. and'T a
M. — Friiowi-raft decree THIS^/V
(THCBSDAVI KVKMN.;. Mt T::;i»
O"clr»k. IJj- nrdT Of t!;c MaHT
, B. U UESSELTINK. S.<rotaiy.
LODGK Fr«n'-tj-A:-|)'>rirHin»- Xo * aw«..
2f>T. I. O. O. F. — Memli^is nro rr>- .•* y^&fi^
qu"Flfd to attend out i-,<-xt r«~ff-i- :3^^SC*l | S»
liir mating. TUCKSDAT. .Innu-
«ry 21. Initiations:. Visitors »r<- w«i.-..me
.1. DUIHEO. N. G.
L. L. BE_T. Si"rrtar>-.
GOLDEN W«>ei I»dE»> No.^325 I ...-_.^
O. O. F. — lnitiHtl"i TIMS^WSttk%fe.
iTHIR^DAY) KVI'MNf;, .Ian.
21. Men-.l^-rK pira^r atfn.i. VI;-- *^9w£t!&'
Iting brothert cordially ln\1ted.
; U. \V. CLARKE. N. G.
TO the OffWrs and Kenibera of the ftljtEr-r*'
»r>d Ste\«vJor»^' I'ninti. I^«al 2_ of th<- 1
1^., M. and T. A.: You arr bmfay notifi<vi
to att«-iiri a *j#.-ial mretins r.f V.\\s union
TO-NIGHT <TIIIRS1>AY>. Jsniiary 21 I'.MM
J<y ordor of TIK iM A.S L. HRYANT. I'rcs.
HENRY JENK, Rr> c . «nd r C r. Sec.
ANNl'AL MwtinR— Th<» regular annual mert-
ing of thr- lot nunerf jn the Mas-.n'r «-»"r^' ry
mm t-e held »,t th- MaM_s T*"mp.e on Ti'E.S-
IJAY. February 2. Mli. at 2 o'clock p. tn .
for Jhe election of three tru^r^s and auch
buEiners as may legs My or.me^x.for« them
m THEO. VP.OLICH. Kerrr-tary.
CTOCKHOLDERS' MEETING~ (Annual) — To
the 6tockho!dpn< of the Oceanic Steamship
Cowrany — Pl»ase t«V«> notice that 'ht- an-
rual meeting of the Mockhold^rs of the
Ocean»r St»>amrh!r> Company will t>e held at
the principal offlce or the company (I e
fZJ Market rt.. room. 4. second floor)' in
the city and county of San Francisco. State
• *!l f* 11 ' 0 ™'" «n THURSDAY, the 21st day
cf Jaruary. A. D. 1!><>4. et 11 o'cloc* a. m.
for the rurpose cf electing <Urrctort and for
the transaction cf men other buslnew a*
taay properly ccme Wore the meeting The
•tcck transfer book, cf the company will t»
desed ten <10) days prior to taid cay of
tntetlng. By order of the Board of Directors
H. TV. THOMAS. Secretary Oceanic Steam-
ship Company. „? Market «t.. San Fran-
C.»co. Cal.
ANNUAL Meotlng— Tire rr^jiar annual meet-
ing of the MorkhoMcru of the Union Tru=t
Oimpany of San Francisco will be held at the
clfue of t!>" company in the Union Trust
Company'* buiidinR. corner Post. Motitgom.
T?n*££rH a v Vi Franc "=™. <-al- on
THIUSDAV the 4th .Uy of Fcbruarv lW»
et the h-.ur of - D*dock p. m., for t!.e pur-
pose of meeting a board of directors to serve
for the f.Ilowh-g year, the amendment of the
ty-la»s of the company snd the transaction
the* m.~tir! Uslnes * " nla > r come before
- j-'HARLKS J. ni:Er:iNG. Secretary.
NOTICE ef annual meeting— The regular an-
">¦"¦', n^ing of the ftockholderg of the
t.ellfornla o*« and Electric Corporation will
t>e beld at the office of the company i>lxth
floor. Rlalto building. Kan Francisco' CaL
on TUESDAY. January 2C 1!XH at the
hour or 3:15 p. m.. for the purpose' of elect-
ing a Pcard or Director* to serve for the
rnsuing >rar and to transact such other
hutlncE as may come before the meeting
Transfer books wi:i clote on January „ at
6 o clock p .m.
C. W. CONL1SK. Secretary.
P-com €27. rtlalto building, city.
ANNUAL Meeting— The resular annual meet-
ing \>f the Ktockhclder* o f The National Ic*
Company will b? held at the office of the
co ™J?2S;J5L,¥. 1 i? tet fct *' '" an F ranclsco. Cal..
ISKM. «t the hour of 11 o'clock a. m. 'or the
purpose, of electing a boar! of directors to
• -rve for the mulng year and the tran*ac-
' f ,urme"^. bUSlnCS3 " may «»•
< J. T. DONAHUE. Secretary.
" CHEAPEST an<! bes t In America— The Weekly
?V'J C « p f"' 6^ It to any «<5<lre»» in tht
United Ftatcs or Canada one year for $1.
ADTEETTSrKEITT 'WTUTiarO.
HAVING recently acquired tbrousn"~e7ch_)Ke
ot property three $ltf echolarshlps m the be«t
College cf AdvcrtiElns tn the United States
I will sell them at 2T. per cent discount for
cash: the college teaches advertisement writ-
Ing by correspondence and assists Jts grad-
. tiatec to seenre. petitions; catalogue* tur-
. Uched on application. Address box 3020 CalL
BPSIXESS CHAXCES— Continued.
106-ROOM family hotel on finest etreet in
city; grand new building; beaatiful entrance;
new and luxuriously furnished, catering only
to first-class trade; the cuisine unsurpassed;
hot and cold ocean water baths: every
equipment ud to date: clearing 51200 per
month; account of owner leaving city this
fine hotel will be sacrificed for one-third less
than cost: If isold by February 1. price
S15.00O. Exclusively with .CAMERON &
CO.. 3 Eddy st. • •
WANTED— First-class restaurant man with
*ome money to take dlningr-room kitchen In
| swellest apartment house In city; no other
restaurant within 5 blocks. CAMERON &
CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale or trade — Quartz mine; fine prospect:
located In Cal.; assays J40 to $70 ton: trade
for r'mg house or business. Cameron. 3 Eddy
FOR sale— Well-located candy store: all equip-
ped for making own candles: established 8
years; clearing over $200 per month: will in-
volc. about $1200. CAMERON. 3 Eddy st.
HIGHEST cash price paid for stocks of mer-
chandise. See A. CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy.
FOR trade— Ineome-bearlnp city property for ,
Ptockn of merchandise; any amount. CAM-
ERON & co. ¦• .:„•¦-¦?$ .
FOR sale— One of the best restaurants in city:
cheap rent: receipts $75 to $100 per day: will
bear investigation: price $1,100: also one In
Koort location for $350. CAMERON & CO..
3 Eddy ft. ;¦¦:'..".-;
$2250— BUTCHER shop; elegantly fitted up;
splendid location: fine trade; can be greatly
increased. Box 440 Call.
IF you have a delicatessen store or restaurant
you want <o sell, or a good place to open one,
address box 434. Call office. ¦
HAVE $50o; want partner with like amount for
paying business: must also give services.
Addree* box 4S0, Call office.
FOR sale— Lumber yard; Rood location; excel-
lent chance to get a yard on small payment
down; no acents. Box' 375. Call.
WANTED— -To l>uy retail liquor lic<?nso; rea-
ponable fli^ure; state price. Box ~1f». Call.
A BAKERY i" Boori country town to rent.
Inqnire ¦»(>« McAllister st.
BMAI~ dairy cheap on account of sickness;
clearing $150 mo. 4ri.*> Montgomery, rm. 4.
FT»n sale— Oyster and chophousc; cause, trouble
b.*twe.<>n partner*: must b»> Bold. 'UKIH I'ost st.
$2M>— INVOICE $500; grocery; fine fixtures and
location; rert $15: 4 rooms. Box 720, Call.
FOR «wl° — Saloop. Call at (gs Mission st.
FIRST-CLASS stove and hardware store for
sale, rheup. account departure. Box 7-4. Call.
RESTAURANT for sale— 1 living room; rent
$1ti. 272 Brannan st. -u
BLACKSMITH shop for sale nr to let. In-
quire at corner of Folsom and Army st.
535_CIOAR stand; Market Ft. ; fine location:
:»-?>s ihan invoice. 20U Keamy st., room 1.
WOMAN", pood rook, wants a man with $12.'> ss
partner in lunch and coffee parlor. 231 4th.
OYSTER-HOUSE for.6al«>; center of Oakland.
460 7th St.. bet. Broadway and Washington.
WANTED — A six-day restaurant in Rood loca-
tion: state .full particulars. Box 043. Call.
CIGAR stand wanted on a good corner down-
town. Address with price, etc.. , box 6<8, Call.
I WILL buy a butcher shop In a good loca-
tion: will i>ay cash. Box 654, Call.
WANTED — Stationery and notion store: atate
prk-e: rent. etc. Box 443. Call.
FOR sale — $350: country 1 acksmtth shop:
Rood location. Apply 1C Bealc st.
FOR *a1e — Outside route on Call. Apply ol61
Twenty-fourth st.
FOR sale — Complete dyeing and cleaning works;
good location. Box 2^00, Call office.
WANTED — Cl*ar stand: Bive price and loca-
tion. Pox 441. Call office^
VERY low fisure: well .stocked.' good payfns
•cor. bazaar; must be sold. 1600 Devisadero.
l.Ol>GIXi-H«U,»»KS KOR SAI.K.
A. CAMERON & CO.. Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy 6t.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for roomins-houses, hotels and
all kinds of business chances.
10*i-ror>m modern family hotel; swell loca-
tion: first-claps trad*-; o'-«'an baths: everything
up to date: clearing $12*V) per month: will be
wrlficd for one-third I?** than cost to fur-
nish; ubliged to leave February 1; price $10,-
000.
20 rooms: rent $75; 2 years' lease: good per-
manent and transient house; price $1200.
4t rooms: rfnt only $125; S years' lease; run-
nfns water; everything In good condition;
clears $12t> to $150 per month; price $2S0O.
19 rooms; corn-r: rent $9.*>; oak furniture;
good Varpets; hair mattresses; part cash, bal-
ance on time.
f»S rooms; rent $250; 2 years' lea*e: well fur-
niched throuehout: close fn: first-class board-
lnR- house; clearing S2.V) per month.
T> rooms and bath; rent SJ*!; water free: new,
modern flat, furnished 1 year; price ?300.
220 rooms: grand, new. modern apartment-
luous": elegantly furnished: swell location;
Hearing $40W to $600 per month; golden oppor-
tunity.
30 rooms: rent $H5: fine' lorat ion: all on 2
flocrs; 3 years' leas*; clears $HO; full; $2000.
125 rooms; first-class downtown house; 5-
year lease: cheau rent: private baths; doing
fine commercial business; reduced; see this.
47 rooms; rent $12!>;'good lea*": fine location;
some apartments always full; clears $200.
11C rooms; new, elegantly appointed apart-
ment-house; one of the sweliest-ln city; clear-
ing $500 to $C00 month: sDlendid opportunity.
7-room. new. modern flat: $450 cash, balance
on installments; Income $45; price $550.
v 24 rooms: rent $140: newly furnished: fine
neighborhood; close in; always full. ,
162 rooms; most eleeantly appointed apart-
m«>nt-hou><e In Kan Francisco: beautiful, mod-
ern building; fine entrance; cheap rent: clear-
ing $400 per month: ft-year lease; part cash,
balance 8 per cent per year.
8 rooms; golden oak. fur.: Moquet carpets,
oil paintings: must leave city; make offer.
W> room*: rent only $2OO; downtown hou:te;
always full: clearing $200 to $300 month; new-
ly renovated and in fine condition.
15 rooms: Van Nens ave.: oak and mahogany
furniture; a bargain if taken at once.
SR rooms; bonton location; elegant building;
luxuriously furnished; all modern conveniences;
grand entrance and halls; strictly up to date;
called East by alckness.
12 rooms; Post: oak furniture; Brussels car-
pets: clear** $50; $300 cash, balance on install-
ments; price $800.
59 rooms: new and elrgant building; fur-
nished beautifully and ud to date; hot and
cold water every, room: $4000 cash necessary.
7 rooms 1 : rent $38; modern house; new furni-
ture; clears $50; only $400 cash, balance time.
14 rooms; rent $40: new and modern little
boarding-house: fine furniture;. hair mattresses;
clearing . over $200 month; price $1000.
24 rooms: rent only $125: flrst-clasa condi-
tion; oak. mahogany,, blrdseye maple furni-
ture; extra fine carpets; clears $70; price
$2000; half cash, balance IVi per cent.
21 rooms: Howard nt. :. rent only $60; good
fur. ana carpets: clearing $180 per month;
$100 cash, , balance time: price $900.
10 rooms: rent $50; close In; oak, blrdseye
maple fur.: fine carpets: elegant little transient
house; clears $125: part cash; price »t>00.
15 rooms: -Van Ne«» ave.: rent tS5; oak. ma-
hogany furniture; always full; price $1200; al-
most new. • : • .
S6 room*; cheaD rent; furnished last June;
oak furniture: Brussels carpetsr clears over
$250 per month: half cash., balance 1 per cent;
owner sick in bed.
BO room's; Bush; rent. only $162; good furni-
ture, carpets:, clearing, over $200 per month;
only 14 rooms to take care of, balance do own
work; a snap.
31 rooms; rent $110: fur./ carpets new; clears
over $100 per mo.: 2 years' -lease; wife sick In
hospital; part cash: $1500. - ...
10 rooms: rent $45: new carpets: newly ; pa-'
pered and painted; clears $30; $450 cash, bal-
ance time. V;.-, •¦/, , ...
6 rooms: Geary: rent'$20; fine little home; 3
rooms rented for $25; price $200.
12 rooms: rent $60; oak and mahogany fur.;
good carpets: ( fine : yard - and . garden In ' rear; :
brings in $60; leaves balance landlady; price
*9oo. ' ...... .. r •,... : ¦
C rooms; re^t $35; oak. fur., Brussels carpets;.
3 rooms rented for $28: .price $300. • •
. 8 rooms: new, modern flat; rent$45; all light-
cost $1000; will sacrifice.' quick sale,-$600.
A LITTLE WANT ADVERTISmENT PLACED IN THE5C
De Wife '-Street Mumfer Directory- [
and Indexed Hap of San Francisco 1
I : : Compiled From Official D_ ta. j|
1 Free to All Want Advertisers I
0 | ¦ _____ i§
S ** ' * • "' fi_§'i ¦ premium such as ¦<%
| Ads in early for iuscr- . DE WITT'S J&1 this^U prove valuable B
1 lion in the next Sun- ¦ - % m\ to fl// Qur pcopk; M .§
| day Call and secure as ' C , I U I hr^krj M\ classes of our citizens $
I an absolutely free P re- ; Mfg^ W^ pJOIf ?I> W// find use for this |
% mum onc °f tJwsc ¦••.'- . • Hi valuable work, and it |
| handy guides to San ". If I surely will never be of- $
X Francisco's streets, INDEXED WAP M fcrcd on such favorable §
§ street car service and „/ . M I tcrm Qgai)U n |
•: : the name and address ¦ SAN FRANCISC0% . *. . B' I hou:eV er t bc on sale at |
| of every hotel apart- , g| ¦ fl// nnv agcncies sta . g
g ment house, rooming v. ; &&'¦/. . f ' §
0 . » » • , • • CQM»->iLr CF^ CV07r^ p; noncrs, cic.,ai incrcg- o
1 sin Fra 8 !c g -- - >o i W' uhr t Hce °f $ OC I
0 Tl '• h h t ' ¦ A>4vClvrtt^nrcr«ir(w.iiR r '¦' ' * 9.
% l i7 Pages, in addition :^ . UV i raja<MrLi .^ Hi * «
g to a very line indexed \ 6T^r car_ systems or tZ\ x m\ Want 'Ads for in- £
| map of this city, com- ' * *" 8 T "* "'"•*>•»»»,«,.^"'^ W I scrtion inThe Callzvill %
| piled from official data / Evwv , Hot " A«»m w h«^ II I h^ rcceivcdatThcC(lll %
§ and revised to date. "° lo^ to** » W c'^ '¦^1 Business Office, Third |
?, t)i~c 25 inches by 25 ' — - — - . Pi -"'I and Market sts., and at £
S from border to border. T^P^icM. fry M^'\ I0 ° 8 Markct st '' city %
§ The book is positively ' ci '^^> m i mu J! ' H (Pitts' Nezvs Agency); §
§ correct twd up tn date; - * ** *°* *^ x l****^ '»^' also at 11 1& Broadway, %
% in fact the edition is * R Oakland, CaL (The |
% just off the presses. V, - COm>^>r^\ '"H^ Call Agency). |
1 • . • 1
I THIS OFFER OPENS THURSDAY MORNING AND !
I CLOSES SATURDAY NIGHT AT 11- O'CLOCK. |THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 21, 1004.
13
MUSICAJL JLVSTRUMEXTS — -Con. .
ALL UPRIGHTS. ~" ~
Kimball, fancy walnut .......$30
Collard ; $37
Steinway $50
Henry Hertz ¦
Occidental ..'. .' $g2
J. & C. Fischer - $99
3 Emersons. walnut, rosewood; mahog-
any, , came as new, each h......$187
Colby, cannot be told from new '...$235
Chlckering C $i<?7
2 Steinways. large and small size al-
most new $I95-$32.1
Heine. $475 style, slightly used $285
And 200 others.
All pianos sold are guaranteed not to be de-
fective. Examine this list. ~<Ve have never
had such a great variety at so low a price.
Rents. $2 up; installments. Jt up. HEINE
PIANO CO.. 233-237 Geary st.
A FINE lot of bargains in second-hand planes
Including such makes as Steinway, Halne*
Eros.. Knabe. lizus. Foster.* Weber. Star*
Marshall & Wendell. SterMr.g and other
makes. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON 16 O'Far-
rell Ft.; no branches in San Francisco.
A FISCHER, upright piano for sale; good as
new; $135. 2H7 Geary st.
%CS — UPRIGHT piano: Steck mahogany- rearly
new. HORNUNGyBROS.. 216 McAllister st
BEAUTIFUL 3-pedal Steinway upright piano-
perfect order; sacrifice. Kceffe's.28:> O'Farretl!
6OHMER. Byron Mauzy pianos. Cectllan D'ano
player. BYRO.V MAUZY. 30S-312 Post st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H~
MULLER maker repairer. 2 Latham place!
OFFICES AXD STOKES TO LET.
NICE flr.e office to let; also fine front desk
room. Call at 410 California st.. room 21.
PERSONALS.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores jray hair im-
proves its growth.3tops falling.cures dandruff
and itching scalp; no stain or etickineas;
cleanses scalp; at drugsls'u', hairdressers';
accept no substitute. Star Remedy Co 133S
Polk st. ¦ '"
GRADUATES of New York School of Massage
Osteopathy, vapor and electric baths; face
vlbrutlr.g machine for rheumatism; genuine
tubs, hot and cold water; trained nurses as
attendants. Prof, and Mrs. Morris, 400 Geary.
NOT how cheap but how good Is the motto of
the manufacturers of the Rapid Rotary
Standard the sewing- machine of to-day J ;
W. EVANS, agent. 1021 Market st.
PHYSICIAN. 15 year3* experience, cures per-
manently morphine, cocaine habit. Call or
address Central Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave.,
corner Sutter St.: fee moderate.
RAG carpenta wove to order and for sale; alsa
chenille-wove rugs, silk Dortieres; dealer in
carpet twine. In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. Geo. Matthews. TO!) Fifth st.. Oakland.
JIMMY CARROLL'S Academy of Boxing and
General Physical Training School is at the
Lurline Baths.
SPECIAL •OFFER for 1 mo. ; ladies' suits made
to order; first -class vfork: $10: with material
furnished $20 up. At M. WILSON. 3S0 Geary.
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drug dis-
eases positively cured by Willow Bark Co..
1S30 Polk st. ; consultation free; call or write.
LIQUOR habit cured in 2 days or no charges;
guaranteed. Acme Liquor Cure Co.. 997 Mar-
ket St.. room 20.1; phone South 701.
AT le£3 than cost, uncalled for suit? overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS' London
Tailor. , 721 Marke^ at.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday Sun-
day evgs.. Teutonia Hall, 'Howard it., near
9th; Prof. Foster: society dancing tau'ght.
MRS. Eaton, electric needle specialist 3C» Sut-
ter. r. GC9. Miss Eaton. 233 Geary, room 33.
SUPERFLUOUS hair, moles perm, removed
by electrolysis. Mrs. L. B. Johnson. 139 Post.
Bon Marche Pants Co.; special $3 pants to or-
der. Room* 14 & 16. 40 Ellis. Tel. Drumm 44:
Masquerade costumes, play books wigs-
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mkt!
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
tric needle. Dr. & Mrs. Traverse, 1170 Market.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7^0; dress "pants $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont!
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair id its natural color; $1; at all druggists'.
A BRANCH offlce for Call adverllsements and
subscription* haa been established at 1098
Valencia st. ,
"'- : PAt,3iivmy.
MME. DEVAS. scientific ' palmist and astrolo-
glst; palm readings II; 3 questions by ex-
prega. $1; open Tueaday eve, also. 133 Post st.
MME. NEERGARD. located at 342 > *Post: houri
1 to S dally. Phone James 1. Classes.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist 515
Taylor st. near Gearv. Phon« Pluck gel.
aPAPjraHAKGIXO.ypAINTIXG. ETC..
ROOMS "papered. $t up: tinting, painting.
Hartmann Paint Co.. 31U Tlilrd:~tel. Main 41.{.
j| PHYSICIAXS AXD SURGEOXS.
DrTc. C. O'DONNELL— 5fflce~and~rMTdence"
1021H Market «t.. bet. 6th and 7th; partlcu-
lar attention paid to diseases of womea. .
BLOOIV skin and rectal diseases a specialty
DR. BALL. 1073% Market <t.
REMOVED — DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body for
past four /ears at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at C67 Geary St.. near Leavenwortb.
DR. TONG PO CHT. successor to Dr U Po
Tal. herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
DR. M. MATSUDA has returned from Orient.
Now at ,S£. corner (Jeary and Taylor sts.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor— All dls-
'»'» cured by Chinese herbs 746-8 Clay st.
PROPOSALS. — — ~
UNIVERSITY of California. Berkeley— Notice
to Contractors. Builders and Material Men
Notice is hereby given that sealed bids are
solicited for performing the labor and fur-
nishing the materials for the structural steel
and Iron work of California Hall on the
grounds of th« University of California at
Berkeley. Cal.. and tald bids will be re-
reived At the offlce ot the Regents South
Hall; Berkeley, at or before 12 o'clock m of
February 10, 1001. Plans and «p»clfl?atlon*
of said structural steer and iron work have
been adopted, and may be examined daily at
offlce of th-s Regents frum 8 a. m. until 4
p. m.
No bids will be considered unless accom-
panied by a certified check or bond of bidder
in favor of the Regents of the University of
California, equal to ten (10) per cent of his
bid. with sufficient sureties, conditioned that
if said bid be accepted, the bidder will duly
enter Into a proper contract to faithrully
perform the duty and obligations in accord-
ance with mild bid and with the plans and
specification* which are hereby required 'to'
be a'- part of such contract. The right to re-
ject any and all bids Is hereby reserved
By order of the Committee on Grour.dtt and
Buildings of the Board of Regents V u
HENDERSON. Secrf tary. . '
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal.. January 10 1904
Sealed * proposals In triplicate will "be m
celved a» this office until 11 a . m.. Frldav
January 29. 1004. and then opened, for "Dol
ins al! the printing.-, and furnishing all ma-
terial therefor, that may be required at
Heae<iuarters Pacific Division during the re-
mainder cf Jhe fiscal year ending June io
lltt'4." . Preference will be given to- articles
of domestic production or manufacture con
ditlrjis of quality and price (Including In tha
price of .foreign productions or manufacture
the- duty thereon). being equal Th«-
• Vn\U6 States reserves the right to reject or
accept any or all proposals in whole or in
part Information furnished on application
to undersigned. Envelopes containing > pro-
po*oi8 should be marked "Proposals for
Printing.", and addressed to WM. S PAT-
TEN. -Assistant Quartermaster General U.
S. A.. Chief Quartermaster. . .
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal.. January CO. 1004—
Sealed proposal*, in trinllcate. will • be re-
ceived here until 11 o'clock a.- m.. February
20. 1004. and then opened for construction of'
frame kitchen and .storehouse under officers'
ward an<1 for enclo«I#K two verandas at the
General Hcspltal. .Presidio of San Francisco
Cal. Government reserves'the right to rejec'
or accept any or all bids in whole or in part.
Information furnished ftn application to WJ1
8.' PATTEN. Awrtatant Quartermaster Gen-
eral. Chief Q. M.-
_ . CA n V n -*^Xg5^' s K m n xts.
OENTPlAir^A^mcTK^nL^AV^
FIRST REFUNDING MORTGAGE BO.VDS-
Notlce is hereby given that, pursuant to tht
provision cf Article : Eight of the mortxaza
from this Company to the Central Trust Com
pany of New York." Trustee, dated August 1
1899. this Company has set apart out of the
net income derived by It fronT the lines of
; railroad therein mortgaged the sum of Twen-
ty-flve 1 .thousand dollars In trust to be used
1 to redeem aald bonds, and that bonds issued
; under tald mortgage will be redeemed there-
with and. bids are hereby Invited for the sur-
. render of such bonds at prices to b" named by
¦ the bidders, to the amount requisite to ex-
haust said sum. Such, bids should be' pre-
, tented to this Company at Its of See 120
Broadway, in the City of New York., in or
before i the -1st day > of February, 1904 - at
. twelve o'clock nottn, and should be Indorsed
"Bids for Surrender of Central Pacific Rail-
way Company First Refunding BonJs "
CENTRAL PACIFIC RAIL WAT COMPAXT
By E. H. HARRIMAN. President. -
. New York. January 2. 1004.
ROOMS FOR HOCSEKEEPIXO.
ELLIS, 611 — Nicely • furnished sunny alcove
room; 2 sunny connecting rooms; gas stoves.
FOURTH. 225 — Nice housekeeping rooms; also
single rooms.
GEARY. 1002 — Nicely furnished sunny rooms,
en suite °r ringlet housekeeping privileges;
running water; gas: reasonable.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1J-J0 Pine «?...
n«ar Hyde — Sunny -3-rocm furnished suites:
c:eam h'.at: electric lighted; fre* tatiu:
rates f'50 up.
LINDEN ave.. 321 — Sunny froilt room with
u»e ot kitchen for housekeeping for maa and
wife. -
MODEL House, 1200 Stockton— Newly furnished
hskpg.. single rat.. f5-$l2: gas. bath, ph-me
POLK. C12— $14: bedroom, kitchen; gas stove,
bath: no children.
SACRAMEXTO. 1390—2 furn. housekeeping
rooms, vflth bath; also ?mall room, sunny.
SUTTER. 2t;20— Furnished bedroom, dining-
room. kltch^r.: yard: bath: parlor.
BOOMS WASTES — Bonsekeepinir.
WANTED — 2 or 3 rjoms. furnished for house-
k-eplr.g: give rent. Bos o:H. Cal?.
aPARTMESX HOTJSE3.
- M0NTCLAlR~APARTMENT3r~
Corner Pine- nnd Taylor «ts. ; beautiful nm
mouern apartments: all sunny corner suites:
furnished or unfurnished: none superior; ma-
rine view. LION' & HOAG. 11G Montgomery.
ST. CECILE. 115 Fell, above Van Ness^ — The
acme cf perfection in elegantly furn. 3-room
apartments; private taths. steam heat. elec.
lights, elevator, gas ranges; $20 to J5i
THE" Lunger. 445 Hayes, cor. Octavla — Just
completed: sunny; modern S-rm. apartments;
e!egantl> furnished: electric lights: private
baths: $10 up: rrfs.; al«o doctors' offices.
ST. LOUIS. 1575 Jackson St.— Modern 3-4-4
rooms, also ringle; furnished cr unfurnished;
xnixiiic vi^w * novr open i r*?*rcnccs.
HADDON HALI*
B51 EDDY ET. REFERENCES.
APABTKEirrs WAirerEP.
UNFURNISHED apartment, 2 rrr.s. and kitch-
en, for husband and wife; rent not over |1'5.
Box 719. Call office.
WANTED — Apartment of 3 or 4 rooms, fur-
nished complete; -state price; references
Box 470. Call.
FURNISHED C-rooni apartment . wanted;
must lie reasonable. Bex CCO. Cal!.
JU)»>ISjro^EJv—Far^an^
AURORA., corner st^cond and Folsom sts. — New
he use new furniture; every room outside;
modern - and surny: prices from $1 SO per
week up; this Is the only up-to-date bouse la
this vftlnity: nrst-class grill attached.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 14S Sixth st.— Room*
25c to $1 per night $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
ABERDEEN. S36 Sutter— Ju3t open«d; hand-
forr.ely fur.: cor. suites: bath: sun all day:
fine view; single rms.: tourists; excL location.
AT "The Almonte." S73 Market st. (or No. I
Fifth st. }— Rooms. 23c. SOc. $1., 11 50 night;
II CO to $10 week; house open all night.
BURNETT. 142C Market (old No. 13C4) — Fur-
nlsbed rooms, suite.- single: also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, comer Mascn — Elegantly
...furnished sunny rooms: prices ressoaable.
EDDY. 437 — Furnished rocm. large front par-
lor; fireplace; suitable for two gentlemen.
FILLMOP.E. 92fi. nr. McAllister— Nicely fur-
nished room In fine locality; car line passes
dcor; reasonable; bath; gas; phone.
FOLSOM. 574 — Unfur. sunny rms. ; grate, closet,
running water* small ones, from $1 mo., up.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mi5«Ion — Rooms X\e
to ?1 25 night: $1 So to $6 wk. : readins-room.
MANHEIM, 6S2 Sutter— Sunny front rooms;
strictly 'first class: transient.
O'FARRELL. 730-^ Large sunny furnished
room: gas; bath; phone; rent reasonable;
references. -
ROYAL House. 128 EI1U — Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles* par-
lor; rooms per night. 35e to $1 50; week. $2
to )S; month. $.S to $30; elevator on grousd
flcor; rooms with hot and cold water: baths.
ST. JAMES. McAllister arid Laguna — A sucay
furnished single rocm; rent $7.
STEINER. 907 — 2 sunny connecting rooms:
man and wife or gentlemen singly: runnins
water; bath: phone; private family.
SUTTER. 1022 «4, nr. Hyde— 2 large sunny par-
lors'-ind kitchen or laboratory; gas grate, etc.
UNITED STATES. 123 Ed4y. near Market — 400
ro3tns. 35c to $1 night. (1 75 to $3 week: elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water In every
room; elevatcr. read.-room ; free bus; baggage.
VAN NESS ave^ 510 — Elegant front parlors aad
adjoining surte for office or club.
WINCHESTER Hotel 44 3d St.. near SJarket —
Most convenient and respectable: 700 rooms;
SSc to $1 SO night: $2 to $8 week; elevator;
eiec. lights: reading-room: free bus; baggage.
WOLF House. 202 Sixth— Electric light Ii
every room: room from 15c to $1 per night.
75c to $5 per w«k; op^n all night.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan tc Church sts.
A BRANCH of flee of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1009 Market st.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
ROOMS AXD BOARD.
977 Pine. nr. Taylor; elegantly furnished
<3'*es: private baths; all modern conven-
iences; excellent table, I
ELEGANT front, sunny alcove room; running
water, gas. bath; suitable for 2. with board;
private family^; also another room. 1224 Gold-
en Qete ave.: phone Steiner 3C23.
BOARD and rooms in a private family; home-
like; home cooking: single. $30; man and
wife, $05 Box fU3. Call offlce.
THE "WALLACE. »44 Van Ness ave., cor!'
1 . O'Farrell st. ; rocm and board. $25 per month;
bouse under new management.
CALIFORNIA. 12J6— Most *elect location la
modern, elegantly furnished private boas;
table unsurpassed :' marine view.
THK NURA. 615 Taylor-^Nicely furnished.
sunny suites; also single; excellent table.
ROOMS and fcoard; everything neat and clean:
reasonable rates. Box 700, Call of IJce. *
jyuTTER. 0t>7 (Crystal House) — Elegant rooms;
board optional; respectable; reasonable.
HOTEL ELSMERE. 41S Sutter— Sunny rooms;
excellent table; from $40: single $23.
NEWPORT. 1018 Pino, near Taylor— Larg« sun-
ny suites; also single room; excellent table.
Etevcnson'manslon. 807 California — Fine rooms;
new chefs: colored service; table specialty.
OTARRELL. -SOS — Furnished rooms; home
cooking: German family; $6 per week.
POWELL, 5C2Vccr. Sutter — Large sunny corner
, room for 2. t«rms reasonable: also single rm.
. ROOMS AND BOARD WAXTED.
WANTED — Board and room or suite of rooms
for man and wife; rooms must be pleasant
and homelike. Address, with rates, box 704,
Call office.
BOARD and suite of rooms in flrst-class hotel
or private family for a married couple; give
: rites; references exchanged. Box 6S7. Call.
BOARD and suite of rooms want-d for two
adults In boarrtine-house or private family;
references' exchanged. Box 4CO. Call.
WANTED— Board and. 2 rooms for two adulta
and boy of 12; mult be reasonable; state
price. Dox 465, Call. '
RCOM and beard wanted for a single man;
downtown. Box 712. Call office.
: \ * KOOMS WASTED.
WANTED— Unfurnished: 3 rooms, kitchen;
bath, yard: state rent. Box S2SS. Call offlce.
' D1V1PK.VD XOTICEa.
THK FhcpBix. Savings, Building and Loan As-
sociation. 016 California st.. San Francisco,
has declared a dividend for the six" menths
ending December 20, 100a. at the annual raw
of i» per cent on general capital stock, tf per
cent en term certificates and 4»'» per cent on
/avlngs accounts, the latter being withdraw-
able upcn.tha same general terms acd condi*
tions as are usual Vith savings banks.
The Phoenix has a paid In capital of $1.-
COO.ee© and a reserve fund and surplus of
$210,tiiiO. Its. directors are: A. A. Watklns.
president: Charles R.. Bishop. »lce president;
S> Prcntiss Smith, treasurer; Clarence
Grange. ' secretary and managing director;
Gavin McNab. attorney; Charles E. Ladd and
George C. Bcardman-
S AN .FHA_\* CISCO and Suburban Home BuiuT
' Ing Society. Sth floor. Mutual Savings Baste
building. 70S . Market - st.. opposite Third—
Fcr the half-year ending 31st ot December,
1903. a dividend- has been declared 'at th«
rate ¦ per annum of <12) twelve per cent oa
capital ttock and participating certlflcat's.
free of taxes. payaMe an Mil after SATL'R.
DAY. January 2. 190*. JOSEPH A. LEOV.
. ARp. Manager. HUGH CRAJO. Secretary.
LOST AXD FOUXD;— Continued.
LOST— Old style gold sleeve button*, with dia-
monds in center. Return to offlce of. Hotel
bt. Nicholas; receive reward.
LOST— Gold dogr collar, ornamented with pearla
? turquoises; finder -will receive reward.
Box 369. Call office.
LOST— Pearl studV ' Reward, at 416 California
Ftrect. . . ~. I
LOST— $3 reward; a' Masonic" locket.' 4075
Sevententh st.
31EDICAL.
MRS. DR. WTETH. specialist for all female
complaints; instant relief guaranteed; 30
years' experience; removed to 826 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities; tnstant re-
ltef guaranteed. lOOSH Market st.. opp. 5th.
VALPEAU'S female pills; best regulating pills
sold; price $2 50 by express. Pasteur's
synnxe and tablets; pric*~». By express
only on receipt of pri;e. OSGOOD BR0TH-
KRS. wholesale druggists, Seventh and
Broadway. Oakland.
DR. G. W O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
in trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints: positively corrected: the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Offlce. 101S Market sC v T -
Drs. Goodwin. 703 Turk. nr. Van. Ness— Expert
in obstetrics, female complaints; inst. relief;
treatment 110; hours, 10 to fi; 25 years' exper.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
positively cured; new method: 1 week's treat-
ttent free. Dr. Cottlngbam. 204 Sutter rt.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladies'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement: bett medical care: low fees.
DR, ROSF.N resides 2995 Fofsom St.. corner
2tth: ladle*, relief or no fee: $1<>.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment; 1126 Market st.
DR. . NG TOY KEE. sliTpowell «L. opposite
Union Square/ all diseases cured by herbs.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALES. r
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN, 19&-197 Fremont st. •
TRY ASBESTOS roof calnt and be convinced
' that it is the only paint that will stop all
leaks in any reef, either metal or shingle; it
Is also the best preservative paint for ail new
.'metal and shlngt?- roofs, and makes the roof
last over twice as lone than tainted wita
any other paints; It has no equal. Office. 413
* California St., room 21; telephone Jam«s 5716.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAKT
Repair it with elaterite; in foils easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good over old
, iron, tin or shingles: best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market St.
ID-HAND machinery, boilers, engines, pumps,
. pulleys, shafting, etc. etc.. bought, sold.
rented and exchanged: -see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY CO.. 130-132 Beale st.
A— Fine suits. $7 50: dress pants. $2 50. Origi-
nal Misf.t Clothing Parlors. 23S Kearny st.
near Bush; open to 9 p. m.. Sunday to noon.
A — Buys, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear sL
A FINE Felection of trunks, suit cases and
tailor-made colta sold on small weekly pay-
ments. Misfit Clothing Parlors. 25 StocKton.
TYPEWRITERS, slightly used, sold at cost:
new Underwood visible typewriter catalog
. sent free. R. E. Revalk & Co.. San Francisco.
ALTERATION eale— Best $2 50 -ats, $1 50.
Popular Price Hatter, 330 Kearny st.. near
Pine; open to Op. rr.. : Sundays to noon.
TRY our men's shoes at (1 and $1 50 pair;
fect-ferm shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges.' 11 3d St., Exam, bid.; catalog free.
3 Vic ROLL anl up; fine wall paper; samples
- mailed; painting, tinting, papering. M. MER-
IGAN. 1302 Webster. Tel. Jackson 1321.
SAILING ark for fishing and hunting. 32S
Bush st.. third floor, room 4.
NICKELPLATED show case and collar ease.
424 Kearcy.st. ¦ .. .
MILES of pipe and fittings: all sizes. EU-
GEXE RILEY & SONS. 100 Vallejo st.
SAFES acd cash registers, new and second-
hand. 1. FREEMAN. 1329 Market -St.
SOME good second-hand gasoline engines. 1 to
12 H. P. cheap. E. B. Beck & Co.. 122 Mkt.
ELOT machines cheap: Chicagoes. Twentieth
Centuries. Pucks. BACIGALUPI. 033 Market.
DESKS acd safe:: see the complete line at 1810
, Market, ah. Van Ness. RICHARDSON BROS.
SAFES— New and second-hand. - THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st.
NEW and second-hand machinery of all kinds.
KROGH MFG. CO.. 518 Market St. >
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard & Breck. 131 Post st.-
EAFES— New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
&. CO.. 122 Market et
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. Baclgalupl. £33 MXt.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all tires. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont «t.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters; all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montgy.
A BRANCH orfiee of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at IOCS Market st., opposite Fifth.
Ocen until 11 h. m.
MISCELLAXEOUS \V AVHk
I'aper-hangina wanted: don't forset: samples
furn & estimates given. R.C.Hal!. 1235 Mrkt.
MANUFACTURERS' agency wanted for New
York. C. FLl'HR, 43 Broad sft. New York.
BOOKS and libraries bought. H. C. HOLMES.
1149 Market rt.; phone Jessie 3741. or penal.
I PAY highest prices for all kinds of cast-oS
clothing; tend postal. MORRIS. S70 Folsom.
TILTON wants good cecond-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 Oth St.: tel Jessie 2831.
3IOXEY TO LOAN.
AAA^HERMAN MURPHY.
C01-C02-60a Examiner building.
Quick settlements: no disappointment.
Pave expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
efts, assignments of rents, property in trust,
etc.: legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests In property purchased.
Courteous treatment. . Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money. .
See HERMAN MURPHY.
WILL LOAN'
A reasonable .amount on
lst. 2.1 or U J
Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels, in city, town
or country.
Low rate of interest.
Gtve full particulars
of property or chattels.
Location, etc. •
Bex 40S, Call offlce.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants.- teamsters, boarding houses, without
security; easy payments: largest business In
46 principal cities. Talman, 503 Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY refpectable private place to obtain
liberal advances 'on diamonds. Jewelry, at 2
per "ceni interest. Ba'6Twin< Jewelry Store,
8-10 Markefr; tel. Main 1U14. Branch. II) Third.
A — 1 percent on furniture or piano; no remov-
al, no commission, no publicity; $25 up; quick.
private, confidential. 2C Montgomery, rm. 7.
MONEY to loan on low Interest: gold, silver.
diamonds, pearls and precious stones Kught
et \V. J. HESTHAI/S, 10 Sixth et.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 10.T Grant ave..
LOANS FROM SI TO $10,000.
NEW easy method— To wage-earners on nnln-
dorsei notes; absolute privacy. Fidelity Loan
Company, rooms 4S--19. Chronicle bldg. ¦
TO salaried people v.-lthout security; on furni-
ture: Indorsed nous and other security." S. F.'
Discount Agency. 143 Phclan building.
AT lowest ret-?« on furniture and pianos; strict
privacy; no commission :!nstallmentn accepted.
UONKLLI. mil Eddy, Conservatory building.
«\NY sum on furniture or pianos; no removal;
lowest rate; easy payments; no commission.
1170 Market St.. rocm €.S.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent.
• mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. MS Kearny.
3 ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN". room SI, 0 Eddy.st.
1 PER cent on furniture or piano. 1003 Mu-
tual Savings Bank. bldg., 70S Market Rt. |
STAR Loan Co. ot Wyoming loans money ' to
salaried employee. R-tH.-Slntuat Sav. Bk.bld.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
lndorter. MORELL. 609 Examiner building.
- MPjH CAL. I XSTRPMEXTS. _
THIS week we shall offer some special : prices
on stock thai we .desire to close out before
stock takiAK" a' good stock to select .from If
1 you come ooon- THE ZENO MAUVAI3
MUSIC COMPANY. 76P Market st.
A FEW unredeemed : storage pianos (also fur*
r.iture) win be sold to pay storage dirt cheap.
.WHI7EH£AD'S storage. 1636 Market at.
XEW pianos ' sold on $5 * monthly payment!. [
JOS. SCHMITZ * CO.,-18 McAllister •U.j.V-C,
I SPECIAL NOTICES.
f THE secretary of the St. Francis Girls' Di-
rectory Orphan Asylum herewith gives notic*
tli«: the fciicwlr.g orphan, half-orphan and
abandoned bovs and girls have been admitted
tc the asylum at Central avenue and Waller
street from July 1. .1003. to January 1. 1904:
Hale! Kane. C yrs; Claire Kane. 2 yrs; Haz»l
Roche 10 yrs: Margaret Roche. 13 yrs; LJl-
Ile Zvers. 7 yrs; Edna Tver*. « yrs; Joseph
Smld. 4 yrs: Ella Creque. 0 yrs 4 mos; Uer-
tle Ilotinson. 1 yr 11 mos: Edward Tansey.
7 yrs: Joseph Nasicel. i yrs; Oland»r d»
• Fresel, e yrs: Hannah Murphy, 9 yrs; Patrtcs:
Mtfrphy 4 yrs; Timothy Murphy. 3 yrs; An-
nie Farren. 10 yrs: Manuel silvern. 5 yrs ?
mcs; ArwJrew Varney. 5 yra: Noble Varney.
4 yrs; Francis McCarthy. 8 yrs; Elsie Mc-
Carthy. 0 yrs; Irvin McCarthy. 4 yrs; Ev»-
lyna*NCanhy. 13 yrs: Allan McCarthy. \i
yrs: Paul Paneera. 3 yrs: Peril Papeera, i
jrs; Francis Hornbeck. 12 m; Geors« Bo-
han. $ yr»; Frank Cacace. 4 yrs; Annlo
O'Connor. l*> yrs: Ruth Courtland. 11 yrs.
Daisy Sarsent. 5 yrs tt .nos; Harry Holver-
son 7 yrs: Mary Matthews. t» yrs; Rose Mat-
thews ."¦ yrs; Frank Matthews. 2 yra l» mos:
Joseph Waters. t> yrs U mos: Thomas Waters.
4 yrs 5 mos; Ruth Smith. 10 yrs; Mary Mag-
Kio. 10 yrs: Raphael Magno. 8 yrs; Louisa
Kc«rni;. t» yrs: John Reardon. C yrs; Eddiv
Reardcn -4 yrs; M3bel Adams. 8 yrs;.G«crg*
Adams 6 yr»: Frank Artams. & yrs; Harold
Spregu*. 10 yr»: Lesley Spregue. 8 yrs; Mario
Eremiand. t> yrs: Victor Drendand. 3 yr»:
Loney Wolf. 2 yrs « mos; Stella Pania. to>
yra (i mos: Dorothy Roe. 12 yr»: Mary Clark.
lu yrs: Agnes Cterk. a yr» 3 mos; Annt«
ClarX 7 yrs; Catherine CarX 6 yrs; FraoJs
Ivers. 4 vrs: Madtllne Clark. 2 yrs: David
Mitchell S yrs 4 moa; Roi«e Mitchell. 6 yrs
11 mus: Catherine Coyle. 8 y~»: Dan Coy!».
« yrs; Francis Coyle. 5 yrs: Hannab Coyle.
2 yrs: Francis Evenlinz. 5 yrs: Thomat
Everdlng. 2 yrs: Mary Schruch. 10 yrs;
George Vosine. 3 yrs: Leo Grethala. 7 yrs:
Hertert Kalries. S yr3; Rose Kair'.es, « yrs;
Isabella Bedella. 7 yrs; Ellen Ante. 11 yr«;
G«crge Tracy, c, yrs; George Hunter. 7 yri tf
mos: Kerry Foster. S yrs: Fva Nanrts. t
yrs; Josephine Narvls. 5 yrs; Ira Malnburar.
8 yrs: Leonard Malr.burs. 7 yrs; Mary Caro-
line Nowla-'t. 6 yrs 11 mcs.
Ladies! Chlchester's English Pennyroyal Pills
are best: safe, reliable; take no other. S«nd 4o
stamps fcr particulars. "Relief for Ladies"
In letter by return mail. Ask your <!rugt;;st.
Chfchfgfr Chemical Co.. Philadelphia. Pa.
STt'TTEniXB AND ST.OIMEKWR. 4
MELBOUKNE Sch»l. Van Ness- Market — Cur»
in every rase: Individual teaching: no medi-
cine. Inquire into wcaderful cures; home cor*.
3IAKRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
Joseph A. Morrison. 50, Santa Maria, and
Jane Shea. 4,tt. city.
Michael Keena.' W. 17C0fi Jonea ttreet, anl
Mary Leavy. 25. city.
Frank C. Green. 30. Nelson. B. C. and
Myra Hatt. 31. *4l Ellin street.
Jacob i<aiimaan. 45. t27 Commercial street.
anil Louis* T>oh«ir.en. 23. city.
William A. Starr. 25. San Pablo, and Hat-
tie M. Lord. 13. San Pablo.
John H. Griffith. 41. 511 McAllister »tr*et.
and Zora C. Kcrr.b. £S. 511 McAllister street.
B?rryman \V\ Bryant. 22. 72» Fulton street,
and Mabel V. Thcmaa. ll», T.CO Jules avenue.
A^ustino Alvis. 21». 75 Jackson street, and
Maria Eorb*. 10. Pausallto.
William G. Bob-y. SI. Grass "Valley, and
US M. Holland. 2». city.
Walter Skrocki. 21, Vallejo, aad Anna Lfine-
gan. 21. Valtejo.
Theodora Infalt. S3. Stockton, and Cather-
ine Shortall. ."fi», city.
Harry Coh!. 2«. Seattl*. and Hose Kllstorney,
2?. V:?2 Howard atreet. .
EIBTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHSL
Birth, marr'.ase and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices an<t b»
inJorsed with the name and residence of per-
wn« authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted- »iniply to the announcement
of the ev-nt are published once In thU column
tree of charge.
BORN".
KUSS — In this city. January 19. 1904. to th«
wife of Georse W. Kuss, a daughter.
PIERCE— In Oakland. January 20. 1004. to
the wife of C. B. Pierce, a daushter.
MARRIED.
POSNETl— SUSMAN— In thia city. Decemb-r
XL 1W«. by th« Rev. Dr. Voorsanger. Mil-
ton Pofner and Lilv Susman, both of San
Franc isoo.
STAKP.— LOUD— In thia city. January 20t 1304.
by the Rev. F. W. Fischer, pastor ot
Kreanw! Evansetiral Church. William A.
Starr and Hattie M. Lord, both of Saa
Pablo. Contra Costa County. Cal.
DIED.
Costello, Patrick Megrelia. Minnie
l»e Gear. Mary Miller. John T.
Dickson. J- R. Mullcr. Jacob
I>onavan. Joseph J. Nelson. Jennie EL
Fluke. Charles W. O'Connor. Catherine
Fragley. Joseuh II. Podenta. Eugenia
Frederick, Mrs. Allia Prior. Mrs. Mary
Uarnelii. John It. ' Uesas, Pantelis
liarrjIJ. Georce E. Keichert Marsuerita
Jensen, Mrs. Louise Rickmann. Frledarich
Jileck. Frank J. ltobert.son. Harry A.
Jorgensen. Margaret Ruas. Olive It.
Kepple. I t.:-.:-1 K. Schaap. Ch.vs. A- Jr.
Kerr. riuaan Schiller. Helen H.
I, k .-. :> h. Milan Scrumans. August
Lewis. Mary Strowbrtdye. T. W.
McCarthy. Marr Sullivan. Jcbn.
MaaiRan. Kli^a T. Warren. Gladys V.
Muguire. Grace M. Wetmore, Iren* E.
COSTELLO — At bis residence. Warm Sprtna*^
Alameda Ccunty. Cal., January 20, 19O4.
Patrick t'...'tfllo. beloved huaband of Eliza-
beth- Cbstello, a native of Coun,ty Kerry,
Ireland, aeed S5 yeara.
DE GEAR— In this city. January 20. 1SKM.
Mary, relict of George W. de Gear, a na-
Un of PhiUidelphla, aged C> years 1 Qontb
ami 2ti days.
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), bt 2 o'clock, from Olivet Conrre-
gaticnal Church. Seventeenth and No«
streets. Interm«-nt private.
DICKSON— In this city. January 13. 1904. J.
R. Dtcvson. beloved father of Dave Dicksoa,
a native of Boston. Mass., aced S3 years.
E7Friem!s and acquaintances are reapect-
tully invited to attend the funeral to-day
«Thursday>. at 12:^O o'clock, from the Par-
lors of McFadden. McBrearty & Qreen. 1171
Mission street, between Seventh and Eighth,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where ser-
vices will be held at 1 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
DONAVAN— In thia city. January 20. 13O4.
Joseph J. Donavan. beloved son of Timothy
Donavan. and brother of Paul and Jerotn*
Donavan. Mrs. A. C Eldridze- and Mrs. F.
A. Burnhazn. a native of Saa Francisco.
aged 4O years and 2 davs.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at S:3O o'clock, from the parlors
of McFadden, McBrtarty & Green. 1171 Mi»-
sion street, between Seventh and Eighth,
thence to St. Mary's Cathedral, where a re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of his soul, commencing: at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. .
FLUKE — In this city, January- 1». 1904.
Charles Wesley, beloved husrband of Nelll*
Fluk*. and fathtr of Charles, Harry and
Frank Fluke, Mrs. Nellie Breeding- and Mra.
Myrtle Turner, a native cf Illinois, aged 83
years 10 months and 10 days.
E7Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the chapel of C H. J. Truman Company,
l'.x-ii Mission street, between Fifteenth and
Sixteenth.
FRAGIaBT— In this city, January 13, 1904.
Joseph II . dearly beloved husband of Anni»
Fragl»y, father of Albert Fnurley, devoted
•on of, Martin F. FraEley. and brother oi
Martin Tf. Fragley Jr.. a native of San
Francisco. ag?a 34 years 3 months and !'¦*
days. A member cf Teamsters' Union. Local
No. S3: Precita Parlor No. 1S7. N. 8. G.
W., and Alta Lodze No. 242. A. O. U. W.
"" C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funerai to-dar
(Thursday), at S::J«> o'clock, from th* parlors
of Mcnahan, O'Hara & Co.. 2339-41 Mission
street, near Ntr^teenth. thence to St. James
Church, where a solemn requiem h'.sch mass
will be celebrated for the repes* of bis soul,
commencing at 0 o'clock. Interment Ho!/
Cress Cemetery.
OFFICERS and members of Precita Partor
No. 1J>7. N. S. G. W.. are hereby requested
to assemble at the undertaking parlors oC
Monahan. O'Hara & Co.. 2UJ&-41 Mission
atreet. near Nineteenth, at S o'clock Thurs-
day, January 21. to attend the funeral ser-
vices of our late brother. Joseph H. Fragley.
JAMES J. RYAN. President.
FREDERICK— In Oakland. January 2ft 1D04,
Mrs. AIHe R- Frederick, beloved mother of
Georir<» A. and Bert W. Hunter, and sister
of Mrs. George Austin, a native of N*ir
York, ased 45 years 5 months and 14 days.
GARFIELD — tn East Oakland. January 2«>.
1U04. at 1S«5 Thirteenth avenue. John D.
GarilfM. beloved husband of Florence E.
UarfleW. and father of Albert." Maud and
Grace Garfleld. a native of Michigan, aged
S3 years 3 months aad 23 days.
HARROLD— In this city, January I*. 1904,
Continued on Page Fourteen.
I James McGinn. Henry Hansea.
JAMES McGINN & CO..
Formerly With McGinn Brosi..
, Fnneml IMreetors and Emhalmer*—
I -' 214 Eddy rt. : Tet. South »"«.
F. J. MONAHAN. Xanagrer. TeL Mission St.
MONAHAN, O'HARA & CO.
FUNERAL. DIRECTORS AND EM3AX.MZR3.
2339-2341 Misstoa st.. near NlastttatX
Saa Francisco. . ,
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
¦¦¦¦„ ¦ ¦¦¦¦ ¦¦— m ~ ¦- r ~.~~-
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
- TO-DAY TO-DAY. -. . .
10 PER CENT DOWN,
10 PER CENT EVERY SIX MONTHS
Until Your Lot is Paid For.
Buy a lot now on Parnassus Heights, when
you have the opportunity to do so for such a
small amount cash.
ON THURSDAY, JANUARY 21. 1904.
At Our Salesroom.
25 POST ST..
We Will Sell*at Auction
59 Residence Lots fronting Golden Gate
Park, comprising these 2 Blocks.
HJ ~S/T.
1 Pi III ml
¦ ill 1 -.
LJ ' " 1 * * * B ' M
> ll r, » • M>
j < ¦ . ». fi ». ¦ '<
It ",1,1,1,", 4 [_
M U G O S T»
' »«•¦ '
¦ it W * j
- ' ** l^ijsl * ' ; 0
!g ¦ rt - - » t.h.
¦•" ' s~~ «r^ •» ~~«
I S T
t .1- ' ""'. "¦ L r*
• being on H, Hugo and I streets. Fourth and
Fifth avenues; also 10 lots on east tine of
Fourth avenue, between Hugo and I streets.
Unprecedented Terms.
For further particulars apply to
BALDWIN & HOWELL.'
25 Post street, or to
Branch office adjoining- the property, cor. H
«t. and Seventh ave. Open every day, Includ-
ing Sundays and holidays.
CALIFORNIA House' Wrecking Co. pays
highest price fcr buildings and will wrsck
the largest building t completely wttbta 10
days. Northwest corner Mission and Tenth
sts., office and yard. 1
BUILD on your unimproved realty; we loaa
full cost improv. and part lot at 6 per cent.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building.
$lfi00— S-ROOM house with Jot, 25t10O: 35
Francis St.. V> block from Mission cars.
D. COFFIN & CO.; 3303 Mission St.
D^> you want a nice' bathroom? Call on AHL-
BACH & MAYER. Plumbers. S36 Howard at.
LOTS. N cr S side of Golden Gate Park, pur-
chased by W. J. GUNN. £30 California *%.
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at li>CS Market St.. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m. - .
REAL ESTATE — Country — For SAte.
$10 A MONTH buys a 10-acre farm.
. $200 profit per annum. per acre.
Write foriboeklet. - It's free. 603 J st.
WRIGHT & KIMBROUGH. Sacramento. Ca!. v
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches.' orchards,
vineyards; Inspected bargains: monthly cata-
lcgues cent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. W3
Market st. *
POIXT RICMMOXp REAL ESTATE.^
4 LOTS cheaw for cash. 32S Bush st.. room
4, third .floor.
WATER front lots and bargains: all tract*:
. cape, photos, etc. BELL. 417 Parrott bid*.
BERKELFA 7 AD VERT'S' M'NTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
JJOO — SNAP; SUX120: 5 blocks from station;
running water and shrubWry; elegant plac«
for chickens; 4 acres »r tn subdivisions;
Claremcnt ave.; easy terms; circular on ap-
plication.
$3o per foot for GOxlSrt on Warring St.,
near Bancroft way; everything else $05.
$IS,OCU — Business blcck of 5 stores, with
1« rooms above; all ivnted ; brines in 7 per
cent income; with small changes cuuld be
largely increased. (
J0700— Beautiful house of S rooms; Hille-
gars ave.: near D wight way; extra well
built: all btreet work done: marly new.
$200t>— 5 rooms ar.d bath; lot «Oxl2O; Uate-
niir. Tract. ne*r College ave.: street work
done; easy term?.
$2500 — Let us build you a new. modern
house of nve rooms on Parker at., near
Grove.; lot 40x1.13; street work done; thL-i
is your cbanco to get a home at iow price
and easy terms.
Fine cciner near new Santa Fe deuot at
110.
$2225: 50x130: on Haste st.. near Dana;
big bargain. . : .
CHENEY & BERRY.
. P. O. Block. Berkeley Station.
BARGAINS — We buy. sell, exchange or build.
MURDOCH & CO.. Lorfci Station. Berkeley.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cent* — The Weekly Call.
1G pages. In wrapper, fcr mailing. $1 per year.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
: ¦ : • ¦
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
'' OAKLAND REAL ESTATE."
$750 CASH, $10 monthly; shingled cottage of
3 rooms, summer kitchen, lovely garden,
large chicken run and chicken houses; good
well of water; 3 lots, 75x100? all fenced: nice
wide graded street; near' U. 8. postoff.ee, 2
stores. Town Halt, church and school; new
large school now being built; 2 blocks to
electric cars; grand climate and view; away
from fogs and raw winds: adjoining East
Oakland; price all told $1300; call or eend
for circular. 453 Seventh st., opp. Broadway
. station, Oakland; carriage- free. H. Z.
JONES, owner.
BARGAINS In .Piedmont residence lots. Includ-
ing all kinds of flowers and shrubbery; will
build to »ult. Box S54.Cnll offlee. Oakland.
OFFICES >AXD STORES I TO LET.
GOOD space, for 'offices, tailor shop or the
like: -also basement. 1233 Broadway, Oak-
IanJ. *
OAKIJASI) FUKXlTlinE FOR SALE.
T^r3mTR^\v"tbT'dliy"7o^^
ture. H. Schellhaas. Ilth st..cor.store.OaklanJ.
SklWISO MACHINES AXD SUI'PHE*
NEW HOME— See our new triple-feed ma-
chines; slightly .used: $10. |I5. ?20; second-
hand. $3, $5, 4jS; all styles; guaranteed. New
Home Sewing Machine Co... 1051. Market tt
$16 60— NEw^Tmproved drop-head nlckei-flnish.
' sruarantetd U> yrs.; 2d-hand sewing machined
tS 5O. fry $4. 145 fith st.: tct. Jessfe «13a'
-STORAGE ' A -NO WAIinilOUSKS.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furaitur*.
household zoods stored, moved, shipped. 723-
731 Howard st.. nr. Third: ohone Grant 1BL
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storatfa & Moving Co.. of-
fice Post: and Powell sts.; tel. Prlve. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'S storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. ,333 Golden Gate. ave. : phon* > East 12&
GOLDEN West Storage: advances made: 810
Mlraion st.; tel. Howard OIL J F. W. Zshfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
' pany. -2320 Fltlmore st.: phone^ Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.*. 11 Montgomery
¦rt.: tel. Main .1B«o. Phtpnlng jit cut rate* ¦
AXD;8L'I'PHE3.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No. 1
'Smith Premier. $23; ; other <.' typewriters at
..higher and lower prices: rentals $2 50. The
. Typewriter Exchange. .'.16 Califorr.la st.
A FEW good typewriters at 930 each; get par-
ticulars of L. * M. ALEXANDER. 110 ilcnt-
' gomery - st. . . ' " -" ¦ ' . . ' ¦ •
A typewriter at anyprt.-e: atrents Fay-Sholes.
• lien: Sun. HO: Commercial. J35: Poftal. tZi
CUNNINGHAM. CURTISS .'* WELCH.
2D-HAND- typewriters told, rented, repaired.
. Webtter Typewriting Inspec.. Co.. 503 Market.
ViT'.V WANTED M»LTv Cantinoed.
MURRAY & READY. C34"and C36 Clay it.
Thone Main 5S48. '
leading Employment and Labor Agents.
VMXi we cave 19O4 we hope to
CO.'.iOO iren work. Increase CO.tKK).
"Woodturner, city Jr,b, $4 day.
StaWeman. dairy, city, $25 and fd.
1 Nurseryman, orchard, ' $26 and fd.
Gardener, Institution, $25 and fd.
10 Drusers, orchards' and vines. $26 to $30
1 and fd.
Cuok. restaurant, near city, $14 and fd.
It's socth.
Ship dally.
Arizona — Close to Pi—scott.
$3 — Arizona— $3.
25 woodchoppers to cut cordwood for big
lumber company.
Prices:
Redwocd. 80c ptr cord.
Plnewood, f\ 2!i per cord.
Hardwood, f 1 SO per cord.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay St.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.*S..Phcne Grant 1S5
French chef, only one who has worked in the
city. Mi;", cook, countrj- restaurant, $50;
w<tffleman. $4o-$45; elevator' boy or man,
city. $4O; eecond head waiter, hotel, $40-?45
C. R. HANSEN & CO 429 Bush st.
RANCH blacksmith, $35 and found; Italian
chorcman. $20 to $25 and found; Swias milk-
er and wife, $C0 and Xound: hotel cook,
country. $50 and found; baker, country ehop,
$4O and found: omnibus,- $20, and others.
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 62S Sacramento st. !
A BUTLER for a good place tn city, $45, city
rrfenrrce*; 2 yonux mer. to wait in an insti-
tution in country. $25 -each, board and room.
N. B. — This office opens 8:30 a. m. and closes
p. m. sharp. MISS PLUNKETT, 425
Sutter st-. near Powell.
A— L "~~ L"
M*n to learn the barber trade In two month*
and secure good positions; catalogue and Cull
Information mailed free. MOLER System
Ccllege. 635 Clay rt.
WHY pay big prices to have your shoes half-
•oled when you c^i get It done for 25c. SOo
acd eOc while you wait at 563 Mission St..
bet. 1st and 2d sts.. or 11 Third st
A MAN of Indomitable energy and push, a good
talker, eager to make money. F. PERSON,
477 ar.3 478. Parrott building.
BRIGHT boy for office work! Apply Superin-
tendent's offlce. The' Emporium.
MUSICIANS to Join military band. 32S Bush
St., third floor, room 4.
BRIGHT bey to l'arn printing trade; $4 a
week. Apply 510 Filbert «t.
BOY to drive with doctor. 1618 California St.,
9 o'clock this mornirt.
THREH-CHAIR barber shop for sale; strictly
modern. 137 Third st. •
FOR eale — 2-chair barber shop; cheap; llving-
room*. Apply 1547 Mission Ft.
BAP.BERP— Five-chair *hcp for sale; first-
class furniture. 137 Si^th St.
BARBERS- — Two-chair shop. $."»5; snap; ccme
quick; rent ?5. U~4 Mis-tion st.
FOR eale — 2 -chair barber shop; cheap. 1136^
Folsom st.
TRY our men's chcea, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 per pair, fcot-fonn shoes at 52 50. or
erthepedic ehoes, $3 50; best shoes on earth. U
Third tt . r-xam. bldg.. 5 doors from Market.
EXPERIENCED business men and women de-
siring mercantile position with good com-
pensation are requested to call on the Royal
Mercantile Co.. E uite 19. Columbian building
!>le Market st.. or to 052 Broadway, Oakland!
BARBERS, take notice!— The offlce of secre-
tary and Free Employment Bureau has re-
moved to 9 City Hall ave. or 1504 Market st.
at Journeymen Barbers' Union. Local 14$!
JOS. R. BLEILY.
COMPETENT man to take charge cf a small
model shop; must understand tempering and
fine tool work; state Qualities; references.
Address box 723, Call offlce.
WANTED — Men and women to learn the
barber trade; wapes paid while learning.
Call or addres* WESTERN COLLEGE OF
BARBERt-.«>47 Commercial St.. San Francisco.
¦WANTED — *n all around bookbinder: one who
can do forwarding and finishing on full
bounds. Apply SANBORN VAIL & CO. 741
Market St.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
list Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House.
XX" Third rt.; 25O robins; 25c to 50c per ntgM.-*
' 1(K' YOUJCG men of IS years, with good char-
acter, to crgar.ize military organization.
Cail at 473 Valencia st., bet. 6 and 8 p. m.
TRY cur men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 60 pair; foct-form chces at $2 50; we pay
txpreis or mail charges. 11 3d *t.. Exam. bid.
BARBER shop for sal£: runs 4 chairs: steady
central loeatien; v.cQW exchange for coun-
try shop if in healthy place. Box'S2y«, Call.
AN old e«tatJli8hed four-chair barber shop:
good paying Luair.e^s and good looation;
trie? reasonable. Address box 74<t, Call.
WANTED-r-A first-class carrtage blacksmith
at zood 'wa=ea. Apply to A. MEISTER &
SONS CO.. Sacramento. CaL ¦
PENSION ATTY.. M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis sr.; 14
years' practice; references from thousand* of
terzens for whom I have secured pensions.
WANTED— Draughtsman familiar -tvith terra
v.^tta work. GLADDING. McBEAN & CO .
Fan Francisco.
WANTED— Cash bey. Arply between 9 and
11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED— Man to drive laun.lry wagon; must
have $250. French I^iundry Co., H.172 Mission.
WANTED — A cutter for trimming on cloaks
at M. SIMINOFF'S. 122$ Market Ft.
WANTED — First-class expert pruner for an
orchard. Apply 10 Post «.
WANTED— -Cooper to trim; steady Job. 24
Commercial st.
BARBER shop for eale; gnod^ location; no
agent?. 2T»0 Sixth et.. near Folsom.
BOOTBLACK wanted, boy preferred, at Arena
barber thop. 11C1 Jefferson st.. Oakland.
WANTED — Men and worsen to learn the
barber trade; good chance. G27 Clay st.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for deep-water
ih:p«. Aprly DENTS place. 2tJ Steuart st.
WINCHESTER HoUl 44 Third at., near Mar.
fcet — 700 rooms; 25c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
ME?; to learn barber trade. San Francisco
Barber Ccllege. 741A Howard st.
PENSION atty.. E. A. Buliis, room 40. Phelaa
bldg. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G.A.R.
McDONALD & PERRY havs a large stock of
new and secend-hand shoes; cheap. 233 3d st.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch ofSoe. cor. Duncan 4. Church sts.
A BRANCH o'fic* of The Call for tht reception
cf advertisements and subscription* has been
opened at 100S Market it., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged half
price. iCZ Mission St.. bet. Let and 2d ets.
GET rour shoes half soled while watting; 25c
to COc. SCI Mission 8L. bet. 1st and 2d at*.
HORSES AXD \VAGO.\3.
FOR ssle — At Eclipse stable, 1375 Eddy et.
1 sprn-feay mares, 15-1 hand?; weight 22O);
gord drivers; 1 good plow team; 1 cheap
eccdle horw».
FOR siile cheap; 3 spring business wagons,
new; 1 2d-hand wagon. 1CSO Mission.nr.13th.
FOR «a'.«— HarvJ.-orr.e trap, cheap. Box 3753
i Call jfflce.
Al EXPRESS wapon. Iljrht camping wagoa
and go-cart fcr tale cheap. K2 Mission tt.
Lsrgezt assortznt 2-har.d wagons, buck b'd. sur-
rey. harn*s«. n-orlc.drlvtng horses. 15th-VaIengla.
UOCSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list of houses to let; sead for cir-
cular. G.il.CMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A— nOUSES »n4 flats to let; an Immense list;
service absolutely free: take . advantage of
this department; It will save you time and
uxutle. Corrfes Furniture Co.. 245-2&> Geary
it., on Uj» «quar«. ..
BEFORE moving get our printed list of houses
to let. BALDWIN" & HOffELL. 25 Post st.
I%VKST3JIJ>TS.
BONDS STOCKS AND MORTGAGES.
All *Jivider.<5-riying securities for tale.
CL'RMANIA INVEST CO..' 927 Market st.
LOST A.\D FOVSD.
JjOST — Friday night. 15-foot skiff. S pairs oars
• and decoys: brass rowlocks fastened to
oars. Return to GEORGE, the fisherman, at
Sub-ran te; receive reward.
LOST— Scotch collie Wtch. Suitable reward if
retnraed to H. ROESLER. 1454 Kills «.•
LOST — Sunburst pin. net with pearls and dla-
ni'-nJ*. .Reward at 775 Pine »u .
EMPLOYMEXT WAXTED MALE.
CTAN1DE specialist; also chemist and asjaj-
Ic?; tw-j and 0 half years MacArthur-Fcr-
rest rrt^-e??: cr-en for mssgement. J.
-F. CROPETTJfc CCK. <» r^.;ramento et.
YOUNG tr.an wants a position us retoucher and
™st <r en phctrgraphE : <an talk French.
vrerrpun. 5-candinavia.a ar.d Knglish if re-
quired. Call cr send wcrd to J. E.. 1703 San
>*ab!oave.. Otkland.
TOL"XC: man. sober. Indartriocs. wants r<« ! -
tioij as reader and companion to gent or lady,
sick or well; a trial mill prove satisfactory &
rcasrnsl.:?: knows city. Box 741. Call.
rOSIT.'ON wanted by reliable man. with his
cua help, tc do the work in a dairy, orchard
or grain ranch at a monthly talary and b<\»rd
rlmself ; gaod references, a. C.. 77 KlStb tt.
WANTED— By a raiddle-aged man. a posltica
r y kin<!; hani5 >' »"»a» tools; can tike care
or boiler or run engine, stean or gasoline -
rot afraifl to y.ork. Bon <bZ. Call ofrlee.
. X GERMAN *tnne ir.ason and cement worker,
unu. rstanis reservoir and oil tank work,
a pofltlon. Box 414. Ca'.l.
RELIABLE man crd wife want pcrltior.s to
£K« care of a gentleman's' place cr a stock
ranch; gt>od reference. -\v. p., 77 Ninth ei.
STEADY man. handy with too'.e. some carpen-
i-r «^nes(*. want* work: ha« fruall capl-
¦ al to tnven. Bex 717. Call office.
fcTUONG. ecber young man desires work: good
--hors« teamster and general work; moderate
_»-agea. Box T2fi. Call office.
MA.-n and wife desire po»ltlcn» on private
Fiace; good horseman snd gardener: wife
good cook. Address box ItX>5. Call. Oakland.
GOOD paperhanier. tinlfr ar.d painter wishes
position In rtty or country; good at hotel !
¦work. Bex 734. Call cf flee".
GROCERY c|.-ik. 6 months' experience, wishes
Mrady ocsition in a retail store. 33 Syca-
more ave.
CARPENTER work wanted direct from owners:
*3 cr contract; fir?*. -class work* be«t of. reler-
enrts. B-'i 429. Call office.
COLORED man and wife would like a situation
1T !_ Cuuntr? ' : can d ° anything. Bex 3232, Call.
AN old ger.t>7nan desires position a* collector
tr. doctor g cr any ether offlce. Box ZS7, C*.:i.
JAPANESE rtudent wants to work couple
hour* a day. H . H. K.. 122y Plr.e st.: teL
GOOD Chinese cock wishes position In private
arr.i.y. Aflgrers fHUN'G WING. 902 Clay.
¦ TACIAIi MASSAGE.
¦*— CRINKLES removed: fine complexion raar-
atteed; rew nsethod; SOc. M. LUTON mani-
curtsg paricrs. 764 Larkln tt.: phone Polk 17.
___ J^EATnEU^ "
B r-« B< w 11 ?*'* 11 !" 1 P rocesa - Cal. £tea=n reather
. \an N»es ave.: tel. Howard 3167.
FINANCIAL.
PS^f^OJ 1 T- I cor g? r i!''< 1 - financed aad stock
Rested W. H. BITTNER. Lawyer and F1-
caaclal Agect. 2^2 fema Spreckels bldg.
FLATS TO LET.
A— BOCECS and flats to let: en irr.men«« li«f
?ei^.-lc* absolutely free: tak» advantage of
tr-osbie. Cordes Furniture Co., 245-203 Geary
st.. oa the square.
ALL of the most desirable Beta and houses are-
UatM in our renting department; let us give
you a lirt and help you find one in the loca-
IS5. !XU •*"*• STERLING FURNITUHE
. COMPANY. 1039 Market St.; services ab»o-
li:tt;y free.
McAIXISTER. ZT.l— Par'.cr floor; 4 unfurnished
r-<-,rr.s; ras. t>ath: fjf,: Eiu'.ts; call before 2.
FLATS TO LET FlUMSUED.
FOR rect -Uandiome furnished fiat" with pl-
aco. la best r^idenc* secOon cf the city.
._. Call at &C3 Washington st.
FOLfiOM, C47— Ccaipittely furnished flat of 4
rocrr.?: tusry ar..l Llejsant: tiano. bath
E^ATS OH >ALE MttMSUED.
O.^rZ. ."..*.4 — Flat Tt rrcn:«: a fr:ar.
FlKMTtUi; KOlt SALE.
¦A— Brass bed-, hair raallres^f, wtathfred im-
r.ogary,. niai-ir. jurr..; hascisorne dmtng suit.
1r:-.;.-'-rl«:s.curta:r.s;tei. I'ag^ 7I>-. u».-«. Height, j
V UttMUBE WAXTED.
lilGHFST price* for furniture and mJse L. II
..UL'RD, aacUoEeer.lfeI>.Mkt.; t»-!.Hc»rard 27SC
A. "WOLLPERT. T73 ilis*ion. phone Red 4iC£
t-j-.fc. rerty. rt-pa'.r?. racks furnltare. carpets.
MULT U AXTliD-FEMALK.
CX«>K for atuderts J2S
«'ook, no warh. eountr>" !*$3:>
«"ook. 2 in family > , .
Cock, small hotel $.;&
Cock. *;i.a:i r^tauract $.Tt
* .->-cond girls $20-ti3
*a nur>>- girls fl5-S2<i-<25
i*aritr mala t2.->
S waitrtasis. hot'-l f2«>-fU.»
Waitress, first -class cafe fS
Waitr***, iurtltuticn f2v»
< "hansbertnaiil. «lt*i> hon:e $2>
<"han:benr.ai i f2:i
4 chaisbr rmaids, wait 1 meal $2i)
W> ernt-rs.1 housework girls city and cuun-
trj. fro. «--,. $:iu. Apply to
J. K. CI:O.~'ETT & OJ.. rT5» Putter.
A 'IKHMAN rr English nurse for the countrj'.
$-'X': a !aundr*t«. to ac^iRt little chamber-
• crk, 2 in family, t'U\ mm lady in orflce; a
nurse for 2 grown rhildrrn. place in city. $*i:
a second girl for 2 in fatnllr. wage* $25: 25
hous»-woik glrl>. wage? £20 to $r^i. Sf. B. —
TT.:;- offlce ojHnH" b:J<> a. m. and dost* 5:30
V- nv eharr. MI«S FLLXKETT. 425 Sutter.
A COOK. $40; nurs-. $30; nurse, $23; 2 house-
work p'ri». $35; 10 hou=e girls. %2fl: 2 oooks.
S?£ and i'SO; ciiasiU-rmatd. f'Ztt; waitreai!. ?25;
buarrting-house cock. f:>i; laundrese. %.Vi to
J.':.": cook snd sccf.nd g:rl, sum* house, $30
ntyi ?25. Mg.". NORTON. .11 a Sutter tt.
a^WAKTBt) — G:r!« tc le£m
r-.ar-icuring. etc. : tra.de tauxht from A to Z
Jn 2 »e*k.«: tZ to '.hafe entering cow; 3 px>-
i!t:cr.» to fili iinmt-dSately; positions ruaran-
U+<i at $!0 cer w»k cp: lectiing school in
Wwt. ii3 Geary tt.. room 13.
A — Girl* to Uarr. millinery now for rprtng sea-
so=: L-oth neauorj' taught from •itart to "r:l*b
In 1 mi>:»th for $15: positions as trimmers.
*a!e*'.ad'.e», »tc.,guaiar.tted it $10 per wk. up;
day ti:d ever.!n« cla*s. \*'i Stockton st.. r. 13.
A— 'LADIES to tram all branches ha'.rd-e«i!ns
trad-.-, naxdcaitas, massage, etc. 1230 Mar-
ket «*... cor. Jurrta. room 1*4; pcsitlor.s secured
• t hi«b««t «¦««: day aJ-.d eve. class; call.
•JEWING .iACIIINK OPERATOR? AND RIV-
ETKRf No nXPERlEN-.E NECESSARY;
FAIli FAI^ARV. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S
rACTOlUi:^. :rH KREMOXT ."T. AND 1S73
U1S£ZOS. M.AI: FIFTEENTH.
mziL_
TTAXTCD — Young lady bookkeeper. thor-
oughly exp»rTi«:cc<2 : muft b« a good penman.
Call betwtec U:3<) sn-1 11 o'clock. S. N.
WOOD-,* CO.. 740 Ma:Vet et.
TIPST -CLASS hairdre«s*r and m»r.irurirt
w-cnt«-d. Piihl's Ua!r Store. S2S Fourteenth
St.. Oakland.
WANTED — An experienced woman to travel
]».th line. Box 71S. Call offlce.
TOrNO pirl fcr light housework. 1722 Mar-
ket :-t . uprtairs. . .¦ : -¦."*•-¦
¦WANTi:i>— ppjiriftrcsyrr. Call within three
cay?, ,~i c an j> a blo ave.. Oakland.
WARS ED — A German or Scandinavian girl j
fcr cocScir.g and generr.l housework; wages j
:'l2V.fl3< York rt.. btt. 21st & 2Jd. off P.ryar.t
Gir.L fcr heascwerk; good position for right
• vPKtty. as BUa sC^gi __!_
C1TIL -»2=;»d fr T ;j~ht housework; sleep hem*.
A^GIRL for r'r.Ts! hoawwork. 1903 Bash st.
TVA r.'TEI>- U bck waitress, frcm 11 to 2. aF-
[ptT-Zli Valeaela st.
YOUr-."G g.r! •-. arrlst In Ilgfct hen^ework: ref-
erenccs. 227? fal-.'ciT.ia 9W
LA _V Y to t£ke Cisn and wait at tabie. 2S«J
First «t.
' n J5 S T; c V Af:s ""•^¦-*™p!'.e« funi!*h«d. Mis.
i* M. G. , Darrett; innructor. 202 Montgomery-
A BHANTH cff;ce c f The Call for the recep-
tion or vivfniKerwrits »nd subscriptions ha*
IT.^" cr X 1 ' <1 at 100S Market St.. opposite
T.f.h. o r ,» n ur;tu 1} p m
HELP WAXTED— 31 ALE.
A^ACIFir^jptoYMEKT AGENCT. '
,,. •'- 1 ' — Montgomery et. — S2U
L,_.**27* H* 181 lm - i:p«tairs.
if •T^T?' 'MllT-nuW. Central ' America.'
Sif/? J &.ISHS' mon *J': free fare.
W- ; MINK1SS— OREGON— NETT MEXIT) J
iZ£'Ji £ atnlli :* bnya. country box fac.
ion. rtirker . plaaeman. country mllU «3o;
. $30 and- fc-oruf;
COLUHN5 WILL BRING MMNITOLD RETURNS. TRY ITI^ito Shipping: Intelligence.
FAILED.
Wednesday, January 20.
Stmr Brunswick. EHofiien. Fort Erase.
DOMESTIC PORT..
A REJtDKEN— Sailed Jan '£O— Schr -Ceclllii
f?u<5df n. . Tor San Pedro; etmr San Tcdro, for
San Francisco. SffiMBB . - -'- -.
Russian exporters are bitter in the
complaints against ; the mismanage
ment of the Siberian railway. The
rolling-stock is totally inadequate,. and
the great delays due to this feature
and to the numerous breakdowns
have inflicted great losses on mer
chants using the railway. The Man
churian railway. will accept no respon
sibility for loss due to accident or de
lay. Several lots of tea were three
months in their' way across Asia.— -
Xew York Commercial Advertiser.
Tlic Siberian Railway.
An amusing story is told of "Uncle
Dick" Ogleby. once" Governor of Illi
nois.- He made a tour of inspection
of the Joliet prison, and came to a
cell in which a" hideously ugly man
was eonOned. The man was so ill
favored that the Governor stopped to
ask about him.
'-. : ''What's he in for?"- - .
"He forced a young woman to elope
with" him at. the point of a pistol," the
keeper replied. . \ ;
>^- Well." $ald Qglesby, "I guess I'll
pardon him/'
"Pardon him!" protested the^War
den. "Why,! Governor, the proof
against hini is. absolute."
"I know." said the Governor, "but
he couldn't get her to marry. him in
any other waj^"
fere with them. But when the Hotten
tst is once fully aroused It, Js ; difflcult to
restrain him. and the landfulof Eng
lishmen : in ' the country may yet suffer.
—London Express.
Governor Ogleby's Sympathy.
London's campaign against the dock
rats has progressed satisfactorily. Ac
cording: to the official reports of the
rat killers, over 5000 of the rodents
have been killed every month of the
past year. Since the bubonic scare
roused the authorities, to action not
loss than a quarter^* a million. rats
have been killed. The gain has been
great, not only, from the health point
of view, but in the savins of property.
The destructive capacity of the Lon
don wharf rat is very large, individual
ly and collectively. — Xew York Com
mercial.
London's Campaign Against Hats.
REAL ESTATE THANSACTIOXS.
WEDNESDAY. JANUARY 2O.
City and County of San Francisco to Frank
H. Kilduff. lot on E line of Polk street. S7:6
S of Vallejo. S 50, E l^S. NE 51:2, W
13S:lO;i: 5 .
Anna E. Gorham to. Georsf? d* Urioste, lot
on SE comer of -Fell and Franklin streets. E
82:0 by S 120; $10.
Horace G. and Agnes Tanner to Golden Gate-
Real Estate Company, lot on \V line of Frank
lin street. 30 S of O'Farrell, S 27:6 by W
S7:6; $10.
Annie E. and John II. Dickinson to Kate E.
Henescy, lot en S Hne of California stre.;,
137 :G W of Octavia, \V ::i:!» by S 137 :«; $10.
Howard C. »n«t Jcs?nhino K. Holmes to
Frank P. Hooper, let on N line of Green str*?t,
137:6 E of Devisadero. K 32 by N 1«7:«: $10.
Oscar C. and Agnes K. Cappelmann to John
A. Fell, lot on \V line of Lycn street. 2!) S of
Sacramento. S '_ > <i:7«s by W 100; S10.
Charles Pnpchotd to Edwin JI. I'rosehold,
lot on N line of Point I.obos avenu>. 27:7?4
W of Boyce street. AV 104 by N 100; gift.
City and County of San Francisco to Frau
ds X. Mt-ttman. lot on E lino of Guerrero
rtreet. 175 N of Thirteenth, N 23 by K SU;
9 .
Adolpli 3. K!«?her to William Miller. M on
S line of Twenty-cfcond street, 225 E of Guer
rero, K 23 by S 114: 510.
Charles Alpern to, Henry M. Whltely. lot on
E line of Powell Etreet. 77:6 N of Broad wa>,
N eirby e cc: $10.
Emma L. Stanley to I>arkin M. Hayeraft.
same; f,H».
'William G. and Hetty T. Henahaw and A.
W. and Ida Pattianl to L. E. Uonrdman. lot
on SE corner < f Bush and Leavenworth streets,
K 9.1 hy S 137 :«; $10.
William and T. C. Nlcol and G. L. and
Katie L* Fltz to Minerva O. Miller, lot on SE
corner of. Green and Hyde streets. E 77 :t} by
S 137:6; $1O<.
Minerva. C. Miller to Jesse R. , Eoff. . fame ;
510.
Robert and Lilll? Bchlow to Frederick .Jr.
and Alhlne B. Zech, ,lot on S llnp of Post
street, 37 :« E of I,arkin. K 10 by S 87:«: 510.
Estelle \V. H. Magee (wife of 1 Thomas Jr.)
to Samuel A. and Isabelle B. Boyd. lot on S\V
lln<» of Spear *tre?t. 275 SE of Howard. SE
22:11 by SW 137:6; *10. •
City and County of. San Francisco to Teresa
Marchlnl. lot on SW Hne 'of Rltch street, i50
SE of Bryant. SIS ?r» by SW 75: ?10.
Estate of Edward T. Donnelly (by T. V.
Maxwell nnd Richard. Hi Barry, executors) to
William H. Healy. all interest in following:
I>ot on NI3 corner of Arizona and India streets.
N 3QO by E 200; al«o , lot on • SE corn'r of
Fresno and Arizona streets. S 200 by E 200;
also lot on NE corner of ' Idaho and Mendo
cino street*. E 200,, N 50:5. SW S
30079; S2SC0. P! • « >
.Tampf. F. and" Viola K. Dunn, to' same,
undivided one-third of same; $llt. .'.
Kate J. Donnelly to same, all. came, quit
claim deed: S1O.
John and Ella McCulloch to Mary E. M^
honey, lot on N line of California street. 57.80
W offcFourth avenue,- W 25.13, N 7S.51, E
88." S 75.05; $10.
Eugenia I. Cole to Willis E. Davis, let on
W line of Eighteenth avenue, 100 S of Lake
street, S 100 by W 120: $10. ,
James-F. (or J. F.) Cleary to Oscar Hey
man, lot on -S lln« of Point I^obos avenue*.
82:6 W of Ninth, W 25 by S 100: also lot on
SE' corner of T street and Forty-first avenue.
K 82:(5 by S 100; also lot on SW comer of
Twenty-fourth avenue and Q street, S 125,
W 120, N 25, E 12:6. N 100. E 107:6; $10. "
Carrie E. and Jlenrj' S. Bridge to Catherine
F. Hill (wife of. Thomas I.O. lot on E line of
Third avenue, 100 S of Point Lobos. S 50 by
15 120: $10.
. Louis and Rose I^lpman to SopWe V. Culp.
lot on S line of Jl street. .".IE of Twenty
first avenue, E 30 by S 1W»: $10.
Alhert Meyer to Hammond S. Weaver, lot
on E line of : Eighteenth avenue, 275 N of I
street.^ N .%0 by El?0; $10.
• Julia .and John Canning, to John and Kitty
Petersen.. lot - CG4,- gift- map 3; .gift.
¦ '¦ Mary > R. H&nnan to ' Anna L#snnon (Han
nan). . lot 4," block 21," Sunnyvale - Homestead
Association;', sift. .' V
N.~- J. - McNamara to Alexander Foster, lot
IP, block B, nuMivision of block 1», West
End roan 2; $15<V
' Secllla Wright to S. Ducas* Company Ccorpo
ration), lot on SW line of Thirty-seventh ave
nue.'75 NW of K street, NW 75 by SW 100.
lot 2, block 53. Paul Tract: $10.'
-' S; . Ducas 'Company -(corporation) to Adolf
and . Ida Seaborg. ' lot '¦ on SW ' line. ; of Thlrty-
Beventh avenue, ' 75 NAV of , K ¦ etreet, NW 75
by. SW 100, lot 2, block 53, Paul Tract Home
stead;. $10.- ¦¦¦:;. ' : ~ . ¦:. - ' "
* Mary. J. Emmons to ; George W. and ¦; Har
riet A. Emmons - (trustees for Mar-
Jorle * and., Gertrude Emmons). riot' on N Vine
of Ocean road. -ICO W of - Douglass .street. N
1C8 :6, W SO. S > 113 :6," E 51. _ block r 20, San
Miguel Rancho sun'ey,: trust deed;,$5.'
.'-Building: Contracts.,
Paul T." Goodloe * (owner) with -E.v T. Leltcr
(contractor), architect! Edgar A. Mathews — All
work for a -two-story frame building (rour
flats) '.on'.SE "corner- of- Pierce 'and Filbert
streets. ¦ E . 82 by;3 JM5;-SU.45l. . .
. Isldor t Schwartz '¦ (owner) * with ' Ickelbelo^
Rrcs. ftontraotOK?>. architects Salfleld & Kohl
lierff — Plumbing, gas tilting: and sewers for a
iwo-story. attic and basement frame building
on S line of Pacific street. i:i":« W of Laguna.
W 'M by £ 127:^;; ?11SS.
R. M. Fitzgerald (owner) with J. Frank Ball
(¦contractor), architect T. P. Ross — All work
for n two-story ar.d basement framf building
on K line cf lx>tta street. 250 S of Parnassus
averaie. S 25 by K 101. lot 16, block C. Sunset
lle'phts; JilSsrr.
O. I-. Payne rown*r) with John Giilogley
fec-ntractor). architect M. J. Welch — All work
for a three-story framo building (six Cats) on
K line of Howard street. 210 X of Twenty-
Blxtli. N ".o by E 113; $ll.r.0o.
I..0UI3 Tlondell (owner) with Alfred Olson
(oontractt r). architects rtovsseau A aon — All
work except painting, lincrusta, mante{s. gas
fixtures and grates for three three-story frame
buildings (Hore and flats) on N\V line of Mis
sion street, l!tt«:e NE of Twenty-ninth. NE 45
by NW 200, lots 25 and 2«, Tiffany and Dean
Tract; $90G«. ,
Ella? Wange (owner) with J. Boehrer <pon
tractor). architect Ralph VI*. Kart — Alterations
and additions to a three-story and basement
frame buiMinz at SX3 Stockton street: &MX>.
'C] 'A Whistler Yarn.
>Vhlstlers amusing personal con
ceit was charmingly displayed on one
occasion when A. G. Plowden. a Lon
don police magistrate, attended a pri
vate view at the Grosvenor gallery.
"Almost the flrst friend I met." he
says, "was Whistler, and he very good
naturedly took me up to a fall length
portrait which he was exhibiting to
Lady Archibald Campbell. After I
had done my best to express my hum
ble appreciation of a beautiful picture
I asked him if there were any other
pictures which he would advise me to
look at. Other pictures,' said Whis
tler, in a tone of horror; 'other pic
tures! There are no other pictures!
You are throu-" !* " — Argonaut.
Shinglers' Union No. 1— President, B.
B. McGrath; vice-president, William
Doyle; recording secretary, John Wil
liamson; financial secretary, John Sul
livan; treasurer, William Kurlbaum;
sergeant at arms,; Edward Conkly;
delegates to Building Trades Council—
W. H. Joy. James Fallon and John
Sullivan; finance committee— E. J. Da
vis, Fred Brooks and John Sueyras.
The union has sent three weekly dona
tions of $10 each to the locked out men
of Fort Bragg.
Painters' Union No. 10— President, C.
E. Russell: vice president, G. W. Sny
der; recording secretary. E. O. Brun
dage; financial secretary, H. L.. An
drews; treasurer, J. A. Burkhart; trus
tee, W. H. Hopps; conductor, J. E.
Murdock; warden, W. J. Davis; busi
ness agent, G. S. Woods; trustee, to Or
ganized,Labor Publishing Company, E.
O. Brundage; trustee to Progressive
Planing Mill, W. H. Hopps; trustee to
Labor Temple, H. L. 'Andrews':
\ •¦ - .
Butchers' Union, Branches 1 and 3—
Chairman, Stephen Hurley; vice chair
man, • George Golden; guide, A.
Schnucker; guardian, H. /Ludeman;
sergeant-at-arms, R. Maurer; dele
gates to joint executive board— C. Hill
and Stephen Hurley. Charles West
phal. past president of Branch 4, at
the last meeting was presented with a
gold emblem. Branch 5 — Chairman,
William- McHugh; . vice chairman,
George Bordenone; guide, E. J. Pequil
lan; guardian, John Crummey; ser
geant at arms, N. C. Stewart: dele
gate to joint executive board, William
McHugh. Branch 6 — Chairman. Carl
Mahler: vice chairman, William Wolf;
guide, W. Hooper; guardian, W. J.
Toner; sergeant at arms, John Mc-
Carthy; delegate to Joint executive
board, W. J. Cleary. Branch 7—Chair
man, Oscar Hoberg; vice chairman,
George "Rodolph; guardian, Frank
Walsh.
Officer? Elected by a Number of
Unions to Serve During the
" Ensuing Year.
The revised' wage schedule of the
electrical workers has been accepted
by , the several companies in whose
service union men are employed. The
new agreement is. hailed with much de
light by the men, as they have been
anxious for an increase for some time
past. S
Stationary Firemen's Union will en
tertain its members and their friends
in Social Hall. Alcazar building, to
night with a social and dance. The
committee of arrangements comprises
J. H. Smith," Denis Foley, G. H. Rickey,
Ralph Notra and Martin Conroy.
The following unions have electetl
their officers for the ensuing term of
six months:
ELECTRICAL WORKERS
.GET DESIRED INCREASE
He bezan his railroad experience
sixty-three years ago in the freight
office of the Connecticut River Rail
road at Northampton. A few years
later he was made ticket agent at
Holyoke. then a small town that had
not begun to feel the impetus of the
water power development 'which later
made It the largest center of writing
paper manufacture in the world.
For more than half a century Mr.
Ward sold tickets to Holyoke resi
dents, being one of only a few ticket
agents retained when the Boston and
Maine Railroad leased the Connecticut
niver Railroad ten years ago. Two
stations were abandoned, but the
ticket office was not deserted by Mr.
Ward, whose broad shoulders and pa
triarchal beard are familiar to, al
most every resident of Holyoke, as"
well as thousands of occasional visit
ors to the city. In fact. Mr. Ward Is
said to be the best known citizen in
Holyoke.
At the time of his retirement he
was the oldest ticket agent on the
Boston and Maine system In point of
years of service, and j perhaps the
oldest in the United States in a city of
the size of Holyoke. — New York Com
mercial.
Fifty years of selling tickets at a
bustling railroad station is beyond the
endurance of the nerves of the /aver
age person. One of a few men to
accomplish the feat is \V. W. Ward of
Holyoke, Mass.. who retired with the
beginning: of the new year.
B.d.Ask. , Bid.Ask.
Ksperaaza ... — 01, Rescue 06 07
UoM Anchor. — 25iTon Bclmont. 6»> tiS
MacNamara . 00 — Ton Extcn... 45
Mlzpah Ex .. — 25 Ton of Nev.5 37V. 0 75
Mont Ton 1 25 1 30 Ton N Star.. Zi ;s5
N Y Ten — C5 Ton Midway. 41 45
Paymasier ... — (0 Ton Superior. — us
Hay &. OBrien — It United Ton... — 10
A Ilalf-Ccnturj- Ticket-Seller.
500 Ande 33 6C0 Occidental ... S5
000 Belcher 27 500 Overman .... 22
100 Best & Belch. 1 75 400 Ophlr 4 10
50 Caledonia ... »0 800 Potoei 2U
200 Caledonia ... 95 500 Savage 61
l»j Challenge Con 26 1200 Scorpion 03
•V)0 Chollar 23 30ft Se* Belcher. . OS
500 <-Tiollar 22 200 Sierra Nev .. «3
400 Con C & Va'.l CO 400 Sierra Nev .. 6'{
BCdOon Imperlar. 03 100 Sierra Nev .. «2
200 Crown Point. 2J SCO Union Con .. S2
StW Hale & Norc. 60 400 Vnlon Con .. 81
BOO Justice 12 100 Utah 14
Afternoon Session.
1000 Alpha OS 5O0 Mexican 170
700 Andes 32 200 Occidental ... SO
100 Caledonia ... 85 500 Ophir 4 35
200 Chollar 23 100 Overman 22
! 400 Chollar 22 COO Potoei 20
I 200 Con C & Va.l 60 100 Sierra Nev .. «6
100 Crown Point. 23 200 Sierra Nev .. «5
j 100 Crown Point. 24 200 Union Con .. 85
COO Gould & Cur. 36 100 Union Con . . 84
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Andes S3, 200 Hale & Norc. 60
100 Belcher 2S 200 Mexican ...1 €7%
2U0 Belcher 26 1 4^ Mexican 1 05
50 Best & Belch. 1 75! 200 Mexican ..,.1 O>
100 Caledonia ... 97 1 tiOO Ophir 4 10
400 Caledonia ... 03 100 Ophlr 4 a
100 Chollar 23i 100 Ophir 4 4 >0
100 Con C & V.I 57% I 100 Cavage ! C4
350 Con C & Va.l 60' 200 Savage .... 53
600 Con C & Va.l B6 300 Union Con .. 81
200 Crown Point. 2« 200 Union Con .. 83
100 Gould & Cur. od' JCO Utah ...."... 14
200 Hale & Norc. 62 i 100 Yellow Jacket 40
Afternoon Session.
400 Andes 33, 1 on Mexican 165
10ft Andee :Si ::t4, Ophlr 4 30
2<!0 Andes 31 ICO Ophlr 4 '45
.'>0i 1 Belcher 27 2<ti> Savage 6«
!<••> Caledonia ... Otij 200 Sierra Nev .. «6
W>') Chollar 23 100 Sierra Nev «5
l'i' Con C & Va.l 00 10(1 Union i'on .. 85
100 Con C & V.I 57i; .".mi I'nion Con .. S«
4<;0 Crown Point. 24 M) Union Con iV 81
i>iO Gould & Cur. 3'4
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were th» rales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchanse yesterday:.
Morning Session.
g» Evelyn 25 ; IOOO Ton Belmont. CO
30O Mont Ton..l 27'-i; 100 Ton Midway. 41
050 Paymaster ... VJ\ 100 Ton of Nev.. 3 50
Afternoon Session.
MX) Brunswick ... OOi 2UO Mont "am..! 27'4
400 Evelyn 254 40M Ton Belnjont. 68
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
,_, • «y
WEDNESDAY. Jan. 2U— 4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. , Bld.Ask.
Alpha 07 O.*; Justice 12 14
Alta 11 14|Kentuck 03 >H
An<irs GO :>2|Keyes Graes.. — 1 75
KHchT 2« 2S|I-ady Wash.. 06 —
lfest & Belch. — 2 li>|Mexlcan 1 «0 1 (jr.
Bullion 08 10;Occidental ... 79 <a
Caledonia ... 05 at; Ophlr 4 10 4 i5
Challenge Con 21 23 Overman 21 13
Chollar 22 2:i:Hoto*i 10 -Ju
Confidence 0O 1 00;Sava?e 55 £»j
Con C & Va.l 50 1 55 "Scorpion 0:{ t5
Con Imperial. <rj (HiSeg Belcher., f'19 10
Con NY.... 05 07 j Sierra Nev . . C3 (;«
Crown Point. 23 24) Silver Hill ..60 «)
East Sierra N 05 — (St Jxmls — 20
Eureka Con.. — 60 ,' Syndicate 04 06
Exchequer ... 19 22 Union Con . . 82 84
Gould & Cur. r.5 3ii>Utah 13 15
Hale & Nurc. €0 i!2> Yellow Jacket 38 OS
Julia 00 CSl
TONOPAH MINES.
Continued From Page Fifteen.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
It had/its origin in a Bond-street tea
shop, where a party of five ladies dis
cussed the hated word, and resolved to
form into a committee to
devise some, drastic means of stamping
it out. ' '
It was at first suggested that an
"Anti-Spinster Crusade" should be or
•ganized." This was, however, aban
doned on the ground that to be«"antl"
anything was an indication of "cranky
ism." All .agreed that the term spin
ster was distinctly unfair jf not abso
lutely libelous, and that its application
branded air unmarried ladies^ as old
maids.' • "Bachelor" was elegant when
compared with, "spinster," it was con
tended. And then the promoter of the
movement had a brilliant inspiration.
"Why not form a lady bachelors*
club?" she asked.
The ladies reasoned that such a. club
would provide a kind of passive resist
ance to the word they abhorred.
The question of a club having been
decided, it was resolved that its object
should be mainly to remove the word'
"spinster" from all dictionaries; and
one lady hinted that she had influence
in high quarters sufficient to prevent
the use of "that horrible word" upon
census returns and other official docu
ments. V\JT.' -
The following general principles of
management were then agreed upon:
That the members of the club shall
consist of girls who are not single by
reason of the fact that they have never
received a proposal: girls who have
never had the opportunity of rejecting
an offer of . marriage; and engaged
girls. . 0
That when a member of the club is
married no fine be imposed.
That such bride should, however,
ceaee to be a member of the club. — To
ronto Mail.
The abolition of the word '/spinster,"
as applied to unmarried women of. all
ages, is the sole object of a society
which has jiist'been formed.
One word about the English; in Sud-
West. Their ; number is^ not large, "and
they are «chiefly in the Keetmanshoop
district. There is no. bad< feeling be
tween them and the Hottentots, and
the care .taken by" the rebels to < avoid
injuring them proves \ a " fixed policy, on
the part of the Hottentots not to intcr-
The troops— 1000 or so— era scattered
far and wide in ones and twos, lind
very few posts number mory. than
twenty men. Concentration would be
very difficult and lengthy. \' The dis
tance from "Windhoek (whence the 1000
rifles will, march) to Warmbad is 450
miles, and water is scarce <along the
road so that the relieving force, which
must largely consist of olunteers, will
take at least a fortnight to reacl "the
scene of action, for the only railway in
the colony runs from the port of Swak
opmund to Windhoek, the - capital.
Much ma^ happen in that time.
The troops will march through Reho
both. Gibeon and Keetmanshoop,** the
last being the chief, administrative cen
ter of the south, and a small -town,
whose danger must be considerable; as
it is only .about 100 miles north of
Warmbad. >
- It is to be hoped . that" the , German
advance' wilh be ; swift and successful.
The Bastards and possibly . the- Wit
boois, ca« / be relied on, and with their
help the Germans and Dutchmen may
possibly get down south in time to
avert a terrible disaster/. V
Sud-West, as the colony is generally
called, I3 a country of magnificent dis
tances (its area is about 280,000 square
miles), and 'much of it is practically
desert. Along the whole coast (some
800 miles) and for about 100 miles in
land It is a howling wilderness— first of
sand and then of stones.
Within this belt the country improves
somewhat, but the -continued droughts
are a sore trial to t farmers. The fertile
areas are" generally dried up. The coun
try in the southern half of the colony
is t covered with scrub, and H wide
stretches of undulating country alter
nate with high ridges. It is a country
adapted to guerrilla warfare* . V
SCATTERED TROOPS/ '
The pure Bushmen are probably the
lowest type of human beings in the
world. Queer little, undersized, ner
vously grinning blacks, they cannot be
tamed,, and now are approaching ex
tinction. Traces of their paintings are
found even in'Basutoland, but German
Southwest Africa is to-day their last
home. They live now, as they always
did, widely scattered. Thefr language
is practically a succession of clicks, and
as a rule their intellects cannot grasp
any number higher than five. Anything
beyond that is "a. great many."
The Bushman has apparently no
moral sense. He will live where even a
Hottentot will starve, and as a hunter
he is hard to beat. He will follow a
buck until it drops from exhaustion,
and his poisoned arrows are things to
be avoided.
Their cunning is proverbial, and as
trackers of game they rank high. Un
fortunately, they are cursed with a glo
rious past. - . . '.:¦¦; , f • .
Hendrik Witbooi, 'chief of th> Witbooi
Hottentots, was-for years the terror of
all the tribes of the southern parts. He
finally quarreled with the Germans and
fought them for three years with won
derful skill, using guerrilla tactics, and
finally surrendering on honorable
terms. He is now a pensioner of the
Germans and is believed to be loyal.'
But the Hottentots generally have
never forgotten the good fight he made.
They have never been thoroughly and
properly thrashed, and as the Germans
have allowed the chiefs to retain some
authority over their tribes, there is a
strong clan serttiment. The execution
of a chief might well bring discontent
to a head, and it is not impossible that
they may consider the Germans re
sponsible for the drought.
PUKE BUSHMEX.
. The Hottentots are of various clans
scattered about, chiefly in the southern
half of the colonyl' They are usually
small and yellow-skinned, and their
wool grows in patches. Their language
consists largely of clicks and gurgles,
and is not pleasant t<j listen to.
They are lazy, treacherous, thievish
and untruthful. Theyywork when they
cannot help it, and when there is Si
chance of hunting off they go and leave
their employer in. the lurch. They will
live where a white man would starve,
and find water where he would die of
thirst.
VARIOUS CLAXS.
Besides the half-caste trib£ called
Bastards, there are Herreros; Damaras,
Ovampos, Hottentots and Bushmen.
The Herreros, Damaras arrU Ovarapoa
are of the same blood as the -Zulus,
Basutos and Cape Kafirs." The former
two, who live chiefly in the N central
zone, have given little trouble to the
Germans, but the Ovampos, who live in
the far north, are still unconquered and
are defiant and insolent to the Ger
mans, who for several years past have
planned expeditions which so far have
had to be postponed. The Ovampos, if.
fully mustered, could show 14,000 fight-
Ing men, some of them armed with
rifles. Thus there is a threatening
cloud in the north.
The bad news from German South
west Africa introduces to notice a ter
ritory seldom heard of. Before 1883
the colony was a sort of no-man's-land,
having:, besides a population of about
250,000 natives, a sprinkling of English,
Germans and Dutch, the last-najned the
most numerous, who shot big game,
traded with the natives and raised
stock. There was some supervision
from Cape Town, but very little.
In 1883 Luderitz, a German, purchased
a concession in the. south from a Hot
tentot chief, and .as the Cape Govern
ment did not care to undertake perm
anent responsibilities in that part of
the world Prince Bismarck declared a
protectorate over the whole territory
between Cape Colony and Portuguese
West Africa, and the German flag was
hoisted at,Angra Pequena in* 1884.
What the Hottentot Rising
Means-Trouble With Ovam
' pos— Some Tribes Conquered
One of the Objects of the So
ciety is ito Remove the Hated
Word Fr,om All Dictionaries
PASSIVE EESISTANCE PLAN
WANT OF TACT THE CAUSE
Club of Ladies Is Organized
in London to Abolish the, Old
•and Hated' Term of L Spinster
Natives of Her Southwest
Territory in Very Dissatisfied
Mood and Ripe for Trouble
LADY BACHELORS
IS RIGHT NAME
GERMANY'S NEW
AFRICAN PERIL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALw> THURSDAY, jAi\'UARV 21. i9»*. '
14
\ SEE TH E, PICTURES I I
I $g ; ¦ : 1 %
\ c \ '" ' ' \ c
r ¦ ' §
\ V . The Most Thrillinjly Vivid Picture Yet Pressnted of the
¦ Arena of the Coming Conflict Between Japan and Russia. X
z • - 7^
h — —^ — |j
1 Watch for the Solution of the Mystery |
I of the ManWho Won Judith's g
I Heart in "Crittenden/* |
|; I THE UNKNOWN MAN ~"|. |
\ BY TROY ALLISON. %
I I GENTLE ART OF FOOLING I |
\ BY HELEN MATHERS. »
I MR. GRAY'iS RIVAL |
\ BY ELIZA ORNE VHITE. i§
I ¦; I
\ Don't Miss the Beautiful Full Page I I
j;. New Multiple " Color Photograph |
DEATH NOTICES.
- Continued From Page Thirteen.
Gears* E.. dearly beloved husband of Cath-
erine lUrrold. father of Alice. Vera FIos-
Iic ar.d G«or*re Harrold. and stepfather of
iVintam anJ P. II. Loftus. Mr?. J Mcrris
ind Mr*. J. Doherty. a native of Boston,
Haw., aged !>2 years.
ICT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
ully invited to attend the funeral to-day
Thursday), at 10:30 o'clock, from his late
¦?•id* nor. 812 Harrison street, thence to St.
'atrick* Church for senioes at 11 o clock,
ntwncnt Holy Cross Cemetery.
NSBN-In this city. January 20. 1904, Mr*.
.ouis«> Jenwn. dearly beloved mother of J.
1. Jen«*n end Mrs. George Hendrichseti. a
lative of Germany, ared .">G years 1 month
nd 7 days. !
,ECK — In Millbrae. San Mateo County, Jan-
iary 19. 1904. Frank J. Jlleck. belqyed hus-
and of th*. late Annie Jileck. and^rather
cf Frank J.. Richard J. and George R. Jll-
eik. Mrs. C Marb'.e and Mrs. S. Williams,
a native of Cleveland. Ohio, ased 54 year*.
A member of Viiited Brotherhood cf Carpen-
Vrs an<1 Jotnen? <^f America No. 483. <Cleve-
lar.ii. Ohio, r>at>ers please copy.)
CXFrlends and acquaintanct* are respect-
fully tnvited to cttend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday) at 0:30 o'clock, from the parlor*
or the I'nited Undertakers. RCO Mission
rtresu between Fourth and Fifth, thence to
St. Jc*«t>h"*i Church for services at 10
o'clock.' Intermrnt Holy Cross Cemetery.
JOrtGENEEN— In San Lorenzo. January 20.
1!*>4. Marram Giekter Jorgenseo. beloved
wife of J. O. Jorsriisen. and mother of John,
Kate, Henry. Sophia, Otto and Nicolas Jor-
jtensen and Mr«. W*. J. Rowles of San ] Le-
nnaro and Mrs. W. E. Carpenter of Los An-
celes. acred 46 years 3 months and 5 days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend t»ie funeral Friday,
at 1' o'clock, from the late residence at Sen
l-orenxo. Ir.termect i=en Lorenzo Cemeterj-.
KKPPLL— In Les Anzele?, January 18. 1904,
Paniel K. KtpI«>. r native of Meelln.. County
< 'ork. Ireland, acrd :{<> yrars. A member of
Yf>rke Coundl No. 5CS, Y. M. I. : •-¦
. CTTYienriK and srqunin'ances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
• Thursday), at 8:45 o'clock, from the par-
lore of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 7C7 Mission
nrr^-t. thence to St. Patrick's Church, where
t> refluWm hisrh mtiss will be celebrated for
the reixsa of hie toul at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Crcjss Cemetery.
KKBIt— In tHs city. January 19. 1904. Susan,
dearly lieloxcd wife cf John Kerr. and de-
» voted inothcr of Mrs. A. 1. Cadwell. Mrs.
T)«vld Mfllrr and Mr*. James Miller, a na-
tive of FcorJaLid. a;rd tO years 7 months
and IS fiayp.
C^Frlendw ard acquaintances are respect-
fully lr.vltcd to attend the funeral to-morrow -
• Friday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. £chr A- Co.. 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh -and Kiehth. Interment Cy-
prc-»» («i«n ("emetery, by electric funeral
from niebtoenth er.d Guerrtro street*.
LEKOVICH— In this city. January 19, 1004.
Milan I<*kov!ch, a native 'of Montenegro,
aped HI ye.-irs.
EIT'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fa!ly invjieJ to attend the funeral to-day
• Thursday*, at 1 o'clock, from the'parlors
of the Henry J. Gallagher l.'ndertaking Com-
pany. :» Fifth street. Interment Servian
•Vmetejy. San Mateo County.
LFWLS— In this city. January 19. 1904. Mary.
b<:Iov<d wife of the late Philip Lewis, and
noihrr of Pbflls L»wis. Mrs. Frank Aron-
»on. Mrs. Mevrr Bloom a-id Mrs. Albert
Triel>»r. a native <;f Manchester. England,
«cd TV >esr.» 8 niorith? an«l 7 day*.
G^Tho funeral will take place Thursday.
J«nuary 21. at 10:30 o'.lock. from h-r late
resilience. «;io Orive street, between Laguna j
anJ r.uthanrn. Initnncnt rriv&te. Hills of i
Eternity Ccmc-tery.
i!^ARTHY-In this city. January 20. 1004.
Vary, bolo\ed Tvife of the late Michael Mr-
<^rthy. .mother cf Micliacl. John and Mac-
cie McCarthy. Mrs. W. K. Ftanton and llr?.
W. A. King, and Fixter of 1'atrick. John and
Toward Hl-ieldr an.l Mrs. "Hllen LaUmer. a !
nathe of Smartsvtne, Vuba County. Cal. I
sred 40 vrars 11 months and 6 dcys. '
CXFriends and acquittances are respect- '
fully inxit<-«l to r.ttend the funeral to-morrow j
• Friday*, at 12:30 o'c!r>ck. lrftm the reslde;i.-e, •
"f her dauEhtrr. Mrs. W. K. Ptanton. 10U1 i
Minna street. th<nce to .St. J'-»»ph'js (Thurch, 1
wh*re mervten will be h»!d at 1 o'clock. In- j
t»rment Boijr Cro«? C>m*~terj-.
MAOtOAK— In this city. January 20. 1904. i
nii:a T.. betored wife of ICdward J. Ma<*l- !
ran. m«>th.-r r.i (l*r«>nc*. Willie. Edna. I
Graif. n<1«arfi and Dorothy Madizan, and ;
*ift»r of MiM J. J. McDf.nald. Mrs. H. Co!-
s«n and Jolin W. Packer, a nstive of San !
Francisco, aced 35 years 3 months and 17 '
«ay«.
MAGl.'IRE — In this cjty. January 20. ID04; j
Grace Madeline. b*>1o\e0 rhiM of <"haVles P. '
snd Mary K. l>. Matjiif. and sister of Ar- !
xhur L.. HeJpn F. and Walter F. Mag:uire. I
a native of San Trancisco. ased 1 year 5
month* and 2S days. * '
MEGELIN—In this city, January IS. 1304, j
Minnie, beicvej wife or William Megelln.
devoted mcther of Mr?. C. L. Parent, and \
Brandmother of Mathilda E. I-ar*nt. a native i
of Germany, aged Cti years 11 months and '2 <
davF. !
CTFriends :»n<J aoquaintances are respect- |
fully invittd to attend the funeral to-day |
• Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi- 1
diice. rr.5 Haizht 6treet. between Ki!Imore t
nnd Ste.'ncr. Interment I. O. O. F. Ceme- !
uf7. ;
Mli^LKR— In thi^ city. .Tanuaiy 2f>. J1HM. John !
T!yim««. belnvrij huthand of Haiearet C. J
MiilT. son of Geotg> M. Miller, ar.rt brother '
«f Mr«. Henry Mahlman. Mrs. Frederick !
Il^v.e and Emirett Miller, a native of .Sac- i
ramento. Oal.. aped 45 years 11 months and i
1* days.
C?*Frienri:. and acquaintances are respect- i
fully to attend th* funeral to-morrow !
'Friday), ai f»::M> o'clor-k, from the funeral
parted of McAvoy & Co.. 12.'» Market ,
JCreet. t!ie.T>e to St. Mary's Cathedral. '
wlirre a r-?oui»-m ma>F will be celebrated
ter the reDCsc cf his soul.
MrU-ER-- In th!f city. January 20. 1904. i
Jecrb Alulier. a nath'e of Germany, aged :
74 \ears and 10 month-. 1
NELSON— In tbia <:ity. January L"0. U«04. at i
h*r ratMencn. 174 San Csrid avenue, be- |
tweeii Eichteer.to and Nineteenth. Jennie :
Eleanor, beloved wife of Albert K. NsIro j
<lAU|fht< r of Mrs. E. «.11eon. and sister <jf '
Mi*. G. a. El!r.!»m ar.d Fiank W. ami Lillie j
~. OI*or. i» nstive of can Francisco, aged «4 I
y»*.ri! and :; months. ;
CTNoticf cf funeral hereafter. ;
OT(IXNOK-A month's mind mass will be I
rwle.bratf-1 for th? rpooste or the soul of the |
late Caih»-riT5e O'<"onnor at St. • Charles '
«:huirh. 'Dmtr Kisrhteenth and Shotwell I
»tr'-ets, Frilay mcmir.g, January '22. at 9:30 !
o'clock. Friendu are resr*ctfullj invited t
to attend. -j 0^ ¦ j
PODEST A— Eugenia, d-arly beloved v.-ife of
the Ute John J. Podfeta. loving mcther of
Lucian. Nonziji and L»-ona Podesta. and els-
».er or Mr*. F. Cavarnaro and James Ku- i
carii of Honolulu, a native of Italy. j
CTTrirnds end pcqualntatices are respect- I
fully Invittd to attend the funeral Thursday I
morning. January 21. at 10 o'clock, from her I
late residence. 19?<J I^eavenworth t-treet. j
therce to ti.e Italian Church, corner Filbert !
tnd Dupont tlrv-lp. wher? a requ:em higrh j
m&tt will be o<-Iebr»ted for the rejwwe of |
1i«t eoul. forara'ni-iiw at 10::» o'clock. In- I
terment New Italian Cemetery.
PniOR— In this city. January 20. 19CH M-*
Mary I'ricr. dearly beloved sister of Mrs'
U. Gallaifh»r of V«.Ilejo. Cal., and Mrs. Ann
Itiley. and drarly beloved aunt of James
P.. Marirar-t and Minni<» Ttilcy and Mr*. A. «
Arnold, a native of County Cavar. Ireland, i
<RKOA!= — In tUii cttjr. January 1», 19O1. I'an- ,'
"Tt?TT >.neca* a native of Greece. a'Cd 0') j
year*.
E7Frier.il* and a<-quaintancMi are respect- ;
fuliy lnvlfd to ntt«nd th" funeral to-morrow !
<Fri<iay>. «t 11 o'clock, from the undertaking
rooms of Thecdor Dir-rkH. S." Mission street,
thence 10 i:us=!an church. Seventh street,
br-tween Folsom and Harrison, vhtr* fu-
n*^a1 furvir-es will be hold. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery. " ;
KF.ICHERT— In this city. Januarv- 19. 1004.
at St Joseph's Hcme. Marguerlta Rcichen
a native of Germajiy. aced 72 years.
nii'KMANX- 1st this city, January 18. 1904.
Frie<!erl<-h Rickmann. a native of G;rmany
•ar»d 74 years.
lO* 1 Remains at the »iarlor» of Theodor
r>i*rks. fi57 Mission t-trcet.
II«>Br:RThON— In this dty. January 19. 1901
Harry A. Robertson, beloved brother of Ag-
nes M.. WiMiam R. and Walter S. Robert-
son, a native or San Francisco, aced 27
year* end 10 months. A member cf Shln-
rlere' ITnlon No. I of San Francisco, and
lat<> itwmtfr of Company K. First California
Vfili'ni#>*r Infantry.
ryTa* funeral will take rlacf to-day
• TTiurj-day), et Z.W o'clock, from the par-
lor* of J. C O'Connor 4- Co.. 7b~ Mission
i>H-»-<n. Interm'nt National Cemetery. Pre-
sidio. " i
ROSS— In thin city. January 1». 1904. Olive
Ray. beloved nife of Theodore I*. Row.
mother of K*«?d K. Talbot mai Theodora Oliv e j
Ross, daucl.-ter of John \V, and Annie K.
Spencer, and sister of Kate. Ella, Helen and
Frank Spencer, a native of Ean Francisco.
ffifl ::•; years 4 month* and 23 days.
CTFnends and acquaintances are respect-
' fully invited to ettend the funeral services
Friday. January 22. 1904. at 2 o'clock, at
her !a:e residence. 1523 Sanches street, be- >
twfcti Twenty -clchth and Twenty-ninth.
R'HAAP-In this city. January IS. 1004.
Charles A. Schaap Jr.. fon of ChaTles A.
and Mary Schaap, and brother of Mrs. David
J. Cut. a native of San Francisco, used 2»J
•years S months and 30 days. •
CXFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invlt'd to attend the funeral Thursday. '
«t 9:30 o'clock. *rcm his late residence. «13 '
I»cuKt avenue. otT Lasruna. etreet. thence to
St. Mary's Cathedral, where servlcea will be
held at 10 o'clock for the repoae of bis eoul.
Interment Holy Cross Cemeterr.
SCHILLER— In this city. January 19. 1904.
Helen Hamona Harlan. beloved daughter of ,
Otto F. and Lillian II. Schiller, and jrrand-
dautlifr of Mary L. and the late Harlan
P. Smith, a r.atfvc. of California, aced S
months and S3 days. (Machlas. Me., papers 1
-pleaee txipy.)
C7" Frlendi ar.fl «cqualnttace» are respect-
fully lnvlt«l to 8 1 ten 3 the funeral ' services
' Thursday. January 21. 1904. at 1 o'clock, at
the residence of Ytr paientx. 2542 Foisom
street. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
'eCJiCMAJWC— Jo fleJlaTulr. C»!.. January 19.
I9O4. Aujrust H. Schumann, a native of
California, aced 36 years.
STROWBRIDGE— In Oakland, January 20.
11K4. at Eighteenth and Kirkham Streets,
T. W. Strowbrldse, brother of Mrs. D. S.
Ghtltis. a native of Vermont, seed 81 years
and 21 days.
SULLIVAN— In the City and County Hospi-
tal, January 20, 1904, John Sullivan, agea
06 year*.
WARREN— In this city, January 20, 1904.
Gladys Virginia Warren, a native of Sacra-
mento, Cal., ared 16 years 9 months and 20
dayg.
JCyNotlce of funeral hereafter. {¦ j'-r- *¦
YTETMOKE — In this city. January 1», 19O4,
Irene Elizabeth, beloved daughter of Wil-
liam B. and Mattle K. Wetmore, a native
of Oakland, Cal., aged 6 years 2 months
and 9 days.
C7 Friend? and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from the family
residence. 420 Bartlett street. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by electric car from
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
ST. DOMINIC'S Church Building Association—
The monthly requiem high mass for the de-
cea&t-d members of St. Dominic's Church
Building Atsoclatlon, and for parents and
relative* of living members, will be sung in
St. Dominic's Church Thursday, at 9 o'clock.
iiiii FROM =^ r ART SUPPLEMENT
I I TAL-VJI I I r\V/l 1 the Talk ~yr\ mfvt
I T\jr /nnrvrM of the "iu mlai
jl InL: (iflK-PCllNl [SUNDAY'S CALL
§ "¦ And must be seen to be really appreciated. Samples are on
§ ,, '. display everywhere and all dealers handle THE CALL. 'Next
g •-*'%/ Sunday's art picture is entitled "Fresh From the Garden."
I FRESH FROM THE GARDEN.
J5 . . Very appetizing will be the next picture presented to Sunday Call
j0>. ' readers. It is an example of still IJfe and is called "Fresh From the Gar-
i$ ' ¦ den," being a beautiful reproduction in colors of the famous painting by
x . '.' the eminent French artist, Louis dc Sehryver.
•C» The composition is a delight in its originality and appetizing charac-
ter.- One might readily' imagine it as a daiuty surprise prepared for the
ij onlooker by- some loving hand, the portrayal being absolute In its realism.
P One feels almost like picking up the berries individually and putting them
jOi . fn the mouth, so true to nature are they pictured. ;
* Dc Sehryver has surpassed himself in this particular canvas. He is
rt not usually given to representing > st ill life. He is better known to the
Q *• world cf ait as a painter of street scenes peopled by the figures of well-
£ gowned Parisian women. He is, however, a great artist, as this picture to
§ be given away to Sunday Call readers next Sunday demonstrates.
O .He/ is Parisian born, a celebrated exhibitor in the salon in '86 and
S- for years following. He won a second class medal In '91 and first class
£•"- - in "90. He is still a young and promising artist, being on the sunny side
£ of 50. The probabilities are that g reater honors are reserved for him
i? N as he steadily progresses.
C* Cut out and pasta this description on beck of the picture for future information.
I : ? : .
g Thousands of newspaper readers are either framing these pictures or collecting them to
I be bound in portfolio form.
o : AH Newsdealers in "The Great West" Sell THE CALL. Newsboys on All Trains Sell THE CALL'
§ Complain if You Don't Get THE CALL.
§ THE DAILY CALL— Greater San Francisco's Greatest Paper.
I ~. ' Subscribe for It. /Corn was «troajc throagaoot the entire ses
sion. A new high , revert! mark fcr Kay de
livery was ai»» a*d«- ia this p,t. iia y oi«ca-i
Tte rtMt marklt trai fevrrishly etron?
frcm start to finish. The advance to-day wa»
due >arseiy to the »an:- causes as the rise
yesterday— the coarrested ccaiitica cf th« mar
ket, an enenrcas lin- of wb-a: for iliv <*eiiT
*ry beiax held by Armcur Interests. Notwitb
stacdiaa; that aside frcm the Armour «>al the
situation *&rxi+<i bearish, opening prices \s-ere
firm. May rar^tK frrns a shade' low-r to H»a
He hicher at SS%c to K>4c. An adva-vre "i5
the price cf British consols Indicated a~m«re
optimistic fe-lisj: ir. regard to the war sitaa-
Uon. Rains la the South«-*st. where the win
ter wheat crop had been sufferfns frara
droagfcf. was another bear indication.- No at
fcrnUon/howerer. was paid to matters like con
sols and rain. It was a. question of too <n-.aH
a snpriy for a irbcral «I«nand. Th- leader cf
th- bells showed no sign of paniag wi;b his
holdinss and in consequence smaller ho'ders
were' ercouraped to maintain a flrta srip on
what wheat they tad. Offerings were oa that
account extremely light and were earer'y
sought for by belated shorts. Ta* demand was
large far the. Slay delivery. la efforts to cover
shorts advanced rrices. rapidly. Stcp-ioss or
ders cemlBff cut^ on the rise scceleratec! the
upward tendency. Tta market continued to
gain stre&sta as tile session ¦drancsd. aai
within th* last five minutes of trading Mar
bad reached S2Ke3--',ic. a gala <* 2V,e The
close was at 02Hc
CHICAGO. Jan. 20.— Wheat climbed «t-adi!y
toward the dollar mark to-«iay ; The pit was
almost bare of cfferin?s ani fh- narkft did
not require any surpcrt from the buH leiier.
shorts hcidinjr prices up thenrsclvos. Prof-3
¦losal speculators tn Nerr York and Sfc Lculs
are counted jtmonjt the principaJ short* A
new high record r»rk was mac!- fcr "jlav
whrat. JCHffC^Hc. a sals e: Uc over nXUT
<H*y. The cto*e was rractlcally at th*. top-
Other rrains *er» affected by the action of
whemt. Ma7 corn ciCTing 4S*,c higher and
May oats Sc higher. ProTisicns were 2« c to
&e- hisrher.
Chicago Grain Market.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
The cold weather ccsticaed to restrict trade
in Citrus .fruits 33.I buying was oZ a hand-to
mouth ccaracter. There was abscltitet}- nctb
tns'doing ia the salppinx lice, as all orders
fcr 8hi-«n*»jt to Uocoiulu were t\'. ->J at Mos
dzy"« r. net to a and in- toe upen markat ca Tue^
day." i The attrOdance at the aoct;6a >.i!v «u
Ugat. and as the bidding was very slow a car
ot . tan<T Redtetd* frctt was withdrawn. Six
cars { oi ! fairly stttractive • Navels were soli
fancy retting, at $l®l >sJ. chdee at $:*£! £5
and standard at tir-cil 10. Lenscna. Lir:-»
aad Grar* Fruit. were la free supply and ua
chaased. Ta* Panama, steamer brought up
383 case* Mexican Limes. Bananas and Iiae
apples w«re dull ar.d featureless. - -
Receipts of Apples were Uget aaci. despit*
th« ' et«l _ the . market was in jp»I
shape fcr ¦ sellers. Medium «=d hiih grade
o£>rin?s were in Eood rwjuest acd prices were
weU taaisUiaed. Cssjtacn and trashy stock
moved frcety and d3alers reported that . ta«
market f«r 5°** stock was wsrfcSag into socd
shape. Repacked Winter Nellis Pears froaj
cold storage- w«*«-afferie* iB-»maU qoantitles
acd met witl» ready sale at sllsttlv flrm-r
rates- Cold etcrase Peach's asd I*i«rns f-om
Lo* ABKe««s were oCertng. [ fcot foana- ro cny
ers. as tha fruit, was unattractive asd lacked
flavor.
APPLES— SI S5ei 7i for fancy.' XZcQSi f Or
cfecice and -55€COc for c-zzzn-.cn.
PEARS — \Tmter NeJUs from coW storae»
$1 75«2 «>er box. - •
CITRUS .. FRUITS— Navel Oranges. SI 50^2
p«r box for fancy. SI "5©! >+ tcr choice aad
73cf?St fcr fUadai^sr' SeedKnss. -Ccfi?l;
Tanserinet. :*xG$\ per |^x; Japasese Man
darins. 75c|2$l fcr half I txes; Lcraons. Si 73
62 5O far fancy. SI "C-al ZA for choice ars-1
7br8St tor standard: Grape Fruit.- S1S2: Uex
ican LSme*. Sl-64 &Ot ftanasas. St92 twr baaca
for HawalUa and S2S2rO.ter Central Amer-
Jc*B; Piaeapples, SI ;i>4f'. .'3 ;tr ut::a. :
Flour and MiUstuffs.
FLOUR — California Family Extras, S4 «©
4 €5 usual terms: Bakers' Extras. S4 50©i «)•
Or*r<ra and Washington. S3 00©4 » per bbl for
Family *nd *3 8064 .49 fcr Bakers'.
MILLSTtTFFS— Prfces In packages are as
followst .'Graham- Floor. S3 Ti- per l<» lbs:
Rye -Ficnr $3 25: Rye .UeaL S3:"- Rice Floor.
$7; Corn Heat. S3 25: extra cream do. S4; Oat
Groats. S* 50; Hominy. . WQ4 25;" Buckwheat
Filrtr continue* to decline rapidly. There
' Is ad further chahgi? :n Exchange.
; Sts-Ilnir Kxching-. sixty day* _ $t $4
'Sterling E:chasre, sight . ,. — 4 x«s%
'Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 S7f»
New York Exchange. s*sat — "124
! New Ycr« .Exchange. ¦ telegraptile. — . 15
jSllv-r.-per pubc- ¦. — ' 5^%
, Mexican Dcllar*. nominal 45 0 4*
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT — Foreign futures, were firm. ¦ but
: th«r- Tas no not-wcH-tb y . mws from abroad.
Chicago advanced frcm's* T ic u> 924c^ chief
ly on b*avy buying by Armocr. It was re
• ported that he migbt force. the market to \\.
\ as he controls the rttuation. : Another factor
i In the advance was the heavy bayicc by- ccm-
I ailstion h-Mrres with Southwest and Wall-street
' connectior^.
In tcts market the'onty chasge uras an a4
j vancc- in futures syTnpatnetie vuh Cnicago and
i the cold weather.
CASH WHEAT.
'¦ Califcrnia CIub. ! $ I ."£*,€ I 12 «: .California
I White Aastraliac $1 43431 50;. Northern Cub.
SI 3?*»m 41U: Northern Bluestem SI 47WQ
1 ttf; Oregon Vailey. Jl 40.
FUTCRES.
-Session S ta 11:.% a. tn.
Open. High. Low. Xlcse.
[May :..fl 3S% SI »H tl SSft Si »H
' '" 2 p. nx. SeMion,
< May— SI t&%. '
BARLEY — The market fur ca«b grain was
: <rui«t and-anchanged. Fanrrea were higher.
, . CASH BARLEY.
I Feed. SI 074«l 114: Shipping and Brsw
f »nr. SI 15«1 l*¥r. Cheralier. $1 17U^i «> f or
| fair to choice, - - -
FUTURES.
Session a to 11:30 a/ ra.
I May— SI CC4.
.r . 2 p. d. Session.
Oprm. KiKh. Low. * Close.
\ May .*l WS «1 <«t4 $1 CS^ SI 0€>;
- HATS — There Is no further change in the'
? rituatl-sa- If- it rains aeala sooa dealers %aj
I that the demand for Clack for seed will re
i vlvt; but ia th«s event of coatioucd dry weather
i It will mse altogether.
VThit-. tl rOt?l •«: BUck. *1 .T5<?t 03; Red.
i 51 2&6ei 32« fcr feed and SI 23©1 35 for seed:
j Gray. ?l 324-
CORN— Quotations remain wltSoat further
, change and the market ts qtrfet.
f \V«jern sacked. SI 25©1 2*. 4 for i Yellow
SI "iUSI 274 for White and SI 22ii fcr
• illxe.1: California laree Ttilow. $1 S24- "small
| roend *»..*t 4Cai»:-WKte. SI 35. per ctl:
EgyF*l«n- * x 4£6l il for white and SI 23 far
browc. -
RTE— *1 2iSl 30 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— S175S2 per ctL
Exchange and Bullion.
; EGGS — Ranch. 224^2^ rcr cboic<- to fancy
aad 22c tcr nsaii and mlxsd colors; store.
21 4c; cold stcrasre. lS^lSc. .
RITTTER — Creamery. 'SiQ30c for extras and
25i$27Uc for recends: dairy. 15322r; st^re But
ter, nominal: cold rtorage. !S322c per lb fcr
ordinary and 224C24C fcr extras.
CHEESE — lie 'cr the general nwrket. liu^
12c for select mfld new and xOlOc for lower
grades; Toticg American. IliiJ2c: Eastern
liffl*^: Western. KS!> rer lb.
Cards.have been cent out o2>rir.g the b?st
Cheese at lie. Tfce market is Jn a v-ry bad
way. The sc'ives are full, tber* are no bay
ers. "tftt markets' to the north and 9-mth are
*v«rstoek«d aad the ceta.'ai«i«a merchants are
r?anf«»ing the mak'rs In the country !o k*?p
their Cheese at home until rurth-r ln«:roi-
ttonx. A market Is in a pretty bad way wh»n
a ccmmlssion icerefcant i« to !<«=«• a scip
per. yet tils has har/pen*'! i=cr« than oe~
dartcg the past several «i2j-». Th- fa^t is.
nobody her* .wants to receirs any Che-s-" at
pr»s*nt.rand srea? ccmcissiea csercfear.ts s>ay
they xr- ptid whea a shipper dots r»ave th-aj.
Butter i» sten'ty. stnd. whi>- same* houses
quote the market slow and hesitating, other*
are . quoting a' Crm feeling ta the fancy
crtacwries. Prices are onchar.red.
Receipts were 38.3CO lbs Butter. 3d cas-3
Ksrs and 1CCO lbs Cbeese. .
Another decline fn Erss has taken pUce.
as wia be s»en. The rulir^ price yesterday
was 2tc for £n« rnrrh. acC some soifl .;,«
to 22f. There was no particular d--.i:ne in
store Eggs. Everyto'*- vas Beiitcg aad no
body <ar*d to held. At ifc* same lime tfcers
was less demoraliratlon. as the consuming pui
lic are -a ting E?rs again, now that they are
cheap, and they seem to be moving off rather
b*tt#r
Butter. Cheese and E°°*.
LOCAL MARKETS.
SEATTLE Jan. 29. — Clearicg* *517 «2S"
b£.'.ences. 51C2.14X --•
TACOMA^ Jan. 2P.— Clearings S315.?D1
ba!a?.c*s.-f 41.426. " •
PORTLAND. Jan. 29.— Oaiirsgs. USD. 239;
balances. S^5,C37.
SPOKANE. Jaa. 20.— Clearings • S422.2I0
balances. S£<\C10l
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Jan. 20.— WHEAT— Walla Wai
la. "73c; Bluestem. 7S?: Valley. 7 s -g?0e '
WASHINGTON. . - -
TACOMA. . Jan. CO.— WHEAT — One ceat
higher; Bluestem, SOc; Club, 7Cc
Northern Business.
FOR tttDXESDAT. JAN CART 20.
Ficnr. «jr rti .. «.3 s 2|'VT-en:az3'. ska. T*n
Wprat. ct^ ---". l-l**|Ta!!>3Tr.- ctls .. 2S<
Bar'ey ctls 2.«3 ( fVifcv No. .... &T9
Oat» ctU Wim&nl Sa. .... 413
rva-"* sks ¦-...- 22"»jSarar eCs 040
Potatoes. *ks .. 4.470. Qaioksarer_ Sks . 35
Orioss •«*>' s lff.»>^ther. rolls.. " *1
f'crn. ' East, rtb ; -. ¦ SCO; Wln^. itats X1.«2A
VJd'UIriRs, sks.- ' l.*WO, Paper, rats «cs
Ilrfy tons - CSC Use. ¦ btls . . kqs
FtraW was ... - 10 Braady. ea!s .. •».
Wool" ba!e» ... - Cnicerr. bbls .. £0
Feed, aks «
V.-ASHINGTQN.
Cats, ctls 2.W0! .
Receipts ¦ of Produce.
Gcncral Merchandise.
' . . . *
BAGS — Grain Ea?s. 5ti^5i4c: Saa Queatta.
SlSSc: Wool Bags. Z^gSSc: Fleece Twtse. 749
Sc
COAL — ¦vTellinjrtta. ?S per tea; New Wel
licgt<w SA. Seatil*. S4 5«>: Eryxet. Sa 50: nea
vcr Htll. *G; Standard. S7; Rx»!yn. S7:
C«s Bay. JO »; Greta, tl: Wallsend. $T; R!ea
iccnd. -S7 o--'L Curcberlaad. SLS ia bulk and
' S14 25 in sacks: Pennsylvania Antnradte Eer.
$14: Weiss Anthracite Ess. S13: Welsh Lump.
SI! £0: Canne!. *> 00 per tea: Ccke. $11 :<>3
1". per toa ia bulk and 115 In sacks: Racky
Mcur.taia desert rt ions. Sll 45 pec 2*»> lbs aad
S12 >0 per leaf ton. aeccnilsr t«» brand.
Harrison's circular tays; "Sine* the •all-
Ing of the rteanrsatp Si-rra. December 31.
tiiere cave b-ea tne followtnst arrtvats ot co«I
frcm Colonial ports vix.: Pert Calfdcnia. 3767
tens: .W. J. Pirri>» .1743 tcrj; Ta\\s cf Dee.
nm tons; Vendee. 2*3* teas: Verclngetcrtc
2S10 tons; Alice A. Lei?h. 44C tens; tctal.
21X4C3 t=cs. There are now cat 14 vessels oa
the engaged list to carry coal fmtn Australia
to this -pert: their capacity Is abcut 41. COO
tens: cf ties- there are but 5 cargces already
i'-a:. the rnaj^r portion of the remainder
will not arrive h«re befcre fiTe cr six sacntis
keace. On the 15 ta :r.s:. Coiccial ccal agata
became dutlab:e 67 cents F«r toa. doty being
added to the selling price . here. This will
prove a detriment ta its sale In this market:
as the British Columbia product bas to con
tribute tee am ansccnt cf duty as Catania!
coal, they win caca be placed on Ute sanse
r c::-.-z ween seekins trade. The dfUTerie*
of Australian co«l here f^r last year are "%-
SiS tans ia excess cf IOCS. tMs feeing jrinci
palt- broaght abect by the abrcpatica cf th
doty of 67 cents p«r ten during tie y«3r. and
partially by the tabor <ilsturb-«D<?*» ta (ers- of
tee British Columbia eoiliertes. fce^Ce ia* cut
:-.-:< fur free deliveries tUi year front Use
colonies should be ectn-what dlsilnisaed. Tb
ceal cocitiairt:ca cf California for 19CX was
230,W' 1 » tsrns less thaa th- year previous; this
was dne to the excessive catput ct fa«-I ell.
which was ever 20.CC0.CC0 barrels."
OIJ^ — Qtio?atici:* are for barrels; for ease*. ,
add 3c Lits*e«l. 43c per gaHoa fcr bd!rt ai^J
4Tc for raw; Ca.--Dr Oil. in cases. No*. 1. TOc: :
lta\-r«' A A. 51 JHS1 12: LuctM. 44c tor boiled
and 42c fcr raw; China Nut. O.sfi70c per gallon;
Cocc*ntit Oil. la barrels. C>c far Ceyien and 55c
fcr Anstrallf:: extra bleached wlater Sperm
Oil. S)c: e»tanl wt-ijer Srerat OIL 75c: extra
bt-ached winter Whale Oil. €5c: natural Whale
OiL e6r: extra wicter vtralaed Lard Oil. V5c: !
No. I Lard-Oil. T5c: pcre Neatsfco* Oil. 73c;;
No. I Neatsfoct OIL C3c: Hgfc» H«trtnr Oil. 40e:
dark Herring Oil. 4"*c: Salrron Oil. -«<r: boiled i
Fi»h Oil, 40c; raw Fish Oil. 3Sc: boHed Paint
Oil *-V: raw Palrt CKI. 3V.
COAL OIU — Water Walte Ccal Oil
In bulk, lie: PeaVi Oil in cases. 214c; Artral. i
21»ic: Star. 21 i i<: Extra Star. 254c: :-::.«!--. j
27*ic Socene. 244c; Deodorizc«f Stove Ga»o:ire>. i
tn fcu!k. 17c; In case*. 23*ie; 'Benxinr. in balk. <
XZt~.~ «n ewes. • lOVr^i SC-degree Gasoline. In
bstX. ??«•: fa r»»-s. .
TURPENTTNE — S.V per gallca la cases aad
$2c ia drums an-1 iroa barrels.
P.ED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lea*. «UO
7c per lb: While Lead. Ci.gTc. acccrdisc ta
qaar.t'ty.
sfCGAR — Ta- Western StKrar ReSnin Com
pany <jootc9 » follorw*. per n>. ta ICCMb bars:
Ccb*» A Cnwh««J aa3 Fln» Cresb*<*. r. •*.">;
Pow4*t»4. 5-i"<Cc: Cxi&j GraT'niit'rt. 5.00c: Dry
Gr»aul*t»d. fin*. 5.4Cc: Pr Graa-aJted. coarse.
5.40r;. Fruit Granulated. 5_4<V: Re-t Gracu-
UtH r«cp-ib b3gs only). 5-20r: C<r?.rectlen»rs"
A S.4*V: Mncno;u» A. 5c: Extra C. 4.90e:
ncMra C. 4.-V*"t "O." 4.70r: barrels. 10c more:
half • barrels. 23c nnor-: h«tT«>». i""*- — .->-»: r-A.n>
tO^mor* f«r all kind*. T*b!-t.« — Hal?
ham*;». 5J<V: bcxe*. CI5r; H. & E. Crystal
Dcrrtncs. *.iOr p-r IK N» erd*r* tikm fcr
fa it Iran fercnty-nve barrel* er iu cqsSralsnt.
The third car of Western Poultry for the
current week was oa sale and eleaned up read
ily at good prices. Ta— market for «icm««ie
stcek w«s la good shap- an'l th? tr:3derate
receipts were quickly disposed of at steady
quctau^ns. with occasional lets of extra fine
laire roans Chickens comman^is* a small
premitrm. . Dreesed Turkeys did a littl- better
und»r a fair inquiry. Twenty cases came In.
The demand for Gam- sho-wed no intprov-
m»nt. but a» U»e receipts -were very Itght
price* for «cc> kis<ls -wore htgier.
POtTLTRT — Dres*-:d T-Jrkeys i»^22c p-r lb:
Ht» Turkeys Urgi^ per Ik; Geese, p*r tair.
*2C2 2T.: Gosling* tC«2 25: Vne's*. S5 ;o«fi 50
per dozen for old and t9 50§7 30 for young;
Hens. »»--S7 for large and Jo€<5 for small: young
Roosters. ?»» 5O&7 5O; old Ro-:»ters. J5 SOfeti;
Fryers. $S SCOT'S: Broifers. iV;.'. ZA for lstrg»
and *f X4j3 tor «cnai>: Pig-cn». $1 25«: ZO per
dc»»-n fcr uii and $2 2&62 S*> for Squabs.
GAME— Mallard DocV« 32 5OST 50 per des:
Canvasfcaek. %2Q4 50: Spri?. »2©2 50; Teal.
»l 5CfiI 75: Wid^^n. |i m^i yj : 8=A ;] Etecijj.
ilgl 23: Gray Geese. S3: White G««s-. 75ce
$1 25: Brant. $1 2* for small and $2 tor larRe:
Hor.kers. »4 M for large and S3 CO fcr sjnali:
*.nr!!si Fnlpe. $3: ecrnmen Snipe. SI 5<>: Wild
Doves. SI 25; Rabbits. S2 for rortontails and
<1 25 for BrasA; Har*. SI 2551 50.-
Poultry and Game.
ST. LOri5. 'Jan. 20.— Woo!. q«i-t: tn^IIutn
grades, -ccmt-icg aafl clothing. 17i?21c: light
fine. l.Vg!7c; heavy tae. 12{j!44c; tub-wasaftd.
2C€31c.
57: Louis' Wool Market.
SHEEP— Receipts. 25,Ct>i>: sbeep and lambs,
dull. Good to choice wethers, t-1 ¦.•:¦<> i 4<?:
fair to choice mtx»d. S;;C> C»: VTestem *h— -p.
13 Sf/Qi 40: native Iambs. H 50^5 30; West
ern lattt*. $4 2C{j5 80. . .
ariCAxxi
• HICAOO, Jaa. s 2Jr.— CATTLE— Receipts.
Zh*'x*>: slow. Good t<x prime steer*. $5 15.^
5 TO; p<v-r tu" n-.--j!uai. -fi £C^4 V3: stockers
and f«-e.i-»r«. - f2 230 V 15: ¦ - cwir». Jl 5O&4 23.
tetfen». *2«5: c»rr.*r». . ?1 50^2 45; bolls. *2O
4 TO: calve*. $3 255 r J
• «OGS— Recftptr t»^xyr*45.«!edr - to-morrow.
35.000; S01Cc lower. ..M;s-! and butchers',
S4 70S* »i>: gc«d f» efcot-e- heavy". St ««4 !)5:
rcogh heavy, ft 7034 S5;., light. »4 5C«4 75:
bo!k ot s4:-». $4 7<>g4~53.
Eastern Livestock Market.
XE'.V TORS. Jan. 20.— T»s« e*?tton taarket
c!ri»»d jrt«a<lv. s to 13 points higher on the
active po*iu«:s. wfci>(» the. new ercp moetha
were 2 s>Glnts lower.
.Vttc i'orAr Cotton Market.
Tn* «T5rT»J ef CsIcksCver froa Sa= rraa
c:«os tT «*» is. Dectsster. 1903. were as fci
iews:
->_ rtasks. Valu-s.
Jaj».T . 2t» *S..2W>
New York 35 3.&T5
Centra; AeerU* S-? 3.6B2 j
Totals -_- J2t.«3
- In rece=ber, Z902. the experts were IOCS
t**xx. vaised mt S43.C75. In tiav taccta 50O
Cac<L«. v»Jaec ai *rw.75*. west to Cfciaa. -Tbt
receipts at £a= Fmz:c-jfoa := Deersxber were
£2^3 SazJn. acaisat -17 ZZ 2a*ks in December,
Tt« certify i=:r=:ei:u frra tan Fnne:sro
ty tea <Sur:ng th* year er.ilrx December 51.
1803, mere as f-:icw»:
Mentis — Ftaiks. Values.
January 2>2 S12.734
Febretry : '- - 113.r*«
Vartrh K>«-> S?157.|
Arri: 114 5.333 j
Xajr JV> 1^.3^7 i
June UES» 75.5<J3 j
Jsly COS l~,S3ft j
Ac«-=st 2.253 S«.7S3 '
e-jter=ber 2.C-47 f4.5©I j
Otober Z.CO9 125-44-? ]
;vcTeinb«r 2-3!»> 101.752!
'2>ece=:ber 5*4 f 24,443]
Tstaij , 16.C56 n3.KT
-1=. \W2 shrpstents w»r» a*6<5 narks, valtie-i at
KOUB4. The tctal receipts at 6an F"rin<r>co
Tcr the year e=ilr^ IVc«— b* r 31. 13C3. were
S..609 tasks, a^-ii-rt 2O.32S Cafks tn 190C
The Situation in Wall Street.
Tfce New Tcrk circclar cf Henry Clews
¦ars:
"A brtter urvdertcoe eiirts ia the stock mar
ket, ard prices wpuld csqnestionably display
rscre ftret**.h wre it b^ Iot the fear cf war
t«tw».a Bsada and Japan.
Th* most satisiactcrj- e??=:*nt <?f strength is
th« iacr-afinx ease of money and the coasr
<raect better feeling in fr«f.fci?-g drciea. In ,
19GS th* £.», !>g^tc*i !a 'Wall Ftr^M vas tars^Ij
i-;f-5;2«-i ty the f<?rced cootra^tion ia credit.
P-jrre strirrs were tlxinly beid. *nd it fol
lows that any relasatioa Ia this respect will
stlr.uiaie r*corerr. Oa th» ct5»»r hand, ewa- I
•aderaMe detr^nis- are lik»ly to be male open j
«be moc-y aiarket by th- taming of tempo
rary loan*, aiade in I»i3 by raUro*<i errro- '
rtttef. ir^to £.x^± ct !;gat:criS. New ls^uejc 1
of e*curiUes . ia _ ccxsideTxhie »jtsjoaat$. are [
therefcr- UsWltable; b-jt it is to be retavna- 1
t*re«l that th-** will te cf the better grade. |
represerung actual outlays an>i net the water }
¦e fredy rocre<i tnzr> tiie rtreet dartng the j
*-'an;a. VerT Ukely. alsc-. the coawrM- •
•tj^e ac^rtt new prevalent tn basiaess circle*:
w-jli rsi-j-e <_ <i,,«:Tatir-i manasers to be ca«- 1
tJt; in e?w fiepamrcf z£3 "cor ostlayer ttus j
trading to avert ren-wed cctg-stlcn of the ;
fecarlty markpt*. AD things ccssidrred. how- j
ever, there are abundant evidences that lart j
jear"* :»»tm have been well learn-d, at>l that j
oar 2r»arjal and bu»tn«cs 1-aders are r-ai- ,
Zxzstlzx th*rr.«rivt« to a forward movement !
havis* a more rubstantial basis than n*re-
X jfoce. That reaij=«=ier-t has been reached !
la vTall street fn advaac* ef *ls*wner», so
tiait recarery ja ih*t quarter is ir.cre prcbab>
thtn r«a«icn. "nvsre are sotse quarters, bew
e-.er. wisere rea«*-3*t=^est is net cosipj-te. a=d I
rrxs* wiier* it tas net «-vec bcgTiii. In th* ]
latter r*a£.r&sTTT*«;t ts»i;s exactly -what tt I
i^earrt c= rt- Stock Exciain«» — rrsmisg do-tna j
oct cf ta* ricj.it and settling Cr^iiy npna
xe*«-=at!e :n:«>. re*»cnab> cc«is and rea
sonable wages- The oscntry ts already on tae j
way to this healthier and strorj?-r basis, and
when tt ¦ attained we may loci forward to
a frcfth enward rrrrietn-irt. fcr the rral and
narcril rrc«th ct tl>-- coustrr fcae r»t bees i
xwrBMTseinlT ci«erke-i by tise ceancial r&»«^»* i
cf KWS. This « C»T=c-rjtrate<l by the con
tJsrsefl large gai^e in ratlroad earnings, by j
the t=rrc\-ti dea.and for irra and steel, by I
th- larx» vciuse cf r-«r f arvisn tra J- tad by j
crh*r ••."iif-ces too suicerocs to nstntioa."
Weather Report.
<l2Crh SIers«lU=— Pacific Tirv".
SAN TB~kSCl~<y>, Jan. 2->— 5 p. m.
The f->a3w:2x are th<» »pa$raal rainfalls ta
Ca:e. as ct=ii<*red with th?*e rt the sanie
£ate U.st aeas-tn.' ar.d th- rainfall tn th- last
tw»=t>-;ear fcrars:
Last T>.i* Last
St*t£cr^— 24 rsosrs. Season." S«asc= i
Esreia <i.«0 C"..;» 2T.*7i
Red E'.s^ f'.i»; 13.r^l 13.».0
Sarramesto O.Cft 5.?> c.71
6*n Francisco O.tti" 7.:<» «!i5
O.«» r.44 3 21 '
Ta«i«T>-l«S«:f^« O.Oft f» 42 • « si |
San Lets Ofoi*ir> C«.f*t' " -l.r«O" " "' '5 fo {
trjm Asptai <*.«5|> f».5T 4 9T
Pan Diego Trace 0.43 «.C0
THE CC-AST RF.OORrT"
r 2 : 2 T i •;
srrA^O5rs. I |3 % 4i|3 |* |
; : n i : ' °
BokeT rj>.36 1* 2^ XV; Sew ?
Car»m -¦«.?« » t fE Cloady .tv
r.cr-ka 2>».*2 « B K rioudy .<»
Fsnikra rX'.an iO XW Cl««r .*">
Fr-s-o »>.iS r^» CO N Clear ¦«¥>
FiiRTtaa — f!».c ru rr .vw Pt.ndy .3*
TcaWJo ..'..30.30 20 i« ? c.-aj T
ir-depmd-rxe SM8 =3 22 NVT CI«4r
L.-* Asseles 50.14 M ?i 5 Clear " 4)0
Slt-T-malpato S5.38 4» 21» NT%' CUar .CC
Noria H^ad „ =2 _
Ptr*iibc ' 52 3-t NT . . j<v • 7" I
Pclct n-ye»..^O.32 4* 3n N~iV Orar .<< I
Portlaru ._ J .3->.22 43 30 S Rata .U
Itrt K:t:3 w. 30.^ "'«'?» NE Clear .W
Besetur; ...'.^a.TA '42 3» PF. Cc»«r .«1
Karrarjer^ .J2V^tr45 34 NiV dear .Cf
f?«lt L.^i- ...30.24 •» IS K Oear Si I
S._ rrar^i»ro.^ir,.ss ta 42 N Clear .(X» !
I? L. OW«po..».2? 4S 3t X r rfar ¦ ..TO
Raw Dteg«> .Jir>.;2 ZA 44 ST Otir T
Beatttle --W>.I« -1C 2>i FC Ooady .(jS
Fpckaar :s>.is :i> H S • f svar .r:
C>c*rent CS.«2 si s2 -F2 tloatly .C4
tsr«::i m is s racw .12!
V.'is^T ¦=:«:«» ..-J».«2 26 2 £\V <"!oody_ .«• I
Yrrca ...¦ 1 .:ai.;;-a '4O N Clezr .CO ;
'v.rLa.THrr: o^NDinoNa and cexesIl
FORECAST.
vTb» pzrrnm h^i riset: rapidly darlc; th
p&st farecty-tcur heers over tie iatcnacant? ia }
r^iicn Tt» Olxrrbanf* tlssx tae fisrtj
r.Vc>f;iaj S kstt over Articna. V*»« pcd.1
-r«s.tr^r 3DM sr.--=r t=ay be expected la ttse'KJj
CgMc* • a3-?-. If Mtvjr frnrt* oc--urT<rtl tal«
Sr. m- irioriar «rf r-ilircrsta ani wia
•^¦^it »g=.j ...^rwisy rr.crri-?-
Or*BT»-gT~c-er* in .Soutsem CalifomU hare
Hccfl **r c «I t'J err.3^^ »t» £r« ccal ba5t*-j
4=rlv \.tCt.«-sc ay -ifhC • .
A BLRxis:9sswirdr/l.x-hyof thirty-two tailes
rta sssir m repotted «t l=<!«-|«nieccsf. At Yscaa
"Li* 0 ? H'"" 1 rr tw»r.t r-«i;:-u raUes is report
" I - p»K»K-,ur.3 '.-»'pe;<?TS car esj>ect coid
-»*atfc*-r acd msw" from ti* M^ican line
r**rt!:r-Er:'.
Fnrccui mai? s.t Fan Francis-** for thirty
hrtir*. e=d:as r=52ai«ht Jaacary.-a:
Northern lYIITcrcia— Fair Tharzday. eacccrt
< £ Csj« Meoi:<-hio and in tie Intericr; socth
«.*-r winds en the ncrth-m c<-^ist.
• ?o-iti*cra *>^:i'crc U— r*ir Thcrwiay. with
cTirc* tzvti /---•»-— fire-eitir. as't<^
>.« r v»'Ta — CI«;atfy. rrirtiKr Thtrr^day
Saa Fr^sc3#?r» fcnd v*>-tr— T&lr Ttarsday
A. C. MeADIE. Dtetrjct Ffteca*tcr. • '
Iroa clos«i i'Jf 3d in -Glasgow and at 41s
10'id in XliJJle^boro. -Locally Iroa was steady
ar.'l nominally unchanieM. No. I foundry.
Northern, is Quoted at $15filG: No. 2 foandry.
Ncrthera. $HS13: No. 1 foundry. Southern, and
No. 1 feuj-iry. Southern, scft. J13 T.'r.li 25.
River Bnrbanks were qalt* active owing to
the scarcity of Oregcn and Salinas, and as re>
ceipts wert moderate thty were Quoted higher.
The Orejrra stnmer arrived aboct noon wtth
45S1 sacks, whica not been Inspected up
to a late hoar. There U a good demand Ur
Oresoa Fctatces ar.d. should th* caret)
bmtight fcy this steaas-sr prpve to be hljh
grade, prices are likely to advance. A car of
Sweet Potatoes came in and was readily mar
keted at the previously quoted rate. Onions
were Jairly steady at unchamrtd rates. The
Ore eca eteaaier brought down 451 . sacks.
Green OnJcns were offering acain.
A cnRsWerable portion of ths receipts cf
vegetabl-s from Lc!s Angeles wer* frosr-tltten
and oth*rwi«e la rccr condition owing to the
cold weather in the growing <Hstr!<-ts_ hence
th- wiJe range in prices of most descriptions.
1 Choice Peas. Beans and Ejt^ Plant were r*a<I
! lly dispoe-d of at foil figure*, btrt poor stock
drag«'-d- Tcmatces were the weakest and meet
, r-IentKul desriirlloa and stocks were st'adUy
' aceuBBulatlsr. - _ .
POTATOES— Btsrbarks-frcsR the rfver. 75O
05c per ctl: Sallna* B"urbank.«. SI JJ^l 50 r»*r
: ctl; Oregon Burbanks. SI 1C3J1 3«> p-r ctl;
River Reds 50©fi(Vr iver ctl; Garcet Chiles, SOe
, f5$l per ctl^. Early Rose. SOrgJl per cti;
i Sweet Potato. II 55 p*T~ctL . - -
ONIONS— $1 2:»81 40 E«r ctl: Green Onions.
65€75c p*r box.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas. ZGta i*-r Ib:
String Beat*? fai5cHner- lb: Wax.--f95«4c:
Tooato» from Los Aniteles. 5Oc«51 r-r box
or crate: RJ»uta"rb. 6- vr Ib; 5ram»r
S^jTiastt from Los Angelas. 3OSS5c rr brn:
Cabbage fl per et|: Carrots. Me per rack;
; Hctnoose" Cc^uKbers. 75c<?*l 50 f*r flcxen:
i Garlic. 5<g6c per 1b; Eg? Plant,- 12Uft:Jc
per lb: Dried Pepper*. 5€Sc.p#r lb for Stock
'too and 110124c for " southern: Dried Okr3.
j 124c per lb: Green Peppers. 597c per ' Ib:
MasfcraciB». 2O«25c p»r lb; Marrowfat and
Htibbard £<j«a«h. $10^15 per ton fcr rossd
'• tot* and c P*r ">" for sacked.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
The vitiation 'ia- Beans -r«3*rz« as before
stated, the marfcet fceing firmly held, bat gen
erally dull. The rainfall in the Lima Bean
districts troved too light to be of nrucfc ben-St.
BEANS— Baytw. |2 3^2 4V. Pea. « 25: Bat
ter* *3: stnall V."hite. $2 90e3 C5: large White.
*2 5&S2 C5: Pink. $2 SOS'.' DO: Red. »4 25S4 3O.
Lima S-t Iig3 2O: R»d Kidneys. S4 23: Black
eye. 52 1ig2-23 per ctl: Hcrse Beans. *2t»2 50.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, $.1; Y^Kow Mcs-
Urd f2 C^§2 SO; Flax. }1 X?Ql Vi: Canary.
54254c for Eastern: Alfalfa. UfJUc; Rape.
14152c: Tiawhy e#64c: Hejcp. 3»4^34c per
lb: Millet. 3gC4c: Broom Ccrn Seed. $_"»e23
per ton " *
DRIED PEAS — NominaL
Beans and Seeds.
NEW YORK. Jan. 2TJ.— There was a fair de
j gre* of activity znaintaine* In te-dar's *tock
- tuarket and. some eiww of «rengtlj. bat th«
j strength was fitful and «cotty, aod the bit
k*t was reviewed wixh some degree cf sus
picion ty a larse element cf the traders on
the 3ocr. Ths upward tendency of prices
rr.«t some obstacT«*"and the "character of samt
devioes us«?d £0 stimulate an ns»r*rf tnove
raent arcussd ckepticissi and *ad tc ar'iror
afcle effect "on seatin»»ct contrary to the;r Enir
pcs*. In srite cf the higher range cf price*
«ent ever from London this meming and a
much nwr* cheerful view of the chir.r.a ct
peace from there, ccccistfly expressed la th«
<i*cli3« of war rislcs for marine insurance,
there was a free Lcsd;n s«:!tng in New York
which rr>ve4 tnrublesome to absorb. Tfcis
¦ s^*rsifi to hav» b**s. due to a renewal cf a
! war fcar»> ia Lend on after cur market opened. f
I It &ffcct«i wh?at as well, tut dii not laterrupt
! th* rrcoiM cf new high record- making ia the
j ccttcn market.
After th* decisive reaction from this cacse
. price* ricked ur again when it became known
' teat Ncrtb*m Secnrities had t»ea lifted over
j Z poict* ia the curb market on tile ctreula
\ ti^?n of cctifilential 'tJss"' that ¦ the decisioo
i :f the S:;t;rtme Crmrt la the Northern Secu
| rttfe* cas» fcai already fc««n male that it was
j nr< a'tt?g*ta-r unfavorable to the corporatloa:
I that tt would be. hande<i dowa next Mcnday.
j ta4 tHat there had be*n a "Wk" by which
thi* imrortant in<onKatioo had becoise knewa
t to the t:r*ter. Northern S-curtties lest naif
J of *t« rain an-l tb» tctal trar.sactl'jns in the
t *tc>ck ta the narrow curb market did sot ex
j c««d a ftw thousand shares, but the Incident
j bad crrjr.arnbl* influence ia th* Stock Ex-
I ehacco. Union Pacific, which wootd be most
1 ••irectlr a?feirteJ of any of th- stocks now
Frcn-.ltientiy tr»i».J In. *u he!<! back by the
j j>M-Fi*tent reahrt=K trat k#r-t a weisfct as
well up-jQ a r,uat# r oi cth*r stocks recently
j aetir*. bul the tnSaercie see=*d to pass over
j v> it* Kl^si(iUrv rtoek. Southern Pacific
; There wa* no itier ex^'.anatica cf the active
j speculation tn that «tock. which carried tt 14
: points ov.r last night. The rrevio-as buying
1 c:"ve—^r.t hai earned Missouri Pa rifle a point
i — •* !a« cirtt^ T>»- cniy cth*T stock of first -
I rate Importaace which rained a feint was St.
lr. ccntra«t with thi* was the jyrsVent
J 5*:li=^ zrmvnt en Rc<k :•'.-.- 1 and A=al
! gamated Ccooer. ifeich earned them a point
i un-ier la«t night. Pennsylvania. CMea Pa
[ eific. Ate*r!«. i3 aal United States **eel pr»
; .~TTfrl. *h[> not forced far below la*t night.
j w ?r» w-jthiy»l<; Trczn xr.r a-it-ane- by the same
1 r-*rs:*tect s*U!njc. The Erie» verv also sold
I on the ssipc^iUoa fattier* wcuid, t» &¦*. b«y
t ts« to «***<«* oortrrf f<-,:icwiny ta*-«!s5.?tutlon
> IS t! v y 2¥- x tnut - ** *** *» CE « be
; neved. T>e l«y»f trxasajrticn* were reaction
1 ary when it became known that jesterdaVs
! aJvarv-*-* •«• ha«»?d c-c the trip of Inspection
; cwr th» a^w Kb«y !in* q( an fnvfted party
I of in-u^rtia: cari'-aiista. VcifA States Realty
j preferred araj» tsark«4 o^ »a very terse - deal
f ings 4 rents without exntanatioa. The late
: rnor*r=ent is Sonthem PaciSc had a hart«i
us* e**ect ca the tnartrt. bet the cisstng was
• irr*^alar asd be>w . tae b. st.
i Th- iCarthnu ?ecurtt;-s rumer a~ect-4 the
; Bar!ir*-.on jc-.nt 4s *a1 tte Or^ena Sbort Ltae
| PSatJcipatmg 4». Tb- Crated States Ste*I
[ secor.u 5« and the P.ock Island bond* laree'r
; ovenhadowwl the whele bend market. Onl cr
; two cf the rpecalitive issues snowtd the e"e--t
i of orcflt-takirut. but th- tendency was to.
1 iCtzl salrs. :*r value. *4.570.CttX
j th Ut , ttl? : i 5^ te « benis were all unchanged on
Xc7s York Money Market.
NEW TOHK. Jan. 20.— C!c*e- Mcney on
j JJwOMt easy: sixty day*. -1f?34 p»r
Prirre merrantHe paper. 44 {?5 per c-nt.
' , *:*' l F* ««*asge Sra. with actual fcusis-ss
i in bar.x^rs t::!s at *4.WI3^4.Wrr» for-H4«aaad
«>« at SI.5.CSS4.S335 for^xty day,
Pc«ted rates— *4 K4?| KL
• ¦ommercia! b'Us — $4*53.
E*r silver — 5<!7»*.
Mexicaa d.oilars — t4c.
c JlS c ' rerr::E * ct l * :r ' <1 *- "twiar: rallmad bends.
.VETO- YORK. Jan. 2».-Call lo«s*. I«ie24
NEW- YORK STOCK LIST.
Etwk — Open.- HIrt-' L«w. dot*
5 AtchUcn pfd COO WV, S34 »ii
Baltimore A Ohto.. 5,«» Jc>il 7«»v
Bait * Ohio pfd... 1» fosZ v^ S> ;
Ca.iadian PaciSc... 1.600 lllK 117i, 117«; '<
Centra! of N J.... L3f*> ia. 1614 ir»
Ch-» * Obk, 2.5W> 33H S4 at
{ Chicar» & Alton.:. C^W) s^^ . 37^* - ZZ>
Chsa & n We*rrn. Z,*f» 17K 17^ 1TV
C * G W. B rH- 5«> sr^ ~>> i^ S i
Chro A Norwestn.. um leS4 157V ter
Ch*o T>r-a * Tr=. 7«) i«t! v * ,r i
C C C & 6c I KO 7» 79* U*
Colo Roethern lvO js is . J- s
Del £ H . i/ ;. 1.100 I«rS iS* i^-
Del. »*rk-*-vr... If«> 273 " "73 i^i * !
Denr-r A Kin Cr.. 1,-100 22^i »U "^li i
DesARioOrp.'d. V* 71^! 7J rTi!
Erie 11.500 2Si 23 Aj£
Ene =d cf4 1.500 «t' g* "?
Greax KorUta pfd. ll
HocSti.i« \ *:;«•>.... 3oo 74 t i 4l : *•»
Heddac Val pfd.. !.«»> s» S4 sis
n:inai» Ct-ntrai.... 7.1C0 U3V 1314 t^C
Iowa Cenaai * *~i* i-c^
Iowa Centra! p!<5.. tr» io4 464 40U
KassCitySc J0O 2i>4 %£*
Ka*» City &> pfd.. 200 3S% 3*1; ~ u
L.7u:j»i-! * -yashvl.. 1.9jO ICO4 icj^ trir 1
; Uanfcattan EJ^r... 5.r«o i«^ 1« -*
i Metra.-wlitan S« Ry 7«w> 123 isu J"^
21 r.n A St Lr«l».. 1C 0 C7«i « S
1 N Y C?trtral *K*> 119^ jjji; .VrT*
N->rfoUt * w-.rfd.. . * rSi!
Or.tar;o A W«rstro. .-,....¦,. 22^ A^i£
RJ^W^sa^^Sft **» U3 h i2t»* ;
r .. U t bi !^.j:=. .... d
RSgur:^:^ 4a^ §S If
n^rtt Island Co.... SK.4CO 244 s^ 2J,, i
S?WS9*>s^£ 3 '? ??» «? «§
S L i S P M sM. 1.2C» 45" 44" « "
Fl Lr.-iii So»>stn.. 15^ |j •»
Si L 5ow«a pfi... 2.2C0 33>i 344 35^
1T - ria) 14^ i«3 m
£t Pas! nfd .... 177
S=o=Lb-rrn Pacific. . 33.2«O 51 451!" M -- I
Scirtbern Railway. 4.9CA 21^ j,2 *
5ocitera Br rfa... l.«W> K0 73^ In i
T*m* Sc Paoir^... 2.0CO 2C4 2S " *i}U !
Tvl.-St LAW pfd. -5«0 » 38«r »
Uricn PaciSc...;.. K.7C0 SO'; TaC m)
;.'r.io^ Pacific rfd.. «jt> •*)% .kov mii, }
XVabase pid 3,-TjO 5ST» 3,5 JJ,*
Wteeclra* i L Erte 2U« 1<5 JS "" ,- *
Trc : Ctntral P U... 2JXO 47^ 464
•Express Ccstpanies— - *> I
Adcma - .... •« |
Arr.er:caa .... ','" g?
Vn'tcd State* ¦'' lfts
•Wils-FXrgo --- .. -S
; Arr.al Ccrf»r ...... S7^*W> £f»»i 4»« M
I AE«r Car A Keen. 8C0 194 ift-u 13^
AwrCiFpfi... ICO <» o 04
Ai&*r Lubs>^s1 Oi!.. ..'..- ....• ,..-.* 9 2
A-ieY Lis Oil pfd.. 1C* 2X »s
Acer Lcoxnotive.. 70O 17*4 - 1747 171I
Araer Loco pfd 2CO 77?i 77?* 77
Aiwr S * R. •-. i 4Sti
Aner S * II pfa...' 2ft> Jto *> aoi.
Aia«r £a«3x E:;... I.SCO lSJ»i : 12* Ji* 12J«i •
Xezv York Stock Market.
The Puyallup Valley Tribune of 1 receat j
date says of Ho stocks and prospects:
"The stock left ia grower *' hands ca the j
Pacific Coast January 1 was as follows: Cali- I
fornia. 1475 ba!e»: Washington. 92O; Oregcn. i
29CC; total. C~'"> bales. Last year at this tim« ,
there were In growers' haads: California.*
5<X0; Wastingtaa. 7VXX; Oregon. I4.0U): tctal. »
23.CC0 bales, cr 23.0CO bales mere ia irst haads !
thaa ca January I. I»*. Up to this date w«- J
hare experted to Eagland 2P.0CJ bales. Th« |
smallest «juactlty that has b-sea required from \
the United States curies any one year -of th« j
past decade :.i~ been Z^.-' •> bales. To equal ¦
ev»n th«ir^ smallest "rerju'r^aiest of acy year ;
Of this I0S5 period of time Loadoa must yet !
have S5.O-0 bales. Whence they wll! secsre j
this quaatity remains a mystery, as It is a j
mooted ccfstioa among competent aathoritlt* |
whether, indeed, the American brewers hare a I
sufficient supply to carry until the next crop 1
Is fcarvest*d."
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
abcat 40 le under quctaticas. Heavy Salted
Steers, yc: isetliuia. 5<r: light. 7Uc; Cow Hides.
TUc fcr heavy and 74<? fcr light: Stags. 5c;
Salted K!p. 9c: Salted Veal. 10c: Salted Calf.
lt»4e: dry. Hide*. 15816c; dry Kip,. 13c: dry i
Calf l«c; Sn**p»Wi3s. sfceatrlicgs. 2S*nnc each: [
short "Wool. *&-5Ge each: nv».I!uin. 7e*r«iOe: locg !
Wrol. flftl .v>: Horw Hid». *alt. «2 73 fcr i
larr» and |2i|2 SO for cedlaai. Tl 2X31 75 for i
: »asa!l »cd 5Cc for Coin. Ht-rw Hides, dry.
SI 75 for Urge acd fl 5i> for me<tl=ra. llgl 25 I
' fcr small »n.J 5Cr for Colts. Buck Skins — Dry '
Mexican. 31c: dry *alt*3 it<rxlcaa. 25c: dry '
Centra! Am*rH"*a_ 31c. Goat ?<:-« — Prime An- |
•goras. 73c; lar^e a=J saiooti. 30c: medium. 33c- I
I call 20c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4c per Ia; No. '
; 2. 3t-c: grta-'e. 2453c.
WOOL— fall clip— Sa- Jaaqula Lansba'. a©
lie. Middle Ccuatr. iigi2c: Korthna De- j
f«-ihr*. iWlCc: Nevt»da. l-"t£15c; Oregoa fine. I
1-s.fiTOc: Orison E^ditira. ITc per lb. - . .
HO1>« — 2Tfi-TCc per lb for California. 1300. I
and 17£1Jpc fcr cro? o* 1904.
Meat Market.
DRESSXD ifSATS.
WT;o!»sa!e rates from s!ausM»r«rs tj dealers
•rf «s folwnr»;
BEEF— CHtJTUc for Steers a=d «O«4e per!
I lb fcr Ccwt.
VEAL— I^rze <^?c; satsfl. SSl'V per tb.
MUTTON— Wethers. SU«3c: Ewes. Sg34« !
per Ib. . .
. .I.AMB— !GClIe per a.
POP.K— Dre-««d Hoxa. TSS4c r-r lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
Tfce followt-g quotations are tor gcod. sotmd !
Livestock dj?fcv»r»d hv S«n Francisco, less 50
per ce-!t shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers. <S9c: Cows acd Eelfers. !
TC*^: thia Cows. HjZc per Ib.
CALVES — l#*4e per lb (grcu weight).
SHHEP- Withers. 4$4^c: Ewes. *c per lb
' <gr-j«s weight).
LAMBS — 5c r*r Ib.
HOGS— Liv- Hrg». ItO to 1<»> IM. 54^5--:
j orer ISO ft?. 5c: Mft H-mts. 4Uc: Scwp. JO per
t «*st cS: Boars. 50 per cent cJT. and Stags, 40
[ per cent cS fron at^re qsctatioes."
Hides, Talloiv, Wool and Hops.
Quicksilver Trade.
EASTERN . MARKETS.
Th? market remains about the same, both j
here and ia th« East. Tae local situation U
dsil. ...
CCRED MEATS— Bacon. 114c r«r lb for I
beary. 12c for Urht medium. 14c for light, j
144c for extra. light." 17c for sugar-cured and 1
ls*ie for extra sagar-c»red: Eastern scgar
cured Hams. 134c: Cal*forr.ia Hams. 12Uf»
13c: Mess B«*f. 4U.50 per bM: extra Mess.
»12gl2 IA. Family. W3: prtaii M-sa Pork.
*IB; extra. d*ar. *2I; M«ss. 51?: Dry Saite-I
Perk. 114c: Pig Potk. $2S: Pigs' Feet. *3 25;
Smoked Reef, lie r*r Ib-
LARD — Tterces <tooted at -7e oer lb. for
ccmpour.d and 9c for pure: half -barrels, pore. {
94c: 10-lb tins, 3»»c; 5-lb tins. 9»e; 3-lb tias. |
Ifc.
COTTOLENE— O=e half barrel. S*»e; three
half barrels. S\c; cne tierce. S^c: tio titxees, {
S«te: five tiercea. sHc cer ib. j
Provisions.
Wall-strcci Stocks steady on the day.
Continued fair trading on the heal exchanges.
Silver still declining. Exchange about as before. -
I V heat. and. Bartey quiet ,,zcith higher Futures. -
Oats, Coruar.d Rye unchanged. \
GozemnserA increases its order for Hay in this market.
Bran. Middlings and Feedstufrstrm. -
Xoiztrthcr change in Beans and Seeds.
Potato vuxrkel rather more active. Onions steady.
Southern Vegetables -coming ' in frost bitten.
Poultry and -Game in moderate receipt cnd'Hrm. ;
Cold zLTatker stiU checking the' dttniind for Citrus Fruits.- v
Butter stejdv, Eggs lozcerhnd Cheese a dntg on the. market.
Prcz-isicns quiet in all positions. '_,-... , / /
Stocks of Hops reduced to a lozv point. ¦- ¦ -
Ccitle. Sheep and Hogs unchanged.
a Eh&ds lower to a shade higher at 43*46 10 7 »c. I
and after selling up to S6Hc. closed at i-J-'.c.
The' strength ia wheat and com sustained
oe,ts and price* . made farther gains. May
opened a shade lower to a, shade hishex at
;H%(H1H« aJrsnced to 42Hc acd clcsed at
Provt*lcx* were firm in the face of lower
prices at the yards. The strong grain markets
were the principal eoorce cf strength. Com
mission hoc«es and shcrts were good buyers
of lard while packers were fair sellers of
rlcs. Fork was mere or less neglected but
clcsed firm, with Hay ap 5c at $13 25. May
lard and ribs were eaca 24e higher at 17 20
and JS 70 respectively.
The ieadins futures ranged as follows: ;
Arrives — Open. High. Low. Close.
Whtat No. 2—
May 0^4 92H S3"i 924
July «S **% Wt» MSJ
September rj»» .. SO TSS 7&:*
Corn No. 2 —
May 4fl-i 50H 43?i 50S
July.......:--. 4SJ4 4AH 4S 4bH
Septem6*r
January 484 45% 4«H 46*
Oats No. 2 — •
! January : 39
May 41"% 42*i 41»4 424
July 374 3*4 374 3S
(September 334 33$» 33V« 334
Mess Pork, per bbt —
January 12 Si 12 »5 12 95 12 95 .
'¦ May IS 174 15 274 13 174 13 25 '
' Lard, per ICO Its— . •
'. January 6S5 7C0 695 695
May 7 2O 7 25 7 174 7 20
¦July 7 20 7 274 7 20 7 25
Short Rfts. r«er ICO lbs —
January C.374 6 40 G 374 6 40
May ..•;*t74 6 724 6 674 6 70
J»ty 6 774 «S24 « 774 « SO
Cash cuotati'-r-s were as fellows: Flour.
t firm; No. 3 soring wheat. 75SSfic: No. 2 red.
!?e-ff32V4c: No. - corn. 4«i«i t c: No. 2 yellow.
¦ +Sc; No. 2 cau. ."»&3>4c: No. 3 white. 374©
i 41 Uc: No. 2 ry*. 50e: rood feeding barley.
40§42c: fair to choice malthr?, 47§51c: No. 1
fiaxseed. 51 Oft; No. 1 Northwestern. $1 124;
prim** timothy seed. f3 25: mess pork, per bbt.
' »u CC^§13 174; tard. c*r 10O lbs. |« »74;
sbort ribs side s tleoi*?). S<5 30>g& 55: short clear
slirs «b«r«I>. $'i t"246^ 75; whisky, basts of
high wines, *1 25; clever, contract grade,
; 511 25.
Articles — Receipts. S&rnments.
1 Flour, barwls 54.1Co 29.000
' Wbeat. basielS I».4C«> 2I.1CO
Corn, bash*-!* 4!3.ti»» 223.0l*>
O3.1t. fcusheU 355.4CO . 122.5CO
Rje bushels I4.3CO 4.000
f Bar'ey. fciiihels 19.C00 15.3CO '
On the Produce Excnanye t»-day the butter
i market was steady: creameries. I5g21e: dai
; ri<s. ISgiac. Eggs, steady, 25g27c. Chets-\
¦ steady, iftglOUc.
\ Foreign Future's:
LIVERPOOL.
1 Wheat— March. May.
Opening - 6 3 6 4V
Closing 6 54; « 44
PARIS.
Wheat — Jan. May-Aog.
Opsnlns 21 15 21 3V
Closing 21 15 21 30
Flour —
Or*rJns 20 15 2S S5
ClvsStg 23 S5> 2S SO
Ness York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. Jan. 20.— Spot tin was ua
i changed in London at £130 Os. but futurss were
' 2s Uiis^r at £1*0 IC*. Locally the tin mar
ket was steair aa-i clcse>i at *2S O^e2S 0O.
•-'epper Vtcliirftl -.- Ol to . £57 i5« f<^«»pot and
£57 7s C-i ler tutures. Lccaliy copper was un
chan^d. Lak'? Ut quoted at 512 71^13, elec
trolytic at $12«24Q12 $74 and casUng a:
J12 50312 75.
LeaJ w;.< 5 points higher locally «t S4Q4 CS
end u.t hi:.?»1 at £11 lti« 3-1 in London.
S;<"!ier was unchanged at £21 10s in London
asu at *4-™*ij fy i<"<al!j\
Anaconda i£nr Co 73 1
Brceklya Rap Traa 12,*W> 50*4 495i 43?i
Colo Fuel &. Iron „ .... 2S4
Ccium 4 Hock Ce*l 14
Ccrsclldated Gas .. l,3i» 1WU 193^ 1WH
G*ne Electric ICO 174 \ 174 Vt 173
I Inter Paper 1.600 12*, ll»i 12»i
Inter Paper pfd... 2.7ft) tSSTi 66 6r»»»
Inter Pump 32
Inter Pun:p pfd 71
National Biscuit .." ' 3S>4
Natiosal L^aA 3C0 16 154 13*,
Ncrtt, Amertcaa ... S7»4
PaciSc Mall 1.5OJ 32 "31 314
Pecple's Gas &» 9S«.- &<! 6«H
Pressed Ste*l Car.. ¦ 1C0 I 2&U ' 234 »U
Press Ste-1 C*r pfd. - - «»
Puiloun Pal Car -• *•*> 215
Refuttic Steel ICO 7 7 1
Republic Steel pfd.' ' -im — tt 42^ 8 42 •«
Rubber Goods 4,300" l»»i 1« T » 194
Rabb-r -Goods 'pfd. > -ff» rr 7«4 '- 754 'C 1 *
Tecs Coal & Ircn.. 600 . 3«*» *S 3*4
tTE" Leather"..^..." K>0 ' 7«% 74 74
V S L«ath«r pfd.. 700 ..77*4." ~\± "«4
0 S Rubber L30»> 134 13 13%
L* 6 Rubber pfd SCO 43^4 "> 49 '- 43
C S. Steel 7.5«X> 11*, - 11- 114
r. S Steel pfd 17.000 5*4 57«4 57^4
Westsra Ctiica.... 600 ' SS :.«: . .S7*i 67»i
Total shares 579.200
CNTTED RAILROADS Or SAN FRANCISCO.
>*EW TOHK. Jaa. 20.— Bond transactions of
United Railroads cf San Francisco: 10. «W at
J7"*. le.OC«i at ?7S 124. K.CCO at ITS 25. 32.V..O
at (78 50. '
AilEP.ICAN CAN COMPANY.
NEW YORK. Jan. 20. — American Can t'om
t pany: - Cc=Eoa — Bid. *3 S74: asked. *4 124.
Preferred— Bii. $-•-» €24; asked. $34.
' NEJV- Y0KK BONDS.
U S rtf 2s. reg.l05U'Hotking Val 44s. 106 -
Do coupon lC«3i»jL & N uniacd 4s. W-»
Do 3*. r«S 10« 'Van con fold ls.1034
-"Do coupon . -I06*i 'Jiex Cent 4« 70
Do new 4s. reg.l32 l i: Do lsj inc 154
Do coupon 133 1 h Mlaa & St' L 4s. 07
R> old 4«. rejf.1474 M. K fc Tex 4s.. M
1 Do coupon.. :..1C7 4; Do 2ds W4
C-o 5s res 101»» NR of Mex con 4s 76
Do coupon IOIV'n T C gen 34s.. S«
Atch r«n 4s . !»VN J C sen 5s. ..1314
Do »<U 43 SS4'Nor Ps.c 4s I*J*4
AtJant^c C Lne 4s. 92»4 Do 3s 72
Bal & Ohio 4s.. 101 Xor * TV ecn is. 37
Bai A OfeJo HJ.s. »4^4 OSL 4s & panic. W4
Central of G* 55.1C3 Pa conv 2Us 0^4
Do 1st tnc 70 Readingr gen 4s.. S<54
Ches A Ofcio 449.1034 S L 4 I M con 5*1124
Cbi & Alton 34s. 76 4 S L 4 S F tg 43. S.",i t
I C. B A Q new 4«. SCVSt Louis S^V' Ists. S?U
I C.M & StPgn 45.1W^ Seabcard ALUM
; C & XW ccn 7s.l314=o Pac 4s >9»j
C. R I 4 Pac 4s. 73 4 So Railway 5s... 112
Do ecl 5» S4 Tex & Pac ists...ll«4
i C.C.C & SL. zfr.ii. 9S4;T. St L & W 4s. 71
[Chi Term 4s SI 4 Union Pac 4s 1C24
t Cons Tobacco 4s. 5f-*»- Do *cnr 4* 9*
t Colo & So 4s BS%!t) S Steel 2i 5s.. 744
' C F & I ccn 5*.. 73 Witaih lsts II3S
; Den a- Rio G 4s. 97»i Do deb B «5fi
j Eri- prior Uea 4s. »S4 W & L, Erie 4s... «>4
Do gtn 4s *54"U*!s Cent 4s S3
F TV" & D C lsts.103 I
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 10 L!UI? Chief .... r«?
Alice 27 Ontario 6 «>>
• Ereece 10 r-ph!r 4 5O
t Brucs Coa itt Pfr>er.lx 13
! Com Tunn«! C* Potcs! A. 23
j Cca Cal A Va... 1 70 Savage Jr.. : : j
i Hera Stiver 1 K Sltrra Nev 75
! Iron Stiver 1 23|small Hopes 20
j Leadville Ccn ... 02 Standard 1 CO
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— • IWesUns Com S3
(Call loans ...34644'. Mining—
j Tiree leans... 44§5 fAdvtnture 2^
Bonds— - JAllouex 44
I Atehison 4s 3$4;AaaJ Copper 5*>.
I M?x Cent 4s *94'DalT- West Zi*i
Ra!lix*ds — iltlnirham Bi 4
j Atctlsc-n CS falumet & Hecla.441
D-j pf<i S?S «>nt»r.cial 17%
I Eratrra A AIher.y.244 j Copper Rarjre... 4»1*
Boston * Maine.lt>7 j Drnriinioa Coal... f55 .
; Boston E'.ev 1*0 tFracklin SU
! N Y. N H * H..195 [isle Rj?yaie SH
Fitchburg pfd 13^ iMohawk «S»»
fcion Pacific SO ioid Dcialni<rn lit*
M#x Central 12 T^To»ceoIa W4
Miscellaneous — J Parrot 23
Affier Sugar Kl^Quiacy »5
Do r-J 12< l^anta Fe Corp«r. 2U
i A=er Te! & Tel.. 125*; Tamarack SuiHlj»?
; Dora IrtMi AS.. S {Trinity 5.-.
G»n EH-ctric ITS I'nited States 21*1
[Mass EHectric :TU*rtah zr.\.
f Do pfd ">4 Vtctorl* nC
; fmtfi Fruit 8»4 : v-inooa «*i
•V £ Btttliu M Wslveria*: 72
I>o P'd 57*;, felted Copper tf
LONDON CU>SING STOCKS.
Coas for rrsmeyf; 13-16 N Y Centra! 123U
Do for acct 8S Nor A West £34
[Anaconda :;¦?, DopM •*,
; Atcfai*oc „ *»S"Oat & \V«t. _^ .- 2\
j .Do pfd 92 : Pennsylvania -..'. «a?
S Bal A Ohio 82^ Rind Mines ..... tf"4
f Can Pacific l^S Readies *tH
t Cb»s & Ohio 3*4 Do 1st pM 404
! Chi Great \V t «.. IS j r^, « 4 £4 z\
i Chi. Mil A St P.14S4 So Railway . .'I*' 22U
I De Beer. 20 , DopfJ.. m
{ Den A Rio G 23 |So Pacific ' .'.?ti
i rK 73 4 Union PaciSc SJV
: Er»« 23 ! Do pH., . *
Do»«pfd nuitJ s steel... ".".".¦ \l\
Do 2d pfd 504 Do pM «£
in Central 135:,;vabash 21
KIt^:::: 1^! p " Jjjg
SS,^=4^r^rcen1 d ~ °—
The rate of disccant m the o?*n market for
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. Jan. 20— FLOUR-R^ceirts
I3.C<$ barreU; «pem. 14.140 terrel* mJm
11.700 packages. Mark-t Quiet but stronz*
! Winter ratents. U 3S§4 €3; winter straights"
[ « 20C* 35: Minnesota patents. U 7*Q5 wlal
ter extra*. $3 2C-&3 5<>: Mfanesr-ta bakers*
?5 J*^ 6 *2- w^=t*r low erade». J-tg 3 SO
VTHE.VT— Receipts. 4<sr^ bti«i^l»- ixnort*
firm; No. 2 r< »4c elevatcr and 95e f. o V
aCc«:: No. 1 Ncnh^ra Duhsth. |1 OIV- \'n i
hard Mar.:»f»h». seminal, afloat f. o b * 6r>
: tici-s opened irregular, but at once "turn-1
1 strrng on reports cf lower ccnsols an-i a e»-i
satiocal a-ivano- in Caj^go. Later th-y siw '¦
up rurtfc-r 00 t u::;«h Arg«-ntioa n*w* Im-li. '
' strong buii rapport fn Chicaeo. cl.ostn^ faille 1
al>->v. Ta«*4»r. Sa>s incla-ied: No » %**
\Uy. 02^1^JCa t e. closed W%c: .'uiv. S84S
; »»«. closed K>c. - v 1
Hep.:. Hid'? and Wool Crm.
I'ETROLEIM- St^dy.
CC»FFEE— Spot P.ir. r fl-m; No. 7 invoi?* '
S I-I€c: mild. steadT. Futuros c!oy-d «t-ady
at a n»t advance of lf^lS points Sa*»» !•'« '
«XO bags. ir.clui!nyr Mairh. 7.4^©7.5tv-' M 4 r
7C5g7.«»c: July. 7.9»>3S.C5c; September tfj
C«..tO. December. S.W'c. '
EUGAP-— Raw. nominal: fair n»fi-.ing '
steady; cectrifugal. Vi t»»t. 3 1-V32c; r»flned[ 1
DRIED FRTTTS
E\"APORATET> APPLES— TI:* mark-t l» !
quiet U3<!?r a light demand, with the r?n*rat ;
uniertoce rather fivorrcg bur»r«. O-mmn
are quoted at 4#5c; prim*; i.Cgr.^'-- chclc :
5*-8'^, an.i fancy at t4^7c.
PRUNES — Are rather easy her*, but co««t :
«d>1ce* indicate firna«« «moir primary hold- ¦
ers an4 a t?r*4en«-y u> rsstain local quo tat Jens ;
that ranee from 3*»c to 64c. acco^diEt to •
grade.- " ' ""
APRICOTS — Are <rsiet. Choice ar- quoted .
at S^S^jc: extra choice, O* 4 fti0ii- and !
fancy. 11 ft 15c.
PEACHES — Aw «t»*dy, wtth cfcci-^ fK!d at •
7^<?7r«c; extra choice. 7»4t/Se. an ,i fancy i
»e:oc.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Tee Government has increased Its ord«r fcr
Hay ca this sarket 25 per ceat. thereby
taking 37C0 tc=s. and the tip is out that it will
waat still another l!s« b«'cre loss. The mar
ket rales strong at . unch&cxsd cuotatteas.
TCere^is nothing new la Feetlstaffs, the market
rclinc flrai.
The Hay circular of Soa>ers.& Co. says:
"The total arrirals fcr the week ¦ assoust to
tSOO tons, in comparison with 2330 teas for
the week Ffscedias
"Altfcoush the .rain cf the last feir days
was of vast benefit to - the entire State and
has relieved the fears co&cerniag a 'dry* year.
lor the present- at least. -yer the Hay market
has act been aSected. prices still being strong
at the range Quoted U--t week.
"The large orders placed en this market by
the Government and our usu&l good local and
export trade of this tine of the> year are
enough to warrant the belief that If prices do
net . advance they will remain firm at the pres
ent qnctattccs. The demand for Hay from
interior points this year is unprecedented.
Masy of tie rarmers. taking advantage of the
high prices offered durinj the saramer fcr their
prc-iuct. disposed of their entire holdings, acd
now. cwini? to the lack of green feed, are
obliged to parchase Hay for theft- stock, ln
cuiries from Southern California, are still
coming In. and it looks as if a good trade
m!«ht be developed la that portion cf tae
State before the end of the rresest s*-ascn.
From »!! present indications we lock for the
market to adrance- to a "somewhat higher
figure. er«m tboagh prospects for ereps for the
contine; season are gocd
"The present arrivals a r- compos ?d chiefly
of Wheat and tame Oat Hay. AUa!fa :» In
s=a!! demand and receipts c* this jrra.ie are
very Ught." •
BRAN— $20 .WG2I 50 per ten.
MIDDLINGS — *27©2S 50 per ton.
SHORTS— 520 ZC~yll SO per toa.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley. $2T, W>
per tcts; Oil Cake Meal at the miU. $2*^9 5O:
jobbing- $30; Cocoanut Cake. $21^22: Corn
Meal C$€KS 50: Cracked Cera. *•->«:=>:
Mixed Feed. 522€23; Hor«e Beans. *303»0 per
toa.
HAY— 'WTieat. $H©17 50: Wheat and Oat.
S14S1S 50: Oat. *1481t»: Wild Oat. J13315:
Barley £12@14 50; Stock nominal — nens here;
Alfalfa . *12S13 50 per toa.
STBAW— 5O375C per bale.
Ha\ and Feedstuits.
, FRCTT — Apricot*. 7»4695ic for Royals and » j
611c fcr Mcorparks; ETaporsted Apples. 49 ]
5Hc: sun-dried. 3g4c; Peaches. 4gC4c; Pears. {
CGlCc: Nectariaes. -»g34c: Fijs. while. 4©4»ic
la. boxes; black. 44c; Plusss. pitted. 089c per
pocad.
PRUNES— 13C3 crop. 246t?i= tar the four
sizes.
RAISINS— F. e. b. prices. Frrsso. for 1X3
excp: 3©4b bcie*— Locs« MTiscat-rU. 2-crown. .
5*»c per lb: 3-crowa. Z\c: 4-cro«n. «4c; Seed
less Muscatels. 4^c: do. Seated. 44c; o=- !
tlrj;hei Sultunas. 44c: Tncmp8oa*s Seedless.
5»ic. l-c-izr. Layers — 2-crown. <1 25; S-crown.
$1 S5; 4-csxmrn clusters. $2; 5-crowa Dcfresas.
f- Z0; t'-cro-scn In:perta!s. S3: i!aUca Lcc«e. 2
crown. 5c per lb; do J-crowa. M«c: Valencia
Cured. 4Uc; PaciSc. do. 3*ic: Orieatal. da. .
2*ic= Seeded Kaisias— le-oz packages, fascy.
Sc per lb: choice. 7Sj,c; 12-oz packages, fancy. '
e*4c: choice. 6Hc; In balk, fancy. 7?ic: chotee. j
7?ie.- ... - '- ' -.
NUTS— Walnuts. " No. 1- seftshell. 134gi4e; |
No. 2. 114612c; No. 1 tariahel!. 13H13H-: ¦
No. 2. llUH»-.c: Alajcads. lie far Non«»rei!s. ;
104c fcr I X'L.. 104c for Ne Pla» tHtra *cd »
SV- for Lasroedoc: Peanuts. 6<S7c for Eastern:
Pecans. 11 g 13c; Cocoaauts. Si 5C©5: Caeat
vats. S01Cc per lb.
HONET— Comb. I0gll4c for white and S48
94« for aaib*r: water white extracted. 59
5«4c: lieht amber extracted. :484\c; dark.
BEHSWAX-27€t3c pet lb. ,
DrrVrf FruitSjNuts, Raisins, Honey J
and Oceanic Steamship to Sd. Ar-r.i lh- us
listed securities SI4 ¦••• United Raiiriads ? »
soid at -*T-> £tt and 5u> siirf* of CSU-.-3 stock
•*>-: at J?.
There was Ecthine new cf Interest ca ti«
c:r.:n? cr oil exehaEces-
The CnVJcr?-* v^^ar Ccssjany baa levied aa
assessment of 10c.
Ex-dlviiiesd yesterday: Calif oral* Frait
Canners" A»sociatJ<M. regular monthly. «0c per
chare, amounting to JIT.ii'i to-. Ltghiaer Min
ing Ccrr.rary. regular monthly. 5c per share,
amounting to $£230. The. Spring Valley Water
Ccrsjaay paid a regular quarterly - dividend of
«3 ceats. • California Powder Cosrpany -oe*
ccrpormtica) paid a :«r-U: monthly -liv: i»rs-i
of SO cents.
Tfce Northern Pacific Railroad C-rr.-^r.r -is
declared a. I le&ular quarterly dividend of 1 '-»
per ceat. - «
At tie annual meeting of t5e stockholders of
t>* Mutual Savings Back of San Fraaclsco :S*
eld director* were re-elected as foUows: jarr.-s
D. Phelan. S. G. Murphy. Jena A. Hcoper.
. Jesses Moffitt. Frank J. Sullivan. Robert ilc
; Elr-y. James M. McDonald. Charles Holbrocd.
I Ru *-:-h Spreckeis. The following ©facers wer»
! re-elected: James D. Pbelan. president: S. G.
Murphy, first rice president: John A. Hocper.
i second rice president: George A. Story, secre
tary and- cash;-r ; C. B. Hobsoa. assistant secre
tary acd assistant cashier; Frank J. SoDtu,
attorney. .
At th* regular annual meeting of th« stock
holders of tie- Flr-iraa** Fund Iasurasce Com
pany tie followinr directors were elected: Wil
liam J. Dwtea.- Ttosis S. Cfcarf J. C. Coie
maa. John Benslngiam. F. "XT. Lcagee. John
T. Wright. Charles R. Bishop. Bernard Fay
mcnvilie. John H. GanSaer. W. H. Btowa and
Anhcr A.- Snsltlv. T6» fotlowlsg officer* wm
re-elected: William J. Putten. presidem: Ber
nard Fayr=csTll>. Ties preslJeut; J, B. L«v|.
' sea. Mccr.1 rlee preaideat asd. csartae «erre
! tary: Loois Wetasaja. secretary; F. W. Le«-
Se*. treasurer: O *-r-- H. Xecdell Jr.. assUtact
; secretary: Robert P. Fabi geseral ageat. Ta«
; fiaascUi reports show thai darts* tae past r—r
ts « _? 3Set * o< tie cosapaay laereased irZA. -
23i . . : reiasuraac* reserr*. SZSSJBb? S6 an4
n*t wamtaa. JXa.S»SW. la 1»» totaf ~pr*
r=iun» received araccated to II 900 COO" last
year they Increased ta S3.300.GCO.
Stock end Bond Exchange.
TTEDJCESDAT. Jaa. Sft-2 ». ' m. .
UNITED STATES BOXDS.
Bid. Ask.' Bid. Ask.
f« v coup.. lory, — v, Qr cr a«w:23\:s»-;
4s qr re«...l»7V»l<»ii:3s qy c«!Tr»...10rr ICSV»
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala. A V.' 5a. — — jO T Co ?*..!!?'-:
Bay CPC 5*1C3 — Do 5«. ,...!/» _
Cal C G 5*. — 107 | Do rca 5« :JI4 —
Ca! C A E r Oceanic S 5a. — 75
bi & ct &s. — 1<H Ota Cable ™
Cal-st 9a lit — FV O !n 4i. - 8S
C C Wat 5a. — 104 ! P E Rt -'- V-i\ —
EdL*P«*.139 — P * C H <».10c?ii _
, F * C H €s. — 117 ;PiOK 6S.117 —
Geary-st 5*.. 434 90 «s.I13^i —
H C&S 3SS.H* _ .SE GAR S«. — \n
| H C * S 5«. — ICO |SFi SJV3..US —
Haa R T 6a.lC« — 'Sierra R «*. — U3
I L A ETec 5s. — — SPofAte
L A L Co 6s. — — | O9i0> 10«H —
Do r-d «*. — — |S P cf C e»
I t ?2 5 ti ** ¦ ~ 1!HXil <190 « 9 t A.i«*;iMti
LAP lem 5*.lC2ii — U9«iSr 3 104** —
actt-st c «*. — 11**4! iiww icsiliw
Do Ira 5».114mi5 j <l«r> 117i» —
I XER cf C6fclC5',105H SPC 1 c» S* — —
! „!>» 5» mt, _ : r>o ,•--.¦;. :-«i; —
N P C It 3«. — ir»4 5 P B R «s.153H —
NCR 5s.. — 11T ,S V W «k..10«4 —
NCPCSa.65 ICO Do4s Jisi. S» —
| X 3 R R 5*. — IC04! Do 4t l!a S3U _
jOOtH S«.10<74 — ;5;ka G*E #s — 103
I O W rtd 5». — 10O |u G t E 5s. — —
WATER STOCKS.
; Contra Costa 4C 41 :Pcrt Ccsta . —
Maria Co... — « is v W Co.. 33 \ O
GAS AND ELECTBIC.
; Ceat I. * P. 3S 44 S P G A EL S9U »
; M-tual E L. 7 9 Stkn G A E, 5 _
P*c L Co.. 52 55 , S G A E.. — »
! Sac E G * R — _ I **
TRUSTEES- CERTIFICATES.
|SFO«E- _ I
insurance;
; Fir»c'» Fed. — 33) !
BANK STOCK3L
Acs NU Bk. — 1.TO «L P * A... — 1T»
Asj'o-C*! .. S>4 92 Mer Trat... — 2*>
Eaak «f Cal.443 — !ir<rcb Ex...
Cal Sa/e Dy. — 131 |s f Naslcal- —
First NaUcal — i
SAVINGS BANK3. '
Or S * L. — ZXO tSav * L. So. 83 —
Haa S * L. — — |sec Sar Bi. — 4»
Var=al Sai-.lOO _ [union T Co. — —
S F Sav L'.CO €30 J — .
STREET RAILBOAD3.
[ California ..137H2C5 -Presidio ....40 —
I Geary — S» |
FOWDSR.
[Giant — .e24;Vi«arlt — 3
SUGAR.
1 Ka=a P Ca — — ;Ki:ia*» S C — 5
t H«iiUa C. 43 45 IBzkswvQ C. » 22
: :-•:.-.- »i- S C 12V, li^jOaoiaea 3 C — SO
Hsitca S PC 8H S^jPaauhaa 3 C — U4
«ISCEU^iNEOU3.
AUdu P-A.Hl — i Co«fcSC 5* 7
Cai F C A. !» - Pw Aa FA S 54
MorT^lnc Sesslcn.
BcartJ —
7i> ALuka P^c^t«^s• A«a .lt» Cd
50 Hatchissca 3 P Co «S
50 Hutchissca 3 P Co * c:4
5O ii-::r..:> :. S P Co s 73
5 Oceanic S S Co 5...
, 25 S F Gil * Electric 5 »i
$;.¦>•• 3Pc!C«f« ct USW5 Sr. A).1C4 ©G
Street —
I 5'ICC 1 ) S P of Arias* (10C»> 165 CO
1 1 ll.Mo S P of C C per ttJIXS. Sr. B).10 t S74
Af tei seen Sesstoc
. 20 Alaska. Packers' Aj*a .....144 SO
6» Uaic hlnwra S P Co ......... S ti
1C*> Oceanic S S Co ¦» CO
1 J7.CSO S F A S J V 5 per c-=t 113 CO
; y .<x" S V 4 p«r ctst C3 rsenjase). » M
Street—
$7.<X» Lc* .\-;<>i Ry 5 per c«st..H5«0
, *XCs»* Market Street Cable « per cer.r tl-5 23 "
'•¦ «J,e"i «j.-i«: S» Ry 1st c & per ct.114 5»
i *l.<X"i> PaciSc E>ctric Ry S p»r eest..l05 «•
! t4.0t(i S P of C « per cent (X312) 11* »
15 f jrln* Valley Water Co it jj
1 California Slock and Oil Ex change
CJ! Stock — BS4. Ai**i.
Abna
.*Apello ; 42
Associated Trust Certificates. 17 -
Cir.b: 1 : 1 40 • . . . •
Central Pciat Cea •'•«•
Cbicaro Crude ........ . ¦*....
Claresaoet 5O . . _
Dpwiaii ISA .....
Foxxr " ........... ...^. ..«••• - r "^> - ....
Fulton 1 4 25
Hanfcrt* .'.".'*. '.''".'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'. l¥>'i» ...;
Ilease I C74 110
Imperial . |*rjs3§i
Iad<pen<leB-e 12 14
Junction —
Kern I » « rs
Kera Hirer 12 ¦"« »
Ucn - . «
Mcaarca tot ArizoM)...: 45 ./".;... V
Jloste-Cristo • 75 IC4
! O«2<J<™U1 cf W Va « " '. 1»
Oil City Petrolexrra 28 " 3*»
Pe«rl«» .-. :»•»;•
S F * McKlwrv-k.i - '.."..
SoTeTeira ' ' JCX ' '¦ V*
SterKn* 2 5rt 2«
Thtrty-thr*« .. «»»-'- T»
Abby L»ad & lap I =5 prSlS
Alanzeda Swrar !¦ '<)
American BiscuSt Ti "J
American District. Tel - : —
Cal Oaj 4e Electric Corp..-: ¦-...". !
California Cotton V- 1'* » CO 9» » • "»
ralifcmla Jockey Oab - ....
C^Ufcrsla Saipptas Cot t«i"*JS
Cal T.tl* 1=3 & Trust \ WTZ<Zm
Central Bank cf OakUad.. iiilTS .'.-.
Cbotes Corcpoay • -.•-•
Cypress Lawa Imp ' Co *25 «T3
>iacfc^r*« Taeater *¦..-. S2S
1 Ojisi Conscniers" Assn
Hosolula Sugar .-..
i Norttem CailfTrxt* Po-y*T. ' 9 CO
\ Ncrta STsore r.a; r 1 '. . \ I*s5*^
Cti fc*-n Cosepaay IS CO
Pacific Sta*e» Tel * Tel ....
Fan Franrtsoo Dry' Dock; / .-•••
Sanitary Rwtactjon Wcrti .. 15ft ....
Paosailto Laad A Ferry -¦ ....
Floor C—.-asr T^ffij^rM^>4*^g
j TesU Ccal CoassaaT 25 CO . » »
i uSted'cas" i Electrl- ..-;....*<'. ....
2T4X> Aisodated . H
; ji^> M-->-nt-* Crfsto. b CO ' »>
liO Cyprrs» LawTi .................. l 7j
Afternoon Seasleo.
' ICO Kera Oil * S*>
Uozarc& • • • • • • • 49
Mining, Stocks.
SAX FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
FoUowins were ta« sales ott ti« mb Fraa
cisco Stock a=d £xcta&s« Beard yesterday:
2CO Alps* C3 -c» Mexican 1 «t
S0» AUa -* 14! 30O Occidental ... «T
Floor $4 5Of?4 75; Cracked T."h?at. S* 73: Fa*
rina ?t M; Whcl- Wheat Flour. $3 50: Rolled
Qats.-bbls Si-ZSeS «&: la lacis -S« 7&S9 10;
Pearl Barley. S«; Split Pea*, bases. $7; Green
Peas. li 30 5«r 1G> Its.
THE SAN FRANCISCO. CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY . 21, ¦ 1904.
570C/C MARKET.
Bostness vu lighter at! arcctvl. and fiaema
tiocs c»ret»w. On tit RmJ Exchange Gas
and Electric adraiwi to $39 J2*i. Hntcb^wa
SB«r to J s 7i. Alaska Packers to SIM 3O
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
Continued on Part: Fourteen
15The second lecture In the series of
five under the auspices of the Channing
Auxiliary will be given in the audito
rium of the First Unitarian Church to
night. Professor John Fryer, head of
the department of Oriental .languages
in the State University, will be the
speaker, and has chosen as his subject
"The China of To-Day.." Professor
Fryer spent' many, years in the Orient
and is thoroughly familiar with his sub
ject. .;;_•;. ' : -
Lecture on China.
Mrs. Margaret West was arrested
yesterday by Detective . Whitaker on a
warrant .from Los Angeles'- The charge
is defrauding' a furniture" dealer. It is
alleged that she sold her furniture for
$30 when there was a chattel mortgage
on " it. With the money she and her
husband and five children secured pas
sage on the /steamer* Centralia for this
city. '
• m •
All druggists iell ADAMS' JriahlSoaa Coneh'
Balsam under a positive guarantee. 25c, 50c. *
Wanted In Los • Anseles.
Officers Elected.
The Geographical Society of the Pa
cific held its annual meeting and elec
tion last evening at the library, 413
California street. The following were
elected directors and councilors for
1904: Directors— Professor George Da
vidson, Charles L. Taylor. E. J. Bowen,
Henry Lund, Louis L. Nelson, John
Partridge and Charles Holbrook; coun
cilors—Ralph C. Harrison, Thomas
Price, George C. Perkins, A. P. Wil
liams, Gustave Niebaum, William Al
vord, -Eusebio J. Molera, Henry J.
Crocker, 'Charles Nelson, Dr. P. de
Vecchi, William Hood and George W.
Hooper. ¦
MONTGOMERY'S DUTIES
HAVE BEEN MULTIPLIED
As to the extent of the endurance of
the salt warriors it is reported that
the Amalgamated Salt Company has on
hand something like 100,000 tons of salt
and that the Imperial Company has
remaining of the old Mission Rock sup
ply about 30,000 tons. Thls^ is all going
at prices that will enable the fish deal
ers and others who have to use large
auantities of salt to lay in at least a
season's supply at a rate that is sure
to net a profit at some future time when
the agreement is again perfected and
the consideration soars accordingly.
When the case against the Federal
Salt Company, known as tne trust, was
in the Federal courts some time ago
parties who were identified with that
company formed the Imperial Com
pany. For a time after the adverse
decision in the Federal court there was
harmony. The Imperial Company, per
haps not in name, but in fact, had in
terests identical with those of the
Amalgamated Company, so the salt
men say. The old magnates of the Fed
eral Salt Company, going to the Im
perial, tried, so say the people of the
Amalgamated Company, to control
everything. This caused dissatisfac
tion *in the Amalgamated Company's
camp and ultimately led to open war
and the present condition of the mar
ket. . .
One example shows the extent to
which the warring salt men have gone.
A cargo of salt was brought from Mex
ico. The market in the north had some
of this salt. That which was sold in
San Francisco is reported to have cost
$3 per ton, including duty, freight and
al! charges. It was put out at a rate
of $1 50 per ton. The parties who
brought it from Mexico lost heavily.
Whether this costly experiment will
be repeated is a question.
The greatest fight in the history of
the salt trade on the Pacific Coast Is
now at its height. Conflicting interests
are warring for the control of the maf
ket. On one side is what is left of the
old combination known as the Federal
Salt Trust. The name of this remnant
is known as the Imperial Salt Company.
On the other side is the Amalgamated
Salt Company, which includes in its
membership the owners of many salt
works around the bay of San Francisco.
The battle has not been raging long,
but it has been hot from the outset.
Its intensity may be judged from the
Btriking fact that the market price for
salt has fallen so low by reason of the
war that no more quotations are made
in the open. The extreme has been
reached in this respect, but still the
war spirit was dominant yesterday.
Solid men in both .of the combating
companies had on their war paint, fig
uratively speaking. Already the price
of salt is known to have 1 fallen off from
the old trust prices to the extent of
$10 to $14 per ton and the end is not
yet.
Robert E. Montgomery, chief clerk
to the manager of the Southern Pa
cific Company, was yesterday assigned
to the work heretofore performed by
X. H. Foster, manager's assistant, who
resigned several days ago. It was
stated by Manager Agler that the po
sition of manager's assistant had been
abolished and that Montgomery would
retain his title of chief clerk, although
his duties -tvould be greater.
Montgomery has been with the
Southern Pacific Company for many
years. He served as chief clerk un
der the late Manager J. A. Fillmore
and is regarded as a very capable man
and is exceedingly popular among the
officials of the company. / '
Chief Clerk to Manager Agler Takes
Up Work Performed by X.
"II. Foster.
Save $10 50.
Buy a Richmond Range at PATTO
SIEN"S for $27 50; regular downtown
price $38. •
The United Railroads has decided
to extend the Central avenue and
Eighth avenue electric line, which is
part of--the. old Sutro road, to the
Chutes, and the work will be begun
during the present week. The line
now has its terminal at the corner of
Eighth avenue and Fulton street, and
It is purposed \ to extend it three
blocks along the latter thoroughfare
to the Chutes. . '• "'
To Extend Klectric Lines.
According to the Weather Bureau of
ficials the. Western coast is to get a
taste of the cold wave which has been
causing so much inconvenience in the
East. A special forecast has been is
sued tp the effect that a cold- wave Is
due, in Northern" Arizona, California
and Southern Arizona. .
Cold Wave Coming.
Do you wear glasses? Properly fitting
glasses and Murine Eye Remedy promote
Eye comfort. Murine makes weak eyes
strong. Druggists and opticians. •
Gas heaters, formerly $4.50, now; $2.50,
at San Francisco Gas and Electric Com
pany, 415 Post street. •
Pawnbrokers' Ordinance Valid.
By sustaining a demurrer yesterday
to the suit brought by J. L. Schimmel.
a pawnbroker, for an injunction pre
venting the city officials from enforc
ing an ordinance passed by the Super
visors last January, Judge Murasky
practically decided that the ordinance
was a valid one and that its provisions
violated the constitutional rights of no
one. The ordinance in question pro
vided that all pawnbrokers shall, at
10 a. m. each day, furnish the Chief of
Police with a list of all articles pledged
with them, the name of the pledgor
and his or her description and resi
dence. The ordinance further provides
that all articles so listed shall be held
for a period of eight days in order that
the efforts of the police to locate stolen
goods shall not be balked.
Insolvent Petitions.
Petition? in insolvency wore filed
yepterdny In th<» United States Dis
trict Court as follows: Otto Weisman,
clerk. Midlake. Lake County, liabili
ties $l'Jo5. no assets; J. C. Hawkins,
farmer. Vacaville, linbilities $5675,
assets ?33S.
John P. Gallagher, formerly pro
prietor of the Langham Hotel, won' a
suit against the Equitable Gas Light
Company yesterday in the Supreme
Court. Gallagher was using elec
tricity in his hostelry, but yielded to
the persuasions of a representative of
the illumination company to substi
tute gas. He was informed that the
rate would be 65 cents a thousand
feel. At considerable expense he put
in new fixtures.
Everything ran along smoothly for
about four months and then the com
pany wanted to give Gallagher his
gas at the rate of $1 for a thousand
feet. He paid under protest, because
he had to have illumination for such
of his guests as did not retire at sun
down, and commenced a lawsuit.
The Supreme Court reverses the
lower tribunal and declares that the
plaintiff should have his gas for 65
cents a thousand feet during the life
of the contract.
Emma C. Baker did battle with the
San Francisco Gas and Electric Com
pany and came off second best. The
Supreme Court says that she did not
comply with the letter of the law and
hence the judgment must go against
her. Mrs. Baker lived at 124 Fulton
street. She paid $5 in advance for
gas and subsequently moved to 301
Grove street, owing the company $3 85
for the monoxide burned at the first
named address. At her new home she
ran up a bill of $2 45 for gas. She
offered to pay the company the $2 45
and told an agent to deduct the $3 85
from the 55 originally advanced. The
company refused to entertain this
proposition, her gas was shut off and
she brought suit for damages.
The Supreme Court decides' that her
offer to pay the two bills was not
sufficient and says that she should
have deposited the money In a bank
to the credit of the concern.
B»> pure a jK.tJI" of ri.^."s Cure <« kept on
hand for tu^fn arid*. All dniKsriFts. •
Judgments Are Rendered by
{Supreme Court in Favor of
One and Against the Other
Greatest Battle in History of
the Trade on the Coast at
Its Height and Prices Drop
SALT WARFARE
CROWS FIERCE
GAS COMPANIES
WIN AND LOSE
Motornum Conjured.
An inqu^?t was lifid yesterday on
the body of Robert Reavbdde of 618
Ellis street, who was killed on Janu- j
ary 13 by boing struck by a street j
car. A verdict of accident was re- j
turned, wilh the following addition:
"The jury agree that death was due
to lack of jiropor precaution on the
j»art of the moiorman in running the
cp.r nt too high a speed in crossing
Hyde street at Turk, he having been
struck at th? westerly crossing."
that they paid the producer the least
possible price for his goods and sold
them to the merchants. They in turn
sold the wares to the consumer, who
was forced to pay an unreasonably
high price.
Webb, continuing, said that the com
mission men agreed to live up to all
the provisions of the Woodward law
when they were granted their permits.
Instead of doing so Webb insinuated
that they immediately began to violate
their privileges in every instance and
disobeyed all the provisions of the law.
He said that when the commission men
were granted their permits they agreed
to allow the Harbor Commissioners to
be the judges as to whether or not they
were living up to the agreement. He
contended that they consented to allow
the commissioners to call for an in
vestigation when that body saw fit and
that If in the opinion of the board the
permits should be revoked they would
consent.
Webb said that if the board ordered
an investigation and the commission
men refused to testify or bring wit
nesses to testify in their behalf it was
within the power of the board to re
voke the permits of the firms. Mc-
Enerney interrupted Webb on several
occasions to inquire into details regard
ing minor incidents.
The Judge adjourned court when
Webb was in the midst of his speech.
The case will be resumed this morning
at 10 o'clock, when Webb will conclude
his argument, and McEnerney will then
make the closing .speech, after which
the case will be taken under advisement
by Judge Sloss.
The arguments in the suit of Wet
more Bros., commission .merchants,
against the State Board of Harbor
Commissioners for an . injunction re
straining the board from revoking the
permit of the firm to do business on
State property on the water front came
up in Superior Judgp Sloss' court yes
terday morning. The Judge has al
ready granted the commission men a
restraining order, and the present is
sue at stake is to decide whether or
not their permit shall be permanently
withdrawn.
The Harbor Commissioners were rep
resented by Attorney General Webb
and Judge Davis and Attorneys Garret
McEnerney and J. B. Reinsteln ap
peared for Wetmore Bros. The entire
day was taken up with the arguments
of the attorneys, and while Attorney
General Webb was still in the midst
of his discourse Judge Sloss adjourned
the case. It will be resumed this morn
ing at 10 o'clock.
The morning session was given over
to the arguments of Attorney Rein
stein and Judge Davis. When the case
was calledi Reinstein began his argu
ment, which lasted for nearly two
hours. He tried to show that the Har
bor Commissioners acted . illegally in
revoking the permit of Wetmore Bros.,
and ' cited several reasons to substan
tiate his claims.
Reinstein stated that the Harbor
Commissioners were at fault in sev
eral instances when they revoked the
permit of Wetmore Bros. He said that
no specific charges were filed, and that
therefore, according to law, the Com
missioners had no right to revoke the
permits. He also insinuated that the
firm had not been notified directly that
its permit had been revoked, and this
in itself was illegal.
FIR 31 NOT NOTIFIED.
According to Relnstein, the Harbor
Commissioners' only notified the sec
retary of the firm when the permit was
taken away and failed to acquaint the
members of the action. He also claimed
that due notice was not served on the
firm requesting them to appear before
the Commissioners on December 3 last,
as required by law.
As to the speciflo charges not being
mentioned, Reinsteln spoke at length.
He stated that the charges were filed
as a whole and that in the entire com
plaint nol one specific charge of where
the firm had violated its permit was
brought out. Reinstein asked the
Judge to pay particular attention to
that phase of the case and added that
in his opinion It proved conclusively
thRt the board was in error when it
revoked the permit of Wetmore Bros.
Heinatein was followed by Judge Da
vis, who, delivered a long and tedious
address to the court regarding the
statutes and legal points of the case.
According to Davis, the various com
mission merchants, including the firm
of Wetmore Bros., had combined to
fight the Harbor Commissioners and
they would leave nothing undone to
win their point, no matter whether the
board was in the right or not..
Davis contended that the board had
acted strictly within the requirements
of the law when it revoked the permit
of Wetmore Bros. Davis tried to show
that the commission men had violated
the law time and time again and that
this was shown at the Investigation
held on December 3.
AGREEMENT IS VIOLATED.
Judge Davis added that it was not
necessary for a specific charge to be
made, as the evidence at the inquiry in
stituted by the board showed conclu
sively that Wetmore Bros, and the
other firms violated their agreement
with the board and when their permits
were revoked the board acted strictly
within, the law, as it had ample evi
dence to show that the commission
men were not living up. to their agree
ment.
Davis was frequently interrupted by
Attorney McEnerney, who wanted to
know why specific charges were not
made against the firms and why the
board refused to go into details when
the charges were filed. Davis replied
that it was not necessary, as the board
had evidence, enough In its possession
to show that' the firms had violated
their agreements without mentioning
specific cases.
Davis, went on to say that the com
mission men discriminated against cer
tain buyers at every opportunity and
that this was in direct violation of th<«ir
agreement and good cause on which to
revoke their permits. He also inti
mated that there was not enough evi
dence on which to grant the commis
sion men an injunction. The commis
sion men, he claimed, sought to show
that their business was being willfully
injured by the board, but added that
they failed to show any instance of this.
Attorney General Webb began his ar
gument when Davis had finished." The
Attorney General began by reviewing
the case and telling just why the Wood
ward act was passed. He stated that
the act became a law with the under
standing that it was to be a benefit to
the producer, commission man and
consumer.
Accordins to Webb the commission
men were the only; ones who profited
by the law. * He tried to show that as
soon as it went into effect the middle-,
men combined for their own benefit;
. J.' Walter Laymance, the Oakland
real estate dealer, who claims that o,
woman of the name of Maude Law
rence forged his name to three checks
aggregating in value $250 and cashed
the same, with the Columbian Banking
Company, spent an entirely uncomfort
able hour and r a half on the witness
stand in Judge Cabaniss' court yester
day. It was the continuance of his
cross-examination, and the grilling he
got from the defendant's attorney
Monday did not seem to enlighten him
that for a man in Jiis position the saf
est course was to let his words be
"Yea, yea and nay, nay."
It was drawn from him by force that
on December 31 he received from the
bank a bundle of his checks which had
been cashed by that institution.
Among them were three made payable
to bearer and on the back of each was
indorsed the signature "M. Lawrence."
One of these was for $10 and he admit
ted having given that to Miss Law
rence in order that she might pay her
room rert at the Bay State lodging
house on Stockton street. But the
other two checks he found to be forger
ies and he Illustrated the dramatic
manner In which he told his stenogra
pher of the discovery. The defendant's
attorney had a lot of fun making him
go through the motions until the court
checked the' proceedings.
Laymance testified ! that he was not
certain at the time who the forger was,
although he had an admittedly genuine
check and two alleged forgeries all in
dorsed in the same handwriting by
,"M. Lawrence." "When he took them
to the Dank he said he told the presi
dent of the institution that two of the
checks were forged, but refused to
have the alleged forger arrested for
fear t^hat he might be doing some one
an injustice. At that time he said he
had only "suspicions" regarding the
identity of the alleged forger. He
claims to have told President Swift of
the bank that he wanted to "give the
calf more rope" and that probably an
other check would come in that would
fix the guilt positively.
Laymance was a picture of/ uneasi
ness during his examination. He
squirmed and ground around the chair,
twisting his hands convulsively, and °t
nearly every other t question he at
tempted to make a confidant of the
Judge until he had to be admonished
that the hearing was public and that
the defendant and her attorney were
entitled to some of the information that
was being so rudely forced from him.
HE HEARP THE S1REX.
Unwillingly he ..was forced to tell of
a renewal of acquaintance with the
woman he claims to have attempted to
avoid. She notified, him over the tele
phone of her whereabouts on her re
turn from New York and he visited her
for the purpose of avoiding her. That
same night there. was a beer_party at
the Oberon, in which Laymance and
the defendant occupied the center of
the stage." This also was in the way of
keeping away from' the woman. In the
early morning hours an automobile ride
to u. roadhouse was undertaken, with
Laymance as host and Miss Lawrence
and three others as guests. This also
was done in the way of side-stepping a
former intrigue. Other collateral mat
ters were gone into, and finally, to the
great relief of Laymance, he was al
lowed to leave the stand. • When he
stepped down he gave one big, gulping
sigh of relief.
During the examination the defend
ant's attorney once called him "Mr.
Lawrence" inadvertantly. Quick as a
flash he turned to the defendant and
apologized for his mistake.
So rigorous was the examination by
defendant's counsel that several times
Judge Cabaniss warned him against
humiliating the witness and finally
threatened him with punishment for
contempt if he persisted in his attacks.
After Laymanee had been dismissed
the prosecution announced that its case
was closed and the defense called Miss
Lawrence to the stand. Under direct
examination she told how Laymance
had met her in accordance with an en
gagement made over the telephone.*
Their tryst was held In a private box
in the Bay State restaurant and on that
occasion she testified that Laymance
sent the waiter out for pen and ink
and wrote out for her a check for $50,
whiqh is now said to be a forgery. The
following morning, on their return from
the automobile drive narrated by Lay
mance, she said»he slipped a $10 check
Into her hand as she was alighting
from the machine.
BANK TOOK CHECKS.
The check for $100, the genuineness
of which is disputed, she claims to have
received in her room, where she says
Laymance penned his signature and
the body of the document In her pres
ence; All of. these checks were. readily
accepted by the bank on which they
were drawn and no question was raised
when they were presented' for payment.
Some days later she said she received
another check for $100 by a* messenger,
which was delivered to her in her room,
with the name of J. W. Laymance
signed to It. The following day she
took it to the bank and handed it to
the paying teller. He invited her into
the president's office -..and gave the
check to the latter official. The presi
dent told her that Laymance had com
plained that his name had been forged
to two checks and showed her the $30
and $100 checks that are in evidence.
Then he handed back to her the $100
check which she had'.last presented and
she left the bank. She claimed that
during the conversation with President
Swift he said: "I know what^Laymance
is, and you had better go to see him
personally." •
She says she went to Laymance's of
fice,-but there were several men there
and she did not;wait.to interview him.
When she reached her apartments she
tore up the check.
The Prosecuting Attorney; began a
cross-examination of the defendant,
which was cut short.by:the,adjourn
ment of court It will be continued
Saturday.
On the Witness .Stand Miss
Lawrence Gives Version of
Forgery Charge Against Her
Attorney General Webb Says
That Middlemen Violated the
Permits on 3Iany Occasions
CASE .WILL CLOSE TO-DAY
EXAMINATION IS TORTURE
Lawyers for Commission Men
and Harbor Commissioners
Appear Before Judge Sloss
Laymance Tells How He Tried
to Break Long Acquaint
ance by Renewed Intimacy
RENOUNCEMENT
IS HIS PLEA
ARGUMENT OVER
WOODWARD ACT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL;. THURSDAY; JANUARY 21, 1904^
16
FKEE TO
WANT ADVERTISERS
¦ : ; JN ' ' : -
NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL.
De Witt's Guide to San Fran-
cisco, Street Car Lines, Hotels,
Boarding, Rooming and Apart-
ment Houses, etc., etc., together
with an up-to-date indexed
map of the city. .
. ¦ t - ¦ . ..
BRING YOUR WANT ADS
TO THE • C Alili. ¦ "
ADVEBTISEMEUTS. ._' '
Pullinff POWER
OR OUR
mnwwwnmfuwmmi niiv j s a reminder they won't
2f\oL I last long. The Men, Boys
' 1 and Children who realize
SAVED IS I what a 20% discount on
I Brown's Clothing means
20C I aren ' t waiting for you to get
' I wise. It's willful waste to
made on every I buy clothing before you
dollar you! have seen the garments „
; "f § included in our short lots.
Spend Wlln USS The money's yours as soon
till Feb. 1st. I as you save it. Now's your
— =MILL XO MAN — —
TO YOU 516'518 MARKET St M o b N e i^ME B Y
j HALE'S. { - SALE'S.
72=Inch Table Linens, 48c
_. One of the features of this table
\ -m!*L&k>£>df W Z0L _J2t l inen store: It's a cloth we can't
VyBLJT I "^TTTTITiir -— - 4 * q se n regularly under 65c. Heavy;
5 K$Syi i^^^Pil^^l Unbleached Table Linens— Espe-
\ flr^ daily this one at 40c It's_ a pure
1 Silk arlf ill iti 'ipfto linen, 58 inches v.-ide and in many
t %®W k <5rifilf -^ / %iSai! Ilicc - choice patterns. This is sorne-
hflvsBLJl JjS <^V*^ 0U thin? that doesn't happen very
YlWfj5&£& CgJ /fW often. When it does, and by a
00PyJK > house with a table linen reputation
'M* *¦* jey/^K y/fflV Hale's has, it creates a stir. Othex
if .-•'m^Sf II \ vJ$&Z2^ Towels are selling, too.ras they
Ak"^^^" lil \\ WM?* never sold before. All kinds, all
SMSSHSi/ \7&%' new > a11 P° od - a11 under the mar -
••/£y kct P" ces - Vhy shouldn't they
Sateen Petticoats, 75c Women's Vests
Others 95c and $1.25 (of special Warm underwear for women,
interest to-day). .who will be thinking of it to-
Few $1.7*5 ones reduced to $1.50. , r
Then at $2.50, $2.75, $3.25— plenty
sateen petticoats at Hale's; plenty. —And who want to pay as little
good reasons for buying now. for it as they can.
75c — Mercerized sateens with lap- Here are natural gray wool mix-
- dust S ruffle; bottom of U flounces ed vests, high necks and long
jxith accordeon pleating; black. s l ee ves, 39c (regular 50c quality).
On sale first time to-day. _ ., - . . < •!» *•» t-
95c. $1.25-Several styles, all ex- Full • finished Seams, Silk StltchlSff
ceptional. at the neck and down the front. ;
$1.50— Reduced from $1.75: raereer- A natU ral gray Australian wool
izod sateens, black and white "*' s*"^ *
plaids with double ruffles and mixed vest 75c. High necks and
dust ruffle. i ong sleeves; silk stitching at the
"••fe^cS^!^ 6 ?!?^}^^ " Cck »V own thC fr0Ht * (PantS
tho same material and dust to matcnj
ruffle. ____——
V, . ~ .. . More of Those Gloves
Her Ladyship Corsets gOc x o .D ay
a Lambskins — Good, sturdy, dressy.
Miss McCauley, the Corsetiere, It's a better glove than we can sell
to fit them. for so little money all the time. It's
Double corset attractions this as good a glove in every way as
week many are taking advan- can be had for a dollar. We even
tagc of. gi ve you the same guarantee against
imperfections as we do with $1.00
ti^JS^JiSf *2RP gloves. On the back is a row of
jay jf@Hb®d&r2_ embroidery. Shades tan, mode,
jB-Z^GnZ** ~~*. -^y*^ Sizes 514 to 8. They're on m bar-
ADVESTISZME2TT3.
DESKS
i SPECIAL PRICES ||
4-r«ot Flat Top Drsk.jein.SO Jffin
1 1 -¦¦-, rioi!-Top iT>-k.s<i«i.r.o /jfga
!<•¦¦• Finning 1 >.•¦ k.NI.I.OO MPE3
nrit'i I ¦¦•! ... ..''.. .JSIS.OO ig£f
\646-6S0Ml53lonSt-JH
J5an Franc t5co.J||||
/Printing $
if A II
. /
at Lowest Prices.
Good work, prompt de-liveries and prices
that zre lower than those of anybody else
Jn th* J>UKine6S. flre what make ray Kodak
Developing ar.d Prlntinc Jn demand. Here
a:e"* feu- price*:
DEVELOPING:
Holl of si« lOc
noil of twelve 15c
PRINTING:
Folio finish JJe to Tic
«*Vl«)x SBfaSi 3c to «c
Kre»h Kodak Films always Jn stock.
Oui-ol-town orders promptly filled. .
THAT MAN PITTS
' 1\ \V. riTTS. the StaUoner.
1OOS MARKET ST., Above Powell.
SAN FKAXC1SCO.
HOME FOR OLD PEOPLE
This home for the meed, conducted br th«
Bisters or Mercy, is situated at San Dlejro
Cal.. en University Heights, overloikinc the
ocean. The climate Is considered the finest In
the world, free from extremes of heat or cold
Axrcd couple* are also received. The charges
lor a home fer life vary from 51500 upward,
according to age end requirements. For further
information apply to Sister Sui>«rlor EL Jo-
•c^b** Sanitarium. Saa Diego, Cai.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
!l§f(!^ n In H irll ¦**ct#!s1 1
I iiiCn % 1 4 ? rl ! I
39 STOCJCTOZT STEEHT.
Telephone Mala 6522.
W« carry only rood goods and our
prices are always the very loweat poaalbl*
for first-class stock. «o we fsar no com-
petition. Her* are our
THURSDAY, FRIDAY & SATURDAY SPECIALS
CREAMERY BUTTER, 2 squares for. .85c
Marln Co. choice butter.
RANCH EGGS, per dozen 30c
The very b«st the market afford*.
Eastern Sugar-Cured Bacon, par Ib. .18c
Reg. 22c.
Buy quick; hlzher prices expected.
LAUNDRY STARCH, in 6-lb boxes.... 40e
Reg. 50c. Archer's Liberty brand.
Eastern BUCKWHEAT FLOUR.IQ-lb uck.55c
Reg. 75c.
New shipment from Pennsylvania.
LOG CABIN MAPLE STROP «,* q* *¦.
Special. C5c, 33c, 2Oc.
Reg. 75e. 40r. 2.V.
Goes well with Buckwheat Cake*. ¦
Lcwnej's Ground Chocolate, 1 -ib fins .25c
Kes- SOc.
GERMEA, per package 20c
Rfg. _.V. The Ideal breakfast food.
GERMAN LENTILS, 3 lbs for 25s
Rec. 2 for 25c. Genuine Imported.
IDEAL COAL OIL 5-galIon can. . . -S1.20
r.es. SUES A his n test, odorless oil.
JAPANNED COAL HODS—
! No. 15 No. t5 No. IT.
1 Special, 'Me. 30c. S5c.
1 r>c. ".V. 40c. 45c. A Reasonable special.
t OK BOURBON.... per boi 75c, gal $3.00
Keg. .*t and $4.
You can always desend on its parity.
FINE OLD RYE, full quart bottles.... 90e
He«. $1.25. An exceptional opportunity
to nrocure a weli-aced rye. *
eiesliiio ) per gallon 50c
Keg-. ISc excellent table winaa.
Liebig's Extract of Malt, per dozen. $1.65
Reg. »2.
A universal tonic. Used the world over.
Deliveries mad« at 0 a. m. and I and
4 D- m.
Dollar TeM
Premium / jj coffees
Free "^spices
— ** H £2
rThey are Beauties -%
A thousand kinds /&
to Select from.
It Pays to f
Trade at J
Great American Importing Tea Co's
Stores
"861 Market tlO Grant *r. 1433 PoEe
140 Sixth 1319 Dorbadex* 70S T^>v^
4T5Haf*ht 3006 Sixteenth S5S BjLjmm
32S3J£«*ioa 621 Montjr'y *t«. 62 Market
2008 FCImoro 2516 Mission 1« Ninth
S66 Third 2733 Uth 4e9Foarth
t Eyeglasses JQ
Spectacles tj
WEEKLY CALL, $1.00 PEBTEAB.