— Continued on Page * 2, : Column 3.
High Promotion for Brooke.
, WASHINGTON. Jan. 11.— Senator
Quay to-day Introduced a bill author
izing the President to appoint Major
General John R. Brooke a lieutenant
general of the retired list.
WELLINGTON, New Zealand. Jan.
ll.'r— Premier. Seddon has invited the
Premiers' of Australia, Canada, Cape
Colony and Natal to 'unite in protest
ing' to * the imperial Government
against the introduction of Chine3e la
bor *in' the "Rand 'mines of the Trans
vaal.
Oppose Chinese Labor.
HONOLULU, Jan. 6. — Dave Barry
of San Francisco and Jack Weday,
for some time . charrfpion middle
weight of the islands, met for. a fif
teen-round ; contest on New .*¦ Year's
night. Barry easily won In the(flfth
round.- knocking' Weday down, many
times, until the . latter's seconds.' gave
Up. ¦ .- - v - .-:>; ... ..¦•-¦. •
Dave Barry Defeats Weday.
HONOLULU. Jan. 5.— Carl Olsen. a
sailor of the ship George Curtis and
said to be a San -Franciscan, died at
the Queen's Hospital on New Year's
day as a result of injuries received ia
falling. into the lower hold. He fall
with a lantern in his hand. The laa
tern broke and . a piece of the glass
cut his neck so that he almost bled t*
death, while an explosion of ths lan
tern severely burned bis body, __^
Sailor Dies of Injuries.
WASHINGTON. Jan. II. — The Sen
ate In executive session to-day ratified
an extension of the extradition treaty
between the United States and The
Netherlands. An amendment was
m adopted- including bribery In the list
of extraditable offenses.
Bribery Now Extraditable.
BINGHAMTON; N. Y.. Jan. 11. —
The indictments against Richard Can
field on the charge of keeping a gam
bling house In New York City were
dismissed to-day. The case had been
transferred to this city on a change of.
venue and the New York District At
torney's office announced inability to
compel the attendance of witnesses.
Canficld Case Dismissed.
Government Announces Ministers to
Succeed Body That Resigned
in December.
SANTIAGO DE CHILE, Jan. 11.—
The following ts the composition of
the new Cabinet, which succeeds the
Ministry whose resignation was an
nounced December 22:
Minister of the Interior — Rafael Er
rasuriz Unneuta.
. Foreign Affairs — Raiminendo Silva"
Cruz.
Justice— 7Efrain Vascuez Guarda.
Finance — Ramon Santelicea.
War — General Anlbel Cruz.
Public Works — Manuel Espinoza
Jara.
NEW CABINET FOR
CHILE IS APPOINTED
TEXT OF RUSSIA'S' CLAIMS.
Czar Orders \That Review; of ~Negotia
tions Be' Made Public/, '
Jaji. 1 2.— The St. Peters
burg' correspondent of the Lokal An-;
'MILWAUKEE. Wls., Jan. ll.—The
Grand Jury to-day returned Indict
ments against ex-Aldermen Charles J.
Cook and William O. Kerchuser. Al
dermen William Murphy, and Arthur
A. McCormick. Jeter J- Mead." ex-Su
pervisor; Charles Bottenberg. Super
visor, of Whiteflsh Bay. and Henry
Stpffel. The Aldermen and ex-Alder
men are charged with soliciting bribes
and the Supervisors and ex-Supervls
ors with taking bribes. Stoffel la
charged with bribery.
Grand Jury Prefers Charges of Brib
ery Against Aldermen and
•. Supervisors.
3IILWAUKEE OFFICIALS
UNDER INDICTMENT
LA GRANDE. Or.. Jan. 11. — Lucy
Proe. a 13-year-old child, tried to com
mit suicide by drinking carbolic acid
lest evening. Since the death of her
parents she has been living with her
Mstcr. Mrs. George Huff. She took
the poison in a room in the. Rondo
Valley House at 6:30 o'clock and it
was twenty, minutes before a doctor
responded. She left a note saying she
was tired of life and asking her sister
not to let her clothing be removed.
The physician hopes for her recovery.
Despondent Child Drinks Acid After
Writing a Note Explaining Her
Weariness of Life.
THIRTEEXrVEAR-OLD GIRL
TRIES TO END EXISTENCE
Asa S. Bushncll Is Attacked by Apo
plexy and Is in Critical Con
- ditlon. .
COLUMBUS,' Ohio. Jan. 11.— Just
as he arrived at the" Union Station,
shortly after 4 o'clock this afternoon!
to take a train for Springfield, for
mer Governor Asa S. Bushnell was
stricken with apoplexy and Is now in
a serious condition. The attending
physicians hold out little hope of re
covery.
Governor Bushnell had been here
during the day and was about to tike
a train for his home In Springfield.
His carriage had arrived at the sta
tion, and the driver,, upon opening
the door, found him in an almost un
conscious condition. He was taken to
a hospital. . .
At 8 o'clock Governor Bushnell
was reported slightly improved, but
his condition was extremely critical.
He had rallied sufficiently to be able
to recognize his son, John L. Bush
nell. who had arrived from Spring
field. . v r-i::
"Private Young. Company K,
Twelfth Pennsylvania Volunteer In
fantry, presents his compliments to
Private Chaffee. Troop K. Sixth Unit
ed States Cavalry, and asks him to ac
cept this pair of lieutenant general's
shoulder-straps."
WASHINGTON. Jan. 11. — The first
pair of lieutenant general's shoulder
straps which General Chaffee, will
wear were presented to him by Gen
eral Young with the following note,
dated January 9. 1904:
Lieutenant General Young Revives
Old Memories to His Successor
In Presenting Straps.
HIGH OFFICERS ARE
PRIVATES ONCE MORE
FORMER GOVERNOR OF *>>-;
OHIO IS STRICKEN
William H. Taft Becomes Secretary
of War and Many Other Selec
tions Are Approved.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 11.— The Sen
ate to-day, in executive session, con
firmed the following nominations:
William H. Taft of Ohio. Secretary
of War; Luke E. Wright of Tennes
see. Civil Governor of the Philippine
Islands. Henry C. Ide of Vermont.
Vice Governor of the Philippine Isl
ands. ' .
Postmasters — California: Motley
H. Flint. Los Angeles; Laura J. Han
non, Redondo; AneeloiGenllli. Los
Banos; Albert J. Haulien. Weaver
ville; George F. Beales, Vlsalia; John
W. Lloyd. Porterville; William C.
Campbell, Los Gatos; Sarah LaJr4»
Alturas.
Two promotions In the navy and
marine hospital service.
SENATE CONFIRMS
3IAVY APPOINTMENTS
LONDON, Jan. 11. — The trial of
Whitaker Wright, the company pro
moter, on the charge of making and
circulating false statements of ac
counts while director of the London
and Globe Corporation, commenced
to-day In the King's Bench division of
the High Court of Justice, before Jus
tice Bigham and a special jury. The
court was crowded. The defendant
arrived early.' He was thinner and
grayer than when he last appeared in
court and had trimmed his 'side
whiskers and cultivated a beard,
which was almost white, thus altering
his appearance . considerably. The
trial is expected to last a week longer
If Wright goes Into the witness-box.
Courtroom Is Crowded at Opening of
Proceedings Against English
".'}.' • > Promoter.
tt'HITAKER WRIGHT'S
TRIAL COMMENCES
PAYS $200,000 IX DUTIES
LT0N HER ART TREASURES
Mr*.. Jack Gardner Assessed on Pic
lures Brought From Europe
Fl»e Years Ago.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 11. — It ts
learned here that in 1S98 Mrs. Jack
Gardner of Boston began the Importa
tion of paintings and other works of
art. which were admitted free of duty,
¦which were originally intended for
XJUbJic exhibits. It Is understood that
the importation aggregated about
SI. 000.000. A month ago the Treas
ury Department began to receive
complaints from citizens of Boston to
the effect that, while these pictures
and works of art were supposed to be
on exhibition, they were unable to see
them. The department placed the
matter In the hands of the United
States Attorney In Boston, who re
ported that the law had been violated.
Proceedings were about to be Insti
tuted, when Mrs. Gardner paid the
duties under the law, amounting to
about $200,000. This payment, it is
understood, was made about three
months ato.
- The Dally > News, which represents a
large Fectlon of the 'British public dis
liking - that treaty, regards Balfour's
speech as a "plain ' and unnecessary
threat "to 'Russia," and declares" that
the treaty was made without consult
ing- the British representatives in Ja
pan, who, since i ts adoption, have re
peatedly warned the Government of the
perils ' attaching to it."
Dispatches from Seoul record further
arrivals there of Russian marines. Rus
sia's intention being to have 300 ma
rines there, equal to the number of the
Japanese garrison In Korea.
The Daily Telegraph's Tokio corre
spondent says it is again reported that
the Russian cruisers at Vladivostok
will sail on January 14 for Port Arthur.
; The Russian, Mediterranean fleet left
Suda Bay yesterday, proceeding via
Port Said for the Far East.
BALFOUR'S SIGNIFICANT SPEECH
Premier Balfour, speaking at Man
chester* last night, declined to discuss
the "differences between Russia- and
Japan, on the ground that such discus
sion would do little service to the cause
of peace. The Premier said: ¦ ,•
"No one can contemplate hostilities
between, two . great'dvllized countries
without feelings of misgivings and of
depression."
Premier Balfour added that Great
Britain would carry out to the fullest
extent nil her treaty obligations.
Premier Balfour's guarded state
ment is commented on by this morn-
Ing's newspapers as an intimation of
the Intention of the Government to ac
cord full support to Japan in the event
of circumstances arising which would
call Into action the Anglo-Japanese
treaty.
Reports from Tokio and Shanghai
say that the Dowager Empress of
China and her court have for the pres
ent abandoned the Idea of fleeing to
Hslansu on the advice of th« foreign
Ministers.
from St. Petersburg and Tokio, to-day
take ,a calmer -view of the situation.
The view taken in European capitals,
based on 'the outlines of the Russian
proposals published in Berlin and the
incidents of the' past few days, is that
although Russia has not modified her
demands she Is displaying a more con
ciliatory, tone and a willingness to ne
gotiate, which is attributed to the
Czar's personal influence on the side of
peace.
SEOUL) Korea. Jan. 11.— The Jap
anese Minister has- made reiterated .de
mands, hitherto -without result, upon
the Emperor of Korea that he . recog
nize a Japanese, protectorate over
Korea, the Korean Government holding
itself to the Russo-Japanese agreement
concerning Korea.
LONDON. Jan. 12.— The Times' Pek
ing correspondent, cabling under yes
terday's date, says the Chinese Min
ister in Tokio, at the request of the
Japanese' Foreign Office, telegraphed
the following communication to Prince
Ching: , .
"The second Russian reply 'to the
Japanese proposals has been received
at Tokio, but it is unfavorable and can
not be accepted by Japan, which, will,
unless Russia recedes, be compelled «to
promptly resort.to arms.'
"In view of suchf an eventuality Japan
urges and expects China to maintain
the strictest neutrality, to preserve or
der throughout the empire, to guard
foreigners resident In the interior and
to take especial care to preserve order
in the provinces of Shantung and Yu
nan, lest, foreign powers might seize
the pretext of disorder and make ag
gressive movements therein."
The correspondent says that. the dis
patch has deeply Impressed the qhl
nesei who now believe .war to be cer
tain. He adds that notes looking, to the
ratification of the treaty between China
and Japan were exchanged yesterday
afternoon. . , -\
RUSSIA GRANTS NO CHANGES.
It Is learned that the terms enunci
ated - in the forecast of j the Russian
communication to the powers, cabled
from Berlin to-day, and which gave the
substance of Russia's proposals to Ja
pan regarding Manchuria and Korea,
are practically Identical with Russia's
former reply, of which Japan asked. a
reconsideration. , It is said that Rus
sia's last reply, .which Japan is now
considering, differs in no essential from
Russia's previous proposals, the only
difference being In the wording, to
gether with SjOme " minor concessions
concerning Korea, which, it Is said, Ja
pan considers immaterial.
The Dally Mail's Tokio correspondent
cables that'jhe Baron, de Rosen, the
Russian Minister, sent a reply on Sat-,
urday to \ Foreign, Minister, 'Komura's
communication of Friday, and that yes
terday M;, Arsenleff, second secretary
of the Russian ! legation, left", hurriedly
for Nagasakl.wlth Important dispatches
to be forwarded by, a .Russian warsh'lp
to Viceroy Alexieff. ' :..-. ' ¦¦;, V . .
" The Dally; Mail's Tokio correspondent
says that the':Na.val.Department:denies
that s Japan contemplates the 'purchase
of the Turkish cruiser Me'djldleh.' • : , \
CZAR'S INFLUENCE .IS SHOWN. '
--Some i of the special <;dispatches, b6th.- a
Deceased was about 54 years of age.
Nothing is known of her antecedents.
She served on Juries and voted at all
elections. '-'¦',.':
The woman was small of stature, but
very active and strong. She was an
expert shot with revolver and rifle.
Her home was In a dugout near Rock
ville. She was well liked by all who
knew her well.
She had ridden the ranges of East
ern Oregon for twenty-five years and
was widely known as an 'expert, faith
ful, untiring cowboy. She worked for
the cattlemen during the summer, and
In winter looked after stock of her
own, of which she possessed Quite a
herd. • •
BOISE, Idaho, Jan. 11.— A remark
able case of a woman masquerading as
a man has Just come \p light near
Rockville, in the western part of this
State, near the Oregon line. A few
days ago Joe Monoghan, a well-known
cowboy, died suddenly at the residene?
of Barney Mallov, on Succor Creek, in
Oregon. When the body was being
prepared for burial it was found the
deceased was a woman, v
Messenger Hurries From "Tokio
With Dispatches' for. Alexieff.
WomanMasquerades
as Man Twenty-
Five Years.
. In an interview to-day Sarafoff de
clared the s revolutionists were ready
for any step and prepared to go to
any extremity. He said that one of
the objects of his visit to Rome was
to learn what support the Vatican au
thorities would and could give his fol
lowers in Macedonia. The orthodox
Christians of the Greek church in*
Macedonia, he said, were even pre
pared to go to the length of leaving
that church and joining the Roman
communion, which, he declared, the
late Pope Leo most anxiously desired."
Sarafoff Is being closely watched by
the Italian police.
ROME. Jan. 11.— Boris Sarafoff. the
Macedonian revolutionary leader, whose
arrival in Rome the press here erro
neously announced on the 3d inst.,
reached here last night. One of the
chief objects of Sarafoff coming to
Italy Is to Induce General RIccioti Gari
baldi to lead an expedition having for
Its object the liberation of Macedonia
from Turkish rule, similar to the ex
pedition which Garibaldi headed at the
time of the Graeco-Turklsh war.
Sarafoff had Interviews to-day with
the leaders and supporters of the Mace
donian cause here. He said he wished
to inform the Italian Government that
Macedonia was not satisfied with the
Austro-Russian action and that a new
revolution would break out next spring:
if all the powers who signed the treaty
of Berlin did not Intervene and cause
the granting of autonomy to Macedo-
VIENNA, Jan. 11.— According to a
dispatch from Sarajevo, Bosnia, to the
Neue Freie Presse 4000 Albanians have
crossed the road between Prlzren,
eighty-eight miles from Monastir, Mac
edonia, and Scutari, capital of the vila
yet, of the same name, their Intention
being to oppose the new gendarmerie
organized under the Austro-Russian re
form scheme.
The situation in the Near East Is
causing increasing uneasiness. In ad
dition to the Albanian movements in
opposition to the new international
gendarmerie in Macedonia, a dispatch
from Cettinje says that the Govern
ment of Montenegro has decided to
take steps for the immediate expulsion
of all Albanians.
According to an unconfirmed report
from Uskub the Servian deputy, Was
sjl, was shot by Albanians at the Det
chini monastery. It was expected that
he would succeed the late Monsignor
Firmllian. Bishop of Uskub.
SCENE. IN MANCHURJAN CITY.' WHICH WILL BE OPENED TO THE
WORLD'S TRADE BY THE TREATY BETWEEN THE UNITED
STATES AND CHINA. , > ¦• . ' \ '
Rising Endangers the
Reform^SGlieme
of Powers.
WILD LIFE
OF COWBOY
HER CHOICE
MACED0NIA
INVADED BY
ALBANIANS
A later dispatch from General Eger
ton says that Captain Lister is miss
ing. Captain Lister is Lord Ribbles
dale's son and heir.
"Advanced this morning twelve miles
to Jidballi— First Brigade commanded
by Manning, Second Brigade under
Faskins and mounted- troops under
Kenna. Total strength of the regulars
'J-200; irregulars, 1000. Jidballi held by
5009. Dervishes. < Mounted^.- troops . en
veloped enemy's right and Infantry ad
vanced within 700 yards of his position.
Dervishes advanced, but were unable
to face frontal fire, coupled with flank
attack. Enemy broke and fled and was
pursued ten miles. Dervishes killed es
timated at 1000, mostly In the pursuit.
Many prisoners and 400 rifles taken.
"I regret to report that two officers of
regulars were killed and nine officers
wounded; five of the rank and file were
wounded; of native troops seven killed
and sixteen wounded; of Irregulars two
killed and two wounded. Am inclined
to think this is the Mullah's main force.
The Mullah himself was not present,
but was expected at Jidballi to-day."
Major General Egerton's force Is
camping to-night two miles beyond Jid
bal'.i.
ADEN, Arabia, Jan. 11. — An engage
ment in Somaliland between a British
force and the .forces of the Mad Mullah
has resulted in e severe defeat of the
latter, who lost 1000 men killed. The
British lost two officers killed and nine
were severely wounded.
LONDON. Jan. .11.— The War Office
to-day gave out the following dispatch
which has been received from Major
General Egcrton, commanding the So
maliland expeditionary force, which is
dated from Jidballi. Somaliland, Janu
ary 11:
Leader Murphy of Tammany Hall
said positively to-night that he was
not ready to indorse Parker.
What Is recognized as a very im
portant factor in the making of the
next Democratic nominee for Presi
dent is the Influence of William J.
Bryan. The information comes from
a gentleman who has had several talks
with Mr. Bryan since he returned from
Europe last Saturday that Mr. Bryan
intends to exercise absolute veto
power over the nominee of the party.
He feels that he will be able to pre
vent the election of any candidate
whom he does not indorse. He there
fore has decided to oppose all candi
dates who represent the clement that
knifed him at the polls in 1896 and
1900. In this category he includes
Judge Parker, Senator Gorman. Cleve
land. Olney and David B. H11L He
probably would Include also Judge
Gray of Delaware.
; Non-coramital — Delaware and Iowa.
During to-day's Interchange of
views by members of the Democratic
National Committee the Cleveland sen
timent has been almost completely
stamped out. Any man who hurrahed
for Grover Cleveland In the rotunda
of the Shoreham to-night would have
met. with little sympathy. There has
been a strong drift* to both Judge Par
ker and Senator Gorman and the rel
ative strength of the two candidates
is about in the order named-. They
are. however, almost evenly matched.
Nineteen States were canvassed this
evening by The Call correspondent.
For Gorman — Indiana, Kentucky.
North Carolina. West Virginia and
Alabama.
For Hearst— Wyoming, Wisconsin.
California and Arkansas.
For Cockrell — Missouri.
CALL BUREAU. 1408 G STREET,
N. W.. WASHINGTON. Jan. 11.— For
Parker— Illinois, New York. Michi
gan, Connecticut, Tennessee and
North Dakota.
Special Dispatch to The CUT.
, CHICAGO, Jan. 11.— Six thousand era- j
ployes of the city and of the United i
States Government located in Chicago !
,, have hit upon a plan which will give j
them all the advantages of belonging to j
a labor union without their becoming ¦
in fact members of such an organiza- I
tion.
Ten thousand acres of land has been
acquired in the state of Chihuahua,
Mexico, and is at the present time held J
under an option. This land is the pro
posed property cf the corporation which
Is to be formed. Of this corporation,
which is ostensibly to be a land-holding
organization, policemen, firemen and j
postal employes are to be the share- |
holder*, and all the deliberations of the
body are to be held behind closed doors.
Lest any member shall acquire un
due powejvand in order, that the de
sire for profit shall not induce the gen- |
oral _public to enter the corporation,
one of the chief rules is declared to be !
that no one shall hold more than ten j
' shares cf stock, the par value pf which
is Jl per share.
With the money thus gathered,
which may be increased by as
sessment whenever the directors so de
cide, legislation is to be influenced.
In this city an organization of the po
licemen was broken up after a hard
fight, and within the last six weeks
Mayer Harrison and Chief Mushman of
the Fire Department have been com
pelled to issue a strong order against
the formation of a labor union by the
firemen employed by the city. At
'present neither the firemen nor the po
licemen in this city are allowed to be
members of a secret organization which
carries with it any other allegiance
than that of the city government.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Stockholders Will Meet Behind Closed
•Doors and Thn3 Evade Inti
• Dnion Regulations.
Infantry Pours Heavy Fire Into Ranks
of Enemy While Mounted Troops
Execute Flank Movement.
PoU of National Committeemen Shows
That the Cleveland Enthusiasm
Is on the Wane.
Two Officers of tlie Attack
ing Column Killed and .
Nine Wounded.
Twice Defeated Candidate
. Expects to Dictate
• the Nomination.
Purchase Land in Mexico in
Order to Form Secret
Organization.
Plan oi Federal and
City Employes in
' Chicago.
Parker and Gorman
on Nebraskan's
Blacklist.
British Force Routs
Mad Mullah in
Somaliland.
WILL FORM
A II ON
NEW LINES
THOUSAND
DERVISHES
ARE SLAIN
MR. BRYAN
THREATENS
HIS PARTY
RUSSIA SENDS TROOPS TO CHECK BRITISH ADVANCE IN THIBET;
JAPAN DEMANDS THAT KOREA SUBMIT TO A PROTECTORATE
VOLUME XCV— XO. 43.
TKT WEATHEB.
Torecait mafle at Baa Praa
citco' Jcr thirty, hour* eadlaff
raiinlfi-ht January 13, 1904:
San Tranciaco and vicinity—
Increasing cloudlaesa and poi
slbly rain .by TheBday nlrbt;
llsrht north winds, chaagiar to
iieuh aoutheasterly.
A. G. KcASXS,
District rorecaster.
. THE THEATEJtS.
Alcazar — "Tie Moth and ti«
name."
California — "A Trip to Citaa
torra." * _
Central "The MooniMnert." ¦
riicher'i — "The Beanty Shop."
Grand— "In Convict Stripei."
Orpheuin — Vandeville.
The Cnnt««— Vaudrrtll*.
Tivoli Opera Ronse — " wnen
Johnny Comas Xarchlnr
Home."
Columbia — "Mrs. Deeriar'i Di
vorce.".
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, JANUARY 12, 1904.
PRICE FIVE CENTS. ,
HOXGKOXG, Jan. 11. — A Peking dispatch says the Chinese Minister in St. Petersburg and a Chinese % resident at L'Hassa Inform their Got
crnincnt that Russia is dispatching large reinforcements to "ThibctPiytiltlier the British expedition under Colonel Macdonald was recently sent from
India. Tlie Chinese Minister In St. Petersburg also advises his Government that Russia has made every preparation for war.
The San Francisco Call.Reduction or 25 Per Cent
In our cloak and suit department during
January,' cash or credit. Eastern Outfit
ting Co., 1320-1328 Stockton st. ••
WASHINGTON. Jan. IL — The
United States Supreme Court to-day
rendered an opinion sustaining the va
lidity of the New York statute" relat
ing to the adulteration of food pro
ducts and also held that it applies to
a contract covering . the purchase of
coffee in Guatemala which was after
ward brought to New York.
New York Food Law Valid.
LONDON'. Jan. 12. — The St. Peters
burg correspondent of the Daily Mall
says that the Czarina is again ill and
that her temperature is high. Tho
doctors fear that an abscess is forming
in the inner ear.
Grave Fears for the Czarina.
; . PARIS. Jan.yll.— A strong current
of r official sentiment was set in motion
to-day favorable, to strengthening the
hands of Russia-in/her claims to ex
ercise paramount-;, influence in Man
churia. It Is pointed out- that. Russia
having conceded Japan's paramount
influence In Korea,, Japan appears to
be unwilling to make a reciprocal
cession by recognizing, Russia's para
mount influence in Marich'uria. There
is^reason to believe., that the late Rus
sian-note makes clear Russia's atti
.tudejfand intentions concerning Man
churia and how far she is disposed to
recognize 'Japan's ambitions in Man
cfiuxia. The general purport of the
Russian position is that Japanese
merchants and individuals shall have
the right of free access to Manchuria
for purpose of travel .and commerce,
biit thafRussia does not wish this to
be: extend%d ' to the J colonization -"of
Japanese', in .large communities in
Manchuria.' ' Strong . sympathy is , ex
pressed here in behalf *of the > Russian
view, as it is said that the general ad
mission of Japanese colonization in
French Government Officials Declare
y . Japan to "Bo' In the Wrong.
SUPPORT, RUSSIA'S CLAIMS.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 11.— Howard
E. Huntlngton. son-of Henry E. Hun
tington. was to-day appointed general
manager of the Los Angeles Railway
Company, vice J. A. - Muir, deceased.
A circular. announcing -the appoint
ment was sent out by President H. E.
Huntlngton . % to-day and qaused con
siderable surprise among local rail
road men. Howard E. Huntingdon has
been for some time assistant to Gen
eral . Manager Epes Randolph of the
Pacific Electric Company, which is
one of, the electrical transportation
companies controlled by H. E. Hun
tlngton.
The Los Angeles Railway Company
comprises practically, all of the'street
rairway lines in' Lcj Angeles.. The
hew general manager of this system
Is 27* years" old.
SOX OK II. E. HUXTIXGTOX
MADE GENERAL 3IAXAGER
Russian Torpedo-Boats Moving.
SYRACUSE, Syria, Jan. 11. — Two
Russian torpedo-boats have arrived
here.
LONDON, Jan. 12.— The Times' Pe
king correspondent says that a rati
fication of the treaties between China
and Japan haa been exchanged.
Cliino-Jnpanese Treaties Ratified.
\\II*LITS. Jan. II.— An earthquake lasting
t»n seconds *ai frit her* at 11:20 o'clock lart
right. Thy vibrations were from *art to *-^st.
AMSTERDAM, Jan. 11.— The Han
delsblad this afternoon printed a dis
patch from Rotterdam saying that the
underwriters to-day announced on the
Bourse that jhey had canceled all con
tracts covering, molestation risks' in
the case of cargoes of all vessels to
and from Japanese, Chinese or Rus
sian ports in the Far East.
Cancel War Risks on Cargoes.
I ST., PETERSBURG. Jan. 11.— It is
seml-officially announced, in reference
to the reports that Russia is compet
ing with Japan for. the purchase of war
and' other ships, that the Marine. Min
ister has no intention of. buying any
foreign shins and has- not entered Into
negotiations with ' anybody with that
object in "view.
Patriotic newspapers have been try
ing to; bring the public to a realization
of the importance of the issues Involved
in the Russo-Japanese dispute, but
hitherto wholly unsuccessf uily. The
press is forced 'to admit that the gen
eral, public hot only t does not interest
itself the slightest In; Manchuria, but
that it positively detects the entire un
dertaking and 'ardently desires the rail
road : to be disposed of if possible.,
!'j MrSouyorin, publisher of the Nov'oe
Vremya,wlio*fofmerly ad vpcated a re
turn to the neglected tasks in the near
and"' middle -East,'; undertakes," in a
Bigned article. " to' prove " that : the dis
tance ? of . Manchuria "does /not argue
against the possibility of holding arid
developing; it, a Instancing ;the - distant
possessions of other powers. What sue-;
Populace Takes Xo Interest in the Far
Eastern Situation.
RUSSIAN PUBLIC APATHETIC.
The questions at issue were dis
cussed at to-day's conference of , the
'Cabinet and elder statesmen, and a
'final decision ' is expected to-morrow.
When this has been reached the con
ferees will appear before' the throne
and submit the answer -. agreed upon.
Then the final proposals of Japan will
be handed to Baron de Rosen.
China's decision to observe strict
neutrality In the event of war between
Russia and Japan was taken partly on
the advice of Japan. The latter points
out that the war could thus be localized,
Jhe disturbance of trade minimized and
that the danger of internal disorders in
China, as well as needless complications
of China's finances, would be avoided.
The note delivered by Foreign Min
ister Komura on Saturday to Baron- de
Rosen, the Russian Minister, was mere
ly preliminary to Japan's formal re
sponse, which has not yet been de
livered. .
TOKIO, Jan. 11.— The Cabinet and
the elder statesmen met for a Joint
conference at the official residence of
Premier Katsura this afternoon. The
Premier, who is ill, was not present.
They discussed the political and strat
egical situation and will report to the
throne to-morrow.
Cabinet and Elder Statesmen Discuss
Final Note to Russia.
PREPARING JAPAN'S REPLY.
Embassador' Meyer ended by^p'ro
posing a toast to the -health of'^KihV
Victor Emmanuel and Queen Helena.
"Thie is the first time that an Ameri
can artistic Institute has been opened
by the head of a foreign state. To the
founders of the academy this fact will
be most gratifying and most reassur
ing. It will encourage their hopes
that- from the 4 modest commencement
they have made by their own unaided
efforts this academy will grow in a,
manner worthy of our country and of
Italy, which offers it a home." .;, : /-«
tentively examined the exhibits. 4
Director Mowbray gave an elaborate
dinner to-night at the Villa Aurora to
celebrate the of the exhi
bition. Among the twenty-five guests
were United States Embassador Meyer,
Signor Monteverde, president of the
Royal Academy of San Lucia; Count
San Martino, president of the Italian
committee to the St. Louis Exposition;
United States Consul General'. ;de
Castro; Professor Lancia, the .arch
aeologist; Franklfn G. Simmons' aijd
Waldo Story, the sculptors, andfSignQr
Apolloni, the painter. . .'s"".V"f*"^
.Director Mowbray was the .'first
speaker. He recalled the factUhat th?
academy owed its existance principally
to Architect McKim, who was a .mem
ber of the Academy of San Lucia, and
who had been the recipient,*, of the
King's medal from the Royal' Institute
of British Architects. ... . •
"These are honors." said Director
Mowbray, "but who can.- say Mr.
McKim would not consider it a greater
honor to see this academy achieve high
position and be a credit, to the
tion?" 'V; : - •'
**'No truly great country has yet ex
isted without an art of Its^own." said
Embassador Meyer. "As yfiome coun
tries have turned to Greece, it is only
natural that the United States should
endeavor to absorb something from an
older civilization. The most gracious
recognition of King Victor Emmanuel
the most cordial interest taken by
Queen Helena to-day will do much to
give this academy the position which
we desire it to hold in the eytfs of; the
Italians and of the people of our own
country. ¦_....
ROME, Jan. 11. — The King . and
Queen to-dav visited the exhibition of
the work of the students of the Ameri
can Academy, and congratulated Di
rector Howbray on the progress made
by. American art,- which thus .received
its first recognition and the highest ap
preciation here. The sovereigns at-
AUBURN, Jan. 11.— The inquest into
the killing of E. M. Armstrong, on the
train Saturday night, by Thomas
Gostlin resulted in little beyond the
facts aJrcady given.
Conductor Bryce, J. K. Stephens,
Mrs. Delbert Baxter. G. C. Pierce and
M. D. Murphy all testified that there
was no conversation between the men
at the time or prior to the Bhooting.
Gostlin walked down the car to where
Armstrong was sitting and deliberately
fired three shots, two bullets taking
effect. The third was warded off by
Stephens and struck Gostlin'3 arm.
Armstrong evidently did not notice
Gostlin coming.
The trouble is raid to have been over
a lawsuit, thousrh it is intimated that
a woman Is Involved. .
VIENNA, Jan. 11. — A more hopeful
feeling prevails here regarding the sit
uation' in the Far East. A favorable
impression has been created by China's
ratification at this juncture of a treaty
with the United States. Makino, the
Japanese Minister, ' says that this
measure is bound to exert a strong
moral effect and that the most oppor
tune moment was chosen to consum
mate it.
Hopeful Feeling in Vienna.
Reason That Prompted Gpst-
Hn to Kill Armstrong: on a
Train Not * Yet Explained
King; and. Queen of- I^aly
Visit Exhibition at Academy
and Are Very Enthusiastic
WASHINGTON, Jan. 11. — The
United States Supreme Court to-day
granted a writ of certiorari in the case
of Hackfcld & Co. vs. the United
States, which will have the efTect of
bringing the case to this court for re
view. Hackfeld & Co. are the owners
of a steamship, in which unacceptable
Japanese immigrants were brought
into the United States. They were or
dered deported and escaped at Hono
lulu. • By the decision of the Circuit
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Cir
cuit the steamship owners were held
liable.
Case or Hackfcld & Co. May Be Tried
Before United States Court.
SHIP OWNERS GRANTED WRIT.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 11.— In an opin
ion by Justice Brewer the Supreme
Court of the United States to-day de
cided the case of the Wabash Railroad
Company vs. William' N. Pearse, ex
ecutor of Charles fj. Pearse, involving
the question as to. whether a common
carrier retains a lien upon imported
goods shipped in bond to a given' point
and upon which tariff charges have
been paid by the company in transit.
The goods involved in this case con
sisted of four boxes of curios, purchased
In Japan by Charles E. Pearse, and
shipped via the Canadian Pacific Rail
way Company's steamers to Vancouver.
B. C. and thence over the Canadian
Pacific and connecting lines to St. Paul,
Minn., where the railway company was
required .to and ' did pay the tariff
charges, amounting to $264. The goods
were transferred to the Wabash Com
pany and by it delivered at St. Louis,
Mo. Pearse resisted the claim of the
railroad company to hold, the goods
until the money paid on account of the
tariff should be refunded and the* St.
Louis Court of Appeals sustained this
view. That decision was, however, re
versed by to-day's opinion, in which it
was held "that it is common law duty
of the carrier to receive, carry and de
liver goods and by virtue of this obli
gation it4s entitled to retain possession
until its charges are paid. Nor i3 this
Hen confined to Its charges for trans
portation." . V".
The treaty was signed on May 20,
1903, but was not ratified with the other
treaties between the United States and
Cuba at the close of the last session
of Congress. The Committee on Foreign
Relations held up the treaty until to
day and then reported it by order of
the Senate. The report of-the conlmit
tee recommended the adoption of the
treaty, urging: that it would not change
the political status or the relations be
tween Cuba and the United States in
any manner.
The Senate passed the amendment to
the tariff commission bill and then held
open until late to-night., awaiting th«
action of the House, on the bill, and,
also decided as to whether 5 an adjourn
ment would be finally taken to-night: :
The House, after a long discussion of
the tariff question, during which many
amendments to the Senate bill were
offered, took a recess until to-morrow.
The prevailing opinion among th»
representatives remaining m Havana,
appears to be that Congress ought not
to go further than giving President
Palma authorization to temporarily In
crease all the duties by 25 per cent..
The advocates of the lottery bill have
not risked the attempt to pass the bin
over v the veto of President Palma oa
account of the small attendance.
•HAVANA, Jan. 11.— The Senate, after
clearing legislative business and beins
in readiness to adjourn until the
spring, rushed through the ratification
of the so-called permanent treaty with,
tha United States. There was no de
bate and the vote was taken simply
by a show of hands.
The treaty includes all the provisions
of the Platt amendment verbatim.
This was the proposition 'the Cuban
Government made,' because of the de
sire to eventually eliminate the amend
ment from the constitution, and so re
move the cause of the constant criti
cism of the makers of the constitution
for accepting such an amendment from
the United States. The standpoint i3
regarded as immaterial whether the
requirements and restrictions of the
Platt amendment be continued In the
form of a constitution or in the form
of a treaty.
BERLIN, Jan. 11.— The Russian Gov
ernment has informed the powers that
it will 'respect .fully the right any na
tion has in- Manchuria under treaty
with China. This declaration is made
without reservation.
Russia gives formal expression to
this policy now in consequence of the
controversy with Japan, one of w^iose
persistent contentions has been for a
definition of Russia's policy in Manchu
ria and an acknowledgment of Japa
nese trade privileges. Russia's reply
has been in substance as follows:
' "We cannot discuss -Manchuria with
you any more than we could Australia
or the Philippines. Manchuria belongs
neither to us nor to you. It does not lie
within. -the jurisdiction of either of U3
to'dlsp'ose of the future of Manchuria."
¦rUisEia,^ however, is willing to observe
the. treaty rights of all the powers In
Manchuria, and now engages to do so.
Russia, it is added, thus removes from
theVnegotiatlons one of the points upon
which Japan counted for the moral
support "'b^' other powers and whereon
Bhe especially h»d the sympathy' of the
.United States and Great Britain.
The terms of Russia's last .note to
Japan afe not known officially, here, but
ft is understood ; to '.'_ have produced a
quieting effect' . upon^ the \ Japanese
statesmen. Japan's reply, it is; assert
ed, will be in a similar tone.
f "Japan has Informed Germany that no
troops have,. bepn landed in Korea and
that Japan has' no intention at present
of landing troops.
'/.The published in London
on 'high' authority that Germany and
the triple alliance will remain neutral
in" the event of war between Russia and
Japan is confirmed _here.
*i A*' commission composed of six Japa
nese officers, according to a special dis
patch from Meppen, Hanover, is testing
six-inch howitzers on the Krupp Com
pany grounds there. Some of these
howitzers,, .it is added, have been
bought by Japan for immediate deliv
ery^ , .. i"^~'?Ti
RUSSIA'S PLEDGE TO NATION'S.
Will Respect Terms • of Commercial
Treaties Made With China.
CAR TRAGEDY
IS A MYSTERY
Platt Amendment Included
Verbatim in So-Called Perma
nent Pact With -United States
United States Supreme Court
Decides That Articles May
Be Withheld for Tariff
AMERICAN ART
WINS PRAISE
CUBAN SENATE
PASSES TREATY
RAILROAD MAY
CLAIM GOODS
LONDON, Jan. 11.— The Japanese
Government is alarmed at the report
that the» Russian Black Sea fleet In
tends to pass through the Dardanelles.
At the request of the TokJo authorities
Baron Hayashl, the Japanese Minister
to Great Britain, lias made inquiries
on the subject- here, but the British
Foreign Office has not heard that Rus
sia has asked Turkey's permission and
Is notv inclined v to~ believe Russia will
raise such a question in Europe at the
present time, not only on account of
the Far Eastern crisis, but because of
the unsettled state of the Balkans.
It was said at the Foreign Office to
day that a circular somewhat similar
to the synopsis of the Russian position
in regard to Manchuria cabled to the
press from Berlin, to-day has been re
ceived, here. Cpmmentlng on it the
Foreign Office says that as no power
has acquired any Interest In Manchuria
except under treaty with China it falls
to see the force of Russia's circular.
Hears That Russia Intends to Send
Fleet Through the Dardanelles.
RUMOR ALARMS TOKIO CABINET.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 11.— The State
Department has been informed; that
Japan" has requisitioned thirty mer
chant vessels for^ transports. Advices
received here show that the Russians
are increasing the guard at Seoul
daily and that the French have made
arrangements to establish a guard
there. ,
A cablegram to-day from Rear Ad
miral Evans, commanding the Asiatic
fleet, announced the arrival of the
battleships Iowa, Oregon and Wiscon
sin at Guam,' on the way to Subig Bay.
It was understood that the cruiser
squadron, consisting of the New Or
leans. Albany, Cincinnati and Raleigh,
would arrive at Guam to-day or to
morrow. The cruisers left Honolulu
in company with the battleships, but,
unlike the latter, stopped en route at
the Midway Islands.
Rear Admiral Evans will remain at
Guam until the cruiser squadron ar
rives, and it is expected that he will
be fully advised by cable of the policy
of the United States Government fcn
the event of war between Russia and
Japan, In order that he may dispose
of the vessels of his fleet in accord
ance with that policy.
Only that portion of the Chinese
treaty which relates to the opening
of the ports of Moukden and Antung
and provides in general terms for
prMlegres of American shipping will
become effective upon the exchange
of ratifications of the treaty, which
will take place within six week's.
There Is a possibility that the Chinese
Government will authorize its Minis
ter here? Sir Chentung Liang Cheng,
by cable to effect an earlier exchange,
but Minister Conger has not made
this request. . < - "
The other features of the treaty
abolishing the likin taxes and increas
ing the average customs dues on
goods coming from the United States
into China will not become effective
until similar treaties containing simi
lar provisions have been concluded
between China and the other powers
signatory' to the treaty of Peking. Be
sides the United States. England and
Japan have so far negotiated such
treaties, leaving Germany, France,
Italy, Austria and Belgium to effect
like arrangements before the new du
ties go into effect.
Requisitions Thirty Merchant Vessels
•^for Service as Troopships.
JAPAN* ACQUIRES TRANSPORTS.
The Lokal Anzeiger's correspond
ent adds that Admiral Alexieff, the
Russian Viceroy In the Far East, has
of late been sending two or three
comprehensive dispatohes daily to the
Government, ' in which he takes a
gloomy view of 'future developments.
The war idea is unpopular in Rus
sia, but it Is feared that some un
toward incident' may occur any day
which will make it inevitable for
Russia to become fully convinced of
Japan's warlike Intentions. - ; •
"Fifth — In reference to Manchuria,
Russia accepts no conditions, but de
clares that she is ready to permit
Japan and other powers Jo represent
their interests, embracing the 'open
door' for Moukden and Newchwang.
"The Czar personally edited and
corrected these points of the commun
ication." ¦
"Fourth — A neutral zone fifty kilo
meters broad Is to be created between
Korea and Manchuria, along the Yalu
and Tumen rivers, in which neither
Russia nor Japan can establish forti
fied positions; also that the strait be
tween Japan- and Korea shall be neu
tral, thus giving free ingress and
egress to Russian vessels. .
"Third — Russia allows Japan full
commercial freedom of action in
North Korea, But Japan must not per
manently occupy fortified towns either
to the north or to the south, neither
on- the coast nor in the interior.
"Ssecond — In South Korea the Jap
anese can '-act not only in tKeir eco
nomic interests, but they can adopt
strategic action corresponding with
these interests.
zeiger gives a much more serious view
of the Far Eastern situation than has
hitherto emanated from the capital.
The correspondent claims he has au
thentic information that those in of
ficial circles entertain a greater con
cern over the differences between
Russia and Japan than they have
heretofore allowed to become known
to the public and he says he suspects
that the utterances of the press have
been optimistically colored in order to
conceal this official disquiet.
The correspondent goes on to say
that the Czar takes the keenest inter
est in bringing order into the compli
cated situation and that he insists that
an unvarnished report shall be made
public.
Recently Count Lamsdorff, the For
eign Minister; General Kuropatkin.
Minister of War, and M. A. Vasa,
chairman of the committee on- East
Asiatic affairs, assembled in the pal
ace -of Zarskojesselo to draw up a
communication, which .will soon be
¦published in the Government Messen
ger. This communication will give a
complete story of the negotiations
with Japan, including the latest de
velopments. The correspondent says:
"The Czar wishes, as he told Count
Lamsdorff, that the whole truth be
given to the public. He is personally
against war and refuses to believe that
it will come. He hopes to convince
Japan that Russia's wishes are rea
sonable and must be respected. The
communication chiefly embraces five
joints:
"First — Japan will get various con
cessions In Korea.
The Moskowskija. Vemostl says it Is
announced that Russia has acquired
the rights for the Holland submarine
torpedo-boats, and adds that it con
siders "this will render the building of
costly battleships unnecessary."
The paper ridicules the reports of
the depreciation of Japanese strength,
and says: ".
¦ "She has five millions of men nearer
the scene than Russia's one million.
Japan i» better armed and equipped
and has powerful backers. Russia
cannot profit by- a victory and the re
sults of her defeat would be appalling
ltd the country." ¦'•':-
MOSCOW, Jan. 11. — Notwithstand
ing^ the rumors' of movements on the
part of the Russian and Japanese
armies and navies, war is not con
sidered likely here. The Russktja
Vedomosti, which reflects the opinion
of influential merchants and the edu
cated middle class, says:
"It is more important for Russia to
foster internal development and hus
band her resources for a weightier
purpose than to seek the acquisition
of a yellow Russia, involving enormous
expenditures and profiting only adven
turers." ••
Says Russia Has Everything to Lose
and Nothing to Gain by War.
cess will attend his campaign of edu
cation remains to be seen. It' is ac
knowledged, however, that 99 per cent
of.the public believe that circumstances
have led Russia too far afield.
. Another method of arousing public
sentiment has been employed by some
newspapers, notably in the Far East.
They have begun calling the Japanese
"the Jews of the Orient." Moreover,
the whole press in Vladivostok and
Manchuria is dally emphasizing the ex
istence of the "yellow danger." But
this seems designed to cause Europe
to pause and reflect, rather than to
inflame the racial feelings of the Rus
sians.
It is pointed out here that the sta
bility of the Russian state loans
throughout the crisis cannot be ac
cepted, as a trustworthy index of the
feeling of the business world, since it
Is well known lhat the Government
regularly operates on the Bourse to
prevent fluctuations of its loans. The
Bourse otherwise has been weak. Many
stocl:s have fallen considerably.
MOSCOW PRESS PESSIMITIC.
A special dispatch to the Patrie
from Harbin, a town on the Manchu
rian Railroad, describes the ' Russian
war preparations. The Russian of
ficers declare war is inevitable, but add
that they are ready. Port Arthur, Jt
is further asserted, will be occupied
by 100,000 men, and in ten days re
inforcements of '100.000 can reach
Manchuria. ! • •*
Manchuria .would "create questions of
political and racial domination. '
It -is asserted to be in the interest
of the commerce of Europe and
America that Russia should replace
China's authority within Manchuria.
It is also pointed out that Japan re
cently restricted the operations of
American insurance companies, and
this is cited as evidence that Russian
control of Manchuria ¦ is likely to
prove as liberal to American and Eu
ropean commerce as Japan's. There-:'
fore it is maintained in governmental
quarters that it is to -the general ' in
terest of Europe and America to give
moral support to a settlement of the
pending conflict 'on the basis of
Japan's authority in Korea and Rus
sia's authority in Manchuria. Those
.wlio^are in the best position to know
Russia's intentions say her determi
nation to exercise her sphere of in
fluence In Manchuria is irreconcilable.
Owing to Russia's latest attitude in
Manchuria it is the view of official
circles here that the main issue of
the negotiations now centers in Man
churia instead of Korea. .-.y^H
Continued From Page -I, Column 5.
JAPAN DETERMINED TO ESTABLISH-
OVER KOREAN EMPIRE
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL*, TUESDAY, JANUARY 12, 1904.
A Guaranteed Cure for Piles.
Itching. Blind. Bleeding or Protruding Pile*.
Tour druggist will - refund money If Paao
Ointment falls to cur* you in 6 to 14 day*. 50s*
Fewer Soldiers at. Cripple Creek.
DENVER.Colo.; ;^ari. 1 i;-£.Gbyerhor.
Peab'ody to-day" issued orders; f 6f. ;^. re
duction of :the military forces 'at; Crip
l5lfe Creek and; Telluride;io 'lOO^men
each during/. this week, .unless " fresh
troubles'arisel ' " ' ' " : ' <
Wolf- Wants Reinstatement.
Attorneys Metson and Campbell will
to-day* institute proceedings in Ihe Su
perior : Court- against the Police'Com
misisoners directing: them to , show
cause why 'they should not reinstate
Reuben A. Wolf, the former police
sergeant, who was dismissed from .the
force a short" time ago..
Six Dead and Four Fatally Injured
Is Result of a Bursting: Boiler
.In a Sawmill. . -
TUSTIN. Mich., Jan'. 11.— The boiler
in the sawmill located at Hicks Luke.
-in Oscola County, exploded to-day and
killed six men, injuring four others,
perhaps fatally. , -
The dead; Bert Lester, Len Chase.
Mark Bradley, F. L. Morris, Ledd.Dal
ton, E. Powers. All were married and
lived' in Dighton.
MANY KILLED AXD
HURT. BY EXPLOSION
2
KEW ADVERTISEMENTS/
» - ¦¦¦¦..- 1, 1 , •-•. _ . , ,,,_.
' XZLZi THE DA5DSDPP GERM
Or Tout Hair "Will Pall Out Tin You
Become Bald.
Modern science has discovered that
dandruff is caused by a germ that digs
up the scalp in scales as It burrows
down to the. roots of the hair, where -It
destroys the halr'n vitality, causing fall-
ing hair. and. ultimately, baldness. After
Prof. Unna of Hamburg. Germany, dis-
covered the dandruff germ, all efforts to
find a ren^y failed until the great la-
boratory discovery waa made which re-
sulted in'Newbni's Herpicide. It alone
of all othev hair preparations kills the
dandruff germ.. Without ¦ dandruff, fialr
grows luxuriantly. "Destroy the caus*.
you remove tho efTect.'.' Sold by- leading
druggists. Send 10c in stamps for s.im-
«le to The Herpltide Co., J^*trolt. ilio*.
_./- [ PRAGEES
Double Green Trading Stamps
Given With All Purchases
Never Was There giid* fln Op-
portunity to Save Money on
Women's Newest Winter Suits
1* F ANY THOUGHT has been given for a pretty new suit it will
be wise to act upon it and visit this department at once. The val-
ues have never been equaled and have been so attractive that the
greatest demand has been made on this stock, and in consequence
there are many lines broken. And because of this the reductions
are even greater than when this sale began. : .' » V.
$9.95 — About 2OO suits in this lot; either iong, medium or short
coats, with instep length or train skirt. They are made of
fancy mixtures, cheviots, etc. Reduced from $20.00.
$|2.45 — These are the choicest of this season's styles, made of
zibelines, mannish mixtures, heather suitings, tweeds,
homespuns, serges, cheviots, coverts, etc. Either long or short
coat, train or trainless skirts. Some are most beautifully trimmed;
others are strictly tailor made. Regular $25.00 and $30.00 suits.
SI 4.95 — Theseare among the handsomest suits shown this sea-
T * son. They are made in every style and of the newest
mannish mixtures, as well as cheviots and broadcloths. Worth
$30.00 and $32.50.
$ I 7.45 — Exquisite styles that yo» will not find elsewhere. Made
of this season's swellest materials and beautifully tail-
ored. These suits were sold up to yesterday for $35.00 and $37.50.
White Kid Gloves.
SI. 00 a pa ' r — Two-clasp overseam kid gloves, with one row of
v * embroidery stitching. Worth $1.25.
$1.50 a P a ' r — ** ca * French white kid glove; three clasp, Paris
v * Point embroidery. Fitted and guaranteed. $1.75 value.
$1^5 a P a ' r —^ ne g en «'ne Reynier suede glove; three clasp.
* Fitted and guaranteed. A swell dress* glove. «-
J| ALWAYS RELIABLE
M 1238- 1250 MARKET STVAIs
¦ DB» KILMER'S SWAJIP-BOOT. '
MTURfS GREATEST CURE
FOR MEN AM) WOMEN
Swamp-Root is the Most Perfect Healer and Natural
Aid to the Kidneys, Liver and Bladder
Ever Discovered.
tl irritation, pain or dull ache. in the back
?vV*UP Bfl^T CIVPn Wi I IFF — they tell us in silence that our.kidneys
Ol»AKr-nUul OAfCU Mi Llrtt need dc-ctorin*. If. neglected .now. the
¦ l disease advances until the face looks
Igssgissg lisatis* - '- r f «§3Sri3«5 c -™ s '™
I tM „ *«* „,. ,. », t «K. or.r ,h. '"^"".J'S'mfS?.. iSowto, that Dr.
Kilmer's Swamp-root, the greaf kidney.
>^^"" *^Ov liver and bladder remedy, fulfills every
/y^* ¦¦•'•' -«1 - : 'l^Vv wish in quickly relieving such troubles.
y^^^TW'V^'^V It corrects inability to hold urine and
/Si ty>y«a*iffly';fV\. scalding pain in passing it, and over-
/t^'-^M' h" : ¦ *X^ comes that unpleasant necessity of
// "' s' ~~ \\%\\ being compelled to get up many, times
//*'"-*¦ ft — ¦ *^ A\ during the night to urinate. In taking
// ffi- '...,... ..'•!" JH \\ this wonderful new discovery, Swarap-
I j.y; v [:- '¦'¦¦ Tf'-rftSfSV fSisth ** '\\ Hoot, you afford natural help to Nature,
// ¦. v v $7 ?tg?^ u> • .. > A for Swamp-Root is the most perfect
VK " — -^ «• * ? >-- tf)-! • " \\ healer and pentle aid to the kidneys that
-'"'*¦' • vfspY; . jf* * ' • fj; to «' \ ] las ever been Oiscovered.
y-^% ' f I SWAMP-ROnT A BLESSING TO WOMEN.
'¦ ¦ y*^S*-^J3»^£>^ W % , ' i My kidneys and bladder save me great
i '¦.;.., • .wm ¦ f ~~fT^^ £?¦'/ " I trouble for over two months and 1 suffered un-
timf-s a'r.iprht ofiTi with tmartir.g tnd burning. \-ift "^ ' - ' vW^fel *
Brlrk dust wou!d settle In the 'urine. I lost \?^ -i." ' Zfef
tv.enty pounds in two week*, ar.d thougrht I ¦ ¦ ¦•XJSa-i' '" ' - ¦'•'¦ l *" — HJj : " •• ¦ ¦¦' ¦'¦''¦
would soon die. I , took the first ilcge. of your : ..¦ r ¦¦'cF&~-_ ¦ ¦.-..¦s-vSa "•.¦.:¦:.:".¦
Suarrp-Hiot !n th<> cxovAng at bed V.me. anl VvtSL ~'-s~ "'
was very much surprised: I had to urinate but \ .^S^i/PN>r^ :^^^3^ ' '
, r ._ ,.,„, . :c i . ... ., thJ> ..,»„,. n .: n ig},, i ,>;d n ., t \ 'y^TM^P^y^yrr.-rr^fXA ,r- /
ret up unt'.l-Tnornlns- I have used tkrw bottles ' V^T *1Jl7TTPI |MHBt^*V- " * VI I '
. : Swan ; ; V t. and to-rtey nrr: a* well as cvi>r. \ Y&ff&jfc^CftfWH^^jpfy * ¦ r v i I
I ar.i a ffirmrr. and am working every day. \ Y«£5*?C^>y3l-^i feu- J?^JIF' J
?¦•' t\.;i! ISO pounds. th<? f-anin ;hst I weighed V^0^vvS^V^*^*r''^^A«'/ '
t • ¦¦'.. rt ~i was taken sick Gratefully yours \ vVv^C*\^^;^?*I''"T^^^V "
T. S. APKER. *.:ar^h pill, Pa.
There comes a time to both men and MRS. E. AUSTIN jrf7 . ¦>
women wh*>n Eirkness and poor health W/» ¦ ¦ "<-*/ . ,i
T A tr ° Uble bea! " : «°Id *^»-- « te^ e ™ k - «S£ **"<*
disappointment seems to follow every very mucn run down. I had great difficulty in
effort of phy$ie:sns in our behalf and retaining my urine, and was obliged to pass
remedies we try have little or no effect water ver v often nitfit and day. After I had
t*. .«„.... ¦ \ t \ I . c " ct - 1 " used a sample bottle of Dr. Kilmer's h*amp-
In man> such carv s serious mistakes are Root, sent me on.my request. I experienced re-
made in doctoring, and not knowinr " ef an< l I Immediately bought of my druggist
what the disease is or what makes us ' two UrK ' bottles and continued taking tt regu-
•<Mr i<-i»,H -.,». _ ' ua ! larly. I am pleased to say that Swamp-Root
sick. Kind r.ature warns us by certain cur^J me entirely. I tan now stana Oh my feet .
Eytnptoms, which are unmistakable evl- ' «H day without any bad symptom* .whatever.
der.ee of danger, such as too freauent ! h«« proved a biessine to me.
dc^re to urinate, scanty supply, scalding i GrattfUlIir TAassau T.
¦ ¦
To Prove What SWAMP-ROOT, the Great Kidney, Liver and Bladder
Remedy, Will do for YOU, Every Reader of The Call
i^__ m Afay Have a Sample Bottle FREE by Mail.
EDITOItlAX. NOTICE— If you are sick or feel badly write at once to Dr.
Kilmer <£ Co.. Bingharnton. X. Y.. who will gladly send you by mail, imme-
diately, without cost to you. a sample bottle of Swamp-Root, and a book tell-
ir^ all :iiK«ut ;t. and containing many of the thousands upon thousands of testi-
rnonial letters received from men and women cured. In writing to Dr.
Kilmer & Co.. Binehamton, X. y., be sure to say that you read this generous
oiTer in me San Francisco Daily Call.
Swamp-Root is pleasant to take and you can purchase the regular
Ofty-cent and one-dollar size bottles at the drug stores everywhere. Don't
make any mistake, l.ut remember the name. Swamp-Root. Dr. Kilmer's Swamp- !
Root, and. the address, Binghamton. N. Y.. oxj every bottle. ». ¦ . -
___ ADVERTISEMENTS.
Trunk and Suit Case— Special Offer.
Exee:i«>nt Trunk, durably made, with s.l
h*«vy brass trlmmlncs. two extra Craya.
, double t<t rapped, and an extra value a.t
t \< ;¦". We have specially reduced the
Vice to fO.OO
Dress Suit Cuse of flr.e «ole leather, hand.
*¦¦¦:.-..- in appearance. **'.l . made and
. VJurabie, vcrth much mere, but we offer.
« for .V .' *G.OO
A. B. SIVJITH CO.
Trunks and Traveling Outfits.
(23-132 Eills Street. Above Powell,
Sin Francisco.
PERFECT
AN ELEGANT TOILET LUXURY
TJsod by "people 'of refinement
'fax orer a quarter of a century
. PREPARED BY
' -4 M '<fycrj>.33.£GUTHRIK. O. T.. Jan. 11. — in a dispatch
tent from Cuthri«» Ja*t Saturday night it tva*
•rroacoufcly utatefl that the First National
Bunk of Alva had been closed. The bank of
Alva. which was closed on January 0, ww th<*
Alva National Bank. The Flrt>t National
Bank cf Aha le a substantial* Institution uu<l
I* In no way involved in the Alva National
(•flun.
An Impressive Advertisement.
.Probably the most unique and original
creation in advertislnB signs is now dis
played--upon a window in the "Rock
Island" ticket and freight office on Mar
ket 5 street in this city. It is in the form
of a globe and indicates the territory
traversed by the Rock Island system,
giving; in distinct detail and with 'geo
graphical correctness a '"tout ensemble"
rarely equaled m a special advertise
ment. The artists were imported from
New York, at great expense no doubt,
and have been busily, engaged . upon the
work for nearly two weeks. i
Big Siun for Honolulu Charity.
HONOLULU. Jan. 6. — Gifts aggre
gating more than $30,000 have been
made to local institutions by Mrs. J.
B. Atherton in accordance with the
expressed desires of her late husband,
whose will contained a clause directing
her to carry out the charities shown
In conversations to be his desire. The
Hawaiian Evangelical Association, the
Young Men's Christian Association,
the Kawaiahao Seminary Association
and the American Relief Society are
the chief beneficiaries.
John Young Brown Is Dead.
* HENDERSON. Ky.. Jan. 11. — For
mer Governor John Young Brown
died to-day. He was prominent as a
statesman and soldier. In 1S75, while
Congressman he became widely
known through a denunciation of
General Benjamin F. Butler who, as
military governor of Xew Orleans, r^-as
distasteful to the Southern «people.
For this speech Governor Brown re
ceived a vote of censure. H« was one
of the first men to take a stand against
the merger of competing railroads.
NEW REPUBLIC MAY* GROW.
Island of San Andres Seeks Annexa
tion to Panama.
COLON, Jan. 11. — The schooner
Herald, which arrived here yesterday
afternoon from Bocas del Toro,
brought a commissioner from the isl
and of San Andres, who will endeavor
to obtain the annexation of San Andres
to the republic of Panama, owing to
the dissatisfaction of the Inhabitants
of the Island at the recent oppressive
actions on the part of the Colombian
authorities. The commissioner went
to Panama this afternoon to confer
with the Junta. He says 400 Colom
bian troops are now in garrison on the«
islands of San Andres and Provlde'nce
and that more soldiers are expected
momentarily. *
The dissatisfaction, he adds, is gen
eral throughout the islands. During
the past few weeks no less than $18,
000 has been collected by means of the
property tax, which the inhabitants
are ndt In a position to meet, but
which they have been compelled to
pay. Several families have already
migrated to Bocas del Toro; conse
quently the ports of Providence and
San Andres are now closed. Coast
ing vessels are not alowed to leave.
This does not apply to American ves
sels trading with San' Andres. The
commissioner, who is a seafaring man,
left San Andres ; surreptitiously at
night time in a small schooner bound
for Bocas del Toro.
Many of those who desire the an
nexation of San Andres to Panama de
clined to sign the/petition, fearing the
possible consequences. _.
Panama is desirous .of annexing
San. Andres and Providence, but*lt is
believed that steps in that direction
"Custer's Last Battle" in Kansas
State Capitol Building Is
.Mutilated.
UNKNOWN* MISCREANT
DESTROYS A PICTURE
TOPEKA, Kans., Jan. 11. — Some
one unknown entered the historical
room In the State Capitol to-day and
cut a section eight Inches long by six
wide out of the center of the picture
"Custer's Last Battle." which Miss
Blanche Boles, a follower of Mrs.
Carrie Nation, attacked with an ax
on Saturday. Miss Boies, who was ar
rested last week, but released prompt
ly on bail, said that she intended to
totally destroy the picture, which she
said should be removed because it was
the gift of a brewing firm.
Diamond Thief Convicted.
HONOLULU, Jan. 5. — Benjamin
Gallagher, former coachman for Col
onel Samuel Parker and who was ar
rested on a charge of committing 1 the
diamond robbery of August 1, by
which Colonel and Mrs. Parker lost
Jewelry valued at over $10,000, plead
ed guilty this morning in the Circuit
Court and was sentenced by Judge
Robinson to two years' hard labor.
•Hugh Rooney, who was charged with
receiving the stolen goods, was not
prosecuted. The Jewelry was all re
covered when Gallagher was arrested.
WOULD LI3IIT THE
RAILROAD PRIVILEGES
Senator Heyburn Wants Congress to
Set Aside Even Numbered Sec
tions for Individuals.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 11. — Senator
Heyburn introduced in the Senate to
day a resolution directing the stay of
all proceedings now pending on any
application to enter or patent even
numbered sections owned by any rail
road within the limits of forest re
serves created by legislative order.
Railroad companies and individuals
have been compelled to surrender
public lands within the territory set
aside by the President for forest re
serves and are selecting land outside
of such reservations in place of the
land surrendered. Senator Heyburn's
resolution declares the intention of
Congress to be that railroad com
panies shall not receive as grants any
even numbered sections of the public
lands and that all such even numbered
sections, should be reserved for indi
vidual settlement.
Teachers From Stanford.
HONOLULU, Jan. 5.— George A.
Richmond, a graduate of Stanford,
and Miss Catherine Lynch of the Uni
versity of California have been ap
pointed teachers In the Honolulu High
School. The former is to teach sci
ence and the latter English and his
tory.
Complete gas ranges set up ready, for
use. $11, at San Francisco Gas and Elec
tric Co., 415 Post st. • -
Captain Hobson's Jlother Dying.
DENVER. Jan. 11. — A special to
the News from Boulder, Colo., says
the mother of Captain Richmond
Hobson is dying at the home of Shir
ley Davis of Boulder, and her son has
been telegraphed to come. Mrs. Hob
son is 60 years of age and has been
an invalid for twenty years.
NORFOLK, Va., Jan. 11. — The Brit
ish bark Glencova, which stranded on
Pebble Shoal, was blown into deep
water this afternoon by an unexpected
change in the wind and will proceed
to Baltimore. She Is practically un
injured. . . • •. . . ¦ . j. ¦
Architects, builders and contractors
who are up to date are specifying: gas
heating appliances for modern buildings.
COLONEL M. T. HERRICK
INAUGURATED GOVERNOR
Many Thousands Witness the For
mal Installation of Chief Execu
tive of Ohio.
COLUMEL'S, Ohio, Jan. 11. — The
inauguration of Colonel Myron T. Her
* rick as Governor to-day was witnessed
by an unsual number of people. Short
. Jy before noon Governor Nash and the
joint legislative committee, with Troop
C of Cl<jreJand. of which the new Gov
* crnor formerJy was a member,
oscorted Colonel Herrick to the Capi
tol, where he took the oath of office.
After being congratulated by ex
• Governor Nash and the Chief Justice.
Governor Herrick delivered his inaug
ural address to a largre assemblage. At
the conclusion of the address Governor
Herrick, accompanied by ex-Governor
Nash and the State officials, took his
place in the inaugural parade. There
were fully 10.000 men in line.
".The Beauty Shop" Is Given Its First
Presentation at Fischer's and '
Is Heartily Applauded.
"The Beauty Shop" was given Its
first presentation at Fischer's Theater
last night and the frequent applause
with which the piece was greeted at
every turn was a tribute to the talents
of local composers who,' evolved the
lyrics and music of the farce. J. C.
Crawford and Miss Ada Clement have
every reason to be proud of their ef
forts, for the production is one of if
not the best that has ever been given
at this playhouse, or will be as soon
as the second and third acts are whip
ped into as -good shape as the first.
The material is there and all that is
necessary is, for the performers to per
fect themselves in their several parts.
Miss. Helen Russell; the new leading
lady, made an unmistakable hit from
the moment that the tones of her mag
nificent voice were heard in the first
number, "Navajo." until they were
given full play in a- waltz song by
Strauss. Her voice Is flexible, well cul
tivated and under splendid control, and
she is most generous of a splendid high
note, of which she sang no less than
six in her first song. Her rendition of
"Comin* Thro* the Rye" was a gem in
its way and she was compelled to re
peat it no less than three times, and
then the audience was loth to let her
go. Her dramatic powers suffered
sc-mewhat, most likely from, the fact
that she was nervous and probably
tired from a rehearsal which did not
end until an hour before the regular
performance began. 6he is handsome
and wears some gowns that were great
ly admired.
John Peachey, the new leading man,
proved a valuable acquisition to the
company with his pleasing barytone
voice, which he used to advantage in
"Obstinate Lizzie May," one of Miss
Clement's best musical bits In the piece.
Peachey earned the favor of the audi
ence at once and in every way de
served it. * .•"">.
Georgia O'Ramey demonstrated her
versatility as "Sapho Sweeney" in a
make-up " that was so ugly that one
marvels how such a pretty girl can
transform herself into such a hideous
creature. Miss O'Ramey is so homely
(In the play) that the same one could
wish that Madame Voluptia, the beau
ty doctor (Miss Russell), would . us'e
some. of her art to beautify her before
the end of the last act. Miss O*Ramey's
specialty with Ben Dillon, who plays
Professor Hercules Branagan, was one
of the successes of the piece, which
were many. Dillon's boxing bout with
Pugsy McGurk was excruciatingly
funny."
Kolb and Dill arp names to conjure
with, and it is needles3 to say that they
lived up to their reputations as German
comedians per excellence in the parts
of C. Schwa bber Pilsener and Jay Bier
pump Culmbacher, the latter the presi
dent of the pretzel trust. The audience
rose to the occasion when Dill entered
as the thin man and Kolb as the fat
man after treatment in Madame Volup
t'ia's establishment, for it was then that
Dill turned the tables on Kolb and ad
ministered a succession of kicks on his
stomach in return for the many he had
received from his partner in the past.
The. audience was hysterical when Dill
blurted, ..out, "You did this to. me' for
years; now I get back at you." Allen
Curtis also did good work as Jay Gould
and helps in tho fun to a large extent.
,The Althea twin sisters are clover, and
their singing of "My Chocolate Cream,"
with the dance accompaniment, was
gracefully done.. The chorus displayed
a variety of pretty costumes in the
numbers "We're Being Educated,",
"Along the Line," "Matutinal Medley"
and "Gathering Shells." The local al
lusions were comical and tickled the
risibilities of the audience. The staging
of the piece was excellent. : . ,
LOCAL COMPOSERS EVOLVE
A CLEVER MUSICAL FARCE
Asks Knox for an Accounting.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 11.— -In the
House to-day Jenkins, chairman of the
Judiciary Committee, called np the
resolution requesting the Attorney
General; to supply information as to
what money had been expended under
the act providing for the enforcement
of the Sherman anti-trust law, favor
ably reported by the committee,, but
amended so as to make It read "In so
far as it Is 'not incompatible with the
interest of the public." It was adopted
without debate and without division.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
'OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Many Postoffice Commissions Are Is
sued for California, Oregon and
Washington.
"WASHINGTON. Jan. 11. — Postoffice
discontinued January 14: Washing
ton — Lake, Asotin County, mail to
Cloverland.
Postmasters commissioned: Cali
fornia — Charles L. Hopkins, Porno;
Arthur C. Horvie, Ryde; George P.
Baley. Tollhouse.
Fourth class postmasters appointed:
California — Maurice Lawton, Lump
kin, Butte County, vice Charles H.
Dickerson, resigned; Charles A.
Bump, Orosi, Tulare County, vice
Belle M. Antrim, resigned; Herbert
Wilhelmi, Preston, Sonoma County,
vice Stella M. Green, resigned; Charles
B.- Bryant. Sawyers Bar, Siskiyou
County, vice Silas H. Cirdsall, de
ceased.
Oregon — Alice' Baker, Ash, Douglas
County, vice Charles L. Parker, re
signed.
YALE MEN* OPPOSE TREATY.
Twenty Citizens Present Anti-Panama
Petition to Senator Hoar.
NEW HAVEN, Conn., Jan. 11.—Twen
ty prominent citizens of New Haven,
headed by Professor Theodore S. Wool
sey, professor of international law at
Yale University, have signed and for
warded to Senator George F. Hoar a
petition asking that the Senate defer
ratification of the Hay-Bunau Varilla
treaty and that this Government's ac
tion in Panama be subjected to careful
and deliberate Investigation. Among
the signers of the petition are Franklin
Carter, formerly president of Williams
College; Henry Wade Rogers, dean of
the Yale law school; Frank K. Sanders,
dean of the Yale divinity school; Pro
fessors William G. Sumner and John C.
Schwab of the department of political
economy at Yale University, Secretary
C. A. Lindsley of the State Board of
Health, the Rev. Dr. Newman Smythe,
the Rev. Watson L. Phillips and Thom
as Hooker, members of the Board of
Education, and Samuel ¦ L. Bronson,
formerly a Democratic candidate for
Governor of the State.
After declaring that there is a recog
nized body of law which ought to gov
ern the conduct of nations, irre
spective of their strength, the petition
says that a belief has arisen in the
minds of many In this country and
abroad "that in our dealings with the
state of Colombia we have violated and
are about to violate the rules of inter
national law, and that we are adopting
a line of conduct toward that country
which we would not have taken against
a stronger power."
The petition further says that the
fact of Colombia's comparative weak
ness should make us the more careful
to avoid the suspicion that we are mak
ing an unjust use of our greater power;
that the mere existence of such a sus
picion is' injurious to our honor and
self-respect, and concludes:
"We therefore respectfully ask that
before final ratification of the Hay-
Bunau Varilla treaty our action In
Panama be carefully and deliberately
Investigated, to the end not only that
this republic may do no wrong, but
that Its good reputation In the world,
which is dearer than any gain of lands
or trade, should suffer no loss."
WASHINGTON, Jan. 11.— Senator
P.latt of Connecticut says that he has
received no information concerning the
action of the New Haven residents who
have forwarded a petition to Senator
Hoar.
"They may have thought I would not
present the petition," Jocularly re
marked Senator Platt. He added:
"There is a very strong anti-Imperialist
In New Haven who is much opposed to
the ratification of the Panama treaty,
and possibly he inaugurated the move
ment."
REYES MAKES A THREAT.
May Publish Correspondence Between
Secretary Hay and Himself.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 11.— General
Reyes, the Colombian special Min
ister here, had an hour's conference
to-day with the Secretary of State at
the latter's home respecting the Pan
ama situation. He announced after
the Interview. • that he would leave
Washington, not expecting to return.
He departed for. New York to-night.
General Reyes, In his last note to
the State Department, threatened to
publish the correspondence between
himself and the State Department if
the department' did not see fit to send
it to the Senate or make it public. The
State Department ignored the threat.
Senator Morgan to-day Introduced a
concurrent resolution in the Senate
calling upon the President to proceed
under the terms of the Spooner act to
construct an isthmian canal on the
Costa Rican and Nicaraguan route.
The resolution went over, under the
rules.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BAKERSFIELD. Jan. 11.— Harry R.
Fletcher, a well-known employe of the
Kern County Land Company, who has
resided In Kern County for nearly four
teen years, was arrested last night by
Deputy Sheriff Tower on a charge of
murder. The arrest was made on an
order from Sheriff Dillard of Texar
kana, Ark. The crime is alleged to
have been committed nearly fifteen
years ago. Details are Jacking, but it
\j said that Fletcher, whose right name
is reported to be James R. Coffee, is
accused of killing his cousin. Fred Cof
fee, in Hemstead County, Arkansas, in
1SS7 or 1S8S, that he broke jail and ha3
been a fugitive from justice ever since.
Fletcher has been known for many
years in Bakersfleld. where he has been
more or less steadily employed by the
Kern County Land Company in -the
building department. He Is a carpenter
by trade. During his employment he
has been saving his money and he re
cently purchased from the land com
pany a house and lot oa E street, near
Twentieth. To this home .he lately
brought his mother, and sister. Mrs. B.
H. Bell, and more recently Mr. Bell,
who was residing in El Paso, joined
his wife here. Bell says that all was
not harmony in the household and that
Fletcher did not treat Mrs. Bell prop
erly. Resenting this alleged ill-treat
ment Bell notified the officers in
Bakersfleld and those in Texarkana
that J. R. Coffee, wanted for murder
at the latter place, was none other
than Harry R. Fletcher.
Fletcher was seen at the County Jail
this morning, but refused to make any
statement concerning the matter. So
far as -pertained to the alleged crime
he said:
"I have lived In Bakersneld and vicin
ity for fourteen years. I came here as
a boy and am now 29 years of age.
Everybody here knows what my con
duct has been and I want to be judged
by my record here."
Special Dispatch to The Call
NEW YORK. Jan. 11.— A preliminary
examination of John A. Benson was
begun before United States Commis
sioner Shields to-day, '.mis Is sup
plementary to the regular preliminary
examination held In Washington last
week and is under section 1420 of the
Revised Statutes of the United States,
providing that when a complaint un
der the Federal statute is made in any
district and Is certified to the district
in which the defendant Is apprehended
an examination shall be held to de
termine whether Buch complaint is
warranted by the evidence.
William R. Macy, chief clerk of the
United States Land Office in Wash
ington, was the chief witness for the
prosecution to-day. On cross-examina
tion he admitted that the two land
department clerks, Harlan and Vaik.
who were concerned In tne alleged at
tempted bribers*, acted In their respect
ive clerical capacities under verbal in-
Btructions from both the Secretary of
the Interior and Commissioner of the
General Land Office, there being no
written law enacted by Congress or
•written regulations prescribed by Con
gress defining their duties, and that
such oral instructions were liable to
change from day to day.
Joseph S. Campbell of San Francisco,
assisted by Frank M. Platt. son of
United States Senator Platt, and Philip
Mansfield of Washington, argued that
no crime had been committed because
no act had been perpetrated which was
prohibited by the written law of Con
gress or written land office regulations.
Three witnesses are here from San
Francisco — Messrs. Slack and Johnson
and Miss Doyle. They are from the
office of F. A. Hyde and will be ex
amined to-morrow, when some sensa
tional testimony is expected.
Special Correspondence of The Call.
HONOLULU. Jan. 5.— Consumption,
cigarettes and morphine were a com
bination which ended in the suicide at
the Hawaiian Hotel of William S. Han
cock, a youth of 20, who arrived here
recently, and was apparently a college
graduate of good family. With a mir
ror in one hand and a 45-caliber re
volver In the other he fired a bullet
through his head.
Hancock had plenty of good clothing
and Jewelr>\ but little money was
found among his effects. He Is said to
have been from New Orleans, and was
one of the liveliest passengers on the
last trip of the Ventura. He was an In
cessant cigarette smoker. The stubs of
twenty-eight cigarettes, thrown about
the room In which he finally ended his
consumptive sufferings, give testimony
to his indulgence in that habit to the
end. ,
Hancock was also a user of morphine
and this is thought to have contributed
to his depression. Several days ago he
was heard to say that he had not a
relative in the world. There is reason
to believe that this was part of a sui
cidal plan well thought out, with a
view to concealment of his real iden
tity. The suicide left little to show
where his relatives are, if he had any.
All that exists as clews to his identity
are his clothes, his name and his jew
elry. The cuff buttons bear a design
which appears to be of the Kappa-Ep
sllon Greek letter fraternity.
Hancock destroyed all his letters and
photographs before shooting himself.
Special - Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU, 14C6 G STREET, N.
W.. WASHINGTON, Jan. 11.—Repre
sentatives Metcalf, Needham and Gil
lette, at a conference to-day, at which
the need of relief to the United States
courts of California was discussed, de
cided to each introduce a bill to-mor
row making as many different provi
sions to the same end. .with a view that
all be referred to the Judiciary Com
mittee and there the whole problem be
threshed out and the plan most to be
desired adopted.
Metcalf's bill will provide for an ad-,
ditional District Judge to be appointed
by the President and having the same
powers and jurisdiction is the other;
the senior Circuit Judge of the Ninth
Circuit or the resident Circuit Judge
within the district to make all neces
sary arrangements, and for the assign
ments of cases for northern districts.
Needham's bill will provide for the
creation of a new district, to be known
as the Eastern District,- to include
counties contiguous to the capital city
and the court to sit in Sacramento.
Gillette's bill also will provide for a
new district, to be called the Eastern,
the court to sit in Oakland, preference
being given that city because . most of
the work of the court would be In the
circuit of San Francisco, and th? Judge
thus be near at hand.
Metcalf says he "does not see the ne
cessity of a new court with Its expense
for United States Marshal, clerk and
other officials, as he believes another
Judge will answer every purpose In re
lieving the stress of business.
Special Correspondence of The Call.
HONOLULU, Jan. 5.— After twenty
years of service the Kalakaua silver
has passed out of existence as legal
tender. Only about $815,000 of the
coin has been redeemed, and the re
maining $185,000 is worth only about
half of its face value, theoretically,
for with all the dire predictions in' the
United States of what might happen
If the backing of the Government Is
withdrawn from the silver dollar, the
Hawaiian coin' is worth just fs much
now as It ever was. The coin, how
ever, has a historic worth that will
always keep it above par.
Not a single dime was offered for
redemption. There were $25,000
worth of dimes originally brought to
Hawaii when Clans Spreckels had a
million dollars coined for King Kala
kaua in 1883. The dime didn't re
main in circulation long, for specu
lators saw a splendid opportunity to
make a little money on the side and
bought in the entire Issue of 10 -cent
pieces. After that the dimes could
only be obtained at a premium, and
they are Quoted now at 40 and 50
cents apiece. The remaining $160,000
which have not been offered for re
demption are probably scattered to
the four quarters of the globe. The
bulk of it has been used in the man
ufacture of jewelry — pins, cuff but
tons, belts, buckles, etc. — while a
good many thousands of dollars'
worth of the coin Is believed to have
been melted in the big Chinatown
fire. All the jewelers have laid in an
extra supply of the coin within the
past few months, and probably sev
eral thousand dollars are tied ud in
this way. Collectors of coins have
also invested largely in the Hawaiian
silver, and although intrinsically the
money is not worth more than 50
cents on the dollar, the chances are
that no Hawaiian dollars will be pur
chased at less than 100 cents on the
dollar. It is more probable that all
the coins will be at a premium
within a few years.
Domestic Discord Results in a
Sensational Charge xVbout Al
leged Fifteen-Year-Old Crime
Dead 3Ian W T as an Inveterate
Smoker and His Death Is
Attributed to Despondency
House Committee Will Pass
Upon Them and Select the
One Considered the Best
Small Pieces Command High
Prices and Dimes Are Being
Sold for Fifty Cents Each
Three Witnesses Summoned
From San Francisco Will Be
Called to the Stand To-Dav
SHERIFF CAUSES ARREST
SENSATION IS EXPECTED
THREE SCHEMES PROPOSED
SPECULATORS ARE ACTIVE
WAS STRANGER IX CITY
Supplementary Hearing Is Be
gun Before United States Com
missioner Shields in New York
Relative of Bakersfleld Resident
Dcclares'That Land Company
Employe Committed a Murder
Lad Believed to Be William
S. Hancock Commits Suicide
in a Hotel at Honolulu
Metcalf, Needham and Gillette
\ Plan Measures Affecting Fed
eral Judiciary in California
Kalakaua Silver No Longer
Legal Tender, but Thousands
Have Not Been Redeemed
at the present moment would be Inop
portune.
The United States marines encamp
ed at Empire and Bas Obispo are kept
busy cleaning up the grounds sur
rounding the camps, . which are lo
cated on a healthy hill close to the
railroad. The marines also have
cleaned the canal company's houses.
Owing to the. insufficient number of
houses, about 200 of the marines are
camping in tents. This is now permis
sible, as the dry season has set in.
The marine officers are anxious to
study the trails leading toward the
camps from Porto Bello. One party
of thirteen men came into Baa Obispo
recently after having covered seventy
miles across a mountainous country
in six days. Another and similar ex
pedition will set out from Porto Bello
in a'day or two under the command of
Captain Louis M. Little.
¦ « . ¦ •
Senate Tables Morgan's Motion to Recon
sider Confirmation of W. I. Buchanan's
Nomination to the Post of Minister
WASHINGTON. Jan. 11.— The Sen
ate in executive session to-day laid on
the table the motion to reconsider the
confirmation of the nomination of W.
I. Buchanan to be Minister to Panama.
The vote was 28 to 16, divided on party
lines, with the exception of Senator
McCreary (Democrat of Kentucky),
who voted with the Republicans. By
this action Buchanan now has full pow
ers to act for this Government in all
diplomatic exchanges between the
United States and the new republic.
The motion to "reconsider the confirma
tion was made before the holidays by
Senator Morgan, thus withholding for
three weeks Buchanan's commission as
Minister. In the meantime Buchanan
had arrived on the isthmus, where he
occupied the position of private citizen,
except for a special commission to act
as the personal representative of the
President in gathering Information
concerning existing conditions there.
Senator Morgan took the floor when
the Senate went into executive session.
.He made a general protest against the
confirmation of Buchanan as Minister
on the ground that* the position to
which the President had made the ap
pointment was not in existence at the
time the appointment was made and
could not be created without the co
operation of the Senate. Senator
; Spooner answered for the Republicans.
i He cited numerous authorities and pre
cedents in support of the President's
action.
Senator Allison also spoke briefly in
support of the administration and Sen
ators Bacon and Culberson favored the
Democratic contention. The motion to
lay Morgan's motion on the table was
made by Lodge.
KANAKA COINS
AT A PREMIUM
JOHN A. BENSON
AGAIN IN COURT
SAYS THE MAN
ENDED A LIFE
PRESIDENT'S PANAMA
POLICY IS SUSTAINED
USES PISTOL;
DIES UNKNOWN
BILLS TO GIVE
COURTS RELIEF
THE, SAN , FRANCISCO .CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 12, 1904.
3
Docs the Schilling's Best
money back offer ever get
taken? Yes.
On what complaint? The
flavoring extracts, for instance,
are 2 to 30 times as strong ::•
fcsual. Said to be inconvenient.
AP V K K.TISEMENTS.
if Brand M
H Evaporated m
ii ©ream. If
!|| bears the above cap label. j|||
K*3 Contains fully as much ml
a food substance per can as J|||
|a the vatery Imitations*in w|g
||| It is smooth and perfect m
I J9 because skillfully, pre- WM
/Sam pared. Its purity Is jpjjffli
Sweaters for half their worth
/Sjijfes: The other day on looking over our sweater stock we found
iiiiiSim at e heavy holiday purchasing had reduced several lines to
lls|i broken assortments. What is left contains an extensive number
°^ co ' or combinations, but there is scarcely a size containing all
\w£/ colors; everybody's is represented, however.
k J&£3§& or ese °b VIOUS reasons we h av e
1 flrSi' reduced the remaining sweaters to a
j | i w^Sl * price that will sell them at once.
J&k lliiia e ave P ut e d'ff erent lines in
yM two ' ots> as (^ escr " 3ec ' below:
lit /^^-^^^^^^h All-wool sweaters, well finished,
Jp .' :>^K^S^^^^^ ast c °l° rs > suc h as nav y> black, garnet,
;K.aK r^'" >> *JPi oxford and fancy striped effects, in
handsome combinations; the latest
W^^ :: '^Ml Wa pineapple stitch; the assortment is
V • \ broken, but there are colors enough to
/^^^S^^ %" i su^ a^ tastes; the sweaters were
S" Mm fi\\M- fl $h2 >' $1 - J0 " and S1 - 8J » the closin g-
wiF fv-J ?' ! an( ? finished, in plain shades-and hand-
W w\ 1 1 some combination designs; fast col-
W fcl^i ; ors> such as carc * ina1 ' black, navy,
r !!»&¦# slate, etc.; these sweaters will hold
jjfpff their shape well through continual
Mm if service; the assortment is incomplete,
Mai! Orders C^ \l \kl{\ £\ Y\ p flf\ Mail Orders
Filled- O^lllllllJ A)|y Given Prompt
Write To- Day I V .;;* g " *** Attention
740 Market StreetMarriage Licenses.
brick and timber for 300 feet. Frank
Pickle,' a pumper, was , seriously in
jured about the eyes and will proba
bly.lose his sight. Mrs. Ball, -wife of
the "superintendent, and two; employes
of. the company were at ± the pump
house at_ the, time and 1 had a remark
able* escape from death.
Oil Company's Boiler Houses at Mc-
Kittrick Are Demolished, but Only ;
. ,\6ne Man Is Injured.
BAKERSFIELD, Jan. 11.— The
boiler at the Kern River Oil Com
pany's plant at McKittrick explode'd
to-day with terrific force, demolishing
two boiler ' houses and hurling iron,
WOSIEN' AND WORKMEN '
• ESCAPE FROM EXPLOSION
Mrs. Caroline Meyers, wife of the
Rev. W. F. Meyers, pastor of the Ger
man Methodist Church, "died yester
day, at the age of 55 years. V
OAKLAND,, Jan. 11. — Frank J.
Schullerts, a member of Cosmopolitan
Lodge No. 194, I. O. O. F., aged 63
years, died Saturday at his home, 138
Louisa street, leaving a wife and
three sons. Frank O. t Arthur W. and
Bernard P. Schullerts. ,
Deaths In Oakland.
"Mrv Sidney M. Van Wyck Jr. of the
Bella vVieta has , issued r cards -. for. the
third and fourth Mondays.' :
The Walter Martins arrived last
night. What a stir that will make
among the smart set! As Mrs. Eleanor
Martin is something of an arbiter in
matters of social prestige, it is a good
guess that society will, get busy enter
taining her charming and vivacious
daughter-in-law. . 4
To-night the Whlttells win give a
dance at their home, 1155 California
street, in honor of their niece from
Gotham. "The affair promises to be
very smart. . . .
The Mills Club meets to-day at the
Sorosis Club rooms, when a reception
will be tendered the past presidents.
Mrs. McGanley, the clever reader, will
entertain. > ; . .
last night at St. Mary's, "when the stun
ning Miss Sara* Elizabeth Rattigan be
came the bride of Paul J. Regan. The
families of both bride and groom have
long been identified. with the commer
cial development of the city. A recep
tion was held &X the home of the
bride's mother, when the' happy pair re
ceived many warm greetings.' After a
honeymoon trip Mr. and Mrs. Regan
will set up' their household god3 in this
city. ,
WASHINGTON, Jan. 11.— In view of
the recent testimony of Charles M.
Schwab before the c ,urts that the Car
negie and Bethlehem Steel companies
had always had an. understanding with
the Navy Department as to the price
of- armor before their bids were sub
mitted the House Committee on Naval
Affairs to-day authorized an additional
question on this point tp be submitted
to Rear Admiral O'Neill, who in his
testimony before the committee last
week stated that he believed tfrere had
been understandings between these
companies regarding their bids.
Admiral O'Neill now." has his testi
mony before him for revision, and the
committee requested that he include
in It a full statement as to the Navy
Department's side of this matter- and
to state specifically whether Schwab's
statement is true in so far as it re
fers to the Navy Department.
. NEW YORK. Jan. 11.— The $10,000,000
issue of United States and Shipbuild;
ing mortgage and collateral bonds]
nearly all of . which . are .owned by
Charles M. Schwab, and are deposited
with the. Standard, Trust Company,
were to-day made a part of the evi
dence In the foreclosure proceedings
instituted by the New York Security
and Trust Company, and Mr. Schwab,
against the United States Shipbuilding
Company, and James Smith Jr., the
receiver. To avoid carrying the three
bundles of bonds, which weigh .alto
gether about , 500 pounds, through the
streets to the Federal building, United
States Examiner Shields held a session
at the office of the Standard .Trust
Company, where the bonds .were pre
sented for identification. S^^
Statement by Schwab During
the Shipyard Trust Hearing
Calls for an Investigation
Another nuptial ceremony took place
One of the most 'elaborate dinners
of the season was given last night by
Mr. and Mrs. Alexander Wilson at
their home on Broadway. It was an
other of the multitudinous tokens of
friendship and congratulation that
have been showered upon Miss Mabel
Cluff and Jack Wilson. Surely they
have been amply congratulated. And
there are | more coming.
The / decorations breathed beatific
ally of springtime— the season when
nature does her wooing. Sweet aza
leas, the pink blooms of the Tamal
pais canyons, were used profusely and
with refreshing splendor.
Those» who toasted the , health
and. happiness of the young people
were: Mr. and Mrs. William Cluff,
Mr. and Mrs. George Downey, Mr.
and Mrs. Henry Dutton, Mrs. Macfar
lane. Miss Bessie Wilson, Miss Pearl
Landers,* Miss Helen /Wagner, Miss
Helen de Youns, Miss Constance de
Young, Miss Jennie Blair, Miss Flor
ence Bailey, Miss Frances Harris,
Miss Helen Pettlgrew, Miss Kathryn
Herrin, Miss Gertrude Campbell. Miss
Gertrude Dutton, Edgar Mizner, Ed
ward M. Greenway, Clarence Follis,
George Field, Richard M. Hotallng,
J.'Howell, Judge Kerrigan, Frank
Owen, Reddick Duperu; . Lieutenant
Kuznik. U. S. A.; Percy. King, Gerald
Buckley, William Smith, Douglas
Waterman and Athole McBean.
?' * *
A wedding of note took place last
flight at the Sorosis Club rooms, when
Miss Louise Heppner, daughter 'of Mrs.
Charles H. Wilson, was united to Mil
ton Unger by the Rev. Bradford Leav
it. The clubrboms, -n always inviting,
were amply decorated with berries and
red | tarletan, with a beautiful bell of
ripe berries in the window, where the
service was read. The wedding was
rather in the nature of a family affair —
a certain' sanctity clinging to such un
ostentatious ceremonies. But to the re
ception that . followed 300 invitations
had been issued.. Many very smart
gowns were seen at the reception. Those
who witnessed the ceremony were Miss
Florence Dennigan, Miss May Sharon,
Miss Augusta Joseph!, Miss Mabel Hen
dy, Miss Hilda Bruns, Miss Ethel Hen
dy. Miss' Laura Farnsworth, Miss 'Alice
Hunter, Miss Florence LItsher, Miss
Daisy Burns, Miss. Grace Unger, A. E.
Weber, Oscar Barber, Eugene Unger,
Dr. W. Likens, Dr. Derby, A. Calne,
Dr. Parent, J: Gould, Major Morrow,
U. S. A., and Herbert Larch. _
Merrily on goes the whir and whirl.
Dignified dinners, gay dances, giddy
teas and serious weddings — there's
always a tearin the joy at a wedding
— keep the maids and matrons busy —
aye, even 'to working overtime. -Tired?
They don't look it, not one whit.- -
Where could you find a bouquet of
rosier, gayer girls than flocked —
that's- just the word; as they always
Uppear in covies — into the Palace on
Saturday afternoon after the mati
nee? Mrs. John D. Spreckels Jr. had
entertained them at the Orpheum, after
ward taking them to the grill for lunch
eon. Among the radiant bunch were
the bride-to-be, Miss Mabel Cluff, in
whose honor the affair was given;
Miss Helen de Young-, Miss Constance
de Young, Miss Helen Wagner, Miss
Pearl Landers and Miss Ethel Hager.
That was a stunning rfg worn by
Miss Hager — a short gray gown of
some soft stuff with a silver gray,
long-fibered coat, and a toque and
muff to match. Those short gowns
for dress affairs are portentous or
the tendencies of the season. They
may lack elegance, but they possess
the adorable virtues of being sane
and sanitary.
• • *
By Sally Sharp.
MERRY SOCIETY
FlNDS PLENTY
OF AMUSEMENT
George Osbourne Jr. was engaged to
be married to Miss Eugenie Haydeh,
a prominent actress, who^is a member
of the same company in which the actor
was playing this season.
The deceased was held In the highest
esteem by a host of friends and he
gave every promise of attaining a dis
tinguished position in his profession.
The deepest sympathy is felt for the
parents of the young actor, who were
devotedly attached to their son.
The body of the deceased will be sent
to this city and will be interred at
Oakland.
When Charles Frohman sent Powers'
Chinese play, to New York and London
George Osbourne Jr. was engaged as a
member of the company. Returning
from, London Charles Frohman engaged
the young actor for the Empire Theater
company of New York City and the
young man made his first New York
appearance in the role of Bottashe in
"The Conquerors." He continued un
der Frohman's management and was
in the original cast of "Mrs. Dane's
Defense" as the leading juvenile. He
was the understudy for William Faver
sham in the principal character in the
play of "Brother Officers" and was seen
as John Hynes when the company
played in Boston and other cities. Last
summer he was a member of a stock
company at Albany, N. Y., and was the
recipient of nattering criticisms. This
season he joined Charles Richman as
leading man in the play of "Captain
Barrineton" and made a pronounced
hit. : > ¦:.• V
George Osbourne' Jr., the only son of
George Oebourne, the well-known ac
tor, now playing In this city, died early
yesterday morning in Detroit, Mich.,
after a. short illness.
The news of the death of George Os
bourne Jr. was received by his father
yesterday afternoon while the latter
was attending a'rehearsal at the Alca
zar Theater. The sad information was
a terrible shock to the father of the
young actor, as he had received a let
ter from his son only two hours before
saying that he was in the best of health
and recounting the pleasant Christmas
he had spent.
Although the management of the Al
cazar Theater desired Mr. Osbourne not
to appear last night the actor insisted
on doing so, and but few of the audi
ence realized that the player's gayety
was only on the surface and that he
was bowed with deep grief.
George Osbourne Jr. was born twen
ty-six, years ago -in Virginia City > and
was educated at a Catholic college at
Eureka. His father and his mother,
both players, were opposed to their son
going' on the stage and desired him to
follow, some other profession. V.
t The^ young man, however, was in
sistent, and without his father's knowl
edge secured an engagement with the
J. M. Ward company, appearing In
repertoire on the Pacific Coast. After
two seasons the young man induced
his father to use his influence and
young Osbourne was engaged as a
member of the Alcazar Theater com
pany. He made his first appearance
at the Alcazar in a i>roductl6n ot
"Rosedale" and also in Francis Powers'
play, "The First Born."
DEATH CALLS
YOUNG ACTOR
IN THE EAST
The last order of * business for " the
afternoon was the . selection of an ex
ecutive" committee composed of the
presidents of State organizations.
It was suggested that the relief
Bought by the sheepmen would* be at
tained could they secure the passage
of the bill now pending in Congress
transferring the executive control of
public lands to the Department of Agri
culture from the Department of the In
terior, for the argument was that the
former department knows the nature
of the lands and would work In har
mony with the sheepmen.
Professor Gifford, chief of the Bu
reau of Forestry, was introduced to
the convention and explained thie policy
of the Government relative to public
land that it is proposed to follow if
the executive control of foresUreserves
Is placed in the hands of the Depart
ment of Agriculture. He stated that
the desires of the sheepmen as they
have been exoressed during the con
vention would influence the Govern
ment's policy. The intention of < the
Government, he said, is to permit the
etockmen to use ranges under regula
tions to be determined upon, so.%that
exclusive, ranges j may be afforded la*r
abldlng sheep -raisers for use so long as
they observe ..the regulations f or ' the
protection of the reserves. He said (he
Government was ready to meet the
sheepmen and make ¦ such agreements
as will be to the benefit of, all.
The action of the railroads in leasing
out public land grants for use as range
grounds was pointed out and it was
argued that the Government could do
likewise with profit to itself and to the
inestimable benefit of the sheepmen.
In a few words the expressed desire
of the sheepmen is that the Government
shall adopt a broader and more liberal
plan in relation to public lands. The
sheepmen want permission, to use the
reserves for grazing, subject to such
regulations as the Government may see
fit to adopt for the protection of the
forest reserves. These views on the
public land policy that should be adopt
ed were given before the convention for
the purpose of supplying Information
as to the desires of the wool growers
to Professor Gifford Pinchott and F. H.
Newell,' President Roosevelt's commis
sion appointed to consult with the
stockmen on this matter. -These repre
sentatives of the Government were
present.
PLANS FOR RELIEF.
The attention of the convention was
then directed to the condition of the
! range sheep' industry,' in the,- States', of
Arizona, California, Colorado, Idaho.
;f Montana, Oregon,: Washington .and
Utah. . Representative "sheep raisers of
•(hose States gave brief reviews of the
conditions in their respective States.
These talks were devoted particularly
to the public land question. The con-
I sensus of opinion was that the Gov
ernment in setting . aside extensive
ferest reserves for the purpose of aid
ing irrigation and bettering natural
water 'supplies was going to the ex
treme and cutting down the ranges* to
j an unwarranted degree.
The speakers asserted that the in-
J terests of the sheepmen are suffering
and many are being forced out of busi
ness by the infringement on grazing
lands. While they admitted the neces
sity of preserving the watersheds, they
were of the opinion that this erld could
be accomplished and the interests of
the sheepmen be taken care of at the
same time. .
the fact that the amendment permit
ted organizations of sheepmen to mem
bership ln the Wool Growers' Associa
tion. The suggestion was made by the
secretary that the change in the consti
tution be ratified.
The crowded condition of public lands
and the encroachment upon ranges by
Government forest reserves was refer
red to. The report stated that this con
dition had resulted in the last year in
a large number of sheep raisers being
forced out of business.
Just before adjournment for lunch
eon Senator Warren announced that
President Roosevelt had sent his greet
ings and best wishes to the conven
tion. The announcement was received
with prolonged applause.
The afternoon session showed a larg
er attendance than the morning. The
real business of the day was taken up
when the committee on credentials re
ported and the constitution was
brought up for adaption. The only
change of importance in the new docu
ment was in the membership clause
admitting organizations of sheep rais
ers to membership in the Wool Grow
ers' Association. The committee on cre
dentials renorted, recommending that
the official roster of membership be the
roll call of the convention, and that
the representatives of the associations
be allowed the full vote of their asso
ciations. The, report was adopted.
When the matter of the adoption of
the constitution was put to a vote it
was sustained unanimously.
CONDITIONS ON RANGES.
Captain Hall of the Holyoke was not
even informed by Captain Roberts of
the condition of the Clallam and his
first knowledge that she was In Im
minent peril was when Captain Rob
erts, just before his vessel sank, sig
naled the Holyoke to cut the towllne
and stand by to pick up the people
about to be hurled into the sea.
3ELLINGHAM, Wash.. Jan. H.—
The young^woman Hst-d 'among the
drowneU from the steamer ClaUarr. as
"Miss Spencer, residence unknown,"
¦vras Miss Hattie Moore of this city.
How she came to be registered as Miss
Spencer Is not known.
Criticism of Captain Roberts is be
coming general in all the Sound cities,
particularly in Seattle and Victoria.
No one attempts to explain or excuse
the apparent lack of Judgment ln put
ting off the lifeboats laden with women
and children on the stormy sea fully
ten hours before the steamer went
down, or the failure to Immediately
transfer the remaining passengers to
the tug Holyoke as soon as she ap
proached the Clallam several hours
later.
H. M. S. Grafton left Esquimalt this
morning and went to the scene of the
Clallam wreck. It was the purpose of
the Grafton's commander, If the wreck
of the Clallam did not lie at too great
a depth, to send down divers In an ef
fort to recover the mails and any bod
ies that may have been caught among
the debris. The Grafton had not re
turned to Esquimau at a late hour to
night, so that the result of the search
is not known. It is possible that she
may rerrjain in the vicinity of the
wreck for several days.
Mrs. Charles N. Cox and "John
Thomas, who have been carried in the
list of dead with residence unknown,
were residents of Ladysmlth, B. C.
They were sister and brother, and had
been visiting another sister in Car
bonado, Wash. The remains of Captain
Livingstone Thompson and C. P. John
son of Victoria, the latter being; tha
fifth of those taken to Port Townsend.
were removed to Victoria to-nrght.
The funerals c-f the Victoria victlm3
begin to-morrow. W. J. Harris, the
Spokane capitalist, accompanied by
friends, went to Victoria to-day to se
cure the remains of his daughter, Misa
Louise Harris, which were picked up
in the first lifeboat of the Clallam. The
body will be brought here to-morrow
and transshipped at once to- Spokane
for interment.
SEATTLE, Wash., Jan. 11. — No more
bodies of victims of the Clallam wreck
were discovered to-day # although the
erratic course followed by the disabled
steamer has been covered over and
over again by a dozen tugs. The in
ahore waters were searched by launches
and small boats, and the beaches near
Victoria and on San Juan and Whldby
islands have been patrolled by scores of
willing workers.
The thirteen bodies recovered Satur
day and Sunday have now been all
identified. The three women's bodies
unidentified at Victoria Sunday night
prove to be those of Mrs. Mary Rey
nolds of Seattle, Miss Hattle Moore of
Belllngham and Miss Minnie Murdoch
of Seattle. Miss Moore is believed to ba
the woman entered In the list of the
drowned as Miss Bellies. Miss Mur
doch has not been previously mentioned
among the pasaengers. She was the
daughter of R. Murdoch of Monroe,
Wash.. 18 years of age, and on her way
to visit friends in Victoria.
In the absence of Secretary Morti
mer Levering, the report of that offi
cial wag read by Assistant Secretary
Fred P. Jehnson. The report dealt
principally with the efforts to reorgan
ize the association under the revised
constitution. Attention was called to
GREETING FROM PRESIDENT.
PORTLAND, Or.. Jan. 11.— The con
vention of the National Wool Growers'
Association, which opened in this city
to-day, promises to be one of the most
important gatherings in the history- of
the organization. Questions of vital im
port to associations of sheepmen, indi
vidual raisers, the farmer and the live
stock man are being discussed. An ef
fort is being made to reorganize the as
sociation, to transform it from a mere
legislative bo$y Into a business, asso
ciation to protect and further the in
terests of its members.
The reconstruction was begun with
the adoption of an amended constitu
tion admitting lesser organizations and
associations to membership in the
parent body. The general expression of
sentiment is in favor of the sheepmen
getting the matter upon a more thor
ough business basis, that they may be
able to enjoy better success and be ln
a position to demand assistance when
it may be needed.
The condition of the range sheep in
dustry and the influence upon it by the
exclusion of sheep from forest reserves
was thoroughly discussed by repre
sentative sheep raisers from the ma
jority of the Western States. The sheep
men asked for a broader policy on the
part of the Government and the privi
lege of grazing upon reserves. Govern
ment representatives- promised the
adoption of a policy agreeing with that
outlined by the wool growers. During
the afternon resolutions were adopted j
asking Congress to pass the bill trans- j
ferrtng the executive control of reserves
from the Department of the Interior to
the Department of Agriculture.
To-morrow morning there will be a
joint session of the wool growers and
the National Live Stock Association,
at which a welcome will be extended
to the big convention on behalf of Ore
gon and Portland.
SENATOR WARREX SPEAKS*.
The convention was called to order in
the Baker Theater. United States Sen
ator Warren of Wyoming, president of
the Wool Growers' Association, pre
sided at .'the; opening session, and the
business of the convention was in
augurated with the reading of his an
nual address. He said in parU
The changes since 1SC3 in the wool growing
industry have brought about hew problems.
Among them is the adaptation of the Industry
to the public land laws with a view to foster
ing to the gr*at«trt degree the most important
industries affected. In for«»rt reservation mat
ters thpre- hae b^en friction and the patience of (
flock masters ha* b«n sorely trie-i. But thrre j
is a prospect of forr«ry matters being consoli
dated ln the Department of Agriculture and
for a satisfactory adjustment of many of the
troubles which have heretofore attended for
estry administration.
The Intercuts of the wool growers and wool
manufacturers are in the main neutral. There j
i* very little that the two can or should differ (
about, and a great lieal upon which both should {
ajree. In the matter of protection by means j
of tarifi for both there Ehould be no differences. J
ln the let 'station las* made upon the subject
end in rom:lderlnff dangers by way of legisla
tion or through treaties offered Vince, both as
rociationc have be*n a unit. In the matter of
rang* difficulties th»rc Is -nothing needtd by the
wool grower that shomld be antagonized by the
woo! manufacturer.
! One matter in which there is an apparent
<ilfr>renpe of opinion is in the prevention of al
\rgcd fraudulent sales of woolen goods. The
Vool manufacturer*, while not taking open is-
Rie. are yet known to be fearful that the jjro
poaed "sheddy biif mirht inflict hardships and
jjerhapa Impossibilities upon the manufacturers
'without, as they think, reaching the desired
rerrwdy. We are reasonably certain that the
present protective larlfT legislation will not be
disturbed, and therefore we apprehend no vio
lent or sudden change in the industry. With
comparative freedom from apprebension on this
•»core we have time and inclination to seek bet
ter methods of preparing the wool for market.
and more satisfactory methods of marketing
in fact, we enter the year 1901 In condition
and with sentiment to improve and build up
and make permanently prosperous this great in
dustry.
National Association Begins Its
Annual Session and United
States Senator Warren of
Wyoming Delivers Address
Senator Scott. comments on the evi
dence Introduced tending to reflect di
rectly upon General Wood's character
aa a man by Impeaching hla Integrity
and veracity, and then, after summing;
up other, charges, says:
To my mind, a most grievous injustice has
been done in the preferment of General Wood
over, a hundred or more old army officers—of
ficers who won distinctions many bloody bat
tlefields — battlefields where more lives were lost
and more prisoners taken in one day than dur
ing the- entire Spanish- American war.
This I submit, was to me and must be to
every one perfectly monstrous. When did It
come about that this individual, a doctor in
civil life and a bloodless soldier, in battle, if
he ever saw a battle, has reached the exalted
position that he Ir unlike other people and Is
not to be accountable to any one, not even to
the. Senate of the United States, and will not
even honor it with his presence. Now, for my
part. I want to say that it is due to General
Wood, it is due to the people of the United
States, that he should not only explain, but
disprove many statements made in the evi
dence now here for consideration before con
firmation should be thought of. The fact that
he la willing to let this investigation go on
without personally meeting it like a man is in
Itself strong evidence, to my mind, that he Is
not made. of material that goes to make up sol
diers such as we need for our major generals
and. chiefs of staff. > — .¦
NOT ABOVE THE SENATE.
At the conclusion of the evidence of General
Wilson, the Junior Senator from Ohio. Mr.
Hanna asked that General Wood be brought
before the committee of this body having this
investigation in charge, to the end that he
might answer the allegations and accusations
made against him and relieve himself from the
unjust (as his friends claim to be the case) im
putations and criticisms made against his
character, and quite a colloquy ensued, it be
ing claimed by some of his champions that
there was no reason' for him to be heard; that
nothing had been proved against him; that
there was nothing for him to answer; in a
word, that he -was self-vindicated.
Referring to the conduct of General
Wood toward his superior officer. Gen
eral Brooke, Senator Scott says that
no impartial person •¦ can,- review the
evidence without reaching the conclu
sion that the charge of disloyalty is
fully established.
In reference to the support siven by
General Wood to gambling games
played in the Jai Alai Company's "fron
ton." Senator Scott says it is shown
by the testimony that General Wood
was a habitual attendant of the game,
especially spending his Sundays there,
on which days the betting reached as
high as $50,000.
In closing his review Senator Scott
says : -
The testimony of General James H.
Wilson concerning the advancement of
General Wood is quoted at length, in
cluding that portion which asserts thaf
General Wood was not ln the battle
of San Juan. In reference to this the
review says:
This statement of General Wilson shows
clearly the natural, resentment that will ex
lBt if this great wrong is perpetrated upon
the army of the United States by the confirm
ation of General Wood, and its injurious effect
must necessarily be very great, affecting as
it dees the ambitions of scores of young men.
which must be nlj>p«l in the bud because of
the youth of General Wcod and the long time
that he may remain at the head of the army.
WOOD AND THE. GAMBLJ2RS.
The evidence ln this case quite clearly es
tablishes the fact that he wai appointed be
cause of his supposed capacity as a civil Gov
ernor, and there Is much to throw dtubt upon
the question of whether even his appointment
as a brisradler general was not regretted by
the President, and no one will believe that
Mr McKinley would ever think of promoting
him to a major generalship, certainly not in
the light of the present development.
Commenting on a statement in the
brief qf Senator Foraker calling atten
tion to the fact that it was President
McKinley who jumped General Wood
over hundreds of officers in the army.
Senator Scott says:
WASHINGTON, Jan. 11.— Senator
Scott of the Committee on Military
Affaire has submitted ln executive ses
sion of the Senate a review of the evi
dence introduced before the committee
in the hearing of the nomination of
General Wood to be a major general.
Senator Scott made a strong per
sonal argument to the Senate ln op
position to the appointment of General
Wood to be a major general. He pre
faced his remarks with the statement
that confirmation to so high a position
as that of major general should be
made with due deliberation, and the
person to be confirmed should be highly
qualified and ln every way worthy and
above suspicion. Concerning nomina
tions of this character Senator Scott
Bays:
The President, the appointive power, is the
comniander-ln-chief of the army and navy of
the United States, and appointments in either
of these come from tym to those under him
with peculiar force and power, in that what
he says to those under him is to them the
law, and even complaint or criticism on their
part are really acts of insubordination. These
officers and men. thus cut eft from the right
of complaint. hav» a peculiar claim to be
heard here in the matter of appointments af
fecting them, and it behooves every Senator
to exercise his very best Judgment and do his
utmost to throw every possible safeguard
around this class of appointment?, particularly
when the act of confirmation has the far
reaching effect that this one will have.
REPLIES TO FORAKER.
The acquittal by a customs o^urt of
W. D. Ballantyne. formerly customs in
spector, fivho was accused o* having
conspired to allow Chinese to enter the
Philippines illegally, virtually ends the
scandal connected with the American
consulate at Shanghai, which was al
leged to have issued or connived at the
issue of fatee certificates for Chinese.
MANILA, Jan. 11.— As resuK ol in
vestigations that have been going on
for some time, the constabulary have
arrested • seven officers of a would-be
insurrectionary organization Vhich was
inspired by the attitude of Artemio
Ricarte, the irreconcilable Filipino who
some time ago escapee 1 , from Guam,
whither he had been deported, and re
turned to Luzon. A quantity of docu
ments were captured.
Special Dispatch to The. Call
NEW HAVEN". Conn., Jan.' 11.—Wil
liam J. Bryan was the guest of honor
to-night at a banquet in Warner Hall,
at which about 150 Democrats were
present. Governor Garvin^of Rhode Isl
and and Congressman* de Armond of
Missouri were among the guests from
other States. The occasion took the
form of a celebration of Jackson day,
and was also declared by some of its
promoters to be intended as a sort of
prelude to the opening of the Presi
dential campaign in New England. Mr.
Bryan's topic was "A Conscience Cam
paign." He said in part:
The word "campaign" suggests warfare. It
is rood tactics to strike the ene:ny where he
ia weakest and to use the weaponB which are
most effective. The weak point of every bad
policy is that it sacrifices human rights to
selfish interests, and to-day to prove a sys
tem I of evil we* have . only to show
that It violates Hiat sense of justice
that is satisfied with ._ nothing less
than equal rights to all and special privi
leges to none the only appeal that Is perma
nent la its effectiveness and enduring in its
usefulness is the appeal to cAscienoe. and,
while it may seem weakness to the brutal and
folly to the sordid. It arouses a response that
Is at last irresistible.
If we would touch the consciences of others
we> must give evidence that our consciences
have been quickened. The great lsue at this
time is that between man and mammon, be
tween plutocracy and democracy. All sur
face questions of policy, of taxation, of regu
lation and of finance are but phases of that
century-long-, that world-w|de struggle be
tween the common people and' organized wealth.
i-£i "f Y *l , '£ dws not pay for a nation to
tin ! tl ? e rlBhta of the people of another na-
InnHi n Tf" *° much of add " lc n. subtraction,
multiplication and division that many get lost
Jna maie of mathematics. But to say that
tomt Wa ,*£ ° f " ln "^h" '« to give an epi
tome of history that accords with eagh per
wtof fin^ enCe -,.», ln , 1 ealing wlth the tru^tl.
aYi * th . Iabor P rob l e m» and with
fhlm r™£ <J u<? stior<s at issue .we must view
v^v.vn.»^T al "tandpolnt and arraisn
voured them, invoked a power mightier than
aau?3S.Tsaftj» ss *¦**
f« wiXS?. "" s clty at miialsM
At this afternoon's session the reports
of the local committees were read. Of
ficers will be elected to-morrow.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 11.— The third
annual convention of the State Council
of the Federated Trades was opened in
this city this morning. '
William Pook, president of the Sac
ramento Building Trades Council, de
livered an address of welcome, in which
he extended the hospitality of the Sac
ramento Council to' the. delegates.
President P. H. McCarthy responded
in an address in "which he spoke of the
prosperous condition of the councils
throughout the State. He said that
there had been a gain in membership
of several thousand during the past
year. The president said union labor
in L03 Angeles was in a state of chaos
and urged that the State Council lend
it a helping hand:
The report of Secretary Tveitmoe of
San Francisco was read and approved.
The secretary spoke of the good condi
tion of the finances* of the council, and
urged the placing of competent men in
responsible places. The convention then
settled down to routine business and
appointed committees to act during the
convention.
ARMOR PLATE
POOL INQUIRY
CHICAGO, Jan. 11— It was expected
the City Council would to-night defi
nitely determine the exact nature of
the alterations which will be demanded
in all Chicago playhouses before they
are again allowed to open their doors
! to the public. The amended building
ordinance covering playhouses recom
mended by the Council committee was
so long and the pressure of. other busi
ness so great that it was decided to
make the matter the subject of a spe
! cial meeting of the Council, which will
be held next Thursday evening. The
main features of the proposed ordinance
probably, will be passed exactly as rec
ommended by the committee. Such of
these features as relate to theaters have
already been published.
A resolution was offered by Alder
man Hunter in the Council meeting to
night directing the Council committee
which has been examining theaters and
department stores to also investigate
the safety of hotels and club buildings,
Having heard the testimony of the
seven chorus men and eight chorus girls
fit the "Mr. Bluebeard" company in re
gard to the fire. Assistant State's At
torney Barnes toc-k a nonsuit in the
cases against them to-day. They had
been held on technical charges to in
sure their appearance at the inquest. \
Ten men connected with the theater
were arraigned before Justice Caverty
and their cases continued until Jan
uary 21. Justice Caverty said that
those who are being held to testify at
the inquest would be released immedi
ately after such testimony was given.
James M. Strong, a witness at the
inquest to-day, testified that he, with
his mother and wife, bought standing
room tickets fc-r the Iroquois perform
ance and were In the first balcony.
When the fire sfarted he left the bal
cony, followed by his wife and mother,
and went to a door, which proved to
be an exit, but was locked. He threw
himself against the door, but could not
force it open, and then reached up
and broke the transom with his fist.
Being unable to open the door, he
pulled himself up and through the tran
som, dropping* on the outside of the
door, where he found a man with a lot
of tools, presumably a carpenter. The
two men tried to break down the door
from the outside, but could not, and
Strong pulled himself up into the tran
som a second time, intending if pos
sible to pull his mother and wife
through the transom. While he was
half way through the flames filled all
that part of the theater, his mother
and wife were, burned in front of his
eyes and he was so badly scorched that
for. several days his life was despaired
of. . • ' . .';..".
It is upon Strong's evidence that the
State's Attorney will largely rely if
an attempt is made to secure indict
ments .in connection with the fire. He
said that not only his own family but
hundreds of other persons could have
gone through this door and been saved
had it not been locked. When he look r
ed through the transom a second time,
he declared, the entire passageway was
jammed with people. ' v
Deaths of two more fire victims to
day brought the total up to 571.
3Iaster of the Hapless Craft
Severely Criticized for Ap
palling Loss of Life in
the Juan do Fuca Straits
TEMPESTUOUS SEAS
WITHHOLD VICTIMS
ACTION IS EXTREME
SAY WOOL GROWERS
Speaker Says the Fight Is Be
tween Plutocracy and De
mocracy, Man and Mammon
Union . Labor in Los Angeles
Declared to Be in a Con
dition of Complete Chaos
Declares Great Injustice Is
Being Done to Veterans W r ho
Gained Distinction in Battle
Alderman Proposes That Hotels
and Clubs Be Investigated
,by a Special Committee
Ricarte, the Native Leader
Who Escaped From Guam, Is
at the Head of the Conspiracy
Sheep Raisers in Convention at
Portland Believe the Govern
ment Will Injure Industry by
the Reservation of Forests
British Vessel. Graf ton Leaves
Esquimau to Locate the
Lost Clallam and Recover
the . Bodies and the Mails
INQUIRY TO* BE WIDENED
BITTER IN HIS CRITICISM
SOUNDS KEY TO CAMPAIGN
REPORTS OX PROSPERITY
PLAN A GENERAL RTSING
Appeals to the Senate to
Vote Against the Former
Army Surgeon's Confirmation
Executive Body of Federated
Trades Begins Its Annual
Convention in Sacramento
Nebraskan Is a Guest at a
Banquet in New Haven in
Celebration of Jackson Day
Chicago City Council Has Not
Yet JDeeided Upon Alterations
That Will Be Demanded
Seven. Officers of the Bevolu
tionary Organization in Phil
ippines Are Landed in Prison
DELEGATES
OBJECT TO
LAND LAW
WARSHIP
SEARCHES
FOR DEAD
BRYAN TALKS
OF THE ISSUES
SCOTT SCORES
GENERAL WOOD
THEATER DOORS
STILL CLOSED
STATE COUNCIL
HOLDS SESSION
ARRESTS CHECK
INSURRECTION
THE SAN FRANCISCO -GALL, .TUESDAY, JANUARY 12, ,1901.
¦ ST. LOUIS. Jan. 11.— Alfred Ernst, con
ductor of ;the c Choral Symphony, was " to-day
appointed conductor of the World's Fair sym
phony " orchestra. v,
BUTTE, Mont.. Jan. 11.— Thomas Eslick and
Edwin Sampson, miners, .were killed lay an ac
cidental 'explosion at . the ¦ Original mine- this
fclternucn. • '." ".'
.¦¦¦—..¦- t
OAKLAND, Jan. 11.— The following
marriage 7 licenses were issued by the
County Clerk to-day: William' R. Mc-
Millan, 26, and Ellen F. Keogari, 20,
both of San Francisco; • William
Schneider, 3^ r San Francisco, and
Francesca Fabisch) 20, Oakland;*. Eu
gene Ansen,-37;.and May Killough,'27,
both of Alameda.
4
'• • ADVERTISEMENTS.
Pears'
tho soap . for fair,
whije hands, bright
clear complexion,
soft, healthful skin.
Sold all oTcr the world.
BRIDGEWORK AT COST.
Why wear a cumbersome plate that
covers the roof of the mouth when
you can have teeth without? Our pro-
fessor of bridge work personally su-
perintends this work and- furnishes a
written guarantee for ten. years.
Painless^methods. Cleaning free. .
Graduates only. Extraction f*ree. v
Week Days, 9 to 9; Sundays, 9 to 1.
Post-Graduate Dental College,
. Saa. rranci»co — 3 Taylor Strtetl
V Oakland — 973 Washington Street.
-'(u Jo«e— 45 East Santa Clara Street.'
. . SftcnuBcato-— 107 J Street.
~ " " —
,DR. PIEBCE'S' BEMEDXES.
House is one of the duties that a weak
woman looks forward to with dread. As
a rule, she knows that she must pav for
the over-strain with days or weekj of
womanly suffering. ' .
Doctor Pierce's Favorite Prescription
makes weak women strong and sick
women well.
. POR WOMEN
WHO CANNOT BE CURED.
Backed tip by over a third of a cen-
tury of remarkable and uniform cures*
a record such ««s no other remedy for
the diseases and weaknesses peculiar to
women ever attained, the proprietors of
Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription now
feel fully warranted in offering to pay feoo
in legal money of the United S^atesTfor
any case of Leucorrhea, Female Weak
ness. Prolapsus, or Falling of Womb
which they cannot cure. All they ask
is a fair and reasonable trial of their
znean3 of cure.
" I took two botles ol toot • iVwitcrrM. . I—
tie-; and two «f the • Golde^SSi^f^o^
ery* and am feeling well.- writes Mii&^
McXenzie^ of Lorway Mine*. CapcBrrt^i cH
No« Scotia. - 1 barf nteriae* trouble?^ £&
in the »de and headache. After fiW» ££i
medicine I was cured. You mar^bUahS^S
we it m «ny way too think beSt. aTl ca?noT
•peak too hiffhlyof rSr. Pierce and wJmSdSSSS
1 x^5" • ? lcrce g Co ««">n Sen^Med.
leal Adnser » sent free en receipt of
itampsto pay expense of mailing only
Send ai one-cent stamps for the book hi
Daper covers, or 3j stamps for the cloth-New Sheriff's Deputy.
Alexander B. Garnett was arraigned
before Judge' Lawlor yesterday on the
charge of murder for shooting and
killing Major J.W. McClung in the
apartments of Mrs. Lillian Hitchcock-
Coit at the Palace Hotel on November
25. He pleaded not guilty.
Attorney W. D. Grady, who repre
sents the defendant, informed the
Judge that a demurrer to the infor
mation might be entered and he ask
ed permission, if it was so decided, to
withdraw, the plea. The Judge con
sented and continued the case for a
week.
The District Attorney is now in no
hurry to have the case set for trial,
as it has been definitely • ascertained
that Mrs. Hitchcock-Coit, the "most
material witness for "the prosecution,
is on herway to Paris. Her testimony
given at the preliminary hearing be
fore Police Judge , Fritz "will have to
be read to the jury, at the trial."
After Being Arraigned and Pleading
Not Guilty His Attorney Says
. Demurrer May Be Entered. •
JUDGE GRANTS GARNETT
- ' ANOTHER CONTINUANCE
Schows Get Judgment.
Judgment for the plaintiffs for $2865
was rendered yesterday by Judge Sea
well in the suit of Julia and Andrew
Schow against John D. Morton. The
suit was to recover money paid to
Morton on notes due to the Schows.
C. D. O'Farrell, who pleaded guilty
in Judge Dunne's court to a charge of
grand larceny, appeared for sentence
yesterday. The Judge sentenced him
to serve eighteen months in Folsom
penitentiary. On October 21 he stole
$50 from Swan Erickson, a sailor, in
a saloon on Third street.
Sentenced for Grand Larceny.
The work of construction is being
performed under the direction of a
commission composed of W. H. Ban
croft, vice president and general man
ager of the Oregon Short Line, and
Chief Engineer Hood of the Southern
Pacific Company, as the representa
tives of Harriman. | and J. Ross Clark
and H. Hawgood, manager and chief
engineer respectively of the Salt Lake
road, acting as the representatives of
Senator Clark.
Chief Engineer Hood of the South
ern Pacific Company, owing to . the
vast amount of work that devolved
on him in the building of the Lucin
cut off and straightening out the line
of the Central Pacific, had little time
to devote to the construction of the
Salt Lake road until recently, when,
with Chief Engineer ¦ Hawgood, he
made a thorough inspection of the
southe'rn end of the route of . the new
road, over which rails are »yet to be
laid. He has made a report in which
are incorporated many valuable sug
gestions, antl it is said that these, will
greatly aid the directors in. arranging
this week for the early completion of
the road.
A meeting of the directors of the
San Pedro. Los Angeles and Salt Lake
road is to be held in Salt Lake City
this week, when it is expected that
the contracts for the final construc
tion work on the new road will be
awarded and definite plans made for
making the through connections from
the latter city to Los Angeles.
It has been frequently announced
that the promoters of the road fig
ured that at least fifteen months
would be necessary to place it in con
dition for operating purposes, but it
is now reported that E. H. Harriman
hns been advised, by his chief engi
neeer,' William Hood, that this work
can be accomplished easily in much
shorter time.
As a result of this report Harriman
has given orders to rush operations.
A year ago, when it was announced
that Harriman was behind Senator
Clark in the building of the San Pe
dro, Los Angeles and Salt Lake road,
and that the transfer of a portion of
the Oregon Short Line to the control
of -the Clark company was simply a
move on the part of Harriman to aid
the new line in getting quick terminal
connections, the Senator was prompt
•with a denial of the report. Sinoe
then, however, it has been learned
that Harriman holds more than -. 60
per cent of the new company's stock
and is taking an" active part in all the
arrangements for the completion of
the line into Los Angeles.
Harriman Is Eager to Have the Xew
Line Finished Inside of Ten
Months.
The theme of "Daniel«in the Lions'
Den" has been taken by Rene Whaite
for one of the most striking animal
paintings that has been seen in San
Francisco in years. Mr. Whaite's spe
cialty is animals, and at Schussler,
Brothers' Art Gallery at 118 Geary
street lions in various attitudes and
involving, many phases of life on the
deserts are displayed with eood effect
on various sized canvases. One of
the pictures is a battle between two
lions. Others are entitled, "Voices of
the Night"- — a suggestive theme,
"Monarch of All He Surveys," "Rulers
of the Desert."" "African Lion" and
"Bengal Tiger."
The work in which Mr. Whaite has
presented his most elaborate and
strongest study is "Daniel in the
Lions' Den." It is an original treat
ment. The tawny brutes, treading
under foot human skulls and bones,
are tactfully arranged to make their,
size and significance apparent to the
prophet, who stands upon the summit
of a fijght of stairs calmly and fully
aware of the fierce beasts below, that
are waiting to ."devour him. While the
hunger and desire of the lions- are
plainly pictured, the face of Daniel
reveals the calm spirit within. The
exhibition will be open daily until the
16th, inclusive.
Fnmoits Theme of "Daniel in the
Lions' Den" and Others Are Hung
for Inspection.
WHAITE'S WILD ANIMAL
PICTURES ARE EXHIBITED
WORK ON* THE SALT LAKE
ROAD IS TO BE RUSHED
Captain Duke, is a new man in the
district bordered by Larkin, Market arid
It is understood that Colonel Pippy,
whose election to a third term as presi
dent will occur to-day, is ambitious
to place, the club in a new home be
fore he retires from office. The desire
to learn of the details of the Burbank
proposition will doubtless cause a large
attendance at the annual meeting to
night.
Kaplan Has Disappeared.
The disappearance of J.*S. Kaplan,
one of the proprietors of the Adams
House, 655 Washington street, was re
ported to the police yesterday by his
partner, Peter O. Xygaard. Kaplan
has not been seen since last Wednes
day and his partner is afraid he has
committed suicide, although he knows
of no reason why he should have done
so. Kaplan had been worrying about
an estate in Xew York to which he is
heir; He is 23 years of age. an archi
tect by profession, 5 feet 4 Inches tall,
and, notwithstanding his youth, has
streaks of gray hair.
Judge Mogan had a roast coming for
Dan Shea yesterday. Shoa complained
that a boy named Patrick Sullivan had
stolen his wagon. Shea has an unen
viable reputation and his brother has
been in the County Jail so many times
that the walls are warm with him.
Sullivan, is only about 17 years old and
it was a matter of bad temper that
caused his arrest. He was properly
dismissed on the charge of petty larceny
and the complainant was warned that
the next time he brought a case of that
kind into the police courts he would be
prosecuted for perjury.
Michael Tobin went to bed with a
charitable lodger at the Valencia Ho
tel. He awoke earlier than his com
panion and in his exit abstracted $25
from the trousers of his sleeping com
panion. He was convicted before
Judge Fritz yesterday of the crime qf
petty larceny and given six months, in
the County Jail, where "thieves do not
break in and steal."
Robert Mirowsey dined too well. One
of his dinner checks amounted to
$16 80. In payment hi tendered H.
Babcock, who is familiarly* kndwn as
"Bab," a check on the Columbian
Banking Company for $40. It> was
signed by J. R. Inguglia, who before
Judge Cabaniss yesterday totally re
pudiated the signature. Mirowsey was
arrested on the charge of forgery and
stayed in jail for five days. It appeared
in court that all- obligations incurred
by him had been settled and on this
ground he was allowed liberty with the
Instructions to forget that he was
"Jim the Penman."
William H. -"kins, who killed Mul
doon McDonald, the negro prize fighter,
was before Judge Fritz yesterday and
asked for a continuance of one week.
He shot a bully practically in self-de
fense, and it is no sure thine: that he
will not be acquitted on his preliminary
hearing.
Victoria Fuevolow, the woman that
tried to broil 8. child" on a • hot stove,
was before Judge Cabaniss yesterday.
The baby was in court, as also some of
the witnesses who had seen other cru
elties she had imposed on the baby.
Mrs. Fuevolow asked for a further con
tinuance, and her case was set over
until January 19.
Drury further said he would show
that death was due to natural causes
and pointed out that the autopsy failed
to show any arsenic in the kidneys,
liver or other organs, and if arsenic was
the cause of death it must have existed
in these organs.
The witnesses examined yesterday
were Dr. L. D. Bacigalupi, autopsy sur
ceon; James R. Murphy, ex-messenger
at the Coroner's office; Dr. Charles L.
Morgan, who analyzed the contents of
the deceased's stomach; Dr. Carl W.
von Teidemann, who in June diagnosed
Bowers' illness as ptomaine poison, and
Dr. Louis I. Breitstein, who conveyed
the deceased from his home to the Ger
man Hospital in the ambulance. The
case will go on this morning.
case 'of Mrs. Martha H. Bowers, charg?d
>vith the murder of her husband, Mar
tin L. Bowers, T>y administering arsenic
to him, and yesterday the remaining
; lhrc<» were accepted. The jurors ara
Tlobcrt Haight, John EL Brown, A. Gil
bert, EL Hargrave. F. K. Meussdorffer.
W. A. Linforth, John Murphy, John T.
Webb, Moses Ephraim, W. D. Page, B.
F. Whitton and Curtin "Wright.
•District Attorney Byington in his
'opening statement to the jury stated
fully what he intended to prove, all
the principal points having been al
ready published in The Call.
Attorney Frank G. Drury also made
a statement to the jury outlining the
•Irfense. After detailing the cause of
death he referred to the fact that the
defendant had sent for four different
physicians, none of whom treated her
liufband for arsenical poisoning, but
they all from the beginning prescribed
arsenic, strychnine, morphine and other
poisons*. %
Bowers was naturally a weak and
sickly man, suffering from a number
of ailments and had been under treat
ment for a number of years, Drury
saidr He would show that Patrick
Lorvy was merely a friend and that
Bowers never made any objection to
Lervy calling at his house. Regarding
the alleged forged prescription he said
he would fhow that the defendant did
not write ix nmr did Phe cause it to be
written or filled. She never had any
arsenic in her possession and none was
found at her house. Mrs. Sutton, he
said, never presented the prescription
to be filled as alleged.
•"I will show," continued Drury, "that
Harry Bowers h,id been on unfriendly
terms with his brother Martin, neither
having any use for the other. Harry
Bowers \yas in attendance upon Mar
tin Bowers on the Sunday night and
Monday night prior to his death and
went with him in the ambulance on
the Tuesday morning to the German
Hospital, where he died that day.
"Harry left the hospital before Mar
tin died, but sent his wife, Sadie,
and when she reported to him that
Martin was dead he went to the Morgue
and said that the defendant had pois
oned her husband. At the inquest he
had to admit that it was only a sus
pfeSbju The morning following Martin's
•loath Harry wanted to obtain an in
junction to prevent the defendant
drawing her late husband's money out
of the Hibernia Bank."
Nin" jurors w?re secured last Ttiurs
day in Judge Cook's court to try the
•On cross-examination It was brought
out that Dr. Hemphill had twice asked
Miss Clark to put a memorial window
in his church and had been refused.
The tfial of the contest of the will of
the late Isabella D. Clark, the wealthy
young woman who committed sujclde
in the McNutt Hospital some months
ago, was commenced yesterday In the
probate court? before a jury.
• The contest was brought by Alice
Ann Hart and Mary E. Carter, sisters
of the deceased, who ask that the will
be set aside on the ground that Miss
Clark at the. time she made the will,
the day before she tpok her life, was
not possessed of her sound senses, and
that for many years prior to-her death
she had been under the influence of Dr.
W. F. McXutt.^The will bequeathed all
of the $300,000 estate of the deceased to
Grace E.' Strohn, her sister, and named
Dr. McNutt as executor.
The only witness examined yesterday
was Rev. John Hemphill, the spiritual
adviser of the deceased. He testified
that jn his opinion Miss Clark was not
mentally sound, and gave as his reason
the fact that even during her child
hood she was melancholic. He also
testified that he based his conclusion on
her manner of receiving him when he
visited her at the hospital.
Whether the Miners' Union at Hod
son, Calaveras County, or Us members,
have beaten and intimidated non-union
miners on their way to the Royal Con
solidated mines, or whether they have
used moral suasion simply.- was the
problem before United, States Circuit
Judge Morrow yesterday for solution.
Several weeks ago the Royal Con
solidated mines came before the court
and made a showing by affidavits that
strikers were forcibly preventing per
sons from going to work at Hodson.
and a temporary restraining order was
issued by the court commanding the
strikers* to refrain from threats and
violence and from any Interference
whatever with the business and prop
erty of the company. At the same time
Frank Rochester and about one hun
dred and fifty other strikers were or
dered to appear in court and show
cause why the temporary restraining
order should not be made permanent.
The strikers were, represented yes
terday by James G. Maguire and W*.
H. Walker and the complainant ivai
represented by Jesse W. Lilienthal and
Arthur L. Levlnsky. A batch of affi
davits was read on behalf of the de
fendants In which they declared they
had not resorted to violence.
In order to rebut these denials Mr.
Lilienthal produced a large number of
affidavits. In which the deponents de
posed that non-union men had been
beaten and their lives threatened by
former employes of the company. It
was averred under oath that more than
one man had refused to drive the com
pany's oil teams because from wh,at
strikers had told them they feared they
would be ambushed and killed on the
road. It was averred further that non
union men had been intercepted oa
their way to Hodson, had been taken
prisoners by the strikers and taken
out of the district by armed guards.
Mr. Maguire moved to strike out such
portions of the affidavits as related .to
Incidents occurring since the beginning
of the litigation.* but Judge Morrow
overruled the motion. Mr. Lilienthal
stating that the complainants desired
to throw all the light possible upon
case in order to show the methods and
the animus of the strikers.
The case was continued until, next
Monday and the restraining order will
remain In effect meanwhile.
The present spacious rooms of the
Union League Club on the ground floor
of the Palace Hotel, facing New Mont
gomery street, are quite central and
readily accessible and many of the old
time members are opposed to a sur
render of the premises. The report,
however, is circulated that the Palace
Hotel owners will not subscribe to a
long lease, hence there is an active
and growing sentiment in the league
membership favorable to. the acquisi
tion of permanent quarters wherein
modern club facilities may be extended
to resident and non-resident members.
. The annual election of the Union
League will take place this afternoon
and evening. There is no opposition
ticket in the field and at a late. hour
last night there were no indications of
a contest. The following candidates,
comprising the regular ticket, will
doubtless receive all the votes cast at
the election: President, George H.
Pippy; first vice president, S. J. Hendy;
second vice president. H. G. TV. Dinkel
spiel; secretary, J. B. Fuller; treas
urer, I. W. Hellman, Jr.; directors— C.
H. Garoutte, F. E. Beck, C. L. Field,
E. E. Gates, John Rothschild and E. D.
Page.
A topic of general interest to the
club membership will be discussed at
the annual meeting to-night.* Club gos
sip is to t:.e effect that Colonel Pippy,
president of the league, will be able
to prese r nt to the meeting a clearly de-'
fined proposition from Mr. Burbank,
the owner of the premises now occu
pied by the Pacific-Union Club. It is
reported that Mr. Burbank has con
sented to the acceptance of plans ¦ for
remodeling his spacious building: at the
northwest corner of Post and Stotkton
streets, which will permit the Union
League to lease one complete story of
that building.
There was considerable talk some
time ago of Joint occupancy of the
house bv the Union League and the
Press Club, but the discussion never
reached the point of direct negotiation.
It is reported that the new home of
the'Paciflc-Union on the northeast cor
ner of Stockton and Post streets will
be finished by Xovember 1 next. It is
fancied that e remodeling of the in
terior of the Burbank building could
be carried out within two months after
the premises were vacated, hence it Is
predicted that the Union League may
be able to mo j in some time in Janu
ary, 1905.
If the test is satisfactory it is pro
posed to introduce It into the army
at once. The hash is put up in cans
large enough for one day's rations, and
is guaranteed by the packing company
to keep in any climate, no matter how
tropical it may be.
The transport Meade, which has been
laid up so long, will go on the drydock
in all probability. to-day. She is to be
put In first class shape to go to sea.
Bids were opened yesterday for nec
essary repairs to the big troopship. The
expense of pLtting her into commission
will cost Uncle Sam somewhere in the
neighborhood of $50,000. She was orig
inally the old City of Berlin, built in
1874, and afterward known as the Ber
lin. When the Government bought her
at the outbreak of the Spanish-Ameri
can war a big pile of money was spent
on getting her into condition to
meet requirements. She was kept busy
while the war was on. but beins an
expensive ship to run she was one of
the firrt laid up. When under full
speed her consumption of coal is about
150 tons daily.
The cantonment formerly occupied by
the Seventh Infantry Is being put in
fine shape to receive the Twenty-eighth
Infantry, Colonel Owen J. Sweet, due
to arrive here on the Sheridan early
Thursday morning. The Twenty-eighth
will be stationed at the post for some
time to come, unless there should be
war troubles in Asiatic or southern wa
ters, when their services probably
would be required in those directions.
Henry St. Denys Thomason, first
lieutenant assistant surgeon, has re
ported at headquarters for examination
for promotion.
Lieutenant Thomason was major sur
geon of volunteers in the Philippines,
and waj also executive officer of the
large Santa Mesa Hospital in the su
burl - of Manila in the early days of
the Spanish-American war.
The Signal Corps was out practicing
last night with its acetylene lamp
lights. One party was stationed back
on the hilis at the Presidio, and the
other on the grounds in front of the
General Hospital. The practice was
successful.
The passenger list of the transport
Sheridan, scheduled to sail February 1
for Manila, will consist principally of
casuals, but no organized troops are
listed to sail on her.
The report by the men at the Pre
sidio yesterday was that the hash was
eminently satisfactory and every man
ate more than his allotted share. It is
well prepared, and certainly is as ap
pealing to the palate as any home
made hash. It consists of fine cornbeef
and potatoes, with just enough onions
to give it a relish, and is well seasoned.
Its nutritive qualities are deemed to be
equal to the fresh article.
Beginning yesterday the enlisted men
at the post began experimenting with
this diet and will continue the pleas
urable occupation until Wednesday
night- The experiments in the East
were favorable and the troops approved
of the new diet.
The new army hash which has been
suggested by the Government to take
the place of cornbeef and potatoes
while troops are campaigning is now
being given a thorough test at the Pre-
Eidio.
Minister Gives Evidence in
Support of Charges Made by
Sisters of ' the Deceased
Attorney for the Defendant
Outlines His Case Showing
What He Intends to Prove
Transport Meade Will Cost
Uncle Sam Many Thousands
Before She Can Go to Sea
Drivers . of Fuel Wagons
Swear That They Expected
to Be Shot From Ambush
Owner of Pacific-Union Prem
ises Ready to Present Definite
Propostion to the League
REQUIRES : BIG REPAIRS
Front streets and the bay. None of the
old offenders know him. As one of the
instances of his career he passed before
a shoe store on Market street and found
a woman and a man disputlngly ar
rayed against the proprietor. His en
trance and power of authority were
strenuously disputed by Jennie ¦ L.
Thompson, and under duress he was
compelled to take her into custody.
When the hew captain appeared in all
the trappings of his rank in Judge
Conlan's court yesterday Mrs. Thomp
son subsided in her desire for an en
counter and cheerfully, admitted that
she ' had been wrong. Judge Conlan
dismissed her, with the warning to
learn that her temper should never
overmaster her again. - .
The three sailors who have been held
as witnesses in the carving operations
of Thomas Turner were dismised yes
terday by Judge Mogan. The carvaree,
B. Hanson, was able to be in court, and
the three witnesses gave testimony to
the facts of the attempted killing. They
have been in the City Prison for nearly
a month. Their testimony was needed
to convict the defendant of an unlawful
use of a caseknife. Lest they should
seek the seclusion of the bounding bil
lows they were held in custody. Judge
Mogan has worried over their detention
until he has lost nearly eight pounds.
It was a glad moment for him when
he was able, under the law, to set the
three sailors at liberty and give them
the wide berth of the sea instead of the
cramped quarters of the City Prison.
Mary Brennan is an advocate of the
boycott. She persists in standing out'
in front of a saloon that refuses her
drinks and declaring it an "unfair
house." Mary was arrested by Police
man Hostetter and appeared before
Judge Mogan yesterday. It was shown
by competent testimony that Mary was
habitually Indulging in intoxicating li
quors and generally made a nuisance
of herself around the neighborhood of
her Minna street residence. Judge Mo
gan thought that six months in the
County Jail would be a proper correc
tive measure, and Mary was led care
fully away.
Accordingly he sought her, and in the
process of his search he found a burly
landlord who painfully abused him for
the manner of his entrance. Bradley
had gone through an entrance caused
by himself, which formerly was a .win
dow, carefully forged from silica ore.
Bradley looked like a Swede when
he appeared befofe Judge Fritz yester
day, but his accent and behavior proved
him an Irishman. He- said he had
known the girl for three yeaTs and
was acting on the impulse of newly
acquired information that she was an
occupant of the house In Question.
He said he had no idea of burglariz
ing the house and really did not know
what he was doing when he battered
the wjndow until it fell with a crash
at his feet.
At first Judge Fritz was Inclined to
hold Bradley, but when -the full light
of the love affair dawned on him he
concluded that the defendant was more
to be pitied than censured. According
ly he allowed him to depart on the
promise that three, weeks from-yester
day he would appear and report his
conduct.
"Because he loved her"— with two
minors that should be .clung to like
a boy on a limb over a pool — James
Bradley was arrested on the charge of
attempting burglary. He had placed
his affections on a girl that did not
requite them. Heated with drink, he
concluded to find her. From some
source of information he learned that
she was an occupant of a room at 452
Minna street.
ADDITIONAL FACILITIES
STATEMENTS OF COUNSEL
WILL CONTEST ! OX TRIAL
USE OF FORCE ALLEGED
Woman Accused of Poisoning
Her Husband by Administer
ing Arsenic Faces a Jury
Soldiers at the Presidio Give
Practical Test to Article of
Diet for Campaign Use
Union 3iiners Deny Having
Kesorted to "Violence or
Threats Against Any One
Kev. John Hemphill. Claims
" Miss I. Cl^rli. Was 3Iqjitally
Weak When in Her Childhood
Election of Officers and the
Annual Meeting- of Members
* N Syili Take Place To - Day
James Bradley Meets With Clemency From
Judge Fritz Because Love Caused Him
to Err— Newsy Items of the Police Court
TROOPS DEVOUR
NEW ARMY HASH
MARTHA BOWERS
NOW ON TRIAL
SATS HER MIND
WAS NOT SOUND
HODSON STRIKE
BEFORE COURT
BREAKS WINDOW TO WIN
BURGLAR-PROOF HEART
UNION LEAGUE
TICKET READY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 12, 1904.
Complete'; gas ; ranges set up ready ;. for
use, • S 1 1,* at San' Francisco Gas and Elec
tric Co.. 415 Post st. ¦•-¦¦
The Harold : Steamship Company
was incorporated yesterday with a
capital stock of $250,000, of which
$1250 is subscribed. The directors,
each of whom. has subscribed $500,
are Robert Dollar, Robert J. '. .".Tyson;
George Scott, M. J. Savage and H.
Id, Lorber.
Steamship Company Incorporates.
.'•;• Sheriff Curtis yesterday, announced
the ¦; appointment of William Wede
meyer as 'deputy, at a salary of $100 fa
rnonthl .This completes the
staff of the Sheriff's office. , It is pos
sible that some vacancies may occur
in the minor positions, but at present
no changes are anticipated. •
5
ADVERTISEMENTS.
COTTOLENK
pi THE TEA PARTY. j|
t J- The Dear Little Tots are haying a Tea Party. M
til "Johnny, do not put your Foot in your Cap, *' and, "Belinda, ||
M take that Lump of Sugar out of Totty's Ear." M
1^ But look at the Pile s of Cakes and Crullers and Waffles and |J
fl Tartsl I thought Children Ought to Eat Only Water-Crackers B
r| But, you see, all of these Goodies are made, with Cottolene Bj
f'i instead of Lard, and so they are wholesome and Good Food for w
1'4 Moral: "Where Cottolene Is Bliss, f Tis Folly To Use Lard." ijf
Lii Cottolene will be found at rood gtoctn. Sold only in sealed paili. 20-page Cotto- fjig
E3 leae Primer, illustrated in colors, from which abore is one page, gent free on request. £**
P Made only by THI JX. K. FAIRBAKK COMPANY, Dept. 260 CHICAGO. ||
umiiii ¦¦iiiiiMiiiiiimiiimiiiiMBMiiiiiiiiiii ¦MHiiwm pimwi !¦¦¦¦ ¦iMwiiiiB^ :^- :^ ::^ c::::r i
Wii \s aii n 11 1 n
HY SHOULD I
I THE MALE BE I
I IB E. UlnLL Ub *
NOW, WHAT DO CLOTHED? I W0ULDNT
you think of this? — — this jar you?
The reason to most
FOR MEM readers Is obvious. FOR YOUNG MEN
suits nr 11 on 11 suits and overcoats
Men's $9.50 Worsted Suit? HFuKI l\! $ 5 - 00 Suits or Overcoats,
t^A<? lltnWUIl long Pants,' 13 to 19 years
Men's $12.50 All- Wool Suits ALSO SAYS ''' ' ''\:'' '> * : ££~*£
£, oc 57.50 Suits or Overcoats,
•••••• •* 4 - 85 That when the Male lon s Pants > 13tol9 y e ? r !
Men's $12.50 to $17.50 Fancy p « n hp pUji,^ jn • jfcjj $3.45
Cheviot and Tweeds/ ,;. gj J .J™ In ™. $10.00 to $15.00' Suits or
. . ; $6.45 habiliments that ClVil- Overcoats, long Pants. 13
Men's $20.00 Dress Suits, IZBd SOCIBty reCOglliZeS tol?years$5.15ta$9.45;
'^.WSmSO 3S Pd 3t fr ° m
' 50% tn 75% 3 to 10 years old
OVERCOATS .3U/W IU HM* $3.00 Sailor Blouse Suits; 500
v^ r ~s;-'. . ¦ . . i , ¦, i ; ii_':j" ii.ii. .iiu^ patterns to select •trom.«...
$8.50B:ack, Blue or oxford less in price than. other ......$1.35
Overcoats. ....'.. . $3.45 garment PiirVByOrS Can $5.50 Sunday Dress Su'rts,
$11.60 Nobby Box Overcoats sell them tO JOII, 3 to 10 .$2.45
............... $5.85 iifiiy Tyry $6.50 Two-Piece Double-
h?w tn K?S()n Srrhiipr ""'' l '"' : '' 1 Breasted Serges, Tweeds
p™L nr fhii nJJu in ' °* Worsteds, 9 to 15
Raglan or run BacK, in ...--, co ac
up-to-date patterns...... Vflli UAH """ --JZ.95
..:... $9.45 to $15.45 ~IUU llAlJ 10,000 Pairs of Knee Pants 15c
«• UL I I LH ULL UO ; -.
4% j0fe hji jp& ip± &k fill flRI/f" 1 !* AT * **
J II B . KM H H H ja bbJVb ¦J& M4 [j I J^k I
UUl UUU ¦¦¦ CORNER SIXTH
ORDERS PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO==—
] I PERFECT FIT GUARANTEED I I remit by- —
' •' — "•'¦¦¦ ¦ -¦ "» ••••- SEND'; ''-' : " r - ?: "'' " : ' POSTOFFICE MONEY ORDER
\ icHEST MEASuSfe iAND HEIGHT | | OR BY EXPRESS . jTORONTO, Ontario. Jan. 11.— A. E. Ames
& Co., bankers and brokers, who failed last
May - with ; liabilities of $10,000,000, have ts
sued a circular to their creditors stating that
a second, payment of, 25 p«r cent of their In
debtedness, , promised for January 15, cannot
, ; With "When Johnny Comes Marching
Home" the house, may be said to have
found,. something^ that blight to; be a
strong drawing: card. The opening "per
formance of this .'work -was given last
TpnflDAD. Colo., Jan. 11.— A fire which
originated In the baswnr-nt of. Fowler's fuml
tur* etor* caused $100,000 damage this after
noon before It could be put under control. The
Masonic block «nd the Bloom block were <!e
rtroywJ. For a time the entire business por
tion of the city vai in danger.
NEW YORK, Jan. 11. — The as
sessed valuation of taxable property
in New York City for 1904. made pub
lic to-day, shows a total for all bor
oughs of $4,798,344,788, an increase
of $2S1,79S.29» over 1903. Land val
ues comprised $3,697,686,935 of the
total. These totals include the real
estate assessments for individuals and
corporations, but not the special fran
chise assessments, estimated -at about
$250,000,000, which will be added on
March 31, when the books are closed.
Wealth of Greater New York.
... The scene of enthusiasm was repeated
later on when Mme. Patti again ap
peared. The cheering was kept up until
the, Binger. sang "CominV Through the
Rye." and then again that wave of ap
plause went up in a mighty volume and
would not cease.' Again and again
Mme. Patti returned to the stage. She
kissed her fingers to her, admirers,
J>owed and passed from- sight.
Back on the- stage of the 'opera-house
Mme. Patti was fairly besieged" by
those who had- purchased theV .stage
eeats. The police .officers were unable
to restrain the enthusiasm- of dozens
at women who flocked around the diva
as she was escorted to her carriage, by
her husband, Baron Cederstrom.' , / .
;' A final number by -two, singers of the
company followed ¦ the exit of Mme'.
iPatti, and 'the concert was over.' *
The vast audience slowly dispersed.
"I have heard Patti again," was an
expression freely used in the lobby,
while there were many that congratu
lated themselves at- having taken ad
vantage of their first opportunity to
hear,the once great singer. Some there
were, however, that quietly, remarked,
"We will' never hear the Incomparable
Pattlajraln."
% And so; San Francisco took its fare
well, of the woman whose name will
live forever in the realms of melody;
The real opening of the 1 new . Tivoli
Theater took place last evening. "Ix
lon" "could hardly be counted other
than a holiday piece and hot the real
business of : the;Tivoli, which is to His
¦Dense'an abundance of melody along
with a variable quantity. of fun." Had
it been in accordance with the plans of
the Tivoll management to" give "When
Johnny/Comes Marching' Home" as' the
first. attraction in' the new house then
there . ' would have been ; fewer empty
beats' during the first weeks of the
season. ; •
Patti threw her arms around two of
the ladies of her company and kissed
them affectionately. -v
One woman who had a little child
of two years in her arms pressed for
ward and held the child ou,t toward
the diva. Pattl took .the little one and
kissed It, making the young mother the
happiest woman in that large audience
of the gentler sex. t\
When Mme. Patti left the stage after
singing her farewell song her eyes were
filled with tears and she greeted a
number of ladies that had gathered
close to the entrance.
The song was indeed the farewell of
the singer whose. silvery tones have
been heard for half a century, who has
won the homaee of many millions of
men and women, who has swayed rul
ers of millions.
POPULAR ENGLISH ACT
RESS WHO IS HERE .AGAIN
AFTER MANY YEARS. -¦
This was Mme." Patti's farewell : to
that great gathering: -. .---
It seems so sweet once fnore'td'meet, .
To know and feel your love is real; , :,
And here to-night, with faces bright, ...»
Your hearts have shown I'm welcome home.
And y««t tt seems but yesterday
I Jiang the same sweet, melodies.
Old happy days, you could not last:
Good-by. dear friends, the dream Is past.
So fare thee well, farewell to thee, forever:
Good-by, old friends, we'll never meet again.
Though sad my heart, yet sadder is the parting.
But sadder still to breathe the last good-by.
And all the kindness that you've always shown
me, . •
Each gentle word Is graven on my heart;
Although 1 smile, yet Btlll my tears are flowing
And just because It is the last farewell.
. 1>IVA KISSES TINY TOT.
When; Mme. Patti lightly tripped upon
the "stag*}- the applause was intense and
kept the' diva bowing for a, full min
ute.;" 'After; the rendition of. her first
song there was a renewal' of applause*
Flowers were hurled on the stage
and the. .distinguished artist * returned
to respond. *^!::' • : .;: :
PATTI SIXGS HER FAREWELL.
The words\of "The. Last .Farewell"
were, sung, and it seemed as if that
vast gathering was indeed parting with
an old friend.; ... . •„
- ; With . that remarkable ; depth , of . feel
ing ¦ for >^ which »he Is" famous, -Mme.
Patti 'moved her 7audienc'e t6"a" point
of intense excitement. : -HeifeSSB 1 !
When the curtain went up the novel
sight of a large crowd seated oh the
stage drew considerable comment from
those in front.. Those that were on the
stage were the fortunate ones, how
ever. They not only heard Patti. to
better advantage, but were rewarded
with the unusual spectacle v of the
crowded theater in front. There was
a veritable sea of human faces 'reach-
Ing from the, seats near the footlights
arid stretching upward to the very, roof
of the opera-house at the Lack of the
top gallery. *
The indisposition of Hegner, the cell
ist, necessitated a change In the pro
gramme, , and the announcement • -by
Signor R. Sapjc, the musical director,
was received In kindly spirit.
¦The' various artists associated with
Mme. \ Pfttl ¦ received a generous wel
come,;, Wi t«, the big. share of applause
was reserved for the famous! singer
whose name is, a household word. <
NOVEL SIGHT IS PRESENTED*.
There were many people in the iiudi
ence that had traveled long distances
to be, present at the concert, and tlu»
opera-house was animated In the buzz
of gossip for half an hour before the
curtain ascended. • ¦'¦•',
Of course, there was not the elaborate
display of gowns there was last Thurs
day evening, but the audience present
ed a brilliant appearance, costly after
noon dresses and street wraps being
worn. ¦ ,
The audience was a remarkable one
in every respect. Some were there to re
vive memories of thirty and more years
past, while there were little tots In arms
who in the future will be able to say
that they listened to the voice" of Ade
lina Pattl. .-. .
When the doors of the opera-house
were opened there was a waiting
throng of charmingly gowned feminin
ity possessed of tickets for the seats on
the- stage. The stage seats were not
reserved, and the novelty of going "be
hind the footlights" and observing the
artists at close range* was a great at
traction to hundreds.
Captain Spillane of the Police De
partment had a number of picked men
on hand, and Assistant Chief Dough
erty of the Fire Department also had
a squad of men on duty at the theater.
The policemen and- firemen were, sta
tioned in -front of the opera,-house, In
the foyer, the -lobbies, the aisles and
on the stage, and the manner in which
the crowds were handled reflected the
greatest credit on the officers and fire
men.
BIG DEMAND FOR SKATS.
suited in a permit being Issued by the
police and fire departments for seats
to be placed on the stage. The 400
chairs were securely fastened to the
floor and every precaution taken for
the safety of the audience.
More than 3000 people gained en
trance to the opera-house yesterday
afternoon, and as many more would
have liked to have been among those
that listened to the last songs to be
rendered In this city by the famous
Patti. There were not more than 200
men in the big audience and the sight of
sq ' many women' was one riot of ten
presented in a theater. • f . .
Marcus R. Mayer, manager .of Mad
ame Pattl, was for a time as "great an
attraction as the diva herself. He was
besieged yesterday by dozens of pretty
.women, who sought his aid to secure
seats. • . •:
"When Johnny Comes Marching
Home" is good " enough . as it Is now
broughtout at the TlvoM to be worth
the money and time of every one In the
city and all the suburbs.
The opera, possibly where It falls
down in solos, more than makes good
in choruses. It. Is fun.-y only in spots
and these are not too funny. It Is mil
itary from beginning to end. The
American flag is seen and -. aved fre
quently. - It comes on in marches, in
parades and in tableaux. With It there
Is a running accompaniment, from time
tojtime, of Southern songs, "Massa's In
the Cold, Cold Ground," "Dixie" and
"Maryland, My Maryland," serving as
a counterbalance of amity against
'"Marching Through Georgia" and "The
Star Spangled .Banner."
The cast took In Cunningham, Schus
ter, Brownlow, Hartman, Aspland, Fo
garty, Webb, Eugenia Barker, Francis
Gibson, Nettie Deglow, Bessie' Tanne 1 
hlll, Anna Lichter and Annie Myers.
The last named distinguished herself
by a particularly melodious rendering
of "Way Down Upon • the Suwanee
River," which was harmonized quite
skillfully. Lichter sustained the vocal
requirements of her part very well. Not
so much could be said of Eugenia Bark
er.' *¦ Teddy Webb had a good chance to
do a little, 'a very little, as Uncle.Tom
"In' burnt cork work, and that went all
right. The voices of Cunninghanwmd
Brownlow had some good songs, and
Tahnehlll has a duet tyjth 'Cunningham
that. is excellent. • • \
The scenery of "When Johhny Comes
Marching Home" should hqt be over
looked. There is a moonlight scene that
was so good that the'audlence applaud
ed it on first sight when there was no
one on the stage; so there was no' doubt
that it, was the sparkling of the moon
light on the river and the fireflies flit
ting about In the dusk of the magnolia
trees that caught the public fancy. In
addition to the white chorus there ] was
a black one arid a regular Southern
plantation "breakdown" on a, large
scale to lend variety and verisimilitude.
In the iine of adhering to the unities
of time the female chorus appeared in
the' first and second acts In full-blown
"crinoline," ' such as our mothers wore
in the days of the *€0's and thereabouts.
When thestage.was crowded end the
tiltlve crinolines were pushed about by
dancers, like so many, inflated balloons,
the audience laughed at the, outworn
custom of the good old time' to. its 'full
content. Hartman .had one turn in
crinoline.' -". : •
The odd thing about this last scene
was that Hartman actually went into
it with seriousness enough to arouse
the suspicion that he would be a melo
dramatic light ifj»ver his coruscations
and twinklings in the comic arena
should become dim. If there was any
surprise in the performance' Ferris
Hartman furnished It in the scene al
luded to. .
The essence of the story Is that a
newly married Union crmy officer,
brought by a singular train of circum
stances under suspicion as a spy, rath
er than to permit blame to fall upon
his wife or upon her young brother,
who is guilty, goes through a court
martial without telling the truth that
would save hirrfself from peril. Finally,
in the last scene, when the execution
of this officer Is due to take place, a
grotesque character, which is of course
Ferris .Hartman, supplies the excul
pating facts. i
in irum me ensemDie is the thing in
"When Johnny Comes Marching
Home." The solo work is not very am
bitious from the musical golnt of esti
mation,, but (here is a story and . the
acting was well enough* done to carry
to tHe end the' interest that fairly be
gan in 'the second act and to hold the
audience: in* suspense, notwithstanding
that the "argument" as printed In the
programme in advance left very little
to be guessed at. •
evening. It was put on with a chorus
that crowded the stage. whenever It was
all concentrated within the compass of
one scene. It not only filled the stage;
its volume filled the house so strongly
that it was' like a first-class imitation
of grand oDera at times.
Mr. and Mrs. Walter Dcaves' "Merry
Manikins" were new at the Chutes yes
terday and made hits at both perform
ances. La Drew and- La Zone, "tHe
daffy dame and the tad"; the Girdel
lers, society acrobats and equilibrists,
and Luce and Luce, comedy sketch art
ists, also made their first appearances
and were well received. Joe and Sadie
Brltton, the clever colored dancers; Ma
bpj Lamson, the illustrated singer,
and the animatoscope, showing many
new and interesting moving pictures
completed the programme. The ama
teurs will appear on Thursday night. .
Chutes,
The play as presented is strong in
character sketches and as weak in the
heroic as a play could very well be.
But whatever the finical critic might
find in shortcoming in the matter of
scenic effect and stage mounting, it
must be confessed that the character
sketches atoned for all the rest- Adele
Belgarde, as the gossipy Sirs. Lorimer,
was one of the central figures, with
Frances Starr, a winsome soubrette,
as a cheerful foil. There was a little
part in the cast that was cleverly and
conscientiously taken care of, and
that was the Howes of Walter Belasep.
The fault of overdoing was adroitly
avoided. Another sterling bit of acting
was that of the old-time favorite,
Georg? Osbourne. whom age cannot
wither nor custom stale, and the splen
did ovation with which his first ap
pearance was greeted must have been
highly flattering to' him. Fred Butler
should cast himself for a role that "will
keep him on the stage longer than he
remained last night. The audience
couldn't help thinking that the com
pany was materially weakened when
he was made stage director. The
Fletcher of Mr. Conness was good in
Bpots and rather tame in others, and
he seemed to have infected Miss Block's
role of Marian Wolton with the same
peculiarity. Mr. Durkin was appropri
ately dignified as the hero, Douglas
Rhodes, and Maria Howe played ditto
in the character of Mrs. Wolton. The
part, however, did not afford her an
opportunity of doing her special work,
hut dignity sets well upon her never
theless.
The play was the flame, and the
moths were the audience to' see what
little there was to be seen and to hear
a good deal of "The Moth and the
Flame," which began the week last
night at the Alcazar.
Alcazar.
The one Innovation of the melodrama
is that Georgie Woodthorpe smokes a
pipe. Georgie has to be : one. of the
"po' white trash," and she carries her
Missouri meerschaum with an air. but
tt/ thos*» who sit In the front rows the
secret will out. She smokes cubeb to
bacco. The smell of it reminds you
of your youthful days, when you used
to sneak behind the barn with the
brave, Imitation cigarettes when papa
was not at home. Besides Miss Wood
thorpe's pipe, there Is Tommy Shearer,
who fills In the gaps with blackfaco
specialties. The gaps demand same
thing strenuous, and he is some of that.
If any person does not feel a shud
der run up his spine at the Central thia
week it is because he, has no spine —
no nerves. For "The Moonshiners" Is
a mod old Morosco play of nerves./
The fact that there are no real pile
drivers or real fire engines is account
able for only because such things
would be out of place In the Blue Ridge
Mountains. They have a r5al villain,
however, and he Is compensation »for
the absent piledrlver and the missing
fire engine.
"The Moonshiners" is dangerously
like "In Old Kentucky." with the
horsey part cut cut; it la also, kin to
a dozen other melodramas of the plain
folks stamp. The promiscuous shoot
ing comes In just where such actions
should come. But there Is shooting;
and what would the Central be with
out the smell of powder after the ad
vertising curtain had been dropped?
Central.
The women also are very satisfying,
kathettne Stewart is an elaborately
comical and splendid .person as Lady
Granpler, and - Ina Goldsmith as the
spinster daughter Susannah Is Intelli
gently humorous. The rest as well as
these are well gowned, and the set
tings are solidly beautiful. Not expect
ing too much, one may v enjoy "Mrs.
Deering's Divorce."
BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
Percy Fendall has made a character
in Mrs. Deering that fits the chief lady
of ks cajst very happily. With the play
as a whole he has not been to success
ful,. The story is of a rather tempestu
ous pair who have too hastily decided
upon divorce. They still love each
other, but think they don't. A year
after the divorce the husband decides
to marry again, a wealthy spinster
with views. He comes amiably to tell
his wife about the matter and finds her
an the eve of receiving a visit from
the wealthy spinster, who is thought
fully coming to look into her future
husband's references. This scene 13
excellently handled by the playwright.
In fact, the whole first act is lavish In
promise. The husband goes to an ante
room while the catechism takes place,
his wife, divided between laughter and
tears, giving him an excellent "charac
ter," that is duly noted down by the
spinster. In the character of the spin
ster Mr. Fendall has again, been fortu
nate, the humorous and pathetic being
very skillfully blended. Deering comes
out after her departure to thank his
wife for her amiable recommendation,
and in five minutes is in the midst of
an affectionate quarrel with her. The
act closes with Mrs. Deerlng's accept
ance of a rich, "silly ass" kind of fel
low, Jimmy Foster, who adores her.
Up to here the play Is plausible and
quite ingeniously compounded. As will
be seen, Mr. Fendall had a meaty plot
to his hand and thus far had skillfully
developed It. Here, however, he seems
.to have become tired. His second act,
containing one very humorous scene
between Captain Deering and his Im
mensely respectable future mother-in
law. Lady Granpler; another between
Mr. Deering, the prospective father-in
law, and Lady Granpier, is sufficiently
funny but unconvincing. Its ...peAple
talk as even the lowest of high society
never talks, and the act ends in a near
approach to what south of Market calls
a "rough house." The third act again
is lightweight, with Mr. Fendall's big
gish opportunities gone a-gllmmerlng.
It takes place In the "parlors" of a
fashionable dressmaking establishment,
wher,e Jimmy Foster, Captain Deering
"and all the rest of the people rather
impossibly find themselves. Still, there
is plenty of entertainment In the»"pla'y
and it is excellently acted.
Capricious^ witty, high-spirited, Mrs.
Langtry Is as Mrs. Deering. There is a
constant suggestion of Mrs. Campbell
in the deep voice, though the nervous,
snappy delivery is very unlike the
suave measures of Mrs. Pat's phrase.
Not less unlike the serpentine quality
of the Campbell movement Is the large,
free, almost gawky gesture of Mrs.
Langtry. It is . a very satisfying as
sumption, her playful fencing with Cap
tain Deering, her scene with the spin
ster, the delightful bit where, listening
to a risque story from the model father
in-law, she sets the couch shaking with,
a laugh that Is the best of Its sort since
Dolly Varden's, all of high comedy or
der. Of course, .Mrs. Langtry's gowns
are charming, a black satin frock In
the Jlrst act— she Is laughably In
mourning for Captain Deering. white
and glitter in the second, and black vel- !
vet and ivory satin in the third. Curi
ously the actress' "make-up" was dis
tinctly amateurish. '
The support Is of unusually good
quality. Frederick Truesdell as Cap
tain Deering brings a not plausible
part convincingly into the picture. He
is virile, good natured and slightly
scampish— in the "Man-from-Mexlco"
way, just as the part demands. The
scene between him, Mrs. Langtry and
Mrs. Haydon in the first act Is a rather
remarkable example of stage manage
ment. It goes with splendid zip. Har
lod Mead is the "silly ass" man, Jimmy
Foster, and is vacuously clever. Steph
en B. French is an excellent Lord Gran
pier, with a little overleaping to the
farce comical.
I did not see Mrs. Langtry sixteen
years ago, so cannot say whether the
actress has "retained" her beauty. It
Is, however, a handsome woman, tall,
slim and shouldered like a Juno, that
comes out this time. They gave her
fifty-one years In -the foyer last night,
she doesn't look them by a good ten.
She still suggests, though irregular in
feature, the classic mold of her pictures;
her hair, bronze in its lights, is still
worn in Its graceful, old fashion, and
her bearing Is the same regal habit of
former fame. One thing is changed.
They said she could not act when she
was here before. Mrs. Langtry can act
now.
Stranger here for sixteen years, Mrs.
Langtry last night reappeared to local
ken in a new comedy by Percy Fendall,
"Mrs. Deerlng's Divorce." The audi
ence was large and gowny that greeted
the once famous English beauty, and
would probably have been as large
whatever she had presented. As with
Pattl it is a case of personality, curi
osity and sentiment. Those who saw
her sixteen years ,ago wanted fo see
If the "Jersey Lily" still retained her
beauty. Those who hadn't wished to
see the woman who came first into
prominence by pouring an Ice down the
august neck of the Prince of Wales.
Others again — but whatever the reason
every one was there and the house
crowded.
. .San Francisco has . v - heard. Madame
Adelina Pattl,. Baroness Cedergtrom,
the mos.t famous singer of her time, for
the last time. " . *; .
The, farewell concert given at. the
Grand Opera-house yesterday afternoon
attracted an audience that completely
filled the auditorium . and also the' big
stage:? " - •* ;¦ ¦ r "
J,, The.: enormous demand for Beats re-
Many Persons_Come From the Interior
to Attend the Matinee.
~ ~r — : — : ¦ ¦ ... •'•
TRAVEL LOXG DISTANCE^.')
There was a stageful of audience be
sides the houseful outside, and when the
curtain went up, revealing the assem
bled multitudes like a great chorus,
there was a twitter that became a roar
of laughter. Then, really, these are
good people thai Patti brings.* Signor
Sapio as accompanist is a'host in him
self, discreet, sympathetic and thor
oughly musiclanly. ' Miss Zamels, who
went on atta moment's notice with a
couple of solos in place of Anton Heg
ner, who was ill, again proved herself
a delightful fiddler. She "has, by the
way, Ysaye's own fiddle for • seventeen
years. Her substitute, numbers were
the prelude of. "The Deluge" (Saint-
Saens) and the rarely heard ''The Bee *
of Schubert, that, arranged for the
cello, was to be given by JMr. Hegner.
Miss Zamels'' other number was the
Gpunod-Wiehlawski "Faust Fahtaisle,"
conspicuous for some fine harmonics in
its clear and- fervid rendering. Miss
Margolles was again heard in some
brilliant Liszt, and Mr. Cunningham in
a smooth' and tender. "Liedariden
Abendstern" from Tannhausor. with a
rather unflramatic "I'Pagliaccl" pro
logue as encore. Mr. Virgo's numbers
wore "O Vision Entrancing" and
"Quando le Sera." There seems no par r
ticular xeason for Mr? Virgo to > sing.
An<3 so, and so, the greatest. voice of
the last century has for U3 ggne with
the things that return no mor? and to
the tuno of "The Last Farewell." :¦
BLANCHE PART1NGTON.
Schubert's "Serenade" was the next
programmed number, and not striking
ly sympathetic In fact; until madatno
reached the "Home Sweet Home" she
was not at her Thursday night level.
But here she came to her own again. I
suppose no one can sing this old," old
song, that even the whole ba'd band of
barrel organists has failed to kill, as
Patti can still sing it. There were pas
sages in it purely divine, and one cried
out: "Oh, the pity of it, that this thins
can ever die!" As second encore she
gave the "Cotnln* Thro* the Rye"
again'. But there was not in the ren
dering that amazing moment of youth,
that buoyant coquetry that carried th«
thing off so victoriously on Thursday.
The audience was by no means so en
thusiastic as on that famous day. The
applause . was as lengthy, but thinner.
Yet after the last note of the last song
that this greatest of singers will sing
here, it rang out tumultuously. Again
and again the' little lady returned— I
heard her say VBless their hearts!" as
she went to bow for the last time— and
how, oh, how, we should have loved
her but for that "Last Farewell!"
It spoiled for me all that went before
and came after it. Yet otherwise the
singer was not in so'good voice as on
the first evening. This doubtless wag
caused by the shock attendant on the
railway accident in which the Patti
company was concerned on Sunday.
Perhaps it was in consequence of -.his
that the song happened. The first night
audience escaped it. But she gave us
Handel, the lovely "Angels Ever
Bright and Fair," and with a charm
that is wholly hers. Fearful, after my
enthusiasms of Thursday night, to be
woefully disappointed yesterday, I was
doubly glad to find again that exqui
site, unique vocal quality that is the
essence of Patti's power. One hardly
got it fully yesterday, however, cer
tainly not in the Handel number. It
came more ripely in the first encore,
the favorite Gounod "Serenade." de
liriously phrased and balanced. Miss
Roza Zamels undertook the violin ob
ligato with quick and delicate sympa
thy, and with Signor Saplo's chivalric
support "at the piano there "\wa3 as
charming a bit of ensemble work as
you'll hear this side of Christmas. Ma
dame liked it herself, for she gave Miss
Zamels a sounding kiss as' sha came
off the stage and led the young vjolin
iste to the footlights to share the ap
plause. To this madamegave as en
core the never to be ' sufficiently exe
crated "Last Farewell."' » ' .'.
More, the unspeakable name. of Its
perpetrator is upon the programme.
The pong is advertised as for sale In
the foyer. It is further shamefully ac
knowledged to have been expressly
composed for Mme. Patti's farewell
tour. The inference is obvious, and
goes far jo justify those who have
cried out upon the commercialism of
this last visit of the singer. With
Handel, Schubert and Gounod upon the
programme, with all the wealth of Mo
zart and— to think for a moment of all
there is yet in the Pattl throat, and be
fore a vast audience at least entitled
to common courtesy, the singer's in
troduction of , this unholy, claptrap is
utterly inexcusable.
Qh, Patti, how could you? How could
you?
What have we ever done to you that
you should impose that • miserable
"Last Farewell" upon us? It is a
damned spot that will not out. The
cheapest ballad monger at the Orpheum
has never done worse, the Bowery
never beaten it. The rhyme is atro
cious—"real" with "feel," for one shin
ing example; the music— save the
mark!— a shrieking banality; the senti
ment—I thank thee for, the word, Wal
lace Brownlow— "putrid," positively
putrid. And Adelina Pattl sings it
sings it with a stage tear, as she says,
•'I smile, but I am weeping." or some
other such gibberish in which the thing
abounds.
NEW YORK, Jan. II.— The steamer
Umbria arrived to-day from Liverpool
and Queenstoxvn, showing the effects
of her encounter with the westerly
gale* and heavy seas. The forward
bulkhead under the bridge, was stove
in and had boen repaired with '¦•canvas.
and battens. The steamer had violent
pairs and very heavy head seas
throughout, the passage. The greatest
force of the gale was on January 6 and
7. Among the passengers was Melton
Prior, artist of the London Illustrated
News, who is on his way to Japan.
The sea which did the greatest dam
age boarded the Umbria over, her port
bow last Monday, smashing in the front
of the port Bide of the deckhouse and
wrecking the captain's room. The cap
tain's sextant, chronometer and other
instruments were destroyed and the
deck broken so that the water poured
down in the salon." So terrific was the
force of water that the brass port
opening, which received the full force
of the blow, was torn off and the thick
plate glass which covered it smashed.
Four sailors were injured, one of them
seriously. As goon as possible the open
ing was covered by a tarpaulin and
wood braces lashed to the front of the
deckhouse. This was not done, how
ever, before she shipped another wave,
which again flooded the cabin. A third
great sea was encountered on the after
noon of Wednesday, further wrecking
the captain's room and stripping off
the tarpaulin. ' m
Commissioner MeKenzie called the
President's attention to the urgent
need that the colony of Americans,!o
cated at Coldfoot be given reasonable
transportation facilities by the Gov
ernment.
MeKenzie says it is imp6ssible now
to obtain fresh meat in Coldfoot ex
cept that of -wild animals killed in the
vicinity, and that is scarce. Provi
sions of all kinds are high, as on ac
count of the practical impassability
of the trails, it costs $400 a ton to
transport provisions from Seattle to
Coldfoot.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 11. — D. A. Me-
Kenzie, United States Commissioner at
Coldfbot, on the Koyukuk River.
Alaska, had an interview with the
President to-day. The postoffice at
Coldfoot is one of th'e most northerly
stations of the United States. The
postmaster is a woman. She receives
and sends out ten mails each year.
Commissioner McKenzie is in Wash
ington to urge on the authorities the
necessity of improving the transporta
tion facilities of Alaska. A road, he
suggests, should be constructed from
the Yukon River to the Coldfoot re
gion «nd a reindeer station be estab
lished in the northern part of the Ter
ritory, where reindeer may be bred,
both for food and for the carrying: of
burdens.
"Beauty -Shop" at
Fischer's Great
Success. *
Police and Firemen
Safeguard the
Assembly.
Waves Sweep Over the Vessel.
Flooding: the Cabin and Bad
ly Injuring: Four Seamen
Bequest Is Made That the'
American Colony Be Given
Adequate Accommodations
CAPTAIN'S BOOM WRECKED
WANTS NEW KOAD BUILT
Mrs. Langtry Proves
Herself Clever
Actress.
Great Audience Is
Pained by Part
ing Ditty.
Commissioner Urges Better
Facilities for One of the
Most Northerly Stations
PATTI SINGS FAREWELL AND LEAVES
BEHIND MEMORY OF EXECRABLE SONG
Steamer Encounters a Heavy
# Gale in Atlantic and Great
Damage Is Done to the Deck
UMBRIA SHOWS
STORM BRUISES
MAKES APPEAL
FOR COLDFOOT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 12. 1901.
6
ADVERTISEMENTS.
***aii Miss Agnes Miller, of .¦!
Chicago, speaks to young women
about dangers of the Menstrual
Period.
•• To /Yoxrss Womet : —I Buffered for
six years with dysmenorrhea (painful
periods), so much so that I dreaded
every month, as I knew it meant three
or four days of intense pain. The
. doctor said this was due to an inflamed
condition of the uterine appendages
•caused by repeated and neglected colds.
"If yonnff £irls only realized how
dangerous it Is to take cold at this
critical time, much suffering wdqld bo
spared them. Thank God for XiVdia
E. Pinkliam's Vegetable Com-
pound, that was the only medicine
which helped me any. Within three
•weeks after I started to take it^ I
noticed a marked improvement in my
general health, and at the time of my
next monthly period the pain had
diminished considerably. I kept up
. the treatment, and was cured a month
later. I am like another person since.
I am in perfect health, my eyes are
brighter, I have added 12 pounds to my
weight, my color is good, and I feel
light and happy. w — Miss Agxm Miixeb,
25 Potomac Are. , Chicago, III. — fSOOO
forfHt If original of abcua Uttsr proving genuine-
ness cannot be produced.
The monthly sickness reflects
the condition of a woman'3
health. Anything? unusual at
that time should have prompt
and proper attention-
Well tend yon a sample free opon request.
SCOTT _* _BOW_NE, i 41 P««fl StraeVNew V«*.
sion contains the pure cod
liver oil it furnishes heat and
fat The hypophosphites pro-
vide tissue-food, blood-food
and marrow-food The com-
bination of the two represents
a wonderful form of nourish-
ment and one that Can be
readily taken and retained at
any stage *of the disease.
Scott's Emulsion gives best
results when used most reg-
ularly. Made a part of the
consumptive's regular diet it
will invariably afford relief.
Occasional use of • Scott's
Emulsion is a test unfair to
the Emulsion and the patient
the scale of health the right
way. Because Scott's Emul-
There, is no specific for
consumption. The nearest
approach" to a cure is right
living and Scott's Emiilsipn.
No matter -what the treat-
ment may be Scott's Emul-
sion will prove a valuable
addition. It has often turned
SCOTT'S EMULSION.Ilcluctant to L/cavc.
The <ivi! service appointees that
were legislated out* of office by the
Board of Health last Saturday are re
luctant to surrender their positions.
All reported as usual to Deputy
Health Officer Levy yesterday morn
ing, but he informed them that there
w.i5 nothing to do. All have received
official notification that their posi
tions are abolished, but on the advice
at their attorney they will report daily
for duty as usual..
Sweeney Gets Office.
William Sweeney Is rightfully en
titled to the office of Sheriff of l"uol
umne County, according to a decision
handed down by the . Supreme Court
yesterday. George Adams was declar
ed elected Sheriff, but an appeal to
the Superior Court resulted in a de
cision in favor of Sweeney. Adams
argued that the case should be dis
missed because he had not qualified
for office. The court says that this
technical point is of no importance.
Emergency Hospital Assignment*.
The newly appointed Emergency
Hospital surgeons reported for duty
yesterday morning at the. Central Hos*
pital. where Dr. J. I. Stephen, assist
ant emergency officer, made the fol
lowing assignments, in the absence of
Chief Surgeon Brackett. who is now in
tne East on leave of absence:
Central Emergency Hospital— Dr. J.
I. Stephen. Dr. W. E. Stevens, Dr. C.
P. Plnkham. Dr. R. E. Hill.
Harbor Hospital — Dr. G- W. Bosko
witz. Dr. C. F. Millar. Dr. C. G. Wil
son.
Park Hospital— -Dr. G. K.» Herzof.
Dr. J. W. von Werthem.
Potrero Hospital — Dr. Painter.
Chief Steward Charles C. Bucher.
whose ability has been recognized by
Mayor Schmitz and the new Board of
Health, had a busy day of Instructing
the nev/ hands. To Steward Bucher
has been delegated the full control of
all the nurses, assistant stewards and
drivers of the emergency ambulances.
He has made no assignments as yet,
but will do so to-day.
Golden Holds the Fort.
Isador Golden, the appointee of
Governor Pardee, held court yes
terday in the room vacated by
Percy V. Long. For the first
time | since assuming the office
of Justice of the Peace he per
formed a marriage ceremony. Had it
not been for the decision of Judge
Murasky declaring him de facto Jus
tice, Judge Golden says he would have
refused to do this, as the validity of
the' marriage might afterward be
questioned.
the city the. delights and charms of music
which for many rea»on3 they are unable to
< njoy at Golden Gate Park. I know of no
better nav In which the expenditure o* it
comparatively smelf sum of money can brlngr
more pleasure and advantage to so . many
people..
I favor itrcngly ths enlargement of ihe Park
Museum building and recommend that some
provision be made for that purpose in the next
tax levy. I make this early suggestion so
that you may have It before you when other
suggestions are being considered.
I also recommend earnestly that members
of the Fire Department be allowe-i four days'
ljave of absence .>er month, and members of
the ' Police Derartmtnt at least one day oft
per month without 'less of pay. and that a
sufficleut appropriation be provided to meet
this requirement. 1 am firmly of the opinion
that botli -JeDartmtnts would be benefited
thereby, both in efficiency and in accomplish
ment.
PUBLIC SCHOOLS.
No treatment of our public school system
within the limits of an Intelligent economy
can b-_- too liberal. The pres;nt Board of
Education has raised the character or our
schools to a very high standard. I am con
fident that the School Department will re
ceive at your hands Just and fair consider*
tlo::. The Board of Health Intends, during the
coming year, without extra cost to the city,
to provide for the regular sanitary and med
ical Inspection during schcol hours . of all
schools and school children In the city, and
I have no doubt that their work in this
direction will cause better health conditions
throughout the city.
It will also Institute a similar inspection
of t^e factorl?s nnd v.-orkshons of the city
for the protection and benefit of the children,
an we".! as of the adults v.bo toll therein.
Th«se conditions will conduce to create much
better conditions for the tolling masses. The
system of milk and food inspection and analysis
also about to be established by the Hoard of
Health will do much to prevent Infant mor
tality, and will also provide better security
for us all.
The harbor front, of San Francisco should
be under the control of the municipal authori
ties. Tour honorable board should take steps
to achieve this result. No better benefit could
be acccmr>H*hed for the business men and
the commercial prestige of San Francisco thav.
to • change the conditions which now exist
along our water front and which will continue
to exist ks long a« it continues to remain the
asylum for political patronage of the entire
State of California.
From t.me to time I shall be pleased, as
occasion arises, to rubmlt to you such further
views and suggestions ¦ as I may consider of
interest to you, and I trust they wiir always
ba-receivttd and regarded by yculn the spirit
In which they chall be mad: — for the Inter
ests of the city and in fulfillment of our duty
to our constituency.
With ffood will to each and all of you. for
the gocd of the common cause in which we
are Interested. I repeat the hope- t>at har
mony and good feeling will prevail among you
throughout your entire t*rm. and that Ihers
may be left upon the history of San Francisco
A iVrord of substantial achievement and bene
fit, because of our term of administrates ser
vice.- Respectfully submitted.
E. E.' SCHMITZ. ;
Ordered Hack for Duty.
The Police Commissioners met as a
Pension Board yesterday afternoon
and out of the eight men on the re
tired list who were examined as to
their fitness for active duty only one
was ordered to report to Chief Witt
man. He is Raymond M. Silvey, who.
whUe doing detective duty, was retired
on April 16, 1900. He jofned the force
on February 27,. 1874, and was 55
years of age when retired. The cases
of some others have not been finally
disposed of.
Anthony to Walk the Carpet.
Corporal Abraham Anthony has
been cited to appear before the' Police
Commissioners on a charge of derelic
tion of duty. Anthony was detailed to
find out whether Mrs. Lydia Hume of
Toledo. Ohio, had died in this city, and
where, but he failed to do so and
through his negligence her body was
cremated here instead of being sent
to her home in Toledo for interment.
Custom-House Xotes.
Ramon Arias Feraud Jr. has been
recognized as Consul General for Pan
ama at this_ port. He was recognized
as temporary Consul a few weeks ago.
The services of William K. Hatch as
sampler in the custom-house have
been dispensed with and he has been
transferred to the Los Angeles cus
tom-house as examiner of merchan
dise at a salary of $1500 per annum.
The Secretary of the Treausry has
notified Collector Stratton that the
Venezuelan Government had estab
lished custom-houses at Tucasasand
Cristobal Colon and had reopened
the custom-house at Ciudad Bolivar.
Frederick A. Whitney has been ap
pointed an unclassified, laborer at
$J>40 per annum.
This slackness and lac'.» of sysieni have cost
the city many thousands of dollars in ascer
tained defalcations,, many more thousands, un
doubteoly. which have never been discovered,
and additional thousands for expert services
for discovery what in alt probability can never
bs recovered. I^ast year the bills for expert
accountants alone of official books amounted
to over $7C0O.-
In addition to these losses and expenses, the
present system of disorganized accountancy
Involves. thr> employment in the various of
fices of cashiers at good salaries, multiplies
the possibility of losses by error as well as
by intention, and is wasteful and pernicious ln
the extreme.
STREET IMPROVEMENTS.
Under present conditions there is hardly any
check on any' official ¦ who receives' money If
he makes no entry of It In his books. In sev
eral of the offices several deputies may receive
moneys, and. If not entered, it. can scarcely
be traced. There Is protection neither for the
city nor fcr the citizen who pays. I suggest
that a system be devised of numbered receipts
(something In the nature of. a Wells-Fargo
money order), which shall be delivered to the
respective city officials and charged against
them for their face value, and each receipt
shall thereafter be accounted for by the of
ficial receiving the same.
Notices should be posted conspicuously in
every office that no receipt except the official
receipt should be accepted by any person pay-
Ing in any money. This would safeguard the
city's Interests and would effect a great sav
ing of expense. One clerk In the Treasurer's
or Auditor's office could. In my opinion, do all
the 'necessary cash accountancy of every mu
nicipal department, except as to the collection
of taxes. I respectfully recommend that an
ordinance be framed on the line of these sug
testions.
. I strongly reiterate the recommendation
made ln my first inaugural message, and which
has just been made also by the .Merchants'
Association of San Francisco, that the city
acquire and operate its own street-sweeping
plant, and I see no reason why the city should
not also own and operate a municipal paving
plant. Private corporations find no difficulty
in operating economically and efficiently such
plants, and I see no good reason why the
city should not be able to do likewise.
I shall favor strongly, and I recommend
earnestly, that at least (until the money from
the proposed bonds shall be available for the
purpose and Indeed thereafter) a liberal appro
priation be made for the proper repair and
improvement of accepted streets. Many of
them are certainly In bad condition now. and
the most liberal appropriation posaible under
our charter restrictions will be none too large
for these purposes.
It may be possible that upon proper Investi
gation and regulations enough money could be
realized from the rentals of the spaces under
sidewalks In the business districts now used
and rented for. business purposes to aid mate
rially In the work of repavlng and Improving
such streets. A cursory examination Into tVii.->
matter discloses that many, many thousands
of dollars are annually collected as rents for
sub-sidewalk spares by owners of abutting
lands who have no more legal right to col
lect rent .for the space under -ihe sidewalk
than they would have to collect rent for simi
lar space In the middle of the street: for the
legal street belonging to the city exteeds from
building line to building line and includes the
sidewalk as well as the roadway. Justice, it
seems to me, would require that the city should
receive the rent of Its own property -rather
than that the same should be collected by
persons who have neither legal nor moral right
to receive such rents. I Isy this matter be
fore you for your early consideration. Tli*
city could certainly utilize the sub-sidewalk
space for Its own conduit system Iftthe own
ers of the adjacent properties should decline
to pay a satisfactory rental therefor.
I DISCUSSES GAS RATES. ,
Th« consolidation of the various companies
which have txeii supplying the city, with gas
and electric light has led to an increase in
the price of gas In San Francisco, not at all
justified by the cost of its manufacture and
distribution. The consolidation itself and the
improved and cheaper methods of manufacture.
It sefms to me, should have impelled a re
d'jctlon, • rather than a raise In price; and I
have recently betn Informed by gentlemen who
contemplate the establishing of a 'competing
plant thai a large profit could be r:alized by
the consolidated companies from the sale of
gas at the prices prevailing before their con
solidation. *
Many complaints have come to me lately,
not only of th. high price, but also of the
poor quality of the gas furnished. As it will
be your duty durlnx the next month to fix
the minimum rates for gas and electric light
In this city, I deem It my duty to call these
facts to your attention and recommend that
youtfike action therecn. -
In view of ths many recent fatalities due
to gas asphyxiation, most of which are said
to be due to the presence of an undue propor
tion of deadly carbon monoxide cas, I sug-
S'*t also for • your consideration the advisa
bility of considering the question of restrict
ing, by proper legislation, the percentage of
such monoxide iras which may be permitted
In any gas furnished for Illuminating or fuel
purposes.
Th«> failure of the Secretary of the Interior
to allow the • city the II?tch-Hetchy reser
voir sites in connection with a prop<s?d
municipal water supply has been extremely
disappointing, bet this action will merely
postpone, for a rhort tim*, the problem of
securing for ?an Francisco an adequate
municipal supply of . nure > water for Its In
habitants. There can bs no • question
that such a supply will s ion bo an absolute
necessity. The company now sntplyine the
city is taxed to the utmost to keep pace with
our advancing needs, and may not b*> able,
with Its tireaent facilities, to equal the de
mands of t!-.e immediate future. Everv ef
fort should , b? made to secure, without any
unnecessary delay, p. better and more abund
ant supply. The peonle of this city are en
titled, to pure fresh water, to as much* of it as"
they may ne<d. and at a lower rate than that
which they have- been obltced to pay and are
now paylnc. . 1 recommend that your honor
able board take up the question of acquiring
& municipal water supply as one of the most
serious and important propositions which ; can
come before you. 1 pledge you ,rny support
and assistance toward the achievement of. this
result at the carllert possible time and with
the least possible delay. .
THEATERS TO BE SAFE.
' The appalling disaster which has 1 recently
overwhelmed Chicago, has called our atten
tion to t'.>e possibility of similar danger hire.
While the urecautlons which have In recent
years be*>n taken here have minimized ~ the
risks. It -iP our bounden^ duty .to 'make con
ditions In our theaters and in all our places
of . amusement u secure and 'safe aa human
power and human foresight . can make them.
I was glad to see that your predecessors have
called' for reports and recomendatlons from
the 'various departmental authorities regard
ing', the safety of these places of public re
sort.' Prior, to that actlcn, I had made a sim
ilar-request upon the' departmental officials.
Their reports will soon - be received. whTe
upon I trust that you will take such legisla
tive proceedings as will- render least possible
any. caUstrophe such -as that which has
brought sorrow upon our sister city, r
,1 'wish also to. repeat, a. recommendation
heretofore made by me to' your predecessors
that provision be made in the budget for pub
lic open-air concerts Jn various public squares
of f the city, bringing = clow to the • people of
earning factors of the same community and
pledge themselves to contribute large sums of
money to a common fund for these purposes,
hoping by the liberal use of such moneys to
force a capitulation of the laboring classes to
their prospective demands or present desires,
they are building up Ideas which will eventual
ly not only react upon themselves, bringing sor
row and perhaps ruin to many and danger to'
the city's best Interests, but will also bring
about discontent and industrial strife among
our people, arraying class against class ami
producing conditions the end of which no one
can foresee. I have repeatedly said, and I
have always consistently endeavored to five up
to the declaration, that capital and labor,, em
ployer and employe, should have equal
consideration, equal protection, that cap
ital must have *afe and steady in
vestment In order that labor may
have constant and remunerative employment;
that the Interests of both are for a conserva
tive and friendly recognition by each of the
rights of the other, and under all circum
stances and conditions I propose to abide by
and to effectuate these Ideas, and I will ask
your support in these views for the safety and
security of vested rights, for the progress and
prosperity cf our city, and for the well being
of the Individual citizenship of San Francisco.
Any secret alliance of citizens of San Fran
cisco having such purposes and objects will un
doubtedly become a menace to the advance
ment of our city's material and social Interests
and an obstacle to her Industrial progress. I
C °" Ce iy, e . U . t0 , b ? cur clcar du t.v. as the govern
ing offlcla.s of ban Francisco, to deprecate and
LrJ f ,P,M mn ,, th « r « ulta "h'ch must necessarily
and naturally flow from such organizations and
S2i SnJi'2J W a i ir ? !t « mo ' t ln J url0l »ly If It would
lnd . rflnlleI y the public works of
£Zn £ d . anU ? e t0 Sa " Francisco which have
been projected upon the issuance of the bonds
recently voted for by the people of this city
ntmt?.. m Ef'u lm Provements and public
sued .™ % «£><;»> the«e \>onds are to be Is
sued are of vital importance and of Dressing
e'arfie^o bOnds shouId & ««ued "i th*
nrl^.7 i P i ble momen t consistent with the
P^ 1 " 1 a " d economical utilization of their
vo^fr h • A <7 an 8 em «ts should be effected by
D rov?«l«L Sa i? ln accor<il » n < ? e with the charter
are fi?^. ,. '? "« wer9 ™<* Improved greets
are Imperatively needed. A new City and
County Hospital i a urgently required. The
rh^'. C h h n°,?M O K 8e9 , « h o»ld be secured, ai oncel
there should be also the public parks and Dlav
grounds and the library building The people
nr^f a ,? ted bonds showed their .p
preciatlon of these necessities and will re
2Ston "* ** the ' r 8e "«nt*. immediate
RECOMMENDS ECONOMY.
on T lln^ US nf ne r"n Of ?• clty should be conducted
of efflci^rv l iS na f co , nom y without sacrifice
tlaiw I wt y ,- Mun ' c| P al government is essen
trttion wL n iT Ml the buslnM « °f city adminis
tration. While ever more expensive than th»
re^'wh' a , PriV ' le «terpru£ th«S ?s no
l^ v T L " trava *ant and unnecessary sal
aries ehould be saddled on our taxpayers to
menls XCl u' On h» Of m , UCh "'«>«»¦ P "bite* tetter?
™* ,^' hav<> ' l am certain, been paying
out too large a proportion of the city's rove*
nue for salaries of employes. I am In favor of
ever ° I? """^^ cf <lly ™Ployes wher
efflrlJnVv r ,. °" e wtth °ut Impairing the
efficiency of a department I believe in fair
T^u a t" d C r d eaIarlM - '" the employment of
h n °J^ ?\ and mosi efficient men. but I am
opposed to the crowd ng of public ofttiic* with
[h mi "S W f 0S^ le dU V V '^- t" n»Jf ?,^ 2
the work of other employes who are paid to
u, er v. the ? ame * ro "nd. and who would be
able by strict attention to their duties laslly
ElviS 50111 !? 1 "! 1 ! II UUhOUt detriment to them*
sen cs. If all the employes of the citv wnulrl
nutT te wuTr h IVC8t0 l , he P^forma e nce of the ?
duties with the jiame force, energy and atten
tion as would be given' by them In a prlvat*
employment, a large proportion of the working
force of the City Hall could. In my opinion^
™m y i C d £ n t. aWay w|th - In ever y depart:
Z »trlXr i" Cl J, n 1y a PP° inl *" are in control
«»»£." ~,w a "r re< l ues t of them to follow
?h writ P° Cy ' X , Cal L your a »ention now to
JlrJ t ?\ lns . tance <> f what can be done In this
direction In accordance with my pledge to
the people who voted me Into my high office
1 expressed last Friday to the newly appolnt-d
Board of Health, which took office on -that
day my desire that they should reorganize
l f e « d w£ a ? mC ? t °2 thl " basls - The Hoard
of Hralth has found it possible by a plan of
organization adopted on the above day in the
central office of that department alone to save
$!W0<) per annum In salaries nnd at the samu
time materially increase the potential effi
ciency of the office. This Is but one example
of what may be done. Whenever It may b»
found possible to economize without cnnnlinit
or Injuring the working power of a department
it Is my present Intention to carry out the
same policy. In this connection I submit to
your Judiciary Committee the consideration of
proper legislation to bring all the departments
of the city under municipal control It i"«
shameful that s.uch abuse* as have prevailed
In the County Clerk's office during the Ia*t
'^f n.?? 1 h t° Ul f d i b f a " ow ' d to continue with
out th« right of Interference by the munlc'cal
authorities where the city pays ev-T^ doffr
of the cost of administration of such offices
Early in my term I commenced an Investiga
tion Into some of the matters which developed
flagrantly later In the County Clerk's office
but was prohibited by the courts from con^
tlnulng my Investigation on the ground that
the office was a county office and that the
charter provision giving the Mayor the- rlirht
to Interfere with such offices was Invalid -If
such be the proper construction of the law
then any of the various so-called county of
fices may at will ond with Impunity dissipate
the funds of the city by the employment of
useless and Incompetent clerks and in many
other ways which It Is not necessary "to re
view here. ¦ Something should certainly b»
done to abrogate the distinction now made be!
twe*n county and municipal offices in this city
where all elected officers derive their office
and their pay from the same source
BUREAU OF SUPPLIES.
CASH .ACCOUNTANCY.
In the same line of economical administra
tion It seems to me that a large and intelli
gently governed city like ours should be abl«
to put Into cfTect a . rt form in the matter of
the purchese and distribution of supplies for
public institutions and departments which
would not only prove more economical but
would render much better service. And this
should be secured, even if it be necessary to
submit a charter amendment to accomplish the
object. No well-regulated private business con.
cern would think . for a moment -of, having a
dozen or more , storekeepers, commissaries and
agents In as many different departments act-
Ing independently of one another in the same
generar direction. A concentration of this ele
ment of. our municipal business in a central
department and Its proper regulation would
effect a rational • saving of thousands of dol
lars a year In salaries and In the purchase,
receipt and distribution of municipal supplies.
I strongly recommend to your honorable board
th» earnest consideration of this suggestion.
Such a bureau would also render possible more
careful supervision, and would "enable the city
to make certain that goods of home manufac
ture and the product of free white labor were
being delivered. at the various Institutions us
called for. , • - . .
My experience and investigation during the
last two year* has convinced me. as It must
convince every one who has considered the mat
ter at; all. that there Is much looseness and
carelessnerj In the cash transactions of -.the
various city ' of flees and departments. '- ¦
Mayor Schmitz yesterday transmit
ted his annual message "to the Board
of Supervisors. It was read by the
Mayor himself. It was received in si
lence by the Supervisors during its
reading, and no comment was made by
any of them afterward. The message
follows:
Ocntlemen of the Board of Supervisors — Pur
suant to a very agreeable and useful custom
I am pleased now to pn-sent to you my second
inaugural address and bespeak for its sugges
tions and recommendations your indulgent con
sideration. 1 shall depart from the usual prac
tice of presenting a historical retrospect of the
events of the past term, and shall take the
liberty of laying before you a few impressions
and ideas which may be found of public in
terest and benefit and of future advantage to
our city.
THANKS THE PEOPLE.
At the outset, however, I wish publicly and
formally to express to my fellow-cltlzens my
deep sense of appreciation and obligation for
their continued confidence in me, as evidenced
by the flattering and increased majority' by
which they have returned me to the chief
magistracy of the city for a second term. I
shall endeavor to Justify their trust by un
swerving and unending devotion to their inter
ests and to a Just. Impartial, efficient and
business-like administration of the city's af
fairs eo far as the power so to do in me lies,
keeping ever before me the principle of equal
rights to all without distinction of class, or
station, or industrial, religious, political or"
financial stations.
To the retiring members of the Board of
Supervisors I wish to S8y that while they
have not at all times been In accord with my
views or policies, I recognize that they have
throughout their term zealously; and earnestly
acted for what they believed to be the com
mon good, and that they deserve the bes«
wishes and the utmost consideration of their
fellow-citlzene. To you, the newly elected
Hoard of Supervisors, I would say that you
will have my earnest and hearty co-operation
In all matters looking to the public weal, and
I tru« that I shall receive from you the same
friendly co-operation in similar matters. The
powers which are vested in you are vast and
important. You are to make the law for this
great city, and It Is for you to provide Ite
finances and to apportion and Indeed, in ef
fect, to expend its funds In every department
of its covernment. The proper exercise of
these Important powers will require Judgment,
zealous attention and energetic action on your
part, and at no point will you find me lacking
in most cordial support and assistance.
MAYOK AND SUPERVISORS.
Between the Board of Supervisors and the
Mayor there is such Intimacy, both of official
and of personal relationship, that the recip
rocal attitude of the one to the other should
and I hope ever will be of the most pleasant
and friendly nature^ — In the Interest of har
monious and successful administration.
Petty personal animosities or political dlf
ferencts should not affect ,us on either side
in our a>alins» with public affairs, and our
action should in no case be determined by
personal feeling or prospective political ad
vantage.
In the last two yean, 1 took occasion twice
to veto what, upon careful examination, ap
peared to me to l>e appropriations for extrava
gant and unnecessary municipal disburse
ments.
Thene vetopa were overruled by your pre
decesfors, and the moneys which might hav-f
bepn saved for street improvements or other
municipal betterments were expended as
originally appropriated. My attention has been
called to come 111 feeling expressed by some
of the members of the preceding board, who
are also members of your board, because of
my notion in that regard. I wish to assure
these centlemen now, as I did then, that on
my part there was naught of personal con
sideration or of personal feeling; It Is my
desire that a similar condition shall prevail
with them, and that they shall harbor no
rcst-ntment for any offlcal action taken In the
public Interest. Antagonism based on such
official action Is always injurious to the peo
ple's interests.- of which we are but the tem
porary trv.stet-s.
For the work which Is before you and for
yourselves. I invoke the utmost succefs and
satisfaction, and for your term of office the
credit and appreciation which goes with hontst
effort and successful realization.
POINTS OUT DAXGEIt.
The past two years have been years of pros
perity and of good fortune for San Francisco.
They have been also essentially years of peace,
and of freedom from violent strife. It Is, of
course, not possible in so short a time to
adjust to an absolute nicety relations between
elements of the community which have for
years been brought to look upon one another
as adveroe. but marked progress has been
made along lines of Industrial peace, and a
better understanding has been brought about
between the two great divisions of our in
dustrial activities, labor and capital, employer
and employe. The differences which have ex
isted between them have been due somewhat
to misunderstanding. - somewhat to misrepre
sentation, and largely to bad and probably
not disinterested advice, on the one side or
the other It has been my endeavor, on every
possible occasion, to create a better under
standing and a better condition between thes.»
groat elements of our commercial and Indus
trial prosperity, and 1 am pleased to say that
In almost every Instance I hav* succeeded In
accomplishing that purpose, to the satisfaction
and advantage of both sides. Of course, there
have at times been unavoided petty squabbles,
which for various reasons, have resisted ad
justment; but, on the whole, there has been
a most sattstactory solution of every labor
problem which has confronted us during our
preceding administration^
The hopes of the people have become strong.
Indeed, that during the next two years all dif
ficulties and differences, if any should arise,
can be profrreissively and more readily adjusted
along the lines cf pleasant and intelligent un
derstanding and co-operation between these two
important elements of our people, that the lines
of distinction between them would be dimmed.
If not obliterated, and that in one homogeneous
tody they would go forward together to pro
mote the . eventual and unquestionable destiny
of San Francisco as a leader of the world of
commerce and of Industry, of enterprise and of
achievement. But Just as this picture of ad
vancement and of pride appears upon the hori
zon of our hopes comes the depressing an
nouncement that a number cf misguided men
are Initiating a movement. for the estnblidh
ment <<of an organization which shall disrupt
the peaceful condition which we have striven
for H> long and so earnestly, which will put an
end to the co-operation and mutual good will
which we have sought to create and which will
net up In their stead distrust, dissatisfaction,
discord, class hatred and etrife. How men of
Intelligence and of civic patriotism, men Inter
ested in San Francisco's welfare. In the success
of their own business enterprise, and In the
advancement of their fellow citizens' prosperity
can be go blinded to the results which will fol
low the establishment of such an organization
is .almost beyond comprehension, • ,
CLASS AGAINST CLASS.
When the employing capitalistic- agencies
of a community band themselves together In a
secret alliance for th» express purpose of op
poslne and subiucatinc the ' tniployed or wage
City's Chief Executive Makes Numerous Recommendations
for Improvement of Municipality. ,
The Board of Supervisors yesterday
adopted a number of resolutions de
signed to improve the safety of thea
ters and other buildings. The first or
dinance aims to regulate the use of
aisles, passageways and stairways in
theaters and public halls, and ¦ was
passed to print., It forbids any person
during a performance to sit or stand
in any aisle, passageway or stairway.
A resolution requests the Board of
Fire Commissioners to idvise whether
the fire limits should not be extended
and over what streets or parts of
streets such extension should be made.
The Board of Public Works and the
Fire Warden were requested by reso
lution to make a written report on
the condition of all hotels, hospitals
and lodging-houses with respect to their
safety against danger from fire. The
first named board was requested to
make a report of the number of such
buildings, their locations and the dates
of their erection.
The chief of the Department of Elec
tricity was directed to report on the
condition of the electric wlring"of thea
ters and public halls and other public
places of amusement.
ISLAIS CREEK PLANS.
The Board o* \Vork3 was requested
to give information as to what steps
have been. taken by it and the Har
bor Commissioners in compliance with
a resolution recently passed to have
their engineers prepare a plan for the
improvement of Islais Creek and
Swamp District in order that the same
may be used as a barin and harbor to
accommodate the growing commerce of
the city.
The ordinance declaring the length
of the main track and the assessed
value of the /United Railroads as fixed
by the State Board of Equalization was
indefinitely postponed in view of the
City Attorney's opinion that the city
would surrender its right to assess the
corporation within the limits of San
Francisco if the ordinance is passed.
The Union Oil Company was granted
permission for a period of sixty days
to maintain a spur track already con
structed on Illinois street. The Board
of Works is to prepare a map to deter
mine the lines of the property of the
company located on Illinois street.
TO EXTEND AVENUE.
An ordinance was finally passed ac
cepting a deed from M. A. Fritz to
land for the extension of Tremont ave
nue. •
The roadway of Bartlett street be
tween Army and Twenty-sixth was
fully accepted.
The recommendation of the Board of
Works that prevision be made in the
next budget for the widening by eight
feet of the roadway of Mission street
from East to Ninth and for its rc
paving with basalt blocks on a con
crete foundation and a binder course
was adopted.
' The property owners on norland
street between Church and Sanchez
petitioned the board to place an ade
quate main "in the block named and to
erect another lamp at the corner.
The petition of citizens that the
Health Department be authorized to
issue permits to bury the ashes of cre
mation in the various cemeteries was
referred to the Health Committee.
The Board of Supervisors, by a vot»
of 14 to 3, yesterday overruled Mayor
Schmitz's veto of the ordinance tak
ing from him the power of appointing
a poundmaster and placing it in the
hands of the board. The vote on the
proposition whether the ordinance
should be finally passed notwithstand
ing the Mayor's veto was:
Ayes — Alpers. Booth. Boxton, Bran
denstein. Braunhart, Comte, Connor.
d'Ancona. Eggers, Hocks, Lunstedt,
McClellan. Payot, Rock.
Xoes — Bent. Finn, Rea (3).
The passage of the ordinance, in
effect, removes Quinn from his posi
tion, but the Mayor intimated that ths
matter would be contested in court.
The Finance Committee has recom
mended that the pound be placed un
der the -management of the Society
for the Prevention of Cruelty to Ani
mals.
The joint Committee on Finance.
Police and License filed a lengthy re
port signed by Brandenstein, Payot.
Boston. Eggers and McClellan recom
mending that the ordinance pass for
reasons both of policy and of law.
notwithstanding the veto of the May
or. The report resents the assertion
of the Mayor in his veto message tlmt
the ground of objection to Irwin's ad
ministration "is claimed to be his us
ing'on occasion when on the road un
official receipts." The report says:
• "That is a complete mlsstatement
that was doubtless involuntary. The
Mayor's statement that he believes
that the public pound has never been
better or more fairly administered
than by the Incumbent is astounding
in view of the testimony of Sam
Pearce. one of Irwin's deputies, who
testified that he had pocketed money
to allow animals to roam at large."
The report repeats the testimony of
John Partridge, who said the Mayor
had informed him that the pound was
being admirably conducted by the So
ciety for Prevention of Cruelty to An
imals. The Mayor agreed to appoint
a man Selected by the society, but
when the man went to the Mayor h«
was informed that another would b«
appointed. y
MAYOR PASSES THE LIE.
"The statement attributed to Mr.
Partridge I notv denounce as a mali
cious lie," said the Mayor. "It seem*
to me that if any evidence was intro
duced at the committee's investigation
personally reflecting upon me I should
have been notified to attend the meet
ing. I never had any conversation
with Mr. Partridge on the subject. The
only one whom I spoke to was Mr.
Holland, who agreed to accept Irwin
as poundmaster if he would work for
$75 per month, but afterward refused
to do so." . ;
"You may denounce Mr. Partridge
as a perjurer," said Branden3tein,
"but it is a fact that he testified under
oath and bears an excellent reputation
in this community, but the point here
involved is that Irwin has proven to
be incompetent and his administration
is inadequate and the pound is loosely
run." : . -
3IUST SUBMIT PLANS.
The State Board of Charities and
Correction sent a communication in
closing a copy of the law creating the
board, which requires that plans for
the building of or alterations to the
County Jail. County Hospital or Alms
house must be submitted to it before
adoption. E. C. Moore is president
and W. A. Gate3 secretary of the
board.
The following bills were finally
passed:
Granting permission to the Asso
ciated Oil Company to lay an oil pipe
line along Berry. Sixth and Townsend
streets.
Changing grades on Waller street.
Godeus street and Central avenue.
Requiring the Board of Works and
Fire Wardens to make semi-annual
reports to the Supervisors on theaters
with respect to their safety against
fire and panic.
Authorizing an expenditure of $723»
to be. made in payment to Annie . E.
Chapman for a judgment in condem
nation of lands for St. Mary's square.
The Geary-street Railway Cqrapany
deposited $742 in the City Treasury,
being 5 per cent on its gross receipt*
for the month of December, 1303. as
Xollows: From passengers. $14.«44 20;
school tickets, $46; advertising \n
cars, $150; total gross receipts, $14,»
840 20.
The Board of Public Works is mak
ing preparations to carry out a plan
of reorganization similar to that put
into effect last Saturday by th,e Board
of Health, which will result in nearly
100 subordinates losing their positions.
These will include a large number who
are not under civil service and quite a
few who are presumed to be protected
by the merit system.
The sweeping changes contemplated
by the Board of Works will' be made in
all probability at to-morrow's meeting,
or at a special meeting to be held at
a later date. Commissioners Schmitz
and Woodward have been in consulta
tion with the Mayor and are arranging
the details for the proposed wholesale
removals.
There are 140 positions not under civil
service and a large majority of these
w-ill be declared vacant and successors
appointed thereto who were open In
their advocacy of Mayor Schmitz's re
election. Among those of the class men
tioned whose tenure of office is in jeop
ardy are City Engineer Grunsky, City
Architect Cuthbertson and Gas Inspec
tor Tui.cr, whA will be succeeded on
January 31 by Thomas Eagan.
TO MAKE OTHER CHANGES.
Other changes contemplated will be
in accorl with the policy of retrench
ment of Mayor Schmitz as expressed in
his message to the Board of Supervis
ors, in which he vetoed certain specific
appropriations of salaries for positions
which he considers unnecessary.
The positions that will be directly af
fected, together with the yearly sala
ries attached to them, are as* follows:
One clerk in the general office, $1500;
one messenger, $900; one stenographer
and clerk of the bureau of buildings,
$1500; one clerk in the bureau of streets,
$1200; three clerks, bureau of streets,
$4500; one keeper in the corporation
yard, $900; two carpenters at the cor
poration yard, $2100; three inspectors,
bureau of architecture, $3900; certain
employes in the bureau of engineering
not specified, but considered unneces
sary by the Mayor, $10,000.
TO REDUCE SALARIES.
Several subordinates whose salaries
were increased by Commissioners
Casey and Manson without authority
from the Board of Supervisors are like
ly to suffer a reduction to the original
figures.
Among the changes that will be made
will be the deposal of eighteen janitors,
who will make way for a similar num
ber made ud of one man from each of
the various Assembly districts. There
are thirty-four janitors in all employed
by the board, leaving sixteen more
places to fill. v
The Board of Supervisors adopted a
resolution introduced by D'Ancona pro
viding for an investigation by the
joint Committee on Finance, Civil Ser
vice and Health of the proceedings of
the Board of Health in removing civil
service employes without cause. The
resolution follows:
Whereas. At it» meeting, held Januarv 9.
19l4. as reported by the press, the Board of
Health adopted resolutions abolishing posi
tions filled bv officers appointed from the
eligible list certified to by the Civil Service
Commission after competitive examination, no
charge* whatsoever having been filed with the
Civil Service Commiwion. and no opportunity
having been given to said officers to be heard
In their own defense, as required by the
Charter, section 32, article 13. which reads as
follows:
"No deputy, clerk or employ* In the classi
fied civil service of the city and county, who
¦hall have been appointed under said rules,
shall be removed or discharged except for
ca.u?>e. uoon written charges and after an op
portunity to be heard in his own defense. Such
charges shall be investigated by or before the
Civil Service Commission, or by or before
eeme officer or board appointed by the Corn
imfstoiier! 1 to conduct such investigation. The
finding and decision of the Commissioners or
rach investigating officer, or board, •when ap
proved by the Commissioners. 6hall be certl
fiej w» the appointing officer or beard, and
?hall be forthwith enforced by cuch officer.
Nothing i:i this article shall limit the power
of any officer or board to suspend a subordi
nate for ¦ reasonable period, not exceeding
thirty days": and
Whereas. The Board of Health established
fimilar tuitions with similar duties, appoint
ing thereto persons not on the eligible list
n.r eertfled to bv the Civil Service Commis
sion; and
VIOLATES THE MW.
WhTfaj, The abolition of an office on th?
classified civil service list and the recreation
of wjrti office under another title is a flagrant
viulation of the letter and the spirit of the
< ivil t^rvico provisions of the charter, and a
i-ubtci-fu;je by which the merit system Is re
r!a'** > d by the uikjIIs s-ystem, and must ••€.
I'^nd-'mneii unqualifiedly and checked In its
un-ipi<Mi<y by the supervisorial power of the
city government; and
Ulirrpas. The violation or evasion of the
r ivil t^rvicc provisions Is an assault upon
the fundamental principle of the .charter,
which every municipal officer must support;
and
Wlif!-ea«. All political parties, through their
party platforms, have unequivocally and un
¦-'.»•!> declared in favor of & strict cn
fon-em»nt of the civil service provisions of
th» charter to which all the elected officers
are pledged: and
Whereas-, Paid civil service provisions are
th-- f=ure?i guarantee of an honest and eco
nomical expenditure cf the moneys to be de
rived, from the sale of the. bond* recently
voted by the i«?ople; therefore be it
nrs«o!vf><l. That it be and is hereby declared
to be tlie fcenee of the Hoard cf Supervisors
that, white it will encourage an economical
ndniiiTit-tration of the city government, and
will Fvpport all the departments in the con-
of positions and the abolition of
OCfloM when thf efficiency of the service is
not tfw>r<=by impaired, it will use every lawful
method to prevent the violation or evasion of
th«* civil service provisions of the charter, to
th" end that the merit eystem may be perma
nently .engrafted uj»nn every department of
our riunlcl;al government; and be It further
TO MAKE INVESTIGATION'.
IlesoHed. That the Finance Committee and
the Committees on Civil Service and Hospital
and Health be and they are hereby directed
»¦> investigate the proceedings of the Board of
Health, and in the event of the verification of
dK report.' of the proceedings of the Board
of Health, tu advise this board what action
i-hould be taken to prevent the violation or
evasion of the law by said Board of Health.
"The throat of civil service has been
cut by these proceedings," said D'An
cona. "and this investigation should be
directed toward ascertaining if civil
service employes can be removed and
their places filled under different titles
by men who perform the same duties."
Protests were ftled with the board by
several civil service employes who were
removed from their positions against
what they term the' unjust and illegal
act of the Board of Health. The pro
tests recite that at no time have the
protestants been charged with official
misconduct or with violating any rule
of the Health Department. The abol
ishing of the position is alleged to be in
violation of the rule of the Civil Ser
vice Commission providing that when
ever it becomes necessary to reduce the
number of permanent employes the em
ploye last appointed shall be laid erf
first. The protest concludes:
niLE IX FULL< FORCE.
"Said rule was in full force and effect
at the time of the act here complained
of. • • • Said acts are subversive of
the principles of civil service and a pal
pable and willful \*iolation of the merit
system provided in the charter."
The protests were referred to the Joint
Committee on Finance, Civil Service
and Health.
Ex-Secretary Emery of the Health
Board verbally protested against what
he characterized as a flagrant, violent
and willful violation of the civil service
law. Emery said that the plea of econ
omy raised by the Mayor Is a pretense
and a sham, and pointed to the aboli
tion of the positions of dislnfectors as
a menace to health and nothing less
than a. vile crime.
"If the statements are correct a crime
has been committed," said Braunhart,
"and there is a power of removal high
er than that of the Mayor. The Inten
tion of the Health Board Is so plain
that an escape from the Home for the
Feeble-MInded could see through it." t
"This resolution means something,"
said D'Ancona, "and if the facts are
verified it commits this board to appro
priate action."
•The investigation will be taken up at
2 o'clock Wednesday, and all employes
who lost their positions ana the mem
bers of the Board of Health and others
interested will be subpenaed.
Supervisors Order
Poundmaster's
Removal. -
Plans for Improve
ment of Islais
Creek.
Committee to In
vestigate Health
Board.
Retrenchment Is
Policy of the
Members.
Many Places Under
Works Board in
Jeopardy.
More Measures for
Safety of the
Theaters.
Pass Ordinance De
spite Mayor's
Veto.
Alleged Civil Ser
vice Violation to
Be Probed.
O EVERAL happenings at the City Hall yesterday served to add interest to the affatrs of the
O municipality. The first was the annual "message sent to the Board of Supervisors' by
Mayor Schmitz. In his message the Mayor recommends that the business of the city be con
ducted on lines of rational economy, and expresses himself in favor of reducing the number of
city employes zvithout impairing the efficiency of a department. He submits to the Judiciary Com
mittee the consideration- of proper legislation to bring all the departments' of the city under mu
nicipal control He says it is shameful that the abuses that have existed in the County Clerk's
office should be allowed to continue zvithout the right of interference by the , municipal authori
ties while the city pays the cost of the administration :of such offices. He recommends the creation
of. a bureau of supplies to enable the city to purchase goods of home manufacture and the prod
uct of white labor for the * various institutions of the city: He calls attention to 'the looseness and
carelessness in the cash transactions of the various city* departments, and makes, other recommen
dations, .which will be taken up by the Board 'of Supervisors at the proper time.
The Board of .Supervisors decided to begin an investigation into the alleged violation by
the Board of Health of the civil- service laws in abolishing certain positions under its control, de
claring others vacant and appointing thereto men zvho are not on the eligible lists. The Demo
cratic members of the board zv ere outspoken' in zvhat they term a crime against the - merit sys
tem. The joint committee on Finance, Civil Service and Health was directed to summon zvit
nesses and probe the matter to .the bottom. The fact that the Board of Public Works is pre
paring to put into effect a retrenchment policy on lines similar to that inaugurated by the
Health Board renders the situation acute, as the merit system is directly involved in the proceed?
ings. The power of the appointment of the poundmaster zvas taken away frofu the Mayor by the
passage of an ordinance over his veto, and will result in the removal of Poundmaster Irwin, the
Mayors-appointee.
MAYOR SCHMITZ STRONGLY URGES ECONOMY IN HIS ANNUAL
MESSAGE, SUBMITTED TO THE SUPERVISORS YESTERDAY
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALU TUESDAY. JANUARY 12. 190i.
Only Two Days !Left
To buy regular $3 CO shoes for' men and
women at $1 85 a pair at the closing-out
sale of shoes. 315 Market, opp. Mason. •
Newchurch School Board, Isle , of
Wight, with an attendance equal. to 30
per cent of its scholars, holds the rec-.
ord for last year in all Kngland. ' ;.'.-l
WASHINGTON. Jan. 11. — Th«
President to-day sent to ths Senate
the nomination of Percy B. Fulton, to
be postmaster at Dinuba, CaL
New Postmaster Tor Dinubu.
Corwptete gas ranges set up ready for
use. $11. at San Francisco Gas and Elec
tric Co., 413 Post at. *
Suit was filed in the Justice's Court
yesterday afternoon by Alexander
Paton against the United Railroads for
S2'.*9. Paton was injured on Novem
ber 14. 1903, when his wagon and a
car met Ht the corner of Thh-d_ and
Wron:i streets. He claims the acci
dent was due to the negligence of the
employes of the defendant corporation
and seeks a recuniary reward.
Sues United Ilailroads
Court Removes Shea.
The letters of administration upon
the estate of Ellen Pascoe, granted to
James Shea nearly twenty years ago,
were revoked yesterday by Judge
Troutt. It was shown by Attorney
Neal Power, as representative of Mrs.
Pascoe's heirs, that for the last seven
teen years he had not done anything
toward settling the estate.
7In giving his testimony a few days ago Charles Schwab
naively remarked that during his entire life he has been
connected with the steel industry. The beauty of his ad
mission is that most of us are quite ready to agree with
him only we wouldn't think of spelling it just that way.
A GENERAL ADVANCE.
latter part of this series before touching
on « any of the variations from the
hard-and-fast rules governing the
manly art. Do not deviate from any of
these rules until correct boxing has be
come second nature to you. Do not,
above all. allow tricks of slovenly or
awkward carriage and motion to creep
into your work; nor imagine that, by
such tricks, you are forming a style all
your own. For you are not. You are
merely weakening your attack and de
fense.
Individuality in boxing does not con
sist in ignoring established maxims,
but in improving on them. And no one
who is not a thorough master of a sub
ject can hope to improve on that sub
ject.
What I shall now teach, therefore, is
only for the use of students who have
advanced to a degree of skill justifying
its use. If you are a beginner cut out
this "lesson (not in the slang sense of
the term) and save it until you are suf
ficiently skillful to warrant you in
studying it.
Nearly every professional boxer has,
by dint of many experiments, laid out a
style of his own. I shall outline sev
eral of these styles, together with-some
blows invented by the best modern box
ers. If you find any of the attitudes
available in your own personal case
adopt them at discretion. You will, in
any event, find the blows easy to learn
and most effective against men - ho are
not acquainted with them.
When Fitzslmmons first fought Jef
fries for the championship of the
world the former expected to meet a
man taller than himself and trained
with that idea in view. To his sur
prise he found himself confronted by
a. man Aho stood scarcely five feet in
height, a man who crouched awkward
ly instead of standing in the conven
tional attitude.
Jeffries, though six feet two inches
tall, was in such a position as to take
at least twelve inches from 'his stature.
His great left- arm was stretched out
almost straight in front of ""him, his
feet much farther apart than the ordi
nary eighteen inches (yet not so • far
apart as to prevent quick motion), the
heart and wirfd drawn back by reason
of his position and further protected
by his right hand, which was held near
his body, his chin drawn in close
among the powerful -neck muscles, the
hard, bony forehead being thus 'made
the most prominent portion of the head,
the protruding left shoulder adding to
the protection afforded to the vulner
able jaw point
Small wonder that this utterly
unique attitude confused the , veteran
Fitzsiramons! .
The first time I boxed with Jeffries
I was familiar (by sight) with this
famous "crouch," yet I found It most
confusing. The advanced left arm,
swift and accurate of motion, met and
stopped nearly every rush. Wind and
.heart were out of reach. Swings
glanced off his left shoulder,' and such
straight blows as reached the 'jaw
found it protected by a mass of throat
muscles, into which it had receded. On
such occasions as I was able to break
-through his left guard I usually found
his right hand ready. The odd posi
tion further braced, and steadied his
great weight (he stripped to 218) and
the left hand, being. held palm down
ward,-was able- to. shoot up or down
with incredible speed- .
Altogether, the man's . posture : ren
dered him almost impregnable. -.-..-
The light revealed the face of a man
well known In the neighborhood by the
name of "Henpecked Sam." ' . 4
"Well, I'll—. Say, what are you doing
here " angrily shouted the officer.
"I live here," gasped Sam— as the
officer's clutch had not been a light
one— "I promised my wife I would be
home at 10 o'clock and it's now after 12.
I was just trying to make a sneak."
On his hands and knees, along a long
dark, rubbish littered passageway
crawled the officer. Visions of medals
galore decorating his manly bosom
were running through his mind. "1*11
get a medal, store," he soliloquized, sub
duing an oath' as his knee struck the
sharp edge of a tin can and he felt
his "inspection day" trousers \ tearing.
"The Chief will surely make nie a
'plain-clothes' man for this."
The passageway was long and the
officer was indeed brave to. venture the
trip, especially with the knowledge thai
somewhere in . the darkness ahead
lurked the crouching form of a man,
who only a few minutes before had
stealthily, and almost noiselessly run
into the passage.
Foot after foot crawled the officer,
bent upon' doing his duty and doing it
well. Suddenly he arose, and« with a
sharply uttered "Surrender!" grasped
the feet of a man who, intent upon his
task of climbing up a water pipe that
ran up the side of the building forming
one side of the alley, apparently did
not know of the officer's approach.
With a thud both men came to the
ground, the officer on top.
"What the ," came with a gasp
from 'the figure underneath.
"I'll show you}?' puffed the officer,
grasping his prisoner by the throat,
and, after considerable fussing, striking
a match. \* - .
His Vision Dispelled.
The new President of the Swiss Con
federation; M. Robert Comtesse, Is a
fine specimen of the type of statesman
produced by early political training
Though only 56 years old to-day, he
has been in public life for twenty-five
years, mostly a member of the Can
tonal Government of Neufchater Four
years ago he entered the Federal Coun
cil, where he has established the rep
utation of a man of ripe experience
and judgment, fertile in resource, never
baffled by a difficulty and capable of
finding an outlet to any deadlock. As
The Swiss President.
A GROUP of Yale alumni have just launched a re-
educational movement whose object is
no less than the establishment of a branch of
Yale University in the city of Changsa, capital of the
province of Hunan, China. An association to foster the
project, with President Timothy, Dwight at the head of
it, has already raised $17,000 and has the promise of suf
ficient funds in the near future to insure the success of
the new college. Already a young graduate has looked
over the new field and pronounced the sentiment of the
higher classes in Hunan to be strongly favorable. High
officials of the Government have guaranteed the im
munity of the school from the attacks of the reactionary
counselors in the imperial court.
The establishment of an affiliated branch of Yale Col
lege in China will mark a distinct advance in the educa
tional spirit and tendency of the times in the Emperor's
domains. China is waking up. Her wise men" are Be
ginning to see that if she would maintain her integrity
in these grasping times she must have the wisdom of
her foes, who hedge her about on every side. Perhaps
a few of the very far-sighted ones see that it needs only
the touch of knowledge to brush away the clouds of.the
centuries and make China one of the powers of the earth.
Just as soon as the Flowery Kingdom feels the prop of
her own trained minds under her and can do away with
the artificial support' which has to be paid for into the
pockets of \ Europeans will she become a nation of inde
pendence and progressiveness. /
Fortunate it is that the scheme for education which
the Yale association has mapped out for their guidance in
the college project is not founded, upon the missionary
idea. Our proselyting in China,- worthy though the
cause may be, has not been an unqualified success. -By
a fair-minded person it even can be seen where the Box
ers had some' justification- in believing themselves in the
right. To the average Celestial mind it appears, and
with good excuse, that knowledge of a strange deity
must accompany the priceless learning of the West. In
their determination to eliminate all idea of the mission
spirit from the working scheme of their college the Yale
alumni have approached their task Jn the manner which
best* promises success. •
A CHINESE YALE COLLEGE.
United States Senator Dietrich has escaped prosecution
on a charge of bribery on the score that when the alleged
offense was committed he had not taken the oath of office
administered to one of his high station. The Senator is
mistaken if he. thinks that any sentimental interest will
attach to his service as a Senator because he is a gentle
man with a disagreeable past.
California editors. 150 strong. 'will
be at the world's fair all during the
week of May 16, which has been des
ignated as International Press Con
gress week. On Tuesday, May il, the
California contingent will feel a pro
prietary interest in the exposition, for
the management has set aside that
day as "California Press Association"
day. The Californians are planning
to make the day a noteworthy occa
sion even for so important a week.
The editorial party will travel in a
•special train. The California commis
sion will assist in making the "day"
a success, and the elaborate social
functions in the California building
are planned for the occasion.
California Press Day.
FLOOD'S BEQUESTS— W. S., City.
The list of Christmas donations by
Banker Flood was published In The Call
of December 24, 1903. page twelve.
'Answers to Queries.
RIO JANEIRO— N., Vallejo, Cal. Tha
steamer Rio Janeiro sank in the en
trance to the bay of San Francisco.
Friday morning, February 22, 1901.
WEDDING PRESENT— E. R. J.,
Oakland, Cal. Wedding presents in
tended "for a young lady about to be
married" should be inscribed with the
initials the lady will have when mar
ried. ,.-,...¦
PANAMA— J. H. B., City. Colon was
formerly. called Aspinwall, after one of
the builders of the Isthmus railway.
It was afterward changed to Colon in
honor of the discoverer of America.
Prior to the recent trouble in" the Pan
ama end of the state of Colombia Colon
and Panama were in the state of that
name, but now they are In the repub
lic of Panama.
CASTING LOTS— Stranger, City. The
little bamboo sticks noticed in the Chi
nese temples are used in ceremonies id
ascertain If certain w4sb.es will con'e
to j,ass. Every large tempi* has from
one hundred to one hundred and fifty
stanzas of poetry relating to a variety
of subjects. *Each stanza Is printed on
a separate slip of paper. The temple
has a quantity of sticks corresponding
to the number of stanzas and referring
to* them by number. These sticks are
called "lots." They are drawn before
some idol in the , temple, never in a
private house. The individual who
wishes to apply to a god presents him*
self 'on- his knees before the Image,
bows low, states his name and gives hia
residence, then states what he wanta
to know. He then takes the tube con
taining the ;"lots,"..shake3 It gently
with a circular motion until one of the
numbered sticks falls to the ground
The applicant picks, up the stick, places
It in a censer with the number toward
the god and then by means of the ka
pue. which f-» throws in the air
the Tall means, according to position'
"yes," "no," "indifferent." Th'a is sup
posed to represent the view of the god
If the ka-pue say 8 "yes" the stanza
corresponding to the number on the
stick Is consulted, if "no" the applicant
replaces the stick in the tube and has
another trial. The stanza, whtn ckr.
sulted. tells the applicant what he
wants to know and he reels bound by
the answer.
Townsend's California glace, fruits and
can u dl^\ 5Oc a * P° und . »n artistic fire
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. *15 Market st.. above Call bldg •
... Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by th*
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1M2. •
Gallantry nost.
Captain T. D. E. "Wilson, superin
tendent of the Occidental and Oriental
Steamship Company, has developed a
grouch on the subject of politeness as
practiced in street cars.
"No woman ever manned a strap
while I occupied a seat," said Wilson
yesterday, "but hereafter they can
dangle till they drop and they'll find
Wilson taking his full nickel's worth of
seat."
Now, CaDtain Wilson is the soul of
chivalry, and a declaration of this kind
sounded strange to those of his hearers
who Jcnew the courtly nature of the
speaker. He explained: *
"Coming down town on a -Haight
street car the other morning I was the
only man passenger. I had ridden most
of the way swinging on a strap, but
just before we turned into Market
street two girls feot off and I dropped
gratefully into the space their going
had left.
"I was barely settled, however, when
a stout lady accompanied by a fat hus
band and 'leading a vicious looking bull
dog boarded the car. The lady glared
at me. I got up, bowed toward the va
cant seat and resumed my strap.
"The 'thank you' that never came
was hardly expected after the glare,
but I certainly never looked for what
followed. ... , ~ ¦ ' . . ' .-"¦ I"
" 'Jump, Brutug,' I heard the lady
gurgle. There was a growl, a scratch
ing of feet and a gentle thud. When I
turned my gaze toward my lost seat
there sat Brutus, licking his ugly chops
contentedly, while his' mistress patted
the beast's head and looked affection
into his bleary eyes.
"The other passengers showed some
Indignation at first. They glared at the
woman, stared at the dog and then
turned their glances up to me. A pret
ty girl smiled. - A grin broadened a
face across the aisle. A chuckle sound
ed behind me, and when my eyes again
swept the faces of my fellow passen
gers they v»ere all grinning: I felt the
blood mount to both cheeks. A mist
dimmed my eyes. The lines of C*ees
became the smiling mouth of one big
Cheshire cat, with that, bullpup grin
ning in the foreground. One look was
sufficient— I left the car. After this
Wilson keeps his seat." . ; ; /.
The ramom Jeffriei "Crouch."
DOUBTLESS the merchants and the manufactur
ers of San Francisco know- their Own business
better. than any one else, but there are certain re
sults made evident in official statistics of trade which
point to the conclusion that however, well they may
know their business they have not been very dilligently
attending to it. The Call has published figures showing
how our trade with -Alaska and the Philippines has
lagged in comparison with that between those countries
and the Sound* ports, and'hasah»o published the com
ment of leading commercials men' on the subject: Taken
together the two form a very instructive lesson. They
show that despite the energetic movements directed to
various objects of recent years, we are Still, in some
very important respects, maintaining -our proverbial "in
difference to fate," and are patiently waiting for destiny
to bring fortune to us without exertion on our. part.
In commenting upon our lack of a due share of the
trade with Alaska, .one of our most prominent merchants
said very blandly: "Alaska will buy in San Francisco what
it can obtain here at better advantage than anywhere
else, and will probably buy nothing more." The saying
shows an attitude of indifference to ! the whole* subject,
for it evades the real issue in the fcase. The vital point
in commerce is to supply markets to better advantage
than any competitor and to make the purchasers in those
markets aware of the fact. Who is, to determine what
goods Alaska can obtain to better advantage in San
Francisco than elsewhere? Surely our merchants and
our manufacturers ought t,o have a voice in the determi
nation, of such questions.
Trade advantages are of many kinds and are by no
means solely dependent on natural advantages. Men of
enterprise and courage can overcome less energttic
competitors, even though the latter have many natural
advantages. The Alaskans will buy in San Francisco
whatever goods the San Franciscans can offer them on
better terms than any one else, and with- our superior
capital and prestige on the coast we ought to be able to
capture and to hold most of the Alaska trade for years
to come.
One thing is certain — he who tries for nothing will
win nothing. Only by entering actively in air the com
petitions of the world and the time can San Francisco
attain the N commercial eminence for which her position
with relation to the Pacific Ocean commerce, of the.
United States entitles her. We have at present an op
portunity to make a special exhibit at the St. Louis Ex
position and should exert every energy to display one
that will compel attention and command admiration.
Such an exhibit would go far toward instructing' all visi
tors to the fair, and through them a much wider circle of
business men, as to the nature and variety of the many
articles that can be purchased here to better advantage
than elsewhere. That would be doing something at
least to hold our trade and to extend it; while if we do
nothing, the Alaskans and the. Filipinos will never know
what we have to offer or why they should trade in our
market at all.
'Anecdotes of IVilliams.
In a Washington hotel one day John
Sharp Williams found himself one of
a group which was lionizing Collis P.
Huntingdon. The great man was en
joying hia favorite relaxation from
business cares; he -was telling again the
secret of his success, beginning vrtth
that famous first dollar that he sayed.
"I made one rule early in life, and
I have always kept it," he said. "I
never allow pleasure to Interfere with
work."
"I prefer never to allow work to In
terfere with pleasure. So you will ex
cuse me now," said Williams, and with
drew.
The Democratic leader sits In the cen
ter aisle, well back under the shadow
of the gallery. His slight figure seems
unimpressive beside that of the robust
Payne, the Republican leader. His lin
en is as flecklesa as any Southern gen
tleman's. If otherwise he Is not care
less about his clothes, he is at least
careful not to appear too tidy. Chang
ing styles do not affect the old-fash
ioned standing collar, with the wide
opening at the throat and his little
black tie. The tie is never securely In
a bow. and when it falls down some
intuition seems to remind him of the
fact and he ties It up loosely again,
just as he would adjust his spectacles.
"Williams is always in fatigue dress,
but his mind Is always on active ser
vice," said a fellow member. "If I ever
see that tie in a tight bow I am going
to break a lance with him. I believe
he might lose his temper, then." — Col
lier's Weekly, v
INDIFFERENT TO FATE.
Jeffries' Boxing Style.
BT ALBERT PAYSON TERHUNE.
(Athletic Expert New York Evcnins World.
Author of "Muscle Building:," etc.)
(Copyright. 1904. by Joseph B. Bowles.)
Every boxer has a style more or less
his own — a style of defense, attack and
pose, into which he gradually drifts or
which he has planned out as most ef
fective for a man of his build and
Bpeed.
It is not well for a beginner to as
sume any particular "style," He
should rely wholly on the positions, mo
tions, etc., prescribed by his boxing
master. The regulation attitude and
movements are far better in every way
than any novice can mark out for him
self. They are the outcome of decades
of study and experience, and he must
indeed be a most conceited youth who
thinks he can improve on such tactics.
For that reason I have '.raited until the
President of the Confederation, he will
assume direction of the foreign affairs
of Switzerland. He took a large part
In framing the Slmplon Tunnel Conven
tion, and much is expected from hi3
conduct of the various commercial
treaty negotiations.— London Globe.
The Federal Government has loosened its pur.se strings
and through its generosity we are to have an immigration
station to cost $200,000. No better addition to the na
tional service in this city could be suggested. It will more
than repay 'if s cost by removing from San Francisco the
imminent danger of contagion from the Chinese detained
in that. worst. of ¦biillpens on the Pacific Mail dock.
IN our big sister city there is raging the battle of the
palms, brought on, we are persuaded, by The Call's
' articles on the use of palms as a street tree. A pro
fessor in the university lifts his pen against the palm. To
him it is a pest. He looks upon it as Shylock says some
do upon the harmless, necessary cat. He wants the
streets lined with elms, which shed their leaves and^half
the year scud under bare poles. As this is a winterless
land, and he is from a winter country, he desires to give
a winter aspect to our cities. f
Byron says "the cold in clime are cold in blood," but
Californians are not that kind. As our climate permits
the presence of summer glories all the year, ,we want
the good old summer time, all the time, in our street
trees as well as in our temperatures.. To set out trees
that are bare in what are winter months by the almanac
is to despitefully use our climate. It is ours and we
should make the use of it.
California is the semper idem and semper virens State.
At this moment travelers from the East over the Central
Pacific see ripe oranges on the trees in Placer-County,
from Clipper Gap to Rocklin. If the ideas of our anti
palm professor were. applied, the people "of our gateway
county would strip the orange trees of their yellow
fruit and evergreen leaves, so as • to make the^ winter
worn Eastern folk feel at home! So, likewise our mer
chants should display in fronf of their stores arctic over
shbes, sleighs, cutters, bobsleds and other snow-gbing
vehicles, and quantities of ice skates. Such an exhibi
tion would imply frequent snow and much ice.
Our climate is free from thunderstorms. We do not
dodge the lightning. If Olympus had been here, Jove
would have thrown bouquets instead of thunderbolts, for
he could not have found a thunderbolt with a search
warrant. But in the East they must have the protection
of lightning rods and lightning insurance _ companies.
Again, applying the theories of the professor, we should
ignore the thunderlessness of our climate, and invite the
lightning-rod man here, and put up rods on our houses
and barns. If the Eastern man cannot sing the songs of
Zion in a -winterless land, should we dress in fur gar
ments, cut down our evergreens, salt the green grass of
our lawns, rebuke and behead the January bloom, all to
immerse him in his accustomed gloom?
The cause of the palm in Oakland is upheld by a citi
zen, Mr. Bell. He has absorbed the cheer of California
sunshine, and rings like a true joy bell. We doubt
whether a dirge could be got out of him. He sees the
enormous value of our climatic- asset, and proposes that
we get a dividend out of it by using palms for street
trees. He wants no bare and cheerless limbs, to take all
the pleasure out of our sunny welkin. He does not be
lieve that Eastern people come here to find what they
have at home. If they did, they would save railroad
fare and huddle against their base burners, curse the
coal man. listen to the gale whistle in the bare trees, rub
their chilblains and shiver and srieeze from October t<}
April. He believes they come here to escape all that, to
get away from the ground hog, and come where they can
hear the meadow lark and robin in February. There
fore, he wants to give them* in everything the contrast
they seek. He would line our streets with" tropical trees,
which find that nature here is no stepmother, and flour
ish as in their natural habitat. He would lift up our
palms to make oath to our winterless climate, and there
in he is wise.
We would regard it as a distinct injury to any Califor
nia city to fail to use climate in tree setting. Florida
advertises herself as the land of the pine and palm. Rail
roads going south have their "Palm Limited" trains to
carry tourists to that ague-smitten peninsula. But the
palms are there, lining the streets, and they are an at
traction which offsets the lack of zest in the Florida cli
mate. How would it look to advertise California as the
land of the red oak and water elm? Yet that is just what
the professor desires to do. By their trees ye shall know
them, may be said of California cities. We hope that
sunny Oakland will not be known as "the pity of the
wintry trees." ' . . ¦ • \
T'AKING a comprehensive view ,of California the
most striking fact presently observable is that pros
perity 15 widespread. This is well. The good for
tune of one section is the benefit' of all others in this
State, common interest and common destiny being theirs.
Not long ago this. paper called attention to the large
transactions in real, estate in this city during the year
1003. The total consideration for properties sold was
more than $47,000,000. The significance of this may be
made more apparent when it appears that the. large sum
was more than double the entire value of the mineral
output of the State in the preceding twelve months, the
latest period for which any complete statistics are avail
able. ¦ : ';¦:': .- .,, '
While San Francisco advanced in all material things
the same good fortune attended Los Angeles, Fresno,
Stockton, Sacramento, San Jose, Oakland and its sister
communities' on the east 'shore of the bay of San Fran
cisco, and in fact all large towns in the State that have
made returns through the medium of the local news
papers.
Special editions of the publications'. of the interior have
given many interesting facts. "The ' valley towns and
cities are particularly to *the, agricultural con
ditions obtaining in; the country of ''which they are local
centers of trade and enterprise. So it, follows that if
towns and cities thrive in California- the proof is accept
able that the agricultural interests are not falling. behind,
but are steadily advancing. The same applies to mining.
As evidence that prosperity has extended its beneficent
influence from the most southern to the most northern
boundaries of California and that the future is bright
with promise the Del'Norte 'Record 'comes in oppor
tunely with words. of good cheer, and satisfaction ' "
Del Norte breasts the ocean surges.; where - California
finds its .northern.' limit. "Laboring • men,", says, the
Record, "need. not seek other parts to; find -employment.
The great copper belt of this county is receiving- atten
tion. It is in the hands, of men of^ means and the work
of opening the minesand erecting, smelters will .make the
country more prosperous than' ever. : .' There is no doubt
but railroad construction between this place and Grants
Pass will begin in-therspring.V The;route has been sur
veyed and • there" are, no 'great obstacles' to overcome.
g ¦
Whence Coincs Fertility?
BY G. FREDERICK WRIGHT. A.M.. LL.D.
(Author or "The Ice Age in North America,"
"Asiatic Rubsia," etc.)
(Copyright, 1904, by Joseph B. Bowles.)
It hardly needs saying that in general
the prosperity of a nation is dependent
upon the fertility of its soil. In some
few cases, it is true, nations may pros
per because they have a monopoly of
mines, of manufactures, or of the means
cf trade and commerce. But the larger
part of tlte things whicn minister to
the necessities and the comforts of
mankind are the direct products of the
soil.
The relation of the soil to the under
lying rocks, however, is dependent upon
the action of transporting agencies
which are at hand. Where there are
no transporting agencies sufficient to
carry away the disintegrated particles
as fast as they accumulate over tHe
surface we have what is called "resid
ual soil," whose character will partake
entirely of that of the underlying rock.
If the underlying rock is a conglom
erate or sandstone the residual soil
will be composed of nothing but sand
and gravel, whtch is capable of sup
porting only a limited variety of veg
etable life.
But even such soils are not without
their higher values. When Professor
Lesley was asked why the Lord made
those long stretches of unproductive
sandstone rocks separating the Lehigh
River from the Susquehanna and ex
tending in a broad belt across the en
tire breadth of the State, he replied
that, in the first place, they were useful
in holding the world together; and, in
the second place, in providing the vast
populations on either side" with pure
water and pure air, the two most val
uable gifts the Creator has to bestow
upon men.
• • •
The celebrated Wyoming Valley on
the Susquehanna, the Shenandoah Val
ley in Virginia and that of the upper
Tennessee are illustrations of that ag
ricultural wealth which is supplied by
the disintegration of limestone rocks.
In numerous places in Central Penn
sylvania, as in the mountains south of
Williamsport, there are limited out
crops of limestone over which have
sprung up flourishing communities sur
rounded by barren sandstone moun
tains, as islands are surrounded by wa
ter in the isea.
The blue grass region of Kentucky is
similarly situated, being bordered by
barren outcrops of Devonian subcar
boniferous conglomerates- and sand
stones, while the thin covering of soil
resulting from the disintegration of the
Silurian limestone supports a vegeta
tion which furnishes the elements most
necessary for the best development of
cattle and horses, and so in consider
able measure accounts for the pre-emi
nence of that region In those depart
ments of industry, it would not be
strange, also, if the pre-eminence
claimed by the Kentuckians for the
beauty of their women and the strong
physique of their men were due to this
gift"frbm nature of a- richly endowed
limestone soil.
But so limited are these deposits of
rock' containing the concentrated ele
ments of fertility that an undue por
tion of the world would be barren If
it were not that nature Is provided
with elaborate means of transportation,
whereby the richness of one section is
carried to another, resulting in a com
mingling of elements, which is of the
highest advantage. During the long
geological ages water, ice and air had
been engaged , in transporting and de
positing in distant regions the residual
soils which were accumulating thou
sands of years before man came upon
the scene. The flood plains . of nearly
all rivers are rich in agricultural pos
sibilities because they Have brought to
them the elements of soil supplied by
the entire river basin. The Mississippi
Valley from Cairo to the gulf is a de
posit of pediment to which the whole up
per portion, extending from the Rocky
to the Allegheny Mountains, has "fur
nished its quota, and so it is with
nearly all the larger river systems of
the world.
The Nile, the Indus, the Ganges, the
Yang-tse-Kiang and the Hoang-ho fur
nish ! old flood plains of great extent,
where aRricu -re has been carried- on
for, thousands of years with little de
terioration of the soil. The vast plain
of Eastern China, through which the
great canal wends its way, is little else
than the combined delta of the two
great Chinese rivers.
In the northern part of Europe and
of the United States and in the south
ern portions of British America gla
cial . has been the plow and the har
row and the scraper which have pre
pared the region for its most successful
occupation by man. The northern part
of the United States is living to a con
siderable extent upon the richness of
Canada. Everywhere down to the lim
its" reached by the Ice of the glacial
period Canadian bowlders are found,
mingled with, the finer grist of-Cana
dian rocks which was ground off from
the highlands by the ice and carried
in its movement south for hundreds
of miles. A European expert has
taught us how to enrich our soil by
grinding up the granite rocks, contain
ing a large amount of feldspar (which
is the basis of clay) and other elements
of value, and spreading It over, the soil.
An eminent authority in the United
States recently asked me if we could
not accomplish that purpose in' the
United States by grinding up the Ca
nadian bowlders. The answer at hand
was, nature has already performed that"
work for us. The Ice movement of
the glacial period ground a large part
of the elements it. brought with it to
finest powder and spread it far and
wide. .It is estimated that on an aver
age the .deposit .of glacial grist over
the northern part. of the United States
is 100 feet thick. .When I had nearly
completed ; the survey of the glacial
boundary in Ohio' twenty- years ago^I
chanced to meet Professor W. I. Cham
berlain, the accomplished i secretary of
the Board of Agriculture, and showed
him the" line -across the State. • He at
once remarked that that line separated
the more-productive agricultural por
tion of the State frpm the least pro
ductive. Taking down the . reports , by
counties, it appeared that the counties
in the glaciated area produced, on the
average, ¦ twice as much per acre under
cultivation as did those south of the
line. BgaftHKSSH
Stolen Jo vs.
While talking with some friends the
other day a well-known Jurist remarked
that not very long ago he was strongly
tempted to commit the crime of kid
naping a child. The jurist is a married
man, but no olive branches have ap
peared to bless his home.
"About R o'clock one evening," he
said, "a policeman called at my house
leading by the hand a pretty little girl
about 3 years of age. She was able to
tell her name, which was the same as
mine, but did not know where she^ lived.
The officer brought her to my 'house
thinking she might belong to me. I
happened to answer the doorbell, and
when the little thing saw me she said,
as her eyes swam with tears: 'Am I oos
Mttle dirl?' I said, 'Why, of course, you
are,' as I picked her up and kissed her.
She put her arms around my neck and
hugged me, and my heart filled with a
joy it had not experienced for many a
day.
/'I told the officer to leave word at
the police station that if any one in
quired for the child she would be found,
at my house. When I carried her into
the parlor my wife was met with the
same tearful query from the little one,
and she smothered her till I became
jealous. The child was soon quite at
home, and I began to regret having ad
mitted to the officer that she did not
belong to me and pcay inwardly that
her parents would forget all about her.
My prayers were useless. "We had just
finished dinner when the child's mother
called and took away a blessed ray of
sunshine that had come into our child
less home."
PALMS IN OAKLAND.
The sawmills arid camps will be in operation to their
fullest capacities, whicK*will give more employment than
There are other, circumstances to which the Record
refers, but this is sufficient to indicate the buoyant tone
of the whole. This is the spirit in which all California
has begun the new year. All portions of the State would
seem to have seen the advantage to be derived from mak
ing their merits known. There has not beetr so mu'ch
outward manifestation of interest and vitality, taking
the State as a W/holc, at the beginning of any year in a
long time. There is reason for hope as Del Norte
County sees in common with its entire sisterhood of
California counties.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 12, 1904.
THE SAN FRAN CISCO CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor .......... Address All Communications to JOHN McNAUCHT, Manager
Publication Office. <^§f|Iiii?3i> ..... ... ... . ... . . . .Thirdf and Market Streets, S. F.
¦ . - • .-•¦¦ • • ¦ •
TUESDAY ..;............................... JANUARY 12, 1904
8
INSTRUCTIVE STUDIES
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMEN
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMESMrs. Jessica BrowriSll, manager of
a refuge for dogs at Sixteenth and
Alabama streets, . secured a search
warrant from Police Judge Cabaniss
yesterday . afternoon to recover f rom>
Dr. Dudley Tait, secretary of the State
Board of Medical Examiners, 'a dog
known as "Old Boy," which was given
to Edgar Jensen; a boy, on the repre
sentation that he was to take it to his
home. Mrs. Brownell alleges that the
boy sold the dog to Dr. Tait for the
purpose of vivisection.
Wants Her Dog Back.
The Socialist party held a meeting
last evening at the Alhambra Theater
Tor the purpose of hearing addresses
by J. W. Leonard of the Western Fed
eration Of Labor and by John W.
Brown, a Socialist leader from the
Cast. Leonard told of the strikes now
existing in Colorado and made a se
vere attack on the administration of
that State for placing militia at the
mining camps and maintaining mar
tial law. Knox delivered an address
that was a vitriolic attack on capital
md capitalists and disgusted many in
telligent people by telling stories that
ivere filled with insulting references to
religion and church.
Socialist Party Meeting.
Feared a Raid.
Considerable excitement was caused
at the Chinese clubhouse at the cor
ner of Waverly place and Washington
street last night when an attempt was
made to eject Foo Xam, manager of
the club, by Ng Tong, who recently
secured a lease of the building. When
an attempt was made to serve a writ
of ejectment secured by Ng Tong the
members of the club thought the po
lice were raiding the place and a wild
Bcramble for the door ensued. Dur
ing the melee it is said that about
$400 in coin mysteriously disap
peared. The Ping Bing Kung, Suey
Bins* and Suey On tongs have posted
notices warning all to . keep away
from the house or suffer the conse
quences.
Father McKinnon waa, a member
of the Young Men's Institute, and the
members of this society, who are ¦ to
participate in the exercises on the
night of the benefit, are drilling daily
for the entertainment.
The Catholic Societies' -McKinnon
memorial committeee will give a
military entertainment at Mechanics'
Pavilion on January 21, the proceeds
to be devoted to help swell the fund
to. build the McKinnon memorial.
The committee in charge is now
composed of members "from all the
Catholic societies in this city, and the
delegates number 115. It is the in
tention of the committee to raise at
least $10,000 to put up a grand monu
ment in Golden Gate Park in honor of
the Rev. Father McKinnon of the
First California Volunteers, who died
in Manila.
Great interest is manifested »on all
sides to see that the tribute shall be a
fitting one and worthy of the mem
ory of the decea.sed father.
Young Men's Institute Will Take Part
In Military Entertainment for
McKinnon Memorial.
His wife stated to Dr. W. O. Smith
that her husband had never intimated
to her that he had any designs on his
"What prompted Purcell to attempt
self-destruction has not been definitely
determined by those who know him
best. He was happy in his home as
sociations and a model husband and
father. He has always enjoyed a repu
tation for honesty and integrity and
was true to his friends and charitable
to others.
Purcell, who is employed as a teller
in the Hibernia Bank in San Francisco,
arose at his usual time this morning
and entered the, bathroom. Shortly
thereafter his wife and brother-in-law,
Peter Higglns, were alarmed by the re
port of a pistol in the apartment. Upon
opening the bathroom door they, found
Purcell lying on the floor with blood
pouring from his mouth. He was con
scious and remained so until Dr. W. A.
Smith, who was summoned, arrived.
After being removed Jo the Alameda
Sanitorium the patient was conscious
and unconscious by turns.
WAS MODEL HUSBAND.
ALAMEDA, Jan. 11.— John Purcell,
the noted veteran athlete and a highly
respected resident, fired a 3S-caliber
bullet through the roof of his mouth
and the top of his head this morning
at 6:30 o'clock while temporarily de
ranged and the attending physicians
at the Alameda Sanitorium, where the
patient lies, say that the chances are
greatly against his recovery. The lead
missile passed between the lobes of the
brain in the anterior portion and to
its course is attributed the reason for
Purcell surviving as long as he* has.
The shooting took place in the bath
room of the Purcell home at 1122 Union
street. ' *¦
WILL DRILL TO RAISE
FLXDS POK MOXUMEXT
The Awning Makers' Union gave an
entertainment at Turners' Hall, on
Turk street. It tfas given under the
management of H. B. Ritner, E. A. M.
Gilbert, John F. Beal, T. Behnke, Wil
liam Lavaroni, F. T. Cornyn. A. Corey,
Miss D. Byrone, H. W. Miller, Miss E.
Luke, Mrs. D. Heinz, Miss M. Ryley
and H. W. Miller.
There will in all probability be a new
election declared in Painters' Union No.
19. There are still two factions claim
ing the right of installation as presi
dent and secretary. H. F. Sheehan and
W. A. Jenkins want to be president and
A. C. Barinque and E. A. Brundage are
fighting for the secretary's desk.
The Mutual Label and Lithograph
Company is still at'outs with the Exec
utive Council of the Printing Press
men's Union. Since the printers walk
ed out yesterday morning, the troubles
have remained in an unsettled con
dition. The Lithograph Company is
embarrassed at the present time owing
to the shortage caused in its working
forces by the strike instituted against
it by the dir^satisfled employes. There
Is no settlement in sight as yet.
The members of the Stablemen's
Union gathered in force last night at
Foresters' Hall to consider plans for
the adjustment of the differences that
have arisen between then and their
employers. A lengthy argument was
indulged in and it was late in the
night when the meeting broke up.
Many members of the union favored
an adjustment of the issues in ques
tion rather than go out on a strike.
The Labor Council seems not inclined
to sympathize with the stablemen in
their stand against the proprietors of
the livery stables in this city.
The entertainment held by Carpen
ters' Union No. 483, in Lyric Hall, on
Eddy street, was a grand success. A
pleasant time was enjoyed by all. The
following named had charge of the ar
rangements: Guy Lathrop, James
Burke, Jra Johnson, F. L. Kreamer and
C. L. Apperson; reception, "W. H.
Hutchlnson. J. C. Heymer. ' Joseph
Bouchey, W. J. Morris, W. A. Cole and
"W. H. McSusan; floor, Carl Peterson, J.
W. Mayder, W. T. Bartrum, Thomas
Bateson, A. L. Gilbert and S. H.
Hooke; floor manager, F. J. Kreamer;
assistant, E. P. Smith.
Last night, at 10 o'clock. Jack Heis
iier was held ur> at the corner of
Octavia and Fell streets and relieved
of three silver dollars.
." The act was a brazen one. Heisner,
who lives at 1716. Bryant street, was on
his way to visit his wife's parents, who
reside at 375 Fell street, and had
reached the corner- of Octavia and
Fell streets when three young hood
lums accosted him and asked him for
a match. He offered them his match
box, when they immediately sur
rounded him and told him to hand out
his coin- The request was emphasized
by one of the gang drawing a pistol
and telling him to '"shell out, and shell
out quick, or you will get daylight let
in on your brain."
Helsner produced the $3, which the
hoodlums grabbed, and then marched
him up the etreet to a dark corner,
where the thug with the gun struck
him above the eye, leaving a deep cut.
The whole affair of the holdup took
place Just opposite a grocery store,
which waa brightly lighted at the
lime.
• Heisner had $50 In gold secreted in
one of his Inside pockets, which the
thugs overlooked. He says the thugs
were tough-looking cunstomers, and
would nol Etop at any deed to gain
their ends. He considers himself
lucky to have escaped as easily as he
did, and is congratulating himself that
ho was not more seriously injured.
Eugene E. Cerf had a similar ex
porience on Sundav night. He was on
his way to his home, at 1155 Octavia
Ftreet, and had got as far as the
corner of Post and Franklin streets,
when two men suddenly appeared be
fore him, pointed pistols at him and
ordered him to disgorge. Their de
mand was made in an ugly way, so
Cerf reached down and produced 60
cents, stating that it was all he pos
sessed. The thugs then tore his coat
o,pen and relieved him of 53 in gold and
his geld watch and chain.
. At this juncture a man appeared,
coming toward the trio, eo the thugs
forced Cerf to walk between them up
the street, threatening that if he made
the slightest outcry they would shoot
him on the spot. When the man had
passed out of sight, the thugs told
Cerf to -make himself scarce," and get
up the street as fast as possible, or he
would get a dose of cold lead. Cerf
lost no time in getting out of sight.
No clue to the thugs has been dis
covered.
Holdups are again becoming fre
quent in the Western Addition, and
tht- thujrs are getting bold and des
perate.
John Heisner and Eugene E.
Cerf Report to Police That
They Are Bobbed by Two Men
Livery Help Is Inclined to
Make an Adjustment Bather
Than Quit the Positions Held
STABLEMEN HOLD-MEETING
om: victim is beaten
Mutual Label and Lithograph
Company and Emplo3*cs Fail
to Arrive at an Agreement
JOB PRESSMEN
ARE STILL OUT
Night Prowlers Resume Opera
. lions in the Western Addi
tion, but Get Little Coin
HOLD-UP MEN
AGAIN ACTIVE
The annual meeting of the Swiss
Relief Society was held yesterday at
414 Pine street, G. A. Berton presid
ing. During the past year 172 persona
were assisted and the treasurer's re
port showed a capital of $11,278, in
vested in real estate and bonds. The
following were elected for the ensuing
year to serve as directors: A. Baur,
G. A. Berton, A. Borel, J. Freuler, U.
Gingg, J. Leutenegger, A. Monottl, E.
Pohll, Dr. T. A. Rottanzi, Dr. J. H.
Sartori, A. Vignier.
Swiss Relief Society Meets.
Yerba Buena Lodge of the Knights
of Honor gave a banquet last night in
a Powell-street, rotisserie at the close
of the installation of its officers for the
current term. There were present be
sides the officers and members Grand
Dictator P. L. Archibald, Grand Vice
Dictator B. E. George, Grand Reporter
Johnstone, Supreme Representative
Crowe and Deputy Grand. Dictator
Stock. .
At the termination of the excellent'
supper there were responses by the
officers named to toasts suggested by
S. F.' Purdy^ the dictator of the lodge,
acting as toastmaster. S. Whitney
and C. Noble also responded.
The new officers are: S. F. Purdy,
dictator; M. L. Crowe, past dictator;
Henry Payan, vice dictator; M. Hart
wick, assistant dictator; Richard
Noble, reporter; Charles Noble, finan
cial reporter; A. J. Fairweather, treas
urer; . T.. D. Nonkin, guide; Daniel
Cameron, guardian; William Wallace,
sentinel; M. L. Crowe, Thomas John
stone and F. F. Wedekind, trustees.
Knights of Honor. Install.
- The Hibernia Bank officials stated
last evening that Purcell's accounts
were straight and that so far as they
knew there was nothing to prompt him
to destroy himself. ¦>•>..
Purcell came to the United State3
about eighteen years ago as a mem
ber of the famous English-Irish team
of eleven athletes. They won more
than 60 per cent of the contests in
which they participated and appeared
in the principal cities of this country
and Europe. Purcell was at that time
in the excise department of the city
of Dublin. Later he located perma
nently in San Francisco and was
quickly identified with the athletic
sports of the Pacific Coast He be
came a member of the Olympic Club
•and as^a hurdle runner, jumper and
hammer thrower he won many medals
and had few equals. He also took an
active interest in the affairs of the
Gaelic Athletic Association.
Purcell's family consists of a wife
and four children. He is 37 years of
age. v^tj-
JOINS OLYJIPIC CLUB.
own life. She explained that not long
ego he spoke to her of a> clerical ; er
ror in his accounts at the Hibernia
Bank, which had caused him much
annoyance and brought on a repri
mand from one of the, bank officials.
This occurrence, Mrs. Purcell said,
appeared to worry her husband and
he would constantly refer to it His
eldest son, a' boy' of 16 years, asserted
that of late his father had often passed
him on the street and on the ferry
boat and would fail to recognize him.
Another source of worry to Purcell,
it is said, was a severe cold that at
tacked him nearly two years ago and
annoyed him greatly. He feared that
the trouble would eventually develop
into consumption.
JOHN PURCELL, WELL-KNOWN ATHLETE AND BANK CLERK,
WHO SHOT HIMSELF THROUGH THE HEAD AT HIS HOME IN
ALAMEDA YESTERDAY WHILE TEMPORARILY DERANGED.
A romance,, which had its origin on
the Atlantic Ocean, . reached its happy
climax on the shores of the Pacific yes
terday when two young guests at the
Palace Hotel quietly embarked on the
sea of matrimony. The early morning
train from the East brought to this
city Gerald Groesbeck, who promptly
registered himself from New York.
Later there arrived at tne same hog
telry a handsome young lady, who
shyly inscribed on the hotel register
the name and address Miss Lena Lutz
of Boston. . That the Palace had been
prearranged as the common destination
of the young persons was immediately
suggested by the fact tnat Groesbeck
was on hand to creet Miss Lutz and
this formality over they hurriedly ad
journed to the. Turkish room for a short
consultation.
A few minutes later Groesbeck was
on his way to the City Hall, wjiere he
procured a marriage license and re
turning to the Palace he was joined by
Miss Lutz on a hurried trip to the
Hotel Pendleton, where, it had been
learned, Rev. Dr. Rader was paying a
visit to some friends. Arriving at the
Pendleton Groesbeck called Dr. Rader
to the parlor and confided to him that
he and his fair companion were anxious
to be married at once.
Dr. Rader, after a conference with
his friends, secured the use of their
apartments for the ceremony, and ten
minutes later Mr. and Mrs. Groesbeck,
with their newly made acquaintances,
were on their way to a down town
French restaurant, where a wedding
luncheon was ordered. Last evening
the happy young couple returned to
the Palace, but remained there ohly
long enough to gather up their belong
ings and settle their bills. Groesbeck
instructed Dr. Rader to forward the
marriage certificate to the Nevada
Bank, and remarked that he and his
bride would probably spend their early
married life in London.
Groesbeck is well connected in New
York In a business way, but his family
is said to live in London. His bride
is a daughter of a prominent merchant
of, Boston. According to the story re
lated by Groesbeck to a fellow traveler
on the train which brought him to this
city yesterday, he first met his bride
on an Atlantic steamer.' The acquaint
ance led to a courtship by mail, and
finally' resulted in the wedding cere
mony in this city yesterday. Suspicion
that possibly the young couple had
eloped from the East had its only foun
dation in the fact that they came so
far West to get married.
Courtship by Letter Brings
Together a Pretty Miss of
Boston and New York Wooer
THEY FIEST MEET 'AT SEA
Long Overland Journey of a
Young 1 Eastern Couple Ends
in. 'Marriage Ceremony Here
HASTILY WED
IN THIS CITY
Captain;, George Sprengel of , the
trading schooner ; Neptune . was booked
at the City P.rison yesterday 'on .two
charges of assault to murder. On Sun
daynight," January 3, he' shot Pasquale
Cani vet and Alfred j Le Rivere, \ French
sailors; on'. East •; street, claiming ' that
he they were going to rob
him.. Jl Canivet, ; who was dangerously
wounded, issaid to /be recovering..
Captain Sprengel ; Is Charged.
The following named were installed
last evening in the Odd Fellows' build
ing with impressive ceremonies as ;the
officers of Mizpah Court, of the Tribe
of Ben Hur for the current term: Mary
Dewey, past chief; George Gunn,*
chief; Julia Bunsinoni, judge; .Grace
Day, teacher; Daniel LI Dewey, scribe;
R. Baglee, keeper of tribute; George
W. Peckham, captain ; Laura , H/ Peck
ham, guide; E.J. Foster and H.'Mur
ray, guards. ¦
Ben Hur Onlccrs.
An appeal in behalf of Lee Fook,
also sentenced to death for murder,
was denied by, tne Supreme Court yes
terday. ... •; ;£) ¦,
Chew Lan Ong.must die on the
scaffold toy order of the Supreme
Court. The Chinaman murdered a
countryman and when arraigned en
tered a plea of guilty. The Judge sen r
tenced him to be hanged at San Quen
tin June 6, 1902. An appeal was tak
en and a stay was secured.
The defendant's attorney argues
that his client should have necessar
ily had a Jury trial and that the Judge
had no authority to fix the degree of
murder. Th.e 'Supreme Court cites
numerous y cases to prove the con
trary. It is declared that Chew ; Lan
Ong must again be taken before the
Judge and' resentenced, • so that the
Warden of San Quentln will get the
necessary order to execute the de
fendant.'. ' .-
the Scaffold Over a Koad .Not
Frequently Traveled.
Chinese Murderer Makes His Way to
Manuel Constant .was. found guilty
by a/Jury yesterday in the United
States District Court of having de
frauded the revenue by conducting an
.illicit distillery. Special. Revenue
Agent Bert Thomas learned last spring
that Constant, who operated a distil
lery, at Santa Rosa, had been selling
brandy at prices which indicated that
the revenue tax on the same- had not
been paid. ( Constant was shadowed
and a 1 large quantity of illicit brandy
that had been made in his. distillery
was discovered by the revenue officers
in a barn belonging to Constant near
Novato. The distillery and stock were
accordingly confiscated and sold for
the benefit of the Government.
Constant was afterward indicted by
the United States Grand Jury. He
Avas ordered to appear for sentence
this morning.
Manufactured on the Sly and Santa
Rosa People Bought His Fire
. Water. .
MUST HAXG ALTHOUGH
HE WAS NEVER TRIED
MANUEIi CONSTANT GUILTY
OP BOLD MOOXSIIINING
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL), TUESDAY/ JANUARY 12, 1904.
Bank Employe Who Was at One Time
Prominent in Athletic Circles Fires Bul
let Into His Head and Is Near Death
JOHN PURCELL ATTEMPTS
TO END HIS OWN LIFE
9
POSTTJM CEREAL.
' AMUSEMENTS.
A T ' C* A r7 A TD Eela3CO * Mayer.
General Manager.
_ TO-2TIOKT— THIS WliiiK O5LT.
MATINEES SJv TUSSAT AITS SUNDAY
Clyde Fitch's Strongest Play. ,
THE MOTH The cwi(ir«i'«
_________________ Costume
Pasty.
...and... • j* j«. ; ;.
THE FLAME, ife"'
Evi-s.. 25r to 75c. Mats. Sat.and Sun.I3c to 50c
NEXT MONDAY— First tim» »n this ctty.
The "Wallack Theater's Hit of Last Seaaon.
/VYRS. JACK.
In Which Alice Fischer Starred.
Market St.. near Eighth. Phone South B33.
TO-WXQXT— AZ.3. THIS WEEI.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
First Time Here of the Eastern Success,
7% Moonshiners
A comedy drama of the Virginia. Mountains.
Thrilling! Entrancing! Sensational!
First appearance In this ctty of
TOMMY SBEABZHt,
The new comedian irl the Central Stock Com-
pany. • '
PDTfFI Evenings 10c to BOo
IIUVU M«Un*«i 10c. 13c. 23«J
Week of Jan. IS— THE BOWERY GIRL.
Matin te Saturday — All This Week
Miss Vivian Prescott
"THE BOWERY WAIT"
In the Pastoral Southern Melodrama
IN CONVICT STRIPES
A Story of Life In the Hills of South Carolina.
2TSXT SUNDAY __TXXTE_
ONE NIGHT in JUNE
A PLAY FOR THE PEOPLE.
Taual Popular Prices.
laterally Teemiajr With
DElIOHTrUL COMEDY
CHAHMIITO MUSIC
STJPEBB COSTUMES
' OBIQIHA— SPECIALTIES— —
SPARKLING DIALOGUE
That AVas the Universal Verdict of the Inv
mence Crowd Last Night.
"THE BEAUTY SHOP"
An ' Instantaneous and Emphatic Hit
Our •'All-Star" Cast— Kolb and DU1. John
Peachcy, Den T. Dillon. Allen Curtis. Helen
Russell. Georgia O'lUraey, Althea Sisters, etc..
etc., etc.
Augmented, Beautiful Chorus.
Secure seats quick. No more "standing room.'*
DEAVES' MERRY MANIKINS;
And a Great Show Every Afternoon and
U-enta* la tit* Heated Theater.
A CHINESE BABT IN THE INFANT INCU-
BATOR.
Visit the Mystic Mirror Maze.
Take a Trip Down the Flame.
XirSTXCT "O-BABET PS I— MOST."
AMATEUR zrXCtKT ' THUilSDAY.v
-Admission. 10c; Children. 8c
RacinfiipSii^ Bating!
OAKLAND RACE TRACK
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB, . ,
Commencing January 4.
Racing Each Week Oar. Rain or Shin*.
Six or More* Races Daily.
Races commence at 2:15 p. m. ¦sharp. >. -
For special trains stopping- at the track taka
S p - Ferry, foot of Market street. A 12.
12:30i 1:00. 1:30 or 2 o'clock. - No smokins In
last two cars, which ar» reserred for ladles
and their escorts. - ,
' Returning trains leave track at 4:10 and
4-45 and Immediately after the but race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS. President.
PERCY. AV. TREAT. Secretary.
ffi J
X_2^33o tiSSzi -st. sfSSr
;' PATTOSIEX'S. - _ ! fJ ; PATTOSIEyS.
We are offering some extraordinary values this
month in our Stove Department. A carload of RICH-
MOND STOVES arrived last week. The price we ask is
about one-third less than what they charge DOWNTOWN.
RICHMOND RANGE, as pictured above, con- <£*)ffc 00
nected to boiler. *pO\J___i
Downtown Price, $42.00.
PATTOSIEN'S
Cor. 16th and Mission
. ADVEBTISEMENTS.
For Long Journeys
To invigorate and fortify
the svetem for exertion use
UEBIG
COMPANY?
Extract of Beef
. Far better as ; a refresher
and stimulant than alcohol.
A Bracer without reaction.
¦ *«¦¦ n ¦ a Gani to 8TAT cured. Cttm
H &»T.|Jnfl H rrmovtJ. Utalth r«to«d. At-
li \ I H Kfl £| Uctm«T»r return. K»th«trtil/
¦ ¦ "^ .¦¦•¦ ¦¦¦¦¦¦ anrwhen. No farther i«d at
medicine*. Book 00 FREE. Ninety wgf*, tdUbmrt
A*timi»»noIi»ji'eT«r. p. Haxola Hayes, BulT_lo, N.T.
I-'---- ¦ .-¦.-* ¦•>¦;¦¦¦ .-.-. .
Always Remember the Fall JName
a jarooyg .ijlroiao Ovrnme
Cares a Cold in One Day, Gripin 2 Days
jG(ff£j&> oaevery
AMUSEMENTS.
10=Big Acts-SO
Howard Thnrston; Wallno and Marl-
nctte; Asra; White and Simmons;
Fred. Hallen and Molly Fuller:
Dumitrescu, Van Aukcn and Van-
nerson; The Sa-Vans: Charlotte
Guyer " Grorge;. The Tobins, and
Orpheum Motion Pictures. .
Regular Matinees Every Wednesday, Thurs-
day. Saturday and Sunday. PrJceo 10c. 25c
an! 50c. .
Nightly. Except Sunday. Matinee Saturday.
MRS.
F* Kj 1£A 9 fs 19 El u
Supported by the
IMPERIAL THEATER COMPANY
of London. ' .
In Percy Fendall'a Modern Comery,
MRS. DEERING'S
DIVORCE.
TIV0JLlSo5&
APPLAUDED TO THE ECHO!
MATINEE SATO—OAT.
When Johnny
Gomes Marching Home.
A Military Spectacular Comic Opera by Stan-
islaus Stance and Julian Edwards.
Martial Music! Picturesque Scanery! • North-
ern Soldiers and Southern Sweethearts!
TJsna.1 Popular Prices . . . .250, 50c aaA 75o
Box Seatg S1.0O
TO-NIGHT. ~£l
3 A TRIP r= — —l n
J mQ I Hoyt'sfl a
9 CHINATOWN. J.
|J With the Favorite Comecllan,
V JACK CAMPBELL. J
_} And an Excellent Company.
H ¦ Funniest of All Hoyt Farces. .. ' -. 1
LYRIC HALL, To-Nighttf.
BURTON
HOLMES
. LECTURES
&YOSEM1TE JSr
Magnificent " Colored Views and
Realistic Motion Pictures
TO-MORROW EVE.. "ST. PETERSBURG.""
SPECIAL MATINEE SATU2DAY at 3
. ••TOSEfllTE .VALLEY."
Reserved Seats at Sherman, . Clay A Co.'av
r 50c. 75c and tl.OO.
Paton- dowt p ail to
I aiaWW ge g th,, beautiful
V COURT Loi?n2tflg
. /Mil room, thft EMPIRE
aUI » PARLOR, tfar
C 1 PALM ROOM, th«
Iff/. fill LOUIS XV PAR-
U iai1 ** LOR, and the LA-
|i . < DIES' WRITING
DOteiSlRQ 0^
*:-; $1 per Year.
TrfE WEEKLY- GALL
$>! per Vear*
! SEND TWO CENTS \ I
\ For a Miniature Copy . |
\ of the Book 1
The Road to
Wellville"
\ ''Don't be a Primer scholar and
bend opinions at the Algebra Class."
| If you really care for the joy, peace and comfort of 1
health, for thp days when everything is yours, and every act K
i and movement bring the sweet content of childhood, drop [I
your old diet (both of body and mind) and sturdily travel |
: Thc Road to Wellville." . |
\ FREE. r A miniature copy will be found in each pack- II
age of Postum Coffee and Grape - Nuts. • Your grocer can |
POSTUM CEREAL CO., Ltd., |
! • Battle Creek, mich. ' i
5_C*i^_^_^_f^l_^r^^^ ¦ _ ___B__i BB 3_B____B____M— _ _ _^ w*^OAILAND BAOETBACX — MONDAY. Jan. /LX — Weather tine. Track fast.
g«»O. FIRST RACE— Six and a half Ourlongs; selling; 4-year-olds & up; to flr«t, $325.
I _ ndex Horse and Owner - WtSt. U. JJ. %", Str. Fin. Jockey. | Op. CK
/^L v U n e D ? le ( '" 10mafi & Co '->-- 02 4 ...14 1 3141 3 114 HUdtbrand ~2 13-5
rrS^ S mll £ 2 Uve /- 6 (R - H - Clark) 10 ° 8 •*• * 'i " 2 ' H :i 2 % Fol «y 8 12
( ?*2r )O .ur Pride 6 (Howe Stable)... NW 7 ... 7 2 « n 0 2 4 3 Bell ....... « 12
BSTO Al»f?£i'i?/« H - Ryan) °° 1(> ••• OH* 2 4n 5 3 Lamen .... 4 ft
S^in £L •»?¦¦•. < Mr »- Hertzell) OH 0 U 1%8 n 8 1 6 1 H. Smith... 2O 60
T e J n m * r f a <G - K McN eHD WK I ••- 2 h 2 »/, 5 \t, 7 5 Ji T Shehn H 0-2
r.im Jean Gravler, 4 (Becker)..-.... 04 11 ...10 2 10 4 »2 8 5 Greenfield. 20 30
k^,% P ru f. wocd - « (J- McA tester)... 05 5 ... 5 l»$0 %10 4 9 « Kunz 20 30
w-j« £f ee -.. C (A PP' eb >' & Co.).. 101 2 .... 3 1143 n 3 1 10 3 J. Martin... 8 16
50jj_Ciarlnette. 4 (H., J. Jonea)... 07 6 . . . 11 11. , 11 11 Connell .... 15 2»
Tim t^w 4 \ i -o :48 # 1 ,, 1:l:l - i - 1:2 °H. At post 6 minutes. Off at 2:15. Dale.' place. 11-10;
v«r - TV"r; * e »<> w *tone. place. 3; show. 0-6. Oliver, show. 2. Winner, b. m. by Pur
<„ . J; i j . Dale. Trained by J. Reavey. Scratched— Sue Johnson Start good. Won
• Vi ?* « . l riv « of tw °- Third .driving. ,.Purc~Dale was well rated, but was kept bu?y
Vi. ,,„, ¦ Emily Qllver closed well undtr indifferent handling. Flyer away poorly.
The Miller quit. Soyflld Carilee. Clarinette works well.
B<tt)1. SECOND RACE— Three and a half furlongs; gelling; 2-yr..oldg; value to first. $325.
Index Horse and Owner. WtjSt. U.'Vj. %. Str. Fin. I Jockey. I Op. cT.
5055 Salable (Elaslngame Bros.).. 98 t ...... 12(414 15 Cr^swalte IB 20
¦'¦' ¦ S S 53 a /1?. a (B - «chrelber)... J07 2 2 % 2 ij .2 h Burns 5 7
;;•;.» « 4 (Blanch! & Co.).- Ill) fl S ».i 4 Vi :s ns See 4 5-2
w-' «V 'i V w Y OW 5ll (M - Jon «).... 105 4 3!i3h 4 Vj HUdebrand 5-2 12-5
5O.jj feteel Wire (H.. Stover): U8 7 4 n 52 55 Kujiz 30 .'50
;;.;; P, el Cari " a < R - A - Smith).... IK) 8 ... ... ti 2 « 1 6 n Larsen ....] 15 15
BOSS Storma (Burns & Waterhoure) 10-1 »( 7 2 7 :j 7 4 Bell B 8
5055 Wllla (A. T. Dobson) ..105 9 ~S2 8 2 H 5 J Ma'rYin'.V. ti 10
.... {-akeport (F. p. Reynolds). . 1O3J11 10 1 0.1 On J. T. Shehn 10 SO
.... Leah (A R. Lynch) 10O 10 9 2 10 2 10 3 Foley 15 25
Morlta .(Napa Stock Farm).. 105| 3 11 11 11 c. Kelly 7 10
Time— :23«4. :«^.' At post 1% minutes. Off nt 2:41. 'Salable, place ,8; show. 4 Raga
51. a n n «?h I V, P^ c -. 5 "H : u Shc>w - 7 - 5 - Meada - show - 7 - 10 - w ">n*'-. *>. K- by Sam Lucas-Sallle
>ensmie. Trained by \V. ti Appleby. Scratched— Onondulum. Start fair Won easily,
jsext three driving hard. Winner just breezed In. Ragamanda led for a short piece.
Meada will take some beating next time out. M. A. Powell only fairly well ridden.
_^t»™amynone too well.
5«»a. THIRD RACE— Six and a half t^lZ^T^lU^?^^^
f^Hj Horse and Owner. Wt St. U- !*. % . Str.- Fin. I Jockey. | Op. 5T.
N-ift L K | n °T<- 6 <F - ? Burnell)... 90 (! 5 n 7 fi h \i 1%! 1 1 4 Hildebrand 13^10 Ts
r^Sn L n' S ANa S n *T. 5 (McAllister) 107 1 1 tf 1 ?i 1 s; 1 1^2 3 larsen .... 4 9-2
5C80 Hollick. 6 1 M Jones)., 104 7 7 ' 6 h 3 h 5 h ;i ns C Smith 12 25
/«*! ? erPnd0 T^ ° <J - Green) I0« 562517 B24% Bm . . * . .¦ „ j7,
B$m. 'n^ %*?£*£ <R - Hu s"«-«) 102 4 2l%2 > 4 1 2 h 5 3 Ollphant ... S 13
5rI;J lOptlmo. 5 (D. F. Blakeman). 106 2 4- 2 4 »i 5 % 4 n <1 4 Burns 5 S
5622 Uunt Polly,^ * (Gragortft Co.)f .89 a J h 3 % 2 n 7 7 Kun" .'. '.'.'.'. 4 9-2
Timf--:24'i:4Sii 1:13 1:21. At post 2 minutes. Off at ¦.'5:03. Know, place. 4-5: phow.
Awutln B n. pl i ac *i V S « 0W - 1 *-- RoUick - ""ow- 3 - Winner, ch. m. by St. Charles-
Assistance Trained by M. House. Scratched— Picka way. Albemarle. Oro Viva Pat
hM r^m°fi«n 0U t 8 iS 1 ; Carr i^«u? tart Bood ' Won easlly - Next three driving hard. Winner
ones P uh, "h 1 ? ?° tO ? 1200 , b , y H " R °l>lnson and retained. I Know can beat better
?n th. «f! i, Vi r racin » luck Rollick would have been second. Berendos was pocketed
under weak manilem"nt a * mE 3Ce ""1"" b * d handl!n(f - Au , nt Po "y 1 ult
S0»«. FOURTH RAC&-F^u7it77oT^^
Horse and Owner. WtjSt. 'i . »i. Str, Fin. Jockey. | Op. Cl.
51"n Olendennlng. 5 (Sink Jr.).... Oftj 4 ... 1 11*1 2 1 1 1 ns LaTsen •» 13-6
R4/.0 lEscalante. 4 (Patten & Co.).. 110 1 ... 4«21 2 1 « ""'• WaterburV ' * 4
»« 'ii"*" 011^ 5 ' J - & Meager). 05 2 ... 3^4 % 4 \ 1 Ul HUdebrand 4 ».
.ii, M' m ". 4 <P. Sheridan) 0.1 3 ... 2 *i .1 >,i H »i 4 at Kunz 4 •>
5»a2 Ool Van. B <D. S. Fountain). .ilO4 G ... 5 3 5 S 5 1 5 2 Bel" t 7
k-w c°° hsa >' er . 4 /T < L amasney)....ll00| 7 ... 7 6 3 «5 6 5 Foley":::: 15 3<>
t>oM Scotsman. 4 (Jennings & Co.)|103| 6 . . . « a; 7 7 7 ¦ J. Martin... 8 5
T1m !r;i: 3 -^. :4 '.i»- j :10 - Tt post 1% minutes. Off at 3:30H>. Glendenning. place Q-5;
show. A. o . Kscaiante. place. 2: show. 1. Holly, show, 9-10. Winner, ch g. by St
Sn^wn" 11^- Tra "l5 d b >' W. B. Sink Jr. Scratched-Puss in Boots. My Surprise
Lansdowne Bummer N'arra G Start good.' Won In a hard drive of two. Third drlv
day jX HoUv S «n "i d ' >nninK a J? n , ff tO e* rf *c"°n- Waterbury liked F-scalante this
.th. y nss J^e"%^^^^^ Van ,«»•«..»?. P' ece » « the flrst volley. B.g
BOO4. FIFTH RACE-Seven furlongs; purse; 3-year-olds; value to first. $320.
Index Horse and Owner. Wt St. U~U. »;. StrrFlnTT~Jocke y r7~O^ cT
Jmr n a \t- t by , M - J - D " l >'- good. Won in a hard drive of two Third drlv
gQO5. SIXTH RACE-One mile arid 70 yards; selling; 4-year-olds and up; to flrst. *C23.
Horse and Owner. XVt. St. ij. y,.-%. Str. Fin. [.Jockey. | Op CV
(5.^»'Plerce j. 5 (P. F. IliaKVm^nV.lloa 4 4 %. 5 K 5 1*1 * j " fglj^ "j 2 «-g
MILWAUKEE. Wis., Jan. 11.— The
Milwaukee Boxing Club : to-day re
matched Aurelia Herrera, the Mexi
can, and Charles Xeary of this city
to meet in a six-round bout on Jan
uary 22. The articles call for 130
pounds at 3 o'clock on the day of the
Herrera Is .Again Matched.
ing to 'the outside as the webbing was
released made the break a very ragged
c-ne. «,
The hand books about, town were
given all the I Know money they could,
handle. Some 6 'to 1 was obtainable.
Following are to-day's entries:
First race — One mile; 1-year-olds and up: se'l
ing:
r.S4« Hungarian (Dunn & Porter) 106
54!)S Grand Sachem (Moran).... lot
KM6 Outburst (McA tester) ;....'.... 104
55R2 Urlssac (Markleln). 106
. r .fir>(i 'Tonopah (Schlff) 06
4757 'Donee (Appleby) 101
Kino Dr. Blssell (Hemlngray) 101
B032 Katie Walcott (Kaufman) ..104
5fl<10 Sisen vine (Stoer) 101
r.C6O Donalor (Mulholland) 106
•ifiW •IsabeJllta (McNamara) 9t
5000 First Chip (Crandall) 104
Second race — Six furlongs; 3-year-olds; sell
ing:
5«S1 •Llbble Candid (Appleby &. Co.). ......101
MJ44 Dorice (Schrelber) ; . .105
56158 'Letola (Jennings & Co.) »7
.... War Times (Patterson) 105
(5T>02)*Telephone (Smith) 107
(.'r,70)»AnanIas (Schorr).. XU
4050 Facts (Barker) ...!lO9
"4U72 Constanza (Spiers)... ico
f>444 Moatta. (Blanchi & McOovern) .102
fi-»f;i *Dungannon (Knebelkamp) 07
5C70 Jllss Betty (Ferguson). \.iil07
5C70 *Coroner Kelley (Bender & Co.). .... ..105
up^cliin™^*" 53^* 11 furlonss « and
r.GC7 Pat Morriss.\v ( Wellman) 109
6G4* Hellas (Creely) 106
(50fi»)Tom Slavin (Clifford) 112
5527 •Somenos (Josephs) ***1O4
5608 Lou Clleveden (McDowell).'. .!.'!.** KM
5GC7 •Velma. Clark (McAlester). 102
5488 -Esforzado (Bryan) f£
56»K» •Lapldus (Daly)... .. ;. ""* ¦,?%
BC57 El Oriente (Spiers)... ] too
5044 •Romalne fMurray) !, . {XT
5C8.T 'Achilles (McCab* & Co).. '\cr
565« 'Candidate (Rowell) .....I'.'. '.'.] \ \ [Joi
• Fourth race— Six and a half furlongs; han
dicap; three-year-olds and up: .
50.,:t Kenilworth (Stover) .. . i«t
PC5S Hagerdon (Frank) • .'.*.' ' " " " " J™
545.1 John A'. Scott (Jones) ...... \.7 ,}£'
s^Sair""-- :::: *
n«oa Arabo (JennW) ' .V.V.V.'.V.".".*.' ' " " " 104
(oo.4)San Nicholas (Burns & Waterhouse)'.!l2O
upT'sening-*" 0 " 6 m , lle : >ur-year-olds and
; 5078 Rlnaldo (Siskiyou stable) ... 101
5500 Past Maner (Fink) .'... <*•
MM) Mllas (Hanna) ............'... ."""104
Dfir.7 »Ga wa lne (Cotton) ; . . . *.'." 0G
5594 'VlrRle d f Or (Becker) ' 90
500!) 'Expedient (Smith) ......:. " 0<5
5009 *G. W. Trahern (Kentucky stable) ... 00
6438 'Byrnnerdale (Crane) •>«
5500 Me. Phlnzy (BlaUeman) .ion
5C0t) MacGyle (Boot* &¦ Hollenbeck).. . ....101
5C6rt 'Tuck Back (Ross) .... ..">..-..-. 00
3C80 *Emshee (Bell) .\. .'. 99
Sixth' race-^-Ono and a sixteenth miles; three
year-olds and up: selling; -
5509 •! O U (Chappelle) .:.'. .'.104
5C83 Prestolus (Devln A Co.) ..............104
6651 Mn«. Scott -f Carrol I) «2
(5C«7)Mllllouon (Randall) i.104
5692 •Optimo (Blakeman) 101
56S2 Lacy Crawford .(Schrelber) ;...;i0fl
6667,'Marltn (Bender & Co.) 98
566M 1 Frank Woods ¦ (Garden City stable)... ICO
'Apprentice allowance.
PROBABLE WINHEBS.
rirst race — Tirst Chip. Iiabellita. Si«
envine. ¦ u
< Second race — LetoU, Ananias, ¦ Tele
phone. ¦.--.-".¦¦:.- - , . • . .
Third ¦ race— Someaoi, Velma Clark,
Iiauldui. V '•-;;¦ • - -..<'. ¦ ¦¦¦¦
' :< Fourth race— Kenilworth, Baa Nicolas,
Martinmas. , ¦:¦¦•• - .;-,-¦• .
Fifth race— Erashee. MlUa. Gawalne.
Sixth ; race — Marlin* ZUUonon. Z O TT.
:..' Starter Dick Dvvyer resumed work
with the barrier again yesterday; -His
starts 'were excellent with the '.excep
tion of the last, when Stuyve by swerv-
A cluster of crack, sprinters start in
the six and a half furlong handicap this
afternoon.-.,-^ : *
Jockey S. -Bonner has been here for
some days. The colored rider met with
an accident while playing baseball, and
his .employer, Charles McCafferty, will
hot permit him to accept any mounts
until fully recovered.
; Willie Sink will 'sell all of his horses
in training and leave for France. Prince
Poniatowski secured " a. position in
France for' Willie as a trainer at a
salaryof $12,000 a year.
Bookmaker Gu's Bluhm of Chicago is
here, but; does, not intend to cut in.
He came to California' this winter * on
pleasure only.
Harry Robinson, trainer of Optimo,
got busy after the finish of the third
event. First he bid 'up I Know from
$400 to $1200, but the stable showed no
inclination to let the mare go. Harry
then claimed Louis Wagner, owned by
McAllister & Co.. which horse was in
to be sold for $400. McAllister & Co.
do. not fare so badly, though, as Wag
ner finished second in the race and the
firm receives half of the run-up money.
-"Silver Bill" Riley, ithe veteran auc
tion pool seller and bookmaker, will cut
in at Oakland to-morrow. : ' V ; U,
Henry Spencer is back from Los An
geles and will shortly be"'seen in the
saddle , here. .
Hildebrand piloted three winners,
Bell is riding consistently if not bril
liantly. '
some highly refined and educated
money was placed on his possibilities.
An exceedingly close fit was the fin
ish between The Mighty and Judge.'
These two corking good three-year-olds
clashed in the seven-furlong purse run,
and The Mighty, with Larsen in the
saddle, went to the post favorite at odds
of 4 to 5. Mike Daly liked the chances
of the Judge, and the black colt's price
dropped from twos to 9 to 5. Larsen
assumed the front position in the
stretch, when Judge, under Johnny
Daly's clever handling, gradually closed
on him and in a hard drive beat the
favorite out about six inches in 1:26%.
Hugh McGowan, a 30 to 1 shot, took
the show from Solanus. •
A bad mix-up at the start of the con
cluding mile and seventy-yard selling
number nearly gave the race to Kitty
Kelly. As the barrier was released
Stuyve, the first choice, swerved to the
outside, preventing all of the starters
but Kitty Kelly from getting away.
The outsider cut quit,e a swath out In
front for a time, when the favorite
picked up the running and galloped in
first. Key Dare ran third, half a length
behind Kitty Kelly. Ben MacDhui had
no chance with the break. ' •
NOTES OF THE TRACK. ;
Glenwood's work on birds was the
redeeming feature of the day's work,
which was in all rather discouraging,
owing to an oversight of Trainer Lu
cas, who failed to have C. E. Wor
den's pointer dog, Sandlewood, on the
grounds. The running of the stars,
Rod-Sandlewood, heat was postponed
until to-morrow morning, and W. W.
Van Arsdale's English setter bitch,
Keepsake, handled by Charles Bab
cock, and W, B. Coutts' pointer dog,
Glenrose, handled by Charles Coutts,
were put down where the preceding
brace was taken up. Both dogs show
ed excellent speed and range, that of
Keepsake being especially good. This
bitch is the smallest competitor in the
trials, scaling less than twenty-five
pounds, but she runs with surprising
ease and grace and reminds one of her
famous dam, Champion Peach Blos
som, whose recent running in Eastern
trials is still fresh In the memory of
field trial patrons. I
The pointer, too, proved himself a
good one, and together t,he dogs work
ed Out a considerable extent of terri
tory. Just before crossing the rail
road track to where birds flushed in
the preceding heat had taken refuge
in fine, low grass cover, a- number of
birds were flushed by' spectators, al
though the dogs had ; run over the
same ground Just a few momenta pre
vious without locating. For some rea
son or other, after crossing the track,
the scattered birds could not be, found
until after a • considerable interval a
number were flushed by spectators.
Keepsake coming up caug-ht scent of
a . few birds hidden in a : clump of
weeds in a dry slough bed and after
pointing rather undecidedly for a few
seconds left for other, parts, when the
birds were flushed by the "field trial
party working over a knoll into 'a
hole containing .heavy cover.. Glen
rose pointed three birds - and was
steady. to shot and flush; down thirty
eight minutes.! ¦ - ¦ ' - '';¦¦>.
This ended the work for the day,
as owing to the lateness of the hour
It was found impractical to put down
another brace on grounds some two
miles distant. . An early start will- be
made to-morrow, Judge Bell's inten^
tion' being- to run the dogs on grounds
closer to town \ and give them \ the'ad
vantage of the time gained , in this
way. It is conceded that a heavy, rain
is needed in order ; to \ insure ; passable
scenting conditions, - as ' it is almost
impossible to secure 'any. point work
from field dogs at the present , writ-
Ing. Soon after starting, the alkali
dust, which they distrust, . arises in - a
cloud, filling their* nostrils and making
It almost "impossible : to " scent': birds.
Given- a -heavy shower to settle the
dust and' it Is 'reasonable .to -expect
that some, high- class* work: from the
dogs will follow improved conditions.
flushed ahead of her, while Glenwood
showed his training by rooding care
fully on the scent of running birds,
finally ending with a stanch point,
which Bab backed for a few moments
when she moved up. Dodge flushed
the birds and shot and both dogs were
steady.
Sent after birds which had scattered
on a knoll covered with alkali weeds,
Bab rooded to several birds, which
she flushed as soon as she located
them. Glenwood soon secured an
other point, holding it well and being
steady to shot. Bab finished up the
heat by running over several more
birds, after which she pointed mo
•mentarily and then went to a flush.
Aside from her unsteadiness on game,
which may be corrected by more, ex
perience, she is a promising bitch and
should train on to make a good one.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 11.— Favorites
divided honors with outsiders at Ascot
Park to-day, but the winning first
choices were all at almost prohibitive
odds and there was light betting on.
them. The result wts that the books
held a goodly balance in their favor
when the programme was finished.
The initial race' was a surprise to the
talent, Toto Gratiot, at 10 to 1, beating
a very ordinary field. Effervescence
was second and Evander, the favorite,
third.
Peggy Mine was held at 4 to 5 for
the two-year-o!d dash. There was a
strong play on Melar, which was back
ed down from 3 to 1 to 8 to- 5. Peggy
Mine won handily, Melar second,
Woodclalm third.
Another strong favorite, Eugenia B,
at 1 to 2, won the third race at five
furlongs. Ocyrohe was second. Lady
Usk third. Ocyrohe was played down
from 20 to 1 to 15 to 1, then drifted
back to 20 to 1. He ran a good race.
The fourth race, a mile selling event,
went to Henry Clay Rye, at 8 to 1. Lu
nar, the strong favorite, was second:
Greenock third. Taxman was played
for a killing, but in rounding the first
turn was interfered with and dropped
out of it. He pulled up with a bleed
ing leg.
Blissful looked to- be such a sure thing
for the six furlong race, the fifth on the
card, that only a few books put up any
odds against her. Those that did held
her at 1 to 4. She galloped home in
front of Neko, which was two lengths
in front of Buccleuth.
The last race was an ordinary field
of platers, with Ultruda the favorite.
Canejo won by a nose from Ultruda;
Schwarzwald a n£ck behind the sec
ond horse. Jacob Holtman did the
starting to-day and his work was per
fect. Summary: »
First race. Slauson course, selling— Toto
Gratlot 117 (Boland). 10 to 1. won; Efferves
cence. 05 (Walsh), 4 to 1. second; Evander.
112 (Lewis). 7 to 1. third. Time. 1:11. Pat
Hammon. Metlakatla, J. V. Klrby. L«-gal
Maxim, Nona B and Acnes Mack also ran.
Second race, two-year-clds. maiden fillies —
three furlongs — Peggy Mine, 116 medfern). D
to 10, won; Melar. 116 « Boland). 8 to 5. sec
ond; Woodclalm. 11H (Walsh), 9 to 1. third.
Time, :57. Brown Study and Ella Owen also
ran.
Third race, five furlongs, three-year-olds,
selling — Eugenia B. 108 (Booker)/ 1 to If, won:
Ocyrohe. 1C5 (Buxton), 20 to 1. second: Lady
Ui>k. ».S (Walsh). 7 to 1. third. Time. l:O2?£.
Gottlieben. Lady Fonse, Colonel Bogey. Xora.
Matronla, Picture, Japallk and Louise Meinig
also ran. '
. Fourth race, selling 1 , one mile — Henry Clay
Hye. 1C9 (Miles), 7 to 1. won; Lunar. 93
(Walsh), t> to 5, second: Greenock. 103 (BJrk
enruth). 4 to.l. third. Time, 1:43. Heir Ap
parent. Galanthus," Taxman. Moor and Dr.
Dernays also ran.
Fifth race, selling:, six furlongs — Blissful.
107 (Slnnott), 1 to 4, won; Neko. 93 (Booker).
5 to 1. second: Buccleuth, 1C8 (Knapp). 12 to
1. third. Time. 1 :15«4- Fox Lake. Fading:
Light. Emir and Terra Incognita also ran.
Sixth race, selling:, one mile — Canejo. 05 (An
derson). 7 to 1. won; Ultruda, 07 (l*wis>. tt
to 5. second; Schwarzwald. 97 (Walsh). S to
1. third. Time'. 1 :43i4. Ping. Little Secret.
Autumn Time, Ulxn. Frank Pearce and Maud
Wo also ran.
"Young Corbett" and Jimmle Britt
will fight before the Colma Athletic
Club the first week in March. This club
last night offered 76 per cent of the
gross receipts, with the guarantee of
$15,000 to the young pugilists. Jim Neil
and Albert Brandon, representing the
Colma Club, will place a certified check
for $15,000 in the hands of Referee Ed
die Graney on Wednesday night, when
the two boxers meet to sign articles.
It Is safe to say that It is about the
quickest work that has yet been done
in that line in this city. It took just
five minutes to make the deal. Both
fighters were more than satisfied, and
grasped at Neil's offer of a $15,000 guar
antee in a flash. So rapid was the
work accomplished that the old timers
gasped at the lightning manner in
which the work was done.
At 9 o'clock Jimmy Britt and his
brother Billy were on hand at Harry
Corbett's to consider the bids already
posted. "Young Corbett" was at
Fischer's Theater enjoyinff the first
night of the new production^ "The
Beauty Shop." He promised to be at
Corbett's at the end of the first act.
but didn't show up. He sent word that
he would not arrive until 11 o'clock.
Britt was anxious to close .the deal,
and "Young Corbett" was sent for and
arrived shortly afterward. He acted
for himself.
"We'll give you 76 per cent of the
gate receipts, with a guarantee of
$15,000.'' said Jim Neil.
"What's that?" "Youns Corbett"
quickly asked. "You'll guarantee us
515,000?"
"That's what I mean," said Neil.
"I'll take you," said Corbett, and.
turning to Britt. "Is that satisfactory
to you. Jimmy?"
"Perfectly." answered Jimmy.
And the deal was made.
After arguing for a few minutes
about the posting of the money and
about forfeits, it was agreed by the
bidders for the Colma Club to post a
certified check for $15,000 in the hands
of Eddie Graney at the time of the
signing of the articles. Albert r randon
gave his check for $1000 as a guarantee
that he would have the mt.iey ready
Wednesday night. Britt and "Young
Corbett" each agreed to a Xorfeit
of $2500 that they would be on hand
on the date which is yet to be set.
< To-night Billy Britt will meet "Young
Corbett" and draw up the articles. The
previous understanding that the winner
take 65 per cent and the loser 35 per
cent of the purse will undoubtedly be
adhered to.
Much speculation as to the ability of
the Colma Club to arrange accommoda
tions for the large number of sports
that will attend the fight was rife.
Judd Gibbs, manager of the Colma
Club, says that he will have the pavil
ion at Colma in good condition to seat
a $27,000 house. New flooring is n#w
being put in and the place will receive
a general overhauling. The prices of
seats will range from $2 to $20.
Races nu New" Orleans.
NEW ORLEAXS. Jan. 11. — Cres
cent City summary:
First race, seven furlongs— Cedar
Rapids won. King's Charm second,
Chanley third. Time. 1:31 1-5.
Secotid race, one mile, selling — Cir
cus Girl won. Moderator second, Ma
lay third. Time, 1:46 4-5.
Third race! one mile and a sixtenth
— Hymetus vron,' Lee King second,
Lampoon third. Time, 1:52 3-5.
Fourth race, seven furlongs — Big
Ben won. King Croker second, Bon
Mot third. Time. 1:30 2-5.
Fifth race, one mile and a sixteenth,
selling — Handspinner won. Semper
Viva second, Lola L third. Time.
1:53 1-5.
Sixth race, six and a half furlongs,
selling — Alcomer won. The Messenger
second. Over Again • third. Time.
1:23 3-5.; r;
The other "special match," that be
tween Harry Tenny and Joe* Troy, did
not last a round. Tenny started after
his opponent like a wild man and
dropped him to the floor with a wicked
right on the point after they had been
fighting less than a minute. When Troy
arose at the count of five Tenny waded
in again and drove his right into Troy's
stomach, dangerously near if not be
low the belt. Troy went to the floor for
the count at any rate, and Referee
Hayes gave the fight to Tenny.
The fight between Dick Hyland and
Tom Sullivan was won by Sullivan,
though the best he should have re
ceived was a draw. He was so much
taller than Hyland that the latter had
to jump to reach his jaw. Sullivan kept
him from reaching it with any effect
during three rounds, but in the fourth
the little fellow, who had won the sym
pathy of the crowd by his gameness
and willingness to try the big fellow
at any sort of fighting, landed with fre
quency. When the judges decided in
Sullivan's favor the spectators hooted
and yelled and hissed, and when Hy-
Jand left the ring he was given three
hearty cheers for his gameness.
The fight between Lew "Powell and
Jack Moran was fierce from the start
to the finish. They are both willing
fighters and clever ones and gave an
exhibition worth traveling a long way
to see. Powell appeared to be the
stronger of the two, but he was not
near as stiff a puncher as his oppo
nent. It was anybody's fight up to the
third round, when Moran caught Pow
ell a stinging right on the Jaw and
sent him to the floor. Powell was
dazed and when Moran landed three
straight lefts in the same place he was
plainly in sore straits. He lasted out
the round, however, and came up
Ftrong for the finish. U-:';
iloran was cool and collected and
clear-headed and opened up the round
with another straight left that dazed
Powell. Then they both mixed it and
for the rest of the round the ring was
not big enough. They did everything
but bite and kick, and when the gong
sounded the' finish were in the center
of'the ring fighting away like mad,
though Powell was not any too strong.
The judges decided, however, that he
was the winner, much to the disgust
of the crowd, which yelled and hissed
and called Foley and Everett all sorts
of cheats.
The Ki»ecial match between William
Duffy of the Hayes Valley Club and
Dirk Cullcn of the Relmont Club was
the tamest affair on the card. The
nidges decided that Cullen was the win
ner, notwithstanding that Duffy did
all the leading and forcing during the
four rounds. More than once Cullen's
habit of shirking the issue caused the
crowd to hiss him.
The second fight, that between
George O'Brion and "Mike" Conway,
nas lively from the start to the finish.
Everything seemed to be coming
O'Bripn's way until near the end* of
the third round, when Conway cut
loose a swinging left thaWtook all the
flptit out of his stocky opponent and
rhdrd the battle.
The first fight was between Harry
Williams, a Palace Hotel bellboy and
i member of the Hayes Valley Club,
and George Raymond of the Bay City
Club. Williams had the fight from the
start, and when the second round still
had five seconds to go Referee Milton
Hayes stopped it and pave the fight
to William;?.
The four-round bouts arranged by
Ihe Bay City Athletic Club and pulled
off last night at the Pavilion Annex
were all good fights, but they were
spoiled by the decisions of Judges Har
ry Foley and Fred Everett. At least
two of the fighters, Dick Hyland and
Jack Moran, were wrongfully deprived
of the winner's prize. The place was
packed to the doors and the crowd was
not a bit backward in showing it* dis
like for the judges' opinions, particu
larly when they gave Lew Powell a
decision over Jack Moran.
A stop was now made at Gosford's
ranch, where lunch was partaken of,
after which J. W. Considine's English
setter bitch Hick's Bab, handled by
Coutts, and the Stockdale Kennels'
pointer dog Cuba's Glenwood, handled
by . Dodge, were taken several miles
west of Gosford's and put down on a
wide expanse of open territory con
taining nice cover and ran forty min
utes. This was one of the best braces
of the day, both dogs ranging out fast
and wide and quartering nicely to take
advantage of the cool northwest wind
which was blowing. The setter, showed
a slight superiority as to range, al
though that of both was excellent, and
both made nice casts to likely ground,
which indicated the possession of con
siderable bird sense. In speed they
were about equal, while in style Bab
excelled, as Glenwood was inclined to
lain with a rather low head at times,
which detracted somewhat from his ap
pearance. !;^V"
At the further end of the field the
dogs commenced making game and
after working out a little bit of cover
in a hole crossed the railroad track
and commenced rooding on foot scent
of running birds. Bab proved un
steady on a portion of the bevy, which
After a short run of five minutes a
bevy was seen running from cover to
more open ground, whence they flushed
when the handlers and dogs came up,
taking to some trees which skirted the
field. An attempt was made by spec
tators to force the birds from their re
treat while the dogs were being worked
over the field, but it was impossible to
drive them to good cover.
Cuba's Cottonwood, a pointer dog
owned by the Stockdale Kennels and
handled by N. M. Dodge, and Charles
C ggins* English setter bitch Miss Nel
scn, handled by Lucas, constituted the
third brace, and were put down in a
heavy cover along a dry slough bed.
Soon after starting Cottonwood ran
through a bevy which was hiding in a
dense growth of high grass, and al
though, the birds flushed in all direc
tions he failed to catch scent of the
bevy and passed on down the slough
bed. Both dogs showed nice action,
with fair speed and range, but came
in to their handlers quite often, which
may be accounted for by the nature of
the cover through which they ran. Both
were stylish in their way of going, but
unfortunate as to further opportunities
op birds. They ran forty minutes.
BAKERSFIELD, Jan. 11.'— The twen
ty-first annual trials 6t the Pacific Coast
Field Trial Club were commenced here
this morning under conditions none too
favorable for high-class work. An early
start was made for the grounds, located
some eleven miles southwest of Bakers
field, and the first brace of dogs, con
sisting of Charles Coggjns' English set
ter dog Sharon Boy, handled by J. Lu
cas, and H. W. Keller's English setter
bitch Sombra. handled by W. B. Coutts,
were cast off in open territory, rather
devoid of suitable cover, a^nd ran fifty
minutes. Sombra showed a superiority
in speed and range, running well to the
end of her beat without letting up in
her search for birds, and showing con
siderable bird sense. Sharon Boy moved
rather heavily in comparison. Soon
after starting a bevy flushed wild and
took to the trees, where they remained
until driven out by some of the field
trial attendants. Sombra rooded on
foot scent of the birds after they had
flushed, and Sharon Boy, coming up,
drew to a point, but discovered his er
ror and moved on after holding it a
few moments. The dogs were then
worked across a large extent of terri
tory containing many alkali deposits,
and when brought back to a patch of
weeds where a few birds had hidden
lost their scenting powers and were
unable to locate the birds, the majority
of which were flushed by spectators.
The second brace, consisting of J. E.
Terry's English setter bitch Countess
Lou, handled by Coutts, and B. J.
Baum's English setter dog Starlight
Jr., handled by Lucas, were taken to a
new location and ran thirty minutes
without any results as to bird work.
Lou showed best in range and speed,
while Starlight Jr. had a slight advan
tage as to style. In speed and range
he was somewhat constricted, and suf
fered somewhat in these respects when
compared with his bracemate.
By C. W. Hibbard.
Peggy 31ine, Eugenia B, Henry
Clay Bye and Blissful Are
Among the Winners at Ascot
Hyland, Moran and Duffy fcigliT
Like Winners but Fail to
Carry Off the First Prizes
Bapidity With Which the Busi
ness Is Transacted Causes
the Old -Timers to Gasp
Dogs Show Speed and Range,
but Results Are Not All
That Had * Been Expected
There was no trace of the light down
pour of rain, and the track could not
have been better. The attendance was
excellent, the books did a thriving busi
ness and four public choices landed in
front.
On form Pure Dale, the hard luck lit
tle Puryear r> gelding:, looked best of
the eleven starters in the opening sprint
at six and a half furlongs, and closed a
mild favorite, backed from 3 to 13 to '5.
The Miller and Flyer were the next
most fancied. At the start Hildebrand
lost no time in going to the front with
Pure Dale, and rating his mount well
put him over the line half a length
ahead of Yellowstone, a 7 to 1 chance.
Emily Oliver, a 15 to 1 shot, ridden by
Foley. led out Our Pride for the show.
It looked, like stealing lead pencils
from a blind man getting 9 to 5 about I
Know to win the six and a half furlong
spin, and the mare won at leisure. She
closed at 7 to 5, and Hildebrand, who
had the leg up, took matters as quietly
as if seated on the back of McChesney.
He 'was pocketed for a time, but got
through three-sixteenths from home
and* downed Louis Wagner, with con
siderable "to spare. Rollick, under poor
handling, finished a good third.
Only a nose separated the favorite.
Glendenning, and Escalante, the Patten
entry, at the finish of the Futurity
sprint, fourth to be decided. The race
had a most open look, and Mimo, Jane
Holly and Scotsman, besides Esca
lante, were all well supported. Larsen
nursed Glendenning along superbly,
and holding out a pound or two for the
pinch outflnished Waterbury, astride
Escalante, receiving a nose decision.
Jane Hojly led- Mimo out for third plr.ee
honors. Scotsman ran an inexplicably
bad race, considering the fact that
Speculation on two-year-old events is
always brisk, and the one decided at
Oakland yesterday was no exception.
Betting had not progressed long before
It became apparent that Meada, a black
fllly by Figaro-Afamada, • owned by
Blanchi & Co., was the real hot one.
The ring was deluged with coin until
the little Miss closed almost equal
choice with M. A. Powell, the favorite
on form. Meada did well for a begin
ner at the game, but could finish no
closer up than third. The winner turned
up in Salable, a 98-,pounder, ridden by
Crosswaite. which not only galloped in
first, ahead of Ragamanda, at odds of
25 to 1, but at the same time equaled
the California record of : 41^ for three
and a half* furlongs. M. A. Powell ran
fourth. .
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
CHEER LOSERS OF' BOUTS
CONDITIONS UNFAVORABLE
BOOKS HAVE A GOOD DAY
FIVE MINUTES FOR DEAL
Spectators at Show of the
Bay City Club Show Their
JHslike for the Poor Decisions
Britt and "Young Corbett"
to Box for a Purse of $ 1 5, 0 0 0
the First Week in March
Pacific Coast Field Trial Club
Holds Its Annual Competi
tions XearTown ofBakersfield
Talent Upsef in the First
Event on the Card at the
Racetrack ¦ in Los Angeles
Ring Lays 25 to I Againstthe Speedy Two- Year-Old and He Leads
Throughout— -I Know Is Heavily Backed and Beats Her Field
Hands Down---The Mighty Loses to Judge by a Very Short Nose
CROWD HISSES
THE REFEREES
HONORS FALL
TO GLENWOOD
TOTO GRATIOT
THE SURPRISE
BIG FIGHT GOES
TO COLMA CLUB
SALABLE, AN OVERLOOKED OUTSIDER,
WINS GALLOPING IN RECORD TIME
RACETRACK EVENTS AND GENERAL NEWS OF THE SPORTING WORLD
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL/ TUESDAY, JANUARY 12, 1904.
10
. ; ADV^BTISEKTENTS.
'; '. '¦ - ¦ ' . " . i^^^?*-. matter how weak
¦^-*~ m — -^ '^ l *iu\i. ou are; how full of
7; ¦ ' -. J £^t :^a\ ' *- : " '? ' ac^cs and pains; how
\ . ""^JB^^Sfe* 'Sty'^ > ~~~*** >ls v feeble and old in your
V >. ' /*" JrJjF- actions, you can be
\ \ H?» r*^' / Tna< Ie a stronRcr and
\ V^ j' \- r .1 better man by wearing
\» « \ | \y^\ _***Jr m y Electric Belt while
'^Nf^l /^j^^^ Pick out the men
I j T^ who have worn my
\#] . A Belt. See them with
x. . »/ / yf * heads erect, chest ex-
"*^</\)V- \ i ! A/S^ panded, the slow of
***-^^nJLV^ i \ i / •r^x^*L-^ x ' health in their cheeks.
— -**"*^S\N {«( / vj£Z&&£^^~ courage in their hearts
"^^^^^Is^^^^^^" that " CHS VOU ' " l am *
:^f^.r^^^^^^^^P^ 5^^*^* — • And how » 5 with
" "**! -"-"'^ "^ " * v*****- l ¦^r^ , you? Have you rheu-
matism and back pains, a dull ache and weakness over your kidneys,
dull headaches, with a tired, stupid feeling? Are you losing your vi-
tality? Do you feel yourself growing aged* before your time? Are
you nervous, sleeoless. short of memory and lacking in spirit and
self-confidence? Do you know that you are not the man you would
like to be? : i ¦ . #
If so. I can cure you. What you lack is just what electricitv sup-
plies. .My Belt will cure vott. and i! you \vill come to me you will
soon be one of "DR, McLAUGHLIN'S MEN."
I believe that the best evidence is the %-ord of an honest man
who says "YOU CURED ME." . \ '
Mr. James P. Davis. 709 Devisadero street. San Francisco *,ivs-
"Twelve years ago I injured my back in an elevator accident, which in'
capacitated me from labor for over a year, after six months In bed Since
that time I have not been myself. My back troubled me and I wan weak
I doctored and doctored, without benefit. I heard of your belt and asked
my doctor about it. He told me It was no good. I thought I would tr»
it anyway, as the doctor could not he!p me. The effect was marvelous
After . wearing it for three months it cured my back, and now I f e «i a,
strong and capable as any man. young or old. I cannot prttise it too hl*h
ly. and will advise every man weak or in pain to use it and not to be nVr
suaded against it by any doctor." . s v
Come to me and let me cure you. Twenty years of my. life
have been devoted to mv trade, and I have made mv Belt oopular
with people who are tired of drugging. I cure while you sleeo It's
easy and pleasant. Mv Belt eives a current that is a elowinz
warmth. No burn or sting.
I have a nicely illustrated book which every man should read I
will send it closelv sealed, free, if you send this ad.
. Call if, you can.
Dr.M.C. McLaughlin, S2S »»"<«* st.
O ,, J AboT# Ellla. Ban Frmacieoo.
Office Hours — 8 a. m. to 8 p. m.; Sunday*, 10 to 1.
Whenever a sore or ulcer is -slow in healing then you may be sure
something is radically wroag with your blood. - Some old taint or poison
that has been slumbering: there for years, is beginning to assert itself,
and breaks out and becomes a bad ulcer and perhaps the beginning of
Cancer. These old sores are rooted in the blood, and while washes, soaps,
salves, etc., keep the surface clean, they are not healing. A blood
/*"^ /**"^ medicine to purify and strengthen the polluted blood
{^^1 r^^i n^S and a tonic to build up the general system is what
ji^V -C^^V J^^V * s P 6^^' an<^ S. S. S. is just such a remedy. No
fc*JJ poison, is so powerful and no germ so deadly
. ,~ - that this great vegetable blood remedy cannot reach
it, and ulcers of every kind quickly yield to its wonderful curative prop-
erties. If you have an oloV sore or ulcer, write us all about it; and medi-
cal advice or any information you may desire will be given by our physi*
ciaaswittxout charge. WE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA, GA.
After the age of 45 or 50, when the vital powers are naturally weaker,
it is noticed that a hurt of any kind heals slowly and often a very insignifi-
cant scratch or bruise . ,,
becomes a had ulcer- nr ¦ ¦ mal1 . P»mpl« came on my jaw, but *ave me no
DecomesaDaa Ulcer or pam or inconvenience, and I ahould have forsrot-
sore. At this time of ten about it had it not beeun to inflame and itch ; it
life Tvartv p-rotrth<; ? roi J ld f b l?* d a l ittle t then ¦ cab ovx, but would not
1 1 1 c wany growuis, heal. This continued for some time then the Cancer
moles and pimples that beg-an to eat and spread, until it was as large as a
have been on the bndv ? ai i dollar » wh «a x heard of S.' 8. 8. and determined
, e rf^ 11 u-il. v - y *° » i 7 e _* ifc , a falr trial i and Jt ls "m»rkable what a
almost from birth begin wonderful effect it had from the beginning ; the sore
to inflame and fester be * an , to h «^»»d after takin* a few bottles disap-
j i u t lester, peared entirely. Thii was two years aro ; there are
and before very long still no sisms of the Cancer, and myjreneral health
are lar°-e eating ulcers coatlna «» *°°d. Mrs. It. SHIKEB, Wyaconda, Mo.
ROOTED IN THE BLOOD.
6aNeER©DS H'LeBRS
ADVEETISEMENTS.Americus AVI11 Celebrate.
The members of San Francisco
Council of the Order of Americus will
meet this . evening - in their .- hall in the
Pioneer building: and in an informal
way celebrate the fifth anniversary, of
the foundation ¦ of the council. There
will be a programme of niusic, songs,
dances and addresses. . ~
Ignatian Council's Ball.
A committee of Isnatian Council
Xo. 15, Y. M. I.', has completed ar
rangements for the . grand ball the
council will eive in Native Sons" Hall
JanuarylS. Those . in charge' have
given, much attention to decorations
for the event and promise. to present
something that .will be original and
unique. .
Mrs. Loring's Will Admitted.
Judge Murasky made an order yes
terday denying the applications of
John Farnham, as Public Administra
tor;' and Johanna Reeder for letters
of administration upon the estate of
the late Emma K. Loring and ordered
the disputed ' will of the woman ad
mitted to probate. The contest of the
will of Mrs. L-oring was "then set .for
hearing on February 8." "?<#'
Xo Blood'ls Shed.
The Supreme Court yesterday took
under consideration the petition of
Irene Wadleigh for a writ of habeas
corpus in favor of her four children,
who are alleged to be wrongfully re
strained of their liberty by the So
ciety for. the Prevention of Cruelty to
Children. It was expected that there
might be .some- interesting develop
mentstin view of Attorney Philbrook's
vitriolic brief filed Thursday after
noon, but there was no serious clash
between him and the representatives
of the charitable society. The case
went over until this morning.
Complete sas ranges set up ready for
use, $11, at San Francisco Gas and Elec
tric Co., 415 Post st. •
San Diego Railroads Incorporated.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. .11.— Articles
of incorporatioR were filed to-day
with Secretary of State Curry for the
Bay . Shore Terminal Com
pany. The purpose of the company is
to construct and operate a railroad in
San Diego County from a point near
the "old town." thence southeasterly
near the shore of San Diego Bay for
a distance of; about five miles. The
capital stock is $50,000. divided into
500 shares at $100 each. The amount
already subscribed is $5300. The di
rectors are George W. Marston, U. S.
Grant. H. P. Wood, Charles N. Clark,
John E. Boal, L. L. Boone and F. S.
Jennings. V
"Pinafore" at Yountville Home.
YOUNTVILLE, J.an. 11. —A per
formance of "Pinafore" was given at
the Veterans' Home at Yountville
Saturday evening. The aspirants for
histrionic honors had been well drilled
by Mrs. Dennis Spencer* of Napa. M"rs.
Flora Harrington was a charming
Josephine, while Walter Wilson of
San Francisco played admirably the
part of Ralph Rackstraw. Buttercup
was well represented by Miss Myrtle
Dunn. Frank M. Silva played the
part of Dick Deadeye. C. C. Tread
way made a capital admiral, while
Miss Kate Daly was a pleasing Hebe.
The character of Captain Corcoran
was well played by J. F. Kelly.
tion That She Pay His Natural
Child $5000.
Secures Her Son's Estate on Condi-
By the terms of the compromise of
the battle over the estate of Alfred M.
Speck, the real estate dealer, filed yes
terday, Alfred Speck, his natural son,
will receive 55000 in cash and will be
cared for and educated until he is 21,
a period of fourteen years, by Sarah
Ann Speck, mother of the deceased, in
whose custody the boy has been for
many years.
In accordance with the compromise
the opposition of H. H. McCloskey, as
guardian of young Speck, to the dis
tribution to Mrs. Speck of the $20,000
estate of her son has been withdrawn.
He has also resigned from his post as
guardian and John A. Speck, brother
of the deceased, has been appointed in
his stead.
Jf OTHER OF ANDREW SPECK
CONSENTS TO COMPROMISE
Gamma l'ta Kappu Elects Officers.
LOS ANGELES. Jan. 11. — The
Gamma Eta Kappa Fraternity of the
United States of America, the largest
and oldest high school fraternity in
the country, held its twenty-second
annual convention here a few days
ago. The fraternity was founded in
San Francisco* on March 10, 18S2, by
R. H. Webster and six other San Fran
ciscans. The most important work of
the convention was the adoption of &
plan which forms the chapters into
districts. Portland was selected as the
meeting place for the convention ln
1905. About fifty-five members were
present, including delegates, and se
lected the following officers for the
new grand conclave: M. E. C. P.,
Ben R. Walker, Fresno; R. E. C. S.,
B. K. Wiley Jr.. J,'ew York; G. S..
Warren Manley, San Francisco; R. E.
O., R. C. Steeple, Seattle; G. R., Les
ter H. Hibbard, Los Angeles; E. C,
Henrie G. Hill. San Jose; G. T., Thom
as H. West, Portland; G. D., Bleeker
N. Leggett, Denver.
ANDREW CliUNIE WILLIXO
TO PAY WIDOW'S CLAIM
Objects. However, to Any Settlement
Thnt Is Not liitsed on the Per
centage Plan.
The efforts of the executors of the
will of the late Thomas J. Clunie to
compromise the claim of Florence
Clunle, the widow of the- politician,
have a.« yet produced no results. The
case came up for hearing yesterday in
the Probate Court and was continued
for the third time to enable the exec
utors to reach an agreement.
Andrew Clunle. one of the execu
tors, seems to be the stumbling-block
in the way of the compromise. He. is
perfectly willing 1 that - the widow
should get part of the residue of the
estate, but he does not want her share
taken out of . his half. He' will agree
to any amount the widow asks, but
with the understanding that he
should not be made to pay more than
his oro rata. the percemta^e to be
based on his interest in his brother's
estate.
LOGGING TRAIN CRUSHES
LIFE OUT OF REVELERS
Two Employes of a Lumber Company
at Fort Bragg Killed After a
Celebration.
UKIAH, Jan. 11. — Dave Morrow
and Tom Collins, employes of the
Union Lumber Company at Fort
Bragg, were run over and killed by
one of the logging trains last Thurs
day. Morrow and Collins had been in
town celebrating New Year's and. in
returning to camp started to walk up
the railroad track. Shortly afterward
two cars of logs were released to run
into the mill yards by. gravity. The
two men were caught under the
wheels. •
WASHINGTON, Jan. 11.— Bids for
the Philippine friar lands bonds were
opened at the State Department to-day.
The highest bid for the purchase of the
entire issue of $3,000,000 was from Har
vey Fiske & Sons, associated with
Fiske & Robinson, and the * National
City Bank of New York. Their figures
were: For all or none "of the bonds,
$107,577; or for any part of the
bonds, $105.57. There were eighty bid
ders in all, and much higher figures
were offered for smaller lots of the
bonds.
The greatest part of the proposals
were from individuals who offered to
take anywhere from $1000 to $50,000 of
the total loan. Some of the bids were
from the South and from New Eng
land, but none from west of Omaha.
The difficult task of scheduling the va
rious bids with a view to ascertaining
the best terms offered can be completed
and the result announced to-morrow,
it is expected.
The impression in the Insular Bureau
is that the Harvey FIske & Son bid of
$107,577 offers the best rate, considering
that the firm offers to take all the
bonds at that figure.
This figure undoubtedly is lower than
the bonds at first were expected to
bring. It was stated at the Insular
Bureau that the state of the money
market, a general downward tendency
in Government securities and, more
than anything else, certain limitations
placed on the availability of these Phil
ippine bonds in. connection with their
use by the banks which were not im
posed in preceding issues, prob
ably have acted to keep down the bids.
However, it' is said th£t the figure pro
posed was in excess of the estimate of
Wall street financiers.
Government May Accept Offer
of a New York Firm of
$107,577 for Complete Issue
FRIAR BONDS
AT LOW RATE
CARSON. Nev., Jan. 11.— The Su
preme Court of the* State of Nevada
to-day handed down a decision on the
eight-hour law, sustaining its legality.
The opinion is written separately by
the three Judges of the court. Judge
Fitzgerald and Judge Talbot sustain
ing the law, while Judge Belknap dis
sents. '
The law was passed during the Leg
islature of 1902. It provides that it shall
be unlawful for any party, company
or corporation to work men in mills,
mines or smelters for a period of more
than eight hours in twenty-four. The
law was attempted at the Legislature
of the session before, but was beaten
by a few votes. At the session of 1902
it passed almost unanimously.
Shortly after its passage an arrest
was made in Gold Hill, the object being
to test the constitutionality of the law.
In the lower court the law was declared
unconstitutional and was immediately
appealed to the Supreme Court .of the
State.
The case has been in the hands of the
Judges for over four months, and its
final decision meets the approval of the
unions that carried it to the higher
courU Attorneys on the other side state
that the law will now go to the Su
preme Court of the United States. They
intend to push the issue to the final
Judgment. »
United States Tribunal May
Be Asked to Pass Upon Vexed
Problem of Employment
COXTBOVEBSt NOT ENDED
come less in touch with our Western
life. /
Among those present were:
Rev. Moses Bercovitz. Dr. H. H. Dobbin.
Rev. J. W. Quay. Rev. J. J. Sltton, Rev.
James Woodworth. Rev. C. C. Hertott, Rev. H.
N. Bevier, Rev. George G. Eldredge, IJev. C.
R;' Callender. Rev. David James, Dr. W J.
TuH. Rev. "W. A. Martin, Rev. \V. H. Darden.
R. J. Trumbull and Rev. James S. McDonald.
PREPARE FOR CONVENTION.
The nfty-fourth annual convention of
the Protestant Episcopal church ln the
diocese of California will begin Tues
day morning, January '26, at Grace
Church, California and Stockton streets.
Arrangements are now being made for
the large gathering expected.
| The opening of the exercises will be
an imposing affair, when the clergymen
attending the convention will enter the
church in processional order and will
join in the celebration of holy commu
nion. The opening sermon will be
preached by the Rev. Mardon D. Wil
son, secretary of the convention.
Among the many important matters
that will be deliberated and transacted
will be the election of delegates to the
general- convention, which will meet In
Boston next October. !
There will also be arrangements for
the California representation at the
meeting of the conference of the Sev
enth Missionary District in Salt Lake
City in May. The' object of the con
ference is to bring together all mission
ary districts and dioceses of the Pacific
slope for conference in the matter of
church extension.
A meeting of the ministers of the
Christian church was held yesterday
afternon, when a paper entitled "The
Miracles of Jesus, and .What They
Mean to Us" was read by D. L. Filer.
Dr. W. M. White presided, and there
were also present -, Rev. E. W. Darst.
Rev. B. C. Macfarlane. Rev. James B.
S'ayers. Rev. W. B. Berry and Rev. S.
K. Wong.
It was announced yesterday that the
new W<>st Side Christian Church build
ing, a full description of which has ap
peared in The Call, will be dedicated on
Easter. The community has Invited the
Rev. J. H. O. Smith to come from Val
paraiso to deliver the dedicatory ad
dress.
Sorrow 'occasioned by the death of
Dr. J. N. Beard prevailed at the regu
lar weekly meeting of Methodist minls'
ters that took place at Epworth Hall
yesterday morning.
It had been the Intention of the min
isters to listen to a paper on "Ritualism
In the Methodist Church" by the Rev.
Mr. Oxnam, but owing to the loss of
their friend It was determined as on the
previous week to dispense with the reg
ular programme.
Almost every one of the big gathering
of divines arose and offered tender
tribute to the memory and -worth and
Christian manhood of the late Dr.
Beard. ;
The Rev. A. C. Bane, who was with
Dr. Beard at the time of his sudden
death in. St. Louis, told the assembled
ministers of the passing away of their
friend and colleague.
The Rev. Mr. Bane told them that at
5 o'clock oh Monday morning, January
4, he called Dr. Beard, who intended to
rise early. He found the doctor in pain
and dispatched a messenger for medi
cine.. Dr. Beard moved painfully from
side to side and then, turning upon his
pillow, seemed to collapse. Mr. Bane
hastened to his side and found >that life
was extinct.
A post-mortem examination showed
that death was due to valvular disease
of the heart.
Dr. E. P. Dennett presented the fol
lowing resolution, which was adopted:
EXPRESSION OF GRIEF.
The unexpected and. to our mortal eyes, un
timely passing of our beloved brother. Dr.
James N. Beard, has removed from our circle a
loyal brother *nd a Christian soldier whos« loss
we mourn with a grief to which words furnish
a mort Inadequate expression.
Just at the prim* of his success, in the midst
of magnificent activity and opportunity, he has
been taken from a work for which only he
seemed entirely adequate. We desire to place
on record expression of our esteem and affec
tion.
In the lucid clearness of his thinking and his
splendid mental-grasp, in the breadth of his in
tellectual hospitality and his practical power to
grapple with practical problems. Dr. Beard had
few equals.
The warmth of his heart, though concealed
under an • exterior calmness that made eome
think him COM, was ruch as to bind to him
with fetters of steel all who had learned to
know him. and to make them count his friond-
Khip among the choicest treasures of their
lives.
He was a true, great heart, ever bearing the
burdens of the burdened and ever ready, to the
full extent of his ability, yea, and beyond his
ability, to help all people and all causes worthy
of help.
The nobility of his character showed itself
in a hatred of shams and a candor and integri
ty that was exceptional in its quality and de
gree.
He had an even: handed sense of justice and
a .uniform courtesy to friend and enemy that
never failed even in mont trying times. While
always etrlct with himself, he was lenient in
his judgment of others.
DEVOTED SOUL TO CHURCH.
He devoted his whole soul to Christ and this
church. ,To them he gave the undivided energy
of his active yean and finally his life Itself.
He had ¦ settled faith and a religious fervor
that never left him though he faced the doubts
and sins of the age with a candid appreciation
of their depth and significance which is all too
uncommon.
Hi? skill as a revivalist, his influence with
the youth who were" under his !nstructlonj his
mental guidance of the younger ministry, his
record of pastoral and educational work, his
sagacity in the administration of church busi
ness and his manifest influential relations to
the work of the' church at large, and his coun
cil and advice ln all times have -left behind
htm a record of usefuliu'f s which will long re
main a monument to his memory in California
Methodism. - ... -.
We canr.rt forget and. we would not conceal
cur dismay and rrief. We remember with
prayerful sympathy his bereaved and smitten
family. But we thank God for the royal record
of his stainless soul. We rejoice in the legacy
his example and achievements have bequeathed
to the church.
SYMPATHY VOU FAMILY.
From his faithfulness even unto death we
take fresh hope for the church and an inspira
tion for fresh devotion to its purity and pros
perity.
To our sitter, Mrs. Beard, and hor daughters
we extend most fcincerely and deeply our heart
felt sympathy and prayers.
It was also resolved to transmit a
resolution of gratitude to the St. Louis
Methodist ministry and laymen for
their thoughtful kindness and services
following the death of Dr. Beard in
their city.
Among those who were present at the
meeting were:
Dr. H. V. Hcaccck. in the chair; Dr. F. D
Bovard. Dr. K. R. Dille. Dr. G. W. White,
Rev. John Stephens; Rev. F. M. Larkin, Ph. D. ;
Dr. E. P. Bennett. Rev. E. F. Brown Dr L
M. Hartley. Kev. C. E. Pettfs. Rev! F. A.
Keaet. Rev. C. K. Jennesn. Rev. H. J. Wfnsor
Rev. F. K. Baker, Rev. C. O. Oxnatn. Rev. B.
E. Pad<3ock, Dr. Thomas Fllben, Rev. G. • R.
Stanley. Dr. John Thompson, Rev. E. D Raley,
Dr. Gecrge Guth. Rev. O. E. Ilotle Rev E B
Winning. Rev. Clarence Reed. C. B. Perkins
W. M.., Bowen, Rev. H. W. Walz, Dr. M. C.
Harris and Rev. A. C. Bane.
CLERGYMAN'S. PLAIN .VIEWS.
At the Congregational ministers'
weekly meeting held in their headquar
ters in the Y. M. C. A. building yes
terday morning the Rev. J. H. Phillips
read a paper the subject of which was,
"Final State of the Unsaved."
The Rev. Mr. Phillips said he did not
believe in the everlasting torment of
the wicked, but he believed that the
wicked would be finally destroyed ac
cording to the teachings of the Scrip
ture. His reasons were — first, because
the doctrine of everlasting punishment
is utterly inconsistent with reason and
our best judgment: second, because /it
appears to be equally inconsistent with
the character of God. revealed in both
nature and' the sacred Scripture; third,
because the doctrine is not taught in
the Bible in anything like a clear, di
rect and prominent manner; fourth, bo
cause it seems that the Old Testament
when critically examined does not even
appear to teach the doctrine; fifth, be
cause those passages in the New Testa
ment which seem to teach it are ca
pable of other and more satisfactory
explanation.
There was a difference of opinion
shown by the body of ministers and
a strong criticism, it is predicted, may
be looked for. ,
The Presbyterian Union met yester
day morning at the Woman's Occiden
tal Board. Sacramento street, the Rev.
Moses Bercovitz, the president, in the
chair.
The Rev. C. R. Callender. a well
known missionary, read a paper on the
"Laos Mission Sociologically Consid
ered," in which he described-the.ami
able and peaceful lives of the Laos who
are under the Jurisdiction of r the Siam
ese, the British and the French. He
showed that their mode of life con
duced to old age and" that they, take
pleasure in family life a[nd' they con
sider a large family a blessing. Th^
Rev. Mr. Callender quoted statistics
from the - San Francisco' Call which
showed the fatalities in the United
States and compared these 'with the
freedom from such ' catastrophes in
Laos.— . ¦- . ¦
Life, he said, is not as safe there as
It was years ago, when the people had
Supreme Court of Nevada Sus
• tains Statute Limiting La
bor to Eight Hours a Dav
Methodists Adopt Resolutions of Sympathy
for Family of Late Dr. Beard and the
Congregationalists Hear a Plain Talk
JUDGES HOLD
LAW IS VALID
CLERGYMEN DELIBERATE
AT MONDAY GATHERINGS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 12, 1904.
11
ADVERTISEMENTS./". I
j j .... _~-~-
. _____________ ___* _' L-~ll^-Li U ,J^
/ • THE DISEASE |
'• OF CIVILIZATION IS
CONSTIPATION.
¦ . ¦ ¦¦ : ¦ ¦ ' • ' • i
THE SAFEST AND QUICKEST i
CURE FOR THIS EVIL IS j
NATURE'S LAXATIVE WATER.
NOT AN ARTIFICIAL
PREPA RATION.
RELIEF COMES WITH
THE 51 RST GLASS.
ALWAYS ASK FOR
tFULL NAME.)
J F Y O U SIMPLY ASK FOR
HUNYADI ' WATER YOU MAY
BE IMPOSED UPON.
V\ GOOD
. KNIVE
ONE
I puarantoe this knife. No other
kn:f> of e<jual value was *>ver of-
fered for this money. Comes in pearl
handle, with four blades, and pos-
t^pses the b*>5t steel ever C i OO
tempered. My jirice v»tUV
My cutlery is sill high prade and
comprises rach brands as Stiletto,
Wnsfnholms, Hcnckel's, Jordan's
ami others.
Mail orders rilled promptly.
THAT MAN PITTS
.F. W. FITTS).
The Stationer,
1008 MARKET STREET,
San Francisco.
THE BOARD OF
LONDON WINE MERCHANTS
HAS SELECTED
DRYMONOPOLE .
AS THE BEST
CHAMPAGNE IN THE
fCoal Reduction I
I American Cannel |
U Sold by All Reliable Dealers. J
BIENNIAL STATEMENT
The San Francisco
Savings Union -
AT SAft t "RAVCISCO, CAL.
Itth DECEMBER. 1303.
. SHOWlHa UNCLAIMED DEPOSITS.
In accordance with Charter CL.IV of an act
to 'icrrpel f-«tvini:s oanks to publish a sworn
KtStCSKflt of all unclaimed deposits (approved
March £3. liXSi\. the fcllowinK rtatement la
tub— litted from our books at close of business
en th» above date. viz. :
.Name and l^act Unown Residence or
i-'ostolftve Addrefc* — Amount,
liaxter. William li.. Humboldt Bar.
£ur*ka $434 23
Elckel. William. Ar.gcls Camp. Cal.. 450 73
Pa»-r*rer. Milllani. Columbia. Gal 15J» 29
JDunpty. 1Vill;a— i H.. San Francisco.. 207 W
i'rencn. James, t:\anyan St.. near
Grattan. San Francisco 61 30
GuElir-lmi-fttt. V<>spa£!ano. No. 709
t-torkirn St.. 6. F 69 28
KaclT. Mrs. Adelaide. Tr.. No. 107
Austin £1.. S. F 74 94
Uatrick. Mi« Mary. . No. «33 Bryant
St.. S. F Ci 23
Holt. Mrs. Anca. No. 200 Stockton
' St.. S. F 12 66
Kennedy. Wil'.Um. Alameda Co.. Cal. 313 29
.Little. Mrs. Sara C. Seaside. Cal 76 40
McVhfrscE, J<-hn R.. New Washington
Hotrl. K. F 129 38
O'ConiiOT. Mirs Rose n.. International
Ho«el. P. F 158 72
Fan »ons. *"harl'« G.. Honolulu. H. T. 2.323 04
EpiUer. Mr*. Annie IS.. No. 32 Sixth
etrret. S. F.'. 180 42
fpjetxm. Joseph. No. 1€2 Perry St..
. V 191 83
STATE OF CALrFORNIA.
City and County of San Francisco — «*.
_o solemnly swear that I have a personal
kaowl^dye of the rr._tters contained in th«
foregoing sUtenwct and that every allegation,
staieraen*. matter and thing therein contained
i« t— ie to th<» be«t of my knowlei3s;e and belief.
LOVELL WHITE. Cashier and Secretary.
Subwribed and ewcrn to before — >• this
I4*h day cf December. 1903.
HAMILTON A. BAUER,
JCotary Public ln «nd for the City and County
cf Ear. Francisco. State cf California.
_^^\ Every Woman
__ v .V^^\V>Vl_k U interested »ndahonldknow^
«^f*.^i>i__\>i\
\/ M4RML Whirling Spray
k« .^* :j *sil TtfrsewT»fiisl87ri--. /^e-
ST*V C^S "4>*_ ett-Mo«t Convenient.
— — __^^^^& t '"-^;'>_l ttO««»«I»»u«tlj.
% rt t— ir en— n »r a. \>. ftijl'm ¦ ¦¦ .¦ ». .. *!~ ' pS^~~
JIAB* El., accept BO \_ •^jfec-"
4rt_er. bnt #m . euunplprll* Yi» M 'imif ¦
la»trate4bo<.k-<»»ied.Hr^e» t'"h I jM
full partir-^lari and <l;rertlcni la- **}'•/,. M
Times Bdg.. New Tork.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
tatalofi-ue and Price Lists Mallei
on Application.
rnrsH and salt* meats.
JAS. BOYES & CO. *g8%£ u^_"ir^
OILS.
X-CBRICATTNO OrLS- LEXJNARD A ELLIS.
418 Front «t.. S. V. Phone Main. 1719.
fhihtujo.
F f RTIfiFFQ printer.
CC~AN IBAVEC,
SEtea— i— — l»av» Saa Fran-
Cisco as follows:
For Ketchikan. Wrwitl.
Juneau. Halnes. Ekaruar.
«te..' Alaska— 11 a. in.. Jan.
2. 6. 11. 16. 21. 28. 31. F«b-
5. Char.ce to company*
ttra-tn at Seattle.
For Victoria. Vancouver.
Port Tt>wn*epd. Seattle. Ta-
*coma. Everett, "hatccin— 11 a. m.. Jan. 2. 8.
11. 1«. 21. 2tt. 31. Feb. 5. Chang* at Seattl*
to thin company* itea.-ners tor Alaska and
G. N. Ry.; at Seattle or Tacoraa to W. Y. «y..
at Vancouver to C. P. Ry. . ,_,
For Eureka «Humbo!<lt Bay>— Pomona. l:->a
p. m.. Jan. 5. 11. 17. 2X 29. Feb. 4; Coroo*.
1 :3O p. m.. Jaa. 2. 8. 14. CO. 2«. Feb. 1.
For Lc« Argeles (vU Port Los Anseleji and
Redondo). Pan Dtero and Saot* Bar&a— —
Eanta Rosa. Sundays. » a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. S a. m.
For Los Angeles (vta Ban Pedro and Ea*t
Fan Pedro), fianta Barbara, Santa Cru i. »"">-
terey. San Slaieon. Cayucos. Port Hartord i»aa
Lul» Oblspo). Ventura and Huenemt.
Coos Bay. 0 a. id.. Jan. 4. 12. 20. 2S. F«b. S.
Eonita. 9 a. ra.. Jan. K. 16. 2t. Feb. 1.
For Ensenada. Mardfc'ena Bay. San Jo«e del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Alt-tl. La, Fax. Santa R^-
i calta. Guay-ias (Her). 10 a. ra.. Tth of each
i njonth.
For farther Informatton obtain folaer.
P.txht u rfs*r\«l xo cl-.ar..-* steara ier» or aall-
ir.K dates.
TICKET OJi'TlCJiS — 4 New Montgom-
ery ftrect (Pa'.aco Hctcl). 10 Market street and
Broadway wharves.
Freteht ofC— 10 Market rtreet.
C. D. Dt'NANX. General Pa.-^ncer A«eot.
10 Market «reet. San Francleco.
AMUBJCABT JJ2TE.
Plymoutli — Cnerl>our- — South ampton-
Froir. New Tork Saturdays at 0:JO a. m.
St. Louis Jan. 9"St. Taul Jan. S3
New York Jan. 16 Philadelphia . . -Jan. 20
ATLA5TI0 — SAHBPOBiT XJ~C.
- "> Kew Tork — Iioadon Direct.
Me*aba...Jan. 9. 9 amIMtnTka.Jan. Zl. 9 am
M"n < mtne«.Jan. lfl.9 am'Mrq'ette.Jan. 30. 9 am
Only First-Cl3«M Passengers Carried.
SOMIZTIOSr U2TE.
Portland — Liverpool — Short sea passage.
Dominion Jan. 2.".iT>om:'n!on Feb. 27
Canada Feb. 6;Canada ..^ Mar. 12
HOI.I.AN33-AIISI1ICA LIITE.
New Twin-Screw Stea.— ier» of 12.500 Tor.s.
XTe— Tork — Rotterdam, Via Bonlorne.
Sallms Tue*dav at 10 a. m.
Ptatendam ....Jan. 11> RnttertJam F«b. 2
tAnisterdam ...Jan. 2ei*Sloterdyk Feb. 18
RES STAR I.I2TE.
* Hew Tork — Antwerp— Paris.
VadrH'Jan. !>. 1O:.1O am|Z<*?!d.Jan. 30. 10:3O am
Krnld.Jan. 23. 10:00 am Finlnd .Feb. 6. 1O:3'> am
WHTTE STAB LIKE.
New Tork — Q-eeast3-rn — Liverpool.
S^illn? iVerlr.esdays.
r«!tlc Jan. Vt, " pm.?4ajestic.Feb. 3. 1«V am
Teutonic. Jbti. 20. I'J am Oceanic. F»b. 10. 1 pra
-cdrlc. . Jan. 27. noon. Celtic. . . .Feb. 17. Sam
Boston — Q-eensto— i — UverpooL
Cymric J;m. 21,. Feb. 13. March 17
Cretlc Fob. 4. March ?.. March 31
bostost a~:srrs~;BAHBA~f sz:avxc~
Asores, Gibraltar. ZTaples. Genoa.
ROMANIC Jar. 10. Feb. 27. Apr. »
CANOPIC Jan. 3». Mar. 12
RF.PUFLIC (new) Feb. 13. Mar. 2«
JSteeratre only. •FrelRht only.
C. l>. TAYLOIt. Pasaenrer Agont Paciflc Coaft.
21 Post at., fan Francisco.
I _tp>t£_r?S. OAPSeiLLES.* CtSQA^y £
IL^fMAfq&S & ALEXANDRIA. ZXJTPjTp^
ROMANIC Jan. IB. Feb-. 27. Apt 9
CANOPIC * Jan. c«>. Mar. 12
REPUBLIC (new) Feb. 13. Mar. 20
(Send for rates and illustrated h-.-cklet. i
These steamers are the lar~ sst ln the
Mediterranean service.
First class. $65 upward.
Boston to Liverpool q_«_-£o--
CTMRIC Jan. 21. Feb. IS. Mar. 17
CRET1C... Feb. 4. Mar. X Mar. 31
¦ Fir— t class. $CO aad ««J3 up— ard. a<-coiM-
lnir to steamer. For plans, etc.. address
• ~H1TE STAR LINE. 77-St Stat* *t-.
Boston, or to C. D. TAYLOR. .1 Post st.
O- I?. & N. CO.
sall» Jan. 19. 28. Feb. 7. 17. 27.
March 9 and 10. Gect— W. Eld" sails Jan.
13. 23 Feb 2. 12. 22. March ! and II. Only
steamship lir.o to POP.TLAND. OR., and short
rail lln« from Portland to all points East.
Through tickets to- all points, all rat! er steam-
ship and rail, at LOWEST R ES. Steamer
tickets Include berth and meals. Steamer »a;)3
i foot of Spear st. at 11 a. m. 8. F. BOOTH.
I Gen. Ast. Pass. I>ept.. ' 1 Montgomery »t-: C.
I CLIFFORD, G«n. Agt. Freight Dept.. 3 Mont-
I Boraery st. '
j TOYO KISEN KAISHI
IORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.>
Eteaners will leave wnarf. corner Fln< «a«
Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.. for YOKOHAMA
and Hongkong, calllr.e at Kob* (Hloj^>), N'aj«-
¦aki.aad Ehar-Kbai. and connecting at Hoag-
konr with uttarners for India, etc. Nj'carja
received on board on dny of rail ins.
S. 3. AMERICA MARU
Monday. January 1304
S. S. HONGKONG MARU
Wednesday. February 17. 1304
S. S. NIPPON* MJVRU v
.; :.. Tuesday, March 13. 1001
' Via Honolulu. Roand-tiip t^kets at redur»<l
rates. For freight ar.d pa«*a<ce apply at Cca i-
pany'a offlce. 421 Market street, corner First.
• 4 W. H. AVERT. General A<n-t
C0aFAQ5T3 0Z553ALS TS^^SJ.— ANTI37i
DIRECT .LINE TO HAVRE- PAP.I3. ._»m
6ailir.5 every TburiJay instead of fjKT Kg>
Saturday, at 10 a. ra.. fnm.Pier 42. "~*fr
North UtT«r. foot of Morton street.
First class to Havre. 470 and upward. 9'c.
" end elasa to Havre. $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 B— > adway (Hudson Building).
New York. J. F. FCOAZI & CO.. Pael3c Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenae. San Franc.*:*,
Tickets sola by ait Railroad Ticket A sent*.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
h.\ . \5_S§3^i?/ AIT K
AD VEBTISEMENTS.
Healthy...
Happy Women
MADE SO BY
ELECTRO-CHEMISTRY
bHBBE^'^_B_E^^_^^_^P > '^.":': .¦ . " .X .*" ¦¦','¦ <..:V^
JS-lW^y >'?_ji#a. •¦¦:¦ _.- ¦¦ _•*., ::.V,..:: •: T-- :*v,: ¦-. t2_|
EPRA_F^__TO&_-___f i *_£¦'*' * * ' ¦" ¦ ¦¦ -: ¦-¦ " "¦-.;'¦' "> ¦____¦¦
ip^y35a^c^^^?r_r_i^_5_r^nS_pS^?fj_Mir *¥4f • + w^V> *^LS
MISS rLOEA VOZT.
PACIFIC GROVE, CALIFORNIA.
Cured of Deafness. Catarrh and Ringing
Ears by Electro-Chemistry.
MRS. WILLIAM BARNES. Blacks. Cal..
cured of Cancer of the Breast by
. Electro-Chemistry.
MRS. JULIA A. MITCHELT*. '958 Fifth
St., Oakland,- Cal.. cured of severe
Liver. Kidney, Stomach and Bowel
Trouble by Electro-Chemistry.
MISS ALICE WILSON. 329 Second ave,,
San Francisco, cured of Deafness,
; Catarrh and Running Ears by Elec-
tro-Chemistry.
MRS, MARY RIVEST. 522 Forty-fourth
st.. Oakland. Cal.. cured of Rheuma-
tism and Complications by Electro-
Chemistry.
MRS. MARY RICHARDS. 213 Shotwell
St.. San Francisco, cured of Rheuma-
tism. Stiff and Swollen Joints by
Electro-Chemistry.
CONSULTATION ~~7^ r\ H n
A\D' H i-_* H I-*
EXAMINATION * »V M 1-rf
Specialties — Consumption, Catarrh.
Bronchitis. Asthma. Cancers, Tumor*.
Deafness, Head and Ear Noises, Rheu-
matism. Paralysis. Neuralgia, Files,
Diseases of tbe Stomach, Liver. Sid-
neys and Bowels, Special Diseases of
Men and Women, All Chronic Diseases.
HOME TREATMENT — If you live at
a distance; try to come for a personal
examination. If you can't come, write
for instructions for home examination
and treatment.
ELECTRO-CHEJIIC INSTITUTE,
118 GBAIfT AVE.. Cor. Post.
SA2T FBAHCISCO.
Office hours— 0 a. m. to 6 p. m. ar.i 7 to 8
p. m. daily. Sundays, 10 a. m. to 1 p. ra. "
Separate apartments for 'ladles and gentlemen.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
1^?^ 1 M For Infants and Children.
Kind You Have
Ln,t,iiti:it .•-t*.«MJt«_-HHrt"Mi**i: *"«tti - u*^»« ! ¦*•>¦.»• .•»•«»,«!« ;.*»-». p/ M I w W tl t| __1 1 3 1 1 1.1 C__ II]
AN^gctablePreparationforAs- m . f • m
similating the Food andRcguIa- *® s a. :; a
UngthcStomadsanlBowelsor || LJ16 f 1
Promotes Digeslion.CheerPur- |g ¦ jf -/ fiJV
ness and Rest.Contains neilher M n r JrL M &ff •
C)pium3forphine nor^Iiiieral. m 01 Jj fi\ \_L#
Not Narcotic. M _ll\ii i _¥
yaavr a/ OU ArSAMUELrtTCHER _^ ¦ \/\^
* i bL/T8 m
R-kttUSmt*- , -"a . «fSkl 9 a_
«_______)¦ i/h j* sup
A perfect Rpmedy for Conslipa- 9 I « fy UOD
Fion, Sour Stomach, Diarrhoea M I «A/
Worms .Concisions ,Fc\-erish- SI If C#_m f\\ir\v
ness and Loss of Sleep. i| \J* f 0 1 U V U I
TacSimils St^nnture oF • ! g
&&f?fzt^ | Thirtu Yoarc
ADVERTISEMENTS.
On Every Hand
Our laundry work is admired for its
beauty, cleanliness and finish.
Costs no more either than the ordi-
nary, but it adds materially to the use-
fulness of your linen through giving it
longer . life.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY,
orncs 1004 mas~bt eteext, \
Near Powell.
Phoaa South 430.
J3_iJ_;R8
Guaranteed Pure. '
None So Qqq$.
Sold EVtrgVhefBs,
UlLBEHT MKKCANTILK CO..
Pacific Ccast Acer.ts. H
- '-¦tUB'U.,. _.._ J J.I«<ll ||lll "" lll '"M_.lI l
Q visit DR. JORDAN'S gbeat d
kUSEUM OF AHATOHYf
\ C. Tbe L<>(«t Aoat : Oiica! Museum in tbe _
Q j—ealt^* We* id. Wnktton or mjt conmcted A
_ ySsSSj daci.« M»"l«»'7»«f«(hyiiecl<ltit_
O /1_S I i> P ec: » i i« l > 0 lDe Cent. EstjSytirv O
A n»£?& DR. JORDAN-D'SEASES CF MEH (J
_ FS»J©H Con«u!uuon free *ad strictly prirate. \
ff I Jfrl £ H Tremiment p*TSor*Ky or by irtter. A 6
y B ff \| W P*Mtt* Cwrt ia erery case noderuices. T
AS// II n n'ti>( f«r Book. PKILOKOPIIT *f i
? " H t H43RMCK. MAILSD PUSS. ( A. V
A O li nlntlle bcok for m »>>) ' A
v on. Jor.Di.N * CO.. icsi Ktrfcrt st.8. F. V
CUTLERY
EVERYBLADEMRRAhfTED '
Sj&g$&$&B MENAHDWOWEH.
Uto Big Gforuanaturai
JKftjjr U 1 1* » ««rv\3 di»ch»rge»,lnfl»mm»tion».
EBSS Ouruinl _ Irritation* or ulr»r»lton>
S»-»_f n»t i» «irtctor«. of mucon membranes.
tr~nl r— ™u (hiuIm. PiinlMi, »n4 not wtrla-
ff_slTri£EUXSCHEMIUtCQ. ?«nt or poi«onon§. ..
fegH_ OI«1MUTl,t _^_| ** l <* b 7 Drunl'tM,
c. a. a: _pHr or Mnt ln P'* la w '«pp«*.
¦ffirarT-* -WVrW bT exprena. prepaid, for
7_Wa___gB_f9>VB »1.00. or 3 bottles »2.73.
¦* circuU.- M_t oa t»jcML
y^^^* Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
SJM jp*-*?.'" ls; »" i forttir> t.-patni^ut of I'rivate
J_ffl__J_, J*a D1->«-h^«. l^.^t Manliooil. .nebl!!tv(,r
BS___]B_&A<1N<_S" wearing on hodr an<l mlml ami
" DiKPcscs. Tlip Doctor ciir«-« win- n
__)___|___S__others fail. Try him. rlmjn low.
r^SHH^Sf't&l^'Mr** cnarnnlrrii. Callor write.
Dr.J. F. Uicnox, >au Franmco, Cat. t
OCEAN TBAVEL./ '
oceanicsixi>7ii_ai
S S.' SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney.' Thursday. Jan. 21 2 p. m.
S S. Al_\MEUA. for Honolulu. Jan. ZO. 11 a.m.
S". S. "MAR1PCSA. for "Tahiti. Feb. 11. 19O*.
U. irKCIEUi CS3.R- AgtJ.-,rcistCR&s,643 E_tna
fn^ttlSkLUI Gin_tSL.r2srlL 7.?a_T. JL
Mar* . Iiland -ad Vtllejo "?'My-tcn.
Stearcer CEX. FRISBIE or MOXTICEIAO—
9-45 a m.,-3:l» _nd S:SO p- n>.. except Sunday.
Sunday. 0:45 *. ra.. S:3O P- m. Leave Vallejo.
'?_.—_' 12:30 and « p. m. . ex. Sunday. Sun-
day 7 a. ra.. 4:15 p. m. Fare. 50 cents. TeL
Main 1508. Pltr 2, MUslon-it. deck. HATCH
BROS.' ;THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', TUESDAY. JANUARY 12, 1904
12
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE — Con.
C. E. HINKLEY. PHONE MINT 790. .
1020 Market st.. Opp. Fifth st.
Former patrons my best references.
Reliable dealing. Easy terms. Clear titles.
Country correspondence 1 promptly answered. ;
12 rooms; California st.: rent $50; a snap.$7&0
31 rooms; Fourth and Market; a gift.. .$1500
10 rooms; Geary st. ; clears $40; rent $2S..$500 .
24 rooms; l^eavcnworth St.: speculation. .$1,000 .
10 rooms; Bush st.; rent $37 50; only $450
32 rooms; Market St.; 5 years' lease $2500 .
16 rooms; boarding; offer wanted $000
17 rooms; rent $45; clears $60 $650
100 rooms; grand sunny corner $70<H)
40 rooms; Van Ness ave. ; worth $3000...$ISOO
0 "rooms; cheerful and homelike $175
IS rooms; 6 unfurnished; rent $45 $500
35 roomr?: transient; lease $1500
20 rooms; lease: electric lights 5C50
8 rooms: Post St.; rent $32; only... $250
SNAP — 0 rooms; nicely furnished; rent $40;
a gift at $175. HINKLE.Y, 1020 MARKET
OPPORTUNITY— 86 rooms; newly furnished
rooms; lease; will exchange for ranch or
business of any kind.
HINKLEY. 1020 MARKET.
FOR SALE: — A BOARDING-HO'JSE; MEDIUM
SIZE: ELEGANTLY FURNISHED: LOCA-
TION BEST IN THE CITY: LEASE:
OWJCER LEAVING TOWN. BOX 2856.
CALL OFFICE.
LODGING-HOUSE. 38 rooms, in a good loca-
tion on Powell St.. paying me a clear profit
of $120- per month: house full; reasonable
rent; look at this; I will sell low. as I must
leave the clty. t Box 2728. Call office.
WANTED— Lodging house of about 25 or .M>
rooms. Address, with particulars, box 2727,
Call offlce.
'-¦ SPIRITUALISM. '
REMOVED TO 310 ELLIS ST.
CASHMIRE, the Wizard of the Orient.
Spiritual Adviser Adept.
X— $1 THIS WEEK $1.
Wonderful, bewildering, is the work of
Cashmire, peer of all clairvoyants: her read-
Ings are a revelation: advice on love, mar-
miage, courtship, business, mines: reunites
the separated; elves secret power to control
any one in 21 days; removes evil influences:
develops mediums; locates hidden treasure;
give* names, dates, facts; readings by mail.
MRS. DR. MARTIN, wonderful spiritual heal-
er and business medium: mining a specialty;
advice I guarantee on all business proposi-
tions to be successful. My wonderful mag-
net will bring reconciliation and lasting peace
with the one you love; readings by mall most
satisfactory. $2; readings daily. $1; develop-
ing class Thursday. S p. m. 502 Eddy st.
PROF. Fred P. Evans, noted psychic for slate-
writing and clairvoyance; stamp for circular.
1112 Eddy st.. nr. Octavia; phone Scott 887.
W. Q. KEEGAN holds test seances every night
except Sat.; 1CT: sit.. 10 to 5. 143 Sixth st.
MME. YOUNG'S genuine spirit messages to-
night. 10c. G19 McAllister; readings daily.
MRS. LESTER, test and business medium;
circle to-night, 10c; readings dally. 142 Cth;
MRS.* EBliRHARDTS spiritual test meeting
to-night. 10c. 3250 22d St.; readings dally.
KATIE HEUSSM ANN'S circle Friday eve..
25c: sit. dally. 1000 Harrison; tel. Mint 097.
EDWARD EARLE. 10K2 Kills, readings dally.
9:30 to 4; neances Sunday and Thursday.
~~ CLAIRVOYANTS.
A — Call at Once and Save $2.
My Regular $3 Reading This Week for
$1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE.
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever in San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge If 1 fail to tell your name, oc-
cupation and what you called for; I promise to
tell you whether husband, wife of sweetheart is
true or false; tell you who and when you will
marry. In fact, I will tell you every hope, fear
or ambition better than you can tell yourself;
he restores lost aflections, reunites the separat-
ed, causes speedy and happy marriage; makes
you successful and prosperous; cures disease
and lost vitality: 10 a.m. to 8 p.m.; Sun., a to ti.
326 O'Farrell St.— 326.
MME. M. BERNARD, THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third St.. next Examiner
bldg. ; she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur In the future; if you are In trouble,
dif cut. tmted or not «-dUsned with life, or
havo domestic, love or business troubles, con-
sult this great medium and you will be told
how to overcome them: valuable advice in all
affairs of 'life;, 25c up; satisfaction guaran-
teed; readings by r*all. Tel. Black 45G9.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and-
palmist, permanently located at 1101 Market
st., cor. Turk; private readings dally, . 10 a.
m. to 5 p. m.; readings by mall as satisfac-
tory as in person; 3 questions answered. $1;
full life, $5; send lock of hair, date of year
of birth; don't send currency: send postoffice.
Wells-Fargo money order or registered letter.
MME. MARCELLA.Just returned from ex-
tended -tour, reads past, present and future
by ancient Egyptian egg method and Le Nor-
raand cards;- fee. $1. K»l." Lyon si., bet.
• Bush and Pine; phone Geary 2657. i___ .
MRS. "A; H. ' KRONENBERG. palmist, clair-
voyant, card reader; when others fall try me:
good reading 10c. 721 Franklin, nr. G. G. ave.
MRS. VIENA, wonderful trance medium and
card reader: three- questions answered free.
Room 1. 4U6 Geary st., near Mason. .
A — Mme. Ravenna rend? life, business advice',
names given; 2Dc up. 5 4th St., near Market.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader, re-
moved from 132 Uth to 23V4 6th; la. 2oc;s. 50c.
MISS ZEMDAR, ycung gifted clair. and palm.;
names; L 50c, G $1. 714 Franklin, nr.G.G.ave.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; la. 25c,
¦ gents 50c. "051 Mission sU. nr.'6th; open Sun.
MRS. "WTO AN,- clairvoyant card reader; names;
dates; 25e; satisfaction. -IOCS Harrison st. '
MME. MARSHAL", card reader; ladles. 25c;
gents. 50c. 545 Minna st.
OLDEST lady palmist und card reader In city.
¦2«Vi Kearny. room 20; ladles. 25e: gents. 50c.
MISS WARD, removed to 917- Market, rs. 11-12;
gives names, dates, facts." Hours 11 to 9 p.m.
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant card reader; sit-
tlr.gs dally. 44SVJ Jessie st., bet. 5th and 6th.
A BRANCH effleo of" The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions ha»
been opened .at IOCS Market St., opposite
Fifth. Open -until- 11 p. ro. ¦• ¦
COLLECTION " OFFICES.'
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made:
city or country PACIFIC ' COLLECTION
CO. 413 Montgomery, rooma- 0-10: '¦ tel. MM6. ,
CTJRES BtrpTTJBE.
WHO DOES IT? HUNTER, 1206 Market St.
¦ Send for circular. Why will you suffer?
lmKSSlUAKUUs AND MKAMSTUtO>>fc:S
Accordion,' sunburst .&- knife .plaiting;: double
stamps on dress linings.,. Stewart's . button »&
buttonhole factory.-.l 10 .Taylor: tel. Folsom 2121
MCDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School —
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. . 1019 Mkt.,
EMPLOYMENT WAS TED- -M AX,B.__
A FIRST-CLASS' baker wants a situation In <
the country; please state wages. Box «~o.
Call offlce. v * . . ' \ j
A FIRST-CLASS ebef wants position: £•£»«**
best references al hand. Box ZX1. Call offlce. ¦
BUTLER wlehes situation in good steady place;
Is steady and reliable. Box 493. Call office.
COACHMAN or useful man wants a job; best
references. T. B.. 441 Jessie st.
CHEMIST manufacturing extracts, syrups.
medicines, sauces. Inks and all grocers ana
confectioners' sundries* desires position: na*e
¦ had more than 13 years' experience. Address
box 207. Call. ' .
'AN old gentleman wants employment as night
watchman; can keep plain, books: Is good
at figures; transact business and other Hsni
iwork; city or country: the. best of refer-
' ences. Box 3087. Call offlce.
POSITION wanted— A reliable married man:
understands care- of horses, carriages and
harness and can milk; wife good cook and
laundress; references. S. P.. 77 Ninth st.
STRICTLY temperate reliable man wants em-
ployment as collector or light outside work:
salary moderate: will give bond If required.
Bex 894. Call office. Oakland.
RELIABLE coachman wishes a position; thor-
oughly understands care of horses, carriages
and harness; general man around place; good
reference. W. P.. 77 Ninth st. .
RESPECTABLE young man, sober and reliable,
wishes position -In first-class house to learn
bartending; city or country. Address E-. box
SCfS. Call.
A SOBER, Industrious man wants position In
business house, or to drive wagon; thor-
oughly acquainted with tho city. Address
box 3018. Call office.
YOUNG man dexires clerical position In San
Francisco wholesale -house: has had experi-
ence In offices of wholesale grocery houses;
references. Box 3059. Call.
MAN, aged 20. strong, wants work: stranger to
city; moderate wages to start with; good ref-
erencts. Address box 277. Call.
YOUNG man (German) wants position in coun-
try; can keep books or can make himself use-
ful behind the bar. Box 279. Call.
AN up-to-date furnishing goods man wants
position in city or country; can furnish best
of reference. Box 283. Call offlce.
WANTED — A steady place on ranch by strong
boy. 16; can milk: willing to work; state
wages. Address S. A. COREY. 33 Shipley st.
PAINTER, paperhanger and tlnter wants
work; very cheap. WILLIAM HAPP. 431
Fultoa St.; tel.' Page 1421. .
BRIGHT young mam of good address; high
school graduate. Apply box 275. Call ofnee.
WANTED^-Posltlon as tinner and pipe fitter;
counu»y lown. Box 278, Call.
BOY wants work. Box 1460 Call office.
ENGINEER and electrician desires position;
extensive experience. M. E.. 801 Powell at.
CARPENTER wants work direct from owner:
$3 day or contract. Box 272. Call.
JAPANESE: a very honest house boy: his
work guaranteed to be first class: wages
$4 50 or $5 a week. Call or address 2505 Mls-
sion st.: tel. Church 3Xt.
JAPANESE neat young schoolboy desires po-
sition In private family; tan sneak and
write good English. NISHIO. 1527 Pine st.
JAPANESE schoolboy wishes a situation as
waiter after school; speaks English. FRANK
S.. 721 Halzht st.; tel. Fell 7031.
ALWAYS the best— We are enlarging our
quarters 50 per cent; other schools are mov-
ing farther out to secure cheap rent: our lo-
cation is central, among the business houses,
giving advantages In securing positions, also
convenient car service: experienced business
, men as teachers; actual business bookkeep-
ing; Gregg shorthand (used In half the
schools In America): typewriter at home
free. SAN FRANCISCO BUSINESS COL-
LEGE. 1238 Market st.
AYRES. the leading business college. 723 Mar-
ket St.: established IS years; life scholar-
ship. $50; bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typ-
ing. * arithmetic, spelling, etc.; positions se-
cured; the college refurnished with new
typewriters and furniture Jan. 1. Catalogue
free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS -COLLEGE. 24 POST. S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy English branches; Cay
and night sessions; Illustrated catalogue free.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 305 Larkln st.
"A thorough school": positions secured for
graduates: modern methods: Individual In-
struction.* Write for Illustrated catalogue.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the university, law and medical colleges;
ref.. Preeldent Jordan or any Stanford profes.
sor':' day and evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
HINMAN'S Academy; a thorough school of
dancing: established 20 years. 1412 Polk «t..
between Pine and California: both adult and
children's classes arc now open for the season.
ADVANCED French classes Monday. Wednes-
day. Friday. 11 o'clock: elementary course
will begin January 15 at 10 o'clock; $2 month;
simplest method. 42S Sutter st. _^
HEALD'S School of Mines & Electricity! 24 Post
St.. S. F. : a practical school of engineering:
complete equipment. .Special catalogue free.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec, mln.. mech.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, ev. ; est. 1S64. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall
ST! JOSEPH'S ACADEMY. Peralta Park.
Berkeley boarding school for boys under 15-
BRO. OENEBERN. Director.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday. Sun-
day evgs.. Teutonia Hall. Howard st.. near
8th. ¦ Prof. Foster; society dancing taught.
SPANISH.French.etc.Prof.DeFilippe'sAcademy
of language.320 Post;estab'd 1871: ablest profs.
SPANISH; quick method; dally lessons: $1 a
week; 4 »o 0 p.-m.' Room 42,- Parrott bldg.
BANJO, mandoiln. guitar thoroughly taught;Iat-
cst methods. J. H. MANSFIELD. 462 Geary st.
PIANO lessons. '25c half hour. MRS. PECK.
experienced teacher. 1013 Mission, nr. Sixth.
' SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION '..Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine st Night class.
. ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar. writing,
etc. ; day or eve. : $5 mo. 1024 Mission. nr.6th.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The. Weekty Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
gACIAr. MASSAGE.
A — WRINKLES removed: fine complexion guar-
anteed; new method; 50c. M. LUTON. mani-
curing parlors, 764 Larkln St.: phone Polk 17.
FEATHER ' "ENOVAT^XG.
BY new. healthful process. Cal. Steam Frathtr"
Co.. 325 Van Ness ave.: tel. Howard 3167.
¦»"." FLATS TO *t,ET. . - '
; A — HOUSES and flats to let: an Immense list:
i service absolutely free: j take advantage of
this department; it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. -W-253 Gear?
»t., on the square.
ALL of the most desirable fiats and houses art
listed In our renting department: let us glra-
you a list and help you find one In the loca-
tion you want. STERLING FURNITURE
COMPANY. AO.JO Market St.; services abso-
lutely free.
» MCALLISTER, 331— Unfurnished parlor floor 4
1 rooms, bath; adults; call before 3; $26.
NEW sunny lower flat, 7 rooms -and batn.
. C 3530 Sacramento St.: rent $35.
. VAN NESS. 807 — 7-room flat, nicely furnish-
ed, to rent; reasonable: no children. '
. $7 — LOWER flat and large yard.- 726VJ Har-
f - rlson st... between Third and Fourth.
1 FLATS TO LET— -FURNISHED.
• HANDSOMELY furnished upper flat; sun every
room. G. G. Park Panhandle. Box 3065. Call.
• BUSH. 20&4 — Elesantly furn. 7-rm. flat: bath,
" piano. Call any evening bet. 7 and 8:. $40.
DIAMOND. S19— Flat of 3 furnished rooms
• hot and cold water, $15.
t — —^ —
; FURNITURE FOR SALE.
' FURNITURE for «ale at 1411 Van Ness ave.
» , nut; magnificently furnished house, com-
plete; carpets, pictures, draperies, furniture
an.* all other - furnishings; good tenant can
have lease.
i, . _
J FURNITURE for sale In a fine 6-room flat on
" Valencia st.. at a reasonable figure. Apply
» to DOYLE-PRY AL CO.. 479 Valencia st.
- FURNITURE of 4 rooms for sale cheap. After-
:: noons ".IS Minna st.-"
d ¦ i
>; -;;•, H1RMTURE WANTED.
'- A— Highest price paid for fur..carpets.etc. Mrs
T. B. Selby, Equitable Fur. Co.. 812 Larkln!
HIGHEST price's for furniture and mdae. L. H.
- BURP. auctloneer,181SMkt. : tel.Howard 275H.
- A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Red 4462.
buys, rents, repairs, pack* furniture, carpeU.
AIR now universally used In cleaning carpets
en' floor, without removal; price moderate.
S. F. Compressed Air Cleaning Co.. Call
buildinc. Phona.Maln B237. ,
WHEN you become dl&gusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 355-357 .Tehama st. ; tel. South 40.
TRY Hopke Bros.; carpet beating: mattresues
made over. 1432 Howard: tel. South 218.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1800 Har-
rison st.: Al cleaning: 3c; tel. Mission 221.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM k. CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH £ CO., carpet-beating works ;pricea
reasonable. 1703 Harrison St.: tel. Mission 263.
CON KLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works,
333 Golden Gate ave.: telephone East 126.
DE.NTISTS. ¦
mT^R~uii3r^M>4^5-F^a!la^
and McAllister sts.. uses the Basford Obtun.
der; the only device ever invented for grind-
Ing, drilling and excavating teeth without
pain. For demonstration call at (tflce.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market.nr.Eleventh
— No charge tor extracting when plates are
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting 60c: gas given.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone— cannot break;
¦wcrtanted 20 yrs.; crown. $3 50; fillings. 50c;
plates, $5; full set: all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny. cor. Bush —
Set teeth $1 60 up; crowns $2 t>p: fillings 25c
GOLD fillings. 75c; silver, 35c; crowns. $2; no
pain; open Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hewltt.2C4 Sutter.
A ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon dentist.
room 14. Phelan building. San Francisco.
EMPLO YMEXT^OFFICES^
G^^u7^1p~aTpiNE'jAPANESE EMPLOY-
MENT OFFICE and Housecleanlns Co.. 1333
Pine, nr. Jap. M. E. Church; phone Polk 3666.
GEORGE AOKI, 421 Post st.: tel. Bush IS3 —
Japanese-Chinese employment offlce: fur-
nishes best help; contracts for farm help, etc.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Offlce— Japaneae-
Chlnese help. 426 Powell. Tel. Main 5782.
A— GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office. 413
Stockton; tel. Grant 163: expert.. reliable help.
SWEDISH and German Female Employment
Offlce. 115 Franklin St.; phone Folsom 2356.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Slain 5188.
CHINESE an* Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 11>97. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Cla/.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
A GREEN girl wishes place to assist; $15.
MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
A SWEDISH houseglrl. good cook; best refer-
ences; $.;i\ MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
A GERMAN second girl: good waitress and
seamstress; refs. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter.
STRONG, willing American woman wants work
by the day; $1 25 day; carfare; carpet clean-
ing and laundry work specialties: absolutely
reliable. MRS. WILSON. 174 Fourth St..
room 10. first, flight.
YOUNG lady, thoroughly competent and experi-
enced stenographer and typewriter, accus-
tomed to law. Insurance and bank work, de-
sires position In or out of city; highest refer-
ences. Box 314, Call office. ¦ ;'-;¦;'
EASTERN woman, elderly, capable, neat
housekeeper, . kind to children, good plain
cook and laundress, with best of references,
wishes position; wages $10 to $12. Box ulS.
Call offlce. i_
YOUNG French girl wants position in private
family; will teach children French, wait on
table or be chamber maid; can do embroidery
work. l«04 Point Lobos ave.
YOUNG lady wishes a position as cook and
general housework; $0t) per month. Call at
243 Ritch st. ¦;.¦.:-,.-
FIRST-CLASS colored laundress wants ladles''
and children's washing to do at home; mod-
erate charges. Call 319*3 O'Farrell st.
ELDERLY lady wishes employment at plain
sewing and mending: no objection to short
distance from city. Box 290, Call office.
DRESSMAKING In families by an experienced
dressmaker in the late designs; $1 35 per
day. Box 33:1, Call ctflce.
YOUNG woman wishes work by day, washing.
Ironing or houteclcanlng; $1 50. 1 Mission
court.
SITUATION wanted by a competent Canadian
woman In a small American family; good
. cook. . Call 123ft Market st. V.
LADY and son wish position manage rooming-
hous«?: experienced. Phone. Page 2241.. ¦
DRESSMAKER wishes a few more engaee-
ment> by the day; evening, ball, tailor-made,
wedding and embroidered gowns a specialty;
references given; prefer to take work home;
$4 50 per day. 713 Post st. Phone Larkin
' 2t37. .
DRESSMAKER, coat and suit maker, cutter
and fitter; only first-class work done: In pri-
vate families; few more ' engagements per
day or week: garments made at home. .£. 0.
*.°BAK£S, 64 Webster st.
WANTED by middle-aged" lady "a position as
f-eamstress; no objection to a child; can
Epeak German and English; wages $25. Call
or address IX? Hyde St.. room 1O.
WANTED— In small family, by a. person who
Is good plain cook; understands making good
bread and pastry; wages reasonable. Call at
810 California, ht., Mat A.
COMPETENT Swiss' girl. Just arrived, wishes
a-poeKlon for general housework. Call or ad-
dress on Monday or Tuesday C. L., 3025 Sev-
enteenth, St., near Castro.. . ¦
A HOUSEKEEPER wants situation to elderly
couple or Invalid; willing to go south; respect-
abl«. and highest references. Address - box
3005. Call office. ,
AMERICAN woman wishe3 housekeeper's posi-
tion or cook on ranch: neat and * reliable.
. MRS.' FAIRBANKS. Cotatl. Sonoma County.
WOMAN wants to do. general housework. 410
'-1 Harrison st. • . , v •
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch Offlce, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
WANT ' ads and subscriptions ' taken for Th»
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. : <>33 McAllister at.
EMPLO VMEXT WANTED— MALE. '
CHEMIST . manufacturing extracts, syrups,
medicines, sauces, inks and all grocers' and
confectioners' sundries, desires position; have
,had more than 13 years' ¦ experience. Address
: box 11)7. ' Call offlce. ;
I UNDERSTAND bookkeeping and typewriting:
also general .office work: am confpetent and
reliable;! desire a' permanent' office position.
. Box '5tC.; Call office. ,
GARDENER .and man about place, best of ref-"
., erences.': English, wishes situation. See J. F.
¦ CROSETT & . CO., 628 Sacramento st. , .
FLORIST ;and. ! ' gardener "wishes situation tin
¦-.i store, , nurserjc or private place; cjty or coun-
..-. try. I3ox 338/ Call, . ...
LODGING HOUSES *"OR- SALE— Con. •
A. CAMERON & CO.. Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy Et., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for rooming-houses,, hotels and
all kinds of business chances.
- . . v
220 rooms; grand new modern apartment
house; elegantly furnished: swell location:
clearing $400 to $600 per month; golden op-
portunity. "\5O":
15 rooms; Van Ness; oak and mahogany
furniture; a bargain if taken at once.
SS rooms; bonton location: elegant -build-
Ing; luxuriously furnished; all modern con-
veniences; grand entrance and halls; strictly
up to date; called East by sickness.
12 rooms; Post; oak furniture; Brussels
carpets; clears $30: $300 cash, balance on In-
stallments; price $800.
5!) rooms: new and elegant building: fur-
nished beautifully and up to date; hot and
cold water every room; $1000 cash necessary.
30 rooms; rent $95; fine location; all on 2
floors; 3 years' lease; clears $100, full; $2000.
125 rooms; first-claes downtown house; 5-
year lease; cheap rent; private baths; doing
fine commercial business: reduced; see this.
47 rooms; rent $125; good lease; fine loca-
tion; some apartments always full; clears $200.
116 rooms; new. elegantly appointed apart-'
ment house; one of the swellest in city; clear-
Ing $500 to $600 month; splendid opportunity.
7-room new modern flat; $450 cash, bal-
ance on installments; income $45; price $550.
24' rooms; rent $110; newly furnished; fine
neighborhood; close In; always full.
162 rooms: most elegantly appointed apart-
ment house In San Francisco; beautiful mod-
ern building; fine entrance; cheap rent; clear,
ins $400 per month; 5-year lease; part cash;
baiance 8 per cent per year.
8 rooms; golden oak fur.: Moquet carpets,
oil paintings; must leave city; make offer.
50 rooms; rent only $200; downtown house;
always full; clearing $200 to $300 per mo.;
newly renovated and In fine condition. s,
20 rooms; rent $75; 2 years' lease; good
permanent and transient house; price $1200.
44 rooms; rent only $125; 6 years' lease;
running water: everything In good condi-
tion: clears $125 to $150 per mo.; price $2S00.
19 rooms; corner: rent $05; oak furniture;
good carpets, hair mattresses; part cash, bal-
ance on time..
6 rooms; rent $45; oak fur.; Moquet car-
pets; furnished 4 months; clears $15; see this.
18 rooms: fine sunny corner; rent only $S0;
well furnished; all outside rooms; fine yard;
clears $100.
68, rooms; rent $250; 2 years' lease; well
furnished throughout; close In; first-class
boarding-house; clearing $250 per month.
6 rooms end bath: rent $18; water free;
new modern flat, furnished 1 year; price $300.
60 rooms; Bush; rent only $162; good fur-
niture, carpets; clearing over $200 per month;
only 14 rooms (to take care of, balance do
own work; a snap.
. IS rooms; Van Ness; rent $85: oak. ma-
hogany furniture; always full; price $1200;
almost new.
86 rooms: cheap rent: furnished last June;
oak furniture, Brussels carpets: clears over
$230 per month: half cash, balance 1 per
cent; owner sick In bed.
7 rcomn; rent $3S; modern house; new fur-
niture; clears $50; only $400 cash, balance
time. ,
14 rooms: rent $40; new and modern little
boarding-house; fine furniture; hair mat-
tresses; clearing over $200 mo. price $1000.
8 rooms; fine flat; rent only $37 60; well
furnished: very central; snap at $500.
24 rooms; rent only $123; first-class con-
dition; oak, mahogany, blrdseye maple furni-
ture; extra fine carpets; clears $70: price
. $2000; half cash, balance 1^4 per cent.
25 rooms; rent only $100; lease: very cen-
tral; well fur.; clearing $120: must leave
city within 10 days; reduced to $1400; a snap.
13 rooms; rent $55; good furniture; carpets
all full and clean; price only $600.
21 rooms: Howard st.: rent only $60; good
fur. and carpets; clearing $180 per month;
$400 cash, balance time; price $900.
10 rooms; rent $50; close In: oak. blrdseye
maplo fur.; fine carpets; elegant little tran-
sient bouse; clears $125; part cash; price $600.
MARION GRIFFIN.
406 Examiner bldg., cor. Market and 3d sts.
Fine front offices, directly, over entrance.
Take ele\'ator to 4th floor. Phone Black
3607. Title Abstract free with each and every
sale. We do business strictly according to
law.
MAGNIFICENTLY furnished 100-room apart-
ment house, in downtown location;
long lease at |5 50 per room; clears $454
month.
DEATH causes sale of 30-room corner hotel;
S25O0; half cash; furniture cost J3500. ¦-: ;•_ •
OWNER being In hospital this 17-room house
must be sold or exchanged for flat; 2-year
lease; clears $95 per month. . • '
REDUCED to $1100. was $1400; sunny side: 20
big rooms; rent $75; clears $S1 month; lady
sick in bed; compelled to sacrifice. -
NEW and modern; 74 rooms, beautifully fur-
nished In blrdseye maple, mahogany and
¦weathered oak; carpets are velvet, Axmlnster
and body Brussels; clears $24S; 6-year lease.
SPLENDID 30-room corner rooming-house on
Eutter St.; clears $146. per month: all fine
oak furniture and rich, heavy carpets; lease
If desired; eminently respectable; well estab-
lished; worth $3700; will sell for $3000. .
I MARION GRIFFIN is sole agent for this new^
SWELL 64-room house; 6-year lease; sunny
corner; books show $395 monthly profit.
CUT this out; great bargain; 16-room transient
house, near Market; a rapid money maker;
you'd better come and investigate.
HIGH-CLASS aristocratic- private hotel In fine
location; 6 blocks north of Market; 65 rooms;
all occupied by selected boarders; clears $453.
AN honest 21-room house, near the Chronicle;
rent $100; clears $90 month; easy terms.
ANY reasonable offer will be accepted; 29
rooms: south of Market; think of the rent,
only $60; then think of the income.. $180. -
ILL HEALTH caused owner of a 16-room
house to leave city; all housekeeping;* rent
$50; clears $50; price reduced to $750; It's
a gift. t
NEW in 1904; 9 rooms; near the Emporium;
rent $1S; Income $53; price $325; .only $2C0
down.
1.— ATTENTION! Read these 12 lines:
2. — The owner of a large transient house
3. — In the center of San Francisco
4. — Has been suddenly called to
6. — The deathbed of his sister,
6. — In another State.
7. — And has authorized MARION GRIFFIN
8. — To seH the house.
9. — The manager in charge of said house
10. — Keeps careful book accounts.
11.— Which show $500 monthly profit.
12.— A thorough -investigation Is solicited.
BEST hotel proposition In this city; 83 rooms:
sunny: large dlnlng»room; rent only $234
month: always full of steady boarders:
profit never less than $200 month; dissolution
of partnership only reason: price $7000; well
¦worth $10,000. MARION GRIFFIN, room
406. Examiner bldg.
t-- . ¦¦ * ¦ ¦ . ¦ - -
A— CALIFORNIA INVESTMENT CO.
Phone Black C901.- 777% Market. et.
.: BANK REFERENCES.
Any House Sold on Easy Terms.
BUYERS' GUIDE; Bring This Ad With You.
SOME OF OUR SPECIAL BARGAINS. ¦
8 rooms; well furnished; lease; rent $8.. $300
8 roomis: well furnished; rent ?17 50...S30O
C-roora flat: fine; rent $20 50 , $r>5Q
II rooms; Fourth st. ; ' rent - $30 .$500
14 rooms; fine location & furniture; $600 cash,
balance terms: don't fail to see this.
34 rooms: furnished grand; Van , Nets ave.;
$600 cash; balance easy terms. .
8 rooms: Eddy st.;. nicely furnished; large
yards; bargain for $425. ,
C3 rooms; nicely .furnished; grand loca-
tion; lease; -low rent;. clears $300 mo.; $5000
cash, balance • easy terms:- old-established
house. CALIFORNIA INVESTMENT' CO.."
777% Market st. - •¦: ...-.,*.
BARGAIN— 30 rooms, well furnished; close in;
rent $100; clears $125 per month: -$2100;
easy terms to responsible party; leaving city.
For particulars : address Owner.- ¦• box 302,
Call office. .. ' .. :' ' C~~
A — LODGING house, 46 rooms, • within • 1' block
of Market strand 1 near theaters;- rent $115
per .month, with i*rase; ". will sell :- for.' $3200;
all or part cash.; Address box 209. Call offlce.
THB^CALL
... • __ _
JOHN D. SFBECEELS. Proprietor.
IcLIESS KffiffiMmmlnjOMJgAPBHT. &Mg!r
\V. J. MARTIN Business Manager
TELEPHONE.
A*k for THE CALL. The Operator VTtll i Ct»a-
nect You With the Department You \\ Isn.
Publication Office...- Market and Third. S. F.
Editorial Ucoms 21 7 lo 'J21 Stevenson st.
delivered by Carriers. 20 Cts. Per 1^ 75
Cts. Per Month. Single Copies » <-«n«
Terra* by Mail. Including Postage tCasn v» itn
Order): ' « c no
DAILY CALL Onclud. Sunday). 1 year. . .*£¦ w
DAILY CALL ilnclud. ffunilay). « mos •_"«
DAILY CALL— By Sir.jtle Month „'*}:
Sl'NDAY CALL. 1 Year 7'Zft
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Vear ith-'iZLVlixttn.
i Daily . .J*>0 P"" YeBr
FOREIGN 1 L- d3 \ . 4.K. Pe* Year K*tra
POSTAGE. JYVeeKly.. l.uO Per Year Lxtra
ALL rOSTMASTHRS ARE AT5THORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Eimp!e Ccpies will be forwarded »nen re-
quetted. , .
Mail eubscribers in ordering cban 5* w ° r V vw
«r**s »hculd be particular to give b 0 }",.,**^;
AND <.'LD ADDRESS in order to 1 "*f^ e *
prompt and correct compliance wltn tneir re-
Gueat.
OAKLAND OFFICE. ,
HIS Brosdway Telephone Main 1053
BERKELEY OFFICE. „
$14$ Ceeter Street Telephone Norm *i
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
MORTON E. CRANE 140G G Street. N. W.
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
W.ldcrf- Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano. 31
rulon fcquare; Murray Hill Hotel; Flftn-a\e-
cue lir u 1 and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Fherman House; P. O. News Co - : ,. G ;'"i
Northern Hotel; Tremont House: Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GF.OHGE KnOGNKFS...MarqueUe j Bullding
tLocg Distance Telephone, "Central -blJ. /
' NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
CTEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
EfFINEES OFFICE of the San F . rancl^f»
Call, corr.er Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every n'.grht in the year.
BRANCH OFFJCES:
•27 Montgomery etrtet. corner Clay; open un-
til 9:20 p. m.
Rf*O Hayes ttreet; open until 5:oO p. m-
*o» McAllister street; open until 9:^0 P- m.
fllf. Larkin street; or*-n until 0:30 p. ra.
If4l Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
22fl Market street, corner Sixteenth; open un-
til 9 t>. m.
1T6 Eleventh street: cp»n until 9 P- «"•
10JM? Valencia Ftreet: open until » p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets,
open until 9 d. m. .
Northwest corner of Twrnty-second ana n.en-
tucky meets; or'n until 9 p. m. t
C2O0 Fillmore Etrfyt: "P*" until 9 p. rn.
— ~=^^g=»
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 7.. R. A. M-. 5^.
ING. Jaliuarv 12. at 7 :'M o'clock. M. f/W.\
:-.'. dV^rc By or<W <>f thf H. P.
FRANKLIN H. DAY. ' Secretary.
GOLDEN GATlTlx>dce No. P.o, F. and S
A. M. -Called meeting THIS (Tt'ES-VV
DAY* LIVENING at 7 o'clock. First /^r A
decree. By order of W. II.
EDWIN L. MEYER. Secretary.
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144. 1". and A. ».
M — SpKial mating THIS iTL'ES-VVf
DAY) EVENING at 7:.')0 o'clock. />rN
A. S. HrBMAKD, Secretary.
MAGNOLIA LoJge Nc. 2!t, I. O. O.
;¦ Installation riHH iTfES-ggglBHBgb
: Mi EVENING. Mt-mbrrs "f^sawHS?
lodge and ordrr I'l^st- attend. ¦^s*fftr> > '
K. R. TdOSS, Noble Grand.
BAMCEL POLACK, Secretary.
GOLDEN GATE Lodse No. 204,
I <« o F. - Installation of >'ffi- $&&*S8a&
i.rs TUESDAY EVENING. •^">-"=^^S^§ ;r
uarv 12 19 f «4. Visitors cordially '**T»
invited. It.' N. W1ESS. N. O.
1VATCHOE Lodge Nc. .'. K. ol P.. SSL
gwill confrr th<* Unich'. rank (long v^Sg^
f.rm) WEDNESDAY. January 1U. jhgV,
l'.H'l. at Pythian Castle. OCOM Mar- j&*K.
kct M^ at S:«0 p. m. M*>mbfrs of
sifctfcr lodges curdiaily invited.
R. w. banks; c. c.
O. NOnCROSS. K. of R. and B.
CANMAKEUS' Ixxal 213 and Aux. 1 and '.
will hold a {-pedal snrotins THIS EVENING
at S o'clock. In Union-square Hall, 421 Post
St.. Arcadia Mall, where business of Im-
portance will bo transacted. By order
<: SAVKIP Prp^rtcrt
THE annual meeting of the stockholders oJ
tbe Nevada National Bank of San F.-aa-
dfco. Cal.. will be held at Its banking
house. 301 Montgomery street. San Fran-
cisco. Cal., on Tuesday. January 12. 1904.
•t S:*l p. rr... for the election of dinytors
to serve during the ensuing year, and for
the transaction of such other business ma
tjjr come before the meeting.
GEORGE GRAKT. Seo.
Ear Frasdsco. Dec. 12. 1903.
tTOCK HOLDERS" MEETING (Annual)— To
the Stockholders of tbe Oceanic Steamship
Corrpany — Please take notice that the an-
rual meeting of the stockholders of ths
Oceanic Efamshlp Company will be held at
the principal office of the company (I. e..
C27 Market et.. rcem 4. second floor) in
the city ar.d county of San Francisco, State
cf California on THURSDAY. the\21st day
cf January. A. D. l»04. at 11 o'clock a. in..
for the purpose of electing directors and fcr
the transaction of such other business as
may properly come before the meeting.' The
ftock transfer books of the company will be
closed ten <10i days prior to said day of
rneetirc. By order of the Board of Directors
H. W. THOMAS. Secretary Oceanic Steam.
th:j» Corr.;iany. 227 Market «t., San Fran-
dscc. Cal. v
ANNUAL meeting — The regular annual meet-
ins «f th« stockholders of the Pajaro Valley
Consolidated Railroad Company will be held
«t the office of the company, 327 Market
rtreet. Ean Francisco, on MONDAY, the lSlh
«ty of January. 1904. at the hour of II
o'clork a. rr.., for the purpose of electing a
beard cf directors to serve for the ensuing
>car aud for the transaction of such other
business ae may come before the meeting.
Tbe transfer books of the company will close
on Friday. January 35. 1904. at 3 p. m.
W. II. HANNAH, Secretary.
ANNUAL Meeting — The annual meeting of the
I stockholders cf the Sprlas Valley Water
•Vnspar.y vIM be litld at the office* cf the
? Tr.pany. No. I2U Stockton et.. at 12 o'clock
r.oau. en wnDNESDAY, the 13th day of
Jam-ary. JJXM. for the election of directors
to «r»e for tbe ensulnc year, and for the
irs-otacticn cf such oth^r business as may
vocie bejere the meeting.
PELHAM W. AMES. SecreUry.
Pan Francisco, California. December 30,
::*03.
THE annual meeting rf the Afssciation of
the Horoltnl for Children and Training
School for Xurtef »il! be held at the hos-
pital. 3700 California rtre«t on TKURS-
IjAY. Jar.uary !4. lO-'Vi. at 1:30 p. BL
___ AGENTS _W ANTED. .
AGENTS ¦ranted; "The Great Chicago Thea-
ter Disaster*: 'hrtlling stories by 6univors;
fl»!lv Illustrated: retail Jl ."0: best, terms;
•end four 2-cent nam* for mailing outfit*
¦ct quick. J. :-=. ZIIZOLER A CO.. Chicago.
AT once — Fcr Ssn Francisco, Oakland. Berke-
ley, A'.ameda *r.<J ether towns Al agents. Ap-
ply. A. DOVE «;aRB1:TT, Western Indus-
trial Co.. 4CS Ninth t»t., Oakland, bet. 10
and 12 a. rr. and 2 to. 5 p. m.
At; TINTS- -A n agency for a preposition that in
a rtecldod Improvement on building and loan
ts worth having <Jreat Western Improve-
ment Company. Parrott building.
AGENTS everywl.cre can make $7 per day up
In *r>ar# time: more by steady work. RED-
MN, 72G Starr Kirs bid*.
WT1MICN and men -solicitors -a-anted. Apply to
Ilalrrun^r Medical Mfg. Co.. 28 California
«.. 1 to 5.
A'll-NTS r.( l.oth t-xe-s *<-r hlg -or.cy.. Call on
y>l. PrifAW.RT. 27i:: Harrison Ft.
ATI O Z. \ K V S- AT- LAW.
w. n. uittner!
ATTor.Nirr anl« counselor at law.
A«S\'.*-» fre^. Phone South' 743.
I Suite SJ2. Kmma bpreckels building. .
favorers cjui-»tiy and legally obtained for
• ifrtn castes; <'.a:r.agea secured for. injuries to
j«T»ori or c-ktu'.e: rrpievlns lor property on-
Uvfcily <5-:«ir.«i; Attachments and garnUh-
«r>er;-.s fcr a>i;tt: bonds furnished; bankrupt:)*
l<ruccc<9:r:gs: nllis probated: rrtate* neU>d:
tnllecUrfis mad* in all parts of ibe V. 8.
FHIVATK. oulc* divorce for at rmall fee.
Brc sn» on«l fc«ve money: no l<a/ In advanie.
C. T.\ I1OW3T. ATTOHNHT-AT-LAW.
F.mtlMi"1 i"i ;rr.: rm«. 1. 2 3. 4 t: 15. lgt fl.
j:?V Mnrfcet «-i.. between Mason and Taylor.
Advirc free, a!! matter*. Det»ctlvr* employed
. V,'. K.'SG. A:iorrey-at-Law. Kxam. bldg..
•;:!> ftocr. «ntrance rocm «>11; estabilsbed JO
*-.*ar*': «*T! '-afc^t; s c n£r«il c&*Jrt and <>f21cv
I'ra'.tic?; ij» K« In advance or for conrolta-
«jsn; «ven*nc« by appointment. Tel. Red 3'JOl.
ATTORyEV-AT-T,AW— Continued.
GEO. W. AVERILL: advice given in all cases;
divorce, probate, bankruptcy and attachment
suits a specialty: practice in both State and
Federsl coerts. Room 465, 4th floor. Parrott
bldg.. Market St.; phone Howard. 2531.
ADVICE free — I will advance cost In meritori-
ous cases divorces, probate and all other law
cases; no' fee* In advance; open every even-
lag. J. M. THUBSTON. 819 Market st.. r. 4k.
" ADvfcE FREE.
Columbian Law and Collection Agency.
Itoom S5. 0IC Market st.: tel. John C228.
DIVORCE cost* Jl'J; open evenings'; tenants
ejected. $5. QIC Market. r.62:phone Black B51.
DIVORCE— Coeis, SIS: quick, quiet; advice
fre«; cp»-n evening*. 027 Market St., r. oOl.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful;. all
law business. W. W; Davidson. 027 Market.
ll S CLARK. 327 Market st.^ consultation
fr»<-: Be fe<»» in advance: open evenings. ¦
AD VEBTISEMENT WBITOSrO.
HAVING recently acquired through exchange
of property three $40 scholarships in the beet
Collece of Advertising In the United States,,
I will pell them at 25 per cent discount for
cash: the college teaches advertisement writ-
ing by correspondence and nsslsis its grad-
uates to secure petitions; catalogues fur-
nlshed on application. Address box 3020. Call.
A STROLOGV.
MRS. J. FRANCIS, astrologist; lessons; read-
Inps: hours 10 to 5. Suite 10. Hotel Langham.
BIRDS, DOGS. ETC. ' „„,
WARBLING canaries, talking parrots; all
kinds of song and fancy birda; goldfish, seeds,
cages, etc. Give us a trial; we will please
you. 154fi Market »t.
I1USIXESS CHANCES.
R~7~G WILKE. real estate and business agen-
cy; established 15 years; quick sales. Rooms
9 and lu, 28% Kearny.
A— $1600— Rarest chance In the market: cof-
fee saloon and restaurant: choicest location;
daily receipts about $60; net profits above
S3OO per month; a fine business: investigate
soon; trial given. R. G. WILKE. 26H
Kearny tt. ____^_
A— $1250— DELICATESSEN and dairy produce
store; close to Market and Stockton »te.:
larjre stock; clears at least $250 per month;
full value in Btsht: a splendid offer. Call
R. G. WILKK. 26VJ Kearny St. •__
A— $750 — SALOON on Commercial st.: rent
$50. See R. G. WILKIE, 26^ Kearny st.
X— $500 — SALOON and boarding-house on
main et.: 12 furnished rooms; established
years. See R. G. WILKE, 26^4 Kearny st.
A ROADHOUSE with 15 newly furnished
rooms; bathroom, barn, 1 cart. I electric
piano; 10 years' lease; rent $43; price $3000;
business very good; that is all. For particu-
lars L EeeIt^G^JvyiLK^26^4JKearny_et : __
A— $1500 — BUTCHER shop In Western Addi-
tion: rent $40; weekly sale about 4 steers,
25 ehcep; 1 horse. 1 wagon: dally receipts
about $40. See R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny.
A— $1750— CORNER grocery and bar on
Guerrero st.; lease; a good paying business;
fresh Ftock; all cash trade. Particulars R.
G. WILKE. 2C^ Kearny Et.
A— $1400 — CORNER grocery and bar on De-
vlsadero Et. ; owner has a fine paying busi-
ness. MSt family affairs compeis him to
leave for East, See R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearny et. -\'.'.
A — S550 — CIGAR, candy and notion store on
McAllister St.; rent $25; a nice paying busi-
ness for man and wife. Call and I will show
you the place. R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— $000— DRY goods and notion store with 4
fine furnished rooms on Mission St.; splendid
chance for man and wife. Call R. G.
WILKC, 26% Kearny.
FOR country hotels, saloons, cigar, notion
Etores, butcher shops or any kind of business,
see R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
FOR rale — Beautiful and picturesque health
and summer resort; 2 hours" ride from San
Francisco: 20 minutes' ride from depot: has 20
acres land, set with all kinds fruits, flowers:
beautiful groves; 32-room hotel, with cottage
ct 4 room*, all furnished; necessary outbuild-
ings, dance ravilion. bar, bathhouses, lake
for rowing; raises own vegetables, poultry
nrd hay; 2 horses, buggies, bus. Jersey cow
snd calf, chickens, bar fixtures, billiard table,
new upright plar.o: 3 years' lease at $500 per
year. car. get longer; fine mineral springs;
will cure many diseases: moi.cy in everything
on place: round trip fundays. $1 W> from S.
F.: death cause of sale; price $2250. CAM-
KRON. :; Eddy ft.
FOR pale or trade — Quartz minej fine prospect:
located in Cal.: assays $40 to $70 ton: trade
for r'm'g house or business. Cameron, 3 Eddy.
FOR sale — Well-located candy store: all equlp-
I>">d for making own candies: established 8
years; clearing over $2<X> per month; will in-
voice about $1200. CAMERON. 3 Eddy st.
HIGHEST ca*h price paid for stocks of mer-
chandUe. See A. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy.
FOR trade — Income-bearing: city property for
stocks of merchandise; any amount. CAM-
KRON & CO.
FOR sale — One of the best restaurants In city:
cheap rent: receipts $75 to $100 per day; will
bear Investigation : price $1500: also one -in
good location for $350. CAMERON & CO.,
3 Kddy st.
A^ 3 PER CENT MONTHLY.
On Investments of $100 and upward; no "get-
rich-qulck" swindle, turf speculation or gam-
bling scheme, but a reputable, established
business enterprise In San Francisco; cleared
(67,000 last >*ar on $100,000 capital; stock
Increased $20,000 to enlarge the plant; call
or write for particulars.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market St.
CALL and eee the list of lodging-houses from
6 to 200 rooms; cheap rents; hotels, road-
houses, saloons, restaurants, groceries, livery
Etables bought and sold and exchanged;
money loaned on chattels; millinery store to
exchange. E1TEL & CARROLL. 212 Kearny.
HAVE Just what you want In the line of busi-
ness chances; see me for bargains. ANDER-
SON, Auctioneer, room 26, S06 Market St.;
phone Slain 1852: correspondence solicited.
WANTED— Either whole or half interest In a
corner grocery and bar In a good business
location. Send price and location to box
:J22. Call office.
I WOULD like to buy a cigar stand In a gooj
part of the city for business; give price and
.what part of city it Is in. Address box 313,
Call office.
IF you are looking for a restaurant, eee mine:
it Is in a good business location on Taylor
•t.: rent reasonable and a good trade. Box
304. Call office.
A DELICATESSEN store on Turk st.: good
locality and good growing business; will sell
if taken at once for $450. Address box 376,
Call oifice.
A PARTNER with $600 cash can clear $1400
in 'J mchths: a new proposition to catch
suckers who tvant something for nothing;
best of references given. Box 272S, Call.
A— $1200: hotel, bar and restaurant; main st.
in booming country town near city; 120 steady
boarders. Call Eureka Realty Co.. 719 Mrkt.
VJ.'.fy FOR a first-class milk business in Ala-
n-.cda County. P. C. LASSEN & CO., 466
'iVuih «t.. Oakland. Cal.
I WOULD like to locate In the city In a. good
Ftatlonery or book store and newsstand; will
pay cash. Write particulars to box 359, Call.
$3T>0— A RESTAURANT in good locality on
Sixth )«*.: large sealing capacity: reasonable
rent; lease. Inquire box 381, Call offlce. •
WANTED — A delicatessen store In business lo-
cation. Address, with price and particulars.
box 371; Call office. • ¦
BRANCH I5AKERY— Doing good business:
particulars at 900 Dolores Et., cor. 22d.
I WILL buy a taloon If In a good location fcr
business). Addrees, with price, box 334, Call.
DKLICATESKKN More for sale; good business.
Box 3C1. Call office.
WANTED— To buy a restaurant. Address box
367. Cal! offlce.
$000— RE8TAi:RANT on Larkin et.: low rent
Box 34», Cali offlce.
FOR sale — Wood and coal yard. Including
hor**» and wascv, »tc. 849 Florid* et.
GOOD paylr.jr country »»al;ery for »»Je or tx-
chanpe lor city bkl'.»ry. Box 321, OH.
VERY low f.irur*: well stocked." g.«d pavlns
cor. bazaar; rr.u«t be *old. KiOO Devisadero.
FOR saV— Complete dyeing avid cleaning
work*: c.oil locBtlon. Box 2SC\ C«il offlce.
A IJIUNCH offlce of The Call for tbo r«cep^
ticn cf i.4»ii*.i*»mcnts and »uL«criptli>n* uas
i>een cre::ed at 1C0S Market si., opposiu
Fifth. Op>3 unt'.l 11 p. m.
LODGING-UOLSES FOR 8ALB.
A^-KREPO & CO.
I'hotie Black CS^. . 765 Market st.
.".5 rs. : cor.; transient house;- rent $125.. $1800
NJ re.; Mission et.; clears $150 month.. 2000
•J» 18.; Geary, ccr.; new: bargain for.. ."0u0
19 rs.; cor. Pott; clears $100 1700
21 i».; Mission; new; bargain........... 1200
30 rs.; Jones; rent $55; cheap... .'.* C50
¦ Others not advertised. , Money loaned.
! WANTED, for cash, a lodging house : of not
more than fiO rooms: Ktate price wanted and
five location. Box 361, Call offlce.
A LITTLE WANT ADVOTlSm ENT PLACED IN THE5E
VIS ASCI A.l~__ ;
COMPANUESlncor^^ «nanc_ed and nd .t^
sag, ™*- ,
HELP WAHTBD-FBMAIA
2 COOKS, no wasalns ¦•••;¦• t3»!*123
9 German cooks, no washing ?;;»¦ *\
:; mald 3 and seamstresses • $ V • ,_ j" V nd JS
« second girls *-"• * «.. o
Kitchen helper r s "-
Attendant. orphanage $''»o"$""i
I aaiuf'ses. clty'an.Vcountry.:.:$2i;'$5 "week
{£ ay gen *rai * hou^wO^' glrlV. ! "c»V j and gj
Appyff? F.CR6Ve¥t&CO-^4 Sutter.
•• LUTNDIiESSES for private families; -wagea
" feo. MISS PLLNKBTT. 425 Sutter St.. near
Powell. • ,
A PROTESTANT girl for chamberwork on^y
for lanr* school short dl.tance £°! n c £JLi-
wages $-t> and found. MISS PLLNKETT.
423 Sutter st.. near Powell. >
A LAUNDRESS. $:UV. 4 second gifU *»: |J
coohs. *:i> and $;:3: cook, country $40 -
housegtrls, $.".0: housekeeper, $-0. MRS.
NORTON. "13 Sutter »t. ,
A-WANTED — Girls to learn halrdressJnj. -
West. 233 Geary St.. room 13.
A_Glrls to learn millinery now for spring tea- «
"^n: both season, taught from .tart to .flail.!.
'Si month for 110; positions as trl amm
salesladies, etc.. guaranteed at $10 per wk up.
Say "nd evening class. 143 Stockton st.. r. 13.
A-LADIE9 to learn all branches h *|'* r " M l ;»«
tr«rte- manicuring, massage, etc. 1230 Mar-
ket.!.."" Jones, room W: positions secured
.Thignest wages: day and eve, clys; call.
LADIES wanted everywhere, copying letters at
home, evenings or spare time and i return v>
us: no mailing or canvassing: * 9 £*"£
earned; materials free: enclose self-addressed
envelope for particular*. Guarantee Co..
No. S4 Ninth st.. Philadelphia. Pa.
, _ 4 '
SEWING MACniNE"oPERATOMANDBtV-
FTrnS- N'O EXPERIENCE NLCEosART:
pIFd SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS _& CO £
FACTORIES. 32V, FREMONTST. AND IS*
MISSION. NEAR FIFTEENTH.
PROTF.STANT girl for general housework:
small family; no washing; $20 month. -315
Pine st.
"WANTED — A girl for housework; reference*.
19.-J0 Sutter «t. >' ¦¦¦:
GIRL for general housework; •mall family.
1OIS Bush «t. .
WANTED — First-class coat finisher. 520
Kearny st., room 1. 1
WANTED— Toung German girl to assist with
children; wages $10 to $12. Apply 1331 P»n»
St.. between 10 and 2.
WANTED — A young girl to assist in house-
work: sleep home: wages $12 to $13. Apply
15S0 Fuiton »t.. forenoons. <
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply *5
Chutes 8 p. m. Wednesday; salary no object.
WANTED — In San Rafael, strong. Intelligent
girl, about 28 years, general housework;
wages $30 month. Address, with references.
H. B.. 605 Fourth St.. San Rafael. Cal.
WOMAN not too young and familiar with
business methods for position of trust: n»
stenography. Box 296. Call.
WANTED — A lady with musical talent and ed-
ucation: $800 per year. Apply, with refer-
ence*, the University Society, box 3060. Call.
FIRST-CLASS stenographers furnished. Mlas
M. O. Barrett. Instructor. 302 Montgomery.
HELP WASTED MALE.
A— MURRAY &. READY. «5G4-6S6 Clay st.
Pbone Main 581S.
Leading Employment and Labor Agsnts.
1903 We Gave 1004 We Hope to
eo.OCO Msn Work. . Increase 6O.00*
ARIZONA, close to Prescott.
German or Scandinavian cook, wife, $39.
Carriage trimmer. Old Mexico, free far*.
$•>— DON'T FORGET— Vi.
' Arizona To-day. Prescott.
Steady Jobs for two years; big wages.
ITALIANS. ~l~A i -
40 Italians to chop wood? tools found.
5 cooks. *.¦;<>. S40. $r.n. «ho and found.
MURRAY & READY. KJ4-636 Clay st.
IN MENDOCINO COUNTY.
IS German or Scandinavian woodchopp - ?r«;
No. 1 bis job. $1 to $1 50 cord.
MURRAY & READY. 6St-636 Clay st.
3 BUTCHERS, country job,' $30 to $35 found.
Sticker or matcher hand. city. $4 a day.
MURRAY &.READY.. W4-6G8 Clay st.
BOILERMAKER, country. $3 50 day.
Baker, hotel, $50 and found.
' Laundry wagon driver, country. $30 found.
Second baker, near city. $10 and found.
Blacksmith for mine. $90.
¦MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay .t.
COOK, lumber company, $t>0 and found.
2 painters and paper hangers. $.1 to %¦'. 50 day.
Young man, carriage painting. $3 to $15 weeit.
2 boys learn painting. $4 to $5 week.
Choremar. and gardener, private family. $38 .
and found.
MURRAY &. READY, 634-636 Clay st.
NEW WORK.
12 teamsters, go to-day, 2 horses.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
CLOTHING and furnishing goods salesman.
$75; carpet and wall Daper salesman. $S0;
machinist for mine. S10O month and board:
man and wife, private family. $50 and found:
butler, $50 and found; restaurant cook, $1*
week: snon baker. $1S week, and others. J.
F. CROSETT & CO.. C2S Sacramento »t.
WANTED — Young man 17 or 18 years' of age
to assist In order and packing department uf
wholesale house: must be bright, active- an<i
capable of advancement; state in reply ex-
perience, if any, and wages expected to start
with. Box 337. Call office.
AN experienced salesman to sell a popular
line of goods 1n California: only those having
acquaintance with the clothing and furnish-
ing trade need apply. Address, stating ex-
perience, reference, etc., F. E. C, box 331.
Call of nee.
a— L~ ! u
Men to learn tbe barber trad* In two months
and secure good positions; catalogue and full
Information mailed free. MOLER Syst«m
College. 6U3 Clay st.
•WANTED — A baker for the country; foreman
on bread; American; must be first clasa
and sob*>r: home made goods: also second
hand. Address box 716, Call office.
GOVERNMENT positions — Call at room ll!
fifth floor. 30". Larkin st.. for free Information
as to positions, salaries, age limits, etc.; day
or evenings.
TOUNG - men everywhere copy letters horn*
evenings: $9 50 week. S»nd addressed en-
velope for particular?. Manager Dept. ?t
box UU. Philadelphia. Pa.
A MAN of indomitable energy and push, a good
talker, eager to make money. F. PERSON.
477 and 478. Parrott building.
A STRONG boy for general work; wages $3.
Book store. 776 Market at.
WANTED — FIrst-clasa showcase makers. 7«1
Broadway, Oakland. . . .
DISHWASHER and extra warter and sllvw-
man. 501 Twentieth st.
COOK wanted: Swedish or German; reference..
Call b«t.O a.m. and 3 p.m..2WO Devlsadero.
BOYS between 10 and 2O years of age. Apply
20-1 O'Farrell st. .
WANTED— Boy for drugstore; good wages to
right party. Apply at store, l!>th &. Valencia.
BARBERS, take notice'. — The offlce of secr«-
tary and Free Employment Bureau has re-
moved to f» City Hall ave. or l.VM Market stt..
at .Journeymen Barbers' ¦ Union, Local uj!
JOS. R. BLEILY. .
TWO-chair barber «hop for sale cheap; rent
$11. 41S Larkin gt.
BARBER fchop for sale: $M>. Call early. 113854
Fol.som st. ' •:-.-.' .--,--
BARBERS — 2-chair »hop: clearing S2© •weekly,
your own price; no triflers. It; Polk at.
10c BARBER shop for s"ale: steady 2 chairs;
cheap. Inquire tM Folsom st.
WHY pay big prices to nr.ve your shoes half-
¦oled when you, can get It don« for 23c* £0e
and 60c while you wait mf &63 Mission at..
bet. 1st and -d sts.. or 11. Third st.
DRIVER en commission at Murray's Dyeing
and Cleaning Works. Klghth and Howard.
YOUNG men tor ship for Australia anil Eu-
rope at HERMAN'S 1 , 22 East st..
WANTED — To employ an educated gentleman
, to- tra-w-1 In Southern California and write
short rrticlea- for publication: 110OO per
year and railroad-- 1*mz first-class reCer-
enett required. Box :".0t;l. Call.
EXPERIENCED business men and women dV
firing mercantile position with good com-
pensation are requested to tall on the Royal
Mercantile Co.. Suite 13. Columbian building
. !>18 Marke^at. ¦- - , -
10O TOli.NO men of IS years, -with good char-
acter, to organize. > military organization
• Call at 473 Valencia St.. bet. 6 and 8 p. m.
... .
There are graveyards where bodies are burled, you know.
And others for those who In business arc slow; ' •
Want Ads In this paper will keep you alive,
- And display ads are certain to make your trade thrive. •
Dread failure will never hang above like a pall
For the one who is wise and puts faith in The Call. •THE SAN ¦ -.FRANCISCO, CALL, TUESDAY., JANUARY 12, 190*.
13
BELP WANTED MALIC— <f>»n tinned.
r VT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. .Phone. Grant 165. I
F;r?t-c!ass chef $125 '
. Hrrau and cake baker, cafe, north. $20 week
. BuahHiMM. city $12-(lg week
• Stenographer and typewriter who cai» do
offlce work, country hotel $30
Buiirr. city. $50; butcher, country... .$35
Tunnel foreman. R. It. work. $4 day and fare
Stableman, institution, country $30
.Woodchoppers, tie and post makers. "
3 farmers, orchard $25 and found '
Baker, hotel, city $40
. C. K HANSEN & CO 429 Bush st.
A— PACIFK- EMPLOYMENT AGENCY; .
r<26— Montgofwry Ft. — 0215 ;
. Vpstairs— Firrt Fluor — Cor. Clay St.
rhrnie Mair. 1101. U01 Main Phone.
COAL MINERS— OREGON— NEW MEXICO.
2 min'R, south. $75; baker, city hotel. $40 ;
- to $45 and found; cook, dredger, good Job, '
f.i:> and found.
CHICO— 131'TTE CO.— HALF FARE— Ship
rositivrly to-night; 20 two and four horse
teamsters, $2 25 and $2 50 day— TO-NIGHT.
TRY our men's ehoes, union made, at $1 and
(1 T.0 per fair, foot-form shoes at $2 r>0. or
orthopedic jshoes, J3 00; best ehoes on earth. 11
Third >t . cim. bldg.. 5 doors from Market.
CTAKTED — Men and women to learn the bar-
Ivr trade; ««cfs uald while learnlnir. Cal!
or HiMress Western College of Barbers, 047
Oonmwcial rt.. Sari Francisco.
WANTED — An ail arousd bookbinder: one who
can do forwarding and finishing on full
bound* Apply SANBORN VAIL &. CO.. 741
Market ft.
WANTED— Lsb'.rcrs and m-chanics to know
that Ed P.olkin. Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new roonn to the Denver House.
217 Third Et. ; 250 rooms: 2Tc to fiOc per night.
WANTED — A flrst-c'.at-s carriage blacksmith
m sood wae«. Apply to A. ME1STEH &
SONS CO.. Sacramento. Cal.
PENSION ATTY.. M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis v s«_; 14
years' practice; references from thousands of
peryens for whom I have secured pensions.
TRY our men's Ehoes. union made, at $1 and
fl M» pair; Joot-form j-hces at $2 50; we pay
•..;:•..- or mail cherges. 11 ¦'• ! Et.. Exam. bid.
VANT1-D — Cash boy; aiso *\agon boy. Apply
between 9 and 11 a. ta.. HALE BROS.'.
SAILORS -and ordinary M«nwn for de«>p-water
5ti;r*. Apply DrNT." place, 2C Steuart. EL
MUSXCXAXS to Join military band. S2S Bush
:¦*... th;r>l floor, room 4.
. UEN to Jearn barber Trade. San Francisco
I'.arber Coiifgf. 741A Howard et.
TENSION atty.. E. A. Bullls. room 40. Phtlan
bids. Pact Com. Geo. II. Thomas Post. G.A.R.
itlrPONALD &. TEURY have a large stock of
new and Eecond-hand Ehoeg; cheap. 239 3d st.
WINCHESTER Hcte!. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket — TOO rooms; 35c night; reading rooms;
free "bus and barctge to and from ferry.
:¦ A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertlserspnt! 1 ar.d subscriptions has been
opened at IOCS Market st.. oppesiu Fifth.
Open until II p. m.
CLASSIFIED advertisement* «and subseriptlona
received at Call branch effice. 2200 Fillmore.
ALL riz«*i« mm'f rhoc*. slightly damaged, half
price. :."•-'•: Mlscion St.. bet. 1st and 2d ets.
GET your *hoee half soled while waiting; 23c
to 50c. Z-C'j Mlfsicn st.. bet. 1st and Sd sts.
HORSES AM) WAGONS.
H5 HEAD of eocxl work horses and mares, suit-
able ior coiitracicrs- or ranch work, mint be
sold; asction rales every Monday at 11
o'clock Ht Ellisst. Stab'.e, C15 Ellis St.; If
>cu want to buy, Fe!l or exchange snything
in our line give us a call: all horses sold
from this establishment must be as repre-
¦ tented. S. WATKINS. Auctioneer.
AVILL close out a large stock of horses, wag-
ons, surries. buggies, carts and harnese at
auction, January 12. at 11 a. m., at 1140 Fol-
scir! tt.
• FOR sale— Handsome trap, cheap. Box 375Q.
<*i!l _-fSce.
Al EXPltKSS waron, light camping wagon
acd r -•. _ri for sale cheap. 6*2 Mission st.
Largest aFEortmt 2-hand wagons, buckb'd. sur-
. • rev. harness, work,drivlnR hcrses. 15th- Valencia.
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list of houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G.H.LTMIiSEN & CO.. 14 Montcnmerr.
• A— nOt'Sns znij Tats to let; an immense Hat;
sfrvice absolutely free; take advantage of
th'.F department; it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-229 Geary
•t.. on the square.
BEFORE moving gft our printed list cf houses
to let. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 23 Post st.
J1OLSL> nK.\lSlii:i) KUlt )ALC
A NICE furnished flat; 4 large room?: parlor,
2 bedrooms and kitchen: yard anJ basement :
line location; a bargain : $115; rent $15. Ap-
ply at crocery Ftcre, 11C Eighth ex..
LOST AAD FOL'XD.
LOST — January 11. either on boat from Stock-
ton cr alon^ wharf to Sacra mento-st. car?,
|>afr of gold lorgnette*, octagon eyes; liberal
reward. Return 43S Eleventh avenue, Rich-
mcr.d
LOt-'T— Night of January <», along McAllister
oar Sine between Second «ve. and carhouse.
lady's- ling; uecrl turrouiKled by diamonds;
"libra 1 reward. 700 ?"»ccnd avf.
• LC i=T — On Ellis rt.. b^t. Larkin and Polk, la-
. * dies' Japanese purs-e containing small purse
• iv:th money; reward. Return 7IK> Ellis st.
• I.'VT— Surcay. in drc^cinc room at ferry,
';*v.\ ring. Finder pif-ane return to 3S12
. .. Twfr.ty-E^vand St. and receive reward.
LOST— January S». Bold plated enameW photo
hutton of a young man: reward. Box 330.
«."a'l office.
I>O?T— Last Friday, yellow setter dog. Return
to "21 Davii Ft. and ifccfvc !•> reward.
LOST — January 7. in roini: from 2513 Broadway
to "125 Jackson st. via. .Scott Ft.. Pacific ave.
and Itucl:aran «.. an open-work black enamel
p.n -v:th jxarl in center. Finder will be lib-
Tally rewar<1<v1 by leaving nme at 2513
Broadway. MRS. J. G. KITTLE.
LOFT— A passbook with the Hibernla Savings
and Locn Society cf San Francisco. In the
nsm* of JOHN A. or KATIE DOHEUTY.
No. 1<V-411. The finder will please return to
baz-.k.
FOUND — January 5, on Harrison St.. small
lady's chatelaine, containing lady's watch,
penknife and timail sura of money. Owner
c*n obtain tarn* at 420 Eighth Ft. by deecrib-
• «n»;
LOST — Brown. Rhert -tailed, lens-eared. Fhaggy
M-tter: I>r. Howurd'* Dick L Liberal re-
ward if returned to 1W5S Maronic ave.
LOFT— A collie dog. Iteturn to J. O'SHEA,
¦ fV-vyntpernh and Vermont Et». ; receive reward.
A WEEK'S new* for 5 cent*— The Weekly Call,
1«i pag*?. in wrsr-r»er. fcr traiilng. $1 per year.
SIJCDICAL.
MRS. rrt. wrcrril, specialist for all female
romplalntr; lnetast relief guaranteed; 30
years' experience; removed to 826 Post st. .
UR5. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and irregularities; Inztant re-
" lief ru&ranteed. JOOSH Market st,. opp. 5th.
VALPKA.CS female pills; beFt regulating pilis
void; pric-e $2 JiO by fxpre^s. PaMeur's
eyrlnRi- nnd tablets: price J5. By express
orUjr on receipt of price.- OSGOOD BHOTH-
Ki.:-. whol*fcale druggists, Seventh and
Broadway. Oakland.
ER. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are *lck cr
in trouble coceult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu-
r-ate helped; ih*. most difficult cases treated:
« C vice ;ree. Office. 1016 Market st.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES in EARS
positively cured; new method; 1 week's treat-
ment frte. Vr. Cottlngham. 204 Butter eL
X>r». Goodwin. 7.'^! Turk. nr. Van Ness— Expert
in obstetrics, female complaints; lnst. relief;
" treatment tlO; hours. 10 to 8; 25 years' exper.
Mr.S. U. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable Jadler
cpeclaUst; a private home before and during
cobfisement: best rr.edlral care; low fee*.
PR. BOSESf resides 2335 Folsom st.. corner
26th; iadies. relief or no fee; $10.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS:
original. method cf treatment; 112« Market et.
DR. NG TOT KEE. 819 Powell et..- opposite
LrJcn S<ruare; all diseases cured by herbs.
MIXING AXD ASSAYING.
SO EXPERIENCED miners to work tor stock In
%-aluable Arizona mine; board, expenses, far*
paid. T26 Starr King bldr. .
MISCELLAXnOCS WAXTS. *
BOOKS and libraries bought. H. C. HOLMES.
1143 Market tt.; phone Jessie 374L or postal.
I PAT highest prices Ior all kinds of cast-cS
clothing; tend pottal. MORRIS. 870 Folsom.
T1LTON wants good second-hand clothing and
thtniricai sooda. 151 Oth tt.; tel Jessie 2831.
ROOMS TO LET— Farn. snd PnfttrB.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market — 400
rooms 35c to $1 night. $1 75 to $6 week; elec-
tric lights (r.o gas), running water In every I
room: elevator, read. -room; free bus; baggage.
VAN NESS. 519 — Handsome sunny furnished
suites and single rooms; all conveniences. t
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. near Market—
Most convenient and respectable: 700 rooms; c
35c to $1 50 night: $2 to $8 week; elevator:
elec. lights; reading-room: free bus; baggage.
WOLF Hous«. 202 Sixth— Electric light in
every room: room from 15c to $1 per night.
75c to $5 per week: open all night- « '
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church its.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m. , .__.._
I ROOMS AXP-POARP.
A^~" HOTEL BALTIMORE.
VAN NESS AVE.. NEAR GEARY ST.
AMERICAN PLAN.
PHONE PRIVATE EXCHANGE 708.
SELECT FIRST-CLASS FAMILY HOTEL.
HOT AND COLD OCEAN WATER.
8PECIAL RATES BY THE MONTH.
MUNGER & ZEBERG. PROPRIETORS.
— HOTEL HATTON
977 Pine. nr. * Taylor; elegantly furnished
suites: private baths; all modern • conven-
iences; excellent table.
ELEGANT front, sunny alcove room; running
water, gas, bath: suitable for 2, with board;
private family; also another room. 1224 Gold-
en Gate ave. ; phone Stelner 3C26. •
CALIFORNIA. 1246— Most select location In
modern, elegantly furnished privat* borne;
table unsurpassed: marln» view. _^_
HOTEL MARTINET. Geary st. end Van Ness
ave.. has changed hands; hereafter conducted
first-class family hotel; table board specialty.
LARGE newly furnished front room, with
board In private family: two gentlemen or
couple. 113 Valoarcyso st.
HOTEL ELSMERE. 418 Sutter— Sunny rooms;
excellent tatl?; from $40; single $25.
NEWPORT. 1018 Pine, near Taylor— Large sun-
ny bultes: also single room; excellent table.
VALENCIA. JKJB — Sunny room for 2; new fur-
nlture; flrat-class boarding-house.
THE NIRA, 615 Taylor— Nicely furnished, sun-
ny suites; also single; excellent table.
Stevenson mansion. 807 California— Fine rooms;
new chefs; colored service; table specialty.
b'FARRELL. 308 — Furnished rooms: homo
' cooking: German family; $tt per week. _
ItOOMS AXD BOARD WANTED.
WANTED — By a* student, place to work for
board and room from 5 to 8 p. m. Address
J v G. OHANNESIAN. 555 Parrott bldg.
WANTED — Board and 2 rooms for 2 adults
and 10-year-old child; price not to exceed
$S0 per month. Box SOOO. Call office.
SUITE of rooms, with first-class board, wanted
for 2 adults: rates not to exceed $85 per
month. Box 252. Call.
BOARD and room wanted for 2 at $6O per
month. Box 254. Call.
KOOMSWANTED.
WANTED— By young man of good standing,
room In private family: with children pre-
ferred ; best references; to Insure considera-
tion state full particulars. Box 338. Call.
WANTED — 3 rooms furnished complete for
housekeeping. Address, stating rent, box
?t»7. Call office. ¦
StjAVlNO MACHINES AXDSCPFL1ES
NKW HOME — See our new triple-feed* ma-
chines; slightly used; $10. $15. $20: second-
hand, $3, $5. $8; all styles: guaranteed. New
Home Sewing Machine Co.. 1051 Market st.
~ PROPOSALS.
SAN~ FRANCISCO. Cal.. Jan. 11. 1904.— Sealed
proposals, in triplicate, will be received here
until 11 o'clock ¦ a. m., February 11. 1004.
and then opened, for construction of frame
bakehouse and furnishing portable oven at
Depot' of Recruits and Casuals, Angel Island.
Cal: Government reserves right to reject or
accept any or all bids In whole or In part.
Information furnUhed on application to
' WM ¦ S. PATTEN. Assistant Quartermaster
General. Chief Q. M.
MAKKIAcfe LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
John V. Zaremba. 30. C75 Bush street, city,
and Marl- S. Saft-re, :«4. city.
AususUno Ituval. 20, Sonoma, and Carmena
Bcrnadettl. IS, Glen Kllen.
I>ano L, C. E. Coniatti.' . "..I. Milan, Italy,
and Mae A. Garofalo. 21. 1530 Jackson street.
-Gerald Groc^heck. CS, New York, and Lena
L. Lutz. 2«. Boston. "
. Kdwin T. P.lake, 2S. Berkeley, and Harriet
W. Carson, 21. city. -
John Cranston. 4-'{, .T2O Fourth street, and
Elizabeth Chambers, 4.'t. 73 Albion avenue.
Isador Mentz, 22, 18 Moss street, and Sarah
Mendelsohn. Ks, IS iloss street.
Frank Wl's^n. 33, B:nicia, and Laura Rose,
33. Oakland.
Frank R. Klotz. 29, Vallejo, and Mary E.
Reilly, IS. Vallejo.
Leo Bentier. 2«. 322 Ellis street, and Eliza-
beth L. Garber, 22. :OS Ellis street.
• Joseph A. Uennett-s, 2l>. 1G Jurl strfet, and
Ollevena Steel, 27, Grass Valley.
John A. Johnson. 21. 219 Golden Gate ave-
nue, and Alice Rutland, Chicago.
Lukt? Moore. 2\ 130 Eleventh street, and
Lucy Guest, 24, 130 Eleventh street.
BIRTHS— &1ARRIAQES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be ins:rtcd. They mtut be handed
in at Cither of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have tha itme published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once In tbls column
free of charge.
BORX.
DEVINCENZI— In this city. January 5. 1904.
to the wife of Angelo Devlncenzl, a son.
DOMINGUEZ — In Alameda. to the wife of
R. A. Dnmlnguez, a son.
RASMUSSEN— In this city. January S, 1004.
to the wife of E. Rusmussen, a son.
WRIGHT— In Oakland. January 6. 1904. to
the wife of Dr. F. L. Wright, a son.
MAKKIEP.
BRESCHINI— FRANZONI— In - this-- city. De-
cember 2!>. 11)03. by the Rev. W. Schuldt.
Stephen Bres;h|ni of Salinas, Cal., to Meta
- D. Franzonl of this city. . , - 7 ,v--.; •
DIED.
Anderson? Mrs. A.O. ' L<wi», Charles A.
Austin, itenjamin F. , Little. David
Baruch, Frieda Lund, Marimls C.
Beard. Rev. J. N. Meyer. Caroline
Blake, Patrick Mulcahy, Matgarct
Blee, William Murphy. Elizabeth
Broder, Patrick O'Connor, Margaret,
Cazneau, Cetla O'Rourku, James
Commerford, Catherin Pike, Catherine
Courtney. Mrsi H. M. Plcat-ant. Mary E.
Cry^tiij. Ellen Redding. Michael
Elliott, Kathleen Sawtelle. Lucinda S.
; Fahey, Bridget Shanley, Catherine B.
Flaherty, Ar.nle Solomon. Samuel
Hunt. Marcus Swan, Jenny B.
Kenney, Katherlne F. Warren, James F. S.
Latfomarstno, G. Warren. Charlotte M.
ANDERSON — In this city. January 10. 1SKM.
Aurora Octavia. beloved wife of John
. Anderson, nnd mother of Mrs. G. Llndquist,
Charles. Albert. Walter and Adolph Ander-
son, a native of Sweden, aged 07 years 7
months atid 3 day*.
¦ i 3 jJCTFrlendir and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend funeral Wednesday,
January 1.1. at 12 o'clock m. from the
mortuary .chapel of the Golden Gate Under-
taking Company. 2475 Mission street, thence
-.'¦ to tbe Swedish Lutheran Ebenezer Church.
Mission street, between Eighth and Ninth,
where services will be held at 1 o'clock
p. m. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
AUSTIN — In this city. January 11, l*J04,
Benjamin F., beloved husband of Addle
Austin, and brother of Martha J. Kin«t, a
native of Rochester. N. Y.. aged .71 years
t> months and IS days. A member of Lin-
coln Post No. 1. G. A. R.
i E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day, at 2 o'clock p. m., from the funeral
parlors of Porter & White. 423 Oolden Gate
avenue. Fumral under the auspices of Lin-
coln Post No. • 1. G. A. R. Interment Na-
tional Cemetery.
BARUCH— In "this city January • 0. 1004,
Frieda, beloved wife • of the late Isaac Ba-
I ruch, and beloved mother of Mrs. J. Olco-
vich of San Salvador. Mrs. M. Rosenberg of
'. Holllster. Mrs. W. Rosenberg and Frederick.
r Albert and Benjamin Baruch. a native of
Germany, aged 73 years and 6 months.
ETFuneral and Interment privata.
' BEARD — In St. Louis. Mo.. January 4. 1804.
Rev James N. Beard, D. D.. beloved hus-
" band of Cynthia Beard, and father of May
and Edith Beard, and brother of Burke
Beard of Indiana, a native, of Indiana, aged
1 63 years 7 months and A days. "{..
a - E7Fri£nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend funeral services Tues-
day. January 12. at 1 o'clock p. m.. from
- Grac« Methodist Episcopal Church, Twenty-
i; first street, between Mission and Howard.
Interment- Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by
REAL ESTATE CITY—FOR SALE.
AUCTION
By
HENRY STERN
(Of David Stern & Sons),
THURSDAY. JANUARY 14. 1004.
At 12 o'clock noon.
At Salesroom,
11 MONTGOMERY ST.
£ COLE STREET.
"^ 1W 25 | 25 | 25 | 23 | 25 I 25 | 25
M '
» ; ' « '
s / § i
e» ,
¦ 8 ... ¦¦• >
g* 137:6 . 1 . 137:8 g
n ¦:.. ~
Ph_ '• • ~ |
gs ¦ u
I s r; . ~ li a
s_ . — >.
2 {a t-s *4
!* » ; J* H
— . ' — w
; •¦••••-¦••¦ _i*
7T ~ ~ ~ 7. h
ct . 137:6 - | 137:6 » g
ta 100 k
8 ' «
— a ' «
g ¦ r
rr ioo
" 25 125 25 25 25 25 25
CLAYTdN STREET.
". STREET WORK DONE. *
x FACING GOLDEN GATE PARK.
38 CHOICE RESIDENCE LOTS.
FELL ST.. BOULEVARD AND PANHANDLE.
FELL. HAYEtf, CLAYTON AND COLE STS.
40 per Cent cash, balance at 0 pur cent in-
terest.
For further particulars apply to
~ HENRY STERN. 11 Montgomery st.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
25 POST ST.
JC.OOO — Buchanan, nr. Sutter; 7 rooms.
$17,500— Fell, facing Park; 50 feet; Eastlake.
$3.250— Maple; key lot; 2-story, 7 rooms;
stable;
$4.C0O-^-Tremont ave. ; new 2-story ; 8 rooms.
$4, CCO — Frederick, nr. Ash'oury; cottage. -
$21,500— Sixth St., nr. Folsom; 25x120; rents
$105.-
$5,500— Seventh, nr. Folsom; 2 flats.
$18,500— Halght st.; 6S:9xl37:6; 4 houses.
$27,500 — Fulton-st. corner, nr. ,Clty Hall; Im-
proved.
$15,000 — Devlsadero-st. corner; store and flats.
?25,000 — Devisadero St.; store and flats; rents
$.1800.
$47.000— Polk st.; stores, etc.: SO feet frontage.
$12,000— Fell, nr. Market; 4 Hats: rents $00.
$S,700 — Webster, nr. Halght; 2 flats; rents $65.
$S,500— Sacramento; 4 flats; rents $si; 32xl2h.
$13,000 — Broderlck, nr. Sacramento; 3 flats;
rents ?105.
. f.">,500—^Jackson; marine view corner; 2 flat p.
$3,750 — Bush nr. Devisadero; 2 flats; stable.
KtU.GOO— Polk. nr. Ell Ik ; 0 fiats; rcnt».$2400.
$17,500— Golden Gate ave., nr. Octavia; 37:0x
- - 120; 5 flats.
$15,000 — Vallejo, nr. Hyde; new flats; rents
$140.
$5,250— Buchanan, nr. Bush; 2 flats.
$16,500 — Montgomery nve. ; stores, etc.; 4-story
brick; rent $120.
$10,750— Washington, nr. Hyde; 3 flats; rents
$97.
$17,500— Leavenworth. nr. Clay; 3 flats; rents
$137.
$42,500— Ellis, nr. Larkin; rents $3C00.
$<i,000 — Dcloies-st. corner; 50 feet: rents
$52 50. • -
$:{,300— Alvarado, nr. Sanchez; new, 6 room*
and bath. ]
$4,000— element st. ; 4 flats; rent $40.
W. J. GUNN, — —
530 CALIFORNIA STREET.
- (Savings Union Building.)
$4000 — Very cheap; a choice property on Point
Lulios ave. (the continuation of Geary
' . st.); well- located; on sunny side;, close
to 3 lines of cars; 2-»tory. well-built
frame build int;: large lot, . 45x100 ; store
on corner; at a moderate expense can bs
changed into flats end store enlarged;
$7500 was offered and refused for. this fine
corner; all street work done; salt water
plpen in. front; no such bargain as this Is
Offered; a fine buy. . ¦
$17o0t— Union 6t. (sunny side), noar Broderick;
. 115x100 ; grand marine view; tine improve-
' merits to t'o up on adjoining lot just sold;
easy terms; $250 down. $40 per month;
ready for building: cheapest lot In W. A.
$.*!3C0— -Business corner on Union St.: 25x100.
$3750 — Clement St.; *unny side; elope In; tt
lots; 81x115; now required for business;
cars pa?s.
$1900—2 choice lots; 50x120: east line Eleventh
ave., .just north of Clempnt St.; high
¦ ground, shewing the marine view; block
fas=t building up with first-clans houses;
$150 first payment: fine buy for builder.
$65CC — Larkin Ht.; 2 flats, 7 ¦ rooms each; lot
41:3 frontage; grand marine view; rents
$45: very cheap.
XV. J. GUNN,
530 CALIFORNIA STREET.
BOTTLERS, Stablemen and Manufacturers,
Attention!
Nearly 22.000 square feet with 100 feet of
frontage on two main streets.
Covered with improvements that can be used
for business purposes.
CLOSE TO DOWNTOWN.
PRICK. $30,000.
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS. V
- - ' _J 5 Montgomery st.
$000—6 LOTS Excelsior Homestead, nr. Silver
ave. and Mission road; fine spring -of water.
$HCfi — Cheapest corner in Richmond: 49x100;
Clement St.: sewered, graded; on car line.
$400 — A bargain In Sunset; 25x119; 13th
"ave., near L St. ; a delightful view.
$400 — Only; a NE. corner on Market st.
and 3fith ave.; 125x124; grand ocean view.
$80 each— Some choice level lots now In gar-
den; 2uxl24; near good road and ocean beach.
CHAS. XV. POPE, owner, 11 Montgomery st.
CALIFORNIA House Wrecking Co. pays th«
highest price for buildings and will wreck
the largest building completely -within 10
days. Nct-thwezt corner Mission and Tenth
ets., efflce and yard. .:. ,
$150 EACH— 2 lots on Buena Vistn ave., 2
blocks of 2fllh and Mission: easy t:rms. D.
COFFIN & CO.. 3303 Mission st. .
BUILD on your unimproved realty; we loan
full cost Improv. and part lot at C per cent.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building.
CHIMNEY tops set ud, roofs repaired by
Ahlbach & Mayer, plumbers. 836 Howard st.
LOTS. N or S side of Golden Gate Park, pur-
chased by XV. J. GUNN. MO California »t.
PQIXT RICHMOXn REAL ESTATE.
WATER front lots and bargains; all tracts:
maps, photos, etc. BELL, 417 Parrott bldg.
4 LOTS cheao for cash. 32S Bush st.. room
4, third floor. ' m ¦ ¦
REAL ESTATE — Conntry — For Snle>.
718 ACHES near Mayfleld. 11 miles from Saa
Jcse: lot) acres 'full bearing prunes; ]&.rg»
vineyard; all good land; water piped every-
where; Immense concrete reservoirs; fine
houses, etablrs. barns, etc.; fenced In 5 fields;
tOEt $lfiO.0OO; price $50,000. THORNE *
KILPATRICK. U12 Bush si. San Francisco.
IN ¦ Elmhurst — $3250; for sale on account of
foreclosure of mortgage; 10-room house; 0
lots: containing fruit orchard, barn, well.
Call on G. BREESER. 12 Mission St., S. F,
fib A MONTH buys a 10-acre farm.
$200 profit per annum per acre. I
Write for booklet. It's free. eO3 J st.
WRIGHT & KIMBROUOH. Sacramento. Cal.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards: Inspected bargains; monthly cata-'
logues sent fret. CM. WOOSTEIi CO.. CIS
Market St.". .¦-¦.-.•¦"
A— EMPORIUM Stomge & Van Co.; furniture,
household goods . vtored, moved, shipped. .725-
731 Howard. St.. nr. Third: phone Grant Hil.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
fice Post and Powell. him.; tel. Prive. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'S storage— Furniture and merchan-
dise. S3.1 Golden Gate ave.; phone East IX
GOLDEN West ¦ Storase; » advance* made; 840
Mission et.; tel. Howard 041... F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore. Bt.; phone Jackson 231:
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
r Et.: tel: Main 1S40. Shipping at cut ratts
STUTTERING : ASP gTAMHgUHIO.
MELBOURNE School. Van Ness-Market — Curs
¦ -¦ in «very case ; ; Individual teaching ; no , medi-
cine. Inquire into wonderful cure»; homo cu**."
PERSONALS. ' 1
GRADUATES of New York School of Massage.
Osteopathy, vapor and electric baths; face
vibrating machine for rheumatism: genuine
tubs, hot and cold water; trained nurses as
attendants. Prof, and Mrs. Morris, 40<i Geary.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores' gray hair. Im-
proves Its growth, stops falling, cures dandruff
and itching scalp; 'no stain: or stickiness;
cleanses scalp; at druggists', hairdressers';
accept no substitute. Star Remedy Co..* 133S
Polk st.
A NEW Idea In Jewelry and Central American *
curios, Indian curtains, draperies, shawls,
etc.; the only store In the city -that carries
this. FROWISS & SON, 1239 Polk, nr. Sutter
; NOT how cheap but how good Is the motto of
the manufacturers of the Rapid Rotary
Standard, the sewlng-machtno of to-day. J.
XV.. EVANS, agent. 1021 Market »t. '
PHYSICIAN. 15 years' experience, cures per-
manently morphine, cocaine habit. , Call or
address Central Pharmacy, 251 Grant ave.,
corner Sutter St.; fee moderate.
MRS. EATON, electric needle specialist, has
moved to 309 Sutter. Lincoln blk.. room COD.
MISS EATON to 233 Geary, room 38.
SPECIAL OFFER for 1 mo. :" ladies' suits made
to order: flrrt-class work; $10: with material.
furnished $20 up. At M. WILSON. 380 Geary.
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drugs dis-
eases positively cured by Willow Bark Co.,.
1S39 Polk wt.: consultation free; call or write.;
LIQUOR habit cured In 2 days or no charges;
guaranteed. Acme Liquor Cure Co.. 997 Mar-
ket st.. room 203; phone South 751.
IAT less than cost, uncalled for suits, overcoats,
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor. 721 Market st.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday, Saturday, Sun-
day evgs.. Teutonia Hall. Howard St.. near
9th: Prof. Foster; Bociety dancing taught.
SUPERFLUOUS ! hair, moles perm, removed
by electrolysis. Mrs. L. B. Johnson. 139 Post.
ALL bills against 411 Sutter St., FRED LOVE,
be In by Tuesday morning.
Bon Marche Pants Co. ; special $5 pants to or-
df r. Rooms 14 & 16. 40 Ellis. Tel. Dnimm 44.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN A CO.. 733 Mkt.
SUPERFLUOUS hair &¦ moles removed byelec-.
trie needle. Dr. A- Mrs. Traverse. 1170 Market.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 60; dress pants $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bu»h and Dupont.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1; at all druggists'.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market. St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 n. in.
A XEEK'S news for 0 cenU— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for'maillng. $1 per year.
PHYSICIANS AXD SURGEONS.
DR C. C. O'DONNELL — Office and residence.
1021% Market St.. bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
DR. M. MATSUDA has returned from Orient.
Now at SE. corner Geary and Taylor sts.
BLOOD skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073H Market «st. ¦
REMOVED — DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at 667 Geary St.. near Leavenworth.
DR. TONG PO CHY. successor to Dr. LI Po
Tal. herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas,. 727 Washington st.
WONO WOO. the famous herb doctor — All dis-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay st.
TYPEWRITERS AjKD^SUPPLIES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No. I
Smith Premier. $26: other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 50. The
Typewriter Exchange. 538 California st.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; get par-
ticulars of L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gomery 8t.
A typewriter at any price; agents Fay-Sholes,
$100: Sun. $40: Commercial. $35: Postal.. $25.
CUNNINGHAM. CURTIPS & WELCH.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriting Inspec. Co.. 503 Market.
SPECIAL .\OT1CES.
NOTICE — The secretary of the Saa Francisco
Protestant Orphan Asylum Society herewith
gives notice that the following^ orphan and
half-orphan girls and boys have been ad-
- mittfd to the asylum on Halght st. from
Joly 1. lfl03. to January 1, 1904: Josephine
V. Johnson, 7 yrs. 10 mos.: Neta G. Johnson.
5 yrs. U mos.; Florence Williston, 5 yrs. 8
mos.; Ruth G. Estee. 10 yrs.; Ora M. White,
9 yrs. 7 moi. ; Martha Goessel. 3 yrs. 9
mos.: Fannie Ambler. 11 yrs 6 mos.: Laura
Ambler. 9 yrs. (J mos. ; I Helen Bett, 7 yrs. . 9
mos. ; Eva Daniels, 2 yrs. 4 mos.: Katie L.
Kchmldt, 3 yrs. 11 mos.: Eureelee Winning-
ham, 7 yrs. 4 mos.; Elizabeth A. Helberg. 3
yn«. 7 mos.; Cecil C. Williston, 7 yrs. 7 mos.;
Edgar J. Mayers, 4 yrs.; Herman Lindner, 4
yrs 1 . 11 mos.; Jame* R. I. Davis, 6 yrs. '6
mos.: William L. Estee. 9 yrs. 10 moi,;
Willard E. Estee. 4 yr». 3 mos.: Gustav
Dlefrenl)acker, 7 yrs. ; Norman L. Abbate. 7
yrs. S mos. • (
THE Pacific Hebrew Orphan Asylum and Horn?
Society hereby gives notice that they have
admitted into the orphanase from July 1.
ISO.'!, to January 1. lt:O4. the following-
named orphan* and half-orphans, boys and
girls, viz.: Rebecca Rabinowltz, aced S
yrs. 4 mos. ; Tony Rnbinowl tz. aged 5 yrs. 0
mo.«. : Li'.lie 'Gcldbers. aged S yrs. 4 moi.;
Rosi» Gcldbrru. aged 0 yrs: Israel Forman.
aged 4 yrs. 5 moi=. ; Rebecca Fabian, aged !
yr*. 2 rpOF. : Philip Fabian, aged 7 yrs. 1»
mos.; Fanny Fabian, aged 0 yrs. 3 mos.:
Julius C.hon. a:?d 4 yrs. S mos.; Pauline
. flhir.eburg. 11 yrs. 3 mos.
NOTICE la hereby given that the Maria Kip
Orphanage of 520 Lake et.. San Francisco,
has received the following orphan antl half-
orphan girls from July l. 1903. to January
1 1904: Violet K. Lundberg. t! years; Ma-
bel Campbell. 12 years; Margaret Campbell,
» years: Amy K. Rice. 8 years; Bessie E.
Cook 12 years; Elizabeth Kerr. 4 years;
Annie Herrold. 12 years; Elizabeth Herrold,'
10 years; Ida Herrold. 9 years; Alice Her-
rold 8 years: Hilda Herrold, 4 years: Ida
Rule 9 years; Mabel E. Rule. 7 years; Dor-
othy R. Au Buchon. 12 years; Ruth* Lo_ul;e
Au Buchon. 8 years: Thelma Haven. 4 years.
THE following fchlldren have been entered l jt
the San Francisco Nursery for Homeless
Children: George James Miller, age 1 year;
Anita Mulligan, age ."iVi years; Joseph Mulli-
gan, age 3',i year*, and Veronica Mulllgin,
age 2 ycarf. all half orphans.
Ladle*! . Chichestor's English Pennyroyal Pills
I arc best: safe, i "liable: take no other. Send 4c
stamps for particulars. "Relief for Ladles"
In letter by return mail. Ask your druggist.
¦ cr.iichcstor Chemical Co.. Philadelphia, Pa.
i , LEGAL ADVEHTISEMEXTS.
i ct^ru^vL~TA^n^Tc~jtX^^
! FIRST REFUNDING MORTGAGE BONDS—
1 Notice Is hereby given that, pursuant to the
provision of Article Eight of the mortieaite
from this Company; to the Central Trust Com.
pany of New York. Trustee, dated August 1,
1 1699. this Company has set apart out of the
n*t Income derived by It from the lines of
railroad therein mortgaged the sum of Twen-
ty-five thousand dollars in tru;c to be used
to redeem said bonds, and that borids Issued
, under said -mortgage will be redeemed . there-
with snd bids are hereby Invited for the sur-
render of such ljonds at prices to be named by
the bidders, to the amount requisite to ex-
haust said sum. Such bids should be pre-
' tented to this Company at Its ofttce, 120
Broadway, in the City of New York, on or
¦ before the lft day of February, 1904. at
'. twelve o'clock noon, fend should be indorsed
"Bids for Surrender of Central Pacific Rail-
way Company First Refunding BonJs."
' CENTRAL PACIFIC RAILWAY COMPANY.
By E. H. HARRIMAN, President.
New York. January '1. 1904.
• THE firm heretofore existing under the name
and style of D. BeP.nominl & Co., and doing
business at 301-3U9 Hayes St.. in city and
county of San Francisco, Is this day dls-
i solved by mutual consent, A. Ghlanda and
D. Puccinelli . having purchased the entire
interest of D. Bellnomln!, and will continue
the business at the same place.
(Slrrnsd) D. BELLNOMINI,
Jan. 4, lOOt. A. OHIANDA.
¦ THE copartnership heretofore existing be-
tween ROMAN PRYOR and ' W. H.
SCHOLTZ, carpenters, has this day been
¦dissolved by mutual tconsent. Dated at San
i . Francisco. Cal., January 2, 1904.
• W. H. SCHOLTZ.
' *SE aL -1 • R- PRYOR. ¦'.
> DIVIDEND KOTICE9.
[ DIVIDEND NOTICE— Th« Nevada National
Bank- of San Francisco: At a regular, meet-
, Ing of the' board of directors of this bank,
held January 6, 1004. a dividend was. de-
clared for the half year ending December
, 31. 1003, at the rate of seven (7) per. cent
1 per annum, payable on and after the. 15th
lnst. ; transfer books will • be . closed from th«
" 10th to the 15th lnst., both days Inclusive.
' GEORGE GRANT. Secretary.
, San Francisco, January 5, 1904. .. . ¦..'''•
SAN FRANCISCO and Suburban Home Build-
ing Society. 6th floor. Mutual Savings Bank
• .' building, 708 Market et.,- opposite Third—
For the half-year ending Slst of December.
1903. a 'dividend has been declared '• at " the
| rate per. annum of (12) ¦ twelve per . cent > on
! capital stock and participating certificates.
free of -taxes, payable on and after. SATUR-
DAY. January 2, 1904. JOSEPH A. LEON-
ARD, Manager. HUGH CRAIG, Secretary."
MISC13LLAMSOCS FOR SALE.
BOILEHS. engines. 2a-hand^machinery. McI2s£ <
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-187 Fremont at.
TRY ASBESTO& roof ralnt and be convinced
that it Is the only paint that will stop all
leaks in any roof, either metal or shingle; It -
is also the best preservative paint for all new '
- metal and shingle roofs, and makes the roof
last over twice as long than painted with
any other paints: it has no equal. Office, 411)
California St., room 21; telephone James 571b.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair it with elaterite; In rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating: good over old
Iron, tint- or shingles; best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFINO CO.. 713 Market «t.
ID-HAND machinery, boilers, engines, pumps, I
pulleys, shafting, etc.. etc., bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; eee Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY CO/. 130-132 Beale st.
FOR SALE: — A ru-Et-class. large burglar-proof
.Waltz safe In perfect condition. Apply to
S. S. AUSTIN, Real Estate Agent. Twenty-
third eve.. East Oakland.
A— Fine suits. $7 50; dress pants, J2 50. Origi-
nal Misfit Clothing Parlors. 238 Kearny «t..
near Bush; open to 9 p. m.. Sunday to noon.
A— Buys, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
SELLING out Roller Canary birds; males and
females; also Goldfinch Canary mules. 31CS
Sixteenth Et.
50 HEAD calves, from C months to 12 months
old. In fine condition. Apply at 1421 Buchan-
an tt. J. LEIPSIC.
TYPEWRITERS, elightlyused. sold at cost; |
new Underwood visible typewriter catalog
tent free. R. E. Revalk & Co.. San Francisco.
ALTERATION sale— Best 52 50 ~ats, *1 50.
Popular Price Hatter, 330 Kearny st. near
Pine: open to 8p. m.; Sundays to noon.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-form shofs at $2- 60a we pay express
charges. 11 3d St.. Exam, bid. : catalog free.
Site ROLL and up; fine wall paper; samples
mailed; painting, tinting, papering. M. MER-
1GAN, 1302 Webster. Tel. Jackson 1321.
A NO.' 1 fresh Durham cow, milks 18 quarts
rich milk daily; pentle ; sell or trade for dry
cow. ICiW Saa Bruno ave. •
$15 — DOMESTIC wwing machine; 5 drawers; in
good r.rder; complete. 1915 Mission 6t., near
Fifteenth.
A FINE selection of trunks, suit cases and
ts.ilor-marte suits ?old on small weekly pay-
ments. Misfit Clothing Parlors, 25 Stockton.
4-HORSE boiler and .i-horse steam engine; used
little; cheap. Call l.*593 Valencia st.
THREE beautiful cocker spaniel pups; one
brown and two black. 79 City Hall ave.
SAFES and cash registers, new and second-
• hand. 1. FREEMAN. 1329 Market st.
SAILING ark for- fishing and hunting. .J'-S
Bush ft., third floor, room 4.
SOME gocd Eecond-hand gasoline engines, & to
12 H. P. cheap. E. B. Beck & Co.. 122 Mkt.
FINE steam automobile: first-class running or-
der. W. V.. 620 Lyon St.. San Francisco.
BLOT machines cheap: Chicagoes, Twentieth
Centuries. Pucks. BACIGALUPI. 933 Market.
DESKS and safes; see the complete line at 1816
Market, ab. Van Ness. RICHARDSON BROS.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st.
XEW and second-hand machinery of all kinds.
KROGH MFG. CO.. 518 Market st. '
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rectal;
bargains. Bul!ard & Breck, 131 Post et.
SAFES — New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market st.
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. BacigalupL £33 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sizes. J. E. DOAIC 40 Fremont st.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters: all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montgy.
A WEEV'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
y» pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
aiOXEY TO LQAXj
AX^H^SlA^^^PHYr"
G01-002-OW -Examlnf r bulldmg.
Quick settlements; no disappointment.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
HFtates, second mortcages. undivided Inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property In trust,
etc.; lecacie^, life estates and undivided In-
terests in property purchased. '
Courteous treatment." Strictly confidential.
. When You Need Miwiey - ,
£e« HERMAN MURPHY, .
MONEY leaned to salaried people., retail mer-
' chants, teamsters, boanlinj:- houses, without
security: easy .payments; Largest business In.
4C principal cities. Tolman. 55.T ParroU bidg.
HIGHLY respectable ' private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at 1
per cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
S4C Market: tel. Mc'.n 1644. Branch, 19 Third.
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL LOANS on rur-
niture, piar.ra. or to salaried people on thfir
note: proper treatment iruaranteed. ILLINOIS
TRUST CO.. r. 10. Phelan bid . tel. Main 704.
A — 1 per cent on furniture or piano; no remov-
al, n.' commission, no publicity: ?25 up; quick,
private, confidential. 20 Montgomery, rm. 7.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 10.1 Grant ave.,
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10.000.
MONEY to loan on low interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
NEW easy method — To wage-earners on unln-
dorsed notes: absolute privacy. Fidelity Loan
Company, room.* 4S-49. Chronicle bldg. .
TO salaried people without security: on furni-
ture; Indorsed note* and other security. S. F.
Discount Agency. 143 Pbelan building.
AT lowest rates on furniture ar.d pianos; -jtrlct
privacy ;no commission installments accepted.
BQKTLLI. 301 £ddy« Conservatory building.
AJ^TY f-iim on furnitures or oi&nos: do removal;
lowest rate; easy payments; no commission.
1170 Market St.. room GS.
ALL loans en diamonds and Jewelry 2 ner cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 538 Kearny.
2% ON furniture & pta^?; $15 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAlN. room 81. 6 Eddy si.
1 PHll cent on furniture or piano. ¦ 1003 Mu-
tual Savings Bank bldg., 708 Market ct. '
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employe?. R.SU. Mutual Sav. Bk.bld.
CASir loan?d salaried people on notes without
lndorser. MORELL. Wfl Examiner building.
MVSICAI. INSTRUMENTS.
OUR low i>rice sale has been so successful
during the past week that we shall continue
it for one week loncer, as many who have
been locking have not been abls to dose.
Remember that all our pianos are Included
In the ofTer. Easy payments If desired. THE
ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC COMPANY. 7CU
Market et.
A FINE lot of bargains in second-hand pianos,
including such makes as Etelnway. Halnes
Bros.. Knabe. Baus. Fester, Weber, Star.
Marshall A- Wendell, Sterling and other
makes. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 10 O'Far-
rell ct. ; no branches In San Francisco.
ALL maker; a list of 20 pianos under $100; 50
pianos from $100 to $2O0 and 200 pianos from
$200 up. Wa rent pianos good enough for
practice from $1 up. HEINE PIANO CO.,
2:Jj-2;{7 "Geary ft.,' largest piano and piano
player dealers of the West.
JUST arrived. 3 carload3 new pianos, for rent
$; vaa.; 11 good second-hand pianos to be
hold at cost. Scott -Cartaz. SCO Hayes rt.
FINE upright piano for sale, on account of
leaving town. Apply Cumberland Hotel,
corner Bush and Leavenworth st?. ¦
A FEW unredeemed storage pianos (also fur-
niture) will be' sold to pay storage dirt cheap.
WHITEHEADS storage. 1636 Market st.
A FISCHER upright piano for sale; rood as
new; Sia.%. 'jsi Geary et.
$C5— UPRIGHT piano; Steck mahogany; nearly
new. HORXUXG BROS., 216 McAllister st.
ALMOST new upright: cheap; cash or' IdsuTu
ment. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister tt. :..-
BEAUTIFUL 3-pedal Steinway upright piano;
perfect order; sacrifice. KeefTe's.285 O'Farrell.
BOHMER. Byron Mauzy pianos. Ceclllan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. SOS-312 Post st
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
CHEAPEST and best in America — The Week'.y
Call. 16 pages, ser.t to any address In the
lTntt»d Ptntes e>r Onai.t one yenr for $1.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
ELEGANT office at Edinburgh; cor. Powell
and Geary. f»P. St.. Francis. - <
NICE fine office to let: also fiaa front, desk
room. Call at 419 California st.. room 21.
» PALMISTRY.
MME. DEVAS. scientific palmist and nstrolo-
glst; palm ¦ readings $1; 3 Questions* by ex-
press, $1; open, Tuesday eve." also. 139 Post st.
MME. NEERGARD; located'at 242 Post; hours
1 to 8 dally. Phone ' James \. Classes: ¦ - • - ;
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. SIS
Taylor et.. near Geary. Phone Slack 58L",'
F J. MON'AHAN. Manager. TeL Mission 31.
MQNAHAN, O'HARA & CO.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3,
Z339-Z341 Mission st.. near Nineteenth.
San Francisco. / ,
ALAMEDA AD VERTIS'MENTS !
: — _ _ — ; — -i: — — - — : i
ALAMEDA UEAL ESTATE.
$3200— HOUSE of 7 rooms; lot 50x125: over- .
looking the bay; fine location: $1000 cash. J. A
H YOUNG. 1243 Park St.. Alameda.
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'M'NTS 1
BKRKEI.EY HEAL ESTATE. '
$18,000-r-FINE business block In North Berke-
ley; pays " per cent on the asking price.
$10,000 — 3* acres In West Berkeley, on railroad
and water front:- fine factory site; two
blocks on railroad In West Berkeley;
will rent for term of years; this Is an
ideal factory site.
•6 qr.K) — 4 acres on Clairmont ave. ; fine rest*
dence district.
S600 for let one block from car lines.
$a5o for aero lot adjoining U. C./grounds.
$2,000 for a 5-room house In Bateman tract,
one block from Colleze ave.: lot 60x120;
street -work done; this is a fine buy; we
have a fine list of properties and will
be nleased to show them on : applica-
tion. . v
CHENEY A- BERRY, P. O. Block.
. Berkeley. Cal. r
A FEW SNAPS.
$3700— 7- room house; 1 ( year built and all
furniture complete: range; dishes and all; lot
42x120, and stable; situated at 1927 Fairview
st; : 1 block from cars. 2 blocks from Lorin
station. f '
$2800— A neat nice C-room cottage and corner
lot; size 50x100; fctreet work complete; electric
cars pass door; only 3',J blocks from Afhby
station. Berkeley: situated at 2S2S Grove st. :
efms can be had. i
$2125 — A nice 2-story house of 7 rooms and
stable; lot 50xT40: street work- complete; 1
block of electric cars and only a short distance
from station; well worth $:}000; call and In-
spect at once.
L. J. MORAN & CO..
21.'!1 Shattuck ave.. Berkeley station.
BARGAINS- 4 - We buy, sell, exchange or build.
MURDOCK & CO., Lorln Station/Berkeley.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$250 CASH. $6 monthly: neat, cozy new-
built cottage, eurrounded by Immense laurel
and oak trees: running stream of mountain
water;, eandy lcam soli "li to 10 feet deep;
lovely surroundings; section building up rap- ¦
idly; near car line; line school house; good
substantial Community: see It and you will
' buy It, sure; -adjoining East Oakland; away
from cold , winds and fog; . price all told.
$ti75; 2 lotn, 50xlC0. Call or send for cir-
cular 455 Seventh st.. opp. Broadway sta-
tion, Oakland; carriage free. H. Z. JONES,
Owner. » n • '
$58C0 ONLY for 2 fine 9 and 10 reom houses
In good location: rent about $G0 per month.
P C LASSEN & CO.. 460 Tenth St., Oak-
land. Cal.
UAKLAMJ ia'R.\lTUHKJJUKJ»Al ! B.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furni-
ture. H. Schellhaas. 11th *t..cor.«tore.Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
ELLIS. 1000 — 2 larc« furnished rooms for
housekeeping; gas, phone, bath; $13.
GEARY. 1002 — Nicely furnished sunny rooms,
en suite or single; housekeeping privileges;
running water; gas: reasonable.
HAIGHT. 228— .'I cr 4 lovely housekeeping
rooms: gas and bath; rent reasonable.
HARTFORD^ to! bet. Seventeenth and Eight-
eenth — 3 sunny housekeeping rocms;tiew Hat.
IVY ave., 4U— 2 sunny front rooms, unfur-
nished: near St. Ignatius Church. |
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments, 1.140 Pine »t..
near Hyde — Sunny 3-room furnished suites;
Fteam beat: electric lighted; free baths;
rates ?30 up. '
MISSION. 2U22 — 3 sunny rooms for housekeep-
ing; gas range.
MODEL House, 1206 Stockton — Ntwly furnished
hskpg.. single rms.. $5-$12; gas, bath, phone.
POLK. 1020. near Geary— Neatly furutihed
front housekeeping rooms; reasonable.
SEVENTH. 101 — Nice sunny rooms for house-
keeping.
SUTTER. 2C20 — Furnished bedroom, dining-
room, kitchen: yard; bath; use parlor.
TWO eunr.y furnished rooms for housekeeping;
coal stove. 100 Eleventh st.
A BRANCH of fie*, ior Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109tl
Valencia »t. .
; .APARTMEirr HOUSES.
; EL CARMELO— Beautiful apartment house;
; just completed. 1719 Washington St.. near
Van Ness ave.: 3, 4, 5 iml .6 rooms and bath
with each: finished In natural woods; tiled
I bath rooms, etc.: genteel residence location;
; convenient to car lines; rooms large and
sunny; must be eeen to be appreciated.
' MONTCLAIR APARTMENTS^
! Comer Pine and Taylor sts.: beautiful new
, modern apartments: all sunny corner suites;'
1 furnished or unfurnished: none superior; ma-
j rine view." 1 LYON & HOAG, 116 Montgomery.
I I ~ THE GABLEsT ~
Cor. Clay and Larkin sts. — Modern 3-4-5-room
up-to-date apartments; furnished or unfur-
nished: oil latest conveniences; . reservations
can be made on premises, t to 4; terms reas,
ST. CECILE. US Fell, above Van Ness— The
acme of perfection in elegantly furn. ."-room
, apartments; private baths, steam heat. elec.
lights, elevator, gas ranges; *:;<} to $55.
ST. LOUIS. 1575 ~Jackscn St.— llodern 3-4-5
I rooms, al«> single; furnished or unfurnished; 1
marine view; now open; references,
AUGUSTINE. lMS^Post— ii ahd 4 rooms; fur-
nifhed new and up to date.
i ' HADDON HALL.
¦ S51 EDDT ST. REFERENCES.
APARTMENTS WAHTED.
r — ¦ — 1 , .
. WANTED — An apartment of 4 rooms furnished
; complete: state. price and location. Box 251^
C?ll office. " s
i — * ¦ ¦
FURNISHED li-room apartment wanted; close
. In. Box 253. Call office. ¦
" ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and I'nfurn
.
• AURORA, corner Second and Folsom sts. — New
• hcuse. new furniture: every 'room outside;
' 'modern and sunny: prlcea ' from SI 5O per
' week up: this is the only up-to-date bouso In
' this vicinity; first-class grill attached.
: A— BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth *t.— Room
25c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week and
llfeht housekeeping rooms; open all night.
• ABERDEEN. S-16 Sutter — Just opened: hand-
somely fur.: cor. suites: bath; sun all day:
fine view; eingle rms. ; tourists; excl. location.
'. AT "The Almonte," 87a Market st. (or No. I
Fifth rt.)— Rooms. 25c. 50c. $1. $1 30 night;
$1 SO to $10 week; house open all night.
AT the Pierpont. 430 Ellis— Newly furnlsned
• . rms.; elevator: hot t cold water: transient.
BUSH. 012. near Jones — Private residence: 3
• exceptionally large connecting unfurnished
rooms; carpets and curtains; every modern
: convenience;, .2 very handsomely furnished
rooms (renovated), bath attached; references.
. BURNETT. 1420 Market (old No. 1364) — Fur-
nished rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
»¦ CLIFFORD. 204 Elll«. corner Mason — Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms: prices reasonable.
' FRANKLIN, 721. nr. O. Q. ave.— Sunny, furn.
J front rooms; suitable for 2; all conveniences.
f GEARY. 878 — Sunny front room; $9 per month.
" GRAND Southern. '7th and Mission — Rooms 50c
to $1 50 night; $1 to $3 week; reading-room.
- HOWARD, l.'tlO— Single sunny front room,
nicely furnished; gentleman 6r lady.
LARCHMONT SCI Sutter — Sunny rooms; elec-
tric lights: elevator: central; transient.
.. LARKIN. 017 — Nice sunny rooms; bay-window
and single . rooms.
MANHEIM, (SS2 Sutler— Sunny front rooms;
5 strictly first class; transient.
MINNA, ¦ 741, near Ninth— Large front suite
.of rooms; well furnished: rent #10. . ,,-v; .
ROYAL House. 128 Ellis — Incandescent lights..
I reading-room. 'smoking-room and -ladles' par-
lor: rooms per night. 35c. to $150; week. Y2
. to $8; month. $S to $30; elevator on ground
- 'floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.;
.* ST. JAMES. McAllister and Laguna— A sunny
furnished single: room: -'rent $7. •'-:;> •' - /
5 _ .
. BUTTER,' r 1022 V4.: near" Hyde — 2 ;large runny
-parlors and kitchen or laboratory; gas grate.
• THE FREMONT, 1S64 MARKET ST.— Strictly
; first-class elegantly furn. ; rooming hotel.
' « Tel. South 1133. Capt. H. 0. Ulberg. Prop. -
- TO let— -Rooms; single or en suite; all. modern
. Improvements; • board optional; ¦• near/ Ingle-
- , side racetruck.V, Box 267.;Call. ._,-.;
- TURK, 724%-rNewly furnished sunny 'rooms;
.'I single or en suite. :-:'Vy
electric funeral car from corner Eighteenth
and Guerrero streets at 2:30 p. m. . Re-
mains will be at his late residence. 129
Haisht street, until 12 o'clock. Tuesday.
JLAKE— In City and County Hospital. Janu-
ary 11. 1U04. Patrick Blake, a native ot Ire-
land, aged 40 years.
JLEE— In City and County Hospital. January
1CV, 1904. "William Blee. a native of Canada,
aged 33 years.
tRODER — In this city. January 10. 1904.
Patrick Broder husband of the late Brldset
Broder. and father of John P.. Cornelius D
and Mrs. William Purcell. a native of
County Kerry Ireland, aged 80 years.
CTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-
day (Tuesday), at 9:20 o'clock, from nls
late resilience. 9% Welch street, thence to St.
Rose's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery by train from Third and
Towsend streets at 11 :30 a. m.
TAZNEAU — Entered into rest, January 11.
1904, Cella. beloved wife of the late Will-
iam L. Caxneau, and mother of William L..
Edward. Mtlvlll. Eugene. Julia and Linda.
Cazneau. a native cf California, aged 4'J
years.
.'OMMERFORD — In this city. January 10.
1SO4, Catherine, beloved wife of the late
Patrick Commerford, and beloved mother or
Mollle A.. John J.. James A. and Jeremiad
L. Commerford and the late Michael F.
Commerford, a native of Cashel. County
Ttpperary. Ireland, aged 53 years 2 month* «
and 15 days.
tJf Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Wtrdnes-
day. at l> o'clock n. m.. from her late resi-
dence. 1.131 »i California street, thence to
St. Mary's Cathedral. Van Ness avenue and
O'Farrell street, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her eoul. commencing at 9:3O o'clock
a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
:OURTNEY— In Alameda. January 10. 1904,
Honora M.. wife of the late Lawrence F.
Courtney, and beloved mother of Mrs. Dan-
iel W. Courtney. Joseph. William P.. Al. U
and Thomas Courtney Mrs. Thomas W.
Steel and the late Frank and Lawrence
Courtney, aged t>7 yeara 6 months and IS
days. (Tlffln. Ohio, and Fort Wayne. Ind..
papers please copy.)
CTFuneral will be held Tuesday. January
12 from the home of her daughter. Mrs.
Thomas XV. Steel. 1511 Fifth street. Ala-
meda, thence ta St. Joseph's Church, comer
of Chestnut and San Antonta, streets, where
. a requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul, commencing at 10:3O
o'clock. Interment at St. Mary's Cemetery.
DRYSTIE — In Oakland. January 10. 1004,
Ellen Crystie. beloved mother of Joseph M.
Crystie, a native of Ireland, aged 79 years. t
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
January 12. *t 8:30 a. m.. from her late
residence 518 Twentieth street, thence ta
St Frances de Sales Church, where a.
solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her eoul. commencing at 9 a. m.
Interment at St. Mary's Cemetery. Oakland.
ELLIOTT— In Berkeley, January 11. 1904;
entered Into rest, at the home of her par-
ents 2032 Bancroft way. Kathleen, beloved
daughter of Robert and Isabella. Elliott. a>
native of Wellington. New Zealand, aged 21
years.
FAHEY — In this city. January 10. 1904.
Bridget beloved wife of Patrick Fahey. and
sister of Patrick and Thomas O'Rourke. a
native of Tlpperary. Ireland, aged 53 years.
(Salem. Mass.. and Chicago papers pleas*
copy)
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invit*? to al^rml the funeral to-
day (Tuesduy). at hTW. a. m.. from the
parlors of McFadden. .MqjBrearty & Green.
1171 Mission street, between Seventh and
Eighth thence to St. Charles Borroiaeos
Church, where a requiem high mass will
be celebrated for her noul, commencing at
9:30 a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
FLAHERTY— Friends and acquaintances ar*
invited to attend the anniversary mass of
Annie Flaherty. Wednesday morning at 9:30
o'clock at St. Agnes Church.
GRADY — In this city. January 11. 19O4.
Margaret Grady. a native of Ireland, aged
G4 years.
HUNT— In this city. January 10. 1904. Marcus
Hunt, a native of Ireland, aged 81 years.
KENNEY — In this city January 10. 1904.
Katr-erlne Frances, beloved wife of William
H Kenney and daughter of Mrs. Saraa
Brennen. a native of New York.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-
day (Tuesday). January VI. at 8 o'cloclc
a. m. from her late residence. 710 Hamp-
shire street between Nineteenth and Twen-
tieth thence to St. Charles Church, corner
of Eighteenth and Shotwell streets, where a,
requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul, commencing at 8:45
o'clock Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by
electrtf car from Eighteenth and Guerrero
elreft<
jAGOMAP.SINO — In this city. January 10.
1904," Giambatista, beloved brother of,
Andrew, Thomas end James Laxomarsino.
and uncle of Joser.h, Bartolomeo, Thomas.
Louis and Victor LaKomarslno. a na.tlv« of
Italy, ased 50 years and 5 days.
JSWIS — In thla city, January 10. 1004, Cif»n»»
A. Lewis, a native of England, aged 74
years.
1.1TTLE — In this city. January 11. 1004.
David, beloved husband of Mary Little, and
father »f Mrs. Margaret Scott, John Little.
Mrs. A«nes Walker. Mrs. Gracie Lacey and
Jessie. George and Annie Little, a native ot
Scotland, aged 61 years :t months and 25
days. <Honolulu papers please copy.) .r iv ~>
C7 Notice of funeral hereafter.
LUND— In Ciiy and County Hospital. January
11, 1004, MariraU C. Lund, a native of Nor-
way, aged 33 years.
UETER — In Oakland. January 11. 1904. Caro-
line, beloved wife of Rev. T. W. Meyer. »n<i
motlur of H. H.. C. C. and Esther Meyer.
' a native of Germany, aged 5t> years 1 month
and 2 days.
UURPHY — In Oakland. January 11. 1»M.
Elizabeth, beloved wife of the late John
Murphy. . and loving mother of Lizzie Mur-
phy, Mrs. Mary Spencer and («>¦ Uto
Joseph L. Murphy, a native of New York
City.
E7Fiiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral .to-
morrow (Wednesday), at 9 o'clock a. m..
from her late re*id?ncet €15 Thirteenth
. Ftreet, thjence to the Church of the Immacu-
late Conception, where a solemn requiam
high mass will be celebrated for the repoa*
of her soul, commenctnc at 9:."i> o'clock.
Interment St. Mary's Cemetery. Oakland.
MULCAHY — In this city, January 11. 1OOI.
Margaret, relict of the late John Mulcahy,
nnd mother of John Mulcahy, Mrs. M. J.
Keller. Hn. Kate Zlmmer. Mrs. Alfred
Growney, Mrs. V. J. Cronln. Mrs. J. R.
Walker and Mrs. P. J. Murray and the late
Rose William*, a native of County Mcatn.
Ireland.
C7Ttif funeral will take place to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8:30 a. m., from her lat»
residence. :HX)'J Harrison •treet, corner
Twenty • sixth. thence to .St. Peter's
Church, where a. requiem ht«h mass will bo
celebrated for tli# repose of her souV. com-
mencing at 9 a. m. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
O'CONNOR — In this city, January U. 1904.
Mansard, beloved wife> of the late J. J-
O'Connor, and slater of Gulla dcaniln, Mrs.
Frank A. Cook, Mrs". James Tuanell. Mrs.
Jchn Gay and the late H. -W. Scanlln and
L. E. Bulkeley. a native of New York City,
aged SO years.
C^Friendj* are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Wednesday), at
8:.'!O o'clock a. m.. from the parlors ot th«
Henry J. Gallagher Undertaking Company.
20 Fifth street, tlunce to Sacred Heart
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing . at 9 o'clock. Interrasnt Holy
Crort Cemetery.
O'ROURKE— In this city. January 10. 10O4.
James, dearly beloved husband of Eater
O'itourke. and brother of Mrs. C. Ai Bayly,
a native of County Lettrlm. Ireland, aged
(S3 years.
' CT'Friends and acquaintances ari» respect-
fuHy Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock a. m.. from th»
parlors -of James McMenomey & Son. 1C57.
Mission street, near Seventh, thence to St.
Patrick's Church, where a requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at »:30 o'clock a. m. Interment
Holy Crcs* Cemetery/ via ll::w a. m.-tratn
from Third and Townsend streets. -
PIKE— In this city. January 10. Mat, Cather-
ine Pike, beloved mother of Joseph W. Pike
of thU city and Mrs. Elizabeth Patton rji
Liverpool. England, and sister of Mrs. KJrj>
M -»Finegan. a native of Carlow. Ireland.
tZrVrwads are respectfully invited to «*•
tend the funeral to-day (Tuesday), at
9 a. m.. from the residence of her «l»trr.
1747 Laguna street, thence to St. Mary's
Cathedral, where a requiem high mass will
be celebrated for the repoae of her soul,
commencing at 9:30 a, n>- Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. *
PLEASANT— la this city, January 11. 1904.
Mary Ellen, a native of Philadelphia, Pa.,
aged SO years 4 month* and '£i days.
REDDING — In this city. January 11. 1904,
Michael Redding, a native of Galway, Ira-
land, aged 5 years.
SAWTfcLLE— In this city. January .11. 13O4.
Luclnda i*. Sawtelle. a .native of Maine.
ar««l tut years 11 months and h days.
SHANLEY — In this' city. January 9. 1904.
Catherine B. Shanley. a native of County
Leltrim. Ireland, aged C9 years.
C7Th*e funeral will take place to-day
(Tuesday), at 8:45 a. m.. from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor A Co.. 76? Mission street.
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where a>
Continued on Pngc Fourteen.
coluhns liliiilliiiiiiSii returns, try itMovements of Steamers.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
lluildlng was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
I c, at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m.. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT,
Lieutenant, U. S. N.. In charge.
Branch Hydrographlc Otflce. U. S. X., Mer
chants', Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
January n, 1904.
Time Ball.
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey chart*, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference la the mean
of the lower low waters.
ARRIVED.
. M jndav, January 11. .
Ger . stmr Eva Peterson 2S!4 days from
Mojl. - ' -. ¦ ¦•¦/
Stmr Sonoma, Herriman, : 20 <Jaya 22 hour*
and 27 mlnutea from Sydney, via Honolulu.' S
days 20 hour* and 37 mlnutea.
Stmr Lakme, Gunderson, 48 hours from San
Pedro, .,
Stmr State of California, Thomas, 40-hours
from San Diego. • • *. ¦ , '
Stmr Hamoa, Madaen, 44 hours from San
Pedro. . . ••-.
¦ ' Stmr Phoenix.- Odland, 32 hours • from * Eu
reka. ..'¦:;,•' . . . ¦ ¦ ' . ¦ -¦
Stmr Iaqua. Jorgensen/ 34 hours from San
Pedro, 1 , . .. • \ ... • . ;'¦ ' .\ •..••*. : - .. '
• Stmr ¦. • Whitesboro, . Olsen, 15 hours * from
Greenwood. . ¦ _- ¦ .: >
tier ship HerzoKln Cecilie, Dietrich. 169, days
"• from Bremerbaven. via.'.' ' South ' Shields, -113
dais. iiWlfllllOn IWliBHilMirfll '"'¦ '
Late Shipping Intelligence.
:¦:'.:¦:.- '¦¦ from Seattle.
Steamer. ' ' I Sails.
Dolphin. Skagway & Way Poets.) Jan. 12
Cottage City.. Skagway & Way Ports. Jan. 15
Santa Ana... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. I Jan.- 16
Farallon.. .... Skagway & Way. Port*. (Jan. 19
Jeanle..". Cooks Inlet & Way Pts.) Jan. 20
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. - .From. , J Due.
Elizabeth Coquille River ....Jan. 12
Centennial.... Seattle & Tacoma...... Jan. 12
Noyo Humboldt Jan. 12
aerbia Seattle " Jan. 12
Tellus Oyster Harbor Jan. 12
Hero Comox Jan. 12
Chlco Coquille River Jan. 12
Rainier I Seattle & Whatcom JaS..12
Del Norte ] Crescent City Jan. '12
Coronado Grays Harbor Jan. 12
W. H. Kruger Humboldt Jan. 12
Nevadan Honolulu & Kahulul... Jan. Vi
Eureka Humboldt Jan. 12
Porno Point Arena & Albion. Jan. 12
Spokane Humboldt Jan. 12
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. |Jan. 12
North Fork. . • Humboldt ..|Jan. 12
Edith Tacoma |Jan. 12
City Puebla. . . Puget Sound Ports (Jan. 13
Bonlta Newport &. Way Ports. Jan. 13
San Mateo.... Tacoma Jan. 14
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & Way Pts. Jan. 14
Point Arena.. Mendoclno & Pt. Arena. Jan. It
Rival Wlllapa- Harbor Jan. 14
S.Monica.... Grays Harbor Jan. 14
Colon New York via Panama Jan. 15
Pomona., Humboldt I..... Jan. 15
Columbia Portland & Astoria Jan. 13
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt- Orford. Jan. 13
Mera Hamburg & Way Pts. Jan. lo
S. Barbara... Seattle & Olympla .... Jan. lft
Czarina Coos Bay Jan. 16
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Ports Jan. 17
Umatllla..... Puget Sound Ports Jan. 17
J. Dollar Seattle & Tacoma Jan. 17
Chehalis Grays Harbor Jan. 17
Titania Nanatmo Jan. 17
O. Lindauer. . Portland «; Astoria Jan. 17
NVwburg Grays Harbor Jan. 18
Centralla Grays Harbor (Jan., 18
A. Maru China & Japan |Jan. 18
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pta.jjan. 18
City Sydney... New York via Panama|Jan. 20
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria |Jan. 20
Queen Puget Sound Ports .... | Jap. 22
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. I Sails.! Pier.
£ 1 1
January 12. I I
San Pedro. ; Grays Harbor I 4 pmipier 2
Coronado... ixra Angeles .Ports. 110 am|PIer 10
W. Kruger. Los Angeles Ports.| 4 pmJFler 2
Coca Bay... San Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 11
North Fork Humboldt .... 5 pm Pier 20
January 13.
G. W. Elder Astoria & Portland 11 amlPier 24
Elirateth.. Coquille River ...| | Pier 20
January 14. I
Eureka.... Humboldt ........ 9 am Pier 13
S.Monica.. Los Angeles Ports. |12 m Pier 2
Spokane. . . . Humboldt 1 :30 p PU-r *
Pomo Pt Arena & Albion 6 pm Pier 2
State Cal.. San Diego k Way. 9 amJPler 11
Centennial. Seattle & Tacoma.. 5 pm|Pler 20
Chico Coquille River .... « pm Pier '£
Noyo...... Humboldt ..|10 am Pier 2
January 15. I I
Rainier Seattle *: Whatcom} 4 pm Pier 10
Coptic China & Japan | 1 pm Pier 40
Serbia Hamburg & Way.jl2 m Pier 19
January - 16.
Pt. Arena.. Pt. Arena & Mdcno 4 pm Pier 2
Kui.ita..... Newpcrt & Way.. 9 am Pier II
San Juan.. N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Rival Witlapa Harbor... 4 pm Pier 20
S. Barbara. Los Angeles Ports. 4 pm Pier 2
* January 17. I ' I ' • ¦
Arcata Coos B. & Pt Orfrd 12 "rnlPier 13
S. Rosa.... San Diego & Way.| 9 am|Pler 11
Pomona Humboldt.. |l:3o p Pier »
January 18. .
Nevadan... Hono. & Kahulul. 2 pm Pier 25
Copjii'.bia.. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Alliance,... Eureka & Coos B. 5 pmjPIer 10
G. Llndauei Grays Harbor 4 pm|Pter 20
January 31.
Umatilla.'.. Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
J. Dollar... Seattle & Tacoma. 10 am Pier 2
Nowburg... Grays Harbor ''...'. 4 pm Pier. 10
Sonoma ' Sydney & Way Pts 2 pm Pier 7
Exports- by the Curacao.
The steamer Curacao, which sailed on Thurs
day for Guaymas and way ports, carried an
assorted merchandise cargo consigned to the
port of destination and the principal Mexican
ports valued at $79,171 and including the fol
lowing : 464 bbls flour, 353 cs canned goods,
462 lbs 8 cs meals. 5524 lbs 10 cs spices, 234
pkgs groceries and provisions, 4918 lbs dried
fruit, 3494 lbs butter, 1384 lbs ham and bacon,
781 lbs tea, 5C0 lbs codfish, 205 pkgs table
preparations, 791 lbd cheese, 2574 lbs raisins,
2117 lbs 256 tins bread. 7550 lbs coffee. 1)95
pkgs fresh fruits, 802 lbs nuts, 231 pkgs
onions, 671 pkgs potatoes, 512 pkgB paste, 35
pkgs olives. 425 lbs lard. 58 cs salmon. 4153
lbs saco. 5603 lbs rice, 5S7 lba candy, 177
gals vinegar, 6260 gals 2 cs wine, 53 ctls bar
ley, 29S lbs lentils, 3 cs champagne, 5 pkgs
liquors, 60 cs mineral water, 129 gals. 107 cs
whisky, 2 pkgs beer. 19 cs spirits, 202 flasks
quicksilver, 24 cs arms and ammunition, 14
bales oakum. 323 pkgs paints and oils, 37 kegs
lead. 4S6 *bdls 151 pes pipe, 59 pkgs paper. 18
pkgs dry goods. 6 - cs boots and shoes. 25 cs
shoe findings, 23 pkira acid, 11 bales hose, 25
pkgs drugs. 8 bbls resin, 60 bxs candles, 34 cs
fuse, 10 pkgs agricultural Implements, 30 pkgs
electrical supplies, 90 bdls S3 pes Iron, 3265
lbs soda. 37 colls wire. 10,725 lbs glucose, 53
pkgs assaying material, 8 pkes car material,
6000 lbs bluestone, 48 pkgs bultdlng material,
427 pkgs nails and spikes, 3S73 bdls- shook*.
12 cs rubber Roods, 23,065 feet lumber. 130
boiler tubes. 125 colls rope, 2 rolls leather,
°000 lbs cement. 92 bars "steel. 1345 pkgs tank
material. 25 bales bags, 24,775 lbs salt hides,
2 bales skins. 18 sks coal. 33 cs tar, 700 lbs
starch, 2 cs hats. 4 cows and 1 horse.
The Alameda's Cargo.
The steamer A'.ameda. which sailed on Satur
day for Honolulu, carried a general merchan
dise cargo, valued at $120,906 and including
the following: ' ,
25 bbls Jlour, 2004 lbs 31 bxs dressed poultry.
120 lbs fresh meat, 5B8 lbs fresh fish, ltt cs
frozen oysters. 1515 pkgs fresh fruits. 151 pkgs
fresh vegetables. 170 pkgs bottled beer, 3fiS5
gals 16 cs wine. 445 ffals 115 cs whisky, 15,410
lbs lard. 13,900 lbs 2 cs codfish. 7CJ) pkRs pota
toes, 28» pkgs onions, 7971 lbs beans. 1076 pkgs
groceries and provisions, 141 cs canned goods.
233 lbs peas, ll»5tJ lbs nuts, 430 lbs tea. 60 pkga
paste 13 cs chocolate, 14 cs champagne, 9 pkgs
mineral water. 13.000 lbs 9 bxs bread, 525 lb*
»ago, M pkgs table preparations, 51.340 lbs salt,
1S46 lbs hops. DO cs 47 pkgs salmon. 9009 lbs
ham and bacon, 8462 lbs butter, 4064 lbs 35 cs
cheese, 2 cs brandy. 3 bbls glucose. 12 ca
liquors 2 bbls alcol.ol, 31 cs spices, 2000 lbs
salt. »13 lbs 10 pkgs candy, 2827 lbs dried
fruit, 20,230 lbs sugar, 261 gala spirits, 6700 lbs
shrimp shells, 61C0 lbs dried fish, 7240 lbs 17
cs millstuffs, 2."j30 lbs raisins, 15,916 lbs 16
pkgB tcbacco, 125 pkgs drugs and sundries. 7 cs
hats. 131 pkgs dry goods, GO cs boots and shoes,
-10 pkgtt electrical supplies. 2S0 pkgs paper. 13S
pkgs paints and oils. 7 cyls ammonia; 7 bales
hose. 17 pkgs Baddlery and harness, 101 sks
coke, 4 bales, twine, 115 bxs candles, 2190 lbs
rosin, 30 bxs soap, 11 bdls brooms, 34$ pes
holler tubes, 27 pkgs leather. 50 coils rope, 6
cs arms and ammunition, 10 cs matches, 23
pkgs machinery, 01 pkgs wagon material, 58
pkgs wire, 3ti5 pes 00 bdls Iron, lu pes 4 bdls
pipe. 12 bxs nails. 1838 lbs 6 sks Feed, 11.664
lbs middlings, 72 ctls wheat, S8 ctls oats, 6C5S
lbs bran. 330 ctls corn, 10 cs fuse.
Son, Moon and Tide.
The British chip Hutton Hall was cleared
yesterday for Liverpool, England, with 6000
bbls flour, 'J0.330 ctls barley, 10.000 ctls wheat,
32,606 cs canned fruit, 80S2 cs canned salmon,
10S.O52 lbs orchilla, 5 bbls catsup, 176 Iog3
hardwood and 31 bbls shells, valued at
$204,983.
General Cargo for England.
Shipping Merchants.
The ship Mary L. Cushing has been chartered
for general cargo from this port to Guam.
The British ship Ben Dears proceeds to New
castle, Australia, in ballast. - . '
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
XEWS OP THE OCEAX.
Big Cargo of Coal.
The German steamship fe\-a, which arrived
yesterday^ 2S;$ days from Mojl, brought 4427
tons of coal.
Fr bark Jean Bart, Callier, 155 days from
Swansea.
Bchr Mary C, Camnbell, 10 hours from
Bodega.
CLEARED.
Monday, January 11.
Stmr Queen, Cousins, Victoria: Pacific Coast
Steamship Co.
Stmr Pomona. Swansen, Kureka; Pac'flc
Coast Steamship Co.
Stmr Coos Bay, NIcolson, San Pedro; Pacific
Coast Steamship Co. - ,
Stmr Lakme. Gundersen, Eureka.
Br shlo Ben Dear*, Thorn, Sydney: Meyer,
Wilson & Co.
Br ship Hutton Hall. Thurber, Liverpool:
G. W. McNcar.
Br bark Inversnald, Rons: Adelaide W. Ross,
master. '
Schr E. B. Jackson, Ma as, Portland; Henry
Wilson.
SAILED.
Monday. January 11.
Stmr Samoa, Madsen, Caspar.
Stmr Pomona, t-wanson. Eureka.
Stmr Greenwood. Jacobs. Albion River.
Stmr Iaqua. Jorgrenson, for Kureka.
Stmr Queen. Cousins, for Victoria and Port
Townsend. ' !
Ger schr Neptun. Meinholz. for Jaluit. - |
Schr Emma Utter. Allen, for Coos Bay.
SPOKEX. i
Per Ger ship HerzoKln Cecllle — Dec 25, 7.K5 j
N 118.21 AV. Br ship Port Stanley. from
Pugret Sound for Taltal.
Per Kr bark Jean Bart — Off Cape Horn. Fr ;
bs.rk I.ia Fontaine, from Antwerp, for Portland; i
oft .Valparaiso (no date), Fr bark Bonchamp,
from Newcastle, Enjcland, fqr San Francisco.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT I.OBOS. 10 p. m., Jan. 11— Weather
Cloudy, wind calm.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TILT.AMOOK — Arrived Jan 2 — Schr Gem.
hence Dec 20.
ASTORIA— Arrived .Tan 11— Stmr Prentiss.
hence Jan 8. » .
SEATTLE— Arrived Jan 11— Stmr Montara.
hence Jan 7: Ger bark Octavta, from Port
Los" Angeles: stmr James Dollar, hence Jan 7.
POINT REYES- Passed Jan 11, 1:40 p. m..
Fr hark Jean Bart, from Swansea, for San
Francisco. ,
TATOOSH— Passed in Jan 11— Schr Ruth E.
Godfrey, from San Pedro, for Ballard; stmr
Oregonlan. henc« Jan 8, for Seattle; stmr Lee
lanaw. from Port Los Angeles for Tacoma.
GRAYS HARBOR — Arrived Jaa It — Schr
Sophie Chrlstenson, hence Jan 1.
JUNEAU — Sailed Jan 10. midnight — Stmr
Bertha, for Seattle.
. PORT BL-AKELEY — Sailed— Jan 11 — Schr
C. S. Holmes, for San Pedro; Fr bark Mezly,
for Noumea. * *"- ¦ h
REDONDO— Sailed Jan 11— Schr Irene, for
Astoria; »chr Commerce, for Columbia River.
EUREKA — Arrived Jan 10 — Stmr Pasadena,
from San Pedro; stmrs Eureka and South Bay,
hence Jan 0.
Sailed Jan 11 — Stmr Spokane*, for San Fran
cisco.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Jan 10— Stmr Lakme,
for Sau Francisco; stmr Samoa, for San Fran
cisco.
Arrived Jan 11 — Schr Fearless, from Falr-
SOUTH BEND— Arrived Jan 11— Stmr Rival,
hence Jan 6. .
PORT TOWNSEND- Arrived July 11— Schr
Okanogan. from Manila; Ger bark Octavla, fm
Port Ix)s Anseles for Seattle.
ABERDEEN— Arrived Jan 11— Schr Scphie
Chrlsten8en, hence Jan l.V.
Sailed Jan 11— Ektn Lurllne, for San Fran
cisco. — .'. .-•:¦;"
ISLAND PORTS.
MAKAWEU- Arrived Jan «— Bark Edward
May. hence -Dec 22. •
HONOLULU— Sailed Jan 10— Bark General
Falrchild, for Port Townsend; Jan 10. 11 am
— Jap ftmr America Maru, for San Francisco.
KAHUL17I— Arrived Jan 11— Schr Allen A.
from Eureka; bark Edward May, from Maka
well.
FOREIGN PORTS..
SYDNEY— Arrived Jan 0— Br rhip Llndneld.
hence Nov 15.,
ACAPULCO — Arrived Jan- 10 — Sal etmr
Yzalco, hence Dec 11 and sailed Jan 11 for
Acajutla. >
Sailed Jan 11 — US stmr Bennlngton, U S
stmr Jaul Jones and U S stmr Prebl<\ for
Panama.
HONGKONG — Arrived Jan 9— Stmr Ch,lna.
hence Dec 12. ¦ Arrived Jan 3 — Br stmr Heath
dene, from Yokohama. .
MAZATLAN— Sailed Jan S— Stmr Colon. lor
San Francisco. "
Sailed Jan 9— Jap stmr Hongkong: Maru. for
San Francl3co. .
¦ YOKOHAMA— Sailed Dec 31— Stmr Tremont,
for Tacoma.
•• Arrived Jan 10 — Br stmr Doric, hence Dec 22.
PANAMA— Arrived Dec 27— Stmr Newport,
hence Dec 5. . •
MANILA— Arrived Dec 2S— U S stmr Logan,
hence Decl, "
CALETA BUENA — In port Dec 21 — Ft bark
Earl Derby, for Honolulu.
MONTEVIDEO — Sailed Dec S— Ship Ken-
SANTA ROSALIA— Arrived Jan 11— Ger bark
Artemis, from > Hamburg.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
HAMBURG— Arrived Jan 0— Belxravia, from
-* KREME'n — Sailed Jan 10 — Ethiopia, 'from
Glasgow, for -New York." *
Arrivrd Jan 10— Main, from New York.
GTBRANTAR — Sailed- Jan 11 — Prtncesa
Irene, for New York. .
PLYMOUTH— Sailed Jan II— Gr*t Walder
«ee. for New York. '.
Arrived Jan I II— Blucher. from New York,
for Cherbourg and Hamburg.
NEW YORK — Sailed Jan 11 — Vaderland, for
Antwerp- "¦ ' T - ' ' : ¦ '
. LIVERPOOL —Arrived Jen 11 — Etrurla,
from New York and ! Canada, from Portland.^
Me. -' : v" '¦ ¦"' •¦•;,'• "¦¦¦¦¦ •' - '
TENERIFFE— Arrived Jan 11— Stmr Luxor,
from .Tacoma, I for Seattle and San j Francisco,
via, Guayaquil,' etc.,' . and Montevld«o for
Hamburg. ' , , ;
. ¦ ? ¦ . i '
Lightning, hits tall trees very often,
especially ¦when;* their roots reach run
ning water. -The lightning blasted oak
orXelrh is- a " familiar' object in rural
landscapes.
Captain Grant and his crew landed at Port
Stanley. Falkland Islands., where another of
the Hume fleet, the bark Willscott, took refuge
a few daya ago and where she Is now repair-.
ing damage to spars and rudder sustained In a
heavy gale. •
Murderer Again Sentenced to Death.
AUBURN. Jan. 11, — Judge Prewett
this morning resentenced William H.
Glover to be ,hanged at Folsom prison
on Saturday. February 6, 1904. Glo
ver was convicted of killing: Frederick
Nierhoff near Auburn in July, 1902.
He was tried and convicted and sen
tenced to be hanged, but the matter
was delayed by an appeal. The judg
ment of the lower court was affirmed.
AMERICAN SHIP CLARENCE S. BEMENT, WHICH WAS BURNED AT SEA AND THE NEWS OF WHOSE
LOSS WAS RECEIVED SUNDAY. SHE BELONGED TO A FAST-DISAPPEARING TYPE, AND WAS
WELL KNOWN AT THIS PORT. % f
FLORENCE. Colo., Jan. 11. — A
freight train was wrecked on the Den
ver and Rio Grande Railroad at Adobe,
near this city, fourteen cars being: de
railed, and on examination it was dis
covered that the spikes and fishplates
had been removed from two rails. It
is believed that the train wreckers had
planned to wreck the Pacific Coast
Limited, westbound, which was due at
Adobe at the time of the accident, but
was behind time.
Freighter Is Victim of a Plot That
Is Laid for the Pacific 'Coast
Limited. •
MISCREANTS DERAIL.
THE WRONG TRAIN
TOMALES. Jan. 11.— Joseph Sander
sal. James , Zurmlni and Checo and
Crockett Wescott went out In a boat
three days ago to Inspect a French
bark which was wrecked November 21
of last year. On the return trip they
tried to cross the bar on an outgoing
tide 1 , not realizing the impossibility and
danger of such an undertaking. The
breakers were so heavy that their boat
was swamped. Old sailors on the bay
say it was suicidal to attempt to cross
under the existing conditions.
Sandersal landed on Tomales Point
by aid of an oar. The others were car
ried out by the tide. Sandersal arrived
at his home Saturday in a dazed condi
tion and is unable to give an intelligent
account of the disaster. Searching par
ties have patrolled the beach for the
bodies of the two missing men. oPart
of the boat was found, but the bodies
probably have been lost.
One of the Wrecked Party
Reaches the Shore After
Fearful Experience in Harbor
PATROL ON THE BEACHES
Oceanic Steamship Company's Liner Comes From .the Antipodes
With Large Number of Passengers, Among Whom Are Many
People of Note— Fanning Island Hides in Fog iand Is Overlooked
Three Marin County Residents
Attempt to Cross the To
males Bay Bar and Two Perish
OCEAN CLAIMS
RASH BOATMEN
STEAMSHIP SONOMA, IN SPITE OF HEAD WINDS,
ARRIVES ON TIME WITH THE BRITISH MAILS
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Tim* and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front {Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide is the same at both place*. -
TUESDAY. 'JANUARY 12. ' :
8un rises .'. .7:25
Sun sets .......5:11
Moon rises .................2:46 a. m.
O Tune ITlmel Time Time
» Ft. I 1 Ft. Ft. Ft.*
* |L'W . 1H W| L. W (H W
12 0:42 2.B 7:17 -fi.8 2:14 0.4 9:00 4.0
13 1:32 2.7 8:08 '6.8 a:07 0.0 10:00 ;4.2
14 2:29 2.9 8:66 .5.8 3:52—0.2 10:52 4.4
16 3:17 2.9 9:37 6.8 4:33—0.5 11:35 4.8
16 4:00 . 3.0 10:19 5.8 5:08—0.8 ....
H W L W • H W :;-;¦. L ,W
17 0:16 4.6 4:42 3.010:67 5.5 ft:43 — O.4
18 0:53 4.6 5:24 > 3.0 11:30 - 5.3 ,6:16 —0.3
NOTE— in the above exposition of the tldea
the early ¦ morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides - of ! the
day in the order of occurrence as to time: the
fourth time column gives the last tide of j the
day. except when there are. but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The - heights given ' are In
The American ship Clarence S. Dement, the
news of whose destruction at sea by fire reached
the world on- Sunday, was of. the old type of
clipper ship and was well known at this port
She was built In 1884 at Philadelphia and has
had a busy and prosperous career. She wu
bound for tnls port when disaster overtook her.
She left Newport September 21 with the cargo
of the bark Undaunted. The Undaunted on
May 1 put Into Port Monroe so badly damaged
that she was ordered condemned and her cargo
transferred to the Bement. The burned ship
«.* nwncd by G. W. Hume & Co. of this city.
Burned Ship Well Known.
The Mt!e tug Izalco, which left here about
three weeks ago for Acajatl*. haa arrived safe
ly at Acapulco. Captain Miller, formerly of
the steamship Enterprise, is In command of
the little boat.
Izalco at Acapulco.
There is no name more familiar in the an
rials cf the overdues than Rickmers, and few
weeks go by that one or the other of that
family of German sailing ships Is not quoted
for reinsurance. The Robert Rtckmers was
posted yesterday at 10 per cent. She Is out 07
days from Rangoon, for Bremen. Her appear
ance among the reinsured 16 more on account
of reported storms In the Indian Ocean than
because «>he is making a particularly long pas
sage. The rate on the Francesco Giuseppe I
was advanced to 15 per cent. Reputed a fast
sailer, she Is now out 19ft days from New
castle. Kngland. for Port Loe Angeles. Five
vesFelz that left European ports about the same
time as the Giuseppe have been heard from In
distress and those interested in the Austrian
ship are beginning to have grave fears for her
Fafcty. The Loch Brcdan and Paris are quoted
at 90 per cent. The other overdues are: La
Fontaine and Jean Cordonnier, 10 per cent, and
Martaban, 40 per cent.
Another Rickmers Overdue.
RcoeiTCT Sues J. Edward Addicks.
PHILADELPHIA, Jan. 11. — George
Wharton Pepper, receiver of the Bay
State Gas Company of Delaware, to
day filed a bill of complaint against J.
Edward Addicks in the United States
Circuit Court here. Addicks is cited
to appear In court on the first Monday
of February to give an acounting of
the concern's funds, which he is
charged with wrongfully converting to
his own uses. The action of the re
ceiver Is based upon the claim that'in
1S89 the company illegally increased
Its capital stock and thus rendered
subsequent dealings illegal. £,*.» ¦'.
Health Commissioner Believes Increase
of Deaths Is Dae to Expectora
tion in Public Places.
NEW YORK, Jan. 11.— Deaths from
pneumonia in this city last week ag
gregated 364 and axe causing the
Board of Health to adopt energetic
'measures to check the progress of the
disease.
"In my opinion," said Commissioner
Darlington of that department to-day,
"the habit of expectorating in public
places has much to do with bringing
on disease. Last week's increase of
deaths from that disease, nearly 100
more than for the corresponding week
last year, is positively alarming, and
I have taken measures' to try to keep
the disease from spreading."
PNEUMONIA CAUSES
ALARM IX NEW YORK
The cadets are the sailors. They do all
the work required' of any crew, and In addi
tion attend the ministrations of a professor
of mathematics, instructors in navigation and
seamanship, and everything else likely to ibe
uyeful to a modern officer of the merchant
marine. The Herz^gin Cecilie also carries
two boatswains, two carpenters, a sailmaker,
four cooks, three stewards, a baker and a
donkey engine operator. Discipline* on board
the training chip is maintained with military
strictness. The- cadet quarters are spctless
and odorless, as is the broad white deck, and
wherever there is brasswork tt is shining like
burnished cold. As an attraction the Herzo
gin Cecllle promises to draw many visitors, who
will be welcomed on board. The cadets are
all boya of good family, some of. them bear
noble names, and the local German colony
has already made preparation to entertain
thern. The Herzocln Cecilie, during her stay
at Portland, where she visited a year ago,
entertained more than 10,000 visitors. She
will dock in a few days to' discharge the 3500
tons of cargo she brought from England.
The Cecille's good time was made in spite
of adverse weather, which beset the wind
jammer's rath almost Incessantly. Terrific
storms were encountered off the River Platte,
and Cape Horn was rounded in the teeth of a
mad procession of howling winter gales. Sail
ing from 50 In the Atlantic to 60 in the Pa
cific, the Herzogln Cecilie, in spite of
the opposition of the element*, occupied only
6 days 6 hours. Some days the training ship
reeled off as many as 320 knots, and during one
period of 37 hours her headway was so slight
that it could not be recorded.
The North American German Lloyd Steam
ship Company's training ship Herzogin Cecllle
arrlxed yesterday, 115 days from Newcastle,
in many months, but Captain Max Dietrich Is
unconao'able because tho passage occupied
more than 100 days. The Cecllle is the hand
somest tailing vessel ever in this port, and
her crew, composed entirely of cadets, one of
the smartest afloat. The Herzogtn is the nur
sery of the North German Lloyd officers. Ca
detp. who are carefully selected, are admitted
to the training service only after attaining a
certain degree of scholarship In the high
echools of the Fatherland. They serve three
years on the Cecllle, one year on a North Ger
man liner and one year in the German navy
before being accepted as officers In the steam
ship service. After that promotion depends
upon their own efforts. Th* Herzogln Cecilie
ha« on board fifty-seven cadets. Emll Schln
dler, a cadet, was washed overboard from the
jlbboom and drowned during a gale encoun
tered off the River Platte.
German Training Ship Arrives.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 11.— The Sec
retary of War has prepared recom
mendations, which will be promul
gated shortly, under which examina
tions will be held to secure the lists
of suitable persons specially qualified
to hold commissions in any volunteer
force which hereafter may be organ
ized under the authority of Congress,
other than a force composed of or
ganized militia. In addition to men
tal and moral qualifications the ap
plicants .must be at least 21 years old;
applicants for second lieutenancy
commissions shall not be more than
SO years of age; first lieutenants not
more than 35; captains not more than
40; majors not more than 45; lieuten
p.nt colonels not more than 50, and
colonels not more than 55.
The persons passing the examina
tions, which will be held in specified
places, may, upon recommendation of
the President, pursue a regular
tours'* of study at any military school
or college, except West Point. In at
tending such schools they shall be en
titled to mileage and commutation for
quarters at $12 per month and $1 a
day for subsistence.
mendations for Examinations for
Volunteer Service.
War Department Will .Make Recom-
PREPARE TO INCREASE
ARMY COJOUSSIOXS.
The skipper rolled out and inquired
the cause of the commotion. "Breakers
ahead." shouted a subordinate. Cap
tain Daniel peered forward and saw a
light. He mistook it for a beacon on
shore, but it turned out to be a steam
er, lying hove to. AH about the Aber
deen the waters swirled and foamed,
and in the darkness had every appear
ance of being breakers. The mate had
Been the foamy water and thought the
lookout called '•Breakers ab,ead," when,
in fact, he had passed the word that
there was a light ahead.
The 6teamer was brought about in
time to avoid a collision, but only to
r*cei%'e a huge sea over her stern which
completely enveolped her house and
threatened to drive her bow first to the
bottom. Captain Daniel says the storm
was the worst he has seen off the Ore
gon coast for years.
The identity of the steamship could
not be made out in the darkness, but
her master evidently was afraid to
brave the storm and preferred to re
main hove to until it abated.
PORTLAND. Or., Jan. 11.— But for
the sharp eyes of a lookout on the
steam schooner Aberdeen another trag
edy of the sea would have been enact
ed as that vessel was passing Heceta
Head on her way up the c«ast. She
left Coos Bay Friday morning and went
outside in time to get the full benefit of
the blow which raged that night. Cap
tain Daniel had retired but a short time
when he was awakened by a commo
tion overhead. Amid the roar of the
gale he could distinctly hear the hur
ried command of the mate to the man
at the wheel to "put her hard a-star
board."
Special Dispatch to The Call
¦ ?
Skipper Brings the Vessel
About Just in Time to
Prevent a Collision at Sea
VIGILANCE OF A SAILOR
Coaster Aberdeen Nearly Runs
Into a Steamer During v a
Storm Off Hcceta Head
Auckland — C. A. Green. E. Mayo. Mr. and
Mrs H. Hoover, child and nurse. Mr. and
Mrs. L. M. Hancock and child. Miss Martin,
Mr*. Javids, Mr. and Mrs. Undgren, R. T.
Walker, L. D. Rowers, E. T. Favers, J. H.
Ballance.
Honolulu— Mrs. Caddow. J. M. Lessynsky,
Judge Laog;e, F. B. Clark. Miss Hartwell, L.
Eby. T. A. Phelps, Miss Thatcher, M. G.
Pfoutz. T. W. IVakefleld, Mr. Moffitt. Mr. and
Mr#. H. A. Burke, L. A. Wills. TV W. Clark,
¦W. K. Hood, L. H. Cooks, C. TV Most.
From Sydney — Miss Little, Mrs. Little, Rich
ard Rennie, Mrs. W. C. Craford and child's
nurse, a. E. Coll?, W. A. Murison, W. C. Howe,
C. E. T. Johnstone, Mr. and Mrs. G. Mus
grove and child. Mrs. M. Collldge. F. Belling,
Joseph L>eir.psey, Professor and Mrs. Hussey,
Mr. and Mrs. I. T. Turner, Mr. and Mrs. R.
Nichols.
Professor Hussey of the Lick Univer
sity was another passenger. Mrs. and
Miss Little, the wife and daughter of
the Sonoma's chief engineer, returned
on the liner. Miss Little is a vocalist of
great promise and local fame. She
gave a number of concerts in the An
tipodes and from the musical critics of
the principal colonial journals received
praise calculated to turn the head of
any less well balanced young woman..
The Sonoma's passengers included
the following named:
"If my trip proves as successful as my
voyage across the Pacific was delight
ful, I will return to Sydney a well-sat
isfied man," is the way Australia's en
tertainment king summed up the nice
things he had to say about the Sonoma
and the attention he and the other pas
sengers had received from Captain
Herriman and his officers.
W. A. Mifrison of the Donohoe-Kelly
Bank of this city returned on the So
noma, a convalescent, but still far from
a well man. Murison left here to take
a trip around the world. In India he
was taken sick and was ordered to the
hills, where his health went completely
to pieces. His only hope, he was told,
was to set back to California. He
boarded the Sonoma at Sydney, appar
ently a dying man, but the sea air and
the administrations of Surgeon McNul
ty worked wonders and, although very
weak, Murison is thought to be on the
road to recovery. . . \
C. A. Green. World's Fair "Commis
sioner to the colonies, returned on the
liner. Green went to the Antipodes
from South Africa, which country he
also visited in the interests of the St.
Louis Exposition. He says the kindli
est feeling for the United States pre
vails throughout the colonies and
comes home with assurances that
Oceanica will be well represented at the
fair. • . *
The Oceanic Steamship Company's
finer Sonoma,- Captain Herriman, ar
rived yesterday afternoon from the
Antipodes and cleared quarantine Just
in time for her British mails to be
placed en board the overland train. The
big liner was somewhat delayed by
head winds encountered between Hon
olulu and this port. The Sonoma did
not call at Fanning Island on the
homeward run. Foggy weather pre
vailed when the liner was in that vi
cinity and as Fanning is a hard place
to find, even in clear weather, Captain
Herriman was afraid that if he stopped
to look for it the time lost might mean
delay for the mail, so he cut out the
Fanning Island call.
Among the Sonoma's passengers were
some notable people. G. Musgrove, one
of Australia's principal theatrical men,
came on the liner from Sydney. He is
accompanied by his wife, who is an
actress, known in stageland as Nellie
Stewart. Musgrove is here and is go
ing to London in search of attractions
for the entertainment of his colonial
patrons. He pays a tribute to the
comfort of traveling on the Sonoma
and expresses the highest regard for
her behavior in all kinds of weather.
LOOKOUT SAVES
THE SCHOONER
THE SAN FRANCISCO .CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 12, 1904.
14
DIED.
Continued From Page Thirteen.
RAILWAY TBAVZL. ' _
CALIFORNIA 1
LIMITED TO CHICAGO |
LEAVES DAILY |
at 9:SO a. m^ tHrouyh la 3 days. I
, with diner and all trapping*. H
Other Santa Pt Tralai:
7:30 a.m. 1 for Stockton, Freano. BaJcerafleld.
S :^* m *l Merced. Hanford and Vlaalla.
8:00 p. m. J
4 :0O p. re. for Stockton.
8:00 p m. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
TICKET OPPICE— 641 Market St. asfl
Terry Depot, S. 7. Also 1112 Broad-
way. Oakland. Cal. 97 South First
St, Baa. Joss).,
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
L.HJSSE3H3
SAN FRANCI5U0 ANu NURTH PACIFIC
HAILWAT COMPAKT.
Tlburon Terry. Toot of Market Street.
SAB FKAICCISCO TO SAX SAXAZIk
WEEK DATS— 7:30. 9:00. H:0O a. m.: 12:39.
8:30. 5:10. 6:30 p; m. Thursdaye — Sztra trip
at 11:30 p m
Saturdays— Extra trip at 1:30 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— S:CO. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30.
3:30 5:00 6:20. 11:30 p. m.
SANKAPAIL TO SAN 7XAVCXSCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:05. 7:35. 7:SO. 0:20. 11:13
a. m. : 12:50 3:40. BfDO. 3:20 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:03 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— S:00. 0:40. 11:13 a. m.; 1:40. 8:40.
4:58. 5:00. 6:25 p. m.
Leave T In Effect I Arrive
San Frapclsco-I Sept. 27. 1903. [San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I Destlna- I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. | tlon. | days. 1 Daya.
7-30 a S:0Oa »:10a 8:40 a
9:SOa Itrnado. 10:40al0:20a
*:30p S:30p «:03 p 8:20 p
R:10p 8:C0p 7:35 p
730 a ~" 8:10 al 9:40 a
8:00 a Novato. 10:40 a lf>:20 a
S:30p 9:S0a Petaluma «^P «:20p
6:10 p 3:30 p and 7:35 p
5:00 p Santa Rosa.
7-30 al 10.40 a 10:20 a
I 8:00a Fulton. 7:35p 8:20p
3:30,p| 3:30 p j
. Windsor.
7:30 a 8:00 a Healdsburg. 10:40 a 10:20 a
Lytton.
3:30 p 3:30 r Oeyservllle. 7:35 p «:2O p
Clov*rdale.
7-30 al 8:0O al Copland. 110:40 all0:20 a
' 8:30p| 3:30 pi and tHilah t 7:S5pj 6:20 p
T?30a| 8:C0a| Wllllta.. I 7:35 p| 6:20 p
"rlabal S:0Oa| 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 pi 3:30 p| Guernevllle. I 7:35 p| 8:20 p
7-30 al S:0Ua| Sonoma. . I 9:10 al 8:40 a
6:10 Pi 5:00 pi Glery, Ellen. I 6:03 cl 6:20 p
7:30a| 8:00 af 110:40 a|10:20 a
• 3:30 p| 3:30 pi Sebaatopol. I 7:35 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at ' Green Bra« for San
Quentln; at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
fipring-s: at Fulton for Altrurla and Mark 'West
8prlngs: at Lytton for Lytton Spring^; at G«y.
»ervllle for Skaggs Springs; at Clov e rdal« for
! the Geysers. Booneville and Greenwood; at
Hopland for Duncan Springs. Highland Spnnara
Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad Sprlngi". Soda Bar. Lakel
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vlchv
Springs. Saratoga Springs. Bine Lakes. Laure'l
i Dell Lake. Witter Springs. Upper Lake. Porno
Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside. Llerly*al
Bucknell'a Sanh-drln Heights. Bullville OrVi
1 Hot Springs. Halfway House. Comptche.' Cams
I Stevens. Hopkins. Mendoclno City. Fort Brags
1 Wfstport. Uaal: at Wlllita for Fort BrarV
Weatport Sherwood. Cahto. Covello. Layton"
vllle Cummlnics. Bell 1 * Springs. Harris, oi-
nen'a. Dyer. GarbervlHe. Pepperwood. Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Sunday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday round-trip tickets to all polnu
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket offices. €30 Market atreet. Chronicle
building. ' ' gigaBgayfayW
II. C. WHIT1KO. B..X.-RTAN.
: Gen. Manager. - . Gen. P»is. A»t
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
La**« " Tia Siaaalits ferry : Arrive -
aaiFrancbco Nrtrf Martatst San Fran dace
Week Sun- - m - ' San- 1 Wee*
Day*- day* jf£B8j$8b± dar» Dar».
•Til«T«8:OOA e&*Bs££l 12:OArf0l40l
•1:4Br »:OOa |3 SkS^ l:3Sr3:Sn?
BllAr 1O:OOa T&iSj&rSSW S:SOp A:A<Vp
... 11:OOa 4:5Op t:IOf
.««¦»»« *l* ftap 1st ' Miaaa — i ¥Ulr»- taf
I gCOt ) 6J8 M Abbott ST.,(N'orth Shore Railroad)
[ WTC3S } aad Sauiautto Fk&ky. root Mirkat Sc
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Positively cured fey theSO
little JPilla.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsb,
Indigestfon and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
I Sect remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
j tress, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongue
i Pain in the Side, TORPID UVER. They
I Regulate the Bowcb. Purely Vegetable. •
| Small Pill. Small Dose.
& Small Price.
BAILWAY TEAVEL.
southTr^pacific
¦ Tralai lears mill are due to arrlf • at
t - sAN FltANCl.iCO.
(Main Line. Foot of Market atreet >
imi — F»i»i bicpiBiiim. 1W3. — AttKiTs*
'7.00* V«cavllle. W later*. Kamiey 7.55*
7.00* Benlcla, Sui»un. Elmlraaad Sacra-
mento ! 7-23*
730* Vallejo, Naps. Callstogn. Saata
Kos.1, Martinez, S»a Ramon 6-25'
7. 33a Nllea. Llvermore. Trmcy. Lathrop.
Stockton 7.2S*
B03* Shi«ra Express — (Via Davis).
AT Miami (for Harriott Spring*'.
Willows. tFruto. Ked Bluff.
Portland. Tacoma, Seattle 7-53'
1004 Davis. Woodland, KnlBhta Lauding,
JlsrTivllle. Orovllle 7.65*
3-33* Port Costa. Martinez. Antlach.
Brron. Trs«y. 8tocktea. New-
man. Lo» B»no». M and ota.
Armona. n»nfor.|. Vlsalla,
Fortervine *.Zir
t J3* Port Outta. Marlines. Tncj, Ltth-
rop. Modesto, Merced. Fresno.
Ooihea Junction. Ban ford,
Vli»:ia. Dakenfleid 4.SSV
• 30a Jfiiei. San Jote, Llvermore. btoci-
ion, (?M!Hoa). lone. Sacrameato.
riacervtlle, MarrsTlMe. Chlco,
Red Bluff - 423»
• 30* Oakdale. Cbtaese. Jamestowa. So-
nor*. Tuolarane and Angels 4 25*
9 00*. Atlantic Expresa-OsUea and Batt. 11.25*.
830a Richmond, Martlaei and Way
Stations 8-55*
10430a The Overland Limited — Ugden.
Denver. Omaba. Chicago. S 25»
10.00a Vallejo 1225r
10.00* Lo« Ana-«U«s Pa»»enger — Port
Costa, Martinez. ISjroa, Tr»er,
Lstbrop. 3 1 os let on. Merced.
. < ICaymoad, Fretno, Oaaben Jane-
tlon. llanford, Lemeore. Vlsalls.
Bakenfleld. Los Angele* 72S"
If 00« narward. Ntles and Way Stations; 5 2j*
f-OOr Sacramento River Steamers fll.OOr
i.iOr Brnicla. Winter*. Sacramento.
Woodland. Knights Landing.
5!ary»vii'e, Orovllle and war
stations '9?? A
3.30r Haywarrt.Ntlei and TTay Station*.. 755?
3.30^ Port Cost*. Martinez. Byron,
Tracy. Lathrop. Modesto.
Merced. Frrsno and Way Star
tlons beyond Port Coit* 12-2S* 1
3-301" Marttnez.Tra<-y. Stockton. Lodl... 10.25a
4 00r Martinez.San i:-i!vin. ValleJo.N'apa,
CalUtoga. S»nt;.*;:osa 9254
< OOP Nllet. Tracy. Stockton. Lodl 4. 25?
430r Haywitrd. Nile*, lrvlaston, Saa) *8 55*
Jose. Llvermore ) M1.5j*
E COr Tbe Owl Mmlted— Xewia*n. Los
llanos. Mfiidota. Freano. Tulare.
Itnkersiield. Los Anseles.
Golden State Limited Sleeper.
Oaklaad to Los A:urr:e«, for Chi-
cago, via C. K. I. * P 853»
500r Port Cost*. Tracy. Stockton 12-25?
tS30r Hsvward. Xllus antl 8an .Io«e 7 25*
fi.COf llayward. Klles antl Sau Jose 9 Ij5a
6 CO' Eastern Express— Upden. Denver.
Omaha. St. Loula. Chicago iui
Kast. Tort Costa. 0<>n!cla. Sul-
*un. Klmtra. Davla. Sacramrntu,
, Iiofklin. Auburn, Colfaz.
TrHckcf. Boca, Keno. IV ads-
worsh, Wlnoemucca KTJf
6.00p Vallejo, daily, except Sunday... . t 7 K - m
700r Vsilejo. Sunday only f '"'
7 COr hlrhmund. san Pablo. Port Costa,
Afnrtlnes an.l Way SUtJons 11.25a
8-CSp Oregon &• California Kzpr«»»— 8ac-
rameoto. Marytvllle. Redding.
Portland, rugrt Sound and Caat. 8 55*
8-IOp Hay ward. Ntlca and San Joae(bun-
dayonlv) 11.53a
COAST LINE Harrow «iae»).
(foot of Murkrt Street.)
815* Newark. Crucervllle. San Jose.
»lton. B"uliirr Creek, Santa
Crnx and W »y Stations 6-53*
t2.15r Bewark. Centcrvllle. 9an Jose,
Sew Almaden. Los Gatos. Fe: ton.
Boalder C'r^rt. Santa Crux anil
Principal Way Stations ttO 554
4-15r Newark, Sao Jote, Loa Gatos and) <8 SS *
way station* i :1O55*
03 30i" Hnnters Train. Saturday only, Saa
Jose and Way Stations. Eeturn-
Ing from Lo* Gatos Sunday onlv. 17 2S>*
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From bAN FKANC! i-co, Fuoi ut Market sc. (SlipO
— 17:15 CM U:0u*.m. 100 300 B.15 T.M.
From OAKLAND, foot of Uroadwsy — t6:w y:U
ti:M 10:00 a.m. 1 2 00 200 400 r.tt.
COAST LINE (Broad .»«*<».
_ CsT"<Thlrd and Toirnsend Streets.)
BIO* San Jose aad Way Stations... Q.ZO*
7 CO* San Jose and Way Stations S-3S* 1
8.00a New Almaden <Tnes.. Frld^ only). 4.\»r
SCO* The Coaster — Stops only San Jooe.
Gtlroy (connection for Hollta-
ter). Pajaro, Castrortlle (cun-
neetion to and from Moaterey
aad Pactflc Grove). Salinas, Saa
Ardo, Paso Rofeles. Santa Mar-
garita, San Lais Obtspo. principal
stations thence Surf (connection
for L«mpoe). principal statlona
Uience Santa Barbara, San Buena-
?entnra, Sangus. L«s Angeles... 19-41>
••COa San Jose. Tres Plnos. Capltola,
SaataCrnx.PaclflcOroTe.Saltaaa,
San LuU ObUpo and Prtnelpal
Way Stations 4IS»
10.30* 6aa Jose and Way SUtlons 1 .20*
11 JO* Santa Clara, San Jose, Los Gatoa
and Way Stations 7-30-
1-ZOr San Jose and Way Stations ... .... S .50*
4-tOr x>el Monte Express— Santa Clara,
San Jove. Del Monte, Moaterey,
Pacific Grove (connects at Saata
, Clan for Panta Cruz, Boulder
Creek and Narrow Gauge Points)
at Gllroy for Holtlster. Trea
Plnos. at Castmvllle for Salinas. 12.1S*>
3-30f> Tres Ptnos Wav Passenger ..' 10 45*
4 30r> Haa Jose and Way Station* t8.0Q*
tSOOr San Jose, (via Saata C.ara) Los
Gatoa. and Principal Way Sta-
tions (except Sunday) t9.004
»6 ZOr SanJote»ndPrlnclpaIWftyStat!ooa 59 4O»
S.IOp Sunset Limited.— Redwood. Saa
Jose.Gtlroy.Sallnas.Paso Itobles.
Saa Lais Oblspo, Santa BarNara,
Los Ang«les. Demln;. El Pasow
New Orleaoa. Sew York. Con-
nects at Pajaro for Santa Cms
and at Castrovllltt for Pactllo
Grove and Way Statlona 7.194
t6 •1Er San Mateo, TJereaforJ.BelmoBt. Saa
Carlos. Redwood, Fair Oaks,
MenloPurS. Palo A'.to r8 ««a
8 *Pr San Josb and Way Statloaa 6 33a
800p Palo A'.to and Way Statlona 10.1&*
11.201' aouth san Francisco. Millbraa. Bur-
llnxatne. San Mateo, Belmont,
San Carlos. Redwood. F*tr Oaks,
Memo Park, aad Palo Alto 9.43r
¦11-30p .Msyfiel'i. Mounutn View. Sunny-
vale. Lawrence. Santa Clara and
, ¦" San Jose t3-43>
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
1 Sunday excepted. X Sunday only,
a Saturn* J only.
I Stop* at all station* on Sunday.
Ea>~Only trains stopping st Valencia St. aontahosm
srrti:10 4.«.,7:On*.M., U:3»A.ii.,3:aOr.M..«:3Or.»».»*
1:00 r.u,
igmmMM TOSANRAFAEU
ROSS VALLEY,
P^f^^^ MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc
!»^^aSSSSS*^' ?!» Sausallto Terry.
Suburban Service. Standard Uauco illectrio—
Denaxt from San Francisco Dally— 7:0O »:«*,
•TOO "loSS Il1» *• m. 12:20 1:45. S:li. 4:13:
lli 8-13 7:CO 8:45. i0:-"0. 11:43 p. m.
FROM *\? A f^ 0 T ?.l s <S .S A ?i^S CO
* : KROM 2 MlLlf 1 "VALl.ET TO SAN ritAN-
Cl^fo-Dally— 3:43. «:». 7:32. 8:35. 9:ti.
11^0^T S 12:35 2:00. 3:15. 4:C5. 3:0». 6:0aC
i-fia »-00 10:33 p--n».
T.C5. ».w. THRO UOH TRAINS.
• •00 a in daily — Cazad^ro and war stations.
a : i5 o. m. week Oays (Saturdays «xc«pt9d>—
Toroalea and way stations.
3:13 p. •»»- Saturdays— Cazadaro and way at*.
only— 10 a. m.. Potnt R?y*s aasl .
statlona.
TICKET omCR-CJ Market at.
f ERRY— Union Cepot. foot ef Market «.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIAN'A HITTt:RS. THIS
Gr-at Mexican Remedy: gives health *n«
strensth tu f«xu3i oreana. Depot. 2*J3 Market.
Weekly CaU, $l per Year
MEMBERS of Ignatian Council No 35
IT. II. L. are requested to attend th* requiem
mass for our late past president Jtmn K.
Ooegrave, at St. Brigid's Church on Tues-
day morning. January 12. at » o'clock
C. L. EBXER. P.cc. "and Cor. Secretary.
CyFriends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully Invited .to attend «be funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at' 10:30 o'clock a. m., from the
parlors of Halftcd & Co.( 946 Mission street.
Interment Home of Peace Ccmet«ry. by 11 :'M
a. m. train from Third and Townsend
streets.
SWAN— In this city, January 11. 1904. Jenny
Hernadina Swan, beloved wife of John A.
ewan. and mother of Cbarles, Walter and
tytllle Swan and sister of Mr». Emelia
!.hn. Mrs. O. Swcnson and Mrs. Ellen
Andernon, a native of Sweden, aged 43 years
1 mootb and S days.
WAIIREN — In this city. January 10, 1904,
James K. Smith Warren, youngest son of
Frank W. and Charlotte M. Warren, a
native of San Francisco, aged 5 years and
10 days.
E7 Interment took place in Holy Cross
Cemetery. Eunday. January 10. 1904.
WARREN — In this city. January 11, 1904,
Charlotte M-. dearly beloved wife of Frank W
Warren, and daughter of the late Isaac V*
end Charlotte Dtniotcn, a native of San
Francisco.
requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
poce of ber soul, commencing at 9 a. m.
Interment private. Holy Cross Cemetery.
SOLOMON— In this city, January 10, 1904, at
th* Pacific Hebrew Home. Samuel Solomon,
bMovcd father cf Martin, Oscar and Alex
Solomon, and Mrs. Clara. Seclie and Mm.
Errnt LAet, a native of Prussia, acrd 72
>ears.NEW YORK. Jan. 11.— There war a general
agreement to-day that the outlook for a peace
ful adjustment of the Russo-Japanese diypute
was distinctly more cheerful. All the tpecu
la.Uve markets moved In conformity with this
view, stocks and cotton advancing and wheat
thowinp a declining tendency. The movement
in stocks »Rf moderate and rather spotty, and
there was obvious difficulty In holdlnj the
higher level or pricey. There was no change
in the character of the war outlook, so far as
published news Indicated, to account for the
reactionary tendency, which prompted the
r-oncluFion that buyers of IVccrr.ber were still
disposed to realize rather than to hold on any
t-trenrtheninj? appearance. The very general
character of the upward movement in low
prade stocks after the opening thin morning
t VM taken as an unpropltious development, ow.
ing to thf- BUFDicion of manipulative. method*
attaching to. it -and the common knowledge
at the existence of. ptock market resources
The revival of their activity is considered
Mg-hly sisnitJcant of the greater liberality of
borrower*, not only in the amount of funds of
ferinp. but in the quality of the collateral re
quired.' The supply of money is now fairly
»bun<!zrt. and is Ftlll increasing-. Tho move
ment of Ftrrlir.jr exchange away from the gold
impor? p r '!nt is therefore no rauri for surprise.
The lowering of %he rrlre of »old in tho Lon
«lcn mj.rk«t thowg the pens* of recurlty therv
againrt any further, need for protecting" the
rol<J Fupjilv. An engagement of po!d for im
port. pr«"viou6ly m<A.e w»* f«oceled to-day to
the. extent of $r,CO.O00. Sterling ~ exchange Ht
Parly ji^so continues to advance in the ab
wnce of cry pre5?ure upon French capital re
ouirfrr.<nts hurh as waf expected . to " follow
Ru^^i»n war prv-naratlons. ! Intimation* ' that
banking rrranfomente had bffn made for rf-.
mlttinr tv Panama canal pajtnents' to' Paris
In lnsta!lrr<r.tF t-.rtrr a tr».nftt<»r from -the
l*rit«vi Stjites treR»=ury tn New York bs^ik <1e-
P"F:tw hI^o Kfrvnj to Inspire confldence In the
•stability <jf the money marfcrt. The raoft sub-
Ftantlal rr.cvemcnt !n th» stock market wan
that In Pern^vlvar.la. The upward movement
In xy«l>a»h stocke was Ineffectual to conceal the
rrallzir.r 1n r-osres^ elsewhere, and the whole
mnrUf-t ridded. Arr.alrarr.iitert Copper wu
frwly r>reK<*d for va]* rt t>*»-ri.fl<r» of over a
tw.irt In !t« pri-e. Rock Island also yielded
pharply In th»- late dta!frrR. and the closing
«'«* e««T. vi'h not much left of the day's'ad
vancr-K.
Bonds flnn. «.nd tbe market showed a
»>n>f iio-inir tpr,i>nry. Total cales (par value),
$SXB%XXO
United piat"» bonf!« werr upohanred on call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stork*— ¦ Op»Ti. Hich. Ijr.ve. Clo*».
Atc1).fr,n ll.tW r.&u, «7U • 07%
At^hi^ca t.fd 300 S3% S9\4 fn
Jtalt Jt- Ohio pM ;.. ...--Kn^
Canaiian Pacific... WV> us 117% 117^4
t"VTi of New 3-rnry. 4OO lCf) JOrt IRO
rbr-sapoake * Ohio. «no XIU,^. SS« 33«/l
rjiicRjjo & Alton... 4.000 ?,<;% ; S5«4 .15%
Chi fc Alum prd... .r..70it S2 row Rial
Oi' Great Western. 6.7f>0 ir.« i« Irt .
Oil G W n CM.. I KilO 2fi% 2« is
<^hlf»jfo A- N W.. l.ono Jfi3 JC7«4 167
nil t a t nns.... s..-w» -ntj 2 i»4 «i
C C. C & St Louie. 200 79 7S*i 7HV, '¦
Ct-lorado Southern.. 3.700 16=^ X7J4 J
Nczv York Stock Market.
Exchange arid Bullion.
Sterling Exchange," sixty days.... — $4 C2%
Sterling Exchange, sight... — 4 85%
Sterling Exchange, cables:. ...... . — (^
New Ifork Exchange, sight, .j... — ¦ 12^4
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 15
Silver, ptr Ounce, — 53%
Mexican Dollars, nominal ,44 @ 45.
Wheat and; Other Grains.
WHEAT — the foreign markets were easy,
with- weaker futures. - The world's - shipments
for the week were as follows, in quarters:
Russian. 165.000; Argentine, 19,000; Indian
164,000; Australian, 70.000.
* Th» American visible supply increased 1495,
000 bushels. " . < '
Chicago declined from 8Cc to So»ic and re
covered to £(l%c. Cables from' the Argentlno
saiil thai the weather was unfavorable for
threshing and that the labor strike at Buenos
Ayres was still on.
- In thiK market the each grain ruled firm and
futures wera higher .¦
¦ -C" \- .CASH \ WHEAT. |
.California. Club. ' $1 37^@1 40; California
White Australian. 51 6u«l 52^; Northern Club.
|1 40©l 41H;- Northern Blueetem - $1 500
X 01 V4: Oregon Valley. $1 40.
11 , ¦ ,
Session Vto 11:30 a., rn.' " ' • :
- v •. open. HlghVT : Low. Close.
May ...,;...*! ,38Ti " $1 33% .$1 SS?4 $1 39U
¦ • ' / ' 2 p.. ; m. Session. ..: :
.'." f .--..Open. , Hlghi; . Low. . a6se.
May .........S129U . H 39% • fK6S% $1 .19
Mi BAP.LEYr- Futures' ; s w«re '. ; higher. • owing
I chiefly^ to the disappointment over the rain '
bin the cash grain-was unchanged. ¦
V ¦*".;/. CASH BARLEY. -
•'freed, $I-io©?l U»*4; Shipping and Brew-
Ing, $1 W@l 20:'Ch.eva««f/Sl 20@l 45 for fair
to choice.' . * •. ¦.''¦¦' : '..
• . ..•„ -^.t FUTURES. t , . , : .¦
-Session 9 to" ll:30,-.a. m. '¦"' '• '- {
• "• •¦• . ' 'Open. . High. Low. Close'"
May V ...?1 C7% $1 07>i *1 071,4 $1 07^1
'.':':' r~; ,\ ' -2 p. Session. !
May-$1 07ft. ,- J
• ; •OATS— The w'^ek opened on a firm but un
changed market, with offerings still moderate.
.V White]- H 2l > %fil 25 for ' California and
$1 27V.©1 33 for Northern;. Black. $1 45@1 «55;
Red $i 20®l S2V. for feed and $1 25®1 35 for
seed: Gray. $1 32Vi.
CORN — Continues ptrong. partly owing to
the feeding to animals in the San Joaquln Val
|*y ami the southern part of the State, and
partly owing to the firmness in the other
1 cereals. Prices, however, remain unchanged. .
Western sacked. $1 20@l 27 V4 for Yellow.
$1 SS'-'.&'l ?5 for White i.nd SI 20@l 22^ for
Mixed: Callfornir. larse Yellow. $1 2~\i,rSl ;{0:
small round do. $1 40<&1 f.O: White. »1 .'S0S1 :JR
per ctl. Egyptian, ?1 45@?1 55 for white and
SI 25 tor brown.
RYE— *1 2501 30 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $1 7502 per ctl.
Flour and Millstnffs.
FLOUR — California • Family Extras. $4 60©
4 S5 usual terms; Bakers' Extras. |4 SOSJi 60;
Oregon and Waf hlngton. $3 90i?4 20 per bbl for
Family and $3 no<34 40 for Bakers'.
M1LLSTUFFS— Prices In ! packages are a*
follows: Graham Flour. $.3 23 per 100 lb»;
I Rye Flour. $3 25: Rye Meal. $3: Rice Flour,
! J7; Corn Meal. $'-t 25 r extra cream do $4- Oat
I Groats. $4 50: Hominy. $4ffl 25: Buckwheat
Flour $1 50<i4 75; Cracked Wheat $:{ 75; Fa
rina $1 00; Whole Wheat Flour. 53 50: Rolled
Oats bbls. $7 2E@S 60; In sacks. $6 75®8 10;
Pearl Barley. %: Split Peas, boxes. $7; Green
Peas. $5 50 per 100 lbs. \
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Hay and Feedstufts continue very firm and
tending uDtvard. and Bran has been advanced
60c r«r to n - Dr >' weatfier continues the most
imrOrtant factor in the Hay market at present.
' BRAN— $20^21 per ton.
i MIDDLINGS — J26 J>0iI»2S 50 Jar ton.
SHORTS — *!!• 50020 W> per ion.
FREDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $21 ."0i?21 50
p*r ton; Oil Cake Meal at the mill, $27©2.s 50;
jobbing, f29(g:iO: Cocoanut Cake. $21@22: Corn
Meal $2S C0©29 r.O: Cracked Corn. $20@:J0;
Mixed Feed. $2262:1: Horse Beans. $30040 per
ton. ' ' * •• .' ••'
HAY— Wheat. $14017 50; Wheat and Oat.
S145J1C 50: Oat. $l4@lfi: Wild Oat. $1»®14'5O:
Iiarley $12014; Stock nominal — none here; Al
falfa $12@1.". 00 per ton. • •
STRAW— S0©C5c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Except an advance In Red and Horse Beans.
there* is no further change. Beans continue
i firm but qultt. . Reds are scarce and mainly
held by one house.
i BEANS— Bayos. $2 .15(g2 50; Pea. $3 25: But
i ters. W, srntl! White. $2 U5JJS: Urge White.
I $2 4C®2 CO: Pink. $2 (55@2 SO; Rod. $t «5©4 50;
I Limi.-JWIS: Red Kidneys. #4 25: KlaCk
! *ye. S2©2 l'> P*r ctl; Horse B<iane. $2@2 50
I SEEDS— brown Mustard. S-l: Yellow Mus
¦ tard. $2-«5#2 •'O; . Flax. $1 &0@l «»0: Canary.
605 We for Eastern; Alfalfa. U@ 14c; Rape,
mp?c: Timothy. c@OK»t: Hemp, .'.K^.Hftc |i<r
lb:f Millet. 3©;i^c; Broom Corn Seed. $20^2;!
per ten. '
DRIED PEAS — Ncmlnal,
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Receipts of Potatoes were heavy, aggrega
ting over 1U.CO0 sacks, but us the market had
previously bc^n well' cleaned up all' descrip
tions of table Burba nks ruled firm at well
!>uuiain>jd prices. The Uregon steamer brought
down 2017 feks of Chiles and Burbanks, only a
small j;orticn of which were sold. Sweets ruled
nrm and two care of fresh stock were market
ed at u sham advance. Onions were steady,
particularly for line Oregon offerings, 3ti'j ske
ut whicn were received by steamer.
Receipts cf Ptas and Beanu from Los
Angeles, while more liberal than on Saturday,
were nlll rather light "and choice lots con
tinued to bring good prices. Tomatoes from
the same cection were plentiful and as the de
mand was nothing extra prices ranged lower.
Lima Beans appeared Irom Los Angeles for the
; first time in several years. Only a few sacks
; eam»> In anri -the Beans met with prompt sale
at »ic per pound. The other -vegetables had but
slight quotable variance. .-. . "
POTATOES — Burbanks rrom the river, 70®
S3C Pr ctl; Salinas Burbanks, $1 25@1 50 per
ctl; Oregon Burbanks. U0c«7$l 15 per ctl; River
Herts. Oui&UOc per ctl: Garnet Chiles. $1©1 05
per ctl- Sweet Potatoes. $1 S3 per ctl.'
ONIONS— $1 ~5<&1 CO rer ctl,
VEGETABLES — Green Peas. 4®«c per lb;
String Ueans. 10015c per lb: Wax, S@12V5c;
Tomatoes frcm Los Angeles, S5c@$l 25 per box
or crnte; Summer Squash from Los Angelei,
*1@1 25 per box: Cabbage. 80c per ctl: Carrota.
SOc per sack: Hothouse Cucumbers. $1 50 per
do/.; Garlic. 6!SSc per lb: Egg Plant, 10820c per
lb: Dried peppers. 5<f?Sc per Ib for Stockton
and ll©12Vic for southern: Dried Okra, ltHc
ptr lb; Green Peppers, 76S10c per lb; Mush
rooms, 20025c per lb; Marrowfat and Hub
bard Souash. $1C@15 per ton for round lots
and Hw9tC per lb for sacked.
Poultry and Game.
Two cars of Western Poultry, Including one
that cam* In Saturday, were on sale and
cleaned up quickly at steady prices. As usual
on Monday, the receipts of domestic stock were
very light and prices were largely nominal. No
Callfornian dressed Turkeys were received, but
21 cases of Western stock came in and sold
within, the quoted range.- - . -.
Game v/as easy. under inbreased receipts and
a sluggish demand and most kinds of wild'
Ducks were lower. . ,.
POULTRY — Dressed Turkeys. 23@25c per Ib:
live Turkeys, 10@21c per lb: Geese, per pair,
$2#2 25: Goslings. $2®2 25; Ducks. *5«J6
per dozen for. old and fb'@7 for young; Hens,
$5 50@« 50 for large -and $ 4 C0@5 < for small:
young IJoosters, ?5 50@«: old Roosters. $5JJ3 60;
Frj'er*. *4 30@5; -Broilers, -$4 50@R .-¦ for large
and 83 G0«?4 for small: Pigeons. $16125 per
dOxen for bid and $2 25@2 SO for Squabs, v '
' GAME — Mallard Ducka. $3@3 «) i>er dozen:
Canvasback. $304; SpHg. *1 75@2; Teal. %X- 25
©1 60; Widgeon, *1 25S1 60; fmall Ducks. %\«i
1 25; Gray Geese. $3; White Geese, 75c©51'25;
Brant. $1 50 for pmall-aMrl $2 for large; Honk
em. $5- for large: and $4 : for small; English
Snipe. $•"!: common Snipe. SI 50; .Wild Doves,"
$125; Rabbits. %'Z for Cottontails and $1 25 far
Brush; Hare, fl 50. .
Biiiter j Cheese arid Eggs.
:The Butter market was but lightly supplied
yesterday, and as the demand; waa good; deal
er«i quoted a advance," chiefly in fine
creameries. . //• ¦ '
: Cheese is demoralized; and dealers are pre
dicting still lower prices. Stocks are very ex
cessive and sellers are .giving buyers llbiral
concessions. •- " , ' . •
¦Another slight decline in Eggs is noted. Re
ceipts are free and: increasing, as usual at this
time of .the year," and .will soon be heavy. Re
ceivers'are anxious >to. sell to? keep^thelr,. floors
cleaned up. and buyers' are holding off. ' ..
Cha'ir.bcr of Commerce Election.
Th«" annual election of the officers and
trustees of the Chamber of Commerce will be
held to-day. Polls ©pen frcm 12 m. to 3 p. m.
The regular ticket is es follows: George A.
4CewbaJl. preEirifnt; E. B. Dlmonfl, vice presi
dent; C. II. IJentley, second vice president;
Frank L. Brown. W. J. I>utton. J. A. Folper.
¦William -L. Oerstle. Kufus r. Jennir.RS. H. D.
Wilii«m II. Marston. Thomas Hick
ard. Ja.me» Holph Jr., Henr>' Rosenfcld, James
B. t-'mlth, V»i!iiain R. Wheeler. ,
. . Wall Street and the War.
7*e feeling; in Wall street reparding the
,,^\uf sr>- Jfl ps.n a?^ ooTn^>li'*Ati'"*Ti Thus
pressed yesterday in telegrams to Bolton, De
.Ruyter & Co:
"Tfce rnaxkft is in Ejilendid condition, and
were it jjot for the war clouds stocks would go
. higher. The Czar asks h!s Cabinet: 'Am I the
Emperor r>* Peace, or am I not?" and the Ml
. k&do Iterates: I am enrnestly Etrivlng lor
'X*W*' All our advices indicate that there will
be no xvar. at least until fprins. and the Imme
fil^te dar-eer Is practically over."
Weather Report.
'. • (120th Meridian — Pacific Time.)
* . . m SAN FR-<NCISCO. Jan. 11—5 p. m.
Tb« following arc the t^asonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with these of sane date last
; aiaeen. ani rainfall in last twenty-four hours:
• • Last This Last
Stations— 24 hmii«. season, season.
.Eureka __ — .-.. O.Oii 19.73 22.15
R«yJ c B!uff _ «.no 12. Kl lS.r.l
Eacramento Tr. 4.K4 6.71
Can Francisco Tr. «.22 «i.l5
Fresno n.C2 0 I>2 J.21
Indepemlence O.0<» 0.42 O.W
Pan Luis Obispo 0.0« O.K2 5.00
Los Angeles O.Oii O.43 4.H7
San Diego 0.00 0.40 8.00
THE COAST RECO3D.
c s 2 tJ ra *s
3 s ;s -! if i
1 I2 si 32 to s
• stations. jr 55 *§ r§ g"* «
: £ £ : : §
: ? * : : :
Eskfr H0.2S r.C 2« N1V fnow Tr
Carson 30JW W» oO NW Clear Tr.
Eureka 30.40 .*.« 44 SW* rioudy .00
Farallon ."U>.:{2 54 5<» N C1ou<i> ."0
•Fresno SOJU 4K ."52 KW Cloudy .«C
FlaettafT 3O.O8 44 £K XE Tt.Cldy .<KJ
Point Reyes :W.:tO 54 «4 N <"Iou<1y .00
PocateHo" ,v. . ..T>.2« 2<! 6W Cloudy .<«
Independence .«u.^2 £0 2"< -SE Cloudy .00
Los Anppies...30.12 7*2 44 \V <"lrar .00
Wt Tamalrais.::i».."f4 46 40 XW Pt.Cldy .-0
North Hrad.. . :t*».n«; 4C 42 FE Hairl .44 j
Phoenix ::<>.!2 <Vt ::* \V Pt.CMy .fiOi
Portland .:...*>. IS is 3« J=K Rain ..T2 j
Red Uluft..... 30.40 54 S»i N <"lear .tX> i
Roteburg :;ft.^4' 52 42 HE <"loudy .06 i
Sacramento . .:w.:ii .%4 4« SW near Tr.
Salt Lake 30. "54 -IS 2S SW Cloudy .24
San Francisco. ::o.:;<s S* 4» N Pt.CMy Tr.
Fan L. Obi«po.:a>.22 «'Ci 42 N Pt.Clt'y .00
San Diejto r.0.0>i. tr2 44 KW Pt.Cldy .00
Seattle .'M>.1S 44 SS» SE Rain .2N
Kpokane 30.24 .'4 IS S «."Ioudy .f«»
Tatr«th r,u.<iC 44 3H E Rain .50
Walla W&IU..3U.24 4rt 4U S Rain Tr.
V>"tr.ncniucca .:to.3« 4<» 20 SW «"loudy .02
Yurr.a :^t.l4 CS 38 Xff Clear • .<10
WEATHER CONDITION? AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure is bceinnir.g to full rapidly on
tne northern ccast utid a storm is probably
corriing In from the North Pacific Ocean. It is
as yet too «-arly to forecast its path, but hish
. aoutheasterly wind? are beginning to blow
aJong the Oregon coast.
There has been but little change in tempera
ture over the country west cf the Rocky Moun
:ains.
Light rain has fallen at Fresno and cloudy
»eather prevails generally in California.
A wind velocity «j[ SS miles per hour, from
the southeast, is reported at North Head.
Forecast maae at San Francisco for thirty
\ours <>nd!K? midnight. Januarj' 12:
Northern California — Cloudy, unsettled weather
ruesday, .rith.rain in northern portion and
klrh Bouthrast winds on the northern coast.
Ilrewhere light north winds.
Southern California — Cloudy Tuesday; light
fcorth wind.
Nevada — Cloudy Tuesday.
Ban Francisco and vicinity— Increasing cloud-
IScfs and possibly r*ln by Tuesday night • light
»orth wlndF. changing to fresh southcasterly
A. G. Me ADI E. District Forecaster.
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE,
following were the sales on th» San Fran
clsvo Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Alpha ....... 17| 100 Hale & Norc.l 05
1C0 Alpha 19; 1300 Justice 1«
000 Alpha lttjlOOO Kentuck 07
70O Andes 95 4OO Mexican 3 8O
300 Belcher 70: 2CO Mexican 3 OS.
100 Belcher 72 20O Occidental ... 8O
110O Belcher 74 100 Ophir 7 75
5C0 Bullion 23 100 Ophlr 7 62Vj
600 Caledonia ...1C0 500 Ophir 7 30
1C0 Caledonia ... 1 50 7<K> Ophlr T 23
200 Challenge- Con 50 OCO Overman .... 48
30O Challenge Con 47 20O Overman .... 4*
1400 Chollar 45 2CO Potosl *. BO
100 Chollar 40 10O PotrisJ 4»
400 Chollar 44 20O Potoal 4T
20o Con C & Va.3 50i 300 Potoal 43
100 Con C & Va.3 So 500 Savag» 1 0O
200 Con C A Va.". 4f> 400 Savage 1 f!5
4C0 Con C Sc Va.3 251 tOO Sierra Nev ..1 50
100 Con C & Va.3 30; 300 Sierra Nev . .1 43
200 Confidence ...1 60 20O Silver Hill .. 8rt
500 Con NY 131 50O St Louis 25
00O Crown Point. 45! 700 Rt Louis 30>
100 Crown Point. 4.1i 700 Ur^-m Con -.1 Si>
200 Exchequer .:. 40 2550 Union Con ..1 75
700 Exchequer ... 42. 700 Utah 4O
WO Gould & Cur. 80' SCO Utah «
200 Hal* & Nordl 0OJ14CO Yellow Jacket 55
1C0 Hale & Norc.l 10I21C0 Yellow Jacket 56
Afternoon Session.
ICO Alpha 1* 30O Mexican 3 SO
3CO Andes 95 2OO Occidental ... DH
10O BelcSer 70 20O Occidental ...10O
1 flOO Belcher .62 2CO Ophir 7 75
200 Best 4b Belch.2 0i> MO Overman 40
6CO BulUcn 24 300 Overman .... 3t
2C0 Caledonia . ..IM 1C0 Overman .... K»
t<X> Challenge Con 45 11.0 Potosl ....... 43
400 Challenge Con 47 200 Potosl 4
800 Chollar 44 MOO Potosl 45
500 Con C & Va.3 0O 20O Sa.vags $>«
10CO Con Imperial. 05 41 CO Scorpion 09
2W> Confidence ...1 40 700 Peg Belcher.. 25
100 Confidence ...1 43 200 Sierra Nev ..1 40
, 500 Con NY 1« 1C0 Silver Hill .. 83
200 Crown Point. 41 2C0 Silver Hill .. B<>
ICO Exchequer ... 3.8 I11O St Louis r»
100 Gould * Cur. SS 600 Si Louis .... ZT
100 Ha<» & Norcl 00 20O St Louis .... 21
500 Hale & Norc. 98 50O Pt Louts 25
500 Hale & Norc.l 05 1200 St Louis .... XV
1000 Julia 13 20O St Louis' M
6C0 Justice 17 j 5C0 St Louis 23
600 Justice IS 600 Union Con ..1 75
5CO Kentuck 09 ltnrt Utah 37
500 Kentuck Cs! 200 Yellow Jacket 54
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales pa the PaciSd
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
MX) Alpha Con .. 17 200 Ophlr ....... .7 TS
200 Andes 70 200 Ophir 9 0O
ICO Andes .- «5 50 Ophir 8 37%
100 Andes «7 100 Ophir T «2'-j
10O Andes K> 10O Overman . . . . • f*
100 Andes 03 200 Poto«i 41
100 Belcher 73 200 Potosl ....... 44
100 Belcher <£ 300 Potosi 45
IOO Best & Belch.3 20 200 Potosi 43
100 Best & Belch.2 7.V 20O Savaga 1 CO
200 Caledonia ...1 50 150O Scorpion ..... OS
600 Caledonia ...1 «3j70CO Scorpion ..... ©ft
200 Caledonia ...ICO Hurt Scorpion 07
200 Chollar 44 200 Seg Belcher.. 1».
1400 Chollar 43 500 Se* Belcher.. 20
1000 Chollar 43f 500 S«?s Belcher. . El
200 Chollar 47 IOO Sierra Nev ..I 60
100 Con C & Va.J S3 IOO Sierra Ner.X 57%
10OO Con NT.... 15 700 Sierra Nev . .1 5O
«X> Crown Point. 4« 3C0 Sierra Nev.l- 47*i
20O Crown Point. 44 4CO Sierra N«v ..1 «5
100 Crown Point. 45 IOO Sierra Nev.l SJi-i
400 Crown Point. 43 100 Sierra Nev ..1 40
i 400 Crown Point. 42 200 Silver Hill .. 75
200 Exchequer ... 40 300 Silver Hill •.. *O
' SCO Gould * Cur. J>8| 100 Union Con.. 1 97>V
200 Gould & Cur. OOl 200 Union Con ..1 OS
10O Gould A Cur. 07, IOO Union Con ..1 70>
IOO Gould & Cur.l OOl IOO Union Con.. I «7\i
IOO Hale & Norcl W ICO Union Con ..1 so
SCO Jnlla^ lf>f SCO Union Con ..1 75
S00 Mexican 4 15 700 Union Con -.2 W>
200 Mexican 4 20 200 Union Con..l 8m
500 Mexican 4 10 100 Utah 43
300 Mexican 3 85 700 Yellow Jacket TO
IOO Mexican ...3 82% 5OO Yellow Jacket B5
100 Mexican 4 00 ino Yellow Jacket 'M
100 Ophlr 8 62% 100 Yellow Jacket 3»
200 Ophlr S 50i . -;•¦¦
Afternoon Sesalon.
lfiO Andes 9t ' 100 Gould & Cur. 85
200 Andes »3 IOO Justice l.»
200 Andes 97 IOO Justice 5f>
100 Best & Belch.3 CO 20O Mexican 3 W>
IOO Best & Belch.3 C5 3CO Occidental ...1 OO
500 Caledonia ...ICO 50 Ophir 7 75
100 Challenge Con 43 IOO Overman .... 38
100 Challenge Con 44 IOO Overman .... 39
100 Chollar 4.5 ICO Potoai 42
IOO Chollar 42 ICO Potosi 44
2CO Con C A Va.3 15 110O Scorpion C9
400 Con C & Va.3 On 200 Sierra Nev ..MS
200 Con C £ Va.3 C5 IOO Sierra Nev ..1 4O
1300 Con Imperial. 00 100 Silver Hill .. S2
ICO Con N Y 15 200 Union Con ..1 75
IOO Exchequer ... 30 IOO Utah 4t
300 Exchequer ... 34 30O Yellow Jacket 32
ICO Gould &. Cur. 88 200 Yellow Jacket. XI 4
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the safes on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange . yasterday:
Morning Session.
30O Gold Anchor.' 291 SCO Mont Ton.. 117%
500 MacNamara . Ill ICO Ton N Star.. . 35
lCCO Mont Ton ...1 20|
Afternoon Session.
500 Brunswick ... itt 200 Mon{ Ton'...l 20
200 Evelyn 25 150 Rescue vctl
ICO MacNamara . 10 ICO Ton Belmont. 67
10 Mont Ton ...1 25 200 Ton Midway.. 44
¦ CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY. Jan. 11 — 4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. j Bld.Ajk.
Alpha 13 " lSIJustice .. IM 19
Alta 12 14|Kentuck CS 1O
Andes JO 85jKeyes Graes. —175
Belchef 6° «2j Lady .Wash. . — 08
Best * Belch.3 10 3 23| Mexican 3 «5 3 70
Bullion 20 25j Occidental ... 96 1 00
Caledonia ...1 40 1 50 Ophlr 7 50 7 62**
Challenge Con 40 4? Overman .....35 So 1
Chollar 40 4UjPotost 40 42
Confidence ...1 25 1 .'..'.Savage »?. 8.1
Con C & Va.2 ftO 3 rn Scorpion . CX . 10
Con Imperial. 04 Co'Se^ Belcher.. 22 23
Con N Y 14 — ISIerra Nev ..1 35' 1*40
Crown Point. 41 42, Silver Hill .. m ,S4
Eureka Con. . — to, St Louis .... 27 . —
Exchefier •- 25 2!) Syndicate 04. . (Hi
Gould*:Cur. SO S2iUnion Con ..1 «5 1 73
Hale & Norc. »* 1 on: Utah ; • 36 . n.^
Jalla 12 IS' Yellow Jacket 48 50
TONOPAH MINES.
Bid.Aak.1 . . . Bid. Ask.
Gold Anchor. 28 ."'.0 Rescue C4 . —
Hannapah Mu 15 23 Ton Belmont. 60 KO
MacNamara . 10 —I Ton £ Cal... — . 23.
Mlzpah Ex .. — 25"Ton of Nev. 5 25 C 25
Mont Ton..l 17% — iTon N Star.. .31 .13
N Y Ton ... — CSiTon Midway.. 42 44
Paymaster ... 07- — -Ton Superior. BO '.'"3
I Bay & OBrien — - XltCjdted Ton.".' CB 13
Receipts were 20,700 lbs Butter, 680 cases
Eggs and 2500 lbs Cheese. •• "J
BUTTER— Creamery, 26^27%c for extras
and 21@25c for second: dairy. 19®24c: store
butter, nominal; cold storage. lS@-22c per lb
for ordinary, and 22 'A©24c for extras. • .'
¦CHEESE— ll@ll%c for the general markst,
12©12»4c (cr select mild new and'10<?£10%c for
: lowtr grades; Young Americas. 12%@loc; East
; ern.- 15@16c; Western, 14<§15c per lb.
EGGS — Ranch, 3CtfI32%c for choice to fancy
and 2S©2!»c for- small' and mixed colors: store.
2ri@2Sc: cold storage. 25<926c; Eastern, 23324c
for cold storage.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Dullness continued to characterize the mar
ket for Citrus fruits yesterday, as the con
tinued c*bol weather checked local trade end
there was \'ery little Inquiry from outside
points. Offerings were large, both In the open
market and at the auction sale, and prices of
all grades of Navel Oranges were quoted lower.
The toj> quotation for Navels' was an extreme
figure for desirable sizes of special brands. At
the auction . eleven .cars, . including three of
fancy Redlands fruit., were sold as follows:
Fancy Redlandh. $1 40«z2; ordinary fancy. $1®
1 75; choice, S5c@$l 50; standards, 45c<g$l.
The top price for -the -Redlands fruit was ob
tained only for one lot of twenty-one boxes of
large sizes, $1 90 being the top-for the general
run of offerings. Tangerines and Japanese
Mandarins were practically unsalable, al
tbcuph offered at sharply reduced rates. Mexi
can Limes were weak but unchanged. A
steamer which arrived on the preceding day
brought 320 cases.
Supplies of Appl*3 have been gradually di
minishing during the past few days under light
receipts. S but the market is still overstocked
ar.O dull. Dtalers have been advising . pro
1 ducerj not to ship, and there are very few be
; ing withdrawn frcm cold storace.
APPLES — Fancy Kpltzenbergs. $1 50@l 73
per box; other varieties. $1@1 40 for fancy.
50<590c for choice and 2r.#40c for common.
PEARS— Winter Neilis from cold storage,
-$1 50<52 per box.
CITRUS FRUITS — Navel Oranges.' $1 50@
2 25 per box for fancy. $1@1 60 for choice and
6Oc4i$l for standards: Seedlings. 5Oc0.fl:
Tanjarerlne*. 00c©$l per box; Japanese ilan
darlns. 7Hstf?"l for half boxes; Lemons, $1 75
(g2 50 lor fancy, $1 2501 r.O for cnoice, «nd
7£c®$l for standard; Grape* Fruit. $lig2: Mex
icanLlmes, $4@4 50: Bananas. $1@2 per bunch
• for Hawaiian and $2@2 50 for Central Amer
ican; Pineapples. $2@3 per' dozen.
Dried FruitSfNuts, Raisins, Honey
Mail reports from New York say of Raisins:
"In, the line "of -California .'fruit -the only In
dication of ' weakness' Is found In connection
with Raisins, and that stems to be confined to
the consuming markets. Jobbers here are not
Interested In the situation except as to possible
developments at the expiration of the time in
which present, prices .are guaranteed by the
1 Raisln-srowers', Association. That will not
l>e" until February l; and meanwhile there is
no disposition to buy except against the actual
wants of the. moment. Prices on association
Ecods : appear tf> be maintained in this market.
but there is sairl tu.be- a disposition on the part
of holders of outside stock to Increase the pres
ent rhadinjc Of a quarter of a cent from asso
ciation quotations, in the hope of stimulating
buying interest.'.' ,
FRUIT— Apricots. "U^Cftc for Royals and 9
611c for Mocrparks; Evaporated Apples. 4®
6%c; sun-dried, 3®4c; Peaches. 4@ti%c; Pears.
0©10c; Nectarines. 4@5%c; Figs, white, 4©-j%c :
in boxes: black. 4%c: Plums, pitted. ti@Oc per
PRUNES — 1903 crop. 2%©2%e for the four ;
RAISINS— F. o. b. prices. Fresno, for 1903 '
crop: 50-lb boxes — Loose Muscatel, 2-crown. j
5»/iC per lb: 3-crown. 5^.c; 4-crown. 6%c; Swd- i
les* Muscetelf. 4>/ic: do. floated. 4%c; un
bleached Sultanas. 41-jc: Thompson's Seedle*.. :
5%c. London Layers — 2-crown. SI 25; 5-crown,
$1 :i5; 4-crown clusters. $2; 5-crown Dehesan. :
$2 50: 6-crown Imperials, $3: Malaga Ixxme. 2- .
crown. 5c per lb; do 8-crown. 5%e; Valencia
Cured. 4%c; Pacific, do. Z^c; Oriental, do.
2%c. Seeded V.aislns— l«i-oz' packages, fancy.
Sc per lb; choice. 7%c: 12-oz packages, fancy.
»»%c; choice. ti%c; In bulk, fancy, "!%<:¦, choice, ;
7%c. ;
NUTS — Walnut*. No. t foftjhell. ]:',ueitc;
No. 2 HV4312c: No. 1 hardshell. lMlihu,c;
No. 2. HJJll'Ac: Almonds, lie for Nonpareils.
10%c for I X"L. 10V.C for Ne Plus, Ultra and,
S-TSc for Lunj?uedoc; Peanuts. 0*I7c for Eastern; I
Pe-iins, U<Jl."c: Cocoanuts. $4 50(35; Chest
nu.*. 8® 10c n*r lb. " .
HONEY— Comb. 10@ll%> for white and 8%f»
ft%c for amber: water white extracted. Sit
5Vie: lleht amber extracted. 4%@t%c: dark.
SU!f?»c.
EEESW AX— 27020c oer lb.
Provisions:
The feeling at Chicaro was wnak. Hogs
were in large receipt and prices at the yards,
were 15ifJ"0c lowr. Stocks of Provision* ar«
rapidly accumulaflng and the packers are free
sellers. Outsiders are well leaded up and lower
prices are expected.
This market in weak and quiet.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. ll%c per lb for
heavy. 12e for light medium. 14c for light.
14%c for *xtra light. 18c for sugar-cured and
20c" frt- extra yufrar-cured; Eastern susar-cured
Hams. 1-lr: California Hams. ISUfilSttel Mess
Beef. $11 .V> oer bhl; extra TJes< »12S12 5i»;
Family. $!•": prime Mer» Potk. ?17: extra c!e«r.
$24: Mess. *I0: Dry S'alted Pork. 12c; ?!» Pork.
$2S; Pijrs' Feet, $5 25; fimoked Beef. 15c per lb
LARD— Tierces quoted nt 7V«.c per.lb for
eornpnund and 9c for oure: half-barrels, pur*.
»Uc: 10-lb tins. 0^c; ."-lb tins. 0%c; 3-lb tins.
10c. ¦ ¦¦ . .
COTTOLENE — One half barrel. fiv«c: thr^e
half barrels. S%c; one tierce.. s*4e; two tierces.
8Vjc: five tierce*. S-%ic per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
• bout %$lc under quotations. Heavy salted :
Steers. We:. medium. £c: light. 7%c; Cow Hides.
7».4c for liea\-y anil 7'.4c for llsht: Stags. 5c;
Salted Kid.-»c:- Palt«d Veal. 10c; Salted Calf.
lOw.c; dry Hide?. lr.CKic; dry Kip. 13c; dry Calf,
lflc"; Sheepskins, shenrllngs. 2.'i'Ii.J<>c each; short
Wool. 40*?t;0t each; medium. 70i!j 90c; long
Wool. $l&\ 5«: Horse Hides, nalt. $2 75 for
large and $2«2 50 for medium. $1 25®l 75 for
urnxll and.firtr for Colt*, -llorre. Hide3. riry. :
$1. 75 for large and $1 RO for medium. 5101 25
for email and 50c for Colts. Buck Skins — Dry ;
Mexican. 31c: dry salted Mexican. 25c: dry
Central American. 31c. Goat Skins— Prime An- i
goras, 75c; large and smooth. 50c; medium. 35c;
sirall. "-<V ,
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4»,ic per lb; No.
2. 4c: grease. 2%H3c.. ¦ ,
WOOL. — Fall clip — San Joaruln -Lambs'. 0®
lie; Middle County. HffilSc: Northern Free.
116212c Northern Defective. 10<»llc; Humbftldt
and Mendocfno. 12^140; Nevada. l.TQlSe; Ore
gnn fin*, isifri'tc; Orepon medlun. 17c per lb. ¦
HOPS— S0©25c rer lb for California.
Meat Market.
Previous prices rule for all descriptions and
the market shows no change.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are ;ift follows:
- UEEF— U%67%c for Steers and 6®6%c per
lb for Cows.
VEAL — Large. SSlDc; small. ' 0$f 10c P«r lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 8@S%c; Ewes. 7©3%c
per lb.
LAMB— Oi^eiOe ner lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs, 7igS%c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations arc fcr good, sound
Livestock, delivered in San. Francisco. Was 50
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers. S@9c:\ Cows and Heifers.
7fj8c; thin Cows. 4©5c Der lb.
CALVES— 4S4%c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 3%©4c; Twes. 3t4©3%e
per Ih (ftrcsK weight).
LAMBS — IV-P5C per lb. - ,
HOGS— Live" Hogs. 140 to l,«0-lbs. 5ii«5%c;
over ISO lbs. 5c: soft Hcgs, 4%c; sows. 20 par
cent off: Boars. 60 per cent ofT. and Stass.' 40
per cent off from above quotations. -
General Merchandise.
DAGS— Grain Bags. 5@5%c; San' QuentLi.
5.56c: Wool Bags. 32@35c; Fleece Twine. 7%© i
He. ¦¦.'-.. ;
COAL— Wellington. |S per ton; New Wei- I
llngton. $8. Seattle. $8 CO; Bryant. $0 50; Bea- ;
ver Hill. *5 60; • Standard,' J7; Roslyn, $7.
Coos Bay. $5 50; Greta. $7: Wallsend. ST; Rich- !
mend, 57 50: Cumberland. $13 in bulk and
$14 25 in sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Esg.
$14, Welsh Anthracite Egg. fVi; Welsh Lump. I
$11 S0;Canhel. S8 50 per ton; Coke. $11 5Oj? ,
13 per ton in bulk and $15 In sacks; Rocky
Mountain descriptions. $11 45 per 2000 lbs and
$12 80 per long ton, according to- brand. -
OILS — Quotations are for barrels;' for cases,
add 5c. Linseed, 45c per gallon for boiled and
43c for raw; Castor Oil. In ca5es. No. 1. 70c:
Bakers' AA. *1 1O«J1 12: Lucot, 44c for boiled
and 42c for raw; China Nut, COS'Oe per gallon;
Cocoanut OH. in barrels.* 58c for Ceylon and 55c
for Australian; extra bleached winter Sperm
Oil, 80c: natural, winter Sperm Oil. 75c: extra 1
bleached Winter Whale Oil. 05c: natural Whale '
Oil. eoo: extra winter strained Lard Oil. 85c-
No., 1 Lard Oil. 75c: pure Neatsfoot Oil. 75c:
No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil, e5c; light Herring OU." 45c;
dark Herring Oil. 4.1c; Salmon Oil; 3Sc: boiled
FUh Oil. 40c; raw Fish Oil. 38c; boiled Paint 1
Oil. 35c: rtxwEaint Oil. 33c • »
COAL OIL- Water . *Vhlte .Coal.- Oil
ln-buik, lEc: Pearl Oil In cases. 21%c; Astral.
2TV.c; Star. 21 %c; Extra Star. 25Uc: EIaln«. i
27%*c: Eocene 24%c: deodorized Stove Gasoline, j
In bulk. 17c; in cases. 23%c: Benzine, in bulk. 1
13c: In cases. lD%c:, SB-degree Gasoline. In
bulk -25c: In ca«es. 3Ic. ¦ t i
TURPENTINE— 83c per gallon In cases and
77c In drums and Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 6%f?
7coer lb:-WMte Lead. OV4®7c. according to,
quantity. ' .
RICEr-Chlna No. 2. $4 .1^4 '45; No. 1, $3 75
65; extra No. 1, $0 25'S(i CO; Hawaiian. $3 23;
Japan. *5 25'a5 SO;". Louisiana, $1 :;0fi<; 75.
' SUGAR— Th<>" Western Sugar Reflnlns Com
pany. quotes as follows, pfr lb. la 100-lb bags:
Cubes. .A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.ft5c:
Powdered/ 5.60c; Candy Granulated, 5.50c: Dry
Granulated, fine. 5.40c: Dry Granulated, coarse.'
R.40c; Fruit Granulated. .5.40c: -Beet Granu
lated <10O-lb bags only). 5.20c: Confectioners'
A. B.40c:. Magnolia A, Rc; v . Extra C. 4.00c;
Golden C.4.80c:i'D.". 4.70c; barrel?.' 10c more;
half barrels. '25c more: boxes. . &0r more:'R0-lh
bags. '10C more -for': all" kinds.- - Tablets — Half
barrels. 1 5.00c: boxes. 6.15e: H. A E. Crystal
Domlnos. . 8.40c ' per lb. . ¦. No orders taken for
less than seventy-five barrels or its equivalent.
Colo South let pfd. 200 57 66% 56%
Colo Houth 2d pfd.. 1.4O0 27% 27% 27
Delaware & Hudson 200 16* 165 164%
Del, Lack & West. t*00 274 272% 2ti9%
Denvfr & Rio G 20%
Drn & Rio O pfd.. 300 70 70 69 >4
Erie 11,300 2S% 2S% 2S^
Erie 1st pfd 1,200 6S«4 67-i 67-%
Erie 2d pfd 700 43»* 4S% 4S^i
Great Northern pfd 170
Hocking Valley 74%
Hocking Val pfd 83%
Illinois Central 1.600 13Hi 13014 131
Iowa Central 100 22 22 21%
Iowa Central pfd 4OV4
K C Southern 19
K C Southern pfd.. 1.100 37>£ 36 T » 37
Louis & Nash 2.200 10S% 107>S4 108%
Manhattan L 1.C00 143 143 142%
MTJW'MuSr: 1 : 600 122V4 121% *%*
Missouri Pacific 8,700 6314 92% 02%
Mo Kan & Tex.... 400 IS 17% 17H
M.K&Tpfd 3.3f>0 40% 39>j 29>^
Ml R R Mex pfd.. 2.200 41 39 SdS
v- 6^ ,T ork CentraJ * 3.300 -120U 119% 119H
Norfolk & Western.- (500 57% 57% 67%
Nor & West pfd .... " S5 7 *
Nor Securities 8374
Ontario & Western. 600 21"i 21»i *>1%
Pennsylvania 77.200 120% 118% 113$
*% C C & fct Louis. 83
Reading 1st pfd -714
Readinr2d pfd 6 g2
Rock Island Co 12,300 21 7 A 21 «i ' 21 2
ss^wsrS" io ° 69% "S n?
pil & sf 2d P f d . . . : : ; : ; ¦ 4"
et Louis & S W 1.30O 15 ii'ii. u $
Pt L& S W pfd.. 4.700 35H 34? 34%
Southern Pacific... 43.fcCO 49% i<*\ 48«<
Southern Railway.. 1.40O 20v; "0 "it
Southern Ry pfd... 4iX) 79% 7nu 7SU
It. st l & w pfd.. eoo 39 %.. 38« ;isu
Lnion Pacific 23,1(10 7!»4 7S? S«
\ nicn Pacific pfd.. 2.000 00 fjo 8^
wabaih 100 20% "nu iqil
Wabash pfd 12.500 M^ 37 5
Wheeling & L E.. .Vrt is it? Vti?
Wisconsin Central.. 2.20O JS»i I7A ie
"^rtU^nle^ 000 4 °^ «« «
-A<iams „„.
Amprican •-"• ffi
I nittd States JxX
V.VI Itl .Fareo [ £V " " j^
Miscellane-ius— • . . . • /uo
Amal Copper 4.300 515), 49^: we
Am C ana Ermniry. .. ft*
Am C and F nf<3... . /— ,.
Am Linseed Oil .. 200 i6" i6" "'tit
Am Lin Oil pfd.. oc
Am Locomotive .. S0() ii^i iril T7
Am Loco.pfd .... 100 77 77 7/51'
Am Sme:t and Ref afio 4S*4 4S 4k
Am B anl Ref pfd. .. * v i.! 80i'
Am Sugar Ref .... 5.700 120 ' 125ti 125U
Anaconda Mm C" "
Brook! yn R T .... Bt % rJl" 4ns-
Colo Fuel & Iron.. CM :ttf .29% 29 U
' Colurrhus & 11 Coal 700. i:,V» 14^ ?5
Oontolirtatod Gas .. 300 103 lD2'i lOl-^i
j General Electric ... 400 175 174% 171 %
later Paper ,....._.. J* 0 ,?
j Inter Paper rfd '.. .JTr: .. " iu
! Inter Pump .- "" o rtt .
; Inter Pump pfd ......'. .'/.[ •¦•¦ "j^ 1
National Biscuit .. " * 37
National Lead 2,100 1T>% u'% 15
North American .. 1.400 S7% 81% 85
i Pacific Mall 100 28% 28% 27%
Ptople-s Ghs .- S00 88 »7% 91 U
Pressed Steel Car "r *
PrtBsed Steel Cpfd- CS
! Pullman Pal Car "' of^ii
j Republic Steel 100 7 ' 7" " 6«4
Republic Steel prd 500 41% 41% 41
I Rubt^er Goods 300 18% 18% 18V.
I Rubber Goo Is pfd 75^
j Tenn Coal & Iron. 700 37 36Vi S6Vi
I U B Leather 100 7% 7% 7U
' U S Leather pfd.. Q00 77% 77 »i 77 Vi
I I' S Rubber 200 11 11 * io%
) I* K H-Jbber pfd .. 200 42% 42% 4«>
I; S .«teel 5.700 10% 10% 10%
j U S Steel pfd .... 27,200 .%7% 3Gft '56%
Western Union ... 1,200 85% •' 8SH SSVi
Totais 4fj8.000 shares.
VNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK. Jan. 11.— Bond' transactions
T'nited Railroads of San. Francnico: 25.000 at
7t>V»; |0l009 at 7ff%: 15.C00 at 76 1 ,4.' .
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY. *
NEW YORK. Jan. 11.— Amerjcan Can. cem
mon bid 8%, asked 3%: preferred bid 32%.
asked 33. *• ~ ' .' ¦ -•- .
NEW YORK BONDS.
D S ref 2s. reg.. 105% l & N unified 4s. 9S%
Do coupon 105^ Jian con gold 4s.lO2%
Do 3s. reg.... -.100% Mex Cent 4s 70%
Do coupon ....106% Do 1st lnc 15%
Do new 4s. rcg.lS" Minn & St L 4s.. 07 r
Do coupon mViiM K &;T 4s.... fW%
Do old 4s. reg. 107% j Do 2ds : . . SO
Do coupon 107%iNR of Mex con4s. 75%
Do 5s. reg J0H4 NYC gen 3«As.. 07T-4
Do coupon 101 Vi N J C gen .5s. ..128%
Atch gen 4s -99 Nor Pac 4s 102%
Do adj 4k 8?tt Do as .... 71 U
Atlantic C Line 4s 93% j Nor & W con 4s. <J(i%
Eal & Ohio 4s...lOO ; ;-iiO S L 4s & partic 92V4
Do :s%« ni%fp a cony :{%n qt>%
Central- of Ga 5s.l0t% i Reading Gen 4s.'. 95
Do 1st «nc . «« |S I, fc I M con Ss.lllH
Ches & Ohio «%«.102^|S L & 8 F f? 4s. S:{%
Chi & Alton "V.s. 75 *St Louis S \V lsts KU
C. B & Q new 4s. !il% (Seaboard A L 4s. 57%
C.M&St I' gen 4s. 1 ON W, So Pac U SSV.
C & N W con Ts.niH So Ry 5s im:
C. R I & PR U4s «'.H»t T«?x A Pac 1st*. 11H
Do col 5s 75 Tol. S L & \V 4s. 72
C.C.C i- StL gn4s KK Union PEcific 4s.. 101'
Chi Term 4s 80V» Do conv 4s..... Ofi^I
Cons Tobacco 4s.. 57 V S Steel 2d 5s .70%
Colo & So 4s R7H Wabash lsts lib
Don & Rio G 4s. 93 Do deb B 6T,i;
Erie prior lien 4s. O7'4 W &. L Erie 4».. S7 '
Do (ten 4s 84%;\Vi» Cent 4s H9U
F W Jfc D C lgts.l(r?%Co!o Fuel & I... 71-v
Hock Val 4Us 104%'
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 13' Little Chief .... 07
Alice 25! Ontario 0 CO
Breece ll»j Ophlr c 20
l'.runs Con <>3 Potosl 3js
Com Tunnel 07'£ Savage 7s
Con Cal * Va 2.8'l Sierra Ncv i 20
Horn Silver 1 05 .-mall Hopes ....' 22
Iron fiilver 1 25 Standard j 50
Leadvill* Con m .
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — . Westing Com ... 81
Call loans 4%©5% Mining-
Time loans ...5.@6 Adventure 2%
Bonds — • • -.: Allouez 4%
Atchison 4s 0t>?4 Amal Copper ... 49%
Mex Cent 4s..... 70 Daly West '34%
Hallroads — * Blngham 22 Vi
AtchlEon C7% Calumet & Hecla 4V3
Do pfd 89 Centennial ." 10%
Boston & Albany.244 Copper Range .. 45%
P.o*toti &¦ Maine. HMf Dom Coal (j«4
Boston Elev 140 Franklin ........ s5
NY N H & H..193 Isle Royale ..... 7%
Fitchburg pfd 1.13 Mohatvk ; . .^i?
Union Pacific .... 78% Old Dom jow
Mex Cent :.' 13% Osceola ..... ..-.. co
Mincelleneous — ¦ Parrot 21 >4
Amer Sugar 123 Qulncy .:.,...• 95
Do pM. :..124' Hanta Fo Copjifer. «%
Amer -Tel & Tel. 129 ' Tamarack 10s '
Dom Iron & S... S«4 Trinity , . r
G<n Electric ....175 United States ... in
M»ss Electric .:'. Utah .:.:.' yav(«
Do pfd 83 Victoria . 2"i
United Fruit 67 Wlnofta ' 71?
U B Steel 10% Wolverine 70
Do pfd ...riGfti . .
LONDON CLOSING' STOCKS.
Cons for money.RS 7-16| N Y"' Central" . ...124%
Do for acct.6S 13- 16 Nor & West '. 53 ¦
Anaccfida , ... 4 Do'pM 1 90
AtchUon '. f.9% Onf&.West ..... 22%
Do pfd JU-"H Pennsylvania .... 61%
Bal & Ohio ,... SZ% Rand .Mines ....:•' flS
Can Pacific .:... 121 Reading ..'23U
Ches & Ohio .34% .Do 1st pfd.i... 4 4l
Chi Great 'West.. KU4 -'Do 2d pfd...^."~3(>
Chi. Mil /: 8t P.14SH So Railway ..... "o^
De Beers 20% l -?Do pfd . .'*. , : . . ; si»i
TDen &;Rio <3..;. 21- So JJiPiflc .' . [ : ;. . , 50-v
Do pM 70*4 L'nten Pacific.;... 8t<2
Erie 21% Do pfd ..i..... 02 ¦
Do let-pfd..... 70- its ste#t :.^.;...;ii fi
Do 2d pfd.:;... fi0 r '- V:Do pfd .:.%..-.. 59*4
111 Central 1S5. jwabash', .'....... 20%
I/iuIs & Nash. ..111%" Do pfd .-,.,,..". 33%
m. K & Tex isuJ . . .... vyTr-
Bar" niH-er — 27 SrlCd-per' ounce.' ..•'. - '.:>*.;"./
Moaer— 3©3% PT cent. •':¦—::¦-'';'.' 'r\"'
The rate of discount In the open market Ttor
Potatoes in hcavylrcccipt, but steady.
. 7"rcY> cars of Western Poultry marketed. Game generally lower.
Oranges dull and lower, zcith eleven cars auctioned.
Business on the Stock and Bond Exchange
was very fair and there were a number of
fluctuations. Alaska, Packers was lower at
Jl3.V(j 1:53. against |135 25 on Saturday, and
Giant Powder sold off to $61 50. while .Spring
Valley Water advanced to J42. against $40 an
Saturday. The excitement in Gas and Electric
has subsided, for the present at least, and the
stock was steady at $59. There was a sale of
$2000 California Northwestern 5s (unlisted) at
$110 75.
The mining stocks continued excited, and
opened the week still higher, with Ophir selling
ing the forenoon up to $8 62%. against $7 as
the'closins price last week; Consolidated Cali
fornia and Virginia up to $3 CO, Mexican up to
$4 20. Gould & Curry up to $1. Union up to $2.
and so on. Toward noon the market weakened,
however, and the high prices were lost later en
j In the day. The Andes Mining Company levied
: an Essessment of 10c.
i The. oil stocks were quiet, with Home selling
at $1 07%<£l 12%.
.-. E *-dlviden<23 yesterday: Marin County Water
! Company, regular quarterly, 75c per share.
' amounting to $45u0; Giant Consolidated
Powder Company, regular monthly, 50c p«r
share, amounting to $10,000; California Wine
Association, regular monthly, 60c per share,
amounting to $2vl.O23 20; First National Bank
.or tan Francisco, regular semi-annual, at th«
r rate of 10 per rent, amounting: to $75,000.
This, with the extra dividend of 5 per cent de
clared In December, makes a return to stock
holders of lo per cent for the past year.
Stock and Bond ExcJiange.
MONDAT. Jan." 11—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. j Bid Ask.
4a qr coup.. 107m 09 H Us qr cp newl&mmu
4s qr reg... 107V, 108% 1 3s qr coup..l06%lC8
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. — — . O T Co 6s., 116 ~
Bay CPC Ss.lCl%lC3 Do 5s .. 1C8
Cal C Q 5s. — 106% Do con 5b. — 101
Cal C & E g Oceanic S 5s. — .75
m & ct 5s. — 104 Om Cable 6s.l2O 124
I Cal-st 5S....114 — rac G Im 4«. 95 IOO
C C Wat 5s. — 1C0 P E Ry 5s.lO4%lO5
; Ed L & P fis.120 — p & C H 6S.103H —
• F ft C H €•. — 117 P ft O R 6s. — 117%
Oeary-st 5s.. 45% W\ Powell-st Cs.llSU —
H C&S 5%s.lO4 — \ SE G#-R 5s. — 100%
H C & S 5s. — 100 SF & SJV5s.ll7VU17»i
Hon P. T Gs.105 10ti% S R of C Gs.112% —
L A Elec 5s. — — S P of A 6s
L A Ry 5sll2H — (1909) 104%l<ViU
L A L Co 6s. — — (1310) ....HttfttOe
Do gtd 6s. — — S P of C 6«
Do gtd Gs. — 1044 (190»)Sr A.103 1W
LAP lem 5s. 106 102 \ riitfMSr B 104%
Mkt-Bt C fis.115% — (1906) 104% —
Do lcm 5s. 113 — (1012) -115U —
NKR of C6S.1OUJ — SPC 1 eg 5s. — " —
Do 5s 115^i — Do stmpd.l07U10SU
N P C R 5s. — . 103H S P B R 6s. — 131
NCR 5s.. — 113 a V W 6s..lO6U —
N C P C 5s. — lfil Do 4s 2dm. 99 Vi C9?i
N S R R 5s. 98 100 Do 43 3<Jm. 9S% 9:»
O G L H 5s.lO7% — Stkn G&E *s — 100
O W gtd 5s. — 1*> 1" G ft E !s. — 105
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Co»ta — 41 1 Port Costa . . — — '
Marin Co... — «l Is V W Co. 41*i —
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. :;% — S F G A E. 58% —
Mutual E L. 7 0 Etkn G & E. 5 —
Pac L Co.. 53% — U G & E.. — 39
Sac E G * R - —
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
S F O &. K. 3S% — I
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd.325 — |
DANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk.l2u 125 L P & A. .. — ' 170
Anglo-Cal .. «3 — Mer Trii«t... — 2024
Bank of Cal. — 4Kl> Merch Ex... —
Cal Safe Dp. 147 V. 130 S F Natlonl —
First Natlonl — —
SAVINGS BANKS.
! Ger S & L. — 2350 Sav & L So. — 100
; Hum S & L. — — Sec Sav Bk. — 450
.Mutual Bav.103 — Union T Co. —
S F Sav U.023 7GU
BTP.EET RAILROADS.
California- ..i:il> 205 1 Presidio 36 40
, Geary — no J
i POWDER. «
Giant C2 4Ti
SUGAR.
Kana P Co. — 3Uc Kllauea S C. — S
Hawaiian C. 4:5% — MaScawell C. 22% 22>i
Hcnokaa S c 12 12^ Onomea S C. — ao
! Hutch SPC— S I'»auhau S C — 4
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A. 132 l.« t Oceanic S C 4 5 .
Cal F C A. U-S. (HWiPae Aux FA 5 —
Cal Wine A. smfc W4 I Pac C Borx.167
Morning Session.
~ Beard — v
10 Alaska Packers' Association... 135 00
:iu Hawaiian Com & Sugar 43 00
3S0 S F Gas & Electric 53 uo
5 Spring Valley Water Co 42 00
S5.C00 Market-st Ry 1st con 5s 11.1 25
$3,000 N P C It R 5 per cent 105 OO
$l.C0O S F & S J V 5 per cent 117 75
?l,00O B P of Arizona (1010) 106 CO
S7.0C0 Spring Val 4s (2d mtge) 09 50
$15,CC0 S P of C B per cent (1006)... 104 S"4
Street— • ¦ ¦
40 Anglo-Cal Bank "85 CO
25 Hawaiian Com & Sugar 4:: 75
1 $1,000 Spring Val 4s t2d mtge).. .... 98 23
Afternoon Session. .
Board —
j - "35 Alaska Packers' Association... 134 00
SO Alaska Packers 1 Association... l;« CO
20 California Wine Association.. 03 75
6 Giant Powder Con «i 50
40 S F Gaa & Electric ».K)OO
1 30 Spring Valley Water Co 42 UO
30 Spring Valley Water Co..... 41 87%
j $1.CCO 1'ae Elect Ry 5 per cent 1C5 00
Street—
SOS K Gaa &. Electric 50 00
S5.C00 Pac Elect Ry 5 per cent 105 00 '
$.1,000 S P of Arizona (1900). cash.. 103 00
California Stock and OilExchangz
Oil Slocks— - Bid. . Asked.
.Alma 1 «a
jAp*no ::: ."4 2 :
Associated Trust Cert \t%
Aztec .;
C&IfONiia Standard - "ii
Caribou 1 40
Central Print Con 1 1! I
Chicago Crude -.
Claremont 37 ....
Egpcrann 1 50 ¦ . . . . i
Four 69
Fulton 4*06
j Giant 25
Hanford 13? 00 14100
Home.. 112%
Imperial ....'
Independence ;.. 11 '¦ "V 14"
Junction , m
Kern 4 50 4 75
, Kern River 13 00
1 Lion * 03
Monarch cf Arizona 40 ....
Monte Cri> to :...-.... <J5
Occidental of W Va ....• . i«
! Oil City Petroleum 27 A
Peerlees 14 CO ....
; Plttsburg :.. ¦ '....
1 Reed Crude 4 30 ....
S F & MeKlttrick ....
San Joaquin O & D ....
Senator K5 ....
Sovereign 37 40
Sterling 2 50 ....•
Superior 05 07
Thirty-three 600 70O
Tcltec ." 21
Twenty-eight 4 50 ....
West Shora .... 3 00
Miscellaneous — _ ..-'_
Abby Land & Improvement.. ...". 1 .V)
Alimeda Sugar 29 00
American Biscuit 75 00 .....
'American District Tel. ;.. ....
Cal Gas & Electric Corp.... .... ....
California Cotton Mills .. S9 CO 05 00
California Jockey Club .... 10ft OO
California Shipping Co...... ....
Cal Title: ins &- Trust 130 00 140 00
Central Bank of Oakland 60 00 ....
Chutes Company ............
Cypress Lawn Imp Co....... C 50 « R7%
Fischer's Theater - 2 25
Gas Consumers' Association
Honolulu. Sugar ...' ' ...„''
! Northern. Cal Power 0 OO
North Shore Railroad .... ....
' Orpheum Company IB 00 ....
Pacific States Tel & Tel i\
Parafflne Paint 35 CO ....
San Francisco Drydock ....
Sanitary Reduction Works... . 1 50
! Fauralito Land & Ferry ....
i Sperry Flosr Company.'. ....
Standard Electric '. .. .:.. ' .'. . .
TcMft Coal Co 25 00 - " 30 00
Truckee Electric ....
Union Susar ....
United Gcs & Electric... ....
SALES.
Morning Session. *¦
Eoa;-d— • • ¦ • '
• SAO Nevada Co 42
1000 Home, b 00 1 12%
500. Home -.........-' • 1 1»
3C» Hcme .»... .":.... 107%
¦ ... Street—
3000 Associated IS
A fternoon ' Session.
Board — *>.
500 Lion ....j 01
H« Cypress Lewn 6 75
iC0;Uome-. ......-*.............. J K>,
Bhort bills is 3l*C3% per cent and for three
months 1 bills 3&@3% per cent.
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK. Jan. 11.— Call loans, 2%®3 per
cent.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. Jan. 11. — Flour — Receipts.
21,860 barrels; exports, 33,000 barrels; market
dull, but stead and unchanged.
WHEAT— Receipts, 10,725 bushels; exports.
15.879 bushels Spot, firm; No. 2 red, nom
inal, elevator and 95c f. o. b., afloat; No. 1
Northern Duluth, USVic f. o.- b... afloat. Op
tions opened steady and at one time daring
the forenoon showed strength on good Chi
cago buying, but for the last part acted w«ak.
The close was unchanged to' V4c higher. May,.
89H<3S9ftc. -doted. S9y t c; July. S5%G8flc,
Closed 86c.
HOPS— Firm. Pacific Coaet 1903 crop, 23® ¦
32e. .-:..,- • -.-."/
, HIDES — Firm. California 21 to 25 pounds,
¦19c .
WOOL — Firm.
PETROLEUM— Steady.
COFFEE — Spot Rio, steady. No. 1 invoice.
7%e; mild, steady; Cordova, 8%<5l3c. .. The
market for coffee futures elbsed steady, net
20 to 30 DOmtS lower. . Total sales. 124,000
bags, including: .January. 7.G5c: Febcuary,
7.15c; March, 7.2C@7.30c; April, 7.40c;. May,;
7.50@7.70c; July, 7.70<§7.«>0e; October, 8.00&;
8.15c. - : .
SUGAR— Raw. nominal. Fair reflntns,
215-16Q3c; centrifugal 96 test, 3T-ie®3Vjc;
molasses sugar, 2 ll-H3($2?ic. . Refined # w"as
quiet. ¦:.''¦ ' • '¦'¦.
' DRIED/FRUITS. ,'.-,- .
EVAPORATED A PPLES— The market for
evaporated apples le' steady to rather firm en ,
some prime fruit, but generally rules quiet..,
Common are Quoted ! at 4#5e: prime, 5J4c;
choice, 5V5@6c, and fancy at t»Vi£?7c. : "
PRUNES— Are In fair jobbing Remand, with
prices ranging, from 3%c- to 6^c, according ,to ,
grade. ¦ . • ¦''•''¦'.•. ?> •••': : -- '¦-.'•. '.• i
APRK3OTS— Are moving slowly. Choice, are- ;
quoted * O^iM^Vjc; extra choice- at 9&i@lQiic. :
and fancy at ll'aloc. :> . ' ; - . ¦ ¦:'. .* ¦ •' ¦. ' ¦ "i
TEACHES — Are quiet, with ¦ choice ¦' quoted •
at 7%<g7?4c; extra choice at 7?4©S?ic ana
fancy at U&igliOVic.' ,\ -.» \ .'
Cliicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO, Jan." ll.«— The wh»at market to
day was o. nervous affair, owing to -the uncei#
tainty surrounding the transactions of the lead-
Ing bull intcreFt. Opening prices were steady <
on the comparatively firm attitude of. the, early
Liverpool market, ' r.nd May was unchanged to
V 4 c higher at S6ig$CVic. The market eased oft
soon after opening on\ celling due to larger
world's shipments than expected and on liberal ;
rw«ipts, together with more peaceful news i
from the Far Kast. At S5%c there was con- I
eiderable buying by the big long. The Ucal ;
crowd followed the leading and the market be
came firmer. May advancing to &(J^c, when tlie |
big operator then changed his tactics and *old
freely, and with only ecant support Mey reacted
to 83 %C. The decline wns emphasized by the
lat» "Liverpool cables, which were quite weak.
I"o\vsir<! ihi^ clo&e thf> market ag^in rtrTnf 1 '] up
on advices frcm Argentina reporting unfavorr
able harvesting weather. The same interest
hai been prominent on both the buying and
felling side in the early dealing, but look a
pronounced stand during the last few minutes
of trading and bought heavily. The close v:»&
strong, with May at the top, SOSSO^c. a gain
of Vi© %c.
An improved "demand for cash corn, as well
as a better export buFlness, caused firmness In
the coin pit, in spite of a number of bearish
Influences. May closed at 47 l ,£c, the top price.
In oats thtre was little doing. May closed
unchanged at rw?»p
Provisions were weak early on exceptionally
heavy receipts of heps anil a decline of KVil.Vi
In prfc«=5 at the yards. The close was steady,
tvlth May porU 7>^c lower, lard unchanged and
ilbts off 2<;.c.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. Close. Low. Close
Wheat Xo. 2—
May ,S6i<J 8fi% Wi ?6%
July MVi M»s PO' S £1 Vi
September ... 78->i 79 7S>i 7U
Corn No. 2 —
January «V4 43% 43U «SU
May ........ ««Ti i'% 4C% 47( 8
July 4OV4 ' 4«H 4C 46%
Oats No. 2—
January 3C>i . 30% U6H 36?:
May :»•% M^i • 3!)', t -30%
July 36 36 £0% 33%'
Mecs Pork, per barrel —
January 12 50 12 32% 12 45. 12 45 '
May 12 CO 12 SO 12 CO 12 72 Vi
Lard, per 1<X) pounds —
January 6 47^ 6 55 0 47^ 0 55
May «) C7^i 0 80 0 67',i C 80
July C 75 6 S2>4 0 75 6 S2&
Short Ribs, per 100 pcunds —
January 6 7S
May A O 45 « 52% 0 45 « 60
July 6 55 (J 00 fl £15 U 57%
Cash quotations were as follows: . Flour,
steady. No. 3 spring wheats 76®6Cc; No. 2
red. 81^<gSt)Hc; No. 2 corn, 43%c: No. 2 yel
low. 45Vjc: No. 2 oats. 36%©37V4c; No. 3
white. 37630c : No. 2 rye. 53e; good feeding
barley. 37©3Sc; fair to choice malting, 4(5©
48c; No. 1 flax seed, 97c; No. 1 Northwett
ern. $1 C3; prime timothy seed. $3 25; mess
pork, per vb*rrel, |12 SG$12 JOSH :<l*ffl, per
100 pounds, $6 52V4iGG 55; ?hort ribs sides
(loose), f<> 12 J^«i« ."57%; short clear Elde-J.
(boxed). $6 62»i@ J 75; whisky, basis of high
wlnrs, $1 27; clover, contract grade, $11 50.
Articles — . . ¦ Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 27.B00 ' 14.U00
Wheat, bushels 36.900 2R.0O0
Corn, bushels 3C2.600 tj7,U0O
OaU, bushels 232.000 13U.200
Rye; bushels ."....10,000 ' 800
Barley, bushels : 29,900 5.3UO
On the Produce Exchange, to-day the Butter
market was quiet anU steady. Creams, 1«®2'Jc;j
dairy. 14<fi2Jc: eggs, easy, '.VJ©'.^. Cheese, i
steady, 10@10!*c. , . %¦
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — ¦ ¦ March. May.
Opening t>'5>4 t> 5
Closing \ 0 V.i 6 4%
TARIS.
Wheat — Jan. May-Aug.
Opening 21 25 21 20
Closing 21 20 ' 21 25
Flour — " . ¦
Opening 20 05 28 00
Closln? 2S U5 28 CO
New York Metal Market..
. NEW YORK, Jan. 11.— Scot tin advanced
£1 2s fid in London to £133 12s 6J. and fu
tures were £1 5s higher 'at £133 15s. Locally
tin was firm, with ppot quoted at i'Xi '.'0®
29 VXVf
Copper advanced 5s for Knot In London, clos
ing at £5S 15s. while futures were unchanged
at JE57 15s. Locally copper is firm. ¦ l^ake U
quoted at $12 75<jii:> CO, t'lectrolytlc «i $12 62%
©12 ST'^i. and casilns at $12 50® 12 75.
I»ad was firmer at $4 4004 50 in the New
York market and in London, where it closed
at £11 7s Cd.
Spelter closed at $505 10 locally, and ut
£21 17« 6d In London.
Iron clot-ed at 40s lOd In Gla«i:ow and .at
42s «d in MiddlesborO. Locally iron was nulet.
No. 1 foundry. Northern, is quoted at $1551(1;
-No. 2 foundry. Northern, at $14@15: No. 1
foundry. Southern, and No. 1 fpundry, South
ern (soft), at $13 754JW '25.
Eastern Livestock Market.
:{,'¦ '¦! .' CHICAGO.
CHICAGO. Jan. 11.— CATTLE— Receipt*.
42 000. IO^ISc lower. Good 10 prime steers,
$4 9005 CO; poor to medium. $3 50<g4 80; etock
ers and feeders. $2 35®4; cows. $1 75fi4; heif
ers $2©4 50; canners, $1 75@2 :W; bulls, $2©
4, 30; calves, $3 50(35.
HOGS— Receipts to-day. 60.000; to-morrow,
30,000. 10®15c lower. Mixed and butchers'.
$4 5004 00: good to choice, $4 75®4 05; rough
heavy. $4 5C©4 75; light, $4 30@4 65; bulk of
sales. $4 COn* 75. • . ,
SHEEP— Receipts. 3000. Sheep and lambs,
slow. Good to choice wethers. $4 10@4 50; -fair
to choice mixed. $3 25<R4: Western sheep. $3 60
@i 60; native lambs. $4@4 60; Western lambs,
$5 25® 6 30. _ J- "
Visible Grain Supply.
NEW YORK. J.in. 11.— The visible supply of
grain January 9. as compiled by. the New York
Produce Exchange. Is a» follows: - ,.:..-
Wheat 4C0.200.O00 bushels, increase 1,820,000
bushels: corn, (1,208.000 bushels. Increase.* 425.
000 buehels; oats. 8.7O0.C00 bushels, Increase
102.000 bushel* ; rye. 1,230.000 bushels, increase.
3000 bushels; barley. .¦¦S.SCO, 000- bushels, de
crease, 11,000 bushels. • '-'-.. .. - -,
A.. St: Louis Wool Market. ']
ST. LOT3IS. Mo.. Jan. ll.-^-WOOLi-Nomlnal.
Medium grades. -combing and clothing. 17tf21c
light fine.: 15017%c; heavy fine, 12©14'Ac: tub
washed, 20@31c. •. .. .....
Nezv 'York Cotton Market
NEW YORK, Jan." 11. — The cotton futures
market opened . firm at : an advance of 81521
points and closed steady, net 10 to 2S points
hlsher. . • : •
STOCK MARKET.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Not much cJiqnge in New York Stocks.
• Ificai Mining Stocks continue active and fluctuating.
Silpcr advances. Exchange rates unchanged.
Wheat and Barley futures higher. Cash grain unchanged.
Hay and Feed stuffs firm, with an advance in Bran.
.Beans s!i!! firmly held, but quiet.
Butter higher. Eggs slightly lower. Cheese very weak.
Provisions plentiful and weak at Western points.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins unchanged.
Cattle, Sheep and Hogs as previously quoted.
SUMMARY' OF THE MARKETS.
Northern Business.
BE ATTIRE. Jan. 11. — Clearings, $784,057;
balances. $141,883. . •
TACOMA. Jan. 11.— Clearings, $392,238; bal
ances, $68,302.' '
PORTLAND. Jan. 11.— Clearings, $713,918;
balancfs. $70,657.
SPOKANE. Jan. 11.— Clearings, $461,161;
balances, $99,452.
Northern Wheat Market.
' . ' -'OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or., Jan. 11.— Wheat— Walla
Walla. 73c; bluestem, 7G@S0c; valley, 78c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Wash.. Jan. 11. — Wheat, lc lower.
Bluestem, 79c; club, 75c.
Receipts of Produce. s
FOR MONDAY. JANUARY 11.
Flour, qr sks .'- 11. OS«; Shorts, sks .... 95
Wheat, ctls 2,505 Screenings, sks. 20O
Barley ctls 420 Tallow ctls ... 2*5
Oats. Ctls 35 Pelts No 4?.".
Rye. ctls 400J Hides No 205
Corn, ctls 73lRatslns. boxes.. 1.000
Beans. Sks «1« Wine «als 39.0T0
Potatoes, ska . . 8.295 Brandy, gala . . 27.200
Onions, sks 720 Sugar ctls 6<5O
Bran, sks 1.SS3 leather, rolls... 48
Middlings. #ks.. , 40 Chicory. *>»ls .. 25
Hay. tons 440 Lime, bbls 317
Wool, bales .... 42 .
OREGON."
Flour. Qr sks .. 4.610 Onions, sk* 3©
Wheat, ctls 33.420 Bran, sks 3.2CO
Parley, ctls .Ttto Mlrtdllnjrs sks.. 42«
Potatoes, sks .. 2.B17 Feed, sks 6OO
EASTERN.
Corn, ctls .... 1.100! Cornmeal. aks.. 500
THE SAN FRANCISCO.- CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 12, ,1904.
| EASTERN MARKETS.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
15
AUCTION SALES
£* FRED B. CHASE & CO., fe
Successors to Kllllp £ Co..
1732 acarket Street. San Francisco,
Announce for THURSDAY EVENING. S
o'clock. Jan. 14, 1004.
XHE FINALSALE
¦ OF HORSES FROM
PALO ALTO STUCK FARM,
Comprising eighteen yearlings, three two-
year-olds, two four-year-olds and two Brood
) mares.
} The colta and nilles are by McKlnney.
2-.11H: Nutwood Wilkes. 2:l««-i; Mendocino.
2:10 1 / 4; Monbells, 2:20>j; Iran Atto. antt
Dexter Prince, out of brood mares by Elac-
Uoneer. Palo Alto, Advertiser, Azraoor. Nor-
val and other great sires.
These horses are all by great sires and from
great mares and are as choice individuals aa
any ever bred on the farm. _-•
At the same time and place several consign-
ments Irom various owners will be sold as fol-
lows: The stallions DaedaMon. 2:11. by
Diablo, dam Grace, by Buccaneer; By Mack,
by McKlnney, dam By By. by Nutwood. Also
colts and fillies by McKinney. 2:11 '4: Rey Di-
rect. 2:10; Mendocino. 2:13U: Diablo. 2:00)4:
Falrose. 2:19, entered in stakes and out of
producing daxes.
Horses at yard. 1732 Market st.. on Monday,
Jan. 11. Catalogues now ready.
FRED II. CHASE & CO..
Livestock Auctioneers. _
** AUCTION SALE fe»
2 CARLOADS OF HORSES at Southern Pa-
dflc Railroad Corrals, foot of w Second street.
THURSDAY, January U.'at 11 a. m.
By order of Joa. Denlcke of Los Angeles I
will sell to the highest bidder 2 carloads of
youns horses.
JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
Office. 327 Sixth «t.
"Quickest— The Highest Amount,"
Is what it means when you list your property
with me at prices that I can give value to my
customers. Business chances, lodging houses,
stock ranches, etc. See my list before soi&o?
elsewhere. Correspondence solicited.
A. H. ANDERSON,
"The Auctioneer."
TeH Main 1S52. Room 2ti. 80« Market Street.
*\_^ AUCTION SALE— ARCADE HORSU
*-?* MARKET. S27 SIXTH ST.. Vi*EDNES-
DAT. Jan. 13. at 11 a. m., I will sell 40 head
of all purpose horses and mares. Every hor*«»
must be as represented or money refunded.
JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
£a £» £*
A" lot of GOOD CHEAP HORSES will b»
sold with some good wagons, carts. ' surries.
bugries and harness. TUESDAY. . Jan. 12. It
a. m.. at 1140 FOLSOM ST. Closinz oat.
Must b» gold. -Rest Comes at Last to Restless Woman
About Whom for Almost a . Century
Rolled the Surging Tribulations of Life
AGED "MAMMY" PLEASANT
NOW REPOSES IN DEATH
GERMAN COOK .WHO WAS MURDERED UNDER MYSTERIOUS CIR
CUMSTANCES AND HIS BROTHER-IN-LAW. WHO HAS BEEN AR
RESTED ON SUSPICION. : . -
Plso's Cure for Consumption relieves lall
bronchial affections. Tryit at once. 25c" •'
;j WASHINGTON. "Jan. 11.— The State De
partment is. Informed that General Khun, the
Perstan Minister, has been transferred to
Vienna. - ...
HARWICH. England. Jan. 11.— The report
that a British cruiser had gone ashore on the
Gunfieet sand bank Is unfounded.-:" -
Some ' very swell - weddlnr ! Invitation! com*
from Knowles. 24 Second street. Mala 503. *
Ex-Secretary. J. Emery and several
other ex-employes 'of the Board of
Healthr Appeared last 'evening before
the Civil Service Commissioners and
lodged a protest against their recent
removal from their positions. The ex
offlcials of the Board of Health claim
ed that they were " civil service em
ployes and that the act of abolish ins
their offices consolidating them'
out of office, was illegal; The Civil
Service Commissioners decided ,to
make an investigation of the matter
next Friday -afternoon at 2 o'clock. -•
Ex-Officials File -Protest.
considered a wealthy woman, but bad
investments, litigation and neglect of
her Interests are supposed to have left
her In an impoverished condition, al
though she still retains an interest in
a ranch near Napa and claims a share
in a valable lot of diamonds now held
by a local bank and over which she
has been flgtlng in the courts for some
time. A fe,w days ago, when she began
failing, she sent for Attorney, More
house and made her will and completed
other arrangements for the disposal of
her remains. It was agreed that she
should be burled in the family plat of
the Sherwoods in Napa and there her
remains will be taken to-morrow morn
ing by Mr. and Mrs. Sherwood.
The illness that- resulted in Mrs.
Pleasant' s death yesterday dated back
several months. • Last November ) Mrs.
Sherwood called at the home of the col
ored woman at 2107% "Webster street
and found her ill and, wanting neces
sary attention. Although only slightly
acquainted with ."Mammy" Pleasant,
Mrs. Sherwood prevailed on the sick
woman to move to her own • ; home,
which "Mammy" entered on Novem
ber 19. For a time the patient showed
some signs of improvement and : - was
able to move about, but her doctor,
Peter A. Kearney, gave little hope for
her recovery, and, taking . his advice,
the woman, who only a few years ago
was so noted for her mental, and phys
ical vigor, reluctantly prepared for the
end.
Mrs. Pleasant Is not survived by any
blood relations, her nearest relative be
ing a niece of her first husband, a Mrs.
Buone, who arrived at the Sherwood
home shortly after "Mammy's" death
yesterday. Deceased was twice mar
ried, her first, husband being named
Smith and her second, Pleasant, both
of whom died many years ago.
ADAMS' Irish Moss Cough Balsam help*
from the first doae, cures In a day. 25c, 50c •
Ten Thousand Rabbits Are Killed.
ECHO, Or., Jan. 11. — The rabbit
drive on Lower Butter Creek to-day
was the largest in the, history of the
Northwest. It is estimated that 10,
000 rabbits were killed and 700 per
sons, men, women and children, par
ticipated.
Floating spots before • the Eyes, dim
ness of vision and weak eyes, cured by
Murine Eye Remedies. A home cure for
eyes that need care. Druggists. •
United States Circuit Judge Mor
row yesterday handed down a decree
of foreclosure and sale in the suit of
Wells, Fargo & Co. against the Yerba
Buena Mutual Building and Loan As
sociation and James B. Feehan for
$37,831 alleged to be due on promis
sory notes. The defendants had al
lowed the case to go by default
Decree of Foreclosure.
The Ladies' Endeavor Society of
Congregation Beth Israel will hold Its
ninth annual greeting and entertain
ment Thursday evening at Golden
Gate Hall. The programme, under
the direction- of Mrs. Alfred Cohn. in
cludes an athletic exhibition by th»
members of the Young Men's Hebrew
Association, to be followed by dan
cing.
Will Give Entertainment.
Last night the. police found a knife
in j Boeder's room, with which, they
claim,' the crime was committed.
When [confronted; with* the evidence
against him Soeder remained firm in
his .denials. He . was placed In the
tanks and the investigation will go on
to-day. -
Tne landlady said she heard the pal
leave the house at 5 o'clock, the time
they went to. dinner, but did not hear
them return an hour later, when Soeder
says they did. "¦'.„.
'.The, body had lain all night in the
roadway.' It, was stiff arid cold, and
the clothing was drenched with moist
ure.
. There is another point on which
the police lay stress. The amount of
money possessed by Blaise was but
$200, according to .the .statement
made by, the man now under ar
rest. A $10,000 'policy, had it been
given, would have cost nearly double
that amount. ..and Soeder would have
had .to. furnish" the funds. \. His readi
ness to- put up a large amount . of
money for a relative with whom he
had just become acquainted, the po
lice say, furnishes a motive for the
crime. '
Newspaper men informed Secretary
S. M. Marks of the Pacific- Mutual Com
pany of the murder and questioned him
regarding the insurance, jj Marks was
surprised and immediately told of the
incidents that led up to the granting
of the policy. ¦
This information was communicated
to the police and at once detectives
were dispatched to' again find Soeder.
In the meantime Captain Martin ascer
tained the facts surrounding the is
suance of the other policies as stated
above.- ~..;
cause, he thought he had gone to visit
a- family out on the Mission road and
had remained there for the night. Early
yesterday- he asked the landlady If his
friend had come home, and upon being
informed that he had not says he im
mediately started out to the address
on the Mission' road to see what had
become of him. When he went back to
the Jackson street house later in the
day the detectives had already been
there, and he was instructed to go to
the Central police station. Soeder's
story seemed frank enough, and when
he viewed the body at the murdered
man at the Morgue he evinced emotion.
There seemed to be no reason for de
taining him and he was permitted to
go on his way.
INSURANCE PEOPLE TALK.
Soeder told the detectives how he had
brought Blaise to this country and of
their efforts to secure employment. He
said both had gone to dinner from their
room about 5 o'clock Sunday afternoon
and after a repast at a~ Mexican res
taurant on Broadway had .returned
soon after 6 o'clock. Then, Soeder says.
Blaise announced his intention of tak
ing-a,- walk. He ,went from the place
alone^ and Soeder claims he never saw
him alive afterward.
When questioned^ as to- the amount
of money. Blaise had in his possession
the „ relative ; stated . that when he ar
rived In this city he had $200,- arid 'that
when he : left the house Sunday night
he had $90 in . his pockets. , In account
ing for. the disappearance of $110 within
five; weeks, Soeder told of the life in
surance >, policy made in . favor .of the
woman, but he failed to mention tHat
in ¦which he was named as beneficiary.
: <r Soeder then said that he was not un
easy when Blaise did not return, be-
SOEDER TELLS STORY.
: It /was shortly after 8 o'clock yester
day^ morning • When the body of a man
was • found on Taylor street between
Green \ and Vallejo. ; At this point the
ground is high, and adjacent to it is a
bluff of masonry that extends jfome for
ty feet into the air. .The] body lay on
its back, and a gaping wound, from
which- much blood' had ! flowed, was
found in the ,- neck. There I were ' also
cuts on ; the back, of the head,-, dealt by
a sharp^ instrument. At first it was be
lieved that, the victim had been hurled
over the cliff. Later it was found that
the deed had been done where the body
was found and that .the attack of , the
assassin had been quick and sure, j
The! body was found by Wiliarn Ho
gan, who reported his discovery to
Sergeant ! H. H. . Christiansen, who re-,
sides- in *the neighborhood. The ser-"
geaht' hurried to the scene and notified
the 'detective department and then" the
morgue officials. ; ;
; Captain Martin, Sergeant Christian-
Ken and Detectives Charles Cody'and
Tom" Gibson started to work at once
and after, a thorough examination of
the 'scene learned the Identity ot- the
murdered man. • A ; letter written by
his wife gave his address and the land
lady, Mrs. J. Nevilas, from whom he
secured -apartments; told of 'the pres
ence* of Soeder. The latter was re
quested to visit police headquarters
and -did * so. . .'•= ¦?;< :• •
their idleness the small demand for la
borers of their craft. On December 23
Soeder applied to the. Pacific Mutual
Company for a $10,000 policy on Blaise'3
life. Immediately the agents of the
concern became suspicious and report
ed .the matter to headquarters. ' j It ap
peared Btrange' that a cook, without a
positipn, would desire such a large pol
icy, but. owing 'to the honest'appear
ance of the man, a policy for $3000 was
granted him. Soeder did all the talking
while in {he offices of the Insurance
people. When the policy was taken
out $103 was paid for it, and Blaise's
wife was' made his beneficiary.
Qn January 1 of the present year the
two again visited the Pacific Mutual
building and each took out a policy for
$3000. Soeder was made Blaise's bene
ficiary and vice versa.
MAKES '.BRUTAL ATTACK.
brother-in-law of the murdered man,
under arrest for the crime.
Not only is the accused said to have
murdered his relative who now lies in
the Morgue, but he is suspected of hav
ing taken the life of his own wife. She
died mysteriously near Petaluma a few
months ago and he collected Insurance
"on her life. Then a ranch house that
was Soeder's property burned, an.d
again the insurance people were called
upon to pay a claim presented by him.
The crime of yesterday was diabolical
ly planned according to the investiga
tion made by the detective department.
Blaise was brought to this country
by Soeder, and the last named attempt
ed to insure Blaise's life for $5000 in
New York City. Failing in this, he
tried to induce the. Pacific Mutual Com
pany of this city to give him a $10,000
policy, but the insurance people became
suspicious and refused to allow more
than $3000. Later he succeeded in tak
ing out an accident policy for a similar
amount, in. which he was made the
beneficiary. The murdered man could
not speak English, and Soeder transact
ed all of his business for him, Interpret
ing what he said and telling him what
ever he wished. • .
LURES VICTIM HERE.
Blaise was about 30 years of age. He
had been married to Soeder's sister for
$ everal years and was the father of
three children. Blaise and his family
lived quietly at Hub, Alsace Lorraine,
Germany, until some months ago? when
Soeder went back to the little place on
a visit. The last named had lived in
the United States for more than twen
ty years, and into the ears of his
brother-in-law he poured stories of
great possibilities in California, and
the two came here together about five
weeks ago. Blaise was unable to speak
any language except the German, and
being a stranger in the country de
pended upon Soeder for direction and
advice. Both were cooks by occupa
tion, but since their return had not
been able to secure employment.
'On Decemebr 13 both men arrived in
this city and took apartments atv827
Jackson street'.- They appeared^ to be
quiet people and gave as an excuse for
phia and the daughter of a man of con
siderable means named Williams, who
bonded her out to service in Boston
when she was a mere child. The father
provided ample funds for the education
of his daughter, which seemingly were
well applied, for Mrs. Pleasant was
possessed of more intellig nee than the
average colored person ajid certainly
was regarded as exceptionally shrewd,
as was frequently demonstrated in the
greater part of her career In this city.
Coming to San Francisco in the pio
neer days, she gained prominence first
as a cook, later by her work in behalf of
colored slaves and finally as a ruler of
the destinies of several wealthy fam
ilies.
HER STRANGE INFLUENCES.
For years she seemed to exert a won
derful influence over Millionaire Thom
as Bell, in whose family she t was em
ployed, and after his death she con
tinued to act as dictator of the house
hold and maintained her connection
with the family until a few years ago,
when she and Mrs. Theresa Bell en
gaged in litigation over the property
holdings of the husband of the last
named. It Is only recently that the
lawyers in the case bejan their effo:ts
toward a compromise, which has been
slowly progressing for a number of
months.
The greatest prominence attained by
"Mammy" Pleasant was during the
conflict between the late Senator Wil
liam Sharon and Sarah Althea Terry,
in which she espoused the cause of ths
unfortunate woman, who is now an in
mate of the Stockton Insane Asylum,
to which she was committed a few
years. after the death of her husband.
Judge Terry, who was killed by Dave
Ncagle while assaulting the late United
States Supreme Court Justice Field.
By many Mrs. Pleasant was regarded
as a dangerous woman, but by those
who knew her well she will be remem
bered for her many deeds of charity.
She was possessed of a forceful char
acter that readily asserted itself in all
her dealings, and even when minister
ing to the wants of the needy she
would insist that her will should be
obeyed to the letter.
Some years ago Mrs. Pleasant was
The long and remarkable career of
Mrs. Mary Ellen Pleasant, more famil
iarly known to the San Francisco pub
lic as "Mammy" Pleasant, ended in a
most peaceful manner yesterday fore
noon. Shortly before 11 o'clock, as a
comforting and sympathizing friend
teated by her couch sang the conclud
ing lines of "Rock of Ages, Cleft for
Me," the colored woman, whose name
has been, so frequently linked with that
of many prominent families in this city
during the last thirty years, answered
the summons she had been patiently
awaiting for several days.
She ha/3 realized for a number of
days that the hand of death was upon
her and had made all preparations for
the end. Ker last request was that her
friend, Mrs. L. M. Sherwood of 2751 Fil
bert street, in whose house she died,
chould. when she found that death was
near, cheer her with a religious song.
Yesterday morning Mrs. Sherwood on
entering the room of "Mammy" saw
that her aged charge was rapidly sink
ing. Placing her mouth close to the
patient's ear, Mrs. Sherwood remarked:
" 'Mammy,' I am afraid that you are
dying. If you can hear me give me
evidence of the fact by opening your
«yes, for I want to sing to you as I
promised."
DEATH COMES PEACEFULLY.
For a time the wrinkled and sunken
features of the colored woman retained
iheir impassive expression, but finally
yielded to the last effort of the dying
woman, who slowly opened her eyes
and gazed silently into those of Mrs.
Sherwood. A second later the clear
voice of the attendant softly rendered
the words of the consoling song, and
then death ended the dramatic scene.
Mrs. Pleasant died in her ninetieth
ye&r. She was a native of Philadel-
On another sign Johnson declares he
will not discriminate in favor of nor
against any union, neither will he com
pel his employes to join any. A com
parison of conditions shows that he pays
better than union wages by an average
of 15 per cent: also gives better than
union hours, six days constituting a
week's work, and claims that this all
proves the statements of boycotters on
sidewalk to be malicious falsehoods.
He asks all fair-minded people to show
their disapproval of the boycott as un-
American and contrary to the principles
of the United States constitution by
patronizing his boycotted open shop res
taurant at 725 Market street. . •
4th — No agreement with hotels, board
ing-houses and many restaurants. Not
molested.
5th — Johnson, standing for his consti
tutional rights, is boycotted.
Labor union, thy consistency is great.
M. JOHNSON.
¦ 3d — Complete open shop agreement be
tween the 5 Tavern and Louvre restau
rants, Waiters' No. 30, Cooks' No. 44,
Helpers' No. 110. Can employ union or
non-union.
2d — Partial open shop agreement be
tween Restaurant-Keepers' Association
and Waiters' No. 30. Cooks' No. 44, Help
ers' No. 110 sacrificed. Can employ
Asiatics.
1st — Closed sWop agreement forced
from individual restaurants by Waiters'
No. 30. Cooks' No. 44, Helpers' No. 110.
No Asiatics.
The existing five conditions
The Following Is in Johnson's Window.
JOHNSON'S LATEST STATEMENT.
AGED COLORED WOMAN WHO
DIED YESTERDAY AFTER A
REMARKABLE CAREER.
The favor the game of lacrosse has
met with throughout the. coast is ex
ceedingly gratifying to the promoters.
Among the teams that have applied for
admission to the association are five
in this city, several in Los Angeles and
Santa Barbara, one in Portland, one in
Seattle and teams in New Westminster
and Vancouver, B. C.
At a meeting last night at the Olym
pic Club the 'old association was dis
solved and W. J. Black\vell was elected
temporary chairman and A. S. The
berge temporary secretary of the new
association. M. J. Tansey, J. D. Rob
inson and R. l'Hommedieu were ap
pointed a committee to form a new
constitution and by-laws. There will
be another meeting two weeks from
last night at which the permanent of
ficers of the new association will Ote
elected and a name will be given the
club.
The California association started a
short time ago with a membership of
a few teams. Of late so many teams
in coast cities from Los Angeles to
Vancouver, B. C, .have applied for ad
mission that it was considered advis
able to form a new and larger associa
tion. • • *
The California Lacrosse Association
is no longer In existence." Last night
a special meeting was held by the- mem
bers and the old association was dis
solved that a larger one, to take in
the teams of the entire coast, may be
formed.
Several hundred young men have se
cured employment during the year
through the employment agejiey of th?
association, and the men's Sunday so
cial-religious hour had; "more than
doubled in attendance, .while the BiblS
study department hart also largsly in
creased.
It was further shown that the asso
ciation is doing rapid and strong exten
sion work, and especially will this be
the case throughout the various sec
tions uf the city in the future. A
branch has been established in the Pre
sidio and the work among the troops
has been most encouraging.
Addresses were made during the even
ing on the following subjects: '"Our
Work For Youn? Men in Foreign
Fields," F. A. Jackson; "Our Work of
Practical Education For Young M»n
and Boys," Le Roy Burns Smith: "Our
Religious Efforts," George B. McDou
gall; "Our Gymnasium and Physical
Department," Howard Jf.. Strickler;
"•The Boys' Side of Our Work," Wil
liam Webb; "What We Undertake So
cially." R. S. Fulford; "Our Member
ship," F. E. Miller.
Following these addresses there was
a genera! discussion. It was suggested
that the special need of the association
was a separate building for boys,
equipped fo» industrial education.
Nearly 600 students are enrolled in the
night and day schools for young men
and working boys, and jsp crowded is
the , boys' department that a waiting
list has been established. . •
Both day and night 'schools, it was
shown, were taxed almost to their limit
and It was stated that an extra in
structor and another room would soon
be necessary to.carry on the educa
tional work.
Edward. Coleman,. Rolla V. Watt, A.
P. Black. Robert Bruce, A. S. Johnson
and L. H. Cary. .VV.'v
The reports of the' various secretaries
and committees showed that the •work
of the association had reached a high
state of efficiency and the membership
had reached nearly 2O)0. ' ¦*
An enthusiastic meeting convened at
the Y. M. C A. last night, when the
annual reports were read and the elec
tion of directors was held. Rolla V.
Watt presided. '-\-X.
It was stated In the report3 that the
greatest yearj In the history of the as
sociation had been in 1903. which, was
the jubilee year. It was shown that
during the year the mortgage of $115.-
OtfO had been paid and the building
dedicated by President Roosevelt on
May 12 last. It had been . therefore, a
year of exceptional happiness for
those in whose hands the management
and direction rested.
A nominating commutes, of which
William D. Kelly was chairman, made
its report and the following directors
were re-elected by acclamation for a
term of three years:
Teams From I<os Angeles . to
TancouTer, B. C, Make Ap
plication to Join City Players
'a - •¦'.¦-¦"•
Students So Numerous That
They Tax Accommodation of
the Educational Departments
The body of Joseph Blaise, who had
been robbed of his life by a brutal mur
derer, was found on a rough road that
leads to the summit of Russian Hill
yesterday morning. A knife wound- in
the throat, inflicted by a coward* who
attacked him from behind, was the im
mediate cause of Blaise's death, but in
the battle he evidently made for his
life the assassin's blade descended again
arid again, ripping gashes in the vic
tim's scalp. . -
The police have Leon Soeder, a
SHOWS BIG MEMBERSHIP
GAME BECOMES POPULAR
California Lacrosse Club Is
Abandoned That larger Or?
g-anization May Be Formed
-r» i it 1 «f i»
Reports at Annual Meeting
¦of the Y. .31. C. A. Reveal the
Growth of the Organization
Body of Victim Found in Lonely Spot on Russian Hill and His
Brother-in-law, Who Caused His Life to Be Insured, Believed
by the Police to Have Plotted and Accomplished the Deed
ASSOCIATION
IS DISSOLVED
BANNER TEAR
IS ITS BOAST
JOSEPH BLAISE FOULLY MURDERED
AND LEON SOEDER HELD FOR CRIME
THE SAN ¦ FRANCISCO GALL, TUESDAY. JANUARY 12, 1904.
16
ADVEBTISEMENTS. \ '¦''¦
Wills LmuriantHair aod Crusted
Scalps Gfeassed and
Parifieil by
CUHCURA SOAP
Assisted by Light Dressings cf
Cuticara, the Great Skin Core.
This treatment at once steps ifcllins
fialr, removes cruis. scales and din-
draff, destroys hair parasites, soothes'
irritated. Itching sdrf ices, stimalate*
the hair follicles, loosens tfcc scalp skin,
supplies the roots with energy acd nour-
ishment, and mikes the hair grow npon
a sweet, wholesome, healthy scalp whea
an else falls.
' Millions no-T7 rely on Cnticnra Soap,
assisted by Cnticnra Ointment, ths
great skin enre, for preserving, pnrif y-
ln£ and beantif ring the akin, for cleans-
ing the scalp of crnsts, scales and
daadroff, and the stopping of falling
hair, for , softening, -whitening and
soothing red, rough and sore hands, for
baby rashes, Itchings and chaflngs. for
annoying Irritations, or too free or
offensive perspiration, for nlceratlve
weaknesses, and many sanative, anti-
septic purposes which readily sngjrest
themselves", as vrell as for all the pur-
poses of the toilet and nnrserj..
Complete treatment for every humour,
consisting of Cuticnra Soap, to cleanse
the «klo, Cnticnra Ointment, to heal
the sWn, and Cuticnra Insolvent Pill*.
to cool and cleanse the blood; may now
be had for one dollar. A single set la
often gufflclent to care the most tortur-
ing. dUflgnring, Itching, burning and
scaly humoars. eczemas, rashes and
Irritations, from infancy to age, whea
al! else f.iil3.
*at4 thnmgfcoat th« VotM. Csflnr* BwolnM. *%.
\" n * a IV 'VJL 'J^l** •v Isfa « s*""™' xs coi«iw»m
A»«. Firttnr Drar * Ch«m.Con>.. *•> IToprttl.*..
•r-3tr»4 tor "H«»w to Cur* tiur Humour.- iM
ADVERTISEMENTS. '
| The Voice of J
¦"" ' ¦ - : '¦ '"¦ - ' ' : "-' : ''|" i
•t«lrl/\iivFtJ*«* ••'•¦¦
Is remarKably rich fn ional | ,
quali tics — the culmination ol _ ; I
hall a century's piano build- ] I
hij experience. Built on 1
graceful and durable lines, it g
is an ideal piano lor the home I
and a lasting satisfaction to v I
the purchaser / : : : : : I
M Gurtaz SSon I
(Sole Agents.)' . M
16 OTarrcli St., S. F. |
San Jos*. Stockton, Alameda, Fresno. - 1 m
We are again in our build-
ing at; " v
Market and 10th Streets.
with a clean;-" Apr to -date
stock of vehicles.^
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Annual Clearance
Sale of Undermuslins
This sale will be continued during the entire week.
A great saving event when women of San Francisco
and vicinity come to Magnin's and supply their wants for
months ahead — the. time when immense assortments
are temptingly displayed — when the choice products of
our. own. workrooms are offered at a great reduction.
If you* have not attended do not fail to be present
during the remaining days of the sale.-
Annual Clearance Sale of
Children's Cloaks, Woolen
Dresses, Hats and Caps.
Extraordinary reductions J have been made on all
broken sizes. Every garment is this season's style— a
line of goods that are seldom placed on special sale.
Visit this department — it means a saving to you of
one-half former prices.
i — in" •< i ,j~i)\ mih»«f~^*^
3/Q - 322 MKKET <ST '