Continued on Page* 2, Columns '2 and 3.
> ? Continued • oh ':• Page ; 2, ' Columns • S 'arid ; 6. • '•*
Killed by Compressed Air.
NEW YORK, Jan. 6. — Martin V.
Dylan, formerly a national building
contractor, but who had just accepted
a position as inspector of masonry in
the construction of the bridge across
East River, met death to-day in, the
compressed air of -the caissons which
are being used to lay the foundations
oh the river bed.
WcH-Kmnvn Explorer Dies.
INDIANA POLLS. Ind., Jani 6.—Ser
peart Julius Frederick, the Arctic ex
plorer and member of the Greely ex
pedition, died at his home here this
alternoon.
SAX DO3IIXGO ATTACKED.
SAN DOMINGO. Sunday. Jan. 3.— •
NEW TORK, Jan. 6.— Madame Xor
<2ica has decided to forego further con
c-frt engagements in this country this
Fr-ason and will sail for Europe on
Friday. The change in Mme. Nordica's
pjans is said to be due to alleged re
teipts of threatening letters which
caused her to believe her life in danger
A detective has been guarding hr home
in Madison avenue Eince last Sunday.
Madame Nordiea will spend the re
mainder of the winter in the Riviera.
Prima Donna Has Canceled Engage
ments in America and Will Re
turn to Europe.
THRFIATEXnVG LETTERS
rRIGHTEX NORDICA
The above map affords a compre
hensive idea of the troubled ; area in
the Far East and the relative positions
of the strategic. points held by Russia
and Japan. ...Russia., has two. strong
naval bases— Vladivostok, the Siberian
seaport, and, Port Arthur,- the Man
churian port, the : possession of which
she -has never relinquished, despite the
pledge that she would evacuate on Oc
tober 8 of last year. ' Late disoatchea
state thatthe Russian fleet .at, Vlad
ivostok has sailed for an unknown des
tination, presumably Port ¦• Arthur,
where it will unite; with the powerful
squadron; stationed at, that point. ; •""
Japan's largest squadron of warships
is stationed- at, Sasebo.Va harbor at; the
southwestern extremity, of the empire
and within 'easy, reach of the more im
portant Korean-ports. .
Korea -probably i will be.', the ?battle
ground at the outset of .the wan,' A
Japanese rfleet, ; convoying. S0005.troops,
is said5to-,be ;at Masampho. where "the
army - is] preparing to land. , "At 'i Che
mulpo, which- isUhe seaport of f Seoul,
the capital,'^ there are^at present^ two
Russian, two British and one American
.warships."; Marines' have landed -from
these ./vessels,- those from the .American
having . reached ., Seoul - already.
to*"g'uard 'the' TJriit'ed States - legation. -
, The Russian ¦ troops'- at present f" In
Alanchurla'and "Southeastern" Siberia
ire '.estimated'Uo »":number V lS5,000,?arid
50,000. areion'ithe^tway -from jRussia.'
Japan's "war^preparations art* : complete
and ; the? little.-'empire 'probably a could
throw v 300,000 J men 'into;the* field r "withiri
a ¦>short:»tlmel after the r de'cla'ration^ of.
Theater of Prospective
v Hostilities in the
SALT LAKE. Utah, Jan. 6.— It took
exactly on* minute and fifteen seconds
8ft»r en alarm of fire had been given
to-day to march 750 school children
out of the Union School. The school,
a three-story structure, was partly de
htroyed by fire about three years ago.
hin<:«; that time a fire drill has been
P«n of the regular exercises. A fire
discovered in the basement this
morning. The fire drill was instantly
*a]Jcd. and, to the sounds of music,
the hundreds of children were
marched out of the building in perfect
order. The fire loss was nominal.
Fire Drill I- t«rd in Salt Lake School
and Children Escape In a
Mlnutr and a Quarter.
PIT1LS 31 ARCH OUT
OF BURNING BUrLDIXG
"Despite this /answer three American -marines, with six offi
cers, have arrived at Seoul/:;The Britislvmarines now at.Chemul
, "A -Peking telegram states that the Chinese Government is
deaf to"'the -protestations of 'the Russian who is trying
to induce jt to .serid^a"-, special. commissioner to'Port Arthur to ne
gotiatefthbre : _ori:th'e^Mahcliurian- question. , ]\ioreover, China - is
pleased fat' •Japan's resolute attitude toward' Russia and has almost
decided 'that, in the event of -war,; she will? be neutral. Both the
American. and {the japaiyese' treaties ; with' China will be ratified,
coni])leted :: arid f . exchanged : in a week. ..This is - regarded I as most
significant^ >;,; - ' '••••'.¦¦:-.
• "It;is itheTopinion-here'tliat'the pacific reports emanating "from
Berlin 1 and Paris are cariards : manufactured in Russia expressly
for. the. purpose of casting odium upon Japan as the party to the
dispute.which is. deliberately provoking war. -¦
: « "A telegram- received by : the Jiji ; Shimpo. from 'Seoul states
that MrSAllen; the American;Minister, informed the Korean Gov
ernment- tliat troops to protect residents would come to the city.
,The Koreans officially replied -that, in case. of an emergency aris
ing, they ; would endeavor to secure the safety of ¦ all foreigners,
arid that, therefore,. the landing of men' should be avoided.
Special -Cablegram to The Call and New Tork Herald.? CopyrlBht. 1004, by the New Tork
Herald' Publls'h'lnjr • Company." 1 - •
; -Jan. i 7.— Bennett . Burleigh" cables to the' Paily
Telegraph from Tokio' as follo\ys: ; : . , ' - '.'', *
"Baron Komura, the Japanese Foreign Minister, called at the
Russian legation to" see Baroiide Rosen, who is notwell. He had
a formal interview;.with the Russian^Ministcr. ; ; I am .again led to
understand ; that- the -Russian ;reply to the last Japanese note is un
satisfactory.'! According to;Berlin news; -which has been wired
here, RliCiia has -consented to Japan's demands'as. far as Korea is
concerned;'- Hut Russia now makes. new claims, which she desires
to negotiate in St. Petersburg., : An urgency meeting of the Japan
ese Cabinet has been summoned for. to-morrow.
"A telegram received ihere states that ; Admiral Alexieff has
no^y; 135^000 troops under his command arid ! that 50,000 more
wili arrive in the event of war breakmgXout. According to re
ports from. Vladivostok,- the Russian epiisers which were there
have all sailed." I
In'a dispatch sent at a late hour last night Burleigh adds:
Another, draft of • Scotch; engineers > left j .Govan quietly for
Japan a week ago. The summons : ; they was so urgent
that the men left- without -having-provided themselves with outfits.
, A : Cabinet rneeting^has^ been:- called -i_fori this week, probably
for Saturday. , The summons' was . :< unexpected,. Premier Balfour
and other Ministers having! arranged >: fon; a; fortnight's absence
from London. >- — • ¦-']¦^jJC, j »' :'''.'>' "'- "•*'¦!
. s * I^rd;I^nsdowne's ; receptioh;at^thejF6reign Office to*-day, was
attended by- the! Russian/' American^ and Embassadors,
the Persian Minister "and \ the
<1' Affaires. » A fter. tlie reception '- a l?oreign Office official saia : -:
" \\ r c'. know*^Icss^ -tlianHlie* newspapers. ;•;¦ Our ; only; definite" irir
LONDON. Jan'. 6.— Ten British ':• officers, with 120 naval
pensioners arid reserves, have started 1 for 'Genoa to take the two
Argentine cruisers recently, purchased ? byv Japan to Yokohama.
These vessels, Avhich formerly were known as the Rivadavio and
the Moreno* have been*' rechristened'th'g'Nissliin and the Kasaga.
They werc;built at. the Genoa shipyards, > and it was reported
when they, were purchased that they I were • rapidly approaching
completion..- :; . <?^-; , - '
Delay in the departure of the Russian, warships lately assem
bled at Bizerta, Tunis; : which 4 aic destincd'for the Far East, is re
ported to be due to the 'fact that instructions- have been received
directing- 1 them to .watch the Japanese cruisers Kasaga and Nis
shin: The Russian cruiser -Aurora has rleft.-Bizerta for Piraeus,
and the Dmitri Donskoi has -gone to;Suda Bay to await the de
parture of: the Japanese .cruisers ;from. Genoa.. ..The Japanese ves
sels will be~ followed through the Suez canal, if they go that way.
The Oslyabya and other vessels of the Russian squadron remain
at Bizerta. Some of* these vessels will follow the Japanese cruis
ers if they~sairwestwardr ThV purpose hreither case is to capture
them if war is ' declared." ' The Japanese ' thus; have the alternative
of running the. gauntlet of Russian ships or being bottled up in a
neutral port.. •-¦,¦- .-'.* r ;y '••..-,
Marine -erigineers_- from 7.the;.Clyde ; district, engaged by the
Japanese Government "to, proceed immediately to Japan, presum
ably for service on bbarcl transports, sailed for Japan yesterday.
They embarked >t f Liverpool on board 'the British steamship
Lake Eric, bound. for St. John, N. : B-7 whence they will be trans
ported by rail -to the! Pacific Coast. / ; .'". .".'.¦
Special .Dispatch to The Call.
New Claims -Which Tokio Govern
ment Cannot ;Accept. •»
British Officers jaWdSS^jWeW^WjIl Man the
Two -Argentine Cruisers Purchased
by Japan. ¦ ¦•'/•¦.
S'ALT LAKE, Utah. Jan. 7.— John
Gl»a.son. motorman on a Consolidated
Street Railway car. was shot and kill
ed ard Thomas Brydon, .the conduc
tor on th«* same oar, rras probably
fatally wounded shortly after mid
night by a masked highwayman, who
was attempting to rob them of thojr
money and valuables. The murderer
Immediately *fter the shoot
ing and without securing: any booty.
The shooting took place at: the tor
minus of thn East First South street
line, a sparsely settled district. Gleu
»;en and Brydon were preparing to
tiik* th" rar to the city on its last
run when the masked man entered the
<.ar. commanding them to hand over
th«>ir money. Instead of complying
lhe carmen showed fight and the
irhooting followed. There were no
passengers on the car and. the police
were notified over the telephone by a
resident, who heard the shooting.
Jlotorman killed and Conductor Fat
ally Wounded in the Suburbs of
Salt Lake City.
bTREET CAR MEN* ARE
SHOT BY HIGHWAYMEN"
The effect of Commander Dilllni:
ham's instructions will be to restrict
fighting to certain limits. Extension of
his policy probably will result in vari
ous regions being set aside in which
fighting may take place. Thus the
Dominicans will be able to satisfy their
bloodthirstiness. yet neutral interests
and innocent persons will not be in
jured.
'The State and Navy departments
fully indorse and commend Commander
Dillingham's action. Through" deter
mined measures in Santo Domingo the
administration expects to add strength
to its Panama policy by showing that
it is not only ready: to act in the in
terest of civilization when an isthmian
canal may be, won thereby, but that it
13 willing to undertake the enforcement
of peaceful conditions for the sake of
the mere benefits of peace." :
For years European governments had
proposed that in return for their pre
cise recognition and observation of the
Monroe doctrine the United States
should guarantee, to keep order among
the Central and South American states.
The present policy in Santo Domingo
will be taken in Europe, it is believed,
as an indication. that the United States
has acquiesced in this policy.
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, Jan. 6.—Revolu
tion-rent Santo Dommso Is being po
lked by" the United States and tha
principal policeman is Commander Al
bert C Dilllngham of the United States
steamship Detroit, now at Puerto Plata.
The policy of prcs<?rvim5 order in turb
ulent South American statss, whlcti
Assistant Secretary Loomis In his no
table speech before the Quill Club ia
.New i'ork indicated was imminent, has
now been, inaugurated.
• Commander Dllllngham. who has a
•more impressive way or doing things
than any other man in the United
States navy, has already instituted u
strong, policy. The vigor of the action
by which he, jn conjunction with the
commanding o'fflcer of his Majesty's
steamship Hellas, has sought to bring
order out of insurrectionary chaos and
to protect neutral interests and the
lives of -.innocent persons Is shown in.
a dispatch from him dated "Puerto
Plata, January 5," and made public at
the Navy Department to-day.
The dispatch from Commander Dil
lineham is' as follows:
"In this vicinity anarchy prevails,
business is at a standstill. . Puerto
Plata quiet at present. Jiminez au
thorities collecting duties and dues.
Jiminez at Santiago. Revolution not
one of principle, but between factions.
Will not allow interruption of com
merce. Went to. Sosua on morning of
January 3, returned to Puerto Plata
yesterday afternoon to see Cherokee
out of port. Will coal here to-day and
return to Sosua. Fighting at Sosua
December 26 between Morales and Jim
inez troops took place on United Fruit
Company's property. Without notlca
houses were looted, lives of United
States citizens 'absolutely disregarded;
women and children had to flee for
safety; property destroyed. Have for
bidden any fighting or any armed force
of any party within certain lines neces
sary to protect lives of United States
citizens at Sosua. . Commanding officers
in the field near Sosua have been so
instructed. Left one Colt automatic
gun and steam lauach with officer and
sixteen marines at Sosua to see my in
structions were carried out until my
return. Am in . signal communication,
with this force: can control situation.
Consuls here want guard. Do not
think it necessary at present. Am all
ready when necessary. British steamer
Pallas here. Have joined British com
mander-in note to military commander
to hold' him responsible for any dis
order and telling him that we would
take, such prompt action as we see fit
In case of disorder."
The Detroit had been in Dominican
waters for several weeks. Sosua. where
fighting took place, is a small place
but a short distance from Puerto Plata.
Powell, the United States Minister, has
impressed upon the rapidly changing
governments of the republic "the desire
of the United States that stability suc
ceed the existing unrest, but apparently
to no avail.
Special Dispatch to The Call
ber of derkhandF
SYDNEY. N. S. W.. Jan. 7.—Forty
three irs^n have bf>?n killed by the ex
i>]csion "f the boilers on the British
cruiser Wallaroo.
The Wallaroo, which was proceeding
t<» H«bart, signaled Montague Island,
roi milf^s p^uth of Sydney, reporting the
d;r«M«*r. but giving: no details. She is
r> rrted h*?re to-morrow.
The Wallaroo is a third-class cruiser
of iSii tons.
The naval authorities are advised
tttK\ nti<? b^iior hurrt. but they say thry
iuf"' not informed of the names and
rank of thos» killed. The killed are
assumed to include the entire shift of
the tventy-threo st.tkers and a num-
»
Vessel Signals News to Montague
Island, bat Naval Officials Are
Without Full Details.
Battle Zone Will Ee Established for
the Convenience of Blood
thirsty Revolutionists.
Disaster Aboard the Wal
laroo While in Aus
tralian Waters.
Prevents FightiDg Within
Certain Areas in the
• Republic.
United States Takes a
Hand in Santo
Domingo. .
ANARCHY'S
REIGN WILL
BE CHECKED
Forty-Three Men of
a British Warship
Killed,
EXPLOSION
OF BOILERS
ON CRUISER
RUSSIA RETURNS UNSATISFACTORY REPLY TO TOKIO
CEOUL, Korea, Jan. 7.— A Russian Legation guard of thirty has been landed at Ghemulpo,; but the Japanese railway company has refused to transport the guard to Seoul.
It is reported preparations have been made for the Emperor of Korea to find an- "asylum at the Trench ; Legation in the^ event of serious trouble. It is expected that
France and Germany will send marines here to guard their legations. V - / -' •
JAPAN CLOSES KOREAN RAILWAY TO CZAR'S MARINES
Continued on Pare 2, Column 1.
VOLUME XCV— XQ. 38.
THE WIATHIE.
forecast =c*de at Baa Traads
eo Icr tliirCy nours ending at
aaJCalffat, Jaauaiy 7:
Saa rrtiici«co aad Tidaity—
Cloudy Tlmr»day; light aorth
east -nrlads. "a. G. MeADiE,
District roncastex.
The San Francisco Call.
j.* TITS THXAT2S&8.
"*Alc4iiu^/"A tady of Quality."
* California — "Happy Kooliff&n."
Central — "Monte Crt«to."
yiich«r'» — "I. O. XJ." .
Grand — "Tie Head Walters."
'. Orpheum — Vaudeville. ' Matlaet
To-Bay.
. Tits Chutei— Vaudeville.
TlvoU Opera-House — "Ixioa."
Columbia — "The Girl With tie
- Oreen Syei."
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY," JANUARY -7.. 1904.
PRICE FIVE CENTSEnrollment of ¦ : Students at Stanford.
¦ STANFORD , UNIVERSITY, Jan. 6.
The of ¦ Registrar "O. • T. • Elliott,
given out to-day, on the enrollment of
students jf or the ensuing" college semes
ter "shows a total registration to date
. GAINESVILLE, Ga.. Jan. 6.-^The
funeral of General James Longstreet
was held to-day, the rites of the
Catholic church being conducted over
the ¦ remains ; by Bishop Kleley of Sa
vannah. Special trains brought hun
dreds of prominent citizens from all
parts of the State to pay their tributes
to the dead. t
General Xomrstreet's Funeral.
Honey Adulteration to Be Stopped.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 6.— The State
Association' of Beekeepers, in annual
session here, lias taken action on the
subject of : the alleged adulteration of
honey v in this" State, and appointed a
committee! composed' of J. E. Pleas
ants of , Santa Ana and Pr. Maynard
of Lbs Angeles, to prosecute all who
are engaged in the work of honey adul
teration. ' • '¦¦¦'• .'•¦-' •' ¦ •
SANTA ROSA, Jan. 6.— Police Of
ficer John McCord was the victim of
a murderous assault made early this
morning* by . William S^romford, a
prisoner In the 'city jail at Healdsburg.
Stromford was placed in jail by Mc-
Cord Tuesday night for over-indul
gence in .spirituous liquors. When
Cord 'entered the cell this morning
Stromford attacked him with a knife
that had been overlooked when he was
searched. - The officer was, too quick
Attacks Officer With a Knife.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 6.— A conven
tion has been called In the Interest of
El Camlno Real, ,or King's High
way, to bevheld in the new Chamber
of Commerce building; . this ' city on
January 30. The object of the con
vention is to arouse in terest and ' take'
some action in the matter^of rebuild
ing the old California" King's Highway
May Rebuild El Caraino Real.
' PORT AU PRINCE, Hayti,' Jan. 2,
Saturday:— During the absence from
Port au Prince of President Nord, who
went", to Gonaives to take part :in^ the
'celebration of, the centenary of -the
independence, of 'Hayti, General Mon
plalser'attempted to raise a revolution
against : the President, but the move
ment failed. The general's son and an
accomplice were killed. Numerous .ar
rests were made. .
General Monplaiser of Hayti
Plans a Revolution in Ab
sence x of. President Xord
Flour Rates to Orient to Be Raised.
SEATTLE, Jan. 6.— Flour rates
from Pacific Coast points to the Ori
ent wiir be raised February 1 to $4
per ton. This action has been agreed
upon by all the steamship lines en
g-agred in the trade. The advance cov
ers the month of February^ but It is
certain that it ; will not be reduced by
further, trouble with the China-Com
mercial Company. It Is possible that
a further agreement will be made to
increase the rate to J 5 per ton. though
this will not be done at present.
AUBURN. Jan. 6. —^vailanT H.
Glover, who murdered Fred NierhofC
on June 10, 1902; must hang unless
his sentence is commuted to imprlsonr
ment for life by the Governor. A re
mittitur from the Supreme Court sus
taining the action of the lower court
was received to-day and Glover was
taken before Judge Prewett and the
time of passing sentence fixed for: next
Monday. Glover expressed. the desire
to receive his sentence at once and
have it over with. He believes the
Governor will commute the sentence.
Murderer to Be Resentenced.
"The project Is wonderful, but put
ting it into execution at this moment
is folly. Theoretically, a' balloon can
remain a week in the air, but It far
from theory to practice. The longest
time I have remained in the air in all
my ascensions was forty-one hours."
PARIS. Jan. 6. — Count de la Vau
lax. the well-known balloonist, made
the following comment to-day In con
nection with the announced intention
of Cappaza, the aeronaut. Professor
Berget of the Sarbonne ' University,
and M. Reclus. the well-known
geographer, to make. an attempt to
cross the Atlantic in a balloon:
Famous French Aeronaut Says It Is
Yet Too Far From Theory r -
' m to Practice.
CROSSING ATLANTIC
IN BALLOON IS RISKY
of 1109. which is eight less than the
enrollment on a corresponding " date,
last year. The- number of new. stu
dents who have registered for the first
time this semester is 50, which is nine
below the number of new students
who entered at the beginning of the
spring semester in 1903.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 6.— Robert Bur
ton Rodney, a, paymaster: with the rank
of lieutenant • commander on the re
tired list of the navy, to-day brought
6itft for $50,000 damages against Captain
Samuel C. Lemly, judge advocate gen
eral of the navy, for alleged long con
tinued ¦'pecuniary and naval grade
losses" and indignities. • The com
plainant 1 alleges that Captain Lemly
has nsurped practical supremacy in the
Navy Department and is depriving the
complainant of legal rights under his
commission. ",
and Grade Losses.
Officer Complains That His Superior
Has Subjectdtl Him to Indignities
NAVAIj PAYMASTER SUES i T
. ADVOCATE GENERAL
for him, however, and knocked the
knife out of his hand with a : club.
Stromford will be charged with as
sault with a deadly weapon.
REVOLT NIPPED
AT ITS BIRTH
French Cruiser Receives Orders.
.TOULON, , Jan. 6.— The French ar
mored cruiser Sully has been prdered
to - complete her armament and be
PARIS. Jan. 6. — The recorder of the Court
of Cassation cay* tt will be January 20 before
he will be able to submit to the court his re
port on the Dreyfus case.
The war risk on Japanese steam
ships between Japan and Hongkong'
was quoted yesterday at % per cent;
on American steamships from Puget
Sound to Siberia direct. % per cent.
According to . a cablegram received
from Hamburg the German under
wrftera declined all risks on Japanese
steamships bound for Japan and on
Americans vessels for Siberia direct.
Local War Risk Quotations.
LONDON. Jan. 7.— The Times* Cal
cutta correspondent says the Japanese
Government'is reported to have placed
heavy orders for rice in Burmab. ' :>'
Japanese Order Rice.
PEKING, Jan. 6. — A dispatch from
Newchwang to-day announced that the
Japanese commercial houses » had in
structed their agents to send their
families away from Manchuria.
Warned to Leave Manchuria.
LONDON. Jan. 6. — Chief Roe of the
Fire Department was killed and thiee
firemen were badly injured by the col
lapse of a burning wall at a fire to
day. Sherling Bros.' wholesale shoe
factory and warehouse were burned.
The loss is estimated at $50,000.
London's Fire Chief Killed.
NORFOLK, Va.. Jan. 6.— The British
steamer Knight Errant. Captain Ken
dall, passed out of the Virginia Capes
this evening laden with 11,500 tons of
steam coal, shipped to an importing
firm in Yokohama, but for the use, it
is said, of the Japanese navy. A great
deal of interest is manifested in ship
ping circles regarding the safe passage
of the vessel, and it is understood an
unusually high risk was charged.
Captain Kendall expects to reach Yo
kohama inside of fifty days, and said
before sailing that precautions had
been taken which would render it im
possible for the voyage to be inter
rupted.
Voyage of Steamer Knight Errant
j Arouses 3Iuch Interest.
COAL GOES TO JAPAN.
"The Russian- Government has ap
proached the Wilson line, asking what
ships of the line could be chartered In
the Black Sea."
The Revue Russe savs that at the
moment of going to press the following
was received from an authoritative
source in St. Petersburg:
"The probability of war is decreasing.
At the present moment .Russia can
not make a casus belli of a temporary
landing of Japanese troops at a Korean
port with the object of maintaining
peace." . ;
"There is no doubt that the Russian
reply intimates in a friendly way that
Russia cannot-accept Japanese inter
ference. ' At a council concerning Man
churia it was stated that Japan was
placing immense difficulties in the way
of a peaceful solution, rendering it im
possible for Russia to recede from her
position in the Far East. Russia can
not allow Japan to acquire territory in
Southern Korea, thus cutting Commun
ication between Vladivostok and Port
Arthur. "_,
The Genoa correspondent of the same
paper says that the bulldeii of the
warships Nisshln and Kasaga, which
the Japanese Government purchased
from Argentina, are doing their utmost
to hasten their readiness for sea, and
that the Japanese admiral and his
officers .express satisfaction with the
vessels. The correspondent, further
says it is alleged that Japan 'is nego
tiating with Buenos Ayres for four
other Argentine warships. He adds:
PARl'S, Jan. 7.— The St. Petersburg
correspondent of the Paris edition of
the New York Herald cables aa fol
lows:
"There is almost no hope of a peace
ful solution, and the public is expect
ing news of a' battle, resulting from the
landing of Japanese troops in Korea.
A batta'*\>n has been sent from Vladi
vostok to prevent the Japanese land
ing."
EXPECTS NEWS OF BATTLE.
. ROME, Jan. 6. — The Congregation
of Rites at its session to-day perform
ed the first of the series of ceremonies
previous to the canonization of Joan
of Arc. namely, the official proclama
tion of the virtues and heroic deeds of
the Maid of Orleans.
Monsignor Panici, secretary of the
Congregation of Rites, read the papal
bull admitting the virtues of Joan of
Arc, and the Archbishop of Orleans,
who had dedicated his life to bring
ing abodt the beatification of Joan of
Arc, replied, thanking the Pope for
the honor conferred upon France.
Congregation of Rites. In Rome Opens
Series of Ceremonies Previous
to Canonization.
PROCLAIM VIRTUES /
OF JO AX OF ARC
"Two British warships, two Rus
sian and one American are in the har
bor of Chemulpo. The naval officers
say they will remain at Chemulpo un
til the erlsis is over. The Korean au
thorities admit they cannot answer for
the loyalty and discipline of the troops,
but the Americans are the only ones
thus far considering the landing of
"marines necessary."
PARIS, Jan. 6. — A dispatch received
by the French Foreign Office from
Seoul gives the circumstances leading
'up to the landing of American marines
in Korea. It says;
"The Korean army Is seriously dis
affected, chiefly because i of pay ar
rears, and is threatening to engage in
an outbreak at any moment, although
no actual disturbance has occurred up
to this time. As a precaution the
American Minister asked for a marine
guard, which was landed.
? Marines to Seoul.
Reason for the Sending of American
KOREAN* ARMY REBELLIOUS.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 6.-Secretary
Hay has completed his final revision
bf the answer to be made by the United
States Government to the protest filed
by General Rafael Reyes, the Colom
bian Minister, against the action of the
United States regarding affairs on tne
isthmus. The communication is a long
one and sets forth in detail the posi
tion of the administration on the va
rious points raised and grievances re
cited by General Reyes in his note sub
mitted to the State Department In the
latter part of December. The reply has
been given very earnest consideration J
by the President, Secretary Root, who
assisted in its preparing during the»
time Secretary Hay was ill, and by
Secretary Hay himself. This paper, to
gether with General Reyes' note, it la
expected will be sent to Congress prob
ably next week. f ,\ .
The Document Will Probably Be Pre
sented to Congress Next •
Week.
REPLY TO GENERAIi
REYES IS NOW READY
It is now the purpose of the depart
ment to cable to the admiral a special
set of instructions to meet the present
conditions in the Far East, and those
instructions will be delivered to him at
Guam, according to the present pro
gramme. It is said at the department
they will show no discrimination what
ever between the parties as to any pos
sible hostilities, but the admiral will
be expected to so dispose of his force
as to maintain the appearance of strict
neutrality as between the belligerents.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 6.— Naval of
ficials are somewhat embarrassed as to
the best disposition to be made of
United States warships on the Asiatic
station in view of the imminence of
war between Russia and Japan. The
policy of the administration is to ob
serve the strictest neutrality and keep
hands off, except in the single con
tingency of Infringement upon Ameri
can "treaty rights. •
When Admiral Evans' fleet was or
dered ba<ck to its station from Honolulu
It was arranged that the cruiser squad
ron should stop at Midway Island,
where there is a cable station, 'to re
ceive any instructions the department
might desire to send. T-hese instruc
tions were simply for Admiral Evans*
fleet to await instructions at Guam.
That dispatch was delivered to the
cruiser squadron, which touched at
Midway on the 3d Instant and left the
same day for Guam, the rendezvous of
the entire sauadron fleet.
It Is expected that Admiral Evans
will reach Guam* in a few days and re
port his arrival to the department.
Inquiry at the navigation bureau de
velops the fact that up to this mo
ment the admiral has received no spe
cial instructions for his guidance In
the event of hostilities in the Far East.
American Squadron to Maintain a Po
. sition of Strict Neutrality.
ORDERS TO ADMIRAL EVANS.
Continued From Page 1, Column 7.
— Japan, the commercial rights and im
munities acquired by Russia in Korea;
Russia, the commercial rights and im
munities acquired by Japan in Man
churia.
"In making the third proposition
Japan wished not only to protect her
rights In China and those of Russia in
Korea, but to consecrate by the princi
ple.of equality the commercial rights of
all nations In Korea and China.
"Russia declined the Japanese propo
sitions and submitted a counter propo
sition which contained a clause provid
ing for the creation of a neutral zone
extending from the China-Korean fron
tier to. Wongtan<>n the east and to
Pingyang on the west. The zone com
prised almost a .third of Korea.
"This Russian pretension took from
Japan all guarantee of the protection of
her rights in Manchuria and sequestra
ted a considerable part of Korea where,
without contradiction, Japan's interests
preponderate and which every nation
recognizes as being within the legiti
mate sphere of Japan.
"The proposal exasperated Japanese
public opinion. Japan could not ac
cept the proposal for these reasons:
"1— The definitive occupation by Rus
sia of Manchuria would be a perma
nent menace to the independence of
Korea, which Japan must prevent at
any price, for Korea is an advance post
of Japan's line of defense and the safe
ty of Korea is a condition sine qua non
of her own security.
"2 — Japan has, as other powers,
rights and immunities in Manchuria by
virtue of treaties with China. These
rights- and, immunities cannot be left
to the jnercy of Russia. The refusal of
Russia to examine the Manchuria
question denoted on her part the Inten
tion not to observe the rights of all
nations In that region. Most evident
among other proofs of this intention on
the part of Russia were the occupation
of Yang Tung Tcheng and the reoccu
patlon of Moukden. Every one knows
that by. the new treaties concluded by
the United States and Japan with
China one city and two ports were to
be opened to the commerce of the
world. Yang Tung Tcheng and Mouk
den* were the two points chosen. By
the occupation of these ports Russia
prevented China fulfilling the obliga
tions of her treaties.
"In Korea, equally, acts of Russia
have had, as a result, the closing of
the Yalu River to foreign commerce.
Japan asked Korea, simultaneously
with the United States and Great Brit
ain, to-open thlsi region to international
commerce. In occupying Tongwang
pow (Yongampho). the only port in
North Korea, Russia paralyzed the
realization of this project. Japan then
had reason to. fear that letting Russia
alone would result in closing the Yeli
low^Sea and the interior of Manchuria
to international commerce. : •
"In struggling with all her force
against the pretensions of Russia In
the Far East, Japan works not only for
herself, but for all nations. Japan does
not Ignore the dangers and risks of an
armed conflict with Russia, and does
not embark upon it with a light heart."
of Seoul. Through the kindly offices of
the American, Minister, General Foote,
a peaceful adjustment of difficulties
was brought about. The Japanese sur
vivors of the massacre were es
corted to Chemulpo. The Chinese army
of 3000 men and the Japanese force of
5000 were withdrawn from Korea.
Japan regards the Russian pressure
toward Korea as a menace and will re-
Blst the advance on the battlefield. For
many years there existed a neutral
zone between the heavily timbered re
gion of Northern Korea and Manchu
ria. It is reuorted that the Russians
/recently sought leases of neutral ter
ritory and are now in possession of. the
country. It is well understood that
Russia is j|low to relinquish any ad
vantages gained by diplomacy or war.
General Foote entertains a high opin
ion of the fighting quality of the Jap
anese army and is not at all convinced
that Japan would come 'out second best
in. a clash on land. It is the judgment
of military men generally that Russia
will be able to hold the, territory that
she now occupies.' vX '- ' >c '
The gunboat Independencia arrived
here last night with two captured
Dominican schooners in tow. The
Bchooners carried arms and munitions
of war intended for coast defense. The
InflepenGencia bombarded the suburbs
of the city to-day, with the object of
driving out the revolutionists.
It is officially reported that Bana
and San Cristobal have been retaken
by the Government troops.
Trfere was a severe encounter be
tween, the Government troops and the
revolutionists at Haina, with the result
favorable to the Government.
The tug Ana. the property of an
estate of • San Isidro, was prevented
reaching the estate by the revolution
ists ( and the owners applied for pro
tection to United States Minister
Powell. The latter informed the Gov
ernment officials that if they could not
protect the Ana he would. Command
er Merts of the United "States gunboat
Newport supplied an armed convoy
for the Ana, equipped with a field
gun: .The two boats were ready to
leave when the Government endeavor
ed to. prevent their departure.. Minis
ter Powell promptly directed that the
boats proceed and said that he and
Commander Merts would accept all re
sponsibility for their action.
There was a severe attack 'on the
city this morning, but the troops re
pulsed the revolutionists. Commerce
Js completely at a standstill. News
from the interior cannot be obtained.
ESCAPES TO CANADA.
BUT PAYS HIS BOND
J. F. Gaynor. Chanred With Fraud.
Evades the Law. But Reimburses
His Friend.
NEW YORK, Jan. 6. — Ex-Mayor W.
B. Kirk of Syracuse, now a guest at
the Hoffman House, is reported to
have exhibited a check for $40,000
payable to his order and bearing the
signature of J. F. Gaynor.
Many months ago Kirk signed a bail
bond for Gaynor. who had been in
dicted for complicity in the rrauds con
nected with Government work in the
harbor of .Savannah. Gaynor went to
Canada and Kirk had to pay the $40,
000. When Gaynor saw that the bond
must be paid he is said to have sent
his check to his bondsman.
St. Louis Man Missing In Paris.
PARIS. Jan. 6.— Henry Hazleton,
who registered from; SL Louis. Mo.,
is missing. The last seen of him was
during the night of December 20. He
was known to have in his pocket a let
ter of credit for a large amount and
it is believed that Hazleton was mur
dered and his body thrown into the
Shipping Strike Spreads.
BARCELONA, Jan. 6. — The strike
of-men employed by-. the shipping in
terests is spreading and becoming
general throughout-the ports of Spain.
BRITAIN MAY AID JAPAN.
Cannot Permit the Little Empire to
Be Crushed by Russia.
, LONDON, Jan. 7.— There are two in
dications, this morning that nothing
definite has developed In the Far East
ern crisis and that nothing is likely to
develop until the end of the week. The
first of these- indications, according to
ttier Tokio" correspondent; of the Daily
fTelVgraph, is triat an urgency meeting
of the' Japanese Cabinet has been called
for to-day, and the second is that the
members of ; the British Cabinet have
been notified to assemble, on Monday.
The meeting of the Japanese Cabinet
has almost certainly been called for
the purpose of considering the reply of
Russia to the last Japanese note; and
it is equally certain the meeting of the
British Cabinet will be for the purpose
of discussing the attitude of Great
Britain In the light of the Russian re
ply. This question is beginning to be
most anxiously discussed by the Brit
ish press. . '•• .
Editorials in this morning's papers
are almost unanimous in admitting
that, even if the war should be con
fined to Russia and Japan, Great Brit
ain cannot possibly see Japan crushed,
and that, although not called upon to
interfere by the terms of the; Anglo-
Japanese treaty, and while hostilities
may be confined to the .two nations,
yet;in the event of Japan suffering, a
great naval defeat Great 'Britain would
be, almost compelled to go to her as
sistance. ' .
: "Thus," as the Dally Telegraph ob
serves, "the Cabinet will be called upon
to discuss not only the nature of the
obligations arising out of the Anglo-
Japanese alliance, but also the limits
pf British neutrality in the event of a
Russo-Japanese war." '
Some of the papers, apparently doubt
ing:.- from the record of the present
Government, urge that a plain Indica
tion of Great Britain's intentions would
be-most effective In avoiding war. The
Morning Post asks:
\ "What has the Government done by
way .of preparation for a war on a
sreat scale in 1904?"
The Daily Mail wants Russia notified
that "under no. circumstances will
Great Britain permit the Russian Black
Sea fleet to .pass the Dardanelles," and
urges the Admiralty "to see that the
navy is quite ready for emergency."
- The Standard's Tokio correspondent
says that the Russian warships which
until" recently were In Korean waters
are returning hastily to Port Arthur.
He adds that the fall in stocks con
tinues unchecked.
•The Chefu correspondent of the
Morning Post cables that orders have
been issued to the officials of the' Si
berian Railroad that freight trains
shall; carry only coal for Port Arthur.
A strong squadron is moored in ¦ the
harbor, of Port Arthur.
lu Event of War First Combat Will
Be Fought Near Seoul.
KOREA THE BATTLEGROUND.
In the event of war between Russia
and Japan the contending armies would
probably fight the ' first battle some
where near Seoul, the capital of Korea.
The seaport nearest Seoul is Chemulpo,
distant twenty-seven miles. An electric
railway, built in American style, con
nects the seaport with the capital.
There is a strong. Impression in army
and navy circles of San Francisco that
the United States Government is pre
paring the army transports with a view
of sending American troops to China
or Korea. There is said to be serious
apprehension of revolt and trouble in
China. It is feared that fighting on
Korean soil between the Russians and
Japanese would be the signal for an
other uprising in China.
Telegrams from Washington mention
the- preparation" to land United States
marines at Chemulpo as an incident of
affairs in the Orient, b\it in France and
England great, significance 13 attached
to the movement. Seoul, the capital of
Korea, was the scene of a bloody revo
lution in 1881. Many Japanese were
slain by Koreans and many more would
have been massacred If protection had
not been afforded to them at the Amer
ican legation .in Seoul. General Lucius
H. Foote of this city was then Minister
Plenipotentiary and Envoy Extraordi
nary from the United States to the
kingdom of Korea. His courageous and
kindly services in behalf or the Japan
ese were so highly valued by the Em
peror of Japan that the latter sent a
letter of thanks to our Government.
The letter was transmitted to the Sen
ate by the Secretary of State.
Speaking of the American legation at
Seoul, General FOote last evening re
marked that it embraced five acres of
land inclosed by a cement wall. The
residence of the Emperor of Korea is
near by, and the British and Russian
legations are adjacent. A large and
substantial brick dwelling and three
small houses are within the American
lines.
General Foote believes that a force
of 100 marines within the legation walls
would, if properly equipped with rapid
fire guns, be sufficient to afford pro
tection to the Minister and attaches. In
Korea foreigners are hated. There is
a traditional prejudice against the for
eigner of the Japanese type which does
not apply to Americans, British and
Russians. Legends of Korea represent
Japan as the ancient enemy and tradi
tional oppressor. In the outbreak of
18S1 the wrath of the populace against
the Japanese could- not be restrained,
hence many Japs were ruthlessly
butchered in the streets o-f S-Loul. In
the event of war and the massing; of
armed Russians and Japanese on Ko
rean territory the natives o. the coun
try might not extend sympathy or aid
to. either. It is probable that the ap
pearance of the Russians on the war
path would excite curiosity. The sight
of the Japanese would surely provoke
demonstrations of hostility. It is the
policy of Japan to civilize the Orient
and to preserve the autonomy of Ori
ental nations against the slow and
fateful advance of Russia. The pur
pose of the- Japanese is beyond the
comprehension of both the Korean and
the Chinaman. ¦ ' "¦* . ' ¦ •¦•
After vjtho- massacre of Japanese' at
Seoul in 1881 Count Inouye. then Prime
Minister ' of Japan, ¦ went to Chemulpo
with a large . fleet of warships. Five
thousand Japanese soldiers were landed
at that "port and marched to the 'walls
NEGOTIATIONS TO CONTINUE.
Tokio Official. Explains Status of the
,, ... , Far Eastern Question.
TOKIO, Jan. 6.— It- is believed here
that the Russian response has been
handed to the Government, but the
secret of Its delivery has been jealously
guarded and the nature of the reply
remains undisclosed. Minister of For
eign Affairs Komura called this after
noon upon Baron de Rosen, the Rus
sian Minister to Japan, with whom he
remained an hour. Later he visited
Premier Katsura and an extended con
ference was held.
There is every indication now that
further negotiations will take place, al
though it Js expected that Japan will
refuse to fransfer the discussion of af
fairs to St. Petersburg if this be pro
posed. • ¦ . .
Governor Taft of the Philippine Isl
ands and his wife was to-day granted
an audience by the Emperor and Em
press, taking luncheon with them later.
Subsequently an informal discussion
took place, the Emperor expressing his
satisfaction at- the friendly relations
which existed between America- and
Japan, which he hoped would continue.
He wished the Americana to under
stand that Japan was striving earnestly
and patiently to maintain peace.
A high Japanese authority to-day
made the following-explanation of the
status of the Far Eastern question:
"The statement that Russia has made
concessions to Japan is not exact. On
the contrary Russia, in the month of
October, made certain concessions
which were accepted by Japan, but sub
sequently withdrew them and assumed
an attitude which left the Japanese
little hope in the way of reaching a
satisfactory agreement. The Japanese
Government, -confident in the "declara
tions of disinterestedness In Manchuria
made by Russia and recognizing Rus
sia's special interests in that region,
wished to regulate, once "for all, all
questions in the Far East in the(inter
est of future peace and tranquillity.
To this end Japan made the following
proposals:
"1— Russia and Japan should mu
tually respect • the independence and
territorial integrity of China and
Korea. - . . " v
"2— To recognize reciprocally— Japan,
the special interests of Russia in Man
churia; Russia, the special interests of
Japan Jn Korea.
"3— To engage mutually not to infringe
ST. PETERSBURG, Jan. 6.— The
semi-official dispatch of last night from
Vladivostok reporting that, owing to
disturbances between Koreans and
Japanese in Korea, the Russian Second
Rifle Regiment, at Its full strength,
had been dispatched to Korea to pro
tect Russian interests there, created
little comment here. The diplomatists
are disposed to regard It as merely a
move on the diplomatic chessboard.
Only one newspaper, the St. Petersburg
Skija WJedomosti, refers to the dis
patch. It says the movement proves
the flrmnesa of the Russian policy.
The announcement appears to have
created a greater impression in Mos
cow. Commenting thereon, the Mos
kowsklja Wjedomosti declares Russia
Is "ready to fight Japan and a coali
tion, if necessary."
A dispatch from Port Arthur says the
Russo-Japanese crisis is commented
upon by Viceroy AlexienT's newspaper,
the JNbva Kraige, as follows:
"No threats can make Russia aban
don her legitimate rights in Manchuria
or in Korea. The interests of Russia
and Japan can be reconciled without
violating that country's (Korea's) sov
ereignty. The outcome of the negotia
tions depends on the number of iron
clads at Port Arthur and of troops in
?Manchuria. Russia does not fear war,
but she does not desire it and therefore
is seeking to render It impossible."
or a Coalition of Powers.
Says Nation Is Ready to Ffgrht Japan
RUSSIAN' PRESS BOASTFUL.
"That implies the belief, according to
Russian explanation, that Japan will
give her reply much quicker than the
Czar's Government has been able to do.
I notice that when it is Russia's turn
to reply the Russian and some Euro
pean papers are very pacific, ' but di
rectly It devolves upon Japan to an
swer their tone suddenly becomes pes
simistic. This Is very significant."
Baron Hayashi, the Japanese Min
ister, in an interview published this
morning, makes an interesting refer
ence to the report from St. Petersburg
that peace is likely to be reached by
the Russian Christmas. The Minister
said: •¦•¦••
ready to start for Chinese waters Jan
uary 8.
AHABCHY'S REIGH WILL BE CHECKED
Thomas Knight testified on the stand
that Superintendent Winchell of the
Amalgamated was "a liar." and this
started the personal quarrel between
the attorneys. Attorney Evans brought
out the "statement from a witness later
that the two quarreling factions of men
in the Pennsylvania workings near the
ecene of the explosions December 13
¦were working on the same slopes and
•were leasers trying to extract the same
ore;
HELENA, Mont., Jan. 6.— During the
progress of the inquiry into the cause
of the fatal explosion in the Michael
Davitt mine at Butte January 1, sensa
tional testimony w.a.s offered and At
torney Evans, representing the Amal
gamated Copper Company, and County
Attorney Ercen would have engaged in
a. personal encounter had not the Cor
oner stepped between. A miner whose
name is Allen testified that ten boxes
of dynamite were used in the mine and
that the blasts were so frequent and
awful In force that the* miners wrerer
unable to work in the shaft.
Prosecutor Breen in .his examination
of Alexander McDonald asked him if
he was not in the employ of the Penn
sylvania Company while working, on
Johnstown territory and Whether he
had not suggested to a miner named
Harris that there would be $2000 in it
for him if he would come u>. the inquest
and testify that x>owder had been car
ried from "Rarus" to "Raze" on the
night of. the explosion.
CRIPPLE CREEK. Colo., Jaji. 6.— C.
H. Reimer. a business associate of
James F. Burns, president of the Port
land Mining Company, was arrested
by a military squad to-day and lodg-ed
In the bull pen. K. C. Sterling, chief
detective of the Mine Owners* Associa
tion at whose instigation the arrest
was made, said that after being de
tained for a time Reimer would be ban
ished from the district. Sterling also
declared that if Burns should come
here and Interfere In behalf of Reimer
he. too, would be placed in the bul pen
Reimer and Burns, it Is salfl. incurred
the enmity of the Mine Owners Asso
ciation by giving employment to union
miners in the Portland mine and by
waging a successful campaign for tne
election of a union man as County As
sessor. In an interview Reimer said:
"I represent the Ryan-Whitney in
terest in the Portland Gold Mining
Company. I have been In favor, with
Mr. Burns, of union labor and the de
mands made by the Western Federa
tion of Miners for decent wages at mills
and mines. I know no other cause why
I should be taken to Camp Goldneia
and to the bull pen." ,— a *
Reimer, it is reported, has claimed
to have evidence that will clear away
all suspicion directed against m «"]°«"
of the Western Federation of Mmers
in connection with the Vindicator mine
explosion and the alleged attempt to
wreck a train on the Florence and Crip
ple Creek Railroad. '-"^
One Witness Says That Blasts
\\>re\so Frequent and Heavy
That 3Ien Could Not Work
Cripple Creek Authorities Say
That Cause Is Meddling With
Affairs of the Employers
MUCH TALK OF BRIBERY
BANISHMENT THREATENED
• ¦ •
formation regarding the Russian reply was received from the As
sociated Press St. Petersburg dispatches of yesterday, namely,
that the instructions sent to Viceroy Alexieff, on which the Rus
sian answer is based, were drawn "¦ up in "the most conciliatory
spirit. So far as we know this evening 'the'; Russian reply has not
yet reached Tokio. There is; no wever,: grave reason to fear that
such of the Japanese proposals as have been accepted by Russia are
of a minor character and that the main points of the,dispute have
not. reached^ settlement." • ' : '"'.:
Orders for: American and other foreign wheat put up the
price one 'shilling' per .quartdr to-day, in consequence of the Far
Eastern situation. .
In connection with. the.- effecton the. food market o£ the pos
sible war between Russia and Japan Baron Hayashi, the Japan
ese Minister, said to-day that he had been overwhelmed with
offers from manufacturers of canned goods.
"People do not seem to.undersla.nd," .said ,jhe_. Minister,
"that our army does not need such rations. From the private to
the general we live on rice and.dried fish, /which necessitate prac
tically no transport." ¦ v .; , :
A dispatch to Reuter's Telegram Company from Tokio says:
"All the Russian ..warships' recently at Vladivostok are re
ported to have sailed, probably for Port Arthur. ' Russia's "reply
has not yet ..been received by Japan: There is a strong, wide
spread tendency to doubt the' reports of the alleged conciliatory
character of the reply."
The Shimonez; (Japan) correspondent of the Daily Mail, tel
egraphing under date of January 6,says that theGermans of Kiao
chau are supplying the'Russians with coal and gunners, and that
Admiral Alexieff's agents are offering large sums . to induce
American and British gunners to desert and go to Port Arthur.
The correspondent adds that Prince Adelbert is reported as
predicting, presumably as a price of German good will, that the
whole province of Shantung will become German territory.
Commenting on the situation the Daily Telegraph adds:
"All of the latest information at hand from Russia confirms the
opinion long since held in diplomatic circles that. the. war party
has got the upper hand in court and that Count Lamsdorf and the
Foreign Office have practically no voice in the ultimate decision. *
If such be the case, peace is hopeless."
ROME, Jan. 6. — Mr. Ohyma, the Japanese Minister, said
to-day that in the event of war his country was in a position to
rapidly center 300,000 men in Manchuria, while Russia would
find difficulty in sending more than 200,000 men.
Minister Ohyma said that the naval forces of Japan were
numerically superior to those of Russia, and, from a military
standpoint, ,were worth double.
"If war breaks out," said the Minister, "it will last for only
a few weeks. I hope for a victory for Japan."
_ — . __ : : j.
Prominent Business Man Is
Jailed Because He Gave
Views Favorable to Unions
During Progress of Inquiry
Into Davitt Explosion Law
vers Almost Come to Blows
MINERS' ROW
CROWS FIERCE
MINERS' FRIEND
IN "BULL PEN"
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, THURSDAY; JANUARY 7, 1904.
Continued From Page 1, Columns' 5 and 6.
BRITISH CREWS WILL MAN JAPANESE WARSHIPS.
RUSSIA'S REPLY TO TOKIO IS UNSATISFACTORY
Continued From 'Page 1,' Columns 2 and 3.
Itching, Blind, Bleeding or Protruding Piles.
Tour, druggist -will -refund : money-. If Paro
Ointment tails. to cure you in 6 to 14. flays. 60s*
A Guaranteed Cure for Files.
2
SCOTT'S EJgTTLSION.
¦WHAT AND WHY.
Why should substitutes
for Scott's Emulsion be re-,
fused? :*gfi ;
Because they do not begin
to offerthe equivalent of food-
value contained- in Scott's
Emulsion.
.Why should special care
be taken to avoid so-called
wines, cordials and extracts
of cod liver oil ? ->• :^ '. i
Because they contain a
large ; percentage of alcohol
and - afford only temporary
stimulation.
Does not Scott's Emulsion
also stimulate the body?
Yes, but it is stimulation
through nourishment.
What vital food principle
is involved in the action of
Scott's Emulsion ? ¦¦
Direct and perfect nourish-
ment" without vtax on : the
stomach. -
.Well send yea a sample free npom request.
SCOTT & BOWNE, 409 Pearl Street, New Yorfc
DB. SHOOP'S REMEDIES.
The Bcok Tells Yoa Bow
To Get Well At fly Risk.
If want to feel better.
If you want more atrencth.
If you lack ambition.
If you can't do things lik° you used, to
If your nerves — your courage — ts leaving you.
If your oonniler.ee tn. yourself is lesa.
If yot) lark vim. vlfor, vitality.
If something Is eating away your constitu-
tion.
Ask me by letter for the book. •
Don't semJ a penny. Let me take th« rlslt. '
V«et me tell you of a rtrugsist near y<Mi who
will rive- you mix bottles I>r. Shoop'a nestora-
tlve on a month' » trial. Take tt and see fa*
yourself what tt will do. Th^n decide.
No cost— not a penny— if .you «a.y "I am no
better." Don't leave It to the druggist— nor
to me. We might be prejudiced.
You. you alone, shall say the word, whether
you pay $5.50 or nothing. Th« druggist can't
complain. lie Is to bill the cost to m- at your
say so.
Try Dr. Sboop's Kestoratira A Montli At
My Bill.
Not a penny It It falls..
It's a two-cent stamp— or a postal— against
six bottlea of. my Rpstiir*tlve — against *5.jio,
their coat. Don't yoa. begin to belleT« th« Re-
storative can do something unusual for the
sick? I tav« found, long ago, hoU certain U
U. bow seldom tt falls.
I'll risk my reputation on It. Arid. the cost
of the medicine, tco. I know, and I want you
to know. This la my _way. or gaining your
Interest. Others don't, do It that .way. if.
pay anyway with them. Ask me lot tne book
you need. ¦ ....
Write me. Now — to-day. y
Simply state "which - Book 1 on Dyspepsia,
book you wanr and." S°°* :? on th * Heart, r
£*«?• * sh r ; 9 -
Box 8630. Racine. Book » for men (waled)
WIs. Book 8 on Rheumatism
MtM cases, not chrontc. are often cured with
one or two bottles. At druggists*. , J*
BOARD OF • . % '"
. LONDON WINE MERCHANTS '
-'- HASSaECTEO -
DRYMONOPOLE
A3 THE BtST
CHAMPAGNE IN THE
WORLO
Ho I nmAsKSrSSANTA R6SA, Jan. 6.— -District At
torney Pond has sworn to an affidavit
charging James Brula with insanity.
Brula recently was. held to appear be
fore the Superior Court on a charge of
grand larceny.-. he. having. stolen some
clothing, a; shotgun and a revolver
from a residence at Reclamation.
Brula has been acting in a strange
manner since his arrest and the of
ficers believe he Is demented. '
Believe Prisoner Is Insane.
;¦ - The % certificate of death of Rev.
George'" Howard Stud ley, who perished
in the ' Iroquois Theater disaster. Chi
cago,'was filed yesterday In the Health
Office. 'i. ,-* Dr.- Studley formerly resided
at .727 r^Shotwell street and was 30
years of age.: He , was born in this
city andf lived here for . twenty years.
He was buried yesterday at t -Cypress
Lawn 1 Cemetery. The undertaker said
that '8tud!ey' was minus a: leg and an
arm* and his face was unrecognizable.
Remains *pf : Chicago Fire Victim In
: terred In Cypress Lawn.
FUNERAL 1 ; OF REV. MR. STUDLEY.
men. many of ¦ them bleeding ¦ from \
wounds about*, the face and arms,
worked manfully to get her out. V It
took two hours of steady work to re
lieve her. "When .she was taken out
she addressed a doctor who, was bend
ing over her as /Papa.' The physician
did not have the heart to tell -her that
she was an drphan. her father' and
mother .having been killed."- Martinmas
killed instantly and .Mrs., Martin'* 'died
ten minutes after being taken out of
the .wreck. _The child was ; suffering
¦ with ' a : broken ankle, where t the i heavy
stove fell on her. and severe scalp con
tusions. She was put to sleep by, a hy
podermic injection to relieve her, pain;
j - "Some of, the; bodies .; found |n .the
wreckage were so badly crushed as to
be unrecognizable; Through r a , hole
chopped on .the: left side of a car the
body of a gray-haired, heavy-set man
and a. r woman with long, yellow ; hair
were visible when the, train 'with ;the in
jured was .taken back to town. At that
time • the rescuers -were . positive ' that
they had removed all the Jiving- vic
tims.' •;.; ; ; ;-•, ¦.'¦-¦ :'"-•:- :r. r
, VALLEJO. Jan. 6.— The alarming
discovery has been made here that
the doors, of the two public
houses, recently completed swing in
ward instead of outward.: This se
rious defebt In the buildings will be
remedied at once. City officials are
investigating the safety of public
buildin&s. and they are apt to demand
the enlargement, of ¦ the exits of the
local theaters. . v
ynllejo Officials Are Aroused.
Loses Three Relatives in Theater Fire.
# VICTORIA. '• B. C. Jan. 6. — C. Ar
nold,-a- passenger on the steamer
Empress of Japan, which arrived
yesterday, found on arrival that his
mother and two sisters were among
the dead of the Iroquois Theater
horror.- -
SACRAMENTO. Jan. 6.— The State Building
Trades Council will convepe In Sacramento
Mnndav January 11. P. H. McCarthy of San
Francisco wiU^r«lde. An address of wel
come will be delivered by «»£«""""£
a mass-meetlne which Is to b« held in the
a s «Sj" ™ chamber ot the State Capitol next
Tuesday night.
house were thrown into a panic by the
fire was shown by the testimony of
all the stage hands examined to-day.
Two ushers, each 16 years old, declared
that they had run on the first alarm
of fire, and did not return to the thea
ter until the next day. The stage hands
said they all sought safety on hearing
that the place was on fire.
The formal inquest Into the Hre will
begin to-morrow, morning.
Four bodies of the Iroquols fire vic
tims still remain unidentified at the
County; Morgue. y.v
Coast Branch of Historical Society.
STANFORD UNIVERSITr, Jan. 6.
At the recent session of the American
Historical Association, held In New
Orleans, the plan of organizing a Pa
cific Coast branch of the association
ti as favorably acted upon. It Is pro
posed to make the Pacific Coast
l.ranrh cover all the territory west of
the Rockies and make membership in
*:th«?r the national association or the
]n<--al branch include membership in
ihp other. The object of the new or
ganization rrill be to develop Interest
in historical matters on the coast.
Rob Jeweler In His Office.
CHICAGO, Jan. «. — With persons
busy in offices all about him, David
Freeman, jeweler, with offices on the
sixteenth floor of the Masonic Temple,
was held up by two men to-day and
robbed of $4300 in currency, diamonds
and watches. A dagger was pointed at
his heart and he was threatened with
instant death, he says, and forced to
go down on his knees and open his
safe.
RAISE NEW ISSUE . IN
THE DIETRICH CASE
Nebraska Senator's Counsel -Will Not
Admit That nc Wns Official When
"AHeircdFrapds Occurred.
OMAHA, ';Nebr., , Jan. '6'— When the
Indictment charging Senator Charles
H. Dietrich with 'alleged bribery in
connection with the -Hastings. Nebr.,
postoffice appointment is called on
Thursday the defense will refuse to
admit that Dietrich- had become a
United States Senator when, the al
leged transaction ' took place. The
charge is made In the indictment that
Senator Dietrich negotiated with
Fisher as early as January of the year
in which the. Legislature elected Diet
rich to the position of United States
Senator. General -Cowin, who repre
sents Senator Dietrich, contends that
there could be no violation in the
building. lease charge, basing his con
tention on the same ground as in the
bribery " charge. This question prob
ably will be the first to be adjudicated
when court convenes Thursday.
Hawaiian Bill Recommitted.
WASHINGTON, Jan. «. — The only
measure considered in the House to
day was that introduced by the Dele-,
gate of Hawaii to ratify an act of th«
Hawaiian Legislature authorizing th«
manufacture and distribution of elec
tric light and power on the Island of
Oahu. Territory of Hawaii. Owing to
objections made to the bill in the form
presented, It was recommitted to th*
Committee on Territories.
Rancher Meets Mysterious Death.
SANTA ROSA. Jan. 6.— With a bul
let hole in his head, Alex Schuhart, a
well-known farmer,. who. until a short
time ago,' resided near Healdsburg, has
been found dead in the Gualala Hirer,
on the northern boundary; of Sonoma
County. Indications point to murder.
Schuhart recently spld his ranch, went
to Oualala a few days ago and disap
peared. He Is believed to have had a
considerable' sum- of -money with him.
Professor Alden of Stanford to Wed.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Jan. 6.
The announcement has been made of
the engagement of Professor Raymond
McDonald Alden of the English de
partment and Miss Barbara Genery
Hitt of Los Angeles, a former student
in the department of English litera
ture. The ne^s comes as a pleasant
F-jrprise to the college community.
The -wadding -will occur next Mav.
Miss Hitt is very popular in college,
Focial and literary circles. Professor
Alden became a member of the Stan
ford faculty in 1901, resigning a posi
tfon at the University of Pennsylvania
to arrpnt on*» h*>r«>
This statement aroused Spooner, who
said that the charge did great injustice
to the Postmaster General.* So far as
the Bristow inquiry was concerned
Payne had been In thorough sympathy
with it and had placed the entire ma
chinery of the department at the com
mand of the official who had made thi3
most remorseless inquiry.
Replying, Carmack disclaimed any
intention to chargfi Payne with com
plicity or sympathy with the Irregu
larities in '_ his . department. His sug
gestion was that of indifference to the
wrong and the natural . inference was
that if the inquiry had . been lef t ?io
him there would have been none.
An agreement was reached to post
pone further discussion of 'the subject
until Friday next.
"If," he said, "this report speaks the
truth Perry Heath originated all the
frauds in his office. If the report Is
not correct the fact should be known'
and Mr. Heath vindicated. If the
charges are well founded Mr. Heath
should be indicted and punished."
• Reference was made to the negotia
tions with G. S. Richardson concerning
the Montague indicator, in which Clay
said there were many suspicious feat
ures pointing to Heath.
Carmack made a- general plea for a
Senatorial inquiry and quoted the
newspaper report to the effect that the
Postmaster General had ,not been in
sympathy with the Postoffice Depart
ment Inquiry when undertaken and
that he pronounced the Tulloch charges
to be "hot air." : ,,:
Clay quoted extracts from the Bris
tow report to substantiate his argu
ntent.
Clay expressed surprise that there
should be opposition to the Carmack
resolution, and called attention to the
declarations by Fourth Assistant Gen
eral Brlstow and Counselors Bonaparte
and Conrad that the Investigation
should be carried further. He declared
that the Bristow report "demonstrates
the absolute guilt of the late First As
sistant Postmaster General, Mr. Heath.
He (Bristow) says himself that this
leading high official was guilty and the
proof overwhelming. If this is true.
Mr. Heath should have been indicted.
I will do Mr. Bristow the credit to say
that his report shows that the frauds
of the Postofflce Department originated
in Heath's office. If so, he must have
had cognizance of them. Then why
should the subordinates in that office
be indicted if the principal be allowed
to escape?"
WASHINGTON, Jan. 6.— Alleged ir
regularities in the Postoffice Depart
ment constituted the only theme In the
Senate to-day. The question came up
on a motion first made by Lodge and
afterward by Penrose" to refer the Car
mack resolution, looking to a Senato
rial investigation of the Postofflce De
partment, to the Committee on Post
offices and Postroads. The Demo
cratic Senators resisted the motion and
contended that the country would not
be satisfied with an investigation of a
department made by the department
itself. The debate continued for al
most two and a half hours and was
extremely spirited from start to finish.
Further consideration of the subject
was deferred until Friday.
Democrats Attempt to Force Licgisla
tive Inquiry Into Postal Frauds.
SENATORS ASSAIL HEATH.
WASHINGTON. Jan.' «.— Postoffloes
established: Washington — Hobson,
Chelan County, Thomas M. Butler,
postmaster.
Postofflce discontinued, January 14:
California — Tia Juana,. San, Diego
County, mall to Nestor.
Postmasters commissioned: Califor
n __Fred a [ Garner, Arabella.
Washington— Joseph B. Furby. Al
mIra « . . j
Fourth class postmasters appointed:
Oregon— George T. Smith, Chitwood,
Lincoln County, vice Harry Eyer, re
signed; Mrs. Clara E. Wright, For
rest. Klamath County, vice Nathan L.
High, resigned; Marion C. Gray, St.
Helena/Columbia County, vice Nancy
E. Dolman, resigned; Daniel B. Trost
man, Tallman. Linn' County, vice W.
A. Terhuhe, resigned.
Rural free delivery will be estab
lished February 15 at Newman, Stan
islaus County. Cal.
Army orders? — Contract Surgeon
Victor E.Watkins assigned to duty in
the Department of California; Second
Lieutenants Arthur H. Freshwater
and Charles L. Woodhouse. : Twenty
eighth Infantry, ordered before ex
amining board at San Francisco for
examination for promotion; Major
John E. Baxter, quartermaster, or
dered from the Philippines to San
Francisco for further orders.
Numerous. Changes in the Postal Ser
vice Are Made and Many Army
' \ Orders Issued:* ••
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
following: nominations:
Rear admiral — Captain Charles
O'Nell.
Captains — Commander Francis B.
Delano. Commander Albion V. Wad
hams.
Senate Receives Nominations of Three
Men In Navy Who Are to Be
Advanced.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 6. — The Pres
ident to-day sent to the Senate th»
TWO PROMOTIONS ARE
i; .MADE BY PRESIDENT
SAN JOSE, Jan. 6. — The delegates
from Santa Clara County to the Na
tional Livestock Association, which
meets at Portland, Or., next week, will
try to secure the convention in 1905
lor San Jose. The Chamber of Com
merce has sent the association an in
vitation to come here. Charles W.
Coe, the delegate from the Chamber
of Commerce, is going prepared to
make a hard fight. He takes with
him 1500 cartons of fancy packed
prunes to distribute among the dele
gates. Supervisors G. E. Rea and F.
M. Stern, also delegates, will co-oper
ate with Coe In the tvork. Efforts will
be inpfle to organize all the California
delegates for San Jose. El Paso, Tex.,
is believed to be the only other candi
date for the convention in 1905. All
kinds of entertainment is promised the
cattlemen if they select San Jose for
their next meeting place.
Chamber of Commerce Desires to En
tertain the Members of the Na
tional Livestock Association.
CATTLEMEN'S CONVENTION
IS INVITED TO SAN JOSE
Two years ago Mrs. Dicker obtained
a divorce from her husband, and it
uas then that he kidnap<yl the chil
dren and fled. Mrs. Dicker at once
took up the search and employed de
tectives to find the little girls, but not
until a month ago did she learn of their
v.hereabouts. When she did she acted
quickly.
Arriving in Portland, she appeared
before the courts with documentary evi
dence of the Michigan court's decree
awarding the children to her. A de
tective then proceeded to Dicker's resi
dence and after a bitter scene and a
lengthy consultation with his attorneys
Dicker surrendered the children to their
mother.
PORTLAND, Or.. Jan. 6.— After flee- j
Ins from his wife, home and friends at i
Mount Pleasant. Mich., crossing the I
continent with his little daughters and !
secreting himself and them on an ob
scure ranch in Sherman County, Ore
gon, for two years, Edward Dicker has
been discovered by the deserted moth
er. She located her truant husband and
their children a month ago, quickly se
cured a decree of court awarding her
the custody of the little girls, came
West as fast as steam and steel could
bring her and, with the assistance of
the Boys' and Girls' Aid Society^ re
covered her little ones. Mrs. Dicker
will return East to-morrow, taking the
children with her.
Special Etts patch to The Call
"One man was taken out by a rear
door-withln' five minutes after the col
lision and died almost instantly from
internal injuries. A. woman died two
hours later while trying to tell a phy
sician- her name. A little girl; named
Bonnie Martin, about, 11 years of ; age,
was- pinned down between 'the/: two
cars, a heavy stove resting on- one foot.
Her cries 'attracted the rescuers, and
RESCUERS SAVE A CHILD.
"With one exception those in the
sleeper devoted themselves unselfishly
to the care of the wounded. That ex
ception was a man who would not give
up his berth. I told some men to jerk
him out. They Jerked him out and I
have not seen him since."
HORRORS OV THE DISASTER.
Harvey G. Parsons, a writer for the
Topeka State Journal, was on the train.
In his account of the wreck he says:
. "It was in* the third car of the pas
senger tram — the first coach, preceded
by a smoker and baggage car — that the
great slaughter of passengers took
place. The shock drove the smoking
car, which was occupied by only two
or three men, completely over and
through the car behind it, which was
crowded with passengers, some stand
ing: in the aisle, when the shock came.
The passengers In the car where the
numerous deaths^occurred did not feel
any serious . shock. They were first
warned by the total darkness follow
ing the setting of the airbrakes. Then
a mass of splintered wood and iron
crowded down upon them. No one was
thrown out of his seat by the blow.
Out of possibly one hundred persons In
the car about thirty escaped without
injury. They got out, hurriedly, by the
rear door, which, was still unobstructed.
No one in the front half of the car
escaped. They were crushed down be
tween the seats by the smoking car.
Only three living persons were taken
out by the rescuers, who chopped holes
Into the side, floor and; , top* of the
wrecked cars in a frenzied attempt to
rescue a man, a small girl and a mid
dle-aged woman, who were moaning
and begging for aid. The rest of the
passengers in the forward half were"
dead.
"When the collision came we wer- air,
of course. In our berths. I was thrown
from mine and immediately got Into
my clothing to see what was wrong.
The 'condition of • the wrecked train
cannot be described; and, indeed, after
ascertaining that the other train was
a stock train I paid little attention to
it. I saw that medical assistance \Vas
the first thing needed. There were two
young women* in my cai 1 who offered
their services and they worked unhesi
tatingly. I really did not do much, but
these other people did wonders. All of
the people in the sleeper were bundled
out to make room for the injured from
the wreck. We did. not have much in
tha vay of medical appliances, but tore
up sheets for bandages, stopped
wounds as well as we could and made
the injured as comfortable as possible.
The hero of" the wreck was Dr.
Bell of New York City, a . oung physi
cian, crippled and walking on crutches.
Dr. Bell, although slightly hurt as a
result of the collision, was tV"- first man
to leave the Pullman sleeper.which was
not damaged. Struggling heroically
forward on his crutches, he immediate
ly assumed charge of the relief work.
After working until nearly exhausted.
Dr. Bell gave way only when the
phycicians arrived from Topeka with
medicine and instruments. Speaking
of the relief work. Dr. Bell said: .
HERO OF THE WRECK.
"The engineer of the passenger train
had orders to wait at Willard for the
special stock train. He passed on, mis
taking a freight train on the eidlng
at that station for the extra stock
train. This caused the wreck. No
body else is to blame, so far as our In
formation goes."
A formal inquest was held at the
wreck to-day by Coroner Dolley of
Wabaunsee County. The investigation
will be continued to-morrow. Until a
verdict placing the blame i3 returned
no action will be taken against the
trainmen.
The single word "carelessness" will
sum up the reason for the . disaster.
Instructed to meet a special freieht at
Willard', the engineer and conductor
of the passenger train, .noting that a
freight train stood on the sidetrack at
Willard, rushed through, believing
that the cars they had seen were those
which they had been instructed to
pass. Failure to scrutinize the num
ber of the engine was directly respon
sible for the wreck. Had .the engineer
compared the number of the train at
Willard with his orders the catas
trophe would have be«iti prevented.
Upon seeing at Willard a freight
train on the siding, Engineer Benja
min threw open the throttle and under
the impetus of full steam the passen
ger train leaped out into the darkness
and crashed along at a rate which the
passengers declare to have been fully
sixty-five miles an hour. General Su
perintendent Gruber of the Rock
Island made this statement:
JAMES GRIFFIN, Claremont, Mo.
T. T. MYER. Buffalo. N. Y.
RAMON MARTIN, Chillicothe, Mo.
W. S. MARTIN, St. Joseph, Mo.
E. RANK INS, De Kalb, Mo.
WILLIAM J. WELLS, Jacksonville,
HI.
MRS. MARY KAISER, Russian, ad
dress unknown.
GALE FULLER, aged 7, Brockton,
Iowa.
GRACE REED. Chillicothe, Mo.
LENORA.REED, Chillicothe, Mo.
Unidentified boy, aged 8.
ENGINEER IS TO BLAME.
MRS. W. S. MARTIN, St. Joseph. Mo.
MRS. MARY HARVILLE, Chilli
cothe, Mo.
BENJAMIN HARVILLE, son of
Mrs. Harville. aged 13.
TOT HARVILLE, daughter of Mrs.
Harville, aged 3.
MRS. SUSAN E. REED7 sister of
Mrs. Harville.
MRS. J. HILL, Greensburg, Kans.
TOPEKA, Kan;., Jan. 6.— Seventeen
persons were killed and thirty-seven
injured in the Rock Island passenger
wreck at Willard this morning. Most
of the injured are in the hospitals in
Topeka. The surgeons announce that
all will recover with the exception of
Mrs. M. A. Hill of Greensburg, Kans.
The dead; • *
SALT LAKE, Jan. 7.— For the past
week United States officers have been
searching fruitlessly for Perry Heath,
ex-First Assistant Postmaster General,
to serve upon him papers in connection
with postal frauds cases in the East.
Shortly after midnight Heath arrived
In this city from Denver. ( He denied
that he had been dodging the officials,
and said that he had not heard that
subpenas had been issued for him.
The papers will be served to-morrow.
A subpena Is in the hands of the
United States Marshal here, issued by
the Federal Court of Brooklyn, sum
moning Heath to testify in the case
of Congressman Driggs, who is under
indictment for complicity in the post
oflice frauds.
The subpena arrived here on Decem
ber 17. sent out by United States Dis
trict Attorney Young of Brooklyn. It
demanded the presence of Heath in the
Federal Court of that city to-day, when
the trial of Driggs was scheduled to
begin. Since then the United States
Marshal and his subordir ites have
been making a still hunt for Heath.
For some weeks past United States
Postal Inspectors have been actively
but quietly at work In this city and
vicinity seeking evidence in the cases
growing out of the postal scandal. It
is said that, as the statute of limita
tion has already been held to outlaw
any charges that might be brought
against Heath personally, there can be
no significance in the visit of the in
spectors and the hunt by the Mar
shal's office other than a desire on the
part of the Government to obtain
Heath's testimony in cases now pend
ing against indicted persons.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 6.— District At
torney Morgan H. Beach admitted to
night that a subpena had been issued
from this district for the appearance of
Perry S. Heath in connection with the
trial of postofflce cases of Machen and
others, which will be begun in Justice
Pritchard's court next Monday. The
subpena was issued last week and
should have reached Salt Lake about
Monday. Beach has not been advised
whether any attempts have been made
to serve the subjena or not.
Beach said he understood that a sub
pena had been issued on behalf of the
Government for Heath's presence also
in connection with the trial of former
Representative Driggs, begun in Brook
lyn to-day.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Manager Koonan. In lis evidence, de
clared that Archibald Bernard, the
elec'.riclan. -was depended upon to
operate the skylights and ventilators.
Bernard. \7ho followed Noonan, in
givir.g evidence, said he hai never been
told to look after .the skylights or
ventilators and tha* ' /i post was at
the switchboard, where he had several
hundred lights to manap'. y] <> stage
ventilator, which would probably have
saved. many lives had it been opened,
was. controlled, he declared, from the
side of the stage opposite his post of
duty.
Fifteen other witnesses who had
worked on the stage declared that they
had never received any orders from the
management as to what they should
do In case of . fire. There was never . a
fire drill In the theater, and none of the
stage hands was ever informed as to
the location or use of fire appliances
or the operation of the ventilators over
the auditorium and stage.
That theiemployes in the front of the
EVERY ONE IS CARELESS.
From figures obtained by N'oonan to
day it became evident that, almost one
In three of the people who attended
the matinee lost their lives, the per
centage being a trifle over 31 per cent.
The theater seated 1606 people and in
addition to thes« 236 had been admitted
after all seats> were sold, making a
total of 1842 people In the theater, of
whom 591 were killed.
Manager Xoonan declared that the
two balconies, including seats and peo
ple standing, held 889 people. The total
number of fatalities in the fire is to
date 591, of whom three were killed on
the first floor. This would make, ac
cording to Manager Noonan's state
ment, 588 deaths out of 889 people In
the two balconies.
Will J. Davis testified that he had
given no orders to place a fire alarm
box Mn the 'theater; that he had given
no direction to place a pump upon the
stage, beyond the fact that any ap
paratus the firemen wanted should be
provided as soon as possible. He de
clared he could not say as to whether
the building had been finally accepted
from the 1 Fuller Company or not. He
admitted that he never had given any
instructions to anybody as to what
should be done In case of fire.' He had
no knowledge as to whether the theater
had received a final certificate of In
spection from the building department
of the city before opening or not.
Po- ers gave evidence substantially
the same rs that of Davis.
Noonan declared that no person had
been named by the theater manage
ment to superintend the operation of
the ventilators in case of fire and in
consequence the flames had been per
mitted to sweep the. place Instead of
seeking a natural outlet through the
stage ceiling. It was said by Noonan
that G. M. Dusenbery, the head usher;
Archibald Bernard, chief electrician,
and the theater engineer knew how to
operate the ventilators. -It was proven
by the evidence of these men, however,
that two of the"m never went upon the
stage and that the. other had never been
tuld to assume charge of the ventilators
in case of fire. Dusenbery.declared.that
his duty as usher kept him in the front
of the house. The engineer was also
below the stage attending to his. engine
and Bernard, the only one of the three
knowing how to operate the ventilators
who Was ever upon the stage during a
performance, testified that he had never
been told to assume charge of them.
ONE-THIRD ARE KILLED.,
Noonan, who is the working manager
of the theater under direction of Davis
and Powers, admitted to-day that
eleven of the theater exits were locked
and bolted. Two Of these exits, leading
to the front of the theater on the
ground floor, w-ere locked; three addi
tional exits on the north side of the
ground floor were bolted, three exits
on -.the north side of the theater from
the first balcony were bolted and three
exits on the north side of the second
bal<?ony were bolted.
The greatest Iobs of life from the fire
was in the first and second balconies,
when; hundreds of people were suffo
cated through their inability to get
out or were trampled to death while
trying to do so. Had these three exits
in each balcony been available, accord
ing to Fulkerson, the loss of life must
have been greatly diminished.
VENTILATORS NOT USED.
CHICAGO, Jan. 6.— By their own evi
dence given to-day Cefore .Monroe
Fulkerson. who is conducting the Fire
Department^ Investigation into the Iro
quois Theater horror, the proprietors of
the theater showed that a worse condi
tion of affairs existed than had hereto
fore V)een thought possible. Will J.
Davis. Harry J. Powers and Thomas K.
Noonan. active managers of the Iro
quols Theater, were examined by Ful
kerson to-day. All of them pleaded ig
norance of any precautions taken to
prevent loss of life by fin/ at ..their the
ater. They admitted their failure to
instruct employes In fighting fire -and
failure even to provide suitable appli
ances for use against the flames. Their
statements were corroborated by the
testimony of twenty employes of the
theater, none of whom had ever been
told what to do in case of fire.
ELEVEN EXITS LOCKED.
Speeding On, Meets Another
Mistakes Freight Standing on
Siding for the One He. Is
to Give Right of .Way, and,
Utah Man Is Wanted to Give
Testimony in the Trial of
Former Congressman Driggs
in Brooklyn Federal Court
WILL TO-DAY ACCEPT
SERVICE OF PAPERS
D1SOHEVS HIS ORDERS
TO STOP AT SWITCH
»
Davis find Powers Admit That
They Had N Xo Fire Drilland
That Employes Knew Noth
ing About the Ventilators
MOST OF THEATER'S
, ! EXITS WERE LOCKED
*
Ex-First Assistant Postmaster
General Sought by Officials
for a Week Before lie Puts
in Appearance at His Home
Careless Engineer of Passenger
Train Is Blamed for <lie#Fa
tal Disaster on the Rock
Island Railroad in Kansas
Evidence in Chicago Fire In
quiry Shows That Practi
cally No Precautions Were
Taken to Prevent Loss of Life
SEVENTEEN
PERISH IN
COLLISION
SUBPENAS
ARE ISSUED
FOR HEATH
Aid of Courts and Her Little j
Ones Are Returned to Her!
Sorrowing Spouse Makes Her I
Appearance on Scene, Invokes •
DETKCTIVES FINALLY
LOCATE THE FUGITIVE;
l
Michigan Husband Deserts His;
Wife and Crossing' Continent !
With His Young Children j
Secretes Himself in Oregon !
LAW GIVES
DAUGHTERS
TO MOTHER
MANAGERS'
CONFESSION
IS AMAZING
THE SAN- 'FRANCISCO. CALL, THURSDAY. JANUARY: 7. 1904.
3
ti!e!^^
Tells How He Escaped the Terrors of Many Winters
by Using Pe=ru-na.
! mr. isaac brock, born iv buncombe co. iv. c. march i. 1788. this disease. When I heard that
| His age ts 115 years, vouched for by authentic record. He says: "I attribute my fa grippe WOi epidemic Catarrh, I
< extreme age to the use of Peruna." , r% j i j
i 1_ a fc ' 1, ». ? t- , tried Peruna 1or la grippe and
j — — . ' I A short time ago. by request. Uncle , /• •»
| Born before the Un.ted States was ;¦•« $£?&%& Tstlck P cui fountf it to bejUSt the thing.
I formed. from the grave of General Andrew Jack- 7n a later letter dated January 31.
Saw 22 Presidents elected. son. which has been carried by him ever 1903. Mr. Brock writes:
Pm ru nn hnt nrofnrted him from all since. Air. Brock Is a dignified old gen- "1 am well and feeling as well as I
Pe-ru-na has protected mm from an tleman showlnK few signs O f decrepi- have /or years. The only thing that
sudden changes. tude. His family Bible is still preserved, bothers me Is my sight. If 1 could se«»
v Veteran of four wars. and it shows that the date of bis birth better I could walk all ov*r the farm and
Shod a horse when 99 years old. was written 1 16 years ago.* n would do megood. I would not b«
\ 4/.~~l,. *„..„.».*,/ tho nrin u//VA Pa Surely a few words from this remark- without Peruna. " «~
! Always conquered the grip with Pe- ab , e ol J. gentleman> who ha8 had 115 Yours truly.
j ru-na. . years of experience to draw from, would j
I Witness in a land suit at the age of be Interesting as well as profitable. A te » r/A\ //
t t W rears t lengthy biographical sketch is given of rlAJ^W U Sy lC*Cyi' t
BllieWs Peruna the greatest rimedy h&^iT^W^^iS^. Sstl^A^SS '
of the age for catarrhal diseases. | more pretentious biography of this, the For a free book on catarrh, address
I : * j oldest living man. illustrated with a The Peruna Medicine Co.. Columbus. O.
double column portrait, was given the If you do not derive prompt and satis-
ISAAC BROCK, a citizen of McLennan readers, of the Dallas Morning News, factory results from the use of Peruna
County. Texas, has lived for 115 dated December 11, 1898. and also the write at once to Dr. Hartman. civlng *
years. . Chicago Times-Herald of same date, full statement of your case and h« will
I For'rnany years he resided at Rosque This centenarian is an ardent friend of be pleased to give you his valuable ad-
! Falls, eighteen miles west or Waco, but Peruna, having used It many years. vice gratis.
! now lives with his son-in-law at Valley In speaking of his good, health and ex- Address Dr. Hartman. President of The
j Mills Texas treme old age, Mr. Brock says:. Hartman Sanitarium. Columbus. Ohio.
- .; ¦ADVERTISEMENTS.
MEN; WAKE UP
,, Is Your Back Weak?
isiiil«3Eik Have You Dra *2 in Z Pai "s?
f&i*£4HT "" v&raWKffl '"'~ f ' $ Bav* you lost ths fire *nd
lUf^lirW-- ' ; ''*' : H strength of youth? Have you
Hi - "Witt •^*'3!Hs9fr ; l; '-vlB "come and go" pains In your back
t^r.- '7HK* ¦ :^%mt and shoulders? Are you growlns
F i -- : "''iib-'!?H' ' ¦' a3* ' '¦'¦ old to ° soon ?
I S !* ; yHM^» *h& If - vo " have* th*se symptoms or
K <! /•¦ t "*#S XfflS ''-"> I an y other sign of breafcins down
Ei> ',~t%.'"'- " 'BW "¦ °' > vour nerves and vitality, you
r*i$"A'-^^P^^ w i'l find new life in Electricity as
WJy3S^r^ ¦ applied while you sleep.
i\t>l4n msigWIiii^^ -^^ way t0 usp Electricity. It pours
iMflfgJg&TM^.sr. f'HtfBgei^' * gentle stream of life Into th«
% 'T^'QHe^^^ElEjgHBr K"t weak part* continually for hours
pp^«a— JjMjKy'Mwp? every nlsht. It refreshes thi
- • Vr -¦ ¦: ss.^gKf^JSc-.-S*' nerves, expands the vital powers.
• ¦ 3S^"— * • ' enriches the circulation and makes
. .... . y. - .-• you feel bright, active and vigor-
ous in one night's use. You get stronger each day. and In a few week*
you are a- new man. stronger and younger in the fire of youth. It is grand,
this 'method. of mine, and every man who has ever used it Is praising It.
.' : " - Restores Youth to Man of 75.
:DR. •McL.AUGHLIN— I h»v« be»a wearing your Belt OS and en for th« past tew
years a* a : general tnvlsorator. and although 1 am 73 years of ajr« I must say that
under • Its ••trenrtbening Influenc* I bavi be«n able to hold my own with men much
-younger 'than I aw. It Is th« most wonderful remedy that I havt avtr used, and I
attribute my" good physical condition to Us effect. Tours tro!y.
• G. . W. SCOTT. Madlion, Tola Cooaty.
TRY IT NOW.
Don't delay trying it- Tour future happiness depends on year cheek-
ing- this- drain upon your vitality, so stop it now and you can be sura or a
-long and vigorous life, full of the joys of,.a healthy vlyor.
¦ Don't- drug. Drugs can't cure you., as you know. If, you have tried
them. My Belt cures because It increases your nerve power and vitality.
Electricity, renews the youthful strength; that cures. If you will call
I will give you a free test of what I can do. If you can't call send for my
beautiful illustrated book, telling about my method. I send it sealed, free.
v I, have 50.000 cures. Call or wrlta to-day. Send this ad.
Dr M G. McLaugtilin 906 Market st
I/ 1 :•:/. *"• V* :XTlVL-ittU£lIlIIl» AtmEUIi. Baa Fraud**
Offlc* Hours— 3 a. m. to 8 o. ra. SundajJ. 10 to I.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Means 11
QUALITY
Low Prices. it
|k SPECIAL SALE Jl
i^S^-Of desks ::ntii February ffisjl
HggSL i. All prices marked in iJgKI
ttSl plain .figures at crcat MSB
UoHerUoS
lii^SanFrancfsxfe.figp
Why don't, grocers money-
back eveVything?
Can't poor stuff; there isn't
money -nough. Schilling's Best
don't take any money to speak-Claimable . Was Robbed.
The firm of. Allison, Neff & Co.,
which for the last fourteen years has
been doing business at 222 Mission
street, is now in financial difficulties.
An attachment against the ¦ firm was
filed by Jake Rauer, but released yes
terday afternoon, after a meeting of
the creditors. The firm carried a line
of. farming implements, and the cred
itors are chiefly Eastern {people. The
liabilities are' not stated, but they are
not very great.
Hardware Firm Fails.
Woman Sentenced . to One Year.
Annie j Roberts,' who was convicted
by a jury in Judge Lawlor's- court on
Tuesday night on a charge of grand
larceny, was sentenced yesterday I to
serve one year in San Quentin. She
stole a diamond pin on September 28
from T. W. Morris, 18 "Turk street. ', '
Convicted of Grand ¦ Liareeny.
.Joseph Kloess, a sailor, was con
victed of- a charge of grand larceny
by a Jury in Judge Lawlor's court yes
terday and will besentenced'on, Jan
uary'16. On'October 16 he stole $5
from Frank Adler, also a' sailor, while
they were drinking together. -
Will Give Grand Ball.
The ,; members of ¦ the Young Men's
Hebrew .Association will give their an
nual grand ball, at.. Native Sons' Hall
to-night. All arrangements have been
made and an.'exeellent utime' is as
sured. " ... -
Will; Not Close the Theaters.
NEW YORK. Jan. 6.— The inspectors
sent out by Building Commissioner
Thompson to look into the condition of
the theaters of the city reported that
they had Inspected fifty of the sixty
two places- of amusement in New York
to-day and .had not found a single the
ater in which there were violations of
the building code of sufficient lm- i
portance to warrant closing. j
Ancient Town's Walls Are Falline.
ROME., Jan. 6.—^Portions of the
walls of the: ancient town of Spoleto
have, fallen and the historic cathedral
containing the frescoes of Fra Filing
po Lippi and his tomb is in danger
Edgar Elliott, a nine-year-old boy
residing at 172 Precita avenue, was
severely injured while trying to climb
aboard a 'moving wagon : at Folsom
street, between Third and' Fourth
yesterday. He fell and one of the
jT.ear, wheels, passed oyer h«s body
causing a fracture of the collar bone
arid almost tearing his left ear from
bis head.. He was treated at' the Cen
tral Receiving Hospital.
Crushed by a Wagon.
\ Ralph E. Rfenoehl, who was .for
merly, employed, in the law offices of
the i firm of Reed & Hankins in the
Mills building, was arrested last night
tiy Detectives . O'Dea and Mulcahy.
His, name was placed on the prison
detinue book, pending, the preferring
of a charge against him. It is alleged
that-RlenoeTil is wanted on the com
plaint of: Charles W: Reed, "one of his
former, employers, for having passed
several fictitious checks. S :—>
Alleged Forger Captured.
Frank ' Maguire narrowly escaped
conviction in Judge Cook's court yes
terday on a charge of grand larceny.
The jurors stood eleven to one for
conviction on the first ballot and ; re
mained so. They had to be discharged.
The Juror who held *out was Samuel
Crozier, 760: Hayes street. : .Maguire
and a companion. drove up in a buggy
to the postoffice sub-station kept by
Miss Philomena Nolan at Eighteenth
and Dolores streets on December 19
and one entered the place and said the
man ; in the buggy wanted . some
stamps. -While she went put with the
stamps a bag containing $51 50 in coin
and some stamps was stolen. , ¦ There
are . other similar charges against \ Ma
guire. ..'.'¦'¦ ' . N '"'.'. -..
One Juror Holds Out.
An : interesting missionary .address
was del'vered at St. . Luke's • Church
lastnisrht. by the Rev. Dr. Pott, presi
dent of St. John's College, Shanghai.
Dr. Pott told of. the work being done
in the Orient and of the great field
open for future endeavor. 'Dr. Pott,
having been in the Chinese miss'on
field himself for many years. was able
to relate many incidents and personal
experiences, which, greatly Interested
his audience.
Missionary Sermon.
The unfortunate woman was seen sit
ting in the window of her room at 8:3a
o'clock to-night and twenty minutes
later her dead body was found on the
bed. There was no struggle and the
woman no outcry, or persona liv
ing in the next room would have heard
it.- After killing the woman the mur
derer ransacked the drawers in the
bureau and a fine gold watch and chain
are missing.
SEATTLE. Wash., Jan. 6.—Geor
gette Flynn, better known as "Nug
get," was murdered in her room to
night in a cheap lodging-house. The
left side of the woman's head was
crushed with some blunt instrument
believed to be the butt end of a re
volver, and she was stabbed seven
times in the neck with a stiletto. The
blow on the head would have killed her
.without ths knife. wounds.
MURDERER KILLS WOMAN.
WITH BLUNT INSTRUMENT
John Horner. a butcher, residing at
the Branch. House, died at the City
and County Hospital yesterday; morn
ing from mercurial poisoning. He
had been using white precipitate of
mercury as a liniment for a horse
and kept It on the same, shelf on
which was a package of cream of tar
tar, which he had been taking as a
medicine. Qn Novemher<26 he mis
took the poison for the cream of tar
tar and. swallowed a fatal quantity be
fore discovering his mistake. He went
to the City and County Hospital at
once, but lingered until 6 o'clock yes
terday morning.
Swallows Wliite Precipitate of Mer
cury When He Intended to Take ;
Cream of Tartar.
JACKSON, Miss., Jan. 6.--The State
Senate to-day by a vote of 31 to 1 in
structed the Mississippi Senators to
vote for the Panama canal treaty.
.Mississippi Favors Canal Treaty.
BUTCHER JOHN HORNER
POISONED BY MISTAKE
Robert Heavyside, a carpenter, re-
Hiding'at 10 Ash avenue, was struck
by a Turk -street car between Hyde
and Leavenworth streets last night
and seriously injured. Heavyside was
crossing the track, and owing to his
being a little deaf did riot hear the ap
proaching car, He. was removed -to
the Emergency Hospital. He was bad
ly injured about the .. head and may
have a fractured skull: O. Orchard,
the motorman. ,was arrested, and. . re
leased on bail.
Jlit by Car.
The fire in the glass works did about
SI 000 worth of damage, the loss being
fully covered -by insurance.
r The buggy was not missed until
after the fire was out, when the Chief
went to drive back to the flrehouse.
Captain -Spillane was at once notified
End he detailed several men to look
lor the missing vehicle. After a long
search the horse and buggy were
found tied to a pole at the corner of
First and Folsom streets. A monkey
wrench, a pair of pliers, an operator's
cap and the Chief's rubber boots had
been stolen. No clew to the identity
of the thief was discovered.
While Chief Sullivan was directing
his firemen in fighting a blaze in the
establishment of the California Art
Glass Works at 120 Minna street at
about 7 o'clock last, night, his horse
and buggy were stolen.
Darine Thief Drives Away : With the
Riff Durfnz a Blaze on
Minna Street.
Burglars Rob a. SausaUto , Residence.
SAUSALITO, Jan. S.— The . residence
of F. Stevens in this city was robbed
early this morning by burglars- who
entered through a back "window and
carried oft .a revolver and a diamond
pin valued at $250. ". -^
Thomas Davis, the waiter accused
of assaulting Mrs. A. H. Ames on
b,oard. the steamer. Alliance on Octo
ber 16, was brought before United
States' Court Commissioner Heacock
yesterday for identification. . January
18, at 10 a. m., was set as the date for
the examination, and Davis* bonds
were fixed at $5000. A petition ¦ for
a writ of habeas corpus on behalf of
Howard Laws, the principal -witness
for the prosecution, was filed in * the
United States District Court yesterday
afternoon. He has been confined as a
witness for the Government since No
vember 9. The petition will be heard
at 11 o'clock this morning. '
Imprisonment for life is the penalty
for Davis' crime. •'
Walter Davis Identified.
OAKLAND, Jan. .6. — The following
marriage licenses. were issued by the
County Clerk to-daj': Henry Waring,
26, and Frances Welflt. 33, both of
San Francisco; Frank Rose, 22, and
Lizzie Fields,. 16, both of San Leandro;
John R. Merchant, 26, and Jennie Go
mez, 24, both of Liverniore; Frederick
.T- Bulmer, 4 2. New York, and Bertha
M. Metz r .29. Berkeley; Antone C. Gar
cia, 22. and Annie D. Quarte. 19, both
of. Centerville;' William J. Davis, 28,
Michigan Bluffs, and . Jpsephine M.
Fenalon, 25, Oakland.
Marriage Licenses'.
FIRE CHIEF SULLIVAN'S
HORSE AND BUGGY STOLEN
Thievinc Brakeman Is Sent to Jail.
REDWOOD CITY. Jan. 6.— The trial
of William E. Slater, a Southern Pa
cific brakeraan, on a charge of grand
larceny for stealing 2000 cigars from a
freight train at San Jose last April,
was concluded to-day, the Jury finding
him guilty of petty larceny. Judge
Buck sentenced Slater to three months*
imprisonment. -
SAN JOSE. Jan. 6.— M. Cailo, a veg
etable gardener of this city, was bun
koed out of $530 in San Francisco a few !
days ago. A short time ago Cailo dis- i
posed of his garden near this city and ;
placed 5530 in a local bank. He met ''
two* bunko men and told them of his '
wealth, and that he intended to again \
start in business. The sharpers ad- i
vised him to buy some spurious coin, f
which, they . declared, was made of
genuine metal and impossible of detec
tion. Cailo drew his money from the
bank and went to San Francisco with '
the men. Negotiations were entered '
into and Cailo exchanged his $530 for
$1500 of seemingly good coin. The
money was counted, out in his presence
and put in a satchel for him to bring*
to this city. He was cautioned not to
open the valise until he arrived here.
When he did so in his room he found
two nicely wrapped bricks in the valise
Cailo has now removed to Redwood
City, where, he has secured employ
ment. '
BL'XKO MEN SWINDLE
A . VEGETABLE GARDENER
Special meetings were held in the
various corps headquarters. Visiting
officers led the meetings. This even
ing a special ratification will be held
in Lyric Hall. Colonel and Mrs.
George French will lead the meetings.
A big parade will be held early in the
evening. •>::;
The second day's session of the mid
winter congress of the Salvation Army
was held in the basement of the Cen
tral Methodist Episcopal Church yes
terday. The attendance was large and
great fervor .was, shown ; by the va
rious speakers.
Ensign Bamberry opened the devo
tional service, and at the conclusion of
the prayers Adjutant Bryant led the
soldiers' and holiness meetings.
Staff Captain Erickson discussed the
system in vogue on the colonv farm,
and Adjutant Plumstead discussed
"The Band of Love." The morning
session concluded with an able ad
dress by SlaJC Captain Crawford.
Luncheon was served, and in the af
ternoon addresses were delivered by
Adjutant Manhart, Adjutant Sted
man. Brigadier Wood, Major Connett
and Major Flynn.
Matters of Interest to the Organiza
tion Are Discussed and Special
Exercises Held.
SALVATION ARMY HOLDS
CONGRESS OF WORKERS
Bishop Tikhon is now in Europe to
bring to this country Bishop Innocen
tius, who will take charge of the Rus
sian church in Alsaka.
The church was beautifully . deco
rated with greens and colored lights.
An. excellent selection of • musical
numbers were rendered under the di
rection of M. Grevosky. This morn
ing at 10 o'clock mass. will be said in
the church and to-night at 7:30 ves
pers will be sung.. An excellent musi
cal programme has been arranged for
to-day. - ;
The Russians of .this city celebrated
their Christmas last jiight with fitting
services at Trinity Cathjedral of the
Holy Orthodox church on Powell
street, near Filbert. The edifice was
crowded .with a large congregation of
devout worshipers.
: Christmas : day, according to the old
calendar in use by the Russians, be
gins. January 6 at sundown and- ends
at sundown on the 7th. -.The services
last night were particularly-impres
sive. In the absence of the Right Rev,
Tikhon, Bishop of the Orthodox
church in North America, the services
were conducted by the Very Rev. Se
bastian .Dabovich, assisted by Rev.
Theodore. Pashkovsky and Rev. Peter
Popoff. ¦ . - • ¦
Fitting Services Are Held < at Trinity
Cathedral of the«IIoly Ortho- *
dox Church.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 6.— The case of
John A: Benson, the wealthy San Fran
cisco real estate operator, arrested here
several- weeks ago for alleged bribery
of Government employes in connection
with public land matters, was- called
before United States Commissioner
Taylor to-day. Assistant Attorney Gen
eral : Push, representing the Govern
ment, and former Justice Cole of the
District Supreme Court, appeared a3
Benson's counsel. The - Government 1
asked for the forfeiture of the $5000
bond given by Benson in view of. his
non-appearance to-day. The defense
resisted this contention, pointing put
that under an indictment reported by
the Grand Jury here some days ago
Benrfon was rearrested in New York
and is awaiting a hearing £here. Judge
Cole asked for time to make arguments
on this point and Commissioner Taylor
continued the case until next Saturday.
AUTHORITIES WANT
FORFEITURE OF BOND
RUSSIAN'S OF THIS CITY
OBSEI£VE THEIR CHRISTMAS
The registration of visitors of the
California • State. v Boar ; d, of Trade for
the year 1903 has been summarized by
direction of Manager Arthur R.
Briggs. This shows that there were
actually 137,000 visitors to the exhibi
tion hall of the board during the
twelve months of the year just closed,
an- average of more than' 11,000 per
month. Not all of this great throng
put their names on the registry books,
that are placed within convenient
reach, but the reliable ratio of regis
trations to visitors makes it clear that
rather more than 137,000 visitors in
spected the exhibits maintained by. the
board in the interest • of California
counties during the period mentioned.
This showing demonstrates the value of
having a permanent . exhibit in this
city of California products, as only
those who are interested in the State
will-take the time to inspect. In the
registrations every State in the Union
was represented and also about every
civilized country in the world. The
majority of .visitors from the United
States came from the Middle Western
states. -, v;.r- ';*:
Mora Than J 37.000 Visitors Are Found
to Have Viewed County Pro- :
ducts During; Year.
GREAT REGISTRATION
AT THE BOARD OF TRADE
of the Southern Pacific Co.
, LOS ANGELES, Jan. 6. — John A,
Muir. general superintendent of the
Los Angeles Railway Company and
one of the mo3t widely known railroad
men in the West and a power in
Southern California politics, is dying
to-night at his home on Manitou ave
nue. Muir has ben ill for many weeks
with kidney and bladder disease and
his physicians to-night gave up hope
of his recovery. They s»iy he cannot
live another* day. For more than thir
ty years Muir held ' responsible posi
tions in the service of the Southern
Pacific Railroad, beginning as tele
graph operator at -Rocklin in 1869,
and being , successively trainmaster,
general agent and division superin
tendent of various divisions. When H.
E. Huntington assumed control of the
Los Angeles strcret railways Muir be
came his general superintendent and
has made of the property one of the
best paying in the country.
Physiciuns Entertain Xo Hope for Ite
covcry of John Muir. Formerly
WELL-KXOWN RAILROAD MAX.
IS DYING IX 1JOS . ANjGKLJ-JS
Mrs. Sarah Shaen, mother of Jacob
Shaen, Assistants United States Ap r
praiser, died in this city yesterday.
The dead woman was 75 years of age
and well known in San Francisco,
where she had lived for many years.
She leaves a husband, a married
daughter and four sons to mourn her
death. -,
Mrs. Sarah Shnen Is Dead.
MUNICH, Jan., 6.-^KarJ Alfred von
Zitte], the' paleontologist;" president of
the Academy of . Science, is dead.
Death of Famous Scientist,
Svsident Hnrriman . Is Planning to
Avoid Kxjx'ii'-ive Construction of
Tunnel Through Mountains.
The recent statement made by E.
Harriman to the effect that consid
ation of plans for tunneling through
e Sierras for the purpose of over
mine the steep grades on both
les of Summit had been indefinitely
ferred is now followed by the an
uncement that another and cheaper
ojert for accomplishing the same
end is being carefully looked into by
the president and general manager of
Southern Pacific Company. It
- was stated at. the offices of the -rail
i road company yesterday, that there
3 has been submitted to Harriman a
plan for a third rail between Sacra
mento and Truckee, by which means
. big electric motor cars may be op
• erated on the line between the points
mentioned as an additional power for
assisting heavy trains over the steep
crades. A part of the plan is to de
velop electric power from the waters
. of the Truckee River at some eleva
| tion on that stream yet to be selected.
I It is claimed that sufficient power can
be acquired to move the heaviest
trains operated by the Southern Pa
cific on a time schedule several
' faster than the one under which traf
fic now moves over the mountain
grades and that the saving in coal
alone will be many thousands of dol
lars every month. As a substitute for
-the expensive construction of a long
tunnel it will save the Southern Pa
5 ciflc Company millions of dollars. The
plans for the electric- power system
were submitted to President Harri
mintwo -weeks ' ago ¦ ami since then
he and General Manager Kruttschnitt
have been corresponding at length re
garding the proposition. General
Manager Kruttschnitt expects to go
East in a few weeks and will then
take the matter up with President
Harriman.
MAY USE ELECTRICITY
OX THE SIERRA GRADES
NEW YORK, Jan. 6.— Sarah Cecelia
Earl, wejl known on the stage a quar
ter," of a century ago, is dead at her
home here after a long illness. Her
greatest success was in "East Lyrine."
Old Actress Passes'' Away.
NEW YORK; Jan. % 6.— Former Con
gressman 'Driggs, charged - with com
plicity in the alleged postofflce frauds;
was placed on trial to-day before Jus
tice Thomas in the United States Cir
cuit Court in Brooklyn. ..-
Former Congressman on Trinl.
Wade has been a heavy investor in
Eastern Oregon mines, it is said, and
it is stated that the 'heavy drain of
unproductive properties has occasioned
his failure. His frienda assert that his
financial troubles are only temporary
and that hi3 estate will more than cover
his indebtedness. A rumor that
"Wade's affairs were involved was cir
culated during the latter part of last
week and it caused a heavy run on the
First National, which was only stayed
by a statement by the stockholders that
Wade's affairs were entirely separate
from those of the bank. Senator An
kenny of Washington Is president of
the bank. r.-r .\'JS
PENDLETON, Or., Jan. 6.— Charles
B. Wade, for the last seven years cash
ier of the First National Bank of Pen -
dleton and one of the most prominent
men in thi3 State, to-day assigned hla
property to W. F. Matlock and T. C
Taylor for the benefit of his creditors.
It is estimated that Wade's liabilities
are between $200,000 and $250,000. al
though W. F. Matlock says he does not
believe they will exceed $150,000. Wade
has resigned his position as cashier of
the First National Bank and is at hi3
home stricken with nervous prostra
tion. . -irjr.f
Mines In Eastern Oreson Said to
Be «;«ui»e of Failure.
Heavy Investments in Vnprodnctive
C:\SIIIEK OF PEXDLiETON' -
BANIV MAKES ASSIGNMENT
•Faust." violin solo. , op. 43 <D'Allard). Miss
Estelle Git -y, pupil of Sig. R. Lajara: "Sonate."
two pianos, four hands, first and second move
ments. Op. 13 (Mass-FU-ethoven). Misses Bessie
Beaty and Gertrude Hodges; "Delight," waltz
fong (Luckstone), Miss Florence T. Walbey.
siprano. pupil of Joneph Greven: (a) "Etude."
piano solo. op. II (Cramer) <b) "•Polonaise."
piano sclo. op. S3 (Chopin). Miss Bessie Beaty;
"Serenad*-." diJo ooneertante. two' violins
<a&:dst«-ln). lllws Marie Abfille and Gladys
Couth (pupils of Professor T. D. Herzog), Mtss
E. J. Lincoln, accompanist; (a) 'Im
promptu." piano polo. op. 66 (Chopin),
(b) "Romance." piano solo. op. 45,
No. 1 (Grunfeld), Miss Maybelle Kelly;
<a> "SfrT.ade" (Sartorii. <b) "Lorelei" (Seej
lng). .San Francisco Conservatory Mandolin
Club; mandolins — Mrs. E. S. BonelM, Misses
ZInn«. Baldwin. Abkmann. Gottschalk. Krebs,
Volght and A bell; Mesvrn. Fontancll. Mehlert
and Cleopard; violins — Mi*!tes Benson •• and
Abeille; piano— C. Rogers. Piano solo. op. 64.
No. 2, "Valse" (Chopin). Miss Gertrude
Hedges. Voca! tolo, "Adelaide" (Beethoven),
Mise Zita Fahey. mezzo soprano (pupil * Mr.
Greven). Piano solo. "Spring Song 1 ' (Men
delsohn). Miss Grace LJtzius. VJolin solo,
"Hungarian Dane*" (Haescli). Julius Gold
smith (pupil Professor Herzoc); Mrs. A " W '
Ardlnjr, accompanist. Piano solo, ""March Mil
italre" (Schubert-Liszt). Miss Cordelia Burns.
Vocal solo. "If Thou Didst Love Me" (Denza),
Mr?. Jamw Collins, contralto (pupil Mr Gre
vcn). Cornet solo, polka. (Casey), Miss Grace
(ran e (pupil Professor C. Von der Mehden);
C. Rogers, accompanist. •
. "Chumr." a farce in one act— Characters:
Mr. Breed, Victor Ferran; Harry Breed, his
eon. W. F. Cody; Tom Burnham. F. W Hill-
J"*?!. 1 ri2 ra Stron *. M »". Breni'8 niece. Miss
Isabel Etovi,,; Mrg . Breed. Miss Lillian Went
worth. Scene — Mr. Reed's house.
"Sicllletta"' <F. ven Blon). San Francisco Con
servatory Ensomtle Club (T. D. Herzog, con
ductor); piano. Mrs. A. W. Arding; violins —
Marie Abeille, Gladys Couth. N\ Klnnell, A.
Thiel. J. Goldsmith. A. Valentine. G. Garris
sere. J. ZeeHer: cello and basso — C. Herrick,
A. \V. ArdiriK, Frank Lynch and Joseph Lynch;
viola, N. Harrison. '•Tarantelle." piano solo,
oi». 85. Xo. 2 iHeller). Miss Rita Lubolski;
An excellent programme of vocal
and instrumental music was rendered
by members of the San Francisco Con
servatory of Music last night. Among
those who did particularly good work
was Mrs. James Collins, contralto.
This was her first public appearance
and all who heard her were charmed
by the richness of her voice. The con
cert closed with the one-act farce,
"Chums." The programme in full was
as follows:
<a) •Laughinr Watfr" (F. \V. Hager). <b>
iinri Show Marked Talent In Con
cert at Alhambra.
Pupils of Conservatory Display Ability
IiARGIE AUDIENCE HEARS
SOME EXCELLENT MUSIC
Death of a Well Known Contractor.
SACRAMKXTO, Jan. 6.— George
Murray, an old and prominent citizen
of Sacramento, who filled the office of
Superintendent pf Streets for many
years, died this forenoon at his resi
dence. He was engaged here for a
number of years in the contracting
and building business and 'erected
some of the largest buildings in this
city. ;-; • - ... ¦ r.* ,
- • ALAMEDA, Jan., ; 6.^ — Peter v -HV
Smith of the postofflce staff of car
riers; and one of the best known and
popular men in the local service," died
this evening at the Alameda/Sanita
rium from tuberculosis of the lungs.
He was a -past president of - Alameda
Parlor, Native Sons of the Golden
West. Deceased Is survived by a wife
and young child. ' ¦
Alameda^ Mail Carrier Dies.
Lieutenant M. A. W. Schockley, who
is en route" to Manila and awaiting the
sailing of the Sherman on February 1,
reported at the Presidio yesterday and
was assigned to temporary duty at the
post hospital. <
The great guns at Fort Baker were
in action yesterday morning and shook
the buildings and' rattled the windows
at the Presidio in a very lively fashion.
The slasher of Mrs. Carney has not
been identified yet, although 'Detective
Reynolds was at the post all the after
noc-n yesterday trying to get. him lo-'
cated. He had the full assistance of
the officers of the post, but he 'was
handicapped by the apparent apathy
of the principals and the witnesses of
the scrap to give him any help in the
matter.
The squadron of Ninth Cavalry sta
tioned at the Presidio passed in re
view yesterday morning before their
new commander, Major John Bigelow
Jr. It was the first time . % the. entire
squadron had been called out together
since it returned here from its six
months' sojouKn in Yosemite^ Valley.
The exercises, which began at 8:30
a. m., consisted of the. usual ceremo
nies of review, according to drill regu
lations. The squadron was in fine
shape, and the different.. troops— I, K,
L and M— acquitted themselves in a
satisfactory manner. At the clcrse of
the inspection as they dashed around"
the drill grounds at full gallop, with
sabers drawn and the bright guidons
floating to the breeze, they presented
a brilliant appearance.
Following the review Major Bigelow
made a full inspection of the troops,
which were in dress uniform; At the
close of the inspection the buglers
sounded the officers' call, and the new
commander made a sliort address to
the captains of the different troops, and
at 10:30 the recall was sounded and
the squadron left the field for the sta
bles. J . . -'- . "-. '
the Presidio.
Major Bigelow Holds First Inspection
¦ of Squadron Now Stationed "at
CAVALKY MAKES SPLENDID- .
SHOWING DURING REVIEW
;. SALINAS, Jan. 6.— Charles T. Ro
riiie, a "prominent citizen of Monterey
County, was found dead'in his room
at- the. Abbott House this /aitef'riobn.'
Apoplexy is supposed to have caused
his I sudden' death. . Romie * s . waslr 66
years: of. age: and had resided at Sole
dad since 1875. He was an ex-Super
visor a^ director of the Monterey
County Bank and a member of many
beneficial societies. It is believed lhat
his estate, which is valued at afiout
$300,000; will go to. his brother, Paul
T. Romie, and his sister, Mr3. Mary C.
Jacks, wife of David Jacks, the Mon
terey millionaire. . / ¦:. ¦•'•.. ••-..
Soledad Loses a Prominent Citizen.
Policeman J. B. Hurd and Special
Officer Smith were called, and they hur
ried to the lodcing-house and placed
Drew under arrest. He was taken to
the City Prison and two charges of
burglary were placed against him.
When Drew was searched at the City
Prison a leather card case engraved
"A. B. A., San Francisco, 1903," was
found in his pocket. Inside was a
pawn ticket for a fur cape with the
signature "Grace Austin," and the date
August 21, 1903. The police suspect that
Drew stole the fur cape and they want
the owner to make herself known.
The police say Drew is known among
pickpockets as "Mickey O'Dea." For
some months he has been lame from
rheumatism, and not being able to run
after picking a pocket he has devoted
his attention to stealing from rooms in
lodging-houses. He has been arrested
numerous times, but has always es
caped conviction.
Wooster became suspicious and,
jumping out of bed, followed his visitor
downstairs. Drew warned him not to
follow, and, dropping his booty, struck
Wooster a blow on the head with his
fist. Wooster clinched with him and
being the stronger of the two soon had
Drew on his back on the floor.
Frank Dre»\ a well known pickpockr
et, visited the lodging-house of Mrs.
Loring at 219A Mason street about 4
o'clock yesterday morning and entered
the room of Walter Lorir^g. He lit the
gas and helped himself to an overcoat,
a sack coat and vest, a pair erf scis
sors, a knife, a pair of spectacles and
$1 10 In silver. Loring awoke, and
Drew turned out the gas,- remarking.
"It's time for you to get up," so as to
allay suspicipn.
After leaving Loring's room. Drew
upened a trunk belonging to Miss Jo
sephine Hayes. It was in the hallway,
and the burslar stole a pair of gloves,
a pin cushion and two handkerchiefs.
He then entered the room of George
Wooster, and after he had collected a
bundle of clothing, a knife and memo
randum book Wooster awoke. Wooster
asked him what he wanted, an# Drew,
turning out the light, said, "It's time
for you to get up."
After inditing a farewell note to
his parents. George Godfrey of 2S2
Sagamore street. Ocean View, placed
a pistol to his head in the presence of
his wife and daughter and, after they
had run from the room, sent a bullet
crashing into his brain.
Godfrey returned home early last
evening under the influence of liquor
and entered the front room of his
house. His wife and daughter, Etta,
were in the apartment and, whipping
out the revolver, he placed the muzzle
to his head. The' terrified wife and
daughter ran screaming from the room
to the rear yard. In a moment there
was a report and, after summoning an
officer, they again entered the house.
Godfrey was found lying dead on the
floor in a pool of blood. The Coroner
was notified, but the body was not re
moved to the Morgue.: Godfrey's par
ents reside in South San Francisco.
The note assigns despondency as the
reason for his act.
A. E. H. Cramer, cashier of the Union
Savings Bank of Oakland, where Mc-
Kowen deposited the check and had
four drafts issued against it and pay
able to himself, identified the paper.
Shelby F. Martin, paying teller of the j
bank, identified tlfe drafts, as also did I
Leo R. Wefll, loan teller of the bank.
, A. W. Naylor, president of the First
National Bank of Berkeley, produced a !
deposit tag for $3515, which showed that '
McKowen had deposited to hi3 own |
account a draft on the Crocker-Wool
worth Bank in that amount, and fur
ther record of the bank proved that the
embezzling secretary had checked
against this deposit .to his own account. ;
This draft was one of those McKowen
had issued to him by the Union Sav
ings Bank against the Hearst check.
-Victor H. Henderson, private secre
tary,, to President Wheeler of the uni
versity and acting secretary of the
Board of Regents, gave eviderfce con
cerning the demand made upon Mc-
Kowen to repay $3515. President Wheel
er testified that -the department of
anthropology was supported, solely by
the contributions from Mrs. Hearst and
that Its funds were under the control
of the Board of Regents. Expert Nor
man McLaren's testimony was that
McKowen had said he was unable to
meet the demand for the return of the I
money. John A. Britton, a member of!
the regents', finance . committee, testl- I
fled that McKowen had confessed to :
the embezzlement of the specific:
amount Involved. • ; '
The work of ¦ the experts on Me- '
Kowen's. books is near 'Completion.
They expect to be ready with a report
on the total shortage for the Board of:
Regents at its meeting Tuesday in San i
Francisco. It Is said the amount of de- f
falcation uncovered to date Is $55 000 1
District Attorney Allen will flle an >
information against McKowen within :
thirty days. His arraignment will be ;
set as soon as the case Is calendared'
in the criminal trial department of '•
the Superior Court.
DRAFTS IDENTIFIED.
District Attorney J.' J. Allen and
Charles E. Snook, attorney for the
Board of Regents, 'conducted the ex
amination of the prosecution's wit
nesses. The case hinges upon the spe
cific accusation of the embezzlement of
$3515 from the funds of the anthro
pological department of the university,
the amount being a portion of the
money contributed to the support of
that branch by Mrs. Phebe A. Hearst.
Testimony covering the manipula
tions by McKowen "of a check for
$6522 90 sent to the secretary by Rich
ard A. Clark, agent for the Hearst
estate, after McKowen had in May last
notified Clark that the amount was re
quired as balance due the anthropo
logical fund, was Introduced. Copies of
McKowen's letter, the check itself and
McKowen's acknowledgment of the re
ceipt of the check were placed in evi
dence. " .
CHECK MANIPULATION.
No testimony was offered in behalf
of McKowen, nor was there any cross
examination of the witnesses for the
State by Attorney H. M. Wright, who
appeared for. McKowen.
That McKowen will plead guilty to
the charge of embezzlement when he
shall have been arraigned in the Su
perior Court is certain, It will then be
a case for the presentation of such a
statement at the defaulting secretary's
representative deems best as an argu
ment in favor of mitigation of punish
ment.
W. A. McKowen, self-confessed em
bezzler of funds of the University of
California, which were stolen while he
was secretary of the Board of Regents,
was to-day held to , ar.3wer in $20,000
for trial in the" Superior Court after a
wholly formal preliminary 'examination
before Justice of the Peace James G.
Quinn.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
• 1118- Broadway, Jan. 6.
The funeral of Madame Paget will be
held at 10::30 o'clock to-morrow from
the late residence, 2727 Dwlght way.
The service will be conducted by the
Rev. Joseph Worcester of the Swenden
borgian Church of San Francisco, the
lifelong friend of the famllv. The pall
bearers . will be Professor William
Carey Jones, Louis de F. Bartlett,
Frank M. Wilson and J. S. Bunnell.
Neither Professor nor Madame
Paget ever spoke about their affairs,
and even their intimate friends knew
nothing of the debt on the family
estate in France, destroyed during the
Franco-Prussian War, which both
obligated themselves "to pay. She was
the business manager of the house
hold. He loved only his books and did
not want the annoyance attendant on
business affairs, and but for her watch
ful eye the Paget estate would be much
more reduced than it appears to be.
During the years Professor and
Madame Paget taught the languages
in San Francisco they were very suc
cessful. Professor Paget, though al
most always uncommunicative about
his own affairs, one day told Professor
Spinello that his wife often earned $250
a month by giving lessons in French
and.ln.musie. This money, or rather
the most of it, went to pay the debt on
the estate in. France. ..—
nnated to be worth 512,000.
.It would take all of this $12,000 to
found the : scholarship' provided in
Madame Pdget's will alone. The inter
est on that sum would bring' only
about $480 annually to pay the scholar
ship. But out of this $12,000 there must
be paid the debts and mortgages on
the estate, which include doctor's bills
and the like, so that, after all, it does
not look as if there would be much
left to pay such bequests as the
¦scholarship, the sum of $300 to Mrs.
Harley Leete, $500 to the Rev. Joseph
Worcester and several other amounts.
3 "I do not believe the executor will be
able, to do all that Madame Paget re
quested in her will," said Professor
Marius Splnello, the Pagets* most in
timate friend. -"I know the estate is
heavily incumbered and, after all the
debts are paid, there will be little left.
Professor Paget told me just before
his death that he hoped he would die
before his wife, as he would not leave
an estate large enough to support her
in^her infirmity.
"Madame Paget's death was due a
good deal to the hard work attending
the nursing of her husband, to whom
she was devoted. She confided in me
that she was unable to afford the ex
pense lof a nurse and wore herself out
attending to him."
The estate consists' principally of
three houses and realty, all more or
less mortgaged. There are two houses
on Haste street, the family residence on
Dwight* way, arid some real estate in
Oakland.' These, together with a small
amount of personal property, *are esti-
'.Some doubt is felt among the friends
of the" late v Professor and Madame
,Paget as to .whether enough of their
estate remains to ' pay the bequests
made, by Madame Paget in her will.
Investigation discloses that the estate
is heavily incumbered by debts, which
accrned mainly during the long illness
of Professor Paget, and unless there Is
some property that their friends knew
;riothing about there "-will hardly be
enough to settle the prdinary obliga
tions. ':
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center street, Jan. 6.
ST LOUIS. Jan. 6.-The action of the
California Methodist Episcopal Con
ference in suspending Rev. J. D. Ham
mond of San Francisco for one year
because of mismanagement of churcn.
funds was adjudged proper by the
judiciary committee of appeals to-day
bv a votp of 10/to 9 .
No crime of conduct or character was
charged, the actfon against the min
ister being based on his business Judg-
m The vote was, by secret ballot and
the result was announced to Hammona
by Bishop Fitzgerald. Hammond said
little beyond.that he was gratified that
nine out of the nineteen members oC
the committee had voted in his favor.
He then returned to his hotel and did
not attend the memorial service of K ev -
Dr. J. N. Beard, where he was expected
to speak. _
The memorial services of Dr. Beard,
who came here to represent the church
in the trial and who died suddenly on
Monday. to"bk place in the Union Meth
odist Episcopal Church. Bishop Fitz
gerald and Dr. Bane of San Francisco
delivered addresses.
After the sarvice the body was sent
to San Francisco, accompanied by Rev.
Dr. Bane.
Arthur Gardner, the .12-year-old .son
of L. M. Gardner,'an.architect ; residing
at 1428 Laguna street,- was crushed; by
an el<v.ator yesterday afternoon, at 3
o'clock and received injuries /from
which he .died at the. McNutt Hospital
several hours later. ' /¦'¦•-. •<"
At the time of the accident" the-un
fortunate lad was running an- electric
elevator in the new building . at the
ctrner of Polk and Post streets, of
which his father was the architect 'and
part owner. The elevator had 4 . orjly
been in operation for two days,' and the
doors on the ; various floors had not
been put in place. VIn some manner the
lad was caught between the elevator
and the second floor and terribly
crushed. He died at the hospital with
out regaining consciousness.
Lad Falls and Is Caught
'Between tlie Platform and
One of the Floors of StrucTure
Follows the Midnight Maraud
er and After a Fight Holds
ilin Till the Police Arrive
His Wife and Daughter Run
Screaming. From the Room
When He Draws His Pistol
$ m —
Testimony of Formal Charac
ter Is Taken to Sustain the
Accusation of Embezzlement
Clergyman Is -Charged With
thcMismanagementof Church
Funds in the Book Concern
Simple Services Will Mark
Funeral of Woman Revered
"by People of //California
RESULT OF DESPONDENCY
ONE GETS SUSPICIOUS
VOTE STANDS TEN TO NINE
LITTLE TO PAY BEQUESTS
DIES AT McNUTT HOSPITAL
HELD IN HEAVY BONDS
Long 1 - Illness and- Many • Years
Reduce the* Amount of Their
Worldly Goods to, a Pittance
Ocean View Resident Fires
a Bullet Into His Brain
in the Presence of Family
Young :\ Arthur Gardner Is
Crushed and Fatally In
jured in a New Building:
No Defense Is Made Nor Wit
nesses Questioned for the
Defaulter at Examination
Two Victims, of Frank Drew-
Are Awakened, and He Tells
Them It Is Time to Get Up
LOS ANGELES. Jan. 6.— Rev. John
Stafford, D. D., presiding elder of the
Pasadena district ' of the Methodist
Episcopal church, died to-day at the
California Hospital. He came to Cal
ifornia two years ago from Minnesota,
where he was for many years one of
the leaders in the work of the Metho
dist church. Rev. Dr. Stafford came
here hoping that the change would
benefit his health and immediately
upon his arrival assumed the pastorate
of the Central M. E. Church. At the
last session of the Southern California
Conference he was appointed presiding
elder, of the new Pasadena district, iand
Tiad since 'divided his time .between his
duties there and to the interests of the
University* of Southern California,* a
Methodist institution. .His death was
due to complicationsfollpwing an uicer
ation of the throat. ., -The. remains will
probably be sent back to Minnesota for
burial.' - • . . . •
Committee Sustains the Action
of the Methodist Conference
in Suspending: a 3Iinister
PAGET ESTATE
DWINDLES AWAY
CROOK TRIPS
CLEVER RUSE
M'KOWEN WILL
PLEAD GUILTY
GEORGE CODFREY
KILLS HIMSELF
HAMMOND GETS
LITTLE CHEER
PASSES AWAY
IN THE SOUTH
MEETS DEATH
IN ELEVATOR
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 7, ; 1904.
.rVThe ¦trial of Mrs.- Martha .E; Bow
, ers, -;¦ charged wi th the ,. mu rder : of . her
husband, Martin L.. , Bowers, was' to
have commenced" before a -jury ; in
Judge CJpok's; court yesterday, ,-but; was
continued.- till, this 1 , morning. \" She- is
accused of -poisoning ¦ him with ar
senic. ' '
Mrs. Bowers'. Trial to Begin:
Giovanni Fossi and Francisco Rpssi,
who surrendered themselves to the po
lice on Tuesday, were booked at the
City Prison yesterday on a charge of
murder. They are accused of caus
ing the death of Vincenzo Laganlno
by throwing him downstairs at their
home on Franklin street on the night
of June 2. ~ :
Tliey Face Murder Charge.
: The next meeting" will be "held on
Wednesday, evening, "January' 13/ at
8 o'clock, at 830' Howard 5 street' * " v
A number of Job printers who are
not' members of the typothetae" met
last night at 73 Fourth .street. The
object was tor form an organization
.which would include all the small,"of
fices. So far about fifty printers have
associated themselves with .the :un
dertaking/ The following temporary
committee on permanenfofgarilzation
was' appointed: ; K C. Cummings, "G.
Xj. Reese and F. E;i Greene The com
mittee - on i price list was increased k by
adding the names of P. R. Glissman,
manager for Edward S. Knowles, and
G. H. McCullum. • i: ¦?
Printers Want : to Organize.
I H. Abbott,, ,whoi says he is- stopping
at the,. Grand Hotel, was taken to the
Emergency.: Hospital iast ; night with a
Sadly* lacerated ' Head* and- face. ' '¦ Ab
bott claims- to have , been <¦: knocked
down and robbed of. ¦$&$ a l man
and a boy. He gives his occupation, as
a^ civil engineer. Inquiry atthe hotel
failed to '.verify^ the, -statement of Ab
bott that -he was stopping: there./ *-";»
4
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS*
DAKBBUrr CAU3ED BT A OE2M.
A Wew Discovery Tna* JUUa the derm
and Prevents Baldness. '
. Pretty nearly air the hair preparations
for dandruff have tSPtne merit in allaying
itching of the scalp, and In beinc a fair-
ly good dressing for the hair, but there
is only one that recognizes what causes
dandruff, falling hair and baldness and
that destroys the cause, a little germ—
and. that Is Neivbro's Herpicide. This
Kerm eatS its way Into the scalp, it digs
up the scalp into little white scales. Un-
less it is destroyed there's no permanent
stopping of falling hair and" cure of dan-
druff and baldness. Newbro's Herpicide
kills the germ. "Destroy the cause you
remove the effect." Sold by leading dru K -
gists. Send 10c in otamps for sample te
The Herpieide Co., Detroit. Mich.
PIVOT TEETH
Inserted on broken-down roots
restoring- the natural expression
to the face. Gold porcelain
crowns made for cost of material
Weekdays, 9 to 9 ; Sundays!
9 to i. * *
Post-Graduate Dental College,
San rrancisco-3 Ta^or Street.
¦ , OaMand-973 Washington street.
-. Ban Jo.e--! a Eat Santa Clara Strw*.
Sacxaaieato-407H J Street.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
soap brings health
and the color of
health to many a
sallow skin;Dcn.smi;ir Will Case -Moves Slowly.
VICTORIA. B. C, Jan. 6.— Dr. A. S.
Thome of Sar. Francisco was on the
stand this afternoon In the Hopper-
Dunsmuir wiil case. He testified that
he charged $2000 for attending Mrs.
Dunsmuir in May and June, 1901. He
denied that Mrs* Dunsmuir had sug
gested to him that Alexander Duns
mulr's mind was impaired. Dr. E. R.
Sill of Oakland testified to having at
tended Dur.smuir when Dunsmuir was
suffering from drinking bouts. He said
there was never anything wrong with
Dunsmuir's mind, and Mrs. Dunsmuir
had never suggested there was.
Students to Go Into Snrvcvins Camp.
SANTA CRUZ. Jan. 6.— Edward N.
Prouty, assistant professor of railroad
engineering, and Conrad Loring. in
structor in civil engineering in the Uni
versity of California, have arrived from
Berkeley to, make preparations* for the
establishment of a camp for Berkeley
students to study surveying. They
spent tti> entire day yesterday along
the coast interviewing ranchers and
getting permission to run over their
land. They afe desirous of getting all
kinds of lands in order to better study
the different angles, . thus giving the
students a chance to apply their learn
ing to practical experience. There will
be from one hundred to one hundred
and fifty students In camp, which will
be opened for the month of May.
Cold Weather In the Salinas Volley.
SALINAS, Jan. 6.— Reports from va
rious portions of the Salinas Valley
are to the effect that eitreme cold
weather is prevalent. In Salinas this
morning the thermometers- registered
27 degrees above zero and Ice more than
a Quarter of, an inch thicK had formed
during the night. Farmers are becom
ing anxious and alarmed over the con
tinued dry weather and fear serious
results if rain does not soon come.' ¦,
cisco, Street Railway Employee No.
205. '
State Organizer of A. F. K, Jamas
A. Gray of Los Angeles Carpenters No.
426. -¦¦:¦*¦ ¦-. aSBOSSBB^uff^
First Vice President, Thomas Galla
gher of San Francisco ¦ Teamsters*
Union. _.
Secretary-Treasurer, G. B. Benham.
San Francisco, president of Labor
Council.
"On the morning of December 17,
between 10:30 and noon, four flights
were made, two by Orville Wright and
two by Wilbur Wright. The starts were
all made from a point on the level near
our camp in Dare County, North Caro
lina. The wind at the time of the
flights had a velocity of twenty-seven
miles an hour. The flight was made di
rectly against the wind. Each time the
machine started froYn the level ground
by its own power, with no assistance
from gravity or other sources what
ever. After a run of about eight inches
on the ground it arose from the track,
and under the direction of the operator
climbed upward on an inclined course
till a height eight or ten, feet from the
ground was reached, after which the
course was kept as near horizontal as
the wind gusts and the limited skill of
the operator would permit. The flyer
made its way forward with a speed of
ten miles an hour over the ground and
of thirty to thirty-five miles an hour
through the air. The flight was short.
"The succeeding flights rapidly in
creased in length, and at the fourth
trial a flight of fifty-nine seconds was
made, in which the machine flew a lit
tle more than a. half mile through the
air and a distance of more than 852
feet over the ground. All of the ex
periments have been conducted at our
own expense, without assistance from
any individual or institution."
DAYTON. Ohio, Jan. 6.— The Wright
brothers, inventors of the flying machine
which has attracted such widespread
attention, have prepared the following,
which they say is the first correct
statement of the two successful trials
made by them:
WASHINGTON, Jan. 6.— Reports of
great destitution and threatened star
vation among the inhabitants of Fair
banks, Alaska, having reached the Wai-
Department through a communication
of the Mayor of that place, addressed
to Senator Nelson, General Funston,
commanding the Department of the
Columbia, was directed to make an in
vestigation and to take such steps as
would conserve the public peace while
affording relief. The Mayor specially
requested that staple supplies be not
given, but sold, to thes= people from
supplies on hand at Fort Gibbons.
V/hile General Funston was. carrying
out these instructions Captain Smith,
stationed at Fort Egbert, Alaska,
wired the department thai he had re
ceived information from Lieutenant
Llckard, who was at Fairbanks as lat«
as December 2?, that he neither saw
nor heard of any famine: that there
has been a shortage of supplies, oc
casioned by an early freeze, but that
freighting /had been going on steadily
and that game seemed plentiful.
Under date of the 4th instant Gen
eral Funston telegraphed the "War De
partment that he" had instituted inquiry
cj3 to how many rations could be
spared, but suggested that able-bodied
men who would sit down at Fairbanks
and ' wait Government relief are en
titled to little- consideration, since with
in ten days they can reach Dawson,
Rampart, Tanana or Eaele, where there
are abundant supplies for sale.
People of Fail-banks, Alaska,
Make an Unnecessary Call on
the Government for Relief
SAN BERNARDINO, Jan. 6.— Two of
San Bernardino's most favored young
people stole a march on their relatives
and friends last evening and were
united in marriage in Los Angeles. The
bride was Miss Frances E. Perdew, a
daughter of Mrs. Jeanette Perdew, and
the groom Is Francis E. Gazzolo, th-»
second son of Mr. and Mrs. P. D. Gaz
zolo. The bride's mother recently re
moved to Fresno and it was presum
ably for that city that iliss Perdew left
yesterday afternoon. Gaszolo acqom
panying her as far as Los Angeles. IShe
had been the guest of Miss Minnie Gaz
zolo for several weeks at • the Gazzolo
residence on C street and her mother
was expecting her at her northern home
to-day, but the young couple evidently
could not bear the thought of separa
tion and chose their own method of
preventing it. The wedding took place
last evening in the parsonage of the
church of New Jerusalem at Los Ange
les. The relatives of the young couple
received telegrams this morning telling
the news and letters are on the way.
Gazzolo and his bride left this morning
by steamer for Portland, where they
will make their home. Tlie groom, who
has been studying medicine, has se
cured the position of assistant surgeon
in one of the Portland hospitals.
Two Favorites in San Bernardino So
ciety Quietly Marry at Los Angeles
and Thrn Sail for Oregon.
YOUNG COUPLE STEAL MARCH
ON RELATIVES AND FRIENDS
Inventor of Flying: Machine
Gives Detailed Account of
the First Few Trial Trips
CRY OF FAMINE
UNWARRANTED
SATS AIRSHIP
IS A SUCCESS
Breakfast was served, the table being
decorated in white. Later -Mr. and
Mrs. Duffiield left for New York, where
the former Is engaged in the publishing
business, and where they will make
their home.
Mr. BufP.eld js a nephew of Justice
Brown. This marriage, uniting two of
the Supreme Court families was attend
ed by all tho members of that circle as
well as members of distinguished per
sons in official life.
Two brothers of the groom, Messrs.
Kenneth and Davie DufflJeld of Detroit,
were groomsmen, and Edgar Mills of
New York, a Harvard chum of the
groom, acted as best man.
President and Mrs. Roosevelt were
present.
The bridal scene had for its setting
a window recess of the front drawing
room, which was decorated with an
arch of green end a splendid scheme
of wedding bells with white lovers'
knot and a profusion of white blossoms.
The handsome bride, who is tall and
very engaging in manner, wore white
satin, elaborately trimmed with point
lace, a tulle veil gracefully arranged
and a coronet of orange blossoms.- Her
sisters. Misses Mary and Hildcgarde
McKenna, were bridesmaids. /They
wore white lace growr.s. over satin and
carried bridesmaid roses.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET,
N. W. WASHINGTON, Jan. 6.— Mis3
Isabelle McKenna, eldest daughter of
Associate Justice and Mrs. McKenna,
and Pitts Duffield of Xew York, son of
General and Mrs. Henry DuffiieM of
Detroit, were married to-day at noon
at the family residence in the presence
of two hundred friends. Rev Father
Buckey, assistant rector of St. Mat
thews Roman Catholic Church, offi
ciated.
Abbott was in such a condition that
he could not recollect what saloons
he had visited. The detectives learn
ed that he does not live at the Grand
Hotel.
Defectives Cody and Braig went to
the hospital, where Abbott had a
wound in his scaln dressed, and in
terrogated him. He said he had been
in the city several days and had been
drinking heavily. About midnight he
rapt a boy of some 17 years of age
and they had several drinks together.
The boy introduced him to a young
man about 24 years of age and they
had more drinks. About half past 3
o'clock, when they were on Third
fctreet. near Howard, the young man
struck him on the back of the head,
knocked him down and relieved him
of 570.
K. Abbott, who says he is a civil
*T^in°er from Denver and lives at the
Grand Hotel, told Policeman Williams
about 5 o'clock j-esterday morning
that he had been knocked down by a
joung rr.au on Third street, near
Howard, and robbed of J70. Wil
iiams sent him to the Central Emer
gency Hospital and notified police
headquarters.
If. Abbott, a Civil Engineer. Drinks
W jtli Boy end Young Man Loses
His Coin.
VISITOR FROM DENVER
SATS IIE WAS ROBBED
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 6. — Daniel
Kevane, formerly secretary of the
State Board of Examiners, has written
to the foreman of the Grand Jury of
Riverside County volunteering to ap
pear before that body and testify con
cerning the purchase of Riverside
County bonds by the State Board of
Examiners. Kevane says it will give
him pleasure to testify fully torching
his knowledge of the transaction in
question at such time as the, authorities
may designate, provided his expenses
are paid.
RIVERSIDE. Jan. 6.— Xo move has
been made^ toward subper.aing mem
bers of the former State Board
of Examiners or others inter
ested in the alleged swindle in
connection with the sale of court
house bonds. This matter prob
ably will not be taken up until the in
vestigation of alleged grafting on
courthouse contracts has been con
cluded. J., W. Bowen, representative
of the Fuller Desk Company, that sold
courthouse furniture to the county, was
examined to-day and also Supervisors
Dunbar, Craven. Shaver and Kimball.
who were a3ked to explain their opera
tions.
Says It Will Afford Him Pleasure to
Testify Concerning the Purchase
of Riverside County Bond.*.
KEVANE IS WILLING
TO MEET GRAND JURY
FRESNO, Jan. G. — There was every
indication at the State Labor Federa
tion meeting this morning that the dif
ferences on political and socialistic
issues have been adjusted.
The striking out of the constitutional
provision requiring the Becretary-treas
urer to daily deposit moneys received
and demanding weekly deposits was
concurred in.
A resolution condemning strike oppo
sition methods in Colorado and pro
testing against employment of troops
in settling labor differences was tem
porarily deferred.
A resolution opposing the system
whereby raw material Is shipped from
this to foreign countries to be manu
factured abroad into goods and re
turned under the bond system, was re
ferred to the incoming executive com
mittee.
A resolution by Mayor Schmitz
memorializing Congress and the Presi
dent to prohibit unfair competition by
army and navy bands was adopted.
Resolutions to unionize the sugar
workers of the State, and to indorse the
blue label of the cigar-makers were
adopted.
A report recommending a bill limiting
drug clerks* hours to ten hours and in
dorsing various boycotts in San Fran
cisco and Los Angeles was favorably
acted upon.
A warm debate preceded the motion
on the point of making a money dona
tion to the cloakmiTkers, "hot air,"
"bulldozing" and "bullyragging" being
some of the terms employed.
The following officers were elected at
the evening session:
President. Harry A. Knox, San Fran-
and Xavy Bands.
Congress to Be Memorialized to Pro
hibit Unfair Competition by Army
STATE LABOR FEDERATION'
ADOPTS 3IAXY RESOLUTIONS
Wool Sorters* and Graders' Union — President,
Edward Ryan: vice president, Joseph Bang:
recording secretary, Eugene King; financial
secretary. Mark Brown; sergeant at arms
Mathew Smith; trustees— Daniel Donovan, John
Keefe. Henry Pohlmeyer: delegates to Labor
Council — Mark Brown. Joseph Barry; executive
committee — Daniel Meagher, Daniel Donovan,
Frank O'Day. Thomas Ryan, Henry Osberger.
Laborers* Protective Union Xo. 8944
held its regular weekly meeting at
Teutonia Hall, 1320 Howard street,
Tuesday night and initiated fifteen
new members. The Cloakmakers*
Union was Riven a donation of $10
and th<s newly elected officers were in
stalled. A rising vote of thanks was
griven the retiring: president, Michael
O'Leary, and the retiring financial sec
retary. Walter J. Joyce. The usual
weeklj' donation was made to the Fort
Bragg Lumbermen's Union.
WOOL-SORTERS.
Carnage and Waron Workers' Union No
t.ti — President. Daniel McLaughiin; vice presi
dent. P. Frecknashda; recording secretary H.
Schultz: financial secretary. \V. Fest- treasurer
I: Hc!la:,d: suide. G. Filbert; guardian, j'.
Kosher; delegate to Labor Council. J. Holland.
Tile-iayers 1 and Helpers' Union No. 4«—
President. H. Burke: vice president, T. Smith
recording secrttary, J. Hall; financial secretary
R. Wran; treasurer, W. Moss; sergeant at
arms, W. E. Clymer: trustees — Charles Mur
phy. J. Murdock. G. M. Waggoner. E. B Mc-
Keever. H. J. Merrill and C. McDevitt.
Installation^ have been made as fol
lows:
Rattan Workers' Union— President— H. Sehal
ter; vice president. W. Alexander: financial
secretary-. W. F. Kagrerbers: recording secre
tary. W. J./Fos: treasurer, W. C. Moore: con
ductor. H. Schen; sergeant at arms, Frank
Rehdorf.
San Francis-o Section, Lithographic Artists'.
Engravers' and Designers' League of America —
President, A. Leon Auradau: vice president.
B. Deering; secretary. A. R. McQuenzi; finan
cial secretary. Edward Lee: treasurer, A. Iken
sergeant at arms. Theodore Pohlmann; mana
ger employment bureau. E. Kehl.
WAGOV-WORKERS.
Paper-box Workers' Union No. 10 021 Presi
dent. M. Thomas; vice president. Miss M. Brod
mac. recording secretary. Joseph Ade: flnan
wf,tt" C H etiry ' MiEJ^ "• treasurer. Miss
Kittle Hogan: warden. Frank Lettchen: guide,
«¦* er i. Tre<ie: delegates to Labor Council-
Miss Mary Einnott. Miss Lizzie Koach and
Joseph Ade.
Electrical "Workers' Union No. 253 Presi
dent. II. Wolfe; vice president, T. It. Elliott •
recording secretary, C. H. Hanson; financial
secretary, William Coyle: press secretary H.
J. Summerhayes; treasurer, W. L. Rhys- fore
man, J. Doherty: first inspector. E. Willlam
t°. n: , E ,*' cond inspector. B. J. Grant: trustee, C.
\». Holland; cantain. F. McComber; execu
tive board— H. A. Thomsen, W. T. Goode J
K. Barton, F. McComber and C. W. Holland
delegates to I^abor Council — J. E. Barton H
F. Munson and C. V>\ Holland: delegates to
the DeDartmenta! Council— T. R. Elliott E
Williamson and «;. H. Hanson
The following officers have recently
been elected:
Local Union Xo. 227. Beer Drivers and Sta
blemen of the International Union or the
united Brewerv Workmen, consisting of
brancnes located in San Francisco, Stockton
and Sacramento: Rudolf Soeck. secretary:
Kd Hans n. treasurer; ¦William Humbert. Fred
Grovermann and H L. Mueller, auditing: com
mittee: A. H. Hohmann, Fred Meyer, Fred
Schumacher and J. J. Silk, examination com
mittee. San Francisco branches: Branch No.
1 — Con HourJhan. president; J. J. Cumtninffs
vice president; Tom Nunan. sergeant at arms;
M. A\ . S!Ik. branch treasurer; Peter Burke
and W: J. Benn, delegates to the executive
committee of the union. Branch No. 2 C.
Kraaksroa, pr?eiaent: Max I^ehmann, vice
president: Rudolf Schade. sergeant at arms;
1'eter Fedde. branch treanurer; A. M. Tiede
mann. H. Wedekind and Chria Hary. dele
gates to the executive committee. Branch No.
6 (.Bottled Beer Drivers) — Gus T.'nKermann.
president : AI Furth. vice president: George
Gold, serseant at arms; William Humbert,
branch treasurer: Gus Unnrinasn and AI
Furth. delegates to the executive committee
Metal Workers' Union No. 1— President,
James Lownie; vice oresident. J. Wolf: cor
responding: secretary, M. Rlttler; financial sec
retary, William Otis; treasurer, Thomas Oar
son: conductor. Franjc Kelly: warden. Ed Xich
0L3; trustee, Henry Lay; business agent, C. A.
Clancy.
OFFICERS ELECTED.
An increase of wages ranging from
2 to 3 cents an hour is asked by
the machinists in the employ of the
Southern Pacific Company. The de
mand will be probably be granted In
some, if not all, the shops.
The dispute between the members
of the Stablemen's Union and the Car
riage Qwners' Association seems no
nearer settlement than ever and a
strike is still imminent. The executive
committee of the Labor Council has
the matter in hand and will make an
advisory report at the meeting of the
council to-njorrow night. The mem
bers of the committee refuse to di
vulge the nature of the report, .but it
will have an important bearing on the
matter. A conference was held last
night between the men and the own
ers' association, but no action was
taken, it being deemed more advisable
to await the action of the Labor Coun
cil.
SAN RAFAEL. Jan. 6.— The State
Board of Prison Directors met at San
uentin prison this afternoon and was
surprised by a report presented by the
"Warden which showed the funds of the
prison to be in a badly depleted condi
tion. The general fund is nearly ex
hausted and the sale of jute bags will
not be sufficient to tide over the diffi
culty. The expense of the prison has
been greater than usual and the
amount apportioned to it, rapidly di
minished. To meet the demands
against the prison and pay the con
tracts awarded for good3 during the
coming year it will become necessary
to borrow money.
The Directors decided to meet with
the State Board of Examiners at Sac
ramento next Friday and ask them to
borrow enough money to meet all de
mands until the meeting of the Legis
lature.
When the Question of towels for the
use of the prisoners came up Warden
Tompkins said it would be too much
of a luxury. The board looked at it
differently and gave orders that the
price of towels be ascertained and at
the next meeting towels will be se
cured.
The charge by Convict Gardalli to
the effect that Captain McClure, who
was the turnkey at the "prison, had re
ceived money from him and never gave
him credit for the same, was dismissed
by the board. Gardalii's actions before
the board convinced them that he i's
slightly demented.
D. J. Sullivan of San Francisco, who
while acting as bond and warrant
clerk forged the name of a Police Judge
to a bond and was sentenced to six
years*, imprisonment, was paroled.
Robert Wilson, serving a life sen
tence from Tulare; John Burk. serving
twelve rears from Los Angeles, and
Walter O'Garrick, serving seven years
from Alameda, were • also paroled.
The Directors will meet at Folsom
next Saturday.
lurky blue grass, over which the cav
alry Iiorses will in the near future
make no end of golf hazards both de-
FlraJM'? and undesirable. The clearing
• >f the ground has cost the club about
WOO. T^e house improvements adja
«-rnt to the links and outside" the post
have cost nearly $20,000. Of course the
house could be moved away: its ar
rgngftnent could be so changed as to
rrmodel it into a living house. The im
provements to the golf links cannot,
however, be taken away, so Uncle Sam
wili. necessarily be the winner to the
o:lcnt yf the improvements thereon.
"When the San Francisco Golf Ciub
allied permission to be allowed to use
that portion of Presidio for its links
it was understood from General Gra
ham, the post commander, and later
from General MacArthur that they
might be called upon at any time to
sive them up. Nevertheless "now that
the time has probably arrived they be-
Kin to feel that their many hundreds of
dollars might " have been invested in
other channels to better advantage.
When they took the grounds seven
yean ago to convert them into links
thoy were covered With a rough stub
ble of undergrowth with a mixture of
grasses and lupins. This has all been
c'rared off and now in its place is a
•¦Jesely cropped lawn of purest Ken-
The new commanding: officer. Major
John Bigelow Jr., after witnessing: the
review yesterday saw that the grounds
were not ample to fully meet with
Uncle Sam's requirements and he at
once decided that a much larger field
was necessary. He looked about for
a more available spot on, the reserva
tion and naturally his eyes fell on the
spacious grounds now used by th«
coifers. They are in the finest condi
tion, high and dry. and there is in the
whole country, in such proximity to
any great city.- no grounds of such
magnitude or so fully adequate to meet
nil the present needs of the cavairy
for a drilling: ground.
The members of the San Francisco
Golf Club were thrown intoSa great
state of excitement yesterday afternoon
v. hen the rumor reached them that th«
links at the Presidio were to be turned
into a drill ground. This of course
would put an end to the sport in the
immediate vicinity of San Francisco.
The rumor originated from the fact
that the squadron of the Ninth Cavalry
now stationed at the Presidio has been
ordered to go Into daily drill. The
present grounds on the flat are suf
ficient for drilling a single troop, but
when it comes to having the whole
squadron in the field they are entirely
inadequate.
D. J. Sullivan, Who -Forged
Name of Police Judge to Bond.
Is to Be Given His Freedom
Yrniy Officials Consider Well
Trained Troops of More Ser
vice Than Expert Players
Executive Committee of Labor
Council Is Ready to Make an
Advisory Report on Matter
CONFERENCE IS FRUITLESS
CONVICTS ABE PAROLED
KOVEKS OF GAME EXCITED
> ¦
"Warden Tompkins Informs Di
rectors That It AVill Become
Necessary to Borrow Money
Stablemen Arc as Yet Unde
cided AVhat Course of Ac
tion Will Be 3Iost Advisable
Spate at Presidio Devoted to
Bunkers Is Xcedcd for
Drill Grounds by Cavalry
Miss Isabella McKennaand Pitts Duffield Are Married at the Fam
ily Home in Washington in the Presence of President and
Mrs. Roosevelt and Many Others Distinguished in Official Life
PRISON FUNDS
GETTING SHORT
GOLFERS FEAR
LOSS OF LINKS
DAUGHTER OF A SUPREME JUSTICE
BECOMES BRIDE OF JUSTICE'S NEPHEW
FAIL TO REACH
AN AGREEMENT
THE SAN. FRANCISCO CALL, .THURSDAY.^ JANUARY 7.- 1904.
PRINCIPALS IN ONE OF THE MOST NOTABLE OF THE RECENT EVENTS IN WASHINGTON SOCIETY. BY
THIS MARRIAGE A CALIFORNIA GIRL BECOMES THE WIFE OF A NEW YORKER AND TWO SU
PREME COURT FAMILIES ARE UNITED BY TIE OF KINSHIP. .
Famous "Lime Kiln" Ranch Is Sold.
GRASS VALLEY, Jan. 6.— The larg
est real estate transaction in years in
this county has just been recorded.
The famous "Lime Kiln" Smith ranch
has passed into the hands of Char2e3
Mull .of Pasadena. The property is
situated south of this city and yeare
ago was noted for its immense produc
tion of lime. Nearly, all the lime used
in. this section in former years came
from the Smith ranch. The new owner
will turn the place into a stock ranch.
SAX RAFAEL. Jan. 6.— Convict
Charles Moore, who has been serving
a sentence in San Quentin • prison for
a felony committed in Salinas, was to
day sentenced by Superior Judge' Len
non to four years' imprisonment in
Folsom. Moore was taken to Salinas
a short time ago as a witness in a case
pending there, and on his return was
searched. In one of his shoes was
found a quantity of opium. He was
convicted of smuggling opium into-the
prison.
Convict Moore Is Sent to Fobom.
5
DR. PIERCB'B REKEDIE3.
A Tuoaua worn-out, who never has to
lift a hand- for herself, who dots not
know the meaning of the word n wojry" !
How can it be possible? That it is possi-
ble is proved by th- experience cf many
a woman who, because of s!f*plessness,
servonsness, backache and other wom-
anly ills, becomes an niter physical
wreck.
Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription gives
new life and new strength to weak, •worn-
oat, ran-dewn women. It establishes
rsjralarity, dries unhealthy drains, heals
inflammation and ulceration, and cares
female weakness. It makes weak women
strong and sick women welL
"I srfRrrd for Cve years with inSamrnaiion
which cnoscd Tio!*nt p*ia aad often torture so
bad at Ifcae* that rtould not be about to attend
to tay daily duties. •» writes Mr*. Jntius C Bell,
of Bit broad. Kiarston. Oct. "LUe was simply
miserv to ire and I did net kaow which way to
turn for relief. Had tr.ed docton but found
thry did not he!p tor. My drucgiw advised m-
f. try Dr. Pierce's FaTorite Prescription— eaio-
tffabiS it ' a slowing: terms. - I decided to cive it
a irL-T and broaght • bolt:-: tome. I am>»ppy
to «y that after the ase of -the first bot;!e I felt
bo Bi«ch uaprorcd I decided to take another and
after that a third boille. I ha« rood reasons to
h? •'ess-ti. for I am to-day a well Tromsn. work
jsrtav and the world looks bright. I hare per-
fect Uctllh. thanks to your medicine."
Sick women are invited to consult Dr.
Pierce iy letter, free. Address Dr. IL V.
Pisrce, Buffalo, N. Y.
•'Favorite Prescription" makes weak
women strong, sick women vrclL Ac-
cept no substitute for the medicine which
vor.s wonders for weak women.
Dr. Picrcc's Pleasant Pcll.W I should \rt
used with '••¦ Favorite Prescription " whea-
•ver a laxative is required.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
jB& Thut»iay, 1 January, l9tM SL
— _. g. __
Artistic rockers
! Also comfortable and dur-
able. We count our patterns
by the dozens, and each one
has a distinctive stylishness,
dolden oak, weathered oak,
"fumed" oak, maple, birch
and mahogany are all in evi-
dence. The rocker pictured
above is in golden quarter-
sawed oak and has wood
seat. Price $15.00.
Kazak rugs from the far-
away Orient. Rather a coarse,
heavy rug, with long, very
silky pile. The designs fol-
low the geometrical patterns
mostly, and are square or
nearly so. We are showing
some fine specimens in our
rug department now and a na-
tive of the European rug dis-
trict is here to tell you all
about them. A rug 5 by 7
feet is marked forty-five dol-
lars — other sizes at prices
. corresponding.
261 to 281 Geary Street
At Union Square
Seed Talk 1
Complete and reliable in- fl
formation and advice on sesds, I
planting, etc., in our new, i!
amply and beautifully illustrated 1
annual catalogue, 1904. U
Mailed free on request. f ]
ALL .SEEDS FOR FARM i
• AND GARDEN. » H
Fruit Trees and Ornamenta] I
Plantat ' n
/"V^v CEi'rzrt /"*/*V'B
411,413, 415 Suuome Street H
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL. S
In illness and in temporary
upsets of the stomach, beef
j tea made with
Liebig Company's
Extract of Beef
will be relished and digested
by the weakest stomach be-
cause it is entirely free from
. fat. It nourishes while it
stimulates.
'-- The genuine has blu« signature
C\ Eyeglasses /Q
I and T_J
\j Spectacles X\
visit DR. JORDAN'S oriat, 1
dHUSEUH OF AHflTOHYi
A . C$ 1S31 IU2XS? 3Z.13. ;;ii7a. S.T.C& , I
0 jmiVV-|L. v -"o' J- Wtitntun ,r tuf coiKracrstt ¦ I
- S3 £5W d.iev.« |M»iU«»l;Tr<ar*4oyt»e .idcu
4 fl*2£ £ K». JCSDA»-D!SEA3cS OF MEM , I
A I tfV H TtMraic "l prwoilly « by letter. A , I
T fl v >l I /MkM ftri k tm; can adrniin, '
AflS ll A "rite f.»r 1***. r*ILtiD»T »f A
V » 3 . Ijf n*ani*CK. mailso rus. (Af
A fl I* »*-u»ye baok (of m»a) \
V D& JOCDAK A CO.. lC21M»rt«S<t..9. F. ¥
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USC DAillANA BITTERS. THS
Givat Mexican Femstty: irlves health *od
strrr.slh to i«-xua! orzan*. I>epot. '¦".-¦: MarVtt.
( PLACE YQU3 ObTe \S Tm\
Ipotii century]
Another shipment * will
arrive about Janunry 21,
1004.
In order to satisfy the :
demand for this premium
xre hare ordered another"
carload of these books,
and all persons sending to '
The Cook Book Depart-
ment of this paper a six
months' subscription to
The Dr> II y and Sunday '
Call may secure one of the
Twentieth . Century Cook
nooks at the t>remium
rate of 50c.
IOri-of-lswi subscribers sbouid renH fl
20c atfdilhnil io prepay transportation |
chtrgtt.' - J . . ' |RECENT reports from Helsingfors, a town in the
north of Finland, carry the news of a piece of
Russian officialism which may have more import
to it than appears on the surface. A Swedish engineer,
Mr. Bjordklund, acting as the agent in Finland for a Ger
man manufacturer, was suddenly seized as a spy and cast
into prison, and because he refused to confess to any se
ditious acts against the Government was compelled to
remain in a cell all night, entirely stripped of his cloth
ing. The next morning the Russian officials pretended
to discover that their prisoner was a subject of the
Swedish King,' and they dismissed him summarily. King
Oscar's Ministers have set an inquiry on foot at the
court of St. Petersburg, but after the lapse of almost
three months no diplomatic reply has been made by the
Czar's Government.
'Idle as it may seem to attempt a. prediction of future
events, this latest piece of despotism in down-trodden
Finland, considered in conjunction with the well-known
devious ways of Russian diplomacy, must compel a.
thoughtful consideration of the bit of underground
statecraft this seemingly insignificant incident re
veals. Great as the roar and the bluster may be be
tween the Muscovite and the Jap in their sparring about
for an opportune moment in which to knock the chip off
the other fellow's shoulder, the wise ones who know the
tricks of the Tartar of the north are instinctively look
ing about to find the cause of his recent movements in
Finland.
One of the most characteristic features of , Russian di
plomacy has been that of taking advantage of a diver
sion to effect a coup in a direction, undreamed of.; Here
is Russia on the verge of a war which. must necessarily
be a bitter one and which will carry. with it the destinies
of all the East. So delicately poised is the balance of
European diplomac3V that England and France are al
ready beginning to polish up their sabers for use!ihcase
of emergency. Diplomatists have not hesitated to say
that the Eastern embroglio might develop into a general
European conflict such as that which marked the Rus
sian move to annex the Crimea. Granting the possi
bility of, even a partial fulfillment of these predictions,
it is not beyond the power of belief that in the, confusion
of a war. between herself and one or more of. the: powers
Russia would make a sudden grab -at a piece of "terri
tory within the locked province of ; Europe itself.
That territory would be upon the Scandinavian-pen
insula. It is 'not for naughts that for thepast ten years
RUSSIA'S MENACE AGAINST SWEDEN.
San Francisco is now in contented possession of
three Justices of the Peace for one bench, each exponent
of the law holding disputed commission from antagonis
tic authorities. While it is only a drop in the bucket,
this row of the lawyers, enlisting their energies against
themselves, leaves the public gratefully unconcerned, at
least for a while.
Present conditions affecting railroad
management are radically different
from what they were a decade ago.
Quicker action, greater alertness and
the tireless energy of youth are now
essentials in making a great railway
system pay. The older men, like Mr.
Hill, A. J. Cassatt, Marvin Hughitt,
Roswell Miller. Horace Burt, Samuel
Spencer, E. P. RIpley, Charles S. Mel
len, W. H. Newman ar.d M. E. Ingalls,
have all done splendid pioneer work.
Howard Elliott, the new president of
the Northern Pacific system, is one of
the best types of the capable, self
reliant and progressive young railroad
man. At the age of 40 years he is at
the head of one of the most important
and prosperous railway systems in the
world and so great is the confidence
that the principal owners of the prop
erty repose in him that no restraint has
been placed upon his policy or methods.
Mr. Elliott attended Harvard College
while Theodore Roosevelt was there,
and although they were not class
mates they became close friends. Dur
ing Mr. Elliott's first visit to New York
after his election to his present posi
tion he was summoned to the White
House to receive congratulations and
enjoy a sociable luncheon with his dis
tinguished college mate.
The advancement of Mr. Elliott
made way for the advancement of an
other young man who has shown re
markable capacity for doing a great
variety of things in the railway ser
vice. Daniel Willard, who succeeds El
liott as second vice president of the
great Burlington system, had just be
gun to make a record as first vice
president of the Erie. His new posi
tion, however, will give him a larger
sphere of action. Beginning as a track
laborer, Mr. Willard has come up
through every grade In the operating
department — brakeman. fireman, en
gineer, conductor, station agent, sec
tion boss, division superintendent, as
sistant superintendent, superintendent,
general manager, etc.
Cornelius Vanderbilt's activities in
the railroad field now embrace both
the mechanical and financial depart
ments. It is just ten years ago that
this young man first put on overalls
and went into the New York Central
machine shops to find out how to
build a locomotive. He learned his les
son thoroughly and he has been devis
ing alterations and improvements to
the locomotive ever since. He has
taken out a dozen or more patents and
the Vanderbilt firebox is now widely
used on freight engines. For the past
few years Mr. Vanderbilt has been giv
ing much attention to the perfection
of a new type of tank car.
John D. Rockefeller Jr. came into
public view as a railroad man about
three years ago, when Wall-street
brokers traced purchases of several
blocks of Missouri Pacific stock to him
and Howard Gould. Young Rocke
feller showed astuteness in buying
when prices were at their lowest. He
is credited with having picked up con
siderable St. Paul, Union Pacific and
Lackawanna stock during the succes
sive "bear raids" on the general mar
ket It was through young Rockefel
led's initiative that his family be
came — as it is now believed to be —
the largest individual stockholder- in
the Missouri Pacific road. John D.
Jr. is a director of the Missouri, Kan
sas and Texas Railroad, which is prac
tically owned outright by Rockefeller
interests. It is the policy, of John D.
Rockefeller ] Sr. to keep in the back
ground and put his son, as well as his
brother, William, into the directorates
of the properties in which the family;
has an important interest. At pres- j
ent therefore John D. Jr. is simply his I
father's representative in railroad j
boards. He is intelligent, cool-headed
and judicious and may. yet develop a
forceful individuality of his own.
Howard Elliott's election to the presi
j dency of the Northern Pacific Railway,
' Corneliu" Vanderbilt's active Interest
j in the affairs of the Illinois Central, the
j entry of William K. Vanderbilt Jr. into
| f.. > financial department of the New
j York Central, the placing of John D.
; Rockefeller Jr. on important commlt
| tees in the Lackawanna directorate and
| the designation of Fourth Vice Presl
j dent Samuel Rea of the Pennsylvania
i to have full charge of the $50,000,000
j tunnel and terminal work at |.'ew York
j are the most recent and conspicuous
j evidences that young men are rapidly
j coming to the front in railroad man
j agement.
James J. Hill, who is training his son
to take his place as the head of the
Great Northern system, said to the
writer of this sketch not long ajo: "It
j is to the young men that the railroads
j of this country must look t< r progres
! sive development within the next few
! years."
BY EARI, D. BERRY.
j (Former Railroad Editor New York Times and'
New York Sun.)
(Coryricht. l»04.- by Joseph B. Bowles.)
Coming Magnates.
Be honest new! Have you ever felt
I hat way? When the meals seem dull
tnd the evening hour stupid and' you
ook around at the familiar faces and
remember how often you have heard
icd told the same old "chestnuts" —
ijoecn't the selfish, wretched, unmanly
"eeling come to you?— "the audience
£n't worth the play and I must go
And right here, believe me, we shall
find the almost universal trouble. It
p because most people do not like to
jlay their "best parts" to such "small
mdiences" that you see so little high
irt on the diminutive domestic stage.
•What!" we say, away down out of
hearing In our soula, "you don't think
( can put forth my best efforts to be
brave and cheerful and witty and
charming in this little, pitiful domestic
circle, do you? I need a greater arena
for my talents. How can I work my
self up to my highest pitch before this
petty, unappreciative audience? There's
my old father or mother— half senije
and wholly self-centered. There's my
v.ife (or my husbaad) tired and stupid
to a degree. Besides these— there is no
one but the children and they aren't
old enough to appreciate my powers!
No indeed! I can't tell my good stories
here! I can't put on. my grand manner
in this poor presence! "
The fundamental and unpardonable
error always and everywhere is the
failure to perceive the relative values
cf things. It is the creation of a true
home atmosphere that Is the first busi
ness of all married people. Every
power of body, mind and spirit is pri
marily indebted to this great end and
Its achievement is worthy of the exer
cise of your highest talents. Of your
"highest" talents, I say!
But what are the facts? People give
to their homes the frazzled ends of
th^Cr time, their strength and their
talents. There is something both pite
ous and monstrous about the niggard
liness of our life at home. Men come
back to it wrung out like sponges aud
Equeezed out like oranges. They say
they cannot help it. Well, give them
the benefit of all the doubt there is.
The exactions of the outside world are
terrible. But after all, it is not so
much "necessity" as lack of correct
ideas that accounts for most men
bringing home nothing but the dregs
of their best selves. Women pour their
strength into the toil of mere house
keeping with the reckless waste of
prodigals and have nothing left but
quivering nerves and exasperated tem
pers for the evening hour at the fire-
Bide. They exonerate themselves by
describing the tyranny of cooking and
cleaning and mending. But who does
not know that a higher conception of
domestic life and nobler ideals of moth
erhood and wlfehood would make them
save up the best of all their fund of
energy for the contact with children
and husband?
In every one of us there is a "best"
and "'worst." We have cream and
fikim milk, silk and fustian in our
makeup. It is a test question, "What
<Jo you do with the best that is in
you?"
Some men give the best that is in
them to their business. If there is
Justification for any error it is for this
one. Business is terribly exacting.
Competition was never so fierce. Men
¦were never so consecrated to money
getting:. Others are putting their no
blest powers into rival enterprises, and
Jl we do not follow their example we
t hall get lost in the shuffle.
Some men give their best to their
boon companions. It is at the midday
lunch or at the evening: banquet or at
the "un'on" or "league" that you see
the full display of their mental re
sources. All their powers are saved
up to be consecrated upon these al
tars. It is there that their wit, their
grace, their energy are all consumed.
As for the women, many devote
their supreme talents to society. It ia
for the afternoon tea, the evening re
ception, the card party that they
nurse their strength. Thither th*\v
la-ing their sweetest smiles and tluir
most cultivating manners. There th'*y
v.ear their brightest jewels and their
daintiest gowns.
Many lavish their greatest gifts
upon the "club." To that insatiable
.shrine they carry offerings of intel
lectual, moral and spiritual graces of
which their husbands and their chil
dren never dreamed. Nothing is too
pood for the club! Time, money,
strength, cheerfulness, courage, pur
pose, life itself are thrown into that
bottomless pit with all the abandon of
d*»votecism. "And how is your moth
«m getting along?" asked her teacher
of a little girl who had just been told
oi the arrival of a baby sister. "Oh.
mother wasn't there — she was at the
c'ub!" the child replied.
It is to none of these objects, how
ever good (and not even to the
church, nor to the community nor to
j/hilr.nthropy) that we ought to ;?ive
our "best"; but to our homes. It is
in our homes that we ought to wear
our best clothes and our richest jew
els. Put them on, no'x and then, just
for your husband and your children.
Don't you think it would do them
good to see you in all your loveliness?
It is in our homes that we ought also
to put on our best manners; there we
aught to w«ar our most smiling faces;
there we ought to display our richest
mental resources.' .
etc.)
(Copyright. 11*04. by Joseph 13. Bowles.)
ny ciunLER predkbic gops. r>. r>.
(Author of '•The Redeirn-ncn of David Corson
A Little Home Sermon.
The evidence given in the case ought to be carefully
followed by all persons charged with .responsibility in the
management of theaters or with the official duty of inspect
ing them. It will not do to attribute the calamity wholly
to bad architecture, and limit inspection to similar mat
ters in other theaters. Attention should be paid to the
evidence concerning the blunders of the employes at the
time of the fire, and efforts made to see to.it that in all
theaters the employes be carefully drilled and disci
plined in the duties required of them when fire occurs.
AS the investigation of the Chicago disaster pro
gresses, it becomes^ more and more evident that
the calamity was the result not so much of any
defect in the construction of the Iroquois Theater as of
carelessness on the part of those in charge of the opera
tion of the mechanism of its various departments. .. From
evidence reported as having been given before the coro
ner, it appears that the fire might have been extinguished
or burned itself out harmlessly if only the employes»had
been thoroughly drilled in the duties expected of them
in case of just such an emergency as occurred.
The asbestos drop curtain would have swung down in
to* place between the stage and the auditorium all right
if the reflector lights along the arch had been first swung
back where they belonged. It was the projection of
those lamps that interfered and prevented the descent of
the curtain, and it: would have been easy to swing them
out of the way had any one thought of doing so. One
witness testifies there had been a small blaze on the
stage some two weeks before the big fire took place, and
that it was noted at the time that the asbestos curtain
could not work while the obstruction was in the way;
and yet after that fact was made known nothing was
done either to free the curtain of the obstruction, or to
drill some one into the practice of swinging, the reflec
tors out of the way the moment the call for dropping the
asbestos curtain was given.
One of the chief causes of the terrible loss of life was
the darkness that fell upon the theater almost as soon
as the flames burst forth into the auditorium. It seems
clear that had there been ample light there would have
been less of a panic, and a chance for the escape of many
who perished because they could not see which way to
turn for safety. It is now reported that the theater was
equipped with an emergency lighting plant for use in
case the ordinary lights went out. That equipment was
in place and in good order, and had any one of the offi
cers or employes of the theater thought to turn the
switch there would have been an immediate illumination
of the auditorium, the corridors and the halls of the
building.
A third ' cause of the great fatality was the lack of a
shaft f6r the escape of the flames upward through the
roof; and yet just such a means of providing for the
safety of the theater had 'been arranged by the architect.
Above the stage were skylights which were designed ;to
open automatically under certain conditions, and thus
make a draft that would carry flames on the stage
straight upward and away from the auditorium or the
dressing-rooms. The skylight, it appears, did not open.
Efforts are now being* made to find out why, and there is
an ugly story of its having been battened down. At any
rate it might have been opened even after the automatic
mechanism had failed to work if only some one had been
drilled into doing it whenever fire occurred.
Here then are three instances of gross carelessness re
ported on that oneocasion, and each of them had much
to do with augmenting the calamity. By reason of one
the flames could find ;no outlet through the roof and
were driven into the auditorium; by reason of another
the asbestos' curtain designed to protect the auditorium
would not work; by reason of the third the building was
left in total darkness when it might have been amply
lighted. What possible architectural foresight could
guard against such terrible mistakes on the part of the
persons in charge cf the building?
• • • -
For shame! At your own fireside you
are in the most sacred spot on earth.
This little audience ought to move you
as deeply as the 60,000 people who used
to gather in the Roman amphitheater.
Have you any story too- good to tell
that group of beloved beings? Do you
know where there Is any crowd before
whom you ought to try harder to show
off all your best gifts and graces? How
polite you were to thoee rich ladies
\ who carr.e into the store to buy silk
dresses torday! How charmingly you
1 entertained those people who came to
! make their party call! You put your
best foot forward sure! Why not do it
at the evening meal for the benefit of
I your loved ones? It seems such a pity
! to show everybody else the best side
of your nature and them the worst.
If you can h/> considerate and sweet
tempered and charming everywhere
else, why not at home?
Of course, it cannot be denied that
! homes? are dull places sometimes. We
j get c-!d and accustomed to each other.
j Trouble comes to sadden us. It's very
I hard to rise above the atmosphere of
I grief and melancholy that comes with
j the advancing shadows of life. But we
I owe all the light and sweetness there
is in us to that sacred group of be
ings who assemble around the fireside.
• down to the club or the saloon to get
J appreciation?"
THE CHICAGO DISASTER.
2 Special information aunnH«»,t ¦* »• "
business houses and nuh?£ ly to
Townsend's California glace fruit, .„,?
SSftJSL VBfffejyg** S£
IN THE ARMT-Subscrlber, City
The only place where the following
questions can be answered is the Wa?
Department at Washington. D. C but
it is doubtful if that department
would have the statistics collated ex
'wl /° r ex , traordin ary purposed
_7£ a JL proportlon <* the soldiers in the
Civil War. were married men?" "What
proportion of the American soldiers in
rte C d ?.? h ' American War were Sar-
PRIVATE LAND CLAIMS—W C
Escondido, Cal. There Is a decision In
Land Owner which says that "When
land has been granted by the Unite?
States to private parties, other parties
have no right afterward to ente? upon
the land and prospect for gold v«
r prlvat C eTan b d e s^ Ulated * * tr ~™
MORTGAGE-A Subscriber. Battle
Mountain, Cal. In the State of Calf
fornia a mortgage does not have to be
renewed every year. A mortgage is an
obligation in writing and alfobUga"
rSafe.^ StatG - tt -of
NO CONFESSION-a Subscriber.
Battle Mountain. Cal. You have evi
dently heard the story that has been
denied a hundred . times in the past
year. No one ever confessed having
murdered the Lamont and Williams
girls irj a church in San Francisco
When the Christian boys applied for a
tract of land on which to raise corn for
Mr. Rankin the wealthy land owner
after talking with them, did not hesi
tate. He promptly closed a deal where
by he turned over a tract of good land
540 acres in extent He agreed to nay
them 12 cents for every bushel of corn
they would raise on» the land.
/Then the boys showed what kind of
stuff they were made of. Hitchine six
Missouri mules to a lister they attacked
the land. 1<his machine plows, harrows
and seeds all at one operation They
worked like Trojans and SOOR h S
acres were all planted. Then the boys
had a breathing spell. .Whet, the co?n
began to grow another task »nl "J
for .them.' and three times tt^ne
corn had to be cultivated. Again w^
The Christian boys accepted an offer
from Davis Rankin of Atchison County,
Missouri, who is the most extensive
cattle feeder in the world. Mr. Rankin
has 30,000 acres of land in Atchison
County, and each year ne raises corn
on from 15,000 to 20,000 acres.
By industriously tending a patch of
corn all last summer three Missouri
boys earned not only the handsome
sum of J4154 52, but soon sufficient dis
tinction to have the fruit of their in
dustry selected to be one of the fea
tures of Missouri's exhibit at the
World's Fair, and to cause the com
mission to place their photographs in a
place of honor in the Missouri building.
The boys are John, George and Joseph
Christian, aged 19, 16 and 12 years, re
spectively. They are the sons of C. A.
Christian, and their homes is in Tarklo
Atchison County. The work was all*
done in the time intervening between
May 1 and November 1, and the boys
are now in school and laying plans for
enjoying to the utmost the World's
Fair next year. ,.v;'. • <.
Progressive Youths.
OBLIGATIONS— S. F., City. If the
United States Government had suf
ficient coin in its treasury to meet all
its paper obligations if presented at
one time it would not have to issue
bonds and pay Interest upon them.
DRAMATIC PAPERS— A Call Sub
scriber, City. Any first-class dealer In
periodicals will giv* you the informa
tion desired. There are a number such
in this city.
'Answers to Queries.
EDISON— J. L. J.. Fort Baker, CaL
Thomas A. Edison Jr. is a son of ih»
inventor of that name.
De preacher come at me
A-slngin' a psalm,
En he want ma ter swear off
Fum nrinkln* my dram;
But I tell him he talkin'
A text dat is vain.
Fer I drinkin' my dram
Fer my trouble an' pain!
He tell me dat Satan
Got pitchfork en pike;
"It ain't fer yo\paln —
It's de liquor 'you like!
En de heavenly gate
In you' face gwlne ter slam;
You de trlflln'est nigger
Dat ever drinked a dram!"
Den he smackin* his mouf.
En he tell me: "I think
Fer my min's satisfaction
I'll taste what you drink!"
En he llf* up de jug
Take de whole er de crap!
Please God, he ain't lef
Of dat, licker one drap!
— Atlanta Constitution.
r A Neiv Year's Sermon.
The installation in theaters of steel curtains, to be
operated several times during every performance, has
been suggested as a necessary precaution against dis
asters, such as that which so recently threw the nation
into gloom. Common sense dictates that no theater
should be permitted to open its doors without this ordi
nary protection to its patrons. It will be' interesting to
follow the spirit with which municipal officers accept the
suggestion.
JAPAN'S KEEN MOVE.
JAPANESE statesmen are proving themselves the
. equal of any. They have watched the aggressions
of Russia upon China, that would have caused war
with any but" that helpless power. They have protested,
and have asked for explanation" and for understanding,
but no satisfactory response- has come from Russia.
Now, instead of declaring war and assuming the awful
responsibility of; breaking the world's peace, Japan - in
vesjts Korea, occupies the seaports of that" hermit: king
dom and says to Russia hands off. just as Russia says
hands off in Manchuria. * I
If .Russia attempt to interfere, there will be powder
burned, but Russia, by this highly strategic move, is
compelled to, assume the offensive and intrude upon or
attack Japan. China and the Western nations, as well
kndw well the position of . Japan toward Korea, made
necessary by the peninsula's command of the Japanese
islands. What she has done now is entirely within her
rights, necessary to her ' protection ' and - justified by her
proper: policy. If Russia object, Adam Zad may live to
b e' sorry.' ' '.*-'"•¦¦ '¦¦*>"-';. '•-¦:¦"¦¦' :¦¦¦¦-¦¦¦' -'-^ ¦":-¦< -Tr .
"Is that so," said the Judge, as he
stroked his long whiskers. "Well, I'll
just give him three months again and
that will be one vote less for the other
side. Call the next case."
"Your Honor," the arresting officer
chipped in, "the beginning of the
trouble was caused by the defendant
shouting that he was against you and
wanted to see you beatei^ because you
had sentenced him to three months for
beating his wife."
About two weeks pr^or to the election
a man came up before the Judge on a
charge of disturbing the peace. His
attorney made a strong plea for him,
telling the Judge that the defendant
was a good man and had a wife and
three children dependent upon him.
"Well," said the Judge, "I guess we
might let him go this time, for the
sake of his family."
The last time the late Police Judge
Campbell was ejected he was not slated
for renomination, but his friends were
too powerful and the slate was broken.
The campaign waa an exciting one and
the Judge was elected by the largest
majority ever given him.
The Quality of Mercy.
On examining his prize, Mr. Hubbard
found the interwined monograms of
Henry II. and Diana of Poitiers — two
"D's" and an "H" — in ten places, as
well as the three interlaced crescents
which formed Diana's own crest, while
on the four corners waa the crowned
"H" of the monarch. There is no doubt
that the casket is one presented by
the King to his favorite.
The box, which is about eighteen
inches long and nine inches wide, 13 of
wood covered with beautiful gesso
work. It stands on eight silver acorns,
and at the corners of the lid and body
are elaborate silver ornaments. The
most curious feature is a silver Moorish
dome on the top. Experts suggest that
it may be hollow, and that there may
be something concealed within it. But
Mr. Hubbard has been unable to find
any opening.
"The find is unique." said an expert,
"and it would probably fetch £5000 to
morrow if put up for sale by auction."
In a few days the casket will be ex
hibited at South Kensington Museum—
London Daily Mail.
Passing a West End curio shop re
cently, Mr. Hubbard, a well-known
city architect, of Gresham street, saw
a tarnished casket in the window. Ha
entered and asked the price, which he
was told was £35.
Mr. Hubbard took the casket home on
approval, and after a day or two wrote,
asking the dealer whether he would ac
cept a check for £25 or have the cas
ket returned. The dealer accepted the
check.
A romance of the curiosity shop has
just come to light in London.
Three hundred and fifty years ago
Henry II., King of France, presented
a magnificent casket to his favorite,
Diana of Poitiers.
Old Romance Unveiled.
But Avho are the three? Livernash is one, and it is
said that another hired man of Mr. Hearst graces a seat
from Chicago, who makes the second. But who, who is
the third? Perish the thought, or at least let something
unpleasant be done to the thought, that it is the Hon.
William Randolph Hearst himself! He informs us every
day in his newspapers that he is the noblest American
and the dandiest leader now up for public inspection,
and what must we think of our countrymen, or at least
that part of our fellow citizens who sit on the Demo
cratic side in Congress, if this leader of leaders is com
pelled to pull himself from oblivion by the seat of his
political trousers by voting for himself "to make it three!
What are we to think of Cleveland getting more votes
than Hearst! More, do we say? So much more that
the champion of the people, whose left hand stands yell
ing its achievements at his right until his dexter paw
has the earache, seems not in it. What ails his unappre
ciative brother members? Don't they take his news
papers and read therein what a matchless man he is?
Ingersollian echo.
There is evidence abroad now that the power of the
convention is about to be shorn, at least in the Demo
cratic party. There is a visible tendency to settle the
Presidential nomination by agreement of members of
Congress, leaving to the convention the lighter duty of
ratifying such action and the heavy task of listening to
speeches. With this in view there is repeated polling of
Democratic members of Congress, to develop their
Presidential preferences. In these several pollings the
Strength of some of the candidates fluctuates. It ebbs
and flows like the tide, and rises and falls like the
sounds of the night. But one candidate holds his
strength without variableness or shadow of turning. He
holds his own every time. His party in "California will
be proud to know that this inflexible and non-fluctuat
ing candidate is Mr. William Randolph Hearst.
While Cleveland, Gorman, Olney and Parker experi
ence the vicissitudes of political fortune, our own Will
iam Randolph simply and strongly dittos his vote
every time. But when the matter is looked in another
light its features are less reassuring. His total strength
is three votes. While the others run up into the scores
he gets always three votes, no more, no less. When it
is remembered that since the middle of November Wil
liam Randolph Hearst has been seated in the House hob
nobbing with his fellow members and meeting the
large number who have been his guests on yachts and
special trains, and who have acted as "commissioners" of
his several papers _ in settling the gyrations of the solar
system, this seems a small result.
FORMERLY candidates, for the Presidency were
nominated by a caucus of Congressmen. This was
before conventions had been devised. • The first
national political convention was held in 1832 to nomi
nate a running mate for Andrew Jackson. Prior to that
time there was not much platform making. Mr. Jeffer
son's inaugural served as the platform of the Republi
can patty, which he organized. Sometimes an action in
Congress or a resolution in caucus was all the expres
sion of partisan purpose that was necessary, and then
the people fell to and fell as foul of each other as they
do now.
The convention of 1832 changed all of that. It was
seen that a national convention was a better place than
Congress to bring men together for consultation. The
party orators, who theretofore had mixed spell binding
with grain binding in campaigns in the rural districts,
were proud to put their figures of speech on the market
in a great convention. So political oratory rose as the
conventions gained in importance, and reached its cli
max in Ingersoll's speech nominating Since
then no nominating orator in any convention, State o"r
National, has ever got away from the ascriptive "the man
who," until Mr. Lane was nominated " for . Governor of
California. That nominating speech, made by Mr. Seth
Mann, was a model of good taste and. was free from the
A RANK TAIL-ENDER.
Up to this time the work of making
the crop had been done altogether by
the three boys, with an occasional bit
of assistance "from their father. Extra
help was employed in the harvest, how
ever, and when the corn was gathered
and measured into Mr. Rankin's great
corn bins, it was found that the boys
had grown 34,621 bushels of corn. At 12
cents per bushel this netted the hand
some sum of $4134 52. and Mr. Rankin
gave them a check for that amount.
The corn was of splendid quality.
When the account of the feat reached
the Missouri World's Fair Commission
ers they determined to honor the boy«
by a World's Fair exhibit. Some of the
corn was obtained, and it will occupy a
place of honor in the Missouri agricul
ture exhibit.
a requisition made on the Missouri
mule, and six were attached to each of
three two-row cultivators. The weeds
were kept down, the soil loosened and
the corn grew. This cultivating was
gone through with three times. Mean
while the corn had grown and ripened
and when November rolled around the
crop was made and the harvest waa
begun.
David Bennett Hill, rising to the. stern emergency
of public address, has spoken and says he doesn't like
President Roosevelt. Nobody expected that Hill would,
nobody wanted him to and everybody is glad he doesn't.
The American people are too sensitive of their associa
tions not to feel an intimate concern for the character of
the company the President keeps. We are glad Hill
spoke for him.
" 'Here's your answer,* called Woods,
handing a bulky package to the wait
ing slip of a girl. She tore off the
cover and in the dim light from the car
windows was revealed a lovely doll,
dresses and what not. And then the
delighted child hugged 'Old Man'
Woods and he was more than rewarded.
He had bought the finest doll outfit he
could find in Ogden.
"The girl is a grown woman now,
but she always remembers 'Santa
Claus' Woods and the story is a legend
in the R. M. S. annals."
"Christmas morning at 4 o'clock the
westbound overland with Woods In the
mail car stopped at Rocklin. Wonder
ing whether his little friend was there
the clerk went out to the car door.
Sure enough there she stood.
" 'No, no, • it isn't too late,' replied
Woods. 'You be here to meet me when
I come back and I think there will be
an answer from Santa Claus. Good
night,' and the train started out into
the Sierras.
" 'I was afraid I'd be too late. I ran
out with this letter to Santa Claus. It
won't be too late, will itr eagerly asked
the tot, passing an envelope up to
Woods.
" 'I do want a dolly so badly and
paca is too sick to write to Santa
Claus for me this year.' explained the
anxious child.
"One night late in December the east
bound mail train stopped at Rocklin
to change engines. Woofls stepped to the
mail car door to get a breath of fresh
air, when he was attracted by a piping
cry of 'Mister, oh. mister.' Looking
into the darkness the old man made out
the form of a little girl, the daughter
of a section foreman, whose house was
near the station. Woods bent down,
for the child's head wouldn't near reach
the sill of the car door. The child was
barefooted and shivering' from the cold.
Eviden-tly some strong desire had sent
her out to the train at tnat late hour.
" 'What do you want, little one,'
kindly queried the interested mall clerk.
"I never go out on the Ogden run,"
said a railway mail clerk, "without
thinking of "Old Man* Woods' Santa
Claus story. •. Woods, by the way. i3
one of the veterans In the railway mail
service and his name is known among
the men over the whole Rocky Moun
tain and Pacific divisions. But to the
story.
£t Railroad Santa Clans.
Russia has been systematically breaking the spirit of the
Finns and make that province an absolutely passive and
tractable part of the great empire. A national senti
ment and an unbending spirit* do" not comport" "well
with a conquered people who lie upon the frontier, of a
coveted patch of the world's surface.. Making sure their
foothold upon the frontier before taking a grab at the be
yond is the set rule of the Russians. Peter, the greatest
Czar of them all, did exactly the samething in Finland
after the Swedish Charles had lost Pultowa. That the
country north of the Baltic should again see Swede and
Russian in death grapples is well within the bounds of
possibility. . .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 7, 19Q4.
THE SAN FRAN CIS C O CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor , I ... Address All Communications to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
- • ¦ ¦ - . • . ; ;
m ' '. ' . .. ~~~~
Publication O~ice <I^^^^^ > • -Third and Market Streets, S. F.
THURSDAY............./.... ...JANUARY 7, 1904
6
INSTRUCTIVE STUDIES
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMEN
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMESPROMINENT YOUNG COUPLE
WHOSE WEDDING WAS A
SOCIETY EVENT.
NEW YORK, Jan. 6. — The follow
ing Calif ornlans are here: From San
Francisco— -F. I. Monsen, at the Astor;
J. D. Hannah, at the Imperial; E.
Zimmerman, at the Vendome; J. P.
Dencke, at the Cosmopolitan; T. R.
Jacobs and wife, at the Hotel York;
P. Mansfield, at the Hotel Spalding;
Miss H. Montgomery, Mrs. E. A. Rodg
ers, at the Holland.
. From Santa Barbara — M. Snow, at
the Manhattan. < -. . .
From Los Angeles — W. T. Brown, at
the Imperial; B. Gaylord. at the
Netherland; G. E. Menlin. at the Man
hattan. ,
Californians in New York.
Revllo S. Huff, brother of Harry S.
Huff, a well known 'interpreter, ap
plied yesterday for letters of guar
dianship over the person and estate
of his brother. He says the latter la
mentally deranged.
Says Huff Is Mentally Weak.
Mabel Onetta of 523 Vallejo street
was severely burned yesterday morn
ing. The accident was due to the
carelessness of. children who 'were
playing with matches at the woman's
bedside. The matches became ignit
ed and the bed on which the woman
was lying was soon in a blaze. She
hurriedly attempted to escape, but
the flames had already caught her
night robe and before they could be
extinguished she was severely burned,
particularly about the hands and feet.
She was taken to the City, and County
Hospital and her injuries dressed. No
serious results are expected.
Is Set Afire Through the Care
lessness of Children.
Bed on Which Mabel Onetta Is Lying
WOMAN NARROWLY ESCAPES
BEING BUItXED TO DEATH
Daniel C. Deasey of the evening un
assigned list was assigned to the Hum
boldt Evening School. The use of the
premises for school purposes at 536
Castro street was ordered discontinued
The principals of high schools were au
thorized to use in their schools Brad
bury's Laboratory Manual of Chemis
try.
The following teachers in the 'depart
ment were granted leaves of absence:
M'.sh Mary A. Ahern, Miss, Helen eon-
Ion, Miss Mary I. Geary, Miss Ella N.
Booth, spring term, 1905; Robert A. Lee,
John A. Imrle. William H. Langdon
and L. M. .Shelley..
In accordance with written requests
Miss Virginia English of the Buena
Vista School was allowed to exchange
her position with Miss Helen M. Grace
of the Humboldt Evening School, and
W. J. C. Williams of % the Washington
Grammar School was permitted! to ex
change her position with Mrs. Marjorie
Stuart of the Hamilton Evening School.
George A. Connolly was appointed to a
position as drawing instructor in the
Humboldt Evening School.
The following teachers having re
turned from leaves of absence, were
assigned as follows: Mrs. Ida E. Clark
to Horace Mann Grammar School and
Mrs. C. Isaacs to Starr King Primary
School. When the leave of absence of
William F. Blake expires in the fall of
1904 it was resolved to place his name
on the I'nassigned list of teachers in
the evening department.
Grammar school certificates were
granted to the following named:
Miss Gertrude R. Norton, Frank Bar
thel, Gavin Telfer, Miss Mabel O. Ben
jamin and James Carson.
Miss Annie J. Murphy, Miss E. Alict
Keating and Miss Margaret E. Doyle
were recommended to the State Board
of Education for life diplomas In the
grammar grade. Kernan Robson wns
recommended to the same board for a
life certificate in the high school grade.
The following teachers were ordered
transferred by the board:
Mrs. C. E. Hansell from Doug-lass Primary
to Noe Valley Primary; Mrs.- Susie Hart frcm
Columbia Grammar to Harrison Primary; llifss
Lydia Grafe from South End Primary to
Douglass Primary; Miss C. E. Parks from
Douglass Primary to Henry Durant Primary;
Miss Helen M. Grace from Buena VUta Pri
mary to Fremont Primary; Miss Esther Rhine
from John Swett Grammar to Columbia Gram
mar; Miss Jennie M. Cahlll , from Garfleld
Primary to Irving M. Scott Grammar; Miss
Elsie Hart from Pacific Heights Grammar to
Grant Primary; Miss Mary C. McKinney from
Hlncon Grammar to Cleveland Primary; Miss
K. A. Humphrey from Starr King Primary to
Hearst Grammar; Miss E. A. Crowley from
Hamilton Grammar to Hearst Grammar: Miss
Ann* Gallagher from Mission Grammar to
Franklin Grammar; Miss Julia M. Neppert
from Bernal Primary to Horace Mann Gram
mar; Miss Margaret E. Doyle from Henry
Durant Primary to Mission Grammar; Mrs.
I. M. Reynolds from Dudley Stone Primary to
Grant Primary; Miss Mollle McLaren from
Irving ?.I. Scott Grammar to John Swett Gram,
mar; Mrs. Kate Tumey from Cleveland Pri
mary to Buena Vista Primary; Miss Virginia
English from Humboldt Evening to Hamilton
EveniER; Mr. W. J...G. Williams, from H~j.
llton Evening to Washington Evening-.
The meeting of the Board of Educa
tion yesterday afternoon was an im«
portant one and mostly given over to
the assignment of teachers now on the
eligible list. In all ten instructors were
given positions in various schools
throughout the city. Following Is a list
of the teachers assigned and the
schools in which they will teach:
Miss Hannah M. Duffy, Mission Grammar;
Miss Etta H. Tessmer, South End; Miss Anna
T. Crowley, Rlncon Grammar; Miss Alice B.
Diggs, Horace Mann Grammar, Miss A. Belle
McBoyle, Rtncon Grammar; Miss Sadie A.
GafCney, South End; Miss Llna Hanson, Ber*
nal Primary; Miss Lucy M. Fritz, Jean Parker
Grammar; Miss Marie Geary, Garfleld Pri
mary; Miss Ida M. Manley, Hamilton.
Long List of Names Eeceived
Asking: for Leaves' of Ab
sence, Which Directors Grant
TRANSFERS ARE ISSUED
Ten New Instructors Are Select
ed From the Eligible List
and Will Receive Positions
BOARD ASSIGNS
MANY TEACHERS
A man giving the name of Joe Rose
was booked at the Seventeenth-street
station yesterday on a charge of grand
larceny. He was found driving a
horse which answered the description
of one which had been stolen. He
said he had no intention of stealing
the animal, but merely wished to take
a drive and took the first horse he
could find.
Too Anxious to Ride.
Edward 11. Coffey, statistician pf
the Department of Public Health, yes
terday submitted the following re
port of births and deaths registered
during the month of December:
Births registered, 405. equal to a rate of
13.60 per 1000 per annum; for the correspond
ing month of last year there were 400 births
The number ot deaths registered totaled
CSU equal to a rate of 20.16 per 1000 per an
num; deducting from this number 70 deaths
claTsifled under the neadlnjr of "violent" leaves
<;19 to be credited to all natural causes, equal
to a rate of 18.10 per 1000. December. 1902
had 727 duaths to its credit, the rate for that
month being 22.03 per 1000.
The deaths registered were classified as fol
lows: By sex male 421. female 268; by social
condition, Mngle 286, married 2t7, widowed
133 divorced 4, unascertained 19: by race,
Caucasian 644, Mongolian 31. Japanese 5,
African 9; by nativities. Pacific coast 219,
other States 131. foreign 325, unascertained
14; by ages. B8 were under 1 year of age, 42
were between 1 and 5 years, 13 were from 5
to 10 years. 10 were from 10 to 20, 75 from
20 to 30. 87 from SO to 40, 90 from 40 to 50,
1)4 from 60 to 00, 94 from GO to 70, S8 from 70
to 80. 24 from 80 to 00.
53 died In the City and County Hospital, 20
in the Almshouse. 22 in the Emergency Hos
pitals, 2 in tht; bay, 2 in the ocean and 140
died in the various other hospitals and sana
toria, leaving 448 to be credited to the city
at large. . ¦ .
Some of the principal causes of death were
as follows: Diseases of the heart 113; pulmo
nary tuberculosis (consumption) 99: pneumonia,
broncho 15, • lobar S6; nephritis < Bright' a dis
ease) 35: cancer, all varieties, 31: cerebral ap
oplexy 13; alcoholism 11; other diseases of the
brain 23; diseases of the digestive system 25;
pertussis (whooping-cough) 20; cirrhosis of the
liver 19: ssnllity (old age) 14; septic diseases
13; diphtheria 0; Influenza (la grippe) 8;
measles 6; typhoid fever 5; violent deaths 70;
misadventure and negligence, including shocks
following operations. 6; asphyxia by gas 14:
burns 2; drowning 4; falls 6; firearms 1;
killed by steam trains 4; by electric cars 6;
other, causes 5; total 47; homicides, by fire
arms. 4; suicides, by, cutting 2, firearms 5.
hanging 3, gas 5, by railroad train 1, carbolic
acid 2, cyanide of potanslvm 1— total 19.
Edward M. Coffcy Gives Fisures on
Births and Deaths Registered-
During Month.
FILES REPORT OX VITAL
STATISTICS FOR DECEMBER
SANTA CRUZ, Jan. 6.— Leo Christal,
a son of Dr. J. F. Christal. left Hono
lulu recently as an attache of the San
ford theatrical company bound for
Australia. Young Christal was for six
weeks employed as bell boy in a Hono
lulu hotel, but; lost his position. He
and his sister, Anita Christal, are heirs
to $200,000 left by their grandfather. A
big sensation was caused a few morons
ago, when the boy was supposed to
have been spirited away from his
father and shipped on a schooner to
Honolulu. * i „
Young Chrlstal Sails for Australia.
It was alleged that the uncle, antici
pating the issuance of a writ of habeas
corpus, had caused the boy to flee to
Honolulu. It was alleged on the other
side that the boy left home of his own
accord because of dislike for his
father. Johnson and his wife were
cited for contempt of the Supreme
Court early in June, 1903.
The dismissal was signed by all of
the Justices with the exception of
Chief Justice Beatty.
R. F. Johnson, Mayor of Monterey,
and hia wife were purged of contempt
by the Supreme Court yesterday in the
matter of the disappearance of Leo
J. Christal. The temporary writ of
habeas corpus secured by Dr. J. F.
Christal, the boy's father, was dis
missed.
Leo Christal left his father's home
in Santa Cruz last February and went
to visit his uncle, Mayor Johnson, at
Monterey. Subsequently he left Mon
terey and went to Honolulu, where he
has since been living with his sister.
The father claimed that the Johnsons
had practically abducted his son and
sought the aid of the courts to have
his child restored to him:
Supreme Court Holds Mayor Johnson
and Wife of Monterey Not
Guilty of Contempt.
LEO J. CHRISTAL MAY
REMAIN AT HONOLULU
The Princess was first married to a
cousin! from whom she was soon di
vorced. She then married Baron von
Pagenhardt, and bore him six children.
The Princess was again divorced and
she allowed the Baron $1250 yearly, she
retaining and educating the children.
Later the Baron's allowance was dis
continued and he proceeded to exercise
certain legal rights and forced a mort
gage of $75,000 on the Princess' estate
near Cassel.
The Princess settled the matter by
resuming payment of the Baron's al
lowance, and he married the daughter
of a millionaire,. Herr Strohmeyer of
Baden-Baden, whereupon the Princess,
whose finances In the meanwTiile had
become involved, again stopped the
Baron's allowance. He protested and
took legal steps to have the Princess
declared a bankrupt, which the court
eventually ordered.
BERLIN, Jan. 6.— The Princess Al
exandra of Isenburg and Buedlngen
has been declared a bankrupt.
After Marrying Millionaire's
Daughter He Demands Con
tinuance of $1200 Annuity
NOBLE NEED'S THE MONEY
Princess Alexandra Stops Al
lowance of Divorced Spouse
and Is Declared Bankrupt
BARON DRAINS
WIFE'S FORTUNE
Dr. Abrahams Delivers Lecture.
Dr. Abrahams delivered a lecture
on the subject* of the x-ray, radium
and the spectrum last night at the
Emanu-El Sisterhood at 1248'Folsom
street The ball was crowded and the
interesting talk war greatly appre
ciated. ¦'•Sv/smI
At a regular meeting of the General
George G. Meade Post No. 48. G. A. R.,
held on Tuesday evening, the follow
ing duly elected officers were installed
by the senior past post commander, D.
M. Cashin, detailed by ' Department
Commander William R. Shafter as in
stalling officer: Commander, William F.
Toothaker, senior vice commander, Phil
M- Bel ton; junior vice commander, Isi
dore Simon; adjutant and quartermas
ter, William F. Howe; surgeon, Francis
H. Johnston; chaplain, William W.
Freeland; officer of the day. Phil Her
rier; officer of the guard, William
Teichert; .sergeant major, Samuel C.
Smith; quartermaster sergeant, Samuel
W. Knowles; inside sentinel, John H.
Coburn; outside sentinel, H. 8. Rem
baugh.
Mcade Post Elects Officers.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 6.— The fol
lowing Callfornlans are here. At the
Raleigh — Horace Davis, A. K. Andri
ano and wife of San Francisco, G. H.
Smith of California, and W. J. Currier
of Los Angeles. At the St. James —
Mrs. A. Parsons of San Francisco.
Callfornians in Washington.
M. J. Shea and T. Vyeda, manu
facturers of paper In Kobe, Japan, are
at the Palace. They are in this coun
try to buy Improved machinery.
H. H. Yard,' who is building the Butte
and Plumas Railroad, and his secre
tary, S. L. Glllen, arrived from Oro
ville yesterday and are at the Palace.
John McDermott, formerly clerk of
the Palace Hotel, who is to be chief
clerk of the new St. Francis Hotel, re
turned yesterday from a trip through
out the East. \= •
Bishop J. A. Cranston of Portland Is
at the Palace.
F. M. Chipman, a rancher of Fresno,
is at the Grand.
O. McHenry, a banker of Modesto, is
at the Occidental.
F. K. Merritt, a merchant of Eu
reka, is at the Grand.
J. Parker, a merchant of Colusa, is
staying at the Grand.
G. W. Harney, Mayor of Marysville,
is registered at the Grand.
J. S. Cunningham Jr., a mining: man
of Salt Lake, is at the Palace.
Charles C. Fife, a real estate man
of Lob Angeles, is at the Grand.
Dr. Charles Everetts and wife of
Rutherford are staying: at the Palace.
Dr. and Mrs. John F. Thompson of
Portland, Me., are staying; at the Pal
ace.
Mr. and Mrs. John Bradbury of Los
Angeles registered at the California
yesterday. . ' i
John W. Trepp of Pittsburg:, who is
Interested in mining: In this State, ar
rived at the Palace yesterday.
Dr. Bruce Goff and wif» of London,
who have been making a tour of Cen
tral California, are registered at the
Palace.
Graham Babcock of Coronado is at
the Palace.
PERSONAL.
Loses Three Finger*
• Giovani Giovanini. a carpenter re
siding at 722 Filbert street, while
working 1 at the Viavi Company's es
tablishment on Van Xess avenue yes
terday, lost three fingers. His hand
¦nas accidentally caught in a buzzsaw
• and the fingers injured so badly that
amputation was necessary.
To-morrow ni^ht the much talked of
and long looked for cotillon at which
the. officers of Forts Mason, Miley and
the PresidJo are to be hosts will take
place. The function will be held In the
famous old Presidio mess hall, and Col
onel Morris. Colonel Noble and Colonel
Garrard will constitute the reception
committee. A brave display of mar
tial gallantry is assured and a right
good time to the girls who will attend
the affair.
Mrs. Silas Palmer will receive to
morrow at her Washington-street home,
likewise in an informal manner.
• • •
Mrs. GrayBon Dutton -will entertain
informally to-morrow at St. Dunstan's
in the same charming- manner as on
last Friday.
• • •
To-morrow the wedding of Miss Caro
line Rixford and Covington Johnson
will take place at the home of the bride.
The marriage of this clever artist and
popular clubman is one of intense In
terest. The ceremony will be a quiet
affair, to which only relatives and in
timate friends of the families have been
invited. ">
Miss Mabel Hogg will give a tea
to-morrow in honor of Miss Florence
Callaghan.
The programme was concluded by the
singing: of two dainty little songrs ' by
Miss Xena Roberts, "The Haymaker,"
by Needham, and "Spring Has Come,"
by White. '-.-
The speaker was presented by Mrs.
George HaJght, the president of the
club, who at the conclusion of the lec
ture extended the thanks of the mem
bers to Mr. Mills for the rare pleasure
he had conferred.
One of the most interesting addresses
heard In clubdom this winter was de
livered yesterday by William H. Mills
before the members and guests of the
Laurel Hall Club. "The Forestry Pol
icy of the United States Government"
was the subject of Mr. Mills' discourse,
which, for fact and fancy, was un
questionably the gem of the year in
clubdom.
During the period of her betrothal,
Mrs. Searles was extensively entertain
ed, and there is every promise of many
post-nuptial functions to be given in
her honor when she returns to town.
The crowning social affair of the
week occurred last night, when Miss
Caroline Ayers, daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. Grosvenor P. Ayers, became the
bride of Denis Searles. The ceremony'
was performed by the Rev. Dr. Clam
pett, at the home of the bride, to which
only relatives and close friends were
bidden.
A pretty bride was Mrs. Searles,
gov.-ned in her wedding robe of white,
enveloped in billows of filmy tulle. And
a pretty maid was Miss May Ayers,
who assisted her sister at the altar.
This service was rendered for the ,
groom by Frank King, and Isaac Up
ham and Hubert Mee officiated as
ribbon bearers. The drawing-room, ,
where the ceremony took place, was
beautiful in its profusion of pink roses ,
and feathery green; in the bay window
an altar had been erected, from which
rose masses of pink blossoms and
twinkling lights. The bride of last
night will be welcomed by the batch- »
elors of the "Hutch" as a charming ac
quisition to their clever coterie, even as
they welcomed Mrs. Augustus Costi
gan, who had lured one of their number
to forsake the ways of bachelorhood,
and incidentally their fireside.
The board of directors will hold a
VheetJng at 4 p. m. to-day at 4S Nevada
block for the purpose of electing per
manent officers.
• The National Industrial Peace Associ
ation has already secured many mem
bers among well-known citizens of this
city. It is Indorsed and subscribed to
by Hon. E. E. Schmitz, Mayor of San
Francisco; Merchants' Association,
Beard of Trade of San Francisco,
Draymen's Association of San Fran
cisco, Archbishop Montgomery of San
Francisco: Rev. George C. Adams. San
Francisco: Rev. Bradford Leavitt, San
Francisco; Rabbi Jacob Voorsanger.
San Francisco; W. D. Huger. National
president United Brotherhood Carpen
ters and Joiners of America, Indianap
olis, Ind.; William H. Berry, past Na
tional president Typographical Union
of America, Portland, Or.; the Oregon
State Federation of Labor, the Central
Labor Council, Washington, and by the
leading labor unions, building trades
councils, employers* associations, man
ufacturers' associations, bar associa
tions, banking houses, boards of trade,
Governors, Mayors. Supreme Court
Judges. City Councils. Boards of Su
pervisors and the leading educational
and professional men of Oregon, Wash
ington and California.
The corporate power of the associa
tion is vested in a board of directors
composed of Rev. George C. Adams,
pastor First Congregational Church:
.George H. Foulks. attorney-at-law;
Clarence C. Baker, M. D.: Rod G.
Guyett. Insurance; A. S. Valleau. pub
lisher; General Theodore Reichert; Xf.
J. Keller, merchant; Marshall A. Frank
¦of- the Pacific Coast Casualty Company
and P. H. Scullin, managing organizer
cf the association.
'r,™ % Dur "P° s « vhich this association Is
.crmed ar*: To secure Industrial peace and
• Just and harmonjous relations be
,7£ ern P lo >er and employ*; to encourage the
settlement of all labor disputes on aa intelligent
business basis through the means of arbitra
tion and conciliation; to brine the opposing
.orces and the pubiic together in an intelligent
cseussscn tit their differences; to conduct mass,
meetings and distribute free economic litera
ture; to endeavor to wcure the enactment at
.me coming pension of the Legislatures of Call
iorr.la. Oregon and Washington of voluntary
arb.tration and conciliation bills for the settle
ment of labor disputes; and. pending the en
actment of such bills, to use Us best efforts
to settle all labor disputes which may be re
ferred to it by requesting employer and em
ployes to continue friendly relations until the
,d.spute can be examint-d and passed upon by
a committee of investigation and arbitration,
which the beard of directors are authorized to
appoint, which committee will follow as near
uf practicable the provisions or the proposed
voluntary arbitration and conciliation bills of
this association; and to do such other things
mating To the foregoing general purposes as
may be deemed expedient.
The National Industrial Peace Asso
ciation is the najie o£ a new organiza
tion that filed papers of incorporation
yesterday in this city. Its aims are set
forth as follows:
Will Try to Have Laws Enact
ed to Insure Pacific Settle
ment of All Labor Disputes
NEW ARBITRATION PLAN
Citizens Seek to Establish Per
manent Basis for Harmony Be
tween Employer and Employe
FORM A PEACE
CORPORATION
THE SAN FRANCISCO* CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 7, 1904.
Miss Caroline Ayers, Daughter of Grosvenor P. Ayers.Weds
Denis Searles, Prominent Young Business Man, Who, as
Member of the*"Hutch" in Sausalito, Is Popular Socially
CHARMING HOME WEDDING
INTERESTS THE SMART SET
7
. • ADVERTISEMENTS. |
¦ . , j
j
. There is only one place in San Fran- j
Cisco where you can get the Electro- >
Chemic Treatment, namely, at the Insti- ¦
tute. 118 Grant ave.. cor. Post st.
Another quick, thorough and inexpen-
sive cure. Read the proof:
I had a bad catarrh of the head, throat, liv-
er, stomach and bowels. Medlcai treatment*
did nw no (rood. Electro-Chemistry cured me
in a lew week*' time, at a very email expense. 1
CAPTAIN* A. W. HOLSTROM. I
2972 Twenty-third st., San Francisco. !
If you suffer from Catarrh. Consump- j
tion. Bronchitis. Asthma, Deafness. ;
Kinging Ears, Cancer, Tumor. Old Sores, !
Rheumatism, Paralysis. Neuralgia, Fe- ¦
male Troubles. Weakness, Nervousness, I
irregularities. Kidney or Bladder Dis- !
cs.se or any Special Disease peculiar to :
' men, come to us for a free consultation
and examination and we will demon-.
Ftrate how this wonderful new
Ch^mic treatment cures cases wi.ioh can-
not ' be cured by the older methods of
medical or electrical treatment. If you
trannot come to our office write a short
. description of your eymptoms and we
w(ll explain how Electro-Chemistry
cur'-s many serious diseases at the pa- >
iient's home. We have separate and pri- !
vate apartments for our male and female :
patients.
JTbe Eleetro-Cliemic Institute, the orig-
inal and only institution of the kind in
San Francisco, is centrally located, at
118 Grant ave., cor. of Post st.
The office hours are 9 a. m. to 5 p. m.,
and 7 to 8 p. m. daily and on Sundays
from 10 a. m- to 1 p. in. - __^_
Puny babies become strong
• and robust babies when fed
on Mellin's Food. Mcllin's
Food gives strength.
You will be clad that you sent for a sample
• of Mellin's Food when you see how eagerly
baby takes it.
¦ MELLIN'S FOOD CO- BOSTON, MASS.
PfllarP DONT FAIL TO
Id law 8CC the. beautiful
- COURT Lounging
flflfl room- tise EMPIRE
""** PARLOR, the
r, « PALM ROOM, the
(irano louis xv par.
UlaUU LOR^ the LA .
nil DIES' WRITING
Hotels roqm -
HOME FOR OLD PEOPLE
. ¦ ThU home for the ared. conducted by tha
Sisters of Mfcrcr. *¦ situated at San IHero,
Cai on UnJVVsJty Heights, overlooking; the
ocean. The climate Is considered the finest In
the world free from extremes of heat or cold.
Aired couples are aUo received. The charges
for a borne for We vary from $1500 uDwaxd,
accortfinc to are and requirements. For farther
information app'r to Bister Superior St. Jo-
~cb'a Easitaricm. Eaa t>iejo. Cat.
APVEttTISEMEinrS. ,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Discounts
on /
Everything.
| & G. GUMP GO.
113 Geary Street.
§11 CLUETT, PEABODY ACO. |||
|||| CLUETT *NB ARROW COLLARS Jpjl
AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE -SPECIAL
TO-NIGHT
At 8:15, and MONDAY AFTERNOON,
January 11, at 2:16.
Positively Farewell Tour.
ADELINA JET-f+1* ± ±±
(THE UARONESS CEDERSTROM.)
Direction ROBERT GRAU, Incorporated.
Management MARCUS R. MATER.
FIG NOR ROMUALDO SAPIO. Conductor.
Prices $2. $2 60, $3. $4. $5 and $«
Seats Now On Sale at the Box Office.
OUT OF TOWN MAIL. ORDERS, accom-
panied by money order and addressed to H. H.
CAMPUKLL, Treasurer Grand Opera-house,
will be filed In the order of their receipt and
seat? assigned as near the desired location as
possible.
STEIN'WA^ PIANO USED.
MATINEE SATURDAY. '
TO-MORROW AND SATURDAY NIGHTS.
Last Two Nights of
JOE KELLY
THE PIPE DREAMER,
In the Bis Musical Cut-up,
The Head Waiters
NEXT SUNDAY MATINEE.
IN CONVICT STRIPES.
A Thrilling Story of Life In South Carolina.
USUAL POPULAR PRICES.
cTthITweek HAPPY ji
w nm v llnl I I rl
fe THE FARCE HOOLIGAN D
N Next Sunday— Miller & Say tor's ftj
L company of comedians, headed by Kj
EK the favorite. JACK CAMPBELL, PI
K In Hoyt's famous Fri*co satire, Kj
U A TRIP TO CHINATOWN, fl
C>iS^gpBL Wl qk m.
BUT II OF-
"S^s ||»'I O LJ»
THEN COMES
"THE BEAUTY SHOP"
A purely local musical comedy,' with every-
thing new to the last.
Includlnsr our . "All Star Cast," and first ap-
pearance of HELENE RUSSELL and
JOHN PEACHY.
. Seats on sale now for two weeks.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
SAME POPULAR PRICES.
Xiffli-ClMS Specialties Every Afternoon
- and Evening 1 in the Thoroughly
Heatad Theater.
TO-NIGHT
GALA AMATtvUK HtRFORMANCE
• ' — Concluding "With
'_ N EW LIVING PICT URE8
BOUNCING BABIES IN THE INFANT IN-
CUBATORS.
ADMISSION .10c | CHILDREN. So
When Phoning Ask for "The Chutes."
AMUSEMENTS.
Mil IIMfilA 3A.1 FMHCISCOJ
Last 3 Nights — Matinee Saturday.
CHARLES FROIIMAN present*
Clyde Fitch's Comedy of Wit and Sentiment^
The Girl With
The Green Eyes
1TEXT SVITSAT NIQHT-— Oa» Tim* Only
AX.BXSTA GAXJJLTX2T In IBSEN'S
"GHOSTS."
SEATS BSAST.
bso. MONnAY ssats how
AIRS.
LANGTRY
Supported by the Imperial Theater Co. of
London, la
MRS. DEEBING'S DIVORCE.
Tl VOLKS5&
M OX1 SB CAXETTTLV*
For this Is the LAST WEEK of the Holiday.
Spectacle,
IXIOINI
A Mythological Musical Extravazanza la
Three Acts.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
BEGINNING MONDAY. JAM. 11.
When Johnny Comes Marching Home
USUAL. POPULAR PRICES— 23c. 50c and 75a
Proscenium and Mezzanine Cox Seats..... $1 00
MATINEE TO-DAY. THURSDAY. JAN. 7.
Parquet, any eeat, 25c; balcony. 10c Chil-
dren,- any part except reserved, 10c.
A BIG, NEW SHOW.
Ilullen and Fuller: Dnrnltrescn. Van
A uken and Vannerson: The s«-
Vans; Charlotte Gayor Georjce: The
Toblns and Orphciun Motion Pic-
tures. Last Times of Deares' Merry
Manikins: Joan linden's Cycle of
Love and Ernest Iloznn and Mottle
Wilkes.
AT /^ A7 AT) Belasco A Mayer.
ALCAZAR ffs.
General Manager.
T0>NXOHT— THIS WXEX OM17,
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
The Picturesque Romantic Play of a Century
Azo,
A I A IW 3 "Does ample credit
L.r\L/ I to the actors and the
*-*. ts stage management,"—
OF
Ol T A I IX V "Very excellent pro-
KgKJrXiLMl I I auction."— Chronicle.
Evgs .. 25c to 75c; Mat. Sat. tt Sun., 13c to 50c
NEXT M0N.— Clyde Fitch's Strongest Play.
THE MOTS III First
AHS ill Alcazar
TSS PU1MB. Ill Production.
Cm^b fi \3 O D 3 rfi^^m* Sdes prop
Market Street. Near Eighth... Phone South 3C3
TO-NIGHT— ALL. THIS WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Jlagntflcent Revival of the King of Sensational
. Dramas,
MONTE CRISTO
The Unrivaled Masterpiece of Alexander Dumas
World Famous Play Staged on Stupendous
Scale, with Splendid Scenery and
Brilliant Cast.
HERSCHEL MAYALL AS EDMOND DANTE8
EUGENIA THAIS LAWTON AS MERCEDES
DDirCC ¦Evenings..* l°c to 80»
rlilvCJ Matlneea 10c, 15c, 25a
Monday. January 11— THE MOONSHINERS.
EVENINGS AT 8:15.
BURTON HOLMES
Magnificently Illustrated Lectures.
COURSE A. — Ycsemlte. Tues.. Jan. 12; Yel-
lowstone. Thurs.. Jan. 14: Grand Canyon. Sat..
Jan. 16; Alaska I. The Fjords, Tues.. Jan. 19}
Alaska II. The Klondike, Thurs.. Jan. 21.
COURSE B.— St. Petersburg. Wed.. Jan. 13:
Moscow, Frl.. Jan. 13; Siberia. Mon.. Jan. 18;
Peking, Wed., Jan. 20; Seoul. Capital of Korea.
cfnirfo n <JpT* Sfllp BEGINS THIS MORNINO
jlUglC JCdl JCLK at Sherman. Hay & Co.s.
RESERVED SEATS, <1. 75c AND SOc
Racing I^^^^Racinri
OAKLAND RACE TRACK
- NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
Commencing January 4.
Racing Each Week Day, Rain or Shine.
Six or More Races Daily.
Races commence at 2:15 p. ra. sharp.
For special trains stopping at the track take
S. P. Ferry, foot of Market street, at 12.
12:30, 1:00. 1:30 or 2 o'clock. No smoking in
last two cars, which art merved for ladles
and their escorts.
Returning trains leave track at 4:10 and
4:45 and immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS. President.
PERCY W. TREAT. Secretary.
Weekly Call, SI per Year
ADVERTISEMENTS. . : , .
10 Cents a Copy. $1.00 a Year
"At Any Price the Best"
. 8. S. McCUJRB COMPANY, 633 LeKinrton Bulldteff. New Tork Ctty. JMen Will Meet in Mechanics' Pavilion Before the Yosemite Club
in Februray on a Day Not Yet Fixed, and Eddie Graney Will
Referee What Promises to Be Sensational Bout of the Year
FEATHER-WEIGHT CHAMPION YIELDS
THE MUCH-MOOTED POUND OF FLESH
YOUNG CORBETT FINALLY AGREES TO BOX JIMMY BRITT AT 1 30 POUNDS
» THE SAX .FRANCISCO /CALL, THURSDAY.' JANUARY ¦'.7, 1904.
.The contest of the will .of .the late
Hannah Edelman, brought by her-Jius
"band, Charles Edelman, was dismissed
yesterday. Attorney Garret McEner
ney, who represented Minnie Whit
moreV daughter of. the deceased "and
sole heir of. her estate under the will,
produced a document bearing: the sig
natures of the decedent and her hus
band, which • settled the ? hopes of the
contestant "and he ; withdrew. iThe
document. was , an" agreement. to sepa
rate and showed that at ¦ the time It
was signed, several months prior to
Mr*. Edelman's death, in- December.
1002, they had divided their property
•with* the understanding that neither
would have a claim on the other's
share. >
Edriman Dismisses Contest.
XEW ORLEANS RACE RESULTS.
NEW ORLEANS/, Jan. 6.— Crescent City
urnmary: - ¦¦ .
First race, air furlonrs — Fort Plain won
King's Charm second. . Cedar -Rapids third.
Time. 1:14 2-5.
Second race., (even furloncs. selling Llnzro
won. Octawaha second. Circus Girl third
Time. 1:2H. - >¦ ¦:
Third race. ' six furlonss— Komombo won
Miss Hume second, Nellie Waddell third. Time,
Koarth race, one and an eighth miles — Tribe's
HIM wen. Lurallehter,. second, Bondace third.
*r*me, 1 :Z>I. ¦ • . - .
Sixth race, one and a. sixteenth miles, seli
inff—Kthel Wheat won. The Messenger second,
Bard of ¦ A\-on third.- • Time.' 1 :fi 4-5. "
Fifth race, five and a half furlongs — Morninz
Star lion. Mad Mullah" second. Dusky third
Time, 1:07 4-5. -¦':-.'
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
214S Center street, Jan. 6.
John Galen Howard, supervising
architect for the University of Califor
nia, having finished the plans for the
new football flejd . on the university
campus, it is settled that the next in
tercollegriate football game will be
played in Berkeley. Permission to. build
the field on the Hillegass tract has been
secured from the Board of Regents and
all that is necessary is the letting of
contracts for the work. The contracts
will' be let by the executive committee
of the Associated Students, the ex
pense of building the field having been
undertaken by the student body. ;
The surveys for the new field j have
just been completed/in accordance with
the plans,' which = a. -field
110x60 yards. This V area is to \ be ? ex
cavated and the material piled around
the-edee of the-, field to make an- em
banlcment. , ." .
: The first cost of the field will be
$20,000. It is intended to excavate only
a portion of the ground and surround
it with a fence. When the whole ; is
excavated >. to . conform v with the '¦' plans
there will be embankments f forty feet
high all around .-the. field..; This, of
course, will cost a- big; sum,- probably.
550,000, and it will . be years , before the
work is finished. . \ '¦/-".¦ . ; .
; Temporary wooden; bleachers -will be
used at first for the embankments, but
in time the '. ground V will harden 5 and
then seats will be cut into the earth
and finished with hard, wood.- Cement
walls will be built also ; to support | the
earth walls.
JURY PASSES CEXSURE
FOR REBSTOCK'S DEATH
PARIS, Jan. 6. —The management
of the international chess tournament
at Monte Carlo announces that the
contest -will be opened February 1.
International Chess Tournament.
Specifications Provide for the
Grounds' to Be Surrounded
by High Earth -Embankment
Awe is the feelins with which one
woman regards another "who wears
imported gowns.
.... Arlsbe (Xapa Stock Farm) 112
Brutus — Annie Buckingham.
5619 H«iry Ach (Schreiber) 115
Wtlla. (Dobson) "2
Klnc Eric — Pearl Moore.
.... Mogresor (Blanchl & Co.) ". 115
McGreror II — Model II.
Onondulum (Miller) 112
\ Ononda^o — Pendulum.
Steel Wire (Stov«r)... 112
The Greek — Rlcardo.
5C19 Peggy O'Neil (Smith) 112
f.'ilf) Salable (Blaslngame)/' 112
Marie J (Jones) 112
Bassetl**- — Mlza.
5619 Storma (Burns & Waterhouse) 112
Third race — Six furlongs; maiden 3-year-olds
and up; sellinz:
54SS Bright Mcon (Garland & Co.) 103
5058 Tonopah (SchtfT) 1C3
.".750 'Candidate (Rowell) 103 I
5ti20 Rionda (Hughes) ...105!
r>CiO Minimum (Snider) 90
5334 So So (Nealon) 105
6420 Wanderllns (Pritchard) 1(M
534S Indina (Stockton Stable) tOf»
4234 Emma Rcubold (Tljfue & Co.) 1C3
, STrtif) "Gene Handlan (Schreiber) 8S,
' W.27 Celebrant (Jennlnss & Co.) 99
5KU Instrument (McAllister & Co.) 10O
B606 "Wistaria (Schorr) 01 '
5380 Reno Belle (Thompson) 1(K
Fourth race— One mile and fifty yards; 4
year-olds and up; selling:
&550 Dr. Bissoll (Hemingray) 1C1
5(U2 *Gawalne (Cotton).. 101
5(522 Marelio (Quintan) 114
5G32 Kl Fonse (Fink).. 114
5618 Flyer (T. II. Ryan) 101
5634 •Kickumbob CWalz) 109
5«52 Hlpponax (Lane) 106
5608 *E1 Orient* (Spiers) 100
531*5 El Pllar (Haskell) .....ICC
5609 Pat Morrlwey (Wellman). 114
5030 Emily Oliver (Clark) " 107
B»« •Chorus Boy (Blakeman) Vio^
Fifth race — Five and one-halt furloujM: 3
year-olds and ud; nurse:
4.T9" Creedmore (Schreiber) ...............1CS
54K5 Hagerdon (Frank) io.%
5312 Money Mus» (Gre«n) loft
4.W2 Letola (Jennings & Co.) 91
ttcr. N'arra G (Gibson) 107
5633 The Don (Rowell) 104
Sixth race — One and one-eishth miles; 4
year-olds and up: selling;:
5387 'Heather Honey (Leach) 9t
5.151 Meehanus (Rector) li:t
MS5 J3iamante (Spiers) .......10«
5387 *Caronal (Cnappell) 102
6331 •Stillcho (Jennings & Co.) 03
•Auprentlce allowance.
PKOBABLE WXZnfSXS.
rixst race — Dundreary, IiMnori*, Rob
ert J.
Second race— Henry Acb. Friae* Bru
tus, Pesrgy O'lTeil.
„ Third race — Celabrwt, Candidate, In
dia a.
Fourth, race— El Foat«, El Orients, Dr.
Blsiell.
r if tli race — Hafferdoa, Xoaey Host,
Iietola.
Sixth raca — Caronal, Stilicho, Heather
Zoaey.
Heavyweights to Contest at Colma on
Tuesday Night — Berber and Sul
livan Also Workine Hard.
The boxing bouts scheduled for this
month are attracting the interest of
ring-goers. On next Tuesday night
Jim Scanlan and Joe. Millet will battle
twenty-five rounds before the Colma
Athletic Club and on the 19th inst Sam
Berger and Joe Sullivan, two clever
amateur heavy-weights, will box four
rdunds in Mechanics' Pavilion under
the auspices of the Lincoln Athletic
CJub.
Scanlan is training at Blanken's Six-
Mile House and Eerger visits him every
afternoon and they box six fast rounds.
Millet and Sullivan are training to
cether at the former's resort near
Colma.
Scanlan and Millet are scheduled to
box at 175 pounds. Scanlan recently
returned from Australia, where he won
the heavy-weight championship. Millet
won the championship of Honolulu and
beat the champion of the British navy
in the Hawaiian Islands.
. Monte Attell, brother of clever Abe,
Is to box Jimmy Carroll, son of the ex
champion lightweight, fifteen rounds as
a preliminary to the Scanlan-Millet
battle. Monte is working at the Hayes
Valley Athletic Club and Carroll is
bfling trained by his father at Blan
ken's.
A special train will leave for Colma
at 7:45 o'clock on the night of the fight.
SCAVLAX AND MILLET
TRAINING FOR BATTLE
Young Corbett yielded to Jimmy Britt
and the inevitable yesterday and agreed
to fight the Califoftnian at the weight
proposed by the latter, 130 pounds at
6 o'clock on the day of contest. The
boxers will meet Jn Mechanics' Pavilion
on a day in February yet to be se
lected and Eddie Graney will referee it.
It was announced that the fighters'
share of the purse will be divided 65
per cent to the winner and 25 per cent
to the loser.
When the boxers , parted on Tuesday
night it seemed neither would yield and
that the fight would not take place.
They met by appointment at the Palace
Grill yesterday morning and discussed
the fight in a desultory' fashion at
luncheon, but reached no conclusion.
They met again at Harry Corbett's at
6 o'clock. They retired to a private
room and reappeared in a few minutes
and announced that the match was
made. .
Negotiations must now be opened
with Manager Coffroth of the Yosemite
Club. The latter has been allowing the
boxers 50 per . cent of- the gross re
ceipts in the past, but Britt and Cor
bett apparently expect a better offer
than this. - li?-v£
Corbett received a" substantial bonus
in his fight with Hanlon. Britt con
tends that he is equally as strong a
drawing card as "Corbett and if there
Is a bonus he will expect his share of
it. " The boxers will j surely draw the
record house for men -of -their weight,
some placing the figures as high as
$30,000. This would mean about 510,000
to the winner and $5000 to the loser.
The fight promises to be a great bet
ting affair and already predictions are
made that Corbett will be a slight favo
rite. The measurements of the men
taken before their latest fights show
Corbett is larger than Britt except as
to height and reach. Corbett has filled
out noticeably since be first came to
this coast.
Both boxers will settle down to light
training at once. Corbett at the Beach
Tavern with Tim McGrath. the veteran
trainer in command, and Britt at Ala
meda.
Britt will be at a great disadvan
tage. He will enter the ring at a low
weight and will have no reserve flesh
to lose. .Corbett will, be -slightly above
himself and will have" a leeway of at
least five pounds.
Entries and Weights for the Event to
Be Run Saturday.
FAIiliANSBEE HANDICAP.
The following are the weights for the
Follansbee handicap, at seven furlongs,,
to be run at Oakland on Saturday:
Shotsun ' .140 Mexlcanna 10S
S^ b *::::^^rBeck •::::::!
sF •:::::::::lItl^ r Se M dV^"lo 1 7
K -:::::!
f^at"^!-:::^^^"?:.::::::::^
R M Braiiain . . . . {20 noma!» e 10S
V- arte 120 Joe John 1C.>
rrim»an ijn Gawaine W5
XX .nn. Lecturer 105
Th river ll!> Captain Forsee ....104
Tenets K"£lS Stlllcho 104
t tf «?- Mund lis' Lady Kent 104
M»rtlnmaa nsi Blumenthal 104
nSS^SS^ ¦¦¦:::::its KKJPtian Prlnces S ..10::
Fvea G U7 KstoJ ' L!st0 102
19 G • J}- St. George 102
PJy'iyt llfi' Kbony 102
.-••••^
ffiSSST \£k§58& S ei ? v^ :::::: l n {
e&^::::::^l=Bo^:::::
•'f-^ C " ll) i{l El Bernardo ......100
The Don .114 D Barry ]ft0
r o onel \an 114 Al , dlnas f IC0
Pv t6 n p'nVe ill Creole Jim 100
Rjron Rose "*) Waterspout 100
MpirirV "qi Andrew r>. Cook ..100
M^vWin ;l« ! HuBh McGowan ...100
Tom Maybin JJ:;,Avenper ..100
Dainty ....il.r Th Bup-aboo ..... no
Daisy Green :1W Et Tu Brute
Bajklylte IIS Tnstruetor ».S
A lfr « do • • • "^ Silent Water ns
"" "f r ••••••••-••{{ » j Ubbie Cand,id . : ... B7
Sidonia JJ'»lAnlrad ?)7
Isarra G ..........112 W hoa Bill ..07
? r , ont^ ;••'••• }H Lord Wads worth... 07
Introductor 11? Masedo . 1)7
lllowaho 112 Felipe T.xjfro '.'.'.'.'.'. VQ
2™ 11 ,,- '"Ho Ke »craves 9.".
The Fos .. ....U? Chnpel n5
Maprane 112 nuke of Richmond! W.
Bearcatcher 110 riay Ball ........ nr,
Nonie 110 PrpsMio , n3
Don-Domo 110 Selma m
Watercure no Maxetta ni-
Dlck Turpin If 9 T^Sute~S $
Futurita ..^ ;.im Kthel Abbott is
?2Z l J n * r t ' ' -1SS Florlana Bell ....'. nn
J^r.t hot 1W» Abydoa ar
b «" • • • • • 109 Dusty Miller $=~i SH
Diderot^ IPS T. J. Cox ... . .... 93
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 6.— Three fa
vorites, two second choices and one
third choice won at Ascot this after
noon, and the public quit v/inner on
the day. The first race, at a mile, went
to the prohibitive favorite, Lemco, with
Ulm second and Sharpless third. The
second was a "hurdle race at a mile
and a quarter. Charawind was made
favorite, with Poorlands a second
choice. The latter won easily, Chara
wind finishing second and Limber Jim
third.
Scl.reiber's Eugenie B took the third
number, a six-furlong, selling race, in
easy fashion from Ellie. Neko was
third. The handicap, at seven furlongs,
went to M. F. Tarpey, at odds of 4 to 1,
which led all the way; Rag: Tae second,
Bragg third. Blissful, at 7 to u, walked
away with the fifth race," over th.3 short
six-furlong course. The Gold Finder
was second and Thisbe third.
The last race, at a mile, was won by
Merwan at 8 to 1. Discus was second
and PlatontuB third. The weather was
fine, track good.
SUMMARY.
First race, one ' mile, selling — Lemco, 101
(Rcdffrn), 1 to .'5. won; Ulm. 10S (Mountain).
8 to 1. second: Bliarpless, 111 (Blrkenruth), 8
to 1. third. Time, 1:43>£. Ledaea, Lurdac.
Dr. Worth and Maud M also ran.
Herbert, the jockey on Maud M, fell off
shortly after the start.
Second race, one and a quarter miles, over
five hurdles — Pcorlands, 1C5 (McMahon). 9 to
5, won; Charawlnd, 16C (McIIugh), 8 to 5, sec
ond; Limber Jim, 145 (T. Murphy), 3 to 1,
third. Time, 2:19. Indian II, Martin Brady
and Flourish also ran.
Third race, six furlongn, selling — Eugene E.
1C2 <E. Walsh), 4 to 5, won; Kile, 107 (Birk
enruth), C to 1, second; Xeko, 100 (J. Booker).
5 to 1, third. Time, 1:14?4. Poxy Grandpa,
Annie Robinson, Columbia Girl, Picture and
Louise Meining; also ran.
Fourth 'race, handicap, seven furlongs — M. F.
Tarpcy, J03 (Rcdfern), 3 to 1, won; Rag Tatr.
101 (L. Spencer), 8 to 5, second; Bragg-. 112
(Ransch), 3 to 1. third. Time, l:27*i. Kvea
G, Dolly Hayman and Callant also ran.-
Fifth race, selling, Slauson course — Blissful.
94 (Slnnott), 7 to 6, won; The Gold Finder, 100
(E. Walsh), 3 to 1. second; Thisbee, 105 (J.
Lewis). 5 to 2, third. Time. lrlO^i. Andrat
tus, Agnes Mack, Montana Peeress, Headwater
and Pilot also ran.
Sixth race, one mile, selling — Merwan. 1C5
<J. Lewis), G to 1. won; Discus. 104 (Redfern),
even, second: Platonius. 103 fSinnotO. 20 to 1,
third. Time, 1:44. Egg Nogs, Louwelsea,
Camulos and Gold One alro ran.
FOOTBALL OVAL
PLANS MATURE
Seventy-six greyhounds will go to the
slips at Union Coursing Park this week
in the open stake. The total prize
money will be $800. The stake will be
run in its entirety on Sunday. The first
bra<--e <if doss v.ill start upon the ar
rival of the 10:15 a. m. train. The draw
last nicht resulted as follows:
Maid of Gowrle rs. Gunpowder; E&silake vs.
fKa Iron^idrs; Troublesome v?. Oubanola: Sir
Pasha ft*. FrnnroTiius: Northern Express vs.
< »jr Motto: May Connolly vf. Theima; Confu
sion vs. Concord Tralee; Racing Auto vs.
Mfneg8<3«> Ar>*che: Melltnwood ve. America;
Texas Jim vs. The Referee: Red Rock vs.
Colored Lady; Lily Wrijrht vs. J E H; Texas
Hoo Hon vf. Free Fro:n Flaw; Black Boy vs.
<>jTic: Orsina vs=. LiUc; Van Xcra vs. Kittle
roan; Masic Stuff vs. Haughty Helen; Brica
brac v«. Emin IJpy; Flora Temole r» Ad
i»tnce Guard: Pefr Melntyre vs. Ruby Au
ror*: Charter Member ve. Xiobe; Vandal vs.
•"harming Thoucht; Fontl ve. Anchor; Hap
hazard vs. Trale* Boy; Liberator vs. Gambit;
Gllmore G2rl ok ilelrose; Ba'.end'.ne vs. Moun
tain Poet: Pepper Hill vs. Ruby Sankey; Reck
less Aorocat vs. Bnlusra; Barye TO, Fair Tra
lf. ilcHer.ry vs. Krank; Mount Rose vs. BO*
ver Cloud; Kair Glen vs. Shadow; Clarice vs.
Arple Blossom; SnaDDer Garrison ve. Preclta
Maid: Ileta S r«. Nora O'Do-wd: Master Wuh
inrtoa vt. Henrietta; lone Hill vs. Rocker
Arm.
The Bay Daughter of Ducat
Is Installed Favorite and
Beats Ulm and Sharpless
COURSERS MEET
IN OPEN EVENT
Seventy-Six Greyhounds "Will
Compete at Union Park on
Sundav for Valuable Prizes
LEMCO SCORES
FOR CORRIGAN
From present indications, the ama
teur boxing game, in this city may soon
pass out of existence.yit has gone so
far within the last' year, or more that
the members of the board of govern
ors of the Pacific •Association are be
ginning to look, upon the sport as a
professional pursuit and, therefore, not
worthy to be included within the sphere
of amateur pastimes. ¦
. At a meeting of the registration com
mittee. Held last evening, Secretary
Herbert Hauser of. the association
wrote' a letter to Supervisor Boxton,
chairman of the police committee of
the,»board, calling his attention to the
fact that amateur bouts should all take
place in the arena or clubrooms of
the club under whose auspices the
fights are held and, in strict accordance
with the law, permits should not be
issued to clubs giving exhibitions at
other places. fi
Just what the Supervisors will do in
regard to the matter is yet a question,
but should they decide to carry out the
law to the letter, it will practically
spoil the amateur fighting game in this
city. There is only- one club at the
present time which holds its exhibitions
at its clubrooms, all the others rent
ing the annex to the Mechanics' Pavil
ion for the purpose.
The officers of the Pacific Athletic
Association have been opposed to the
amateur prize fights for a long time,
but they have been powerless to inter
fere. It can safely be said that fully
95, per. cent of all fighters who pose as
amateurs are really out for the coin,
and fight for medals which are re
deemed for a certain sum of money.
A. M. Stone, who is acting for the
amateur association in the Northwest,
reports that several prominent athletic
organizations in that section of the
country are anxious to join the Pacific
Athletic Association and are willing to
come in at a moment's notice. Among
the clubs that are eligible are the Uni
versity of Washington, Pullman Col
lege, Spokane Athletic Club. Seattle
Athletic Club, the Y. M. C. A. and
several smaller institutions.
Much interest is being manifested in
the coming basket-ball tournament,
which will soon be . held in this city.
About eight teams will contest for a
valuable trophy, including the Y. M.
C A.. St. Ignatius College, Occidental
Athletic Club and the University ,of
California.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
OAPAITO EACETBACgr-WEDyESDAV, .an. g.-Weather fine. Track fast.
5648. FIRST RACE-Futiirity course; selling; S-year-oM. and up: value to flrst. 1323.
Infesl Horse and Ow'^ jwIjsTTTU. %¦ Str. Fin. 1 J^^L-S ¦ —
8428 Our Prido. 5 (Howe Stable).. ItMl S •-. 5«»14«J * * '*£" TV.Van'f "O »>
5434 Theron. 5 (P. McAuliffe). ...11141 4 ... 4 »i .*! 1 3 h 2 h \V. JJ
55a4 Sir Preston 4 (J. Hunter). .1110! 5 ... 2h 2^2n 3h Connell ... -J J
5504 IWaterpower. 5 (H. Stover*. .11171 2 ... In In 1MJS „ omW'h" 15 2«
5522 iMyrtle H. 5 (Mrs. Hertzell). .UOTiU ... 7h 6 2 5 « j 5 - H S^nl tru. -
5301 iTeufel. 5 (W. P. Maprane). .IIOO'IO ...102101 71 R2 » n «,
r^-vlG Amorura. 4 <P. McGulre). .. .11031 6 ... 3 1 4n fil 7^ nreenfleld. j" t,"
T.422 tOaTvalne. 6 (W. E. Cotton). .11141 1 ... 8 n 8 Vj 8 I » 2 Hoar ' *" -"
W40 iDr. Phprtnan. 6 (M. L. Whlte)IU«! 7 ... 9 .". 7 1 » 2 » 2 j^.""" '— t J ig
5.^2 iDol, Vista, a (McK-nzie). ....11121 !> ... 11 2 It 2 10 2 1ft 1 Kunz |» -^
4222 ICIsrlnette. 4 (H. J. Jone*). .|10S!l2 ...12 12 11 3 11 4- Ot » ;;;•••• '*J ,i
6570 iMary Dunn. 3 (Bender & Co.).| 03! 3 ... 6 1 9 1 12 12 ™ vEnL" SO "ft
S548 iPruewood. 6 (J. McAle 3 ter)...|H2S« [McKinnon . *O -"
Time— :25. :50. 1:11=5;. At post 3 mimics. Off at 2: /5. Pride, place _2: »bow. ro ";
Placp 20: 8 how. 10. Preston, show, 7-5. Winner, b. b. br Du " <le 'l- Ou I,,? e^ r , 1 ,T r i!" e<1 W pM
C. Edwards. Start bad. Won cleverly. Next three driving hard. Our , w *?_ w r '"
rated and won cleverly the last part. Theron was a docker's tip. Sir Pr « sto " * f 1^?
Improvement. Waterpower Is thick-winded nnd jrave it ud. tV Kb (rood handlinz Myr
tle H "mlijht have won. Too short for Gawaine. Dr. Sherman had worked fast. Clar
inette a warm tip. *Left. „'--__- -.,. ,-, ,-.,,-._r.r-. l - l --- 1 - 1 - '-'-'-'-' '- '"' * ~' '*' •' •
5G43. SECOXD RACE— Six furlonsa: selling; 3-year-olda and bp; value to first. $325.
Index I Horse .and Owner. IWttSt. >;. li- ?t- Str. Fin. I Jockey. [ Op. Cl.
C55"l2VSfld Sim. 6 (H. Green) llOS! 1 ... 15 14 14 1 2 Vj\ Sherwood .| 1 9-V*
(.v»47)iThe Michtv. 3 (Ferguson).... 1101 1 4 ... 2n 2 4 2 4 2 7 M. Martin.. J ]J
5%f>« iMlmo 4 (P. Sheridan) ' Ml 3 ... 3n 3h 3n 2 5 Kunz I|> VS
M46 l*Th» Foar. 4 (W. P.. Sink Jr.)U1fil « ... B B « 4 *¦ Bullman .. 2 ,7
(r.SS4)!r>. Warner. 5 (J. McAllist«r).ilO2l R ... 4h 5 4 4 1 5 5 T<arsen ....I 1f» 12
(S504)iSter. Towers. 5 (Stockton Sta)!104| 2 ... 53 4n 51 6 IHaack 1 50 10O
Tlm»— :2.1 :4fiV, l:12'i. At post 1 minute. Off at 2:37. Sam. place. 1-3: show cut.
Miffhty. place. 5-2: show 4-5. Mimo. show. 1. Winner, eh. r. by Kancocas-Heeley.
Trained by E. GetcheU. ' Scratched— Pierce J. Virginia T^y. Telephon*. Elliott. >.er
vator. Colonel Van. Start rood. Won easily. Second driving- hard. Third easJlv. Sam
had speed to lend at Interest. The Mighty stood a Ion*, hard, fruitless drive. The- For
possessed as much speed as a grrawhopper has Louis Wagner showed to n»
advantage. *Los Angeles Index (5519). ,,,-,,-,,_,,-, — —
5G44. THIRD RACE — Futurity course; selling:: 3-year-olds and up: value to first. SS25.
Index ! ' Horse and Owner. fwtiSt. V* . W- %• gtr. Fin. \ Jockey. I Op. Cl.
5451 iMocorlto a (T. Wellmar). . .11151 1 ... 3 h 3 «; t n 1 T-i [.T. Martin. .j 8.1 9-10
KPC« IPure Dale 4 (Thomas & Co.).!lOSI 4 ... 1 H,l 1 2h 21 lT,<»rs»n 12 1?
(.-».V?4)iTloma!ne "4 (Murry & r o .)..ll(»l 2 ... 4«j:t S1»i.-5 4 IWrtght » 1«»
5K« iBrennus," 4 (P. .Ti-dsre g~ Co.). .11131 6 ... 2h 4 2 4 5 4 2^'See * It
5540 iRInaldo a (SlsWyou Stable). IH^f R ... »h «n 74 51 iHoar IM> M
1S14 lArgot. 6 (J. Y Rich) Ilifl 0 ... 8 1 R2 5n «fi IBell f 20 1.1
5470 iDorice 3 (B. : P"hrelber) HOSJ 7 ... 7 2 7h <"• 1 7 2Va ! Bunw I 7 10
iDandie Belle. -6 (Winter &Co.)!ll?! 5 ... «2 S5 85 87 !T.. Jaekson.l 30 4ft
1«)9 I Beautiful BUI 6 (Morehouse).!i17il1 ...10 4 B4 J>1 fln iFrowen ...I m i«v>
5KB« I Hellas. 4 (J. Creelv) ,..I113!1O ... 11 10 4 10 4 10 5 IHaack ....I in. ?5
taifU 'Wyoming a (G. Berry) 1114112 ... 11 It 11 11 iRullman ..I 8 13
(559S>!Choru3 Boy, a (Blakeman). . .|11"! 3 . . -__5_% _^ ; • ¦ ..- lOtia > 7 9
Time — :24',i. :50. l:lt. At post Off nt 3:03. Mocorito. place. 1-2: show. 1-4.
Dale, place. 5; show. 5-2. Romaine. show. 2. Wlnnpr. ch. m. by Amigo-Santa Monica.
Trained hv. O. Wontworth. Scratched — Blackthorn. Start frond. Won easily. Second
easily Third 'driving hard. Early In the game it looked dubious for the favorite, but
the pacemakers tired. Pure Da'e ran to form. Frennus Is not jrame. Argot was fan
cied some and may Improve. Dorlce a "mudder." Chorus Boy fell on far turn. Hellas
oft poorly. *Fell.
5«4' T . FOURTH RACE — One and a sixteenth miles: hndep.: 3-yr.-oIds * ur>: to first. $S0O.
Indexl Horse and Owner. IWtiSt. M . \^. %. Str. Fin. ! Jockey. | OjT cT.
Sfi^J 'lOur Bessie. 4 (Newman) ! »0! fi r» 3«;3 h 3 1 3 2^1 ns U. T. Shehn' « *
BStn Inainty. i (W. B. .T»nnings). .1101! 3 2 1 U2 1 2 2 13 2 1 '.T. Martin...! *-S ?.-•>
.V.PT tFaulconbridpf. 4 (Houseman). Uf.7! 4 12 1lln2n .". 2'i'T^irBen I 9-S 11-S
t RB2R IHoratius. 4 f.T. J. McAlester). !1C«I 1 3 l',J4 1 4 »i 1 t 4 h IButjs I 5 n
KMR lOrafter. 6 (Blasingam- *• Co.)'inr.! 2 « « B « r. n !R*11 1 2«> Til*
R5PS 'L^cv Crawford.' 4 (Sehrelber). 1 iH>I .*» 4 h 5 2 R S 5 Vj H !Kunz I 2«> •"»
Time— :24. :49>J. 1:15. l:.T9»i .. 1 :1«. ' At post 2 minute<». OfT at 3.20. Ees«i«-. place. 5-2:
show, 4-5. Dainty, place. 1t-?0: show. out. Fau!con*ridp<*. show. out. Winner, br. m.
h\- lord Da!m<"ny-Bessie B'sland. Trained by H. F. Newman. Scratched— Namtor.
Start rood. Won in a hard drive of three. Martin on Dainty had the rac«» in hand,
eased ur> slightly and was caught napping. I^rsen on Faulconh-idgf took matter* ton
easy. His mount was only galloping: when Dainty ran by him. Horatius has gone back
some.
u«46. FIFTH RACE^ — Six and a half furlongs: purs*; three-year-olds; value to first. f"CS.
Index i i Horse ard Owner. IWt^St. V*. 'i. *i. Str. Fin. I Jockey. ,j Op. Cl.
(5.VS<?)!Ropkawav (Bums * W.) JIISI 5 ft 2 5 % 4 n 2 1»J1 h jBell 1 4-5 1
.¦WJ.1 iMilitary ilan (T. Ferguson^, .11121 1 1 H 3 2 .T n 3 T 2 2UfJ. Martin...! 5 7
fW.*: iDr. Row»ll (Blasinsrame & Co.)iH2l 3 2 1 t « 1 'i 1 h 3 ¦'» IHo»- f 12 y>
RS71 I.Tud^e <M. J. Daly) 11151 4 SI « 2Vi« 5 5 4 4 7 t.T. J">aJv f • J» . •>
M44 tPachuca (Xapa Stock JTarm> . .tlOO! 7 7 7 .7 7 S! la Bullmant 4O 1W»
(5400) !"F. E. Fhaw (W. B. Rink Jr.)IU2I 2 3 n 4 »4 5 2 « 3 6 n iBullman .A 3 7
JT.571 lOtto Stlfel (B. Schreibor) [112! 6 41 in 21 4n 7 [Bums ! 4 13-2
Time— :24. :4S. 1:13U. 1:20. At post 3 minutes. Off at S:5«U. Rockaway. place. 2-5:
fhow 1-10. Man.. place. 8-5; show. 3-5. Rowell. show. 3. Winner, ch. r. bv Altama-t-
Recreatlon. Trained by C T. Patterson. Start good. Won In a driv# of thr«". *ljO9
Angeles index (3541). Bell rode a- well-timed race on winner. Mtlitary Man held pti
ramely. proving a hard not to crack. Dr. Rowel! regained hi* f^ed. Judge run do
better In Ihe mud. F. K. Stiaw lost his speed check on wav back from Los Angelea.
Suitable reward If found_ bef ore _next_ "tart^ _ ?t?_ - S l ! _"l _ < l - nlt
5(U7. SIXTH RACE— One mile and fifty yards: ssllingr: 3-yfar-oIda and up; to first, <.*X3.
Index! Horse and Owner. tWtjSt. H. *j. ?4- Str. Fin. J Jockey, j Op. CT.
WllTlAverger 3 (J." F. Schorr) I SOI 3 11 11 1 2'.it 5 1 2ti!P.eed T' 11-3
W=2O iMar'.in. A (Bender *: Co.) I »5 4 3h .".n K5 2n 2 4 lOMphant .. IS 7
f»T>»4 lOptimo. 5 (D. F. B!»fceinan>..l1C5 2 2 1 S 1 2 1M* v^ 3 * IBots T '--15
5B?5 iModlctim. 4 (D. S. Fountain). llftt 5 4h 4n 3n 4G 4« |r>ll I 1 7.10
.V?77 'Fill* d'Or. a (G. D. Klnyon).! P5I 1 R R R fi 5 =i !W. Daly... 1 40 10O
54BC I Royalty. '» (H. Green) llOOl * 5 5 5 6 4h 5 3 6 ILarten f * i,y>
Time— :2m. ;&W. JtilMfi l:40Vi. l:43ti. At post % minute. Off at 4:25. Avenger, place.
7-3- show. 3-5. Marlin. place. 2: show.\3-5. Optimo, nhow. 1. Wirner. b. c. by Re
quital-Mndelaine. Trained by J. F. Schorr. Scratched — Nigrette. Start good TVort
easily. Second handHy. Third easily. Avenger won llk» a rea! racehnrs«. Mar?1i
showed improvement. Ortlmo ran a good race. Modicum waa bumped on first turn,
and besides has rickety underpinning. Royalty ran a bad race.
All Clubs May Be Compelled
to Hold Entertainments in
Their Separate Clubrooms
Eighteen-year-old William Reb
stock's death from a fractured skull
was the subject of one of the inquests
held yesterday by Coroner Leland. The
lad was employed by Tillmann & Ben
del as a helper in their warehouse, at
the • corner of Pacific and Battery'
streets, and on December. 31 while
cleaning a window onthe third story
he fell from the sill to the sidewalk
and received injuries from which he
died on January 2 in the French Hos
pital.:.;;: :¦; '¦- y : ':¦¦¦¦¦' ¦ > ' : ¦
:¦>¦ The principal witness, Miss N. Wet
terquist, testified that • the boy was
standing on the window sill on -the
outside, -the "being closed,
and that when she went to open
it for the purpose of letting i him
in. she saw, him .roll his eyes' as
though taken with a spell of dizziness
and. immediately fall..
-The »1ury returned a verdict .that
death was caused "by, fall from the
third-story window from building on
. the : corner ~_of .:; Pacific and ' Battery
streets, .while. employed by Tillmann &.
Bendel. ; While :: from ;the . evidence we
are:! unable to," accurately determine
the exact manner of the accident, we
feel 1 * that, from the fact of the window
having become completely closed," pre
venting 1 the return 'of the boy, and also
preventing any hold . for hinvfrom his
position on ; the outside" of ; the window,
that "more ; care .should : ; have 'been -ex
ercised to prevent such an aco.idpnt"
Blame for Exposing Him in a
Perilous Position.
They Say That Somebody Was to
' When a rider makes a costly mistake
he is loath to admit it, but Jack Martin
made no bones about acknowledging
that his carelessness or overconfidence,
whichever one chooses to call it, lost
the handicap for Dainty yesterday at
Oakland.
• The race was over one" and a six
teenth miles and was wbrth 5800 to the
winner. Dainty fell heir to 101 pounds
and Walter Jennings and his frienus
unlimbered, the odds dropping from lYz
to 3 to 2 in no time. Faulconbridge _wa>
the only one figured likely to be dan-
At the start Larsen, on the latter
horse, jumped away in the lead, and
his mount was only nodding to the
bpnd for home. There Jack Martin
made his move with Dainty, taking the
lead before Larsen became aware 01
the fact. At the paddock, the Jennings
mare looked a 1 to 10 shot, and Jack
probably thought it would be a shame
to win too far off.
DAINTY- IS EASED UP.
He eased the first choice up just as
J. T. Sheehan, astride our Bessie
working overtime to get up. The iexas
mare responded and Martin quJcWy
discovered his mistake. It wastoolate
though, for . Our Bessie was awarded
the decision by a nose Faulconbridge
finished a length farther "fay. The
time, 1:46, marks an excellent perform
ai Favorites again scored a stand off,
capturing three of. the six events run.
A fetching looking card drew a large
attendance. .;,-_Vi
Sad Sam, the "jungle rattler
equaled the California record^ of
1:12 1-2 for six furlongs, in the second
number. He was ridden by the ap
prentice Sherwood and was a » ™ ,™
favorite and won all the way. Martin,
on The Mighty, made a vain, effort -to
catch the half-breed sprinter, finis n |"S
nearly three lengths to the bad at the
wire. The presence of the winner
frightened all out of the race but five.
Harry Stover's big wind-touched
horse, Waterpower, ruled favorite for
the introductory scramble, with a field
of thirteen going to the post. He led
Sir Preston to the paddock, and then,
hoisting distress signals, finished
fourth. Bell brought the 5 to 1 chance,
Our Pride, from behind, winning by a
length. Theron. a 60 to 1 shot, beat Sir
Preston a head fo.r the place. %
MOCORITO BEATS PURE DALE.
Speculators accepted a short price
about Mocorito, favorite for the second
Futurity course sprint. Notwithstand
ing that she carried ,115 pounds, her
odds were pounded down to 9 to 10. In
a wild drive Jack Martin landed the
mare "winner over Pure Dale by half
a length. Romaine, always prominent,
ran a close third.
Rockaway, the Burns and "Water
house crack, with Bell in the saddle,
made it three straight by downing a
shifty field of , three-year-olds . at six
and one-half furlongs. Even money
was the prevailing price against the
colt.
Away from the barrier fifth Bell
gradually worked his way through the
bunch and soon had the pacemaker,
Dr. Rowell, in difficulties. The latter
tired, when Military Man loomed up
as a dangerous customer, the favorite
finally squelching his ambitions in a
head finish. Judge finished fourth, be
hird Dr. Rowel!. «
Dell Fountain's Modicum was a siz
zling hot favorite for the last event, a
mile and fifty yard selling affair. The
gelding has uncertain underpinning and
did not finish among me first three.
Avenger, a 90-pounder, and 0Y3 and 6
to 1 in the ring, made a runaway race
of it, reaching the wire more than two
lengths in advance of Marlin. Optimo
was an indifferent third.
XOTES OP'THE TRACK.
Bell was the only rider to pilot two
winners.
While Jack Martin's mistake on
Dainty \Vas a costly one for the mare's
backers Jack is entitled to some credit
for not being there with an apology. He
acknowledged frankly that,* the race
was thrown away.
Two thirds of the gunners who sit on
the fence in the mornings had a bat on
Clarinette to win the first event.
W. Coleman, who rode Teufel, was
extended the courtesies of the grounds
for three days because of breaking
through the barrier. . X .
. After the disgustingly bad showing
made by F. E. Shaw, Jockey John Bull
man was wrathy. Bullman also rode
The Fog and said that he Intended to
lay the matter before the judges. Even
money was obtainable against Sad Sam
because it was thought The Fog might
¦ carrv him the first part of the race and
he would "dog" it. The Fog ran as if
his noonday meal had consisted of
homemade' doughnuts, mash,
cannon balls and ocean water. Willie ,
Sink* told Bullman to win as far off as
he could with F. E. Shaw. Bullman'a
sense of wit is not as keen' as it might
be, and he tried to follow out instruc
tions. After running a panel or two
Shaw stopped so suddenly that Bull
man nearly rode himself off the three
year-old's back. The owner of Money j
Muss was suspended because of having
started his horse "short," and it looks
as if an explanation is due in these two
cases mentioned. The odds against
both The Fog and F. E. Shaw went
back in the ring, and It is difficult to
prognosticate what the quotations
would have been if betting had con
tinued.longer.
" . The sr>ecial | train" for the ¦ city will
leave the track hereafter at 4:10 instead
Of 4:15 o'clock. .
Jockey Frank Otis met with anaccl
dent in the third race that will keep
him out of; the saddle for a time. He
had the mount on Chorus Boy and. just
before the far turn was reached, the
horse anparently crossed his legs and
fell. A* small gash was cut * in the
scalp behind the rider's left ear and
there" was a slight depression of the
skull. He was removed to Fabiola Hos
pital for treatment.
Twenty-five books again cutin yes
terday. * •-.. • ' - , .
On Thursday evening. January 14.
Fred II. Chase & Co. will sell at their
salesyard, 1732 Market street, the final
consignment of high-class standard
bred colts,' fillies and brood mares bred
at the famous ; Palo : Alto stock farm.
Some other excellent stock jWill also be
disposed of on the same evening.
GENTRIES FOR TO-DAYr "
First race— Sis furlongs: - maiden 3-year-oIda
and upward; Fellins:
4544 Ciacko (Levy) .103
'BCM) Road Agent <T. H. ,Ryan). ..;... 105
G255 •Lamorie (Blasingame) .85
44DS Joe John (Lane) . . . .105
:¦¦ Robert " J - ( Murry ) ; 105
¦r>450»Mae« Scott 'Carroll). ....... 83
5412 Petrclla (Knight) .....la:
55S7 Virginia Bey (Winter &"Co.) 93
- SfiKl l.ibervale (McCarthy) «r,
. tUSS Dr. Birdsall «1 (McConnell) W
5505' Stlmy j (Hooper) .;...........:.. . .- M
'-. MCi" Dundreary * ( Burns ' & ¦- Waterhouse) .". . . 1 00
;¦ 54SS '•Theodora L' (Smith).'. ... . . . .'. : . . . . . .101'
5KU Batidor (Fine).. . ; . ..105
. r,S?econd race — Three and one-half furlongs; 2
year-oids; purse:: \ . ' . ¦'- .-:-. s
. 5619 Prince Brutus (•Tameron)........' ,115
SUPERVISORS ARE NOTIFIED
Contests Are . Said to Be of
a Professional Nature and
a Detriment to the Sport
MAY ELIMINATE
AMATEUR BOUTS
OUR BESSIE DEFEATS DAINTY A NOSE,
OWING TO CARELESSNESS OF J. MARTIN
Speedy Sad Sam Equals the California Record for Six Fudongs.
Chorus Boy Falls in a Race and Jockey Otis Is Injured.
Rockaway With Bell in the Saddle Disposes of Military Man
8
• ADVERTISEMENTS.
¦NEVER RESTElifefi ;
To be tired out from hard work or bodily : /^7ni^s8p MfflM;
exercise is natural and rest is the remedy, but \/IiWk*.
there is an exhaustion without physical exer- y^\^^5p^}-/^jP^M^
tion and a tired, never-rested feeling — a weari- i^^^/^^jf|"^.J,
ness vdthont work that is unnatural and-shows :' Pk. $ i?; 1
some serious disorder is threatening the health. One of the chief causes of
that "Always-tired, never-rested condition" is impure blood and bad circu- "
lation. Unless the body is nourished with rich, ptfre blood there is lack of
nervous force, the mus- _ / '
rle«; hrmmo-arM^ tWdi For over four years I Buffered with general debility.
Cies pecome weak, tne dl- causing a thorough breaking down of my system. My
gestion impaired, and cousm. who had been benefited by S. B. S., told m»
general disorder occurs -gSSfc, \^% 9 & SSttj'Sil i^SSSW:
throughout 'the System . thoroughly good blood tonic. Yours truly.
Debility, insomnia, ner- 44T7.NinthSt.,Coln I n^T J e ( S BA - BElft>AIN -
vousness, indigestion,
dyspepsia, loss of appetite, strength and energy, and the hundreds of little
>*w ailments we often have are due directly to a bad con-
r^S TON (Ol dition of the blood and circulation, and the quickest
V^^ Vn^w %^V wa y to get rid of them is by purifying and building
g-vj up the blood, and for this purpose no ren^y equals
¦^¦^.-¦^^¦¦"¦-^^ S. S. S., which, contains the best ingredients for
cleansing the blood and*toning"up the system. It is a vegetable blood purifier
and tonic combined; that enriches the blood, and through, it the entire system
is nourished and refreshing sleep comes to the tired, never-rested, body.
THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA, GA,
j
I Men Cured i
k — -^^W)fc Quickly and in a I
a _rj(S^f^^^Jt thorouphly scien- B
a /i&ffijjr*^*^. ' ific rri * vr '* r - I
1 W?£ jS~^(2 Varicocele. |
B IT> t / ' ' Contracted |
¦ •\SJI- i^i DUordem, I
1 '^ukfV4«?*«** Specific . §
I) Blood Poiioa. n
iKJ^SfflB Stricture i
¦ /Vv. / y*\ V" V I have treated j
J V^-j.---fV \ \ and j curefl more ¦ I
lSj7 \-^* cases of men's I I
_ ' L Z^*.--.*- diseases than any R
- OB. O. C. JOSIiZSZT, pi-jgidan in the S
H The l^eadlar Ppecmlist. west. H
¦ Send for my Damp!i!et. "IJve AH - H
m r Tcur Tear* n Man." Mailed free. . p
K Z vSex you cszes tSiat are eroar- D
!** tetC to lie permanent for. fair fees, I
sad rcu caa pay when cored. * |
DR.O.C.JOSLEIS1J
- Corner MarKst and kearny Sts. §
R Privite Entrance— 702 Market st. m
K_. M g
BOXERS' MEASUREMENTS
SHOW CORBETT TO BE
LARGER TIIAX BRITT
Corbett. Britt.
3 feet 3 inches. Height. .5 feet 6 inches
«S inches? Redch «5>i inches
lj'i inches Xeek 15 inches
."«>» ir.cheE Chest 35>,4 inches
inches W'aisn 'JS inches
13>~ inches..'. .. Biceps 12 inches
11 inches Forearm 10',4 inches
7 inches "Wrist 7 inches
22U inches Thigh 19% inches
11 inches Calf i:t inches
8 inches Ankle S Inches
120 pounds Weight 130 poundsLOS ANGELES. Jan. 6.— Need, ol
rain in | Southern * California' is arous
ing church people throughout this city
to consider the advisability of praying
for a downpour. Already supplications
for rain are being off ered , at . every
mass of the local : Catholic churches,
and the Protestants 'are considering
the matter of adding, their voices^, to
the petition, but as- yet no .concerted
action has been '¦ taken. .'
A number of the most 'prominent
Protestant 4ivines; of the city „ have
announced themselves « as . being in
favor of united prayers if the rains do
not soon come ....
Supplications' for a Downpour . Arc
Being Offered at Every Mass in
. Catholic Churches.
SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA,
BADLY IN NEED O*F RAIN
. LOS ANQELES, Jan. 6. — The suit
brought by the City Board of * Health
against local grocers' for selling bak
ing powder containing alum has been
decided in Justice Chambers' court
in favor of the defendants. The court,
in sustaining a demurrer, filed ,by> the
defendants, ruled that baking powder
was not a .food and therefore could
not be considered , an adulterated - ar
ticle under the pure food law. -.The
case has ¦ attracted • considerable at
tention and .has .'-been hard fought- by
both s'des in an effort to determine
whether .the sale of baking powders
containing alum can be prohibited in
this State under the r pure food : acts
passed by the Legislature.
Los Angeles Jurist Holds That Meas
ure Does Not Apply to Sale of
Adulterated Baking Powders. '
DECISION' STRIKES BLOW
AT THE PURE FOOD XAW
Kerrigan to Hear Probate.
After February 1 Judge Kerrigan
will hear probate matters under an
arrangement with Judge Troutt, who
is ill and desires to have a rest.
The will of Abraham Mosher of Mill
Valley was filed for probate yesterday.
It disposes of an estate worth more
than $10,000. The devisees are Amos
Williams. Charles and Lizzie Rochette,
Margaret Ford. Josephine Porter and
Emma L. Murdoff. The residue of the
estate, after the payment of legacies
of ten shares of Spring Valley Water
Company stock to the devisees already
named, is left to the Rochettes and
Mrs. Porter, share and share alike.
Mother's Will Filed.
Before the new schedule of advanced
west and east bound freight rates on
the Western roads goes into effect on
January 18 it is probable that a num
ber of changes will be made in the
rates on various commodities. Yester
day it was announced that the rate on
iron pipe, which was advanced to 75
cents, will not take effect and that the
old rate of 65 cents will be restored.
It is said that the pipe men have
protested against tl* rate and have
been threatening to ship by water and
that their action resulted in the restor
ation of the old rate.
Transportation Companies Have Al
ready Deeidwl to Make Xo Ad
vance on Pipe.
NEW FREIGHT KATES
ARE BEING REVISED
CORVALLIS, Or.. Jan. 6.— After elop
ing with Miss Hurt to Albany and
being married to her there. "Apostle"
Creffleld of the "Holy Rollers" an
nounced that not even tar and feath
ers would drive him away from Cor
vallis, and he accordingly returned yes
terday with his deluded bride. A meet
ing was hurriedly called of the men
who had tarred and feathered the
"apostle" two days ago, and *it was
soon announced that the night would
bring forth more drastic penalties for
the bridegroom. MTn were detailed to
watch the Beach residence, where the
Creffields were staying, that the where
abouts of the "apostle" might be known
for certain at the time appointed for
the attack. The Hurts, however, heard
of these plans, and. shortly after dusk
Prank Hurt drove up to the Beach
house in a buggy. Shortly afterward
his sister. Mrs. Creffleld, and an un
known woman climbed into the vehicle,
which drove off" in the direction of Al
bany. Shortly before midnight a party
of twelve armed men surrounded the
Beach house, while others entered and
searched it from top to bottom for the
"apostle." They found only six women.
About'the same«time Frank Hurt drove
back "and threw a bundle of clothing
into the yard. It is quite certain that
Creffleld escaped disquised as a woman.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VALLEJO, Jan. 6. — Petty thieving,
which, it is alleged, costs the Govern
ment many hundreds of dollars every
year, is said to exist on M:.re Island,
and, as a result, the Government may
be f creed to deprive about 400 men of
the privllece, which they now enjoy, of
traveling to and from t".:e island in
small Loats. The authorities on the
island have been aware for a long time
that petty thefts were occurring, and
they have suggested to the Navy De
partment the employment of a police
force as a remedy. Not long ago G.'W.
White of Colusa, a former employe in
the yard, addressed a letter to Presi
dent. Roosevelt, charging the existence
in Vallejo of a gang of "Forty Thieves"
which annually stole from tie Govern
ment material , to the value of many
hundreds of dollars. Vhrough usual
channels, this document found its
way back to Mare Island, and volum
inous correspondence has resulted. The
charge was also made that the junk
dealers who purchased old cast-off
material from the yard pursue tactics
which would prove sensational if in
vestigated.
It is understood in the yard that the
reply made by the officials there was
to the effect that the latter charge is
unfounded, but that the allegations of
petty thievery, aggregating a large
sum annually, was true. As a remedy,
a police force of twelve men -was sug
gested, to which the department re
plied that no funds were available.
The reply developed the further state
ment from th^ yard that the only alter
native was to take away boat privileges
from about | 400 men. There is a ferry
plying between Vallejo and Mare Island
upon which $2 per month is charged for
monthly commutation tickets. If the
boat privileges were taken awav this
would mean a cost to each one of these
400 men of $24 per y<ear, or $9600 total.
The situation has revived the dis
cussion of the Government establishing
a free ferry between the island and
Vallejo. ' . .
The estate of John P. Harrington is
once .more in the courts. Shortly after
his death his widow, whom he left in
Michigan in 1874. twenty years before
his death, appeared and succeeded in
provine her right to a share of his
property, notwithstanding that she had,
many years after his desertion, believ
ing him dead, contracted a second mar
riage. This marriage was annulled
when she discovered that she was not
a widow at the time it was performed.
Her appearance in court yesterday was
in the nature of. an opposition to the
petition for partial distribution filed
by the Harrington heirs and the filing
of a claim for half the estate, on the
ground that it is community property.
Harrington Case in Court Again.
"Apostle" Creffleld of the "Holy
Rollers" Escapes From Cor
vallis in Darkness of Nijht
Government Loses Hundreds of
Dollars' 'Worth of Material
From 3farc Island Navy Yard
The Super\*isors* Public Utilities
Committee has submitted the proposed
ordinance providing for the issuance
of $17,000,000 in bonds for various
public improvements to several attor
neys, who will pass on the legal
phraseology of the bill. The commit
tee desires to avoid any mistake which
might be used as a technicality to pre
vent the issuance of the bonds.
To Pass on Ordinance.
FEARS SECOND
DOSE OF TAR
PETTY THIEVES
ROB UNCLE SAM
¦ A: supplementary inventory filed
with the Board of Supervisors by the
Spring Valley Water Company shows
that during the year 1903 there were
constructed a new measuring tank on
University Mound, and a new meas
uring tank on the Sunol aqueduct.
There was laid 16.758 feet of wrought
iron pipe on the Alameda pipe line.
The company also constructed the
Presidio Heights tank during the year.
Kiles Supplementary Inventory.
Maud Lawrence, who has a number
of other "noms du monde," was ar
raigned before Judge Cabaniss yester
day and instructed as to . her. rights.
She -was' represented by -Tv;F.- O'Con
nor as counsel. She is accused of hav
ing forged the "name of J. W. Lay
mance, a real estate dealer of Oakland,
to' a check of $100.
Burton Holmes Lectures.
The sale of single seats for the Bur
ton lectures, which begin next
Tuesday night at Lyric- Hall, opens this
morning at Sherman. Clay & Co.'s. The
prices of reserved seats are $1.00, 75c
and' 50c. '„- i<\r,O t". - J
Cobb's Widow Makes Appearance.
Harry W. Knoll, on behalf of Sophia
Cobb, widow of the late Attorney Moses
G. Cobb, yesterday applied for letters
of administration upon Cobb's estate.
His appearance on behalf of the widow
presages a contest of the will, which
devised all of Cobb's estate to Rose
A. Barry, a widow, who had cared for
the attorney during his last years. Mrs.
Barry has applied " for letters of ad
ministration upon the estate, as has
also Abe Ruef, appointed in the will as
executor, but whose" appointment was
revoked in a codicil added a short time
prior to Cobb's death.
married eighteen years ago, and which
caused the Judge to score him. -
Divorces were also granted to W. A.
Leggett from Florence Legsrett for de
sertion, John McBride from Constance
McBride for desertion, and Anna
Smith from W. L. Smith for neglect.
Guits for divorce were filed by Bessie
Nielsen against Soren Peter Nielsen for
cruelty, John Edmundsen against
Elizabeth Edmundsen for desertion,
and :Edith G. Eckhardt against George
E. Eckhardt for cruelty.
Judge Mogan yesterday held James
Pryor and Ray Morgan to trial be
fore the Superior Court on charges of
burglary, each in $2000 bonds. Dough
erty was caught by Ross Varnham, a
miner from Siskiyou County, as he was
climbing across the bed occupied by
the miner and his wife at 18 Ellis street
in an attempt to enter the room by a
window. Morgan was found, in com
pany with a "pal," in the room of R.
E. Gibbons at 209 Kearny street. His
partner escaped, but Gibbons pursued
Morgan until he ran him into the arms
of two police officers. Various products
of the defendant's thievery were found
on his person and offered in evidence.
The special committee of Supervis
ors appointed to select the members
of the various committees of the
board met yesterday and reached an
agreement thereon. As already told
In The Call, the re-elected Supervisors
wiJl retain their several positions on
the cojnmittee and the newly elected
members of the board will be given
positions to succee<l the retiring Su
pervisors. It is understood that Payot
and D'Ancona will be the new mem
bers of the Finance Committee, of
which Brandenstein will continue to
be chairman. Finn, the Labor Su
pervisor, -will also be given representa
tion. The coplete list of the com
mittees will be made public at Fri
day's meeting of the board.
Names Supervisors' Committees.
By this" time male assistance had ar
rived and the young women were res
cued, while Temple, after something of
a struggle, was taken to jail. In the
William R. Temple, the latest "Jack
the Hugger," to fall within the notice
of the police, was partly tried before
Judge Mogan yesterday. He is accused
of having entered an office in the Starr
King building, on Geary street, where
he found two pretty young women. One
of them was Miss Marjorie McLennan,
a stenographer in her father's office,
in the Starr King building, who lives
at 1545 Clay street, and the other Miss
May Cordoza, a telephone .operator
living- at 728. Sutter street.
Temple is a rather well-looking fel
low, big and broad, with a pronounced
English accent. According to the testi
mony taken yesterday. Temple, on
Tuesday afternoon, entered the tele
phone exchange of the buildin-. where
Miss Cordoza was in charere. He in
quired for the number of some one's
offlc* and was told there was no such
person in the building. He passed
around behind the counter and threw
an arm around Miss Cordoza's neck.
She struzarled in his embrace and
screamed. Miss McLennan, a stenog
rapher in her father's office p'oining
the telephone exchang- rushed in and
Temple turned his attention to :.er. He
attempted to embrace her and. when
she screamed, he grasped her by her
throat.
J. V. Dougherty, is a sailor in the
service ot the United States navy, who
has tasted the salt spray, and the va
ried booze of many lands for the, last
six years. Not until he struck, the Bar
bary Coast did he ever run afoul ¦ of
the law. Once there he Imbibed a few
drinks and immediately tried to hide
the moon in his ve3t pocket. Failing
in this, he invaded a lodging-house and
stole a quilt. There was a doubt as to
his intent to be a criminal, and Judge
Mogan dismissed him with a large bun
dle of good advice.. which,' coming from
a seasoned magistrate, seemed almost
fatherly. The sailor promised to store
it in his sea chest and every time he
had shore leavp to overhaul it and re
fresh himself with its salient points.
In his opinion, Judge Morrow held
that a writ of error allowed by a. lower
court from a judgment of contempt^ a
bond for costs having been duly ap
proved, was reviewable by the Circuit
Court of Appeal*, and further found
that the Circuit Courts of Appeals have
jurisdiction under the act of March 3.
189>1, creating the Circuit Courts of Ap
peals, to review criminal causes other
than capital, citing several decisions,
including those of the Circuit Court of
Appeals for^the Second Circuit.
In an oral opinion yesterday morn
ing United States Circuit Judge Mor
row denied the motion to set aside the
writ of supersedeas heretofore issued
by him in the case of the Butte and
Boston Consolidated Mining Company
vs. . F. Augustus Heinze, Montana Ore
Purchasing Company and others.
The petition foe a writ of supersedeas
was filed in the Circuit Court of Ap
peals on December 31, 1903, the object
of which was to stay the execution
of a judgment ' against F. Augustus
Heinze, Josiah H. Trerise and Alfred
Frank, for an alleged violation of a
contempt of the United States Circuit
Court for the District of Montana, the
contempt consisting in the refusal on
behalf of- the parties charged to permit
an inspection and examination and sur
vey - of . the underground workings of
valuable mining property in the State
of Montana.- •
j Upon the petition of the parties found
guilty of contempt United- States Cir
cuit Judge Morrow,, on the date men
tioned., took ¦ a supersedeas bond and
directed the clerk of the Circuit Court
of Appeals to issue a writ of , super
sedeas staying the execution of* the
judgment of the Circuit Court until
February 8.' Whereupon a motion was
filed . seeking to set aside the writ 'of
supersedes on • several grounds stated
in the motion, j The matter was argued
by Garret W. McEnerney fn support
of the supersedeas, and Crittenden
Thornton in favor of the motion to va
cate. ... . ¦-'.¦•V-I r; .
He then commenced to read -a his
tory o£ his life from the time of hla
marriage ud to- -the -time his wJfe re
fused to have anything more to do with
him. ; ¦,;--• "¦;.¦¦ " "
• "That will do," said the court,' after
Pelby had read for about five .minutes.
''You '' have not read a thing ' that is
relevant. ¦ I will have to ask you a few
questions: -'How much money have you
given. your wife in. the last year?"
"None," said the minister.
"How. much' • in the twelve months
preceding?" .again queried the court.
„• "A few pounds," was the almost
whispered answer. .. . • .'%. ¦
•'That confirms your wife's story,"
said, the court. "She : is entitled to a
divorce- and the custody -of the chil
dren." ,*¦- .¦-•¦¦ - v ¦'¦ •'• ' - ¦'• -/'•¦ '-.' •-.
It was ¦ at this •••. juncture that Selby
attempted V to • voice his bitterness
against' the woman t~ whom he - was
The unhappy husband then en
deavored to j prove that his wife had
been guilty of censurable conduct with
o. man named Waters arid with DonaM
McKae, the furniture man who owned
the lodging-house .conducted by her,
but the court refused to allow him to
proceed, ordering him to confine him
self) to his efforts to refute the charge
that he was a neglectful spouse. ».
Mrs. Selby was followed on the\vit
ness stand by Mrs. Donald McRae, wife
of the furniture man, .who is accused
by Selby of alienating his wife's affec
tions. She said *she had known Mrs.
Selby, for the last three years and that
she*was a most estimable woman. Dur
ing all that time, said -Mrs. McRae,
Mrs. Selby had earned her own living
and that of her three children.
Her testimony closed the case of Mrs.
Selby and the court called for the de
fense. Selby, shaking and nervous, ex
plained that he had no ; evidence to
offer, that he had summoned witnesses,
but that they had all refused v to ap
pear in his behalf. He said that in lieu
of witnesses he would like to read a
statement. "Permission 'to do so was
granted him, and he walked up to the
Witness chair.- ,
"Raise your right hand and be
sworn, Mr. Selby," said the court.
• ;""1 affirm, sir," replied the minister. ,
Selby then tried to show that he had
met with reverses and informed the
court that the law of divorce. provided
that where it was shown that a hus
band had been a faithful provider for
yea«s, and then met with misfortune,
it became the duty of the wife to sup
port him.
SIRS. McRAE TESTIFIES.
"You certainly cannot have forgotten,
Mr. Selby, that you got all of it back
the first week after your arrival here?"
Witness and counsel, otherwise hus
band and wife, then entered into an ar
gument as to the amount of money
each had contributed to the "family
fund. The argument only served to
excite Selby to a painful degree and
make more apparent the remarkable
coolness of his wife. It - ended only
when Judge Hebbard announced that
he. would not allow it to proceed any
farther.
The preacher presented a pitiful spec
tacle ,during*,the progress of^he'vtria!'
of the divorce action. He was his own
attorney, and in his ¦ efforts ' to "prove
that he was not guilty of the 'charge;, of
failing to provide for his wife" and
ily. he made almost a' f aide puttie; trial.
He , endeavored • to introduce • evidence
foreign to the suit. ' Were it no* for
the -fact that during the proceedings
he sobbed and cried repeatedly, partic
ularly after a. reference to the happi
ness he and his wife enjoyed during the
early days of their married life, it
would have been ludicrous. His emo
tion did not, however, affect his wife,
who bore his cross-examination with
out a sign of .nervousness. Neither did
it affect his pretty little daughter, who
sat in the courtroom during the trial.
She smiled occasionally and almost
laughed at times when their father's
woeful ignorance of the law led him to
make a blunder that called forth a
few words of caution from the Judge
or an objection from her mother's at
torney. His tears and sobs did not af
fect her near as much as did his piti
able attempts to show that he is a
wronged man.
Dark, plump and close to 40 is Mrs.
Selby. When she appeared " in court
she was attired in a tight-fitting, light
blue gown, a long string of beads was
around her neck ! and a black picture
hat, the somberness of which was re
lieved by a bit of bright red ribbon,
was her headgear. She testified that
she was married to Selby eighteen
years ago in Australia and that a few
years since she came to this country
with- him. They remained here for a
few years,,; and then he returned to
Australia,^where he is pretty well, con
nected. She remained behind, and to
support herself embarked in the lodg
ing-house business. Occasionally, she
said, her husband sent her jj some
money, but his remittances were not
regular. He finally came back here,
but she refused to live with him.
minister' cries.
It" was when Selby began cross-ex
amining his wife that he broke down
and sobbed. He got so nervous that
it was with great difficulty that he was
able to hold in his hand the letters he
was endeavoring to read in evidence.
"Why was it, Mrs. Selby," he tear
fully said, "that when I first came to
this country and went to your room
ing-house and asked you for a room
you refused to give me one and
told me you had one for me in another
house?"
"Because I did not want you," said
his wife. -.-.
Selby then endeavored to show that
he had very frequently sent money to
his wife. • She admitted to having re
ceived some of it and then. said to him:
A PITIFUL SIGHT.
"I will not listen to your remarks,"
said the court. "Thev are not . suit
able." i
Selby persisted in denouncing Mrs.
Selby as an unfaithful wife and the
Judge ordered him to take his seat. "I
consider you less a' man now; "than *I
did five minutes, ago,." said.th.su court,
"and I want to tell you that if I heir
any more from- you I will send you .'to
jail for five days; Take your seat, sir."
Selby, ho wever, N sat down only when
he was grasped by the shoulders by
Clerk-Robert Fitzgerald and forced into
his seat. . •.:
Isaac Selby, minister of the gospel,
lecturer, insurance agent and solicitor,
narrowly escaped being sent to jail by
Judge Hebbard .yesterday at the con
clusion of the trial of the suit for di
vorce brought against him by Theresa
Selby. He took exception -to.. the
court's decision awarding Mrs.. Selby
a decree and endeavored to make a
speech traducing the fair name of his
spouse and refused to stop when the
Judge told him the . court's judgment
had been rendered. .':i,x'-
Richards made a statement to the
police that he came here from Visalia
the night before Christmas with $100
in his pocket to have a good time. He
had been living at 771 Howard street.
He had spent all his money except
$24 50, which he had in his pocket
when searched. He said he had never
been in Martini's saloon before, did not
know the man and had no grudge
against him. The only reason he shot
was because Martini was coming to
ward him, although he admitted he did
not see a club or revolver in Martini's
hand. He said he had been drinking
very hard ever since ¦ arriving in the
city and at times did not know what
he was doing. The police say he- was
under the influence of liquor, but knew
the consequences of his acts.
In Richards' pocket was found a let
ter from his brother, Bert Richards of
Salem, Mass. The writer said he had
heard that the wayward brother had
had some trouble with his wife. The
letter urged the transgressor to keep
away from drink and lead a good life.
His brother said he was praying for
Edward all the time and exhorted him
to join the church.
VISALIA. Jan. 6.— Edward Richards
left this city on the 19th day of De
cember to spend the holidays in San
Francisco. He was employed in the
livery stable of Matt McGovern. He
was generally regarded as a pretty de
cent fellow, except when under the in
fluence of liquor. He was 23 years old
on December 20, 1903, and was born in
Yreka. He has traveled all over the
country as a jockey and has lived in
Visalia about five years of his life. His
mother and two sisters live here. He
was recently divorced from his wife.
Martini was sfnt to the Harbor
Emergency Hospital, where Dr. J. D.
Murphy expressed the opinion that
there was no hope of his recovery, for
the bullet had penetrated the brain.
Martini died four hours later without
regaining consciousness. Richards had
been taken to the City Prison, and
when Martini died a murder charge
was placed against his name.
ADMITS THE SHOOTING.
Richards ran to the rear of the saloon
and Martini's wife, who was present,
tried to intercept him and then ran to
the front door and shouted for help.
Corporal Fraher and Policemen Holmes
and Skain heard the shot and the wo
man's cry for help and they ran to the
saloon. Just as they entered Richards
returned from the rear of the saloon,
as the door was locked, and he had the
revolver in his hand.
"There's the man who shot my hus
band." said Mrs. Martini. He did not
deny the shooting, but claimed that he
had acted in self-defense, as the saloon
keeper was advancing toward him
when he pulled out his revolver and
fired. The weapon was taken from him
and an empty shell was found, the
other chambers being loaded.
TRIES TO ESCAPE.
"No."
"Well." said Martini as he took
Bold of Richards' arm, "get out of
here."
Richards rose to his feet and pulling
a revolver out of his pocket fired a
shot at Martini. The bullet struck
Martini over the left eye and he fell to
the floor with a groan.
Richards met Victoria Angels, a Mex
ican woman, in a dance hall, and about
3 o'clock went into the Oasis saloon
with her. He ordered a bottle of beer,
and after It was consumed he "ordered
another. He did not pay for the beer
and Martini went to where he was sit
ting with the woman and asked him if
ha was going to pay. Richards ap
peared to be in an ugly humor and said
Joseph Martini, proprietor of the
Oasis saloon at C23 Pacific street, was
shot and killed early yesterday morning
in the presence of his wife by Edward
Richards, a stableman from Visalia,
who has been spending the holiday sea
son in this city.
The petition of Mrs. Schmitz. mother
of the Mayor, that new sidewalks be
laid on Greenwich street, between
Gough and Octavia, was taken under
advisement. A majority protest was
filed against the improvement..
The board recommended the expe
diency of constructing sewers on
Twenty-gixth avenue, between Califor
nia and Lake streets, and on California
street, between Twenty-fourth and
Twenty-sixth avenues.
The board sustained the protest of
property owners against the laying of
artificial stone sidewalks on First ave
nue, between Washington and Jackson
streets. The protestants favored the
laying of sidewalks six feet in width.
Chief of the Fire Department Sulli
van notified the board that the auto
matic sprinkler in the Chutes Theater
did not comply with the ordinance and
Commissioner Schmitz was detailed to
make an investigation.
The Board of , Public Works yester
day decided to recommend to the Board
« Supervisors that provision be made
m the next municipal budget for the
widening and repaving of the roadway
or Mission street, between East and
by eight feet. This will necessi
tate the reduction of the width of side
walks on both 6ides of the street by
four feet, an ordinance reducing their
"width from 19 feet to 15 feet having
already been passed.
The board took action as the result
°' a petition filed by property owners
owning more than 60 per cent of the to
tal frontage requesting that the street
Tu" idened to facI11 tat« teaming traffic.
The .board not only approved the
widening of the street, but favored the
repaving from Steuart street to Ninth.
The petitioners asked that some practi
cal pavement be adopted for the street
ana the board agreed that the pave
ment rut down on Third street is the
best for the heavy traffic on Mission
street. City Engineer Grunsky roughly
estimates the cost of the work at $125.
000.
It was a little-family row that caused
Maurice Eskovitch to be arrested on
the charge of assault with intent to
murder. Judge Cabaniss listened to the
story and Public Prosecutor James
Hanley defended j the accused. This
may be paradoxical.' but it is true.
'The complaining witness was Mau
rice Kaufman, a brother-in-law of the
defendant. He is large and husky and
conducts a cigar store and barber shop
at 1040 Fcrlsom street. He lives in the
rear with his wife, and one afternoon
last week he issued a ukase to her to
prepare him a hot foot bath. The tem
perature of the water was nearly a
quarter of a degree higher than he had
expected, so he began to beat her. The
defendant was standing at the cigar
counter and, hearing the screams of his
sister, rushed to her rescue. He weighs
about two ounces lighter than a Pana
ma hat and apparently couldn't cut a
string of spaghetti with a Damascus
sword. He was valiant, however, and
tackled his big brother-in-law. Dur
ing the scuffle Kaufman was stuck
slightly in the wrist by a penknife. ..
The courtroom looked like a depot for
Kishenev refugees, all of whom were
anxious to testify on behalf of the de
fendant, but Judge Cabaniss thought
the case was a short, horse that could'
be curried soon. Prosecutor Hanley. co-
incided with alacrity, and Eskovitch
headed a triumphant procession out of
the courtroom, while Kaufman followed
dejectedly in the rear..',: •'. ..
Defendants Who, Were Fined
Are Allowed Until February
8 to Show Cause or Pay Up
Trial of * the Suit Becomes
Almost Farcical by Reason
of Actions of the Defendant
Visitor Refuses to Pay for
Two Bottles of Beer and Is
Later Charged With Murder
Supervisors Are Advised That
a New Pavement Should Be
Laid on This Thoroughfare
TO REDUCE SIDEWALKS
APPEAL COURT DECIDES
GRANTS HER A DIVORCE
SAD END OF A GOOD TIME
prison yesterday he said he was an
agent for books and in the employ of
Collier Publishing Company. He at
tributed his trouble to an over-indul
gence in liquor. Judge Mogan increased
Temple'8, bail from $20 to $200 and, as
the defendant was unable to furnish
the amount, he spent the day and last
night in the city prison.
- .v'eary from plodding the burning
sands of the desert, a party of Mystic
Shriners found an oasis Tuesday night
in a saloon on the corner of Grant
avenue and O'Farrell street. Here they
rested pleasantly, quenching their
thirsts with yem-yem, which, infidels
call champagne, and discussing the
merits of camels and caravans. ,-¦' <
Suddenly the peace of the night was
broken. Two bashi bazouks, terrors to
all travelers on the desert, v came
through the sands to the oasis. They
looked like two ordinary American sol
diers and the keeper of the spring did
not want them around.— "Give us a
drink," .aid the soldiers. "On your
way," said the keeper. "This isn't the
headquarters of the Associated . Char
ities. Fui! Blow through yonder
swinging doors."
After many words had passed, the
bashi bazouks drew scimiters and,\vith
drew to the main trail, which is known
as Grant avenue, where they guarded
the entrance to the oasis and loudly
proclaimed their intention of slitting
open everybody as a woman would
cut a gourd. The Mystic Shriners "held
on to the rope,*" whicttsat this particular
spring is known as a' "bar rail" — all
save one. He is known to traders as
Tom Trebel, and. is president of the
Western Brass Works. He knew a side
•trail that led to a main highway called
O'Farrell street. Through this he went
and found Sheik Policeman Jim Pearl,
to whom he told the perilous condition
of himself and his comrades. Policeman
Pearl gathered the bashi bazouks into
custody and had them conveyed ' to a
fortress known as the city prison.
Yesterday the two bloodthirsty bashi
bazouks, who gave the names of Fred
H. Hlekman and Robert V/alker of the
Tenth Infantry of Uncle Sam, came
before Caliph Fritz to be judged. Trebel
testified to their utter misconduct and
Policeman Pearl verified his state
ments. TLi soldiers made faint de
fense, alleging: only that they feared
the crowd in the saloon was going to
attack them. They could not explain
their waiting with open knives outside
the doors and were promptly found
guilty of a serious disturbance of the
peace. Their punishment will be de
termined to-day.
Sharply Eebukes Itinerant Min
ister Who Tries to Tra
duce His Wife's 1 Character
Joseph Martini, Saloon-Keeper,
Is Fatally. Wounded-, by Ed
ward Bichards of Visalia
Refuses to Vacate a Writ
Issued in Contempt Case
U. S. Circuit Judge Morrow
Board of VuhlU Works Acts
Favorably on the Petition of
Majority of Property Owners
Two Belligerent Soldiers Guard Doors of a Saloon Where
Sojourners From Initiatory Exercises Are Enjoying Rest
From Their Travels— "Jack the Hugger" Is Sent to Jail
JUDGE SCORES
ISAAC SELBY
HEINZE'S FINE
STILL UNPAID
WIFE SEES HER
H US BAND SHOT
MISSION STREET
TO BE WIDENED
MYSTIC SHRINERS HELD
PRISONERS IN AN OASIS
- . . , . ....... ¦
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, JANUARY 7, 1904.
Flrst-claaa tickets between ': San Francisco
and; 1^38 Aneeles, , either direction,'' Including
stop and two days* ; entertainment at . famous
Paso jRoblen Hot Springs- Hotel, orrty $21.
Children : $13 60. Privilege -of 30 days' -stop*
over. Best of fare and service at .hotel. ..Cura
tive mud " or i water baths hot from celebrated
medicinal ¦ springs; lovely country; fine ' drives;
Invigorating ° mountain air; • warm aunshtne.
Ju«t ¦ the . place : to rest. ; . Full ' information of
Southern Pacific ticket agents. -" • ; •'.**/-¦
Special Rates.
9
• POSTUM CEBEAX.
"THE ROAD
ToWELLVILLE"
A Book for the People
"Such thinking sends* healing, rebuilding and energizing
currents over the body, building new cells and healthy
. - tissue."— Extract. #
IT IS LOADED WITH COMMON SENSE.
Sample miniatunr copies will be found FREE in every pack-
age of Postum Food Coffee and Grape-Nuts, or sent
postpaid on. receipt of two cents in postage stamps.
POSTUM CEREAL CO., Ltd;
Battle Creek, Mich.
ADVERTISEMENTS. '
JiipUfCrERS 1
trail I \i IlL it
jggisr r:l PILLS
Positively cored by these
little Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia, 1
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsf-
mss, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongna
Pain in the Side, TORPID IJVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small PHI. Small Dose.
Small Price.
'"_ CUTTiERy
" .• OCBAIT TRAVEL.
¦y&xr JSv. . Steamers leave San Fria-
'" /CJ^T S^S*V" *'»«> a» follows :
•¦A«_.' X«i\ "For Ketehikan. Wrani'l.
' At/^iSOSSl X -*Y Juneati. Ilalnes. Ska«u»y.
I I vKSOvV-l ** c - Alaska— 11 a. m.. Jan.
I \ ' \wNSW / 2. C. 11. 1H. 21. 28. 31. Feb.
U\ \\ '7W 3. Change to company' »
VA^^^y # «teaxner» at Seattle.
Xd/5sWS^ For Vlciorta. Vancouver.
s — S— -^ Port TtmnMnd. Seattle, T»-
coma.'KveretV Wfcatccxni — 11 a. m.. Jan. 2. tt.
; 11. 18, 21. Irt. 31. Feb. 8. Change at Seattle
; to this company's steamers for Alaska and
O. N. Ry.;at »«att!» or Tacoma to X. P. Ry.:
at Vancouver, to C. P. Ry. ¦:-. '•'" _-
For Eureka :trtumboldt Bay) — Pomona, \:M
p. m.. Jan. 5. 11, 17. 23. 29. Feb. 4: Corona.
1:30 p. to.: Jan. 2. *. 14. JO. 28. Feb. 1.
For Lc« Angela (via Port Lo» Anieeles and
Redcmdo). San Dtea-o and Santa Barbara—
Santa Rosa. Sundays. » a. m.
• State of California. Thursdays. 0 a. m.
I For Lo» Anzeita <v»a San Pedro and East
j San Pedro), Santa Barbara, Santa Cruz. Mon-
i terey, San Simeon, Cayueos. Port Harford (San
i Luis Oblspo). Ventura and Hueneme
Coos Bay. 0 a. m.. Jan. 4, 12. 20. 28. Feb. 3.
Bonlta. » a. m.. Jan. !>«. ltf. 21. Feb. 1.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose d»l
Catvo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Ro-
i salla. Guayrhas (Mer). 10 a. m.. 7th of eacb
I month, i
For further Information obtain foMer.
Right is rrgerved to change steamers or sail-
lag dates.
TICKET OrriCSS — 4 New Montgom-
ery street (Palace Hotel). 10 Market street anil
Broadway wharves.
Freight office. 10 Market utreet.
C. D. DCSASN. General Passenfrer As-nt.
10 Market street. San Francisco.
O. R. & N. CO.
"Columbia" tails Jan. 8. IS. 23. F«b. 7.
17. 27 ani Marrh ». "George W. El-
der" sails Jan. 3. 13. S3. Feb. 2. 12. 23 and
March 4. Only steamship Una to PORTLAND.
OR., and short rail line from Portland to alt
points East. Through tickets to all points, all
I rail or steamship and rail, at LOWEST
RATES. Steamer tickets Include berth and
1 meals. Steamer mils foot of Spear st.. at H
a. m. S. F. P.OOTH. Gen. Agt. Pass. Dep^. I
Montgomery st. : C CLIFFORD. Oen. Art.
Freight Dept.. 3 Montgomery at.
AMEBICAN UVS.
Plymouth— -Cherbonrsr— Southampton.
From New York Saturday* at 0:00 a* m.
St. Louis Jan. O'St Paul.. ..Jan. 23
New York Jan. ...Jan. 30
ATZtAirnC TRANSPORT U3TB.
New York — London Street. .
Mesaba Jan. !>. 0 amiMin't'ka.Jan. 2-'. 9 am
1 M'n'minee.Jan. 18.9 am'M'rq'ett-.Jan. 3f>. flam
I Only First-Class Passengers Carried:
DOMINION LINE. NffiB
Portland — Liverpool — Short sea' passa?«.
.Dominion .....Jan. 23jl)ominiop Feb. St
Canada Feb. S.Canada Mar. IS
HOLLAtTD-AMISICA IISE.
New Twin-Screw Steamers of 1S.30O Tons.
Wew York — Rotterdam, Via Bonlogno.
Hailing- Tuesday at 10 a.m. \
Statendam Jan. lOIRotterdam Feb. 2
(Amsterdam ...Jan. 26J*Sloterdy!c Feb. IS
! BED STAB LINEj-
j New York — Antwerp — Paris.
Vadrld.Jan. 9, 10::«> amtZeeld.Jan. ;io. 10:30 am
Krnld.Jan. 23. 10:00 am Flnlnd.Feb. K. 10:M am
WHITE STAR -UXTB. ¦
Htw York — Queans town — Liverpool.
Sailing Wednesdays.
Celtic Jan. .13, 2 pmjMaJesttc.Feb. 3. 10 am
Teutonic. Jan. 20. 10 amiOceanlc.Feb. 10. 1 pm
Tedric Jan. 27, noomCeltlc Feb. 17. Sara
Boston — Qneenstows — Liverpool.
Cymric Jan. 21. Feb. IS. March 17
Cretic "... Feb. 4. March 3. Marco 31
BOSTON MEDITERRANEAN SERVICE.
' Azoresj, Gibraltar, XTaplea. Genoa.
ROMANIC Jan. ltf, Feb. 27. Apr. »
CAN'OPIC Jan. 3O. Mar. 13
REPUBLIC (new) Feb. 13. Mar. 28
tSteerage only. 'Freight only.
C. D. TAYLOK. Passenger Agent Pacific Coast,
21 Post St.. San Francisco.
yjflUAPieS & ALEXANDRIA., E<iYI>T^J
ROMANIC .Jan. 18, F«b. Tt Ap! 9
CANOPIC. Jan. oi\ Mar 13
REPUBLIC Inew) Feb. 13. Mar, 2S
(Send for rates and Illustrated booklet.)
These steamers are the largest la the
' Mediterranean service.
First class. $63 upward.-
Boston to Liverpool QU eeISowa
CYMRIC... Jan. 21, Feb. IS. Mar. IT
CRETIC ...Feb. 4. Mar. .T. Mar. 31
, Flr»t class. $60 and f«V upward. accOTd-
Injr to steamer. ¦For plans, etc., addres*
WHITE STAR L!>*B. 77-SI State St..
Boston, or to C. V: TAYLOR. 21 Post st.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA,
fORIKNTAL STEAMSHIP CO.>
Steanrers will leave wharf, corner First an*
Brannan struts, at 1 p. m.. for YOKOHAMA
and Hongkong, calling at Kobe (Hlogo). Naga-
saki and Shanghai, and connecting at Hong-
kong with steamers for India, etc. No cargo
received on beard on day of Railing.
S. S. AMERICA MARU
- Monday. January 25. 1904
S. B. HONGKONG MARU
Wednesday. February 17. 19O*
S. 8. NIPPON MARU
Tuesday.. March 15. 1904
1 Via Honolulu: Round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. For freight and pa<sagr apply at Com-
pany 1 * offlce. 421 Market *tr«9t. corner First.
W. H. A VERY. Graertl Agent..
oceaoies.sxo. --^-s
g. S. ALAMEDA/ for Honolulu, Jan. 0; 11 a. m.
" s' S. SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa,' . Auck-
"land and Sydney. Thursday. Jan. 21, 3 p. m.
S. S. MARIPOSA. for Honolulu, Fetv 11, 1904,
iiVsTOIUt 835.0.. !3tx.Tlcbtini«,SS3SrW3
INeUK&xUJ torhUL.fkrla. Wm& It
! commas gsnehals txassatuntiwi. -
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS, j.*^
Sailing every Thursday lnst»ad of <*|£cr3»f*
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from Pier 42. •»wa«^»r ST
North. River, foot of Morton street.
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Sec.
' ond class to Havre.. 945 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 "Broadway (Hudson Building).
New York. J. F. FUOAZI A CO.. BaclHo Coast
Agents. S Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
Kara Island and , VaJle jo st *itnor«. *
Steamer GEN. FRISBIE or 3«ONTICELLO-^
9:45 a. m.. 3:12 anil V-'H> p." nr. except Sunday.
Sunday. »:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leave Vallejo.
7 a. ra.. 12:30 ami 6 p. m.. ex. Sunday. '¦ Sun- ,
day. 7 a. m.. 4:J3 p. m. Fare, 60 cents. Tel.
Main 1503. PUr 2. Mlssloa-st.. dock. HATCH
BROS.
APVSBTISEMENTS.
On Every Hand
Our laundry work is, admired for its
beauty, -cleanliness and finish.
. Costs no more either than the ordi-
nary, but it adds materially to the use-
fulness of your linen through giving it
longer life.
No saw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY,
orriCE 1004 market steeet,
Near Powell.
Phone South 420.
SOHEMIAH
Pare, Pde and Sparkling. Bottled
Only it the Brewery to St Louis.
I" SOU) EVER YWrlERS.
HJLU^KT MEKCANTlLiS CO..
. Pacific Coaat Agents.
Always. Remember the gel! J4am»
¦ axative gromo Qnjnme
Cores a Cold in One Day, Qrlpm 2 Days
(9. /Tj£?rtru%^ box. 25c
y^"""^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
fiTiFa^l 1 " ls31 for the tre»tment of J'rivHtf
fSLLJS* Js* Dlsfnxes, l^wt M »nhood. DebHIty or
MBg9^^&<1l.<w > aBf > wearing on hodyanil mlnrt ami
Diseases. The Doctorwres when
"SHothers fail. Try him. < 'liars** In*-.
Call or write.
Dr. J. V. OIBBOX, yan Francisco, Cat.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,:^THURSDAY, JANUARY 7. 1901
10
<ezc> LITTLE "WAN'TS" OFTEN
MEETING XOTICES—-Conttiined.
THE California Debris Commission having re-
ceived application to mine by hydraulic pro-
cess from E. C. Robinson, in Slug Gulch
placer mine, near Fairplay. El Dorado Coun-
ty, California, draining Into Middle Fork
Cosumnes River, gives notice that meeting
will be beld at room 96, Flood building, San
Francisco, Cal.. January 18. 1904, at 1:30
P. m.
AGENTS WANTED.
WANTED— Firm suitably located to accept
general agency for Peerless patterns, the
highest grade of paper patterns, which are
about to be introduced to the coast trade;
can be handled In connection with any line
kindred to department etore trade or dry
goods trade; excellent opportunity for right
rarty ; experience in this particular line de-
sirable; no attention paid to . irresponsible
people, but will communicate premptly with
right parties with a view of closing negotia-
tions through our representative, who will
visit t-an Francisco in the early spring.
Write, stating full particulars, also give ref-
erences. Independent-Peerless Pattern Com-
lany. 42 East Twentieth St., New York.
AGENTS— An agency for a proposition that Is
a decided improvement on building and loan
is worth having. Great Western Improve-
ment Company. Parrott building.
WOMEN and men solicitors wanted. Apply to
Halpruner Medical Mfg. Co.. 2S California
tt.. 1 to 5. •
ADyjEBTISEMEKT
HAVING recently acquired through exchange
of property three S40 scholarships In the best
College of Advertising In the United States.
1 will sell them at 25 per cent discount for
cash: the college teaches advertisement writ-
Ing by correspondence and assists its grad-
uates to secure positions: catalogues fur-
nished on application. Address box 302C, Call.
»^ ——————— _i __^
ASTROLOGV.
Mr». J. Francis, astrolorist. suite 1O. Hotel
Langbam: hours. 10-5; eve, by appointment.
I __ ATTORNEYS- AT-LAW.
W. H. BITTNER.
ATTORNEY AND COUNSELOR AT LAW.
Advice free. Phone South 743.
Suite 322. Emma Spreckels building.
Divorces quietly and legally obtained for
eight causes: damages secured for injuries to
person or- estate; replevins for property un-
lawfully detained: attachments and garnish-
ments for debts: bonds furnished: bankruptcy
procrediegs; wills probated; estates eeUled;
collections made in all parts of the U. S.
A PRIVATE, quick divorce for a small fe«. .
E*e me and s»ve money; no pay in advance.
G. W. HOWE. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.
Established 22 yrs.: rms. 1. 2. 3. 4 „ 5. 1st fl.
1122 Market si., between Mason and Taylor.
Advice free, all matters. Detectives employed
n. W. KING. Attorney-st-Law. Exam, bldg.,
fith flocr. entrance rocm (ill; established 20
years; all cases; general court and office
practice; no !>?• In advance or for consults-
tion: evenings by ap|>ointment. Tel. Red 3601.
GEO. W. AVERILL; advice given in all cases;
divorce, probate, bankruptcy and attachment
suits a specialty; practice In both State and
Federal courts. Room Aiio, 4th floor. Parrott
frldg.. 855 Market Bt.; phone Howard, 2551.
ADVICE free — I will advance cost In meritori-
ous cases, divorces, probate and all ether law
cases;, no fees In advance; open every tven-
lng. J. M. THURSTOX, S19 Market «t., r. 31,
"Advice free.
OoInmUaa Law and Collection Agency.
Room 65. 916 Market St.: tel. John 6223.
DIVORCE costs $12; open evenings- tenants
ejected, $5. 916 Market. r.62;plmne liiack C51.
DIVORCE — Costs. J12; quick, quiet] advice
free: or»-n evenings. 027 Market St.. r. 301.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful: all
law business. W. W. Davidson. 927 Market.
L. S. CLARK. 327 Market St.; consultation
free: w. feet in advance; open evenings.
BIROS. DOGS. ETC.
WARBLING canaries, talking parrots; all
kinds of song and fancy birds; goldfish, seeds,
cages, etc. Give us a trial; we will pleas'
yuu. 154fi Market st. •
BUSINESS CHANCES. "
R.- G. WILKE, real estate and business agen-
cy; established 15 years; quick sales. Rooms
•J and 10. 26Vi Kearny.
A— $1600— Rarest chance in the market: cof-
fee F2loon and restaurant; choicest location:
I daily receipts about ?t50; nrt profits above
?. - H!0 per month; a fine business: investigate
*oun; trial given. R. CJ. WILKE, 5*8 Vi
Kearny «l. • ¦
A— $1250— DELICATESSEN and dairy produce
f-tore; close ti>. Market and Stockton t?ts.;
large stork; clears at least $250 per month;
full value in sight; a splendid offer. Call
R. G. WILKE. 2ttifc Ketrny «t." .
A— ST50— SALOON on Commercial St.; rent
S5O. S*e R. G. WILKIE. 2«*i Kearny st.
A — %of«j — SALOON and boarding-house on
main St.: 12 furnisher! rooms; established
years, tjee R. G. WILKE, 26'4 Kearny st.
A- -ROADHOl.'.SE with 15 newly furnlshM
rcxjiiis: bathroom, barn. 1 cart, 1 electric
Piano; 10 years' leas»; rent $4.J; price $3000;
buyiners very gcori : that is all. For particu-
lais see R. G. WILKE. 26',^ Kearny st.
A— $1500 — BUTCHER shop in Western Addl-
tlon: rent $<0; weekly sale about 4 steers,
25 sheep: 1 none, 1 wagon; dally receipts
about Ml*. See R. O. Y/ILKE, 26"7a Kearny.
A- $1750— CORNER grocery and bar on
Guerrero *t. ; lease: a good paying business;
fres-h stock; all ca?!i trade. Particulars It
G. WILKE. 38% Kearny st.
A— $1400 — CORNER grocery and bar on De-
vlsadero st. ; owner has a fine paying busi-
ness, but family affairs compels him to
l»a\e for East. See n. G. WILKE, 26U
Kearny «t.
A— $550 — CIGAR, candy and notion store on
McAllister st.: rent $25; a nice paying busi-
ness fcr man and wife. Call and I will show
m you the place. R. G. WILKE. 26!4 Kearny.
A— $600 — DRY goods and notion store with 4
fine furnished rooms on Mission St.: splendid
chance fcr man and wife. Call R. G
WILKE. 264 Kearny.
FoR country hotels, saloons. cigar, notion
stores, butcher shops or any kind of business
see R. G. WILKE. 26*4 Kearny st.
FOR rale— Beautiful and picturesque health
and summer resort, 2 hours' ride from S
P.. 20 minutes' ride from depot; has 20
acres land, set with all kinds fruits, flow-
ere: beautiful groves: 32-room hotel, with
cr.ttage of 4 rooms, all furnished; necessary
outbuildings., dance pavilion, bar, bath-
bou«?!-, lako L for rowing; raises own veg-
rtabies. i>oultry and hay; 2 horses buggies
bus. .Tprsey cow and calf, chickens, bar fix-
tures, billiard table, new upright piano; 3
years' lease at $500 per year, can get longer;
fine mineral springs; will euro many dls-'
easc3; money in everything on place; round
trip Sundays $1 50 rrom S. K. : death cause
Of *ale; price g225O. CAMERON, 5 Eddy st.
FOR sale or trade — Quartz mine; fne prospect:
located in' Cal. : assays $40 to $70 ten; trade
! for r'm'g house or business. Camernn.3 Eddy.
FOR sale— Best little restaurant !n city; rent
$45; central; receipts $35 to $40 day: must
Tcave town; price $12W; also several ethers at
prices from $350 to $2000; all flrst-claiss prop-
«~Hlon B and will bear investigation. CAM-
_ERON, 3 Eddr «t.
FOR rent — 3-room fur. flat; central; could get
2 more rooms adjoining: reasonable. CAM-
EROX _ CO.. 3 Eddy st.
A— 3 PER CENT MONTHLY.
On investments of $100 and upward; no "get-
ri< h-qukk" swindle, turf speculation or gam-
bling scheme, but a reputable, established
business enterprise in San Francisco; clearjd
*67.'XK> last year on $100,000 capital: stock
increased $20,000 to enlarge the plant; call
or write for particulars.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market tt..
A— $9(iO; SALOON; water front; 1 receipts $15
daily: large place: cheap rent: 3 living-
rooms. Eureka Realty Co., 719 Market st.
A— $1200: hotel, bar and restaurant: main st.
In booming country town near city; 120 steady
boarders. Call Eureka Realty Co.. 719 Mrkt.
A— $150: PARTNER for well-establiahed office
business; no experience required; will net $75
mo. to each. Eureka Realty Co.. 719 Market.
LIVERY and boarding stable. in a flrst-class
location, doing a good business, with steady
customers year round; two first-class hacks,
one almost new. rubber-tired. In splendid
condition; 24 young horses; vehicles of all
kinds; r*nt $45 month; price $3250. MA-
RION GRIFFIN, room 406 Examiner bldg. .
CALL and aee the list of lodging-houses from
6 to 200 rooms; cheap rents; hotels, road-
houses, saloons, restaurants, groceries, livery
stables bought and sold and exchanged-
money loaned on chattels: millinery store to
exchange. EITEL _ CARROLL. 212 Kearny.
"?£~; SPEC1AL bar K« | n to-day; saloon-' with
i- furnished rooms; good fixtures. 8 Mason.
* 1 i 00 —. 1 "" 1 nsT-CLAPS corner aaloon: wholesale
rtlstrlct: large .Mock; 3- years' lease. " h
Ma urn «t. -f
A PARTNER, wanted in. a W>,0fK)-acre stock
and Flu «p ranch to Invest $5000 to $10,000
A— WORKINGMAN'S boarding-house; good lo-
bOarder " : B0 ' genU '
CLAIRVOYANTS — Ci>ntlnii»<.
Mrs. Viena, trance medium and card reader; 3
questions ans. free. 406 Geary st.. room 1. '
MRS. S1IAFER. clairvoyant, card reader; slt-
tlr.gs dally. USV, Jessie St.. bet. 5th and 6th.
C AR PETj^ B kTvTI N C ANI) CVEASUJC^
A1H now universally used In cleaning carpets
en floor, without removal; price moderate.
S. F. Compressed Air Cleaning Co.. Call
building. Phone Main 5237.
\YJJ_N you become disgusted with your w irlr
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
lng Works. HS5-3S7 Tehama st. : tel. South 40.
TRY Hopke Bros.; carpet beating; mattreaaea
made over. 1432 Howard: tel. South 21ft.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning; Workf. 1SC9 Har-
rison st.; Al cleaning: 3c: tel. Mission 228.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM * CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH * CO.. carpet-beating works ;prlc««
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st.: tel. Mission 2».
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works,
333 Golden Gat» ave.: telephone East 126.
COLLECTION OFFICES. ~~
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made:
city or country PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO. 418 Montgomery, rooms 9-10: tel. 0586-
CUBES BUPTUBE.
WHO DOES IT? HUNTER. 1206 Market st.
Send for circular. Why will you suffer?
DENTISTS.
DR7~Onuis7"6b^^«T7;aTlag^air"*jldXr~MXricet
and McAllister its., uses the Basford Obtun.
der; the onl> device ever Invented fcr grind-
lug, drilling and excavating teeth without
, pain. For demonstration call at r-tflce.
DR. LTJELUM HILL. 1443 Market.r.r. Eleventh,
— No ct'argo tor extracting when plate* ara
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
tram $s per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
A NEW* plate— The Whalebone— cannot t.eak;
vjfiianted 20 yrs.;' crown. $¦") 50; tilings. 80c;
piates, $5; full set: all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 2t Sixth st.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush —
Set teeth 91 50 up: crowns 92 up; fillings 25c.
GOLD fillings. 75c; silver. :"3c; cr.iwns, S-: no
pain; open Sunday. Dr.O.B.HewItt.-*C4 Sutter.
A. ARTHUR CHISHOLM. turgeon dentist.
room 14 Phelan building San Francisco.
IlKKSSMAK E RS A*\D SEAMSTKKSSKS
ACCORDION, sunburst & knife plaiting. Stew-
arfs button & buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
McDOWEL- Dressmaking &. Milliner}- School—
Patterns cut to measure; eve, class. 1019 Mkt.
EDUCATIONAL.
ANOTHER Enlarcemec: — California Business
College moves the first of the year to its
new borne, 901-925 Golden Gate ave.. occu-
pying 18,000 square feet, the entire top floor
of. the new Pioneer Automobile bldg.. oppo-
sie beautiful Jefferson square; every modera
Idea for health, comfort and progress of our
student*; departments all reorganized and re-
furnished; occupies larger space than any
other two business colleges on the coast;
Write at once for our 75-page Illustrated
catalogue, giving full information about our
25 cer cent removal discount. Address 300
Larkln st. ¦ -
ALWAYS the best— We are enlarging our
¦. quarters 60 per cent; other schools are mov-
I Ing farther out to secure clieap rent: our lo-
cation is central, among the business houses,
giving advantages in securing positions, also
convenient car service; experienced business
men as teachers: actual business bookkeep-
ing:. Gregg shorthand (used In half the
«choo!s In America); typewriter at home
free. SAN FRANCISCO BUSINESS COL-
LEGE. 1236 Market tt.
AYRES. the leading business college. 723 Mar-
ket st.: established IS years; life scholar-
ship. $50; bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typ-
ing, arithmetic, spelling, etc. ; positions se-
cured; the college refurnished with new
typewriters and furniture Jan. 1. Catalogue
free.
YOUN.G Italian gentleman, just arrived from
China, is willing to get daily English lea-
sons from American; state conditions; refer-
ences given if requested. Address box 3023,
Call office. -
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST. S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy. English branches; day
and night sessions'; Illustrated catalogue free.
CA L1FORNIA Business College. S03 Larkln st."
"A thorough school": positions secured for
graduates; modern methods; Individual In-
struction. . Write for illustrated catalogue.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the university, law and medical colleges;
ref.. President Jordan or any Stanford\profes-
sor: day and evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
HINMAN'S Academy; a thorough school of
dancing; established 20 years. 1412 Polk et..
between Pine and California; both adult and
children's classes are now open for the season.
HEALD'S School of Mines & Electricity. 24 Post
st., S. F. : a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
BANJO, mandolin, guitar thoroughly taught;
orchestra practice free to pupils. J. H.
MANSFIELD. 462 Geary.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday, Sun-
day evgs.. Teutonla Hall.- Howard St.. near
9th. Prof. Foster; society dancing taught.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. min.. mech.. sur-
vey. assay, cyanide; day, ev. ; est. 1SS4 Van
der Nalllen School. Ill Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ST\ JOSEPH'S ACADEMT. Peralta Park.
Berkeley, boarding school for boys under 15.
PRO. GENEBERN. Director.
PIANO lessons. 25c half hour. MRS. PECK,
experienced teacher. 10M Mission, nr. Sixth.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
¦ PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine st Night clas*.
KENT Law School; always open; conducted by
.¦ practical lawyers. 536 Parrott building.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping* grammar, writing
etc.; day or eve. : $5 mo. 1C24 Mission. nr.6th!
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
GET your help at PINE JAPANESeIeMPLOT-
MENT OFFICE and Housecleaning Co., 1X53
Pine, nr. Jap. M. K. Church; phone Polk 3ti68.
GEORGE AOKI. 421~Post st.r tel. Bush 135—
Japanese-Chinese employment office: fur-
nishes best help: contracts for farm help. etc.
A— ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese-
Chinese help. 426 Powell. Tel. Main 5752.
A — GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office. 413
Stockton: tel. Grant 16S: expert, reliable help.
SWEDISH and German Female Employment
Office, 115 Kranklif St.; phone Folsom 2S56.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice: all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 51S8.
CHINESE and Japanese h<>Ip; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main lftf>7. BRADLEY & CO.. BIO Clay.
EMPLOYMEVr ***•*¦* TED — FEMALE.
A SWEDISH woman wishes work by the day.
Tel. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter.
A GERMAN girl who speaks French and Kng-
Hsh wishes a position to perform upstairs
worki. 127 Third st.
DRESSMAKER wishes a few more ensage-
msnts by the day: $1 50. Address 335) Pros-
, pect.ave. Phone Capp S096.
A MIDDLE-AGED lady wishes to do general
housework; is a good cook: wages moderate;
' no cards answered. 057 Folsom st.
WANTED — By a Swedish woman, work by the
day: flrst-class laundress; can give best of
referencts. 1S27 Vallejo st. ¦;. *- ..?-.
YOUNG girl wishes u» do light housework;
plain cooking; small tamlly; 917 month.
.11 % Bruce Place.
DANISH girl 'wants situation as second girl
In private family. Address 1007 Hamp-
shire st.. city; call bet. 1 and *>
YOL'NO Eastern' girl - wishes pr-sltlon to do
second , work with Catholic family; good
wages required. I'ox 3C97, Call.
EASTERN girl wishes .position, as upstairs
: girl or general housework: good wages, with
nice family. Box 309S. Call. •
COMPETENT cook wishes position In private
family: .city or country. 2$13*.j Bush st..
near Baker. • ,
GIRL, first-class chambermaid, wishes posi-
tion in hotel; \ beat references. Call K)
Ivy ave. -
MID.DLE-AGEI> lady position with
Catholic, family as governess; speaks French
and German. 236A Seventh st!. from 10 to 4.
A FINN girl would like general housework
etc. .: *-'»3 Steuart st. "
YOUNG woman wants hpuse or office cleaning-
';J>1 SO a. day. , Address f)l« Howard «t.. rm. l!
GIRL wish's position at general housework
. and cooklnjr. Call 60 Ivy ave.
A FIRST-CLASS laundrewj wants work hw
the day. H-'.*3 Pine st. *
A SWEDISH girl want* situation to do gen-
eral housework in a private 1 ' family. Call
-, '. 2320 Twenty-third st. .
GERMAN woman would like place in country
as cook in hotel. : boarding-bouse, ranch \d-
;dresal2J Eiidy st;,' room -244, U.' S. Hotel.-.
¦ ¦ ¦ ' ¦ i ' \. <-u ; -,' ;>" j r - ¦ ' .¦¦¦¦''.
- ' I
By krinRirkfi your Want Ads to The Call
for insertion in'the He^t Sunday Issue
To All Want Advertisers
INITIAL .SEALS. '
r 1 Seals are certainly very pretty and« useful pre-
-!• miums and you will not regret- securing one. They may
be obtained by presenting. your Want Ads to The Call Busi-
ness Office, 11O8 Market Street or 1118 Broadway, Oakland. I
This offer is open to all Want Advertisers in Next Sun- \
day's Call. Ads for that issue will be received THURSDAY, j
FRIDAY and SATURDAY. ¦¦>; : : : : : . :" .-¦-:'¦ 1
BUSINESS CHANCES — Contlnnefl. _
$750— HALF interest in a light, pleasant' busi-
ness: large profits; legitimate . and -staple
as flour; present partner must go East; no
brokers; call and investigate. 510 Telegraph
ave., Oakland, Cal. ________
$o 0lV _ A DELICATESSEN store. 2 blocks from
Market st. ; splendid locality: good trade:
can be increased; exceptionally ¦ low rent;
just ' the place for man and wife. Bo*
CC02. Call office. - (
A PARTNER with $600 cash* can clear $1100
in S months- ; a new proposition to catch
suckers who want something for .,nothlng*.
beet cf references given. Bos 'J729, Call:
FOR talc— $o'X>; in good location; a good pay-
ing restaurant; American and Italian plan;
first-class opportunity. Inquire ' 17 Wash-
ington st. - •¦ ¦ - -
PARTY with $200 to !n\tet; light manufactur-
ing business; no experience required. *."'J2
Stockton rt., room 17. -
J2500 WILL buy loan office, with stock, safe
and fti.tures; cood location; lease: low rent.
Box 5002. Call. • ' .
$4">O — FIRST-CLASS, saloon; central location;
cheap; account health. Address box 892, Call
office, Oakland.
FOR sale — 10 cows, horse, wagon, harness,'
¦-- milk route paying $150 to $175 month. 405
Montgomery st. mo agents), room 4.
A RESTAURANT In Palo Alto. In center of
town; good trade; will sell reasonable. Box
2723. Call office. , ' •
BRANCH UAKERY— Doing good, business;
particulars, at 900 Dolcres St., cor. 22d.
HOME b&kery, candy, notions: nice furnished
rooms; make offer; good trade. 8 Mason st.
FOR sale — Tailoring business; good trade for
dyeing and cleaning worWs. Box 3240, Call.
SHOE store. 12 years' standing, for sale cheap;
good repairing trade. Box 3217, Call office.
FOR sale — Complete dyeing ' and cleaning
works; eood location. Box 2800,' Call office.
A BRANCH office of The Call for th* recep-
tlon of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Market . St., opposlt*
Fifth. Open until 11 n. m.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALES. ~
I Established IS -, years."
We will Bell any ' house
MARION an the installment flan.
GRIFFIN. Business — Is — Booming.
ICall. write or phene us
(for big free list of houses.
ITitle abstract furnished free.
[Room 400, "Examiner" Building.]
Phine Black 3607. Take elevator to 4th floor.
Corner "id and Market sts., San Francisco.
BARGAIN: 44 r.ooms. south of Market; 23
rooms newly furnished; electric lights; lease;
rent $Wi For sale only- by ,
v MARION GRIFFIN.]
HOW Is this? 16-room corner house, north of
Market, clearing $50 month, price $t>0i».
MARION GRIFFIN.]
SPLENDID 16-room corner In' high-toned
neighborhood; new, modern house; all bay-
window rooms; Axmlnster carpo's; golden
oak folding beds , with large mirror fronts;
dressers to match; a home full of permanent
roomers. MARION GRIFFIN.]
EXCLUSIVE— Rare bargain; family hotel; on*
of the best on the coast; handsome cprner
building of 100 rooms; private baths; tplendid
furniture and exceptional location; 6-year
lease: new and' modern In every dc-r-artment;
electric elevator: electric lights; Etrictly flrst
class: heart trouble. of owner Is enly cause
of sale. MARION OIHFFIN.] ..
HIGH-CLASS; downtown; 24 rooms: furnished
4 months ago with best of everything In fur-
niture, carpets and , bedding; clears $175. -
MARION GRIFFIN.] ¦
BONANZA — A first-class, strictly modern '
apartment house of 177 rooms; new building;
elegantly rurnished; low rent; long- lease;
clearing over JtJoO ' per month I above all i ex-
penses. MARION -GRIFFIN.]-
ANOTHER .swell apartment house 'of 106
rooms; magnificently and substantially fur-
nished throughout; long lease at less than
$0 per room; full of permanent roomers, r See
. MARION GRIFFIN.]
FASHIONABLE location;, 14 rooms; on sunny
corner; Brussels carpets; birdseye. maple- and
mahogany furniture;- must .be. sold at once
even if for less than half value; makeoffer. to
. . MARION. .GRIFFIN.] #
ULTRA gtylish private boarding-house; 32
rooms; on. Sutter et.; furnished, in elegant
mahogany 'and heavy, rich 1 velvet 'carpets;
5-year lease: clears $391 month. - 6ee< ;".--.*»*
- .7 . MARION • GRIFFIN.] .
GREAT reduction: 22 rooms; $1200; c!ears $95;
rent $100:'2-year lease; near. Empcrlum.-
MARION GRIFFIN.]
ONLY . $200 down and ¦ small payments .' for 8-
' room" corner flat, well furnished;- north of
Market; rent $30. See 1. , . .'.
• MARION. GRIFFIN.]
BEST hotel proposition. In this city; 83 rooms;
sunny; large dining-room: ;. rent -, only $234
month: % always full of • steady- boarders;
profit never less than $200 month; dissolution
of -partnership only reason;. prlce»$fi500;"well
worth - $10,000. MARION GRIFFIN, ' room
406 Examiner bldg. - -. &*.*-:;
THE^CALL
. •
JO~CKf P. gFBEC-ELS. Proprietor.
'turn CDEE-Blcauc-S ta loss mcsaoght, Kanagr
>V. J. MARTIN* Business Manager
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
n nect You With the Department You Wish.
Publication Office Market and Third. S. F.
Editorial Rooms". 217 to 221 Stevenson st.
Delivered by Carriers. 20 Cts. Per Week. 75
Cts. Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cents.
Terms by Mail. Including Postage (.Cash With
Order) ;
DAILY CALL Hnclud. Sunday). 1 year. ..SS.00
DAILY CALL (includ. Sunday). <J mos 4.<K)
PA1LY CALL— By Single Month «•*
SUNDAY CALL, 1 Year r52
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Year 1 °°
..„..,,... f Daily. . ..$S SO Per Year Extra
E£5Jrf5£ \ Sunday.. 4.15 Per Year Extra
POfcTAGt. I Weekly. . l.OO Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Cample Copies will be forwarder when re-
Quested.
Mall subscribers In ordering change of ad-
«re#s should be particular to give both NEW
AND OLD ALORESS in order to Insure a
prompt and correct compliance with their re-
OAKLAND OFFICE.
111S Broadway Telephone Main 1CS3
BERKELEY OFFICE.
2! iS Center Street Telephone North «7
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
MORTON n. CRANE 1406 G Street. N. W.
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
we'dorf-Astoria Hotel: A. Brentano. 31
Union Square; Murray Hll! Hotel; Flfth-ave-
rue Kottl and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House: P. O. News Co.: Great 1
Northern Hotel: Tremont House; Auditorium i
Hotel.: 1 'aimer Houce.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KKOGNESS...Marquett*- Building
iLcng Instance Telephone. 'V'entral "-619. )
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NET YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTON Herald Square
•EfPINESS OFFICE cf the San Francisco
Call, corner Market and Third streets; open
until 12 oYWk every right in the year.
BIIANCH OFK1CE6:
827 MontRcmery street, corner Clay; open un-
til »:30 v. m.
SOf» Hayes street: ot>en until 9:"0 p. m.
«Kt M< AHihter ureet ; cpri until 9:30 p. m.
?'lS I.«rk!n street: open until »:30 p. m.
1S»41 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
22« Market street, corner Sixteenth; open un-
til 0 b. m.
1^ Eleventh street; cjien until 9 p. m.
109f» Valencia streft: or p n until 9 V- ™-
Northeast corner C hurch and Duncan streets;
open until S p. m.
"Northwest corner t>f Twenty-second aDd Ken-
tucky streets; open until "J p. m.
C2°0 Fillmore gtr«^-t : "pfn until O p. w-^^_
MEETING .NOTICES.
A REGULAR~nT^ttr£r of Ycrba Bucna »
Lodge of Perfection No. 1. A. and A. [A
Scottish Rite of Freemasonry will /m\
txj held in Oommandcry Hall. Ma- ""— J— "
*onic Tempi", on THURSDAY EVENING.
January 7. iw;, at H o'clock. Degree *.
Visiting brrthr^n cordially invited.
HENRY BURNER. Secrcun.
MISSION Chapter No. 7J>, It A. M— •
Stated meeting THIS <THCRSDAY) "%/y
EVKNTNO 7:;;0.o<lork. Installation />f\
of orfictr*. By order nf the H. P.
JKO. R. HILLMAN. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA bade* No. 1. I", and A. «
M.. will meet THIS •THCRSDAYi'VSf
EVENING, st 7:50 o'clock. Ftatfd/V\
meeting.
FRANKLIN II. DAY. Secretary.
FIDELITT Lodge No. "DO. F. snd A. »
M.— Stated meeting THIS 'THLRS-Vy
DAYl nVET.ING Rt >.".n u'clock. By/V\
crd*-i- <->f BT. M.
FREDERICK BARRY. Secretary.
PACIFIC Lodge No. I3<>. F. and A. M.. _
Masonir Temrle. •»•!! meet THIS*vV
THURSDAY at 0:15 s. m.. to attend
th« lur;«?r»l of our 1st* brother. John
JICJc'l. Mi«l»r Masons *rc (nvitM
¦** ¦- - - - . - GEORGE PEXLtXGTOX. Setretan-.
tKjRIc LTKfcrr No _i»-..~f. an.1 "a7~M.— m
fctated rn»-(--ting THIS <THL'RSDA Y> "VKf
EVENING, at IMn o'clock, Bv order /S^
of the M«et»>r. ¦/¦*-'¦
* J R. GOLL'SMITH, Sec.
BT , AT!I 2 ? IT1E l^de* KiC.3W.Wf mni 'A; m
»!., ..]< iN-vlsadom — Stated ni"t-\A*
>n S THIS BVBXISa Rt 7:.» o'dc k. TG\
M»s;»>r Mpsons cnrdlallr invited. By
order cf r*i« W. m
. A * 7 A ' AX DEIISOX. ¦')' Secretary.
TEHBA BUENA Isxise No r. T~ ''
¦
•'an 7. brothers cor- '^HPSS"^-
Ciallj- :n\itc<l. B> nrd»t-
__«-HAS. A. WISKtVELL. Rec. Sec*,' °'
PACIFIC Lcdgp No. 155. I. n. o. _J_kvZT"
I' -Installaticn of nfricers TiU^^ieSKBSk.
¦ THUnSDAYt EVENING. .Ian =i£^«S«
7. |9O4. Lr-irc niit Ik> railed to ~*Q*iife&'
ord^r at 7::«». Visiting brothen onlially
Jnvlted. THORNTON TII«JMPSON N G
__ J.-g. MfcE. Rec. Ser.
GOLDEN VI. s-t IxxJgp No. 3T2, I. -M&iH^
O. '• F. -Ir.stallatioti ol ¦¦ffi r r ?.¦£%&%$*&•-
THIS iTIII'llSUAVl EVEN--^S__»
ING. Member*, be sure and at- '¦^Mt%5 ? "
fnd. Pcmpthing r<vjd in prospj^t. Lodge
csilled at 7:::u. O. W. MORPE. N. O.
PUBLIC, installation of^ officers «.f fr^T
the Master Mnriners' Bc-nevolent 1wfc<?"
AasoriaMon »ill be held at Red fl.L *
Men's Hall. ?.2n roFt rt.. THURS-
DAY EVENING. January 7. at 7:."0 o'clock
fharp. Mrmbrr*' tickets admitting member
and one Ia<3y can be had at the dojr.
THH pfflrrrF and memtjen . — |
rf Golden <ia"= • stu!. Nil * t «^y M
• iii^^tfi ;.. attend th«
frncral of 1 ur l«* r - i> ;ch-
, btr. FRANK U. ORIF-
FIN. THURSDAY. January 7. at 8:30, from
-..-I Brj'ant et.
n*_t. <">rtTt. '^onsul Commander.
JOHN T. OTm.NNELL. Clerk.
_TfJ«;KHOLDEIlS" MEETING < Annual)— To
the HtocVholdrrs of the »»<-canic t"t»>ain!-.liip
Company — Pl'35«> take notice that Itsr an-
rual meeting of the Fto<krioldcrs of the
t>ceanio Fteamfhip Company aritl b» held at
th» rrinr-ipal office of th<- i-ompany <i. c,
."27 Market Ft., room 4. r-rcond floorl in
the oily and county of s^an Fran<-ii=oi. State
of California. 011 THURSDAY the *"lEt «Jar
of January. A. D. 1904. at II) o'clock a. in.,
. for the purpoi" 1 of elating directors an«l fcr
th» tranfartion of pu<h other business as
may projvrly come before the moctlng. The
¦tflck transfer books of the company will be
<-Iop«1 ten <IO» days prior to said day of
meeting. By ord«r of the Hoard of Directors
• II. W. THOMAS. Secretary Oceanic Steam-
ship Company. «27 Market et., San Fran-
cisco.- Cal. »«
ANNUAL MUET1NG— Notice Is hereby given
that the fifteenth annual meeting of the stock,
holders of the San Francisco and Oakland
Mutual Loan Association will be held at the
rfflce of the corporation. 518 Montgomery st..
Pan Franc1«co, on Wednesday, January G
lf»04. et 3:r;0 p. 111.. for the purpose of elect-
ing <5irecto,-s fcr the ensuing year, presenta-
tion of Ihe fifteenth annual re i>ort and the
transaction of such other business that may
rt>nif before the meeting. Books are now open
for the pubycrlptlon to 1000 shares Of stock
of the sixteenth series. By crder of the Board
of Directors.
A. SBARDORO. Secretary.
ANNL" AL meeting— Tho regular annual meet-
ing of th< *to.-khnidrrs of the Pajaru Valley
Consolidated Railroad Company will b» h»!d
lit tbe office of the company, .527 Market
*tr»et. San Fr«ncis<-n.*on MONDAY, the ISth
<J«y «t January. lf**4, nt the hour of 11
o'clock a. m.. for the purpose of electing a
board of directors to serve fcr the ensuing
v«sr and for the transaction of euch other
"mslneiw a* may come before the meeting.
The transfer books of the company will close
en Friday. January lft. 1904. at 3 p. rn.
" ' W. H. HAN NAM. Secretary.
ANNUAL Meeting — The annual meeting of the
stockholders of the Kprlng Vall»y Wat»r
Compariy ¦ will be held et th« office, of the
ccmr-any. No. 12« Stockton «.. at 12 o'tlock
nocn. en WEDNESDAY, the 13th day of
January. 15HH. for the election of directors
to — •ri.e for the ensuing year, and for the
transaction of such other business as may
come before the meeting.
PELHAM W. AMES. Secretary.
Fan Francisco. California. December 30.
1003. *
THE annual meeting of the stockholder* of
the Nevada National Bank cf San Fran-
rlreo. Cal.. will be held at Its . banking
bouse. 3U1 liostgoxxiery street. San Fraa-
Cisco. • Cal.. on Tuesday. January 12. 1904.
•t 3:18 p. tn.. for the election of dirvtors
to-eerv* daring the • ensuing . rear, and for
the traacartlon of euch ether business aj
nay come before the meeting.
GEORGE CRAI.'T. Bee.
fan Francisco. Dec. 12. lp03.
A WCrK'P news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
I« pages. In -rrarper. fcr mailing. $1 per year.
ifiilMlJL^JS.^ 11 ° us KS FOR SALE — On.
A. CAMERON _~CO^ "phono^SouTh WiO.
.'" Eddy St.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters tor rooming-houses, hotels and
all kinds of business chances.
220 rooms; stand new modern apartment-
hotiB*; elegantly' furnished; swell location;
clearing $400 to $600 per month; golden op-
portunity.
15 rooms; Van Ness;- oak and mahogany
furniture;, a bargain .if taken at- once.
SS rooms; bonton location:' elegant build-
. ing: luxuriously furnished; all modern con-
venrences; grand entrance and halls; strictly
up-to-date; called East by sickness. <
12 rooms; Post: oak fur., Brus. carpeti;
clears $50; $300 cash, bal. on installments;
price $S0O. ;
S9 rooms; new and elegant building; fur-
nished beautifully and uu-to-date; hot and
cold water every room; $10C0 cash necessary.
o0 rooms; rent $35; fine location; all on two
n-wrs; 3 years' lease; clears $100, all full;
. 125 ro"ms; .first-class downtown house; 5-
vear lease; cheap rent; private baths; doing
fine commercial business; reduced; see this.
47 rooms; rent only J125; good lease; fine
location; some apartments always full; clears
11C rooms; new and elegantly appointed
apartment house; one of thfe sweilest In city:
clearing $5W> to $600 per month; splendid
opportunity.
7-room new modern flat; $45O_«ash bal-
ance on installments; income $45; price $550.
24 rooms: rent $140; newly furnished; fin*
. neighborhood; close in; always full.
162 rooms; most elegantly appointed' apart-
ment house in San Francisco; beautiful mod-
ern building; fine entrance; cheap rent: clear-
ing $400 per month; 5-year lease; part cash;
balance S per cent per year.
19 room's; cor. : rent- $05; oak fur.: good
carpets, hair mattresses: part cash, balance
on time.
22 rooms; rent $75: never changed hands;
all men: steady roomers ths year around:
clears $S5 Der month: first-class business
district; price $1SCO.
6 rooms: rent $45: oak fur.: moquet car-
pets; furnished 4 months; clears $45; see this.
IS rooms: fine sunny c-ner: rent only $S0;
well furnished; all outside rooms; fine yard;
clears $100.
58 rooms: rent $250; 2 years' lease; well
furnished th-oughout: close in: first-class
boarding house: clearing $250 per month.
• i 5 rooms and bath; rent $1S; water free;
new modern flat, furnished 1 year; price $300.
M rooms; Bush; rent only $162; good fur.,
carpets: clearing over $200 per month: only
. 14 rooms tu take care of,' balance do own
work; a sn*p.
.15 rooms: Van Ness; rent $S5; oak. ma-
hogany furniture; always full; price $1200:
almost new. «
1
M rooms: cheap rent: furnished last June:
oak fur.. Krus. carpets; clears over $250 per
month; half cash, balance 1 per cent; owner
sick in bed.
7 rooms; rent *38; modern house: new fur-
niture; clears $50; only $400 cash balance
time. ; . - . .
_ 14 rccms; rent $40: n»w and modern little
boarding-house; . fine furniture; hair mat-
l"£™ e8: clcarl "S over $200 per month: price
8. rooms: fine flat: rent only $37 50; well
furnished; very central; snap, at $500.
24 rooms; rent only $125; first-class con-
dltion;_oak,. mahog.. blrdseye ¦ maple' fur.,
extra fine carpets;.- clears f70: price $2000;
half cash. bal. l>,. per cent. .
25 rooms, rent only $100: lease; very cen-
tral; well fur, . clearing $120: must leav^
city within 10 days: reduced to $1400; snap.
r"13 rooms, rent $55: good fur.; carpets all
full, and clean; price, only $600.,
HAPPY NEW;. YEAR TO' ALL! ~
- . •„'- RING UP MINT 706 thV Whole Year
C/E. HINKLEY. 1020 MARKET St . opp. Mb!
.10 rooms; Bush st.;. rent $37 50: only. ... .$450
4 32 rooms: Market at.; 5 years' lease $2500
¦ IB rooms; boarding; offer wanted. ...... $»0(>
17 rooms; rent , $45; ; clears 1 $60.'.'. .-. $«5<»
¦100 rooms; grand sunny,, corner...'. ...... ..$"000
40 rooms; Van. Ness ave.: worth$3000. ..$1«00
, » rooms;., cheerful anrl , homelike .*175
IS rooms; 6 unfurnished; rent $45.. ..$500
35 rooms: transient;; lea»» .*. ;•. : :... $15iiO
20 rooms: lease; electric lights..', i. ;..... ,$K50
S rooms: Post st.: rent $32: only... .... ..$250
SNAP— » rooms; nicely furnished; rent $40;
a gift af$I<5. :¦¦ . HINKLEY. 1020 MA RKET.
A— 12 ROOMS: MARKET, AND MASON.
TRANSIENT: -.FORCED SALE.
$50 CASH. BALANCE TERMS. ' '..
SEE « SKIRM - QUICK. - PHONE • GREEN . 631.
ROOM 72. ST. , A N N' S ; BLDQ. , 6, EDDY ST.
$1250— GOOD corner house of 15 rooms; north
Market: good -location. -8' Mason st.
EMPLOYMENT WAATEP— FEMALE.
?^_^%^ b^rr^ 5
small family. 1«2 Sixth st. ,
Washington st.. bet. Stockton and Powell.
A COMPETENT woman wishes » , slt "?erencl"
a private family as cook :. good ref erene*
good co. k: won't answer cards, call at W
FoUom s>t. . r .'. ' .
YOUNG girl wants position to do ««» er *!
housework: 5 years In last place: from £*
East; no postal cards; $25 per month. -.»
Clara at., near Sixth. ,
YOUNG French girl would like "-Ituatlon in
private family to take care of children and
do sewing. 1604 Point Loboa ave.
S1TV\TION wanted for waitress and UDStalrs
glrV: wages. $25. 130 Twelfth ave.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions recalved at
Call Branch Office, cor. Duncan _ Churcft sts.
WANT ads and •* b9CTl V ti °£\} lk }?^ t l?. T a ? h *
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. U?j McAllister st.
E31PLOY.WEXT
FIRStCcLASS coachman and gardener best
of reference*. Scandinavian, wants a situa-
tion. See J. F. CROSETT * CO.. <_S Sac-
ramento st. -
TRUSTWORTHY young man who « s ¦« «'
perienced stenographer, desires a position m
that capacity solely to better himself . San
Francisco oV. Oakland; references. Box «10O,
Call office.
A YOUNG man with experience as a tray«llns
salesman and thoroughly acquainted with th-
trade wants a position; salary or cpmml*.
slon; Brat-class references. Box 304 >. Lai..
YOUNG maa desires clerical position In San
Francisco wholesale house; has had experi-
ence In offlc-s of wholesale grocery houses.
references. Box 3C5!>. Call. __
AN engineer. American, used to hoisting and
stationary engines, would like a Do-itton of
trust: can furnish references from prcsen.i
e m pioycr. L. M.. box 3205.. Call.
YOLNO man wants position as chorcman on
-ranch or in private family; sober, reliable.
. Box 3045, CalL *
YOUNG man lately arrived from th^ E-st
wants p. sltion ns gardener or assistant: cttr
or country. Address box SO". Call. Oakland.
EXPEBXZXCED >oun^ man wishes work as
plumbers helptr. Box 3043. Call. - /_ •_-
GERMAN milker wants situation. Box SOW.
Call office.
POSITION wanted— A reliable married man:
harness and can milk: wife' apod cook and
laun-lress; references, i?. P.. 77 Ninth at.
RELIABLE coachman wishes a position; thor-
oughly understands care of hors'B, carrlasei
and harness: general roan around place; good
re forence. W. P.. 77 Ninth st.
WANTED — Position as engineer on freezing
plant; S year^ experience erecting and run-
ning same: Uo own repairs. Apply box
uO24. Call. __
A SOBER, industrious man wants position la
business house, or to drive wagon; thor-
oughly acquainted with the city. Addres3
box 3019, Call office.
ELDERLY man wants work; private- family;
horses, cardenins; useful in general: refer-
ences; wages moderate. Box 3053. Call.
COMPETENT young man stenographer, four
years' railroad experience, wants position
any kind. Box 3048. Call.
YOUNP man well acquainted In city wants
position as salesman, collector; best of ref-
erences. Box 3025. Call.
ENGINEER wants position: understands steam
and electrical: all kinds of work around
building. Box 3027, Call.
A YOUNG man, first-class eggr randier, best
references from New York, desires position
in a wholesale house at once. Box 3223, Call.
A YOUNG man with the best of city refer-
ences, good salesman, wishes a position as
drummer. Box 3018. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS carpenter wants work by th*
day or lobbing. Please call at 1S32 Powell
gt., S. F.
MINE blacksmith and tool sharpener wants
position; best references. Box 3021. Call.
A BAKER, good all-round man, wants poaltioa
in country. Bex 2742. Call.
GOOD cook wants situation In restaurant or
boarding-house. Call (*59 Folsom st.
FIRST-CliASS non-union handsaw, sticker or
shaver man wishes position. Box 2734. Call.
JAPANESE. honest an<i faithful. desire*
housework in family and will work for
small wojses. SEKI. room 10. Avandeil. 120
Ellis st.
JAPANESE experienced boy wants a position
as. a schoolboy. S. YO&HI. 807 Polls St..
Japanese Mission.
JAPANESE boy dealres position as schoolboy
and housework. 637 Ptne St.
~LATS~TO *LET.
A — HOUSES and flats to let: an lmajjns* list;
service absolutely fre«: taka advantage of
this department: it will save you tim« and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-253 Geary
St., on the square.
ALL of the most desirable flats and houses ar«
listed in our renting department: let us gtv»
yoa a list and help you find one In the loca-
tion you want. STERLING FURNITURE
COMPANY. 1039 Market St.; services abso-
lutely free.
McAI^LISTER, 331 — Unfurnished parlor floor;
4 rooms and bath; adults; $28.
MODERN sunny middle flat, 5 rooms and bath
15H Noe St.. near 15th st.; rent reasonable*
$7 — LOWER flat and large yard. 72«*-i Harri-
son «t.. between Third and Fourth.]
\ FLATS TO LET Fl'RXISHED.
$45— NEW sunny uprer fiat; 6 rooms - il el
gantly furnished. l*.*0S Waller St.. 10 to 4.
FLATS FOR SALE FCRXISHEdI
ElGHT-room flat for sale; good location- after-
noons. 5SO Geary st.
FURNITURE of 4-rcom flat; $65; rent $12.
1133 Si Howard st.
SUNNY S-room modern flat at a sacrifice; 10
to 4. 2307 Van Ness av>.
rACIAX. MA3SAQE.
A— WRINKLES removed: fine complexion ruar-
anteed; new method; 50c. M. LUTON mani-
curing parlors. 7m Larkln St.; phone Polk 17.
¦~~"~"****~~~"*****~— ~— *— ~— ~— ¦ ~— » — — — — ¦ ————_. — _ _ _— ,
FINANCIAL. •
COMPANIES incorporated, financed and stock
floated. W. H. BITTNER. Lawyer and Fl*
nanclal Ag-nt. 322 Emma Spreckela bldg.
. "~ ~~* ¦
PUY SCOAL GOLD NOW.
FURNITURE WASTED.
A — Highest price paid for fur., carpets. etc. Mr*
T. B. Selby. Equitable Fur. Co,. 812 Larking
HIGHEST prices for furniture and mdse. L. H
BURP, auctioneer. 1313Mkt.; tel. Howard 2758!
A WOLLPERT, 773 Mission? phon« Red 4482~
buys, rents, repairs, packa furniture, carpets.
HELP \% ANTED— FEMALE.
COOK, small sanitarium. $U0; 2 cooks.
American families. $40. %X>\ 4 cooks 1 Ger-
man style, no wash. $30, $05; 3 parlor maid*,
city and Oakland. $:'.o; 4 sorond girla. S20.
$23: ma Id and seamstress. $25: H waitresses.
hotel and restaurant. S_j. $st; mother and
daughter an cook and nurse $25 $is- 4
chambermaid!", wait one "meal. $20 $23
housework. Alameda. $30: 6« general hnuae-
work. city ami country. $20. $25. $.H>. App-
to J. F. CROSETT A CO.. 334 Sutter st.
A .^A UN ?. nESS *,,* :!0: *'™"« K*rl. fa*nTily~oT. -t.
i $10: waitress. $.10; ,-ook. $35; house girl £'
thambermald. hotel. *2«: num« g| r | * /-•''
_hou3ek«-epf>r. JKO. MRS. NORTON. SIP, S U - -
COOK; woman, in institution; $10 and fou'"'* '
CAL. EM P. A^ENt'Y. 14 Third, nr. Call bldg.
A— WANTED— Girls to learn halrdresslai""
manicuring, etc.; trad* taught from A to z
In 2 week*; $3 to those entering now 3 \JZ.
. stttoitt to fill immediately: positions gua.-1-T ¦
teed at $10 per week up; leading school *-
West. 233 Geary st.. room 13. "• ao °*
A — Girls to learn millinery now for sprlna-i - "
son; both reasons taught from start to ' *-
In 1 month for $10: positions a fl trim 1 ,'
salesladies, etc.. guaranteed at $10 t>»r wfcV^
day and »ven>ng class. 143jStocktonat.Tr. if.'
A-LADIES to learn all branches, halrdr^si^,
trade; manicuring, massage, etc. 12M m»,
ket «t.. cor. Jones, room 94; positions secured
at highest wages: day and eve. cUss ; call
G I RL for houwwork; s-mall family; rTTTh"
dren; pleasant home^jM 5 _t_j_Eddy »t
YOUNG cirl for otatn housework. 333"Gu«r
rero st.: call 10 a. m. to 4 p. m . -
A WOMAN accustomed to t»arhtn- fnp i, t ~,.~
tive position, ttox 30Cm. Call ' f *"
GIRL for second work at 1230 Post «.
LOPGIM; HOUSES FOR SALE— Con.
CALIFORNIA INVESTMENT CO.. -
Phono Black tiOCl. 777 V s Market st.
Bank Reference.
Fcr barcaln.s see the old reliable agents,
CAL. INVESTMENT CO., 777V, .Market *t.
GREATEST bargain? on the market; 45 room;-:
= 29 rooms newly furnished; chance for 1« of
your furniture; bargain for $I75O; 5 years'
lease; rent enly $S5; :: blocks of Market;
lease worth double this price: exclusively
with CALIFORNIA INVESTMENT CO.
40 ROOMS; nicely furnished; fine- transient
'house; grand loca.: 2 entran. ; clears $250 to
$-">Qi> mo.; bargain at $.".00i>. 777*5 Market st.
Si ROOMS: N. Market: lease: rent $:' 50 room:
flno transient: grand corner location; price
only C22&0.T" Full* particular*'- 777 1 '. Market
st. CALIFORNIA INVESTMENT CO. .
LOlKilNG-IlOUSE. V,S rooms, in a good loca-
tion on Powell St.. paying me a clear profit
of $120 J per month: house full; reasonable
rent; look at this; I will sell low. as I must
leave the city. Kox 27rs. Call office.
FOR SALE — A BOARDING-HOUSE: MEDIUM
SIZE; ELEGANTLY FURNISHED; LOCA-
TION BEST IN THE CITY: LEASE;
OWNER LEAVING TOWN. BOX 2856.
CALL OFFICE. ' '
NICE house at 00:i*-i Washington St., Oak-
land; 1C rooms; front rooms all sunny; suite
or single: price S9CO.
CHEAPEST and best tn America— The Weekly
Call, 10 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
SPIHITUALISM.
AT Master Adepts'. 12:10 Market st. — Test
circles Thurs. and Frl. evgs.. 10c; people
get more than some mediums give for fl.
PROF. Fred P. Evans, noted psychic tor slate-
writing and clairvoyance; stamp for circular.
1112 Eddy st., nr. Octavla: phone Scott S87.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing seance Friday,
8 P. m.: ?I. 10H4 Bush St.
MRS. EHERHARDT'S spiritual test meeting
tn-nlght: 10c. ;:i'5O Twenty-second st. I
MME. YOL'NG'S convincing test circle to-
night, 10c: readings dally. 619 McAllister.
MRS. C. C. KOTTER. circle every nlg'.it, 10c;
card reading 25c; sittings daily. 43 Sixth it.
MRS. L. HODGSON, circles Wed., Thur.. Fri7
Sat.. Sun. eve.; sittings daily. 148 «th, r. IB.
EDWARD, EARLE. ID.VJ F.ltls. readings dally.
0:30 to 4. y«anc«>» Sunday and ThumrtaT.
CL'A IHVOVA .\ TS. ~
A — Call at Once and Save $2.
My Regular $3 Reading This Week for
$1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $l
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE.
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever In San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and ruarantee'to
make no charge If 1 fall to tell your name, oc-
cupation and what you called for: I promise to
tell you whether husband, wife of sweetheart Is
true or false; tell you who and wh?n .you will
marry. In fact. I will tell you every hope, fear
or, ambition better than you can tell yourself;
he restores lost afiections, reunites the separat-
ed, causes speedy and happy marriage; makes
you successful and urotperous;; cures . dlseace
and lost vitality; 10 a.m. to 8 p.m.; Sun., 2 to b.
. . yjt) O'Farrell st.— 32C.
MME. M. BERNARD. i THE FAMOUS
. Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently lcca'ed at 17 Third st~. next Examiner
bldg. : she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate dtrcrlptlon of the past, reveals the
present halftonings and portrays even's to
occur in the future: If you are In trouble, dis-
contented or not satisfied with life, or have
domestic, love or business troubles, consult
¦ this great medium and you will be told how
to overcome them: valuable advice in all af-
fair*, of . life: .25c up: satisfaction guaran-
teed: readings by mall Tel. Black 45t'J.
ISMAR. Hhe Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant «nd
palmist.- permanently located at llm Market
St., cor. Turk; priv&te readings daily. 10 a.
m. to 5 p.m.; readings by mall as satisfac-
tory as In person; 3 questions answered," $t-
full life, »$5; send lock of hair, date, of year
of birth: don't s?nd currency;send pestoffic-e,
Wtlls-Fargo money order or registered letter.
MME. MARCELLA.just returned- "from: ex-
tendt-d tour, reads past, present and future
by ancient Egyptian egg method and Le Nor-
mand: carde; fee. $1. 161.1 Lyon St., bet
Bush and Pine; phone Geary 2657. . :
MRS. A. H. KRONENBERG. 'palmist, clalr-
¦ voyant,- card reader: when others fall try me-
good reading 10c. 721 Franklin.tnr. G. G. ave!
MRS. WYZAN. gifted clairvoyant.: test me:
;. dlum;< ladles 10c, gents 25c. - 1008'Harrison
St., near Sixth. .: ,
MISS ZEMDAR. young gifted clair. and palm.: i
names:.L. SOc. G. $1. 714 FrankHn.nr.G.O.av.
A— Mme.' Ravejina' reads life, business advice-
names given; 25c up. 5 4th st..:near Market.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader re-
- moved from 132 «5th to 23*4 6tH;'la. 25cV g. 50c.
OLDEST lady paimlst and card read'r In city.
. 2tS',i Kearny. room 20; ladles. 25c: gents'. 50c.'
MISS WARD, removed to J»17 Market, rs. 11-12;
' gives names, dates, facts. . Hours 11 to 9 D.m.THE- SAN FRANCISCO GALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 7, 1904.
11
: BBAL ESTATE CITY FOR SALE.
EASTON, ELDi«DG'E fe'cOMPANYi -
. G3S MARKET STREET.
$16,C00-.Rents $1740 per annum; 5 new flats,
. ; . containing G large . rooms and porcelain
. bath' each; tiled sink; 11-foot basement;
U" .separate store* rooms; concrete founda-
. .' tion; located on best street In the Mis-
sion warm belt.
$14,CCQ— Rents $1500 per annum; business In-
vestment; 2 stores and 2 flats of 8 rooms
< ,;each: modern In every respect; built 1
-'? year; stores leased by • first-class dry-
goods firm; lot 50x100.,,
$8,500—3 flats, Halght Et., near Fillmore; all
rented; mortgage $4200 can remain; this
portion of Halght street is a natural
location for stores. :
$6,500 — Geary-et. residence, near Buchanan:
27:6x137:6 lot; 8 rooms and bath; rent-
ed very low at $40 per month; could be
changed into 2 flats and store at slight
outlay -and be made to pay handsomely.
$5,800— Business investment; south of Market
street; store and 2 flats of 6 and 7
rooms; brick foundation; rented to^gocd
tenants at $612 per annum; remember
.. that the future of thla section of the
city Is assured.
$5,250-t-Minna st.. near 6th: -4 separate flats,
4 rooms each; rented, to first-class ten-
' ants for $50 per month; rents could
easily be Increased. '
$4,500—2 Mission flats, 22d St.; rented for
$4S0 per year: 4 and 5 rooms and bath;
street -sewered, graded and macadam-
ized.
$3,600 — 2 baautiful little flats: Clement St..
near Second ave. ; 4 and 5 rooms and
bath: present rents low at $384 per an-
num; easy terms can be had; electric
I cars pass .door; this is an exceptional
™ opportunity.
$3,200—2 flats on Minna St.; rents $384 per
year; small Interest bearing Investments
in this district are exceedingly scarce,
so call early for description.
$1,SCO — 2 flats, E. of Van Ness ave.: rented
.. i i for $192 per annum; mortgage of $800
¦ can remain. •
$1,650— Cheap building lot; 13th st.. near Fol-
som; this is a positive sacrifice; don't
miss it; easily worth $2250. /
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & COMPANY.
C38 MARKET ST.
ROOMS FOR HODSEKEEPIXG.
El' CARMELO^-Beautiful apartment house;
Just completed. 1019 Washington St.. near
Van Nesa ave.; 3, 4, 5 and 6 rooms and bath
with each ; finished in , natural woods ; tiled
bath rooms,* etc; genteel residence location;
,' convenient - to car lines; rooms large and
•„ sunny; must be seen to be appreciated. ' »
•GEARY. 1002 — Nicely furnished- sunny rooms.
en suite Or single; housekeeping privileges;
, running water;. gae; reasonable. - .
HAIGHT. 218—2 splendid rooms, $20; also very
• sunny front room, with kitchen-. $17 60. '
HYDE, 414 — Two completely furnished sunny
rear basement hkpg. rooms; bath, etc.; $14.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments, 1340 Pine at.,
near Hyde — Sunny 3-room furnished suites;
steam heat: electric, lighted;, free baths;
i rates . $30 up^ ?
MCALLISTER, 1144 — Sunny furnished or un-
furnished rcoms; housekeeping or otherwise.
MINNA. 514 — Nice housekeeping room.
MODEL House, 120ti Stockton — Newly furnished
hskpg., single rms.. $5-$12; gas, bath, phone.
POLK, 1020, near Geary— Neatly furnished
front housekeeping rooms; reasonable.
SEVENTH, 191 — Nice sunny rooms for house-
keeping^
SHOTWELL. 625 — Two sunny furnished rooms
- for lieht housekeeping; bath.
SUTTER, 2(520 — Furnished bedroom, dining-
room, kitchen, yard, bath: use parlor.
TURK. 507—3 or more front rooms, Including
kitchen; 3 beds; private. < . * ¦
APAItTMIlfT HOUSES.
MONTCLAIR APARTMENTS. "~
Corner Pine and Taylor sts.; beautiful new
modern apartments; all sunny corner suites;
furnished or unfurnished; none superior; ma-
rine view. LYON & HOAO. 116 Montgomery.
t THE GABLES.
Cor. Clay and Larkin sts. — Modern 3-4-5-room
up-to-date apartments; furnished or unfur-
nished; all latest conveniences ; reservations
can be made on premises, 1 to 4; terms reas.
ST. CECILE, 115 Fell St.. above Van Ness— Th«
acme of perfection in modern, elegantly fur-
nished 3-room apartments; private bath"..
steam heat. ' ielec.' lights, elevator, gas ranges.
ST. LOUIS. 1575 Jackson St.— Modern 3-4-3
rooms, also single; furnished or unfurnished;
marine view; now open; references. ;
AUGUSTINE, 045 Post— 3 and 4 rooms; fur-
nished new and ud to date.
HADDON HALL. T~~"
051 EDDY ST. REFERENCES.
ROOMS TO LET; — Forn.and I'nfurn.
AURORA, corner Second and Folsom sts. — New
house, new furniture; every room outside;
modern and sunny; prices from $1 50 per
week up; this is the only up-to-date house In
this vicinity; first-class grill attached.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth st.— Rooms
25c to 51 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
ABERDEEN. 636 Sutter— Just opened; hand-
somely fur.; cor. suites; bath; sun all day;
fine view; single rms.; tourists; excl. location.
AT "The Almonte," 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth st.)— Rooms. 25c. 50c, $1, $1 60 night;
$1 50 to $10 week: house open all night.
AT the Plerpont, 400 Ellis— Newly furnished
rms.; elevator; hot & cold water; transient.
BURNETT. 1428 Market (old No. 136-1)— Fur-
nlshed rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH, 806 — Single rooms, private family, for
gentlemen with best references; no sign.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
ELLIS. 1000 — Large furnished room to let;
$3; gas.
ELLIS, 1009, near Scott— Nice large furnished
room; gas;" bath; phone; $8.
FILLMORE, 928, near McAllister St.— Nicely
furnished room In a fine locality; car line
passes the door: reasonable.
FOURTH. 475 (first floor)— Nicely furnished
room in private family; rent reasonable.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 50c
to $1 50 night; $1 to $3 week: readlpg-room.
LARCHMONT. 361 Sutter— Sunny rooms; elec-
tric lights; elevator; central; transient.
MANHEIM.-6S2 Sutter— Sunny front rooms;
strictly first class; transient.
MISSION, . 1514, near . Eleventh — Large sunny
front room: 1 or 2 gentlemen; $2 25 week.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis— Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms per night. 35c to $1 50; week, $2
to $8; month. $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
ST. JAMES, McAllister and Laguna — A sunny
furnished single room; rent $7.
SUMNER, 22 — 2 sunfly unfurnished front
rooms.
SUTTER. 1022%. near Hyde— Large sunny
double parlors, with kltch., laboratory; reas.
THE FREMONT.. 1884 MARKET ST.— Strictly
first-class elegantly f urn. rooming hotel.
Tel. South 1133. Capt. H. O. Ulberg. Prop.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market— 400
rooms. -15c to $1 night. $1 75 to $6 week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water In every
room; elevator, read.-room; free bus; baggage.
VAN NESS, 519 — Handsome sunny furnished
suites and single rooms; all conveniences. >
WINCHESTER Hotel. '44 3d St.. near Market —
Most convenient and respectable: 700 rooms:
35c to $1 50 night; $2 to $S week; elevator;
- elec. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
-WOLF ¦ Houm. 202 Sixth— Electric light In
every room:- ronm from 15c to 51 per night.
75c to $5- per week: open all night.
ADVERTISEMENTS.^ subscriptions received at
Call Branch offlce, cor. Duncan A Churc* sts.
ROOMS AND nOAKD.
a^^^^^^^t^l^^tImSr^ ~w—-^,
van ness ave.. near geary st.
AMERICAN PLAN.
PHONE PRIVATE EXCHANGE 700.
SELECT FIRST-CLASS FAMILY HOTEL.
HOT AND COLD. OCEAN WATER. • ¦
¦ SPECIAL RATES BY THE MONTH.
MUNGER & ZEBERG. PROPRIETORS.
ELEGANT front, ¦ sunny » alcove room; running
¦ water, ' gas, ; bath; suitable for. two. -with
-board: private family; also another room.
• 1221 Golden Gate ave.: phone Stelner 3<32t>.
CALIFORNIA. 1246— Most select location In
modern.- elegantly furnished private home;
: ; stable : unsurpassed; marine view.
HOTEL MARTINET. Geary st. and Van Ness
ave.. has changed hands; hereafter conducted
. ¦ first -class family hotel; table-board specialty.
HOTEL ELSMERE,- 41S Sutter— Sunny rooms;
excellent. tafcl?:, from $-10; single ?25.
HOTEL WALLACE. Van Ness and O'FarreH—
Rooms with board $25 per. month.
NEWPORT, 1018 Pino, near Taylor — Large gun-
- _ ny bultts; also single room; excellent table.
FURNISHED rooms with board. 740 Ellis St.
RBAL ESTATE— -CITY— FOR SALE-
AUCTION
HENRY STERN
(Of David Stern & Sons),
• THURSDAY. JANUARY 14. 1904.
At 12 o'clock noon.
At Salesroom,
11 MONTGOMERY ST.
•¦¦¦-. ¦ COLE STREET. ¦¦-'--
¦j 100 25 I 25 I 25 I 25 I 25 I 25 I 25 I
i I . ¦ - --¦:-. ',- :¦:
n e;
S | * .. I
!"• 137:6 137:6 fc
gg ¦ ; _s-
§? ; _^
: ;
— - ' " ~ "— — ~ ¦ j
g 137:6 137:6 % »
3^ io ° I _ . n
u~ '
** 100
b 25 | 25 25 25 25 25 ( 2S |
CLAYTON STREET.
STREET WORK DONE.
FACING GOLDEN GATE PARK.
38 CHOICE RESIDENCE LOTS. .
FELL ST.. BOULEVARD AND PANHANDLE.
FELL. HAYES. CLAYTON AND COLE STS.
¦40 per cent cash, balance at 6 per cent In-
terest. - ' ""
For fucther particulars apply to ¦
HENRY STERN, 11 Montgomery et.
AUCTION— By order of Public Administrator
we will offer the following property at auc-
tion Monday. January 11.-1004, at 12 o'clock
noon at our salesroom, subject to confirma-
tion *by the- court: No. 12S Welch Et.. north
line off Fourth st., bet. Bryant and Bran-
nan; Improvements consist : of stable and
tenements: rents 59 per month; lot 23x75.
_ G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 20 Montgomery st.
15500— COR. store, flat, cottage, with stock of
groceries and bar. ,.
$0500 2 new flats, 5 and 6 r. and b. on Dor-
land st.; rents $G2* 50 per month.
D. COFFIN & CO., 3303 Mission st.
CALIFORNIA House Wrecking Co. pays the
highest price for buildings and will wre,ck
the largest building completely within 10
days. Northwest corner Mission' and Tenth
sts.. offlce and yard.
FOR sale — CS 3-12x137:6 on Pacific st.: under
lease: $S5 per month ground rent. Inquire
CHAS. C. BEMIS, 208 Hayward building.
BUILD on your unimproved realty: we loan
full ccst Improv. and part lot at 6 per cent.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building.
CHIMNEY tops set up. roofs repaired by
Ahlbach & Mayer, plumbers. 836 Howard st.
LOTS N or S side of Golden Gate Park, pur-
chased by W. J. GL'NN. SSO California tit.
REAL ESTATE — Country — For Snle.
718 ACPES near Mayfleld. 11 miles from San
Jose: 100 acres full bearing prunes: large
vineyard; all good land; water piped every-
where; Immense concrete reservoirs; fine
houses, stables, barns, etc.; fenced In S fields;
cost $100,000: price S50.000. THORNE &
KILPATRICK. 312 Bush st, San Francisco.
$10 A MONTH buys a 10-acre farm.
$200 profit per annum per acre. .
Write for booklet. It's free. C03 J st.
WRIGHT & K1MBKOUGH, Sacramento, Cal.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards: Inspected bargalns;'monthly cata-
logues sent free. CM. WOOSTER CO... 648
Market St.' '"' •*".".¦'*
I'OIXT niCIIMOXD ItEALl ESTATE>
WATER front lots and bargains: all tracts;
reaps, photos, etc. BELL. 417 Parrott bldg.
4 LOTS cheap fcr cash. 32S Bush St.. room
I, third floor. -
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
WE havo lor sale or exchange some of the best
fruit, stock and grain ranches In California.
P. C. LASSEN & CO., 4C0 Tenth St., Oak-
land. Cal. - ¦ - '
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'M'NTS
BERKELEY HEAL ESTATE.
A FEW SNAPS.
J.'J'OO — 7-room house; 1 year built and all
furniture complete, range, dishes and all; lot
42x120, and fetable; situated at 1927 Fairvlew
st. ; 1 block from cars, 2 blocks from Lorin
station.
$2suO — A neat, nice 6-room cottage and cor-
ner lot; size 50x100; street work complete;
electric cars pass door; only 3"^ blocks from
Ashby station, Berkeley; situated at 2S2S
Grove st. ; terms can be had.
$2425 — A nice 2-story house of 7 rooms and
stable; lot 50x140; street work complete: 244S
Ashby ave., one block of electric cars and
only a short distance from station; well
worth $3000; call and inspect at once.
L. J. MORAN & CO.,
- 2131 Shattuck ave., Berkeley station.
SPECIAL bargains In lots In the Crystal Springs
Tract; this tract Joins Grove-st. car line,
two blocks of Dwlght way station and fcur
blocks of the high school; will sell you lots,
with the street work done or not;*- prices
from $10 to $15 per front foot; can sell you
these lots on easy terms or we will build
you a house in this, tract on easy terms;
5*room house for sale; large lot; near Col-
lege ave.: cheap; will sell or rent you fac-
tory site in West Berkeley; call and see our
properties.
CHENEY & BERRY.
Pcstofnce block. Berkeley.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BEOADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
CHEAP LOTS CHEAP LOTS. ~~~
$5 cash, $2 50 monthly; fine, level lots; soil
and -location superb; 'price $75.
$10 cash, $5 monthly; level lots In new set-
tlement; soli and location the best; 50x145;
price $150.
$25 cash. $7 50 monthly: extra fine lots, lOOx
122:6; 75 homes Just gone up; has a great fu-
ture: see them; price $300; will build you a
home. ... ..
Near two electric lines, school, church, wide
boulevard and adjoining East Oakland ;. section
building up with good, substantial people. Call
or send for. circular. 455 Seventh st., Oakland,
opposite Broadway station; carriage free. H
Z. JONES, owner.
$5800 ONLY for 2 fine 9 and 10 room houses
In good location; rent about $00 per month
P. C. LASSEN & CO.. 400 Tenth st.. -Oak-
land; Cal.
A FINE <5-room cottage near the Key Route;
'lot 50x127; all street work done: must be
sold at onco! easy terms; price $2750. P C
LASSEN & CO.. 460 Tenth St.; Oakland. Cal!
BARGAINS in Piedmont residence lots, includ-
ing all kinds of flowers and shrubbery: will
build to suit. Box 854, Call office. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNISHED HOUSES.
$5."V— BEAUTIFUL C-room flat on Telegraph
a.ve. : furnished completely, Including piano:
only 5 mlnuteB' walk to Fourteenth and
Broadway; owner pays water: this flat is
worth $75 to any one; investigate It.
GEO. IL VOSE. Real Eetate.
"- ¦-' ¦'¦'.: - ¦?..... 1118 Broadway.
OAKLAND ROOMS TO LJ3t7~V
MONTANA House. 320 Eighth st.: sunny-
gultxi and single rooms for housekeeping
QAKLAXB fCK-VITUUE FOR SALE.
TO-MORROW - the day for bargains In furni-
ture. H. Schellhsas. 11th st..eor.«tore, Oakland.
PROPOSALS.';! \ :.Vv
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal.. Dec. 8, 1I»C3.— Sealed
proposals. In 'triplicate, will be received here
~ until. 11 o'clock a. m.." January S.- 1904. and
'then opened for construction of frame build-
ings (wagon shed and work shop) at '• Fort
• Miley, '; Cal: /Government reserves right to
reject or accept any or all bids in whole or
• in part, Information furnished 'on. applica-
tion to.WM. S, PATTEN, Assistant Quaxter-
' ' master General. Chief Q. . M.
EIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEAm
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication ofrtc** and be
indorsed with* the name and residence of p«r-
nona authorised to have the same published.
Nutlets restricted simply to the announcement
of tbe event are 'published once In thla column
free of charge.
BORN.
JIMENEZ— In this city. January 5. 1904, to
the .wife of C. F. Jimenez, a son.
MAURINO— In this city. January «. 10OI. to
the wl'o of F. Maurlno. a daughter.
MARRIED.
FARRANCE— BLAIR— In this city, January 3.
1904. bv the Rev. R. Logan. John F\ Far-
rance and Florence May Blair of Mendocino
City.
SIMMONS— YUNKER— In San Rafael. Janu-
ary 2. 1004. Harry Simmon* and Lottie \ an-
ker, both of Sen Francisco.
DIED.
Beard. Rev. Jas. N. McColl. John
Blakiston. Louise McKay, Georse P.
Bowers; Kfite T. Malone, John
Carrasco. Francis Mann. Loots* G.
Collyer. Phoebe A. Martini. Jrwrphlne
Cosgrave. James K. Minehan. Thomaii J.
De-Cotta. Rosalia Mounin. Euphrosyr.*
Donovan. V.'m. J. Pa*et, Mmr. E. M.
Eadle. Jane B. Platz. Elizabeth
Farley. Mrs. EMza Quiglry, Frank P.
Farnan, Patrick J. Radelfahr. Rudolf
Fitz Gerald, Ann Seyfried. Matheus
Flaherty, John W. Shaen. Sarah
Fleming. Catherine Sharp, Thomas F.
Griffin. Frank D. Simi. Zellnda
Herplch. Ottlli« Stahle. Frederick II.
Hlppely. Charles A. Trumbull. Margaret
Jensen. Christian J. Wllkina. Elizabeth
Johnson. Samuel White, John J.
Kennedy, Eliza Wilson. Sarah
McCauley, Mrs. B. Young, Walter V.
,^ ¦ -.;-..., ' -" »¦-£,-> ¦--.- i •
BEARD — In St. Louis. Rev. Jame- N. Beard.
D.D.. beloved husband of Cynthia Beard,
father cf May and Edith Beard, and brother
of Burke Beard of Indiana, a native of In-
diana, aeed 53 years 7 m .ir'n.-, and 4 days.
CZNotice of funeral hereafter.
BLAKISTON— In Aiameda, January 5. 1904.
Louise, beloved mother of Mae Claris»>
Blakiston. n native of Boston, Ma?*.
JCTInterment strictly private. Please omit
flowers.
BOWERS — In Aiameda. January 5. 19*Vt. Kate.
Thompson Dowers, wife of W. M. Bowers,
and dau:hter of Cornelia A. an.l the late
N. S. Thompson, a native of Indiana.
C7Funeral services Thursday. January 7,
1904, at 10:30 o'clock, at her late residente.
1100 Santa Clara avenue. Aiameda. Inter-
ment private In Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
CARRASCO— In this city, January 5. 10O4,
Francia. beloved son of CUmente and Alice.
Carrasco. and brother of May. Herbert. Eu-
gene. Elwood. Albert, Victor and Anita Car-
rasco, a native of San Francisco, ased 18
years 9 months and 7 (Jays.
t7Friend« and acquaintances are resp*ct-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence
of the parents. lO 1^ Langton street, between
Howard and Fola^m. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
COLLYER— In Oakland. January 5. 10O4, at
1D53 Myrtle street, Phoebe Ann. beloved wife
of Jacob Collyer, and mother of Mrs. Jennto
S Collins and Charles \V., Georga F. and
David M. Collyer. a native of New Jersey,
aged 73 years 10 months, and 4 days.
COSGRAVE — At his residence. 2019 Octavla
street. James Klrby Cossrrave.
CTFuneral and Interment private. No
flowers.
DE-COTTA— In this city, January 5. 1D04.
Rosalia, beloved wife of E. L. Cotta.
mother of Josephine Blngham. and daugh-
ter of the late.Cantain Frank Sanchez, a
native of San Francisco, aged 55 years S
months and 21 days.
tCTThe funeral will take place to-day
(Thursday), at 12:45 o'clock, from the par-
lors of McFadden, McBrearty & Green, 1171
Mission street, between Seventh ami Eighth,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where ser-
vices will be held at 1:15 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
DONOVAN — In this city. January «. 10O4. at
his residence. 3131 Twenty-second street.
William J. Donovan, beloved son cf the lata
Maria Donovan, a native of Boston, Masa.
"CTNoUce of funeral hereafter.
EADIE— In this city. January «. 1904. Jans
B.. belovtd wife of James Eadle, a native of,
* Ayrshire, Scotland.
FARLEY— In Oakland. January 5. 1004. Mrs.
Eliza M. farley. mother of Mrs. Ell Cmlay.
Mrs. Mary E. Fowler. James II. Farley and
Newton S. Farley, aged 81 years 10 months
and 21 days. (San Jose\ Cal.. Berrlen
County, Mich., and Philadelphia papert
pleas* copy.) .
(CTFuneral services at the Presbyterian
Church, Centervllle. Thursday. January 7.
at 2 o'clock. Friend- may view the remain*
at the undertaking parlors of Albert Brown
In Oakland.
FARNAN— In this city. January 5. 1904. Pat-
rick J. Farnan, a native of Ireland, aged 59 .
years. : " .¦:;-' '
FITZ GERALD — In this city. January 6. 1904.
Ann, dearly beloved wife of Michael Fit*
Gerald, and mother of Mrs. G. F. Coleman
and Maurice J.. Mary Frances and Martin*
Fltz Gerald, a native of Balllna, County
Mayo, Ireland.
(CTFuneral and interment private. Pleas*
omit flowers.
FLAHERTY— In Oakland, January 6, 1904.
John W. Flaherty, dearly beloved son of
Thomas and Julia Flaherty, a native of San
Francisco, aged 43 years 11 months and -*
days.
FLEMING — In this city. January 4, 1904.
Catherine, beloved wife of the late Jameu
Fleming, a native of County Kerry, Ireland,
aged 73 years and 2 months.
tCTThe funeral will take place to-day
tThursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her lat»
residence. 171* Mission street, thence to Mis-
sion Dolores Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repos* of
her soul at 9 o'clock. Interment private.
GRIFFIN— In this city. January 4. 1904.
Frank D Griffln. dearly beloved husband of
the late Mamie It Griffln. devoted father of
Bertram Griffln. son of John D. Griffin, and
brother of Daniel. Denis and John Griffln.
aged 40 years.
(C7"Frlend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Thursday.
January 7. 1904.' at 8:30 o'clock, from thn
residence of his brother. John Griffln. 2321
Bryant street, thence to St. Peter's Church,
where a requiem high mass will be cels-
bratad for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
HERPICH — In this city, January 4, 1904.
Ottllis Hervich. a native of Germany, aged
46 years.
C"TThe funeral services will take plac*
Thursday, January 7, at 10 o'clock, at 172a
O'Farrell street. Interment Drivate. Pleaso
omit flowers.
HIPPELY— In this city. January 3. 1903.
Charles A. Hlppely, ' beloved husband of
Louisa Hlppely, and father of George, Step-
ham and Dewey Hlppely. a native of Erie.
Pa., aged 51 years and 7 months. A member
of Knights of Honor. Germanla Lodge.
C7"Frienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Friday, January 8. at 1 o'clock, at his late-
residence. 441 Linden avenue. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery.
JENSEN — Entered Into rest, January 6. 19O4.
Christian J. Jensen, beloved husband of
Kate Jensen (nee Coakl*y). and father of
May Jensen, a native of Denmark, aged 43
years. A member of the Coopers' Union.
Local a.
•GTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 9:15 o'clock, from the parlors
of McFadden. McBrearty A Green. 1171 Mis-
sion street, between Seventh and Eighth,
thence to St. Paul's Church, where services
win be held at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
JOHNSON— In this city. January «. 1904,
Samuel, beloved husband of Harriet E. John-
son, father of S. R. and L. E. Johnson, and
brother of William Johnaon of Dlxon. Cal..
a native of Nottinghamshire. England. ag<d
74 years and S days.
KENNEDY — Entered Into peace. In this city.
January 6. 1904, Eliza Kennedy, beloved
mother of Mrs. P. Harbel. Mrs. M. Kohl of
New York, Mrs. M. Derhanv Mrs. C. E.
Amsbro and William Kennedy of this city.
(New York papers please copy.)
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Friday.
January 8. 1904. at \O o'clock, at the funertU
parlors of Valente, Martnl & Co.. 1524 Stock-
ton street. Interment Mount Olivet Ceme-
tery.
McCAULEY— In this city. January 6. 1904.
Mrs. Bridget McCauley. sitKer of Mrs. Mar-
garet Wler*. and aunt of Mrs. Stamper.
Mrs Tomken. Mrs. Melehan and Oenevtevi*
and' James WIers. a native of County Lim-
erick, Ireland, aged 71 years 3 months and
16 days.
McCOLL— In this city. January 4, 1904. John
McColl, a native of Nova Scotia, axed Vi
years.
(DTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully 'invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from the Masonic
Continued on Paj-e Twelve.
F ' J. MONAHAN. Manager. Tel. Mission 31.
MONAHAN, O'HARA-& CO.
FTuNERAL DIRECTORS AXD.EMBAUIER3.
2S30-2341 Mission St.. near Nineteenth.
San Francisco. . .
James McGinn. Henry Hansen.
JAMES McGINN & CO..
Formerly With McGinn Bros..
Funeral Directors and Embalmers——
•T14 Eddv -t.: Tel. South 57«.
u n'.r w t VTrn m a r.r— r nr ,-~-.a.
STENOGRAPHER wanted — A large business
houee want? a competent stenographer, who
hae also a practical knowledge of commercial
Spanish; making cut of consular invoices,
tr^ns-latior.s. etc.; state ags, experience, ref-
eri-ncPH and machine last used. Address re-
I ¦.:>¦ lox :i221, Call office.
WANTED — Kn all aroum" bookbinder: one who-
can do forwari*ir.s and finishing on full
bounOs. Apply SANBOItN. VAIL & CO.. 741
Mark-t st.
WE pay $.'!& a weclc and expenses to men with
rigs to Introduce poultry compound: years
contract. Imperial Mfc. Co., Dept. 5J, Par-
sons. Kara.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor. ha»
auded 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third st.: 250 rooms; 20c to 50c per night.
WHY pay big prices to have your shoes half-
soled when you can get it done for _"ic, SOc
and COc while you wait at DCS Mission st.,
bot. 1st and 2d sts.. or 11 Third st.
1C0 YOUNG men of IS years, with good char-
- aeter, to organize military organization.
Call at 473 Valencia «.. bet; C and 8 D. m.
PENSION ATTY.. M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis St.: 14
year*' practice; references from thousands of
pe:sons for whom I have secured pensions.
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullis. room 40. Phelan
bldg. Past Com. Geo. li. Thomas Poft, G.A.R.
MCDONALD &¦ PERRY have a large stock of
new and second-hand shoes: cheap. 230 3d st.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms; ->"ic n^cht; reading rooms;
trie 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office of Th<? Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at IOCS Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
ALL sizes' men's shoos, slightly damaged, half
price. 3C3 Mission St.. bet. l3t and 2d sts.
GET your shoes half soled while waiting; 25c
to fiOc. CC3 Ml?sicn st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
HORSES AXD WAGONS.
Al EXPRESS wagen, light camping wagon
and go-cart for sale ch«>ap. 5"J2 Mission St.
FOR sale — Handsome trap, cheap. Bex 3759,
Call office.
Larg-*>t asfortmt 2-hand wagons, buckb'd, sur-
rey. harness. work, driving horses. 15th-Valencla.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list of h. lists to let; tend for cir-
cular. G.H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
A— HOUSES at:J flats to let; an immense list;
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; it will save you time and
trouble. Conies Furniture Co.. 245-259 Geary
tt., ca the square.
BEFORE moving get our printed list of houses
to 1M. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 25 Post st.
IIOISES TO LET— FUtXlSHED.
ELKGAN'TLY furnished house of 14 rooms for
sale; account of departure. Apply 503 Poet
«.. near Mascn.
LOST AXD FOUXD.
LOST— A pass book with the Htbernia Sav-
ings and Loan Society cf San Francisco In
the name of ELIZABETH G. BERRY. No.
-• "-4iJ. The finder will please return to
bank.
LOST— Lady's gold watch, with Initials "H.
A.," Haight-st. car, Saturday morr.ln?;
keepsake ct deceased sister. Return to 205
Lautaat ave., betwten Flllmore and Stelner.
Reward. . « .
LOST — Foxterrier. female.' black a"hd Tvh;t»
marking*. $20 reward if returne-1 to DICK
DOHERTY, Imperial Saloon. Powell and
Ellis sts. ¦
LOST— A passbook with the Hlbprnla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco In the
name of LOUIS C. MAYER. No. 208.023.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST — East side Jones st., between Post and
Geary, pair frold-rlmmed spectacles; reward.
LINDSEY. 15 Main st.
LOST — Sunday afternoon, amethyst sea!
i harm. Hawaiian ccat of arms cut on stone.
Suitable reward if returned to 623 Eddy st.
FOUND — Pilver watch, Powell and Market. In-
E quire Police Staticn. pay charges and receive
same.
BIEDICAL.
MRS. DR. WYETH, specialist for all female
complaints; Instant relief guaranteed; 30
years' experience; removed to 820 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable ppeclallst for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities; instant re-
lief guaranteed. lOCSVi Market St.. opp. 5th.
VaLPEAU'S ferr.ale pills; best regulating pills
sold; price $2 50 by express. 'Pasteur's
syringe and tablets; price ?5. By express
only on receipt of price. OSGOOD EROTH-
ERS. wholesale druggists. Seventh and
Broadway, Oakland.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELI All who are sick or
In trouble ccnsult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Offlce. 1018 Market st_
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
positively cured; new method; 1 week's treat-
ment free. Dr. Cottingham, 204 Sutter st.
Drs. Goodwin. 733 Turk, nr. Van Ness — Expert
in obstetrics, female complaints; Inst. relief;
treatment $10; hours. 10 to 5; 25 years' exper.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market — Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low feee.
DR. ROSEN resides 2995 Folsom St.. corner
2Cth; ladies, relief cr no fee; $10.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES and HINDOO HERB3;
original method of treatment: 112G Market st.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 319 Powell St.. opposite
Union Square: all diseases cured by herbs.
CHEAPEST and best la America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United P*Rtes rr Canada on* year for $1. .
IHISCK^LA.VEOLS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSII & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
TRY ASBEETOs roof paint and be convinced
that it Is the only paint that will stop all
leaks in any rocf, cither metal or shingle; it
Is aleo the beet preservative paint for all new
metal and shingle roofs, and makes the roof
last over twice as Ions than painted with
any other paints; It has no equal. Offlce. 41U
California St.. room 21; telephone James 5716.
DOE8 YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair It with elaterite: In rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good over old
lrcn. tin or shingles; best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO., 713 Market st.
2D-HAND machinery, boilers, enclr«es, pumps,
pulleys, fhaftlng, €tc, etc.. bought, sold,
rented and exchanced; se« Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY CO.. 130-132 Beale st.
A— Fine suits. $7 50: dress pants, S2 50. Origi-
nal Misfit Clothing Parlors, 23S Kearny St.,
near Bush; open to 8 p. m., Sunday to noon.
A — Buys, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipa. shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW, 233-253 Bpear st.
50 HEAD cal\-es, from 6 months to 12 months
old, in fire condition. Apply at 1421 Bucban-
an st. J. LEIPK1C. I
SIX foot oval glass cabinet top show case,
nlck*l plate, good condition; cheap. Apply
1224 GolOen Gate ave.
TYPEWRITERS, slightly used, sold at cost;
new Underwood visible typewriter catalog
sent free. H. E. Revalk & Co.. San Francisco.
TRY our men's ehoes at $1 and $1 SO pair;
foot-form shoes at fZ 60; we pay express
charges. 11 3d st.. Exom. bid.; catalog free.
ALTERATION sale— Best $2 50 ..ats. $1 50.
Popular Price Hatter, 330 Kearny St.. near
Pine; open to 3 p. m. : Sundays to noon.
SAFES and cafh register*, new and sftcond-
hand. 1. FREEMAN. 1329 Market, st.
FOR sale — Gentle young fresh family, cow.
410C Sixteenth st.. off Ashbury.
SAILING ark for fishing and hunting. 3Zi>
Buth ft., third floor, room 4.
SOME good recond-hand gasoline engines. 1 to
12 H. P. yheap. E. B. Beck & Co.. 122 Mkt.
FINE steam automobile; flrst-claes running or-
der. W. V.. -j20 Lyon st.. Pan Francisco.
SLOT machines cheap; Chicsgoes. Twentieth
Centuries. I>ucks. BACIGALUPI. 9*13 Market.
DEFKS and sofcn; we the complete line at 1S16
Market, ab. Van Ncra. RICHARDSON BROS.
SAFEJi— N>w and seoond'hand. THE HEfU
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st,
NEW and second-hand machinery of all kinds.
KHOCH MFG. CO.. 010 Market st.
MOVING pictures, masic lanterns, eale. rental;
bars-alms. Dullard & Breck. 131 Post St.
MILES of plp«- and fittings; all sizes. EU-
GENE RILEY & SONS. 109 Vallejo st.
SAFES— New and second-hand. 13. B BECK
& CO., 122 Market st. . b^*>
Edieon phonographs, records, supplies, mcving
picture machines, films. Bacigalupl, 633 Mkt.
-- "^ ¦ «^s_-_-_»__B -_i^--_««* r r^^m^
nOOMS AXD nOAItD—Contlnned.
THE NIRA. 615 Taylor — Nicely furnished, sun-
ny suites; also single; excellent table.
Stevenson mansion. 807 California. — Fine roonu;
new chefs; colored service; table specialty.
O'FARRELL. 808 — Furnished rooms; home
cooking; German family: $0 per week.
PHYSICIANS AND SIKGED.VS.
DR. C. C. O'DOXNELL— Offlce and residence.
1021*4 Market st.. bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women. -
DR. M. MATSUDA has returned from Orient.
Now at SE. corner Geary and Taylor sts.
BLOOD skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073% Market St.
REMOVED — DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at 667 Geary St.. near Leavenworth.
DR. TONG PO CHY. successor to Dr. LI Po
. Tal. herb doctor? cures all diseases of huma'n
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctoj" — AH dis-
eases cured by Chinese herha. 746-8 Clay st.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
NOTIC13 — The secretary of the San Francisco
Protestant Orphan Asylum Society herewith
gives notice that the following orphan and
half-orpban girls and boys have been ad-
mitted to the asylum on Halght st. from
July 1. 1903, to January 1. 1004: Josephine
V. Johnson, 7 yrs. 10 mos.: Neta G. Johnson.
5 yrs. 0 mow.; Florence Wllllston, 5 yrs. 8
mcs. ; Ruth G. Estee, 10 yrs. ; Ora M. White,
9 yrs. 7 mos.; Martha Goessel. 3 yrs. 9
mos.; Fannie Arrtbler, 11 yrs 8 mos.: Laura
Ambler. 9 yrs. 6 mos.; Helen Bett. 7 yrs. 9
mos.; Eva Daniels, 2 yrs. 4 mos.; Katie L.
Schmidt, 3 yrs. 11 mos.; Eureelee Wlnnlng-
: ham, 7 yrs. 4 mos.; Elizabeth A. Helberg. 3
yrs. 7 mos. ; Cecil C. Wllllston, 7 yrs. 7 mos. ;
Edgar J. Mayers, 4 yrs. ; Herman Lindner, 4
yrs. 11 mos.; James R. I. Davis, « yrs. 6
mos.; William L. Estee, 0 yrs. 10 mos.;
\ Wlllard E. Estee. 4 yrs. 3 mos. ; Gustav
Dieffenbacker. 7 yrs. ; Norman L. Abbate, 7
yrs. S mos. ,.
Ladles! Chlchester"s English Pennyroyal Pllla
are best; safe, reliable; take no other. Send 4c
stamps for particulars. "Relief for Ladies"
in letter by return mall. Ask your druggist.
Chlchester Chemical Co.. Philadelphia. Pa.
SKWING MACHINES A.ND SUPPLIES
NEW HOME — See our new triple-feed ma-
chines; slightly used; $10, $15. $20; second-
hand, $.'*, $5, $$: all styles; guaranteed. New
Home Sewing Machine Co.. 1051 Market st.
STO RAGE AND W ARC HO USES.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.: furnTtureT
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard St.. nr. Third: phone Grant 161.
PIERCE-RODOLPn Storage & Moving Co.. of-
flce Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Prlve. Ex. 571.
COXKLIX'S storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave.: phone East 1-U.
GOLDEN West Storage; advanced made: 840
Mission st. : tel. Howard SMI. F. W. Zehfusa.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore St.; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
gt. ; tel. Main 1S40. Shipping at cut rates
STUTTERING X1HD STA3IMEU I.> G.
MELBOURNE School. Van Ness-Market — Cure
In every case; individual teaching; no medi-
cine. Inquire into won Jerful cures; home cure.
_ jryPEAVRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington, No. 1
Smith Premier. $25: other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 50. The
Typewriter Exchange. B36 California st.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; get par-
ticulars of L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gomery st.
A typewriter at any prt^e; agents Fay-Sholes,
$100; Sun. $40: Commercial. $35: Postal. $23.
CUNNINGHAM. CURTISS & WELCH. r
2D-HAXD typewriters . sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriting Inspec. Co.. 608 Market.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE — The Nevada National
Bank of San Francisco: At a regular meet-
ing of the board of directors of - this bank,
held January 5, 1U04, a dividend was de-
clared for the half year ending December
31, 1903, at the rate of seven (7) per cent
per annum, payable on and after the 12th
j inet.; transfer pocks will b4 ctosrd from the
10th to tbe 15th inst., both days Inclusive.
GEOROE GRANT, Secretary.
San Francisco, January 6, 1'JiH.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— CALIFORNIA SAFE
DEPOSIT AND TRUST COMPANY, corner
California and Montgomery 'sts.. For the
- six months ending December 31. 1003. divi-
dends have been declared on deposits la the
savings department of this company, as fol-
lows: On term deposits at the rate of
S 6-10 per cent per annum, and on ordinary
deposits at the rate of 3 per cent per an-
um. free of taxes, and payable on and after
Saturday. January 2. 1904. Dividends on-
called for are added to tbe principal after
January 1. 1904. J. DALZELL BROWN.
Manager. ¦¦-...
SAN FRANCISCO and Suburban Home Build-
ing Society. 5th floor. Mutual Savings Bank
building 70S Market St., opposite Third—
For the half-year ending 31st o£ December.
1903. a dividend has been declared at the
rate per annum of (12) twelve per cent on
capital stock and participating certificates,
free of taxes, payable on and after SATUR-
DAY, January 2, 1904. JOSEPH A. LEON-
ARD, Manager. HUGH CRAIG. Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice — The Giant Powder Com-
pany, Con.: A dividend. No. 61. of flfty
cents (50c) per share on the Issued capital
ctock of the company has been declared, pay-
able at the office of the company, rooms 202.
20-1 and 20C Hayward building. San Fran-
cisco, on January 11. 1904: transfer books
close Jan. 4. at noon. C C. QUINN. S«si.
OFFICE of the Hlbernla Savings and Loan
Society, corner Market. McAllister and Jones
sts. — San Francisco, December 2S. 1S»O3. — At
a rtcul.ir meeting of the board of directors
of this* society, held this day. a dividend has
been declared at the rate of three and one-
fourth (3%) oer cent per annum on all de-
posits for the six months ending December
31. 1903, free from all taxes and payable on
and after January 2, 1904.
ROBERT J. TOBIN. Secretary.
LEG AL^ADVERTlt^EMENTS.
CEN^ATrT^CclHc^^ATLW^rY^O^rpTN^r
FIRST REFUNDING MORTGAGE BONDS—
Notice Is' hereby given that, pursuant to the
provision of Article Eight of the mortgage
from this Company to the Central Trust Com-
pany of New York, Trustee, dated August 1,
1S99, this Company has set apart cut* of the
net Income derived by it from the Itnes of
railroad therein mortgaged the sum of Twen-
ty-flve thousand dollars In trust tc be used
to redeem said bonds, and that bonds Issued
under said mortgage will be redeemed there-
with and bids are hereby invited for the sur-
render of such bonds at prices to b« named by
the bidders, to the amount requisite to ex-
haust said sum. Such bids should be pre-
sented to this Company at its office. 120
Broadway. In the City of New York, on or
before the 1st day of February,' 1904, at
twelve o'clock noon, and should be Indorsed
"Bids for Surrender of Central Pacific Rail-
way Company First Refunding Bonds."
CENTRAL PACIFIC RAILWAY COMPANY,
By E. H. HARRIMAN. President.
New York. January 2. l»O4.
3IARRIAGF LICENSES.
The following marriage Ucens:s were Issued
yesterday:
James W. Kenerson. 21, 892 Geary street,
ar.d Annie A. Rosenqulst, 20, 1917 Filbert st_
Solomon Hoffman, 48, 954 Harrison street,
and Carrie Goldman. 42. 054 Harrison street.
Webster Wood. 31, Merytown, W. Va.^ and
Grace L. Spelman. 27, Sacramento.
Alphonse Deylnes. 37.- 513 Vi Jones street,
and Marie Ebranl, 37, 513"^ Jones* street.
Carl L. A. Braun, 3B. l«05 Dupont street,
and Margaret Spencer, 35. 816 Sansome street.
Fred A. Ellenwood. 21. Red Bluff, and Min-
nie Hickman. IS. Red Bluff.
Angus Duff. 32. 010 Folsom street, and Lou-
isa A If res. 42. 010 Folsom atreet.
Gustav A. HutafT. 23, Dunsmuir. and Ber-
tha Moller. 22, city.
George H. Burgers. 21, Twenty-sixth and
Bryant streets, and Grace G. Colbertson, 18,
1724 Flllmore street.
John D. Matiron. 43, 1321 Filbert street, and
Catherine A. O'Connell. 31. S56 Chestnut st.
Dennis J. Daly, 21, 2370 Geary street, and
Pauline C. Herting. 21. 2570 Geary street.
Jacob "delraanvltz; 33. 131 Russ street, and
Regina Geiger. 28, 131 Russ street.
Joseph P. Thompson. 2«J. Oakland, and Sara
Turner, 22, 14 Auburn etreet. - ¦ -
Robert C. Claim. 27. Los Angeles, and Inez
S. Piper, 22, Oasis.
Paul J. Regan, 21. 1463 Clay street, and
Sara E. Rattlsan. 21, 1442 Clay street.
John Burn?. 27, 1213 Castro street, and
Ellen Fuller. 24. 918 Hayes street.
t John R. Merchant. 26. Livermore, and Jen-
nie • Domex. 24, Livermore.
George " Pusuch, 27, 730 Green street, and
Frances. Covadcb, 2:«. 6 Geary court.
Harry H. Kahn. 26. 2S126 California streets
and Dai»v E. Weiner. 24, 810 Page street.
Maurice T. Coccstock. 28, 1151 Market street,
and Julia B. Kernan, 23. 1C00 Turk street.
G. Adolph Gull. 21, 1721 Leavenworth street,
and Minnie G. Stebblns. IS. 1236 Jackson st.
Alfredo Puccini. 21. 27 Vandewater street,
and Mary Murenco. ' IS. 29 Vandewater street.
Edgar S. Ayres.- 21. 723 Larkin street, and
Francena Brovrn, IS, 723 Larkin street.
MISCELLA\EOi;s FOR s J^i, E Tl£!!r:
GASOLINE engines, automobtlea and launches;
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters; all
make?. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montgy.
.MISCELLAyEOPS WAXTS.
BOOKS and libraries bought. H. C. HOLMES,
1149 Market St.; phone Jessie 3741. or postal.
I PAY highest prices for all~kinds of cast-off
_c!othlng; eend postal. MORRIS. 870 Folsom.
TILTOX wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 Oth St.; tel Jessie 2SM.
moxey to loan. ,^__^
aaX^herman murphy!
601-C02-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements: no disappointment.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property In trust,
etc.; lesacie*. lile estates and undivided In-
terests in property purchased. ..
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
•.'»¦'¦¦,: Whtn You Need Money ¦ ". v. '
See HERMAN MURPHY.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
e<>curity; easy payment*; largest business in
40 principal cities. Tolman. 553 Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY resDectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at '£
l>er cent interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
¦S46 Market: tel. Main 1C44. Branch. 19 Third.
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL LOANS on fur-
niture, piancs. or to salaried people on their
note: proper treatment guaranteed. ILLINOIS
TRUST CO.. r. 16, Phelan bid., tel. Main 704.
A — 1 per cent on furniture or piano; no remov-
al, no commission, no publicity; $25 up; quick,
private, confidential. 26 'Montgomery, rm. .7.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE, 103 Grant ave..
•r LOANS FROM $1 TO $10,000.'
MOXEY to loan on low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and Drectous stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth jrt.
NEW easy method — To wage-earners on unln-
dors^d notes; absolute privacy. Fidelity Loan
Comijany, rooms 48-49. Chronicle bldg. ¦/ v
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture; indorsed note* and- other security.- S. F.'
Discount Agency. 143 Phelan- building.
AT lowest rates on furniture and pianos; strict
privacy.no commission installments accepted.
BONELLI. 301 Eddy. Conservatory" building.,
ANY sum on furniture or pianos; no removal;
lowest rate: easy payments: no commission.
1170. Market St., room 08. .
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank, 638 Kearny.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no c*om. V. TREMAIN. room 81. 6 Eddy st.
1 PER cent on furniture or piano. 1003 Mu-
tual Savings Bank bldg.. 703 Market et.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes'. R.311. Mutual Sav. Bk.bld.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
inrtorser. MORELL. OX) Examiner building.
Ml'SICAL INSTRUMENTS.
A FINE lot of bargains in second-hand pianos,
including such makes as Stelnway, Halnes
Bros., Knabe, Baus, Foster, Weber, Star,
Marshall & Wendell, Sterling and other
'makes. BEXJ. CURTAZ & SON, Hi O'Far-
rell gt. ; no branches in San Francisco.
ALL makes; a list of 20 pianos under $100; 50
pianos from $100 to $20O and 200 pianos from
$200 up. We rent piancs rood enough for
practice from $1 up. HEINE PIANO CO.,
233-2U7 Geary st., largest piano and piano
player dealers of the \Ve6t.
DURING the next few days we shall offir un-
usual opportunity for the purchase of good
Instruments at exceedingly low prices, you
can make money by calling on us at once.
THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC COMPANY.
7tS9 Market St.
JUST arrived, 3 carloads new pianos, for rent
$3 per mo.; 11 good second-hand pianos to
be sold at cost. Scott-Curtaz Piano Co..
5€0 Hayes st.
A FISCHER upright piano for sale; eood as
new; «i:?5. 237 Geary at.
$C5 — UPRIGHT piano; Steck mahogany; nearly
new. HORXUNG BROS., 21S McAllister st.
ALMOST new upright; cheap; cash or install-
ment. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister 6t.
BEAUTIFUL 3-pedal Stelnway upright piano;
perfect order; sacrifice. Keeffe'a.285 O'Farrell.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecllian piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 30S-312 Post st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. hT
MULLER. maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
NICE fine office to let: also fine front desk
room. Call at 41!) California St.. room 21.
perso.vaIs. "~
baron's cloak and suit house.
Young ladies steadily employed can have
Karon's cloaks, suits, furs and tailor-made
suit,* to order; on .weekly or monthly pay-
ment plan, at regular marked prices. Con-
vince yourself by calling on BAROX, 7S2
Market st.
ANY one knowing whereabouts of EDWIN
ESKILDSEN please notify his father,
GEORGE KSKILDSEN, Golden West Hotel;
age 7 years; one artificial leg; supposed to
be in hospital or school in San Francisco.
NOTICE 1^ hereby given that the undersigned
frum and after this date will not be respon-
sible for any debts contracted by my wife,
ELIZABETH HAGEN, January C, 1904.
PETER HAGEN.
GRADUATES of New York School of Massage.
Osteopathy, vapor and electric baths: face
vibrating machine for rheumatism: genuine
tubs, hot and cold water; trained nurses as
'attendants. Prof, and Mrs. Morris, 400 Geary.
THE~Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, im-
proves its growth, stops falling, cures dandruff
and itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp; at druggists', hairdressers';
accept no substitute. Star Remedy Co., 133S
. Polk st.
A — COME and let our doctors give you free
examination and advice; -you pay for the
medicine only and at the lowest prices. LION
PHARMACY. 1500 Missjon at., cor. 11th.
A NEW idea In jewelry and Central American
1 curies, Indian curtains, draperies, shawls,
etc.; the only store In the city that carries
this. FROWISS & EON. 1239 Polk. nr. Sutter
NOT how cheap but how good is the motto of
the manufacturers of the Rapid Rotary
Standard the sewing-machine of to-day. J.
W. EVANS, agent, 1021 Market st.
PHYSICIAN. 15 years' experience, cures per-
manently morphine, cocaine habit. Call .or
address Central Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave.,
corner Sutter st.; fee moderate.
RAG carptnts wove to order and for sale; also
chenillu-wove rugs, ullk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine. In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. Geo. Matthews, 709 Fifth st., Oakland.
MRS. EATON, electric needle specialist, has
• moved to 369 Sutter, Lincoln blk., room 000.
MISS EATON to 233 Geary, room 39.
SPECIAL OFFER for 1 mo.; ladies' suits made
to order: first-class work; $10: with material
furnished $20 up. At M. WILSON, 3S0 Geary.
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drugs dis-
eases, positively cured by, Willow Bark Co..
1839 Polk ist.: consultation free; call or writ*.
LIQUOR habit cured In 2 days or no charges;
guaranteed. Acme Liquor Cure Co.. OUT Mar-
ket st.. room 203: phone South 751.
AT less than cost, uncalled for suits, overcoats,
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor. 721 Market st.
ELEGANT suits on easy Installments; 50 cents
and up per week. LEON LEMOS. 1127 Mar-
ket st., between Seventh and Eighth.
DANCING Tueeday. Thursday. Saturday. Sun-
flay evgs.. Teutonla Hall. Howard st.. near
Oth: Prof. Foster; society dancing taught.
Bon Marchi Pants Co.: special $5 pants to or-
der Rooims^j&ie^OEllis^TeU^Drumm 44.
MASQUERADE coetumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mkt,
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
tric needle. Dr. & Mrs. Traverse. 1170 Market.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pants ?2 HO.
¦ Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont;
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color: $1: at all druggists'.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
. of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 ¦ Market St., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m. - -
._ PAt.MI.VrUY.
MME. DEVAS. scientific palmist and astrolo-
glst; palm readings $1;.'{ questions by ex-
press. $1; open Tuesday eve, also. - 130 Post st.
NEERGAARD palmistry class begins Jan. 6, 8
p. m., at 242 Post St.: readings- Cailjr. '--.;-.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 515
Taylor st.. near Geary. Phone Plack 561. ¦:
PROPERTY WANTED.
WANTED — To lease %bulldlng lot from owner,
north cf Market. - for small -modern flats;
state location*. Box SOW. Call.
HELP WANTED— FES1AM3— Con.
A N'L'RPK for an invalid lady; mus: be under
M) and have refer»»nc«*: best of waces. Call
*arly at MI£S 1'LLXKETTS. 425 fcutter St.,
near Powell.
A FIRST-CI.AFS lsdy's ir.aid to travel: wages
tW. MI<* PLUXKETT. 4^5 Sutter ct.. near
Po* * II.
S^i?i a MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
NO EXPERIK.NCK NECESSARY:
*»AIU SALARY. LEVI gTRAUSS & CO.S
.FACTORIES. ;cii FREMONT ST. AND 187S
MISSION. NEAR FIFTEENTH.
VANTED— Flrst-clas* stenographer: a lady
who has hj-d practical business exp-rienee:
a very nice and ixrmanent situation with
S^cxl remuneration for a Ievel-heaJ»d. rella-
b!e person. Apply box ii227. Call orflw.
WANTED — Candy esleslady; $3 prr week: per-
manent poMttcn: must be exiierienecd. J.
U.. box :::£S. Call.
OLNG girl: tuo In family; a«si*t in hou>c-
*vTk ind care of baby. Apply Hotel Frank-
lin, room 4«. Thursday frcm 10 to 2.
k Gir.I., housework; family of .1; ?:W month
4i.'00 California St.. cor. Fourth ave. Eddy
J1RL fcr CT.eral housework: $15 a month.
_l*0 Eleventh tt.. top Coor. left.
"WANTED — Young experienced nurse girl;
references. 23tl Sutter st.
¦".1KL for housework and plain cooking; wages
«?S. ZlfO Jackson.
"OMPI-.TENT girl for gen. housework: cool*- !
ing; IC72 Masonic ave.. bet. Waller and Frel
LADIKS wanted everywhere, copying letters
*t home ever.lt. gs or epare time and return La
"*; no mailing or canvassing: S:i weekly
«*m»<i: mitertals free. Enclose pelf-addres^ed
*nvel;-j>e lor particulars. Guarantee Co., \V
< Ninth et.. Philadelphia. Pa.
EXPERIENCED power sewing nechine oper-
*i? r * tor Elnsrer « n;J Wllcox & Glbbs ma-
chines; also fcr trimmer and twin need'.e
rr.achir.es. Apply J. J. PFISTER KN1T-
TING CO., 411' Po'.k *t.
' N DUFTRIOUS buslnees women capable of
handling mercantile proposition can recure
• aoplcyment with the Royal Mercantile Co.;;
¦ estee 1 work; ccod •¦omper.sation. Eulte 19.
•oJuroblan bunging. 016 Market st.
REFINED your.g worr.an to teach cookir.g
»nd houeewcrk; must understand both thor-
¦>ughly: hours 1 to <» dally: E&l&ry. $40 month:
rcferer.ee*. Phone Buah €48, mornings S to 11.
•EIUTORS end tuckers on ia.ilet' waistf.
rood pay: permanent pos.ticns. JUDA
mOS.. 3-»0 Market et.
"L for general housework; wages ?20 to $'.J5.
Cumberland et., bet. Nineteenth and
rer.tletb and Guerrero and Dolures »ts.
XEAT young Oermen girl to BssiK In
• luwwprk OfV4 McAllister st. between La-
jr.a and Buchanan ets.
*T girl for general houFework: two tn
ir.ily; references. 147 Bvena Vista ave., l'i
orkyfrrm Haight ar.d Baker.
XTED — Mangle cirls snJ ironers. The
rmch Laundry Co.. 3372 Miffion st-
t'.ST-CLASS flnlshert BARON'S. 76*J Mar-
ket ct.
. IP.ST-CLASS salesladies wanted at BARON'S.
"£• M.rkt'i st. ; r.o ethers need apply.
•¦"RST-CLASS stenographers furnished. Miss
"'. G. Barrett, instructor. 302 Montgomery.
JtA.NCH cfSce or Tbe Call fcr the rec*p-
¦r. of advertlcnients and subscriptions b_a
»r. orened a: 10OS Market at., opposite
iftfa. Open ur.til 11 p. m.
HKLP WASTED — MALE.
P.RAY i- READY. '-
PHONE MAIN 5»>4>.
£*>4S MAIN PHONE.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
i&03 WE GAVE 1904 WE HOPE TO
?>0,000 MEN WORK. INCREASE W.V00
ARIZONA, close to PRESCOTT.
German cr Scandinavian cook, wife. $50.
Carriage trimmer. Old Mexico, free fare.
*S» — DON'T FORGET— $3.'
Arizen*. To-day. Prescctt.
S-'teady jobs fcr two years; big wages.
ITALIANS.
40 Itf!iar.s to rhep wood; tools found.
5 cocks. $:>rt. f40. ?3<i. ?<:0 and found.
MURRAY & READY. •J34-C.16 Clay st.
IN MENDOCIXO COUNTY.
} 1<»rman or Scandinavian woodchoppers.
I kig job. $1 t» $1 50 eord.
'VRRAY & REA UY. C34-03tt day st.
BAKERS.
,cr a lumber company, country; $W
und.
uterm. country job. ?1K to $20 week.
L^kfr. institution. fiO and found; 2 bakers'
GOLD MINE.
" amalgamators, go'.d mine, $30.
• rifrir.g pullers, lumber co.. $40 and found.
MURRAY & READY. C34-CSU Clay st.
STEWARD.
"t a large mir.f-. boss here: $75 and found.
alter, commercial betel. $3 fare; $30 and
ur.d.
ur*e. country Institution.
-rxrian fwits milker; $3o end found.
MURRAY & READY. 034-630 Clay st.
t : C R. HANSEN & CO.S. Phone Grant 1S5.
- Hotel clerk $7.*
Ijafifrn waiters - '"''•
J»'uiTr — mpxiuil cases $>M
C. R. HANSEX ii CO.. 429 li'JEh i-t.
MAX Bboot vlaoe. $30 to $•'» and f^und: but-
w und wife, fCO an<f found; *hcp baker, SIS
-*«-<k: 2 farmers. $30 and found, see boss
•*r milker $30 and found, snti others; |
i k" tta I men. J. F. CROSETT & CO..
' ' .> Sacramento 6t.
A SUTLER fcr gool steady place in city;
$45: reference? necessary. Call at MISS
* PLtTyKETT'8. 425 Putter Et., ntar Powell.
t J.VTED — An Intelligent, genteel boy about
' year? old for Uw office of a wholesale
•jg house: employment permanent; the boy
; »cted will *>e given a careful commercial
.using and be advanced r>n merit. See J.
F E ATH ERSTOX, 23 Second et.
L L
i to Seam the barber trade tn two months
secure good positions; catalogue and full
. jrmation mailed free. MOLER System
!»ge. €35 Clay et.
•'. honest. »ctl\€. for outside work and col-
'".Ing: salary ?50 month; chance for ad-
cement: permanent; $20(1 cast] deposit re-
-ed. Box 20C2. Call offlce.
"KD — Salesmen for dress prods and pllk
•tment. «' E :i at STRAUSS &. FROH-
Vg. 1P7 PoFt st.
our men's phoes. ur.lon made, at $1 and
0 per pair, foot-form shoes at $2 50. or
jopedic shoes. 13 50; best shoe* on earth. 11
..turd si . Exam. bldg.. ft doors from Market.
•* MAN of indomitable energy and pu;h. a good
UlKer. -eager to make money. F. PERSON,
4T7 and 478 Parrutt building.
rA!I>iKrf and ordinary seamen for <5e«p-water
«hi;>f Apply DENTS plac-. 2« Steuart st.
-BARKEEPER. IZi Stockton st.
fDCST-CUUBS barter; ctrady. 207 Vj Mont-
KT AT f rr_nd b&T for printing offlce. EDW.
-NOWLES. 24 Second >t.
TBLACIE wanted. € i-tockton st.
C BARBER shop for sale cheap; two chairs
Inquire 1C21 Howard t,t.
iVANTEn— A roanc u:an an ste-ogmpher:
*"«•¦" f-l": references retjulred. Apply JOHN
RAPP & .SON. Eighth and Towneend sts.
•"i TF:A! ' T . r«!iaMf m*n to assist in offlce; good
wsre.s r.o exH-ritne* necessary; small capital
•* 1007J* Market tt., room 1.
•->"»» shots, union made, at $1 ana
"'hot-form Ehces at $2 50; we pay
• r Ul chargtvll 3d st.. Exam. bid.
'-•. • ' i* min to asklst in office of
| house: etate age and refer-
•M*< 'RIKSOX. formerly cf Seattle,
. » e*rtK*U> .«-querted to write to his sorrow-
Ing mother. »r ccme home.
K'ANTED — DiStfer for laundry wagen; must
tav« $250. 1SZ72 Mission st.
iVANTED — F-es^x-Sss* barber as partner iii
2-fhUr eh e' '£C92 Mission st.
&VG clerk; S1C0; give reference. Ad-
«"ve«s box ' ;_»•* •Callcfflce.
J? iRBEKS- . vL.^le. 2-chalr ?bcp; old stand •
;• j'/od tnid'. : Apply Call office.
l^pnEn rto^lor eale. 23« East st.
¦;.'iTi:.;X' pp aAvW.fSrs man wanted
p;.3ieti ,.->s !*s»'. 40" Dupont et.. after 0 a. m.
. JSICI^NS fajoln military band. 328^ Bush
Jk th •; ilcor. room 4.
P 11 * — Cheap; 2-ch«ir shop. Inquire 107 »4
et.
Ie— 3-chair barber shop. 245 F.ast st.
to learn barber trade! San Francisco
r College. 741A Howard stUnited States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Time and Height of High and Low Water*
at Fort Point. :- entrant-^ to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent. " '.tisysa*..*?***-:"
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
Sun, Moon -. and - Tide.
. John • Ptelan (owner) with Kellx Marcuse
(contractor), architect none — All work f or ¦ a
three-story frams building (three flats) on K
lint; of Eighth avenue, 222:7?a N of D street
N 25 by E 120; $8300.
Timothy w. and Mary Ward (owners) with
William W. Rednall (contractor), architect
none — All work for a two-story frame residence
en E line of Vlcksbur* street. «5 N cf Twenty
third. N* 32:6 by E 117:8; tWSZO.
Anna Pampinelta (owner) with Henry Easter
(contractor), architect W. O. Hind— \I1 work
for a two-story frame bulldinr on 3 Une of
ST/ sT^Vw^ ot Ma3cnlc aveaue - E
Builders' Contracts.
XAPA. Jan. «.— Mrs. M. - B. Jacobs hag been
elected licrarlan of the Goodmaj^Free Library.
Mr*. Jacobs has bad many >ears* experience
ea a school teacher and has had more or less
to do with library work.
The steamer Maricosa sailed yesterday for
Papeete, Tahiti, with an assorted merchandise
cargo, valued at $3Ti. 450. and - Including : t-he
lollowir.g: 1734 bbls flour, 52,170 lbs. rice, 9SNJ
gals wine, 18 casks bottled beer, C075 lbs sugar,
313 ctls barley. 62 ctls wheat. 2001 lbs coffee.
3 bbls mineral water. -41,588 lbs bread, 12 bales
hay. 10,r.l8 lba bran,. 163 pkgs potatoes. «5 pkg3
onions 1C3 pkgs fresh fruits and ' vegetables.
The Mnriposa's Cargo.
The ship Falls of Clyde sailed yesterday for
Hilo with a eeneral carffo valued at $15,413
and including the following:
10C0 bbl3 flour. 6684 ctls barley, 225 ctls corn,
42U ctls wheat. 154.5S9 lbs bran. 1320 bales
hay 85.425 lbs middlings, 148 ctls oats, 6060
lbs "cocoa meal. 3400 lbs salt, 4CI9 lbs sugar,
40 000 lbs rice. 3150 gals wine. 5 cs whisky,
64 cs bread, 10 cs mineral water, . 485- gals
vinegar, 20 cs ale. 127 cs canned roods, . 624
pkgs groceries aud provisions. - 3600 lbs - tea,
21U crts potatoes, 50 crts onions, 75 pkgs fresh
fruits 30 cs 2 bbls salmon, 190, 015 lbs fertilizer
35,03$ feet lumber. C052 lbs 1 cs tobacco, 71
pkgs wagon material, 23 pkpa dry goods, 30
cs boots and shoes, 20 pkgs paper, 70 colls
rope. 11 cs matches. 7 pkgs paints and oils, 533
gals distillate. 26 tons coal. 600 cs coal oil. 12
carboys acid. 7 pkgs rubber goods, 7 pkgs
sewing machines, 75 pigs lead, 21 pkgs saddlery
find harness, 1710 gals gasoline, 22 pkgs doors
and windows. • 75 bxs soap, 4050 lbs soda, ; 3
rolls leather. 10 bales twine, 220 bbls lime. 7770
gals crude oil, 10 mules.
A Carjco for, Hilo.
At the . regular meeting of the
"Butchers* Board of Trade the follow
ing: officers were elected to serve dur
ing the ensuing year: President, Cap
tain J. H. McMenomy; first vice presi
dent, F. C\ Winters: second vice presi
dent, J. W. Phillips: treasurer, j.
Nonnemann; recording secretary, b!
S. Horn: financial secretary, D.' A*
Huntemann; marshal, John Xowian*
assistant marshal. Henry Meyn. The
executive officers are a.s follows*
Chairman, J. H. McMenomy; J. Butt
genbach, A. Buttner, R. Consani R
C. Kelly, H. Moflfat, Thomas P. Mc-
Keon, L. Nonnemann, J. Nowlan, M.
O'Connell. H. .Westphal, F. C. Wint-rs
and F. J. W'eiss. -
Butchers Elect Officers.
The American barkentlne Alta. now at Mel
bourne, Australia, is chartered for wheat thence
to South Africa at 2t.'s.
The Bri'.ish ship Gler.esslin (at Portland) is
chartered for lumber thence - to Port Natal - at
D3s (id. with option of Oeiagoa Bay at 55s 3d,
and net as bafore reported.
The schooner A. J. West la chartered for
lumber from Grays Harbor to Santa Rosalia.
The bark Roderick Dhu returns to Hilo with
g«o<v*l cargo.
NEWS OP THE OCEAX.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at nocn to-day—
I. e . »t noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m., Greenwich time. J. c. BURNETT
Lieutenant, U. S. N.. in charge.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrorraphlc Office, U. S. N., M'r
chants' Exchange, San Francisco ' Cal
January 6. 1904.
ic ££ *-*'- kTr -*?" to Lisette Lackmann. lot
£'i7 h?K*W>? gUt Cll " r * nd Hermann «treeu.
Mary A* Fc'rbee £o Edward H. Clark, lot on ¦
?SSS v ffiS8T^BSSg{f?ap w cf j
Isabella Kwing, w;v O f Luther, to Luther!
I.. Egos lot oa S ilne of Turk .treet. 137 " i
ieet TV of Pierce. TV 27:6 by 6 120- gift
Andrew F Mimnf. Richard ind Fannie
F. Keller to Max J. Netter. lot on N line or
Max J. and Lillian Netter to Isidore Rosen
ive!g. un<: $10.
Caroline Schchay to Albert J. Schchsy let
ra K line of Lombard street, 2til:6 feet F of
devisadero. E 23 by N 137:6: gift.
Williem A. . Sligee ana Thomas Slagee Jr
<«ad ac trustees of estate cf Thomas Magee
Sr.> «nd Frederick E. and W. K. Magee to
leebell* Van Winkle, lot on N line of Broad
»r»r. JM W of Devisadero street. W 5 bv
K 137 :*i «ju:tclalm deed); $1. J
Annie L. Ston/« tn Milton A. and May e
?.!nrran. lot en E line of Tremont avenue
€9* f of Frederick utwet. S 25 by E W>: nut I
¦Joeeph D. a«d HaUie E. Cuthbert to Gecree '
J - Le" 1 ™* 15 to Robert L. Colerr.an lot
na E iire of Euchanan .treet. ;::8>i 'ert \ o'
-arkscn. N £5 by E IC5; *10. * * ° r
gnew K. Mumo to Matthew G. Hummel !
lot -ca tV !:n* of Webater street. 110 f eet N : ;
<.r 'Jreen. N 27 :« by W J07:C; $10. I
Judiwi and Catherine C. Wheeler to Grace'
« ; and Amie J. Wheeler, lot on SE corner '
<s McAllisur and Steiner streets, E03b™fi '
V, ;!::arr: A. and Thomas Majree Jr.. trustee !
r.f the c«ate or Thomas Magee. to John W. j
r:ir.n. let on NE corner of Eddy and Van I
Ne*s arcing S CO by e 109 feet; J26.C00
Annie Franklin to Scat A. LunCstrom. lot
s*S^5Wa?&^ f ~ i E ° f ***#>¦ !
rtr,i;t A. 1-uadstrom to Alfred Solari. rame; ;
i-lida F. Hobsor. to Angie C. Rrahan lot '
f u S !fn» or Sacramento street, 270:9 fee't W !
o: jOeUvta. V." 33:« by S i:«:«: II5O00
Acathe L. Villezia to M. Siminoff. 'lot on •
REAL ESTATK TRANSACTION'S.
' tb«r city front (Mlision-street wharf) about 25
nOnutes later than at Fort Point; tha height
of" tide is the game at both places. '.:•-. -
i THURSDAY. JANUARY 7.
Sun rises 7:26
Sun sets 5:06
Moon rises 10:35 p. m.
O Tim« Time Time Time
£ Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
.« |H W LW HW LW
7 I 8:05! 5.3 8:32 2.4 2:32 4.8 8:10 0.3
8 3:03 0.4 9:45 2.2 3:42 4.3 9:43 0.9
.9 4:401 5.6 10:58 1.9 5:00 4.0 10:42 l.S
10 5:33 5.6 12:08 1.5 6:26 3.8 11:44 2.1
11 8:25 5.711:16 0.9 7:47 3.7..:
I. W H W L, W HW]
12 0:43 2.g| 7:17 5.8 2:14 ».4 9:Oo{ 4.0
NOTE — In the above exposition of th# tide*
th« early morning tides are given in the laft
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time: the
fourth time column rives the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs The heights given are In
addition to the noundlnga of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( )
Elsn precedes the height, and then the number
Kiven is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
Healy & Tlbbitts have nearly completed the
2900 feet of extension they are building to the
Standard Oil Company's wharf at Polnjt Rich
mond.
»
Building Bis Wharf.
The Pacific Mail Company's steamship Si
beria will sail to-day for the Orient with a
large number of passengers and about 7000
tons of cargo. Aironc the passengers will be
a number of British and American war cor
respondents bound for the Orient. The Siberia's
cargo includes 3000 tons of flour. 250 barrels of
alcohol 700 tons of nitrate of soda and 1200
bales of cotton. The cargo is smaller than
had been expected, the war scare being held
responsible for the falling off.
Siberia. Sails To-Day.
TO ARRIVE. I
Steamer. From. j Due.
Nome City Portland & Astoria [Jan. 7
F. Leggett Portland & Astoria. ... '.ran. 7
Elizabeth .Coquille River Jan. 7
Chehalis I San Pedro Jan. 7
Sequoia.. ! San Pedro Jan. 7
San Pedro. ... j Humboldt • Jan. 7
Eureka I Humboldt I Jan. 7
Santa Rosa.. San Diego &. Way Pts.|Jan. 7
Point Arena.. Mendocino & Pt. Arena Jan. 7
Queen.. , Puget Sound Port3. . . .iJan. 7
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford.|Jan. 8
San Juan.... New York via Panama, i. Ian. H
laqua.. San Pedro '. ...IJan. 9
M. Dollar.... • San Pedro ....|Jan. 9
Wyefle!d Nanaimo *..... IJan. »
Centralla San Pedro Jan. 9
Ne"Wburg San Pedro Jan. 9
Pomona Humboldt Jan. 9
Cocs Bay San Pedro «: Way PortsiJan. »
North Fork..- Humboldt Klan. fl
Tellus Oyster Harbor ..Jan. 10
Hero Oyater Harbor .Jan. 10
G. W. Eld,er.. I Portland & Astoria. .. .| Jan. .10
Serbia Seattle ! Jan. TO I
Centennial I Seattle & Tacoma. (Jan. 10
Chico Coquille River ........ (Jan. 11
State or Cal.. i San Diego. *; Way Pts.|Jan. 11
Sonoma Sydney & Way Ports. ..IJan. 11
Xevadan. .... Honolulu A Kahului. ..(Jan. II
Rainier.. Keattle t Whatcom... .!Jan. 11
Porno.' Point Arena & AlWon.jJan. 12
Spokane...... Humboldt | Jan. 12
! Alliance...... Portland & Way PorM.JJan. 12
Mera Hamburg & Way ' Pts.fJan. 13
Colon New York via Panama Man. 13
City Puebla... Puget Sound Ports Uan. W
Bonita Newport & Way Ports. (Jan. 13
8. Monica.... Gray* Harbor IJan. 14
Columbia..... Portland & Astoria. .. .(.Tan. 16
S.Barbara... Seattle & Olyrapia ....IJan. 18
UmaUlla Puget Sound Ports I Jan. 17
TO SAIL . '
Steamer. Destination. Sails. I Pier.
January 7. • I
Noyo Humboldt 4 pmjPler 2
Sequoia Grays Harbor .... 4 pmlPfer 20
Porno....... Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pmlPier 2
State Cal.. San Diego tc Way. 0 amlPler II
Siberia..... China & .i'apan.... l"pm|Pi»r40
Currcao.... Mexican Ports 10 am I Pier It
J Dollar. .. Seattle & Tacoma. S pmlPi-.-r W
Chehalis... Grays Harbor .... 8 pm'Pler 2
'January 8. I
Czarina.... Coos Bay ! Pier 8
G. Llndauer Astoria & Portland.! 2 pm Pier 1-t
Spokane.... Humbcldt 11:30 p Pi*r !»
Boi.?ta Newpcrt & Way..' 9 am Pier 11
Cniun.hia.. Astor!a & Portlandlll amtPler 24
Newburg... Grays Harbor .... 4 pm|Plcr 10
January 9.
laqua..:... Humboldt 2 pm Pier 2
Centralia. . . Grays Harbor ..... 4 pm P5er 10
San Pedro. . Humboldt '. 4, pm Pier 2
Eureka...: Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Pt. Arena..' Pt. Arena & Mdcno 4 pm Pier 2
Elizabeth.. Coquille River • 11 am Pier 20
Peiu ... N. Y. -via Panama. 12 mfpier 40
Alameda. . . Honolulu . .....;... 11 am|Pier. 7
• . January 10. "
Arcata Coos B-Pt. Orford|10 am|Pier 13
S. Rosa San Diego & Way.j 9 amIPier 11
January 11. | »
Queen...... Puget Sound Ports. Ill am|Pier- 9
Pomona.... Humboidt ... ". .|l:30 plPier 9
January 12. I I ¦
W. Kruger. I^os Angeles Ports. | 4 pmlPier I 2
O>03 Bay... Pan Pedro & .Way. I 9 amlPler 11
North Fork Humboldt 5 pm | Pier 20
January 13. i
G. TV. Elder Astoria & Portland 11 amlPler 24
January 14.
Centennial. Seattle & Tacoma,. 10 am Pier 20
Rainier.... Seattle *& Whatcom 4 pm Pier 10
Chico...... Coquille. River ..^..1 6 pm Pier 2
January IS. - j - •
Coptic..'.... China &• Japan 1 pm Pier 40
Serbia. Hamburg & Way. | 2 pm Pier 19
P$gig£^v January 16. | |
San Juan.. N.T, via Panama. 112 m|Pier 40
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. |11 am|Pler 9
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. ¦For.: . - I Sails.""
Valencia...... Skagway & Way Ports.IJan. 8
Dolphin:..... Skagway & Way Ports. (Jan. !>
Bertha. ....... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts.lJan. 10
Al-Ki....... . Skagway A Way Ports.jJan. 10
Cottage City.. Skagway & Way Ports. Jan. 15
Santa Ana... Cooks Inlet & Way Fts.'Jan. 16
The question of the tenantcy of the news
stands at the ferry depot did not come up
vesterday at the meeting of the State Board
of Harbor Commissioners owing to the absence
of CommisEioner Klrkpatrlck. Wellman. Peck
& Co. applied to the commission for a npur
track from the belt railroad to their new build
ing on East street. The matter was placed on
file for future action. Donald de Villamil Gra
ham is now a full-blown wharfinger, his bond
having- been filed and accepted. Although
classed on the payroll as a wharfinger, his bond
duties will not take him near tho water and
he will not b*' required to wear a uniform. Ills
activity will be confined to one of the clerical
departments !n the secretary's office.
Harbor Commission Meets.
! The Frtneh bark Jeanne Cordonnier and the
j British ship Martaban were posted yesterday
<j>n the overdue list, both quoted at 10 per cent.
i The Cordonnier is bound from Swansea for
this port and is out 161 days. The Martaban
I left Java for the Barbadoes 117 days a^o. The
! other overdues e.re: Paris ar.d Loch Bredan,
' 80 per cent; Francesco Giuseppe I, Netherby
i ano U Fontaine, all at 10 per cent." The
; Giuseppe was formerly ths British ship Falls
I of Afton, and speculators are playing her "not
i to arrive." She is out 194 days from New
castle-on-Tyne for Port Los Angeles.
TJie Overdue List.
Movements of Steamers.
310 cS' canned and ".8 pkss pickled salmon, 4S0
cs assorted canned noods, 4S ckgs groceries
and proviaions. JM70 lba. salt. 8V22 lbs beans,
ST.O lbs 10 cs dried fruit, 21 pkgs prepared
meats. 33 pkgj prepared vegetables, .'{.'5^0 lbn
lard, VS4 lbs 1 cs cheese. 9 pkgs paste, 9 cs
:)47O Ifcfl fresh meat, 3SH lb? ham, 520
lbs lentile, 7S0 lbs codnsh. 2S2 lbs butter,
4.*J.t><;:j feet lumber, 10 cs itrms and ammunition.
47 pkgs paints and oil?, 4t> pkgs dry goods. 11U
bdls shooks. 10 bdls shakes, :j2 pkgs papor, 22
pkfra saddlerj' and h.Trness, 35 pkgs drugs and
sundries. 12 coils rope, 3fi bxe candles, SJ bx-3
boap, 28 cs boots and shoes, 11 pkgs bicycles
and sundries. 12 pkgs electrical supplies, 5
bales twine. 15 doors, 44 pkgs wagon and car
riage material, s pkgs machinery. 13 bdls
brooms. 51 pkzs wire, 21 pkss nails. 33 pkgs
ship chandlery. 5 spars. 13 pk?» sewing ma
chines. 7 bars 2 bdis steel, H tteel beam?, 17
pes 2 bdls iron.
Erik 12. Rasmutsen (alias Erek H. Rasmus
sen) to Lout™ Bingham, lot on E line of
F"o- $io avenu *' 10 ° S of l str ' eti § " 5 by E
Thomas B. and Sarah L. White to Margaret
A Slully let on SW corner of Thirty-ninth
avenue and P strtet. W 240 by S 600: $10
P. J. and Emma Donahue to Rose Heilborn.
i°* on s Iln * ot Precita avenue. 26:8 E of
W* by'Tl^O? 0 *^ 7 ' ValIey UndS ' E
T^ U^M Cf f C f i f° rnla <by Edw «rd J- Smith,
Tax Collector) 'property **sessed to John H
Freercan) to W. Fred-rick Brock, lot 174,
block 1. Fairmount Land Association- $44
W. Frederick and Mary E. Brock to Edward
Keicnert, tame; *I.
Bernard aDU Rose Getz to August II Zetter
berg. lot on NW lint of Madrid etreet 2S0 SW
of Chirm. SW 23 by NW 100, block 29, Excel
sior Homestead; 510. •
George and Kate Ryan to John and Joseph
ii : \.l^ in< U lct oa SE line °f I»reclta avenue.
75 NE of Ryan avenue. NE 25 by SE 75 lot 17
George Ryan subdivision of Preeita Valley
lots 219 to 223; $10.
J. W. Wright & Sons' -Investment Company
to Charles and Mary A. Specbt, lot on SE line
of London street. 225 NE of Persia NE '»fi
by SE 100. lct 3. block 12, Excelsior H^me
stead: $10.
William M. and Emma Loudon to Johanna
Loudon. lot on' W 11ns of Whltnev street 25o
S of Thirtieth, S 50 by W 125, fet ¦ 64. block
£6. Fatrmount Tract; $1500. '
Catherine Bonnet to George and Verena
FelJx. lot on S line of West Park. 125 W of
Mission street, W 25 by S 100. lot 13, block
D, French and Gllman Tract: $10.
Lydia and Charl'B B. Duggan to P. D
Larronde. lot on NW corner of Duboce" and
Alpine streets. W 25 by N 100, lot 10, Spreek
»fs* f>ubdi\isions A. B and D. map No. 2 Park
Hill Homt-stead; $10.
Laurel Hill Cemetery Association to Stephen
Potter, lot In cemetery; $501.
F. Cuthbert lot on E line of Cherry street.
100 N cf Sacramento. N 27:8 ! ,i by E 137:6;
$10
John Lackir.ann to J^isette Lackmann. lot
on E line of Woodward avenue, 11^:4 S of
Thirtt-enth street, 8 20 by E 70; gift.
Morris and Emma Slminoff to^Krraina. A.
Munch, lot on W line of Walter street. 1S8
N of Fourteenth. N 25 by W 8S; »10.
Kstate of Henry H. Austin (by adminis
trator) to Mrs. Mary Fogarty. undivided one
quarter of line on S line of Nineteenth street,
167 E of Castro. E 25 by S ?5: 5675.
Kate F. and Mary H. Austin to Mary Fo-
Barty undivided three-quarters of lot on S
line of Nineteenth etrest, JC7 E of Castro, E
25 by S 85; $2025.
James and Addie E. Thompson to. William
Treb«-ll lo» on N line of Twer.tv-third street.
147 E of Valencia. E 22:6 by N 120; $10.
Ellen Clark to Bridget Carberry, lot on
SE corner of Twtnty-second and Alabama
streets E"50 by S 80; gift.
Estate of Francis Donohue. or Donahue <by
executor) to Thomas H. and Katherlne E. Me-
Guire let on W lir.e o* Guerrero street,
29 S of T-nenty-seventh. W 100 by S 22; also
lot on W line of Guerrero street. SI S of
Twenty-seventh. W ICO by S 30; 55500.
Peter and Mary Verso to George A. Neu
miller lot on N line of Twenty-eighth street.
150 W of Guerrero. W 25 by N 111; $10.
Gustav and Charlotte Israel to Ernst J.
Landolt lot on E line of Church street. 80
N of Duncan N 36 by E 50: also lot on E
line of Church street. 316 N of Duncan, N
8 E SO S 10 W 30, N 2. W 50; ?10.
'John G. Thoraa to Sophia O3ter. lot on N
line of Moulton place. 115 W of Montgomery
street; also 125 S of Union. S 22:0 by N
"Thomas L Kervan to Maria Kcrvan. lot on
E line of Powell street. 114:6 N of Bush, N 23
by E 07:«; gift.
S;U1o Rocca to Carmen F. and Luisa Jiminet.
lot on E line of Leavenworth Etreet. 70 N ct
Jackson. N 22:6 by E 70; $10.
H. E. and Lucile A. M. Robinson to Robin
fccn Hardware Company, lot en SE line o*
Howard street, 155 SW of First, SW 23 by SE
S3; J10.
Dtnnls Hayes to Mary Holland, lot on N line
of Minna street, 137:6 E of Fourth, E 12:6 by
N 70; $10.
William M. J^ent to Williem Hunt, lot on
SK line of Silver street. 115 NE of Fourth, al«o
ICO NTS' 'Of Bryant. NE 20 by EE 80; $1.
PMlip and Mary McCal! to Louise Lauter
bach, lot on NW line of Welch street, 155 SW
of Fourth. SW 20 by NW 75; $10.
John McCarthy to Thomas F. and Martha
Buckley, lot on SW line of Seventh street, 30
NW of Harrison, NW 25 by EW S3; $10.
Anile Gardiner to Otto turn Suden. lot on
SW line of Hay ward street, 100 SE of Harrison,
SE 25 by S=W SO; $10.
George French to Salvation Army, lot on
SB line cf Mission street. 155:11 NE of Ninth
NI3 T i. SK 60. SW 0:fi*i. SE SO, SW 40
NW 75. NE 0:11. NW BS; $10.
Frank I-. and Mary W. Knight to P. D. and
Martha E. Nicholson, lot on E line of Twenty
sixth street, 273 S of California, S £5 by E
120: S10.
Mary Dillon to 'William G. and Fredericka
Hurlbcrt. lot on W line of Twenty-third street
225 N of Clement. N 25 by W 120; $10.
John S. B. and Clara C. Gceppert to Robert
C McLean, lot on W line of Second street 275
N of Clemt-nt. N 25 by W 120; $10.
Ilsr.nat Xane to Sarah Casey, lot on S lin»
f;I I? 05 ", 1 hZ* 0 * avenue. 67:6 W of Second. W
-. *> oy S 10C; £10.
AUSTRIAN SHIP FRANCESCO
GIUSEPPE I QUOTED FOR
REINSURANCE. •
"Wednesday, January 6.
Stmr Scokare, Johnscn, IC hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr South Coast, Olsen, 16 hours from Lit
tle River.
Stmr Xoyo, Johnson, 414 days from Everett.
Stmr Whitesbcro, Olsen, 14 hours from
¦Whitesbcro.
Stmr.Mandalay, Payne, 40 hours from Cres
cent City.
Stmr Czarina. Johnson, 43 hours from Coos
ttay.
Stmr W>.«tport, Smiih, 26 hours from Eu
reka.
. fctmr Coquille River. Sanford, 36 hours from
Crescent City.
Schr I.ily, Bottser. 4 days from Umpqua.
CLEARED.
Wednesday, January 6.
Stir.r Umatilla, Nopander, Victoria, etc; Pa
ciflo Co^st Stenmahlp Co.
; Stmr Marl pc sa, Rennie, Tahiti; J D BprecK
l elfl A Brca Coi
1 ftmr Stale of California, Thomas, San Diego;
I Pacific Coast St-amshiD Co.
Ship Falls of Clyde, Matson, Hilo; J D
Sprecktls & Bros Co.
SAILED.
Wedmsday. January 6.
Stmr t'rp.atil!a. Xopandcr, Victoria and Port
S;mr llarlcoea, Rennie, Tahiti.
Stmr Xavarro. Weber, Trinidad.
--Pchr Alert, Krebs, Grays Harbor.
Stmr, National City. Hammar, Fort Bragg.
Stmr Eiunswick. Ellefsen, Fort BrarK.
Ktmr Rival. McClements, Wlllaoa Harbor.
Stmr Del Xorte, Green, Crescent City.
fthlp Falls of Clyde. Matson. Hilo.
Schr Mary C, Campbell, Bodega.
Schr Oueen, Paulsen, Port Gamble.
SPOKEX.
Dee 10. lat 8 S. Ion 34 W, Fr bark Mare
chal Davoiit. from Rotterdam, . for San Fran
cisco.
Dec 11. lat 14 N, Ion 26 W, Fr bark Mare
chal tie NoaiUcs, from Nordenham, for Puget
Sound.
TELEGRAPHIC. :
POINT LOBOS. Jan 6, 10 d m— Weather
hazy; wind NE, velocity 8 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TATOOSH— Passed Jan 6— Sehr Transit,
henc? Dec 28, for Tacoma.
Passed Jan 6— Br shlD»Anceni«, hence Dec
24. for Tacoma; achr Endeavor, from San
Pedro, for Everett.
Passed cut Jan 6 — Br atmr WyeHeld, for San
Francisco. -~
« f£S P EDR °—^»ed Jan e^-Stmr Marsh
field, tor San Francisco. Jan 5— Stmrs Cheba
lis and Homer, for Saa Francisco. Jan 6
Stmr Pesadena, for Eureka; schr Frank W
Howe, for Port Townsend.
EUREKA— Arrived Jan 5— Stmr Eureka,
hence Jan 4. Jan 6— Stmr Pomona, hence
Jan S.
„ Sailed Jan 6— Stmr Xewsboy and schr Ida
McKay, for San Francisco: stmrs Eureka
Acme and San Pedro, for San Francisco.
A A r A^« A Jan = ?T Stmr Ph °«n1x, hence Jan 5.
Sal FrancuTo d J " *~ SChr PhUi PP« De ' to *
POUT GAMBLE— Sailed Jan 6-Schr Spo
kane, for Port Ludlow. .
Dec rr<l >7 ed Jan °~ Schr For e=t Home, hence
SaJled Jan 6— Schr El Dorado, for Shang
hai; s;hr Admiral, for San Pedro.
ASTORIA— Sailed Jan 6— Schr Joseph Russ.
for San Francisco.
cata, for &an Francisco.
t «P RT L ? S ANGELES-^Sailed Jan 8-Stmr
Leelanaw. fcr San Francisco. 1
PORT HARFORD-Salled Jaa 6_Stmr Coo.
Bay. for fcan Pedro. - - ~
iJ?21 lT 7' U3 ?r 1>OW "- Sal:ea Jan »^-Bktn John
Palmer, for Manila, Ma Port Blakeley.
Jan ft— Schr Spokane, from Port
u&mthe,
ISLAND PORTS.
mr J O^LyMr-r-Salled Jan 5-Stmr Sonoma.
J&n rL ranct » co - Jan 6— U S etrnr Sheri
dan, for San Francisco; Jap stmr Nippon
Mary for Hon E kon B and Yokohama. '
Arrived Jan 0— Stmr Sierra, hence Dec 81.
EASTERN PORT6
fo?CoYon fORK ~ CT * ared Jan *-Stmr Alltano..
5 . v ,x.t, FOREIGN- PORTS.
hen^AT/noV fc, C h7 Fr b * rk F " nCOi "'
NEWCASTLE, Aus— Satled Jan 3— Schr
Americana, for Honolulu c
3 , B D n o Mara ' from Seattle.
m^^^lIn'^Xo 3 - 06 "-'"^ H^
8.'Sto t RSlta" rP 8t . mr AmlraI ¦««"»«*¦ to
6 * Jan 6 r Br 8tmr Wyefleld 
f^-^gffisss^ Jan *- Br » tmr S»!«?i«;
i Hi M m, D p OC ? Ajr STEAMERS.
4 Aj^ B i^^T s f d^ 5e^rfro A . sy G r S:
mo S re. n - Jan & - Sttnr Pallanz^^from" Baltl-
GLASGOW— Arrived Jan 6— Stmr Hiber
nian, from Portland. ™ r wioer-
LIVERPOOL — Arrived Jan «_«?»m^ t>-^.
Und. ' r ° m HaUfaX; ' tmr T«ur1c7 S f5om *&£¦
iSff Jan FrlMUnd, for phi , a .
'« •-Btn,, Cdombian.
taS!t C m H S- ArrlVed Jan «-Stmr ?ber-
QUEEXSTOWN-— Arrived Jan 6—Stmr^Sax
onla/from Boston, for Liverpool, and pro-
SOUTHAMPTON — Sailed Jan 6 — Stmr
Deutschland, from Hamburj, for New York
via Cherbourg:. in,
LIZARD— Arrived Jan 9— Stmr Belgravla
from New York, for Plymouth, Cherbourg and
Hamburg. .... ¦-•
NEW YORK— Arrived Jan 6— Stmr Vidar
from Cardenas; Etmr Carpathia, from Naples)
Sailed Jan C— Stmr Majestic, for Liverpool
Arrived Jan 6— Stmr Victorian, from Liver
pool; stmr Carpathia. from Naples. ra / ulver
COPENHAGEN— Arrived Jan 3— Stmr Hello
glav. from New York, via Christiansand
NAPLES— Sailed Jan «— Stmr Auranla for
¦ New ~ Yolk. .. ; , . . . .*¦
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
The Oceanic Steamship Company's
liner Mariposa, which sailed yesterday
for Tahiti, carried among her passen
gers four scientists, the success of
whose mission in the tropics will mean
much for the native inhabitants of the
South Sea Islands. Death in myste
rious forms has been busy o-f recent
years among the dusky people of these
fair lands and its annual harvest has
grown to proportions that have alarm
ed the French Government, of which
many of the victims are wards.
Dr3. Lonvan, Cassian, Grcsfilley and
Nicholas Senn, who sailed for Tahiti
on the Mariposa, are in the service trf
the French Government. Each was se
lected for his fitness for the work, and
between them they hope to discover
the reason for the native mortality and
adequate means to fight it. To each
medico has been assigned a district in
which he will hold judicial sway. Un
der the guidance of the scientists the
natives will be taught the blessings of
hygienic living. Victims of the pecu
liar diseases from which European resi
dents are immune, but which pile up
the native death rate, will be isolated
and treated while the Government spe
cialists make a study of the trouble.
The word of the doctors will be law
and they will have all the legal ma
chinery of the colony at their disposal
in carrying out their plans. Under the
new system the French Government
hopes to restore the people of these
trc-pic dependencies to their original
sturdy health.
The Mariposa carried a large cargo,
and her passengers included the fol
lowing named: S. Lambert. Charles
Voria, Mrs. L. W. Robinson, Mrs. J.
C. Van Amringe, Dr. Lonvan, Dr. Cas
sian, Dr. Grosfllley, -Dr. Nicholas Senn,
Mrs. H. Menel, Miss Menel and N. Me
nel.
'. Mrs. Benson said:
i The new year opens auspiciously In respect
I of AmcrWnn trade, althouch there are many
j jrrave exceptions to the rule The short cotton
1 <rop has necessitated the closing of mills in
1 the Sot;th and Xew Enstend. throwing thou
sands of tvomeii and men out cf employment.
', Again there is th* absorption of exeat nat
' ural oroduots by a few men to the detriment
of the whole nation, the two most glaring in
stances beinjr the steel corporation of Morgan.
Carnegie & Co., owning through the Iniquitous
! power of money 75 :ier cent of the ore mines
! in the !-ake Superior resion, 72,000 acres of
' eeil landP, 18.5<H» <?oke evens and 125 lake vts
i s<?!s: and the Standard Oil Company, with a
! marital etook of $97.000.000 — a coniDany which
controls petroleum refineries In all of the prin
cipal Northern cities and prcducew 70 per cent
of the total output of refined oil In America,
i Another natural product — ccal — is practically
' controlled by tl»« MorEan-Vand*rbiU Erouo of
railways. In spita of these conditions la a
j free country the natural resources are not yet
a!! absorbed by the few, and the results of our
general trade and commerce are surprisingly
large.
As we have been leading the world in manu
factures for fome time, the outlook is re
assurinjj if our peoule can avoid entangling
alliances with foreign governments and can
find statesmen with suftlcient ability to con
trol the discordant portions of the labor union,
as well as the tendency of the laboring classes
to manipulate political affairs* and even legis
lation itself.
The fair picture of the new year is net
without its deep shadows. We sigh as we re
flect that the clouds of war take their shape
and density from the wicked ambitions and
cruel telftshnesa of politicians and rulers. In
the Far l.ast ominous slsns point to war be
tween two nations that selfishly covet their
neighbors' soods.
Mrs. Benson, after dealing with mat
ters pertaining to Colombia and the
isthmus, devoted herself to the subject
"Polygamy in Utah and Mexico," ask
ing whether polygamy was still prac
ticed in Utah by the Mormons.
Mrs. Benson said:
The question has been asked many times by
Americans since the polygamlst Roberts was
elected to Concress, but has not been satis
factorily answered. It now comes up again
because an officer oT the Mormon church. At
torney Keed Smoot, has been elected to the
United States Senate.
ThTe' is e Etronp conviction entertained by
the best clam of citizens that no "Latter-day
faint" 6hould be permitted in the halls of
Congress, and pressure is being broucht to
have a law passed to prevent a periodical
Etrugsl* to keep Mormons from actine in a
legiplative capacity, either in the State or
national !»eisiatureE. The oath administered
by th» Mormon church being more binding
upon Mormons than any caths of allegiance to
th» United States they might take. It is
against nub'.ic policy to yield them Congres
sional or legislative honors.
Mrs. C. E. Grunsky presided and in
troduced Mrs. Benson, who, remem
bered for her powerful course of ad
dresses last year, received a flattering
reception from the very large audience.
"Polygamy in Utah and Mexico," and
"Socialism and Its Present Outlook"
and labor dissensions were subjects
pungently treated by Mra. Louise Ben
son before the Channing Auxiliary in
the hall of the First Unitarian Church
yesterday morning.
She Discusses Polygamy in
Utah Before Many Members
of the Channing Auxiliary
M0BM0NISM IS ATTACKED
Mrs. Louise Benson Gives Her
Views on Economic Problems
and the Industrial Outlook
Four Government Scientists Leave on Liner Mariposa for Tahiti,
Where They Will Teach the Dusky Wards of France the
Secrets ,of Right Living in Hopes of Saving a Dying Race
FRENCH MEDICOS SAIL FOR SOUTH
SEAS TO WAR ON NATIVE DISEASES
TALKS ON SOME
LITE SUBJECTS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 7, 1904.
12
BAILWAY TBAVEL.
soijthIern pacific
! «M»la Llae. Foot of Marfcet Street )
! ",:, a t« - r«ttMP«c«»a«W-5. »C3. - Aa»iT»
! ""7JJ0a V»ca?llle. Winter*. Baniaey... 75up
! 7^3* BeaMa, Sulsua. Klmlr. aad Sacra-
i meat* illVi
: i:o«*. Murtluei. Saa R.tmoa f.ZS?
1 7Jfl* Nl'.es. LtTerniore. Tracy. l,»thr«»)v
! I-Oa* 8h«»t» " Express — Vvi* a v * ii * } '
Wlllowr +mih». Ked Bluff.
PorrUnd. Tacwra. Seattle /••»'
• 00* O»Tli.W«^<!I»ad.Kn!rtt»LMd!nf.
MarysTllle. OreTflle ••••• »* Mr
130* Pert Cost*. Martinez. Aatloca.
• «»r»a. Tracr. Swettw. >ew-
m»n. Lo» Kmno*. Maadota.
Armoit. H«af«r<l. VI sail*,
T*m»rrm» V- ••¦•" *'***
¦ J9* Port Costa. Martlae*. Traey. La»h-
ro». M««e«to. Merced. Fresno,
fiosSea Jaactlea. Haafwrd,
Vltaita. Baker»«eia *.9*r
t.30* STlles, Ban J«se. LUenaore. 8tocc-
t«n. {tMlltaa). lone. SwcraaaenW,
— riaeoTTllle. Maryrt llle, Chico.
i-1,-; I5«d Bluff ••• <-2S»
8 SO* O»M»le. Cl»!i>««e. ,l»niM»»a. 80-
*o?*. Tooloma* and Aaireia ,f-J5 F
9 00* AUaaUeBapreat— Oirdea»ad«»s«. ll.ZS*
IMa Rld»»<«<l, M»rtUe« aad Way
8lat1«<M ¦••a'
10410a Tke Orerlnad Limited — Oj««.
IMB Dnrer. Oaik*. Cftlca«». Al\Z
10004 Vallejo- -••-• ******
10C0il>« Aa«el»« Patsoaaer — P»r»
Costa. Marttnea, Bttoo. Traey.
LaUkrap. duektoi. Mere**.
RaT»oa4. f"r«» -»•. (Wstien Juac-
tloa. n*tit*T*, Lettt^re. VUaUa.
Bakenleld. h* Ange** «f.
12.00m Harw»H. Nl»e«aiKlWsy6tat:«a». J-25^
ft .00r BMrsmeatoRlrer Stwmert- t1I.08»
iJOr Benlcia. "Wroter*. SMrsneata.
W»o4I*»d. K»i*ats LudlBK.
MarytTllle. OroTm* «ad -war
SXOr Hayww3!*«iieiVa"dfWay SttttoislI 7Mr
3.30* Fort Co*ta, VartlBM. Brroa.
Traey. L.tfcwp. M»«att».
Merced. Frssn» and Way Sta- '^
Uons berottil Port €•«•...«... 1z?»»
S30P Marttaei. Tracy. 8»oe*toa.L©«... 10.2&A
4C0r Martinex.S»alUr^ti.Vai:eJo»Jfapa,
Calls»l».8a»t?Ko»a. ....... ... }•»»
4C0p Nlles. Tracv. St«cktoo. T^»«t ...... *4f
4.30r H«jwar<J. inies. Irrtajtoa. Sa»» tt.||*
Jots. Lirennoro I tli.fi»A
i.00? Ta« Owl LHatted— Kewmaa. Lo*
IUoos. Mendota, Fntao. X aUre,
Bakeriseld. Los Aageles.
GoUen Sute Lt raited Sle«?er.
Oakland »• Los A iw-!e». *»r Chi-
et«». via C. U. I. *P •-H*
B-OOr Port Costa. Traey. Stoektoa. ...... 12-Z9r
IS 30r Harvard, Nile* aad Saa Joso 7.2S*
S.OOr Hayvard. NIlss aad Saa Jeae. 3. 15*
6.00/ Eastera Express— Or^ea. BeaTer.
Omaha, St. Loafs. C3»'.c»x» ss«
East. Port Cotta. Bnateta, Sal-
saa, F.lmtra, Darls. S«cr««n«aW,
Raeklln. Aobvrs. C*lf»x.
Trookee. Boca. Rob*. w~a4s>
warth. "Wlnaemucea — . 821*
8. »ar ?»»)«)•. 4any. except Sashay.... I •¦«,
70Cr Vallejo. Sa»day only ~. f ***^
7JiQr WchniaaA. B»o Pablo. Pert Caita,.
MarMaes in* Way 8ta«loaf 11.21*
t-CSr Orecoa * Oainorala Kipret»-S*tt-
raBnemt*. Ms»y»wlUo. Ko4«1ax.
r»r'.!»nd. P ac»t Soiiaa *n4 Xaot. 151 *
t.iOr H»TT»ar«.Nneaa«i«8aai Joo»(sna- ~- __
d»roaly). tt.8«»
COAST LII*E k W«w«fsj i «j.
(Teat of Marfcet Str«»U>
1.1 Sa Neimrt. Ceater*ms. Saa J**,'
Feltoa. looUnr Cnefc. SaaU
das awl Way Btasl*«a. %J*»
t2.1Br Newark. Ceaterrtlte. Baa Josa,
New Alasa4ea.l«s 0stos.Fe:t*B.
Boulder Ctmk. Saata ClU assl
Priactpsl Way StaUns t1» *?»¦
4.15> Kewarfe. Bnt Jo*e. l**a»to» md » Jf.||*
wayststloas 1 iI3 oSa
03 ZQr Koa'.nr* Train, Sinir**/ «ty. Saa
Joso aad Way SuUoa*. Rotmra-
la«r from Loa OaIo* Snaitay oaly. ZI 2j"
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
*>•» BANTRi AS CISCO. Foot of Muket St. <SUr»
-tJ:15 f:00 11:09a.m. 1.88 3-00 BISr.M
Jrssa OAKLAND, root of B»oa4way — H-M t»-M
n-.«6 ir.MA.it. 12.00 240 4-CQ p.m.
COAST LI N E <»raa« -aaxeU
tr (Third »aa Towaaoad Stroeta.)
6.10& tea Jese »»• Way Stations ».3Qr .
7 00a ?»• Jo»9 »a<J W»y etatlan*. S-38'
8.80a New Almadea <Ta»s_. Fr!d_ only), 4-iflr
3 00* The Coaster — Stops oaly dan Joae.
GUroy (€eooectloa far BolHi-
ter). Pajaro. CastrorUie (coa-
¦eetloa to aad from Movterey
and PsctSc Grove). SalioM. Saa
Ardo. Paso Robles. SanM M»r-
e«r!t», Saa Lais Oblsyo. pr1nc!p*l
•tstloaitheace Sarf (eoaaectloa
for LuBipoe). principal ttaUoaa
th/Bce sjau Barbara,Saa Baea>-
¦?eatnr», Saugas. Los Angeles... 13 45*
t.CO* Saa Jaie. Tre« Plno», Capitola,
BaauCraE.Pae(BcRrere,Sa!taas,
Saa Luis ObUpo and Priaclpai
Way Suttions 4.10?
10.30* Pan Jo»« and Way SUtlons 1-20P
11.50a 8anta Clara, fan Jose, Loa Gatas
aad Way Station* 7.30«
UOr San Jose »nd W»y Stations Si5i
iliOr Del Moat- Rxpre«»— Santa C»r*. . * *
ban Jose, Del Moate. alosterey.
Pseide Grove (connects at Santa
! Clark for Saata Cruz. Boslder
' Creek *ad Karrow Ganse Point* 1
¦t Gilroy fer Honutar. Tres
Piaos. at Cutrnvllle forSsltna*. 12
3-30P Tres Plaoi Way Pasaeaf er 10
4 30p °*n Jose and Way Stations tB.l^..
t6 00>* SsnJose, (tIa Saata Clara) Leo
Gatos. and Prtaeipa! Way Sta-
tions (except Sunday) *9.G8*.
iS-30r ban Joiesnd Prlacip»lW»y StuJ^as 19.40a
S-bOr Saaset Limited.— Redwood. 9»a
Jo«e, Oliroy.9a:ina.». Paao ttobles.
Saa Lais Oblvpo, 8aau BarHara.
Loa Anaelf ». PetBtac. £1 Pasa
; Xew Orleans. New Tork. Con-
aeeta at Pajaro for Baata. Cms
aa4 at CaatrorlH* for Paclfla
Grore aad Way Stattoas 7-18*
IC.ISr SaBHateo.Berasfor4,Belta*at.SaB
CaTlos. Redwood. Pair Oaks.
MealoPark. PatoAR* t3.*8i
t IBr 6aa Joae and Way Sudau ft.3^*
IX9r Palo Alto aa4 Way 3tatloBs. 10.15*
tiJSr tw»ntliS»»FriB.*J«oo, M!I>br>«. Bi>r-
llacuae. 8a« atatoo, K«Uao»t»
Saa Carlo*. Ilatwoo*. P»fr Oaba,
Meal* Park, aad r»lo Atto. t.48»
«11.30p MayfleM. M««a*sA Ttew. Swaay-
Tale, Lawresee. 0—ea Own mat
San Jom 13.45?
? for XloralBf- * P for AtUtr sjcvi.
I tSuatfar«xcrpte4. t****f OBJ7.
I * Satartay eoiy.
; I Stopo at all t»ACte»« — Gwtim.
> taromlr traiBs ws»Ui«m>< yatwrta*. s— a>i 1—
i »re«:»A.M,-:(»A.M^M:»*.w^»:3»r.».«rt0r.».A«
j 1:00 r.M.
C.4LIF0BNU NORTHWESTERN SY. CO.
LESSEE!
SAN FRANCI.UO ANu NURTH PACIFIC
Titmroa rerry. root of ]Cark«t Stztct.'
SAK rXAHClSCO TO SAXT BATABI*.
j WEEK DATS— 7:30, 9:0A H:»o «, m.; 13:3*.
8:30. 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursday* — Extra txia
at 11:30 p. m.
Satnrdaya— Extra, trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
StJNDATS- 8:00. 9:30. ll:0O a. m.; 1:30.
• 3:SO. B:0O. 6:20. 11:30 p. m.
SAX BAPAEi TO SAW P3tA2fCX3CO.
WEEK DATS— 6:05. T:33 T:SO. 8:29, 11U#
a. m.: 12:50. 3:40, 5:00. 5:20 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:05 and 6:35 p. m. '
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 8:40. 11:13 a, m.; 1:40 3:4».
4:88. B:08. <:23 p. m. '
Leave J In ESect I Antr*
SanFrandsoo.l Sept. 27. 1903. ISanFraacisoo-
W«k I Sun- I Destlna- I Sun- I Weak
Days. I daya. \ tlon. 1 days. I Days.
7:30 a 9:00 a 9:10 a 9:40 s>
8:30 a IjraacJo. 10:40 a 10:20 a,
3:30 p 8:30 p fl:0Sp a:29 9
n:10p 8:00 p 7:33 p
7:30 a . 9:10 a. 8:40 s>
8:G0a Korato, 10:40 a 10:20 »
3:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma 6:C3p 6:20 9
' 5:10 p 3:30 p and 7:35 p
5 :00 p Santa Rosa.
7:30 al ! 10:40 a!10:20 a.
I 8:00 a Fulton. T:33 pi 6:30 p
8:30 pj S:SOp I
Windsor.
7:30 a 8:00 a Bealdsburg. 13:10 a 19:20 a
Lytton.
3:30 p 3:30 p G«yserville. 7:33 p 6:20 9
Cloverdal*.
7:20 al S:COa| Hopland. 110:40 a!tO:20 a>
3:30 pi 3:SOp| and Ukiah I T:35 p| «:2fi p
7:30 a I 8:00 a| WllUta. |?:S3p|6:2Op
7:SOa|8:0Oat 110:40 a|10:20 a
S:S0pi3:30p| Gqerneniie. I 7:35p( 9-2*>j>
~7:20a| S:COa! Sonoma. | 8:10 a! ,1:40 a,
5:10 p| 3:00 pi Glen Ellen. I 6:06 p( p-.l-Qp
*7tSO«| «:C0al * ~ U0:4Oa]10::»a.
3:30 pt 3:30 p| Scbaatopol. 1 7:35 pi «.2»-^
STAGES connect at Green Brae for js^.
Quentin: at Santa Rosa for Whiter *"•' E?
Sprln^a; at Fulton for Altrurla and Mi J,f
'¦ Springs; at Lytton fcr Lytton 8priii S .«." *.j%iy.
strville for Ska?g» Springs; at ClovenJale for
i tho Geysers. Boonevtlle and Greenwood; at
Hopland for Duncan Springs. Highland Sprtaca
K#Ueyvtll*. Carlsbad Spring-. Soda fcay. Lait»'
port aad Bartleti Pprinsts; at ITkiah for Vichy
I Spring*. SarttogS-Sprlass. Biao Lakes. L*ur-'t
r>e'.l Lake. Witter Sprlnga. Upper Lake. P-m o
Potter Valley. John Day'*. Riverside. L'.eriy*
Bucknell's Sanhedrln Heights. Hullvill* Orf,
Hot Sprlnxs. Halfway House. Compfche.' Cam»
Stevens. Hopkins. Mendocino City. Fore BraSt
W.?stport. Usal: at Wtlllts for Fort Brag*
¦W^stport. Sherwood. Cahto. Covello. Layto"
»Ulo. Cumnilna*. Botl's Springs. Harris 01-
*«n*«. Dy«r. CarbervUIo. Pepperwood Scotl&
and Eureka.
Haturdav to Sunday round-trip tickets at t«.
duced rates. r^
On Sunday round-trip ticket* to all point,
beyond San Rafael at half rate* »"»ini»
Ticket offices. CO Market atriaL Chronlda
build inc.
H. C. -WHITIXG H. x. RTA.V.
Cm. M»n»g»r. c»^ r^iw ».V»
TheWeiiycS
61 pcp Ycai»» •
DEATH NOTICES.
— «» — —
Continued From Pace EleTen.
T*mple, under the auspices of Pacific Lodse
No. 138, r. and A. M. Cremation I. O. O. F.
Cemetery. » • . t i.
McKAT— In th(? cltr. January 5, 1804, Geort;e
P. McKay, beloved husband of C. M. Mc-
Kay, and father of Georce S. McKay. Mrs.
Yl\ H. Colby, Mrs. O. C. Williamson. Mrs.
«">. Vannuccl. Mra. E. J. Brandon. Mr*. F.
Severance »nd Thomas and Fred McKay, a
netiv* of Enirland, ared 66 years.
CTFriends s^nd acquaintance* are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
• Friday), at 1 o'clock, from hi* late resi-
dence, K2^ Elisabeth Btreet. Services will
be held at his late residence at 12:30 o'clock.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
MALONE — In this city. January 4. 1MM. John
Malone, a natl\e of Ireland, atred 62 year*.'
E7"The funeral will take place to-day
•Thursfiay), at » o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Peter's Church, where a re-
quiem hirh mase will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul at 8:45 o'clock. Inter-
rr.ent Holy Ctoes Cemetery.
' MANX— In San Martin, January 6. 1904, Louise
G. Mann, brlowd daughter of th* late John
«nfS M»ry Mann, and sister of Agmes. Elea-
nor and EmTiet Mann. Mra. Maud Slmard,
Mrs. G. M. Reynolds and Mrs. M. B. Corm-
m»2Iy.
E7Friend* and acquaintances are rt-spect-
fully invited to atte-nd the funeral services
Friday. Janua-.r S, 1004. at 9:3O o'clock, at
St. Raphael' a Church. San Rafael, where a
requiem mass trill be celebrated for the re-
r*^se of her >c. -jl. commencinif at 10:30 1
o'clock. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery, j
MARTINI— In this city, January 6, 1904, Jo- |
*»phin» Martini, dearly beloved wife of. Dell j
Martini, ared 35 years.
EyRerr.ains at the parlora of Herman I
Melzier. <36 Wafhingtcn atreti. near Kearny. |
MINEHAN — In this city. January 6. 1904. !
Thomas Jcs.-j h, dearly beloved son of Tim- !
"thy 1*. and Jennie Minehan, and loving i
brother of Edmund nnd Milton T. Minehwi. {
a native of San Francisco, ased 4 years 10 '
months and 5 6iyr. '¦
CTThe funeral 'will take place to-morrow j
• Friday!, at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
the parents. 1S2« Harrison street. Inter- i
tr.en? Holy CrofS C.metery.
MOTTNIN— In this city. January 6. lHO-1. Eu- j
phrosyna Mounin. a native of N>w York. I
PAGET— In Berkeley. January 4. :»04, at her j
residence. 2727 D» ;cht way. Madam E. M. I
Pacu. wile of the late Professor F. V. ;
Payer, e. native of Fw.nce. ajed S'J years. i
C^Friends arid acquaintances *re reypect- 1
fully Invite.i to attend tltC funeral sen-ices: !
'.y.ursiay rcorr.ine. January 7. J*KH. at 1O:SO I
e/dadt. at ht-r iate residence. 2727 DTvIgrht I
way. Cerkeiey. Cremation at the Oakland !
Crematory. i
PLATZ- In this city. January 5. 1004. Eliza- }
beih. d*?ar!y be'oved daughter of Joseph and 1
Ehrabeth Plan, and devoted sifter of Jo- I
*">phine. Charies. Joseph Jr.. Anna and Cece- i
In Platz. -., native of San Fistncisco, aped
SO vearF 10 n.onths and 2ti days. (Xew 1
TfTk tna Brooklyn papers please copy.)
CTFuneral «er\ices will b; hehl H-day '
• Thursday), at 2 o'clock. «t the residence j
"T her rarent!«. 2<-;S7 Pine street, between ;
Scott end Devisadero. Intft-ment strictly j
private: Pt«ase omit ficwere.
QI'fGLEr— In this city. January B, 1904. !
frank P.. dearly beloxed husband of Pau- !
line L. Quiyley in«* Heardon), loi-ing father i
<-t James M., Gertrudf U, Raymond V'.,
Frank W. ar.d Alice D. Quieley, beloved son !
<¦' Catherine Quirley cf Kanras City, and
proifcer of J. M. Quieiey of Nev.- York and
•Inhti and Louis Qulyley cf Kansas City ana
• T r-a»ph Quigley cf Portland. Or., a native of
New Toric. »««d 43 years and 5 months.
CXew Tork. Kansas City and Portland. Or., i
papers please c-op;-.)
l_?'Frien<is and acquaintances ere rsspect- j
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day I
• Thursday), at S:30 o'clock, from his late
residence. 220 Laussst avenue, thence to
Sacre*J Heart Church, where a requiem m>»
wi:i be celebrated for the repose of his soul 1
*t 9 o'clock. Jmermer.t Holy Cress Ceme- j
ttrg.
RAOELFAHR— Dec«n-.ber 35. 1SC3. Rudolf H. !
C: Radelfa^r. h»i O \ed hvFband of Charlotte i
Weircrd Rat?e!fahr. «sfd CO years.
PKTFP.IED— 1!» this city. January 6. 1904, |
tfatbesa Sevfr>d, h?loved father cf Mrs. I. \
!>*:! and FVatsfc. and Krnest Sey- i
fried, a native of Baden. Germany, seed S9 !
•¦*¦¦£* - mcntMs ar.i ?0 days. 4
S-T Friends and acqualntancex are respect- 1
fully invited to cttend the funeral to-morrow
• FrMfiyi. at 8:^0 o" clock, from the parlors
<r H. P. Petewa. 2^S UeAUUtw street. !
thTice to St. BctuCaee'a Church. Golden Gate j
*x-«riue. tiMr L»aven worth street, where a
ifquiem high n»ts will be celebrated for I
The ~reoc»e of his sou!, comm'nclne at 9 ,'
o'clock. Interment >Io!y Cross Cemetery. 5
EH A EN— In ths city, January 6, 1904, Sarah, j
b»)oved wife of Joseph Sha«?n. and mother of •
Mr?. II. Botamwkg and Jaccb. Aaron. Sam- f
u*l »n.1 Peter * native of Germany, j
rsfi TK years End S months. * .
t-'Tf'rier.is a_-id rcquaintances are respect- '
ful;y ln\ltert to attend the funeral services !
to-rr.onow <Fn<3ay). at 10:15 o'clock, at her I
Iste re«1deace. 1312 Webster etreet. Inter-
mert Hills cf =*erntty Cemetery, by train
leaving Third and Townsend streets at 11:00 j
Odock. Kir.dly omit floweit. 1
EKARP-b thu< r'.ty. January 5. 1904. Thomas !
Fail Sharp, beloved husband of Mary Sharp. \
father of Helen Christian, Ninian'D. and'
Wilhe Pharr,, and son of 'William Sharp, !
rr.sruKtr of Manchester District Hank of |
U>«rpooL Eryiand. p. native of England, J
»gec 2S years 4 months and 23 days. :
fliU— In tMs rjty. January 6, 1904, Zelinda, !
r.enr:y beloved <iaurhter of Attilio and Isa- i
tella F!mi. and sitie-r of Gabriel and Emma j
• Kirni, a native- of San Francisco, aeed li
;tar 2 months ar.d 17 da;.*.
£TAHLE — In this city, January 5. 1904. Fred- I
•rick H., bf'oved husband of Ros« Stahle.
a native of Pan Francisco, ared 41 v»ars fe !
•months ar;d 29 days. "^ '
1 C3"R«Tn«ins at the parlors of Halsted & !
_Cc. »4^ M'.£«1mi street. Funeral and inter- !
mer.t private. ',
TRL'MBULL— In Alameda. January 5 1904, i
Uarsarct TrcanbalL mife cf the" late w«.
l.a-.» Trumbull. a r.£»iv» cf Ireland, zred 66
year* ii month* and 20 days. «
CTFriend? ar.d acquaintances are respect- j
¦JraUy >nviie.-l to attend the laneral services j
Thurtcay. January 7. 1904. at 1 o'rtock at I
The residence of Mrs. Susan Lanktree 923 j
Pacific avenu*. Interment Mountain View I
Cemetery.
y?^2Eii! a this cit> - J»^"ary 5. 1904, John i
J. w Utc. beloved husband of the lat« Mary !
-F. TlhJte. beloved sou of John J. and Annie I
B. White, father of Robert J. TVhite, and!
brother of Charles M. White and Mrs. T. i
McManus, m. native of San Francisco, ag'd !
.-* years fi mosths and 10 days. :
CrFrienns and acquaintances are respect- !
ully invited «o attend the funeral to-day
"Thursday), at R:S0 o'clock, from his late !
rtsider.ee. 207 r»ay street, between Church ;
and Earch'z. Twenty-ninth and Thirtieth,
th-nce to e=t. Paul's Church, where a. re-
<ju;em hlrh mass will be celebrated for the
'repose of hi* toul. corr.menclns at 9 o'clock.
InterrnTit Holy Cress Cemetery. i
WILKINS— In Estt Oakland. January (5. 1904,
at J475 Twelfth av«nue, Elisabeth H. be- '
tPr t?£? of Oarles Wilkins. and mother of |
C. W Wilkins of Oakisnd. ndrar R. Wilkins i
r-T « hicaco. En?st K. Wilkins of Oakland '¦
an* Mrs. Van Pelt of Xapa City. Cal.. a na- I
t;v* cf Maine, axed SO years and 14 dav* i
A member or Aopomattcx W. n. C. No." 5 i
tVILSOX— In this city, January 5. 1901 Sarah •
¦^Vtlfon. beloved mother cf Mrs Aenr-s B t
' leary. Wiiiiam I>. Wilson and Mrs. Mabei I
« Bouick a native or Nova Scotia, aged j
50 years 9 months and 8 days '
, 1?" rr '^ n<1 I and ?c « u ain;ancesare respect- •
fully lnvite.1 to attfnd the funeral services I
-to-cay ( Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock at her'
late ltwdenc-e. tiTS Church street, 'between i
end Nteetemth. Interment I
Mount Clivrt Cemetery. * . . !
TOCNG— In this city. jVnuary 6. 1904. WaJ- !
"r F. reunt, beloved eon of Walter W and I
May Toun*. a native of San Francisco, 'aged '
5 ir.onths and 25 tiays
BAIXWAY TEAVZL. £
The Oaly Doable-Track Railway Between I
the Miwouri River ind Chicago.
i: % - - 1 flP
Overland
Limited
Tho Most Luxurious Trai n in the World.
Electric Lighted Throughout.
Buffet-smoking cars, with barber
and bath, Booklovers Library, din-
Ing cars, standard and compartment
sleeping cars and observation cars.
Less than three days San Francisco
to Chicago daily without change, via
Sonthern Pacific,
Union Pacific and
Chicago & North»Western Rys.
Leaves San Francisco daily at io.m a.m. Two
other trains daily at 8.oo a. m. and 6.oo p. m.
i For tickets, sleeping car reservations and
full information apply to agents Southern
Pacific Co., or
R. R. RITCHIE.
Geaertl Ageat Chicago ic North- Westers Railway.
617 Market Street,
SA.W FRANCISCO, CAL.
CALIFORNIA
LIMITED TO CHICAGO
LEAVES DAILY
at 9:3O a. nu, throng* la 3 days,
with diner and a-11 trapping*.
Other Santa P» Trains:
7:30 a. nul for s tO cicten. Fresno. Bakertfleld,
8 : 00p' m"j Merced - Hanlord and Visalla.
4:00 p. tn. for Stockton.
8:00 p. na. tor Kanaka City. Grand Canyon aad
Chicago.
TICKET OPKCX— 641 Markat SU and
Terry Depot, S. r. Alao 1112 BroaC-
way. Oakland. Cal. 37 South rirrt
at.. Saa Joaa.
HTOSANRAFAEL,
ROSS VALLEY,
ROLL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc
Tia Satxsallto Perry.
Suburban Service Standard Gauge Electric—
Depart from San i'rajiclaco Dally— 7:00 a :0c;
9:00 10:06. 11:00 a. m.. 12:20. 1:43. 3:15. 4:15.
6:15 0:15 7:C0 6:4S. 10:20. 11:43 p. m.
i FftOM 8AN RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO
i —Dally 5:25 6:33 7:40. S:33. 0:35. 11:05 a,
! m.T 12:20. 1:43. 2:55. 3:45. 4:43. 5:43. «:43.
j 8: F ? ft0 l M 2 M?LL m " VALLEY TO SAN FRA.V-
' CISCO— Dally— 5:43. 6:5ft. 7:52. 8:53. 0:85.
! 11:20 aT to. 12:33 2:00. 3:13. 4:05. 6:03. «:05.
7:«3. 0:60. 10:35 p. in. |*
I THROUGH TRAINS.
! 8*00 a m dally — Cazadero and way stations.
B:15 p*. m". week days (Saturdays ezcepted)—
; Tomales and way stations.
¦ 3:13 p. m. Saturflays— Cazadero and way •ta-
!' tlcr.3
Sundays cnly — 10 a. m.. Point Reyes aad
I way stations.
i TICKET OFFICE— 626 Market «t.
; FERRT — Union Depot, foot of Market at.
I "~" * ' ' ' '
I IWt. Tamalpais Railway
Leaiw Tk ln»hu ttnj Arrlre
S—Fraodac* NtrfMarktfc, Stt« Prancfaf
Week Sw- JgB* ¦ Sao- , I Week*
| D«y». *»T«_ *aya Days.
•iTtfl m B.o*K ga&NSBm l»io»r foTtei
•I:*5f b>]00a UiSrZ'.tOr j
•:1»f 1«:*O A »:*0r 5:SOr I
t 1:00a «:5«r »:»•» i
•~~~. 1:45p TSg&ur 8:6«r ;
' SCOT t US Mum ST M (Nottt Shoe* ftatiraadT •
•mat f a»4 Saobaxito FntT, F«wt Mazket Sc-NUTS— Walnuts. No.- I«oftshell.l3%ei4c:
No. 2 ¦ 11%i§12c; No. 1 , hardshell, 13@13 %c;
FRUIT— Apricots, 7J4f?9% c tor Royals and 0
©lie for Mocrparks; Evaporated Apples. .4®
5 %c; sun-dried. 3@4c; Peaches. 4©6%c; Pear».
eeiOc; Nectarine*. 4#5%c: Figs, white, 4igi4%c
in boxes; black. 4%c; Plums, pitted. UQOc per
P °PRUNES— 1903 crop. 2%©2%ic for th« four
Sizes. ' ¦¦¦' ¦ ~. ¦ ' ¦¦¦.-:¦¦ ¦¦'¦,•¦ -¦
RAISINS— F. 0. b. prices. Fresno.; for 1003
crop: 50-lb' boxes— Loose Muscatel, 2-crown,
5V»c per lb; 3-crown, 5*ftc: 4-crown, C%c; Seed.
les# Muscetelr. 4%c: do, floated. 4%c; un
bleached tJUltanas. : 4%c; 1 Thompson's Seedless,
5%c. London Layers i -2-crown, $1 25; S-crown.
$1 35;. 4-crown clusters. $2: | 5-erown Oehesas.
$2 SO; 6-crown Imperials, $3: Malaga Looxe. 2
crown.; 5c per Ib; do 3-crown, t 5%c;" Valencia
Cured.; 4 Vic:! Pacific, .do. 3%c: Oriental, do.
S^c.-i Seeded Kalsins— 16-oz- packages, -.fancy.
8c per lb; choice, 7%c;12-oz packaxes." fancy.
fi%c; choice, (>%c: in bulk, fancy. 7 %c; choice.
7*ic! , ¦":•-% ..,_-¦.».-. -. •.-¦¦ •'
Dried Jiruits,Nuts, Raisins, Honey
Corn opened at a higher level with the pit
all excitement .over the' war< news. 7 Cloning
price's wer* near the top. May being' up "1%&
l%c at.47$i@47%c. July closed at 47%&47Vie.
a gain of l%@19io. ' ¦-" ' -'¦ — .,
; Oats were influenced by the strength -" in
CHICAGO, Jan. 6. — War news ruled the
wheat market to-day. Reawakened fear of
hoatllitlci in the Far East caused an excited
opening, and prices were much higher. Shorts
were extremely anxious to cover and there
was also a good demand from commission
houses. No one seemed wllllm? to sell, while
buying orders. appeared to come from all sides.
The opening price on May changed between
87%c and 88%c, a gain of 1%©1%c to 2%««
2%c over vtsterdey's closing figures. July
also showed a big: advance, opening %c to 2Ho
higher, at Me to 83 Y*c. The Immediate cause
of the ursent demand was a decline in the
price of English consols, indicating that the
war situation wa3 regarded as. most critical.
To add emphasis to the factors, the cables
were higher. Receipts also light, not
withstanding the fact that weather conditions'
were fa\'orable for the free movement of the
crop. On the 2%c advance in May there was
general, profit-taking, and tho market settled
back. May receding to 87% c. although the
sentiment still remained bullish. A cable dis
patch from Paris stating that speculators were
purchasing large quantities of wheat on rumors
that a crash had occurred in Korea started
another active buying movement later in the
day. and prices again advanced. May again
touching tho 88&e mark. .The demand con
tinued excellent throughout the remainder of
the sessicn. There were slight recessions from
the high point, ¦ but anything in the line of
war news would always result -in an- advance.
Closing prices were near the top. J^ay being
2%«J2Vic, up at S8%c. July was up 2W@
$3?s,c. - ,¦ . ;.
Chicago Grain Market.
UNITED STATES BONDS. • -..-.i-i
Bid. Ask.) Bid. Ask.
4s qr eoup..107ViU<«li 4s qr cp n«wlX{Ul-'U%
4a qr reg . .107W,ir»«4|:{s qr coup. .106%109
MISCELLANEOUS . BONDS, j
Ala A W 5s. — — 0 T Co €«..11S%. —
nay CPC 58.1011*102% Do 3s 107% —
Cal C G 5s. — 1C6% Do con fts. — 101
Cal C & E g ' - Oceanic S 5s. 75
m & ct 5s. — Om Cable 6s.l2O 124-
Cal-st 5s .-114 — Pact O Im 4s. 95 10O
C C Wat 5s. — 100 1» E Ry .V.l(V»%in5
Ed L & P6S.120 — P & C H t*».103Vi —
F A C H 6s. — 117 H & O R 6i. — 117%
Geary-st fis.. 45% 00 Powell-gt fs.H3U —
H C&S 5%s.lO4 — 9E G«R 6«. — 101
H C & S 5s. 0S%100 3F & SJV5S.117U —
Hpn R T 6s.lO5 106 S R of C 6s.ll2% — -
1^ "A Elec Ss. — — S P of A 6s
L A Ry 5s.ll2% — . (190»> 104% —
LALCoBi.- — (1910) — 10614
Do gtd f*. — , — S P of C 6s
Do gtd 53. — 1C4& UDttDSr A.103 101
I^AP-lcm 53.100 1C2 OfKWSr B. — 104%
Mkt-st C fis.115% — (100(1) ....104%105
Do lem .*s.ll3»,4 — (1912) 115V4 —
NRR of COa. r- 100 . SPC lex 5s. — 117%
Do 5s' 114%, — Do stmpd.lO7m<n%
N P C R 5s. — 106 S P B R «3. — 132%
NCR 5s 112YS-V W C«i..tO« 1W»%
N'C P C 59. — 1C1 Do 4s 2dm. — 100
N S R R r»s. OS 1C0 Do 4s Mm. OS —
O O L H *»s.107% — Stkn O&E 6s — 100
O W gtd 5s. — 100 U <1 A E J5«. — 105
WATER STOCKS.
Contra. Costa— V 41 I Port Coata.'. — —
Marin Co.. — 65 Is V W Co. 39 —
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L U P. 3% 4 [S TO * E. — '64%
Mutual E L. ¦ 8% — Stkn Q p E.\5 *—
Pac L Co... 54 — U Q & E.. V- 33
Sac EGtR- —
' TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
S F-G & E." 64 "— . I
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fnd325 350 I
WEDNESDAY. Jan. 6—2 p.. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May.. UW $100% $1 06% $1 0«%
OATS — Continue steady and fairly active at
unchanged quotations."
White $1 22%©1 25 for ' California and
$1 27%©1 35 for Northern: Black, $1 45@1 65;
Red $1 20@l 32% for feed and $1 25®l 35 for
seed; Oray, ?l 32%.
CORN— There Is no further change to re
port.
Western sacked, $1 20@l 27% for Yellow.
$1 22%©1 25 for White and $1 20@l 22% for
Mixed: California large Yellow, $1 27%<§1 30;
small round do. $1 40@l 50: White. $1 3O@l 3.1
per ctl. Egyptian. $1 4B<S?1 55 for. white and
*1 25 for brown. « ; ' ' •
RYE— $1 25(8 130 per ctl. .
BUCKWHEAT— $1 7562 .per ctl
Fesd. $1 10(3*1 13%; Shipping and Brew-
Ing, $1 15@1 20; Chevalier, $1 20@l 45 for fair
to choice. . '
FUTURES.
Session 0 to 11:80 a. m.
• 2 p. in. Session. •'. . ¦;,.. V"«i
CASH BARLEY.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May... $139 $1 39% " $1 38% $138%
BARLEY — The market , was- firm at an ad
vance in cash grain. -with a much better de
mand as local buyenj. j who had allowed their
blocks 10 run down at the . ckme of the year,
have now begun to replenish them.
2 p. m. Session
FUTtURES. ¦ .'
Session 9 to 11:30 -a. m.
Open. Hlgh^ Low. Close.
May $1 39Vi $1 39% $13014 tt 39%
California Club. (1 37%@1 40;- California
White Australian. $1 50@l 62%; Northern Club,
$1 40@l 41 V4; Northern Blueatem. $1 509
151%; Oregon Valley. $1 40.
CASH WHEAT.
AVHEAT — Liverpool and Paris Tutures were
higher and the foreign markets generally were
strong.,- '".',
Chicago advanced from 86%c to SSVic.on
rumors of. a skirmish between Russian* and
Japanese troops In Korea, a decline In consols
and small Argentine offerings. There was
much more war talk than, on the preceding
d»y. v .
In the local market the cash grain was un
changed, but futures were higher. . •
f Wheat and Other. Grains.
Stock and Bond Exchange.
Dullness prevailed on the exchanges yester
day, except the mining exchanges, which did
mere business than usual. There were few
fluctuations on the Bond Exchange, and the
oil. stocks were very quiet.
Ex-dividend yesterday: The Imperial Oil
Company a monthly dividend of 20 cents per
share, amounting to $20,000. The Thirty-three
Oil Company a monthly dividend of 10 cents
per share, amounting to $10,000.
The San Joaquln Oil and Development Com
pany has- declared a dividend of $2 20 per share,
amounting to- $220,000. - • • -..
The California Street Cable "Railroad Com
pany will pay a regular monthly dividend cf 75
cents per share- on January 13. . .
At the regular annual meeting of the stock
holders of the FrVnch American Bank th« fol
lowing were re-elected directors: J. A. Artl
guea, O. Bozlo, J. -A. Bergerot.' J. B. CJot.'J. M.
Dupas. J. S.*Godeau, A. Rocs. J. J. Mack and
Leon Kauffman. Charles Carpy was r?-ejected
president, Arthur Legallet, vice president: Leon
Bocqueraz, secretary, and John Glaty, cashier.
The bank opened in its' present quarters last
February, has had a prosperous year, and $60.
000 has been carried to the reserve fund.
-The Lion Oil -Company Is reported to have
levied an assessment of 1 cent, or $4000.
PRUNES — Are in quiet request and prices
rule steady at from 3%c to 6%e, according to
grade. •-
. APRICOTS— Attract only light demand, but
are firmly held, with choice quoted, at 9%®
9%c; extra choice. 9%@V.0 1 *c; fancy, liaise.
PEACHES— Are firm; choice are held at 7%0
7%c; extra choice, 7%<gS%e; fancy, 10%o.
' EVAPORATED APPLES— Are in light de
mand. Prices are steadily held. Common are
quoted at 4g5c; prime, 5%®5%c; choice, 5%@
6%c: fancy. 6%@7c.
SUGAR — Raw. nominal; fair refining, 3c:
centrifugal,' 9<J test, 5%c; molasses sugar, 2%c;
refined, quiet.
DRIED FRUITS.
COFFEE— Spot Rio. firm; No. 7 Invoice. 6%c;
mild. "firm. The market 'for futures, closed 10@
20c lower. Sales, 157,000 bags, including: Jan
uary. 7.05@7.10c: March. 7.30(87.35c; April,
7.50c; May. 7.65<!J7.70c: July, 7.PO@7.nOc: Sep
tember. S.O5S8.2OC; October, 810@8.20c; De
cember. 8.25©^.30c.
WOOL-
NEW YORK, Jan. «.— FLOUR — Receipts,
20,400 barrels; exports, 24,385 barrels; m.arket
was fairly active, -with some mills asking 10c
mere: Minnesota - patents, $2 66(g4 00.
WHEAT— Receipts. 48S0 bushels; exports,
0990 bushc-ls; spot, steady; No. 2 red. $1 ele
vator and 92c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern
Du!uth. U'.tUc t. o. b. afloat. Options had an
other war scare to-day and reached the highest
figures of the season, continuing strong all
day in the face of more or less realizing by
the big holders. Cables were much higher,
and. with the break In consols, helped the war
excitement. The maiket clcsed strong at 2V*6>
2%c net advance. May, 00%(fr!)l%c, closed
VlKc; July. 86%«88c. cloeed 88c.
HOPS— Firm: old. S@l&c; Pacific Coast 1903.
20<S32o: 1002. 22(&26c; old. S315c.
HIDES — Firm.
New York Grain and Produce.
Trade In Citrus fruits continued dull, owing
to the cool weather, and lower prices prevailed
at the auction. There was no disDositlon, on -j
the part of holders to cut prices, . however, as,
the hleh prices paid for the fruit at- Monday's
auction sale necessitated ¦ the asking of corre
spondlng high prices in the open.- market.
Tangerines and Japanese Mandarin* were very
dull and quoted lower, but prices of the other
Citrus fruits were without quotable change.
Six cars of Navels. Including two of fancy
Redlands, were auctioned as follows: Fancy
Redlands fruit. $1 90@2 15; ordinary fancy.
$1 S0@2; choice, $1. 25®1 75; standards, 75c<$
$125. 1
A feature of the market waa the arrival 1 of
twenty boxes of cold-storage PeacheB from
Los "Angeles." "They were of the Orange Cling
variety and being In good condition met with
prompt sale at $1 6C@1 75 per box. Stocks of
all grades of Applet* were heavy and the mar
ket was very dull. Fancy Newton Pippins and
Baldwins from cold storage were offering free
ly at $1 25 per box. but found few buyers.
Persimmon* have about had their run and
the quotations are withdrawn. .
APPLES— Fancy Spltzenbergi. $1 600-1-75.
per box; other varieties, $1(31 25 for fancy.
50©90c for choice and 25640c for common.
PEARS — Winter Nellls from cold storage.
$1-5C©2 per box.
CITRUS FRUITS — Navel Oranges. $2@2 50
per box fciT fancy. $1 25®1 75 for choice and
i5c@$l 25 for standards; Seedlings, . 75c(5$l;
Tangerines. 50c<8$l 25 per box; Japanese Man
darins, $16125 for half boxes; Lemons, $1 75
(62 50 for . fancy. $1 25®1 50 fpr choice, and
75c© $1 for standard: Grape Fruit. $1®2; Mex
ican Limes, $4@4 50: Bananas. $1®2 per bunch
for Hawaiian and $2©2 00 for Central Amer
ican; Pineapples, $263 per dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
BUTTER — Creamery. 25®26c for extras and
22«24c for seconds; dairy. 17©23c; store But
ter, nominal: cold • storage, lsfi-j^e per lb for
Ordinary and 22%@24o.for extras.
CHEESE— 12c tor the general market, 12%©
13c for select mild new and lftgllc for lower
grades; Young Americas, 13@14c; Eastern; 15%
©lti%c:. Western. 14S15c per lb.
EGGS — Ranch. 33@35c for choice and 30<f?
32c for small and mixed colors: store, 27%if>
30c: cold storage. 24«27c; Eastern, 24®2Sc for
cold storage.
There was no particular change in anything
yesterday. Butter continued to move off very
well at steady prices, and Eggs were rather
easy than otherwise, with stocks showing an
Increase ond receivers more than willing to
meet buyers half way to dispose of the goods.
The Cheese market continued depressed, with
stocks still excessive and hard to move.
Receipts were 25,500 lbs Butter, 746 cases
Esrcs and *38<K) lbp Cheese. '
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Silver. Sterling and New York Exchange
and Mexican dollars are higher.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days — $4 S2%
Sterling Exchange, sight ...;.. — 4 85%
Sterling Exchange, cabless — . 4 8«%
New York Exchange, sight .... — 10
New York Exchange, telegfaphlc. — 16
Silver per ounce ...; — 87%
Mexican Dollars, nominal i 44 @ 45
Exchange and Bullion.
STOCK MARKET.
LOCAL MARKETS.
TACOMA, Jan. 6.— Wheat firmer, but no
change; blue stem. 80c; club, 75c.
WASHINGTON
PORTLAND. Jan. «.— Wheat — Walla Walla,
73c; blue .stem, 78>©SOc; valley, 78c.
OREGON
Northern Wheat Market.
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks.. 500!
¦ FOR WEDNESDAY. JANUARY 6.
Flour, qr sks . . 12,!m Shorts, sks 1-W
Wheat ctls 2. 1K5 Screenings, sks. 1 JT.O
Barley, ctls .. 2.220jTallow. ctlg ... 223
Oats ctls ..... 3,:«<3Oi Pelts. No Sa^
Beans, sks 442| Hides. No 701
Potatoes *ks... «-"0, Paper, ream*... 1270
Onions, sks ..... 250: Ouicksilver flks 2M>
P.ran sks 2.40SjWlne gals 8O..VSO
Middlings, sks.. 7«R| Brandy, s-als .. 4.n<y>
Hay tons 47O Surer ctls SSO
Straw, tons .... 17 Leather, rolls .. 3R
Wool, bales ... 12iL'm» bbls 133
Receipts of Produce.
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys. 23(g27c per lb;
live Turkeys. 16@18c per lb: Geese, per pair,
$2^2 25; Goslings, $2@2 25; Ducks, $5@ti
per dozen for old and $6@7 for young; Hens,
$6@6 50 for large and $4 50^5 for small;
young Roosters. $5 50<S6; old Roosters, $5<g5 50:
Fryers. $4 50SI5; Broilers. $4 50@5 for large
and $3 50@4 for small; Pigeons. $1@1 25 per
dozen for old and $2 25@2 50 for Squabs.
GAME — Mallard Ducks, $3@4 per dozen;
Canvasback. $3Cn5; Jjprig. $2@2 50; Teal, $1 75
£2: Widgeon. $1 50; small Ducks, $1 25; Gray
Geese. $303 50; White Geese, 75c(g$l 25;
Brant. $1 £5 for small and $2 for large;
Honkers. $5. for large and $4 for small; Eng
lish Snipe. $3: common Snipe, $1 50; Wild
Doves.' $1 25: Rabbits. $2 for Cottontails and
$1 &0 for Brush: Hare. $1 25@1 50.
,The fifth car of Western Poultry for the cur
rent week wsrs on sale and met with a steady
demand at good prices. The receipts of do
mestic stock were, moderate and the. market
continued steady at previous quotations. Large
young stock and good heavy Hens had the
moct call, and occasional lots of fine large
stock commanded a small premium. Dressed
Turkeys were firm under, light supplies and a
gocd demand. Four cases came In and one
cajc of tine young Gobblers sold at 27c, while
the other three cases were disposed of at 25c
per pound. ...
The demand for Game was less urgent than
on the preceding day, but as receipts were
light the. market cleaned up well. Canvas
back Ducks were quoted hlzher. v
Poultry and Game.
SEATTLE. Jan. 6.— Clearings, $831,656; bal
ances. «337,129.
TACOMA. Jan. 6.— Clearings. $327,502; bal
ances. $46,700.
•PORTLAND. Jan. 6.— Clearings, $624,560;
balances. $M).O39. - ¦
- SPOKANE. «Jan. 6.— Clearings, $457,051;
balances, $4(5,297. ¦• ;
Northern Business.
'ST. LpUIS,' Jan. C— WOOL— Steady. Me
dium grades, combing and clothing, 17@21c;
light fine. I.v<il7'jc; heavy fine, 12@14i}C; tub
washed, 20@31c. . .
St. Louis Wool Market.
CHICAGO, Jan. 0. — CATTLE — Receipts, 23,
000 Steady to 10c lower. Good to prime steers,
$5 10«j5 75; poor to medium. ¦ $3 25MJ5 00;
stockers and feeders, $2 25«4 25; cows. $1 750
4 25; heifers, $2@4 75; canners. ' $1 73^2 00;
bulls, 12 2.V44 50; calves, $3 50©T,25.
HOGS-^Racelpts to-day, 50,000; to-morrow,
40.000. Mixed and butchers, $t C0©4 05;
frooJ to choice heavy, $4 85©5 00; rough heavy,
$4 ivt\i I 80; light, $4 50tg4 70; bulk of sales.
S4 7O(J}4 S5.
SHKEP— Receipts, 20.000. Sheep and Iambs,
steady. Good to choice wethers, $4@4 So;
fair to choice mixed, $3 25@4 00; .Western
sheep, $3 MKri 1 40; native lambs, $4@6 25;
Western lambs, S^GG 25. •
CHICAGO.
Eastern Livestock Market.
NEW YQRK. Jan. 6 There- was. -a. 'rathar
\iolent fall in prices of stocks to-day under
the joint ir.r.uence of a recrudescence of the
war scare and the poor quarterly report of the
earnings vt tin- United Sta.tes Steel Corpora
tion. The war scare was the dominating in
fluence late in the day, not only In the etock,
but in aii <he speculative markets. The grain
markets jumped and the cotton market. broke
<jh the commonly accepted view that the out-.
br«?ak of war between Russia and Japan 'would
awaken an active demand fdr cereals to bVex
porttd from our Pacific Coast ports,- while- the
inteniiption of the Chinese cotton trade would
affect that staple. Whatever inconsistencies
ihtre may be in this view, .they were not of
dissuasive influence upon i..e •epfeZulatlve "ac
tivity at prortselonal traders" wbo -hehl-'tt..-- The
Pacific railroads were also conspicuously . tackl
ing: in any btneflt from- the expected increase
In the Pacific export trade In grains; and>were.
in fait, among the weakest stocks Jn the list,
scoring lecs<-s of between 3 colnls'on
the day. A few of the- coolers. Soutbem'rall
roads and M>ecialtle» came..wltbin an. equal
range of losses, but that range rather exceeded?*
the average of- the day's looses. W '. jv . " ¦"¦ ¦
T^e beaviiist pree^ure jdevelOMd .after the
Lpndpa market had cta«ed. trading (or the day.
although that market was a. tree seller here
during its trading hours, .and the action -of^
IlusMan an-' British government , bonds in
London and Paris was accepted as. corrobora*
tory of the fc-aia of war.' ¦ Added to these
features of inconsistency in the day's 'move
ments the fact that the late report of the
outbreak of actual hostilities was alleged to
have come o\er cur new Pacific cable to San
Francisco from an Asiatic terminus, and some
warrant is found for the suspicion of consid
erable btax activity in the day;» market do
ings.
It wa» worthy of remark that United States
St.-el preferred, was not among the weaker
stocks, although *he troubles of the Steel Cor
poration were supposed to be occaslpn fox
much of the day's weakness. . The extreme
decline In United States Steel preferred was
l T i« and its net loss was 11^. The stock
showed *r>od J>ower of resistance to the early
general depression after the first downward
plunge.. Opinion varied. as to whither the buy
ing of the stock was for purposea of Support
or for purposes of accumulation on the ground
that the r-oor showing in yesterday's state
ment the low .level of ithe de
pression with' prospect of ' -Improvement'- from
this time onward. The. common stock was
without many friends and drifted downward
to a new low record " of 9%. ~
The rcce-nt active- n>ec«Iation continued in
Amalgamated Copper and it made temporary
ehow of utrength, but yielded in the late gen
eral break with a sharp rebound at. the- last
on short covering. . . ' .' ¦ ". • ¦
The ¦ failure •»< the easine money market tt)
attract any outside demand frr either stocks
1 or bend* has had as much effect on specula
tive sentiment as the Far Eastern news and
leaves the holdlnts of buyers, of last month
who hoped for a January ris? in a condition
vulnerable to bear attacks. The market closed
rather unsteady at a rally.
Bonds were quiet and easy. T'tal sales,
$2,115,000 ipar value). United States bonds
w<?re unchanged on call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks — S»Un. High. Low. Close.
Atehisjon 45.100 fc<«l» 05% 66%
At?his«on pfd .1,200 IK) 87% SSvJ
Bal & Ohio 24,000 7S»i 7t3>^ 77^
Hal & Obio p€d.\'.. 200 00 RO^, 894
Cana Pacific 9.400 lljij 116 116
.Central or N J 160
Ches & Ohio 600 32^4 .32 . 3114
Chi & Aiton 2.100 a«M, 34*. 34*»
fhl & Alton pfd... 3.70O -82 -79 78 '
Chi & G West 2,<X'O 15% 14>i 15^4
C * G West B pfd 200 27 27 27
Chi & N W 1,000 lWi 104*4 104
Chi Term & T.. ... 1,700 10% 10. 1©
Chi Term & T pfd. 8,100 22% . 21 - 22.
C, C. C & Ft Lquls 72 •
Colo So . .. .. 1.C00 '16 15^ 15%
Colp So 1st pfd ' 200 65 RiSi 64
C61o So 2«1 pfd 700 24«» 24- . 24 .
Del * Hudson...... 500 165 163 .164
Del, Lack & West. 1.000 27.1. 26a 569
Den & Rio G SOO' 20«£ 20 20
Den 4 Rio G pfd .... 68%
Erie-.. I!.. 29.300 ; 2S% 27 V4 27V»
Erie 1st pfd 2.000 . «J7 % 67% 67«
Erie 2d rfd f>00 47% ' 47*» 47»4
Oreat Ncr pfd 100 177 177 170
Hocking Val 72^
Hot king Val pfd.. SOO 84% 84 84%
III Central 1.500 129% 129 129
Iowa Central 19%
Iowa Central pfd.. 500 39*4 .39 M
Kans City Bo ICO 19 19 18
Kar.« City So pfd •; .... 34
Louis fc Nash 4.700 107^4 106 106^
Manhattan L 4.700 142% 141% 11 1
M-t St Ry.. 4,200 122 120 120%
Minn ft St L ¦ 62
Mo Pacific 17,800 91% »0% 90%
Mo, Kans & T 600 17 16% l«y«
Mo. Kann & T pfd. f»00 3SH 38 3S
N R of Mex pfd 35
N Y Central 57,500 118% 117%, 117%
Northrn KecuritUf .S8%
Nor & West 800 ,. S«a4 56% 58
Nor* VtVst Pfd 85
I Ont «- Western 3.«W> " 22 " 21% ! 21%'
Pennsylvania 66.200 118 • 116% 117
Pitts. CC&StL 60
Reading 12.W*> 44%' 43% 43%
Reading Ut pfd... 100 77% 77% 77
Reading 2d pfd -58%
Rock Islend Co 26.000 22% 21% 21%
Rock Inlj-.nd Co pfd 1.200 5SV4 57% 68
St L & 8 F 1st pfd .... 60
Pt L A 8 F 2d pfd. 000 41 39% 39%
Pt Ix>uis SW 13
8t Ixiuis SW pfd... 1.200 33 , 31% 32%
St Paul S7.000 143% 140% 141%
£t Paul pfd .... .... 176
So Pacific .-. 36.700 43% 4fi% 46%
Ro Railway 3.200 20 '19% 1B%
So Railway pfd COO' 78 ' 77% '7<%
Tex * Par L600 24% 24 - 24*4
To!. Pt I. 4 W - -24%
Tel. St L ft W.pM. 4**) XtM :t7*4 37%
fninn Pacific 75.700 7R% 76% 76%
Un'on Pacific pfd.. .100 R9 8!» 8fl
Wahafh R00 1«% lfl% 19%
Wabath rM ; - 2.S00- 36%' 35% .'«<<,
Wheel A- I. Erie .... ..... i«%
WIs Central 1. 000'. 17 lfi%- 16%
WIs Central pfd... . .ICO 38% 3S" 38 •
Express Companies — ¦
Adams , 100 225 223 224%
American .'. ' ...'. .... -19O
United Statts . ...... • .... 107
Wells-Fairo .... ..:.'2O5
• Miscellaneous — . .. .•
Arualeamated Cop. RR.fino no% 4S% 49'4
Am Car & Fdry.... 2,400 - 1R% \ 17% ' -17%
Am our * Fdr>- pfd 400 «7% : 67. «fi%
Ara Linseed Oil. J... ..... ..... ...." 9«I
Nczo York Stock Market.
NEW YORK, Jan, 6. — The cotton market
opened easy and closed easy, net 70076 points
lower. , • -" .t
Nezv York Cotton Market.
Receipts of Los Angeles vegetables were
light and offerings consisted chiefly of carrled
over stock. - Choice, lots of Beans cleaned up
well at rirm prices, but carried-over stock,
which wa« plentiful, moved slowly, although
offered below the quoted rates. Peas were gen
erally of i>oor Quality and mdved slowly at
easier prices. Tomatoes were in demand for
shipment on the Pusret Sound steamer and
fresh lou cleaned up quickly at the top quota
tion. Green Peppers and Hothouse Cucumbers
were higher and Mushrooms were lower under
liberal supplies.
POTATOES— Burbanks from the river. 600
BOc per ctl; Salinas Burbanks, $1 25@1 40 per
ctl; Oregon Burbanks. 90c©$l 10 per ctl: River
Reds. o0&60c per ctl: Garnet Chl'es, $1@1 10
per ctl; Sweet Potatoes $1 C0@l 75 per ctl.
ONIONS— *l 25<Sl 35 per ctl.
• VEGETABLES— Green Peas 265c per Ib;
String Beans. 8<al2ftc per lb; Wax.' X@l2»ic;
Tomatoes from Los Angeles, 75c<g$l 25 per box
°f "ate; Summer Squash from Los Angeles,
J1©1 J5 ptr box; Cabbage. 50c per ctl: Carrots.
5Oc rer sack; Hothouse Cucumbers, $2 per
do»: Garlic. 0@8c per Ib; Egg Plajit. 12% c per
lb; Dried Peppers. 568c per lb for Stockton
and U*il2>ic for southern; Dried Okra, llftc
|>cr lb; Groen Peppers, 7<5Sc per lb; Mush
rooms. 12»4*?25c per lb; Marrowfat and Hub
bard Squash. $10@12 per ton for round lots
and %©lc per lb for sacked.
High-grade offt-rings of Salinas • and Oregon
Burbanks continued -to ; meet .with a stead v
local InqulTyand prices were maintained. Of
ferings of Oregon, ex-steamer, . were well
?'!w ned i OUt . 0f "£* hand8 and there was firmer
r*M •«•!? rlV l r Bu , rbftnk9 . due to light racelpts.
Only OX) sacks of rivers\were received. Two
cars of Sweets .were on sale and cleaned up
well at orevious prices. Onions ruled . firm
Fine Oregon stock met with prompt sale at
the maximum quotation, while Alvarado lots
cleaned up readily at the inside quotation. The
Alvarado Onions would have brought as much
as the Oregon had the stock been strictly
fancy, but the offerings Included a small p«r
centagre of sprouts and cut stock, hencaMhe
lower price.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
¦ NEW YORK. Jan. «.— The London tin mar
ket declined sharply, ppot closing £2 15» and
futures £2 17s 6d, making the first position
close at £130 12b- tfd and. the second at ' £$130
12a 6tl. Locally tin was quiet, with spot
quoted at' $28 50Q29.
Copper was- about Rs lower' In London, clos-
Jng at £5S 2s 6d for spot and £57 10s for
futures. Locally copper - was quiet. Lake Is
quoted at $12 37>.4®12 75; electrolytic, $12 37Ja
012 e2Mj, and casting at $12 12%@12 37%. ¦
¦ Lead declined Is 3d to £11 7s t!d In London,
but remained unchanged here, with • quotations
ranging from $4 35 to- $4 45 f or ¦ spot.- ••..-¦*
Spelter closed unchanged at £21 15s in Lon
don and at $5^5 20 in the local market.
Iron closed at 49s lOd In GlaEgow-'and at
42b 74d In Mlddlesboro. . Locally Iron is- nom
inally unchanged. No. 1 foundry, northern-. Is
quoted at $15@16; No. 2. foundry, nothern, $14
©15: No. 1 foundry, southern, and No.' 1 foun
dry, southern soft, $13 75<gl4 25.
New. York Metal Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
San Francisco.. 10. 34 r>6 44 NW Clear .00
S. L. Obiepo-.30.24 62 42 NW Clear .00
Fan Diego 30.14 CS 4« NE Clear .00
Seattle SO. 40 48 .*W SB Cloudy - T.
Spokane 30.42 40 2$ W Cloudy ' .02
Tatoo»h HO. 34 48 42 SW Cloudy .«6
Walla Walla.. .10.42 .12 34 S Cloudy .00
V.innemucca ..3O.e2 :;4 04 SW Cloudy* .00
Yuraa 30.16 C4 3S N Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure ha* fallen slowly along the
coast north of San Francisco. There has been
a marke<1 increase ¦ In cloudiness over the
northern half of the Pacific elope.
Heavy fi-csts occurred throughout California
and are llkciy to again occur Thursday morn-
Ing.
Rain has fallen from the mouth of the Co
lumbia RJver northward.
There -"has been but little change In temper
ature.
Forecast mafae at San' Francisco for thirty
hours ending midni?ht.- January 7:
Northern California-r-Cloudy Thursday, light
northe«Ft wind.*.
Southern California — Cloudy Thursday, light
easterly winds:- light to heavy frosts Thursday
mornin;:.
Nevada — Cloudy, warmer Thursday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy Thurs
day, light northeast wind*. ¦ -*¦
A. <J. McADIE, District Forecaster.
' REO AND WHITE LEAD— Red Leal." 6^«
7c per Mb; White Lead, 6&@7c. according to
quantity.
SUGAR — The Western Surar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per Ib, In 100-lb bags:
Cubes. ' A Crosheii and Fine Crushed. S.KSc:
Powdered. 5.50c: Candy Granulated, 5.50c: Dry
Granulated, fine. 5.40c: Dry Granulated, eoarta,
5.40c: Fruit Granulated. K.40c; Beet Granu
lated f 100-lb bags only). 5.2<V: Confectioners'
A 5.40c: Macnolla A. Sr; Kxtra C. 4.90c:
Golden C. 4.S0o: "D." 4.70c: barrels. 10c more:
half barrels. 25c more: boxe«.- 50c more: 50-n>
hags. 10c more for »1! kinds. Tablets — Half
bairela. 5.00c: boxes. 6.1.V; H. & E. Crystal
Domlnos. 8.40c per Ib. No orders taken for
less than seventy-five barrels «r Its equivalent.
COAL— Wellington. $S per ton; New Wel
lington. $8: Seattle. $6 50; Bryant. $« 50; Bea
ver Hill. $3 50: .Standard. $7; Ro*lyn. »7;
Coos Bay. $5 50; Greta. $7: Wallsend. $7; Rich
mond. $7 60: Cumberland. $13 In bulk. -and
$14 25 in sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg.
$14; Welsh Anthracite Egg, $13; Welsh Lump.
$11 50; Cannel. $S 50 per- ton: Coke. $11 50&
13. per ton In bulk and $15 In sacks: Rocky
Mountain descriptions. $11 45 per 2000 lbs and
$12. SO per long ton. according to brand.
OILS — Quotations are for barrels: for cases,
add 5c. Linseed. 45c per gallon for boiled and
43e for. raw; Castor Oil, in cases. No.' 1. 70c:
Bakers' AA. $1 10i§1 12: Lucol. 44c for boiled
and 42e for raw; China Nut, C0©70c per gallon;
Cccoanut Oil. in barrels. 58c for 'Ceylon and 55c
for Australian: extra bleached winter Sperm
Oil. KOc: natural winter Snerm. OH. 75c: extra
bleached Winter Whale Oil. 65c; natural Whale
Oil. HOC; -extra winter strained Lard Oil. *5cr
No.' 1 T<ard Oil. "lie: pure Neatsfoot Oil 73c:
No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil. 65c: H*ht Herrlnjr Oil. 45c:
dark Herring Oil. 43c; Salmon Oil. 3Sc: boiled
Fish Oil. 40c; raw Fish Oil. 3Sc; boiled Paint
Oil. 3.V; raw Paint Oil. 33c.
COAL OIL — Water. "Vhlte Coal Oil
in built. ISc: Pearl Oil in cases. 21 Astral.
21 '-',e: Star. 21«4c: Extra Star. 25*<ic: Klalne.
27Hc: Eocene. 24V4c; deodortxeV! Stove Gasoline.
In bulk. 17c: In cases. ":iV.i-; Benzine, in bulk.
13c: in cases? lfl'ici 86-derree Gasoline, in
bulk. 2".c: In cases. Sic.
TURPENTINE— SOe per gallon in cases and
74c in, drums and. Iron barrels. • •
. BAG55 — Grain Bags. 5@5Hc: San Quentin.
5.53c; Wool Bass. 32®35c; Fle«c« Twine. 1*69
Sc.
General Merchandise.
HOGS— Live Hogs. 140 to 1Q0 lbs. 5Hc: over
ISO lbs. 5c: soft Hosts. 4Vic: cows. 20 per
cent off; Boars. 50 per cent off. and .Stags. 40
per cent off from above quotations.
. The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered In San Francisco, less 50
per cent shrinkage for Cattle: ! •
CATTLE— Steers. S<g9c; Cows and Heifers,
7®8c: thin Cows. 4fl5c per Ib.
CALVES — t(S4^jc per Ib (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 3«4®4c: Ewes. 3»4©3^c
per Ib Tgross weight). '
LAMBS — I^ig5e per Ib.
DRESSED MEATS
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows :
BEEF— o^fg7%c for Steers and 6@6Vic per
Ib for Cows.
VEAL— Large. S®9c; small. 9®10c per Ib.
MUTTON— Wethers. SSSHc; Ewes, 73SV5«
per Ib.
LAMB— 9H^lOc per Ib.
PORK— Dressed Ho«rs» 7!g8W.c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
There Is no further chance to report in this
market. . . .
Meat Market.
Th* exports ct wheat from Ssn Francisco
*:>>• tea during the month of December were
as follow*:
To— . Centals. Values.
Ore«t Britain 1G<\4TS $221. 2C6
Hawaiian Islands 1.135 1.761;
Japan 2f>2 365
Elsewhere 73 106
Total* 1C1.SSS $223,438
In December. 10C2. th» errwrts were 512.71*9
'«entaln. xalu»-d at $729,019. In that month
ZZZ.rin centals, valued at $403,692 went to
AuFlralia: 164.«i4«> centals. ¦ valued at $221. 0C2,
to Great Britain, and 68,123. valued at $97,876,
to South Africa. There »•¦» only one whole
cargo c'.'artd la»t month, that of the BcJtifh I
thip Monkharns. which carried <5R,39* centals
to <Sr*«t Britain. The balance of the ship
ments to the same were taken chiefly in email
Quantities at stiffening {or barley cargoes. In
December. 1002. th<re were Jive whole or part
c«rcfrf~f cUared for Great Britain, five for j
Australia and one for South Africa.
The irroittbly shipments in 1903 were as fol
ic»t:
Month*— . Centals. Values.
January S4».<*H $1,216,661
February 42<i,531 629,378
March' r.pr..2r.7 . !M7.->1
April 1S9.2C8 2*rt.997
May 142.7CO 1SV3.J7
June 5.477 7.402
July U.3S1 19.5H*
August 111.S51 »154.K79
Pept^n-.t^r . 52,711 76,720
October lt'^.dfKJ 216.5S4
November 49.243 72,316
December 161, 8S8 223. 4SS.
TPtite 2.758.974 $4,017,149
. The exj>orts in 19>12. not including the Bhfp-
BWBta to the Hawaiian Islands, were 8,223,474
cental*. ,\a!u«-<i "&t $9.5»B«,S!i>t>. No record was |
¦ \':' of tbc !-f :: :i. ¦ !¦,!•¦ to the Hawaiian Isl
ands prior to June 1, 1SKCJ. but after that date
the Ftatistic? were resumed by the "Govern- I
inent. From June 1 to* December 31 there j
wi* 1.1.492 centals, valued at $1!<.164. Bhipre4 j
t* the Hawaiian Island*.
The expori trade during the last nine I
months of lOfCJ was v«-ry light, as crop was
. rhort and prices were too high here to. admit
ft profitable exporting. Almost two-thirds of
•the total <xr*>rts for the year were shipped
<5ur!nK the months of January. February and
March. At that time Australia waa buylr.r
frf-ely in thi< market, which ac-counts for the
heavy rcoveraent.
Tomato and Corn Packs.
, The Amt-rican Grcver <-,f New Tork give* the
following- lipurw of the Tomato and Com parks
for a *erie« of years :
THE TOMATO PACK.
The twenty-fourth annual report of the to-
ITJito pa<"k of the Unl'pd States and Canada
reveal* the natural results of the' short pack
•nil the very high prices c? '1J»O1. which
thought about * rapid exl£n£ton of Ihe. In
dustry, exhibited by -an increase of e.citape
find the building of new canning factories, no
tably In Virginia and Maryland, and. to a I^sb
Vxt^rt. in Indiana, which movement went on j
with grratfr force In 1903, .
Th«r rack of lf>0:{ turns out to be th» heaviest
on record, reachin? a tota.1 of 10.5o5.115 cases.
tn<3 tindoobtediy surpass**- the hea.vy output
<t 1SO2 by tn-fr 5«i).'iCrt cuet. after allowing
fully 5>JC.0f<6 ca^c* for houses in Maryland and
Virginia, unlisted and not reported in 1902.
* >f lest ypsr"K rack Maryland put up 4.6S7.
21M cases while California stood fifth on the
Ust with «*4.24S.
The total rack compare* with the output of
th«"nine previous year*, at follows:
C«f^ 2 Do*.' Canes 2 Doz.
Year— Tins Each. Year— Tins Each.
19VCi lO.r.r.3.115 1S9S .5.707 S06
:9fC n.494.M2-l>37 ......:. 4.149.441
1301 4.:.;s.rii ik»6 3.541 iss
zw r..s;9..'»:n j<<i5 4.194 78t
1*09 7.404.1.23 1834 6.5S6.979
Totalior ten year* -.62.f»2.srj6
Ai'-rsp- rwr y^ar «5.2C9.2^G
Avcraft. per y«»ar JDO1-O3 8.1S0.."!i3
Average per 5 -». ar is<)2-03 10.C2J.963
THE CORN PACK.
The pack cf corn in U»03 follows two previous
years of an output b^low the average and 1.
7.14.478 caers llphttr than the large pack of
1900. There was cwrjr preparation for a
-larjr*- output, notwithntandinjr »e*-d was scarce
Inferior in quality and hiph in price. The crop
of sf-ed corn in Maine, Connecticut and New
York was Jiirht: and a larpe part of the sup
ply wat concentrated In a few hands more
with a view of regulating competition than in
ir.akir.g a corner and forcing up the price.
While the olirr.atic condition? were favorable
to the general cr«>p of corn, rr*alting Jn a
yield of 2.3<Xt.<ir»0.onc bushel*, they were ex
rr-cd'.xig'.y unra\orable for sweet corn in New
Tork arc! Maine, two State* which under th»
b**l Conditions could supply over 4.000 000
cafe*. In Illinois the result «u fine; i n Iowa
there ra* a ilFficiency.
The total j>a<-k ct i.-orn. in the Unltel States
an«I Caneda for the yvr V.fXt wan 4 751 146 '
cow. **»!*!« i.-J*.%an .ewf in 1902 •n'^n
trrtfis*- of 4>a.4R2 cases. The figur'n given <fep
resem th»- minimum quantity packed and are
r-aj^d on <iire<n returns from the packers - Of
lart yrar'i. ra<-k lowa led with 1.O5&45O cafes
«r.d California wa* classed with . "all othrr
•etatw,' f<ur product being insignificant
Tt-.e pack O f com in 1903 compare* with the
uutput of tt-n previous years aji follows:
— - €•»« 2 Di?z ' • Cafies 2 rw.»
Vear^- Tln^ E,ch Year- s *Kadh'
1803 ........ 4.7M . 1 4<! 1 MK . . 4 AtQ
1902 4,l!n.(|V7 ]«47 . "¦ *'ft*«' -in
•i90«t «u>c..»24 ;kt»5 rS;Sj
1889 .:..... . 5.4W.420 not ...:...: XtUM*
Total ten years .42.4SS 802
. A ver-a p<? per yea r 4 ">4R »oif>
Xvfrar» r>*-r year l«Vil-<t-; " •iVvVcV"
Averapge per year law-isai ". 5,lS.ivo2
WealheTRc~port.
<12f»th Meridian— raciHc Time )
HAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 6-J p m
Thf fr,iic»irtr aro the seasonal rainfalls to
c-.'- ry wnptrw) with those of same date last
.fc*agor. and rainfall In last twenty-four hours:
L*st Thin Las*
htationf^ 24 hours, season. t-easo" n
• 00 XS.S3 n%
Red WutT rx) 12. &U 13 m
Hacr»mfinfi 00 4.S2 671
Fan rr»ncisc»> OO $ --.'
T r Z rrH> ¦ <W O»0 .lisi !
Ind#i*rdenc» </, 0.42 0 Kl
Pan Lui* Obifpo 00 0.82 5 00
LcsAnteles 00 (1.4.1 4.VJ
San Diego •-•— _ •«> 0.40 6.wi
KTKE COAST RECORD.
?.. I 3 I 3 -? 3 5 |
Baker TO.«» SO 12 NW . Cloudy -«0
-.Ciinson -JO. 54 S»i 12 JTW Clear .00
5?™** •'•°-4« M) S6 N Pt.CIdy .00
Farallon .....30.28 .Vt 5<> K Cloudy .00
rresno M.v,2 52 30 W Clear .00
Flagstaff ... ..r»0. 20 22 12 E Clear -.00
Pocatello. :».r.2 34 22 E Clear .00
IV.int Keye*...»t.~0 ,v» 4fi KW Pt.CIdy .00
Independence .30. SO 62 2S NW aoudy .00
\jr-f Ang*-1«-*...3O.1« «fi 40 .g Clear 00
Ml Tamalpc»8.:^l..'a 50 ZK N Clear" ' 00
North H*ad..:iO.44 4fi 42 S Cloudy !ou
Phoenix SO. 10 <H 2S W ''Clear tt»
Portland M.4S 4R OS EE Cloudy '!f)0
Red Bluff 30.7.4 «2 X* NW Clear < \(to
Roseburg SO. 54 4* ?A NW Pt.CIdy .00
Facrs.rn.-nto . .M.Zt 50 32 SE Pt.CIdy .00
Bait Lake S0.il 30 20 JiW Cloudy .00
Exports of Wheat
, BEANS^Bayos. $2 30#2 40; Pea $3; But
i« rs v* 3 ~ 25: small White. $2$np ; large 'White.
*2 40«&2 eo : Pink. $2 65@2 SOf Red. $3 5l»gl;
Lima. $3i(?310; Red Kidneys $4@4 10- Black
eye. $2$2 15 per cth Horse Beans, $l'so©2.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $3; Yellow Mus-
H r «J, *-*&&* W>: Flax. $1 80®l 90; Canary.
5©5Wc for Eastern: Alfalfa. ll@14c- Rape.
n^M?f( T'T^Jz V®* 1 **! Hemp..:iV 4 @3%c per
Ib: Millet. 3(ff3%c; Broom Corn Seed $20@23
Lima and small White Bean* are firm,
largely vowing to the prolonged dry weather
but prices show no advance. The whele Bean
market continues quiet. Reds are higher, being
in very light supply. " B
Beans and Seeds.
WEDNESDAY. Jan. 6 — 1 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha 12 Injustice to 10
Alta W 07 KeBtuek 03 04
Andes 23 .23 Keyes Graes.' — 1 73
Belcher 32 »4 Lady Wash, .t — . PH
B««t & B«lch.2 25 2 50 Mexican I M 1 M
Bullion 10 12 Occidental ... a» W>
Caledonia ... »S 04;Ophlr S !>X » rs
Challenge Con 2ft ,30JOve*rrHan 24 -25
Chollar 2« 2« Potosi .- 23 . 2S
Confidence ... 95 9« Savage 32 ."W
Con C & Va.l 40 1 45. Scorpion It 13
Con Imperial. 63 03 Sfg BeWier.. 11 13
Con N Y .... 10 11 Sierra Nev .. 7.^ in
Crown Point. 22 23|?llvwHin «2 A4
Eureka Con.. — 50; St Louis 12 lrt
Exchequer ... IS 2O Syndicate — «H on
Could & Cur. 44 4.1] Union <Con .. 7« • 79
Hale & Norc. 72 75J I^tah 1« 17
Julia ...» 04 06 Yellow Jacket .29 31
TONOPAH MINES,
p.lfl.Ask. , Bld.AsJc.
Colefcan — 19 Ton Belmont. 67 59
Eape.ranza ... . — 01 Ton & Cal... — • - 2:t
Gold Anchor. 25 — Ton' of Nev..' — 6 2S
MacNarnara . C9 12 Ton. N Star.. 3t v 35
Mont Ton..l 17H l*2w T«n Midway.. 4S 4S
Rescue 04 OtJiUnited Ton..= «& 10
CLOSING QUOTATIONS
10C0 Gold Anchor. 251 3C0 Ton Midway.-. 44
200 Ray & OBrlen lf>l 300 Ton N Star. . 31
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE. *
' Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
,400 Ton Belmont. • 7* 200. Ton Midway.. 4«
ICO Ton Delmont. 71] SCO Ton N Star., yi
200 Ton Belmont. «9J-10OTon N Star. . S3
100 Ton Belmont. fiS^ v'»V\
Afternoon Session.
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE. '
Following were the sales on th« .Paciflo
Stock Exchange yesterday :
. Morning Session. .
20O Alpha Con-.. Jlf 400 Overman ..V. 24
200 Andes 23! SOO Potoal ........ 2.1
500 nulllon 4 10; JOO Savage 51
50 Challenge Con 30 ! 10O Savage .• 5.T
50O Chollar 2* 1 00 Sierra Nev .. • 74
200 Chollar 3Oi 200 Sierra Nrv .-. 73
600 Con C & V.t 42% I .".CO Sierra Nev .. Vt
Jiort Con C tt Va.1 40. ICO Sierra Nev .. \\
7W> Gould »l Cur.. 47| 400 Silver Hill .-.. «3
SOO Oculd & Cur. 43; 500 Union Con . .- 7«
100 Gould & Cur. 4.1: 20O. Union Con .. 80
500 Julia 051 200 Union Con .... 78
SCO Mexican 1 75! SOO. Union Con" 1 ..- 74
300 Ophlr 4 C0» 10ft Tellow Jacket 31
ICO Ophtr 3 80 500 Tellow Jacket 33
400K>verman 23 .
" Afternoon Session. ¦ ,
130O Andes 25 '100 Ophir .4 19
200 Con G & Va.l 45 100 Potosl .1..... 23
200 Crown Point, jj 23 600 Potosi ..»,.;. 24
200 Gould & Cur- 4.*; 100 Savage :. .¦...¦ 51
100 Justice •; 11 -ICO Sierra N«v .. 70
»2OO Mexican .....1 80 ion Hlerra N«v *. 71
100 Occidental , . . • 89 400 Sierra N«v . . Tt
ICO Ophlr 3 Prt 10O Silver Hill ¦ :.< t»
ICO Ophir 3 83 SOO tTt*h . . . '. * IT
ICO Ophir 4 13 200 Tellow Jacket 31
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE?.
Following were the sales on- th« San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
1000 Alpha IS 100 Ophlr 4 OS
COO Andes 27 200 Overman .... 'tS
200 Belcher 35 SCO Potosl 25
10O Belcher 38 30O Potoal ', 26
40O Caledonia ... 97 KO Pavw« ,'t
2T.-0 Chollar 29. 30<» Savage 85
60O Chollar »'•>{ 2OO Savaire ', 56
200 Con C * Va.l 50 100 Seg Belcher.. S3
200 Crown Point. .24.1600 Sierra NVr .. 75
200 Gould & Cur. 47] 100 1'nlon Con . . «f>
600 Gould & Cur. 4« 1W& Union Con .: 7»
SCO Mexican 1 00 500 Utah ... . in
SCO Ophlr 4 COl SCO Yellow Jacket 34
Afternoon Session. ' .- . [
SOO Ande* 24 800 Mexican ...V.l 9»
30O Beleher 33 lflo Ophlr S 9O
2C0 Bullion ..... 10 2©0Oph!r 3»
1W Caledonia ...»5 2CO Ophlr ...... ..4 «O
1C0 Caledonia ... T>2 SCO Overman .... 24i
200 Challenge Con 2S «Tm> Potosi ....... 24
ICO Challenge Con .29 4C0 Savase: . A2
50O Chollar 27 SOO Sierra Nev .. 75
450 Con-C A Va.l 45 20O Sierra Nev .. 7H
40O Crown Point. 22' SOO Union Con .» '"8,
«0O Gould & Cur. 4-Ti 4CO Union Con '.. 7S
100 HaJe. & Norc. . 7.1 1CO«> Union Con . . 74
flOO Justtce «>! 100 Tellow Jacket 39
300 Kentuck ' 031
¦ 1 - * • ' \ '
Mining Stocks.
Oil Stock— Bid. . Ajked
Alma
Apoiio ;¦.;;* *^;-
Associated Trust Certificate*. IS VIS
Aztec
California Standard « 00 ..'.'.
Caribou .... . i T3
Central Point Con ....
Chicago Crude .... . ....
Claxemont S3 .
Esperanza .... ..¦;.
Four ....*..* .........;..: • <JO : '• .-.:..
Fulton 4.00
Giant .... .'35
Hanford 140 on 143 f*»
Home 1 05 1 13
Imperial .v.... ............ ....
Independence- ......."....*... .... 14
Junction "..'.....•. ; -17
Kern 4 5O 4' 75 1
Kern River 12 0O 14 «»
Lion 01 'Ofi
Monarch <of Ariaona) • 40 ' ',1..
Monte Cristo .............. -6ft - ' ,. .".
Occidental of W Va 17
Oil City Petroleum. 25 ' 2S
Peerless ..... - "14 00
Plttsburg .... " ....
Reed Crude 4 30 ¦' 4 «0
S F A McKlttilck ". •" ....
San Joaquln O & D - ' ......
Senator <EJ i» «*
Sovereign 37 ' t(\
Sterling 2 SO 2 73
Superior ..« rs »7
Thirty-three .". . ... ... .¦
ToIUc l»
Twenty-eight 4 50 5 «7t-
Went Shore .- ' '300
Misc^llan^oirs— - '
Abby Lan<1 A Improvement.- ..'.*¦* ; .!;.
Alame<1.i Sugar >.. •;..."¦ 2S00
American . Biscuit 75 00 ..'..
American District Tel 1. ' ..:'.
Cal Gat & Etectrtc Corp...
California Cotton Mills .... S9 CO 95 00
California Jockey Club ..... .;.. ....
Calif ornU Shipping Co- 25 CO
Cal Title Ins * Trust .:..;
Central Bank- of Oakland . . . 60 CO 1 ' '....'
Chutes Company ....
Cypress 'Lawn Imp Co 6 50 "Off
Flscher'a Theater ...:..... ,,. : 22J
Ga» Consumers' Assn ....\ ' \ ¦'....
Honolulu Sugar ... .<
Northern Cal Power . ., 8 75 . 9 CO
North Shore Railroad • -. * ..V;
Orpheum Company IS 0O ¦ ' ....
Pacific States Tel £. Tel «.'.¦.."
Parafflne Paint ...... , 05 00 ; 1...
San • Francisco Dry Dock...' .....' '• ...»
Sanitary Reduction Work*.. 1 50 .;..
S&usallto Land & Ferry ' ....
Sperry Flour Company ....'. ...".• • ...k
Standard Electric .:. ' ¦ '".;..
Tesla Coal Company ...... U5 O» 3O 00
Truckee Electric .; ..:.
Union Sugar ¦ : ., ....¦ " ....
United Gas & Electric .... .... ••«'»
SALES. -
Morning Session..
Board — • ,
15oO Toltec -¦• 2»
Afternoon Session.
Boa.-d —
100 Home 1 10
California Stock and Oil Exchange
Wall-street stocks one to tzvo points lower.
Cotton futures break again. Call money lower.
Not vutch activity on our local exchanges.
Sihcr, Exchange and Mexican dollars higher.
Wheat firmer again on renewed zcar rumors.
Barley a fraction higher under an improved demand.
Oats. Corn and Rye quoted as before.
Hay. Bran and Middlings still very firm. •
Beans continue strong under prolonged .dry weather. .' . . - /
Butter, Cheese and Eggs about as before quoted. -
Provisions sharplv higher at Chicago and unchanged here. ,
Cattle, Sheep and Hogs show no further variation. - , .
Last Tomato pack much larger and Corn pack much smaller.
Potatoes showing wore tcne'and Onions firm.
Poultry and Game in good demand and steady.
• Cold weather continues to operate against the Fruit market.
4 SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS
Nczv York Money Market.
NEW YORK. Jan. 6. — CaU loans opened at
3% per cent, advanced to 3% per cent and
closed at 2 per cent. : •
The rate of discount In the open market for
ehort bills is 3%fi.»H per cent, and for three
months' bills 3V4®3?s per cent. I . .
Consols, money. 87 7-16i N Y Central 122%
Do account . — 87% Nor & Western.. 58%
Anaconda 3% Do prefd 90
Atehlson 69^ Ontario & West.. '-"2*;
Do prefd 0214 Pennsylvania 60%
Ealto & Ohio.... 73*i Rand Mines 9
Canadian Pacific. 120% Reading 22%
Ches & Ohio ... 34 Do 1st prefd 40%
Chicago G W lrt Do 2d prefd 29 ti
Chi M & St P.. -.147*; Southern Ry 20%
UtBeers 13% Do prefd 80%
Denver & R G .. 40% Southern Pacific. 49%
Do prefd 71 % 1 Union Pacific ... 81 U
Erie . 29 ' Do prefd 91%
Do 1st prefd... «0% U S Steel 10%
Do 2d prefd 51 Do prefd . . 56%
Illinois Central... i:«% Wabash 20
Louis & Xash ..11(1% Vo prefd 37%
Mo Kan & Tex . . 17% »
B&r Silver — Firm. 26 13-16d per ounce ¦
Money— 2@2% per cent
Do prefd 75 Victoria. ......... 2'4
United Fruit .... 97% Wlnona ..., 7>/i
U 6 Steel ...... 9% Wolverine .' fiO^4
Do prefd 55Vjl United Copper.. .¦ 63%
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Do coup ......i:i>%;M K & T.4s.... 1)6%
Do old 4s reg. 107%! Do 2ds . .. 7ft
Do coup .....aO7% N R R of Me 4s. 74
Do 5s reg> -....10114N Y Cent c 3%3.-97%
Do coup-.. 101>i N J- Cent p 5s... 123%
Atchlson sen 4s. 99. Nor Pacific 4s 101%
Do adjt.4s ...'87 • X>o 3s .*. :. 70%
Atlantic C L 4s. OX Nor* -W c 4s... 06%
Balto & O 4s.?..100v^O S L 4» & Pan, «2
Do 3%f 98% Penn conv 3%s... 05%
Cent of Ga 5s 104 Reading Gen 4s.. 05
Do 1st inc iB'Stlii'IMc 5s.lll%
Che« t O 4%s.,..102 St L & S F fg 4s. R3
Chi & Alton.3%s. 75 iSt L & S W lsts. 92»4
C B &. Q n 4s. ». 90% ! Seaboard A L 4s. 67%
C M & S P 8 4s. 10SU ; So Pacific 4s 87
Chi & N W c 7s. 131% So Ballway 5s ..111%
CR1&PRR4s 66% Tex & Pac lsts.H5%
Do col 5« 73 Tol St L & W 4s. 7l»i
C C C & S L g/4s. »6 Union Pacific 4S.107M,
Chi Term 4s .... 79 Do conv 4s ... 95!*
Con Tobacco 4s.. 55% U S Steel 2d 5s. «n%
Colo & So 4b ... 87 Wabanh lsts ....II 4%
Denver & R G 4s. 87% Do Deb B 61%
Erie prior lien 4s. 97 Wheel & L E 4s. 90
Do gen 4s 84 Wis Cent 4s S!)%
Ft W &. DC lsts. 101% Colo F & I c 5s. 70
Hocking Val 4^s.lO4
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 15] Little Chief 07
Alice 15' Ontario 6 00
Breec»> l<»,Ophir ,3 75
Brunswick Con ... O3!Pl)oenix 10
Comstock Tunnel.. Oti Potosl ' 22
Con Cal & Va....l 60, Savage . .' .".2
Horn Silver 1 C.S\ R'erra Nev -.70
Iron Silver 1 25} .Small Hopes ..... 22
I<eadville Oon 02'Standard 1 50
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — Westlntrh Cora... 61
Call loans 5%©6 Mining —
Time loans 5 ©6 Adventure 2%
Bonds — ' Allouez . 4»fc
Atehison 4s 97% Amalgamated 4fl«,4
Mex Cent 4s .... 67% Hingham 22%
Railroads — Calumet & Hecla.440
Atchlson 6CU Centennial 15%
Do prefd 87% Copper Range ... 45ii
Boston & Albany.245 Daly West . . 35%
Boston & Malne.ltti Dominion Coal ..60
Boston L 140 Franklin 9
N YN H & H...105 Isle Royale- «... 7%
Fitchburg prefd.. 135 Mohawk 3S
Union Pacific 77 Old Dominion ... 10
Mex Central 9T» Osceola CO
Miscellaneous — Parrot 21%
Amer Sugar 123 Quincy 90
Do prefd 123 Santa Fe Copper, l^i
Amer Tel & T..125 Tamarack 10*
Domin I & S ...• 8% Trinity 5
Gen Blectric 1«9 • United States ... 18U
Mass Electric ... 20 Utah ....32%
| " NEW YORK .BOND'S. ;
U S ref 2a reg..lOti . Louis' & N •unr.4s..'09U
Dd coup 10« IManhattan c g 4s.lo2%
Do 3k reg ...... 103%: Mex Cent 4» -*.. 67%
Do coup ...... 10«Vi ' Do latinc 14%
Do new- 4s reg. 133 j Minn & St.L 4s. 97
NEW YORK, Jan 6.— American Can Com
pany: Common— Bid. $3 75; asked, 8387%.
Preferred— Bid, '$23; asked. $33 25.
NEW YORK. Jan. 6.— Bond transactions
United Railroads Of San Francisco: 10,000 at
$75 75. • ¦¦ ¦•• • ,¦¦',. i - , ¦ •- -. •
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY.
Total 6ales. .... 7^3,3*10 shares.^ , • . . .
UNITED .RAILROADS OF-'SAN FRANC1SCQ,
Am Lin Oil pfd 2S
,Am Locomotive... , 2,500 17% .16% , 16%
Am Eocomotv ofd.. 80O 77 75'b 75
Am Smelt & Ret.. 1.200 4S 4754 47%
Am Smelt & R pfd. 700 69% 8S% 89
Am Sugar Ref pfd. 10.600 125U 123*4 m%
Anaconda Mln Co.. ..... .... .... "5
Brooklyn Rap Trn. 13.2C-0 A8% 47% 48%
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 300 29 28 28
Columb & H Coal.. 100 14»4 14% 14*4
Consolidated Gas... 2.1C0 190% 1S9H 190
General Electric... 300 171% 170^ 170
Int'.roatnl Paper... 400, 11-; > 10% - 10%
Internl Paper pfd.. ...' 65
Inteml Pump ...... .; 2« .
Intern! Pumo pfd..' ..:'..¦' ..¦..> ...'. • 73 .
National Biscuit 3«%
National Lead. ..•..-."...'. V',...«. t .....?v5l5 j
North American... 600" a3% 82 ' 82
Pacific Moil ........ .-..,,.-.... 24 t
People's Gas 3,100 07 05% 96 -
Prfssefl'Sjsel C»r:.--. - 200 : 28%' -27?i >87J4
PrsU Car Pfd. ...... • .... . <57
Pullman fal Car 1 /; v : ..'.. .... -216
Republic 6teel..,vi. : ..... -J; ...;". .*... ;'¦•¦ «H
Republic Steel pfd. ,2,400 42 41 • 40%
Rubber- Goodi. -...".I '.^700 17% 17% s -n>A
Rubber. Goods pld.'.':.;. 1 ..; r '78-
Tenn Coal -it Iron;.: 2,700 . 36U , 33 . 35U
U S Leather...-..: 900 7V» .' 7'i 7%
U S Leather, pfd. ..'^ 800 75% 75% • '75%
US Rubber......,.- .....; .... «•> 11%
U S Rubber cfd. '..'."•-.....' •••"• " 41 _,
U S Steel.";:. ..;•... 62,S0O' : 10%- »% • ,-* »V&
U S Steel pfd,.:.. 97.«00^ MVs \ 54% - fi5%
Wtst#rn Unirn ;a,200 86% 85 S6
HIDES AND SKINS— CulU and brands sell
about »"f?lc under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers. !Tc: medium. 8c; light, 7%c; Cow Hides,
~Vic for heavy and 7V»e for lisrhc: Stag*, 5e:
Salted Kid. J»c; Salted Veal. 10c; Salted Calf.
10%c: dry Hides, lS^lte; dry Kip. ISc: dry Calf.
ISc; Sheepskins, shearlings. 23$30c-each; short
Wool, 40(genc each; medium. 70-gOOc: long
Wool,. $1®1 50; Horse' Hides, salt. »2 75 for
large and $2>32 50 for medium. $1 2531 75 for
small and 5flc for Colts. Horse Hides, dry.
$1 75 for large and $1 .V> for medium. $1(81 25
for small and 50c for Colts. Buck Skins — Dry
Mexican. 31c: dry salted Mexican. 25c; dry
Central American. 31c. Goat Skins— Prime An
goras, 75c; large and smooth. 50c; medium, 35c;
email. £0c.
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered, 4%c per Ib; No.
2. 4c; grease, 2%®3c.
WOOL— Fall clip — San Joaquln Lambs*. 99
lie; Middle. County. lli*12c; Northern Free,
ll«12c: Northern Defective. 10*»llc: HumboJdt
and Mendoclno. 12©14c: Nevada. 1.1S15c; Ore
gon fine. ]8*rlfic; Oregon medium. 17c per Ib.
HOPS— 20024c per Ib for California.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Chicago was sharply higher, though receipti
of-Hors were liberal and the packing inter
ests on the whole were against any advance
In Drices. There was nothing new here;
CURED MEATS — Bacon. ll%e «>er Ib for
heavy. 12c for li«ht medium. 14e for light.
14%o for extra light. ISc for sugar-cured and
20c for extra sugar-cured: Eastern sugar-cured
Hams. 14c: California Hams. 13ViQ13%c: Mess
Beef $11 50 Der bbl; extra M»ss. $12312 50:
Family. $13: prime Mess Pork. $17; extra clear,
$24: Mess. M9; Dry Baited Pork. 12c; Pig Pork.
$28; Pigs' Feet. $5 25; Smoked Beef. 15c par Ib.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 7%c per Ib for
compound and 9c for pure; half-barrtls. put*.
OHc; 10-lb tins, 0%c; 5-lb tins. OTic; 3-lb tins.
ice
COTTOLENE — One half barrel. 8!Ac;. three,
half barrels. &\c; one tieree. S%c; two tierces.
S%c; five tierces. S%c per B>.
Provisions.
other grains. ciosed ii@%c up at 39%
@30%c. - . -...¦..
Provisions \were up on the .war excitement, |
though the news relative to the market was ;
bearish. May pork led In the adva.nce, clos
ing 57%c higher, lard was up 17&c and ribs
were I7\'j@2t)c higher. .
The leafilng futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open.. High! Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2 — ¦ • , ¦..,-•
May.. • SSV, 8S^ 87% SSVi
July . 83U 83% 82 M% !
September ..: ,. 80>/ 3 80% 79*i S0%
. Corn No. 2— - ' * '•
January 43 43% 43 4S% ;
May 47%. 47vj -47 47%
July... 47 • 47H 46% 47%
. Oats No. 2 — ¦ ¦ - '
January 36>,i 3fi%" 36^4 36%
May 39*i 39»i 39Vi 30%
July 36% 30% 36U 36%
Mew Pork, per bbl —
January 13 00 13 32% 13 00 13 32%
May 13 25 13 70 13 20 13 62%
Lard, per 100 lbs —
January .... .... 6 S7%
•May ...7 00 7 12% 6 0T%" 7 12%
- Short Ribs, per 100 lbs— - • .
January 0 45 6 C2% 6 45 ,6 52%
..May*.... ... -ft C7% B 82% .6 67-% .6 82%
Cash quotations -w»re~ as - follows: Flour,
strcng: No. 3 soring wheat,. 7<5"g&9c; No. 2 red,
87%<£SS%cT"Nb. 2 corn. 44c; No. ! 2" yello*-,
45V>c; No: 2 oats, 3C»»S'3C%c; No;- 3 white,
3&KQ3SU,c: No.- 2 rye. 5:*c; good feeding bar
1 l«jV-^M?37c: fair to choice malting, 43@58e;
No. 1 flaxseed, OS%c; No. 1 Northwestern,
$1 05: prime' timothy seed, $2 00; mess pork,
per bbl. $13 S0<8 13 C2%: lard, per 100 it«,
I $6 S5; chort ribs sides (loo»a). $6 S7%C»
6 t52%; short clear sides (boxed). $« 62% 9
6 75;. •whisky, basis ef high wines, $1 2tr clo
j ver, contract grade. $11 25. •¦
I.- "Articles-^ '' -. .. Recelpti. Shipments."
i Flour, barrels 4<i,300 6«,3C0
Wheat, bushels .;...?..; B1.700 ', -41,000
Corn, bushels ! . .371.600 340.700 '
Oats, . bushels .— 301,70<» . . 386,700 ;
Rye, bushels : i:{.30t) ' • 1 l.SCO
. Barley, bushcii 43,400. . . 4S.C00 -
•¦On the I'roduce Exchange to-day the butter
[ market was easier: creameries, lf>®23c; dai
ries, 14f21c. Efrgs, firm; at mark, cases Id-
I eluded, 25©2Sc. Cheese, steady,, 10@l0%c
Foreign Futures. / v .
LIVERPOOL.
I .Wheat— . . . March.' May.
i Opening ....: 6.5% 6 5
............;...^..i..i.. 6 5*4 . tt 5%
PARIS. .
Wheat— * Jan. May-Aug.
Opening .....2150 -2165
Closing • ¦..;.. 21 60 2165
: . Flour — i
Opening ....'. f .'. 29 50 • :» 20 :
Closing 29 55 29 20-
HAY— Wheat. $14617: Wheat and Oat J14ffl
16; Oat. $13 50015 50; Wild Oat. $12 5<M21* ft™
Parley. $12(S14; Stock nominal — none here- Al
falfa; $12013 50 pef tbn. '
STRAW— 50® 65c per bale.- >
Owing to the continued dry weather arid the
wijl. founded >bellef. yjat we ;wIU receive, large
ora^rs- for. export 'very soon,., market prices
have^ advanced from 50 cents to $1 50 per ton
on all grades of hay." - : ',-¦ .• ¦_ • •;
ERAN--S10 50020 50 per ton*"*-^ •
MIDDLINGS— $26 50fg28 30 per "ton
SHORTS^.* la 50ff20 50 per toil. •
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $Z1W)«24 60
per ton: Oil Cake Meal at the mill. ?27©2s 50
jobbing. $20@:>0:'-Cocoanut Cake $2lt&T>- Co-n
Meal. .$28 50«-.»9 50;- Cracked Corn. t&GSQ'
Mixed Feed. $22®23; Horse jBeans. $3C®40 per
ton. ¦ ¦ - . i - - •
I It was stated yesterday that the California
. representatives in Washington. D. C. had tel
j egraphed here that after inspecting the bids*
for forage for the Philippines the Government
! authorities had. decided to place the hay order
> here, bui. that the .northern States would get
I the contract for the oats, a little over 4000
: tons. This report has not,been officially con
>firmed as yet, but positive advices in this con
nection are expected to-day or to-morrow W«
f wlsh to state, that. the. bids submitted to the
Government- for hay are on "double compressed
'. hay only. ' ,~ . -. . - -
"As was anticipated, local trade has become
quite brisk since the first of the menth. as
has also export trade. . A persistent report
that the Russian Government was buying al
falfa hay in large lots in Nevada and" that
the market thero has made an enormous ad
vance In the past few days caused quite a
flurry among the local dealers, especially as
It is believed that the States to' the north of
us will have to come to this market for hay
before th* season is over. .It has also been
rumor«r that agents for the Japanese and Rus
sian Governments had been making Inquiries
on this market, but as yet nothing has come
of this. . • .
The circular of Somers & Co. says of Hay;
;*Thc total arrivals for the past week
amount to ISftO tons, in comparison with
J05O tons for the preceding week.
yesterday. '• Feedstufts are also strong and of
fering slenderly* "¦ *
• . BANK STOCKS. ' " ' '¦
Am Ntl Bk.l2O 123 ,L P -& A .. — l?0
Ar.Klo-Cal . . 85 »1 Mer Trust . . — ZS2\i
Bank of CH. — 455 >. Merch Ex . . — —
Cal Safe Dp. — 150 s> F.Natlonl. — —
First Nation! — —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S } & L. —2275 S»r tL?a — - KS
Hum SAL.— — S«c S«v Bk.373 4W
Mutual Sav.100 H© Union T Co. — , —
s f Sav u.eoo.co .. , . ¦ •:.'¦ .
STREET RAILROADS. "
California ..190 205 ipreildlo ...» 38 41
Geary ......— SO L ...
POWDER. ¦ ;
Giant 62UCS I Vlgortt — »
SUGAR.
Hana P Co. — — jKllauea. S C. — - 5
Hawaiian- O. 44 44% Makawall C.*22% *5"4
Honokaa S C 12?» — {Onomea 3 C. rSl
Hutch S P C S — Ifaauhan 3 C II 14%
¦ * MISCELLANEOUS,
Alaska P A.13HVJ137 (Oceanic S' C 4 " , : 5"
Cal F C A. 92*; 05 Pac Aux Fa' '..1 5%
cal Wine A. 03^ on; I pac c Borx.197 —
. . ' . Morning Session. / • <
',"•' •¦ . . Board-r- ...'••
¦ 5 Alaska Packers" Asm 1ST 00
5o Sprint Valley Water Co * S» t»
$3,000 8 P C 1st con 5 per ct (stmpd).lO? 5© •-
Street — .....
.¦» Alaska Packers' Assn '. 1ST 00
$S.Q0O North, Shor* 5 per -cant ...... W «>
$3,000 Pacific Electric Ry 5 per cent.103 Co
Afternoon Session. . .. -
' - ' Board — % ' I'- . "
40 Alaska Packers' Assn ..i 138 30
10 Oceanic 8 S Co 4 CO
5 Paanhao S P Co .",,...., It CO
« Sprtnsr Valley Water Co .'....." 3O 124
ll.CitW Lo* Angeles Ry 5 per cent. .. 113 JO
$1,000 Nor Ry Co of Cal 5 per cent.. 1 15 i>>
SI. CM) S P of Arizona (1DOO> ........ 104 15
Street —
$5,fcCO Pacific Electric Ry 5 per cent.103 00
No. 2. 'll©ll%e: Almonds, lie for -Nonpareils.
10%c for I X L. 10Hc for Ne Plus Ultra and
Sftc for Languedoc; Peanuts, 6©7c for Eastern;
Pecans, 11 iiL'ie; Cocoanuts. $1 3065; Cheat
nut?, 84110c D»r Ib.
HONEY— Comb. 10@ll%c for white and S%<3
9%c for amber: water white extracted, 5#
C^'ic: llsht amber extracted. 4!jS*^*c; dark,
3%O4c. • •
BEESW AX— 27@29c B«r 1b.
THE FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 7, 1904.
Hay rufes • very firm , at the - advance noted
¦ FLOUR— California ¦ Family Extras $4 COO
| 4 <O. usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $4 50<fU «i>:
Oregon and Washington, $3 00@4 20 per bbl tor
Family and $3 904M 40 for Bakers'.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices " In packages are as
follows:' Graham Flour. $3 25 per 100 lb«;
! Rye Flour. $3 25; Rye Meal. $3: Rice Flour,
$7; Corn Meal.. $3 25; extra cream do. $4; Oat
.Groats. $4 60; Hominy. $4«?4 25: Buckwheat
Flour. $4 5004 75; Clacked Wheat- $3 73; Fa
rina $4 50: Whole Wheat' Flour.' $3 50: Rolled
Oats bbls. $7 25{2S 60; In sacks. $6 75<gS 10;
Pearl Barley. $0; Split Peas, boxes. $7; Green
Peas/ $5 80 per 100 lbs.. '.
. . Hay '-wd ' Fcedstufi s.
Flour and Millstuffs.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
13
SEE THE PICTURES
JERUSALEM AT ? THE
WORLD'S FAIR
NEXT SUNDAY CALLTHE SAN FRANCISCO GAEL, THURSDAY. JANUARY. 7, 1904.
i Guillen's New Tear's extra mince pies. Ice
cream and cake. 905 Larkln at.; tel. Eaat 198. *
HAVANA, Jan. 6. — President Palma to-day
signed his veto of th* lottery bill, which veto
an announced In these 'dispatches h« had pre
pared iast month In expectation of the passage
or J-h* hill. \
Assistant Register" Clerks — E." S.' Hawley, T
C. Maher. H. Frazer.D. Nichols, T. F. O'Neil
J.sF. O'Brien. T. \U . Poran. < C J. Lengenfel
6cr, Joseph ' Rlordan, - M. - Sushway.- *
. Copyists — J. C. Flood. V.. Gallagher. N. Dem.
mine, - D.,. Crane,' Herman Madison. L.. : Clave
loux, P. Leach. * G. * Mantor. J.' Halsey. N.
Grant, '• George W, Lee.. J."' Jesserum, - E. ¦ B
Colin, W. Heney, R. Young, W. Wahn.
F. Grimes, John P. Rice, P. J. Gray, A. Duf
fce. ,B.; Conlln. :¦ ' . \ : ¦ . , •, ¦• ¦
Officers McCurrie and Unsrer of the
Humane Society arrested Patrick Ellis
yesterday for. drivlryt a crippled horse.
The animal belongs to. the proprietors
of the Merchants' Stables. Ellis was
released; on S10 baiL > j
Is Arrested for Cruelty.
Is the name of anew heating appliance
that is just the thing for public build
ings" and residences. It does the work
cheaply. Particulars from S.;F. Gas and
Electric Co., 415 Post st. •
"Gasteam"
, The.Chamber of Comraerce.has sent
telegrams to Senator Perkins and to
Representative Metcalf urging that
efforts be made to have Congress con
tinue indefinitely theT suspension^ of
duty on all kinds of foreign coal.
"Wants Xo Duty on Coal.
ADAMS 1 Irish Moss Cough Balsam the saXe.
sure, guaranteed. cure. 25c. 60c.' Druggists. •
The following officers of the Pacific
Coast Waiters' Association for the. en
suing six months were installed Tues
day afternoon: L." G. Harris.' president;
Charles Sweeny, "vice •* president;
Charles R'. Stickel, treasurer; Joseph
A. McFaul, auditor; Louis D. Fry, re
cording, secretary: directors — H. Bes
enthal, Ed Bly, Fred Errett. John M.
Lacey, Harry McKenzle, Charles C.
Phillips, Louis A. Richter. On ac
count of the numerous deaths in the
association last ' month, the semi-an
nual, jinks -, has been postponed to a
time, not yet [decided upon.
Waiters Install Officers.
Tleo'a '. Cure for. Consumption also cures
coughs, colds. . sore lung's and asthma. *
A motion to dissolve the injunction
restraining Isadore Golden from in
terfering with - Walter S. Dorn In his
possession of the office of Justice;of
the Peace, to which he was appointed
by the Board of Supervisors, will be
heard by Judge Murasky this morning
at 9:30 o'clock. It was set for hear
ing, yesterday , at noon, but was con
tinued at request of Dorn, who asked
for time to prepare -a defense.
Justices' Fight in Court.
Murine Kye Remedy cures Sore Byes.
Makes weak Eye» strong:. Murine doesn't
smart, it soothes Eye pain. > ~ • ¦ .
A force of experienced men has
been selected by County Clerk-elect
John J. Greif to fill the positions in his
office during the next two years. The
names of the successful ones were
made public, last night while they
were all assembled in Judge Sloss'
courtroom, where they had been sum
moned by Greif to hear the news of
their appointment and to receive in
structions from their chief. The list
contains the names of many men fa
miliar to politicians. There is not a
man on the list, however, who cannot
fill any, of the desks in the County
Clerk's office; in fact, most of them
have had experience in the office.' :
In naming .the 'men Greif talked to
them as would a- man with . a large
business dependent upon his help and
when he was through they all stepped
forward and signed an ironclad agree
ment to, obey orders to the letter, and
to do everything in, their power to* see
that the County Clerk's office would'in
the future be a marvel of neatness and
an office against "which not a* word of
censure could be. applied, -
Following are the names of the;men
selected by Greif: . . ,.
Hegrster Clerka— E. J. Casey, C. C:* Morris,
F. Danforth. A. S. Levy, "A. Houston:
Cashier — A. J. Brander. • "¦• » •.' '¦ ¦';';.'¦.
i Courtroom Cl»rks-rJ. It. - McElroy,- John
Ahearn, W. J.' Kennedy, ~ R.r - Fitzgerald, - > .
Watson, -J. B. Reilly.i,L. N. .Jacobs. C.A E.
Corey, ' J. .; Boyle, J. B. Martin, -' J. J. ' Groom,
Connty Clerk-Elect Appoints Fifty
Experienced Men to His Office.
GREIF NAMES CLERKS.
' Charles -Barney, has been fined $250
in the Superior Court of Humboldt
County for dynamiting Eel River for
fish. . Fish Commissioner Vogelsang
says the fine .was. paid by the man's
mother-in-law, thus casting a doubt on
the validity of the prehistoric joke.
Deputies Cross and Welch have seized
four ¦; valuable set nets in Russian
River. The owners of the property
fled in the darkness. Judge Cabanlss
fined Ellen Crow $25 yesterday for of
fering quail for sale. George Dwyer
was arrested for buying the quail. Jus
tice of the Peace.Lewis of Cloverdale
has fined Cornelius Orr 525 for killing
deer out of season.
Game Law Violators Punished.
Saes Henry's Administratrix
The trial of the suit of the United
States Fidelity and Guaranty Company
aralnst Kate Henry, administratrix of
thf estate of her husband. John
Henry, to recover S500 paid by the
plaintiff, to the Ancient Order of Hi
bernians to cover a shortage In
Henry's accounts as county treasurer
of the order, was commenced in Judge
Graham's court yesterday. Henry
committed suicide last'January.
The carpets and draperies of the car
are of the richest character. In the
forward end is the private room of
Karolyn Burmeister, also . a bathroom
and accommodations for the cook,
waiter and porter of the car.
There are thirty people all told in the
party, including servants. Patti trav
els in a private car specially, provided
for this trip. It is seventy- three feet
long. It has a dirilng-room in the mid
dle, in which nineteen persons sat at
dinner on New Year's eve. watching the
old year die. At one side of this is
Madame Patti's- bedroom, in which . is
a big bras3 bedstead. Adjoining this
is the Baron's bedroom, and another
for Mrs. Baird, Madame Patti's guest.
The dining and other rooms are fin
ished in mahogany. There is a well
appointed kitchen and cold storage
compartment and a storage battery
supplies the "electric lighting: of the car.
The rear, . or observation end of the
car, is finished in English oak. and in
it is a piano built especially for Madame
Patti. .^ ¦ •
PEOPLE IX PARTY.
Mr. Cunningham got off the train at
Sacramento to see the sights and on
his return he saw Patti's private car
disappearing over the bridge. He tele
graphed Julius Francke, another of the
party, to look after his belongings, as
he would rejoin the party in this city.
At Sacramento representatives of the
press sought vainly for a chance to
talk to the Baroness, but she courte
ously declined. The overland arrived
at the- Oakland pier in time to catch
the ferry-boat which was laden with
racetrack goers. Madame Patti at
tracted a great deal of attention as
she left the car on the arm of her hus
band, Baron Cederstrom, and her agent,
Marcus Mayer. She entered a waiting
carriage and was driven on board the
ferry-boat.
Patti went immediately to the Palace
and retired to her apartments for rest
after her fatiguing journey. She seem
ed to be in excellent health and pleased
to have reached the city by the Gclden
Gate.
The dLva is accompanied by her hus
band, Mrs. Baird of London, a lifelong
friend of the singer and her guest: Miss
Karolyn Burmeistcr, ner companion,
who has been with her for thirty years,
and Signor Morini, her secretary. •
In the company who will appear to
night are Signor R. Saplo, the musical
director, who was here with Patti in
1890, and who has played her accom
paniments in her concert work; Miss
Mera Margolles. pianist; Miss Rose Za-^
meles, violinist; Claud Cunningham;
barytone; Wilfred Vrigo, tenor, and An
tone Hegner.
Baroness Cederstrom, better known
to theatergoers as Adelina Patti, ar
rived in this city last evening and, with
her husband and members of her party,
is quartered at the Palace Hotel. The
famous singer has been religiously
guarded by the Baron and her secre
tary and no one has been permitted to
interview her. Even while en route
from Salt Lake City the diva remained
in her private. car and declined to hold
converse with strangers. Her whole
desire was to save her strength for her
reappearance in San Francisco to-night.
She has not been here before since 1890.
When she steps before the footlights
at the Grand Opera-house to-night the
famous singer will be royally greeted
by a. large audience, composed of the
best people of this city and vicinity.
On last Monday night the diva had
the great honor of singing in the Mor
mon Tabernacle in Salt Lake City. Im
mediately after the concert she was
bundled up and went immediately to
her private car and the journey west
ward was continued.
BARYTONE L.OSES TRAIN*.
Famous Singer Arrives From
Salt Lake City and Retires
to Apartments at Palace
PATH EVADES
INTERVIEWERS
These shipments during the month3
of July, August and September in 1902
amounted to $2,249,429, and In 1903 to
$2,501,273. The shipments from Puget
Sound were 51,788,960-ln 1902 and $2,070,
901 in 1903. In the same period San
Francisco Is credited with shipments
valued In 1902 at $460,467. and in 1903
at $430,372. It will be observed that
shipments from Puget Sound increased
during the period of three months In
1903 as compared with the same months
in 1902 to the extent of $282,000, while
those from San Francisco decreased
$30,000.
fcUBar 40.933 - 42,715
Candy . 8,658 11,273
Tobacco ami Hears 06,023 • 100.0S2
Vegetables— green .. 42.114 43.r»S9
Vegetables — canned 49,856 40,469
Lumber, etc....... 109,275 171.1*1
Flannels and blankets . 3.116 ' 2,612
Clothing 44,245 23,221
A ' table has been prepared by ¦ Mr.
Goodwin from official sources showing
the yalues of the principal commodities
shipped to Alaska from Pacific Coast
points during July, August and Sep
tember last, and also affording a com
parison with the shipments during the
summer of 1902. That table is as fol
lows: '
1902. ¦ 1003.
Animal* $33,406 . $68,017
Breadstuffs 166,6.18 116,758
Candles 14.483 10.9.1s
Chemicals drugs. etc 38.751 yt»,6J>l»
foeoa and chocolate '... . 1.574 ' 1..154
ConVo l.'l.DSt 21.899
Kkks ... .V.' ? 62.4fKJ 56.803
Fruits and nuts ss.ot>4 "0,277
Gunpowder, etc 5S, n.V) $15,013
Rubber manufacturers ...... 3H.3S8 43.2.^9
Iron and steel manufacturers. 329. OS7 045 »38
Boots and shoes, etc.... a5,320 49,117
Oils — Illuminating and lubrl
catlnfc ................. 39,024 / 84,178
Beef products': 89,316 < R7.7B8
Host products '. 134,609 132.354
Dairy products • 119,664 154.016
Rice „: .. 0.301 6.S66
Salt 15.251. 10.231
•Soap 5.370 7,714
Beer 39.819 4S.877
"Whisky ....A. ..;:... 21,635! 27,«8«
Other spirits 3.1. 0.*?O 49,076
Wines '. «.li9 10,431
Syrups, etc. .5,258 ' H.813
PRINCIPAL SHIPMENTS.
Some remarkable revelations concern
ing the relative share that San Fran
cisco is taking, in the transaction of
business between the mainland of the
United States and the non-contiguous
territory of the United States are found
in governmental statistics gathered un
der the law of April- 29, 1902, which are
now for the first time available. The
non-contiguous territory of the United
States includes the Philippines, Alaska.
Porto Rico, Hawaii and some lesser
islands. The point of interest in the
figures is the indication of. how the
business of the countries bordering on
the Pacific Ocean arid under the con
trol, of the United States is transacted.
The first fact for observation is that
the Puget Sound cities are gaining
strongly, in the race for the business of
Alaska and the Philippines. The cus
toms returns just at hand show that
the Pacific Coast shipments to Alaska
have increased since 1868 from 5253,000
to J13.457.000 in 1901. During the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1903, the value of
shipments from the Pacific. Coast to
Alaska amounted to $9,266,504. Of this
amount Puget Sound sent out $6,138,089,
San Francisco $2,955,341 arid Portland
and Astoria $173,124.
The value of shipments of all goods
from the United States to the Philip
pine Islands during the nine months
ending September 30, 1903, was '$3,309,
427, as compared with $3,61S,712 for the
corresponding period in 1902. The fol
low.lng table is provided to show how
the export business to the Philippines
from this coast is distributed, ¦ the
figures representing the values moved
from each of the places named during
the nine months ending on September
30 in 1902 and 1903: .
POINTS OF EXPORT.
1 From— • 1902. 1903.
Humboldt, Cal 520,167 $12,315
San Francisco '827.537 • 479.640
Puget. Sound ........ 306,876 1,128,999
Portland and Astoria. 188,303 87,977
The figures from official sources have
just been received by Eugene Goodwin,
director of the Pacific Commercial
Museum, and he is making a compila
tion for a bulletin to be issued for the
benefit of the business community.
Concerning the falling. off in exports
from San' Francisco and Portland to
the Philippines in 1903 Mr. Goodwin
says that it may be. accounted for in
pact' by the establishment of direct
steamship service between! Seattle and
Manila and the large shipments of lum
ber and forage from Seattle. The values
of such shipments 4 during the nine
months ending last September were
as follows:, Oats. $137,815; hay, $166,
692; lumber, $440,683. The significant
fact Is that the Puget. Sound ports are
increasing their exports not only, to
Alaska but also to the Orient at the
expense of San Francisco.
Returns Cover Trade of the
Non-Contiguous Lands That
Are Embraced in Domain of
United States as Expanded
The audience was then entertained
with a whirlwind dance by Irene Koper
and Ruth Wilson, who gave a most
wonderful exhibit of rapid dancing.
Then* the orchestra played a march
dedicated to the head consul, after
which "Prince" Vincent, on behalf of
the Woodmen of California Camp, pre
sented, the head consul a ' beautiful
silver loving cup, a token of. esteem
from the host camp. Mr. Falkenburg,
who had been deeply moved by the ap
preciation shown for his invalid wife,
was for a moment almost lost for
words to express his feelings at this
further token from the , camp. ' As
soon as he recovered himself he
thanked the members of California No.
634 and the ladies of California Circle,
after which he delivered' an entertain-,
ing and Instructive address. The Bo
hemian Quartet.' E. Wright. A.
Mayce, C. Sheehan and C. Hanke,
favored with vocal selections, after
which there was dancing for two hours.
More than five hundred people were
turned away from the hall, as there
was no room for them.
At the close of her remarks Mrs.
Oliver, on behalf of the Women of
Woodcraft of California Circle, • pre
sented to Miss Falkenburg for her
mother a -handsome cologne bottle in
cased in 4 silver, and while the young
lady was responding about one hun
dred and fifty ladies of the circle ad
vanced to the stage and each threw
upon It a bouquet of beautiful flowers,
a token of love and affection for the
past guardian neighbor, who could not
be present. (
This was followed with an overture
by. an orchestra and a few>words of
introduction by Chairman Wilson, who
expressed the feeling of" admiration
that there Is in California Camp for
"the grand old man of Woodcraft, Its
founder." After that there was a so
prano solo by Miss Gertrude Gallick.
a monologue by Isadore B. Myers and
a bass solo by J. J; Colgan. a member
Cf the camp. This was followed by
the presentation of a set of beautifully
engrossed resolutions by Leo de Car
dona. P. C. C. to Laurance Vincent in
recognition of the energetic and active
work he has done for. the camp of
which he is a charter member. The
recipient, who is generally known in
the fraternal circles as "the prince," re
sponded with that decree of modesty
for which he is noted.
Then Fred Purdy. the sweet singer
of the National Union, sang a tenor
solo, after which Mrs. -Hester Bell
Oliver, past guardian neighbor of
Woodcraft, delivered an interesting
address on Woodcraft, during which
she spoke of the good work done for
that order by Mrs. Falkenburg, wife
of the head consul, while she was its
grand guardian neighbor. That lady
could not be present, being an invalid
in Oakland.- but was represented by
her daughter. ?
MAKE PRESENTATION.
MUSIC FOLLOWS ARRIVAI*.
If ever Head Consul F. A. Falken
burg of the Woodmen of the World felt
honored by neighbors of Woodcraft it
must have been In Lyric Hall last night
at the reception tendered him by Cali
fornia Camp No. 634, W. O. W.
Previously to the reception the head
consul and his daughter were the spe
cial guests of a number of personal'
friends at a dinner, served in a popu
lar and fashionable dining hall on Lar
kin street. Those who were at that
affair besides the guests were: Joseph
A. "Wilson, . past consul commander of
California Camp, who was the chair
man of the evening at the reception;
Mrs. Wilson", Laurance and Mrs. Vin
cent, E. B. McManus and wife, C.
Welley and wife, D. L. Mayers and
wife, D. Oliver Jr.. editor of the Pa
cific Woodman, and Mrs. Oliver; C.
Goldberg and wife, G. W. Baltic and
wife, and Leo de Cardona and lady.
After the supper the guests were
driven to- Lyric Hall, and In company
with the chairman of the evening, Jo
seph A. Wilson, were received by the
following named members of the com
mittee of arrangements: Laurance
Vincent, Leo de Cardona. G. W. Baltic,
Charles Goldberg and D. L. Mayers and
the uniformed teams of Golden Gate
and Mission camps. He was escorted
Into the beautifully decorated hall, in
which were assembled about a thou
sand people, neighbors of Woodcraft,
members of the Women of Woodcraft
»nd many who do not belong to either
organization. The advance of the guest
of the evening was the signal for a
burst of applause that shook the build
ing as did the concussion of the great
guns that were fired during the fore
noon, and the applause and the shouts
of "Hurrah for Falky!" were kept up
until the head consul and his daughter
reached the scat£ reserved for them
on the stage. Both the head consul
and Miss. Falkenburg bowed their ac
knowledgment of appreciation of the
ovation.
Should Dr. Brackett not be placed on
the Health Board he will be considered
along with Dr. J. H. Dlllnn and Dr. I).
F. Ragan for Health Officer. The buc-.
ctBPful two of the three named would
then be placated by appointment as
chief emergency surgeon, to succeed
Dr. Bunnell, and City Physician, to suc
ceed I5r. Morrissey. Dr. T. A. Rottanzl
Is also an aspirant for one of the latter
two positions and is being considered
by the Mayor for appointment. •
SI Gunst, brother of Moses Gunst,
has been appointed expert searcher by
Tax Collector Smith j to succeed Her
man -Bnkel, who recently died. Th«
position was originally created by
ordinance of the Board of Supervisors,
on the. recommendation of the Mayor,
and pays a salary of $150 a month. It
is under civil service, but no examina
tion has as vet been held for it.
The vacancy created by the death of
Dr. Stahle will be filled by the appoint
ment of William C. Gray, who stands
next in line on the list of experienced
clerks.
Board of Health— Dr. G. F. Brackett,
D ( r. Miles Van Meter, Dr. F. C. New
ton.
Board of Education — Lawrence F.
Walsh, reappointment.
Civil Service Commission — George B.
Benham. • .
From present Indications the new
appointees probably will be as fol
lows:/
Election Commission — J. George
Boyne, James Devoto.
Fire Commission — John Daughney.
Park Commission— William J. Dingee.
Board of Public Works — Thomas F.
Boyle.
HEALTH BOARD VACANCIES.
It is almost certain that Mayor
Schmitz will name three members of
the Board of Health, although the
terms of Buckley and Baum alone ex
pire, Lewitt having still one more year
to serve. Lewitt has frequently ex
pressed his determination to resign as
soon as his two colleagues retire, he
preferring'- not to remain on a
board the new members of which
will be antagonistic to him. Should
Lewitt not resign the Mayor may con
sider him as having been removed un
der the recent Supreme Court decision*
that the' Mayor has the power of re
moval at will. Lewit was removed by
Schmitz along with the other mem
bers of Phelan's Board of Health, who
retained their offices by reason of an
injunction restraining Schmitz "from
removing them. The Supreme Court
decision referred to makes it possible
for Schmitz to remove JLewitt again
and to appoint his successor. • Lewitt
himself says that he dors not know
whether he will resign or riot and that
his prospective removal does not
bother him.
Mayor Schmitz is having some
trouble in" selecting the members of
the Health Board. He would like to
reappolnt Dr. Miles Van Meter, whom
he appointed in 1902, when he at
tempted to remove the old board. Dr.
Ward, who was appointed on the
board at the same time by Schmitz, is
averse to having Van Meter as a col
league for some reason. Ward and
the Mayor have had some warm de
bates over the matter, but it is likely
that the Mayor's intention to appoint
Van Meter will be carried out. The
second vacancy on the Health Board
probably will be filled by the.appoint
ment of Dr. C. F. Brackett, a close
friend of the Mayor. Dr. Frank C.
Newton is also under consideration for
one of the vacancies on the Health
Board.
PRosPEcrrrrc appointees.- ,
The Mayor believes that the provi
sion is unconstitutional, In that It is
discriminatory and is a disfranchise
ment not legally warranted. Still he.
hesitates to appoint Boyle, much as he
would. like to, fearing complications ofr
a serious nature.
Boyle also thinks the provision Is
unconstitutional and ascertained on
inquiry that the charter" framers al
lowed it to slip through in the hurry
incident to the preparation of the or
ganic law. Boyle assured the Mayor
yesterday that, he is willing to take
chances of some one initiating proceed
ing to have the matter settled by the
courts by protesting against the pay
ment of his salary, but he is of the.
opinion that no one would .take the
trouble to do so. It is quit* within th*»
range of probability that Mayor
Schmitz will take the bull by. the
horns and that Boyle's name will ap
pear as the new Commissioner of Pub
lic Works on the list of appointments
on the various boards, which the
Mayor has promised to announce late
this afternoon. Jeremiah Dineen, a
contractor, may get -the plum if Boyle
is jiot named.
Mayor Schmitz is «in a quandary be
tween his desire on the - one hand
to appoint Election Commissioner
Thomas F. Boyle as a member of the
Board of Public Works to succeed
Marsden Manson, whose term expires
to-morrow, and the charter provision
on the other prescribing: that "No
member of thef Board of Election
Commissioners shall during his term of
office be eligible to any other municipal
office during the term for ' which he
shall have been appointed or for one
year thereafter."
GOVERNMENT GATHERS
EXPORT STATISTICS
The Founder of Woodcraft Is
Given a Silver Loving Cup
by Appreciative Neighbors
WELCOMED BY THOUSANDS
VALIDITY IS QUESTIONED
His Honor Will Announce List
of Appointments Upon the
• Various Boards To-Morrow
Northern Points ShoAvn by
First Official , Report to Be
Taking Trade of Alaska and
Philippines From This Port
Wants to Appoint Election Com
missioner Boyle on Board of
Works, but Charter Intervenes
F. AT Falkenburg of the
Woodmen of the World Is
Greeted by California Camp
SEA TRADE
CAPTURED
BY SOUND
HEAD CONSUL
IS HONORED
MAYOR SCHMITZ
IN A QUANDARY
14
HALE'S. - I HALE'S.
A\ ]K\ Buy now if you' are going to )X\. "flt\.
<U n \ * You will pay less and you wit I li)>|\
u^TTMMfc have more to choose from than if jrtfr > a *\\
"^^fj^**^*^^ Some lines have been closed i^NiJUwQ
. out. That will allow us to
show up other styles that have w MlS>
been waiting for room. The advantages to-day are as important
as they were Monday.
Corset Covers — 15c, 21 c, 2qc< sgc, 68c, 88c.
Gowns start now at 47c; then 67c 78c, 87c and on up. x z zzz
The Drawers— Still a few at 18c. Enough for all at 2jc, 2gc. .iqc, 67c, 87c.
The Chemises— 59c, 79c, and quite a few of those 75c skirt chemises
at 39c.
Skirts — No more 47c ones unless you come early, and only a few dollar
ones at 67c. Three styles left at 87c. Still 2 or .1 tables full of Sr.so
"skirts at 95c; $2.00 ones at $1.25; $2.25 ones at $1.38; $2. 50 ones at
$1.47; $2.75 ones at $1.97- The skirts are holding out fine.
Fabric Gloves 25c Cor / et /notation
and For San Francisco Women to
___ . i*«,,, '*%m - meet Miss McCaulcv. Cor-
Woolen rlittens 25c seticre.
I T , - , . . She knows how to get comfort
rviOW, when fabric gloves arc out of the corset — and especially
in <:iirVi H<»manr1 rnmp triple re- lleT I-adyship Corsets. She Is glv-
in sucn qemana, come inese re lnff frpft corset nttings to demon-
illforcementS, and all Of them tO strate tho fact. The corset salon.
,. second floor.
sell at 25c. a -_-« ra __o-____--_ M _»_.
it's an opportunity. Writing Paper
Don t let it slip. and a * box H
T^. ta dV > wSr.S'!IS U ta #t 5SSt'll5Si Twon ews tyles in 5ince Christ-
blacks and whites. »^ to 7^; tans and mas. If you want pretty paper and
modes. 5H to 6'> 25c. don't want to pay much for it you
Black woolen and cashmere mittens, all should see them.
sizes. 25c. jj^ ,„ B#r || n - 9 rrench T^awn Cloth
Misses' woolen mittens, red. blue. gray, black Finished paper and envelopes. 24 o£
or brown: sizes from 3 years to 15 years; ea^h.
«5 C 25o bcx is Berlin s Bond, light-weigh*
paper. 50 sheets and 50 envelopes.
Misses' Fleece lined cashmere floves: blues, hln<> or white.
browns and reds; sizes 2 to 7; 25c. Tablets, 10c.- They beat anything: «f
— mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm. Hi" kind We've SCOn. We Call thCtTl
"special." They are when you se© th*
"Pntii\ T art Farewell" l8c quality of paper in them and th*
.taiUS J^OSl rarctieil, IOC amount or it. 3 sizes: note, packet
_, . ' .. ... and letter.
She sings in the city to-niRht. „ ,
We have her "Last Farewell." ~jffl «
by Charles K. Harris. loo Qg&^^ 2§|i
ADVEETISEMENTS.
39 Stockton Street.
TELEPHONE — MAX2T 5523.
This wf«k w* rr»!"^nt an unusually at-
tractive Rat cf desirable articles, all at
rock hotttjm flrur»s; quality Is always
Huaranteed or mon^y cheerfully r?funi*d.
Thursday, Friday and Saturday Specials.
CREAMERY BUTTER, par square. .40c
R?B. 45c; fresh and sweet.
RANCH EGGS, per dozen tV/ 2 c
Th» very best.
ENGLISH WALNUTS, 2 lbs for... 25c
New crop, undersized but tweet and
meaty.
Basket Fired Japan Tea, Ib 40c, 2 lbs 75c
Keff. 50c lb. A bargain for tea lor«T3.
ARCHER CORN STARCH, 4 pkgs for 25c
V.fg. 10c pkg. The popular Liberty brand.
IDEAL TOMATO CATSUP, per bot... I5c
H*g. 2Oc: equal to Snyd»r"s, Helm's or
. 'Clue Labe'. Non» better.
CHEESE, Full Cream, per lb..... 15c
,Keg. 2Cc; a coed, rich Oregron ch«es».
WELCH'S MAPLE SUGAR, l-lb bricks 15c
Re*. COc; not hlnff . better In th« market.
CALIFORNIA PRUNES, per Ib ..... 5c
Keg. 7«i; good tit*, excellent quality.
ARMOUR'S WHITE LABEL LARD—
3, ." and Irt lb tins. Special pries SHe>.
«Oe. f 1.13. R-g. price 43c. 70c. $1.33.
CANNED ASPARAGUS, per can... 20c
Reg. 23c. S. & "W. or IIIckmott"«»
NAVEL ORANGES, per dozen..... 30c
¦neg; 33c. v : ' : ~-.
Family Bourbon, per bot 60c, gal $2.50
1>S. "5c. $3.00; a rood liquor at a popn-
lar price.
Paul Jones Rye or Bourbon, per bot 90c
MCALLISTER'S SCOTCH, per bot.. 90c
n?g. $1.2T>. A Hot Scotch for a season-
able drink.
PALM 6IN, in sqtrare pint bots. . .40c
Reg. 65c; frcm Schiedam, Holland.
RIESLIN6. per gal 40c
Reg. 50c: a light rtfreshlnr tab!# wine.
City and Country Order* So!!dte«.
Country orders shipped free within one
hundred nilles.
WAR
RISKS
AT-
Lowest Rates
FIREMAN'S FUND
INSURANCE COMPANY
WEEKLY CALL, §1.00 PEB YEAS,
hi
Kean j aid Sntter Sts. O^s^^^
Our Semi- Annual Sale of
Ladies' Muslin Underwear
(Third Floor Kearmy Street)
The sale still continues and we offer to-day the same kind
of values that has brought crowds to this department since
Monday. We did a big business and are only too glad to
repeat' the values. Do not delay, if you are interested —
for here are genuine bargains, if ever there were bargains in
Undermuslins.
NIGHT GOWNS... 45c, 60c, 75c, 85c up to $4.25
CORSET COVERS. 20c, 25c, 35c, 55c up to $2.35
DRAWERS 25c, 40c, 50c, 65cupto*2.45
CHEMISES ...45c, 65c, 85c, 95c up to $3.35
SKIRTS 90c, $1.00, $1.15, $1.35 up to $5.50
35c Tinted Center Pieces
<¦* • 1 r»i 1 . j I XtsT .*•% /Second Floor\
on Special Sale to-day at X^C VKem« y st. ;
Over 20 of the very choicest designs are in this offering,
including the Poppy, Poinsetta, Marguerite, Wild Rose, Con-
ventional, etc. They are 27 inches square and beautifully
tinted on Art Ticking and Granite Cloth, also some on Duck
— all ready to be embroidered — Center Pieces that make the
prettiest of table decorations — sold regularly at 35c iCn
each — our special sale price while they last IOC
Continuation of the Sale of (iEt^E)
Changeable Taffeta Silks
Regular $1.OO SilKs
At O5C P« r yard
Exceptional Values To-day in
Silk Velvets and Velveteens
(First Floor Kearny Street)
19-inch Colored Silk Velvets, mir- 22-inch Velveteens, with black
rered or plain, in brown, tan, ground and neatest of colored
garnet, green, ofive, etc.— beau- polka dots," some printed, others
tiful, lustrous silk velvets of embroidered— a quality that sells
extra heavy weight, real everywhere at $1.25 a 0i nn
value li. 25 yd. — saleprke (jC J yard— our price «pl«UU
Sale of Tooth Brushes cwjsd
To-day we place on sale a large lot of Imported Tooth
Brushes, that are well made with fine, pure bristles — brushes
that could not be sold, if bought in the regular way, « r
for less than 30c and 35c each — sale price to-day only I OC
Towels at a Saving (i^^o
Here are some particularly good values in Towels. They
are all underprice and present a good opportunity for the
thrifty housekeeper.
At $1.20 DOZEN-Bleached Cot- At $1.90 DOZEN-Bleached
ton Huckaback Towels, ready for Huckaback Towels, all pure
use—size 19x37— worth $1.50. Hnen— size 21x42, sold regularly
at 92.40.
At $1.50 DOZEN-Bleached Cot- At $3.00 DOZEN-Fine Bleached
ton Huckaback Towels— 22x42— Huckaback Towels, all pure
could not be sold under $2.00 if linen', with fancy border— size
we bought them to-day. 22x42 — worth $4.00. •
Knitted Woolen Skirts/ 75c
(Third Floor Keirny St.)
Another big value to-day in Ladies' Imported Knitted
Underskirts. These are made of wool in the. prettiest of
colors, such as Red, Navy, Pink, White, Light Blue and
Black— nothing like them in quality ever offered at <ir
anywhere near the price— your choice to-day at /DC
''^^ L ADVERTISEMENTS.
/iviAGNIN'S ANNIALV
/ CLEARANCE SALE \
/ OF IMDERMISLIMS \
I This annual event of ever increasing
importance .is of utmost interest to all
women.
Thousands have attended since the
opening day. The discriminating public
realize the exceptionally good quality of
our garments as well as the extremely
low prices and have purchased quantities
and'quantities of our reliable merchandise.
No matter how choice the style, how fine
the quality — all broken lines" are. marked
for immediate reduction. I
We assure the public prompt service I
and an arrangement of stock that will I
1- make selection easy. I
Y Prices arc positively less than the actual cost m
\ of manufacture. Do not fail to attend to-day. M
\^ 9/6-322 /W*?K£7 £T \S