VOLUME XCV—NO. 57.
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY. JANUARY .26, .1904.
T T0NGK0NG,Jan. 25. — The Call correspondent has been informed by a high Chinese of
•*• ¦*- fixer that an arrangement has been made betzveen China and Jdpan in Peking, in accord
ance ivith zvhich China is raising 20*0,000 ivell-cquipped troops to place at Japan's disposal.
The troops are 'being raised in different provinces, each province guaranteeing equipment, pay
and supplies. Southern Chinese are highly indignant over the Russian occupation of Mukden,
zvhish they regard as a sacrilege.
Rebels In Uruguay Defeated.
MONTEVIDEO, Uruguay, Jan. 25.
Th*i Government troops have again
defeated the insurgents commanded
toy General Sarava.
ANNAPOLIS, Jan. 25.— The sixth
day's balloting for United States Sen
ator by the Maryland Legislature was
without result.
«
"No Election" for Senators.
ROME, Jan. 25.— The studio here of
Elihu .Vedder.the American artist, has
been entered and ransacked by thieves,
who stole, among other things, two of
Vedder's pictures. Vedder's lowest es
timate of bis loss is $3000-
American's Studio Robbed.
ST. LOUIS, Jan. 25.— The . regular
quarterly meeting of the Transconti
nental Passenger Association was held
in the city to-day. The association de
cided to hold the next quarterly meet-
Ing at Santa Barbara. Cal. Rates from
the Pacific coast to the World's Fair
will probably not be decided upon
until near the conclusion of the week's
meeting.
Will Meet at Santa Barbara.
:ERLi:>. Jan. 2."..— A captain of
Uhlans named Hupfeld has been sen
tenced at Dresden to six months' Im
prisonment in a fortress for having
fought a. due] with pistols with Baron
von .jmpdets. The duel arose from a
matrimonial scandal in which Captain
Hupfeld was adjudged the guilty party.
Duelist Is Imprisoned
AleVdefTs Illness Is Serious.
LONDON. Jan. 26. — The Chcfu
correspondent of the Dally Mail says
that Viceroy AlexieXs illness is graver
than has been supposed and that hla
Continued on Page 2, Column 5.
Japanese Have Xot Landed in Korea.
SEOUL, Jan. 28. — The report of the
landing of a Japanese army, at Mas
ampho has been found to be untrue.
BERLIN, Jan. 25. — As the German
Government understands the present
situation, the feeling is such in Tokio
that Japan will declare war unless
Russia answers her demands favor
ably. Russia recognizes this and ac
cordingly intends to accept enough of
Japan's points to make the Tokio
Cabinet feel that a sufficient cause for
war no longer exists, and. while the
forthcoming note will not fully satisfy
Japan, it will prevent the serious pos
sibility of a declaration of war.
Russia's Scheme to Avert War.
mer President Grover Cleveland,
when asked to-night for his opinion
of William J. Bryan's statement that
no man who voted the Palmer-Buck
ncr ticket can be nominated by the
Democrats, smiled and said:
"I have not a. word to say on the
matter except that Bryan has got 'the
stage. Let him go it. I guess that's
definite enough."
Former President Scoffs at Xebras
kan's Rcinarks""Abont Candidates
Who Voted Gold Ticket.
PRIN'CKTON, N. J.. Jan. 25. — For-
BUYAX DOING STAGE
PLAY, THINKS CLEVELAND
BERLIN. Jan. 25. — Isadora Dun
can. th«» California, dancer, begran h<*r
season at the Thalia Theater here to
right, appearing before an aristocrat
ic audieme, ¦who applauded her with
fxtra ordinary vigor. She was recalled
neven times." At the close of the j>er
formame Miss Duncan made, a speech
in whi.h Hh« rplat»d her experiences
during he- ptay of five months in
Greece and referred to her future
projects for the development of the
art of dancing.
Plaudits for California Dancer.
WILKESBARRE. Pa., Jan. 25.— There
was little relief from , the flood at
Bloomsburg, Catawissa and Espy to
night. The water had fallen thirty
Inches this morning, but remained sta
tionary all day. The cold weather had
added to 'the "discomfort and all the
Hooded towns are enveloped in a sheet
of ice two or three Inches-thick.
• The ice is still gorged in the river
from Catawissa to Creasy, fifteen miles,
and there Is much suffering.
At Espy one-half the houses are un
inhabitable. The hotels and residences
nt Bloomsburg and Berwick have been
thrown open to the homeless. The
Pennsylvania Railroad's Sunbury divi
sion is under six feet of water J from
Catawissa to South Danville, and the
Bloomsburg division is out of service
between Bloomsburg and Danville. Ice
ten feet high is piled on the tracks of
the latter road. -
The damage Is estimated at $2,000,000.
Two Million Dollars Loss In the Vicin
ity of Wllkcsnarre.
FLOOD'S HEAVY, DAMAGE.
It appears. that one of the most dif
ficult features is the mutual distrust
and hatred which have grown up be
tween the parties. It is said that
every statement of the present ex
changes develops Japan's suspicion of
Russia's good faith and Russia's an
tipathy to Japan. Owing to this bit
terness, diplomatic efforts to secure, a
middle" ground are proving unusually
difficult.
! ' It is. understood that .Is now
seeking.to obtain the neutralization of
the strait- of Korea. The • Russian
view,? as made known here, is that
Japan's fortification of Masampho arid
Fusan constitutes a menace, to the
world's commerce, since it gives Japan
control over_ the narrow, strait. It is
pointed' out," in support of this view.
PARIS, Janfio. — Considerable ten
sion is observable in Governmental
quarters concerning the^Russo-Japan
ese situation. This is due principally
to the fact that the efforts toward a
pacific adjustment have not made the
progress which the officials hoped and
expected. The general view of those
highest in authority is summed up in
the statement that negotiations have
now reached a point wlaere practically
no progress is belns made in any di
rection. Whether this means that Rus
sia's latest answer dqcs not make con
cessions which arc likely to bring
aboufa settlement it is impossible to
say, as the delicate stage of- the nego
tiations prompts the officials to with
hold precise details. The only state
ment is that the negotiations are.vir
tually at a standstill.
Strait of Korea.
Opposes Japanese Control . of the
RUSSIA RAISES XEW ISSUE.
Rich Australian Leaves an E«tatc Val
ued at Firieen Millions to
a Nun.
DES MOIN'ES. Iowa. Jan. 25.—Sis
ter Philomena. the Mother Superior of
Merry Hospital of L»c; Moines. is one
of fiv*> he«-s to an estate said to be
valued at $15,000,000. The cstnte is
thit of her uncle. John Mc-Cormick of
Melbourne. Australia, who died ten
ycaic ago.
MOTHER SUPERIOR IS
HKIR TO GREAT FORTUNE
In November General Ma was quot
ed as having said that, in the event of
war, he would join forces with those
of Japan.
"At the land office in the capital I
have been informed that the Argentine
Government does not know the com
pany and has made no arrangements
with them whatever." ¦
WASHINGTON, Jan. ,25.— The State
Department has received from Consul
Mayor at Buenos Ayres a report dated
December 13, 1903, as follows:
VI am informed that- there exists in
the city of Minneapolis a company,
with branch offices throughout the
United States; that they are issuing a
booklet called 'Homes for Our People In
Southern South America,' and that
they are spiling shares of $500 each,'
each shareholder being entitled to cer
tain lands and privileges in the Argen
tine republic.
Advertises Concession From Argentine
Government Which It Has Xot
Hern Granted.
COLONIZING COMPAXY
MAKES FALSE CLAIMS
ST. PETERSBURG, Jan. 23.— A
dispatch from Port Arthur says that
according to a Chinese native paper
General Ma with twenty regiments of
Chinese troops has proceeded from
Shanhaikwan, Chill province, to oc
cupy strategic points on the border of
that province.
Goes With Twenty Chinese. Regiments
.-, to Occupy Frontier Points.
GENERAL MA OX WARPATH.
LONDON. Jan. 2«.— Th- Daily News
this mominsr publishes a rumor that
further Cabinet resignations are im
minent. Baying th» offlcers to resign ar»
probably l^rd Lansdowre. Secretary of
Ftaie for Foreign Affair?: Lord Lonfion
detTT president of the Board of Kdu
csti^n. and Gerald T?alfour. president
of the" Board of Trade.
Balfonr May Rrlirc 1'roni
the Ministry.
rCKTII !•:»: RKSTCiN ATfOXS
I'ROM BRITISH CABINI^I
Lan«doxmr. I/ondondcrry ami <;eralil
SANTA CRUZ, Jan. 25. — Harry
Cimndler, aged 21 years, died at San
Jose as a result of the. shock he re
ceived Saturday afternoon near San
Mateo, when he saw the remains of a
man who had been run over and killed
by a train.
Chandler was taken ill in San Fran
cisco, but his illness was not of a seri
ous nature and he was on the way
home. After the man was killed the
train stopped and the remains were
taken to the side of the track and
wore In front of the window which
Chandler looked through. He fainted
find was taken to San Jose, but never
regained consciousness.
Chandler was formerly assistant city
electrician here. Recently he had been
employed by a power company at
Crockett, lie was a member of the
Red Men and Maccabees. He was of
a sensitive nature and never could
bear to see anything which caused
people to suffer.
Train Passeierte
a Dead Man and
Succumbs.
LONDON, Jan. 26.— A dispatch to the
Daily Mail from Warsaw says that ar
rangements have been _c oncluded for
calling out 86,000 more" reserves in
Khaikoff.. Kieff and' Odes districts,
if necessary.
The Tokio correspondent of the Daily
Telegraph has sent in the following
cablegram:
"The Official Gazette publishes an im
perial ordinance empowering. the Gov
ernment to assume control of all pri
vate railways, etc., ft military - pur
poses. The situation is very grave and
developments are. Hourly expected."
ST. PETERSBURG, Jan. 25.— The ex
change of communications between the
Foreign Office, the members of the
committee of the Frir i East." Viceroy
Alexieff and Baron de Rosen, the Rus
sian Minister, In /Tokio. is still going on.
There is no official indication of when
a conclusion will be reached, but a
diplomat who is~ close to such negotia
tions expresses the opinion that the
Russian reply will be ready this week.
An authoritative denial is given of
thM report that Russia ever contem
plated reciuesting the United Statrs to
explain the attitude attributed to the
United States. . .
The Korean Minister has received
advices that his Government will soon
open the port of Wiji, on the Yalu Riv
er, at the request of the United Stafes,
to, the commerce of the: world.
TOKIO. Jan.' 25.— The first meeting of
the. recently created Supreme Military
Council took place in the palace to-day.
Subsequently the Ministers had an au
dience with the Emperor, who exhorted
them to, co-operate In giving effect to
the' important financial programme
which had been drawn up to deal with
any contingency that might arise. j
The new Korean Cabinet is , friendly
to Japan-
It is said officially that the recent
press reports of disturbances In the
Chongehung province of Korea are ex
aggerated, but it is not denied that that
cotintry is far from tranquil.
•PEKING. Jan. 25.— The Chines" au
thorities have approached > the -Minis
ters • here of several powers with pro
posals directed toward attempting me
diation with Russia and Japan. China
is : exceedingly anxious r that war be
avoided. ¦ - ..
- The Amerieani'Government . is ar
ranging to. dispatch the senior student
interpreters- here to Mukden, Port
Dalny and Antung to act as American
vice consuls. . . '., .. ......
A -small detachment of Russian cav
alry has passed- through Kaopahgtsu
on their way to Ichou. This region was
retroceded to China long ago.
Advices received here from- Port" Ar-
The demoralization of the passenger
and freight traffic on the Manchurian
Railway continues in consequence of
the military activity and there is a
great blockade of freight at Port
Dalny.
PORT ARTHUR, Jan. 25. — The
highest officials here repudiate the
published accusations of Russian hos
tility to the United States because of
its Manchurian policy and the appoint
ment of American Consuls under the
new treaty with China.
It is officially asserted that no large
reinforcement of the Eastern forces
is expected at present. The military
authorities, however, add that other
.wise arrangements are making for a
large supply of ponies from the pro
vince of Chili for the Cossacks and
mounted infaritry-
ments Froni Port Arthur.
Russian Officials Repudiate Misstate-
NOT HOSTILE TO AMERICA.
that Japan already has a strongly for
tified island (Tsushima) in the mid
dle of the strait and that this is dis
tant fifty miles from • Masampho and
Fusan, so that the fortification of the
hitter point will ¦ constitute another
Gibraltar. The strait of Korea is
Haimcri to be u vital outlet for the
commerce of Northwest Chirm and it
is therefore asserted that it would be
in the interest of Europe and America
to obtain the neutralization of the
strait.
thur are. to. the effect that. a battalion
of Russian troops is moving from that
point toward the Korean frontier.
Blamed by Coroner's
Jury for Iroquois
Disaster.
The cause of the fire was urapery
coming in contact with an arc light.
City laws were not complied with in
f.>e construction and operation of the
theater.
In relation to Mayor Harrison, the
verdict reads as follows:
"We hold Carter H. x Harrison. Mayor
of the city of Chicago, responsible, as
he has shown a lamentable lack of
force, and for efforts to escape respon
sibility, evidenced by the testimony.
Building Commission*.- Williams and
Fire Marshal Musham, as heads of de
partments under said Carter H. Harri
son, following his weak course, have
given Chicago inefficient service,
which makes such calamities as the
Iroquois Theater horror a menace until
the public service Is purged .f Incom
petence."
Late in the night, af '.er the members
of the jury had departed, it was decid
ed b; r Coroner Traeger that it would
not be necessary to arrest Mayor Har
rison. Fire Marshal Musham and
Building Commissioner Williams to
night and no officers were sent for
them. All three of them will be at
their offices In the City Hall to-morrow
morning and will then be given a
chance. to offer bonds for their appear
ance when wanted.
CHICAGO, Jan. 25. — The Coroner's
jury, which for three weeks has be>.n
listening to evidence relating to the
fire in the Iroqubis Theater, to-night
returned a verdict by which tl.e fol
lowing persons are held to await the
action of the Grand Jury: Carter H.
Harrison. Mayor of Chicago; William
H. Musham, fire marshal; Will J. Da
vij, proprietor in part and mar.ager of
the theater; L. George Williams,
Building Commissioner of the city;
Edward Laughlin, building inspector
under Williams; William Sailers, fire
man in the theater; James E. Cum
mingd,«stagc carpenter; William Mul
len, ho had charge of th> lights that
caused the fire.
Japan to Take Over for Military Purposes All Private
Tlailways in the Empire.
GENERAL MA, THE . CHINESE COMMANDER AND FOE OF RUSSIA. WHO IS LEADING TTVENTT REGI
MENTS TO OCCUPY STRATEGIC POINTS ON THE FRONTIER OF CHILI PROVINCE. AND SCENES IN
. THE DISTURBED CAPITAL OF THE KOREAN EMPIRE.
CHICAGO'S
MAYOR HOW
UNDER FIRE
YOUTH DIES
AFTER VIEW
OF HORROR
There was only one dissenting vote
in committee and that was cast by
Underwood of Alabama. T\nderwood
reserved the right to oppose the mile
age appropriation in the House. This
lie Trill do, and if the bill pass he will
refuse to accept the amount due him.
The contention of the majority of
the Committee on Appropriations is
tfiat Senators and Representatives are
entitled to two allowances for mileage
because Congress was called in- extra
session in November, while the pres
ent is the regular annual session pro
vided by the constitution. Those who
oppose the scheme take the ground
that it is a clean "grab," which Con-
KTess can. but should not. vote itself.
This is argued on the ground that the
extra session merged into the regular
session: that In reality there is only
one session and that the mileage al
lowance provided by law did not con
template any such proceeding as now
proposed.
Whether there was a "constructive
recess" or not has little moral bearing
on th*» rase, as it was infinitesimal in
the matter of time and it was not pos
sible for any member of Congress to
fro to his home and return again. As
mileage allowance is mr.de to cover
the exp-nse of coming to and going
from Congress it is held that the extra
miWg* proposed is entirely contrary
to the intention? of the law.
At the beginning of tne «*xtraordi
xiarv passion in November a joint reso
lution was adorned making the annual
mileage allowance for tl-.p regular ses
sion available nt that time. Those
xrho are urging the present "grab" ar
#ru<? that if anr wrong was done it was
In the passage of that resolution and
that the mileage for the regulnr ses
sion must be provided for now. as
otherwise every member of Congress
voti!<1 have a claim against the Gov
ernment.
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET.
JC. W.. WASHINGTON. Jan. 25.—
Whether Congress will vote itself an
extra mileage "grab" is a question that
vrill eoon be settled, for an appropria
tion of 5145.000 for this purpose has
been inserted in the House Committee
on Appropriations in the urgent de
ficiency bill, which will come up to
morrow.
Sp*ei»J IKspatch to The Call
Nov.- Bailey charges that Coe caused
to be drawn and signed a false affidavit
in which a notorious woman whom he
had never met confessed to having
held unlawful relations with Bailey.
That affidavit, which. Bailey asserts,
was shown to his wife, turning her af
fections from him, is the basis for his
suit for damages.
Charles W. Bailey Is vice president
and treasurer of the Bailey, Banks &
Riddle Company, prominent Jewelry
merchants of • Philadelphia. He
is a man of large fortune and
has been well known in eo
ctcty in Philadelphia and New York.
He and Coe, though now bitter enemies,
were for years chums. What brought
about the present enmity is known to
few besides themselves. Tt closely fol
lowed the marriage o£ Bailey to Coe's
sister. • • /
This is the third suit brought, by
Bailey against Coe, the previous two,
based upon the same conditions that
the complainant now alleges as the
cause of action, having been discon
tinued upon the discovery of new evi
dence. The present suit was begun on
January 13. and Coe, having been ad
vised of the action, was expecting ar
rest.
Coe was arrested at his office on
Front street this afternoon by Deputy
Sheriff Walgering, who took him to the
Sheriff's office, where he was detained
an hour while his bond was being ar
ranged. Judge Gildersleeye. in the Su- (
preme Court, issued^th^ order for the
arrest and set Ihe. aro&uni.<>f..«;oe'B bond
at $23,000. • ¦¦¦Ani«ttenS0t i .*-»3» "*made llo
bring about the arrest of Coe late in
the afternoon or in the evening, which
would have -made" it 'necessary for him
to spend one night in the Ludlow street
jail.
NEW YORK. Jan. 25.— With the ar
rest of E. Ilolloway Coe in a civil ac
tion brought by his brother-in-law,
Charles W. Bailey, who demands dam
ages in the sum of $100,000, alleging
defamation of character and alienation
of the affections of his wife, there comes
to public notice a remarkable case of
love and intrigue, touched with trag
edy. The case also recalls a romance
of the Adirondacks which caused a sen
sation a little more than three years
ago.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
As soon as the rumble of the explo
sion and the crash at the pit mouth
startled the little village the wives and
PITTSBURG. Jan. 26.— Between ISO
and 190 men are lying dead in the
headings and passageways of the Har
wick mine of the Allegheny Coal Com
pany at Cheswick as the result of a
terrific explosion yesterday morning.
Cage after cage has gone down into
the mine and come up again, but only
one miner of all those that went to
work in the morning has been brought
to ths surface. The rescued man is
Adolph Gunia, and he is still in a semi
conscious condition at the temporary
hospital at the rude schoolhouse on the
hillside above the mine.
In addition to the miners who were
at work when the explosion occurred,
Selwyn M. Taylor, the Pittsburg min
ing engineer, who platted the mine and
who was the first rescuer to reach the
bottom after the explosion, is also
among the dead. At 2:25 o'clock this
morning his body was brought to the
surface. He evidently had been dead
several hours.
ATTEMPTS AT RESCUE FAIL.
The explosion occurred at 6:20
o'clock yesterday morning. The first,
warning was the sudden rumble un
der ground and then a sheet of flame
followed up the deep shaft. Both
mine cages were blown through the
tipple twenty feet above the landing
stage, and the three men on the tipple
were hurled to the ground. The in
jured men were brought at once to
this city, where two of them died
later.
"I was with Taylor and we clambered
over three or four falls. Taylor had
laid out, the mine-and. seemed to know
the way. There was one man alive at
the foot of the shaft. lie was sent up
and then we took the mule path into
the south level. We saw two men who
were alive and notiGcd those back of
us and then went on. We passed the
third, fourth and fifth heading and
then through an overdrift into the air
shaft. I began to feel dizzy and sick
and then I saw Taylor stagger and fall.
His lantern fell. We tried to lift him
up, but could not carry him and I made
my own way to safety."
Thomas Wood, one of the first of the
rescue party hauled to the surface,
said:
Shortly after 5 o'clock Selwyn M.
Taylor and one of his assistants sig
naled for the engineer to lower them
into the shaft. Taylor never returned.
Three times efforts were made to reach
him, but not until early this morning
was his body recovered.
children of the men below rushed to
the scene of the disaster. There was
no way to get into the deep workings.
The cases that let. the men into the
mines and brought them up again
when the day's work was done were
demolished. All day Ions there- was a
jam of waiting women and children
about the mouth of the pit. There
were calls for assistance and for sur
gical aid from the men in charge of
the mine, but it was not until 4 o'clock
in the afternoon that the first attempt
at rescue was made. This was a fail
ure, as the two men who volunteered
were driven "back by the foul air.
BRAVE TAYLORS SACRIFICE.
Says His Wife's Affections Were
Turned From Him by Mean3 of
a False Affidavit.
Lawmakers Want Traveling Expense
Fond for Two Sessions, Although
Both Merged Into One.
Workmen Entombed by Explosion
Succumb to Noxious Gases.
Brother -in - Law Accuses
Him of the Wrecking
of a Home.
WarrantSeMUpon
New York,
National Treasury May Be
Mulcted to tine Extent
of $145,000.
Congress Likely to
Vote for Extra
Mileage.
TJITTSBURG, Jan. 26, 3 :i 5 a. m.—Dr. W. B. McCullpugh
-*• of Cheszvick, zvho has been in the Harivick mine for tzco
hours and has just come to the surface, says that in his opin
ion not one of the miners in the shaft at the time of the explo
sion is alive. The rescuers arc being brought out coated ivith
ice, drenched to the skin and unable to walk. They report that
dead arc scattered one above another as thick as pine needles.
Water is fast pouring into the mine, covering the corpses with
a shroud of ice and making the work of rescue almost impos
sible. Afterdamp is collecting in quantities. The dead number
at least 180.
RICH MEN'S
FEUD LEADS
TO ARREST
TWO HUMORED MEN
LIE DEAD IN DRIFTS
OF WRECKED MINE
HOUSE BILL
WILL CARRY
THE "GRAB"
CHINA IS RAISING AM ENORMOUS ARMY TO ASSIST JAPAN;
RUSSIA WILL CALL OUT EIGHTY=SIX THOUSAND RESERVES
Forecast mid* at San rraa
clsco for 30 hours ending mid
nljrlit. January 26. 1904:
San Praaclaco sad Victnlty—
Pair Tuesday; Utrbt northerly
wind.
x o. a. wiLx.so.sr,
Local Forecaster (temporarily
In charge).
TEE "WEATHER..
Alcazar— Ti» VUm*uet*Ata*r
Calif oral*— Tie Eternal City."
Central— >"Qbo Vadia."
CStctcs— ?aaderXO*.
—^a Ch±aee» Soacy
210031***
nschex'9 — THe Bcastx SHop."
(jnad— "David Barnsu"
Orpluraia — Vanderllle.
Tiroll — "When Johnny Come*
tSB TXZATZS8.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
The San Francisco Call.TOKIO, Jan., 25. — Takashima, the
Japanese interpreter for the Russian
attache, was arrested on Saturday last
on suspicion that he has been acting
as spy in the Yokosuka fortified zone.
He has been taken to Yokohama for
trial. It is alleged that conclusive
evidence has been obtained regarding
other suspects, which is causing a very
strong 1 feeling against such treachery,
which is a capital offense In Japan.
Japanese Accused of Treachery.
The various unions of engineers of
the city have taken steps to have a
uniform law passed by the Legislature
to be known as the United Engineers'
license law. The following committees
was elected yesterday to perfect ' the
arrangements: *' ; .'j^;C^
Finance— C. P. Dodse, L. H. Horlgbaum',
Charles Dick, J. L. Stewart and A. H. Ewell;
by-laws, . H. B. Lister. Daniel O'Brien, G. B.
Davidson. Thomas P. Jarvls and W. H. Blow
ers; literature, J. S. Barnes, H. D. Bavllle,
J. P. Nelsen ami T. H. Macdonald. Local
organization*: San Francisco No. 1, .National
Association Ktutionary Engineers — L. h. Horlfr
baum. G. 13. Davidson. J. S. Barnes, ' J. G.
Gardner and I. O. Croascup. California No.- 3
— H. D. Savllle. T. P. JarvlB, J. W. Carter
Charles Dick and William Griffln. Interna
tional Union Stearnfltters No. 64 — C. P. Dodge,
A. H. Ewell. Clark Bradford, J. P. Neleon
and D. J. O'Brien. International Union No.
R9— J. S. Stewjirt. W. H. Reynolds, H. Raw
lings. P. D. Harthom and H. B. Lister. , Un
attached—T. H. 'Macdonald. W. H. Blowers
and G. H. Churchman. . .•
The members of the Pavers' Union
are wrought up over the recent action
of the United Railroads in discharg
ing a number of its members. They
claim that the corporation cut the
wages of the pavers from $3 50 to
$2 50 a day. »
There is war on between two factions
representing the painters, decorators
and paperhangers. The opposing bod
ies in the union each elected officers a
short time ago and now each faction is
claiming recognition from the Building
Trades Council. It is probable that
the council will interfere and order a
new election.
PAINTERS, DECORATORS AND
PAPERHANGERS ARE AT WAR
• Death of Noted Athlete.
'BOSTON, Jan. 25.—fJ. Frank 'Quin
tan, "thej.noted Marattibn runner, who
helped defeat the Greeks at the first
Marathon meet in Athens, 1898, is
dsad at his home in Jamaica Plain
from -blood. poisoning brought on by
an- unsuccessful operation for quinsy.
Quintan was graduated from Ford Ham
College, Harvard Law School and Bos
ton'University and had been admitted
to 'the Boston bar; ,
3Iajor Hoyt Sherman Dead.
DES MOIN.ES. la.; Jan • 25.— Major
Hoyt Sherman, brotheH-'of General
William T. Sherman and -of Secretary
John Sherman, died at his home here
to-day. He had been in poor health
for-several years."' ¦:
WASHINGTON. Jan. 25. — Count
Cassini, the Russian Embassador, had
a long talk to-day with Acting Secre
tary of State Loomls on the Far East
ern situation. The question which
received most attention was the un
contradicted statements which have
appeared in certain newspapers re
garding the attitude of this Govern
ment. The Russian Government' - of
course, could. not presume to Question
the previous assurances received from
this country regarding its neutrality
because of any newspaper publication,
but the recurrence of these statements
has proved annoying.
There Is no expectation on the part
of this Government of any hitch in
the reception of our Consuls in Man
churia. The evidence of approval of
the commercial treaty which Russia
has given convinces the State Depart
ment that the Consuls will receive
every courtesy.
Russia Will Accord Courtesies to Our
Representatives in Manchurin.
AMERICAN CONSULS WELCOME.
Coafes Kinney, the Poet, Dies.
CINCINNATI. Jan. 25. — Coates Kin
ney. the author and poet, died of the
grip at the Presbyterian Hospital here
to-night, aged "6 years.
BAKERSFIELD, Jan. 25. — H. P.
Bender, secretary of the Kern Oil
Company and proprietor of the largest
mercantile firm in Kern Counfcv and
for twenty-five years a resident of Ba
korsfield and well known throughout
the State, died at his residence in this
city last evening of typhoid fever. He
was a native of New York and 4 4 years
of age. He leaves a wife and six chil
dren.
Pioneer' of BakersficUl Dead.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 23.— M. Bunau-
Varilla, Minister of Panama, has of
ficially advised the Washington and
Panama governments that through his
attorney he has demanded from the
New York Evening Post a retraction
and an apology for a statement which
it printed regarding his connection
with the Panama canal and the revolu
tion on the" Isthmus. The Minister an
nounces that if a satisfactory reply is
not forthcoming within a reasonable
time he jvill begin suit.
Varilla Threatens libel Suit.
Pauper Aliens Arouse British,
LONDON'. Jan. 25. — Lord Onslow,
pre*idpnt of the Board of Agriculture,
ppeakins at Chamberwell to-night, an
nounced that the Government .would
introduce a bill before Parliament at
the earliest possible ' moment dealing
wijh pauper immigration. It is under
stood this bill is to. toe of modest scope,
aiming chiefly v at the exclusion of
criminal aliens. ¦ .
Stop at Paso Itoblcs.
Firrt-clats tickets between San Francisco
and Los Angeles, either ' direction. Including
Ftoji cf two days' •entertainment at famous
l'aj<oIicbl<-» Hot Springs ilotel^ only $21- chtl
drer». fU 50. Privilege of thirty days' stop
©v?r. Ben of fare and t-enice at hotel. Cura
tlvo mud <r hot water baths; fine driveg- in
vigorating mountain air; .warm sunshine. Just
the place to r<>st. Full information of Southern
Pacific ticket scrntr. .; . ;• ¦ •
OCEAX STEAMEBS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Jan. 2n — Stmr Pax
onsa. . from J.Jvprooc! and Ouecnstonn; tstmr
Zf-eland. from Antwerp.
I Late Shipping IntelH^cnceJ
If a fatted calf was killed-for prodigal
eons these days there would be some
thing cf a noorrr in thr veal market.
Building Contracts.
Ignstz Ptelnhart (owner) with Isaac Penny
.(comrar-tor), architect Hermann Barth — Altera
-«lonB- to store front and plumbing, etc., in %
thr*>»-Ftpry brick hulldinK en the NVv' corner
of M<ntg:pniery and Commercial street*. 25 by
CO; $Uk». -'.
Max AniJrchc'J (owner) with Gardner & Mor
tis <ei.ntractorf> x architect Jules Godart — AH
work lor. a two-story frame bulMInc on the
NT line -of Eighth avenue South, 75 NW of
M street, XW A7-.V by N12 10O, lots 37 and 38,
blotk lay. Central. Park Homestead; $3500.
Ortrudc A. Dunn (owner) with Alfred L*-
Kault (contraMor), architect J. F. Dunn— Ali
work, except shades, gas fixtures and orna
mental planter.' for a three-story and basement
frame builcinir on the S line of Haight street.
DS E of Cole. E 25 by S 100. Western Addition
6SO; S9500. ¦ •
AlTred L»rault (contractor), architect J. F.
Dunn— a» work, except plumbing and gas fit
ting; for a two-story and baptment frame build
ing en t>-.e >.* Jin'* at O .¦•>• ftreet, ?as p: k „£
Fir« «venue, 2!k55i ?>y i2~ SM: $.'iCr.O.
• PhillS' I>. hiM' Martha E. Nicholson (o»vner*)
with Gilbert Findlay (contractor and archi
tect)—All work for a flve-icom course on the
E line of Twenty-sixth avenue, 3i:0 S of Cle
ment street. JC £5 by K ICO; $10sr».
This week -25 per cent reduction on
every heater in stock. San Francisco Gas
and Electric Comparty. 415 Post street •
Jt is a poor star that won't shine
without calcium light.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 25.— Julius H.
Ruger, a former prominent attorney
and a pioneer of California, was found
dead in his home in' East San Jose
this morning. He lived alone and
was found dead in bed by his daugh
ter, who called to visit him. He was
last seen alive Saturday. He was a
member of a prominent and dis
tinguished New York family. His
father was a noted lawyer of New
York City, and his brother, the late
William C. Ruger, was for many years
Chief Justice of the New York Court
of: Appeals. Huger .was a native of
New York and 70 years of age. His
wife died a few years ago.
Ruger had not practiced law for
many years, but in early days was well
known throughout the State. A
daughter, Miss Jennie Ruger, survives
him. An inquest showed that death
resulted from natural causes. .
THE? DAY'S DEAD.
CHICAGO, Jan. 25.— Hearing of the
cases of Frank and John Jager, offi
cers cf the Model Gold Mining Com
pany and formerly connected with the
Jager Oil Company, who are charged
by Government officers with misrepre
senting their properties In advertising
matter sent through the mails, took
place before United States Commission
er Foote to-day. More than $300,000 is
Involved in the case, according to Post
office Inspector Ketcham, In eharjre of
the case.
James J. Hardln, former superintend
ent of the Jager Oil Company, and John,
H. O'Grady.a former director and stock
holder of the Model Gold Mining Com
pany, were important witnesses for the
Government.
O'Grady told how the Jager brothers
"boomed the stock" of the Jager Oil
Company. He said that one of tha
brothers went to Evanston, Wyo.,
where the company's "properties"
were located, and registered at the
hotel ns David Williams. Then Wit
ness Hardin said the mining promoter,
under the alias of Williams, offered
him $1000 an acre for the property. A
report of this offer was sent to Chicago
in a telegram, which, was reproduced
and printed in advertising matter sent
through the mails, the witness said.
O'Grady testified that at first it was
planned to send him to Wyoming to
make the "offer," but that Jager after
ward decided that as he was lame, "ha
might be recognized."
J. J. Hallhan testified that Frank
Jager save. him 1250 shares of stock
and that when the promoter offered
him a dividend he remonstrated, but
that Jagrer replied: "That's all right;
keep the stock and when the price gets
hish. enough sell a little block and
pay.**
Cures Colds in South Africa.
LAXATIVE BROMO QUININE. To **t tho
genuine, call for the full name. 25 cents. •
A high license is necessary to sell
drinks in a roof garden.
TOPEKA, Kans., Jan. 25.— A blizzard
has been raging .throughout Kansas all
day. Snow, driven by a fierce north
wind, has fallen and the mercury has
been below zero. In TbpeTsa It was 10
below. Advices from Western and Cen
tral Kansas say that cattle are suffer
ing severely and much loss in this di
rection is expected.
CHICAGO. Jan. 25.— The three men
reported missing when the tugboat
Adell was sunk by the ice last night
lost their lives while trying to reach
shore over the ice. floes. They were
Captain Moar, Fireman John Hancock
and Steward Cashier Adrain.
MILWAUKEE. Jan. 25.— New Rich
mond, Wis., reports all cold weather
records in that region broken to-day
by a temperature of 46 to 48 degrees
below zero.
ST. LOUIS. Jan. 25.— From dawn un
til night snow fell without cessation
and it is apparent that the fall will
continue throughout the night. Streat
car schedules were abandoned and
every effort was made to keep the cars
running regardless of time. All of the
snowplows in the city were brought
Into requisition. At the Union station
all in-bound trains were reported late.
The St. Petersburg correspondent of
the Daily Telegraph cables that he has
learned it was the erroneous idea of
Bezobrafeff, leader of the war party,
and a Secretary of State, that Japan
would rather withdraw her demands
than fight, which led to divided coun
cils in the Russian Government, and
when war seemed unavoidable he still
persisted that a short and a sharp
struggle would end the matter. He
even ventured to criticize the plan of
campaign of War Minister Kuropatkin
and the War Office and proposed a
plan of his own.
The War Minister then threatened to
resign, according to the correspondent,
and Count Lamsdorff and Witte, re
spectively Minister of Foreign Affairs
and President of the Committee of Min
isters, protested. Finally Grand Duke
Alexander, who had first brought Be
zobrafeff to prominence, became con
vinced war must be avoided, and he
managed to get Bezobrafeff away.
The Tokio correspondent of the Times
says the leading Japanese journals con
tinue to be skeptical of Russia's pacific
intentions and argue that the patching
up of a hollow peace would be a pre
lude to future rivalry in armaments
which would cause a greater strain
than a war, whereas a fight to-day
would be a preface to many years of
peace.
Other dispatches say that the Jap
anese are embarking 10,000 laborers at
Tientsin, in order to hasten the com
pletion of the Seoul-Fusan Railroad.
Some anxiety has been expressed in
St. Petersburg regarding the military
movements of China.
The principal danger now, according
to this dispatch, is said to be confined
to the disorderly elements in Korea.
The latest news received here repre
sents a great majority of the Korean*
as sympathizing: with Russia and hos
tile to Japan.
LONDON, Jan. 26.— A dispatch to
Reuter's Telegram Company from St.
Petersburg says that while the bourse
there has been nervous owing to the
uncertainty of the situation, the pro
gress of the negotiations inspires in
creasing confidence among those who
are well informed, and in such quar
ters .there is a confident belief in a
favorable issue.
St. Petersburg Counts Upon the Sym
pathy of the Natives.
KOREANS FAVOR RUSSIA.
Heavy Fall of Snow Causes the
Abandonment of All Street
car Schedules in St. Louis
Damaging Evidence Is Given
Against Promoters of "Wild
Cat" Scheme in Wyoming
absence has caused a vast accumu
lation-of matters with which his sub
ordinates are unable to cope. Mili
tary preparations, the correspondent
adds, are only half completed.
MIDDLE WEST
STORM SWEPT
JAGER OILMEN
WERE SMOOTH
Continued From Page 1, Column 7.
At 2 o'clock the relief train had not
arrived, but was making its way slow
ly over the drifted track and in the
face of a blistering snowstorm.
Engineer John Nunns of the accom
modation train stuck to his post and it
is believed he is under the debris, as he
cannot be found. Accommodation Con
ductor McKay is reported seriously in
jured and Fireman Frank Heit and
Baggageman Willett were scalded by
escaping steam. One of the Pullman
cars has been turned into a temporary
hospital.
¦ Because of the burned bridge traffic
is suspended until a temporary struc
ture can be erected. The local train
was the Hannibal accommodation, due
in St. Louis at 8:29 o'clock and was
running about on time at a speed of
twenty miles an hour.
ST. LOUIS, Jan. 25.— The Denver ex
press, on the main, line of the Burling
ton road, due here at 6;35 p. m.. was
run into from the rear by a local pas
senger train while taking water at Gar
deen Creek, about forty miles north of
here to-night. It is reported that some
deaths occurred and that several train
men were hurt.
The wreck occurred on a bridge over
Gardeen Creek. The bridge and two cars
of the local train- and the local engine
were burned. The express was running
behind time- because of the blizzard
weather, and had stopped at a tank"
Just after clearing the bridge to take
water.
Suddenly, without warning, the local
train crashed into the rear of the ex
press train. The light passenger cars
of the local train were badly demolished
and the bridge was filled with debrK
which took fire. Word reached St.
Charles, eight miles distant, and as
sistance was immediately sent from
there and a wrecking: train was dis
patched from here, followed by a relief
train with physicians.
A long distance telephone message
from St. Charles at midnight was to
the effect that the rear sleeper of the
Denver express stood on the bridge
when the collision occurred. The sleep
er was smashed, but not demolished.
The local train locomotive was crushed
and set fire to the bridge and the
structure and two cars of the local
train were burned. The express man
aged to draw the damaged sleeper away
from the flames.
Heroic Engineer Remains at
His Post and Is ; Thought
to Be Covered by the Mass of
Debris That Lines the Track
FLAMES COMPLETE . >
¦WRECK ...ON.. BRIDGE
CHINA RAISING AN ENORMOUS ARMY
The presiding Judge said he would
sum up to-morrow, and the trial was
then adjourned.
* : *
Why -had not Lord Pelham Clinton
and others been placed by the side of
Wright? They were equally responsi
ble with the defendant. Counsel con
tended that while the directors may
have made mistakes, it could not be
believed that they were guilty of these
charges. He pointed out also that the
Attorney General had intimated that
Wright had been selected to bear the
whole blame, because he had fe^j
friends.
"He is almost an American citizen,"
said Mr. Walton". "He spent his early
life in the United States, where he ob
tained such Credit as can be obtained
by honesty, industry and Integrity. His
only friends in London are such as
have gathered around him in the course
of his industrious life."
LONDON, Jan. 25.— On the resump
tion to-day of the trial of Whittaker
Wright, the company promoter, on the
charge of fraud, Lawson Walton ad
dressed the jury for the defense. He
complained that the prosecution had
been conducted with the same "undis
guised vindictiveness that had marked
the proceedings of persons who inspired
the prosecution." Had Lord Dufferin
and Lord Loch been alive, counsel
continued, Wright could not have been
prosecuted except in conjunction with
them, and the prosecution would not
have dared to charge those noblemen
with falsehood and fraud as they had
charged Wright.
The Ventura County law library has
just added 190 volumes of Supreme
Court reports to its collection, now 1500
in number.
A very valuable collection of old
books and paintings has been offered to
the public library of Los Angeles by
the Rev. Juan Caballeria, pastor of
the Church of Our Lady of the Angels.
In this collection are twenty-six paint
ings and forty volumes, which are il
lustrative of the early history of the
Southwest. The expense incurred in
collecting them amounts to $1000 and
the gift is conditional upon the pay
ment of that sum to the donor.
As the library is without funds to
secure the offering it seems probable
that the money will be raised by the
citizens of Los Angeles.
The latest oddity in the construction
of a library building is to be seen in
Derby, Vt.. where a beautiful building
presented by Mrs. Martha Harkee la
located on the boundary line between
the United States and Canada, half of
the building being situated on each side
of the line.
In San Mateo the library trustees
have received an offer from Mrs. M. B.
Brittain of San Francisco of a com
plete set of the "Review of Reviews,"
from 1891 to 1902. The offer has been
accepted and the collection will be
bound, v
Among the recent purchases made by
the Pasadena library are a number of
valuable sets of works. One is com
posed of twelve volumes on modern en
gineering; another is on Oriental sci
ence, illustrated by exquisite engrav
ings/ those on Japanese art being espe
cially fascinating.
Phoenix, Ariz., has received from
Andrew Carnegie an offer of $25,000 on
the usual conditions. This offer takes
the place of one formerly made of only
$15,000. ri
The Los Gatos library has estab
lished a charge of, $1 for the use of its
books by those that live beyond the
city limits.
Chico has been favored with its long
expected gift of $10,000 from Andrew
Carnegie. Eighteen months ago Chico
had no free library. A few earnest cit
izens'brought the subject by petition
before the City Trustees, procured the
passage of an ordinance for the estab
lishment of a library and at once ap
plied to Mr. Carnegie for a donation.
Traveling libraries are in greater de
mand among the teachers of Missouri
than with the women's clubs of that
State. This is a recent report from the
Missouri State Federation of Clubs.
As a memorial to a little son that re
cently died, John Patton of Grand Rap
ids, Mich., will provide and maintain a
collection of books to be sent to crip
pled children.
The citizens of .Santa* Cruz are mak
ing great efforts " to provide , ample
funds for the furnishing of their library
structure, now under way. A large
committee is to be appointed to arrange
lor the giving of concerts, theatricals
and lectures in this behalf.
W. R. Watson, formerly connected
with the Carnegie Library of Pittsburg,
Pa., recently appointed assistant State
librarian, has arrived at Sacramento
and assumed his new duties.
Prompted by a zealous desire to know
what best points are to be found in the
new library buildings of California
A. W. North and Lawrence Stephens,
library trustees of Woodland, are mak
ing, at their own expense, an extended
trip of inspection. They will visit the
libraries of San Jose, Los Gatos, Palo
Alto, Oakland, Alameda, Napa, Santa
Rosa. Vallejo and others. Their special
object is to promote utility and ele
gance in the plans now being drawn
for the Woodland library. ;
The . Oakdale library has just ob
tained through Representative J. C.
Needham more than thirty valuable de
partment works. Some of these are
from the geological survey of the De
partment of the Interior and are de
scriptive of the resources and possibil
ities of Northern California.
The Superintendent of Public Instruc
tion In Rhode Island, Mr. Stockwell.
declared . in a recent, meeting of * the
State Library Association held in Paw
tucket, K. I., that public libraries mean
almost more to the education of the
State than the schools themselves, if
conducted as they ought to be." They
are a means of education of the peo
ple. He concluded with the words.
"Don't be discouraged; you have en
couraged me to the undertaking of
things that I never thought of be
fore."
Rarely is a Carnegie library opened
with more public satisfaction than the
one just completed in Kalispell, Mon
tana. Kalispell is located in the north
western part of Montana, not far from
the Canada line, in a mountainous and
sparsely settled region. The building
is of brick with sandstone trimmings,
interior finish of maple and cost $10,000.
To celebrate the opening, a reception
was given by the ladies of the library
association.
Attorney Claims That His Cli
ent Has Been Selected to
Shoulder the Whole Blame
Trustees of Woodland's Insti
tution Are Making an Ex
tended Tour of Inspection
Several Persons Are Reported
..to Have Been Killed in a
liaiLroad Disaster at Night
on. the Burlington System
PERSECUTION IS CHARGED
MILLIONAIRE IS STILL BUSY
Northern Town of Chico Is
the Latest Place to Secure
Donation for a Building
.Whittaker Wright's Counsel
Has a "Eling" at Methods
Used Against the Defendant
PLAIN REMARKS
FROM WALTON
CARS BURN
AFTER THE
COLLISION
SEVERAL CITIES
GET LIBRARIES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALU TUESDAY/,, JANUARY ¦¦ .26, 1904.
.Itching. Blind, Bleeding or Protruding Piles.
Tour druggist will refund money • If . Pazo
Ointment fall* to cur* you in 0 to 14 days. 50a*
A Guaranteed Cure for Files.
FRESNO, Jan. 25.— The many suits
growing out of the controversy be
tween John and George Seroplan of
Fresno and Catton, Bell & Co. of San
Francisco have been settled. The
Seropians will pay to Catton, Bell &
Co. the sum of $110,000 and take over
the shares (one more than half) that
the company owned in the Seropian
Fruit Packing Company. This in
cludes all their interest in the several
packing: houses throughout the State.
Costly Suits at Fresno Settled.
2
ORDER ROR THE
GREAT TWENTIETH CENTURY COOK BOOK
Mail This Order to The Su Francisco Call Witts 75c
The San Francisco Call,
San Francisco, Cal.: ,
Inclosed herewith please find 75c. for which send me one
copy of The Call's Great Twentieth Century Cook Book. (Fifty
Cents is The Call's Premium Vate to all its six-month subscrib-
ers to the daily and Sunday paper, and the additional 25c is
to prepay shipping charges.)
SIGNEr
STREET ....... 'I..'. '....;....
city ..,.....:.....
STATE ..'............;......:.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
New Shapes for $1.95
We have lately received direct from the factory a fine
assortment of hats for $1.95. They comprise the very latest
shapes and shades. The styles are soft and stiff, but the va-
riety of brims and crowns enables us to give every man a hat
which is most becoming to him.
The hats are on display in our windows. You will see
upon looking at them that they are every bit as good as the
hats sold at $2.50 in exclusive hat stores.
OuUof'town orders filled— write us
740 Market Street
DB. SHOOP'S REMEDIES.
H jri Humanity's Name
I AsK Yeo to TellMc a Stefc
Needs Help.
Kojntener U wanted. I ask simply a postal card
ftatlnr which book to tend. I wilt do all lh» rest, and
accept all th« risk, to see that your friend gets well.
> . I will send him my book. I willarraiyre with adrugr-
f Ut near by that he nwy take six bottles Dr. ShoopV
Restorative. He may take it a month at my risk. If h
, tuceeeeU, it cam $t. i? . If it fails, I will pay the drue>
fist jpyself. And the sick one's mere word shall decide.
I I do that so that those who need help will accept it. I
na»e what those sick ones must have to ret w«H. and I
make my offer so lair that no sick one can neglect it.
; - You may think it too fair to be possible, but I do just
¦•} \**y- \ ha»e furnished my Restorative to hundreds
f>[ thousands in this way, and 34 oxt of each 40 have
paw gladly, because they were cured. I willingly pay
for the rest - <
Ms a remarkable remedy that makes such an offer
possible, tnd I hare spent my/lifetime on it. It is mv
discovery, an d the only known treatment that strength-
en* the inside nerves. • • . •
.The Common way is to doctor the orran that is weak,
™ t** **! orrars at best but temporary results. • My
way 1* to brine back the nerve power which alone oper.
j eTe /T,~ Vlta ' orran. S I give to each orran the power
to aoiti duty, and there U no other way to make weak
ernns well. • ¦ . • r . , , , • ¦ ¦
Ffail only fther» organic trouble— like cancer—make*
— m™^ 0 "^ 16 - Such ••* rare -
• • M *. b J?°» wi yeonvtneeyou,forit is clear. Almost
any sick one wbb reads it will know that he can ret well.
•' Simply ntate which Book 1 on Dyspepsia.
book you want an* ' Book 2 on the Heart.
°° you : _. ¦ tt . n - d .-- Book 3 on the Kidneys.
address Dr. ,Shoop. Book 4 for Women.
bor • 86.10, Racine, Book 5 for Men
Wl e , (sealed); ; r
_,.,. . . Book 6 on Rheumatism
Mild cases, not chronic, are often cured
with one or two bottles. At druggists 1 .
ADVEBTISEMENTSLj vwvw-
|^g HfiSY IrB E9 PsJ Ira Hft frj tS^T r» KS Efl ISUKb
TO THE PUBLIC:===
Knowing that I have found a positive cure for dyspepsia and
most stomach troubles, I do not hesitate to urge every sufferer to
try this new vegetable pepsin.
1 know that it will cure Dyspepsia.
•. . I know that it will cure Nervousness.
'.' I know that it will cure Sleeplessness.
. I know that it will give strength to the weak.
I know it from the testimony of hundreds of people that it has
cured.
• . I know it so surely and believe in it so completely that I have
put my reputation and my fortune behind it.
I want the public to know it as I do, and believe in it as I be-
lieve in it.
I value your confidence and respect more than I value your
inoney. * . . ¦
1 have therefore determined to give away sample bottles of
this remedy that a thorough test may be made.
I earnestly ask every doctor, every chemist, every scientist to
carefully investigate the merits of this medicine and then honestly
tell the public the truth about it.
1 want every dyspeptic to try Paw Paw. No matter what rem-
edies you have taken or. what doctors you have consulted; no
matter how many years you have suffered, get a trial bottle and
.see how speedily you will be benefited and how quickly you will be
cured.
I want every irritable person, every nervous person, every
weak person, every person who cannot sleep to get a bottle of
Paw Paw. Take it according to directions and notice how quickly
it will soothe and calm the nerves; how soon it will give vigor and
strength to the whole system, and enable you to sleep restfully
and soundly.
. • Don't take whisky! Don't take beer! Don't take narcotics,
which are worse than either of them. Remember Paw Paw exhil-
arates but does not intoxicate. It lifts you out of despondency into
.flie high altitude of hopes and hoids you there. Set aside all drugs,
all medicines, all stimulants and give Paw Paw a fair trial, and
you will have cause to give your heartfelt thanks to
M UN YON.
Regular size (large) bottles can be had at any drug store; $i
per bottle. Paw Paw Laxative Pills for those who need a gentle
laxative or an active cathartic, 25c per bottle.
fS^^Sj^^l H ror Infants and Children.
I The Kind You Have
1 1 Aiwsys Boii§ni
j^VfegetablePreparationforAs- jj m
similatinglheFoodandBegula- f| -. ix.^ B
lingtheStDinachsandBow'elsor W .be&rS LQ8 Va> \
\ B>CT^' >g^^^^ I signature /)\m
Promotes Dige3tiqn.Cheerfur- m Ja |/ Wr
; ness and Rcst.Contains neilher m r*f ff(S.J\\r
Opium.Morphinc nor>Iineral. Jg U* \\*
; NotNahcotic. if fiLilVf
JlutpeafOUnrSAMUELPtTCHKR l^y \
fitm/tkut Seed'' \ ¦'% \ ia -."
KoAdUSmUt- I Hi «U ft III
: jtfmSted- 1 m II fiJ A
; "^tJ- |/%J Ose
Aperiecl Remedy forConstipa- mi « fjr - : T :
Tion, Sour Stomach, Diarrhoea m I I A/ -»
Worms .Convulsions .Feverish- fr i ftp |LnP II If OK
| ness andLoss OF Sleer ffl I U I U V U I
j Facsimile Signature or ||
£4$#fc&s&« Thirtu YpAfQ
I y EW YORK. m illlllj lUttlW
THt CCNTAUH COKHNf. **W TOW* CITY." .WASHINGTON, Jan. 26.— The
President . to-day, sent, to the Senate
the- nomination. of J. E. Olmsted to be
postmaster in Petaluma, Cal.
rctnluma's Postmaster Selected.
There was an election last evening
in Battery A, First Artillery, in the
Ellis-street Armory, to. fill a vacancy
caused by the resignation of Captain
Varney. The choice was J. A. -Miller,
who, during the' Spanish-American
war, was in command of that'organiz
ation, which, at that time, was.one t of'
the companies of.the.F.irst.California
Volunteers. The election was follow;
ed by a collation and • speechmaking.
ctcd Captain of Battery \.
Government Bids for Cement.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 25. — The In
terior Department to-day called for
bids to be opened February 29 for fur
nishing the Government 150,000 bar
rels of Portland cement for the dam
site near the mouth of Tonto Creek
for the Salt Itiver (Arizona) irrigation
project-
Senator, Hanna III With Grip.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 25.— Senator
Ilnnna is confined to his bed by an at
tack of srip
BALTIMORE, Jan. 25. — Receivers
were appointed to -day for the banking
and brokerage firm of E. N. Morrison
& Co. ; The failure was not a surprise,
as. the* embarrassment of the firm had
been known for several days. E. N.
Morrison, the head of the firm, mad*,
a statement to-day that the resources
of the - house had been wiped out by
losses * on- cotton. The liabilities are
placed .between $500,000 and $600,000.
Cotton Losses Cause Failure.
LONDON. Jan. 26. — The Daily Ex
press this morning: announces the en
gagement of Lord Hindlip, one of the
richest peers in England, and Miss
Agatha Thynne, one of the beauties
of the season.
Lord Hindlip Betrothed.
TOPEKA. Kans.. Jan. 25. — A report
is boir.s persistently circulated in local
railroad circles to the effect that Gen
eral Manasrer Mudgre of the Santa Fe
is to be chosen vice president of the
road in place of J. W. Kendrick. It
is not known where the report origina
ted and the officers here refuse to dls
cups it.
Sludge's Promotion Rumored.
NEW YORK, Jan. 25. — The follow
ing Calif ornians are here: From San
Francisco — F. I. Barlow, at the Spald
ing; Mrs. E. Blake, at the Hotel Cadil
lac; E. R. Brady, at the Hotel Im
perial; G. D. Donovan, at the Hotel
Navarre; F. E. Elliott, at the Winsonia
Hotel; F. Hoyle and wife, at the Win
sonia; J. Liebes, at the Hotel Savoy;
W. IT. Miner, at the Hotel Navarre: D.
M. Schoenfeld, at the Herald Square.
C ; E. Fredericks, at the Hoffman: Q.
Goodman and wife, a,t the Herald
Square. .
From Los Angeles — Dr. Nelson, at
the' New Amsterdam; C. Udell, at \he.
Hotel Normandie; J. A. Caldwell, at
the Victoria; A. II. Heber, at th« Hol
land House; F. G. Kahn, at the Belve
dere House; Miss C. E. Retse, J.
Schannell, S. S. Spier and wife, at the
Normandie: G. P. Taylor, at the Hotel
Imperial; W. G. Thorpe, at the Grand
Union; S. A. Todd. at the Imperial.
Cnlifornlans In Xew York.
Washington Department Issues Com
infv-ion to Adam Andrew as Post
master at Sli:isi;i Sprints.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 1'5. — Postmas
ter commissioned — California — Henry
C. Witt, at Success.
Fourth-class postmaster appointed —
California — Adam Andrew, Shasta
Springs,' Siskiyou County, vice F. L.
Mai lory, resigned.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
WASHINGTON, .Tan. 25.— Senator B#veridge
Introduced a bill to-day for the suppression
and pun!«hment of bribery and official corrup
tion In the TprrltoriM of the United States.
FRANKFORT, Ky., Jan. 25. — W. J.
Bryan telegraphed to-day his accept
ance of the invitation of the House of
Representatives to deliver an address
here on February 23 on the occasion
of the Gocbel day exercises. The
House to-day practically kilkd a reso
lution indorsing the President's ac
tion in the Panama matter. The Sen
ate last T.-eek took similar action by
sending the resolution to a hostile
committee.
The House by a viva voce vote kill
ed, the resolution to invite President
Roosevelt to address the Legislature.
Kentucky Legislature Kills Resolu
tion Inviting Him to Speak.
SLAP AT THE PRESIDENT.
Cures Colds in Australia.
UXATIVE BROMO QUININK. To get th«
genuine, call for' the full name. 23 ceni*. •
GRAND RAPIDS, Mich.. Jan. 25. —
Ex-Alderman Lozier. accused of hav
ing accepted a bribe to aid the Lak"
Michigan water deal, to-day changed
his plea of not guilty to guilty in the
Superior Court. Sentence was de
ferred.
Lozier Pleads* Gnilty
This week 25 per cent reduction on
every hpater in stock. San Francisco Gas
and Electric Company. 413 Post street. •
Thief Tries to Steal Instruments.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Jan. 25.
The assay office of the chemistry de
partment at Stanford was broken into
last night by a thief, who carried
through a rear window two costly bal
ance instruments used for weighing:
precious metals. Before the intruder
made away with the booty he evi
dently became frightened, for the in
struments were found this morning in
the field 'adjoining the chemistry
buildings. No clew to the burglar has
been obtained.
DENVER, Jan. .25. — W. S. Mont
gomery, a wealthy -mine owner, was
brought to trial in the United States
Court to-day before Judge John H.
Marshall on an indictment charging
him with perjury and subornation bt
perjury. The indictment, which con
tains seventeen counts, is predicated
on testimony given by the defendant
in the contests over the Hull City
placer claim In the Cripple Creek dis
trict. Montgomery is charged with
having sworn falsely In the Land
Office in Pueblo in May, 1897, for the
purpose of obtaining a patent on the
Hull City placer mininsr claim.
The indictment alleges that he
swore to having performed work on
the claim to the amount of $500, which
was untrue, and he is accused of
"fraudulently securing possession of a
portion of the public mineral domain."
Montgomery pleaded not guilty, to all
the counts.
Denver Man Is Charged With Having
Sworn Falsely to Obtain a
Land Patent.
RICH MINE OWNER
INDICTED FOR. PERJURY
GREEN BAT, Wis., Jan. 25. — Al
dermen A. L. Gray and George S.
Schwartz, City Attorney Fontaine and
City Assessor Harmentier were ar
rested to-day on warrants based on in
dictments^y the Grand Jury charging
them with bribery.
Wisconsin Aldermen Arrested.
Tonopah Railroad Work Begin*.
TONOPAH, Nev., Jan. 23. — Work
began to-day on the Tonopah and
Rhodes liallTv-ay at two ooints on th"»
road. Material for the work ia arrtv
ing steadily at Sodaville, and unless
unforeseen delays occur the road,
which will be sixty-three miles Ions:,
•will surely b«» in operation and in
Tonopah by May 15.
Berlin Receives Report of Dis
astrous Attempt by Troops
to Helievc Fort of Okahandj.i
The situation in German Southwest
Africa has been made more serious by
mutiny on the part of the native po
lice,- workmen and prisoners at Malta
hoehe. The mutiny occurred during
the absence of the commander, who
had joined the expedition against the
Bondelswarts tribesmen. The muti
neers seized rifles, money and cattle,
but the mutiny was subsequently sup
pressed.
The garrison at Windhoek numbers
230 men, part of the force being horse
men, with two machine guns.
Light has been thrown by the Frank
furter Zeitung on some of the contribu
tory causes of the Hereros' rising in
German Southwest Africa, as the result
of statements made to that paper by a
traveler who . has just returned from
Windhoek and Okahandja. The mer
chants and the traders allied with them
are charged with purposely involving
the natives in debt. According to this
traveler the traders are mostly dis
charged soldiers, whom the. merchants
equip with wagons and from sixteen to
twenty oxen and goods valued at thou
sands of marks. The traders sell at first
entirely on credit, not requiring any
cash until they make later trips. Th«!
improvident natives buy largely and
repeatedly on these easy terms, and the
merchants favor the system by extend
inc and renewing the credits of the
traders, sometimes to 15,000 marks. Tho
traders finally begin collecting portions
of the debt, taking cattle in payment,
and at the same time selling ¦ more
goods on credit. The natives are often
indebted to several traders at once. The
Frankfurter Zeitung's informant adds
that he found the merchants took an
average of 70 per cent profit on the
transactions of the traders, and the
latter added 100 per cent, and usually
made 2Q per cent more on the cattle
which they took in payment. The trad
ers further aroused the anger of the
natives by seizing the latter's cattle
arbitrarily without waiting for legal
procedure. It is true that the authori
ties forbid this, but the natives usually
do not complain, merely nursing their
grievances, and if they do complain the
polic6 have difficulty in discovering the
offending trader.
A German patrol which engaged the
natives near Hopefar lost a reserve of
ficer. Von Boysen; 'one non-commis
sioned offlcer and six men killed.
BERLIN. Jan. 2.— An official dispatch
from Windhoek, German Southwest Af
rica, says the Germans have lost heav
ily in an unsuccessful attempt to relies'e
Okahandja, that five settlers and their
entire families have been murdered and
that the Hereros have been threatening
Windhoek.
Joe Pohelra. The Tailor's, during month
of January. Very stylish trousers to or
der. $4.50. $5.50, $6.00 — They are worth
5«.00. $7.00 and $3.00. Perfect nt or no
sales. 201 and 203 Montgomery street;
1110 and 1112 Market street. •
Bargains at
HER EROS KILL
MANY GERMANS
DENVER, Jan. 23. — A special to the
News from Cripple Creek says that the
case of Sherman Parker was called in
the Justice Court this afternoon, .the
charges being assault on Thomas
Stewart and aiding Charle3 Campbell
to elude the ofllcers. and after con
siderable delay the announcement was
made that there' was no evidence
against the prisoner. He was dis
charged. Parker was immediately re
arrested by the military without war
rant and taken to the bullpen.
Colorado Military Rearrest the Man
After lie is Acquitted of
Assault. :
SHERMAN PARKER IS
AGAIN IN TROUBLE
WILLOWS, Jan. 25. — Judge Pirkey
this morninsr decided the case of Swan
against Talbot in favor of the plaintiff,
allowing him $11,345 54. The case
involved the ownership of $30,000
worth of personal property, -which
Swan transferred to Talbot. Swan
claimed that he was drunk when the
deeds were signed.
Court Decides Swnn-Talbot Case.*
nlso appropriating $100.0*10 for a sur
vey of Hilo harbor and the construc
tion of a l>reak\vai«r at that place.
¦ ? ¦
WASHINGTON, Js>.n. «."«.— Th<? </nTOpfoI!»r
pi !:¦«• Currency to-<Uy if=*Ti» > 4 * r&\\ for th»
mrti'A'ma if naiJcnai hanks nt the tlci>e cf
bostMsa oo January 1^?.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 2'..— Delegate
Kalanian«t«i!r of Hawaii introduced bills,
in the House to-day prohibiting the
employment of Mongolians on public
works in Hawaii and making eight
liours a day's work in such employ
ment; ?lso appropriating; $250,000 for
a survey of tho harbor of Honolulu;
Fixing Labor Pay in Hawaii
TRENTON, N. J.. Jan. 25.— Vice
Chancellor Stevenson granted an or
der , to-day for cause to be shown in
Jersey City oil February 8 why a re
ceiver should not be appointed for the
Old Dominion Copper Mining and
Smelting Company. The application
was made by John H. Pierce of Lin
coln, Mass., who alleges that the com
pany Is insolvent. This application
follows proceedings instituted in the
Court of Chancery a few weeks ago
to restrain the consolidation of the
Old Dominion Company and the
United Globe Mining Company at
Globe, A. T.
Massachusetts Man Asks That a Re
ceiver Be Appointed for Old Do
minion Copper Company.
SAYS MINING COMPANY
IS NOW INSOLVENT
' Seven Persons Injured Dtirins the
Progress of a lllasiins; Experi
ment and One Dies.
EAXTA KOSA, Jan. 25. — Four men
• and three boys were injured at Peta
; luma yesterday afternoon by a blast
; of powder, the injuries of one result
, ing fatally as he*\vas being conveyed
; to a San Francisco hospital. This
i man was Thomas Boskin. In addition
| to internal injuries he suffered a frac
¦ tured thigh and several broken ribs.
The accident was caused by a num
ber of men employed by the Petaluma
land Santa liosa Railway Company as
¦ graders rushing in before a blast had
: been discharged. The graders had en
j countered some heavy rock, necessitat
i ing- blasting. Three -blasts were placed
In position and after two had been
I fired the men walked back to their
i work without waiting for the cus
! tomary s-igual from Foreman Hunter
: Smith. The men believed all three
j blasts had been discharged. After
' they returned to the scene a blast
| lifted them into the air. In addition
• to the four workmen injured three
, spectators were hurt. These were
I Petalumans who were watching the
: workmen and were not in proximity to
the blast.
POWDER HURLS MEN
INTO AIR AT rJSTALUMA
One of the latest, appointed clerical
delegates who - will appear at the
Episcopal convention which opens in
this city to-day is Rev. J. Wilmrr
Gresham, B. D., who has just entered
upon the rectorship of Trinity Church,
San Jose, a parish which, though seri
ously weakened by lack of interest, has
apain begun to flourish under the en
ergetic methods of its new nversep-.
For several months and up to his corn
ins it was without a settled rector.
The Rev. Mr. Gresham is from the
South and furnishes one of. the rare
instances of a clergyman, born and
bred in Southern environments, ac-
WASHINGTON, Jan. 25. — Senator
Curton of Kansas, against whom a
Federal Grand Jury on Saturday re
tiimpd an Indictment for accepting a
bribe from the Itialto Grain Com
pany, has indicated to his friends his
Intention of waiving ;>J1 his rights as
r United States Senator and accepting
service in the case at once, lie \°tt
f«»r St. Louis lust evening,
liis <iotprmii:ation to force the case to
an immediate issue-.
Senator Curton Aggressive.
Mr. Greaharn has been cordially wel
comed ar.d the prospects are that Trin
ity will soon be as strong, influential
and vigorous * parish as it ever was.
cepting a Northern charge. The new
pastor is a graduate of the University
of the South, where he pursued his
studies in theology until ordained by
Bishop Gailor of Tennessee to the dia
conate in 1895. He then became rector
of St. James Church, Baton Rouge.
Ordained a priest by Bishop Sessums of
Louisiana in 1896, he was called to
Grace Church, Charleston, S. C, where
he remained until ill health compelled
him to resign. It was during a recent
trip i of his to this State th«:t the old
parish at San Jose became acquainted
with its future clergyman. An urgent
call followed and was accepted.
Under its new priest Trinity bids
fair to enjoy its old prosperity. The
parishioners are rapidly returning to
their allegiance and congregations are
now as large as ever.
: Illinois Central Fast Mail Strikes a
Cow in Tennessee With Disas
trous Results.
MEMPHIS, Tenn.. Jan. 25. — Illinois
• Central train No. 2, the fast mail from
! New Or'eans to Chicago, was wrecked
¦ at Gales. Tenn., to-day. One person
' was killed and two slightly injured.
Dead:
JOHN HARRIS, Gates. Tenn.
Injured — Mrs. John Evans, Chicago;
j IJ. C. Gubbard, Ruston, La.
The wreck was caused by the pilot
striking a cow.
TRAIN IS WRECKED
AND ONE MAN KILLED
NEW RECTOR OF TRINITY
EPISCOPAL CHURCH IN
SAX JOSE.
The item of $400,000 for the con
struction of an army general hospital
in -Washington also went out on a
point of order, as did the paragraph
providing for the 'construction of a
submarine cable from Sitka to Fort
Liscum.'
A resolution calling upon the Secre
tnry of State for information as to the
number of carriages maintained by the
Government'for the State Department
was adopted.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 25. — The
House to-day passed the army appro
priation bill, carrying approximately
$75,000,000, after adopting a number
of amendments.
The provision for the consolidation
of the Attorney General's Department
and the recording pension office of the
War Department into one bureau, to
be known as the Military Secretary's
office, was stricken from the bill on a
point of order raised by Grosvenor of
Ohio.
Measure CaiTies Appropriations Ag
gregating Seventy-five Millions.
HOUSE PASSES ARMY BILL.
The appeal bears the following sig
natures: President Roosevelt, former
President Cleveland. Chief Justice
Fuller of the Supreme Court and As
sociate Justices Harlan and Brewer;
Secretary Hay, Secretary Shaw. Sse
retary Wilson. Secretary Cortelyoti.
former Secretary of State Foster. Wil
liam J. Bryan. Senators Frye. Lorlg*.
Morgan, Bard. Algrer and Cockrell pn.i
Representatives Payne. Dalzell and
John S. William*.
But. in addition, the effect of its labors
lias b»en very marked upon our whole civiliza
tion. To have circulated, as it haa done.
72, 000, COO Bibifs. Testaments or portions there
of, is to have powerfully contributed to th*
moral health of th« world. The social fabric
of modern States has no surer founda
tion than the Bible, especially in a repub'.:c
like ours, which rests upon the moral-char
acter and educated Judgment of th« Individual.
No thoushtful man can doubt that to in
crease the circulation and use of the Bibl<»
among the people would seriously menao« thw
highest, interests or civilized humanity.
Inasmuch as the work of the society i* in
danger of beins seriously crippled front lack
of funds, its appeals for aid should m»«t *en
croui resconsrs from all who love American
Institutions. Vi'c owe a debt to the WM
which can be partly raid now by carrrlnsr for
ward this treat undertaking with Increase-!
vlKOr.
The American Bible Society for nearlr
eighty-eight years has pursued its lingls aim
of circulating: the Bible without net* or com
ment in this and all lands. For this purpcu
ii has been concerned in securtnc translation*
of the Scriptures in nearly ICO language*. It.
sustains a close relation to the Christian
churches of the United States, as tha ally ar.t
helper of their mission work at horns anct
abroad, and as such deserves and receives their
support.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 35. — Th<5
American Bible Association has Issued
the following appeal:
Association Issues an Appeal Signed
by Prominent Americans for
Aid in the Work.
FUNDS ARE WANTED TO
CIRCULATE THE BIBLE
Decision Affects Persons Indicted for
Fraudulently Transferring Tim
ber Lands. *
HELENA, Mont., Jan. 25. — Judge
James H. Beatty of Idaho, who heard
the pleas of abatement in the perjury
and subornation of perjury cases
growing out of alleged frauds in tim
ber and stone land entries in Western
Montana, has sent to the clerk of the
United States Court here his decis'on
in the case, in which the pleas are
overruled. The opinion is in the case
of the United States R. M.
Cobban, charged with subornation of
perjury, but by stipulation of counsel
the decision holds as to all perjury and
subornation of perjury cases.
There are twelve indictments against
Cobban for perjury — five against John
B. Catlin for subornation of perjury;
also one for perjury and one each
against thirty-eight other residents of
Western Montana. They were indicted
about two years ago, it being alleged
that they had committed perjury in
proving up on timber land entries
which were afterward transferred to
Cobban and by him transferred to
United States Senator Clark. An ac
: tion was brought by the Government
against Senator Clark to vacate his ti
tles to the lands, but Judge Knowles
decided in favor of the defendant and
the Government has appealed the case.
COURT OVERRULES
PJJ2AS OF ABATEMENT
Cabinet Officer Is Willing to Protect
Anjcrjcnn Merchantmen to a
KciiMjnable Kxtcnt.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 25. — Secretary
Hoot has addressed a letter to Sen
ator Fiye. president pro tern, of the
s. n.-u<\ expressing his views further
<>!• Jhe pending legislation to require
all Government freights for the Phil
ippines to l»e carried in American bot
toms. The Secretary says he is will
in?. In an effort to protect American
Shipping, to go to n reasonable ex
lent, oven ro iar as giving such ships
¦inci .,,r< r v r>:;t premium on Philippine
business. But he does not approve of
n proposition :<• tie the Government
absolutely in the manner proposed.
?nd suggests That the Government
rhould be permitted to suspend the
operation of the proposed act when
f;:dprs lor transportation in United
Ktates vessels cannot be secured at
reasonable rates.
SECCETARY ROOT HAS
NEW VIEWS OX SHIPPING
BEDFORD, Ind., Jan. 25. — Officials
here are anxiously awaiting, the de
velopments in the mystery surround
ing the death of Miss Sarah Sehaefer
subsequent to the return of Joseph
Heitger from Bloomington.
In response to a telegram from H.
Hahn, a cigarmaker of Louisville, who
declared he could conduct officers to
a woman who might be able to throw
light on the mystery, Chief of Police
Russell and Sheriff Smith went-; to
Louisville to secure an interview with
the woman. The officers interviewed
her and claim to have secured valu
able information. Before disclosing
the information, it is said, the woman
exacted a pledge from the officers that
her name should be withheld from
publicity in connection with the inves
tigation. .;•
Mrs. Frank Goss of Chicago, who is
at Elkhart to attend the funeral of her
sister, declares that Heitger is the man
to whom she referred in her letter
when she said she was sorry that '"he"
had made a "crack" at Miss Sehaefer
and that the latter had not the
strength to throw him down. She and
the murdered girl's parents are of the
opinion that Heltjrer is In no way con
nected with the death of Miss Sehae
fer.
Mayor Smith said to-day: "We iXye
no evidence which justifies the arrest
of any one yet, and so far as I know
no arrest will be made to-day."
WASHINGTON, Jan. 25.— The Senate
to-day heard further discussion on the
question of appointments to office made
during Congressional recesses, listened
to a speech on the isthmian canal ques
tion by Morgan and passed a number
of bills of a semi-public character. As
a result of the debate on the appoint
ment question a resolution asking for
specific information concerning the
nomination of W. D. Crum as Collector
of Customs at the port of Charleston,
S. C, was passed. A resolution asking
for similar information concerning the
nomination of Brigadier General Wood
and other army officers went- over until
to-morrow. The following bills were
passed:
Authorizing the erection of a statue
of Commodore John D. Sloat at Mon
terey, Cal.
Authorizing the erection of a monu
ment to the memory of John Paul
Jones. «.
Authorizing the payment* of claims
incurred by citizens of Nevada in sup
pressing Indian hostilities in that State
in 1860.
Providing for the appropriate mark
ing of the graves of Confederate sol
diers who died in Northern prisons dur
ing the Civil War and appropriating
$2QO,000 for this purpose.
Amending section 4607 of the Revised
Statutes so as to make the section ap
ply to foreign as well as American-ves
sels. (The bill relates to the solicitation
of custom for boarding-houses.)
Appropriating $£25,000 for a revenue
cutter service at Honolulu.
Establishing a life-saving station at
Halfmoon Bay, Cal.
As showing the tenacity of his opin
ion, it is said one of the first acts of
the new Governor on taking his place
at Manila was to incorporate in the new
navigation laws for the Islands a pro
vision used by the preceding Spanish
Government based on the very princi
ple in the contention for which he had
been defeated by Secretary Root. The
latter also is tenacious, for he immedi
ately struck the proposed law out of
the Philippine code.
Secretary Moody to-night gave a
farewell dinner at the Metropolitan
Club to Secretary Root.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 25.—Prepara
tions are being made at the War De
partment for the transfer of the Sec
retary's office from Secretary Root to
Secretary Taft. The new Secretary will
arrive Wednesday afternoon. Secre
tary Root has issued cards for a recep
tion Friday evening in honor of his
successor. The Thursday evening pre
ceding Senator Alger will give a recep
tion In honor of the retiring Secretary,
at which Governor Taft will be present.
The fact has developed that Secre
tary Root himself originally selected
Governor Taft for the important post
of Governor of the Philippines, and the
reasons for the choice are interesting.
Mr. Vanderbllt had purchased abroad
the big steam yacht Conqueror, and
when the vessel came to New York
the Customs Collector sought to im
pose a heavy duty on her as an im
ported article. Mr. Vanderbilt retained
Mr. Root to defend the case. The pres
ent Secretary and Mr. Taft, then So
licitor General, met in the legal arena
of the United States Supreme Court,
where Mr. Root won his case. But the
argument made by the Solicitor Gen
eral excited his admiration, and when
Secretary Root cast about for the best
man for the delicate and difficult post
of Governor of the Philippines he chose
Mr. Taft.
"WASHINGTON. Jan. 25.— On recom
mendation of Senator Heyburn of Idaho
the President has appointed H. Smith
Woolley, a former Bi?hop of the Mor
mon church, to be assayer of the mint
at Boise City. Idaho. The discussion of
Woolley's appointment has caused con
siderable political go5?ip. At a confer
ence in the White House to-day, to
Which the President. Sacretary Shaw
and Senator Heyburn were parties, the
question was settled.
Charges had been preferred against
Woolley by two Boise City editors.
They were investigated by a committee
from the Treasury Department. The
committee's findings were placed before
tho President. No recommendations
were made by the committee, but it is
said the charges practically were sus
tained. Semi-official announcement was
mfld^ that Woolley would not be reap
:>ointed. hut after careful consideration
»h«^ President decided to make the ap
rnimm"nt. and so informed Senator
Heyburn to-day.
The President hrli that it seemed
evident that the charges against Wool
]f>v wore due to political bias.
On the witness stand Van Camp ex
plained that he had been drinkin*
heavily after Mrs. Eddy's death and
could not remember what did happen
with reference to the diamonds. H«
said he was In a San Francisco sani
tarium for several weeks and his mem
ory was not good. He would not deny
that he made the substitution, and offi
cers took him to the jewelers to refresh
his memory. The court was given to
understand that relatives have conclud
ed to drop the prosecutions. The dia
monds were valued at several 'thousand
dollars.
OMAHA. Neb., Jan. 25.— After nu
merous failures the bailiff of the Pro
bate Court secured service on Hamilton
B. Van CamD of San Francisco and
had him In court to-day as a witness.
Van Camp was supposed to know the
secret of the substitution of paste dia
monds for real gems in several articles
of jewelry belonging to the estate of
the lata Mrs. Alda Eddy. Van Camp
and Mrs. Eddy were brother ajid sister.
At Mrs. Eddy's death the will provided
for the bequest of rings and a diamond
sunburst to a sister in Oklahoma, Mr*.
Halsey. When the court came to make
the transfer the discovery was made
that bogus diamonds had been substi
tuted. A detective found that Van
Camp had the diamonds in his posses
sion for a few days after his slater's
death and that about this time h* wad
seen by friends to have new diamond
studs and ring?.
Special Dispatch to Th» Call.
Provide for Sloat Monument
at Monterey and a Life-Sav
ing Station at Halfmoon Bay
How Root's Successor, Former
ly an Adversary, Became the
Governor of the Philippines
President Holds That Charges
Against the Former Salt Lake
Bishop Were Due . to Bias
Charge Is Made That Brother
Substitnted Paste Jewels
for Diamonds of the Estate
Police Are Following Every
Theory to Discover the Man
Who Slew Miss Sehaefer
A POLITICAL INCIDENT
CASE CALLED IN OMAHA
ACCUSATIONS ARE IGNORED
DETECTIVES ARE RETICENT
CALIFORNIA BILLS PASS
Appointment of Woolley to
Be Assayer of Mint in Boise
Citv Starts Political Gossip
San Franciscan Admits Ina
bility to Eemember What Be
came of His Sister* s Gems
Louisville Woman Gives Of
ficers Clew Which : 'May. Lead
to Detection • of • Murderer
Preparations Under Way for
Great Receptions to Incoming
Secretary of War Department
President Is Asked for Spe
cific Information Concerning
the Negro's Appointment
Rev. J. Wilmer Gresham, Whose Work at
San Jose Brought Him Praise, Will Be
Delegate to the Episcopal Convention
MORMON GETS
FEDERAL POST
MANY HONORS
AWAIT TAFT
TAN CAMP'S
MEMORY DIM
SENATE TAKES
UP CRUM CASE
LIGHT DAWNS
ON A MYSTERY
YOUNG RECTOR'S ENERGY BRINGS
NEW LIFE TO DECADENT PARISH
THE SAN FRANCISCO' CALL; TUESDAY, JANUARY 26, 1904.
3
DR. PIERCE'S EEMEDIES.
liFrisT bisson
That th* voting girl has of womanhood
is not seldom a painful one. She learns
to know what headache means, and back-
ache, and sometimes is sadly borne down
by this new experience of life.
'All the pain and miaery which young
girls cotniiionly experience at such a
time, may in almost every instance be
MBbn entirely pre-
j*&$&$$b- N vented or cured
dPjfS^ -*>^if(Y\ TOr ' te Prescrip-
O^^^^^^Z^ \lisbes regnlar-
*rity- It tones up
JBgSsJgB^y^ f cures headache,
jBH9y\TV V backache," nerv-
fflB&fiC' I ' &£\)S> ousness and
Hsy^' vOil^ other conse-
womanly weakness or disease.
"I receiTed your letter some time ago. with
advice about your wonderful medicine," writes
Miss Stella Johnson, of 28 Brady Street. Dayton,
Ohio, jj I was troubled with severe pains every
month when I --Tote to .von for advice. After
receiving your letter and foliowinj its «Hyw-
tiens, I am how happy to My that after" ve
vears of untold suffering I have not had any
pains siinee first usiue vour * Fatrorite Prescrip-
tion.' I was induced through a friend to write to
you aud follow yo*ar kind advtce. I thank Cod
and Dr.' R. V.. Pierce for the health I now enjoy.
I shall urge other women who suffer at I did to
use your medicine." - - : . ; •. •
> « Favorite Prescription " makes weak
women strong, sick women well. , Ac-
cept no ';¦• substitute' ¦ for the : medicine
which works wonders for weak women.
• Weak and sick women are invited to
consult Dr. Pierce,; by letter, i free, ij All
correspondence is held as strictly private
and sacredly confidentialr Address Dr.
R.iV.Pierce, Buffalo, N.Y.
. , Free.' - • Dr. Pierce 's ( Common j Sense
¦Medical "Adviser is sent free on receipt
I of stamps to pay expense of mailing onfy.
Send 21 one-cent stamps for the book in
: paper covers, or 31 stampafortheclothi
" bound volume. Address Dr. R. Vi r Pierce,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
H This Cap Label p
si Is a guarantee cf the purity |W
Kg and richness of cur Up
ft Brand m j
§1 Evaporated if :
\_A $5,000 regard
g|l to anyone able to prove ill
£*&& of our product
__ __ .
The University Society
Of New York.
California Headquarter*. 47 Acidemy cf
fkiencrs, han Francisco.
Eampie* on Exhibition. Correspondence
H ATI IRIB CorrdtoSTATCURKD. C»c»
ft V I J Hfi l \ "»><"*<'¦ HMlthr«toied. At-
U,\ I M fcWJ £l t.'k tE ..rrrflurn. E»thc«r!:!j
" rT ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ I aether.. >o farther *~4 el
¦¦Crfni.? Book CO FREE. N. : »*t 7 f«p«. a) !.hm.»
A«U»»»e<Ii, 7 i >T>t . J».K aro iaH ay> , t B u ia L i Ot y.x.
These three words go well
together: Schilling's Best and
moneylDack.
Why? Your grocer will tell
you.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Closing Out Some Shirts at 35c
The other day we overhauled our stock of shirts,
collecting in. one assortment everything that was
broken in sizes. Any line . that did not have full
* sizes in every color was placed in this collection.
Some were 75c shirts, some were worth 65c and oth- •
crs.were 50c values.. We placed them on the counter
in their respective sizes from 14 to 17 and priced
every one of .them 35c.
No doubt you will strike several. patterns in your size
which will' strike your fancy. SALE COMMENCES
THIS MORNING.
Out-of-tozvn orders filled — zcritc us.
740 Market StreetColds Colds in China.
LAXATIVE BROMO QUININE. To. get the
genuine.' call for the full name. 25 cents. ••'.
Continues Fisher's Case.
BERKELEY, Jan. 25.— Qn account
of the illness of the wife of .one. of the
jurors the trial of "Sam" Fisher, the
West Berkeley saloon man. charged
with disturbing E. E, Newton's, peace,
was continued by Justice Edgar' to-day
until to-morrow, night at 7 o'clock.
Th.a jurors, unanimously voted for.
night sessions during, the trial of the
case, in which decision Justice Edgar
acquiesced. .
OAKLAND, Jan. 25. — The following
officers of the new Hebrew Protective
Association have been installed:
' President, M.' Happ; vice president.
I. Bialaglowaky; secretary, B. Litxen
stein: treasurer, I. Wallin; physician.
Dr." J. S. Green.
Hebrews Install Ofllcers.
BERKELEY. Jan. 25. — No one hav
ing identified it. the body of the man
found dead on the San Pablo road a
week ago by, schoolchildren was con
signed to a nameless grave in the pot
ter's field to-day by Deputy Coroner
John Streightif. The remains were
photographed so that in case. any one
should attempt to identify them the
Deputy Coroner will have a likeness of
the man.' '
Xone Give His a Name.
OAKLAND. Jan. 25. — Richard
Ward, the ex-Jockey, was convicted
by a- jury to-day of" attempting to
break out of the West Oakland cala
boose by kicking down a partition and
was sentenced to five years in San
Quentln by Judge Hall. : Years ago,
at the old Bay District track, he was
convicted of murdering a stable boy
and sentenced . to life imprisonment.
He was pardoned about a year ago
by Governor Gage and i has been - ar
rested twice since. .
Ward Given Five Years.
ning. $20; W. A. Morehouse $20; A. A. Bar
ton $20; J. C. Hill $10; Blngham Bros.. $5;
F. M. Butler. $10; David McKay. $10; Mrs.
I,loyd RawIIns $10: Mrs.,.J. C. Tucker. S10;
J. S. Jenks. $10; W. H. M*ad. $10; — Gray.
J5; J. A. Stroud. $5: I. D. Martin $2 50; O.
C. Perkins. $r>0; T M Umphred $10; E. M.
Walsh. $.10; F. W'. Bllger. $10; 'E. P. Cook.
$10; E. F. Cotton $10; A. E, Fox.-$8: Wil
liam I^etts Oliver. $50;, Captain Taylor. $25;
C. E Keyes. $5; CJ II. Echlln.,$5; «." E. Par
cells $3; M. Searles. $trt; F. A. Leach Jr..
$10; C B. Gould ;$10: W. W. Anderson $10;
W. W. Gnrthwaite $10; J. P. Garllck, $10; E.
McMillan $10; J." H. Lafferty. $10; A. S.
Macaonald $10; G L. Belcher, $fl; James
Hanley\ $5: E. B. de Golia. $?; Leo R. Well.
$5: A. C. Bates. $5; George W. Cope.^$5; T. C.
Cooxan. $5; A. H. Trathen. $5; Xrving Lund
borg $10; r,. M. Hamilton. $10; B'acon-SouSe,
$.10; 'Captain T. S. Phelps Jr.. $10; C. D. Bates.
$25: P, M. Fisher,, $5: R. .M.,Lyman, $5; E.
D Flint. $5: Mattle - P/Selby. S10: O. S. Or
rlck $20; B 3. Hubbard. $10; Charles M.
Cook. $50; Dr. W. D «HuntInRton. $15; D. A.
Spencer. $3: R. L. Stephenson. $5; J. F. Schra
der $10: -K. . C. r Howe.. $5; -Samuel I Hubbarcf,
SSO-'L^'-Tash'elra. $5; B.'.Noyes. $5 ;\ George H.
Collins. $5; John Livingston. $5.
Evening session — Music, TUggs* . orchestra:
Fonp. i Elks' quartet; paper. "Tuberculosis,"
Professor Ward : sons, ladieft' chorus: paper,
'"Trio" Study of Insects." -Professor- Woodworth;
sons?. Elks' quartet; piano polo. . Mrs. Kersey;
music. Riggs" orchestra; finale, ..song, . Elks'
quartet. - •
' Mornlns session — Piano solo. Mrs. I. TV.
Kersey: introductory remarks, C. W. Buck;
»ong, male quartet, Messrs. Buck; Welsh, Ya
ger and Hoyt: paper, "The Red Spider," Pro
fessor C. Woodworth of the State University;
sonc. male quartet: paper. "AKricultural Edu
cation," Professor E. J. Winston of the State
University. ;
Afternoon session — Instrumental selection,
Rlggs' orchestra; paper, "Black Lejr," Pro
fessor-A. R. Ward of the State University:
vocal ¦. duct, MiFS Annie Obermuller and
MIm Julia Klnsty; paper. "Fruit Business,"
Professor E. J. Winston of the State Univer
sity; music, RiBRs" orchestra: paper. "The
Codlin Moth," Professor C. W. Woodworth;
voial solo. Miss Obermuller; song. ladies'
chorus.
Farmers Will Meet at Haywarrts.
HAYWARDS, Jan. 25. — A farmers'
institute will be held to-morrow in Na
tive Sons' Hall. The meeting- will, last
from 11 in the morning until 10 in the
evening arid luncheon and dinner will
be served by the. ladies of Haywards.
Following is the programme:
' Number of children In home Jan
uary 1, 1903, eighty-three; deaths dur
ing year, four; total discharged during
year; thirty-one; remaining in home.
December 31, 1903, eighty-eight.
There are now 125 members in the as
sociation. Total proceeds of benefits
during year, $1969 17.
A cottage for babies was built at a
cost of J5320 60. A well was dug and
tank erected at a cost of $90.
OAKLAND, Jan. 25. — The report of
Ia3t year's work at the West Oakland
Home was submitted to the board of
directors at the sixteenth annual meet
ing: held at the home this afternoon.
The report, which, in the absence of
President Mrs. W. H. Crocker, was
read by First Vice President Mrs.
Grace L. Trevor, showed that the home
is in a most prosperous condition, a
large number of cash donations hav
ing been received during the year.
The report of the secretary was as
follows:
Lnrgc Increase in Membership of As
sociation — Miiny Improvements
Completed During the Year.
REPORT OP YEAR'S WORK i
AT WEST OAKLAND HOME
Wants $5150 Damages.
OAKLAND. Jan. IIT.. — Suit for $3150
damages was bejfun to-day by Earl
Bowley against ihe Oakland Transit
Consolidated and the E. B. and A. L.
fc'tone Company. Bowley alleges that
ft piW of stones was left by the de
fendants in the middle of the road at
Sixteemh and Wood streets, which he
drove over ir. the dark. , His wagon
was overturned and he was thrown
out and his collar bone broken.
Jlnrriugc Licenses.
OAKLAND, Jan. 25. — The following
marriage licenses were issued by the
County Clerk to-day: William Wever,
28. and Mae llorey, 22. both of San
Francisco; John H. Heron, 39, Mon
terey, and Josie F. Chavoya, 26. San
Francisco; Homer G. Fuller, over 21,
and Phebe A. La Motte, over 18, both
of Winfleld, Kans.; Charles H. Lay
man, 23, and Josie Nichols, 26, both?
of San Francisco; Edwin A. Richmond
Jr., 2S, and Dora Joyce, 23, both ot
Alvarado; Charles E. Ford, over 21, A
TVatsonville, and Charlotte lR. Pur
cell, over IS. Oakland; Otto-W. Bay
crd; 41. and Kristofa Nelsen. 29, both
of Fruitvale; Edward Murphy, 65,
and Cecilia Bouse, 59, both of Oak
land.
Vaccination Under Debate.
OAKLAND, Jan. 25. — The Board of
Education has called a special meet
ing for to-morrow night for discussion
of the State Board of Health's order
that children who attend the. - public
schools must be vaccinated
-The seniors and sophomores will hold thc.r
elections on Friday. The seniors ballot-box
will be open between 9 and 11 o'clock and the
f-ophomores between 1 and 4 o'clock. The
seniors will vote on the following named for
officers: President. Scott Hendrlcks and J. A.
Neighbor; vice president. Irving' S. Metzler;
secretary. Miss Eliza heth Arneill; treasurer.
Walter JUaldor: sergeant at arms, Paul and
Rolfe Thel»>n: class oritor. Philip Carey and
Richard O'Connor: class poet. Sam Stow; class
medalist. Robert Roos. The nominees of the
sophomores . are the following named: Presl
flent G. P. Crites,' W. II. Hopkins and W. A.
Henry: first vice president. Miss Marie Met
calf'and Miss Gertrude Friedlander: second
vice president. Miss Phoebe Klnney; secretary.
MIhs Kate O'N'eil; treasurer. G. W. Lauder;
sergeant at arms. P. M. Evans. H. P. Mat
thews. F. ¦ E-. Collier. -F.- W. Stanley; execu
tive committee. W. A. Newman. W. E. Hawley
and A. J. Cocgan.
Through the efforts of Mrs. May L. Cheney,
the appointment secretary, a large number, of
university graduates have recently been placed
in positions In schools, among them being Miss
Caroline Callender. Dr. W. P. Boynton. Ethel
Marston. Margaret • Knepper, Margaret Hlil-.
Elsa-l»ichtenberg. Schone Kurlandzlk. Sarah J.
Lee Thomas MacQuiddy. Florence Mclnerney.
Dorn Mentz. Martha E. Miller, Ariana. Moore.
Guy Needhair. Kdna Newberry, E. E. Wood
and Lulu I. Scott.
Memorial services for Walter Whfte, the
senior whope death occurred on -Wednesday,
were held In Stiies Hall yesterday afternoon
by the Young Men's Christian Association.
Prayer was offered by the Rev. F. A. Free
man of the "First Congregational Church and
eulogies were spoken by Professor Frank
Soule. C. H. Lee and I. B. Rhodes. A number
of songs were sung by a quartet under the di
rection of G. S. Johnson.
BERKELEY. Jan. 25.— John McNaught and
"William Reed will be the speakers at the uni
versity meeting to ' be held Friday morning
In the Harmon gymnasium.
The University ot California Club Is about
to be organized, 150 alumni and officers of the
university having already signed the charter
roll. A Jinks will be held In the first week In
February, when a constitution be adopted
ami officers chosen. Among the prospective
membera are Governor Pardee. President
Wheeler, Professor John Fryer, Professor M.
W. Haskell, Professor H. Morse Stephens,
Professor W. D. Armes, Regents Tausslg and
Irving; J. P. Booth. '80: A. A. D'Ancona, "8O;
II. U. Brandenstein, '90; John R. Cilascock.
'«."»; Judge Sluck, '79; F. P. Dunne. Frank
Otis. '73; J. A. Hatch, '97; I* E. Arnstein,
•00; A. J. Cloud. '00. -and F. W. Altken.'OO.
• "Nlrk" Williams', once a member of the
'varsity bazeball team. Is teaching the game
to the Santa Clara College nine this year.
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
The whole transaction' is an interest
ing feature of the municipal develop
ment of the city and. of- pride in local
ity. The subscribers to the fund are: .
F. Walker $10; Dr. t>errtck. $10: E. N.
Englehart. $10: A F. Coffin $10: A; P. Swain,
$5; John D Eby,' $20: A. H. Hlgfrlns.- $20: C.
F. Weber, $3; F. E. Magre $5; \V. F. Kelly.
$10; E. L. Dow. $10; E. P. Flint.- $10; 'J. F.
WIkkIm. • $10; George * H; Ismon.' $20; C.' F.
Baker. $10: J.C Walling. $10: F. B. HouRh
ton. $10: >G. E.* Nichols $10; L.. . F. Cockroft,
$10; J. G. Hoyt $10; B." P. Searlght. $10; F.
M. Greenwood, $10; W. I E. Dean, $5: 'U L.."
Nichols $10; J. A. Langstrothj; $5; N. M. Mar
tin. $10; W. <le Fremery, $10: J. S. Naismith,
$10; Beach Dean $5: B. J. 1 Smith. $20;.Claus
i-r««r S.V J. A. Brltton. 5 $20: W. B. Dun-
A voluntary committee was appoint
ed.,,with John A. Brittort, general m'aii
ager of the California Electrical Cor
poration, at its head, and with. Charles
G. Yale, William Letts Oliver. A. F.
Coffin, J. H. . McLaff erty. . W.-.B.- Dun
ning and A.' tt Trathen .'.as members.
The duty of this committee", was to. save
the neighborhood,- at'any. cost; from; the
disgrace of the -'.usual ''unsightly fire en
gine house. . ' ; \. . :
The result of the labors of this 'com
mittee >vas. presented to-night. "The
co-mmittee ourchased this' lot, had "the
plans drawn* and left only' 1 " the ; con
struclion^of the buildinz to, the-mu
nlclpal government. After, this is done
the people of. that section will under
take to beautify the grounds by the
planting of trees and flowers and the
keeping of the property In order. The
plans were drawn by Leo Nicholas of
Oakland, and it will now be. the duty
of the Board. of Public Works to let
the' contract and see that the work is
done. ; The construction will cost a little
more than the average firehouse, but
this is more than compensated for by
the fact that the citizens purchased the
lot and.donated^it-tothe city- and will
provide for everything except actual
construction and the apparatus,. which
has already been purchased.
* LIST. OP SUBSCRIPTION'S. .
OAKLAND, Jan. 25.— The people of
Linda Vista have taken the matter of
municipal improvements into their own
hands, and when the city of Oakland
announced its intention of supplying
much needed fire protection for that
aristocratic neighborhood the people
upon the hill decided fhat they would
have a firehouse in keeping with the
architectural condition of the hill dis
trict. The result is the first municipal
ptructure in the city of Oakland the
design of which has been furnished by
the citizens of the neighborhood. The
plans for the new firehouse for that
section were presented to the City
Council to-riight, and a lesson In mu
nicipal improvements has been given
not only to Oakland, but to the State
at large.
In the regular course of Oakland
events it was decided that Linda Vista,
which is the district in which reside
United States Senator Perkins and sev
eral hundred other wealthy residents
of Oakland who are known even better
outside than inside of their home city,
should have fire . protection. A flre
house was to be built and an engine
installed. The residents of Linda Vista
looked with horror upon the ussal barn
like structure that is called a "fire
house," and they decided that they
would have something of their own
style, even if they had to pay for it
themselves.
. 'GIVE IiOT AND PL»AXS. .
Some time ago it was deemed advis
able to make certain changes in the
regulations governing the driving of
autos. The Merchants' Exchange
fathered the move and persuaded the
•Alameda automobilists to meet It half
way. To-day's action by the Board of
Supervisors is the result of a joint rec
ommendation from these two bodies.
While the speed of machines has been
increased, the rules of the road laid
down are: The right of the road must
be taken in passing vehicles; in meeting
an' animal chauffeurs must at a signal
from the driver slow down to six miles,
and at a second signal from the driver
they must stop still long enough to al
low the vehicle to pass.
Fifteen days from date a new auto
mobile ordinance will go into effect in
Alameda County that provides for an
increase of the speed at which chauf
feurs may run their machines from fif
teen to twenty miles an hour under cer
tain restrictions. The new ordinance
was passed to print by the Board of
Supervisors to-day. The changes in the
regulations are the outcome of a con
ference held by committees from the
Merchants' Exchange and the Alameda
Automobile Club.
Oakland Office San Franci9co Call,
1118 Broadway, Jan. 25.
There is. nothing on his person that
gives any clew to his identity. George
Warren, the night watchman at the
stables, states that in making his
rounds at 5 o'clock he discovered him
lying in a stall beside a horse. He says
the man must have entered the barn
for the purpose of finding a place to
sleep and was kicked by a horse.
At the Receiving Hospital Drs. Strat
ton, Kane, Kelly and Emerson were
somewhat skeptical as to the wounds
having been made by a horse's hoof.
The police. have taken up the matter
and are making an investigation.
The injured man is supposed to have
come from Tacoma. He had a pro
gramme of the Edison Theater of that
place, with the name Chickering writ
ten on it. There was also a time card
of the Tacoma, Seattle and Interurban
Railway, with the address 634-636 Clay
street. The injured man is apparently
about 45 years of age. f<
An unidentified man was found lying
near the heels of a horse in the stables
of the Oakland Gas, Light and Heat
Company, at First and Jefferson
streets, about 5 "o'clock this morning.
The man was suffering from three
wounds on the head that will probably
result in his death. His skull is frac
tured near the base at the right side.
He was unconscious when found and
remained in that condition throughout
the day.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Jan. 25.
LINDA VISTA'S PROPOSED
FIRE HOUSE AND ONE OF
ITS PROJECTORS.
New Ordinance for Alameda
County Increases Rate From
Fifteen to Twenty Miles
Whit&ker i« wroth. The wielder of
tho pen declares Policeman George
Brown, who arrested him, was doaf
to all pleas and compelled hint to go
to the City Prison in a patrol wagon,
despite Whitaker'* protesting? that he
vr? not a dangerous character and
could easily prove hla Identity. Like
vise does the author complain that he
was iust 300 feet within the city limits
*hen the patrolman overhauled him.
But all this and much more will Whit
sker have to say when his troubles
<ome before the court on Friday.
OAKLAND, Jan. 2 3. — Herman
Whilakor, author, pleaded not guilty
to-day in the Poli<-*» Court when he
WBS arraigned before Judj?e Mortimer
J?2r.ith on a charge of carrying a con
cealed weapon, to wit: one loaded
pistol. Not only did Author Whitaker
pl*>ad not sruilty. but ho was prepared
for a battle in defense of his plea.
The writer was there with Austin
Lewis, his attorney, ready to shake
the tower of the City Hall in a stren
uous pursuit after justice.
But Judpe Smith's calendar did not
Fhow an open date until Friday and
on that fateful day will bo tried the
case of the Piedmont follower of the
muses.
With Attorney at His Side Piedmont
Writer Prepares to Do Battle in
Police Court.
AUTHOR WIIITAKKU
PLEADS NOT (RII/TY
Unidentified Man, With Skull
Fractured, Discovered in Barn
of Oakland Gas Company
EXTEND SPEED
OF AUTOMOBILE
FOUND DUNG
IN A STABLE
Th>» rrgacroent c.f Mils Marie F. Nolle 'and
Eniil .1. Weber has been announced. The wed
ding ' will take place on January 30 at fit.
Joseph's Church. Miss Noile is the daughter
of Henry Nolle of 171S Ninth ftreft and Mr.
Weber Is a bublnerp man In the West End. .
BERKELEY. Jan. 2.V— The new Girls' Club
that was recently endowed by a committee
from «he University of California has token
the house at J711 Euclid av»nu» and begun
houspk«tplng. Tho m.me La Sclano has been
adopted for It. Mis* Ruby Carver is the pres
ident of the club. Some of ths members are
Mies Dagrrar White, Miss S. M. Burdoff. Mis*
Edith Borrow?:. MSsa Eva Tolinrton. Miss Ois
rte Fri»r, the Mi*s<e* Hampshire and Mlt<s
Wakcbnm. Mrs. A. L. Hampshire is the
chaperon.
The patronesses of the affair are: Mrs.
Frederick Eldrldge Mason. Mrs. George H.
Wheaton, Mrs. A. L. White. Mrs. Frank T.
Kendall, Mrs. Kdward Barry. Mrs. P. L.
Wheeler, Mrs. E. C. Farnham and Mrs. J. C.
Tuckrr.
The Woman's Guild of St. John's Church
Is preparing a muslcale for Tuesday evening,
February 2. Among those who will take part
In the programme are: Miss Mould. Miss El
sie ''ahill. Mrs. Arthur Moore, Miss Hilma
Buttlar. Mrs. Clara Stacey. George Walker,
Kendall Fellows. Thomas Gllmore and H. L.
Perry.
The musical? promises to be a very delight
ful little affair, although the guest list is nec
essarily limited to thlily-flve or forty,
which will Include mostly young people.
Amon;? the well-known singers and musicians.
who will participate in the music&le are:
Mrs. Waltfr Gannon. Mrs. Willis Collins,
Reginald Keene, Wilfred Glen. Ray Hanna.
Milton Schwartz and George King.
Mrs. Percy Clay Black has sent out cards
for a muslcale In honor of her. sister. Miss
Annette King oif San Francisco. Miss King
ras recently returned from a visit to Los An
gclc-s. where she was extensively entertained,
end Is now spending the winter with Mrs.
Black.
Among Mr. and Mrs. King's guests were:
Mr. and Mrs. George Lawsuit of Kan Fran
cit-cn. Mips Jo Lund, Miss Alice Daniels, Miss
Frances Daniels, Miss Gertrude Merrltt.
Claude Pugh. Den B water. Karl Aurbach, T.
D. Afhrom and Dr. Karl Clement of San
Francisco.
Mirs Daniels and Mr. AFhcom expect to be
marri-Hi In tho early spring.
Mr. Ashcom is a comparatively recent ar
?i\al in Oakland, coming here from Washlng
1'in. D. C; to a-.-rept a lucrative position with
the Southern Pacific Company.
Not until the guests \ver»- seated at the uup
ppr table Saturday night did Mrs. Klne .Hm
cii.re the happy secret. The surroundings for
fcuih an announcement were exceedingly ap
propriate. Strings of tiny pink hearty formed
a canopy overhend and from the chandelier
str<>am»-is of pink tulle were carried to the
corner.* of the tables. From the tulle small
silver b»ll5 swayed at the end of silver strings
and wee Cupids were suspended from the
chandelier. The prrtty scene was lighted by
ros»-Fhaprfi fairy lamps and the whole effect
«»s delightful. Pink rose* held salted
almonos »rni carnations of the same prevailing
hue occupifed the center of the board. Th
name cards w»re repeclally admired, each
heart-«hat>ed affair bearing a sketch In water
colors of a pair of colcnlal lovers. On the
Fifi'-bonrd and about tho room violets and
wl.'J currants were arranged with pleasing ef
fect.
The fngasmient just made public is of more
than ordinary interest, as Miss L'aniels la tlie
daughur vl G. U. Daniels, manager uf the.
Oakland linquirer. and is herself a clever
and acvomp!!t-h«"d young woman. Her delight
ful work as ;•. reader is well known In local
soda! circles and many or her admirers have
predicted treat success if sha should ever
adopt th» Mart as a profession.
OAKLAND. Jan. 25.— The en(?apcment of
Ilia Alice L. Daniels and T. D. Ashcom was
announced Saturday evening: at a very charm
ing little affair given by Mrs. Louis King at
her home on Myrtle street. Three years ago
Mi" Daniels announced the engagement of
MrF. King, then MIfs Zella Osborn. si> the
eomplinit-nt was grac-fully returned Saturday
evening.
EVENTS IN iOCIETY
William Henry or William H. or W. II.
Martin (widower) to William Heafey. lot on
SW corner of Twelfth and Union streets. \V
76:8 S 11O:3 W 3.8:4. S 60. K 115. N 17i>::!.
lots' i:; to 15'and portion of- lot 12. blork HI,
map of blccks SfcO. 5«1. 57ft and 577. Oak
land; $10.
Annas C. and A. G. Llnbers (husband) to O.
A. Rudolph, lots 11 and 12 and E 3 feet of
lot 10 block A. amended map University
Park. Oakland; $10.
Sarah Racey (single) to Selon T. and Roxana
Metcalf. lot on W line of Elm street. ICO ?»
of Hawthorne avenue. X 6O by W 123.* lot 40.
map Buena Vista Homestead. Oakland; fit).
O. A. Rudolph to Mary A. • Pierce fwidowy,
all Interest in lot 3. map of Alcatraz tract, deel
made to extinguish authorization to sell, Oak
land; $3.
Alexander C. and Otiv# Kumble- (¦wife) to
Kdwin P. and Hellen M. LittlefleH (wife), lot
on W line of M>ttl« street. 24S/J3 N of West
Fourteenth N 44 by W 125. portion lot 7. block
K>1. Galindo Tract. Oakland: $S00O.
Christina- and John Rlstrem to Hugh B.
McGowan, lot beginning on Echo avenue at 3
corner, lot 14. map No. 2, Glen Echo tract,
portion Dlat 14. etc., N 40 by E 120. Oakland
Township: $S00i ...
John Tuohy to Margaret and W illlam
Thompson, lot 13. block G. map Tuohy'n sec
ond addition to Berkeley. Oakland- Township;
*1«>.
Walter P. Woolsey to Mark T. Ashby. lot on
E line of Wheeler. .'{.HI N of Woolsey. E itVRT..
S S9 15, NW .IS.flrt, N .1.31 to bejrinninff. por
tion lot H of Scovllle Tract as per map Wool
sey street openlnc Berkeley; S2O.
Charles A Bailey <by Raymond II. Halley.
attorney) and Alice C. Bailey to Myron r>.
Greene lot on E line of Seventh street. l.V>
S of Grayson B 44«« NE 1W.10. N 33 5J». W
135. lot 18. block ITS, Grayson Tract. Berfce-
C jiary E. Wilson (widow) to Mary E. Oleson
(daughter), lot on N line of Addlson. street.
157 21 °-S E from E line of rtsht of way of
California and Nevada Railroad Company (as
condemned, etc.. SWJ D. 2S1. 26S t>. 224). Uience
N 1.T7.B4 by E 36-.S. portion of plat 64. XM
lenberger's map of ranchoa of V, and D. Pe
ralta. Berkeley ; rift.
Rudolph and Ellse kutsche (wife) u Henry
C and Jer.nle G. Godfrey, lot on V* line of
Henry street. 40 N of Rose. N 40 by W I3&
portion of lot 0. block 1». property of Ifcrke
ley Villa Association. Berkeley; »10.
Henry C. and Jennie «. Godfrey M H*nry
and Eliza F. Bauer (wife), same, Berkeley;
M. Armstrong to T. G. Armstrong.
2 CS acres berlnnins at i*>int,on line between
lands of Mrs. farah A. Brisker and Mrs.
Sarah H. Tompklns. Si-; B1.35 from intersection
from said '.ln» with lln* between lands of John
Bremvtn and Mid Mrs. 8.. Tompklns and Mrs
S. A. Brtcker. thence SB 7:S.». SW 23H.2. N\V
«0T NW 170.7. NW 100. NW 233. NW 100.63
to be«rinnln*. Brooklyn Xtn«nsbU>: gift.
W. A. and Julia M. Hershiser to Adaline
A. Case, let 2. blork !•'. map of revised plan
of town of Pleasanton. Murray Township; $U\
Same to C. A. Case, lot 1. block K, same.
$10.
L. G. and Mary I. Burpee (wire) to Ell Hen
derson, lot on NW corner of Thlrty-«ecoru1 anil
Chestnut streets. N 300, \V 127. S 209. E 12.
S 100, E 113. Mock «7S. Boardman's map (re
corded January 2J. 1904), Oakland; $10.
George A. and Elmer K. Brown. eiecutor«
of the estate of Ooorse Brown,' to T. P. Balrd.
re- record 797 D. 7s all Interest in lot on SB
line of Schiller street, 1SX:« feet SW of liail
roart avenue, S\V 00 by SE 108, Alameda;
$1000.
Charley G. and Arne Hellstrom to Joseph
Furtadn, lot 7, blork P, KnnwJes and Potter's
sutx'. virion. Kennedy Tract. Kast Oakland; $H>.
Alex Murdock & Co. irorporatiort) .to Al«-x
Murrlock. re -record JKtO D. .J6»5. lot on NE
corner of Butler anil Stanford avenues. X
C5.66. E 147. S\V 150: portion of Jots 1 to
4, block Q. Paradise Park. Oakland; «0.
Jano C.: Jones (widow), by Susie E. Smyih
(Attorney Ednie 0*. Jones as trustee under will
of Andrew Jones) to Frank Damas. lots 11
Vn<l 22, block I), map of Andrew Jones subdi
vision. Brooklyn Township; $10.
BEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Mumctla Count \
OAKLAND. Jan. 23.— A truck driven
by Louis A. Bowen was struck by ;i
freight engine at First street and
Broadway this evening and Bowen nar
rowly escaped instant death.
The truck belonged to J. C. Westphal
& Co. Bowen tried to pass in front :-C
the ' train. The force or . the collision
threw the teamster under the wheels
of the truck, one of whicn passed over
his body and he was picked up un
conscious and taken Jo the Receiving
Hospital, where it was found that ha
was badly cut on the arms and body
and was probably Internally injured.
The truck was wrecked and one of
the horses so badly injured that It had
to be killed.
Bowen is 41 years of n^e and residvs
at 51S Sixth street.
TRUCK WRECKED AND
TEAMSTER BADLY HURT
Coroner H. B. MHirmann this even
ing held an Inquest in the cas,? of the
deceased athlete. P. J. OHiggins. Pui
oeti's brother-in-law; Patrick Puree"
of San Francisco, a brother, and Dr. W.
c». Hmith furnished all the testimony
taken. No evidence was adduced that
tended In any way to explain why Pur
cell sought hi? own life. He had nev^r
given the members of his family or
friends any reason- to presume that he
contemplated suicide. Tho jury, com
posed of F. N. Dodd. John Buckley,
Alois Kist. T. C. Couqhiin. H. C Gal
lagher and William Keeg.in, returned a
verdict that "John PuroeM came to his
death as the result of a gunshot wound
through the head, self inflicted while
temporarily insane."
ALAMEDA. Jan. IS.— The remains of
John Purcell. the once noted all-round
ethlete. who passed away Saturday,
aft^r living for twelve days with a ln>!»:
made by a 3S-caUber bullet through his
brain. \cere laid to rest to-day in St.
Mary's Cemetery, Oakland, in the pres
ence of many persons who had known
and thrrished his friendship In Hie.
High reauiem mass for the repose of
the soul -of the departed was said in
Ft. Joseph's Church, commencing at
10:30 oviock. The celebrant was Rev.
Father T. J. O'ConnelL Occupying
places within the sanctuary were Rev.
P. A. Poley. Rev. Peter C. York*. Rev.
P. J. Bordqal and Mow J. P. Barry.
Those who acted as pallbearers were
William Kergan and E. J. McEUin. rep
resenting California Council of the
Y«.unp Men's Institute; William P.
Glynn and H. C O'Connor, representing
the Hibernia Hank: James O'Brien and
J. A. Kelly. Conspicuous among th<:
numerous floral offerings was a large
and beautiful cross from California
Council.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Ca'.l,
214S Center street, Jan. 25.
Professor Allen C. Wright, professor
of mechanics at the University of Cal
ifornia, found out for the first time yes
terday that it is a violation of uni
versity law to shoot off firearms en
the university ground?. A police officer
was the first man to tell him about it
and to make it all the more impressible
ihe minion <>f the law put the professur
und^r arrest.
The professor protested vigorously
when ihe officer attempted to put hand
cuffs on his wrists, just as if he was
any old common malefactor. He said
he was merely practicing at a target,
which he thought was out of range of
the university. His wife, who was help
ing him waste the ammunition, corrob
orated his statement, but the constable
whs obdurate, though he did agree to
forego the manacles.
The constable escorted the culprit
into thp presence of A. I... Bolton, su
perintendent of the grounds. The su
perintend?nt was as inexorable as his
lieutenant. He found the professor
guilty right then and there and flx^d
th* bail at $10. In lieu of which he
would have to spend the night in tin
County Jail. Protests of all degrees -A
Umperature did not avail with the au
tocrat of the university park.
At last, however, Professor Wright
hit upon the idea of surrendering his
gun as bail and after a lot more of
palavering Superintendent Bolton
agreed to accept the weapon.
When President Wheeler heard about
it to-day he immediately ordered Pro
fessor Wright's release, so that he was
spared the humiliation of sitting in ihe
dock in Justice Edgar's court, along:
with the roprular Monday morning
crowd of misdemeanants. At the same
time Mr. Wheeler promulgated an order
that hereafter first offenses against uni
versity law shall not be punished.
Two boys that were arrested for
'¦shooting craps" on the grounds were
not favored with the same attention as
Professor Wright. In lieu of bail tlvy
spent the night in the Covyity Jail, but
this morning were dismissed on the or
dei of the District Attorney.
Held up by two men who pretended
to be policemen, robbed and t&ra
thrown into a dark cellar and bound
are the items in a tale of troubles
which John Kerrigan, a Berkeleyan.
related to-day to the police as having
befallen him during a belated trip Sat
urday night through Oakland.
Kerrijan is a bit hazy as to details,
but he la positive that he lost $14 and
a watch during his encounter and wa3
given a lively experience to boot.
According to his plaint the Berkeley
wayfarer started on an electric car* at
11:30 o'clock p. m. for the college town.
but the car did not make the through
run, so Kerrigan decided to return to
Oakland. En rout* he says twd men
followed him from a saloon at Twenty-'
eighth street and San rablo avenue
and declared they were policemen. Th~
pair, he says, placed him under arrest
as drunk and dragged him into/a va
cant house, took his. money and watch
and left him bound hands and feet iu
the basement. Kerrigan explained that
he freed himself and crawled away,
but he could not locate the house for
Detectives Shorey and Holland, "who
are at work on the case. Kerrigan re
sides at the Acheson Hotel, Berkeley.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway. Jan. 25.
COKOXER HOLDS INQUEST
Many Friends Accompany the
Body of the Lnte John Purcell
to Its L:ist (testing Place
CRAVE CLOSES
mi REMAINS
Jury Returns Verdict That
the Deceased Sliot Himself
While Temporarily Insane
Victim Declares That a Pair
of Footpads Represented
Themselves to P»e Patrolmen
Absent — Baccus, Fitzgerald.
Meese explained he was In favor of
the ordinance, but voted no, out of
deference to the desires of residents
of the West End of the Fourth Ward.
Thereupon Evans made his speech;
interjecting some comments on what he
termed "gag law."
Wallace if. Alexander, president of
the Aloha Club: J. C. H. Stut. T. T.
Frickstad, C. H. Redington and At
torney W. H. L. Hynes spoke for the
protesting delegation.
The vote on the ordinance was as
follows:
Ayes— Aitken,. Cuvellier, Elliott. Mc-
Adam, Howard. Pendleton, Wallace,
Dornin.
No— Messe, •
"It appears that Mr. Evans has for
gotten himself," said Councilman
Elliott. "He should- comport himself
with more respect to the ' president.
Without asking him to apologize,
which. I believe he should do, I . will
second the motion."
"I believe the president was right in
his actions," declared Councilman Pen
dleton, "but I think we should hear Mr.
Evans and I move he be heard."
"l.know my orders," said the police
man, "and you will go," and out of
the chamber Evans was hustled. Presi
dent Dornin at once resumed the chair
and reconvened the Council, directing
the lobby to be cleared of those who
were yelling. The roll was called and
quiet restored.
EVANS GIVEN HEARING.'
Evans took advantage of the con
fusion in the lobby and among the
Councilmen by yelling -that a mass
meeting be called.
"This room .belongs to you now,"
shouted the former Councilman, "and
we shall hold a mass-meeting to pro
test against this ordinance. The first
thing to do is to nominate a chairman."
At that Policeman John Sherry
stepped up to Evans and ordered him to
retire. -
"I know my rights," declared Evans,
"and I won't go."
Carrying out his threat previously
made. President George W. Dornin
called the Council adjourned and or
dered Evans off the floor: But the
command to adjourn being irregular
and intended as a call* for recess, \v;us
not heeded -by the Councilmen, none
of whom left his seat.
Several protesting citizens had been
heard when Evans appeared and. said
that his voice was raised against the
constitutionality of the ordinance. As
soon as the objection was raised voices
in the- lobby yelled "Gag law." and
Evans joined in the din of yelling and
hooting.
ADJOUUXS MEETING.
Notwithstanding much excitement
and disturbance, with the incidental
ejectment by the police of former
City Councilman Taliesen Evans
from the floor of the Council cham
ber, was the final vote reached. Evans
was forcibly removed from the hall
because he attempted to make a
speech against objection from Coun
cilman Cuvellier. The lobby was
packed. with residents of West Oak
land, there to protest against the new
site.
OAKLAND. Jan. 25. — By a vote of
eight for to one against the City Coun
cil to-niffht finally passed the garbage
crematory ordinance, which carries
with it the right of the Pacific Incin
erating Company to operate its Dixon
steel shell plant on its new site at
Twenty-third and Wood streets on the
West Oakland marsh.
»
Police Eject Taliesen Evans
From Chamber and Hoots
and Cries Stay Deliberations
President Wheeler Releases
Misdemeanant and Orders
All First Offenses Dismissed
SHOOTS ON THE CAMPUS
UPROAR PRECEDES ACTION
BOGTS POLICEMEN'S WORK
Object to Beauty of the District Being Marred by an Un
sightly Structure of Usual Pattern and Furnish Site
on Agreement That Building Shall Be of Pleasing Plan
Passes Garbage Cremator}' De
spite Protestations of Resi
dents of West Oakland
Berkeleyan Claims to Have
Been Robbed and Afterward
Bound in a Vacant House
PROFESSOR PUT
UNDER ARREST
A lion C. Wright, Instructor
at University of California,
Learns About the Law
COUNCIL DEFIES
ANGRY CITIZENS
LINDA VISTA'S ARTISTIC RESIDENTS
SUPPLY DESIGN FOR A FIRE HOUSE
TELLS A TALE
OF BOLD CRIME
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL", TUESDAY. JANUARY 2G, 1904.
4
ABVEBTISEMENTS.
Artificial Teeth at Cost.
We guarantee to fit the hardest
mouths and furnish 1 a serviceable,
natural-looking set of teeth for the
mere cost of material. Teeth VVith-
out Plates a Specialty. Gold." Silver
and Bone Fillings.
EXTRACTION FREE.
CLEANING TEETH FREE,
PAINLESS METHODS.
GRADUATES ONLY.
Week Days, 9 to 0; Sunday?, 0 to I.
Post-Greduate Dental Collage
Saa rranclsco— 3 Taylor Street.
Oakland — 973 - Was&larton Street.
. San Joie-— 45 Eait Santa Clara Street
Sacramento— 407 J Street.
SCOTT'S EMULSION.
NO SECRET.
There is no secret about
Scott's Emulsion of Cod
Liver Oil. The label tells
the whole story. There is a
knack in making it. The
only secret about it is the
secret of its success.
This year, when cod liver
oil is very scarce and high,
all kinds of cheap, inferior
oils are used to take its place,
and all sorts of things. pre-
sented as substitutes. Think
of petroleum being taken as
a substitute for cod liver oil I
— too absurd. Think of the
so-called wines, extracts and
cordials of cod liver oil!
— they are simply the shadow
without the substance,; no
food value in them.
Scott's Emulsion — '" The
Old Reliable" is the same
yesterday, to-day and forever.
Its quality and purity can
be absolutely depended upon
at all times.
"We'll ernd you a sample fre< upos reqnert.
#COTT & BOWSE, <©j Pearl Street, If. T.
II IS IJromluay.
Tc1«i>»»oj»o Main 1063
BERKKfrKV.
2148 Center Street
Trlepltbnc North 77.
ALAMEDA.
HS5 Part Strod.
Telephone l^agle 502.
OAKLAND.
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE TALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTYThe United States Civil Service
Commission announces an examina
tion on April 19. at San Francisco, for
the position of teacher, Philippine ser
vice; age limit 20 to 40 # years. Women
will not be admitted to this examina
tion, except that the wives of male
applicants will be permitted to take
the examination and, if they pass, will
be preferred in appointment, provided
their husbands are also selected for
appointment. Persons who desire to
compete should at once apply either to
the United States Civil Service Com
mission, Washington, D. C, or to the
secretary Consolidated Board of Civjl
Service Examiners, 301 Jackson street,
San Francisco, Cal., for application
forms 2 and 375. .which should be
properly executed and filed with the
commission at .Washington.
Teachers Wanted for Philippines.
A Southern Pacific switch engine
crossing Ninth and Channel streets at
3:10 o'clock yesterday morning ran
over and killed a man bearing the gen
eral appearance "of a laborer. Owing
to the fact that there was a thick fog
or haze on the ground at that time
in, the morning two men were on the
cowcatcher ' to - keep a lookout. They
were notmore than eight feet away
when they saw the man standing on
fclie track, and before the engine could
be stopped he was under the wheels
and instantly killed.
Killed bj* a Switch Engine.
The law firm of Loewy & Guts^h
yesterday filed a notice that it
appear as the legal representative ' of
F. Behrens In all matters pertaining to
the estate of the late J. Henry Dib
bern, the capitalist, who died suddenly
at the Palace Hotel some months ago.
The notice contains the announcement
that Behrens is a nephew of the de
ceased. Dibbern died intestate, and
his estate, which is estimated to be
worth several hundred thousand dol
lars, is now in the hands of the Public
Administrator.
Dibbern's Nephew Appears.
This evening Court Yerba Buena
and Companion Court Yerba Buena of
the Independent Order of Foresters
will have a novelty In the fraternal
lin*» in th«* •otial hall of tbe Shiels
building. It if call?d an "alphabetical
party." It will be followed by a pro
gramme of dance?.
Alphabetical Party.
Machinist Strickland Defies the Al
mighty and Ends His Life by In
haling Illuminating Gas.
I fear no Gcd and low no God. Please put
me under cover just as I am. Dearest mother,
cocd-by and b!«ss you. Tour loving »on.
JACK.
Please send this to 54 Eaut D-ltrick road,
London. England. J. A. STIUCKLAXD.
The foregoing note was found yes
terday afternoon on a table near the
dead body of J. A. Strickland .in the
room which he had occupied for the
last three months at 1292 Turk street.
The body lay on the floor fully dressed.
The key of the gas burner* was open
and the* room was filled with the fluid.
The writing on the note was that of a
drunken man or one dizzy from inhal
ing poisonous vapor. :;. - :
Strickland was a machinist em
ployed at the Union Iron Works. He
was a native of England and 28 years
old. The Sons of St. George, of which
he was a member, will conduct the
funeral. \ -\."
Morphine Causes Death.
Andrew Xolan, a morphine fiend,
was found in an unconscious condition
yesterday afternoon at the Central
avenue entrance to the panhandle by
J. Fletcher. He was removed to the
Park Emergency Hospital, where Dr.
von'Wjertharri found him to be suf
fering from the effects of an overdose
of morphine. He died within an hour
after being admitted to the institution
and his body was removed to the
Morgue. Deceased was released from
the County Jail yesterday morning,
after serving a sentence of three
months for vagrancy.
Dr. Pcarse's Closine Lecture.
Rev. Mark Guy Pearse of London
will give his closing lecture at S the
Young Men's Christian -Association,
Mason and Ellis streets, this evening
at 8 o'clock. His subject will bo "A
Bit of Bread." This will be the last
discourse of this noted lecturer during
his present visit to this city.
Funeral of the Late 31. C. Allen.
The funeral of the late Merton C. Al
len, who was a well known newspaper
and fraternal man, will be held this
afternoon from the Mission Masonic
building, where the service will be
conducted by Golden Gate Camp,
Woodmen of the World, of which he
was an active member. At a meeting
of the camp last night a committee of
four was appointed to accompany the
remains to Petaluma, where they will be
laid at rest in the family plat. At the
funeral there will also be a represent
ation from the National Union and
from the Native Sons of the Golden
West. . ' " •
The executive committee of the
Girls'- High School alumnae held a
meeting at the school yesterday after
noon to make preliminary arrange
ments for the big gathering of the as
sociation in April. About fifty mem
bers were present- The association
has about three hundred active mem-
V»crs at the present time and efforts
arc being made to bring together as
many of the graduates of the school
as possible.
Meeting of Alumnae.
Cures Colds in Mexico.
J*AXATIVJ3 BROMO QUININE. To get the
genuine, c*!l for the full name. 25 cents, f
Charles Mattheas, cigar manufac
turer, was adjudged guilty of contempt
of court in three separate instances by
Judge Dunne yesterday and was fined
$150 in each case, with the alternative
of one day's imprisonment in the
County Jail for each $2. The con
tempt arose in the suit of James T.
Burns against Mattheas. who was per
petually enjoined in 1S93 from using
labels purporting to be those of the
International Cigarmakers* Union. It
was claimed that Mattheas had vio
lated the injunction on three separate
occasions and after hearing evidence
and arguments about a month ago the
Judge rendered his .decision yesterday.
Mattliens Fined for Contempt.
ATHEIST WRITES >'OTE
OF BLASPHEMOUS IMPORT
. Oscar JoUnson, a well known tool
thief, was arrested yesterday by De
tectives Harper and Armstrong and
booked at the City Prison on charges
of burglary and petty larceny. He is
urcused of breaking into a toolhouse
at a new building on Larkin street, be
tween Jackson and Washington, last
Friday night and stealing a quantity
ot carpenters' tools. He also stole
several tools that were lying around
looso. He was arrested while trying
to dispose of the stolen goods.
Toof Thief Arrested.
Judge Troutt decided yesterday that
the infant child of Ella Roberta Smith,
who was born six days after Mrs.
Smith made her will and twenty days
prior to her death, is entitled to one
third of Mrs. Smith's estate, though no
provision for the child was made In
her will. In accordance with his de
cision Judge Troutt made an order di
recting distribution to But for Smith,
father of the child, of only two-thirds
of the estate. In Mrs. Smith's will
she left her entire estate to hor hus
band with the exception of $125 a
month devised to her mother, Ella
Chamberlain.
Child Gets Third of Estate.
A circular issued from the purchases
and supplies department of the South
ern Pacific Company yesterday an
nounces the appointment of- H. "W.
Ellicott to the position of assist
ant manager, to succeed R. Steven
son, who has been elevated to that of
manager, vacated by R. P. Schwerin.
Ellicott held the position of lumber in
spector and fuel agent of the com
pany for u number of years. The lat
ter place, the circular states, will be
hereafter filled by R. L. France, who
was private secretary to Mr. Schv/crin.
France is a young man. who entered
the employ of the Southern Pacific
Company a few years ago as a sten
ographer, but was soon taken into the
office of Manager Schwerin, who rec
ognized the ability of his employe, and
that France merited the confidence re
posed in him is now further evidenced
by his promotion to a position that
carries great responsibilities with it
and has jurisdiction of the entire Pa
cific system of the Southern . Pacific
Company. . '
Changes in the Southern Paciflc Re
si; 11 \\\z From Manager R. P.
Schweiin's Retirement.
XE\V TITLES ARE GIVEN*'
TO RAILROAD EMPLOYES
A. Daudibon, proprietor of ths Ho
tel de Pon, Fifth avenue and M street,
South San Francisco, reported to Po
liceman Gaston on Sunday afternoon
that an attempt had been made on
Saturday morning to set fire to the
premises. Gaston went with him to
the hotel and in room 16 they found
the wainscoting and floor were slight
ly burned and stockings partly con
sumed were on the floor. Gaston came
to the conclusion that from every in
dication an attempt had been made
to set the place on fire.
Daudibon rented the room on Fri
day night to James Roach, and be
tween 2 and 3 o'clock Saturday morn
ing Mrs. Daudibon discovered that the
room had been on fire. Roach was
not in the room, nor did he return,
and it was ascertained that he had
rented a room after leaving Daudi
bon's hotel at John Gered's place, on
the opposite corner.
Sergeant Lewis, in reporting the
case to police headquarters, said that
Roach did not bear a good reputation.
No action has been taken to arrest
Roach.
the Police, but no Arrest Has
Been Made.
A. Daudibon Makes a Complaint to
ATTEMPT MADE TO SET
FIRE TO PRIVATE HOTEL
mission on orders for wine placed by
him. He asks judgment for this
amount and also for 52000 damages
for Klieged injury to his reputation as
:i business man. He says in support
of liis claim that :n filling a number
«»f orders stcured b>" him from guests
at th<; Palace the firm substituted a
t heap wine for the wine ordered, the
coods ordered being the S2me class as
*as used at the banquet / given to
President Roosevelt at the Palace.
Dinmore alleges further that he has
keen d.imarfd to the extent of $2000
more by C. F. Bowen. He Rays the
latter used to call on him at his rooms
at the Palace in an intoxicated condi
tion and thereby create unfavorable
comment.
hi!= cross-complaint he claims that the
Una is itidebted to him for 56000 com-
He sa.ys the notes upon which he
has been sued were given by him to
the firm merely to placate C. F.
Bowen. price president of the concern,
r<nd with the understanding that they
were never to be collected. Mr. Din
morc further states that no interest
was charged and the notes were given
10 appear on the books as an asset. In
:-nythins and alleges that his business
reputation has been hurt because of
the firm's alleged dealings with him.
by the wine firm of Wetmore, Bowen
Ai Co.. denies that he owes the firm
Walter K. Dinmore. resident of the
Palace Hotel and agent for wines, in
an answer and cross-complaint filed by
him yesterday in the suit to recover on
promissory notes brought against him
by Actions of Wetmore,
Bowen & Co.
Kajs His K< -potation Has Been Hurt
\VAI/Ji:U It. DIXMORE ASKS
DAMAGES FROM WIXE FIRM
The theory of accident is based
upon the proposition that the old lady
fell asleep while reading and that the
gas went out. as it sometimes hap
pens, because of a sudden diminution
of pressure caused by air, water or
other obstruction to the flow in the
pipes.
Mrs. Johnson's husband died about
four years ago. She has had financial
troubles respecting her property re
cently. She v/as born in North Caro
lina fifty-eight years ago.
Mrs. Lavinia M. Johnson, an or
chardist of Lawrence, Santa Clara
County, was suffocated in her bed
some time last Sunday night by illu
minating gas. Her dead body was
found In bed in a natural position yes
terday morning: in the residence of ex-
County Clerk William A. Deane at 340
Twenty-third avenue.
Both gas keys on the fixtures in the
room were open and the apartment
was filled with the deadly fluid. The
window was closed on account of the
coldness of the night and the door
was closed, but not locked.
The discovery was made by Mrs.
Kate Waters, Mr. Deane's mother-in
law, who traced the odor of escaping
gas to the room occupied by Mrs.
Johnson. On the bed p lose to*the hands
of the dead woman lay a novel, which
she had been reading before she fell
asleep.
Mr. Deane informed Deputy Coroner
McCormick that he believed the case
to be one of suicide, but he was un
able to give any tangible reason for
his belief, all the facts being Incon
sistent with that theory- He said
that Mrs. Johnson retired at 10 o'clock
on Sunday night in the best of spirits.
Well -Known Prune Grower of Santa
Clara County Meets Death in ex-
County Clerk's Residence.
mks. IiA^^^-IA johxsox
SUFFOCATED BY GAS
The joint Committee on Finance and
Electricity took up s the recommendation
of the Mayor that certain positions, in
cluding that of cashier, be given official
designation in the department of elec
tricity. Chief Hewitt explained that
it was desired to give several employes
certain titles in order that their em
ployment could be legalized and pre
vent the Civil Service Commission from
holding up their demands. The com
mittee postponed the hearing until next
Monday.
Albert P. Schack. a mining engineer,
petitioned the board that the proposi
tion of acquiring a municipal water
supply be again submitted to a vote of
the people. Schack also suggests that
the water furnished by the Sprang Val
ley Water Company be filtered before
use.
The petition of Ernestina Schmidt
that an ordinance be passed making it
a misdemeanor for a bachelor to refuse
an offer of marriage was referred to
the Judiciary Committee.
The various officers, commissioners
and superintendents of city institutions
were reouested to file with the board,
not later than March 1, a list contain
ing all necessary supplies, including
books, printing and stationery, required
for the maintenance of their respective
departments. This action is prelimin
ary to the fixing of the next municipal
budget.
The committee directed the repre
sentatives of the Society for the Pre
vention of Cruelty to Animals to as
sume charge of the pound, an ordinance
having been passed dispossessing H. O.
Irwin, the Mayor's appointee, of the po
sition. The society will receive $500
monthly to conduct the institution.
The clerk Avas directed to cite repre
sentatives of v;ater and lighting com
panies to appear and give testimony In
both investigations. ''
The Board of Supervisors yesterday
adopted a resolution providing that it
will meet as a committee of the -whole
on Monday, February 1, at 3:30 p. m.,
for the purpose of commencing an ex
amination and obtaining such testi
mony as will enable it to fix the water
rates for the fiscal year 1904-05.
The board also decided to begin on
Monday. February 15, at 3:30 p. m., an
investigation for the purpose, of fixing
the rates to be collected during the
fiscal year 1004-05 for heat, light and
power.
A number of taxpayers filed a com
plaint agaiqs't Sthf firm of Lachman
& Jacobi, which, they allege, obstructs
Federal street and deposits rubbish on
the roadway.
The ordinance making it a misde
meanor to operate an elevator under a
sidewalk unless it is equipped with a,
metal guard or device to prevent the
platform from approaching: within six
feet of the sidewalk doors when they
are closed was passed to print.
An ordinance was passed to print re
ducing the width of sidewalks on
Clement street, from First avenue to
Thirty-third avenue, from nineteen to
fifteen feet.
- Grades were ordered changed on
Forty-sixth avenue and I street.
Ordinances were passed to print or
dering street work on Dupont street,
from Sacramento to California, at a
cost of $2000; also on Scott street, near
Grove, and on Frederick street. , near
Willard.
-The board adopted a resolution call
ing attention of the taxpayers to the
fact that it is the intention of the
board to refund the spepial taxes col
lected for new schools and a hospital
upon which no protest was made, if it
Is within its power. In the -event of
such refunding it will involve no ex
pense to the taxpayers.
Action was taken as the result of a
circular mailed by a firm to taxpayers
offering to collect from the city the
taxes on the basis of a 50 per cent
commission.
On East street, between Ferry building and
Jackson street: on Jackson street, from East
street to Montgomery avenue; on Montgomery
avenue, from. Washington street to Union: on
Union street, from Montgomery avenue to Lar
kln street; on Larkin street, from Union to
Vallejo; on Union street, between Gough and
Baker: en Baker street, between Union street
and the north water front; on Greenwich
stret. between Baker street and the east line
of the Presidio reservation: on Montgomery
street, from Washington to Jackson; on Gough
Gtfeet from Filbert to Vallejo: on Vallejo
street, from Gough to Leavenworth: on
Leavenworth street, from Vallejo to Bush; on
Bush street, from Leavenworth to Stockton;
on Stockton street, from Bush to Market.
The route desired includes the exist
ing Union-street line and Its tributa
ries, the franchises of which, are about
to expire, together with certain addi
tional branches so as to bring the
road's*terminal to the corner of Stock
ton and Market streets. The petition
wrts referred to the Street Committee.
The Presidio and Ferries Railroad
Company petitioned the Board of Su
pervisors yesterday for a franchise for
the term qf twenty-five years to con
struct and operate a street railway on
the following named streets:
Mayor Schmitz declined after the
meeting to discuss the report. As the
power to remove is vested in the Mayor
by the charter it is not likely that his
Honor will oust his own appointees on
the Health Board from office. The di
rection to the Auditor not to audit
the demands of the new employes of
the board would seem to be futile, as
the charter empowers the Auditor to
approve all demands, unless the Civil
Service Commission should file notice
of its disapproval of the same.
CHARTER IS VIOLATED.
The testimony clearly ehowed that the mem
r-c:i« of lh» Board of Health rave to the posi
tions created by them designation* different
from those that had already been selected ty
the Civil Service Commission for the express
l.urno'se of violating: and evadlne tte civil
service provi'ions of the charter and as the
nnlv mean* of removing from office employes
that had beer, duiy certified to by— tJie Civil
Eervfoa Commission and of replacing them by
ar-iointces of their r.wn selection. Instead of
ReefcJnK th<?lr anpeintees from the eligible lists
th» BoenUof Health resorted to a change of
d'esU-natJon as a method of substituting the
spoils wfMtem for the system of competitive ex
amination required by the charter.
\cccrdtBK to the new rules adopted by the
toard of Health on January 1) the resident
phvsician of the City and County Hospital is
to bo selected from tbe internes of that hospi
tal nr>cn cor:r»etitlve examination. The im
propriety of entrusting to a recent graduate in
medlfire. whoee solo purpose of residence at
the ho?rital i" to acquire experience in his
profession, with the responsiblliy for the lives
and health of the sick community. Is obvious.
To leave a hospital of over 400 patients from
r» o'clock in t^e afternoon to 8 o'clock In the
morning every day of the year, without the
presence of a physician or surgeon of even one
year's exoerience in medicine amounts to ab
solute Inhumanity.
The economy Is almost entirely confined to
th» list of civil service positions, the salary
roll of which has been reduced J24,G0O. On the
other hand, the salary roll of the list of
offices r.ot under civil service has t>een In
crea«ed J13.C0O. The n«t *avine to the city
for the remainder or the fiscal year will be
$4500. Every consideration of public cafety
demands that the qualifications of every m »n
appointed to th* Denaiiment of Health should
be carefully scrutinized by the appointing
power. Much depends upon the individual rf
flciencv and Integrity of the appointees in the
correct edministraticn of the health affairs of
the municipality. Economy by all means. But
economy at the expense of the health and lives
of the "people of the city never. And is th?
motive for economy genuine? The circum
stance that ail of the pt>-called economy was
effected In the civil eervice department and
that the salary roll in the non-civil service
department was almost doubled leads your
committee to distrust tfce P l *« ot economy.
True economy dots not consist in a blind re
duction of expenses, but only In a wise reduc
ti'-ii of <nieh cipentes consistent with the
proper administration of health affairs. In
view of the fact that the qualifications or th*
men *or>ointed and or those deposed were un
known to the hoard. ther« is not a sugges
tion of evtdence to show tbe wisdom of these
reductions.
The testimony of Dr. Hushes is an illustra
tion or the fact that the qualifications of the
men who wer> removed from office and of the
men w'.io were appointed to office were un
known to the Board of Health, in view of
which it i5 Impossible to believe that the effi
ciency of the department was for a momen
considered.
Th* testimony shows that a number of the
po«itiot.s. created under new titles, are iden
tical in ranee and nature of duties with the
positions abolished and which had been filled
by aDnointment from the eligible lists. That
the assertion that these changes were mad* in
the interests of efficiency is a. mere pretense,
not to be B'rlously considered for a moment,
the most Kuoerflcial reading the transcript of
th«> evidence will demonstrate.
The report says:
CREATION OF POSITIONS.
The vote on adoption follows:
Aye« — Alpers, Booth. Boxton. Brandenstein.
Braiinhart. Connor. Comte, Efgers. Hocks.
Payot. D'Anccna. Rock, Sanderson, McClellan
—14.
Nom— Finn. Kea. Bent— 3.
Kxcused — Lunsted t — 1 .
"This report may condemn." said
Brandenstein, "but it condemns justly.
There never was such a barefaced,
open violation of the charter as that
carried out by the Health Board. The
members of the board openly testified
that they did not know the men whom
they had appointed and had never seen
them, and yet they displaced civil ser
vice elisibles with those men." -
Boxtc-n's motion that the considera
tion of the report lay over for one week
was lost by a vote of six ayes and
tv.-elve noes.
That tl'e Auditor and th» Treasurer b« di
lected not to audit or pay warrants drawn in
favor of the oersons named in the above re
commendatiors, said persons occupying their
positions :n the Department of Health in vio
lation of ths law.
"When D'Ancona moved the adoption
of the report Lunstedt objected on the
ground that the matter had not been
thoroughly threshed out in committee
and there were seme portions of it
which he did not favor.
NOT TO AUDIT DEMANDS.
The joint Committee of Finance, Civil
Service and Health filed with the Board
of Supervisors yesterday its report of
the investigation of the wholesale re
movals put into effect by the new-
Health Board, in which it recommend
rd among other things that the Health
Board be immediately removed from
office on the alleged ground that it has
violated the civil service provisions of
the charter.
The report, after some debate, was
adopted by the vc-tes of fourteen Su
pervisors. The findings of the commit
tee are as follows:
Tour committee rerreta that the Hmlti of
the jurisdiction of the Board of Supervisors
make ft impossible for tUat board to take as
efOctive artion in ths oreaiises as is deemed
warranted by Its findings. Your committee i»
or the ocinion that the maladminl»tra,tion of
the affair* of the Health Department of the
city by the Board of Health Justifies and de
mands the immediate removal of that board.
Confining- Its recommendations upecifleally to
action viithln the province of the Board of
Supervisors, your committee recommends that
your hcnorable body declare that the following
named nersons hold the position* riven oppo
site their names In violation of the civil ser
vice ) revisions of the charter:
I.r-::s tarry, deputy health officer: G. W.
Goodale. WaltJr Jackson. C. A. Glover and
M. J. Walsh, inspecting: physicians ; J. F. Dil
lon, A. is. Adler and Frank Tillrnan. district
health officer*: Henrv Miller and James Rea
der, factory irsoectors; James P. McQualdo,
assistant warden and custodian: B. I*. Ebr
lick, receiving secretary; A. M. Currle, assist
ant superintendent.
Representatives of various clubs
made brief addresses, stating th» needs
of their neighborhoods, after which the
meeting adjourned.
Mayor Schmitz arrived while Mr.
Rosenthal was speaking and was "wel
comed with hearty applause. He said
that he had come to the meeting chiefly
to be Instructed regarding the needs of
the neighborhood and Incidentally re
ferred to the civil service uproar at
the City Hall, explaining that all
changes were made purely in the inter
ests of economy.
At the conclusion of the Mayor's
speech X. B. Greensfelder Introduced
the following resolution, which, on mo
tion of George L. Center, was unani
mously adopted:
"Resolved, That the opening of Mar
ket street from Seventeenth to the
ocean is a public necessity and that
the Board of Supervisors be urged to
take immediate action toward that
end."
Behrend Joost w-as the first speaker
of the evening. He said that ha had
always hoped to see Market street ex
tended to the ocean, and, although he
is no longer a young man, he expects
still to live long enough to have his
hopes realized. He was followed by
Colonel E. D. Eerri, who addressed the
audience on similar lines.
Marcus Rosenthal, the next speaker,
fired a little hot shot at Callfornlans
in general and San Franciscans in par
ticular, who, he said, were too prone to
procrastinate.
At a mass meeting held under the
auspices of the Federation of Mission
Improvement Clubs at Twin Peaks
Hall last night resolutions were adopt
ed urging the extension of Market
street from Seventeenth and Castro
streets to the ocean.
J. D. MKJilvray was granted a per
mit to lay a spur track on the north
side of Tuwnsend street, between
Seventh and Eighth, to connect with
the main track of the Southern Pa
cific Company.
Tho San Francisco Athletic Club was
granted a permit to hold a professional
boxing exhibition during January.
Requiring the construction of ground
floor pipe casing holes in buildings as
en additional fire protection.
Authorizing an expenditure of ?"6jO
to continue the work of cleaning China
town.
The amended ordinance providing for
the Inspection of theaters at any time
by the Mayor and other city officials
was passed to print.
The following ordinances were finally
passed:
*.i**i +s& tii !!tl*nxs jit© from tlir^^ to t^ v*6ii
m-.r - ¦ « Jn beipht and «2join acd *but tc£«b«-.
la irnit caws rnar.y «>f them belr.K centered
In one of ih* hilly districts. ShouM a fire
»t«.rt en & wir.dy day it is possible for burn
lne *mbers to be carried Mocks away end
I*rse er.oush to go throu^h «kylights or cpen
ir>g» cT other biuldirvc*. thus stititlng: ftrn» in
:h* rear of the Fire Pepartrner.t «t work, hfm
rninK them 1n to lhat tb*y ¦would be com
pelled to abandon their apparatus on the
•tr^et. lesvlryt It to burn up.
Thli board chc-j'.d ra*» en ordinance rj 1 -
Ticlng thsi sM baHdinga outside of the cts
Ilrr.ttR fcpreaTter erected over three etories In
h»l*ht *^r!I b<? ccnrtri:c!' > d Tvhcliy of brick or
• t'.ne. which wouM lessen the danger from
fire. We eho»:<3 provide aeain^t this hazard.
tv« have 403» h> c3:am«: ne chould have at
i»EFt COOO. The four and c!s Inch mains
ehculd fce ttken up and larger niatas laid.
An auxiliary fa!t uater tyaten ¦would elso
carry rrolectioa to car citizens in the hour
cT r.ted.
The Beard of Fire "Wardens yesterday
nled Its rerort with the Board of Su
pervisors on the condition of all hotels,
hospitals, lodging-houses and boarding
houses v.ith respect to their safety
against danger from fire. The report
Bays that aimest all of the buildings
used for the purposes named in tho
so-called lodging-house district have
been constructed wholly of wood, which
makes th? danger from fire sreat and
leaves a valuable portion of the city
at the merry of a confiagratiou. The
report continues:
The ordinance providing for the sale
of $5,280,000 in municipal bonds for
various public Improvements " was
passed to print by the Board of Su
pervisors yesterday. The ordinance
fixes April 18, 1004, at 3 p. m., as the
time for receiving bids at the Cham
ber of Commerce for the purchase of
any or all of the bonds. : ¦' '-•
' The bill provides for the sale upon
the IStli day of April, 1904, of the
first ten scries of tho hospital bonds,
amounting: to 5250,000; the first four
series of iho sewer bonds of the re
spective denominations of 5100, $500
and $1000. amounting to $724,800; the
first twelve series of the school bonds
of the respective denominations of
$100, $500 and $1000, amounting to
$1;OT7J6OO; the first six series of the
sti-eet bonds of the respective denomi
nations of $100. $500 and. $1000.
amounting to $1143.000; the first six
teen series of the County Jail and ad
ditions to Hall of Justice bond9 y ol' the
respective denominations of $100, $500
and $1000. amounting to $278,400; the
first eighteen series of the Library
bonds of the respective denominations
of $100, $500 and $1000, amounting to
$739,800; the entire forty series of
children's . playground bonds of the
respective denominations of $100, $500
and $1,000, amounting to $740,000;
the entire forty series of the Golden
Gate Park- and Presidio extension
bonds of the respective denominations
of $100, $500 and $1000, amounting to
$328,000; the entire, for'v series of
Telegraph Hill Park bonds of the re
spective denominations of $100, $500
and $1000. amounting to $596,000, and
the entire fortr series of the Mission
Park bonds of the respective denomi
nations of SI 00, S500 and $1000,
amounting to $292,000.
The board by resolution gave notice
that sealed proposals will be received
at Sp. m. on April 11 for the litho
graphing and printing of all the bonds
of the denominations of $100. $500 and
$1000 in accordance with the speci
fications prepared by the Utilities
Committee.
The ordinance previously passed
to print providing for the issuance
and redemption of the entire bond is
sue, aggregating $17,771,000, was
finally passed and the Mayor immedi
ately affixed his signature thereto.
The Finance Committee resumed its
investigation into the petition of va
rious storekeepers for the return of
license taxes on nickel-in-the-slot ma
chines. Chief of Police WIttman tes
tified that he had ordered the ma
chines taken out of the stores some
time in August. .1902.. It developed
that some of "ftfc^'ih&bblriefVpaid. in
merchandise-and others in money, and
Fire Commissioner Huttoit argued that
all the machines were illegal." The
committee postponed further consid-^
eration until next Monday.
Supervisors Notify Taxpayers
Who Have Not Protested That
Demands Will Be Honored
Takes Final Action on Ordi
nance Providing for Sale and
Redemption of the Series
Boulevard to Begin at 17th
Street, Encompass Twin Peaks
and Connect Ocean and Bay
«
Recommends That Auditor Be
Directed Not to Pay Salary
Demands of New Appointees
Society for Prevention of Cruel
ty to Animals Is Directed
to Dispossess H. 0. Irwin
Supervisors Finally Pass Ordi
nance Permitting Mayor and
Officials to Inspect Theaters
MAYOR FAVORS PROJECT
RECOMMENDS PRECAUTIONS
TO RETURN MONEYS PAID
TAKES CHARGE OF POUND
CIVIL SERVICE VIOLATED
TO DISPOSE OF PORTION
Board of Supervisors Sets the
Dates When Investigation of
Corporations Will Be Held
Presidio and Ferries Kailroad
Seeks Privilege on Exist
ing Iioute and Other Streets
Board of Fire Wardens Fore
. sees Serious Kesults Should
Conflagration Occur in Hotels
Federation of Mission Improve
ment Clubs Urges the Super
visors to Take Prompt Action
Supervisors* Committee Files
Keport of Its Recent Investi
gation, Which Is Adopted
1-oard of Supervisors Passes to
i'lint: Bill Asking: for Pro
posals to Begin Improvements
TO FIX WATER
AND GAS RATES
DANGER FROM
FRAME HOUSES
PLAN DRIVEWAY
TO THE OCEAN
ASKS RENEWAL
OF FRANCHISE
INVITES BIDS
ON BOND ISSUE
WANTS HEALTH
BOARD REMOVED
BUSINESS OF IMPORTANCE TRANSACTED YESTERDAY BY THE BOARD OF SUPERVISORS
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, TUESDAY, TANUARY 26, v 1904.
..The will of the late Joseph Musto,
the marble importer and cutter, who
died on the Sd inst., was admitted to
probate yesterday by Judge Troutt
Maria Musto,. widow of the deceased,
and Laura and Clarence Musto, two of
his children, were appointed executors
of the will, to serve without bonds.
The will disposes. of an estate worth
J600.000. The devisees are the widow,
who jrets one-half of the estate, and
the seven children, who set the other
half, share and'share alike. ~
Musto's Will Adnxhtecl.
5
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Is there any soap but
Pears 7 which has been sold
in two centuries and is
selling in the third?
' Sold all orer the woild.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
To prevent Colds, Chills or Ma-
laria, there is nothing so sure as
the Bitters. It tones up the sys-
tem, stirs up the sluggish blood
and positively cures Sick Head-
ache, Dizziness, Insomnia, Indi-
gestion, Dyspepsia and Constipa-
tion. A fair trial will convince you.
n|FRgW^l£MrT^ArNrn3>
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE DISEASE
OF CIVILIZATION IS
CONSTIPATION.
THE SAFEST AND QUICKEST
CURE FOR THIS EVIL IS
NATURE'S LAXATIVE WATER.
NOT AN ARTIFICIAL
PREPARATION.
RELIEF COMES WITH
THE FIRST GLASS.
ALWAYS ASK FOR
(FULL NAME.)
IF YOU SIMPLY ASK FOR I
HUNYADI WATER YOU MAY ]
BE IMPOSED UPON. {
S9~^^S£"BEBS&S"~SESSQi~SS~^ffi~9~EHHB!D
Always Remember tbe Foil JJamo
I axative ftromo Quinine
Cures aCoM in One Day, Grip in 2 Dayt
";i " : '--'\ ADVERTISEMENTS.
Electro-Chemistry Cures
¦ .¦:>. : ¦ ¦¦¦:¦.¦ '¦"'¦ '* "' ¦ ""*'¦'..''' ' r* '-.••¦+•' •¦¦<;•
¦¦-'' ' : ' - '¦'¦ ESjifsLi : : ' : - .
¦¦-¦ ¦> ¦"¦¦ ¦¦-¦ Jr£rnrr!*&£*t£^' - x *^ **¦'¦ *'¦"-¦¦ i^j JSBVJ&Ufa*)
MI33 S. XT. TATZ^OS.
2016 Paciflc Ave., Alameda. CaL
"For many years I had suffered from
catarrh, deafness and ringing ears. I
think I have used every known treat-
ment. I even tried artificial car drums
for. my deafness. Nothlns: helped me
until I took up the Electro-Chemic
treatment. That has helped me from the
start. It not only has shown its cura-
tive effect on my catarrh and deafness,
but my general health and strength have
also been built up by it.
"To those advancing in years I am
sure there is no treatment in tho world
equal to Electro-Chemistry."
(Signed) MISS S. X. TATT.OR.
2016 Pacific Ave., Alameda, Cal.
KISS TLOSA VOTT.
PACIFIC GROVE, CALIFORNIA.
Cured of Deafness. Catarrh and Rinsing
Ears by Electro-Chemistry
CONSULTATION t-« j-^ 1^* I"""*
EXAMINATION ,» AX - *-* *-*
Specialties — Consumption, Catarrh.
Bronchitis. Asthma, Cancers. Tumors,
Deafness, Head and Ear Noises, Rheu-
matism. Paralysis, Neuralgia, Files.
Diseases or the Stomach. Liver. Kidneys
and Bowels. Special Diseases of Men and
Women. All Chronic Diseases. . .
HOME TREATMENT— ir you live at a Urn-
tanca try to come for a personal examination.
If you can't come, write for instructions for
home examination ami treatment.
ELECTRO-CHEMIC INSTITUTE,
I H8 GBAZrr AVE.. Cor. Post.
¦ SAW 7SANCX3CO.
• OfOce Hours— 9 a. m. to 5 p. ra. and* 7 "to" 8
p. m. daily. s?ur.i2ay!«, 10 a. m. to 1 p. en.
Separate, apartments for ladies und gentle-
men.
| _^ WONOP 0 .
THE BOARD OF
. LONOON WINE MERCHANTS
HAS SELECTED
DRYMONOPOLE
AS THE BEST
! CHAMPAGNE IN THE
A*:. WORLD
BEERS
The Highest Priced but
tho Best Quality.
fiOLD EVERYWHERE. \
HILBKRT MERCANTILE CXX.
Padflo Coast Arrats. ,
$ visit DR. JORDAN'S great (j>
$HUSEUH OF fiNATOMYf
A Cjh iQ5itfmr:sr.t» t ..8*&7a,s.r.cs!. A
T -i -tif Tbe Larceit Anatomic*! Museum in th* \
V Wot lit VVeafcsnse* or Any conttactet Q
. {Kfia due**; p«»i«l»el7r»r».«lftjr thr oldest T
O /SJBil bpcti»iii:ou ii>s Coin. hJt. j& years. 0
A flVgf fi CR. JORDAN-DISEASES C? HEN A
\ Frt W53 Con««i!tinon free und twictly prirat». \
A I jt^fct H ftMlmtnt personally or by levrr. A A
V ¦} nr viy JTtntiv Cwrtio <r»ery c*i«undCTTaie». T
ftp H U« Writs for Book. PBIl.OWl-BT »t A
V * [I »'* BARBIAGE, MAILS9 nil. (Af
Q JDK. JUCDi.N A CO.. lOSt HarfcetSt..*. F. T
&C0.^gg^v
mVpkpt "sir ~ ts^^&EStT
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Prica Lists MaUal
on Application.
PIIZ3H A2TD SAT.T MEATS.
I»C DfWEC It C(i Shipping Butchers. 104
JAj. DU I CO tt tU. clay. Tel. Main 12U.
OIX.S.
HJBIUCATING" OILS: LKOXARD A ELUS.
413 Front »t.. S. V. Phons Main 1713.
PBI3TTUIO.
E C HUGHES, 811 Sansomi sC i. T.
ADVERTISEMENTS..
"The heji Wtlc friend 1 have*
LIEBIG COMPANYS
EXTRACT OF BEEF
USED BY COOO COOKS EVERYWM CRC !
Dr. Lyoiis
PERFECT
ToothPowder
AN EIJEGANT TOILET LUXURY
- 'TJsed "by. people of reflnemont
'SBt over a quarter of a century
t , PREPARED BY\Senator Morgan wants the United States to annex Pan
ama. There is always 'one charming certainty ' to the
suggestions of Senator Morgan.- Whatever he wants no
body .else docs and, whatever he recommends as bene
ficial to himself ; is inevitably harmful to everybody else.
Tonrosend's California dace fruits and
candles, 50c a pound. In artistic fire
etched boxes. A nice present for Eas:»rn
friends. 715 Market at., ibove Call bide '
Special Information supplied dally ».•»
business bouses and public men by th»
Press Clipping Bureau CAllens>. 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1MX. *
This week 25 per cent reduction on
every heater in stock. San Francisco Gas
and Electric Company. 4 IS Post street. •
Look out for 79 Fourth, front of c«le
brated oyster-house. Good eyeglasses and
specs. 15 to 50 cents. •
'Whatever else may be said of John. Alexauder Dowie
no critic will question his shrewdness as* an observer.
During his visit to this city he remarked with something
of unnecessary' vehemence that had he sought favor at
our hands he wouldhaye come as a prize fighter, not as
a preacher. Who will say that he was not right?
Cures Colds In Great Britain.
LAXATIVE BROMO QUININE. To snt th»
genuine, call for the full name 23 cents. • '
Frogs by Millions.
St. Paul and Minneapolis are the
laVgest frog markets in the world.
The total receipts for the past year
from the frog-catchers of the State ex
ceeded 500,000 doien, requiring the
slaughter of no less than 5.000.000 frogs.
Five years ago.no frojrs were ¦hipped
out of Minnesota. Now the business
amounts to upward of $100,000 a year.
A novel Industry hns crown up in St.
Paul and, Minneapolis In supplying the
United. States with frog legs. Frogs are
found In other, Stntea. of course. In the
South the supply will probably never
become exhausted, but there are no
frogs like the Minnesota product for
the, epicure. This Is attributed to the
BBBWWBBBfftWWmMTMlWltlfffftlWit luinim
Several of the rascals of Grand Rapids who 'accepted
public office to dishonor it'; have had the grace to plead
guilty to their -offenses. The prevailing authorities
should display equal candor.' They should lose no time
in punishing the offenders as they^ deserve. The effect
should follow the cause without unnecessary delay in
such »ascs.
THE attitude of certain Senators and of certain
Democratic papers toward President -Roosevelt is
suggestive of reminiscences. They are spreading the
idea that the President is rash/ impulsive, sudden in his
conclusions, unsafe and likely to plungethe country into
trouble. They accuse him of lack of reverence, for the*
constitution and '.being-; unmindful of his duty. Alii this is
intended to obscure his honesty, his frankness and the
force of character which have beeirtjie motive power of
.his administration. He has not scrupled to do right, to
enforce the law, to invoke its vengeance oil the grafters
and boodlerS of his own. party. He has done in these
respects all that a year ago it: was charged that he would
not dare do. and now because he has done it the same
men charge him with rashness.
It is the Panama matter that has set the opposition on
edge. They see the constitution in pefil, liberty . run
ning to cover and our institutions tottering because the
President has followed all of his predecessors in recog
nizing a de facto Government. But in doing this; he has
followed strictly every executive "' and judicial precedent
JACKSON AND ROOSEVELT.
Efforts are being made to associate the great steel
manufacturers of Germany into a gigantic trust. It is
evident that our German friends do not follow current
American affairs with that fidelity of interest which
would contribute to their own advantage. We have. had
an experience with a steel trust that ought to be bene
ficial as a warning to everybody else.
RUSSIAN HILL— A Subscriber, City.
In the earlv days of California, Ions
before the Americans settled in thi3
part of the American Continent, a
number of Russians occupied a part of
the territory along the coast, particu
larly In what is now Mendocino, Marin
and San Francisco counties, and there
were some that had a settlement at the
bottom of the 3lope opposite that which
is known as Telegraph Hill. -As late aa
1S49 there were still to be seen on the
slope facing that hill a few graves sur
mounted by black crosses and bearing
Russian inscriptions, evidently the rest
ing places of .some of the Muscovites
who had sojourned in the old village.
The discovery of these graves by
Americans while going over the terri
tory, before the days of gold, gave rise
to the name Russian Hill to the emin
ence above the graves." a name that ha3
been maintained to this day.
It is suspected in Washington that Germany is schem
ing to secure a harbor in Santo Domingo and that she is
coquetting with the turbulent little island republic with
designs neither honorable nor discreet. In these modern
days of greed and grasping it is a pity the earth is so
small. Uncle Sam may be forced some day to send a
few. of his friends to another planet, where with other
clothing for their spirits they may fight their war ambi
tions into submission. ' . . .
The gloomy mountains of Chile have yielded to the
scientific world a perfect specimen of the ichthyosaurus
and the. professor of palaentology at Berkeley is highly
gleeful thereat. . Redoubtable as was Samson, armed with
his famous weapon, he would pale before striving for
such a triumph as this won by our college investigators
He might try for it, but he wouldn't dare to talk about it.
VOTERS— A., Sutter Creek. Cal.
Emlle Loubet, President of France,
was not elected by the popular vote.
He was elected in February, 1S99, by
the Assembly. At the Presidential
election In 1900 the popular vote for
President of the United States was,
for all candidates combined, 13.061.566,
of which McKlnley received 7,207,923
and Bryan 6,2 r S.133.
Military Japan.
Japan is divided, for military pur
poses, into seven districts, each of
which is occupied by a division. The
headquarters' of these districts are lo
cated respectively at Tokio, Sendai.
Nagoya, Osaka, Hiroshima, Kuma
moto and Sapporo. There Is also the
Imperial Guard, with headquarters, of
course 1 , at Tokio; they are to be dis
tinguished from other soldiers by hav
ing a red instead of a yellow band
around the cap and are a /'picked
corps," who present a very fine ap
pearance. The war footing of the
Japanese army exceeds 500,000 men,
and its peace footing is almost 200,
000; these figures take account only
of combatants. The discipline, cour
age and endurance of the Japanese
army have been clearly exhibited side
by side with the troops of Occidental
nations in China, and have suffered
naught by comparison. The army has
been called "the moat formidable mo
bile land force in the Far East, In
deed in the whole of Asia,'" and "the
best army in the world for its size."
And the remarkable manner In which
the various parts of the service co
operate and smoothly carry out the
general plans has won the admira
tion of capable critics. — "A Handbook
of Modern Japan," by Ernest "W.
Clement. * ' \
RUMMAGE— Emma, City. Rummaga
means properly stowing away the con
tents of a ship. Modernly rummage
means to thoroughly search among
things stowed away In a given recepta
cle. Hence the recent use of "rummaga
sale" means the sale of articles that
were rummaged for in given recepta
cles.
MECHANICAL ARTS — Subscriber.
City. For information relative to # ad
mission to a school where a boy can
study mechanical arts apply to the
superintendent of the Lick Mechanical
School of Arts or the Wllmerding
School of Mechanical Art, both lo
cated in the Potrero.
NATIONAL DEBT— E. N. Q.. Ala
meda, Cal. The national debt of Rus
sia is greater than that of the United
Kingdom. The debt of the former Is
$3,167,320,000. and that of the latter
is $3,060,926,304. The debt of Japan
is $206,799,994.
Anszccrs to Queries.
A MOTTO— Ignorant. Oakland. Cal.
"Nemo me impune lacesslt," the motto
of the Order of the Thistle, is Latin
and means "None shall Insult me with
impunity."
CONGRESSMAN GROSVENOR, in presenting to
the House a bill authorizing the appointment of
a commission to investigate the conditions and
the needs of our merchant marine engaged in foreign
commerce, said: ' "We flatter ourselves that we are a
leading nation in all that makes a nation great, and yet
we are a subservient nation and a helpless nation in
one of the great factors of national wealth and national
independence. Other nations carry our products to the
markets of the world and exact from us a tribute for the
Mr. Grosvenor estimates the amount of the tribute we
pay to foreign ship-owners at $200,000,000 annually. Our
standard as a shipping nation is shown by the following
statement of the ocean tonnage of the leading mercan-
United States 873,000 tons
Italy 1,180,000 tons
-France 1,480,000 tons
Norway v. ..1,660.000 tons
Germany 2,960,000 tons
British Empire .' 14,800,000 tons
We have a -larger foreign trade than any other people,
and yet we have a smaller merchant marine than any
other mercantile nation. As a consequence we have to
pay the heavy annual tribute of which Mr. Grosvenor
spoke. The proposed commission recommended by
President Roosevelt will not have much difficulty in find
ing out the cause of this disparity between our trade
and our ships, for it is patent on the surface of things.
The foreign ship-owner has cheap labor in constructing
his vessels and in operating them, and, in addition, he has
a subsidy from his Government. How can the American
ship-owner compete unless the Government give to him
the benefit of that fostering care ..which has been so
beneficially extended to every American industry on
land? if ' ' && }$?M
OUR TRADE AND OUR TRIBUTE.
Sold His Menagerie.
He s_t upon the edge of his narrow
cot in the Central Emergency Hospital.
He appeared to be deep In thought. He
did not even notice the entrance of the
steward Into the ward; at least he
gave no sign that he knew that the
steward was standing by his side. "When
the latter placed his hand upon his
shoulder and asked- him how he was
feeling, he looked up with a start and
a "beg your pardon."
"I have been trying to think for the
last hour." he said, with a frown, "how
I am going to get out of a deuced
awkward scrape I am in. You see be
fore I came here to visit you I owned
a menagerie. I found myself short of
ready cash, so ~ sold all the animals.
I had an. elephant, an ostrich, a boa
constrictcT, a horned toad, a zebra, sev
eral monkeys, a lioness and a giraffe.
The man who bought them is already
tired of his bargain and has sent them
all to me here, and demands the re
turn of his money. Now I spent quite
a lot of it. all of It, In fact, and don't
know what to do. Suppose you take
them off my hands and give the man
his money.- The animals are all over
there in the corner. S"ou can see that
they are worth quite a lot. The snake
got out a little while ago, but I put
him back in his box. Go over and
take a look at him. He Is a beauty."
"I'm sorry, old man," said the stew
ard, "but I do not think I can help you
out. They won't prevent us from hav
ing a drink, though." And he gave the
menagerie proprietor a dose of "D. T.
mixture."
An American was manager and referee of a Dominican
battle the other day, and to his credit it may be said there
was very little disturbance and no bloodshed among the
combatants. Some enterprising Yankee showman might
import a few hundred of these amusing revolutionists
and star them as a battle attraction. They won't hurt
themselves and can't -harm us and might serve us as a
diversion.
Sores Sponge Fishers.
Experiments are being made at La
Goulette, Tunis, with a new submarine
vessel, invented by Abbe Raoul, the
Vicar General of Carthage, to be used
in sponge fishing. The vessel is made
of steel, and resembles in shape a huge
porpoise. The entrance to the central
chamber is hermetically closed by a
heavy lid fastened with screws, and the
occupants survey their surroundings
through port holes. A long spear ter
minating in a grappling hook, worked
from the Interior of the submarine,
seizes the sponge and deposits it in a
net at the side of the vessel. The craft
is propelled by electricity fiirnished by
accumulators through a cable attached
tea vessel on the surface, with which
It is in constant communication by
means of a telephone. The vessel is
lighted by electricity, and a lamp hang
ing in *he bow lights up the surround
ings while the sponge fisher Is beneath
the water. Three men may easily de
scend in the vessel at the same time.
The *.bject of the vessel is to reduce the
great mortality among sponge fishers.
Success.
Success — to-morrow's child! Thou art
Just beyond our hopes and fears.
Just beyond our foolish tears.
Just beyond our aching heart.
Thou phantom sprite of ages! For thee
Oalleons speed o'er the sea afar;
Brave armies thunder forth to \rar;
Strong hearts are bowed before thy knea
With wounded pride and battle scar.
Just at the comingr of despair,
When all the world seems dead and
lost.
When life's wide sea Is tempest
tossed.
Behold! we turn and thou art there.
Paying back the year's full cost.
Oh, Success! To-morrow's child thou,
art—:
Just beyond the rain of tears.
Just beyond our hopes and fears.
Ju3t beyond our aching heart.
PAUL. DV SHAY.
clear, cool water which is found in
Minnesota's 10,000 lakes In which .the
frogs live and have their nesta. Frog
legs are purchased all through the
States by shippers from the two cities,
and this occupation gives employment
to more than one hundred families, who
make a good living the year around.
Ccmixg Catastrophes.
By FREDERICK WKKiHT.' A. M.. I-I*O..
Author of '•Man and ;!w GUiial IV-rioJ," A*i-
at!c lli'.=slo." etc.
Gopyriibt. 1904. by Jovepta J*. B>rw:*».
Reasoning frcm the principles of the
pretty generally accepted nebular hy
l«othcsis the eud of the world is to be
i eat lied very gradually through the in
creasing reijrn of fold and the length
ening of the earth's dcy. For it is evi
dent that the sun cannot keep on radi
ating heat at the present rate, or. in
deed, at any rate, forever. As Lord
Kelvin has well paid, we knov.- that the
run is cooling off just as certainly as
we should know that a hot stone which
ve encountered in a field was cooling
off, though we had not seen it long
enough to measure the rate of its cool
.ing;. H*=>at is not a permanent quality
of any known object. The sun must be
losing its heat, and hence in time will
become a cold and lifeless object.
If things continue to go on as they
now do, astronomers tell us, the. sun
will lose its life-giving heat long be
fore 12.000,000 years have elapsed. Like
all other cooling bodies, the sun must
be diminishing in size. Its diameter
must be contracting. Xewcomb esti
mates that in less than 5,000,000 years
th*> sun's diameter will contract to one
half its present length, so that the sun
will occupy only one-eighth of the space
it now occupies. It is hardly possible
for it after that to continue to furnish
as muoh heat as it now does, but it
must then cool off with great rapidity.
Th:s reasoning is based on the suppo
sition that the sun is not yet a solid
l>qdy. but is so hot that its mass is still
in a gasHius state. But the force .of
gravity uix>n the pun is so great that
the fras is compressed into a much
smaller proportionate compass than it
is on the earth. The force of gravity
on the surface of the sun is twenty
seven times that on the earth, so that
a man weighing 150 pounds on the earth
would weigh nearly two tons on the
Fun. So great is this pressure of grav
ity on the gases of the sun that they
are reduced to one-quarter the density
of the solid nucleus of the earth. But
fo long as the nucleus of the sun con
tinue? to be paseous it will continue to
prow hotter as it diminishes in size. So
soon, however, as it loses sufficient heat
to allow the material to take on the
soifd form, a crust will be formed and
the radiating heat will rapidly dimin
ish. Probably also the heat radiated
will diminish long: before that time,
even though the sun is growing hotter,
because cf the diminishing size of tho
..The only wav that Ih** astronomers
can see to avoid this slow paralysis of
the sun. and so of the whole solar sys
tem. is that lately proposed by Profes
sor Langley in a sensational article de
picting what would happen if a dark
world moving at an incredible speed in
space should come so near our sun
that the two would collide. In this case
the original heat of the sun might be
restored, but the catastrophe would
practically produce such an expansion
of its volume and such an Increase of
5ts radiating power that everything on
the earth would be burned up, produc
ing about such phenomena as are de
scribed by the Apostle Peter. Indeed,
the resemblance between the words of
the apostle and the theory of the
Washington astronomer was as strik
ing as it was unexpected, so much so
that some readers may not know from
which source the following quotation is
taken:
"The heavens shall pass away with
a great noise, and the elements shall
be dissolved with fervent heat, and the
earth and the works therein shall be
burned up."
But the suggestion of the astronomer
was pure speculation. There are no ap
parent signs of any such approaching
catastrophe as Dr. Langley suggests
.as possible. At any rate we may settle
down to the conclusion that bo far as
r.stronon":ica3 forces are concerned the
present order cf things will not be dis
turbed for three or four million years.
But an equally gloomy prospect is
before the world in the distant future
from another cause which is in slow
operation. The length of the earth's
day is slowly increasing through the
retarding influence of the tides pro
duced by the moon. To be sure^this
effect is so slight that it has not been
directly perceptible since . accurate
methods of measuring the time of the
earth's revolution on its axis have
been observed. But that It must be
taking place is as sure as that friction
will stop a railroad train when the
steam Is turned off. J
The tides raised by the moon's at- |
traction are distributed by the conti
nents so as to present many anomalies,
but v/ben considered in themselves they
act the same as a wave three feet high
constantly running in an opposite di
rection to the revolution of the earth,
and po by friction retarding its motion.
Astronomers are agreed, that similar
tides i.roduced on the moon have re
duced her revolution on her axis to a
period of twenty-eight days. Eventu
ally the revolution of the earth will be
reduced eo that our day will be several
tln:es longer than now. When that time
comes the nights will be 50 'cold that
nothing can stard It. anJ if they could
the days will be so hot that what was
Inf t by the cold would be destroyed by
the heat. Eut that time, also, is so far
in i th*» future that the present genera
1 !on may put it out of their minds.
This catastrophe will not arrive for
many million years yet. Indeed, be
fore that time arrives the saa will have
become so far cooled off that we shall
WHILE listening to the speeches and addresses
following their banquet on Saturday evening
the members and the. guests of the Chamber of
Commerce had no occasion to pray that good digestion
might wait on appetite. The words of the speakers and
the arguments and statistics that supported them were
sufficiently good to promote the digestion of a pessimist
had one been there. Certainly there was abundant rea
son for feeling well over the work of the past and the
prospects ahead, and the banquet may be ranked as one
of the most successful and most felicitous of our civic
feasts. \
Without undertaking a review of the work done by the
chamber it will be worth while to give attention again to
the results of all the energies that have tended to the
upbuilding of our city as expressed in some of the figures
given in the report of President Newhall. Summing up
our industrial and financial advance during the past year
he said:
"This has been an unusually active year in the history
of the cit3', there being 552 more sales and $314,645 larger
valuation than the previous year, which was supposed to
be the banneV year. The mortgages of 1903 aggregate
$30,889,988. while the releases amount to $21,346,699, thus
making the net sum borrowed $9,543,289. In other words,
there was $47,710,157 invested in San Francisco realty
during the year and only $9,543,289 of the total amount
was borrowed, showing clearly that $38,166,868 was ab
solutely new money invested in real estate in the city and
county of San Francisco. The exports from San Fran
cisco by sea during 1903 amounted to more than $50,000,
000 and the imports to more than $36,000,000, showing a
large balance in our favor. Our bank clearances have
steadily increased. While in our annual report last year
we surpassed all other years in these clearances, yet for
the year 1903 we have again taken a step forward, as the
clearances amounted to $1,520,198,692, an increase of $146,7
836,656 over 1902. or more than $12,000,000 per month.
The manufactures in San Francisco during 1903 we esti
mate at a little over $150,000,000 in valuation. While our
customs collections show some difference, they should
have amounted to over $9,000,000 if the duty on coal and
tea had not been removed, but they did actually show
$7,621,160. The population of. the city is steadily increas
ing and is now estimated to be between 440,000 and 450,
000 people."
That is an excellent showing for a community whose
people are reputed to be more busily engaged in finding
fault with one another than in working for the common
good. As. a matter of fact we appear to have left behind
us the old-time fights and jealousies to a very large ex
tent and are now doing about as much co-operative work
as any other city of anything like equal size. Evidence
to the effect can be found not only in the work of the
Chamber 6f Commerce, but in that of the Board of Trade,
the Merchants' Association, the Manufacturers' and Pro
ducers' Association, the Promotion Committee and kindred
organizations. In fact we;:have now developed a fairly
strong spirit of civic patriotism among our leading men
and may confidently count upon an even greater advance
this year than that which has been so creditable 'to us in
the year just closed. y ¦
Mr. Bunker's report from Washington gives a similar
good report of the feeling among Pacific Coast repre
sentatives there. He says: "The Representatives in Sen
ate and House of the several Pacific Coast States and
Territories are working harmoniously for Pacific Coast
interests. They have learned, through varied experience,
that desired wholesale legislation may only be secured
through united effort. There is a disposition to pool is
sues and pull together. The men .from the Pacific realize
that division of sentiment means defeat; they realize
that the administration, the great departments, the Sen
ate, the House and the bureaus that influence legislation
have been too ofteri halted by prejudiced protests. The
men from the Pacific realize that their respective constit
uencies have a community oi interest. They are no
longer pulled to and fro by local prejudices. They work
together for Pacific Coast progress. It is to-day as it
should be. all for one and one for all."
Reports of that kind fit well to the mood of a banquet,
and they will fit equally well for starting the work of the
new year. They mean business. Bright as are the pros
pects ahead the future is not without clouds upon the
horizon. Much as was done last year, there remains
much more to be done. San Francisco is to have a spe
cial exhibit at St. Louis. That is one of the things to be
taken hold of at once. Governor Brady of Alaska re
minded the merchants that in all their enterprises up to
this time they have neglected the wonderful markets and
fields of Alaska. That also should be attended to. So
the new year has its work ready marked out for it. We
must neglect nothing. A metropolis is not a gift of na
ture. It is the work of human energy wisely, directed,
and surely with the sanguine feeling founded upon what
has been attained in the past our merchants and manu
facturers can meet the difficulties which this, year brings,
with a full confidence in their ability to conquer them and
bend them to the service of the city.
be indifferent to everything else that
happens.
Another limit to the future of the
habitable portion of the ear^h is
brought to light by. the rapid progress
of erosion that is going on all over the
land surface of the world. Wallace
estimates "that one foot of the earth's
surface is. on the average, washed
away by the streams every 3000 years
and deposited at the bottom of the
ocean. This amounts to more than
300 feet in a million years. As the
main elevation of North America is
74S feet, and that of Europe 671 feet,
it follows that by the operation of
present forces JEuro»>e will be washed
into the sea in 2,000,000 years and
America in 3.000,000 years. What
providence has in store for us afti?r
that no one knows. If the sunken
portion shall rise at the end of that
period, as it did at the end of the
coal period, there will be dry land to
live on. but it is doubtful if it will have
such stores of iron and coal as have
blessed the present race of human bc
injrs. /
There are two other sources of heat
to which we may look with much
confidence and hope. It was more
than a dream of Ericsson to invent an
engine which could be run by collect
ing 1 tho direct ravs of the sun thrdugh.
immense sun dials, thus generating the
heat necessary to set in motion the
wheels of industry. But the success
ful carrying out of his plans would
necessitate the transfer of our Kre.it
manufacturing centers to the rainles3
regions of the world, where perpetual
sunshine prevails. It, therefore, wi'l
not be impossible that the desert of
Sahara and the sandy wastes of Cen
tral Asia shall in the future usurp the
place now assumed by the localities in
proximity of the great coal fields of
the world, while the latter become
overgrown with briars and brambles
like the mounds of many an ancier.t
center of civilization. The deserts of
Central Asia, which lie in prox
imity to great mountain systems with
abundant vegetation and water sup
ply, certainly afford attractive situa
tions for such manufacturing indus
tries.
Still another possible source from
which we may draw indefinite quanti
ties of heat and power is to be found
in the heated center of the earth. As
we descend below the surface of the
earth the temperature rises on an
average of one degree in sixty feet. At
a depth of two miles therefore the
temperature of boiling water would be
reached and at a depth of five miles a
temperature of more than 4 00 degrees.
It would therefore not seem by any
means impossible to bore into the
earth deep enough to make a portion
of its heat available for all ordinary
purposes. A stream of water let down
to these depths through one pipe and
brought up in another might be made
to warm a city or to generate steam
enough to run any amount of ma
chinery-, from which electricity could
he developed producing the highest
known degrees of heat for all pur
poses.
The world, however, is concerned
with impending catastrophes nearer at
hand. The prosperity of the present
time is largely due to the rapidity with
which we 4 are using up the reserved
stores of nature upon or near the sur
face of the earth. We have had cheap
fuel for the last half century because
we are having access to coal mines
through new methods of mining and
transportation. The prosperity of the
British empire rests almost wholly on
the freedom with which she is using
up and selling her limited stores of
coal.. Xot only does her coal set in
motion the innumerable wheels and
spindles in her manufacturing towns,
but it goes to all the ends of the earth
for the accomplishment of the same
object. But nothing is more certain
than that this supply is limited and
that before another half century is
over her fields of coal will, at the
present rate of decrease, be exhausted
and England be reduced to the con
dition of a pleasant watering place,
where life can be enjoyed by a limited
number of well-to-do people, but
where no great industries can be
profitably carried on.
Already the 'command of the world's
markets afforded by cheap and abund
ant coal is passing to the United States.
But at the rate at which we are usirg
this precious commodity our own re
serve stores will be exhausted in 200
years, which is a very short time in
the life of a nation. The coal fields of
China, when that conservative country
is opened, will last not much ' longer,
while the coal fields of the world be
sides are hardly worthy to be taken
into account.
What may come from discoveries of
gas and oil no one can certainly fore
tell. But so far the supply of these
precious commodities has proved to
be limited. The supply is kept up by
the discovery of new fields. At the
same time wood, both for fuel and for
other purposes, is disappearing as rap
idly as this wasteful age can use and
destroy it. The timber, supply of the
United States will . be practically ex
hausted before this generation has
passed off the stage, and the next gen
eration will have to build of brick and
iron. The forests of Canada will, how
ever, remain to draw upon for a few
years longer, while those of Siberia
will scarcely do more than supply for
an indefinite time the wants of the
rapidly increasing r population of the
I Russian empire. The forests of China
were Ions ato exhausted. China is a
country of treeless mountains. And
such will the whole civilized world be
soon unless forest culture is resorted
to by the governments. There remain,
indeed, the forests of the tropical re-
Kions to which we may look with hope
for the distant future. But their full
utilization will ' probably involve a
transfer of the centers of population
from the temperate zones to regions
where so far. man has not been able
to so withstand the enervating Influ
ences of a warm climate as to rise to
his highest standard of excellence.
Rewards of Merit.— "Over in
Paris they are going to erect a monu
ment to the carrier, pigeons that ren
dered such important service during
the siege."
"That's srood. Now* let England get
In line by erecting a monument to the
Missouri mules that kept South Af
rica in the empire."— Chicago Record-
Herald. :
A Gentle Hint.
To men who hunt and shoot and
flsh for the food that sustains life the
statutes on the subject of game pres
ervation appeal with about the same
force that the revenue laws do to a
Carolina "moonshiner."
A State game warden had a call re
cently to invade a remote interior
county of this State, far from the
beaten track. Before the officer left
the railroad station for his long horse
back plunge into tjie forest and moun
tain country he was 'warned against
the sentiment that existed among the
settlers therein against official inter
ference with their pursuit of the
gamy trout or the toothsome deer.
Likewise was the warden informed
that it was a certainty his identity
would be known longf before his jour
ney was half completed.
With these words of counsel the
rider set forth. True to prediction
the warden met . the reception his
friends had prophesied would be his.
On a lonely trail through a brush
buried gulch there was a sudden sharp
"ping" of a rifle shot. Snapped off the
saddle went the horn, severed by a
bullet as cleanly as if done by a saw.
"Whence the missile .came, whose
hand pulled the trigger, are yet to be
told. The significance of the warning
message of lead was so fully Impressed
upon the vigilant game -warden that
he turned around on that pathway,
headed his horse for the railroad and
decided that so far as he was con
cerned the application of the game
laws to that region was a dead letter.
One Touch of Nature.
An editor on one of the, morning
dailies relates an Incident which,
though somewhat comical, has a dash
of the pathetic and goes far to show
that a love of country is still a realiiy
and tingles alike in the breasts of all
men. The editor had a Japanese serv
ant employed at his home who gave
entire satisfaction and seemed well
pleased with his position. A few morn
ings ago the customary signal to break
fast was not received and a visit to
the Jap's room showed that he had
vanished in the night. Pinned to his
pillow was the following note, which la
given literally:
"Dear Master:
"I go home. I po kil Rusa. My
brother go. My cosin go. My friend
go. All go kik Rusa all hell. Kil Rusa!.
no good Japan. All love Japan. All
di Japan. I di Japan. You good mas
ter. Good house. I di Japan. I kil
Rusa, I come you house. You good
master. Good day. K. MARISTO."
CHAMBER OF COMMERCE BANQUET.
in our history. The Supreme Court, whenever the issue
has come before it, has recognized, the Government de
facto of the Confederate States during our civil war. Not
only has it been recognized as a national Government,
but the State and municipal governments, subordinate to
and deriving from it, have been judicially recognized.
The idol of the Democracy is Jackson. The idols of
that party are not elected until they have been dead a long
time. The most eminent Democrats fought Jackson
while he was alive and he had to season in his grave a
long time' before he took his pedestal and had a day in
the Democratic calendar. To this day he is contemned
in his native State, South Carolina, where Jackson day
is passed unnoticed. But he is generally higher in the
calendar, of party saints than any other, leading Jefferson
It is interesting that during his lifetime he was con
demned for the same characteristics that are now
ascribed to President Roosevelt. Calhoun . fought him
with all the venom of his soul. Among Calhoun's leading
reasons was Jackson's invasion of Florida, a Spanish
province, and his practical arrest of the Spanish Governor
andhis threat to supersede him. Predatory Indians were
armed for assault on American settlers on our side of the
line by that same Governor. After a raid they would
return to Spanish jurisdiction and defy pursuit. Jackson,
in military command there, followed them into Spanish
territory and gave the Dons a scare that put an end to
the raids. •
On this Calhoun never ceased to harp. ; He cited it as
evidence that Jackson had no respect for international
rights nor, for the constitution. But Jackson made our
border settlements safe and paved the way for the ac
quisition of Florida by the treaty of 1819, and when he
became President had the satisfaction of having under
his jurisdiction the territory that he had invaded as a
soldier.
The Calhouns in the Senate are now practically re
peating the same charges against President Roosevelt,
who has the confidence and support of the country just
as Jackson had. There are reasons for believing, how
ever, that the opposition to Roosevelt is less sincere than
that to Jackson. Calhoun's successor, Tillman, has been
fighting the President; but when asked by Senator
Spooner what he would have done in the Panama case had
he been President replied impulsively: "I would have
said to Colombia. 'You are a mangy lot; get off the face
of the earth; we will take the country and build the
canal.'" That is the real sentiment of all of the Presi
dent's opponents, and their opposition is perfunctory
only, and the country is tired of it.
THE SAN FRANCISCO, GALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY, 26, 1904.
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor . ? . . V .,; . . . Address All Communications to JOHN McNAUGHT, Hanager
Publication Oflice <J^^^^> Third and Market Streets, S. F.
) TUESDAY. .-...; .JANUARY 26, 1904
6
INSTRUCTIVE STUDIES
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMEN
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMESJamea Kelley. the so-called neero na-
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Jan. 25.— Charles
Henry . Thompson, an assistant in the depart
ment, of botany, will leave the university Boon
to accept a position with the Missouri Botani
cal Gardens ¦ at St. Louis.
"I want to sit at the table and sleep
in a good bed," said Naary. "I Hke
San Francisco, and I intend to stay
here. When I made up my mind to
give up my mission yesterday I looked
for a job, but could not find one. Then
I asked a policeman for aid and he
put me in jail." . >
"What kind of a mission Is it that
you have?" asked the Judge.
- "Well," said the soldier of God. "I
carry six books with me. Two of them
are dictionaries of the Knglish - lan
guage, three of them are Catholic cate
chisms and the sixth Is the sayings of
Joseph Smith of the Church of the Lat
ter Day Saints of Mormon."
"This fellow is evidently 'bugs,' " said
the Judge tersely. "The vagrancy
charge will, go over until the brain
sharps have a chance to pass on the
throbblngs of his thinking tank. Com
mit him to the Lunacy Commission." .-
Michael J. Naary told Judge Fritz
yesterday that he was a soldier of God
and had a mission. For years he had
stuck to his missloni undergdlng al
most Inconceivable hardships. It was
a mission among families, and he trav
eled all around the country and
through it, spreading his gospel. But
he could "no longer carry his burden
and his spirits had fallen through."
"Why, yesterday," he said, "a woman
wanted me to eat my dinner out in the
middle of the street, and last week a
man made me sleep In the barn."
"Where do yqu want to eat?" asked
the Judge.
Vincent Le Corvee, who was held to
answer "by Police Judge Mogan last
week on a charge of murder, appeared
before Judge Cook yesterday and was
arraigned. When he was asked to
plead Attorney Cogmet asked for a con
tinuance of ten days. The Judge re
fused it and Gognet asked for five
days, which the Judge also refused.
"I insist upon a continuance," said
Cognet, "and I ask for no courtesy
from the District Attorney. I intend
to argue the question of. jurisdiction,
as I believe the courts of this State
have no right under the treaty be
tween this country and France to try
this man."
The Judge said he would grant a
continuance for one day In accordance
with the law. and the defendant must
be ready to enter his plea to-day.
The defendant was a. sailor on the
French vessel Vercingetorix and is ac
cused of -haying killed Vincent Le
Meur, another sailor, on the night of
January 12. The question of Jurisdic
tion was raised in the Police Court, but
Judge Mogan - overruled it. The Dis
trict Attorney is anxious for a speedy
trial, as the witnesses are all sailors
on the vessel and she may leave this
port any day.
Vincent Le Corvee Arraigned and Con
tinuance of One Day Given
to Plead.
INSISTS UPON* SPEEDY
TRIAL OF jtURDER CASE
The ladies of the Deutscher Club
will hold a leap year reception at
Golden Gate Hall 625 Suiter street,
on Wednesday evening, February 17.
All the members of the organization
ere invited to attend.
I-ieap Year Reception.
The Mission Turn Verein will hold
its annual masquerade ball at Mission
Turner *Hall. Eighteenth and Valen
cia streets, next Saturday evening.
Prince and Princess Carnival will lead
the grand march at 9 o'clock and
dancing xvill be the order for^the bal
ance of the night.
Will Give Masquerade.
This week 25 per cent reduction on
every heater in stock. San Francisco Gas
and Electric Company. 415 Post street. •
Her evident respectability appealed
to Judge Mogan, and he allowed her
to go without, imposing punishment.
Before doing so he warned her against
late suppers, and told her that next to
late automobile rides he considered
them one of the most dangerous insti
tutions that could be Indulged in.
Etta Donovan is a stagy and strik
ing looking woman who Etta late sup
per—this brand of joke is worth $11 an
ounce — in company with a male ac
quaintance, .whose name she begged not
to be forced to divulge. Judge Mogan
allowed her plea when she appeared be
fore him yesterday to explain about the
events subsequent to the supper.
When the meal had been finished the
banqueters, having dined not wisely but
too well, boarded a deep sea-going hack
and started to visit the Barbary Coast.
At a fashionable resort conducted by
"Manila Jack" on Pacific street one of
the "loidy" inmates made some dispar
aging remarks about the set of the
Donovan gown. Something was doing
Immediately. The women fought their
way into the street, while the gallant
escort climbed down into the sewer and
disappeared from view. The Donovan
woman got the decision, but her fight
ing blood was up and she looked for
more worlds to conquer. When Police
man Shein tried to get her to leave the
field of battle she positively refused to
move. Then Policeman Holmes argued
with her, but she still resisted. It final
ly required four policemen to convey
her to the City Prison In a patrol
wagon.
John Trayem, recently arrived from
Nevada, invaded a phonograph estab
lishment at 1123 Dupont street. Amoiig
the attractions is a stand of canes, and
for 10 cents one may purchase five
rings to throw over the canes. If one
makes a ringer a splendid Colorado al
falfa cigar is given. Trayem purchased
the privilege of trying for the cigar,
but he spurned the rings. Instead he
unlimbered a- formidable revolver and
fogged up the place pretty .plenty. He
was convicted by Judge Conlan yester
day of carrying a concealed weapon
and discharging it within the city lim
its, and will be sentenced to-day.
First Assistant United States Dis
trict Attorney Edward J. Banning is
lying seriously ill at his home on Cas
tro street with severe complications
following an attack of the grip, with
which he was seized several weeks
ago.
Attorney Banning Seriously 111.
Cures Colds in Germany.
I.AXATIVK RKOMO QUININE. To get th<
Kenuin<\ tdll for th<» full name. "J5 cents. •
Las Tarrosas Parlor, Native Daugh
ters of the Golden West, will give its
first anniversary ball in Golden Gate
Hall to-morrow night. This is one of
the youngest of the local parlors and
is composed of many young women
who are earnest workers for the order.
Las Tnrrosas Anniversary.
Joseph Richardson and Tommy Ryan,
two evidently honest young men, were
brought before Judge Mogan yesterday
because they were found early Sunday
morning asleep in the rear of the Em
porium over a grating where steam
exhaled a warmthful atmosphere. They
tcld Judge Mogan that the previous
night they had sought the shelter of the
City Prison as lodgers, and did not care
to abuse the hospitality of the police.
They said they were without funds but
were earnestly looking for work, and
that instead of asking alms they pre
ferred the rough comfort of a warm
grating for their slumbers.
Judge Mogan told the singer that if
he would seek the hay wharf he would
be able to mingle with congenial com
panions, whose souls flame with art,
and that there he could get inspiration
for many a lilt in drinking songs that
would make him a second Villon in the
remembrance of posterity. Ladart
promised to make his bed with the
soulful ones on the hay wharf here
after, instead of in a public park.
Victor Ladart, a poet, who has wooed
the muse "with lean abstinence through
many a year." and was arrested on the
charge of vagrancy, was given twenty
four hours in the City Prison and a
bundle of brotherly advice yesterday by
Judge Mogan. Ladart so infested Jef
ferson square in night time that Police
man Duffy was compelled to spend
most of his time routing out the poet
from his commodious but extemporized
boudoir.
On Monday of next week the Feb
ruary session of the United States
Court of Appeals will begin in this
city. United States Circuit Judge W.
B. Gilbert of Portland. Or., and United
State? District Judge Thomas P. Haw
ley of Carson. Xev.. have arrived, and
United States Circuit Judge Erskine M.
Ross of Los Angeles is expected to
day.
rnitod Slates Court of Appeals.
Maggie Flaws was convicted of va
grancy yesterday by Judge Mogan,
principally because she had three flaws
in her record; so after all there is some
thing In a name. Mile. Flaws had. two
prior arrests against her on the same
charge, and her coyness in acknowledg
ing her past delinquencies argued
against her. She will be given three
months in the County Mall to-day, one
month for each of the flaws.
For .Innunry.
Special $20.00 suits to order, reduced
from $25.00 and $27.50. They are beau
tics, worth while your inspection, at Joe
Pohefm. The Tailor's. 201 and 203 Mont
gomery street and 1110 and 1112 Market
street. •
John Morrissey, who has given con
siderable trouble to the police because
he persisted in selling liquor without a
license, was given $100 or 100 days in
the County Jail yesterday by Judge
Conlan on the latest charge. His sen
tence was not mltigat'd by his state
ment that he though^ he was selling
cider instead of whisky.
John Moody was bound over to trial
in the Superior Court yesterday by
Judge Conlan In bail of $2000 on the
charge of stabbing Special Policeman
Joseph Gillen out at the Chutes on De
cember 30, while the hamldryas in his
cage chattered and laughed in glee.
Frank Jones is a bad actor, who
made a social call on Ruby Wilson
Sunday night, with his hand wrapped
in a handkerchief. When he was
ready to leave he struck the woman a
terrific blow in the left temple with the
bound hand and ran into the street.
Her screams attracted the attention of
Policeman McShane, who caught Jones.
Under the bandage on the hand waa
found a pair of vicious brass knuckles.
The assailant calmly admitted that he
had hit the woman and said he had
Seen waiting for a month to revenge
himself because she had called him a
bad name. He was before Judge Cab
aniss yesterday and the case went over
for one week.
Another squabble ensued as to who
should have its further custody. In
view of the evanescent nature of the
statement Judge Conlan refused to take
charge of it, because he feared it might
disappear into nothingness before his
gaze. The special attorneys for the
defendants objected to Prosecutor Wel
ler being made custodian of the paper.
Finally Clerk Rice volunteered to take
a chance and the statement was giv>sn
into his guardianship, to the satisfac
tion of all parties concerned.
The testimony taken yesterday chiefly
related to the identification of the dy
ing statement. Detective Harry Braig,
who was present when it was made,
was the chief witness., The statement
practically exonerates Rossi from par
ticipation in the row which caused La
vaglnlno's death. Both defendants
were accused of having beaten and
kicked the deceased to such an extent
that his death ensued five months later
as a result.
Unexpectedly the dying statement
made by Vincenso Laviginino, which
was missed at the fast hearing of the
murder charge against Giovanni Fossa
and Francisco Rossi, was produced in
Judge Conlan's court yesterday. By
what process such an important docu
ment was mislaid was not explained.
Extrajudicially It was stated that the
dying statement had always been safely
in the possession of the District At
torney's office and that its absence at
the first demand for it was due to the
inadvertence of Prosecutor Weller.
Numerous objections were made to
Its admissibility, partly because it had
disappeared and that its authenticity
was seriously affected by that fact.
Another objection urged was that It
was not a dying statement, because the
decedent was not in fear of immediate
death. Judge Conlan overruled both
objections and admitted the document
in evidence.
Policeman Duffy claims to have en
joyed a strenuous time while endeav
oring to arrest Thomas Brown, a milk
wagon driver, Sunday morning on Turk
street, between Van Ness avenue and
Franklin street. The policeman says
that Brown was drunk and disturbing
the peace of the neighborhood, and
when he sought to quiet him the driver
tried to get a decision over him. The
case was called in Judge Cabaniss'
court yesterday, but went over by
consent.
.The Secretary of Agriculture has ap
pointed W. r>. McArthur, whose office
is at 114 California street, as inspector
of dairy exports, and Mr. McArthur is
busily engaged in rounding up and ex
plaining the law and regulations to all
dealers and exporters of dairy products.
The lav/ provides that owners or
shippers of butter, cheese or dairy
products which are to be exported and
who desire to have the said articles
from time to time inspected, and so
marked "as to secure their identity
and make known in the markets of for
eign countries their purity and qual
ity," shall make application to the Sec
retary of Agriculture for such inspec
tion. These applfcations can be filed
with Mr. McArthur. who has been in
structed to give prompt attention to all
such applications.
Shippers' manifests covering these
articles for export or for shipment to
Hawaii. Alaska or other non-contigu
ous territory-of the United States must
also state whether cheese is filled or
unfilled, whether butter is pure, reno
vated or adulterated: and whether
oleomargarine is colored or uncolored.
If adulterated or renovated butter,
shippers must present, at the Custom
house with their shipper's manifest, a
certificate of inspection issued by the
inspector of dairy exports.
The law make3 no provision for the
exportation, free of tax, of renovated
butter, nor for drawback of "tax on
such articles when exported. Conse
quently all renovated butter for export
must be stamped and marked the same
as for the domestic market.
Officers and agents of exporting ves
sels and of all transportation compa
nies by land must not receive any reno
vated butter unless accompanied by
the required certificate of inspection.
This certificate will be issued in trip
licate by the inspector of dairy exports.
Both the original and certifi
cates must be delivered to the exporter.
The original must be attached to the
shipper's manifest for the information
of the customs authorities and after
being checked in the Custom-house
must be delivered with the duplicate
shipper's manifest to the agent of the
export vessel, who will deliver It to the
chief officer of the vessel to accompany
the shipment to destination. The du
plicate certificate should be forwarded
by the shipper, with the bill of- lading,
to the consignee, to be used by the
latter in identifying the shipment at
the port of destination. The triplicate
certificate of inspection will be for
warded to the'Department of Agricul
ture at Washington.
Heavy penalties are provided for
"any person Avho shall forge, counter
feit, simulate, imitate; falsely represent
or use without authority, or knowingly
and wrongfully alter, deface or destroy
any of the marks, stamps or other de
vices 1 *- placed upon or any certificate
prepared for use or used In connection
with any renovated butter.
It is believed that Landlord Neiblas
has not told all that he knows of the
case, and Mrs. de Lareuelle, clerk in
the cleaning works where the gray
suit of Soeder was taken the morn-
Ing after the murder to be cleaned,
still maintains that Neiblas is the man
that took the suit to the place.
Martin, although Captain of Detec
tives?, has not done anything to ferret
out the murderer of Blaise and all
the work of gathering evidence has
been accomplished by Detective Gib
son, under the direction of Chief Witt
man.
The police claim they have enough
evidence against the man they are now
holding: in the City Prison to convict
him of the crime. They argue that
Mrs. Bowers, recently convicted of
poisoning her husband, was convicted
on less evidence than they have
gathered against Soeder.
It is known that Detective Gibson
has some evidence of a startling na
ture that he is withholding until the
case comes up in court. He claims
that it will be unnecessary to prove
the movements of Soeder and his mur
dered brother-in-law after they left
the Original Mexican Restaurant on
Broadway on the night of the murder.
There is enough other evidence, he
says, to prove to any fair-minded jury
that Soeder is guilty of the murder of
Blaise.
The inquest over the body of Joseph
Blaise, who was murdered on Sunday
night, Janaury 10, will be held this
morning at 10 o'clock. It is doubtful
whether it will be completed to-day
on acount of the large number of wit
nesses ihat have been subpenaed.
The police are not ready for the in
quest, but the Coroner has refused to
grant them any more time. He holds
that the inquest must be held before
the preliminary hearing, which com
mences to-morrow afternoon at 2
o'clock in Judge Cabaniss* court.
There is every likelihood that the
Coroner's jury will render a verdict of
murder and officially charged Leon
Soeder. the dead man's brother-in-la*w,
with the crime. At any rate, the po
lice say that the result of the Coroner's
inquest verdict will cut little figure,
one way or another, with the hearing
in the Police Court.
There are more than thirty wit
nesses to be examined to-day and De
tective Gibson expects to have more
when the case cotnes up in the Police
Court to-morrow.
"The Government and the provinces
have all aided in making the display
at St. Louis a notable one, having
voted money for that purpose. The
association I represent is made up of
the leading business men of my coun
try, from every province and leading
city. Our display will show every
product of Japan. We not only desire
to show what Japan produces, but we
nlso desire to come in touch with
Aroerica and its people. She is our
pood friend and neighbor and we pre
fer to buy from her rather than go to
the markets of Europe.
'-"Many hundreds of Japanese will
.vome to America on account of the
fnir.at St. Louis. They will be inter
ested in the exhibits displayed, and
from what we heard the people gen
erally \\ ill also visit America and . St.
Louis.
"The Government will make its
special display and will erect a very
fine reception hall and tea house. The
• value of the exhibits of the association
I represent amounts to more than
?3. 000. 000.
"O.ne of the object? of my visit is to
meet the officials of the various steam
ship companies and induce them to
make Fj»ecial rates for freight and pas
."senpeiF during the fair time at St.
Louis. I have every hope of securing
•such reduction on the steamships.
America is a great and growing "coun
try and Japan desires to keep in touch
with such a progressive country, for it
will help her in many ways."
'-legardins the relations between Ja
pan -and Ru?5ia. Director Sugawa said
ihat Japan would never consent to
1 issia maintaining her hold on Man
« huria or encroaching «>n Korea.
"This would mean." he said, "direct
menace to Japan and we are prepared
to fight Russia. We do not look for
•a-y assistance from other powers and
my country is hu:>eful that she will
f->rce Russia to tht» wall.'*
Director Sugawa has iveJ in New
York for some years, being engaged in
the exporting and importing business.
He was educated in the schools of Ja
pan and served for a time in the Jap
anese Foreign Office and also n the
Japanese consulate at Hongkong. His
wife is the daughter of the court coun
ts^lor of the Emperor, who also served
i»s Governor <>f an important province
for eighteen years.
The secretaries of the director are
cultivated gentlemen and have been
honored with their positions on account
«.f their ability.
F. Morioka is another of the party
that will be located in San Francisco.
He js the agent of the Toko Shorei
<lub. which is a promotion and wcl-.
<-ome organization, and will look after
the arrival of exhibits and visitors from
Japan destined to go to the St. Louis
fair.
••Japan is taking the greatest inter
est in the forthcoming World's Fair at
St. Louis. The Emyeror and every
business man is eager to show the
United States the resources of Japan.
For that reason we will make a big
display. We could not secure the
space we desired, but we have enough
space to display 80,000 separate ex
hibits.
Kiyoshi Surawa, director of the
Japanese exhibition ui the World's
Fair at Su I^ouis. who arrived here last
.Saturday on the Korea, leaves to-day
for the East, accompanied by his
v.:iV and two secretaries, M. K. Miya
matsu and W. £. llayekawa.
Director SUS&W& is one of the most
polished ar.d cultured men of Japan
and is held In the highest esteem by
'.he Emperor of Ja:>an and ihe leading
men of that country.
..In discussins his mission to the
United States Director Sugawa said
yesterday:
Eiiipcvijr and His Subjects Are
Taking 1 Great Interest in the
JApon'tion Which Opens Soon
Directions for Guidance of
Shippers in Marking Their
Butter/ Cheese jind Milk
Detectives Have Evidence of
Startling Nature, Wliich They
Arc Holding* for the Trial
Domingo Navarro, a puny Porto
Rican, with a brain still in a savage
state of development, and two of his
companions, succeeded yesterday morn
ing in accomplishing a feat 'Which the
entire police force of San Francisco had
pronounced impossible. Thsy gained
admission to a fantan game at 1003
Dupont street, which is one of the larg
est gambling-houses run by Chinese.
The invaders did not come to gamble
but to rob. Two of them had weapons
and the frightened Chinese huddled up j
into a corner and allowed the Porto ,
PJcans to help themselves to the bank
roll. There are conflicting reports of
the amount of money lost. The Police
Department claims that only the In
significant amount of $20 was taken,
but the District Attorneys office claims
nearly $1500 was secured. /
The police suppressed the story of
the robbery until Navarro was ar
raigned in Judge Mogan's court yester
day. It waa stated that the other two^
men were known and could be appre
hended if the crime was kept secret.
Policeman Matthieson pursued Na
varro immediately after the . robbery
and placed him under arrest. No
weapon was found on him and only 50
cents in money. His hearing was con
tinued for one week by request of the
prosecution.
Judge Mogan listened to the story
and. then leaned back and hummed
"What Right Have You on Broadway?"
When the judicial nerves had been sa
tiated withi the melody he convicted
Kelley and will state this morning the
term which he thinks will fit Kelley's
case.
tive of Ireland, was wafted once more
before Judge Mogan yesterday on the
charge of vagrancy. He appeared two
weeks ago and was given only twenty
four hours on a promise that he would
make a burst of speed for a Stockton
boat on which he was employed. He
fell at the first hurdle in the person
of a friend who had just come down
from the mines with a hefty roll. The
Stockton boat and .yie promise made
to the Judge was forgotten, and Kelley
has been treading tFie primrose path
of dalliance on Broadway since then.
STBICT RULES ARE MADE
POLICE AKE CONFIDENT
W. D. McArthur of This City
Is | Appointed Inspector by
the Secretary of Agriculture
Coroner's Jury Meets This
Morning to Fix Responsi
bility for Blaise Murder
Natives of Insular Possession Succeed Where
Police Fail and Carry Away Money.
Laviginino's Dying Statement Is Recovered
DAIRY EXPORTS
MOST BE PURE
INQUEST WILL
BE HELD TO-DAY
WILL .SHOW RESOURCES
Director Sugawa, Rcprcseriting
• Business Men, Tells of the
;. Aims for Display at St. Louis
JAPAN TO MAKE
A BIG EXHIBIT
THREE PORTO RICANS TAKE COIN
FROM CHINESE GAMBLING HOUSE
THE SAN -FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY. JANUARY 20, 11)04.
V NEW ADVEBTISEMENTS.
DP.UGOISTS MUST BE CHABT.
They Sell All JClnd« , or Hair Prepara-
tions, and Pear to Discriminate.
Druggists sell .all kinds of hair prep-
arations, and as a rule they are wisely
chary of giving: preference to any par-
ticular one. but many of them have come
out plainly . for Newbro's Herpicide. the
new treatment that absolutely kills "\he
dandruff germ. H. • Swannell ; & Ltm,
Champaign. 111., say: "One customer of
ours who did not have a hair on top of
his head when he began tO'use Herpi-
rido nnwtes a fair start towards a good
head of hair. believe Herpieide to
be'by far the host preparation Of its kina
on the ; market." Hundreds of similar
testimonials from everywhere. Sold by
lending : druggists. - Send~ 10c in Btamns
for fample to The Herpicide Co., Detroit
MJch ' - •'¦.' : '¦•..¦. - . : •-'
ADVEBTISEMEMTS.
I MEN, I'LL CURE YOU! I
Cr jZZ>1l et » any , m^ n who Is w eak, broken down old «
.-. /2£**\ 3mi df - (rv -P" in Physical weakness, full of Vin, 9:
X tz2^ I and aches - gloomy, despondent and cheerless «
§ T&A- J3'tVoS!!fiS. t " atIca ° curehta '«»'»'- I
¦V A sr, _ \ flon>t want money that ft
8 / V «V. /Z * don't e»ra. I dont need O
V x-"^ T vC M«i&kk. / rO Bnt x ftm after the dol- Q
O / \ \; V/>i^^fflL S/$S£ WToasr in the quest of O|
' : ' / s'" A K-^^S/WS^ SW/Ma health, look at all the.e &
O I >\\ ,\\\V X v Jk VWBBKbrfwwifflr poor wreck « or humanity <>
'¦' ¦ \*1 \\ 5\\WSfflLs/W that are spending an V
O t -o^' ¦ A^fc^ysBSMiK^ they earn on dro^g-Uope P
: : *: i :^^^^^^^M0^ Vltli ia 0 2^ thei * %
i> X^Zyf «pent OI llf S thS 1 * hllvS X
*-' "* s>*" ¦' \ \3&X \^\ sS earned lor years without X.
<> \ V J0&>> 'MR&nJAA srainiag- a pound of Etrentrth for "5
/ ;.LI7^i 'tr'L. JZ_ after, because for every dollar I &¦
O / l!jj!VCl rr&iO^—^r lakn ! ca " cive }l thousand per X
v / -'¦^^*&§ iM^>- t at nil until 1 have cured you 8
2 - it i=^-^tJfrl'i*XftN^^~^~»- lt y° u *'«! secure me. I have X
•-• '"'- •''- iiC<& I5H -^^^ cured so many cases ripht here £
V V >\ \ '•'¦'/¦' Zt VOLiCA. v that r can P rov <5 my claims to S
O t ,' *\S£fzljJ& >ou. but if that proof is not X
V • ' ' / r\ V) l#ffi6g& enough I'll give you the names S
v 1. ' '/ r 1 HHB ° r rn ' ;n ri^' )t "ear you — where X
!{ 4 1, Bs^Sja you are - Is '-hat fwir? X
V 3 -' - BUSfSsk iIost of thf * bPlts that * am sellinir 2
y J ! ' '¦SSBSSSIl l"^;/ 1^ to men who have been sent hero g
I > , ?- iRjlSiilnlal o> their friends whom I have cured I X
Pi 'lit iMwMWBNF -think that is the best evidence that 'my 9i
*¦- * . ' Vg JP»**^ business js a success from the stand- X
<* I jt ij^jM P M int Ot cures> as -well as on the dollar
V KTfiufiakS&B J " fil f atc 'y I nave received letters of O
||jljfff//5&*9 praise frnm these men: ?;
r AlUinil&Tfji James }'. DaviP. 70:» Devisadero street O
V < " San Francisco. He was cured of a back i-i i
V trouble of 12 years' standing. Si
.V G. XV. Scott. Madison. Yolo CO.. Cal.. an old" man of 75, who feels 8
V lik«» a young buster of 20 since he lias been using my Belt. g
8 J. 11. Gaskill. 220 Chestnut av*.. Santa Cruz. Cal. who says I cured 6
. V h)m of Indigestion. Constipation. Nerv'ousness and Lumbago from which 5
[1 he had suffered 15 years. " . r>
* Wherever you are. I think I can give you the name of a man In your .Q
- town that I have cured. Just send me your address and let me try. This Q
V is my twenty-fourth year In the business of pumpinjc new vim Into worn- W
4 r out humanity and .I've pot cures in nearly every town on the map. S
* Ome anj Fe ,» me jf y OU can and I'll fix you up; or. If you can't call o
x write to me and I'll do the same. I've got a nice book on men that I'll Q
send seulod. frt*, if you inclose this ad. S
2 Dr M C Mr\ atiO-httn 906 Market St. g
o I^I . Ifl. M^, i?lCL,ClU^ilIlII, Abort Elli., 8»i m»ais». &
O Office Hours— 8 a. m. to 8 p. m. Sundays. 10 to 1. Not sold In , X
iT drug stores. «
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
SHREVE& GO'S
S TA TI0NER Y DEPAR TMEN T
Will be open on Monday,
February 1st It will have
in its work rooms com-
plete facilities for the pro-
duction of Fine Stationery
in all its branches. Ex-
clusivcncss will charac-
terize the products of the
Department.
_
POST and MARKET STS.
You can't get a better razor for the
money than my $2.00 razor. Well
made, with blade of the finest tem-
pered steel.
All my cutlery Is high grade — such
as Wostenholm's, Henckel's, Jordan's
Stiletto, etc.
STAB SAFETY SAZOBS, specially
priced at $1.25.
FOCXXT KNIVES, from 50c up.
SCISSORS as low as 25c.
Two I bars Williams' 10c Shaving
Soap tor 15c.
Mall orders promptly filled.
THAT MXN PITTS
F. W. PITTS.
1008 Market street, above Powell.
San Francisco^
PfliflfP DON'T FAIL TO
1 ttlllVW sec tJie beautiful
j COURT Lounging
flflfl roonv tha EMPIRE
aiIU PARLOR, the
V* J PALM ROOM, the
Ilf/Hia LOUIS XV PAR-
Ml U I1U LOR^ and the LA _
O 2. 'Li ~ DIES' WRITING
Hotels oM -
PATTOSIEN^ __„
I Great Odds and Ends Sale I
...THE REGAL RANGE...
I Built to last half a century — consumes less fuel than any
| other range on the coast and its baking facilities are the very
I best. The downtown price for this Range is tf*^rj f\f\
| $36.50. PATTOSIEN'S PRICE i . . $L J »UU
I YOU WILL NEED A STOVE BEFORE
I # ANOTHER THIRTY DAYS.
I Don't Walt Until This Great Opportunity Has
I Passed. You Will Save About Ten Dollars
j| on Any Stove If You Buy of Us at Once.
1 The same chance is daily being taken advantage of
by hundreds and hundreds who are buying furniture,
i carpets, lace curtains, portieres, etc.
I ANY CAR IS ACAR PattOSICH CO. !" "32 MlSS
m FOR PATTOSIEN'S " **y**+* v ww# more sonow than
I 16th and MiSSiOn StS. ever before
si
AMUSEMENTS.
A T /*1 A rj A T1 B«lasco & Mayer.
ALCAZAR £ibs
• General Manager.
ONE OF THE GREAT PLAYS.
TO-NIGHT— MATS. SAT. AND SUN.
Til r I5y Henry ti\
M L Arthur Jonf«. M.D
masdueraderO
A . Vital and Powerful Exhibition of |the
Passions. . . _ *
Evh., 25c to 50c. Mats. Sat. and Sun. 15c to 50c
Next Monday— First San Francisco produc-
tion of the delightful romantic comedy.
A COLONIAL GIRL,
As originally played by Virginia Harned and
E. H. Sothern.
Market St., near Eighth. Phone South 533.
TO-NIGHT-tALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Magnificent Spectacular Production of the
Greatest of All Historical Drama.*,
QUO VADIS
150— PEOPLE IN CAST— 150.
New Scenery! Gorgeous Costumes!
Brilliant Electrical Effects!
PRICES— Evenings, 10c to 60c. Matinees,
10c, 15c. 25c.
NEXT— "EAST LYNNE."
OQLUitHiSlA SuS^S
NIGHTLY. INCLUDING STJNDAT.
MATINEE SATURDAYS ONLY.
IMMENSE £8>^St SUCCESS
A
CHINESE
HONEYMOON
Company of 100. Enlarged Orchestra.
- f 50,000 Production.
..HVOLJ'SSB.
THIRD WEEK OF THE GREAT SUCCESS.
When Johnny
Gomes Marching Home,
A Military Spectacular Comic Opera by Stan*
inlaua Stange and Julian .Award*. s
Martial Music'. Plcturesaue Scenery! North-
ern Soldiers and Southern Sweethearts!
MATINEE SATURDAY,
in rrenaration— "THE GYPSY BARON."
Usual Popular Prices 25c. 50c~ and 79c
Box Seats $1.00
/#=• YOU \CBEEN
HAD II THERE
Last Night to See the Tremendous Crowda
¦ . Pour In to See
...THE BEAUTY SHOP...
You Would Not ! Delay, but Come Quick to
Secure Your Seats.
* No Abatement in the Enthusiasm.
Encor& for Every {Jong, Specialty and Hilari-
ous Laughter Throughout.
Funniest Musical Comedy of Them All.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
MONDAY. FEBRUARY 8,
"BOliT-POIiT."
First Appearance of NELLIE LYNCH — The
Whirlwind Soubrette.
TTTPPFT V PIT 1
II L/Julil/ 1 XJOliju
16 Pages. $1 pen Year
AMtrgEansarTB.
A PRODIGIOUS PROGRAMME!
Johnny and Emma Ilay; Corrtua and
Maud; Duffy, Sawtelle and Duffy;
Kolden and Florence; Stein- Eret to
Family; Stanley and Wilson; Kelly
and Violette; Irving Jones, and Or-
phenm Motion Pictures.
Regular Matinees Every Wednesday, Thurs-
day, Saturday and Sunday. Prices. 10c, 25o
and 50c.
Matin** Saturday— Tfcia Tiik Only—
Everybody Delighted !
W. H. TURNER
In Julius Cahn'a Successful Production,
DAVIDHARll
BEOIXNIKO NEXT SUNDAY MATIXWJ
Joseph Arthur's Latest Success.
LOST RIVER.
ustai. ppyp^Aa pbiobs.
CALIFORNIA
MOST XAOmnCSNT SBAXATZO
EVEHT XXI TXAB3.
MR. EDWARD MORGAN
And the entire original cast, exactly aa aaea
during the five months' ran at the Victoria
Theater, New Tor*.
IN HALL. CAINETS LATEST MASTERPIECE,
ETERNAL
CITY.
EPECIAL PRICES $1 80, $1 00. 75c. 60c, 25.
Matinee price* aame as for evening 1 'per*
formanccs. CURTAIN' PROMPTLY AT 8.
DEAYES 1 MERRY MANIKINS
And a Great Shew Every Afternoon an4
Sreaiaff In tis Heated Theater.
AMERICAN. CHINESE AND PHILIPPINB
BABIES IN THE INFANT INCUBATORS.
Visit the Mystic Mirror Maze.
BABY tSOPAUB Uf THE ZOO!
AMATEUR NIGHT THURSDAY.
Admission. 10c: Children, Sc.
When Phoning. Ask for "The Chute*. **
Racing! pSi^ Racing!
OAKLAND RACE TRACK-
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
Commendns January 4.
Racing Each Week Oar. Rala or Shin*.
Six or More Kaces Daily.
Races commence at 2:13 p. m. tharo.
For special trains atoppins at the tr-te'-c. tai»
S. P. Kerry, foot of Market street, at &» ?
12:3O, l:0O. l:3O or 2 o'clock. No «m«wiw g 1-r r
last two ears, which are reserved for , ladled
aBd their encorts.
Returning trains leave track at 4:10 and
4:43 and immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS. President.
PERCY VI. TREAT. Secretary.
MISCXT.T^ATnEOITS AMU HJZJU; JITS.
LYRIC HMLL.
Four Grand Evening Concerts Given by ths
Famous
RIVELA ROYAL ITALIAN BAND
Marches, overtures and selections from th«
most popular Italian and German operas.
- WEDNESDAY, January 27th; THURSDAY.
2Sth: FRIDAT. 20th. and SATURDAY. 30th.
at &:1JV p. m.
Seats 50c and ?3c. Now on sal* at Soar*
nu * Clafi Music Store.The Mongolia is a sister ship of the
Manchuria, recently launched. She
will ply between San Francisco, Ha
waii, China and Japan.
Among those on board when she
lfeft to-day were President de Coursey
May, Vice President Charles D. Hale
and Superintendent L. D. Loventin of
the New York Shipbuilding Company
and R. P. Schwerin of the Pacific Mail
Steamship Company. /
CAMDEN, N. J., Jan. 25.— The
steamship Mongolia, built for the Pa
cific Mail Steamship Company, left
the yards of the New York Shipbuild
ing Company to-day for Newport
News on her trial trip. The vessel,
which is 616 feet in length, is the
largest ship of her kind ever built in
this country. During her trial she
will be commanded by Captain Ran
dle of the shipbuilding company. Af
ter *the tests she will proceed to New
York.
LINER STARTS
ON TRIAL TRIP
"Bridge VWhist," '.'Five Hundred" and
all other tallycards. "Military ISuchre,"
"FlinCh," "Panic," "Pit" and all the; new
backs in Congress Playing Cards. San
born, Vail & Co., 741 Market street. •
"Yes," the new; woman 'remarked.
"I am greatly" troubled." ; "By what?"
"Well,: I want to get married Just to
prove that I : can ; and don't want to
get married* just to prove that I don't
have to. If I don't they'll say I can't:
if I •' do, they'll say I have no more
independence than any other woman.
' Post.
The trial of Edmond de Labrousse
on a charge of murder was set for
yesterday in Judge Dunne's court, but
by consent a continuance was made
for a week. He is accused of having
shot and killed Miss Marie Jordan in
front of her mother's residence on
Sacramento street, near, Hyde, on Sep
tember 29,. because she had declined
to receive his attentions any longer.
Labrousse Trial Postponed.
Cures Colds in Russia.
LAXATIVE BROMO QUININE. To set the
genuine, call lor. the full name. 25 cents. •
The executive committee of the
Academic Athletic League met yester
day and appointed the following com
mittees to act at the annual field day
of the league on April 25 at the Berke
ley track: Field day — Harry Tharsing,
Fred Koch, Roy Young; baseball— P.
K. Rauch, H. Thompson, F. T. Booker;
swimming — -W. L. Potts, H. Clifford;
tennis — Monroe Deiitsch, Alvah Doe;
bicycle— T. V. Reeves, W. L. » Huber;
committee on resolutions — Charles
Harris, H. Tharsing and P. F. Bovard.
Amateur Officials Named.
rir»t rac« — My Surprise, Fuss Xn
Boots, 71yer.
Second rac« — Ths Cur*, Atwood,
Scherzo.
Third xace — Glendennintr, Lady Bimbo,
Uletma.
Fourth race — Ben MacOhnl, Stuyve,
Mendon.
Fiftn race — Worthiest, Tarrette. BXe
norlaa.
; Sisth race— Sad Sam, Double Six, Mo
corito.
PROBABLE WINNERS.
Jewish Ladies Elect Officers.
The seventh annual meeting of the
Jewish Ladies' Coundl was held j-es
terday at the Bush-street Synagogue
After the reports of the year were read
the following officers were elected-
President. Mir. D. S. Davis; vice presi
dent. Mrs. J. Rosenberg; financial sec
retary. Mrs. M. Altemyer; recording
secretary. Mrs. L Frohmann; treasurer
Mrs. M. Gets; collector. Miss M. Levy'
Warrant Issued for Sproat.
Police Judge Cabaniss yesterday is
sued a warrant for the arrest of Sam
uel Sproat on a charge of obtaining
goods under false pretenses. The com
plaining witness is L. D. Costa of San
Jose. Sproat is now in jail in San Jose,
and has taken exception to the juris
diction of that couri, but in case of
his release he will be brought to this
city on the warrant issued yesterday.
To the numerous branches of the in
surance business in Germany, as, for
instance, life and fire insurance, insur
ance against burglars, against damage
caused by hall, bursting of water pipes,
etc. the insurance of machinery has
been added.
In the Interest of making Australia
"a white man's country," a Govern
ment bounty is paid for sugar grown
I v white labor. Of the last year's su
gar croD of 100,000 tons, seven-tenths
was produced by Kanaka black labor.
"The country, is overstocked to begin
with, but conditions in. any other "event
would be nearly as bad. ,The valley
appears as if it had .been swept by pes
tilence. It also looks as if all ranchers
would be ruined."
Similar reports come from other coun
ties in this section of the State. South
ern California ¦ received only a small
portion of the copious rains which. fell
in the north. : In this ¦ city less than an
Inch has fallen this winter. j.-
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 25.— Cattle are
dying by the thousands in Antelope
Valley, in the northern part of Los An
geles County, and unless copious rains
fall soon the loss to stock owners in
this and other counties in Southern
California will be enormous. Conditions
in that section are more serious than
they have been at any other time dur
ing the past sixteen years. Between
5000 and 6000 head of cattle in the
northern part of Los Angeles County
are slowly dying of hunger and thirst.
Their condition is pitiable in the ex
treme. Not only are the cattle suffering
torture, but the financial loss to* cattle
men will be enormous unless the drought
is soon broken by copious rains. r This is
the story of distress brought by L. C.
Stuckey of Lancaster, one of the
largest stockraisers of the valley.
"I have lived in the'Anfelope Valley
for sixteen years," said Mr. Stuckey,
"but v have never seen such lamentable
conditions as the present ones. My own
herd has dwindled to about 500 head,
and some of them are so weak they can
scarcely walk. Other raisers are faring
no better, and unless we have good
rains, in a very short time or devise
some way to get the cattle out our
herds will be practically annihilated.
"Antelope Valley under the most fa
vorable conditions is none too good as
far as water is concerned, but this year
is. the worst in its history. The sage
brush and salt grass is completely
dried up, leaving practically no nour
ishment for the animals.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CATTLE DIE
ON DRY LANDS
•Apprentice allowance.
6606 Wistaria (Schorr) 109
0SS4 »TarKette (Fountain) 112
.... gignorlna (Schreiber) 117
57C2 'Northwest (Clifford) 104
Red Bird (Slaughter) H7
5S34 'War Times (Patterson) .112
0707 Mae Scott (Carroll) 103
'Rlesca (Bosecke) 112
• Santa Nona (A?he) 11 •
5378 Aloalta (Shannon) 109
Sixth race — Six furlonffs; four-year-olds
and up: selling:
3652 Master Cal (Barry)..... 10a
D824 'Jane Holly (Yeager) 83
4526 Mr. Farnuin (Crane) 8"
(5741)«f?ad Sam .(Green) 103
(582l)Mocorito (Wellman) 90
B430 'IS. M. Erattain (Millin) 102
55J)G 'Double Six (Follansbee) IOO
B824 •Sterling- Towers (Stockton Stable)... f>8
57&0 St. Wlnifride (Painter) 103
Heitmuller or Hansen will be Over
all's successor in the box. Heitmuller
-will probably also be elected to suc
ceed him in the captaincy.
Overall s career as a college athlete
haa been interesting. He made his
ireshman football eleven, the varsity
eleven during his freshman vear and
then three subsequent elevens, having
been captain last year. He played
three years on the baseball nine and
this would have made his fourth. He
1* still eligible to play another year
«n the baseball nine and if he comes
back to the -university next year, as he
intends, he will figure again as an ath
lete.
• BERKELEY. Jan. 25. — Orval Over
ail, captain of this year's baseball nine
and last year's football eleven, will
not be in college when the intercol
legiate baseball series is played. He
announced to-day that he had applied
for a leave of absence for one year
from the university and as soon as it
is granted he will leave, which will
be not later than Wednesday. The
loss of Overall will greatly cripple the
team, as he is its mainstay in pitch
ing and battiRg. His pitching last
year was what decided the intercol-
Jeglaie games, as the Stanford batters
were unable to touch any of his twist
ers. He made such a good showing
that offers from professional teams
¦were showered upon him. He turned
them all down.
ball Player Will Hurt Univer
sity Athletics.
lxx*s of the Big Football and Base-
OVERALL WILL IEAVE
COLLEGE FOR A YEAR
Since 1890 four local banks have
closed their doors and banks in neigh
boring towns have been forced to sus
pend chiefly through losses sustained in
lnestments in the Western States. It is
estimated that within ten years citi
zens of Nashua have lost full/ $2,000,000
through the embarrassment cf banking
institutions.
«oggin was held in $10,000 bonds for
the Grand Jury. He made no state
ment, but It was said that his down
fall was not due to speculation, but to
his having given assistance from time
to time to a friend. Goggin is one of
the most prominent bank officials in
New Hampshire. He came here from
the West about ten years ago and in a
short time he was made treasurer of
the trust company. He is about 40
years of age and has a family.
An attachment of $50,000 was placed
on the property lield by Goggin in this
city by the banks to-day. Real estate
of George E. Gage of Manchester was
levied on to recover a promissory note
for $20,000. Another attachment for
$12,000 has been filed against real es
tate owners in this city by Gage. Gage
was formerly a bank official here.
The directors of the Nashua Trust
Company, have issued a statement as
suring depositors that they will lose
nothing.
Goggin has been removed from the
office of treasurer and Joseph L.
Clough has been appointed to fill the
vacancy temporarily.
-VASHUA, 2Z. H.. Jan. 23.— John R.
Goggin, treasurer of the Nashua Trust
Company, was arrested to-day charged
with emberzlingr from tho bank be
tween JSO.000 and 5100.000.
The Nashua Trust Company did not
open its doors to-day and the institu
tion is in charge of the State Bank
Commissioners pending: a further ex
amination.
BANKER ROBS
AND IS CAUGHT
OAKIAim RACE TltACg— Monday, Jan. 25. Weather fine. Track fast.
ff834. FIRST RACE— Five and a half furlongs; selling; 3-year-olds; value to first, $325.
*— a . e — IIorse and Owner. Wt St.- U . . ft vi- Sir. Fin. Jockey. | Op. Cl.
i wnii' 1101 ?^ r - J - Daly).... 95 5 ... 31 2 n 2 % 1 % W. Daiy^~ 20 40
&t"s TiV?£ U « ( ?-J- F°™tain),.. ** 2 ... 12 1 */ t 1 g 2 It Hildebrand 7-2 16-5
57^0 r ukH /o 1 - o E V R °well)...?.. 100 3 ... 2 »; 3 lti-5 1 3 h Tra V ers ... 7 15
rsOO PrinX/ ; S ,£ hre ">er) 10G « ... tin ,8>j4n 4M Burns 7-2 18 -S
r--n n» h ° nt / W ' P - Wne)....107 S ... 4n 4 5 1' 3 5 3 J. Martin.. 8 7
h4t1 h^ "^L (B - & W > 105 » ... 12 5 0 2 7 1 0 1 14 Bell 6 8
r w! q£nri° o ( i^°T tO T Stable > 100 3 ... 5h 5 n 6 M 7.U Larsen.... 8 12
rsii K'« 1 /o ( {- I' McAlester).. 1)5 1 ... U JilO 1 !) 2 8 h Kunz 7 12
nsoo onn I ( £ , H " dreth > 102 11 ... 9 Vjll 2 10 2 92 Foley 12 12
1 riw w?£ fh G1 ,2 (W ' M " Ro ** rs >-- 1°O 7 ... 10 2 8 2 S 1 10 1 Moll 7 8
Hosarth (P. j. Carmody) 102 10 ... « n 12 2 12 2 11 2 Vandrbout 60 100
r-ki ?,. °* a <>>apa Stock Farm). 105 4 ... 7 3 7 1112 12a C. Kelly... 20 SO
C.03 V\ar Times qr. fierce) 1 105 13 ... 13 13 13 13 Connell .... 30 40
TIm nr~. :23 Jv*" :^°. VPW' A * P 0^ 2>^ minutest Off at 2:1(5! Maijola, place. 15; show. 8.
1 St £. F ce ' 7 ' 5; snow - 8 " 5 - Harbor, show 7-2. Winner, ch. I. by St. Florian<Ma
noia Trained by M. J. Daly. Scratched— Annie II, Miss Ringlets. Start good. AVon In
:,r r V? or four - Winner was »ore going to the post and then outgamed Targette. Harbor
rtr«». ?*' kustig outfooted the first part. Princemont tired the last part. Dun
< _^^ r j^ r^^ s^^wbreakei\Standar<l cut oft at start. Quaker Girl ran a poor race.
6SS5. SECOND RACE— Threa and a half furlongs; purse; maiden 2-year-olds; to first, $325.
*IL d " Horse and Owner. Wt St. %^ iTi *;. Str/Fin. Jockey. | Op. CK
K-oa MoKr ?f or ,<Bl<Lnchl & Co.).... 109 1 .'. . ... 1 n *1 n 1 h J. -Martin" * 9^2
k-oo ?£,* A i r (^ rs - C - E - Miller).. 107 C 6 S 5 2 2 1 | W. Waldo.. 5-2 9-2
r-^ um^ 0 (B - & AV>) 10 ° 2 4 V a 4 % 3 n Bell 2 9-5
&<15 Bill Short (A. T. Dob*on) . . . . 109 3 ...... 6 2 3h 4 2% J Daly.... 12 10
:x:A fP«»ker Fontana (Schreiber).. 113 4 2n 2h 4 fiij Burns | 4 6
rl£ a< j charat e <>«'apa Stock Farm) 100 7 ... ... 3 1 6 2 6 6 C. Kelly... 20 20
r-oa c , alc " la 'e (Blasingame Bros.). 10» 5 7 tt 7 6 7n McAulifTe . 20 40
6i99 tscobosa (Stewart & Co.) 106 8 .: . ... 8 8 8 8 8 8 W Daly... 20 40
I LUy Goldlnc (J. T. Collins).. |110 i) 9 0 0 Burlngame L'O 30
Tlm< !rr :23^- :i2 - At post 3 minutes. Oft at 2:43. Mogregor place. 8-5; show, 7-10. Sea
Alr - P 5a . ce . 8-5; show. 4-6. v Eduardo. show. 1-3. Winner, b c. by Mount McGregor II-
Model II. Trained by O. A. Bianchl. Scratched— Glacoma. Ding Dong. Golden Idol,
btart fair. Won in a hard drive of four. Bill Short led for a way. but ran out on
stretch turn or he would have won. Speaker Fontana also ran out, interfering with
Wjnner had all the raclnsr luck.
¦583O. THIRD RACE — One mile and 70 yarda; telling; 4 -year- olds and up; to first, $325.
Index Horse and Owner. Wt|St. % . »fc. Sir. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
CS10 Lady Kent, a (T. Wellrean).. 94 3 4 »i 5 h 8 I»i4 2'il 1 Oliphant .. 6-2 13-5
r~ll ff a r, che^- 6 (Partington Bros.) 102 5 7 h 8 1%9 2 6 n 2 ns Henderson 10 12
£i^ £ mtl y Oliver. 6 (R. H. Clark) 94 7 6 1 7 1**5 2 3 h 3 2Vi C. Smith... 10 8
r.78b Tamm, 4 (W. P. Magrane)... 10O10 11 1 10 1 8 >& 6 1 - 4 1 W Coleinan 20 50
V-A'l Xorford . 6 (C. H. French) 105 1 5 1 3 n 6 Vj 7 2 5 IUj Be'll .<. 5 5
?c?£ Lap'dus. 5 (M. J. Daly) »6 11 10 «i U Vi 7 2 8 2 fin W. Daly... 3 4
CS10 r. Klngsley. a (Winter & Co.) 96 12 12 12 11 10 2 7 2 Vandrbout 15 30
0657 Kiokumbob. a (Walz & Co.).. (104 2 .'in 4 «i 2 h In 8 2^ Foley ..... 20 30
6811 El Pilar. 6 (A. A. Haskell) . . 100 9 8 1 6^10 1112 9n Larsen .... 8 12
5742 Brlssac. 6 (J. J. Markleln)..| 96 4 1 1^1 % 4 *& 9 210 J /a Hildebrand 5 10
5S10 Kubelik. 4 (J. McAllister) |104 « 2 1^2 Vi In 2 n 11 2 J. Martin.. 8 12
4542 Elmer L.. 6 (Klunder & Co.)..\10i 8 9 1 11 ?412 12 12 W. Dugan. 40 CO
Time — :24 1 ?i. :49»4, 1:13*4. 1:42. 1:40. At post 4}-i minutes. Off at 3:09& Kent, place, 1;
show. 3-5. Searcher, place. 6: shov. 5-2. Oliver show. 8-5 Winner br. rh. by Helicon-
J>ita Kent. Trained by G. Wentworth. Start good. Won cleverly Next two driving
hard. Lady Kent enjoyed good racing luck. Searcher Is improving". Tamm came from
far back. Xorford received a weird ride. BrUssac had speed for three-quarters of a
mile. Kubelik can win at a shorter route.
CS37. FOURTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles; gelling; 3-year-olds & up; to first. $325.
Index Horse and Owner. WtlSt. \i . Y^. %. Str. Fin. I Jockey, i Op! CK
C767 Xamtor. 5 (F. Reagan) 113 1 2 3tfl «; 1 2^1 3 1 2V, Wonderly . 8-5 9-5
6743 iTelephone. 3 (R. A. Smith) 60 3 5 2 3 4 3 »4 2 n 2 % Greenfield . 9-5 0-5
.... His Eminence. 6 (Yeager) 106 5 4 h B 1 4 n 4 14 3 n Hildebrand 5 9-2
6729 Rosarle. li (C. W. Chappelle). 105 4 7 7 5 2»,£3 2 4 2 Stuart . 10 15
0815 Lacy Crawford. 4 fSchreiber). 10U 2 « JJ « n 6 15 6 25 5 5 Burns 8 11
5802 Reeves, 4 (Lamasney Bros.).. 105 7 In '2 *i '2 1*6$ 2 6 25 Foley 15 20
5S00 St. Tusef. 3 (Summers & Co.) 85 6 3 1144 h 7 ' 7 7 W. Daly... 40 100
Time— :2414. :49'i. i'MW, l:40&. 1:47. At post 4*A minutes. Off at.3:SC. Namtor, place,
7-10; show. 1-3. Telephone, place, 3-5; show. out. Eminence, show. 1-2. Winner, ch.
h. by Hastings- Nineveh. Trained by F. Reagan. Scratched — Diderot. Start good. Won
easily. Next three driving hard. Winner probably best. Telephone was badly cut oft
on first turn and generally mrssed about. Ilia Eminence was cut off on stretch turn and
pulled up lame. Too far for RePves. Rosalie will Improve. Xamtor .pulled up lame.
S838. FIFTH RACE — One mile and 70 yards; selling; 4-year-olds and up; to first, ?323.
Index Horse and Owner. Wt St. V*> Vi> *i. Sir. Fin. Jockey. Op] CU
5811 F. Woods, a (Garden City S.) 100 1 4 % 4 2^4 h 6 2\(,\ % Larseo 3 21-5
57S6 Optimo. 5 (D. F. Blakeman). 101 6 2 2 In 1 % 1 U 2 n Foley 6 10
BS03 Bill Massle. « (McAlester) . . . 09 9 6 % 6 h 5 2^2 % 3 2^4 Kunz 6 7
R754 Gawalne. 6 (W. ¦ E. Cotton)... 99 2 12 2 1}£B 1^4 ifc 4 1% Hildebrand 3 16-5
5815 Kitty Kelly, a (Stanfleld) 97 3 3 2%3 1 2 ?i 3 n 0 h R. Coleman 8 8
5820 Chickadee. 5 (McCafferty)... 94 5 5 % 6 2 6 n 6 2 « :i Oliphant .. 5-2 18-5
5707 I O U 5 (C W. Chappelle).. 104 49 9 » Sn74 -(Stuart 10 20
5750 Cougar. 6 (Boots & Co.) 107 7 82 8 3'i" 3 7 2^8 4 C. Kelly... 20 20
5777 Achilles. 5 (J. J. McCabe) 109 8 7 2 7 % 8 2 8 » J. Daly 20 o0
Time — :2t. :49. 1:14%; 1:41. 1:45. At post 2 minutes. Off at 4:00%. Woods, place, 3-2;
show. 7-10. Optimo, place, 4; show. 2. Massie. show. 1. Winner, b. g. by Gano-Aunt
Uetsy. Trained by J. W. Donathon. Start good. Won r Jn a drive of three. Frank
Woods had speed to-day. Optimo did well. Elll Massle* away badly, ran an excellent
race. Gawalne a hard one to guess. Kitty Kelly quit under weak handling. Chicka
dee can do better than this.
6S.10. SIXTH RACE^-Seven furlongs; purse; 4-year-olds and up; mares & geld.; first, $325.
Index Horse and Owner. IWtlSt. >i . V|. %. Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
5813 Futurita. 4 (W. II. Kraft)... 105 5 33 2 2'.$2 5 2 4 1 % Hildebrand 6-2 13-5
5741 Hagerdon. a (H. L,. Frank).. 110 3. 1 1%1 »4 1 l',»t 1 2 a; J. Daly 4-5 4-5
5801 Soothsayer, 4 (Lamasney) 105 77 6n5258.1 l"i C. Kelly... 10 12
5801 Grafter 6 (Blaslngame Bros.) 110 0 4 n 4 % 4 1H4 '4 4 2',4|Larsen 6 9
5821 Golden 'Light. 0 (McCafferty). 1 105 4 2 14 3 3 3 1^3 K 5 8 |Oliphant ..[ 30 40
5742 ' MacGyle a (C. T. Boots) 1105 1 5h 7 "7 <5 3 0. 6 J. Martin.. ,20 60
5702 Sisenvine 6 (P. J Stoer)....|105 2 ,6 2 5 2Vi<5 4 7 7 Vandrbout *15n 3C0
5738 Little Sister. 5 (Graffort) |105 Left -. Foley 60 2C0
Time — :23'i, ,:48. 1:14, l:26»i. At post 3 minutes. Off. at 4:27. Futurita. place. 7-10;
show 1-3. Hagerdon place. 1-3; show, out. Soothsayer, show. 4-5. Winner b. m. by
His Highness -Butterflies. Trained by J. A. Kyle. Scratched — Scotsman, Egyptian Prin
cess. Start Rood for all but Little Sister. Won in a drive of three. Futurita stood a
long hard drive. Hagerdon Is a poor, weight packer and began to quit when only gal
loping. Soothsayer siipwed Improvement. Grafter was weakly ridden. Golden Light was
played. - 1 '/
The "Kid" repaired to Mike Shee
han's beach tavern as soon as he fin
ished shaking hands with a bunch of
new acquaintances. He will get into
the going to-day and promises to train
faithfully till the night of the battle.
He expresses himself as being anxious
to meet Young Corbett should he beat
Hanlon and when questioned regard
ing- that battle laughed and said,
"Well, there's nothing to it. • I can
beat this kid, and when the Frisco
sports see me go they will agree with
my backers that I have a license to
£rr» Tin ."i«inct fnrhntf "
The only time that the "Kid" was
knocked out was In Montana a few
months ago, when he took a contract
to put Mexican Herrera to the land of
bliss in a few moments. But the
swarthy one double crossed the "Kid"
and, of course, it surprised every one
that knows the fighting game.
Nevertheless. Broad thinks that he
can beat Hanlon. He will go into
training at once and a few days 1 work
will fix him up for any kind of a fight.
He never trains more than a week
and, strange to say, Is always in good
trim when he steps into the roped
arena.
Broad is heralded as one of the
toughest fist artists before the public
10-day. For years he has been at the
jjame and he has always demonstrat
ed his willingness to take a beating
and at the same time fight back and
give his opponent a run for the hon
ors.
"Kid" Broad, the man that fights
every night in the week if it is nec
essary; made a quiet entry into San
Francisco yesterday morning. The
"Kid" was stopping in New Orleans
for a few weeks and watching 'em run
at the track, but as soon as he heard
that it was possible to go a few with
the gloves >ti this city he bought a
ticket, and now he's here.
Broad will b<? Eddie Hanlon's next
opponent if everything goes right. The
boys are matched to go twenty rounds
under the auspices of the San Fran
cisco Athletic Club next Friday even
ing at catch weights, though they will
both tip the scales at about 130
pounds when the clash begins.
Among the busers suspended are the
cream of the amateur talent in this
City, and perhaps in the country. Those
under the ban are Sam Berger and
<Jeorge Sullivan, heavy- weights; George
Murray and William Stewart, light
heavy-weights; Joe Thomas and George
Peterson, welter-weights; John Burke
and Robert Lundie, lightweights; Abe
Label and Al Elkins. feather-weights,
and Joseph Kelly and John Bowles,
bantam-weights.
The promoters of the Sequoia Athletic
Ciub of Oakland were also cited to ap
pear before the committee on the same
<harg:e. It is alleged that that club has
also been holding professional exhibi
tions with amateur licenses, and in all
probability their license will be taken
away, and the death blow to the "ama
teur" fighting game will be dealt on
both sides of the bav.
When the Lincoln Club pulled off its
mammoth "amateur" carnival the
members of the Pacific Amateur Asso
ciation . became suspicious that every
thing was not all right and began an
Investigation. They learned that many
of 'those that took part received money,
the principal offender being Sam Berger,
>vhq is all«><jed to have been handed
JKiOO by the promoters of the club.
Then the association people pried still
further into the affair and discovered
many other things that made the ex
hibition look like a professional one to
them. When the committee, composed
of George James, Herbert Hauser and
Thomas Harris, met yesterday after
noon their minds were fully made up,
ana they immediately voted to blacklist
every boxer that took part in the Lin
coln Club's show, and also to cite the
members of the club to appear before
the committee next Friday night and
explain the matter thoroughly.
The amateur boxing game in this city
mas dealt a blow yesterday by the Pa
cific Amateur Association that will in
all probability eliminate that line of
eport hen? for good. After a deal of
consideration and thought the registra
tion committee of the association met
a.nd voiod to blacklist every so-called
•ainateur* boxer that took part in the
exhibition given by the Lincoln Club
last Tuesday right, and a!?o cited the
officials of the club to appear before
the committee r.ext Friday night and
ebon- cause v.hy they should not be ex
pelled from the amateur ranks.
Thip move on the part of the associa
tion is as sudden as it i«= crushing, and
tvill come like a thunderbolt to the pro
moters of the alleged "amateur" fisli
ouJT-game now doin? business here.
For many moons the members of the
association have sought a chance ro
stop, the amateur boxing exhibitions,
claiming that they were professional in
«*very sense of the word, but the oppor
tunity did not arrive until last week.
Bo^ristration Committee of P. A.
A. Deals Hard Blow to Pro
moters of Boxing Events
.Want s to Sign Up With Young
Corbett Should He Be Suc
cessful Against Local Boy
Mike Sweeney, official caller at the
Chicago tracks, was an onlooker at
Oakland yesterday. Mike just crossed
the hills to see his friends and pick a
few winners.
The well-known Jockey Johnny Woods
died at Beaumont. Cal., Sunday even
ing, where he had gone in quest of
health, a -sufferer from dread tubercu
losis. The deceased rider was born in
Edinburgh, Scotland, twenty-one years
ago, and at different stages of his turf
career, which began in 1895. had piloted
horses from the stables of Mat Storn
Barney Schrelber, Burns & Water
house, John W. Schorr and Durnell &
Herz. Johnny was a determined fin
isher and when in form could hold his
own with the best riders on the West
ern tracks. Just before leaving for
Beaumont, some days ago, he told a
friend he was possessed of $15,000. but
that he would rather have $1 and his
health. The body will be brought to
Oakland for interment.
Following are to-day's entries:
First race — Futurity course; 4-year-olds and
up; selling:
¦ 0810 Batidor (Fine) ' O l
G704 Creedmore (McNames) ""1*96
57-10 •Puss In Boots (Josephs) s*
4C4S Sim W (McCafferty) 1**107
0738 My Surprise (Rogers) i»V
r>CS."S Cracko (Levy) , ..OS
ST.'.S Rlnaldo (Siskiyou Stable)........, '"* «V,
0714Dr. Sherman (White) on
677« Flyer (Ryan) of
E77«»E1 Chihuahua (Spiers)..... '" «y:
67SU The Sillier (McNeil) " yj
CC78 *PriPEtlike (Snider) *4
57SIS Bassenzo (Walz) ¦¦'** .»o
0714 'Dandle. Belle (Winter & Co.) '.'.'. ss
Second race— Seven furlonrs; 3-year-olds
veiling: <
5505 Instructor (Boots & IIollenbeck)......107
(5S14)*The Cure (Fisher) .... W>
OMtt'Dorice (Schrelber) ' ;»r
(.'.SCO) Scherzo (Pueblo Stable) 107
M30 "Ethel Abbott (Miller) j)7
57(i4 Atwood (HeminRTay) 107
Third race — Futurity course; 4-year-oJds and
up; - selling:
i5693)Glendenninir (Hammond) 102
r.716 'Alice Carey (Bell) .... ju
Wart •Rollick (Jones) ,10°
r.812»Lady Bimbo (Fcrbes & Lagoria) »1
ftS22 •Uletma (Hobb) ioo
SSIO Rustic Girl (Fitzgerald) 07'
57«« 'Nullah (M*Kenzl») ioo
CSOS Motmtebanf (Keating & Co.). 107
.... Ecome (Blakeman) . ................ .110
(573$)*AlBaretta (Murray) 05
5044 *Brennus (Judge) a:j
D7G4 Goddess of Nisht (Parks) ............ 100
Fourth raee — One and, a sixteenth miles
threc-rcar-olds and up; -purse: • :
6S2« Jockey Club (Fisher) ...... 110
CWt) Mendon (Dayton & Co.) ...... i. 07
fi"9l Dunsjannon (Knebelkamp & Coj...... 90
W33 Soothsayer (Lamasney . Bros.). ... . . .'.102
B791 Red Cross Nurs* (Brown) ..."..;. 95
(577f>)Ben MacDhul (Ryan) .............. . ,f£L
f>F2Ji Stuyve (L*nterman) r.110!
• fi"r-5 Leader (Jennings & Co.). .105
B7C7 Daisy Green (Follansbee) . . .......... .100
¦ 'Fifth • race— Five and; a: half, furlongs:
maiden three-year-old fillies; selltns:
nsoo 'Forest Fire (McCabe & Co.) ..104
RKftO 'Mortllo R (Graffort & Co.)..........112
B743 'Floriana Belle (Miller & Co.)........l(Vt
5613 'Mary Dunn (Bender & Co.)... ..lOi
John Condon, owner of Harlem track,
Chicago, accompanied by Martin Na
thanson, will pay California a visit
next month.
Hildebrand was fined $50 by Starter
Dwyer for breaking through the bar
rier with His Eminence.
It has been discovered that Kentish
Shrew, raced here by Lamasney Bros,
as a two and three year old, is really a
four-year-old. The stewards have ex
onerated the flrpi owning the mare
from any intent of wrongdoing in the
matter, as they purchased her last June
in the East from John Madden as a
two-year-old and supposed her to be
such. ;
Some day when Mike Daly gets tired
of putting up Willie Daly on Lapidus
the little gelding will win a race.
Willie had previously tossed off two
races and in they mile and seventy
yard selling fixture yesterday made it
three straight. Getting almost left at
the post, Willie then took the gelding
the overland route, and, on pounds the
best horse, finished sixth. Oliphant,
astride Lady Kent, the 13 to 5 favorite,
rode a well judged race, scoring
cleverly at the finish from Searcher, a
12 to 1 shot. Norford was a well
backed horse, but Bell could accom
plish nothing with him. Some day he
may do better. J
Frank Reagan's luck appears to
have taken a change for the better.
His chestnut horse, Xamtor, . closed
qeual favorite with Telephone for the
mile and a sixteenth selling number,
and. enjoying a fresh breeze and clear
sailing from 1 the time of weighing
anchor, was returned on easy first,
with Wonderly in the saddle. Sammy
Greenfield, on Telephone, was badly
interfered with on the first turn, but
managed to finish second, less than a
length before His Eminence.
In the mile and seventy yard run
Frank Woods was back with all his
speed, defeating Optimo and Bill Mas
sie quite handily. The odds against
Woods reached 21 to 5 and were then
played down to 18 to 5. Larsen again
had the mount, and, never being far
out of it at any stage of the running,
the old gelding finished with his usual
supply of speed, disposing of the pace
maker, Optimo, by nearly -a length.
(Jawaine, the favorite, was fourth.
Chickadee ran a very poor race.
NOTES OF THE TRACK.
She trailed Targette into the stretch,
and then in a drive beat the Fountain
entry out half a length. Harbor, a 15
to 1 outsider, downed Lustijr a head
for the show.
A very ordinary bunch of maidens
started in the two-year-old scramble,
with Eduardo, from the Burns &
Waterhouse stable, being enthroned
favorite At odds of 9 to 5. He was
bothered some in the stretch turn and
finished third. Bill Short, a 10 to 1
shot, led to the bend for home and
would have won had he not run out.
Speaker Fontana also "took to the
brush," carrying Sea Air out with him.
Jack Martin then skinned the rail
with Mogregor, getting a head decis
ion at the wire from Sea Air.
Of the four favorites that were
rocked to sleep at Oakland track yes
terday Haeerdon carried the heaviest
commission. The Frank entr.y went
to the post a 4 to 5 favorite for the
final seven furlong purse event, and
after looking: all over a winner was
beaten out by the Eastern mare Fu
turita, the second choice. The victory
was a justly deserved one, for Futurita
looked dead beaten on the stretch turn.
Hildebrand, who had the mount, did
not give up though, and catching the
faint-hearted favorite near the pad
dock, earned the verdict by nearly a
length. Soothsayer was a good third.
The fields in the different races were
not above mediocrity, although fur
nishing some very good sport. Business
in the ring: was lively and the usual
large Monday crowd -was present.
With Dell Fountain's Targrette a
favorite in the betting:, Flo Manola, a
50 to 1 shot, bobbed up as winner of
the opening sprint. The filly had not
been to the post before in some weeks
and was almost forgotten.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
MANAGERS MUST EXPLAIN
LOOKS LIKE A FIGHTER
Flo Manola, a 50 to 1 Shot in the Betting, Takes the Open
ing Event at Oakland— Namtor Ahead of Telephone.
Frank Woods First— Lady Kent Disposes of Her Field
So-Called Amateurs That Took
Part in Lincoln Club's Show
• Are Placed Under the Ban
Cleveland Pugilist Arrives and
Will Make Ready for His
Battle With Eddie Hanlon
MANY FIGHTERS
ARE SUSPENDED
BROAD THINKS
HE'S A WINNER
FUTURITA STANDS A DRIVE GAMELY,
DEFEATING THE FAVORITE HAGERDON
SHERIFF RAIDS
SPLIVALO HOME
COIN IS WON
ON LONG SHOTS
Favorites Have a Ycry Disas
trous Day in the Racing at
Ascot Park in Los Angeles
Well-Known Lawyer Is Threat
ened With Ejection on Order
of Superior Judge Hebbard
HIBERNIA BANK COMPLAINS
MONEY FOR 'THE CROWD
Property Given as Security for
Debt by 3Irs. F. Portener,
a Daughter of the Attorney
Ocean Dream Wins Handily
From Cruzados and Lowers a
Track Record for Six Furlongs
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 25.— Long: shots
gladdened the -.hearts of the big 1 crowd
at Ascot to-day. It was ladies' day
and more than 4000 of the fair sex
were present. Favorites had a bad day.
The first and second races furnished
the big surprises, Agnes Mack, at 15
to 1, taking the first and Ocyrohe, at
the same odds, winning the second.
Lunar, the.odds-on favorite, failed to
get In the money in the third race,
Farmer Jim, at 7 to 1, winning; Mer
wan second and El Fonse third. The
fourth brought out Cruzados and Felipe
Lugo, carrying Baldwin's colors, and
Ocean Dream. There were three others
in the race, but, they cut very little
figure in the betting. p
Baldwin's entry and Ocean Dream
were equal favorites at even money,
but went to 6 to 5 at post time. Ocean
Dream won handily from Cruzados,
lowering the track record for six fur
longs to 1:13%. Montana Peeress won
the fifth from Dolly Hayman. the 2
to 5 favorite. Hayman was best, but
Lowe, the jockey, was unable to help
her at the finish. The Judges suspended
Lowe for incompetency. Dupont was
third.
Buccleuth won the last, race by a
nose from Evander, Thisbe third. Evan
der was played from 5 to 1 to 2 to 1.
while Buccleuth receded from 8 to 5
to 11 to 5 at post time. Weather per
fect:, track good. Results:
First race, five furlongs, selling— Agnes
Mack, 1CW (J. Booker). 1» to 1. won; J. V.
Klrby. 112 <E. Walsh). 6 to 1, second; Tower
of Candle*, 115 (Blrkenruth). 6 to 5. third.
Time, 1:02. Sceptre. Cardwellton, Athetrose,
Maresa. Minnie Arnett, Xellie May. Mac
Flecknoe and The Covtnanter also ran.
Second race, Slauson course, selling — Ocy
rohe. 103 (Buxton), 15 to 1, won; Iluapala. 107
( J - Lewis). 9 to 1. second: Columbia Girl. 98
(J. Booker). 10 to 1, third. Time. 1:11%.
Samar, Lady Bellair. Strife. Negrusca, Quest,
Dargln and Martronia finished as named.
Third race, selling, one mile and a six
teenth — Farmer Jim, 105 (Felcht), 6 to 1,
won; Merwan, 07 (J. Lewis), 8 to 1. second;
El Fonse. 102 (Buxton). 4 to 1. third. Time,
1:4S»$. Frank McKee. Martin Brady, Invictus,
Dotterel and Lunar also ran. i
Fourth race, six furlongs — Ocean I>ream, 105
(Phillips). 6 to 5, won; Cruzados, 112 (J. Bo
land). 0 to 5. second; Pat Bulger, 9." (Knapp),
20 to 1, third. Time. 1:13ft. Blumenthal,
Denzll and Felipe Lugo also ran. Cruzadoa
and Felipe Lugo coupled.
. Fifth race, one mile and seventy Thirds,
selling — Montana Peeress, 92 (J. Lewis). 10
to 1, non; Dolly Hay man. 92 (Lowe), 2 to 5.
second; Dupont. 94 (E. Walsh), 6 to 1, third.
Time, 1:46. Cloche d'Or and Dodie S also
ran. ,
Sixth race, six and a half furlongs, selling
— Buccleuth. 110 (J. Boland). 11 to 5, won;
Kvander. 106 (Buxton). 2 to 1. second; This
bee. 100 <J. Lewis). 4 to 1, third. Time. 1:22.
Cancjo. Little Margaret. < Paddla B. Quizado.
Iras and Urbaoo also ran.
Fourth race, one mile and seventy
yards — Fort Plain won, Footlights Fa
vorite second, Mad Mullah third.
Time, 1:46.
Fifth race, one and a sixteenth
miles, selling — Lee King won. Gravina
second. Dr. Hart third. Time. 1:47 4-5.
Sixth race, one mile — St. Tammany
won. Dr. Stephens second, Bessie Mc-
Carthy third. Time, 1:41.
Second race, six furlongs — Bound
ling won, Tithonic second, Russell
Garth third. Time, 1:13 2-5.
Third race, one mile, selling — Mac-
Beth won, Erbe second, Blue Mint
third.. Time, 1:41 4-5. -
Purse Earners at New Orleans.
NEW ORLEANS. Jan. 25. — Crescent
City summary:
First race, six furlongs, selling —
Preakness won, Agnes Brennan sec
ond, Ralph Young third. Time,
1:14 1-5.
There was chaos in the residence cf
Augustus D. Splivalo, a well-known at
torney, at 1120 Washington street test
evening. A squad of deputy sheriffs
descended upon the place soon after
5 o'clock and in a short time all the
furniture and equipments of the base
ment and first floor were piled upon the
sidewalk. It was due to the charity of
the deputy in charge of the case that
the entire family was not driven out
of doors and forced to seek shelter else
where. They were permitted to remain
in their quarters on the second story
for the night under condition that they
should not attempt to cart any of the
property that had been taken out back
into the premises.
The trouble is one of long standing.
It appears that Mrs. Florenda Por
tener. a daughter of the attorney, bor
rowed $10,000 from the Hibernia Sav
ings and Loan Society In 1897. At that
time It was supposed that Mrs. Por
tener was the sole owner of the prem
ises and the banking company consid
ered the property as security. Litiga
tion followed and a portion of the
money was paid, but a balance still
remained. Then it was discovered that
Mrs. Splivalo. wife of the attorney,
claimed title to the security and ig
nored the debt of her daughter.
Judge Hebbard issued a writ of as
sistance after 4 o'clock yesterday af
ternoon. The Hibernia Bank people,
through their attorney, secured the
order and the papers were soon in the
possession of the Sheriffs officers.
Eight deputy sheriffs started for the
Washington street residence. The
writ commanded them to go and enter
upon the premises and to eject and re
move therefrom all and every person
holding or detaining the same. Au
gustus D. Splivalo nnct his wife. Cata
lina Splivalo, were particularly named
as occupants and their removal was
expected as well as that of the daugh
ter, Florencia Portener.-
The work of demolition was com
menced at once. Furniture was carted
out and placed upon the sidewalk and
carpets were torn from the floors.
Even the property contained in the
yard was removed. Deputy Sheriff
Jesse Galland, who has charge of such
matters, then arrived on the scene and
directed the work. Splivalo watched as
operations continued. He threatened
the Sheriff with an action for damages
and told those that were engaged in
dismantling the rooms that they
should be proud of desecrating: a habi
tation in which the nobility of many
lands had been entertained at one time
or another.
Splivalo finally became pathetic and
his daughters joined in an appeal that
they should not be turned into the
streets without sufficient notice. Gal
land relented in his determination to
strip the house and left the UDDer por
tion, which is occupied by the family,
untouched. But the work of demo
lition will be continued to-day. If the
attorney does not remove the personal
property which has been set upon the
pavement the Board of Public Work*
will be notified and he will be charged
for its storage.
"When the officers arrive this morning
to take possession of the second storr
of the house a lively time Is expected,
but they will be prepared to execute
the writ unless restrained by the
courts. It is the intention of Solivalo
to apply to Judge Hebbard for a re
straining order, but whether or not It
will be granted is yet a matter of con
jecture.
REBELS AGAIN
SHOW ACTIVITY
SAN DOMINGO. Saturday, Jan. 21—
San Pedro de Macoris has aerafn been
occupied by the rebels and General
Seybo has Joined the revolution.
Minister of "War Cabrera is der-1 as
the result of a wound received In a
fight w:th the rebels at Los Uacos.
President Morales left here this
morning for Porto Plata on the Domin
ican gunboat Presidente.
An American named Apson succeeded
in reaching this place last night atter
having much difficulty with the rebels,
who did not want him to come.
The siege of this place continues. th«
prices of provisions are rising and the
poor are beginning to suffer.
It is now known that the fight at Los
Llanos between Government forces and
the rebels was severe and sanguinary,
but further details are lacking.
Near-sighted— the close observer.
MANY AMATEUR PUGILISTS, ACCUSED OF RECEIVING MONEY FROM LINCOLN CLUB, ARE BLACKLISTED
fHE SAN FRAN CISCO CALL, TUESDAY, TANUAR Y 2(5, 100-1.
8
¦ ¦ - ; ADVERTISEMENTS. \
JOINTS AHDKUSCLES SWOLLEN AND STIFF J|§r^\
A disease \so painful and far-reaching in its effects ''
ipou the human system as Rheumatism, must have a deep \*|?f§fe$' f
and well-latd foundation. It originates and develops in w|!l /
the blood, and, like, other diseases of the blood, is fre- '^A^^*^^%>
quently inherited. The poisonous acids with which the j&MCT»j^l^lffl
blood is charged circulate through the system, breaking
down the health, irritating " . '
the nerves, settling in joints Ihada..v 8 r.
and muscles, and causing the tism. I was laid up in bed for aix months, and th»
sharp, cutting pains peculiar
to Rheumatism. Unless the iwaed to help m». FinmUy X lift o* tneir medi-
blood is purified, joints and t\lZ£? oi %*?£\™£&££ k £^^"2
muscles become coated With- could not close them when opened. Iwasrsttlnc
the acrid matter and are ren- "l^SS L e^ J!l h *" JiSSS 11 . 8 - £' a^ but •¦ *» aw "
Jered stiff and- sore* and the wSiVmSf * »*. contiaa8 «.*^to-d*ay .masound,
nerves completely wrecked. 1355 Mt. Vernon Are. It. H. CHAPMAN.
Rheumatism, being a constitutional blood disease, requires internal treat-
ment. 'Liniments, plasters and such things as are applied outwardly give
x— NX^S/**S onl y tem PC.rary relief - S.S.S. is the recognized great-
f^J vC^ C^5* est of a11 Wood P urifiers and tonics, and in no disease
does it act so prompUy and beneScially as Rheuma-
: t»sm, neutralizing the acids and restoring the blood
. to a pure, healthy condition and invigorating and
toning up the nerves and all parts of the system. It is guaranteed sfrictlv
vegetable. Write us should you desire medical advice, which will cost you
nothing. 0 ATLANTA, GJU
ADVERTISEMENTS.
PIVP PFIMTPQ
a 1 T JLl VJLIVI '^
BEST SMOKE ON EARTH
ON SALE EVERYWHEREBERLIN, Jan. 25. — Lieutenant
Schubert of the One Hundred and
Seventh Infantry was shot and killed
in a duel on Sunday with another offi
cer of the Chemnitz garrison. The
duel was the result of a personal quar
rel.
Lieutenant Killed in a Duel.
MANILA, Jan. 25. — It has just been
learned here that Lieutenant Campbell
W. Flake of the Twenty-second In
fantry was killed while trying to enter
Moro Cotta, in Mindanao, for the pur
pose of examining the locality, ac
companied by Private Foy of the same
regiment. He was shot treacherously,
the Moros" firing on the party while
Major Bullard was parleying with
them. Moro Cotta was at once taken
by assault, with no further loss to the
expeditionary forces. The estimated
loss among the Moros is twenty .killed.
Lieutenant of Twenty -Second Infantry
Is Killed While ReconnoitcrlnJC
Near Moro Cotta.
FI/AKE SHOT DOWN BY
TREACHEROUS XATIVES
L.A CROSSE. Wis.. Jan. 25.— As a re
sult of momentary negligence on the
part of Mrs. Edward Schmidt, her 16
months-old baby Mathilda was placed
in an oven by Mary, a child of five
years, and burned to a crisp.
Mrs. Schmidt had heated the oven
preparatory to baking bread and it was
almost redhot. She left her three
little girls, including the baby, in the
kitchen while she chopped more fuel
in a woodshed about fifty feet from
the house. When she returned the
baby was missing, but her questions
to the other children brought no in
formation. After searching the house
she smelled the odor of cooking flesh,
and, rushing to the stove, Jerked open
the oven door. The child's body, baked
to a crJsp. was disclosed.
It appears that the five-year-old sis
ter, believing the infant was cold,
sought to warm it and, pushing it Into
the oven, closed the door and then for
got it.
When the mother opened the oven
door the draught caused the clothing
of the child to burst into flames and
charred its already blackened body un
til it was almost unrecognizable. Un
able to pull the flaming corpse from
the stove, the frantic mother ran
screaming for help, and when the body
was at last recovered little remained.
Special DUi>atch to The Call
Little Girl, Believing Infant Is
Cold and Needs Warming*,
Causes Its Horrible Death
PUTS THE BABE
INTO AN OVEN
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 25.— The Governor's
office to-dcy issued a* requisition upon the
Governor of Minnesota for the return to San
Francisco of James Walters, the bellboy
wanted for the robbery of the Colonial Hotel.
In which he secured much valuable Jewelry and
diamonds about three weeks ago. ¦ .- " -;¦ •
Younsr Thieves Make Confesssion.
SALINAS. Jan. 25. — Frederick Cole-
grove and Harry Hill, two boys,
neither of whom is over 13 years old,
were arrested here to-day and are held
awaiting the arrival of a constable
from Rocklin, Placer County, where
they are wanted for stealing $90 from
a rancher. The boys acknowledge
their guilt, but claim that the act was
done at the suggestion of others
FANTA CLARA. Jan. 25.— Outwitting their
Sri'-ndii. two your.sr people of this plarf were
rr.arriod UU ir.cmii'.g at th*> homo of the
bridffi parents. They are Miss T. Emily
I'f.rlfi: damrt-.lcr of County Cl*-rk Pflnter, «nd
""hrnias M. I-.an<5rtim, manager and secretary
cf the C <'. :»5 . .r .-• 8»>p(l Company. None but
fhe tamily w«re prpw-nt. Th* ceremony was
i.» * a. m.. Hie R#>v. Mr. Orwham. rector of
Trinity Church. Jian Jos*, officiating.
SAN JOSE. Jan. 25. — Mother and
daughter made a- double funeral this
afternoon. These were Mrs. Rebecca
HobbB and Miss Etta Hobbs. The
death of the latter was accidental.
Miss Hobbs was suffering with a cold
rind Friday night she arose to take
cough medicine. In the darkness she
drank from a bottle of carbolic acid
and swallowed some before she knew
what it was. Death resulted almost
instantly. ' . .
. Mrs. Hobbs had been ill for some
with rheumatism .and yesterday she
died. She was not informed of her
daughter's death and had been uncon
scious since Friday. She. was -71 years
of age and a f native of Ohio and had
been a resident of California for more
than fifty years. Miss Etta Hobbs was
35 years of age.' They leave a:hus
band and father, William Hobbs, and a
number of brothers and sisters.
Funeral Ceremony. a Sad Incident in
the History of a Family in
San Jose.
MOTHER- AND DAUGHTER
BORNE TO THE GRAVE
PANAMA, Jan. 25.— The constitu
tional convention continued the dis
cussion of the. proposed lesiglation thl»
afternoon and an article prohibiting
rambling in the republic of Panama
v. as approved.
No Gambling at Panama.
PLEA.SAXTOX, J«n. 25.— William
Palmtag. president of the Tres Pinos
Hank and former president of the
Board of Supervisors of San Benito
County, is dangerously ill from blood
poisoning at the home of his sister,
Mrs. K. Geyser. He la under the care
«>f Dr. A. J. Dean and Dr. Cope.
Bank President Dangeronsly III.
EUREKA, ( Jan. 25. — Charles Per
roni, who was compelled by a mob
Saturday night to marry Millie M.
Jewett, to-day instituted suit to have
the marriage annulled. The complaint
alleges that on January 23 a crowd
of men surrounded Perroni, laid vio
lent hands on him and in an angry
and threatening manner demanded
whether or not he would marry the
defendant at once. It is declared that
if he did not consent to the marriage
forthwith something worse would hap
pen; that some members of the mob
took off their coats and used vile lan
guage toward the plaintiff and threat
ened that they would tar and feather
him and would then ride him on a
rail and throw him into the bay if he
did not consent at once to marry the
defendant.
Perroni states that he believed the
mob would carry out the threats and
consented to the marriage; that there
upon the mob procured a hack and
four of its members took the plain
tiff to the County Clerk's office and
compelled him to procure a marriage
license and then took him to the resi
dence of the woman, and. procuring a
Justice of the Peace, compelled him to
go through a marriage ceremony.
Compulsory Marital Ceremony Re
sults in an Application for a
lA'zal Annulment.
MARRIAGE IS CAUSE
OF EUREKA LAWSUIT
• OAKLAND, Jan. l'5. — Robert J.
McDowell, a native of Canada, died
to-day aft«*r a residence of ten days In
this city, where he came in search of
health from his home in Ontario, by
way of Cape Horn. His wife accom
panied him and sho will take the re
mains io Ontario for interment.
Dies After Ijoiijj Journey.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 25.— John Mc-
Laren, superintendent of Golden Gate
Park, held a conference in Sacramento
to-day with the trustees of Sutter's
Fort and A. B. Nye, Governor Pardee's
private secretary, with reference to
the improvement of the grounds sur
rounding the historic Sutter's Fort.
The fort, which was the haven of
the weary pioneers who crossed the
plains in the early days and beneath its
roof sought safety from hostile In^
dians, was purchased some years ago
by the Native Sons of the Golden
West and presented to the State. The
State has agreed to care for the fort
and the grounds surrounding it, which
are quite suacious.
After looking over the ground Mr.
McLaren to-day announced that he
would draw up plans embodying his
suggestions and would present them to
the trustees within two weeks. It is
his idea. to plant native "trees and
shrubs on the grounds, thus making
them distinctively Calffornian. The
trustees heartily indorsed Mr. Mc-
Laren's suggestions, and pending the
submission of formal plans will make
preparations for the approaching im
provements.
POINT niCHMOND, Jan. 25.— W. A.
\VaIkor, who has been connected with
•a number of unions in this city in an
official capacity, was to-night kicked
on the head by a horse while he wis
•trying to persuade a stableman to he
ff.me a member of the Teamsters'
I'nion. He is seriously injured and
tney die.
Kicked on Head by Horse.
The crime was committed near
Lovelock last summer. A vigorous ef
fort is to be made at Carson to save
these men. One is Al Linderman,
alias Frank Williams, of Stockton, Cal.
Another, whose alias is Gorman, is re
lated to a family in San Francisco.
All were traveling as hobos at the time
the murder was committed.
The man known as Sevner had been
released from San Quentin but a few
weeks previous to the commission of
the crime.
WINNEMUCCA, Nev., Jan. 25.—At
torneys appeared in the District Court
of Nevada here to-day and filed notice
of an appeal to the Supreme Court in
the case of the State against Fred
Roberts, T. F. Gorman, J. P. Sevner
and Frank Williams, sentenced on No
vember 16 last to be hanged on Feb
ruary 5 for the murder of Jack Welch.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Celebrated Site in Sacramento
Is to Be 3Iade Beautiful With
California's Finest Foliage
"The Beauty Shop" is still attracting
large crowds to Fischer's. The show
is deservedly popular.
Fischer's.
Strong Effort Being 1 Made to
Prevent theExecution of Four
'* Convicted Men in Nevada
Tivoll.
"When Johnny Comes Marching
Home" began the third week of its
run at the Tivoll last night with a large
house.
Arrested for Burglary.
• POINT RICHMOND, Jan. 25.— O.
Wylie was arrested to-night by Deputy
Sheriff Moitoza for burglary. The sa
1'wn of W. J. Hayes was entered last
r:*ght and the marks of a chisel showed
m here the work had been done. A
chisel which fitted these marks and a
lot of plot machine keys were found
upon Wylie.
STATE'S TREES
FOR THE FORT
LAWYERS TRY
TO SAVE LIVES
Cures Colds in France.
LAXATIVE BROMO QUIXINE. Ta get the
genulnp, call for the full name. 25 cents. •
Horse Trainer Accused and Arrested.
VENTURA, Jan. 25. — A. C. Dietz. a
capitalist of Oakland, who owns the
Ferndale ranch near Santa Paula, has
caused trie arrest of P. J. Doyle. C. L.
Dietz also made complaint against
Doyle, alleging a breach of the peace
by assault. A. C. Dietz alleges that
Doyle has threatened his life. Doyle
is a hors'e trainer and has been car
ing for thoroughbreds at the Ferndale
ranch. Doyle claims that there is
money due him and he desires pay
ment.
Milton's "Paradise Lost" at Auction.
LONDON, Jan. 25. — The manuscript
of Milton's "Paradise Lost" was of
fered for sale at auction to-day, but
the reserve price, $25,000, not being
reached, it was withdrawn after a bid
of $23,750 had been made. So far as
ascertainable no American was among
the bidders.
in the Police Court of drunkenness
and was given the usual sentence of
$6 fine or three days' imprisonment
OAKLAND. Jan. 25. — William G.
Bond was discharged in the Police
A.'ourt to-day after trial on a charge of
embezzlement made by J. R. Mont
gomery, his former partner in the
California Scale Company. Decision
ia the case of J. D. Dally, another
partner, also accused by Montgomery,
was continued until Wednesday. Mont
gomery whs found guilty this morning
Partnership Troubles.
Montague's cockatoo circus, exhibit
ed at the Chutes yesterday, showed
what perfection could be reached in
bird training. The feathered actors
were heartily applauded at both per
formances. Deely and Shean proved
clever talkers and singers; Koplin.
Fowler and Koplin gave a finished
acrobatic act, and Barr and La Salle
made a hit with their paper tearing
exhibition. Mabel Lamson, in new
Illustrated songs. Deaves' merry
manikins and the animatoscope, show
ing many novel and amusing moving
pictures, completed the new pro
gramme. The amateurs will appear
on Thursday night.
Chutes.
"Quo Vadis," in six acts and eight
scenes, from Sienkiewicz's historical
novel, was put on last night at the
Central with scenery, costumes and tab
leaux that delighted the large audi
ence. The full force of the Central
Theater company, with many additions
in the line of stalwart youths and pret
ty girls, was utilized for the produc
tion of this picturesque drama, and the
enthusiastic reception accorded the
play on its first representation proved
that the efforts of the management to
excel itself had not been made in vain.
The scening of the piece was most elab
orate and the costumes historically cor
rect and replete with color and con
trasts.
Central.
It must be considered the fault of
Hall Caine if "The Eternal City" does
not absolutely please, for really Ed
ward Morgan and his company do all
in their power to make the ponderous
plot move along with some liveliness,;
Those who like Hall Caine's stories
may like his plays, but there is a rea
sonable doubt whether this latest pro
duction of the Manx author will whol
ly satisfy even them. If it does not.
the actors cannot be held in any way
accountable.
The mere piling up of one awful
catastrophe upon another does not
constitute a good drama. Neither
does it profit that the sacredness of
the relierious idea in the embodiment
of the Holy Father himself be invoked
to help out the plot. All this aside,
however, "The Eternal City" contains
one great scene and that almost re
deems? the drag and the halts in the
remainder of the play. This, the cli
max of the plot, gives Frederick de
Belleville. Miss Sarah Truax and Ed
ward Morgan a wonderful opportunity
for a display of their art. They make
California.
This was the conclusion reached oy j
Dr. Lucas «>f this city, but a complete <
examination of the brain and lungs <if ;
fhe deceased was made to be sure that i
a murder had not been committed. The j
two doctors decided that death came ',
from exposure and alcoholism. I'pon i
th- rendering of the verdict W. J. i
Davis and James Clancey, the two I
companions of Sexton when he died, ¦
ivere reloapt'd fmm custody. Sheriff i
V ale had both Clancey and Davis un- !
di-r.arrcsi in Maniacs upon suspicion !
<jf murder.
POINT RICHMOND. Jan. 25.— It was
officially decided to-day that E. J. Sex
ton was not murdered, but that he came
to his death from exposure on the
marsh while intoxicated. Coroner Cur
ry held an inquost at this point to
night and Dr. William Lucas of Rich
snond and Dr. J. T. Brenman of Mar
tinez testified that they had made a
complete examination of the body and
that th<> shot found in the back did not
cause death.
Men Arrested nu Suspicion of Murder
Discharged When They
Make Report.
I>OCTOnS DECIDE SEXTON' .
DIED FROM EXPOSURE
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Jan. 25.— The
man in custody here charged with
robbing a Wells-Fargo express car
near this city January 20 has been ar
ntierned and the preliminary hearing
has been set for January 27. The sus
pect appears under the name of John
Doe and absolutely refuses to give his
name. He has engaged former Dis
trict Attorney A. E. Campbell to de
fend him and Attorney F. A. Dorn was
appointed by the court to assist Dis
trict Attorney C. A. Palmer with the
prosecution. The defense asked for a
weeks' time, but the prosecution in
sisted on an early hearing, saying that
it would take several days to make the
case and that sufficient time would be
willingly granted to the defense after
ward.
The District" Attorney says he has a
strong case. The detectives are try
ing hard to locate two persons whose
tickets were bought to Guadalupe by
the same person who purchased the
ticket of John Doe to the same place
just before he was arrested.
Official at San Luis Obispo Believes
Kvldence Against Suspected
1 Jobber Is Strong.
DISTRICT ATTORNEY IS
SURE OP HIS CASE
The Alcazar company struggled last
night with Henry Arthur Jones' "The
Masqueraders" and came out even in
the encounter. The play is supposed to
represent the worst phases of English
society, and the characters are certain
ly broadly drawn. Adele Block does
excellent work as Dulcie Larondle.
James Durkin plays David Reraon
with his usual intelligence, and is espe
cially strong in the scene where he wins
at play the wife of Sir Brice Skene, a
villain's part, to which Luke Conness
does full justice. Harry S. Hilliard is
all that can be desired as Montague
Lushington, but if English society is as
bad as he paints it then all one can do
is to invoke the aid of Divine Provi
dence on the said society. Miss Adele
Belgarde plays Helen Larondie with
true womanly grace, but the author
should have presented more of her to
offset the many bad characters he in
troduces in the play. Frances Starr has
not much to do, but she does it well,
and the same can be said of Miss Marie
Howe. John D. Maher is good as Eddie
Remon, and George Osbourne does a,
fine bit of character as Jimmy Stokes.
The piece is well staged, and after
the players have thoroughly familiar
ized themselves with their lines will go
smoothly and be on a par with some
of the Alcazar's best successes.
Alcazar.
SALT LAKE, Utah, Jan. 25.— The dis
covery of cliff dwellings in Utah far
ther north than they have ever before
been found has been brought to the
attention of the local branch of the
American Institute of Archaeology. An
expedition is being planned to make a
scientific investigation of the ruins, of
which nothing has ever before been
written. They are in Nine-Mile Canyon
and the branches are about forty-five
miles northwest of Price and Carbon
County and close to the line of Emery
County. They are within twenty miles
of Biw>cks Station upon the stage line
running from Price to Fort Duchesne
and Vernal, which has been the scene
of sevei-al bloody tragedies. So far as
known the only explorations . of the
cliff houses made to date vas by -a
party headed by L. S. Dickinson of
Salt Lake. There are probably at
least a dozen cliff dwellings in this vi
cinity and perhaps, saia Dickinson,
most of them are so high that it is im
possible to get to them by ordinary
means. They were able to reach only
three and had great difficulty in doing
that. They found dried corn, some
stones used in grinding it and a little
pottery such as is obtained from the
cliff dwellings in the San Juan country.
Professor Byron Cummings of the
University of Utah said this afternoon:
"I never before heard of the existence
of these cliff dwellings north of Price.
I am anxious to see them. I intend to
bring the matter to the attention of the
Archaeological Institute with a view
to having a thorough and scientific in
vestigation undertaken."
Special Dispatch to The Call,
Germain was allowed by court to
visit the child once a week, and every
%ppk s=ino<» the divorce he has called
at his divorced wife's home to see the
boy.
"It has been the one terror of rr.y
lif^ that he would steal the child, anil
now my worst (ear has been realized,"
Mrs. Germain said to-day.
Funday afternoon, she said, her hus
band came as usual to see the bow
Th«-y went nut for an auto ride to
gether, after her husband, she sail,
had promised faithfully that the child
would return safely. Since then sne
ha? seen nothing of either her child or
his father.
warrant for the arrest or her former
husband In Judge Evcrat's court to
day. Kidnaping is the charge specified
.in the warrant. Mrs. Germain is cer
tain her !>' y l-"'is been stolen by her
former husbnn<1. who is now supposed
to be in New York preparing for flight
to Europe.
• • Germain, who is the eon of a rich
fruit raiser in California, has been th»
I Chicago agent tfor a number of West
#m fruit growers for years. He secured
a divorce from his wife nearly two
years apo. Hoth husband and wife, ac
cording to Mrs. Germain's story, were
• devotedly attached to their Feven-year
<>!<1 -son, Edmund, who was the only
child.
CHICAGO. Jan. 2~>. — With a child shs
. had guarded jealously for years, mis*
' ing since he wont for an automobile
Tide with hi? father on Sunday, Mrs.
Charlotte <;rrmain, 3607 Ellis avenue,
the divorced wife of Edwin Germain.
a rich commission agent, swore out a
*:r»'-ja! r>i?i>atch t<- T^ie Call
Calif ornians here generally regret the
contest, as they fear it will defer, if
not absolutely endanger, the location
of camp grounds in California, as
earnest champions of loc.tions in
Washington and other States are here.
Wherever the site is located there will
gather annually the regular army and
National Guard of all Pacific Coast
States for splendid military maneuvers.
Senator Bard has been. authorized to
favorably report from the Committee
on Public Lands the bill providing that
California shall receive j per cent of all
public lands sold within the State. The
I ill was favorably reported in the
House.
Senator Bard, from the Committee on
Public Lands, reported favt rably the
bill for the purchase of the Cc laveras
big trees.
The full report received by wire to
day says the main objection to" Santa
Marguerita ranch is the location of the
town of that name in the center of the
property.- As between the other two.
the sanitary conditions and water and
timber supplies are said to be superior
on the Henry ranch to those of Naci
miento.
The Henry ranch is in San Luis
Obispo County, twenty miles south of
Nacimiento. It is also a little nearer
the ocean and the altitude is higher.
Between it and the ocean there is a
range of mountains. The price asked
for the ranch is $500,000; the price for
Nacimiento is $360,000. Judge J. L.
Stevens of Boone, Iowa, is in the city
in the interest of the Henry ranch and
will appear before the committee,
which will meet to hear all parties on
Thursday.
This had not been done when the re
port was filed by Lieutenant Colonel of
Engineers W. H. Heuer and approved
by G. L. Gillespie, brigadier general
and chief engineer, recommending the
Nacimiento ranch. In conformity with
that report Senator Perkins introduced
a bill providing for an appropriation
for its purchase. The bill was referred
to the Military Committee, where it
has met strong opposition on the part
of friends of the Henry ranch. They se
cured the appointment of a commission
to make the inspection as advised in
the original report, and this was begun
within the past few weeks.
CAL.L. BUREAU, 1406 G STREET. N.
W., WASHINGTON, Jan. 25.— Secretary
Root to-day received a telegram from
Lieutenant Colonel George H. Torney,
deputy United States surgeon general,
and Major William Stevenson, general
surgeon at the Presidio, appointed to
report upon the relative merits of three
sites proposed in California for a mili
tary camp and maneuver ground for
the army in the West. These three sites
are the Nacimiento, Santa Marguerita
and Henry ranches. In Monterey and
Sun Luis Obispo counties. Each con
tains more than 20,000 acres and all
were favorably reported upon by the
sub-committee of the general board ap
pointed to seek locations throughout
the United States for the distribution
of the army. A recommendation was
made at that time that a special inspec
tion and report be made as to each on
points touching sanitation and climatic
conditions.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Contest Between Champions of
Several Districts May En
danger This State's Chances
. Mother Alleges That Former
• Spouse Plans to Sail to
.Europe With "Kidnaped Boy
Expedition Will Be Organ
ized to Investigate Remains
WJiich Are Far Out of Reach
But there are several oiher praise
worthy performers in the large com
pany. W. H. Clarke ventilated a bass
voice that forced encores and Edward
Clarke sang with a high, fresh bary
tone, acted artistically and looked
handsome. Charles Prince had a part
that admits of more laughter compel
ling than he invested in it, Edmund
Lawrence made the role of a Celestial
chancellor yield all that it contained,
and John K. Henshaw has augmented
his British-built character with deft
'"business" and interpolated lines until
it conveys amusement to American au
ditors. The feminine contingent ia
weak voqally and strong numerically
and in good looks.
It is a well-dressed show. The scenes
are laid in China and the stage furnisn
ing and costumery are extravagantly
Oriental. In the story there is nothing
to demand attention and the music is
of the rattlety-bang sort, in which
drums and cymbals and gongs are dom
inant—a Chinatown festival din in
measured beats— that made it almost
as acceptable to the cultured ear . as
either rag-time proper or rag-time In
dian. The ensembles were noisy enough
i<> satisfy the most exorbitant stickler
for that sort of thing-, the finale of the
flrFt act being a very effective bit of
thunderous harmony.
"A Chinese Honeymoon" is on for two
weeks, and Miss Toby Claude is suf
ficient of her tiny self to make it at
tractive.
Never did the Columbia Theater har
bor a bigger or noisier show than "A
Chinese Honeymoon," and never was a
more gigantic hit made in any theater
by a more diminutive comedienne than
Miss Toby Claude, who played the part
of a transplanted Cockney waitress.
A daintier, more perfectly proportioned
¦4>H of femininity has seldom been seen
on any stage in San Francisco, and the
folk whom she kept screaming with
laughter last night are ready to as
severate that they never saw one pos
sessed of more genuin; funmakiug
talent. Her make-up amd dialect were
inimitably ludicrous, and her acting
was too comical to permit of accurate
description in cold type. From the mo
ment of her first entrance till the final
curtain shut out her ridiculous figure
from the convulsed people- in front sho
had their rislblea at command.
that end of the fourth act something
to remember. It is powerful.
Mr. Morgan does not have the op
portunity which "The Christian" gave
him. In the last act he does not have
the chance to appear until almost
time for the final curtain bell. The
play seems to be constructed almost
solely for the heroine, but when Mor
gan does have the stage his old tense
style seems to fit the part of the young
radical member of the Deputies per
fectly. Frederick de Belleville has
equal honors with Morgan; his study
of the crafty minister is one of the
best of his many roles. Difficult as the
part of the Holy Father may be, with
its attitude of exalted piety and saint
ly reserve. Prank C. Bangs carries it
in a manner which sustains the exalt
ed spirit necessary.
Miss Truax, who carries the hero
ine's part, has many temptations to
overdo in several of the scenes, but in
the main keeps within limits. Her
emotional scene with De Belleville is
remarkable.
SCIENTISTS TO SEARCH
BITTER RIVALRY STILL ON
XVAKKAXT IS SWORN OUT
Remarkable Discovery of Pre
historic Habitations Made in
Northern Part of the State
War Department Receives Re
port, on Location of Proposed
Military Camp in California
.•Chieajro Lad Is 3Iissing and
• Divorced AVife Declares Ke
lias Bern Hidden by Father
Stage Name Is Toby Claude, and She Is a
Cockney in "A Chinese Honeymoon/'
"The Eternal City" Presented at California
RELICS FILL
UTAH CLIFFS
SAYS HUSBAND
STOLE CHILD
HENRY RANCH
SITE FAVORED
LITTLE WOMAN MAKES BIG HIT
IN SHOW AT COLUMBIA THEATER
rHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 20, 1904.
BERLIN. Jan. 25. — Herr von Vollmar. the
Socialist leader, is suffering from progressive
paralysis and little hope is entertained that he
will ever be able to appear in public again.
9
POSTUM CEREAL.
> P
\ It's True ! ! |
coffee I
\ keeps many half sick. |
\ Try ' I
I Postum I
I 10 days and J
I note the change. § i
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
AJDVEKTISEMENTS.
The case of Miss Frankie ¦
Orser, of Boston, Mass., is in-
teresting to all women.
"Dear Mrs. Pixkham: — I Buffered
misery for several years. My back ached
and I had bearing-down pains, and fre-
quent headaches. I would often ¦wake
from a restful Bleep in such pain and
misery that it would be hours beforo
I could close my e3 f cs again. I dreaded,
the long 1 nights and weary days. I
could do no work. I consulted differ-
ent physicians hoping to get relief,
but, finding that their medicines did
not cure me, I tried Lydia E. Pink-
ham's Vegetable Compound, as
it was highly recommended to me. I am
glad that I did so, for I soon found
that it was the medicine for my case.
Very soon I was rid of every ache and
pain and restored to perfect health.
I feel splendid, have a fine appetite,
and have gained in weight a lot." —
Miss Fbaxkie Obser, 14 Warrenton
St., Boston, Mass. —f 6000 forfeit If original
of above letter proving genuineness cannot be pro-
duced.
Surely you cannot wish to re-
main weak, sick and discouraged,
and exhausted with each day's
work. Some derangement of the
feminine organs is responsible
for this exhaustion, following
any kind of work or effort.
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable
Compound will help you just as
it has thousands of other women.
COTTOLENE. /
m Nature's Gift from the Sunny South i
1 mw WAS 0NCE ASKED I
||| iiaray^^^sSv ""* s '^ e wort h living?" He replied: "It El
H3 P^rXV ' depends upon the liver." Chauncey was Ksj
|t| \^raffiwj>K partially right, but ha might have added |a
fa f\^^ \TYq^. a^ d e P enc * e d 0 as much upon thq p3
|U <^^*\*0l^K stomach and the manner in v/hich it did p?H
H ' ts wor ' c - T h . e moment you put lard- fill
g» Aw^^ cooked food in your stomach you are Wt
eM T sending out a pressing invitation for dys- rfl
I1§ ' ' \V v,-^V-P5psia to call upon you. This may sound B|
k$ • exaggerated, but let us reason it out. EH
HI Lard is made from hog fats. The hog isn't the most cleanly animal
P| in the world, and why should lard be any more digestible than fat J
M pork ? It isn't You are simply taking chances when you use lard in ga
Is cooking; if it doesn't harm you, you're lucky. Eg
W, The best shortening in the universe is Cottolene. It is made from |'j|
E refined vegetable oil and choice beef suet There's no ingredient about* w\
g it but what is pure, wholesome and digestible. -No other shortening ¥A
gj will do the work of Cottolene. You must either use Cottolene or an £fl
g| inferior product. Which are you going to do? g3
HI Guard against substitutes. Cottolene comes only in sealed. tin |9
Pa pails (three sizes), with a red label and band. In the center of the Ea
fa label is our trade mark— a steer's head in cotton plant wreath. Cot- g|
II tolene is not open to contamination as is bulk lard ; the quality is Kg
El always uniform and guaranteed. HB
HI Ask your grocer for a pail of Cottolene and start yourself on the pa
Jga right road to successful cookery. • ¦ py
p| USE $5 LESS. Cottolene being richer than either lard or coolnng 51
p-j butter, one-third less is required. •' . jti
Rh TTPTTTr Send us a Sc stamp to pay postage and well mail you a copy of our book, pi
3 • xvi-rJ-» "Home Helps," edited by Mrs. Rorer, which contains '300 choice recipe* M
mu from the country's noted cooks. '"-v* ' •,->-•. fc>"4
H Made only by THE N. K. FAIRBANK COMPANY. Dept 260 Chicago £ $\
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Steamers leave San Fraa-
y/yrjJs-WQv. Cisco as follows:
A£y_~ For Ketchikan. Wrangel.
mYTQCGPVkk v-ft Juneau. ilaines, Skaguay.
It Vfi^a \ I etl " • Alaska— 11 a. m. .Ian.
I V \v5h*£k ' J 2ts - :J1 - Fcb - 5 - <-*taange to
Vf\ \\ *O*/ company's steamers at Se-
\AV yw attle.
M?1>tcvX\v^ For Victoria. Vancouver.
Port Townsend. Seattle. Ta-
coma Everett. Whatcom— U a. nf. Jan. 2rt. 31.
Feb. 5. Change at Seattle to this company*
steamers for Alaska and O. X. Ry.: at Soattla
or Tacomi to N. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to C.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay>— Pomona. 1:30
p. m. Jar.. 33. 2I». Feb. 4; Corona, 1:30 p. ra.
Jan. 2tf. Feb. 1.
For Los Angeles (via Pert Los Anpeles and
Rwiondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara—
Santa Rosa. Sundays. !> a. m.
Statf of California. Thursdays. J> a. m.
For Los Anaielea (via San Pedro and Kaat
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Crua. Mnn-
terey San Simeon. Cayuco.a. Port Harford (San
Luis Obispo). Ventura and Hueneme:
Coos Bay, 9 a. m.. Jan. 2S. Teb. 5.
Honita. 0 a. m., Jan. 2i. Feb. I.
For Ensenada. Masrdalena Bay. San Jo«e del
Cabo. Masatlan. Alt.ita. La Pas. Santa Rr>-
lalia. Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month.
For further information obtain folder.
Right is reserved to change steamers or sail-
ins dates.
TICKET OFFICES — 4 New Montgom-
ery street (Palace Hotel). 10 Market street and
Broadway wharves.
Freight office. 10 Market street.
C t>. Dl'SAXX, General Pas*ensrer Agent,
-10 Market street. San Francisco.
AMEBXCA2T LINE.
Flymonth — Cherbourg — Southampton.
From New York Saturdays at 9:'M a.m.
St. Louis Feb. tiiSt. Paul Fob. 2ft
New York Feb. l.T.Phllaileiphia ..Feb. 27
ATLANTIC TP.A5SPOET LIHE.
New Tork — London Direct.
Mlnnehaha Feb. 6. )? A. M.
Minneapolis Feb. VS. 3 P. M.
Me4ba Feb. 20. 0 A. M.
Mlnnetonka Feb. 27. 2 P. M.
Only First-Class Passengers Carried.
DOMINION LINE.
Portland — Uverpool — Short sea passage.
Canada Feb. ftfanada Mar. 1U
Dominion Feb. 271Vanrouver . . . .Mar. 2ti
HOLLAHD-AMBBICA LiarE.
New Twin-screw Steamers of 18, y* Tons.
New Tork — Rotterdam, Via Boulogne.
Sailing Tuesday at 10 a. m.
Rotterdam Feb. 2IStatendam Feb. 2.T
tSloterdjk Feb lrt|*Amsterdam ...Mar. 1
•Steerage only tFreljtht only.
SED STAS LINE.
New York — Antwerp— Parts.
Fin'ld. Feb. 6. 10::«» amjKrn'lri. Fbl'O. 10:3OaTi
Vadl'd.Feb. 13. 10:3i>aiTi]ZePl'.l. Fb-T. 1O:3O an*
WHITE STAS LINE. •
New York — Qneenstown — Liverpool.
Satllnf? Wednesdays and Fridays.
Majestic. Feb 3, li> am^Cedrlc. .Feb. 21. 11 am
Oceanic. .Feb. 10. 1 prn Majestic. Mar.. 2. 10 am
Celtic. .Feb. 17. 6 arn:Ocfanic. . .Mar.J), Noon,
Boston — Qr-eenstowa — Liverpool.
Cretie Feb. 4. Mar. 8, Mar. m
Cymric Feb. IS. Mar. 17. Apr. 14
BOSTON IIEDITEBEASEAN SEKVICE.
Azores. Gibraltar, Naples. Genoa.
REPUBLIC (new) Feb. 13, Mar. 21
ROMANIC Feb. 27. Apr. 0, May 1*
CANOPIC Mar. 12
C. D. TAYLOR. Pasyenger Atrent Pacific Coast,
21 Post St.. San Francisco.
itf^ACSlERS. MARSEILLES' GE\*Qa!\)i I
&% NAPLES » ALEXANDRIA. EGYPT.jM
CANOPIC Jan. 30. Mar. 12
REPUBLIC (new) Feb. 13. Mar. 2«
ROMANIC Feb. 27. Apl. ». May 14
(Send for rate* and illustrated booklet.)
Tliese steamers are the largest tn tht
Mediterranean service.
First class. $U3 upward.
Boston to Liverpool on^SUw.
CRFTIC Feb. 4. Mar. 3. Mar. 31
CYMRIC Feb. 1*. Mar. 17. Apl. M
First class. $<5l> and $63 upward, accord-
ing t>- steamer. For plans, etc.. address
WHITE STAR LINE. 77-81 State St..
Eoston. or to C. P. TAYLOR. 21 F"?t st.
O. /?- & N. CO.
Oregon sails Jan. 2S. Feb. 7. 17. 27. March
» 19 and 20. S. S. Oregon Is temporarily in .
eervlce instead of the Columbia. George W.
Elder sails Jan. 23, Feb. 2. 12. 22. March 4.
14 and 24. Only steamship line to PORT-
LAND OR., and short rail line from Portland
to all' points East. Through tickets to all.
points, all rail or steamship and rail, at LOW-
EST RATES. Steamer tickets includn bertrtx
and meals. Steamer sails foot cf Spear st. at
II a. m. S. F. BOOTH. Gen. Art. Pass. Dept..
1 Montgomery st.: C. CLIFFORD. Gen. Agt.
Freight Dept.. 3 Montgomery st.
TOYO KISEM KA1SHA.
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.>
Steamers will leave wharf, corner First and
Brannan streets, at 1 p. m., for YOKOHAMA
and Hongkong, calling at Kobe (Hicgo). Naga-
saki and Shanghai, and connecting at Hong-
kong with steamers for India, etc. No cargo
received on board nn day of salting.
S. S. AMERICA MARU
Monday January 25, 1004
Via Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at reduce
rates. For freight ar.il passwge apply at Com-
pany's office, 421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
oceanic S.S.CO. Haws:
S 6 ALAMEDA, for Honolulu. Jan. 30. 11 a.m.
S* S MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Feb. 11. 11 a. in.
s' S. VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney. Thursday. Feb. 11, 2 p. m.
ttJ?KCHlSi!M3.C0 n «?i.Wit3!aa,B43Sawa
WtBSnullS BartsHUlerla. J.Pitft tl
C0KPA9NIE GESZ3.XLZ TRAS3ATLaI«II33i
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE- PARIS. Jf££»
Sailing every Thursday msfad of^ESf*)
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. **"^**
North River, foot of Mqrton street. .
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. See-
i- WADA U2 Broadway (Hudson Building).
New York. J. F. FVGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coas*
• Agents 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agent*.
Mare Island and Vallejo Steamers.
Steamer GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO—
0:45 a. m.. 3:13 and S:30 p. m.. except Sunday.
Sunday. 9:« a. rn.. S:SO p. m. Leave Vallejo.
7 am. 12:30 and 6 p. m.. ex. Sunday. Sun-
day* 7 a m.. 4:15 p. m. Fare, 50 cents. Tel.
Main IMS. Pl«r 2, Mlsalon-st. dock. HATCH
BROS..
TfaTWeekfy Cal
61 per Yeai%THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL: TUESDAY, JANUARY 20, 190*.
10
-EDUCATIONAL— Conilnned.
CARLOS N. KKLLER. tenor soloist and teach-
pr of the art or SINGING; piano taught.
Studio 3U1 Geary st.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday. Sun- •
day evgs.. Teutonla llail. Howard et.. near
Srth. Prof. Foster: society dancing taught.
SPANISH e\enlng classes trl-weekly, ~J a
month; best lessons In the city. J7S Sutter.
PIANO lessens. 23c half hour. MRS. PECK,
experienced teacher. 1013 Mission, nr. Sixth.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 4L'4 Pine st Night class.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mlsslon.nr. 6th.
EMPI.OV31KAT OFFICES.
GE^-rTouThTi jTir "fineTj apanese""em plo y-
MENT OFKICK and HousecUaning Co.. 1.W1
Pine. nr. Jap. M. E. Church: phone Polk 3t5C8.
GEORGE AOKI. 421 Post it.; tel. Bush 133 —
Japanese-Chinese employment office; fur-
nislif-s best help: contracts fcr farm help. etc.
A— ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese-
Chlnege help. 42ft Powell. Tel. Main 5752.
A — GRAND Japcnese-Chinese Emp. Office. 413
_Stockton ;_tel. Grant 168; expert, reliable help.
SWEDISH and German Female Employment
Office. 113 Franklin st.; phone Folsom 2S56.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 51S8.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1907. BRADLET A CO.. 640 Ctay.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
A SWEDISH cook, best of references, ex-
tremely neat and reliable, wants a place
where other help Is kept; not less than
$30; good references.
A Canadian cook, young, capable, good city
references, wants cooking; not afraid of
large family; city or town. For particulars
call at MISS PLUNKETT'3 EMPLOYMENT J
BUREAU. 425 Sutter St.. near Powell St.; l
phone Main 5472.
STRONG, willing American woman wants work
by the day; $1 25 day: carfare; carpet clean-
ing and laundry work specialties: absolutely
. reliable. MRS. WILSON, 174 Fourth st.,
room 10. first flight.
COMPETENT woman, is a good cook, wants
situation city or country- in a private
American family; moderate wages; good
references. 794 Folsom tt.
GERMAN graduated teacher wishes position in
school or as governess or companion: also
teachfs French. Adoress F. HIRSCH. Irv-
ington. Alameda County.
GOOD steady, honest woman would like any
kind of housework by the day. Address 1S92
Howard ft. '
A YOUNG woman wants work by the day;
washing, housecleaning: $1 50 a day and
carfare. Address S45 Minna st.
COMPETENT, experienced stenographer de-
elres permanent position; -best references
furnished if desired. Box 565. Call.
A MIDDLE-AGED lady would like position as
housekeeper. Call between 8 and 12 a. m. or
address 3153 Twenty-third st.
A COMPETENT mi*lle-aged woman desires
working housekeeping place In small adult
family. Box 7S. 1008 Market st. '
POSITION desired by a young lady as as-
sistant bookkeeper or for other office work.
Box C01. Call.
COMPETENT cook wlsh«»f< situation In private
family; $25 month. 2207 Vj P<ne st.
SEAMSTRESS wishes to go in family, 75c a
day; hours 9 to 5. 2415 Clay st.
A WOMAN would like to go out to work by
the day or by the week. M. B., 841 Filbert.
COMPETENT woman wants plain sewing at
home. 3S61 Twenty-fifth st.. rear.
WOMAN wants work by th» day; washing or
- house-cleaning. Call 157 Tehama st.
RESPECTABLE woman wishes situation in
private American family: will do som*
washing; will go across the bay and will
give good reference. 70* Folsom st.
A POSITION as waitress or chamber work:
wages $30 room and board; references. Bex
778. Call office.
INFANT'S nurse .wants «Ituatlon. Call at
4 Dody st., -off Turk, n»ar Larkin.
YOUNG lady, thoroughly competent ami ex-
perienced stenographer and typewriter, ac-
customed to law, ' Insurance and bank work,
desires position In or. out of city; highest
references. Box 425, Call office.
A YOUNG girl lately from Germany would
like upstairs work or care of children: is a
pood sewer. Call Monday or Tuesday or ad-
dress 3025 Seventeenth st^
A YOUNG lady wishes a position as second
girl In a private family; speaks French and
English: good references. Address I. D..
S02 Washington st.
A RESPECTABLE woman wishes lodging-
house keeping: horn* experience. Apply at
102 Natoma >t.
A FIRST-CLASS Spanish. French and Ameri-
can cook wishes position: does not speak Eng-
lish; flrst-class and competent. 603 Stockton.
VIOLIN teacher wishes more pupils: best ref-
erences; lessons 75c. Box 034. Call office.
YOUNG lady wants position as stenographer
or copyist. Box 012. Call.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions recelTed at
Call Branch Office, cor. Duncan & Church sta.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for Tb»
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister at.
E3IPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
GARDENER, first class, understands thor-
oughly all branches of gardening, with IS
years' California, experience, wishes a steady
position: first-class references. Address
Gardener, MX) Howard St.. German Hotel.
POSITION wanted by an electrical engineer
with long experience in the handling of both
A C and D C machinery and familiar with
all the calculations: can take charge of
moderate sized plant. Box 615. Call.
MAN with 3 In family wishes place to care for;
practical knowledge of ranching cattle, etc.;
small wages, with privilege of raising poul-
try. Call or address Rancher. 230 Chenery st.
MAN and wife with 1 child would like posi-
tion in country: wife good cook, man j»ood
farm hand. Address 17 Fourth St., San
Francisco. MR. BALDWIN.
ELECTRICIAN desires position with some one
to do electrical construction work or work
In a power station; excellent experience.
Box 5S7, Call.
GARDENER wants position: is also first-class
horseman: years of experience; best city
and country references. Box 031, Call office.
YOt'NG man wants position as clerk; will
begin at employer's terms. Address box 590,
Call.
SURVEYOR wants position with an engineer
or firm to further his experience. Box 5ST>.
Call.
POSITION as draughtsmen wanted by col-
lege man with excellent . preparation. Box
5SS. Call.
PIANO player, good entertainer, wants work
in country. Address box 569, Call.
DISHWASHER v.ould like employment In a
small hotel or restaurant. Box 001, Call.
BOOKKEEPER wants small set of books dur-
lng leisure time. Box 361,'Call office.
RELIABLE, Fteady man wishes work about
prtvat<? place; can milk, attend horses and
j do plain gardening thoroughly; willing; ref-
erenccg. Box S21. Call office. '
STRICTLY sober man. understands care of
horses, milk, gocd driver and general handy
man.- Address box 076. Call office. C -
BARTENDER wants position, city or country;
can furnish reference.. Address box 527. Call.
YOUNG man, IS. drive wagon and make him-
self useful in market. 1C04 Hyde st.
WANTED — A position on cattle, fruit or
•chicken ranch or other work. J. KARU.
912 McAllister st.
YOUNG man- (German) wishes position as
waiter In tcstaurant. saloon • or boarding-
liouse. Box 620.'. Call.
GARDENER, first class, understands thor-
.oughly nil branches of gardening, with 18
years* California experience', wishes a steady
position; first-class - references. Address
Gardener, SCO German Hotel, city.
STEADY', reliable man would like position as
janitor, watchman or collector; can furnish
best city references and bonds if required.
Box 87S, Call.
—————— — . »
CARPENTER, good, hotel, store or Institute, a
little over 56 years, but active; first-ciaas
references: $3 per day; formerly In V. S.
. navy. Bos 596, Call.
MAN with 3 In family wishes place to care for;
practical knowledge of ranchin? cattle etc.;
small wages, with privilege of raising poul-
try. Call or address Rancher. 230 Cheney st.
YOUNG, man. steady and capable, desires pu»I-
tlon on private place first of the month: good
gardener; understands horses; good driver:
can milk. Box 1015. Call office, Oakland.
YOUNG man. well acquainted In ¦ the city.
wishes a position . driving » light > wajoa • or
work Inside. Box KM. Call.
SPIR1TPALISM — Contl-TitMl. '
AT Ma3ter Adepts, 12C9 Market «t., test circle.
Sun., Tues., Thurs., Fri. eve., 10c. People
get more than some meetings give for $1.
C. V. MILLER'S Mother Sadie's materializing
seance to-morrow night at 8 o'clock. ?1.
10S4 Bush st.
MRS. KOTTER. circleTevery night. lCc; devel-
oping circle Mon. eve.; sit. dally. 4:: Sixth.
PP.OF. FUED EVANS, noted clairvoyant and
slate-writer. 1112 Eddy. Phone Scott 8S7.
MRS. LESTER, test and business randium:
circle to-night. 10c: readings dally. 142 Sxh.
MRS. TRACY. 143. Hyde st., clairvoyant: cir-
cles 10c, Tue. & Thur.. 8 p. m. ; read3. .">0c-$ I.
KATIE HEUSSMANN'S clrcU Friday eve..'
23c: «It. dally. 1000 Harrison: tel. Mint 997
EDWARD EARLK. ' 10R2 Ellis. r»adinKa daily.
9:30 to 4: w»nf»> Sunday nnd Thnmrtay.
CI.AIUVOYAXTS.
CASHMIRE - - CASHMIRE
310 Ellis St.. near Taylor.
The Only Psychic Intermediator
of Secret Power In America.
Clairvoyant. Palmist. Trance Medium.
So stranee is her work, without word or
question tells you Just, what you want to
know; telU your name in full and the name
of the one you will marry.
A— 11 THIS WEEK SI
Wonderful, bewilderine is the work of
CaEhmire. peer ot all clairvoyants; her read-
ings are a revelation: advice on love, mar-
riage, courtship, business, mines; reunites
the separated: gives eecret power to control
any one In 21 days; removes evil Influences;
develops mediums; locates hidden treasure;
gives name<!, dates, facts; readings by mall.
A— PAUL DESTINE,
The First Reslstered Trance Clairvoyant
and Palmist Ever In San Francisco.
T do hereby solemnly agree and guarant«a to
make no charge if 1 fall to tell your name, oc-
cupation and what you called for; I promise to
tell you whether husband, wife or sweetheart
is t»ue or false: tell who and when you will
marry: In fact. I will tell every hope, fear or
ambition better than you can tell yourself: I
reunite the separated, restore lost affections,
cause happy marriage, give good luck, restore
!<-*t enerav: 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.: Sunda-*. — to B.
82G O'Farrel! «t. Low f«» this week— 51.
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third st.. next Examiner
bldg. ; she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur in the future; If you are in trouble,
discontented, or not satisfied with life, or
have domestic, love or business, troubles, con-
sult this great medium and you will be told
how to overcome them; valuable advice In all
affairs of life; 25c up; satisfaction guaran-
teed: readings by mail. Tel. Black 4569.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
at., cor. Turk; private readings dally. 10 a.
m. to 5 p. m.; readings by mail as satisfac-
tory as in person; 3 questions answered, $1;
full life, $5; send lock of hair, date ot year
of birth; don't send currency; send postoffice.
XVells-Fergo money order or registered letter.
MME. PARKHURST. clairvoyant and card
reader: business advice: sittings daily; 10 to
12 a. m.. 1 lolp.ni.; gSc up. 38 McAllister.
MRS. A. H. KRONENBERG. palmist, clair-
voyant, card reader: when others fall try me;
good reading 10c. 721 Franklin, nr. G.G. ave.
RETURNED from her European trip. Miss M.
Wille has opened nt her office*. 460 Geary
t St.; hours 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.: sittings daily.
A — Mme. Ravenna reads life, business advice;
names given; 25c Op. 835 Howard, bet. 4th&5th.
MISS 5CEMDAR, young RlftedTlalr. and palm.;
names; 1. 60c, k. $1. 714 Franklin, nr.G.G.avj
MISS WARD, for a few days. 917 Market, rs.
11-12; Rives, dates, iinnics. facts. Hours 11-9.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; la. 2oc;
gents 50c. 051 Mission St.. nr 6th; open Sun.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader, re-
moved from 132 6th to 23& 6tb; la. 25c,g. 50c.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader In city.
26^i Kearny, room 20; ladles, 25c; gents, 50c.
MME. LE FERN, the card reader, has re-
moved from 109 Fifth »t. to 118 Ninth «t.
MRS. UAUMANN. the well-known fortune-
.tel'.er, I* now at 317 Ellis it.
CLA 1 ftVOTA NT— 2303 Folsom st.; 25c and 50c;
hours, 10 to 5.
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader: sit-
tings dally. 44S<4 Jessie Et.. bet. 5th and ftth.
A WEEK'S news for S cents — The Weekly Call.
16-pages. in wrapper, for mailing. SI per year.
CAHPET BEATING AM) CLEANING.
AIR now universally used In cleaning carpets'
on floor, without removal: ice moderate+
S. F. Comnressed Air Cleaning Co.. Call
liuilding. Fbone Main 5237.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 355-357 Tehama st.: tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works, 1S00 Har-
rison attj Al cleaning; 3c; tel. Mission 225.
HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet beating: mat-
tresses made over.1432 Howard ;tel. South 216.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison St.; tel.Mlssion 2C3.
CON KLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
333 Golden Gatf ave.: telephone East "ft.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made:
city or country PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO. 418 Montgomery, room* 0-10: tel. 6588.
CUBES BUPT-B-. .
WHO DOES IT? HUNTER. 1206 Market 'at.
Send for circular. Why will you suffer?
DENTISTS^
_>iC~GRi;sir*604-V-6" CalTaKhan blag.. Market
and McAllister sts.. uses the Basford Obt un-
der; the only device ever invented for grind-
ing, drilling and excavating teeth without
pain. For demonstration call at office.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market.nr.Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates n.ade over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
A NEW p..ite — The Whale'-jne — cannot break:
warranted 30 yrs.: crown, $3 50; RUlngs. 60c:
plates. $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
A. ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon dentist,
room 14. Phelan building.- San Francisco.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush —
Set teeth $1 SO up; crowns $2 up; fillings 25c.
GOLD fillings. 75c; silver, 35c: crowns. $2; no
pain: open Sunday. Dr. O.B.Hewitt. 204Sutter
DJIESJOIAKEIIS AND SKAMSTRF.SSES
Accordion, sunburst & knife plaiting; double
stamp* on dross lining?. Stewart's button &
buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor: tel. Folsom 2121
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School —
Patterns cut to measure; eve, clasa. 1019 Mkt.
~ EDUCATIONAL.
ANOTHER. enlargement a t CALIFORNIA
BUSINESS COLLEGE: an army of workmen
arc putting the finishing touches on our new-
home, 001-023 Golden" Gate ave. The develop-
' ment of this progressive school has been one
of the greatest successes of the West: 18,000 .
square feet, 35 rooms, 450 students, 18 teach-
ers. Writtf for 75-page illustrated catalogue.
The growing life and enthusiasm here will
be a constant inspiration to you.
AYRES, the leading business college. 723 Mar-
ket St.; established 18 years; life scholarship.
$50: bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
arithmetic, spelling, etc.; positions secured:
the college refurnished wlth» new typewriters
and furniture January 1. Catalogue free.
NEW Juvenile dsoartment of the Paul Gerson
Ec'.iool of Acting now open; applicants re-
ceived from « to 12 years of age; Miss Lillian
Musclo. principal: exceptional advantages:
largest school of the kind In tha West: send
for catalogue. Native Sons' Hall. 414 Mascn.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST, S.
% F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy. English branches; day
and night sessions; illustrated catalogue free.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the university, 'aw and medical colleges;
ret.. President Jordan 6r any Stanford profes-
sor; day and evening sessions. Phelan • bldg.
HINMAN'S Academy; a thorough school of
; dancing; established 20 years. 1412 Polk st.,
between Pine and California; both adult and
children's classes are now open for the season.
A LARGER and hetter school than ever; enter
at once If you desire a good position: ¦ Gregg'
shorthand. Ellis bookkeeping.' S. F. Business
College. 123fi Market st. . .'
HEALD'S School of Mines & Electricity. 24 Post
St.. S.F.: a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special . catalogue free.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. mln.. mech.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. ev.: est. 1S64. Van
derNalllcn School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
SPANISH.French.etc.Prof.DeFilippe's Academy
of Ianguages,320 Pogf.catab'd lS71;ablest profs.
BANJO, mandolin .and 'guitar .thoroughly
taught: orchestra practice. 402 Geary su
e.mplo y___5____£Hgr ilAtg '
bT^\DY rotttl man. understands rare of
ho^es e\c.. wirtes* pc«:tlcn «^f«^SS
I-lare: tan milk; handy with tools. Box SSI,
Call office. f
COMPETENT bookkeeper. £j*El____^____
bank, flour mill and expert busln «*¦• » >« >•
position: nrsi-ciaas city references. Box t5.».
Call office. .
EAHPEHS-rcsition wanted by a Crat-clas;
barber: 11 vears in San Francisco *>nd .5.
jars of age: married: wants steady Job. Cox
CHO. Call of3re.
BARTEXDEH. German: sober and honest; of
lonK experience; can kc»p books: wanta po-
sition in club or hotel; city or country. V..
box 140. Call. *
YOUNG man wants night work in hotel or
club; first-class references; very handy. Box
S04. Call office.
A PAINTER, paper hanger and tinter will d:>
Morris. 15)14 Geary St.; phone Polk 'J150.
EXPERIENCED druggist: city or """"y?
competent to taka full charge ; licensed,
single ma.i. Cox 508. Call.
YOUNG man (German) wants position as ship-
ping clerk; don't care for high wages ia the
start. Box 60O. Call.
GARDENER, man about private place want*
position: can milk; han-iy with carpenter
tool«; Canadian; age 54. Box 086, Call.
PAINTER and paperhanpr wants ™j£ */
the day: price* reasonable. CHAS. S>Wli.£.i.
-130 Sixth gt. _____
•WANTED — A situation for a l«-year-old boy
. in office, wholesale housa or factory. Address
Box SOT. Call office.
A GERMAN atone mason and cement -work-r.
V understands reservoir and oil tank wark.
waats » position. Box 4ji. Call.
GOOD paperhanjser. tluter and painter — 'j»he«
position tn city or country; sood at notsl
work. Box 734. Call ofnc«. p
A NEAT boy wants a pcaitlcn In office. Ad-
dress box €30. Call.
A BOY wants to learn a trade, plumblne prs-
ftrred. Box 421. Call.
SECRETARY'S position wanted. Address 1703
Gough »t. ______________————————
A CAKE baker wants a position. Box 6C8.
Call office.
A SOBER reliable man wants work la wholo-
sile district. Box OSO. Call office.
WASTED — Position as flrst-clasa cellar-man.
II. K., Melrose. Cal. _________
COLORED man and wtfe would like a situation
In country; can do anything. Box .gJ2. Call.
A JAPANESE boy wants to do housework,
from 4 o'clock afternoon, and norntnj work.
Eox 771. Call offlce.
CLASSIFIED advertlsments and «ub«rTipt!ons
received at Call branch office. 22CO Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisementa anrl
subscriptions has been established at loo*
\alencia st.
X»ACIA— MAS8AOB.
A WRINKLES re— «oved:flne con lplsxlon guar-
anteed; new method: 50o. M. LUTON. mant-
curinc parlors. 764 Larkin St.: phone Polle 1>.
FEATHER nEXOVATIXG.
BY^ewThTalthful process. Cal. 8 team Feather
Co.. 323 Van Nesa ave.: tel. Howard 3167.
FLATS TO LET.
A— HOUSES and flats to let: an Im_ie=8« lift;
searlce absolutely free; take advantage of
this department: It will aav* you time and
trouble. Cbrdea Furniture Co., 21&-253. Qeary
at., on to* square.
ALL of tha most desirable flats and houses ar»
listed In our renting department; let us civ*
you a list and help you find ona in the loca-
tion you want. STERLING FURNITURB
COMPANY. 1CG0 Market ¦_; services ab»o>
lutely free.
NEW flats to let, rot yet completed: every
possible convenience; close to mala entrance
to park; every room sunny; 5 car lines;
rents $27 50 to |39; open 2 to 5. Seventh
•t.. near Fulton.
WASHINGTON. 2875 and 2STS, corner Dnv1»-
adero — Elegant, mod— rn, artistic, sunny flats;
8 rooms and bath each: complete In every
detail: rents reasonable. SHAIN~TA__>.
BUCKBEE & CO;. 218-220 Montgomery st.
DO—ORES, 235. nr. 16th — Elegant new modem
flit, 8 runny rooms; hath; 5 hay windows.
FLAT. 5 rooms; gas and water. 335 Minna
street.
LARGEST list of houses and flats to let. Call
on LYON & IIOAG, 116 Montgomery st.
NEW sunny flat; 7 rooms and bath. 3339
Sacramento st.; rent $35.
NW. cor. McAllister and Flllmore sts., 7 sunny
rooms, with five bay windows; rent <35.
UNION, 87S — Fl*t. ft rooms, bath. 115; 1820
"Point — oboa ave., 3 rooms, $9.
$7—2 LARGE rooms and yard. 723«i Harri-
son st.. bet. Third and Fourth.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cersts^ — The Weekly Call.
IS page*. In wrapper, fcr mailing. SI per year.
FLATS TO LET— Fl'USISHED.
FURNISHED flat. 4 rooms and hath;^3oTla4O
Chestnut st. Arply 04t Xttn Nesj ave.
FLATS FOlt SALE FURNISH ED.
6-ROOM flat, furnished, for sale; part of rooms
rented: downtown; rent $20 per month. Box
725. Call office.
FOR aal»— Completely furnished 8-rccm fl_f
reasonable. Call Monday, 7 Hyde st.
OAK, S54 — Flat 5 rooma; a snap.
V %'HSITURE .WASTED. "
HIGHEST prices for furniture and mds» I_ JI
BURP, auctioneer. 1913 Mkt. : tel. Howard 273**
fuhmture for sale, *
FOR eale — Furniture of a 6-room flat: carpets,
bedroom suites, parlor set. dining-room and
kitchen furniture; all new. only beea used
U months. Addres* box G31, Call.
A — Brass beds, hair mattresses, weathered ma-
hogany, maple, furn.; handsome dining sul'
draferies.curtains-.tel. Page "IS. 1006 Halsht.
FOR sale — Furniture of 8 rooms and bath-
rent 525. 1332 Bush st.
FOUR rooms to let; furniture for sale. 432^4 i
Tenth st.
FINANCIAL.
4'i PER CENT
Is paid 'on ordinary saving accounts and 8
per cent on term accounts by the Phcnix
Savings B. and L. Association. 51« Cali-
fornia st. A. A. Watkins, president; Charl»l
R. Bishop, vice prenldent; S. Prentlis Smith,
treasurer: Clarence Grange, secretary am! man-
aging director: Gavin McNab. attorney: OeorB»
«*. Boardman and Charles E. Ladd, directors;
Walter K. Smith, cashier.
Subscribed capital. SS.OCO.OOO: paid In capi-
tal. SI. 00O.OOO; reserve fund. $20O.C0O.
COMPANIES Incorporate^, financed and stork
floated. W. H. BITTNER. Lawyer and Fl-
nanctal Agent. S— I Emma Spreckela bid*.
HELP \\ AXTED— FE3IAXE.
A COOK, $40; _ *?conil girls. $;;o; housegirl.
$33; 2 cook.". $.'!•>: cook. $.'IG; (Jerman nur«»'.
$25: nursegirl. $'JO; second girl, $^5. MRS
NORTON. St3 Sutt?r Rt.
A— WANTED— Girls to learn hairdresslng
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to „
In 2 weeks: $."l to those entering now; .1 po-
sitions to fill Immediately; positions guaran-
teed at ?lt> per week up; leading school In
West. 2J3 Geary St.. room 13.
A— Girls to learn millinery now for spring" s^al
son: both reason* taught firm statt to finish
In 1 month for $15; positions as trimmers,
salesladies, etc.. guarantor! at $tOper wk. up;
day and evening class.- 143 Stockton st.. r. 13.
A— LAD1E3 to learn all branches hairdresslng
trade, manicuring, massage, etc. 1236 Mar-
ket st.. cor.- Jones. :oom 01; positions secured
at highest wages; day and eve, clasn; call.
SEWTNG MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS: NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY-
PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS A CO.S
FACTORIES. 32VJ FREMONT ST. AND 1S73
MISSION. NEAR FIFTEENTH.
LADIES wanted vverywhere copying letters
at home eveninss or spare lim* _n.l return
to us. No mailing or canvassing; $a w»eklv
earned: materials free; lnclos>\ yelf-aci-
<!resse<l rnvelopa for particular*. Guarantee
Co.. No. S 1 Niath ?t.. Philadelphia. Pa.
LAD T t T., c ."« c ' for ?" nln --rnon> in institution.
COOK: 2 in help; car fare. 153 Beulah
GIRL wanted; flat: 2 In famUy; li^ht work.
Call early. 1K1A Lombard at. ..,
THE .if CALL j
JOKS ». SPRZCgELS.^ Prsprletor. i
_&__$ QffiaEcds-iisgi « khi gcuuoRiiis-i j
\vi J. l!_irn.\' Bu»lncs» Manager j
TELEPHONE.
A*k tor THE CALL. The Operator Will Con- j
neet You \V:ih tiie Doi-artrr.cnl Vou Wish.
P-feUe-tlMl O:fU* Market and ThlrJ. R. F. j
.Editorial Boon 21J :o 22! Stevenson »U j
Delivered by Carriers. 20 Cts. Per Week. 75
its Per Mcn:ti. Sinsle Copies 5 Cents.
Tcr:r.» by aialJ. including Postage iCaso ith
O: Ucr* ¦ •
UAtVT C.M.r, fiBCtad. Sunday*. 1 >**r. .SS.00 j
i'AII.Y CAL.U <i.iciu<! S_Bd*JT). « me*.. ¦» <"»
IJAILY CALL— Uy Sinjrlo Month "•
FUXDAY O.U.L 1 Y-ar HSfc
IVFXKXT «.ALL. 1 Yc_r ;. " <J0 i
„,., ...... p_Ur..$S.€0 r>r Year Kxtra
™S 4««__Ur. 4.13 Per Year Extra
rOfcl.VO-. [tV'eeldx. 1.00 Per Year Extra I
*.I.L POSTMABTECS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE BOBSCMTTIOXa-
6atr.c!e Cop\t* "ill *« Torwardea Tvnen re-
quested.
*!»il njb«cT:b<rs in ordering ciianee o. an-
«><:».« fhouH he rartu'ular to give both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS in order to insure a
prompt and correct con ipl'ance with their re-
tl.ekt.
OAKLAND OFFICE.
1118 Broadway Telephone Main 10S3
BEItKELBZ OFFICE.
JXS Center ttreet Telephone North 77
Washington correspondent.
VORTON li, CRANE HOC G Street. :*. W.
N-TV rORK MEWS STANDS:
VTa'.dorf- Astoria Hotel; A. Bretano. 31
Ur.lcii Square; i!i:rr_y Hi!! Hotel; Fifth-av«-
Lu» Hciei vr.d Hcft.T.ar. House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Fhernvan rtou*e- P O. X^s\Co.: Great |
NTthcrn HoUi: Trtrr iout House; Auditorium
Hctel. Palmer House.
OHU-a^o KEPREEEICTATTVK:
C. OEORCE Kr:OGNF.cS..Ma!queU<> Building
¦ Lor.g Distance Tele;horc. "Central 2t319.'">
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW TORK CORRESPOXDEST:
C. C. CAKLTON Herald Square
BIT&UNLSS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Can corner MsrUt and Third street*: open
tntll 12 o'clock e\ery tdxnt in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
IW* Market street, orposite Fifth; open until
II f. Tr..
f2T *Jonrgo;;iery etre«t. corner Clay: open un-
til 9:30 p. m
TXt Ha><-R street; open until 9:."0 r- m.
Of McAllister street; op<?n until 9:30 p. m.
US LarUin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
J94I 'iifnen street; open until 10 p. m.
E?«l Market street, corner Sixteenth; open an-
V.i J» p. nr l.
?<"«; Eleventh strret: open until 8 p. m.
IC96 Valencia street: rpen until 9 p. m.
Nortbeaat corner Church and Duncan streets;
"P*n until 9 p. tn.
Nf- l-Trft i<rner of Twenty-second * n! * Ken-
tuck streets; or-rn BBtU 9 p. m.
r?*'n Pulmrre strict: or**n until 9 p. ra.
MEETING IV O TICKS.
MISSION CHAPTER, N". 70, It. A. B
M.- S|.»-ial musing THIS (Tt'ES- VV
•I\\v» EVEJC1KO at 7 :.'{0 o'clock. M. /VX
M. degree. By ord^r of the H. P.
.INK. I>. H1LLMAX. Secretary.
'CALIFORNIA CHAPTER. No. .">, K. _¦
A M.. v ill mwt THIS iTL'ESDAY*
KVllNINC;. January 26, at 7:30 />r\
• •'¦¦lock. P. M. .-n<1 M. K. M. de-
fr.*f. Cy <'rdcr of the H. P.
FI'.AXKUX II. PAY. Secretary.
GOLDEN ttATE IvODGE. No. Z<>. F. «
nn4 V M.— Called meeting THIS^VVf
(TUESDAY! EVENING at 7 o'clock. /V\
Third ii'zre+. Ry ord»r rt W. M.
F,1«\I N L METF.R, Secrftaiy.
rA<"iri": Ixicgp No. jr.fi. F. and A. M-. J9
?.T»t="n>'- TnnjiK •will meet on
NTFT»AY. the 27th. at 1 :** p. m., /Y\
to s't»r.(J th» funeral of our lat*
bro-wr. THOMAS L. KEKVAN. Master
Mn^or.s arc invited.
CEOHOB PKNL1NOTON. St.
OT.K.NT.M. LODGE. No. 144. F. »nd ®
A. ML- g^COWd <!«-rrf- THIS (TUES- YY
DAY! EVHNING at fc o'clock. /VN
A. F. UCBBARD. Secretary.
pf EMBERS of San Francirco _<jffl__^
-, t ¦- Vou »r« re- />?i""T"f§3
«iu*> - <- •••¦ -t the 'ut.':s>1 n^i 'Q V$55
.lAMF-f K. BOND.' from fune- %S_/_£_?_#
;ai ;.s. -'¦-<. <-if BunkT &: I.ur.t. TvR_^!«Jr
' Masonic r«n|4e), TCESDAT; January _«. at
1 c'rlr^. k r>. m. Infrm^nt, Mount olivet
Cfcjwterr- I. CimUEUDEZ, C-mmander.
D. B. RICHABD&, Rrtord Kefp°r.
Tf!F offm»rf and in«-nib*rs —j-~r. ffc
of Ool<1»ri Gate <'a— ip. r ~L t
N". " ' '¦ v... are r^uj^jT^.
i**j.- •' ;•: ...-irc^'i ,n
ETt<~nd the funeral F»-vi<re 'Sa^^*BS B "<i 1 *^
of our Ute r.*lirhbor,
MERTON •'. ALLKN. Tl"E?DAY. January
SSL at -1 p. rn. Serviocr will lx> h»ld at the
nnd'itskinc parlors of Buiikrr & Lunt. 2C6*
Mi— I DC f-t.
WTI. <:ARrt. Consul Commander.
JOHN T. OIXJNNELL. «M?rk.
MFM V'.Eui rt 'TrrViMTTj -Jin- _
iv-unal No. 1010, Nation- t__2*_£_!$l
pi Union — You are if- V'* m IT'^r^
•ju'sf"! to attend the fu-
n-ral rf r, ur |at^ Kri'-nd. MERTOX <_\ AL-
LGX, fronj the und*>r;akinc parlors of Bun-
k»r « I.uri!. L'n»:«; Mission n.. TO-DAY
¦TUESDAY). Jstiufirv 2«. at 2 p. m.
G. B. BAIWLEY. Tresident.
".'. A. UARGEAR. PecreUry.
A GRAND coir-bration in honor of *tl
thf- 115th «rtni\r-Tfary of. Scot- Cji_a
En<J'i :-'-. ROBERT RLTINP. . flS Jn*
«rtU \kV- rise* on TCESDAT <AV<r
KVF.XIXO, January 2«. in Native VJH
Fotis" Hall, 41* Ma«on ft.. tmij»r jj
th« PUFpiies of Clan Fras»r No. 7?. Order of
• <;ian«. A splendid vo<.al programme
cf QtsartHa and poh?s ni,) be presented.
uno»r the direction rjf I'rofef— or R. D. Btir-
r-f--. a«fiitp<l by the IMlewfBC artists: So-
r-rano. »1r«. Sasjo Hert Maik; contralto. _Un I
Mi«nor. .Tuocon: trn->r. Frank Osslo— ': basso.
I_ A. l^ars-^r,. <'horal reDr^s-^ntation of
"Scot* ¦x.ha ha<>" an<l tii«» departOra of Prince
«"!ian*s by ir<i danssaea in r»ralin: tab!"au
en:1 <hor»l ipprft—ntatiin of "<*aller Jli-r-
rtn\ ; tahteaj:. ~T_« N>w Haven 1'ish-
mrivcm,— ev,A s oha!EcrTi*t!c tableau. •• ».ul«l
I^«r.< Syr.*'"; oratirr. by the Rev. GEORGE
J. GIBSO3*: ii.utic hy clan iiir-e-s in coEtiinip
i>r.l J ainrre»v*t, b»n4; pr.tertainni«>r.t at h
«. <"!~k ti-arp. to hf> follo-ji^a b- a a^aoe,
nefcrts: adult*, r/ic: childien. 2.V. Tickets
fcr nl« •» THAix nitos.. 7SI Market Ft.:
I. V.. KIKO. 23d ani Valencia BU : TEV-
EMjALE A. UXD3AT. 5*5 «a<-ran:rmo tt
¦[¦- ¦•."/ COMMITTEE.
AWUAtj M"«tir.r— Ti.e r^utar annual meet-
ire of iY.r- lot otinerp m the Mss-inic t*em*tery
fcriU bt ! eM at th» MHfonic Tem;,!c on TLEb-
1>AY. rrbruarjr 'Z. iw>4. at 3 o'« lock p. m..
lor the election of lh;c^ truslres and such
bii^r.rss as may l-raliy w befor? them.
THi;o. FUOLK.H. Secretary.
NOTICE of erinua! mfctinR— The resulaTan-
r.us! mectins of th» atockhoicl^m cf the
<>iif<.rr.l» Oas and _le,-iric Co;poratlon wl'l
. be hf'd st tb« off!«-.^ u f t>,e cotTipuny
finer, ttialtr, bdMtac S.in Frsncisco Cal .
on TIEFDVY. January 20. MM. at the
hour of Z-.lTt y m ni.. for ihe l>'Jrpofe' of elect-
ing n l'card cf Directors t 0 »erv e rt-r th«
rr.^ulns yrar ani to Tra-.sact iucii other
bu^in^rs as tnry reme before 1!:p tnretlna-
Tra_»'er boci-n n'lll cl&re c:i January 20. at
I o'clock j. ,m
C. W. CCNLIKK. Pecretary.
_ Hoorn <^7. r.ialto building, city.
THE Califcjr-ia Pebri* Commission hnvlns re-
ceived Rptdlcaliona to mine by hydraulic
rrwers from LsT\rcnce""<ranatta, in Alrr^m
Puma* r'acfr claim, nenr A'clcar.o Arnudor
County. Cfll.. dralnins .nto Dry Cre*k.
;«rtiicli r.-a.i"s Mokeloaae River; :io— t Lui^i
*nd VI- tc.-Io !.»«¦ martini, in n«ilr:>a<5 Hill
«"iF\rl miv*. urar <;alav.-';:a». CalHveras
County. Cal_ (iiainir? into Fun Antone
Cr*«_. wrfcleb readies «.:alavcr«s River. civt«
ntrM-rf thut n>eet!&c Mill b« licld at room 'M
Flood ImltfiSK. Ka:i Francisco. Cal. Feb. S'
' irtf'i. n l:3i :<. m.
ATCNL'AL Mcctlre— Tlie regular annual »:jeet-
'r.R of 'he stockholders of the Union Trust
("•Mnpany of tan Francisco will be helrl at the
t'iice of the ¦ytniti>nny in the Union Tr^st
Co— rpssr*a bulidirjr. corner Port. Montgon i-
try ar.ij Market m.. Sa;i Franc;i»co. Cal.. on
THt'UFDAT, the 4th day of February. 1001.
H the h'.ur cf 2 o'clock p. jn.. for the pur-
|it*e nt rjcitinc a boaid cf directors to serve
fcr th* fc-Jlov.-inff jtar. the amendment cf the
Lv-!s-« of the company and the tran&acticn
• *T Kttcti "tber brrtriew dm may come before
the im*!:nt.
CHARLES J. DEEniNG. Secretary.
AN'XL'AL Mi vtinr.— Tlie rrrular annual mect-
1::« <f ihe *toclt}icJ4en of The National lc-»
• . :.-.-;>:«n> aiil \* \u-\ii _t "the office _f Ihe
<r.n*|.any. ::J7 SlirUfi ».t.. .-"an Francitico. Cat,
«^i WEDNfJSOAY. iL»; :M 5jy .ir February.
*W>4. at the hour cf 11 o'clock a. m.. >cr the
r^n'O-" «I ejertin- a bcarl cf directors to
for tb» er.»mins year and the trantac-
non cf fuc'i ¦rhcr business us may come
taefcrt- '.lit. rncer'ni:.
J. T. DONAHUL\ Secretary.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE — Con.
A. CAMERON & CO., Phone South 1050.
S Eddy st.. cor. Market and i'owen.
•Headquarters tur rooming-houses, hotels and
all kinds of business chances.
JOfl-room modern family hotel; swell loca-
tion; first-class trade; ocean baths: everything
up to date; clearing SI 200 per month; will be |
fi "" lflc « d for one-third lese than cost to fur-
J__i ": obliged to leave February 1; price, $li>,- '
vUV.
20 rooms; rent $75: 2 years' lease; good per-
manent and transient house; price $1200.
44 rooma: rent only $125; 5 years' lease: run-
ning: water; everything in good condition;
clears $125 to $150 per month; price ?280O.
lit rooms; corner; rent 595; pale furniture;
good carpets; hair mattresses; part cash, bal-
ance on time.
CS rooms: rent $250; '1 years' lease; well rur-
nisiied throughout: close in; flrst-class board-
ing-house; clears $250 per month.
5 rooms and bath; rent $18; water free; new,
modern flat, furnished 1 year; price $300.
220 rooms;' grand, new, modern apartment-
house; elegantly furnished; swell location:
clearing $400 to $600 per month; golden oppor-
30 rooms; rent $95; fine location; all on 2
floors; 3 years' lease: clears $100; full; $2000.
125 rooms: first-class downtown house; 5-
year lease; cheap rent; private baths; doing
fine commercial business; reduced; see thi6.
116 rooms; new, elegantly appointed apart-
ment-house; one cf the swelleit in city; clear-
ing J300 to $(500 month; splendid opportunity.
7-room. new. modern flat: $450 cash, balance
on Installments; income $45; price $550. (
24 rooms; rent $140; newly furnished; fine
neighborhood; close in; always full.
1C2 rooms; most elegantly appointed apart-
ment-house in San Francisco; beautiful, mod-
ern building; fine entrance; cheap rent; clear-
ing $400 per month; 5-year lease; part cash,
balance 8 per cent per year.
8 rooms; golden oak fur.; Mo<juet carpets,
oil paintings; must leave city; make offer.
50 rooms; rent only S200; downtown house;
always full; clearing $200 to $300 month; new-
ly renovated and in fine condition.
15 rooms: Van Ness ave.; oak and mahogany
furniture; a bargain If taken at once.
88 rooms: bonton location: elegant building;
luxuriously furnished: all modern conveniences;
grand entrance and halls; strictly up to date;
called East by sickness.
12 rooms; Post: oak furniture; Brussels car-
pets; clears $50; $300 cash, balance on Install-
ments; price $S0O.
59 rooms; new and elegant building: fur-
nished beautifully and up to date;, hot and
cold water every room; $4000 cash necessary.
7 rooms; rent $38; modern houie; new furni-
ture; clears $50; only $400 cash, balance time.
14 rooms; rent $40; new and modern little
boarding-house: fine furniture: hair mattresses;
clearing over $200 month; price $1000.
24 rooms; rent only $136: flrst-class cnndl-
tion; oak. mahogany, birdseye maple furni-
ture: extra fine carpets; clears $70; price
$2000; half cash, balance l'i per cent.
10 rooms; rent $50: close in; oak, blrdseye
maple fur.; fine carpets: elegant little transient
house; clears $125; part cash; price $000.
15 rooms; Van Ness ave.: rent $S5; oak. ma-
hogany furniture; always full; price $1200; al-
most new.
RC rooms: cheap rent: furnished last June;
oak furniture: Rrussels carpets; clears over
$250 per month; half cash, balance 1 per cent;
owner Bick in bed.
60 rooms; Bush; rent only $182; good furni-
ture, carpet?; clearing over J200 per month;
only 14 rooms to take care of, balance do own
work; a snap.
31 rooms: rent $110: fur., carpets new; clears
over SI0O per mo.: 2 years' lease; wife sick In
hospital; part cash; $1500.
10 rooms; rent $45; n<>w carpets; newly pa-
pered and painted; clears $30; $450 cash, bal-
ance time.
5 rooms; Geary: rent $2A; fin* little home; 3
rooms rented for $25; price $200.
12 rooms; rent $60; oak and niahogany fur.;
good carpets: fine yard and garden in. rear;
brings in $60; leaves balance landlady; price
$900.
G room?: rent $35: oak fur.. Brussels carpets;
3 rooms rented for $2S; price $300.
20 rooms: rent only $™5; good fur. and car-
pets; clearing $75; owner there 7 years; full;
sickness; $CCO.
17 room*: rent $C0: oak fur., good «ni*t«:
clearing $70; mtg. $700 can stand;reduced $10..0.
20 rooms: r»nt enly $100; downtown: perma-
nent roomers; clears $90 per mo.; going East;
$2100. (
C E HINKLEY. PHONE MINT 70G.
" 1020 Market ?t., Opp. Fifth.
Former patrons my best references.
Reliable dealing. Easy term*. Clear titles.
Country correspondence promptly answered.
Fart cash. Balance monthly payments.
1H rooms; G*ary st.: speculation. .?..."
31 rooms; sunny corner; rent $5j. ;> $'J,'V 0
7 rooms; Leavenworth st.: rent $30. . . .$3.>0
CO rooms; Market St.; liquor license., . .$4000
17 rooms; Pine st.; clear $50 $«00
» rooms; Sutter st.; partially furnished. 5o.-<0
12 rooroo;- California St.: rent $50: a snap.$750
31 rooms; Fourth and Market: a gift. .$1500
Irt rooms: (Jeary St.; clears $40: rent $2S.$*o<>
2* room*; leavenworth St.". speculation. $1000
10 rooms; -Bush St.; rent $37 50: only $450
32 room*: Market 9t.; 5 years' lease. .. .$2tVK)
10 rooms; boarding; offer wanted $000
100 rooms: grand sunny corner $7000
15? rooms; 6 unfurnished; rent $45 $5f>0
MS rooms: transient; lease $15oO
20 rooms; lease; electric lights .' *fi«'>O
8 roms; Post st.; rent $32; only $250
Grocery and bar; rent $20 $375
15 rooms: Fifth and Market: rent $35. ..$550
6-room flat; cost $700; rent $30 $350
12 rooms; Polk st.; partially furnished... $450
(a rooms: Mission and Sixth sts.: le«*e.$4500
45 rooms: partially furnished: rent $85.. $1500
A— CALIFORNIA INVESTMENT CO.,
Phone Black 0901, 777% Market st.
Bank References
Any House Sold on Easy Terms.
I Grand Geary-st. flat, 8 rooms; rent $42 50;
$600; easy terms.
Sunny corner— Eddy-j-t. flat, 8 rooms; ele-
gantly furnished; price ?J>50; see this.
20 sunny rooms: modern; elegantly fur-
nished: swell location; reduced to $2100; sick-
ness cause.
65-room apartment-house; sunny corner: ele-
vator: good lease; low rent; price $4200;
bargain.
14 rooms; north of Market; rent $60; fttA
."1 rooms; rloce to Market; snap; rent, lease;
reduced to $2100; bargain.
Attention, buy'ers — We have the most ex-
clusive, list in thla city of the new and mod-
ern rooming and apartment houses, hotels and
fiats not advertised; call on us before buying;
wo h.avn your Idoal. CALIFORNIA INVEST-
MENT CO.. 777Vi Market st. -
A— JOS. SKITIM, 0 EDDY ST.. ST. ANN'S
BUILDING. PHONE 'GREEN 031.
SPECIAL BARGAINS.
20 rooms; POLK ST.: sunny corner:
rent #¦* room; clears $S5; payments $1500
44 ROOMS: new modern building:
CLEARS $175 and owner reserves 6 ¦
room?; 5-yr. LEASE; easy payments. $270<]
Any house SOLD on monthly PAYMENTS.
WHY pay rent when Andersen will s»H you n
lotiplnc-house on ; easy payments? ANDER-
SEN. 935 Market. Bt., room 1.
10 ROOMS; cheap rent:* part cash, balance pay.
monts. J. ANDERSEN, 935 Market St., r. 1.
FAMILY hotel, across the liay; sunny corner;
central; (54 rooms; rent $115: clears $550 per
month: a bargain: must sell. ! Address box
I'4S Cal' office.
HOUSE, good location, 4 blocks. from Market
-¦> Ft.;, 15 rooms; good paying house: will sell
reasonable; tow rent. Box 550. Call.
LODGING house. 22 rooms: price $2750;. on
Powell »,t.: central location.' Box S12. Call.
LODGING-HOUSES TO LET.
LODGING-HOUSE, J 63S-64S Commercial et.,
"• near Kearny. upstairs; notice on premises.
SI'lklTUALISBI.
MRS. DP. MARTIN, wonderful spiritual heal-
er and business medium: mining a specialty:
advice I guarantee on all business proposi-
tions to be. successful. My wonderful mag-
net will bring reconciliation and lasting peace
with the one you love; readings by mall most
satisfactory. $2; readings dally. $1; develop-
ing class Thursday. 8 p. m. 502 Eddy st.
MME.. YOUNG'S genuine spirit 'messages to>
night. 10c 619 McAllister; . readings daily
W.G. KEEGAN holds test 'seances every. nigh
except fc'at.MOc: 6U..-10 to 5. US -Sixth ct
MEETING NOTICES — Con tinned.
THE .innua! meeting r,t th<? fitockhold*i s of
the Pierra Railway Company of California i
will be held at ilie o:fice- or tlie company, |
No. •-'29 Crocker b'Jildingr. City and County ]
of San Fnnctrca state of California, on I
MONDAY the >!h da;- -A February. 19U4. at j
thf bour of 11 o'cioc-1; r. m.1 for the purpow I
of f!M!ns rlJreetM- for the er.ruinsr yea*- J
«r>: the transaction o" KUCh other buiines? as i
tnav con;<? before saW roretina-. Dated at i
•^in Frpncisco. Cal.. January 23. 1904. S. j
D I-'KKSHMAN. Secretary. )
AGENTS WASTED.
AGENTS— An agency fcr a proposition that is j
a cleridc-d impiovrnrnt on building and loan
Is worth having. Great Western Improve- '
rneot Company. Parrott building.
AD VEETISEtlE-TT WSZTXKO.
HAVING recently acquired through exchange
of pn-ucrty three S4o scholarships in the beat
College of Advertising In the United States.
1 wlii s<-ll then-, at 25 per cent discount for
cavh; the ccll-pe teaches advertisement writ-
ing fcy corres|)under.c<> and assists its grad-
Lai** tr> secure positions; catalcsues fur-
rishrd on application. Address box :;020. Call.
AUOHTIO.V.
A HEALTHY brunette baby boy for adoption.
MRS. DR. FU.NKK, 141'J Eighth at., Oakland.
ASTROLOGY.
MRS. J. FRANCIS, astrolcrlst; lessons; read-
inss; hours 10 to 5. Suit* 10. Hotel Langha— t.
ATTOnNEY5-.Vr-L.AW.
~W. H. BITTNER.
ATTCPXEY AND COUNSELOR AT LAW.
Advice free. Phone South 743.
Suite 333, Emma Spreckels building.
Divorces quietly and legally obtained for
«Mtht causes: <lamases secured for injuries to
person or estate; replevins for property un-
lawfully detained; attachments and Karnisu-
mer.ts for debts; bonds furnished; bankruptcy
rroccpdlngs; wills probated; estates settled;
collections mad? in all parts of the U. S.
A PRIVATE, quick divorce for a small fee.
Fre me anil save money; no pay In advance.
G. W. HOWE. ATTORSEr-AT-LAW.
Kstab'ished 22 yrs. ; raw. 1. 2. 3. 4 & S. 1st fl.
J1^2 Market st. between Mason and Taylor.
Advice free all matters. Detectives employed.
H. W. KING, Attorney-at-Law, Exam. bldg..
Cth f.oor. entiance room fill; established 20
vears: all cases; general court and office prac-
tice; no fee in advance or for consultation:
evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3061.
ADVICE free — I will advance cost in meritori-
ous cases; divorces, probate and all other law
cases; no fees In advance; open every even-
ing. J. M. THURSTON. 819 Markrt st.. r. 31.
~ ADVICE FREE.
Columbian Law and Collection Agency,
Room 85. 010 Market et. ; tel John 6'J26.
DIVORCE costs $12: open evenings: tenants
ejected. $5. 916 Market, r.62: phone Black C5K
DIVORCE — CcBts. $12: quick, quiet; advice
free; open evenings. 927 Market tt.. r. SOI.
L. S. CLARK. S>27 Market st.; consultation
free: no fees In advance: open evenings.
A17TO31OBIL.BS.
AUTOMOBILE suitable for business or pleas-
ure, with detachable tonneau; very little
in use. Box Mi7, Call.
ninos. dogs, Jeto.
Pe'linpr cut RToiler Canary Birds, males and fe-
males; Goldfinch Canary mulcts. ."I*i3 ICth ft.
HOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
PARENT wants Christian person having coun-
try reisidence to take charge temporarily of
3 children. 6. 10. 13. Address box 515, Call.
PPSlXtSSS CHANCES.
A— $3500; THE leading restaurant of this city:
rent $150; surrounded by 3 theaters; private
boxes for ladles; a flrst-class paying place.
R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— $1600: SALOON: rent $40; place doing a
pood business; clearing: for owner at least
S26O per month: patronized by merchants and
printers mostly: no nlgrht or Sunday work; a
rare chance. Particulars R. G. WILKE. 2tJ^4
Kearny et.
A— $1200; CORNER saloon on Clay et.. near
Front; mercantile lunch; rent $15; establibh-
ed sears: good business. R. G. WILKE,
36^4 Kearny st.
A— $S0O: CIGAR stand on California St.. near
Eansome; rent $40; value in sisht: a place
¦where any man easily tan clear $200 per
month. Eee R. G. WILKE. 2t>H Kearny Bt.
A— $1600; RESTAURANT and coffee saloon
just a few doors from Market «t. ; owners
clearing at least $300 per month; will give
trial to purchaser if ' be means business;
cicknees of one of the partners only cause
of sale. If you Invest In this business your
money is well invested. See R. G. WILKE.
26*4 Kearny st.
A— $4000: CORNER saloon In wholesale dis-
trict; net rent $65: lease: this is one of the
leading and best paying places in this city;
no night work. Call R. G. WILKE. 26*4
Kearny St. ' .
A— $1250; DELICATESSEN and dairy produce
store; close to Market and Stockton sts.;
large stock: clears at least $250 rer month;
full value in sight; a eplendld offer. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26}i Kearny s^
A — ROADHOUSB with 15 newly furnished
rooms; bathroom, barn. 1 cart. 1 electric
piano; 10 years' lease: rent $t«; price $3000;
business very good; that is all. For particu-
lars tee R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— $1500: BUTCHER shop In Western Addl-
tion: rent $40; weekly sale about 4 steers.
25 sheep: 1 horse. 1 wagon: dally receipts
about $40. S«»,* R. G. WILKB. 26V4 Kearny.
A— $1750: CORNER grocery and bar on
Guerrero St.; lease; a good paying business;
fresh stock; all ca*h trade. Particulars K.
G WILKE. 26^ J55^ny_8t- -
A— $1400: CORNER grocery and bar on 'De-
viEadero et. : owner has a fine paying busi-
ness, bat family affairs compel htm to
leave for East. Eee R. G. WILKE. 26H
Kearny et.
A— $t00; DRY goods and notion store with 4
flr.e furnished rooms on Mission rt.; splendid
chance for man and wife. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26',» Kearny ft.
A — $1500; THE best oyster stand In Portland,
Or.: a man with first-class references can
Irave $700 stand on the business. See R. G.
WILKE. 26K Kearny it. •
A— $r>GO — BRANCH bakery and candy store,
-itli living rooms: daily receipts about $10:
chokest location In the Mission. See R. G.
WILKE. 2C'4 Kearny st.
A — $100: GROCERY »nd bar en Howard St.;
living roo— is; rent $20: good place. See R.
G. WILKE. 20»4 Kearny Ht.
a77~77Tt7i¥~r1:liable agents... a
KREDO ft CO 705 MARKET ST.
ESTABLISHED 15 YEARS
jfcon— Saloon rear Market: rare chance.
$2550 — Hot»-I and restaurant; r.ear city.
$1500 — Bakery: owner retiring: old age.
$r,<*H) — Hotel and bar, with 3-acre orchard.
$0Wi — Grocery and bar; worth $1500.
A— $1050— RESTAURANT, bakery nnd d»llca-
\.ff?*n: receipts $05 daily; 3 furnished rooms.
K R EDO & CO. "
NOTICE— We have b!g list of business oppor-
tunities of all kinds. KREDO &. CO.. 7«5
M a iket ft. ¦ ¦ '_ • • '
i CUR new ""Duplex-Scale System" won over 200
|>cr cent In the past 22 days on Frisco races;
for i-rocfs end references ask any subscriber
on our lizt. or call and investigate; explana-
tion free to regular subscribers at our office
only; commissions handled en this Byetem for
2S per cent of the net weekly profits. Terms
fcr our Handicap sheets. $2 per day or $10
per week. N. S. HAND, expert handicapper,
rcoms 1. 2 and .">. 113 Stockton St., S. Fv
A^ 3 PER CENT MONTHLY.
On Invest— lents cf $100 and upward; no "get-
rii'h-quick" swindle, turf speculation or gam-
liiins scheme, but a reputable, established
Duel ccs* enterprise in San Francisco; cleared
Sii7.«'.'W last year on .flOO.itOO capital; «tocK
increased $20,000 to enlarge plant; call
j er write -for particulars. ¦
j GIIRMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market st.
i A— $CCO; FRUIT Mor*; I-.orsc "and wagon; cash
rcBl.«;tr; rafe: large stock. Eureka Co.. 713
Marl:«t ft.
TGI: — Butcher shoa. .. Western Addition:
r.-izhborhood first class; nothing but best of
trad« ft sood i«riecs; fixtures new and -first
c!a:-s: horst\ wacon nr.d cart and a!l tools;
a e<*..d wascn trade: will sell everything for
S1S.V>. Box 'Mi. Call office; no acent3.
FOU talc— Stationery, candy and toy store;
has run for several years: with 4 living
rooms, with or without furniture; close to
Market et.: in cood ' location fcr business
I tnutt cell as othejr business compels me
to leave. Address box 80S. Call.
IF 1 can show you that I have a turf system
which l:as not had a losing day will vou put
t:p $510 with my, $500 to. operate it? We can
make $0000 Jn twelve weeks. Box 93:J, Call.
A— .<2;«: PARTNER in est. office and commis-
sion . business: _uait>jilee $S<> month: no ex-
perience neccs'ry: L.arg'n. BROWN. 1221 Jlkt.
THE PACIFIC BUSINESS ASSOCIATION,
114S Market, buys real estate and hai
real eat-U and businesses for tal*.
CHANCES — Continued.
FOn i=al<» or exchange fcr larg? roominjr or
apariment house, Y-X acies. near Santa Cruz;
D-room modern cottai: p ; hot and cold water:
all well furnished; -40 acres vineyard: 20
acres grain: SCO apple trecp; .'Jotf cherrief;
ISO© iirunea; nh-.o pear trees: — .ine tanks hold-
ins "000 Kallons; all cooperate ; large barn;
packing-houses; biaekFmith, plio^i equipped
with tool*: 2-rconi hou*e for hired man;
also o.uarter.- for othfr help; 7 more acres
ready lor sitting more cranes: several cords
wood cut: dryers; incubators: 2 horsee; wag-
ons; carriage: _ pie»: t» sheep: Jersey cow;
U* chickens; farming i:i:jilements; plenty
all kinds packing: boxes; flowers of all kinds:
lountain with uolilflHh; balance of land in
\imbtr: rui.nlng creek parses hous?; water
piped all over place; In case of trade will
)>ay difference in caph; price $12.tX)0; an
ideal home. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale or trade — Quartz mine; fine prospect:
located in Cal.; assays $40 to $70 ton; trade
for r'ins house or business. Cameron, 3 Eddy.
TOR aale— Wdl-localed candy store; all equip-
ped for reakin_ own candies: established 8
years; clearing over 1200 i>er month; will in-
voice about 5120k. CAMERON. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale — One of the beet restaurants in city;
'¦heap rent; rec--lpts $75 to $100 per day; will
hear i:ivejsti_atton: price $1500: also one In
Kood location for $-ft\>. CAMERON & CO.,
.'$ Eddy st.
TAILORING and coats' furnishing business
for eale; doine the largest business in one
of th* best cities on Pustet Sound; excellent
opportunity for two young men with small
capital. Address C. ROBERTS, 101 Va-
llejo st.. city.
A— PROFITS SL'OO menth: cigars, billiards and
clubroom; rent $45: lease; invoices $1500; near
new ixrtofflce; call, investigate, make offer
to PK1RM. room 72, St. Ann's blde.a
BAZAAR anJ stationery store; good location
and clean stock. Kor particulars apply be-
tween 1 and 3 at 2550 Mission st.
FOH sale — Stationery, books, notions, china
ar.d apate mid linwaro store; centrally lo-
cated: on streetcar line; good trade; 3 liv-
ing rooms; place well established. Box 611,
Call office
ANY one can make $2000 clear In three to six
months by investlnc $<!OO; no chance to lose;
out who wishes can sive a part or all of
their time pref erred. Box 91!0, Call office.
A— HAVE $1000 to invest: want some legiti-
mate paying business. Box b'05. Call.
KOR sale — Complete dyeing and cleaning
works; good location. Box 520. Call office.
SALOON for sale. Inquire 10 a. m.. Golden
Eaple Dist. Co., cor. Pin* and Montgomery.
FOR sale — Delicatessen store on business
street, one block from Market; good tradt.
Box CS1. Call. /
DELICATESSEN store for eale; centrally lo-
cated; in Western Addition; cood trade; on
car line: no comcetition. Box SSI, Call.
RESTAURANT In Oakland, on principal
street; central: meals 10c and up: «?ood
trad*; Sow rent; make offer. Box 887, .Call.
RESTAURANT on water front: good run of
trade; it-cation good; closed Sundays; price
?2r.O. Box 972. Call office.
TWO-CHAIR baiber shop. $50: flat of 7 rooms,
$150; saloon, with 14 furnished rooms, $1000.
Boston Real Estate. S Mason St.
WILL, sell my dye works in Oakland; good
business; profit* big. Address for partlcu-
lars, box 71S, Call.
FOR sale — Lumber yard: good location; excel-
lent chance to get a yard on small payment
down; no acmts. Box 375, Call.
A— $400 CIGAR stand on corner. Inquire 3
Hyde gt.
CIGAR store for rale on Market St.. near
Third: leas? price low. Address box 077, Call.
$750— DELICATESSEN rtore. with IB steady
boarders: can Increase- trade. Box 063, Call.
FOR »ale — Saloon on a Drominent driveway;
jtood trade. Box 738. CaJl.
CIGAR stand; down town In whole»ale 'dis-
trict; good stand. Address box 731, Call.
A RESTAURANT outfit for sale. 272 Bran-
nan Et.
FOR sale — Oyster snd chop house: cause,
trouble bet. partners/ must be sold. 6O3V4 4th.
A BAKERV in good country town to rent.
Inquire 40S McAllister st, .
FIRST-CLASS stove and hardware store for
_jsale. cheap, account departure. Box 721, Call.
WANTED— Stationery and notion store; stato
price; rent, etc. Box 443. Call.
VERT low figure: well stocked, good paying
cor, bazaar: must be sold. 1600 Devtsadero.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 100S Market Bt., opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m. .
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SAL.E3.
MARION GRIFFIN,
400 Hearst bldg.. over Examiner entrance.
Modern business methods in fino front offices.
Phone Black 8607, or take elevator to 4th floor.
Up-to-date title abstract free with every sale.
¦\Ve do business strictly according to law.
103 ROOMS— ARISTOCRATIC. .
New and modern apartment*, elegantly fur-
nished; S-year lease; Income $1007; expenses
$S39; exact profit $458 per month; the why,
sickness.
30 ROOMS— SWELL.
New and modern; extra fine furnishings; hot
water In every room; fashionable location; only
$2000 cash necessary; clears $175 month.
50-ROOM CORNER.
New and modern: 4-year lease; price $4000;
clears $207 per month; almost no work.
24 ROOMS— EXTRA.
New and modern: on Sutter st. : elegantly
furnished, and clears $150 to $175 monthly.
20 UP-TO-DATE ROOMS.
New and modern: mahogany furniture; heavy
: Brussels carpets; hair mattresses; clean and
quiet; Income $111 over expenses; all perma-
nent roomers.
15- ROOM SNAP.
New and modern: spleadid sunny , corner;
clears JSO; will sell for $1200 less than cost.
10 ROOMS ON SUNNY' SIDE.
New and modern; rent $50; full of nice peo-
ple: small amount down and monthly install-
ments.
44 ROOMS— A MINT.
Others have cleared $600 a month In this
house; better Investigate and make an offer.
11 ROOMS— A GIFT.
Only $150; big bargain: enly partly furnished;
full of roomers; price only $150 U. S. money.
65 ROOMS— DEPENDABLE.
N»w and moiiprn: 5-year lease: splendid fur-
nishings; profit $452 over all expenses.
9 - ' _____
21 ROOMS— O. K.
Centrally located north of Market st. ; part
jofflces; clears steadily $00 month; very easy
terms.
40- ROOM SNAP.
New house: new furniture; owner has rheu-
matism and compelled to sell; price asked 1«
$3000. ; -•
28 ROOMS— CHEAP.
Cheap rent. $50: cheap house. $1250; but 11
must be void; full; part housekeeping.
32 ROOMS— SWELL.
Spacious grounds: corner; ¦«- homelike: nice
clae« of roomers; rent only $125; profit $200.
S2-ROOM HOTEL.
Mechanics' headquarters; well established:
a full house all the time; bar; a splendid busi-
ness.
15 ROOMS— PERMANENT AND TRANSIENT,
Good for $100 month; $1200; one-third down
403 Haight St.: 8-room corner flat; $<5.10: rent
$30: income $52 cash from 5 rooms; terms. $15t
down and balance as you make it. Why A:
yon pay rent when you can make $22 profit
and have 3 rooms for your own use free? W 11
exchange for a vacant lot.
HANDSOMELY furnished, eunny JO-roorr
house; rent enly $3S: splendid location lr
Western Addition: always full; clears $3.'
over expenses, aside from very large .roorr
. for owner; price reduced to $600: the bargair
\ of the city. MARION GRIFFIN. 406 Exam.
Jner building. . '
FOR S\LE— A COAUDING-HOUSE; MEDIUM
SIZE; KLEGANTLY FURNISHED: LOCA-
TION B1CST IN THE CITY; LEASE
OWNER LEAVING TOWN. BOX 2856,
CALL OFFICE '".
FOR sale; — Lodclnc ' house. 32 '.rooms. $2850;
lior.-ii town on prominent street, near Market.
Box o.".6. c-ii. ¦ ¦ - -,» ¦; - ,• ¦-. • v . ::j - ¦¦•.
13 ROOMS; rent $7.1; price $1200: easy pay
* n,»,,i. a vnKR«Kjc. ¦ mr, Market- sLTHE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 26, 1904.
11
•PROVINCE, Or A NEWSPAPER LIKE THE CALL o«o
HELP WAyrEP~.MALE— Cos.
A— MURRAY & READY. 634-«flT Clay It
Phone Main f*4«
Leading Employment and Labor Agents
190.1 we gave i»(>4 we hope to
tO.«!<> nu-n worfL Increase 60,000.
SOUTH.
ARIZONA. CLOSE TO PRESCOTT.
910 Milf*. Arlrona. i $a 10
SHIP DAILY.
| TO
ARIZONA.
25 woodchoppers. summer and winter job-
redwood SOo. pine $1 25, hardwood $1 50 cord
2 wo-^dchoppers, Maripoea County, $2 cord.'
6 muckers, gold mines. $67 50.
5 laborers, good mine. $2 25 day.
Foreman small planing mill; eee boss here.
BlackFmith. vineyard, sonth. $35 found; plas-
ter moldmak*r terra cotta works, $2 25 day
Walter, country louvre. $35 found
2 elevator boys. 4 dl«hwashers.
2 i>in setters, bowling alley, city.
Milker, make butter, see boss here; Nevada.
Milker, fare paid. $55 found.
14 farmhands. $26 and $30 fd. ; 4 pruners.
Blackemiih. run shop on shares.
«.'oop<-r, stack work, good job.
Shingle sawyer, north, $65 found.
Shingle Jointer, Mendocino County, $35 found.
Carriage trimmer, south.
Nurseryman, orchard. $26 found
Pastry <*ook and baker, country hotel, $50 fd.
3 married laborer*.
Ml'RRA Y fc READY. 634-838 Clay st.
ASSISTANT cutter on shirt waists. JUDA
BROS.. 320 Market at.
TWO-chalr barber shoD, |45. 1136H Folsom st.
TWO-chalr barber shoti: flne mirror, wash-
stand; linoleum: $50. 1674 Mission st.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket — 7O0 rooms; 33c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
MEN to learn barber trade. San Francisco
Barber College, 741A Howard st.
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullis. room 40. Phelan
bldg. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G.A.R.
A BRANCH office of The Call for ihe reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. SC3 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your shoes half soled while waiting; 25c
to 5Oc. S03 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
HORSES ASP WAGO5S.
WANTED — To buy a stylish horse, one that is
not <low; also a buggy and set of harness;
must be in tititop order; prefer buggy with
rubber tire«: state full cartlculars, price,
age and time of horee. Box «17. Call.
DON'T FORGET THE BIG AUCTION TUES-
DAY. January 26, 11 a. ra.. at 1140 Folsom
*t.. of 46 horses and wagons, surreys, bug-
gies, carts and harness; no limit; everything
must be sold.
FOR sale — A delivery horse, 7 years old; also
2 spring delivery wagons and harness; good
condition. Box 624, Call.'
3 LARGE work horses, weighing 1300 a plec*.
2415 Santa Clara ave., Alameda.
ONE tcp wagon and one small delivery wagon
for cale. 512 Gough st.
FOR sale — C second-hand express wagons an3
two trucks. iK3 Bea!« *t.
FOR sale cheap; 3 spring business wagons,
new; 1 2d-ha:>d wagon. 1CS0 Mlssioc.nr.13th.
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon
and ro-rart Tor rale cheap. 532 Mission st.
Largest assortmt 2d-hand wagons, buckb'd. sur-
rey, harness. work.drivlng horses. 15th-Valencla.
HOISES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list of houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G.H.UMBSEN tt CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A — HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list;
service absolutely frte; take advantage of
thla department; It will save you tlm9 and
trouble. Cordes Fursltur* Co.. 245-259 Geary
•t., en the SQUare.
i
EEFORE mcvlng get our printed list of bouses
to let. BALD TV IN Ic KOWKLL. Zi Post St.
I>VKST31K\TS.
BONDS STOCKS AND MORTGAGES.
All dividend-paying securities for eale.
GERMANIA INVEST CO.. 927 Market st.
LOST AAD VOVKD.
LOST — Jan. 23; brown spaniel; white streak
on breast, tail docked. Return to 1129
McAIiikter st. and receive reward.
LOST — A large male collie, white and tan; an-
swers to the name of Imp; liberal reward.
Return 120S Sutter et.
LO?T — Skye terrier answering to the name of
"Boseo." 1S18 Turk st. : liberal reward.
LOST— Eighteenth St., bet. Missouri and Cliff
House, gentleman's large black purse, con-
taining gold. E. CROSBY. 1514 Twentieth
St.; reward.
LOST — A lady's sunburst diamond pin, con-
taining five diamonds. Saturday night, Jan.
23; liberal reward. 1C2.1 Washington st.
LOST — Skye terrier, answering to the name of
'T.OSC0." Return to J618 Turk et. and re-
celve liberal reward.
MEDICAL.
MRS. DR. WYETH, specialist for all female
complaints; Instant relief guaranteed; 30
years' experience; removed to S26 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and irregularities; instant re-
lief guaranteed. 10CSV* Market St.. opp. 3th.
VALPEAU'S female pills; best regulating pills
sold: price $2 50 by express. Pasteur's
syringe and tablets; price $5. By express
only en receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTH-
ERS, whol^sal? druggists. Seventh and
Broadway. Oakland.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
in trouble consult this specialist on femalt
complal;-.t»; positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office. 101S Market et.
CATARRH, DEAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
positively cured; new method; 1 week's treat-
ment free. Dr. Cottinghain. 204 Sutter et.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market — Reliable ladles'
specialist: a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
Drs. Goodwin. 733 Turk. nr. Van Ness — Expert
in obfcteirl??. female complaints; Inst. relief;
treatment <1O; bcurt. 10 to 5; 25 years' exper.
DR. ROSEN resides 2935 Folsom St.. corner
2€th; lad;o«. relief or no fee; $10.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method cf treatment. 1126 Market st.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 319 Powell St., opposite
Unlcn Square: ail diseases cured by herbs.
~ iltSKS A.\JJ MIXING.
THE Uonterey Gold Mining Company, which
owns one of the mest valuable mines in Cali-
fornia, has placed on the market 23.000 snares
of Us stock at 25c a share, the par value
bclnc $1. Mr. J. J. Taylor, the eminent mln-
lrg expert, is In charge of the work and re-
ports that the richness of the mine Is gaining
rapidly as the work advances; this stock will
go to (2 a fhare within the next 12 months;
Interested parties can see the quartz and gold
taVen out cf this mine at the office of their
(feral agents
GERMANIA' INVEST. CO.. 027 Market st.
MISCB^LAAEOIS— F Oil SALIC.
BOILERS, engine*. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
TRY ASBESTOS roof paint and be convinced
that it is the only paint that will stop all
leak» In any roof, either metal or shingle; it
is alho the best preservative paint for all new
n:etal and shingle roofs, and makes the rocf
last over twice as long than painted with
any other psmts; it has no equal. Office. 419
California £t.. rcom 21: telephone James 571C.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAKT
Repair it with elaterlte; in rolls easy to lay;
* needs no painting or coating; good over old
iron, tin or shingles; best for new roofs.
ELATER1TE HOOFING CO.. 713 Market *t.
FOR SALE — 5 H. P. electric motor, one cir-
cular raw bench, one 18 and, one 20 Inch
circular saws. L. J. NEVERS, 1S5. 137, 130
Mason St.. new building.
2D-HAND machinery, boilers, engines, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc., bought. . nold,
rented and exchanged; se« Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 13O-132 Beale mU
A— Fine suits, $7 50; dress pants, $2 50. Orig-
inal Misfit Clothing Parlors, 238 Kearny St..
near Bush: open to 9 p. m., Sunday to noon.
A— BUTS *ell* or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITEL AW. 253-255 Spear st,
» LUIOG Columbia dUc grapbophoce and 27
10-lneh records, almost new; will sell cheap.
Box C«7, Call of flcf.
DESKS bought, aold and exchanged T.^D.
MCCARTHY CO.. 762 Mission; tel. Bueh 187. ,
-^ .KELP^W ANTE D — FE M A L E— Con.
COOK, small hotel, city $30
• e) cooks, city, with cr without washing
• $:>0. *•»
••Cook, 2 in family, country * ?>() •
Cook, little wach. San Joee $30 |
4 second rirls $20. $25 i
Obambermsid snd waiting, country $20 1
3 nurse jrirls, «-ity and country $20. $2?
4 w-fcitrvsM-s for Siofl. « ity $20, $22 T.<> !
Hiuww-rk ¦-.-;•.-:¦. #25 •
• .2 rhiim»-ermaids. wait 1 meal $2O
<6 general houswork girts for nice places.
b«M of Mjfpf, «-ity and country, too mar to
.aflvertUr. Apply J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
J>34 Sutttr .-t.
' TVANTED — A workir.g housekeeper; widower
Vith 2 children; wages $:5. 5 Telegraph
ave.. Oakland. -
GIRL for i~ooking and housework: reference*;
__ r.ajtee $22 Tin. Call forenoon. 1724 Turk st."
TSXPERIENCED, tuckers nnd operators: also
__ Riris to *e* bottom on ladle*" waists. 2S 1M.
WANTEJV-- We. man for general housework.
Xpply 1445 EUi? Ft.
ASSISTANT in office and coilertor; not under
U> - year?. 553 Patron bulldinc-
K/RiJT-^LASS drer»maker"s a*fietsnt wanted.
Apply M7 Ellis ct.
TVANTED— A flrFt-r!a«s wsist trimmer and
.m-ain PaMMT*. CALLAHAN. 330 O'Farrell.
TALENTED amateur pss-ftanasr*. Arr>l>* at
<~hute* 6 p- m. Wednesday: salary no object.
GIRL for housework in »ma!l family at 2343
Stuart rt Berkeley. Call at place or *t
r»r. P. F. C B*ehL «27 Market, room 216.
•Erctna Srrerk^s Hdg.
LADIES— Most profitable steady home work; f»
to $15 w**kly; material free; no canvassing;
fend stamped envelope. Surety Co.. Chicago.
CPERATORS on *kirrs; steady work and good
• pay. P BAIiEN, 112 First et.
WANTED — A Jtirl to An general housework;
• mu-ft freak English; mages $20. 1014 Powell.
JfSEtiXED -i>cr.,»n for high-class position;
• *cn!e nursing experience. Box 9S7, Call.
TVAVTFU — Tcur.g girl to take care of baby.
. -.122* Polk street.
GIKL for I-ousem-ork : good position for right
• .sarty. 922 F-Iils et.
"A* WEEK'S news fcr 8 cent*— The Weekly Call.
_ 16 pages. In wrapper, for malllnr. $1 per year.
. HELP WANTED— MALE.
AT-'C. R. HANSEN * CO.?. Phor.e Grant 1S5.
:.'• Fcr First-class Southern «7alifomia Hotel.
FREE FARE. FREE FARE.
}'.»a<i pantryman. 3 n:en under him. $45
f < und.
..Hat work washer, $40 found.
t">aner and rr»>ss<r. $40 foun4.
- C. R. HAXPEX & CO.. 423 Bush St.
ANDRE'S Office. S17 Stockton M. m ,
Butler, $45: grocm and milk 2 cows, private
place, country. $'i?>: stableman. French pre-
• ;>jrred. $25; porter for Falcon. $20: cook, near
, . 'lty. plain hotel, $50; dishwasher, same
-• place, $25: err.
COf'K and dishwasher, fame country hotel,
• £75. JLVDXUTS. 31" Stocktcn st.
. CARPET salesman. JM>.
liutlcr. ?50 and found.
"'horemau, $25 *nd found: janitor and engl-
' n«er. $3<» aad found; boys to learn trade, $4
." week an>l inrre^w; £wiss milker and wife.
- »K) aa3 found, and ctliers. J. F. CROSETT
•6.- CO . «i"S Sacramento «.
'AT CAL EMP. AGENCY, 14 Third St., near
<~a'.I b]&g.
IS *craper tram<-te:-«,.$l 75 day; n*ar city.
25 laborers, station work; near city.
'¦A— HOTtTL GA7.ETTE. !''• Montgomery, r. 12.
Maeseur for country. Mif end found.
, * - .
WANTED — Barkeeper; out of town; young
rf-'an V'Ttftrrr-d; $70 per month; day shift.
l*'*f hours: state age. nationality, single or
• married fcivi late employment: steady man
apply only; more wages if especially sult-
, able. Address K. hex 566, Call office. P. F.
A^ L L
. Men to learn the barber trade In two months
' mid secure rood positions; catalogue ar.d full
• information mailed free. MOLER System
• Ccllece. €.')5 Oay et.
¦WANTED — An engineer fcr fmall hotel who
*J:nrcugMy und<--r5tandK running hydraulic
.and 5= s> engine: wages $4t» and found; ref-
. .~»rer.ce. Ecx 500. Call of See.
"y>l'N*H n'pn nuiklMM copy letters home
•evnings; fit .VI week: srnd addressed enve-
'oi>«i tee r,srti.-u!are. Manager dent S 4. box
• 141 1. Phi!h.(i<ilp!;ia. Pa.
'^Ol'NG men viected cr hendy men; also
reujch oeriKmters. 3f»12 Larkin ft., Hyde-
street cars.
WANTED — A ti'st--. lass coff*e roaster who
" understands spice grinding. Box 5«4. Call.
• IRT our men - « «ho*£. union made, at $1 ani
• fl 50 per rstr. foot-fena shoes at $2 50, or
•" orthopedic shoes. $3 V>; be«t shoes en earth. 11
¦ TUird et.. Exam. bldg.. 5 doers from Market.
tARBERP — For sale, half interest in shop;
wholesale district; *-*fcy terms; good chance.
•FTOLTZ. TZi Market st.
f-CHAIR barber ehot> for sale; established 7
¦ years. Aj ply 2^2 Gough ft., near Fell.
MUSICIANS to jjin military band. 32& Bush
st.. third Socr. rccm 4.
CLCRK wanted, grocery: good wages paid.
F. G. Eickbnrst *r <""o.. Greenwich and Pierce.
"WANTED — Two f.ryt-c!ass carriage wood-
• ¦ workers. Apply ."i3'> Thirteenth st.
¦EAFiBKR war.ted; $1S a week. No. 6 Mar-
ket st.
BARBER wanted. No. 6 Stockton st.
•COATMAKER wanted. D056 Twenty-fourth
street.
XWO-CHAIR barber shop for eale; going
•iisy; $25. ±tt Bryant c^
TVHY pay big prices to have your' shoes half-
• .toled when you can gtt tt done for 25c, 50c
• arid •' •. while >ou wait at 563 Mission St.,
bet. 1st and 2d st*.. cr 11 Third st.
LOOKELNX'ERS— Foreman wanted: must be
• good manager and have sum* knowledge of
estimating; good i lave for right man. Ad-
ivrt. stating experience, general qu&lifica-
•' tiocs aad wage. B expected. Box 911. Call.
BOOKBINDER wanted— First-class b:ank book
forwarder; one familiar with plain printed
work: first-class wages and steady work for
live, steady man. F. MALLOl'E, 422 Sac-
ramento «i-
EJtPERIENCED business men and women de-
siring mercantile position with good earn-
• pnsstlon are requettea to rail on the Royal
Mercantile Co.. juite 19. Columbian building.
516 Market st.. or to 952 Broadway. Oakland.
TARRERS. take notice — The ofCce of secre-
tary and Free Employment Kureau has re-
moved to 0 City HaH rq.. or l'"4 Market St..
Journeymen Barber*' Union, Local 148. JOS.
Jl. BLEILY. Secretary.
TVANTED— An aii around bookbinder; one who
can co forwarding ar.d finishing on full
bounds. Apply EANBORN. VAIL & CO.. 741
Market «t-
WANTED — LaJxsrer* and mechanics to know
that Ed Rclkln, Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Den\ - er House,
217 Third tt. ; 25t> rooms: 25c to 50c per n!ght.
WANTED— By manufacturing house, perma-
nent £**istant for branch office; $18 paid
weekly: no capital: experience unnecessary.
Add. Branch Supt.. 324 Dearborn. Chicago.
WANTED — Book binder* and paper rulers for
oct cf ilty ; steady position; wages $1* per
"•'-I-:, no union men need apply. Address
box o*3, Ciil office. / .«
WANTED — M»n and women to learn the bar-
ber •-.*¦. wages paid while learning. Call
•r Krfdres* WESTERN CCLLEGR OF BAR-
BERS. 647 Commercial at.. San Francisco.
§3$ A MONTH and board: man to tend bar in
country huM; rr.urt have $230 cash. Owner.
Taylor Poatoffiee. Shasta County. C*>.
.GOVERNMENT positions— Call at rosm 14.
fifth .".oot. SC.'i Larkln it-, for- free information
• - '¦ ;¦*•:•:.. salaries, age limits, etc.; day
• or evenings. 4 -¦*.---
A'MAN of IndomlUible energy and push, a good
talker, eager to r.:ake money. F. PERSON.
• i''~ ar.d 478. Parrctt buIMlng^
. TliV o«r m«n's ehoe*, union made, at *1 and
SI 50 pair; fo^t-fcrm rhoes at $2 50; we pay
¦ •^iftt cr rcall ch^reea. 11 3d St.. Exam. bid.
GARSEXEU: man about place: steady, re-
l.able: Jiar./Jy with i>tock; milker: work in
_^«^«;p^Tence«. Box «TS. Cal! office.
100 TOUNG men of 18~yrars. with good char^
" *rT-',Vi or K 8n t*» military organization. Call
• —^1—1" . alft ":*a st.. between 6 and 8 V. m.
1ZIj — A flrsi-clajw carrUre blacksmith at
rn « '****¦ Ap P 1 * «> A. MEISTER & SONS
_ CO.. Sacramento. Cal.
r "5[S?*? ATTV- M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis St.; 14
i££» r <! , actl <-«: references from thousands of
„ J^^n^Jorji^oraJ^tve eecured penelons.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
: _:: — _ : — . «
A LAME DA REAL ESTATE.
FOR sale or to tent In Alameda. nice home: ;
desirable location. WM. F. WATTSON. 51l> ,
Mission st., room 31L ;
HOUSE and lot for sale; finest location In Ala-
meda: bargain. Call owners, 1724 Central |
ave..: no agents. ¦
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A— WHY remain In cold rooms when ;-ou can
get warm apartments at the Knickerbocker
Apartment*, 1340 Pine st.?
CASTRO. 423— Two large sunny front unfur-
nished rooms In modern flat; suitable for
light housekeeping: moderate. ,-. . '
CALIFORNIA. 1421—3 beautiful rooms; sunny;
private bath; garden; $30.
GEARY, 1002— Nicely furnished sunny rooms.
en suite or v single; housekeeping privileges;
running water: r.t*; reasonable.
HAIGHT. 003 — Large sunny front bay-window
room: kitchen, gas. bath, phone: $15. ' ,
HAIGHT, 1788 — Two unfurnished sunny rooms
and small kitchen; hath and phone.
HAVE 3 or 4 roems completely furnished for
housekeeping; orivat* residence: central;
rent reasonable. Box 742. Call.
HOWARD. 701B — 2 housekeeping rooms, one
front; gas, bath; $11. Call after 5 p. m.
HYDE. B14 — Elegant tunny front suite . for
housekeeping; grate, bath. Phone Hyde 930.
JESSIE, 823 — Newly furnished rooms, complete
for housekeeping; suite or single; reasonable.
LARKIN. 625>a — Sunny suite. 3 rooms, kitch-
en, hot and cold water, gas and coal stoves.
$20; also flne front room for housekeeping,
$15.
MCALLISTER. 53S — Sunny, furnished suite;
gas, range, hot bath, laundry; adults; $14.
MODEL House, 1206 Stockton— Newly furnished
hskpg., single rms., $5-$12; gas. bath, phone.
PEARL. 3. corner Market — 3 furnished house-
keeping rooms; $18; no children.
PEARL, 3, corner Market — Two furnished
housekeeping rooms: $12; no children.
POST, 603 — Front sunny suite; for housekeep-
ing: gas range, running water; $25 a month.
TURK, 324 — 4 N rooms, same as flat, modern,
$40; also 2 rooms. $15.
WEBSTER, 1125 — 3 nunny housekeeping
rooms, furnished: rent $15. .
APAIlTMEIfT^ HOUSES.
GLENDORE — New apartment* on Pine st.,
east of Van Ness ave.; 5 and 6 rooms each,
with batb. steam heat, elevator service, elec-
tric lights, gas stoves and hot water sup-
plied without extra cost: will be finished
with exceptional beauty and taste and are
noTr offered for rent unfurnished: tenants
ran rent direct from owner, who will manage
the building, now approaching completion;
open for inspectipn. HOOKER & LENT. 14
Post st. ,
MONTCLAIR APARTMENTS.
Cor. Pine and Taylor sts.: beautiful new mod-
ern apartments: all sunny corner suites; fur-
nished or unfurnished; marine view; phone Pr.
Exch. 443. LYON & HOAG. 116 Montgomery.
THE Lunger, 445 Hayes, cor. Octavla — Just
completed; sunny: modern 3-rm. apartments;
elegantly furnished: electric lights; private
baths; $40 up; refs.; also doctors' offices.
ST. CECILE. 115 Fell, above Van Ness— The
acme of perfection ' in e'.egantly furn. 3-room
apartments; private baths, steam heat, elec.
lights, elevator, gas ranges; $50 to $53.
ST. LOUIS, 1575 Jackson St.— Modern 3-4-5
rooms, also single; furnished or unfurnished;
marine view; now open; references.
AXTLERS. 415 Turk: modern housekeeping
apartments, 4 or 5 rms.. fur. cr unfur.
HADDOX HAL>L
951 EDDY ST.
APAgTJgEgTS WA3TTBP.
WANTED — A 3-rocm furnished apartment;
must be reasonable and central. Box <S3S.
Call office. - ¦ --^
Rm>MSjrojNEJT--Fa^^
AURORA, corner Second and FoLsom sts. — New
' house, new furniture; every , room outside:
modern and sunny; prices from $1 50 per
week up: this Is the only up-t-.-date house in
this vicinity; first-class grill attached.
A -BRUNSWICK House. 149 Sixth st.— Rooms
25c to $1 per night. $t 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
ABERDEEN. '836 Sutter — Just opened; hand-
somely fur.: cor. suites; bath: sun all day;
flne view; single rms.: tourists; excl. location.
AT "The Almonte," 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth St.— Rooms. 25c. 50c. $1. $1 50 night;
' $1 50 to $10 week; houee open all night.
BUSH, 912, near Jones — Private residence: 3
- exceptionally large connecting unfurnished
rooms; carpets: every modern convenience;
2 or 3 very handsome unfurnished rooms
(renovated;, ljath attached; references.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364^— Fur-
nished rooms, suite, single: also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, corner Mason — E'.egantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
CRYSTAL HOUSE. 9ti7 Sutter St.— Elegant
roojrs; board If wanted: reas. respectability.
EDDY, 7C3 — Splendid view of Van Ness ave.;
an apartment and single rooms; mcriern flat.
FRANKLIN, 502. cor. Fulton — Large sunny
.front room: double bed: toilet and bath; con-
venient; hot and cold water. •*'
FREDERICK, 557— Nicely furnished rooms;
good Park view and best conveniences.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — .Rooms 35c
to $1 25 night; $1 50 to $6 wk. : reading-room.
JESSIE, 363. east of U. S. Mint— Furnished
rooms: $« per month.
JONES, 919, near Bush — A very desirable fur-
nished room: all conveniences.
MARKET, 1032 — Nice, sunny front rooms/also
housekeeping rooms; reasonable.
MCALLISTER. 7tt> — Weir furnished front par-
lor; suitable for ladles or gentleman; rea-
sonabla
MISSION. S37A— Fine single rooms, with run-
nlng water: closet: $1 50 week and up.
MISSION. 862V4 — Nicely furnished housekeep-
ing rooms. • • '
MISSION. 1514. near . Eleventh— Comfortable
room for 1 or 2 persons; private house-; $1 50
per week. ¦ ¦ ¦
O'FARRELL. 623 — Nicely furnished sunny
room; grate: light housekeeping if desired.
PINE. 2830. n»ar Baker— Furnished large front
rooms; also cne small room.
ROYAL House, 12R Ellis— Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor: rooms per night, 35c to $1 50; week, $2
to $8: month. $S to- $30; elevator on ground
floor: rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
ST. JAMES. McAllister and Laguna — A sunny
furntshed single room; rent $7. .
SUTTER, 1022*^. near Hyde — Two large sunny
parlors & kitchen or laboratory: gas grate.etc
TAYLOR, 624. corner Sutter — Sunny front
rooms; rent reasonable.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market — 100
rooms, 35c to $1 night. $1 75 to $(i week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water in every
, room; elevator, read.-room; free bus;baggage.
VAN NESS ave.. 510 — Elegant front parlors "and
adjoining suite for office or club.
WASH1MGTON. 1402— Large sunny front room
and bath: with or without board.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. near Market-
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
ST>c to $1 CO night; $2 to $S week: elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggaga.
WOLF House. 202 Sixth— Electric* light in
every room, rooms frtrn 13c to $1 per night.
75c to $5 per week; open all nisht.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan 9c. Church sts.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH clflce of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
¦opened at 1008 Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open nntll 11 p. m. - ¦ '
ROOMS ANDnOARD.
~~> uatton
_ 977 Pine. nr. Taylor; elegantly furnished
' suites; private baths; all modern coavtn-
. lences; excellent table.
THE WALLACE. 844 Van Ness ave.. cor.
O'Farrell st. — Room and board $25 per
month: house under new management.
MCALLISTER. 7S1— Nicely furnished rooms.
with board; gents only.
POST.. 1114. near Van Nes»— Sunny 'rooms; ex-
¦ cellent board; ttrma reasonable: reference*.
THE NIARA. 815 ' Taylor— Nicety furnished,
siinny suites; also single; excellent table. .
ROOM and board, modern conveniences, for a
Cent.; private family. 1221 Golden Gate ave. ,
REAL ESTATE— CITY—-FOR SALE.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
25 POST ST.
$10,000— First, near Howard; lot 23:0x137 :«;
fiplendld site for new building; present
old frame improvements renU for $63
per month.
$16.500— Washington St., near* Walnut: new
buildings of - separate flats; splendid
marine view;' rents $150 per month.
$11,000 — Howard st.. near 1st: lot 25x85; store
and 2 floors above; rents $82 50.
$10.000— Corner Pacific and Mason sts.: 2-story
frame building; store and rooms above;
lot 4Sx"5.
$4,000— Tremont ave.. near Frederick St.; 1
block from Haisht-st. cars; new 2-story
residence of 6 rooms and bath, just
completed. - -
$6,500— Clay St.. near Mason: lot' 33x58 to rear
street; 2 frame buU dines; rents $430 per
annum; subject to 'approval of Superior
Court. •
$S,COO— Oak rf.. r.ear Cole, facing Golden Gate
Park: new building o' 2 flats, containing
16 rooms and 2 b»th*: renU low at $65
• .'. per month; lot 25x137:6.
$17,600— Washington et.. north line, near Lar-
kln: large lot, 45x127; 2 bulldlnrs; rent
1112 60.
$6.250— Rents $50: L»av«nworth-st. comer;
store and a flat above.
$3,600— Pacific St.. near Mason: 2 flats of 4
and 5 rooms each; rent $2S. . •
$5,000— Castro St.. near 19th; business prop-
erty; store and flat above; rents $37 50;
' lot* 25x125.
$2.500 — Choice building lots fronting on Fell.
Hayes and Broderlck sts.: all level and
ready for building: 25xl37:« each.
CHEAPEST and Choicest Home Bultdlng Lots
on official grade* In Sunset District
..... REWERED and MACADAMIZED
between H and I streets
....In blocks fronting Golden Gate Park....
......ELECTRIC CARS PA8S THESE
.PROPERTIES
Sold on your own terms and
.- monthly Installments
Price $825 and upward
....See these building sites and Judge for....
yourself
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 25 Post st
...Branch office, corner H st. and 7th ave...
.. Open every day. Including Sundays
$1200 — Bargain; cottage of 3 rooms: large lot.
25x120; garden, etc.; flne view; 10th ave.;
Sunset District; near park and car line:
see property to-day. Call at our branch
office for particulars, cor. 7th ave. and H
st. Open Sunday. BALDWIN & IIOW-
ELL. 25 Post st. .
W. J. GUNN.
530 CALIFORNIA ST.
(Savings Union Building.)
$1800— Union et.. near Broderlck: sunny side;
cheap; lot 25x100; grand marine view;
ready for building; $250 first payment;
$40. per month; flne Improvements to go
up on adjoining lot Just sold.
$2100 — Corner on Filbert: 25x100: opposite cor-
ner just sold for $2450: same size; very
cheap, cars pass on Union St.; a flne
buy.
$6500 — Two very cheap flats: Larkln; flne
marine view; blK frontage, 41:6; 7 rooms;
bathroom in each; a great bargain.
$3S50— NW cor. Lak? st. and Fifth ave.;
27:0x100; a splendid corner for a gro-
cery; be sure to examine this choice cor-
ner; Sacramento st. cars pass every few
minutes.
$10,000 — lOCxllO; choice Webster st. corner; a
flne buy; cars nasp.
$0000— NW cor.: 137:6x137:6; Western Addi-
tion; fine: marine view; very cheaa.
$9500 — 2 corner flats (new) with grand
marine view; both. leased; rents always
paid by checks in advance; occupied by
merchants; a flne buy.
$1900 — 2 choice lots on E line of Eleventh ave-
nue. 100 feet N of Clement street; 50x120;
elevated ground, and being close to Cle-
ment street, have the marine view.
Offers are asked for any of these properties
and will be considered.
W. J. GUNN. 530 California st.
CALIFORNIA House Wrecking Co. pays the.
highest price for buildings and will wreck
the largest building completely within 10
days. Northwest corner Mission and Tenth
sts.. office and "yard."
TWO flne level lots, "ready to build on; Porter
St., 70 feet below Crescent ave.. about two
blocks from Mts5lon at. cars. Apply No, 1J
Porter str " ' \ ' •"' ' ' *~
LOTS in the Mission for $150 each on easy
terms: 2 blocks from cars. D. COFFIN &
CO.. 3303 Ml.'slon it. .
BUILD on your unimproved realty: we loan
full cost Improv, and part lot at 6 per cent.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building.
LOTS, N or S side of Golden Gate Park, pur-
chased by W. J. GUNN. K50 California st.
DO area *i<" » r.'.ss bathrocm? Call on AHL-
BACH & MAYER. Plumbers. 836 Howard st.
REAL ESTATE — Country for Sal*.
FOR sale — Ranch of 74 acres; good house and
outbuildings; partly to fruit; near S. P. sta-
tion' Aptos. Santa Cruz County. Cal.: price
$5CC0; also other lands for sale. For partic-
ulars addrers Postmaster. Moss, Cal.
$10 A MONTH buys a 10-acre farm.
$200 profit per annum per acre.
Write for booklet. It's free. 603 J st.
WRIGHT & KIMBROUGH. Sacramento, Cal.
SANTA CLARA COUNTY PROPERTIES.
Orchards, grain, stock, alfalfa and poultry
farms for sale and exchange.
PETERSEN REALTY CO.. 1038 Market st.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards; Inspected bargains: monthly cata-
logues «ent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 64S
Market st.
POINT RICHMOND REAL ESTATE.
4 LOTS cheap for cash. 32S Bush St.. room
-' 4,'. third floor,.
WATER front lots and bargains: all tracts;
maps, photos, etc. BELL. 417 Parrott bldg.
REAL ESTATE WANTED.
WANTED — To buy a two or three-story house.
Inquire 1620 Laguna st.
, SPECIAL NOTICES.
Ladles! Chlchester*s English Pennyroyal Pills
are best: safe, reliable; take no other. Send 4a
stamps for particulars. "Relief for Ladles"
in letter by return malt. Ask your drugztst.
Chichestor Chemical Co.. Philadelphia. Pa.
BERKELEY AD VERT'S' M'NTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
J. J. MASON. REAL ESTATE AGENT. COR.
SHATTUCK AVE. AND CENTER ST.. ¦ SE-
LECTS THE FOLLOWING FROM HIS
LARGE LIST OF CHOICE PROPERTY
AND INVITES INSPECTION:
For rent, an elegant, well-appointed house
of 10 rooms In the heart of the west por-
tion of the town; rent $60.
FOR RENT— IN A GOOD NEIGHBOR-
HOOD. HOUSE OF 10 ROOMS AND BATH;
WILL RENT TO A RESPONSIBLE TEN-
ANT FOR $Z0. .'
A FEW BARGAINS.
$1250 — 1-room cottage; half block of car line;
three blocks of utatlon; street • work all
done; $200 cash, balance $15 per month,
v including Interest at 8 per cent.
¦ * ' Here Is a chance that everybody has
been looking for — a lot In the warm -belt
.of the foothills; T/e have opened up a
email tract; lots only $700 each; come
and Inspect them: easy terms.
. ' MORAN & SWAIN.
2131 Shattuck ave.. opposite Berkeley station.
,' (Successors to L. J. Moran & Co.)
BARGAINS— We buy, sell, exchange or build
MURDOCH & CO.. Lorln Station. Berkeley.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BBO AD WAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
(SOO cash, $12 monthly: cottage of C rooms and
batb. wasn tubs. etc.. nice basement. gocO
barn. - chicken house, run, etc ; 8 lots, 2OUs
100: • all tenced and on corner of graded
streets; land all set in small berry fruits ol
ran Imported quality; candy loam soil; no
"irrigation 'needed; away from fogs and
winds: near a flne 3-story grammar school;
"an ideal home. near, the foothills; short dis-
tance to mainline of cars; adjoining - East
Oakland; place settling up rapidly; price In
. all, $2500: call, or send for circular. 451
.' Seventh ." st .V opp. ; Broadway station. Oak-
land;, carriage free. -H. Z. JONES, owner.
A SPECIAL bargain — A fine 7-room cottage,
near "the Key u route; lot : 50x127;. all: sticet
"work done: easy, terms; only $2750. Also a
* " flne * 4-rooni > cottage, "with bath, etc., onli
$1050 • P.~C. LASSEN & CO.. 4j6 Tenth »t. t
Cal. . ¦ . -
.'"OAKLAND FURNITURE KOU SAI.U.
TOOJORROW the : day for bargains In f urnl-
ture, II. Scbeilbaas.llth st.,cor.store, Oakland,
PERSONALS.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray' hair, 1m- .
proves iiS growth, stop* falling. cures dandruff
and itching scalp: no stain or stickiness;
cleanses -scalp: at druggists',- hairdressers';
accept no substitute. Star Remedy Co.. 133S
Polk st. ¦ -:
GRADUATES of tfew York School of Massage.
Osteopathy vapor and electric baths; face
vibrating machine for rheumatism; genuine
tubs, hot and cold water; trained nurses as
attendants. Prof, and Mrs. Morris. 406 Geary.
WANTED — Address of two men named Drohan,
who were as far East as New York a few
years aso and returned to California. Ad-
dress THOMAS DROHAN, Brockton, Mass.
. — — t
NOT how cheap but how good is the motto of
the manufacturers of the Rapid Rotary
Standard the sewing-machine of to-day. J.
\V. EVANS, agent. 1021 Market St. . ¦ -
PHYSICIAN. l. r » years' experience, cures per-
manently morphine, cocaine habit. Call or
address Central Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave.,
corner Sutter st.: fee moderate.
SPECIAL OFFER for I mo. ; ladles' suits mads
to order: flm- class -work: $10: with material
/ furnished $20 up. At M. WILSON. 380 Geary.
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drug dis-
eases positively cured by Willow Bark Co..
18.13 Polk st. : consultation free; call or write..
LIQUOR bablt cured In 2 days or no charges:
guaranteed. Acme Liquor Cure Co.. 897 Mar-
ket St.. room 203; phone South 751. .
AT Ie«3 than cost, uncalled for suits, overcoats,
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor. 7^1 Market st.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday. Sun-
day evgs. Teutonla Hall. Howard st., near
9th; Prof.' Foster: society dancing taught.
UPHOLSTERING: furniture cleaned and var-
nlsbed. UPHOLSTERER. HlVj Minna St. •
MRS. Eaten, electric needle specialist. 3«9 Sut-
ter. r. 609. Miss Eaton. 233 Geary, room 38."
SUPERFLUOUS hair, moles perm, removed
by electrolysis. Mrs. L. B. Johnson. 139 Post.
Bon Marche Pants Co.; special S5 pants to or-
der. Rooms 14 & 16. 40 Ellis. Tel. Drumm 44.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
trlc nerdle. Dr. & Mrs.Traverse, 1170 Market
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pan7s~$2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color: $1; at all druggists'.
A BRANCH ©fie* of The Call for the reception
of adven lsements and subscriptions has been
opened «t IOCS Market St.. oppostt* Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
PAL3IISTIVY.
MME. DEVAS, scientific palmist and astrolo-
gl?t: palm readings ?1; 3 questions by ex-
preps Jl; open Tuesday evg. also. i:&0 Post st.
MME. NEERGAHD. located at 242 Post; hours
1 to S daily. Phone James 1. Classes.
JT. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 515
Taylor yt.. near Geary. Phone Black 661.
rAPER HANGING. PAINTING. ETC.
ROOMS papered, *4 up: tinting. painting,
Hartmar.n Paint Co.. 319 Third; tel. Main 413.
PATENTS WAITTSP.
WHAT have you to offer in this line for sale?
Box S6.1. Call office.
1'HYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL — Office and residence.
1021 Market St.. bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073H Market st.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body: for
past four years at 115-117 Mason: now lo-
cated at 6ttT Geary st.. near Leavenworth.
DR. TONG PO CHY. successor to Dr. LI Po
Tal. herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by u.-« of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
DR. M. MATSUtJA^has returned from Orient.
Now at SE. corner Geary and Taylor sts.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor — All dls-
' eases cured by Chinese herbs. -746-S Clay gt.
storage: and warehouses.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored' moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard St., nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
floe Post and Powell fit*. ; tel. Prlv. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'S storages-Furniture and merchan-
dise. -3UTJ Golden Gate ave.; phone East 126.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made; 840
Mission St.; tel. Howard »41. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore st. ; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
st.; tfl. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates.
SKWIKO MACHINES AND SUPPLIES
NEW HOME — See our new triple-feed ma-
chines: allghtly used; $10, $15. $20; second-
hand. $3. $5, $.8; all styles; guaranteed. New
Home Sewing Machine Co., 1051 Market st.
$10 50 — NEW Improved drop-head ntckel-flnlsh.
guaranteed 10 yrs.: 2d-hand sewing machines
$2 50. *3. S4. 145 6th St.: tel. Jessie 3136.
~~ PROPOSALS.
UNIVERSITY of California, Berkeley— Notice
to Contractors, Builders and Material Men:
Notice Is hereby given that sealed bids are ,
solicited for performing the labor and fur-
nishing the materials for the excavation and
' foundation of the central power-house on the
grounds! of the University of California at
Berkeley, Cal., and said bids will be received
at the office of the Regents, South Hall.
Berkeley, at or before 12 o'clock M. of Feb-
ruary 3, 1904. Plans and specifications for
eaid excavation and foundations have been
adopted and may be examined daily at office
of the Regents from U a. ra. until 4 p. m.
Nd bids will be considered unless accompa-
nied by a certified check or bond of bidder.
In favor of the Regents of the University of
California, equal to ten (10) per cent of his
bid with sufficient sureties, conditioned that,
if said bid be accepted, the bidder will duly
enter Into a proper contract to faithfully
perform the duty and obligations in accord-
ance with wild bid and with the plans and
specifications which are hereby required to b«
a part of such contract. The right to reject
any and all bids Is hereby reserveii. By or-
der ot the committee on grounds and build-
ings of the Board of Regents. V. H. HES-
PERSON, Acting Secretary. -
UNIVERSITY of California. Berkeley — Notic«
to Contractors. Builders nnd Material Men —
Notice is hereby given that sealed bids are
solicited for performing the labor and fur-
nishing the materials for the structural steel
and Iron work of California Hall on the
grounds of the University of California at
Berkeley. Cal., and eaid bids will be re-
ceived at the office of the Regents, Souta
Hall. Berkeley, at cr before 12 o'clock m. of
February .10, 1004. Plans nnd specification*
of said structural steel and Iron work have
been adopted and may be examined dally ac
office of th* Regents from 9 a. m. until 4
p m.
No bids will be considered unless accom-
panied by a certified check or bond of bidder
In favor of the Regents of the University of
California, equal - to ten (13) per cent of his
bid with sufflclent sureties, conditioned that,
if raid bid be accepted, the bidder will duly
enter Into a. proper contract to faithfully
perform the nuty and obligations In accord-
ance with said bid and with the plans and
specification* which ar« hereby required to
be a part of such contract. The right to re-
ject any and all bids la hereby reserved.
By order of the Committee on Grounds and
Buildings of the Board of Regents. V. H.
HENDERSON. Recrttary.
BIDS will be received until February 15, 1904
for the drilling of an oil well within 5 miles
of Evanston. Wyo.: plenty of water near by;
coal can be put at the^: -ell at (rom $3 to $-1 50
per ton: the contractors to furnish everything
and must" prosecute the work diligently day
and night until completed. Bidders wlil
make separate bids at so much per foot to
¦Rink 1000 feet, 1000 feet and 2000 feet d?ep:
the size of the hole to be net less than fi',4
inches .at the bottom I on completion. Tlia
rfght »s* reserved to reject any and alt bids
if the price is excessive. : For further par-
ticulars write or call on the undersigned or
FRANK M. FOOTE."~Evan»ton. Wyoming.
W. • D.^ SANBORN/ trustee. 631 Market »t. /
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal.. Jan. 25. 1004—
Sealed proposals. In triplicate, will be re-
ceived here until 11 o'clock a.m.. February
25, 11)04, and then opened for construction of
a brick hospital (including, plumbing, gas
• piping. and beating) at Fort McDowell, ' Cal.'
. Government reserves the. right to reject or
accept any. or all bids in whole or in part.'
Information furnished on application to WM.
6., PATTEN. Assistant Quartermaster Gen-
. eral. Chief Q. M. . . ¦
SAN FRAN'CISCO. Cal.. January 23. 1004—
Sealed proposals.: In' triplicate, will be re-
•ceive'd here, until 11.' o'clock a. m.. ' February
« 23 •• 1904. and then opened, for construction
'-. of frame lavatory." including plumbing, at
- Fort Mason. Cal. Government- reserves the
rjght. to. reject or accept any or all bids In
r whole or In part. Information furnished on
application to WM, S, -. PATTEN. Assistant
Quartermaster General, Chief Q. M. .
ROOMS A.\O BOARD- — Contlnned.
SUTTER. 21 48 — Private, sunny, running water;
good board; all new; free phone. West 8«9.
HOTEL ELSMERE. 413 Sutter— Sunny rooms; ,
excellent tat!?; from $40; single $25. .
NEWPORT. 101S Pine, near Taylor— Larg* sua-
r.y suites: also single room; »ssellent tab!*.
I Stevenson rransjon. 807 California — Fln« rooms;
I new chefs; colored service: tabl* specialty.
O'FARRELL. 3C8 — Forni3hed rooms: horn*
cooking: German family; $8 per week.
POWELL. 5C2. cor. Sutter— Large sunny corner
' room for 2, terms reasonable; also single rm.
MANHEIM. CS2 Sutt»r— Sunny front roww;
strictly first class: transient.
ROOMS i AM> It U A I1O WANTED.
j YOUNG lady wishes room and br>anl in refined
family; state terms. Box 525 Call office.
TYPEWRITERS AAD SCPPLIE9.
i A>) exceptionally g<x«l No. 2 Remington. No. 1
Pmllh Premier. $2T>; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices: rentals $2 5O. Th»
. Typewriter Exchange. XIB Califcrnia st.
A FEW good typewriters at *>O each: get par-
ticulars nf L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gomery st.
A typewriter at any price; agents Fay-ShoW,
$1OO; Pun. $40: Commercial. $.»V Postal. $23.
CUNNINGHAM. CtTRXISS * WELCH.
2D-HAXI) typewriters oold. rented. r»p«lr»<1.
Wetwter Typewriting Inspec. Co.. 5ftt Market.
STCTTF.RIXG AND STAMMEuIXC.
MELBOURNE ScbjoJ, Van Ness Market— Cur*
In every case; Individual teaching: no medi-
cine. Inquire into, wonderful cures: home cure.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
THE Phoenix, Savings. Building and Loan As-
sociation. 516 California st.. San Francisco,
has declared a dividend for tha six months
ending December 20. 180G. at the annual ratsi
of !» per cent on general capital stock. 6 per
¦cent on term certificates and 4"-j per.ceiu oa
ravines accounts, the latter being withdraw-
able upen the same general terms and condi-
tions as are usual with savings banks.
The Phoenix has a paid In capital of $1,.
000,000 and a reserve fund and surplus of
$210, CCO. Its directors are: A. A. Watklns.
j. resident: Charles R. Bishop, vice president;
8. Prentlss Smith. treasurer: Clarenc*
Grange, secretary and managing director;
Gavin ilcNnh. attorney; Ctarles E. LaJd and
George C. Bcardman. «
BAN FRANCISCO and Suburban Horn* Bu!ld«
Ing Scciety. 5th floor. Mutual Savings Bac*
building. "OS Market st.. opposite Third—
For the half-year ending 31st ot December.
1903. a dividend has been declared at th«
rate per annum of (12) twalva par cent oa
capital stock and participating certificates.
free of taxes, payable on and after SATUR-
DAY January 2. 1904. JOSEPH A. LEON-
ARD. Manager HUGH r-R A lO s-^-.»«^
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
££n^trTl~p^Hf7c~^^
first refunding mortgage bonds—
Notice U hereby given that, pursuant to th<»
provision of Article Eight of the mortsui
from this Company to the Central Trust Com.
pany of New York. Trustee, dated August I.
1^90, this Company has set apart out of t! a
net Income derived by It from the lines of
railroad therein mortscged th» sum of Twen-
ty-five thousand dollars in trust to Oe u.«»tl
to redeem «aid bonds, and that bonds issued
under said mortgage will be redeemed there-
with and bids are hereby Invited for the sur-
render ct such bonds at prices to be named by
the bidders, to the amount requisite to ex-
haust said suit.. Such blda should be ore-
sented to this Company at its office. iCO
Broadway, in the City of New York, on or
before the lit day of February, 1904, at
twelve o'clcck noon, and should be indot»el
••Blda for Surrender of Central Pacific Rail-
way Company First Refunding Bonds."
CENTRAL PACIFIC P.AILWAY COMPANY.
By E. H. HARRIMAN. Presldeat.
. New York. January 2. 1904. «
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marrlasre licenses were isaueii
yesterday:
William Brown. 40. Ml Shrader utreet. and
Catherine F. R3b»rts?n. ?,n. « P.lvola avenue.
John Homer, -'K>. 718 Valencia str?et, ani
Elltabeth Heroid. 35. city.
John P. Rlcrdan. 2a. :«209 Sixteenth street,
and tmelte C. Scha-fer. -1. 22i"» Sixteenth st.
MarsiMo Vonnl. 3». S Prescott court, and
Glnlla P. Sandillo. 21. S Prescott court. ..
George A. Sor'nson. 5*1. 804 O'Farrell streef,
and Ermlna B. Montgomery. 50. 834 O'Farrell.
George Cornett. 23. 21 Taylor street, and
Fanny Lairaud. 21. 230 v, Taylor street.
Jacob H!r«?*. 24. Sacramento", and Ruth
Solomon. 1». citv. '._ ; „.,
Addis**! M. Durham. 33. Bruce, Vila., and
Maude M. Shipley. 23, Bruce. Wts.
Edward J. Nolan, 24. 1540 Eddy atreet. and
Adeline W. Palmer, IS. 53S Turk street.
Jean Errecaed. 3S. 1540 Bush, street, and
Marie Pucchue, 24, 1340 Bush street.
Leo Set. 42, Demlng. N. Mex., and Wong
Good. IS, 718 Commercial street. .-;,' T
EIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHa
' Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must b« handed
in at e't»>er of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the evjnt an? published once In this columa
free of charge.
BORN".
STUART — In Oakland. January 25. 1904. to
the wife of A. W. gtuart inee Salisbury), a
daughter.
MARRIED.
ELY— THURSTON— In this city, January 24.
1004 by the Rev. G. A. Bernthal. James W.
Ely of Winters. Cal., and E. E3te'.le Thurs-
toii -ji Stockton. Cal.
DIED.
AUrn. Merton C. Merrill. James T.
-Anderson. Ola P. Monahan. Patrick
-"Armstrong. Marv Morrts. Thomas
Black. Emella W. F. Mun<1. Rose
Bond. Jamen E. O'Brien. Her.ry
Brookes. Edwin L. O'Hanlon. Klizab«t!»
'Cain. Joseph Parker. Forbes
Davidson. Archibald Powers. Edmund
Fish. Gatus H. Poweis. Eugene J\
Goea. Elizabeth Reagan. Jane E.
Hanling. Mrs. T. Rourkc. Bridget
Hoffman. Elizabeth Ryan. Hannah
Holsworth. Harry . Sohnier, Henry L.
Hurley. John J. Srhultz. Johanna : H.
Johnson. l.avenla M. Smith. James S.
Kervan. Thomai L. Strlble. Henry. E.
Kfsaler. Mra.. M Tevlln. Julia .
Kierulff. Thomas N. Tiernev. Anthony
Long, Thomas J. I Van Bibber. Mrs E.
¦ Lyons. Charles Wimken, Catherine
Marvin. William W. "<•¦>•"
ALLEN — In this city. January 24. 1004. Mer-
ton C. beloved husband of Lillie Allen,
father of Clifford. Chesley and Alfred Alien,
son of George F. and Angle. W. Allen, and
brother of. Mrs E. R. Marble of Napa, Cal..
a native of San Francisco, aged 22 years S
months and 13 days.
CT Funeral services will be held Tuesday
. at 2 o'clock, al the funeral parlors of
Bunker & Lunt 26C6 Mission street.- between
Twenty-second ' and Twenty-third (Mission
Masonic Temple), under the auspices of
Golden Gate. Camp. No. 64. W. of W. la-
torment Petaluma. Cal.
MEMBERS of the Eear Club of California ar«
requested to attetvi the funeral service* ot
our late lamented member. Merton C. Allen.
OSCAR A. TOLLE. President.
GEORGE D. O'NEIL. Secretary.
ANDERSON— In thla city. fJanuary 24. 1D04.
Ola Peter Anderson, dearly beloved husbanJ
of Emma Anderson, and beloved father of
George Anderson nnd Mrs. Henry Beckman
and tn» late TlUle, Amanda and Th«r»sa
Andeisan, a native of Sweden, aged 3U years
' 0 month* and 5 days. A member of South
San Francisco Lodxe No. 45. K. of P. -
t^Frl^nAn and acquaintances are respect-
; fully invited to attend the funeral tr>-morrovr
; | Wednesday), at 12:00 o'clock, from his lat*»
residence 1C46 Kleventli avenue south, thenc*
to Masonic Hall, corner Fourteenth and
1 Railroad avenue? south, where funeral ser-
vices will be held under the aimoices of
South S»n Franclnco Lodge No. 45. K. of P..
1 commencing, at I o'clock. Interment ty-
' pre?s .Lawn Cemetery.
; ARMSTRONG— In thia city. January 21, IW».
¦ Mary, dearly beloved wife of the late James
Armstrong, and mother of J. F. and Etta
Armstrong. Mm. F. Mal> and Mrs. J. J.
i Regan. « natlv» of Providence, II. I., aged
: CO years. =*£JS3
CTFrien«ir an«l acquaintances are resp'ct-
fully invited to attend, the funeral to-day
I- (Tuesday), at Si'M o'clock, from her lata
reaMence. 670 Hampshire street, thenc* to
the Church of St. Charles Borromeo. where
a renulem irt*h ma3» will be celebrated for
I O?e reiJOse of her soul, commencing at »
o'clock. - Interment Holy Crors Cemetery.
BLACK — In-this city. January 25. 1UO4. Eme-
Ila W. F.. dearly beloved wife of William.
Foster B!arfe, mother of Isabel. Foster
r Black, beloved daughter of Mr. and Mrs.
Contlnned on Page Twelve.
F. ; J. MONAHAN. Manager. Tel. Mlsslcn 31.
MONAHAN, O'HARA & CO.
. FUNERAL DIRECTORS AJN'D EMBALMER3,
2UJ9-'J341 Mission st.. near Nine toe nU,
San FrancUco. »^J
miscellaneous for ?_ al J b :t95 > _?;
A WHITK automobile. 1011 Sutter st.
FOR sale — Three Berlin coaches, new. and up-
to-date. Call or address J. W. RICKLEY,
__224 San Pablo ave., Oakland. ,__
A FINE selection of trunks, suit cages and
tailor-made putts sold on small weekly pay-
ments. Mlnflt Clothing Pariors. 25 Stockton.
TYPEWRITERS, slightly used, sold at cost;
new Underwood visible typewriter catalog
sent free. R. E. Revalk A Co., San Francisco.
ALTERATION sale— Best $2~«b hats. Jl 50.
Popular Price, Hatter. 330 Kearny st.. near
Pine; open to 9 p. m. ; Sundays to noon.
TRY our mer/s shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-form shoe* at $2 GO; we pay express
charges. . 11 3d at.. Exam, bid.: catalog free..
EVERYTHING In machinery or merchandise.
Trade catalogue free library. The Crossley
bldg., 85 New Montgomery, next Grand Hotel.
;S' 5 r ROLL an<I up; flne wall paper; samples
mailed; painting, tinting, papering. M. MER-
IGAN. 1302 Webcter. Tel. Jackson 1321.
THREE-QUARTER spring mattress. $2 5oV
good as new; two hanging lamps. 1674
Mission Rt
FOR sale — Baby carriage. 1350 Jackson st.
NATIONAL cash register; good as new; cheap.
S01 Turk at. __^
$20; NEW style Singer sewing machine, drop
head: also. Domestic. 1915 Mission, nr. 16th.
DISTILLATE, a gasoline engine; 4-horse
power. $85. H. M. NEWELL. Palo Alto.
BAILING ark for fishing and hunting. 32S
Bush St.. third floor, room 4.
MILKS of oir>e and fittings: all sizes. EU-
GENE RILEY & SONS. 109 Vallejo St.
SAFES and cash registers, new and second-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1320 Market st.
SOME good second-hand gasoline engines. 1 to
12 h. p.. cheap. E. B. Beck A Cq.. 122 Mkt.
SLOT machines cheap: Chlcagoea, Twentieth
Centurie.-. Pucks. BACIOALUPI, 933 Market.
DESKS and safes; see the complete line at 1816
Market, ab. Var. Ness. RICHARDSON BROS.
SAFES— New and ' Second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery et.
NEW and second-hand machinery of all kinds.
KROGH MFG. Co.. 519 Market at.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Dullard & Breck. 131 Post St.
SAFES— New and «econd-hand. E. B. BECK
& CO., 122 Market St. .
Edison phonographs, record*, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. Baclgalupl. 033 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches:
all sizes. J. E. DOAK, 46 Fremont St.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters; all
.makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Dunc»n & Church sts.
, A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1C0S Market st., enposite Fifth.
Open until 11 n. m.
WAXTS.
WANTED — Horse or two ninety days for their
keep: returned in good condition. Answer
323 Parrott bide.
NEW Vosu piano, colonial style; offers wanted.
G25 Larkin st.
WANT to buy 60 pouches; second hand. 1315
Stockton st.
I PAY highest prices for all kinds of cast-off
clothing; send postal. MORRIS, S70 Folsom.
BOOKS and libraries bought. H. C. HOLMES.
114U Market St.; phone Jessie 3741. or postal.
TILTON w*nts good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 Oth st.; tel. Jessie 2S51.
MOXEY TO LOAA.
AAA^HERMAN UuRPH ¥T~
601-602-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointment.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided., later-
efts, assignments of rents, property. In trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
WILL LOAN
A rearonable amount oa
1st. 2d or 3d ' •
Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels, in city, town
or country-
Low rate of interest.
Give full particulars
of property or chattels.
Location, etc.
Box 408. Call office.
MONEY loanel to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding houses, without
security; easy payments: largest business In
46 principal cities. Tolman, 553 Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at 2
per cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
846 Market; tel. Main 1C44. Branch, 19 Third.
A — 1 per cent on furniture or piano; no remov-
al, no commission, no publicity: $25 up; quick,
private, confidential. 26 Montgomery, rm. 7.
MONEY to loan on low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant ave..
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10.000.
NEW easy method — To wage-earners on unln-
dorsed notes: absolute privacy. Fidelity Loan
Company, rooms 4S-49. Chronicle bldg.
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture; Indorsed notes and other security. S. F.
S Discount Agency, 143 Phelan building.
AT lowest rater on furniture and pianos; strict
privacy; no commfsston;lnstallments accepted.
BONELLI. .".01 Eddy. Conservatory building.
ANY sum on furniture or pianos; no removal;
lowest rate; easy payments: no commission.
1170 Market fct.. room 68.
MONEY loaned; reasonable rates. NORTON
CO.. 708 Market st.. room 207.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 538 Kearny.
3 fr ON furniture & pianos; $15 up: no removal;
no com. V. TRE?IAIN. room SI. « Eddy st.
1 PER cent on furniture or piano. 1003 Mu-
tual Savings Bank bldg.. 70S Market st
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes. R.311, Mutual Sav. Bk.b!d.
CASH loaned salaried people en notes without
Indorger. MORELL. 609 Examiner building.
MJJSJiaA^jrXJTjFtDMB^iTS^
ALL UPRIGHTS.
Kimball. fancy walnut $30
Collard $37
St tin way .- .$50
Henry Hertr $7S
Occidental $82
J. A C. Fischer $99
3 Emerson*, walnut, rosewood, mahog-
any, same as new, each $187
Colby, cannot be told from new $235
Chlckerlng $187
2 Stclnways. large and small slse. al-
most new , $1Q5-$.T!3
Heine. $475 style, slightly used $285
And 200 others..
All pianos sold are guaranteed not to be de-
fective Examine this list. ~<Ve have never
had such a great variety at so low a price.
RenU. $2 up; installments. $4 up. HEINE
PIANO CO.. 235-237 Geary st.
A FINE lot of bargains In second-hand piano*.
Including such makes as Stelnway. Haines
Brcs.. Knabe, Bzus. Foster, Weber, Star,
Marshall & Wendell, Sterling and other
makes. BKNJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Far.
rell st.; no branches In San Francisco.
A FEW unredeemed storage pianos (also fur-
niture) will be sold to pay storage dirt cheap.
WHITEHEAD'S «torage. 1036 Market at.
NEW pianos sold on $5 monthly payments.
JOS. SCHMITK A CO.. 16 McAllister st.
REGINA music box for sale, cheap. Corner of
Thirteenth and Market sts.
A -FISCHER upright piano for sale; good as
new; $136. - 237 Geary at. '
$63 — UPRIGHT piano; Steck mahogany; nearly
new. HORNUNO BROS.. 216 McAllister St.
BEAUTIFUL 3-pedal Stelnway upright piano;
perfect order; sacrifice. Keeff«'s,2S5 O'Farrell.
EOHMER. Byron Maucy pianos. Ceclllan piano
player. BYRON MA UZY. 308-312 Post st.
SUPERIOR violins zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents—The Wetkly Call,
Ifl pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
OFFICES AND STOIIES TO* LET.
TO lea-«e — Premises suitable for market; 50x80;
eituated on a corner In a well-populated dis-
trict. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 20 Mont-
gomery st.
NICE 'fine office to let: also fine front desk
room. Call at 419 California st, room 21.BRITISH SHIP MARLBOROUGH HILL, WHICH LEFT HERE SEPTEMBER 9 FOR ENGLAND WITH A CAR
GO OF WHEAT. SHE WAS STRANDED SUNDAY ON THE YORKSHIRE SHORE. BUT YESTERDAY
WAS FLOATED OFF AND ABLE TO CONTINUE HER VOYAGE.
Sea Hover Arrives.
The tujr Sea Uover arrived yesterday with a
bis la:;e In lew, V.i days from Coos Dav. '
Will Call nt: Salinas Cruz.
J. V. <:. Comfort. lr.ral aef.nt fnr tb« China
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Monday, January 25.
Rtmr r«n«*nnia]. Strand. SI hours fm Seattle.
TUESDAY. JANUARY 26.
Sun rises V .« ...'..'. ..7:10
Pun sets ..; 5:20
Moon sets ...1:01 a. m.
¦ O H W IL, W|; -. H Wl |L W ~,
| Ft. I 1 Ft. Ft. I Ft.
? Time |Time| > Time! ; |Time
2fi t r.:25 5.3;12:25| 1.1 C:58| 3J4!ll:50| 2.5
27 6:16 - 5.51 1:27) 0.0 3:201 3.7 .....|.-...
!• W H \V| L. W H W|
28 0:55 2.6 7:10 5.7 2:17 0.0 0:22 4.0
29 1:3(5 ,2.7 8:04 . 6.8 3:10—0.5 10:13 4.4
30 1.2:31 -2.7 0:<J2 '.'6.1 i 3:56 — 0.» 11:W 4.7
31 | 3:43| 2.5 9:M 6.1 4:42[— 1.0|ll:4S B.O
NOTE— In the above expoeitlon of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column ~ and the successive -tides of th»
day in the order of occurrence as to time: th«
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes • occurs; The heights given ¦ ar« : In
addition to the Foundings of the United States
Coast Survey. charts, except when a minus (—)
sign; precedes. the height, and then the number
j given is subtracted - from the depth clven. by
j the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters.",- :
The Standard Oil Company's ship Astral,
Captain Dunham, now discharging coal at the
Ueale-street bunkers, is one of the few ships
afloat that Is pratically fireproof. She i* a
steel vessel of unusually handsome proportions,
and In pplte of her dirty cargo, one of the
cleanest vessels Sn port. So far asconstruc
tlun goes she In virtually a. twin sister to the
William P. Frye and both vessels - represent
the modern American steel clipper at Its best.
Jn the matter of handling fire, however, the
Astral is In a class by herielf and Is at pres
ent an object of great Interest to the local
marine insurance world. The fire-fighting ap
paratus Is simple and raid to be most effective.
From a machlno located under the forecastle
head Dices are laid to every part '.of -the ship.-
By the means ,i>f thess pipes and with the Bid
of an air pump the temptrature of any of the
holds can be tested. If the cargo Is found to
have become heated the pipe from tlie hot hold
1# connected with a pipe colled in a stream of
cold water. The hot air Is is pumped from the
l-.old, cooled In the coll and returned. If more
desirable, fresh air from the' deck can be sub
stitvted. In the event of fire actually breaking:
out the pipes are connected with an oven in
which sulphur fumes are. Renerated. The air
pump takei charge of the fumes and within a
few minutes the hold or cabin In which the
fire is located is filled with the chemical va
por and the blaze dies. The sulphur-lad«n air
la then drawn off. fresh' air substituted and an
examination may be made of the scene of the
conflagration. This apparatus can also be used
for dlslnfectln- and ia .frequently employed to
rid the shlo of nuch vermin as accumulate In
the be«t regulated vessels.
A Fireproof Ship.
' NOTE — Tim hleh and low ;waters occur at
theidty front (Mission-street wharf) about S5
minutes later than at Fort Point; the heltht
of tide Is the same at both places. .
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Time and Height of High and Low Water*
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. , Published by official authority of tb»
Superintendent.
' Sun, Moon and Tide.
The Japanese steamer America Maru sailed
yesterday for Yokohama, via Honolulu, with
nn assorted cargo consigned to various Japan-,
ese ports, valued at J50.452, exclusive of
treasure and Including the following: 1020
bbls flour. 2250 cals ' wine. 11C0 lbs chocolate.
460 lbs 1 cu candy, 18 pkgs groceries and pro
vlsons. 112 cs canned goods, 20 bbls beer, 3
pkgrs drugs and sundries, 90 rolls 7 ( pkgn
leather, 270 pkgs bicycles and sundries, 25 cs
paints. IS pkgs plumbing material. 81 pkgs
machinery, 3 cs firearms. 2 bbls oil, 20 cs rub
ber coodn, 722 lbs salted hides, 40.420 lbs tan
bark. 3 bbls oak extract. 5 drums wood spirits,
« cs linoleum. 11 cs copper wire, 2 bales hose,
4 cs electrical supplies.
The statnor also carried 3 cs' plants, valued
at $300. en route to Chefu. China.
Cargo l>y the Japanese Iilner.
The British ship Clan Galbraith was cleared
yesterday for Melbourne, Australia, witn
l.ei'J.-UO ft lumber, valued at ?56,495.
Lumber for Australia.
The British ship Edenmore Is chartered for
lumber from Puget Sound to Valparaiso, fo?yor
ders at 30s; if to a direct port, 2s 6d less.
The British shin W. J. Plrrle proceeds to
Newcastle. Australia, In ballast.
NEWS OF THE OCEAX.
Nearly all hope has been abandoned for the
French ehiD ParU and the British «hin Loch
Bredan. They were ported' yesterday at
Lloyd's as uninsurable. The Loch Bredan 19
out 147 days from Adelaide for Port Natal.
The Paris left Hamburg 201 days ago for
Honolulu. Both vessels were quoted for rein
surance at 80 per cent. The overdue* still on
the hoard are quoted as follows: Castor, 10
per cent: Martaban, SO per cent; Robert Rick
mers, 15 per cent: St. MIrren, 10 per cent,
and Alderjtrove, 25 per cent.
Posted as Unlnsurable.
The British ehip Marlborough Hill, which
left here September 0 with a cargo of wheat
for the United Kingdom and was reported
ashore on the Yorkshire coast, was floated off
yesterday and resumed her voyage. In order to
get her afloat part of her cargo had to be
discharged. R»d luck: seema to have followed
the ships carrying the last grain crop and the
underwriters Inrurlnc them and their cargoes
have lost meney on the reason. Up to date
it Is raid that claimR to an amount of more
than 100 per cent ot the premiums received
have been paid.
Marllioioiigli II1I1 Afloat.
Jnhn w. Johnston to sam». Same: gift
NVphl L. ar.d Alfci M. Jones (by John II.
Grady nnd John II. Damson, trustees) to
Fairmcunt Loan Association. 1H00 D.. 2C1. lot
en K line nf Ninth avenue. 132 feet S of M
street, s 25 by TI 120. trustes's deed- S^O""
Mary A. and Eugene N. Fritz to Joseph 'de
Forent. lot on W. ccrxer of Piedmont and De
l^or.jr avenue. SW 100. n. A. 10fl:li. N 17-0
NE BUS. SE 125. block 3. Flint Tract; $10. ' '
Jacob an«l Barbara Kreel to Charles G snd
Anna II. Sclmitt. lo» cm RE Hne of Edin
iiuipii street. 225 feet SW of Persia, SW 37-«
by SE 100. block 45. Excelsior Homestead: $10
Bernard and Rose Oetz to Harry II. Ixirent
r.en. lot on N line of Montana street. 340 feet
K cf Orizoha. ESO by N 125.: lot ". block U,
naUr<)8d UoincEtead Association 2: $10.
Tlmtr.as Bureoyne to Sarah J. Johnston, lot
en W line of Third avenue. 100 feet S of
Clement. W 120. S 75. E «:7%. NE 37:6. E
70. N "7:0; $10.
Hazel F. Currey to Samuel T. Currey. lot
en W line of Twentieth avenue. 1SL feet N of
California. X 50 by W 120: $10.
Goorre and Marie E. Tcurny to Louis P.
Kerner. lot on SE corner of OUifornla arid
Seventh avenue. S 100 by E 120: $10.
Bessie M. Aston to Mary Flatley. lot oa W
lir.e of Hirst avenue, 200 feet S of Clement.
S 2n by W 120; $10.
A. J. Rich to Hmile E. Kahn. same; $10.
City and county of San Francisco to Leonce
Orothrvell. lot en W line of Arkansas street,
ICG feet S of Army, S 50 by W 100.
Joseph McCusker to Mary E. McCusker lot
on w line of Texas street. 275 feet fl of Ne
v».oa. W 10O. S 20:6, E to a point 238:6 S of
Nevada. N 2.1:0: J10.
John C. Brlckell to Thomas A. Keogh. tnif
«»e. lot on NE corner of Twenty-fourth and
Mission streets. E «0 by N 100; S10.
Mary Cooiify to August Backer, lot on E
line of Mission street. 22R feet N of Twenty
sixth. N 32 by K 115; 510.
Richard McCana to Catherine Burkhardt. lot
en S line of Twenty-fourth street. C5 feet E
cf Hoffman (Ellen). E CO by S 110; $10.
Mary A. Gillen to Frank J. Carroll. August
Mair.zer and Nicolas Kremer, lot on NW line
f f Jessie street. :«» feet SW of First, SW
18 by NW C2: *li).
Mattliow and Bridget McManus to Mary ?J.
Kunjan. Jot on NW line of Clara street. 350
feet SW of Fourth. SW 25 by NW 80: $10.
Union Trust Company, trustee estate of John
P. Harrington, to A. J. Rich, lot on SE Sine
of Minna ttreet, 57:6 feet SW of Mary. fiW
••0. BE 70. NE 25, NW 47, NE 5, NW 23;
also let on XV line of Forty-second avenue,
150 fret B of "R" street. W 120, S 75, W 120.
S 35:1; SE 2iO:C. N 128:1: also lot on E line
of Thirtieth avenus, 125 feet S of "R" street.
S .10 by E 120; *r,eCO.
Annie C llosher to same, lot on NE linn
of Dore street. 9O feet SE of Bryant. SE 25
by NE S5. cmttclaim d»ed; flO.
Estate of Annie Mosher (incompetent, by
guardian) to Edward B. Swales, lot en ME
line of Dore street. 30 feet SE of Brvant. SE
25 l>y NE S5: J2700.
Same to Maria Monferran. lotion S line of
Hayes ftr-et. 2CC:3 W of Clayton. W 25 by S
2...1 :6: $10. *
Same to same, tot on N line of Fell street.
SI :H W of Clayton. W 25 by N 100: S10.
S«me to Eliza Stern fwife of Henry) lot
on N line D f fey rtreet. 131:3 feet W of Clay
ton. W 5O by N 137:6; ?10.
Henry Stern to tame, same, quitclaim deed*
gift.
Same to Carl Brann. lot on SW corner of
Hayes and Clayton streets. W 106:3 by S 25:
i>2f£i? a , rd Je " n ' e M - Fleminr to John A.
£ e /errkiuv^^T,o ot Feu aDd Ociavu
sam'e" 1 gfft Crennan l0 iIa <"ifarA G. Grennan,
w r ,*: t i ina f nd . t Ereen to Eugenie T. Merrill, lot
by W no- iio " * ' K ° K ° r Su " er> * 25
Henry Rich to Henry Bohls. lot on W line
loc&f Vio? £treet ' ? S ° r Ha>es ' S ?? by '5
Same to Theresa Brunincs (wife of J. H )
W W w"iow^ " reet - T5 s of ' Ha;es:
Same to.Vincent P. McDevitt, lot on E line of
Cole street. 100 N of Fell. N 25 by E 1M-::- |io
Same to Nicholas Ohlandt. lot on N line of
TeU etrcet. 5B:3 K of Cole. E 25 by N 100- 510
hamo to Loui5 Pockwitz, lot on N line of
Fell street, 31 :.T E of Cole. E 25 by N 100- $10
Same to f. Mostly Woods. lot on E line of
Col- street. 125 N of Fell. N 25 by E 10CG- 810
: Same to Gecrtrr- d. Graham, lot on NE* cor
ner of Fell and Cole streets, N 100 by E 31:3;
S«me to Gottfried and Laura F. Carlson. lot
S? , N U J} e "l r cI i.^ tr<!et « 106:3 w Clayton. W
MONDAY. JANUARY 26
Patrick n. Grace to Emraa G. Grace (wife)
ot on W line of Larkin street. 46:3 1-3 S of
Greenwich, S 22:6 by W 97:b'; gift
Mrs. J. Sillon (wife of E. R ) to fohimimt
Savins, and Loan Society? lot^ oi \ X Hne of
83? n r £>!-$$>. W ° f Franklin ' w »°- * <*•
HEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
The China Commercial Company'* eteamshlp
Atholl. CaDtain Watt, arrived yesterday from
the Orient and Manranilio. She carried from
llongl-.ong to the Mexican port 1T6 Chinese and
brought here five Chinese and twelve Japan
ese. The five Chinese Joined the Atholl at
Manzanillo and are goinc to Hongkong. The
Atholl also brought 1650 tons of freight. A
Chinese sailor died during the voyase across
the Psciflc. Caotaln Watt, the AtholPa com
mander, was last here in lt.69, when he visited
this uort as skipper of a sailing vessel. He
has been running between the Orient and Port
land for a number or years. *
Steamship Atholl Arrives.
The fast Vallejo nassenger steamer General
Frisbie yesterday found her match, ana the
II. J. Corcoran, recently converted into an
oil burner but not yet in proper running con
dition, is the boat that «et the new pace and
led the Frisbie from the navy yard town to
Mission-street wharf in one of the moat ex
citing- races se«n on the bay Jn many days.
The Corcoran was recently Durchaped by the
Plper-Aden-Goodall Company to help out the
Sunol en the Vallejo run in opposition to the
General Frisbie. She was fitted with oil burn
ers and It was to try out the new fuel that
yesterday's trip was made. The Corcoran
after the race was returned to Vallejo, whe,re
her cabin con«tnictlon will be remodeled and
the boat generally put into condition for the
service in which her new owners will place
her. The General Frisbie Is alro an oil bur
ner and until yesterday Iield the speed record
for boats of her clatn. AlthouKh beatr.n, the
Frisbie was not disgraced, for it was by little
more than a length that the Corcoran won.
That boat's lenrth of water separated the
boats at Red Rock and not all the oil that
either burned either lessened or lengthened
the gao. Leavlne Vallejo at 7 - o'clock, the
boats tore past the ferry depot at 8:40. They
were steaming aealnst a strong tide, but in
Eplte of thin handlcan developed a sDeed of
about IS miles an hour and knocked 20 min
utes off the best previous run under nlmilar
tide conditions. Captain Hatch, the Frtsble's
owner, directed affairs on his boat. Al Prior
was the Corcoran's mascot and Captain Henry.
Potvlne her pilot.
The Japanese liner America Maru
sailed yesterday for Japan, where she
will be taken into the service of the
Government as cruiser, transport, dis
patch boat or in whatever capacity the
naval authorities may think she will
serve best. She carried twenty-three
passengers, but those for Chinese ports
will be forwarded from Yokohama by
some other line, as at the Japanese
port the Toyo Kisen ICaisha will relin
quish control over their steamship.
The America carried only about 400
tons of cargo, which included a ship
ment of rifles and ammunition. By
way of stiffening she carried 600 tons
of coal and left port in fairly good
trim. There were few people on the
•wharf to witness the liner's departure.
This is the last of the Japanese liners
that will be seen in port untir matters
in the Far East are adjusted. No boats
running between here and the Orient
have been more popular with the trav
eling public and taking them off the
run leaves. a gap which will be hard to
fill. Under the management of W. H.
Avery the Toyo Kishen Kaisha steam
ers have offered peculiar inducements
in the way of comfort, service and
speed, and it is with regret that ship
pers of merchandise and travelers for
pleasure and business see these three
big yachtlike liners withdrawn, pos
sibly to make target for Russian bat
teries. They have all made good rec
ords in the paths of peace and every
body that has ever traveled on any of
them will take a personal pride irt any
glory they might win in naval war.
The America Will go by way of Mid
way Island, where Captain Going will
learn whether or not war has been de
clared. Her passengers included the
following named: /
For Yokohama— M. Morel Bazan. W. II.
Brill W. B. Colver, Mrs. W. B. Colver. W. F.
Funsten. Mrs. W. F. Funsten and son.
, Shanghai— Miss LIllls Crummer.
Hongkong— F. S. Brookbart. Mrs. F. S.
rtrookhart, Eucene Crockett, J. B. Gllnllan
Jr L S. Gillette, Miss F. V. Gllmore. W.
Gorham G. M. Heckscher. Mrs. F. Imboden,
M B Koon, R. F>. Maynard. H. P. Olcott.
j.' S. Plllabury, Mrs.' F\ Smyth and W. M.
von Purtau.
Join at Honolulu— E. A. Kelley.
Beats the General Frisbie.
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. For. . j Salla.
Cottage City. Skas-way &. Way Ports. IJan. 29
Excelsior Cooks Inlet & Way PU. (Feb. 1
J. Dollar Valdez & Way Ports.. IFeb. 8
Al-Kl Skagway & Way Ports. |Fcb. 5
Bertha Cooks Inlet & Way Pts.tFeb. 10
Santa Ana... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts.|Feb. 15
Commercial Steamship Company, returned yes
terday from Salinas Cruz, where he has been
superintending the construction of detention
barracks for the Chinese passengers ot hj
line. Salinas Cruz will hereafter be the port
of call in Mexico for the China Commercial
line. ManzantMo's isolation from through rail
road connections making the present calling
port extremely inconvenient. The Tenuante
pec railroad has a terminus at Salinas truz.
This port, which lies about 50(> milea south c
Manzanillo. is ranidly crowing in Importance
The Government Is SDer.dine from $12.«xyjw
to ?ir.,00O.00O In docks and harbor improve
ments. Most of tl>e work is belne done by
Sir William Pearson & Sons of I-ondon, who
are alt-o carrying out similar contract* for the
British Government at Dover, Gibraltar anu
Malta.
GIBRALTAR — Passed Jan 25^ — Stmr Patrta.
frum New : York, for Marseilles.
Arrived Jan 20 — Etmr Romanic, from Bos
ton, for Naples and ¦ Genoa.
Sailed- J*n 25— Stmr . Hohcnzollern. from
Genoa, for New York.
NEW YORJi— Arrived Jan 25— Stmr Zee-
Stmr Brunswick. Ellefsen. 14 hour* from
Fort Braitgr. • I
Stmr Chehalis. Martin, 36 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr Greenwood. Thompson, 13 hours from
Iversens Landing.
Htnir Coquille Hlver, Sanford, 49 hours from
San Pedro.
Stmr State of California, Thomas, 40 hours
from San Dlejo.
Nor stmr Tellus, ArnUen, 80 hours from
Ladysmith.
Br Btmr Atholl. Watt. r>2 days 6 hour* 11
mln from Hongkong, via Yokohama SS days 9
hours 221 min. via Manzanlllo 8 days 12 hours.
Tag Sea Rover. Thompson.. 4'i days from
Coos Bay. with barge in tow.
Schr Jessie Minor. Jorsenson, 5 day* from
Coos Bay.
Schr Glen, Peterson, 36 hours from Iversens
Landing:. . .
Schr Gem, Benson, 9 days from Tillamoolc
CLEAP.ED.
Monday, January 25.
Stmr North Fork, ' Nelson, Eureka; The Chas
Nelson Co.
Jap stmr America Mam, Going-. Honckons'
and Yokohama, via Honolulu; W H Avery.
Br ship Clan Galbralth, Barker. Melbourne;
Eddy, Falk and American Trading Co.
Br tship W J Plrrle, Jenkins, Newcastle,
NSW; Hind, Rolph & Co.
I-'r bark MacMabon, Lesjoff, Queenstown;
Glrvin & Eyre.
SAILED.
Monday,' January 23.
Stmr San Gabriel. Hamilton, Umpqua.
Stmr Chehalis, Martin, Grays Harbor.
Stmr Mandalay, Payne, Crescent City.
Stmr North Fork, Nelson. Eureka.
Stmr Newtaurg, Anflndsen, Grays Harbor.
Jap *tmr America Maru, Gcinr. Honolulu,
Yokahama and Hongkong.
Brig Geneva, McVicar, Port Townsend.
SPOKEN. i
Jan 20— Lat B2 S. long 35 W, Br ship Cleo
mene, from Rotterdam for San Pedro.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Jan 25, 1() p m— Weather
hazy; wind NK, velocity, S miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
POP.T HADLOCK— Sailed Jan 25— Ship A
J Fuller, for Tacoma.
SEATTLE— Sailed Jan 25— Stmr Valencia,
for Kkagway.
REDONDO — Arrived Jan 25 — Stmr Asuncion,
hence Jan 23.
PORT GAMBLE — Sailed Jan 25— Schr Okan
ogan. for Manila.
' TACOMA — Arrived Jan 25 — Bark Heaper, fm
San Pedro; schr Matthew Turner, from Ka
hului. !
COOS BAY— Arrived Jan 25— Stmr Arcata, j
hence Jan 21; *tmr Aberdeen, from Eureka. i
TATOOSH— Passed out Jan 25 — Fr bark Eu
genie Fautrel. .for United Kingdom.
Passed out Jan- 25 — Schr Spokane, from Port
Ludlow, for San Francisco.
Passed In Jan 25 — Stmr Lcelanaw, hence
Jan 21; for Tacoma; Ger stmr Mera, hence
Jan 121; for Seattle.
HARDY CREEK— Arrived Jan 25— Stmr
Marahfleld. hence Jan 21.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Jan 25 — Stmr Redon
do, hence Jan 23.
Sailed Jan 25— Stmr Lakxne, for San Fran
cisco: istmr Homer, for San Francisco.
SOUTH BEND— Sailed Jan 25— Schr Louis,
for San Franoisco.
PORT ANGELES— Sailed Jan 25— Schr Ori
ent, for San Francisco. I
POP.T LUDLOW — Arrived Jan 25 — Schr I
Okanogan. from Port Gamble.
Hailed Jan 24 — Schr Spokane, for San Fran
cisco. • •*-
ASTORIA — Sailed Jan 23— Schr "A'.nena, for
San Ptdro; schr Volunteer, for San Francisco, j
Arrived Jan 25— Stmr Geo W Elder, hence
Jan 23.
PORT HARFORD— Arrived Jan. 25— Stmr j
Bonita, hence Jan 24. and sailed at 7 p m for ;
San Pedro.
REDONDO — Arrived Jan 25— Schr Honolulu. I
from Anacortes. !
Sailed Jan 25 — Stmr Centralia, for San Pedro.
VENTURA— Sailed Jan 25— Stmr Santa :
Monica, for San Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived Jan 25— Stmr IV H Kru
gcr, hence Jan 23: stmr Arctic, hence Jan 23;
stmr South Bay, bence Jan 23.
Sailed Jan -25 — Schr Fortuna, for San Fran- j
clsco: Echr Ccmnetr. for Salinas Cruz; stmr !
Acme, for San Franc!«;o.
Arrived Jan 25 — Stmr Eureka, hence Jan 24. !
EAGLE HARBOR— Arrived Jan 25— Schr
Tnuruf. from 'San Pedro.
BALLARD — Arrived Jan 25 — Schr Frank \Y
Howe, from San Pedro.
ISLAND PORT.
HONOLULU— -Arrived Jan 25 — Bktn S N
Castle, hence Jan 1U. - -
EASTERN POP.T.
BALTIMORE— Arrived Jan 24 — Br ship
Queen Elizabeth, from Taltal.
FOREIGN PORTS.
GR.WnSEND^ — Arrived Jan 24^ — Ger stmr
Silesia, hence Sept 2. for Hamburc-
CALLAO— Sailed Jan 22— Ger stmr Anubi*.
for Fan Francisco. ¦
LIZARD — Passed Jan _ 23 — Ger shin Marie
KackTsld.- from Nordenham for Honolulu
NEWCASTLE. Au*— Sailed Jan 24— Bark
Carrolllon. for San Francisco.
ACAJUTLA— Arrived Jan 20— Sal stmr
Tzalco. hence Dec? 14.
. ADEN— Arrived Jan 25— U S stmr Kilpat
rlck. from New York, .for Manila. ¦
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Jan 24 — Fr ship
Alice, hence Sept 1." .
BROWHEAD— Passed Jan 22— Br ship Mil
verton, from San Dleeo, for United Kingdom.
AUCKLAND— Arrived Jan 23— Bktn Benlcla,
from Grays Harbor.-
MAZATLAN— Sailed Jan 22— Stmr Curacao,
for ' San ; Francisco. . -
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Jan 25— Stmr Siberia,
hence Jan 8. Prior to Jan. 11 — Br stmr Ascot,
from Victoria.""
Sailed Jan 25 — Stmr Empress of China, from
Honolulu. I Shanghai and - Kobe, . for Vancouver. |
¦ COLOMBO— Sailed Jan 25 — Stmr Calches.
from Vancouver and Tacoma, via Yokohama
and HJoro," for Liverpool.
BRISBANE— Arrived Jan 23— Stmr Mlowera.
from Vancouver, via Honolulu, for Sydney,
NSW.
¦ OCEAN STEAMERS.
TO SAIL,.
Steamer. Destination. j Sails. I Pier.
January 26. I ,1
Elizabeth.. Coqullle PJver 1 9 am Pier 20
C. Nelson. Astoria & Portland! 5 pmlPler »»
Sequoia.... Grays Harbor ....| 4 pralPier SO
Corona.... Humboldt I:30p|Pler 9
Coronado.. Grays Harbor * pm Pier 10
Queen..... Fuget Sound Ports. 11 am|Pler 9
January 27. I I
Iaqua Humftoldt 9 araiPler 2
S. Monica.. Grays Harbor I 4 pmlPler 2
SanPtdro. Humboldt |10 amIPler 2
January 28. I
S Barbara Seattle & ulympia. 4 pmjPier 2
Centralia.- Grays Harbor.^. ... 4 pm Pier 10
Coos Bay.. San Pedro & Way. 9 amiPler 11
Centennial. Eeattle & Tacoma. 8 pm Pier 20
Oregon Astoria fc Portland U am|Pler 24
Arcata Coos B. & Ft Orfrd 12 mjP er 13
p om o Pt. Arena & Albion (5 pm Pier- 2
State Cal.. San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11 ;
January 29. I I
i'ho'.I .... HngJcnp via Seattle] 1 prclPler 2ft
... Humboldt 9 am|P!er 1.1
Humboldt 9 am|Pier 2
Pomona.... Humboldt 1:30 p Pier v
January 30. |
Pt Arena.. Pt. Arena & Mdcnol 4 pm>Pler 2
Alliance... Eureka & Coos B.| ,'Pler 16
Alameda... Honolulu It am|Pier T
City Sydney N. Y via Panama. 12 m|Pler 40
January 31. I
S. Rosa..-- San Diego &. Way.! 9 amJPier 11
City PuebU Puget Sound PoTts.Ill am;Pler "J
February 1. I |
Bonita Newport & C7ay..| 9 amlPler 11
retruary 2. I I
Chlco Coquille River I 5 pmiPler 20 I
G W Eldei Astoria. & Portland|ll ami Pier 24
Korea China & Japan j 1 pmiPler 40
Rainier... Seattle & Whatcomi 4 pmlPler 10
Petruaiy 3. I I
North Fork Humboldt I B pm|Pler 20
Rival "Wlllapa Harbor .. 4 pm|Pier 10
February 5. I
Umatllla.. Puget Sound Ports. 11 ami Pier 9
TO ARRIVE. '
Steamer. From. I Due.
Ccronado Sap Pedro jJan. 26
Arcaia Cobs Bay & Pt. Orford.IJar:. >"•
Edith Tacoma !Ja"- -^
Pomo Point Arena & Albion. IJan. -»
Alarncvla Honolulu ...{Jan. '-»
Czarina.. Coos Bay .;Jan. -•
S.Monica ' Ran Pedro .'Jan. 27
Arctic jlluinboldt : U*«- 27
Eureka j Humboldt [Jan. 27
City Pueb!a...]Puget Sound Ports Jan. -^
Newport New York via Panama. | Jan. '..
Pomona Humboldt Jan. 27
S. Barbara.... San Pedro Jan. 28
Santa Rosa... *San Dlepo & Way Pta. Jan. 2S
Centralia tSan Pedro Jan. 2S
Point ATena... Mendoclno & Pt. Arena. IJan. 2S
Rainier 'Seattle & Whatcom IJan. 2-S
San Mateo....; Tacoma |Jan. 23
Curacao ?Jexlcan Ports I Jan. 'J^
Bonlta 'Newport £ Way Ports. IJan. 23 i
Rival iWIIlapa Harbor JJan. SO
Gaelic 1 Chlr.a. & Japan IJan. 30
O. W. Eider... 1 Portland & Astoria 1 Jan. 30 |
Enterprise : Hilo 'Jan- 30
Chlco 'Cbquille River IJan. 3O I
Corona i Humboldt iJan. 30 |
North Fork... I Huroboldt Man. 31
Stateof Cal...|Ean Diego * Way Fu.lFeb. 1
Umatllla Puset Sound Ports IFeb. 1
Ventura Sydney ft "Way Ports. IKeb. 1
G. L»r.dav*r. . I Grays Harbor I Feb. 1
Memphis (Hamburg: & Way PortslFeb. 2
Coos Bay....I San Tedro & Way PortslFeb. 2
Marlposa Tahiti i*"***- *
City Para New York via Panama. IF«b. ?
Oregon ? Porttacd &. Astoria !Feb. 4
Movements of Steamers.
land, from Antwerp; 8tmr Marquett*. from
London. . . '
GI^ASGOW— Sailed Jan 25 — Stmr
for X«w York. „ ,
PALERJIO— Sailed Jan 25— Stmr \ ictorla.
for .\>w York. • , «
AMERICA MARU LEAVES FOR ORIENT
TO JOIN THE JAPANESE NAVAL FORCES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. TUESDAY, JANUARY 26, 1904:
12
BAJXWAY TBAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. C9.
LESSEE!
SAN FRANGIblO ANu KurtTH PACIFIC
BAH. WAY COMPAHT.
Tibuxoa Ferry, root of aiariet Street.
SAN PSA2TCISCO TO SA2T SAFAZX..
WEEK DAYS- T:3»>. »:«». U:0O a. rn.: 1U:3.'>. !
3:30. 5:10, 6:S0 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip I
at ll:3O p. m. '
Saturdays— Extra trip at 1:50 and ll:..O p. rn. I
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:S0. 11:00 a, m.; 1:30. 3:20.
5:00, 0:20. 11:30 p. m.
SAH EAFAEL TO SAK FBAZTCXSCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:05. 7:^5. 7:50. 9:20. 11:13
a. m.: 12:50. 3:40. 3:CO. 5:20 p. m.
Saturdays — 12xtra trip at 2:C5 and B:S5 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 8:00. 8:40. 11:15 a. m.: 1:40. 3:10.
4:55, 5:05. t>:25 p. ru.
Leave J In Kffect | Arrtvs
Pan Frar.clBCO.f Sept. 27. 1903. |?a a Francisco.
Week I Sun- I Dejtlna- I Sun- I Week
Days, j daya. I tlon. I days. [ Days.
7:30 a I 8:00 a' 0:10 a! 8:40 a
I 9:S0a Isnaclo. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 1 3:.1O p «:05 p 6:2i> p
5:10 p! 5:00 p 7:33 p
7:30 al 9:10 al 8:40 a
8:00 a Xovato. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:3<>p! »:30a , Petaluma 6:0R p 6:20 p
5:10 pi :<:3Op| and 7:35 p
I 5:00 p| Santa Kosa.
7:30 a • 10:40 a 10:20 a
' S:0Oa Fulton. 7:33 p 6:1*0 p
8:30 p 3:30 p
I I Windsor.
7:30 a] S:00 a Healdsburg. 10:40 a 10:20 a
Lytton.
3:30p 3:30 p Geyserville. 7:35 p 6:20 p
Cloverdale.
7::?0al 8:00 al Hopland 110:40 allO:20 a
3 :30 p| 3 :30p| and Uklah | 7 :35 p| «:20p
7:30 a| S:"oba| Wllllts. |7~35p|6:20q
"7:30a| 8:«ial 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 p| 3:30 p| Guemevllle. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al Sonoma. I 9:10 a' S:40~a
5:10 p| 5i00 pt Glen Ellen. I C:03 p| 6:20 p
~7:30a~8:0Oal FlO:4OallO:2Oa
3:30 p 3:30 p| Sfibastopol. |7:35plC:20p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Quentin; at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Spring* ; at Fu!ton for Altrurla and Mark West
Springs; at I^ytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
i serville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers, Booneville and Greenwood: at
j Hopland for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs,
Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lake-
i r.ort and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy
1 Springs Saratoga Springs. Blue Lake*. I.juret
Dell Lake. Witter Sprms*, Upper Lake. Porno.
Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside. Llerly'a.
Bucknell's. Sanhedrln Heights, HuWvllIe, Git's
Hot Springs. Halfway House. Comptche, Camp
Stewns. Hopkins. Mendoelno City. Fort Brags.
Westport, Usal: at Wlllits for Fort Bragg.
Westport. Sherwood. Cahto. Covello. Lnyton-
vllie, Cunnmiiics, Eell's Springs. Harris. Ol-
i sen's. Dyer, Garbervllle, Peppenvood. Scotia
and Eureka.
i Saturday to Sunday round-trip tickets at re-
i duced rates.
I On Sunday round-trip tickets to all point*
' beyond San Rafael at half rates.
\ Ticket offices. 630 Market street. Chronicle
bulldlrc.
I H. C. WHITING. R. X. RTAN.
I Gee Manager. G?n. Paw. Agt.
¦ TOSANRAFAEL, I
ROSS VALLEY,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc.
rix, Sansallto rarry.
Subn-ban Service. Standard Gavse Electric—
lArt'SSiK" «SSS!S^&(SI9 Vil-
a-Jo. 10:00. U:W «S "-V^l^it^i *1 1 ' 5>
R-iV K-15 7:00 8:45. »0:1'0. ll:4o p. in.
ITOOJJ SAN riAKAKL TO SAN FRANCISCO
-Daily-5725. t5:35. 7:40. 8:35. 9:35. 11:05 a.
m 12:20 »:45. 2.tt. =-45. 4:45. 5:45. ttai.
i TO SAN I-RAN-
i 705 0:00. 10:::5 p. ro.
,.ua. ».v«. THpoL - aH thaINS.
8:00 a. m. daily— Cazadero and way stations.
5:15 p. m.' week days (Saturdays exesptedj —
Toicales and way stations.
3:13 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way »ta-
tior.s.
Sundays only— 10 a. nv. Point Reyes and
way stations. •
TICKET OFFICE— C26 Market «t.
FEHI'.Y— Union Depot, foot of Market it.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Leave Via Smiaiita ttrtj Arrive
SaaFrandsco F«t tf Kirkit It. San Frandsca
Week Sun- Su»- Week
D>>-«. da>-s jffiSffffBbL day» Days.
•10:831* 8: OOa HToFp foT*6l
•1:46p 9:OOa TRaSSfBeS l:»5ra-.5i>>
5:15p 1O:OOa %:&»? 5:5<io
11:OOa «:5Op 9:SOr
»-^.. l:4Sr 5:5Or
>...—. -3:1Ct 7:8Op.^_».
•JrnMA Tttt top tm * Wyanl Tlllit ftf»
nCUT ) 62S Market Sr..(North Sbcie Railroid;
CTIICB I aad Savsauto Fuuiy, Foot Vlarket Su
ADVERTISEMENTS.
i Positively cured by these
i Uttle Pills.
They also rcfiert Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
i fcet remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drtrrsi-
! aess, Bad Taste ia the Mouth, Coated Tcngna
P»ia in the Side, TORPID LIVER. The/
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. Small Dose.
Small Price,
BAJLWAY TBAVEL.
CALIFORNIA
LIMITED TO CHICACO
LEAVES DAILY
at JK.'IO a, m., throusrfc la 3 days,
with diner and all trapplars.
Other Santa r* Trains:
7:S0a. m. 1 for s tocJtton( Fresno. BakeralUMa
8-0Op*m'j 1Ierce<J - Hanford aad VlsaUa*
4:00 d- m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. rn. for Kansas City. Grand Caayoo &a4
Chicago.
TICKET OPPICE— 641 Market St, aad
Ferry Depot, S. F. Also Ilia Broad*
way, Oakland, Cal. 37 South Plrst
St., San Josa. -. '
SOUTHERN PACIFIO
Trains leav* and are due to arrlv* at
SAN FRANCISCO.
fMsln Line. Foot of Market Street.)
'11m — kcqm Uich»h-J». 1903. — A»mrrT
VacaTJUe. Winters. Kaaser- TXSr
7X0*. Benlda, Solsua, Elm!r»an<4 8»cra-
meatu 7.Z5*
7J0i VaMeJa, jrip*. CalUtoca. SaaU
Rnsa. Mars'.acx, 3ia R*moa 6 Zac
7-3Ca Nlle». Lirertaore. Tracy. Lataro*.
8:ocfe:on 7-25*
1.00* Saaita KxpreM— (V!» D*rl»),
wn;umi (for Bnrtlstt Springs),
¦*rniow». trrai'i. i:ed Biufr.
Portland. Tacoira. Seattle Z 7.53»
8 00* D*Tli.Woo.li»3<l. Kaleists Laadiac.
Marysvllle. Oro»lll« 7.3*F
••SO* Fort Costa, Martinez. Aaltoci).
Byroa. Tracy. StocJctoa. New*
uiia. Lot Bsao*. Mendota.
Araioaa. liaaford. VI •»!!•,
fr<)««rTt::e AJSf
8^0* Pert Com. Mart:aex. Tracy. Lsti-
roi». Modesto, Merced. Fresa^
C)osb«n Junctlou. Haaford.
Vlss!1a. Cakermleld 4.55*
S.ZOa X'.'.et, 8»i .lose. Hrerraore. Siock-
ton, (tMlltou). loae, bncrstnent».
Placers Hie. MnryiTl!!e. Cblco.
Red Uluff 423^
|.30a Oa'xdale. i'i»in-»». Ja.-aettown. So-
nora. Tuolumnc and Angela 4-25^
8 00. Atlaatlc Ripresa— Oisilea^B'l E<«t. 11.25*
3.30* Rlchajoad, Martian and "Way
Stations 8 55*
10 00* Tl»e Overland I-lmlted — ogdea.
Dfartr.0nj.2x. Chlcizi. 8 2Sr
10-004 Vallejo 12.2»#
10.00a Le« Anjrele* Pa»« miter — Port
Coita. llnTflr.ei, Byron, Tracy,
1-ithrop. Stockton. MerceJ,
l:&7;uoad. Frv*an. tioshen Jcae-
tloa. llanfon!. Leaaoore. Visaila.
DuSfrofleld. Lo» Aaceies 7-25*
; 1f.09« Kavwanl. Nl!«saa.l Wa7 S;atloa». 3.2 i.»
t».O0r gacMsasato P.lrer Steamsrt '11CJF
UOp Benlcls. WInt?r». Sacraajcnta
TVoo<i:a:--:. i.oU'h:s LaudtUK.
MaryiTille. Orovlile aad wsy
ttatloas 105?*
J 30.- Uayirar'l. N':>»« nJ Way Station*.. 7.5i#
3.20r 1'oti CobU. M.iriinfi. Cjroa.
Tracy. l.»;Sro;>. llodnto,
JJercad. Freauo »nd War s»*-
tlia»l>e*o»d Port to«t» T2-2S*
SZOr ?fnrttn8X.Tr»rT. Stockton. L<xI1... 1025*
4 CO? Mar:lacz,SattKa!noa.Va:ieJo,Xapa,
C»:!»to«», SAiitu v Ru*a. 9 25a
400? Nile*. Tracr. Stockton. LoUl 4.25»
4.30r Idtyward. KUe*. IrT'ugron. Saa I t8.55«
Joie. Llvermor- } 111.55a
SCOr Tha Owl Limited — Sf»u»a. Los
B<bo«. ?!f aiima. Freia«. Tultre,
UnlceriSeld. Los Aneeles.
CoM»a buia Limited Sleeper,
Oaklaad to Los Angela*, for Chi-
cago. vlaC. n. I. *, P 153*.
6.C0* Port Costa. Tracy. 8«oektoD ._. 12-28^
t2 30p Harvard. Nile* »nd Saa Jose ..... 7.23a
fe.DOr Hayward. SHe»«n<l Sun Jo*e 8US6*
C£0r Eastern Ex?reis— Oydea. Daa**r.
Omaba, St. Louis. CSlc%go nai
Emc Port Costa, B»uloU. 8 il-
i!ia. Clmlra, D*t;j. Saersnurato^
Kucklln. AabuTD, Col fax,
Truckee. Boca. Reno. T?*da»
worth, VMnaemaeca ............. 8-29B*
S.OOr Vallejo, dally, except Sunday.... • - cs _
700r Vallejo, Sunday ooly f «¦•»»
7.00p KIcbmoad. dan Pablo. Port Costa,
MmSnei and W»y Stations 11.25*
ICEr Oregoa A California Express— Sa>
rameato. MarysTllle. Keddlas.
Purtlacd. Puget Sound and Eui. US*
9.10? Ilayward. NU«a aad San, Jose (Saa-
dayonly) 11 ' B *f
COAST LINE (Marrow «Jao««J.
(foot of Market Street.)
8.16a N»wtrk, OenterrUle. 8tn Joae,
Fe'.ton, Boularr CreeS. E»nta
Cms and T7ay Stations I SI*
t2.15r Newark. Ceatinllls. Baa Josa,
New Almadea.I.oti Gato«,7eltoa,
Boulder Creek, Saatav Crai aad
Principal Way Station* .ttO-SS*
4.1SP Xewirt HmnJoie, Lo»a»to»and( ta.89*
. _i „»»/ statJoa 1 flO 63«
03307 Heaters Train. Saturday oaly. San
Jose and 'Way Station*. Retara-
laz from Lo» G»;<>« Sun^nr only. t7 2S»
; OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
Frosa SAN UlA.NCI StO. Foot of Uarket at. (Sl!si>
— 17:15 »:0O 11:C0aJ1. 1.00 5.C0 B18e.w.
From OAKLAND. Foot of Broadway — ?¦j:IO iS:Ot
rt:m W-.Wa.u. 12 00 2.00 4-BOr.w.
i COAST LINE (Dread binje).
' PT (I'tilrd and fownaead 8>reeU.)
8.10* Eaa Jose aad Way Sutloas 8 3O
7C0a Saa Jose aa« Way Stations SStr
8X0a New AIrn»iea (Tuet.. Frid., raTy), 4.197
SCO* Th* Coaster — 8 topo only Saa Jon*.
Gllroy (fonneetton for Botlia-
ter). Pajaro. Castr«vS!e (con-
nectton to an« from Moaterey
and PactBc Grove), Salinas. Saa
Ardo, Paso Robins. Santa Mar-
«-:rl u. Saa Luis Oblapo, prlnctpal
stations thence Serf (conneetloa
for Loaapoc), principal *«tattons
tbence Santa Barb*ra,San Buenv
veatnra, Sangn*. Los Ansele»... 13 4t»
••00a 8an Jose. Tres Plnoi. Capitol*.
SaataCra^.PacI flc Orore.Sallaaa.
Has Lul* Oblspo aad Principal
Vi'ty Stations 4.10»
10.30a San Jose and Way Stations 1.20*
1130a 8«au Clara, San Jose, Los Gato* -
and Way Stations 7.33*
1^0p San Jose sad War 8tatlona •¦38*
•¦GCr Dfl Monte Kxpr»«s— baat» Clara.
«- £*a Jow. Del Monte. Monterey.
Paclnc Grove (connects at Sania
Clam lor Saata Cms. ltonld^r
Cref 6 sad Narrow i;nu?p Points)
* st Gllrey for Holiljcer. Tres
PlBon. at CMtpwllle forSallnw. 12-15^
SZOr Tres I'laos War Pa«seazer 1045 a
4 30r l-aa Jose an-1 Way Siatlon* 13. CO*
tSCOr San Jose. (tI* 8ant» Clara) Los
Uatus. and Prtsclpal Way Sta-
tions <«u.c«r<: 8un<lar> t9.CB*
«b £0r S*nJa*ean<:rr;nclpalWayStaUon» 53 43a
%.l0r fconset LJmltrJ.— Bedwwd. Saa
Joss, Ollroy.P»tl«as.Paso Roliirt.
Saa Lu!s Obtspo. S«au C »r»>a**.
Los Anieles. Oomlsr. Kl r.i,.>.
Kew Orleans. Vt-w Tork. Con-
nee» at Pajaro for Saata Crai
• and »t Canfrovfile tor Pactae
G«r»ean4 Way 3t»Uon».. 7-ilA
ft Mr fcao Mateo. Bert-^fora.Knlmont. San
Carlo*. K-dwod, Fair Oaks.
StmloPari. l**Io Alto fS «S*
5 ?Cr Ssn Jose »b<1 TTny SUtioas 6 S3*
8.00P Palo AUa and Way StatJont 10.1S*
t;,30^ souinMinfrRaclwo, Miilbrae. Bap
¦|!c_-*m-. Saa Mateo, P.i'i ront,
haa Carlos. Rfdwotvl, Fair i>alca,
Menlo P«rk. «nd r»!o Alto 9 45r
all.iOP M»yCC.»l. Mocnta'n Vl««v. Sunny-
Tale. Lawrenoe. » i:i'jl Clant aad
Sac -lo«o 13 45l
A for Morning. P fur Afl ernwju.
t Sunday wsce^teO. J ianday oaiy
a S»turd.<»7 on'.j.
I Stop* at all sut:ons 00 Sna>Uy.
I p"Ouly iralas »toi>plnz at Valencia St. sottttttooai
«r»S:ltl A.M..':;l«JA.>!.. U:3}jL.ll..3::».».u..t».;ai».3l. a*
t;C0r.M.
|tHE^EEKLY CALL
Si oer Year.
Cures Colds In India.
LAXATIVE BROMO QUININE. To get the
genuine, call for the full name. 25 cents. *
DEATH NOTICES.
Continued From Pnje Eleven.
TIiO!r.as WnHier, sr.J sitter of Mrs. 1o»t«
TV.wkh.. Mrs. Jcrie Hao:ca'.uv>l and L'JiU.
'¦n-f,,..;-.^ et,d Tbotaai Wa'ker. a i:a- |
itve or Stockton. Ca!.. egrd S5 j esrs - j
rr;-rthe tr»d 1o uaje.
tZTFrirrxi* nnd ncquair.lsr.ccs Ere resp'ct-
•fjiiv lnv:te<l to attend t!-.e funeral *\edne*-
. .in'! Sxsvaxy 27, IS><V. at 9:3'.) o'clock, from
• ire rune;«l j arlors of Va I erne. Msrini & ' c.
> lf-21 Etocktoa street, therce toft. I ranm
'hurth tct t>Esir.)t. Intyment -tauan
<"'«»tript« ry.
IX'NI)— r-istei to a higher life. In ttd* dty. I
• t his lat» residence. £913 Harrison etreet. [
.'.ime* tdward beloved husband of Etr-.na !
Cirr«tt Bond l"ov:nc father of James K. Jr.. ;
•'¦'¦rjre M. Ftcd?rick XV. Florence I.. AJice- j
I,.. Harry C. Maxwell W. and E. Beryl
Uottd. a Batlv* of Brooklyn, N- Y.. aced 90
year* j montli" and 23 cays. A member o.
• S»:i Frtndaco Teat. No. 18. K. O. f. M.. and !
ISutihers' Association. No. 1. j
CjyFii'-rxIr n:id acquaintances are respect- j
ristty invited in attend the funeral to-day I
(Tuesday* at i o'clock, from the funeraJ j
• ; J>rlo:s of Burl:er /; Last, 26n6 Mission j
Ix-tween Twcnty-*ecor.<J and T*verr.y-
tliird Vstiotea liasonic Temple). Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery, j
Er;<»OKES ¦ In this rlly. Jar.uary 23. 1904. at
t;:s r c«1.ie!.re. ."SO Trent;, -seventh street.
|.-!Bf«r. Church and iJmch**. Kdwin Land- j
* *'er. b-roved !;usb£:id of Lizzie M. Brook**. ;
fathft r.f Blar.rli- Walker, and brother of j
Albert M.. gamed K .. Mary S. ar.d Kmr.ia
U Bracket, Mrs. IV. mi* F. Hovell and an. j
J.-. <v Whfl»r, a native of Milwaukee. vVis., ,.
*Rg»"5 47 yecre S month* and 12 rta>*. •
r-7"Fi.er:<3« and acquaintances are respect- |
fuily imited to attend the. funeral ien'k»« <
'.TuV*4tar. January 26. 1!K)4, «t 1:30 o'clock. I
»* Bethany C<*rtrr»catior.al Church. BarU'tt j
»!ree:. :'»ar Twenty-fifth. Interment Vy- ¦
r:e».« LR«ra < >mete! v. by electric car from :
•~er:i<T or Thirtieth etreei anJ San Jc*« ave- |
no* ut ":l. r > o'clock.
C.MS— In th!» r'.:y. .'amiarr 1S(M. Jf»er!i.
fielovod brother of T;icm»? Cain of South j
s«:i FVaac(*>oa. a native or Chicaco. 111..
«a»<J -^ yearr
DAVID6OX- In Oakland. Jsnuarj- 25, 39O4. j
Archit>ala W. I>a\ldsor.. beloved husband of j
Ao"*-!ta Iwi.ison, and father of Archibald j
\\". Jr.. Luther K. and Stanley Davidson ;
«n.1 kin. K. .Tohrssr, a native of Nova Sco- i
t .a. need Cl y*ar».
C^"Frf«-nri* and «c<ji:aintan<-es are respwt- j
fuiiy invited to attend the funeral Wcdnft- >
f.r.-a?. Janunry ZS. 100*. at 2 o'clock, from
hla Ute te*'denc-, «:«4 Castro street. Inter- \
¦ ect Mcun:ai:i View Cemetery.
IJSH- Li this c::y. January' 22. I3<M- Oalua j
lfF.*!e;, L«l«:\ed Iiiifliand o* Anna Fish, a J
na'ne c.l New York.
CXFuneral and h'Cnn'r.t rri- at».
GoEZ-.'n thif rity. lamtrry 23. 19C4. Eliza- j
tw?ih. tK loved vife c * th»- late Taul Gcex i
and dcaily belovr.1 mother of Mi?. Taulme J
l.aiijrkKsih ar:d Cbatriea Goez. a native cf ,
kVortesobctx. Germany, ageil <j» years 4 :
jri-ntrs and S oayp. i
O'i-'iifn<5^ and av^aintar.ccs are respect- j
•iiilx iir.ite<J t<» sstrTid the funeral to-day I
iTuefcda>>. January ;.•(!. at 1 p. m.. frcm the I
1«r:or« rT H. F. Bohr & Co.. 1137 Missian
street, between Seventh and Eighth. Inter-
¦sent Mount Olivet Cemetery.
HAH: 'INT.- In Oakland, January £5. HUM. J
Mis. Teresa Harci::;. wider of the !ate j
' \nci5t llardlttc »r.<i loving; mother of Mis. I
llenrj i:\«-id!nc. Mm T». Ltndemann and J
<;us.?.f. Anc'ift. Utinhard and Mart' Hard-
r.\K. ¦ ;;ativ« v f Germany, acfd $" years j
*nd 6 rronthn. j
Huffman— la thi* dtjr. January 23, 10M. J
Elizabeth. l-»lo-.<?d wife of Sandor HofTman. j
rnotiif r of Jotirpb, Virtor. Gertrude and Ethel ;
HcTTroan. and sister cf James and Frank I
Berry. Mrr. M. i=chsfer and Mm. M. Moore, j
* oatirc of l.ive»i>oo!, Entland, ageJ 3b j
;ear.- end !> cave.
C_?'F!!»n'1s a^d acquaintances »r« respect- j
••jlt\- lmited t" fttrnd {.ht funeral to-day j
'Tupsday). at 3:r,r> o'clock, from her late j
:ts:Jen<«. VJ6 Franklin tlreet, thence to |
Bt. Man'a C»ih*dral, vrhere a sorenin ;
i mt*s will be celebrated for the i
rfpote cf her *<ju!. commencir.s at 10 I
<-V!ork. Imermcnt Holy Cross Cemetery. :
l-i< 'iLSWOUTH — In JBaden, Ca!.. January 21. j
HUM, Hsu:, ri^lovd son of John and the j
late Mary Hotewvrth. and brother of Edward j
.T.. J.,'.in \\".. Iv rO y R., Lillian M.. Rosebud I
wild I.oui<: Ilolsworth and Mrs. James A. j
lloraeky. a native of England, ared 21 i
•¦'»r> and IS da>f. Gon*. but not forROtten. ,
JilTJ.F.V- In thi^ city. January 25. joc«4. John '
•.!.. ''Flc^rd son of John J. *nd Bank Hurley, j
an<1 brother of Evelyn arid the late Sarah ;
Nwieji-. a rative of San Franoiscc, aecd 8 ;
;eprs and '2i Hays. j
Cv Fr.^nd--- and >.c<]i:a:ntances are rewpict- !
¦fi-lly lavtted to »tt':id the funeral to-niorrfw !
4U'edne*6a>i. at »:30 o'clock, from th* ]
¦ haufpf residence. SMI Hirriwn sti^ct, near i
Twmt>-th!n». Interr.-.ent Holy Cress C«me- |
t».y.
Ji'HNhOX — In th:a city. Janaarj- 25. I»G4 !
! a-.<.n:a ?.T. Johnecn. relict or the late Ca|,- !
tair. WilJiarn R. A. Johnson, a native of ;
.lil-n-. N. C.. aged '9 yeatr. (Philadelphia, |
I'a.. and Washington. D. C, papers please. •
. « -py.t
C-^Fri'idf and artiuainvsr.c^^ are respect- j
fallj ir'. it-?«J t--. attend ti« fu:i<rsl V>>dn?s- '
«Uy. al 11 o'doek, from the parlor* of I'ot- !
Mt f- mOtei *-•" Golden Gate avenue. In- 1
•¦•i Cjj>ress Lawn Cemetery.
KKKVaX- Ectetvd inr.i rert, in this city. '
Xtnw.ry 'JZ. 19<M. Thomas '.awrence. be- j
l#ved li'is-biii.d o' Maila Bercaa. and father j
* IJ..\ M. pjid Harry E. Kervan and Mta. <
Lain K. .S:ior.-, a native of New York City, i
a^"i 7" >eai-5 fi months and 16 days. ;
C"Fri*»nris and acquaintances are "respect- •
T-Jlly in\iir-d to attend the funeral to-morrow- i
iV.XBesdayK at 2 o'clock, from the Mason'c '
T«rcj4c t-orner cf Pen and Montgomery |
FtreeiSi under the auspices of Paciac Ixxlge i
No. UK, F. and A. M. Interment 1. O. O. 1'. '
«'i;>trry. Kemulm st the rarlors of Hal- i
nr.1 & «"o.. 'MH Mission street.
lftTtfiI.SC — In Oakland. January 23. 1904. :
i!rt. Masdaler.a Kessicr. beloved moiher cf :
August and Arthur Ke?«ier. and fi-and- '
i!:otlKr cf Pau'.ir.e. L'mily and Gladys |
Krsrlcr. « native at Lorraine, France, aged i
7'J >>sr? II n-.onths £iid !1 days.
CTKrifiids and ntnfuJatutatm are respect- i
fftly invlte-j to atterd iho funeral tc-day '
• Tu'tday* at 9 o'clock, from her late resi- ' :
d*soe. Si« Alice street. Oakland, tlicnce to j
; he churcl! of lmraacu!a;e Ccnception. ccr- '
:>< r E.st.tli nnd JeflTerson street*. Oakland, !
Kbtn a solrnin requiem high mass will be !
<fleb:atcd for lie repose cf her soul, com- I
nitncins at 2 SO o'cloock. Interment St. ;
Mary's Cemetery.
KICSULFF— In this city. January 25, 1304. j
Tboceaa Nirhtincale KJeruifT. only son of
51r. and Mrs. Tliomaa C. Kierulff. a native '
<r . c an Fran-.lrco. aged 1 year 2 months and '
C7NUic* of fur,«rsl hereafter.
LOSC— la this city. January 24. 190*. Thcmat '.
- icBcTMcm Long, beloved brother of Ed. E. i
J. M. 1>O3K. A member or Cipitfcl Lodze I
>:« t-7. 1. O. O. F.. Sacramento Cal. "
C7":icmiiins at the mortuary chapel of
t ; » Oolden Gate Undertaking Companv
"isfion Btrect, near Twenty-Hrit. Funeral i
notice liercaftcr.
LYONS— iu this city. January 23. 1304. ¦
< ha: ic«. dearly beiovrd husband of Fanny i
J.yons. p.-,d l'atlier of Beatrice, Gerald E)ea- !
nor. Elain-, Ethel. Clariase and George j
J.ycjif. a :;ati\e London. Eneland, aged |
•4 years T, month* and » days, ti^ondan and j
Ne tv Vori; raperF plea«e copy.) !
ETFaxrai services Tuesday. January 26. i
iWi. at » o'ctodi a. rn.. from his late."resl- !
•Jrn-.e. 2I2'> Central avenue. Interment '
¦trtctljr private.
UASHK-Ia Phoenix. Ariz.. January 21, 19t«» j
v\"i!'iaTii \Va!<io Marvin, hurband* of Mary '
•Kani.pe. at.<l father of I^eila L. Marvin, '
sir^d 47 jcars. ¦
SrrFunera' F«rvicc« en Wednerday morn- j
'.hk. at 30 o'clock, at the residence of h'a I
i^oiher. n«X> geett street, corner of Sacra- !
tr,enti. :
MKRRIM-— la this city. January 25 19CM
.'»m<* Tarr Merrill, father of Mrs. Anon T !
No*;, a nar^e of Main*. »ced 75 yean I
iSto-.liton. «:ai.. papers p>ase copy.) '
O" Funeral private io-<5ay cTuertay), at I I
' <|ock. froa his late refidence. i«i»i> vi>b. I
Mor MrreL Cremation Odd Fellows' Ccnr-
»*:¦;.-. I
MOXAHAN— In th's city. January 24 I»04 !
ratrlcfc Monahan. a native of Ireland sited
70 y»ars. !
Xf>nniS— In this city, January 24 l«)04 I
, ThOT.m I-Iorrit, a native of Trance, aged 44
;cars. >
trrimCs «nd scquaintances a»-e re«-.»ct- '
fnilv In-ited to attend th* funeral services I
tu-*]s.y <Tue#(Say). at 11 o'clock, at the rr.or-
:uar;.' chapel of J«!lu* G. Godeau, 203 Mont- I
fr«n:»ry avenue. Interment Mount O'lvet I
Cemetery. :
MSTNP— In this city. January 24. 1904 Rose
l'fliv»d nlt> of ih« late ft.mu»l Mund a 'id
IHoved tr.rd.er cf «.n : arl^E J.. Hadie, Iyso and
Uelvint Sum, a native of Germany, a^ivi !
« f**n. •Chi-.aso and New York paper*
|iIeiK c»r>')
t-TVtintA* and acqualr/arcen are respect-
fully lm'.t'tl to attend the f am ral to-day i
<Tu»>da:.). «t 1« o'ploclr, frcrn her late rc-i"- :
<i^nc»-. *jW\Z Pttli street. !nt»rnirnt U:il« cf !
nt*rrnity Onieten.-, by 1 1 ::v0 o'clock t'-aln
frcm Thud and Tov.r?<>n<I ?ireetF.
O' OCT. EX— -In Hadeii, C'ai., January 24, 1904,
ifenry, beiovej son or Mary and Um late
JoriT) O*nrl<-n. ind brc^hT of John. William.
Thomas. Ji=.rie* and Htcitard O'Crlen. Mr«.
J. Fl>nn, Mif. A. Pa'irrr »nj the late Mag-
pie McKeiincy en<1 K;ia OTVtVea, a native of
< »l!!<«rn;a. afff<1 22 years ami 11 day*.
t^Remait.ji »: tb* i-eKid^nce of his sister,
Mrs. A. I'almer. U71 Ivy «\enue.
OWAXl/i.V- In F>rke!ey. Januer/ 24. 19CM
Kiizabcth. beloved sister of Jamei F. C'Han-
!on. a natlv*-«rf the City of Cork. Ireland.
ETFr;en«» are recsectXaUy Invited to at-
ifjj*J ilie tus*ral t'f- morrow «W*r<5nesday). at
5«r o'clock, frcm her Sate ••'¦¦idence. FSiHon
vtrctt an<5 Ashbv aver.ue. n?rkel»y. thence to
i *l. <JoIonibf>* <*htirch. where r rf'quienj liigh
•:.•?• wiil be celebrated Cor the. repos« of her
t*nil. • ocrmnencinr at 9:;^0 o'clock. Inter-
metit U«!y Crosa Cemeferv, via c-ar l;-avisr
Ihs (cirv at 11:1." o'rloc!:.
PARKIHI— la Oakland. January 2.*, 1904, at
•M7 Nintli street. Korbes. bilove<l husband of
Margaret Parker, :i n».tive of ObSo. need CO
"years R months and 7 <2ayf.
I'OTV'nrtS — In this ciiy. January 2:1. S9O4, Kd-
murrfl. !^lo\«<J !iu'ljan<l of Mary I'owei-a. and
father of Mary. William and the late iiu-
iifrte I", rr-werr, a native, cf Ireland.
tTNt*lw> <.f fur.cral hfiriftcr. Hemains
at (he imi'dr* ut J. <". <j'<v.innor i Co.. 707
MUi:;'jii Etrcct, betweea Third and Fourth.
POWERS— In this city. January 25. 1J04 Eu-
Renff F.. dearly helcvod sen of Mary and the
lit- Kdmun.i Porv=r«. and brother o. Mary
ar.il WilKazn Powers.
ET.N'otice of fulcra! h«reaft»r. Hemalns
nt the rarlcra-tr J. C. O'Connor i,Co., »<j.
M if? ion strft'..
REAOAK~In '.his dty, January 24, 16(M. Jan*
: i:., Lelovetl v.ilV of the late Julius R. I:«a-
| sa-i. iovlnc mother of Mr*. Fred Scli.oner,
! .Tcb:i J. Rp«ean and Mrs. W". T. Uwyer. and
t!»trr of Mrs. G. VVilb*.:r. a native of Aus-
tralia, »sed C7 years 2 months and 11 clays.
C-Triendf: and iicqualntanc'es are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-tnorrnw (Wednesday, at 30 o'clock, at her
late residence, U69 Hampshire street. Inter-
ment CyDress Lawn Cemetery.
i nOI-RKF: — Ir. this ctty. January 23. 1D04,
' Urldgel rto-jrk*. beloved mother of .Tames
! Itourke. a nstiva of Ireland. aKed 72 years.
STf Notice of funeral hereafter.
! KTAX-ln tli:<i city. January 25, 1904, at the
[ residence of her daughter. Mr*. J. Flanagan.
! 150 Hartford street, between Eighteenth and
Nineteenth; Hannah, wife of the late James
Ryan, ar.d cearly beloved mother of Mrs. J.
. Flanagan. Mrs. J. Austin and M. J. and J-
K. n.van. a native of tlie parish of Carriga-
llne. County Cork. Ireland.
E71tfoUe« of fur.tral hereafter.
SCHNIER— In this city. January 24, 1904.
Henry Louis Schnier. beloved stepfather of
John and Alex Deamcre, a native of Ohio,
ased r.'J yesrs 5 months and 16 days.
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend funeral services
Wednesday. January 27. 190*. at 2 o'clock,
from lif* late reslder.ee. northeast corner
of Height and Stanyan streets, under tha
allspice* c' Vcrein Einlracht. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
SCHULTZ— In this city. January 24, 1904,
Jnhauna H. Schultz. sister of M. Schultz,
and aunt of Grace M. Lowry. Mrs. M. AY.
V.'oods and tlte late Mrs. James H. VToods.
a native r.f Oerncany, aged 89 years 6 months
and 20 ua.vs.
ZTTh* resrsains may be viewed at the
parlors of H. P. Petersen, 22S McAllister
rjre?t. until iniesday. at 10 o'clock. Crema-
tion private. Odd l-"e!lo^vs' Crmetery.
EMITU— In this city, January 25. 1904. James
Rcotl Smith. San of Charles K. Smith and
•lea;-!> beloved son of Mrs. Alajria Smith.
«a<1 lovlns: brother of H. Carl and Mae
Louise Pmith. A member of San Francisco
Aerit; No. .'.. F. O. K.
fjrr.>-mti\r.9 at the funeral parlors of
James McGinn & Co., 214 Eddy etreet. No-
tice o' fun*r»! hereafter.
STKIBLE— In this city. January 24, 1304.
JI<nry E.. beloved husband of Hannah
Stribie, art! father of Harry, May and Nellie
Strible, a native of Baltimore, Md., aged
"6 Near?. A member of the Gentlemen's
Sodality cf St. lunatius Church. (Baltimore,
M«i.. and Ssc-rarmnto, Cal., papers please
copy.)
ICPServiees to-day (Tuesday), at 11 o'clock,
ft (be Dur'.ors r>' Car»w & English. 29 Van
Xf?« avenue, lmcrment at Sacramento.
TEVLIN — In this city, January 23. 1904. Julia
Tevlln, belo\e<3 cousin of Patrick Tevlln, a
native cf County Meath, Ireland, aged 43
years. A m»rr!ber of Yorke Division No. 3.
.Lfltiifs" Auxiliary of A. O. II.
C^Xotice of funeral hereafter. P.exnains
at th» parirrs of the United I'ndertakers.
S6« Mission ¦ street, between Fourth and
Fifth.
TIEJiNEY— In this city, January 25, 1904,
Anthony TJerney, a native of County Sligo,
Ireland, aeed 65 years.
(T^Rerrain? at \he parlors of the Henry
J. Gallasher Undertaking Company, 20 Fifth
street.
VAN BIBBER— In this city. January 25, lf>04,
at 1070 Uashir.irtcn Ftreet. Mrs. Eva Van
lilfcber. relict cr J. T. Van Bibber, mother
of L. R. Van Bibber, the late Mm. Laura
Carroll and C. M. Van Bibb»r. and grand-
nioth^r of .'. N. Stiles, a native of Greenup,
K>-.. ae<Hi 70 years 2 months and 2 days.
C3"Inierment at Sacramento. Cal.
WIMKEN'— In this city. January 24, 1904,
Ca''ierir.e. beloved wife of George AVim-
ken. daughter of the late Thomas II.
and Catherine OCallaghan, and sister of
-Mr?, a. C. ICeprel. Mrs. Frank Linehan.
Florence. Thomas II. and the late Frank J.
O'Callaghar. a native of San Francisco,
sped 2i year*.
CTFr-cnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited tf> attend the funeral to-day
(Tuerday). at. 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of ucFadden. McBrcarty & Green 1171 Mis-
fion street, betneen Seventh and Eighth,
liirnce to St. Joseph's Church. •where a
requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repos* cf her soul commencing at 9
o'clock, lnierrcent Holy Cross C«metery.
CARD OF THANKS.
\*> herewith desire to exrrers our heart-
felt thanks end eppretiaticn to our many kind
fr'er.ds for their evrr.pathy. kindness and the
niany beautiful flewwr ofrerines. also the
members of the Maftfr Mariners' Associa-
tion and Yerba Birena Lodee Xo. 14, A. O.
1 . W.. for their efficient manner in conduct-
Ire the funeral ceremonies; also the Rev
W. M. Bouis for the kind and sympathetic
words SDoken in our late bereavement, th*
loss of our dearly beloved husband and
lather. Caj.tain William P. Noyes
MP.t. BOPHIA -VOYES and Children.
CARD OF THANKS.
* de ,";'!; to CXDress cur sincere thanks
Tor the kind EyniDathy ehown to us by our
rr.pny friends la our late beroavemfnt the
loss of our lovms husband and father. 'Ben-
jamin Carl Paetzold.
MRS. FRAXCISCA PAETZOLD and Family..NEW TORK. Jsn. 23.~51cncj on calL
'Nezv York Money Market.
Mutton and Lamb have been advanced. They
Meat Market.
Hides, Tallozv. Wool and Hops.
From New York comes the report that bids
of "0c have been made here for choice 1904 So
noma Hods. The market rules very firm.
HIDKS AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about V-@lc under quotations. Heavy halted
Steer* 9c: medium, Sc; light. 7«4c: Cow Hides.
7Uc for heavy and 7V*c for light: Ktags.-Bc;
Salted Kip 9c: Salted Veal. 10;; Salted Calf.
10M.C dry Hides, 15616c; dry Kip." 13c; dry
Calf ISc: Sheepskins, shearllnsa. 25@3t>c each;
«hort Wcol, tOiSCBc each: medlvm. 70®n0c: long
VVrol fl«l M>: Horse Hide., eftlt. $2 75 for
laree and $2S2 60 for medium. $1 2501 75 for
Lrnall and 50c for Colts. Horse Hides, dry.
$1 75 for large and $1 50 for medium. 8101 25
for email and 50c for Colt". Buck Skins— Dry
Mexican 31c: dry salted Mexican. 25c; dry
Central American. 31c. Goat Skins — Prime An
eoras 75c: larse and smooth. 50c; medium. 33c:
small'. 20c. .
TALLOW — .No. . 1 rendered. 4c p«r lb: No.
2 3V4e; grease, 2\4©3c. --
'WOOL — Fall clip — Sa" Jnaquln Lambs'. 9Q
lie Middle County. ll@12e: Northern De
fective. OifflOc: Nevada, l.tttlSc: Oregon fine.
lStfflflc': Oregon medium, 17c per lb.
HOPS — 27«J30c per lb • 'or California, 1903.
and 17<220c for crop of 1004. '
Garbori Pleads Guilty.
Emanuel <5arbori. charged with an
assault to commit murder, pleaded
•ruilty In Judge Cook's court yesterday
to .in assault with a deadly weapon.
He was sentenced to pay a fine of
$1200, with the alternative of serving:
600 days In the County Jail. Garbori
was employed as a baker by G. Ferro,
504 Union street, and because Ferro
discharged him on October 18 he flred
a shot at Ferro the following morn-
Ing.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 23.— The President to
day sent to the Senate the nomination of Paul
J. Sours to be postmaster at Denver. Coto.
Lima? and small/Whites continue very firm
under the Influence *of; the dry weather down
south. Large Whites, on the contrary, are
weak and slightly lower, as there are not
many ordere for them. They, must eet down
to about $2 2062 25 to compete with Michigan
for the trade. of the Middle West. Pinks rule
firm as there are not many available and the
stock Is mostly held by three or four houses,
BEANS-Bayos. $2 35(32 4.">; Pea. $3 25: But
ters. $«; small White, $2 f)5<B3 05: large White.
$2 35i&2 t!0: Pink, $2 80(82 00; Red, $4 2504 50;
Lima. $3 15®3 25: Red. Kidneys. $4 25; Black
eye. *2 15® 2 25 per ctl:. Horse Beans. $2@2 50.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard. $3; Yellow Mus
tard $2 05©2 80; Flax. $1 80®! DO; Canary.
LfiZViC for Eastern: Alfalfa. 11014c; Rape.
U4«?2c: Timothy." 6@6%c: Hemp. 3\4©3Hc per
lb: Millet. 3®3>4c: Broom Corn Seed. $20@23
per • ton. !
DRIED PEAS — Nominal.
Beans and Seeds.
Hay continues firm and dealers say that it iu
likely to continue so, as the Government order
for 3750 tons, which must be filled by March
1. will take 100 tens every day from the dally
receipts from now on to that date.
All FecdstuffB continue firm at previous quo
tation*. "
BRAN— ?20 50<f?21 SO per ton.
MIDDLINGS— S27@2S 50 per ton.
SHORTS— $20 50021 50 per ton.
FEEDSTIIFFS— Rolled Harley. $23 60@24 50
per ton: Oilcake Meol at the mill. $2S 50(&30;
Jobbing $31: Cccoanut Cako. $21©22; Corn
Meal S2S<KUS 50: Cracked Corn. $2.S@20;
Mixed Feed. $22@23: Horse Beans. $3*9*0 per
.HAY— Wheat. $14017 00: Wheat and Oat.
fH01C 50: Oat $l4ffl<5; Wild Oat. S13gl5;
Barley $120lt CO; Stock nominal— none here;
Alfalfa $12»13 50 per ton.
6TRAW— 50@75c per bale.
Hay and Fcedstuffs.
NEW YORK. Jan. 25. — The movenvni cf
£ric** which had crrpt flowly upward since
tut fall until last Thursday, when they bejau
to advance rapidly on a large volume of busi
iietc. turned barkwerd to-day and showed not
los*e* en the dsy*a business. The wrakn<-?:«
wai. net at any tim* acute, and there \va? a
T^ei-lod of fctr.nsrth ifttr the openir.5. but this
xva* jjcfj .iVy nv&ii(Hl of to jwll stocks. The
ZMietjor.ary tc-ri<Kn'"y rained force 33 the day
i-.<:vniir*<j ano tl>e closing '•>»? v.«>ak and active.
Mtry nt tho l<adir.; active rioeks lost one or
;Vo point*. Thrw Jncluied St. Paul and th*»
C.rnr.«rc». I'arifjcs and S^uthwcrterns and
•<";i!t*<l Btkta ; : tr»l preferred. The*»> declines
»->e fcy 'i\o rcec-::s Mimi> after so considerable
en a&vance. us has taken r-.*<*. b ' Jt t * 5e r*"
art!on v.ee dectetve tJti unmistakabl*;. Th«?r»
Van r.it much more r.e^e to accompany it
than th»-re had br-^n on the advance n - hlch h-nd
Jr>ri-r>. ,'irtrr.;ti»r']v tn e ( 0 tn^ or,eral?or.s en \.h".
Ion? t.\d<: li'clurjlnjt rnanipulatlw; tactfcn of a
}x>w«i'ful V>u!l party. What .-happsnt-1 in sto'-ks
\va« v«ry ninilar to what. ha|>pcapd in wheat.
Ti that navtet the neaw of »ewere cold in the
riwr trhf-at l*!t and rraewat of war rumorn
.¦j;tit?»d :h« Tnarntt »o an advance. The inod
rrp.ti^n cf 'i:f- advance n-.vakcnrd th« su»-
X'ic'.ou cf the »r-.t:<ri! that Utf big speculative
ir.tcrcfits u*-re unlfA.Jirf ana a i-lump in uhsat
rriul:'/wi. Thf tanio «tate <<f doubtful senti-
Tr.«nt nbialni in tbt rtock market. The lark
<*f .exiU^nce < t anv !a-£» «h»rt- .in fhe buying
by »l.e outside i-uMic helps to i:xp the app^e
»-»T.5iof!s of t>>c l-rofoKitona:* rwako. l^cndon
rauflt »Tflhif»uUaJ cr-mcnrtrat:on of tho rr>
non-rd fears of war hy. . wiling some .%0,<i00
shares of Ctodrt in New Vcrk. A matured
conskicratlon of thr Batnrdajr bank statement
did iwt help '.a reassurt! :he tpcculatUe mind.
AVraUness in the caprtx market.- a. etock bro
korase in'.Uire in Ualtimcre and r(port» of de
/rcawd n< t *r.n-.!ng« c-r r«i!roa<1« for Orc«m
b.r assrav&toil the dcwrnvard tendency. The
;olr.ts of.rtrengfh in the markctn were due to
t p«'cial ccu^os ind Hjh gains wtre cenerally
bft'irc- thf ciot*.
lions* wire rxtlve and irrecular. Total
tak-s. M.^Nj.oCsO..
L'r.itcd £-t.itr!< 2s coatwn ndvanced M acd the
O\C 4s ti«?iinc-J hi on cai!.
Nczv York Money Market.
. Chicago was firm at a small advance. The
situation remains as before, outsiders continu
ing to buy and the packers selling them freely.
Receipts of Hogs are liberal and stocks con
tinue to incrense.
There i« n ° change worthy of note In this
market. Trade continues dull.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, lie per lb for
heavy. 11 Vic for light medium. 13V ( c for light.
14c for extra light and 16c for sugar-cured:
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 13%c: California
Hams. 12Vi@13c: MfM Beef, $11 5O per bbl:
extra Me»*. S12812 50; Family. $13; prime
Mess Pork. $10; extra clear. $24; Mess. *1S:
Dry Salted PorU. ll%c; Pig Pork. $2S; Pigs'
Feet $5 25; Smoked Beef. 15c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted nt 7c ner lb for
compound and O'/ic for pure; half-barrels, pure.
O^o: 10-lb tins. 10c: 5-lb tins. i"i%c; 3-lb tins.
1 COTTOLENE— One half barrel. ST4c: threw
half barrels. S%c: one tierce. 6%c: two tierces.
S»4c: five tierces, S94c oer lb.
Provisions.
EASTERN MARKETS.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $4 60®
4 S5 usual terms: Bakers' Extras. $4 5fr@4 CO:
Oregon and Washington. $3 90@4 20 per bbl for
Family and $3 00(ff4 40 for Bakers'.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In packages are aa
follow*: Graham Flour. $3 25 per 10O Jba;
Rye Flour $3 25: Rye Meal. $3: Rice Flour.
$7; Corn Meal. ?3 25; extra cream do, $4; Oat
Groats $4 50; Hominy. $1®4 25; Buckwheat
Flour $4 5,0S?4 75; Cracked Wheat/ $3 75; Fa
rina $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 00; Rolled
Oats. bbls. $7 250S CO; In racks. $6 75®8 10:
Pearl Barley. $0: Split. Peas., boxes. $7; Green
Pcan. $5 30 -per 100 lbs.:
Flour and Millstuffs.
FKU1T— Apricots. 7V*&U?tc lor Royals and D
©lie for MoorparkS: Evaporated Apples. 49
5^c: sun-dried 3@4c: Peaches. 4S6^,c: Pears.
6@10c: Nectarines. 4©5%c; Fig*, white. 4@4*ic
In boxes; black. 4%c: Plums, pitted. «S0c per
PRUNES— 1903 crop. 2%®2»ie for the four
sizes/
RAISINS — F. o. b. prices. Fresno, for 1901
crop: 50-lb boxes — Loose Muscat-Is, 2-crown.
5%e per lb: 3-crown. f}4c; 4-crown. »ityc: Seed
lees Muscatels. 4Vic; do. floated. 4%c: un
bleached Sultanas. 4V4c; Thompson's Seedless.
SVtC London Layers — 2-crown. ?1 25: 3-crown.
$1 35; 4-crown clusters. $2: 5-crown Dehesas.
$2 f>0; 6-crown Imperials. J3; Malaga Loose. 2
crown, 5c per lb: do 3-crown, 5HC: Valencia
Cured. 4Wc: Pacific, do. 3%c; Oriental, do.
2%c. Seeded Raisins— lfi-02 packages, fancy.
Sc per lb: choice. 7T<.c; 12-oz packages, fancy.
6^c: choice. (l»ic: In bulk, fancy. 7=«4c; choice.
7%e.
NUTS— Walnuts * No. 1 toftshell. 13>^614c;
No. 2. ll'^@12c: No. 1 hardshell. 13'SlSJic;
No 2, HSliUc: Almonds, lie for Nonpareil*.
10V4c for TX'L" lOVtC for Ne Plus Ultra and
3%c for Langued'oc: Peanuts. GJ27c for Eastern;
Pecan*. ll@13c; Cocoanuts. S» 50©5; Chest
nuts, iiii'c per lb.
HONEY— Comb. 10011 %e for white and S549
0T4c for amber: i water whlto extracted. 5^
6^Jc: lleht amber extracted. '.%^4->ic: dark.
3%«Mc.
BEESWAX — 27«?2Oc r>«r '*>-
Chestnuts are dull and lower.
Dried Fruits,A T uts, Raisins, Honey
Morning Session.
Board —
20 California Fruit Canncrs 05 CO
25 Giant Powder Con 6:1 00
10 Giant -Powder Con «3 25
60 Giant Powder Con 63 50
3 Hawaitftn Coml & Sugar 44 CO
$4.noo Spring Val is (I'd mtg?) Of) 50
I10.CC0 Pac Electric Ry 5 per cent... 105 CO
Street — -
$9OO V .S 3 per cent (coupon) 107 50
$l,C0O Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 5s 00 00
$3,000 8 F & S J V 5 per cent 118 12*4
Afternoon Session.
Board—
10 Alaska Packers' Association... 140 00
20 California Wine Association... 93 00
20 Giant Powder Con. ............. 64 00
15 Giant Powder Con 63 50
- ! 10 Giant Powder Con 63 75
10 Giant Powder Con : «tt 00
50 Honokaa S Co.. 12,25
15 Pacific Coast Borax -....167 00
10 S V Gas & Electric M CO
1 300 S F Gas & Electric 53 23
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
4s nr coup.. 107 '/ilCS J4s qr cp newllTi4i.il ,
4s qr rep... — lC7%|.1s qr coup.. 107 lC8*i
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. — — O T Co 63.1174* —
Bay CPC 5a. 101 =14 103 Do 5s • ICO —
Cal C O Cs. — 107 Do con 5s. 102% —
Cal G & E K Oceanic S 5s. — 75
m &. ct 5s. — 1C4 Om Cable 8s. 122 U —
Cal-st 5s 114 — Pac G Im 4s. — 08
C C Wat 5s. — 104 P E Ry 5s. 104?; —
E<J L & P 6*120 — P A C H «s.l(ttlj _
F & C H Cs. — 117 P & O R 6s.ll7 —
Ceary-st 5s.. 45'i 90 Powpll-st f's.ll.Vi —
H C&S 5'J3.104 — SE G&R 5a. — 101
Do Zn .... OSTi 9OV4 SF & SJV5s.ll« llSH
Hon R T Cs.lOC — Sierra R «s-110\112
L A Elee r.g. — — S P of A 61
L A Ry 5s.. — 116 (lf»00) im 106\J
L A L Co V.f. — — O910) ....106 —
Do gtd n<t. — — S P of C 6s
Do gtd 6a. — "104 Vs (WCMSr A. 104 —
LAP lem 59.102'i — (lJKi.'.)Sr B.104»; —
Mkt-st C «s.ll« — (1»c«> 105K106
Do lem rifl.miillfi H912) 117T* —
NRR of Ces.lOSKlOSS SPC 1 ck 5s. — —
Do 5s ..-..117H — Do stmpd.lOSmoOU
N P C R 5s. — — S P B R6s.l33?i —
N C R R 5*. — 112 S V W (in... — 107V4
N C P C 5s. OS«j — Do 4s 2dm. M*% —
N S R R Zn. — ICOty Do 45 Mm. 90^i —
O O L H Sit. 107% — Stkn GAE rts — 102
O \V gtd 5s. — 09 tT.G & E 5s. — ; —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa S9 41 I Fort Costa.. — —
Martn Co... — 63 IS % V w Co.. 30^ 33^
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cert L & P. 3^ *\i S F O * E. 5SH 53%
Mutual E L. 10U — Ptkn O & E. 3 —
Pac L Co.. 56 — V G ¦&. E.. — 39
Sac E G & R — —
. TRUSTEES" CERTIFICATES.
S F C, & E. — — I
Flrcm s Fnn. ~" ¦• •>(«? i
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Blc. — 130 L P & A... — HO
Anslo-Cal .. SiHi J)2 Mer Trust... — 240
Bank of Cal.442Vj45O Merch Ex... — —
Cal Safe Dp. — 150^i S F Nation!. — —
First Natlonl — —
' SAVINGS BANKS. ,
Ger S & L. — 2300 Sav & L So. — 1C0
ITum S & L. — — Sec Sav Bk. — 450
Mutual Sav. 100 — Union T Co.. — —
S F Sav U.6C0 650
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..107^205 IPresldio 40 41
Geary — SO I
POWDER.
Giant ..... 62Vi — |V!goiit 3'/. 4%
SUGAR. ' v .
Hana P Co. — — Kllauea SP, - 3
Hawaiian C. 44 41»A Makawell C. 20 « _
Honokaa S C 12V, — Onomea S C — 30
Hutchln S C B% 8% Paauhau S C — 1*
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A.130*il41 (Oceanic S C. \\L 5
Cal F C A. 04&4 — iPac Aug FA 5 —
Cal Wine A. 91% 05^1 Pac C Borxl(J7 —
Jan. 25 — 2 p. m
MONDAY.
Stock and Bond Exchange.
. During the p&st month reports of extensive
"Japanese purchases of war supplies in the
l^titod States have bf<>n current, and generally
rntv# b^en 5Ub?<-<juertly denied. But yestf-r
«;;?>• a wire from New York taid: "Dow Jor.es
*a\> that an intr-raational banker, who has
'received payment from Jai'an for several mll
¦lion tjollarf' worth of war supplies, estimates
.that Jaran's purchases in the United States
; during the part lew weeks amount to _ $20,
¦000.000 in eoois in preparation fur war."
Receipts and Exports of Produce.
•Follow -irx is the Merchants' Exchange
Mat^rhfnt of rerelpte of pr^u^e a t San Fran
ciero from all eources during the past two
- calendar years :
19a*.. 1002.
Floor. cuarJfr rarks 5 . 4*:7 .:»««? 6.V74.214
. -Wheat • «Btal« 3>v.v,»77 ».12t».543
Baxter centals 5.251JW7 5^43,JWB
O*t«T ientali K>6.714 819.115
i*anf, sacks <J4S271 75»i.^20.
Corn cental* ICS.TJ8 14^»»»
live centals 4fi.7*4 3G1.5.S5
f-otato.?. packs 1.314.OT.4 1.301.700
f<r"..rif. farks 176JBO3 73A&B
Bran «-a<-ks tSS4.7S»« «13.584
MWdilnr*. fa-ks If.9.7rt8 217.310
Hay. Una WU491 Km.O24
?Io r ,t:. hales 23.658 14.(!23
. Mus-tard. earks 4.366 4,210
Flaxs*"d sacks 86.61« 97.170
Woo!, bale* «6,6OS 71.760
Th* Ft£t»rner.t civee the exports of Flour and
Cereals from t^ari Francisco by fea during the
past two years as follows:
1903. l»02.
Klrur. barrels R73.1W) l.lSS.»tf.4
Wheat. c»r.ta!s 2.750.525 8.2..7.7X2
Barley, centals 3,y07.O27 G,«37.M>4
O«ts. centals 49.5K7 3>-.416
< , -rn cental* K.40J 35.:?43
Ryt. centals -.^W -01.232
Weather Report.
<12 r ':h Meridian — Pacific Time.)
SAX VUAXCISCO. Jan. 25. 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of same date last
!¦¦:--- and rainfall in last twenty-four hours:
Last ThtV . Last
Stations— 2* hours. Ff-asoK Season.
Eureka 0.00 23. ."2 32.32
Red Bluff 000 13.59 15. 5O
O.«M> 5.20 7.78
Pan FrancUce «>.<>O 7.10 ..53
Kwno O.no 1.44 4.^
Inder^ndence O.«*» 0.42 «.M
San Luis Obispo 0.00 1-90 5.W
Los Arureles «M"O <»-5. 5.0J
San Difgo O-O'-i <»-«3 16
THE COAST RECORD.
-,,-ta °" s. s " *s
5 j- = -o 3
3 =5 3| Zz »o «
.' STATIONS. J If 2 I £ ? « ?- £
? • " • "* ~
• c c '. \ r
Baker "i>.0rt 22 K NW Clear T.
Carson ~0.5<) 38 18 E Clear .00
Eureka 30. 2S r»2 34 N Clear .00
FaraNon :><».I9 5<5 49 N Cltar^. .00
Fresno .'Ki.22 frf? 3« N' Clear .<>0
FlapEtaff rjj».24 30 r E Clear .00
Pocatello :;O.C1 2« 1h E Clear T.
Inrf^j-endenc 3O.2S 5rt 34 NTV Clear .00
Lo.< Ansel^..3f>.l"J 7« 44 AV Cl^ar -<iO
Mt Tamalpais.30.22 48 43 NB Clear .00
North Head... 30. 56 44 36 SE Pt.Cldy .02
Phoenix 30.14 6K 32 W Oear Lt.
Poirt Reyes.. .». 17 5<* 47 NW Clear .00
Portland SO..V? HS 36 "VV Pt.Cldy .01
Red ElufT :>.(». 2« iS 46 N Clear .t>0
Rosfburg vnt.fA S4 2S RW Cloudy ¦ .00
gacramT.to . .30.22 '-C 40 E Clear .<X)
6«lt Lake SO.«yi 2<5 l*i \X~ Clear T.
Ean Frar.cisco.30. «4 fiO 44 NE Clear .r-O
S L. OUtfO.JS6.l2 W "M X Clear .00
fzn Diego*,.. P.O. 10 f,6 46 NW Clear .00
Prattle 30M 40 V.n SE Pt.Cldy .00
Spokane 3<>.44 22 20 SVl" Cloudy .01
Tatoosh ."H>.50 42 3K FV\" Kain -IS
Walla Walla. .3<». 46 44 :V> 85 Cloudy .00
V."innemu'-ca ,"0.r«6 06 ft SE Clear .00
Vun.a. 30.18 C« 41 N Clear .00
V.XATIIEU CONDITKiNS AND GENERAL
•;.*•-: FORECAST.
. Cloudy weather prevails over Washington
and Oregon and fair weather o\-er the re
mainder cf the Pacific Slope.
An area of uncusually high pressure overlies
ICkYo and Eastern Orr-sron.
The tPTnrpfraturp has fallen over Eouthrrn
l"tJih. Northern Arizona ar1 Southeastern Cali
fornia: rlst'-vhrrc the char.gfs have been slight.
A wind cf thirty ml!»s r^r hour from the
north is repelled from Yuma.
Forc^ajt rr.a<*.e et Pah FrsnciFco for thirty
hour* endtr.g rr.i«ini«rht. January 26:
Northern . California — Fair Tuesday; lipht
northtrly wind.
Southern • California— Fair, colder Tuesday;
br!;k northerly wind.
N(:V**a— Fair Tueyilay.
fsin Francisco and vicinity— Fair Tyrsday;
ll«:h: northerly •wind.
G H. WILL6ON. I>oca! Fon^aat^r.
Temr-orarily in charge.
MONDAY. Jan. 23 — I p. mi
. . Bid. Ask. 1 Bid. Ask.
iinha 0* 10 Justice OS 10
A lt a 11 IS Kentuck . 04 05
Andes ... 31. 33|Key«i Graes.. — 1 75
Belcher ..:... 33 34, Lady Wash.. — 07
Best & Belch.l «3 1 75, Mexican I €i I 70
Bullion 07 to; Occidental ...1 00 1 10
Caledonia ... 91 92 Ophlr 4 10 4 15
Challenge Con 25 2S, Overman .... 2«l 2T
Chollar 23 25 Potosi 22 24
Confidence ...1 10 1 13iSavas« 52 55
Con C * Va.l 55 1 60 Scorpion «tt 05
Con Imperial, ttt 04 ! Peg Belcher.. 07 09
Con NY 06 CS, Sierra Nev .. (53 «7
Crown Potnt. Zl 2.V Silver Hill ..61 «5
Ea«t Sierra N C5 M St Louis .... — 20
Eureka Con.. — 50 Syndicate 04 ©6
Exchequer ... IT 20 Union Con . . 82 A3
Gould & Cur. 35 M Utah IS 14
Hale & Norc 75 SO Yellow Jacket 43 44
Julia 04 C«
TONOPAH MINES.
B!d.Ask.! Bid. Ask.
Colehan — 17 > Ray & OBrien — 10
Eaperanza ... - |;1; Rescue C5 Ort
Gold Anchor. 11 23, Ton Belmont. 65 67
Hannapah ... — 55 Ton & Cal... — 24
Hannapnh Mu — 22; Ton Ext»n ..50 <H>
T.uckv Tom...- — W Ton Fraction. — 45
MacNaniara . 11 13' Ton or Nev.5 37% 6 25
MUpah Ex .. 25 — (Ton N Star.. Xt 34
Mon' Ton.-l » 1 37«i|Toa Midway.. « 42
N Y Ton — 05 Ton Suwlor. — 50
Paymaster ... — 1<V United Ton - . — 10
Ray Exten .. — 23'
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
500 Cent Eureka. SO, lft> Ton Belmont. K*
40O Evelyn 25, 40© Ton Midway. .42
1482 Mont Ton ..1 33i SCO Ton N Star.. 33
Afternoon Session.
80O Evelyn ¦ 23 SOO Rescue- 0«
500 Hannapah .. 92 4CO Ton Belmont. B7
SCO Hannapah .. 25 200 Ton Extension H5
POO Mont Ton . .1 35|l2< 0 Ton Midway. 33
10O Paymaster .. lOjlCf-0 Ton Midway. 40
1C0O Ray & O'E.. 10; 2C0 Ton N Star.." 04
Morning Session.
Following were th» sales on th« San Fran
cisco *r.d Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
20O Belcher 31 1 ICO Mexican ...1 K4
10O Belcher 32 1 2CO Mexican 1 *5
100 Con C * Va.l *0i 20O PotosJ 23
10O Con C & V.I 574-i -VH> Sliver Hill .. 63
200 Crown Point. Mi 300 Utah 13
1000 Alpha Ccn .. 10; 130 Ophlr 4 5O
4C0 Andes 37" 13O Ophlr 4 33
SCO Andes 3« ICO Ophir 4 1O
20O Belcher 33 ; 3OO Overman .... 29
300 Bullion •»' 10O Overman .... 27
100 Caledonia ... 95 4iT0 Potosi S3
10.0 Chollar 25 5.10 gavajc M
300 Con C & Va.l •'<» 150 Savage 5»
4CO Con C & Va.l 55 2<*> Savage 0«
10O Con C & V.I 574 3CO Scorpion 05
ICO Confidence .1 fi24 ICO Sierra Nev .. e»
10O Confidence ...1 10 . ICO Silver Hill .. «7
&no Con N T »">( 20O Union Con .. S*
3C0 Mexican 1 «0| 7C0 Utah 13
10O Occidental ...I 00 1 200 Yellow Jacket 42
100 Ophlr 4 40 100 Yellow Jacket 43
50 Ophlr 4 55|
Afternoon Session.
Morning Session.
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the /ales on the Paciflo
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Afternoon Session.
20O Andes 32 10<> Crown Point. 24
300 Belcher 33 500 Kentuck t>4
100 Caledonia ... 91 200 Mexican .;...l «3
100 Caledonia ... 92 200 Oohlr 4 15
100 Challenge Con 25| 100 Ophlr 4 10
100 Con C & Va.l 60 j 400 Overman .... 27
400 Con C & Va.l 69 700 Union Con .. 83
500 Con Imperial. 03 100 Utah 14
200 Confidence ...1 15
1C0O Andes 37! 200 Occidental ... 70
200 Bullion 08 5OO Overman .... 2«
2i»O Caledonia ... 90 500 Overman .... 27
2OO Challenge Con 24 10O Ophlr 4 6O
2f«» Challenge Con 23 200 Ophtr 4 55
550 Con C & Va.l 60 1 100 Potosi 23
2t)O Confidence ...1 C5 2C0 Sierra Nev .. 68
SCO Gould & Cur. 30 200 Silver Hill .. l»
1DO Mexican 1 75 200 I'nion Con .. 87
200 Mexican 1 80i 500 Union Con -. 8«
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco ciock, and Exchange Board yesterday;
Morning Session.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
An assessment of $1 per share was delin
quent yesterday on the capital stock of the
Mutual Electric Light Company.
The Visalla Fruit and Land Company has
levied rn assessment of $15 per share, delin
quent February 27.
The comparative statement of the earnings
of the Oakland Transit Consolidated Company
tor December shows an fncrease in gross
earnings of $15.113 49; earnings over expenses
increased $7770 94, and surplus $(Ht50 S7. For
the twelve months ended December 31. 1903.
gross earnings increased J191.17C 19; earnings
ever expanses $lM*,45t! H>. and surplus In
creased $110,e!>!> 69, or over 444 per cent.
Trading was fair on the Stock and Bond
Exchange, but the only fluctuations worthy of
note were weaker pi«ces for Gas and Elec
tric at $5Sft 5J* 25, a recovery In Alaska Pack
ers to $140, and an advance In Giant Powder
frrm $03 to Hi I and a subsequent falling back
to $03. Among the unlisted securities $900o
United Railroad 4a sold at $S0 50 and $loOO
Sunset Telephone l>s at *113 50. There was
nothing new in the oil or mining stocks.
Ex-dividend yesterday: The California In
surance Company, 15c. The Bell Telephone
Company paid, a regular quarterly dividend
of 1 4 per cent. The Homestake Mining Com
pany of South Dakota a regular monthly divi
dend of 2.V.
* .*.
Fair Movement in Local Stocks
and Bonds.
STOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO, Jan. 25.— Extremely cold weather |
gave rise to apprehension among wheat traders i
that damage to the growing plant was prob- !
able. As a result of these fears there was an j
urgent demand from shorts at the opening, j
May was ?i@K >c to l®14c higher at 91%@
924c. Little wheat was offered at the etart !
and the price rose to 92%c. But at this fig- i
ure the wheat began to come out. The sell- j
ing was Increased by later Liverpool cables,
which showed some weakness, and also by tha
large world's shipments. The climax . was
reached on heavy selling by brokers wh6 .were
said to b«' acting for the Armour interests.
In consequence of this charge of front of the
present leading holder the market started to !
break. On the down-turn a great many stop- j
loss orders came Into the pit and hastened the i
decline. Enormous quantities were thrown j
upon the market, the big long alone being
credited with disposing of anywhere from one
and a half to seven million bus>hels. .When ;
the pressure to sell had subsided May was 1
down to 89c, a drop of 3%c from the high
point. Shorts became active buyers on the
decline and the demand from this source ail- i
vanced the price one cent. More wheat came (
out. however, on the bulge, and another re- }
action followed. The close was weak, with 1
May 2 rents under Saturday's close at SJ>%® •
K»4c. The July delivery was relatively firmer.
After opening %@4c to 1V«@1V4c higher at
82^. to M*,e. the price advanced to S3*4c but
then declined to 81 4c, a losg of 2%c. The
close was %c lower at SlVS681%c
In the face of the big break In wheat the
corn market showed surprising strength. May
opened i*<S?i;c higher at 49^c to 40%c, gold
up to .VJHc and after reacting to 4S%c closed
at 494c.
m There was a good demand for oats through
out the entire session, offerings being well
taken, until near the close, when selling he
came too liberal fcr the demand. May
opened 4c higher at 42>ic. advanced to 42>'*c
and after declining to 41 R Ac closed at 4134c!"
The feature In provision trade was liberal
purchases of lard by an outside concern. As
a result of thic demand prices showed good
gains. There waf considerable realizing on the
advance, but the close was 6trong with May
Pork up 15c; lard was 15«J174c higher and
ribs were 74c higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High. Low! Close!
Wheat, No. 2 — I
May 92% V2% 89 S9V, !
July s:;->4 83% si 14 81%!
September 7S 1 /' 784 77 77 Vi '
Corn. No. 2— "
January .... .... 45% |
May .V>4 604 . 4ST4 49«,
July 48 -1SV4 474 47N, .
Oats. No. 2 — ' ;
May 424 424 41 % 41%
July 37*4 37*4 374 3714
September 3."4 33>g 32?i 32%,
Meps Pork, per bbl —
January 1,3:50 i
Mav 13 40 13 55 13 374 13 474 I
I^ird. per 100 lhi=—
January 7 27 4 7 30 7 27 V. 7 30
May 7 374 " S3 7 374 7 524
Ju'.y 7 60 7M 7 474- 7 65
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs— , •
January 6 524 C R2^ <! 52'// 6 52U
May <1 75 6 85 6 75 6 S24
July 6 S5 0 924 0 85 6 924
Caph quotations were as follows: Flour dull !
and steady: No. 3 spring wheat. 755?sr>c; No. 2
red. 8fi©0*ttc;-No. 2 corn. 4.-.*,c: No. 2 yel
low. 47c: No. 2 oats. 3» '-i ©.TO »4 c ; No. 3 white. '
::si/ 2 «j:w«ic; No. 2 rye, 55VJC; good feeding !
barley. 3*«/"0e: fair to choice malting. 4tji?£ I
57c; No. 1 OaUMd. $1 08; No. 1 Northwest- I
em. $1 19: prime timothy need, $3 25; mess :
pork, per barrel. $1.1 40«il3 50; lard, per 100 !
lbs, $7 254(7*7 30; short ribs fides <Ioobp), $rt 50 '
ffitt 75; short clear sides < boxed). $0 874*5) 1
7 124: whisky, basis of high wines. $1 27;
clover, contract grade, -$11 25.
Articles — Receipt*. Shipments.
Flour, barrels .'J2.4OO 8,500
Wheat, bushels 103,500 41,100
Corn, buohels 171.200 125.300
,Oat.«. bushels 202.0tX> Sn.ltOO
Rye. buHhCls 7.C0O 2.30O
Barley, bushels 72.400 8,300
- On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was dull and steady; creamery. 15®
21c; dairy. i:;*il9c: eggs excited and Btrong
at 27{?;Jlc; cheese steady at 10@10 ! ,ic.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — March. May.
Opening 6 44 6 2T4
Closing 6 3% 0 2*4
PARIS.
Wheat— -Tan. May-Aug.
Opening 20 00 21 20
Closing 20 90 21 25
Flour —
Opening ..29 00 2S <W
Closing 29 CO 28 70
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO. Jan. 25. — CATTLE — Receipts,
20,000; steady to strong; gooil to prime steers.
$4 OOffiS C5; poor to medium, $3 25(JT4 60;
utockers and feeder*. $2@4; cows. $1 50^4;
heifers. $1 75@4 50; oanners. $1 50@2 45; bulls,
$2(94; calves. $3@4 10.
HOGS— Receipts to-day. 42,000; to-morrow,
'35.000: steady to strong; mixed and butchers',
S4 90®5 10; good to choice heavy $5 05<g3 bo
rough heavy. $4 S5(ff5 05; light, $1 COS5; bulk
of enles." $4 S5@5 05.
SHEEP— Receipts.- 20,000; sheep and lambs
steady; good to choice wethers. $4 10@4 r»0;
fair to choice mixed. $3 25©4; Western Bheep,
$3 50(gi 35: native lambs. $4 50(50; Western
lambs. $4 1504 95.
Chicago Grain Market.
Silver was «ic lower. Exchange stood the
same.
The America Maru took out for Hlogo a
treasure list of $11,500 In silver bullion.
The steamer Korea brought 3.4C0.0C0 Jap
anese gold yen from Yokohama, consigned to
the following Institutions: Hongkong and
Shanghai Banking Corporation, l, COO. 000; An
glo-Californlan Bank (Limited), 1,500.000, and
International Banking Corporation. 400.000. The
total value of these shipments is $1,658,125.
: Sterllni; Exchange, sixty days — $4 81 '
I Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 »o% j
1 Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 87% '
-New York Exchange, sight — 124 I
! New Ycrk Exchange, telegraphic. — 15 1
Silver, per ounce — 55
i Mexican Dollars, nominal 45 6 46
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT — The foreign markets continued |
about a* before. Chicago declined from 91%c i
to f*9e an.l recovered to S94c. Dullness of j
cables, large world's shipments and liberal re
ceipt* cixiftitutfHl a very h.>nrl«h position. Ar
mour was a heavy seller of May and long
Wheat came cut on stop orders. Minneapolis
reported purchases of 3.W.00O burhels from ele
vators during the past three days.
This market ruled firm, but quotations
showed little variation.
CASH WHEAT.
California Club. $1 3Sa;@i <24; California
- White Australian. $1 4501 50; Northern Club.
\ H .'.S^il 41 V«: Northern Bluestem $1 47V.0.
! 1 50; Oregon Valley. $1 40. . '
FUTURES.
Session 0 to 11:30 a. m.
May— No sales, $1 37% bid, $1 38H asked.
2 p. m. Session.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May *1 3SV& «1 3S»i $1 SS $138
BAP.LEY — The week opened with an advance
In futures, but the cash grain showed no
change and was very quiet. The market does
not respond to the dry weather, much to the
surprise of operators.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed. $1 07401 11V4: Shipping and Brew-
Ing. $1 1501 174; Chevalier. $1 17H@1 40 for
fair to choice.
FUTURES.
Session 0 to 11:30 a. m.
. Open. High. Low; Close.
May $1 O7>4 $107% $1 07'i tl 01%
2 p. m. Session.
May— No sales. $1 07% bid. $1 OS asked.
OATS — Are still quiet at the familiar quo
tations, with ample offerings and the receipt of
a fair-slzod line from the north.
! White. $1 20®l 35;. Black. $1 25@1 55; Red.
! $1 'JO-fil 82tt for feed and $1 25@1 35 for seed;
I Grays. $1 324 per ctl.
I CORN— Prices are about 2^0 higher, with
, a firm market.
i Western facked. $1 274®1 30 for Yellow.
Jl 27 4@1 30 for White and (I 25 for :
¦ Mixed: California large Yellow, $1 35; small '
! round do SI 40^1 r*): White. $1 35 per ctl:
Egyptian. $1 45®1 55. for white and $1 25 for
browi.
RYE~$1 25<3l 30 per ctl. A demand from
! Sealtle and Portland has lately developed, and
' yesterday's receipts of 1300 ctls were reported
' destined for these points.
! BUCKWHEAT—*! 75(82 per ctl.
Exchange and Bullion.
J^OCAL MARKETS.
Flour, qr sks .. 3,37eiScreenings. sks. 2C0
Wheat, ctls 2.2'JO Tallow ctls ... 229
Barley ctls 2.500 Pelts No. .... 195
Corn West, ctls COO Hides. No 152
Rye. ctls 1.3; Oj Sugar, ctls 1.5C0
Beans, sks 1.193iQuicksllver. flics «3
Potatoes, sks . . 4,425 Leather, rolls . . 178
Onions, sks . . . ."-10 Wine, gals 63.800
Bran sks 250 Raisins, bxs . . «00
Middlings, sks.. 200 Ume. bbls 543
Hay. tons 705 Brandy, gals . . 400
Feed, sks 50! Paper reams .. 1.1C6
WASHINGTON.
Flour qr sks . . 4,530; Bran, sks 120
Wheat, ctls .... U.C50 Hops bales ... 255
Oate, ctls 4.C00 Shorts, «ks ... 1,250
EASTERN.
Flour, or sks . . 2,000!
FOR MONDAY. JANUARY 25.
Receipts of Produce.
WASHINGTON
TACOMA. Wath.. Jan. 25. — Wheat 4c
lower; blue stem, 79c; club, 75c.
PORTLAND. Or.. Jan. 25.— Wheat— Walla
Walla, 73c; blue stem. 7Sc; valley, 78@S0c.
OREGON,
Northern Wheat Market.
APPLE!? — ?1 6r»gl 75 per box for extra
fancy. $1 25$1 50 for ordinary fancy, 75ct?$l
for choice anil 40<5(!5c for common.
PEARS — Winter Nellls from cold storage.
51 75<p2 ner box.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. $1 50@2
per box for fancy, fl 25^1 75 for choice and
"5cff$l for standards; Seedllnes. r>Ocffl?l :
Tangerines. 50cg$l per box; Lemons. 51 75
#2 f.O for fancy. $1 25@1 50 for choice and
75cS$l for standard: Grape Fruit. * 1/! ?'J: Mex
ican Limes. $4©4 50; Bananas. 75cf?$l 75 per
bunch for Hawaiian and $2S2 50 for Central
American: Pineapples. $T 50Q2 50 per dozen.
A firm feeling still prevails in the Apple
market, although trading is less active and
receipts are commencing to show a slight in
crease. Strictly tancy and trashy stock are
pretty well cleaned up. but supplies or medium
priced stcck are, ample, though not heavy.
Fine Newtown Pippins, packed in 34-tler
boxes, are very scarce and readily command
full figures. A carload of the Ben Davis va
riety arrived from Medford. Or., and met with
a fair Inquiry at $1 ir>'«yl 25 per box. Another
car is exutcted from the same source to-day.
Supplies of Winter Nellls Pears in coldstoraKe
are liberal. but ! they_ have to be carefully re
packed, which, with the cost of storage, neces
sitates the asking of high prices in the mar
ket. The demand at best is fair and the daily
withdrawals from storage are light. • ¦
Notwithstanding the warmer weather, which
*t-*med to encourage some - dealers, trade in
Oranges and other 'Citrus fruits in the open
market was very quiet. In the auction rooms
there was some demand for large size Navels
for shipment to Honolulu, which accounts for
the wide range in prices. Ten cars. Including
two of fancy Redlands fruit, were *old as fol
lows: Extra fancy, $1 30@2 30; ordinary fancy,
$1 1BQ1 80; choice. 90cij$l 00; standards. 4l>c«
$1 30 Out of the two cars of extra fancy fruit
23 boxes of Otis brought (2 30 and 63 boxes
$2 25. The highest price obtained for the bal
ance of the two cars was $1 85.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
The situation in Eggs remains as at the close
of the week. There is a good demand for
store Eggs, which Is keeping thi3 description
well cleaned up and firm. The demand for
ranch Eggs is very fair and quotations are no
lower.
Receipts were 39.000 lbs Butter. 944 cases
Eggs pnd 32CO lbs Cheese.
BITTTER— Creamery. 28$SlC for extras and
2C@2Sr fgr . seconds; dairy, lS@22c; store But
ter nominal; cold storage. ittftTJc per lb for
ordinary and 224«24c for extras.
CHKESK — 10?ni4c for good to choice new
and 7> i >#0 1 4c for lower grades; Young Amer
icas. ll@12c: Eastern. 15@lt3c; Western, 143
15c per lb.
EGGS— Ranch. 224025c for choice to fancy
and i."c for small and mixed colors; store,
225J23-:; cold utorare. lS(@19c.
The cards ! sent out offerine Chtese at con
cessions are meeting with very little response,
as all the markets en the coast seem to be
well supplied, and the principal ones are choked
with the goods. The market Is weak, but no
lower.
Butter opened the, week firm, with light
stocks of fine creamery and some houses re
porting sales at higher quotations.
Butter ¦, Cheese and Eggs.
BOSTON STOCKS A"XD BONDS.
Money— \Vmtin* Com .... S3
Call loan? 3 i&4'i Mining-
Time Joans 4Vi€?5 Adventure 2W
Bonds — Allouez . ." 44
Atchison 4* 3S»4 Amal Copper 5O?i
Mex Cent 4s «<4 Elnsham 23>4
Railroads— I Calumet & Hecla.4. r >0 •
Atchison «'S4 Centennial 151^
Do pfd 91 Vi Copper Range . .. 45U
Boston & Albany.2J5',j Daly West 3434
Boston & Malne.lfM Dom Coal ct
IJoxton Elev J4O Franklin 8%
N" Y. N H Sc.-H..19H% Islo Koyalo S^
¦FltchburB pfd l.*SC 1 Mohawk ...374
ITnion Pacific S0>41 Old Dominion 104
M<-x Central ..... 124jOsceola CO
Miscellaneous — Parrot 22%
Amer Susar 123 iQulncy 05
U S rcf 2s reg ..105U Louis & N uni 4s. 09
Do coup 1C5V4 Manhattan c.g 4sJKy^
lio X* reg 100 Mexican Cent 4s. 70
Do coup 107 Do 1st iUC ....15
Do new Is r*g.Va% Minn & St L 4s. O7«4
t>o w.up 1-:3V« M. Ki-.Tls.;;...97%
Do oM 4g reg.1074 Do- 2ds ....... hO%
Do coup 107U X H. R of M c 4s., 7U'^
Do Sfl reg 101 14 N Y Cent g 3>^s. OS
Do coup 10114 N J Cent B .">».. lol
Alch sf-n 4s 9S=U Northt-rn Pac 4S.1034
D-» a-JJt 4» H'J% Do 3i 7?.
Atlantic C L 4s. 84 Nor & W c 4s.; 97>/4
Iialta & O 4s ..l<rj O S I. 4* & Par. 84 4
Do,3'-is 04«i Penn conv 34s.. 09%
C^nt of Ga 5s.. 10ti4( Reading Gen 4s.. 964
Do 1st !ne 714JSt I* & I M c 53.113
Chh a o t4s..i(«<jij« l ft s F tg is. 6S%
CM & Alton Z Vis. 704 IKt L S \\ lsts... 03%
«: n & Q I, if. 833fct8eatoanl A L 4s. 67
r. M & S P k 4y.l*i9 Southern P«o 4s.. S3«
Chi i- N W c 7B.131H Kouthrrn Ry 5.-..U3T4
C R I fc V H P. Is 71% T*-x & Pac lsts.ll«4
Do col 59 K2'4 Tol St L & W 4s 72V4
CCCABLcls 97 Union Pac 4s .\.lKi
Chi Term 4s SI 14 /) o conv 4s ... 07%
Con Tobacco 4s .. 00>4 U S Steel 2d 5s. 74'4
Colo & Fo 4s SO Wabaeh l«t« 115%
Denver & R G 4s. OS Do Deb B .... eoti
Erie prior lien 4s. as Whc*l & L E 4s t>o(i
Do Gen 4* .... SOU WU Cent 4s .... 90
Ft W & D C 1sts.1O4 Cole F & I c Os. 73
Hocking Val 4»As.lO5
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY.
NEW YORK. Jan. 25.— American Can. com
men. hid 54 .57 4, asked $4 50; preferred, bid.
*37. asked $38.
NEW YORK BONDS.
steady; l*i©2 per cent; closing bid. l»i: of
fered at 2 per cent. Time loans, firm;' sixty
and ninety days. 3@3^4 per cent; six months,
4 r*r cent.
Prime mercantile paper — l*i@5Vi p«r cent.
Sterling exchange — Easier, with actual busi
ness in bankers' bills at $4.85 for demand and
at $4.8330'i?4.S335 for sixty day bills.
Tosted rates— S4.S3>i©4.S4 and $4.86'i@4.S7.
Commercial bills— $4.82v».
Bar silver — 55c.
Mexican dollars — t2e.
Government bonds — Irregular; railroad
bonds, irregular.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks — Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchison 25.000 70 (&4 68%
Atchiscn pfd 3,100 92» B 01% 91
Baltimore & Ohio.. 43,000 hi% £3^ S3
Bait & Ohio pfd .. 100 91 91 90i-i
Canadian Pacific .. 5.800 120V» 119% 119 '
Central of N J : 160
Chesapeak & Ohio 1,300 35 34»i 341^
Chicago & Alton.. 300 37 T i 37a« 3"5i
Chi & Alt pfd .. 700 S4V4 Wt, *>1?4
Chi & Great West .. . COO 17S 16'i 16'«
Chi & G W B pfd .... 301a
Chi & Northwest.. 1,900 17OV4 168H ltSS'
Chi Term & trans.. 2iX> 111* 11«« lO 1^
Chi T & T pfd .. SOW 24 i* 24' 23<*
C C C & St Louis 79» a
Colo Southern 1,5<X) lS^j 18 18
Colo South 1st pfd. SOU f-SVi 57*4 57
Cclo South 2J pfd. 3uO 27»* 27 1 * 26»i
Dela * Hudson "-.„ i«3
Dela Lack* & \Ve«t 700 273 272 U 272 K
Den & Rio G pfd 2.200 28 27 'i 27 'i
D.-n & Rio G pfd 2.200 79^ 73*; 73 -
Erie 17.300 28 1'7's 27^
Erie 1st pfd 5,<i00 694 «*»' 69i-
Erie 2d pfd 2,700 i'JVt 4SV4 48U
Great Northern pfd 170
Hocking Valley .. 700 77 75 74U
Hock Valley pfd . . 600 85 84"* 84'
Illinois Central .. 4.300 134 4 133% 133%
Iowa Central . 20»i
Iowa Cent pfd . . . 400 40 7 s 40U 39 '
Kans City Southern '. . 20
Kans C South r'd 37
Louisville & Nash 2.S00 1C9 lus" 107^'.
Manhattan L 3,000 1454 l-»44 1444
Metroj^litan St Ry 900 123 122U 122»i
Minn & rH Louis $5
Missouri Pacific . . 20,400 »5>4 94 94
Mo Kans & Texas. S00 18«£ 17*: 174
Me Kans&Tex pfd 2.300 42Vs 41 ' 40»i
N R R of Mex pfd 200 39*, 394 39
New \ork Central. 3.000 121 =S 120 120
Ncrfolk & Western 3.700 61 4 60& GO
Nor & West ptd ... 57
Ont & Wettern .. 46.000 24>i 2:114 23K
Pennsylvania ,. .. 36.000 122>4 VJ0\, 120»i
Pitts C C & St L. 64
g ead ' n * <3.!>OO 48 <«& 4KVJ
Rradlngr 1« pfd .. 400 HI 80 Ro
Reading 2d pfd .. 1. 000 62 «1 «i
Rock Island Co .. 20.000 25U 24*t "4fi
Ft L-4t P2d-pfd 1.-300 - 49 tj --ifilV 4S
fct Louis Southwest 1,H'K» 16 ' 15 15
st s w pfd U3O0 ;;ci4 34% 3514
It £uUi •:::::: -™ ":* " 5 * »|
Southern Pacific .. 24.5<K) 57V- 5O»4 50%
Southern Railway . 5,600 224 21 *i 21 *i
South Railway pfd 3,700 hi\ 834 83"2
Tc-xa* & Pacific .. 3.4<>0 27% 26\ Htfi;
Tol St L & West 50O 284 S2 274
J.r. on Pacific .... 26.3CO 81% N)»i S04
Lnion Pac pfd ... son mu 90U 8'J'i
Wabash 3.2CO 21% 20% 21
«-2 ba , sh P* d 13 ' r>0 " ¦» 29V * 3»%
Wheel & Lake Erie 2<iO 19 18% 1*4
Central. 2,300 21% 214 21 2
Wi* Central, pfd... 1,000 47^» 47>i 471T
Express Companies —
A iii n.s ............ ..... «>«»^
American "*** *¦*-*" j'JJ^
L'ntt^i states 100 HO . lio" lib
\\tll8-Fargo 205
Miscellaneous —
Amal Copper 5,200 51 'i 50'i 50U
Amer C & F 400 204 lav 1914
Amer C & F pfd... f«f, 714 'oZ 70
Amer Lin Oil 100 11 " 11 jou
Arr.T Lin Oil pfd ••»
Amer Loco .. 2.5Of> i:'ii,i iy" Is*'
Arr.«r I^o<-o pfd 500 79 7SM, 7<Cu
Amer a & Rfg 11.000 ,%0'i iH\ 434
Amer S & Ffg pfd. 1.2«« J7i\ «i 914
Am«>r Sugar Rfg.. JO.UOO 131 % 12<»; l-^J
Anaconda M-n <o. 4<w) 75 75 74
Brooklyn Rap Tran 9,Cn>O 5i)% 494 4314
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 900 31 304 294
Col & Hock Coal.. 200 IJ \i r*
Consolidated Gas .. l.ftfiO I»<i4 lO.vv 1»5««;
Gen Electric 500 17784 177 175
Inter Paper 4.700 U\ l.'jii mil
Inter Paper prd.... OjO C74 66% 07
Inter Pump 33
Inter Pump pfd . ... 72
National Biscuit... 200 39% soti
National Lead ::00 16Vi lfi 154
North American ... 1.4 f <O «', SS Kfl'
Pacific Mail .*VpO 16'* 16 154
People's Gas 30.700 102% fWK 101%
Pressed Steel Car.. 1.S0O 32 .'W>. ."50
Prepg Fteel Car pfd. 200 71 71 70
Pullman Pal Car.. Km 21S 21S 218
Republic Steel 2.100 fie; g fi
n^pub Steel pfd... 1.2<V> 4f> 47'4 47^4
Ruobor Goods 2.90O 21 4 204 2OT4
Rubber Goods pfd. 200 79*4 7*4 79'
Tonn Coal & Iron.. 4.4W 4<> 3f* 39
U S Leather 13.000 hV t 7V 7%
T S Leather pfd... 3.200 79*, 78% 78 ii
D S P.ubber 1.*<W J3\ ISU • 131,4
X' S Hubbrr pfd-... 1.200 M MM, W)X
I' S Pteel 21.300 124 11^ 11%
D p ?tr-»i pfd 4S.000 r>n«4 .'•"%.. r>x
XWftern I'nlon 1.000 8S% R8 jss
Northern Securities. . 02
Total Sale? 7P0.00O
t-NITED P.AILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NKW YORK. Jan. 25.— Bond transactions of
I'n'.tfd Iiailro-ids of San Francisco: 30.OC0 at
$73 874: 15.000 at $79 75.
SEATTLE. Wash.. Jan. 25. — Clearings, $484.
551: balances. $163,190.
; TACOMA, Wash., Jan. 25.— Clearings. $301.
441; balances. $29,SSt ( .. .' ' \ •
PORTLAND. Or.. Jan. 25.— Clearings, $650.
047: balances, $45,752. ¦ ¦
SPOKANE. ¦ Wash- Jan. 25.— Clearings,
$350,004; balances, $34,322.
Northern Business.
LONDON. Jan. 23. — The offerings at the
woor auction sales to-day* were 12.082 bales.
The home buyers purchased large . lines jj of
crossbreds. Americans secured 'a 'few lots of
medium merincs and fine crossbreds. ¦ *"
London Wool Sales.
PRUNES — Showed no fresh developments,
quotations still ranging from 3^a to 'i'^e for
all grades.
APRICOTS— Are in fair demand and firm.
Choice, !t'i(&9V4c; extra choice. 9*4 to 10^c;
fancy. Il*jl5c.
PEACHES — Also are firm. with choice
quoted at 7Vi©7? t c; extra choice, 7*i@Sc, and
iancy, U#10c.
EVAPORATED APPPLr«— Th» market was
easy, with outside figures extreme. Common,
4©«c: prime. oHQSUc; choice, 5V.<at5c; fancy,
COFFEE — Spot Rio. firm. ( No. 7 invoice,
S^e; miid, steady; Cordova, S%iS134c. Cof
fee futures closed steady, with prices 10(520
points lower. Bales. 235.000 bags. Including:
March. 7.0507.75c: May. ".JWfcaS.lOc; July,
8.20!HS.35c; December. S.70SS.85c.
SUGAR — Raw, nominal;" fair refining.
2 27-32c: centrifugal. 96 test. 3 ll-32c; mo
lasses sugar. 2 19-32c. Refined, dull.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK. Jan. ' 25.— Flour— Receipts.
19.4C0 barrels; exports.: 16.S0O^barrels; sales,
ll.SOrt packages. Market dull, but firmly held.
WHEAT — Receipts. 07CH> bushels; exports,
39,994 bushels; sales, -4,300.000 bushels futures.
Spot was easy. No. 2 red, 9<e elevator and
t»5c nominal." f. a b.- afloat; No. 1 Northern
Duluth, 99*,hC f." o. b afloat; No. 1 hard,Mani
toba, nominal, f.' o. b. afloat. Options had a
strong and active opening on a cold weather
scaie and lower consols, followed by reactions
under selling by long^ and talk of bearish
visible supply statement. It broke at midday
on rumors of unloading by the big Chicago
bull leader, the final market being unsettled
and weak at Tfgl^c net decline. Sales in
cluded: No. 2 red May at 91%c; July, S6!i@
SS^c. closed S6V4C. '
HOPS— Firm.
HIDES— Firm.
WOO L— Firm. •
PETROLEUM— Steady.
NezvYork Grain and Produce.
Those Japanese Purchases.
Eastern Oil Market.
OIL CITY. Jan. 25. — Credit balances, $1 85;
certificates, no bid. ¦
NEW. YORK. Jan. 25. — The cotton market
closed steftdy. with the general list .22®44
points higher. ..¦¦-•
New York Cotton Market.
POULTRY — Dressed Turkeys. per lb;
live Turkeys, . 15@17c per lb: Geese, per pair,
$2102 2!>: GoBlings 52S2 25: Ducks. $5 50©6 30
Iper dozen for old and $0 5007 60 for young:
Hens. $6@7 for large and $5®5 GO for small;
young" Roosters. $6«i7; old Roosters. $5® 5 50:
Fryer*. |?>«6; Broilers. $5iH5 50 for large
and SI'S 4 50 for email; Pigeons. SI 25® 1 50 per
'doi!«n fcr old arid «2 ?5S?'<2 50 for Squabs.
GAME — Mallard Ducks, $3<*3 50 per dozen:
Canvasback. $3<§-l; Sprig, $2; Teal. *1 25m 50";
Widgeon. $1@1 25; small Ducks, fl@l 25:
Gray Geese, $3; White Geese, 75c©
$1 25; Brant. $1 25 for small and $2 for large;
Honkers, *4 f.O for large and %'i 50 for small:
EnKllsh Snipe. $3: common Snipe. $1 CO: Wild
Doves, $1 25: Rabbits. *2 for Cottontails and
$1 25 for Brush; Hare, f 1 25.
The Poultry market was liberally supplied
and had an easy tone, as most retailers were
still well stocked with Western fowl purchased,
la«t week.' Two and one-half cars of Western,
Including one "and one-half cars carried over
from Saturday, were on sale. The ruling price
for Western Hens and Roosters was $6 50 per
dozen, against $7 at this time last week. As
Is usually the case on Monday there was no
market for domestic stock and prices were
unchanged and largely nominal. No dressed
Turkeys- came in.'
Game was weak under literal arrivals and a
sluggish demand, and several descriptions were
lower; , •
Poultry and Game.
' ST." LOUIS, Jan. 25. — Wool, steady. Med
ium grades, combing and clothing, 17<f?21c;
light' fine, 15@m*c; s heavy, • fine, 12@14%c;
tub washed, 20@31c.
St. Louis Wool Market.
15 Spring Valley Water b 3 30 75
$2.C0O Sierra Ry of Cal 6 per cent.. Ill 00
Street —
$3,GC0 Market-st Ry 1st con 3s 115 00
California Slock and OilExchange
Oil Stocks — Bid. Asked.
Alma \ .' ....
Apollo 45 4«
Associated Trust Certificates. 17
Altec ....
California Standard 12,
Caribou l 60 2 00
Central Point Con 65 ....
Chicago Crude
Claremont 51
Esperanza 1 5O
Four 70
Fulton 4 CO
Giant
Hanford 140 00
Home 110 1 J15
Imperial
Independence, 13
Junction 15
Kern 4 50 5 •»
Kern River 10 00 .,..
Lion 01
Monarch (of Arizona) 33 41
Monte Cristo 75 &>
Occidental of W Va 13 13
Otl City Petroleum 2S 3ft
I Peerless 14 50
i Plttsburg ....
: Reed Crude 4 50
! S F & McKittrlck ....
San Jcaquln O & D ....
j Senator ?>«
Sovereign 37 40
Sterling 2 «>
I Superior C3 07
Thirty-three R f*> » ••*>
Toltec 18 00 20 00
Twenty-eight * 5O
West Shore 300
Miscellaneous —
Abby Land & Imp 1 30 1 BO
Alameda Sugar 2900.
American Biscuit 75 OO ....
American District Tel ....
Cal Gas & Electric Corp
California Cotton Ml'.la S3 00 95 00
California Jockey Club
California Shipping Co ....
Cal Title Ins & Trust ....
! Central Bank of Oakland ....
j Chutes Company ....
i C"press Lawn Imp Co...; 8 25 ....
; Fischer's Theater 2 25
i Gas Consumers' Assn
'Honolulu Sugar ••-¦
Northern California Power . . 9 00
North Shore Railroad 20 00
Orpheum Company 16 OO ....
: Paclflc States Tel & Tel .... '
Parafnne Paint 35 00 ....
San Francisco Dry Dock ....
Sanitary Reduction Works. 1 50 ....
: Sausallto Land & Ferry ....
i Spcrry Flour Company
I Standard Electric
: Tesla Coal Co S« OO 30 CO
i Truckee Electric — -
Union Sugar ....
United Gas & Electric ....
SALES.
Morning Session.
Board —
1000 Oil City Petroleum 30
600 Associated 19
Afternoon Session.
1 Board —
2C0 Occidental 15
Street—
300 Home, s 10 1 10
Mining Stocks.
ELGIN. 111.. Jan. 25. — Butter ruled firm and
unchanged on tho Board of Trade to-day, be
ing-quoted At 22 cents a, pound. Sales in the
district for the week, 432. 400, pounds.
Eastern Butter Market.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Grain Bags, 5465%c: San Quentln.
5.65c: Wool Bags. ai'@35c; Fleece Twine. 7fcfr
8c
COAL— Wellington. $S per ton; New Wel
lington. $S; Seattle. »0 50; Bryant. $6 SO: Bea
ver Hill. $0; Standard. $7; Roslyn. $7:
Coos Bay $5 50; Greta. $7; Wallsend. $7: Rich
mond, $~ 50: Cumberland. $13 in bulk and
$14 25 In tacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg.
$14; Welsh Anthracite Egg. $1S: Welsh Lump.
$11 60- Cannel $8 50 per ton; Coke. $11 50O
13 per ton In "bulk and $15 In sacks: Rocky
Mountain descriptions. $11 45 per 2000 lbs and
$12 SO per long ton. according to brand.
OILS Quotations are for barrels; for cases,
add 5c Linseed 4Uc per. gallon for boiled and
47c for raw; Castor Oil. in cases. No. 1. 70c;
Bakers' AA $1 10@l 12: Lucol, 44c for bolletf
and 4°c for raw; China Nut. COSTCc per gallon
Cocoanat Oil. in barrels. 58c for Ceylon and 55t
for Australian: extra bleached winter Sperm
Oil We- natural winter Sperm Oil. 75c; «xtra
blenched winter Whale Oil. 63c: natural WhaU
Oil GOc; »xtra winter strained Lard OH. «5c:
Vo' 1 Lard OH. "5c; pure Neatsfoot Oil. 73c;
No' 1 Neatsfoot Oil. C5c flight Herrlntr Oil. 45c;
•lark Herring Oil 43c: Salmon Oil. 3Sc: boiled
FW-h Oil 40c; raw Fl»h Oil. 3Sc; boiled Paint
Oil 35c' raw Point Oil. 33c.
COAL OIL. — Water Whit* Coal Oil
in bulk. 15c: Pearl Oil in cases. 21%e; Astral.
21>/4c- Star 21 '/•<•: Extra Star. tSHe; Elaine.
2TUC* Eocene. 24^c; Dedorlzed Stove Gaso
line in bulk 17c: in cases. 23**e: Benzine. In
bulk 13c- In cases. 19V4c; 86-degree Gasoline,
in bulk 23c: In cases. 31c.
TURPENTINE — SSc per gallon In cases and
K"c In drums and Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. «Hfl«
7c "per lb: White Lead. 6H©7c. according to
«uant»ty.
RICE— China No. 2 $4 35®4 45; No. 1. $5 75
<W5- extra No. 1 $6 25@C 50; Hawaiian, $5 25;
Japan $5 2595 80", Louisiana. $4 30?f* 75.
SUilAK— 'Ihe Western Sugar RetlninB Com
pany quotes aj follows, per lb. In 100-lb bags:
Cubes A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 3.63c;
Powdered, 5.50c; Candy Granulated. 3.50c; Dry
Granulated, fine. 5.40C: Dr- Granulated, coarse.
B.40c; Trult Granulated. 5.40c; Beet Granu
lated (100-ib bags only). 6.20c; Confectioners'
A. 3.40c; Magnolia A. 5c. Extra C. 4.90c;
'Golden C. 4.S0c: "D." 4.70c: barrels. 10c more:
half barrels. 25c more: boxes. 50c more; SO-Ib
bass. 10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half
barrels. 5.D0c: boxes. 6.15c: H. & E. Crystal
Domlnos. S.40c per lb. No orders taken for
lift tlran leTenty-flve barre'- or its equivalent.
'Arrival of Si. 658. 125 in Gold from Japan.
1 : air trading in local Stocks and Bonds.
'Shipment of $11,500 in Silver Bullion to Hiogo.
Wall-street Stocks lozi'cr on the day. Cotton higher.
Silver 7,-Sc lozcer. Exchange rates as before.
. Wheat Futures firm and Barley Futures higher.
Oats steady and Corn somewhat higher.
Some demand for Rye for the north.
Hay and Feedstuff* firm at previous prices.
Beans unsettled, but generally quiet.
Butter firm, Eggs steady and Cheese still depressed.
. No further change in the Provision situation.
' Hops strong, with rising bids for 1904 crop.
Mutton still advancing, owing to short pasturage. Beef firm.
Potatoes and Onions firm. Vegetables steady.
• Poultry and Game in liberal supply and easy. \
Not much change in Fresh or Citrus Fruits.
Wheat. -40.613,000 bushels; Increase, 237.000.
Corn. H.15S.00O bushels; increase, 254,000. Oats.
S 550 00t> bushels; decrease. 80,000. , Rye. 1,
300,000 bushel?: increase. 25.000. Barley, 5,150,
0C0 bushels; decrease. 132.000.
NEW YORK. Jan. 25. — The visible supply
of grains Saturday, January 23, as compiled
by the New York Produce Exchange, was as
follows:
Visible Grain Supply.
Cons for moncyS7 15-16 :N Y Central 124
Do for acct SS j Nor & West 02%
Anaconda 3%] Do pfd 80
Atchison 71*siOnt & West 24
Do pfd 94 U (Pennsylvania .... 62%
Bal & Ohio 86^ Rand Mines...... 9%
Can Pacific 123 Reading 24
Ches & Ohio 36 Do 1st pfd 40^
Chi Great West.. 18 Do 2d pfd 31
Chi. Mil & St P. 151 So Railway 23&
De Beers 20 0 D pfd S7
Den & Rio G.... 23% So Pacific 52%
Do Pfd 73% Union Pacific .... 83%
Erie 29% Do pfd 93
Do 1st pfd 71 U S Steel.. 12&
Do 2d pfd 49^ Do pfd.... 61
111 Central 137>4 Wabash 22
Louis & Nash... 114 Do pfd 42
M. K & Tex..... 18%
Bar silver — Steady, 25>2.d per ounce. ' ¦
Money— 2@2% per cent."
The rate of discount In the open market for
short bills -Is 3 11-16 per cent and for three
months' bills 3>,4@3',i per cent.
Adams Con 10 Little Chief .:... 06
Alice 27 Ontario 6 00
Breece 10 Ophir 4 5o
Bruns Con 05 Phoenix 13
Com Tunnel 0,3 ! Potosr 25
Con Cal & Va... 1 70 Savage 59
Horn Sliver 1 05 Sierra Nev 75
Iron Silver ..... 1 25 Small Hopes' 20
Leadville Con 02 Standard 160
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Do pfd 125 Santa Fe Copper. 1%
Amer Tel & Tel.. 128*4 Tamarack 112
Dom Iron & S... SYt Trinity 4!»
Gen Electric ....178 United States ... 21H
Mas* Electric . . 2.1 Utah 33
Do pfd 79 Victoria :. 3%
T nlted Fruit 08 Winona 7
US Steel... n^ Wolverine - 72tf
Do pfd 50
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
spot closing: at £126 and futures at £126 15s.
In the local market the undertone ruled easy.
with spot ouotcd at $27 75@28 10.-
Copper • also was lower In . London,' spot de
clining Is to £50 2s Od and futures. 17s to
£55 6s 3d. Locally copper was a shade lower.
Lake Is quoted at $12 12>,6®1.1: electrolytic,
?12 u0i?12 75. and casting, $12 5ii4@12 62%.
Lead was Eteady at $4 6004 63, but de
clined Is «d to £11 12s tfd.ln London.
Spelter closed 12s higher In London, but re
mained steady in New York at $1 95©5 05.
Iron closed at 49s 9d In Glasgow and at 42s
in London. Locally Iron was nominally un
changed. No 1 foundry. Northern, quoted at
$15®16: No. 1 foundry, Northern, $11815; No.
1 foundry. Southern, and No. 1 foundry.
Southern, soft, at $13 5O@14 25.
is in good shape for sellers. Receipts do not
cut much figure at present, as there is a good
speculative demand, which keeps the surplus
.down and holds the market steady.' Sweet3 are;
firmer and a car that came in yesterday was'
readily disposed of at 2c per pound. Fine hard
well -keeping yellow Onions are firm, with sup
plies moderate and concentrated in a few
hands. ._ Green Onions have been offering freely
for some days and are In eood request at
steady prices.
Green Peas from Los Angeles were plentiful
and rilled weak at easier prices, but all other
descriptions from that region were in * mod
erate supply and prices were well sustained.
015 and frost-bitten Tomatoes are gradually
disappearing and prices of choice stock are
firmer. There was no Asparagus received.
POTATOES — Burbanks from the river. SOc©
$1 per ctl: Salinas Burbsnks. $1 25(01 60 per
jet!; Oregon Burbanks. $1 20@l 35 per ctl:
River Reds 50@C0c per ctl: Garnet Chiles. 902
.B$l per ctl: Early Rose, 90c©$l per ctl;
Swept Potatoes, $2 per ctl.
ONIONS— Yellow. $1 40@l 50 per ctl; Green
Onions. 50(g«5c per box.
VEGETABLES — Green Peas. 3(g<5c per lb;
String Beans. 10015c per lb: Wax. :
Tomatoes from Los Angeles. 75c(g$l 25 per box
or crate: Rhubarb. 6c per lb: Summer
Squash from Los Angeles. 75c© $ I per box;
Cabbace $1 per ctl: Carrots. 50c per sack;
Hothouse Cucumbers. 75c©'Sl per dozen for
srr.all nnd $1 50<S?l 75 for large: Garlic. 5
flCc rer lb; Egg Plant. 12U0i5c per
lb 1 Dried Peppers 5@Sc per lb for Stock
ton and 11©12%c for southern: Dried Okra.
12 %c per lb: Green Peppers. 5@7c per lb:
Mushrooms. 20025c per lb: Marrowfat and
Hubbard Squash $10«?15 per ton for round
lots and Vj@*ic per lb for sacked.
The following quotations are tor good, sound
Livestock delivered In San Francisco, less 60
per. cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers. 8«Oc; Cows and Heifers.
7®Sc; thin Cows. 4@5c per lb.
CALVES — 404%c per lb (ffroia weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. J^igJ&c; , Ewes. 4&c per
lb (gross weight).
HOGS^fve'Vog's 140 to 180 lbs. SHCS^c;
over ISO lbs 5c; soft Hogs, 4&c; Sows, 20 per
cent off- Boars. 50 per cent off. and Stags. 40
per cent off from above quotations.
Wholesale rates from slaughterer* to dealers
are as follows: .—-.,
BEEF— «%@"tfc tor Steers and «©6^e per
Ib for Cows. *
VEAL— Large. 8@9c: small. 9010c per 1b.
MUTTON— Wethers. 9%@10c; Ewes, 0®9*jc
P "aMB— 10tt<S"c Per 1&. „„,
PORK— Dressed Hogs. <©8*4c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
are yetting scarce owing to short pasturage.
Beef- is. firm, but not yet higher. Hogs are
steady and unchanged.
DRESSED MEATS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 26, 1904.
"Table Potatoes continue to meet with a good
local -Inquiry, at Htoady prices and the market
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Nezv York Metal Marker.
NEW YORK. Jan. 25. — Tin was again weak
In London, losing from £1 7e to £1 10s, with
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
13
AUCTION SALES
A. H. ANDERSON, the Auctioneer
Having aecurad the premises of 19 TURK ST..
NEAR MARKET where he win have a sales-
room that Is unsurpassed, as well as 4C0O
square feet of storage room. Is now prepared
to receive consignments of FURNITURE, etc..
and will buy. sell and exchange UP-TO-DATE
FURNITURE CARPETS. ETC. Lodging-
houses bought, sold and exchanged. Present
ofneo room 2«. 8Ctf Market «t. : tel. Mala 1853.
*\_. Will Close out a lan?« stock of HORSE3.
>-«^» MARES, DONKEYS. CARTS. SUR-
REYS. WAGONS, BUGGIES. SINGLE AND
DOUBLE HARNESS TUESDAY. Jan. 28. U
a. m.. at 1140 FOLSOM ST.
WILLIAM CLOUGH. Auctioneer.
i —
jf\_ AUCTION SALE — »0 HORSES AND
MARES — JO. WEDNESDAY. Jan. 'it.
at 11 a. m.. ARCADE HORSE MARKET. 321
SIXTH ST. Every horse must be as repre-
sented or money refunded. JOHN J. DOYLE.
Auctioneer.Red Eyes "and Eyelids. Granulated
Eyelids and other Eye troubles cured by
Murine Eye Remedy. *
Small Boy Forsakes Home.
Frank McLaughlin, S years old, re
siding at 223 Langton street, walked
into the City Ha 11 Police station last
night and toldUhe desk sergeant that
he wanted to be placed in* a good home
and be given a chance to go to school.
The lad says that his mother beats
him. He was placed in the. juvenile
ward of the Emergency Hospital.
butter you gave me is strong. /Vv"aiter—
That's all right, mister; this is a physi
cal culture cafe.
Andrew Wilbergri 230A Seventh
street, fell from a scaffold while at
work on a building at Sutter street
and S Van Ness avenue yesterday and
suffered a disjocation of his shoulder
blade and serious internal injuries. He
was removed to the Emergency Hos
pital. >
Workman Badly Injured.
The celebration In commemoration
of the one hundred and forty-fifth an
niversary of the birth of Robert Burns
at Scottish Hall last night was a suc
cess in every way. The exercises con
sisted of a concert under the auspices
of bt.. Andrew's Society, followed by a
dance. The address of the evening
was delivered by the Rev. William
ivirk Guthrie, who spoke entertaining
ly regarding Scotland's famous poet.
The programme was as follows:
rJ»;! e ? tion> "A ! L Nicht,wl # Burns," FalrKrievo'i
orchestra; song. "There Was a Ud, 1 , 1 Mr. An
wnTi 'V I ll ; : * (hlT ** e - "Robert Burns." Rev.
AXllliam Kirk Guthrie: sons, "For the Sak»
o Somebody," Miss Marion Cummins: quar
tet, 'Annie Laurie," Ladles' Arcadian Quar-'
tet— Mrs. A. Reinhold Denke. Miss Olga Her
man. Miss Mahelle E. Craljr. Miss Lydla Ster
ling: son*. "Mary Morlson," George St. John
Hremner: recitation.. "The Cotter's Saturday
NlKht. " Mrs. Barrie McKay; song. "Scots Wha
Hae II. t. Rpeedle; duet. "O! Wert Thou
in the CauM Blast." Mies Mabelle E. Cral*.
Mlss/Olga Herman; sons. "A Highland Lad."
i>lis« Marlon Cummlng; trio, "O Willie BreWd
a Peck o f Maut." A. McNair. : William Pal
naves, ir. T. Speedie: song:. "Auld Lanf
Syne," Thomas G. Altken.
Rev. William Kirk Guthrie Talks of
Scotland's Famous Poet Before
St. Andrew's Society.
BIRTH OF ROBERT BURNS
FITTINGLY COMMEMORATED
ADAMS' Irish Moes Cough Balsam th« safe.
« - st;s5SsnjcT "aos '*<2Z *ajna p»3)aBj«na pu« ejns
This week 25 per cent reduction on
every heater in stock. San Francisco Gas
•nd Electric Company. 415 Post street. •
Servians Will Celebrate.
The members of the Servian colony
of this city are preparing for the.an
nual'celebration of the feast of the Ser
viant patriot, San Sava, at Lodge Hall
on Polk street to-morrow "night.
The Duke of Northumberland has of
fered a^ site and a donation of £1000
toward»a new infirmary at Alnwick.
A reception and banquet was given
at Union Square Hall last Saturday
evening in honor of Masayoshi Ota,
who has just returned from a visit to
Japan in the interest of his country
men. •,-.>-. ¦-'¦
Banquet to Miisayoshi Ota.
Cures Colds the World Over.
LAXATIVE BROMO QUININE. To ret th<
genuine, call for the full name. 25 cents. •
The suit of H. M. Nuckolls against
the College of Physicians and Sur
geons was taken under advisement by
Judge Seawell yesterday. It is an ac
tion . to recover pay . alleged by the
plaintiff to be due him for services as
demonstrator in the dental depart
ment of the college. The suit is op
posed on the ground that Professor
Nuckolls neglected his duties. The
amount involved is $450.
Pemonstrator Sues for Salary.
Borne very gwell wedding: invitations coma
from Knowles. 24 Second street. Main 898. •
PUEBLO, Colo., Jan. 25.— Mrs. M. C.
Haug, who was drugged and robbed
in San Francisco, is not the wife of a
Pueblo attorney, as stated, and so far
investigation does not show that any
one by that name ever lived here.
Not Known in Pueblo.
The committee in charge of the ar
rangements for the annual ball of the
postofflce clerks at .Native Sons' Hall
next Saturday evening, January 30,
has about completed arrangements
and looks forward to a grand success.
A special invitation has been extend
ed to Postmaster Arthur G. Fisk, and
he, together with other chief officials,
has signified his intention of being
present. Very novel decorations have
been arranged for, the features of
which will be kept secret -until the
night of the ball. ;
An excellent orchestra has been en
gaged and all those attending are as
sured, they will enjoy a very pleasant
evening.
The following is the committee of
arrangements: John J. McNaughton
(chairman), L.. Leibscher, James E.
Power, Frank Haas', W. E. Murphy,
A. Imbrie, H. Caveny, John L.. Sulli
van, Warren King and William Mo
Leod.
Committee In Choree Promises a Good
Time to All Who Attend
the Affair.
PEIiSOXAFi MENTION".
Dr. J. P. Stewart of Frankfort, Ky.,
is at the Rus*. '
State Senator Thomas Flint Jr. and
wife are at the Palace.
J. F UlxEon, a railroad man of
Fresno. 5s at the Grand.
George S. Nixon, a banker of Winne
mueea. Xev., is at the Palace.
John Finnell. a nromincnt rancher
of Tehama County, is at the Palace.
William Pierce, a capitalist of
Suisun. and wife are at the Palace.
J. K. MrCormack, a banker of Pa
lous. Wash., and wife are at the Lick.
S. G. Freshmann, treasurer of the
Sierra Railway, returned yesterday
from a business trip to New York and
is staying at the Palace.
Rev. and Mrs. H. II. Powell of
Santa Clara. Rev. A. S. Clark of Stock
ton and Rev. C. O. Tillotson and wife
of Santa Cruz registered at the Occi
dental yesterday.
J. F. Arnot of London, representing
the British bondholders of the Royal
Consolidated mine of this State, ar
rived at the Palace yesterday. He
is here to look over the property.
Californians in Washington.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 25. — The fol
lowing Californians are here: At the
JCew Willard — Gavin JlcXab, of San
Francisco. At the Shoreham — J. E.
Thayer, of San Francisco; J. H. Quin
lon "and wife, J. B. Llppincott and
wife, of Los Angeles.
Writ is Granted Garnett.
Attorney Grady. representing Alex
ander Garnett, charged with the mur
der of Major McClung, appeared be
fore Superior Judge Seawell yesterday
and asked for a writ of habeas corpus
on behalf of his client. Judge Seawell
granted the writ and made it return
able before Superior Judge Cook on
February S. The w-rit was applied for
on the ground that the preliminary
hearing of Garnett was irregular and
that the evidence introduced was in
sufficient to hold him to answer for the
crime.
Guest of Honor at a Dinner Given at
Occidental Hotel by His Old
Railroad Associates.
A farewell dinner was given at the
Occidental Hotel last evening by the
representatives of the local passenger
departments of the various railroad's
to Frank E. Batturs of the Southern
Pacific Company,- who leaves to-day
for New Orleans, where he is to enter
upon the duties of assistant general
passenger agent of the Atlantic sys
tem of the Harriman road. Between
sixty and seventy attended the func
tion, over which S. F. Booth of the
Union Pacific Company presided as
toastmaster. The toasts of the even
ing were as follows:
•'Our Guest," a Rood fellow, made for good
things. H. K. Gregory; "The Passenger," is
he pood for anything other than his money?
Phil K Gordon; "Our Competitors," have they
any rltht to any. business or anything else?
G. W. Arbuckle: "The Press and the Kail
road," Hubert K. Hunt; "Tips From a Fas
senper Man." B. O.. McCormicU; '•'The Good
Fellow Himself." Frank K. Battura.
The dinner lasted until nearly mid
night and closed with the railroad
men gathering arourfu" their honored
guest and wishing him godspeed on
his journey and success and happiness
in the Crscent City. Among those
present were:
B. O. McCormick T. H. Goodman Sam M.
Ewine. Hubert E. Hunt. B. A. llarnett. C. A.
Rutherford. Henry Avila, II. R. Judah. H. K.
Gregory, C. D. Dunnan, C. Lincoln L. F.
Cockroft. A. H. Abbott. J. W. Adams, E. S.
Blair George L. Bradley. H. A. Buck S. F.
Booth. C. W. Colby. e.^C. Crane. W. II. Dav
enport G. W. Fletcher. W. G Gardiner, P.
K. Gordon. G. W. Hallack. F.' O. Hatch, A.
C. Hilton. J. R. Keith. D. "W. Hitchcock. C.
E. Stokes A G. D. Kerrell, G. W. Uppman,
J S Macabe K. E. Wade. William McMur
ray.' Joseph Mellroy. E. A. Mudgett, G. M.
Nave, E E. Penn. F. W. Prince, W. J. Shot
well. M. M. Stern. A. P. Stewart'. C. D. Tay
lor. F W. Thompson, X- n. Tilley P. F.
Lund *W. T>. Ranborn. F. §. Judah. L. A.
Hasy F W. Sherwood, J. F. Hlx£on. H. .TV.
Franc*. R. S. Andrew?, O. T. Forsyth. G. A.
Parkyns. J R. Gray. Paul Ehoup. C. J. Jones.
B. R Holton. G. \V. Luce, G. W. ArbucklB,
Charles Clifford.
Abandoned Infant Found.
Patrolman Lycette found a girl baby
about 4 days old in the front yard of
California Confinement Hospital, 2012
Folsom street, late last night. The
hospital officials refused to 1 accept the
waif, so it was given in charge of the
matron at the Emergency Hospital.
State Claims an Estate.
Garoutte & Goodwin, on behalf of
the State, yesterday filed an opposi
tion to the distribution of the estate of
Ernest Hyne to the hnirs of Caroline
Hyne, his recently deceased widow, on
the ground that it had never been suf
ficiently shown that Caroline Hyne
had been married to him. The court
is asked to declare the estate, which
is now In the hands of the Public Ad
miniFtrator, to be escheated ! to the
State.
POSTOFFICE CLERKS
TO GIVE ANNUAL BALL
FRANK BATTURS SAYS
FAREWELL TO FRIENDS
Xathan. . . Kleinmann, alias Klin*.
was arrested last night at Seventh and
Market streets on a warrant from Los
Ar.geles*charging him with grand lar
ceny. He is accused of having: stolen
several watches and a revolver from
the jewelry store of II. Devor in th«
southern city several days a*o.
Alleged Jewelry Thief 'Caught.
Piso's Cure for Consumption will itop a coli
at once; Always' keep It handy. •
Interlocutory decrees of divorce were
granted to Timothy Collins from Mary
Collins for desertion. Edith G. Eck
hardt from ~ George E. Cckhardt for
cruelty. Rebecca Oross from Louis
Grossfor neglect. Marie R. Lott from
Charles B. Lott for desertion. Bertha
A. Arrougo from Justin Arrouge for
noglert and L. A. Thornton from Wil
liam I. Thornton for neglect.
Of these numbers there was not one
that did not honestly win applause—
and they got it without stint. Notable
•was the singing of Miss Grace Wheeler,
TI Prego, trio (Curfchman), Mr*. Ernst Heu
ter. Miss Gertrude Wheeler and E. Xavfer
Rolker; "An Appreciation of the Poe-ira of
G»orp»- Sterling." Mr*. Will Madd'rn: Saph
ishe Ode 'Frahrrs), Fidelity (Aliitscn). Miss
Gertrude Wheeler: Scherzo a Car>ricoio (Felix
Menfifilnfobn), Miss Ernestine Goldman: Im
Kahn (Grieg). Spring Song (Georgp Henschel).
Mrs. Ernest L. Hueter; reading. Misa Lorene
E. Homc: Th» Merry Ltfirk (Xevln). April
Rain fW. Hunt). Miss Mignon Judson; TuFcan
Folk Sons <L. Caracclolo), Mrs. E. L. Hueter
and Miss G. Wheeler.
ster a la Newberg, and various brands
of cigars— good and bad— the following
numbers were given:
After chatting for some time Miller
suggested that a glass of beer would
ne in order, anrt he left, returning in a
few minutes with a bottle of beer. She
drank a glass of the beer and almost
immediately became unconscious. When
she recovered she discovered that Mil
ler and his friend had gone and her
earrings, a .marquise ring-, three soli
taire diamond rings, a pair of gold
bracelets and a gold watch, had been
stolen from her, besides two $100 bills
her purse had contained. Such force
had been used to pull the rings off her
fingers that the skin was torn. She
valued the jewelry at about $200.
The police were tiotified and Miller
was arrested in San Jose on Sunday
night while trying to dispose of the
stolen jewelry. He told the police there
that he was clerk in Police Judge Mo
gan's court and had taken a flying trip
with a young lady. Their available
cash had become exhausted and he was
trying to sell some of her jewelry to re
plenish their purses. His story was not
believed and Miller was locked up and
a message sent to Chief Wittman. He
will be brought here. The police are
searching for Harris.
Mrs. Mary C. Hang, wife of an ex-
Police Judge of Denver, who is now an
attorney at law of Pueblo, Colo., swore
to comdaints before Police Judge Mo
gan yesterday charging Edward Miller
and Archie Harris with grand larceny.
Mrs. Hang told the Judge that while
she was living at the Radcliffe. Hotel,
301 Turk street, she became acquainted
with Miller, one of the bellboys. She
moved from the Radcliffe to 316 Turk
street, and on Saturday night Miller
called upon her, accompanied by an
other young man, who was introduced
t-s Archie Harris, one of. the leading
men at the Tivoli.
Mrs. Mary C. Hang of Pueblo
Prinks a Glass of Beer and
Soon Becomes Unconscious
M. M. Miller, residing at the Win
chester Hot*], Flipped on the pave
ment at Third and Market streets yes
terday afternoon and sustained a
fract-jre of the left ankle. He was
treated at the Emergency Hospital.
Slips on Sidewalk
Police Commissioner Harry "W. Hut
ton was appointed guardian of tha
estate of his wife, Inez Sexton Hut
ton, by Judge Kerrigan yesterday. Tht
Commissioner in his petition claimed
that by reason of infirmities of her
body ami mind his wife, who is at
present in Grand Rapids, Mich., is un
able to propeYly care for her $33,000
estate in this city. In presenting his
petition Hutton offered to the court a
written request from Mrs. Hutton that
he be appointed to care for her estate.
Hutton's bond was fixed at $5000. His
sureties are A: 'Anderson and !£• Hen
rix. -. . . '.
Police Commissioner Is Appointed
Guardian of the Property of His
Spouse by Judce Kerrigan.
WIFE'S ESTATE IS NOW
IX THE HANDS OF HLTTON
SAYS BELLBOY
ROBBED HER
French Society Entertains.
The French Alliance Literary and
Musical Society and friends crowded
Golden Gate Hall to its utmost ca
pacity last night. The feature of the
evening the variations on the
f.ut* by Paul Gennaro. Others who
took psrt v.ero Eni!c Labarthe. Mme.
Fichter and M. E. Penez. President
A. LegaHet v.as master of ceremonies.
Amin was hauling lumber to the Cliff,
'louse district and was on his last trip
back to the city. He chose the H street
electric car track as the easif^st road.
When near the station known as The
Uakes car No. 1207, inbound, came along
mX a rapid clip and crashed ir.to the
lumber wagon. Amin v.as thrown high
into the air and injured internally.
Moiorman If. W. Colbroth was not
accustomed to seeins wagons on this
section of the track and did not see
Amin's team until it was ioo late to
flop. A horse hitched to the rear of
the "wagon was instantly killed. The
wajren '> v as demolished and the steps
of the car wer« ripped off.
There wer*» but a few passengers in
th» car at the time of the collision and
they wpip badly shaken up, but only
cne. "Billy" Otts. the pugilist, was in
jured. Otts sustained cuts on one leg
«r.d one finger. Amin was so badly hurt
that he had to be carried to his home.
Both the horses he vras driving were
injured »nd may have to be killed.
Judson Amin, a teamster driving for
K. Lawrence of Twelfth and Harrison
s-t reels, was the victim cf a collision
about 8 o'clock last night.
Rev. R. Logan of Lebanon Presby
terian Church, Sanchez and Twenty
third streets, has announced a course
of Sunday lectures on "Great Men of
the Church." : - ..
Ministers of the Christian church as
sembled at their usual weekly gather
ing in the Y. M. C. A. building yester
day afternoon when the -president of
the Ministers' Association, Dr. White,
presided. All present announced that
the congregations on Sunday continued
to show a. marked Increase and each
told of the evident enthusiasm in Chris
tian work and church attendance.
Dr. White announced that the West
Side Christian Church would be. open
on the first Sunday in April, to which
ministers were invited.
A general invitation was extended to
all ministers of the city and bay dis
tricts to participate in the Evangelical
Conference * which will begin at the
First Christian Church, Twelfth street,
between Mission and Howard, on Tues
day, February 2. •
"Race Relations" was the subject of J
an elaborate paper read before the i
Presbyterian Ministers' Association at
the Home of the Occidental Board, Sac
ramento street, yesterday by the Rev.
George G. Eldredge of St. John's Pres- j
byterian Church, who said in part: :
"Race relations is the great ques- |
tion of the day and it will be the ab
sorbing question to-morrow. Prejudice j
has no place in the equipment of the \
man who would deal successfully yith j
this great problem. To push this prob
lem to one side is impossible. It is
upon us, and some solution must be
discovered and adopted in the compar
atively near future.
"In his pathetic though disappoint
ing book entitled 'The Sauls of Black
Folk,' the author states a profound
truth when he says: 'The problem of the
twentieth century is the problem of the
color line.' But the problem includes
much more than difference of color. It
is the problem of race gelations. It is
already with us and it will possess our
thoughts until solved. It Is too late
in the world's history for the writing
of an apology for slavery, and yet I
believe it is.the sober truth to say that
slavery has given place to something
worse.
"Where before there was watchful
interest of the white man over the
black man. now there is an unmerciful
grinding of the black: where before
there was love and loyalty now there
is only suspicion and hatred. I do not
want to be misunderstood and be
judged as an apologist for slavery,
for I am not. It is extremely doubtful
if any race ever came to civilization
except through slavery.
"Upon the church, as the most ag
gressive Christian force, as the instru
ment which God seems to be using
most to make men better, will fall the
brunt of the work of. bringing about
the equality of character."
Rev. Moses Bercowitz, president of
the association, was in the chair and
there was an exceptionally large gath
ering of ministers.
TO HOLD MEMORIAL SERVICE.
The Congregationalist ministers held
their weekly meeting yesterday at the
headquarters in the Y. M. C. A. build
ing. Rev. William Rader in the chair.
An Interesting paper was read by Rev.
I. C. Meserve. D.D., of Plymouth Con
gregational Church, this city, entitled
"For the Sake of Demas."
In the paper was mentioned the ma
terialistic tendencies of -the day and
the need of the church to emphasize
the spiritual life.
Next Monday a memorial service will
be held in the Congregational head
quarters relating to the late Dr. George
Mooar, professor in the Theological
Seminary. Berkeley.
THE COLOR PROBLEM.
The Rev. Mark Guy Pearse, in speak
ing before the Methodist ministers at
Epworth League Hall yesterday morn
ing, said there was a retarding of re
ligious influence through a too great
conservatism, by officialism and "stick
in-the-muds" who live by traditions.
He said that Christ has said, "Behold,
I make all things new." In mission
work they cqnstantly find new depar
tures. No church, said the Rev. Mr.
Pearse, can live unless it is occupied
with aggressive work. He could not
see how he was able to save his own
soul when. there is such a hell at his
door as the slums and severe poverty
unless he did something to alleviate
such conditions.
The Methodist Episcopal pastors of
the city and vicinity, the conference
board, the Deaconesses' Home trustees
and the board of deaconesses appointed
a committee consisting of Mrs. J. R.
Sims. Mrs. J. Soper, Mrs. Robert Mc-
Clellan, William Abbott, Rolla V. Watt,
Dr. F. D. Bovard and the Rev. John
Stephens to select a superintendent for
the Deaconesses' Home to fill vacancy
created by the death of Dr.- J. N. Beard.
The committee met yesterday afternoon
and appointed Dr. E. P. Dennett to the
position. Dr. Dennett is the son of the
Rev. Wesley Dennett and was educated
in this State, having studied at the
University of the Pacific.
; Dr. Dennett made the request to be
allowed until Wednesday to consider
the proposed honor and the responsi
bilities which go with the position. -
STICK-IN-THE-MUDS.
An effort to abolish Sunday funerals
has been under consideration by the
Methodist ministers for some time, and
its committee, composed of Dr. F/ M.
X,arkin and the Rev. John Stephens,
presented a set of resolutions at the
ministers' meeting yesterday.
It was recommended that the mem
bers of the various pastors' associa
tions c-f the city and the undertakers'
organizations, Hackmen's Union, the
cemetery associations, the organized
grave diggers and all unions that might
be affected by the movement in rela
tion to the abolishment of Sunday fu
nerals be communicated with.
Dr. Larkin, in speaking to the sub
ject, said he considered Sunday fu
nerals exceedingly trying to ministers
who had also to perform their Sunday
services. He also considered it as a
wrong use of the Lord's day. He
thought that every man should be priv
ileged to have one day's rest in seven,
even though he did spend that day at
the park or the Chutes, though as a
Christian he himself considered the
Sabbath should be g^ven up to the ser
vices of the church.
The resolution presented by the com
mittee to confer with various organ
izations was unanimously adopted.
The attorney for Alice Jane Smith %
the defendant in a suit for divorce
brought by John Madison Smith, a
prominent druggist of Durham, Butte
County, has filed a notice that on Feb
ruary 13 he will ask the court to com
pel Smith to pay his wife $35 a month
alimony pending the determination of
the suit. In an affidavit filed by Mr*.
Smith she avers that she is compelled
to support herself by working as a
seamstress and that unless her hus
band is eomoelled to provide for her
she will not have funds enough to de
fray the cost of defending the divorce
action.
Ruth B. Aronsohn, wife of Martin
Aronsohr., the mute Notary Public, was
granted a divorce yesterday by Judge
Hebbard and awarded 54000 as her share
of the property accumulated by htr
and her husband. The decree was
given on the ground of cruelty, Mrs.
Aronsohn . testifying that her husband
freauefltly beat her and tnat she suf
fered great humiliation because he was
fo stingy he would not give her car
fare. She says she also 'suffered men
tally because Aronsohn would wrong
fully accuse her of receiving the at
tentions of other men and then boast of
his intrigues with women of his ac
quaintance.
Judge Hebbard also granted a di
vorce to Marie Horn from Benjamin
C. Horn. Horn deserted his wife three
years ago. They were married at Mar
tinez in April, 1S95.
Suits for divorce for desertion were
filed by Austin Hutchinson against
Nellie Hutchinson. M. Stein against
Georgia Stein, Joseph A. Appleton
against Helen M. Appleton and Wil
liam Allen against Mary J. Allen.
An affidavit in support of a petition
for ap order citing B. C. Dalton to
appear in court to show cause why he
should not be punished for contempt
has been filed by Nina L. Dalton. his
divorced wife. Last December he was
ordered to pay her $40 a month alimony
and he has not done bo.
Dr. E. P. Dennett Is Chosen to
Fill the Position Made Vacant
by the Death of Dr. J. Beard
A splendid double quartet gave a
few rousing songs and then dancing —
the joy of the youthful — and of the
very aged — was the order of the hour.
At midnight the dance was on furi
ously.
Among the women noted -were Mrs.
Peter D. Martin, stunning in a brown
corduroy coat with sable collar: Mrs.
Eleanor Martin, in black velvet with
white coat with ermine collarette;
Miss Jennie Blair, in black glitter
gown; Mrs.. George Newhall, Mrs.
Chesebrough, Mrs. Frank Donnelly.
Mrs. Frank Deering, Mrs. Will Tay
lor. Mrs. Gub Taylor, Mrs. Latham
McMullen, Mrs. Boalt. Miss Florence
Bailey and Miss Elsie Tallant.
Jack Noyes followed at the piano,
and gave some awfulljt clever topical
songs. He sang four bofore the boule
vardiers would permit him to pass on.
Mrs. Youngberg and Miss Wheeler
both rendered some chic selections — a la
Anna Held— and then "Maggie was
called to the telephone."
Now, "Maggie" was Watson, the
monologist, and he covered himself
with glory. His "uh?" quite threw the
house into hysterics.
Then came the event of the evening,
when Mrs. Mark Gerstle, Miss Ethel
Hager, Miss Lucie King and Miss
Pearl Landers, stunningly gowned,
"sashayed" into the maple room, sing
ing 0s they advanced toward a vacant
table. In the marble room, from the
opposite side, came Roy Pike, Burbank
Somers, Powell Hutchings and clever
Billy Smith, who evidently were deeply
enamored of the four ladies. Well, thej*!
did the right thing— came right in and
declared their love, lyrically, of course,
and the affair was over — as to the pre-'
arranged programme.
Such a captivating smile! Such
shoulders, such a snowy bosom, and
what a dulcet voice, as she looked lov
ingly into the men's eyes and pleaded
that they buy a c^gar. Who was the
sinuous Seville maiden that the men
raved over? Well, an hour later she
wore, with eternal fitness, a snug Tux
edo. It was pretty little Guido Georgi,
who acted his part like a major. A!as!
for the evanescence of human hopes!
Scattered througTi the fleeting hours,
with not a minute of dullness, came
the song of Alexander Rosborough. He
really makes a very clever coon, and
his stunt was a hit. Then Shatter How
ard, in an impious parody of the honor
able impresario, Marcus Mayer, gave a
very clever song, which was received
with bursts of applause. And he de
served it.
who is possessed of a rather unusual
amount of personality in her work.
But in the midst of this feast of song
who should interject himself but the
Cop— bearing a strong resemblance to
Captain John Martin of the detective
force, but a renegade member of the
Cop's pals revealed his identity. He
proved to be none other than Lester
Haskins. And then came his other
comrades— Kolb, Dill, Ui#le Sam, and
oh, such a coy maiden, a la Carmen,
selling cigars and other smokables.
Here's to another Cafe Chantant!
But perhaps another would not make
good as did the affair at the Palace last
night. Unlike most "surprises," it
really surprised.
While it was true that tables were
being bid for rather lively for some
days past — even weeks— who was there
that 'ooked for the crush of last night?
By 9 there wasn't a table to be had
in the maple room — and one didn't feel
quite safe in offering a tip to the
waiter to disr for one — so the overflow
went to the marble room. By 10 there
wasn't a table, nor yet a chair, iii the
marble room. And still the stream
grew.
Meanwhile the orchestra of the
Twentieth Century Musical Club had
tuned up and was soon dispensing
some music that was really good to
hear. Benjamin Lathrop led in splen
did style and the following 1 numbers
were rendered between the clever
stunts that were sprung as a surprise:
"Sammy" (Hutchinson); "MonAmour"
(Vanderpool); "Prince' of Pilsen"
(Luders); The Minstrels (Witmark);
"Cat's Parade" (Johnson); "Honey.
My Sweet" (Spink); "The Storks"
(Chapin); "Valse Bleu" (Mar&is);
"Dolly Gray."
• At 10:20 the story began to unfold as
to the vaudeville held in reserve. Much
liquid refreshment had by this time
been served by the handsome srarcons.
in a manner highly creditable to the
most exclusive of waiters' unions. The
following chaps balanced the trays—
and let it be known from the housetops
that no guest had a bath therefrom:
Lloyd Baldwin. "Wilbur Burnett. Gerald
Rathbone. Will Page, Athole McBean,
Mr. Petherick, Worthington Ames,
Willard Drown, Seward McNear. Sid
ney Salisbury. Lieutenant Rosseau.
U. S. N.; Wilfrid Page. Mr. Young,
Karl Howard, William Goldsborouerh.
Millen Griffith, James Jenkins, Coopee
Thurston and Thomas Berry, and as
for as the wine-opener, in blue llannel
shirt and nether garments to match,
and the typical California corkscrew
chained to his broad shoulders. Wil
lard Drown was one of the stars of the
nig-nt.
Interspersed with sandwiches, lob-
By Sally .Sharp.
L'laintiff Testifies That in Ad
dition to Being Close-Fisted
Her Spouse Is Very Brutal
TlEKBAKD GRANTS DECREE
DK. LARKIN SPEAKS MIND
Collision Near the Cliff House
Internally Injures Driver.
• -Billv" Otts Slightly Hurt
WAGOX IS DEMOLISHED
aiidson Amin, a Lumber Team
'. Hter. Chooses Track for the
' • Road and Meets Disaster
Notary Public's AVifc Says He
Is Too Stingy to Provide
lier Witii Moiicy for Carfare
Methodist Ministers Decide to
Take Action Discouraging
Funerals on the Sabbath Day
Members of Smart' Set Lend Talent to Make
Success of Unique Function and Object
Is Accomplished Through Their Efforts
HORSE KILLED
BY STREET CAR
MRS. ARONSOUN
GIVEN DIVORCE
WOULD ABOLISH
SUNDAY BURIALS
CAFE CHANTANT AT PALACE HOTEL
PLEASANTLY SURPRISES SOCIETY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 26, 1904.
14
ADVERTISEMENTS.
g Scale Success i
I has produced in the 5
I ...PIANO... I
the highest quality o! tone
possible. The chaste de- |
m sign and beautiful finish &
I harmonize with its musical 3
¦ perfection. It is truly a
I standard value and merits
I the attention of an intending
I piano purchaser.
I Bcn *- Curtaz * Son .
(SOZ.E AGE2TTS)
Open" Saturday Evenings.
16 OTABBEIiL STREET, S. T. Q
¦ San Jose. Stockton. Alaraeda. Fresno. B
ADVERTISEMENTS. £^
Like needles to a magnet
come the Men, Boys and
Children to Brown's. Never
before has there been such
a dollar saving opportunity,
and the wise dressers are
.grabbing the fine garments
with their 20% discount.
; MILL TO MAN
— _ - *WS -» " '
ADVEBTISEMEJJTS.
iJfnjDollar
«!^P|HW''f| will c«t a «oo4 ratt.
WSSfSBOt' >' znada to your order.
BJEHBB5»':' by taisb-cUu tailor*
lJ"S» ~ ;SHR.i» In our owa «hop.
mvhIH Both fit aad worie-
£?•¦•> Elli' -''O "' rnanshlp art ptrlact.
t^"^^^^' There is lia «xcu»
'"'¦"•>M§mBi§L ' or you i9 w ** r fcadly
tt-WSRuBt mad* or iU-flttln*
.¦* •• : i i :WJ3j ''¦ : \ clothes when you caa
* _ * '' ' jBjFjWPJ dress In atyl« and
- ' 'JMiDHllli J taat* by our p!«a
without f*eltne i$»
**^^ Ki expenditure.
*;'• A. B. Smith Co.
Up-to-dat» Tailor*.
128-132 Oils Street, Above Powell.
Saa Francisco.
We are again in our build-
ing at
Market and !Oth Streets
with a clean, up -to -data
stock of vehicles.
PEACE PROVOKERS AND
PROFANITY PREVENTERS
j Often lie in tbf bosom of a shirt, the
curl of a collar. Hence, logically our
! laundry promotes morality, in that its
output causes no complaint, but soothes
the troubled spirits of men accustomcil
I to frayed edges and crumpled bosom?.
j Why don't you try this laundry foe a
{while and "be good"?
|* 'No saw <?dges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY,
3 orncs ioc4 masket stbeet,
t N«ar Powell.
«aon» Private Exchanff* »7.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
j f
A
!i r
Itching, Burning Palms,
Painful Finger Ends, L
Shapeless Hails.
j c
Inflamed, Itching, Burning, *
Sere, Tender and \i
Perspiring. J
OliE NIGHT TREATMENT. \
~~"—"- t
8c&k tb« hands on retiring in a strong, *
hot, creamy lather 'of Cutlcnra Soap. , l
Dry and anoint freely with Cnticura j
Ointment, the great skin cure and purest j
of emollients. "Wear, during the night,
old, loose kid jrloves, or bandage lightly j ,
In old, soft cotton or linen. For red, 1 j
rough &ad chapped bands, dry, fissured,
itching, feverish palms, with brittle, .,
shapeless nails and painful finger ends,
this treatment is s'.inpiy wond-rf nl, fre-
qneatly caring :a a single application.
Complete locnl and constitutional
treatment for every bumocr of the '
akin, scalp and blood, with loss of hair, '
may now be had for one dellar. Bathe ]
with hot crater and Cnticara Soap, to |
• cleanse the sarface of crusts and scales,
end soften the thickened cuticle. Dry, ,
¦without hard rubbing, and apply Cnti- :
cura Ointment freely, to allay itchinj;, \
irritation and inCammation, and soothe |
aad heal, and lastly, take the Cuticura
Resolvent Pills to cool and cleanse the
b ~od. This treatment affords instant
" relief, permits rest and sleep in the
tererMt forms of Eczema and other
itching:, burning and scaly humour*.
and points to a speedy, permanent and
economical core of torturing, dUflgcr- |
Ing hcroooTs, from pimple* to scrofula, j
from Infancy to aye, when all other
remedies anrt the best physicians fail, j
fonn <tf CWwata* Ortwl WU,Sae. D«rtjl J**VS™r
•Mnt. «*.. Rm». Ot. IVeoti 1 Lmi&m. V Cfc«»«**«» •
•¦ : Tmtm. I Ru« .J* !• P*ic: Bmtn. 1ST Cohu»ho» A«- ;
T**tm Drag *. Ch«n- Carp- 8*tc rmpitttw. !
Ifio* tar ", Gffw *• Can E»«ry Minn* ¦
4^v Every Woman
£^^ v NV'\V& ia tolerated .BdihoaM know ,
<?T-"* Mi\ Vi.-t •* about the wonderful ,
TOfe^.^Wft MUTVEL Whirling Spray j
H. V?S.vv'Ces»'*2* Tb«>Tiew wutiiyrtor*. />y>s- !
V- kJeC'jiQLl^. tionendtiueHon. Beet— ?»f- i
V^v&V^K!>w__ est-Mort Convenient, |
,%x r««r ena-n ft* h. \v f&btt7!v5p*~ rm i
oU.er.bKtf^dstarvjjforil- f^Wbf
Isrtmted boofc-**«ta*.K C]TM \* r M M
ft/1 iM.rti<™i*r»*t»<i'iSi'e<-iioT!«1n- W / *»
wadualJle to Jalies. HURVEI.t'O M <^L^0 i
MW MIS5TOX ST.. F. F.. Cal.
VtillaJii liattcrolh <badics' DTt.)..£C4 Sutt»r ;
Union Prtts Co./J14 K«>arny £1 Van Ness & MV.t.
Os^rfxd Brr« "th & liroadway, Oakland
fciiUSwin Pharmacy 11» Kill* !
.rStZZ^kin MEN AND WOMEN.
tfjffi'SttlxEt&SiA r««Blg«3fnrnnnaturn
AwSC* l«i*"*«»i»^S d ; .s;t!»r£*i.inflav>inatiorit.
*4j** c-ttrattrm v| Irritation* ur c!r*!»tloB»
fo» rr»««afc> €•»«.*!••. PkinlciB, and uot auria-
&JIJlTiitEriBSCHtJ(iX*lC>. g»nt or pssif onoui.
\fe5i GK::HK*TI.CJggH «•!« *T DrnnHU,
wr-TV t.t>.A. >S3j or Mnt !n T>l»in wr»pp»T.
JT>SS?a^. rf^BrJfl fer «rrrr», prepaid, fcr
?^P'«25JkAin3 8100. or 3 bottlM 12.76.
C;rcol»tf »ect ca rtQBMl.
Reduction I
American Cannel |
B Sold by AH Reliable Dealers. I
Sly ci $1.0(1 DBF Year
ADVERTISEMENTS. . f_ V^
THE HOUSE '
Moet & Chandon
was founded in 1 743, and owns more vineyards Jn the champagne district
than all the other leading . champagne houses combined, and their sales
throughout the world greatly exceed those of any other brand.
AUTHORITY FOR PREFERENCE
Moet & Chandon Champagne was the only Champagne used at
The Tour of the Prince and the Prin- Dinner to the Prince by the City of
y cess of Wales through Canada. Chicago.
Dinner to Prince Henry at the White Dinner to the Prince by the Citizens of
House. ; Milwaukee • '--•¦¦
U cTtt^teor» St IaUnChIng Banquet tendered by the Old Guard of
Dinnercn the"Hohenzollern" by Prince New York to the Honorable Artillery
Henry to the President. - Company of London. England.
Luncheon to Prince Henry at Annapolis Derby Dinner to the Jockery Club,
Dinner to the Prince by the Captains CIVEN by Kino Edward VII, on Derby
of Industry. Day, June 4, 1902.
Dinner to the Prince by the Citizens of And at almost all prominent society
"White Seal" Champagne
WILLIAM WOLFF & CO., Pacific Coast Agents, SAN FRANCISCO