WHITAKER WRIGHT COMMITS SUICIDE
IN COURT AFTER HEARING SENTENCE
CONDEMNING HIM TO PENAL SERVITUDE
Continued on Page 2, Column; 5.
Continued on Page' 2^ - Column" 1.
'- RICHMOND, Va.r >, Jan. 2 6.— The
two* houses^ of the'; General- Assembly
(to-day, -voting? separately, chose John
W. Daniel .to succecu himself as Unit
ed States ' Senator for the " full .term
beginning ¦ March -A next.
Senator Re-elected.
Seoul Police Levy Blackmail.
SEOUL.:Jan- 27. — The peddlers (se
cret police), with the permission of the
Government, are levying blackmail on
all wealthy houses in, Seou}. except
those of the high officials, on the pre
text of guarding the houses. A thou
sand soldiers will be sent south to qudfll
the insurrection,'
> CONSTANTINOPLE, Jan. 26.— Mail
advices ¦•fromi Erzerouni.V <. Armenia,
say that the American mission college
for girls there was; destroyed : on . Jan
uary 10 by, a fire. , believad " ; to have
beeiv of incendiary; origin. An \ i i nqui ry
has V been opened 'by. ' the .authorities.
The'college.wasa fine modern build
ins:, completed in 1003 . . ;; .
Fire Is to Have Been of In
cendiary Origin and Investigation
/ > Is Begun.
BURNING OF AMERICAN
COLLEGE IN ARMENIA
TOPEKA. Kans.. Jan. 26. — A spe
cial to the State Journal from Man
hattan, Kans., says that Elmer Gard
ner, a student at the State Agricultu
ral College, was scalded to death to
day by falling into the pit which sup
plies hot water for the college. He
was standing near when the earth
caved, carrying him down.
Falls Into Scalding Water.
LITTLE IIOCIC. Ark.. Jan. 27. — The
Fort Worth express, southbound from
.St. Louis, on the Stl Louis, Iron
Mountain and Railroad, is
reported v recked ::e.ir Diaz, fivemiles
north of Xev.nori. Ark. Many pas
fMMisrers «*"<? injured. A relief train
has been ordered sent' from Little
San Franeis*>o Attorney Is^IIonored.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 26.— The Pres
ident has appointed delegates to' the
Universal Congress of Lawyers and
Jurists, to be held at SL Louis in
September, 1904. Francis J. Heney of
San Francisco is California's represen
tative.
Sum lilx.uriil Passenger Train From St.
1/iuis Is Wrecked Near Diaz and
Many Passengers Are Hurt.
rO:*T WORTH EXPRESS -
MKCTS WITH DISASTER
WASHINGTON, Jan. 26.— Senator
Hanna's great prominence in the public
eye at this time has caused the great
est concern over his illness, and to-day
there w;ere • conflicting stories of his
condition.
It is positively* stated by Rear Ad
miral Rlxey. surgeon general* of the
navy, Senator Hanna's physician, that
his patient is not ¦ seriously ill. The
Senator , dressed himself this evening
and sat. up to dinner in his apartments
at the Arlington Hotel.
Senator Hanna Is a bad Invalid, and
as a result of this he will probably have
a setbjick to-morrow. Each time he has
left: his bed he has been the worse
for it.
'Dr. Rixey said to-night: "Senator
Hanna is better than he was yesterday.
If he continues to improve as he has to
day he will be out in a short time. He
did hot entirely recover from the at
tack; of the, grip he had . in New York
several weeks ago, and has had a re
lapse."
Rear Admiral Rixey.'.Who Is the Sen
ator's Physician, Says the Patient
Is Much Improved.
COXFIJCTIXG STORIES
OF HAXXA'S CONDITION
MADERA, Jan. 26.— William J. 'Mace,
of Mace Bros., proprietors* of 'the Yo
serriite: Hotel, was shot . here to-night
at 10:30 o'clock. by John. Brown, a sa
loon man of Happy Camp, this county.
,, The. sho'bting. occurred ; in a saloon.
Both the men had been drinking at the
time, " and I Mace suggested that - they
step off -thirty, feet and take^a shot at
one another. .Witnesses ot the affair
state that the men separated and both
shot. Brown was not .wounded.
Doctors Byars '. and Reid were sent
for and attended the wounded man.
Unless, complications arise; Mace , will
recover. Brown was arrested by Sher
iff ; - Jones 'and; taken to jail.
Men; at : 3Iadera Open Fire
at Each Other in a Saloon
Just 'for the Fun\ of It
LONDON, Jan.. 2.7:— Without excep
tion the London, papers express satis
faction with the > salutary vindication
of the law in the caaej of , Whitaker
Wright and ¦ admit -rthe ".'.'justice of- the
verdict and: of. the sentence. The Stan
dard^ . alone, in y an *edjtorial, ex-,
pressed : some "surprise 'at* the .severity,
of the sentence,* . on, the * ground that
there was" a 'certain "degree of extenu
ation in v the \. peculiar, circumstances
which Wright was placed under. At
the same r ,time all .the papers. -dwell
upon the sadness of the finale of the
tragedy -in the vein which is reflected
by the following remark in the Morn
ing Post: /-.,,., . . .'.' ¦-¦'¦.¦
. ' "Even v these painful circumstances
cannot cause' ;the.. slightest twinge of
the nationarconsciehce.". .
iThere are^ridicatlonis- In n the * com
ments \ of 'the^Liberal newspapers" on
theresultof. the; case that It .will "be
used as a '¦} political '. weapon against' the
GoVernment.'**which declined to prose
cute .Wright,. Premier Balfour, acting
on .the" advice (of. th'e..law office of * tho
crown,' having announced . in. Parlia
ment ih ; December. 190 2, that the case
was ; not' 'one; for the Public Prosecu
tor." These Ipapers insinuate that : the
Gbvernmentvwlshed -to shield Wright
because : he »was;' a 'strong supporter,
firianciajly and .otherwise, of the Con^
seryative •-. c&us'e/ and!-: because " he r had"
influeritlalffriehds.^ .*•>'. - ,". ,Y> - '-
; The pa.il^-News'con tends that;the
law bfflcers.^ir.-RobertFinlay and sir
Edward .Carsoh; /ought 1 , to ; resign, , 'arid
Liberal Newspapers Find Occasion to
_ Assail V the ¦Government.
PRESS JUSTIFIES VERDICT.
More Than One Hundred Thousand
Volume* Are Destroyed and Many
Valuable Manuscripts Burned.
TURIN, Italy. Jan. 25. — The., univer
sity library has been partially de
stroyed by fire. It is roughly esti
mated that more than 100.00W vol
umes were burned, as well as many
rare manuscripts.
The university library was consid- •
ered one of the most famous in Italy,
the others being the Vatican library,
the Marciana library at Venice and
the one at Monte Casaino. King Vic
tor Emmanuel, upon hearing the li
brary was on fire, sent instructions
that everything possible be done to
extinguish the flames. Every efTort
was fruitless, howeevr. and five halls
of the library were entirely destroyed.
FAMOUS LIBRARY IN* ITALY
IS BADLY DAMAGED BY FIRE
stupendous financial operations, closed
in a startling tragedy. His entire life,
with his rise from poverty; to enor
mous wealth, was full of dramatic.in
cidents, but* there was nothing that
could compare with the manner of his
death. All London to-night is thrilled
with the news of It- No. such human
tragedy has been enacted in England
in many a year. . ' : .'~.'>\--\
LEFT LYING WHERE HE FELL.
Until nearly 8 o'clock the body of
the man who formerly had controlled
the world's markets and who had
been courted by royalty remained
upon the floor of the room. where he
fell; for. as a convicted felon,
Wright's person had become the prop
erty of the crown. The Home Office
finally gave permission for its removal
and the body was given over :to the
jurisdiction of the Coroner. It now
lies at Westminster, mortuary, Jwhere
almost all the corpses taken from the
Thames are laid out. The inquest
probably will be held" on Thursday.
Mrs. Wright, the widow, Is an
American. She now lies ill at the
magnificent country home./ which'
had in Surrey. Dispatches
from there say with a certain ingenu
ous pathos: • ¦ ' '',.;,
"The news of Whitaker Wright's
LOXDO.V, Jan. 26.— At 3 o'clock
this afternoon Whitaker Wright ' was
sentenced to seven years* penal .ser
vitude. At 4 o'clock he- lay dead on
the floor of a small room in. the law
courts. Whether he took. his own life'
by poison or whether.- death in its
natural course robbed the law of its'
fulfillment will not be known definite
ly-; until a post mortem examination is
held. All indications, however, point
to poisoning, and. the : great plunger's
friends accept no other theory.
The career, of this . man, j who was
known on three .continents for his
Great Promoters!
Career Ends in
Tragedy.
, Corbett, r who would have followed
him 1 In: another second, shouted for
help and jumped into the pool. He
slipped upon the smooth floor and was
unable to .do more than turn Boultb'ee's
body over and raise his head above the
water. No one else was in the baths
and for some time Corbett could get
no assistance. When it finally came
Boultbee was/taken Immediately to the
hospital. • The physicians have no hope
of • saving" his life. . .
Boultbee belongs ' to a prominent
Canadian j family, • and was transferred
here from Toronto about four months
ago., He was well known' in society, and
club circles. 'He had also gained the
reputation of ' being, the best diver In
the Multnomah Club and his Invariable
custom of leaping, high and far i out ex
cluded any. possibility of his fall not
being fatal. • , \- ; • \: . .
of. water remained in the tank,
tin the:dusk it was difficult to tell
whether the pool was full or not, as the
bottom is ;so. ; white that even when
filled with water the tank is exception
ally ; transparent. Boultbee, accompa
nied by Harry Corbett, a millionaire
banker, went downstairs to the dress
ing room, j took 'ja. shower bath, then
ran -out upon the springboard and,
without a moment's hesitation, dived
off to his death. . His head smashed
against the solid floor and he lay in
sensible in the shallow water.
. PORTLAND.Or., Jan. 26.— Not notic
ing that the water had been drawn
from' the*, big swimming pool at the
Multno'mah Athletic Club, P. R. Boult
bee, a clerk in -the Canadian Bank of
Commerce, . .to-day dived from the
springboard to the cement floor, fifteen
feet below him. His skull ¦ was frac
tured arid he .will die.
About 5. o'clock this afternoon Boult
bee was boxing with the Chief, of the
Fire Department and after the bout
announced that he would take a swim
before going. home to dinner! Unknown
to' Boultbee. the water in the pool had
been' drawn off that the floor and walls
might be scoured. Only some six inches
Senator Clark is in this city recov
ingffrom an operation for an abscess
of th* ear. He Is able to take, short
•walks and drives and expects to sail
for Bermuda with his daughter, Mrs.
Culver, and granddaughter . about
a. week.
Mrs. Clark's mother. Mrs. Cunning
ham, also is en route from Milwaukee.
. Mrs. Clark 30 years of age. She
was Miss Katharine Roberts before
her marriage in June SO, 1890. They
have no children.
NEW YORK. Jan. 26. — Mrs.
Charles W. Clark of San Mateo, Cali
fornia, daughter-in-law of Senator W.
A. Clark of Montana, is critically ill
at the Senator's residence, Fifty
seventh street and Seventh avenue.
Mrs. Clark is suffering from a
jnalignant internal illness. She was
almost cured, and two weeks ago her
condition was so hopeful that her hus
band left for Arizona. To-night she
Is unconscious and her physician says
there Is no hope for her recovery.'
Her husband is hurrying here on a
special train.
Senator's Son Hurry
ing to His Wile's
Bedside.
FAMOUS PROMOTER WHOSE
SUICIDE .IN f COURTROOM
.FOLLOWED CONVICTION. .;
Glubmanol Portland
flakes Dive 'and
IsKilled. II
MRS. CLARK
IS DYING IN
NEW YORK
NEW YORK, Jan. 26.— Under the
latest ruling of the Board of United
States General Appraisers coal which
arrived at ports in this country pre
vious to* January 15, 1903, even though
it was not unloaded until a subsequent
date, is not entitled to free entry under
the act nor rebate of duties on coal
signed on that date. Th:s decision ha*
been handed down in an opinion writ
ten- by Judge Somerville overruling a
protest -of Bunker & Co. ot San Fran
cisco, who received a vessel containing
coal at San Francisco, December 27,
1902. The importers contended that the
coal was entitled to free entry under
a subsequent act of Congress. This
Judge Somerville denies and holds that
when a new law Is enacted the rights
of parties are "" only affected under it
after it has gone into effect unless it
is otherwise stipulated in the law.
Coal Arriving Prior to January 15,
190:», Although Not Unloaded to a
Subsequent Date, Must Pay Duty.
UNITED STATES APPRAISERS
MAKE IMPORTANT RULING
SWIMMER
PLUNGES
TO DEATH
PLAYFUL DUEL
MAY COST LIFE
, SAN. DOMINGO, Thursday, Jan. 21.
It 'was learned here to-day that - the
insurgents are destroying American
property ' in Santo . Domingo. The
United States cruiser Columbia left
here' this morning for San Pedro Ma
corls ' : "to protect American interests
there, ah American Consul at San Pe
dro having telegraphed to Minister
Powell advising him of the necessity
of ;the. cruiser's presence and saying,
also, that other foreign interests were
imperiled. The Government is un
able . to afford the necessary protec
tion. Certain .American sugar estates
at San Pedro, are considered to be es
pecially threatened,' as they are some,
distance from the, town and without
protection. . . ,
Dominican Insurgents Warring Upon
: '¦¦'¦¦ '" American Citizens.
DESTROYING PROPERTY.
' That there .will be anything but con
stant revolution in Santo Domingo un
less the United States 1 steps in and es
tablishes ' a ; protectorate nobody here
believes. The administration, however,
is not unanimous in 1 its opinion on this
subject. Secretary Hay is against ex
tending a protectorate to Santo Do
mingo. The President* realizes thelm
perative necessity for,some kind of ac
tion, but is not inclined to take up the
question for.* final ( decision until the
Panama treaty is ratified.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET. N.
W., WASHINGTON, Jan. 26— Strong
influences are working it Is said, with
a fair show of success, to induce Presi
dent Roosevelt to establish a protecto
rate over the republic of Santo Domin
go. No move of any kind will be made
by the Government, however, until
after the. ratification of the Panama
treaty.
The chronic estate of revolution in
Santo Domingo interferes with the busi
ness . of American citizens who have
commercial interests there^ It stag
nates trade and endangers the lives of
neutrals .and non-combatants. The
country is alternately taxed and devas
tated' by federal «and revolutlonary
governments. Three American war
ships, .two German cruisers and one
French cruiser are now engaged in pro
tecting foreign commercial interests in
Santo Domingo. This Government al
ready knows positively, that any ac
tion oh its part, however drastic, to^the
end of bringing order and stable gov
ernment ouf of insurrectionary chaos
will !bave .the approval of Europe. The
-PahaTftSv actlo~n-'bf : th"e"President In be
half of civilization has committed this
Government in the >yes of European
diplomats * to be; the "policeman of the
Western hemisphere." , ,
Special Dispatch to The Call
"When the next Democratic conven
tion undertakes to write a platform it
will find the last one a model of clear
ness arid conciseness and . of square
dealing: and I hope that the delegates
to the convention will b^e instructed by
the various States to indorse It.
"And how about candidates? It does
not matter much what the name of the
Presidential candidate is, but it does
matter what he stands for, and in what
direction he is going to lead the party.
Let the Republican . party be chal
lenged to meet the moral issue present
ed—this is- democratic, this is patriotic.
Let this be done, arid unless reason and
love of country have fled we shall fight
without being ashamed. If v.-e lose it
will be but a temporary, defeat and will
bring no" disgrace with it. If we win
the victory \ will mean much for our
country and for the world."
"One evidence that our party was
honestly seeking to secure justice to
the masses in 1896 and 1900 is to be
found in the fact that our campaign
funds were insignificant in both cam
paigns. In 1892 the party
collected a larse campaign fund from
the corporations. It spent more than
51,000,000 in the .two States of New
York and Indiana alone— and what was
the result? The most plutocratic ad
ministration this country has ever
known. We witnessed a surrender' to
organized and predatory wealth, so ab
ject and so complete that seven years
of exile from power have not entirely
removed the stain from the party. You
ask why I am opposed to the reorgan
ization of the Dembcratic party. Be
cause I want my party to define the
rights of the people: I want it to be
the fearless champion of their inter
ests; I want it to present the moral
issue involved in public questions and
to appeal to the public conscience.
PLATFORM AND NOMINEE.
" 'Will it pay?* has been substituted
for "Is it right?' and as a consequence
our legislative assemblies— city. State
and national— are becoming auction
rooms in which governmental privi
leges are knocked down to the highest
bidder.
"I do not speak with authority; I am
not a candidate for any office; I am
only a private citizen, and I can prove
by the editorial pages of nearly all of
our leading daily papers that I have
excellent prospects of remaining a pri
vate citizen during the remainder of
my life. »
"The trouble with our Government
to-day is that it. is too mueh-tatfuenced.
in its operations by men' whose only
loyalty..is loya\ty to the money bags..
CLEVELAND'S CAMPAIGN FUND.
NEW YORK, Jan. 26.— Every seat in
the Madison Square Concert Hall was
taken to-night when "William J. Bryan
began his speech on "Moral Issues."
In the audience there were many wom
en, . while the body of the hall was
more than half filled with clergymen.
There was no presiding officer, Bryan
being escorted to the platform, where
he was greeted with prolonged ap
plause. He said in part:
"I have preferred to speak independ
ently of any organization, because I
do not care to embarrass any friends
or supporters who may differ from me
in opinion. Both I and they, therefore,
are left to pursue in the future, as we
have in the past, the course that seems
to us best.
NEW YORK. Jan. 26.— If North
River was not drunk this afternoon it
ought to have been, for 12,000 kegs of
beer were dumped into It.
The beer came from the Conrad
Stein's Sons' brewery. Some time ago
the Lion brewery got control of the
Stein business, but the bill of sale did
not include the building, the machinery
or the Supply of beer on hand. What
the Lion brewery did get was the
other company's good will and out
standing accounts. The Steins have de
cided to retire from business and the
building and machinery are now on the
market.
When the Lion brewery got control
there were some 2072 barrels of lager in
the Stein brewery, and to keep it there
the Stein concern would have had to
renew a bond for $75,000 with the inter
nal revenue authorities. This bond ex
pires about the end of this month.
The Stein brewery tried to sell the
beer at any price, but could not get a
purchaser. Representatives of the
Lion . brewery said that -they did not
.want the beer,.b+cause.it; -was not* tip
to their standard. Moreover, If the
beer were sold $S00O would hate to be
paid out in revenue stamps. So It was
decided to let all this good beer so to
waste. •
Alf the barrels were carried into the
cellar and the bungs were knocked out.
There are pipe connections between the
floor and the sewer and the beer flowed
merrily through these into the river.
"It was a beautiful pale sea," said
one of the inspectors, who gloomily
•watched the beer go to waste. "It took
nearly all day to run the beer Into the
river. When the news spread along
Tenth avenue and the river front the
gloom was so thick that it could hav«
been cut."
Special Dispatch to Tbo Call.
" "It. is true. No concessions can be
made. "You know well eirough our
desire to get to southern waters. "We
are .balked ; by greed arid' jealousy.
The Baltic is closed six months in the
year.. We had to forge eastward and
at. last got ,there. You Americans and
Englishmen are">using the Japanese as
weapons and are trying to shut us in.
What • second-rate power would toler
ate such a thing?- Certainly not Rus
sia. . It is impossible. We have not
hitherto been a commercial nation, but
the commercial, .spirit is growing
apace, and, having; got our outlet, it is
of vital importance >to us to retain it."
A naval service paper to-day prints
a detailed statement of the strength
of the respective fleets in Asiatic wa
ters, and places .Russia, .and' Japan
on aboutan even\footing, Russia pre
ponderating. ;with heavy vessels - and
Japan with torpedo-boats.
An indication , that, public feeling
is aroused. in' the interior is^shown by
a dispatch from Krostroma, 230 miles
from Moscow, 'saving, that when- or
ders were; received, by the, local bat
talions, calling for twenty-four addi
tional • recruits for service in , the Far
East, several i hundred men responded.
<¦ I have had another talk with a well
known general, holding the highest of-
riciar position -and, in. close touch with
the EmperorA'~He^6i?a:'; • ~~
"Our poor Emperor would do any
thing to .avoid- war, but he recognizes
that the present ' crisis is'\the -biggest
that has £ace.oV Russia during her his
tory and that "any sign . of \ weakness
just now Would 'be tantamount to
throwing away ; tHe > results of Russia's
great efforts during a ; half century*,
which she has been able to crown
with success 'only by a "terrible ex
penditureof life and money." - • r '
I asked him 'whether it was true
that his Ma jesty had' declared that ho
concessions^ could -be made to Japan.
He replied:
ST. •PETERSBURG, Jan. 26.— Much
as I should like to "echo the words of
peace rumors, I am bound to recc/rd
the facts.
A business; man to whom I showed
the report sent to an English paper, to
the effect that business men were con
gratulating; themselves that the dan
ger of war- Had passed, was amazed.
He said:. ;.
"Quite the contrary is. the case. The
spirit of business men whom I am
seeing j every- day- ¦ was very much
shaken. The proof of this is that the
banks have become very shy and make
the utmost difficulties about doing
business.'* v ¦ <.'
¦ A further note of the. moment- is
that ali officers on leave in the Far
East have been recalled and 1OO naval
dfflcers have been 'sent out in haste.
Three additional batteries have just
been dispatched from Vilna.-
Special Cablegram to .The Call and New York
H*r«14. Copyright, 1CO4,. by tho New York
Herald Fublishlng Cprnp&ny.* > .
Foreign Interests Constantly Endan
gered by E evolutions and Coun
ter Revolutions.
Commends to the Democracy the
Platform Adopted by the Con
vention of 1900.
Destroyed to Save the Payment of
$75,000 Revenue Bond to ths
Russia Will Fight' to Retain Far
Eastern Outlet toHhe'Sea Which
Manchuria; Provides.-
Europe Looks to This Nation
to Preserve Peace in
the Republic.
GeneraUNear M the Throne
Insistence
x< Means^War.
Says Seven Years of Exile
Has Not Removed Stain
of Clevelandism.
Twelve Thousand Kegs ol
Cbeering Beverage Runs
Into ,Sewer.
Will Yieia No Point
tatliefpip Gov
eriient, ¦ :¦
Protectorate Idea Is
Growing in
Favor.
Gloom Spreads Over
the New York
Water Front, \
Venomous in Denun
ciation 0! Reor
ganizers.
CZAR HOLDS
TO ALL HE
HAS TAKEN
DOMINICANS
MAY BECOME
OUR WARDS
BRYAN RAPS
GOLD WING
OF PARTY
BEER GOES
TO WASTE
IN A RIVER
THE THEATEBS.
Alcazar — "The Masaaeraden.*
Calif ornla— "Tie Sternal City."
Central— "Quo Vadii."
Cbntea — Vaudeville.
Columbia — "A Calnes* Honey*
moon."
TiMclxeVm — "The Beauty Shop."
Grand — "David Harcun."
Orpbeum — Vaudevilla. M»tln««
To-Day. .
VI70II — "When Johnny Comes
Marching* Home."
The San Francisco Call.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO,; WEDNESDAY. JANUARY 2j, 1904.
VOLUME XCV— NO. 58.
Pereciiit mifl* it Su Trta»
daeo for thirty hours cadlsr
xalflalrtot, j3ks.u».Tj 27: '
Sam Pranci«eo and - vicinity —
ralr Wednesday; Itrbt northerly
wind. .. O. K. WU.X.SOW.
Z.oca.1 Torecwrttx
Temporarily la Charsre.
THE WZ&TSEB.Take Laxative Brbmo Quinine * Tablets. .. AH
druffgUts refund the money, U It fall* to cure.
E. W. Grove's signature la on each ! box* 25c •
To Cure a Cold in One Day.
Won nnd Lost -415,000,000 Fortune'
: Before ; Going* to England. . • ¦"
Wliitaker Wright was > arrested ¦ iii
New York on March 16," 1903. A' war-
WRIGHT'S REMARKABLE ¦¦ LIFE.
TOKIO. Jan 27.— The Jljl Shlmpp says
that Russia and Korea have ;; agreed
that 2Q0O Russian soldiers be employed
to guard the palace atiSeoul,' and that
these troops will come- from Port Ar
thur the middle of February. ... V
To Guard Palace at Seoul.
The Japanese have asked, pointedly,
which side the Emperor favors,' aa they
The reports that Americans are acting
incollusian-. with the members of the
Russian legation in Seoul are entirely
without foundation.
The Emperor has invited to -the pal
ace, five: French and Belgian civiliians
to act as a bodyguard, as he apparently
fears Japanese intrusion. ' \'
SEOUL, Jan. 26. i -One hundred armed
Japanese have been sent to Pyenzyang
to insure the "safety of the populace,;'it
having been reported that the houses lot
wealthy natives were being looted by
Korean soldiers and police disguised as
robbers. ¦-'-. " "
Emperor Is 'Asked by Tokio' Govern
ment to Declare Himself. V
KOREA *MUST *IAKE CHOICE.
SPOKANE, Wash., Jan. 26.<~-Whit
aker Wright, representing the London
and Globe Company, purchased the
Leroy .mine at kRossland, B. . C, the
property , In which ex-Senator Turner,
Colonel Peyton and others, made their
fortunes. The \ deal was made about
six year* ago.
"So far as I know," said ex-Senator
Turner , to-day, "the poor -fellow was
'as straight as a string/ "
Ex-Senator 'Turner Believes in 'the
Promoter's 'Honesty.
KINDLY, WORD FOR WRIGHT.
PORT ARTHUR, Jan. .26.— It is re
ported that about 15Q' wagons /loaded
with army stores have -left 2 Lino Yang
daily for the past four days c f or the
Yalu River, where it' is?, Intended to
concentrate 80,000 Port' Arthur and
Mukden troops. The authorities claim
that the hostility of ' Japan compels
mobilization on the Yalu. ,
Mobilizing Troops on tlic.Yalu.
TOKIO, Jan: 26.— The Japanese Gov
ernment has diplomatically inti
mated to Baron de Rosen, the: Russian
Minister, that an early response Is de
sired to her recent note. It is calculated
here that Japan's note reached the
Russian Cabinet on • the j afternoon of
January 16, and it is felt that sufficient
time has elapsed for its consideration
and the preparation of a response. The
Japanese 'Government' is conscious of
the possible necessities of the military
and naval situation and is unwilling to
permit evasions and delays which are
designed to gain time.* • ¦.•/• ,; *;'
The future course, of the Japanese
Government is a carefully guarded se-'
cret. The length of time that Japan is
prepared to await 'the' pleasure of. Rus
sia is unknown. It seems probable that
it has been determined to act * de
cisively within a few days. •' :¦ .- .
The popular temper has long opposed
further delay. While many objected to
Japan taking the initiative, a majority
would now welcome the issuance of a
sia to Gain Time.
Tired of Evasions Employed by Rus-
JAPAN WANTS" PROMPT REPLY.
.PARIS, Jan. : 26.— The Korean lega
tion, while not officially informed of the
declaration of neutrality on the part of
Korea ig the event of. war betwe'en
Russia and Japan, believes £hat such a
declaration has been issued, as it is In
line with .information heretofore re
ceived.' The Minister of Korea said:
t ."By its proximity to Japan and Rus
sia our country is under the obligation
of maintaining good relations with both
powers: Consequently we can only re
main completely foreign to a conflict.
Should war come' the Korean .Govern
ment will use its troops to "prevent an
invasion by the Japanese on their way
to > Manchuria. 'We have 150,000 men well
equipped i to enforce our neutrality.
Moreover, we have 16,000,000 population,
from which reinforcements !can be
drawn. If Japan needs to transport
troops- she -must do so by sea.".-
;ln the Event of War.
Will Resist Landing of Mikado's Army
KOREA THREATENS JAPAN.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 26.— Under the
provisions of the treaty with China the
State Department Intends: to dispatch
at once by the shortest route Messrs.
Cheshire and Davidson,- the two Con
suls to Mukden and Antungl They will
be able to reach* their posts in five or
six weeks.
The Russian Government has entered
a formal denial with the State Depart
ment of the authenticity of the inter
view ascribed to M.' Plancon; $he , Rus
sian diplomatic agent at Port Arthur,
wherein this officer is. said. to have in
timated that Russia intended' to ob
struct the admission' of United ¦ States'
Consuls to Manchuria an'd~the exercise
by them of their proper functions.
Docs Xot Intend to Obstruct Admis
sion of American Consuls.
RUSSIA ENTERS A DENIAL.
According to the correspondent of the
Times in Peking. Prince Ching, admits
that the suggestion to invite the medi
ation of the powers came from the Rus
sian Minister. V ' .':• , ¦¦'•
Dispatches from both Toklo and Pe
king agree that as a result of China's
efforts to secure mediation France has
agreed to use her good offices, In con
junction with Great Britain and the
United States, to arrange a modus
vivendi between Russia and' Japan.
Further, the French Minister at Peking
has intimated to Prince. Chirig' his be
lief that if such mediation were suc
cessful the three powers' in question
could assist China in coming to an
equitable agreement with Russia re
garding Manchuria. Both the British
and American Ministers at Peking are
agreed, however, according to the dis
patch from Peking;, that such mediation
is impossible,. as neither of the powers
concerned has invited mediation pub
licly, and they have notified Prince
Ching in accordance with their deci
sion.
LONDON, Jan. 27.— The correspond
ent of the Dally Graphic at Sebastopol
claims indisputable -authority to assert
that Russia three weeks ago asked per
mission for warships to pass through
the Dardanelles, which permission Tur
key declined to grant. ." .
Declines to Permit Passage of Fleet
Through the Dardanelles.
SULTAN BALKS THE CZAR.
wish to know if he is still favorable to
the Russian cause.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 26.— Whitaker
Wright spent the summers of 1892,
1893 and 1894 in San Jose. He made
his home at the Hotel Vendome and
was accompanied by his wife and two
children. In 1892 he spent several
months here. He was trying to float
some gigantic mining scheme he had
In South America. He approached a
number -of moneyed men in this city
with the project, but they were afraid
of the investment.
Wright represented himself as a
man" of great wealth. He had many
men come to see. him while he was
here, but apparently was unable to d6
any business. All the time he main
tained ..his office in San Francisco and
made almost daily trips to that
city. He spoke about investing his
wealth in Santa Clara County and San
Jose property. In 1893 he took a fancy
to a fine residence on Stockton avenue
and was planning to buy it." In order
to see if it suited him he rented it
with the option of buying it. . After
two months he gave it up and moved
back to the Hotel Vendome.
' The next year Wright Bpent less
time here and lived entirely at the
Vendome. He met many of the local
financiers, but was unable to impress
them with the merits of his money
making schemes. Mrs.-Wrlght moved
in*. the highest social circles of San
Jose and the couple were well re
ceived. Wright would spend the week
days in his San Francisco office and
on Sundays would have "several pros
pective investors from the city as his
guests at the hotel. When Wright and
his family left here they lived for
some time in San Francisco and then
went to New York.
Efforts Made by Promoter to/ Engage
Capital Not Successful.
WRIGHT'S SAN JOSE CAREER.
Among the passengers that arrived
yesterday from Panama on the steam
ship Newport was John W. Reid, %vho
is interested in mines in the Kuban
district of the Caucasus mountains. He
says that even in that remote .spot
Russia's active preparation for war
was evident. Troops were moving from
all directions toward the scene of
probable conflict and Reid declares
that Russia is ready and able to give
the Japanese all the flght they want.
Reid speaks highly of Russia's atti
tude toward American enterprises on
Russian soil. He says the Czar's Gov
ernment has been misrepresented and
commends Russia as a fruitful field for
the enterprising white man who has
money enough to develop the opportu
nities any man of brain can find in
virgin plenty in numerous parts of that
broad land..
John W. Reid Says Troops Arc Mov
ing on Scene of Probable Conflict.
RUSSIA READY FOR WAR.
"Concerning Korea, Japan is show
ing groat caution in accepting Russia's
«i£Furances of Japanese paramount au
thority in Korea. Therefore Japan
feels that her safety requires the right
to fortSfy the coast of Southeast Korea,
Concerning these points and the gen
eral status of the negotiations, the fol
lowing semi-official statement, emanat
ing from the highest sources, is made:
"The question is undergoing alternate
periods of depression and encourage
ment. For three or four days it was
believed that a final agreement was
very near at hand, but yesterday the
situation became a little lesg hopeful.
Although this slightly unfavorable turn
continues, it is hoped that it will prove
a passing cloud, for the present situa
tion warrants neither optimism nor pes
simism, being so evenly balanced that
those intimately conversant with the
negotiations are unable definitely to
foresee. the final result.
First— In Manchuria Russia, declines
to concede such unrestricted admission
of Japanese as will permit the estab
lishment of Japanese settlements.
Second— In Korea Russia insists that
Japan's privileged position should not
permit her to establish control of the
ingress and egress of the sea of Japan
by fortifying the strait of Korea.
PARIS, Jan. 26.— The Russian an
swer has not yet been sent to Japan,
and it now develops that the points
of difference heretofore mentioned in
these dispatches have become the main
obstacles in the way of reaching an
agreement, even threatening the possi
bility of a deadlock in the negotiations.
There points are:
Russia and Japan Deadlocked on the
Main Issues.
STATUS OF NEGOTIATIONS.
it refmrs to the 'wicked insinuations"
of Wright's friends that a prosecution
r>t the case would involve the Duke of
Connaught. who did invest in one of
Wright's companies, but was not even
remotely involved in its doings.
Continued From Page 1, Column 4.
Norway has established a state work
lngmen's bank, which is to loan money
a^ low interest for the purchase pf
worklngmen's homesteads of one and a
quarter to five" acres, and the erection
of houses thereon at a cost not to ex
ceed $S04. The interest charge Is 3V£ or
4 per cent, and the refunding is to oc
cupy fourteen years.— New York Tri
bune.
Norway's State Banks.
brief ultimatum and a declaration of
war. if the ultimatum should prove
ineffective.
particularly Fusan; but Russia is un
willing to concede this, believing the
effect will be to make the sea of Japan
a closed sea, and that East Siberia
would be perpetually cut off from th«
ocean. The issue appears to be one
which affects the interests of maritime
powers as well as Russia. The latter
has rail outlets from the coast of the
sea of Japan, but the other powers are
without such means of communication,
and. it would seem, have great interest
in seeing that the entrance to the sea
remains unfortified and onen.
"Concerning Manchuria, the chief dif
ficulty still open is the limitation of
the right to establish Japanese set
tlements. Russia does not appear to
object to the full liberty of Japanese
coming or going individually for pur
poses of trade or otherwise, but she is
unwilling to concede rights permitting
Japanese settlements in villages, simi
lar to the foreign settlement at Shang
hai."
CUe HOLDS 10 ALL HE HAS TAKEN
In a recent newspaper article a Phil
ippine student at Georgetown Univer
sity, Bfmon Jose Lacson. quotes the
record to show that there were uni
versities in the Philippines before In
stitutions of 'as high a grade were es
tablished in the United States.
The subject of the powdfcr — or, as it
has been called, the spirit of artillery —
cannot be overlooked in the examina
tion of guns. In the last few years the
use of so-called smokeless powders has
become universal. These are all nltro
substitution products, and their princi
pal characteristic from an artillery
point' of view is the fact that the entire
weight, or very nearly the entire
weight, turns into gas. In the older
powders only about 60 per cent of the
weight was gasified, and the remaining
40 per cent was projected from .the gun .
in the form of dust and constituted a
considerable waste of ..energy. The point
not entirely' satisfactory in modern
powders Is their constancy in pressure
and velocity and stability in storage.
It is a question whether under the same
conditions of storage they are as stable
and safe as the old-fashioned "powder.
Indeed, there is every reason to be
lieve that they are not as safe or as
stable, and they are watched with great
care at stated times when stored. Inci
dentally, this powder gives little or no
smoke, which is usually but not always
an advantage.
Modern Powder Lacking.
This week 25 per cent reduction on
ev^ry heater in stock. San Francisco Gas
and Electric Company. 415 Post street. •
With increased and increasing de
mand for coal came the necessity for
opening out lower seams, and deeper
shafts meant a heavier capital expendi
ture in colliery enterprise. It is worthy
of remark how little the outside public
realize of. the great difficulties that
often have to be overcome in sinking
such as passing through water-bearing
strata or running sands — or of the enor
mous cost entailed by some colliery de
velopments, writes Professor R. A. S.
Redmayne in the Engineering Maga
zine.
As early as 1829 John Buddie In giv
ing evidence before the House of Lords
declared that the cost of sinking, even
then, was frequently £10,000 to £15,000,
and J. T. Taylor stated before a select
committee on rating of mines in 1857
that at Haswell colliery, in the county
of Durham, £40.000 was expended fn
contending with a quicksand, and that
the shaft had' ultimately to be aban
doned. At Murton colliery, a few miles
distant from Haswell, £300,000 was ex
pended in sinking; the quantity of
water pumped during the operation of
passing through the overlying magne
slan limestone bed amounted to an av
erage of 9305 gallons per minute from
a depth of 540 feet, ana thethree shafts
ultimately reached the Hulton seam at
a depth of 1488 feet from the surface In
April, 1843. Many deep and costly sink
ings — several much deeper than in the
last instance— have been put down since
the Murton "Winning, tmt none I believe
at a greater expenditure of capital,
owing doubtless to the greatly im
proved methods now employed in car
rying on such operations through
watery strata, notably the Kind-Chau
dron system, whereby the shaft Is
bored out and the side protected by
metal cylinders lowered from the sur
face; and the Poetsch or Goberat meth
ods, whereby the water is frozen in the
"running" sand or other water-bearing
stratum, and the shaft sunk through
the solid mass.
Britain's Costly Mining Methods.
Mrs. Foster does not ask for a di
vorce as she does not recognize that
she was ever legally married. She a3ka
that the marriage ceremony be set
aside and that she be allowed to re
sume "her former name of Alice M.
Kirkpatrick.
BUTTE. Mont., Jan. 28.— A sensa
tional suit has been begun in the Dis
trict Court here by Mrs. Alice M£ Fos
ter, a well known and popular employe
of one of the big mercantile establish
ments of Butte, to have her marriage
with C. W. Foster, a commercial trav
eler, widely known throughout Mon
tana and the coast cities, annulled by
an order of the court.
• In her complaint Mrs. Foster alleges
that they were married in Butte In
April, 1902. and moved to San Francisco,
where they resided after the marc-lag-*,
until she claims to have learned of the
existence of another wife from whom
she alleges her husband had never av
cured a divorce.
Special Dispatch to TSe Call.
Alleges That Her Husband Has
Another Spouse From Whom
He Never Secured a Divorce
3IAKES SERIOUS CHARGE
Mrs. Alice 31. Foster, Wife of
a Coriimerdal Traveler, Be
gins Sensational Proceedings
"Whitaker Wright." said Justice Big
ham, "in my opinion the jury could
not, on the evidence, arrive at any
other conclusion than which they
have expressed in their verdict. I con
fess I see nothing that in any way
excuses the crime of which you have
now been* found guiltyi and I cannot
conceive of a worse case than yours.
Under the sections of the act of Par
liament under which you have been
indicted, and which define the. offenses
in these circumstances, I do not think
that I have any option save to visit
you with the most severe penalty which
the act permits, and that is that. you
As Justice Bigham, in sharp and re
morseless tones, answered Walton,
Wright was peremptorily ordered to
stand up.
When the jury filed in at 3 o'clock
Wright showed his first signs of nerv
ousness. Peering through his glasses,
he leaned forward to catch tbe fore
man's answer. At the word Vguilty,"
which broke the tense, expectant si
lence, Wright did not even flinch, but,
sticking his hands^deep down into his
pockets and gazing rather grimly at
his Judge, he stood up to receive sen
tence. To the cry, of a woman, that
came from the back of the court, and
to the 1 realization that his career as
a man of business and honor was ended,
Wright seemed utterly oblivious. He
sat down mechanically, while Walton
made a plea for mercy.
Justice Bigham began summing up
to-day and the courtroom was crowd
ed. During several previous sessions
Wright had gone, to sleep. He had ad
hered to, his conviction that he could
not possibly be found. guilty and it was
upon this conviction that he, against
the advice of his lawyers/ insisted upon
returning from the United . States to
stand trial. As Justice Bigham empha
sized the points against Wright, expa
tiated to the jury, upon the immorality
of issuing misleading balance , sheets
and the doubtfulness of the transac
tions of the London and Globe Finan
cial Corporation under Wright's guid
ance, the prisoner showed intense in
terest; yet when the jury retired
Wright still retained confidence in his
acquittal. He reiterated that he had
done nothing which was not done
every day in the city.
For an hour Wright awaited the ver
dict, meanwhile talking cheerfully With
his counsel, while the city magnates,
members of the aristocracy and the
other spectators who crov/ded the room
kept their eyes riveted upon •„ the man
whose fate hung in the balance.
COOLLY II EARS SENTENCE.
death has caused much sorrow. ; He
was well known here for his acts of
generosity and it was generally be
lieved that he would be acquitted and
return home again." '
JUSTICE BIGHAM CRITICIZED.
The feeling that Justice Blgham's
conduct of the case was not very judi
cial appears to grow in legal circles of
London, and the sentence imposed upon
Wright In itself would have supplied
England with an unexpected sensation.
Until counsel commenced pleading the
actual trial of Whitaker Wright scarce
ly aroused that keerTvpublic interest
which was exhibited when Wright was
in the United States or -when Parlia
ment decided^he did .not' come within
the pale of lawbreakers. When Messrs.
Isaacks and Walton started to make
their appeal to the Jury the people
awoke to the gravity of the issues con
cerned. Even the Government was in
volved,'for it had taken the-" stand
that Wright could not be prosecuted.
Furthermore, it was an open, secret
that many great and even royal names
were indirectly involved in the pro
ceedings. Friends of Wright had said
that, if driven into a* corner, he would
tell who had profited by" his transac
tions. Suspense reigned, in many
quarters while counsel for the defense
made their appeal, but when the ap
peal was finished those / involved
breathed easier and public curiosity re
mained unsatisfied.
WRIGHT AWAITS VERDICT.
- Dealing with the evidence Justice
Bigham described as singular the way
in which thousands of pounds sterling
became millions on paper, so far as
the Lakeview shares were concerned.
The London and Globe and Standard
were gambling, concerns, which excited
his indignation. In the course of hia
long experience, Justice Bigham said,
he had never before heard of- anything
like- the transactions which preceded
the hopeless bankruptcy of the London
and Globe Financial Corporation.
Justice Bigham concluded his refer
ence" to Wright's career by referring to
the position which the defendant
claimed to have occupied InNew York
and Philadelphia, and said Wright had
built up a fine position for himself in
two or three years, and if it was neces
sary, to. secure a motive for his actions
It would be found in his desire to main
tain this position. At the same time it
was said that after -the crash of the
London and Globe Financial Corpora
tion he found, himself with $1,500,000 to
$2,000,000 in worthless securities.
In charging the jury Justice Big
ham gave evidence of the utmost bias.
He said he would ask the Jurors to find
a general verdict of guilty or not guilty.
If they were satisfied that Wright was
guilty of one or more of the charges
they must not be deterred from find
ing a verdict of guilty by the sujcsres
tion that such a verdict would .cast a
slur upon the memory of Lords Duf
ferin and Loch. It would not -do any
thing of the kind. Their conduct was
consistent in their having honestly
made mistakes.
BIASED CHARGE TO JURY.
Suddenly Wright, fell backward, as
if he had fainted The officer who was
waiting to take him t9 Brixton Prison
ran to King> College Hospital, which
is near by, for - a doctor. In the mean
while the unconscious man was propped
up on two chairs. The doctor came
quickly.' His -first thought was that
Wright had fallen in an ordinary apo
pleDtlc fit, but it was. noticed that his
heart began gradually to give out,
and before another doctor could ar
rive Whitaker Wright, within one hour
of the time of his sentence, was dead.
An examination of the Dody. made at
a late hour to-night, points strongly to
the fact that death was due to poison.
The post-mortem examination will be
held on Wednesday. Throughout the
evening a crawd of curious persons
lingered around the law courts and in
order to avoid scenes the body of
Wright had to be. taken out by a side
entrance and conveyed almost by
stealth to the mortuary.
FALLS AS IX A FAINT.
"Oh, never mind," said Wright; "I
don't mind it a. bit," and .with, a firm
step and looking in perfect health the
convicted man strode to the consulta
tion room to take farewell of his so
licitors.
For some twenty minutes Wright dis
cussed his family affairs and the dis
position, of his remaining money. He
frankly expressed his amazement at
the verdict, and still more^so at the
sentence, but George LeWis' s Jr., his so
licitor, tells the press, that he spoke
rather as a man prepared to "grin and
bear.it" than as a man who contem
plated suicide.
'It was apparent that he would have
said more, but two tipstaffs took him
by the arms and led him out of court.
i A friend pressed forward to offer his
condolences.
The crowd in court gasped in sur
prise. Wright was almost the only per
son present who appearejJ to be un
moved. Then, turning to the ' reporters
in the,, room, rather than, to his Judge,
he cried out in a firm voice:
"All I can say is that I am as inno
cent of any intention to deceive as any
one in this room." .
go into ''penal servitude for seven
years." ';- ' .
COURT CROWD ASTONISHED.
rant for his arrest had been issued in
London five days previously, but Wright
had already left for the United States.
He was accused of having absconded
with funds of the London and Globe
Finance Corporation, by which the
stockholders lost more than $111,000,000.
j The ostensible purpose of the London
and Globe company was to facilitate
investments by the shareholders in va
rious enterprises, ranging from mines
developed and undeveloped to street
railways and water works.
Whitaker Wright was a broker in
Philadelphia and New York. Wright
was one of the biggest plungers on the
exchange. He also invested heavily In
West Australian mines. After making
more than J15.000.000 out of them he
"went broke." Then he went to Lon
don, where he floated the London and
Globe.
The financial crash of the companies
floated by Wright came in December,
1900. There were eleven of these, includ
ing the parent company, entitled the
London and Globe Finance Corpora
tion, with a total capitalization of $60.
675,000. Wright was managing director.
One of the victims of the crash was
the late Marquis of Dufferin and Ava,
formerly Governor General of Canada
and later British Ambassador in Paris.
He consented to be chairman' of the
London and Globe and had 25,000 shares
in the different companies. With Lord
Dufferin on the board of directors were
Lieutenant General Gough-Calthrop,
who. was colonel of the Fifth Dragoon
Guards, and Lord Edward William Pel
ham-Clinton, master of Queen Victo
ria's household, son of. the fifth Duke
of Newcastle. When the crash came
Lord Dufferin was severely censured
for his connection with the Wright
companies, but in a frank speech to the
stockholders of the London and Globe
he declared his position and won the
sympathy of his countrymen.
Much American money was lost in
the failure of the Wright companies.
There was a great outcry against the
attitude of the authorities in not pros
ecuting^ Wright and his fellow directors,
and a petition was circulated on the
London Stock Exchange, signed by
many influential men, demanding the
prosecution of Wright.
Few millionaires lived in as princely
style as did Whitaker Wright.
Continued From Page 1, Column 2.
SUES TO ANNUL
THE MARRIAGE
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 27, 1904.
WHITAKER WRIGHT COMMITS SUICIDE IN COURT
AFTER BEING SENTENCED TO PENAL SERVITUDE
2
DB. KILMER'S SWAMP-BOOT. ___^_^
Almost every one, from personal experience, knows that the effects of any kind of sevens physical
strain are feit, first of all, in the small of the back -in other words in those Vital Organs, the Kidneys.
This is as true in the case of the very powerful as it is with one of less strength, and it is especially
true whenever the kidneys are weak or out of order:
The Great Kidney Remedy, Swamp Root, strsngthens the kidneys and through them helps all the
other organs.
WOMEN suffer untold misery because the nature of their disease is not always correctly understood; in
many cases when doctoring they are led to believe that womb trouble or female weakness of some sort is
responsible for their ills, when in fact disordered kidneys are the chief cause of their distressing troubles.
Perhaps you suffer almost continually with pain in the back, bearing-down feelings, headaplie and utter ex-
haustion.
— — — T^ | YOUR poor health makes j-ou nervous, irritable and at times despond-
Didtft KnOW I Had XluIlBy TfOUDlB em. But thousands of just such suffering or broken-down women are be-
, » inp restored to health and strength every day by the use of that wondcr-
i had trie* ro many ™«iw without th*ir ful discovery. Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Ftoot, the great kidney, liver and
¦avlns l*r.*!".te<5 me that I *vas about <5ie- bladder remedy.
~^ T~Z T \ 1^ — ~Z~ X — ... ., — JT7~r NOT only does Swamp-Root bring
•^^^S^v I To-Day 1 am in Splendid Health | new lifc and activity to the kidneys ,
/7 : jSH&J-^v x^^x^£^ y %^&> the cause of - the trouble ' but by
/r : -s\V U " fk *' * rii " h " n l flnaUy WaS aWe l ° ' eaVe strengthening the kidneys it acts as
// fef^K^^-lV\ >^^ a general tonic and food for the en-
t \ //''^m^^^\ [Swamp-Root a Blessing to Woman'
couraj:'-.:. I H I a text daj« aft*r trtk:r.g your i^yV'^ I '' "* V^v^- ' '' I
• I was out t health and run down generally; r^^i moo u n m/'wVp/Vo if-P) \>7l tX '^ «feS-"" "" 'f^SBl^ i v^l I
!,:: anuetite. was dizzy and suffered with \\\\ mS ' H - N - \j[f l^VVjafk. ?^1
r-^ch. most cf the time. 1 did not know mv M j wag , eft wUh excruciatlnK pain8 ln »^^I^^^^^SW^ I
that : y kidneys v..r- ih. cause of my trouble. my back which convinced me that I had a XW^Sg^aCTWS^Bt • " Ml
! Bomeh a felt they rr.ight be, and 1 |pj:an revere kidney trouble. My physical condition \ W°^> ! F?^Tff«fm r 't&fiSB^i«i' i: l ¦- ''^* I
lukSnpr Fwseh-R. >t. .•¦' :.!¦%«¦ stated. There was such that I had no strength and was all \\$«§|8$' '**?§§®a^^^^^®^f^' /
:- - •¦ ¦ ai ¦... .--.r; -.->¦.. to Swamp-Root »n1 it ru^. down. ,„,,..,, , , \ V ii &^^SCT&vSdl. r ' : - I '>S Ji^3;- : J**V*/ /
., -..,:••.¦: ,¦ , ;„ I «T" Leale out of v^^lPf^L^i
' ' '' ¦¦•¦¦¦ H ' :-> cured me, making me a tr j a ;_ \ VVvVftiV^i^i'^lL' r *?K/Wy /
Ftr rurrr ai I better ln • v. ry way, and I cheer- I procured a bottle and insMp of throe >Iays \vVVl\^^^*w«^5'x
ful :< rmmend ii to all sufferers. Gratefully commenced t-> eet relief. 1 followed up that N^l\\\\\\vjf«5w^V/
voar« um. » t wat Km bottle with another and at the completion of \/«\\YV% » WiW V^^
M ; V ,.,itV V 4,1 7 r thlB one f<>und 1 •*¦ e»«nt4etel» cured. My N>^\X\^-%\>^</
4j " cgt Lind g" *»-• Atlanta. Ga. strength returned and to-day I am as well as <VC\ .W^-^ ¦•-**«<<¦ SK&y
— — ever >^J\\ MRS. EL AUSTIN. \Jl7
THE MILD and extraordinary ef- I^T^^t^V^A^^ W
-'wdZZ'JZ I t tam0UJ R kI( ! ney and r,arx^SA u .: ss « *«— ™<*- ¦^•j* •- ,«^
•JUaaer remea\, 3uamp-Koot, is soon exceedingly gratifying to me. Swamp-Root is much run down. I had great difficulty in rs-
reahzed It stands the hii?ri«»^r fnr Pleasant to take. Sincerely yours. * tainin? my urine and was obllsed to pass
-, , ( / r . B"" 1 *«« MRS. H. N. WHEELER, water verj- »ften nieht and day. After I had
ItS wonderful cures of the most dlS- 29 I-rcsrect ,t.. Lynn. Mas... ured a FampIe bottle of Dr . Kilmer's Swamp-
tressinp cases. A trial will convince any one — and you jnay have a sam- n ° ot> F " nt me on my re< i uest - l experienced re-
ple bottle fent free bv mail llef ftnd l immediately bought of my druggist
'!,, ,^1-inrr n,- L'*;i^,^ •" c t» rr , two large bottles and cpntinued taking it regu-
ln taking Dr. Kilmer a Swamp- Root you afford natural help to i ar iy. i am pleased to say that Swamp-Root
mature, lor >wamp-Koot is the most perfect healer and gentle aid to the cured me entirely. I can now stand on my fen
kidneys that has ever been discovered. Don't make any mistake but re- a11 day wlthou t any bad eymptoms whatever.
dr^iShSSS xT^ R n Ot eve?v\ott£ er ' S Swam P" Root ' a " d ' the ad " ESSSRZSZ SS^tS^
•^ i^— — ! ."'_ - Dome. N 19 Nassau St.. Brooklyn. N. Y.
To Prove What SWAMP-ROOT. the Great Kidney, Liver and Bfadoer Remedy, Will do
for YOU, Every Reader ot The Call May Have a Sample : '
Bottle Sent Free by Mail.
mav f,^J T ° R ? AL NOTIC E->. T o matter now many doctors you have tried-no matter how much money you""
Rom > iriX n ; t "" othcr medicines, you really owe it to yourself and to your family, to at least give Swamp-
Root a tnal. Its .strongest friends to-day are those who had almost given up hope of ever becoming well
2S3££? succ t e "' ul « bwamp-Root in promptly curing even the most distressing cases, that to ove k
ree bv mTil a S K 3 n° U "? y Mm P lc 'JottI e of this wonderful discovery, Swamp-Root, sent absolutely
lane's of SSimSSl ? t, -5 ?" ab ° Ut Swam P- Root - and containing many of the thousands upon thou-
sands ot testimonial letters received from men and women who owe their good health, in fact their very lives,
vr, r, H ? curative properties. In writing to Dr. Kilmer & Co., Binghamton, N. Y., bC sure to say that
S^££%£S5h?^£ San i Fr / nciscO - Da i'>' Cal1 - The Proprietors of this paper guara.Sc the
its hold for a whHe. . Why?
Because to get* rid of it you
must correct* the add con-
ditioitof the blood on whicb
it. depends. Hood's Sarsa-
pariHahas cured thousands.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Rheumatism
Does not let* go of you
when you apply lotions or
Emments. It* simply loosens
. BZGAZ. SHOES.
'SB R^S^ Shoe advertising
Wm . has never dealt in
jj^m glittering generalities.
What we say is defi-
>^^^^l| nite- We make positive statements
/MSM lf||0rVk an<^ P rove them. We had done this
fill™lilili^ without realizing its importance,
(ra|||^ypS^ .shoes with the buzz-saws in our
ISwlslSfJia When we found that 90 per cent.
iHSS^K of other $ 3 * 50 shoes had chcap
liiPsitPlrll hemlock soles, we knew the import-
lj§|i|9|p$|L ance o *" our own honest, solid, oak-
liiiifirA^ tanned soles— and we invented the
''&BgMJ8fe8Wp| "Window of the Sole/' a detachable
ilaBp|jH|^HHi! leather is. No other shoe is submit-
When we saw weak upper leather
\Mra|ira§§pr reinforced with canvas to make it
nold together Jong enough to sell,
\a«BjB|r we knew the importance of " King
Calf" — our own special tanning; the
>S^ finest, the smoothest, most pliable,
most durable leather ever put into shoes.
There are other definite facts we would like you to
know— facts that we think will convince you.
There are 60 Rrs-i\l stores, SO of them In Greater New York, where th« rtyl**
originate. The new styles are on sale at our San Francisco store at th« sanio Ua«
as In the Xew York stores. , - ¦ . , ••- .- <• ;
< : < San Francisco Store, Cor. Geary and Stockton Sts.The Pope Is the head of over 250,000,
000 human beings, or nearly one
seventh of the population of the globe.
The old style Indians still are.pictur- [
esque in the use of language. . An at
tempt was made to force the allotment
question to a vote in the Osage nation
recently. This action aroused . sus
picion ar.d violated the tradition that !
an Indian statesman should never do '
anything in a hurry. One of the chiefs, j
Big Heart by name, was anxious for a '
vote, but feared to force it, and ad- }
vised, adjournment till the . following '
day. Red Eagle." principal chief, with >
rings in his ears, and his blanket drap- j
ed majestically about Tiim, "said: "We
should not do things like a rrian who
drops a live coal in the water, and
bring everything" to an cnC at once."—
Kansas City Journal. . . v ' .
Indian Philosophy.
The sermon of a British vicar charg
ing great immorality in the pottery
towns in Staffordshire has caused dls
cussion of life in the potteries. A curi
ous feature is speculation on the liv^s
of others. The business of the insur
ance'companies there is largely direct
ed to persuading people to insure the
lives of others as a speculation. Wives
are urged- to insure their husbands,
and sons and daughters to take, out a
policy on .their parents' lives. For a
penny a week a girl insures her father
for £5. Xo medical examination is re
quired, and it is simply a gamble on
death. This was amusingly shown by
a recent case. A doctor in one of the
pottery towns was reported to be dying
of cancer. The rumor was false, and
the doctor, completely recovered of nts
illness, was surprised to learn that hi.s
charwoman had staked two pence a
week on his death.— New York Tribune.
Grcwsomc Form of Gambling.
Washington— Joseph Anderson, Seattle, sash
fastener; Horatio M. Buck., Burlington, kiln;
William H. Coffett. Anacortes. can weighing
machine: William .1. Cranford. Spokane, felly
Joint holder; Phillip E. Fisher. Spokane. . pipe
coupling: .Fred B. Fulton. Anacortes, assignor
one-halt to Letpon and Burpee. Fairhaven and
Vancouver. Canada, can filling machine; James
Jenkins, Ituckley, combination tool; Kate A.
Johnson. Lorene. fruit jar holder: John McLar
ty, Seaatle, attachment for bicycles.
Thy following: patents were issued to-day: !
California — Charles Blagburn. San Francisco,
apparatus for preserving perishable substances;
Fred H. Brown. Los Aneeles, admlnlsterln*
f-lectrical vibrations: K. E. Chapman atsslgnor
to Bottle Closure Company. L,os Angeles, clos
ure; Louis C. Ue Carli. San Jose, label holder
for library Shelves: Frederick \V. Farrant. San
Francisco, glove: Irving H. Fay, Indlo, as
plgnor to F. Stebler, Riverside, fruit feeders; !
Francis J. Gross, San Francisco, vaginal
syringe; Frank A. Howard, Fresno, nut lock;
Thomas TV. Johnson, San Francisco, water tube
boiler: John Morawetz. Castella, gopher trap;
Hiram J. Russell. Crescent Mills, combined con
centrator and amalgamator: John J. Tartt, Loa
Angeles, trolley pole. ¦ «
Oregon — Oliver Glltner, Portland, ventilating
fan. ,- " j
WASHINGTON. Jan. 20. — Postmasters com
missioned: California — Maria L. Damond,
Bend. Fourth-class postmasters appointed:
California— Phillip F. Unger. Hodson, Cala
veraH County, vice Walter F. JLanlgan. re-
Mpred. Oregon— Mrs. Ella Tyler, Bruce, Ben.
ton County, vice Lucinda Norwood, resigned.
Army orders — First J-icutonant Reginald E.
McNally, Third Cavalry, goes from Fort As
elnabolne, Montana, to San Francisco for treat
ment.
Several Minor Changes Arc Made in
the Postal Service and Patents
Issued to Inventors.
OF INTEREST TO PKOPL.E
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
It costs about $6,235,000 to operate the
Government Printing Office.
Newfoundland, according to the cen
sus of 1901. has a population of 220.984.
The main industry is fishing. The sea
coast along which most of the people
are settled is the most sterile and un
productive portion of the island, where
only potatoes, turnips, cabbage, hay
and oats are raised.
New License Rule.
The Police Commissioners last
night adopted a resolution requiring
all applicants for liquor licenses who
have not been residents of San Fran
cisco for one year to present certifi
cates of character from the Chief of
Police of the city in which they last
lived. #
Boston terriers are fashionable in
New York, and a pair of them have
been sold for £400. The breed dates
back; says the "Queen," for less than
twenty-six years.
A pair of Chinese raazarin-blue vase3
fetched £3832 10s at Christie's sale
rooms recently, a pair of old Worces
ter vases £861, and a Louis XV oblong
table £1900.
NEW YORK. Jan. 26. — The follow
ing Californians are in New York:
From San Francisco — Mrs. A. Arnold,
at the Wood: J. W. Cuthbert, at the
Earlington: Miss P. Larrington and H.
Marian, at the Rossmore:S. A.Mayer,
at the Criterion; F. G. Miner, at the
Navarre; J. Mossawir, at the Raleigh;
C. A. Nares, at the Earlington: Mrs.
H. L. Prior, at the Navarre; 1 W. R.
Tredvvay, at the Morton; C. Weils
munster, at the Broadway Central; L..
Atwood, at the Gilsey; R. Christie, at
the Grand Union: F. V.' Lee, at the
Manhattan; E. R. Munzy, at the Im
perial; F. I. Monson, at the Grand
Union.
From Los Angeles — B. Gaylord, at
the Netherland.
Californians In New York.
At this point the Armour manager,
in the opinion of some of the traders,
determined to repeat the effort to dis
pose of part of the long Armour line,
in which move he was Da Iked by the
bears yesterday. Valentine left the pit
and brokers began at once to execute
selling orders. In an instant pande
monium broke loose. Every operator in
the pit to be trying to sell,
with the result that the price dropped
*£c at a trade until the low mark of
ST^ic was reached. Apparently to stem
th<» tide the Armour interests were
forced to change the orders to sell into
orders to buy and the bears were again
balked after having won a second tem
porary victory in two days over the
most feared of the big bulls.
The market opened quietly with no
indication of the sensational drop in
prices soon to occur. Traders were un
certain as to the significance of yes
terday's big trade and Valentine added
to their confusion by openly buying
May wheat to the extent of 750,000
bushels, selling at the same time about
100,000 bushels of wheat for July deliv
ery. Under the influence of his buy
ine the price rose Me and to all ap
pearances the bull interests held com
plete sway.
CHICAGO, Jan. 26.— The wheat pit
of the Board of Trade was the scene
of successive bear triumphs and dis
comfiture to-day. Within a period of
ten minutes the price of wheat for May
delivery fell 2>^c a bushel, a loss which
was more than recovered, the closing
quotation for the day showing a net
gain of 'ic as compared with last
niehfs final figures. For a time A. J.
Valentine, president of the Armour
Grain Company and manager of J. Os
don Armour's interests on the Board of
Trade, was in the pit personally buying
all the May wheat offered, and at this
time the owner of wheat for that
month's delivery seemingly could have
disposed of any quantity of it at 89?4e.
After Valentine had left the pit the
bears, confident in his absence, made
a successful raid into the Armour do
main and May wheat was worth S7*4c.
Such, at least, is one interpretation put
upon the enigmatic operations con
ducted in the pit through the repre
sentatives of various commission
houses. Other gossip is to the effect
that the wholesale selling was really
tor the Armour account.
The streets are filled to-night with
people who have come out to witness
the illuminations and the crowd is
probably more enthusiastic and greater
than upon any other occasion of the
present reign. The palaces are over
crowded with visiting royal personages
and numerous royal guests are quar
tered at the hotels.
Among the guests expected to-mor
row are King George and Prince Jo
hann George of Saxony, Prince and
Princess Friederieh Karl of Hesse and
Prince Hohenzollern, the Grand Duke of
Mecklenburg-Schwerin, the Duke of
Coburg-Gotha and the Grand Duke and
'Grand Duchess of Saxony.
BERLIN, Jan. 26.— The general re
joicing over the recovery of Emperor
William from his recent throat trouble
is expressed in the unexampled prepa
rations that are being made for the
celebration of his birthday to-morrow.
King Leopold of Belgium arrived
here to-night and was welcomed at the
railroad station by the Emperor and
the Crown Prince with hearty greet
ings.
Distinguished Guests Gather at
German Capital to Celebrate
Birthday of the Emperor
Pit of the Board of Trade of
Chicago Is Scene of Bear
Triumphs and Discomfitures
GREAT FLURRY
IN MAY WHEAT
BERLIN GREETS
ROYAL VISITORS
General Organizer James A. Gray of
the American Federation of Labor, who
went to Los Angeles, has returned tr>
this city. He will leave here in a few
days for Fort Bragg, where he will try
to straighten out the labor troubles
that exist there.
Union No. 10 of the Brotherhood of
Painters and Decorators of America
has come out victorious in the conten
tion that has existed between itself and
Union No. 19 of the same craft.
This is the craft in which two
elements have been contending for
supremacy since the recent elec
tion for officers. Both sides laid
claim to regularity and the dispute was
submitted to headquarters in the East,
with the .result that a dispatch wan
received yesterday recognizing the
Sheehan side and declaring the Brund
age-Russell body illegal.
President E. J. Lynch of the National
Polishers' Association, who is here on
business of his craft, is meeting with a
warm reception by the local union.
PAINTERS' AND DECORATORS'
UNIONS DISPUTE ENDED
Union Xo. 10 Is Given Decision by
National Body in Contention
With No. 11>.
Let us fit your hand to a Waterman,
Regal or Marshall Fountain Pen. Pric«
$1.00 to $5.00 each. Sanborn, Vail & Co. •
WASHINGTON, Jan. 26. — Delegate
Kalanianole of Hawaii to-day intro
duced a bill appropriating $30,000 to
reimburse that Territory for main
taining its lighthouses from the time
the Territory became United States
territory until its lighthouses were
taken under Government control.
Congress to Reimburse Hawaii.
at San Diego and the rebuilding of the
quarantine station on a new site at the
same place.
As the result of the efforts of London
dock and shipping companies 89,611 rats
were killed in the port of London in
1902.
S. L. Gillin, chief accountant for
II. H. Yard, who is surveying a rail
road up the Feather River, is at the
Palace.
James H. Hardin. a wealthy cattle
man of Nevada, is at the Palace.
. T. W. Heintzelman, a railroad man
of Sacramento, is at the Grand.
William Bray, a mining man of
Placerville, is at the Grand.
E. F. Prifice. a timber man of Ash
land, Wis., is at the Occidental.
John J. Johnson of Wisconsin, who
is to take charge of the Scott & Van
Arsdale " lumber millff In Shasta
County, which are now owned by the
Stewarts of Wisconsin, has arrived
from the East and is staying at the
Palace.
J. B. Robinson, phief engineer of
the Diamond Match Company's road,
is down from Chico and registered at
the Palace.
Dr. J. B.' Wakefield of San Jose is
at, the Occidental.
Rev. J. F. Trivett and wife of Gil
roy are staying at the Occidental.
Rev. J. O. Lincoln of San Mateo
registered at the' Occidental yester
day.
Captain A. Crowe of Portland Is at
the Occidental.
PERSONAL.
/lleyburn of Idaho made his '.first
speech in the Senate In support of a
resolution introduced by himself pro
hibiting railroad/ companies from
taking up land in a solid body in lieu
of land in forest reservations. 3 /
A number of bills were passed, in
cluding one for a memorial bridge
across the Potomac River at Wash
ington.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 26. — The time
of the Senate to-day was again''di
vided between consideration of the
Panama question and other subjects.
There was only one speech on the
canal, and it was made by Stone of
Missouri, who spoke to a resolution
directing the Senate Committee on
Foreign Relations to make an inves
tigation into the Panama revolt. He
contended that the circumstances
indicated complicity cm the part of
the United States in the secession of
Panama and urged that, in the inter
est of the country's good name, all
the facts, should be known.
Reiterates Charge That United States
Aided Panama Secession.
STOXE TALKS OX CAXAL.
Up to a late hour no one had appeared
at the Morgue to claim the body and
i*. is not known whether any relatives
reside in this city. A letter from Man-
Itou, Colo., addressed to Otto Wiede
meier, Alturas, in the same State, in
reference to some stock certificates,
may shed some light upon his identity.
Wiedemeier bought the tailor shop at
153 Ninth street about three weeks ago.
A sign on the door reads. "Will be
back in ten minutes."
While walking in the sand, dunes
north of the Sutro Baths last evening
about 5 o'clock William Roach of 313
Cough street came across the dead
body of a man supposed to be that of
Otto R. C. Wiedemelei^ A caDinz
wound above the right temple, from
which the blood was still oozing, and
a SS-callber revolver lying alongside thn
body indicated the cause of death. Th*
Coroner was notified and the body was
removed to the Morgue.
The dead man was welt dressed and
bore every evidence . of refinement.
About $80 in gold and greenbacks wai
found in the pockets of the clothing,
also C0.0OO shares of miscellaneous min
ing stock in various Colorado com
panies. The identification was estab
lished by the mining stock and several
letters. A bill of sale for a tailor. shop
at 153 Ninth street from John Lune
burg and a card bearing the inscrip
tion J. B. Arnold. 792 Capp street, were
also found on the body.
CorDoral Lewis of the Sixty-fourth
Company of Coast Artillery, stationed
at Fort Miley. said he saw the deceased
about three-quarters of an hour before
the finding of the body and thought his
actions were peculiar.
President Mitchell practically de
clined, an increase of $2000 a year in
his salary when a resolution was intro
duced to increase it from $3000 to $3000.
When put to a vote it seemed that
fully two-thirds of the House voted
aye. He declared the resolution lost,
and when there was a call for a divi
sion he ignored it. With a rap of his
gavel, he declared the motion lost and
closed the debate. Several delegates
objected, saying that they desired to
go on record as favoring the raise, and
they were told they could submit their
objections in writing.
Indianapolis was chosen for the con
vention next year, and President Mitch
ell, Vjce President Lewis and Secre
tary-Treasurer Wilson were unani
mously re-elected.
INDIANAPOLIS, Jan. 26.— The Unit
ed Mine Workers completed the work
of their fifteenth annual convention to
day. The joint wage conference with
the operators will begin to-morrow.
The operators will, make the assertion
that, while the miners are not asking
for an increase in the mining scale now
in. effer* the run of mine bases and
the difrerential «of 7 cents flat would
mean a heavy increase. The. present
mining contract, covering all opera
tions in four districts, will expire on
April 1.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET.
N. \\\, WASHINGTON, Jan. 26.—Cali
fornia's delegatkm in Congress has
agreed on the matter of a camp and
maneuver grounds. The agreement
reached will be represented either by
a new bill to be introduced by Con
gressman Daniels or by amendments to
the pending bill to the effect that an
appropriation is to be made in the sum
of $500,000 for the purchase of grounds
in San Luis Obispo and Monterey coun
ties, California, if the area is not less
than 24,000 acres, for a permanent camp
ground for the regular army and Na
tional Guard of the Western States.
No particular ground is named and the
matter of a choice between the two
ranches, for it is admitted Santa Mar
parita is out of it, will be left to the
War Department. This removes all
contention and it is thought practically
secures to California the camp ground,
which is the only aim of the delegation.
The deficiency bill will be amended
po as to provide the sum found to be
necessary for the erection of a Federal
building at Los Angeles. An appropria
tion had been made of 5175,000, but the
condemnation proceedings to secure the
site resulted in the discovery that this
sum was just $19,760 short of being
r-nouch. Backed by the recommenda
tion of Secretary Shaw, calling upon
Congress to take immediate action, the
appropriation will be increased to
Senator Perkins introduced a bill to
day requiring an annual inspection of
srapuing Failing vessels and barges of
300 sross tons or over and which are
:r.ore than twenty years of age.
The Naval Affairs Committee to-day
ordered a favorable report on Perkins'
bill making an appropriation of $200,000
for the removal of the quarantine sta
tion to make- room for a coaling station
?j<ecial Dispatch to Tlie Call
Once again the crack of the pistol
has sounde'd in Chinatown, and a mur
derous highbinder has nearly earned
his blood money. Ng See" Poy, a well
known Chinese physician, lies at the
point of death at the Central Emer
gency Hospital from two bullet wounds
received last night about 8:30 o'clock
while on his way to answer what sub
sequently proved to have been a fic
titious call. The shooting occurred in
the rear of 1007A Stockton street, and
the colice have taken into custody a
Chinese giving the name of Ah Sam
on suspicion of having been implicated
in the attempted murder.
Shortly after S o'clock Ng See Poy.
who conducts a drug store at 824 Du
pont street, was visited "by a China
man about 23 years of age, who stated
that one of his relatives was seriously
ill and in need of the immediate ser
vices of a physician. The doctor ac
companied the man to the address
given. The guide entered a dark pas
sageway that leads to a rear court.
After crossing this yard and entering
another dwelling, Ng See Poy was
pounced upon by three Chinamen, who
beat him over the head with* the butt
end of a revolver, relieved him of his
cash and then' fired two shots into his
body. .
Patrolman Bert Wren was standing
at the corner of Jackson and Stockton
streets when the shooting occurred and
immediately ran to the scene. In the
inky darkness he was unable at first
to find the victim, but was at
tracted to him by his groans. The
wounded man was found lying at the
foot of a stairway, weltering In a pool
of blood. One of the bullets had pene
trated the left breast and the other
had lodged in the abdominal cavity.
Patrolmen McGrayan, C. W. Brown
and Collins and' Detective McMahon
were soon upon the scene and the
wounded man was removed to the hos
pital.
A search was then made for some
clew to the perpetrators of the crime
and the weapon with which the deed
was committed. A white man living
immediately in the rear of the house
In which the shooting occurred inform
ed Patrolman Wren that he had seen
a Chinaman come downstairs before the
crime and after the shots were fired
run upstairs. The officer, upon search
ing the building; found Ah Sam in an
upper room. The Chinamari was lying
in his bunk and complained of severe
intestinal pains. His" hat and coat were
on the floor, as if they had been hur
riedly discarded. As he failed to give
a satisfactory account of his move
ments during the evening he was taken
into custody, and in the excitement fol
lowing the arrest he forgot that he had
been feigning illness.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 26.— The Civil
Service Commission in its report to the
President for the fiscal year ended
June 30 last urges legislation retiring
superannuated Government employes.
It suggests that Congress provide that
the further admission of persons into
the classified service shall be based on
a condition that they uhall provide
against their own superannuation or
other disability by adequate annuity
insurance, the premiums to be deduct
ed from their salaries, and that super
annuation and disability annuities for
those now in the service should also
be provided for as far as possible by
similar deductions from salaries.
The commission notes a continued
improvement in the observance of the
civil service act and rules, and says
that few complaints appear to be well
founded. The report makes the fol
lowing reference to the postoffice in
vestigation:
"As a result of the investigation into
the conduct of business in the Post
office Department a number of officers
and employes of that department have
been indicted. An inspection of the
commission's record shows that none
of those indicted entered the service
through competitive examination. This
should be gratifying to the advocates
of the merit system, who hold that em
ployes secured through fair, open com
petition are likely to have a greater
degree of integrity as well as efficiency
than employes appointed under the
patronage system."
Thirty Thousand Shares of
Mining Stock Are Found in
Pockets of the Unfortunate
As Chairman of Convention,
N He Declares the Motion Is
Lost and Overrules Objections
Deficiency Bill (o Be Amended
to Provide for a New Federal
Building: at Los Angeles
Police Take Ah Sam Into Cus
tody, Believing Him to Be
Implicated in the Affair
Suggestion Made That All
Officials Be Required to Take
Out Annuity Insurance
ANNUAL REPORT IS FILED
"geographical" Democrats it would be
much larger.
Referring to Boutell's statement
that Roosevelt would be the Repub
lican nominee, Williams said:
"You have gone' so far, you cannot
go back and you are going to stand
pat on him."
In answer to a question by Boutell,
Williams announced himself positively
on the silver question.
• "Conditions are such that the silver
question has been relegated to the
rear," he declared, amid Democratic
applause.
Williams -explained that he was
speaking simply as a Representative
of the Eighth Mississippi District arid
for himself alone.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 26.— Boutell
of Illinois addressed the House for
nearly two hours to-day in a reply to
statements made by Williams of Mis
sissippi, the minority leader, in his
"stand pat" speech of a few days ago.
Williams in turn replied to Boutell.
The House had under consideration
at the time the urgent deficiency bill.
Boutell received close attention of both
sides of the chamber and when he
spoke of the passing of the last trace
of bitterness between the North and
South he was loudly applauded on
both sides. Boutell was humorous
and grave, pathetic and poetic.
Williams in his reply was likewise
humorous. Befeiring to the Philip
pines, he said:
"If that is another thing you want
to stand pat on, stand pat, then, on
your un-American, old European
army, military camp, grab-nation pol
icy of an indefinite colonialism."
When Boutell had concluded Wil 7
liams crossed over and shook hands
with him, Boutell returning the com
pliment when Williams had concluded.
Boutell evoked laughter by liken
ing the Democratic party to characters
in Biblical history. Speaking of
Bryan's trip to Europe, he said Bryan
got an inspiration from Croker and
brought back an idea.
"You have still got William J.
Bryan to reckon with," he declared,
addressing himself to the minority side,
adding that Bryan again would play
the part of Nebuchadnezzar or the
part of Samson, and charged the
Democrats to see that he did not pull
down the pillar of their house and
again bring them into the position of
idolaters.
Boutell said the record of the Re
publican party would be its platform
in the coming campaign.
"There is no more doubt about our
leader," he said, "than there is about
the platform. Some of the other side
have criticized the President for be
ing impetuous, but the people prefer
the President to be frank rather than
of the subterranean character."
He declared that Roosevelt would
be nominated and that he would have
a majority as large as Lincoln, Grant
or McKinley, and if it were not for the
MAY BE 3IAX OF WEALTH
TWO BULLETS ENTER BODY
IGNORES" RESULT OF VOTE
ALL CONTENTION' REMOVED
Body of Man Supposed to Be
Otto Wiedemeier Is Found
With a Bullet Hole in Head
( alifornia's Representatives in
Conjjre^s Finally* A grec on
Matter of a Camp Ground
President Mitchell of the Mine
Workers Suppresses an Ef
fort to Give Him More Pay
Ng See Poy a Celestial Doctor,
Decoyed From His Office and
Attempt Made on His Life
Civil Service Commissioners
Urge Retirement of Superan
nuated Government Servants
pv . . TT7-»«- r' ft/1- • • - -I
Kepresentatives Williams of Mississippi and
Boutell of Illinois Engage in Lively Debate
on the Political* Questions t of the Hour
ENDS HIS LIFE
IN SAND DUNES
SHIES AT RAISE
IN HIS SALARY
CHINESE SHOT
BY HIGHBINDER
AGED EMPLOYES
TO BE SHELVED
SETTLE THEIR
DIFFERENCES
DEMOCRATIC LEADER IN HOUSE
SAYS FREE-SILVER ISSUE IS DEAD
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL/ WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 27, 1904.
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ROOS BR05~
Reduction Sale
:: : OF :::
Men's Pants
In connection with our Special Overcoat
and Suit Sale fo r this week we have reduced
all our men's $2.50 pants to ::::::
$A V\r%
1 eV/C/
Still Going On
OUR GREAT SALE OF
Men's Overcoats
Only a few days left to take advantage of
. these great bargains ;::*.'.:
Coats were $ 1 0.00 Now $8.50
Coats were 12.50 -Now .9.75
Coats were 15.00- • -Now 12.00
Coats were 20.00 Now 16.00
Coats were 25.00 Now 21.00
Coats were 30.00 Now 25.00
Continuation of
OUR SPECIAL SALE OF
Men's $8.50 Suits
Reduced from $10.00 and $12.50
Men's Roos-made Single and Double Breasted
All-Wool Blue and Black Cheviots; also
Single-Breasted Fancy Tweeds \ \ \ \ \
SALE CLOSES SATURDAY NIGHT
ROOS BROS. §
KEARNY AT POST
The University Society .... S . , , \ \
~' '- * * What they are labeled, and
Of New York. nothing else — Schilling's Best
dBlirorni* H<>ad<ju«rter«. 47 Academy of " ,
*ci«-n«*. tan Francisco. — at your grocer s; moneyback.
ADVERTISEMENTS*
¥ -4-
\ x. fcjOCPiiittjSBBJ&yiPj^BaSB *• t**£\ vl' JdmBH El* >- "
Corner Powell and Eddytend the general conference c-f the
Episcopal church in October next In
Boston. ,
An amendment to the canons to pro
vide for a place on the board of direc
tors of the diocese of a Coadjutor Bish
op, if such be elected, was sent to the
committee on cknons to report upon.
Rev. E. L. Parsons of the standing
committee presented a report showing
the number of clergy ordained in the
last year in the diocese and also of
routine work accomplished.
TREASURER'S REPORT.
Treasurer Van Bokkelen presented his
annual report in printed form and cop
ies . were distributed among the dele
gates. The principal portions of
report showed the following:
Diocesan fund — Receipts, $7031; dis
bursements, $7026.
Missionary fund— Receipts, $8585 46;
disbursements, $9102 30; excess of dis
bursements over income, $513 34.
Disabled clergy fund — Investments,
$21,399 12; year's income, $1165 05; dis
bursed, $034 37; balance forward, $530 t5S.
Widows' and orphans' fund—Invest
ments, $13,238 28; year's income, $586 75;
disbursed, $386 75.
Endowment fund — Investments, $16,
315 46; disbursed. $625 64. ; 1
. Treasurer Van Bokkelen addressed the
convention and severely criticized a
circular letter sent out by Rev. Dr.
McClure, secretary of the General
Clergy Relief Fund. The laws of the
church permit each diocese to handle
its own fund for the relief of the clergy,
though many of the dioceses turn in
such funds to the general fund, from
which it is apportioned. -
Treasurer Van Bokkelen stated that
the diocese of California did not de
'slre to join trie General Clergy Relief
Fund, and for that reason many unjust
comments had been made in the East.
He auoted figures to show that it was
better for the California diocese to han
dle its own fund for the relief of the
disabled ctergy in its district.
The committee on finance presented
a memorial deploring the death of Ma
jor W. B. Hooper, who for nine years
served as chairman of the committee.
The memorial was unanimously
adopted.
The committee on apportionment pre
sented its report, showing the amount
which had been assessed to each parish
and mission for- the support of the dio
cese and its expenses.
The convention ther/ adjourned until
this morning at 9:30. This evening the
delegates will enjoy a banquet at the
Palace Hotel, which will be followed
by a general reception to Bishop Nich
oil and his wife.
Sproat In City Jail.
Samuel Sproat, who,- with his broth
er, Edward Soroat, is accused of de
frauding San, Francisco merchants out
of $60.000v worth of goods, was
brought back by Detective Bailey, last
nigh-u The Sproat brothers conduct
ed a large market on Market street,
and after obtaining goods sol$ them
below cost and went 'through insol
vency. A week aero Samuel Sproat
was arrested at Santa. Ana, while* try
ing to escape to Mexico>r The : latest
charge against him is one of defraud
ing L. D. Costa out of $700 worth of
canned goods. -
The hen that lays the golden egg is
any old hen these days.
GRASS VALLEY, Jan. 26. — Quartz
Parlor of the Native Sons of this city
has appointed a committee to investi
gate the claims made by an old man
living near San Rafael, who says he
is a survivor of the Donner Lake
party. The old fellow is a clam dig
ger. Donner Lake is In this county
and the Native Sons always have tak
¦en a great interest in anything per
taining to members of the ill fated
party which made it famous.
Story Interests Xatfve Sons.
LOS A2CGEX.ES. Jan. 26. — Police
Detectives Hawley, Murphy and Cow
en, who were suspended by Mayor
Sny'der pending the result of the hear
ing on a charge of manslaughter
agrainst them for the killing of Jo
seph and Louis Choisser. which re
sulted last Saturday in acquittal, were
.reinstated to-dny by th» Board of Po
lice Commissioners on full pay dating
from the time of their suspension.
Ix>s Angeles Detectives Reinstated.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Jan. 26.
After six months* delay work has been
begun again on the -university build
ings. Stone' masons began work on
the arcades of the outer quadrangle
this morning, and it is reported that
another force of men will be put on
the gvmnasium building next week.
Work on theae buildings was stopped
by the stone masons' strike six month:?
ago, and owing to the heavy drain on
the university's income fund the con
tractors v.-ere given an extension of
six months. Construction will now be
rushed so that the buildings under
way should be completed* within one
year.
Stone Masoiw Busy at Stanford.
The resolution was referred to a spe
cial committee appointed by the chair
man, consisting of Revs. B. M. Wee
den, E. L. Parsons and A. S. Clark.
A largo number of nominations for
clerical and lay members of various
committees were presented to the con
vention and will be placed upon the
regular ballot and voted upon during
to-day's proceedings. Nominations
were also made for delegates to at-
ReKOlved. That this convocation, feeling
strongly that the marginal readings Bible,
authorized by the general, convention of 1001.
nas not taken the place of tha revised ver
sion, hereby petitions the convention of. the
diocese of California to present a memorial
to the general convention urging that tha
reading of the revised version in the morning
and evening prayer In the churehee be au
thorized. . •
The clerical delegates from San Jose
presented a resolution adopted by the
convocation of San Jose to be presented
at the convention which was as follows:
SAX JOSE RESOLVES.
The canonical provisions" relating to the In
vested funds and trust funds of the diocese
now existinK or 'vlileli may hereafter be cre
ated, as the Came may stand at the time of
any donation, jflft. bequept to or collection
taken In this diocese for any of said fumlb
and any further conditions which may be
specified In any donation, gift or bequest to
such lunds. Khali form the terms of a ni>eclflc
contract between the diocese and th«» donors or
contributors and each and every one of them,
and th.e good faith of this diocese is pledged
that s<urh contract sOial' be faithfully kept
and observed. The canons* relating to the In
vested funds and tru«t funds may from time
to time be altered or amended, but no such
changes therein or amendments thereto shall
in any way affect donations*, gifts, bequests or
contributions made prior to such change, or
shall affect the application of the income there
from. Neither the custody nor the con
trol nor the disbursement of any invested
fund or trust fund or the. Income thereof shall
be transferred or passed over to any gen
eral Micltty, but the same shall remain hf thin
diocese, except where otherwise specifically
provided In the canon relating thereto, and
then only as to so much of paid fund as shall
be received after such provision, shall, bo made.
This section being a contract with the past
and proposed donors shall not ' be subject to
repeal ; or amendment chancing: the obliga
tions . of the diocese an to anything which
may antedate euch amendment.
. The new article was referred to the
committee on canons.
The corporation/ of the diocese of
fered a resolution to add a new article
to the constitution reading as follows:
ment of tho convention, under the su
perintendence of a committee to be ap
pointed by the Bishop. ¦>
TO GUARD ITS FUNDS.
To provide for the classification and
printing of the constitution and canons
a3 they shall stand after the adjourn-
An amendment that no person be
considered a communicant of registered
or reported as such unless he has com
municated at least once within tho
year, was ordered referred to the com
mittee on canons.
The following amendments to the
canons were referred to the committee
on canons for further report:
* To provide for the extension of the
church and the establishment of Sun
day schools Within the boundaries of
existing parishes and missions when
ever it shall appear to the Bishop- of
the diocese that there is an opportunity
for such church extension.
To substitute the words "fund for
church extension in the diocese" for the
words "missionary fund of the dio
cese."'
To provide that at the annual con
vention six persons shall be elected who
shall serve with the Bishop or Coad
jutor Bishop as directors of the corpor
ation known as " the ProteBtant Epis
copal Church In the diocese of Califor
nia." .
To provide for a salary and. conven
tion fund, the proceeds of which shall
be applied to the payment of the salary
of the Bishop or Coadjutor Bishop,
should, there be one and to cover the
expenses of the conventions and of the
diocese.
To consolidate .'the Bishop's salary
fund and the convention fund into one
fund,' to be known as "the salary and
convention fund."' . • ' '
A substitute amendment was con
sidered by the convention and referred
back to the committee on canons for
a further report. The • substitute
amendment provided for the establish
ment of a fund to be called "the clergy
retiring fund," to be derived from do
nations, contributions, bequests and un
assessment on all parishes and missfonH
In the diocese. Any clergyman who
has been in active service in the dio
cese for twenty-five years and who
desires to retire on an allowance will
be- entiled to do so and receive the sum
of $500 a year, less any amount the
beneficiary may receive from the dis
abled clergy J[und, the Bishop and the
standing committee to pass on all ap
plications for retirement. Such allow
ances as may be made are not to be
come a liability against the fund of the
diocese in favor of the annuitant, ex-,
cept so far as the amount of the in
come fund each year will pay the
claims accruing during the year.
REFERRED TO COMMITTEE.
The proposed amendments were for
mulated at the previous convention and
were reported to the present gathering
by the committee on cancans.
An amendment to retlr* clergy, of a
certain age and give the*n an allow
ance of 5500 a year afte? twenty-five
y/ars' active service was,' not adopted
on recommendation of the committee
on canons.
Considerable business' was transact
ed at the afternoon session of the con
vention, much time beinir taken up In
considering proposotl amendments of
the canons of tho diocese.
AMENDMENTS CONSIDERED.
luncheon, the delegates being the guests
of the local clergy.
REV. MARDOX D. WILSO^, RECTOR OF MISSIONARY CHRIST CHt'RCH OF SAX JOSE, DELIVERING THE
OPENING SERMON AT SERVICES PRECEDING THE OPENING OF THE FIFTY-FOURTH CONVENTION
OF THE EPISCOPAL DIOCESE OF CALIFORNIA, IN GRACE CHURCH.
Yotir Own Good Taste
Is what makes your "room pleasant to
live in. We have an immense collection
of beautiful pictures framed in ths lat
est styles. Parties furnishing new
houses "can find here thousands of artis
tic pictures to chooso from and at the
most reasonable prices. Sanborn, Vail
& Co., Til Market st. *
On January 10 Miss Martin engaged
a room at 15H Turk street and called
in Dr. Broughton to attend her. Seeing
that her condition was serious, he
called another physician In consulta
tion, and they decided to send the pa
tient to the City and County Hospital.
Miss Martin came from San Luis
Obispo, where her people reside.
Captain Martin sent for Mrs. Allen
and subjected her to a rigorous exam
ination. She denied having known or
attended the decedent in. any capacity.
Mrs. V. Crana of 1716 Pacific avenue
cuilled at the Morgue yesterday anil
identified the body of the young woman
who died last Sunday at the. City and
County Hospital from the effects of a
criminal operation as thai of Eva Mar
tin. Mrs. Crana said that Eva had been
in her service doing housework for sev
eral monttts, and lhat she went away
on January J>. ostensibly to visit her
sister, who she said was ill in San Jose.
Captain Martin of the detective force
obtained a statement yesterday from
Marian O'Connor, another house ser
vant of Mrs. Crana, to the effect that
the decedent told her that she was go
ing to be treated by Mrs. Allen, at HIS
Market street, and that Mrs. Allen had
treated her on a former occasion.
inal Operation — Mrs. Allen Im
plicated, but Denies Cliarge.
3Ii.*s Eva Martin the Victim of Crim-
EMPLOYER IDENTIFIES
BODY OF YOUNG WOMAN
This week 25 per cent reduction' on
every heater in stock. San Francisco Gas
and Electric Company, 415 Post street. •
Warden Arrests a Brothcr-in-Law.
SANTA ROSA, Jan. 20. — Uame
Warden Lowe is a man who. belfcves
in a. strict enforcement of the game
laws, and to compel this arrested hia
brother-in-law, S. Beasley, for an in
fraction of the law. The latter was
assessed $25 by Justice Anderson for
the offense. During a recent trfp I.owe
found several streams in Mendocino
County dammed to prevent the run
of fish. These dams were destroyed
In order to give tho fish free access to
all parts of the stream. Lowe reports
he finds a general respect for the
game laws throughout the district.
Actress Edna Wallace Hopper, who
Js contesting the will of her step
father, the late Alexander Dunsmuir,
the? coal baron, in the courts of Vic
toria, B. C. arrived from the north
yesterday in company with her at
torney. Judge Coyne of Xew York, and
registered at the Palace. The case is
now being summed up by «tie counsel
on either side and a decision is ex
pected in the course of a few months.
The fact that the mother and sis
t«rs of the late Alexander Dunsmuir
have joined the young actress in her
legal battle with the brother of the
deceased millionaire has strengthened
the hopes of Miss Hopper for a vic
tory. When her suit was first insti
tuted it was thought that the estate
of Alexander Dunsmuir amounted to
between two and three million dol
lars, but during the progress of the
trial it developed that the value of
the property will reach nearer ten
millions.
Miss Hopper and Judge Coyne leave
on this mornlng-'s train for New York.
In discussing: her case yesterday the
actress stated that in the event of a
decision b^ing rendered against her in
the Victoria court it is the plan of her
attorney to immediately carry the
case on appeal to the Dominion
courts, arid, if necessary, to the court
of last resort in England.
Dunsmuir Case.
Edna Wallace Hopper Discusses the
FIrjt-cl3ss tickets b'tween San Frant iscc
and Los Angeles, either direction. Including
stop and two days' enterrainment at famous
Hotel del Monte, only $'J2: children. $14 5<>.
Privilege of 150 days' stopover. Bathing, bcat
inc, fishing, driving, riding, automoblllng. gat
ing, oic. twriery beautiful and grand. A/k
Southern Pacific agents. *
Two Days at Hotel Del Monte.
HOPEFUL OF A VICTORY.
Finance— C. D. Havtn. L. M. Ringwalt. Dr
H. (.'. Davis, Bruce Uayden and W. A M.
Van Bokhelen. . v;
Auditing— K. Avery, E. A. Kichbaum and A.
C Kains. . >
- Christian education — Revs. L.. O. Lincoln W
O. Brewer. C Hitchcock and Lay Delegates
W. A. Merrill and H. R. Fairclough.
Church charltife — Revs. B. M. Weeden JC
B. W. Gall way, I jiy Delegates E. D. Bayiard'
A v F. Price and K. E. Mason.
tstat* of church— Revs. I,. C. Hanford n
C. Gardner and I^ay Delegate T. R. Kelley
Unf5nl»h«-J liusinrpp — Rev • W. 'C. Hhaw and
Lay Delegates r-. n. Jones nnd L\ J. Le «'ont«
On canons— Revs. F. \v. Clampett. T. o'.
Kcllcy. K. J. Maynard, Lay Dc]eR*M«-A. N.
Drown. Vincent N'eale, William Mlntsner.
The convention then adjourned for
Bishop Xichols then announced the
appointment of the following commit
tees: v :'v
Credentials— Rev. E. t,. Parsons. C. H.
Hubbs and M. Lennon. ¦•
The resolution .was carried unani
mously and a special commlUee will
be appointed by Bishop Nichols to take
action in accordance with the resolu
tion adopted.
A resolution was 'also adopted at
the morning session giving the cour
tesy of the floor to all clergymen of
the diocese that were not entitled to be
seated as delegates.
. A resolution of congratulation also
prevailed that Rev*, Mr. Greer of Xew
York, recently appointed Coadjutor
Bishop of Xew York, be tendered the
hearty wishes of the convention. '
COMMITTEES APPOINTED.
Resolved, That a committee of five be ap
pointed whose duty It shall be to co-operate
with other religious' and secular organizations
of the State toward securing an amendment to
the constitution of the United States giving
Congress authority to legislate' In matters of
marrleee and divorce.
Whereas. We believe that this condition is
due in a great measure to the lack of uniformi
ty In the marriage and divorce laws -of the
several States of the Union; therefore, be It
Wherfac, This church views with concern
the great spread of divorce throughout the na
tion, striking at the sanctity of the home and
thereby destroying one of the strongest foun
dations of Christian virtue and patriotic citi
zenship; and.
At yesterday's proceedings a reso
lution was presented by Rev. H. H.
Powell of Santa Clara, which was as
follows:
Rev. M. «D. Wilson was elected to
serve as secretary, a position he occu
pied at preceding deliberations of the
diocese in conventions. George H.
Hooke was elected assistant secretary.
On motion of A'rchdeacon Emery
and L. M. Ringwalt a resolution was
carried that a clerical delegate be ap
pointed to assist the representatives of
the press.
Many of the lay delegates present
were women and they followed the
proceedings with considerable interest.
One of the most important matters
thatjeame up before the convention
was the question of marriage and di
vorce. At the General Conference,
held in this city in 1901, a contest was
waged against the recognition of any
divorced person, as a member of the
Episcopal church, the supporters of
the movement being victorious.
DEPLORES DIVORCES.
Bishop Nichols, who presided, wore
the robes of his office during the first
session of the convention. The call of
the roll of delegates showed that the
attendance was the largest of any an
nual convention of the diocese ever
held in California.
OPENS THE SESSION.
At the close of the religious service
the -vested .clergymen marched from
the church and doffed their stoles, re
turning- to the edifice to" take part in
the deliberations of the convention.
We »re to measure our church work by the
game class of world standards as those by
which California gauges everything else. Is
it a cathrdral? Then, it is to be of noble
dimension*, endowed liberally, so that through
Its vaulted an-hes shall ring the measured
fadfncpf of a proi*>r cathedral service, setting
the Ftandard of worship for the tHocese. H»re
all tho work for church extension Is to find
its inspiration. •
Right nobly hes California acquitted her
self. Hut do we realize what all this taeans?
We have taken up burdens almost staggering
and have bonie them with a more Jaunty air
than even Atlas, had as he upheld the world.
Anplo-tfaxon California has done things in the
to-<iay.
The standards of our life are the standards
of the twentieth century— we gauge ourselves
by the same measurement as do the New
Yorkers. We are not willing that the Hl"d
srd shall be lower. In business, in societ\V"Tn
art even, the standards of California are th«?
world's standards. It is a notable ambition, a
right pj.Me. and we take up any challenge that
Comes within our range.
But it will be only light to lighten our
minds Into thu old way of truth; light to help
us leaJ the minds of this gem-ration to know
the old. old truth aa it is in Jesus and as this
chech *.as received the same.
We are to deepen the foundation of the
diocese of California and to enlarge its effect
iveness; to persirtenlly reach out. remember
ing the solidarity of the American church,
which reaches from the Atlantic to the 1'a
clfic and does not stoD with the Sierra?.
OLD WAY OF TRUTH.
Do we not stand between the Ultramontane
and the extreme Protestant, with Agnostic
and Calvanistic, Atheistic and Latitudinarlan
forces attacking us covertly or openly on all
sides? .
Are we not as a city set upon a hill in the
full view of men? I* there not, there
fort-, my brethren, need for this appeal to
steadfastness? Let this, then, be our keynote
— the old is true, and by God's grace we will
hold to that we know, We will have minds
open to any light that will help us, and we
will not despise any. source from which light
will come.
The crash and roar and tumult of new
voices are all about us. Some weak anii
timid souls occasionally lose faith and follow
after the new, simply because It seems to b<«
new — or, i>erhap?, because It Is easy, or, per
haps, because it seems to meet their momen
tary questionings.
Our duty is to stand firm for the faith once
delivered to the saints.
In an age of searching after new truth the
old truth remains. We may assimilate what
we wll! of new points 'of view, but our duty
is to remain steadfast to the old, because It Is
true.
All the clergy in attendance at the
convention wore their white stoles
during the morning service and a sur
pllced choir rendered the music, ac
companied by the organ, under the di
rection of Organist W. H. Holt.
The sermon was delivered by Rev.
Mardon D. Wilson, who said in part:
The convention was preceded by the
celebration of morning service and the
holy communion. Bishop W. F. Nichols
being the celebrant, assisted by Arch
deacon J. A. Emery and Deans Lewis,
Hansen and Shaw.
The fifty-fourth convention of the
Episcopal Church, Diocese of Califor
nia, convened yesterday morning at
Grace Church, California and Stockton
streets, a very large attendance of
clerical and lay delegates being pres
ent.
Judge Drake, the trial Judge, at the
conclusion of Davis' address asked him
to point out what standing Mrs. Hop
per had in court. She was not heiress
et-law. She was no relation, and he
coOld not see that she could have any
standing. Davis said he had not talked
of these points, having made his strong
plea on the soundness of Alexander
Dunsmuir's mind, and the lntervenor
having taken i>art in the case made it
unnecessary-
There were, Davis held, two Alexan
der Dunsmuirs— one who went to his
business day by day and whom his as
sociates had never seen under the in
fluence of liquor, and Alexander Dun^
rnuir, drunkard and in abnormal con
dition.
VICTORIA. B. C. Jan. 26.— Argument
of counsel in the Hopper-Dunsmuir will
case commenced this morning. E. P.
Davis, K. C. for the defendant, after
quoting authorities on mental jurispru
dence and citing cases of valid wills
made by excessive drunkards, held that
thi? case was clearly one- of fact — a
matter of the credibility of witnesses.
He discredited the evidence of the
plaintiff, and said that other than three
physicians her witnesses were maids
and bellboy*.
The Rev. Edward L.. Parsons, the
Rev. F. W. Clampett, D. D-, and Bishop
Nichols each preached a sermon. The
Rev. Mr. Parsons said the church must
have a world policy. A natirm, he said,
might get on a while without one. as
America had done, but the time al
ways came when a nation had to ex
tend its affiliations. The church had
been born into the world to conquer the
uttermost ends. The church could
never pause, but went on as it had
been destined to do by the Lord and
Master.
The processional hymn, "Onward,
Christian Soldiers," was perhaps never
sung with greater vigor and enthusi
asm. The whole congregation joined
in singing the stirring sacred song.
The, service which followed was -per
formed by the Rev. J. A. O'Meara and
the Rev. Clifton Macon. Dean Lewis,
Dean Emery and Dean Shaw assisting.
In the great processional of some
hundreds, consisting of the united
choirs and clergy in their vestments,
was Bisheo Nichols and the venerable
Dr. J. B. Wakefield, who is in his eight
ieth year. Dr. Wakefleld had at his
side the Rev. Dr. Kelley. - -
Last night there was a great rally at
Trinity Church, Bush and Gough
streets, when a general missionary
meeting was held with choral service,
the united vested choirs of San Fran
cisco and vicinity taking part under
the direction of Wallace A. Sabin of
St. Luke's Church.
Accompanying the petition is the affi
davit of F. S. Granger, manager of the
Interurban Company, in which it 13
set forth that the road on North Mar
ket street is part of a seventeen-mile
system Just about completed by the
Interurban Company, and that if it is
in any manner prevented from complet
ing the North Market street line it will
be Impossible to operate any part of
the system and will Incur great loss
and inflict on the company great and
irreparable injury and greatly deterio
rate the value of it3 bond3.
The crossing over the railroad at San
Carlos street was completed to-night.
A ciir has been chartered for to-morrow
night to take a party out to Sorosid.
near Saratoga. That will be the first
trip over that part of the road. Thurs
day morning the city service of the In
terurban Railway will be put into ef
fect. This will run from the broad
gauge depot to the Meridian road, and
the line will have a seven-minute ser
vice.
SAN JOSE. Jan. 26.— The compli
cated litigation now existing over the
electric railway on North Market street
between the Interurban Company and
the San Jose and Santa Clara Electric
Railway was added to to-day by tha
petition for another injunction. Thte
time It is the Interurban Company that
has invoked the aid of the law.
The court is asked to direct the San
Jose and Santa Clara Company to ap
pear in court next Friday morning: and
show cause why a preliminary injunc
tion should not be issued forbidding it
from interfering In any manner or ob
structing the Interurban Company in
completing the work of constructing Its
road on North Market street. Besides
this the plaintiff wants the other com
pany restrained from digging up its
road or placing trolley wires over
the Interurban railway. Upon a hear
ing the Injunction is asked to be made
permanent.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Standing of Edna Wallace Hop
per as a Contestant Required
by British Columbia Tribunal
Work at a Crossing Completed
at Nigjit and the First Car
Is Now Ready to Start
Immense Congregation
Joins in Hymns and
hears Discourses.
JUDGE MAKES AX INQUIRY
CONTEST OVER A STREET
Important Amendments
to Canons Discussed
by Gathering.
Uniform Laws on Marriage
and Divorce Favored '
by Delegates.
Beautiful Choral Service
" Is Given in Evening
at Trinity.
Additional Suit in the Contro
versy Between Companies at
San Josc«Causes Complication
Statement Made About a Jekyll
and Hyde Combination as
Cause of the Victoria Lawsuit
TWO DUNSMUIRS,
SAYS A LAWYER
FIFTY-FOURTH CONVENTION OF EPISCOPAL DIOCESE OF CALIFORNIA OPENS
AT GRACE CHURCH WITH VERY LARGE ATTENDANCE OF CLERGY AND LAITY
RAILWAY MEN
APPEAL TO LAW
THE SAN FRANCISCO .CALL, WEDNESDAY. JANUARY 27, 1904.
4
Real Estate, Etc., Etc., Etc.
Furnished Houses for Rent.
Furnished Houses for Sale.
In Hie Want Ad. columns to-
day you find iiftjulry about:
Male Help Wonted.
Situations Wanted.
Female Help Wanted.
Agents Wanted.
Money Wanted.
Money to Loan. .
. Furniture for Kale.'
Housekeeping Rooms to Let.
- Furnished Rooms to Let.
Furnished .'Rooms -for Sale.
1)0 YOU
WANT SOMETHING?
TVe get reports by nearly every mail from
ca«es recovering frrfm ' Bright's' Disease ' "and
Diabetes. The Fulton Compounds are. the only
cures in all the. world_ for these hitherto
fatal diseases. Fulton's Renal Componnd for
.Bright'* Disease, $1.00; for Diabetes. $1.50.
At all flt-Ft-class druggists in this city and at
the principal drugstore in the Coast cities' and
towns and throughout the United States. Send
for pamphlet and lirt of agencies to the «ole
comnoundrrF. Jno. J. Fulton Co., 409 Waeh-
injtton £t.. San Francisco, Cal.
SAN FRAXCISCO. JAN. 2.'., 1904 —A I.ET-
t*r from Mies Mary J- Hie key of Diamond
Springs. C»l., ordering more of the Diabetic
Compound for her mother Itiow over seventy-
f.v* jfzr? of atf), slated that although she
could not diet as strictly as required, yet that
rht was getting result* — that it had helped
her woiderfully. She closed hef letter thus:
"1 can pof'tlvely eay that your wonderful
Compound hss indefinitely extended my moth-
er's year* on this earth."
*W» thsretuwn wrote ills* Hlrkey and avked
th« privilege of quoting b»r letter. We are In
receipt of the following reply: "You are wel-
come to uee H, as St U nothing but the truth.
To admit the whole truth, it perfornwd a
miracle if «ver one mt done on thi» earth. If
you ever hear of a case similar to my moth-
er'* we will certainly recommend it to them
and tell them of the benefit she derived from
th* u*e of your Compound."
O. K. Olmsted of Galeeburg. Mich. (a. case
of ttrisbt'* Di*ea«e). writes: "I am much
belter, the sediment is disappearing and .1
am cuing more normal. . Pains In the 'back
acid kidneys have stopped and my friend* re.
mark that I have Improved wonderfully. I
have a friend Just above Kalamazoo that has
Bright'* dliease also, and ae - 6oon as the
weather moderate* (It It very cold here now)
I am going to see him and tell him all about
it. lie has a bad case; has been to Grand
Rapids for treatment. I eaw Druggist Ken-
nedy, your agent in Kalamazoo. and told him
he needn't- be afraid to talk It up for Bright'*
Disease, lor I believe it will cure every caise
that will take it long enough and follow the
directions. Kennedy told roe that he was
eelllnjr a lot of it."
Bright's Disease and
Diabetes News.
JNO. J. FULTON CO.
Call' readers will find some-
thing, of interest In the Want
Ad. columns.
These little Ad*, will not only
prove of Interest to those out of
work, but to tliose desiring to
iiuprovc. their positions as well.
JLJJVERTISEMENTS.
• ' e
I . . • _^___. ¦ I
| I
• This is about the lowest price yet reached on •
8 a comfort Mprris Chair. You will miss a 1
J, good offer if you fail to see this special.' Made' •
5 of the solid oak, with golden finish, and com- ©
g pleted with heavy, reversible velour cushions. -*
• Regular price, $12.00. |
J "THE CREDIT HOUSE" 233-235-237 Post Street •> A man does not ' have to take boxing
lessons to qualify him to pack goods in
a department store; • >^ ;
JACKSON, ¦ Jan. 26.— Mlsa Katie Thompson.
ased 36 years, committed suicide Sunday morn-
Ing.by swallowing an ounce of carbolic acid.
She had. long been a" cripple and took' her life
In a nt of despondency. - •. .
This week 25 . per cent reduction on
every, heater in stock. San Francisco Gas
and Electric Company. 415 Post street. •
BUTTE, Mont., Jan. 28.— The concert ached
uled for last night by Mme. : Pattl and her
company did not come off as expected. Mme.
Patti's manager refused to. let. her appear, say
ing that the high altitude and smelter smoke
had already affected the , diva's voice. . .
We give special attention' to' prevail
ing forms and engrave visiting < cards,
wedding, invitations and announcements,
correctly and reasonably, crest and ad
dress dies made to order. Sanborn, Vail
& Co., 741 Market st. • •
CHICAGO, Jan. 26.— Mayor Harri
son, accused by the Coroner's jury of
partial responsibility for the Iroquois
Theater fire, appeared in- Judge Walk
er's court to-day and gave bond for
$15,000. The Mayor is held to the
Grand. Jury.
Mayor Harrison. Gives Bond.
Rome has a delightful climate the
whole year round, and from the end Qf
November to the middle of March is an
Ideal time for hunting; then the hounds
meet twice a week. On such mornings
the riders leave Rome, or v the Villas
round about, in time to be on the field
and ready by 11 o'clock; for the hunt is
always several miles from Rome, some
times on the rolling, partly timbered
land to the northward, but more often
on the level plain. Such a meet is to
Rome. .what -a Meadow Brook meet is
"to J New York. It means i a morning
gathering of fashionables,, with time
and money and distinction to its credit.
Swift moving /notor cars, lumbering
drags and four-in-hands, sma*rt phae
tons, 'barouches, victorias and dogcarts
hurry out' from the city.' From the es
tates of -noblemen in the vicinity of the
hunt : come carriages, and men -on . the
hunters which they will ride in- the
day's chase.— Outing.
Fox Hunting: About Koine.
Some of the oddities
ix trade names
How many New Yorkers there are
who insist upon wearing good, strong,
common-sense, English walking boots!
They, are supposed to have numerous
qualities that seem to be lacking in the
American article. But it: so happens
that exactly the opposite holds good in
England, and. go where you will, you
will see shoe stores ""displaying Ameri
can flagSi and with American boots,
shoes and slippers in the. windows. The
shoes we insist on having on this side
of the Atlantic, and which are sold to
us for "English made," are sold to us
in London, Liverpool,*- Leeds, and other
cities of England as American made
boots," and "* as such there ts ;¦ an enor
mous demand among the English peo
ple for them.
Real English boots and shoe's would
not be worn by American men and
women, : as they are • broad • and flat,
with uncomfortable short vamps. Yet
thoy . have one commendable ¦ quality, in
that they wear indefinitely. '
ST. LOUIS, Jan. 26.— Xo agreement
was reached at to-day's meeting of the
Transcontinental Passenger Association
regarding the World's Fair rate, action
being deferred until Thursday.
The association • decided that east
bound trans-Atlantic tickets from the
Pacific Coast should be issued to include
the steamer ticket, instead of issuing an
order on the steamship} companies,
which had been the custom.
No'tice was served by the Missouri,
Kansas and Texas road that it would
not participate in the nine months'
tourist rate to the Pacific Coast.
The question of equalizing rates from
the Atlantic seaboard to the Pacific via
the Grand Trunk and the Canadian Pa
cific was referred to a committee to in
vestigate and report.
SKXTA ROSA. Jan. 26.— The highest point
in the hop market since 1892 was reached In
this county yesterday, when L. D. Jacks, lo
cal Krower. disposed of 15O bales at 2S^ cents.
C. C. Donovan was the purchaser.
NEW YORK, Jan. 26.— The Rev. Dr. David
Hummel Greer w»b to-day ordained a bishop
coadjutor of the Protestant diocese
of Xew York. Fifteen Bishops took part In
the consecration services.
GRAND RAPIDS. Mich.. Jan. 26. — Ex-CIr
cutt Court Commissioner Garrett H. Albera
was found jrullty In the Superior Court to
dav of perjury committed durln? a former
trial for bribery.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., Jan. 26. — Fire to-day de
stroyed the Goddard Storage Warehouse, en
tail ins losses upon several others which ag
gregate about $225,000.
PENDLETON, Or., Jan. 26. — The
bodies of Mr. and Mrs. John T. Brown
of Reinbeck, Iowa, were found in the
hills south of town to-day. Mrs.
Brown had been shot in the breast,
and, the bullet failing to take effect,
her throat had been cut from ear to
ear with a razor. Brown had shot
himself in. the head and to make death
certain had swallowed poison.
'The Browns came here some time
ago from Iowa. On failing to arouse
them this morning Mr. and Mrs. E. L.
Smith, with whom the couple had been
stopping for two weeks, entered their
room and found a note saying that
both were tired of life and agreed to
die together. The note left directions
as to where the bodies would be found,
and following the instructions, the
Sheriff succeeded in locating the scene
of the tragedy. The couple left a
number of sealed letters addressed to
various persons, one being to Mrs. M.
A. Brown of Reinbeck and another to
Thomas ' Brown of Summerfleld, Kans.
Mrs. Brown had addressed a letter:'
"Dear Brother — When this ' reaches
you I will be no more. I have found
another man- in Oregon I -love better
than my husband."
'Her letter had been torn and thrown
into a stove,: but failed to burn and
was picked out by the Coroner and
pasted together/ It is believed now
that Brown murdered his wife and
then killed himseif.
VENTURA, Jan. 26.— Shortly after S
o'clock this evening Harry and Ruth
Browne were accidentally shot at the
Browne residence on^ r entura avenue,«
one mile from this city. The children,
aered 15 and 9 years, were alone in tho
house at the time. They are the young
est daughter and son of a former Au
ditor and Recorder, A. W. Browne.
Mrs. Browne was visiting at the Binn's
house. The other members of the fam
ily were downtown.
A noise at the window startled the
girl. 'It was thought that a burglar
was attempting 1 . to enter the house.
Harry and Ruth both rushed to their 1
mother's bedroom for a revolver. It
was not supposed to be loaded. Harry
was breaking the weapon in order to
load it. There was a cartridge in the
barrel and it was discharged. The bul-'
let passed through the fleshy part of
Harry's left hand. Then it entered his
sister's breast bver the heart, striking
a rib. The ball glanced, followed the
rib and lodged under the left arm.
Dr. Cunnane,' the attending: surgeon,
says that the . girl had a narrow
escape from instantaneous death. She
is now under the influence of opiates.
The bullet will be extracted to-mor
row. • Immediately after the accident
the .lad ran to his mother at Binn's
residence.'' He left a trail of blood both
going and returning.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
AVife and Husband Are Found
Dead in the Hills Near
..a City in State of Oregon
¦Ventura Youngsters, on the
Alert for a Burglar, Almost
End Their Lives Accidentally
Passenger Association Defers
Action on the Schedule
for the St. Louis Exposition
NOTE REVEALS
CRUEL CRIME
BULLET HURTS
TWO CHILDREN
RATES TO FAIR
NOT YET FIXED
Adderson declares that his delica
cies were poisoned and left in the
basement for the purpose of killing
rats. Evidently the Encina men can
not be killed by rat poison, for no
deaths have been reported yet, al
though one man has complained of
having had a slight attack of stom
ache ache, whether from poison or
overindulgence in jam he is not pre
pared to say.. The university authori
ties posted a notice to-day warning
those who had stolen the jam not to
eat it, as serious results might follow
on account of the poison contained in
it. However, the warning, it is pre
sumed, came to late, for no one sup
poses that the jam stolen on" Sunday
remains uneaten. ~
but also a choice assortment of apples
and jam, to which they proceeded to
help themselves.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 26. — The anniver
sary of the birth of the poet Burns
was celebrated by the Caledonian Club
of. this city to-night by a banquet at
the Lamolle House. About* 100 of the
leading citizens and members of the
society were present. An elaborate
menu was served and a fine musical
programme was rendered. James
Traill, president of the Caledonian So
ciety,-was toastmaster. Following is
the programme: "Patriotic Airs":
"Our Glorious Union,"- Miss Maude
Campbell; "The Land We Live In,"
J. K. Johnston; fantasia on two bonnle
Scottish airs, "Bonnie Doon" and
"Bonnie Dundee," Miss Irene Camp
bell; "The Land of the Heather," J.
C. Morrison: song. "Mary of Argyll,"
Miss Eleanor Cator; "Robert Burns,"
the Hon. M. H. Hyland; song, "Bon-
nle Doon," Miss Richardson; "The
Music of the Gael," James H. Camp
bell; "The Lassies," W. S. Heron; song,
"There Was a Lad Was Born in Kyle,"
David Wright; "Auld Lang Syne."
Scots Honor Burns' Memory.
"When we left the bottom of the
shaft there were. twelve bodies lying
there ready" to be brought up. There
are many others there, and the bodies
of many will never be found. :
"The south main drift, In which we
worked, gives little chance for many of
the men there being recognized.
"In the north main drift the way
has been cleared for some distance, but
we could not tell what was found
there."
Just after 10 o'clock the last of the
rescuers were brought to the surface.
Some bodies will be brought out be
fore daybreak.
"It was a frightful experience. We
were too cold to work. There is ap
parently no one to rescue. We had a
hard time to find any of the dead. A
shred of clothing here and another
there, a jacket, a pair of overalls, but
few bodies.
Shortly after they were let down,
two at a time, in the bucket, a tem
porary hoist that had been rigged up
to Oifcg up the debris and -the v dead
was started down the sha'ft. Then came
the enow and cold and wind. Agafn and
again efforts were made',to reach the
living men at the bottom of the shaft,
but the -wooden sides of v the hoist,
swollen by water, stuck ;to 'the. iron
guide slide, and Ithe'n came i hours of
maneuvering -.to reach .the 1 bottom.
The men*below had , no .means; of
warmth and. many of -them, were stand
ing in deep water. Every effort \ was
made to .lower the cage, 'and !flnally, it
was, loosened and got within, twelve
f eet . of the % , bottom. A-'" timber • blown
across the way by' the explosion wasin
the path. The^meri were .within' easy
each -of a rope*, but :
numbed'and almost frozen v by the. cold,
were unable to grasp the s offered help.
It was 9'o'clock when, the first ! three
men of the party who went down at
3 o'clock were brought to the surface.
Not one of them- was able to walk."" ""
Henry Beckert said:
PITTSBURGH Jan;*-26;^Almost zero
weather and a biting, wind late in the
afternoon swept over the little valley
where the Harwick . miije is located,
and nearly added another list of dead
to the long black table. Not only was
the work of. search for the dead and
living, if any are still alive, rudely in
terrupted, but cold and ice and wind
combined nearly cost the lives, of six
teen more men.
At 3 o'clock this afternoon sixteen
men went down into the shaft to do the
work of bratticing, bolstering, tunnel
ing and removing the debris that has
so far barred their progress into the
workings where the men were at
work when the explosion came. Their
shift was supposed to be of three hours
only. Even at that it was a hard
task. Even before the bucket. reached
the bottom they were drenched with
water, which the cold draught through
the shaft soon turned to ice. i ,• "
Stand Imprisoned for
Hoursin Icy 'Waters on
Lower Level.
Searchers in the Harwick
Go Through Terrible .
Experience;
Fifteen Men Are Killed in
the Stratton Independ
ence Mine/
Cable Parts ReleasingCage
in Which They Were
Being Hoisted.
The cable attached to the
cage in use In the Stratton In
dependence mine at Victor,
Colo., parted yesterday morning
and' sixteen miners were plunged
to the bottom of the shaft. Fif
teen of them were killed. The
engineer hi charge of the ma
chinery surrendered himself to
the military authorities pending
an investigation.
A party of searchers who went
Into the Harwick mine yester
dny to recover the bodies of vic
tims of the explosion nearly
perished in the cold, the hoisting
machinery getting caught and
holding them prisoners on the
lower level for six hours.
at the stations at different points.
Their arms and bodies were mangled,
their heads crushed and their clothing
stripped from their bodies: At the bot
tom of the shaft stands twenty feet of
water, and into this the cage plunged.
Seme of the miners were carried with
the cage into this sump.
VICTIMS ARE XOX-UXIOX MEX.
Nearly all of the men killed had wives
and children. Harry Goegen leaves a
wife and three children, who are in
Michigan. TV. B. Collins was a Baptist
minister and preached on Sundays at
Goldfield. He was 38 years of age and
came from Cornwall. England. Edward
Twlgrgs and Frank Cochrane were from
the Coeur d'Alenes.
Frank Gellese, the engineer In charge
of the machinery when the accident
occurred, surrendered himself to the
military and was locked up in the bull
pen. Gellese is a newcomer in the dis
trict, but is said to have been strongly
recommended as a competent engineer.
Most of the victims of the accident
were strangers in the district, having
come from the Coeur d'Alenes, the
Lake Superior mines and other districts
to take the places of strikers in Cripple
Creek.
At a late hour to-night only, one body
that could be identified had been taken
from the shaft. It was that of Harry
Goegen, and was terribly mutilated.
Fragments of four or more bodies were
recovered from the various levels and
many articles of clothing which were
torn from the falling men were found.
An investigation of the causes has
been going on to-night, three expert
engineers having been called in to ex
emine the machinery: but newspaper
representatives as well as the public
have been rigidly excluded by the mine
officers in control.
VICTOR, Colo.. Jan. 26.— As the re
sult of an accident which occurred
about 3 o'clock this morning at the
Strattcn Independence mine, located
near the center of this city, fifteen men
! are dead and one other is severely in
i jured. The dead:
W. R. FRAZIER.
JOHN SEBECK.
JOE SMITHERUM.
EDWARD TWIGGS.
L. A. WAGONER.
H. A. TOEMAN.
EDWARD SMITH.
JOSEPH OVERT.
H. F. BROWN.
W. B. COLLINS.
J. L. STEWARD.
C. C. STATEN.
FRAN'K COCHRANE.
L. P. JACKSON'.
HARRY GOEGEN.
Injured: James Bullbek, body
f bruised and scalp wounds.
CAGE CRASHES DOWN* SHAFT.
In the main shaft of the mine six
; t*<?n men were being hoisted in the
cage from the six, seventh and eighth
I lrvels. When the cage got to the sur
' face in the shafthouse the engineer
' was unable to stop the engine and the
CHjre with its load of human freight was
| drawn up into the gallows frame, where
' Jt became lodged temporarily. The
strain on the cable caused it to part,
releasing the cage, which went down
the shaft at terrific momentum. Two
" of the occupants of the cage, however,
had become entangled with the timber
rr>ds near the top of the gallows frame
and one of them, L. P. Jackson, was
crushed to death by the sheave wheel
frJlinc upon him. The other, James
Bullbck. had a marvelous escape from
death, but received painful injuries.
He was rescued from his perilous posi
tion by m»n in the shafthouse.
The shift boss and a number of
miners went down into the mine
through another compartment of the
chaft and found that all the men who
started with the cage on its wild flight
of 1500 feet to the bottom of the shaft
were dead, their bodies being scattered
IRATE OFFICIAL
OUSTS CITIZEN
STANFORD MEN
RISK POISON
Mistake Is Made by University
Students, Who Were Seek
ing Lamps and Found Jam
fffax Collector of Fresno County
Throws an Inkwell at a
Han a Grievance
Hancock, enraged by the man's
words and manner, grabbed an ink
well and threw it at Hendricks, strik
ing him on the head and cutting a
long grash. Hendricks stagg'ered back
and before he could recover himself
Hancock had hold of him and was
carrying him outside.
Special Dispetca to Th« Call
FRESNO, Jan. 26. — County Tax
Collector Hancock this afternoon
threw an inkwell at John Hendricks
and then threw the latter bodily out
of the Tax Collector's office.
Hendricks had been boasting about
the Courthouse during the day that he
would "clean out" Hancock's office be
cause of a grievance he had over an
alleged mistake in his taxes. About 2
o'clock he walked into the Tax Col
lectors' office and said:
"When are you thieves going to give
me back ray money?"
All attention was on him in a min
irte and he then advanced in a
threatening manner toward Hancock
and exclaimed:
"You are a thief."
Special DUpfttch to The Call
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Jan.
26. — George Adderson, the aged over
seer of buildings, who is in charge of
Encina Hall, the men's dormitory, is
having his troubles.
The board of trustees ordered Ad
derson to confiscate all kerosene
lamps found in the possession of the
students living at Encina. As the
electric lights are cut off at 10:30
o'clock each night, an extremely early
hour for students who. are frequently
obliged to burn the midnight oil. the
Encina men occasionally resort to
the use of kerosene lamps after the
electric current is shut off.
The overseer of Encina did not
trust the work of seizing the larnDs to
his corps of Japanese assistants, but
made a personal room to room search
of Encina's 490 apartments and col
lected a large number of lamps,
which he cached in a basement room!
Several of the Encina men put their
heads together and decided to regain
their property. They proceeded to
the basement and with a small bar
pried the lock and staple off the door.
Not only did they find their lamps
DROP DOWN DEEP SHAFT TO DEATH;
RESCUING PARTY NEARLY PERISHES
THE SAN, FRANCISCO CALU, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 27, 1904J
If a cock crows at the door, a gen
tleman is going to visit the house: if
a hen crows, so'me member of the fam
ily will die.
If you carry a tree pepper In your
pocket, -you will become poor.
If you give a thing away and take It
back again, you will have a sty.
If you roll your eyes when the moon
changes, they will stay crooked.
If you kill a spider, you will soon
break a Dlate.
. If a lizard jumps into a tub in which
clothes are being washed, the washer
woman must not touch them for. four
hours* or they will tear in her hands.
If a John Crow (turkey buzzard) flies
into the house, some terrible misfor
tune will happen. When the birds nest
in your house a wedding may be ex
pected.
Whenever a neero hurts & black do*
he always begs its pardon, because the
spirits of black dogs are supposed to
go into men's bodies after death and
cause them to walk the earth in the
shape of a black do«r. ••-;?'
When a. West Indian. negro cuts his
hair he always buries the severed hairs.
He argues that they are part of th|
body, and therefore as ranch. entitnO
to a grave as the rest of him will be.
The neirroes of the British "West In
dies have many curious superstitions
They believe it is unlucky to- praise a.
baby or to say that it is like its father
or its mother. If you say to a Jamafca
negress, "What a beautiful child:" you
are apt to incur her bitter enmity, j
To give the baby good luck, they
mark it on the forehead -with a cross
in washing blue or tie a blue ribbon on
its arm. They will never, on any ac
count, measure or weigh a baby, for
that means the worst of bad luck.
Signs of Coming Trouble, In Which
They Place Most Firm
Belief.
SUPERSTITIOX OF THE
A\*EST INDIAX XEOROES
5
ADVEBTISEMENT8. _^__
WjJRkjffl '— jj— B No woman's happl.
BSTrogr mm Bffi&^l B4& 4EP* ness can be complete
WW %j0BBB&mBB X& without children; i!
is her nature to love
fsr&M B&B B^l& &r&^&^& m^tB E£&j£ft& as much so as
£y W MfsLffBMBiBBBj&BB 67 >t is to lore tha
pure. The' critical ordeal through which the expectant mother must
pass, however, is so fraught with dread, pain, suffering and danger,
that the very thought of it fills her- with apprehension and horror.
There is no necessity for the reproduction of life to be either painful
or dangerous. The use of Mother's Friend so prepares the system for
the coming event that it is safely passed without any danger. This
great and wonderful
remedy is always S&JSSSI .¦¦i. JSjL JPL». .^¦^ -mm*W *^
appliedexternally,and BBSS B&Bf BIB ff& B& ' C •
has carried thousands* M WB vM? Sb B M S&B f&7
of women through' _ mm^ mm
the trying crisis without suffering, mjr^ imrrt S *t9^* Mot-m.
fiend for free book containing information fltSf Br^mtS MOBa /B^B ATn
»t priceless ralue to all expectant mothers. Bf . B B tiES H B Wa B
The Bradfield Rego W»r C^, Atliata. 6a. • m m^* m m^^ m
? "__ l_\ _ .THE 3BMP0BIUM . ; - | THE EMPOBIXTBL | THE EMPORIUM. J THB-EMPOBIUM. V/-v
Jf Colored DinnerwarO Fairness and justness to all our patrons, and our Sale of Velvet* $
«? Art Skins ,. Gold Edge money back guarantee back of every purchase. B XSf nS Carpots $
$ on Sale ; 106 each ' - <w v >m> \^^ ¦ 27c on Sale i
| TolDay White Semi- Porce- J^>/^ Astf* j& dies? ns'^some St ' OO y arti $
I Good, largfskins- t^X^cZ- f°Jl P iat^ d: I
% reds,tans-brbvvns, tion; : soup Opiates, ; ~ "-^^B^^Ker.cas grandest stobs Uh withweS3 sewed ' lined and ?
* grays andygreens ;- salad bowls, des- , ~— ¦ - isn with pretty , aid ,__ this week . *
J; —at about ; /half > sert plates and pie , „ stone setting, ex- , ,!. ! ,^ eek 5
K their real 1 value -'- plates each fOc The large lot of Dress Skirts advertised in Tues- tra length; worth on 17 10c to 20c per «
}- ' ¦ : ' •¦¦¦¦¦¦¦•-• v — ' ¦ - ¦ • day Chronicle for special sale Tuesday and Wednes- 50c and 75c; to- yard cheaper than J
$ '.'' Pocket Musioales } day, if quantity lasted, were all sold before 3 o'clock day . . . . 27c tapestries. S
* ' Knives and MuSIO -yesterday. We announce this fact to-day so that — — _. ___ __ ____ — , J
%Wv"%bA':< : ¦'•'•'*• Sales y° u win - not inquire for them and.be disappointed. Three Most Women's •}
K ¦ '~ c ' " Mr.'GeorgeJ. Hayes, . — ,' _. , Popular Fleece \
J. Either- one or; two -composer and pian- - J his Year s first Novels Lined I
K good. steel ist, assisted by vio^ - Big Veiling Sale "The Deliverance,'* by Hose 25a *
& with a .variety of linist, will -demon- •. To-Day and Thursday \ . Ellen Glasgow, "oso aa #
*: styles of handles /strate his latest PK*%-%4Swmmm %J**SM** OOn "The Call of the Heavy cotton, silk j
ft —white bone, imi- compositions in our BT BW*a&B9MSJ ff&BM3» JJO > Wild," by Jack fleece lined, very >i
J tation stag, -black Music Department Worth 75c and $1.00 Jf ndon » , and Marion warm and com- $
* horn- and COCOa I evef y afternoon this week, : By taking an immense lot of these very' r^O^^K^O^ Crawford .latest, "The f or table without 5
* beginning at .a: 3 o v .. This x latest nove.ty veils, we are enabled to offer KXXXXXxV ' ?* ** ' *u 1? 4 - ?i C
£ bola; good knives; m *,- IC th 8 is wee £ ; x 'g c Fer them at tpe ' c ; al e at about onMhin | 5ySA?O0OO< : ***** » *«"% ... the objectionable J
£. little price. . .copy.^ price you can buy them for elsewhere. IXYWyVyV I 31.OB feature of WOOl. ?. %
H nmmmmi^m^^^^m^^^^mi^mimm^amm^^mm^^^^^t^^m^^mm The assortment includes black with black H^S^S^xOn^V^^^ ""¦¦¦^"¦¦^¦¦^¦¦¦^¦¦^¦¦^¦¦¦¦^^^¦^¦^¦^¦¦¦¦^•i 9
| Safe of Women's M^MW^^M 888S866S : Boys' Overcoats, ?
% $i.OO Gloves 7 9g ";= 1^"."Z £?J$zl £? jgx**X$ffi sr.so to $12.50 siyics 3|
* '7W.gr only half a thousand pairs 1^^ NOW 05.OO i
f WOmen's -.OVerSeaiTl and' piqiie /'and Thursday, if quantity lasts, your choice at m9m9& Choice of OUr entire Stock of Boys' RuS- 'J
i prime quality lambskin gloves,:-- .'^ , ' ' -— : — — " ' sian Overcoats, made by New York's *{
K in tans, beavers, slates and fast blacks, S&lG Of SiS^Chtoi manufacturing tailors; every one of ix
% ..withone'rovv and Raris point self-stitch-. -» - ~ -m n -m- them exclusive m design, fine in fabric, ' |
»: ing on the backs, two neat patent clasps &6SSiai T GS &BM&8 DOiliOS exquisite in coloring; coats that were ,;
5. at wrist, durable, well fit- „ An c^nt line ofvery fine Swiss Ia CC and Spachtcl Squares, f ° rme y P " f T0 ™* 7 -? 0 to f^.50 V
J ting, first-class $ 1.00 gloves; 73O 3«3i inchc, to-day and Thursday, itquantity iut.. eaCh ' nOW , marked tO d0SC « WlthoUt X
*: special, per pair. . ; ;, cac h . ./ . ... 49p reservation . . y §§ m QQ J
S>* mm m ' *u> ji~'«tf* '» 'Many designs of Spachtel Doilie*, suitable for table centers or side- . -/ , . . ,-t- &
J $7.50 ROCkerS $4.35 boards, on , P ccialsal C to-day and Thursday only- A S" 2% to 6. X
g Upholstered Rocker-Golden quarter-sawed / SSSlB W&SStinggS . Real LSCC Curtains *
1 ISPStiSilS^ Select Spring Styles $1.OO Values 59c |
v |«ly in all stores at • 25c Oxfords 14c A^llL^^fX'"^^!^ S
* $/.5U, OUr VerV Spej J&JT' tjq~l|a 65C OxfordS 38C Point « BrusseI »« Soutache and Tambour Muslin*, worth "?
1 ISl^illiSilif | ¦ 65c Flannels 38c VSL&Z^^*^™ SBC §
i 'fflfSI^/'St ¦UkI '^^^LS^SS^ i% Porto Rico Cigars \
j: weathered oak finish, J^TJ weaves, crisp from the looms, and some choice Q n Sale This Week %
5* • suiubie, for. den, library or :Bb^sbo&s«![ Flannel Waisting, marked to start the season at 10 for s-^. ' nr •*
*^ hal;; regularly f^oo; .our • > Ij leSS than they COSt in the mills. R - € P^ -JJ
X very special -^ Tl j—Finc White Oxfords, in two different fJg^ J I° r A' Hi 2
g '.pnce,cyh;.J|>J.yy f ¦¦ wravct, solid texture; instead of 2S c a yard, to-day . K **** 7\0T MB \/V $
J Household Sff*SiShGS * * ' &G smokers. £ .%
% ==: Lot 3 — Waisung Flannels, fancy corded weaves, French » m - jf
*i Floor Sweeps— All hair— 12-inch 75C, and manufacture, strictly wco!, assorted stripes and select colorings, 65c Vli^OG&FI@S m IL§£fi£OJ*§ «J
$ the 14-inch £zc ......... 90c value; to-dav sn d balance of >v«k whi'equmti? Ia,t, . g&Q special Wednesday and Thursday \
it- DUSI BrUShCS— With handle, all bristle, largs • • • -. W1#1# Flour-Whols Wheat or Graham, 10-lb sack, . J24O S
ti s,iie . . .... ....... . 4OC Vil(»nf!nf>c Corn Meal— Best Eastern, yellow, io-lb saelu . .23c *
h Cobweb Brush— For ceilings and corners ... . 7Sc ' VaiCIIUHC© Eastern Cheese— Martin's best, 1b 17 x Ac «
i 5* Laundry Brushes— First grade rice root . ... . We AFC Re8dV Kom Coffee— Our Hawaiian blend, Ib %Qq If
' *{ Wall Brush— The Hind;, adjustable extension handles, ,_____________--__«_~- M .--_—__a______ M _____ n -. Van Camp's Products— Beans, Macaroni and Chee;e or X
!J brstmike $1.5U IUB-*44**-M B%2**4*m ****** 1%** • Soups; for the two days, 3 tins 2So m m
\h Scrub Brush— Thxk, hravy back, lon^j Tampico bristles BwM%&U*&£9 3^SG9Mm&& Z9 G For th= tw» days, per dozen Q8C \%
j J* 15a o "'¦¦*¦ u - ¦ ¦ • u Gilka Kummtl — Genuine imported, bottle. . .StmtO •*
!* Family Paint Brush -The fla: kind, metal bound, good > me ot , thc prettiest pUtino prints tnat we have ever TabFe Claret- 5 year,, ealtop . . . . Tj&Z S
| f bristles— offered at special sale. Matted m extra black, gray Club Cocktails— Manhattan, Vermonth, Whisky, etc.,
i 2^-inch . . . 35o 3^-inch . . . 50 O and green mats, making a picture 11x14 inches. They k°tt' e Q7o 5
3-inch. . . .400 4-inch. . . . 65c uc c h o ice reproductions^* popular subj-cts in land- Kentucky Belle Bourbon-Saur m«h, fuU qaart bot- {»
•? Cusnldor or ToL'et Scrubs— Stout root, each . . . tOO j c ,, , • • 1 tc RR*i *
i- MarJel Shoe Shiner-A brush of «et and br-,t: e3 for "apes and figures, weU worth 25c each; special Choice Whiskies- Bourbon, or R,e_ American dab fr \
% pattnt leather and other shoes . 25C Wednesday only Qq Globe or Kentucky River, gallon ... . . . $2.GO 5
ADVERTISEMENTS.
***k J9% — *r?» ,-, EST» I847» a P*a
J| Are a universal remedy for Pains in the Back (so frequent Wk
fss in the case of women). They give instantaneous relief. Ill
jgj V/herevcr there is a pain apply a Plaster. m
1 DIRECTIONS FOR USE §|]
I :| Forp«in, {„ the repon of For BhetraimUwn or Pslni For Sera Throat. CwjcJm, ta
i *£"* oey ** orfor i.*^f? k *" ShoHMer., elbow* or Br.nchltU. for Wmk Egg.
§§3 Back, the pl«ster should be el&e « h«re, or for Sprains. Ltutf ami for ptinfnl and p*8i
II f, p £ ; " d ** shown, above. Stiff **'•. etc.. and for sensitive Mtts of theabdo- {£&
m$4 wbrmer theie i« pain Acttlng Feet, cut plaster men, apply as indicated. &*!
Ipi apply AlkocVi Tester. size and ihap«requiiV<{ awl FVJ maicaica.
Hi Rheumatism, Colds, Coughs 11
N Weak Chest, Weak Back ||
m Lumbago. Sciatica. &c. v &c, M
Hi REFdEWlBER—AHeock'g Plasters are the original and RcnuiDa poroos f&i
| j plaster and hav« never b*»en equalled as pain-enrers. Furthermore, they aru BM
f'\= * h *>fa*dp »afe as they do not contain belladonna, opium or any poison Era'According to the Department of Ag
riculture, standard milk is milk con
taining not less than ZM per cent of
milk fat and 8\i percent of solids not
fat, and which has an acidity equiva
lent to not more than 2.10 per cent of
lactic acid.
Marriage Licenses.
OAKLAND, Jan. 26. — The following
marriage licenses were issued by the
County Clerk to-day: Edward C. Ru
dorff. 34, Sonora, and Hattie Kennedy,
29, San Francisco; William A. Coving
ton, over 21, and Grace R. Squire,
over 18. both of San Francisco; Dan
iel Cox, 27, and Delia Ammone, 19,
both of San Francisco.
ALAMEDA, Jan. 26. — Mrs. H. O.
Eimer of 1305 Weber street has re
ported to the police that her resi
dence was entered and looted yester
day afternoon between the hours ot 1
and 5 o'clock while she was attending
a whist party at a friend'8 home. In
cluded in the articles taken by the
burglar were eight old gold rings, a
gold bracelet, $23 in silver, two gold
dollars, a child's bank containing $4
and an ebony cross bound with gold.
Access to the house was obtained by
the thief by means of a skeleton key.
which was used in opening a rear door.
It i3 the theory of the police that the
theft is the work of some one that
Is familiar with the Eimer premises and
the habits of the members of the
household. In ransacking Jhe resi
dence the burglar uncovered consider
able heavy silverware, but none of this
was carried away.
Enters the Residence of Mrs. It. G.
Elmer and Carries Away Valu
able Jewelry and Cash.
BURGLAR L.OOTS HOUSE
DURING THE DAYTIME
Brugulere Company (a corporation) to J. V.
Matteson lot on NW line of Temple street, 125
"NE of Putnam. NE 30 by NW 125, portion of
lot 4 block 10. map subdivisions of NE r°rUon
of Sather Tract. Fruitvale. Erooklya Town
ship; $10. _
Manuel and Maria Ferreira to Frank Souza
Silva, lot 10. block I>, map Andrew Jones' sub
division. Brooklyn Township; grant.
Ina M Baird (wife of T. F.) to Robert L.
Frier lot en E line of Schiller street, 157 :« 8
of Railroad avenue. S 50 by E 108. Alarneda;
$10. - --__
Margaret A. an 1 Martin J. Dunn to Board of
Education of Town of Berkeley, lots "> and 6,
block Z. Leonard Tract. Berkeley; J250O.
• Evergreen Cemetery Association (a corpora
tion) to John Pfanstiel, lot in cemetery, Brook
lyn Township: $23O.
John D. McCarthy to Rose A. .Dumontier
fwife of Joseph L-). let 1 and W 5 feet of lot
2, In subdivision B. map of Fruitvale Terminal
Tract. Brooklyn Township: $ .
Helen A. and William A. ailllam to II. It.
V>rru«\ lot on N line- of Lincoln street. S!> W
of Snattuck avenue. W 4't by N 135. block A.
map of Golden Gate Homestead. Berkeley: $li>.
Manuel or Manuel E. and Clotllde rie Hoble*
(wife) to Jose Machado Torres, lot on W line
of Eighth street. 411.55 S of Charming way. S
2* by W l-'io, lot 1J>. block t."?T>. corrected map
of Avery Tract, Berkeley: $1'».
Charles and Auguste C. Behnke (wife) to
Nela P. Nelson, lot on X line of FVlton street.
10O E of Paradise. K 5O liy N 135. lot 15, bloclt
C, Paradise Park. Berkeley; $10.
William L. T. and Adeline L. Krug to Wil
liam H. Krug, lot on N line of Oregon street.
2C0 W of McGee. W 40 by N 123, block «5. map
of State University Homestead Association No.
3, Berkeley; $10.
Sam*? to Mav S. Davids fwifo of Charles
r.>. lot 7, block G. samp map. Oakland; $10.
Gothard ISackman to Otto t\ Hackman. lot
on K corr.er of E?st Nineteenth street and
Twenty-second avenu<\ SE 75 by NE 1V>, lota 1
1. 1*. 3. block 6T>. s-'an Antonio, East Oakland;
$15.
John 8. end B^ershaha 8. I.in«cott to Stella
M. Linscrtt (daughter). X 77 \fe»>t of lot B,
blcck 1, amemleri rrap of Sea View Park, por
tion of pint 75. Berkeley: jrtft.
Sorlne Fetersen (»:nr'<>> to Ira Vauuhan. lot
on S\V line of Hamilton place. T&23 NW of
Oakland avenue, XW :;r> by S\V 90, lot 31.
Hamilton Tract, Oakland: $10.
H. P. Bancroft to Charles P. navies. lot 3,
block O, man bj Santa Fp Tract No. 2. deed
and agreement. Oakland; $H>.
Sam* to lame, lot ti, block G. ranie map.
Oakland; $10.
Hom» Building Company (corporation) to
Klnni* <\ Ba»hfor<t. lots 1'A and 2«. map Forest
Park Tract. Brooklyn Township: $10.
Leo L. and E.Velle H. Nichots to Ander
son M. and Mary E. Kin*, lot on NE corner
of Thirly-*?cor..1 and Chestnut »tr«><?ts. K 2-S::*
by X ICO. portion of lot 1. block 673. map No.
2, Watts Tract. Oakland: $10.
Arthur P. and little W. Holland and
Frank H. Ayres (single) to Thomas W. Pier
son, lot on N lin<!> of Twenty-seventh streot.
S3&S1 E of Telegraph avenue. E •"« by N »•;.
heinjr W 3 fe?t of lot tt and E ."«> feet of lot b.
Telejrraph Terrace. Oakland: $1<>.
Edward I». Flirt <sln«le> to Maria L. Chese
rirough. lot oi» N\V lir«» of Orange mreet. "JIO
S\V of P»rry. SW 22. 55. N\V l.'SO. SK ZL39.
SK 1301 portion of let ;:2. Work K. mat) of
Flint Tract No. 4. Accl given tr> correct narr.o
o' grantee In tormer <lefd. Oakland: ?1 ( >.
J. H. and Minnie Dlngwell twlfe) to John
W. Haas, lot on S Un* of Twentieth street.
125 E of YVpst. K 2."> by S 1<X». portion of lot
5. block Q. Rarnes Tract, etc.. Oakland: $H>.
Hfnry and Anna M. Itiohter iXicketman or
Nickelmann) to town cf Herk?ley. lot pa W
lino of King street. 29.8O N of Its intersection
with Mni> dividinsr Iotn 2X and 21». N .20 cf a
foot by W l-f>. portion lot 29, map lands Re
gent Street Homestead Association. Birke
l'y: $4.
Frederick and I^ouisa Nlckfflmann for Nlck
elmari) to Fam<\ lot i.n intersection of W Una
of King street, with above numed dlvldlnjf line.
etc.. turner N ZH.8O W 120. S W.Sy. K 120.
N 3n.no to beginning. b»ing N "O.f.O fft of lot
2S and S 29, SO of lot 20, same map, Berkeley:
*000.
V. A. and Ksther K. Chlchefter to Franlt
G. Watson, lot beginning on iln» SO E from NO
corner Cf Hamilton <or McO*) and Delaware
street.*. K So by N 1X"»:4'j. portion lots « and
7, Mock .1. same man. Berkeley: *tO.
Frank G. ar.ii Mlttto it. Wat*"n to C A.
Chlch»*ter. loi b*>sinnlnjf on line l.;t> E from
XK corner Of Hamilton lor MoOfe* and D«ia
ware street*. VZ r.O by N I33:*9fc portion of lot
7. block .!, map State University Homestead
Association No. ». PerKeley: *1».
A. I", and L-ettie \V. Holland and Frank H.
Ajm tslnple) tu II. N. IHackburn. lot un >T
line of Twenty 'm wuttl street; HO E of Tele
graph avpnu.\ K ;i.VS". N 03, W ;;•>.!>!¦<. S P3, lut
J. map of TcU-Erai'h Terrace. Oakland; $ll>.
-Mnmrihi County.
Florence T. Estlll (widow) to Portia E. War
ren (wife of E. W.). lot on N line of Eighth
etrret. 72 K of Jackson, E '_*<; by N 10O ue
cortcd January 25, 1UO4). deed and agreement.
Oakland; 910.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
OAKLAND. Jan. 26.— Suit for di
vorce was begun ftq-dayby Thomas
B. Wright against Nellie Wright, who,
he alleges, has deserted- him. They
were married in San Francisco in
1902. ¦ •
Says Wife Left Him.
VICTORIA, -BC— Sailed Jan 28— Br stmr
Empress ot. Japan,- for Yokohama and ' Hong
kong: Jap stmr Tosa Maru.t for Yokohama, .
Arrived Jan 2«-Br stmr > Wellington, hence
Jan 22. for Ladveraith. : . - V
PORT BL.AKKLEY— Sailed Jan- 26 — Bark S
C AHtn, for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORT.
.; Tuesday, January 26.
gtmr. Acme. I^undqulat, 30 hours from Eu
reka. ' ¦ ¦ ' - ' '-."' '.: *
OUTSIDE/BOUND IN. 12 MIDNIGHT.
• Schrs* Defiance and Fred B Sander.
¦••--. DOMESTIC PORT/
Kate Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
OAKLAND, Jan. 26. — Sparks; from
a galley stove chimney set fire to the
sails of the schooner Albert Meyer,
lumber laden, at the city wharf this
morning, endangering the vessel and
cargo. A line of hose was run to the
vessel from the steam schooner Pasa
dena, lying on the opposite side of the
pier. Lively work saved the schooner
from serious damage. The cargo was
consigned to the Pa"cific Coast Lumber
Company.
Lumber Laden Schooner Afire.
OAKLANP,.Jan. 26.— The Charities'
Indorsement committee of Oakland,
which will pass upon appeals to mer
chants for relief, was organized last
night by the election of H. C. Capwell
as president. The Rev. Charles R.
BrQwn, pastor of the First Congrega
tional Church, was selected as a'mem
ber, of the committee, which is . com
posed of the following named members:
From ' Board of Trade— H. C. Capwell,
J. B. Richardson; from Merchants' Ex
change—A. Jonas, D. C. Brown; from
Associated Charities— John D. Isaacs,
Miss Katherine Felton; general repre
sentative—the Rev. Charles R. Brown.
Board of >R*preseht»Uybj Members Is
Formed -"to 'Pass tJpon. Appeals to
v Me"rchants for. Assistance.
CHARITIES INDORSEMENT
' COMMITTEE ORGANIZES
OAKLAND, Jan. 26. — Fatherless
and motherless, with a foster-father,
who, it is alleged, is cruel, William
Massie, a nine-year-old child, it is
charged, is in need of a guardian and
to this end C. Anita Whitney, an of
ficer of the Juvenile Court, has peti
tioned Judge Hall to declare the
youngster a dependent child. The
father of the child was shot and killed
by the mother some years ago. The
whereabouts of the mother is not
known and the child, it is alleged, is
in unsympathetic hands.
Wants Court to Take Child.
.Mr. and Mrs., Dudley Klnsell have Just re
turned ¦ from a two weeks' stay at Pacific
Grove. ¦ - -¦ • - ¦¦ ' ' ¦' :
MUs Annie Sullivan and Hugh Klmball sur
prised their friends by «llpping off very quietly
and Retting married last Sunday, two weeks
ahead of the time Ret. < Rev. F. X. Morrison
performed the ceremony, after which the happy
couple left . for Sacramento, where they will
spend their honeymoon.- They will reside in
Oakland, whtre Mr. Klmball Is engaged in
business, being an electrician.
Miss Grace Kidwell entertained th» Colum
blneClub at its last meeting. Miss Ella, llof
fltt and Edward Holden carried oft the prizes.
A very- Dleaslne feature of the evcnlnr was
the playing and singing of thos* two Inimitable
"ragtime artist*." Ltnie Clark and Lee Gil
bert. Amons those ' pre*«it were Miss Grace
Kidwell, Miss Florence McDonald. MLss Ella
Moffitt. Miss Julia Webber. Miss Mabel Jacobs.
Miss' Tes.'ie "Hevern, Miss Lillian Conly ana
Miss Gertrude Brtody: Lee Gilbert. Lenie Clark,
Mel Moffltt. Jack Davidson, Eddie Holden.
Frank Buzzonie. Normal Kltiwell. Charlie
Bergner. Al Gilbert and A. r B. .Moffltt. -. .
C. E. Hooper. Mrs. E.- P. Henshaw, Mrs. R.
K Lee, Mra. S. C. Howe, Mrs. Jullen Mathieu.
Mrs. J. r. Oarlick. Mrs. J. C. Hag*r. ilrs. D.
K. Newell. Jirs. O. W. Langbam. Mrs. A. E.
Nash, Mrs. F. M. Dodge and Mrs. D. McKay.
OAKLAND. Jan. 26.— An appraise
ment of the estate left by the late
Josiah P. Ames, senior member of the
firm of Ames & Harris, tent and awn
ing manufacturers, filed with the
courts to-day, shows that he had prop
erty valued at $83,549 50. His share
in the business in which he was en
gaged is valued at $75,000. Oakwood
Farm, located near Martinez and own
ed by him, makes up the balance of his
estate.
Josinh P. Ames' Estate.
OAKLAND, Jan. 26. — Vladimar
Ligda and -C. Gargadcnnec have filed
an accusation against Constable Bert
Hempstead, charging him with embez
zling $136, and asking that he be re
moved from office. They claim they
placed the money in his hands to in
demnify him against loss in the case of
an attachment and after; the suit was
won they were unable to recover the
money from him. The matter will be
heard before Judge Hay next Thurs-
Accuse Constable.
ALAMEDA. Jan. 26.— George Rosen
berg of 1183 Broadway narrowly
escaped being , drowned yesterday
afternoon at the south end of Regent
street while swimming after a duck
that he had shot. He was stricken
with cramps when some distance out
from the beach and was struggling
helplessly when his plight was ob
served by Lionel Morell. The latter
quickly went to' the hunter's assistance
in a rowboat and after some effort
succeeded In dragging Rosenberg into
the craft. After being taken ashore
and plied with stimulants Rosenberg
recovered and was soon able to go to
his home unaided.
Nearly Loses Life.
Professor Gayley has taken his ma
terial from thirty old plays that were
presented in the religious, houses and
in the streets of England 600 years ago.
He is an authority on the old English
drama, being now engaged on a work
dealing with the subject, and so has
had access to many works.
It is interesting to know that the
play was staged under the direction
of Ben Greet, manager- of the company
of English players that, presented
"Everyman" and "Twelfth Night" at
the university so successfully last sum
mer. It was this same; English com
pany that presented .' the. play. It has
been in preparation ;f or some time and
even Professor Gayley ; was . not in
formed of the progress of the arrange
ments. 'A telegram received yesterday
informed him that the play. was about
to be- given. , <*. : .¦ .
Professor Charles Mills Gayley, head
of the department of English at the
University of California, is the author
of a miracle play that was presented
at Chickering Hall in Boston for the
first time yesterday. Its title is "The
Star of Bethlehem," the action being
founded on the Bible story and dealing*
with the nativity, the passion and the
resurrection. The gospel narrative !s
followed closely and the entire play is
markedly simple. #
(.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
214S Center street, Jan. 26.
MKHCHAVTS' KXCHAXGE W ILL
ADVERTISE ALAMEDA COUNTY
Committee Appointed to Confer With
State Board of Trade Regard
ing Matter.
OAKLAND. Jan. 26.— The Merchants'
Exchange has taken up jthe matter of
advertising th»» advantages of Alameda
County in the daily papers, and a com
mittee of three was appointed to-night
to confer with the State Board of Trade
in regard to furnishing illustrated ad
vertising matter to the State organiza
tion for publication in the San Fran
cisco paper?. The members of the com
mittee are Ji. C." Capwell, George W.
Arper and B. M. Briare.
W. H. Wellbey was appointed a com
mittee of one to communicate with the
Pacific Underwriters* Association and
to endeavor, to induce the association
to provide tarpaulin covers for use in
preserving goods from damage by
xvatir. Chief Ball of the Fire Depart
ment has expressed his willingness to
have the tarpaulins made a part of the
equipment of the department and to
Bee that they are used if the under
writers' association will supply them.
Association Klccts Officers.
OAKLAND, Jan. 26. — The follpw
ing officers and board of managers of
the West Oakland Home have been
elected by the Home Association of
ficers: President, Mrs. W. H. Crock
er; first vice president, *Miss Grace
Trovor; second vice president, Mrs.
Charles J. Hoeseman; recording sec
retary, Mrs. A. L. Wolfe; correspond
ing secretary. Miss L. Dennison; treas
urer. Miss Margaret Hamilton; direc
tors, in addition to above, Mrs. M. W.
Backus and Mrs. W. A. Schrock;
board of managers, Mrs. H. B. Mehr
mann, Mrs. A. N. Peach, Mrs. H. H.
Kirby. Mrs. W. F. Rudolph, Mrs. I. A.
Beretta. Mrs. Samuel Platt. Mrs. Wil
liam Angus, Mrs. E. S. Van Court,
Mrs. E. S. Hughes, Mrs. Oscar Lun
ing, Mrs. W. H. Weilbye and Miss L.
Dennison; advisory board, • W. H.
Crocker, D. Edward Collins. W. R.
Davis. John A. Britton and W. F. Ru
dolph; physician, 'Dr. W. D. Hunting
ton. ;<:¦
Will rrotret Tlteatrr-Goers.
OAKLAND. Jan. 26. — The City
Council's special committee on theater
safeguards against fire has referred to
City Attorney McElroy for examina
tion the rough draft of a proposed
ordinance to regulate protective meas
ures. The ordinance covers all mod
ern methods of protection. It will
provide for the deliiiling of two fire
men at each theater during perform
ances. The ordinance wiJI be returned
to the committee in form ready for
report to the City Council.
Barnes Held for Trial.
OAKLAND, Jan. 26. — William E.
Barnes, accused of stealing Dr. Wil
liam S. Porter's horse and buggy, was
held in $3000 bonds for trial . before
the Superior j Court on a charge of
grand larceny by Police Judge Smith
to-day.
The injury was so serious that the
member was amputated above the knee
at the Receiving Hospital by Dr. R. T.
Stratton. Though the boy is in a crit
ical condition from shock and hemor
rhage, the chances are fair for recov
ery.
OAKLAND, Jan. 26.— Robert Martin.
10 years old, residing on Pine street,
near Ninth, West Oakland, had his left
leg crushed by freight car wheels un
der which he fell this afternoon while
jumping on a moving train at Seventh
and Cedar streets.
Falls From Train and JLef t L«s Is so
Badly Hurt That Member Is
Amputated.
BOY IS CRUSHED BY
FREIGHT CAR WHEELS
Head of the English Depart
ment at University Author
of "The Star of Bethlehem''
GAYLEY WRITES
MIRACLE PLAY
A prize of $5 Is offered by the Mask and
Dagger Societv for the best poster cf a colonial
design for "The Jealous Wife." The competi
tion i« open to Ptudents of Berkeley and Mark
Hopkins Institute.
The AESociated Chemists adopted the plan
sugRested by Profe«sor Stalder of visiting the
manufactories arcuml the bay for the purpose
of getting practical information on the methods
In vojrue amon; .them. The Jasper Steel
Works in San Francluro will be the first plant
visited. The association also declared for a
jolly-up and named a committee to arrange for
It the members being E. P. Jaggard '04, N. G.
Smith '04 and D. J. Fcgg '05. •
The Phi Kappa Sigma recently initiated the
following named as iiptv members: H. A.
MorriHon 'Ot. E. C. La Rue '04. A. V. Judson
'05 W. H. Robinson '06, L. A. Cromwell '07
und II. A. Kelly '07.
The third senior assembly will be held In
Shattuck Hall on Friday night. The patrons
and patronesses are 'President and Mrs.
Wheeler. Colonel and Mrs. George C. Edwards,
PntfefFor and Mrs. & A. Bradley, Professor
ami Mrs. Frank Soule, Professor and Mrs.
Schilling. Professor and Mrs. Chauncey W.
Weils. Thc^e that will receive are the Mtases
Alice (irabam. Sara Webb. Grace Foulds, Ma
rian Lealc, May Grl^wold. Dorinda Whltton,
Martha Rice: Max Wilton, Scott Reaser, J. E.
Koa'ihous*. Max Thelen, Anthony Meany, Ar
thur Price, De Witt LSisbee and Miss Sara Mc-
Lean.
On account of the multiplicity of his univer
sity duties, Profctfor George Davidson, head
of the. department of geography,' has declined
the invitation to act as chairman of the geo
graphical department of the International Con
gress at the St. Louis Exposition. The offer
came from Simon Newcomb. the astronomer,
who is chairman of the organizing" committee.
M. Vaygouny, Dr. Morgan's assistant In
chomiFtry, was nllghtly Injured yesterday by
the exploi-ion cf a beaker of nitrogen iodide,
with which he was experimenting before a
class. Seme of the chemical flew in his face
am] singed his hair, but did not injure him
otherwise.
BERKELEY. Jan. 26.— The 1904 women's
edition of tfie Occident will be edited by Miss
Virginia Whitehead. associate "edltor^of the
publication and president of the, senior clabs.
Fhe will be assisted by a staff of which the
following named will be members: Katharine
Herhhey, Belle Cooper. Sibyl Jones, Martha
Rice, Abbte Waterman, -KatheHne Smith, Great
AufTustine. Alice Phlllipe. Essie Tobrlner, So
phie Engelhardt and Camille Johnston. , ,
- The artistically arranged stage was located
in the ¦ large attic, which, .with lanterns and
foliage, had been transformed into a cozy little
theater. A cup of tea was later enjoyed, among
those present being: Mrs. D. A. Spencer. Mrs.'
F. J.-' Taylor, Mrs. E. D. Flint; Mrs. B. F.
Searight, Miss McCluf, Mrs. E. P. Cook, Mrs.
William 0. Badgley,- Mrs. S.' B. Houghton,
Mra. J. Livingston.- Mrs. Louis F. Cockroft,
Mrs. A. Pashelra, Miss Alice Flint. Mrs. 'A. L.
Cunningham,' Mrs." W.T: Veltch, Mrs.'W.'D.
Huntincton. ¦- Mrs. Track ; A. Leach Jr., Mrs.
The Hill Club held Its weekly meeting at
the Vernon Heights home of Mrs. George Cope
yesterday. "The Burglar." a little sketch by
Mrs. Margaret Cameron Smith, was presented
by Mlm Trances Irish, Mrs. James F. Wig
gins, ¦ Mrs. F. , A. Hackett, Miss Vera Jones
and Miss Georgia Cope.
Miss Grace Campbell was the hostess at a
pleasant whist party last Saturday night. The
residence I was prettily decorated In white and
Breen. The lucky prize winners were Mrs. E..
R. Bartholomew and George Jessup.
Mrs. Bartholomew also contributed much to
the evening's enjoyment with several songs,
and Mestrs. Jessup and Danby gave several
pleasing selections on the mandolin and guitar.
The guects were: Mr. and Mrs. George
King. Mr. and Mrs. E. R. Bartholomew, Mr.
and Mrs. T. C. Campbell, the . Misses GorriU.
Miss Edith. Thompson. Miss Olive Dibert, Miss
Estn DunJiur.'Mlsa Rachel Lothrop. Miss Mary
Jessup, Mies - Alice Tripp. and Messrs. Will
GorriU, Frank Martin. Will Danby. Guy Rey
nolds, John Ayres. Horace Campbell. Howard
Plersol, George Jessup and George EHIason.
J>r. and Mrs. Hay ward G. Thomas enter
tained the Monday Night Whist Club last even
lnsr. The prizes were wou by Mrs. Frank Ad
ams and Guy C. Earl.
The club includes among its members Dr.
ami Mrs. Frank Adams, Dr. and Mrs. Lemuel
Adams, Mr. and Mrs. Guy C. Earl, ' Mr. and
Mrs. A. H. Breed. Mr. and Mrs. Milton Bulk
ley. Mr. and Mrs". Charles Cotton. £>r. and Mrs.
I. K. Nicholson. Mr. and Mrs. F. F. Barbour,
Dr. and Mrs. E. von Adelungr. Mr. and' Mrs.
Harry Holmes Smith, Mr. and Mrs ; Fred Hath
away, Mr. and Mis. Sam Breck. Mr. and Mre.
A. K. Munson and ' Dr. and Mrs. H. ¦ G.
Thomas. .
The hostess was assisted In her hospitable
duties by Airs. Uusse 11 Cool. Mrs. W. W. Bur
nett, Mrs. W. C. Ralston and Miss Jennie Dun.
phy. • Othm- guests were Miss Mabel Cluff ¦ of
Han Francisco, Miss Helen de Youngf of San
Francisco, Misses Bessie and Adela Mills. Miss
Virginia Jolllffe. Miss Claire Chabot. Misses
May and Bertha Chubot. Misses Anita and
Carolyn Oliver, Miss Marietta Havens. Miss
1-p.ura Sanborn, Miss Jane Crellin. Miss Elsie
Pptrry. Miss Bessie Palmer, MUs Ethel Valen
tine. Miss Kvclyn Hussey, Mlsa Muriel Steele,
Miss Jacqueline Moore, Miss Marlon Smith,
Miss Marlon Goodfellow. Miss Noello do Golla.
Miss Gertrude Allen. Miss May Burdge and
Ray Wollman.
A few friends of Mrs. Lucie May Hayes en-
Jpyed one of the delightfully informal UttTe
bungalow teas" to-day that she has a pretty
fashion of gtvlngonce Inia while.
The guest of honor this afternoon was Miss
Constance de Young, the young San Francisco
debutante.' and most 'of the other guests were
also from across the bay.
The "bungalow," that charming little "den"
that was Mrs. Hayeks 1 own happy thought and
which has been the scene of many merry gath
erings, was a bower of violets to-day, while In
the house yellow Jonquiis and daffodils had
their sweet way.
To-day was Ebell's regular closing recep
tion day of the month. Mrs. C. W. Klnsey.
who Is general curator, was the presiding
hostess, and her receiving 1 party included the
members of the board and the curators of the
various sections. Vice President Mrs. J. 11.
Hume Is presiding officer during the absence
of Miss Gray.
In addition to Dr. Bade's delightful lecture
there were two musical numbers that were
much enjoyed. Mrs. R. C. Brooks sang: "The
Christmas Carol of the Birds," by Chaminade.
and "Spring." from "Songs of the Wren," by
Sullivan. Mrs. Earnest Lachman, who plays
well, gave the second number, Reeling's "Lor
elei," and In response to an appreciative en
core played a scherzo by Bolinger, a San
Francisco composer.
Mrs. Kinsey's assistants to-day were: Mrs.
J. B. Hume, Silas Jennie Huff. Mrs. E. P.
Vandercook. Mrs. T. H. Gaytes. Mrs. Z T.
Gllpln, Mrs. T. C. Coojran, Mrs. George M
Shaw. Miss M. R. Babeon. Mrs. M. S. Phe
lan. Miss Ami Jones, Mrs. L. • F. Cockrort,
Mrs. W. A. Childs. Mrs. A. W. Klrkland,
Mrs. O. C. Gowlng, Mrs. Milton Bulkley, Mrs.
E. F. Welhe. Miss Ella Hullock. Mrs. S C.
Borland. Mr«. M. B. Benton. Mrs. M. de L
Ha<>-y, Mrs. M. F. Jordan. Miss Grace Bur
reli, Mrs. D. B. Hunter. Mrs. Gordon Stolp,
Mrs. J R. Scupham. Mrs. D. W. Gelvflcks.
M ,m'. *• B ,i Ojtfwv Mrt. S. B. Chubbock. Mrs.
W lliam Booley, Mrs. Franklin Bangs, Mrs.
Gilbert Curtis*, Mrs. J. W. McClymonds; as
sisted by Miss A. M. Hambley. Mrs. M. C.
Chapman. Mrs. Elizabeth Yorker, Mrs. F. P.
Cutting. Mrs. O. G. Canning. Mrs. Gilbert
Belcher and Mme. Lefevre Hopoe.
OAKLAND, Jan. 26.— Through; the cour
tesy of Dr. William Frederick Bjde the ladl.ee
of Ebell and their jruests were "enabled to en-
Joy a most delightful hour "With the Birds" —
that being the title of one ' of' the most Inter
esting lectures that it has been the .good' for
tune of those present to hear.. In. a -general
way and in language at ence. beautiful, ami
concise Dr._ Bade gave his "audience a most
interesting 'insight into the life of birds,. their
economic value and their emotional and
esthetic aspect. He avers that the bird . Is
above all other animals in its resemblance
to man In family relations and emotions, and
gave several entertaining anecdotes to prove,
his assertion.
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
EVENTS IN. SOCIETY
TWO BOYS WHO ESCAPED FROM
JAIL AT NILES AND 'WERE
RECAPTURED IN FRUITVALE.
Scripture nn<3 prayr: chorus. "How Lovely
At* . the Met-sencerj!." choir of the First
Ohrii»tlan Church; addrese, '"The Sunday
rchool Field," Charles R. Fisher; quartet,
•'Christian, the Morn Break* Sweetly O'er
The*" — Mi?s Edna Ritter, *oj:>ranr>; Miss
Bertha- Marvin, contralto: Dr. O. s*. Dean,
tenor; Wallace Merwin. hasso; offering for
t'unday-ivhool tvork; offertory, W. W. Ca
ruth". eddreff. "The Children of the King
dom," Rev. Georee w '. White. D.D.
At the conclusion of the afternoon
session the ladies of the church served
supper in the parlors, and an a.ddress
was delivered by the Rev. H. H. Bell,
president of the Northern California
Sunday -school Association, on "Sun
day-school Evangelization."
The evening services were conducted
by Dr. O. S. Dean. After a short praise
service .the following programme was
rendered :
OAKLAND, Jan. 26.— The Sunday
school Teachers' Institute, the first of
the twelve to be held at different points
in Alameda County during the year,
opened at 2:30 o'clock this afternoon at
the First Methodist Church under the
direction of President J. N. Halliday of
the State Sunday-school Association.
During the afternoon session ad
dresses were delivered by President J.
N. Halliday. C. K. Fisher. Professor C.
S. Xash of Berkeley, Rev. Charles li.
Brown, Professor Lorenzo D. Inskeep
and Mrs. Theodore Ha'geman. A round
table was conducted by the Rev. M.
Slaughter. .
Teac-hers of Alameda County Hold
First Institute of Twelve Con
templated.
SUNDAY-SCHOOL It ALIA*
AT METHODIST CHURCH
The lathers of Oakland and San
Francisco -ha.ve -agreed -to form a dis
trict council, with jurisdiction over
Oakland*, Sari Francisco and vicinity,
and it is expected that by February 5
the organization will, be perfected.;
The mijk wagon, drivers have de
cided to r affiliate with the Provision
Trades Council and .will do so as soon
as the Central Labor Council can per
fect the arrangements fox the change.
: The -following; committees been
appointed to ' perfect arrangements for
the butchers' ball, to .be held in Ger
mania. Hall on the riigh^ of February 3:
Arrangements— H. Behennann. T E Mc-
Govern C F. Scheithe, K. M. McQuald. \\ .
Short, W. Greenfield. T. Ford and K. M. Ar
thur; reception— W. Retting, George Felt. H.
Rouch, B. Bartell. H. Bell. H. Quand A.
Thomas. \V. WestDhal. J. Mesahlou. R. Mil
ler and D. Coakley: analstants— Otto D*htl,
Geore* Lammon and J. Richardson; floor com
ml'tee — J. Westphal, Thomas Clifford. E. Lap
ham. R. McDonald, H. Bray. H. Howard and
Charles Kroner.
;'" OAKLAND) Jan. 26.*— The following
delegates have been seated by the Ala
meda Central Labor. Council:
From thif Boot and Shoe .Mailers' Union.
\V. H. F. fl'o'.kfr; from thi» Barbers l.nion.
: G K. Smith and \V. W. Butler; from the Iron.
Steel and .Tin Workers' Union, H. Jvp:.-** 0 ™
the Flour and Cereal Mill Workers' Lnton. L.
Refchert. ' ': '¦'':
leathers of Oakland and San Fran
cisco Prepare to Organize a Dis
trict-Council.
NEW DELEGATES TO CENTRAL
LABOR COUNCIL ARE SEATED
Without losing presence of mind, the
women grabbed blankets and gave bat
tle to the fire, smothering the flames
and at last extinguishing the blazing
fluid.
A still alarm called out nearby fire
department apparatus, but the women
flre fighters had done their work so
well that - the firemen found nothing
for them to do. The damage was
slight. Fire Wcrden George McDonald
said the women's prompt and vigorous
handling of the flre undoubtedly saved
their home from destruction.
With peril to themselves, Mrs. E. L.
Muller and Miss Florence Muller,, moth
er and daughter, fought a flre and
saved their residence, 962 Seventh ave
nue, from destruction last-night. The
women were burned on the hands, the
injuries being painful. but, fortunately,
not serious.
The accidental overturning of a coal
oil stove caused the fire. Flaming oil
ran over the room and was attacking
the woodwork when Mrs. Muller and
her daughter were warned of their dan
ger.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Jan. 26.
These statements are official and are
from officers of the companies inter
ested.
The application for a franchise along
the eastern bank of Lake Merritt and
connecting with the main line of the
Twelfth street system at the dam is ex
plained by the officers of the company
as merely an effort to secure a new out
let for the Fourth avenue line. This at
present connects with the Fifth avenue
system at East Eighteenth street. It
is now to be run over a private right
of way to connect with the main
Ttvelfth street system at about First
avenue and the eastern end of the Lake
Merritt dam. No work will be done
upon this until next spring, when all of
the East Oakland lines will be recon
structed.
The lines are admittedly in bad con
dition, but will only be kept up until
next spring, when probably they will
be changed to a gauge that will har
monize with that of the newer portions
of the system.
Aside from these two pieces of work
nothing definite has been decided upon
by either company, and nothing will be
begun until the winter rains are over.
The Oakland Transit Company will
be compelled to pay some attention to
its East Oakland and crosstown Oak
land lines very shortly. These lines are
all narrow gauge, and the company
docs not wish to spend »ny money for
permanent repairs until the tracks have
be*»n made broad gauge.
GAUGE WILL BE CHANGED.
The Piedmont extension of the Key
Route system will be completed at
once. The road is built nearly to
Broadway, and it is now only neces
sary to make the connection between
Broadway and Piedmont avenue. There
is a considerable hill at this point, and
the original plans of the company were
to mount the hill on a regular street.
Surveys show that though this would
not be impossible, it would be difficult,
and so a private right of way was pur
chased, it being the intention to put
the road through on a level with the
aid of a tunnel. It is now said that the
tunnel plan has been abandoned and
that a deep cut will be made. As soon
as the method by which this hill will
be overcome is definitely settled work
will be begun on the Piedmont connec
tion.
The first work that will be done is
the extension along University avenue
in Berkeley to the water front. Work
upon this extension will be commenced
in a week or two.
PIEDMONT EXTENSION.
There are only two pieces of woilc
that the Oakland Transit Company nnd
the Key Route system have definitely
settled upon and which will be carried
out at once. The first is the building of
an extension of the tJniversity avenue
system in Berkeley from the 4 present
terminus at San Pablo avenue to the
water front along University avenue,
and the other piece of work is the con
necting up of the Fortieth street line
from its present terminus a little east
of Telegraph avenue with the Piedmont
line.
There have been many rumors re
garding the intentions of these two
companies, which are controlled by the
same men and the same officials, but
the facts are that until the winter is
over there will be very little new con
struction on anv of these lines.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call
. 1118 Broadway. Jan. 26.
arid Steady Use of Blankets
Stove. Upsets and Spreading
Blaze Is Smothered bv Cool
The youths will only admit that they
beat their way from Nev.- York to Cal
ifornia, but the impression of the police
Is that they have been swindling and
committing burglaries en route.
An additional felony charge of break
ing Jail will be placed against the
prisoners.
The two young fellows managed to
hide a caseknife last night when they
were served with dinner and with that
they cut out the lock of the jail door,
which was fastened on wood, and es
caped.
They started for Oakland and landed
in Fruitvale this morning. In the
meantime Constable Broderick of Nilos
had telephoned to the Oakland police
and Officers Andrews and Thompson
arrested the escaped burglars In Fruit
vale. They admitted their identity and
will be turned over to Constable Brod
erick. . ,
When James and Williams were ar
rested they had several kinds of swind
ling devices upon therru They "had a
lot of skeleton keys, keys for slot ma
chines and some Confederate paper
money and Civil War 10-cent paper
money, folded so that only the "10"
showed.
The burglars who held the Niles
prison in such light esteem are Pearl
James and David Williams, youths who
say they came recently from the East
and Who, from articles found in their
possession, had evidently started out
deliberately on a career of crime.
One night last week James and Wil
liams entered the store of Jackson &
Easterby at Niles and took everything
that they could \ find, including some
Jewelry and about $15 in money that
they got from some slot machines.
They then beat their way to Pleasan
ton, where they were arrested by Con
stable Locke and sent back to Niles.
OAKLAND, Jan. 26. — There was a
jailbreak.at Niles last night. Two
prisoners charged with burglary es
caped, but they were recaptured at
Fruitvale and will : be sent back. The
Niles constable thinks that by nallins
up the door of the calaboose and tying
a dog in front of it as an extra precau
tion he can hold the prisoners until
they, are given a preliminary hearing.
University Avenue System "Will
Be Carried From San Pablo
Avenue to the Water Front
It was decided at a meeting of the
Beard "cf Education to-tfiight to aban
don the .idea of calling a school bond
election separate and distinct from the
proposed municipal bond election, and
to Join the interest of the* schools with
that of the city in general.
For several months the board has
been workinc with the idea, of calling
an election to vote bonds foe 5950,000
for school improvement uncier what is
known as the district plan. "UJnder this
plan certain sections outsidd the city
limits* could be included.
The reason for the change of front in
the position of the Board of Education.
it avas explained during the discussion
of tlie question to-night, was the elim
ination of the water question from the
proposed municipal bond eletsUon.
Another argument used in ;favor of
joining Issues with the Council was the
fact that it would have been the first
a«emp.t to call an election under the
district plan in the State and. it was
Questionable whether the bonds could
be "disposed of until the Supreme Court
had passed upon them.
After a thorough discussion ¦ of the
subject, the board instructed fits com
mittee* to meet the, special; com
mittee of the City Council to-morrow
nighf. with power to Join the issues
providing that the election be not de
layed and that Sl.or.0.000 for school pur
poses be included in the call for it.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broajiway. Jan. 26.
Fear That the Independent Se
curities AVouId Not Sell Is
the Cause of the Change
EXTENSION IS PROMISED
ASKS NEARLY A MILLION
BOTH SUFFER FROM BURNS
'-¦-.,' ¦- % ¦ . .. ¦
Pearl James and , David ¦Williams, Arrested for Burglary,
• Cut Lock Off Constable Broderick's Strong *Box With
a Caseknife and Flee, but Are Retaken at .Fruitvale
Plans for the Rainy Season
of Oakland Transit Com
pany and Key Route Are Few
Mother and Daughter Save a
Home From Destruction by
Heroic Battle "With-' Fire
Decides to Unite With the
City Council in Issuance of
Bonds for New Buildings
SCHOOL BOARD
ABANDONS PLAN
WOMEN FIGHT
FLAMING OIL
ROADS OUTLINE
WINTER'S WORK
YOUTHFUL CRIMINALS WHITTLE THEIR
WAY OUT OF THE NILES CALABOOSE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 27, 1904.
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
6
OAKIoAXI*.
1118 Broadway.
Telephone 31a 3 n IOCS.
BERKELEY.
21 IS Center Street.
Telephone North 77.
ALAMEDA.
1J35 Park Street.
Telephone Eagle 502.
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
ORDER F-OR THE
GREAT TWENTIETH CENTURY COOK BOOK
Mall This Order to The San rranclico Call With 75c.
The San Francisco Call," ' y'
San Francisco, Cal.: .£>* ; V A^ . '* ).
Inclosed herewith please find 75c, for \yhich send me one
copy of The Call's Great 'Twentieth Century Coek Book. (Fifty s
Cents is The Call's Premium rate to all its six-month subscrib- I
ers to the daily and Sunday paper, and the additional i^c : is'
AMUSEMENTS.
iiiaililfiatfir.Mii
TWiaSDiY, JANU.CRY 28,
German Performance.
Tha Alameda Lustspie! Ensemble
Presenting Blumenthal & Kadelburs's Comedy,
"ALS IGH WIEDERKAM."
Sequel to "IS WKIS3EN ROESSli"
¦With the same complete cast an<1 acces-
sories that achlevfd such a remarkable »ue-
cesi at the Columbia Theater, S. F.. on Sun-
day evenlns last.
Price*— *1. "3c. 3MV ana 25c. City parties may
take 7:30 p. m. narrow-gauge boat, train •too-
plD£ In front of theaterSamuel Marks, secretary of the Pa
cific Mutual Life Insurance Company,
from which Soeder obtained the acci
dent and life insurance policies on the
life of Blaise, testified as to the pro
ceedings leading up to the issuance of
the policies.
Marks said that Blaise made applica
tion for an accident policy for $3000,
making Leon Soeder the beneficiary.
Soeder was put down as the brother
in-law of Blaise. Soeder made a simi
lar application for a like policy, with
Joseph Blaise as the beneficiary. Marks
had 1 no means of telling that the ap
plication for the policies was made by
Blaise, but believed it merely on the
word of Soeder, who acted as spokes
man. Blaise, he said, was not present
at the time the policies were asked for
by Soeder, but was waiting in an ad
joining room. Marks did not know
whether Blaise was cognizant of the
fact that Soeder was to be the bene-
beard on his face and looked worn. He
tried to assume an unconcerned air and
glanced at the various witnesses he
knew prior to his incarceration In the
City Prison. He took a seat between
his attorneys and listened intently to
the testimony of the witnesses.
During the hearing Soeder, who was
sitting right in front of the two girls
who came with him from Germany on
the steamer La Touraine, glanced
around at them several times, hoping,
it seemed, to get a nod of recognition
from them, but they looked over his
head.
XEIBLAS' POOR MEMORY.
Joseph Neiblas, Soeder's and Blaise's
former landlord, was placed on the
stand. Neiblas gave a broken account
of his knowledge and had a discon
nected memory of the true facts of the
case. He would talk for a few minutes
and then lapse into a comatose state
and appear to be in dreamland. It was
with great difficulty that Coroner Le
land was able to get an intelligent an
swer from him. First he would deny
that >.e knew anything about what he
was being asked, and a moment later,
by some deft questioning. Dr. Leland
would compel him to admit the very
fact that he had but a moment before
denied knowledge of.
His testimony was merely a repeti
tion of what has already been pub
lished. He had not seen the dead man
alive after 11 o'clock on Sunday morn
ing, January 10. He ! egan to relate
his suspicions of Soeder, and said that
individual had impressed him as acting
very mysteriously the last week before
Blaise was murdered. He was forced
to admit that he had never thought
anything wrong of Soeder"^ actions un
til he looked back over the occurrences
after Soeder had been arrested for the
murder.
That oortion of Neiblas' testimony
which was intelligible was as follows:
"At 6:30 on the morning that the body
of Blaise was discovered, Soeder came
to our room and said he feared that
Blaise had lost his way or had been
robbed, as he had not come home all
night. He said Blaise had considerable
money on his person. I was in bed
when he came to the room and did not
see his face. I heard him leave the
house a few minutes later and he did
not return until 12 o'clock at noon. In
the meantime the newspaper men and
the detectives had called and told me
that Blaise was dead. I told Soeder
that Blaise was dead and he said,
'Go on, great God.* I told him that the
detectives had left word for him to
call at the office of the'fchief of Police.
He went out again and did not come
back until .3 o'clock. I asked him if he
had seen the spot where Blaise was
murdered and he replied that he had
seen it several times.
"His manner was unconcerned. He
went into his room and sat at the table
writing a letter. When he had finished
he left the house, saying he was going
to the Mission to 6ee some friends, and
told me that if any one called to
say he would return at 7 o'clock. He
was back at 7 o'clock and stayed but a
minute. After he had gone Detective
GiJtson came to the house and told us
that Soeder was suspected of having
been the murderer of Blaise."
Neiblas told of the propositions Soeder
had made to him to go to the house of
Miss Flatley and attempt to regain the
jewels Soeder had given her. He then
began a recitation of his sleuthlike
work in discovering the broken" gera
nium bush and footprints, but the Cor
oner could not see the importance of
his talk and dismissed him, and called
Mrs. Neiblas to the stand.
Mrs. Neiblas' testimony was in the
main a corroboration of her husband's.
She seemed dazed and talked discon
nectedly. She said she had seen the two
men, Soeder and Blaise, when they
went out to dinner. "It was about 4:40
o'clock," she said, "because I had Just
lighted the lamps, and it has been my
custom of late, when the days have
been short, to light the lamps about
that time. A few minutes after they
had gone the clock struck 5."
Charles S. Vose, Dennis Collins and
Bernard Boland, Union street carmen,
were placed on the stand to tell about
the excited German they saw at 8:20
o'clock on the night of the murder.
Coroner Leland could not see the im
portance of their testimony in the case
and dismissed them as unimportant
witnesses. None of them could identify
Soeder or the picture of Blaise. They
had merely reached the conclusion that
the man they directed to Jackson street
was possibly Blaise, because he was a
German and excited. Collins said the
man they saw had a week's growth ot
beard on his face, while the dead man's
face was almost absolutely clean. He
said he did not think the man , was
Blaise. Vose testified that he had no
ticed the man merely because his boss,
Collins, had thought the circumstance
peculiar. Their testimony was useless,
as Blaise was dead, as has been shown
by medical testimony, at the time that
they saw the German.
BLAISE'S LAST MEAL.
Maria Vallarta, who with her sister
conducts the Original Mexican restau
rant at 721 Broadway, was next placed
on the stand. She was the. one who last
saw 'Blaise alive, as he left her restau
rant in company with Soeder- an hour
or so before the murder took place. The
woman had previously stated 1 to Detec
tive Gibson that Soeder and Blaise left
the restaurant at 7:30 o'clock. At the
inquest she changed this to 6 or 6:15
o'clock. Detective Gibson says he be
lieves she has been Influenced by
friends of Soeder. He argues that her
sister was formerly a habitue of the
tenderloin, and she may have been
warned to change her testimony by
some of Soeder's friends in that quarter
of the city. -
The witness said Soeder and Blaise
came into the restaurant while it was
yet light on the Sunday night that
Blaise was murdered, and she fixed the
time at 5:30 o'clock, She told . of the
foods they, had eaten, and said that the
two left the restaurant together at 6 or
6:15 o'clock.
If # Miss Vallarta ia ¦ right in her
estimation of the time, Blaise met, his
death between 7:30 and 8 o'clock on that
fatal Sunday night.
Denies That Misrepresentation Was
Made or Undue Influence
Used by Him.
Hermann belrichs appeared before
Court Commissioner Hosmer yester
day to tell tvhat he knew regarding
the settlement made between the rel
atives of the late Charles L. Fa'r and
Mrs. Hannah Nelson and other rela
tives of the late Mrs. Fair. *s
The questions were all on the line
of directf examination and in answer
to them the witness said that the
compromise first suggested to him
by Joseph Harvey. He denied having
made any misrepresentations and said
that there was no attempt at conceal
ment or fraud. He also denied ever
having said that a child of Mr. and
Mrs. Fair would be brought into the
case.
* '¦ : !•
bias. He spent last night in prepar
ing the evidence with the attorney
who will appear for the prosecution
this afternoon in Judge Cabaniss'
court.
BROTHER-IN-LAW AND SUSPECTED MURDERER OF JOSEPH BLAISE, HIS ATTORNEY AND SOME OF THE
PRINCIPAL WITNESSES THAT TESTIFIED AT THE INQUEST HELD OVER THE REMAINS BY CORO
NER LELAND YESTERDAY.
HERMANN OEL.RICHS TEIXS
OF THE FAIR COMPROMISE
Canners and others concerned In
handling large quantities of asparagus
are much disturbed because of a re
port that the asparagus pest known
as rust has so ravaged the roots of
the asparagus in large fields in Cali
fornia that there will be a great short
age during the coming .'season. Cer
tain wholesale houses arc reported' to
have refused to take any orders for
delivery except with an "if," the un
certainty being relative to their ability
to secure the goods. , The rust was
known in certain localities last year
in this State. In past years it has al
most entirely destroyed the asparagus
crop in large sections in the Eastern
States. The pest has been so bad that
where it appeared the roots of the
asparagus were badly affected by the
secc-nd year. In some instances in the
East the plants have been entirely ex
terminated. *
Quarantine Officer Craw said last
evening that a strong attempt was
made to keep out the roots and seeds
of asparagus from abroad. The grow
ers had been forbidden to import either
seeds or roots, but the direction had
probably been evaded in some in
stances. «The rust was a serious men
ace In the Eastern States not long ago
and seeds may have been brought into
California from 'the East. Mr. Craw
said that it was probably too early in
the season to ascertain what effect the
rust was having in California. The pest
has diminished in the Eastern States
and conditions for asparagus growers
there are better than they were a few
years a so.
The asparagus business of California
has assumed large proportions in the
last two or three years. Hundreds of
cars laden with the vegetable have
been sent East since the trade abroad
was started. For a time rust did not
appear in California. The troubles of
Eastern agriculturists served to deter
them from engaging In asparagus cul
ture on their former large scale. This
naturally led to the extension of the
California market. In the southern
part c-f the State and in the islands in
the Sacramento and San Joaquin rivers
many thousands of dollars have been
Invested in asparagus farms. The an
nual receipts have been very large and
included a handsome margin of profits.
Mr, Craw's statement that it is too
early to tell what effect the rust has
had upon the asparagus plants that are
just about sprouting will probably tend
to have a conservative effect upon the
persons that are engaged in the busi
ness.
Craw Saj-s That It Is Too
Early to Estimate Damage
Done by the Vegetable Pest
ORDEBS ARE CONTINGENT
Detective on Case Tries to Have It Put Over Until After the
Preliminary Hearing, but Several Leading Witnesses Are
Examined Without Any Startling Facts Being Elicited
Canners and Others That
Handle Crop Disturbed by Re
port of Threatened Shortage
ficiary in the policies applied for.
The witness told of the application
of the two men for a policy of $10,000.
in which .Mrs. Blaise was to be made
beneficiary. Marks said Soeder had
first sent a note to the company's of
fice, asking that a man be sent to the
house at S27 Jackson street, or that
literature on the subject of life insur
ance be sent him. This, he said, was
an uncommon thing In the life insur
ance business, as the bulk of the poli
cies were secured by strenuous solici
tation.
J. W. Fowler, the agent who wrote
the accident policies for Soeder and
Blaise, was not present at the inquest.
Edward H. Osborne, the agent who
wrote the $2000 policy on the life of
Blaise, testified as follows: "Air. Fow
ler told me that Soeder and*Blaise, for
whom he had issued accident policies,
desired some life insurance. I went
to the rooms and found Soeder and
Blaise there. I asked them whether
they wanted a $1000 or a $2000 policy.
Soeder spoke . up and said that they
wanted a $10,000 policy. On learning
they were cooks I thought the request
for a $10,000 policy was going beyond
their means. But when I asked for
a deposit 'Sseder produced a roll of
greenbacks and my apprehension was
allayed. This was on the morning of
December 22. Soeder had previously
sent a letter to the office, asking that
some one call, as he wanted some life
insurance. This looked like an easy
way of getting the privilege of writing
a policy, and Fowler and I went to
gether.
ALLOWED ONLY $3000.
"When Soeder said that he wanted a
510,000 policy, I immediately asked for
a deposit. In response to his query as
to whether I wanted $50 or $100. I re
plied that $50 would be sufficient to
bind the contract. I told him that the
annual premium on a $10,000 poticy
would be $342, and he said that made
no difference. He told me at the time
that he had a policy in the New York
Life Company. The examining doctor
for the company was -with me, and
Blaise was found to be in good physical
condition. i
The application was sent to the home
office of the company and was returned
with a refusal to- assume the respon
sibility of $10,000 on a man's life who
had no other income than that derived
from his occupation as a cook. All that
they wc-uld allow on Blaise's life was
$3000. A policy for this amount was
issued to Soeder, and our dealings with
him were closed. The premium on the
$3000 policy was $102 60."
John M. Kilgarif, agent of the Pa
cific Mutual Life Insurance Company,
who received the payment for the poli
cies issued by the company to Soeder
and Blaise, was not present, so the
Cc-roner could not ascertain whether
Soeder or Blaise paid for the policies,
but it is known that Soeder paid for
them, as . he did for everything that
Blaise purchased.
The assistant medical director for the
Pacific Mutual Life Insurance Company
testified to examining Blaise and stated
that it was not on account of any
physical disability that the full $10,000
policy was refused him.
Dr. A. C. Bothe. city chemist, was
the last witness. He repeated his re
port, fixing the hour of death of Blaise.
He said: "I examined the contents of
the dead man's stomach, which were
given to me by Autopsy Surgeon Baci
galupi. There were no poisons present.
Not more than an hour and a half or
two hours at the utmost could have
elapsed between the time of the eating
of the food and the subsequent arrest
of digestion."
Detective Thomas Gibson was not
called on to testify, but was subpe
naed to dictate to Coroner Leland the
order in which the various witnesses
should be summoned.
Gibson is still working on the case
and claims to have some new wit
nesses that will testify to Blaise's ut
ter ignorance of the fact that his
brother-in-law, Soeder, was .made a
beneficiary in any of the policies
which were taken out on his life. Gib
son says that Blaise believed at the
time the applications were made for
policies that his wife in Germany was
to be the beneficiary.
Gibson also claims to have located
the man who took Soeder's gray suit
to the cleaning establishment. He will
will not say whether that man i3 Nei-
The Coroner's inquest into the death
of Joseph Blaise, who was murdered on
the night of January 10, was begun
yesterday morning. Several witnesses
were examined, but little headway was
made, owing to the length of time taken
up by gome of the witnesses and the
absence of others.* The inquest began
at 10:30 o'clock and was continued un
til 1 o'clock, when It was adjourned to
a.n indefinite date, dependent upon the
length of the preliminary hearing of
Leon Soeder, accused of the murder,
¦which begins in Judge Cabaniss' court
this afternoon at 2 o'clock.
The inquest was begun despite the
protests of Detective Gibson, who has
bad the murder case in Hand. Gibson
was wroth yesterday when subpenaed
to appear before the Coroner's jury.
He claimed that he was not ready to
tell what he knew of the case, not hav
ing- yet completed the gathering of evi
dence from the various witnesses lie
has discovered.
Gibson says he went to Coroner Le
land in the morning and asked him to
defer the inquest until after the pre
liminary hearing in the Police Court.
His excuse was that he had not yet
completed his chain of evidence and
had discovered several new witnesses
from whom he had to secure valuable
testimony before the hearing in the
Police Court. He says he will be kept
busy getting- his case into shape to
present at the preliminary hearing. Le
land, he asserts, refused his request
and said that the inquest must go on.
OVERLOOKED BY POLICE.
Coroner Leland said that he had
Boupht to confer with the police on
several occasions and his appeals to
Captain of Detectives Martin to set a
date for the inquest had been wasted
en deaf ears. "I felt," said Leland,
"that it was only proper that the in
c.u**Ft be held before the preliminary
hearing. There is no fixed rule in t^
eard to this, but it is an unwritten rule
that has been observed t>y the various
Coroners who have held this office."
Two of the jurors, Charles Hoover
end \V. J. McCreery. were unable to be
j-resent. so the inquest was begun be
lore seven jurors.
William Hogan, a millhand. residing
at 1112'i Vallejo street, was the first
witness called. Hogan testified to the
finding of the body on the morning of
January 11. lie said he was going to
w-<rk on the mornirtg mentioned tit
*bout 8:30 o'clock. Oh reaching the
corner of Vallejo and Taylor streets
he noticed a man lying half way down
the block on the Taylor street cut
through Russian Hill. "I went down
t*. where he was lying," said Hogan,
"and kicked him. thinking that he was
drunk. When I kicked the man in the
lops the whole body shook. Seeing that
The man was evidently dead I notified
Serjeant Christianson. who lives but
half a block away. The sergeant ex
nmincd the body and concluded when
he saw the cut in the neck that the
man had been murdered. There was 30
blood scattered around and what blood
we saw had sunk into the earth be
neath the cut on the man's neck. I
noticed no signs of a struggle in the
vicinity where Blaire's body lay."
NO SIGN" OF STRUGGLE.
Hosan thought the dead body was
lying three and a half feet from the
stone wall when found, but his esti
mate of the distance was not in accord
ance with that of Detective Armstrong.
Detective Armstrong testified that he
was detailed on the case the morning
the dead body of Blaise was discov
ered. He said "I found Blaise's body
lying with the head toward the wall
?nd the feet toward the east. It was
about two feet from the wall by accu
rate measurement. There was a pool
of blood on the ground beneath the
neck, which had a gaping wound in it.
From the appearance of the wound JI
uurmiped that the unfortunate man had
been stabbed. I searched for a knife
or other weapon, but found none.
There was no evidence of a struggle,
nn cuts on the hands, only the wound
en the neck and a laceration of the
*ralp. The trousers pockets were
turned inside out and were quite stiff,
leading me to infer that the body had
been lying there some time, probably
all night, as the clothes had absorbed
th* 1 dew and were stiff." '
At this juncture Soeder, who had not
yet appeared, arrived in the room, es
corted by Detectives Coleman and
Eilva. He had several days' growth of
CORONER LELAND BEGINS AN INQUIRY INTO THE CAUSE OF THE DEATH
OF JOSEPH BLAISE, WHOSE BODY WAS FOUND AT BASE OF RUSSIAN HILL
RUST DAMAGES
THE ASPARAGUS
THE SAN" FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 27, 1904.
7
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A CONVERSATION' WITH A CLIMAX
Wlien a Professional Man Talks It's
to the Point.
Several famous American physicians
and surgeons were recently dining to-
pether after a session of a national
meeting held In New York.
•'I had a remarkable case this win-
ter," remarked a surgeon present,
¦whose name as a specialist in rectal
diseases is world wide. "My patient was
a woman, a delicate, nerve-racked crea-
ture, who had suffered so fearfully from
the ravages of hemorrhoids that the
knife seemed the only solution of the
trouble, and yet her heart was weak
and her strength so wasted by this
fearful disease that we dared not op-
erate.
"I had ceased my visits to her for a
time and had given up all hope, when
on* morning she entered my office look-
ing like a new v.oman; the pallor had
disappeared and the lines of suffering
wen? nearly eradicated from her face.
Shp told me she had bought at a drug
store for 50 cents a proprietary medi-
cine in suppository, form called Pyra-
mid Pile Cure, and had obtained instant
relief from the first insertion. I made
an examination and found the rectum
in excellent condition, the inflammation
entirely disappeared and the swollen
veins in normal condition.
"I "was so interested in the case that
I had the remedy analyzed carefully,
and was so »">leased with the result of
the analysis, finding a combination of
the most healing and scientific reme-
dies present in the Pyramid Pile Cure
and in a more convenient form than\I
could secure them otherwfce, that I
wrote to the Pyramid Drug Company
at Marshall. Mich., asking for their
booklet on Piles, their Nature, Cause
and Cure (which* by the way. is sent
free), and have since used their Pile
Cure extensively and with best results
in my practice. I do not hesitate to
recommend it to you all. It will often
«ave your patient from a painful surgi-
cal operation, which in many cases re-
sults fatally." ¦•'-;
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MUNYON'S
GREAT
SUCCESS.
HisPawPawRemeclB
In Big Demand.
DRUGGISTS BUSY
SuDDluina Their Custom-
ers With This New
Stomach Remeflu.
HUNDREDS -TESTIFY
That They Received Wonderful
Benefits From the Free
Sample Bottles.
PROF, MUNYON SAYS
Paw Paw Will Make an Oil
Stomach Almost As
GooifcsNeff.
CURES NERVOUSNESS
Scores of People Declare. Jn
Favor cf Paw Paw.
It Soothes the Nerves.
It Rests the Nerves.
It Feeds the Nerves.
It Enables One to Sleep.
It Is Nature's Own Remedy.
GREATER AND GREATER GROWS
the public interest in Prof. Munyon's
new Paw Paw cure. Druggists gay
they never had such a demand for a new
remedy. Many people who received a
free sample bottle B&y they began to feel
better after taking the first dose. It not
only acts as a tonic, but gives the stom-
ach an abiding strength to digest every-
thing that is put into it. People who
have been unable to retain any solids on
their stomachs now declare that they
can eat a hearty meal without any dis-
comfort. The most marvelous effect of
this Paw Paw remedy is its wonderful
curative effects on the nerves. It seems
to soothe, calm and strengthen them.
Prof. Aluhyon says that this Paw Paw
remedy feeds the nerves and relieves
them of all irritation and friction. It
isn't a narcotic, to put them to sleep, but
a remedy that will give them a lasting
strength.
"I don't believe." says Prof. Munyon.
"that a better remedy f»r the blood and
liver was ever compounded. I have seen
sluggish livers that had refused to act
under the usual treatments respond in a
most marvelous wey by the use of Paw
Paw.
"Paw Paw seems to digest everythlnjc
it touches, hence It makes good, rich
blood, which in turn strengthens and
vitalizes the whole nervous system.
"I want all persons who suffer with
dyspepsia ' or nervous trouble to cast
j away all other remedies and *ive Paw
Paw a fair trial. I want every weak and
debilitated person to get a bottle of Paw
Paw at once and take it according to di-
rections.
"I know it will make old folks feel
young, ar.d weak folks feel strong.
; "I want ' every person who feels In
! need of a tonic to drop the use of alco-
! holic drinks of all kinds and take Paw
I Paw in its place. People don't crave for
I stimulants when the stomach and nerves
are in a healthful condition. Munyon's
Paw Paw gives exhilaration without in-
toxication.
"Alcoholic stimulants lift, but let you
fall.
"Paw Paw lifts and holds you."
Every druggist sells it or can obtain
it for you. Price $1 per large bottle.
Paw_Paw Laxative Pills, 25c a bottle.
HOME FOR OLD PEOPLE
This borne for the aged, conducted toy th«
Sisters of Mercy, is situated at Saa IHaco.
CaL. on University Heights, overloiktaff t.1»
ocean. The climate Is considered lb« flaest la
the world free from extremes of heat or cold.
Axed couples are also received. Th« charges
(or a home for ]lf* vary from CtSOO UDward.
according to a*e and requirements. For further
Information apply to Stater Suoertor St. Jo-
seph's Sanitarium. Sao Dlejo. CaL
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. 1NVIGQKA-
tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiao and SpeeUl
Tcnlc for the Sexual Orraas. for joth sexes.
The Mexican Remedies for Diseases of th»
Kidneys and Bladder. Sells on Its own marlta>
NAEER. ALFS ft BKUNE. Arent*.
S23 Market St.. S. F. — (Send for Circulars).
I DR.PIERCES
<G<Q)fLH2>EK
MEDICAi: -.j.
*¦ FOR THE
1 BLOOD,LIVER.LUNGS>
"DDTTOTJ17O tor barbers, ba-
OriUoXlEiO '*•"• bootbUckj. t>ath-
houses, billiard tables.
brewers, bookbinders, candy maker*, canners.
dyers, Coar mills, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories,
utablemen. tar-roofer*, tanners, tailors, ste.
BUCXAVAS BKOS..
Brash Mannf actor en, 609 Sacramento St.
ASTHMANOLA
Is the only cure for Nervoas and
Bronchial ASTHMA.
Tour Drusstst or at 6US HA1GHT ST..
San Francisco, CaL
tScAoo/s and Co//cyes.
I S I HD I Ipfc ill
LEADING BUSIXES3 COLLEGE OF THJ5
WEST. 24 Post at.. San Francisco, Cat.
Established 40 years. Open entire year.
I . Write for Illustrated eatalojro* u< ¦¦¦¦ .
DOAN'S KIDNEY FILLS.
>®©«©©®a©©©»©©«©OQe«©©«©o*«e©©o©«»«©e©o«©©<?eeooa©o©ooo©OQeeooooe*o
iM 0 111 C II b 0O6S
I J( | oes seem iat women avc morc a fair share of the
-^^^^^^^^¦"^^HM aches and pains that affect humanity; they must "keep up,"
Jdti$E&gr JOfo . must attend to daily duties in spite of constant aching back, of
*3r^ /i^^l headaches, dizzy spells, bearing-down pains; they must stoop
r#i>^ - over when to stoop means torture. They must walk and bend
t^gj^ *^^^^^j/l and work with racking pains and many aches from kidney ills.
.¦ Kidneys cause more suffering than any other organ of the
body. Keep the kidneys well and health is easily maintained.
Read of a remedy for kidneys only, that helps and cures the kid-
—^^ . neys and is indorsed by people you know. ; V:
, T» £ I Trial Free
San Francisco Proof To !|jj| c -"
Mrs. George Paul, wife of George Paul, employed 'with the Pacific States Tele- -Jjgj^jfcdL innsin^o^^i' I
phono and Telograph Company, residing at 5 Avery street, says: "I never used any fvfBj&iMllrZllffiMh
medicine or had a prescription filled wnich did me as much good as Doan's Kidney J5fl/ ftf Q Tl 6Y wf§$£u
Pills. If ever a woman required the use of just such a strengthening, purifying wii f Pi//e FSSsli
and cleansing a remedy for the kidneys as Doan's Kidney. Pills are, I . am that WiV*"*!^! »o cw» .*
party. When I state that I suffered the most agonizing pain in my back, that at *¦ *** W * IC ?«*•" \=«i||r
times the slightest movement increased the suffering:, that a little overexertlon or \ iMTfllFt tnOTHMraivy
a short walk always terminated in spasms .of pain, I only half state the actual mm ;
facts. The treatment of Doan's Kidney Pills acted directly on. my kidneys, stop-
ped the backache, the lansuor^and depression which attended the attacks ceased P.O.' ,,
and my general health was so Improved that In place of housework being: a dra^ «tat« — .
it was a pleasure to perform. I was to convinced of the merits of Doan's Kteiuey mmmM
Pills that I save a lady friend of mine, living in Oakland, a few. She followed up yj££i£5j?t*^&«£ta? w. t/^KwtS
the treatment and reports to me that the remedy is excellent. I cheerfully recom- 22*&!*" efflell V WT * 1 * * Aar * m "" "*•" '
mend Doan's Kidney Pills." . I— — — ¦— — — — — — — ¦We are closing out sevvral odd lots of
framed pictures at one-half the regular
prices. Sanborn. Vail £ Co, 741 liar-
Special information supplied dally to
business house* and public men by tb«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042. •
The Alameda man who wrote his own funeral ora
tion, chose his own pall-bearers, provided a feast for
them and then gave up a peaceful but eccentric life de
serves a place of honor in a temple of suspicion. The
man who can't trust his friends to" bury him with fitting
respect either; had pretty, bad friends or deserved them.
After the Wedding.— He—It cer
tainly was a pretty wedding, and
everything, was so. nicely arranged.
She — That's just what I think; and
the music was especially appropriate.
¦He — I don't remember. What did
they play?
She— "The Last Hope."— Lippincott'a
Magazine.
See the waiter.
He is divided Into three distinct types
— automatlc^jnajestic, supercilious.
Observe the captivating grace of the
automatic waiter, spreading a napkin,
proffering a bill of fare, removing imag
inary crumbs from the cloth, adjusting
platters with swift but delicate ac
curacy, needlessly indicating the salt
The Waiter.
Townsend's California ulace fruits and
candies. We a pound, in artistic Ore
etcned boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market st. above Call bids '
When he has once acquired the knack
of committing music to memory in this
way It will always remain with him,
no ir.citer how nervous and ill at ease
he .T.a;. r , be at the thought of playing
before a large company of people with
out his music. All he has to do is to
turn his mind resolutely away from
his audience — forget them entirely, if
pcssible-^end fixing his mental vision
on the picture of the music as his brain
opens It before him. he will play as eas
ily from it as he possibly could from
the actual printed sheet, without fear
of a breakdown.
In this way the pupil may memorize
the most difficult music, and In the
course | of time even the intricate har
monies of Bach's "Fugues" will not be
beyond him.
It is an excellent thing for even very
fixed in his mind he should proceed to
the next, and so on until he has the
whole piece at his command.
Says a London newspaper:
"Cases of bigamy do not, as a rule,
attract attention, but at West Ham
Police Court recently there was re
vealed a matrimonial tangle which re
quires the most cunning brain to un
ravel. Florence R. Redhead is the wife
of William Gamble Redhead. Suppos
ing him to be dead, she married rfenry
Foster. Her mother, also assuming
Redhead's decease, married Redhead's
father. When Redhead turned up he
found (1) that his father was his step
father-in-law; (2) that his mother-in
law was his stepmother; and (3) that
his wife was his stepsister (not his
half-sister)." . . -
Sojvezi'hat Mixed.
IN two great forms of .endeavor the United " States
Government is striving to add largely to the agricul
tural areas of the national domain. Each of them is
worthy of the careful attention of thinking men. On the
one hand it is proposed to reclaim vast wastes and liter
ally to "make the desert blossom as the rose" by the ap
plication of water flowing in ditches and irrigating oth
erwise dry sands. On thei other hand, the agriculturists
at the head of a national department seek to wash por
tions of other great "deserts" clear of the objectionable
substances now in the soils that are a preventive of
strong vegetation. ¦
T. P. Means of the Bureau of Soils of the United
States Department of Agriculture is conducting an agri
cultural experimental drainage farm in the Salt River
valley in Arizona. He says that 'demonstration is better
for the farmers than tons of reports and manuals, so
experiments are being* tried with various crops, includ
ing citrus fruits. Mr. Means says that some of the crops
that are common in the valley of. the; Nile ought to do
well in the Salt River valley. He believes Arizona will
yet put out a good grade of cotton, but there is the
alkali in the soil that has first to be eliminated.
"In reclaiming a piece of alkali land," says Mr. Means.
MEMORIZING AT THE PI
ANO.
THUG — Subscriber. City. Thugr. a
term applied to a criminal, 19' taken
from that name -which i3 given to men
in India, who claim Devi or Kali, the
wife of Siva, as their goddess. They
live by plunder and to obtain it they
nc-er halt at violence, even murder.
They band together in gangs mounted
on horseback, assuming the appear
ance of merchants. Some two or more
of such gangs meet as if by accident
at a given town where they ascertain
when some rich merchants are about
to Journey and either Join the party
or lay In wait for it. This being: ar
ranged, the victom is duly caught with
a lasso, plundered and strangled. Thus,
In tlje United States, a criminal who
resort to trick and violence to obtain
plunder is called a thug.
TRANSFORMING THE DESERT.
Whatever may be charged as to the
faults and foibles of the rulinfc fam
ilies of Europe, it is to be said to the'
credit of most of them that their
home life is of a high and pure order,
and that the children, of which they
have many, are not neglected or turn
ed over exclusively to the care of ser
vants.^ The ruling sovereigns of Ger
many, Russia, Sweden and Norway
are devoted husbands and fathers and
set an excellent example in these re
spects. Nicholas of Russia and Wil
liam of Germany are men of strcftig
domestic tastes and lovers of children.
The same is true of the members of
the present royal family of. England.
Queen Alexandra is devoted to small
boys and girls, and, as Princess of
Wale?, she started the fashion of en
tertaining her children's little friends
at Marlborough House. Prince Ed
ward, of Wales, his brothers 'and his
little sister are the rulers of the nurs
ery kingdom iiP England now. They
often have occasion to do the honors
of their home to their small relations
and contemporaries. — Leslie's Weekly.
Roxal Children.
POTOCKA — A. O. S., City. Tho
Countess Potocka, so the story goes,
was a rather pretty Russian peasant
girl, who attracted the attention of a
Russian family that adopted her.
When she grew up to womanhood she
eloped with Count Potocka. A Jong
account of the Countess has been pub
lished in th«» periodicals and such can
he seen in the periodical room of the
Free Public Library.
One of the strangest accidents in American railroad
ing in recent years happened a few days since at Mar
shall Pass. Purely by an accident of being two minutes
late a crowded train was not sent down a cliff two hun
dred feet to destruction. Every precedent in our rail
way management warranted the wrecking of this train,
the death of its passengers and the customary subter
fuges to evade responsibility. The railroad people will
probably censure tfie trainmen for being late.
ACCREDITED SCHOOLS — The roll
of the University of California showi
that the recommended graduates cc
118 schools, 99 public and 19 private,
are admitted without examination in
subjects specified. This department
has not the space to publish) the list:
of such schools. The recorder of th>j
university can furnish the list.
Ain't a growlin' at de winter —
Though de win' a-blowln* so!
Kaze ef It wuz de 'summer time
Dey'd hitch me to der hoe!
Choppin' cotton fur en free,
"Wfd de white man atter me —
En de hot sun des a-blazin'
Lak Hereafter gwlne ter be!
— Atlanta Constitution.
Ain't growlin' at de winter,
Or raisin' of a row,
Kaze ef it wuz de summer time
Dey'd have me at de plow!
"VVid a "Gee — haw — seel"
En de white man atter me —
En de hot sun des a-blazin'
Lak Hereafter gwine ter be!
A Sable Philosopher.
It is not at all necessary (nor at all
likely) that it should mean the same
thing to both. Even grown people
rarely interpret music alike, and itj
grandeur and breadth is shown in that
very thing— that, one piece of music
may suggest an entirely different pic
ture to each person in a vast audience,
and yet' the picture in the mind of each
will be absolutely correct and not con
flict with the idea of the composer
either. It is all according to the mind
of the listener — a broad, receptive mind
will see things in a large way, will re
ceive an impression of greatness and
nearness to nature in music like Bee
thoven's, where a smaller soul will see
only what his mind can grasp. '
Some children are born with musical
insight and some have to- acquire it.
In either case they should be helped and
encouraged to give their views and
ideas in regard to what they hear, and
should be listened to with unfailing
attention by. their elders, for it is not
easy for them at first to acquire the
habit of putting what they feel into
words, and they must be made to un
derstand that the doing of it is worth
while, and that "mother" is interested,
heart and soul, in the music as it is
interpreted by her little Doy.
In' our next lesson we win take up
ensemble playing— which should have
its place in the life of every music
student. QHi-4
what the music seems to means to
each of them.
GOVERNMENT PUBLICATION — .
J. N., City. If you desire the Govern
ment publications named in letter of
inquiry, make application for the
same to the Representative in Con
gress of the Congressional District in
which you reside.
THE INDEPENDENCE — Subscriber.
City. The steamer Independence was
wrecked on the lower coast of Cali
fornia. February 16, 1853. The vessel
after striking took fire and 140 per
sons were either burned to death or
drowned.
'Answers to Queries.
PLAYING WITHOUT* NOTES.
The Auduboij societies, through their
organ. Bird Lore, make an urgent ap
peal to the women of America to ab
stain from using aigrettes. It is claim
ed that the herons from which these
aigrette plumes are laxen are rapidly
approaching extinction. The dealers*
offer of $32 per ounce for raw plum°s
tempts hunters to defy the law, and
it is believed that if, woman does not
abandon the use of aigrettes the white,
herons throughout the world will be
exterminated. Bird Lore publishes a
detailed statement o-f the facts In th«
case by William, Duteher.
To Protect Birds.
In the East people^ think that we boast of our climate
only because, of its ever-blooming flowers, and the
physical beauties with which it garnishes our landscape.
While we by no means, ignore this contribution to the
refined tastes and to the pleasures of life, and appre
ciate that satisfaction of the spirit and senses in the
fadeless beauties which garland California, we are by no
means left to count them as all we have ih our endow
ment of climate. It does for our materialities quite as
much as for our pleasures. . Kindly to man and beast, it
feeds them all with a generous hand and with its capacity
untaxed and unexhausted.
The people of Marysville have done well to emphasize
the characteristics of the winterless land. Let others
"follow their example, and let each make the story
stronger by stating the latitude of the place. The Call
goes and is read everywhere/^ It goes every State in
the Union, and these articles descriptive of California
are widely read. When an Eastern reader who knows
his latitude sits down by a red hot stove with a blizzard
booming outdoors, the country school closed because
the children cannot reach it through the snow, the dis
consolate cattle w'ith back's arched /to the storm, and
reads that in the. same latitude in California the school
children dress in gingham and pick wild flowers, while
the fruit hangs ripe on the orange trees, and palm and
banana gladden the eye, he will fall into deep reflection
and long to see the Winterless Land.
ana 28, in Mississippi 24, in Texas 16. In the Northern
States there was but little fluctuation, for they were ail
near to zero, and there was no let up. But a daily fluc
tuation of 40 to 60 degree.". Is not uncommon in New
York, Boston, Philadelphia, Chicago and at other points
These great fluctuations breed diseases, abridge the
comfort and impair the enjoyment of life. Every day
they subject the system to a violent wrench and finally
men break under it. Their effect upon industrial produc
tion is seriously felt. In California the climate and its
equability are factors in the production of labor. All in
dustrial operations may go on here, uninterrupted by
violent changes of temperature or the embargo of
We published recently a description of Marysville in"
mid-.Janu.iry, with the children dressed in gingham,
flowers in blooriv ripe oranges hanging on the trees
along the streets, and the foliage of the palm and banana
gleaming in the sunshine. The same description would
fit Chico, Colusa, Red Bluff and Redding, towns sfill
farther north and all of them in latitudes which in the
East present the ino.it .forbidding winter aspect.
The phrase, "the sunny South," has become a fable.
Hard winter sweeps through the Carolina*, Georgia,
Alabama and Florida. The changes are acute and the
fluctuations in temperature great. On the same date the
difference between the highest and lowest temperature
in San Francisco was 10 degrecs,_in Florida the fluctua
tion was 20, in Arkansas 34, in Tennessee 20. in Louisi-
of the check to business and the sufferings of the poor.
Then they read of a rise in temperature, cold rain and
epidemics of pneumonia and other acute and deadly
diseases of the respiratory system, and can hardly com
prehend ii all. • ,
JOAQUIN MILLER named Idaho the "Gem of the
Mountains" and gave to Oregon its nickname,
"the Emerald Land." California has named itself.
This is "the Winterlcss Land." Through its length of
nearly a thousand miles it knows no winter, except on
its mountain summits, where the snow is everlasting.
Cool and bracing weather comes to the valleys, but no
winter. There is no freezing of the ground, none
of the. keen biting of the fro?t which nips the
East for nearly half the yean As a result even pov
erty j here enjoys comforts and conditions that
plenty cannot buy for itself in the East. Our
people read in the daily news of cities racked by storms
and held in the grip of a zero temperature or below, and
hom-'*ro to the piano and play the dif
f?rent airs and motif he has just
heard, fixing them in this way in his
mind, where they are stored up for fu- !
tiire use. All this helps him to become j
--musically intelligent, to find nut for j
himself the different characteristics of
each composer to whose music h«> lis
'.tenF. besides making it possible for him
to "bring home a little bit of the con
cert," so to Fpeak, to the members of
the family.
Nowadays memorizing is reduced to a
science, and even the pupil who has no
natural aptitude in that direction will
be able, if he follows my instruction
carefully, to memorize unfailingly.
The natural method of memorization
is by the ear. That is. a persnn hears a i
tune, and immediately it seems to sing:
itself into his mini without any con
scious effort on his part. This is a
most Celightful way of memorizing,
but It is also apt to prove very unrelia
ble, and the music is liable to desert
one at the wrong moment. Forfnstanoe,
•if a pianist who relies upon his ear
* alone is ploying before a number of
jt'eople and becomes nervous his mem
•«>ry may fail him. A tittle nervousness,
a : littl" lark of concentration, a moment
of absent-mindedness and all is lost.
• There is another way of memorizing,
however <and this is the true and prop
er way), which never fails — to "photo-
Vraph" the music upon one's brain. This
is sometime? difficult at first and re
quires something of a brain to start
.with,' but if children are trained to ;i
.from the beginning it does not trouble
them. '
Let the pupil take one "measure" of a
• piece of music, look ct it carefully, then
shut his eyes or look away, and try to
play what he sees in his mind's eye. At
first he will probably fail to see any
thing at all, but after trying a few
times he will be able to see at least a
few note? and to play them from mem
ory — In oth^r v.-ords, from what he
leads in his mind. As soon as he is able
to play one measure in this way, let
him try the next, and so on, until he is
able to play a whole bar of music by
this method. When the bar of music is
A WINTERLESS LAND.
tomobile Club are telling this one: A
pair of black and white cats of the va
riety whose close acquaintance is never
sought, and who are sometimes called
American sable, sat on the limb of a
tree by the side of a country road. And
as they sat In silence there dashed by
an automobile, leaving behind it the
usual dark green atmosphere. And one
of the animals turned to the other and
said mournfully, 'What's the use?* "
The Boston Advertiser seems to be
lieve that skunks climb trees. Upon
the strength of that assumption it
prints the following lament:
"Members of the Massachusetts Au-
Natural History Lesson.
MEMORIZING AWAY FROM
PIANO.
"It's quite extraordinary., don't you
know, the way these Americans treat
their baseball umpires. I have at
tended one or two of these beastly
games, and why. really, it's as much as
a man's life is worth to be an umpire.
As I understand it. the umpire must
please both sides and the people, too —
'fanatics* they call them. Why, very
often, you know, he can't please any
side. Then the players rush at him
and shake their fists and bats in his
face and curse him roundly. In the
meantime the audience shouts the
most extraordinary things, such as,
'You robber!' 'Give them the game!"
and 'Rotten!' ' It quite tries your pa
tience, don't you know. Sometimes, if
the decision seems to be flagrantly
'rotten,' i>s they call it. the spectators
bolt their seats and rush out to help
the players assault the umpire. You
see, the umpire wears a sort of coat of
mail, but this affords the unfortunate
man little protection against the mob,
as they drag it off him by main force.
- "Why, I was informed by a gentle
man recently that from fifteen to
twenty umpires are killed annually in
America by these so-called 'fanatics.*
I should think the police would pro
hibit such exhibitions of barbarism,
for it is barbarism, really."
» J. Calvin Ewing, owner of the Oak
land baseball team, has a fund of
good stories to tell about the things
he . sees and hears at .the league
matches. One of the is a
faithful recounting of an Englishman's
estimate of the great American game.
"Cal" overheard the Englishman ex
patiating on the demerits of the sport
to his friend, another John Bull, on a
Sunday afternoon last season when the
.amenities between the opposing teams
were not closely observed. In fact, a
good deal of ••rough-housing" was go
ingr on and it was simply dessert for
the Britisher's theme. As near as
"Cal" can remember this is what he
said :
As Others-See Us.
Hawaii 'is in another turmoil of political unrest and
apparent unreason. The island Supreme Court has de
clared the county act void, and neither the legislative
enactments nor the laws of the counties are, now opera
tive. Why there should be a hubbub in consequence it
is not easy to understand. During her interesting career
as an American Territory Hawaii has displayed a charm
ingly complete disregard for new law's of whatever sort
by whomsoever enacted.
The supercilious waiter wears a, sneer
which sensitive people foolishly arro
gate to themselves. How many have
hastily ordered $15 worth they could
not afford to pay for after one glanca
at that cold sneer! How many have
paid the tribute of the tip, watching
the dread countenance for some indica
tion that the amount was not insuffi
cient.
A waiter who had been constantly
employed for three years loaned a cus
tomer $10,000 on mortgages. Whether
he had accumulated this fortune by au
tomatic, supercilious or majestic means
is immaterial. — New York Tribune.
and pepper with faint touches, settin?
forward the tabasco a thousandth part
of an Inch— all impersonally executed
while thinking backward into the pa^t
or forward into the future mechanical
ly. The automatic waiter accepts 1 tip
like a slot machine, smiling an instant,
perhaps registering the amount on ar»
unseen indicator.
Behold the majestic waiter! •Whiskers
adorn him. He moves with a kingly air.
If he wore medals and gold braid who
would dare remain seated while order
ing porterhouse and Bass' ale? Imagine
any one telling the majestic waiter t >
hurry. Tipping the majestic waiter is
a task to be accomplished humbly— and
It must be done by adepts if at all. It
is no small thing to offend an Emperor.
Memorising Music.
••• • BY AXICe'tERHC.VE.
"tSccg Vriter. fcnr.erly director of music in the
College of St. John the Baptist,
New York )
• • /Cspjifefct, l»04, liy Joseph "• Bowler)
; Memorizing, like accompaniment
Klaying, is a gift. The musip student
who has it is able to earn- $/vay twice
as much from a concert to which he
h & been listening as his V? ss fortunate
fallow student to whom memorizing is
a sealed book. He can upon his return
The record is the best evidence of the validity of our
contention that if municipalities insist upon going into
the business of selling water, light or power, or running
street railways, they be prevented at the start from
charging off deficits to the taxpayers. The postal busi
ness of the government is a sufficient warning in this
particular, if a municipality issue -bonds to enter upon
the public ownership of a public utility, let them \rest
upon the plant they create and be paid by those who use
it. In that way only can we hope for an approach to
an honest and business administration of the utilities.
Suppose that the Postmaster General were empowered
to provide for a prospective deficit by adding to the
price of letter stamps, of money orders and of the par
cels post, is it likely that we would have as many defi
cits? The users of the facility 'would feel it at once, and
they would be moved to demand a more careful over
sight of the business. But the deficit is paid indirectly
by taxes, and only the "few who read the annual report
know that a deficit exists, but they pay it just the same.
Carried into municipal administration of a business, the
losses caused by incompetency and dishonesty would
have to be made good by increasing the price of water,
light or power to the rate payer, and of street railway
fares to the passengers. It would hit them directly,
and be felt, instead of being taken out of them indirectly
and practically without their knowledge.
The/people will do well to join the most enlightened
advocates of public utilities in demanding that every
plant carry its own bonds and the cost of its administra
tion.
The report of the Postmaster General every year is an
interesting history of "the incompetence of goverrimenf
in business. Twenty years ago the postal deficit— was
$20,000,000 annually. Three years ago it ran down to
$3,000,000, and the department had great hopes of mak
ing Doth ends meet, and ventured again to promise that
the business would be made self-supporting. But the last
report shows that the deficit at the close of this fiscal
year will be $7,000,000, and that of the year ending June
30, 1005, will be $8,000,000. As deficits, like the first
statement of liabilities in bankruptcy cases, never grow
less and usually grow larger, it is safe to say that this
$15,000,000 may be trusted to be $20,000,000. It is all the
time plain that there would be no deficit at all if those
who use postal facilities were compelled to pay what
thej* cost. But, as it is a mixture of business and poli
tics, favor is sought with the users of those facilities by
making thorn cheap and the deficit is charged off to the
taxpayers. So we have had letter postage reduced to
two cents, rnd have been promised a one-cent rate, but
the resulting deficit comes out of the taxpayers' pockets.
There ?re those who contend that the control of its
mails by a country i^ necessary to government, and that
its political interests require that it have that power, and
thit. therefore, the system is no more to be expected to
support itself than Congress, or the Department of State
or of Justice. This view was not accepted in the -begin
ning of our government, for then it was the general view
that the^ postal business was a business, and not a proper
political function of government. In the result, in the
constant deficits in their fluctuation to a minimum and
then their stead}' rise to a maximum, we have cumula
tive testimony to the incapacity of government for
business. Why make it self-supporting when losses can
be taken out of the taxpayers?
From the time that Benjamin Franklin was Postmas
ter Genera], under the Confederacy, until now it has
been the dream and the struggle^ of every Postmaster^
General to make the business pay. In annual reports we
have rosy predictions that were never fulfilled. No. mat
ter how greatly the revenues increased the deficits have
appeared with all the regularity of seedtime and harvest,
and ever}' session of Congress finds them the largest
in the annual deficiency appropriation.
It is interesting to observe that as we recede from the
government departments that arc handling property and
doing business,'' and approach those which are engaged
in the legitimate purpose of government, which is gov
erning, a political function entirely, the scars of scandal
grow less frequent and less pronounced. If this be the
case in the Federal government, what can be expected
from municipal government in business? The answer is
found in the revelations in New York and Philadelphia,
in Boston and Chicago.
THOSE who advocate public ownership of public
utilities by municipalities, are in the habit of
pointing with pride to the Federal administration
of the postofiice'of the business of receiving and send
ing mail to its destination, and the transaction of a bank
ing business in the sale of money orders. As we have
already pointed out, the greatest public scandals we have
had have occurred, and under all parties, in the Post
office Department. The next greatest have been in the
Interior Department, and both are handling property,
buying and selling J in business.
Autumn Love.
Slowly and with great caution "Old
Tom," the patriarch of the patriarchs
: who have purchased for themselves a
comfortable resting place for their age
wearied bodies at St. Mary's Hospital,
picked up his campstool. With great
stealth he peered around the yard sur
rounding- the hospital, and then, feel
ing 1 assured that his movements were
not noticed by his hoary-headed com
panions, who, contentedly smoking
and reading, were sitting about in the
glorious sunlight, he slipped quietly
around the corner of the building.
Once out of sight of his companions
his age seemed to drop from him as
would a cloak. Almost sprightly be
came his step and his age-bedimmed
blue eyes seemed once more to be
lighted. His cane did not bend and
creak under the weight of his body as
was its wont when he "paraded up and
down with the old homers"; neither
was his big slouch hat pulled down
low on his forehead as he usually wore
it. The cane now swung almost juant
ily; the hat sat rakishly on the side
of his head, and as he walked he
faintly but gayly hummed a love ditty
of the long ago.
Suddenly the humming ceased and
Old Tom stopped short in his walk.
The cane lost its jaunty swing, and
with a shaky, wrinkled hand he reach
ed up anfl pulled the old slouch hat
down over his eyes just in time to hide
the big tears that bedimmed them.
Totteringly he walked to the side of
the big building and leaned against it
for support and then with a groan he
placed his campstool and disconsolate
ly sat down.
The sunshine in the bright, black
eyes of the sweet-faced, little old lady
of the Old Annex, in which
old Tom was wont to bask, was not
for him this time. Another campstool
stood where his had been and another
"homer" was seated thereon receiving
the smiles that Old Tom considered his
very own.
GOVERNMENT IN BUSINESS.
It is always a good thing to take a
child to a concert in ' company with
some other child and let the two com
pare notes between numbers as to
Never laugh at the fancies the music
may suggest to a child, no matter how
absurd they may seem to you. As
long as you can get him to think about
the music at all you are educating
him. and the power for clever musical
analysis will grow as the years ad
vance.
Listening to music becomes intense
ly interesting to children when pre
sented in this manner, and the way in
which they .sometimes grasp the idea
of the composer is truly astonishing.
Tell him that the composer had a
certain picture, or rather, a certain
scene in his mind when he wrote the
music and that he (the boy) must try
to find out what it was. Tell him that
the music will describe it to him and
he must listen well to what the music
is saying so that he may find what it
is all about.
The training that he gets in this way
will be of priceless value to him in later
years, too, for by practice the "photo
graphic" method of memorizing be
comes second nature to the musician
and requires even less effort than the
method of "playing by ear."
The two methods do not conflict at
all, by the way, although some people
contend that they do. I have used both
methods all my life, playing by ear be
cause I "was born that way" and could
not help it, and memorizing by way of
the "mental picture" also.
In connection with the subject of
memorizing; there is another point
which I wish to bring up and that is
the way In which a child should be
taught to listen to music.
The technical fide of this we dis
cussed in one of the earlier lessons,
where I urged parents to take their
children to hear good music, but in ad
dition to the technical the imaginative
side of the music should be made to
mean something to the child, and his
fancy should be taught to paint pic
tures descriptive of every piece of
music he hears.
young pupils to work up a little reper
toire as soon as they begin to have
pieces at all. They should be taught
to memorize everything, and as they
progress from one' piece to another the
old ones should be reviewed Ih order,
at least once every day, that they may
not be forgotten. By doing this a child
may acquire a very delightful- little
repertoire, and so be able to play at a
moment's notice any number of pretty
pieces and studies correctly "and music
ally. The more accustomed the child
becomes to doing this sort of thing the
better he will do it, and as he gains
confidence he will be able to throw
more and more soul into his rendition
of the music, and will become in truth
a veritable little artist.
'"ordinary drains arc laid under the ground and water is
applied until the alkali in the upper layer of soil has
all been dissolved away. After that the problem is to
irrigate to just such a degree that, while the crops have
plenty of moisture, the lower alkali will never be stirred
up. If the land is irrigated too heavily the alkali that
lies deep will be disturbed and then the land will be
Spoiled." , ¦
How shall the* agriculturist find out just how much
water to place pn alkali land to leach it to just the right
extent? -That is what the United States Department of
Agriculture is trying to find out for the farmer's bene
fit. Wherever there are deserts, generally speaking,
there are high temperatures in the "season'when there
are agricultural crops to mature antT^fruits to ripen.
Heat and water, with only fair soil, are sufficient to pro
duce rank vegetation,
' Mr\ Means -says that there is a mistaken notion that
Egypt is irrigated by turning loose the whole Nile. The
g-r-eater part of Egypt is freshened by methods similar
to those in use in Southern California. Quite a large
amount of land in Arizona may be" reclaimed in the pri
mary work of the Department of Agriculture. It is esti
mated that possibly but one-thirtieth of; Arizona can be
irrigated with the present water supply when fully util
ized, but still that area will be" respectable as measured
by standards supplied by Eastern States.
The Tonto dam, which is being constructed' above
Phoenix, will supply water for about 200,000 acres. The
dam on the Colorado River will irrigate a similar area.
It is safe to allow 100,000 acres more to be irrigated by
small streams in the Gila River drainage system, so that
half a million acres of Arizona lands' that are now
waste may be turned into farms. Incidentally it may be
said that the comparative lack of water in Arizona sup
plies an incentive to the Government to ascertain the
minimum amount that is necessary to sustain certain'
crops.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY. > JANUARY 27, 1004.
THE SAN- FRAN CISCO CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor ? . . . ? ? • • • • Address All Communications to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Office <S<i§||||[||£> Third and Market Streets, S. F.
WEDNESDAY '. 27, 1904
8
INSTRUCTIVE STUDIES
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMEN
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMESPetitions in bankruptcy were filed
yesterday in the United States Dis
trict Court, as follows: August H.
Lill, upholsterer and mattress maker.
Oakland, liabilities $789, assets (prin
cipally bad debts), $1124; -Frknk L.
Noriega, clerk with Southern Pacific
Company, liabilities $5486, no assets.
Petitions in Bankruptcy.
. The Federal Grand Jury yesterday
presented an indictment against
Thomas Davis charging him with hav
ing feloniously assaulted Mrs.' Anna
Ames on the high Beas. The crime is
alleged to have been committed on
board the Alliance during a
voyage from San Francisco to Ore
gon. Davis' bo'nds were fixed at $20,
000., The penalty for this crime may
be death or Imprisonment for life at
hard labor in the penitentiary, as the
jury may elect.
Thomas Davis Indicted.
When the case of Vincent le Cor
vee, charged with the murder of Vin
cent le Muer on the French vessel
Vercingetorix on January 12, was
called before Judge Cook yesterday
the defendant, on the advice of his
attorney, refused to plead. The Judge
ordered the clerk of the court to en
ter, a plea of not guilty and set the
case for trial for next Friday.
Refuses to Plead.
P. Espinosa, a saloon-keeper at
1024 Kearny street, secured a warrant
from Police Judge Cabaniss yester
day for the arrest of Attorney Alex
ander Campell Jr." on a charge of fel
ony embezzlement. Espinosa alleges
that-Campbell on December 1 collect
ed $58 20 for him on a judgment, and
although repeated demands had been
made upon him for the money it had
not been forthcoming.
Attorney in Trouble.
The ' Legislative Council of Pretoria
has voted in favor of the introduction
of Asiatic labor into South Africa. >;
M. Michelino, a bakery wagon
driver, was arrested by Officer McCur
rie of the Humane Society yesterday
for using a crippled horse. Michelino
was released on ?10 cash bail.
Is Arrested for Cruelty.
.Charles Callahan, until recently a
watchman, at the City and County
Hospital, died suddenly In bed yes
terday at his residence, 21 Golden
Gate avenue. He had been on a spree
and death was due to natural causes.
Watchman Cullahan Dies.
The case of Pierce vs. the Moun
tain Copper Company, Limited, was
placed on trial before a jury yester
day in the United States Circuit Court
and will be resumed to-day. The ac
tion is to recover S3 0,0 00 damages for
personal injuries sustained "in March,
1902, in the mines of the defendant.
Mining Damage Trial.
This week 25 per cent reduction on
every heater in stock. San Francisco Gas
and Electric Company. 415 Post street. ?
Customi Collector Stratton was in
formed yesterday by the Treasury De
partment at Washington, I>. C, that
the recent' order requiring all customs
clerks to work seven hours. a day, or
from 9 a. m. to 4:30 p. m., with half
an hour for lunch, applied to all cus
tom-houses in the United States, but
that the custom-houses should not
be kept open to the public after 4
p. m. The Collector has requested
further instructions as to the hour
for closing on Saturdays.
Will Clo*c at 4 P. M.
Th<> puit of Marion J. and Charles
Grf»en Against the Southern Pacific
Gompany was dismissed yesterday in
the United States Circuit Court by
Ftinulation. the case having been set
tled out of court. The suit was for
Srn,6C4 damages for personal injuries
received by Mrs. Green in a railway
;..rident in Alameda.
Railroad Suit Settled
What pleasure it Is to look at pretty
photographs. Get a camera and take
tho photos yourself. We have cameras
from 80c up. and all camera supplies.
Sanborn, Vail & Co.. 741 Market st. •
The Wee Ong Tong, an incorporated
Chinese gambling assoclntion, filed suit
for an injunction .yesterday restrain
ing Chief of Police Wlttman fr,om
raiding Its quarters or from enforcing
the new ordinance which declares it a
misdemeanor for any person to have
gambling appliances in a barricaded
room. The case w r as. assigned to
Judge SIoss.
Chinese Seek Injunction.
Riley is not content with enjoying
the bounty of his mother's home with
out cost to himself, but thinks he must
use bis brawny fists on her 'and his
sister whenever he manages to force
Prosecutor Jim Hanley tried his hard
est yesterdaylo induce Judge Cabaniss
to send to the County Jail for a long
term a despicable brute named Thomas
Riley. who makes a practfoe of getting
drunk and then beating his aged moth
er and a grown sister. I The mother is
the widow of an expressman, who at
his death . left her considerable prop
erty in the vicinity of Federal and
Second streets. The family home is at
91 Federal street.
James Kelley, the negro who claims
to have been born in Ireland, was
given ten days in the County Jail
yesterday by Judge Mogan. He said
he was a native' of Limerick, and
Bailiff Jerome J. Hickey, who carried
a pike there in 1798 during the rebel
lion, asked Kelley how he came to be
so black. "When I lived .there I didn't
have my uniform on," said Hickey,
"but I never got so sunburned as you."
"Well." said Kelley, "climate changes.
It's lots hotter there now than when
you were in Limerick." Bailiff Mahoney
suggested that the light sentence was
due to the fact that Judge Mogan once
lived in Ireland. "Like Kelley did," said
Bailiff Hickey. as he moved off with
his prisoner.
"Did the complaining witness offer
you any money to hit him in the eye
after he had called you across the
street?" asked Prosecutor Weller. The
defendant admitted there was no mone
tary remuneration attached to the deed.
The arresting: officer testified to Dough
erty's generally worthless character,
and the defendant was convicted on
both charges. To-day Judge Conlan
will give him two six-spots in the
County Jail, one on each charge.
Dougherty told Judge Conlan that the
lodging-house keeper eyed him in a dis
respectful manner while in the saloon,
and for this he punched him a couple
of times, merely for percentage. Then
he claimed the lodging-house keeper
beckoned to him from across the street,
and he went over and did the optical
work.
James Doupherfy, like thf prodigal
son, '"haf; enm? to his own asrain." Threo
weeks ago ho was bpfnre Judgo Mogan
on the Charge of burglary and was dis
missed. He said he was a sailor in the
navy and was drunk when he com
mitted the crime. The value of the
property taken was slight and his plea
won mercy. At the time Judge Mogan
told him that if he were a criminal he
would come before the bar of justice
again, and if he were not the arrest
would be a lesson to him.
Yesterday he appeared before Judge
Cortlan on a charge of battery and one
of vagrancy. In a saloon Monday after
noon he encountered the proprietor of.
the lodging-house he was accused of
robbing and handed him a few hot ones
right off the stove. Then he followed
the retreating man across the street
and did up one of his eyes in opal, um
ber" and dun colors, so that it looked
like the tintings of twilight on the
desert.
. Captain W. B. Seabury. master of
¦th> steamship Korea, was arraigned
yesterday in tho United .States Dis
trict Court'on an indictment charging
him with having allowed a Chinese
immigrant to escape ashore at this
j/ort from the .steamship China in
J 900 "while be w:ip master of that ves
sel. *A plea of not guilty was entered
-and the case will bo set for trial later.
¦« -.¦ijn.-iiii Seabnry Plrad-
Formed Against Plaintiffs.
In a suit filed Yesterday by Emma,
Cora, Arthur H. and Gladys Evans
against the directors of. the Pacific
Transfer Company, in which they are
stockholders, they charge the defend
ant with entering into a conspiracy
to force them f .out of the. concern and
to turn the business of the company
over to the Overland Freight Transfer
Company.
In support of their charge they cite
the, fact that three of the directors—
E. Li. Tilden, Dupont Coleman and W.
II. Fuller — assessed the stock held by
the Evans family and have ordered It
sold because they failed to pay it.
The Evanses ask for an injunction pre
venting the sale and for judgment de
claring the resolution levying the
assessment void and also for an in
junction preventing the defendants
from entering into any contract with
the Overland people.
In Action for Injunction Charge Is
Made That Conspiracy has Been
Mary A. Martin filed suit yesterday
:i;.* th<» United States Circuit Court
ji;rainsl the Head Camp, Pacific juris
diction.' Woodmen of the World, to
rpcaver 530^0 insurance on her hus
band's Ii-fo and J100 for a headstone.
; s provided by the laws of that organ-
Lzation. The complaint recites that
the. plaintiffs husb;<iid. Francisco
Martin, died on M.-iy 17. 1900. a m<»m
tV>l- in prpod standing of Spruce Camp
No. .131' of Alampds, and that the
officers have refused to furnish h**r
itio n^oepsnry blanks t^> prove her hus
l>;in/is death and mak? application
fo'r tho insurance duo. Bert Schies
inprr is fil'tnrnoy feir Mrs. Martin.
Woodmen Sued for Insurance.
DIRECTORS OF TRANSFER
COMPANY SUED BY EVANSES
1 At the hearing there were numerous
witnesses to prove that the sleeper wag
' merely slapped with a duck in the
| bands of HagVrty by way of a joke
land even the complaining witness ad
i rnitted that he had not seen the gun
. in action.
James J. Hagerty, who keeps a saloon
on Howard street, went out triumph
antly from Judge Fritz's court yester
day after undergoing a hearing on the
charge of assaulting James S. Bean
with a deadly weapon.
Hagerty testified that he came homa
from a duck hunting trip Sunday with
a bulging game bag and found Bean
taking a siesta in a chair in the bar
room. He drew forth one of the punc
tured ducks and swatted the lodger
across the face with it. Bean awoke
from his deep dream of peace to find
Hagerty standing over him with a shot
gun in one hand and a slaughtered duck
in the other. He reasoned quickly that
ho had been hit with the gufi and
nearly tore down the front of the
saloon in making his escape from
further violence.
Talking about combinations, Judge
Fritz judicially reviewed one yester
day that should pay the limit. 'Alfred
R. E. Morse, a negro, who had lost his
rabbit's foot, was arrested for cruelty
to animals. He was unnecessarily
whipping a white horse attached to
Undertaker Godeau's dead wagon in an
endeavor to nurry a corpse to a waiting
slab. A woman with red hair had him
arrested for cruelty to animals and he
was fined $10.
All Chinamen in a court of justice
when they are sworn hold up their left
hand. Quong Yin went the limit in
Judge Mogan's court yesterday, when
ho, appeared on th«» charge of having
lottery tickets in his possession. He
foum^a seat in the jury box and when
the arresting officer was sworn the
Chinaman's left hand went high in the
air. The Judge motioned to him to
lower it, -but he paid no heed. Bailiff
Hickey went over and told the "Chink"
to put his hands in his pocket, but the
uplifted member was stanch. 'By force
the bailiff pressed the arm down to the
defendant's side, but he had no sooner
moved away than it shot into the air
again. All during the hearing the
Chinaman maintained the same atti
tude and never lowered his arm. until
the case had been dismissed and he
found himself out in the corridor.
Edward Miller, the bellboy wlio was
arrested at San Jose for stealing jeV
els belonging to Mrs. Mary C. Hang at
the. Roycroft Hotel in this city, and
who told the Santa Clara officers that
he was clerk of Judge Mogan's court,
was before tho same outraged Magis
trate yesterday whose name he had
bandied about so freely. The Judge
had read ' about the Fiddler "ringer"
occurrence and he didn't want any
scandal connected with the track over
which ho presides, so*_he made Clerk
Pat Gray range himself alongside the
defendant, for* comparison.
There was no possibility of a two
dromio business in connection with the
men. Miller lacks the drooping lower
lip and th« keen, shifty eyes that De
tective Hogan found in Soeder, and be
sides he is decidedly better 'looking
than Clerk Gray. Tho clerk was ac
quitted of complicity and Miller was in
structed and arraigned on the charge
of grand larceny. His alleged partner
in crime, Archie Harris, is still being
sought for by the police.
Two brothers. George and Albert
Davis, both still under the age of 30
years, were before Judge Mogan yes
terday on a charge of vagrancy. They
were the very limit of miserable co
caine fiends. For the last six weeks
they have inhabited a filthy room with
their mother at 1126 Howard street, liv
ing on scraps gathered from the chari
table poor in the neighborhood. The
mother is also a cocaine fiend and her
condition was so pitiable that she was
sent to the City and County Hospital
at the time of thai arrest Monday night.
The cases of the' two unfortunate men
were continued for one week to see if
abstinence from the drug will work
any benefit for them.
John McDuff, who is shy one ear, and
Thomas Gorman, a major portion of
whose nose has gone the way of all
flesh, were before Judge Cabaniss yes
terday because they were fighting on
Fourth street at the same time that a
policeman was passing along. The
Judge looked over them critically and
finally dismissed them. "Both of you
gentlemen appear to have probed this
fighting game to the bottom," he said,
"and should realize its dangers. De
part in peace and remain peaceable or
something will happen next time."
Interlocutory decrees or divorce were
granted yesterday to Florence Mathe
s?on from Alexander Ma meson for de
>trJion, Clarence E. Sayles from Mary
A. Sayles for intemperance, Lillian
Smith from John Smith for neglec*.
Lida Smith from O. Ray Smith for de
sf-rtion, Emma Wedemeyer from B. H.
Wedemeyer for desertion and John Sul
livan from Lulu Sullivan for desertion.
Beatrice Kearney filed a suit for di
vorce* for desertion against D. L. Kear
ney.
• JLnex E. Hay Harrison filed an atTi -
davit yesterday in support of a motion
jot -alimony to be made Friday in which
the avers that she is in need of money
afcd will ask the court to compel Mah-
Jon C. Harrison, who is being sued for
divorce by b,er, to pay her $100 a month
additional alimony, J730 for counsel
fees and $200 costs of suit.
Sojjhle and Joseph McFall, respect
ively plaintiff and defendant in an ac
tion "for divorce, were in Judge Sea
wc-lTs court yesterday almost an entire
d;*y.j Each one tried to show that the
•nher is responsible for their matrimon
ial mfelicities. Such a mass <if evi
dence was introduced by both sides
that Judge Seawell put the matter over
until* next Friday, when McFall will
try to show that Instead of his being' a
c« pel. husband, as his wife charges, he
Mias # -been a much abused one. He will
*Aty> try to prove that his wife is guiky
of- misconduct with Special Police Ofii
<er Merman H. Helbush.
If a Puorl Wilkerson. from whom
Maud Amber Wilkerson recently se
ruK-d a, divorce, is dissatisfied with
rhe judgment of the court. He has
tiled. j._ notice that on Friday next he
vill move the court to set aside the
judgment and other orders made in
the case. He says in the notice that
a. ° reconsideration of the case will be
for the best interests of justice and
puWic policy. -
To-day the visiting team will play
against tho post team and to-morrow
will try luck with the officers of the
post.
"The baseball team. .of. the First
squadron, Ninth Cavalry, from 6rd
Barracks, crossed bats with the team
of the Tenth Infantry yesterday, result
ing in a victory for the former with a
score of IS to 10.
Major George M. Wells, medical de
partment, and Major Philip G. Wales,
medical department, both en route to
Manila on the tram port Sheridan,
which sails on February 1, registered
at headquarters yesterday. .
Colonel Augustus II." Bainbridge, Uv
S. A., retired, repisiereu" at headquar
ters.- Ho is visiting 1 old'frier.d.s at the
infantry cantonment at the Presidio.
Yesterday the band drew new heavy
uniforms and to-day and to-morrow
the whole regiment expects to be fitted
out with new apparel suited to this
climate.
Tht Twenty-eighth Infantry,- which
arrived home from the Philippines, on
the 14th inst., is still burdened with
heavy army overcoats, necessitated by
the rigors of this climate compared
with that it has just left.
Next Monday morning the cavalry
will go through a number of new ma
neuvers* and will wind up by attacking
the light battery out on the hills near
the r>o»nt.
Now General MacArthur has decided
to establish a practical school for mili
tary training, and in a few days^orders
will be issued to this effect. This school
is really to be a sort of campaign drill
in .which both the Tenth and Twenty
eighth infantries are to^ take part.
These drills are to take place every
afternoon except Saturday and. Sunday.
They will sometimes be held on the
golf links and occasionally at the point.
They will certainly be of a spectacular
nature, and will give the troops a
chance they have never had before.
Orders have also gone forth for
mounted guard drills. This morning at
9 o'clock the squadron of the Ninth
Cavalry, Major John Bigelow Jr., will
go through the regular drill, and at its
conclusion the pitching of the Sibley
tents will take place.
The Tenth Infantry, Colonel Charles
H. Nobk', has been doing fine work all
along, and now is in first-class shape
to go .into the field at a moment's no
tice. The Twenty-eighth Infantry,
Colonel O. J. Sweet, which has been
away for 4 the last two' years in the
rough part of the Philippines, is show
i:., up in good style in its daily drills.
At the present time a morning at the
Presidio is both instructive and inter
esting, and shows what Uncle Sam's
men can do when they are put on their
mettle, and are under orders to be pre
pared for any and every emergency.
Troops at ! the Presidio were very
busy yesterday. The' Ninth Cavalry is
showing up in splendid shape since
Major Bigelovir has been putting them
through, complete and exhaustive
drills.
Files a Notice That He Will
..Yiy to IftLve the DivoiveGiven
•M««d Amber Set Aside
General MacArthur Has Decided
to Establish a Practical
School for Military Training
At the hearing yesterday the Judge
insisted on the special prosecutor stat
ing the reason why the charge should
he dismissed, in order that any sus
picion of compounding a felony should
bo done away with. It appeared that
no demand had been made on the de
fendant, because he could not be founJ
in person and consequently there' was
nc ground for the charge of embezzle
nfent. Mrs. Lyons said £he was entirely
satisfied with the release of the mort
gage and Haars was set at liberty.
Numerous attempts were made by
Haars and his friends to induce Judge
Mogan to dismiss the felony charge
against the real estate dealer, but he
steadfastly refused until documents
were produced in court showing* that
the mortgage had been satisfied. At
.the last hearing of the^case he gave
the defendant two days to exhibit the
satisfaction of the mortgage and prom
ised that if it was not forthcoming it
that time he would proceed with the
hearing, regardless «>f any further set
tlement.
Judge Mogan yesterday dismissed the
charge qf felony embezzlement against
Charles J. Haars, president of the Don
ald Investment Company, with offices
at SoO Market street. The case has been
hanging fire fur a number of weeks
and the dismissal made on mo
tion of the special prosecuting attorney
after a thorough showing had been
made that the claim of the prosecuting
witness had been settled satisfactorily.
Haars was arrested on the charge of
embezzling $700, part of $950 intrusted
tn him as a real estate dealer by Mrs.
Antonie Lyons for the purchase of a
lodging-house at 32 Second street. Mis.
Lyons secured possession of the house
last July and in the month of Decem
ber of last year was called upon to pay
a morteage of $?oo. of which she had
no knowledge, believing that the fur
niture was entirely free from encumb
rance when she took it into her pos
session.
Both women were in court and
pleaded with tears and words that the
brutal son and brother should only get
a reprimand. Judge Cabaniss gave him
one that made his hair curl and warned
him that if ever again he was com
plained of he would be given the full
limit of the law.
enough money from them to furnish
him with ammunition for a drank. His
latest escapade was Monday night,
when he knocked his mother down and
tore nearly all the clothing from his
sister's body. Then he went to a neigh
boring corner and boasted of his deed.
He was arrested for being drunk in a
public place, but neither his mother nor
his sister would consent to a prosecu
tion.
WILKERSOX DISSATISFIED
CAMPAIGN WORK NEXT
Troops Stationed at Post Are
Now Engaging in Strenuous
and Vigorous Daily Drills
Charles J. Haars Is Dismissed by Judge
Mogan After Atonemept Is Made — Duck
Is Decided to Be Not a Deadly Weapon
McFall Says Wife Is Guilty of
Misconduct With Special Of
ficcr Herman II. He! bush
WORKING HARD
AT PRESIDIO
REAL ESTATE DEALER SETTLES
ACCUSATION OF EMBEZZLEMENT.
PLACES BLAME
ON POLICEMAN
THE SAN. .FRAXGJSC.O. CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 27, 1904.
9
POSTUM CEBEAL.
Look in each package for a copy of
:he famous little book, "The Road to
tV^lville."
•"J'ro.fersor Mendel yurprised me very
rnvcfa by a/king at once If I was a cof-
f<e "drinker, aud on my telling him I
used it two or three times a day he
f.iia, 'It la poison.' AfU;r carefully ex-
amining me he told me there was noth-
ing the matter with me whatever but
what could be entirely cured in thirty
dajn^by letting coffee and other stimu-
lants alone and dieting.
"I -had a hard time following his ad-
vice. I did not know what to do until
I «ame home and told my. wife, who got
fcnme Postum. We tried it. but at first
(!:d riot like it; th^-n we went over the
directions on the package together and
f.»und we had not boiled U. long enough.
That, was the beginning of the end of
my trouble, for th» Postum was deli-
ious after that, and I drank It regu-
arly and it helped me from the start.
"In a very short time I began to feel
rr.uch better, and in the last three years
i haven't been absent from business
Dne hour on account of ill health, for
<ny health Is fine now. I have a good
Appetite. Fleer* well and weigh 4"5
pounds." Name given by Postum Co.,
Battle Creek, Mich.
c Any nervoys person who drinks coffee
i\ill feel better from ten days' use of
Postum !n place of coffee. Trial easily
prove* this. There's a reason.
" ° It disappoints some people to be told
that coffee causes the disease. But it $h
beet t» look squarely at facts and set
l£e face 'toward healih, for that's more
-tiifi than anything else anyhow. A Cin-
rlOhsti man consulted a Berlin pnysi-
r ia'n on nervous diseases and says:
! "Four years ago I was an habitual
< ufFee drinker, having used it for twen-
ty-five x<*&r*, and being naturally of a
nervous temperament 1 became almost
h nerveus wreck, greatly suffering from
Insotnnia; almost constantly consti-
(la'eH and wtighinj? only 128 pounds.
"I 'consulted physicians and took med-
if irn»' all the time, but had no relief.
About three years and a half ago I
v. ent-abroad. and while In Herlin heard
frequently of a great physician, Pro-
r<-sf^r Mendel, an authority on nervous
trouble, so 1 resolved to consult him.
QUIT COFFEE.
Said tlie Great German Specialist.
AMUSOCEJiTS.
COLUmJBIA uuuTSi!
The Oreat
<%k^^ International
X^^V MusicaJ
' Comedy Triumph
> £"^S^ Nightly.
. Including Sunday.
* Matinee Sat. Only.
V . ...., ~7 -7. : .".-,• ¦• - -¦¦- •
CALIFORNIA
y«38 AIT UITPABAI.I.2:ii£X> feu
ff\ DBAMATXO TSIXTMPH.
H MR. EDWARD MORGAN . ||
¦ And the entire original cast, exactly as H
EJ seen during the five months' run at the l|
M Victoria Theater. New York. H
H IN HALL (WINE'S LATEST MAS- H
P TERP1ECE. .O
I ...THE... i
§ ETERNAL CITY |
U SPECIAL rRICES— U 60. *I00. 7Sc. ¦
B 50c, £5c. M
a Matinee prices same as (or evfning j
a performances. CURTAIN PROMPTLY m
A PRODIGIOUS PROGRAMME!
Johnny and Emma Ray; Cordna and
Maud; Duffy, Sawtelle and Duffy;
Hold en and Florence: Steln-Eretto
Family; Stanley and Wilson; Kelly
and Vlolette; Irving Jones, and Or*
phcum Motion Pictures.
Regular Matinees Every Wednesday, Thurs-
day. Saturday and Sunday.- Prices, 10c, 25c
and 50c. '
AT PA7AD Belasco £ Mayer.
ALCAZAR rrpr^:
¦ •-¦ Oeneral Manager.
EXCITING ENORMOUS ENTHUSIASM.
CHEERS. SHOUTS AND BRAV08.
" TO-NIGHT— MATS. SAT. AND SUN.
TUC By Henry 4%
II L Arthur Jones. CkH
MASQUERAOERU
A VERY GREAT PLAT AND SUPERBLY
ACTED
Eves.. 25c to ROc. Mats. Sat. and Sun. ISc to 50c
Next Monday — First Ban Francisco produc-
tion of the delightful romantic comedy,
j A-COLONIAL GIRL,
As originally played by Virginia Harned and
K. H. Sothtrn. .
CENTRAL*!?
Market St., near Eighth. Phone South 633.
TO-NIOHT— THIS WEEK ONLY.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Magnificent Spectacular Production of the
Greatest of All Historical Dramas.
QUO VADIS
" 150— PEOPLE IN CAST— 150
New Scenery! Gargcoun Costumes!
brilliant Electrical Effects!
PRICES — Evenings, 10c to 5Oc. Matinees,
10c, 15c. 25c
- NEXT— "EAST LYNNE.'-'
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
LYRIC HMLL.
This ' evening; and every night until Satur-
day at 8:15,
RIVEtA ROYAL ITALIAN BAND
Marches, overtures ami selections from the
most popular Italian and German operas. *
Seats. 50c and T.V, at Sherman & Clay's dur-
ing the nay and in the. evening. at the box of-
flee, of LyrtC Hall. <*
Weekly Call. $1 per Year
AMUSEMENTS.
-TIVOLIS55&
THIRD WEEK OF THE GREAT SUCCESS.
When Johnny
Gomes Marching Home,
A Military Spectacular Comic Op^ra by Stan-
islaus Stance and Julian ilwards.
Martial Music! Ficturesoua Scenery! North-
ern Soldier* and Southern Sweathearta!
MATINEE SATURDAY.
. In Preparation— "THE OTPST BARON."
Usual Pounlar Prices 23c. 80c and 73a
Box Seats |1.C»
Matinee Saturd*y— last roar Vlfflitst
SEX THE DEACO2T ASS HIS XOSSXI
IS THE XAZlTt
\M. H. TURNER
In Julius Cahn'i Successful Production.
DAVIDHARUM
BEGIJCNINO NEXT SUNDAT MATIN$B
Joseph Arthur's Latest Success.
LOST RIVER.
TTStTAXi VOrUlsAM PRICES.
YOU ~~\S EE THE
WAlMTTolCREAT
Musical Comedy 'Tb.it the Whole City la
Ravfax Over.
...THE BEAUTY SHOP...
The Original Play That Was "Written by Mr.
J. C. Crawford, and That Ia Brimful of De-
lightful Songs. Specialties and Funny Say-
ing-a. ¦ .
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
MONDAY. FEBRUARY 8TH.
" R-O-T>Y P-O-L-Y."
Another Original Novelty.
First Appearance of Nellie Lynch.
DEAVES 1 MERRY MANIKINS
And * Oreat mow Zrwry Afternoon u*
EVeain* In Oia Hwttd Thsatw.
AMERICAN/ CHINESE AND PHILIPPINE
BABIES IN THE INFANT INCUBATORS.
Visit the Mystic Mirror Maze.
BABY MOPABD 7& THE ZOOS
AMATEUR NIGHT THURSDAY.
Admission, 10c: Children, 5c
When Phonln*. Ask for^The Chutes." .
_ __ 1
Racing !pg^. Racing!
OAKLAND RACE TRACK
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
Cotnroencins January 4.
Racing Each Weak Day. Rain or ShSna.
Six or More Eaces Daily.
Races commence at 2:15 P» m. sharp.
For special trains stopping- at the- track take
8 P Ferry, foot of Market etreet. at 12.
12-30L l:0O. 1:30 or 2 o'clock. No smoklnr la
taat two ear*, which ar» reserved for ladles
and their ««corta. ' *
¦ Returning trains Uate track at 4:10 and
4-45 and Immediately after the laet race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS. President.
PKRCY W. TREAT. Secretary.
PflfflrP DON'T FAIL TO
lalaUV gee - beautiful
1 « COURT Lounging
/Hifl room, the EMPIRE
« uu PARLOR, the
r» J PALM ROOM, tha
ITf flflfl LOUIS XV PAR-
n i t DIES' WRITING
Hotels 1 Sqqm-
PE.AGEHS
I Given Away to Every Visitor to Our Store
1 1*ft-flsv — Rpd-ILpttpi* IViv
H A comparison of the excellent values of these bargains will Readily con-
H yince the most conservative shopper of the great advantage of shopping at this
H popular and fast-growing store. To-day we offer the extra inducement of ten free
II Green Trading Stamps besides those that are included in the purchases.
I LACES. . WOMEN'S KIMONAS.
|| 9c a yard— Our entire assortment of Nor- 35c Io ° P r ctty flannelette kimonas: trim-
f| . mandy Valenciennes and Point de Paris med with 2-inch plain flannelette bands
ra laces; 3 to 5 inches wide. They are- consid- to match. An exceptional bargain.
H ered good values at u»/c and 15c a yard. WOMEN'S PETTICOATS.
U ' ' • . RIBBONS.* 95c 20 ° fine P etlicoats ; black and highly
i " " Sr a yard— Pure silk lustrous taffeta ribbon; mercerized. Some have accordeon-
i 3 X 4 inches wide: come in black, white, pleated ruffles t with extra dust ruffle. Reg-
U Pink and blue. Fine for neck and hair; worth ular $1.50 value.
I ioc a yard. Special. WOMEN'S SUITS.
I HANDKERCHIEFS. $9.45 $12.45 $1 7.45 Women's hand-
I r 5P F fe«^ h qg^& fin t,i KgBipSa
I borders and lace corners. Regular 8 i ;3 c others trimmcd pretti j y w *j th braid> These are *
' roocirT covers rarc bar * ait «- ¦
I CORSET COVERS. x WASH SILKS.
I 2 1C l^cligSblie^ trm^ 25c and 35C a iS rd-Nc ||gg|
with lace or embroidery. All sizes. Worth 35c. son . s latcst .ffectl ThSciSot^e had Ia£
;>; i CHILDREN'S UNDERWEAR. , on at this price. Regular 38c and 50c
21c a garment — Odd lines of children's un- qualities,
derwear, consisting mostly of fleece- VELVETEENS.
lined, ribbed goods. Nearly all cream, but 38c a yard— TQ-day we place another lot
some gray. Small and large sizts. Sold reg- of velveteens«(same as sold on Mon-t
ularly at 35c and 50c a garment. day) on special sale. Worth 50c and 60c a yard.
I ALtVAYS RELIABLE j [I
/* 1238- 1250 MARKET STo&s | 1
_^^_____A£Y55^?^^[^: ' ..... .
If /sfP^^^^Sfe^ A MILLION AMERICAN NURSINol
H ifi3SA^wP*$S?^ MOTHERS koep themselves and their ba- B
1 fi&VSffife* A fo^JC^M bi <>° in splendid health with C ASO ARETS g
m Oand y Cathartic. The wonderful things R
£ CASOARETS do for mamas and their B
m f^v^wa^^ *^^|SrW 1 b abios have become known through the w .
i! <v words of those who have tried them, ||
ll '^ly "Vjfc f$'W and 6O the Bale is now over A- MILLION U
M K W T^^^j^^BOXES AMONTH. Mama takes a O AS- if
Pi]r '^v^ Ir^iffi CARET, baby gets the benefit. The sweet, M
H/ l^'^p^J^'^ palatable tablet, eaten by the nursing: |
H. 1 jj»^^ mother, regulates her, system, increases E
h| ¦' ' gs^i_y^ her flow of milk, and makes her milk mild? Sj
n n^*^ • Purfirative.-. Baby gets the effect di- |
§ fiTv . . - " . luted and as part of its natural food:— no pj
2 "" l^>v-^ violence — no danger — perfectly natural g
!! i*T^~ • results. No more sour curds in B
fei < 3? V 'S^ baby's stomach, no more "wind colic, if
H '-'"^S-.'-^'s. / c^y^ \ oramps, convulsions, worms, rest- H
H " > "-'v.V}Jy v J lees nigrhts. A.U drugrarists, 1 Oc, 25o, H
|£ r -' -'jX.- (j ¦rfsT'^'—'^y fine. Never sold in bulk. Genuine R
H ~ . iy^*^~_j~~ tablet stamped O O O. Sample if
m ., vw*«w_ /\\ and booklet free Address g
1 feeTsTgood!" V^IL JS STERLING- REMEDY CO., I
w " \ ¦^^-__ r3 riffg^F Chicago or New York. ||
I ANNUAL SALE— TEN MILLION BOXES 1
|^ ; , Greatest in tho World ««/iOAKEAOT? RACETRACK — TUESDAY. Jan. 26. 1904. — Weather fine. Track faat.
C840. FIRST RACE— Futurity course; gelling; 4-year-oldg and up; value to flrat. <325.
I^ dex | Horse and Owner. ' Wt St. & . ftl %. Str. Fin. Jockey. OJT CK
?J^| *?y Surprise, 4 (Mounee) 05 1 4 ... 2 2 1 2^1 1%1 n Hlldebrand 2 12-5
Imi6 Flyer. 4 (T. H. Ryan) 91 2 ... 7 n 5 1 2 >5 2 3 Reed 4 8
G.40 Pues In Boots. 4 (Josephs) 87 3 ... 3 % 4 >,£ 3 1 8 % Kunz 7-2 13-6
0714 Dr. Sherman. 6 (M. L. White) 100 1 ... 6 n 7 5 H 4 l>i W. Dugan.. 25 CO
ES10 Batldor. 4 OV. p. Fine) 9111 ... 8 2 8 2 7 2 5h T. Butler.. 20 40
5078 Prlestllke. 4 (Frisco Stable).. 84 8 ... 6n 6n 01 6^ Greenfield . 10 25
5.38 Rlnaldo, a (Slsklyou Stable).. 97 B ... 0 h 10 1 9 1 7 2ft Foley 10 15
5780 The Miller, a (G P. McNeil).. 100 10 ..... 12 2 11 10 2 8n Larsen 8 16
0764 Creedmore. 4 (McCpwan) . . . . 95 5 ... 1 ?i 2 2 4h 9 2'4 Connell .... 8 8.
GU4 Dandle Belle. 6 (Winter Co.). 88 12 ... 13 2 14 '11 10 3 Vandrbout 25 100
5798 Bassenzo. 5 (Walz & Co.) 99 la ... 11 %12 12 11 Ollphant .. 15 20
4C48 Sim \V, a (MeCafferty) 107 14 ... 14 13 14 12 C. Kelly... 20 25
5770 El Chihuahua, 5 (Spiers) 1»6 9 ... 4 2 3 n 8 2 13 C. Smith... 6 12
6G83 Cracko. 4 (L.. Levy) 98 7 ... 10 1%9 14 J. T. Shehn 15. 25
'Time— :24^. :49, l:10Va. At post 5 minutes. Off at 2:17 Surprise, place. 6-5; show, 8-5.
Flyer, place, 3; show, 8-5. Puss, show, 1-2. Winner, b, g. by Florist-Katie O.
Trained by W. Calne. Start good. Won in drive of four. Winner played tn good racing
luck. Flyer should have won. Fus« In Boots better In th« mud. Dr. Sherman ran a
good race. Creedmore is also a better mud performer. El Chihuahua onit^
5847. SECOND RACE— Seven furlongs; Belling; 3-year-oMs; value to nrst. $325.
Index Horse and Owner. w Wt St. *i! \i- ??• Str. Fin. . Jockey. Op! ClT
5764 Atwood (C. T. Hemlngray) . . 107 2 11*412 1 ltfl 2^1 2% J. Jones.. .. C 9-2
(5814) The Cure (W. Fisher) 102 4 4 3 4 4 4 4 2 % 2 1H Larsen 1 7-5
5595 Instructor (Boota & Co.) 107 3 S 2^42 n 2 1J/J3 n 3h C* Kelly... 8 10
5S26 Ethel Abbott (Mrs. Miller).. 97 1 2 1^3 1&3 14 0 4 4 Hildebrand 0-2 18-5
(S800) Scherzo 'Pueblo Stable) 108 5 6n 5n 6 2^5 4 5 8 J. Daly 5 8
KS03 Dorlce (O. Schrelbtr) 97 8 t> B 6 6 0 |Kuns 15 30
Time— :23. :48^, 1:14. 1:2814. At poet 1 mlnut* . Off at 2:41. Atwood. place. 6-5; show,
3-5. Cure, place, 1-2; show. out. Instructor, - show. 1. Winner, ch. c. by Alntree-
Izabel II. Trained by C. J. Casey. Start good. Won ridden out. Second handily.
Third driving hard. Winner bid up from $500 to $1200; retained. Atwood was never in
terfered with by anything but the atmosphere. Larsen apparently imagined he was riding
In the Thornton stake The Cure was best. Ethel Abbott could not make It. Scherzo
ran poorly. Dorice a mudlark.
JS848. THIRD RACE— Futurity course; selling; 4-year-olds and up; value to first. $325.
Index Horse and Owner. Wt St. »i . \T- *i. Str. Fin. Jockey, i Op. cT.
67G0 Nullah, a (G. S. McKenzle).. 100 1 ... 2 h 2 »; 3 lVil «i Kunz 8 9
5822 Illlctma, 5 (W. S. Robb) 100 5 ... 1 % 1 % 1 1>42 1^ Larsen 3 0
5044 iBrennus. 4 (S. Judge) 94 8 ... 3 h 4 n 2 % 3 % lOHphant .. 6 5
<C738) Algaretta. a <J. A. Murray).. 96 « ... 6n fln C2 4 IV, C. Sillth... 8 6
G803 Rollick. 6 (M.' Jones) 102 9 ... 9 5 9 2 4 ij 6 n Hildebrand 3 18-5
5803 Mountebank, a (Keating) 107 2 ... 5 «J IS 1?H 1 6 2 J. Martin.. 4 6
C71C Alice Carey. 4 (F. H. Bell).. 93 7 ... 7 Vj 7 2 8 2 7 4 Travers ... 10 12
6764 Goddess of Night 6 (Parks). . 100 4 ... 4 1 , S h 5 1 8 8 W. Dugan.. 15 20
Ecome a (D F Blakeman).. 110 .3 ...10 10 10 9 <J Haack 50 100
5S10 Rustic Girl. 6 (Fitzgerald).... | 97 10 ... 8 5 8 9 1 10 Connell.... « 10
Time — :24. :48. 1:10'^. At post 2% mlnute». Off at 3:06^. Nullah, place. 3; «how. 8-5.
Ulctma. place 2; show. 1. Brennus, show. Is Winner, b. m. by Alntree-Lady Au
gusta. Trained by A. C. Rldey. Scratched — Olendennlng, Lady Bimbo. Start good.
Won Jn a drive of three. Ulctma, the "Seattle Interurban," was transformed from a
coal to an oil burner. Seventeen rods from the depot she blew out an exhaust valve,
cr the result might have been different. B rennus was cut off once or twice or he might
have landed. Rollick away poorly. Mountebank could have done better, maybe. Throw
out this race of Rustic Girl. ~
RS41>. FOURTH RACK — One and a sixteenth miles; purse; 3-year-olds and up: to first, $325.
Index Horse and Owner. WtlSt. 'i . yT. % . Str. Fin. I Jockey. Op. Cl.
(MRS) Mendon, 3 (Dayton & Co.) 97 3 4 1 5 I»i4 1%2 h lh Foley 4 9-2
G839 Soothsayer. 4 (Lamasney).... 102 8 8 6 ft B S 3 % 2 2% Larsen 6 7
5825 Jockey Club, 4 (W. Fisher) 110 4 2 2M..2 n 1 \<t 1 n 3 # Burns 4 5
5825 Stuyve, 5 (F. C. Lanfrman). 110 7 6 % S 1^3 14 2 4 4 Hildebrand 4 18-5
5755 Leader. 4 (Jennnlngs & Co.).. 105 1 « n 7 h 7 1 5 I}t5 6 «J. Martin.. 4 5
(5779) Ben MacDhui. 0 (P. Ryan)... U8 2 7 l 8 8 6 2 6 2»4 H. Spencer. 2 B
r.7fll jRed Cross Nurse. 3 (Brown).. »5 5 12 1 I'i2 1 >47 Ja 7 2 Kunz 15 25
fi'Ol IDungannon. 3 (Knebelkamp). .| 90 6 8n4«46%8 8 Reed ....'.. 30 50
Time — :24. :4SW, l:l*Mi. 1:89%; 1:45%. At post 1 minute. Oft at 3:2SV4- Mendon. place,
8-5; show, 4-5. Soothsayer, place, 6-2; show, G-5. Club, show, 4-5. Winner, ch. z. by
Dorlan-Pltonisa. Trained by A. F. Dayton. Start good. Won In a hard drive of two.
Third stopping. Mendon stood a hard drive. Away better Soothsayer would have
won. • Jockey Club had no excuses. Stuyve could not handle the weight. Martin on
Leader rode a .comical race. Spencer could do nothing with MacDhui. Nurse quit.
Scratched — Daisy Green. «
5SSO. FIFTH RACE— Five and a half furlongs; selling; maiden 3-yr.-old fillies; first. $325.
Index Horse and Owner. JWtlSt. &. *$. ?;. Sir. Fin. Jockey. I Op. Cl.
5703 Moalta (Bianchl & Co.)...... 1100 7 ... 6 1 4 !J 3 % Hi J. Martin | 8 10
DS34 Targette (D. S. Fountain) ..1112 8 ... 1 'J 1 1 1^21% HUdebrand 8-5 8-5
5800 Forest Fire (J. J. McCabe)... 104 10 ... 4 n 6 H-J5 1 3 2 Vanderbo't 30 60
6642 Mary Dunn (Bender & Co.).. 104 5 ... 3 2 3 1%4 n 4 n Oliphant .. 20 30
Riesca (O W. Boesecke) X . . 112 3 ... 6 3 2 '4 2 n 5 2% Cross 30 5
6762 Northwest (Clifford & Co.).. 1104 6 ... 7 1%6 % 6 1 « % Larsen 7-2 5
6743 Floriana Belle (Miller & Co.). 104 11 ... 10 4 11 8 17 2^ W. Daly .. 6 10
0650 Wistaria (Mrs. Schorr) 109 1 ... 8^8^92 8^4 Reed 8 10
ISanta Nona (8. Joaquln sta.) 117 12 ... 12 6 i) 10 2 fl 8 Haack 20 30
6S0O Morello R (Graffort & Co.... 112 2 ... 11 1 12 6 11 10 Foley ". 30 25
Red Bird (E. Slaughter) 117 4 ... 2 *i 7 2 7 '.ill 4 Spencer ... 4 8
6707 |Mae Scott <C. W. Carroll). .1100 0 ... 9 1 12 1012 15 J. Daly ... 15 13
jSlKnorlna (B. Schretber) |117 Kt ... 13 13 13 13 Burns . 10 12.
Time — :24\i, :SO%4, 1:09. At post 4% minutes. Oft at 4:01. Moalta, place. ,5; show, 5-2.
! Targette, place, 7-10; show. 1-3. Fire, show, 12. Winner, ch. f. by Altamax-Moder* H.
Trained by O. A. Blanchl. Scratched— War Times. Start good. Won In a haid drive
of • two. Third easily. Targette again tired, being outgamed by winner. Mary Dunn
will win some day. Riesca a red-hot one. Northwest can do better. Red Bird will
win with some weight off.
5851. SIXTH RACE — Six furlongs; selling; 4-year-olds and up: value to first, $325.*
Index! Horse and Owner. IWt St. V* . \->. 9i. Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
5824 Jane Holly. 5 (J. C. Yeager).. 89 3 ... 4 «4 4 2^2*^ 1 % Hildebrand S 8
T.741 Sad Sam, 6 (IL Green) 105 1 ... 16 lli 13 2 2^ Sherwood . 4-5 13-20
(5S24) Mocorito, a (T. Wellman) 102 2 ... 6 2«£5 2»A4 1 3 *i J. Martin.. 5 6
•5430 E M. Brattain, 5 (J. D. Mlllln) 102 5 ... 3 2 3 2 3 1^4 IJ/j Kunz 5 6
5750 St. Winifrlde, 4 (Painter) 103 7 ... 64 67 66 58 Larsen 15 60
5824 Sterling Towers, 5 (Stockton S) 98 4 ... 2 n 2 h 6 2 6 1 Foley 20 40
432G Mr Farnum. A (McCafferty). . 98 6 .... 7 25 < 25 7,25 7 20 Connell ... 100 600
3683 Master Cal. 6 (Klatnmacher). 112 8 ... S 8 8 8 \V. Xarv'ez 200 1000
•flmp "23% :47%i 1:12V''. At post 7'4 minutes. Oft at 4:34. Jane Holly, place, 2; show,
7-10 Sad Sam, place", 1-3; show, out. Mocorito, show, 1-3. Winner, ch. m. by Slelpner-
Sena Royal Trained by R. Campbell. Scratched— Double Six. Start bad. Won in a
hard drive. Second stopping. Third driving. Sad Sam beat his fteld away three or four
lengths. Too much early use was made of him and he backed when Jane Holly collared
him. Mocorito ran to form. E. M. Brattain tired chasing Sad Sam. *Los Angeles num
ber 5C65. .
"Bridge Whist," "Five Hundred" and
all other tally cards, "Military Euchre,"
"Flinch," "Panic," "Pit" and all the new
backs in Congress Playing Cards. San
born, yail & Co., .741 Market, -, *
JACKSON. Jam 26. — While prying a
slab of ore from the hanging wall in
one of the stopes at the 1200-foot level
in the Zeile mine at this place this
afternoon John Sllva, a miner, was
caught between the falling rock and
one of the posts of the set of timbers
and instantly killed. It seems that he
had considerable trouble in getting the
ore loose,' but it proved less insecure
than he calculated. He leaves a wife
and family. — '~J-
Falling Ore Kills a Miner.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Jan. 26.—
Deputy Sheriff T. McFadden took the
alleged robber of the Wells-Fargo ex
press car to a photograph gallery to
day and had his likeness taken. The
man made vigorous objection.
The officers here confirm the reports
regarding the suspect's name being
Walter . McGuire. W. S. Templeton,
formerly a Southern Pacific mechanic
here, but now master mechanic on the
North Shore line at Sausalito, recog
nized the picture and ' remembered
meeting the man when in Guatemala a
few years ago, where Templeton and
McGuire were both employed, Mc-
Guire as an engineer.
TAKIXG A PHOTOGRAPH
DISPLEASES A PRISONER
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 20,—The Los
Angeles Pacific Railroad Company to
day bought from Abbott KInney and
the Huntington-Harriman syndicate for
$340,000 the Los Angeles, Ocean Park
and Santa Monica Railroad, being a
thirteen-mile line connecting Los An
geles with Ocean Park and Santa
Monica. Eight miles of this line is un
der trackage. Mr. Kinney's share of
the purchase price was $240,000, the
.Huntington-Harriman share 560,000, all
of which was paid in stock of the Los
Angeles Pacific at a dollar above par.
This deal means that a competing line
between Los Angeles and Santa Monica
jv'ill not be operated.' - - — -• -i_
Railway Sale In Los Anseles.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Jan. 2S.
In the first of the series of inter-class
baseball games played here to-day the'
freshman team defeated the sopho
mores by a score of 10 to 8. The
game"; ended in a rush for the posses
sion of the ball, in which more than
200 underclass men participated. No
one was injured in the scrimmage.
Baseball at Stanford.
OAKLAND, Jan. 26. — The tennis
clubs of Alameda County have ar
ranged to hold a tournament on the
courts of the East Oakland Tennis
Club on Washington's birthday. The
tournament will be in both singles and
doubles and all entries must be made
not later than the evening of Feb
ruary 19.
Clubs Arrange Tennis Tourney.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 26. — James A.
Hart, president of the Chicago Na
tional Baseball Club, who, with Ban
Johnson, president of the American
League, and . Xed Hanlon of the
Brooklyn National League Club, has
been chosen to meet the representa
tives of the Pacific Coast Baseball
League in an effort to induce that or
ganization to join the National Asso-*
ciation of Baseball Leagues, has ar
rived here .on his way to San Fran
cisco, Avhere the conference will be
held.
James A. Hart in Los Angeles.
The Supervisors' Printing Commit
tee yesterday decided to prepare
specifications and invite bids on next
Tuesday for the printing of a pamph
let explanatory of the proposed bond
issue for free distribution. The pamph
let will contain the several ordinances
relating to the bond issue, the City
Engineer's reports on the same and
such other information as will prove
of interest to the taxpayers and those
contemplating the purchase of bonds.
The committee ordered the prepara
tion of a resolution directing the clerk
to advertise a ' notice inviting sealed
proposals for doing the official adver
tising for the year commencing Apsll
1, 1904, and ending March 31, 1905.
The petition of the Fire Commis
sioners that certain frames be bought
to contain the rules and regulations of
the department, to be placed in fire
houses and theaters, was re-referred
to the commission, as the Finance
Committee declines to take the money
j for the purpose out of the urgent ne
j cesslty fund.
Supervisors* Printing Committee Pre
pares to Invite Proposals for Do
ing City's Official Advertising.
WILL ISSUE PAMPHLET
OS COMING BOXD ISSUE
Entertainment Including: Tableaux
and Scottish Songs Given at Na
tive Sons' Hall.
Clan Fraser No. 78, Order of Scot
tish Clans, celebrated the one hun
dred and forty-fifth anniversary of the
birth of Robert Burns at Native Sons'
Hall last night. Chief T. A. Munro
welcomed the guests and Rev. J.
George Gibson spoke eloquently re
garding Scotland's . famous poet.
Burns, he said,' rose from a lowly po
sition to a high one, and if people had
been as anxious to discover his vir
tues as his faults the world would
have a different impression of him.
The programme was as follows:
Overture. Falrgrelve's Orchestra.
Address of welcome. Chief T. A. Munro
Bagpipe selection. Pipers I. S. R. Tevendale
R. McD. Murray, A. Ross.
Quartet— (a) "Ye Banks and Braes," (b)
"Duncan Gray," Mrs. Susie H. Mark, Miss M
Judson, FranX Onslow, L. A. Larsen.
Solo — "Loeh Lomond," Mrs. Susie Hert Mark
Solo — (a) "There Wai a La<l Was Born In
Kyle," (b) "Af ton Water." "Frank Onslow
Oration — "Robert Burns," Rev. J. George
Gibson.
' (a) Tableaux and choral representation of
Scots Wna Hae, (b) tableaux and choral repre
sentation of the departure of Bonnie Prince
Charlie, one hundred clansmen In costume *
Solo— (a) "A Highland Lad My Love Was
Born." (b) "Robin Adalr" Miss Mignon Judson.
Tableaux — (a) "Caller Herrln," solo by Mrs
Susie. Hert Mark; (b) representation of an
every Way scene at New Haven, members of
Lady Lovat Lodge, Ladies' Auxiliary.
Solo— (a) "Gae Bring tae Me a Pint o*
Wine," (b) "A Man's a Man for a' That," L.
A. Larsen. j
Tableaux — Characteristic representation of
"Auld Lang Syne."
PROBABLE WXKNEBS.
First race— Homily, Ziabelllta, Lady
Wadsworth.' •*" . :. ,
Second race — Golden Idol, Edith .Vice,
Elba.
Third race— Velma Clark, Tlanenr, XII
Piloto.
rourth race— Oold Money, . Waiwift,
O'Hatren. '.
: Pif th race— Waterspout, Bombardier,
Ebony.
'Sixth race — Byronerdale, Carilee,
Atwie.. -Mm, -
6790 'Angle- (Capp & Co.) 85
: 5R69 »G. W. Trahern (Kentucky stable) .. 95
(5790)»Byronerdale (Crane) ..../ 100
.6838 'Achilles (McCabe & Co.) ...103
Ex-Congressman Julius Kahn has
received a letter from Hon. C. H.
Keep, Assistant Secretary of the
Treasury, stating that goods may be
withdrawn from bonded warehouses
without 'the payment of duty for ship
ment to Guam. This reverses the
ruling of the Treasury Department
made November 20, 1901, prohibiting
shipments out of bond to Guam, Tu
tuila and the Philippines on the
ground that the islands are under the
jurisdiction of the United States and
that exports from bond could only be
made to foreign countries.
On March 8, 1902, Congress passed
the Philippine act, which extended
the privilege of exporting goods from
bond to the Philippines. Now the
Treasury Department has extended
the privilege to Guam and will doubt
less, if application is made therefor,
extend the same privilege to Tutuila.
This privilege does not, however,
embrace the shipment of goods for
drawback, nor with remission of in
ternal revenue tax. It applies only to
imported foreign merchandise in
bonded warehouse. ; >
Treasury Department Decides That
Foreign Merchandise May Be
Exported Without Duty.
BONDED GOODS MAY BE
SHIPPED FREE TO GUAM
CLAX FRASER HONORS
THE MEMORY OF BURNS
The handicap over eighteen holes
against "bogey" set down for the ladies
of tl.~ San Francisco Golf Club did not
take place yesterday morning. Many
of the ladies had been at the Cafe
Chantant the previous evening and few
of them felt ready for a hard tramp
around the links yesterday morning.
- At a meeting of the cou.-jil of the
San Francisco Golf Club, held on Sun
day in the clubhouse the committees
for the season of 1904 were announced.
The council is made up as follows:
Captain J. S. Oyster, president; R. D.
Girvin, secretary-treasurer; H. M.
Hoyt, Dr. J. R. Clark and R. J. "Woods.
J. W. Byrne, H. A. Blackman and Dr.
J. R. Clark are on the green commit
tee. The house committee consists of
H. A. Blackman, Warren Gregory and
R. I. Bentley. The tournament com
mittee is made up of A. S. Lilley, Dr.
J. R. Clark, F. H. Beaver and Miss
Edith Chesebrough. S. L. Abbot Jr. is
captain, while Miss Edith Chesebrough
is captain of the ladies' club.
Toadies' Handicap Against "Bogey"
Does Not Take Place on the
Presidio Links.
GOLF CLUB PRESIDENT
ANNOUNXES COSIMITTEES
A motion was then made by Grady
that the court reporter be instructed
to transcribe all the testimony taken
in the case, the transcript to be used
by him at the hearing of his applica
tion for a writ of habeas corpus for
Garnett's release before Judge Cook
on February S. The' Judge promptly
denied the motion. Grady took an ex
ception and made another motion that
the reporter be instructed to trans
cribe the testimony on his motion to
set aside the information. The Judge
declined to pass upon this and Drady
took an exception.
Grady concluded his argument be
fore Judge Lawlor yesterday morning
on his motion to set aside the infor
mation on numerous techmcal
grounds and at the reauest of the Dis
trict Attorney a continuance was
granted till Saturday to enable him to
answer the points advanced by de
fendant's counsel.
Advantage is being taken by Attor
ney \V. D. Grady of every technical
ity to delay the trial of Alexander B.
Garnett, charged with the murder of
Major J. W. McClung in the apart
ments of Mrs. Lillian Hltehcock-Coit
at the Palace Hotel.
structed to Transcribe All Tes
timony In Case Not Granted.
Request That Court Reporter Be In-
MOTIONS OF GARNFTTT'S
ATTORNEY ARE DENIED
Xcir Orleans Race Results.
N'ETV ORLEANS, Jan. 26.— Crescent City re
f-u'.ts:
First race, ore mile and seventy yartii —
'I\cval» won, John K. Owens, second, Over
l-.and third. Time. 1:47 4-5.
Second race, one mile ar.d seventy yards —
Falkland won. McW'illiams second, Ora Mc-
Kimiey third. Time. 1:47.
Third race. Fix fur-lens? — MaJster won. Clan
gor second. New York third. Time. l:in2-5.
Fourth race, or.c mile, handicap — Port Royal
won Bonrcot F^cond, Tribe's Hill third. Time,
3 4O3-5.
F"ifth race, one and three-Quarter miles,
*»Ilin8 — Stonewall won. Major Mansir eecond,
Vryuvia third Time. 3:01 4-5.
Sixth rae«\ one mile — I^ittl* Scout wen. Lura
Lighter recond. Ostrich third. Time, l:S9 4-5.
PLEASANTOX WILL UAYJZ
SPRING RACING MEETING
Arranirwnents Being Madr for Four
Days of Sport and a Live-
stock Exhibit.
PLEASAXTOX, Jan. 26. — A four
days* race meet and stock fair will be
held a.t Pleasanton shortly. Although
the date has not been decided upon,
a partial programme has been pre
pared and the officers who will have
< harge of the meet have been elected.
The officers are: President. C. L.
Ctellin; vice president,' X. Hansen;
secretary, F. E. Adams; treasurer,
Bank of Pleasanton.
President Crellin has appointed the
following committees:
Executive — George A. Davis, A. F.
Schweer, A. S. Olney, G. A. Kelley,
James Sutherland, C. L. Crellin, W. H.
Donahue, F. E. Adams, secretary.
This committee -will have general
charge of the arrangements and will
act as programme and entry commit
tee.
Soliciting 1 — N. Hansen, A. S. Olney,
A. H. Bernel, Frank Lewis, F. E. Ad
&mi.
Advertising — F. E. Adams, W. H.
Donahue, A. F. Schweer.
During the four days' racing stakes
amounting to 52S00 will be decided.
The stakes so far announced are: 2:20
pace, $1000 purse; 2:24 trot, $1000
purse, and three-year-old tr,ot, $800
purse.
Warrants Out fop Arrest of Two Men
for Grand larceny by Trick
and Dericc.
Metzger & Franklin, the lottery
firm, has instituted criminal proceed
ings against E. F. Holmes and H.
Schubach, the two men who succeeded
in securing aN check from them last
Friday for $7500 on an alleged bogus
coupon. Holmes, who came from St.
Louis, engineered the scheme, and it is
said Schubach, whom he met on the
train, was used by Holmes to assist
him without Schubach being aware of
the fact that everything was not In
order.
Yesterday M. C. O'Connor. 42 Sec
ond street, an employe of Metzser &
Franklin, swore to complaints before
Police Judge Conlan charging Holmes
and Schubach with the crime of grand
larceny by trick and device. Holmes
did not leave the city and defied the
lottery man and police when a de
mand wa3 made upon him to refund
his share of the money, part being: in
coin and part in a draft on New York.
Schubach went to Los Angeles, but
upon learning that there was a dispute
about the transaction returned here
voluntarily, arriving yesterday. After
consuiting with his attorney, S. M.
Shortridge, Schubach surrendered to
the police and was immediately re
leased on ball. Schubach says he is
innocent of any wrong, and the facts
indicate that, too.
Schubach was arrested last night by-
Patrolman Fontana on Market street
on a charge of grand larceny and sub
sequently released on a $10,000 bond,
furnished by an indemnity company.
A six months' cruise will decrease th«
speed of a ship 16 per cent. This i>
owing to the barnacles that gather on
the hull.
OAKLAND, Jan. 26. — The contest
between Jack Cordell and Charlie
Seiger, which has been postponed
twice, will take place to-morrow night
at the Reliance Club gymnasium. The
men will meet at 135 pounds and will
box fifteen rounds.
The reason of the last postpone
ment was the inability of Seiger to
make the weight in time. When it
was found he could not possibly get
down to 133 pounds Cordell offered
to give away two pounds, but even
this was too much for Seiger, so the
contest had to be postponed. Seiger
is at the required weight.
Cordell and Selger to Meet.
LOTTERY MEN INSTITUTE
CRI3UXAL PROCEEDINGS
It is expected that further develoo
ment.of the sport will result In benefit
to this State, as some of the best ponies
have been bred here and the supply at
present falls far short of the demand.
In discussing the advantages which
this State will derive from the develop
ment of polo Secretary T. A. Driscoll
said yesterday:
"If our plans carry a large number
of wealthy people will be attracted to
California each winter, many of whom
may become permanent residents, and
all of whom will be liberal money
spenders. They are sure to become ad
vocates of the superior climatic ad
vantages of California. Wherever they
go they will sing its praises and they
will be persons whose opinion counts
for something. It can readily be seen
that all this will be of tremendous ad
vantage to the State in the way of ad
vertising its attractions."
The first big meet of the new asso
ciation will be held at Del Monte from
February 18 to 22, there being polo and
pony racing on alternate days. The
scene will then be shifted to Bur
lingame, where sports will be promoted
from February 27 to 29. The Inter
national polo tournament will be com
menced at Burlingame on March 12.
If the Golden Gate Park Commis
sioners find it within their power to
provide a suitable field for the poloists
the game will be played in this city
once a week. The clever horsemen of
the Burlingame Country Club are play-
Ing a brilliant game th:s season and
whenever they appear the contest will
be worth witnessing.
The »offlcers of the California Polo
and Pony Association are: Charles W.
Clark, president: Francis J. Carolaa,
first vice president; Rudolph Spreckels,
second vice president; Thomas A. Dris
coll, secretary; R. M. Tobin, treasurer.
The directory consists, in addition to
the foregoing, of E. W. Boseke, Charles
E. Maud, John L.. Colby. Robert L.
Bettner, L.. H. Dudley and Joseph S.
Tobin.
The officers of the California Polo
and Pony Racing Association have am
bitious plans, which, if they are car
ried out, will make this coast the home
of winter polo and of pony racing. They
are urged on by the remarkable interest
shown in polo this year as evidenced
by the number of European players
who have made a pilgrimage to this
coast and by the large number of spec
tators which have witnessed the games
each week at Burlingame.
Hanlon is attending strictly to busi
ness at Alameda and expects to be
able to go at any pace Broad may set,
whether it is boxing or slugging.
There has been no betting on the
fight up to the present time, but from
the inquiries being made it is thought
Hanlon will open an 8 to 10 choice.
There is not the same magic in the
name of Broad that there is in that of
Champion Young Corbett, so the man
from New Orleans will be on the Ions
end apparently throughout all the bet
ting.
A number of sporting men are going
out to Broad's quarters at the beach
to-day to Bee him in action. He prom
ises to take on any apptring boxers who
may appear.
"You watch me drop him."
Kid Broad, who seems to • be the
humorist of the prizering-, although hla
face i3 marked with tragedy, spent a
busy day yesterday. He is preparing
for hig bout with Eddie Hanlon on Fri
day night at Sheeh'an's Beach Tavern.
He went a long journey on the road
yesterday morning, boxed with Cyclone
Kelly In the afternoon and was at work
in the gymnasium again last night.
He is paying particular attention to
his breathing apparatus, as his muscles
of iron need but little tuning up.
The lure has been held out to him
that if he beats Hanlon he can have
a match with Corbett next month.
When he was told this he said:
<.» I.ewiFl 2 to 1. second; Martin Brady. 94
(.T. Booker*. 10 to 1. third. Time. 1:55. Elue
ridsre. El Orient** and Glenrice alro ran.
Sixth race, ?lauson course, pellir.p — Fir Hugh.
1<i4 <Itedfern). even, won; Cardwellton, 107
if>onovan), !» to 2. .fecond; Rosebud. 1C5
i Prior). 20 to 1. third. Time. 1:12. I>omse
Moinlng. Suf=i<" Christian. Educate. Jud^e
Napton. Lonrtseer, Almoner. 13ouble O. Ilom
apr, M:5S Nettie and Katherir.e Kr.r.is also ran.
PSrrt rac». cme mile, celling— Autumn Time,
102 (.Donovan), 10 to I. won; Jingler, 107 (An
derson) 8 to 1, second; Mainspring, V*T (E.
Walsh), 15 to 1. third. Time. 1:«H- Brown
Prince. Nina B L. Honduran, Profitable. Nat
Goodwin. Pingr. Pchwarzwald, Emir and Dr.
IW-rnays also ran. l>eeal Maxim left.
Second rsce. three furlongs, selling — Brown
i-"tudy. 98 <K. Walfh). 4 to J. won; Azeline. Ill
«.T. Boland). <3 lo 5. second; Bishop Poole. 107
• Redftrn), 5 to 2. third. Time. :36^. Harry
Stephens. Light of Day ard Hilona also ran.
Third rare mile and a furlong, hurdle hand
icap— May S. 12.'. (Tully). 40 to 1, won; Phil
Archibald. 362 (Archibald). 21* to 1. second;
Heir Apparent. L30 (Sutherland}. t> lo 2. third.
Time. l!:O4. ¦ All About. Cambaceres. Goldone
«n<i Hub Prather also ran.
' FVrarth race, Slauson course, celling: — Effer
vcacence. iV2 (Knapp). 4 to 1, «-on; Eugpnle
H fC> CE. Walsh). S to T>. second: Laureatea,
](!:> <J. L*wis», 4 to 1. third. Time. 1:11%.
Mfteora. MarAr.a. Military, Nona 13. Gottlieb^n
¦sind I^ady Fcr.se also ran.
fifth rat-*>. one and an eighth miles, filing —
Moor, KM <Buxton>, 12 *o 1. won; Ultruda. 104
SUMMARY.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 26.— Long shots
had another inning at Ascot Park to
day and but one favorite got first
money. Autumn Time started the ball
rolling: by taking the first race at. 10
to 1 from Jingler, Mainspring being
third. There were fourteen horses in
the race and the start was bad. Dr.
Bernays, the redhot favorite, failed to
get to the front at any 6tage.
Brown Study won the two-year-old
flash frcm Azelina, the favorite, with
Bishop Poole third. Brown Study cov
ered the three furlongs In 36'4 seconds,
lowering the track record by a quarter
of a second.
The one and an eighth miles hurdle
race furnished a surprise. May S win
ning at odds of 40 to 1. Phil Archibald
was second and Heir Apparent third.
Cambaceres was favorite, but was not
prominent in the running.
The fourth went to Effervescence at
4 to 1, Eugenie B, the favorite, wan
second and Laureatea third.
The fifth looked like an open race and
Ultruda was made favorite. El Orlente,
Glenrice and Blueridge were heavily
played. The winner turned up in Moor
at 10 to 1, Ultruda second and Martin
Brady third. Weather fine; track good.
SALEM. Or., Jan. 26.— A dispute as to
the right to possess the famous pacing
stallion Diablo, valued at $5000. cul
minated to-day in the arrest of C. D.
Crookham, a prominent horseman of
San Francisco, on a charge of larceny.
Diablo was owned by "William Mur
ray, a horseman of Redlands, Cal., who
died recently. Before his death he
leased the stallion to Samuel Castro, a
stockman well known in Oregon. Upon
his death title to the animal passed to
his widow. She has refused to recognize
the lease, and following a lengthy cor
respondence Crookham came to Salem
to-day and demanded possession of the
horse upon an order signed by Mrs.
Murray. Upon being refused he went
to the fair grounds, broke open Dlablo"a
stable and took away the horse. The
arrest followed before the animal could
be shipped away, and Crookham was
released on his own recognizance until
to-morrow morning, when he will be
tried before Justice Horgan. Attorneys
have been employed on both sides and
a warm contest is expected. The whole
question apparently hinges upon the
right of Castro to hold the horse under
his lease.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
A Big Gathering of Players Is
Expected at Del Monte for
Five Days in Next Month
It Is Expected the Californian
AVill Be an 8 to 10 Choice
When 'Wagering' Begins
Brown Study Wins the Two-
Year-Old Event at Ascot Park,
Lowering the Track Record
Sixth race — One and a sixteenth miles; four
year-olds and up; selling:
5678 St. Rica (Atkins) 100
6718 Carilee (Appleby & Co.) 08
5810 Idogo (Rafour) ....... 100
6788 Alta Peggy (San Joao,uin stable)..'.., 98
Fifth race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds;
selling:
5801 •Pachuea (Napa stock farm) ..85
5814 'Coroner Kelley- (Bender & Co.) 105
5469 George Berry ( Bottger & Co. )........ 1 05
6144 Homeric (Bennett) .110
5739 Bombardier (Skinner) ........102
6607 Ebony (Hamilton stable) ......; 110
5631 "Waterspout (Smith) 1. ?»...... ltt!
6670 'Toltec (University stable) ......100
Fourth race— One mile; three-year-olds and
up: handicap:
(5741)Gold Money (Jennings & Co ..109
4654 Enherln (Schorr) 08
6K13 O'Hagen (Bender & Co.) 98
5S25 Martinmas (Henshall) 106
(5801)Waswlft (Yeager) ui
Third race — Seven furlongs; three-year-olds
and up; selling:
5777 Pat Morrissey (Wellman) .......105
4726 •Decoy (Miller) 87
5822 Constellator (Keating & Co.).. 108
(5718)Leash (Levy) .¦ 100
5812 Marello (Quinlan) 105
5786 'First Chip (Fitzgerald) .' 100
5815 *Flaneur .J00
6728 *E1 Piloto (Hoag) ............. 100
5840 Flyer (Ryan) 09
5777 •Hellaa (Creely) ; 07
(6728)*Velma Clark (MeAlester) ......101
6822 'Cousin Carrie (Burger) 98
6848 'Nullah (McKenzle) 101
Second race— Three and a half furjongs; two
year-olds; purse:
.... LHllan Ayers (Burns & Waterhouse).,109
FhEt Tenor-Juanlta.
5715 Elba (Jennings) 106
B823 Mary Pepper (Miller) 106
Only Jlmmle (Washoe Stable).... -....112
Scarborough-Swift.
5691 Morlta (Napa Stock Farm) 106
5823 Kdith Vice (Blanchl & Co.) 100
562.1 Tar Baby (San Joaquln Stable)...... .103
6787 Golden Idol (Rowell) .109
First race — Seven furlongs; three-year-olds
and up; felling:
5730 Mr. Phlnizy (Blakeman) 105
E836 "Emily Oliver (Clark) 95
G&'tfl *Xorf ord (French) 100
C728 *Homlly (HenRhall) 97
f>777 Billy Moore (Rector) 102
""COSS 'Tourist II (Parks) »5
C728 'Vlrgle d'Or (McDowell) $>r»
5200 *The Toller (Jones «7
(519S)Lady Wadsworth (Ferguson) 100
5777 •Isabellita (McNamara) 02
G708 Donator (Mulholland) 102
C667 Mordente (Stoer) . 97
5CC6 'The Stewardess (Winter) 05
57f>6 Doreen (Williams) 100
Riesca, a starter in the fifth event,
was one of the hottest tips of the
meeting, being played from 40 down to
4 and 5. The mare was also heavily
played in the Chicago poolrooms. She
does not call for much.
ENTRIES FOR TO-DAY.
Atwood, winner of the second race,
was bid up from $500 to $1200 and re
tained by the stable.
Hildebrand piloted two winners.
Dell Fountain's Targette once more
finished second. The fllly was an 8
to 5 chance for the fifth number and
finished second to Moalta. a 10 to 1 shot,
with Jack Martin up. Forest Fire, at
60 to 1, ran into the show, and if away
better could possibly have won.
NOTES OF THE TRACK.
Milt Jones' Rollick, favorite for the
Futurity course sprint, was never
prominent and ran unplaced. Ulctma,
a 5 to 1 chance, with Larsen up,
breezed along out in the lead, but
"dogged" it when nabbed by Nullah
and was downed nearly a length.
Brennus ran a close third.
There Mas some semblance to class
among the starters in the mile and a
sixteenth purse run, and it furnished
the prettiest contest of the afternoon.
The race had a most open look, and
when Stuyve finally closed favorite
there was plenty of 18 to 5. Ben Mac-
Dhui, the opening choice, receded from
2 to 5. Tommy Burns, with Jockey
Club, made a bold bid for it, the geld
ing leading to the paddock almost be
fore flashing distress signals. There
he was passed by both Mendon and
Soothsayer, the former getting a head
decision. The winner closed at odds
of 4*6 to 1.
XULIiAII BEATS ULCTMA.
If a bookmaker could not win yes
terday he should try farming or some
other vocation. After the win of My
Surprise in the first event the five fol
lowing favorites all took the count.
My Surprise started for the first
time in the colors of his new owner,
J. X. Mounee, and made good first
rattle out of the box. Hildebrand had
the leg: up and the gelding closed equal
favorite with Puss in Boots. Creed
more led for a quarter, when My Sur
prise took the lead, and, in a hard
drive, beat Flyer a neck on the wire.
Puss in Boots was kept busy beating
DV. Sherman, a 60 to 1 shot, for the
show.
. Possibly Atwood was best of the six
starters in the seven-furlong selling
recital for three-year-olds. That is a
matter of conjecture: At any rate,
Jimmy Jones, who rode the colt, was
allowed to cut out his own pace and
he was ridden out in 1:26%. Behind
followed The Cure, the 7 to 5 favorite,
astride which Larsenirode a ridiculous
race. Instead of crowding on sail and
making up his ground gradually, he
waited until the head of the stretch
was reached before it struck him At
wood might win, and then he grew
busy. Instructor finished third and
Ethel Abbott fourth.
FIVE FAVORITES IX)SE.
Sadness and gloom were depicted
on the features of every Oregon and
¦Washington sport after the last race
yesterday at Oakland. Sad Sam, the
"idol of the bushes," a 13 to 20 favor
ite, was beaten by Jane Holly.
If Joe Yeager knew the anguish the
victory of his mare caused he would
probably cause his name to be en
rolled as a member of the vast army
of- sympathizers. When bettlngr on
Sad Sam the speculator has a slight
"shade" to begin with. This is worm
wood and gall to a northwestern
sport — maybe.
As usual Sad Sam beat his field
away and it looked all over, for E.
M. Brattain could not get within hail-
Ing distance of him. In the stretch,
though, Ilildebrand caught him with
Jane Holly, and if the Emeryville
poundmaster had been present he
could have snapped up a dog without
a license. When Sam began to snarl
and growl Joe Yeager's mare skim
med by him, winning in the fast time
of 1:12 Vi for the six furlongs. Mo
corito was third.
FAST TIME IN BABY RACE
Validity of a Lease Is in
Question and a Salem Justice
May Have to Settle Difficulty
MEETS ARE BEING PLANNED
ARREST OF A CLAIMANT
BETTOBS FAVOR HANLON
My Surprise the Only Winning Choice at Oakland Track.
Atwood Defeats the Cure---Mendon Finishes in Front of
a Clever Field — Nullah Disposes of the Fast Ulctma
Burlingame Club Men Will Play
Once a Week in Golden Gate
Park if Ground Is Available
Beats a Big Field at Ten to
One, the Favorite, Dr. Ber
nays, Never Being Prominent
New Orleans Boxer Makes Good
Use of the Little Time He
Has in Which to Prepare
NOTED HORSE
STIRS TROUBLE
Controversy Over the Possession
of Diablo, the Pacing Stal
lion, Becomes Very Exciting
AUTUMN TIME
FOOLS BETTORS
BROAD STARTS
TRAINING WORK
SAD SAM YELPS LIKE A WILD COYOTE
AND JANE HOLLY TAKES HIS SCALP
POLOISTS SEEK
A FIELD HERE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY. JANUARY 27, 1904.
SPORTS OF THE RACETRACK AND MOVEMENTS OF THE BOXERS, ATHLETES AND POLOISTS
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
10
A TWyTP-'*' ' KT^TWgTTTpff
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Weakness in Men
A Michigan Specialist [Finds aa Easy
Way to Cure Any Case of Sexual
Weakness Even Imthe Oldest Men.
This Wonderful Cure Has a Most
Marvelous Record of Successes.
SENT FREE TO ALL WHO
APPLY IN WR1TIN0
There are thousands of cheerless homes
In this country filled with discontent and
unhappiness, lacking in love and com-
panionship through the sexual weakness
and physical Impairment of a man whose
years do not justify such a condition. In-
discretions," abuses and recklessness
often cause a temporary cessation of vi-
tal power that Instantly yields to the
wonderful treatment discovered by tha
great specialist. Dr. H. C. Raynor. of De-
troit. Michigan. It has remained for this
great physician to discover that sexual
weakness and similar troubles can ba
cured and in remarkable short spaces of
time. This treatment does not ruin the
stomach, adding the miseries such injury
entails, but it Is a new treatment that
easily and quickly restores youthful
vigor to men as old as 85.
The discovery is beyond doubt the
most scientific And comprehensive that
our attention has ever been called to.
From all sides we hear private reports of
cures in stubborn cases of sexual weak-
ness, enlargement of the prostate, vari-
cocele. spermatorrhea. lost manhood, im-
potency. emissions, prematurity, shrunk-
en organs, lack of virile power, bashful-
ness and timidity and like unnatural con-
ditions. It does this without appliances
vacuum pumps, electric belts or any-
thing of that kind.
Satisfactory results afe produced in a
day's use and a perfect cure In a short
time, regardless of age or the cause of
your condition.
The lucky discoverer,' simply desires tn
get in touch with all men who can makS
use of such a treatment. They should
address him in confidence. Dr. *L C. Ray-
no £. 177 £«c* building-. Detroit. Mich
oSh i^K£Mt el i y £? recei P t °* Tour nan,.;
and address it is his agreement with this
paper to send you a free receipt or for-
mula of this modern treatment by which
, you can cure yourself at homaT
§ i-l >¦- n «
liUJ jjjHJS
Rn 2 ¦ I i £ IB: tn %~ e '^j"Do you think the north pole will
ever be discovered?" "Sure. It's as
good as discovered already." "How
bo?" "Why, they know right where is
is. ' Nothing to do now but ko there
and run . up a flag."— Chicago News.
"I knew I could do it," exclaimed a
lunatic who lay down on the tramway
lines In Paris in order to stop the cars
"by the power of his eye." He had
stopped several by lying cm the lines
In front of them, and when the police
Interfered they were greeted with the
above remark.
Robert Miller, the famous evangel
ist of Glasgow. Scotland, is drawing
many people with his lectures on Bible
subjects. He will appear at Gospel
Hall, 303S Valencia street, at 7:45
o'clock each evening this week, except
Sturday. Mr. Miller is said to be one
of the most learned and eloquent
evangelists of Europe.
Scotch Kvangellst's liCctures.
This week 25 pr-r cr-nt reduction on
«very Mater in stock. San Krancisro Gas
and Rlectvfc Company. 415 Post street. •
John. Gaddini. a well-known dealer
in California wines, died yesterday at
his residence. 1000 Montgomery
street. • He ieaves a wife and three
< hildren.. Ernest and Olive Gaddini
*nd Jlnt-J. G. Auradoo. He was a
native of Lucca, Italy, and 52 years
.Wine Merchant I)lc>?
a trunk or a grip? If so select
fr^rn. our carload stock at our carload
pri'ps. All leather jroods.inrluding ladies'
nocketbooICB. cameras and card cases.
l<*^erod Vnrt eold frtrf »f charge. San
h»>rn, \"Ii>: A.- Co.. 7-i Market st. •
Off for a Trip?
Venersible Santa Clam Woman Dead.
SANTA CLARA, Jan. 26.— Nearly 100
years of age, the widow of two hus
bands, the mother of seven children,
with only one son left to attend to her
burial, Mrs. Mary Davis died here at
noon to-day after a short illness. She
had lived here for nearly fifty years.
Mrs. Davis was born in Ireland. Her
exact age is not known, but It is cer
tain that she was over 96 years old. She
married In Ireland, and when her hus
band died of typhoid fever sh© was left
with the seven children to care for. She
w-as evicted by her landlord, her house
hold goods were thrown into the road
and the thatched dwelling burned to
keep her from re-entering. She earned
enough money to bring hereto New
York In 1831, where she lived' for sev
eral years, w'orking and sending for her
children one at a time until all were
home. Then she . came to California
OAKLAND, Jan. 26. — Mrs. Abby M.
Warren, widow of the late Dr. O. P.
Warren, died this morning at her
home, 1651 Webster street, aged 84
years. Deceased had resided in Oak
land for the last twenty-three years
and was the mother of the late Mrs.
Addle "M. Hoogs and grandmother of
W. E. Hoogs of this city. She also
leaves three sisters, Mrs. S. S. Tilton,
Mrs. Eben Johnson and Mrs. David
Fellows, all of whom reside in San
Francisco.
Mrs. Emiline M. Hatch, wife of Hi
ram E. Hatch and mother of Mrs.
Emma H. Ryan and Fred Hatch, died
last night at her home, 119 Chase
street, at the age of 72 years.
Mrs. Teresa Harding, aged 87 years,
died yesterday at her home, 861 Ade
line street. Deceased was the widow
of August Harding and the mother of
Mrs. Henry Everding, Mrs. 'G. Rosh,
Mrs. D. Linderman and Gustave
Reinhardt and Marie Harding.
Alameda County Deaths.
Colonel Lloyd Waddell Parses Away.
NEW YORK. Jan. 26.— Colonel Lloyd
D r Waddell, who entered the Union
service at the first call for volunteers
in April, 1861, as captain of Company E,
Eleventh Illinois Ipfantry, and was ad
vanced to be colonel of that regiment,
is dead.
ago. He left a sick wife in a local
••hospital. He is the son of Henry
•Schwartz, a wealthy retired book-
residing at 1159 Octavia
street. Ells whereabouts is unknown.
'that Schwartz stole.
JScbwmrtz left the city about a week
Atihitinnt Cashier of Phoenix Savings
•ah«l- Loan Society Huns Away
With $1600.
Ab*- Schwartz, assistant cashier of
the. .. Phoenix Savings. Building and
jLojiri Association, did not, as was re
ported, decamp with several thousand
dollars belonging- to the association.
"The money taken by Schwartz was
'from the personal fund of Clarence ,
Qrange, secretary of the association, j
and dmour.ts to ?4600.
, All the moneys audited by the asso- j
cialion have to be passed on by the
auditing committee ami the check for
the amount signed by the president
and at least three directors. Money
is paid out by the association but once
a month. In order to meet the de
mands between the times when the
checks are audited Secretary Grange
and the cashier use their personal
funds to meet the obligations. It was
a itortion of Grange's personal money
CCIltV'ARTZ TAKES MONEY
: . BELONGING TO SECRETARY
Death Calls Prominent Orehardist.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 26.— William H.
Gardner, a well known orchardist
residing on the Homestead road near
this city, djed this morning after an
illness of two weeks. He was a native
of Virginia and 74 years of age. He
came to California in 1852, having
come across the plains by ox team.
Gardner followed mining until 1883,
when he, came to this county and pur
chased a home. Four grown children
survive him.
and settled in Santa Clara in 1S57, hav
ing married her second husband (Da
vis) just previous to coming here. Ap
parently hale and vigorous, she has
been able to care for herself until with
in a few weeks. During the past few
years she had lived alone in a small
house on Clevois street, where she died
to-day.
ALAMEDA, Jan. 26.— Clare, the
youngest daughter of 'Mrs. Elizabeth
L. O'Connor and the late Thomas
O'Connor, died suddenly this afiejnoon
at the family residence, 1001 *5rand
street. She had complained of feeling
ill but a few hours before her demi3e
and when her condition became alarm
ing to the members of her family three
physicians, Dr. Kate P. Van Orden, Dr.
E. M. Keys and Dr. A. A. Stafford,
were summoned, but their skill availed
naught. A post-mortem examination
made this evening disclosed the cause
of death to have been white "clots in
the right auricle and left ventricle of
the heart.
Deceased was a native of this city,
aged twelve years and nine months,
and the sister of Frank, Thomas, Amy,
Belle, Bessie and George O'Connor. Her
funeral will be held Thursday morning
at 10 o'clock from St. Joseph's Church,
where a requiem high mass will be cel
ebrated. Interment will be private In
St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
Deatli Summons Comes Quickly.
The funeral will be held at 10 a. m.
Thursday,. January 28, from St. Fran
cis de Sales Church.
Mm. Mary Canning Dies in Oakland,
Whore She Had Lived 3Iany Years.
OAKLAND, Jan. 26. — Mrs. Mary
Canning, widow of the late James
Canning, died last night at the tem
porary quarters of the Sisters of Prov
idence near the new hospital on
Broadway, where she had , made her
home since her residence on Sixteenth
street was partly destroyed by fire
peveral months ago.
The deceased was one of the oldest
residents of this city, having come
here with her husband in 18G1. After
the death of her husband, she devoted
her life to charitable work. She gave
$142,000 for the erection of SL Fran
cis de Sales Church. She recently sold
the Canning block. on. the corner of
Thirteenth and Broadway to Henry
Butters for $295,000, and at the time
of her death she owned several val
uable pieces of property.
riOXEER RESIDENT CALLED.
Senator Thomas Flint says the people
of California are in favor, of the nomi
nation of Theodore Roosevelt and that
the delegation from this State should
be pledged hard and fast for Roosevelt.
At the Union League Club last night
Senator Flint said: "I do not pretend
to keep in touch with politics in San
Francisco, but*I know the sentiment of
the people in the country. The people
believe that Roosevelt is straight and
square; that he has fought the trusts
and ought to .be nominated. This
State is normally Republican by 20,000
majority. We would probably give
Roosevelt 30,000 against any man the
Democrats could nominate. I expect
to go to the State convention. from San
Benito. County. All » the Republicans
that I have met are in favor of pledg
ing our State delegation to stand by
Roosevelt."
The Roosevelt .Republican Club,
Charles Alpers president, met at 405
Montgomery street recently and recom
mended the nomination of United
States Senator George C. Perkins for
Vice President of the United States.
A conference of the State League of
Iroquols Clubs wjll be held at Pythian
Castle In this city Monday, February
22. All Democratic clubs are invited to
send delegates. 'o^-;^V:;
For delegates at large mention is
made of James C. Needham, U. S.
Grant. John D. Spreckels, George A.
Knight, Governor George C. Pardee,
Frank H. Short, M. H. de Young, E.
B. Edson, John F. Davis and Alden
Anderson.
California will be represented in the
Republican National Convention by
twenty delegates, or four at large and
two from each Congressional district.
Harold Power of Placer, Editor Milnes
of Humboldt and C. E. Clinch of Grass
Valley are mentioned as probable can
didates in the First District. Judge A.
G. Burnett of Sonoma and Joseph
Steffans of Sacramento are spoken of
In the Second. J. J. Luchsinger of
Vallejo may be selected as one of the
delegates to represent the Third Dis
trict.
CALIFORNIA DELEGATION.
IX THE FILTH DISTRICT.
State Senator E. I. Wolfe stated yes
terday that he was not a candidate for
the Congressional nomination in the
Fifth District. The Senator remarked:
"I am not in the race for Congress,
but I expect to be a candidate for re
election to the State Senate."
The politicians would not be sur
prised if some aspirant from Santa
Clara County should be selected to
carry the Republican standard of this
district in the coming campaign. The
alignment in the Fifth is not so clearly
foreshadowed as in the Second. There
is a common impression that William
J. Wynn will not be able to bring about
a fusion of Democrats and Union La
bor men. It is predicted that Union
Labor indorsements of Democratic nom
inees will be few and far between, and
that Democratic Indorsements of Union
Labor candidates will not be equiva
lent to delivery of the goods. _
There is considerable comment in the
political camps touching the probable
selection of delegates at large and dis
trict delegates to the Republican Na
tional Convention. William M. Cutter
of Yuba, chairman of the Republican
State Committee, will probably send
out notices for the committee to meet
some time In March to issue the call
for the State convention. The chair
man asserts that the call for election of
delegates will be made to. conform to
section 1373 of the Political Code,
which provides that a primary election
shall be held on the first Tuesday of
the month of May, 1904, and every four
years thereafter for the purpose of
choosing delegates to State and district
conventions to select delegates to a na
tional convention.
Word comes from Sacramento that
Senator Robert T. Devlin, who has been
mentioned as an aspirant for the Re
publican Congressional nomination in
the Second District, is not a candidate
and will not permit his name to go be
fore the convention.
Democratic newspapers in the Second
Congressional District assert that Theo
dore A. Bell will be re-elected to Con
gress. The Willows Journal fancies
that The Call can do more toward de
feating a Democrat in San Francisco
than in the Second District. The ap
proaching contest In the Second Is,
however, engaging the attention of pol
iticians in both parties. The Repub
lican papers*of the district are quite
confident of victory in the coming fight.
Duncan E. McKinlay is spoken of as
a popular campaigner who would carry
the district against the strongest man
the Democrats could nominate. Mr.
McKinlay is not actively striving for
the Republican nomination, but if the
convention should place him in the field
as the leader of the Republican forces
he would make the battle of his life
to win out. Speaking on this topic yes
terday, Mr. McKinlay remarked:
"I am not seeking the nomination for
Congress, but I am sure I could, as the
Republican nominee, carry the district
against Theodore Bell or any \ other
Democrat. I have campaigned in the
counties of the Second District in every
election since 1890. I know every coun
ty. I worked for years at my trade in
Sacramento, and the workingmen of
that city know me. I was Invited by
the Labor Council last year to deliver
the address in Sacramento and accept
ed the invitation. In every campaign
since 1890 I have addressed big meet
ings in the Democratic strongholds of
Colusa, Yolcr and Glenn counties. If
I get the Republican nomination I will
signify readiness to meet Mr. Bell on
the rostrum in joint discussion. I know
that he is a good talker and a clever
campaigner, but I am willing to meet
him on the stump."
BERLIN, Jan. 26.— The news of the
torturing to death of Germans In
Southwest Africa, received here to-day
through British press dispatches,
caused the most painful impression
among the public. The Colonial. Office
was v.'ithout confirmation of the report,
but the statements made are not dis
credited.
Director Steubel of the Colonial Of
fice asked the Reichstag Budget Com
mittee to-day to defer consideration of
the colonial appropriations, as he was
too busy preparing to send oft troops
to Southwest Africa to explain the es
timates. A total of 2C00 men are al
ready afloat or preparing to embark.
It. is believed, in the light of to-day's
intelligence, that this force is inade
quate to adopt agrgresslve,. crushing
operations over a wide territory, domi
nated by 15,000 insurgent tribesmen.
The German transport officers are
buying oxen for the punitive expedi
tions. The veterans' societies are ask
ing for contributions for those who are
fighting in Southwest Africa.
LONDON, Jan. 26. — A dispatch to the
Central News from Cape Town says
the bushmen, with the rebels iri^Ger
man Southwest Africa, are committing
terrible atrocities. The limbs of the
dead are chopped off and prisoners are
said to have been bnrned alive.
Captain William W. Harts must lose
irip sum of J1971 which he paid under
protest Into the San Francisco Custom
bouse -as a treble value penalty for
merchandise he attempted to smuggle
ir.to_ this port from the Government
transport Thomas on July 10 of la&t
year. He will lose, also, the merchan
dise which has been seized by the lynx
eyed customs officers. They say that
It was a clear case of attempted smug
cHng.* "
'"aptain Harts was loudly and ver
bally .indignant when his Oriental ru
i job were seized and he took an appeal
tp the Secretary of the Treasury at
'AVpshfngton, D. C.
. rnar.swr'r the Secretary of the Treas
• ur$' "has that the fine, which is
trettiT' the «ipprai5=pd value of the smug
gled goods, must remain in Uncle Sam'g
trVyrsury ar.d that the goods must be
9^16 a( public auction for the benefit of
° "tri^" Government.
• Custom* Collector Stratton was noti- I
<\*-<l yesterday T»y the Secretary of the '
Treasury that the department, after a
scrutiny of the case, had in
dorsed his action in imposing the fine
and .se.«ir.«r the poods. The Collector
'ffa* instructed further to place the
matter in the hands of United States
"District Attorney Woodworth in order
'liiat .the goods may be legally declared
forfeited. .
The Secretary of the Treasury has
releasad L'42 strings of Tasmanian beads
that were seized by customs officers in
the steward's quarters on board the
Steamship Sierra when she arrived at
c tli.> port lapt December. The beads
•were rpfisigned to Mrs. E. M. O. Mar
quez. manager of the Woman's Ex
° rljanjje at- Honolulu, but had not been
entered upon the steamer's manifest
and weTe brought to this city. The
steward a:<xplair.ed that he forgot to land
th« grinds at Honolulu and intended to
do so on the return trip. The Secretary
wa's lehient in view of the facts and
imrw»PGi3 a fine of only 542. the amount ,
of the duty.
Military Man Loses Nearly
iVo Thousand Dollars for
Violating the Customs Laws
Troops Are Being Hurried to
the Scene of the Outbreak
to Crush Out the Insurgents
Gossip Regarding the Selections
of the California Delegation
to the National Convention
ALIGN3IENT IS INDICATED
ALL- GERMANY IS AROUSED
TREBLE PENALTY IMPOSED
Terrible Atrocities Ai;e Com
mitted by Rebels Who Are Op
erating 1 in Southwest Africa
Secretary of the Treasury De
cides That He Smuggled
Curios From the Orient
. W. A. Stuart, a well known land
and mining attorney and one time the
County Clerk of this city, Was found
dead in his room at the Commercial
Hotel yesterday morning. He retired
at his usual early hour the previous
evening, apparently in the best of
health. He generally arose at 6 a. m.
and as he failed to put in an appear
ance soon after that hour hia room
was entered and he was found lying
on the floor in his nightshirt, dead.
He apparently had just arisen from
his bed in the morning when he was
seized with a stroke of apoplexy. He
suffered a slight attack of the same
malady about two years ago.
The deceased was born in Newbury
port. Mass., on January 16, 1843. He
came to California in the early sixties.
He served as County Clerk in 1870-71,
since which time he has followed the
practice of law. He was a man of
high intellectual attainments, of quiet
and modest mein and enjoyed the ac
quaintance of a large circle of friends.
He leaves one son, W. E. Stuart, Who
resides at 809 Van Ness avenue. His
wife died several years ago. The
funeral will take place on Friday at
2 o'clock from the Masonic Temple,
under the auspices of Excelsior Lodge
No. 166.
Invitations are out for the wedding
of Miss Mabel Quatman, daughter of
Mrs. Hannah Quatman, and Lieutenant
Alexander Xeely Mitchell, U. S. N. The
ceremony will be performed on Febru
ary 10, and will be witnessed by the
relatives and intimate friends only, but
a large reception will follow at the resi
dence of the bride's mother. 1038 Ellis
street.
• • •
Ti rrrpo. trio ((JurFChman), Mrs. Ernst Hue
ter. Mips (Ifrtrude Wheelrr and Edw. Xavl<r
R^lkfr; "An Ar>jjr<viatJon of tho I'oemR of
Oronc* Sterlinsr." Mrs. Will Mar1d->rn: Saph
isch* Ode iRrahrr«). Fidelity lAUItucn), Miss
Ortrude \VN-e!cr; r>herzo a Canrlcclo (Felix
M<-nd*!F*ofcn). Ml?* Krnestin*- (Joldman; Im
Kahr. (Orip(t». Bprlnf .^ong <(;«v>rge Henschel),
Mrs. Knij't L. Hurter: reading-. Miss I»rena
K. Hr.a»t: Th^ Morrv Lark iNevIn). April Rain
<\\ . Hunt*. Miss Mignon Judnon; Tuncan Folk
Son* <!«. Cararrlolo), Mrs. E. L. Hueter and
Mi?» G. Wheeler.
The California Club yesterday pre
sented a musical programme of rare
excellence under the management of
Mrs. Xavfer Rolker. The following
numbers were rendered:
Friday night brings the assembly at
the Palace, and Saturday the nuptials
of Miss Bernie Drown and Samuel Hart
Boardman. And so, too, at a later hour
will Miss Jaqueline Moore become the
bride of John J. Valentine.
To-night the Borel ball takes place
at" the Palace. To-morrow Mr. and
Mr?. Homer S. King will give a ball at
their home on Broadway.
Mrs. Fred Tallant gave a luncheon
yesterday to her niece. Miss Elsie'Tal
lant, when fifteen of the dainty de
butantes of the season gathered about
a rose laden board to discuss the things
that are dear to the debutante's heart.
The following are some of the girls
who went out: Miss Colburn, Miss Ar
della Mills, Miss Bessie Mills. Mr. and
Mrs. William L. Spencer. Mrs. Macfar
lane. Miss Mary Marriner, Miss Eliza
beth Co!e, Miss Mattie Milton. Miss
Edith Bull and Miss Kathleen Bull.
Among them are a few maidens
who manifest a strong predilection for
our gallant warriors.
The Presidio hop last night was a
smart affair— the Coleman dance not
withstanding—and a brave showing of
martial heroes and indisputably pretty
maidens made a very attractive func
tijn.
Masses of American Beauty roses
were used on the tables with fine ef
fect, and palms gracefully filled the
niches and corners of the dining-room.
The following ladies were entertained:
Mrs. Coleman, Mrs. James Otis, Mrs.
William G. Irwin, Mrs. Low, Mrs.
George Boardman, Mrs. Russell J. Wil
son, Mrs. Osgood Hooker, Mrs. Horace
Hill, Mrs. Chauncey Rose Winslow,
Mrs. Richard Girvin, Mrs. Joseph D.
Grant. Mrs. Walter Dean, Mrs. W. B.
Collier. Mrs. Joseph Donohoe, Mrs. Otis,
Mrs. Louis Parrott, Mrs. W. Mayo
Xewhall, Miss Lena Blanding, Mrs.
Edward L. Eyre, Mrs. Timothy Hop
kins. Mrs. George Gibbs, Mrs. James
Carolan, Mrs. Eleanor Martin, Mrs.
Latham, Mrs. Walter McGavln, Mrs.
Samuel Knight, Mrs. Horace Blanchard
Chase. Mrs. Pacheco, Mrs. John Par
rott. Mrs. Mountford Wilson, Mrs.
William S. Tevis, Mrs. George Pope,
Mrs. William H. Taylor, Mrs. George
Boyd, Mrs. Harry Mendel and Mrs. Mc-
Afee.
Mr?. Gordon Blanding was hostess at
an elaborate luncheon at the University
Club yesterday, when she entertained
thirty-five friends with wit, good fel
lowship and g-ood cheer.
Miss Jeanntttp Hooper. Miss Lottie Wood?.
Miss Isat*!!e Kendall. Miss Alice Borel, Miss
Sn;,hl- Itorei. Miss Maylita Posbp. Misg Alice
ICej-er of Menlo. Misa Edna Midiilefn. Miss
Oertntde Van Wjrdc Mi?s Mabel Toy, Miss
1if\<-n Bally. Miss KIsl'- Pixrry. Miss Helen
Bowie. M«f« AUcf Pulllvan. Miss Maye Ool
burn. Miss EUie Tallant. Miff Fannv " Arq-ues
of San J<>Fe and Miss Viva. N'loholson of Oak
land.
The largest and the most interesting
event of the daylight hours of yester
day was the tea given by Miss Frances
Harris, niece of Mrs. Christian Reis.
The home was decked in holiday garb
with blossoms of eucalyptus, loads of
ferns and trailing blackberry vines.
And Miss Harris, like the clever hostess
that she is, prepared a surprise for her
guests, and she surprised them with the
announcement of— her engagement.
"Ernest Albert Stent?' Yes, the same.
"Oh, I told you eo," say the know-it
alls, but the fact remains that they are
more sure of it, now that it has been
proclaimed 1 . The young bride-to-be is
unquestionably a prime favorite in her
set, where her archness and fine person
ality have individualized her as one
among many. The following young
women assisted Miss Harris at her an
nouncement tea:
Last night one of the prettiest balls
of the season was given by Mr. and
Mrs. Barry Coleman in honor of their
daughter. Miss, Lucy Gwin Coleman,
and her confidante. Miss Christine
Pomeroy. One hundred invitations were
sent out, principally to the buoyant
young members of the Gayety Club and
their men friends— who, let it be said,
are selected by ballot when a club func
tion is on. Century Hall, always at
tractive with its neutral walls and
pretty appurtenances, was made very
cozy last night by the introduction of
many palms and a wealth of flow
ers. The host and hostess were assisted
in entertaining the merry young folks
by Mr. and Mrs. Carter Pomeroy, Mr.
and Mrs. Horace Hill, Captain and Mrs.
Robert Fletcher, Mrs. William M. Gra
ham and Miss Coleman.
Merrily on goes the cycle of func
tions, with never a thought of cessa
tion. And it would seem that the
ascetic shadow of Lent has forced the
pressure, for only a few weeks more re
main to the smart set, and then — sack
cloth and ashes for six long, weary
weeks. But what a rest that will be!
By Sally Sharn-
Premonitions of a Vigorous
Battle to Recapture 1 the Sec
ond Congressional District
REPUBLICANS
ARE VIGILANT
BUSHMEN BURN
THE PRISONERS
CAPTAIN HARTS
PAYS BIG FINE
DEATH CALLS
ATTORNEY AT
EARLY HOUR
SOCIETY LOOKS
FORWARD TO SIX
WEEKS OF REST
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. WEDNESDAY. JANUARY 27. 190*.
11
'NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
HERPICIDE HOT A FAKE.
Unsolicited Testimonials Tell of Its Su-
periority.
Alf. R. Kelley, residing at 2195 Devis-
adero street. San Francisco, Cal., writes
the following:
"When I first purchased Herplcide, I
thought, like the majority of hair prep-
arations, it would prove a fake. I am
happy to state that, on. the contrary, it is
all,- and even more, than you claim for it.
Quite a number of barbers throughout
thfc section in which I travel have called
attention to the new hair sprouting out
on my scalp, and inquired of me what 1
had been using. I tell them 'Herplcide':
also give them your name and address."
Sold by leading druggists. Send 10c in
stamps for sample to The Herpicide Co.,
Detroit. Mich. . : . V
CASTORIA
for Infants and Children.
The Kind You Have Always Bought
Bears the y^Tfr L//_1Tj^ 2 '" /?- "
ADVERTISEMENTS. -
llSHREVE &GO'S|
STATIONERY DEPARTMENT
Will be opened on Mon-
day, February 1st It will
! have in its work rooms
complete facilities for the
production of Fine Station-
ery in all its branches. Ex-
{ clusivencss will charac-
terize the products of the
Department.
POST and MARKET STS.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
S Steamers leave San Fran-
cisco as follows:
For Ketchikan. Wrangel,
Juneau, Halnes, Skaguay.
etc.. Alaska— 11 a. m. Jan.
2*5, 31, Feb. 5. Change to
company's steamers at Se-
attle.
For Victoria. Vancouver.
Port Townsend. Seattle, Ta-
coma Everett, Whatcom — 11 a. m. Jan. 26, 31.
Keb. 6. Change at Seattle to this company's
eteamers for Alaska «nd O. N. Ry.: at Seattle
or Tacoma to N. P. Ry.: at Vancouver to C.
P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— Pomona. 1:30
p. m. Jan. 23, 20, Feb. 4; Corona, 1:30 p. m.
Jan. 2«. Feb. 1.
For Loa Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Rertondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara —
Santa Rosa. Sundays, 0 a. m.
Statf of California. Thursdays, 0 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro), Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cayucoo, Port Harford (San
Luis Obispo). Ventura and Hueneme:
Coos Bay. 0 a. m., Jan. 2S. Feb. P.
Bonita. 0 a. m.. Jan. 24. Feb. 1.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cafco. Mazatlan. Altata, La Pax. Santa Ro-
I Falia. Goaymas (Mm.). 10 a. m., 7th of each
month.
For further information obtain folder.
Rl*;ht Is reserved to change steamers or sail-
ing dates. _ „, .
TItJKET OFFICES — 4 New Montgom-
ery street (Palace Hotel), 10 Market street and
Broadway wharves.
Freight office, 10 Market street.
C. D. D1JNANN, General Passenger Agent. '
10 Market street. San Francisco.
O. /?. & N. CO.
Oregon sails Jan. 28. Feb. 7. 17, 27. March
9, J9 and 29. S. S. Oregon Is temporarily in
i service instead of the Columbia. George W.
i Elder sails Jan. 23, Feb. 2, 12. 22, March 4,
i 14 and 24. • Only steamship line to PORT-
LAND OR., "and short rail line from Portland
to all* points East. Through tickets to alt
points, all rail or steamship and rail, at LOW.
EST RATES. Steamer tickets include berth
and meals. Steamer sails foot of Spear st. at
11 a. m. S. F. BOOTH, Gen. Ajrt. Pass. Dept.,
1 Montgomery St.: C. CLIFFORD. Gen. Agt.
Freight Dept.. 3 Montgomery st.
S S. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu. Jan. 30, 11 a.m.
S S MARIPOSA, for Tahiti, Feb. 11. 11 a.m.
S. 8. VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney, Thursday, Feb. 11, 2 p. m.
4J.SPIE.mi ft 8I0S.M., afts.. IlcM CHSB.B43 EuUtl
|l^t8f&sijaiSirbtSUricrli.7.PicffietL
C0KPAONI3 GENERALS TSANaaTLlNTI)?].
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. s3J*jmm2;
SHllins every Thursday instead of
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. r^ 6 **
North River, foot ot Morton- street. -.
First class. to Havre, $70 and upward. Sec-
ond class to Havre, $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND -
CANADA,' 32 Broadway (Huds6n Bulldinur),
New York. J. F. FUOAZ1 & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents, 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agenta. *
J^X SAILWA7 IBAVEL,
I A *ch!9d could ¦¦'; ' pB^BsfiP&l k
1 cross the continent WT || I
|j in a Rock Island tourist ||| ];'| tj
M ments are all that can be de- f^.j'jj'V* mT|^JP \\
I the berths are wide, and . filurv (y^^n l A
| there is a porter ready to do nffi^ii °raT^nS 1
y your bidding at any hour Jj^-^jl oj yBpHH H'
M southern route, take the Rock Itland'j H^B^ * \ / I H
M on the globe, go via Salt Lake City and M
I The RocT' Island runs tourist 0
; M lines— daily via El P«o; three timej | "C fl^n £«¦*¦•' H
[ U4 Full information at any Southern I )
j g Pacific ticket office or by addressing "& >yB5S i
m District Passmger Agent, J^a%nT[\lf7fj|^i 1 » /f ***
g 623 Market St., San Francisco, Cal. [frj|fi/ JcXvjiJ.1 3&%l I if '? f e
CALIFORNIA
LIMITED TO CHIC ACO
LEAVES DAILY
at {»:"<> a. m., throng-h la 3 days,
with diner and all trapping's.
. .-mi — — mtra^wsd
Other Santa Te Trains:
|7:30a. m. | for Stoc i, ton< Fresno. Bakersfleld.
8 : ix>S* rnj Mprc * d - Hanford and Visalla.
4 :0O o. m. for Stockton.
S:00p. m. for Kansas City. Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
TICKET OFFICE— 641 Market St., and
Ferry Depot, 8. T. Also 1112 Broad-
way, Oakland, Oal* 37 South First
St., Saa Jcse.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN BY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANGI5UU anj NUHTH PACIFIC
BA1XWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Terry. Foot of Market Street.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SA2T EAPAEL.
WEKK DAYS — 7:3O. 0:0O. ll:0O a. m.: 12:33.
3:30. 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thuradaya — Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30,
5:00. 6:20. 11:30 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO' SAN FSAN CISCO.
WEEK DAYS-t!:05. 7:35. 7:C0, 0:20. 11:15
a. m.; 12:50. 3:40. 5:00. B:2O p. m.
Saturdays — Hxtra trip at 2:05 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 8:flO. 9:40. 11:15 a. m.: 1:40. 3:40.
4:53. 5:05. 6.25 p. m.
L»nve j In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco, f Sept. 27. 1903. fSan Francisco.
Week t Sun- I Deatlna- I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. | tlon. ( daya. | Days.
7:30 al 8:00 ai 9:10a 8:40a
i i I 9:.t0a Ignacio. 10:40 a 10:20 a
S:30 p 1 3:30 p 6:05 p 0:20 p
5:10 p| 5:00 p ":3o p
1 7:30a 9:10a 8:40a
8:00 a Nova to. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 pi 9:30 a Petaluaa 6:05 p 6:20 p
6:10 pi 3:30 pi and 7:35 p
I 5:00 p| Santa Rosa.
7:30 a 10:40 a 10:20 a
8:00 a Fulton. 7:35 p 6:20 p
8:30 p 3:30 p
I 'Windsor.
7:30a S:00a Healdsburg. 10:40a 10:20a
. Lytton.
3:30 p 3:30 p Geyaervllle, 7:35 p 6:20 p
' . ¦ ¦ Cloverdale.
7:3f»a| 8:00 al Hopland 110:40 a[10:20 a
3:30p|3:30p| arfd Uk>ah | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 a| 8:00 a| Will Its'. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al .8:00 al il0:40a|10:20a
3:30 p| 3:30 p| Ouernevllle. ( 7:83 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al Sonoma. I 9:10 al 9:40 a
5:10 p| 5:00 p| Glen Ellen. I 6:05 p| 6:20 p
7:30 at 8:00 al 110:40 a]10:20 a
3:30p|3:30p| Sebagtopoi. | 7:25 pi 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Qusntln; at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Spring*: at FuUon for Altruria and Mark West
Springs: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Oey-
eervllle for Skaggs Springs: at Cloverdale for
the Geysers, Boonevtlle and Greenwood: at
liopland for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs.
Kelseyville, Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay, Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vlchjr
Springs. Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Pomo,
Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside, Llerly'a
Bucknell's, Sanhedrln Heights. Hullville, Orr'a
Hot Springs. Halfway House. Comptche, Camp
Stevens. Hopkins. Mendocino City, Fort Bragg.
Westport. Usal: at Willito for Fort BraK.T.
Westport, Sherwood, Cahto. Covello, Layton-
vllle, Cummlngs, Bell's Springs, Harris, OI-
sen's, • Dyer. Garberville, Pepperwood. Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Sunday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On - Sunday round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket offices. 630 Market street. Chronicle
building.
H. C WHITING, R. X. RTAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
l^^^^^f^ CAZADERO, Etc*
Suburban Service Standard Gauge Electrlo-
Dtpart from San Francisco Dally— 7:00, 8. CO.
9:00? 10:00. 11:00 a. m.. 12:20 '1:45. 3:15. 4:15.
fi : l5 615 7:00 8:45. 10:20^ 11:45 p. m.
FROM SAN RAFAEL Td SAN FRANCISCO
—Dally— 5:25. «:35- 7:40. 8:35, 8:$5. 11:05 a.
m.7 12:=0 1 :«. 2:55. 8:45. 4:45. 6:45, «:45.
8: F 5 Ao 1 M M Mli™'VALLEY TO SAN FRAN-
CISCO— Dally— 5: 45. 6:55. 7:52. 8:55. 9:55.
11 -O^m. 12:35. 2:00. 3:15, 4:05. 5:05. 6:05.
7-tiS 9:00. 10:35 p. m.
..uo.w.w. THROUGH TRAINS.
8-00 a. m. daily — Cazadero and way stations.
5-15 p la week days (Saturdays excepted)—
ToinaUs and way stations.
3:15 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
Sundays only — 10 a. m.. Point Reyes and
way stations. • - :.''"'
TICKET OFFICE— C26 Market st.
, FERRY— Union Depot, foot of. Market st
OCEAN TBJLTEL.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.)
St»Mner» will leave wharf; corner First and
Brannan streets, at 1 p. m., for TOKOHAMA
and Hongkong, calling at Kobe <Hlogo>, Naga-
saki and Shanghai, and . connecting at Hong-
kong with steamer* , for India, etc No cargo
received on board on day of sailing.
S. S.. AMERICA MARU..... . "
¦ ....Monday January 25. 1904
Via Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at reduced
ratey.. For freight and passage apply at Com-
pany's office, 421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. Ganeral Agent.
Mara Island and Vallejo Steamers.
Steamer GEN. FRISBIE or MONT1CKLLO—
9:45 a, m., 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sunday.
Sunday. 9:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leave Vallejo.
7 a. nv.;12;G0 and $ p, m:. ex. Sunday, Sun-
day, 7 a. n>.,'4:]5 p. m. -Fare. 50 cents. Tel.
Main 150S. Pier 2, M'.sslon-bt. dock. HATCH
unos. . " ¦ •
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Trains leave ami are due to arrive at
SAN FKANCISCl>.
QUln Line. Foot of Maritet Street )
~I.»ati — Fm>H Dcc«MB«»ri. l:»03. — a«»it«*
"^700*. V»c«tJU«. Wlotere. lia:n»ey 7.55*
7430a Bcnicla, Snisua, Elmira »ad Sacrfr
memo 7.25*
7.30a Valleja. X&p*. CalUtoc*. Sanu
Kosa, Murtluez. S»n IUmon ft-25*
7.30* Ntles. Llrertnore. Trmcy. Lalhron.
Stockton 7.25*
8.00a Sha«t» Ex:>rest— (Via DatU).
Wlllltmi (for Cartlett Spring),
Willows, tirruto. lted Blaff.
Portland, Tacotn*. Seattle 7.53r
800* Davii.tVj'XlUml. Knltfhti LrrjcUn*.
Marysrtile. OroTllle 7-55*
833* Port Co* ta. Martinet. Aatiocii.
Byron. Tracr. Stockton. New-
man. - Loa Dano*. M n n d i> t a,
Armona, Ilaaford. Vis alt a,
PorterTille 4.25*
840a Port Conn. Martinez. Tracr. Latb-
rop, Modesto, Merer*!. Fresaa.
GothKU Junction. Hanford,
Vliaita, nakemfleld 4.53*
• •30a Nlles. San Jose, Llvermore. Stock-
ton. (tMliton). lone. Sncnunento,
Plaeervill*. MuryaTllle. Cblco.
ItaJ BUiT 4.23*
8.30a OikJale. Chlnexe. Jamescoirn, So*
nor*. Taolmnne and Angel* 4.25*
9 00a Atlantic Exprc«— Ogden and Emi. 11.254
940a Richmond. Martinez and Way
Stations 855*
1000a' Tne Overland Limited — Ogdea.
D^nTer. Omaha. Chlcsjo. L*FS*
10.00a Vailsjo_ 12-25*
10. 00a Lo* An«rele» Paiwenser — Port
Costa. Martinez. Byron. Tracy.
Latorop. Stockton. M-fcJ.
Kaymood. Fresno, Gosnen .Junc-
tion. Hanford, Lemoore, VUalla.
B*ier.»aeld. Loa Angeles 7-23*
If .CO* Hajrward. Nlles and Way Station*. 3-25.*
t'.OOP Sacramento HlTcr Steamers til. 00*
I.JOr nenlcls, Winters. Sacramento^
Woodlaud. Knlgbts Landing.
MarytTtlle, OroTlll* and way
Matron* t 95?* J
5.30* Hayward.Kllea and Way Stations.. 7-5S*
3.30* Port Costa. Martinet. Uyron,
Tracy. Lalhrop, Modesto,
Merced. Freaao and Way St*-
tlons beyond Port Costa 12-23*
8-30* Marttne*. Tracy. Stockton. Lodl... 10.23a
4 CO* Marrtaez.Snn lUnion.ValleJo.Napa,
CalistOKa, Santifliosa. 9 23\
400* Kllem, Tra«y. Stockton. Lodi 425*
430p Hay ward. Miles. Irvlagton. Baal *8.55»
Jose. Ltrcrmore | £1 1.55a
SXOr Tba Owl Limited— Newman. Los
lUnos. Mrnduta. Fresno. Tulars.
RaKersQeld. Loa Angeles.
Golden state Limited 8!eeper,
Oakland to Los Angele*. for Chi-
cago, Tla C. P.. I- & P 8 55 a
S.OOr Port Costa. Tnvey. Stockton. ...... 12-25*
t630* Hay ward. Nlles and San Jose ..... 7.25a,
6.00* Hay ward. Nile* aud San Jose. -9.55a
64)0* Eastern Express — Ocien. DenTsr,
. Omaha, St. Louis. Chicago ana
East. Port CostA, Benlcla. dul-
sun. Elmlra, lm-l«. Sacramento,
Rockltn, Aabora, Colfaz,
Trnckee, Doca. Reao. Wads-
worth. Wlnnemucc*. 8-23*
t.00* Vallejo. dally, except Sunday.... I 7 K -_
7-OOr Vallejo, Sunday only f *•¦»»
7.60* Klchmond. Ban Pablo. Port Costa,
Martinez and Way Station* 11.25a
8X6* Oregon A California Express— Sao-
ramento, MarysT'lle, Redding;
Portland. Puget Sound and East. 8-594
8.10* Hay ward, Nlles and Saa Jose (Sna-
dayonly) 11-88%
COAST LINE (-iarr»w Uaogej.
tFoot of Market Street.)
8.15a Newark, Centerrille. Saa Jois,
Felton. Boulaer Creek. Santa
Crnz and Way Stations 551*
tZ>15* Newark, Centcrrllle, San Joss,
New Almaden, Los Oato«.Fe!ton,
Bonlder Cr*ek, Sanu Crux and
Principal Way Station*. tlO-534
4.15* Mewarfc. Ban Jose, LosQatos aad S t8.55a.
way station* ) :1CGSa
•9 30* Humters Tratn. Saturday only. San
- Joae and Way Stations. Retnrn-
Ing from Los Gatoa Sunday only. 17 25*
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN Fi:AN CISCO, Foot of Market St. (Sltpn
— 1-:15 1:00 11:00 a.m. 100 300 6.15 P.M.
From OAKLAND, Foot of Broadway — 16:00 {3:01
tS:03 10:00a.m. 12 00 200 4.00 r.M.
COAST LINE (»ro».l (iarnt*.;.
tar* (Third ami Townnend Street*.)
8-10a San Jose and Way Stations... 6-30*
7 00a San Jose and Way Station* 633*
8 00a New Almaden (Tnes.. Frld.. only), 4.10*
8 00a The Coaster— Stop* only San Jose,
Gllroy (connection for Hoi Ha-
ter), Pajaro. Ca«trovi!lo (con-
nection to and from Monterey
and Pacific Orore), Sallnaa. Saa
Ardo. Pa*o Bobles. Santa Mar-
garita, gan Lnl* Objspo, principal
stations thence Surf (connection
for Lompoc), principal stations
thence Santa Darbara,Ssn Bnena-
Tentara^Sangns. Loa Angelea... 10 43*
t.CttA 8an Jose. Tres Plnos. C*pttola,
SanMCrnx.Paciac GroTe.Sailnaa.
San Lois Oblspo and Principal
Way Buttons 4.10*
1030a Sao Jose and Way Stations........ 1.20*
1130a Santa Clara. San Jose. Lo* Oatoa
aad Way Station* 7.3D*
1-30* Ban Joae and Way Buttons 8-38a
•4)0* Del Monte Express— Santa Clara,
San Jo*e. Del Monte. Monterey.
Padac Grove (connect* at Santa
Clara for Santa Cruz. Boulder
Creek and Narrow Gauge Points)
at Gllroy for Holltster. Trea
Plnos. at CastroTtlle for Salinas. 12-1S*
8-30* Tres Ptaoa War PaMenerer 1Q4 ! >4
4 30* Ban Jose and Way Stations 1800a
tSOOt- San Joae, (vU Santa Clara) Loa
Gatos, and Principal Way Sta-
tions (except Sunday) t9 00a
J6-30r Ban Jose and PrlnctpalWay Stations {9.4*1*
6-C0r Sonnet Limited.— lledwood. Saa
Jose, GUroy.Sallnas, Paso Koblea.
Ban Lais Oblspo. Santa ffari>ara.
Lo* Angeles, bemlnr. El Pattk. " .'- -
Kew Orleans. Kew York. Co»-
nccts at Pajaro for Santa Crm
and at Ca«trrri!l<t for Paclfle
GroTe and Way Stations 7.10a
1*1-15* £anMateo,Bemaford,Belmont.Satt
Carlo*. Redwood. Fair Oak*.
UenloPark. Palo Alto r6.4a*
¦ .30* Ban Jo*e and Way 3uttont 8-38*
800* Palo Alto and Way Stations 10.1&*
il.-JOr Bonthftan Francisco, Mlllbrae, Bur-
Ilngame. San Mateo, Delmont,
Ban Carlo*. Redwood, Fair Oaks,
. Menlo Park, aad Palo Alto 9-45*
¦11-80* Mayneld. Mountain View. Sunny-
vale, Lawrence. Santa Clara and
BanJoa*... t9-4S»
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
1 Sunday excepted. i Sunday only.
a Saturday only. '4&9
I Stop* at all statioas on SunJsy. i
l»"Only trains storptn* at Valencia St. aosthbonai
• r-S: 10 a.m.. 7:00a.*- U:30 a.m.. »:U3 P.M.. 6:SQr.*.*m
l;0Q *.n. ,.
My. Tamalpais Railway
Leave Tia Staatlit* Firry Arriv*
a— Frandaco fmt «f lUrktfc, San Fran daro
Week Sun- _gsa_ Son- Week
Day*. J day* ifS?t#«p35V <**?» Days.
•11.13 i«8:UOA f~&c§2&ifa l*:os*10:4d|
•1:45* 9:OOa Bregggqg 1:25 p 4:50?
fiUOf 1O:OOa V%w<c2v »:«»* S:5O«.
11:00a \Sn£>5gr 4:5Op 9:30»
, 1:45* ft;ft»»
-3:15* IBr TiHo»
%m> wift stap It Y Kyaaa mi Tgfaw Ctjjj
IICUT J 63} Mauut ST.,(N*ortlj Shore Ratlro»4)
VfUB I aad Sausauto Kkuy. Foot Market St.
WEEEL CALL
K6-Pa&cs. SI per Year
ADVERTISEMENTS.
You can't get a better razor for the
mor.^y than my J^.oo razor. Well
made, with blade of the finest tem-
pered steel.
All my cutlery j<e h'.Rh grade — such
as "Wnstenholra's, Uonckel's Jordan's
Stil'-tto. rtc
STAB SAFETY HAZORS. specially
l>riff<i at 31.25.
POCKET JCimrrs, from 50c up.
ECIESOKS as ]<»u- u 25o
Tv.o bars Williams' 10c Shaving
S.oap for 15c.
Mail orders promptly filled.
THAT MAN PITTS
F. W". PITTS.
1003 atarl-et street, above Powell.
San Francisco.
EyEWiBQDEMRRANTEDTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 27, 1904.
12
t>_KTISTS.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market.nr.Eleventh
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting COc; gas given.
A NEW r Ue — The Whale". jne — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crown, $3 50; fillings, 50c:
. plates. $5: full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
A. ARTHUR CH1SHOLM. surgeon dentist.
room 1*. Phelan building. San Francisco.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny. cor.- Bush—
Set teeth $1 50 up; crowns $2 up; fillings 25c.
GOLD fillings. 75c; silver, 35c: crowns. $2: no
pain; open Sunday. Dr. O.B.Hewltt.204Sutter
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
Accordion, sunburst & knife plaiting: double
stamps on dress linings. Stewart's button St
buttonhole factory, HO Taylor; tel. Folsom 2121
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
Patterns cut to measure: eve, class. 1019 Mkt.
EDUCATIONAL. .
A^oYHER^^TnTalrgement at CALIFORNIA
BUSINESS COLLEGE: an army of workmen
are putting the finishing touches on our new
home, 901-825 Golden Gate ave. The develop-
ment of this progressive school has been one
of the greatest successes of the West; 1S.000
square feet, 35 rooms, 450 students. 18 teach-
ers. Write for 75-page illustrated catalogue.
The growing life and enthusiasm here will
be a constant inspiration to you. ¦
AYRES. ths leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket st.; established 18 years* life scholarship,
550: bookkeeping, shorthatd. touch typing,
arithmetic, spelling, etc. : positions secured;
the college refurnished with new typewriters
and furniture January 1. Catalogue free.
NEW juvenile dscartment of ths Paul Gerson
School of Acting now open; . applicants re-
ceived from (i to 12 years of age; Miss Lillian
Muscio, principal; exceptional advantages:
largest school of the kind in th« West: send
for catalogue. Native Sons* Hall, 414 Mason.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST. S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy, English branches; day
and night sessions; illustrated catalogue free.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the university, 'aw and medical colleges;
ref.. President Jordan or any Stanford profes-
sor: day and evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
HINMAN'S Academy; a thorough school of
dancing; established 20 years. 1412 Polk ft-..
between Pine and California; both adult and
childi en's, classes are now open for the season.
A LARGER and better school than ever; enter
at mice if you deelre a good "position ; Gregg
shorthand. Kills bookkeeping. S. F. Business
College. 1236 Market st.
HEALD'S School of Mines & Electricity, 24 Post
St.. S. F. : a practical school of enslneering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec, mln., mech.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, ev.; est. 1S64. Van
der Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
CARLOS N. KELLER, tenor soloist and teach-
er of the art of SINGING; piano taught.
Btudlo 361 Geary st. .
DANCING Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday, Sun-
day evgs.. Teuton la Hall, Howard st., near
9th. Prof. Foster; society dancing taught
SPANISH.French.etc.Prof.DeFllfppe's Academy
of languages, 320 Post ;estab'd lS71;abIest profs.
SPANISH evening classes tri-weekly. - $3 a
month; best lessons In the city. 578 Sutter.
BANJO, mandolin and . guitar thoroughly
t taught: orchestra practice. 462 Geary st.
PIANO lessons, 25c half hour. MRS. PECK,
experienced teacher. 1013 Mission, nr. Sixth.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION ".Day acd
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine st Night class.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, wrltlnr.
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. .1024 Mlssion.nr. 6th.
OFFICES.
GET your help at PINE JAPANESEnGMPLOY-
MENT OFFICE and Housecleanlng Co., 1.133
Pine, nr. Jap. M. E. Church: phone Polk 36Sft.
GEORGE AOKI. 421 Post st.; tel. Bush 135—
Japanese-Chinese emplcyment office; fur-
nishes btst help; contracts for farm help. etc.
A— ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chinese help. 42ft Powell. Tel. Main 5752.
A — GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office, 415
Stockton; tel. Grant 163; expert, reliable help.
SWEDISH and German Femnle Employment
Office. 115 Franklin St.: phone Folsom 2S36.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main S18S.
CHINESE and Japanese help: estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1097. BRADLEY & CO.. B40 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED I'EMAI.R.
A NEAT youna: German girl, speaks no Eng-
lish, wishes situation, German family; neat
seamstress. Can be seen at J. F. CRO-
SETT _ CO.'S, 034 Sutter Ft.
A REFERENCED nurse girl; city or country:
wages $20. Apply to J. F. CROSETT &
CO.. 334 Sutter st. ¦ _^
RELIABLE, strong wom.-ui wants work by the
day washing, ironing and house cleaning: no
portals. 1541 Bryant St., corner Fifteenth.
YOUNG ladv desires position in bakery or as
cashier where she can room and board. 72
Ninth st.
A COMPETENT woman desires to be employed
half days at washing or housework; terms
75c. Address box 552, Call.
A FIRST-CLASS second girl wants a position
In private family. Apply 12(5 Lily ave., near
Gough et. .
SITUATION wanted by Nova Scotia Protest-
nnt woman in small family; good cook. 1539
Polk st.
COMPETENT laundress and housecleaner
wants work at $1 25 per day; best refer-
ences. Box 554. Call office.
COMPETENT _irl wishes a position to do
hontev/ork or cooking. 2003 O'Farrell st.
GItiL of 14 would like position aa nurse girl.
Box 555, Call.
INFANT'S nurs« wants situation. Call at
4 Dodge St.. off Turk, near Larkin.
NEAT young woman desires position In bakerj'
or candy store. Box 2, 1008 Market st.
A LADY wishes place to do housework by day
or month; sleep home. 212A Langton st.
GERMAN graduated teacher wishes position In
school or as governess or companion; also
teaches French. Aduress F. HIRSCH, Irv-
ington. Alameda County.
A YOUNG woman wants work by the day;
washing, housecleaning; $1 50 a day and
carfare. Address 5J5 Minna st.
A MIDDLE-AGED lady would like position as
housekeeper. Call between 8 and 12 a. m. or
address 3153 Twenty-third st.
POSITION desired by a young lady'as as-
sistant bookkeeper or for other office work.
Box tiOl, Call.
A POSITION as waitress or chamber work;
wages $.'i0. room and board; references. Box
773, Call office.
A WOMAN would like to go out to work by
th e day or by the week. M. B., 841 Filbert.
VIOLIN teacher wishes more pupils; best ref-
erences: lessons 75c. Box 034, Call office.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch Office, cor. Duncan _ Church sts.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister «t
EMPLOYMENT WASTED — MALE.
STEADY, reliable .man would like posltlorfas
Janitor, watchman, or collector; can furnish
best city references and bonds If required
Box 878, Call office. »
YOUNG man (English), aged' 26, requires a
position where he can learn to tend bar, mix
drinks, etc.: town or country; steady haults
• and temperate. Box 5o3, Call office.
WANTED— By man and wife, situation; man
good gardener; wife cook or housekeeper-
¦ best of references. Address box 1010, Call
office, Oakland.
YOUNG !. man, steady and capable, desires posi-
tion on. private place first of the month: good
gardener; understands horses: good driver •
can milk. Box 1015. Call office, Oakland.
ENGINEER and electrician : desires employ-
ment; - extensive experience. M. E., 901
. Powell St.; phone James 46. -
GARDENER wants position; is also first-class
horseman; years of experience; best city
'and country references. Box 931, Call office.
YOUNG man wants position as clerk; will
begin at employer's terms. Address box 630
Call. ¦
SURVEYOR wants position with an engineer
.or firm to further his experience. Box 5S9.
* Call.
POSITION as draughtsman wanted by col-
lege man with excellent preparation. Box
• 6SS. Call: • ¦
STRICTLY sober man, understands care of
horses, milk, good driver and. general bandy
- man.- Address box 576, Call office.
WANTED— A • ucsitlon on cattle, fruit or,
chicken ranch' or other work. . J. KARK. <
812: McAllister st.
BOOKKEEPER" wants small set of books dur-
injr lelturw tiro*. Max 5U1. Call ofBr.«.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE- -Con .
GIRL for general housework: .1 adult?: no
washing: wasres $2l>. Slti East Nineteenth St.*
East Oakland.
COOK: 2 In help: car fare. 115 l>uiah st.
EXPERIENCED tuckers ami operators: also
girls to sew buttons on ladles' waints. :is 1st.
GIRL for t>n«ral housework and cooking.
221i> Central ave.: i-artare paid.
GIRL for lisht housework. 737 Green it
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
Chutes B p. m. Wednesday: salary no ohj«ct.
HELP WA5TED-3I.UE.
A— M VII RAV^nRE^\T)YT~634^3G~Ctay~sT
Phone Main WI.S.
Leadinsf Employment and I-ahor Asrata.
1003 we gave 1901 w» hope to
€0,000 men work. increase tJO.OOO
SOUTH.
ARIZONA. CLOSE TO PRESCOTT
810 Miles. Arizona. $9 10.
SHIP DAILY
TO
ARIZONA.
Butter-maker and dairyman, hctel, Nevada;
see- boss liere; $50 and found.
Blacksmith, small ranch. Monterey County.
J :."• and found.
Urainw and painter, city; boy for paint
store; man to run chicken ranch on shares;
3 section hands, railroad, free fare.
Blacksmith and machinist to go to Central
America for mine company; fare paid; see
boss here; wages $125 and found, gold.
25 woodchoppers. summer ajid winter Job:
redwood «Oc. pine $1 25, nardwood $1 30 cord.
2 woedchoppers. Mariposa County. $2 cord.
Foreman, small planing mill: se» boss her».
Plaster rr.ol'Jmakpr, terra cotta works, $2 25
I day. .
1 Waiter, country louvre. $35 found.
2 elevator bovs>. ,
Milker, fare paid. $S5 found. ' %
14 farmhand*. $2t> an.l $.".<> fd. ; 4 pruaem.
• 'ooper. Mack work, goo-1 job.
Shingle sawyer, north, $fi5 found.
S'nln?lf jointer. Menilocino County, 135 found.
Carriage trimmer, south.
Nursery man. orchard, $28 found.
Pastry cook nn.l baker, country hotel. $50 fd.
2 marrieil laborers.
MURRAY & READY. eC4-6."B Clay St.
A— PACFltr EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
526 — Montgomery St. — 52&
Thone Main 1101 Upstair*
Blacksmith and do machin* work, min#.
CENTRAL AMERICA— FREE FARE.
See rarty here; $125 gold month and found.
FRFE FARE— BIO JOB — FREE FARE
8 laborers, you'll suit. $- day; 2 cook* on
ranches. $2O and $25 f d. ; cook. B. II.. »e»
boss here. ?40 fd: head waiter, country ho-
tel first class, free fare: 2 tlmberrnen. mine,
north, $75; all around planing mill man.
t.ik- charge country, see boss here. $60 fd. :
15 woodchoprer?. north, big Co., 4-foot red-
wood, 8O0 cord. 4-foot pine, $t 25 cord; 1-foot
hardwood. $1 6O cord.
CARPET salesman for country store. $80: bell--
boy, $1"> and hoard ; janitor and engineer. $.",O;
and found; man about place. $25 and found;
boys to learn trade, $\ week and increase;
Italian choreman, $20 to $25 and found:
Swisa rn"i!ker and wife; potwasher and cook'*
helper $40- restaurant baker ini short order
cook. $1.". week, and others. J. F. CROSETT
& CO.. C2S Sacramento st.
AT CAL. EMP. AGENCY. 14 Third St., near
Call building.
4 Italian laborers for city. $2 25 a day; 10
laborers, station work, railway; grafter on
prunes, must be experienced.
BIG money for salesman; write for our com-
plete samDle outfit of woolens: we mak»
made to measure clothing superior to any;
experience not required; explicit instructions;
our prices lowest; your profits) largest: op-
portunity to increase y«ur Income; exclusive
territory: abundant advertising matter; free
— not on« cent do you have to Invest: w*
start you in paying business; don't misa this
chance. Lock Box No. 88'J. Chicago, 111.
WANTED — For V. S. army, able-bodied un-
married men. between ages of 21 And 35:
citizens of United States, of good character
and temperate habits, who can speak. m<i
and write English. For iiifonr tation apply to
Recruiting Officer. Rlalto building. Ne-
Montgomery at.. San Francisco, or 1028 dec «
ond st.. Sacramento. Cal. ™
A_ ~~ E _
Men to Ieam the barber trade la two month*
and secure good positions; catalogue and full
Information mailed free. MOLETt System
Cclle«e. 635 Clay st.
THREE young men to earn their way th— u«_
college by working outside of school hours,
board not included. California Business Col-
I?ge. 303 Larkin st.
TRY our men's shoes, union mada. at $1 a_3
$1 50 per pair, foot-form shoes at $2 50, or
orthopedic shoes. $-': 50; best shoes on earth. 11
Third st.. Exam. bldg.. 5 doers from Maxkst.
WANTED — A first-class Job pressman on <V>r-
don presses. Apply SAXBOFJ.', VAIL & CO..
741-7J.". Market st.
BARBER shop In hotel: 3 chairs; at sacrifice;
must sell by flr?t. Box 970. Call office.
WANTED — Young man to wait on table. 134
Powell st, at 11 o'clock.
WANTED— A dishwasher at 331 Bay st.
ED ZILKE. blacksmith, report Immediately at
900 Broadway. Oakland.
FOR sale — 2-chair barber shop; cheap. In-
quire at 107'.i Fifth st.
WANTED — Barkeeper; out of town; youn*
man preferred; $70 per month: day shift.
9'i hours: state age, nationality, single or
married and late employment: steady man
apply only; more wages If especially nuit-
able. Address K. box 560. Call office. S. F.
EXPERIENCED business men and women da-
slring mercantile position J wlt_ good com-
pensation are requested to call on the Royal
Mercantile Co.. suite 19, Columbian building.
810 Market st.. or to 852 Broadway. Oakland.
BARBERS, take notice— The office of secre-
tary and Free Employment Bureau has re-
moved to O City Hall sq.. or 1504 Market St..
Journeymen Barbers' Union, Local 14S. JO3.
R. BLEILY. Secretary.
WANTED — An ali around bookbinder; one who
can do forwarding and flnishtcg on full
bounds. Apply SANBORX, VAIL & CO.. 741
Market st. . ' ¦
WANTED — Laborer* and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third St.; 25O rooms: 25c to 50c per night.
WANTED — Men and women to learn the bar-
ber trade; wa-cs paid while learning. Ca!I
or address WESTERN COLLEGE OF BAR-
BERS. 647 Commercial st.. San Francisco.
WHY pay big prices to have your shoes half-
soled when you can get It donn for 23c. 3Oo
and 60c while you wait at 56a Misstoa st.
bet. 1st and 2d sts.. or 11 Third st. ,
YOUNG men wanted as handy men; also'
rough carpenters. 3012 Larkia St., Hyde-
street cars.
• BARBERS— For sale, half Interest In shop;
. wholesale district; easy terms; good chance.
STOLTZ. 7-':S Market st.
lOOj YOUNG men of IS years, with good char-
acter, to organize military organization. Call
at 473 Valencia st.. between <i and 8 p. m,
WANTED— A flrst-claw carrtare blacksmith at
good wages. Apply to A. MEISTER & SONS
CO.. Sacramento. Cal. ¦ ¦^
TRY our men's shoes, union made?, at $1 andf
$1 50 pair; foot-form shoea at $2 50; we pay
express or mall charges. 11 3d st.. Exam, bid.
PENSION ATTY.. M. HARRIS, 40 Ellis St.; 14
years' practice; references from thousands of,
persons for whom 1 have secured pensions.
COOK: '2 in help; car fare. 150 Bculali
st reet. _^
2-CHAIR barber shop for sale; established 7
years. Apply 222 Cough st.. near Fell.
MUSICIANS to join military band. 32* Bus_
St.. third floor, room 4.
CLERK wanted, grocery; gocd wages paid.
F. O. Eickhorst & Co.. Greenwich and Plorce.
WANTED — Two Brat-class carriage wood-
workera. Apply 330 Thirteenth st.
COATHAKEU wanted. 3C36 Twenty-fourth
street.
THREE-CUAIIt barber shop for sale; strictly
modern. 137 Third st.
WANTED — Man to tirtvo laundry warns: must
have $25O. French Laundry Co.. 3372 Mission.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen~for deep-water
ships. Apply DENT'S place. 2.S Steuart st.
TWO-chair barber shoo: fine mirror, wasn-
Rtacd; linoleum; $30. 1674 Mission st.
PENSION atty.. E. A,' BuIHa. room 40. Phelan
bldg. Past Com. Geo. II. Thomas Post. O.A.R.
MEN to learn barber trade. . San Francisco
Barber College. 741A Howard st.
WINCHESTER Hot'el. 44 Third «t.. near Mar-
ket— .CO rooms: 3.V night: reading rooms;
free bus and baggage to and from ferry.
ALL sizes men's tihoes. slightly c'amag«l. l»— IS
price. 563 M'sslon st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your shces half soled whlla waiting; Mo !
to COc. 6C3 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 24 sta.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED 31 AXE. _
GARDENER, first class., understands thor-
oughly all branches of gardening, with 18
years' California experience, wishes a steady
position; first-class references. Address
Gardener, 560 Howard et., German Hotel.
POSITION wanted by an electrical engineer
with long experience in the handling «f both
A C and D C machinery and familiar with
all the calculations: can take charge of
moderate sized plant. Box 615, Call^
MAN with 3 in family wishes place to care for:
practical knowledge of ranching cattle, etc.;
small wages, with privilege of raising poul-
try. Call or address Rancher, 230 Chenery st.
MAN and wife with 1 child would like posi-
tion in country; wife good cook, man good
farm hand. Address 17 Fourth st.. dan
Francisco. MR. BALDWIN.
ELECTRICIAN desires position with some one
to do electrical construction work or work
in a power station; excellent experience.
Box 5S7. Call.
RELIABLE, steady man wishes work about
private place.; can milk, attend horses anil
do plain gardening thoroughly; willing; ref-
erences. Box 621, Call office.
BARTENDER, German; sober and honest; of
long experience; can keep books; wants po-
sition in club or hotel; city or country. V.,
¦ box 140. Call..
YOUNG man (German) wishes position as
waiter in restaurant, saloon or boarding-
house. Box 620, Call.
YOUNG man, well acquainted in ths city,
wishes a position driving light wagon or
work inside. Box 621. Call.
A PAINTER, paper hanger and tinter will do
work at upeclal prices to get started. M. H.
Morris. 1914 Geary «t.; phone Pclk 2159.
EXPERIENCKD dnigsist: city or country:
competent to take full charge; licensed;
¦Ingle man. Box 603. Call.
YOUNG man (German) wants position as ship- 1
ping clerk; don't care for high wages in the I
start. Box 600. Call. !
PAINTER and paperhanger wants work by
. the day; prices reasonable. CHAS. SHIREY.
430 Sixth st. • r
A GERMAN stoke mason and cement worker,
understands reservoir and oil tank work,
wants a position. Box 414. ("all.
BARTENDER wants position, city or country;
can furnish reference. Address box 527. Call.
A BOY wants to learn a trade, plumbing pre-
ferred. Box 424, Call.
SECRETARY'S position wanted. Address 1703
Gough st.
A CAKE baker wants _ positi^i. Box 608,
Call office.
A JAPANESE boy wants to do housework,
from 4 o'clock afternoon, and morning work.
Box 771. Call office.
CLASSIFIED advertism ents ar.d subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1008
Valencia st.
JPACIAI. MASSAQE.
A — WRINKLES removed; fine complexion guar-
anteed; new method: 50c. M. LUTON. mani-
curing parlors. 764 Larkin st. : phone Polk 17.
FEATHKIt RENOVATING.
BY new. healthful process. Cal. Steam Feather
Co.. 325 Van Ness ave.; tel. Howard 3167.
FINANCIAL.
4t, PER CENT
Is paid on ordinary savings accounts and 6
per cent on term accounts by the Phoenix
Savings B. ar.d L. Association. 516 Cali-
fornia st. A. A. Watkins. president: Charles
R. Bishop, vice president; S. Premiss Smitif,
treasurer; Clarence Grange, secretary and man-
aging director; Gavin McNab, attorney: George
C. Boardman and Charles E. Ladd, directors;
"Walter K. Smith, cashier.
Subscribed capital. $3,000,000: paid In capi-
tal. $l.0C0.OOO; reserve fund. $2CO.0OO.
COMPANIES incorporated, financed and stock
floated. W. H. BITTNER. Lawyer and Fi-
nancial Agent. 322 Emma Spreckels bldg.
FLATS TO LET.
A — HOUSES and flats to let: aa immense Hat:
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; it will' save you time and
trouble. Cordea Furniture Co., 245-229. Gear/
•t., oa the square.
ALL of the most desirable flats and houses ar*
listed In our renting department; let us give
you a list and help you find one in the loca-
tion you want. STERLING FURNITURE
COMPANY. 1039 Market at.; services abso-
lutely free.
WASHINGTON. 2S72 and 2S7S. corner Devis-
adero — Elegant, modern, artistic, sunny flats;
8 rooms and bath each: complete in every
detail: rents reasonable. SHAINWALD.
BUCKBEE &. CO.. 21S-220 Montgomery st.
FOLSOM.' 655. cor. Hawthorne— Modern flat; 6
- rooms and bath. * •
DOLORES, 235, nr 16th — Elegant new modern
flat. 8 sunny rooms: bath: 5 bay windows.
NEW sunny flat; 7 rooms and bath. 3530
Sacramento st.; rent $35.
NW. cor. McAllister and Fillmore sts., 7 sunny
rooms, with five bay windows: rent $53.
UNION, 97S— Flat, 5 rooms, bath. $15; 1620
Point Lobog ave., 3 rooms. $8.
$7—2 LARGE rooms and yard. 726^ Harri-
son st., bet. Third and Fourth.
FLATS KOK SALE; KUHMSHED.
6-ROOM flat, furnished, for sal*; part of rooms
rented: downtown; rent $20 per month.. Box
725, Call office. -> .
OAJBP S54 — Flat 5 rooms: a snap.
FURMTlllK FOIl SALE).
FOR sale — Furniture of 3 rooms, complete for
housekeeping. In sunny 6-room flat; can be'
arranged 'as 2 flats; flat to let. 250 Fell st.
FOR sale — Furniture of a 6-room flat; carpets,
bedroom suites, parlor set. dining-room and
kitchen furniture: all new. only been used
6 months. Address box 631. Call.
A — Brass beds, hair mattresses, -weathered ma-
hogany, maple, furn.; handsome dining suit.
draperles,curtains;tel. Page 718. 10CG Halght
FOUR rooms to let; furniture for sale. 402 }£
Tenth st.
HJIIMTURE WASTED.
HIGHEST prices for furniture and mdse. L. H.
BURP, auctioneer. ISIS Mkt.: tel. Howard 2756
HELP WANTED— FEMALES.
COOK for country hotel $3--»
• Cook, delicatessen, sleep home $30
r> cooks, with and without washing. $30, ;:."»
t; second girls $20, S25
Infant nurse $2.5
Z nurse girls $15, $20, $25
Chambermaid $25
Waitrese. small restaurant ss
5 chambermaids, wait 1 meal $20, $22 5o
Dishwasher, country hotel $20
44 houseglrls.. city and country, $20. $23, $3(f
Apply J. F. CROSETT & CO., 3S4 Sutter st.
WANTED — Mother and daughter or two
friends; mother cook and housekeeper;
daughter upstairs work and care for two
• children; wages $40 to $50. C. R. HANSEN
6 CO.. 429 Bush st.
A WAITRESS. $30; second girl, $30; cook, $40;
two cooks. &55 and $30; chambermaid, $20;
Gefihan nurse girl. $2.': two second girls,
$23; 10 house girls. $::r. and $U0. MRS
NORTON. Sutter st.
WOMAN as housekeeper and companion for
elderly lady. Cal. Emp. Agency, 14 Gd *t.
A — WANTED — Girls to learn halrdresslng
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
In 2 weeks; $5 to those entertns no— ;3 po-
sitions to fill immediately; positions guaraa-
• teed at $10 per week up; leading school in
West. 2U3 Geary st.. room 13.
A — Girls to learn millinery now for spring sea-
son: both seasons taught from start to finish
In 1 month for $15; positions as trimmers,
salesladies, etc.. guaranteed at $10 per wk. up;
. day and evening class. 14.1 Stockton St.. r. 13.
A — LADIES to learn all branches halrdresslng
trade, manicuring, massage, etc. 1236 Mar-
ket St.. cor. Jones, room 94; positions secured
at highest wages; day and eve. class; call.
SEWINO MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS: NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY:
PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS A CO.'S
FACTORIES. 32^4 FREMONT ST. AND 1873
MISSION. NKAR FIFTEENTH. i
WANTED— Experienced saleslady for ribbon,
veiling, and fancy, goods . dep'ts: only one
having _ yeans' city experience need apply.
SIAKKS BROS., 1220 Market _t.
SEAMSTRESSES wanted. Apply Wednesday.
• Thursday and Friday. S24 • San Pablo avo..
Oakland. ___^ j
NEAT girl • for general housework. 2706 Sac-
ramento st.
LODGIXG HOUSES FOR SALE— -Con.
MARION GRIFFIN,
40G Hearst building, over Examiner entrance.
Modern business methods in fine front offices.
Phone Black 3607, or take elevator to 4th floor.
Up-to-date title abstract free with every sale.
We do business strictly according to law.
103 ROOMS— A-RISTOCRATIC.
New and modern apartments, elegantly fur-
nished: 8-year lease; income $1097; expenses
$Go9; exact profit $458 per' month; the why,
sickness.
30 ROOMS— SWELL..
and modern; extra fine furnishings; hot
water in every room; fashionable location; only
?-l>CO cash necessary; clears $175 month.
! 50-ROOM CORNER.
I New and modern; 4-year lease; price $4000;
1 clears $207 per month; almost no work.
24 ROOMS— EXTRA.
New and modern; on Sutter st.; elegantly
furnished, and clears $150 to $175 monthly.
20 UP-TO-DATE ROOMS.
New and modern; mahogany furniture:
heavy Brussels carpets; hair mattresses; clean
ana quiet: Income $111 over expenses; all per-
manent roomers.
15-R00M SNAP,
New and modern; splendid eunny corner;
clears J80; will sell for $1200 less than cost.
10 ROOMS ON SUNNY SIDE.
New and modern: rent $50; full of nice peo-
ple; small amount down and monthly Install-
ments. . "~
44 ROOMS — A MINT.
.Others hnve cleared $500 a month in this
house; better Investigate and make an offer.
¦ t 11 ROOMS— A GIFT. ',
Only $150; big bargain; only partly furnished;
run of roomers: price only $150 U. S. money.
t 65 ROOMS— DEPENDABLE.
New and modern: 5-year lease; splendid fur-
, nlshings; profit $4.12 over all expenses.
' 2t ROOMS— O. K.
Centrally located, north of Market St.; part
ornces; clears steadily $30 month; very easy
term*.
40-ROOM SNAP.
: New house; new furniture: owner has rheu-
matism .and compelled to sell: price asked Is
$o000.
28 ROOMS — CHEAP.
Cheap rent. $50: cheap houpe, $1250; but It
must ba sold: full; part housekeeping.
1 32 ROOMS— SWELL.
Spacious grounds: corner; homelike; nice/
clas« of roomers; rent only $125; profit $200. ;
S2-ROOM HOTEL.
Mechanics' headquarters; well established;
a full house all the time; bar; a splendid busi-
ness.
15 ROOMS— PERMANENT & TRANSIENT.
Good for .$100 month; $1200; one-third down.
FAMILY hotel, across th« bay; aunny corner;
central; t54 rooms; rent $115: clears $550 per
month; a bargain; must sell. Address box
!'4S. Call office. .
A NEWLY furnished house; all oak furniture:
10 rooms, all rented; will sell at valuation of
furniture. 740 Ellis St.
FOR sale— Lodging house. 32 rooms, $2S50;
down town on prominent street, near Market.
Box 036. Call. ¦
HOUSE, good location, 4 blocks from Market
Et. ; 15 rooms; good paying house; will tell
reasonable; low, rent- Box 550. Call.
LODGING house, 22 rooms; prlca $2750; on
Powell nt.: central location. Box S12, Call.
SPIKITUALIS3I.
MRS. DR. MARTIN, wonderful spiritual heal-
er and business medium; mining a specialty:
advice I guarantee on all business proposi-
tions to be successful. My wonderful mag-
net will bring reconciliation and lasting
peace with the one you love; readings by
mail most catisfactory, $2; readings dally,
$1; developing class Thursday, 8 p. m. 50*«
Eddy st.
C V. MILLER'S Mother Sadie's materializing
seance to-night. S o'clock; $1. 1084 Bush st.
A — MRS. CRINDLE. materializing seance
Wednesday eve.; 50e. 328 Ellis, 8 o'clock.
MRS. LESTER, test and business medium; cir-
cle to-night, 10c; read, daily. 34 6th, rm. 8.
MRS. KOTTER. circle every night, 10c: devel-
oping circle Mon. eve.; sit, dally. 43 Sixth.
PROF. FRED EVANS, noted clairvoyant and
plate- writer. 1112 Eddy. Phone Scott SS7.
MRS. TRACY, 143 Hyde St.. clairvoyant; cir-
cles 10c. Tue. & Thur., 8 p. m. ; reads. 50c-$l.
KATIE HEUSSMANN'S circle Friday eve.,
25c: elt. dally. 1000 Harrison; tel. Mint B97.
EDWARD EARLE. 10«2 Ellis, readtnrs dally.
8:80 to 4; Keances Sunday and Thurada— .
CLAIRVOYANTS.
CASHMIRE - — 'ca'sHMIRE
310 Ellis st.. near Taylor.
The Only Psychic Intermediator
of Secret Power in America.
Clairvoyant, Palmist, Trance Medium.
So strange Is her work, without word or
question tells you Just what you want to
know; tells your name In full and the name
of the one you will marry.
A— $1 THIS WEEK $1
Wonderful, bewildering is the' work of
Cashmlre, pe*r of all clairvoyants; her read-
ings are a revelation: advice on. love, mar-
riage, courtship, business, mines; reunites
the separated; gives secret power to control
any one in 21 days; removes evil Influences;
develops mediums; locates hidden treasure;
gives names, dates, facts; readings by mall.
A— PAUL DESTINE,
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant
and Palmist Ever In San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge if I fail to tell your name, oc-
cupation and what you called for; I promise to
tell you whether husband, wife or sweetheart
is true or falue: tell who and when you will
marry: In fact, I will tell every hope, fear or
ambition better than you can t?ll yourself: I
reunite the separated, restore lost affections,
cause happy marriage, give good luck, restore
lost enercv: 10 a. in. to 8 p. m.: Sunday. 2 to 6.
326 OFarrell «t. Low fa*» thts week— $1.
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third st...next Examiner
bldg.: she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description, of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur in the future: If you are In trouble,
discontented, or not satisfied with life, or
have domestic, love or business troubles, con-
sult this great medium and you will ba told
how to overcome them; valuable advice In all
affaire of life; 25c up: satisfaction guaran-
teed: readings by mail. Tel. Black 4569.
ISM AR." the Egyptian gyp«y. clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
St.', cor. Turk; private readings dally, 10 a.
m. to B p. m.; readings by mall as satisfac-
tory as In person: 3 questions answered, $1;
full life, $3; send lock of, hair, date of year
of birth; don't send currency; send postofflce.
Wells-Fargo money order or registered letter.
RETURNED from her European trip— Miss M.
Wille. clairvoyant, crystal • seer: readings
dally $1; lira 10 to 8. 460 Geary, tel. Green 39.
MME. -RAVENNA reads life, business advice,
names given, 25c up; | owing to repairs at 5 4th
will receive patrons 835 Howard until Feb 1.
MRS! A. H~~KRONENBERG.~ palmist, clalr-
voyant, card reader: when others fall try me;
good reading 10c. 721 Franklin, nr. G.G. ave.
MME. PARKHURST. clairvoyant and card
reader; business advice: sittings daily: 10 to
12 a. m.^l to 7 p.m.; 25c up. 3S McAllister.
A — GO to Mrs. Dr. Gordon, Scotch seercss, and
know the truth. 108 Sixth st,.
MISS ZEMDAR. young gifted clair. and palm.;
names; I. 50c, g. $t. 714 Franklin, nr.G.G.ave
MISS WARD, for a few days, 917 Market, rs.
11-12; gives, dates, names, facts. Hours 11-9.
MRS. . BROW.N, clairvoyant, card reader, re-
moved from 132 6th to 23}i 6th; la. 25c,g. 50c.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader In city.
20 15 Kearny. room 20: ladles. 25c: gents. 50c.
MME. ¦ LE FERN, the card reader, has re-
" moved from 109 Fifth st. to US Ninth et.
CLAIRVOYANT— 2303 Folsom st.; 25cand50c;
. hours, 10 to. 5. .'
MRS. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune-
teller. 1> row at 317 Ellis st.
MRS. SHAF1SR, clairvoyant, card reader: sit-
tings dally. 448',J Jessie st.. bet. 6th and fith.
CARPET
AIR now universally used in cleaning carpets
on floor, -without removal: i Ice moderate;
6. F. Compressed Air Cleaning Co.. Call
building. Phone -Main C237.
WHEN you become disgusted -with your work
cend for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
lng Works. 355-357 Tehama st.; tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works, 1S09 Har-
' rlson st. : Al cleaning: 3c; tel. . Mission 225.
HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet beating; mat-
stresses made over. 1432 Howard ;tel. South 216.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 384. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703_HMTlson st. : tel. Mission 263.
CON KLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
33" Golden Gat> ave.; telephone East SB.
• COLLISCTIOX : OFFICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
city or country PACIFIC COLLECTION
¦ CO. : 41S Montg-mei— . •> room* - »-10: f I. 'Igwa. '.
CURES SUFX'UUE. • >
WHO DOES IT? - HUNTEPs 1208 Market st.
. Bend for circular. - Wby will you auger Z .
ATTORXEY-AT-LAAV-— Continued.
DIVORCE — Costs.- $12: quick, quiet: advice
free: open evenings. 927 Market St.. r. 301.
; L. S. CLARK, 9'-*7 Market ft.; consultation
I free; no fees in advance: open evenings.
PHtns. POG8.1 ETC.
Selling out Roller Canary Uird?. males and fe-
males: (Joldfinch Canary mult*. :SltS ltith »t.
BPSIA'ESg CHAJVCES.
A— $3500; THE leading restaurant of this city;
rent $150; surrounded by :5 theaters; private
boxes for ladles; a first -class paying place.
R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.'
i A— SlCOO: SALOON: rent $40; place doing «
pood business; clearing for owner at least
K\V> per month; patronized by merchants and
printers mostly; no night or Sunday work; a
rare chance. Particulars R. G. WILKE. 20^
Kearny et.
A— $1200: CORNER saloon on Clay St.. near
Front: mercantile lunch; rent $15; eatabli*h-
ed years: good butlness. R. G. WILKE,
26 i-j Kearny st.
A— $800; CIGAR stand on California St., near
Sansome: rent $40; value in sight; a place
where any man easily can clear $200 per
month. See R. G. V.'ILKE. 26^ Kearny «t.
A— SieoO; RESTAURANT and coffee saloon
Just a few doors from Market et. : owners
clearing at leapt $300 per month; will give
trial to purchaser if he means business;
sickness of one of the partners only causa
of ea'.e. If you invest In this business your
money is well invested. See R. G. WILKE.
26^4 Kearny gt.
A— S4000: CORNER saloon In wholesale dis-
trict; net rent $tJ5; lea*e; this is one of the
leading and best paying 'places in this city:
no nipht work. Call R. G. AVILKE. 28*4
Kearny st.
A^$1230: DELICATESSEN and dairy produce
*tore; close to Market and Stockton sts.;
large stock- clears at least $250 per month;
full value In sight: a splendid offer. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26V4 Kearny st.
A— ROADHOUSE with 15 newly furnished
rooms; bathroom, barn. 1 cart. 1 electric
piano; 10 years' lease; rent $43; price $3000;
business very good: that is all. For particu-
_ lars *ee R. G.. WILKE. 2C% Kearny st.
A— $1500: BUTCHER shop In Western AddT
tion; rent $40: weekly sale about 4 steers.
25 sheep; 1 horse. 1 wagon; daily receipts
about $40. See R. G. WILKE. HQV, Kearny.
A— $1750; CORNER grocery and bar on
Guerrero et.; lease; a good paying business;
fresh stock; all each trade. Particulars R.
G WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— $1400; CORNETt grocery and bar on De-
visadero St.: owner lias a fine paying busi-
ness, but family affairs compel him to
l^ave for East. See R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearny st.
A— $600; DRY goods and notion store with 4
fine furnished rooms on Mission "t.; splendid
chance for man and wife. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26>4 Kearny st.
A — $1500; THE best oyster stand In Portland.
Or.; a man with first-class references can
leave $700 stand on the business. See R. G.
WILKE. 26>£ Kearny et.
A— $500— BRANCH • bakery and candy store,
with living rooms; daily receipts about $10;
choicest location in the Mission. See R. G.
WILKE. 2t>'* Kearny st.
A — $400; GROCERY and bar on Howard St.;
living rooms; rent $20: good place. See R.
G. WILKE. 26 H Kearny st.
FOR Fale or exchange for large rooming or
apartment house, li'K acres, near Santa Cruz;
6-room modn-n couan?; hot and cold water:
all well furnished; 40 acres vineyard: 20
ncres grain; SOU apple trees:' 300 cherries;
•OO prunes; also pear trees; wine tanks hold-
Ing NOGO callons; all cooperage; large barn;
racking-houses: blacksmith shop equipped
with tools; 2-rooni house for hired man;
also quarters for other help; 7 ' more acres
ready for setting more granes; several cords
wood cut: dryers; Incubators; 2 horses; wag-
ons: carriage; 2 piss; 6 sheep; Jersey cow;
!<• chickens: larming implement?: plenty
all kinds packing boxes; flowers of all kinds;
fountain with _oldfii=h; balance of land in
timber; running creek passes house; water
piped all over place; in case of trade will
pay (!iff«renc<* in cash; price $12,000; an
ideal home. CAMKRON & CO.. U Kddy Et.
FOR sale or trade — Quartz mine: fine prospect;
located in Cal.; assays ?40 to $70 ton; trade
for r'mg house or business. Cameron, 3 Eddy.
FOR sale — Well-located candy Etore.; all equip-
ped for making own candies; established 8
years; clearing over $200 per month; will in-
voite about S120<t. CAMERON. 3 Eddy st.
FOR cale — One of the b(*st restaurant? in city;
<-hoar> rent; receipts $75 to $100 per day; will
brar Investigation: price $1500; also one in
gor.1 location for S330. CAMERON & CO.,
.'! Eddy Et.
OUR new "Duplex-Scale System" won over 200
per cent In the past 22 days on Frisco races;
fcr proefs and references ask any subscriber
on our list, or call and investigate; explana-
tion free to regular subscribers at our office
only; commissions handled on this system for
25 per cent of the net weekly profits. Terms
fcr our Handicap sheets. $2 per dav or $10
per wt-ek. N. S. HAND, expert handicapper,
rooms 1, 2 and 3, 113 Stockton St.. S. F. •
A— 3 PER CENT MONTHLY. "
On Investments of $100 and upward; no "get-
rlch-quick" swindle, turf speculation or gam-
bling schema, but a reputable, established
business enterprise in San Francisco; cleared
St)7,000 last year on $100,000 capital; stocK
increased $20,000 to »erriarge plant: cail
cr write for particular?.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st.
FOR sale — Butclier s-hoo. Western Addition;
neighborhood first class; nothing but best of
. trade at good nrices; fixtures new and first
class; horst?, wagon and cart and all tools;
a good wagon trade: will sell everything for
fUZft. Box 'Jft4. Call office; no agents.
FOR pale — Stationery, candy and toy store;
has run for several years; with 4 living
rooms, with or without furniture; close to
Market Et. : In good location for business.
I must sell as other business compels me
to leave. Address box 90S. Call.
IF I can. show you that I have a turf system
which has not had a losing day will you put
up $5C0 with my $500 to operate it? We can
make $5000 in twelve weeks. Box 933, Call.
TAILORING and Rents' furnishing business
for sale; doing the largest business in one
of the best cities on Puget Sound; excellent
opportunity for two young men with small
capital. Address C. ROBERTS, 101 Va-
llojo St.. city. .
FOR tale — Stationery, books, notions,, china
and aente and tinware store; centrally lo-
cated: on streetcar line; _ood trade; 3 liv-
ing rooms; place well established. Box 611,
Call office.
ANY one can make $2000 clear in three to six
month's by Investing $600; no chance to lose:
one who wishes can give a part or all of
their time prefejred. Box 923. Call office.
A — $600; FRUIT store; horse and wagon; cash
register; safe; large stock. Eureka Co. 719
Market et.
A— $2GO; PARTNER in est. office and commls-
Bien business; guarantee $80 month; no ex-
perience necesry; barg'n. BROWN, 1221 Mkt.
WILL sell for $150 a business paying $S0 to
$lx> per month. For Information addreiss
box 5'JO. Call office.
AN established butcher business; $300 a week •
rent $25; stable. Box 558, Call office. Phone
Church 4593.
FOR sale, account of sickness, corner saloon
and lunch house, including « furnished rocms.
Inquire Broadway Brewery, 19th and Folsom.
BAZAAR and stationery store: sood location
and clean stock. For particulars apply bc-
tvieen 1 and 3 at 2550 Mission at.
FOR tale — Delicatessen store on business
street . one block from Market; good trade.
Box »S1. Cail.
DELICATESSEN store for sale: centrally lo-
. catea; >n Western Addition: good trade: on
car line; no competition. Box SSI. Call.
RESTAURANT in Oakland, on principal
•street; central: meals 10c and uy; «:ood
trade; iow rent; make offer. Box SS7. Call.
RESTAURANT on water front; good run of
trade; location good; closed Sundays; price
?25O. Box 972. Call office.
TWO-CHAIR barber shop. $50: flat of 7 rooms.
$l.*0; saloon, with It furnished rooms, $1000.
Boston jteal Estate. *S Mason st.
WILL sell my dye works in Oakland .--good
«)U»ines&; profit* big. Addrers for particu-
lars. box 71S. Call.
FOR tale — Lumber yard; good location: excel-
lent chance to get a yard on small payment
.down: no agents. Box 375. Call. ,
A— $400 CIGAR stand on corner. Inquire 5
Hyde st.
FOR sale— Complete dyeing and cleaning
workfe; good location. Box 526. Call office.
SALOON, for *=alc Inquire 10 a. m.. Golden
Eagle Plat. Co.. cor. Pine and Montgomery.
CIGAR store for sale on Market st, near
Third; lease price low. Address '^ox 977, Call.
$750— DELICATESSEN More, with 15 steady,
boardens: can increase trade. 3ox 065.- Call.
FOR sale — S— !oon on a prominent driveway
good trade. Box 738. Call.
CIUAK stand; -down' town' In wholenale dis-
trict; _ood stand. Address box 731. Call.
JOK?: D. SPBECKEZ.S. Proprietor.
Afltoa pamiiiiattiat-tt Wk KtlADflHT, Maiagr
\Y. J. MARTIN Business Manager
TELEPHONE.
Afk tor THE CALL. The Operator V.'ill Con-
nect You With tlie Department You Wish.
Pub:ica!icn Orflce Market acd Third. S. F.
Editorial Room 217 to 221 Stevenson st.
Delivered by Carrieiy. 2(» Cts. Per Week. 75
Cts Per Month, t-ingle Copies 5 Cents.
Terms by Mail. Including Postage tCash With
Ord « r > : . „„
DAILY CALL (inelud. Sunday). 1 year..$SOO
DAILY CALL (inelud. Sunday). 6 mos.. 4.00
DAILT CALL— By Single Montb... 75c
FVNDAY CALL 1 Year.,, 2.&O
WT.EKI.Y CALL. 1 Year lo< >
F-rtTivw'v r?ail> . .$8.SJ> Per Vear h.xtra
E2S?_?K I S_ad_£ 4.\b Per Year Extra
POSTAGE. iweekly.'l.OO Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Fair ipie Copies wi'.l be forwarded when re-
Quested.
i?«!I *ub«criber* in ordering chanc* of «4-
rfrtMs fhould be particular to give both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS In order to insur* »
rrempt and correct compliance with their re»
C'jeM.
OAKLAND OFFICE.
1118 Bread-_y Telephone Main 10S3
BERKELEY OFFICE.
T14S Center Street Telephone North .7
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT.
MORTON L". CRANE 1406 G Street, N. W.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf- Astoria Hotel; A. Bretan-i. 31
fnicn Square; Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-ave-
cue Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Fherrr isn House: P O. News Co.; Gr«at
Northern Hotel: freniont House; Auditorium
Hctel; Palrr.fr Hcuse.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C GEOP.OE KRO<;NF.SS..Mar<iu«-tte Building
<Long Distance Teleiihore. "Central 2619.")
NET.' TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C CARLTON Herald Squar*
FCPINEFS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Csil. correr Market and. Third streets: open
until 12 o'clock "very night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
ITS Market f.rt-et. opposite Fifth; open until
U p. in.
T?7 MTtgcmfry street corner Clay; open un-
til (»:30 p. m.
T.OO Hayfs street; open until 5>:3t) p. m.
«v>9 IfeAIttstcr street: open until 9:30 p. m.
*IS Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
"041 Minion street; open until 10 p. m.
V^f.l Market street, corner Sixteenth; open un-
tli 9 p. m.
~.cs, Eleventh street: cpen until 9 p. m.
!C?6 Valencia street; cpen until 9 p. m.
No-'.heast corner Church and Duncan etreets:
cp^n ur.til 9 p. m.
Northwest corner of Tw erity-8»cond and Ken-
tuck strettf ; op«n until 9' p. — .
?2f'O Fi:ir.ior<» ftr*pt; ryt>n urtll a p. ni.
CHl'ItCH SERVICES.
KRKE leitur's en interesting Bible subjects by
ii<»twrt MilW. the Scotch evance'ist, every
< veiling this »ft k excent Saturday at Gospel
Hail, ,'yi.itj Sixteenth st.. ti"ar Valencia, at
7 :<¦•)¦ Y'<M are cordially invited: i=<-ats fre=.
UEETI.\G AOTlCEs.
PACIFIC ls>dze No. 136. F. ar.d A. M.. _
Uasonic Temple, will meet on WEy-VV
NESDAY, the 27th, at 1:45 r. nf , M\
t" atTcnd the funeral of our late
brother. THOMAS L. KERVAN. Master
MafLiis arc invitPd.
GEORGE PENLINGTON. Sec.
CROCKETT I^-dg? No. j.-?j, j\ and A. m
M.— Thir.l <ie S r<^ THIS iWEDXES- VY
l»AVi EVENING at 7 o'clock. By or- /^S
d-r of th-.f W. U. '«-:-,•
_R. H. McPHERSON. Secretary.
_XC__6I0B LociEO No. VSO, F and A. ffi
M.— tMT..n<1 ripgi^p THIS (WED.S'Eii- W
DAY) EVEKIXO at 7 : :t0 o'clock. /Ar\ i
H. J. OWEN, Secretary.
MISSION Lode? No. UJ9. F.~alid A. M~ -
— '"all^d mating THIS (VVEDXFS. VV
DATI EVENING at 7:30 o'c'ock 7W\
_Thira desr-e. HE. ALLAN, .Sec!
AN.VJ-AL Mating— The regul ar annual rneet-
la_ of the fcto.kliol.icrs cf the Matson Navi-
pati.-n Company will he- held at the ofnVe of
:he company '327 Market it.. *an Francisco,
< al.. on-THLRSDAY. thf> 11th day of Febru- ;
*ry. l!«)4. at the hour of 2 ocloik p. m. for
the purnow . of electing a board of directors
\'< for tho ensuing year and the trans-
attion of su'h nth^r business as may come
before rhf me»tinir.
CBOBCEA. IK)CGLASS. Secretary.
MECHANICS' INSTITUTE AnnultT" Election—
The annual rk-ction for seven trustees of the '
Mechanics' Institute will be held at the Me-
chanics' Institute Library building. "1 Post
st.. San Fraiicinco. TUESDAY. Februarv 23
I'.iQl. JAMKS G. BPA-LPIXQ. Rec. .S*ec.
THR California Debris CommlEsion having re-
<"lved applications to mine by hydraulic
piocess from Lawrence Cartatta, in Alesom
D-Jtras placer rialm. near Volcano. Amador
County. Cal.. draining into Dry Creek,
vhlch reaches Mckclumne River; from Lulfri
p.n'J Victorio DemartinJ. In Railroad Hill
<;ravel m:n*. near Caiaveritas. Calaveras
bounty. Cal.. draining into San Antone
Cr*tk. which reaches Calaveras River, gives
r.otic" that meeting will be held at room IM5
Fiood building. San Francisco Cal. Feb s'
19r>4. »t 1:30 i'. m. ' ' .'
ANNUAL Meeting— The regular annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of the Union Trust
Company cf San Francisco will be held at the
rrfice of the company in the Union Trust
Comr-any's building, corner Post. Montgom-
ery and Market els.. San Francisco, Cal on
THURSDAY, the 4th day of February. 1004.
«t the hcur of 2 o'clock p. m.. for tlie pur-
pose cf electing a board cf directors to serve
lor th» following year, the amendment of the
by-laws of the company and the transaction
cf tuoh other business as may come before
the meeting.
CHARLES J. PEERING. Secretary. -
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of
the Klerra Railway Company of California
will be held at the offices of the company.
No. 1*29 Crocker buiMinj? City and County
of San Francisco. State of California on
MONDAY, the 8th day of February. 1904. at
th* hour of 11 o'clock a. m., for t_e purpose
of electing directors for the ensuing year
aM the transaction o' such other business as
mav come before said meeting. Dated at
.«an Fran.isco. Cal.. January 23. lMH s
D FRESHMAN. Secretary. '
ANNUAL MetHinp — The regular annual meet-
trig of the stockholders of The National Ic*
Oon.pany WtU be held _t the offloe of the
company. 327 Market et_. Han Fraacisco Cal
m WEDNESDAY, the Sd lay of February'.
ir»4. p.t the hour of 11 o'clock a, m.. 'or the
j.urpcte of eleotine a boari of "directors to
«— »¦» for tlse ensuing year and the transac-
tion cf f.u<.h ether business as may come
before the meeting.
J- T. DONAHUE. Secretary.
WKITT— Q.
HAVING recently acquired through "exchange
«>f property three fio scholarships In the best
College cf Advertising in the United States
J will sell them at 23 per cent discount for
cash; the college teaches advertisement writ-
ing by correspondence and assists its grad-
uates- to secure positions; catalogues fur-
nlthed on application. Address box 3028. Call.
ASTRO LOOV.
MRS. J. FRANCIS, astrologist: lessons: read-
lr.g»; hours 10 to 5. Suite 10. Hotel Langham.
ATTORNEYS- AT-I..A\\%
w. iL~birc>'ERl ' *
ATTORNEY AND COUNSELOR AT LAW.
Advice free. Phone South 74.1.
Suite U22. Emma hpreckels building
Divorces quietly and legally obtained for
¦ eight causes; damages secured for injuries to
rtreon or estate: replevins for property un-
lawfully detained; attachments and garnish-
ments for debts; bends furnished; bankruptcy
proceedings:- wills probated: estates settled;
collections made In all parte of the U. S.
A PRIVATE, quick divorce for a small fee.
6ee me and t-ave money; no pay In advance
G. W. HOWE. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.
rstablisbed 22 yrs.; rmt. L 2. 3.4 _ 5. 1st ft.
1123 Market «t. between Mason and Taylor.
Advice free all matters. Detectives employed.
n. TV. KING, Attoraey-at-Law. Exam. bldg..
Cth floor, entrance room. 611; established 20
years; all cases; general court and office prac-
tice; no fee in advance or for consultation;
evenings by appointment. Tel. Red SOW.
ADVICE free — I will advance ccst in merltorl-
otis oaec-s; divorces, probate end all other law
csecs; no lees lrt advance; open every even-
Ing. J. U. THUitSTON. S19 Market st.. r. 31.
l'< 'ES any one ewe you money? \\> win col-
lect it quickly. Call or write eoJlwtion do-
;«rtm«nt. Commercial Cfcchanze, _0.Mont>
Ifomery *t.. »"Jite S. ' »j
ADVICE FREE.' ~~ i
CdumfeM Law and Collection Agency,
Boom 65. 016 M-rket at.; tel John G2S6.
BUSINESS CHAXCES— Conti-netL
A — PROFITS $200 month: cigars, billiards and
clubroom: rent S4j; lease; invoices ¥1500;
near new postofflce; call, investigate, make
offer to SKIRM, room 72, St. Ann's, bldg.' -
I FOR pale — Oyster and chop house; cause,
trouble bet. partners; must be sold. 003^4 4th.
A BAKERY in good country town to rent.
Inquire. 40S McAllister st.
VERY low figure; well stocked, good paying
cor, bazaar; must be sold. 1600 Devisadero.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep.
tlon of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Market 8t., opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m. - ¦
1 LODGIAG-HOliSBS KOK SALES.
A. CAMEKOX &~Coi Phone SoutiTl05oT
3 Kddy et., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for rooming-houses, hotels and
all kinds of- business chances. ,
IOC-room modern fam.ily hotel: swell loca-
tion; first-class trade; ocean baths: everything
up to date; cleering $1200 per month; will be
sacrificed for one-third less than cost to fur--
nish; obliged to leave February 1; price, $15,-
000.
20 rooms; rent $75; 2 years' lease; good per-
manent and transient house; price $1200.
44 rooms: rent only $125; 5 years' lease: run-
ning water: everything in good condition;
clears $125 to $150 per month; price $2S00.
19 rooms; corner; rent $95; oak furniture;
rood carpets; hair mattresse«; part cash, bal-
ance on time.
68 rooms; rent $250: 2 years' lease; well fur-
nished throughout: close In; first-class board-
ing-house; clears $250 per month.
6 rooms and bath; rent $18; water free; ne— ,
modern flat, furnished 1 year; price $300.
220 rooms; grand, new, modern apartment-
house: elegantly furnished; swell location;
clearing $400 to $600 per month; golden oppor-
tunity.
30 rooms; rent $95; fine location; all on 2
floors; 3 years' lease; clears $100; full; $2000.
125 rooms; first-class downtown house;. 5-
year lease; cheap rent; private baths; doing
fine commercial business; reduced; see this.
116 rooms; new, elegantly appointed apart-
ment-house; one of the swellest in city: clear-
ing $500 to $600 month; splendid, opportunity.
7-room, new, modern flat: $450 cash, balance
on installments; income $45; price $550.
24 rooms; rent $140; newly furnished; fine
neighborhood; close In; always full.
162 rooms; most elegantly appointed apart-
ment-house in San Francisco: beautiful, mod-
ern building; fine entrance; cheap rent; clear-
ing $400 per month; 5-year lease; part cash,
balance S per cent per year.
8 rooms; golden oak fur.: Moquet carpets,
oil paintings; must leave city; make offer.
50 rooms; rent only $200; downtown house;
always full; clearing $200 to $300 month; new-
ly renovated and in fine condition.
13 rooms; Van Ness ave. ; oak and mahogany
furniture; a bargain If taken at once.
55 rooms; bonton location: elegant building;
luxuriously furniKlied: all modern conveniences;
grand entrance and halls; strictly up to date;
called East by sickness.
12 rooms; Post: oak furniture: Brussels car-
pets; clears $.10; $300 cash, balance on Install-
ments; price $S00.
59 rooms; new and elegant" building: fur-
nished beautifully and up to date: hot and
cold water every room; $4000 cash necessary.
7 rooms; rent $3S: modern house; new furni-
ture; clears $50; only $400 cash, balance time.
14 rooms: rent $40; new and modern little
boarding-house: fine furniture: hair mattresses;
clearing over $200 month: price $1000.
24 rooms; rent only $136: first-class condi-
tion; oak. mahogany, blrdseye maple furni-
ture: • extra fine carpets; clears $70: price
$2C00; half cash, balance 1^4 Per cent.
10 rooms; rent $50; close in; oak, blrdseye
maple fur.; fine carpets: elegant little transient
house; clears $125; part cash; price $600.
15 rooms: Van Ness ave.: rent $S5; oak. ma-
hogany furniture; always full; price $1200; al-
most new.
56 rooms; cheap rentr furnished last June;
oak furniture: Brussels carpets; clears over
$250 per menth: half cash, balance 1 per cent;
owner sick in bed
50 rooms; Bush; rent only $162; good furni-
ture, carpets: clearing over J200 per month;
only 14 rooms to take care of, balance do own
work; a snap.
31 rooms; rent $110; fur., carpets new; clears
over $100 per mo.: 2 years' lease; wife sick in
hospital; part cash; $1500.
10 rooms; rent $45; new carpets; newly pa-
pered and painted; clears $30; $450 cash, bal-
ance time.
5 rooms: Geary; rent $20; fine little home; 3
rooms rented for $25; price $200.
12 rooms; rent $,60; oak and mahogany fur.:
good carpets: fine yard and garden In . rear;
brings in $60; leaves balance landlady; price
$.900.
6 rooms; rent $33: oak fur.. Brussels carpets;"
3 rooms rented for $28; price. $300.
20 rooms; rent only $35; good fur. and car-
pets; clearing $75; owner there 7 years; full;
sickness; $000.
17 room?: rent $60: oak fur., good carpets;
clearing $70; mtg. $700 can stand;reduced $1050.
20 rooms; rent only 5100: downtown; perma-
nent roomers; clears $90 per mo.; going East;
$2100*.
C E. HINKLEY. PHONE MINT 796.
1020 Market St. Opp. Fifth.
Former patrons my best references.
Reliable dealing. Easy terms. Clear titles.
Country correspondence promptly answered.
Part cash. Balance monthly payments.
Hi rooms: Geary st. : speculation $750
31 rocms; sunny corner; rent $55 $1600
7 rooms; Loa ven worth St.; rent $30. .. . .$350
60 rooms; Market St.: liquor license. . ..$4000
17 rooms; Pine St.: clear $50 ..: $700
U rooms; Sutter st.; partially furnished. S3Ii0
' 12 rooms: California st.: rent $50; a snap.$7. r >0
31 rooms; Fourth and Market; a gift. ..$1500
10 rooms; Geary st. ; clears $40; rent $28. $500
24 rocms; Lea ven worth St.: speculation. $1000
JOrooms; Bus>h Et.: rent $."7 50; only.. ..$150
32 rooms; Market st.; 5 years' lease $2500
1<> rooms: boarding; offer wanted $000
100 rooms : grand sunny corner $7000
IS rooms; 6 unfurnished; rent $15 $500
35 rooms; trensient: lease $]500
20 rooms; lease; electric lights $(>T>0
8 rooms: Port St.: rent $."52; only $250
Grocery and bar; rent $20 $375
15 rooms: Fifth and Market; rent $35....$."i50
<>-room flat: cost* $700: rent $30 ...$350
12 rooms; Polk St.; partially furnished. . .$450
63 rooms; Mission and Sixth sts.: Iease.$45OO
45 rooms: partially furnished: rent $85.. $1500
A— CALIFORNIA INVESTMENT CO..
Phone Black COOL 777% Market st.
Bank References
Any House Sold on Easy Terms.
Grand Geary-st. flat, 8 rooms; rent $42 50;
$600; easy terms.
- Sunny corner— Eddy-st. flat, 8 rooms; ele-
gantly furnished; price $C50; see this. '
20 aunny rooms; modern; elegantly* fur-
nished; swell location; reduced to $2100; sick-
ness cause.
55-room apartment-house; sunny corner; ele-
vator; good leaee; low rent; price $4200;
bargain. \ ' - -"«'•*•
14 rooms; north of Market; rent $60; $650.
31 rooms: close to Market; snap; rent, lease;
reduced to $2400; bargain.
Atte:ition. buyers — We have the most ex-
clusive list In this city, of the new and mod-
ern rooming nnd apartment house, hotels and
flats not advertised: call on us before buying;
we have your ideal. CALIFORNIA INVEST-
MENT CO.. 777>/4 Market st. __.
A— JOS. SKIRM. 6 EDDY ST.. ST. ANN'S
BUILDING. PHONE GREEN 631.
SPECIAL BARGAINS.
20 rooms; POLK' ST. ; sunny corner;" rent
$4 room': clears $85; payments. '..'..'....'. $1500
44 ROOMS: new, . modern - building: • .
CLEARS $175 and owners reserve* 0 .
rroms: r>-yr. LEASE ; easy payments . . $2700
Any house SOLD on monthly PAYMENTS.
WHY pay rent when Andersen will sell you a
lodging-house on easy payments? ANDER-
SEN. 035 Market st., room l.\ . <
10 ROOMS: cheap rent: part cash. . balance pay.
ments. J. ANDERSEN. 935 Market st.. r. 1.
19 ROOMS; rent $75; .price $1200; easy pay-
ments. ANDERSEN, 035 Market St.
MUST sell; my two rooming houses. ; one eouth
and one north of Market, before March 1. as
I am called to Alaska; if you want a bar-
gain see my 28-r0om house, rent $37 50,
clears $t0. See owner, 417 Stockton st. ;
FOR SALE— A BOARDING-HOUSE: MEDIUM
- SIZE; ELEGANTLY FURNISHED; LOCA-
TION BEST IN THE CITY: LEASE;
OWNER LEAVING TOWN. BOX 2858,
CALL OFFICE.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', WEDNESDAY. JANUARY ,27, 1904.
13
R0O3IS TO LET— Fnrn. and Unfnrn.
UNITED STATES*- 123 Eddy, near Market^-iOO"
rooms, o5c to $1 night. $1 75 to $6 week: elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water In every
room;. elevator, read. -room; free bus:baggage.
VAN NESS ave., 619 — Elegant front parlors and
adjoining suite for offlc* or club. '
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 3d st., near Market —
Most convenient and respectable: 700 rooms; '
i 35c to $1 50 night: $2 to $S week; elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage
WOLF House. 202 - Sixth— Electric light in
every room, rooms from 15c to $1 per night.
75c to $3 per week; open all night.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch. office, cor. Duncan — Church sts.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has beer,
opened at IOCS Market St., opposite Fifth.
Own until 11 'p. m.
ROOMS AXD HOARD.
977 Pine. nr. Taylor; elegantly furnished
suites; private baths; all modern conven-
iences; excellent table. «
MCALLISTER, 781 — Nicely furnished roems,
with board; gents only.
The Wallace. 941 Van Noss, cor. O'Farrell st. —
Room and board $25 month; under new man'gt.
j ROOM and board, modern conveniences, for a
gent.; private family. 1224 Golden Gate ave.
HOTEL.' ELSMERE. 418 Sutter— Sunny rooms;
excellent table; from $Hi: single $25.
NEWPORT, 101S Pine, near Taylor — Large sun-
ny mites: also single room; excellent table.
Stevenson mansion. 807 California— Fine rooms;
new chefs; colored service; tabl* specialty.
O'FARRELL, SOS — Furnished rooms: hom»
cooking; German family; $8 per weak.
POWELL, 502, cor. Sutter— Large sunny corner
room for 2. terms reasonable; also single rm.
'ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
ROOM for two gentlemen in small German
family; Ptate price. Box 557, Call.
SA-ESMEN.
WANTED — Six city salesmen; $3 per day it
you can do the business; good men only.
lltiOi£ Broadway, Oakland, Cal., room 6,
from fl to 3.'
SEWISIC^ MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES '
NEW HOME— See our new triple-feed ma-
chines; tllghtly used; $10, $15. $20; second-
hand, $3, $5, $8: all styles; guaranteed. New
Home Sewing Machine Co., 1051 Market st,
$16 50 — NEW Improved drop-head nickel-finish,
guaranteed 10 yrs.: Zd-hand sewing machines
$2 50. $3. $4. 145 6th St.: tel. Jesale 31.36.
ES.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard st., nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
fice Post and Powell sts, ; tel. Priv. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'S storage — Furniture and merchan-
dlse. 333 Golden Gate ave.; phone East 120.
GOLDEN West Storage: advances made; 840
Mission St.; tel. Howard 041. F. W. Zehfujs.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore st. ; phone Jackson 281.'
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery
St.; tel. Main 1S40. Shipping at cut rates.
STUTTER IK G AXD STA.U.MEk1.\G.
MELBOURNE School, Van Ness-Market— Cure
in every case; individual teaching; no me.11-
cine. Inquire Into wonderful cures: home cure.
AXD SUPPLIES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No. 1
Smith Premier. $25; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 50. The
Typewriter Exchange. 536 California st.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; get par-
ticulars of L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gomery st.
A typewriter at any" price; agents Fay-Sholes,
$lt'O; Sun. $40; Commercial, $35: Postal, $25.
CUNNINGHAM, CURTISS & WELCH.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented. - repaired.
Webster Typewriting Inspec. Co.. WW Market.
DIV1D_.\D NOTICES.
THE Phoenix. Savings. Building and Loan As-
sociation. 516 California st.. San Francisco,
has declared a dividend for tha six months
ending December 20, 1903, at the annual rats
of 9 per cent on general capital stock, 6 per
cent on term certificates and 4V4 per cent on
Eavings accounts, the latter being withdraw-
able upen the same general terms and condi-
tions as are usual with savings banks.
The Phoenix has a paid In capital of $1,-
000,000 and a reserve fund and surplus of
$210,000. Its directors are: A. A. Wat kins,
president: Charles R. Bishop, vice president;
6. Prentiss Smith," treasurer; Clarence
Grange, secretary and managing director;
Gavin McNab, attorney; Charles E. Ladd and
George C. Boardman.
SAN FRANCISCO and Suburban Home Build-
ing Society, 5th floor. Mutual Savings Bank
building, 70S Market st.. opposite Third—
For the half-year ending 31st uf December.
1903. a dividend has been declared at th»
rate per annum of (12) twelve per cent on
capital stock and participating certificates.
free of taxes, payable on and after SATUR-
DAY. January 2, 1904. JOSEPH A. LEON-
ARD. Manager. HUGH CRAIG P-r—ttrr
PROPOSALS. '
UNIVERSITY o£ California, Berkeley — Notica
to Contractors, Builders and Material Men:
Nctice is hereby given that sealed bids are
solicited for performing the labor and fur-
nishing the materials for the excavation and
foundation of the central power-house on the
grounds of the University of ' California at
Berkeley, Cal., and said bids will be received
at the office of the Regents, South Hall,
Berkeley, at or before 12 o'clock M. of Feb-
ruary 3, 1904. Plans and specifications for
said excavation and foundations have been
adopted and may be examined dally at office
of the R«gents from 9 a. m. until 4 p. m.
" No bids will be considered unless accompa-
nied by a certified check or bond of bidder,
in favor of the Regents of the University of
California, equal to ten (10) per cent of his
bid with sufficient sureties, conditioned that,
it said bid be accepted, the bidder will duly
enter into a proper contract to faithfully
perform the duty arid obligations in accord-
ance with said bid and with the plans and
specifications which are hereby required to be
a part of such contract. The right to reject
any and all bids Is hereby reserved. By or-
der of the committee on grounds and build-
ings of the Board of Regents. V. H. HEN-
DERSON. Acting Secretary.
UNIVERSITY of California, Berkeley— Nolle*
to Contractors, Builders and Material Men —
Notice is hereby given that sealed bids ar»
solicited for performing the labor and fur-
nishiug the materials for the structural steel
and Iron work of California Hall on the
. groueds of the University of California at
Berkeley, Cal., and said bids will be re-
ceived at the office of the Regents. Soutn
Hall, Berkeley, at or before 12 o'clock m. of
< February 10, 1004. Plans and specifications
of said structural steel and Iron work have
b*en adopted and may be examined dally at
office of the Regents from a a. tn. until 4
No' bids will be Considered unless accom-
panied by a certified check or bond of bidder
In favor cf the Regents of the University of
California, equal to ten (13) per cent of his
bid with "sufficient sureties, conditioned that,
if said bid be accepted, the bidder will duly
enter into a proper contract i to fa/ithtully
perrorm the duty and obligations In accord-
ance with said bid and with the plans and
xpeciflcatlonn which are hereby required to
be a part of such contract. The right to re-
ject any and all bids U hereby reserved.
By order of the Committee on Grounds and
Buildings of the Board of Regents. V. H.
HENDERSON. Secretary. '
"BIDS will be received until February 15. 19O4.
for the drilling of an oil well within 5 miles
of Evanston. Wyo.: plenty of water near by:
coal can- be i>ut at the - eil at from $3 to $:i 50
per ton: the contractors to furnish everything
and must prosecute the work diligently day
and night until completed. Bidders will
make ser<arate bids at .so much per foot to 1
Fink 10C0 feet. 1500 feet, and 2000 feet deep; J
the size of the hole to .be not less than Mi
Inches at the bottom on completion. TIjc
right Is reserved to reject any and all bids
If the price Is excessive. For further par-
ticulars write or call on the undersigned or
FRANK M. F00TE. Evanston. Wyoming.
W. D. SANBORN. trustee. 631 . Market it.
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal.. Jan. 25, 1904. —
Sealed oropoaals. In triplicate, will be re-
ceived here until 11 o'clock a. m.. February
/ 2D, 1904, and then opened for construction of
/ a brick hospital (Including plumbing, gas
. piping and hf>a»ing) at Fort McDowell, Cal.
Government reserves the rltrht to reject or
accept any or all bids in whole or In part.
Information furnished on application to WM.
S. PATTEN. Assistant Quartermaster Gen-
eral. Chief Q. M. ' .
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal.. January 23, 1004—
Sealed ¦• proposals. In triplicate, j will • b» re-
: eel ved here until 11 o'clock a; m.. February
23 1904. and then opened.' for construction
¦ of frame lavatory, including plumbing, at
Fort Mason/ Cal. » Government reserves the
right to reject or accept any or all bids In
whol" or In part. « Information furnished on
application to WM S. PATTEN. Assistant
Quartermaster General, Chief Q.M.
. AXD WACCXS.
s!f£_J*ri_r Ho ~* or two ninety days for their
Mf'A "turned in s<Jod condition. Answer
ONE tcp wajron and one small delivery "wagon
T. r c al'*. r.12 <Joujrh Et.
£?2»,"Si__? s<-cir.d-h*nd cxpve?s •nagens ani
0 fucks. I!ea!e st,
I^ ea i le «./^ ap: 3 ¦ prtn « masons.
. -° e ~t * 2d-6_ad ~ agon. 1CS0 Mi«Ion.nr.l3tli.
•'*LJi' XrRE " S w scon. light camping wagon
,!___***'* *"** **"*»•» °? MlssWi «t.
"¦*•*•• y~"»lB— IM-Kar.d wagons, bdcfcb'd. mat-
' ¦'••nf r >.y.rik. 1 !r:vii!>r \vr*t*. 15tW~ Valencia.
BOCSISS TO LET.
A ~*' ri^'TKD list of hcutes to let; send for clr-
_cular. GH.UMBhLX & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
'A — HOUSES sr.fl fiat* to let; an !min«!n t!st:
*£rv:ce ebsoiuteiy free; take cdv.-i-.tane of
tnu O^pmrtrr.ertt; it will eare you time and
trxubie. Ccruts Fcrcltur« Co.. U1S-2SV Geary
•U, en Lbe tquare.
iJCFOliE rr.oving ret cur printed list of bousei
•¦ to let. BALDWIN tt HOWELL. 25 Post st.
v 'HEAPnST end bent in America — The Weekly
J. 6 ". 16 parrs, pfr.t to any address In the
* r»t^d ataus nr rans*.* one year for $1.
•ISVESTM— \ TS.
BONDS STOCKS AND MORTGAGES^
All <;jvid>nd-pevin* securities for tale.
GI'RMANIA. INVEST CO.. K7 Market ft.
LOST AXD FOIXD.
JXtST — A t— — book »nt> the Hibernia Savicjts
.and Loan S.x-ifty of San Francisco In the
narr.p o; James Powera. No. 2i"5-14S»f!. Tne
find.-r will pie— :*-turn to bank.
LO6T— OoM watch and fob; monosram on
S'«r-k«-t. .1. MrF. Flatter «ili r>lt<a*e return to
ISO! Market f-t . rcx.m* 33 ana arid receive
:;*¦>•-!£.! reward.
LOST— Jan. 2'<, lirnwn fpanirl; white streak
.en breast, tail docked. Rpturn to 11^9
Mc.Wliftt-r st. end receive reward.
LOST — A lar*re mai«> collie, white and tan: an-
jkyti to the nam* of Imp; liberal reward.
-Return 120* Sutter Ft.
. LOST-— A lady's eur.burst diamond pin, con-
taininsr live diamonds. Saturday nipht, Jan.
•J-l: -lU'tral reward. 1023 Washington et.
.LOST — Skyt terriT. ¦— twerSas; to the name of
¦•Bc*s;o." Return to ISIS Turk et. and re-
ceive liberal reward.
FO l ' N T>— BuIIJojr, with cellar. Address bcx
" S-X7 CaH office.
A. BR-VNC:! off.ci; of The Call for the reception
.of e£i< r \. ¦!¦•-.:• r.«.- and subscriptions has beea
opened »t ICC* Market St.. opposite Fifth.
. Qppn unt 1 II p. m.
*__ MEDICAL.
MRS- DR. WYETH7~6peciTl7«~7cr all female
conijilair.tt; IiiEtant relief guaranteed; 30.,
•^ears ¦ evtierirno;; removed to S'X Post st.
MRS.. DR. KOJiL. reliable speoiahFt for all fe-
male troubles and irregularities; instant re-
livf guaranteed. KXNi-j Market St.. opp. Oth.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL—- All who ere sick or
in trouble conduit this ppfciaUft >>n female
c complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu-
! .viHt' 1 helped; rtie mo*t difficult cases treated;
.flivice irif*. Offlrc. 101S Market st. J
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOIPKS In EARS
i < s;::v, -y cured; new method; 1 week's treat-
Bteot fre<>. Dr. CottiLgham. 2<M Sutter st.
_n_ D. ALLEN. Ill* Market— Reliable ladies'
specialist; a private In me before and daring
,- cer.fineiner.t; bett tntdicai care; low fees.
Drs. Go.j<3v.in. "iXi Turk. cr. Van Ness — Expert
in obstetrics. f»>njel» complaints; inst. relief;
tre.-it:rent *10; hc«rs, 10 to 5; 25 years' exper.
DK; flOSr.N resides Utt'5 Fol5c:n st.. corner
. 86U>; !a<5;«. relief on.no fee: $10.
DK. and MRS. DAVIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1126 Market st.
DR.' N<J TOY KEE. .TiS Powell et.. opposite
t'licn Square; aii cifscas^s cured by herbs.
.MIM.v AM) MI.M\U.
TJIE Slor.terey Gold Minfr.c Company, which
««iis cne of the most vaiuabi* tilings In Cali-
fornia. h&t> j laced on the rr.arki-r "O.IKHJ sn«re»
of its etork at 25c a ?her«. the par %a!ue
ijjrir.r ?' Mir J. J. Tsylor the eminent min-
ing oxpfrt. is in charge of the work and re-
ports that the richness of the mine is Raining
replily as the work advances; this siock will
KO to f2 a share within the next 12 months;
,-»r.ierrEtf d parties can see the quartz and gold
; tak^n out of this n-.lr.e at the office of their
fiscal ajrer.tF
ViERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market gt.
MISC___A.\_OIS FOR SALE.
BuILERS, 24-hand machinery. McIN-
TOfrH £ WOLI'AJAN. 1<«.V197 Fremont St.
TRY ASBESTOS roof paint and be convinced
that it is the only taint that will stop ail
kaks in any roof, either _«tal or shingle: it
•. it also the l>»st preservative ; :¦¦ . v for all new
metal and sh'.ngitr roofs, and makes the roof
l**t -c\tr tv.Sc«* as long: tban painted with
8-jjr oth<r I'bint!-: it haF no «-<jual. Office. 419
. California ft., room 21; telephone James 5T16.
IX3ES rOCB ROOK LKAK?
R<l>air it with tiatente: in rolls easy to lay:
. nwdf no painting or coating; good over old
isc^i, tin c.r shingles: best for new roofs.
ELATKKITE P.< WJFING CO.. 713 Market fct.
lX>li SALE — 5 H. P. electric motor, cne cir-
cular $=aw bench, or.* IS and one 2o inch
circulair saws. L. J. NEVERS, 135, 137, 139
• Ma van ft., new buil<5:r.K.
SD-HAND machinery, boiler*, engines, pumps
p-jl!<*ys. ehaftir.R, etc.. etc.. bought, sold.
r»>ntfd and exchanged ; fee Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. l^O-l.'S Beale st.
•A— Fine mjits. $7 50; <3res* pants. $2 .V). Orig-
* inal Misfit Clothing Parlors. 2:w K^arey st..
near Bush; upen to 9 i>. m.. Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS?, t-tlif or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, j-haftir.g. pulleys.
• *;c. WHITELAW. 2U-255 Spear Et.
A LARGE Columbia disc graphephone and 27
10-ir.i.h recW'iE. almost new; »iil sell cheap.
• T.ox <«7, Call office.
A FINE selection cf trunk?. Fuit caws and
la:!nr-matie «--uite pold on email weekly pay-
rn'erits. Mislit Clothing Parlor*. 25 Stockton.
TYPEWRITERS, tilghtly uwd, eoli at cost;
'. ;hew Underwood visible typewriter catalog
'.Eent free. R. E. Revalk &. Co., San Francisco.
• ALTERATION sale— Bf-n $2 50 hat*. $1 50.
•• Popular Prke Hatter. .T50 Kearny st.. near
-Pint; open to 9 p. m.; Sundsyg to, noon.
T.RY our roei.'« sh<«* at SI and $1 W» pair;
, . "f ooC, f onn fflo^s at f2 Til}; w» ray "xpress
. **C—kr«T*. 11 3,1 st.. Exam, bid.: catalog free.
Cijc ROLL R>;d w. fine wall j*ap*r: famples
Vnailf-d; jiaintin*. tinting, papering. M. MEK-
¦:<;AS. LWi2 Welter. T< 1. Jackson 1321.
DESKS feuueht. cold ar.d exchanged. T. D.
MCCARTHY CO.. ?S2 Mission: tel. Buah Hi7.
NATI'iNAL cash register; good as new; cheap.
Mil Turk st.
|S0- NEW etyie Sinter fewing machine, drop
"h?a«t;- also Domestic. i>*15 Mi*Fl"n. nr. lith.
SAILING ark for fishing and hunting. 228
Bush tt.. third floor, room 4.
M.'LKS of v'.ae and fittings; all size*. EU-
GENE R1LKY & WXS, 11J0 VallPjo Ft.
and c_d> rnsistfrF. new end second-
han.1. I. FREEMAN. 13a Market gt.
HOMK ffood s«-cr>n<l-han<J gafoline engine*. 1 to 1
!2 h. p.. ch«»p E. B. Beck & Co.. 122 Mkt.
SLOT macbimn cheap; <*hicas-o«is. Twentieth '
'•entwrie*. Pucki-. BACIGALUPI. 333 Market.
DESKS and rafp?: *<*¦ the complete line at IM6
¦Markft, ab V»t Npjr. RICHARDSON BKOS.
SAVK.S-- New and t^-ond-hand. THE HER-
MANN PAKE <X>.. .TO7 liattery st.
'XOVTXO pictures. ?«:a#ic lanterns. «a!e. rental:
bargains. Buliard & lirwk. 1S1 Port ft.
FAKES— New br.d second-hand. E. B. BECK
& ¦* '•>.. \ZZ Market et.
JZusb >n rb< nocraplie. rrcords. supplier, moving
tnarhlm-r. films. Kacigalupi. 033 Mkt.
OA8OUXE eticinew. automobile and launches:
ail *l»t^ J. E. LOAK. \ti Kr^noat «t.
A?K for vrlcef on second-hand typewriters; all
~ "!t- k Zf L. - A * 'EX* X D K K &- CO.. 110 Monts'y.
AI»VERTI£EMKXTS, suT^crlptions received at
Oil I Branch ofao*. for. I>uncan & Church »ts.
A HRANCH offint cf The Call for the reception
of :. r ¦•:.;•., 4 ;.;* a n«l to bsCT 1 pt Ion s has been
opened at Kms Market *t.. cDposite Fifth.
•>Kn until 11 ii. m.
_JMISCELLAXJEOi:s WAICTS. t
ViTAXTEft— H*r-on<J-fc«nd offtre furniture rail-
ingt--.' gate, typf-wriw. IV>x 55». Call.
WANT to buy <X> pour-he*; «-pon<J hand! 131T>
"Stockton st.
1 I'AY. hlgh'Tt prices for all kinds of cast-off
., lothlnjr: c-tid postal. MORRIS. 870 Folsom.
1IOQKS u_ libraries bought. H.~C. HOLMES
11*1 M«iket ft.; i.lione Jest-ic 3741. or poetal.
TIT.TON wants good M-cond-hand clothing and
theati!_U e<x^». 151 3th tt.; teL Jessie 2*>5i.
MOSEY TO. LOAA.
AAX— HERMAN MURPHY.
G01-tt)2-Cai Examiner building.
Quick Bfttlenients; no disappointment.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Kttatts. teci nd mortgages, undivided inter-
eftJ. aifElgKmtnts of rents, property in trust.
etc.; leeacle*. life estates and undivided In-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous tr*-atin<=nt. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HEr.MAN MURPHY.
WILL LOAN
A reatoraMe amount en
1st. 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate or
. Chattels. In city, town
or country.
Low rate of interest.
Give full particulars
or property or chattels.
Location, etc.
Bex 40S, Call office.
MONEY icanoj to salaried p«ople. retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding houses, without
ffcurity; fn?y payment*: largest business in
46 principal cities. Tolman. 553 Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberai^aJvaticcB on diamonds. Jewelry, at '1
per cent interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store.
MG Market; tfl. Main 1C44. Branch. 19 Third.
A — 1 r-?r cent on furniture or piano; no remov-
al, no commission, no publicity; $25 Up; quick,
privat". confidential. 28 Montgomery, rm. 7.
MONEY to loan on low interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
et W. J. HF.ETHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant ave..
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10,000.
NEW easy method — To wage-earners on unln-
dorsei notes; absolute privacy. Fidelity Loan
Company, rocms 48-49. Chronicle bldg.
TO salaried rx-ople without security; on furni-
ture; indorsed nctes and other securitv. a. F.
Discount Agency. 143 Phelan building.
AT lowest rat-?r on furniture and pianos; strict
privacy; no commlssicn:installments accepted.
UONELL1. ::ul Eddy. Conservatory building.
ANY ftim on furniture or pianos: no removal;
lowest rate: easy payments; no commission.
H70 Market s-t.. room 6S.
MONEY loaned: reasonable rates. NORTON
CO.. 708 Market St.. room 207.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. MS Kearny.
3 % ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN. room SI. 6 Eddy st.
1 PER cent on furniture or piano. 1003 Mu-
tual Savings Bank bidg.. 708 Market st.
STAR Loan Co. cf Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes. R.311, Mutual Sav. Bk.bld.
CASH loaned salaried people en notes without
ingV.rter. MORELL. CC9 Examiner building.
ALL UPRIGHTS.
Kimball. fancy walnut ...'. $30
Collard $37
'¦ Stelnway $M>
Henry Herts $78
Occidental $S2
J & C. Fischer $99
3 Emersons. walnut, rosewood, mahog-
any, same as new. each $157
Coiby. cannot be told from new...i ... .$235
Chickerir-g $187
2 .'-':•::. ways, large and small size, al-
mest new $195-$325
Heine. $475 style, slightly used $2S3
And 200 others.
All pianos sold are guaranteed rot to be de-
fective Examine this list. "iVe have never
had such a great variety at so low a price.
Rents, $2 up; installments $t up. HEINE
PIANO CO.. 235-237 Geary st.
A FINE lot t)f bargains la second-hand pianos,
including such makes a» Stelnway. Halnes
Eros . Knabe, Baas. Foster, Weber, Star,
ilars-hall & Wendell. Sterling and other
mak<?s. BliSJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Far-
r«Il st. ; nc branches in Ban Francisco.
A FEW unredeemed storage pianos (also fur-
niture) win be sold to pay storage dirt cheap.
WHITEHiZAD'S storage. 163C Market nt.
NFW vow piano, colonial style; offers wanted.
€25 Lark in st.
NKW pianos sold on $5 monthly payments.
_JOS 1 JCHMITZ <fc CO.. 16 McAllister st.
KKGINA music box for sali 1 . cheap. Corner of
Thirteenth and Market sts.
A FISCHER uprlrht piano for sal*; rood as
new; $l?5. 237 Geary st.
tC5— UPRIGHT piano: Steck mahogany: nearly
new. HORNUNG BROS.. 216 McAllister st.
EEAUTIFUL 3-peiJal* Etefr.way upright piano:
perfect order: sacrifice. Ke€iTe'«.2S5 O'Farr«ll.
EOHMER. Byron Mauzy piano*. Cecliian piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post st.
SUPERIOR violins rlthers. old and new. H?
Ml'LLER maker repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
TO lease — Premises suitable for market; 50xSO;
situated on a cornf-r in a well-populated d:sl
trict. G. H. UMBSEN & C©., 20 Mont-
gomery st.
NICE fine office to let; also fine front desk
mom. Pall at 4ia California ft., room 21.
FEnSOXALS.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, ira-
provea it? growth. stops falling.cures dandruff
and itching scalp: no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp; atdruggists'. halrdres*prp' : ac-
cept no Eub?titute. Star Remedy Co., 1338 Polk
GRADUATES of New York School of Massage
Osteopathy; vapor and electric baths; face
vibrating machine for rheumatism; genuine
tubs, hot and cold wat?r: trained nurses as
attm'iants. Prof, and Mrs. Morris, 40»J Geary.
NOT how cheap but how g-ood Is the motto of
the manufacturers of the Rapid Rotary
Standard the sewing-machine of to-day. J.
W. EVANS, agent. 1021 Market st.
PHYSICIAN. 15 years' experience, cures per-
manently morphine, cocaine habit. Call or
address Central Pharmacy. 251 Grant are.,
corner Sutter st. ; fee moderate.
SPECIAL OFFER for I mo.; ladies* euits mads
to order; first-class work: $10; with material
furnished $20 up. At M. WILSON. .'^0 Geary.
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drug dis-
eases positively cured by Willow Bark Co..
1&39. Polk st. ; consultation free; call or write.
LIQUOR habit cured In 2 days or no charges;
guaranteed. Acme Liquor Cure Co.. 937 Mar-
ket st.. room 203: phone South 751.
AT Uju than cost. uncaMed for suits, overcoats,
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Taller 721 Market st.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday, Sun-
day evgs.. Teutonia Hall. H«ward St.. near
Cth: Prof. Foster; society dancing taught.
LAUNDRY, g*nts" suits cleaned and pressed;
calln] for. 300 Golden Gate ave., cor. Hyde.
MRS. Eaton, electric needle specialist. 069 Sut-
ter. r. CC9. Miss Eaton. 233 Geary, room. 38.
SUPERFLUOUS hair, moles perm, removed
by electrolysis. Mrs. L. B. Johnson. 139 Post. .
Bon Marche Pants Co.; special $5 pants to or-
dtr. Rooms 14 & 16. 40 Ellis. TeL Drumm 44.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books wigs;
country ord.-rs. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt. |
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
tric needle. Dr. & Mrs-Traverse. 1170 Market.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pant* $2 50."
Miff.t Clothing Parlor, cor. Bueh and Dupont.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
__halr to its natural color; $1; at all druggists'.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
PALMISTRY.
MME. DEVAB, scientific palmist and aptrolo-
Kist; palm readings $1; ;{ questions by ex-
prey* «i; opon Tue day evg. also. 13a Post ft.
MME. NKFTP.GARD. located at 242 Post; hours
I to a daily. I'hoac Jam<x l. Classen.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 515
Taylor st., r^nr Geary. Phone Black SGI.
PAIXTIXG. ETC.
ROOMS paport-d. $4 up; tinting. painting.
Hattmar.n./I'alnt Co.. ::19 Third: tel. Main 413.
FAXBITTS^WAirTEDj
WHAT have you tn offer in this line for saleT
Box its. Call office. - / -~
PIIVSICIAXS AA'D Sl'HUEOSJ.
DR. C. C. O' DONN ELL^Of nee and residence.
1021 '^ Market St.. bet. tith and 7th: particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, tkln and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL, 1073 «j Market st.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; for
pant four years at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at tili" G«-ary St.. near Leavenworth.
DR. TONG PO CHY. *uccesKor to Dr. LI Po
Tal. herb dot-tor, cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
DR. M. MATSL'DA has returned from Orient.
Now at SE. corner Geary and Taylor sts.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor — All dis-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 74G-S Clav &L
HEAL ESTATE — CITY — FOh SALE.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK _OTS.
$500 TO.$1200: VERY EASY TERMS.
Why do eo many buy our Oc-anside Iot«?
Because no others there compare with them.
They have unobstructed pcean and park view.
They are on "Official Grade"; ready for
building.
Every lot Is a bargain^ See them to-day.
Get off ears cor. 47th ave. and H st.
$60 to $250; near park and ocean; $5 monthly.
"Oceanslde" branch office, *or. 49th ave. and
K st. Open Sundays and holidays.
$MX>to$1000 — Unexcelled Sunsst district lots;
graded and sewered: $10 monthly.
Sunset branch office on 9th ave.. near H «t.
f!50 TO $.1W): DON'T MISS THIS.
New lots In the Excelsior Homestead.
Perfectly level: choicest location of all.
Near Mission-st. ears. $5 monthly.
$1200 to $3500; modern cottages and houses
in Sunset. Richmond. Oceanelde and Excel-
sior Homestead.
ALL BARGAINS: EAST TERMS.
EOL. GETZ & SON. Owners and Eealers.
Room 54, 4th floor. Chronicle bldg.
_______
C30 CALIFORNIA ST.
(Savings Union Building.)
J1S00— Union et., near Broderick; sunny side;
ch*ap; lot 25x100; grand marine view;
ready for building; 5250 flrst payment;
»40 per month: fine improvements to go
up on adjoinins: lot just sold.
$2100 — Corner on Filbert: 25x100; opposite cor-
ner just sold for $2450: same size; very
cheap, cars pass on Union st. ; a fine
buy.
$65C0— Two very cheap flats; Larkln; fine
marine view; big frontage, 41:6; 7 rooms;
bathroom in each; a great bargain.
$3S50— NW cor. Lake st. and Fifth ave.:
27:Cxl00; a splendid corner for a gro-
cery; be sure to examine this choice cor-
ner; Sacramento st. cars .pass every few
minutes.
$10,000—100x110; choice Webster st. corner; a
fine buy; cars Dags.
$9000— NW cor.; 137:6x137:6; Western Addi-
tion; fine marine view; very cheap.
$9500 — 2 corner flats (new) with grand
marine view; both leased: rents always
paid by checks In advance; occupied by
merchants; a fine buy.
$1900—2 choice lots on E line of Eleventh ave-
nue, 150 feet N of Clement street; 50x120;
elevated ground, and being close to Cle-
ment etreet, have the marine view.
Offers are asked for any of these properties
and will be considered.
W. J. GUNN. 630 California St.
LOTS. N or S side of Golden Gate Park pur-
chased by W. J. GUNN. 500 California st.
$8000— OAK St.: Park Panhandle; 60x187:6.
$17.000 — Cor. Devisadero and McAllister-
62:6x110.
*l.'itw- McAllister St.: 25x100.
$550 — Vulcan, near ISth-st. cars; 32x124.
$1200 — Good corner, near Chutes; 32:6x100.
Installment lots in Excelsior Homestead.
Installment lots north of Park; cheap.
JOSEPH STRAUB. 630 Market st.
CALIFORNIA House Wrecking Co. pays the
highest price for buildings and will wreck
the largest building completely within 10
days. Northwest corner Mission and Tenth
sts.. office and yard.
TWn-FTORY house, 6 rooms and bath; 2 car
lines: grand marine view; near Cliff House
410 Forty-fifth ave.
LOTS in the Mission for $150 each on easy
terms; 2 blocks from cars. D. COFFIN &
CO., U303 Mission Ft.
BUILD on your unimproved realty; we loan
full cost improv. and part lot at 6 per cent.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building.
J $200 EACH — a lots in erood location, to close
an estate. Apply 3316 Mission ft.
DO yci V_ot a r.'ca bathroom? Call on AHL*
BACH & MAYER. Plumbers. S36 Howard st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
CalL 16 pages, sent to any address tn the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
rOIXT RICH.3IOSP REAL ESTATE.
4 LOTS cheap for cash. 323 Bush St.. room
4, third floor.
WATER front lots and bargains; all tracts;
maps, photos, etc. BELL. 417 Parrott bldg.
ALA3IEDA ADVEKTIS'MENTS
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE].
HOUSE and lot for 6ale; finest location in Ala-
meda ; bargain. Call owners. 1724 Central
ave.; no agents.
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'M'NTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
STOP paying rent; almost new 6-room cottage,
latest improvements, high basement, station-
ary tubs, city water, chicken house; 2 blocks
to R- R. station, both lines; also electric
cars; lot 40x135; price $1S5O; terms $150 cash,
balance $18 monthly; open Sundays. O. a!
RUDOLPH, Lorin Station.
SNAP— S-room 2-story modern house: large lot,
all fenced; 2 blocks to- station and electric
cars, stores and schools; price $2300; terms.
$300 cash, balance $20 monthly; owner going
East: this is your chance. O. A. RU-
DOLPH. Lorin Station; open^undays.
FORECLOSED — New 5-room cottage; hlsh
basement, bay-window, folding doors, bath,
pantry, stationary tubs, brick foundatlo ;
large lot, ail fenced; half a block to strtet
ears, 4 blocks to R. R. station, school,
church and stores; price $1650; terms, $130
cash, balance $20 monthly; open Sundays.
O. A. RUDOLPH. Lorin Station.
J. J. MASON, REAL ESTATE AGENT. COR.
SHATTUCK AVE. AND CENTER ST SE'
LECTS THE FOLLOWING FROM* HIS
LARGE LIST OF CHOICE PROPERTY
AND INVITES INSPECTION:
For rent, an elegant, well-appointed house
of 10 rooms In the heart of the west por-
tion of the town; rent $00.
FOR RENT— IN A GOOD NEIGHBOR-
HOOD. HOUSE OF 10 ROOMS AND BVTH-
WILL RENT TO A RESPONSIBLE. TEN-
b ANT FOR $50.
A~FEW BARGAINS. ~~
$1250 — 4-room cottage; half block of car line;
three blocks of station; street work all
done; $200 cash, balance $15 per month,
including interest at 8 per cent.
Here is a chance that everybody has
been looking for — a lot In the warm belt
of the foothills;, we have opened up a
email tract; lots only $700 each; come
and inspect them; easy terms.
• MORAN & SWAIN.
2131 Shattuck ave., opposite Berkeley station.
(Successors to L. J. Moran & Co.)
$4750 — BIG bargain; 8-roomed 65 feet
land; on Bancroft way, facing university
grounds; ppeak quick, or It will be gone.
$1750 — Acre of ground on Claremont ave., near
R-jssell; fine trees.
CHENEY & BERRY.
P. O. Block, Berkeley Station.
__* zzzz "
BARGAINS — We buy, sell, exchange or build
MURDOCK & CO.. Lorin Station. Berkeley.'
A WEEK'S news for 5 centa— The Weekly Call
IB rages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year!
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BB.0ADWAY.
OAKLAND FURMTUIl_ FOR SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargalnTlrTfurnT-
ture. H. Scheilhaas.llth st..cor.store.Oakland.
LECALADVERTI^EMEXTs.
CENTRAL PACIFIC RAILWAY COMPANY
FIRST REFUNDING .MORTGAGE BONDS—
Notice Is hereby given that, pursuant to the
provision of Article Eight of the mortgage
rrom this Company to the Central Trust Com-
pany of New York. Trustee, dated August 1
1MK». this Company has «et apart out o* H e
net income derived by It from the llnes\of
railroad therein mortgaged the gum of Twon-
ty-flve thousand dollars in trust to be used
U> redeem tald bonds, and that bonds Issued
under said mortgage will be redeemed there
with and bids are hereby invited for the but-
render of such bonds at prices to be named by
the bidders, to the amount requisite to «x-
haust said «um. Sucb^bids should be ore-
sented to this Comimny at its office i20
Uroadway. in the City cf New York, on or
before the 1st day of February. 1904 at
twelve o'clock noon, and should L« indorsed
"Bid* for Surrender of Central Pacific Raii-
way Company First Refunding Ponds."
CENTRAL PACIFIC RAILWAY COMPANY
By B. H. II AR RIM AN. President. '
Kaw York. January 2. 1904..
1TEAL ESTATE — Conntry — For Snle.
—CHICKEN*" RANCHES EVERYWhIeRE^
• W. J. WHITE. 20 Montgomery st.. room S.
BY ORDER OF COURT.
$S500 — Tc close estate; 10S0 acres, Mendoctna
County, 3 miles from town; near steamer land-
ing; 200 acres splendid hay or potato land; ap-
ple orchard; 5oO acres more could be planted;
300 acres heavy redwood timber; balance ex-
cellent pasture: substantial lmprovementBj-hna
and cross fences.
• ALFALFA LANDS.
1280 acres, fenced and cross-fenced; hou*e;
barn; outbuilding; artesian w>ll that .irrigates
40i< acres fine alfalfa; river runs through place;
$4000 rent offered; S miles of Angiota; only $30
an acre.
(14,000 — Only one mile from station, schools,
churches, stores; 40 acres full bearing: orchard
vineyard and berries; small nursery; alfalfa';
dark, sandy loam; water for Irrigation piped
all-over place: new S-room house; cement foun-
dation: stable, carriage-house, machinery for
manufacturTh?: olive oil; will subdivide .in lots
$1000 up or exchange for bay property dt equal
value. . '
$2800 — Close to city: 9 acres full bearing or-
chard; 1 acre alfalfa; 5 r. hard finished cottage.
$2riOO— 1'iO acres near boat and cars; nice or-
chard, vineyard; ti-r. house, barn, outbuildings,
span horses stock, tools, wagcn«; steady job!
$5 an acre — KiOO acre?, S miles good town;
over 300 plow land; well watered, wood, roiling
hills and little valleys; pay 20 per cent on In-
vestment; bank foreclosure.
$1000 — Adjoining nice town; 240 acres, 30
acres level; house, outbuildings; controls 2000-
acre ranire.
$5000— Best ranch in Southern Oregon; 320
acres; 2 sets good Improvement; well fenced;
orchard; 5 horses: farming tools; outside range.
Attention physicians — Nice home, live coun-
try town, 65 miles of f>. F. ; 10-room house and
grounds; practice guara/iteed $2500 a year; only
56I.CO; easy terms.
$211)0 — Thirty-five miles of San Francisco;
10 minutes' walk to Courthouse; 21 acrts
garden land; half level; brand new colonial
cottage; large' barn; horse; tools.'
$17,000 — Improved ranch: 450 acres; near
Lodi; adjoining land sold .by the bank $40 an
acre; would exchange for city property.
ALFALFA LAND.
$10 - an acre. 600 acres, Angldla, Kings
County. • '
$1SOO — 240 acres, 5 miles of town, S acres
bearing orchard, 10 acres bearing grapes, 40
acres bottom land; house, barn, pack!ng-hous«/
tools; water piped to b.uildings and pasture.
80 acres: 15 creek bottom: fruit, grapes,
berricj, buildings; one mfle town; tools; $U00.
Send stamp for printed, list. '
W.- J. "WHITE 2(5 Montgomery st., room 5.
PROPERTY EXCHANGES A SPECIALTY.
FOR sale— Ranch of 74 acres; good house and
outbuildings; partly to fruit; near S. P. sta-
tion Aptos, Santa Cruz County. Cal.; price
$5000; also other lands for sale. For partic-
ulars address Postmaster, Mops. Cal.
$10 A MONTH buys a 10-acre farm.
5200 profit per annum per acre.
Write for booklet It's free. 603 J st.
WRIGHT & KIMBROUGH. Sacramento, Cal.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards: inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logues 6ent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO., 648
Market st. -
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A — WHY remain in cold rooms when you can
get warm apartments at the Knickerbocker
Apartmtnts, 1340 Pine at.?
CASTRO. 423 — Two large sunny front unfur-
nished rooms in modern fiat; suitable for
light housekeeping: moderate.
CALIFORNIA. 1421—3 beautiful rooms; sunny;
private bath; garden; $30.
ELEVENTH, 120 — Clean front sult^ for housc-
keppfng; gas stove; private.
GEARY, 1002 — Nicely furnished sunny rooms,
en suite or single; housekeeping privileges;
running water; gas; reasonable.
HAIGHT, 17SS — Two unfurnished sunny rooms
and small kitcheu; bath and phone.
HAVE 3 or 4 rocms completely furnished for
housekeeping urivate residence; central;
rent reasonable. Box 742. Call.
HOWARD, 710U — Two housekeeping rooms, 1
front; gas, bath: $11; call after 5 p. m.
HYDE. 514 — Elegant sunny front suite for
housekeeping; grate, bath. Phone Hyde 030.
LARKIN, ti^O 1^ — Sunny housekeeping rooms.
MODEL House, 1206 Stockton— Newly furnished
hskpg.. single rms., $5-$12; gas, bath, phone.
PEARL, 3, corner Market — "i furnished house-
. keeping rooms; fl8; no children.-
THE VIRGINIA. 1005 Powell-Unfurnished
bay-window suit; marine vtew; also house-
keeping rooms: gas range; sunny; bath. '
TURK. 524 — 4 rooms, same as flat, modern,
$40; -al«o 2 rooms. $15.
TWENTY-SIXTH. ;«(!7— Sunny front rooms,
furnished, for housekeeping; $12.
WEBSTER, 1125—3 sunny housekeeping
rooms, furnished; rent $15.
A BRANCH office of The Call for ihe reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has be»n
opened at 1008 Market St.. opposite Fifth
Open until 11 p. m.
GLENDORE — New apartments on Pine st
east of Van Ness ave.; 5 and 0 rooms each
with bath, steam heat, elevator service, elec-
tric lights, gas stoves and hot water sup-
plied without extra cost; will b« finished
with exceptional beauty and taste and are
now offered for rent unfurnished; tenants
• can rent direct from owner, who will manage
the buildlnc. . now approaching completion"
\ open for Inspection. HOOKER & LENT 14
Post st. \
MONTCLAIR APARTMENTS.
Cor. Pine and Taylor sts.; beautiful new,mod-
ern apartments; all sunny corner suites- fur-
nished or unfurnished; marine view: phone Pr
Exch. 443. LYON & HOAO. 116 Montgomery!
THE Lunger. 445 Hayes, cor. Octavla— Just
completed; sunny; modern 3-rm. apartments-
elegantly furnished; electric lights; private
baths; $40 up;_refs.; also doctors' offices.
ST. CECILE. 115 Fell, above Van Ness— The
acme of perfection In elegantly furn. 3-room
apartments; private bathr, steam heat, elec
lights, elevator, gas ranges; $30 to $55.
ST. LOUIS, 1575 Jackson St.— Modern 3-4-5
rooms, also single; furnished or unfurnished;
marine view; now open; references.
HADDON HALL. ~ ~~~ ~
851 EDDY ST. REFERENCES. ¦
APABTMEITTS WA1TTEP.
WANTED— A 3-room furnished apartment;
must be reasonable and central. Box 638,
Call office.
ROOMS TO LET Fnrn. and Unfnrn.
AURORA, corner Second and Folsom sts. — New
hou«e. new furniture; every room outside;
modern and gunny; prices from $1 50 per
week up; this is the only up-tt-date house in
this vicinity; first -class grill attached.
A -BRtJNSWICK House. 14S Rlxlh st.— Rooms
25c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
ABERDEEN, S36 Sutter— Just opened; hand-
somely fur.: cor. suites; bath; sun all day;
fine view; single rms.; tourists; location.
AT "The Almonte," S73 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth st. — Rooms. 25c.'50c. $1. $1 50 night;
$1 50 to $10 week: house op#n all night.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nlshcd rooms, suite, single; alzo unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
CRYSTAL HOUSE. 967 Sutter St.— Elegant
rooms; hoard If wanted: reas. respectability.
EDDY, 7«3 — Splendid view of Van Xess ave.;
an apartment and single rooms; modern flat.
FRANKLIN, 502. cor. Fulton— Large sunny
front room; double bed: toilet and bath; con-
venient; hot and cold water.
GRAND Southern, 7th and Mission — looms .15c
to $1 25 night: $1 50 to $6 wk.; reading-room.
JESSIE, 3<tt, east of United States Mint— Fur-
nished rooms; $1 50 Der week.
JONES, 019, near Bush— A very desirable fur-
nished room; all- conveniences.
MANHEIM, €82 Sutter— Sunny front rooms;
p strictly flrst class: transient.
MARKET, 10:12 — Nice, sunny front rooms; also
housekeeping rooms; reasonable. « .
MCALLISTER. 7«i9— Well furnished front par-
lor; suitable for ladies' or gentleman; rea-
sonable ¦¦
MISSION. 837A — Fine single rooms, with run-
ning water; closet; $1 B0 week and up.
MISSION. 1221, near Eighth— Nicely furnished
sunny single front room; $6.
PINE. 2830. near Baker— Furnished large front
rooms;' also cne small room. : : ~
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor: rooms per night, 35c to-$l 50; week, $2
tii $8: month. $S to $30; elevator on ground
floor: rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
ST. JAMES. McAllister" and L»fgUna— A sunny !
furnished. single room; rent $7. .
SUTTER. 1022^4. near Hyde— Two largo sunny
parlors & kitchen or laboratory: gas grate. etc
TAYLOR. 624. corner Sutter — Sunny front
• rovroe; rent reasonable.
Mr*. Tfc«reM Harding, widow uf th« lat«'
August Harding, and loving mother of Mrs.
H«»n*y Everding. Mm. George Roth. Mr*. L>.
Llnc'emann anil Qustav. August. R?inhar<U
and Marie Harding, and rtster nf Mri. Frank
Daniels a native ct Germany, aged "<« year*
and B months.
t^TFriendsi and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invlttd to attend the funeral services
to-day (Wednesday?, at 2.3O o'clock, at rt"J
late reM.ienc. SSI Adeline street, OakUnd.
Interment private. "
HATCH— In Oakland, January 20. l'JM. Km«-
l.'ne Mnr«. beloved wife of Hiram E. Hatch,
and mother of Mrs. Emma II. Ryan ana
Frert Hatch of Dexter. Me., and the .ate
Mrs. A. Gertrude France, a native of Maine,
aged 72 years and —i days.
SZT Friends and actiualrxances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral service*
Thursday afternoon. January 23, 1004. at '1
o'clock, at her late . residence. 119 Chase
street, Oaklr.nd. Interment at Dexter. Me.
HOFFMAN— In ihis city. Januarj* 2K. 19O4.
at h«T residence. 33»» EJdy street. Eunice L.
Hoffman, beloved sister or Mrs. D. McKia-
n.m of i-anta flnra. Cal., a native of Xova.
Scotia. a«el 37 vti'.rs.
(C7"Frieni1s> are rosiwetfully invited to at-
tend the funeral Thursday, at 11 o'clock,
from the. parlor* of I'ortpr & White. 423
GoMfn Gate avenue. Interment Ovid Fel-
lows' Cemetery.
HUI.SWORTH— In Baden. Cal.. January 2*.
WO*. Harrr, b»lov«l son of John and th»
late Mary Holmworth. ami brother "f Ert-
wart J.. John \V.. Pearsy R.. Lillian M..
Rosebud and Lottie Holsworth and Mrs.
James Murasky. a native nf Eneland, aged
21 years and 15 dava. Gene, but not for-
gotten.
r~Frl»ndn and acquaintances are respect-
fully ln\lt«?d tr> attend the funeral Thurs-
day, January 2.H. 19tM. at l:3O o'clock, from
his tato residence. 3!»31 Seventeenth street.
thence to th? Chur?h of the Advent. Eleventh
street, where services will b«i held at 2
o'clock. Interment Mount OlivM Cemetery.
HURLEY— In this city, January 25. 1004, John
J., beloved son of Joha J. and Sarah Hurley,
and brother of Evelyn and the late Sarah
Hurley, a native of San Francisco, aged S
years and 24 days.
tyFriend 5 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invitt-d to attend the funeral to-day
(We7Tne»day). at 9:30 o'clock, from th«
parents' residence, 2t$41 Harrison street, near
Twenty-thlra. Interment Holy Crcjs Ceme-
tery.
JOHNSON— In this city, ' January 25. 10O*.
Lavenia M. Jobnson. relict of the late Cay-
tain William R. A. Johnson. & native of
Salem. N. C. agred 53 years. (Philadelphia.
Pa., and Washington, D. C. papers pl«as«
copy.) • "V*
CVFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day, at II- o'clock, from the parlors of P<~;_
t?r & White. 42.'1 Golden Gate avenue. In-
terment Cypress Lawii CsilWMI J
JOHNSOX— In (Ha city. January 26. 19»>4.
Nel? Johnson, beloved husband of Mary
Johnson, fath'r of Edna. Gertrude. Emily
anl Phcebe Johnson, and brother of Tilda
Anderson, a native of Sweden, aged 3T
years " months and IS days.
CyFri^jids and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend, the funeral Friday.
January 5K>, at 1 :.'H> o'clock, from his late
residence. S53 Edinburzh street. Interment
Cyprata Lawn Cemetery.
KELLY— In this city. January 26, 1904. at
the residence. 1742 Sanchez street. Constance
J., beloved dauehtrr of Daniel J. and Eliza
M. Kelly, a native of San Francisco.
KERVAN— Entered Into rest. In this city.
January 25. 19O*. Thomas Lawrence, be-
loved hunband of Maria Kervan. ar.d fathei
of Ida M. and Harry E. Kervan and Mis.
Lulu K. Snow, a native of New York City. .
aged 72 years t> months and Itf days.
(C^Frienda and acquaintances* are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral t<v«iay
i Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from tha Mason:*
Temple, Corner cf Post and Montgomery
streets. und-;r the auspices of Pacific Lodg*
No. IMS. F. and A. M. Interment I. O. O. F.
Otmetery. Rematns at the uarlors of Hal-
sted & Co.. SMS Mission, street.
KIERULFF— In this city. January 25. 1904.
Thomaa Nightingale Kierulff. only son of
Mr. and Mrs. Tbomaw KierulfT. a native of
San Francisco, age«l 1 y«ar 2 months and It
days.
CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funer«l servic»»
Wednesday, January 27. lfuM, at 1 :.*!«> o'clock,
at the residence of his parents, :;0o Hai&ht
street, thence by electric funeral car from
corner of Eishteenth and Guerarro streets at
2 o'clock. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery.
LYONS — In this city. January 20. 1904. James
C. LjrOM, boloved nephew of John Lyons, a
native <|r Ballyvownay. County Cork. lr«-
land, aged 33 year?.
(C^Remains at the parlors of McFadden*
MeBrearty & Green. 1171 Mlsaion street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Notice uf fu-
neral hereafter.
McTlGUE— In this city. January 25. 1JWM.
Michael, hu&band of Fannie McTigue. and
father of Frances. Joseph. Richard and John
McTiffut. a native of Castlebarr. County
Mayo. Ireland, aged 74 yearn.
|C7Friends» are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow i Thursday), at N
l:oO o'clock, from his late residence, la Al-
varado street.
MARBLE— In this city, January 2»i, 1904.
John H., beloved husband of Grace E. Mar-
ble, ami brother of Joseph. Thomas and
Archibald Marble and Mrs. Mary Roeers, a.
native tt Fan Francisco, aged 37 years '£
months and 14 day3.
MARVIN — In Phoenix. Ariz., January 24, 1904.
William Waldo Marvin, husband of Mary
RamaK», at.d father of Leila L. Marvin,
ared 47 years.
(CyFunera' services on Wednesday morn-
ins, at 10 o'clock, at the residence of hta
brother, 210O Scott street, corner of Sacra-
mento.
MENTZ— In Oakland, January 2fi. 1004. Fred-
erick, beloved husband of Marie Mentz. and
father of Henry. Herman and TlUie Mentz.
a native of Oldenbure. Germany, aged 81
year* 7 months and 15 days.
MURPHY— In this city. January 25. ltXit.
Francis H.' Murshy. a native of Ireland,
aged 57 years.
O'BRIEN— In Bad?n. Cal., January 14, 1004.
Henry, beloved son of Mary and the late
John O'Br1:n, and brother of John. William,
Thomas, James and Richard O'Brien, Mrs.
J. Flynn. Mrs. A. Palmer and the late Mag-
gie McKenney and Ella O'Brien, a native
of California, aged 22 years and 11 days, s
E3 r Frlend'* and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Thursday.
January 28, 190-f.~at 9 o'clock, from thp resi-
dence of his sister* Mrs. A. Palmer, "71 Ivy
avenue, thence tr> Sacred Heart Church, cor-
ner Fillmore and Feil streets, for »ervic:«
at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
O'CONNOR — In Alameda. January 28, 1904,
Clare O'Conncr, btrloved daughter of Eliza-
beth and the late Thomas O'Connor, a na-
tive of Alameda, aged 12 years and- 9
months. .
Vy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Thursday.
January 2S, at lu o'clock, from St. Joseph' ¦
Church, wh»r« a requiem high mars wii! b«
celebrated for the repose of her tu*x\. In-
terment private in' St. Mary's Cemet»r>, ,
Oakland.
O'HANLON— In Berkeley. January 24. 1304.
Elizabeth, beloved sister of James F. ffHaa-
Ion. a nntlve of the City of Cork. Ireland.
(CyFriendsi are respectfully invite<l to at-
tend the funeral to-day (Wednesday), at
0 o'clock, from her late residence. Fulton
street and Ashby avenue. Berkeley, thence to
Et. Colombo'* Church, where a rHjuiem hlyu
mass wl-l be celebrated for the repose of her
sou!, commencing at 9:."U> o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery, via car leaving
the ferrv at 11:45 o'clock. . .
O'NEIL — In this city. January" 2B. 10O4. Ellen
O'Ncil. beloved sister of the late Mrs. Mary
Linden, a native of County Kerry. Ireland.
Hged HO years.
C7Notic<? of funeral hereafter. Remain*
at the parlors of Porter & White. 422 Golden
Oate avenue.
O?HAUGHSESST-In this city. January Z9.
19O4. Catherine, beloved wife of William J.
O'ShauRhne!«sy. beloved mother of Mrs. Mary
Crangle, and slater of Timothy and Patrick
O'Connor, John O'Connor and Mrs. Margaret
Kelloy of New York and Mrs. May O'Donnell
of Vancovia. a native of County Cork, Ire-
land, aged 60 years. tNew York pap'rs
plea?* copy.)
6:>*Fr!end3 and icqualntancea are resp^rt-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at SSU) o'clock, frora her lat*
residence. 1501 Va'encia street, comer of
Twenty-flxth, thence to St. Paul's Church,
where I requiem high ma«s will fce cele-
brated for the rrpose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 0 o'clock. Intermsnt Holy Cro*»
Cemetery.
POWERS — In this city. Edmund, beloved hus-
band of Mary Power*, ami father of Mary,
William and the late Eusrne F. Powers, a
native of Ireland.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1:-'JO o'clock, from the par-
lors of J. C. O'Connor _ Co.. 767 MU.-lon
Btr*et. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
POWERS— In thU city. January 25. 1904. Eu-
Kene F.. dearly beloved son of Mary and the
. lat» Edmund Powers, and brother of Mary
! and William Powers, born Seotember 2».
187IX died January 2.1. WC4.
CTFriendj and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
¦ (Thursday), at 1 :3O o'clock, from the par-
lors of, J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission
street. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
QUINN — In Haywaxds, January 25. 1904, Mary
J. Ouinn. dearly beloved wife of John E.
Quinn. and mother of Lillian M. Quinn of
San Francl«to. a nativ* of Boston, aseU M
yean". «Bnston papers please copy.)
(reinterment at St. Mary's Cemetery.
Oakland. Funeral private. Please omit
flowers.
REAGAN — In this city. January 24. 1001, Jane
E.. beloved wJfe of the late Julius R. Rea-
Kan, lovtne /fhotVr of Mrs. Fred Si-hfbft'eT.
John J. Reagan and Mrs. W, T. Dwyw. ami
siMer of Mm. G. Wilbur, n native of Aus-
tralia, aged «7 years 2 months an'd It days.
(ti-*Frienite and ncquaintances are reap*ct-
CuntinueU on Page Four tern. _
TO USERS O F "T H F PA I I " WA N T A D S
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriaee licenses were i«ued
yesterday:
WIlHam -A. Ke**an. ' 21. - M Market street,
and Alice C. O'Brien. 21. 80O First avenue.
Louis P. Brtrslauer, 24, Chlco, and Irene
Waldhelmer. 1». city.
Patrick W. Fahey, V*7, Sonora. and Annl«
M. Mammill. 3?, Sonora. ' =;¦
Nels Kaupol, '26, Fort Bragg, and Allir.a
KuusMa. 2ti, Fort Bragg.
Abel M. Henderson, 2C, Kern, and Mary
M. Smith. 26. Pasadena.
Enrico Garibaldi, 21. 464 Union street, and
Rosa Feriero. 18. 1355 Dupont i»treet.
Alexander E. l~ng. 37. 2C37 Howard street,
and Ida Doan. 42, tls'j Brannan street.
Antonio Colombinl. " 32. 814 Montgomery
street, and Soeranza Masetti. 26. 814 Mont-
gomery street. • '
Herman Gilson, 26, Washington, D. C, and
Florence M. Rpnnlson, 24, city. -
BIRTHS— MARPJAQES— DEATHS.
— — — — ~
Birth, ' marriage and death notices s*nt by
mall will not be Inserted. They mcit be handed
In at either of the publication offlces and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published. !
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once In this column
free of charge.
BORX.
BliOCK— In this city. January 15, 1904, to the
wife of Herman Block, a daughter.
GOLDMAN— In this city. January 26. "1004. to
the wlf* of Louis J. Goldman, a son.
ISAACS— In this city. January 26. 1904, to the
wife of Joshua D. Isaacs, a son.
MARRIED. ~~~
SWANSON— MONTGOMERY — In this city,
January 28, 1904, by the Rev. Dr. E. Ne-
lander, pastor of the First English Lutheran
Church, Captain George Albert Swanson and
Emma Beville Montgomery, both of San
Franciseo.
DIED.
Anderson, Ola P. Marble, John H.
Black. Emelia AV. F. Marvin. William W\
Brackett. Theodore Ments. Frederick
'Callaghan, Charles . Murphy, Francis H.
Canning, Mrs. Mary ' O'Brien, Henry
Commerford, John J. O'Connor, Clare
Crary, Man' A. O' Hani en. Elizabeth
Creighton, Frank O'Nell. Ellen
Davidson. Archibald O'Shaughntssy, Cath-
Dealey, James E. erine
Farr, Lincoln F. Powers. Edmund
Fry, Elbert L. Powers. Eugene F.
Gaddlnl. John Quinn. Mary J.
Goldsworthy. Ursela Reagan. Jane E.
Harding. Mrs. T. Rourke. Bridsret
Hatch. Emeline M. Ryan, Hannah
Hoffman, Eunice L. Schloemer. Oeo. F.
Holsworth, Harry Shanahan. leathering
Hurley, John J. Strickland. John A.
Johnson, Lavenia M. Stuart. William A./
Johnson. Nels TeEtana. Manuel
Kelly. Constance J. Tevlin. Julia. ,
Kervan,-..Th°mas l_ Tierney, Anthony
. Klexulff. Thomas N. Warren. Abby M.
Lyons, James C. Woods. John II.
McTigue, Michael Zacharias, Salle
ANDERSON— In this city. January 24, 1904,
Ola Peter Anderson, dearly beloved husband
•of Emma Andersen, and beloved father of
George Anderson and Mrs. Henry Beckman
and th» late Tlllie. Amanda and Theresa
Anderson, a native of Sweden, aged 53 years
9 month* and 5 days. A member of South
San Francisco Lodge No. 45, K. of P.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are resp'ct-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 12:30 o'clock, from his late
resld-.nce, ltS46 Eleventh avenue south, thence
to Masonic Hall, corner Fourteenth and
Railroad avenues south, where funeral ser-
vices will - be held under the ausDices of
South San Francisco Lodge No. 45. K. of P.,
commencing at 1 o'clock. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery.
BLACK — In this city, January 25, 1904. Eme-
lia W. F., dearly beloved wife of William
Foster Black, mother of Isabel. Foster
Black, beloved daughter of >tr. and Mrs.
Thomas Walker, and sister df Mrs. "?usie
Petrovich, Mrs. Josie Baclcaluri and Lulu,
Geo'.ge. Frunk and Thomas Walker, a na-
tive of Stockton, Cal., aged 35 years 2
months and 13 days.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day, January 27, 1W>4, at 0:30 o'clock, from
the funeral parlors of Valente, Marini & Co..
1524 Stockton street, thence to St. Francis
Church for blessing. Interment Italian
Cemetery.
BRACKETT— In this city. January 25. 1904.
Theodore T>. Brackett. beloved father of
Ezra Brackett. a native of Marshall. Mich.,
aged (il years 8 months and 24 days.
. CALLAGHAX— In this city, January 26. 1904.
Charles, dearly beloved husband of Mary .T.
Callaghan. and brother of Thomas. John and
Dennis Callaghan and Mrs. Elizabeth A.
Waters, a native of Plymouth County, Mas-
sachusetts, aged 47 years 8 months and S
days. . ¦ .
(CTNotice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the oarlors of Carew & English, 29 Van
Ness avenue.
CANNING— In Oakland. January 25. 1904.
Mrs. Mary Canning, beloved wife of the late
James Canning, and aunt of Mrs. Mary
Davitt and William J. Yore, a native of
Newery. County Armagh. Ireland.
. CXFriends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Thursday), at
9:30 o'clock, from her late residence. 493
T\»enty-slxth street, thence to St. Francis de
£ales Church, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the reuose of
her soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. In-
terment St. Mary's Cemetery. Oakland.
COMMERFORD— In this city. January 20.
19O4, John J. Commerford. beloved son of
the late Patrick and Catherine Commerford.
and brother of Mollie A., James A. and
¦ Jenrmlah L. Commerford and the late Mich-
ael Commerford? a native of San Francisco,
aged 24 years li months and 13 days.
(CTFuneral and interment private. Please
omit flowers.
CRARY— In Honolulu, H. T.. Januarj' 7. 1904,
Mary A., betoved wife of the late Rev. B.
F. Crary. D. D., former editor of the Cali-
fornia Christian Advccate. and mother of
Mrs. Albert W. Steel of Denver, Mrs. Philip
L. Weaver of Honolulu, Mrs. Herbert H.
Winn of Golden, Colo., and Miss Kathie
Crary of Pasadena, Cal., aged C5 years.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the burial services
Friday, \ January 29. 1904. at 11 o'clock, at
the George H. Thomas Post burial ulat In
National Cemetery. Presidio. Memorial s«er-'
vices will be held Sunday. January 31. 19O4,
at 3. o'clock, at California' street Methodist
Episcopal Church, corner California and
Broderick streets.
CREIGHTON— In this city, January 25. 1904,
Frank Crelghton, beloved brother of the late
Patrick and Ttoomas Crelghton of Ban Fran-
cisco and Ellen. Nicholas and James Creigh-
ton of New York, a native of County Meath.
Ireland, 9 aged 57 years. (New York papers
please copy.)
E7Frtand.« and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
?Thursday), at 0:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of the Henry J. Gallagher Undertaking
Company, 20 Fifth street, . thence to the
Church of St. Charles Rorromeo for services.
Interment Holy Crow Cemeterv.
DAVID3ON— In Oakland. Jani/ary 25. 190!.
Archibald W. Davidson, belovtd husband of
Adella Davidson, and father of Archibald
W. Jr.. Luther E. and Stanley Davidson
and Mrs. II. Johnson, a native of Nova Sco-
tia, ared 61 years.
[[../"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day, January 27, 1904, at 2 o'clock, from
his late r~idenc?, USl Castro street. Inter-
ment Mountain View Cemetery.
DEALEY— In this city, January 2(5, 19ftl.
James K.. beloved husband of Sophia Dea-
l?y. and father of C. Albert and Georse L.
Deal«y, Mrs. A. E. Wright. Mrs. Joseph F.
Nounnan Jr. and Mrs. Ray Woodward, a
native of Augusta, Me., aged 63 years 1
month and £6 days.
C7"ritff funeral win" take place to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 414 Scott street. Interment private.
FARR— In this city. January 25. 1004, Lincoln
F. Farr. a native of New York, aced €3
years.
FRY— In Oakland. January 26. 1904. Elbert
L., beloved hntiband of Annie Fry, and
fathor of Mrs. Ida Kemaston, Mr*. Nettia
Howard. Mrs. H»ttie Dslaney and George,
Lawrence, Frederick, Edward and B«rt Fry.
a native of New York, aged 78 years and 2tf
liays.
OADDINI— In this city, January 26. 1904,
John, husband of Elizabeth Gaddini. and
father of Ernesi»and Olive Gaddini and Mrs.
J. G. Auradou. a. native of Lucca. Italy,
aged 52 years.
CT Notice of funeral hereafter.
GOLDSWORTHY — In Alameda. January 23.
V.HH. UratU Golrtswrrthy. dearly beloved
mother of Colonel J. Goldsworthy. Mrs W
A. Dennis. G. E.. R. E.. W. E.. P. R., w!
J. and B. F. Golaswrrthy and Mrs. \ L.
Ritchie, a native of England, aged 85 years.
HARDING— In Oakland. January 25. 1304.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. -_*r
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
——Funeral Directors and Kmbalmers
Formerly in Metropolitan Temple.
• Now at S«t illSSION. Tel. South IC7.
Between Fourth and Fifth, uear Fifth st. '
Finest Equipments «t Moderate Rate?.
. James McGinn. Henry Hansen.
JAMES MCGINN & CO..
¦> Forfn«rly With McGinn Bros..
Funeral Directors and Embatmen
214 Eddy gt.; Tel. South 57&.Shipping" Intelligence.
ARRIVED
Tuesday, January 28.
fitrar Edith, Hall, KG hours from Tacoma.
Remus— Did Mis3 Becswas tell
yo' dat I had on very brilliant clothes
at de ball? Matilda — Ah guess data
what she meant. She said the seams
was "shiny." — Chicago News.
The French bark MacMahon was cleared on
Monday for Queenstown, for orders, with 46 -
044 ctls barley and 21.105 ctls wheat, valued at
$88,400. The bark ajso carried 20,000 feet of
lumber as dunnage, valued at $090.
Grain for Europe.
Sun. rises ...1 : 7:10
Sun sets 5:^7
Moqn sets ; 2:02 a. m.
0 (II W L~~wi IH Wl TlTw
£ Ft. 1 Ft. t 1 Ft. J Ft.
? Time Tlme| Time| ITlroe
27~ 6?T«1 5.5 1:27 0.6 ,S:2o] 3.71 !
L W H, W L W| |H Wl
28 0:55 2.6 7:10 5.7 2:171 0.01 0:221 4.0
29 1:56 2.7 8:04 5.0 :*:10f — O.5I1O:1.J| 4.4
30 2:51 2.7 9:02 .«.! .'5:561— 0.0] 11:001 4.7
31 3:43 2.5 0:51 6.1 4:421— 1.0H1 :43( 5.0
1 4:^5 2.4 10:12 tt.2 5:27{— l.pj |
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives tho last tide of th?
day. except when there are but thrre tides,- as
sometimes occurs.. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
The hark Louisiana <Is-chartered for lumber
from Pcrtland to Manila at $9 00, with option
of Hongkong at 40s or Shanghai at .'Bs 0d.
The barkentlne Archer returns to Honolulu
with general cargo. •
NEWS OF .THE OCEAN'.
The cadets of the German training ship Her
zogin Cecile .wero busily engaged yesterday
decorating the vesssl In honor of th? Em
peror's birthday, which will be celebrated to
day, s
The Kaiser's Birthday.
Policeman Shechan Dismissed.
James F. Sheehan, a retired police
man, was dropped from the pension
roll and dismissed from the depart
ment at a meeting of the Police Com
missionersjast evening:. Some time
ago Sheehan claimed there was some
thing the matter with his head as the
result of an injury, and upon this rep
resentation he was pensioned. While
drawing a pension of $St) each month
from the city he joined the legal staff
of the United Railroads and his sal
ary was three times that amount. On
January 12 of the present year he
wan ordered to report to Chief Witt
man for duty and failing to do so was
dismissed from the Police Depart
ment
WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 27.
Sun. .Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at' Fort Point.entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than <at Fort Point; the height
of tide is the same at both places.
Liner Alameda Arrives.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's liner Ala
meda arrived last evening from Honolulu too
late .to pass quarantine. She was delayed by
strong head winds.
The overdue British bark Castor arrived
yesterday at Rarbadoes, 113 days from Java.
She was reinsured at 10 D?r cent. The. ves
sels on the overdue list are quoted as follow*:
Martaban, SO per cent; Alder«trove, 25 per
cent,; Robert Rlckmers and St. Mirrtn, 15 per
cent.
The Overdue List.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S N Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco" Cal
January 26, 1004.
w T. 1 !? Time. Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day—
1. c. at noon of the 120th meridian or a 8
P- m.. Greenwich time. J c BURNETT
. . Lieutenant. U. S. N.. in charge.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. | Fiom. ( Due.
Coronado i San Pedro jjan. 27
Lakme [San Pedro Man. 27
Arctic j Humboldt jJan. 27
EurtUa j Humboldt j Jan. 27
City Puebla. . .i Puget Sound I>orts ....|Jan. 27
Pomona I Humboldt \ Jan. 27
S. Barbara. . . [San Pedro iJan. 28
Arcata ,Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. 'Jan. 23
Santa Rosa... San Diego & Way P.s.Uan. 2*
Cer.tralla San Pedro .JJan. 28
Point Arena.. Mendocino & Pt. Arena. |Jan. CS
Rainier Seattle & Whateom ! Jan. 28
S. Monica San Pedro j.Ian. 1'S
San Mateo. .. Tacoma .;jan. 28
Gaelic China & Japan Man. 29
i.-uracao Mexican Ports 'Jan. 19
Konlta Newport & Way Ports. IJan. 2t>
Rival | Wiilapa Harbor iJan. 30
G W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria iJan. 3'»
Enterprise !ltllo Uan. 30
Chico I Coquille River I.Ian.
Corona Humboldt I Jar.. .'«)
Ni>rth Fork... Humboldt Uan. 31
Mackinaw Tacoma jJan. 31
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts.lbVb. 1
l.matllla .' Puget .Sound Ports ...|Feb. 1
\entura Sydney & Way Ports.iFeb. 1
C». Ltndauer.-. ; Grays Harbor IFeb. 1
Mempnis | Hamburg & Way Pts.iFeb. *J
;, omo Point Arena & Albion. IFeb. 2
Coos Bay Pan r . cdro & Wa> . p t3 . iFeb. 2
Marlposa (Tahiti IFeb. :!
Uty Para..'.. . jxew York via Panama. Feb. 4
Sl!S? n "• • ' Portland & Astoria . . . .JFcb. 4
Newburg jfirays Harbor |Ffb. 4
wuw * n I Pugot Sound Ports |Feb. 6
TO SAIL.
Slearr.er. Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
Jennnry 27. | |
C. Nelson.. Astoria & Portland! 5 pmlPier 20
Sequoia Grays Harbor ....| 4 pmjPler 2i>
<*or.:.nado. . . (Grays Harbur ....| 4 pmlPier 10
-a-jua Humboldt ! 9 nmjpicr 2
January 28. I j
San Pedro.. Humboldt | 4 pmiPler 2
S. Monica.. | Grays Harbor | 4 pmjPier 2
S. Barbara.. Seattle & Olytnpla.j 4 pm|Pier 2
Centralia... Grays Harbor I I'pmjPitr Ht
Ccog Bay... san Pedro & \Vay.| » am Pier tl
Centennial.. Seattle & Tacoma. I 5 pm Pier 20
OTRfiron -Astoria & -1'ortland 11 amIPier 24
lomo.... ... pt. Arena & Albion « pmlPjer 2
fetateCal....san Diego & Way.! 9 ami Pier 11
January 29. [
Athnil |HongkK . v. Seattle) 1 pmlPier 20
Eureki Humboldt ft am'Pier l:;
Arctic jHumboldt » amiPItT 2
Pomona.... Illumholdt !l:30p]Pier 0
I January 30. | |
Arcatn jCoos B. & Pt Orfrd|12 m!Pi»r 13
Pt. Arena... Pt. Arena & Mtlcnol 4 pm Pier 2
Alameda Honolulu !ll amiPier 7
City Sydney |N. Y, via Panama.'12 miPler *4o
January 31. |
S. Rosa .San Dlejro & Way. 0 am Pifr 11
City Puebla. Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 0
February I.
Corona > Humboldt 1 :30 p Pier f»
Bonlta Newport & Way..| 9 am Pier II
February a. I
?w'™;;u 0qUl ," 6 , Rlvcr "•• 5 Pm Her 20
G. \\. raderlAstorla & Portlandlll amiPier 24
China & Japan ...[1 pmlPier 40
Ralnler Seattle & Whatcom! 4 pmlPier 10
, ... Pebroary 3. | I
Alliance. Eureka & Coos B.| Pier Ifi
North Fork. Humboldt 15 pmjP.er 20
Rhal Wiilapa Harbor . .[ 4 pmlPier 10
' February 5. I |
Umatilla... Puget Sound Ports.|U amIPier t
February 6. |
Newport.... N. Y. via Panama. 112 m Pier 40
Newburg... Grays Harbor | / pmiPler 10
FROM SEATTLE. ~
Steamer. For. | Sails.
Cottage City,. Skagway & Way Ports. IJan 20
Lxcelsior Cooks Inlet A Way Pts.iFeb. 1
J. Dollar Vnldez & Way Ports.. IFeb 5
K J Skastway & Way Ports.iFeb' n
Hertha Cooks Inlet & Way Pts IFob lo
banta Ana Cooks Inlet & Way Pts |Feb" 16
Ptmr Samoa. Madsen, 10 hours from Bowens
Landing.
Stmr Porno. Winkel, 14 hours from Albion,
via Point Arena 10 hours.
Stmr Alcatraz, Carlson, 14 hours from Al
bion.
Stmr Oreeon; Doran. 88 hours from Port
laud, via Astoria i:j hours.
Stmr Czarina, Johnson, 4'J -hours from Coos
Hay.
Stmr National City, Hammar, 15 hours from
Fort Brapjr. •
Simr A lamed*. Dowdell, 6 days 8 hours
from Honolulu.
Stmr Xewo'jrt. Saunders. 20 days 22 Jiours
from Panama, via Mazatlan 4 days "?& hours.
Tug Maggie, Cornlns, 3 houis from Half
niivjn Bay.
Schr Sailor T?oy, Olsen, 6 days from Grays
Hail .or.
Schr John F Miller, Ilansen, 7 days from
Grays Harbor.
CLEARED.
Tuesday, January 26.
Stmr Qiieon. Cousins, Victoria; Pacific Coast
Stepmship Co,
Stmr Corona, Xooander. Eureka; Pacific
Coast Steamship Co.
Nor stir.r Titania, Egcnos, N'anaimo; West
ern Fuel Co. .
SAILED.
Tuesday. January 2ti.
f-tmr Conuille River, Sanforrl. .
Stmr Phoenix, Odland. Mendocino.
Stmr Kllzabeti,. Jensen, Conuille River.
Stmr Oueen, Cousins, Victoria and Port
Tnwnscnd. ' •
Stmr rovona, NODander. Eureka.
Stir.r Greenwood. Thomuson. Albion.
Stmr Gluey, Iceland, Santa Crux.
Stmr Aurella. Frlckson. Portland.
IT Skstmr Hugh MeCuIIuch. Hamlet, cruise.
Sinn- Maggie, Corning, Half moon Bay.
Xor stmr Titania. Esenes, Nanaimo.
Br ship Clan Galbraith. Hark:r. Melbourne.
*ir ship W .1 Pirrie. Jenkins, Xewcasrtle, Aus.
'Schr Wm H Smith, Hansen. Port Townssnd.
Schr Novelty, . Hoffman. Wlllapa Harbor.
SPOKEN.
Dec 1!7, lat 24 S. Ion 31 W. Br ship Lucl
para. from Newcastle. Eneland. for Seattle.
Jan '£'.. .'JO miles off Fastnet. Br ship Marion
I-iKhtlK'dy, hence Sept 25. for Liverpool.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT IX>BOS. Jan 2fl. 10 d m — Weather
clear; wir.d NE. velocity 8 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
VENTURA— Sailed Jan 26— Stmr Asuncion,
for San Francisco..
ASTORIA — Reported calling of schr Alpena
Jan 25 was an error. It should be schr Al
vena. for San Pedro.
Sailed Jan '2Z> — Schr A F Coats, for San
Pedro. Schr Volunteer did not nail.
PORT TOWNSKND— Passed In Jan 26— Ger
stmr Merp., hence Jan 21, for Seattle.
TACOMA— Arrived Jan :*t5— Stmr Leelanaw,
hence Jan 21.
SEATTLE— Sailed Jan 2«— Jap stmr Tosa
Mani. for China.
Arrived Jan "I! — Stmr Cottage City, from
Slcagway; G*r stmr Mera, hence Jan "1; stmr
James Dollar, hence Jan 22.
GRAYS HAHBOR— Arrived Jan 26— Schr
Emma Utter, hence Jan 11.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Jan 2«— BUtn Chas
F Crocker, from Everett: schr Wa.w.ona. from
South Bend: pchr R W Bartlett. from Colum
bia River; ¦cbr Admiral, from Port Gamble;
schr Melroae. from Astoria.
EUREKA — Sailed Jan 26 — Stmr Pomona, for
San Franclec<*
Arrived Jan 20 — Stmr . San Gabriel, hence
Jan 25.
Sailed Jan 26— Stmrs Eureka and Arctic, for
San Francisco.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Jan 26— Stmr Brook
lyn, for San Francisco.
TILLAMOOK— Arrived Jan 20— Schr Oak
land, hence .Tan 0.
SOUTH BENP — Arrived Jan 26 — Stmr Rival,
hence Jan 21. < ¦
TATOOSH— Pafsed out Jan 26— Rr stmr
Empress of Japan, for Hongkong, etc.
Passed in Jan 26 — Nor bark Sorata, from
Callao. for Puiret Sound.
Pass'd out Jan ?0 — Jan stmr . Tosa Maru,
from Seattle, for Yokahama.
ISLAND PORTS.
MAKAWELI— Sailed Jan 24— Bark Edward
May. for San Francisco.
HONOLULU— Arrived Jan 26— Stmr Ventu
ra, from Sydney; Ftmr Nevndan, hence Jan IS.
FOREIGN POUTS. ,
GUAYAQUIL— Arrived Jan 0— Br* «hiD River
Falloch. from Nev/castleJ An*.
ANTWERP— Sailed Jan 2»— Br shiD Wan
derer, for San Francisco.
PANAMA— Sailed Jan !)— Br ship Euphrates,
for Sydney Heads, ¦ ¦ . ' .
SHANGHAI— Sailed Jan 6— Schr Carrier
Dove, for Port Townsend.
PUNTA ARENAS— Sailed Jan 6— Ger stmr
Ramses, for Hamburg.
CALETA BUKXA— Arrived Jan 7— Br etmr
Newlands. from Buenos Ayres.
GUATEMALA — Arrived Jan 18 — Stmr Aztec,
hence Dec 80.
HAMBURG— In r>ort Jan 12— Br ghiD Dur
brldge, for San Francisco.
Arrived Jan 24— Ger stmr Luxor, hence
Sept 25.
HONGKONG — To sail Jan 27 — Br «tmr Ath
enian, for Vancouver.
Sailed Jan 7 — Ger stmr Nubia,-' tor New
York. S -.
FREMANTLE— Sailed Jan 8— Br shit) River
Indus, for .
PRAWLE POINT— Passed Jan 25— Fr bark
Marguerite ' Mollnos, from Queenstown, for
West Hartfepool.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Jan 22— Br «tmr Em
press of China, for Vancouver.
SYDNEY— Arrived prior to Jan 26— Br stmr
Miowera, from Vancouver: stmr Sierra, hence
Dec 31.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived prior to Jan 26—
Br Khtn MMvertotu from San Diego.
DUXGKNESS— Passed Jan 26— Br ship Glen-'
lul. hence Oct C, for London.
bOCRAHAYA — Arrived Jan 24— ;Br atmr M
STEAMER H. J. CORCORAN,
TO BE REMODELED AND
PUT OS VALLEJO RUN.
Movements of Steamers.
The river eteajnor H. T. Corcoran, whic?h on
Monday beat f>e General Frlnble in an excit
ing race from Vallejo to this city, has returned
to the navy yard town and will not make any
more trips until she has been remodeled to
suit the Va'.lejo-San Francisco service, in
which she will succeed the Sunol. Her oil
burning apparatus will also be imoroved and
her owners expect that the next time she
rares with the Frlshle the Corcoran's victory
will be more decisive.
Will Be Remodeled.
Captain Georce A. Swanson, the commodore
captain of the Alaska Puckers' Association
and commander of the ship Euterpe, was mnr
ried yesterday at S-'!4 OTarrell street to Mrs.
Krmina. B. Montgomery. «'autain nnd Mrs.
J3wanson after the ceremony crossed the bay
in the Peterson launch Amy. which was
specially decorated for the trin. From Oak
land they took the train for Monterey, where
the honeymoon will be passed.
Veteran Mariner Marries.
The gasoline launch Amy," first born of the
Henry Peterson fleet ami on* ot the cld?st
boatf= of her kind on the bay. in enjoying a new
lease of life. Frcshlj painted outside, reup
hols-terej v. ithln. ths Amy looks smart as she
ever dlti and n Baw engine now enables her to
hoM hor own with anything in the launch lin<»
en tho liay. This nt-w engine has attracted
wld«>spiea1 attention. It is not only something
new. but it w:m built by a young man who has
taught hi*ise!f 'everything he knows about the
machinist a trade. Frank I'rters. the builder,
lmsj operated Rjsoline engines for Petor^on and
thr late <*harlt-s Fair for a number of years.
His me-rhanical genius, however, was so evl
<l<»nt that Peterscn provided Him with a lathe
ari'l other necessary pqulpni«"iit and placed him
In charg.? of all his gasoline boats. Peters
made the drawings, the patterns, did the cast
ing and machine work as well as designing the
new engine. His experience running engines
tausht bin the chief faults of mo*t machines,
and in the Amy's new .visine builders and en.
Rinecn have found much valuable suggestion.
Poter? has pdtentPd nothing about the engine.
He built it. he says, just to show that what he
objected to in other engines could be overcome.
The Atiy's engine is something on the order
of those used in automobiles. It is a four
cylinder, four cycle engine. Each cylinder is
separate. The crank shaft is in two sections.
The engine develops :55 horse power and gives
A'-'M revolutions of a .'{4-inch propeller. The en
gine taken out of the Amy weighed (iSOO
pounds. The Peters engine weighs 1900 pounds.
The old flywheel weighed 1S0O pounds, or only
100 pounds less than the nnw engine, tho fly
wheel i'f which w?ighs only 165 pounds. In the
new engine there are no gaskets. It runs
without battery, spark coil or wiring. Each
j>ait can be reached easily and repairs can be
effected withcut taking tho whole er.Sfine to
pieces. "The Amy Is- too' short to be speedy,
but the new engine sends her along at nearly
11 knots an hour.
Self-Taught Machinist
William Marsden and wife. S. H. Sheldon,
John W. Held, VV. K. I'roctor. Mrs. E. Al
bright. Nf-winan "Wolf. Daniel Hecht. wife and
two children, W*. <J. (.'oohiane, .Tuan V. Loren
7o. A. K. "."aTnany. wife and child, M. Elliot,
JI. McGrath, John Wolf, A. Mentez. Carl Han
sen. W. iS. Weimar. S. Nerchopulas. Victor
Hey. F. D. Hawkins, A. L. Seeley, J. Christie,
KJ J. Donnelly.
The Pacific Mail Company's steam
ship Newport, Captain Saunders, ar
rived yesterday from Panama and way
ports more than half a day earlier than
she was expected. The Newport was
on the drydock during her last stay in
port and a clean bottom enabled her to
make the most of the fine weather
with which she was favored through
out the homeward run. As usual Chief
Officer Morton had the vessel as clean
as an oil burner. Awnings, decks and
woodwork showed not a spot of dirt
and the brasswork shone forth in silent
testimony to the amount of elbow
grease expended in. polishing it.
The Newport brought twenty-eight
passengers, 1103 tons of cargo and
treasure valued at 354,794 6S. Three
jackies from the squadron at Panama
came up on the liner to go to the Mare
Island Hospital. Thn passengers in
cluded the following named:
S Dollar, from Honrkonjf.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Jan 26— Stmr Geor
gic, from Liverpool.
Sailed Jan 20 — Stmr Amsterdam, frfr Rotter
dam: stmr Kafser Wilhelm II, for Bremen;
Ktmr Auranla. for Gibraltar; stmr Armenian,
for Liverpool; stmr Lombardia, for Naoles and
Genoa.
LIZARD— Passed Jan 2S— Stmr Sloterdyk,
from New York, for Rotterdam.
Abe lUrshall (owner> with F. A. Keen (con
tractor) architect same— All work except
plumbing, painting, glazing, electric work
mantels, tiles ami gas fixture* for a thrw'
story frame building (three flats* on \r lin£ nf
Franklin street. 127 :« N of Vallejo. N 27 Toy
TV 110:1. Western Addition IIS- $>*423
Same owner with A Newmark
architect Hame—Plumhins and gas flttinc for
a three-story frame butMins on XV line of
Franklin street. 127 :« N of V*Meio n -7 -8 by
W 110:*, Western Addition US- $llf» " I
A. Lewte (owner> with F. A Keen r,-nn
tractor), architect PniUp Scwerdt-All work
exr-ept plumbins paintl.K. glazing Vuctri^
work, mantels tiles «nd fixtures for a thr-"
•tory frame bulldint: *flats> on W Um n r
Franklin street. 10O N of Val'ejo N" =7 K bv W
110 Western Addition Us- $.it«-, y w
Same owner with A. Newmark" (contractor)
architect same-Plumbing and ga* flttin? for
same on same; $1112. ™* rT
Andrew J. Bone <ownr r > with Alfred ni<u>n
«contractor>. architect J RouUa*,,, _
f X r»m:°b!:i i r K a on 0n K-^; ; eV^nch^,^t m "S
8 of Thirtieth. 3.25 by K .^ £rtlon SThlwk
26. Fairmount Tract; $2200.
Builders' Contracts.
Martial and Atrnes M. Halnque (by L«Miis«
P. and John G Brlekell, trusts?) tn Jnhn T
Tonahue. 1912 D ltt>. Int 4. h!ovk 75 Univer
sity Mound: also lots 15 to 22, block 3 Col
lege Homestead, trustees' deed- $S2T»
Lawrence J. Hurley to Mary J Hurlev Tot
4S. block P. Park Lane Tract 5- $10
George and Kate Ryan to Anlnn' TarUnn
lot on SE lln« of Peralta »twt l|-'«? snv
of Butler. SW 20:1%. S 93*41 SF Vl> v
124:1l'i. lots a and 4. block 2.*<£nrn rva n
subdivisions of Franconla Precita Valley Jot
J. S. and Catherine Roblson to Armenia A.
Morehead. lot on SE corner of '""lenient street
and Sixth avenue. S !<*> by K S2:6; $ll>.
Nathan Morris to Sarah Mcrrlw. lot on S
line of II Vreet. ::o w of Eleventh avenue.
TV ™o by S 1OO. quitclaim de^d; S1O.
Albert H. and Maria M. Ehret to John
Sim*, lot on E line of Sixth avenue. £25 N
of Clement street, N •_>."» by E 120; $10.
Kate E. Gaines to Suzanne Ormay, lot on
K line of Tenth avenue. 210 S of California
street, a 25 by E 120: $10.
XV. M. Storer and W. D. Holrorah tr> J. J.
TSauer. lot on W line of Twenty-eighth ave
nue, 310:5 N of Clement street. N* 42:6. SW
3:J>. SE 42:3; «2M>.
Pauline K. Genereaux tn Edward CarviU.
lot on W line of Fourteenth avenue. 250 X
of Clement street. N 25 by W 127 :«: $10.
Same to same, lot on E llns of Potrero ave
nue. 75 X of Fifteenth street. N m-.O^i hy R
10O: also lot on W line of ITtah street. .".:• N
of Fifteenth. X 32:6 by W 1OO: $1f».
I. X. and Florence S. Rcsekrans to Otto
turn Suden. lot on SW line of Hayward street,
ICO SK of Harrison. SE 25 by SW SO; $t»ri
R. N. Nason to R. X. Nason A Co. (corpo
ration), lot on XW corner of Fifteenth ami
Utah streets. N Oft by W 100; $10.
Same to name. lot on W line of Utah street,
2C2:R S of Alamerla. S 46 by W 100; $10.
William C. John R. Mary E. Walter TV",
and Thecdore L. Gray to v Westley and Attcfl
A Tonier 4 lot on SE line of Minna street. 27.1
NE of Sixth, also 20O SE of Mission, NE 23
by SE 75. quitclaim deed; $10.
J. H. T. and Henrietta Watktn*on to
Thomas Lundy. lot on N line of Frederick
street. 32:6 W of Stanyan. W 176. N 7.V.t'i.
K to point 32:6 W of Stanyan street and 53:1
X of Frederick. S K>:1: $10.
Emma M. Mr-Avoy ti> Delia I* Walsh, lot
on X line of Jacksnn street. 1«J:11 W of K<»ar
ny. W 61:10'i by X ia7:S; also lot on SF. cor
ner of Tmpont street and Broadway. E 50 by
S 60; also lot on W Iln* of Stockton stm»t.
68:9 fl of Vallejo. S i\ by W 137:6; aUo lot
on S line of Jackson street, S4 W of Stockton.
\V 21:1 by S 75; $10.
Bertha and Richard M. H. Bernrtt to
Charles E. Hansen. lot on X line ft Silver
street. «O W of Soconrt. N 2! by W r.n. $1O.
Josephine F. Bruguiere to Bruguler** t'ompany
lot on W line of WUIiqmw>:i
street, 33«:7 N of Geary N 10O by W 120; alad
lot on E line of Forty-fourth avenue. 2SO X of
C street. X 70 by E 120; al«"> lot on K lln<» <->f
Forty-sixth avenue, 140 N of L> street, E H.">.
X 73. XW !KJ. SW 91:4 S 14:7:also lot on NE
corner of Commercial and Montgomery street *.
j; jn by E W>. and property out of county: $li>.
Henry Rich to Annie T. tninphy. lot on N
lin«* of Fell irtreet. 56:3 W of Clayton. W
°5 by N 100; also lot en E line of Cole street.
175 N of Fell. N 23 by E 108:3; also lot on
W line of r'ayton street. ICO N of Fell, N
25 by W ice::!: $10.
Same to Benjamin F. Garratt. lot on N liro
of Fell street. V>il:?. E of role. E 5A by N
137:6- also. U>t on SE corner of Hayes an<!
Cole street*. E 1C4i::» by S 30: also lot on W
line of Clayton street, 12." N of Fell. N 25 by
W 1C6.3; $10.
Same to Frank P. Lansing, lot on N lin^
of Fell street. SI :3 W of Clayton. W 25 by
X 100; $10.
Same to Charles P. and Marcella logram.
lot on W line of Clayton street. 25 S of
Hayes. S 25 by W lOti^J: $1O.
Same to Henry W. P:is<>rt, l«t on S lin»
of Hayes street. 131:3 W of Clayton, W 75
by S 137:6; ?10.
Same to Frederick M. Voigt and Thenr|or«*
F Veyhle. lot on S lin« of Hayes street, lOfi:.";
E of Cole. E 2.1 by S 137 :«; $10.
Same to Merton S. Price, lot on E line of
role street, 150 X of Fell, X 25 by E 106:3:
$1°-
Joseph M. Bonarir.a to Fannie D. Bonanna.
lot on P line of California street. 5«:3 E of
Lyon. E 5i» by S 100. quitclaim deed; SI.
Louis and Jennie Friedlander to John G.
Jury, lot on X line of Sacramento street. !)ft:ll
E of Ct-ntral avenue. E 50 by N 127 .S 1 ;-. $!•>.
Matthew and Rose Smith to Mary J. Smith,
lot on S line of McAllister street. 63 E of
Gough. E 27 by S 120; gift.
City and County of San Francisco to Thomas
J. Crowley lot vn SW corner of Hayes and
Fillmore streets. S 25 by W 106:3; $ .
Albert Wilford to Elizabeth Mears. lot com
mencing on line 107:9 S of Green street and
275 E of Pierce and 167:3 N of Vallejo ani
137:« W of of Stelner. S 11:3. W 40:1. X 11:*.
W 40; $10.
Elizabeth Mears to Samu«l Herman, lot on,
S line of Green street, 273 E of Pierce, S 1 10.
W 25:1. X 119:2. E 25; $3.
Thomas. Donnelly to Benjamin Mayers, lot on
X line of Bush street, 110 E of Scott. E 27:>»
by N 137 :«; $10.
City and County of San Francisco to Mary
A. and Ellen J. Mclnerney. lot on S line of
Oak street. 131:3 W of Scott. W SO by S 137:8;
• <
Adolph and Geseine Mever to Charles Mor
ton, lot on E line of Broderlck street. 80:6 S
of Eddy. S 25 by E ICO: $10.
Rebecca Gross to Louis Gross, lot on N line of
McAllister street. 62:6 E of Broderick, E 25 by
X 112 :«; also lot on on W line of Guerrero
street. 105 N of Fifteenth N 25. W 131:3. S
30. E 31:9. N 5. E ICO. quitclaim deed; $10.
John J. and Elizabeth O"Brien to Marshall
Hale, lot on E line of Lyon street. SO X of
Clay, N 25 by E 81:3: $l<>.
TUESDAT. JAXUART 26.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
regular monthly dividend of 33c per share
February 5.
The annual meeting of ths-*«hareholders of
the Mission Bank has been called for Feb
ruary Id.
An assessment of 10c per share was delin
quent yesterday on the capital stock of the
Central Canal and -Irrigation Company of
GU-nn and Colusa counties.
United Petroleum Oil Company on January
15 declared a dividend of $1 15 per share on
the capital stock of the company for the quar
ter preceding, the amount being $16.SS2.
At the annual meeting of the stockholders of
the Pacific Auxiliary Fire Alarm Company the
old directors and officers were re-electad as
follows: Louis Sloss Jr.. president; George A.
Mcore. vice president ; M. 11. Hecht, W. Han
son. Alfred B. Ford. L. F. Monteagle and II.
A. Hedger. A. Clark was re-elected general
superintendent and A. F. McFarland secretary.
The quarterly dividend to be paid In February
will be Increased to 10c p«r share from 5c. the
amount heretofore paid.
The National Bank of Pomona is about to
change . Its name to the Fanners' and 5ler
chants' National Bank of Pomona. The capi
tal V.-U1 be increased from $50,000 to $100,000
and the surplus will be $25,000. An addi
tional dividend of 50 per cent was declared at
the last shareholders' meeting.
At the annual meeting of the shareholders
of the Pacific Coast Casualty Company the
board of directors were re-elected to serve for
the ensuing year as follows: Antoin* Borel,
F. P. Deering. William M. Pierson. Henry E.
Bothin. E. F. Green. Henry Rofenfeld. Edward
I... Brayton. I. W. Hellman Jr.. Adolph A. Son.
John C. Coleir.an and William S. Tevis.
• Stock and Bond Exchange.
TUESDAY. Jan. 26 — 2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS. *
Eifl.Ask.' Bid. Ask. I
4s qr coup..l07'i — ;4s qr cp newl33«;i34 |
4s qr reg...lO7ti — \'J» qr coup.. 107 10S l i j
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A XV 5s. — — 'O T Co 6s.ll7<i —
Bay CPO 5*102 103 | Do 5a 100 —
Cal C G 5s. — 107 | Do con 5s. 102 —
Cal G & E g | Oceanic S 5s. — 75
m & ct 5s. — 104 iOra Cable 63.1224125
Cal-st C 5s. 114 — iPac G Im 4s. — OS
C C Wat 5s. — 104 IP E Ry 5s.lO4 T i —
Ed L & P fis.120 — iP & C H 6s.lO.;«i —
F & C H «s. — 120 ;P & O R 6s.ll7 —
Geary-st 5s.. 45'i 00 Pnweil-st fi*.U3«; —
II C&S 5'i?.104 — SE G&R 5s. — 1001,
Do 5s ns> 9914|ar & sjvss.ur ur>;
Hon R T «s.lO6 — iSlerra R fis.110%112
L A Elec 5s. — — IS P of A 6s
L A Ry 5«.. — 115ti nr»OO> 105 106
L A L Co 6». — — U910) 106'4 —
Do gtd tis. — — S P of C 6."
Do Rtd 5s. — 104 (tOtC.)Sr A.104 —
LAP lem 5s.lO2'-', — (lf)05)Sr B.104*; —
Mkt-st C Pn.llfi^.117 (10C6) lC5V410fi I
Do lem 58.114^115 (lf>12) — 118U
NRR of C6S.10.-.MU54 SPC 1 eg 5s. — —
Do 5s lt? 1^ — I Do stmpd. — — !
X C R 5».. — 112 S P B R es.l.'J.'JSi —
X C P O 5s. 93 100 S V W 6s>.10r>5;i07>4 I
N P C R 5?. — 1O."» Do 4s 2<1m. SH»'i — j
X S R R 5s. — lCO'i Do 4s .1<1m. 90'i — ;
O G L H 5s.lOS — Stkn GAE 6s — 102 I
O W gtd 5s. — 93 U G & E 5s. — — I
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 39 40 [Port Costa.. — —
Marin Co... — 65 iS V W Co.. 39% 40
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L * P. — 4i;:s F G & K — —
Mutual E L. 11 12 istkn G «: E. 5 —
Tac L Co.. 56 t» jU G t E. - 39
Sac E G & R — — 1
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
S F G & E. — — I
» INSURANCE.
Firem's FTid.300 350 I
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk. — 130 L P & A... — 170
Anglo-Cal .. S9 l i 92 M»r Trust... — 240
Bank of Cal. 441 '4 — Merch Ex... — —
Cal Safe Dp. — 150'i S F Natlonl. — —
First Nationl — —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L. — 2300 ISav & L So. — 100
Hum S & L. — — Sec Sav Bk. — 450
Mutual Sav.lCO — Union T Co. — —
S F Sav U.B2O 650
STREET RAILROADS.
California .. 107^205 IPresidio 40 _
! Geary — 80 I
! POWDER.
Giant 62 C4 I Vigorlt 3>^ 4'i
! SUGAR.
I liana P Co. — — IKilauea S C. — S
i Hawaiian C. 4T.i — jMakawell C. 21 2:i
I Honokaa S C 12 — lOnomca S C — 27^
i Hutch SPC 8>i — IPoauhau S C — 14
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A.l.'iO 140<j Oceanic S C 44 6
t.al F C A. 1)5 — jPac Aux FA 5 8
, Cal Wine A. »l?i Oi'ilPac C Borx.167 —
i Morning Session.
Beard —
.V) California Fruit Canners.. 35 TO
14t> Hutehlr.sor. S P Co S 50
S3.0CO Pac Klectrlc Ry 5 per cent lftf OO
$5.0»JO s H of t: t!s (1912c b 2 118 25
Street — w
! $15.CC0 S F & S J V 5 per cent IIS 12V4
$10,OCO S 1" of C 6 per cent M9iZ> 11S^25
Afternoon Session.
Board—
5 Rank or California 442 50
SO Hutchinson S P Co,s 3 S 50
40 S K Gas & Electric 38 5<>
S5 Sprins Valley Water Co :K> 75
*.1,00U S P Branch Ry « per cent 131 00
|},CGO S P Cal 1st con 03 ( ?tamped>. 109 0<>
Street —
100 Spring, Valley \Vst«r Co. h 20. .!r> 7S
15 Spring Valley Water Co 39 75
California Stock and Oil Exchange
! » Oil Stocks— Bid. Asked.
Ailma
AYjoIIo *•'
Asrsociated Trust Ort IS
J Aztec K»
California Standard , 1
, faribou 120 2,00
! Ontral Point Con *»b
; Chlcagt* Crude - . - ;>
i C^a^emont s 
! Ksperanza 1 So .
Four TO
j Fulton 4 "°
; Giant
! Ilanford M.HO 00
; Home 110 1 1 j
j Imperial
j Independence ••'* •¦••
' Junction 16
j Kern 4 M 5 00
i Kpmi RlVCT I** °°
i Lion • «»
Monarch tcf Arizona) <l
Monte Cristi» "3 .^'j
Occidental of W. Va , 1<
Oil City Petroleum I 29
Peerless 1 1 50
I Pittsbun? ••••
Reed Crude 4 W»
8. F. & McKittrick
San Joaquin O. & D •_• ....
¦Senator J|5 ••¦*
Sovereign •" n
Sterling - JjO -.'_>
Superior C5 _ '»?
! Thirty-Three 6 («?» • OO
Toltrc 1* '-•<>
! Twenty-Eight ••;; * ••»
j West Shore - -•> <> W
: Miscellaneous-* .
• Abby Land and Imp 1 «f> 1 60
Alameda Sugar* ,~AA
| Amerioan Biscuit 50 00
American Dist. Tel ....
Cal. Gas & Klec. Corp ....
Cal. Cotton Mills SO W» 05 00
Cal. Jockey Club
Cal. Shipping Co ....
Cal Title Ins. & Trust
Central Bank of Oakland 70 00
Chutes Company ... ;
Cypress Lawn Imp Co 6 -o
Fischer's Theater .._. 2 25
Gas Consumers' Ass n ....
Honolulu Sugar .; | ....
Northern Cal Power 0 00
North Shore Railroad 20 00
Orpheum Company IB 00 ....
Pacillo States Tel * Tel ....
Parafflne Paint 3."i 00 ....
Kan Francisco Dry Dock ....
Sanitary Reduction Works.. 1 8O ....
Sausallto Land and Ferry ....
Sperry Flour Company ....
Standard Electric
Tesla Coal Co 2T> 00 50 00
Truckec Electric
Union Sugar ....
United Gas and Electric..
Mornlr^ Session.
Oil Associated ~M ¦
10O0,Oil City Petroleum. B. 30 si
200 Caribou « 170
ICO Home • 113
Afternoon Session.
000 'Claremont zn
100 Caribou 1 70
48 Spring Valley S3 5O
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange board yesterday:
Moi nine Session.
ICO Ande3 31 W» Gould & Cur. CS
aOO Belcher 32 100 Justice tg
100 Best & Belch.l 70 ICO Ophir 4 cs
"CO Caledonia ... 90 .'500 Ophir 400
ICO Challenge Con 24 3fO Potosl •»«»
100 Chollar 23 400 Savage ! 5"
I 100 Con C & Va.l 55 100 Silver Hill .. «4
t "00 Con C & Va.l 50 100 Union Con .. 81
200 Con Imperial. OH ICO Yellow Jacket 41
Afternoon Session. -. -
2(X) Andes -"2 1«> Gould & Cur 35
ICO Belcher 32 :;C0 Mexican ... 170
100 Challenge Con 26 200 Ophir 4 ]o
100 Chollar 22 200 Ophir 4 f0
1250 Con C & Va.l 00 2«0 Savage &»
r-0 Con C & Va.l 60 250 Sliver Hill .. «
250 Gould & Cur. 36 50O Union Con . . 84
I .«._ — . 1 _
I Coast Survey' charts, except when a minus ('— )
I sipn procedra thp heisht. and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters."-.; "v • - 1 ."
NEWPORT ARRIVES FROM THE ISTHMUS
HALF A DAY AHEAD OF SCHEDULE TIME
1
Pacific Mail Company's Steamship Has Fine Weather All
the Way From Panama, and a Clean Bottom Enables
Her to Make Good Time— Brings Treasure Worth $54,794
i PACIFIC STOCK EXCH£>*GE.
Following were the sales o» l*s> Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session. .
20O Alpha Con .. 00 200 Juatlc* %^ . . . 10
Andes 32 200 MrxlcaS 1 «.-»
10O Con C & V.I 52*j W>0 Mexican >.l t£',
100 Con C & Va.I 5<> 5^0 Sierra *«-*,. Cl
10O Con X Y "5 2O> Silver Mil, .. Kl
10O Crown Point. 2* 1«> rnton C«», . . W
100 Gould & Cur. 30^ 20<> Yello* .W*et 43
Afternoon Session.
SOO Caledonia ... 1W 10OOpi.tr i'i.4 CO
ICO Con C & Va.l 55 10D Potost Tl
10O Con G & V.I 52»-i 10ft Savage .*•
•JOO Gould tc Cur. SB 1C» S«* B*loher.. •«
SCO Gould & Cur. »7 100 Sir rra Nev . . t,4
20O Justice C8 20O Sierra Nev .. «••
10O Mexican 1 «5 ICO Silver IH11 .. «.1
20O Mexlcaa ...l«7«-i 700 Silver Hill .. «•:
.TOO Mexican 170 10O Tnion Ion .. Ht
SOO Mexican t 55 4C0 1'nlon Con .. W
ICO Mexican ...157V. WO Tnion Con .. SI
2CO Mexican I 60: 100 Union Con .. hi
SCO Ophir 4 IS SCO Utah It
10O Ophir 4 05[ MO Yellow Jacket M
TONOPAH MIXING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
500 Evelyn 25' 1000 Rescue "*»
1 ICO Mont Ton ..140 ICO Ton Fteimont. fiT
100 Mont Ton ..145 BOO Tba N Star.. S3
150O Paymaster ... 00 30O Ton X Star.. Jl
1100 Paymaster ... 10'
Afternoon Session.
500 Evelyn 231 100 Ton Bcimont. tB
ICO Mont Ton ..1 «S 400 Ton Belmont. 7ft
10O Mont Ton...l 42% I
CLOSING QUOTATION'S.
TUESDAY. Jan. 28—4 p. m.
Bid.Ask. | Bld.Ask.
Alpha CS 09 Justice 03 09
Alta 11 l.t;Kentuck J 01 <'."
Andes 31 33'iKeyos Oraes.. — 1 7.1
Belcher 31 r.Udy Wash... — W
Best *l Belch. 1 C5 1 TO Mexican 1 83 1 fiO
Bullion 07 OS Occidental ... SH> —
Caledonia ... !>•'! 9"> Ophir 3 00 3 !>.'.
Challenge Con 23 27;(nerman .... 25 27
Chollar 22 2::jPotosl 20 22
ror-fldence ...1 05 1 15iSavage ...... 50 51
Con C & Va.l 5O 1 53 'Scorpion 0:: «9
Con Imperial. 03 O4;Seg Belcher-. 07 tr>
Con X Y — 07 ! Sierra N'«v .. «O *¦:'.
Crown Point. 23 24 f Silver Hill .. 65 fc*
East Sierra N* 05 06|st Ix)Uls — 2t»
Eureka Con.. — KO Syndicate 04 W
Exchequer ... 15 lsjl'nion Con .. »1 KJ
r.ould & Cur. 3.". 36lrtaa W >?
Hale & Xoxc. 75 SO, Yellow Jacket 42 «4
' Julia 03 • •
TONOPAH MIXE3.
Bid.Ask. , EId.A.«k.
Colehan — 19 Ray & OBrien — 10
Esperanza ... — 01 ; Rescue 05 JJ
«old Anchor. — 23 Ton Belmonr. «3 .0
Hannapah ... — •"*> Ton & Cal... — 2t
Hannapah Mu — SOjTon Exten ..50
Lucky Tom.. — 05 Ton Fraction. — 4S
! MacNamara . 11 It Ton of N>\-5 62^ 6 25
i Mizpah EX... 25 —Ton N Star.. 83 3t
1 Mont Ton..l 37>* 1 40 i Ton Midway. 42 U
I N Y Ton — 05 Ton Superior. — ?S
j Paymaster ... 10 12 United Ton... — 12
I Ray Kit en .. — 25 i
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page Fifteen.
«¦; . ¦- ¦ . ¦ • ¦ ¦ ¦ .¦-¦¦-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY. JANUARY 27, 1904.
14
tyj-'rlendB and a<~<juaintances are respect-
fully inviteJ to attend the funeral to-day
iWrdnrsdsv), «•. *:.">0 o'clock, from the par-
lrrs of the Unllfd UnderUkcru, thence to
£L Rene* Church, where a r*<julem hijh
C7"Friend» ajid acn'oaintar/ces are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Thursday, January 28, 1JHM. at 10 o'clock,
at the mortuary chapel of Julius S. Godeau.
.{OR Montgomery avenue. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
TEVUN- In this city. Januan' ~": l»04, Julia
Tevlln, beloved sister of Maggie Tevlin. a
native cf County Meath, Ireland, aeed 4:1
years. A n>eml>er of Yorke Division Ho. 3.
Ladieji* Auxiliary. A. O. H.
CTFriond" and acquaintances are refect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
< Wednesday*, at :• o'cl«v-k, from the resl-
•ietic^ of her daughter. MrE. J. Flanaean, 150
Hartfoni streit. between Eichteenth and
Nin»teenlh. tlwnce to tho Church Of the Mort
Holy RfilwrnT, where a requiem high mac*
will* be celrhraled for the repose of her soul
at 9:20 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
SCHLOEMEIl— In this city, January 2fi. 1904.
i~i+orK<- F"., dearly t>eloved infant son of John
F. and Alathilda Schloemer. a native of San
Kran"ise«i, i.^r.j l month and 20 day*.
SHANAHAN — In this city. January 2<J. 1904,
Kathertm? Gabriel. l»elovcd daughter oi"
Michael and Ellen Shanahan. and sister of
Patrirk .1.. Mary, Hirdie. Virclaia, Lizzi"
«nd the lat(» Mary Ann Shanahan. a native
of Brooklyn, N. 1'., aged 21 years ;; months
»nd 21 days.
STRICKLAND- In this city. January 23. 1904,
.John A. Ftrickland. brother or George Strick-
land <jf Fresno, n native of England, . aged
:> van H> months and 17 days.
FTUAHT-Iri this city, January 2«. 1»04. Wil-
liam Adams Stuart, a native Of Newbury-
|>frt. Ma^s.. aged «Jl yrar* and 10 days.
CTThe funeral will talf place on Friday.
January 29. lt*04. at 2 o'clock, from Masonic
T'mplr". eorncr l'ost andi Montsromt-ry streets,
t> here tiervices will l>e held under the aus-
!.:.•<•>¦ of Excelsior L«odse No. 160. V. «4id A.
M. Intf-rment urlvate. Remains at the fai-
lors of Carew & English, 23 Van Nets ave-
nue. .
TE8TAKA— la this city. January 24. 1904.
Xfanurl Testana. a native of Portugal, aged
'Si years.
CVKrieni!* and aoquaintanres are re^r»cct-
fuliy invited tn Ktten.i th? funr-rnl Thursiay.
January 2>>. liKM. at *::;<• o'clock, from the
mortuary dupd of J. S. Ooooau. «05 Mmit-
cimery axfiiu*. thence to St# Francis
Cliurch.. where a mass will l>c paid for the
tepefce of h»r Foui. Intcrm-nt Holy Cro?s
Cemetery.
RVAN — In thfF city, January 25. 1904. Han-
nah, wife of the late James Ryan, and dear-
ly b»Iov*d mother t.f Mifi. J. Flanagan. Mrs.
J. Austin »nd M. J. and J. H. Ryan, a na-
«ive of the pari;-h of <"ariicalin«-. County
Cork. Ireland.
fully invitc.l La attend the funeral sen-ices
to-day «W<dnewtayi. at 10 o'clock, at her
late rw-i-Jence, ws Hami'shire street. Inter-
:a'iit Cyures-s Lawn Cemetery.
IiOimKE— In *li:> city. January 23. 1904.
HrJoRft Bonrke. beloved mothr of James
Rovrke. a nr.tivc of Jre!an<1. accd 72 yea-H.
DEATH NOTICES
Continued From Page Thirteen.
n:ays will be celebrated for the repose of her
snut ai 9 o'clock Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
TJERNEY— In this city. January 25, 1004.
Anthony 1 it- rney, a native of Countv SHjto
Ireland, ae-.l Tij years.
CTFrlcnds and acquaintances are respect-
i'«- y i invlt '"' 1 ''» attend the runeral to-day
<\\f-.3ne^|av). a'. II o'clock, from the par-
lo-.s of the Henry J. Gallagher Undertaking
! i omjiany. VO Fifth Mreet, thence to St.
Marys Cathedral, whrre a solemn requiem
hifch mass win be ceJebrated for the repose
"I nil soul comment ins at 9:30 o'cKK;k.
Interment Irtly Croys Ometery, by li;jo
o clock train from Third and Townsend
W ;V-V l H: N ;~ !n Oaklan^ January 26. 1004, at
l©1 \\€bner street, Abby M.. widow of the
» i°. \, ih ,, } '- Wnrrrn - mother of the late
Aqaw M. Hooit.m. prandmother of William
.• 1*P° KS " ( Oakland, and sister of Mrs &
& Tllton - Mrs - Kl>en Johnson and Mru. David
i-el|r, w> of San Francisco, a native of New
"a*™ " Sed H * Jeara 9 month s an <l 18
WOODS— In Banning. Cal.. January 24, 19O4.
m - n V" M(X^ S - beloved son of Mr. and
Mm James Woods, and brother of^ Mrs.
(.corge L. Mitchell of San Francisco, Mrs.
II. Bruns of Oakland and W. p.. j. t Mar-
f-Y/ V Joilnlr - aI "I Theresa Woods, a native ot
Ldinburgh Scotland, aged 21 years.
lt> Kriend:> and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral -Wednes-
day, January 27. 11)04. at S:30 o'clock, from
he parlors of James McManus. Seventh and
"hf, i, r. e i tS ' , Oakl3nd . <-'«l-. thence to the
< hutch of the Immaculate Conception, where
a Hcieron requiem mass will be celebrated for
the renns- of his soul at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment hi. Mary a Cemetery. Oakland.
ZACHARIAK — In Alameda. January 25 1004
£i£ a"':] SrM M ZaChaHaS ' 8Sed «
CT-Friends and aiQualntances are resnect-
fu ly Invited to attend the funeral from l,s
late residence. 2112 Railroad avenue (Willow
Hation) Alameda. to-day (Wednesday), at
-o clock. Cremation Oakland Crematory
HaHBHHEBBHHHBHBBBBEHaBHBHHBHHHBHUB
S A View of the Great St. Lonis Exposition From Your Armchair I
J ¦ ¦
I I... ST. LOUIS... I
¦ 1 ' Q
! World's Fair Portfolio Series f
S IN BEAUTIFUL COLORS I \
J| I , ' B
g PRESERVE THIS SERIES TO BE BOUND IN PORTFOLIO FORM 5
5 ¦ a
5 a
¦ Greater San Francisco's Greatest Dally scores ¦
* again with an entirely new Sunday feature. g
c By en exclusive arrangement, secured at an enor- »
5 mous "cost, THE SUNDAY CALL will be the first to m
S Issue U»e WORLDS FAIR OFFICIAL ART SERIES, £1
Q reproductions In color of the grounds and buildings H
B of the Louisiana Purchase Exposition. H
¦ . H
5 _____^__ , < i t , , ,— - B
S^ • ¦ ¦• -'B
a f .-. " ¦ .. I ¦
b L: .. • : . • >^H *-* * H
gi.--;a: ' ,; ilif ' : r*sH . I
a , b
t: 3IACHINERY HALL. B
o n
o — I j— r h
g THE FiR5T OF THIS SERIES WILL BE ISSUED g
g SUNDAY, JANUARY 31st |
¦ ' H
S The original of that Sunday's Art Supplement In g
p Chr first artistic reproduction showing the archltec- gj ;
C tural beauty of the Ivory City, and is selected as one fl
E of the best of the many views submitted, It being the S3
O object to combine hi a limited scries the most import- H
J5 ant and interesting features of the St. Louis World's 2
g { '- B
B The Palace of Machinery, representing power. D
l - force, in reality the pivot on which this immense ex- jS
J? liibitinn revolves, is the inaugural issue of wliat will H
q doubtless prove the most interesting series that was rj
rj ever given free by a publication. B j
B The main entrance to this building shows n triple §
arcade, with larce pa'.ilion In the center. The north 5| !
front, which is thirteen hundred fert in length, has an g j
g Krcade of nine arches as a center feature. g
H Following tho clasflcal In ".rchUcctural cfTect. M |
O there are found several beautiful examples or the Itnl- 3 .
g Ian and Spanish Renaissance styles. T?:e hrilllancy of rj ;
'color, the realistic scene, with the moving crowds of gg j
?S sightseers, give variety and animation to the picture. 13 •
B Nothing is so nnlversally attractive as power. Men. i
rnimal- and nature are most fascinated when, by ' S ;
g ft* exercise, they demonstrate i>ossesv!on or extraor- |j :
u dinary power. Admiration for might and the desire p j
ig to see it In evidence, to feel It and sense It. to remein- r -i
M her it and to tell of It. are Instinctive factors with *3
Hi men. women and children. Tlds is the keynote to the * !
2 collection and arrangement of the exhibits in the Ma- §
* chinery Department — Power. Here are shown the jg I
j methods and means for creating every variety of ma- B '
.3 chinery for the generation, transmission and use of H j
tS power. 8 i
2 Forty thousand horses harnessed together and H
riullins with one mighty concentrated effort convey ¦ I
tj the Idea of the total power which makes the wheel's B3 j
B of this World's Fair go round. The engines, con- ¦ !
B denscrs. puinp«. movln? machinery and accessories • B
c niakins up the power plant, which is the largest ever **
f-hown at an exhibit, are installed on the main floor ra
2 of Machinery Hall and weupy the entire westerly half
C or tliat buildina — an area of somethinz over 200.000 M
O ?quarp feet, or about the size of an ordinary citj "
Q block. H
S Thrrr will doubtless be an unprecedented demand n
a for this SERIES. Nearly every one will want to pre- n
C serve them to be bound In PORTFOLIO FORM. B
SB Make certain of your getting the full set by giving H
O an advance order. ~* fcl
1 I THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL I I
g GREATER SAN FRANCISCO'S GREATEST PAPER g
B ¦ 1 H
0 ALL TRAIN NEWSBOYS AND AI.L NEWS Q
a DEALERS SELL THE CALL. y
BBBBBBBBgBBBBBBHBBBBBBBBBannEBaHaBBaaBBaBaBBHLONDON. Jan. 26.-^The offerings' at the
auction sales to-day amounted to 11,100 bales.
A good eupply of merinos was in eager,.-re
quest. Americans secured a few lines of su
perior Victorian greasy.
London Wool Sales.
CHICAGO. Jan. 26. — The action of tho
wheat market to-day was more or less of a
riddle, which few traders professed to solve
One thing seemed certain, however — the key to
the situation was held by the. leader of the
longs, whose enormous selling yesterday re
sulted in a break of over 3 eentu In May while
to-day a selling movement originated from the
came source carried, .the. price over 2 cents
farther away from the . dollar mark. The
action of this one powerful trader was thfi
only feature ir. the pit.. all general news belnz
totally Ignored. At the start the Armour'ln
tereft was an open buyer. For the first hour,
while the demand from the bull crowd con-
Future Grain and Proisions.
Another car of Western Poultry was on s*I».
making the third car marketed thus far this
week. Offerings o' Western consisted chlefiv
of large Hens and -Rooster*, which sold oft
falrlv at $fl<g6 50 per doi^n. Receipts of do
mestic . stock were moderate and youncr stock,
particularly Fryers and BmMer*. were In rood
request at steady prices. Small jmd old Hens
wem weak at lower prices owing to the abun
dance ct Western *tf>ck.- There was not much
lnoulry for dressed Turkeys, and the lia-ht re
ceipts were just about sufficient for require
ments. Only seven case* came In.
Game was weak under liberal arrivals and a
light demand, and there was a general decline
In-P-cVs.- ; M-.'/iV.-r: 1 ¦• ¦--,-
POULTRY—- rws*«d Turk»vs. 1R-#2lc rer ih;
live Turkeys. 15©17c per lb; Geese, per pair.
Poultry and Game.
r OYL CITY, Pa., Jan. 26.— Credit balances,
$185; certificates, no bid.
Eastern Oil Market.
STOCK MARKET.
A Dull Day on the Local Stock
and Oil Exclianges.
Business was light on all the exchanges yes
terday and there were no fluctuations worthy
of note. Among the unlisted securities $1COO
San Francisco and North Pacific bonds sold at
$110 37H. -
Aa assessment of SOc per. share was delin
quent en the capital stock of th* Pacific Trans
fer Company yesterday.
The Pacific Lighting Company will pay a
Chicago Board of Trade.
St. Louis Wool Market.
ST. LOUIS. Jan. 20.— Wool, nominal. Medium
grades, combing and clothing. 17«?21c; llgh*.
fine, 15«17c: heavy, fine. 12@14V4c; tub
washed. 20®30^jC.
.The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered In San Francisco, less' 50
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers, SflOc: Cows and Heifers.
7fiSc:-thln Cows. 4£5c per lb. •;-..¦>
CALVES— 4e4^ac per lb (gross weicht).
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
ar*- as follows:
BEEF— «V4«g7Vic for Sttera and «©6Uc per
Ib for Cows.
VEAL — Larpe SSOc; small. 9@10c per lb.
MTTTCN— Wethers. OVA©10c; Ewes. 033»ic
per lb. ¦ . '
LAMB— lO'^eile rer lb.
PORK— Dr»s»i»a Bun; 7««Ur n«r lb.
. . LIVESTOCK MARKET.
DRESSED MEATS.
Mutton nilen firm »t the advance with
wb'ch the wc?k onened Dry weather and short
pasturars are doina- the buslne«« for Muttnn.
and ftill nig-he* pHces are predicted. There
arr> nc srr*n«r Lambs coming In. aa they are
being killed to save the ewe«.
Beef remains as before anoted. Cattle »re
belnir sent into market about two months
earlier than usual, owing to the short feed,
and butchers sav that when this first rush I*
over the market is likely to advance. Veal
continues firm.
There Is no change In- Hogs. The supply
is about equal to the demand.
Meat Market.
Flour qr ska .. 0.S-11 \ Quicksilver, flks 7*
Wheat ctl» .... 21.284 .Leather, rolls... 37
Barley" ctls .... 4fi.:{18Sagar. ctls 1.72O
Oats ctla 1.000 Beans, ska 1.S41
Corn. "West, ctla 1.700 Potatoes, ska .. 6,1?5
Tallow ctls 250Onlnns. «ka .... 30i!
Lime bbls .... 27niMld<11lrw. sks.. 02O
Paper reams .. S37 Terd. *k* 42
Brandy Pfala •- "."50 Wool, bate* ... 41
Wine 'gals . . . 33.C5i> Shorts, sktf 2H.1
Pelts" bdl» . 750 Straw, tons .... 29
Hides bdla 773 Hay. tons .... 361
FOR TUESDAY. JANUARY 2*5.
Receipts of Produce.
NEW YORK, Jan. 26.— Special telegraphic
and cable communications received by Brad
street's show the following changes In a va li
able supplies as compared with last account-
Wheat — United States and Canada, east of
the Rockies; Decrease, (Ktl.uOO bushels; afloat
Tor and in Europe, increase :500,000 bush
e!t; total supply decreased 331.000 Bushels.
• Corn— United States and Canada east of the
Rocklet: Increased C72.00O bushels.
Oats— United States and Canada east or the
Rockies: Decreased S33.0C0 bushels.
Available Grain Supply.
Wyoming — Fine, 15ij516c; heavy fine, • 13@
14c: fine medium. H>(S17c; medium, lSti'glOc.
Utah and Nevada— Fine, . lSffHOc; heavy fine,
13@14c; fine . medium, lOtiljKc; medium
19@20c.
-Montana — Choice. If»@20c: line medium,
choice, 10i920c; -average.- 18«J19c; staple, 19®
2Cc; medium, choice, l'J(S20c.
BOSTON, Mass., Jan. 26.— Wool has been
bought freely during the past six days at firm
prices. . A steady business has been done in
territory wools. • Quotations:
Idaho — Fine and . heavy. 13®14c; fine me
dium. 16@17c: medium. l"V6«*l>Sc. .
Boston Wool Market.
The d«mand for table Potatoes continues
active, and as the dally receipts are just about
sufficient for average requirements the market
rules firm at well-sustained prices. -The bulk
of the Salinas and river Burbanks. both here
and In tho growing districts, are held by a
few dealers. «who control the market and keep
the receipts Awn, thus preventing any accu
mulation. There is no new business to report
In Oregon Burbanks. A steamer arrived yes
terday with 3172 sacks, which had not been
discharged up to a late hour. There were no
freuh arrivals Of Sweets and carried-over. stock
wan in good request at the previously quoted
rate. Onions were steady and unchanged. Tht
Oregon steamer brought down ISO sacks.
As usual otj Tuesday the receipts of vege
tables from Los Angeles were very light and
offerings consisted almost entirely of carried
over stock, which was In good request at steady
prices. Tomatoes continued to advance, as
old and trashy offerings were well cleaned up
and th* warmer seemed to stimulate
the demand for choice lots. Mushrooms were
scarce owing to tie dry weather In the In
terior and prices ranged hlshsr. Two boxes of
Asparagus came In from the river and sold at
40c per pound.
POTATOES — Burbank* from the Hver. .SOcU
$1 per ctl: Salinas Rurtwnks. *1 25<S1 60 per
ctl: Oregon Burbanks. . $1 2fiSl 35 per ctl:
River Reds. SOffffOc per ctl: Garnet Chiles. 00c
*m per ctl: Early Rose. OOc«T$l per ctl;
Sweet Potatoes. ?2 per ctl.
ONK>NS — Yellow, $1 40<?Jl CO per ctl; Green
Onions. fW?P5c per box.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas. 3@:>e per lb;
String Beans. iO#15c per lb: Wax. :
Tomatoes from Los Aneeles. $l??t 25 ,ner box
or crate: Rhubarb. 6c pe»- lb: "Summer
Fn'iish firm Los AngMes. 75c*Sl per box:
Cabbage, $1 per ctl: f"«rmt», 50c. per sack;
Hothouse Cucumbers. TRcfiSl per dnien for
small and *1 50^175 'or large: .On rile. 5
*!«c;.per. lb: Egjr Plant. 12H«15e per
lb: -Dried Penners. 5<QSc rr lb for Stock
ton antl ll(ftl2>Ac for southern: Dried Okn.
12Ue per lb- «r*en Peppers. ¦ MS7c ner Ib:
Mushrooms. 35tff50c per lb.: Marrowfat and
Hubbani Sni-asb. *'0«?15 per ton fox round
loti and 'iS^c per lb for sacked.
DRIED PEAS— Ncminal
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
. The trade continue to quote a firm but quiet
market for Beans, with Limas. small White
and Pink leading in firmness. The two former
are influenced, by dry weather and the latter
by light and closely held stocks. We can do
very little In the way of overland shipments a<s
long as our market stays 30c above the Michi
gan market.
S*eds remain as previously qnoted.
BEANS — Bayoy. 92 35*12 45: Pea. $3 25: But
ters. $3: small White, $2 f>."Vii:S 05; large White.
$2 35^2 CO: Pink. $2 80ff?2 00: Red. $4 25-S* 50;
Lima. $3 15<33 25: Red Kidneys, $4 25: Blaok
eye. $2 15g2 25 per ctl: Horse Beans. $2@2 50.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard f.1; Yellow Mus
tard. ?2 C5®2 80: Flax. $1 S0@l 00! Canary.
5»5>4c for Eastern: Alfalfa. ll£14c: Rape.
JH^2c: Tlmotny. 6fffi^c: Hemp. 3Vi«3V4c per
lb; Millet. 3@3^c; Broom Corn Seed. $20-523
per ton. .
Beans and Seeds.
Cont, for money!17 11-16 N Y .Central.';., .123U
Do for acct.87 15-16 Nor & West 62
Anaconda 3$i Do pfd 00
Atchison 70% Ont & Western.;. 24
Do pfd n.1«; Pennsylvania 62
Bal & Ohio 8551 Band Mines - 0%
Can Pacific 122>i Reading
Ches & Ohio 35VJ Do' 1st pfd... 41
Chi Great W 17% Do 2d pfd 31
Chi, Mil & St P.HOft So Railway 22V
De Beers ..2(1 Do pfd s«i2
Den & Rio G 22% So Pacific 51 y.
Do pfd. 75«4 Union Pacific 829i
Erie 29 Do pfd.... on
Do 1st pfd 71 U S' Steel, w HSi
Do 2d pfd . . 43VJJ Do pfd..... 5014
III Central 137% Wabash 21H
Louis & Nash... 113 Do pfd.... Jrtii
M. K & Tex.,... 1S%\ n
Bar silver— Firm, 25&d per ounce.
Money — 2fi2U per cept. ' : ,
The rate of discount In the open market for
short bills Is 3VA per cent and for three months'
bills 3H oer cent.
London Closing Stocks.
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — 1 Westing Com ... S3
Call loans 3 *?l% Mining —
Time loans 4Vi@3 United Copper... 6
Bonds— Adventure '. 24
Atchison U ..... 9SU Allouez 41I
Mex Cent 4s 69 Vi Amal Copper .... 50%
Railroads — Blnghara 22->4
Atehlson f.»% Calumet & Hecla.455
Do pfd 01 Vi, Centennial 15^.
Boston & Albany.24r>'/j Copper Range ..; 45
Boston *: MaIne.ltS-8 . Daly West 31S
oBston Elev 140. Dom Coal eitt
N Y. N II & H..195% Franklin 8%
Fltohburs pf....l36 Isle Royale sii
Union Pacific S0*i Mohawk 3714
Mex Central 12% Old Dominion..., 10^
Miscellaneous— Osceola 5.8
Amer Sugar ....130 Parrot 22H
Do pfd 125 Vi Qulncy 90'
Amer Tel & Tel.. If 8 a t Panta Fe Copper 2
Dom Iron & S:. 8',i Tamarack 108
Gen Electric ....17fl Trinity 4TZ
Mass Electric ... 22% United States 20"*
Do Pfd 70 Utah 3314
"United Fruit 07H Victoria nu
U S Ste-el 11H Winona 6*4
Do pfd &$% Wolverine 70^4
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Miscellaneous Markets.
Iron closed" at 49s 0d in Glasgow and at
42s ll^d in Middlesboro. Locally Iron was
nominally unchanged. No. 1 foundry northern,
$15{?16: No. 2 foundry northern. $ljirl5; No.
1 foundry southern and No. 1 foundry southern
eoft, $13 75614 25.
Spelter also was unchanged in New York,
closing at $4 95@5 05. while In London It ad
v-mccd 2s Cd to £21 12s Cd
NEW YORK, Jan. 26.— The London tin
market recovered a part of its recent loss
during to-day's session, spot closing il 10*
higher at JE127 10s, while futures advanced
£1 12s 6d to £12S 7s Cd. The New York
market closed about 50 points higher at
$28 :*C@28 60.
Copper was steady • In London, with spot
2s t'd higher at £50 5s, and futures at 3s i)d
higher at £56. Locally copper was nominal
Lake, $12 «52^fil2 87%; electrolytic., $12 50®
12 75; casting, $12 37^612 C2&.
Lead was unchansed at $4 6O<34 C5 locally,
but declined Is 3d In London, where It closed
at £11 11* 3d.
Xav York Metal Market.
DRIED FRUITS
EVAPORATED APPLES— Ruled dull, with
prices favoring buyer*. Common, 4S.V; prime,
5^iff?5Vic: rhnce, X'iigCc; fancy, H 1^'g7c.
PRUNES— Remain steady at from 3Hc to
6>4c for all grades.
APRICOTS— Are In fair jobbing demand,
with choice at !»Vi@OVic; extra choice, 9%@
10'ic; fancy, ll@15c.
PKACHKS— Are firm. Choice. 7Vj®7?;c; ex
tra chcice. 7? 4 iaS-"ric; fancy. 0@lCc.
COFFEE— f?nct Rio. firm; No. 7 Rio invoice.
S?4c; mild, steady. Futures closed firm. 15{i'23
points higher. Sales, 213,000 bags, including;
May, 7.8."c to }vl5e: July. S.15©s.4Oe; Septem
ber. 8L40$8.€5c; December, S.iXMM.ooc.
SUGAR — Raw. nominal: fair refining 2%c;
centrifugal. DO test. 8 5-l«5gf.{ ll-32e; molasses
sugar. 29-tQ62Kc; reflnsd. dull; No. C, 4c; No.
7. ;;.05c; No. 8. 3.«0c; No. 9. 3.83c: No 10
3.80c; No. 11. ~.75c; No. 12. 3.70c; No. 13,
'J.cZc; No. 14, 3.£0c; confectioners' A, 4.25c;
mold A, 4.65c; cut loaf, 5c; crushed. 5c; granu
lated, 4.40c; cubts, 4.l*5c.
PETROLEUM— Steady
*&SF?*J CO ? K ' Jan " 26.— FLOUR— Receipts.
Jl.ieo barrels; exports. 5200 barrels; sales.
13.100 packages. Unsettled and generally slow
buyers hoMirg cff.
WHEAT— Receipts. 3000 bushels; exports.
¦ SCO bushels, fc'pot. firm: No. 2 red, 93c eleva
tor, 94c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth
Jl.rO^, f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Manitoba,
nominal, f. o. b. afloat. Options opened steady
and quiet, followed by 3 violent break of lc
en news that the Chicago hull Jeader had let ko
a line of wheat. This. In turn, was followed
by heavy buying in that quarter and n big
jump, the close being rath»r strong at %JSHc
net advance. May. 9013-16682%C closed i)2}ic-
July. S.->^«jxr. 13-ltfc. closed St tc. '
HOPS— Firm.
HIDES — Firm.
WOO1 Firm.
Neii.' York Grain and Produce.
Hops are reported stronrr all over the world,
and this market Is nor behind th« ethers in
this respect. Quotations, both for 19C3 and
1004 crop*, are steadily rising, and buyers are
In the field bidding up for tile new crop at
full figures. It looks as If we were to have
another great year In Hops. The light stocks
are growing lighter every day.
Hide dealers seem to think prices have about
touched bottom for the present, and are quot
ing steadier markets, both here and tn the
East, though quotations are unchanged.
Woo! Is rather quieter at the moment, but
the market Is well cleaned up. and posted deal
ers say there are not more than 1COO bales
now remaining on hand In this market. Previ
ous quotations are given.
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sen
about *^§lc under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, 9c: medium. Sc: ll^ht. 7>ie; cow Hides.
7Hc for heavy and 7VJc for light: Stags. 5c;
Salted Kip, f»c: Salted Veal. lCc: Salted CalT.
lOHc: dry Hides. 15@10c: dry Kin. 13c: dry
Calf. ISc: Sheepskins, shearlings. 25*?30c each:
short Wool. 40f}05o each; medium. 70^"*)c: long
Wool. $1«1 W>: Horse Hides, salt. *2 75 for
large and t-"<t- 50 for medium. $1 UTxfn 75 for
small nnd COc for Colts. Horse Hides, drr.
$1 75 for large and $1 50 for medium. $lfll 25
for small and 5Oo for Colts. Buck Sk)ns-i-Dry
Mexican. 31c- dry salted Mexican. 25c: dry
Central American. 3lc. Goat Skins — Prime An
gor»*. 7?.c: large and smooth. 50c: medium. 35c;
sitihII. 20c.
.TALLOW — No. 1 rendered. 4c per Ib; No.
2. Siic: grease. 2U<83c.
WOOL — Fall clip — San .Toaquln Lambs', SVSJ
lie: Middle County. ll«?i?c: Northern De
fective. !K?10c: Nevada. 13f?i5c: Oregon fine.
1SJ-710-": Oregon medium. 17c per lb.
HOPS— 27fl30c per lb for California, 1903.
and 17®2Cc fcr crort of 1004.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops,
There is no further change In the local
situation. The market Is quiet and supplies
of evprythinr are ample.
Chicago was lower. In that market It Is
now largely a question of scattered speculative
buying, again.it accumulating stocks and sell
ing by packers. • . . -
The Chicago wires of Bolton. De Ruyter A
Co. said: "The close was a shade easier; It
was on the whole, however, a very steady
market. Packers were again rather free sell
ers and are predicting larger receipts of hogs,
and our advices from the same source are that
there is a very perceptible decrease In th«
distributive demand. The outside specula
tors own the property. Stock* are accumu
lating. There 13 a strons bull deal on in
Lard, but the cash proposition, particularly
the discount on loose Lard, hardly seems to
us to Justify the present relative high price.
We advise taking profits, at leaet on long pro
visions."
CURED MEATS — Bacon, lie per lb for
heavy. HV,c for light msdium. 13}Jc for light.
14c for extra ltsht and 18c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 13t£c: California
Hams. 12&®13e: Mess Beef, $11 50 per bbl:
extra Mess, $12^12 50; Family. $13; prime
Me*s Pork. $1C: extra clear, $24: Mess. $13:
Dry Salted Pork ll'ic: Pi« Pork. $28; Pigs"
Feet. ?5 25: Smoked Beef. 15c t>er lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 7c p«r lb for
compound and 9!ic fcr nure: half-barrela. pure.
DHc; 10-lb tins 10c; 5-lb tins. lOHc; 3-lb tins.
10V»C
COTTOLENK— One half barrel. t%e\ three
half barrels. 8%ft; cne tierce. 854c; two tierces.
S ! ,£e; five tierces. 8&c i>er !b.
Provisions.
Contrary to expectations, the Hay market
ha? developed some easiness. Prices are no
lower, but there is less snap and firmness to
the situation.
All Feedstuffs remain very firm, with offer
ings slender and stocks greatly reduced. Corn
products are hlfthcr.
BRAN — $20 ciUta 21 50 per ten.
MIDDLINGS — $27ig2o 50 per ton*
SHORTS — $20 50«i21 50 per ton.-
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $24fT2.")
p«r ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. $28 5On."5O;
Jobbing $31; Cocoanut Cake, $21©22: Corn
Meal. $2S 5O«72!> 50: Cracked Corn. $2ftfj3O:
Mixed Feed, $22@23; Hor3e Beans. $3C@tO per
ton.
HAT — Wheat. $14«17 50: Wheat and Oat.
S14!Sm SO: Oat. 514«1R: Oat. S13Q15:
Barley. $12(S14 50; Stock, nominal — none here;
Alfalfa, $12013 50 per ton.
STRAW— 5O@75c per bale.
Hay and Fcedstuifs.
CHICAGO. Jan. 2C. — CATTLE — Receipts,
•40OO. Steady. Good to crime steers. $4 75@
5 r>0; no<>r to medium, S1&4 CO: stickers and
feeders, %'l 20f{4 10; cows. $2 TiO^l 35; heifers,
$2*4 00: cannfrs. $1 PC§2 50; bulls. $2 25©
4 35: calve*. $3 5C{i« CO.
•HOGS'— -Receipts to-day. 35.000: to-morrow.
.TT>.<X¥). Strcnr. Mixed and butchers'. $1 8CMJ
$5 20: good *o choice heavy. $4 05#3 20; rough
heavy. $4 75*75: litht, $1 ISStfO C5; bulk ot
sales. *4 00ir>5 05.
SHEEP— Receipts. 15.000. She-p and lambs,
steady. Good . to choice wethers. $4 30@4 75;
fair to choteff mixed, $3 75@4 25: Western
shetp, $4Qfi 25; native lambs, $1 SOgtt 25;
Western lambs, $4 50©C 25.
CHICAGO.
Livestock Market.
I Bonds were less active and steadied after
i J'2 m « ' rre f u '«rlty. Total sales, par value
*.i.K50,0oo. united States bonds r were un-
I changed nr call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
..^lT k!i ~ SaIes - H'K 51 - Low. Clo«e
Atchscn. 25.SOO GS% .«% «8U
i Atchison pfd 2.300 91% »o£ 91 1|
[Batimore i Ohio. 22.400 S4 83 £ W<
!l5alt& Ohio pfd... 700 Dl 01 »>H
i Canadian Pacific... 5,«00 IIO14 11M% 11014
Jrh^p^i^o- J0 ° lm ' U1 * l $l
32rF'£t£ t %i:: :.]°° "Ui S! II*
Chi Oreat Western. 1.600 17 i6*»i i«t 4
Chi O W U ptd 301C
< : hca K o & n w... .-too iea les^i ic»
Ch! Term & Trans. 500 lITi u\ ntz
Chi T & T pfd.... 2,000 25«3 23% l\£
C. C. C & 8t I»uis. 300 S0',i 7914 79u
Colorado Southern. 4fi0 1S»5 18 1SU
Colo South 1st pfd. 200 58 ' fts 57 il
Cclo South 2d pfd. :«*> 27H 27 27"4
Rli a T* J il . ld!wn •- 200 IWJ ''« le6 % J««
Del. Ldck t West 272U
Denver k Rio G.. JfH) 22% 22^4 22 a
Den & Rio Ci pfd.. 100 73 V, 731? 7-5
Erie 6,200 28H 2S ' "<>K
Erie 1st pfd 3.400 Gi^ t»4 oi;
Erie 24 pfd 600 49 *.«s2 ' 4«2
Great Northern pfd 170
Hockins Valley - 73
Hocklnc Val pfd '¦.... S4
Illinois Central ; 2,100 134 »4 133% 133*4
luwa Central 20U
Iowa Central i>fd 3914
K C Southern .... 20
K C Southern pfd.. 1.500 37H »«¦>% 37^;
•Louis & Nat»h 3.200 lost; 10714 ioku
Manhattan L 2.500 143 144JA 145
Metropolitan rft Ry 500 122U 122 122V4
Minn & Ft I>juis 64
Missouri Pacific... 12.SMX) 95 03*4 OtS
Mo, Kan & Texas. 200 18^4 ; 17%. 18'A
M, K A T pfd.... * ttOO 41^4 41 41H
Ntl R R Mex pfd.. 30U
New York Central. 1.400 120»4 120 120^
Norfolk & Western 2.400 60*i IO% 60%
Nor & West pfd 86
Ontario & Western. 7.4O0 24 U 23 23 U
Penr.s>l\ania 32.500 122% 120% 122 •/»
P. C. C & St Louis. . ., 64J>i
Reading; 18,300 47 45ft 40%
Reading 1st pfd 100 S0% S0*4 80
Reading 2d pfd Bl
Rock Uland Co... 11,300 25& 21«i 2o»i
A compilation cf the returns of the New
York Cltv tm*t comnanlfs to the State fon
•rriiifr disclose* that the loans of these irtsti
tj;;cTi» on Dowmber :n had def-ir?a.<wd no Ipfs
tuan CIU.S79.433 ccmnared with their loans
on Jun» ;;o Dreccdinr. Th» mystery of the
KUBoa Ptatlcmry cendition of the loan item of
the- New Yrrk Clearing-house oar.jcj, throush
t!if; fix nvnth* period of drastic liquidation In
tfc<> sscuritlp-s market is thus amply explained
Th- '•orarilstinn of conditions of national
rsrks. throughout the country as of January
-J ! ucdi-r thr- call of the Controller Is awaited
with interest to Indicate how far the recent
large exi&ns'cn of Now York bank loans has
beefl due- 1.0 Fhifflng of loans from interior In
ttltsUcna to NVw York. The Sub-Troasury
paid out ll.rO0.000 en account of Japanese
puM ..f-Dcritod at San Francisco. Otherwise
tne cains to the tanks on account of Sub-
Tr.^apury operation* are falling off from the
£»w ,h Ve , r * e X- JT 11 * J ate rU " In the market
un>ler the leadership of Pennsylvania made the
ci'«lnif firm.
Upturns of railroad gross earnings for the
third H-^k in January' now cominr to hand
are of mixed ccmflexicn, but the average ratio
of increase r.ver last year's corre?p:;ndin>?
T-'-ri'vl is falrlv maintainini. T?ie Atchiscn
Hatfmem fr-r !>cfnib«r showint a decrease In
net earnings of TJ4.000. th« incrpas'd cperating
expenses banog v.ired out &* pain in grofs
earnings, cau«fd an unfavorable impression.
altrKujr'n rl no effect nn the Atchison stock It
self. Th» decrees? In n«-t earnings of 10»>
roads renortine for November, which Is the
first avcrare decrease rhown durinr the calen
dar year, is accounted for by declines in coal
ers and trunk Iin? earrings', the former owing
to <-ornrari».^i with the favorable ooriod fol
lowing the strike settlement last year, while
the South irestern group, of which the Atch'.son
It r*nr*-st-ntative. increased the net return
tor November some 5.SS per c*nt. The Finan
cial Chronicle also notes a procresslve decline
in the ratio of increaa- ot rrosn eairnlnps over
!«i*t v^sir which was in July 18.23 per c*>nt
Avfran 14.00 t>er cent. September 12 31 per
«-«»t, iictobor 8 SO Der cent and for November
4.10 pr Ant. Weekly gross earnings frr De
<f.r.b»r aJM January- thus far rt-oorted indi
cate sjme lmrroverr.rnt a^ain in the ratio of
inrrea** over last year.
NEW YORK. Jar. 20.— To-day's stock mar
ket had to absorb a considerable volume of
pr< fit-taking ajrain, rspociallj- during the early
part of the day. This it did to very srreat
rftcct. but there was no easrerness ehown to
follow the anvancp, and the market relapsed
into the du!!r«3 which was its characteristic
!>revious to the uuward movement. The mar
¦/.'• r . . .- -.. i to b e iraitinc fcr a fresh move by
the speculative party which a;sumed leader
ship of the rise, as the outside public remains
conspicuous by its absence. War news played
a part in th» restriction of the day's businefs.
but tho salts fr.r long account from that causo
I wrc in moderate volume.
New York Stock Market.
m
NEW rOBK. Jan. 2ti. — Prime mercantile
par>*T, 4 3 i '«/3 1 i i<*r cent. Pterilnp exchange
I was ¦ wr-ak, with actual businfs? in banUers'
bil.s at .$» St.«5.**64 85.70 f.-r demand and at
$4 KLlO&t s.5.15 tor 6ixty days. Posted rates.
Si icUjfjt H4 »r.d $4 >»'^i&i S7. Commercial
I WIIf. $4 JCi 1 *. I>ar silver. r>.",*jc. Mfxtcan
i dc.l'.ans. 4^'ic.' B^nds — G>»vcrnmeiiT«, steady;
j railroad*. ?iea<iy. ... ¦ .
Nczo York Money Market.
FLOUR — California Family Extras. *4 6Ca>
4 85. ueual terms; Bakers' Extras. $4 30fi4 t>0;
Oregon and Washington. $.V00@l'20'pe> bbl for
Family and $3 00(84 40 for Bakers".
MILLSTUFFS^ — Prices in packages are as
follows: Graham Flour. $3 25 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour. *a 25; Rye M«»al. S3; nice Flour.
$7: Corn Meal. $¦'< 25: extra crfam do. $4; Oat
Groats. $4 50; Hominy, tifil 25: 'Buckwheat
Flour. S4 5064 75; Cracked "Vh-at, $.1 75; Fa
rina. *4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. *3 50: Rolled
Oats. bbls. $7 25igS (50; in sacks, $i) 7^8 10;
Pearl Barley, $»J; Split Peas, boxes, $7; Green
Peas, $5 50 per 100 lbs. . , , : .
The demand for Flour is fair on- local ac
count, but the export Inquiry is light. Mill
stuffs are not very active, but are firmly held.
lareely on account of the dry weather.
Flour and Millstuffs.
EASTERX MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Whe.at — March. May.
Opening 63V4 6 2^
Closing 6 31 i 6 =**
PARIS.
Wheat— Jan. May- Aug.
Opening ?. . 20 00 21 20 ,
Clowns 20 00 21 20
Fl-mr —
Opening 2S 05 28 60
Closing 28 S5 28 55
CHICAGO. Jan. ' 2ft.-r-On - the Produce Ex
change "to-day the butter market was firmer.
Creamer ips. iiSISIIjc: dairies. 13ffl0c. Eggs,
firm at mark, cases included, 30@31c. Cheese,
steady. ICftlOVic.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
RED ANT> WHITE LEAD— Red Lead: «H*9
"c per lb; White Lead. t v i%~c. accordlns to
quantity.
QUICKSILVER— WMU for local ns* and
*i2 50e4.1 50 per flask for expert.
SALT — Is nominal owing to the war among
handlers. The buyer can about nam* his own
price.
SUGAR — Tha Western Su»»r Refining Com
pany quote* as follows, p-r lb, In 100-lb bars:
Cube*. A Crushed and Fine Crashed. 5.R.V;
Powdered. 5..*>0c: Candy Granulated. 5.50c: Pry
Granulated, fine. 5.40c: Dry Granulated, coarse.
5.40c: Fruit Granulated. 3.40c: Beet Granu
lated nCO-lh bars only). 5.20«v Confectioners"
A. R.40c: Marnolln A. Be: Extra C. 4.<>0c:
Golden C. 4.8Op; "D." 4.7»«: barrels. 10c m"re;
half barrels. 23c more- boxes. 30c more: :u>-P»
bars. 10p more for all kfnda. Tah'ets — Half
barrels. 5. !>0c: . boxes. 6.15c: II. & E. Crystal
.Domlnos. 9.40c rer tb. No orders taken for
les* th*n seTenty-flve h^rrels or Its equivalent.
LUMBER— Pine, ordinary «<jm. *1»SH»- ex
tra »lr.en higher: Redww*. SlW^ri: L»th. 4
feet $3 WWM: Pickets. StIWJ»5S: Sfc!ne!*». *2 fnr
No. 1 and $1 50 fcr No. 2: Sn*»k»». SIS for split
and *14 for sawn: Rustic. $2.13-11.
J CORDAGE— The local company ¦ qootea ,' as
I follows. CO days cr hi per cent discount for
! cash, no sale3 under 10.000 lba; Manila. 14^4c:
• Sisal 10%c; Duplex. 9\c; Bale Rope. 10U©
i 10^c per lb.
COFFEE! — Costa Rica. WVi'SlSc nommal.{or
'Strictly prime to fancy washed; lS'j'Qiac for
i prime wathed; Il\j812^c for good washed:
lO^ifilS^c tor gxid to prime washed pea berry;
OglO'jc for «ood to prime peaberry; ft^^llo
i for god to prime: 8<g9c for fair; 54^7VaCfor
I common to ordinary.
Salvador — 12>**n : >c nominal for strictly
1 prime washed: Ii>(jl2c for good to prim«
washed; JS^igD^ie for fair washed: DH-Ollc for
i fair to prime washed peaberry: 9 Vi l g9»^c for
i good to prime semi- washed: 9c for superior
; unwashed; S»-o'SS*ic for good green unwashed;
i JHtO^c for pood to superior unwashed pea
¦ berry; SK^.'^r tor Inferior to ordinary.
Nicaragua — 12^613*40 nominal for prim* to
' fancy washed; S^BW-c nominal for fair tn
\ strictly good washed: SHS^^c for good to su-
I perior unwashed; D<39i?c for good to prims
' unwashed peaberry.
I Guatemala and Mexican — 14 H H 15c for fancy
! washed; 12^iei4Hc for prime to itrictly prime
• washed: ll§ll^c for strictly good washed:
¦ lO'i^l&^ic for good washed: 8^>*S»>'c for -fair
, warned: **€ sl ic 'or medium: 5*i^"ijc for.in
: ferior to ordinary; lOiSllHc Tor fair tOi prtma
• washed peab^rry; 9«9'^c for good to pTlmo
: unwashed peaherry: S469c nominal for gwvi
; to superior unwashed; 6OS l ic for a9h-dama;e>i
! LEATHER — Sole, heavy. 20tfj.12c; extr*
i heavy S0tfi40c jxt Ib: medium. 27f23c: light.
: 2i'd26c; Rough Leather. 2692^: Harn»»s
: Leather, heavy 33§CI>c- fnr No. 1 and 233.15rs
: for N(* 2- medium. ¦lO'SSTc: light. 23®."?5c:
j Skirting. No. 1. 40>fM2c: Xo. 2. 3ft9Wc: Col
' lar Leather, lSiriec p«r fo*»t: Trace Leather. 4O
I ©He: Kip. nnflnlshed. 4«>85Oc per lb: V«I.
: finished. WVgttfta per lb: Cajf. finished. 65C9SI
• per lb; Wax siden. lfiai"c per foot: Belt Knir»
'Splits 14Olfc; Rough Snlits. Ju?10c per Ib.
TA NBA RK— Ground. $2C^2S per ton; stick.
' $l."VeiS per cord. • '
OILS — Quotations ar« for barreln; for case*.
i add 5c; Linseed. 49c per gallon for boiled and
1 47c for raw; Cantor OIK In rases. No. 1. 70^:
I Bakeri' AA, *1 1O«1 12: Ltrcol. 44c for txtlle.!
i and 42c for raw; China Nut. CCtJ70c per gallon;
i Cocoannt Oil. In barrels. CSc for Ceylon and 5.V:
! fcr Anstralian; extra b!e«rh»d winter Sperm
j Oil. 60c: natura! winter Sperm OH. 75c; extra
bleached winter Whale Oil. 63<*: natural Wh«l»
OH. 6Ce: extra winter strained Lard Oil, R.V;
No. 1 Lard Oil. 75c: pure Neatsfoot Oil. 7V:
: No. 1 Neatsfoot OU. f7>c: light Hwrtn* Oil. 4Sc:
I dark H»mn(t OH. 4*5c; Salmon Oil. XAe: botlM
! Fish Oil. 40c: raw Fi«h OU. 3Sc: bolted Paint
! Oil. 35<*; raw Paint Oil. 3.">
COAL OIL — Water White Coal Oil
1 In bulk. 15c: Pearl Oil In rases. 21 He: Astral.
i 21'ic; Star. 21U": Extra Star. 25<^c; Elaine.
1 27t»c: Eocene. 24^e ; D«vlo^ze<t Stove Gas(>
¦ line, fn bulk. 17c: In c«se«. 23iic; Benzine, in
i hulk. 13c: In cases. 19'»c; S6-deyree GasoMn*.
( In bulk. 23<: In case«. 31c. ¦ »
I TURPENTINE — SSc per eallon. In casea and
• S2c In drums and Iron barrels.
PACIFIC CODFISH— Bundles, per lb. 4c:
cases, regular. 4"«ic: cases, extra large. i5c;
Eastern style. $«: boneless. 5V«c: "Norway,"
5Uc: •'Narrow Gauge." 5-"iic; "Silver Klnw."
7c: blocks. ••Oriental." 55jc; blocks. "&•*
bright." «c: tablets. ,«'ic; middles, ttH'87%0;
fancy bo«ele3». SVi'gS'Vic; pickled Cod, tils.
57 75; pickled Cod. half bb!3. $4 50. 5
-BAGS — Grain Bags 5iig3t; c; gao <J u «ntfn.
5.53c;' Wool Bags. 32835c; Fleece Twine. ~v.^
Sc. r
.CANNED . FP.UIT^5^-The CallfornU Fruit
Canners' Associatlcn quotes tho follawifig pric»
list:
rnuiTS. - i I" I
• 5 I : i
Apples 1*1 i3'$l 3O$l 2Oi»l 1O
Apricots 1 I 1 33; 1 25; .,..
Blackberries 1 60| 1 40| 1 30| I 2«>
Cherries. R. A 2 15| 1 $»v 1 70', 1 4O
Cherries, white I 173) 1 60! i'35
Cherries, black 2 00) 1 75» I «0' 1 <io
, Grapes 1 33i 1 20| 1 101 I CO
Yellow Free Peaches i 1 4O| I
; Lemon Cling Peaches... 1 SOl 1 «•)• 1 30; 1 2O
! Pears 2 OOl 1 73! 1
Plums 1 Ui 1 15 1 05; i!)5
Raspberries 2 50J 2 23, 2 10! 1 W>
Strawberries 2 00! 1 75! 1 B0 ! l.-H>
CANNED VEGETABLES— Tomatoes. 2l-»-lb
'standard. JC^ittsic: Green Peas — Baby petit*
i pois St 50; petlts pola. »l 35; standards. 85c;
1*1 13; standard. sifted. $1: standards. 8*c:
I marrowfats. 82Vic: gallon. alJted. it 25; gal
' Ion. standard. $.; 75.
COAL— Wellington. J8 per ton; New Wel
! llr.gton. $8; Seattle. $6 SO; Bryant, $8 50; Bea
, ver Hl'.l $»: Standard. *7: Roslyn. $7;
i Coos Bay. >5 50; Greta, *7; Wallsend, *7: Rlch
| mond. $1 SO; Cumberland. $1;: in bulk and
1 $14 25 In sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Css.
( $14; Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13; Welsh Lump.
j Sll 50- Cannel *S M per ton; Coke. $11 Sfrg*
I 13 per ton In bulk and *15 in sacks; Rocky
I Mountain descriptions, fll 45 per 2000 lbs and
! $12 80 per long ton. according to brand.
Commission merchants and brokers continue
to report everything under this head, from
Fruits down to Honey, very dull at quota
tions which have ruled without much varia
tion for many weeks. The Eastern markets
are also very quiet and featureless. - •
FRUIT — Arriccts. 7V4fi!)*;c for Royals and i>
•«»llc for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples, 4$
"5Hc; Bun-drUd. 3ft4c: Peacnes, iijtlHc; Pears.
e©10c: Nectarines, 4S3M.C: Figs, white, 4g4-'V 4 c
in boxes; W;:c-k. 4Vic; I'lums, pitted, CJgOc per
pound
PRUNES— IOCS crop, 2HS2%c for the four
¦alaca.
RAISINE— F. o. b. prices. Fresno, for 1903
crop: t'O-lb boxes — Loose Muscatels, 2-crown,
5'.»c pr lb: 3-crown, S'Hc; 4-crown. CAc; Seed
less Muscatels, 4^4c; do, floated. 4^ic; un
bleachfd Sultanas. 4ijc; Thompson's Seedless,
5'ic. London Layer? — 2-crown. $1 25; 3-crown,
$1 35; 4-crown riusters. $2; 5-crown Dehesas.
$- 50: fi-crown Imperials. $3: Malaga Loose. 2
- crown. r>c per Ib; do 3-crown. 3**c; Valencia
Cured. 4«,ic; Pacific, do, 3»ic; Oriental, do,
-2»4c. Seeded R?!sins— lfi-oz packages, fancy,
: fce per lb: choice. 7Tic; 12-oz packages, fancy,
(irtc; choice. *\%c: in bulk fancy, T%c; choice,
7%c.
NUTS — Walnuts. No. 1 softshell, 13ii©14c:
No. 2. H>4fTl2c; No. 1 hardshell. 13©13Hc;
N«. 2. llfiil«ic: Almords. lie for Nonpareils;
10^c for I X I*. lOtJc for Ne Plus Ultra and
'{"^ic for I-flnjruedoc: Peanuts. 0@7c for Eastern.
Pecans. 11 S 13c: Cocoanuts. $4 &Cig5; Chest
nuts C0?c i*r lb.
HONEY— Comb, 10€lUic for white and smt
¦ 9Vjc for amber; water white extracted, 5^
'BUc: light amber" extracted. 4^'g4*ic; dark.
3Vr<ff4e.
BEESWAX— 27©20c per Ib.
Dried Fntits,Xuts, Raisins, Honey
Articles — - . Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels :»•]"*> 0i5'H22
Wheat, bushels -. 0 i»0.30O
Corn bushels...... ,4.10^00 . 841 ,B00
Oatt bashels 317.>0o v^MQ
Rve, bushels .........' T.fcfi - 7.RC0
Barley bt-shels. .:. ¦ 85.SW . 32.8C0
Eureka. 3ft. 30 68 24 NW Clear .00
Farallon •"$<>. 22 S7 50 N Clear .00
Fresno 30.22 CO 54 N Clear .00
Flagstaff 30.12 44 2 W Clear .00
Pooatello 30.40.28 2 SE Pt.Cldy .00
Independence .::0.1S« S.S 2S PE Clear .00
Los Ange!ce..:tO.10 72 42 W Clear .(X)
Ut Tamalra'-s.30.24 52 42 N Clear .00
Ncrtrr Head.. ..'50. 52 44 40 NW Cloudy .10
Phoenix MO.Oti 02 32 SW Clear .00
Point lieyes.. .30.18 61 4S N Clear M0
Portland .10.52 42 32 NW Cloudy • Tr.
Red Fluff 30.24 *« SH N Clear .00
Uosvburj ::0.52 36 2S BW Cloudy .00
Sacramento . .30.22 5S 38 NE Clear .00
Salt Lake :<0.42 26 8 S Cloudy .00
t-an Francltco.i!>.2« 5« 46 SW Cloudy .00
<an L. Obispo.no. 12 70 4Oat N Clear .00
Fan Diego 30.1*4 C8 SO N Clear .00
Seattle :;o.r.K 44 2S NW Cloudy .07
Spokane 30.50 3S 18 S Pt.Cldy .00
Tatoosh 30.52 4« 40 E Cloudy .20
\Valln Walla.. 30. 4S 46 30 S Clear .00
¦\Vir.raemueca ..'tit.44 38 6 PW Clear .VO
Vuma ..3IK12 C2 42 X Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Cliurty weather prevails over the northern
half of" the Pacific s!oi>e erd fair over the
southern. Ltfrht rain has fallen alcng the
Washir.gton Ci>ast.
The pressure has fallen slightly over the
plateau regirn ar.d remained nearly stationary
In other districts.
There ha? teen a slight rise in temperature
ever the entire coast during the past twenty
lour hours.
Forecast ir.ade at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending mi.iniRht, January 27:
Northern <*alifcmia — Fair Wednesday; light
northerly wind.
Bcuthero <"alifornia — Fair Wednesday; Ugrht
northerly wind.
Nevada— Fair Wednesday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Wednes
day; light northerly wind.
G. H. WILLPON.
Lccal Forecaster. Temporarily in Charge.
Tt.f- following retail prices fcr meats are
<;-jot"(l by the Retail Butchers' Protective As
ewiation:
BEtF — Prime Koast. . 15gl&c: Porterhouse
S:»s.V. lKg22' s o: Tenderloin Steak. 15318";
S-irloi-i Htoak 12%i@ir>c: Top Round St^ak.
,12%c: Beef Blew, luc; Corn Beef. £:§10c; Soup
BoncK 4c: t-^up Meat. &@10c
VE.*L — Lvin Roa^. 15^2Hc; Shoulder Roast.
12 ! -«i;.V; Chops and Cutlets, 15S20c; Stew,
32 « .<iI5c.
MUTTON — Leg. lZ^-iilTic: Forecjuarter. SJ?
J'-"; Etew. S-glu. ¦. Priraf Chors. 12%«ilPc.
'. LAMB — L«?gr. 'X*--: Kor< quarter, 12 l i©15c;
. Hindquarter. lVa2i>c; Shou;>l«r Roas;, 10§
12%o; Chops 15&1KC.
PORK— Roast. 12'-:©l«c: Chops. 151jlSe.
Th«-se pric*-s do not cover the cheaper grades,
"as It is impossible to «juote regular prices on
them.
The Japanese JVar Supplies.
Every few days a new rejxrt springs up m
fATdir.f; the Jananese parcfa&aea of war cup
j !ies in the Ucit^d Stater, in epite of con
• tir.ufC? «.'• ;-.:tl.-. Where there ls= s> n:uoh smoke
ih.r» r.iust b( seme lir^. A disratch fr.-<m
ti*w York to a local brokers^e firm yesterday
«a!ci: "(L.tkun.ooO' baa t*en :*id out here by
th« l<"K-al Sub-TreasuiT to banks on a trans
fer TdT frrm San Francisco on Japanese ac
«"ur.t for surDlit?-" Such a transaction as
• This, wl.ere an actual ca^h transfer through
xhe United Etatf* Fub-Tn afurv and banks is
r*.:^iJ'. Is rather strong t-viiience that such
e jrrll** »re hting rurchas^-d. It will be r°
r-.ernh*rfJ that The Call ytstprday crtnted a
<!S«Vat«.-h from New York saying that these
T)iirchaj«»s in the United ttatf-s liave thus far
uroumed to $20.«*^>,l«t«.
- The Weather and Crops.
The weekly report of A. G. McAdie. section
cirtct'jr ot th« d;n;ate and crap etr\ - ice of the
Wtather Bur*ati. is as fcllowa:
GENERAL SUM MAKY.
Cold wrathtr prevailed throughout the State
during the w«-ck aad severe frosts were ire
<JUf-tt in all d:stncts. Light ra*n fell in nearly
al! t-cctlor:* on the i;»th. acocnu^.r.ied by about
cix inches of snow in the mountain districts,
c The rf-c*>nt rains in South.-m Oa5:forn:a have
b^-S toa light to mat^rialjy improve conditions
fXffpr |a a frw lotatUttea, and us tie priclpita
tior. fer the t«- a fu>n i- row lolly five iri'-h*? be
low ¦<>'• aormal there is a ?tmn? jjfobabilitv
that farmer! snd or.barui^ts will han'«i vrrj
licht arapK^tin f-carcitV of it<i ard the rold
M>«t1i»r «r^ <-ausiri»r Krrat fcurfering to stock
fanJ many catt.- ktm Ujizig. la the southern
t-«n Joaqum Valley cca<lition!> are somewhat
.better, but mere rain is needed poon to Insure
crc;s. In the c. ntral and northern s-rctionji the
rainfall iua- beta an;j.l<» tor the presest and
>•(• f-ljs iir*- good *Vr &v«.rage crops; early
««n pram is In i,ood condition, though making
b.ow srovth. and gre*n reed is ab-jnUant. IHow^
ir.c fci.d fidivig urtf p— yr-Mlnc an I in some
. »«••;¦ r.e the work is irfany completed. Warm
¦clear areatfeer mdd be ben-ti-.ial t-i grain and
crwfF. Cattle an.- in fair condition and im-
ITOvtr.g.
A:;i»^u;;h m:r.;murr. tf-mr'erafjrps of Zo A*
tn«> an re ported in the fallen and in pouth
*rn California, there are no reports of injury
to oraasea or deciduous fruit ort-KardF. I'run*
in^ is in prepress in orehanj- and vineyards
• rid tree errfcyii:* has commenced in some
rimer m.
SACRAMENTO VALLEY.
Cool weath-r pccrallM mci-t of the week and
D£ft»? fr.^tt were :n;u»r,t. Lirht rain fell in
the, vfeJlfys fend »V..ut s-ix inches of snow fell
in the mount.-: ir.s on th» Huh. The frosts have
caused r.o ir.atenal dsntage, but th* cold
•noatber retarded the KTOWtb at Brain and
Cnna- -' Early poiin prain cnnticues in coo-i
m tx>Bditir.n i spd w-k irr.jrov^d by th^ li*ht , ai n
and *!»:!:tly warmer v,-«^ther at Che cice of
trie »wk. The FO 1I i« jn C rod cor.ditinn •and
o vcrk is pncRHtoc m fiwia and orchard"
Umo tctd is ErovlQS Ook\y. but :« plentiful
in mc*t i>isces. and rtf.t it are doi.-jr we'.l
orrb^ras «n4 visfytrjf are in good condition
*nd j,run:nfr is ir. pwneea.
COAST AND BAY BECTTOXS.
Cool, frosty »eatl:er continued durinic the
Tk" iV. J' Uht I* iR feIi in near! >' alt actions ca
th» I3tn. v:th new in the mountain district*
yb* cotd veatber is said to b« damaging early
town vrcm in some of the northern districts
rut r.o damage has bec-n retried in oth-r see
tl<a». and crop prosper:* have b^en greatly
• improved by the recent reir.5. especiatly In the
*outh€-m district*. Wircifr wtmXbtr would i;»
hrf&eficisl t-j pram and ktsss. llarly pra!n
ii in fair comlltlon in most r^aet« "but i*s
«rowth is very tlow. cir*en fe*d is Vrf-coining
more prectlfnl. *:;d »u,-« art- iaiprovlnr o-.
chard work cor.t!r.u«s End tree eprayi-*:' h-is
curcrr.enccd :n scrne plaft^s.
* FAN JOA^I i:; VALLCT.
Cloirir we*th»-r artth lieht rair. the fr,re cart
ot the *«-k was ben«?fi<-lai to early sow n crain
*nU gT.-sss. tii: not Fuffioir- r ,t :o*-s-n«.rEl l,1otc-
Jr.s. O'ear and cold wealh. r. 'vrith frequent
¦ [rats, j -re vailed durtnj the rr.Sddle ana Utter
I^rtlorm of the wet-k. riowin? and Bfrdin-^
"continue ia »»oir.e dittricts. Pruning and c!*>an
in« orchards and vineyards we rrogres^ing
>urrrr,eT-raiiow prain in the northern portion
u'. tb* valley is looking well. Grain and arsaa
"5 1 tnaktnir flow growth on ar-c<runt of the
o<-i)d weather. Feed i* \ery scarce in the ten-
# tral 'mna «outhern uortlona of the valley and
nock are Fufltrinp.
SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA.
Tbf rain at the close or Ian ueck and the
tW.Kr.'jig ol the prcKtnt week v.-as too light
¦to materially improve the condition of the soil
or r>s.v..uratre and was followe-d by colder
»eath.jr and severe frosts. The ol>n«;rver at
Poway reports a minimum temperature of %
drcr^efr on the 21st, the lowest of the season
Kiilin^ frosts have occurred In" nearly all sec
tion*, but no Carnage has been reported except
In marrtirr growth of g--«« and early sown
rrsin. 'fhf rainfall for the s»ason is fully
6t* !n<-h*-s the normal. Farm work is
backward, foed ts ecarce asd cattle are suffer
-:.» sfvercly.
Ei.-REKA SUMMARY.
Gold weather retarded the prow'th of grass
• nd grain aod was herd on ttock. Enow in
th«- rnountalr.s ;t Jrcra two to 3ve feet deep
Ir.surir.R plenty of water for minlcj? operations,
farmers ar« Ta^-lly piowin and seeding while
weather permits.
LOS ANGELES SUMMAET. .
Special retorts < f in ft week's rain ehow but
IftUe >eneftt r-xoei t in clearing the air; not
enouRb ti ttcrt r.ew fr*d or sprout tfrain.
. 7 weather followed; no damage re
'ureo? W£r -C f s. but celery eotacwhat ln-
W cat her Report.
( y^' rnT^~ VfkrAiic Time.)
a,L.<~. „ Last This Last
F^.k^ 24 h "" Jrs - ¦«*«». eeascrt.
ned Bluff o/i» mm %'%£*
Hacran-.«ito O '.t» s^J 7^1
Fan Fraccisco o .«> 710 -'^
l?an Luis Oblspo o.W, 1 r"JS !
Lcs Adctttea 0.00 if- ;'•?,« I
Pan V>i* S o 0 <K ) 0 t \ Jj;^ I
; THC COAST RECORD] I
STATION. I "I %\ 2? |^' ¦ %
rZr!? n S'** . •* 12. • KW CJoody iiTr
CarsuU 30.12 42 12 NE Pt Cldr 00
Retail Meat Prices.
General Merchandise.
LAMRri — 5®5%cperjl>.
HOGS— Live Hogs. 140 to 1*0 Its. 5i;iJ3%c:
over 1*0 lbs, 5c: soft Hogs. 4%e; Sows. 20 per
cent oft; Hoars. 50 per c*nt off; and^Stags. \o
per cent oft from abova quotations.'
SHEEP— Wethers. 4%35c; Cvei 4U34V»c
per Ib (gross weight).
Despite the wanner weather trade in Citrus
fruits continued quiet, with all dealers oper
attng cautiously and most retailers were taking
no more tnan absolutely necessary for Imme
diate .requirements. Large, size* of Navel
Oranges only were wanted, and such stock was
held rather '-firmly, while there was a marked
pressure to sell small and medium sized fruit,
and several dealers were cutting prices, but
to no nvail. The Puget Sound steamer took
out some small shipments, purchased at the
auction on the preceding day. Six car* are an-.
nounced tor to-day's auction.
Conditions and; prices, in- the Apple market
showed no change from the preceding report.
Poor stock is well cleaned up and medium
priced fruit is selling off well. Strictly fancy
stock, such as Newtown Pippins in 3% -tier
boxes, is scarce ami readily commands full
figures. Bananas are abundant and moving
slowly at unchanged rates.
APPLES — SI C5@l 75- per box for extra
fancy. $1 25©1 50 for ordinary fancy, 75c@$l
for choice and'40iQ65c for common.
PEARS — Winter Nellis from cold storage.
$1 75"Q2 per box.
CITRUS FRUITS — Navel Oranges, $1 50«g2
per bos for fancy, $1 25® 1 75 for choice and
50c@$l for standards; Seedlings. 50cR$l;
Tangerines, 50c'a$l per box; Lemons. $1 75
@2 50 for fancy. $1 25gl 50 for choice and
75c©$l for standard: Grape Fruit. $1^2; Mex
ican Limes. $lTil DO; Bananas. 75c$$l 75 per
bunch for Hawaiian and ?•''/"_' 50 for Central
American; Pineapples. $1 uO>Q'Z 50 per dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
RYE— $1 25<3$1 30 per ctl. Aside from the
demand tor Portland and Seattle, already men
tioned, there Is nothing new.
BUCKWHEAT— $1 75®2 per ctl.
Exchange and Bullion.
Silver advanced %c. Exchange remained
as before. ¦
Sterling Exchange sixty days — $4 84
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 S8%
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 87%
New York Exchange, sight .... — 12%
New York- Exchange,, telegraphic. -' — 15
Silver, per ounce* „, — 65%
Mexican Dollars, nominal- -45 0 46
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— The last spot charter
1 was that of a handy-sized French bark at 13s
3d. usual European options. The chartered
Wheat fleet in port has a registered tonnage of
3430. against 14,570 tons on the same date last
year; disengaged. 65,000 tons, against 83.150:
on the way to this port. 179,330 tons against
1S9.600. , "
WHEATS— Foreign futures were generally
: easier.
Chicago quotations were very unsettled ow
ing to the Armour manipulations. The mar
ket declined from dd%c to 87%c and recovered
: to 90%c. Armour supported the market by
buying May. War news from New York start
ed all shorts covering in all the grain pits, it
being reported that Lloyd's war insurance pre
miums had advanced and that Paris. was sell
ing Japanese securities. i
- There was no change In this market beyond j
a decline in futures. The cash grain continued ,'
in very fair movement for milling and feeding /
account, with the shippers doing practically
nothing. .
. . CASH WHEAT. -
"California Club $1 .T8%?n 42%; California
White Australian.. $1 45®1 50; Northern Club.
$1 3S%@1 4lVi: Northern Bluestem, $1 47%@
1 50; Oregon. Valley,- $1.40 -
•..•'¦•.,.;: , .".: V.FtnruRES.
v . - "Session 9 to 11:30 «. m*
•":.¦'' Open. High. ./Low. Close.
May :: :::.:. 11 37%,. *1 31% *1 37% $1 37%
' '•'' . ; •'•" < 2 . p. m. ' Session.
• May— $1.3S;:- .¦;,' ' \
- BARLEY— The weather . continue* to have!
little or no effect on the market and quotations
do not vary-much from day to day. The de
mand, for the, cash grain Is still light. There
Is a report on' 'Change! that a . movement is on
'foot to buy in all the Barley recently delivered
on December contracts and which Is now )
stored Tn ICO-ton lota in warehouse. Otherwise ;
there is .nothing new. . * ¦ '
CASH BARLEY.
Feed. $1 07%«l 11%; Shipping and Brew
j ing. $1 1561 17%; Chevalier. $1 17%©1 40 for
i fair to choice. ¦'-.•.
. FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
May— $1 08.
2 p. m. Session. • {
Open. High. Low. Close. I
May $107% $108 , $107% $108 |
- OATS — The market continues sufficiently
supplied and unchanged, with the usual local
demand and prices steady.
I White. $1 l'0@l 35; Black. $1 25<gl 55: Red,
$1 20@l 32% for feed and $1 25@1 35 for seed;
Grays. $1 32 % per ctl.
CORN — Thfe trade report a very firm market
i at the recently advanced -rices. Not many
samples are being shown on 'Change at the ¦
moment. Feeding to stock in the southern :
countlea still continues.
Western sacked $1 'J7%@1 30 for Yellow. !
• $1 27%@1 30 for White and $1 25 for .'
J Mixed; California large Yellow. $1 33; small j
j round do. ?1 40cfti 50; White $1 35 per ctl;
I Egyptian. $1 45&1 55 for white and $1 25 for |
brown. ,
IVall-strcct Stocks firm on the day.
Local Securities continue quiet.
Siher higher again. Xo change in Exchange rates.
Wheat quiet, zvith futures lower a*:d freights cheap.
'Barley, Oats, Corn and Rye unchanged.
Flour not very active. Millstuifs firmly held.
Hay rather easier. Fccdstuffs firm, with Corn products higher.
Beans still firmly held, but inactive.
Potatoes active and firm. Onions steady.
Poultry in moderate receipt and steady. Game plentiful and lower.
Fresh and Citrus Fruits quiet and unchanged.
Butter firm. Cheese weak and Eggs selling off zcell.
Dritd Fruits, Raisins and Nuts inactive.
Xo change in Provisions here or elsewhere.
Wool zccll cleaned up. Hops strong. Hides steadier.
Mutton very firm and in light supply. Lambs scarce.
Beef steady. Hogs firm at previous prices.
Salt unsettled, zeeak and nominal.
. Although spot stocks of Butter are slender
and the local demand is good, the trade are
regarding the current high prices wtth ap
prehension owing" to the condition of the East
ern markets. They report that stocks of stor
age Butter in the East are very heavy and
thct 23 large concerns alone hold 33.000.COO lbs.
against 25.U00.CUU at thU time last year, an
increase of 50 per cent, and that thos? Eastern
holder: are watching their opportunity to send
large lines of that Butter into tats market.
Any further advance, they say, would cause
¦this result, and the consequence would be that
the market would be worse off than it was
before the current rise.
Cheese shows no further change one way or
the other. The market is still choked with
stock and the demand Is very slack.
, ' The Kstk market la now in flrst-clasa shape.
Receipts 3re free, but a good local and ship
ping demand is taking them readily, and,
i while fine ranch are not moving very briskly.
: the medium and lower grades are wanted and
; are kejt cleaned up. «.
Receipts were 37,500 Ihs Butter. cases
i Kesrs and fc'CtO Ib3 Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery, 29@31c for extras and
20@2»c for seconds; dairy. 18<ff22e; store But
ter, nominal; cold storage, l$t?22c per 1b for
ordinary and 23<326c for extras.
CHEESE— 10© 11 %c for good to choice new
and 7%Q9%c for lower grades; Young Amer
icar. Ilgl2c; Eastern, 15316c; Western, 14®
15c per 1b.
EGGS — Ranch 1 . 22%ig25c for choice to fancy
and 22c for small and mixed colors; store.
22@24c; cold storage. lS®19c.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
LOCAL MARKETS.
NEW YORK. Jan. 26.— Th* cotton markft
closed steady, net 4 to 16 points lower.
Nciv York Cotton Market.
Adams Con 10'l.lttle Chief 06
Alice 271 Ontario 6(0
TJreooe 10 ; Ophir 150
Bruns Con 05; Phoenix i:j
rom Tunnel .... OS 1 Polos! *>%
Con Cal & Va... 1 7<>]Savage '.'.'. m
Horn Silver 1 05 Sierra Nev 75
Iron Silver 1 23] Small Horcs 20
Leadville Con ... 02'Stan-lard i l (jo
L S ref 2s. reg.lC5%L & N unified 4s. 09
Do ccupon 105% 'Man con gold 4s.lU3%
Do 3s. reg lo»» iMex Cent 4s 10>,j
Do coupon 107 t Do 1st lnc 15%
Do new 4s. reg.l32 J t:Minn & St L 4s. »8
Do coupon 133V4JM. K & Tex 4s. 07%
Do old 4s. reg.lO7Ul Do 2ds SI
Do coupon 107k 1KB of ilex con4s. 7(i%
P<> 5s. reg 101 UN Y C gen 3%s.. 9S^i
Do coupon 101 UN J c gen 5s... 131%
Atch gen 4s M)T,iNor Pac 4s 103*4
Do adj 4a S9>-i Do 3s ~:{ '
Atlantic C Lne 4b 04 LNor & W con 4s. 97 %
Eal & Ohio 4j»...1C1%OSL 4s & partic. 95%
Do 3%s 95 Pa conv 3%s 96
Central of Ga O6.105\| Reading gen 4s.. 9«%
Do 1st inc 71%!S L & I M con 5s.ll2%
Chrs & Ohio 4%s.lO:t%!s L & S F fg 4s. 63%
Chi & Alton 3%s. 77 St Louis S-'W lsts. 91 '
C. B & Q new 4s. 9:t% 'Seaboard A L 4« «7' .
C.M & StPgn 4-i.lCS .So PaciHc 4s $9
C * NW con 7a.'.l.tl^|8o Railway ">s. . .ll:i%
C R I & rac 4s. 72% Tex & Pac lsts.115%
Do col 5s S2%jT. St L & W 4s. 72
C.O.C & SL gn4s. 97 ; Union Pac 4s...I0.t
Chi Term 4s Sl%: Do conv 4s.... 07%
I'ons Tobacco 4s. «0% U S Steel 2d 5s. 7i%
Colo & So 4p SOl; \Vaba«h UtM tlSfi
Den & Rio G 4s. 98 Do deb B : «7%
Erie prior Uen 4s. 96«1W & 1^ Krie 4s.. rwjj
Do gen 4s f<v% Wis Cent 4s OO
F W & D C lsts. 104 :C F & I conv 5s T>
Hocking Val 4^.s.lO5 I
NEW YOHK MINING STOCKS.
NEW YORK BONDS.
Common, bid 4%, asked 4%; preferred, bid
«6, a<ked Sl'%.
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY.
Rock Maud Co pfd 2.200 65% 64% 66tf,
StL & SF 1st pfd 64
St L & SF 2d pfd.. 800 45% 48 48
St Louis S W 500 15% 15 15%
St Louis S W pfd.. 200 35 34% 35%
St Paul 21,000 146% 145% 146%
St Paul pfd 178
Southern Pacific... 27.100 51% 50Vi 51%
Southern Railway.. 5,44)0 22% 21% 22%
Southern Ry pfd.. 1.S0O S4>4 83% 83*4
Texas & Pacific... 1,400 26", 26% 26%
T, St L & W 2ii
T. St L & W pfd.. 100 39Vi -39V4 K8%
Union Pacific... 7.. 18,500 81% S0% 81%
Union- Pacific pf J. . 1.200 91 »0% 90
Wabash 000 21% • 20% -21
Wabash pfd... 7,800 40% 3S% 40
Wheeling & L E i .... ,18.
Wisconsin Central. 600 21% 21% 21 ]
Wis Central pfd... 1.7U0 47% 47Vi . 47%
Express Companies — . ¦
Adams 223
American 195 ;
United States n<>
Wells-Farsro 2tWJ
Miscellaneous —
Amalgamat Copper. 32.600 50% 49*4 50 T ,«
Ara Car & Fn.iry. . 300 2o% 20% 20%
Am C & F pfd 200 71 71 70%
Am Linseed Oil .... 10%
Am Lin Oil pfd 25
Am Locomotive 24.300 22% ISTs 22%
Am Licomotv pfd.. 2.200 7»Ts 78 79%
Am Smelt & Ref.. 9,100 50% 49% 50%
Am S-4 R Dfd.... 700 02 01% *>2
Am Sugar Ref 41.200 131. 129 130%
Anaconda Min Co.. 100 74 74 74
Brooklyn Rap Trn. 4.700 50 49% 49%
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 200 30% 30% 2i>
Columb & H Coal.. 7.200 1«% 1«% 1«%
Consolidated Gas.. 1.70U lft« 195% 195%
Genera: Electric...' .... 175
IntfrnKtnl Paper... 300 13% 13% 13%
Internl Pa^er pfd *'6 ,
Internatnl Pump... . 32
Intcrnl Pumn pfd.. 100 72 72 72 .
National Biscuit.. .... 39%
National Lead..:.. 20O 15% 15% 15%
North American... 3.SUO »1 . SS . S6%
Pacific Mail....:...' 1.000 30% 28% 29%
People's Gas 10,-ioO 102% 101 V, 101 *fc
Pressed Steel Car.. 400 30 • 2U% 30
Prsd Steel Car pfd. 100 71 ' 71 70
Pullman Pal Car... ..217
Republic Steel 1.100 8 • & • . R%"
Rtpublic Steel pfd. 1.700 49 4«% 47
Rubber Goods 3,300 21% 20t» 21%
Rubbur Goods pfd. . ¦ ....-, .... V9
Tenn Coa & Iron.. 300 40% 39% ' 40%
V S Leather l.fiOO' 8 7% 1%
U S Leather pfd... 1.100.; 7B '78% 78%
U S Rubber 1,600 14. 13 ;¦ 13%
IT j« Rubber pfd... 500 51U 51 "51
l U S Steel 8.100 ml 11%-- 11%
U S Steel .pfd 2S.800 5S»<, 57»i . 5S%
¦Western Union:..." e00 8S% 8S% SS%
Northu Securities.. ¦ ...¦; u...t 92%
Total sale*..... 947.300 shares.
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK. Jnn. 2<J.->-Bond transactions of
United Railroad* of San Franci*eo: tOoO at
$79 75. 1.C00 at $60. 2000 at $79 *7%.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
WASHINGTON
TACOMA, Jan. 26.— Wheat— Bluestem. 79c;
club, 75c. '
PORTLAND. Jan. 26. — Wheat— Walla Wal
la, 73c; bluestem, 7Sc; ralley, 78@S0c.
OREGON
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND. Jan. 26. — Clearings, $523,159;
balances. . $57,SS6.
SPOKANE, Jan. 26.— Clearings, $259,365;
balances, $55,376. .
$2®2 25; Goslings. $2fjp2 25; Ducks. $5 5006
per dozen for old and $4 50#5 for young: Hens.
85 50(86 50 for large and $1 5(X85 for small;
young Roosters. $6T?6 50; old Roosters. $3*35 50;
Fryers. $5 50gt}; Broilers. $5®5 50 for large
and $lg4 50 for small; Pigeons, $1 25®1 50 p«r
dozen for old and 52 25<#2 50 for Squabs.
GAME-^-Mallard Ducks. $2*3 per doxen:
Canvasback, $3@4: Sprig. $1 50*32: Teal. $1©
1 25; Widgeon. $1: small Ducks. 75cf?*l:
Gray Geese, $3; White Geese, 75c<8
$1 25; Brant. $1 £5 for small and $2 for large:
Honkers. $4 50 for large and $3 50 for small:
English Snipe. $3; common Snipe. $1 50: Wild
Doves. $1 25; Rabbits. $2 for Cottontails and
$1 25 for Brush; Hare. $1 25.
tinned prices were firm. May opened Wt<Qhic
lower to *i@ 1 -ic hlgher;at 89i4c to 89%c. A
slight advance was made shortly after, the
opening, the price rising: to 89%@S9%c. Na
sooner had the buying from this source ceassd,
however, than the crowd appeared to have
wheat for sale In unmeasured quantities. ¦
A large part of these offerings were sup
posed to be for account of the Armours. The
pit was void of buyers. • In consequence May
dropped 2*i@2%c In ten minutes of trading,
going down to 8714c before any support was
offered. At this point the leading lone ap
parently decided to check any further decline.
For the remainder of the session it was be
lieved the Armour interest was an active
buyer. The market responded readily to the
demand. The rally was almost as rapid as the
previous decline. Purchases of 3,000,000 bush
els not only caused a recovery of all or the
loss, but May. late in' the day. sold up to
90HC, an advance of 2%c from the low point.
The close was firm at 80%@00c, a gain of
hie over yesterday's final figures. The July de
livery did not experience a sharp decline.
After opening: at'SlVac to 8154c the price
slumped to S0%c, a break of l%e, but the
close showed a gain of Vi@%c at 81 %c.
The early corn market was easier. In sym
pathy with lower cables and ravorable weather
conditions for the drying of the grain. Closing
prices were at the top. " with May at 49%c.
The opening: was i£c to %@\*c lower at 48>i@
49c. .The low point was made at 48%c.
Buying credited to the leading long had a
tendency to create a firm tone , In . oats, al
though there was a disposition to sell early
In the day. in sympathy with the weakness
In wb*-8t. May opened unchanged to %c lower
at 41*ic to 41»4c, sold off to 41%c and closed
at 42%c. " ¦
There was large trading In provisions and
prices recovered. The market was strong
early on buying by commission houses and
packers, but later weakened on selling by
Western interests. The market closed- barely
steady. Selling due to prospects of increasing
hog' receipts was respcnslble^tor. the late weak
ness.. May-' pork closed 7^c lower at $13 40.
May lard was up 2Hcat $7 GZViCfr 55, while
ribi'-.were a : shade lower «t ?8 80.
\Tlie-leading futures ranged as follows:.
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2— ¦ '
May $D»i JH>14 87*4 00-
Uuly S1>H 82H 80* Sl%
September . 77 V, 77% 76% 77
Corn No. 2^-
January 45«4 46* 4594 46*4
1 May ........... 4tt 4!>% 4S% •' 40%
4 July 47% 48 47% ' 48
| Oats No. 2 —
I January • • •"• •••• 3fH4
Ulay.v 41%- 42% 41^. 42*
July- 37»X> 37% 37 , 37%
Mess Pork, per bbl— ' ' '
January ....<... J" 25^ 13 25 ¦ . 13 25 13 25
May ...... ....:i:$ 50 13 50 13 25 '¦„ 13 .40
Lard, per 100 lbs —
January .... .'. .: 7 32% .7 .'K^^ .7 32^ 7 32%
JMay ¦-... 7'!K2ii 7 57^ 7 45 '7 55
! July V... ....... 7 r,7»4 7 57«4. 7 47*/ 7 52%
! Short Ribs, per ICO lbs— \ ; •;¦
; January ....... ; .... ....'••»... 6 50 '
May ' .. : « R-'H ft 82>4: «,72ViV 6 80 ;'¦
J July : 6 02^6 02%- 6 82% 6 90;
Cash Grain and Provisions.. '•:;.
CHICAGO. Jan. 20. — Cash quotations were
as. follows: Flour,' dull and -easy; 1
t No. :t 'wheat, S5@87c; No. 2 red,
' SttUS'Olc- No 2 corn, 4G%®46%c: No. 2 yel
! low, J7V:c; No. 2 oats. 39U«KE)a4c: No. 3
t white. SO^HOUc; No. 2 rye. 55c; good feeding
f barley. a7 1 A@3Sc; fair to choice malting. 4«@
i 57c- >'o. 1 flaxseed. $1 10; No. 1 Northwestern. '
' $1 irt- prime timothy seed. $3 25: mass pork.
• per barrel. *13 lioUV.i 45: lard, per 100 pounds,
j $7 Xmi shcrt ribs sides (loose). $0 47%fl<5 72%;
1 Jbcrt clear sides (boxed). $<i K7%ig7 12%: whis
| ky. basis high wines, $1 27; clover, contract
I grade. _ $11 25. ; • '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 27, 1904.
Continued on Page Fourteen
SEATTLE. Jan. 26.— Clearings, $600,744;
balances. $125,2S8.', . •'
.TACOMA." Jan. 26.— Clearings, $33S,S59;
balances. $4&,4-'ti. - .
Northern: Business.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
15
AUCTION SALES
£& FIFTH CONSIGNMENT £a
..Auction Sale..
: J '-; "L-OF—
100 Head of Mares and
Geldings
Weighing from 100O to 1200. Consigned from
the Churchill Co.'s. J. F.. C. B. and D. rancbea.
Yreka. SUkiyou County.
To Be Sold Monday, Feb. I, 1904,
At 11 A. M.. at
Salesyards. 1732 Market St.. cor. Van Ness a.*«.
FRED H. CHASE & CO-. '
Livestock Auctioneer*. .
£gs AUCTION SALE £s>
OF
50— Horses and Mules— 50
By order of Fred Mast of Yolo County and
H. Evans of Butte County we will sell ¦ 50
head of HORSES and ML'LES. weighing from
11<X> to 1C0O pounds.
Thla stock is well broken, in good order aad
ready for work.
Sale Takes Place
THURSDAY NIGIIT. January 23 at 8 o'clock.
At 1732 Market st.. s. f.
Stock, at yard Thursday morning.
FRED H. CHASE & CO.. >
Auctioneers:
*\_ AUCTION SALE — 10 HORSE3 A2tV>
?~* MARES — K>. WEDNESDAY". Jan. S7.
at 11 a. m.. ARCADE HORSE MARKET. *r
SIXTH ST. Every horse must be as repre-
sented or money refunded. JOHN J. DOYLE.
Auctioneer. • • .Sockets have been placed for 12,000
incandescent electric lamps on the Pal
ace of Education at .the world's fair.
Reduced rates on household goods to & from
the East & South. Bekin's, 11 Montgomery st. *
A party of 120 members of the lo
cal councils of Knights of Columbus
will leave here at 11 o'clock Saturday
evening for Fresno, where, on Sun
day, they will participate in the in
stallation of a new council. The party
will travel by special train over the
Santa Fe road.
Xew Council at Fresno.
ADAMS* Irish Moss Cougli Balsam the safe.'
¦ure and guaranteed cure. 25c, 50c. Drarslits.*
The next lecture; on "The French
Revolution" in the university extension
course now being given by the Me
chanics' Institute will be delivered in
the Mechanics' Pavilion art gallery
to-night. The subject of the lecture
will be "Danton, the Champion of
Strong Government" The lecture will
be delivered by Professor H. Morse
Stephens of the University of Califor
nia. '
Lecture on French Revolution.
¦^¦The printers who got the contract
for furnishing affidavit blanks to the
Election Commissioners will get paid
for their work and paper. Judge Sea
well yesterday sustained the demurrer
to the suit for an injunction restrain
ing the Commissioners "from carrying
the contract brought by James A.
Brien, an unsuccessful bidder.
Printers Will Get Paid.
Irrigation Examination.
The United States Civil Service
Commission announces an . examina
tion on April 19, 1904, at San Fran
cisco for the position of Irrigation en
gineer. Age limit, 20 years or over.
Persons who desire to compete should
apply to the; United States - Civil Ser
vice Commission, Washington, D. C,
or to the secretary of the Consolidat
ed Board of Civil Service Examiners,
301 ¦ Jackson street, for application
form 1312, .which should be properly
executed and filed with the'commis
sion, at Washington.
AVe have the moderate-priced as well
as the high-grade picture frames and
moldings. Pretty goods at even more
reasonable prices than ever before in all
the new shapes, and every tint and color
of mat board and binding: paper. San
born, Vail & Co.. 741 Market st. •
Artistic Picture Frames.
Frank Creighton is the name of the
man that was run over and killed by
*a Southern Pacific Company's switch
engine at the intersection of Ninth
and Channel streets last Monday
morning. The remains were identified
at the Morgue yesterday by James
Creighton, his nephew. The dead man
wag born in Ireland fifty-five years
ago, and resided at the corner of Bry
ant avenue and Eighteenth street. He
was an employe 'of the glass works
and was supposed to have been de
mented.
Identified as Frank Creiffhton.
Application was made yesterday to
the Bank Commissioners for a license
to conduct the Mechanics' Bank at
the corner of Bush and Montgomery
streets. San Francisco. The capital of
the concern is $250,000, which is paid
in full. The subscribers number about
fifty. James Gunn has been elected
president of the bank; G. D. Gray and
G. F. Lyon, vice presidents, and Fred
H. Clark, secretary and cashier. The
directors are G. F. Lyon, Henry T.
Scott, F. M. Greenwood, F. W. Dohr
mann Jr., W. F. "Williamson, James
Gunn, Marshal Hale, G. W. Mitchell,
C. C. Moore, G. W. Kline and F. II.
Clark.
Apply for License.
It is said that there are a number of
other teachers having the same status
as Mrs. Reeves, which will render some
of them insecure in their positions.
Preliminary to a conference to be held
on Thursday evening between the
Board of Education and the Richmond
Improvement Club regarding the need
of more school facilities. Directors
Boyle and Walsh, visited - the district
yesterday arid inspected the Sutro,
Park and Jackson schools, which they
found in' fairly good condition consider
ing the accommodations. In the Sunny
side School one room,' ten by fifteen
feet, contained thirty-five pupils, and
the board has. decided to rent a hall in
the vicinity, in which three large -rooms
will be built to better accommodate the
pupils.
Roncovieri yesterday ascertained upon
investigation that Mrs. Reeves was^by
resolution of the Board of flducation,
adopted on January 27, 1897, ''appointed
as a High School substitute, to be paid
only for actual services rendered."
Under the terms of the resolution
Roncovieri holds, that Mrs. Reeve3
could not receive salary when she was
not actually engaged in teaching. Ron
covieri declares that it must have been
assumed by the court that Mrs. Reeves
was a regular teacher in the depart
ment, whereas she was only a substi
tute, to be assigned to duty as occasion
demanded. .
Roncovieri learns that Mrs. Reeves
was assigned to classes in the Girls*
High School and other schools, was
consolidated out on April 26, 1899. and
on October 29, 1902, was reinstated in
her position in accordance with the
Supreme Court decision In her case.
She was again consolidated out last
month and ordered reinstated by ¦ the
Superior. Court pending the determina
tion of her suit against the. board.
Roncovieri says there is nothing for
Mrs. Reeves to do, and under the reso
lution originally appointing her she can
be placed on the substitute list and
can only be paid for actual services she
may render. Roncovieri says it is the
intention of -the board to assign Mrs.
Reeves to a class as soon as there is a
vacancy, but it will oppose paying her
salary when she is not occupied.
President Roncovieri is of the opinion
because ex-City Attorney Lane did not
fully acquaint himself with the status
of Mrs. Irene. D. Reeves, a teacher, who
was consolidated out of the public
school department and then ordered re
instated by the Supreme Court, that
the teacher named recovered some SSOOO
in back salary to which she was not
legally entitled. Mrs. Reeves has since
been consolidated out of her position
again and has once more brought suit
for reinstatement.
President EoncoTicri of Board
of Education Says Mrs. Reeves
Bt- covered' Salary Illegally
Thursday morning' we give you a great
chance to shoe a family of five persons for less
than $2. Ladies' low or high shoes. 35c. all
styles. Fizes and widths; children's shoes for
school or dres<F, th<» same price; men'* shoes
for 75c a ;>air. mad? by Johnson & Murphy.
Keith and Xolan; also men's and boys' boots
and sh<x.«. 7.1c -a pair. Sale Thursday morn
ing. !» o'clock sharp. Busy Bee Shoe Co., 1«29
Market Et . above Sixth. •
I>arge Shoes 35c.
LEARNS. STATUS
OF A TEACHER
' Clasped to the dead woman's breast
with the foregoing letter and: the
photograph was a scrap of paper con
taining the following: . ¦ :, •
.May the power controlling' this universe
control Harry Bennett and force him'. to come
and do -what Is. right. Make me his;wif# and
be sincere and true to me as I am to him.
Mrs. F. A. Pitman, formerly of
Portland, Or., forsaken by the man she
loved, evidently not wisely but too
well, ended her life in a lodging-house
at 2C8 Turk street Monday night. Her
body was found lying on the bed
dressed. Clasped to her bosom
were a photograph of Harry Vernon
Bennett, whose parents reside at 628
Sutter street; a farewell letter from
him and an unsigned note reproving
him for having jilted her after secur
ing her money.
Mrs. Pitman arrived in this city
last month and took a room at the
Lake House, 268 Turk street. Shortly
after her arrival she engaged the ser
vices of Attorney Edward; T. Maples
and requested him to prosecute Ben
nett. According to the story she told
Maples, Mrs. Pitman first met Ben
nett when she" was running a lodging
house in Portland. _,
He induced her to sell, the -house,
she claimed, and they traveled to Los
Angeles together. Bennett, it is said,
secured $200 of the $500 she had real
ized on the. sale of her lodging-house
and promised to meet her in this city
and make her his wife. He never kept
his promise, and the woman, becom
ing despondent/finally ended her life.
Prior to taking her plunge into eter
nity s*ie used every effort to • induce
Bennett to return to her. In- one of
the letters addressed to him she stated
that she had recently come into a large
fortune, but this, her attorney says,
was merely .an artifice to induce Ben
nett to return to this, city' that she
might prosecute him. on a charge of
obtaining money liy false pretenses or
else induce him to 'marry her.
According to Mrs; Pitman's story,
soon after her, return from Los An
geles she learned of Bennett's dupli
city. She discovered his relations with
a young woman • of. Stockton,
who, it is claimed, came to; this
city within the last few days j seeking
much needed / sympathy from ¦ the
missing man. As * truth ; dawned on
Mrs. Pitman she grew, despondent and
several threats to make away with her
self culminated Monday afternoon,
• when the man whom she. so deeply
loved sent her the photograph of him
self and another woman. .- .,
Mrs. Pitman was : the widow of a
well known Portland dentist, t who left
her comfortably situated. She has
many friends, in [ that city and", not a
few of them warned her against,Ben
nett. Bennett's recent employment in
this city was with the telephone'com
pany and prior to that, for a time, he
was engaged as a solicitor f^>r the
Attorneys'.. Auxiliary, in the Parrott
building. He is known to have also
served as a private detective and on
the occasion of his visit to Portland
he was engaged in the advertising
business.
BEN'XETTS LAST LETTER.
Bennett's last letter to Mrs. Pitman,
in which he inclosed a photograph of
himself and a woman, was on
lhe office paper of a Chicago wine
house and reads as follows:
My Dear Franclne — From the letter I re
ceived from you to-day I take It for grante-l
that you wish that we should part forever.
Although - It will pain me awfully. I will do
as you say. • • • Any money I have used
of youra I will return as 6Oon as .; I am - on
my feet and able to Bend It. I am pleased to
note your good fortune In coming Into that
amount of money. . Send me my mall; but as
it is your wl«n. .this will be your last letter
from me. .Yours, 1 . > '. . . -HARRY. .
Bennett's mother called at the Cor
oner's office yesterday -and said that
there must be some mistake, as her
"little boy could never be mixed up in
an affair with a woman that had been
married!'! V
The dead '.woman was a widow and
apparently about 34 years of age. The
age of the "little boy" is. variously
stated as from- 20 to 22. He was for
merly in. the employ of the telephone
company.
That Mrs. Pitman was not in finan
cial straits at 'the time of her death
is shown by the fact that among her
effects was found a check for $200 on
the First National Bank of The Dalles,-
Or. Her attorney stated that a firm
doing a general merchandise business
at Dufur, near The. Dalles, owed her
money and, the check was probably
from that firm.'/- -
Late yesterday ' afternoon an -order
was received from Johnston Brosi of
Dufur instructing the Coroner to ship
the- body to that place. The autopsy
showed that death was caused by
asphyxiation.
MOTHER DEFENDS SON.
May he never rest until this prayer is an
swered.
On a table the following unsigned
letter was found.
SAN FRANCISCO, January.
Dear Harry: I will drop Just a Hne or
two to let you know that I am still living.
Just think what the cold glitter of gold will
do. The day you left me in Log Angeles I
thought that If you did not return life would
.not be worth living. Well, Harry. I suppose
you will wonder how I got your address. You
¦wronged me, you know, and may you never
have cause to suffer. You have had your re
venge. O heaven, may you never have cause
to suffer
Tasahei Yakota, a Japanese, who
was deported last September for hav
ing brought a female relative of his to
this country, for immoral purposes, is
said to have again come to California
over the northern border and immi
gration officials are on the lookout for
him. A local Japanese publication of
fers a reward of $50 for information ag
to his whereabouts. :
Is Said to Have Returned.
DESPONDENT WIDOW WHO COMMITTED SUICIDE BECAUSE HER
SWEETHEART PROVED FICKLE, THE MAN IK THE CASE AND
YOUNG WOMAN WHOM HE MET IN THE EAST.
The objective point of "Woodward's
inspection was Felton street, where he
found a fence extending along the cen
ter of the street between Yale and
Cambridge, thus obstructing the entire
northerly half of the street. On Felton
street, between Cambridge and Oxford,
the southerly half of the street was
fenced In.
Within the inclosures the tenants,
who are mostly vegetable and flower
growers, have planted seeds, so that
the gardens are flourishing on land be
longing to the city which has been
dedicated to use as open public streets.
Other streets, including Silliman street,
are being similarly utilized, though the
necessity for their opening is not as
imperative as Felton street, over which
there Is a considerable traffic. The
board Intends, however, to continue the
work of removing all fences that ob
struct the streets in that vicinity.
To-day the board will consider a com
plaint filed by the Pavers' Union
against the bad condition of the pave
ments on various streets contiguous
to the tracks of the street car lines.
The complainants allege that in most
cases the pavement -has been torn up
and not relaid and is a menace to life
and limb.
Specific attention Is directed to the
crossings at Fillmore and Ellis streets,
O'Farrell and Fillmore, Sacramento and
East, Second and Brannan, Ninth and
Mission, on Mission from Sixteenth to
Twenty-eighth, on Valencia from
Twentieth to Twenty-third and on
Tenth from Howard to Market.
The Board of Works yesterday ap
pointed Frank M. Spiller, Thomas Cut
len and Thomas Linton to be painters.
The men v. ere taken from the civil ser
vice eligible list. The board laid off for
lack of funds S. L. Pierce, a janitor at
the City Hall.
Commissioner Woodward of the
Board of Public made a visit
of inspection yesterday to a district
where certain streets have been illegal
ly fenced in, and as a result notices
were immediately Issued by the Bureau
of Streets to trespassers to remove the
fences at once.
A short and select programme will
be rendered before the lecture. "Father
Gilligan," one of Mr. Yeats' character
istic poems, will be recited by Hazel
Buckley, lime. Cora Roma will sing
Irish ballads and the Elks' Quartet
will render the most ancient and sweet
est of all the Gaelic melodies, "Eibhlin
a Ruin." Tickets for the lecture may
be had at room 87. Flood building.
Mr. Yeats will lecture this afternoon
at the University of Berkeley: on Fri
day at Stanford. He will also give a
lecture In the Santa Clara College thea
ter.
He was invited by the Irish Literary
Society of New York to visit the Unit
ed States and he has lectured at many
of the large universities in the East.
This evening Mr. Yeats will receive a
great ovation at his public lecture in
the Alhambra Theater under the aus
pices of the Leag-ue of the Cross. Sel
dom has there been such anxiety to
meot and hear a man of letters. He is
a charming speaker and has delighted
his Eastern audiences.
"The Wanderings of Oisin," a lengthy
drama, is founded on pre-Christian
tradition. Several of his later works
have received high praise and the Lon
don "Academy" crowned his volume
"The Wind Among the Reeds" as the
best volume of poems of the year. Even
Robert Louis Stevenson fell a Victim to
Yeats' poetry, and from far away
Vailima the novelist wrote the young
author that he had written one of the
three poems of the age.
He is regarded by the Irish race the
world over as their greatest intellec
tual leader of the century, and they
take pride in the "Poet of the Celtic
Twilight," as Mr. Yeats has been
named.
Mr. Yeats is the founder of the Cel
tic revival, which has attracted many
talented poets and writers.' Douglas
Hyde, Lionel Johnson, Nora Hopper,
Moira O'Neill, Katherine Tynan and
others whose names are prominent in
the domain of letters have made the
revival one of the most noteworthy
movements of modern times in Eng
lish literature. It has been Mr. Yeats'
aim to render into English the leg
ends, traditions, folk lore, sagas and
literature of the ancient Gaelic bards.
William Butler Yeats, the distin
guished poet and man of letters of
the Celtic revival, who has come to
Califocriia to lecture at the universi
ties of Berkeley and Stanford, arrived
late last night on the overland from
the East. His visit has been eagerly
looked forward to by friends of the
revival and Jhe literary class of the
city. Few men of the present genera
tion have achieved fame at so early
an age as Mr. Yeats. He is but 36
years of nge and his name is heralded
by the critics.
Organization Calls Attention to
the Bad Condition of lload
ways Adjoining Car Tracks
Announcement of Public Ad
dress in Alhambra Arouses
Interest of San Franciscans
C03IPLAINS OF PAVEMENTS
WILL LECTURE TO-NIGHT
Board of "Works' Orders Obstruc
tions to Be Taken Down on
Felton and Other Streets
Accuses Harry V. Bennett of Obtaining
Money . Under Promise of Marriage and
Then Leaving Her to Mourn His Absence
William Butler Yeats, the Dis
tinguished Toet and Jlan of
Letters, Arrives in the City
FENCES MUST
BE REMOVED
CELTIC REVIVAL
LEADER IS HERE
DESERTED BY FICKLE FIANCE
MRS. PITMAN ENDS HER LIFE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 27. 1904.
Auction for the Elite.
To-day at the Lincoln building. 3C7
Sutter street, a grand lot of Blackoak
Boulc, Marqueterle and Teakwood furni
ture. £. Curtis conducts the sale. *
16
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THEY ACTUALLY
DO THE WORK
Food Eaten Is Worthless Unless Di-
gested — Some Stomachs Must
Have Help.
Food taken into the Stomach which,
from the nature of the rood or. the con-
dition of the stomach, is not digested,
is worse than no food at all. This is a
true statement as far as it goes and a
great many dyspeptics go only this far
I with their reasoning. They argue with
themselves that because their stomachs
do not' do the work given them, they
must be given less work; in other words
they must be starved. It would be Just
as sensible for a business man who is
unable to do all his own work to cut
down his business to his own capacity
as it is for a man to starve himself to
relieve his stomach. The sensible busi^
ness man employs help and goes for-
ward with his business. Likewise the
sensible dyspeptic will employ help for
his stomach and give his body proper
nourishment.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets actually
do the work assigned to them. They re-
lieve weak and overburdened stomachs
of a great portion of digestive action.
Their component parts are identical
with those of the dicestlve fluids and
secretions of the stomach and they sim-
ply take ud the grind and carry on
the. work just the same as-a good,
strong, healthy stomach would do it.
On this account Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets are perfectly natural In their
action and effects. They do not cause
any unnatural or violent disturbance
in the stomach or bowels. They them-
selves digest the food and supply the
system with all the nourishment con-
tained in what is eaten and carry out
nature's plans for the sustenance and
maintenance of the body.
How much more sensible is thi3
method than that employed by many
sufferers from weak stomach. By this
means the body and brain get all the
good, nutritious food they need and the
man is properly nourished and .equipped
to carry on his work and perform his
duties. He could not possibly be in \
proper working condition by starving
himself or employing some new fang-
led, insufficient food that does not con-
tain enough nutriment for, a. year-old
baby. A strong man doing strong work
must be properly fed and this applies
to the brain as well as the body.
Stuart's Dyspepsia .Tablets, by re-
lieving the stomach of Its work, enable
it to recuperate and regain* its normal
health and strength. Nature ; repairs
the worn and wasted tissues Just as she
heals and knits the bone of a broken
limb, which is of course not used dur-
ing the process of repair.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets "are for
sale by all druggists i at 50 cents a box
and they are the. one article that the
druggist does not try to sell something
in the place of that's '.'just as good."
Their unqualified merit and success and
the universal demand for them has
placed them within the reach of every
one. - ' ;"¦'¦- '.'¦- - . V '¦
yv. ¦. > r. J- hess,
Rotary Public and Attorn ey-at-tair.
Tenth Floor.. Boom 1015* Claus Spreckels bldf.
Telephone Main 883. - .
Residence. 821. California »t., below PowelL
i Realdence : Teleohon* James 1501.
ADVERTISEMENTS-^
House-Cleaning \ Sale of New
and Used Pianos.
LOXG LIST OF EXCELLENT
rsKI) PIANOS BEING
CLOSED OUT BY POMMER-
EILERS THIS WEEK. XEW
OXES ALSO SLAUGHTERED.
PAYMENTS OF AS LITTLE
AS §5 A 310XTH IF DE-
S1KED.
We're getting: ready for our new year
rirTv. Made up our minds last week to
Bell out at least one-half of our retail
stock before inventory next Monday, and
the prices at which these fine new rlan°s
ar« offered during the pre-inventory sale
have found homes for a great many of
them.
But there are plenty of very choice in-
struments left to select from. Prices
now are just about half what one would ,
be expected to pay in regular retail sell-
ing.
Second-hand pianos have been accumu-
lating of late. They come to us in part
payment for new Kimball and Decker
and L.es.ter and Hazelton pianos. We
need the room they occupy and want to
dispose of each and every one of these
forty-odd pianos, uprights, squares and
grands, during this present week.
If you can use a good used piano
now's'the time to see us.
FOB S23 ? OB $40, OB $65!
¦We'll Fell you a piano for $28. Xot
Buch a bad one cither. Well give you a
mighty good one for J55. and the very
finest kind of a square piano for $65.
See this great big mas5ivr: Emerson
upright. Cost a pile nf money .iust thir-
teen months ago. Take it for $235; pay
$5 " month.
An elegant hand-carved Brucfin up-
right, for which S^r.o was charged only
a very short time ago. taken in part pay-
ment for a fine new Klmball baby grand,
goc-s now for a great deal less than half
price — ys, almost a third price.
A large ebony-cased Matthushek; also
in finest order — $1S5.
A Wing & Son. advertised as a
J1110 i'i piano, brand new. nor.- $180.
A choice little Kimball. in fancy mot-
tled English walnut, none but an expert
can tell it from new, worth S450, now
$24«.
A very large walnut Sherwood & Son,
?T5.
A large rosewood J. P. Hale upright.
Beautiful, latest Ftyle Colby upright,
coft recently $450. now Jlfio.
Fine dark Flcmish.oak Pommer-Eilers.
fine condition. $190. (This same piano,
under another naino. has been sold here
by nt!ier dealers for as much as $450.)
SO31E PIAXO PLAYERS, PI-
ANOLAS. ETC.
A couple of used pianolas and other
piano players for about half the custom-
ar\ price. i
Several clertrif self-playing pianos — I
last year's models — at a saving of from J
$S0 to $165, according to condition of
casr.
Square pianos take up a little more
room than do upright*, but they have
msiiy .idvantages ;is wrll. A Raven Ba-
t-on M|uiuc fine order. $45.
A Light e. Newton & Bradbury, $62.
An cl"g3nt Helming. $53.
Fine J. P. Hale square, J5S. And doz-
ens of others.
Payments of ?3 a month. 10 cents a
day. will secure one of them.
AND FIXE XEW PIAXOS.
Rcmcail>er that every new piano now
in <Mir retail salesroom has been still fur-
thor redmv-d. See the choice little up-
rights, sweet tone, and splendid action,
such as are sold for at least $350 by old-
time dealer*. Our price during this
I>re-inventory ea!c 5s $235 and $l!16 — $6
down and ?6 a month.
Other strictly highest grade upright
pianos, plain oases, for $1S6. Payments
of as little as 55 a month, if you like.
No excuse now for every well-managed
home not having a good piano.
<"*nll early to-morrow. No more pianos
will be put into this sale, so early comers
se« 'ire choicest selection.
Any of thesr- pianos will be shipped to
out-of-town buyers without additional
charge. .
Remember the place — Pommer-Eilers
MuFic Company. C53 Market street, be-
]ov the Examiner building.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
==THIS WEEK=
On Tlonday, January 25th, and con-
tinuing all through this week, we will
have on sale full lines of the following
EXTRA VALUES:
50-INCH BASKET WEAVE CHEVIOTS in the fOllOWlnj
colorings! Green, NaYU> Brown, Roual, Cardinal anl
Marine- These goods are veru suitable for Military
and Outing Suits. Pries SI.OO Yard
56-INCH DEVONSHIRE SUITINGS In all the New Mixed
Tweed Effects. Veru desirable for. Tailor Made anl
Outing Suits. Price $1.50 Yard
50-INCH BLACK ENGLISH VENETIAN, BLACK BASKET
WEAVE CHEVIOT, BLACK AMAZON CLOTH anl
BLACK ENGLISH HOPSACKING. PrlceiSI.OO Yard
50-INCH COLORED AMAZON CLOTH, extra fins (jual-
JtUi in shades of Blue, Brown, Green, Tan, Grau and
Cardinal. * Price .' SI.OO Yard
WHITE MARSEILLES BED SPREADS, extra hsaYU
aualltu; size suitable fop large beds and vepu hand-
some designs. Price S3.5O Each
•EXTRA LARGE WHITE CALIFORNIA BLANKETS,
bordfers assorted. Price $4,25 Pair
3Sj^ Bcarnlar Value. $3.00.
Our Special Sale Satin Ribbons, Remnants Silks, Rem-
nants Embroideries, and Ladles' Muslin Underwear
will be continued all this week.
Orders by mall receive prompt attention.
i V^ I Jw A!l orders for samples or joods filled
:===:=: and shipped same day they are received.
ill, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Psoriasis, Scalled Head,
Milk Crust, tetter
Ringworm
¦ . \- - ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ' ' ¦ ¦ ¦
Com plete External and I nter-
nal Treatment, consisting of
Guticura Soap to cleanse,
Cuticura Ointment to heal,
and Cuticura Pills to cool
the blood, may now^be had of
alldruggists for One Dollar.
A single set is often sufficient to cure tat
' most distressing cases -when all flat fall*. . -'.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
y*l|j|fc. "Arnold" Knit Night Drawers
rtM^gagMzSk A child demands much care and Watchful-
W&.&***&i0%\ I1CsS - particularly at night, to escape many a
%%^§m* ~wcz&% serious illness. The "Arnold" Knit Night Draw-' •
'¦MZtthZUZ&m crs ncl P 3' ou J ust as much in this particular, for
'£n/l\ \$w/ w^ en y° ur child wears them he sleeps without
•>- any cause for your worrying or your attention.
YV JfcZ^ c cannot become uncovered, although lie may
tot k ?EmW k' clc and throw all the bedclothes oft — the
'J^tV ft»>i night drawers are there to stay.
Sizes from £Kf\r> and •
'tttlAi^ila^F 2 to io years.. \J\J^ upward.
Exclusive Pacific Count Kz*r.\B it>x the "Arnold" Good* and '
if .. Or. Grwienor's Gertrude Outfits. Send for Pree Catalcruc;
AS 7 EKT I S S2d HMTT3.
1 Dollar • [i
|rremiom £. 1 § coffees |
S Free spices 1
I dfhFv . Cents Baiiag I
Eg with bach vv«^*i« n * i
| Wort " Powder I:
H a^^They are Beauties q |
I $j$^ A thousand kinds >3| I
I a» to Select ' rom « *^ll ?i
| || It Pays to f\\
11^ Trade at J L
I Great American Importing Tea Co'sS
k Stores jjj
H 861 Market 210 Grant ar. 1413 Folk fit
§143 Sixth 1819 Dvriiadtn TOS Larkin K
mi'SSUizht 80C8Sixt««ith 835 Hayes |!
M32S3r3MJon 521 Kontc'y itc. SZUarkat B
H3008 Fflknon 2206 Miuhm l« Ninth £
B3eg ™?d S?S2 *<th 486 Fourth f;
SOHEMIAtt
\ "King of o0 Bottled Btert.*' I
J Br«w«4 froa Bohemian Hc>^ , j
scto.evBavwrieas- j
HlLBKItT llEACANTTUB CCX. L
Pacific Coast Asenta. £
JROUNpTAB
BARROW BRAND
H 15CENTS.2FOR25CENTS
H „ . CLUETT, PEABOOY A CO.
If Miters ot Claett and Monarch 8airta
A visit DR. JORDAN'S GHCATi
dtaUSEOB OF ANATOMY?
V fe») 18 ~*122lT3T.l«t.fcU?.*.8.rCil. A
A Ef W I?|a L *3 wit A »"«««l Mu*«m la the \
° i&Ati op ~ aUit «• «*• c««s. m«. *££: o
0 §i&?§ C3# J03D AN-0'SEASES OF MEM $
A IMVM Cm»»!:»nca Tree «nd jtrirtly pr.Tite. \
\»/ Si H r—t&M CWaia arery cu*«iul«rt»kea. T
A U U> v »:'J»bl<= book for am) \
0% 9 & 1 af^ Ammunition. Hunting «o<*
jj a JQH Sporting CJooda. L*r*esl
B jj 6*ifl xtotk. Lowest prices. S=n<i
V 1 H SHr.EVE°S: U BARBES CO,
¦~T- T3» Market at. and ZU
Xtaxny at.