LANDLADY AND AN ACQUAINTANCE OF. L. S. S9EDER, THE SUSPECTED MURDERER OF JOSEPH BLAiSE.
Continued on ¦Page;'2 f --C?rtInWtn < a 1 -\
'Blaise wag foully slaughtered / less
than* two hours after he had eaten bis
• The most Important link in the chain
of evidencethat Is being^wound around
Leon Soeder, who is suspected of hav
ing , murdered his brother-in-iaw. Jo
seph'Blaise, last Sunday evening,. at
the foot. of Russian Hill, came to light
yesterday. .;"** V "• - ¦'¦'¦
LONDON, Jan. 14.— A dispatch re
ceived to-day at the War Office from
Major General Egerton, commanding
the Somaliland - expeditionary forces;
announces that the body of Captain
the Honorable Thomas Lister.. Lord
Ribbledale's son and heir, who was re
ported by General Egerton to be miss
ing after the engagement recently be
tween the* British . and the forces of
the Mad Mullah, , haa 7 been found,
pierced ' by a spear.
Captain Lister's Body Found.
WINNEMUCCA, New, Jan. 14.—
Workmen engaged in digging gravel
here to-day uncovered at a depth of
about twelve feet a lot of bones that
once were part of the skeleton of a gi
gantic human being.
Joseph Rougon, who was in charge of
the work, examined the bones and at
once decided that they were those of a
man or a woman. They were taken to
Dr. Samuels, who examined them thor
oughly and pronounced them to be the
bonos of a man who must have been
nearly eleven feet in height.
¦ The metacarpal bones measure four
and a half inches in length and ere
large in proportion. A part of the ulna
was found which in complete form
would have been between seventeen
and eighteen inches In length. The re
maining part of the skeleton is being
searched for. , ¦ ¦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Senate Confirms Arm/. Promotions.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 14^—Tha Sen
ate to-day In executive session, con
firmed the following nominations: Ma
jor General Adna R. "Chaffee to be
lieutenant general: Erigadier General
George ;L. Gillespie to be major gen
eral. • Colonel Alexander McKenzfe to
be brigadier general and chief of en
gineer*.
Continued on Fas^ 3, Column
¦ ' ? *
CZAR DECLiARES FOR PEACE.
an Outbreak.
Win Do All In Ills Power to PreTcnt
ST. PETERSBURG. Jan. 14.— "1 d»-
Insists Upon Jurisdiction Over AH
Korean Territory.
BERLIN, Jan. 14.— Japan's main
points in her last note are understood
here officially to be that Japan con
sents to eliminate Manchuria from tha
controversy, owing to the signature oC
the commercial treaty between China
and Japan and Russia's assurances
that China's commercial conventions
will be respected. Japan, therefore, re
stricting her claims to Korea, asks for
a definite, written guarantee that IJus
sla will abstain from interference In
the politics of that country, thus leav
ing Korea exclusively to Japanese ; In
fluence.. Japan, rejecting the proposed
neutral zone. as. delimited by Russia,
proposes a neutral zone. If Russia still
deems one desirable, which shall con
sist of equal territories, oT Korea and
Manchuria, including the Yalu River,
with all Russia's fortifications thereon.
Finally. Japan fixes no limit of time,
but earnestly expresses the hope that
Russia will not delay a definite and
favorable reply to Japan's reasonable
requests. Japan alludes to her privi
lege of. discontinuing the negotiations
should it appear that Russia is unwill
ing to accept these minimum propo
sals.
The note, though not altogether pre
cluding further negotiations, has a cer
tain finality in its tone implying that
the correspondence is closed on the slda
of Japan. It Is not believed that Rus
sia will consider the proposed neutral
zone suggested by Japan. No authori
tative opinion is obtainable as to Rus
sia's pfobable reply and the situation
islJkely to be prolonged for a good
many days and possibly for weeks.
WHAT JAPAN' DEMANDS.
Remarkable Discov
ery Is Made in a
Nevada Town.
' "The reason .that the 'contents of the
stomach have not been analVsed^b'eJcre
now is. that -I was loth 'to'* deliver -'wh..t
I consid ". the most important' piece 'or
evidence Into any 'one*- ' hanC i . but : the
newly appointed City frhemist. A.. C. ;
Bother. Bother was not swora in to'his
new duties, until this 'afternoon. , 'As
sojn as I knew that he. had been sworn
I - .delivered i into ( his ¦ hands 3 brsoinally
the> stomach /and^conte:..; •. ittwill be
about : three .days - before 'i the ; chemist
will complete his analysis. \u He VjriH'. be
able : to determine . by the f presence *of
the various peptones and y.-:telds Just
what length s of time digestion 1 had been
going on prior to death. there'
was any drug in the; stomach
will ' also , ; be -; determined . when - the
analysis , is completed: «;, . ' >>' ,-. v • .' :".
USE OF CHLOROFORM ABSURD
"This talk :abcmt. w tie- t man;having
been ¦ chloroformed -, is ja.ll i bo'shvi-v ]7. • do
STOMACH TO . BE ANALYZED.
"I"" examined the /stomach of, Blaise
and found that the organ was nearly
filled with undigested food.. .From : the
cursory examination : I gave it i : am
inclined to believe that \ the
nate man was . murdered within v.two
hours after he had eaten, his. supper.
The food was In such a' condition .that
I could readily recognize the 'different
substances that the man had partaken
of at his last meal. .The' chili peppers,
so much used In Mexican; dishes,' were
plainly visible. If. I were to tell you
my opinion "'of the time - that elapsed
between the eating of the, meal and the
murder . of Blaise, I. should say, that It
Is* \-ery probable that the;man;''met
his death one hour, after he. had' left
the restaurant, In company with -Soe
der. ' ¦ ¦ . ' . '¦ • • ", '¦¦¦¦"' ¦¦¦- .- } ¦
"It was possibly within one. hour and
certainly not mere than two. hours,"
was the positive reply of the autopsy
surgeon. » ' . ¦ V
Dr. Bacigalupi, autopsy surgeon ' to
Coroner Leland, was .asked yesterday
if he could tell from the; contents of
the stomach of Blaise ho^, soon' after
eating his dinner Blaise 1 met with his
death. . : • - '
went to Germany, arid ; died" there, the
possession by Soeder of: deadly ' poisons
is looked upon as r gravely. "Significant.
That Joseph Blaise was -murdered
shortly after he left the": Mexican - res
taurant in company of Soeder is
beyond dispute. • '-'- ' • •
Mr. and Mrs. J. XI bin us, landlord and
Soedcr claims tliat on Sunday evening
last he returned from dinner with
Blstee at 5:SO; that shortly after.
Blaise went for a wait and never
returned. Soeder claims that he re
mained in his room from 5:30 Sun
day evening until the' next morn-
Ins:.
At the Mexican restaurant, 721 Broad
way, the proprietor and attaches
pay that Socder always paid for the
meals and Uiat Blaise was never
Lnown to do so.
J. N'iblauf, landlord of the house at
£27. Jacltsou t-trcct, where. Soeder
and Blaise roomed, declares that
Ulaibc never displayed any' money
and tluit Soedcr always paid the
bills.
Soeder claims that Blaise l^id consid
erable racney on his person when he
v.cnt for a walk alone the night
before he was found dead.
The body of Blaise is found the next
morning at the foot of Russian Hill,
death hating been caused by a stab
in the throat. -The pockets of the
trousers of Blaise were turned In
side out, • indicating that robbery
was the motive of the murder.
On Sunday, January 10, Soedcr and
Blaise dine at a Mexican restaurant,
721 Broadway, and leave there at
7:30 p. in.
Soeder secures an accident policy on
tne ltfe of Blaise for $3000, s this
amount to be paid to Soedcr in the
event of the death of Blaise, and
applies for a $7000 policy on Blaise
in his (Soeder's) favor.
On reaching San Francisco, Soeder
again tries . to insure the life of
Blaise for $10,000, but is given a
policy of only $3000. This policy
is in favor of the wife and children
of Blaise.
Arriving: In Xew York, Soeder at
tempts to insure life of Blaise for
the sum of $10,000. -
Leon Socfier induces • his - brother-in
law, Joseph Blaise, to leave his
home in Germany and come to San
I'Vancisco to secure work.
SUMMARY OF THE :EVTDEXCE-
O vercoat , : : belonging to. . Soeder .is
specked -with red soil, similar in
, character to that . at the : base of
Kusslan . HlW, . where" Blaise . was
murdered. J
Spot .where Blaise was . murdered : Is
.three and a half blocks from the
room- where - Boeder nnd Blaise re
sided. '
Mexican restaurant where Soeder and
Blaise dined is only two blocks from
the.room in which they lived.
Examination of the stomach of Blaise
by Dr. Bacigalupi, autopsy 'surgeon
4o Coroner Leland, proves the mur
dered man died within one hour
and not more than two hours after
he - had eaten dinner with Soeder
j lust Sunday evening.
The police also find in Soeder's room
on Jackson street a bottle of chlo
roform and one of carbolic acid. -
The police locate the trunk at the
Five-Mile House an$l find In It a
pair of old shoes. In the shoes were
two uotties of hydrocyanic add, the
most deadly . poison known to sci
ence.
On January" 8 j-Soeder removed an
empty trunk from the home of 3Iiss
„ Flatley \ arid '. conveyed it to the
FIverMile - House, 4280 "\ Mission
: . "street, ' saying j he might call for it
in three or^.f our days, and if he did
. not that' it might be destroyed.
Statement by Miss Catherine Flatley
that Soeder desired 'to marry her
and that he recently Informed her
. that he, would shortly be in posses
sion of : $7000, which he expected
from- Germany.- • '
Soeder, • under pressure' of questioning
after arrest, admits that he had two
wives; that his first wife 5 was Eliz
abeth Nifs; that she went to Europe
¦ and- Is 'presumed by 'him to have
died there.
Soedcr's house at Petaluma was burn
ed down shortly after his wife died;
It was insured in a number of com
panies, but payment -of insurance
was not made : by the ¦companies;
the case being a 'suspicious one of
Incendiarism, r
Soeder's wife, formerly a Miss'Miran
da, died last-i February" In Petaluma
and Soeder ? collected $2000 insur
ance on her life. Many rumors'' were
heard that the N woman - had ! = died
from poison, her death having, been
sudden. • ; .
Police Department discovers that Soe
der is an ex -convict, having served
¦ three years for burglary in" San
Quentin. -\ tfSS
Soeder also pawned a ; revolver and
cartridges last .Monday, morning.
After the body of Blaise was found
nnd detectives . visited Soetler's
room, he returned to his' room and
secured Uie policies which had been
Issued on the life of Blaise. '
Police find that .; Soeder took - a dark
gray sack sni( to a cleaning shop
early last 3Ioiiday^ morning and
asked that It be cleaned at once.
When questioned by the police .last
Monday, Soeder asserted that he did
not possess such a suit. • " '.
Soeder was seen wearing a dark gray
sack suit last \ Sunday evening.
Mr. and Mrs. CN'iblaos say that .they
never knew. Blaise , to . go out alone
at night.'. Blaise could . not speak
English and was bat little acquaint
ed with the city.
On Monday morning last Soeder in
. formed his landlord that lie feared
' that Blaise bad met with foul play,
_ "as Ire had remained away from' his
room nil night. ., -"•*¦•'»
Soeder's assertion that he remained in
. the room all Sunday evening is dis
• proved by Mrs. Xiblaus, who says
that tlie lainp-for Soeder's room was
ft 111 filled with oil on the following
day, showing that the lamp had not
been used, j >' . *- \ . .
landlady of Soedcrj positively "state
that they neither saw a light in
SoederV room last' Sunday "evening
nor heard any one in that room up
to 10:30 p. in.
"The honor of the United States de
mands prompt disavowal by the Con
gress of the United States, whose con
stitutional prerogative had been in
vaded by the lawless and unconstitu
tional acts of the chief executive."
Such disavowal would* mean compen
sation in some form. Newiands added:
"Had these outrages been committed
by the executive a 'great power
Congress would promptly disavow
them, and shall the impotence of Co
lombia disqualify her , from receiving
satisfaction for injury inflicted on her
by the unconstitutional action of this
country's chief; executive?"
Depew spoke in support . of the ad-,
ministration in its conduct on the istn
mus "and said' that the opponents of
"the treaty were aiding the enemies or
the canal. ¦
' "If." he continued, ; "there ever was
a concert' of action : among any great
railway- corporations to /-defeat this
most ¦.beneficent work of commerce and'
civilization I am not aware of it, but
if such a combination does exist then
its allies and ; its most efficient assist
ants are , to be found ' among those who,
Newiands said he was willing to ad
mit that the spirit of ¦.. the treaty of
184<J called for the building of the canal.
But, even with that construction. Co
lombia's refusal 'to allow the building
of the canal would not have been
authority sufficient for the landing of
United States troops in Panama as the
result of the recent Insurrection. New
lands also complained that the Presi
dent had prematureiy recognized Pan
ama. The established methods of
diplomacy were ignored, and immedi
ate and prompt r.rmed intervention
and a display of force .were made Tvith-^
out complyfng with the formal proced
ure required • by international law.
Newiands said it was doubtful whether
the status which ' existed . before, the
war could be restored. A new govern
ment'had been created by the violent
actions of the United States Govern
ment, lie said:
WASHINGTON, Jan. 14.— The Senate
to-day listened to speeches by New
lands and Latinier in advocacy of the
adoption of a plan for the improve
ment of public wagon roads of the
country. Newiands declared that the
course of . the President in Panama
was an act of war and in contraven
tion of the treaty of 1846, of interna
tional law- and of the^constitutlon of
the United States. Depew praised the
President's policy as patriotic and
justified by precedent and law.
One. Attacks and . the Other Defends
President's Panama Policy. I
XEWLAXDS VERSUS DEPEW.
LABORERS
FIND BONES
OF A GIANT
PANAMA. Ja n. 14.— Authentic infor
mation from the frontier Is anxiously
awaited here,' as It is reported that the
Colombians ,have already started to
march upon the „ isthmus. The Pana
malan troops are ready to leave on a
moment's notice. The co: ;cript!on has
been completed and 12,000 fighting men
can be placed in the field.
There was great^bustle in the armory
to-day in preparation for the shipment
of rifles and ammunition to the Indians
of the interior,' who have agreed to join
against the Colombian forces. Colonel
Barette of the Panama ian army said
to-day: • • ' ¦ . .
• "We; who were. Colombians until yes
terday, cannot :be* deceived -by an y tac
tics the Colombians may employ. ' We
are deeply "grateful "for the aid the
Americans have given , us, especially as
we are 'now. prepared > to . flight our, own
battlfes- on land i-i .vith. the, utmost confi-*
dence"'of- victory. ¦ . ;¦.•¦•;' .
"Four hundred to 500 men, stationed
in either of the only three. passes avail
able, can defeat \ any army. " We have
all/the men we actually ; need, for the
fighting will be done In the mountains.
We expect to. repel the invasion with
out calling- out 1 all of . the available
troops. i Many of the.. Indians will cer
tainly fight on our side., i The San Bias
Indians, who are Colombia's allies, will
not fight at all."
American marines along the railroad
will soon be supplied with new bat
teries., A collier has been sent to the
Island of CulebraJ near Poii. Oricc. to
obtain guns placed tb>re in the naval
maneuvers of 1902. • •
Special Dispatch to The Call,
Believes It-Can Hold the Mountain
Passes Without Aid From the
"United States.
In the, face of the fact that Boeder's
- wife died under suspicious '.; circum
stances a year ago ,in'_Petaluma^ and
that he collected $2000 insurance on her
1 life, jcoupied^ with . his .admission ; that
he had a "previous; wife he; claims
The police now have in their possess
ion two ¦ bottles "of hydrocyanic .acid,
a solution of ? cyanide 1 of ¦'¦ potassium,
which they % found 4 in : Soeder's / trunk,
which they located at the Five • Mile
House, ' 4280 • Mission ' street.' ' > K ¦'- ? '
I Chloroform - and ""carbolic'- 1 ,, acid •, were
also found -In Soeder's • room by Detec
tive Gibson ' when '"• he' searched the
apartment of the man; last
Monday. -. *-¦ .-
FIXES TIME OP MURDER.
supper with Soeder at the Mexican res
taurant at 721 Broadway, '•and left in
the company of .the. man who is now
in custody of the. police. '- ;
police.*
It was also - learned yesterday that
Soeder was - in - possession fatA the most
deadly poison known' 5 to science,- a few
days before Blaise was murdered.
Little Republic Can Place
Twelve Thousand Men
in the Field.
Panama Prepares to
Resist Army of
Invaders.
The United States claims that it ha*
political as well as commercial inter
est in Manchuria, and should that
province be annexed by the Czar a
protest from Washington, from what
was said to-day, is likely to go to St.
Petersburg.
Sir Mortimer Durand. the British
Embassador, had a conference with
Secretary Hay on the Far Eastern sit
uation to-day. Advices on the sub
ject received at the British embassy
are of a gloomy nature.
This Government has been advised
that Japan feels that she can lose no
more, or little more, as a result of an
unsuccessful war with the Czar's forces
than she would lose now by giving;
way to the Russian proposals. She
believes therefore that war will do her
no great harm except in a financial
way, and may do her immense good.
She holds that the integrity of Chi
na and Korea are worth -fighting for.
particularly as, acording to her view,
one of -them will pass Into Russia's
possession and the annexation of the
other, by Russia be merely postponed
by the acceptance of the present plan
of the '.Czar's Government for the ar
rangement of the present difficulties.
TUe administration 13 not well
pleased with the assurance given to
Secretary Hay by Count Cassini, th»
Russian Embassador. on Monday, that
the "Russian authorities would place
no obstacle in the way of a full en
joyment by the powers having treaties
with China of all rights and privi
leges guaranteed by such treaties In
Manchuria."
This is taken to mean the assump
tion on the part of Rus3ia hereafter
that she is to be sovereign in Manchu
ria, and that idea i3 resented here on
the ground that all power3 which par
ticipated in the suppression of the
Boxer uprising of 1900 are pledged to
respect the territorial integrity of
China. f f -
No other deduction is to be drawn
from the terms of the Japanese re
sponse communicated to Russia to-day
than that, unless the modifications sug
gested be made, Japan will go to war.
While not an ultimatum, the Japanese
note makes it clear that the negotia
tions cannot be prdlonged unless Rus
sia offer concessions.
The position assumed by Japan is
that she must refuse to accept the Rus
sian proposal that a neutral zone em
bracing nearly one-third^ of Korea be
established, and must insist on the
maintenance of territorial integrity of
both China and Korea, although will
ing to recognize Russia's special inter
ests in Manchuria in return for ths
recognition by Russia of Japan's spe
cial interests in Korea.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 14.— Japan's re
ply to Russia is couched in terms that
make practically certain its rejection.
The reply is so worded as to indicate
that it is the last step Japan will take
toward a peaceful solution of her dis
pute with Russia. ' Unless Russia back
down ignomlniously, diplomatic rela
tions will be severed on the receipt of
Russia's answer. This Is the informa
tion that has been conveyed to the
State Department.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Washington Sees
No Chance for
Peace.
Dr. L. •• Bacigalupi
Says Food Was.
Undigested:
Hydrocyanic Acid
Hid in Trunk of
Soeder.
COLOMBIAN
TROOPS ARE
ADVANCING
HOUR OF MURDER OF JOSEPH BLAISE
DEFINITELY FIXED BY EXAMINATION OF
CONTENTS OF DEAD MAN'S STOMACH
War Certain Un
less the Czar
Yields.
WASHINGTON, Jan.
14. — -Japan is deter
mined to fight for
her contentions in regard to
affairs in the Far East, and
Russia will not yield an inch
from the stand she took in
her last note.
This was the information
conveyed to the State De
partment to-day through of
ficial channels, and no hope
is held in administration cir
cles that war can be, averted.
The State Department is
fully advised as to what
Japan insists upoir and what
she intends to do if her op
ponent is obdurate.
That the efforts which
England, France and Ger
many are making — or pre
paring to^ make — to induce
Japan not to engage in hos
tilities will come to nothing
the department knows to be
a fact. Modification of Rus
sian attitude is the only
thing that will insure a con
tinuance of peace.
Takahira, the Japanese
Minister, had a long talk to
day with Secretary Hay, to
whom he explained fully the
attitude of his Government
and what it intended to do if
Russia remained impervious
to Japan's suggestions. Tak
ahira left with Hay a
statement of the terms of
the last Russian note and
the Japanese response there
to, which, Hay was in
formed, was transmitted to
the Russian Government
this morning.
Japan in this communica
tion * declines to make any
further concessions, and sug
gests modification in the
Russian proposals, which she
regards as absolutely neces
sary to the safeguarding of
her interests in both Man
churia and Korea.
RUSSIA MUST COMPLY WITH JAPANS TERMS OR FIGHT,
IS THE DEFIANCE HURLED BY GOVERNMENT AT TOKIO
VOLUME XCV— NO. 40.
TH2 WSATSEB.
Fercc»:t rtr.5o-fct C*a Praa
cisco lor thirty hours ea&lasr
r-.idairht. Zaaxajry IS: ,
' Can Trasclsco and vlclalty —
Clcaiy Friday: possibly lfcrht
rain by nUrht; light easterly
iritis, chanclsg to f recli ssatS.
easterly. A; O. IIcAOIZ,
Oletrict Forecaster.
[ Continued . on P*ue . 3. Column ¦ 2.
— » - TIES • YXEATZX9. ;^ -V-
Alcazar — "The Moth as a .- tfc«
Pleme." \ \-\
California—"* Vrlp\to ; Cnln*i
¦term." V V *• ' %
Central — "The Mdcn«hln«rs>
risebcr'a — M Th« Be»nty Sliop.**
Grand — "Zn Convict 'Stripes."
tyrfc HaU — Barton Holmes.
Orpheum— V*ndavlI3e. .
Th« Ciutes — Vauderille.
Tlvoll Overa-Honse — "When
Johnny Comet Marching
Home." *
Columbia — "Uri. Deerlnsr's Sl-
Tcrce."
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, ; FRIDAY; JANUARY 15, 1904.
The San Francisco Call.To Cure a Cold in' One Day.
Take Itaxatlve Bromo Quinine Tablets. 'All
riruKRlFte refund the money if it foils to cure.
E. \V. Grove's signature is on each box. 25c. •
Storm Is Raging; on Belgian Coast.
BRUSSELS, Jan. 14. — A terrible
Ktorm is. raging oiv the Belgian, coast.
Much, havoc, has. been wrought, both
on land and sea. '
M Inisler of Land Revenue Resiffns.
OTTAWA, Ontario. . Jan. 1 4.-f M. E.
Bettiner, : Minister ' of ;"• Land , Revenue;
has resigned-' ' He will be succeeded
by.. L. P. " Brodur, Speaker, of the
House of. Commons. P. R. Emerson.
M. P., will be sworn in as Minister of
Railways "to-morrow.
SALONICA. Macedonia, Jan. 14. — A
Turkish powder magazine. in the Ku
manova district, sixteen miles from
TJskub, has been blown up by Bulga
rians." Thirty Turks * were killed. A
sharp ; engagement is reported to have
occurred near Dinmshirassir, ' forty
flve miles from Salonica.'
Explosion Kills Thirty Turks.
To Investigate Kxpulsion of Priest
PARIS, Jan. 14. — In the Chamber
of Deputies to-day M. Desessart inter
pellated the Government on the sub
ject of the expulsion from French ter
ritory of the Alsatian priest. Father
Xicolaus Delsor, a member of the
German. Reichstag. Premier Combes
nsked for time in which to obtain in
formation concerning the case. The
request was granted after a somewhat
heated debate. .
REDDING. Jan. 14.— Koy McGorsh
tried to lead a cow to-Cay-and tied the
rope round his waist. The animal ran
and dragged the boy several hundred
yards 'through brush and. over stumps
and boulders. When rescued he was
found to* have a badly gashed head, a
broken arm and numerous bruises. His
condition is serious. ' .
Runaway Cow Drags a Boy.
DALLAS. Tex., Jan. 14.— Word has
been received from Roby, Tex., that
Colonel MIllsop, one of the most prom
inent cattle men of Western Texas, was
assassinated to-night by some un
known man. who fired through a win
dow of the Lacy Hotel and riddled his
body with buckshot. The assassin es
caped.
Cattle 3Ian Is Assassinated.
The act prohibiting the importation
of all silver coin which is not upon a
gold basis became a law to-day, and
the members of the commission were
loudly cheered for the promptitude in
meeting the demands of the mercan
tile classes in this respect. Action
upon the supplemental act providing
for a tax upon all written contracts
made payable in home or foreign coin
not upon a sold basis has been post
poned for a week.'
The Government has decided to file
additional charges against W. D. Bal
lrntine, former inspector at this port,
and John T. Miller, a former inspector
of Immigration, both of whom were re
cently acquitted of a charge of con
spiracy to import Chinese coolies into
the Philippines disguised as merchants
and on false certificates.
MANILA. Jan. 14. — George Herman,
at one time chief inspector of con
stabulary, who, in company with C. J.
Johnson, co'nstabulary supply officer,
when both were stationed at Misamis,
Mindanao, robbed the Government and
then started on a vessel they stole,. has
escaped from confinement at Cebu and
is still at large. When Herman was
finally captured off Bayanan Johnson
was found dead in the abandoned boat,
having been shot the day before by
constables in a fight during which Her
man shot and killed four men, escap
ing for the time being.
Disgraced Inspector of Con
stabulary, Who Was Confined
at Cebu, 3Ianages to Get Away
HERMAN BREAKS
OUT OF PRISON
A girl's idea of how to keep her feet
warm is to wear a fur boa, a picture
hat or a pearl necklace. •
Five hours after it was thought the
danger had passed a clerk In a drug
store opened a door in the sidewalk
In front of his place of business, and
was met by a sheet of flame. During
the firet fire sparks had dropped under
the sidewalk and had smoldered for
hours, bursting into a. blaze when the
door was opened.
A high Wind was blowing, arid the fire
soon- spread from the drugstore to
other buildings. The efforts made to
stop the fire* were fruitless, and not
until three blocks in the business part
were burned out and a block and a
half of residences'- consumed did there
come a lull' in the wind and a change
in Its direction. Then there was noth
ing left to be destroyed.
.Havre is a border town and a rail
road junction point and. it has . many
transient hard cases. While the fire
was at Its height some of these men
tried to loot the stores that" were in the
path of the fire. The commanding of
ficer at Fort Assinlbolrie, was asked /or
help and he. sent a company of soldiers
to the town to prevent looting. The
soldiers are. on guard duty to-night. ,
A conservative estimate, places the
loss at $350,000. ..with about $145,000 in
surance. Many people were rendered
homeless, but there was no loss of life.
Offers of assistance have been sent by
other towns in the State.
The principal losses In both fires
were: Frank Chestnut, building and
saloon stock, $10,000, insurance $6000;
Stringfellow Drug Company, $18,000,
insurance $5000; Sykes furniture house,
$14,000, insurance $8000; Montana' Sup
ply Company, $45,000, insurance $21,000;
First .National. Bank, fixtures, $640;
Hotel Havre, $53,000, insurance $22,500;
M. A. Eurback & Son, $10,000, Insur
ance. $8000; Frank W. Sleber, bowling
alley, $5000; ' Havre Wholesale Liquor
.Company, : $20,000, no insurance ; F. 'A.
Buttrey. $26,000; Metropolitan Hotel,
$1000. About a dozen saloons and a
score of private residences were al&o
destroyed. ' . - '.
HELENA, Mont, Jan. 14.— As a re
sult of a fire which started shortly after
midnight Wednesday at Havre, in the
northern part of the State, the entire
business portion of the town has been
wiped out, entajling a financial loss
of 5350.000. The fire started from some
unknown cause in an alley between
a saloon and a business house on the
main business street. In the immedi
ate vicinity were a number of flimsy
structures. There was an inadequate
water supply, and by daylight, when
the fire was thought to be out, the loss
had reached $60,000, with half that
amount covered by insurance.
MORA. Minn., Jan. 14.— With one end
of a rope tied around the waist and the
other end tied to' a post' imbedded in
the ice. the body of Mrs. J. C. Pope,
v.ife of an attorney, was dragged to
day from Lake Mora. Mrs. Pope had
been a sufferer from insomnia and left
a letter paying that she had deter
mined to end her sufferings.
She had frone out on the Ice to where
an open space had been made by ice
cutters. There she* had tied one end of
a Ions rope to a scantling Imbedded in
tl.f ice and with the other end coiled
securely about the wai.=t had plunged
Into the lake. Mrs. Pope was a society
leader in Mora.
Leaves a Letter Announcing That She
Had Decided That Death Was
Preferable to Sickness.
SUFFERER FROM IXSOMXIA " - !
DROWNS HERSELF' IX LAKE
HUNTINGTON, W. Va., Jan. 14.—
Because a Baltimore newspaper had
adversely criticized his writings Pro
fessor Lyman Elliott Smith of Mays
Lick shot and killed himself last night
at Glenwood Inn, Kenova. He said he
had devoted his life to the study of
literature and that he could not endure
criticism which he deemed cruel and
unfa"lr.
Criticism Prompts a Suicide.
Entire Business Section of
Havre in Northern Part of
Montana Is Deduced to Ashes
FLAMES SWEEP
THROUGH TOWN
During' the funeral the different or
ganizations of military veterans and
civic bodies were formed outside the
church. Five thousand men were in
line. The services at the cemetery
were simple, consisting of a salute by
companies and the sounding of "taps."
The body was placed in a* vault.
MIDDLESBORO. Ky., Jan. 14.— By
request of Major J. W. Campbell,.com
manding, every Confederate Veteran,
every. Son. of. Veteran and every
Daughter of the Confederacy In Bell
County ceased work and. bowed head
at 10 o'clock this morning in honor of
General John B. Gordon.-
Following the memorial exercises,
which were concluded at noon, the body
was carried across, the street to the
Central Presbyterian Church, where
the religious services were conducted.
They ..were of the simplest order.
'ATLANTA. Ga.. Jan. 14.— Attended
by military heroes and with the hom
age of his State and the Southland,
General John B. Gordon, soldier, states
man and citizen, and the South's last
great figure of the Civil War, was in
terred in Oakland^, Cemetery to-day.
In the procession that escorted the
body of the famous cavalry leader to
its last resting place was a battalion
of the Sixteenth Infantry. U. S. A.,
Colonel Butler D. Price, now stationed
at Fort McPherson, Ga., and nearly
every • foot of ground traversed by the
long line of troops and carriages on
its way from the church to Oakland
Cemetery was of the highest historic
interest.
¦ The memorial exercises, which were
conducted at the State Capitol, were
attended by thousands. A salute of
seventeen guns was fired during the
day, the courts and schools were closed,
and many of the business places sus
pended during the hours of the fu
neral. The memorial exercises were
begun at 10 o'clock and were presided
over by Governor Terrell.. Among the
speakers were General Stephen D. Lee,
commander in chief of the, U. C. V.;
General Clement A.'Evans,;command
er of the Department of Tennessee, U.
C. V.: Governor Howard of South
Carolina, Governor Jennings of Flor
ida, General Bennett E. Young of Ken
tucky and John Temple Grave of Geor
gia.- ,
A bullet wound In the head from a
32-caIlber pistol indicated that a mur
der had been committed. A bullet had
entered the left temple and was cut
out over the risht ' eye. Doctors de
clared that death must have been in
stantaneous.
URIAH, Jan. 14.— The body of Alex
Shuhart was found In the Gualala Riv
er last Sunday by Deputy Sneriff Rob
inson of Point Arena. Officers here say
it is a plain case of murder.
Shuhart had ridden over from
Healdsburg and sold his horse and sad
dle in Point Arena. He had lost his
money at cards and had had a quarrel.
He had cut a stick, and when found
was standing upright in the water with
the stick grasped in one hand. His
pistol was in his pocket, but showed
no sign of having been recently dis
charged. It contained no empty shells.
Heroes of Civil War and Dis
tinguished Citizens Attend
Funeral of I General Gordon
Mendocino County Officers Are
Mystified by the Discovery
of a Corpse in a Eiver
WOUND TELLS
OF A MURDER
RENO, New, Jan. 14. — Lost for tw<5
days in a blinding snowstorm in the
high Sjierra, in ; Siskiyou County was
the thrillinar experience of ttfo 1 young
ladies of Red Bluff. Cal., early this
week. Had it not been for a party
of Western Pacific surveyors, who
found them on the second day of their
wanderings, they would probably have
perished.
The Misses Guam, one of whom Is
a school teacher in Red Bluff, drove
from the latter town into the wilds
of Siskiyou Mountains, where they
took up a couple of timber claims.
They then started for Susanville to
register the claims. As they proceed
ed it began snowing:. The night was
spent in a narrow defile and next
morning they were rescued and
brought to Reno, whence they were
sent to Red Bluff.
Residents of Red Bluff Lose the Trails
in tlie Snow, but Are #
x Rescued.
TWO WOMEN WAXDER
ASTRAY IX A STORM
Governor Cummins FavorstReciproeity
DES MOINES, Iowa. Jan. 14-—Uen
eral Albert B. Cummins was to-day In
augurated Governor of Iowa for the
second time. In hia inaugural address
Governor Cummins was outspoken in
his advocacy of reciprocity.
ST. LOUIS, Jan. 14. — The Star, an
influential afternoon paper, hitherto
an .ardent champion of President
Roosevelt, to-day flopped, to Senator
Hanna. In an editorial it says there is
a feeling among the thoughtful, con
servative people of the country that
Mr. Roosevelt, on acount of his im
petuous nature, is not entirely safe for
the position of chief executive of this
nation.
Deserts Roosevelt for Hanna.
SOOTH MOURNS
FAMED SOLDIER
PORTLAND, Or., Jan. 14.— Mme.
Patti was virtually ordered out of the
Portland Hotel in this, city to-day.
Manager Bowers curtly told Marcus
Mayer, Patti's business manager, that
if he was not satisfied with the accom
modations the whole party could get
out.
The order was hurled at Mr. Mayer,
who is an ofd-time friend of Manager
Bowers' mother, a Baltimore actress,
and was vigorously resented by him.
Twelve rooms had been engaged for
the Pattl party, but on their arrival
it was found that most of the rooms
had- been rented to delegates of the
National Livestock Association now in
session here. The Baroness and Baron
and madame's two companions were
accommodated. Then it was learned
by Mme. Pattl that, her two friends
were compelled to occupy the same
,rocmn and be greatly inconvenienced in
many ways. She vigorously protested
to Mr. Mayer, who went to Bowers with
the complaint. .
The hotel man was not in the best
of temper. Hot words were exchanged,
and Mayer threatened to clean up the
office floor with Bowers.
"If you don't like what I give you in
the way of accommodations, Patti and
her whole party - can get out," said*
Bowers.
Baron Cederstrom and Mr. Mayer
were both for going to the private car
at once, for hotel accommodation was
not to be had. But Mme. Patti did
not wish to do this, as the car Is too
crowded to dress in conveniently and
was in a remote district of .the city.
So they were compelled to remain at
the Portland uhtll after dinner this
evening. .- >. ¦•-. ' . . <
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The assertion Is made that, this six
months' clause has already been vio
lated and that it will be impossible now
for the call to be Issued six months
before the national convention, as the
convention will meet on June 21.
It 'is believed here that a sub-com
mittee of the national committee is
looking up precedents which will per
mit the national committee to issue a
call providing that all delegates in each
State shall be elected at the State con
vention instead of the delegates at
large being elected at the State con
vention and district delegates being
selected by Congressional districts.
The aim of the Republicans who are
now opposing President Roosevelt in
the absence of having any candidate
to run against him Is to have as many
delegates as possible uninstructed.
That is what Senator Hanna's friends
in Ohio have been working for, and the
TIME LIMIT HAS EXPIRED.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 a STREET. N.
W.,; WASHINGTON. Jan. 14.— That In
teresting question: "Will Hanna fish or
cut bait?" has'been quite overshadowed
here to-day by the discussion of the
delay in the issuance of the call for
the Republican National Convention
and Senator Hanna's purpose In per
mitting the delay.
It ia believed here the delay Is due
to a contemplated new departure In
the manner of electing delegates, which
may have a very Important bearing on
President Roosevelt's future and the
control of the national convention. The
national committee. In. its call, defines
the manner in which delegates shall be
elected and the time when primaries
and conventions shall be held. Usually
delegates at large are directed to be
chosen In the manner of State official"*
and two delegates from each Congres
sional district are elected in the man
ner in which Representatives in Con
gress are placed in nomination. It Is
one of the rules of the Republican na
tional committee, that the call shall be
issued six . month's in advance of the
holding of the convention and that the
last delegate shall be elected forty days
prior to the assembling of the conven
tion. • .
news came from Indiana to-day that
prominent Republicans in the Hoosier
State would seek to have its delegates
uninstructed.
It Is surmised that the anti-Rooss
velt Republicans might be able to con
trol the State conventions in Ohio, Illi
nois and Indiana and send all dele
gates without instj-uctions. whereas it
would be almost impossible to prevent
Instructions in any very large number
of Congressional districts.
WOULD STIR UP OPPOSITION.
If tfie national committee should is
sue a call providing for the election
of all delegates by State conventions
it would be opposed by the friends of
President Roosevelt with great vigor,
but the chairman o{ the national com
mittee is the court of last resort, and
it Is doubtful if their protests would
do much good.
Senator Hanna's friends say he Is
being much maligned and that whpn
all the facts" are known it will have
been discovered- that he has been act-
Ing for the best interests of the Repub
lican party. A Senatorial friend of
Hanna said to-day that he believed
Senator Hanna's only reason for with
holding the call was that he, in com
mon with other patriotic RepubHcans,
wished to be thoroughly convinced that
Mr. Roosevelt was the atrongest can
didate.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Patti's Visit to Port
land Causes a
' Tempest.
One of the most Important pieces of
evidence in the possession of the po
lice, which has been kept absolutely
secret by them, even to the point of
denial, was found -in ' Soeder's trunk
last Tuesday afternoon. The police
learned that before going to ; Germany
Soeder had left a trunk at the home
The police now give credence to the
theory- that if Blaise had any money
when he left his home in Germany
he turned his funds over to Soeder to
take care of and disburse. Blaise could
not speak English, he was not familiar
with* American coinage, and it is now
thought that when the \ pockets of
Blaise were turned inside out by his
murderer it was done for the purpose
of making the crime look like one with
robbery as its motive.
Miss Annie Meiers, the young woman
who .met Soeder and Blaise on the
steamer La Touraine when they were
coming from Germany, when ques
tioned yesterday as to whether Blaise
had a watch, jewelry or money in his
possession since the. time she met him
up to the. day 'of his last visit to her
uncle's place at 4803 Mission street,
said: "I never noticed whether Blaise
had a watch. I do not think that he
did, for I never saw it. Neither did
he have any Jewelry that he wore. I
do not know how much money he had,
or whether he had any, never, having
been in a position to ascertain this."
In the rest df the conversation Mis?
Meiers'. merely told .of the .frequent
visits of Blaise and Soeder to her un
cle's home and of Soeder's appearing
twice at their house on the day the
dead man's body was found. She was
unable to give anything new that would
be of interest to the police in the gath
ering of. evidence against Soeder.
FIXD POISON IX TRUNK.
At the Mexican restaurant, 721' Broad
way, where Soeder and Blaise always
had dinner, the proprietor and the at
taches state positively that Soeder paid
for the meals and that Blaise was never
see'n to display any money.
A RUSE OF THE MURDERER.
THOUGHT BLAISE PENNILESS.
"I have been at home for the last
three weeks, painting and papering
rooms, and had a good opportunity of
observing the two men. I remarked
to my wife one day that I did not be
lieve that Blaise had a single cent
and that he seemed dependent on Soe
der for his living. Blaise did not, as
far as I saw, have a watch or any.
Jewelry. The first time Soeder ever
said anything to me about Blaise hav
ing money was last Monday morning,
when he reported to my wife and my
self that Blaise had been away all
night. He told us that Blaise had $90
in his pocket the previous night."
Another significant point on which
Soeder is flatly contradicted Is his
statement made last Monday morning
to his landlord, Niblaus, that he feared
harm had come to Blaise, who he as
serted had considerable money on his
person when he went out, as alleged,
on the Sunday evening.
Mr. and Mrs. Niblaus stated yester
day that they had never seen Blaise
display a single penny, and that all
bills were paid by Soeder.
"When Soeder and Blaise came to our
house." said Niblaus, "Soeder paid for
the room. The rent was $3 50 each
week. The second week Soeder came
to me and said he was short of money
and could not pay the rent, and I told
him not to worry but to take his time.
Soeder paid for everything that they
used. If they had some beer, or cheese,
or cakes, Soeder always took money
from his pocket and gave it to Blaise
and sent him to the corner grocery. I
felt sure that Blaise did not have any
money, for some days when Soeder
would remain away all day Blaise
would stay in the room and eat up any
provisions they had on hand.
"I always fill the lamps in the house
every morning," said Mr§. Niblaus.
"The lamp in the room which Soeder
and Blaise occupied was used but very
little last Sunday evening. I filled the
lamp on Sunday morning, and if Soe
der was in his room, as he claims, all
Sunday evening the bulk of the oil
must have been burned. When I at
tended to the lamp on Monday morn
ing I found it was nearly filled with
oil and I could only po-ur a small quan
tity Into it.
"I am positively certain that no one
was in Soeder's room last Sunday night
when my husband and myself retired.
Our' sleeping room v is next to the one
occupied by Soeder and Blaise. We
heard no sound in their room and there
was no sign of a light."
IiAMP WAS BUT LITTLE USED.
of giving him chloroform'."-
Soeder claims that he arrived at his
room on Jackson street about half-past
6 last Sunday evening and that Blaise
went out for a walk about fifteen min
utes later, and that he (Soeder) re
mained in the room until Monday
morning.
Against this statement of Soeder's is
the positive assertion of the proprietor
and employes of the Mexican restau
rant at 721 Broadway that, Soeder and
Blaise did not leave the restaurant un
til 7:30 p. m.
Not alone Is Soeder contradicted in
his statement that pe returned to his
room at 5:30 last Sunday evening, but
proof was forthcoming yesterday to
show that he did not spend the evening
in h!s lodgings.
Mrs. J. Niblaus, landlady at 827 Jack
eon street, stated yesterday that not
only is she positive thr Soeder was not
in his own room when she retired last
Sunday night at 10:30, but that she had
proof on Monday morning that^ the
room could have been used but for
a short time on Sunday night last.
"To chloroform a person, that person
has to be cognizant of the fact that he
is being given an anesthetic, or be in
such a condition as to not know that
he is b*fng placed under the influence
of a drug. If Blaise was in such a con
dition, what would have' Leen the use
not b" evo that the man was given
any drug, and if he was it must have
been a hypnotic of especially slow "ac
tion. '_he man could not have been
given chloral or knockout drops at his
meal because the drug would have
rendered him unconscious before he
could have reached the lonely spot on
the side of Russian Hill. The way to
the cut in the hill where the dead body
was found is so steep that it would
have been utterly impossible to have
dragged an unconscious man to the
place where Blaise was found mur
dered.
The writ was served on Chief Witt
man last evening and he will produce
Soeder in court as ordered. The state
ment was made last night by the po
lice that before Soeder is brought into
court this afternoon a charge of mur
der will be placed against him.
The detectives working on the case
visited Soeder's room yesterday and
conveyed all his property and that of
Blaise to the Hall of Justice, including
two large butcher knives and a meat
saw, which Soeder had used in his oc
cupation as a cook.
Strange to say, the officers left be
hind them a dark blue overcoat, the
property of Soeder. A careful exam
ination of this overcoat made last even
ing showed that it was slightly specked
with red soil,. similar to that which is
tor be foundjat th^foot of Russian Hill,
where Blaise was; murdered.
The statement of ..Miss Catherine
Flatley that Soeder desired to marry
her and recently informed her that he
expected to receive $7000 from Germany,
which was published exclusively^n The
Call yesterday, is regarded by uie po
lice as another important link in the
chain of evidence against the. suspect
ed man. Chief Wittman was so im
pressed by the statement made to him
last Wednesday by Miss Flatley that
he instructed the detectives working on
the case to thoroughly interview her
and secure further information, at the
same time binding her to secrecy.
The attorneys for Soeder, Salomon
& Campbell, yesterday applied for . a
writ of habeas corpus from Judge Car r
roll Cook, who informed them that his
calendar would not permit of a hearing
for a few days. The attorneys then
went to Presiding Judge Kerrigan, who
issued the writ on behalf of Soeder,
making it returnable before Judge
Frank Dunne at 2 o'clock this after
noon.
SEEK HABEAS 'CORPUS WRIT.
of Miss GeralBineFlatley, 300 Marshall
street.
Three days before Blaise was mur
dered, Soeder went with an expressman
named Carter to Miss Flatley's home.
He asked for and was given the trunk
and conveyed it to the Five Mile House
at 4280 Mission • street, kept - by Michael
Risso. Soeder told Risso that he de
sired to leave the. trunk and might call
for it in three or four days. If he did
not call for the trunk, Soeder informed
Ripso that, he- might -destroy it.
-On Tuesday last the trunk was
traced and located by the detectives
and was taken to the Hall of Justice,
where it was opened. In it the de
tectives were startled to find two bot
tles of hydrocyanic acid. There was
nothing in the trunk but an old pair
of shoes. Hydrocyanic acid is the
most deadly poison known to science.
When it is considered that one drop
of ¦ hydrocyanic acid is an instantly
fatal dose, the possession of the deadly
poison in a large quantity by Soeder is
looked upon by the police as the most
Important evidence so far obtained by
them. Soeder also had a bottle of
chloroform and one of carbolic acid in
his room on Jackson street. They nvere
found there Monday last by Detective
Gibson./'
Continued From Page 1, Column 4.
Republican Leaders Find Food 'for Much Dis
cussion in the Delayed Issuance of a
"Summons for the National Convention
FLAMES SWEEP
THROUGH TOWN
HA NNA HOLDS CENTER
OF POLITICAL STAGE
CHAIN OF EVIDENCE TO
WARRANT MURDER CHARGE
AGAINST LEON S. SOEDER
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL'.. FRIDAY, JANUARY 15, 1904.
2
ADVEETISEMENTS.
Chas. Keilus & Co.
E x c 1 u . s i v e
High-Grade Clothiers
No Branch Stores. No Agents.
Properly Balanced And
Correctly Styled Are
Prominent Features That
Hark Our Clothes. The
Brainiest Besignsrs Do
the Thinking For. Us.
We Fit With Science.
K c a r n y ~ ? . . „ t;
T h u r 3 o w B3 © c kj
DR. KILMEB'S SWAMP-ROOT. '
TlSlBlMilir"""
TROUBLE H DOIT KNOW IT
STTi^Tf ' 1 1 fjS] \^"^
\ i in i V I- finiTTH-nrni \i^r— -iL2I_l_^
9 j ': * .:: ¦'¦¦¦.It • !';> t t I l| j ¦ I ¦;;;-. : \ I : : . £V.£. ¦ ¦ > -• f "**&* .-I' '"".C
iiii^r::;^'*:^^:-" 1 ;::-:::-^^?'-/^.:;:!;;:;..": 1 ;';'"^ : : ;^- ;:^ : ::;::::::::::::;:;i- -T^!S*ii*T: ; *:rIL : ::: : :i : : '.'!^'f^ijrv^»,ijil jjl
To Prove what Swamp-Root, the Great Kidney. Remedy,
Will Do for YOU, Every Reader of "The Call" May
Have a Sample Bottle Sent Free by Mail.
Weak and unhealthy kidneys are responsible for more sickness
and suffering than any other disease -therefore, when, through
neglect or other causes, kidney trouble is permitted to continue,
fatal results arc sure to follow.
Your other organs may need attention — but your kidneys most,
because they do most and need attention first. '
If you arc sick o^ "feel badly," begin taking Dr. Kilmer's
Swamp-Root, the great kidney, liver and bladder remedy, because
as soon as your kidneys begin to get better they will help all the
other organs to health. A trial will convince any one.
The mild and immediate effect of Dr. brickdust or sediment in the urine.
Kilmer's Swamp-Root, the ereat kidnev headache, backache, lame back, dizzi-
and bladder remedy, is soon realized. It ness, sleeplessness, nervousness, heart
stands the highest for its wonderful disturbance due to bad kidnev trouble,
cures of the most distressing cases, skin eruptions from bad blood, neural-
S-.vamp-Root will set your whole svs- gia, rheumatism, diabetes, bloatintr. ir-
tem right, and the best proof of this ritability. worn-out feelinu. lack of am-
is a trial. bition, loss of flesh, sallow complexion.
u east 120TH ST.. new tork citt. O r Bricht's disease
l>ar Sir: Oct. lit. 1903. Tf \ .. V..'«
"I had been suffering severely from kidney " V'OUr water. When allowed to Te-
troubi?. aii rymmoms were on band; m- main undisturbed in a trlass or bottle for
loriner utrenpth and power had left me- I . . r u r j-
cou:a hardly drag myself aionr. Kvea my twenty-four hours, forms a sediment or
mental capacity was giving out. and often i settling or has a cloudy appearance, it
wished to die. It wbs then I saw an advertise- ;,; -..;. ,, nr . that vnnr Iririrtpvc anri
raer.t of yocri In a New Tork paper, but would [ S . e \ iaencc \ nzl > our . KldncjS and
not have paid any attention to it had n not bladder need immediate attention.
promised » sworn guarantee with every bottle Swamn-Root is the preat rikrnverv of
at your inr-dtcine. aivertine that your Swamp- T .v| P - OOt 1S l . Rreat ulSCO\eryot
Root is purely vegetable and does not contain D r - Kilmer, the eminent kidney and
bidder specialist. ¦ Hospitals use it
can recommend Swamp-Root to all sufferers Wlt " WOndcrlul success in both sheht
from kidney troubles. Four memben of my | and severe cases. Doctors recommend
2&t ta «aiTd»SX. 8 ™ I Sri£riS * to patients and use it in their
rcFuH*." own families, jbecause they recognize
wsth many t^anv.^o^you. i remain. in Swamp-Root the greatest and. most
hob'eut berxer. successful remedy.
You may have a sample bottle of this Swamp-Root is pleasant to take and
famous kidney remedy. Swamp-Root, is for sale at drug stores the world
sent free by mail, post-paid, by which over in bottles of two sizes and two
you may test its virtues for suclf dis- prices — fifty cents and one dollar. Re-
orders as kidney, bladder' and uric acid member the name. Swamp- Root, Dr.
diseases, poor digestion, being obliged Kilmer's Swamp-Root, and the ad-
to pass your water frequently nisrht and dress Binghamton, N. Y.,' on every
day, smarting or irritation in passing. I :bottle, - > '
EDITORIAL NOTICE— If you.' have the slightest symptoms of kid-
r.ey or bladder trouble, or if there is a trace of it in your family history, send
at once to Dr. Kilmer. & Co.. Binghamton, -N.-Y;. who will gladly send you
by mail, immediately, without cost to you. a sample bottle of Swamp-Root
artd a book containing many of the" thousands upon thousands of testimonial
letters received from men and- women cured. In writing, be sure to say that
you read this generous offer in 'the San Francisco Daily Call. '
COTTOLENE.
4^^^' OF COTTOLENE
is securely sealed. There's no chance
f-r for the product to absorb the odor of things
jf- that surround it in the °jwery store, such as cod-
.- W:f fish, kerosene and soap. Lard, on the contrary, usu-
MM ally comes in bulk and is subject to all these odors. Stop *
MM ' to think of this and you'll never use another pound of lard % %
Ml in your home, j&tnw _«ft inn *• Sw«r; Uea *"?>•« ;\V •
B m " I Scffco JCBT DM~l9OCB N7 DC % 4
M S Cottolene comes in three sizes of pails— small, medium, large— branded 11
MM as shown here — the pail in white with red label and band. In the cen- 1 1
if ter of tha label is our trade-mark— a steer*s head in cotton plant wreath, 1 1
I ¦ All good grocers sell Cottolene — the perfect shortening. 1 1Rabbi Nieto will lecture this even
ing at 8 o'clock at Synagogue Sherlth
Israel, corner of Post and Taylor
streets. Subject, "What Is Good
ness?". -...¦¦ ¦ ¦
Rabbi Xicto to Lecture.
S/.r: DIEGO, Jan. 14.— Articles of in
corporation of the San Diego-Easten
P^ilway Company have been filed with
a capital of $10,000,000; stock sub
scribed, 5222,000. The "irectors are G.
\V. llarston.-U. S. Grant, H. P. Wood,
C. N. Clark. L. L. Boone, F. S. Jen
nings, John E. Boal, H. H. Peters, G.
W. Fishburn, C. W. French and A. A.
Purman. The incorporation Is the re
sult of the coalescence of the old San
Diego-Eastern and the recently created
Bay. Shore Terminal Company. The
object is the construction af railroad
222 miles to Yuma. I: is understood
that work of construction will be begun
&s soon as survey is completed.
San Diego Railroad Incorporates.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 14. — Admiral
Coghlan cabled the Navy Department
to-day as follows:
"Report of appearance of Colom
bian force between Colon and
Chiriqui lagoon due to men now In
that vicinity who belonged to Colom
bian forces who would not join Pan
ama men, but took to the mountains
behind David and are now -unor
ganized marauders. There were orig
inally 200 men: some unarmed have
been seen about Santa Fe and Coolet
River committing depredations."
MARAUDERS ON' BORDER.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 14.— Unless
Congress enacts legislation removing
the export duty on Manila hemp
shipped from the Philippines to coun
tries other than the United States
France threatens to impose a counter
vailing duty on hemp products import
ed from this country.
At the Instance of his Government,
which has been appealed to by various
commercial bodies, " Embassador Jusse
rand to-day called on Colonel Edwards,
chief of the bureau of Insular affairs,
and made representations to him re
specting the export duty levied In the
Philippines. The Governments of
Great Britain, France, Germany, Italy,
Belgium and The Netherlands/ have
submitted protests to the State Depart
ment against what they charge to be
an unjust discrimination in favor of
the United States on Manila hemp and
fiber. Recently the entire correspond
ence was transmitted to the Senate by
Acting Secretary, of State Loomls, al
though the protests of Great Britain,
Germany and Italy date back to 1902.
It is asserted that the "open door"
policy with respect to the Philippines
trade, as covered by the Paris treaty
of peace, guaranteed equal treatment
from a commercial standpoint to all
nations trading with those islands.
Papal Appointments Are Announced
ROME, Jan. 14. — The transfer of
Monsignor Dibolamonte, the papal
nuncio at Brussels, to Vienna and the
sppointment of Monsignor Caputo as
papal nuncio to Bavaria were official
ly announced to-day.
Special Dispatch to The Call
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 14.— Governor
Pardee to-night conducted a trial be
fore the City Board of Health against
R. E. Chapman, city plun. ,ing rr.spect
or, on a charge of incorr.petency, be
cause that official failed to find the
source of an offensive smell of sewer
gas that existed ih the Governor's
mansion for several week- after it was
occupied by the Governor and l.:s fam
ilyi
Chapman said the smell was caused
by the presence of bats in the house,
but an expert plumber from Oakland,
employed by the Governor, soon dis
covered a broken sewer pipe under the
floor of the basement, which was dis
charging fllth.
Governor Pardee readaffldavits :rom
his wife and other members of his fam
ily which told of the presence of the
odor, and of the failure of Chapman to
locate the same. Edv.-ard Pierce and
Plumber Moore of Oakland testi
fied for the Governor. J. Trank Jrown.
the attorney for Chapman, put several
plumbers on the stand, who swore to
the competency of Chapman.
In arguing his case. Governor Pardee
said that it was his opinion as a physi
cian that Chapman was totally un
fitted for the position and that the lives
of his (Pardee's) family had been im
periled by his lncompetency. The Board
of Health took the matter under ad
visement and will decide Chapman's
fate at an executive mt .ting to be held
to-morrow night.
OP INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Gross Receipts of the San Francisco
Postofllc for the Month of Decem
ber Show a Ijarse Increase.
"WASHINGTON, Jan. 14.— The sum
mer postofflce at Hermosa Beach, Los
Angeles County, California,, will open
February 1.
Postofllces established: Oregon-
Wonder, Josephine County, John T.
Robertson, postmaster. "Washington-
Three Lakes, Snohomish County, H. O.
Guhr, postmaster.'
Postmasters commissioned: Califor
nia—Annie "W. Ludwlg, Gwin Mine,
Calaveras County; Earl A. Chaffee,
Elmdale, Stanislaus County. Washing
ton—A. Edwards, Lisabuela, King
County.
Fourth-class postmasters appointed:
California— J. A. Lewis, Loa Nletos.
Los Angeles County, vice John F.
Evey, resigned; , G. E. Cross, Puente,
Los Angeles County, vice G. W. Cald
well, resigned. Oregon— Herbert Rose,
Denio, Harvey County, .vice A. Denlo,
resigned.
The gross receipts of the San Fran
cisco postofflce for December, 1903,
were $144,585, against $133,671 for De
cember, 1902.
NEW LONDON, Conn., Jan." 14.— The East
rrn Shipbuilding: Company to-day announced
that: the .launching of the steamer Dakota for
the Gieat Northern Railway's Pacific carry
ing trade* > will take place on ¦ February 6. The
Dakota la a . eister ; ship . to ¦ the ; Minnesota,
u-hir h wan launched last serin*.
Driven?" Strike Is Renewed
CHICAGO. Jan. 14. — The strike of
livery drivers began anew to-day after
a truce of fifteen days, following the
Iroquois fire. To avoid the distressing
interference with the burial of the
dead witnessed at the beginning of the
E-trike, a modification of the strike or
der was made and hearses manned by
union drivers were at the disposal of
#>verv llvcrvm.in in the Htv.
Rnllroad Machinists Meet to Organize
TOPEKA, Kans., Jan. 14. — Represen
tatives of the machin.sts' unioi... at
different points on the Santa Fe from
Chicago to California are in Topeka
for the purpose of forming a division
of the National Machinists' Union here.
W. R. Wilson, fourth vice president of
the Machinists' Union, addressed the
machinists to-night and they agreed tc
form the organization.
ASK REMOVAL
OF THE DUTY
The .Cromarthyshire comes from New
castle, Australia, and brings 2200 tons
of coal for a Portland concern. A year
ago to-day Congress suspended for
twelve months the .duty on coal, the
tariff again becoming effective to-night
at midnight. As a result the owners of
the Cromarthyshire's cargo will lose 67
cents duty on every ton in her hold, an
item of $1541. One of the consignees
was here to-day and tried to-night to
get a tug to go out after the ship, but
because of the unfavorable conditions
none would accept the risk.
The Cromarthyshire is the ship that
collided with and sunk the French liner
La Bourgoyne off the coast of New
foundland several years ago and which
caused the loss of nearly 1000 persons.
The ship was afterward wrecked off the
coast of Africa, but her owners sent
out to Africa and had the ship re
paired.
ASTORIA, Or., Jan. 14.— A British
ship, supposed to be the Cromarthy
shlre, arrived off the mouth of the river
at noon to-day, but was unable to get
into port on account of the weather.
Salvador, Guatemala, Nicaragua
and Honduras were preparing, for an
extensive and general mixup, accord-
Ing to the Colon's officers, but in
America's action at Panama they saw
a warning of what might happen if
their fighting disturbed Uncle Sam
and referred their grievances to ar
bitration or forgot them.
It was reported the day before the
Colon sailed that 6000 Colombian sol
diers were within a day's march from
Darian and many miners from that
place had come into Panama fearing
an outbreak at the mines.
The Concord, Marblehead and H.
M. S. Amphion were at Panama and
the Boston and "Wyoming at San
Miguel. The British war vessel
Thearwater sailed from Corinto De
cember 27 for Panama. The Colon
met the cruiser New York off Port
Angel January 4 and on January 5,
north of Acapulco, encountered the
Bennington, Preble and Paul Jones.
The" Colon carried fifty cases of
Remington rifles, with bayonets at
tached, to Salvador for Government
use.
The officers of the steamship Colon,
which arrived yesterday from Pana
ma, say that the isthmian port is al
ready taking on a new appearance
and in a modest way enjoying the ex
citement of a boom. Houses are being
painted, ancient rookeries torn down
to make way for new buildings and
rents have been quadrupled, with a
prospect of rising as the canal nego
tiations progress. Panama is prepar
ing for a rush. The junta is consid
ering the issuance of Panama cur
rency on the same basis as in Peru.
The Government of the new republic
will probably be located at Culebra.
Officers of Steamship Colon Report
Improvements at Isthmian Port.
PANAMA ENJOYS A BOOM.
British Ship, Laden AVith Coal,
Cannot Reach Astoria Be
fore a Law Is Effective
State Executive Appears Be
fore the Board of Health, in
the California State Capital
under any device or excuse, are en
deavoring to defeat the treaty with the
Republic of Panama."
OWNERS DREAD
LOSS ON CARGO
GOVERNOR TELLS
OF SEWER GAS
Continued From Page 1, Column 5.
Th<? Committee on Contested Elec
tions began the examination of the
ballots in the Kahn-Liveraash case
to-day It will be some time before the
result is determined.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 14. — The
House Committee on Elections, No. 1.
to-day continued consideration of the
K'thn-Livernash contested election
case, involving the seat in the House
from the Fourth San Francisco Dis
trict. The ballots cast in the election
are before the committee. The com
mittee unanimous!:* decided the Con
roy-Keliher contested election case
from the Ninth Massachusetts Dis
trict in favor of Keliher. the sitting
member.
Arguments will be heard to-morrow
and the capes brought to a judgment.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 14.— The Inter
state Commerce Commission to-day
heard the final witnesses in the fruit
forwarding cases emanating from the
fruit growers of Southern California,
end which have b«?en pending before
the commission for several years.
The fruit nrrowers charge discrimina
tion and allege the existence of a rail
road pool which compels them to route
their fruit in shipment according to the
mandate of the railroad company re
pardless of the wishes of the grower;
also that the grower is compelled to
use a certain kind of refrigerator car,
the toils for which are excessive.
Committee on Contested Elections Be
gins the Examination of Ballots In
Kahn-IJxernash Contest.
FINAL WITNESSES HEARD
IV FKL'IT GROWERS' CASE
LONDON, Jan. 15.— The Seoul corre
spondent of the Dally Mail says that
the native press is advocating the
slaughter of all foreigners. United
States Minister Allen has ordered
American women and children to re
main indoors and he predicts that riot
ing by the military is imminent. Colin
de Plancy, French Minister, has ad
vised the Emperor to take refuge in the
French legation.
Minister Hayashi received to-day the
text of the Japanese reply to Russia's
last note. It does not contain an ulti
matum, but reiterates Japan's original
demands, with what Baron Hayashl
terms "a modification upon a minor
point." The questions of Chinese sov
ereignty in Manchuria and Japan's
sphere of influence in Korea are rein
sisted upon. Minister Hayashi said:
"So far as I can see the relations of
the two powers regarding the dispute
practically are unchanged. I have no
s
Korean Press Is Advocating Slaughter
of All Aliens.
FOREIGNERS IX DANGER.
Increasing Xewchwang Garrison.
TIENTSIN, Jan. 14. — A telegram to
the railway administration here, re
ceived yesterday from Newchw^ng,
says Russia is increasing the garrison
there. In the next few days 6000
more troops are expected to arrive. .
Japan Orders Virginia Coal.
DETROIT, Mich., Jan. 14. — A De
troit firm owning coal mine! near Nor
folk, Va., has received a rush order
for 40,000 tons of Pocahontas coal for
the Japanese Government.
Governor Denies a Story.
SACRAMENTO. Jan. 14. — Governor
Pardee denies the truth of the story
telegraphed from Washington to the
effect that he was or is opposed to the
big camp at Nacimiento ranch. He
says that all he wrote was one letter
that if the camp had not been in
spected as to sanitary conditions then
the recommendations of the surgeon
general ought to be followed and the
camp inspected.
Bishop Hendrlcks on Ills Way Here.
ROCHESTER, N. Y.. Jan. 14. —
Bishop Thomas A. Hendrlcks left last
night for the Philippine Islands. Those
who are to accompany the Bishop will
meet him In San Francisco. The party
will sail on February 2.
JAPAX EXPECTS STRIFE.
Taking Steps That Indicate Hope of
Peace Is Abandoned.
LONDON, Jan. 15. — The Times' Tokio
correspondent says that notwithstand
ing the continuance of negotiations the
steps that Japan is now taking sug
gest that a peaceful issue of the situ
ation is not. expected. The correspond
ent says it Is believed that an imperial
ordinance appointing Consuls at Muk
den and ' Tatung-kau will be issued
soon.
The Daily Mail's Brussels corre
spondent says*that King Leopold is
The Shanghai correspondent of the
Daily Mail reports the gradual and
extensive movement of Chinese troops
toward Shanhaikwan, in Chili prov
ince, probably with the view of secur
ing the harbor of Chingwantao, on the
Gulf of Liaotung, and the coal mines
thereabouts against Russian seizure.
The Daily Telegraph's Tokio corre
spondent says that the Japanese Gov
ernment, as a part of its programme of
naval extension, has placed a contract
In England for a 16,000-ton battleship.
Troopships Pass Through Bosphorus.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Jan. 14. —
Two large vessels belonging to the
Russian volunteer fleet, carrying
troops, passed through the Bosphorus
to-dav bound for the Far East.
"WASHINGTON, Jan. 14.— The Navy
Department received a cable message
to-day saying that the protected cruis
ers New Orleans, Alabama. Cincinnati
and Raleigh left Guam to-day for
Cavite to Join the rest of AdmlraJ
Evans' fleet.
Wnrsliips Sail Guam.
The London Times to-day prints a
dispatch from its Shanghai correspond
ent announcing that there was a con
tinued deadlock in connection with the
affairs of the Hankow-Canton Railroad.
The Belgians are pressing for exclusive
control of^he northern section and it
has even been suggested that, the en
tire American Interests should be
bought out. The shareholders appar
ently are agreeable to this proposition,
but China declines to sanction any
modification of the contract which
would permit such a solution.
It was announced from Brussels on
December 29 that the United States
and Belgian interests in the Hankow-
Canton Railroad had signed an agree
ment by which these Interests were to
be separated and the railroad divided
into two sections, the -Belgians to con
trol the northern section and the
Americans the southern section. The
board of directors was to be composed
of Belgians and Americans in equal
portions.
The bill, it is explained, is not de
signed to interfere with existing pen
sion legislation, and it provides that no
BOldler or widow receiving a pension
under its provisions shall be entitled
to a pension under any other law.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 14.— There will
be introduced in Congress to-morrow —
In the Senate by Do!!iver of Iowa
»nd in the House by CaJderhead'' of
Kansas — a service pension bili backed
by the Grand Army of the Republic,
which, if er.acted into law, will give a
pension of $12 a month to ever*,' soldier
who served ninety days in the Union
army dm-ing the Civil War and who
was honorably discharged therefrom.
and who has attained the age of 62
years. A like pension will be given
to the widows of such soldiers in all
cases where the marriage took place
before June Z~. 1S90.
Th« introduction of the bill is the
result of the meeting in Washington
of the committee on pensions of the
Grand Army. The committee had an
extended conference with the President
durir.p the day, and the latter assured
it of his entire sympathy in Its under
taking. The Grand Army men also
talked with Pension Commissioner
Ware.
It is asserted by several Senators
who are supporting the nomination of
Brigadier General Leonard Wood to- be
major general that the opposition is
not due to any antagonism of Colonel
Mills, but is a movement consistent
with opposition from Senators to tha
confirmation of General Wood.
The committee passed Mills' nomina
tion with a brief reference, and it is
said it will not be taken up again un
til the contest over Wood's nomination
shall have been settled in the Senats.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 14.— The nom
ination of Colonel Albert L. Mills,
superintendent of the United States
Military Academy, to be a brigadier
general, vice Colonel William iL
Dougherty, to be promoted and re
tired, will meet opposition in the Sen
ate. In the Senate Committee on Mili
tary Affairs to-day objections to a
favorable report upon Colonel Mills'
nomination were made by Senators
Blackburn and Scott.
Prince Louis Napoleon is a major
general in the Russian military service
and commands the cavalry division of
the Caucasus, at Tiflis.
"In case of mobilization," said the
Prince, "my regiment would be one of
the first to start. The whole of the
Russian army is ready. The army
does not desire war, but believes that
it is inevitable. It is due to the Czar
alone that ; hostilities have not already
broken out."
PARIS, Jan. 14.— Prince Louis Na
poleon has informed a friend that he
expects to be called to Russia at once,
adding that war is expected by all.
to His Russian Regiment.
Prince Louis Expects Immediate Call
X.APOLEOX TO COMMAND.
Scope of a Bill to
Be Presented in
Congress.
HONGKONG, Jan. 14.— A riot is re
ported to have occurred on Hankow-
Canton Railroad, about 4000 coolies
participating in the disturbance. The
United States Consul here has tele
graphed to United States Minister Con
ger in Peking.
More Tronble on Chinese Railroad
Owned in Part by Americans.
COOLIES ENGAGE IX RIOT.
Senators Object to
the Advancement
of Mills.
COLOMBIAN TROOPS ADVANCING.
Continued From Pase 1, Column 7.
j
i
]
j
j
j
i
j
|
!
sire and intend to do all in my power
to maintain peace in the Far East."
These words the Czar spoke to the
members of the diplomatic corps at
the New Year's reception held in the
Winter Palace at noon to-day.
The Czar made a leisurely round of
the great white hall, witn its beautiful
colonnades, in which the representa
tives of the various countries had as
sembled. He chatted freely with every
body.
Keen curiosity was exhibited through
out the room when the Czar approached
Kurino. the Japanese Minister to Rus
sia. The conversation between the
Czar and the Minister was cordial and
fxtended. The Czar emphasized the
high value which he placed upon the
good and neighborly relations between
Japan and Russia, not only now. but
in th? future, and expressed his un
shaken hone that a mutually sat'.s
factory settlement of the difficulties be
tween the two countries would be ar
ranged.
It having become known that Count
Casslni had been^instructed to assure
the United States that Russia wouid
not Interpose objections to the com
mercial treaty between China and the
United States or impede American
rights or interests in Manchuria, the
Czar referred to these instructions in
a lengthy conversation with Embas
sador McCormick and laid much stress
on his desire that Russia and the
United States should live on the terms
of intimate and cordial friendship
which had existed for so many years
and which he especially wished to
maintain. He emphatically disclaimed
the slightest inclination to hinder the
development of American commerce.
Embassador McCormJck inquired con
cerning the Czarina and learned that
her recovery was proceeding and that
no concern was felt regardfng her con
dition.
Kurino, the Japanese Minister, in
forms the press that the Japanese re
ply had been handed to Baron de
Rosen, the Russian Minister at Tokio,
and that he fKurino) would present to
Count Lamsdorff, the Russian Foreign
Minister, a duplicate copy. The Min
ister said he v.as not authorized to
state the terms of the reply, but that
it Insured the continuance of negotia
tions concerning the Far East, so far
as Japan was concerned.
An imperial ukase, issued on the oc
casion of th<» Russian Xew Year, re
appoints the Grand Duke Michael
NIcoIaievitch President of the Council
of the Empire for the ensuing year. The
Czar has sent an autograph letter to
Constantine Pobiedonostzeff, chief
procurator of the Holy Synod, con-"
ferring on him the insignia of the
Order of St. Andrew. M. Muravieff,
the Minister of Justice, also has re
ceived an expression of the Czar's
special appreciation of his services.
PEKIXG. Jan. 14.— The Gazette to
day contains an edict appointing Wu
Ting Fang, the former Chinese Min
ister at Washington, junior vice pres
ident of the Foreign Office.
The expectation of war is greatly
increased in diplomatic circles here.
The German Minister now regards
•war as a probability, although not de
spairing of a settlement at the elev
enth hour. Heretofore he had re
garded war as only a possibility. One
legation has received a dispatch from
Tokio saying that Foreign j Minister
Komura on January 11 represented
tc the diplomats that he expected
peace to be maintained.
The appointment of Wu Ting Fang
to be junior vice president of the For
eign Office was the result of an audi
ence to ivhich the Dowager Empress
to-day summoned Wu Ting Fang.
They discussed foreign affairs and
particularly the prospects of war. The
Dowager Empress asked for Wu Ting
Fang's views on China's best policy.
The appointment will please most of
the other nations, as it enables them
to deal with a diplomat trained in for
eign methods, speaking English and
able to grasp the questions presented
to him. "Wu Ting Fang, who has had
an exceedingly gloomy view of the
Government's weakness since his* re
turn to Peking, now has a position in
which he dan exert influence for re
form, although rank and age gener
ally outweigh ability in the Chinese
nese Foreign Office.
Becomes Junior Vice President of Chi-
•
WU TING FANG PROMOTED.
The Russian press, 'generally speak
ing, is preserving silence regarding the
Chinese-American trea|y, and efforts
to elicit an official view have proved
unsuccessful. The Xovoe Vremya, re
ferring to the* Far Eastern situation,
declares Russia will not accept Japan's
challenge till all peaceable expedients
are exhausted, adding:
"If war comes Europe should under
stand that it will mark the beginning
of a great struggle between Christian
ity and heathenism, the results of
which will be felt in all corners of the
earth."
The Russ advocates the sale to
asalnst war, declaring war would not
afford a solution of the problem and
that a continuation of Russia's present
policy means the creation of an east
ern strategic frontier, requiring the
same constant protection as the west
ern frontier.
The Russ advocate s the sale to
China of the railway from Harbin to
Port Arthur. The paper has treated
this suggestion with, great considera
tion, without hitherto taking a posi
tive stand. It is no exaggeration to
eay that the extreme view 'finds *ap
proval among a large majority of the
educated public of Russia.
Brigadier General H. T. Allen, U.
S. A., chief of the Philippine constab
ulary, has arrived from Manila. He
formerly was military, attache in St.
Petersburg, and will join the Russian
army as an observer in the event of
war.
Government councils.
' At the German embassy it was be
lieved Berlin depression yesterday was
due to Borne dispatch from St. Peters
burg intimating that Russia would go
to war rather than concede certain
points to Japan.
In regard to the reports from Paris
of the possible intervention of Great
Britain and France, the Foreign Office
officials say no such steps'are on foot,
so far as Great Britain is concerned.
' A private dispatch f rou. Tokio says
that, in spite of all reports to the con
trary, the Japanese troops will not be
thoroughly prepared to start for Korea
on the scale desired In the event of
such a step being considered necessary
before the first week in February- This
is considered significant, in conjunc
tion with Baron Hayashi's estimate
that the negotiations are likely to ex
tena three weeks longer, and as sup
plying an additional reason for Japan
answering in pacific terms. It is also
pointed out that in three weeks* tima
Japan's new cruisers will be practically
out of all danger.
Several of the diplomats here do not
share the British Foreign Office's com
plete pessimism, believing Russia will
give in at the last moment.
indication of the recepiion this note is
likely to meet at the hands of the Rus
sian Government, but I expect the ne
gotiations will continue for several
weeks."
one of the principal promoters of a
strong: Belgian syndicate, with a capi
tal of S25.000.000, formed to establish an
arms factory in Japan.
The British Foreign Office officials
said, after reading the Japanese reply
to the last Russian note, that it only
took the crisis a step further in a lesa
hopeful direction. The advices re
ceived by the Foreign Office made the
officials fear that Russia would not
accept Japan's reiterated demands.
TO PENSION
ALL UNION
ARMY MEN
COLONEL'S
PROMOTION
MAY FAIL
JAPAN GIVES THE CZAR NO OTHER ALTERNATIVE
THAN TO ACCEDE TO HER FINAL DEMANDS OR FIGHT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 15, ,1904.
3
DOAN'S KIDNEY PILLS.
A HINT TOJHE WISE
This Advice Will Be&r Sepeatin? in Baa
Francisco.
"Don't chase shadows."
l>oubtful proof is but a shadow.
You can rely on testimony of people
you know.
You can investigate local evidence.
Robert J. Rowland, painter, of 1610
Bryant -street, says: "I don't know
tvhetlier the lame, weak and aching back
I had could he called lumbago, and I am
uncertain whether It was caused by
overwork or by lifting: while painting
one of the boats, but I do. know it was
Buffici'-ntly annoying to be decidedly ag-
gravatinc and a course of the treatment
<jf Doan's Kidney Pills stopped it. If
••very one in San Francisco receive as
much benefit from that remedy as I,
backache will cease to exist in this vi-
cinity."
For Kile by all dealer?". Price 50 cents.
Foster- Mil burn Co.. Buffalo. N. Y.. sole
ng^r.ts for the United States. •
Remember the name, Doan's, and take
r.o substitute. _• "--_•.>••.- •.?-. --.i- -.
Rivals cf Schilling's Best,
everyone cf 'em, look to price
for their market; not one of 'em
looks' to quality! Allspice, for
instance; there is no difficulty
in getting it fine ; they don't
try; it costs too much.
It costs us less to sell; that's
tow Tyt- 'fTcrd the quality.
llc-ry z :u, itz: ccsu uothicj.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
V""--"--.-. .¦.•¦ t ' : ' :
• • "H; j • - ~\ I
!•/> rr; J ;•—•-; ! '. (j/ry, ;
J^n vJVxSiNE f"^ ¦-**¦• * « *"WT "TV* jf »\, r^V *jt • / *^^ •
Suits and Overcoats *8.65
AS we manufacture our entire stock of clothing we know just about how
£p much to make for each season tosupply our customers.
Never before h£ve we figured as accurately. When we wished to start
our customary January sale we found scarcely any broken lines.
Consequently we have selected 'a number of suits which were made up
to sell for $1250. . The sizes are complete, the patterns and colors up-to-
date and the making consistent with the material. Suits as good would sell
regularly in other stores for $15.00. Our sale price will be $8.6.5.
The goods are fancy cheviots in such colors as golden brown, olive green, black,
etc., single or double breasted styles; sizes 32 to 42.
Also a few blue serge suits at the same price; $8.65.
The remaining stock of our $10.00 Tourist overcoats will be sold for $8.65. The
garments have belts in bick, hang 50 inches long and come in sizes 34 to 42. The
material is a good heavy cheviot— just the coat for cold weather.
Fancy striped worsted pants, sizes 30 to 44 waist, up to 36 inches long, in a good
assortment, on special sale at $2.25.
jSiC jt3TtS 1 0 = ll3y
Write To-Day ¦ , • „ -¦¦ " To-Day's Chronicle
1 , 740 Market Street 1OAKLAND.. Jan. 14.— H. G. Smith, a
real estate dealer at 1458% SevcatTi
street -as been arrested on complaint
of Patrick Flaherty, a saloon-keeper at
832 . Peralta s street, .who charges Smith
with embezzling $26 90.'
Charges Embezzlement.
, ALAMEDA, Jan. 14.— John Purcell,
the veteran athlete, who, while tempo
rarily deranged . last . Monday, fired a
bullet . through the , roof ' of his mouth,
his brain and skull, is still alive at the
Alameda' ; Sanatorium. There has been
no : apparent change for the worse in
his condition and he is at all times
conscious.
Athlete Possesses Vitality.,
-BERKELEY, Jan. 14.— Christopher
Cole, the man ' arrested by Marshal
Kerns for selling liquor in West Berk
eley without : a license, pleaded guilty
in- Justice Edgar's court thiamorning.
He : -..will Jibe" sentenced . on Saturday.
Mrs. ; George Malconi, against whom
there is a , similar charge, pleaded not
guilty' and will be tried on January
27.v*' V ' -•¦;»¦¦. v ¦-¦-.¦ ¦ -.
Cole Pleads Guilty.
BERKELEY. Jan. 14.-— Statistics
compiled by the State Controller's of
fice and, received by School SupeHn- J
tendent Waterman show, that the
Berkeley High Seho<»his fifth 1n point
of numbers attending . high schools in
this' State. The enrollment of the
leading high schools Is -as follows:
Oakland S38, Lowell i 604. Los Angeles
660. Girls of San Francisco 527, Berk
ley. 508. San Jose- 4S2. Sacramento
* 08. Stockton 2i$r Fresno 266.
Berkeley High School Fifth.
Big Chinese Official Coming.
Chen Cheong Wo. president of the
Sain Yup Association and member
of the advisory board at the . Chinese
consulate general, in this city, is ex
pected to . arrive on the America
Maru next Mdnday. The Customs
Collector has been Instructed to ex
tend the usual courtesies.
OAKLAND, Jan. 14.— The following
officers have been elected by the Ala
meda *Boat Club: President. Al
bert Kihn; vice president. Fred
S. Cone; secretary, Frank Browning;
treasurer, A.. G. Bell; .captain,- Zepho
Thorning: lieutenant captain. B. .. G.
Lyons: sergeant at arms. Roy Pratt;
mascot, Paul Bunker: executive com
mittee. John J. Hammond. W. L.
Frier and John Trainor. -.
Boat Club Elects Officers.
HAVANA. Jan. 14. — Th« Senate last .night
after a Ions debat*. approved the bill author
izing • President Palraa to lncreas« duties. In hia
judgment not to exceed SO per cent mar* than
th» present rates, as adopted by the Ilousa
yesterday. The bill now gees ta President
Palma • , ,
OAKLAND, Jan. 14.— The Emeryville
Savings Bank has petitioned the courts
to be allowed to change its name to
that, of the Security Savings Bank of
Berkeley. The reason given is that the
bank is to be changed from its present
site .to West Berkeley. A building is
to be erected on University avenue and
it 1 is expected that it will be a great
accommodation to a . large number of
laboring people in that vicinity.
To Change Bank Site.
.OAKLAND, Jan. 14.— The Alameda
County Medical , Society elected of
ficers and .named delegates for the
State convention to be held at Paso
Robles at. the annual meeting held
Tuesday night. The' officers and dele
gates are Dr. J. Maher, president; Drs.
E. N. Ewer and J..M. Shannon, vice
presidents; Dr. A. H. Pratt, secretary;
Dr. C.-H. Dukes, treasurer; Drs. L. p.
Adams,". . C.I H. v Miller and Dudley
Smith, trustees : Drs. C. R; Krone. HV
G.. Thomas, J." L. Milton; A. H. Pratt
and Q. D.'Hamlln; delegates.
Officers of Medical Society Elected.
Officers Find a Broken Safe.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 14.— Officers
on the trail of the men who cracked
the safe of the Sawtelle branch of the
Bank of Santa Monica Wednesday
morning discovered the stolen treas
ure box about half a .mile from the
Soldiers' Home. It had been blown
open and most of the $1300 contained
in it had been removed, though $150
of the money was found scattered
around the spot by the force of the
explosion. , About noon to-day the of
ficers found the horse and phaeton
which had been stolen from O. W.
Jewett, a real estate man, by the men
in their flight with the booty.
-:.To-night the ' members ot'^Jg
natian Gouncil, Young Men's Institute,
will hold its annual ball at Native
Sons' Hall. The affair is entirely com
pilmentary. Elaborate preparations
are being made for the event and it
will undoubtedly be a great success.
Will Hold Annual Ball.
ContresHUonal Church Meetings.
BERKELEY, Jan. 14. — The North
Berkeley Congregational church held
its annual meeting last night and af
ter the business had bee*i transacted,
a Ifiir.ner was served, under the direc
tion of Mrs. Captain "Wagner. The
officers elected to serve for the coming
year are the following named: Dea
cons, Jarrfcs Le*. J. H. Merrall; dea
conesses — Mr*. Lilly Pearce, Miss
Lucy St Ta.llmon; clerk. H. W. Miller;
treasurer. Frank M. May; . Sunday
ethool superintendent. R. C. Harrison;
trustees. Bruce V. Hill, Harvey R.
Jewett, WilHam C. May, Frederick R.
Peak*. Charles W. Woodworth; music
committee. Mary E. Brock. Bruce V-
Hill and Mary Scott; president King
dom section, the Rev. L.. M. Foster.
ALAMEDA. Jan. , 14.- — Officers have
been elected by the Alameda Republi
can Club as follows: President E.* R.
Anth/>ny v ..vice president George C.
Babcock, second vice president Phil
lip- Kiernan, .third vice president M.
W. Simpson,; secretary F. E. Brown-
Ing, treasurer J. B. Vosburg One
hundred members attended the meet
ing of the organization InLlnderman
Hall last night, at which time the new
executive officials of the club were
chosen. ¦
Republicans Elect Officers.
OAKLAND. Jan. 14.— The Illinois
Society has elected the following of
ficers for the ensuing year:- J. P.
Garlick. president; J. C.- Stout, vice
president; L. M. McKenney, secretary;'
Miss Birdie Pilcher, assistant secre
tary; John T. Bell, treasurer. The
following committees were appointed:
Reception — Mrs. P. W. Cushinjr, Mrs.
C. H. Redington, Mrs. Conrad Bontz,
Miss J. T. Archer. Miss Davis, Miss
Gill, Miss Rott. Edward Kling, J. C.
Bennett and D. W. Morris;-entertain
ment — Conrad Bontz, Mrs. G. A. J.
Davis, Mrs. Carl, Mrs. E. F. Gill, Mrs.
E. M. Cannon, Mrs. E. A. Sherman,
Dr. J. C Stout, H. J. Waters, . Harry
Leber and T. K. Kane. . '.
Illinois Society Elects Officers.
Mark Guy Pearse o$ London. Eng
land, who was to lecture in/this city to
night, has been delayed by' trains and
will not reach here until Saturday, His
lecture is postponed to Monday. ".Mr.
Pearse will preach Sunday night at
Grace Methodist Church.
Lecturer,; Pearsc Delayed.
A. B. Ruggles, president of' the San
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board,
has been honored by his friends and
associates with a handsome testi
monial as an evidence of the respect
and high esteem in which he is held.
In the boardroom yesterday- he was
given a magnificent dinner set of sil
ver, consisting of knives, forks and
spoons and a tea and coffee set of sil
ver, .consisting of five pieces, with a
handsome tray, bearing the inscrip
tion, "The San Francisco Stock and
Exchange Board to , its .President. A.
B. Ruggles, 1901-02-03-04." Colonel
William Edwards, made the presenta
tion, which was followed by a. lunch
eon. V
Friends Honor Ruggles.
Timber Frauds Before Grand Jury.
UnitedStates District Attorney Mar
shall B.A^obd worth has .taken the mat
ter of fraudulent timber land- entries in
th»' Sacramento Land Office before th«
Federal Grand Jury." These are alleged
to have been filed more than a .year
ago-\at, the 'instigation of W. H. Van
A mam and others. ' » V \ ,
OAKLAND. Jan. 14.— The following
board of directors and officers of the
Nile Club were elected at the first an
nual meeting -held in the '. jvv quar
ters of the organization: Board of di
rectors—Judge H. A. Melvin, C. J.
Heeseman, George E. Jackson, > Clar
ence Crowell and F. K. Mott. Officers-
Judge Melvin, president; F. K. Mott,
treasurer; George E. Jackson, record
ing secretary; Clarence Crowell, finan
cial, secretary; C. J. Heeseman, enter
tainment director; W. J/ McCoy, mu
sical director. > '• :>V' S -f ••"-.+- •-
Nile Club Officers Elected.
They state that th«»y were engaged
with a number of others in handling
the weight and that several suddenly
let go en their side to get a better
position, when the weight slipped upon
them. Th*y were removed to the Re
ceiving Hospital, where their injuries
were temporarily attended to.
OAKLAND. Jan. 14.— While loading a
heavy iron frame track crossing on a
car this afternoon, Mat Dillon and P.
Pro«skero. in the employ of the street
xailway. «v«?r<- caught by the sudden
•lipping of the weight and each had
his left leg crushed. Dillon's leg was
broken near the hip end Proskero's
n<>ar th'* anklp.
of Street Railway. Have Had
Accident.
Mat DiMmi and P. Proskero,' Employes
TWO MEN'S LEGS ARE
BROKEN BY . WEIGHT
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Jan. X4.
Treasurer Cowden of the Associated
Students has concluded negotiations
for-a baseball coach for the cardinal
nine. Charley Doyle is expected to ar
rive from San Diego to-morrow to
take charge of the varsity ball toss
ers. The diamond will be scraped and
put in shape at once and Captain Ball
will issue a call for all candidates for
the varsity nine to appear for daily
practice. . ; • . : . '"•*--
Doyle Will Coach the Cardinal.
The Ladies' Auxiliary of the Con
gregation Beth Israel gave a pleasant
entertainment and dance in aid of the
charity fund at Golden Gate Hall last
night. Dancing was indulged in after
the following programme was ren
dered: Overture,' orchestra; vocal
solo. Miss J. Levy; monologue, "Trials
and Tribulations of a School Girl,"
Hilda Cohen; violin solo. Miss Adele
Welisch; recitation. Miss Celia Jacobs;
a college farce, "An Attempt at a
Fourth of July Oration," Joe Leopold.
£ol Lesser, George Levy, Gilbert Gor
don, Albert Springer; the first grade
gymnasium boys of the Y. M. H. A.
under the leadership of Instructor
Joe Meyers.
Entertainment for Charity.
The members of the graduating
class were VIda Mae Barnard, Har
old Kels'ey. Baxter, Alice Louise Beard,
Robert Maarten Blalsdell," Charles Jo
seph Broad, Elles Ellwood Brock
way, Anne Cameron, Walter S.
Christophefson, Florence May Cran
dell, Hazel Pearl Domonoshe,
Roy Harold Fish, Frances Aljce Fry,
Bessie Clare Hargrave, Jessie I. Hen
ry. Daisy Joanna Hill, Andrew G.
Horner, Ethel Alberta Johnson, Har
ris Palmer Jones, H. Merrill Kinsey.
Sigmund Kohn, Herbert Harvey Peck,
Hugh Otis Pierce, Julius Carl Seulber
ger, Chellie \ L. Sharp, . James Porter
Shaw, Stella Genevera Slavich, Cath
erine Sturtevant, Andrew Foote Sum
mers, Guy Spalding Twombly, Allan
Le Claire Umphred,.Kees Herman Van
Outeren, Alice Louise Voice and Al
fred Carl Wai User. '
Music by the Oakland High School
orchestra was followed by an invoca
tion by the key: C. N. Lathrop. Prin
cipal J. H. Pond made Introductory
remarks. , Miss Catherine Sturtevant
read an essay, and Harris Jones deliv
ered the oration. The Rev. E. R.
Dille delivered an address to the
class. • . . '
OAKLAND, Jan. 14. — Thirty-four
students received diplomas this even
ing at the graduating- exercises of the
class of January, 1904, of the Oak
land High School, held in the Com
mon School Assembly Hall.
The diplomas were presented by
George E. Randolph, president of the
Board of Education.
Exercises in Common School
Assembly Hall.
Class of Janunry, *1904, Holds Closing
OAKLAND. Jan. 14.— The funeral of
Bister Fleorence Benigna was held at
9:30 this morning from St. Patrick's
Church, where requiem mass was cele
brated by the Rev. Father Sampson,
assisted by the Rev. Father McNally
Jr. and the Rev. Father White. The
sermon was preached by the Rev.
Father McNally Sr.
The children of St. Joseph's Institute,
where Sister Benigna had been a
teacher for many years; attended the
funeral in 'a body.
Scholars of St. Joseph's Institute,
Where She Was a Teacher. At
... tend Funeral in a Body.
HIGH SCHOOL GRADUATES
RECEIVE THEIR DIPLOMAS
OAKLAND. Jan. 14.— A compromise,
the exact terms of which are not
stated, was; effected at the meet
ing of the committee from the
Liquor Dealers' Association and the
bartenders, held this morning. The
agreement will be submitted to the
members of the two organizations,
and until it is either ratified or repu
diated by them the conditions will not
be made public.
The Laundry Workers' Union will
elect delegates to the Central * Labor
Council, with which they have decided
to affiliate, at the next meeting. The
following officers have been installed:
A. F. Giger. president; H. C. Mathews,
vice president; S. H. Gray, secretary;
R. Spencer, treasurer; James Jenkins,
sentinel; A. Gans and J. H. Mority,
trustees; Maud McHaney, "Tillie" Wal
ters, J. W. Smiley, and H. C. Mathews.
delegates to the Federated Trades
Council; A. V. O'Neill and Charles
Camozzi. finance committee.-
Compromise Effected Which Wilt Be
Presented to Members for Ofll
elal Ratification.
BARTENDERS AND DEALERS
COME TO AN" AGREEMENT
PAY TOUCHING TRIBUTE TO
; MEMORY. OF SISTER BENIGNA
OAKLAND. Jan. 14.— The Athletic
Association of . the Oakland High
School has chosen the following of
ficers for the present year: President.
E. Dozier; vice president, K. M. Kim;
secretary, O. Sprague; treasurer, H.
Walker; financial secretary. R. Court
ney:* yell leader, M. Quayle; B. C. B.
delegates, C. Coyne and L. Thompson;
custodian, C. Craig. . .
Officers of Athletic Association.
Judge Melvin to-day denied Mrs.
Kate Di*udcnne a divorce from Victor
Dleudonne on the grround of habitual
intemperance. The trial was held yes
terday and this morning both parties
•were in court to hear the decision. The
Judge decided that the charges had not
been proved and dismissed the case
by giving them both some good ad
vice.
OAKLAND. Jan. 14.— An interlocu- I
tory decree of divorce was granted
James Young to-day from Jennie
Yo'jr.g on the ground of desertion.
Suit for divorce was begun to-day 1
\>y Mrs. Louisa Jacca^rd. who alleges i
d<»Fertion as the ground of her com
plaint and says Leon Jaccard left her
several years ago to go to the : Klon- j
dike and she has not heard from him j
el nee. !
DptToe Granted Janws Young. !
Louisa Jaooard Alleges Desertion.
Dlendonne Divorce Denied.
MISMATCH COUPLES WOULD ,
SfcJVKR MAR1UAGE TIES
OAKLAND, Jan. 14.— J. S. TVlxson. a
grocer and former City Councilman.
who wa: arrested on ccmplalnt of Hen
ry Emig, a bakers' union picket, haa
demanded i jury trial on a charge of
battery, and the case has been set for
trial in Judge Samuels' court Tuesdaj*.
January 19. Ernest Wixson. a son of
;: t» i?rocer, also charged v.::h battery,
will have a jury trial February 2.
Wlxsons Demand Jury Trials.
The San; Francisco Ladies' Relief
and Protection Society held Its fif tlelh
annual meeting yesterday at its home
on Franklin streets The day was full
of pleasant memories of the past, as
with the single exception of the or
phanage founded by Sister Francis the
relief society is the oldest institute of
its kind in the city. The work done
by the noble women in charge of the
institution cannot be measured by any
ordinary standards. The following
officers were elected: President, Mrs.
S. W. Dennis; vice president, Miss
Kate Hutchinson: treasurer, Mrs. C.
W. Willard; corresponding secretary,
Mrs. P. B. Cornwall; recording secre
tary, Mrs. J. H. Deering. Trustees^ —
President, George Newhall; secretary
and treasurer, J. S. Hutchinson:
Charles R. Bishop. Hugo Keil and
Horace Davis. . ." ?
Relief and Protection Societyl
OAKLAND, Jan. 14. — Of wide in
terest, especially in musical circles, is
the announcement of the betrothal of
Miss Margaret Davis and -Robert
Moore Hughes. S Miss' Davis ift the
young pianist whose rare talent would
have placed her in ihe;,; front ranks
had ehe chosen to adqpt .a prbfes
sional career. Her playing is" marked
by a technique,, a 'strength and a ten
derness that are especially in
so young an artist,? She has studied
for several years with John Metcalf;
the local composer, of whom Oak
land is so proud.
Miss Davis has been blessed by the
gods in many ways, being not only gift
ed but beautiful, her Titian hair and
milk-white skin attracting attention
wherever, she goes. She is winsome
and unaffected in manner and hosts of
friends on both sides of the bay will
The wedding of this interesting:
youBg couple will take place in the
early part of April, at the home of the
bride's mother in San Francisco, and
will be marked by as little ostenta
tion as possible. Miss Davis' father
was the late Reese O. Davis, who dur
ing his lifetime was known as one of
the prominent mill-owners of San
Francisco.
be delighted to learn of her approach
ing- hardiness.
Mr. Hilghes comes of a musi
cal family, being the son of. D. P.
Hughes, the well-known leader of the
Hughes Club, and a brother o£ Llew
ellyn Hughes, the violinist. . The pros
pective groom is. alpo a violinist ; . of
considerable abflity,_ but he is better
kriown'as'a "barytone singer. He. Is
successfully.; engraged in business • in
¦San. Francisco, .where he is in the em
ploy of Spreckels Bros.
TALENTED AND POPULAR GIRL OF OAKLAND, AND WELL-KNOWN
YOUNG BUSINESS MAX, WHOSE ENGAGEMENT HAS JUST BEEN
FORMALLY ANNOUNCED.- ;•
OAKLAND. Jan. 14.— The following
marriage licenses were isiued by the
cjunty Clerk to-; y. Frederick
Mitchell, 62. Lcs Angeles. ~nd Mrs.
Roda A. Dickele. 57, Or*:!and; N":!scn
Watt -, 53, and Emilm Perry 37. both
of Oakland: Harry H. Stine. 32. L03
Angeles, and Marie B. Clr.rk. 21. Kan
sas City; Manuel A. Alveras. 32, and
Maria P. Sequeira. 15. both of Mission
San Jose.' Anton Fuchs, 37, and Freda
Kehi. 36. both of Fruitvale, Leo Smith.
21; and Marguerite 24. both of Al
ameda/
Marriage License*.
The first senior singing of the new term was
held on Xorth Hall steps this evening. The
question of distinguishing- regalia for seniors
was discussed but not dellnitely settled.
The library will receive some 50O books from
the library of the late Professor Paget, which
his wife bequeathed ! to the university. The
books are nearly all in the French, language.
The handicap singles tennis tournament will
end with the playing- of the finals for the
championship of the university ne&t Saturday
on tne campus. The contest will be decided
when the three remaining players out of
twenty-six original entries play, the competi
tors being C. A. Wayne. Charles McDuffle and
J. K. Turner. McDuffle has reached the final
round In the upper half and the winner of the
Wayne-Turner match will play him.
Professor Leon J. -Richardson has Just re
turned from a. search among the Eastern col
leges for instructors for next summer's sum
mer school. He viaitcd Tulane University at
N«W Orleans, the University of Chicago and
the University of Michigan. He also -attended
the meeting of the Modern Language Associa
tion, nvhich was in session while he was at
the tVilverslty of Michigan. Professor Rich
ardson met a number of well-known teachers,
but aa he made no definite arrangements with
them he is nqt prepared to announce the
names of any of them as likely members of
the summer session faculty.
The Junior men are going to give a dance
to the junior women, and a committee has t*?er»
named to arrange for it. The committee con
sists of R. A. Tuttle. J. S. Edwards. A. M.
Wells. H. A. Stout. D. P. Booth and J. M.
Wolfsohn. It will meet in the Kappa SJgma
house to-morrow evening and arrange for the
affair.
BERKELEY. Jan. 14. — The final try-outs for
the competitor* for the Carnot team will be
held Friday night in Stiles Hall". The com
petitors are expected to make two speeches,
each' of twelve minutes' duration. The ques
tion'to be discussed Is. "Resolved, that the
system of criminal procedure in France men
aces the liberties of the individual." Those
chosen at the preliminary try-out to compete
in this last trial are .J. P. Lucey. I. 8. Metrler,
Hart Greenafelder, G. C. . Rlngolsky. Philip M.
Carey. R. S. McWjlliams. Frank Mandel and
E. C. Bauer.
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
story of an. underground battle be
tn-een Amalsamated miners and a force
of twenty-five men from the ¦ Rarus
mine, was told by James McQuade on
the witness stand in the Boston and
j Montana contempt proceedings this
j afternoon. McQuade says the Rarus
i men carried dark lanterns and dyna
j mite, and, after blowing their way into
j the Pennsylvania work ;--3s, rolled rocks
j and blew scalding hot water and fine
lime before them.
I. When the Heinze force thought they
had routed the Pennsylvanians they
j entered the workings, only to be sur
' prised by the Amalgamated miners in
J ambush, who, in a rush, overcame the
; Rarus miners, forcing them to retreat
; by throwing their own lime and hot
| water upon them. . .
i Superintendent Trerise,. one of
I Heinfe's superintendents, to : day ac
} knowledged having laid pipes for scald
ing hot water and p -epared for the
conflict.
Montana Witness Tells of Combat by
Men Carrjlnc Dark tantcms and
Armed With Dynamite. '
BUTTE, Mont., Jan. . '.— A thrjJling
DESCRIBES A THRILLING
UNDERGROUND BATTLE
Min Clara Xlckels»n of The Dalles, Oregon
Is th» gu«et cf Miss Dor«tta Frodden of the
West Enii. ' ¦ ¦-...•
i Mrs. ' Walter R. Hughes haa returned to
putch Flat, where *he will spend the winter
tejrson for the benefit of her health.
Mlw Anne Louise Daniella. the soprano who
r«^ently returned from eighteen months' study
abroad, will give a song recital tn the Uni
tarian church on Thursday evening, the *»i»t
of thii month.' . -¦ ' . .
ALAMCDA. Jan. 14— Mrs. Jeanette Jooea of
1343 Fountain utreet entertained a partv or
friends et an Informal luncheon to-day. Amonr
the nests were Mrs. L. A. Bruckman Mis*
Bruckman, Miss Violet Bruckman. Miss Hendv
and Mlas Mabel Heady. " ."" "
The wrrtding of Mies Martha J. Brown and
Andrew J. Klynn will take place ar4o'clock
next Sunday afternoon, at St. 1 - Joseph's rhureh
The liridt elect Is a daughter of Captafr; WU-
Uam Brow/i Ol. »00 Delaware etreet and Mr
Flynn i» a business man In Oakland Thev
will reside in Oakland. *
BERKKLEY. Jan. 14.— Mias Ellse Higgin
*on of Lrfirin and Ernest F. Reese, a student
in 4h« Lick Polytechnic High .School of San
Francisco, were married In Ka«t Oakland last
Monday by the Itev. , Elbert R. Itfnnett of 'mS
Tenth ¦ »tr*€t: V It' -was a little eldDem^nt that
was taken -without the Knowledge of parents
or friend'. ' -They^have bietr fonrlven, how
ever, and the erocm will be permitted to finish
his Ftudlev.
The following were guests at the luncheon-
Mrs. do Young, Mi»s de Young. Miss Constance
<le Yourg. Mlw Mill*. Miws Elizabeth Mills
Miss Catu.n. Miss Lucie King. Mis* Hazel Kinc'
Miss Carrie Nichclrcn. Mies Helen Chine Mim
Hcl«>n Garthwaltc. Mrs. Shields, Miss Elizabeth
McNear. Mrw. Wlckham .Havens Mrs Henrv
Rosenfeld, Miss HesB Prlngie, Mr». Mark Keaua.
and Mrs. I«?ec Lawrence, y. • H
Mm. "Jack" Sprcckela Aa» among th» in
vited cues, but was urable to come at the lait
minute en account of Illness.
Some unusually pretty gowns wpre worn by
the guests, the young debutante guest of honor
being In white. Mrs. Long also wore white
and Mrs. De Yout.g was attired In a very be
coming violet chiffon. .. "
The luncheon given for Miss Constance . de
Young «o-ilay by Mr*. OFcar Fitzalan Long
was a- very charming affair. The decorations
though tasteful and effective, were simple con
sisting principally of vloletg.
The inarriag* of Miss Mary ft. Blakeslee and
Pcott Southwell Piggott was solemnized In Pan
Jose yerterday by Rev. I?. Fay Mills, formerly
of tfcib c:t}\ TV* bride is a daughter of Mrn.
Omtrra II. Coolldge of Brattleboro. Vt.. and it
v.-6r durlnc a visit to that town about two
years ago that Mr. Piggott met the young lady
who le now his wife. She .Is said to be a beau
tiful and accomplished Ctrl, as well as an heir
esr in her own right. Fhe Is a daughter of the
lat» Dr. Blakeslee cf Brattleboro.
Mr. Pigeon ic a young business man of Oak
land and ie the son of Mrs. Adah Kellenh^rger
Hi- a:nl his bride will tpsM* with Mrs. Kellen.
bfrper at 1773 Chr.se street for the present
Mrs. Coolidge. who. tvlth y.er daughter.' has
I.een visiting In Oakland. h?» returned to her
Eastern home, leaving shortly after the wed
ding.
A dozen lltl? folks enjoyed a delightful after
noon yesterday with little Sallle Long, the 4
y»>ar-old daughter of Mrs. Oscar Lcng. In honor
cf her birthday. The ponlf* and cart and all
the other delljthts of Highlands were placed at
the di*posal ' of the children and the dainty
birthday feast was a flttlcg climax to the
happy day.
The little folk* present were: Sanford and
.Tefferecn I^erkey. B<rnlce Bromwell. Helen and
Frances Worder., Pennoyer Sherman, Dorothy
Tregloari. Amy. Lawrence and Alice Requa,
and Amy and Sallle Long.
A few of these present were Miss Burdge,
Miss KThel Valentine. Misn Jacqueline Moore,
Mist Maul Edith Pope, Miss Marlon Smith.
Miss Florence Nightingale. Miss Edith Selby.
M!«s •"Bessie" Palrrer. the Mleses Alice and
Kuth Knowl»*. Mis« Jane Crellln, Miss Edith
Ga'kill snd Miss Gertrude Allen.
Mies Crlswle Taff* luncheon to-day for Miss
Mae Burdge. the prospective bride, was a very
charming affair. About forty ijueats gathered
in the pretty clubhouse at Piedmont Park and
discussed the dainty menu. Pink and Rretn
and white entered effectively into the decora
tions, the p'.ac* cards being pretty heads done In
r.-at^r colors. MIm Taft. who makes a very
gracious and charming hostess, was assisted in
receiving her friends to-day by h»r mother.
Mrs. H.,C. Taft. Slie wan tartefully gowned
in White, a frenchy town or eollan cloth
trimmed with lace.
¦The invited are: llr«. William Stephens
L»v«n* Mrs. William Langenour. Mr*. Laurie
Ad&ms Jr.. Mr«. O. T. Mill*. Mrs. William XV.
Crane. Mr*. A. H. Drake. Mrs. W. H. Parr,
Mrt. T, W. Corder. 1 Mr*. M. J. Leymance,
Mrs. E. B. Davis, Mri.- J. C. Downing. Mn.
C D. Fierce. Mr*. W. J. Scott. Mrs. R. C.
Oraft. ;Mr>. L. A. StMihenson. Mr*. Alexander
Martin 1 . Mrs. Dr. I*-** Jones. Ulsi Evans,
Mr*. J. 'V.'ard Eaton, Alameda: Mrs. Lieu
tenant Victor Lewis. Presidio; Mrs. William.
Love. Ban Kraneifco: Mrs. Fred Jacobs. Mrs.
Wts'.ev Jacobs Mrs. L. H. Adams. Mrs. Charles
Halii. "the Micses Brown, M*.«.« A. Lewis. Ml?s
M. Hoilin. Mitt E. Bloch. Missi M. Hewes,
M!?6 Amy Cordtr, Miss Helen WledersheJm,
Mies Gertrude Gunn. Miss Jessie Gunn, Miss
Ada Laymacce and Miss Blanche Laymance.
An at-home will be r'.ven by Mn. Gilbert
Leonard CdrtiM to-morrow afternoon from 2
to 5. complimentary to Mrs. William Stephen
Ltvens of Oregon «nd Mrs," William Langenour
of Woodland. Beth gruests of honor are grad
uate? of Mills College, and the majority cf
the inv ited . ones are former college acquaint
ances. '. "'"' :
The ratre cards were both unique and pret
ty, being French v.ater : coior sketches of
dainty Dresden rr.a!der.s and court ladies.
Among lh« guests were: Mrs. Joseph Henr7
Glide Jr.. Mr?. Harden Luke Crawford. Mr«.
William C Ede, John I... Howard. Mrs. Robert
S. Moor*, lire. Henry Drew Xiehc-ls, Hiss Sara
Drum. Mr*. George Sierrett "Wheaton. Miss
Vlia McboteOB, Mrs. William Pierce Johnson,
Mr*. Alexander Houstcn Mars, Mrs. Thomas
Ba!l*y. Mrs. Alfred von der Repp. Miss Mona
CrciHn. Mi«a Margaret Sinclair. Miss Emma
Mtfconey. Mrs. O«car Fltzalan I»;ng-. Mrs. Wil
iiatn H. Morrit-or.. Miss Lillian Downey.
Mrs. Walter Hughes Henry. Miss Jean How
ard. MiM Grace Holt. Mies G*orgrle Strong,
M!»s Mary Barker. Mis? Jane Ra-wllnfcs, Miss
FlTinr.e Brown. Mrs. Edmund Baker, Mis*
Juliet Garbor. Mr.«. A. A. Moore Jr. and Mrs.
Robert Lee Stephenson.
OAKLAND. Jen. 14..— The flrst of the series
of iuncneons rein* siven by Sirs. J. H. P.
Ivjrm aM Mr*. J. H. Die;kmann took place
to-day, and,. like all t>e functions that take
tlace within't.ie hospitable home of the Cha
bots. was a brilliant a.?A delightful social ?uc
cer». Twenty-four g-uests tat down to the
besutlfuHy decorated t£.b!e. L<avender and
gr«n -i ere the color echtme, violet orchid
shades sortening the lights -of the candelabra.
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
; ALAMEDA. Jan. 11— Dr. Weston O.
I Smith, president of the Board of
j Health, has .filed his resignation with
j the City Clerk, to take effect imme
j diately upon the appointment of his
j successor by the City Trustees. Dr.
] Smith has been a member of the san
! itary body of the municipality for nine,
j years, several of which he served as
! the head of the board. He was elected
i to the preFidency when that position
J was vacated by the late .Dr. C». H. Lub
j bock, four years aso.
In his letter of withdraw.- ' Dr. Smith
I gives no reason for his retirement from
| the Board of Health, but it is under-,
• stood .that the demands on his time:
I from uther affairs prompted him to re- i
j sign. Dr. W. A. Brocke is mentioned as
I a candidate for appointment to a mem
! bership on the Board of Health that'
| will be vacant when Dr. Smith retires. \
Dr. A. A. Stafford will probably be ;
! chosen president of the sanitary ofli
1 eials. Besides Dr. Smith the other ;
j members of the board are Dr. A. A. j
| Stafford. Dr. W. B. Stephens. Dr. Ivate
j P. Van Orden and David Hjenny.
The boy had gone into the basement
with a lighted lamp to fill a can from
the larger receptacle. While drawing
off the fluid Herman, held the lamp so
near the running oil that the oil be
came ignited. An explosion followed
and the boy was drenched from head
to -feet in the naming fluid.
His screams brought assistance and
the blaze was smothered, but'not until
the victim had been seriously burned.
But the parents did not consider that
the injuries were other than such as
would yield to home remedies, and a
physician was not called until to-day,
when* the boy's condition became
alarming. Dr. J. A. Beckwith was
summoned, but found the little patient
suffering from a shock that .was be
yond the reach of medical relief. •.
Coroner Mehrmann took charge of
the case and he will .hold an inquest to
morrow at the Kauffmann home.
Herman Kauffmann, 10 years old and
son of J. A. C. Kauffmann, died.at 2:30
o'clock this afternoon from burns, re
sulting from an explosion last night of
a tank of coal oil at his home, Central
avenue, near the San Leandro road.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
lflS Broadway, Jan. 14.
The fact that the beat of any police officer
shows that the streets Included In It are be
fouled with refuse matter will b« d»emed suf
ficient cause for dropping such officer from th-j
force. Respectfully,
WARREX OLNET. Mayor.
They must arrest violators of the law In
all casfe. There must be no favoritism shown,
and you ¦will see that any man or woman, no
matter who it I?, that helps to befoul our
streets by throwing dirt, rubbish, vegetables
or other articles thereon is arrested and prose
cuted.
S. C. Hodgklns, Chief ot Police— Dear Sir:
The police force of the city is not giving suf
ficient assistance in enforcing the law against
throwing: rubbish into the streets. You are
requested to notify the entire body of police
officers that they must co-operate with the
Street Department in keeping the streets c!ean.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Jan. 11.
Mayor Warren Olney has served no
tice on Chief of Police Hodgkins that
the Police Department will be expected
to strictly enforce the ordinances of
the City which require citizens to desist
from littering the streets and side
walks with rubbish and refuse.
In an official Communication . to the
Chief of Police to-day the Mayor not
only emphasizes this demand, but de
clares that the Police Department has
not been rendering sufficient co-opera
tion with the Street Department in the
crusade for clean streets. Likewise
does his Honor announce that dismis
sal from the police force will be the
penalty of any patrolman whose beat
is found to be in an unclean condition.
The Mayor's letter on the subject is
in the following language:
Notwithstanding the "cinches," how
ever, the number of students will be
nearly rui large as last year, the de
ficiency being made up by new stu
dents. The number of graduate stu
dents registering is 52 regular and lim
ited 1720, specials 151, making a total
of 1933. The number last year was
1947, 14 more than this year. There will
be at least 400 late registrations.
The number of incoming freshmen
will be 40, with 9 others as specials,
besides 11 specials' applications to b«
acted upon.
Latest advices from the. Recorders
office at the University of California
shf^w that 244 students have met intei
lectual death at the hands of the facul
ty '"fire department." with the list of
dead and wounded still growing.. In
other words, 24* students have beea
"cinched" out off" college, barred from
returning to thei"r* studies, ruthlessly
set aside by one stroke of the pen of
the recorder, guided by the "faculty
firemen." Not only this, but 163 mor«
students withdrew without even at
tempting the examinations that sle>v
tn*ir fellows, so that the total number
of casualties will foot up 41^.
This Is an unprecedented number of
students to be "cinched." There have
be'en many "cinched" In year3 gone by.
but this record overlaps them all. It
is all due to the good old "'weedlng
out'* process adopted by the faculty,
uhich is based on the theory that ths
laggards must go. Most of the suffer
ers are 'freshmen, who could not pass
the examinations in mathematics.
These examinations are always made
unpleasantly hard, and if a freshman
can pass them he Is considered a
pretty good candidate for the rest of
his college days. If he does not pass.
the faculty considers that it has got
rid of a student who would have beea
dead material and a drag for the resc
of the time.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2HS Center street. Jan. 14.
Removal -From the Department
Is Prescribed as a Penally
for Continued Dereliction
Herman KautFmaiui, Ten Years
Old, Is a Victim of Accident
at His Home in Suburbs
Th- jurors were C. H. Vauph, A.
Cooper, P. Roth. C. . Orr,- W. E,
Brothers. W. O. Guest, M. S. Hess, 7.
Johnson, F. A. Ser.k and Victor Brandt.
FiFher did not deny the assault, but !
pourht to show that ''. was provoked
by the plaintiff striking him. His wit
nesses v ere. A. S. Anderson and J.
Gentry.
As th case cf "Sam" Fisher, propri
etor <.f the "Array Canteen" saloon and
vrecJccr of "rurr.:rage sales," goes on,
it pa.ber* more and core of the mess
of complication. First tie cliurch peo
ple grappled with him bef .jr.' the Board
Cf Trustees and had his license taken
away. Then a jury triefl him f^r dis
turbing the peace of a churchman, but
coj'idn't agree. N>xt a doctor from
Wcs Berkeley and a. postmaster from
Kast Uerkcley got into a re ..• over him.
and one v ith a shooting iron threat
ened to make the other look 3 e a cof
tet strainer. Lastly, but not finally, for
then is still another criminal action
pending egainst him, a jury acquitted
Fisher to-c«sy of battery up. . the same
evidence that caused another Jury to
disagree. Now, If he is convicted on
his n<?xt trial. Fisher will not know
' hether he Is afoot cr a horseback.
The complaining v.itr.ess In ! -day's
case ivas M. C. Woodruff, wh > says
I" t Fisher pvmmeled h'. with h:3
flstr at that i!!-fated rummage sale."
Mcst of the day was spent in getting
ten jurymen, whom both sides agreed
were enough to try any man. Th? tes
timony was shoveled in afte.- <hat as
fast a- ih* jurymen could \ nsume it.
so that at 4:20 o'clock they were ready
TO retire. There in th? anteroom they
VTtSttod with th» quertion, "Gull y or
innocent?" for three hours before
finally £gre«ing. It looked for awhile
as there would be another disagree
ment. The jurors are underetood to
tave rtord eisht for acqi ttal and two
for conviction for a lor.g time.
The testimony v.as the same as that
introduced wfc«n Fisher was tried for
the al>gred disturbance of th» peace of
E. ~ Xevvtcn. Woodruff. Xewton. Mrs.
»•» t< r* and Mrs. J. O. McClain were
the witnesses for the prosecution. They
testified that while conducting a "rum
mag sc>" near Fisher's "loon for the
Trinity Methodist Church Flther came
into their presence in a. more or less
ir.tcxicaled condition and attacked
them. Firrt he followed the ladies of
the party up the stree' hurling curses
£n.:r them. Then h<? returned to the
store, where he attacked Newton and
then Woodruff, >vho had come to his
rescue. In thi mix-up v\ indov/i., snow
cases and heads were t - >!.en.
Berkeley Office S*.i Frarcisco Cal!.
214S Center Ctreet, Jr n. 14.
Innocent "Rummage Sale'' In
volves Lots of People and
Causes All of Them Trouble
Other Business Requires the
Physician's Attention and
Causes Him to Take Action
DR. SMITH WITHDRAWS
CASE PUZZLES EVERYBODY
MUST WATCH THE STREETS
EXPLOSION CAUSES DEATH
of Resignation With Clerk
! President of Alameda City's
Sanitary Body Files Notice
West Berkeley Saloon Keeper
Scares the First Victory in
His Fight Against Churches
His Honor Orders Chief Hodg
ldus to &e That Ordinances
Are Vigorously, Enforced
Holds Lighted Lamp Too Near
Tank From Which the Fluid
Is Being Run Into a Can
Miss Margaret Davis, Whose Musical Talent
Has Won Her Praise of Critics, and
Robert Moore Hughes Are to Wed
\VecMling--Ont Policy Prevents
Many Freshmen From Pass
ing Their First Examinations
"FIRE DEPARTMENT": AIDS
Recorder Sntton's. Blue Pen
cil-Keeps 412 of Them From
Returning: to the University
JURYMEN SET
FISHER FREE
YOUTH FATALLY
BURNED BY OIL
MAYOR SHAKES
UP POLICEMEN
"CINCHES" BAR
OUT STUDENTS
CLEVER YOUNG PIANIST
SOON TO BECOME BRIDE
RETIRES FROM
HEALTH BOARD
THE. SAN FRAN-CISCO CALL. FRIDAY, JANUARY 15, ¦¦ lWti.
SAN JOSK. Jan. ' 14.-— L,.' D. Cofcta, who al
leges that Samuel Sproat t>t San Francisco owes
him $700 for ' canned goods, learned to-night
that the man had been arrested In Santa Ana.
Sfcrcat will be ? broucM here to answer : the
cbaree.
m
4
ST. LOUIS
WORLD'S FAIR VIEWS
IN BEAUTIFUL COITUS
The • Official Views . of - the
Louisiana Purchase Exposition
to be held at St. Louis will be
issued as '¦ supplements . to The
Sunday Call beginning with the
issue of Sunday, January 31st.
Agents and newsdealers will do
well to order early, as there will
be a groat demand for these
beautiful- views.Xine Deaths Due to Elevator Accident.
ST. LOUIS, .Jan. 14.— The death to-
ry of ¦William, Pearsons, , aced 14,
makes the list of dead in the elevator
accident at the Brow:, "shoe, factory
number, nine. Tony. Rechnor, who was
thought to . have been fatally ; injured,
has a possible chance for, recovery. Gus
Albrecht, 14 years ~ld, -..as identified
to-day at the morgue. ' '
WASHINGTON. 'Jan. 14. — The : Senate Com
mittee on Indian Affairs to-day reported-favor
ably on the bill to provide? for the opening- to
settlement under 1 the homestead law of the r»«
malning portion of th« iToiviiie Indian Reserva
tion In the State of Washington. . .' • ,
BERKELEY, Jan. 14. — Emile La
barthe of Paris, a member of the com-'
mittee representing the French Gov
ernment at the St. Louis exposition,
delivered, ; .a lecture before a large
gathering this evening in Hearst Hall
on "The Spirit of France and the For
eigner." 'The address was given un
der the patronage of the Alliance
Francaise and was spoken In , the
French tongue. M. Labarthe spoke
upon the "great bond of sympathy ex
isting between the "American and
French people."^; He said : "They • are
similar in artistic tastes and.' spirits.
This is due largely to '¦¦ the wide influ
ence of the French language, which
had been ' taken up by Americans, be
cause: of. its clearness, vivacity and
.flexibility. ' The French": language has
taken J the place " of Greek and Latin
for the"- exposition of ideas."
Emllc Labarthe Lectures.
ALLENTOWX. Pa.. Jan. 14.— The four mem
hm of the Bechtel family — Mrs. Catherine
I>chtel, her daughter Martha and her »on»
John and Charles — were to-day placed on trial
charged with b-lne accessories after the facl to
the murder of Mabel Bechtel.
' A child of 5 years should weigh for
ty-one pounds, be 41)&' Inches in height
and have a chest girth of 23% inches.
STOCKTON, Jan. 1 4.— Two freight
trains met head on two and -a half
miles north of Lathrop , to-night at
9:30 and both engines were wrecked.
Some of .the flatcars were buckled up,
but only one left the track. The
heavy fog made it impossible for the
engineers to see any great distance,
and the trains were within a few. feet
of each other- before the engineers
applied the brakes. One was an e^
tra eastbound freight, and it is claim
ed pulled out, of Lathrop before the
conductor received his orders. The
other was the regular freight west
bound and was supposed. to have. the
right of way. No one was seriously
injured.
Two Engines Are Wrecked and;Flat
cars Are Buckled Up in Disaster
1 Near Lathrop. ;
FREIGHT TRAINS MEET
IX TERRIFIC COLLISION
Institutions In Oakland, Berkeley and
Alameda Name Officers for En
suing Year.
OAKLAND, Jan. 14.— Banks of Oak
land, Berkeley and Alameda have elect
ed officers as follows:
Union Savings Bank of Oakland-
William G. Henshaw, president; C. E.
Palmer, vice president; Thomas Prath
er, R. S. Farrelly, H. W. Meek, Henry
A. Butters,- Thomas Crellin, C. H. King,
Charles T. Rodolph, George E. Grant,
Shelby F. Martin.
Union National Bank of Oakland—Di
rectors, Edson F. Adams, John Charles
Adams. R. S. Farrelly, Bush Finnell,
George ' Leviston, Thomas Prather, C.
E. Palmer; Thomas Prather, president,
and C. E. Palmer, cashier.
First National Bank of Berkeley-
President, A. W. Naylor; vice presi
dent, F. M. Wilson; cashier, F. M. Nay
lor;. assistant cashier, W. E. Squires;
directors, F. M. Wilson, J. W. Havens,
Professor Charles Mills Gayley, Pro
fessor W. B. Rising, J. R. Little, Cap
tain W. H. Marston and A. W. Naylor.
Alameda Savings Bank of Alameda —
J. E. Baker, president; I. L. Borden,
vice president; Charles E. Tabor, cash
ier; W. M. McKean, assistant cashier;
E. K. Taylor, attorney; directors, Jo
seph Knowland, Charles S. Neal, I. L.
Borden, George W. Scott, J. R. Know
land, J. E. Baker, Columbus Bartlett.
Bank of Alameda— J. E. Baker, presi
dent; I. L. Borden, vice president;
Charles E. Tabor, cashier; W. M. Mc-
Kean, assistant cashier; E. K. Taylor,
attorney: directors, Joseph Knowland,
Charles S. Neal. I. L. Borden, George
W. Scott. J. R. Knowland, J. E. Baker,
Columbus Bartlett.'
Rer. Thornton Mills Called.
OAKLAND. Jan. 14.— The Rev.
Thornton' A. Mills, the eldest son of
the Rev. Benjamin Fay Mills, former
pastor of the First Unitarian Church
of this city, has accepted a call to the
First Unitarian Church of San Jose.
The Rev. Thornton Mills is but 22 years
of age and the church at San Jose will
be his second charge, as he has' been
pastor of the Unitarian Church at San
ta Rosa for the past year.
Will Control Oakland Nine.
OAKLAND. Jan. 14.— A corpora
tion to manage the Oakland baseball
team this year was formed here to
day with a capital stock of $25,000.
J. Cal Ewing. aa heretofore, will look
out for the interests of the Oakland
team in league matters, while Pete
Lohman will be team manager.
•H. G. Long, a freight clerk in the
office of the Southern Pacific. Com
pany, .died suddenly in bed yesterday
morning at' 406 Mason street. Heart
failure was the cause of "death. He
was 35 years old.
Death of Freight Clerk Long.
James J. Hill is largely responsible
for the selection of Montana for the
colony. . . .
The preliminary arrangements re
garding the establishment of Boers in
America Is in charge of General G. D.
Joubert and Captain W. S. O'Donnell.
The idea of establishing a colony in
Mexico, was given up several weeks ago
on account of the prevalence of yellow
fever.
ST. PAUL, Minn.. Jan. 14.— Arrange,
ments are almost completed for estab
lishing a Boer colony in Montana. Land
either along the Shields River or Milk
River Valley will be selec. 3d, and it la
expected that the immigration of th*
Boers will begin early this spring.
PETERSBURG, Va., Jan. 14.—Infor
mation has been received of the al
leged lynching in Sussex County, Vir
ginia, of Eimore Moselin, a negro, by
a ; mob of negroes. Moselin was tried
acid acquitted this week for killing an
other negro on the public highway in
the presence of the victim's wife.
GAINESVILLE, Fla., Jan. 14.—
"Jumbo" Clark, a 'negro, was lynched
at High Springs . to-Cay. Clark had
attacked a white girl ' about 14 years
old while she was on her way to school.
VICKSBURG, Miss.. Jan. 14.— News
was received to-day, that Butch Rlley,
a negro,'. who is said to have killed C.
C. . McMillan near Ta.lulah Tuesday
night, was arrested and- placed in jail
at /Tallulah,( but a mob last night
lynched Riley.
SPOKANE, Wash., Jan. 14.— The
disease commonly known as "lumpy
Jaw", in cattle has caused the death of
William Chase, a Spokane County
farmer, who died to-day after nearly a
year's illness.
Early last spring Chase \ bathed
in a pool .which prairie cattle fre
quented. .Some of the cattle were
known : to have had .the disease.
Chase; soon became sick and while be
ing spared some of the symptoms of
actinomycocis, as the disease is known
Jn the medical books, he suffered as
animals do, gradually wasting away
to a skeleton. Physicians to-day pro
nounced death due to "lumpy jaw."
Chase was 20 years of age and unmar
ried. - .
..The disease has frequently been com
municated to human beings' according
to medical records, but it by no means
is common. It is a progressive affec
tion caused by the presence of actino
mycetes,' a variety of ray-fungus, and
usually is confined to cattle and swine.
Special Dispatch to The Call
ily Wednesday, when Mrs. Eva Chris
tine Lehrke, stepmother of William C.
Lehrke, who died last Saturday from
the result of an'accident, passed away.
*-- : — j ; r— — +
— ? 1 —
Passing of Jlrs. Lehrke.
Death again visited the Lehrke fam-
Death of a Prominent Cattle Breeder.
SIOUX CITY, Iowa, Jan. 14. — E. H.
McCutcheon, head of the banking firm
of E. H. McCutcheon & Co., of Hol
steln, Iowa, is dead. He was, a prom
inent cattle breeder.
ing From Strange Disease
Spokane County Farmer loses
Life After a Year of Suffer-
Arrangements About Completed
for the Colony Which Is to
Be Established in Montana
Charles Popper, father of Max Pop
per and for many years a prominent
merchant of this city, died at an early
hour yesterday morning at his home,
1518 Castro street- Deceased was,.- a
widower,' 84 years of age and a native
of Austria. Death' is attributed to old
age. The rernains will be cremated
to-day at Cypress Lawn' Cemetery."
Long Life Is Ended.
Colored 3Ien in Virginia Hang
One of Their Own Race AVho
Had Been Acquitted of Murder
BOERS T0 TAKE
UP FARM LANDS
SOUTHERN MOBS
LYNCH NEGROES
OFFICIALS OF ALA31EDA.
COUNTY/ BANKS ELECTED
The deceased was a native of Ger
many; 67 years of age, and a pioneer
of this city, where she was widely
known. The funeral will take place to
morrow at 1 o'clock, from the resi
dence of the deceased, 502 Minnesota
street, and the interment will.be held
In Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
"LUMPY JAW"
CAUSES DEATH
JUNCTION CITY, Kans., Jan. 14. —
Captain John K. Wright, a pioneer rail
road contractor, who has built -thou
sands of miles of railway in Kansas,
died 'at his. home here to-day, from
paralysis, at the age of 69 years. He
I was one of the early Colorado gold
prospectors and later helped to sur
vey the wagon road that was laid out
on the trail from Denver to Salt Lake
City, and in 1861 enlisted in the Sec
ond Colorado Volunteers. Later he be
came captain "of the;? Sixteenth Kansas
Volunteers. He had lived here for
nearly forty years and had represented
his district In the State Legislature.
Pioneer Contractor Passes Away.
'The Drink Crime in San Francisco."
He produced figures pertinent to the
arguments presented for considera
tion. The Rev. Mr. Sawyer attacked
the combination of the grocery and
liquor shop and said that in no other
city in America could another similar
institution be found.
The Prohibition Alliance met last
night the Women's Christian Tem
perance Union, 132 McAllister street.
R. E. Blight, president of the Oak
land Alliance, addressed the meeting
and the V.ev. L. J. Sawyer delivered
an addres*. the subject of which was
Prohibitionists Hold Meeting.
Ladies" and Men's Shoes that • have
b«en sold for $3.50 a pair will have gone
for tl.So. A good saving the people of
San Francisco are quick to take advan
tage of. To-day and to-morrow the last
days for the Shoe Sal*\ The store will
then rloso for a few days to get ready
for tho Clothing Sale. Notice will be
Civfn whf-ii the «-am»» wili start, at 915
Market street, opposite Mason. • -
To-Morrow Last Day.
; Two weeks ago Mr. Bushnell divided
I three-quarters of a million dollars
J among members of his family as a New
i Year's gift.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, Jan. 15.— Former
Governor Asa S. Bunshnell died at 1:52
o'clock this morning. Mr.'Bushnell was
' stricken with apoplexy ' on Monday
evening as he was about to take a train
in Columbus for his home in Spring
•field. Ohio. He had attended the in
auguration-of Governor Herrlck. He
was removed to a hospital, where he
lay in a critical condition until his
death this morning.
From a position as bookkeeper Mr.
! Bushnell arose to a partnership in the
I Wardner, Bushnell & Glessner Com
! pany, manufacturers of farming im-
I plements, of which he became president
j in 1SS6. He served in ,the Civil War.
I being mustered out with the rank of
I captain.
Former Governor of Ohio Succumbs to
a Stroke of Apoplexy.
ASA ,S. BUSIIXELLi DEAD.
BOSTON. Jan. 14.— Tests of subma
rine signaling were made to-day on
the steamer James S. Whitney during
a trip from New York to Boston. Com
munication by submarine bell signal
was established with three lightships
while the steamer was some distance
from them, apparently showing it is
possible for vessels to signal each other
and so avoid collisions. This after
noon as the steamer approached the
Pollock Rip lightship the distinct
sound of a tolling was heard in the
telephone receiver stationed in the
pilot house. A few minutes later an
other bell was heard, which the officers
said was submerged at the Pollock Rip
shoals lightship. At this time signals
•were distinctly heard from both the
Pollock Rip and the Pollock Rip shoals
lightships, -but as the Whitney passed
one on the starboard and the other
on the port side it was impossible to
distinguish clearly from which light
ship individual sounds were received.
To-night as the Whitney neared Bos
ton harbor the sound of a bell was
heard clearly in the telephone receiver
in the pilot house. The captain veered
the course of the steamer at intervals
so that the sound of the bell was heard
both from the port and starboard sides.
Successful Test of Submarine
Communication Shows _That
Collisions Mav Be Avoided
The leader of the Celtic Revival. Wil
liam Builer Teats, is on his way to
San Francisco. He comes at the in
vitation of the universities of Berkeley
and Stanford to lecture. He will also
give a public lecture in the Alhambra
Theater.
Mr.%Teat5 is perhaps the most gifted
Irishman of the day. He is a poet,
dramatist, orator and the author of
many works. It was he who founded
the Celtic Revival, which has attracted
the attention of ths literary world. His
mind is steeped in the literature and
legends of ancient Erin, which ne gives
to the world in modern literary dress.
He ranks among the first poets of "the
a-jre. his volume being crowned in 1S93
toy/the London Academy.
He ha6 established the irish National
Theater in Dublin, for which he has
written several plays. He has lectured
on the Revival and the theater in the
Eastern cities and has met with a great
reception.
His public lecture ¦will be held under
the auspices of the League of the
Cross and tickets may be had at room
ST, Flood building.
William Butler Yeats, Famous
Poet, Brings Laurels
From Europe.
FOUNDER OF THE CELTIC
REVIVAL, WHO IS COMING
TO THIS. CITY/.
BELLS SIGNAL
UNDER THE SEA
VICTORIA, B. C, Jan. 15. — A re
port has readied here that the ship
Simla Is ashore on Vancouver Island.
The Simla is a four-masted bark of
2087 ton; burden. She sailed from
San Francisco on December 30 hi bal
last, bound for Port Townsend, and
from there was coins to load lumber
on the sound for Newcastle. She was
In command of Captain Stecle.
PORT TOWXSEXD, Wash., Jan. 15.
A report has been received here, via
Tatoosh, that the British ship Simla,
which left San Francisco for this port
on December 30, tins been wrecked
on the coast of Vancouver Inland.
The wires are down and confirma
tion of the report is lacking. It is be
lieved that the Simla is near Vancou
ver Island and for this reason the
news carries the color of probability.
Special Dispatch to The Call
I
Well-Known Vessel Which Left
San Francisco Last Month
Reported to Have Met With
Disaster Off Vancouver, B. C.
•Secretary of the Daughters of Israel
Stricken With Pneumonia, Which
Quickly Proves Fatal.
OAKLAND, Jan.* 14.— Mrs. Sop.hie
Magnes, the wife of David J. Magnes,
and a sister of Henry, Julius and Huso
Abrahamson, died at 3 ¦ o'clock : this
morning at . her home, 1009 Castro
street, after an illness of four days.
Mrs. Magnes was taken ill with pneu
monia last Sunday, and • although
everything possible was done to save
her, she grew rapidly worse.
The deceased was a native of Ger
many and had lived In Oakland for
more than twenty-three years. She
leaves six children, -J. Leon Magnes,
who Is a rabbi in Cincinnati; D. . I.
Magnes, I. D. Magnes,- Miss Roylin
Magnes, Miss Eva Magnes "and Miss
Tessie Magnes.
Mrs. Magnes was secretary of- the
Daughters of Israel, and was a mem
ber of the Ladies' Auxiliary of the
First Hebrew Congregation. ¦
- Arrangements for the funeral have
not yet been made.
WINTERS. Jan. 14.— William Sims
died at his 'home near Winters this
morning at the age of 71 years.
Judge Sims was a native of Fayette
County, Va., and came across trie
plains to California in 1850. He was
first a miner, then a teamster, and in
1870 becoming a farmer on a large
scale. He voted at' Murderers Bar at
the first election in California, and
since then had always taken a keen in
terest in political affairs. . He .was a
Democrat, but identified himself with
the temperance movement, became
grand chief templar of the I. O. G. T.,
and ran for Lieutenant Governor on the
Prohibition ticket. He served Yolo
County six years as Supervisor, and
for many years had been a trustee of
the Good Templars' Orphans' Home at
VallejOi He was manager of large~real
estate interests in Solano and other
counties.
Judge Sims helped organize the Bank
of Winters in 1S85 and was its vice
president and secretary until his death.
He was also an organizer and heavy
stockholder in the Grangers' Ware
house at Winters. Taking a deep in
terest in Masonry he served his lodge
three times as master and represented
it many times in the Grand Lodge. Al
most from his advent in Y6lo County
he had been a School Director in his
district and president of the Winters
High School Board since tfts organiza
tion. He leaves a wife and four adult'
children.
MRS. SOPHIE MAGXES DIES
AFTKR A SHORT IL.LXESS
Special Dispatch to The Call
GIFTED SON
OF OLD ERIN
WILL LECTURE
YOLO PIONEER
OF PROMINENCE
PASSES AWAY
SHIP SIMLA
MAY HAVE
BEEN LOST
** - >» - " ,¦¦¦¦"
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 15, ¦ -1901.
5
NEWS OF ACCIDENT
AT PORT TOWXSEXD
Telegraph Wires Are Down
and Confirmation of ~*tlTe
Buraor That Came Through
Tatoosh Cannot Be Obtained
ADVERTISEMENTS.
RH tl P^^ And many other painful and seriou3
I^^I^HIb ailments from which most mothers
1 1|P i 1^ iyl suffer, can be avoided by the use of
B& 9fe Bl Bk OSSk BOB "M^^ *&&" This great remedy
BtlHKilai i^ hS raT s a to women, carrying
EVvfv^iY Rt L lift snB^l^U li '
mvwm WBlB!BkT*Br a ordeal with safety and no pain.
No woman who uses * 'Mother's Friend" need fear the suffering
and danger incident to birth; for it robs the ordeal of its horror
and insures safety to life of mother and child, and leaves her in
a condition more favorable to speedy recovery. The child is
also healthy, strong and ¦» « mm m m rai BWHt ¦ jBk
its weight in gold to every Bliw B BIbBBH
woman, and will be sent free in plain B3 g B A| W8&
envelope by addressing application to « BK [ I n§ m| ii r]
BradHcld Regulator Co. Atlanta.Ga. i sillblu W
THE EMPOBIUM. <\ I ,- THE EMPORIUM. J . THE EMPORIUM. , - •»» . ] , THE EMPORIUM .4:-^
I and Heaters ' special r Sale Goods ordered by mail Handkerchiefs 5c |
te $1 50 Foldtaj Tables— Well made, nicely or telephone will not be sent C. O. D. Regular, Value 12 1-2o J
S shellacked, , yard^measure on ; top,' suit- +*/,& Y>* ¦« To-day only 500 dozen ladies' colored em- J
J. able for -card-table;: to-day, and- Satur- \^/^ -^ 7,* M> broidered hemstitched handkerchiefs, i
X day..-., •• •=•-•; .......;- ..•'.:• &^jffl£j%Qff//'Jij7JlJWfT with such embroidered designs as bow- %
tf 85c Suvio Heater— Put them on, the gas-jet; ¦ Vi *S +' ; *'* 9/m^ *JL-=~ knots, Fleur de Lis, etc.; made of fine -J
J» heats a large room comfortably; 200'd tsmJ^li^ 1 m^ mm^' materials, and a splendid value at two "s
k " for bathroom" sale price 59c miiljj^ifr" ininnn 1 niiini 1 innr ior 25c; until closing time to-night, each. 5c %
i . — ; — ' * - ¦ - ¦-¦¦} ; — — 1 — 1 — . :«
I Bon'i Miss the Hom&furnishing Sa/es To-day and Saturday \
5 in. Furniture— A good^^M $13.50; an en- In Curtains— Good heayy net, lace curtains, at 44c |
if arneled bed for $11.85; a good mattress for $6.50; $5.00 oak hall the pair; better curtains, worth 90c a pair, to-day and to-morrow jr
J» chair $3:15; and many other articles afsimilar low prices. 64c: and excellent bedroom curtains at little prices. J
| #«C ar peJte-Your f hoice:to-day,nd Saturday of. f*^S^giS^|i||gSgg |
!?• many . of, the best .makesqf$ 1.45 and M.i5 body Brussels, sewed, .haps more. 5
5 laid and lined, ¦; 1.25.- i Choice of 40 patterns Smith and other vel- [n Crockery and Kitchenware—bhny new J
1 1 vet c'ar pets, sewed; laid and lined, $l : :05; and several good specials' n ne s added to take the place of those which have sold out since J
\K in rugs. , ', ' ": '.. ' • . the sale began Mondav morning. °J
ij^ ' '. \ , ; ' J..'.*"V .•'; • '" : — — -— — i : — ; *
j| Boys' Schoo! Suits— \nihe double-breasted coat. Young Men's Suits— Dressy suits; nothing in :?
<Jl styles; fabrics as strong *as cloth can be made; pat- better taste for. dress wear than these black unfinished worsted '5
i $ terns' and colors neat and tasty, and plenty of tffrO "O tZ suitl; strictly all - woo!; eilher doublc or «ngle-bre«ted s.clt coat, ivory blacfe X
| J them; Sizes for all ages, 8 to 14"yeafs- .'¦ . . • .,%pMmB&%9 ™<* wire weave; ages 14 to 19 years; very specially priced at . $10.00 X
|| Mew Spring Suits 50c Stationery We 35c Hosiery 23c \
,v At oiearahcoSalo Prlcoa 4OOO Boxes Whiting's Extra Friday and Saturday Only •*
K mm: Quality on Special Sale ¦ , c dozen hdi«- impomd laocy .triped, drop i
y ; " 'f w «ves in novety mixture, ia un, gray No: a box worth less than 25c, the most 'of it stitch, Richelieu ribbed, Lisle and Maco Cotton *J
fc* - -r - »nl blue efFect«;alio black; jackets lined 35c and 50c values; 24 sheets paper and 24 Hose, the famous Uropia fast black and ab- X
! ft ' 'ViX th . r ° A 8 h O u t w 'tb»J!cufT«a and trimmed envelopes to match, in either Octavo, Billet, fo-utely f«t colors; aU sizes; regularly iold OO** X
H . 0/^< s k^a^^^ Commercial or Gadstone ii«£in cream, ,: »,,. pair; Friday ,nd Saturday cnl y . . J
\»{ f/^ suit; added to the clearance sa'e at . . : . : ' heliotrope and azure tints for rt g+ -^ ™j >j
!| AM: -^^J!**?. :¦¦ ;. *'»v<^.p"b°* • •• -.- 'PC Sale Men's Suits |
I W^-§l9!^'i§&% Sale of Shoes and Overcoats 5
i| W^^ .'I'-S,': J UfSs |*« .<" «"= "r.krn ln:s of .»«».;. women* $9.50, $13.85 \
i i? ¦ 0P ': ¦¦ ¦' <37-5.o -CoaM . . .$25.00 and ch Hrcn's »hoes, resulting from lar^c sales, j
[*; :¦"<¦ :¦•¦: V fio.co Neck P.Vct. . 3t7.OO now at a litf c mo c than half rrgular values. Broken lines of $12.50 gr^ '%
¦% W \ \ '-* l \- w^ Kk C V StAOO vVe l-ave a I sizes In the different !o:s. and $15.00 suits reduced ' fj^ 5
if § 31111®! i^^^ij^^p ipi^s; j&^ i
\ft /%>. I''-- J2-*' S o CoaTs ~ Oxfjrd ties, lace an Jbut:on»hoes, white kid and satin iippirs, etc.; plain b.ue and black cheviotJ. .¦>" dr\i *
ijf . 'j$$k' : : :% : & '•- $13.45 » «s 2^ to 5 cnly, in th= a and B widths; Veduced to Broken lines of Men's ¦ '¦¦: -; * l'£\ "«
if ""¦•-, *3*-SO Coat. . . . . c O3= our; to-i,y and Satardar,^r.. .... *#*#O $ 16 . S0 t O $20.00 Suits gtigj 1 Ki %
K y^ : - :^-\i : -fri : ;S • -S2U65 Ncttlcton Shoes Ior Men— The balance of our stock of reduced to $13.85— Finest %•. -, tw .%
J. %^^vi ; .; ¦-.\S: ;i- . -f»5.oo Russan Brar ;. S .co and $6.00 Uyes in vici kid, box caf, enamd and Un calf; (a worsted Sco'ch chevi- % V- J& "2
¦% i ,^oo¦S*#^pv^ t :¦v|^i ,: k :' k ":^ ri ": te :": [ ':v.-: $3.50 « ««#%^™^. ; I Mm : ;
g *•¦> "'"-¦' F " *"**<"< : ¦:.¦'.¦¦¦ ¦'¦;. StS.es w^-s Ucc Shocs-Vici t,J .nd box ca* medium tx- j^ ->Sni.hcd wanted, ud . %JS^; j
S» M T"T^^'^^^ MM " M "'^'^^*— MM ' M^^ ' tension »o'.es, military heels, regularly iz.oo, #C?» *T jfS SS DiU - se 8"' Jt"""""^:: ?<i J-<* "%
i 118 Styles Of y^^ a!1 " C3 > " l * pric= %^ B a^fti Men's$ i2.50 and $15.00 &<0$f •{
f$ !HlB+S*W0*B*<Sl /f^^ " Women's Oxlord Tics-P-tcnt leather, with dullmat kid overcoats reduced to £
Ij. 1*8 €tUW*Sa & '/j f -' f \ " tops, hi;: Cuban heTls, rrguarly I3.00 pair', sa'e &f "722 $9.50— Both medium and *4 SlMI '5
j'aj ' .At /y r - -price %p B b £ €f extra lengths, including the &0 %
!j; Speolai Sale Prices / 4 \ s~< Women's. Lace Shoes— Best patent Jeithcr • rz^sS^r new belted back styles. II-Ij Qfj. • -J
r. In conjunction with ch: annua / ,' /QQ A "-, , . , . . , . , r , . , ttSSr^Z .. . *¦ . s -« i «.-.« nn ?' V ; ¦ «
i Mus'inweir ta!e now in progress: \* ' \P^J Co.t ckin and vici kid, Goodyear wc.tid Wf^ M t Men's$l6.50and $20.00 pt.^ 'J
K Ladies" Fine Cambric Drawers, um- \ N~^ • " soles, Cuban or military heels, all size3, K'"J overcoats reduced "to ?|? 'fyi x
ft bcliasryle.deeplawnflour.ee, Ypw-ja^-B^ regularly $3.50, sale O?*Th +*&. K*' Wtih $13.85— Cut with aU the £% -J
i ™ <f nne tuck, and : ace .price &£.<&& & dash and style of the highest £? J?
: «• 5 «»«*C # Jzg; \±f&A rrade tailor-mad: coat. *5
*- Ladies' Fme Cambric Drawers; d::p lawn flouncr, with Women's Felt Juliets — F = c lined : '^^^S — — — — "— — — — — "— — — — — —— — <
j^ machinr-made torcboi insertion and eJge; sa!e rrice and fur trimmed, red or black, . j^+ : .ji4lfgS§ar am " £ tin •*
'% L^D,^liii-i.-fc.-«ii^i :^Sffi Mib'e . ,o!», mediim hceX Jjm?& BB^a/HS fOr Metl K$
*. bnlla «t>':e and hands m.-ly trimmed with ruffl;s cr tcr- regu.arly Jl.OO, gSPZf* sd&ltd&Z&y k^-^^\T\ TWO %
£ ihm lac: or rin: emb.o.cer>; sil? price . . . . 48C !a ' e P r ' cc -«. •. • • w*FC* filUis^^ 8^ /7\fK ¥% Bio SfJCCta/S X
*; Ladies' Drawers'— In fin: cambrx, umbrella Kyle, with _ ! , . ,,..,.., OrVV^ hB f Or FfldaV *
J. . deep lawn flounce, two row* of lace insertion and dainty t!^^ft MlSSSS'and Children's ShOCS — Vlc l kid and j [tyy] BxHi-M 1 »— ## <£»/.,¦•#/«' "5
»¦ lace edge; sale price 1 . ;''.-,>-. ¦'•' . ¦ V'\- . '. . Q80 I^^B box cllt » lacc 8t y le » wcl I-made shoes ' with "extension UN «HH oa*I//*tfay •»
jl ' ' ' ¦¦¦¦>¦¦¦¦¦ —¦¦¦ .-'¦¦ ' -¦¦ - ¦ H# •\l so:rs; children'* sizes ly' z to ii, that -wer: 1 1. 75 pair, I / Mt^ Men's 50c Fancy Hose— In J
\- GroceHes'-Liquorsr. m'% ' ¦Z£H&?££r* .VJ» "&^ SS:-5^S$S3! S
|| Friday and Saturday 'wb&&3m' I '*?> SJoor G ? rf ««^~ """¦ N .*Tffl) a'iT-£*Bt-2: |
» Butter— Gooi F.rkin creamery butter that we^have been ***S^|^ with leather solc», just the ihot for school g|*- at Fr dav and Sa-u-day Special %
£¦> sellng at 30c a lb., for the two davs . ¦'. . * . 2SC wear and S»cd looking enough for Sunday, V jlj J?|J( . P R Ce pa ir '.*>*% «
X Kona Coffee- Deluioui flavor, lb. .' 19O regularly ? 1.75 P a ' r » fa ' c P^« * or sizes 12 to z $1.15 /^'fj 7£%3G > X
. Bakin 5 Powder-Em ? o rIummo ne y: b i ckk 1 nd,,-lb.t l rs GuHaifff S&S® good flannelette,. neat Kripekct^he regular 7S c far-
If Atnari.Mit--F t " iv" ,'¦ " * ' ' ' " ' * oS mmmmmm **mmm%jm . mints, cut fuU and long; Friday and Saturday, each.-f 7© «
J Oo P odV?hUke y -sS;.; n cham P :on;-K.ti;n;r^ Lace Curfains, good heavy net, overlocked.^^. Men's Underwear- Natural Merino, i» , we^hc suitable %
Jf Old Nelson, bottle .. . . . ; . 75O »tltch; to-day and baturday, pair-. . . . T"^mr for early spring wear; non-shrinkable and serviceaWe gar- j^
X Bourbon Whiskey— Sour mash, straight goods;, 2 bottles 50 pairs better curtains, 3 yards long, 56 inchrs wide, ments; each . $1.OO 5
J r , : V * V • • • ; • ' • •••••• *'/.OO wort h ooc at least per pair; to-day and ' g±jg^ Mtn ' s Co!f Shlrls-The soring shirts m the new 1904 g
£> Uub LocKtai s — Manhattan, whiskey, etc., irgularly -, . .. ¦ ' mS^^C ra:trrm hare amrcd; novelties in neat str:pes, dstj and .t
** $1.25 bottle . . .<. ...... . . . . . 070 oaturday . . • . . ** ¦ " figures; good madras and percales; all with separate caffi; JX
Jf Hock White Wine— A good dinner wine, gal. . . 4-5o Excellent Bedroom Curtains ct small expense. each. . . S1.OO {*
K . . . . . ....... x
ADVERTISEMENTS.
|| Cut the Can ||
Bgj and compare the quality of Bra
ii Brand m
11 Evaporated 8
B Oeam 8
1 9 with any of its imitations, ip
E|Ej3 Not: the difference. See how Ha
Gw|4£:r.ooth and appetizing cur «B3
tj^l product is. owing to its tagi
t|££ heavy consistence, which HH
gsg keeps the butter fat equally §K|
la distributed, in contrast with WEB
r|fl the cheap and thin imita- jm
B3&L tions vhich allow the but- g&XSL
J§£J4 ter * at t0 ri3e ar:cl form fUllm.
• 1
COME EARLY!
THEY ARE HERE!
A Carload Arrived Yesterday
|T?S20th CENTORYI
' COOK BOOK f
All persons sending to
the Cook Book Depart-
ment of this paper a six
months' subscription to
The Daily and Sunday
Call may secure one of the
Twentieth Century Cook
Books at the premium rate
of SOC. ' ...
All Call subscribers may
take advantage of this
offer.
' - ¦ ¦ '- ' • •
IOut-oM own subset ifaers should remit I
20c tddifisnil te prepay transportation I
chirgas. 1
ii i -¦""-"— viiimiiiiiimiii m himTwo Men Die in Freight Collision.
MOLINE, X. Y., Jan. 14.— Joseph
"Wright, an. inspector of Chinese, and
James Hodges were killed In a freight
collision _ near Reiftes Point to-day.
Frank- Mitchell was' fatally 7 ; injured.
Wright was ; watching • for Chinese to
prevent their crossing the border. The
firemen and two other men . were hurt
slightly. - .";.:.; : - -
¦ ? « I
BALTIMORE, J«n. H.-Oom F. Randolph \
w«s to-<Sajr elected vice prr»i<:«st aad tntte I
oanacer of the Baltimore mud Ofcto system. '
PlTTSBl-Ra J*a. Ii.~r* XV J Hal**2±
2£2!2?.J* -*£• <*n»«rt* n^ia»^ Is "r*»-
IT^7*. * ***?* ¦» ?«P«tUKn» e*xt*?nr.S
4j*xyT^J ta«^piSaSk °* WW* ** *)*rt|r **"
, Tainaka. a Japanese employed 'as
porter In Lacy"s saloon. 624 Market
street, was killed yesterday morning
by being caught in. the sidewalk ele
vator and crushed aganist the ' iron
'doors and the curbing. He forgot to
open the sidewalk doors and was fa
tally crushed. Tainaka was 24 years
old. .
Crushed by an Elevator.
of protests filed against the action
taken by the Health Board en the Sth
inst. in dismissing certain civil service
appointees, and in abolishing certain
offices formerly held by civil service
appointees. These protests will be
considered at a special meeting to be
held to-day at 2 o'clock. The commls;
sion requests the Health Board to be
represented at the meeting and to pre
sent to the commission for its consid
eration Information upon the following
matters:
First, the duties of the deputy health
ofQcer; second, the duties of -the chief
inspecting physician: third, the ''duties
of the Inspecting physicians; fourth,
the reasons for the dismissal of the
experienced clerks, and what rule was
followed by your honorable board f or
determining the order of dismissal.
"During the year of 1&04." declared
Mayor Wyncoop. under the seal of his
office, "every bachelor in Severance
must accept., any offer of mar
riage made him by any unmarried
lady" in the -city or give a. good
and i sufficient reason for his re
fusal. Such reason will be
considered invalid unless the bachelor
is already engaged. Any bachelor
violating the provisions of this procla
mation will be considered an improper
person to inhabit the city of Severance
and steps will be taken to deprive him
of his citizenship."
— Severance is a town of 1500 inhabi
tants and the proclamation has creat
ed consternation among the unmarried
male residents.
TOPEKA, Kans.. Jan. 14. — One of
the most unique proclamations ever
issued by a Kansas&Mayor was given
publicity this week by W. J. Wyncoop,
chief executive of Severance.
Kansas Mayor Issues a Unique but
--. Sweeping Proclamation Against
v Unmarried Men of His Town.
BACHELORS MUST ACCEPT
ANT" OFFER OF MARRIAGE
Prefers Death to Sarctcml Operation.
NEW TORK. J»a. 14.- cr«rSonat
president of the Owl Commercial Com-
l ZT d' * ,* ranch * *fc* International
7°^ CCO « Comp * nr * c< w°n^«ed, suicide
In his ofSce to-day b. ahoot^s It ia
Former Clergyman Is Sent to Prison.
NEW YORK. Jan. 11— Charles O.
Alden. formerly a clergyman and late
of the New York City Board of Char
ities, was sentenced to-day to an In
definite term of from one to five years
in prison. He was charged with em
bezzling 54000 from the "alimony fund,**
composed of money deposited with the
board for the payment of alimony, and
manipulating his books to cover up the
defalcation.
.-DENVER, Cola. Jan. i«,_ A special to
the Republican from C: ppJe Creek say*
the most Important goM s_rtke ever
mad*, la the district became kaowa to
day. It w*s oa Bemcon i. A six-root
vein averaging »» per toa was uncov
ered, through which streaks wh'ci
assay as high as J15O.0OO pt- too.
Vast Gold Strike at Cripple Creek.
WINTERS. Jan. 14.— Two Ch:acs.
met with a fatal accident here Sun
d night. Several of them wex* ou
their way* home and oat. fell -
from a cliff. Another fsdearcret^ to
see what had become of his coxspanloa
and tumbled from the cliff Its nejy! Use
:ame place. Both vere carried home
and died in a few hour:. One . : them.
Ah Woo. was an old .esiden; «i4 w«n
known fruit grower.
While Journeying Alonx » Road
Near Winters.
Two Men Lose Their Lives at Night
CHINESE ARE KILLED
BEFALL FROM A CUFF
Subpenas to appear before "the
Grand Jury were issued for two local
ticket brokers, for E. J. Linbery. pres
ident of the St. Louis Ticket Brokers*
Association, and for Speaker Gaxzalo
of the House and Delegate , John R.
Fontana.
ST. LOUIS. Jan. 14.— Circuit At
torney Folk was informed to-day that
a representative of the House of Dele
gates combine had solicited a bribe o*
$10,000 from certain St. Louis ticket
brokers to kill the bill lately passed
prohibiting the scalptng of railroad ex
cursion tickets. It is now. charged that
delegates voted for the bill In retalia
tion for the refusal of ticket brokers
to subscribe to a boodle fund.
Cliarge That a Representative of the
. House of T>elesatcs Solicited a
$10,000 Bribe From Them.
ST. IjOUIS TICKET BROKERS
MAKE SERIOUS AIiLEGATIOX
The managers of the'Chutes appeared
before the Supervisors* Fire Committee
yesterday and asked permission to In
stall a perforated pipe system; of
sprinklers in lieu of the automatic
sprinklers required by the ordinance.
A practical illustration of the system
will be made at- the old Tivoli and the
committee decided to wifness the test
before granting the* petition.
The committee was prepared to re
port In favor of the ordinance requiring
the installation of ground 'floor pips
casing holes through the first story of
buildings, having seen a practical il
lustration of the same at the Rialto
building. As a number of merchants
are opposed to the plan action was
postponed to give them an opportunity
to be heard.
Supervisors* Fire Committee Favors
Installation of Pipe Casing Holes
in Basements.
WILL WITNESS TEST OF
SYSTEM OF SPRINKLERS
McEJroy's position was abolished by
the board, to take effect January 31
next. -'i" ''¦
•*I hope that your honorable body
will be as devoted and as -uccessful
in caring «for the unfortunate sick as
your predecessors, under whom I had
the pleasure and the honor to serve for
the last two years. Respectfully,'
~b. f. Mcelroy.
"Resident Physician,"
"Having a little regard for my own
professional reputation and feeling
some resentment against what I be
lieve to be an Indignity to the medical
profession. I can see no other course.
"The present organization of the City
and County Hospital places the chief
medical officer in a subservient and
undignified position and under the dom
ination of a man unfitted to appreciate
the impulses of medical men.
•"To- the Honorable the Board *of
Health of the city and county, of San
Francisco— Gentlemen: I hereby resign
the offlce of resident physician of the
City and County Hospital, to take ef
fect January 15. 1904.
Dr. B. F. McElroy. resident physi
cian of the City and County Hospital,
resigned his position yesterday. The
resignation was filed with the Board
of Health. McElroy resigns because
his position is now distasteful to him
owing to the appointment of a war
den, John N. Elbert, who exceeds Mc-
Elroy in authority.
Dr. McElroy's letter of resignation
follows:
"SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 14. 1904.
Resident Physician of City nnd Coun
ty Hospital Resents Indignity.
dr. n. p. Mcelroy resigns.
California Medical College — Drs. J. B.
Mitchell. J. EL Mason, G. G. Gere, E.
Mercer, W. A. Harvey. C. Clark. H. W.
Hunsaker and A. B. Nelson.
The petition of the Funeral Directors*
Association that Clerk Frank J. Stan
ton be reinstated was filed.
B. Bryant, C. i B. Potter, Joseph T.
Brooks. James W. Ward. H. R. Arndt,
D. G. Bennett. T. G. McConkey, Guy
Manning. P. Rice and R. F. Tomlin
sjon.
As a result of a visit of inspection
to several schools by School Directors
Roncovierl and Walsh the Board of
Education will establish new classes in
the Pacific Heights, Crocker, Dudley
Stone and probably the Hearst
schools.
The two directors found that the
classes in each of the schools were
filled with pupils, and they agreed to
recommend to their colleagues that
two additional classes be formed in
the Pacific Heights, one class in the
Crocker and one in the Dudley Stone
in order to accommodate the. over
flowing attendance.
The conditions at the Hearst School
were found to be a little more favor
able, and it. was decided that another
class would be established In the
Hearst which now has nineteen
classes occupied only in case there is
a still greater, increase in the attend
ance.
Will Relieve Congested Attendance in
Pacific Heights, Crocker, Hearst
. • and Dudley Stone Schools.
BOARD OF EDUCATION TO
ESTABLISH NEW CLASSES
On being asked why he voted for Mr.
Levy to displace Mr. Emery he said it
was for the best interests of the de
partment.
¦ "Do you know any of the men for
whom you voted?" was asked.
"No," was the reply.
"Don't you think as a point of pru
dence you should have informed your
sBFf^m ¦¦•¦¦•¦ ...-•¦•
"Well, all doctors look alike to me,"
was the smiling retort.
The witness then tacitly admitted
that he had voted blindly for the men
and had never even looked at the
charter. He had heard of such a thing
as civil service, but had never read the
rules of the commission. His first In
troduction to his appointees was when
he read the resolution which he after
ward Introduced.
"Why is it that the same sanitary
Inspection which under civil service
cost $6000 will now cost $10,200; is that
The committee reported in. favor, of
accepting the advice of the City Attor
ney, that 'the city purchase a right of
way along Corbett avenue westerly
from Douglass street to Clara avenue
and that the Board of Public .Works
construct out of its own funds a basalt
block pavement and stone sidewalks
thereon.
The petition of property owners that
Mission street be widened and paved
from East to Ninth streets was laid
over for one week.
of Public Works for investigation and
report the petition of •; the California
Stevedore and Ballast Company for
permission to blasts for grad
ing purposes on the northeast corner
of Lombard and Montgomery streets. '.
When the legislative, executive, and
judicial bill was reported by the com
mittee to the House, separate votes
were demanded on amendments which
struck out provisions for the expenses
of the Civil Service Commission and
Inc'reusing.the salary of the Governors
and secretaries of New Mexico and
Arizona,, and reducing the salary of
the directon of th\» census. All other
amendments were adopted without di
vision. Delegates Rodey of New Mex
ico and "Wilson of Arizona made ap
peals for the -increase of salaries for
the r Territorial' officials/ while Hemen
way. said that the . committee had
brought in a bill free from increases
and he hoped -none would be made.
An amendment to the bilj was
adopted restricting the use of Govern
ment horses and carriages to the Pres
ident, his secretary and Cabinet of
ficers.
The House to-day, by a vote of 172
to "88, refused to sustain the action
of the committee of the whole, which
yesterday adopted an amendment
striking out the paragraph providing
for the salaries and expenses- of the
Civil Service Commission, thus restor
ing the item to the bill. An amend
ment adopted in committee increasing
the salaries of Territorial officers in
New Mexico and Arizona was voted
down, 96 to 71; and one reducing the
salary of the director of the census
waa lost, 101 to 52.
WASHINGTON; Jan. 14 — The House
to-day passed the legislative, execu
tive and judicial appropriation bill,
carrying an aggregate of ,129,711,700,
and' then adjourned until Monday.
This the second big supply measure
to pass the House!
Officials Is Voted Down
Amendment Increasing the Pay
of New Mexico and Arizona
for" the best
VOTES FOR STRANGERS.
The witness did not care to answer,
but Mr. Ruef informed him that there
was no objection to an answer, and he
replied that Mr. Ruef had given him
them. The answer was received with
an outburst of laughter, in which even
Mr. Ruef joined. I
Further Dr. Hughes«stated that he
knew nothing of the men deposed or
to be appointed and had made no study
of the needs of the department, but
considered that the changes would be
Questioned by Mr. Brandensteln. the
witness admitted that he knew of no
reason why the positions were abol
ished.
"Where did you first see the resolu
tions?" Brandensteln asked.
"In the Mayor's office." was the re
ply. V
"Who gave them to you?"
Hughes promptly took the advice and
said he wns unable to answer. When
pressed strongly, he said that' were he
to find that the duties of the sanitary
inspector and district health officer
were Identical he would be willing to
rescind the action taken at the last
meeting of the Board of Health. He
thought, however, that the range of
duties of the health officer would be
wider than that of sanitary Inspector.
TAKES RUEF'S ADVICE.
Abraham Ruef was present and when
a pertinent question was asked regard
ing the difference between the duties of
the district health officer and the san
itary inspectors, advised that no an
swer be given.
As no one wished to ask further
questions of Dr. Ward he was excused
and Dr. Hughes called to the stand.
In answer to questions by Supervisor
D'Ancona. Dr. Hughes said the depu
ty health officer was to fill the position's
of statistician, bookkeeper, stenogra
pher and secretary. He knew nothing
of any provisions of the charter re
quiring appointees to be selected from
the civil service list and had never con
ferred with his colleanue.
The Joint committee of the Super
visors on Health and Finance met
again last nie?ht to continue the inves
tigation Into the alleged violations of
the civil service law by the Board of
Health. The Inquiry developed the fact
that none of the members so far exam
ined knew anything regarding either
the old or new appointees until the
board organized.
Braunhart interjected a few ques
tions and elicited the Information that
Stlnson practically knew nothing of the
duties of the position of statistician,
had never been in the statistician's of
fice and did not know where it was
located. With Dr. Ward he had care
fully investigated the merits of the men
who were going out and those who
would come in, but could give no In
formation regarding the nature of the
investigations without referring to his
list.
Dr. Pohelm testified that he had
never received any instructions as to
his duties and had never seen the reso
lutions regarding appointments until
they were given him In the Mayor's
office last Saturday.
The investigation will be resumed at
8 o'clock to-night; .
Rraunhart at this point asked the
witness directly why he had abolished
certain offices on the ground of econ
omy and recreated them under other
names. Ruef objected to the question
and the witness finally gave the same
answer he had repeated a score of times
to various questions: "To increase the
efficiency of the department." In fact
this was his stock answer, taking the
place of the customary "I don't know"
with reluctant witnesses.
On examination by Judge Slack the
witness said he had examined the char
ter In a desultory way and was satis
fled that no violation was belng'made.
The new men, he said, were more
efficient than the former employes, al
though many of them he did not know
personally.
Dr. Stlnson said that while he -had
been a member of the board for a year,
he was always frozen out of the secret
meetings and knew nothing of what
was going on. With Dr. Ward, Dr.
Stlnson had gone carefully over the
proposed changes and .was satisfied
that no violations of the charter were
being made.
Brandenstein questioned the witness
as to secret sessions of the board and
what inquiry he had made regarding
the qualifications of the men dismissed.
Dr. Stlnson resorted to evasive answers.
He and Dr. Ward, he pre
pared the list of dismissals and appoint
ments, .but could not remember in
what manner or for what reason -the
choices were made. None of the names
were submitted by Schmltz or Ruef.
The Mayor, however, had made, sug
gestions regarding names but had made
no demands.
On the advice at Ruef the witness
refused to tell what names the Mayor
had suggested. The resolutions were
drafted by Ward and Stlnson with
Ruef's assistance, but the information
as to just what assistance Ruef had
given was very vague. •
MATTER OF EFFICIENCY.
Deputy Health Officer Levy then took
the stand and was asked regarding his
duties. He told how he had been In
structed regarding his duties by the
president of the board. He said that
the duties are very simple and could
easily be carried out by any person
of average Intelligence. The secretary
job he described as the easiest part
of the whole business. Questioned by
Judge Slack, he admitted that state
ments he had made regarding the ab
sence of Secretary Emery and others
from the office were based merely on
hearsay.
Dr. Stlnson was next called. He was
satisfied that the offices of bookkeeper,
stenographer, secretary and assistant
could be satisfactorily filled by one
man. but that Levy, the appointee,
could fill it better than a man on the
civil service list. Like Dr. Hughes, he
seemed to know nothing of the* duties
of sanitary Inspectors.
A FLING AT OLD BOARD.
At this point Brandensteln poured a
little hot shot into Ruef. Ruef had
contradicted a statement of the chair
and Brandensteln objected, saying that
it was not. a court of justice and It
looked ill for a person there by cour
tesy of the committee to contradict the
chair.
On redlrect-examlnatlon, In answer
to a- question as to why he found # it
necessary when consolidating the of
fices to go outside the civil service list,
the witness said that, It being a new
position, he did not consider the civil
service.
Ruef's questions were of a leading
nature and as a rule were answered by
a simple "Yes." Dr. Hughes was cer
tain that Deputy Health Officer Levy
could easily do the work of the five
men he had. displaced.
FORGOT CIVIL SERVICE.
in th« Interest of economy?" was
asked.
Before the witness could answer he
was stopped by Ruef, who said all
would be brought out in the cross-ex
amination.
On cross-examination by Ruef Dr.
Hughes said he never had conferred
with any of his fellow members'ex
cept as to rules of the City and County
Hospital.
The following were appointed on the
staff of .visiting physicians at the City
Hospital:
Hahnemann. Medical College— Drs. E.
The resignations of N. A. Kopp, baker
at the City Hospital, and Martin L.
Welch, ambulance driver, were ac
cepted and Robert Burke was appoint
ed to thr latter vacancy.
Clara B. Lawton's resignation as
nurse at the Almshouse was accepted.
Miss LAwton was appointed by the
new board.
The petition of the nurses' at the City
Hospital for the retention cf Mary F.
Strand -- nead nurse was lil«*d.
The following internes were appoint
ed at the Citv Hospital: Dr. F. F.
Hart, homeopathic school; J. W.
Schmttz. eclectic school.
Mrs. R. E. Phelton, clerk at the
Emergency Hospital, was granted a
sixty days' leave of absence.
NAMES VISITING STAFF.
Th" Hoard of Health met yesterday
and evinced its desire to carry out the
announced intention of Dr. James W.
Ward. ]ir«'niJcnt of the board, to com
pjy with «h<- civil service previsions of
thp charter in all Instance* where it
could be shown thnt the removals were
n«'t mndo In accordance with these pro
vision*. The boairt restored to their
position* Food Inspector* Durham and
n*-urdan. I^airy Inspector and
Milk Inujtertor O. S. Mish, who were
removed lust Saturday, b stand high
er on the eligible list than some who
were retained.
Chief Inspecting Physician Hassler
flied grave charts agalnFt ex-Asslst
ent Sanitary tnpsectora Hartley and
Oreen. which were referred to Drs.
Btfnson and Hushes for immediate ln
vesttKation. liaiicler chard' that im
mediately after Hartley a..d Gret.i
vie remo\-i«d from their positions on
Intt Saturday they wi 'fu".ly destroyed
certain official records. ?n« destruction
conpisted in tearing a number <>f pages
out of the official letter-book, consisting
c{ notices of complaints sent to various
parties as i\ result of the reports made
by th? two inspectors.
The position of Dr. W. C. Hopper on
the sanitary staff In Ch.natown was
declared vacant by the btard.
Edward P. O'Connor was appointed
dairy Inspector in place of K. C. Smith.
J. T. Durham was appointed food in
spector In place of J. V. Classy.
O. B. Mlsh and J. T. f ilvelra were ap
pointed milk inspector*.
1>. ileardan was appointed food In
spector in place of Silveira, transferred
to rr.llk inspector.
Dr. Ward stated that the four men
had been restored to \htlt positions be
cause the invrstiRation held by the
Supervisors had disclosed »hat the civil
service rules had been disregarded and
that the board was now prepared to
correct any of its transjcesslons.
The position of dislnterment inspect
or* held by Lawrence Walsh, was abol
ished and the position of cemetery in
spector was created and Walsh was re
appointed thereto.
Accepts resignation.
Investigation Is Ordered Into
Charges That ]>rs. Hartley
mid Green Destroyed Records
EX-1XSPECTORS rXDER FIRK
PASSES LEGISLATIVE BILL
Health Board Restores Several
Dismissed Employes to Places
in Consonance With Rule
¦ « "¦ -
Refuses to Sustain Action Re
jecting Appropriations for
Pay of .Federal ''Commission
Say One Man Can Fulfill Duties of Five
Who -Were Dismissed and That Service
\; Demanded the Slaughter of Politicians
COMPLIES WITH
CIVIL SERVICE
HOUSE UPHOLDS
CIVIL SERVICE
HEALTH BOARD MEMBERS
ANSWER MORE QUESTIONS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY IB, 190*.
Supervisors' Street Committee Recom
mends That Thoroughfare Be
Called Presidio Avenue.
The Supervisors* Street Committe«
yesterday recommended that the nam«
of Central avenue from Geary street
to the Presidio be changed to Presidio
avenue.
The committee referred to . the Board
FAVORS CHANGING NAME
OF CENTRAL AVENUE
The Civil Service Commission met
yesterday morning and ordered a com
munieation' sent to the Health Board
calling attention to the violation of its
rules In dismissing certain food inspec
tors who •we're originally appointed
previous to others who were retained.
The commission informed the board
that the places of two milk inspectors
must be filled by food inspectors. The
Health Board met also and carried out
the decree of the Civil Service Commis
sion regarding the places mentioned
before receiving the latter's communi
cation.
The commission also inclosed copies
Board to Reinstate Employes.
Civil Service Commission Notifies
lays dowx the rules.
6
OF SAN FRANCISCO |
Room 217 Crossley Building I
Corner Mission and New Montgomery Streets g
OFFICE HbURS— 9 a. m. to 5 p. m. |
Beauty is Within Your Reach
DEAUTY depends so much are healthful and sensible. They
- *-' upon what you do, that it is not only make a woman look bet-
pradically within reach of every >^^^^^^^^^^^ ter * ut make her feel better,
woman. In her really great series They show that health and at-
of papers, "The Fountain of tradiveness go together. They
Youth," Doctor Grace Peckham J|||^$L'-1 analyze a woman's charm and
Murray shows plainly how beauty te^ er w to °btain **• No
is the result of a woman's care suc^ remarkable series of papers
of herself. She tells you just as ' cver cen published. No^
what is to be done to the hair, woman can afford to ignore
teeth, eyes, complexion and hands V them. Every woman who wants
to make even a plain Woman at- y *5%^Bm^' to be attractive should get The
tractive. All of her suggestions -. . Delineator and read these papers.
- ¦¦¦'¦¦ . /
i • .
¦ RS * OSBORN !
* as k ecome *^ e sm a rte^ dressmaker of the best dressed set in
0&^iys$F$tt the world. She is no mere dressmaker — she is a creator of &yles.
tr^^^^j^^r ' *^* le cnows how to tell what she knows, and she tells it in The
fflr^P' G^' Nwi^NI««l§ Delineator. What she writes is in addition to seventy new de-
||fjg t signs by The Delineator's own staff. She tells this month, as
wk.^^^lffl^ i* nas never t> cen l °W before, the real secret of the new skirt,
J u^ h° w long and how full it should be, and how it should hang.
She also tells about the famous .-jgSggSgSfe^ ° i
The True Love of Music
is so intense that it follows the great songslers into their intimate,
daily home lives. The second of the prima donna series treats
of Calve, who of the world's great singers probably has the moil
interesting personality. No woman who knows of Calve can
fail to be interested in this story of her life. /
and see how many things there are in it which help to make a woman's entire fife worth while.
You will then know why it is the most necessary magazine for women.
Of your newidealer or any Buttenck agent, or of the pcblanen, at 13 cenSi * copy; $1.00 a Tear.
v : THE BUTTERICK PUBLISHING COMPANY, linked. 7 Wot Thirteenth Street. New York
Subscriptions to The Delineator can be handed In at any of the foUowlng Bntterlck Agencies In tiii^ cityi
The Buttcrick Publishing Co. (Ltd.), 201 Post Street.
The Emporium. ;" :.; . v
Wclnstock, Lubln & Co., Grant Avenue and Geary street.
- . ' I. S. Cohen. . . 1-1 5 Sixth street.
J. W. Eaton. 630 McAllister street.
I S. M. Cohen & Bro., 1305 Stockton street.
W. C. Hays, 1303 Polk street-
Schoenholx' Bros. & Co., 2011-JJ01S Fillmore street.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
MAKE PEACE WITH
YOUR STOMACH
You Are Certain to IjOsc If You At-
tempt the Use of Force ami Violence.
You cannot force your stomach to do
work that it fs unaMe and unwilling to
do. It has b?m tried time and again,
xvlth always the same result. The stom-
ach if a sond and faithful servant, but
when jiush<»d beyond tho limit it rebels.
pome stomachs will Ftand much more
abuse than Othera, but every stomach
has its limit, ?nd when that limit is
fetched It is a v«»ry dangerous and un-
vise proofvdlng «o attempt to force tt
" into doing further work. The sensible
and reasonable coarse is to employ a
substitute to carry on the work of di-
B~estlon and k'iv<* the stomach an op-
portunity to recuprrate and regain its
loFt strength.
Stuart's Dyypcpsia Tablets are the
only rerfwi substitute to tak»» up and
carry on the- work of tirod. worn-out
stomachs. They are natural and easy
in thrir work and CftQM no disturbance
In the digestive organs. They contain
alt the essential elements that make up
' the castne Juice and other digestive
fluid*, and will direst any food that a
rtropR. healthy stomach will, and do it
In the *am* time and in the same way.
They work independently of s»urround-
lnc conditions, and the fact that the
¦tcmach i!« weak or diseased does not
Influence thf m at all in their useful and
effective work. Thcv will digest food
just as well in a glass Jar or bottle as
thfy will in a stomach. You can se«
that for yourself by putting one of
them into a jer with a square meal and
eome water to enable it to work.
Stuart's Dgrspt&sla Tablets by thus
relieving the stomach of Its work enable
that organ to rest and recuperate and
regain Its hralth and rtrength. The
process is perfectly natural And plain.
Nature will heal the stomach Just as
Fhe heal* a wound or a broken limb if
the is not Interfered with and is per-
mitted to do her work in her own way.
All interference is prevented by Stu-
art's Dyspepsia Tablets, •
Stuart's Dysr>er«Sa Tablets are for
sale by druggists everywhere at 50
cents a box. and if you are adicted
<*.y*pepsia one box will make you
frel fifty times better. You will forget
you have a stomach and rejoice In the
forjretfulness, .Vo druggist would be so
short -sighted as "to 'try to get along
"without Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets, for
they are no popular and are so well
known for the rtx>d they have done and
the happiness they have caused that
any druggist eaught without them
would lose the confidence of his cus-
tomers and be regarded as below the
standard. His business would suffer as
a result and his patrons would go to
other stores and buy their drugs there.
as well as their Stuart's Dysr*psla Tab!
* _ • _ • " V ¦¦¦«.,*¦. ¦ - i " I
- Tlic *>fllclal Views of -the
Louisiana Purchase Exposition
to be i held at ¦ St. Louis will bo
Issued as supplements to The
Sunday Call beginning with the
Issue of Sunday, January 31st.
Agents and newsdealers will do
well to' order carry, as there will
be a great demand for these
beautiful views.
ST. LOUIS
FAIR VIEWS
IN BEAUTIFUL COLORSMany Prunes Are Condemned.
Those contemplating an excursion trip
to Alaska the coming summer should at
tend the lecture to be given by Mr. : ,.E.
Burton Holmes In Lyric^Hali, 121, Eddy
street, on the evening of January 19.
Mr. Holmes illustrates his work 2 by
many fine stereoptlcon views, Including
a number of motion pictures. : - ¦
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company
will run six exclusive, excursions to
Alaska, season' of 1904,' leaving Seattle.
Tacoma and Victoria June 7-21, July
5-13 and Augusf2-16.
¦ ¦ Full Information, including- illustrated
descriptive literature, may be obtained
at ticket ' offices,- . 4 •• New Montgomery
8t. (Palace. Hotel) :or 10 %Market< st. ' C.
D. Dunann,- General Passenger Agent. •
Alaska Excursions.
[The various officers who are to serve
the Gentlemen's Sodality for the
present year 1 will be installed in their
chapel on Hayes street Sunday morn
ing -next; at the 7:30 mass. The • im
posing ceremony, of Investing with rib
bons and insignia of office will / take
placed after' the first-Gospel, when the
Very _' : R,ev. ; V Father Frieden/ S.
J.,'. president, of St.. Igmatius, will
officiate^ as .well as deliver, a discourse
on the "duties of officers. He will be
assisted; by Rev. J. P. Hickey, S. J.,
spiritual- director, of the society.
Installation of Officers.
Miss Josie Cline. 410 Taylor street,
had a narrow escape from death
yesterday morning. Shortly before 2
o'clock the landlady's attention was at
tracted to Miss Cline's room by the
odor of gas. She entered - the room
and found gas escaping from a defect
ive fixture. A physician was sum
moned and Miss Cline was soon pro
nounced out of danger. . .
Has Narrow Escape.
SAX JOSE, Jan. 14.— Nearly^ ' 200
business men of this city will go to
Los -Angeles to-morrow- on a special
excursion. The trip is made under
the auspices of the Chamber of Com
merce, and the train will be one of
the." finest ever run over the road. The
object is to observe the methods of the
Los Angeles boomers and to then ap
ply their way to the advancing of this
city and valley. Nearly every, town
in the county will be represented.
Los Angeles- will entertain the visitors
by. excursions. and rides " and recep
tions and .'dinners. , .
Two Hundred Business Men to Make
n Trip to Observe Methods of
Municipal Improvement. .
SAX JOSE MERCHANTS
TO VISIT LOS, ANGELES
G. G. Vickerson. business agent of
the Walters' Unicn, yesterday caused
the arrest of M. Johnson, proprietor of
a Market-street restaurant, on a charge
of battery. ' Vickerson and a photogra
pher named Marshall were in front of
Johnson's establishment, taking photo
graphs c-f persons who entered the
place, when the proprietor remon
strated, with the result that during an
altercation which followed it is claimed
Johnson kicked Vickerson. Later in
the day the photographer was taken
into custody for refusing to move on
when ro ordered by the police. John
son says he did not kick Vickerson.
but kicked the camera cut of his hands.
Business Agent Vickcrson of Union
Says He wes Assaulted by a
Boycotted Proprietor.
Yesterday was the first time in the
history of the custom-house that the
officials in that department remained
on duty until midnight. They did this
in order that any coal laden ships
coming to this port might make free
entry of cargo, so as to avoid the pay
ment of the duty of 67 cents a ton,
which goes into force to-day.
The Alice Lee, with 4500 tons of
coal, was fully due yesterday and the
consignees had two tugs outside the
heads looking for her, hoping to get
her within the three-mile limit by
midnight and thereby save the tax.
The British collier Longships arrived
last r.ight in time to save the duty.
Officials Remain nt Their Posts to
Enable Coal Cargoes to Enter
Under the Old Law.
CUSTOM-HOUSE REMAINS
OPEN UNTIL MIDNIGHT
William :J. -Dingee, the well known
capitalist and recently appointed Park
Commissioner," is confined to his bed
at his residence, 1882 Washington
street, with an 'attack of bronchitis.
Mr. Dingee contracted a severe cold
recently and last Monday afternoon
was forced -to take to his bed a.nd
bronchitis developed later. ¦
, It was reported late Wednesday
night that Mr. Dingee was very low
and that. death might ensue at any
moment. This report proved to be
untrue, • as Mr. , Dingee has not been
seriously affected since his, illness and
it is expected that he will soon be able
to be out and "around.
ing a Severe Cold.
Well Known Capitalist Is Forced to
Take to Ills Bed After Contract-
WILLIAM J. DIXGEE.IS .^l;
• ... ILL WITH BRONCHITIS
WAITER CAUSES ARREST -
OF A RESTAURANT -OWNER
A rplendid thing to promote her hap
piness is for a man to be so absent
minded that he will make love to his
¦wife.
OAKLAND, Jan. 14. — A meeting of
the board of the Alameda Teachers'
Annuity Association will be held next
Saturday, when Miss Elizabeth Pow
ell, the first teacher "to be retired on
an annuity by the Alameda associa
tion, will be placed on tjje retired list.
For many years she has been identi
fied with the Oakland School Depart
ment.. '~ :
Will Get Her Annuity.
NEW YORK, Jan. 14.— The following
Californians are in Xew York: From
San Francisco— J. A. Allen, at the
Broadway Central; H. James at the
Hoffman House,, v and T. R. Richardson
and wife at the New Amsterdam.
From Los Angeles — H. W. Ayres, at
the Grand Union.
Californlans In Xew York.
CaluwHl, who formerly lived in New
York and who is connected with
prominent people in this city, disap
peared in his automobile on January
5. Diligent search was made but it
was rot until yesterday afternoon that
he was found. His automobile,
¦which was lying in a ditch some dis
tance from the main road, had been
burned trom an explosion of gasoline
and Caldwell perished in the flames
His body was burned to a blackened
and charred mass. Caldwell's friends
and relatives believed for a time that
he had met with foul play, but the
police have found no indications of
violence and do not credit the theory
of murder.
JjOS ANGELES, Jan. 14. — The coro
ner's jury in the ' case of Charles L.
CaM^vell. whose body was found yes
terday in his automobile just outside
the Los Angeles city limits, returned a
verdict to-day that deceased met his
death by "suff oca tion burning'."
Verdict Is KenJercd in the Case of
Former New Yorker Burned in
His Automobile.
JURV SAYS TIIK MAN
PIED IN" THE FLAMES
SALT LAKE. Utah, Jan. 14.— The
Deseret News to-night says that it is
seml-officially stated that the reason
for the recent hasty visit to New York
of Vice President W. ,H. Bancroft of
the Oregon Short Line Railroad is the
making of final arrangements for turn-
Ing, over a portion of thttfcnain line of
the Union. Paeific, runnVg between
Ogden arid Green River, Wyo., to the
Oregon Short Line and its future ope
ration as a part of that road. It is
stated that the new order will go into
effect either the first or fifteenth, of
February. The Union Pacific. trackage
in question is 177 miles long.
plans to construct from coast to coast—
the Grand Trunk Pacific. President
Burt will neither affirm nor. deny the
rumor. Railroad men say that plans
were completed some time ago for
Burt, after his return from Europe
next winter, to take charge of the new
Hays road, on which construction is
expected to commence in • the spring.
It will be' remembered that -Hays had
the same trouble with E. H. Harriman
that Burt has had.- When Hays tired
of the autocratic rule of Harriman he
went back to_ the Grand Trunk.
Friends of President Burt point out
that he Is in his prime: as a railroad
executive and that the new trunk line
will require just the experience that he
can give.
OREGON SHORT LINE DEAL.
I The statement of well-informed rail
! road men at headquarters in this city
that a merger of Hill and Harriman in
terests is being planned is given cre
dence by the departure this morning
! for New York of General Manager W,
I Holdredge of the Burlington. It was
! said at headquarters yesterday that
¦ J. J. Hill and E. H. Harriman were
I calling all their general managers for
I a conference on the merger . proposi-
HILL-HARRIMAN MERGER.
E. C Calvin, who is assistant general
manager of the Oregon Short Line, will
be in more direct charge of that road
than hitherto. E. Buckingham, super
intendent of transportation of the
Union' Pacific, retains his present title
and will assist in the operating man
agement of the Union Pacific.
OMAHA, Nebr.. Jan. 14.— Information
has been received from New York that
William H. Bancroft has been chosen
general manager of the Union Pacific,
but that the appointment will not be
officially announced until to-morrow. A
meeting of the executive committee
was held in New York this morning.
The appointment will not affect the
state of Bancroft as vice president and
general manager of the Oregon Short
L\jie. Bancroft will make Omaha his
headquarters and will spend "a portion
of his time in Salt Lake, which is his
home.
"It will be only a short time before
the information comes officially," said
he, "that Mr. Hill and Mr. Harriman
have reached a working agreement.
Railroad men well informed look to the
merger of the Hill and Harriman inter
ests as the next great move in the poli
tics of railroading. Events have been
shaping themselves to that end for
months. The election of Harriman to
the directory of the Erie, a Hill line,
and the recent financiering that gave
Harriman control of. that road are con
vincing proof that an alliance, between
these two giants of the railroad world
is pending."
Keen interest is being taken here in
the serni-offlcial information that Pres
ident Horace C. Burt of the Union Pa
cific Railroad will next year be chief
executive of the new railroad. Hays'
tion. The summoning of General Man
ager J. F. Wallace of the Illinois Cen
tral and Holdredge of the Burlington
immediately followed. Other general
managers ara to be consulted.
The information that Hill and Har
riman are endeavoring to get together
comes from an official who could not
afford to talk, if it were not his tenure
of offices comes to • an end with the
Burt regime. On his authority it is
said that the merger for operating ad
vantages has been contemplated for
some time. •
SOON WILL RE ANNOUNCED.
A. M. Cleland. assistant general pass
enger and ticket agent 91 the Northern
Pacific Railroad at St. Paul, .is visiting
this city.
"Dr. William Simpson of San Jose Is
at the Lick.
F. 'D. Cobb. a merchant of Stock
ton, is at the Palace.
J. H. Gardner, ; a capitalist of Rio
Vista, is at the Grand. 1
Banker T. J. Field and wife of Mon
terey are at the Palace.
Dr. B. F. Roberts and wife of Chi
cago are registered at the Palace.
C. C. Crow, a rancher of Crow's
Landing, is registered at the Lick.
Mrs. Dr. J. P. E. Heintz of Coro
nado arrived at the Palace yesterday.
P. P. Auston, Supervisor of Santa
Clara County, and wife are at the
Lick.
E. W. Hale, the well-known Sacra
mento merchant, and wife are at the
Palace.
George L. Carr, a well-known mining
man of Carrville, Trinity County, is at
the Russ.
RAILROAD MAGNATE WHO, IN CONJUNCTION WITH JAMES -J. HILL. IS SAID TO BE PERFECTING PLANS
FOR THE ESTABLISHMENT OF A "COMMUNITT OF INTERESTS," EMBRACING A OF
LINES TRAVERSING THE WEST.
PERSONAL.
The ordinance provides that the
theater scenery shall be painted with
non-eomb'jstibJe paint, the curtains to
t>« ; r>f_ ,;»s$e£J-os, . the ,stase to be sep
arated from the auditorium by a fire
vail, stand water pines of suitable
size to be erected in different nart<? of
the buildinjr, stairs must be cf easy
access and a z>\a.n of the theater with
its exits must be printed on the the
ater T.-rogramme. There is also a re
quirement in regard to the number
and location of exits.
OAKLAND, Jah. 14. — Fire Chief
Hall presented a draft of an ordinance
looking- to the protection of the the
ater-going public to the fire and
water committee of the City Council
this evening. Copies of the ordinance
are to l>e supplied to each member of
the Council, and the draft will be
considered at a meeting to be held
Monday night.
The proposed ordinance follows th?
most ajiproved fire protection re
quirements. AH buildings now used
or to be used for theater purposes will
be required to meet the provisions of
:h<? ne>v law.
Public Will lie Given Protection
Aloiiff Approved Scientific Line&
of Prevention.
XEW FIRE ORDINANCE
READY TO BE PASSED
CHICAGO, Jan. 14.— From action
taken to-ni£ht by the City Council at
a special meeting it is evident that
Chicago theaters will ncrt be able to
reopen for some time. The meeting of
the Council was for the purpose of con
sidering the revision of the building
ordinances. When the measure was
called up Alderman Maver moved that
consideration be deferred; that all the
proposed amendments be published, and
that the whole subject be taken -up
when the Council was conversant with
the proposed changes. Alderman Fore
man seconded the motion, declaring
that some of the changes were of a
character that reauired extensive In
vestigation and that it was not proper
for the Council to pass on fifty provi
sions at a Fingle sitting. The motion
¦was passed, and all consideration of
the new ordinances was postponed "un
til the Council is ready."
As soon as the Coroner's jury re
leases its control of the Iroquois Thea
ter the playhouse will be again given
over to the flames if plans evolved
by Mayor Harrison and Walter L.
Fisher of the City Club arc carried out.
Kxperts who will fight over again the
Iroquois conflagration will have trained
firefighters at their elbows to see that
the demonstration of the plans does
not bring about any property loss out
side the partly ruined playhouse. The
purpose of again firing the theater is
to test the sufficiency of city ordinances,
present and prospective.
Jerry Simpson expressed himself
strongly in favor of the leasing of pub
lic lands, and urged that something be
done to protect the public reserves from
being gobbled up by speculators by
means of the- lieu land law.
A 'new executive committee was
chosen,- which includes* the following
members: E. S. Fosney, Flagstaff,
Ariz.; H. A. Jastro, Bakersfleld, Cal.;
M.-fB. Gwynne, Boise City, Idaho; John
Sparks, Reno, Nev.; Solomon Luna,
Los Lunas, N. M.; Jesse M. Smith, Lay
ton. Utah; . E. F. Benson, Tacoma,
Wash., and Eben P. Low, Honolulu,
Hawaii:
Professor Gifford Pinchott gave the
convention some of his views on forest
reserves and B. B. Brooks of Wyoming
advocated State control of reserves and
the issuance of grazing permits 'by the
States.
Governor Ileber M. Wells of Utah
was introduced and delivered an ad
dress on the topic of "The Policy of
Government Relative to the Forest Re
serves."
F. H. Newell, chief hydrographer of
the Geological Survey, addressed the
convention in behalf of the commission
appointed by President Roosevelt to
investigate the conditions "existing rel
ative to public lands. Mr. Newell ad
mitted that the time had come when
something must be done relative to this
matter.
J. E. Stubbs of Nevada delivered an
address on the subject "What Shall
We Do With Our Grazing Lands?" He
advocated the improvement of grazing
lands by the observance of regulations
made to protect the interests of the cat
tleman, sheepman and the farmer.
The speaker was in favor of the open
ing of the Government reserves for use
by stockmen. The development of the
arid lands he particularly advocated.
OPENING OF -RESERVES.
Mr. Springer, on the opening of the
afternoon session to-day, stated that
what the stockmen- wanted and must
Have, If the railroad companies con
tinue to withhold passes, is an elective
railroad commission. The railroads do
not want that system, he said, because
they know what it means, as they have
seen what has been accomplished
thereby. . - „• Zfi
"If the railroads insist on opposing
us," he said, "we will appoint an elect
ive committee in every State west of
the Mississippi River. We have had to
spend money to learn a few things, but
we have learned them. We have learned
that we have power and can use it."
To-morrow the attention of the con
vention will be given to the election of
officers for the ensuing year and the
selection of a place to hold the next
convention. The executive committee
will report the nominations for officers
at the morning session. F. J. Hagen
barth of Idaho is the only one talked
of as a successor to President Springer,
and his election is considered certain.
The general impression is that there
will be no change in the list of other
officers, the incumbents to be re
elected.
There is little doubt that Denver will
be the next place of meeting. San
Jose, Cal., and El Paso, Tex., have
been making a fight for the conven
tion, but It is thought a. compromise
is to be made whereby the next con
vention will go to Denver, that of 1905
to El Paso and the succeeding meetings
to Denver as permanent headquarters.
The business sessions of the seventh
annual convention will come to a close
with the selection of the place of meet
ing.
To-day the subject of railroads and
forest reserves were considered In rela
tion to their effect upon the livestock
industry. Shortage of cars, slow time
in transit and high tariffs formed the
burden of a number, of addresses bear
ing upon the first mentioned subject.
That legislation might be had remedy-
Ing the exclusion of stockmen from
the forest reserves was the demand of
every speaker on the public land sub
ject. - '
OFFICERS TO BE NAMED.
PORTLAND, Ore.. Jap. 14.— By unan
imous vote and with great show of en
thusiasm, the National Livestock Con
vention to-day adopted resolutions
heartily indorsing the policy of-Pres
ident Roosevelt with reference to build
ing the Panama Canal.
When President Springer introduced
the resolutions he alluded to the dis
cussion of the Panama question in the
United States Senate and the criticism
of President Roosevelt on account of
the position he has taken. The call for
a vote was the signal for a roar of
"ayes" and a burst' of deafening ap
plause. Not a dissenting voice was
raised. A" copy of the resolution was
immediately wired the President.
Denver Is Said to Have Been Se
lected for the Association's
Permanent Headquarters
Iroquois Piayhouse Is to Be
Ajrain Given Over to Flames
to Test Sufficiency of Laws
DELAYS ALL ALTERATIONS
CBITICISM OF RAILROADS
Chicago City Council Defers
Consideration of Proposed
Changes in the Ordinances
Delegates to Livestock Conven
tion Praise Government's Ac
tivity for the Panama, Canal
Subordinate Officials of Western Lines Are Summoned to a Con
ference in New York — William H. Bancroft of , Salt Lake Be
comes the General Manager of the Union Pacific Company
.._ . ; : ; _i L__ : — &
THEATERS MUST
REMAIN CLOSED
LAUD POLICY
OF PRESIDENT
HARRIMAN AND HILL ARE PLANNING
A GIGANTIC MERGER OF RAILROADS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 15. 1904.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 14.— Secretary,: Shaw
lias appointed James H. H. Caneton of : the.
State of . /Waehlngton '• Collector, of Custom* . for
the collection district of, Por%o Rico with
compensation > of- $4500 per annum. : /¦ Cannten
haa been connected with, the? customs eerlyee
In- the Puget Sound and Alaska districts during:
the last nine years as deputy collector. •
The U. S. army transport Sherman ar
rived from the: Philippines" yesterday,
having on board the '28th Infantry, who
were stationed at Jolo. The men will be
grlad & to " get back > where • they : can t have
their meals coftked on; a gas .range sold
by theS. F. Gas and Electric Co.," 415
Fost street. ; : : :' . '. :
IUVERSIDE. Jan. 14.— John M. Schofield C
J.vCrowley and Frank J. Ritchie. , the three
escaped inmates ,of -; the Whlttler ..Reform
School" who, murdered Ansel Lewis on the des
«rt near Banning: on Thanksgiving day were
to-day .sentenced- by Judge' Noyea- to 'the peni
tentiary.,' Schofleld. who turned .State's evl
dence.rwas Riven thirty- five years af Folsom.
The , other. two were gt ven life sentences.
Chief Food Inspector Robertson-yes
terday condemned as unfit for human
consumption 16,000 pounds of prunes
stored In the premises of J. K. Armsby
& Co. Previously to the condemnation
Chief Inspecting Physician Hassler
seized thirtyr eight sacks of prunes on
a peddler's wagon on Sixth street, near
Market. -
7
A3VEKTISEICENTS.
Eczema
Salt Rheum, Ringworm, Itch,
Acne or other skin troubles,
promptly relieved and cured by
This scientific germicide, which
U harmless, cqres by killing
disease germs. Used and
endorsed by the medical
profession everywhere. Sold
by leading druggists. If not
at yours, send 25 cents for a,v
trial bottle. The genuine bears
my signature. Accept no
substitutes. Address
C? I /9f?^-ff— -i 1 1 61.0 Trine* 8t
Mu[- H£gjggxE*f Sew York.
FRC »; .' Va ' ¦ abl *¦ EJookl * t «a th e
«tr»«tn»eat of Aim*****.
1
<5vi3it DR. JORDAN'S oreat,
'HUSEUB OF ANATOMY';
0 Q) :»:iiAS2irsr.b!t.£:tt;ih.s.r.w.|!
A *-jf «.- Thl Larfttt Anatomical Museum in tfce
* JlLi*^*~v T 10 "*- w =»kBe»i.e» or any contracted l
/SJQ •^»m«.ilKC«u: E*t-3*;ein. Q
6 »|g* OR- JDRDAN-B'SEASES 8F KEN 4
A I«*B Cen«ul!«t»oa free ind *»rictijr\priTatr. \
V MifyLB j,'**™ 1 "' prnoml.jr nt by tnirr. KQ
\ B V \\ "•"• "»¦ «¦ e»ery caw imdrruknt. \
0 v <l 11' ; *'"'or B^t.paii.o»opai'«r/|
fi O 11 ninht boek(Mi»rn) i
1 BBJO«D AN A CO.. 1CJ! Market SL.S. W. Y
/., : OCEAN TBAVEL.
e Steamers leave San Fran-
cisco as follows:
For Ketchlkan, "Wranse!.
Juneau. Halnes, Skaguay.
etc., Alaska— 11 a. m.. Jan.
16, 21. 20, 31, Feb. JV.
Change to company's steam-
era at Seattle.
For Victoria. Vancouver.
Port Towusend. Seattle. Ta-
coma. Everett. Whatcom — II a. m.. Jan. 10.
21, -'»;. 31. Feb. 6. Change at Seattls to tht*
company's steamers for Alaska and O. N.
Ky.; at Seattle or Tacoma to K. P. Ry., at
Vancouver to C. P. Ky.
For Eureka (Huraboldt Bay) — Pomona. 1:30
p. m.. Jan. 17. 23. 2O. Feb. 4; Corona, 1:20 p.
m.. Jan. 14. 20. 26. Feb. 1,
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara-
Santa Rcsa, Sundays; 9 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays, 9 a. m.
For Los Anceles (via San Pedro «nd East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara, Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford (Saa
Luis Obi«po), Ventura and Hueneme.
Coos Eay. » a. m.. Jan. 12. 20. 28. Feb. 5.
Bonlta. 0 a. m.. Jan. 16. 24. Feb. 1.
For Ensenada, Magrdalena Bay. San Jos« 4?l
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata. La Paz, Santa Ro-
¦alia. Guayroas (ilex.), 10 a. m., 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain folder.
Right is reserved to change steamers or mlN
Inr riates.
TICKET orPICES — t New Montgom-
ery street (Palace Hotel). 10 Market street and
Broadway wharves.
Freight office. 10 Market «treet.
C. D. DUNANN. General Passenger Agent.
10 Market street, San Franctsco.
O. R. & N. CO.
Columbia sails Jan. 18. 2S. Feb. 7. 17. 27.
March 9 and 19. Genre* W. Elder sails Jan.
13, 23. Feb. 2. 12. 22. March 4 and 14. Only
tteaaighlp llpe to PORTLAND, OR., and short
rail line from Portland to all points East.
Through tickets to all points, all rail or tteam-
«hlp ard rail. St LOWEST RATE3. Steamer
tickets Include berth and meals. Steamer sal's
foot of Spear st. at 11 a. m. S. F. BOOTH.
Gen. Agt. Pass. Dept-. 1 Montgomery st. : C.
CLIFFORD. Gen. Agt. Freight Dept.. 3 Mont-
gomery it.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA,
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.*
Steamers will leave wharf, corner First and
Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.. for YOKOHAMA
and Hongkonjr. calllnur at Kobe (Hlcgo). Naga-
raki and Shanghai, and connecting at Hong-
kong with uteamen for India, etc. No carsa
received on board on day of sailing.
S. S. AMERICA MARU
'"r M«nday. January 23. 10O4.
S. S. HONGKOXO MARU
"Wednesday. February 17. 1DO»
S. S. NIPPON MARU
Tuesday. March 15. ltMi
Via Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at reducei
rate*. For freight and passage apply at Com-
pany'* office. 121 Market street Corner First.
¦ W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
oceanics.sxo. gssfeg
S S SONOMA, for Honolulu, Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney. Thursday. Jan. 21. "2 p. m.
«? g AT*AMEDA. for Honolulu. Jan. SO. 11 a.m.
s". S. MARIPCSA. for Tahiti. Feb. 11, 1904.
ii^ft£nax*B3i.n.,ia!i..TUitflma,843i3rwa
fniSktlcaekSlS KvtstSL.Pkrlc I.raaSeS!.
C0HPAGNI3 6ENE1ALE THAN3ATI.i!f TItttf.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE- PARI3.
Sailing every Thursday Instead of -wTOCSfj)
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. •"•ruaaa.s 1
North River, foot of Morton street.
First class to Havre," $70 and upward. See-
ond class to Havre. J43 tnd upward. CF.X-
EBAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA 32 Broadway (Hudson Building),
N«w York. J. F. FUGAZl & CO.. Pacific Coajt
ARents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
, Tickets fold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
Mare Island and "Vallejo Steamer*.
Steamer GEN. FRJSBIE or MONTICELLO—
9:45 a. m., 3:13 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sunday.
Sun.lay. 9:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leave Vallejo.
7 a.m.. 12:20 an.l <t p. ro.. ex. Sunday. Sun-
day, 7 h. m..' 4:15^ p. m. Fare. SO cents. Tel.
Main 1308. Pier 2. Misslon-st. dock. HATCH
HROS.
The W^dj Caffi
i 61 per Year-
¦_'¦___¦_ PBAGEBS -
Double Green Trading Stamps
Given With All Purchases made •:
To-Day
Specials Worth Considering Selected From Great
White Sale Stock
FOR an end-of-the-week attraction these lines will be un-
usually welcome to shoppers. The blankets are part of a
big purchase we just made and at our "monev-saving
prices" will undoubtedly be in great demand.
Zephyr Ginghams.
12 l-2c a yard — New Zephyr Ginghams; all the newest style3
in stripes, checks, etc. Also a full line of plain colors. Warranted
fast' colors.
Blankets.
The heaviest and best California Wool Blankets —
10-4.. 94.OO 1-12-4 .93.5O
14-4 97.5O
«r ' Comforters. -.;'•;"[
$1.50 — Good comforters, with fine sateen covering; pure sani-
tary cotton filling; either quilted or tufted. An exceptional bargain.
Newest Spring Embroideries
NEVER have there been greater values and a more care-
fully selected stock of swell embroideries than these
we are offering at big reductions. Thousands of yards
of all the newest and most popular designs will be found on
our counters to-day. There are many new arrivals since the
opening of the great White Sale.
5c a yard — Fine cambric and lawn embroidery edgings and inser-
tions; also fancy galloon headings; regular 10c and 15c values.
lOc a yard — Fine cambric edgings and insertions; 4 to 9 inches
wide. Regular 20c value.
14c a yard — Cambric and nainsook edgings and insertions; 5
to 12 inches wide; all the latest designs. Worth 25c a yard.
16c a. yard — Swiss nainsook and cambric edgings and insertions
to match; sellTegularly at 35c a yard. This lot consists of the most
beautiful patterns.
lOc a yard — Handsomest line of fine nainsook. Swiss and cam-
bric edgings and insertions to match*; 4 1 / to 10 inches wide. These
embroideries are worth 50c, 75c, up to $1.25 a yard. Excellent values.
|| ALWAYS RELIABLE
#M238- 1250 MARKET ST.^Is
ADVEETISEMJENT3.
XrVst" • -
•m\ good
ONE^LLAR
I guarantee this knife. No other |
knife of equal value was ever of- ;
fered for this money. Comes in pearl
handle, with four blades, and pos-
sesses the best steel ever <C| C\C\
tempered. My price." «!>I»W
My cutlery is all high grade, and
comprises such brands as Stiletto.
Wostenholm's/ Henckel's. Jordan's
and others.
Mail orders filled promptly.
THAT MAN PITTS
(F. W. PITTS). »
The Stationer.
1008 UABEXT STXZST,
San Francisco.IRELAND'S MOUNTAINS—Subscri
ber, City. The principal ranges of
mountains in Ireland are the Mourns
Mountains in Down, which attain their
highest elevation, Slivie Donard. 3795
feet -above the sea; the mountains c?
"Wlcklow, 3039 feet, and Macgillicuddy
Reeks in Kerry, which in th> peak of
Carran Taul, the loftiest point In Ire
land, reach 3414 feet.
ALMONDS— Subscriber, City. The
almond does well in various parts of
California. The tree does well on land
that would not be considered first class
for other fruits. It is sa'id by those
who have Biven the matter attention
that almond tree9 are good bearers and
that if the right kind of varieties are
planted they require but little care and
bring good returns. ;
Nearly every civilized power has withdrawn its Em
bassador from Belgrade because King Peter has no ap
parent inclination to punish the assassins that murdered
his predecessor and drew his star of kingly .triumph out
of regicide blood. It is more than likely that Peter
prefers to lose a few useless friends tharr gain many
more , enemies of the kind that proved ¦ so deadly sure
in the cowardly work of murder.
Town3end's California glace fruits and
candles. 50c* a pound, in artistic nre
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 71a Market St.. above Call bldg. •
A Chinese, caught recently with lottery .tickets in
his possession, sought ; to destroy the evidence . by swal
lovying it This is probably the first time that lot
tery tickets have been used for interior decoration.
One of the most interesting is from
the Hbrarv of Louis XVI of France.
It is a work on the theater/printed
in Parts Jn the year 1775, and contains
the signature of the Ill-starred mon
arch, together with manuscript note*
in his own handwriting. The binding
is by Derome In red morocco. In the
center are the arms of the Comtesse
d'Artoia ensigned with a crown. This
book ,;¦ was sold at one time for 900
francs.
From the library of Charles IV cf
Spain .comes a book entitled "In Fu
nere Carol! Ill, Hispanlar. Regis Cath
olici Oratlo Habita in Sacello Pontefl
clo." It was printed in Parma in 1789.
The binding is of- black velvet em
broidered Lwith gold and silver thread,
colored silks > and pieces of metal. On
each cover is a panel upon which are
Columbia University has on exhibi
tion at the present time a large and
valuable collection of books illustrat
ing the history of bookbinding from
the period cf the earliest efforts to
make the trade a fine art. \ The books
were collected by Samuel P. A very,
who haV presented a number of them
to the university.
The collection contains some of the
best work of the great masters of the
art.- But, .aside from this, it is inter
esting as containing a number of vol
umes from the private libraries of
French, English and Spanish Kings and
from the collections of the noble fami
lies of those countries.
Ro\al Books.
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and • public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1048. •
STOUTNESS— A Reader. City. If
you are "livinE In a hotel and have
nothing to do but to eat and sleep and
you are afraid « ' getting too stout," you
would better consult some first class
physician, who will. advise you as to
diet, exercise and tell you what treat
ment to follow in order to- prevent get
ting too stout.
THOSE OLD COINS— An Old Sub
scriber. City. This department does not
answer Questions as to the value of
coins unless a self-addressed and
stamped envelope accompanies the
question. In order that the answer may
be sent by mail.
NUTRITION— Subscriber, Oakland,
Cal. Of all food partaken by human
beings the cucumber and the melon
contain the least nutrition; the former
2 per cent and the latter^. Butter con
tains $3 per cent of nutrition, be«f 2S
and potatoes 22^.
AX OLD ALMANAC— F.. Alameda.
Cal. The value of an old almanac,
printed In the early part of 1S0O, is reg
ulated by the value t!. t any oi!e would
place upon it if anxious to possess it.
Such books have no market value.
A ezv x ear s Song.
A song for the New Year! Exultant its
hours —
The dust of defeat hath not sullied its
¦ flowers.
But Fancy hath dipped them in roseal
dew,
And brought them — all blooming in
beauty — to you!
A song for the New Year! A clarion
strong;
Achievement — through service — refresh
ment through song!
No mountain too mighty for Faith to re
move:
No labor too lowly, transfigured by
Love!
A song for the New Year! A message
of Joy,'
May never a discord its music alloy!
But, growing: in sweetness and melody
clear.
May it ever inspirit and strengthen and
cheer. — The Reader.
WE hope that every reader* of The Call has read
Mr. Sbarboro's article on California manufac
tures. We have 'long lingered on the edge,
just at the door of manufacturing development. High
priced coal has made power too costly to compete with
cheap fuel. In some lines we have found an offset to
this in our clement climate, which permits more con
stant operation and therefore a greater output, but in
the main the fuel handicap has been a serious drawback.
Now our ample store of fuel oil is lifting this bar to
progress in manufacturing. k '
One thing needfuHs a domestic iron production. The
Clipper Gap iron mine, which proved to be a large
pocket of exceedingly fine iron, was the last effort at
iron prodviction in California. Smelting with charcoal
soon used up all the wood available in that part of
Placer County and the industry ceased. But there is
fine iron ore in great quantity in forty of our counties.
It is associated with limestone for flux, and" we need
only smelting fuel to immediately add iron to our list
of valuable products. This is a matter of so much im
portance as to justify every effort to apply oil to smelt
ing. If the flames of oil can be evenly distributed in a
furnace cupola, the problem will be solved.
On the Atlantic side the centers of iron production
are remote from the seacoast. Rail transportation *to
tidewater is -severely felt by the iron industry, so that
Mr. Carnegie once proposed to build his own railroad
to a seaport to Svoid the burden. In California there
are vast iron ledges within eighteen miles of the coast,
and not far away are oil wells. Such articles as Mr!
Sbarboro's should stimulate inventive enterprise to ap
ply oil to ir^ori 1 development. . * . '¦•¦:^J??J§
'Our manufactures have been greatly helped by electri
.car power. Its use is cheap, clean and convenient. A
large part oi.thej State is at present deprived pf this
facility because the hydraulic power that produces it
the cheapest is included in the Federal forest and park
reservations. But the Federal Governmentywill not
always adhere to the mistaken policy of depriving the
people of the use of a resource the use of which is in no
way inconsistent with the purpose for which these reser
vations were made. There is no doubt that within a
few years electricity will be in common use on the
ranches of California, for domestic lighting, and for
power in pumping water for irrigation; and for other
farm uses to which itmay be applied. ... .,-•,•
When the whok'.field of /our resources for manuf ac t ur .
ing is studied it will be ; seen that. instead' ''of ranking, as
we; have) as the State least adapted to manufacturing/ we
MANUFACTURING FACILITIES.
A'MILLION— Old Subscriber, City. A
miliion dollars gold coin of the United
States weighs 3636.4 pounds avoirdu
pois, and a million In silver dollar*
59,931 pounds.
Answers to Queries.
IRISH TITLES— R. H.. Qity. Ireland
has more than one city, notably Dublin,
Cork, Belfast and Limerick.
THE town of Corvallis— the t name means "Heart of
the Valley" — in Oregon has been infested by a
new religious sect called "The Holy Rollers/' Its
vicissitudes are greater than its age. Its members are
moved to destroy such vanities as their fur
niture and clothing, and to make burnt offerings of their
cats and dogs. The leaders have been legally admon
ished without effect, and their followers have become a
pronounced public nuisance.
No matter how extravagant it may be. any new reli
gious fanaticism will get followers.. The mystic and
mysterious, and miraculous appeal to men, in spite of all
our modern education and knowledge of science. As-
Jemima" Wilkinson and Mother Ann in their day. found
followers in the hard-headed State of New York, so the
Holy Rollers find in the Webfoot State of Oregon. It
is useless to say that persecution of these people will
probably increase their influence, for such people re
gard the enforcement of the Jaw as persecution and
make no difference between that and lawless attempts
to restrain their follies.
They have recently become so aggressive and so
many weak-minded people have been led to injure them
selves by destroying their property under the influence
of delusion that the people of Corvallis took the law, ac
companied,by tar and feathers; into their own hands, and
capturing two of the leaders in the shank of the even
ing, marched them into the woods and gave them a
neat suit of tar and feathers. At midnight some of their
followers applied at a drug store for turpentine and oil
and otlrer detergents7 to undress . them of their novel
clothing. At 8 o'clock next morning one of the feathered
and tarred appeared in a buggy with a young and holy
and handsome Roller and .drove to' a magistrate's house,
where they were duly married. '
Talk of an active life, what can beat that? Holy roil
ing at 6 o'clock p. m. Tarred and feathered at 9.
Scraped off at midnight and married next morning.
We have to advise the people of Corvallis who do not
Holy Roll to let the Rollers alone.. Let them roll in
peace, for folks capable of cheerfully^ enduring such a
variety of experiences in'so short a time will make more
converts the more they are interfered with. If let alone,
they. may roll themselves out. But they are seen to
thrive if they can plead persecution.'
There is very little doubt that in the Eastern situation
the sympathies of France are emphatically with Russia
and that there exists between them some understanding
by which the Czar is successfully playing for delay. The
sentimentalists who are inclined to go into raptures
over this exhibition of friendship should not forget that
it is dictated solely by commercialism.' National sym
pathies are measured in the weight of gold.
AN ACTIVE PLACE.
Reports from New York carry the startling informa
tion that Russell. Sage is gradually retiring from active
business. If tilts be true, and it seems incredible, it is the
first authentic instance on record that the old man of
Wall street, ever retired from anything that suggested
the prospect of a dollar gained.
Precious Legacy.
The Arrhbishop of Valencia, who
died a few days ago, left a legacy of
50,000 pesos to the first Spanish gen
eral v.-ho will land on the territory of
the United States with an army strong
enough to avenge the defeats of Spain
in Cuba and the Philippines. Until
that is done the money will be 'In
charge of the 'Bank of Spain. So a
cable dispatch reports. The Archbishop
was evidently a believer In the possi
bility of modern miracles, but was not
desirous of the benefits of the New
Testament doctrine of blessings lor
peacemakers. The Bank of Spain will
have at least one permanent deposit
among its treasures.
Horse Enjoys Revenge.
Tom, one of the team of horses used
by the Police Department for patrol
wagon service, is a wise inimal. Hour
after hour every day he stands near
the City Hall awaiting a summons to
rush to the aid of some person in n<&d
of medical attention or to bring to the
prison some malefactor. His waits are
not tedious ones, for his idle time is
spent in munching cubes of sugar his
driver and other attaches of the prison
and hospital always have for him.
Some time ago he took particular
delight in showing: his dislike for a
City Hall janitor who, whenever he
passed ttie horse, hit him a resounding
slap on the back. Tom tried time and
time again to kick his tormentor, but
his harness prevented him. Then the
janitor commenced making peace over
tures. He brought the horse sugar and
occasionally a carrot, but the animal
refused to take them from the stick
on which the janitor held them out to
him. Then he tried other tempting
morsels, but still Tom was cbdurate
and refused to make up. Then he ap
parently relented, and one morniifg
greeted the janitor with a whinny of
pleasure. Emboldened, the janitor of
fered the horse a lump of sugar on
his hand. Tom accepted the lump of su
gar. He also took the janitor's hand
and save it a squeeze between his
strong teeth that caused the janitor
to yell with pain. Then Tom whinnied
again, this time with a great display
of pleasure.
The Homicidal Hatpin.
Death lurks in the hatpin. The (Eng
lish) Medical Press thus comments up
on its murderous propensities and the
means by which a modern state may
protect itself against them:
"Feminine fancy has ordained that
the skewer-like hatpin is an essential
element of cephalic attire, and must
be retained. It is an instrument with
potential energy for endles3 damage.
Numerous accidents, some of which
have proved fatal, have resulted from
a persistence in the practice of hat
fixing by this convenient but dangerou3
article. A return to attachment by
elastic may not ajouse esthetic en
thusiasm, but certainly it is time, the
wit of womankind was turned to the
inventing of gome means by. which the
offending hatpin was robbed of ltd
homicidal tendencies or the refractory
hat might be retained by safety pins or
othtr guileless means. Unless woman
: will look to this matter mere man will
have to intervene, if only in his own
interests and a3 a means of self-protec
tion. Possibly the plan of licensing
might be followed with advantage.
Just as a man may not carry a re
volver without a license, so a woman
may not carry that hardiy less deadly
weapon, a hatpin, without a yearly
license purchased from the state." *
ylr! of Homemaking.
BV CHARLES FREDERIC GOSS. D.D..
Author of "The UedPinption of David Car-
son," etc.
(Copyright. 11*04. by Joseph B. Bowles.)
Undoubtedly "housekeeping" is an
art, and a very' fine art, too. In every
community you may see it brought to
its highest perfection. There are cer
tain famous residences (I annot call
them homes) where a- spider would die
of fright and a fly would commit sui
cide Irom the very weight of solitude.
You can see your face in panels of the
doors and eat your meals on the hard
wood staircase. A lace curtain that
should hang awry would blush turkey
red. and a chair left out of place would
walk solemnly back to where it be
longed on its own four shining legs.
Everywhere there is • brautiful har
mony of color and arrangement. To
look at, this interior is perfect. '•
No wonder the worn. ". Y.j plans and
executes this dream cf beauty comes
under the spell of her own creation. It
is the characteristic of art' to fascinate
her votaries. "'Art for art's sake" is
the finai maxim of her de >tees. In this*
case It is housekeeping for housekeep
ing's sake. N© matter for the man and
the children no matter for the guests;
no matter for the domestic life! Let
thenj all ' e sacrificed on the altar of
this Moloch, if need be, for the fires
of that grinning god must be kept
burning.* The women who become the
vie -is of the housekeeping mania do
not realize it. Maniacs never do.
Now, there can be no doi.bt thr.t a
beautiful house in and of itself is a
thing of beauty, but the trouble is that
it is not only not a joy fo aver— but
never! For a beautiful house is not by
inner necessity a beautiful home— any
more than a beautiful shell is necessa
rily the abode of a sea fish. Poor fel
low — he may have been dead a century.
The art of perfect housekeeping may
possibly be coincident with that of per
fect homemakir.g. There is no essen
tial contradiction between thj two: but
there does seem to be a moral antag
onism. It is hard to bring both to their
highest perfection und tae same roof.
To do either all alone requires only an
average woman consecrated to her
task. To accomplish both requires an
abnormal genius. And so, we say. give
us the homemaker! Give, us the woman
who knows how to render a home the
abode of comfort, to fill it with that di
vine atmosphere that invites repose;
to imbue it with a presence that awak
| ens? dreams of peace and love! We
I may not be able to describe an ideal
home, but we know one the moment
we cross its threshold. No icy blast
of perfection blows through the door.
No shrill voice inquires whether we
have wiped our shoes, or brushed the
dust from our coat, or bids us not to
step on the polished floor with the heels
j of our boots! We hear the sweet voices
; of children singing in the nursery, or
j the patter of their pcurrying feet as
they come romping down the stairs
to meet their father returning home
from work. A low spoken woman,- with
smiling face and cordial manner, meets
us in the hall and bids us welcome.
We catch sight of a broken toy on the
• landing of the staircase ..nd perhaps
i of a boys hat flung into a corner— the
! little rascal! He gets a playful pinch
i of the ear to pay for it, an a quiet
[command to go and pick it up and hang
i it on the hook; and when he comes
back from his accomp. shed errand he
is so far from any consciousness of
having committed a • Ime that he
actually puts his arm around his moth
j er's wai-t and gets a l.iss.
We enter the living-room. Pictures
i of brave men, beautiful women and
I smiling landscapes adorn the walls.
j The furniture is old-fashioned, and, if
' the truth must be told, it is not with
! out a few suggestive nicks. But the
' chairs "are so comfortable. And .that
I davenport! It looks as if the children
| had actually rolled and tumbled on
| that expensive upholstery! And the
I springs are sunken at one. end as if
John and Mao' had sat very close to
i gether there, and very often, after the
' children had gone to bed.
Dinner is announced. "We pass into
I the t Ining-room informally. The food
¦ is simple and wholesome; the maid
moves quietly about the table: ' The
conversation is all cheerful, the chil
j dren having a modest little part, and
I John tells his best story in his .big
I bass voice while Mary draws him out
with her bright eyes and shows by her
laughter that she admires him pro
foundly, and by every expression of
I her countenance that her life is en-
I shrined in his JiearL I
A remarkable 'Phenomenon is report
ed from" the Russian rural commune of
Schava, in the Government of "Tzareff
Koksaka. Inexplicable .noises , were
heard for several days issuing from the'
earth. The sounds . varied from some
thing like the booming of cannon to
the screeching of steam whistles, and
seemed to come from a forest skirting
the commune. In this rorest, where the
terrified peasantry gathered in expecta
tion of some calamity, the earth, was
seen to heave incessantly. .' Gradually
huge cracks appeared, water was seen,
at last the earth. seemed gradually, to
sink, water, rose and there appeared a
new lake of considerable extent, which
is now being examined by geologists. •¦'-
A N civ Lake.
Rebuilding a Railroad.
By CAM. D. BEURY,
Former Fai'.roa.J Editor New York Time? anj
New York Pun
iCopyrislit, ISKM, by Joseph B. Bowles.)
. E. H. Harriman said a few days ago
that, not less than $100,000,000 would
be required to complete the work of
reconstruction planned between Ogden
and San Francisco along the Union
Pacific and the Southern Pacific lines.
Part of this work has already been
done, and not the least important feat- j
ure of the completed improvements on '
this transcontinental system is thej
thirty-mile viaduct across Great Salt
Lake, known as the Lutin cut-off.
Civil engineers say that this bridging
cf the northern end of Salt Lake is one
of the most extraordinary feats of con
structive engineering known. It cost
about $5,000,000. Mr. Harriman pro
poses to surpass this feat by tunneling
th«? Sierra Nevada Mountains at a cost
of bet ween $10,000,000 and $20,000,000.
Practically all of the millions needed
to carry out the plans for reconstruct-
In? the Union Pacific and Southern Pa
cific railroads have been provided for
by liberal drafts on current income and
the authorized issue of new securities.
The ease and promptness with which
these of millions have been
raised is in marked contrast with the
eleven years' struggle of Asa Whitney
to get Congress to appropriate $.WjO to
make the first survey for a transcon
tinental railroad. The great work now
being done by Mr. Harriman and his
associate? with such liberality and
cHerity is hardly suggestive of the pub
lic apathy, the tragedy and the ro
mance of the pioneer days.
Asa Whitney was a New York mer
chant, who. while in China prior to
1S"5,. became strongly convinced of the
vaf=t commercial advantages to be de
rived from railroad communication be
tween the Pacific Coast and the pros
perous American cities on the Atlantic
seaboard. He collected statistics show-
Ing the character and extent of the
trade of China, Japan and India, and
forthwith bictured to himself and his
friends the Aladdin-like wealth within
the reach of his fellow countrymen.
Returning to New York sbout 1840, Mr.
Whitney began an energetic campaign
in favor of a transcontinental railroad.
His id?a at that time was to obtain a
grant of land from the Government
along a route from Lake Superior to
Puget Sound, <and start the construc
tion of the railroad with funds sub
scribed for the stock of a Pacific Coast
Railway Company. It took four years
of persistent effort to obtain a hearing
before Congress, and even then the
enthusiastic merchant was snubbed and
laughed at. In 1S4S the House Commit
tee on Pacific Lands reported in favor
of building a railroad to the Pacific
Coast, but took no definite steps in that
direction. Seven years later an appro
priation of $5000 was made for a pre
liminary survey. During the eleven
years that it had taken Asa Whitney
to accomplish this small result he had
sacrificed a large proportion of his own
fortune in disseminating information
and enlisting the co-operation of other
men. His health broke down and he
did not live to enjoy the practical re
alization of his dream.
The seed had been planted in pro- '
ductive soil, however, and the project i
grew — very slowly at first, but stead- i
lly and hardily. One by one able men !
of commanding influence* took the i
matter up, and finally a <tardy public i
sentiment demanded the building of j
a railroad from the Mississippi River
to the Pacific Coast General William j
Teeumseh Sherman says In his mem- !
oirs: ••Shortly after returning from j
Monterey I was sent by General Smith J
up to Sacramento City to instruct I
Lieutenants Warner and Williamson \
of the engineers (U. .«. A.) to push i
their surveys to the Sierra Nevada \
Mountains for the purpose of ascer- i
taining the possibility of passing that j
range by a railroad, a subject that I
then • elicited universal interest. It
¦was generally assumed that such a
road could not be made along any of j
the immigrant roads then in use, and '
"Warner's orders were to look farther j
north up the^ Feather River or some)
of its tributaries. Warner was en-!
gaged in this survey during the sum
mer and fall of 1849. and explored to
the very end of Goose Lake, the
eourc« of Feather River." General
Sherman remarked that it was impos
sible to ascertain who was the first
to suggest the construction of a rail
road to the Pacific Coast. The fact
is recorded that as far back as 1834
I>r. Samuel Boncraft Barlow. wrote in
favor of building' a railroad from New
York to the mouth of Columbia Riv-'
er. This idea subsequently developed
into the Northern Pacific Railroad
project-
Between 1850 and I860 the con
stantly increasing: number of advo
cates of a railroad to the Pacific Coast
divided into rival factions and schemes
for obtaining the Congressional aid
multiplied. One enterprising New
York and Boston showman undertook
to raise the money for building the
desired transcontinental line by or
ganizing a gigantic lottery.' Another
proposition was for the 'Federal Gov
ernment to establish a popular sub
scription bureau and issue stock re
ceipts for each subscription, however
small. The discovery of gold in Cal
ifornia increased the Congressional
support of the railroad project an3
had it not been for the ante-rebellion
animosities favorable action would
the arms of Charles IV in gold and
silver. ; ,
The library of Charles II of England
contributes a manuscript entitled "The
Statutes and Ordinances of the Most
Noble Order of St. George Named the
Garter, Reformed, Explained. Declared
and Renewed by Prince Henry VDB-*
The volume dates from about 1571. It
was bound by Samuel Merne for
Charles II. and bears as a cipher the
interlaced "CC." On the first page are
the arms of the Duke of Hamilton, in
gold and water colors, and the official
MS. order for the Issuance of the war
rant for John Werden to be a Baronet
is laid in.
THE January number of the North American Re
view is the vehicle for the expression for some,
convictions upon the lynching question by the well
known. Southern novelist. Thomas Nelson . Page. The
author reviews the grewsome record of the administra
tion of lynch law for the last eighteen years, notes the
growing roster of deaths by violence at the hands of
mobs in the Northern States, and demonstrates the part
played by race prejudice in these oft recurring exhibi
tions of lawlessness. Then he 'arrives at his suggestion
fpr the eradication of the hateful evil, , admitting, how
ever, that his scheme is somewhat Utopian.
"Until the negroes shall create among themselves,"
says Page, "a sound public opinion "which, instead of
fostering, shall reprobate and sternly repress the crime
of assaulting women and children, the crime will never
be extirpated, and until this crime is stopped the crime
of lynching will never be extirpated. Lynching will
never be done away with . while the sympathy of the
whites is with the lynchcrs. When the negroes shall
stop -applying all their energies to hartoring and defend
ing negroes, no matter what their crime so it be against
the whites, and shalr»distinguish between the law-abiding
negro and the law-breaker, a long step will have been
taken*."
Nobody can gainsay that the lynching evil is largely
due to race hatred and that some of the heinous crimes
for which negroes are made to suffer by the mob are
prompted in a large measure by a retaliatory spirit on
the part of the blacks. Nor can the truth of Mr. Page's
assertion that black helps black even in crime be doubted.
It is true that mob spirit will tend to assert itself as long
as the shocking crimes of the Brutish class of blacks con
tinue to be perpetrated, but the Southern novelist's pro
posed remedy for the extirpation of the causes which*
prompt one half of tjie lynchihgs in. the South has little
of practical worth. •
There is but one-way that lynching can be ended; that
is to enforce the law. The scheme of laying liable to
damages the community wherein a lynching has taken
place has ben tried and proven a failure. The sugges
tion of a drum-head court-martial for cases of emer-.
gen'cy is without the spirit" of the laws. It does remain
within the province of magistrates,- however, to put a
check to the endless chain of procrastinating measures
Avhich are in the ready wits of sharp lawyers when
fighting in the last ditch. When the mob feels reason
ably sure that in the right channels and under the right
procedure justice will be done it will be more ready to
stay the hand of lawlessness.
PROPOSED REMEDY FOR LYNCHING.
Several worthy gentlemen in this city discussed ear
nestly the other day the final condition of the unsaved.
One fact may be accepted as established. The final con
dition* of the unsaved is as nothing compared to the ner
vous horror of the poor office-holder who worked for the
losing candidate and is now trying to prove to the
powers that be that he didn't.
THE reports from Chicago show an extraordinary
state of affairs. The Iroquois Theater fire demon
strated that/the first duty of government in a great
city, the safety of its people, had not been, considered
among the functions of the officials. The awful calamity
turned the whole attention of the city to this neglect.
The officers were compelled to look into conditions and
do their duty, though too late to save lite. Not only was
it found that no theater nor hall in the city had obeyed
the law intended to secure safety, but'it was found that
failure to do .so had been purchased very cheaply by the
owners of such places.
When public attention was centered upon the city
government it extended beyond the cause that roused it.
For years the press had humdrummed about abuses and
failures of government, extending from a typhoid water
supply to public vice, insufficient police protection, filthy
streets, epidemic burglary, highway robbery and mur
der. Just at that point Governor , Beckham of Kentucky,
in his annual message to the Legislature, replied to some
Chicago criticisms of his State by declaring that even
Breathitt County, the land of the mountain feudists, is
a safer place to live than "Chicago. Immediately a citi
zens' league for the suppression of crime was formed
with ex-Comptroller Eckels at its head, and thereupon the
city government put its hands in its own pockets and
began to govern.
It was discovered that manj- of the great office build
ings are deficient in construction, through the neglect
or corruption of the Building Department. It was also
found out that a certain lawyer had the key to that de
partment, and persons desiring to build consulted him
professionally, to see that they were not undulyjan
noyed f>y the department in".. stfch trifling matters as
sufficiency of foundation, fire-proofing, elevator shafts
and fire escapes. His fee secured the desired immunity.
On the other hand, builders. who needed no go-between
with the department, for they obeyed the law, were held
up. annoyed and made losers, even to the extent of offi
cial incitement of strikes among their workmen. Ever
since the collapse of the street railroad strike, the street
cars had been made unsafe by murderous attacks on
conductors and. gripmen. and the cars had been,ob
structed by truck drivers blocking the lines maliciously.
Thousands of citizens had suffered loss and inconveni
ence as a result, missing trains and business t appoint
ments, and being, exposed to personal danger besides. .
Now the aroused and enraged public .opinion of the
city has changed all this. Buildings imperfectly con
structed by official immunity are - being overhauled.
The police are no longer allowed to loaf, to wink at
crime, or look the other way while it is- committed. All
truck drivers who maliciously block street cars are
jerked from their seats and n taken to jail. The lawyer
who became almost a millionaire by going between
builders and the Building Department is not going any
more. It is reported that even an effort is being made to
remove the veneer of from the streets, and
there is a fair prospect that Chicago may have at last
the appearance of a government for come time to come.
But, after all, it is pitiful that this awakening should
have depended upon such an awful sacrifice of human
life and upon such appalling human suffering as were
required to remind the people that they have been elect
ing public officers not to properly govern the city, but to
use the power of their positions to prey upon the people.
Other cities may make a note of what is happening
there, and the people may decide for themselves whether
a government of go-betweens, of graft and nepotism is
to be endured until the way to reform is lighted by the
burning bodies of the victims of mfsgovernment.
Unsanitary.
There is a German musician in this
city who i3 just effervescing with
triple extract of rage. N He is seeking
the gore of a coterie of promising
young artists and there is likely to be
a sudden death in the circles of bohe
mia soon if he is not put under re
straint. The story is this.
Down in one of the old rookeries on
the lower end of Montgomery street,
which are the nesting places of the
poor artist and the poorer newspaper
man, there lived until recently a
young artist whose name is high in
the ranks of the art lovers. His stu
dio was one of the coziest in that
drear desert of telegraph wires and
tar roofs which is the province of the
penniless 'searcher after fame. Con
sequently all of the other craftsmen
and a few of the favored literary as
pirants used to foregather in this
cheery oasis and drive dull care away.
Their entertainments usually broke up
with the advent of the morning's milk
wagons.
The German musician lived directly
below this studio and, being of no
temper for conviviality and of an age
"when the beauty sleep was precious,
he grew more and more wrathy over
the evening festivals. At last he went
to the proprietor of the building and
declared that the building was given
over to a lot of young hoodlums who
knew not the laws of right living.
The proprietor felt in duty bound to
convey news -of the German's protest
to the artist.
The next day when the music teach
er was absent from his rooms the
artist and a trusty henchman tiptoed
down to his door and went through
some mysterious auctions. They in
serted a tiny glass pump into a bottle
of liquid and then applying it to the
keyhole of the German's door, they
injected *a tiny stream into the room
beyond. Then they went out to the
City Hall and complained that the
room of their neighbor was of a
shockingly unsanitary character, a
terrible menace to health.
The health inspector was sent to at
tend to the matter. The minute he
began climbing the stairs to the Ger
man's room he was assailed by one of
the most fearful and wonderful
smells known to chemistry. The in
spector did not know that it was mer
captan and when the German re
turned he found a notice from the
Health Department pinned upon his
door.
undoubtedly have been taken much
parlicr than it was.
The war rtself brought the Govern
ment to a realizing sense of the ab
solute necessity of a railroad, to the
Pacific. Aside from the fact that the
.entire. Pacific Coast territory of the
United States was exposed — practic
ally undefended — to hostile attack, it
was soon ascertained that the Govern
ment was obliged to spend $7,000,000
annually for the carrying of troops,
supplies and mails between the Mis
sissippi River and the Pacific Ocean.
Congress granted a charter for the
Union Pacific Railroad in 1862, and in
1864 amended this charter, giving
more liberal terms to capitalists and
doubling trie land grant. Even then
private capital held aloof from the
enterprise, and General \V. T." Sher
man urged that the Government build
the road. President Lincoln, who was
anxious to have the road built, told
General Sherman that the Federal
Government had its hands full and
could not think of embarking in the
business 'of railroad construction.
are in fact the best. This development will effect a de
sirable diversification of our industries, largely increase
a thrifty population of skilled labor, increase our ex
portable surplus and decrease our imports, thus leaving
with us the increment of wealth, which we now send
abroad for "what we will then produce at home.
SPUR TO GOVERNMENT.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY.; JANUARY ,15. ; 1904.
THE SAN FRANDI SCO CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor ? . . • • ? • • ? -Address All Communications' to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
- .- ¦ — — V' 1 ¦ . ¦ '¦ — — — — .. . - — '
— ~1 " • ••¦.. "" ~>~"~~~~~ — ~t~ — ~ : -, .. . .... - . . ..
Publication Office < 3§lliP'%> • Third and Market Streets, S. 1\
FRIDAY JANUARY 15, 1904
8
INSTRUCTIVE STUDIES
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMEN
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMESNat ale Andreotti. financial secretary
of the Fishermen's Mutual Aid Society,
was arrested yesterday on a warrant
charging him with felony embezzle
ment. The complaining witness is Jo
seph Calegaris, president of the so
ciety, who alleges that Andreotti is
short in his accounts to the extent of
$296. A demand for an accounting was
made upon him on December 21, but
he . has failed to make the shortage
good. The complaint was sworn to be
fore Pc-lice Judge Fritz.
Accused of Being a Defaulter.
Vera Costello resented the attentions
which Mabel Wells was bestowing on
the only man she had' ever loved. When
she met Mabel at the eerie hour of 5
o'clock yesterday morning on Kearny
street, between Jackson and Washing
ton, she , put her protest into the form
of skewering her hated rival y t with a
hatpin. Yesterday Miss -Costeilo was
before Judge Mogan to answer to the
charge of assault with a deadly weap
on.
Policeman Nelson, whose eagle *eye
j catches an impression of whatever is
doing along his beat, came to the res
| cue in time to save Miss. Wells from
j" serious "injury. He was prepared to
David Gaffney was booked at^the
City Prison yesterday by Detectives
O'Dea and Mulcahy on a charge of
burglary. He is accused of having
broken into the grocery of Julius Levin,
Bay City Market, on Christmas day
and stealing four cases of whisky, two
cases of eggs and two hams. He was
caught by one of the partners, but
broke away from him and escaped. The
stolen property was recovered by the
detectives. Levin told them that his
store had been systematically robbed
for the last two years. Gaffney was
employed in the market.
Booked for Burglary.
"Most all of the difficulties that come
before me among men are the result
of Quarrels over women, children or
dogs. In the case of women it is hope
less to try to adjust matters. As re
gards dogs the question is altogether
too delicate for discussion except in
specific cases, but with children I would
suggest that some of ¦ the excess en
ergy wasted in battery cases , be ap->
plied to the young ones."
Under the Judge's advice, the two
neighbors shook hands and promised
hereafter to settle the differences be
tween their children by a more peace
ful method than fighting among them
selves.
Judge Cabaniss wrestled with a bat
tery case yesterday. S. Riccomi runs
a fruit stand at 4063 Eighteenth street.
One of his neighbors is George Pol
lock and both of them are fathers of
children. The youngsters became in
volved in trouble and, the elders took
up the auarrel. As a result Riccomi
landed a large, fast punch on his
neighbor's nose. Judge Cabaniss phil
osophized over the questicm in this fash
ion:
During the evening Colonel Bush
was the recipient of a beautiful silver
set, presented to him by the retiring
president of the society, Colonel C.
Mason Kinne, on behalf of the organi
zation in recognition of the secretary's
five years* faithful service.
The N'ew Yorkers, a society com
posed of. natives of New York State,
held their fifth annual meeting at the
Occidental Hotel Wednesday evening.
The following new officers were elected:
President, E. B. Read; vice presidents,
J. V. Coleman and C. D. Benedict; sec
retary, H. P. Bush; treasurer, P.
Fisher.
Election by \cw Yorkers.
The State Board of Bank Commis
sioners issued a license yesterday for
the establishment of the San Mateo
County Savings Bank at Redwood
City. The new institution, which is
capitalized at $30,000, will open its
doors for business February 1. Alfred
J. Marcus has been elected president
of the bank, G. H. Rice vice president
and L. P. Behrens secretary-treasurer
and cashier.
Issues License for »\v Bank.
The prisoners appeared before Judge
Fritz yesterday. Prosecutor Ike Har
ris was clearly up against it. There
was no proof that this game of the
Greeks was a percentage one, and in
the absence of this it was necessary
to dismiss the defendants. Harris went
back to Homer and hummed hexame
ters from the Iliad to the court in
support of his contention that the game
was an unlawful one, but Homer and
the statutes of the State of California
are divergent. Nobody was willing to
testify that the Greeks were taking
any more percentage than they have
always done throughout history, so
they were allowed to go free and take
their places with slot machines and
other immunes.
Twenty-seven Greeks, wise in the
knowledge that the mountains look on
Marathon and Marathon looks on the
sea, but totally unversed in a law pro
hibiting gambling in the city and coun
ty of San Francisco, were gathered in
by Sergeant Ward and four other po
lice officers Wednesday night on the
charge c-f playing a percentage game.
The game was being conducted in" a
saloon at 7S5 Folsom street. On the
table was more than $3000, and all of
the prisoners had wads of greenbacks
in their clothes. •
Wolf bases hrs petition on several
grounds. He claims first that the pro
ceedings of the board were illegal be
cause no charges against him had been
preferred with the Civil Service Board
and because the last named board did
not authc-rizc the Police Board to en
ter into any investigation, as the char
ter requires: second, that the Police
Commissioners were not qualified to
try him because they had become pre
judiced by reason of ; their frequent
consultations with Chief Wittman in
regard to the charges against him, and
third, that he was not given a fair
hearing because Commissioner Drink
house had conferred with George B.
Simpson, saloon-keeper whose
money he was accused of taking.
Former Sergeant of Police Reuben A.
¦Wolf, who was dismissed from the po
lice force for accepting money from
saloon-keepers, took his case into court
yesterday in the hope of securing res
toration. He filed a petition for a writ
of review of the proceedings before the
Board of Police Commissioners which
resulted in his dismissal. Judge Ker
rigan assigned the case to Judge Sea
v.ell, who issued an order directing the
Commissioners to appear before him
January- 22, at 10 a. m., to show cause
why Wolfs petition should not be
granted.
Applies for Writ of Review or the
Commissioners" Acts on Ground
That They Were Prejudiced.
WOU' SEEKS RESTORATION'
• ; TO POLICE DEPARTMENT
sane.
The marriage of Jean Lillian Wills
to George E. Olsen. which took place
at Oakland in October, 1901, was an
nulled yesterday by Judge Slo«s on
complaints of Miss Wills. The testi
mony showed that Olsen, for a long
lime nrior to the marriage, had been
insane, and concealed the fact from
Miss Wills when she consented to be
come his wife.
Interlocutory decrees of divorce
were granted Co Krakries Wichrowski
Irom Jessie WichrowFki for desertion,
Oeil M. Troy from Charles P. Troy
for neglect, and Clara M. Wolf from
Julius J. Wolf for intemperance.
Alden i?. Darrow. freight agent of
the Colorado Midland Railway, who
¦was recently adjudged guilty of con
tempt by Judge Troutt because of his
failure to pay alimony to Florence
Darrow pending: the trial of her suit
for divorce, was purged of contempt
yesterday by Judge Troutt and the di
vorce action was dismissed. The Dar
ron have settled their differences.
Suite for divorce were filed by
Flora Commicia against Louis Com
micia, for cruelty; Wilhelmina C.
Mills against Edward Mills, for intem
perance, neglect and cruelty: Kitty
Pirker ag-ainst Charles F. Parker, for
cruelty; Ellen Gillespie against G. D.
Gillespie, for conviction of felony; and
Belle Cranna against James A. Cran
r.a, for crueltS'.
corin gives miss wills
RELIEF SHE PRAYS 1X>R
U'e >la-s Annuls Ties I'nitins Hei
to Man Who Was In-
A gentleman from Georgia named
Ed Brown was ordered into custody
by Judge Fritz yesterday afternoon be
cause the Judge thought he was not
telline the truth in regard to certain
occurrences he witnessed in connection
with a charge against George Curry for
making an assault With a deadly weap
on on Gus Lindenstadt. Both Curry
and Brown are street car men and the
latter was trying so hard to shield the
defendant that Judge Fritz became
properly indignant.
"There is entirely too much lying go-
Ing on in; the Police Courts," .said the
Judge, "and I shall do whatever I can
to stop it." Late In the evening he
had a conference with District Attor
ney Bylngton and a charge of perjury
was preferred against Brown, with his
bail set at $2000.
William H. Atkins .was held by Judge
Mogan yesterday without bail on the
charge of murder. .He shot and killed
Muldoon McDonald on Christmas day.
McDonald was a negro prizefighter,
somewhat amusing in the ring, but de
cidedly uninteresting outside of it. His
passing will not be vigorously regretted
by the colored colony, among whom he
was rated as a "bully" and a thief.
Atkins killed the fighter on Christmas
day because he had stolen $1 65 from'
a poker game in which he had no in
terest. The defendant pursued and
shot the robber. Self-defense will be
the plea.
Caroline Better conducts a little no
tion store out on Xinth avenue, between
M and X streets. She was before Judge
Fritz yesterday on the* charge of selling
liquor without a license. A recently
appointed policeman named Burg in
vaded the notion store Tuesday morn
ing In civilian clothes and asked the
»ld lady for a drink. She refused to
jell it to him, but offered to give him
a nip, because the fog was chill and
she really believed he needed it. Then
he laid down some money in payment
and afterward arrested her for selling
llcuor without a license. Judge Fritz
listened to her simple story and dis
missed her without a word of censure.
It was plain she had not atte'ixipted to
violate the law and it was only her
charity that had drawn her into the
trouble. In Chicago and elsewhere po
licemen that try to lure people to com
mit crimes have received severe repri
mands from. Judges.
Seek to Prevent Cruelty.
W. T. Harmon was fined $5 . by
Judge Cabaniss yesterday for driving
a horse unfit for use. The case of Wil
liam Churchman, another driver ac
cused of cruefty to his horse, was
continued by Judge Cabaniss until
Saturday. Officers Unger and McCur
rie of the.; Jiumane Society killed a
glandered horse at the docks yester
day. The animal was to be sent to
Petalumato be used for chicken feed.
Gets No Damages.
Alec Fries had his hand injured by
a saw in the factory of the American
Lead Pencil Company about two years
ago and immediately brought a suit
for damages against his employers.
The lower court decided-that the com
pany should compensate the 'young
man for his losses, but the Supreme
Court reverses that judgment. The
case was sent back to the Superior
Court yesterday for a new trial.
Convicted of Assault to Rob.
Joseph Davis was convicted by a jury
in Judge Dunne's court yesterday on
a charge of assault to commit rob
bery. He will be sentenced on Janu
ary 23. On the morning of October 4
he led Henry Gohringer into a door
way on Mission street, near Third, and
was going through his pockets, when
Policeman Tillman made his appear
ance and placed him under arrest.
Dispatches from Paris 5 are to the effect
that the European powers are seeking
en opportunity to intervene in the
threatened war between Russia and Ja
pan, so possibly there will be no war
after all. This does not prevent your
buying a gas range from the S. F. Gas
and Electric Co., 415 Post street. •
WASHINGTON, Jan. 14.— Representative
Robinson Introduced a bill to-day providing
for the admission of Oklahoma and the Indian
Territory into the Union as the State of Ok
lahoma
Mrs. Naomi Morgan, who has a lodg
ing-house at 402 Mason street, secured
a warrant from Police Judge Cabaniss
yesterday for the arrest of "W. E. Gates
cm a charge of passing a fictitious
check. She said that Gates had paid
her $3 room rentf and had given her
a check on the Germania Savings Bank
signed "E. J. Berry" for $20, receiving
115 change. When the check was pre
sented at the bank it was found that
no one of the name of E. J. Berry had
an account there.
"Passes Fictitious Check.
Judge Cabaniss was unsparing in
his words of censure on the heartless
woman who put* a baby on a hot stove
for punishment. During the course
of his lecture the mother of the baby,
who is the daughter of the defendant,'
started a "rough house" in the court
room by abusing M. J. White, secre
tary of the Society for the Prevention
of Cruelty to Children. Somewhat
narrowly she escaped a commitment
for contempt of court. Her mother
was ordered into custody and to-day
Judge Cabaniss will impose as severe
a sentence on her as is compatible
with the circumstanc.es. Six months
is the maximum punishment and there
are no mitigating circumstances.
Takin said he went to his room after
testing the stove and was startled by
a series of screams from the baby.
He rushed down to the kitchen and
found Mrs. Fersent holding the child.
He saw the burns on its body and ad
ministered whatever remedies" he
could find in the house.
Victorina Fersent, the grandmother
who sat a baby on a hot stove in her
home at 710 Grafton avenue, was con
victed yesterday by Judge Cabaniss on
the charge of cruelty to a minor child.
In addition to herself she had as a
witness for the defense a Korean
named A. Takin, who claims to be a
minister of the gospel. He has been
living in the Grafton avenue home for
several months. On the day the baby
was burned he testified that he laid
his hand on the stove and that it was
not exceptionally warm. The defend
ant al3O grave testimony of similar
character.
Maude Laurence, charged with tho
forgery of the name of J. W. Lay
mance to a check for $100, was on
hearing before Judge Cabaniss yester
day. Her defense is that the check
was genuine and the contention was
heavily assisted by the testimony of
Theodore Kylka, the handwriting ex
pert, who said that Laymance's signa
ture to the paper in question was un
doubtedly genuine.
Prosecutor Hanley asked Kytka if
he had examined the alleged spurious
signature under a microscope. "I
wouldn't disgrace a microscope in that
way," said Kytka. "There" Is no neces
sity for such an examination. The
signature on this disputed check could
not have been written except by the
same man who signed the checks which
are admitted to be genuine."
Miss Lawrence bore her usual con
fident air and does not seem to be
much worried over the outcome of the
case. In view of the testimony it looks
as though trouble would never trouble
her on this particular charge.
aSestaS himself a native American
was debarred from appealing to the
Federal courts on habeas corpus.
In th*> matter of the petition of
Chin Bak Bong for a writ of habeas
rorpu*. United States District Judge
d<? Haven handed down an opinion
yesterday concurring in the opinion
of the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals to the effect that a Chinese
person claiming to be a native of the
United States and subject to its juris
diction cannot be estopped from ?p
p^aling- to the Federal courts on ha
beas corpus against the ruling of the
Department of Commerce and Labor
that said Chinese person was not born
in the United States.
In his decision Judge de Haven
says:
Th» question of th» lurisliction of the court
in a proceeding lik» this to Inquire whether a
rcrFon of Chinese de*cnt *a* in fart born in
Jh* fr:it»-<l Statee &vA by r«?aeon of such birth
entftUd to reium to th*> United States after
u temporary absence therefrom received carefuh
«N5nsideration by Judge Morrow in the case of
In F> Tom Yum, Ox. Feb. 485. and the con
rlu*ion reached there was that there J» »uch
jur ; sdictiCB.
The decision quotes the language of
the United States Circuit Court of Ap
peals. Ninth Circuit, in the case of Gee
Fook Ping vs. the United States as
follows: .
>Ve hate considered all the questions of law
£nd fact which xve find involved, and our cotj
> ¦ t atp that inasmuch as the fourternih
articl? cf th« amendments to the constitution
": t^e United State* derlarts that all persons
born in the L'nJted Ftates and subject to th«
jurisdiction thereof are citizen* of the United
ftatee and of the Stat~ wher-ln they reside,
Th<» *¦ >¦ excludire immigrants who are Chi
nese laborers are lnapplicab'.* to a person born
in this country and eubjeci to the Jurisdiction
. ' Its Government, even though his parcntl
MM not cHlien* nor «ntit'ed to become citi
7»n=, mfier tn» .»¦¦. s nrovidin« for the nat
;:ra!!zaUon of aliens: that any person all'xlng
himself to be a citi-en of the United Stat»>
ar.d desiring to return to his country from a
f'jr»ij:r. land and that be is prevented from
rtolrif so without due process of law and who
un that eround appll>-r to any I'niied State*
court fcr a writ of habeas corpus is entitled
to have a hraring and a judicial determination
ot the fact* fo aliped, and that no act of
"cr.grtts can h* understood or construed a*
a bar to*u?h hearing and judicial de termina
tion.
Tn my ccinicn th* casec above clt«>d wer»
POrreetly fletided and tl» demurrer to the peti
tod «i!l be overruled and the motion to dis
ir.ifr*: Jenied.
The petitioner will be taken before
[Totted States Court Commissioner
Heacock for the purpose of determin
ing whether his claim to be a citizen
is or is not true.
United states District Judge Wheel
er of Vermont, la?t October, handed
down a decision that a Chinese person
The defense admitted having mailed
and written the letter, but denied that
it was obscene in the legal sense of the
term as laid down by United States
District Judge <}e Haven in a recent
opinion. In the indelicate epistle Dr.
Fritz recited what purported to be the
history of his relations with his second
wife in the most vulgar Anglo-Saxon
phrase, but Judge Heacock decided
that it did not.come within the prohi
bition of the statute and dismissed the
case.
With Fritz appeared his first wife
and his four children, and as they sat
in a row they occupied one side of the
small courtroom. Fritz was confident,
the divorced Mrs. was smiling
and happy and the little Fritzes snick
ered and giggled at untimely intervals.
His attorney, Bert Schlesinger, confi
dentially informed a f-w friends that
Dr. Fritz and his former wife had be
come recopciled, and that they were
about to be remarried as soon as he
should obtain a divorce from the wom
an to whom he referred in. the letter to
Marshall as "Sandhill Jennie."
Dr. J. A. Fritz, whos: 'roubles
through the divorce suit brought by
his second wife have occupied consid
erable srace in the newspapers recent
ly, appeared yesterday morning before
United States Court Commissioner
Heacock for trial on a charge of hav
ing mailed'an obscene letter addressed
to George Marshall, uncl. f the second
Mrs. Fritz.
Joseph King, the convict preacher,
was sentenced to serve twenty years
in Folsom penitentiary for burglary in
the first degree. The sentence will run
concurrently with one Imposed upon
King previously. King, Thomas Barker
and Henry Hamilton maintained a
"robbers' roost" at 835B Howard street,
where they kppt the products of bur
glarirs in different lodging-houses.
Hamilton and Barker are both serving
terms of sixteen years. King and Bar
ker have taken appeals to the Supreme
Court.
J. E. Crothers was sentenced to serve
seven years in Folsom on a charge of
forgery. He forged the name of M?>t
& Co., wholesale druggists, to an order
for twenty cases of whisky, which he
obtained from a firm on Drumm street
and sold to Kennedy & OKeefe. gro*
cers. Eddy and Pierce streets, for $150.
He had been arrested several times for
similar swindles and there is another
charge of forgery pending against him.
He is 25 years of age and is regarded
as one of the cleverest young crim
inals in the city. Since being • con
fined in the County Jail he has writ
ten to Judge Lawlor in contrite terms,
expressing an intpntion to reform if
given another chance.
Jacob SHverman was sentenced to
Ferve fifteen years in Folsom on a
charge of robbery. He pleaded guilty.
The offense was committed in the
Olympic dance hall at 519 Pacific street
on the night of October S. W. W. Eg
gleston, a miner, had been drinking in
the dance hall and went to a rear
room. He was followed by Silverman,
who placed a loaded revolver against
his abdomen and ordered'him to throw
up his hands. Eggleston complied, but
one of his hands happened to drop and
Silverman, shoving the muzzle of the
revolver into Eggleston"s mouth,
threatened to blow his head off. Sil
verman then relieved Eggleston of his
gold watch and chain and ran from the
dance hall, but was pursued and cap
tured. Silverman is a young man and
the Judge in passing sentence upon him
said that he belonged to a class of
young men who were responsible for
the many desperate robberies that are
committed in this city. He declared
there was need of strong example and
that their comparative youth should
not be permitted to interfere with the
infliction of adequate punishment for
the perpetration of crimes of such
gravity and alarming frequency.
Judge Lawlor passed sentence on
three prisoners yesterday.
Charles Wines, a railroad man from
Oakland, who made the grievous mis
take of changing his name to Wilson,
was on trial before^ Judge Fritz yester
day on the charge' of throwing red pep
per into the eyes of a boy on Mission
street". There was no desire to prose
cute the defendant. The complaining
witness admitted that he had been
bothering Wines in company with a
crowd of other boys. He said he was
not injured by the ' pepper and was
very glad to drop the prosecution.
Judge Fritz was flooded with letters
from prominent Oakland persons tes
tifying to Wines' good character and
he was dismissed with a reprimand.
J. E. Croihers, Clever Criminal,
Will Spend the Next Seven
Years in Same Institution
Accused Man Becomes Recon
ciled to Former Spouse and
She Takes Children to Court
American Born Chinese Must
Not Be Treated Differently
From Whites of Same Birth
There werej other legal proceedings
which she had contemplated. She
wanted to get a divorce for one thing
and a horde of eager attorneys ad
vised her that such procedure would
be for her benefit. U'hen Judge Mo
gran got his Roentgen ray of Justice
fully operating on the case, he called
the young couple up close to the
bench and advised them:
"You two young people Had better
go into my chambers," he said, "and
talk this matter over. Evidently two
lives may be sundered that should be
joined if you drift apart." Bailiff
Jerome J. Hickey led the couple to the
Judge's chambers and within teji min
utes they came out holding each
other's hand. They told the court
that all differences had been settled.
The younjp husband promised that
hereafter he would not look upon the
wine when it was red and glittering
in the* cup and his wife was willing to
take one more chance with him.
Parker is employed at the Union Iron
Works and bore excellent references
from his empjoyers.
One family, badly disjointed be
cause the husband was a roisterer by
night, was reunited b.y Judge Mogan
yesterday in the Police Court. The
husband is a young fellow, Charles
Parker by name, well appearing and
industrious. One year and a half ago
he took for a. wife a very pretty girl,
who bore him one child. Thereafter
he fell In the way of temptation and
his wife had him arrested on the mis
demeanor charge of failing to sup
port a minor child.
DEFENDANT TO REMARRY
tell the court all he knew of the oc
currence, but at the request of the
defendant's attorney the case was set
over until January 19.
EXCLUSION ACT LIMITED
WISELY PLEADS GUILTY
Commissioner Heacock Rules
That the Letter About the
Second Wife Was Not so Bad
Matters of a Marital Nature^ Are Easily
Adjusted Between Young
Grandmother Convicted of Cruelty
Decision of Judge Wheeler
of Vermont Is Overthrown
by the Opinion of I)e Haven
CITIZENS MAY
TAKE APPEAL
DOCTOR FRITZ
IS INNOCENT
Jacob Silyerraan Sentenced
to Serve Fifteen Years in
Folsom on Bobbery Charge
YOUNG CROOKS
ARE PUNISHED
JUDGE MOGAN REUNITES
ONE DISSEVERED COUPLE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. FRlbAY. JANUARY 15, 1904.
9
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I THE WHITP HOUSF I
JANUARY 18th.
IMPORTANT SALE OF \
Decorative Art Objects
Strictly One Price. No Discount. \
/ Cor.Post&Kearwy StSa t
AMUSEMENT^
£*ftl 1IIABBA SA<I Fame's
llUkU reSBl M IEA81S3 IHEAIES
• MATINEES SATURDAYS ONL.Y.
AH This Week. Also Next Monday. Tuesday
and Wednesday Nights,
MRS.
LANGTRY
In Percy Fendall'a Modern Comedy.
"MRS. DEERING'S DIVORCE"
Thursday. Friday. Saturday Nights and Satur-
day Marine* c! Next Week.
First Times Here of Sydney Grundy's
"The Degenerates"
As Presented by Mrs. Langtry in London and
the Provinces for 4SO Consecutive
Performances.
Sunday. January 24 — German Performance,
"ALS 1CH WIEDERKAM."
BO=Big Acts=IO
Howard Tliurston; Wallno and Mnri-
nettc; Asm; White and Simmon'
and Orphcum Motion Pictures. I.it.-t
time* of Halleii and Fuller; Diiml-
trescu. Van Auken and Vannerson:
the Sa-Vans; Charlotte Gnyer
George and the Tobias.
Regular Matinees Every Wednesday. Thurs-
day. Saturday and Sunday. Prices 10c. 25c
ant 50c.
T8\/AI I opera
i I V SJhml HOUSE.
PRAISED BY PRESS AN3 PUBLIC!
MATINEE SATURDAY.
When Johnny ,
Gomes Marching Home.
A Military Spectacular Comic Opera by Stan-
islaus Stance end Julian Edwards.
Martial Music! Picturesque Scenery! North-
ern Soldiers and Southern Sweethearts!
XTsnal Popular Prices .... 25c, 50c and 75c
Box Seats »1.OO
MATINEK TO-MORROW.
LAST TWO NIGHTS.
Miss Viviarf Prescott
In the Pastoral Southern Melodrama,
IN CONVICT STRIPES
A Story of Life In the Hills of South Carolina.
NEXT SUWDAT XATX2TES
ONE NIGHT in JUNE
A Play for the People.
USUAL POPULAR PRICES.
That a ~\ Will
Good Show j Draw
Is Evidenced by the Tremendous Crowds That
" Pour In to See
THE BEAUTY SHOP
Fascinating in 'the Extreme.
Handsomely Staged and Costumed.
Presented by Our Great
.'- "ALL STAR CAST"
In Superb Style.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
LYRIC HALL 1 TO-N!ght&
BURTON HOLMES
LECTURES
MOSCOW TO i^ ol
Special Matinee To-Morrow at 3
THE YOSEMTTE.VALLEY
TO-MORROW EVENING AT 8:13
GRAND CANY0I\Lar£Sna
Reserved Seats 30c. 75c and SI-GO at
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.S.
Racing iSi!^ Racing!
OAKLAND RACE TRACK
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKET CLUB.
Commencing January 4.
Racing . Each Week Day. Rala or Shins.
Six or More Races Daily.
Races commence a t\ 2:15 p.' m. sharp.
For special trains stopping at the track tak*
B. P. Ferry, foot of Market street." at 12.
12:30. 1:00. 1:30 <J r 2 o'clock. No smoking la
last two cars.' which arc reserved for ladles
and their escorts. . • . • ¦
Returning; trains leave track at 4:10 and
• ;45 and Immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H.* "WILLIAMS. President.
PERCY -W. TREAT. Secretary. . • . --
HOME FOR OLD PEOPLE
This home for the aged, conducted by the
Sisters of Mercy, is situated at £an Diaxo.
Cal., on University Heights, overlooking. .th«
ocean. The climate Is considered the finest In
the world free from extremes ef fceut or cold
Aa-ed couples are also ¦ received. - Th# charges
for a home ; for llf« vary from SI500 unnnrd,
accordlDK to age and rsqulrejrsnts. Koi farther
information apply to sister. Sut*erlnr St. Jo-
•eph'a i Sanitarium, Eaa Diejo, CaL
AMUSEMENTS.
H"^^""^ TO-NIGHT.
j TO^ IP t Hoyt ' s l k
\ CHINATOWN... k
I Sunday— THE FATAL. WED- Cj
l STECIAL. — iitxt M-T.day — S
j OpT.irg of a-Jvanc« .«»!« for I
' 'THE KTERVAI. CITY." *rt:h N-
EDWARD MORGAN and «nt!r* i%
original Xtw York cast. 1^
AiXAZAK iprss
TO-KIGHT — THIS -WEEK ONLY.
aiATTWEES TO-MORSOW and 5TJ3TD A Y
GREAT HIT OP
THE MOTH S&3%,
===== ¦
...and... 3&£? te " rt
THE FLAME y
I MIL. I LHITIL. raihlcnabla
= Weddiajr.
I Evtp.. ?5c to 7Zc. .Mats. Pat.ami Sun.l5o to 30?.
XEXT MONDAY— First tirn. tn this city.
The AVallack Th»ater"« Hit of Last Season.
The Cyclonic American Comedy.
7Y\F?S. J/\CK.
1(JO NIGHTS IX NE'vV TOIiK.
Market St., near Eighth. Phone South 533,
TO-XZGHT — All. THIS WEE3C,
MATINEES TO-MORROW AND SUNDAT.
Flrit Time Here of the. Eastern Succets,
T? 1 ? Moonshiners
A comedy drama of th« Virginia, Mountain*.
Thrilling! Entrancing! Sensational'.
First appearance In this city of
T0M1XT SHEASSS,
Th« new comedian of the Central Stock Com-
pany.
PRICFS f. v " nin * s i«* tosoo
I niVLJ Matinees ir*. i5c. 250
Week cf January IS — THE BOWERY GIRL*
OEAVES' MERRY MANIKINS
And » Great Sbow Crazy At tarnooa aa&
Evenlas In the Seated Tjxe*ter.
A CHINESE BABY IN THE INFANT INCU-
. CUBATOR.
Visit the Mystic Mirror Haze.
Take a Trip Down the Flame.
IK3PECT "CABARET DE ZiA XOBT."
Admission. 10c: Children. 5c.
When Phoning. Ask fcr •'The Chutes."
PfliflfP D0NT FAIL TO
laiaWV , ce the beautiful
j COURT Louaginf
ft fifl roorn - the EM PI R E
UUU PARLOR, the
r> % PALM ROOM, tho
urand louis xv par.
il^ji^ DIES' WRITINO
1 Hotels room.
IA/. X. HESS.
Votary Public and Attorney-at-Iaw.
Tenth Floor. Room 1015, Clatu Spracfctla bid*.
Telephone Main 983.
Residence. S21 California ¦>{. b«low Powell.
R«aldenc* Talephon* Jxm» 1901.
Gg R a a /BL Ammunition. Hunting and
g Bwls'ik Sporting Goods. Larses:
if | 5s9 "^K *tc.ck. Lowest prices Sen!
H a awls • fur catalogue.
»' 9 a W SHREVE * GABBER CO..
733 Market «t. and Si!
~-_A Kearr.y st.
COME, EARLY!
THEY ARE HERE!
A Carload Arrived Yestord?y
|r E 20ih CENTURY!
COOK BOOK r
All persons sending to
the Cook Book Depart-
tnent of this paper a six
months' subscription to
The Daily and Sunday
Call may secure one of the
Twentieth Century Cook
j Books at the premium rate
of SOC.
All Call subscribers may
take advantage of this
offer.
1 Oui-af-tawn subscribsrs should remit
20c iddiiimai fa prepay tnasporhiiaa
charges.
POSTUM CEREAL.
Coffee
I Does Things
' to the ....
Liver
When yours is hit hard enough,
quit and save the remaining;
! stock of health. It may be
small, but it will grow stead-
ily larger if good, well-made
Postum
Coffee
Is used in place of the ordi-
ADVERTISEMENTS. , '
MPGLURE'S
MAGAZINE
begins the new year
with an edition of the
January Number of
415000 Copies
To make sure of getting this
number, buy it at once be-
fore the edition is exhausted.
The^ McGliire's for December
sold out in ten days.
¦ . ; YOU CAN OET McCLURE'S FROM ANT- MEWS-"
. DEALER, McCLURE AOENT OK THE PUBLISHERS
— 10c A COPY— 11.00 FORA YEAX*8 SUBSCRIPTION.
8- a McCLtTRB CO.. 143 EAST 39th ST.. NEW .YORK.NEW YORK, Jan. 14.— The firm of E. S.
Hooley & Co.. which suspended during th«
depression in the stock market some months
ago, TTis to-day reinstated to membership on
the Stock Exchange.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 14.— Commander Wil
liam H. Sutherland. U. S. N.. on his own re
quest, has been , relieved from duty as hydro
grapher and arnlgned to command th«- new
cruiser Cleveland, now at the New York navy
jard. . ' *~^ >
LOS BAXOS, Jan./14— A railroad
crew built a track beside last : night's
wreck at Volta and the 'cars \ that" were
not derailed started J south " at r 8 o'clock
this- morning. 'The. track .willnot'be
repaired until late to-nlghtl ;<
Track Built Beside a Wreck.
Presidio. Positions. San Jose.
Forsythe. ......... . Pitcher. ... .Elmer Emerson
t'om ad .-.'. .......... Catcher. .". . . . .Jimmy Kent
Hallihan. First base. Hcgan
Douglas. .......... . .Second : base. .'.r. . . .Schutte
Cameron........... Third base. .... .Pete Allen
Fair Fhcrstop.. .... ...Hal Chasn
Lamb. ...... . . ; : . . ; Left 1 .- field:: ... :: ; . ... .Hall
On* aid. .center field. .. . . . v. Whalen
Cusack night field .plmstead
The Presidio baseball nine and the
team representing San Jose will meet
on the* Presidio athletic grounds to
morrow in a game for the amateur
championship of the "coast. The teams
will line up at 2:30 o'clock as follows:
For the Baseball, Championship.
Seek Boxing Permits for February.
The Supervisors' Police* Committee
yesterday postponed action for one
week on the of the Pacific.
Yosemite and San Francisco -clubs to
give a professional boxing' exhibition
in February. The Pacific and West
ern clubs petitioned for the -January
permit, but neither was represented
at the meeting. < ..',. = ¦;
Intruder v«. The Referee: Qulta v». North
ern Lad; Dusky Barbara vs. Marguerltte;
Creewlch *s.' Master Clalr: Doc "Burns vs.
Flora Belle; Cloudburst vs. Van Alba; Oulda
vs. Ycunj Johnny tlex: Crawford Belle v«.
Mountain Poet; Golden Rule vs. Reckless Ac
robat; Wedsewccd vs. Gold Chain; Doris vs».
Medley; Troubleaame vs. Little Lucy; Plough
man vs. Whiiper; Querlta Vincent vs. My Bon
nie King; Young Fearless \t. Bed Pepper;;
Heal DuchMS vs. Lord Goff; Facto* Billy vs.
Rcse of Gold; Clover Blossom vs. Belfast:
Royal Friend vb. Equator; Roy Hushle vs.
Beauty Gold: 'Mi Am'.go v». Glaucus; Golden
Light vs. Homer Boy; Maid of Menjy v».
America; Harlean Gladys vs. Red Rock i High
Born vs. Lauchinc Water: Progresco vs. Top
syturVy: Piker vs. Haddlngton; Cloverdale vs.
May Flush; Maid of the Glen vs. Meddlesome;
lone Hill vs. Grand Marshal; Boots vs.
Krishna: Lest Girl vs. Little Mercy; Viking
vs.. Foxy Quiuer; Una vs. Fancy Free; Lulu
Girl vs. Our Minnie; Mollle Me vs. Prome
theus; MIsa Wilson ,v». Texas Betty; Rcse
Tree vs. Jeasfe Dear; Flower of Kerry v«.
Brilliancy: ¦ Yokowan vs. Monbells; Maid of
Gowrle ve. Fannie Hushle: Celtic vs. Bare
foot Boy: Van , Nora .vs. Toronto: Northern
Alarm vs. -Lady Plnla: Mirage vs. Odd Eyes;
Bohe vs. Gold Lily; Ragged Actor vs. ¦ Joe
Pasha; Menlo Prince vs. Bonnie Hughie.
Xinety-six greyhounds will furnish
the sport this week at Ingleside Cours
ing Park. The running on Saturday
will commence at 11:30 and on Sun
day at 10:30. The hounds were drawn
In the following order:
Will Furnish Two Dnys' Sport for the
Men Who Arc Interested In
Coursing.
MXETY-SIX GREYHOUNDS
IN LN'GLESIDE EVENT
Dugdale Sells to Const League.
SEATTLE. Jan. 14.— The baseball
war in Seattle was ended to-day when
D. E. Dugdale sold out to the Pacific
Coast League. The price is not made
public. Dugdale refused an offer of
$10,000 for his plant last year in or
der to remain loyal to the league he
had helped to found. Soon afterward
Tacoma quit with a full treasury and
when Dugdale learned that Butte and
Salt Lake did not want to come here
this season if a war was on he con
cluded to protect his own interests.
A favorable proposition was made
him this afternoon and he accepted.
This will leave Lucas free to form 'an
intermountain league that will em
brace Spokane. This will probably
be done at the Spokane meeting on
Saturday. -
PROBABLE WIUJTEBS.
First race — St.nl ox Tarans, Skip Me.
Watklas OTcrtcn.
Second race — The. Care, Bombardier.
Xrlfcbla Candid.
Third nice — ftonnt McOresror, Couita
Carrie, Puts in Bocts.
Fourth race — Gold Money, Sad Sam.
Ecckavmy.
Fifth race — Ziapldm, MUai, Turk Mm
tcr.
Sixth race — Nisrxette, Avenger. Tele
phone. N .
The final round between Mrs.
Brown and Miss Hager was - to have
taken place yesterday morning and
was expected to be ' an interesting
struggle, a3 Miss Hager has been play
ing a strong, game recently. Mrs.
Brown, however, defaulted, giving the
victory to Miss Hager.
The members of the San Francisco
Golf Club have been notified by Col
onel Morris, commanding .the post at
the Presidio, that the troops must use
the • grolf grounds this 4 morning,: also
on the morning of Wednesday, Janu
ary "20, and on the arrival of Gover
nor Taft' from .the Philippines. \
Miss Alice Hager's name will be in
scribed on the Council's cup for
women of the San Francisco Golf
Club, for which trophy she has more
than once been tha runner-up. The
competition just completed began on
Tuesday morning, the winners in' ths
opening round being Miss Alice Hager,
Mrs. R. D. Girvin, Mrs. E. S. Miller
and Mrs. R. Gilman Brown. Miss Ha
ger won her match, after tying with
Mrs. Leroy Nickel on eighteen holes,
at the nineteenth hole. Mrs. E. S.
Miller beat Miss Edith Che3ebrough:
Mrs. R. D. Girvin won by the default
of Miss J.I. B. .Houghton, 1 and. Mrs. R.
G>-Brown defeated Miss Drum. >
In the semi-final round played on
Wednesday Miss Hager won 10 up 8
to play from Mrs. R. D. Girvin, and
Mrs. R. G. Brown beat Mrs. E. S. Mil
ler 4 up 3 to play. At the eVid of the
first round Mrs. Brown was 1 up, and
at the tenth hole Mrs. Miller made tho
score all even. The 'match ended at
the fifteenth hole, with Mrs. Brown 4
up 3 to play. :
Wins Con'.pctitlon Tor Women's Golf
Trophy by Default of Mrs.
H. G. Brown. '
MISS HAGEirS XAME
WILL APPEAR ON' CUP
S7C6 Past Master (Fink) ICC
570« Mllas lHanna) 11*
T.T02 •Brissac <Markleln) 1U1
S71!» »Be Happy (Green) W
5fS3 »Augle (Capps & Co.) t^t
6C5TJ*E1 Pllar (Haskell) l°l
SCSI Fille d"Or (Kenyon) *•»
R792 *Grand Sachem (Moran) 101
Befift 'Lapidus (Daly) 501
5726 Donator (Mulholland) 1W*
571.S MacGyle (Boots & Hollenbeck) Ill
57C6 Expedient (Smith) HI
Sixth race— One mile; three-year-olds and
up: selling:
."MISS *Nlgrette (Jennings) fl«
5714 'Floriana Belle (Miller) "«
.•MS70 Coroner Kelley (Bender & Co.) »l
ri7C.*; 'Telerhonc (Smith) SO
,"647 'Avenger «Schorr) 86
•Apprentice allowance.
The blaze started in the hotel, which
was owned by F. W. Smith, and spread
rapidly to adjoining houses. Before the
alarm was sounded ths persons sleep
ing in the upper rooms were aroused
by the crackling flames and the vol
ume of smoke that poured into the
apartments. Instantly a stampede to
the street began. Women hurried out
in scant attire, and the men wasted
no time in sartorial preparation for
exit. Several Jumped from the lower
windows.
The loss is about $10,000. A saloon
owned. by Madge Yates was destroyed
The cause of the fire is not known
GRANTS PASS. Ore., Jan 14.—
Flame and smoke enveloped the Del
marte Hotel here at 5 o'clock this
morning and sent the half-clad guests
scurrying to places of safety on the
chill streets. Several men and women
were slightly burned in their rush from
the burning building, and tne of them,
Frank McNamara, was - severely in
jured.
Special Dispatch to The Call
These stories, it Is claimed, had
been told to, old man Slight, which ac
counted for his dislike of his son
Samuel. The court held that the at
torneys might endeavor to prove that
such stories had been told to old man
Slight.
Among the witnesses in the contest
was Dr. F. W. Hatch, superintendent
of the State hospitals. Dr. Hatch tes
tified his belief that while Slight was
on the verge of insanity when he had
the - visions, 'nevertheless he was what
would be regarded as a man of sound
mind.
During: the proceedings it was
charged that the old man's mind had
been poisoned «by stories he had been
told concerning his son Samuel. At this
afternoon's session Al D. Briggs, a
prominent down-river farmer, was put
on the stand. When Judg^e Peter J.
Shields asked what it was desired to
prove by Briggs Attorney Robert T.
Devlin said It was intended to show
by the witness that Samuel Slight,
who is trying to break his father's
will, had stolen Brig-gs' wife from him
and had afterward married her. The
witness, was asked if he had not at
one time intrusted his wife to the care
of Sam Slight, with the understanding
that he was to take her to a certain
place, but that he had taken her to
another place and deceived him. This
was objected to and sustained by the
court. Judge Shields said the point
might be brought up in another
form.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 14.— A sensa
tional episode marked* this afternoon's
session of the Superior Court., which
has been engaged for several weeks
in the trial of the contest to break the
will of the late Enos T. Slight, a capi
talist, who was well known through
out the State as a patron of spiritual
ists. The family is well known in
this city, and much interest has been
imparted to the proceedings by the
unusual character of the evidence.
Slight died a short time ago, and It
was found that his will cut off with $1
his son, Samuel Slight, and his grand
daughter, Mrs. Nina Casselman. the
bulk of his property going to other
children and relatives. Mrs. Cassel
man and Slight began a contest,' al
leging that deceased at the time of
making his will under the influence
of spiritualists and that he was gov
erned in all his acts by visions he
claimed to have held.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Occupants of a Hotel in a
Southern Oregon City Hasten
From the Blazing Building-
Interesting; Testimony Given
'During a Will Contest in One
of the Courts in Sacramento
NEW OKLKANS. La., Jan. Hi— Crescent
City summary:
First race, six furlong* — Lady Lavish won.
Julia M second. Dusky third. Time, 1:14.
Seconil tace, ff\vn furlongs— Vestry won
Ethel Wheat second. Tioga third. Time, 1 :2H.
Third race, six furlongs — Scorpio won. Frank
Bell second. Clangor third. Time, 1:13 3-5.
Fourth race, handicap, enc mile — Captain
Arnold Avon. Tribe's Hill second. Ethics third
Time. 1:40 2-5.
Filth, race, three furlongs— Friar Tuck won,
All Scarlet second, Dan Home third. Time
0:38 2-5.
Sixth race, one and an eighth miles— Mc-
Willlams won, Lou Woods second. Baronet
third.' Time. 1:J5.
NEW ORLEANS RACE RESULTS.
DIPLOMATIC RELATIONS
ARE NOT TO BE RESUMED
Appointments of Archbishop Serafinl
as Apostolic Delegate to Mexico
Will Not Change Conditions.
ROME Jan. 14.— The Vatican au
thorities have been informed that th
appointment of Consignor Serafl-/
Archbishop of Spoleto. as apostolic
delegate to. Mexico, cannot lead to the
resumption of diplomatic relations
between the Holy See and Mexico,
where since the fall of Maximilian
there has existed a complete separa
tion of church and state.
The late Pope Leo made several at
tempts to have the Roman religion
given official recognition In Mexico
but President Diaz constantly and
consistently refused to comply with
Pope Leo's wishes, although not op
posed to Catholicism, which prospers
In Mexico more than It does In any
other Latin-American republic. The
new apostolic delegate to Mexico will
have exactly the same powers and
limitations as that of the apostolic
delegate at Washington.
CHICAGO. Jan. 14. — The National Business
League to-day began a movement to amend
the constitution of the United States so as to
Ox the Presidential term at six years and
make the President Ineligible for re-election.
TRIAL STIRS
A SENSATION
GUESTS FLEE
FROM FLAMES
DETAINED BY POLICE
PENDING INVESTIGATION
Man With Many Names Is Taken Into
Custody at the Palace
A man giving his name as G. S.
Seidle, was arrested at the Palace
Hotel yesterday afternoon' by Detect
ives Ryan and Taylor and is being
held by the police, pending an inquiry
Into his past. On January 6 he reg
istered at the Palace as R. M. Ander
son of San Jose. Two days later he
disappeared without paying his bill
and shortly after he had gone it was
reported that the blankets of the .bed
in his room were missing. Two days
ago ho registered again at the Palace
under the name of R. M. Thompson.
About 1 o'clock yesterday afternoon
he entered his room and was prepar
ing to go to bed, when he was taken
into custody bj' the detectives, who
had been looking for a man answering
his description and who is suspected
of having committed several thefts at
different hotels of late.
While waiting for their prisoner to
dress the detectives caught him in the
act of throwing behind his bed a pawn
ticket for an overcoat. The ticket
bore the name of Rudolph. It later
developed that he had been staying at
different hotels under several names
and when 6earched a key to a room in
the Golden West Hotel was found in
his pocket. The prisoner claims to
be a hotel man of Portland. Last
night he was identified as a former
bartender of a hotel in Portland.
Succumbs to Gas Poisoning.
fierman Henriksen, who was found
in an unconscious state from g-as
poisoning at 336 Sutter street on
Wednesday, died at the Central Emer
gency Hospital last Slight.
Fifth race. Hlauson course, purse — Bill Cur
tis. 11« (Kedfern). 2 to 5, won; Sals. 107
(Fletchei), 6 to 1, Rccond; Dargin. Ill (J.
Boland), 2 to 1. third. Time, 1U1& Dargin
and Eucenie B coupled. Strife also ran.
Sixth race, six furlongs, gelling — Sallie
Goodwin. 1(5 <K. Walsh). 8 to 5, won: Al
monpr, 1C7 (Buxton). 10 to 1. second; Little
Margaret. K«) (J. Lewis). 7 to 1. third. Time.
1:10. Celehration. Nina B L, Geifha Girl. J.
V. Klrhy, Ncna D. Toto Gratlot and Skirmish
also ran. . „
Fourth i act, one mile, handicap — Haviland,
110 fRedfern). 13 to 10. won; Dolly Hayman.
!)« (Lowe), 5 to 1, second; Glennivis, 1<« (E.
Walsh). 7 to 2. third. Time. 1:42. Pirato.
11. F. Tarocy and Pathamon also ran.
Second race, two-year-olds, three furlongn,
puri>c — Airship. 108 (.L.. Spencer), 2 to 6, won:
De Grammant. 10S <E. Walsh). 3 to 1, sec
ond; Tim Hurst. 10S (J. Boland), 4 to I, third.'
Time. 0:37& O. P. Waterhouse also started.
Third race, seven furlongs, selling — Galan
thus, 102 (Uuxton). 3^i"to 1, won; Anvil.
103 <J. .Lewis), 3 to 1. second; " Jingler. 1C2
(Birkenruth). ti to, 1. third. Time. 1:30. Chief
Aloha. Due Martin, Mac Ana and Jack Riche
lieu Jr. iJso ran. -
First race, one mile and seventy yards, wil
ing;— The Goldfinder, 107 (E. Walsh), 2H to 1,
won; Dupont. 97 <J. Lewis). ." to 1. second;
Lunar. 1C5 (Hooker), 7 to 1, third. Time, 1 :4S.
Heir Apparent. Ohio Girl, Glenrlce and Dr.
Kchole a!so ran.
Haviland, Dolly Hayman and Glen
nevis furnished the most exciting fin
ish of the meeting in the fourth race.
In a whipping finish Redfern, on Havi
land, outrode Lowe, on Hayman, 'and
E. Walsh, on Glennevis. The three
horses finished heads apart in the or
der named.
Bill Curtis outclassed his field in the
fifth and won easily.
The sixth went to Sallie Goodwin,
Almoner- second. Little Margaret third.
Weather perfect: track good.
SUMMARY.
Anvil, the 3 to 5 favorite for the
third race, was beaten by Galanthus.
Jingler being third. Anvil was played
as if it were all over, but he faltered
at the finish when he appeared to have
the race won.
The second race at three furlongs fur
nished a whipping finish, Airship, the
2 to 5 favorite/winning by a nose from
DeGrammont, with Tim Hurst third.
Favorites won the majority of the
races and the public went home happy.
The Goldflnder was the* first one to go
through, winning the mile and seventy
yard event from Dupont, with Lunar
third. Walsh rode a perfect race on
The Goldfinder,
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 14.— When Sal
lie Goodwin came under the wire first
in the last race there was a cheer from
the thousands of women in the grand
stand and a rush of hundreds of men
to get in line behind the bookmakers'
cashiers. Sallie was the "real good
thing" on to-day's programme and she
went through without a hitch. She
opened at 2% to 1, but there was a
rush at every book and in two minutes
the price was forced down to 7 to 5.
At post time it was 8 to 5. It was la
dies' day at Ascot, and 6000 fair,spec
tators were present. It seemed that at
least half this number had a bet down
on Sallie Goodwin.
The matter of permits is still in abey
ance. The police committee of the
Board of Supervisors took no action in
the matter at their meeting yesterday.
From present appearances there will he
no fight this month. This means that
some club will be shy one exhibition
this year.
Like Flanagan, the railway station
agent who, in reporting a train wreck,
wired: '•Number 6 off again, on again,
jfone again. Flanagan," the Young Cor
bett-Britt fight is on again.
John J. Gleason took a hand at
matchmaking yesterday and soon had
the signatures of the elusive but much
ly 6ought boxers to a contract. They
have agreed to fight in Woodward's
Pavilion on Friday, March 11, for €5
per cent of the gross receipts. The
club guarantees that the winner's share
wfll be at least 510.000. The boxers are
each to post $2500 forfeit before 6
o'clock to-day with Eddie Graney, the
referee, guaranteeing their appearance
in the ring ready to fight. The club
will popt a similar amount, which will
be forfeited if it cannot promote the
fight. The complete article of agree
ment follows:
PAN" FRANC1SOO. January H. 1904.
•We. th" ur.J»rrtp-n«il. do hereby Hjrre* to
box tn-entr roundn^at Woodward's Pavilion,
hen J-'ranc isvo. <n r»e eveninz of March 11.
1904, lor €5 cer cenr cf the gross receipts of'
*sid exhibition. ¦whK.hjs to be und»r .the n.an
ap^mfnt ot the Hajraw Valley Athletic Club.
We further apxe to«OMt « forfeit of J2500
at one*, th? rluh to do the samp.
J^hn J. Glf-ason. representing th? Hayes
Valley Athletic «'lul>. hereby afrree* \n have
Vrv.-lTrard'p I'avilinn remodried fo r.s to com
lortably accommodate 7500 pecri!*.
W. 51. WiTinVELL i 'Young Corbett).
.WMUY nR!TT.
JHHX j. GLEASON. representing the Hayes
Vattejr Athletio <-]nh
Tl'itneEs: GEORGE I\ WEBSTER.
The sudden signing of the men added
another surprise to the long list which
negotiations for tho fight have devel
oped. Late on Wednesday night Young
Corbett and Manager Coffroth cam» to
an understanding and the Yosemite
Club manager was told that everything
was satisfactory and to get Britt's sig
nature to a contract. Britt was not to
be found at his usual haunts yester
day and the next development was the
matching of the men by the Hayes
Valley Club.
Alex Greggains feels he has a griev
ance in the matter. He holds the lease
of Woodward's Pavilion with Morris
Levy and the latter retired in his favor
when bids were first opened. Greg
gains also claims he thought Gleason
was acting for him. when he signed the
men.
The Club Promises That the
Share of the Victor Will
Not Be Less Than $10,000
Haviland, Dolly Hayman and
Glennevis Furnish Sensation
al Race When They Hook Dp
WINNER'S BIG GUARANTEE
Mrs. Langtry, the noted English
actress, accompanied by her maniger,
was a guest of President Williams at
the clubhouse yesterday.
A. C. Dean, trainer of F. W. Brode,
was suspended pending an investiga
tion as to the, horse's erratic beha
vior.
Sam Franks, a well known New
York bookmaker, is here. He may
take a hand in the game.
Bill Jackman will cut in on Satur
day. Bill paid, a visit to England at
the close of the Eastern season.
Redfern and J. Lewis will come up
from Los Angeles to ride in the Adam
Andrew selling stake on Saturday. The
latter wfll have the mount on Dick
Turpin.
ENTRIES FOR TO-DAY.
First rare—^Futurity course: 4-year-olds and
upward; selllrr: . . ...
fvTiS4 -AlKareta (Murray; JOo
5«i;s *My Surorise ( Rogers) llw
r»7:'.O fckip Me (Madison & Co.). U0
5718 Bat'.clor f Fine) 10S
5714 Paul of Tarsus (Walz) .1TJ
5<il2 Teufel-(Marrane) lt»<
r.M»4 ClauHUS (Ryan) HI
f.70« Rlnaldo (Slsklyou Stable) U2
B582 'Res-bud (Pcrke) 105
.-.714 •Little Sifter (GrafTort) UV»
T.714 Wanderllnic (Prltchard) 110
5716 'Watkins Overton (Knebelkam?) .....10U
Bfcond "trace — Five and a half furtonrs; 3
year-olds: selllns- '
s JW.M Dundreaiy fBurns & Waterhouse) 103
MB3 St. Yusef (Kentucky Stable).... T02
r.714 IaisMk iSchrelber) .r 10»
WO 1 ? Instrument (McAlester) 112
5527 The Cere « Klsher) 112
1 5C70 North West 1 Stover). . -¦ .100
The Lieutenant (Smith) 109
B7(W -Libbie Candid (Appleby) ...102
5670 Bombardier (Jennings) ...112
B3S7."Targette (Fountain) ..102
5714 Scht-rzo (Pv.eblo Stable) liWi
5607 Klelnwood (Mcshler)-. 103
Third, race— Futurity course; 4-yfar-oI(!i and
upward: rellin;: .
..... *Qulbo ( Lynch) - 1Q"
5«C ' Brennus iJudjte) ....;: '. .. ...U;i
371«i. 'Puss In Boota (Josephs) loi
»It. McGregor IKBurns & Waterhquae.il 15
J130O Dora I < Inzalls) .".... 1 10
S6GG 'Ruttlc : Girl (Fitzgerald) 1C5
566tt Amasa (Rowley) .*.'....". ..'....112.
5730 *Hellas (Creely).... ...... .V".......lOS
5714 *Anu»runa (McGulre) ;. . ..101"
57HI Waterpowar iStoveri 115
5718 Modder (Buckholz) ..112
' 56C8 *CouBtn Carrie (Burger) ......'. . ; .-. . ..105
Fourth race — Sis- furlongs; three-year-o!d»
and up; handicap: . . ¦•
6643 Sad Sam- (Green) . . ........... \\l
5C81 Rockaway, (Burns & Waterhouse) ....104
j 5705 Hagerdon (Frank) " .".'. .V. :. .......110
5537 Gold Money (Jennings) v. ......110
Sfiftl Fr.ssil (Thwaltes &. Parker), ...'.... ...Ill*
5705 Claude (Daly) ....112
: Fifth • race— One and an eighth miles; four
year-olds and up;. selling:
NOTES OF THE TRACK.
It only goes to show how the smart
est, of people can be fooled. A jockey
by name, Hildebrand, advises Royalty.
The latter steals "away, and when 'too
late the favorite. Frank Woods, dis
covers the treachery. Captain Collier,
the old sleuth, could not save the day
then, for Royalty has been recognized
as the winner by the judges, and the
timers display 2:06^4 for the one and a
quarter miles.
Position, with a bowed tendon: Mar
lin and the rest of the supporting com
pany then gather around the winner
and the curtain falls with all joining
in the chorus of "In the past we played
thee, but thou fooled us."
Other things that happened were the
victories of four favorites, quite a dif
ferent etory to relate 'from the day
before. The attendance was large again
and the bettins brisk.
Myrtle H too-k the opening seven
furlong run at odds of 10 to 1. She
was.well ridden by Oliphant, and catch
ing Tonopah in the promenade home
won by nearly a length. Penance was
third, at 15 to 1.
Those who wasrered on the chances
of Military Man, favorite for the three
year-old number, felt nervous for a
time, but eventually recovered their
self-composure. Garnet Ferguson's colt
was hust!ed too much tne first part of
it and began running backward. He
got into his stride when ti.o stretch
was reached and in a drive beat Young 1
Pepper a head. Hugh McGowan was
third.
GLEXAUVOX NEARLY LANDS.
Colonel "Butch" Fisher's Glenarvon
was the real thln£ for the seven-furlong
number next decided, and just missed
landing by a nose. Tommy Burns had
the leg up and quickly showed first.
Larsen rode the favorite. Velma Clark,
and after a series of mishaps, got up
in time to get a nose decision. El Pi
loto finished third, a neck before the
100 to 1 shot Homily.
"Peanuts" Hilderbrand rode a first
rate race an Heather Honey, favorite
for the mile selling fixture. He rated
the little niare along well, and taking
the rail position in the stretch beat
out Romanie a length. The latter was
a 20 to 1 shot. Rosarie finished in the
show.
Nothing could stop the "Seattle In
terurban Flier" Ulctma. The little
mare, startins a mild favorite, led
from start to finish in the futurity
sprint following. She was tiring slight
ly at the end, though lasting Ions
enough to down Bard Burn3 half a
length. Show honors went to Pure
Dale.
THE PLOT THICKENS.
Had it not been for the production of
the charming comedietta entitled "How
Royalty Was Received" the Sport at
Oakland yesterday would have been as
devoid of incident as was Adam of silk
underwear on his Wedding tour.
It was produced as an afterpiece with
all the gorgeous stage trappings" of
Parsifal, the scenic effects being by
William Fieldwick; the musical score
by the track band, the situation by
Harry Green of Spokane; the training
by E. Getchell, while the bookmakers
furnished the coin.
The plot was somewhat new, inas
much as the vlllian triumphs over the
people's choice, and then a sympathetic
audience restrains its temper while the
conqueror is declared Innocent by the
judges and returns to his barn fol
lowed by a motley gathering of stable
boys, trainers, touts and ill-dressed
hangers-on of the turf.
Whfle the villagers are placing their
coin that \Frank Woods will be elected.
Royalty, supposed to, have been dead
for several weeks, suddenly returns
from his self-impcfsed exile. He has
quite a following, who eagerly snap up
the 7 and 8 to 1 that the resurrected one
wlllnot make good.
A bountiful luncheon provided by
that most generous patron of field'
trials W. S. Tevis was then enjoyed,
after which preparations were made to
run the second series. A drive was
made to new 'grounds, where C. E.
Worden's English setter dog Harry H,
handled by Coutts. and the same own
ers Jay M. handled by Lucas, were
cast off. They ran forty minutes with
out finding game. Harry H again
proved himself a class dog and ranged
out wide and at great speed, working
long casts to cover. Jay M did not
phow well in comparison with his
brace-mate, although his style, pace
and range were good. The next brace
called were J. E. Terry's English set
ter dog Kilgarif. handled by Coutts,
and W. \V. Van Arsdale's English set
ter dog McCIoud Boy, handled by
Babcock. A bevy had been flushed
from brush alonjr a ditch and after
ranging out well into open territory the
degs were s\vung # back to the birds.
Both dogs commenced making game
and Kilgarif roaded down a draw, do-
As she moved up a trifle at the order
of her handler the bird flushed, she
being steady in every way. This was
her only opportunity on but the
showing made was a sensational one
and stamped her e.s one of the best set
ters in America.
NEW GROUNDS ARE SOUGHT.
BAKERSFIELD, Jan. 14.— The second
day of the all-age stake proved to be
the most satisfactory of the field trials
meeting, both in regard to point work
and in the class shown by the com
petitors. Owing to the presence of a
heavy land fog which hung over this
section during, the morning hours the
first brace of the day was not put down
untU 11. o'clock.
J. W. Consldine's English setter
Count's Peg, handled by Lucas, and
Stockdale Kennels' pointer dog Cuba
Jr., handled by Dodge, were the dogs
drawn to run and were cast off along
a slough bed skirting a large open field.
A bevy was soon flushed by the spec
tators and some of the birds scattered
in low cover, where Cuba Jr. scored a
good point. In a clump of high weeds
he pointed again and a number of birds
were flushed ahead of him. Both dogs
showed good speed, but the setter out
ranged Cuba Jr. She failed, however,
to establish a point during the heat.
J. E. Terry's English setter, Lady,
ran the sensational race of the all-age
stake. Cast off in an open field she
ranged out in splendid style, going at
a fast clip and never letting up in pace
for a moment during the heat, which
was the best of th^ day. After making
a series of long casts, during which she
hunted out every foot of ground and
moving back before her handler she
stopped to a beautiful point on a single
bird.
BY C. W. HIBBAKD.
ingr a clever piece of work on part of
the bevy, which was running ahead.
The birds finally flushed wild ahead o'f
him, after which he made a point on a
single, which flushed a moment after
he established the point. The dogs were
now taken across the track, when Kil
garif stopped, to a point. He .then ran
over a bird and stopped to a point
on two birds which remained. McCIoud
established a point on a br»re knoll and
a bird could be seen running from him
and finally flushed about twenty-five
yards ahead. Kilgarlf established two
more good points and showed that he
possessed a wonderfully good nose and
ability to handle his bird in an exceed
ingly clever manner.
W. TV. Van Arsdale's English setter
dog Bell Boy, handled by Babcock, and
Stockdale Kennels' pointer Midget, han
dled by Carlyle, were cast off in the
same field and ran twenty minutes.
Bell Boy showed best in speed and
range and both were quike stylish in
their way of going. Midget soon es
tablished a stanch point along the rail
road track . and was steady to- shdt.
She then made several false points.
Bell Boy also made a point from which
no bird could be raised.
CUBA JR. AND LADY *. COMPETE.
The last heat of the day was between
J. E. Terry's Lady and Stockdaje
Kennels' Cuba Jr.^ This proved a high
class competition. Both dogs were suf
fering somewhat from Injuries to 'their
feet, but started fast. Lady was the
widest ranger and made long casts, one
of them being almost a half mile ahead.
She then cast into likely territory and
proved herself a bird finder by locating
a large bevy, which she roaded in
clever style. As the birds ran ahead
Cuba Jr. also worked on the scent of
the birds. Finally she started out in a
beautiful style and a few moments later,
as she cautiously moved forward, the
birds commenced to run again. The
quail finally took flight and quite a
number scattered out in sage and alkaU
weeds. On these Lady was first to
point and Cuba backed in fine style.
She next pointed a bird which ran and
Cuba, which was backing, caught scent
of it and pointed stanchly and was
steady to shot. Cuba then wheeled to
a snappy point and Lady backed in fine
style. He followed thi3 with another
point, which ended the work for the
day.
Considering the conditions under
which the dogs are running some re
markably clever work" 1 has been done
and the class 6f the stakes taken as a
whole is high. Judge Hall has ordered
out five dogs to compete to-morrow if
it is found necessary to run them after
the Lady and Kllgarif heat, which has
been scheduled for to-morrow morning.
Unless a great reversal of 'orm is shown
to-morrow Lady will undoubtedly be
placed first in the stake and Kilgarif
second, with possibly a division of third
place.
FINISH HEADS APART
0An,AITD RACETRACK—THURSDAY, Jan. 14.— Weather hazy. Track fast.
5726. FIRST RACE-Seven furlongs; selling": 4-yearotda and tip; value to first. *325.
Indezj Home and Owner. wTitTTi . *»• %• Str. Fin. [ JoC^y 1 _!__£_ ? ;_Sll
5«42 (Myrtle H. (V (MrT" Hertiell). 00 5 3 h 2 1H2 3 1 n 1 *i OUphant • - % X %
5702 (Tonopah. 6 (SchlfO 101 1 4n 1 H 1 3 2 142 4 )3. T. Shehn • |
»5™ Penance. 4 (J. T. McCarthy).. 91 7 « * » n 51 3 H ? Ifaj*""* ...... ™ »
*i* 2 £° nator - » (G Mulholh»nd)..L102! » 9 3 9 4 3 h 4 n «¦%.» Martin... •* *
5.04 Candidate. 5 (H. E. Rowel!).. 90 fl 7 1 3 1^4 n 5 3 8 5 La^en •••• * »
UK Maud Mullw. 4 (Xlr». Miller). 91 3 5 h « 1 6^74 « 4 Bowman ... W 1W>
"I« Z & ™?- * < w - P- Magranoi. 101 1 -J In 7 1 I M «i | 2% P 11 *,?^ I 7
55i2 T. Klngsley. a (Winter & Co.l'lOl lOlO^Sn »2 82 8n II>. Jackson. • •
BKO Honey«uckle. 4 (Frisco Stablen 09 4 8 n 11 10 5 » 2 9 3 !W Dugan. . 13 *»
6606 [Capable. 4 (Moaler *; Co,). . -|1(XI 11 11 10 4 S IJIO 131© 25 Ball * .
5423 ;F. w; Brode. * (P. G. Unti.liw a 2 »; 4 «411 11 11 iHaaclc » •
Tlm^-- 2i . =*S^. l:14«4. 1:27?;. At poat 10 minutes. Off at 2:27. Myrtlo place. 4;
chow. 2. 1'onopah. place 2: show 6-5 Penance, show. 3. Winner, en. m. t>r
Nephew-Lulu. Trained by G March ' Scratched— Katie Walcott. Start Rood. *on la
a drive of three. AVinner best ridden. Tonopah stock is plcklna; up. Corn Beef ana
Cabbage Trust had a corner on Penance Awar better Donator might nav» obtained a
Job. To the hay with Maud Muller. Tarntn wu fancied. Capable received no ride.
F. W. Brode reduced the paddock to a klndllne wood pile and then ran away wUtt
,- > .- w -,,
5727. SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; purse; 3-year-olds: value to flrat. |323.
Indexl Horse and Owner. |Wt St. U. H' %• S' r - Fln ' I Jockey. Op. Cl.
66S1 Military Man (T. Ferguson).. 115 1 ... 4 % 82 6 3 1 h Haack 1 «•*
5«U Young Pepper (F. O'Rourke). \0f>\ 2 .... U 12 12 22 HUdebrand S 1*
Pfiflt Hugh McGowan (Rowell) 109 5 ... Rn 4h 5n 52 I-arsen 1<> 1?
; 4374 Wacredus <W. B. Jennings).,. 1W :t ... 2 n 3 «* 3 }4 4 *i |J. Martin... 11-3 8-S
T.6»4 Otto Stlfel (B. Schrelber) [ US 7 ... « lt(,5 2 2n S4 IBurna « 1«
(KCSOiCelebrant t Hamilton Stable), j 115 ' 4 ... .-,•/•_> n 4 n *i n :.r Daly ... 10 SO
5S«1 iLmntfannnn (Knebeikamp) 1041 ?> ... 7 k 7 3 7tj 78 [McBride ,.| !"> 1S<»
IMorello R (Oraffort & Co.)..|10O! 3 ... 8 8 8 '8 . |T. Butler.. 1 &A 2' t>
Time— :24. :4<». I:l3»i. At post 2*; minutes. Off at 2:51% Man. place. 2-3: show. 1-4.
Pepper, place. 4: show. 7-5. McGowan. show. 8-5 Winner ch. c. by St. George-Fan
Fare. Trained by T. G. Ferguson. Start Kood. Won In a drive of three. Haack
made too much early use of Military Man. The favorite looked all shot to piece* at th«
first volley, but blazed his way through In As stretch. Pepper was hot stuff and
, j Just mitred. Hugh McGowan ran a nice race. So did Sacredus. Celebrant can beat
cheaper ones.
6728. THIRD RACE— Seven fnrlongs; selling; 4-year-old3 and up; value to flr«t. $325.
Index) . Horse and Owner. iWtjSt. Vi . %T %• Str. Fin. | Jockey. OpI Cl".
5704 Velma Clark. 6 (McAlester). 1102; 5 4%3n 3n 4 1 ns Larsen 5-2 13-5
M24 Glenarvon. 4 (\V. Fisher) 100; 1 1 1 1 ltil 1*41 l'i!! Burns 3 5
M26 El Plloto. 6 <H. XV. Hoag)..;104| 6 5^4 h « >,'.', \ :: n HiWebrand 5-2 13-S
6372 Homily. 4 <C. T. Henshall). J101 2 3n 5n 7n i 2U4 1 |J. Jones 10O 10O
5671 Chickadee. 5 (McCafferty). ..i 99) 4 2 % 2 h 2 » 4 2 n 5 2 1 4 ! J T. Shehn 10 7
54:« Ulloa. a (Mrs. C. A. Owen9)|t08 8 8 8 3 n 3 h « n "|Bell 10 IX
560O Our Pride. 5 (Howe Stable). .[104| 3 7 Vi 7 2 4 *, « 1 7 h iOllphant ... 29 30
Seoo^lOpUmo^Ji (D.F. Blakeman).;lC4|_7_JI \ 6 n s 8 8 |Foley | « 10
Time — ::21>H. :4")ii. 1:15. 1:27^4. At post M minute. Off at 3:12»4 Clark place. 4-5;
•show, 2-5. Glenarvon. place. 2; show. 1. Plloto show 1-2. Winner ch. m by Klsmet-
Tulsa. Trained by E. J. Ramsey. Scratched— Mr. Dingle. Tom Slavin GllMando. Vlrgla
d Or. Start good. "Won In a drive of four. Winner pounds the best. Next to last on
the far turn, she was cut off at head of the stretch. A furlong from home Larsen
got through and she nailed the tiring Glenarvon. Piloto did fairly well. Homily will
do soon. So will Chickadee. Our Pride had speed.
S72t>. FOURTH RACE— One mile; gelling; 4- year-olds and up ; value to first. $.125.
Intlex^ Horse and Owner. jWt|8t. U. %. Str. Fin. j Jockey, j OpT cT.
5C59 |Heather Honey. 4 (Leach Co.)! 9oj 1 4 »i 4 % 3 1^1 2 11 iHUdebrand 2 8~5
5C44 (Romaine. 4 (Murray & Co.)..| 09110 6^6 145 n 4 n 2 »>i Wrlaht 12 2f>
5682 Rosarle. 5 (C. W. Chapcelle)llO7; 8 9 2 8 1 8 2 5 2 3 2* Bell 6 1
6445 Polor.ius. 4 (Stewart & Co.)..| 90| 6 8 V, » 2 5 »j « i, 4 2 I r^arse'n" in *»O
5«nri [Silurian. 6 (Lamasney Dros.).ll07| 4 S 1145 1 6 2 8 1 5 n lOllDhant 8 lrt
5&S.S IHIpponax. a (P. G. Lane) |lO9! 5 3 2W1 3 4 n :t <i ti U |Rurn« T-» rt
56JV5 iPlerce J. 5 (D. F. Blakeman)tlO7|ll 11 11 11 » •><. 7 1 jFolev " S 1
5t»5 Kitty Kelly, a fStanfleld) 1102! 2 2 *i 1 h 2 «; 2 1 S I !Kuns » 7
tKeynote. 5 (J. A. Kyle) '1101 7 H) 4 10 «ilO n 11 9 2 IWonderiy"" 10 25
5B71 IMcGrath. Prince, a (Reagan)i 97| 9 7 1 7 1 7 »iio 2 H> »i Greenfield "O 30
< 5702)1 First Chip. 4 (T. Fitzgerald) 1 1071 3 1 h 2 1VJ1 n 7 lHaack . . .'. 6 9
Time— :25. :49. 1:14%; 1:40. At post 3 minutes. Off at 3:.Ti> Honey place 3-5- -how 1 ':
Romair.e. place. 8; show. 4. Rosarie, show. 2. Winner br. m. by O»!d Fel!ow<Annl«
Clark. Trained by A. Leach. Scratched — Antolee. Start poor Won easily Next two
driving hard. Away well, winner ran as if sore, her stride being very chorov Hiid»
brand handled her well, saving all the ground possible. Rosarie ran her race Polonlus
did well. Too fast for Hlpponax. Pierce J away badly Kitty Kelly ouit F1r«t rhm
. J nt f1 f *: r f: d - 1 . _ t j'- o "*f t l * t ri t i n . -^ Jl'F.P?!!"- whIch h °rse bears in. !
B7SO. FIFTH RACE— Futurity course; selling; 3-year-o!ds and up; value to first. $323.
In'dexl Horse and Owner. jWt'St. V A . H^ ?« . Str. Fin. | Jockey! j op. c7!
(5Cfi«)!rictma. 5 (W. S. Kobb).. jlOO|~l ~. 1 lijt l i n 1 u (Larsen i '•*
(oeiS)lHard Hums. B IS. Judge) !11O; 2 ... 5 4 5n 3U2? is#e K t> «
(5C90)!Purc Dale. 4 (Tnomaa A Co-VjlOii 4 3 »j 2 H 2 *H3 n Hlldebranci* 4 u *'
(5h7S) I Ethel Abbctt. 3 (Miller) 00,8 ... «2 «8 4 1M 5 iKuns 11 ? iS"5
5CCS (Lurene. 5 <W. U. chard). • mat 3 ... 4 »; 4 1 » 5 5 U \ t . Jackson ' « i-i
5704 iHella;-. 4 (J. Creely) J107I <7 ... 7 2 7 Vi 7 4 « 2 Bell I A £
KfOi iSkip Me. 0 (Madison & Co.)..ltliO| 5 ... 2 n 3 h 5 > 7 4 |J T*ShVhn 10
57C^ jllr. Ph'.nizy. a <Blakeman>. I1(W! « ... 8 8 h 8 j Haack . ? . . j 15
Time— :2». :4S. 1:10%. At post 3 minutes. Off at 4:02. "rictnaa place 6-3- «how 1 BL
Burns, place. S-5; show. 7-10. Dale. show. 3-5. Winner b. m by Salvador- Liffh'tninr
Trained by E. Harmon. Sera tched-Prue wood. Pickaway Puss In Boot * RJniir Sl-^
good for all but Ethel Abbott. Won ridden out. N'ext tw,-, driving hard w'tlf fn
terurban flyer again on time. She is fast and Juet lasted. Bard Bunn well rl^.i.n , n...I
ridden. Skip Me quf"'
,-J7."51. SIXTH RACE— One and a quarter miles; selling; 4-ytar-olds and up; to first $323
Index! Horse and Owner. |\Vt!St. \\. ?4. Str. Fin. J Jockey, j Op cT
.V47 IRoyalty. 5 (H. Green) 1041 4 1 h 2 2 1 *4 1 |uj lii Hlldebrairt k *
(5707 iF. Wood, a (Garden City S.)i 1021 2 4 n 4 \ 3 £ 3 1^2 1 | Larsen * 5 .1
C62:i ! Position, a. IC. A. Durfee). . .!107 7 7 65 5 1 4 n .{ n Burn- """ S'2 «"J
6707 iMarltn. 4 tBender A Co. >....! 85! :: H 1 ll 2 3 2 2 4 3 Ollnhan'r 2 5 ' 2
.WS2 iEda Rlley. a .McCafferty). .. -11021 18 17 7 .-. .1 5 s J X Sheh^ I *
5503 !Pearch«r. C (Partington) ilO2« 5 1 3462 «2 «S i Henderron t a* 13 i"
5704 IE1 Orien-e. 6 ( W. J. Spiers). .1107' ."» 2 1 3 4 4 n 7 7 I Bell "f *£ 5ft
Time— :25. :50. l:14*i. 1:40-%. 2:06ti. At post 1 minute. Off at 4 23 n ov . )tv ; T^"
show. 6-5. Woods, place. 3-5; show. out. Position show •>*¦ J £2 a ' ty - P' ac «. 5-2;
Cavaller-Emprfss of Norfolk Trained by E. Getcheil. Start good S «.u *„. by
three driving .This was probably the same Royalty that ran previous tim. ~* y - ? w ' :tt
a different package. Frank Woods ran him race. Position brokedown.Cl ""'Z in
home. Marlin ran bett?r with blinkers. Eda Rlley a disappointment rurl ong from
They Are to Meet in Woodward's
Pavilion Karl y in the Month
of March. Grnney to Keferee
Public Has Sallie Goodwin as
a Good Thing in the Last
Event and the Mare AViiiSv
Four Favorites Finish First at Oakland— Military Man Gives His
Backers a Scare— -Glenarvon Is Downed a Nose by Velma Clark.
Heather Honey Scores— Ulctma Earns Another Pair of Brackets
Proves Sensation of the All-Age • Stake in
the Field Trials and Is Pronounced One
of the Best of Her Type in Ail America
BOIERS AGREE
TO CONDITIONS
BOOKIES LOSE
AT ASCOT PARK
TERRY'S SETTER "LADY"
IS A GREAT PERFORMER
ROYALTY SHOWS A RETURN TO FORM,
WINNING CLEVERLY IN FAST TIME
YOUNG CORBETT AND BRITT SIGN TO FIGHT BEFORE THE HAYES VALLEY CLUB
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, FRIDAY; JANUARY 15. 1904.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
10
ADVERTISEMENTS.
i I ¦¦ ¦¦ . 3 s Ct
I l ra m n - *—
! "a •" raaJlsffsa 2 >«x< CQ
j- 1 I .e IZ CO
Egg { JSPI**^^ C
ADVERTISEMENTS. , ' >
jdSgto^i Expect
SirSSv _ — uil-.»1 ** ?'** corn* tr>
mSSiff. / jf£* »t? "^ for treatment
Krvofr' Vf »*P«ct to b« cured.
w*?«R ' i. *' others hav*
¦\." »& '' JftSL' failed, expect me t»
V*^*t/'t_ii53R2 curft srou - t'nress I
G&.?S*v*/_Jl know that I can
» -i&lxVtjSr rur * you I -*V.\ not
J ~ rx j¥it& accept your o**».
y< j- J Vt • and in tn-
S A I A >v stance I treat by
/ rv / yi\ Y* orl * lnilI » advanced
/ \^**$0 \ V an<1 "ctentiac meth-
O. C. Joslea. M. »• Hetl Onlv
The Lrafilnj specialist. * lWH-V/lIIJ
My oractlce. is the larxest because I In-
variably fulfill my promises.
Z offer yon pexmaaeat cam fox fair
fees.
My experience. as a «Beclallst to men's
diseases Is of a sixteen-yrar quality. I
treat and cure "WEAKNESS. 1 " VAKICO-
CELE. HYDROCELE. CONTRACTED
DISORDERS. SPECIFIC BLOOD POISON
STRICTURE. PILES. ETC.
Consultation and Instructive pamphlet
'free ct of flee cr by mall. ¦ v -"
DR. O. C. JOSLEN
Cor. Market and Xearnjr. st».
w ;Prir»t« 3Batr*ac«. 703 Market St. .'
r"I don't like all this notoriety." said
he, "but the truth Is there Is an es
trangement between my wife and my
self and if she comes to this city I
will get out, as I did from Phoenix.
She is insanely jealous of my mar
ried daughter by my first wife. My
daughter is living: In Honolulu, and I
suppose that my wife thought that I
might leave- here for the islands. I
have" no such intentions, however. I
came to San Francisco because I had
business matters to attend to here.
Mrs. Colburn and I cannot get alon£
together and I thought it best that I
should keep away from her as much
as possible. If she moves this way I
shall move elsewhere. It is my inten
tion to return to Los Angeles, but not
for several days."
Mrs. Colburn caused considerable ex
citement in Phoenix when she an
nounced the disappearance of her hus
band, who had preceded her there on
business. Sympathy for the woman
prompted the police and the railroad
officials to institute a search for Col
burn. They traced him as far as this
city and then .the wife took up the
hunt.
Colburn's name was found on the
rr gister of the Occidental Hotel, where
he arrived two nights ago. and a few
minutes later the badly wanted guest
put in appearance. "When informed by
the officers detailed to locate him that
his wife was making a search for him,
he showed no deep concern over her
anxiety and replied that there had been
no particular mystery attending his de
parture from Phoenix otner than that
he had hurriedly left that town for the
purpose of avoiding Mrs. Colburn.
Charles P. Colburn. a prominent min
ing man of Los Angeles, .r.-ho. according
to a recent dispatch from Phoenix,
dropped out of sight in that city shortly
after his wife had arrived there from
.California, is In this city, staying at
the Occidental Hotel. Yesterday the
local police received a letter from Col
burn's wife, who is now in Los Ange
les, asking them to make a search for
her husband. She inclosed a photo
graph of Colburn and requested that
a careful watch be kept on the steamers
leaving for Honolulu, for which place,
she wrote, he might embark.
Declares His Peace and Com
fort Are Disturbed by His
Spouse's Intense Jealousy
FOUND AT OCCIDENTAL
Charles Colburn, Who Recent
ly Disappeared in Phoenix,
Says He Fled From Wife
MISSING MAN
LOCATED HERE
First-class ticket* between San Francisco and
Los Angeles, either ; direction, including ' stop
and -two • days' entertainment ' Rt famous Hotel
del Mcnte., $22: children. . $14 60. Privilege of
30 days' stopover.; Driving, riding, automobll
tnff,' golfing, bathing, boating, flshtng. Scenery
beautiful and grand. -Inquire of Southern Pa
cific ticket acents. WBSBbMBHBB9M3R2M
Special ;Del Monte Kato.
Auditor Harry Baehr / yesterday
audited a demand for $1122 52 in fa
vor of Wells, Fargo & Co. for the ship
ment of $1,406,722 to the State treas
ury in Sacramento by Treasurer Mc-
Dougald.-
Costs Something to Ship Money.
The Election Commission met yes
terday and made preliminary arrange
ments for the primary election to be
held ; May 4 to elect delegates to the
various conventions. Registrars Ad
dams was directed to select the loca
tion of booths. The resignation of
Charles Pratt and C. _ Havens, clerks
In the main office, were accepted.
Election Commission Meets.
The records of the Manila custom
house show that 49. 34S Chinese ar
rived in the Philippine Islands during
the period of American occupancy,
from May 1, 1898, to June 30, 1903,
and. that 40.134 departed therefrom
during the same period. The total
number of immigrants of all nation
alities who arrived In the Philippines
during the fiscal year ending June 30,
1902. was 30,094; and for the fiscal
year ending June SO. 1903. the num
ber was 24,096. Of these immigrants
4 5 per cent were . Americans, 7 per
cent Europeans, and the remainder
"all others," chiefly Chinese.
Philippine Immigrants.
Post commander, J. H. Hilton; sen
ior vice commander, Henry P. Clapp:
junior vice commander, George M.
Hurlbut; quartermaster, A. E. Cohn;
surgeon, John Brockman; chaplain.
Lewis H. Edel; officer of the day, Wal
lace M. Parks; officer of the guard,
John Shay; adjutant, Henry Baize;
quartermaster sergeant, Sol Cahen;
sergeant major. Sig L. Simons.
The following were installed as of
ficers of James A. Garfleld Relief
Corps No. 21 for the present year:
President, Mrs. Frances Peters; senior
vice president, Mrs. Ada R. Duncan;
junior vice president, Mrs. Lizzie Phil
lips; chaplain, Mrs. Julia Strlne;
treasurer, Mrs. Hattie M. Hitchcock;
secretary, Mrs. Addle E. Carr-Wood;
patriotic instructor, Mrs. Anna L. Gll
lespie; press correspondent, Mrs. Ad
die L. Ballou; musician, Mrs. Leila
F. McDermott; color bearers, Mrs.
Jennie M. Walsh. Mrs. Callle S. Sher
wood, Mrs. Mary Martin, Mrs. Kate
M. Canavan; assistant conductor, Mrs.
Louise E. S. Drew; guard, Mrs. Lucy
Hunt. The Installing officer for the
corps was Ida May Carpenter, depart
ment treasurer. A. banquet was "serv
ed after the installation ceremonies.
Major John C. Burns, A. D. C, act
ing as officer of the guard, and Major
Stoner, A. J., as officer of the day, as
sisted General Edward S. Salomon in
the installation of the officers of
James A. Garfleld Post of the G. A. R.
in the prettily decorated post room in
the Alcazar building. The following
are the officers for the current term:
Post and Corps Officers.
• On November 30 the reduced rates to colo
l*ts expired. The result f or - the time these
nU*s were in force. September 15 to November
SO. is that 3!>,787 people were recorded as hav
ing taken advantage of same by one transconti
nental line only up to December 8, an average
of 430 r>er day. Reduced colonists' . rates will
be In force again during ' the rprlnir months.'
and many who have been unable to arrange
their affaire in the East to come to California
to settle will do so then. All Indications point
to a decided Increase In the number of colonists
destined for California in 1004. There seems to
be a concerted movement from certain sections
of the Middle West to certain localities In this
State which. Invite colony settlements. Many
of these people are coming here to engage in
dairying; and diversified farming:. In many
cases communities are sending representatives
in: advance to learn conditions and make ar
rangements for the balance of the party. It Is
found that by sotting forth the truths refrardln»
the State as the committee is doing In Its per
sonal correspondence and in its literature the
people who come. here are satisfied with what
they find and are the means of bringing many
more to California. • .';.•• •.
COL.OXIST RATES.
The committee has submitted a plan to all
the newspapers and periodicals of the State and
many of the prominent publications throughout
the United States for the formation of the Cali
fornia Publication Bureau, the object being to
publish throughout sections of California end
the Unlte-1 States reliable and Interesting mat
ter on California's resources In'Vartous sections
of thn State, and so through effective and gen
eral co-operation to create an enthusiasm which
shall extend widely. In the plan It Is provided
that each member shall republlsh a certain
number of articles which have been published
by other members. Thus the resources cf Jtf
lerent portion? of the State will bcooine gen
erally known In the State and throughout the
United States. .; v ; v ;-
The ngltatlon for new and better hotels
throughout the interior of the State to provide
lor the large Increase In the number of tour
ists Is having Its effect. Many new hotels are
going up and many are being projected. The
tourist in California .is worthy of speclal-atten
tlon, and It is gratifying to note that the people
of the StKte*generally have come to a realiza
tion of that fact. The State has unparalleled
natural attractions for the tourist and his mate
rial comforte must bo catered to as well. In
Ban Francisco, with the new hotels going up.
the city will be placed In a position unexcelled
In this respect.
The necessity for a coliseum In San Fran
cisco suttable for large conventions has been so
thoroughly demonstrated that local parties are
now Interf-stlng themselves In the matter, and
it will not be Ions before such a building will
be erected.
In the advertisements of the committee and
In Its correspondence the advantages In diver
sified farming ara being set forth. Call'ornia
needs settlers of the class who will take up
general farming. -•
BETTER HOTELS NEEDED.
The efforts of the committee to induce large
holders of land in California to subdivide li
meeting with encouragement. From advices re
ceived numbers of land holders have expressed
their willingness to sell off farms Of from flve
to . twenty-live acres each. The benefit to be
derived from this Is apparent and will be an
important factor In bringing the right kind of
people to the State. The, land owner realize*
that In bubdividing a portion of his property
In thi3 way he Increases the value of the prin
cipal holding and has available help to work In
the orchards and fields during the busy seasons
of the year. The benefit to the settler who
takes up such small tracts Is also great from
the fact that he is able to secure employment
for himself and family when It Is needed, bring
ing In a revenue that he would not enjoy un
der other conditions. -The Sacramento Valley
Development Association has taken up in earn
eet the matter of subdividing land in .the valley
and will be a valuable ally to this committee
In the movement.
The California Promotion Committee
yesterday approved of a plan promul
gated at a meeting of the Merchants'
Association for holding a world's fair
in San Francisco in 1915. In addition to
this action, the committee received a
report from Its executive officer, Rufus
P. Jennings. In the report the follow
ing statements were made:
Matters of General Interest
Relating to Settling.State Are
Discussed at Some Length
?
JENNINGS MAKES REPORT
Promotion Committee Votes
That Exposition in San Fran
cisco in 1915 Would Be Good
To-morrow brings Mrs. Frank P.
Deering's dinner, to which a dozen
guests have been bidden; Miss Gert
rude Palmer gives a tea in honor of
Mrs. Harry Macfarlane; Mrs. Austin
Sperry will give a j large tea in honor
of her daughter-in-law, Mrs. Austin
Sperry Jr., formerly the handsome Miss
Graeme of San Juan; Mrs: William
Lange will give a, luncheon to Mrs.
JohTj P. Young, at which twelve ladies
will be guests: Mrs. A. B. Dorhmann
will • give a tea ; Miss Elizabeth Liver
more will entertain. at an informal tea,
to which some dear men have been in
vited.
The marriage of Miss Sara E., Gard
ner and Chester A. Judah took ; place
very quietly yesterday at the home of
the bride on Greenwich street, only
relatives and two or. three intimate
friends, being present. The home was
decorated with a mass of beautiful
woodwardia ferns. After the /wedding
breakfast Mr. .and Mrs. Judah left for
Santa Barbara, where part of -.the
honeymoon will be spent. .... ,
The debutante, Miss Helen Bailey, re
ceived to-day in conjunction witn Mrs.
John F. Swift and Mrs. Norris. These
informal , days at home are a resume of
the old regime— and here's to it. It
uromlses a revival of the art of con
versation — which in smart society has
almost gasped its last. The "tea" is in
a measure responsible, for the vapid
nothings heard at that winter function
is all. one has time for. The 'tea is
passing, however— possibly through the
law -of the survival of the fittest — and
musicales, receptions, where one can
remain long enough to catch a breath,
and incidentally a thought, and quiet
informal "at homes" are the things to
come. And welcome!
A card party of rather large dimen
sions and of compensating pleasure
was given yesterday by Mrs. Julian
Thorne and Mrs. I. Walton Thome at
the home of the latter on Hyde street.
Forest greens were used effectively in
decoration, with dim lights gleaming
from the masses of foliage. The fol
lowing ladies took part in the seven
handed euchre, which proved to be a
game worth the name: Mrs. John
Sroufe Merrill, Mrs J. Shotwell, Mrs.
Henry Lund Jr., Mrs. E. Rodolph.^Mrs.
Mattie Griffiths, Mrs. Linda Bryan,
Mrs. Richard Sperry, Mrs. Harry Gra>,
Mrs. Frank Ames, Miss Etelka Williar,
Mrs. Frank Allen, Miss Ethel Cooley,
Mrs. E. Gregory, Miss Fay, Mrs. Fred
McWilliams, Mrs. W. Stauff, Mrs.
George Habenicht.f Mrs. Berghauser,
Miss Crowley, Miss Roden, Mrs. Fred
erick Youngberg, Mrs. Clarence Sloane,
Mrs. Ruby Pond, Mrs. Van Arsdale,
Miss Eva Maddern, Mrs. Burns Mc-
Donald. Mrs. Herbert Younger. Mrs.
Allen Checkering, Mrs. W. R. Cluness
Jr., Mrs. George- Flett, Mrs. Walton
Webb, Mrs. Percy Haslett, Mrs. Georgo
Siebe, Miss Edna Dickins, Mies Helen
Dicklns, Mrs. Hilda Baxter, Miss Helen
Spaldinff, Mrs. M. Rothschild, Mrs.
Chester Smijh, Mrs. Lester HerricK,
Miss Gwinette Henley, Mrs. John Ber
mingham and Miss Gertrude Bates. -
Mrs. Thomas Morffew will be at home
to-day informally.'
That was a luncheon of note given
yesterday by Mrs. Christian Reis and
the clever Miss Frances Harris. The
guest of honor was Mrs. Harry Mac
farlane, whose honor feasts have come
bo thick and fast as to suggest the cus
tomary bombardment of brides-to-be.
Eighteen covers were laid between
garlands of violets, fresh with dew and
the sweet smell of the soil; roses lent
their coloring and ferns their fresh
ness. Each guest was remembered
with a corsage bouquet of violets,
whose perfume filled the air.
" The following guests were invited to
meet Mrs. Macfarlane: Mrs. j» Henry
Macfarlane, Mrs. Henry Dutton, Mrs.
H. Alston Williams, Mrs. H. M. A.
Miller, Mrs. T. Danforth Boardman,
Mrs. James Bishop, -Mrs. John Sroufe
Merrill. Mrs. Ritchie Dunn, "Mrs. Har
vey Toy, Mrs. Rogers, Mrs. Garrett L.
Lansing, Mrs. Warren Runyon, Mrs.
Edward Pond, Mrs. Philip ' King
Brown, Mrs. Richmond Payne, Mrs.
Malcolm Henry, Mrs. Barrie DIetrick,
Mrs. Victor Lewis, Miss Frances
Harris.
Among those who are stockholders
in the new institution are Charles G.
Lathrop, Wellington Gregg Jr.. An
drew Griffin, Samuel B. Welch, W. W.
Haselhurst, Frank J. Quinn. A. L.
Gump, W. E. Merrills, L." H. Bone
stell, Albert Gallatin Jr., Cyrus S.
Wright, Dr. J. H. Seymour, Paul Sel
ler, E.-L. Hoag, E. C. Hughes, Judah
Boas, Edward Brown & Sons, James
L. Barker, John Fischer. Colonel \V.
R. Smedberg. G. R. A: Folte, H. T.
Lally, W. D. Scurlock, J. W. Richard
son, John Rush Baird, Professor W.
B. Rising. Ranke Bros., T. Patterson
Ross, R. E. Perry. M. D. Brown,
George S. Graham, John D. French,
"Wallace Everson and George Fred
ricks.
A new savings institution to be
known as the Mechanics' Savings
Bank is about to begin business in
this city. It will be located on the
southwest corner of Bush and Mont
gomery streets. Temporarily it .wiH
be at 503 California street. Hand
some quarters will be fitted up. The
business will be confined to loans on
San Francisco real estate. A meeting
of the stockholders was held yester
day at which the following were elect
ed directors: Henry T. Scott. George
F.' Lyon of Lyon & Hoag, George D.
Gray, George W. Kline, F. M. Green-
# wood, Charles C. Moore, W. F. Wil
'liamson, George M. Mitchell, F. W.
Dohrmann Jr., Marshall Hale and J.
O'B. Gunn. The capital stock is $250,
000, all of which is paid up. The
holders of stock number more than
250, who represent nearly all lines of
business. J. O'Brien Gunn wilL proba
bly be elected president, George F.
Lyon vice president, Frederick H.
Clark cashier and W. F. "Williamson
1 attorney.
Board of Officers for Institution
•Will Soon Be Selected to Trans
act Its Business.
INDORSES PLAN
TO HOLD FAIR
GAY LUNCHEON
GIVEN TO FAIR
ISLAND VISITOR
NEW MECHANICS' BANK
ELECTS ITS DIRECTORS
Any street car conductor will carry
you direct or transfer you to Pattosien's.
Sixteenth and Mission streets, where the
great ODDS AND ENDS SALE of Fur
niture, Carpets and Draperies is going
on. It is a grand opportunity to nil in
what Is needed at home at 40 and 60 per
cent less than ever before. ' •
Obliging Conductors.
Ethel Ross, who was recently de
clared by the Supreme Court to be
entitled to one-third of the estate of
her grandfather, John Ross, filed a
suit in partition yesterday against
Harriet Babson. The _ suit is to se
cure for the plaintiff -a one-third in
terest in property on Gough street,
near McAllister, which is part of the
Ross estate.
Ethel Ross Seeks Partition.
The parish of the Nativity is one of
the latest organizations in this city
and is composed of the Slavic, element
of San Francisco's population.
Within a few weeks the iadies of the
new parish of the Nativity will open
a bazaar to aid the building fund of
the Nativity Church, which is now in
course of construction. The fair will
be held in the church hall on Fell
street, between Franklin and Gough.
The work at the church has so far
progressed that it will be possible to
use the building for that purpose.
Quietly and unostentatiously, yet ear
nestly, have the preparations for the
fair been going on during the last few
months, and it may be said to the
credit of the ladies who work' for the
different booths, that they too, can be
"strenuous" In the full sense of the
term. ; '- .
Bazaar to Be Held to Help Erect
Home for the 'Church of
the Nativity.
LADIES ARE WORKING TO
AID BUILDING FUND
Shoes 25c.
Saturday, all <i«y. we ofT^r 2000 pair* chil
dren's rhomi Par 25c a pair: also the famous
Pcuglas ehor-5 on sale at 25 jx»r cent reduction;
.(3 shoes for 12 25 a pair: ** ehota for J:t a pair.
iiury Uc* Bhoe Company, 1C29 Market et. •.
The trial of Mrs. Martha E. Bowers,
charged with the murder of her hus
band, Martin L. Bowers, is drawing to
a close before a jury In Judge Cook's
court. Several witnesses were exam
ined yesterday and the prosecution in
timated its case would be finished this
morning.
The most important witness yester
day was Mrs. D. D. McCallum. who
had not previously testified. She said
she came from Portland in the latter
part of last May, and shortly after
ward she met the defendant in Mrs.
Follis' saloon on Fifth street. The de
fendant said she was expecting Pat
(meaning Patrick Lervy), and he soon
made his appearance. From the sa
loon they went to Mrs. Bowers' house,
and Lervy went out for beer. One
evening shortly after that, just before
Bowers' sickness, she called upon the
defendant and Lervy came in. The
defendant sat on his knee, put her
arms around his neck and kissed him.
She did that several times during the
evening.
BOWERS WAS ANGERED.
Bowers came home about 9 o'clock
and seemed to be very angry at find
ing Lervy there. The defendant said
to witness, "Introduce your friend,"
but she could not do so, as she only
knew him as Pat. Lervy came to her
assistance by giving his - name, and
Bowers replied, "Yes, I have heard of
you before." Bowers walked backward
and forward in an angry manner and
witness said she would go home. Lervy
said he would go with her, and they
left. A few days later witness met
the defendant and Lervy on Folsom
street, and witness said she had seen
Bowers on Fifth street, which so
alarmed the defendant that witness
told her she was Joking.
DRAWS MONEY FROM BANK.
William Meyers and Mrs. Margaret
Follis, who have saloons in the neigh
borhood of the defendant's residence,
testified that the defendant and Leryy
had frequented their places together.
Robert P. Kavanaugh testified to the
defendant having drawn from the Hi
bernia Bank $2608 on the day after
her husband's death. It was on de
posit In their joint names.
Harry E. Bowers, brother-in-law of
the defendant, corroborated the testi
mony of his wife as to his brother's
condition from Ausust 16; when* they
were sent for, till his death on. August
25. He denied that he gave his brother
any medicine, except once at the re
quest of the defendant^
Detective T. L. Ryan testified as to
arresting the defendant, and Detective
T. J. Coleman, Dr. C. L.. Morgan, Dr.
Carl W. von.Tiedemann and Mrs. Sadie
Bowers were recalled. Dr. Morgan said
he had found four/ distinct marks of
arsenic on an old skirt which had bfeen
worn by the defendant, and Mrs. Sadie
Bowers Baid that both the defendant
"and her sister, Mrs. Sutton, had ordered
the cloth for their mourning dresses
before Bowers' death.
J. H. Goldman, Governor of the
province of Bataan, arrived on the
Transport Sheridan from the Philip
pines yesterday and is staying at the
Occidental. He is home on a leave of
absence but does not expect to return
to the islands. The Governor went to
the Philippines as a captain in the
Thirty-Second Regiment of Volunteers
and was later -appointed Governor of
the province, a position to which he
was re-elected after a term of two
years. His present term expires in
March, but owing to ill health it is
his intention to remain in this country.
Governor Goldman hails from Mis
souri and is a lawyer. He declares
that there is little prospect of further
troubles in the Philippines, but is of
the opinion that it will take many
years to establish a modern form of
government among that Oriental race,
who, he declares are unable to govern
themselves.
I>eclares He Is Done With the Philip
pines and Will Return to His
Home in Missouri.
GOVERNOR OF B ATA AX
IS HERE OX A LEAVE
•In connection with the new year
celebrated at the cathedral yesterday
it was remarked by one of the priests
that the Russian Gov nment has for
several years contemplated a change in
the Russian church calendar in order to
celebrate the new year Simultaneously
with Western Europe. The committee's
decision in the matter is anticipated
with great interest by members of the
Russian church.
Father Pashkovsky preached the ser
mon, in which he directed ihe congre
gation as to the manner in which a
Christian should utilize time and think
more of things which are worthy and
lasting.
There Is a good deal of r ctivity with
in the ministerial circle of the cathe
dral in .' nticipation of the return to San
Francisco of Bishop Tikhon, who is now
on his way back to America from St.
Petersburg. He Is expected in New
.York about January 20. Accompanying
Bishop Tikhon will be Bishop Innocent,
who was recently consecrated in St.
Petersburg for the diocese of Alaska.
It is also probable ..hat a new secre
tary will accompany Bishop Tikhon to
Fan Francisco to fill the position ren
dered vacant by the death of the Bish
op's brother, M. Bellavin.
At the Greek-Russian Cathedral, the
new year, according to the calendar
of the Russian church, was celebrated
with profound religious exercises yes
terday m<rning. The service was one
usually performed on feast days and
was attended by a large congregation.
The church was profusely adorned with
evergreens and the altar was one blaze
of light.
The Rev. Peter Popoff conducted the
service, assisted by the . ev. Elii— Ja
rosh and acolytes chosen from among
the children attending the Sunday
school.
Czar's Advisers Contemplate
a Uniform Observance of One
of the Universal Holidays
Prosecution W T ill Close Its
Case This Morning' and the
Defense Will Be Presented
HER EVIDENCE IS NEW
MAY CHANGE CALENDAR
. Celebrates by Attending- His
. . Church, Where Festal Service
and Ceremonials Take Place
Mrs. D. D. McCallum Testifies
at the Trial of Mrs. Martha
E. Bowers on -Murder Charge
WITNESS TELLS
OF LOVE SIGNS
RUSSIAN KEEPS
HIS NEW YEAR
Even in the face of numerous letters
offered in evidence, which were ex
changed between Mrs. Hart and her
sister a short time prior to the latter' s
death. Hart reiterated his statement
that Miss Clark was, in his opinion,
of unsound mind. The letters from 'Mrs.
Hart to the deceased were in relation
to an exchange or sale of the property
owned by Miss Clark at Tenth and
Market streets, and In no one of the
answers written by Miss Clark was
there anything that could be construed
into a display of weak mentality. On
the contrary they were all very short
and read like letters written by a clever
business woman.
Further evidence in the case will be
taken Monday next.
Jerome A. Hart, brother-in-law cf
Isabella Clark, whose will is the sub
ject of a contest brought by Ann Car
ter and Alice Hart, her sisters, was
cross-examined yesterday by Attorney
W. S. Goodfellow. attorney for Grace
E. Strohn, beneficiary under Miss
Clark's will. Hart stuck to his state
ment that he did not consider Miss
Clark mentally sound at the time the
will was made and for several months
prior thereto.
Mentally Weak — Letters Intro
duced in Evidence.
Says He Has Xo Doubt That She Was
JERO31E IIART REITERATES
OPI.VIOX OF 31ISS CLARK
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, -FRIDAY, JANUARY 15, 1904.
Serves Writ of Attachment.
An 'attachment for 1651 was served
on Allison. NenT & Co. yesterday by
Sheriff Curtis at the instance of
Rauer's Collection Company.
11
The Official Views, of the
Louisiana Purchase Exposition
to be held at St. Louis will >bo
issued as supplements to' The
Su mlu y Call beginning with the
issue of Sunday, January 31st.
Agents and newsdealers will "do
well to order early, as there will
be a great demand for these
beautiful views. -
ST. LOUIS ;
WORLD'S FAIR VIEWS
IN BEAUTIFUL COLORS
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
MISCALLED "HAI3 TONICS."
Most XCalx Preparation* Ara Merely
Scalp Irritants, of STo Tain*. '
Most hair, preparations are merely
scalp irritants, miscalled hair tonics.
WTien hair Is brittle, lusterless and be-
gins to fall out. the dandruff germ Is
gettin? in 't* deadly work at the root,
sapping the vitality. Since science dis-
covered that dandruff Is a germ disease
there hag been only one preparation put
on the market that will actually destroy
the dandruff f enn. and thaF is Xewbro's
Herplciae. It quickly reduces scalp
fever, destroys the germ: and the fall-
ing hair stops, and hair grows luxuriant-
ly. Ask your druggist for Herpictde. It
allays itching instantly and permits the
hair to grow. Sold by leading druggists.
Send 10c in stamps for sample to The
Herplclde Co., Detroit. Mich. ».
CASTOR I A
for Infants and Children.
lbs Kind Yon Have Always Bought
Bears the y^T SZJfo+-jr
Signature of l~*uzf7f m f<4&/UAZ
* ." " , ADVERTISEMENTS. ¦ • : ... -
Y^z$^i$wr A nervous, irritable mother, often on the verge of hysterics, is unfit to care for children ; it ruins
*B$ffiMffiW >^^^^E^P a child's disposition and reacts upon herself. The trouble between children and their mothers wiB\
W*^$<w2W to ° often is due to the fact that the mother has some female weakness, and she is entirely unfit
«£»§Pa ffSjiiiSa. " Dear Mrs. Pixkham : — Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound " Dear Mrs. Pi^kham : — I was married for five years and gave premature §&tvf§f Vs^jJoSpftJ^^ffjf
liKiei MBB&%3k !11 raake every mother well, strong, healthy and happy. 1 dragged through birth to twd children. After that I took Lydia E. Pinkham's Vege- ' WjtfM
w-i^i nine years of miserable existence, worn out with pain and weariness. I then table Compound and it changed me from a weak, nervous woman to a I^OH xVmisSdSifi/
fj£*ft«S _^fBffil!B^ffiS^ffi8r noticed a statement of a woman troubled as I was, and the wonderful results ¦ strong, happ}', and healthy wife within seven months. Within two years a IsliKft^ mM nrlsj W*
SeEB rfgrr^ffi^^^BBBBBy s^ e a<^ obtained from your Compound, and decided to try what it would do lovely little girl was born which is the pride and joy of our household. If 1\^WkBwH
cljxMtti j^^^^*'*^^^^'- : '^'B^^^^^^ for me, and used it for three months. At the end of that time I was a different every woman feels as prateful and happy as I do, you must have a host of 'BSfflBfci^f^' *•£ yS : 'r AftUs'^'rt
ftpSyf woman, and .the neighbors remarked it, and my husband fell in love with me friends, for every day I bless you for the light, health, and happiness your ,|~ % c - '"-^'T^lfflk ifTfFgylraff
Bt&IE H ?i ? ftCfinn FORFEIT if wecannot forthwith produce the original letters and signatures ff there* is anything in your case about which you would like special
iiil JH OulluU of abOTetestimonial3 ' '^s^SX^U m— ¦ I 1^^S^^S^^ J^ dr^ u^ JI^ mk^ H^ adnw JNKKuuml&wBBL
COME EARLY!
THEY ARE HERE!
A Carload Arrived Yesterday
jratll CENTURY!
" cookbook r
! All persons sending to
the Cook Book Depart-
ment of this paper a six
months' subscription to
The Daily and Sunday
Call may secure one of the
Twentieth Century Cook
Books at the premium rate
of 50c.
i All Call subscribers may
take advantage of this
oirer.
Ovi*oMown subscribers should remit I
20c eddirims! to prepay transportation I
charges. • 1THE SAN FR.^CISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 15, 1004.
12
CLAIRVOYANT* — -<>ntlnni>il.< '
A — Call at once una Save $2. •
My Regular $3 Reading. This Week for
$1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE.
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever In San Francisco. '
1 do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee' to
make no charce If I fail to tell your name, oc-
cupation and what you called for; I promise to
tell you whether husband, wife of sweetheart Is
true or false: tell you who and when you. will
marry. In fact. I will tell you ev--ry hope, fear
or ambition better than you can -tell yourself;
he restores lost affections, reunites the separat-
ed, causes speedy and happy marriage; makes
ycu successful and prosperous; cures disease
and lost vitality; 10 a.m. to 8 p.m.; Sun., 2 to 6.
328 O'Farrelt st.— 326. ¦ - •
MME. M. BERNARD, THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium. perma-
nently located at 17 Third St.. next Examiner
bldg.; slie reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
prfsent happenings and portrays events to
- occur In the future; Jf you are In trouble,
dl?Toj tf-nttrd or not satisfied with life, ur
have domestic. love or business troubles, con-
sult this ,ireat medium and you will be told
how 1b overcome them: va'ual>le> advice in all
affairs of life: 25c up; satisfaction guaran-
teed; readings by mall.' Tel. Black 45« !).
MME. PARKHURRT. "clairvoyant . and card
reader; business advice; sittings dally 9 a. m.
to S p. m. Price 25c. 3S McAllister st.
MRS. A. H. KRONENBERG. palmist, clalr-
j| voyant, card render: when others falljiry me;
¦good reading 10c. 721 Franklin, nr. G. G. ave.
A — lime. Ravenna read? life, business advice;
names' given; 25c up. 5 4th St.. near Market.
MRS. BAUMANX, fhe well-known fortune-
teller, is now at 317 Ellis st. .
MRS. WYZAN. clairvoyantcard reader; names;
25c: satisfaction. 10*iS Harrison St., nr. Cth.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader In city.
2CV& Kearny. room 20; ladles, 25c; gents, 50c. j
MISS WARD, removed to 017 Market, rs. 11-12;
gives names, dates, facts. Hours 11 to 9 p.m.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader, re-
moved from 132 (>th to 2.".'$ Cth; la. 25c;g. 60c.
MISS ZEMDAR. young gifted clair. and palm.;
names; L 5Oc, G $1. 714 Franklin.nr.G.G.ave.
MME. MARSEAU. card reader; ladles.- 25c;
gents. 50c. S45 Minna st. ¦
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader: slt-
tlngs dally. 44^*4 Jessie st, bet. 8th and 6th.
j^ '
DR. ORUSS. 604-5~-tf"c^!la«h^TwgT~MaTk«
and McAllister sts.. uses the Basford Obtun.
der; the only device evsr invented- tor grind-
inp. drilling and excavating- teeth without
pain. For demonstration call at r-tflce.
DK. LUELUM HILL. 1443 Market.nr.Eleventh
- —No charge for extracting when plates arc
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from $.S per set: extracting 50c: gas given.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — -cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crown. $3 50; fillings. 50c:
plate*. $5: full set: all work painless and war-
ranted. - Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Set teeth $1 50 up: crowns $2 up; fillings 23c.
GOLD fillings. "Be; silver. 33c; crowns. $'-': no
pain; open Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hewltt,2C4 Sutter.
A. ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon dentist,
room .14 Phelan ; building. San Francisco..
1IIIKSM1AKRRS AND SEAMSTKUSSES
Accordion,'. sunburst & knife plaiting;, double I
stamps . on dress linings. 'Stewart's button & I
buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor; tel.Folsom 2121 I
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School —
Patterns cut to measure; eve, class. 1019 Mkt.
PLAIN and fancy dressmaking done at 229
Eleventh at.: upstairs. ' .: '
OFFICES.
A— ORPHEUM Employment Offlce— Japanese-
Chlneie help. 426 Powell. Tel.~ Main B7S2.
A— GRAND Japanese-Chinese Eni p. Office. 415
Stockton; tel. Grant lt!S; expert, reliable help. *
EMl'LOVMEXT OFFICES— Continued
GET your heTp^TpiN^J A PANEliK^Eiil'LO K
MENT. OFFICE and Housecleanins Co.. 1333
Pine. nr. Jap. M.'E. Church: phona Polk SGGtf.
GEORGE AOKI, .421 Post st.: tel. Bush 135—
¦Japanese-Chinese employment ofnee; fur-
nishes best help; contracts for farm help, etc.
SWEDISH and German Female Employment
• Offlce, 115 Franklin st.; phone Folsora 2S50.
' RELIABLE Japanere-Chlnese Employment Of-
. flee; all kinds help. 215 Stockton; Main S1SS.
CHINESE and Japanese hf-lp; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY &. CO.. 640 Clay.
E31 1'LO Y ME .\T WANTED — FEMALE.
A GERMAN cook, (no English) wants cooking
in Oman family at $.TO where other help
is kept. Telephone Main 5472, or call at
" MISS PLUNKETT'S. 425 Sutter. near Powell.
EXPERIENCED lady's nurse* wishes a few
more engagements; terms. $10 to $15 a week.
Call or address MRS. -WILSON, 943 Folscm
st., near Sixth. .
HOUSEKEEPER'S place for widower's family;
fine cook and manager; invalid or sick lady;
kind to children:' no trlflers; car fare expect-
ed. 420 Minna st. •
A YOCNG girl desires situation as upstairs
girl or to take care of children. Please write
or call at 150 Fourteenth St., San Francisco.
FIRST-CLASS .German and American cook
wishes a position in private family or hotel.
1125V4 Mission st.. near Seventh.
WOMAN wants 1 plain washlnc: $1 50 day
and car fare. - ..MRS. C, 117 V.'llton st.
LADIES' tailor, eult and cloakmaker and
dressmaker; rood cutter and fitter; only
first-class work done at home, or few more
engagements per day In families. E. C.
BARS3, 127 Hyde St.; tel. Sutter 3631.
A SWEDISH lady would like a position aa a
gooo cock and for housework In a small
family; no washing or window cleaning;
wages $30: 10 years* references. Call at
2C3A Octavia st.. corner Oak.
YOUNG lady, thoroughly competent and experi-
enced/ stenographer and typewriter, accus-
tomed to law, insurance and bank work, de.
sires position In or out of city; highest refer-
enccs. Box 314. Call offlce.
YOUNG French girl wants position In private
I family: will teach children French, wait on
table or te chamber maid: can do embroidery
work. 1604 Point Lobos ave.
COMPETENT stenographer and typewriter; 3
years' experience; best references; salary
moderate. Box 2G4, Call office.
GERMAN and American cock wishes pcsl-
tlon In private family; city or vicinity
wages $30 to $35? car fere. 64* Pine »t.
A' FIRST-CLASS laundress with a daughter
wants to take care of a house; wages no ob-
Ject. Box 372. Call office.
GOOD :aundres3. wants work by the day; $1 25
a day; no postals answered. *.•;»; Minna st
near Seventh. *
A YOUNG jrlrl to assist In light housework and
£f re ° f bab >"- Cal1 at 1324 -Harrison St.. near
Tenth. ¦ .
DRESSMAKER, experienced, wishes some en-
gagements In families by the clay; $1 5o
_ Phone Capp 309a Address 359 Prospect ave.'
AMERICAN woman wishes housekeeper's nosl-
tlon or cook on ranch: neat and reliable
MRS. FAIRBANKS. Cotatl. Sonoma County!
GERMAN lady wishes position as housekeeper
ladr'Box^TcaT"^ Clderly C ° UOl '^ r
A YOUNG girl wishes position as second girl
Perle^e^l?^ £»»*- ° Ot mUCh ""
call .1.12 Hyde St.. near Broadway.
COMPETENT woman wants housework, wash-
ing and ironing. Inquire 19 Sixth st.. city.
E.MFLO VME.VF WAXTEP— FEMALE.
YOUNG American widow, just from the East.
desires potation as housekeeper, or would t*k»
charge of hotel or boardlng-houas In some
mining town or camp, city or country; home
more of an object than wages. Address witn
stan:p. MRS. DELIA Z. TJOMINGO. P. O.
Icekbox 2013. San Francisco. Cal.
LADY and son wish poslticn manag^ rooming-
house; experienced. Phone Page 2241.
WOMAN wants to do general housework. 410
Harrison st.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch Offlce. cor. Duncan & Church st3.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for Th»
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 622 McAllister st.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED MALB^
M*N~TnT^l7e~w7s1Tpo^mo^r^^ fam-
ily as cook ami butler; wtllinc to assist with
other work; best references. J. F. CROSETT
A CO., 334 Sutter st.
RANCH work wanted by thoroughly competent
man; good teamster and understands hand-
ling all kinds of farm machinery; also goud
stock man. Box 25S». Call office.
A STUDENT wishes work of any kind night
and morning In exchange for board and
room. Address H. W. PORTER. 22 Metro-
politan ave., city.
YOUNG man wishes position on private place;
good gardener; very handy with horses and
ri»rs: can milk. Address box S9S, Call offlce,
Oakland. ,
YOUNG office man desirea employment even-
ings; quick and accurate at figures; good ref-
erencea. Box 2t»l. Call offlce.
FIRST-CLASS Enellsh butler desires position
by February 1; salary not less than *6O per
month; strictly first class. Ik>x SS8, Call.
ENGINEER and electrician desires employ-
ment; extensive experience. M. E.. 901 Powell.
SITUATION wanted by colored young man:
competent cook and waiter. J. W.. 11 East.
DRAUGHTSMAN wants position In an archi-
tect's office or planing mill. Box 379. Call. ¦
CHEMIST manufacturing extracts, syrups,
medicines, sauces, inks and ail grocers' iun-
dries desires position; have had more than 13
years' experience. Box 287, Call. J
ENGINEER wants ' situation: understands
steam plant and electrical work; all krn.U
of work around building: 4 years la last posi-
. tlon. Box 362. Call ofnee.
STRICTLY temDerate reliable young married
man want* emDloyment as cbllector with *
good reliable house: will give bond if re-
quired. Box 2S6. Ca?.l.
I UNDERSTAND bookkeeping and typewriting;
also general offlce work: am 'competent anj
reliable: I desire a permanent offlce position.
Box 316. Call offlce.
PRINTER^An all-round, reliable printer want,
a situation in the country. Address F.
STEWART. 702 Eleventh St.. Oakland. Cal.
STEADY, energetic man wants position aa
salesman or rollector: also understands bock-
keeping; good references. Box 361. Call.
FIREMAN (boiler) wants position: experienced
with fuel oil or coal; references. Box 494,
Call office. ;
WANTED — Situation aa coachman, care oC
horaes or other work; city or out; refer-
ences. Box 3C«. Call offlce.
MAN and wife with one child would like posi-
tion In country. Inquire MR. BALDINI.
3915 Gold «t., Oakland.
WANTED— Position as hotel clerk or bar-
tender by Krst-cla«» man. with heat of ref-
erences: city or country. Box CSS, Call.
STATiLEMAN, experienced. temDerate and re-
liable, wants situation in non-union stable;
references. Box 33<i. Call.
BOY 17 years r.lii wishes situaticn driving light
delivery wagon. Address 254 Minna st.
SITUATION wanted as clerk In hotel: can give
bond if necessary. Address box 303. Call.
YOUNG man want9 work of any kind for few
months; small wages. Box 342. Call office.
CARPENTER — Experienced in hotel; gooii on
furniture. Address box 370, Call offlce.
STRONG and willing youns man, 21, wishes a
position as plumber's helper. Box 3lfi, Call.
FIRST-CLASS barber wants situation in tha
country. Box 341. Call office.
EPCCATIONAX.
ATRES. the leading business college 723 Mar-
ket st. : established IS years: life scholar-
ship. $50: bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typ-
ing. " arithmetic, spelling, etc.; positions s#-
eur<»d; the college refurnished with new
typewriters and furniture Jan. 1. Catalogue
free.
NEW Juvenile d?Dartment>cf the Paul Gersort
School of Actlnjf now open; applicants re-
ceived from 9 to 12 years of age; Miss Lillian
Muscio, principal; exceptional advantage*:
largest school of the kind In the West; send
tnr catalogue. Native Sons' Hall. 414 Mascn.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST. 9.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy. English branches; <*ay
acd night sessions; Illustrated catalogue free.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 303 Larkln st-"
"A thorough school"; positions secured for
graduates; modern methods; Individual In-
struction. Write for Illustrated catalogue.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the university, law and medical college* ;
ref.. President Jordan or any Stanford profes-
sor; day and evening sessions. Phelan bids;.
HINMAN'S Academy: a thorough school of
dancing; established 20 years. 1412 Polk at.,
between Pine and California; both adult and
'children's classes are now open for the season.
ADVANCED French classes Monday. Wednes*
day. Friday, 11 o'clock; elementary courss
will begin January 15 at 10 o'clock; $2 month;
simplest method. 428 Sutter St.-
A LARGER and better school than erer; enter
at once If you dfsire a good position: Gregg
shorthand. Ellis bookkeeping. S. F. Bus.
College. 1236 Market st.
HEALD'S School of Mines £ Electricity 24 Pon
st. S. F.; a practical school of engineerings
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. min.. mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide: day. ev. ; est. 18«4 * Via
der Kaillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Ball,
ST. JOSEPH43 ACADEMY. PeralU Park?
Berkeley, boarding school for boys under 15.
BRO. GENEBERX. Director.
DANCINO Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday Sun-
day evsrs.. Teutonia Hall. Howard «C nea*
-9th. Prof. Foster: society dancing taoght.
BANJO. mandolin «nd KulTar thoroughly
taunht; orchestra practice. 4«C Geary st.
SPANISH.French.etc.Prof.DeFtUppe'sAcademr
of ]anguag*.32O Post; estab'dlS71; ablest profs.
SPANISH: quick method: dally lessons; $t a
week; 4 to 0 p. m. Room 42. Parrott" bldg.
PIANO le»sona. 25c half kour. MRS. PECK,
experienced teacher. 101S Mission, nr. Sixth.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINOTON'S. 424 Pine st Night clasa.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar writing
etc.; day or eve. : $5 mo. 1024 Mission. nr.Bth.
• FACIAI. MASSAOtT
A — WRINKLES removed: line complexion iruar-
anteed: new method; 50c. M. LtTTON mani-
curing; parlors. 764 Larkln St.: phone Polk IT.
FEATHER REXOVATIXG.
BT new. healthful process. Cal. Steam rTaTher
Co.. 325 Van Ness ave.: tel. Howard 31 $7.
FLATS TO LliT. "
A— HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list*
service absolutely free; tak* advantage of
this department: It win cave you t! m « anl
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co. 2tt- 23a Geary
sc. on the square. "
ALL of the most desirable flats and houses a-»
listed In our renting department- let iu nn
you a list and help you find one In the loca-
tion you want. STERLING FURNITURa
. C0UP.ANT. 102) Market st.; servlcea . ab«>-
TO let— Flat: « rooms and bath: latest lmnrov*
PARTY goinsr East will «ell~7u7nlture^oT~8l
FCRXITtKK FOR saLK.
A— Bra»a beds, hair mattresses, weathered roa-
hosany. maple, furn.. handsome rtlnirtg aulr
draperies, curtain*; t^Pagejng^ iqq« jui^nt
F^s T^ r M?n^y f ° r »- >e <*"»• *«~
lflinXlTLKE WANTED.
HJ t?,"^ T prlwr for '«nmu"re and mdse I* H."
BURP. aucttoceer.131S.Mkt-; tel. Howard KM*
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phon* Red 44«sl
buys. rent*, repairs, packs rurniturew c*rp«tJ.
DDSIXESS CHAXCES- — Conttnncil. :
CAN YOU WIN? •
The ROCKTON ('"Big Four") Rules
for Race Playing are truly wonder-
ful i in results, and
YOU CAN WIN!
by. following the Rockton: no tips;
no, guesev.-ork: no one handles your-
money; you play it yourself, and
Kaln moderate, steady returns. The
ROCKTON is honest, trustworthy.
Th e young need not apply. Private
office, room U, 1S02 Market. Hours,
'.' to 12 a., m.
WANTED — A delicatessen store in business lo-
cation. Address, with price anS particulars,
box 371, Call offlce. j __
FOR sale — Complete dyeing and cleaning
works; good location. Box 2S0O. Call office, f
A BRANCH office' of The Call for ths recep-
ticn of advertisements and subscriptions has
been cpened at IOCS Market *t.. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m. ,
lopgi.\u-ho-jsl:s for sale.
A. CAMFlioN~t™CO^ Phone South lOOa
3 Eddy gt.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for rooming-houses, hotels and
all. kinds of. business chances.
220 rooms; grand new modern apartment
house; elegantly furnished; swell location;
clearing ?4ti0 to $1X0 per month; golden op-
portunity.
15 rooms; Vnn Ness: cak and mahogany
furniture: a bargain if taken at once.
SS rooms; bonton location; elegant build-
In?: luxuriously furnished; all modern con-
veniences; grand entrance and halls; strictly
up to date; called East by sickness.
12 rooms; Post: cak furniture; Brussels
carpets; clears $30; $300 cash, balance on in-
stallments; price JSOO. *
f fj9 rooms: new and elegant building; fur-
nished beautifully and up to date; hot- and
cold water every room ; J4000 cash necessary. |
:to rooms: rent $35; fine location: all on 2
floors; Z years' lease; clears $100. full; $2000.
125 rooms; first-claps downtown house; 5-
year lease; cheap rent: private baths; doing
tine commercial business; reduced; see this.
47 rooms; rent $125: good lease; fine loca-
tion; some apartments always full; clears $200.
116 rooms; new. elegantly appointed apart-
mf-nt lioase; one cf the s»e:lest in city; clear-
ing: $5C0 to $000 month: splendid opportunity.
7-room new modern fiat: $450 cash, bal-
ance on installments; Income $15; price $550.
24 rooms: rent $110; newly furnished; fine
neighborhood; close in; always full.
1C2 rooms: most elegantly appointed apart-
ment house in fan Francisco: beautiful mod-
ern building: fine entrance: cheap rent: clear-
ing $4C0 per month: 5-year lease; part cash;
baiance S per cejn per year.
8 rooms: golden oak fur.: Moquet carpets,
oil pointings. /must leave city; make offer.
50 room*; rent only $200: downtown house;
always fu'l: clearing $200 to $300 per mo.;
newly renovated and in fine condition.
20 rooms: rent $715; 2 years' lease; good
permanent and transient house;, price $1200.
44 rooms; rent only $125; 5 years' lease;
running water; «verythlng In good' condi-
tion, cleais $123 to $150 per mo.; price $2800.
1!> rooirs; corner: rent $S5: oak furniture:
r.xh1 carpets, hair mattresses; part cash, bal-
ance on time.
6 room?; rent $45; oak fur.; Moquet car-
pets; furnished 4 montRs; cloars $15; see this.
18 rooms: fine sunny corr.er: rent only $80;
well furnished; all outside rooms; fine yard-
clears flOO.
68 rooms; rent $250; 2 years' lease; well
furnUhed throughout; close in; lirst-claes
boarding-house; clearing $230 per mouth.
5 rooml? ncd bath; rent $18: water free;
new modern flat, furnished 1 year; price $300.
60 rooms: Bush; rent only $162; good fur-
niture, carpets; clearing over $200 per month;
only 14 ro-jir.s to take care or. balance do
own work: a snac"
16 rooms; 'Van Ness: rent $85; oak. ma-
hogany furniture; always full; prlco $1200;
almctt new.
88 rooms; cheap rent; furnished last June:
oak furnUure, Brussels carpets; clears over
$2jO per month; half cash, balance 1 per
cent; owner sick in bed. ,
7 rcoms; rent $.'JS; modern house; new fur-
niture; clears $50; only $400 cash, balance
time.
14 rooms; rent $40; new and modern little
boardlng-houce: fine furniture; hair mat-
tresses; clearing over $200 mo. price $1000.
24 rooms; rent only $12.">; first-class con-
dition: oak, mahogany, blrdseye maple furni-
ture; extra fine- carpets; clears $70; pries
J2000; half cash, balance 1>4 per cent.
21 rooms:- Howard st.: rent only $C0; good
fUr. and carpets; clearing $180 per month;
¦ $100 cash, balance time; price $000.
10 rooms: rent $50: close In: oak. blrdseye
maple fur.; fine carpets; elegant little tran-
t-lent houpe; clears $125; part cash; price $800.
) — — — /
MARION GRIFFIN.
406 Examiner bldg.. cor. Market and 3d sts
Fine front offices, directly over entrance!
Take elevator to 4th floor. Phone Black
„ 3607. Title abstract free with each and every
sale. We do business strictly according to
law.
MAQNIFICENTLY furnished 100-room apart-
ment house. In excellent downtown location:
long lease at $5 50 per roomi_^Iears $454
month. . ¦•¦
-^M* 1 causJ « sale of 30-room corner hotel;
$iu00; half cash; furniture cost $3500.
OWNER being in hospital this 17-room house
must be sold or exchanged for flat* 2-year
lease; clears $»5 per month.
REDUCED to $1100. was $1400: sunny side- *>0
' big rooms; rent $75; clears $81 month; lady
sick In bed; compelled to sacrifice.
NEW and modern; 74 rooms, beautifully fur-
nished in blrdseye maple, mahogany and
weathered oak; carpets are velvet, Ajtminster
and body Brussels; clears $248: 5-year lease.
SPLENDID CO-room corner rooming-house on
Sutter st.; clears 514« per month: all fine
cak furniture and rich, heavy carpets- lease
. If desired; eminently respectable; well estab-
lished; worth $3700; will Hell for $3000.
MARION* GRIFFIN Is sole agent for' this new,
SWELL 04-room house: fi-year lease- sunny
corner; books show $395 monthly profit.
CUT this out; »rreat bargain: I5-room transient
house, near Market; a rapid- money -maker-
you'd fetter come and investigate.
HIGH-CLASS aristocratic private hotel' In 'One
location; 0 blocks north of Market* 65 rooms-
all occupied by selected boarders; clears $453.
AN honest 21-room house, near the Chronicle-
rent $100; clears $D0 month: easy terms.
ANY reasonable offer will be accepted; 2D
rooms: south of Market; think of the rent
only $C0; then think of the Income, $180.
ILL HEALTH caused owner of a lC-room
house to leave city; all housekeeping; rent
$50; clears $50; 'price reduced to $750- It's
a gift. ~ .^
NEW In 1004: 9 rooms; near the Emporium:
rent $18; Income $53; price $325; only *2U0
down. "- .: ". ,;-:-•,• i ' •
/ ... . , :• -.«, .
l.j- ATTENTION! Read these 12 lines:
2.— The owner of a large transient housa
3.— In the center of San Francisco
4. — Has been suddenly called to
6. — The deathbed of his sister
6. — In another State.
7. — And has authorized MARION GRIFFIV
8. — To sell the 'house. -
9. — The manager In charge of said house
10.— Keeps careful book accounts.
11. — Which show $500 monthly profit. •
12.— A thorough investigation Is solicited
BEST hotel proposition in thla city; 83 rooms;
6unny: large dining-room; rent only $">34
month; always full of steady boarders-
profit never less than $200 month; dissolution
, of partnership only reason; price $7000- well
worth $10,000. MARION GRIFFIN 'room
400. Examiner bldg." . .*
BARGAIN— 30 rooms, well furnished; close in-
rent $100; clears $125 per month; $2100-
easy terms to responsible party; leaving city
For particulars address Owner box 302*
Call offlce. .... .
LODGING-HOUSE. 38 rooms, in a good loca-
tion on Powell st., paying me a clear proil*
of $12O per month; house full; . reasonable
rent; look at this; I will sell low, as I must
leave the city. Box 2728, Call offlce. •
A— LODGING house, 46 rooms/ within ;i block
of Market st. and near . theaters; <¦ rent $1 15
per month, with lease; .will' sell - for $-'<200;
all or part cash. Address box 238, Call office.
THE^CALL
JOHN D. SPBECKELS. Proprietor.
iffltss CcaiiiaicEtiDES id JOESKcSAUGHT, Manager
W. J. MARTIN Business Manager
TELEPHONE.
Atk for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
nect You With the Department You Wish.
Publication Office Market and Third. S. F.
Kditorlal Hcoms il7 to 221 Stevenson at.
_
Eeli\-ered by Carriers. 20 Cts. Per We«fc. 75
Cts. Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cents.
Tcmb by Mail. Including Postage (Cash With
Order) : •
DAILY CALL (indud. Sunday), 1 year...*S.OO
DAILY CALL Unclud. Sunday). 6 mos 4^00
DAILY CALL— By Single Month J5*
CCXPAT CALL. 1 Year x "
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Year ¦ 1J °
FOREIGN /££fc:Sg £r r Veil g£
POSTAGE. 1 weekly" 1.00 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
f*mp!e Copies will be forwarded when re-
Quested. , .
Ma'.l t-jbscrlbers In ordering .change of ad-
dress fhould be particular to give botn r*EV*
AND OLD ADDRESS In order to ln * ure a
prcn-.pt and correct compliance witn their re-
OAKLAND OFFICE.
JUS Broadway Telephone Main 10S3
BERKELEY OFFICE.
tltS Cester Street Telephone North ••
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
MORTON E. CRANE 1406 G Street. N. VT.
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS: -
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel: A. Brentano. 31
felon Square; Murray Hill Hotel; FlOh-avo-
cue Hctti *nd Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
f>.enra n House; P. O. News Co.: Grent
Northern Hotel: Tremcnt House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROGNESS...Marquetto Bunding
(Long Distance Telephone, "Central 2C19. >
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
CTF.PHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Builclng
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C CARLTON Herald Square
ETTFINESS OFFICE of the San' Francisco
. Call, corner Market and Third streets: open
until 32 oVlock every nlefct In th« year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
(27 Montgomery ttrtet. corr.er Clay; cpen un-
til ?:30 d. m.
S00 Hjtcs street: c,j>en until 9:30 p. m.
«53S WrAl'.Sster street; open until 9:30 p. m.
«i5 Larkin street; cpen until 8:30 p. m.
3^41 Stiavtaa Ftr«»t; cpen until 10 p. m.
3381 Market s.:r*et, corner Sixteenth; open un-
til fl r. m.
:<"¦«! Eleventh street ; rpen until 9 p. m.
1 090 Valencia etrert: open until 0 p. a>-
Northeast comt-r O-.urch and Duncan streets;
Tx'n -.mt:! 9 v. m. .
Northwest rori:er of Twenty-second and Ken-
tarkv ftrr^tf-: open until 9 p. m.
2?"** Fiiimor* rtKft: nr>" i-ntil 9 i>. v\.
»ini:Ti.\« VoTicr-.>.
CALIFORNIA Comn.ardt ry No. I. K. ' „
T.— Regular esfirWy THIS EVEN- f<^'*
ING st 7:."". ord-r of Tempi". All H,'J
frnfrs courteously invited. «Jy?
-lifiMAS II BROtVKB. Command-r.
T. L. BEXPEBSOX. Recorder.
CALIFORNIA I.MS* No. 1. F. ar.d A. O
M.— The offl^rsi and memb«n of the
Bbm-«-rameil lo<5g^ are hereby notified /v\
t« att»nd the funcrr.i of '¦¦or late
brother FRANKLIN EDWARli FOYE. in j
Kir^r So'..iiror.'f lisll. -Masonic T<*mpl«\ j
FHIPAT. lannKIT I*. «'- 2 o'clook. Ma»tf-r i
M>i!«ot55 Etui fr^nc!? of the deceased erf in-
vi?«d FRANKLIN H. DAY. Sec.
PAClFIcT.odg*' No. 13*5. F. and A. M., Q
Mssor.ic Teinple moets THIS EVEN- VV
ISO at 7 o'clock. Fecon<3 icgrte. /V\
GEOrtGE PENLINGTON. S^g.
EAN FRANCISCO Tent No. >S^?>!sC^>.
T«. K. O. T. M.— Review Z^rtL^'-^
THIS rmiDAT) EVEN- £253 (ftCSg
ING. at S f/riock. Pioneer WUl *V . »-SlTI
Hill, 24 Fourth st. \? *J /if ., ¦. \ai§
D. B. niCHARDS. VVviJ»^V/
P."?cord Keeper.
RHGl'LAR niw-tlne of the Cal -do- v TT •*-
nian »."!ub THIS EVENING at S 3\ ckd.1
o'clofk. Pcottifh Hall, 117 Larkln Tj^-tX^ '
Ftrcet. ' s =i?t I
A. M. MACPHEBSON. Chief. ¦
JA1IK? H. DUICCAK. Frcretary.
ET. ANDREWS Society will hold a. Wv.
Hums i-elthratlon in. the Scottish 5Si \%£yA
Hall. 115 Larkin «.. on MONDAY \^X**
EVENING. 25th Jsn-jary.
P. LIVINGSTON I>UNN, President.
J. BLA<7K. Secretary.
HOTICE of ennual meeting — The regular an-
Sual mooting of the Btockholdus of ih«
< allfornU Caf iind Electric Corporation v.iil
b«* \\p\<\ nt the office of the crimj^any. ?ixth
fl'Xir. Rialto building. .San Francisco' Cal.,
on TI"EFr>AY. January 2B. 1304. at the
hour of 3:13 p. m.. fur the purpose' of elpct-
ine a Board of Dirertorp to serve for the
ensuing yt-ar and to transact such other
liut-inf^s r.r may oom» bororo the meeting.
Transfer liooks will close on January 20, at
5 o'clock p .m.
C. W. OONLIFK. Secretary,
Room <;27, nialto building, city.
STOCKHOLDERS" MEETING (Annual)— To
th» Stockholders of the Oceanic Steamahl?
Compzry— Please take notice that the an-
rua! meeting of th* stoclcljolders of the
Oceanic Sfamship Company »rlll be held at
the principal office cf the company <1. e..
327 Market tt.. room 4. eecond TIoot) in
the city ar.d county of San Francisco. State
of California, en THURSDAY the 21st day
ef January. A. D. 1S>O4. at 11 o'clock a. m..
for the purpose of electing directors and fcr
the transaction of «uch other business as
rr.Ey properly conr.e before the meeting. The
rtotk transfer books cf the company will be
<-!o*»-<J t^n rlO) cays prior to said day of
meeting. Ry order of the Board of Directors
H. W. THOMAS. Secretary Oceanic Steam-
fhu> Company. 31'T Market ct.. San Fran-
ciscc. Cal.
ANNUAL raeetir.p— The regular annual meet-
ing or th. Fto-khr,Iders of the Pajaro Valley
Consolidated Railroad Company will be held
at the office of the company, 327 Market
rtj-eet. Pan Francisco, on MONDAY, the 18th
Csv of January. 1904, at the. hour of 11
o'clock a. m.. for the purpose of electing a
board of directors to serve for the ensuing
and for the transaction of such other
bufine«s as may come before the meeting.
The transfer books of the company will close
<n Friday. January 15. 1904. at 3 p. m.
W. H. HANNAM. Secretary.
GKOGI'.AI'HI'AL Society cf the Pacific — An-
nual meeting January 19. at « v. m.. in the
library of th" soctety. <1» California St..
room 23. GEO. DAVIDSON*, President.
JOHN^PAP.TRIDGIZ, Secretary.
THE annual meeting of the A*»oclatlon of
the HoKDital fcr Children and Training
Fchool for Nuwn will be held at the hos-
pital, rrroo Califomtn street on TKURS-
I1AY. JaniTurv 14. KK>4. at 1:30 p. m. !
A«E.\TS WANTED. ~~
AT rr.ee— For San Francisco, Oakland, Berke-
Jey, Alameda and other towns Al agents Au-
ply A. DOVE GARBUTT. Western Indu-C
trial Co., 4CV Ninth rt., Oakland, bet. 10
and 12 «. m. and 2 to 5 p. m.
AGENTS everywhere oan make $7 per day up
Jn tpar* time; raors by vteady wo-k. RED.
DIN. 72C {Starr King bldg.
WOMEN end men eclicltors wanted. Apply to
Htlnruner Medical Mfg. Co., 2S Califcmia
ft.. 1 to 5.
ATTOr..\EYS.AT.liAW.
1%'. H. BITTNER.
ATTORNEY AKD COUNSELOR AT LAW.
Advice free. Phone South 743.
Ecite 222. Emma Epreckels building
Divorces quietly end legally obtained for
eight causes: damages secured for Injuries to
person or estate; replevins for property un-
lawful'y detained; attachments and garnieh-
xaects for debt*; bonds furnished; bankruptcy
proceedinga; wills probated: estates *eltled;
collections raad> in all parts of the U. S.
A PRIVATE, quick divorce lor a email fe«.
e?e me and save money; ao pay in advance.
O. XV. HOWE ATTORNEY- AT- LAW
Established 22 yrs.; nn». 1. 2 3. 4 & 5 1st fl.
1122 MarkR «L. between Mason and Taylor.
Advice free, all matters. Detectives employed
R V.^"- K1XG - Attorney-at-Law. Exam, bldg.."
feth floor, entrance room Cll; established
2'eare; all cases; general court and office prac-
tice; no tff »n advance or for consultation;
*-venmc» by appointment. Tel. Red 2061.
GEO. W. AVERILL; advice given in all cases!
divorce, probate, bankruptcy and attachment
«ults a specialty; practice In both State and
r^ Jera t? o i I . r(B - Room 4es ' «h floor. Parrott
bldg.. tw3 Market et. ; phone Howard. 255L
ADVlCEfree— I will ..dVanee cost In merltorl-
ou» casrs. filvorcta. probate and all other law
cases; no fe«« in advance; open every even-
tng. J. M. THURSTON. Sl» Market B t*. r. Jl.
ADVICE FREE.
Co'utsblsn Law and Collection Agency
Room PS. fllg Market tt.; teL John «22«.
DIVORCE co«t» $12; open evening*: tenanti
ejected. $S. Olii Market. r.Cr.phoo* lilack 651.
A,TTOttXEY-AT.LAW — ConttnneiL
DIVORCE— Costs. $12: quick, quiet: advice
free: opm evenings. 027 Market St.. r. 301.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful; all
law business. W. W. Davidson. 027 Market.
L. S. CLARK. 927 Market st.: consultation
free: no f>e« In advance; open evenings.
JRrBITI»O u
HAVING recently acquired through exchange
of property three SJO scholarships in the best
College of Advertising Jn the United States,
I will tell them at 25 per cent discount for
cash: the college teaches advertisement writ-
ing by correspondence ond assists its Grad-
uates to secure positions: oatalo?ju*s ' fur-
nl^hed rn application. Address box 3026. Call.
ASTROLOGV.
MR.«. J. FRANCIS, astrologist; lessons; read-
lnps: hours 10 to 5. Suite 10. Hotel Langham.
BIRDS, DOGS. ETC.
WARBLING canaries, talking parrots: alt
kinds of song and fancy birds; goldfish, seeds,
cagec. etc. Give us a trial; we will please
you. 154H Market st.
BUSINESS CHAXCES.
R. G. WILKE. ' real estate and business agen-
cy; established 15 years; quick sales. Rooms
9 and 10. "O'.i Kearny.
A— J1C0O— Rarest chance in the market: cof-
fee saloon and restaurant; choicest location;
daily receipts about $00; net profits above
{•300 per month; a fine business: investigate
toon; trial given. R. G. WILKE. 26 Vi
Kearny «t.
A— $4000 — CORNER saloon In wholesale dis-
trict: net rent $0; lease: this Is one cf the
leading and best payinq- places In this city;
no night wcrk. Call R. G. WILKE, 2GVi
Kearny st.
A— $1250— DELICATESSEN and dairy produce
etore; close t» Market and Stockton sts.:
large sto-.-k; cleats at least $250 "per month:
full valu" In sight: a splendid offer. Call
R. G. WIIJKE. 'X\i Kearny st.
A— f'oO — SALOON on Commercial St.; rent
$50. fc>e R. G. W1LKIE. 2S',i Kearny st.
A — $500 — SALOON end boarding-house on
main St.; 12 furnished rooms; established
years. See RJ G. WILKE, 2«>4 Kearny st.
A— ROADHOUSE with 15 newly furnished
rooms; bathroom, barn, 1 cart. 1 electric
piano; 10 years" lease ; rent $43; price f3000;_
business very good: that If all. Fcr particu-
lars see R. G. WILKE. 26^4 Kearny Ft.
A— $1500— BUTCHE11 shop In* Western Addi-
tion; rent $40: .weekly sale about 4 steers.
25 sheep; 1 hwE<-. 1 wagon: dally receipts
abcut $40. «ee R. G. WILKE. 2G'ri Kearny.
A— $1750 — CORNER grocery and bar on
Guerrero ft.: lease: a good paying buslnsss;
frefh stcck; ai! each trade. Particulars R.
G. WILKE. 2CJ<i Kezrny st.
A— $1400 — COIiNEK grocery and bar on De-
vteadero st. ; otvrer has a fins paying busi-
ness, riv.t family affairs coinpeis hira to
1'ave for East. S(* R. G. WILKE. 23'4
Kearny st.
A — $050 — CIGAR, candy and notion stcre on
McAllister st. : wnt *25; n nice pavir-.g busi-
ness fcr man and wife. Call and I will shsir
you' the place. R. <;. WILKE. 20% Kearny.
A— $000 — DRT goeds and notion store with 4
fne furnlrhed rooms rn Mlssicn st. ; splendid
chance fcr man and wife. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26»4 Kearny.
FOlt crur.try hoteis, raloons. cigar, notion
, ctores. butcher shops or any kind of business,
*e» R. O. V/IT.KE. 28'.4 Kearny St.
A— MT.C0; TIJE best ojeter stand in Tortland,
Or.; a man *v:th> rirst-rlrjfs! references can
i^ave STOft stand on the business. See R. (J.
V.JLKK. 2<>'i Kearny ft.
! WAXTKIi — First-class rrs'nnrant man with
F'^ine money to take dt&lOfMrOOn kitchen in
BWdlect npcrtment house in citv; no oth^r
rf-stamant within five blocks. CAMERON &
CO.. :! Eddy st.
FOR sale or trade — Quartz mine: fine prospect;
located in Cal.; assays $10 to $70 ton: trade
f<r r'm'g house or business. Cameron, .'5 Eddy.
FOR eale — W»ll- located candy store: all equlp-
|vd for making own <-rndi»s; established S '
year?: <-Ie«.rir>B over $2fO p*"r nwnth: wl'.l ln-
volce about $1200. CAMERON. .1 Eddy st.
niGHEiT cash prl<-e paid frr stocks of mer-
char-tilse. Pee A. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy.
FOl£ trad*— Income-bearirg city property for
storks of merchandise; any amount. . CAM-
I KRON & CO. .
I FOR £81*-— On<» or th? b<-«t rrstaurants In city:
cheap r«-nt: receipts $7."> to $100 per day: will
I bfnr Investijiaticn: price $1.VW>: also one in
!. srcod location for $350. CAMERON & CO .
I -I Eddy M.
i A— S«fr— CORNER grorpr>- and bar; Western |
A<iflit!on: doinp gnod husinesn: 5 llvlng-
roorr.p; hath; l?rse yard: rc-r.t 530; long
I'sfp. Full particn'.ar^ at EL'RHKA REAL-
TY «"O., 719 Market st.
A— 52r.0— PARTNER: -wfTl •*tsb!ish<"i office
brrincss: no roquir*»d: S75 month
ly to earn. Sr-n m y agents. EUREKA RE-
ALTY CO.. 719 Market st.
A— r.ir>n-riGAR~ star.U: jiweli location; full
Mock: r»-::t $1.\ EUREKA REALTY CO.,
71!> Market st.
$1100— CORNKR house. 20 rooms: south of
Market; rent»$50. ttoston Real Estate Co.
5 !Ias<Ti et.
WE sell lodglng-hous^F, restaurants, cigar
stands, all prices. $l?>0 up; city and country
property. Boston Rral Estate Co., 8 Mason.
PAP.TNERSHIP^T^orclrartng "$75 moathl
experience not necessan'.' Apply 8 Mason
St.. room 2.
$70 — CIGAR stand; bargain to-day; cheap
rent; good stock. Inquire 8 Mason et.
OUR new "Duplex-Scale System" won over 200
per cent in the past 22 days on Frisco races;
for proofs and references ask any sub-
scriber on our list, or call and Investigate:
explanation free to regular subscribers at our
offlce only; commissions handled on this sys-
tem for 25 per cent of the net weekly profits.
Terms for our 'Handicap sheets, $2 per day or
$10 ptr week. N. S. HAND, export har.dicap-
per. rooms 1. 2 and 3, 113 Stockton st./*S. F.
A— 3 PER CENT ' MONTHLY.
On investments of $100 and upward; no "gtt-
rich-quick" swindle, turf speculation or gam-
bling scheme, but a reputable, .established-
business enterprise in San Francisco:' cleared
$67,000 last ><ar on $J00.000 capital; stock
Increased (20,000 to enlarge the plant: call
or write for particulars.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market St.
CALL and see the list of iodging-houses from
6 to 200 rooms; cheap rents; hotels, road-
houseE. saloons, restaurants, groceries, livery
ttafcles bought and sold and exchengtd-
money loaned on chattels; millinery store to
exchange. EITEL & CARROLL. 212 Kearny.
FOR mlp — Either the goods or terrltorv on a
fine article- to put in the trad-: a fine "chance
for traveling salesman. Call on R. E. GRAF
¦"!O Post gt.. room 15.
PLANING mill for sale; complete mill, in-
cluding sash and door machinery; fine loca-
tion; well established business; located In
Alameda^Co. Address P. O. box. 347, Oakland.
WANTED— Either whole or half Interest In a
corner grocery and bar in a good business
lotion. Send price and location to box
I WOULD like to buy a cigar stand in a good
part of the city for business; give price and
what part of city it is In. Address box 343
Call offlce.
IF you art looking for a restaurant, see mine;
it Is Jn a good business location on Taylor
S.Y I^ n . t . r e «'»nable and a good trade. Box
304. Call offlce. _,
A DELICATESSEN storn on Turk st.: good
locality and good growing businees; will sell
If taken at once for f 400. Address* box 376,
Call office. -:?
STEADY man to attend counter and take ca-»h
in restaurant; ZSb monthly and meals; $150
cash required. 200 Kearny st.. room 1.
FOR sale— Lumber yard; good location; excel-
lent charce to get a yard on small payment
down: no agents. Box 375, Call.
CIGAR ..tore and laundry offlce and 3 living
rooms, rent $13. for sale cheap. Inquire 2914
Mission Bt.. near Twenty-«lxth.
HOTEL clearing $500 to $700 month; will sell;
B^d^5 t . l '<i,k t r, r nd:" h - *">™.-1118
»^°-A RESTAURANT In good locality on
Sixth «.« large seating capacity; reasonable
rent; lease. Inquire box 3S1. Call offlce.
SAN FRANCISCO Employment Agency a bar
gain; mast sell. 27 '4 Fourth stT
FOR sale— Bakery and delicatessen store doing
nm-class bufelncss. Box .T58. Call offlce!
I WILL buy ¦ saloon if In a good location for
business. Address, with price, box 334. Call.
D^ UCA nT E ?. S n N , 8 fl t0re fOr 6aIe : *°od business".
Box SOI. Call offlce.
w £->" r £ D r~ To bujr a r«**urant. Address box
3b «, Call office.
$COO— RESTAURANT on Larkln St.; low renU
Box 349^ Call office. .»*."*"
FOR saJe-1-Wood and coal yard. Including
horses and wagons, ftc 819 Florida st.
GOOD paying country bakery tor sale or ex-
changgi/or city bakery. Box 321. Call, f
VERY low figure; well , stocked. . good paying
cor. bazaar; must be sold, 1000 Devlsadero.
LODGING HOUSES FOIi SALE — Con.
SIZK: ELEGANTLY FURNISHED; LOCA-
TION BEST IN %HE CITT: LEASE;
OWNER LEAVING TOWN. BOX 2856.
CALL OFFICE. ' ' <__
WANTED, for cash, a , lodging house of not
- more than f>0 rooms: state price wanted and
give location. Box 3C4. Call office.
WANTED — Lodging house of about 25 or 10
rooms. . Address, with particulars, box 2727.
Call office. • . - .
CARPET WKATJ^G-AXM^^E^'IjXO^
AIR now universally u«ed.ln cleaning carpets
en floor, without removal; ! price moderate.
S. .F. Compressed Air Cleaning Co.. Call
bulldin:;. Phone Main 5237,
¦WHEN you become dltsjrusted - with your worlr
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-.
ing Workg. 363-357 Tehama at.: tel. South 40.
TRY Hopke Bros.; carpet bpatinf?; mattresses
made over. .1432 Howard: tcl. South 216. ,
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1S09 Har-
rleon si. : Al cleaning: 3c; tel. Mission 221.
ADVANCE Carpet' Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutterst.:
1el. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop*.
P.UDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating work«;prtces
reasonable. 1703 Harrison at.: tel.Mlsalon 263.
CONKLIX'S Superior Carpet-beatln* Works.
S33 Golden Gato nve.: East 1^6.
. COLLKCTIO.N OFFICES.
BAD tenants ejected for J4; collections made;
city or country -PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 413 Montgomery., rooms 9-10; tel. 5386.
CUBES aUPTTOE.
WHO DOES IT? HUNTER. 1208. Market »t.
Send for circular. Why will 'you suffer?
SPlKlTliALISM. ¦
"~~^ REMOVED TO 310 ELLIS ST.
CASHMIRE. the Wizard of the Orient.
Spiritual Adviser Adept.
A— ?1- — THIS WEEK $1.
Wonderful,' bewildering." Is the work of
Cashmlre, peer of all clairvoyants; her read-
ings are a revelation; advice on love, mar-
mlage. •courtshlo, businrss, mines; reunites
the separated; elves serret Dower to control
any one in 21 days; removes evil. Influences;
develops- mediums; locates hidden treasure:
gives names, dates, facts; readings by mail.
MRS. DR. MARTIN, wonderful spiritual heal-
er and business medium: mining a specialty:
advice I guarantee on all business proposl-
. tions to be successful. My wonderful mag-
net will bring reconciliation and lasting peace
with the one you love: 1 readings by mall most
satisfactory. $2; readings daily. SI; develop-
ing class Thursday, 8 p. m. 002 Eddy st.
PROF. Fred P. Evans, noted psychic (or slate-
writing' and clairvoyance; stamp for circular.
1112 Eddy st.. nr. Octavia: phpne Scott 8S7.
MRS. LESTER, test and business medium;
circle to-night. 10c: readings dally. 142 Cth.
A — MRS. CRINDLK. material izing seance Fri-
day eve.. 50c. .128 Ellis St.. 8 o'clock.
KATIE HEUSSMANN'S. circle Friday eve..
25c; sit,- dally. 1000 Harrison; tel. Mint 007.
EDWARD EARLE. 10S2 Ellin, r»adln*rfMalljr.
8:30 to 4; r "since* Purvey a nd ¦ ThnnwUr.".
'_ CLAIRVOYANTS.:,
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, ¦ clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
it., cor. Turk; ; private . readings dally, 10 a.
m. to 5p.m.; readings by mall us satisfac-
tory as In person; 3 questions ansAered, Jl;
full life, *3; send lock of hair, date of year
. of birth; don't »»nd currency; send postofflce,'
Wei Is- Fargo money order or registered letter.
MME. MARCELLA.Just returned from, ex-
tended .' tour, reads past,' present and future
by ancient Egyptian egg method and Le Nor-
mand; card*; • lee. $l. '. 1613 Lyon sl. bet.
Bush and Pine; phone Geary 2C57. I
MRS. VIENA. wonderful trance medium and
. card^reader; three <iu«stlon» answered free.
Room 1. 100 Ueary st., near Mason.
TELL YOUR WANTS TO RCADmS OF THE GALL
I ¦-; MAKE YOUR WANTS KNOWN I
\ ' - ¦:.„ IN THE NEXT SUNDAY CALL |
\ • ~ '- : * ' •*" ' p
y ¦¦-•-¦- j . ....... — 'a
I ; . Two Celluloid / ' . i |
: | ' . FOR OFFICE AND -GENERAL USE |
; .'COne.fpr red'isik. tKe other for black ink) 3
I . neatly boxed, is the premium offered to |
! I ; ; .Att ' WANT ADyBRTIiSERS : • ¦ 1 1
I ' . — '.. . . — iir^ the — — i — : — g
: ¦¦ - ¦ ¦¦¦¦¦<* -.-..,.. ' ' '. <5
\ PENHOLDERS AND PENS. * a
j These premiums may be obtained by §
;;. presenting your'. Want Ads to The Call Busi- g
| ' <t» ness Office, Third and Market Streets; Pitts %
\ Branch Call Headquarters, 1008 Market . w |
! Street, or at The Call Agency, 1118 Broadway, . $.
\ Oakland : : .: ; : : . : ¦ : - j |
; Ads- for Ne3st S^ax^day's Issue will foe received TO-DAY, »
i also FRIDAY AND . SATURDAY. ". . J |THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY. 15. 1904.
13
MISCELL^"EOUS^FOR^S^iE---Con.
A FINE selection of trunks, suit cases and
tailor-macie Miits sold on small weekly pay-
ments. Misfit Clothing Parlors, 25 Stoakton.
SOME good second-hand gasoline engines,' 1 to
12 H. P. cheap. ¦ E. B. Beck & Co.. 122 Mkt.
SLOT machines cheap; Chlcagoes. Twentieth
Centurlea, Pucks. BACIGALUPI. 933 Market.
DESKS and safes; see the complete line at 1S16
Market, ab. ,\%n js'esa. RICHARDSON BROS.
SAFES — New and second-hand. 'THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st.
NEW and second-hand machinery cf all kinds.
KROGII MFG. CO.. S10 Market Bt. - .
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullcrd & Breck. 131 Pest st.
SAFES— New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
& .CO.. 122 Market st. . .
i Edison phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. Bacigalupl. C33 Mki.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sizes. ¦ J. E. DOAK. 40 Fremont st.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters: all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y.
MISCELLANEOUS •WANTS. _
WANTED— Wooden water tank about 6x6.
Box 3CS. Call office. '
BOOKS and libraries bought. H. C. HOLMES.
: 1149 Market Bt.; phone Jessie 3741; or postal.
I PAY highest prices for all kinds of cast-off
clothing; send postal. MORRIS. S70 Folsom.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
thiatrical eoodq. 154 9th «t.; tel Jessie 2851.
HONEY TO LOAN.
a Xa^4herm an m u rt?H y7~
C01-C02-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements: no disappointment.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property In trust,
etc. ; lecaclea, life estates and undivided in-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
Wh»n You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
i WILL.LOAN. . ,
A reasonable amount' on
' , ' -'. 1st, 2d or.-ttd
Mortgage,- on rear. -estate .'or , ; ¦ •
i ," Chattels, !n city, town .-
or countrj'- •¦ ¦ ' .
Low rate -of interest. .'.¦¦-. •
Give full particulars •-.,.
of, proprtty or chattels, ' . ..
" etc. . '.. . - ¦'•' ¦
• Box 40S. Call office. ¦-. ' _¦ ¦ ?• ¦ ¦.
MONET leaned to salaried t>eople, .retail mer-
, chants, teamsters,— boarding- houses.' without
' security: easy payments; largest business in
4G principal cities. Tolman, 553 Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY rssDectable- private' place to obtain
liberal advances <jn diamonds. Jewelry, at U
per ce'nt interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,-
£46 Market: te). Main 1044. Branch. 19 Third.
A — 1 per cent on furniture or ptano: no re-mov--
' al, nc commission, no publicity; ?25 up; quick,
private, confidential. 20 Montgomery, rm. 7.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant ave..
LOANS FROM $1 TO >10.O00.
MONEY to loan on low Interest.: gold, silver,
A diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth sit.
NEW easy method — To wage-earners on .unln-
doi-Kt-il notes; absolute privacy. Fidelity Loan
Company, rooms 48-40, Chronicle bldg.
TO salaried people without Becurity; on furni-
ture: indorsed n<ite*i and other security. S. F.
Discount Agency. 143 Phelan building.
AT lowest rates on furniture aiid pianos;- Ttrict
privacy ;no cominission;lnstallments -accepted.
BONELLt. .SOI Eddy. Conservatory bulldingr.
ANY sum, on furniture or pianos; no removal;
lowest rate: easy payments; no commission.
1170 Market St.. room 68.
ALL leans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
rr.o. S. F.- Collateral Loan Bank. S.'JS. Kearny.
3% ON furniture & pianoe; $15 up: no removal:
no com. V. TREMAIN. room 81. 8 Eddy St.
1 PEIi cent, en furniture or piano. 1003 Mu-
tual Savings Bank bldg., 708 Market fit.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes-. R.311. Mutual Sav. Bk.bld.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
indorser. MORKLL. <'.»!> Examiner building.
MOXEY WASTED.
$400 WANTED on choice suburban Iojts; Inter-
est 10 per cent. Address box 373. (jail office.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
aTl~uprights^
Kimbull. fancy walnut $30
<"ollard $37
Steinway $"O
Henry Herti $73
Occidental $82
J. & C. Fischer ....$99
3 Emrrsons. walnut, rosewood, mahog-
any, same as new, each $187
Colby, cannot be told from new ...$235
Chlckering : 1 . . .$187
2 Stelnways, large and small size, al-
' most new $195 -$325
Heine $475 «ty!e, slightly used $2S5
And 200 others.
All. pianos sold are guaranteed not to be de-
. foettve. Examine this list." We have never
had such a great variety at so low a price.
Rents. ?2 up; installments. $4 up. HEINE
PIANO CO.. £:5.'-237 Geary st.
OUR low price sale has been so successful
during the pai-t week that we shall continue
it for one week longer, as many who have
been looking have not been able to close.
Remember that all our pianos are included
in the offer. Easy payments if d«?ired. THE
ZEXO MAUVAIS MUSIC COMPANY. 709
Market st.
A FINE lot of bargains in seconi-hand planes.
Including such makes as Steinv.ay, Haines
Uros.. Knabe. Bp.us. Foster. Weber, Star,
Marshall & Wendell, Sterling and other
makes. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. lfl O'Far-
rell St.; no branches In San Francisco.
JUST arrived. 3 carloads new pianos, for rent
$3 mo.; 11 good second-hand pianos to be
sold at cost. Scott-Curtaz. 560 Hayes st.
A FEW unredeemed storage pianos (also fur-
niture) will be sold to pay storage dirt cheap.
WHITEHHAD'S storage. 16.10 Market St.
NEW pianos sold on $5 ' monthly payments.
JOS. SCHMITr. & CO.. 10 McAllister st.
A FISCHER upright piano tor sale; good as
new; $135. 237 Geary st.
$C5— UPRIGHT piano: Steck mahogany; nearly
new. HORNUNG BROS.. 210 McAllister st.
BEAUTIFUL 3-pedal Steinway upright piano;
perfect order Keeffe'8.2S5 O'Farrel I.
SOHMER. Byron Jlau-y pianos. Cecilian piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. HOS-312 Post st.
SUPERIOR violins, r.ithers. old and new. hT
MULLKR. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OKKICICS AND STOKES TO LEt!
NICE nre o'flce to let: also fine front desk
room. Call at 410 California St.. room 21.
rj PERSONALS.
GP.ADUATES of New York School of Massage.
Osteopathy, vapor and electric baths: face
vlbratinj; machine- for rheumatism; genuine
tubs, hot and ccld water; trained nurses as
attendants. Prof, and Mrs. Morris, 406 Oeary.
THE Star, Hair Remedy restores gray hair, im-
proves Its growth, slop's falling, cures dandruff
and Itching scalp; no stain or stlcklnesa;
cleanses scalp; at druggists', hairdressers';
accept no substitute, star Remedy Co.. 133S
Polk st. > ! « .
NOTICE— W. WITTI«AND & CO.. wholesale
fruit dealers, of 1*07 Washington St.. have
sold out' to the Independent ¦ Fruit Com-
pany. (Inc.). Jan. 12, 1904.
A NEW Idea in Jewelry and Central American
curios. Indian curtains, draperies, shawls,
*tc. ; the only store In the city that carries
thle. FROWISS & SON 1239 Polk, nr. Sutter
NOT. how cheap but how good is the motto of
the. manufacturers of the Rapid Rotary
Standard the sewing-machine of to-day. J.
W. EVANS, agent. 1021 Market st. •
PHYSICIAN. 15 years' experience, cares per-
manently morphine, cocaine habit. Call. or
address Central Pharmacy. 251 Grant are.,
corner Sutter st. : fee moderate, 'j .
FERNANDO KOHLBUSH will hear some-
thing to his advantage by calling or ad-
. dressing C. F. M.. 5S First st.; San Fran-
cl«>o. ¦-.-¦ i ¦ '-¦ ¦¦ ¦¦
INFLAMMATORY rheumatism and gout cured
tn 2 days. -Call or address 1198 Folsom St.,
6. F.; telephone Folsom 090.
MRS. -EATON, electric needle specialist, has
¦ moved t.i S«* Sutter. Lincoln blk., room 609
MISS EATON, to 233 Geary, room 33.-- - -
SPECIAL OFFER for 1 mo.; ladies' suits mads
to order; flr*t-class work: $10; with material
furnished $20 up. At M. WILSON. 380 Geary.
DRUNKENNESS, 'morphine and all drugs dls-
eases positively cured by Willow Bark Co.,
1839 Polk bt. : consultation free; call or write.
LIQUOR habit cured In 2 days or no charges;
¦guaranteed. Acme Liquor Cure Co.; S97 Mar-
ket it., room 203; phone South 751. ' -:
AT less than cost, uncalled for suits, overcoats,
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
¦ Tailor. 721. Market st.
SUPERFLUOUS hair, moles perm.- removed
, by electrolysis. Mrs. L. B. Johnson, Impost.
PERSONALS'— -Continued.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday, Saturday. Sun-
day evgs.. Teutonia Hall. Howard st. near
Bth: Prof. Foster; society dancing taught.
Bon Marche Pants Co. ; special $5 pants to or-
der. Rooms 14 & 16; 40 Ellis. Tel. Drumm 44.
MASQUERADE- costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 7X1 Mkt.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
tric needle. Dr. & Mrs. Traverse. 1170 Market.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pants $2 50»T
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color; $1; at all druggists'.
A BRANCH office of The CaTl for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 10(18 Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Ocen until 11 n. m. - . ;
MME. DEVAS, scientific palmist and astrolo-
gist; palm readings $1; ;; questions by ex-
I press, $1 ; open Tuesday eve. also. i:S!) Post st.
MME. NEERGARD. located at 242 Post: hours
1 to 5 daily. I'hone James 1. Classes.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific "palmtst. 015
Taylor St.. near Geary. Phone Flack 561.
PHYSICIANS AXD SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office andresldenc^
1021Vi Market St.. bet.' Cth and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
WANTED— M. D. that is registered for" Call- I
fornla and Utah. Call Hotel Dennis 24 I
Turk St.. DR. JKFFKRS. ' j
DR. M. MATSUDA lias returned from Orient.
Now at SE. corner Geary and Taylor sts.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a' specialty.
DR. BALL. 107."% Market nt.
REMOVED — DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body: for
past four years at 1J6-117 Mason; now lo-
cated a; GOT Geary St.. ;near Leavenworth.
DR. TONG PO CIIY. successor' to Dr. Ll Po
Tal, herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
W.OMG WOO.' the famous herb doctor— All, dis-
eases cured by Chinese hjerba. 746-3 Clay st.
; SPECIAL NOTICES. ™
THE secretary or the St. Francis GIrIa' ~£>U
, rectory Orphan Asylum herewith gives notice
that. the. following orphan, half-orphan and
abandoned boys and girls have been admitted
. to the a?ylum at Central avenue and iWaller
~ : street from- Jiily/l.-'lOOB, to January. 1, 1U04:
Hazel Kane, fi >rs; Claire Kane. 2 yrs: Haz-t
Roche. 30 j-rs; Margaret Roche. V.i yr?; Lil-
lie-Ivers, 7 yrs: Edna Ivers, « yrs;- Joseph
Smld, 4 yra: Klia Creque. « yrs 4 mos; Ger-
tie Robinson, I yr It mos; Edward Tansey,
1 7 yrs; Joseph Namnel, 5 - yn;- -Olander lie
Fresei, 0 yrt>; Hannah Murphy, 8 yrs; Patrick
Murphy. 4 jrs; Timothy Murphy, 3 yrs; An-
'nie Farrcn, 10- yrs: Manuel ;SIlvera. 5 yrs I
mos;- Andrew Varney.' 5 yrs; Noble 'Varney,
4 yre: Francis McCarthy. 8 yrs; Elsie Me-
Cartfiv. C. yrs ;• Irvin "McCarthy. 4 yra; Eve-
lyn McCarthy. 13 yrs; Allan McCarthy, 12
yrs; Paul Papeera. a yrs; Peril Papeera, 2
yrs; Francis HornbecV, 12 yrs; George P,o-
han, 6 yrs; Frank Cacace, 4 yrs; Annl»
O'Connor. 10 yrs; Ruth Courtland, 11 yrs,
¦ Daisy Sargent, 5 yrs 0 mos; Harry Holver-
. eon. 7 yrs; Mary Matthews, 6 yrs; Rose. Mat-
thewB ft yrs: Frank Matthews. 2 yrs it mos;
¦ Joseph Waters, C yrs 0 mos; Thornas Waters.
4 yrs 5 mos; Ruth Smith, 10 yrs; Mary Mag-
'Kio. 10 yrs: Raphael Matrgio, 8 yrs; Louisa
Koenig, U yrs; John Reardon. .' 6 yrs; Eddie
Reardon, 4 yrs; Mabel Adams, 8 yrs; George
Adams, fi yrs; Frank Adams, 5 yrs; Harold
' Spregue, 10 yrs; Lesley Spregue. S yrs; Marln
Dremland, 6 yrs;- Victor Drendand. 3 yrs:
Loney Wolf, .2 yra 0 mos: Stella Panla. 10
yrs 6 mos: Dorothy Roe. 12 yrs:- Mary Clark,
10 yrs; Agnes -Clark,- 9 yrs :{ ¦ mo9; 'Annie
Clark. .7 yrs; Catherine Clark, fi.yrs; Frank
Iver3, 4 yrs; Madeline Clark. 2 yrs; David
Mitchell, S yrs 4 mos; Ro*" Mitchell. 6 yrs
• 11 mos: Catherine Coyle. S yr»; Dan Coyle,
. « yrs: Francis Coyle, 5 yre: Hannah Coyle.
2 yr"; Francis Everdlng, 5 yrs: Thomas
j Everd(ng. 2 yrs: Mary Schluch, 10 yrs:
George Vosiae. '.I yrs; Leo. Goethals, 7 yrs:
Herbert Kairies. S yrs; Rose Kairies, -0 yrs;
Isabella Bttlella. 7 yrfe: Ellen Ante. 11. yrs; '
George Tracy. 6 yrs; George Hunter, 7 yrs 6
mos; Henry Foster. S yrs: Eva Narvis. 7
yrs; Josephine Narvl». 5 yrs; Ira Majnhurir,
5 yrs; Leonard Malnburs:, 7 yrs; Mary Caro-
line Nowlan, 6 yrs It mos.
CAN YOU WIN?
The'ROCKTON ("Big Fpur") Rules
for Race Playing are truly wonder-
ful in results, and "
YOU CAN WIN! . % *
by followins: the Rockton: no tips;
no guesswork; no one handles your
money; you play It yourself, and
pain moderate, steady returns. The
ROCKTON. Is honest, trustworthy.
The young need not apply. Private
office, room », 1802 Market. Hours,
0 to 12 a. m. X;j;
THE Pacific Hebrew Orphan Asylum and Horn?
Society, hereby notice that they have
admitted Inlo the orphanage from July .1,
100.J. to January -1. 1904, the following-
named orphans and half-orphans, hoys and
girls, viz.: Rebecca Rabtnowltz, aged X
yrs. 4 racs. ; Tony Rablnowltz. aged 5 yrs. !)
mos.; Lillle Goldberg, aged 8 yrs. 4 moe.;
Itoslf Goldberg, aged C yrs: Israel Forman,
aged 4 yrs* 5 znoc. ; Rebecca Fabian, aged C>
yrs. 2 n^os. : Philip Fabian, aged 7 yr». 11
mos.; Fanny Fabian, aged C yrs. ,3 mos.;
Julius Cf.hen. aired 4 yrg. S mos.: Pauline
Ghinsburg, 11 yr?. 3 mos.
NOTICE is hereby- given that the Maria Kip
Orphanage of 520 Lake st.. San Francisco,
has received the following orphan and half-
orphan girls from July 1. 190'J. to January
1 1904: Violet K. Lundberg. 0 years; Ma-
bel CampbeiJ. 12 years; Margaret Campbell,
0 years; Amy K. Rice. 8 years; Bessie E.
Cook 12 years; Elizabeth Kerr. 4 years;
Annie Herrold. 12 years: Elizabeth Herrold,
10 years: Ida Herroid. 9 years: Alice Her-
rold 8 years: Hilda Herrold. 4 years; 'Ida
Rule. 8 years: Mabel E. Rule. 7 years; Dor-
othy R. Au Buchon. 12 years: Ruth Lojil«e
Au Buchon, 8 years; Thelma Haven. 4 years.
THE following children have been entered at
the San Francisco Nursery for Homeless
Children: George James Miller, age 1 vear;
Anita Mulligan, age 5% years; Joseph Mulli-
gan, age 3>/j years, and Veronica Mulllgin,
age 2 yeare, all half orphans.
CHEAPEST and best in America — The Weekly
Call. 10 - pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for ¦$!¦
STORAGE WAREHOUSES^
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; turnltureT
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731' Howard st.. nr. Third: Dbone -Grant lfil.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Btorag? & Moving Co.. of"
. flee Post and Powell sts.; tel. Prive. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'S storage — furniture and merchan-
dise. •"<¦';.'! Golden Gate ave.: phone East I-'S.
GOLDEN : West Storage; advances made; 'S1Q
Mlfgion st.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany.. 2320 FUlmora M. ; phone Jackson 2S1.
BEK1NS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
St.: tel. Main VMI>. Shipping at cut rates
AXD SUPPLIES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington, No.- 1
Smith Premier. $25; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices: rentals $2 50. The
Typewriter Exchange. 53G California at.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 pach; get par-
ticulars of L. A M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gomery Et.
A typewriter at any prU-e; agents Fay-Sholes.
$100; Sun. $40: Commercial, .«;{.'>: Poftal $°5
CUNNINGHAM, CURTIS3 A WELCH.' " '
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired
Webster Typewriting Ingpec. Co.. SOS Market.
LEGAL AOVERTISRMRXts!
CENTRAL PACIFIC RAILWAY COMl'WY
FIRST REFUNDING MORTGAGE KONDS—
Notice is, hereby given that, pursuant to the
provision cf Article Eight of the mortcaee
from this Company to the Central Trust Com.
pany of New York. Trustee, datisl August 1
1S99. this Company has set apart cut of. the
¦ net income derived by it from the linei or
railroad therein mortgaged the sum of Twen-
ty-five thousand dollars In trust t<? be used
to redeem said bonds, and that bonds issued
under said mortgage will be redeemed there-
with and bids are Hereby invited for the sur-
render of euch bonds at prices to !>• named by
the bidders, to the amount re.juisita to ex-
haust tald sum. Such bids should be pre-
sented to this Company at its otfice 120
Broadway, in the City of New Turk, on or
before the 1st day of February, 1904, at
twelve o'clock noon, and should- be indorsed
"Bids for Surrender of Central Paciao'Rall-
way. Company First Refunding BonJs."
CENTRAL PACIFIC RAILWAY COMPANY
. w-- By E. H. HARRIMAN. President.
yew York.; January -2.' l»04. -¦ --¦.-. .
, PHOIMIS V|^J7~ :
PROPOSALS for purchase of U. S. Quarter-
master's Property. Office of Depot Quarter-
master, 38 New Montgomery St., San Fran- :
Flsco, Cal.. January 12. 1004.— Sealed pro-
poeals, in triplicate, for the purchase of 175
Khaki-covered Cork Helmets and 13.203 Arc-
tic Overshoes (one. buckle) will be received in
this office until 10 o'clock 'a.' m., February 2,
' 1904,". and then opened.' The Government re-
. serves the right to reject any or alt proposals.
' Envelopes containing, proposals : should be
Indorsed "Propofials for purchase of Quar-
f termaeter's property,'. 1 and addressed . to the
Depot Quartermaster,' U.S. Army, San Fran-
cisco, Cal. Further particulars furnished . on
• application. ' r , ,
HEAL ESTATE — CITY— FOR SALE.
W J. GUNN,
030 California st.
(Savings Union "Building).
$1730 — Union, sunny side, near Brod?rick; 25x
ICO; marine view; «-aey terms; $25(> first
payment; easy installments; ready* for
building.
: $.13C0— Corner on Union st.; S-T.xllO.
$2350— HE. cor. Wi-bster and Filbert sta. ; 25\
UK); $150 llrs<t payment; a few steps from
tbo Union and Fillmore »t. cara.
$3225 — Nff. cor. I-ake st. and Fifth ave.;
27:(ixI00; $15*J iirst payment; Saeramento-
st. cars pass every few mln-Jtes.
S100O-r2 choice lots, 50xl'-M. E..llne of Elev-
¦ enth sve., just X, of Clement St., with the
m.irine view.
?400 — Choice lot; ready for building: Twenty-
first ave., m-nr 1-clr.t Lobos; 2. r >xl20.
$4i>00 — Very cheap; Point I/Obos ave. corner;
45X1W: 2-story well-fcullt house; store on
corner; c!ok« to 3 lines of cars; a grand
bargain.
$.1750— Clement st. : 3 business lota; 2Gxll5.
itiiiCO — Larkin; 2 flats; 7 rooms and bathroom
in each: marine virw; 41:3-foot frontage;
rents $45.
$r»O,<H«V— Pacific Height?: 2 corners; 275x137:6;
grand marine view.
W.-J. GUNN. MO California st.
LOTS, N cr S aide cf Golden Gate Park, pur-
chased by W. J. GUNN. 630 California st.
CALIFORNIA House Wrecking Co. pays th«
highest price for buildings and will wreck
the largest building completely within 10
days. Northwest corner Mission and Tenth
sts.. efnee and yard. ¦
$150 EACH — 2 lots on Buena Vista ave.. 2
blocks of 29th and Mission: easy t2rms. D.
COFFIN & CO.. 3303 Mlssion_st._
FOK rale — Lot 25x100. with 2-story building,
store and 10 rooms and barn. Owner. 133C
Alabama st. -
BUILD on your unimproved realty: we loan
full cost Improv. and part lot at 6 per cent.
MANHATTAN LOAN. CO.. Crocker building.
$14,0<:o— 4~ NEW flats of 5 rooms, near Park;
strictly mouerr.: rents 3122 50. Box 262. Call.
LATEST system sanitary plumbing. Phone
. Ahlbach & Mayer, plumbers. S.1C Howard «t.
POINT RlCtUlO X O_njB A_I, K ST AT B .
4 LOTS cheap for ensh. 32S Bush St.. room
4. third floor. ' £__
WATER front lots and bargains: all tracts;
maps, photos, etc. BELL. 417 Parrott bid*.
.REAL ESTATE — Country — For Snle.
71S ACPES near Mayfleld. 11 miles from San
Jose: 100 acres full bearing prunes; largs
vineyard: all good land: water piped every-
houses*. stables, barns, etc.: fenced In 5 fields;
cost S1C0.O00: -vnce $50,000. THORNE &
KILPATR1CK. JVJ Bush St.. San Francisco.
IN EVmhurst— f!2oO; for sale on . account of
foreclosure of mortgage; 10-room house; 0
lots; containing fruit orchard, barn, well.
Call on G. UREESEH, 12 Mission St.. S. F.
$10 A MONTH buys a 10-aere farm.
$200 profit per annum per acre.
Write for booklet. It's free. COS J st. •
WRIGHT & KIMBKOUGH. Sacramento, Cal,
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards: inspected bargains; monthly cata-
lcgucs sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. C43
Market st. ¦
ALAMEDA ADVERTIS'MENTS
A LAMED A REAL ESTATE.
HERE'S a bargain; cpttaee. 5 large rooms,
$2500: $1300 cash; street and sanitary im-
provements; superb marine view; surf bath-
ins. A. F. ST. SURE, attorney, room 120S
Claus Spreckels building. San Francisco.
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'M'NTS
BKRKELKY MEAL ESTATE.
BAROAINS-f-We buy, se'l. exchange or build.
MURDOCK fc CO.. Lorin Station. Berkeley.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BK0ADWAY.
OAIvLAXI) REAL ESTATE.
BARGAIN — For sale, nice home. 4 rooms, bath
and hlKh basement: fruit trees and chicken
houses; lot B0xlSB:l; block from the new
line ferry. Key route. CH. TESCHIEN, 210
Hollis St., North Oakland. .
FOR sale — 10 acres of land In the suburbs of
Oakland; well located to subdivide and sell
lots; electric cart* to the property; chance to
make Sr.C<X>. E. BISHOP, 460 Tenth St.,
Oakland. •
OAKLA.NI> FPnXITMKK KOU MALES.
TO^M^RltO^T^he^dajnfoPbargalns in furnl-
ture. H. Schellhaaa. 11th st..cor.store. Oakland..
ROOMS FOR ItOUSEIvEEPIXG.
ELLIS. 1000 — 2 large furnished rooms for
housekeeping: gas, phone, bath: $13.
FELL,. 1~*j — Elegantly newly furnished suite,
with kitchen.
FRANKLIN. 4">— Sunny connecting house-
keeping rooms; $15; also single. $6, $3, $10.
GEARY, 408 — Three sunny nicely furnished
housekeeping rooms.
GEART, 1002 — Nicely furnished sunny rooms,
en sul.te or single; housekeeping privilege*;
running water: £&s; reasonable.
GEARY, 1381 — Elegantly furnished suite of 3
rooms; drawing-room; single room.
HARTFORD. 70, bet. ltth and 18th— 3 sunny
housekeeping rooms; new flat; adults only.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. IZtO Pin« s»...
* near Hyde — Kunny :<-room furnished suites;
steam heat: electric lighted; free baths;
ratea $30 up.
MODEL House. 120« Stockton — Newly furnished
hskpg., single rn.s.. $5-§12: gas. bath, phone.
POLK. 1020. near Geary— Neatly furnished
front housekeeping rooms; reasonable.
SHOTWELL. 211. .near Sixteenth— A sunny
suit* of houFekeening rooms.
, i?ARTMEKT HOXTSSS.
EL CARMELO— nratiliful ppartment house;
Jupt " completed. ¦ 1710 Washington St., near
Van Ness ave.; 3, 1, ft and 0 rooms and bath
with each; .finished in natural woods; tiled
bath rooms, etc.: genteel residence location;
convenient to car lines; rooms l»rs« ami
sunny; must be seen to be appreciated.
MON1CLAIR APARTMENTS.
Corner Pine »nd Taylor sts. : beaut'ful new
modern apartments; all sunny corner suites;
lurnished or unfurnished; none superior; ma-
rino view. LYON & HOAG, UC Montgomery.
THE GABLES. — —
Cor. Clay and Larkin sts. — Modern 3-4-S-room
up-to-date apartments; furnished or unfur-
nished; all latest conveniences; reservations
can be made on premises. 1 to 4; terms reas.
ST. CECILfc, 115 Fell, above Van Ness— The
acme of perfection in elegantly furn. .'l-room
apartments; private baths, steam heat, elec.
lights, elevator, gas ranges; $30 to ?55.
ST. LOUIS. 1573 Jackson st.— Modern 3-4-B
rooms, ulso eincle; furnished or unfurnished;
marine view; now open; references.
IIADDON HALL. ~^ *
051 EDDY ST. REFERENCES.
APARTMENTS WANTED.
WANTED — An apartment of 4 rooms furnished
complete! state price and location. Box 251.
.O»ll office.
FURNISHED "-room apartment wanted; close
in. Box 253. Cart I office.
HOOJI5 TO LET — Furn. mid Unfnrn.
AURORA, corr.er Second and Folsom sts. — New
house, new furnlturer every njom outside:
modern and surny;'- prices from $1 50 per
' week up; this is the only up-to-date house In
. this vicinity: first-class grill attached, t
A— BRUNSWICK House, 14S Sixth st.— Rooms
25c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
ABERDEEN. 836 Sutter— Just opened; hand-
Eotnely fur. : cor. suites; bath; sun all day;
'-.. fine view; single rmt.; tourists: excl. location.
AT "The Almonte," 873 Market at. (or No. I
Fifth st->— Rooms. 25c. 50c. $1. $1 50 night;
tl 50 to $10 week: house open all night.
BUSH, 012. near Jones— Private residence: 3
- exceptionally large connecting ffnfumlsbed
. rooms; carpets and .curtains; every ¦ modern j
convenience; 2 very handsomely furnished
¦ rooms (renovated), bath attached; references. '
BURNETT. 1428 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished..
BUSH, 1C2»— 2 or Driight rooms, suite; running
water; suitable for doctor or dentist.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, corner Mason — Elegantly
¦ furnished sunny rooms: prices reasonable.
FILL.MOP.E. 926, nr. McAllister— Nicely fur-
nished room 'in fine locality; car line passes
door; reasonable; bath; ras; phone, f
FRANKLIN. 721. nr. G. G.\ ave.— Sunny, furn.
> front rooms; suitable for 2; all convenience*.
of the Fourth Congregational Church. Ches-
ter A. Juilah and Sarah E. Gardner, botbi
cf San Francisco.
WARE— STEWART— In this city. January 12.
1SHM. by the Rev. W. •• E. Dugan. pastor of
Second U. P. Church. John F. Ware of Lo«
Angrles and Mabel M. C. f^ewart of San
Franrisro.
DIED.
Amaya. Bernlce C. Kaveny. Anna II. !
Arnheim. Saul Kelly. Ellen
Baker. Charles Lehrke. Eva C.
Hake r. Orman F. McNamara."- Patrick
Haumann. Bertha Magnes. Sophie
Beete. NVIIle x Mrsaptay. l^my II. .
Bnmer. Joseph' Mull in. James
Browne. Walter P. Mulloy. Kate M.
Busch. John Myers, Sarah
Cluney. Catherlna I. Pullack. Johanna
Cohl. Abraham » Popprr. Charles
Dooley. William T. l»uttick. William
Farr. Kathrrine Rtiey. Jame*
Foote. John Koxburg. Retta ¦
(iahag-an, John Sims. Susie A.
Gorman, Mary A. Smith, Mamie
Graham. Irene E. i-'prang>r. Loui3« A.
Henrekaun. Herman Stutz. William
Hulmes. Thomas tiulllvan, James W.
Huff. Eugenia A. Wlllcox, Emma J.
Kaher. Mary D. Wln.«or, Augustus.
Kauftmann,. H. C. W. "* ,.
AM ATA— In this city. January 13, 1904. Ber-
niee C. Amaya. dearly beloved daughter of
John and Rose Amaya, anil granddaughter
of Mr. and Mm. Chimera Amaya. a native
of San Kranc-lsco. aged 4 years " month*
and 4 days>.
ARNIIEIM— In this cltv, January 14. ltKM.
Saul, beloved husband of Rosa Arnheltn.
and father of Abe. Aaron. Morris anil Hattla
Arnhetm and Mrs. J. C March of Sacra-
mento, a native of Xakel, Prussia, aged TtJ
years.
BAKER— In Alameda. January 13, 1904,
Charles Baker, husband of Mrs. C. Baker,
fathtr of Woetma-n. Arthur. Harry and
Maud Baker, a native of England, aged 54
years.
C7Frtend9 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invitnl to attenil the funeral services
Friday, January 15, 1904. at 11 o'clock, at
the funeral parlors of James Fowler, 15-11
Park street. Alameda. Interment Evergreen
Cemetery.
BAKER— At his residence. 1822 McAllister
street. January 12. 19Ot. Orman F., beloved
son of Thomas F. and Elizabeth Baker, and
brother of Mrs. A. Chapman and Krederiefc
Floyd. Lillian Winter and Wayne Baker. a>
native of Kansas, ased 23 years 2 months
and 17 days. A member of the Eagles
Lodge No. 218 of Chioo and of the Third
Congregational Church Cadets. (lola. Kans.,
papers ple/ase copy.)
E7Frlend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Friday, January 10. lt»04. at 11 o'elock. at
the mortuary chaael of the Golden Uate
Undertaking Company. 2475 Mission street.
near Twenty-first. Remains at his lat*
lesldence until Friday, at lit o'clock. Inter-
ment Cvnress I.awn Cemetery.
B.UMANN— In this city. January 13. 1004.
Bertha, dearly beloved wife of Frank Bau-
mann. mother of Frank Jr.. Fred and ts«
late Baby Baumann. and sister of Mrs.
Elizabeth Werlen, Mrs. Anna Norton and
Emit Sehaerer. a native of Canton Berne.
Switzerland, aged 2S years It months and 13
days.
E7FrIenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at l:'.l(> o'clock, from the parlors
of II. F. Suhr & Co.. 11.T7 Mission street,
between Seventh and Elehth. thence to St.
Anthony's Church. Army and FoUom »treets,
where services will be held, commencing at '£
o'clock. Interrr>»nt Holy Cross Cemetery-
BEETE— In this citr. January 14. V.M>4. Nellia
lieete. a native of Iowa. a?cd 22 years.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral service*
to-day (Friday), at ID o'clock, at the Ger-
man Hospital.
BREMER— In this city, January M. 19O*. Jo-
seph, beiovtd father of Anne 11. and Her-
man J. Bremer, a native of Germany, ag'd
75 y^ars.
C7"Frlen'j3 are respectfully invited to at-
tend th-5 funeral services to-day (Friday).'
nt 2 o'clock, at his late residence, 134."»
O'Farrell street. Interment private. Please
omit flower*.
BROWNE— In Tucson. Ariz.. January 12. 1904.
Walter Percy, beloved husband of Mattie
Fairchlld Browne, father of Walter Stev-
ensen, Roy and Frances Browne, and nephew
of Emily C. Browne, a native of Canada,
aged :w years.
CyFrlonds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday. January 17. 1!MM. at 1:30 o'clock,
at the chapel of C. H. J. Truman Company.
in(X> Mission street, b'tween Fifteenth and
Sixteenth. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery, by -electric funerat car from corner
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
BUSCH — In Oakland. January tt 19O4. John.
¦ beloved son of John and Christine 1 Busch. a
native of Oakland, aged S years 6 months
and 22 days.
CLUNEY— In this citr, January 13. 1304.
Catherine Il^ne. dearly beloved daughter of
Dennis and Elizabeth Cluney. and sister of
John and AloyMus Cluney and the late Sis-
ter Mary Annes of the Notre Dame Convent,
a native of San Francisco. (Los Angelea
papers please copy. >
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 8:.10 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents, 1116 Hampshire street, thencs
to St. Peter's Church, where a solemn r»-
qulem high mass will be celebrated for tha
repose of h»r soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cress Cemetery.
COHL, — In this city. January 14. 1904. Abra-
ham, beloved husband of the late Mina Cohl,
and father of the late Mrs. R. Rosa of Sac-
ramento, Leopold and Mo Cohl and Mr». F.
E. Conn, a native of. Kalish, Poland, aged
C7, years.
tTFriends and acquaintances and mem-
bers of Crerrleux Ixjdse, I. O. B. B., Nor-
man Lodge. K. of H.. and Chebra B'nal
Israel an» respectfully invtt«d to attend th»
funeral to-day (Friday), at 1O:3O o'clock,
from M» late residence. l»i::2 Buchanan
street. Interment Salem.. Cemetery, by elec-
tric funeral car frcm Eighteenth- and Guer-
rero streets at 11:30 o'clock. Pleas? emit
• flowers.
DOOLET— In this city. January 14. 1D04. at
his residence. 5 Perry strwt. William T..
beloved son of Thomas and Maria Dooley.
and brother of John. George. Robert. Annla
V.. Elizabeth M. and Matilda Dooley. a
native of San Francisco, aged 23 year* 1
month and l'.t days.
FARR— In this city. January 13, 1904, Kath-
erine, daughter of Albert and Margaret
Farr, a native of San Francisco, aced 1
year.
FOOTE— In this city, January 12. 1304. JoM
Foote-.
C7" Remains at the parlors of th» Western
Addition Funeral Directors. 1724 Devisadero
street, between Sutter and Bush.
GAHAGAN— In this city. January 14. li)O4. at
the residence. 171 Wood street, John, be-
loved husband of Afartha Gahacin, son of
Thomas and the late Margarrt Gahaean.
brother of Thomas Gahagan. and nephew of
MIsk Mary Nolan, a native of Milford. Ma?a.,
aged 38 years It months and 22 days.
GORMAN— In this citv, January 14. 19O4.
Mary A., beloved wife of Thomas Gorman.
and mother of Maud. Mary I*, and Arthur
P. Gorman, a native of L'tlca, N. T., aged
64 years and 27 days.
CTRemains at the parlors of McKadd'm.
McBrearty £• Green. 1171 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. ¦
GRAHAM — In Colma. San Mateo County. Jan-
uary 12. 19O4. Irene Kdna. beloved wife of
Samuel F. Graham, daughter of Mary and
William Anderson, and sister of Edgar.
Winum. Lillian. Frankie and Mabel An-
derson, a native of Oakland. Cal.
C7The funeral will take place to-day
. (Friday). A requiem mars will b« cele-
brated at St. Ann's Church. Colma. at !»:::(>
o'clock. Interment private In .Holy Cross
Cemetery.
HENREKSON — In this city. January 1 1. 1!H>1.
Herman, beloved brother of L. and Artmt
Henrekson. a native of Finland, as-ed 27
years.
HOLMES— In this city. January 14. 1904. at
his residence. 31 IB Harrison street. Thomas
Holires. dearly beloved son of George and
Catherine Holmes, or.d brother of John
Holmes. Mrs. Catherine Meyers and th» late
George and Molly Holmes, a native of San
Francisco, aged SO years.
HUFF— In this city, January 1.7. 1D04. Eu;«-
nia A., beloved wife of A. Huff, and mother
of Lulu A. pnd the late Etta E. Dutton, a
native nf NVw York.
£7 Funeral at parlors of undertakei-4 at
429 Gold»n Gate avenue, Saturday. January
Itt, at 11 o'clock. Interment urivate. .•
KAHER— In thl» city. January 13. 19O4, Mary
L>., beloved daughter of Rcsanna and tha
late Daniel Kaher. and sijfr of Patrick M..
Daniel. John, George H. and Frederick P.
Kaher, Mrs. J. N. McDonald. Mrs. James
Rose and Mrs. G. II. Barton, a native of
San Francisco, aged 31 years 4. months and
13 days.
C7Friends and acquaintances are, respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 8:3O o'clock, from the residence
Con tinned on l'age Fourteen^.
HENRY J. CALLACHER CO.
(Successors to Flannagan ft Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND E1IBALMEP.3.
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
Funeral Directors "and Enjbalmers— — •
Formerly in Metropolitan Temple.
Now at See MISSION. Tel. South 1«7.
Between Fourth and Fifth, near Flfta at.
. Finest Equipments at Moderate Rates.
James McGinn. Henry Haasea. I
JAMES McGINN It CO.. I
Formerly With McGinn Bros.. I
.—^Funeral Directors and Embalm tn I
214 Eddy St.: TeL South 87«. , : {
ROOMS TO LET— Forn. and Pnfirn.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 50o
to V SO night: $1 to $3 week: reading-room.
JESSIE^ 303^ east V. S. Mint— Furnished
. roomsi $3 and $6 per month.
JONES. 019— Comfortably furnished room; prl-
• vate family; all 'Conveniences; cheap.
LARCHMONT. S«l gutter— Sunny rooms: «lec-
tric lights; elevator; central; transient.
LARKIN. »17 — Nice sunny rooms; bay-window
and single rooms.
A1ANIIEIM. CS2 , Suttir— Sunny front rooms;
strictly first cla.is; transient. '
O'FARRELL. 332— Handsomely furnished back
parlor; orivate family; rent reasonable.
Plerpont, 4SU Ellis — Connecttns; mis., suitable
doctor; other rms. ; elev. ; hot & cold water.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis — lncandejcent lights,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par.
lor; rooms per night. 35c to $1 SO; week. )2
to $%; month. $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; bath*.
ST. JAMES. McAllister and Laguna— A sunny
fyrntshed single room; rent $7.
STEINER, 907 — 2 sunny connecting rooms;
man and wife or gentlemen singly; running
water; bath; phone; private family.
TAYLOR, Its — Nicely furnished sunny front
suite; also single front rooms. $2 to 95 week.
THE FREMONT. 1S64"MARKET ST.— Strictly
first-class elegantly furn. rooming hotel.
Tel. South 11.T3. Capt. 11. O. Ulberg. Prop.
UNITED STATES. 12.1 Eddy, near Market— 400
rooms. 35c to $1 night. $1 73 to $G week; elec-
tric lights (no K*s). running water In every
room; elevator, read. -room; fre* bus; baggage.
VAN NESS,* 519— Handsome sunny furnished
suites and'slngle rooms; all conveniences.
"WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. near Market—
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
2S<? to $1 'O night: $2 to $8 week; elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room: free bus; baggag*.
WOLF House, 202 Sixth— Electric light in
every room; room from 15c to $1 per night.
75c to $5 per week: op»n all nlsbt.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions recetved at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Churca sU.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions ha» been
opened at IOCS Market St., opposiU Fifth.
Open^until 11 p. m. •
ROOMS AXD BOARD.
BOARD ar.d room for two. $05; the room is
large and sunny, with bay-window, 2 large
closetn. hot and cold water, bath and use of
phone; all modern conveniences; only a few
minutes' walk from Call building. Address
box 374, Call office.
A LARGE front sunny room and board; parlor
floor; gas, bath. and telephone; private fam-
ily: no other boarders; rate for man and
wife. $.">0; single. $."50; references exchanged,
liox 350, Call office.
— — HOTEL HATTON —
977 Pine. nr. Taylor; • elegantly furnished
suites; private bathe; all. modern conven-
iences; excellent table.
BOARD, and nicely furnished front room;
everything new, newt and clean; can only ac-
commodate two persons; references. Bex 305,
Call office.
LEAVENAVORTH. 1400. near Washington —
Handsomely furnished rooms ami unites for
gi'ntl'tnen; brenkfasts; reasonable. Telephone
East 12O.-5.
ELEGANT front, sunny alcove room; running
water, gas, bath: suitable for 2. with board;
private family; also another room. 1224 Gold-
en Gate ave.; phone Steiner 3C28.
CALIFORNIA. 1248 — Most select location In
modern, elegantly furalsh%] prlvat* bom?;
table unsurpassed; marine view.
HOTEL~MARTIXET7GMry it. ced Van Ness
ave.. has changed hands; hereafter conducted
first-class family hotel; table board specialty.
POWELL. 502, cor. Putter — Large sunny cor-
ner room for 2; terms reasonable; also single
room.
HOTEL ELSMERE. 418 Sutter— Sunny rooms;
excellert table; from $40; single $25.
NEWPORT, 101S Pine, near Taylor— Large sun-
ny fcultes; alto single room; excellent table.
THE NIRA. 615 Taylor— Nicely furnished, sun-
ny suites; also single; excellent table.
Stevenson mansion. 807 California — Fine rooms;
new chefs: colored service: table specialty.
O'FARRELL. 308 — Furnished rooms: bom*
cooking; German family; $6 per week.
ROOMS AND BOARD WASTED.
WANTED — By Jewish young man. permanent-
ly situated in Frisco, room and board with
respectable private family; near center of
business section preferred. Address, giving
price3, etc.. Permanent, box 3S4, Call office.
WANTED — Board and pleasant room for an
rldeily lady in a refined, quiet family; a
homelike place; state rates. Box 423, Call.
A ROOM and board wanted for a gentleman;
give rates and location. Box 415. Call office.
m>^l^^\VAJ<TKD.
WANTED — 3 rooms furnished complete- for
housekeeping. Address, stating rent, box
?'J7. Call office.
J» KWIXG MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES
$10 SO— NEW Improved drop-head nlckel-flnlsh.
guarantred V* years; sr.cond-hand sewing ma-
chines $2 50. $3. J4. National Sewing Machine
Co.. 145 Sixth &t.: phone Jessie 313tf.
NEW HOME — See our n«w triple-feed ma-
chines: slightly used; $10. $15, $20; second-
hand. $3. $.*>. $8: all styles: guaranteed. New
Hoire Sewing Machine Co..' 1051 Market st
STUTTEKiy. AXD. STAMMEHIXQ.
MELBOURNE School. Van Ness-Market — Cur*
in every case: Individual teaching; no madl-
clne. Inquire into wonderful cures: home cur*.
DIVIDEXD XOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Tha Nevada National
Bank of San Francisco: At a regular meet-
ing of the board of directors of, this bank,
held January 6. ' 1904. a dividend was . de-
clared for the half year ending December
31, 1803, at the ra*e of seven <7) per cent
per annum, payable on and qfter the 15th
lnst. ; transfer book* will be closed from tb«
10th to the 15th. lnst., both days inclusive.
GEORGE GRANT. Secretary.
San Francisco, January 5, 1904.
SAN FRANCISCO and Suburban Home Build-
ing Society, bth floor. Mutual Savings Bank
building. 70S. Market St.. opposite Third —
For the half-year ending 31st at December.
19C3. a dividend has been declared at the
rate, per annum of (12) twelve per cent on
capital stock and participating certificates.
free of taxes, payable on anil after SATUR-
DAY January 2. 1004. JOSEPH A. L.EO.V-
ARD. Manager. HUGH CRAIG. Secretary.
MARRIAGE^_L.ICEXSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Jostrn T. Corpstein. 37, Saratoga, and Mary
E. McCarthy. 33, Saratoga. . ¦
James A. Currlvan, 2S, 1419 Valencia street,
and Ella I. Manning, 22. 30.1 Dolore» street.
Richard Davis, 21, 1419 Valencia street, and
Mary C. Hlsgins. 19, 1411) Valencia street.
Harry L. Dillon, 25. 1S21 Lyon street, and
Rose F. Bohme. 20. 5913 California street.
Charles J. Phelen. 20. 161.1 Scott street, and
Tlllle S. Macphee. 21, 41S Thirteenth street.
Matteo Clampra. 21. 1214 Kearny streM. and
Maria Ragglero, 15. 416 Green street.
Antonio Pullla. -.21. l.">6 Clementina street,
and Caterlna Falva. 22. 15G Clementina street.
Eug«-ne D. Swartout. 2ft, 279 O'Farrell
street, and Grace A. Ridley. 22. 67 Wood st.
Matthew J. McLaughlin. 30. 7 Boyce str?et.
and Esther E. Johnson. 24. 70C*i Pine street.
Charles Loo«li, 47, city, and Charlotte
Homer, 48. city. •
David Carlamano. 21, 419 Union street, and
GabrK'I .Lorepzo, IS. 41B'.<, Gr?en street. |
John 'Olson. 24, 772 Hush street, and Eleo-
nora D. Johnson, 23, 772 Bush street.
Alfred Anderson. 23. 772 Bush street, and
Elin GustafKon. 23, 722 Bush street.
Harry B. Hales. .12. 244 Sixth street, and
Julia M. McDonald. 22. 244 Sixth street.
Daniel J. Haley. 29. San Rafael, and Sa-
blr.a A. Kenny. 25, San Rafael.
Thomas Kojinia. 37, Presidio, and Hani
Ilirauke. 32, 114 Broderick street. .
: BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
¦ Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. Th»y must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorised to have the lame published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once In this column
free of charge.
BORX.
MENGEL— In this ilty, January 14, 1904. to
the wife of, A. L. Mengel. a daughter.
MILLER— In • Oakland, January 14, 1904. to
the wife of Wealey W. Miller, a daughter.
NIGHTINGALE— In- this " city. January . 12.
¦lOOt. to the wife of Ed Nightingale, a son.
MARRIED.
DIBBLE— BISCHOFF— In this Ja nu «J7
- 14 100*. at St. Mary's Cathedral, by th*
r^v John- J. Prendersast. vicar general.
Warren Dibble and Caroline Blschofi.
JUDAH-GARDNER-In this city. January
14, 1904, by the Rev. E. I*. .^Vals, pastor
FIXAXCIAL.
COMPANIES Incorporated, financed and stock
floated. W. H. BITTNER, Lawyer and Fl-
canclal Agent. 2^2 Emma Spreckeis bldg.
IIELP W ANTED— FEMALE.
COOK. Fri-sll sanitarium *-<»
Cook, no washing S<"
4 cooks, with and without washing. .$:{O-S'd
~ jiarlor maids $ ; >"
R second rirls *2o-$2r!
;•.:.•¦• nurse *-•'
KugliFh nuis«' f.:r country $301
2 kitchen helper* F20-S25 .
Waitress, cnantry. fare hore $2.'>
4 hotel wai!i«>fc«>s. city 120. *2T> and <:!7 . r .o
44 luiuip sirls. < ily, Alameda. Oakland. Ross
Vallpy, San Rafa.< 1, Santa i'rur. and all near-
by tows at the »»est of wag?!*. Apply to J.
F. CTtOSBTT *c CO., 334 Sutter *t.
A— WANTED — Girls to f Iearn hatrdrt-ssinB.
manicuring, etc.: trade tuueht from A to '/•
in 2 we-:1i.«; S3 to those entering now; .'{ po-
BlttOOS tn fill Immediately; positions Kuaran-
tf-ed at flu i>er we*k up; loading t-ihool in
Weet. '£V> Geary *t., room l.'t.
A — Girl!! to 1 ;irn millinery now fcr !=prinp !»'a-
•on: both seasons taught from start to finish
' in 1 month for $15: positions us trimmers.
talesladi'-s. etc., guaranteed at f 10 per wk. up;
day and • venlr.s cldi-F. 143 Stockton st.. r. 13.
A— LADIES to learn all branches hairdresBtae
trade, manicuring, masyace, elc. 12.'K> Mar-
ket st.. cor. Jon»s, room «4; positions secured
at highest wages; day and ev«». clas»s: call.
BERING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETER?; NO EXPERIEJiCB KBCKSSARY:
PAJD SALARY. LKVI BTRAC6S * CO/8
FACTOR1.ES. ~2 i: > FREMONT ST. AND 1^«3
MI.SMON. NCAB K1FTEENTII.
WANTED- Youn* woman: general houtework:
•hort distance in country; 2 in family;
WHtteu $^V Call to-day 1^12 Van Nws ave.,
11 to 12: refcrencr-f ; carfare.
CASHIER for m=taurant ; experience and ref-
erences arkf-d: apply '.* z. m. to 12 m.; n>
fe»«. Rpstaurant Ke^twrs' Association, 0
Eddy St.. room 46.
WANTED — A competent nurse to take charge
of infant: references required. Apply 110
n'atnet «.
WANTED at once, a woman who Is bright and
rfreSM'F neatly to travel fcr business house.
Bex 3S2. Call office.
WANTED— Girl for gcnrral houpc-work; wages
$20. C»li 10 to 13 tft-day. 1S37 Mission St.
WANTED — Neat ItKBC F^rl for cooking and
housework. J715 Jp.iktcn «t.
GIRL to do cnokin* and housework: $2r>
men^h. 1371 Bu*h st.
WANTED— A German c!rl for general house-
wcrk: s>mall family. 1123 Itevisadero St.
WANTED— Girl for upstairs work and sew-
ing. Call between 10 and 12 o'clock, 2024
Jackson et. .
WANTED — For the country, a competent wo-
men, good c-ook. general housework; goo.1
»«)!«; r^ferrn^es required. Box 357, Call.
OPERATORS and machine hands wanted at M.
FIMINOFF?. V2'^* Market n.
FIRST-CLASP stenographer* futnishod. Miss
M. G. Barrett. Instructor. "02 Montgomer>"-
A BRAXCH offi< e Of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and *u»>s<-riptions has
l>^*n ODen'd at KKiS Market St., opposite
Fifth. Open untl! II t>. m.
HELP WAXTED — MALE.
A— MURRAY &• READY. «34-«r?tj Clay >t.
Phone Main r.M>|;.
L^aJir.jr Err.ployir.enl and I>abor Agents.
130-1 '.Ve Ga\e 1**4 We'll Give
4.VfX>0 Men Work. 6O.OCO Men Work.
- Arizona. clo*e to Prescott, fa.
5 ccoks. %39. $40, }M, $C0 and found.
C.*> fsrm har.l5.
f 9— DON'T FORGET— *n.
ARIZONA. TO-DAY. PRESCOTT.
Stea-Jy jobs for two years; hie wages.
IN HESDfWXO COUNTY.
IS German or Scandina\ian woodchopjjers;
big job: *1 to *i an cord.
Blacksmith fcr mine. J!*^.
2 boya, learti jsinting. H t« $.*. w«»«k.
Gardiner, $25 aid found: 2 bellboys; «tirk«T
DUB, rlsn«r an<l matcher. $3 d?.y: cook,
cour.tr>- hotfl. $."?<» and four*; wagon painter.
c«m|.. *4<t snd found: farmer and wife, j?mall
-vin*>ar<j, Kaaa-Caunty. t.W ml found.
COl'NTRY.
Kamiiie* with boye for box factories. 75c to
*2 d»y.
Ml'RKAT & READY. CM-636 Cla,v St.
AT e. R. DAKSEX Ac OO.'S. . .Phone" Grant IS.'.
Accurate account a r.'.. i=tenograph»>r and type-
writer, to art as timekeeper if nee«>ssary.' R.
R. corstruction work; cxp»-ri»>nce in this line
pi-eftr'-ed: niAn cr .40 years of ate; must be
strictly sr.ber. references and bond; want
msn v.ho v.anu steady jTOSition; $ar) per
month and iounl.
Stableman, institution, country $30
r. P. HAXKEN A- <*O 42!« Rush #t.
AN errand boy for this office; call early. C
R. HA.VKEX & CO.. 42a Bush tl.
CYANIDE, chemist, chlorination and quartz
mill man. $1<iO and board; Swiss rcilker and
wife, $»"f> and found; errand boy, $S a week;
<tVik ar.<1 wife. $Kft; waiter for club $45"
bsKer. week; butler. $.V> and foun-i. and
others'. J. F. CP.OSETT & <Y).. 62S 5acra-
m»nto st.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 2<5 5Ion?gomer>-. r. 12—
FlcvMtor boy. ?2O; »ai'*r. ccuntry $29- cook
for r-ouiury hc^-rital. *;o.
3 JlOl'SE <-arprr.lers city. 9n a day
3 rough carpenters, city. $2 .V> a "day.
cal. EMP. AGENCY. 14 M ft., nr. CaJl bid.
A- L ~~U
Men to learn the barber trade In two months
end wurt good poflticns; catalogue and full
Jr.fcrmation mailed free. UOLER £rxtem
Coi>«-gg. ca ci,y et
A THOROUGHLY xprrienc^d cook for a small
countrv hot*! near San Luis Obispo: $45 and
aaa : T r A ai " lf suite<1: fare advanced.
: Aaatea A. G., box 26^, Call office.
WANTED— Active, honest man for outside
work ard collerting: iTrt month: «eadv po-
sition: $200 cash deposit required. 2«> Mont-
gorr.ery St., room b.
BARKER wanted to take half Interest' in a
barber f.-hop and cigar Ktore close to city
n^JgV^&ZZ* npre before Sunday noon!
¦ Vox ~A1, •'all office.
TR , T > £ ur n "* n "* «hoee, union made, at $1 and
(1 50 per pair, foot-form ehoes at $2 00 or
crthopedic *h°**- « best shoe* on earth" 11
TTiird fct . t.um. bldg.. 5 doors from Market.
WILL, sell one-third interest in b!g~bathhouse
er.d hsrr*r shop; must br sober, hones; man-
__on» weeks trtaljnvfn. P.ox ."57K, Call aftee.
BARBKR— Thoroughly comi^tent, niarried~man
*gn?!= steady y>\, In country town or nili
-_!^i J l!: m "lL?^2L.' c i! c ?i'^ Jox r 8 * CaI1 office -
FIRST-n.APS barber ror Sa"turdaV"at~503
Fourteenth St.. Oakland.
6HOEWAX with oth»r occuratlcn, for Satur-
day evening. Bex .tic.. Call.
' ' ~~ — T~~
EXPERIENCED rr.an K. lay cut and manage
fruit cannery, to pack full line. Add-eA
"lf« h c * x ,P* rlenc ' snd "a'arj- exDected. box
*
BARBERS, take notice!— The. orflce of Be cre .
tary and Free Employment Hureau has re-
moved to 8 City Hall ave. or l.VH Market st
at Journeymen Barbers' Union. Local I4s"
JOS. R. ELEILY.
WANTED— Thoroughly rcltable young man
.or clerical work and collecting; lx>nds and
references r»^juir«:d; salary $¦»<>. Hox 360
Call office.
WANTED — 4n all around bockttnder; cne- who
can do fsrwardinc and finishing on full
bounds Apply SANBORN. VAIL &. CO.. 741
Market et.
WANTED — L«b'.rcTB and mechanics to know
that Ed Roikin. Reno House proprietor, has
• tided 10K new rocnw to the Denver House,
n 7 Third et. ; 2S0 rooma; 2T>c to &0c per night.
WANTED— Men and womef* to learn the bar-
tx»r trade; wacet paid while learning. Call
rr aiHrefs W*«tem Coliece of Barbers, 647
Commercial »t.. San Francisco.
WHT pay big prices to have your shoes half-
soled when you can get it done fcr 25c. COe
•nd 60c while you wait at 6#3 Mission at..
bet. 1st and 2d *u.. or 11 Third st.
EXPERIENCED proof reader; also copy
holder; references; steady position to right
party. Box 493, Call office.
100 YOUNG men of 18 years, with good char-
acter, to organize military organization.
Call at 473 Valencia gt.. bet. 6 and b p. m.
WANTED — A first-class carriage J blacksmith
*>t good wacta. Apply to A. MEISTER &
PONS COt. Sacramento. Cal.
PENSION ATTT., M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis at.; 14
years' practice; reference* from thousands or
peraoss for whom I have secured pension*.
TREER. «Jg« netter. bottom finisher. Went-
wortn Shoe and Leather Co.. lOtn & Bryant-'
WANTED — Young draughtsman. In ornamental
iron works. ; trood chance. Box . 365, Call. -
FOB *aie— A 2-chair barfter ehop: 545; fixtures
worth the price. 418 Larkin et.
MUSICIANS to Join military band. 228 Buth
«t.. third floor, room 4. j
HELP WANTED— MALE— Tontlnned.
EXPERIENCED business men and women de-
slrlre mercantile position with goo<l com-
tx-nsation are requested to call on the Royal
Mercantile Co.. Suite 19. Columbian building,
i»16 Market fct.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
tl 50 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay
express or mall charges. 11 3d st.. Exam. bid.
TORES-CHAIR barber shop for sale; etriclly
n-.odein. 127 Third st.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for deep-water
*hips. Apply DENT'S place. 2G Steuart st,^.
MEN to learn barber trade. San Francisco
Barber College. 74IA Howard et.
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullls. room 40. Phelan
bldg. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G.A.R.
KcDONALD & PERRY have a large -stock of
ne'w and second-hand shoes; cheap. 239 3d st.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms; 35c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry, r
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and jubscrtptlons has been
opened at IOCS Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. tn.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscrlptlcn-.i
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, halt
price. 5C3 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d ets.
GET your shoes half soled wfcile waiting; 25o
to 60c. 5C" Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d stg.
HORSES AXD WAGONS.
C5 HEAD of good work horses and mares, suit-
able for contractors or ranch work, must be
fold: auction rales every Monday at 11
o'clock at Ellis-st. Stable. C15 Ellis St.; if
you want to buy, «?e 1 or exchange anything
in our line give us «• call; ajl horses sold
from this establishment must be as repre-
sented. S. WATKINS, Auctioneer.
WILL close out a large stock of horses, wag-
ons, curries, buggies, carts and harness at
auction, January 19, at 11 a. m., at 1140 Fol-
eom. st.
FINE rubber tire tran and nnrumatlc tire bug-
py and surrey, nearly new. O'BRIEN'S,
Golden Gate ¦ ave. ar.d Polk «t. '. . ¦ ; •
FOR sal' — Handsome trap, cheap. Box 3759,
Call office. . • r
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon
end go-cart for sals cheap. 532 Mission st.
Largest aEsartmt 2-hand wagons, buckb/d, sur-
rey.harness.work.drivlng horses. 15th-Valencia:
HOUSES TO LET. ..."
A— PRINTED list of bouses to let; send for cir-
cular. G.H.UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
A — HOUSES and flats to let: an Immense li»t;
service absolutely free; take | advantage • o*
this department: it will save you time and
trouble. Corues Furniture Co., 245-259 Geary
St.. on the cquare.
BEFORE morinf* get our printed list of houses
to let. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 25 Post st;
HUL'MCV nitMsULlI t>*UK SALB.
FURNITURE for sa!« at 1411 Van Ness. aye.;
masrnlficently furnished house. complete:
carpets, pictures!. draperi»», ¦ furniture and
a II other furnishings; good tenant can have
lfase. . ' •
__ IXVEST3IEXTg.
BONDS. STOCK? AND MORTGAGES. -
All dividend-paying securities for>ale. ¦
GERjfrANlA INVEST CO.. fl-'7 Market st-
LOST AXD FOUJfD.
LOST— January 7, In going from 2513 Broadway
to 2125 Jackson Bt. via. Scott st.. Pacific ave.
and Buchanan *t.. an open-work black enamel
pin iritt) pearl in center. Finder will be lib-
erally rewarded by leaving same at 2513
Broadway. MRS. J. G. KITTLE.
LOST — January ]1. either on boat from Stock-
ton or along wharf to Sacramento-st. cars,
pair of goM lorgnettes, octagon eyes; liberal
reward. Return 43b Eleventh avenue, Rich-
mond
LOST — A passbook with the Hibernla Savings
and Lean Society of San Francisco, in the
name of JOHN A. or KATIEC DOHERTY.
No. 102-411. The finder will please return to
bank.
LO^T — Gold d^g collar, ornamented with pearls
. and tujquoisfs; fiiiier will receive reward.
Answer to box .JO. Ca It" office.
LOST— Or. Geary Ft., black ribbon belt with
Ch!ne«c silver buckle. Return to 1005 Geary
Ft. ; reward.
BLACK, white am! tan English Fetter; black
Fpot <n eye and back. Return THIS ICth st.
LOST — Odd Fellows' charm. "Ed to Dan."
Please return to (103 Market st. \
LOST— Small colile doc: antweri to name
Laddie. Return 1!>po Turk St.; reward.
IjOST — Maltese cat: answers name Boo; liberal
reward. 1C02 Sacramento st.
LOST— Pmnll circle diamond pin. Please re-
turn 2512 Pacific ave. and receive reward.
**^PJ C A^ ~
MRS. DR. WYKTH, specialist for all femal*
complaints; Instant relief, guaranteed; 30
years' experience; removed to 826 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities: instant r«-
Itef guaranteed. 100SV4 Market St.. opp. 6th.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL—All who are sick cr
In trouble ccr.sult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu-
r.are helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office. 1018 Market st.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES in EARS
positively cured; new method: 1 week's treat-
ment free. Dr. Cottlncham. 204 Sutter st-
Drs. Goodwin. 733 Turk, nr. Van Ness — Expert
In obstetrics, female complaints.; inst. relief;
treatment $10; hours, id to 5; 25 years' exper.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist: a private home before and during
confinement: best medical care; low fees.
DR. ROSEN resides 2995 Folsom St.. corner
26th: ladles, relief or no fee; $10.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment: 112(5 Market at.
DR. NG TOT KEE. 319 Powell et., opposite
Union Square; all diseases cured by herbs.
MIXIXG AXD ASSAYIXG.
20 EXPERIENCED miners ta work for stock in
valuable Arizcna mine; board, expenses, fare
paid. 726 Starr King bldg.
MISCL^LAAEOLS — FOR SALB.
BOILERS, .engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TQSH &. WOLPMAN. 195-1U7 Fremont St.
TRY ASBESTOS roof paint and be convinced
that It Is the only paint that will sWb all
l»ak» in any roof, either metal or shingle; it
tt alpo the best preservative paint for all new
metal and shingle »j«#?*. and makes tha roof
last ever twice aslong than painted with
eny other paints; !t has no equal. Office. 4ia
California. «t.. room 21: telephone James 571t>.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair it with elaterite: In rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good over old
Ircn. tin or shingles; best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
2D-HAND machinery, boilers, engines, pumps,
pulleys, charting, etc.. etc.. bought, sold,
rented and exchanged: see Sunday papers.
11. S. WHITE MCHY CO.. 130-132 Beale st.
A — Fine puits. $7 50: dress pants, $2 50. Ortgl- ',
nal Miefit Clothing Parlors, 238 Kearny St., !
near Bush: open to 9 p. m., Sunday to noon.
A— Buys, sells or rents gear machinery. en>
gines, boilers, water 'pipe, ehafting. pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-250 Epear st.
FOR sale— Beautiful sealskin; *ame as new:
Itist :J2 to 34; cost .$2<.<0; for $100. 320B
Tfh'graph avg.. Oakland.
FOR sale — 5 cocker spaniel black thorough-
bred pups, C weeks old; cheap. 21O How-
erd tt. . ' ,, ¦
A HANDSOME new Persian baby lamb pillow
muff and larce stole: cost $100; accept $30.
10OU Halght st. : phone Page 718. -
TYPEWRITERS, slightly used, sold at cost;
pew Underwood visible typewriter catalog
>ent free. R. E. Revalk & Co.. San Francisco.
ALTERATION eale— Beet $2 60 -ats. $1 50.
Popular Price Hatter. 330 Kearny st.. near
Pine; open to 8p. m.; Sundays to noon.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 60 pair:
; foot-form shoes at $2 SO; we pay express
chargtg. ll Sd st.. Exam, bid.; catalog fre«.
S^ic ROLL and up; fine wall paper; samples
mailed; painting, tinting, papering. M. MER-
IGAX. 1302 Webster. Tel. Jackson 1321./
FOR sale— National cash register, half-price,
at S63 Bryant i»t., city. .
Selling out Roller Canary birds; males and fe-
males; Goldfinch Canary mules. :)|i« Kith et.
SAILING ark for fishing, and hunting. 328
Bush st., third' floor, room 4. -
MILES of pipe and fittings; all elzes. EU-
GENE RILEY & SONS. 109 Vallejo st.
SAFES and cash registers, new and second-
hand. L FREEMAN. 1329 Market st.
YOU KNOW WHOM TO TELL YOUR TROUBLES TO «iFRIDAY. JANUARY 15.
Sun rise* 7 :24
Sun sets ..........5:14
Moon rise*. ........................ .B:29 a.- m.
C fTlmel ¦ Time '. Time ¦ Time
» j Ft. Ft Ft. Ft.
S |LW| |H W ¦-,--_ L W H W
15 3:17 2.9 9:37 , I" 81 4:33 —0.5 11:35 Tk
16 4:00 3.0 10:19 S.A 5:08—0.8 ..... ..:..-
H W' L W i.M W ¦ : L W
17. 0:16 4.6 4:42 3.0 1_:57 5.5 5:43—0.4
18 0:53 4.6 5:_;4 3.0 11:30 5.3 6:16—0.2
19i 1:27 4.C 6:04 .3.0112:16 : 5.1 6:46 O.I
20 '1:SB 4.7 H:4S 3.0112:42 4.7 7:17 O.4
21 2:27 4.7|.7:30l . 2.S| l:20|g4.5 7:48 0.6
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
The American ship Kennebec, which left
Montevideo a few day* ago after undergoing
extensive reualr*. has returned to that port
In more trouble. Thl* time her foremast and
bowsprit are sprung, her main topgallant matt
and Jlbboom gone and ghe . sustained other
damage in heavy weather encountered soon
alter leavlcs Montevideo.
Kennebec Has More Bad Luck.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United State* 3 Coast and Geodetic Survey —
.Time and Height of High and Low Waters
; at' Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
, Bay. Published by. official authority of the
Superintendent. : '
- NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city, front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point: x the height
of tide is the same at both places. -
Thursday, January 14.
Etmr Greenwood, Jacobs, 15 hours from Al
bion. .:¦'.;
Etmr J?oyo. Johnson, 20 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Scctla, Johnson, 27 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr Navarro. Weber. 29 hours from Eu
reka. '
Stmr Desoatch. Levinson, 84 hour* from
Columbia River.
Stmr Point Arena, Miller. 14 hour* from
Mendoclno. via Point Arena 12 hours.
Stmr Edith. Hall. 5 days 12 hours from
Tacoma.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander. 41 hours from
San Diego.
Stmr San Mateo. Robs. 4 day* from Tacoma,
Stmr Colon. Irvine. 22Vi days from Panama
and way ports, via Mazatlan 5 day* 14 hours.
Stmr Maggie, Corning. 4 hours . from Half
moon Boy. ( . .
Stmr Gipsy. Leland, 20 hours from Monterey.
Br stmr LongahlDS, Walker, 2S days from
Karatsu. . -
Ship Marlon Chilcott, Williams? 13 day*
from . Honolulu.
Schr Mawetma, Smith. 14 days from .What
com. . ¦
Schr Ida A. CamDbell, t» hours froth Point
.Reyes
Shipping Intelligence-
ARRIVED
Ship Louisiana Sold.
The ship Louisiana. 1343 tons, han been pur
chased by Sanders & Klrchman — terms private.
Charles J. Bereman filed a libel
yesterday in the United States Dis
trict Court against the bark Agate to
recover $125, balance of waeres al
leged to be due him as master.
Dark Agate Libeled.
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. I Pier.
_^^«— -— — _™__ __ ______ _.„__ j _________
January 15. I
Centennial. Seattle & Tacoma. 2 pm|Pier 20
Arctic Humboldt 10 ara|Pler •£
Coptic China tt. Japan 1 pmtPier 40
Serbia Hamburg fc Way. 12 mlPter U
January 16. |
Pt. Arena.. I't. Arena _c Mdcno 4 pmlPier 2
Bonita Newport & Way.. 9 am!Pl»r 11
San Juan.. N. Y. via Panama. |l_t mlPier 40
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports.jll amiPler 9
S. Monica.. Los Angeles Ports. 12 mlPier 2
Rainlt-r.... Seattle & Whatcom 4 pm|PIer 10
Chehalls... Los Angeles Ports, f) amiPler a
Coronado.. I_os Angeles Port*. 10 am|PI»r 10
Etlzitieth.. Coqullle Klvcr Pier 20
cVarina.... Cooe Bay direct jPIer 8
Samoa Los Angeles Ports |9 amiPler 2
January 17. I
S. Rosa San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Pomona Humboldt l:30p[Pier it
Iaqua Humboldt _2 m|Pier 2
January 18. I
Xevadan... Hono. & Kahuluf. 3 pm]Pier 23
Oregon Astoria & Portland 11 am I Pier 24
Cemralla.. Los Angeles Ports. 10 amjPler 10
Homer... f. Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 2
January 19-
Rival. Willapa Harbor. .. \4 pm Pier 20
F. H. Legge Los Angeles Ports. 12 m Pier 'J
Eureka.... Humboldt 9 am Pier l:i
S. Barbara. Los Angeles Port*. 4 pmlPier 2
CMco Coqullle River 6 pm I Pier 2
Arcata Coos B. & Pt Orfrd 12 mJPier 13
January 20. |
Coos Bay.. San Pedro & Way. 0 am;PIer II
Corona Humboldt ......... 1:30 p Pier 9
January 91.
Umat'.lla... Pugft Sound 'Ports. 11 am Pier 9
J. Dollar... Seattle -_ Tacoma. 10 am Pier 2
G. Llndauei Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 20
Newburg... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
Sonoma Sydney & Way Pts T pm Pier 7
Pomo Pt. Arena & Albion s pm Pi«r 2
State Cal.. San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
January 93.
Colon....... N. T via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
G W. Eldei Astoria & Portland 11 amlPier 24
North Fork Humboldt I 2 pmlPier 20
January 95. I I
A. Mam... China & Japan 11 pm|PIer 40
FROM SEATTLE.
Steimer. For. Sails.
Cottage City.. Skagway & Way Port3. Jan. 15
Santa Ana Cooks Inlet & Way Pt*. Jan. IK
Fa rn lion Skagway & Way Ports J Jan. 1A
Valencia...... Skagway & "Way Ports. I Jan. 22
Excejslor I Cooks Inlet & Way Pts.lFeb. 1
The vessels on the overdue list were quoted
yesterUay for reinsurance as follows: Paris,
83 per cent; Francesco Giuseppe I and Jeanne
Cordonnier. 10 per cent; Robert Rickmers. ].">
per cent: Loch Brdan, 00 per cent; Edward-
Ina. 50 per cent: Martaban. »:<> per cent.
The Overdue List.
The ni lot-boat Lady Mine on January 13
pock r d up a skiff between the lightship and
th» . bar. The derelict was painted brown
There was a sail on board but no oar*, and
the boat was full of water.
IMcks Up a Skiff.
The Oc-ider.tal and Oriental Steamship Com
pany's liner Cootie will sail to-day for the
Orient with nearly 40C0 tons cf freight and a
fall list of passengers. Among the cabin pas
sengers will be several Japanfse army officers.
TT>p liner's cargo includes 400 tons of lead.
1500 tons cf flour\and 3C0 tons of Russia's big
rr.rat order. The 'meat, packed In small kegs.
Is destined for Vladivostok and goes by way
of Nazasiki.
Coptic Sails To-Day.
COLON-fArrived Jan 12— Stmr Alllanca, fm
New York. »
Sailed Jan 1? — Stmr Seguranca, for New
York.
HONGKONG— Arrived about Dec 30— Br Rtmr
Tydeus. from Clyde. , »
Sailed Jan 13 — Br stmr Empress of China,
for Vancouver.
Arrived prior to Jan 13 — Br stmr Lugano,'
from Manila.
GIBRALTAR— Passed Jan 13— Br stmr St
Ft' lane.- from Manila, for New York. .
IQUIQUE — Sailed Jan 13— Br , atmr Iris
brook, for Hampton Road*.
ANTWERP— Sailed Jan 12— Br ship Port
Elgin, for' San Francisco., ',
• TENERIFFE-r Arrived and sailed Dec 24—
Ger stmr Amasis, from -London for San Fran
cisco.
CALLAO — Arrived Jan 11— Br bark Saxon,
from Portland. Or.
HIOGO— Arrived Jan"13— Br stmr Athol.fm
Hongkong, and sailed Jan 15 for San Francisco
via 'Yokohama and Manzanilio. ~
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Jan 13— Br ship Glen
burn, for San Francisco. .
MORORAN— Sailed Dec 25 — Br stmr Totten
ham.-for Shanghai. ¦ .
PACASMAYO — Arrived Dec 22— Br ship G
W .Wolff, from Chlmbato. . -
. PORT SAID — Arrived Jan IT — Br stmr Brae
mar, from New York for Manila.
PERIM— Passed Jan ' 13— Br stmr Icdranl,
from Manila for New York.
CHARLESTON— Arrived Jan 13— Br stmr
Cuzco., from Guayaquil.
CAPiS HENRY— Passed Jan 13— Br bark
Glenclova, frcm Tp.lta! for Baltimore.
NORFOLK— Sailed Jan 13— Br stmr Bir
mingham, for Manila.
NEW YORK— Sailed Jan 14— Br stmr Cacl
qua, for west coast South America.
FOREIGN PORTS.
EASTERN PORTS.
HONOLULU— Sailed Jan 13— Stmr Siberia,
for China and Japan; U S stmr Bumslde, for
Manila.
Sailed Jan . 14— Schr Cha» R Wilson, for
Grays Harbor. Jan 13 — Br stmr Aorangl, for
Vancouver. ¦ . • ¦ ¦ . •
ELEELE— Arrived Jan 11— Ship Henry Vll
lard. from Honolulu.
MANILA — Arrived Jan 4 — Stmr Lyra, from
Tacoma.
DOMESTIC PORTS
SEATTLE— Arrived Jan 14, 7:30 a m— btmr
Queen, hence Jan 11.
Sailed Jan 14, 0 a m— Stmr Umatllla, for
San Francisco.
Arrived Jan 14, 9 a m — Stmri Santa Ana.
from* Valdez.
Sailed Jan 14— Stmr James Dollar, for San
Francisco.
WESTPORT— Sailed Jan 14— Stmr West
port, for San Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived Jan 14 — Stmr Newsboy,
hence Jan 12: bkln Amelia, from Honolulu.
Sailed Jan 14 — Stmrs Pomona and Iaqua and
bark Vldeite. for San Francisco: stmr Pasa
dena and »chr Dora Bluhm. for San Pedro.
SAN DIEGO— Sailed Jan 14— Schr Annie
Larsen, for Tacr.ma.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Jan 13— Schr
Fannie Adele, hence Jan 2.
Sailed Jan 14 — Stmr Coronado, for San
Francisco; atmr. Santa Monica, for San Pedro;
etmi- Signal, for San Francisco.
WINSLOW— Arrived Jan 14 — Schr Balboa,
frcm San Pedro.
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed In Jan 14— Br
ship Pass of Kllllecrankle, from Vancouver for
Port Blakeley; bktn Robert Sudden, from Port
Los Ar.geles for Tacoma; schr Wllbert L Smith,
from San Pedro for .
Arrived Jan 14— Schr William Renton, from
San Pedro. <
•SAN PEDRO— Sailed Jan 13— Schr Manila,
for Port Gamble; «chr Luzon, for Tacoma.
Jan 11 — Sohr Dauntless, for Grays Harbor.
Salltd Jan 10— Bktn Skagit. for Grays Har
bor.
SOUTH BEND— Sailed Jan 14-«-Schr Wa
wnna. for San Pedro.
TATOOSH— Pssrert In Jan 14— Ship Spartan,
hence Jan 4, for Whtitcom. • -
Passed In Jan 14 — Br ship Austrasia. from
Antwerp, via Falkland Island, for Seattle; Fr
bark Marie, frcm Cardiff, for Pucet Sound.
TACOMA— Arrived Jan 13— BUtn .Newsboy,
from Redondc.
REDONDO— Arrived Jan 14— Stmr Asun
cion, hence Jan 1?.
PORT LOS ANGELES — Arrived Jan 1J—
Stmr Alcozar. from Point Arena.
Arrived Jan 14 — Nor etmr Hero, hence 12th.
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived Jan 14— Br
ship Pass of Kllllf^crankie, from Vancouver.
Salltd Jan 14— Ger bark Nlobe, for Queens
town.
ASTORIA— Sailed Jan 14 — Stmr Oregon, for
San Francisco.
Arrived Jan 14 — Sehr Viking, hence Jan 3;
Fchr Henrv Wilson, hence Jan 2: bktn Katie
Flickinger, from San Pedro; schr Zampa, from
San Ppdro.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Jan 14— Stmr Bruns
wick, hence Jan 13. . '
ISLAND PORTS.
POINT LOBOS, Jan 14, 10 p m— Weathtr
cloudy; wind NW, velocity 10 mile* per hour.
TELEGRAPHIC.
Thursday, January 14.
Stmr State of California, Thomas, San Diego
and way ports. - 5*
Stmr Eureka. Jessrn. Eureka.
Stmr Pomo. Winkel, Point Arena.
Br stmr Wyefleld. Watson. Nanaimo.
Schr Mp.ry C. Campbell, Bodega.
Schr Mabel Gale, Johnson, Portland.
SAILED.
CLEARED.
Thursday, January !•*•
rtr «mr Wyefleld. Watson, Nanalmo; W'est
ern Fuel Co. .
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. 1 From. I Due.
Elizabeth Coqullle River Jan. 15
W. II. Kruger Humboldt Jan. 15
I aqua Humboldt ;Jan. 15
Pomona Humboldt |Jan. 15
Columb.a Portland & Astoria. ... Man. 15
Czarina Coos Bay [Jan. 15
Oregon Portland & Astoria |Jan. IB
Kival Willapa Harbor.... 'Jan. ltJ
S. Morlca.... (iiays Harbor Jan. 1«
A. Mam China & Japan jjan. 16
ChehalU Grays Harbor :Jan. Hi
Dfel Norte.V.'. Crescent City |Jan. 1(5
Coror.ado Grays Harbor Uan. V\
Chfea Coquille River iJan. Hi
Mackinaw.... Tacoma jjan. 1«
Arcati Coos Bay & Pt. Orford.;Ja"n. ltt
Lerlartaw Tacoma (Jan. 17
Coos Bay I yan Pedro & Way Ports Jan, 17
L'matllla.. I Puget Sound Ports Jan. 17
J. Dollar ! Seattle & Taeoma Jan. 17
Tltinli ; Nanalmo Jan. 17
G. Lindauer..: Portland & Astoria Jan. 17
Eureka? i Humboldt Jan. 17
Mera ! Hamburg & Way Pts.|Jan. IT
Newburg {Grays Harbor (Jan. IS
Centralja (Grays Harbor... (Jan. IS
State ct Cal.. ' San Diego & Way Pts.|Jan. IX
Alliance i Grays Harbor. ......... J.Jan. is
Homer j Portland & Way Ports. [Jan. 18
fc. Barbara... > Seattle & Olympla [Jan. 18
F. Leggett 1 Humboldt IJan. ll»
Pomo Point Arena & Albion. Uan. 10
North Fork... Humboldt IJan. 20
City Sydney.. New York via Panama'Jan. 20
G. W. Elder.. Portland A Astoria IJan. 2O
Santa Ro^a — San DNgo & Way Pts.'Jan. 21
Point Arena.. Mendoclno & Pt. Arena. Jan. 21
Bonlta Newport & Way Ports. (Jan. 21
Queen Puget Sound Pom Jan. 1".'
San Pedro.... Grays Harbor IJan. T£
Korea China & Japan ...IJan. 2H
Centennial... Seattle & Tacoma {Jan. 24
The Firitisb rteamship I.*>ngships. which ar
rived yesterday from t>.e Orient, was fighting
gales for twenty-five of the twenty-eight days
It took her to cross the Pecifle. For th*
greater part of the time the big tramp's decks
were filled with water «o the rail and much
damage wis done to the exposed piping and
deck fittings. The Loneshlns carries an East
Indian crew and they were badly scared during
th« worst of the bad weather. She brought
5KfO ions of coal, crtting It to port just In
time to rave payment of the duty which goe*
back to-day.
Many Days of Storm.
BRITISH STEAMSHIP WHICH
¦HAD A STORMY VOYAGE
FROM THE ORIENT.
/
Movements of Steamers.
The Pacific Mail Company's steamship Colon,
which arrived yesterday frcm Panama, brought
71!> tons of cargo, treasure valued at $41.»0O
and passengers a« follow*: Francis E. Rey
nold?. Thomaf W. Dwifht. FrancU T. Fox.
Luis de Fourneil. Adolfo Interiano, Lorrin
Campbell. John H. Walton. Manuel J. Gon
zale.«. John S. Bailpy. William F. .^buckle.
Duncan M. Munro. Minnie L. Ludlngton. Wit-
Ham H. Jones. John G. Purvois. Joseph Scholl.
Nellie Scholl. Charle* Srholl. Joseph Scholl
Jr . Fam*s Craven. Frank Nichols, Ruflno
ITrriola. John Elmlld. Anna Davis. Mar.u»l
Durminge:. James Pater»on. Charles Smith.
Oscar Crfeft. Placido Villesas. Edw. Olson.
Frank Merino. Manuel Carrtero. John Living
ston. Otto Ppumholz, Henry Slmank, Frank
Green j>nd seven Chinese.
Colon Arrives From Panama.
STDXET— Arrived Dec Ger bark Her
zogin Sophie Charlotfe. from Honolulu, and
sailed Dec 28 for Bremen.
ACAPULCO — Sailed Jan 10 — Stmr City of
Sydney, for San Francisco. Jan 12 — Stmr
Acapulco, for Panama.
Arrived Jnn 12— Br ehlD Marion Fraaer,
from Newcastle, Aus.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
LIVERPOOL — Sailed Jan 14— Stmr Canoplc
tlate Commonwealth), for Boston, via Queens
town: Rtmr Parisian, for Halifax, N. S, and
St John. N B. •
Arrived Jan 14 — Stmr Westernland, from
Philadelphia.
NEW VORK— Arrived Jan 14— Stmr Cevic.
frojn Liverpool.
Saikd Jan 14— Stmr La Savole. for Havre.
GENOA — Arrived Jan 14 — Stmr Republic,
from Boston, via St Michaels and Marseilles.
CHERBOURG— Sailed Jan 13— Stmr Kaiser
Wilhelm IT, for New York.
LONDON — Sailed Jan 11— Stmr Marquette.
for New York.
Ql'EENSTOWN— Failed Jan 14— Stmr Ced
ric, for New York.
Colonel Oliver J. Sweet, commander
of the Twenty-eighth Infantry, was the
ranking officer on the Sheridan. The
Twenty-eighth has been two years in
the Philippines, stationed mostly in
Jolo. of which island Colonel Sweet was
the first governor. There were two
chaplains on the transport. Chaplain
C C. Bateman of the Twenty-eighth
is famous in the service as the "fighting
parson." He has seen more service
than many line officers and is popular
with officers and men. Chaplain H.
Percy Silver, who also returned on the
Sheridan, attends to the spiritual needs
of the Thirtieth Infantry.
Private August Tniele of the
Eleventh Infantry died on board, De
cember 18, from chronic dysentery.
The weather was fine throughout the
voyage and Captain Peabody, as usual,
brought his ship to^ port looking j as
clean as nhen she sailed from here. The
Sheridan will return to Manila Feb
ruary 1. She docked late yesterday
afternoon and no time will be lost in
gettins her ready for sea.
The baby boy of Lieutenant Holden
Olin of the Thirtieth Infantry was
christened during the voyage, both
army chaplains officiating. John
Hoiden Olin is the youngster's official
name, but "Buster" Olin is the name
the little chao won during the trip. .
The Sheridan's passengers included
the following named:
'Colonel Owen J. Sweet. Chaplain C. C. Bate
man. Captains H. A. Barber, James Itonayne,
William J. Lutz. E. K. Bamford. James A.
L,ynch, F. P. Siviter, Thomas A. Pearce, H. 1\
Fiske. First Lieutenants A. J. Daugherty, E.
\V. Robinson, P Vredenburgh. William S.
Faulkner, S. A. Price, E. A. Kreager. L. D.
Gasfer, H. I.. Cooper, William R. Aiken. James
i M. l.'iiiil, Thomas J. Rogers*. G. H. Williams*
i William M. True, Seccnd lieutenants A. H.
I Freshwater. C. L. WoodhouFe. A. M. Hall, W.
T. Cor.way, D. A. Henke*. L,. O. Mathews.- II.
A. Purker. K. A. I^avltt. .M. C. Foote, B. F.
McClellan. G. W. Harris, S. G. Talbot, Elvld
j Hunt, Lieutenant. Commander J. II. Lee Hol
combe. V. S. N.: Major W. L. Finley, Chaplain
H. Percy Silver, Captain E. O. Fechet, Captain
C. F. Hartman. Lieutenants L. B. Chandler,
George F. Bowman, Himen Olin, E. N. Ma
con. F. Ilalford, T. A. Mctt. M. Babb, A. C.
Rogers. S. A. While, Henry UoKers, Drs. 3U S.
Hughes. H. U. Underwood. H. N. nalley, F. 11.
Jordan, I. M. ITnper. E. A. MeCullough. Lieu
tenant* E. H. Humphrey, L. H. P.and. C. W.
Otwell; J. R. pnyle, L. H. Goldman, Robert
f>. Goldman. J. E. Savage, L. A. Scrlbner. W.
T. Taber. J. C. Lottridge. L. H. Court, J. E.
Sheedy, Mrs. Robinson and child, Mrs. Field
and child. Mrs. Twining, Mrs. Otwell, Mrs.
W. L. Finley and two children. Mrs. H. P. Sil
ver, Mrs. H. D. Barber and child. Mr*. J. A.
Lynch. Mrs. H. B. Flske and child. Mrs. J. A.
Merritt. MUs Edith Bull. Miss C. Bull, Mrs. E.
A. Kreager and child, Mrs. H. V. Cooper, Mrs.
W. B. Alken. Mrs. George T. Bowman and
child, Mrp. Holden Olin and child, Mrs, White,
Mrs. F. It. Underwcod and child. .Mrs. L. C.
Metcalf, Mrs. A. J. Greer. Mr*. W. B. Moses.
Mrs. TV. T. Turner and child. George R. Twll
ley, B. F. Ames and child. Burr Allen, C. K.
Shaffer. Thomas B. Shanahan, Tomas Reyes
Teotimo Cor de Cruz. Henry Coffman, • Henry-
Chapman, M. A. Mills. John Imhoff, C N.
Pearson. II. B. Jones. James Kenny. A. J. Col
lins. P. J. McGh<-e. Thomas Hayes, Mrs
Thomas Hayes and child. Andrew J. Heany!
O. O. Klotz, Tl. S. Leachman, Mary Barg.
Mis* Grace Prultt. Mrs. H. .Chapman and
three children, William F. Graham
The army transport Sheridan, Cap
tain Peabody, arrived early yesterday
morning from the Philippines with 1320
civilian and military passengers. The
Twenty-eighth Infantry returned on
fhe transport, which also brought 254
casuals, 48 invalids, 44 general prison
ers. 26 discharged soldiers, and 16 civil
ians, some of whom formed part of the
contingent of the unemployed ordered
out of the Philippines ror their own
betterment and the gooa of the com
munity.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Feiry
building -was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
1 r at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m'.. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT.
•Lieutenant. V. S. N\. In charge.
Branch Hydrograph'.c Office, V. 8. N.. Mer
chant"' Exchange, San Francisco. Cal..
January 14. 1901.
Time Ball.
the early morning tides are given In the left
hard column and the successive tides of 'the
dav in the order of occurrence as to time; tha
fourth time column gives the last tide of th*
day. except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
th" charts. The plane of reference 13 the mean
of "the lower low waters.
VICTORIA. B. C, Jan. 14.— Archie
King, cabin boy of the steamer Clal
lam, appeared before the Coroner's in
quest to-day and after narrating the
circumstances of the accident he said
that about a month before the disas
ter the steamer Clallam broke down off
Port Townsend and two tugs went to
her assistance. Some of the passengers
went back to Port Townsend. The en
gines were repaired »nd the steamer
proceeded back herself.
King heard of no distress signals be
ing displayed at, the time the steamer
founded. He told of finding a baby
boy about 4 years old asleep in the
cabin and of taking him to the saloon
and putting a life preserver on him.
He did not see the child after leaving
him there to go to the boat deck
whence the boats were lov.ered. No
orders were given for efforts to rescue
those capsized from the boats. No oil
was thrown out to calm the waves
when the boats were launched.
Sleeping Child Is Encased in
a Life Preserver, but Is
Not Seen After the Wreck
SOLICITUDE FOK A BABE
Same owners with P. Connell (contractor)
architect same— Lathing and plastering for
same on same; $4CC5.
Same owners with H. Maundrell (contractor)
architect same— Painting, tinting and Uncrusta
for same on same; $2SS5.
P. Michalettl (owner) with Bletch & Lansing
(contractors). architect — All work for a
story and basement frame building on W line
of Hyoe street, C5 S of Union, S 20 W 60
S 4O. W ?0. N CO. E SO; S33S3. '.
Mary C. Fallen (owner) with George Mc-
Cahon (contractor), architects Shea & Shea
Painting, etc., for a four-story and basement
frame building on XE corner cf Leavenworth
and Ellis street*. 137:fi by 137:C: ?4250.
Maria Ran Pedro (owner) with Charles F.
Johnson and L. A. Secor (contractors) archi
tect H. D. Mitchell— all work, except mantels.
ga« fixtures, shades, plumbing, gas fittings,
paintinr, etc.. for alterations and additions
to a two-story frame building on 8E corner of
Greenwich and Taylor streets, S CO by E 0S-3
? 132.1.
A. Gless (owner) with H. L. Peterson (con
tractor), architect Oliver Everett — Concrete,
granite, steel and Iron and carpenter work for
foundation and basement for building on P
line of Howard street, 142:8 E of Third E
62:6 by S 80: $3140.
Lewis Meyerstein and Edward P. Rothehild
(owner*) with HansborouKh & Johnson (con-,
tractors), architects Mfyer & O'Brien — Clean-
Ing out of old work on floors and basement,
cemont, brick, steel. Iron and galvanized Iron
work, awning device, carpenter work, ma'ble
and mcsiic class 1 , *talr work, roofing, hard
ware, lathing and plastering, elevators and
dumb waiter*. Dalntlng, finish, grills, show
¦window*, plumbing and gas fitting, electric
work for alteration* to a 4-story and base
ment brick building on lot on NE corner of
Geary etreet and Grant avenue. — 122:6. E 60
S «2:6. W 19:5, S 60, W 40:7; $22.C0O.
L. A. Dumotirlez (owner) with Macy &
Rounds (contractors), architect Maxwell G.
Buckbe* — All work except gas and electric fix
tures, shades and painter work for alterations
and additions to residence on W line of Hyde
•street, 60 N of Filbert, X 77:6 by W 137-6
$3000.
Elir» L. Lux (Header), to California Safe
Deposit and Trust Company, lot on SE corner
of filbert and Webster atreets. S 25 by E
100; $10.
Llpman C. and Adeline Coleman to Minna
Ehrlicn. lot on N line of Golden Gate avenue,
70 E of Killmore street. E 3l> by N 100; 510.
City and County of San Franrlseo to Ku
dolph SKreckeia. lot bounded by Eddy, Turk.
Webfter and *'illmore *tr*ets; * .
Edward CJ. and Frances L. Vail to Rudolph
F\ (ita, lot on W line of Webster street,
77:S'i S cf Washington. S 25 by W tiS:!»;'*Hl.
Mary Drinkhouee t» Marita Kossi, lot on E
line of Sterner street, 85:0 S or Green, a 2tJ
by E 137 :<$: gift.
Julius and I>na J. Uunzi to John Doherty,
lot <w S line of Hush Fireet, 87 :« W of Baker.
W t'ft l>y s 87:0: *1O.
I'eter J. McGlynn to Frederick M. Voight
and T. K. Wyhle. lot on S\V corner of Fine
ami Lyon street*. S 2V W *>7:«. S 75, W 1j.
N 100. E 112:«>; $10.
Walburga Htimerle tt als. to John G.
Schtvalm, lot en N corner of Harrison and
Twelfth utreets, NK CO:'J, NW 1U0, t5W 57:4,
SK 1C(>: *1O. Ti :
William Kde Company to Ellen Hanigan.
lot on W line of Mission Street, 1«>O N of Nine
teenth. N 'Jo by W Ml; $.«5<».
A W. and Blanche M. Wallace to James
Thotr.pf.on. lot on N 11-ne of Liberty etreet. 2»
E ol Church. E 25 by N U*J $10
ilargaret C. i'orter <by Grace B. Leaven
wotth. txecutrix) to Reason B. and Mary J.
Ik all. lot en S line of Liberty street, -05 E
t.f Sancluz, E W> by S 114; $800.
Margarei Mulcahey to Jchn Mulcahey et als.,
lot on K line of Harrison street, 25 S ot
Twenty-sixth. S 23 by K I0i»: grant.
EUxabeia and Patrick J. Ileney (by G. S.
McComb. commissioner) to Continental Build
ing and l.<:an A««>claticn. lot on W line of
Alabama street, 125 S of Twenty-sixth, S '-'5 by
W 1(K»: $147».
William <_^:rtin to Daniel J. Curtin. lot on N |
line of Twenty-fourth ftreet, 105 W of Noe, W
125 by N 114; $340.
J. Sv and Mary «*. Scott (Dixon) to San Fran
cisco Krlrk Company, lot en W line of <*lara
avenue, T.S4 N of Eighteenth street, N 6'{ by
W 109: $n>.
M. L. Wick* to Otto W. and Mary Janwon.
lot on W lire of Montgomery street, 112:6 X of
Filbert. N r,y W (s:6; $030.
Giovanni ani Cattrino Correlll to Cono and
MarKarito de Benedetta. lot on SE corner of
Pfeiffer street and Bellair place, K 20 by S
52:«; $10.
Anna, Lucia. George ar.d John Beusan (Xo.
2) and Marie Kobic to John Beusan (No. 1),
lot on S line of Bush street, 90:0 E of Mascn,
E 22 bv S 84; SI.
Nicolo lieusan v«. John Beusan et. al. (!>y
G. H. I'rnbsen. referee) to Tomaso Cuneo. lot
on R line or Bush Ftreet. !»¦•:(; E of Mason. E 22
by 8 HA, referee's deed: S19.750.
M. J.. H. T. Byrne and Delia PHfl to Joseph
F. Byrne. lot on S line of Pacific street. «6:4V«
E of Taylor, E 23:7 l » by S 80: J10.
William and Fi=ederikke Nielsen to Mitchell
I). Vanvales. lot on NE corner of Filbert and
I^eavenwoith streets. E 87:6 by X 25; $10.
William A. and Thomas Magee Jr. (trustees
estate of Thomas Ma*ee) to Harvey O. Somer*.
let on S corner of Sixth and Irwin street?, SE
240 by S\V 275: M.I.COrt. \
Philip W. ar.d <)!ga Belton to Frederick Wal
r«-rt. lot on K line of San Bruno street, 133:4
S of Humioldt. S :J3:4 by E 100; $1«.
Electa E. Oajnrell to George A. Turner, lot on
SW r orr.er of Twelfth avenue ana B street, W
•J10 by S 22."j; $K>.
Oeor^e A. Turner to Cl?ra T. Hahmann. un
divided half of !ft on S\V corner of Twelfth
aver.ue ar.il B street. \V 240 by S 225; $10.
Fredeiick and Rocina L. Craumfr to Thomas
F. ChatfieM. lot on E line of Twentieth avenue,
25O B if II street. P 25 by E 120; $10.
Jarot. Heymsn Company to Lina Webber,
lot on E line of Forty-ninth avenue, 237:0 X of
K Rtraet, X 25 by K 129; $10.
(Jeorge A. Turner to Lizzie M. Blanchard
fwife of J. R). lot on W line of Forty-eighth
avenue. l."J7:6 S al J street. S 75 by W 120: $10.
General F. Lyon to Henry P. and Eva A.
Platt. lot on N line of K street, 40 E of Tenth
avrnue. E 25 by N 100; *10.
H»nry P.. and Eva A. Platt to Bernhard
Getz. same; $10. :
I'nion Trust Company of San Francisco to
Am J. Wittj>. lot on W line of Eighth avenue, j
22S N of O street. X 25 by W 120; $10.
Philip T. and Henrietta Bennett to Bernhard
Oetz. lot en S line of Wert Park. 150 W of
Mission street. W 25 by P 1OQ. lot 12. block D.
French and Gilir.an Tract: ?1O.
Xorah Spooner (by Al Berthier, commis
sioner) to Continental Building and Loan As
sociation, lot en X line of Loboe street, 3-10
E of Orizaba, E 50 by X 125, lot 7. block O,
Railroad Homestead Association; $700.
L. and Margaret Connor "Conner) to Amelia
Bens (wife of Georfce). lot on X line of Parker
street. 60 E of Columbia place. N 10O. E 25,
S 100. W 25, Harris map of Precita. Valley: $10.
James S. McQueen to Howard C. Tlbbitts,
lot en W line of Rrff street, 77:894 S of Cben
ery. S .V) by W 125; $10.
David L. Farnsworth fby Fannie E. Farr.s
' worth, executrix) to Pearl F. Sturtevant (wife
of George A.), lot on SW line of Belmont
street. 1*2.3<1 SE of Sur.Eet. SE 35. SW 105.63.
NW 20.1K. NE »4.84. lots 29 and 30, block G,
I Sur.set Heights: 51200.
Fannie E. Farnsworth .to same, same, quit
' claim deed; $1.
William A. and Louise E. Metre* to Claud
Reeves, lot* 5.14 and 535, gift map 3; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
Richard J. an] Annie Galbally (owner), with
! Charles J. Antwiler (contractor), architect M.
1 J. Welsh — All work for a three-story frame
| building- (fiats) oti lot on N line of Eighteenth
ftreet. W> W of Pennsylvania avenue, W 25 by
I X 100; $U;50. *
; Therera A. Oelrichs (owner), with Gladdlnjf.
McBean & Co. (contractors), architect Reid
I Brc*. — Tile wall* and partitition* in Falrmount
i Hotel building on block bounded on W by
j Mason. N by Kacranienlo. E by Powell and S
Ly California; SfiS50.
Giovanni Vevincenzi (owner) with E. Quagel
li (contractor), architect All work for three
j three-story frame buildings on XE corner of
I Montgomery and .Vallejo streets, X 60, E &5, S
20. W 25. S CO; $13,400. ¦
I Charlotte T. Boyle (owner) with J. Wender
ir-s (contractor), architects Rousseau & Son —
All work for two three-story frame buildings
(flats) on S line of- Oak street, 112:6 W of
I Shrader. W 50 by S 1 ."?*:(>. Western Addition
700; $15,420.
J. K. C. Hobbs Estate Company (a corpora-
I tlori) /owners) with Fred Miller (contractor),
I art hitect T. Patterson Ross — Excavating, car-
I penter. mill, hardware, brick. Iron, cement,
I marble, glass, stair, tin work. etc.. for a four
etory frame apartment building on KE corner
of Turk and Geary streets, S 120 by E (55;
*27.10O.
Same owners with f-chanz & Grur.dy (con
tractors), architect same — Sewering, plumbing
and gaa fitting for same on same; $5840.
Same owner* with William Cronan (con
tractor), architect same — Steam heating and hot
water plant for same on same; $1300.
Same owners with Bryan Elevator Company
(contractors), architect same — Elevator machln
| ery. car and grill* for same on same; $2090
Same owners with Xational Electric Company
(contractor*), architect came — Electric wiring,
telephone and bell work for same on same
$1042. '
TUESDAY. JANUARY 12.
City and County of *San Franci*co to Adolph
H. and Hatt<e E. Weber. Jot on >V line of
Gough Ftreet, 62:0 S of Post, S 27:6 by W 110;
REAIj KSTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Employe on the Ill-Fated Clal
lam Says He Did Not See the
Distress Signals Hoisted
BOY DESCRIBES
THE DISASTER
. ¦ - •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 15, 1904
Troopship Arrives in Splendid Condition, Is Docked and Will Be
Prepared for Sea Without Delay, Being Scheduled to Go
Back to Manila at Once, Leaving This Port on February I
ARMY TRANSPORT SHERIDAN BRINGS
HOME THE TWENTY-EIGHTH INFANTRY
14
EATLWAT T-aAVUL.
SOUTH^mSMPACI FIC
<Matn Line. Foot of Market Street >
• tll> . - KK..M DEC»-l»«« '¦». 1-C3. - A »»'^-
'T.00-- V»c_tIUo. Wloter-. « amie J"-:;;;-- ' 5o *
7.00a Benlclaw Sul-un. Elmlr» aad Sacra-
Koti. Martlaei. 8*a lUmon...-. ¦.Z5*
7.30* Xiiei. Llrerrnore. Tracy, Lathrop. _, 2J _
s.ooa 6hM^ k TxpV«_-Vvu"D;;ii>:
Wiliumi (for BartleU Spr BZ*).
ntllova tFruto. Ued UlttO.
ParU*nd. Tacoitia. Seattle...... J-VST
8 00- O»Tl*. Woodland. Knlgbt* l-*-<lin-5. _ ..
8 30- Port Co.ta. Martlnei. An:1oc!_.
Byron. Tracy. StocSton. New-
man. Los U-oo». Jleadota.
Armona. n»nfor<l. Vital!*.
VorcerTille .- ••¦•" «?_»»
8-SO-k Port Conta. Martlnex, Tracy. Lattt-
rop, Mode.to. Merced. Fre.no.
t^nshea Junction. Ban ford.
VI-aHa, naker*fletd ...-..• «»
8-30* JTllea. San Jo»e. LtTermore. Stock-
ton, (tMlltan), lonr. Sacramento,
Placervllle. Marysrllle. Chlco,
Ued BlaiT ••• ?•»»
8 30* Oakdale. Chlneto. Jame».own. 3o-
" a nor«.Tooliimno«n<IAnireli..... 4 2*r
0 00* Atlantic Kxpre*-— 0_rdoB »nU 8««. 11.Z5A
8.30* Rlehwonrt. MartJnex and Way
Stations . • ••»->'
1000* The OTerlaad Limited — O«-«a.
Penter. Om»l-a, Chicago. «2Sc-
10.00*. Vallejo ••••; 1ZZ5 '
10.00* 1>^ Anf ele* Paneniter — Port
Coita. Martinez. Byroa. Tracy.
I.atbrop. Stockton. Merced.
Kaytnoad. Fresno. Goihen Junc-
tion. Hanford. Lemoore. Visalla.
Bal-ersQeM. Lo* An«ele« '•»*
itOOM n»yw«rd. Nile* and Way 9-atlon*. 3.23P
?VOOf 8»cr«mento Rlrer Steamers ...til.CWr
iZOr Brnlcla, Wlntert. Sicramento.
Woodland. Knlgh:* L*ad!nf.
Maryttllle. Orotllls and w»y .- M4
5 30f naTW» O rd!Niie»*«_dWayStationt.. 7.55_»
1 30p fort Cost*. Martin*!. Bjroa.
Trscy. Ijithrop. M«de»_o.
Merded. Fresno and Way Star
tlons beyond Port _o«».. ...... ]*•«'
330p M»rtlnex. Tracy. 9.«cl_-on. Lo.ll... 1025*
4 00? M»rttne/.S«n lUinon.ValUJo.Napa,
<:a!lt:oB«.S«nu % P.oM........ ... 925*
4 001" Nile*. Tracr. Stockton. I.odl ...... 425r
4.30r llaywanl. Mllet. iMlnjton. San » 18.65*
Joie^ LtTermore I til. 55*
BXOi> The Owl Limited— S«wm«a. L«*
Hanos. Meodota. Fresno. Tttlara.
BalcersSeld. Loa Anzsles.
Golden State Llmtted Sleeper.
Oakland to Lo* An^r!r«, for Chi-
cago. Tla C. R. L A P I5U
E.COr Port tJotU. Tracy. Stockton 12-_*'
t550i> lUyward, !ftlM anil San Joao 72 j*
600r Hayward. Nile* and 6*n Jo»« 9 55*
64}0i> Ea-tera E-pre»-— Ojrden. Denrer.
Omaba. St. Lonls. Chlcaxo and
K.i.t. Port Cost*. Bentcta. Sul-
»un. Klmlra. D_vi«. 8trr_meBWk
I'.ocklln. Auburn. Col fa-;.
Tnickee. Boca. Ite.o, Wada-
worth, Wlnnetnncca 5T5»
6.00- Vtllejo. daily, except Sunday.... I -. « 5f
7 OOp Vtllejo. Sunday only I
7 OOi* l-K-hmond, a*n Pablo. Port Cos:*.
Msr-lne* *nd Way Station* 1125*
».C6i» Oretron A California K«pret«— Sac-
I racaento. MarysTllle. Roddlnc.
Portland. Puget Sound and Eaat. 8-53*
8.10-" Hayward. Nile- and S»n Jo»o (Sun-
jloTonlT) 11»»»
COAST LINE (»"••>* «.a«f«;.
(Koot <»f .Moricec Street.)
8.15* New»ri, CcnterTllle. 8«nu- Josa.
Felton. Bouioer Creelt, SanU
Crni and War Stations •.•*»
t2.16»' Newark. Centerrtlle. 8an Jote.
Kew Alnn.den.Lo* O»to-.Fe:ton.
Bonlder Creel.. Santa Crna and ._„
Princlpnl Way Station* tlO-55*
A Mr Newark. San Joie. LoaUatottXtd I »8.55 »
waytt-tlon* ItiOoa.*
a9 30p Hnnrem Tr*In. Saturday only. Saa
Jo»e and Way Station*. Return-
ing from lx>» Gato* Sunday «nly. 11 25l»
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
from »AN * 1SAS CISCO. Foot of Market St. (SI!? <»
— 17:19 >:W) 11:00 a.m. 1-00 3.00 6.15 p.m
From OAKLAND. Foot of Broadway — 16:0U ti:OI
10:0) A.M. 1200 2-00 4-00 -»¦-».
COAST LINE (Broad ItHw).
fir Ct'nlH and TuTTB»end Street*.)
B.10* Saa Jotcitnd W»t Station* 6 30?
7 00* San Jo«e and W»y Station* G.38f
800* Kew Almaden (Tafi.. Frtd.. only). 4-1--"
5 00* Th" Coaster— Stop* only Sao .Jo«e.
Gllroy (Connection for Bolll*-
tar). Pajsro. CastroTlIle (cot.
nertton to and from Moaterey
¦ ml Pacific tirove), Salinas, Saa
Ardo, Paso Rohte*. Santa M«r-
Ctrtta. San Lnlt ObUpo. prlnctpat
ttations thence Si:rf (eonnectloa
fnr Lotnpoc). principal ttattoB*
thence s»n:n B«rbar*.Saa Baena-
Tentiir*. Saueus. Lo* Angeles... 13 43?
(.CO* flan Jose. Tra* Pino*. Ctpltola,
: 6ant»Cru*.Pacl0cnroTe.Saltnaa,
¦ San I.nt* Ohlapo and Principal
W*y Stations 4.10* 1
I 10.30* fan Jote and W«y SWttoni 1-20?
11 iOi Santa Clara. A«u Jote. Lo* Gito*
and Way Station* 7.30f
1-JDi- Pan Jose and Way SUtlon* 8 iS*
-k-bbr Del Monte Kxpr<-«« — Santa Clara,
ban Jo-tr. Del Uonte. Monterey.
Pacific drove (connects at Sact*
Clara for Santa Cruz. Boulder
Creek and Narrow Gauge Point- >
¦t Gllroy for Holllster. Tre*
Plnos. at 'Cti-trriTtlle for Sallnat. 12-1S*
ZiQr Tre* Plnos W»- Passenser 10 4S*
> 4 Stir Fan .Tote and Way Station* +800*
! 15 00'- San Jose. (vl» Santa Clara) Lo*
Unto*. *nd Principal Way Sta-
tions (except Sunday* *9 CO*
ib 30-* SanJoieandPrtnctp<-lW»ySt--!mis 59 43*
6-LCp Soutet Llmltert.— Kedword. San
Jose. Gllroy.Salina*. Paso Koblet.
fc»a Luis obltpo, Santa n.trhara,
Lot Angeles, {temtafr. El P«s«.
Kew Orieao*. New York. CO!»-
nects at P»j .ro for Santa Crns
snd at CiuitroTilln for PaetCa '
OroTe and TVs- Station* 7 19*
tC Mr Eau Mateo. Beresford.Belmont.8-B
Carlo*. Redwood. Fair Oak*.
Men!oPi_rlc. Palo Alto ttMS*
8 JCr San Jose tnd Way Stations. 8-39*
8 OQr Pt'.r> Altu and Way Statlone 10.1S*
11 .iQr south -mi Fraarl.iro, M U'.hrte. Bar
llngame. San Mateo. Belmont.
San Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oaks,
Menlo Park, and Palo Alto 9. 4S-"
1 o11.30f MaTfleld. Mountain View. Sunny-
vale. Lawrence. Sa_.ta Clara and
| _^ Ssn Jose t».4B?
A fur Horn m*. P for Afternoon.
+ Sunday excepted. t Sunday only.
a Saturday only.
I Stop* at all stations on Sunday.
tar'Oniy tratns (topping at Valencia St. *ont_ino«ai
»r»»:lft A.U.,~.:0n*.it: 11:30 A.M., 3:. »IM«.. 8:30 r. _!.*-»
1:00 p.m.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCldtU Afiu NUKTH PACIFIC
EAILWAT COMPANY.
Tl-nron X>erry. root of Mariet Street.
SAXT rRAIICISCO TO BAIT »A_PAEI_.
WEFK DAYS — 7:30, 0:UO. 11 :CU a. m.; 12:;>*
3:H0. .1:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursday*— Extra tr!»
at 11:30 p. m.
Saturdays — Fxtra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS — S.I1V 9::;0,- 11:00 a. m.; l:3O. 3:30.
5.UO, «:20. U::a> p. m.
SAN HAPAEL TO SAIT rSASTCXSCO.
: WEEK DAYS — «:€5. 7:_-5. 7:30. 0:20. 11:13
a. m.; 12:30. 3:40. 5:00, 5:20 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:05 and 8:35 p. ro.
;SUXDAYJ_-8.0o. 0:40. 11:15 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40,
| 4:.--.. 3:C5. 6:25 p. m.
J EeTvei I In Effect j AitIv*
San Francisco. f Sept. 27. 1803. (San rrandsco.
Week 1 Sur- I Destlni- I Sun- I WeeiT
Days. ) day*. | tlon. |_days. f Days.
7 :30 • 8 :00 a oTlbaf 8~40 a
9:30 a Ignacio. 10:4Oa!l0:2Oa
S:30p 3:30 p 6:05 p 6:20 o
S:10p 5:00p 7:33 pi
7:30 a 9:10 at 9:40 a
8 :00 a Nova to. 10:4O a 10:20 a
3:30 p »:S0a Petaluma 6:05 p «:20p
5:10 p 3:30 p t ond 7:35p
j 5:Q0p Santa Roaa.
T:30a 10:4Oa!10:20a
8:00a Fulton. 7:33r 6:_»p
8:30 p 3:3Op | v
Wlnd»or. j ,
7:30a 8:00a Healdsburj. 10:40a 10:20a
Lytton.
3:30 p 3:30 p Geyservllle, 7:35 p 6:20 p
I" Cloverdale. .
7:30 a] 8:00 a) Hopland '10:40 a!10:20 a
3:30 p| 3:30 pi and Lklah. |7:33p| 6:20 p
7:30 a| 8:C0a| ( Wlllits. J 7:33 pi 8:20 p
7:30 a! 8:C0a| ~~ 110:40 atlO:2O a
3:30 p| 3:30 p| Guemeville. [ 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 a| 8:00 al Sonoma. |9:10a| 8-4Oa
S.lQpl 5:0>p[ Glen Ellen. | 6:05 pj 6:2Op
7:30 al 8:0O a| 110:40 allO:2O a
3:30p|3:S0p| Sebastopol. I 7:35 pi 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Quentin; at Santa Rosa for Whit* Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altruria and Mark West
Sprinw ai I.ytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
serville for Ska_:-;s Springs: at Cloverdale for
the Geysers. Boonevllle and Greenwood; at
Hopland for Duncan Springs. Highland Spring*
Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. I_ake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at.Uklah for Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs. Upper Lake. Pomo.
Potter Valley, John Day's. RlveraMe. Llerly'-.
BuckmM's Sanhedrin Heights. Hullville. Orr"a
Hot Spring*. Halfway House. Coraptche, Camp
Stevens. Hopkins, Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg
Wet'.port. U*al; at Win its for Fort Brags
1 Westport. Slwrwood. Cahto. Covello. l_ayton-
vtlle. Cummlngs. Bell's Springs. Harris. Ol-
sen's. Dyer. Garbervllle. Pepperwood, Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Sunday round-trip tickets at re-
duced tales.
On Sunday round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket offices, 6S0 Market street. Chronlcl*
balld.es.
H. C WHITING. Hr. X RTAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pa**. Agt.
Weelsly Can $1.00 dbt Year
DEATH NOTICES.
Continued From Page Thirteen.
r.f her mother. 1C16 Seventeenth street, ,
Thence to St. T*re«-a> Church where a re-
quiem maf* will be celebrated for the"
jose of fcer soul, commencing at 9 o clocK.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery-
KAUFFMANN— In Melrose. .Tanuarj' H, 190*.
Hermarn C. W.. only son of » erm^ n "^: h b::
end Josephine K. Kauffmann. and brother
of Louise ar.d Anna Kauftmann. a n«t»*e «
?p.n Fronrisce.. aged 10 years 1 month and lb |
and acquaintance* are respect-
fully invited to attend t*. ? fun'ral f erv !e* 8
SSaturdav afternoon. January 16. 3 '™Z;_ 1 "
] :30 o'rlork. at the residence of hi- jarenu.
Ontral a^enue, opposite the Three-M.le
Hous-. t? B n L-anfiro road. Interment bt. ,
iliri'f Cemetery. !
KAVENT-ln this city. January 14 l»04.
Anna il. Kaveny. be'.oved ci«er of Mrs
Amelia B»!lard and Walter Kaveny and ,
aunt of John Ballard. a native of RnB-
land. aced 46 years 7 months and 10 da.--
KELLV-In this city, January 13. 19<>4. Eli'n.
relirt of th, late Daniel Kelly of han Jose, ,
mother of the late DaniH and Maggie Kelb,
end aunt of her devoted niece*. Mm. J. «j.
f".__i" and the late Mrs. J. Moriartv a na-
• \W7 of OoUaty Kcrrr. Ireland, aged SO year-
i tanmX -iM take place to-day
(Friday) at 9-'-M o'clo'-k. at St. Joseph a
Church" San Jcs?. where a requiem hign
• rr._.«s will be rei-brat..! for the repose Of
, her soul after the anival tf the . o clock
' train fr_^n Third and Townsend streets San
Francisco. Remains nt the parlors of Me-
' Kadden. McBrearty A- Green. 11. 1 Mission
¦tract. b*t-«en Seventh and Kighth. .'lease
omit flower*.
LEHRKE-ln this city. January 13. 1004. Kva
I'hristine, beloved wife cf the late Henry j
Lehrke. mother of I-ou'.sa Lehrkc and the |
late' Ausus: Taubmann, and tteDmother of ,
4. W.. Q. F. and the late W. C. Lehrke, a j
nafive'of Germari.v, aged C6 yfar* 7 months
nnd 10 days.
C_TFriends and acquaintances are respect- |
fullv Invited to attend the runeral tu-day j
< Friday i at 1 o'clock, from her late resi- I
<le_ice * iO. Minnesota etreet. Potrero. and i
thence by electric lur.eral oar leaving ElRht-
eejith BTii Guerrero Ftreets at 2:45 o'clock
to Cycreaa Lawn Cemetery for Interment.
Interment private.
McNAMARA-ln this city, Januan" 13. 1904.
Patrick. l«?loved husband or th- late Bridget
McX*mara. and father of Jame*. l>e!l. An- |
nie. V;im<-. F^tri<-k and the late Jobs J. j
and Roger McNamara, Mrp. IJ. Riley and i
. Mrs. J. Miller, a native of County Clare,
Ireland, aged 70 years. !
CTFriends and acquaintance? are respect- j
fully Invited to attend the funeral Saturday. I
January 16. at 9:_o o'clock, frum his late
refiJence. 37 Converse street, thence to St.
.To*eptr* Church, where a solemn requiem
' -mass will be celebrated for the reoose of ,
hi* f-0i.il. eomroencini. at 1« o'clock. In.er-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery. ¦
MAGXES- In Oakland. Januan' 1*. 19M, |
Sophie, beloved wife of David Magnes,
mother _f J. Ix^n. IrziP I>.. Eva. Tessie and
Roealind Magnes. ar.d daughter of Mrs. Pau-
line Abrahamson. a native of Filehne, l>rov- J
ince Pe«en. Germany, eeed Til year* 10 i
rnrinths and 27 <ia>*.
C-TXotice of funeral hereafter. j
MEFSPLAT— In the <"ity and County Hoppl-
ta!, Januarj- 14, 10<>4, I^eroy H. Messplay,
a rative of Nebraska, ag»d "3 years.
JirLLIN— In th{% city. January 14, 1904,
.T«me«. husband of Julia Mullln, and father
Of Georce A. Muliir, Mrs. F. W. Pilsbry
»nd Mr*. J. B. Pinkham. a native of Pt. j
.Tohn N. B.. aged d> years S months anl 11 |
da>-.
C-TThe funeral services will be held to-
rr.orrpw (Saturdays, at 11 o'clork. at the
cremat^rj' a* Odd Fellows' Cemeter>'. under j
The nus;.ice« cf lvanhoe Lodge No. B, K. of .
P. Please omit flowc-rs. i
Ml'LLOY— In th:* city, January 14. 1'.(<M. Kate |
M. MuKoy, Leloved mother cf Cliarief> W. j
and __11_ F. Molloy and Mrs. Kdw. N. K»<y'. j
C-TFriends and acquaintances are respect- ¦
fuliy !rvite.l to attend tin? luneral Saturday i
-nornir.g. Janunry It;. 1»A4. at !» o'clock, j
fxom her late residence. I."fi3 GoMen Gate ,
avenue, thenre to Holy Cress Church, where !
a solemn requiem raws will be celebrated j
for th" repose of h»r soul, commencing at |
!>:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ctme- •
tetir. . |
MTXF.S-In th'.*' city, Januarj- 12. 19O4. j
Sarah M_ret_, beloved wife of Louis Mver*.
»ind mother of Gladys Myers, a native of j
San Franriscc. agfd 2'» year*.
CTTl-'e funersi will teke rlace to-day i
'Friday*, at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. .'6 Sheridan street.
POLLACK— In this city, January 13. l'.WH.
Johanna. belo\f*d wife of Adolph 1'ollack.
mother of Alexander Pollack and Mrs. Louis J
«'chn, and dearly beloved sisfr of Mathilda j
Herts, a native of \Vl!«e<_t. Gerir.any, aged ¦
O years K m^n'hf and 13 days. ;
(TTFriend* ard acquaintance* are respect- I
fully invit*- 1 ! to attend the funeral to-day I
• Friday*, at 1<» o'clork, Ircm hf-r late red-
*ienc», i:!23 Fi'.lmore ftreet. Interment Home |
ft Peace Cerr.eterj'. by 11:30 o'clock train j
from Third and Townrend streets. . ;
PorPER- In this city. Jaauar." 14. 1904. i
Charles Popper, husband or the late little j
Popper, and father of Max and the late I
Bertha Pcrper.
C-T'Ifitfrrrrent private.
FTTTICK— In th's c.ty, January 14, !»04, i
Williatn PuHiek. beloved hurband of I_ouisa j
Puttiok. and .rrandfsther r.f William and
George Pitt, a native of England, ar"d *i~
>ears end .1 monthj«.
RILET — In this city. January J.1. 1304. Jamc*.
beloved husband <>'. Ann Riley. and belovfd i
father cf Jame_= P.. Margaret and Minnie i
Fliiey and Mrs. A. Arnold, a native of Liv- |
erne.!. England. j
C_TFriends and acquaintanceii are respect- I
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
<Paturday>. at & o'clock, from his late resl-
fi'u^e, 1_?S Page Ftreet, thence to- Sacred
Heart Church, where a requiem high masw j
will be celebrated for the repose of his sou; j
at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Crop* i
Cemetery, by electric car frcm Eighteenth
and Guerrer-) ttreet*. •
ROXT.URG— In this city, January 13. 1304.
Retta. beloved oau,7hter of Joseph and Clara
Rexburg. a native of pfnr.rylvanla, aged 15 I
years r, months and C4 days. |
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect- !
fully invited to att«-nd th*' funeral Saturday, |
January 16. 1IW4. *t 10::50 o'clock, from the !
• residence of her parents. .T95 Guerrero strrei, j
thenre to Ml*$ion Dolorrs Church, where 1
*er\icc« will be held at 11 o'clock. Inter-
rrent Holy Cross Cemetery. !
6IMS— In thi* city. January 13. 1904. Susie J
A., beloved wife of Peter Pirn*, mother of I
Marrie. Ellfn. Ir*n*. Oeor^e an.l Willie
-?iir._. end a*«er of J>:r«. William Hurlbert.
a native of Fan Francisco, aged 2<i years «{
months and 1_> isyr ,
C-^Friends and acquaintances are respect- j
fuily inv'.ttd is attend the funeral to-day !
• iFriday). pt 9:.'Xi o'clock, frcm the parlor* |
' «-.r the Uetrry J. Gallagher ITndertaking
Company. r"ifth street, thence to Pt.
Pet«r> Churf-h for tit tee*. Interment Holy
Cros* <*en»»-ter3'. '
SMITH— In this city. Januarj- 13. 1C-04. Mamie I
Balth, dearly be!ovd wife of Albert B.
Smith, beloved daughter of Mrs. J. Finn,
and M<tr of Nicholas Postage, a native of j
Pan Franclf-co. aged _T7 vears 10 months and
:; da: •¦
EPRANtJKR— In Alameda. January 14. 19O4.
I_oulFe Aln-.a Hr-ranger. beloved wife of J. F.
Sprarger. a rative cf New York, aeed 48
yearn 10 months snd fl days.
t7Fr!»nd» and acquaintance? are respect-
fully Invite,, to attend the funeral Saturday.
Januarj' 1<".. at 10 o'clock, from the resi-
dence. ;_Ui5 Y-rdi street, corner Railroad
avenue. Cremation Oakland Crematory.
ETVTZ— In this rltv. January 14. 1904. Wil-
liam, dearly beloved »cn of Anna and the
iate Ja<ob Stutz, end beloved brother of
John and Frederick Stutz. a native of San
Frarxisro. as'd 14 year* and 20 days, j
tt-yFrienrts and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow "Saturday), at 1 o'clock, at his
lat«s riitidence. 22f*» Jones street, betweeji
Greenwich and Lombard. Interment Holy
Croe* Cemetery.
SULLIVAN— In thi* city. January 14, 1904.
Jame* W.. beioved son r,t Daniel J. and
Hannah M. Sullivan, and beloved brother of
Annie, Mabel and Daniel Sullivan and Mis.
Leo J. McGinn, f. native of San Francisco,
aged 27 years.
C-TFriends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral Sunday, January 17, at
12:30 o'clock, from the residence of his 1
parents, 1339 Fulton «tr«et, thence to St.
Agnes Church for wrvices. commencing at
1 o'clock. Interment Holy Cro«a Cemetery.
WILLCOX — In thi* city. January 12. l»04,
Emma J., beloved wife of George W. Wll-
cox, and mother of William H. and Elmer
R. Willcox. a native of New York, a^ed 54
year? 9 month* and 17 days. (New York
and Peekrhill. N. Y., papers please copy.)'
6_TFrlends and acquaintance* are re*j>ect-
tSgjc Or.R.L Walsh
«• " 847 Ccary St
Ur.tl'y *u..ilt. Saratoga Ht!I
ft educed Rates for Thirty Days
Painless extraction 25c
flMlnis 50c
• Crowns $2.00 to $5.00
/ Plate Work . . . 55.00 to $25.00
Imx rei teis as. ties oteex oh.
fullv invited to attend the funeral services.
Friday. January 15. 1904. at 1:30 o'clock,
at the mortuary chapel of the Golden Gate
i:ndertaklng Company. 2475 Mission st«f«;
near Twenty-first. Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery. b>' electric funeral car from
EigMeenth and Guerrero street*.
WINSOR— In this city, January 13. 1004, Au-
gustus TV., beloved husband of Ella A. \\ ln-
eor, a native of John»ton, R. I., aged tW
yearn 11 month* and 6 days.
C-TServlce- will be held to-morrow (Satur-
day), at 8:30 o'clock, at hi* late residence.
U521 Seventeenth street, between York street
and Potrfro avenue. Interment Mount Oli-
vet Cemetery. .'
MARKS BROS. ;
CALIFORNIA
LIMITED TO CHICAGO
. LEAVES DAILY
At 0:30 a. m., throuffh in 3 dayi.
with diner and all trapping.. t <
i •
Other S__nta P« Trains!
7:30 a. m. | for <s toc i,ton. Fre«_o. BaJcentttld.
9:30 a. m.f j_ erce< j. Hanford and Vlsalia.
8:00 p.' m. J • ,
4 :0O p. m. for Stockton.
8 :0O p m. for Kansas City. Grand Canyon and
Chicago. **,
TICKET OFFICE— «41 Market St.. and
rerry Depot, S. 7. Also 11X3 Broad-
way, Oakland. CaL 27 Sonth Pint
St., San Jose.
H CAZADERO, Etc.
_______ *** Sausalito Ferry.
Suburban Sen-Ice. Standard Gauge Electric—
Depart from San Francisco Dally-7:W>. 8:00.
9:00. 10-.CO. 11 :W a. m.. 12:20. 1:45. 3:__. 4:15.
5-15 «15 7:00. S;45. 10:20. 11:45 p. m.
FROM 6 AN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
—Daily— 5:25. e:35. 7:40. 8:35. 9:35. 11:05 a.
m, 12:20. 1:45. 2:55. 3:45. 4:45. 5:45. 6:45.
s-4*5 10:20 p. m.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRAN-
nsco Daily — 5:45. 6:55, 7:52. 8:55w 9:53,
11-20 am.. 12:35. 2:0<». 3:15. _:05, 5:03. 6:03.
7C5. 9:C0. 10:3.% P. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
8:00 a. m. dally — Cazadero and way stations.
5:15 p. m* week days (Saturdays excepted)—
Tcmalea and way stations.
3:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
Sunday* only — 10 a. m.. Point Reyca and
way stations.
TICKET OFFICK— 62C Market St.
FERRY— Union Depot, foot of Market *t.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
• Leav« Tit, Snalit* fwrj Arrive
San Ft-nd-co ttatatJUzttitk San Fran dap
Week Sun- San- I Week
D»y». days >H*»S<BV days Days.
•11.11 IA'H:OOa ggffigfrBa 12:05p 107*51
•l:46f 0:O0a 1fi£jS_SB_9r l:2_r 3:30?
5:15p 1O:OOa »:50p 5:50p
ll:OO A xSSS9£r 4:S0r »:50>
l:48p TJ_Sfi_r 5:5«p
•3:10p ; T:5Op , ,,.
;--**-¦-« witktt-pfcr T Hf^si-t¥gknrh^
TKCr 1 «U6 M akkbct ST..(Nort_i Shore Railroad)
tfftCB ) and Sausauto Fuit. Foot Uvkat StOU Stock— .- • Bid. Aske<
Alma •• ••••
Apollo ........ , • "*-> '•••
Asscciated Trust Certificates. 17 19
In spite of the fact that the market is handi
capped by the Iqwer. Western markets, it seems
to be gradually workinjr Into better ehJpe.
Llmas, - small Whites ; and ¦ Reds have r b««n
quoted firm of late and now Pinks are showing
more tone. Trade is still very dull, however. ¦
BEANS— Bayos. $2 S5«2 50; Pea $3 23:But
ters $3; smair AA'hitc. $2 S5@S; large White,
f2-4b@2i!0; Pink. $2 C5<5:2 SO; Red, $4 2o@4 50;
Lima $3^T13; Red Kidneys. $4 25; .Black
eye $2#2 15 per ctl;'Horse Beans. $2@2 50.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $.'{; Yellow, Mus/
tard. $2 Co®2 80; Flax. $1 S0@l 90; Canary,
5®5Vib for Eastern: Alfalfa, ll@14c: Rape,
l J ,4e2c: Timothy. B@6%c; Hemp 3Vi@3%c per
lb- Millet. 3®3%c; Broom Corn Seed. , $20@23
P °DRIED FE AS-rNominal. -
Beans and Seeds.
. On June 30 there ivere. : under- con,
struction in Great Britain, by : Lloyd's
Register, 49* vessels, with a' gross ton
nag'e ofl,263;313,: aguftisrS€8~a year sigo,
with a tonnage of 1,286,367.
Articles^ — • Open. Hlrh. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2 — < .
May 1 S7>i 87% S6% 86%
July..... 81% 82% - 81% 81%
September ". - 78% . 79% 7S% - -7SV*
Corn No. 2 — . . ;
January «!4 4K .44% 44%
May ....• 48 49% 47% 48%
July 47% ?7% 47-- .47
• Oat« No. 2 — .,
January 37% 3S 37 % BS
May 40-^ 4)% 40% 40%
July 30% 3«% 30%. .36%.
Mess Pork, per bb!—
January .... 12 72%
May 13 15 13 30 12 95 12 97%
Lard, per 100 lbs — .
January <! SO 0 80 0 67% . 6 C7%
May ;...........«•> 92% 7 02% tf 110 «6ltO.
July 7 02% 7 12% 6 95 *- 6 95
Short Rib*, per 100 Jbs — ..-1 .-.-
Januu-y 0 42% (1 42% 6 27% 6 27%
May ........... C> 70 « 75 « 67% 6 CO
July ........... M 77% 0 77% 0 70 : 0 70
Cash quotations were "as follows: '.Flour,
firm; No. 2 spring wheat, 82$.SUcrNo. 3, 75®
85o; No. 2 red, 82%@SSc; No. 2 corn, 45c; No.
2 ' yellow, '47r; Xr.. 2 oats, 38@39%c; *No. 3
white. 3»<^9%c; No. 2 rye. 54c; good feeding
barley. 40<5f42c; lair to choice - malting, « 4<f®
f>sc : No. 1 naxseed, 98c : No. 1 , Northwestern,
$1 04; prime timothy seed, $3 25; mess porK,
per bbl. 112 87%@13; lard, per 100 lbs, $6 70
<?t5 75; short ribs sides (loose), $« 32%Wtf 37%;
, ehort clear eides (boxed). $0 C2%Q0 75; whls-
Hops continue the leading description under
this : head being, very firm and In" active de
mand, with buyers bidding 17%c for the new
1904 crop, with none - or the growers selling
at this figure as far as reported.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
abr.ut under quotations. Heavy. Salted
Steers Oc: medium, 8c: light.' 7%c: Cow Hides.
7%c for heavy «nd 7%c for light; Stags, 5c;
Salted Kip, 9c; Salted Veal.* 10c: Salted Calf.'
10%c: dry Hides. 15©16c: dry' Kip. 13c; dry
Calf. ISc: Sheepskins, s-hearllngs, 25@30c each;
short Wool. 400.65c each; medium. 70@90c: long
Wool."-*1©1 30; > Horse. Hides, salt, $2 75 <or
large and $2&2 50 for medium. $1 25Q1 75 for
small and 50c for Colts. - Horse Hides, dry.
$1 75 for large and $1 50 for medium. Jl@l 25
for small and 50c for Colts. Buck Skins — Dry
Mexican. 31c: dry salted Mexican. 25c; dry
Central American. 31c. . Goat Skins— Prime An
goras, 75c: larije and smooth, 60c; medium, 35c;
small. 20c. • ' »
• TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4c per lb: No. ;
2, ZV'C: grease. 2%©3c.
WOOL— Fall clip— San Joaquln Lambs'. -99
lie Middle County. 11012c: Northern Free.
11012c; Northern Defective. lOO^llc: Humboldt
and Mendoclno, 12@14c: Nevada, 13®15c; Ore
con fine, 18«?19c: Oregon medium. 17c per Ib.
HOPS— 25g27V4c per lb for California.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
Bran, Middlings and Shorts are again higher
Hay Is very strong, and occasional sales of a
car or so over the quotations are reported '•
BRAN— 520 5Gfl21 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— *27@2S 50 per ton.
SHORTS— $20 5C@21 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley. $23 5O@24 50
per ton; Oil Cake Meal at the mill, $27@28 60-
Jobbing, $2!>@30; Cocoanut Cake, $21622; Corn
Meal. *284i-'S 50; Cracked Corn, $2S@29; Mixed
Feed 122023;. Horse Beans, $.".0<§J0 per ton.
HAY— Wheat. 514@17 50; Wheat, and X3at
$14010 50;, Oat, JWilG; Wild Oat. $13@15
>Barley. $12^14 50;. Stock nominal— none here;
Alfalfa. $12:313 50 per ton. . ... -
STRAW— 5C®75c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Chicago was much lower and the situation
there Is peculiar. One side is buying against
large receipts and accumulating stocks and the
packers are selling. The. country is - doing
the buying, though the market is selling oft
on account of long lines of outside holdings
coming out. Operators • look for continued lib
eral receipts of Hogs and accumulating; sup
plies of the cured m-oduct. '
This market is weak at the decline already
noted, with dealers disposed to cut under one
another, especially in Hams and Bacon.
CURED - HE ATS^Bacon. H%c Der lb for
heavy. il2c for light medium. 14c for fight,
14%c for -extra light, 17c for sugar-cured au.d
18V.c for extra sugar-cured: Eastern sugar
cured Hams. 13%c;- California Hams, 12%@
13c; Mess Beef, $11 50 per bbl; extra Mess,
*12®12 50; Family,- $13; prime Mess Pork.
$16: extra clear. $24; Mess. $18: Dry Salted
Pork, 11 'Ac; Pig Pork, $28 1 Pigs' Feet, $5 25;
Smoked B'eef. ir«: 5>er lb:
-LARD — Tierces quoted at 7%c per lb for
compound and 9o for mire:' half-harrels. pure.
9%c- 10-lb Una. 0 a 4c; 5-lb tins, 9%c; 3-lb tins,
10c. - '¦ '¦''.'
COTTOLENE— One . half barrel. 8%c: three
half barrels. 8%c; one tierce. S%c; two tierces,
8%c; five tierces, S%c per lb. :
Provisions.
CHICAGO, Jan. 14.— Dispatches indicating
that war may be averted led to heavy sell
ing of wheat, to-day during the last hour of
trading:. The market closed ragged, with
prices %@%c lower, than yesterday. May com
showed a final gain of %c', oats %c, but pro
visions were 10c to H5c. lower.
The opening in wh-at was a trifle easier, in
fluenced by liberal receipts . in the Northwest
and by an advance In the price of British
consols. The sentiment quickly changed, how
ever, and a strong undercurrent set in, which
carried the price steadily upward. The ad
vance was due to a considerable extent to the
display of strength shown In coarse grains,
although moderate buying by the big bull in
terest had a noticeable effect. After opening
%c to %@%c lower, at 87%c to S7%c, May
climbed up gradually with some slight pet
backs until It had reached the 87%c notch'
A . cablegram from Argentina mentioned tho
incessant rains prevailing throughout ' the
wheat section, and I thig gav« encouragement
to buyer*. Dry weather in the Southwest and
on the Pacific Coast was also construed as a
bull factor. During the last hour the • early
strength gave out, and under heavy liquida
tion the market started on a rapid decline
Influenced by peaceful cables there was quite
general selling late in the day by local trad
er*, who were also laboring under the im
pression that the leading long was sell Ins
through brokers. Before the downward course
w.is checked May sold at The close
was weak, with May at 8C%c. Clearances of
wheat and flour were equal to S9.8OO bushels.
Corn was active and strong. The close
found May at 4S%c, a gain of %c over-yes
terday's final figures. .
Oatt were excited ar.d Strong. May "closed
at 4<r%c, a gain of J ,»c for the day. The open
ing was %c lower, at 40%c.
Provisions were steady early in the day on
the strength in coarse grains. Later in the
besslon J the market eased off on selling by
outside interests as well as by local packers.
The lower prices at the yards were partly re
sponsible for the selling: movement. The close
was weak, with May pork 25c -lower at S12 95©>
12 97%. May lard was off 10c at $C 60, and
ribg down lC(gl2%c at*$O CO.
Estimates receipts for to-morrow. 40 cars.
The leading futures ranged as follows: .
Chicago Grain Market.
Bid. Ask. 'Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup.. 107% — ; 4s qr cp newl3.1%l34%
4s qr reK...107%108i4!3» qr coup.. 108 —
MISCELLANEOUS . BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. — — O T Co 6s.. 116% —
Bay CPC 6s.l01%103 Do 5s 109 —
Cal C G 5s. — 107 Do con 5s. 100 105
Cal C & E g Oceanic S 5s. — 75
m & ct 5s. — 104 Ora Cable «s.l20 124
Cal-st 5s 114 — Pac G Im 4s. — 9H
C C Wat 5s. — 400 P E Ry 5s.lO4X;iC5
Ed L & P Cs.120 ' — P & C H 6s.10.1i-; —
F & C H 6s. — 117 P & O R «s.H6% —
Geary-at 5s.. 45% 90 Powell-st «s.H3»4 —
H C&S 5%s.lO4 — SF & SJ.VJto. — 118%
H C &. S 5s. — 100 PE G&R 5s. — 100%
Hon R T Cs.106 — S R of C 6s.ll2% —
L A Elec 5s. — — S P of A 6s
L A Ry os.112% — (1900) 105 105%
L A L Co 6s. — — (1910) 106%lC6%
Do gtd 6s. — — S P of C 6s
Do gtd 5s. — 104% (19O5)Sr A.irtt 104
LAP lcm 63.101^104 B.104 —
Mkt-st C «s.ll4%117 (19»l(lj 104% — '
Do lcm 5».113%114% . (1912) 115% —
NRR of CCs.105 1C5% SP C 1 eg 5b. — ' ~
Do 5s — 118 Do stmpd. — 108%
N PC R 5s. — 105% S P B R 6s.l33 —
NCR 5s.. — 112 S V W 6«..106%
N C «P C 5s. — 100 D o 4s 2dm. 99% —
N S R R 5s. — '-100 Do 4» 3dm. 98%
O G L H Ss.107% — 6tkn G&E fls. — 102
O TV gtd 5a. 100 1 17 G A E 5s. — — •
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa— 41 IFort Costa... — —
Marin Co... — C5 IS V W Co. 40% 41%
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent 1, & P. 3% 4% S F G & E. 57% 68
Mutual E L. 7 9 Stkn G A K. 6 —
Pac L Co.. 53% — U G & E. 33
Sac E G & R —
• TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES
S F G & E. — — I
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fnd.330 350 |
BANK STOCKS. j
Am Ntl Bk. — 130 L P A A... — 170
Anglo-Cal ..85 02% Mer Trust... — 232%
Bank of Cal.445 — Merch Ex... —
Cal Safe Dp.147% — S F Natlonl. — —
First Nationl — —
. SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & 1^.. — 2300 Sav A L So. OT 100
Hum S & L. — — Sec Sav Bk. — 450
Mutual Sav. 100 — Union T Co ¦ —
S F Sav U.620 650
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..197U205 IPresldlo 38 —
Geary — 80 1
POWDER.
Giant — '60%!vigorlt .,...— v g
SUGAR. *
Hana P Co. .— 03c Kllauea S C. — " 5
Hawaiian C. 42%-44 Makawell C -2V.
Honokaa S C 12% 12% Onomea S C - — 30
Hutch S P C. 6 7% Paauhau S C 14 U
--, : - MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P "A.143%144% Oceanic S C. 4 5
Cal F C A. 94 —f Pac Aux FA 5 —
Cal Wine A. Q3% — 5 ip ac C Borxfl67 —
Morning Session.
Board —
S.Alaska Packers' Ajfoclatlon...l40 00
5 Alaska 'Packers'. Association... 14O B<>
80 California Fruit Canners* Assn 94 0O
20 Honokaa S Co 1° 25
10 S F Gas & Electric Co....".* 57 50
20 S F Gaa & Electric Co 5S 00
10 ff F Gas & Electric Co.. 57 S7%
I 25 S F Gas & Electric Co 57 75
55 Spring" V«lley Water Co. ....... 41 00
$10,000 Spring Valley « per cent 106 50
'¦ Street —
$3,C0O Market-st Ry 1st con -5s.. 114 00
SS.Oftt Pac Klectric Ry 5 per cent... 105 00
I2.CO0 S P Cal 1st con 5s. (stamped). .108 00
500 S P Cal 1st con, 3s (stamped).. 107 50
Afternoon Session.
Bo-rd—
10 Alaska Packers' Assn. s 90.... 143 0O
5 Alaska Packers Association... 143 00
70 Alaska Packers' Association.. .144 CO
•15 Alaska Packers' Association 145 0O
»r> Al'aEka Packers" Association.*. .144 25 j
10 Bank of California, a 5 446 50
200 Central Lliht & Power 4 00
J7.CC0 Ncr'Ry of Cal 5 per cent 105 00
$3,0CO Spring Val 4s <2d mtge) 09 60
Street — -' ' .
, 10 Mutual Savings Bank 105 00
UNITED STATES BONDS.
THURSDAY. Jan. 14—2 p. m
Stock and Bond Exchange.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Ptock — Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchison 7,600 «7V t 66% 67
Atchison pfd «70i> 88*4 8SH 88V«
Bait & Ohio 0,900 SO 73% 79V*
Bait & Ohio, pfd 89 1 /*
Canadian Pacific .. l«,C00 117 T i ll"\% 117
Central of N J 1W
Chet & Ohio 1,200 33U 33»i 33^,
Chicago & Alton ... 200 34ifc 33*i :«H
Chicago & A pfd .. l.OcK) KJ 82 S2>i,
Chicago 4; G W .. 3,500 1«H 1V% 16^
Chi & O W pfd.. 200 28!i ¦ 2S»4 28^
Chicago & N W 166
Chicago T & T .... 250 12% 12V4 12V4
Chicago T & T pfd 2,000 2*>H 25*4 25%
C C C & St Louis 7S
Colo Southern 750 ISM; 18V4 18 '
Colo So 1st pfd ' 66
Colo So 2d pfd ... 100- 27 27 2«>i
Delaware & Hud... 100 1«*$ 106 Ift4»i
Delaware L & W . 700 275 274^ 274V»
Denver & Rio G 20»4
Denver & R G pfd 100 70 70 «9
Erie 6,000 2SVi 27% 27T;
Erie l«t pfd MlO t>s 67*4 ««Vi
Erie 2d pfd 800 4SU 4S 47%
Great Nor pf-1 110
Hocking Valley 74
Hocking V.-l pfd 83U
Illinois Central 900 131U 130;^ 131
Iowa Central T..." SCO 22*4' 22 22
Iowa Central pfd. l,3Co 42 40 U 40^4
Kar.tas City So 19
Kcnsas City So pfd 2.200 37;i 3«H 36*4
Louisville & Nash. BOO 1(W. 1CS 107-^,
Manhattan L 1.C30 142% 142>£ 142^i
Metropolitan St Ry . S00 121*4 121 121
Minneap & St L .200.. JJ5J.4- &> l X C2
Missouri Pacific .. 6,000' f .K% 01% »1%
Mo. Kans & T , 200 17?<i 17^ 17
Mo, K & T pfd ... ' 700 39% 39',£ 39»i
Nation! of Mex pfd 39
N Y Central 1/200 120VA 1194 119%
Norfolk & Western 900 57% 57>* 57
Norfolk &• W pfd.. ....; 85
Northern Securities. : 89%
Ontario & Western 40O 21% 21% 21 >i
Pennsylvania 7"0 120 119^ 119%
Pittcbp.C C & St L 400 C-1'4 63 63
UraflinK 2.100 45 44U 44%
Reading l«t prd.... 200 7S»^ 7SVs "8%
Reading -d pfd-.. 58%
Rock Island Co.... GU.WOO 22 20% 21%
Rock 1 Co pfd 7C0 59 58% 59*4
St I: & S F 1st pfd .... 60
St L fi. S F 2d pfd- 200 40% 40% 40U
Ft L S W ".-•- £, 14
St Louis S W pfd. 200 3*% 34 %' 3 34
St Paul 7,400 143% 142% 142%
St Paul prd • 176}$
Southern Pacific .. 17.900 49% 48% 48%
Southern Railway . 2,300 20% 20% 20V*
Southern Ry pfd .. 3C0 79U 79 78
Texae &. Pacific ,. 1,700 23% 25 25%
Tol St L & W.... 300 20% 20 25%
Tol.' St L & W pfd " 38%
Union Pacific 13,000 79 78% 78%
rn»on Pacific" pfd 89»4
Wabash 3,200 20*4 20 20%
Wabash pfd 9.150 39 37% 38
Wheeling & I. E .. 100 17% 17*4 j li%
Wlgconsln Central. 1.3C0 .19% 19 19%
WlFconin Cen pfd. HAW $i% *-*; j.' 1
Express Companies — V • ' •
Adi-rr.s . . . ..... .... ...... --V
American •'•• .••• .... 190.
'Mted States .'.-.¦ l<>>
WelU-Fargo • ~. 205,
Misceilaneous — ¦ •
Amalpam Copper.. 2.000 W)% '49% 49%
Amer Car & Found 100 . '1S% 18% 1S%
Amcr Car & F prd ; ,.... 6<%
Amer Linseed Oil -•.¦ -9%
Amer Lin Oil pfd : 28
Amer Locomotive.. 4OO 17U 17 17U
Amer Loco pfd 200 7B% 7«% 76%
Amcr Smelt A- Ref. 900 4«% 48% 48
Amcr S & Ref pfd. 200 00% 90% 90
Amer Sugar Ref... 1.100 125% 124% 124
1 Anaconda Min Co 76
Rrklyn Rap Trans. 9,100 49% 48% 48%
Colo Fuel &. Iron.. 200 30 29% 28%
Colum & Hock Coal 500 14% 14 14%
: Consolidated Gas... 700 181% 191 lfll%
General Electric... 100 174 174 173
International Paper 10%
Jntetntl Paper pfd 64
International Pump .... 31
Internti Pump pfd. 70
National Biscuit .... 37
Nctiona! Lead 15%
North American K»14
Pacific Mail 1,600 \ 2S% 28% 28%
People** Gas 1,400 97% »7% 07%
Pressed Steel Car.. 100 27 27 27
Pressed S Car pfd .... 69
Pullman Palace Car 100 215 215 215
Republic Steel..... 100 «% 6% fi*i
Republic Steel pfd. 300 41% 4!% 41%
Rubber Goods 400 18% 17% 17%
Rubber Goods pfd. 73W
Tenn Coal A Iron.. 1,600 37% 38% 3fi%
IT p Leathers ....... W» ¦ 7% - 7% 7»4
ir S Leather pfd... 300 77 70% 78%
U S Rubber u^
U.S Ttubbsr pfd.... 600 43 42% 42%
U« Steel...' 3,400 10% ' 10% 10%
XI S fiteel pfd 31,000- 6S 57% 57%
Western Union 100 ' 87*i 87%. 87
Total saleit. . .357.200 shares.
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCLSCO."
NEW YORK, -Jan. 14. — No bond transac
tions to-day.HKRgQSH
AMERICAN JCAN COMPANY.
American Can common bid 3%, asked i; cre
, r erred bid • 32. asked 33.
Nczv . York Money Market.
NEW YORK, Jan. 14.— Call loans, 2£2>i per
cent.
In I>»cerrher, ltK>*?, the exports of Wine from
6an Francisco by tea were »s follows:
To — Gallons. Cases. Values.
Nf w York 571.2«7 - « $1S«,!H2
Hawaiian Islands :j*.!W5 313 19.H75
Mexico ..,,%«.•; 12.-57S*' «7- 4.7S0
Oniral America S.O32 JS9 4.518
Panama S.KH7 2. f .'72
Colombia 3.728 . . . 1.5(i{
Kr.glanl 12.fSCa 5.172
Tahiti L0.137 ... 3.OS5
British Columbia 2.011 32 S49
«~hina 1.147 ... 5C7
Jaj^an 1, *;«,"> 12 755
Manila 252 15 K.S
East Indies «4!> 10 .",70
Germany ::i6 ... i4<$
<*aro!ine Islands 202 ... 102
New Zealand 100 25 210
EU* where. 120 1 ' «J7
Totals «73,9S3 C70 1231.251
In I-tecerr.ber. 19C2. the exports were UO3.021
pallons ani *J»>4 cases, valued at $209,259.
The following shows the monthly exports by
eea during the year ending December 31, 1903:
Months. " Gallons. Cases. Values
January :;4!.5O1 314 $121314
February 4«fi.CS2 187. 143£gl
March «at,Mi 4590 215..'{:SO
-M-ril 67*.0.'» 412 ' 239.5.V>
May 74C.Ot51 4«<J 257,51:;
?*'£* 313,700 tm iio.fiss
July 790.24S #r?7 2(59 514
-* u K UJlt , 4fKt.73t> 4T..I 16s!fi44
-September 42C.224 2fS 14S 4"*9
October I.!r.«..;D0 4<*<J 3»UB0H
November 3W.K18 294 13.5,052
December 0TS.983 C70 . 23L251
T" 1^^ 7.030,306 5417 $2,131,292
The shipments by sea In lflO2. omitting the Ha
¦natian Uanda, v^r- tJSOL37» gallons and" 4157
«r,T£e« TV* f?-^ 871 - There was no rec
ord kept of the rtdpateata to the Hawaiian Isl
•nte i- ? or to Jun,- l. isu2. but after that date !
Weather Report.
U?fnh Meridian— Pacific Time )
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. U-5 P m
!fiK seasun. and rainfal, ; n last 24^.ol%
K.r^u^.v.v.v.v;;: 5T %% Hf
Fan Francisc, «, IS* Vjl
>r»-sno 00 0JB "i'-Vi
In4^rj»rvlepce fx , 0 « JS
tj " > i'™^^^ :.» o:Jo tm
f ™££OAST^RECORDr
S r : 5 5? »3 al 3
3 = = 33 -i ~- <5r -
STATIONS. ? *j " ?2 ?' =
¦¦ % I ¦¦ \ I
Bak»r 30.<X$ 3« 2K '"loudy 00
Carson :jO.10 »4 IK S Pf Cldy m
Eureka 30.22 54 42 8K Cloudy Tr
Fa ra lion -10.1* S2 r>«> NW Cloudy M
Fresno 30.14 R4 Si» NW <'Icar 00
Flagstaff :{0.0« 5« 14 S?W Clear *00
Pocat.Uo 30.12 3* 10 HE Cloudy !o<>
Independence .30.04 5*5 32 8 rlpar 00
lx« Ar.g«>!es....T0.0O 76 52 W Clear fx»
Mt. Tamalpais.30.lS S4 42 NW Clear .(*»
Phoenix 2».M 76 40 W Clear .<>»
Point Hfycr... 30.10 52 4S XW Cloudy .©<>
Portland SO C8 S4 SO W Cloudy .42
Red Bluff :>,0.14 5S S8 E Clear .00
Hoseburg ::0/12 50 40 SE Rain .18
?arran;ento ..TO.14 4t 34 E Cloudy .00
Salt Lak^ ZO 1« 02 1« B Clear .00
San F > rarc!Bx<..'J0.1S 66 4« SW Clrar .0<>
S. L. Obi*po...r,0 04 72 40 NW Clear ~.W
San Diego 3i».<k> et M 8 Cloudy .f»t
Seattle rjo.o* SO 44 NW Pt Cldy .34
Fpokane 2O.a4 4«5 4U SW Clear .00
Tatoosh 30. (*i 4« 44 NW Cloudy .20
"WsJla Wa!;a.. 30.00 56 N) g Cloudy .00
XVlnnemucca ..m.'.o 44 20 SW Cloudy .00
Vuraa 29 34 7C 4S E Clear .00
"WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAfcT.
The T>r<»surr continue* to fall rapidly over
. the wtfTera half of ths <-ountrj - . Duruur the
I.ai,t 2* hours there has been a fall of a third
of an inc'i in pressure over Utah.
Rain has fallen in Wa*hinston. Oregon.
Idnho and the extreme northwestern part of
California.
D?n?e for is rrported in the San Francisco
P.»y flletrlft and als , in the great valley
Jt it much cooler in Southern California.
I or<»cii!!t made at Kan Kranclnco for 30 hours
endin* January 15:
Northern California — Cloudy, unsettled |
weather KHfiRy. with rain in the nonhern por
tion: brisk south' ast winds on the northern
co«/=t: liglit curtrrly v.uv;»- elsewhere.
Southern i^ilUornia— Cloudy Friday; liffht
northeaftt -witi<5j>, rhanrlns to southwest.
Xf-i-ada — Rain or snow Friday In northern
portion; cloudy elsowhcre; fresh southerly
winds.
Ken Fntneisco and vicinity— Cloudy Friday,
possibly ILsrbt rain by night; tight easterly
wiade, chanrlnc to trtxh southeasterly.
A. G. McADIE. Dietrict Fosecaster.
Wine Extort Trade.
Nczv York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. Jan. 14.— The cotton market
closed steady, net 1 to 10 points lower.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market for
evaporated apples is generally quiet, with de
matid light, but prime fruit is firmly held.
Common. 4£?5c; prime, S'ie.; choice, 5@6c;
fancy. 6 1 4«57c.
PRUNES— Quiet. but steady to firm, at
prices ranging from 3«^c to (JVic, according to
Trade. • ' . ¦
APRICOTS— Are firm both here and on thu
coast. Choice are quoted at SMigfti^c- extra
choice. D^fflO^c, and fancy at ll@15c.
PEACHES — Quiet. Choice. 7%-f3SVic; extra
choice, ~%@HVtc, and fancy, 9V4@10V4c.
NEW YORK, Jan. 14— FLOUR— Receipts,
14.700; exports, 17.100 barrels. Sales, 11.2C0
packages. Quieter, but steady without change
AVHEAT— Receipts, 54*0 bushelfl; sales,
3,300,000 bushels futures. Spot, easy; No. 2
red, 05c to arrive; No. 2 red, sSc f. o. b.
afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth. ilSo f.'o.- b!
afloat: No. I hard Manitoba, nominal, t.
o. b. afloat. Options weakenpd at the opening
on higher consols, liberal Northwest receipts
arid liquidation?, but were -milled by strength
of coarse grains, at noon. Later they declined
a second time under room ?«elling, a poor ex
port trade and better foreign news. The close
was %c net lower.. Sales included No. 2 red
May, 00 ."MfiigflUie, closed COUc; July, 80%®
67 He. closed 8«%c.
HOPS— Firm.
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL — Firm.
PETROLEUM— Steady.
COFFEE— Spot Rio, steady; No. 7 invoice,"
7%c; mild, steady; Cordova, ' S}i@13c.
Coffee futures opened steady at unchanged
prices to a decline of 5 points, and closed 5©
10 points lower. March, 7. 25»i,7. 35c: May, 7.55
®7.7Oc; July, 7.S,'i<57.00c; September, 8.00®
8.20c: October. 8.15SS.20c, and December, S.25
(38.35c.
SUGAR — Raw, nominal; fair, refining, 2%c;
centrifugal. 06 test, 3%c; molasses sugar,
2%c; refined, quiet.
DRIED FRUITS.
Neiv York Grain and. Produce.
FRUIT — Apricots, 7%($9%e for Royals and 0
©lie for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples. 4®
5^c; sun-dried. 3@4c; Peaches, 4fgCi^c; Pears,
6610c: Nectarines, 4®5'^c; Figs, white, 4(g4%c
in boxes; black, -:i-c; Plums, pitted. 6@0c per
pound.
PRUNES— 1003 crop, 2%fJ2%c for .the four
sizes.
RAISINS — F. o. b. prices. Fresno, for 1003
crop: 50-lb. boxes — Loose Muscatel. 2-crown,
5%c per lb; 3-crown, 5%c; 4-crown, tt^c; Seed
less Muscatels. 4Vic: do, floated. 4Hc; un
bleached Sultanas, i\io\ Thompson's Seedless.
5if|T\ London Layers — 2-crown, $1.25; 3-crown,
$1 35; 4-crown clusters, $2; 5-crown Dehesas,
$2 50; C-crown Imperials, $3; Malaga Loose. 2
crown, 5o. per lb; do 3-crown, 5%c; Valencia
Cured, 4%c; Pacific, do. 3%c; Oriental, do,
2%c. Seeded Raisins — l«-oz packages, fancy,
8c per lb; choice, 7%c; 12-oz packages, fancy,
6%c; choice, 6%c; in bulk, fancy, 7%c; choice.
7%c. t- ¦
NUfS— Walnuts, No. 1 softshell, ', 13U,@Uc;
No. 2. ll',6@12c; No. 1- hardshell, 13@13Hc;
No. 2, 11® H'/fcc; Almonds, lie for Nonpareils.
10l£e for I X L. 10%c for Ne Plus Ultra and
8*ic for Languedoc: Peanuts, 6©7c for Eastern;
Pecans, ll©13c; Cocoanuts. ?4 50®5; Chest
nuts, b@10c per lb.
HONEY— Comb. 10@llWc for white and SH®
9>Ac for amber; water white extracted, 6@
5Vic; light amber extracted. 4Vj@494c; dark,
3%®4c.
BEESWAX— 27@2Oc per lb.
Dried Fruits, Nuts,Raisins } Honcy.
The cool weather continued to. operate against
th* sale cf Citrus fruits and aside from a lim
ited demand for large sizes of fancy Navels
there was very little doing. Small and medium
sizes o£ Navels, which constituted the bulk of
the supplies, were abundant and very dull. No
reasonable offer was refused for Tangerines
and Japanese Mandarins and Lemons, Grape
Fruit and Limes continued to drag at previous
prices. Four cars of Oranges are announced
for to-day'a ¦ auction." "'••-? *¦"'; • •¦¦
Stocks of Apples nre steadily decreasing and
the market is gradually working into shape.
Most dealers report a steady inquiry for fancy
grades an, I such 'stock seems to be cleaning up.-
Choice grades are showing more firmness, but
common offerings are still abundant and dull.
Extra fancy Spltzenbergs have disappeared and
the quotations for that description are with
drawn.
•APPLES— ?1«1 50 for fancy, 5(Xg00c for
choice and 25S40c for common. .->. •
PEARS — Winter Nellis from col* storage,
$1 50fn2 per box.
CITRUS . FRUITS— Navel Oranges, $1 50®
2 25 per box for fancy, $l@l 50 for choice, and
t'Oc@$l for standards; Seedlings, 50c©$l;
Tanger.nes. 50c® $1 per box; Japanese Man
darins, 75c@$l for half boxes; Lemons, $1 75
©2 50 for fancy. $1 25@1 50 for choice and
75cig$l for standard; Grape Fruit. $1^2; Mex
ican Limes. $4fit 50; Bananas, $1(32 per bunch
for Hawaiian and $2@2 50 for Central Amer
ican; Pineapples, $1 ."icifi'J 50 per dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $4 60®
4 85, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $4 50'rft t>0;
Oregon and Washington, $3 90@4 20 per bbl for
Family and $3 !>0@4 40 for Bakers',
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in packages are as
follows; Graham Flour. $3 25 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour. $3 25; Rye Meal, $3;. Rice Flour,
$7; Corn Meal. $3 25; extra cream do, $4; Oat
Groats. $4 50; .Hominy,' $404 25; Buckwheat
Flour. $4 50#4 75; Cracked Wheat $3 75; Fa
rina. $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 BO: Rolled
Oats, bbls, $7 25@8 CO; in sacks. $6 75@8 10-
Pearl Barley, $0; Split Peas, boxes, $7; Green
Peas $6 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
Western sacked, $1 23% @1 25 for Yellow,
$1 22Mt©l 25 for White and $1 18?1©.1 20 for
Mixed: California large Yellow, $V&2H; small
round do. $1 40^1 50;. Whtte. $1 35 per ctl;
Egyptian, $1 45&1 55 for white and $1 25 for
brown.
RYE— $1 25@1 30 per ctl. ¦¦'
BUCKWHEAT— $1 75@2 per ctl.
CORN— Quotations show considerable change,'
as will be seen. California large, yellow is
higher, while receivers of Western are quoting
a, lower plane of values. Generally speaking,
the market Is steady and not particularly
active.
White, $1 22%@>1 25 . for California and
$1 27%@1 35 for Northern; Black, $1 45@1 t>5:
Red. $1 206-1 Z'iVi for feed and $1 25@l 35 for
seed: Gray. $1 32 V4.
OATS — The moderate offerings continue to
meet with a fair demand and the market rules
firm.
Open. High.' Low. Close,
$1 07% $1 07% $107 $107
2 p. m. Session.
May
Open.' High. Lo w . Close.
$1 OS. $1 08 $1 0754 $1 07%
' FUTURES.
Session 0 to 11:30 a. m.
CASH BARLEY,
•Feed. $1 1C©1 13%: Shipping and Brew-
Ing. $1 15@1 20; Chevalier. $1 20©l 45 for fair
to choice.
BARLEY— The weather still cuts no figure of
any consequence, and in fact futures are easy,
whereas they ought to b,e strong. .Cash busi
ness is quiet at quotations which have ruled for
some time.- , • •
May— $1 38^
2 p, m. Session.
FUTURES.
Session 0 ,to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close
...$1 3!i ¦ fl 39% |1 38?i U 38%
California Club. $1 3S«i@l 42V4: California
White Australian. $1 4o@l 50; Northern Club,
$1 3«%@1 41 W, Northern Bluestem, $1 47U
@1 50; Oregon Valley. $1 40.
CASH WHEAT.
Cl-icago was easy and not materially chjnjed.
Th« Cincinnati Price Current reports the con
dition of the crop as heretofore. Snow Is gen
oral East and North, while the weather Is dry
in the Southwest.
Quotations in this market remain about the
same.
WHEAT — The Eastern and * foreign markets
are quiet and f?aturele8tc* English buyers- are
indifferent. Argentine cables report rain every
where except in parts of Santa Fe and Cordoba
provinces.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days — $4 S3\i
Sterling Kxchanpe, . sight — < MiVi
Sterling Kxchange. cables ;. — 4 S7^i
New York Exchange. »ight> — 12%
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 17^.j
Silver, per ounce — 50
Mexican Dollars, nominal... 45 @ 4U
Exchange and Bullion.
LOCAL MARKETS.
The Central Eureka Mining Company has
declared a monthly dividend of 2c per share,
amounting to $4000, payable January- 14.
The Pacific Vinegar and Pickle .Works has
levied an assessment of $ J per share, delin
quent February 17.
At the annual meeting of the stockholders of
the Spring Valley -Water -Company the follow
ing directors were . re-elected : Charles Webb
Howard, A. H. Payson. A. Bore!, Homer S.
King, J. M. Quay and F. J. Symmes. Frank
B. Anderson was elected a director to fill the
vacancy caused by the death of Samuel C.
Blgelow. ' " ¦ '
The Bank Commissioners have granted a
license to the San Mateo County Savings Bank
of Redwood City, which will open for business
February 1. The authorized capital is $50,000,
of which $25,C0O has been "paid up. Alfred J.
Murcua Is president. O. H. Rice vice president
and L. T. Behrens cashier.
The feature on the Bond Exchange yesterday
was the sharp rally In Alaska' Packers, which
recovered under brisk buying orders to $145,
against $13t> as the best price of the preceding
da}'. Gas and Electric was also higher, gelling
up to $08, against $56 s7Va on Wednesday.
There were pales of Bank of California at
$44U 50 and Mutual Bank at $105. In the un
listed securities United Railroad 4s sold at
$77 50, $10,000 being transferred.
The mining stocks were still unsettled and
active, with enough fluctuation to enable scalp
ers to make turns here and there. The oil
stocks continued quiet.
The Daly West Mining Company of Utah has
declared a regular dividend of 65c per share,
parable January 15.
The Bullion Mining Company has .levied an
assessment of 5c.
, TACOMA, Jan. 14.— Wheat, steady. Blue
stem, 70c; club,- 7f>e. - ,
OREGON.
PORTLAND. -- -Jan: .-•"14.-— Wheat— Walla
Walla, 73@74c; bluestem,. 79<g80c; valley,
7s@soc. • ¦ , " . ¦ ¦ . . ¦ ; :
WASHINGTON. -
Northern fVheat Market.
STOCK MARKET.
SEATTLE. Jan. 14.— Clearings, ?645.S0O; bal
ances, $214,350..*
TACOMA.- Jan.. 14. — Clearings, $425,471- bal
ances. $43,;tl7. . ¦ • . •" '
PORTLAND. Jan. 14. — Clearings, $650,443
balances,. $S5,471 - ,.
SPOKANE. Jan. 14.— Clearings, ?316,617; bal
ances, 525,185. .. . , 4 . .
NorUiern Business:
FOR THURSDAY. JANUARY 14.
Flour qr sks .. 12,199|Hops bale* ...'. 51
Wheat, ctls 750 j Wool, rtla 270
Barley ctls .... 3,5tiO Pelts. No. fi5
Corn East ctls. l,2C0jHidea. No 105
Beans sks 220jSugar. ctls 1.7CO
Potatoes, sks .. 3,730:Leather rolls .. 110
Bran ska 52iWine. gals .... 51,850
Middlings, sks... 10:TalIow. ctls 20
Hay tons 48«!Lime. bbls .... 408
Straw, tons 45 1
Receipts of Produce.
CHEESE — ll@ll%s; for the general market,
12Q'12^c for select mild new and 10®10^c for
lower grades; Young Americas. 12'4@13c; East
ern. 15® 16c; Western. 14@15c per lb.
EGGS — Ranch. US@30c for choice to fancy
and 27 '4c for small and mixed colors; store,
25@2Sc; cold storage, nominal.
Chesse continues depressed with excessive
stocks, though there is no further decline.
Store Eggs were in better demand and
steadier yesterday, owing to their cheapness
compared with ranch, which were neglected
and accumulating. Receipts were over IOOO
cases. Storage goods, both Eastern and Cali
fornia, are about cleaned up.
Receipts were 30.4CO lbs Butter, 1010 cases
Eggs and 29, ICO lbs Cheese.
: BUTTER — Creamery. 2SS29c for extras
and 25?j20c for 1 " seconds: dairy," lSfi25c; store
butter, nominal: cold storage, 18@22c per lb
for ordinary and 22is@24c for extras.
The coast steamers are not bringing in the
quantity of Butter expected, and as the de
mand has been very good of late the market
Is now well cleaned un and very firm, with
prices slowly rising. The floors are beginning
to look bare, and sellers are more independent
than, for a Ions while.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
ST. LOUIS.'.Jan. 14."— WOOL — Nominal. Me
dium graces, combing -and clothing, 17@21c
light.fine. 15@17^c; heavy, fine, 12@14Vic; tub
washed, 20e31c. " «"f x
St. Louis Wool Market'.
Eld.Ask, •:..'¦' ¦ BLt.Ask.
Colehan — 18 Rescue 03- (\7
Esperanza ... — 01 Ton Belmont. — 153
Gold Anchor. — 2S|Ton & Cal... 25
Gold M Con. 04 lOjTon of Nev.5-0O_. —
Hannapah ... — 50. Ton N Star.. 3O ¦ SI
Hannapah Ma — 25iTon Midway.. 41 «
MacNamara . 09 10 Ton A S Lake 15- 5<>
Mont Ton .1 20 t 22 m Too. Superior. —^.60
Ray A OBrien , 07 lOX'nited Ton..'. '.13
TONOPAH MINES.
. THURSDAY. Jan. 14 — I p m
BKl.Ask. Btd.Aslc.
Alpha 12 14 Justice 15 17
Alta IS 20 Kentuck O» • 03
Andy 41 43,K>yes Graes.. — 1 75
Belcher 4.1 45|Lady Wash., m . i.»
Beat & Eelch.2 10 2 30, Mexican I no 1 rv.
Bullion .. OS 10 Occidental ... 74 76
Caledonia ...t 10 1 13 t Ophlr 5 00 X 12'«i
Challenge Con •'!» 41 (heraiaa .... 31 , 3t
Chollar SO 32 Potoai .10 32
Confidence ...1 20 1 25;gava?» M 53
Con C & Va.l 75 1 M Scorpion OS 07
Con Imperial. Kl O4'Spgr Bplcher. . 15 17
Con N x .... 10 12 Sierra N«v . . 84 86
Crown Point. ,35 36 Silver Hill .. m 70
Kureka Con.. — 50 3t Louis. .... 2O
Exchequer ... 25 26 Syndicate ... <H 0«
Oould & Cur. 45 47 Union Con .. 05 1 rn>
Hale & Norc. SI 83 Utah 1» jo
Julia <W 0« Yellow Jacket 53 M
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
5000 Esperanza ... 01 tooo Rescue ... . 07
700 Evelyn 25 lfi© Ton Belmont. - f2
SCO Gold Anchor. 27 10O Ton Belmont. Kt
200 MacNamara . 11 200 Ton Belmont. S*
100 Mont Ton..l 22 V, pjr, Ton Midway/. 42
400 Paymaster ... 10 4C0 Ton N Star . St
200 Ray & OBrien 10 200 Ton Superior. CO
Afternoon Session,
100 Mont Ton -.1 22m 400 Ton Midway. 42
1CC0 Rescue .071400 Ton Midway. 43
Morning Session.
Following were the- sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
ICO Andes 48: 10O Mexican ...l»7'4
4C0 Andes - 44: 50O Mexican 2 Ort
100 Andes 4Sj 10t> Mexican ....183
200 Andes 49- 50 Ophlr ...'.... 4 45
100 Andes 42: 50 Ophir 4 :r»
200 Andes 40, CO Ophlr 450
ICO Andes 3S ; 50O Potoei 32
10O Andea 37 '• 200 Potonl 23
200 Belcher 40 lOf !O Sa vag* '..... .15
500 Belcher 44 KOO Savage 54
10O Belcher 43 loo Savage .. 5:;
300 Relcher 45 20O Seg Belcher. 17
100 Best & Belch.2 15! 300 Seg Belcher It;
2C0 Caledonia ...1 20 1 200 Sierra Nev .. R/J
10O Caledonia ...1 C5 100 Sierra Nev .. s ->
200 Challenge Con 41 ICO Sierra Nev .. 7*
2C0 Challenge Con 40j 5O Sierra Nev 7-,
500 Chollar ...... 31 3CO Union Con ..1 10
200 Con C & Va.l 731 200 T'nion Con 1 12'.
100 Con C & Va.l (55 < 20O Union Con . 1 i>5
600 Crown Point. 34. 100 Union Con . 1 OO
500 Crown Point. 36; 1 GO Union Con .. 03
1 0ft Exchequer ... 22; 10rt Union Con $*>
500 Gould A Cur. 49 00O Utah ../. . •>»
100 Gould & Cur. 421 ICO Yellow Jacket M
ICO Gould & Cur. 41 ! 100 Yellow Jacket '3
10O Mexican •. 1 SO;
Afternoon Session.
100 Andes ....... 40 1 iro Mexican 170
100 Caledonia ...1 10 500 Mexican 1 00
1100 Challenge Con 38 100 Mexican ..1 87Vi
200 Chollar 30 20O Mexican .... 1 «.",
100 Con C A. Va.l «5[ ICO Mexican 2 Crt
100 Con C & Va.l 60) 4OO Ophlr .... 4 4",
30O Con C & V.I «2»4 1OO Ophlr ".4 «o
100 Con C & Va.l SO lOO Ophir 4 S3
100 Con C & V.I 82Vii 200 Ophir 5 Ort
1C0 Confidence ...1 25 t:00 Potosl " Zt
500 Con Imperial. 04l 100 Potosi n n
200 Con N Y 11! 100 Savaga -?,t
100 Gould & Cur. 42 10O Savage XI
500 Julia Of. I BOO Scorpion .. o«
100 Mexican 1 SOI 40© Utah ...... 2ft
100 Mexican ...1 R2*4 100 Yellow Jacket 53
100 Mexican 1 85 200 Yelrow Jacket 50
400 Mexican 1 CO
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
70O Andes 40 loo Occidental ... 75
100 Andes 41 20O Ophir 5 Ort
300 Caledonia ...105 40O Ophlr 4 90»
2CO Challenge Con 30 50 Ophlr 4 ss
200 Chollar . . . .,. . 32! 70O Potosl ."JO
500 Chollar 31 700 Savage S3
600 Con C & Va.l 73 100 Savage 54
4C0 Con C & Va.l 701000 Scorpion <•{
000 Con Imperial. C3 300 Sierra Nev .. 7.1
40O Con NY 11 7CO Silver Hill .. «S
20« Crown Point. 33 10O St Louis ...» lf>
200 Hal« b. Norc. 77 40O Union Con .. or.
700 Mexican 195; 100 Union Con .. M
ICO Mexican 1 801 lOO Utah 2O
400 Mexican 1 85) 700 Yellow Jacket 50
Afternoon Session.
Bonos- were dull and irregular. Total sales,
par value. $2.450.<X>n. United States bonds
were unchanged on call.
Th^re was no more success in finding good
authority for the revived rumors of a settle
ment of the old Cassatt differences, which
caused the movement in Pennsylvania, the
Boat notable of the day. The only comment in
official quarters on the reconciliation story
wp.s that then was nothing to reconcile be
yond the suit in the courts for damages for
the cuttinr of Western Union jjoles on the
Pennsylvania ri^ht of way.
The new bend issue planned by the Chicago.
Rock Hlnr.J ani Pacific Railway conformed
closely to ttrevlous reports, and traders who
had sold the stocks of the controlling Rock
Island capital In anticlriaticn of the plan found
th» j-uriilv limited when th r y attempted to
cover their- fhorts. Rock Island was In con
sequence the only stock to hold Its strength
at the lam.. There was a moderate demand for
United StMtfs Steel Dreferred. based on trade
rej«>rts of some improvement in the demand
for iron a^id steel. The monthly blast fur
nace frtatii-'tir? were regarded with satisfaction
so far as they showed a chfck to the accumu
lation of htocks, but the weekly production on
Decem!>er 31 had meanwhile fallen to the low
crt of the year. The improved sentiment over
the war outlook had its part in releasing the
market from it« bands of Ftaenation, but the
influence did not last throush the ssfsion.
The evidence of redundant accumulation of
ca«h in bflnk reserve* seemed to be without
effect on the speculation.
NEW YORK. Jan. 14. — The stock market
showed a slight increase in animation for a
brief time this morning and made some slight
progress to a higher level of prices, but trad
ing promptly relapsed into profound neglect
and the largest part of the gain was lost and
the doting easy. The most conspicuous move
mints ftvre still in the department of minor
stocli^. such as may remain idle for weeks at
a time unmoved by operations of pools formed
to make a market for the stock. The move
ment of thfse stocks is invariably accom
panied by the circulation cf rumors to give a
sctming explanation for the movement, such
as a prwbablo absorption of the property by a
larger railroad. None of the rumors of this
character current to-day could find any veri
fication.
Nczc York Stock Market.
Balance $17,C4S 78
Which wag carried to eurpl'as and undi
vided profit*.
During 11*03 the capital was $200,000; on
January 2. ll»04. it wae Increased to $500,000.
Of the additional stock f<=HUP<l 1OCO chares were
«n!d at a jtemium of $25. the proceeds of
which. $25,CnX>. were added to surplus.
At the annual meeting of the Fan Francisco
National Bank the following directors were
*!ecjed: C. S. Benedict. William J. Dutton,
II. E. Hur.tlr.rtrm William Pierce Johnson,
Oeorge A. 'Newhall Goorpe A. Pope. W. H.
Ts!!>.-,t. James K. Wilson. L. I. Cowgill.
The bonj-d organized by electing Jamee K.
Wilson Tjr-sident Piirop Johnson vice
preside'-,*. L. I.'Cowgill cashier and W. W.
Wolfe tsfirtent cashier.
At the annual meeting of the shareholders
of the WVfnern Nations! Bank the following
directors «»>re re-elected: "William T. Wal
lace Chnrles K Hansen Ltn D. Owens. C
6. Ben«3irt. W. A. Schrork. W. S. Miller,
James Irv'.r.e and William C. Murdoch. B. C,
Brown was fleeted in place of Charlp* E. Fred
ericks. The report of lopsided Murdoch show
ed farr.ings for the twelve months ended De
cember 31. 19C3. as follows:
Net nmirits $27.«4K 78
Dividends 5 r<?r cent 10,000 CO
James D^ Rugeles. who has been exchange
teller of the Bank of California for some
years, has been elected assistant secretary of
the bank.
Banking Matters.
*Bolton, de Ruyter & Co.'s private wires from
Npw York yesterday said:
"The sentiment is bullish, specially among
th<» hank?. ' The Eastern situation fhowe a
¦d^cirf^d imDnj'.-fmcnt, tn>l the London market
:i- cht-crfiil. All foreign markets arf actively
higher. There is only one side to the market.
Many are waiting for a break to invest their
m"ney. A dispatch from London Fays that the
m earner Plassa is due in ten days from India
with £1,000.000 in gold, the largest
ever cent from India in one shipment."
EASTERN MARKETS.
'The Feeling in Wall Street.
CHICAGO. Jan. 14.— CATTLE — Receipts.
80<j0.-' 'Good, steady:, others.', lower. Good '• to
prime steers, f5 10<Rr>'70;-poor ttt medium, S3 5O
@-4 75:etockers 5 and feeders, -$2<g>4;' cows, $V 60
©4;r 'heifers, i $1 7r.@4 70: . canners, $1 50®4 40;
bulls, fe@4 ¥>i calves. $3 50@<i. - - ; „
HOGS— Receipts: • To-day, 32, 000;' to-morrow
25,000. Mixed" and butchers, $4 75(55 05; good
to choice 'heavy, ?5®512V5;< rough heavy. $4 65
@4 90;tllght,! $4<Jj;t 90; bulk-of «ales;$4 80® 5* l
. SHEEP— Receipts, 15.000. Sheep, and lambs
steady. S Good ' to choice wethers, '$4 IZtH «O;
fair f to choice; mixed, ' $394;. Western - Sheep,
$3 75@4 40: native lambs,- $4 5O@6 25; .Western
lambs^$4 25@6 15. . .... .-• .,
CHICAGO.
Eastern Livestock Market.
GAME— Mallard Ducks.. $2 50®3 per dozen;
Canvasback. $3®4; Sprig..- $1 50«2; Teal,
$1 25.- -Widgeon. $1 25; small Ducks. 75c^gSl;
Gray 1 - Geese. $3: ' White- Geese, 75c@?l 25;
Bmnt..*$l 25 for small and $2 for large: Honk
ers,,- $5 for large/, and ".-$4 for- small; English
Snipe %'SY common Snipe. : $1 50; ¦ Wild Doves,
$1 25; Rabbits $2 for Cottontails and $1 25 for
Brush; Hare, $1 25<gl 50.
I The fourth car of Western Poultry for the
current week wp.s on sale ' and met with a
steady demand ! at good prices. The market
for domestic stock was in good shape for sellers
and the light receipts cleaned up. quickly, fine
large young chickens especially betng in de
mand. Hens, Roosters and Fryers were
quoted higher. Dressed Turkeys were suddenly
plentiful and, as there, was ' practically no
market for them, prices declined sharply. Deal
era were forcing sales and experienced consid
erable difficulty in disposing of ' second-class
offerings. Live Turkeys werts weaker in sym
pathy with dressed. ;
¦ . Game arrived fraely and met with a sluggish
demand and the bulk of the receipts were ptill
on hand at the close. The birds are running
very thin and poor owjng to the dry weather
and consequent lack of feed In the country.
-.'POULTRY — Dres*edt Turkeys. 18#23c per lb:
live Turkeys, 17@19c per Ib: Geese.> per pair.
$2@2 25; . Goslings. $2S2 25; Ducks, $5@6
per dozen for old and $t3@7 for young; Hens,
$6(37 for large and $5<gtf for'.6mall; young
Roosters, $U'&7; old Roosters, $5<g6; Fryers,
$5S«; Broilers, $4 5Q#5 for large and %'\ 50@4
for small,' Pigeons, $1@1 25 per dozen for old
and $2 25<82'50..for Squabs. .
Poultry and Game.
Iron closed at 49s Od in. Glasgow and at 42s
4>4U, in Middlesboro. ' Loeally ; iron was Uni
changed.' No. 1 foundry, 'Northern, $15@1C;
Ka 2 foundry. Northern. $14^15;. No. ¦ 1 foun
dry. Southern. . and No'.i 1 foundry. Southern,
soft," ?1^75@14 25. ., - ,.
NEW YORK, Jan. 14. — Tin was 5s lower in
London; with both spot and futures closing. at
£133 10s. Locally tin was quiet and unchanged,
closing at $29 2r>029 50. ,
Copper was a shade lower in London, spot
there closing f>s lower at £58, while futures de
clii cd 2s (id to £57 10s. .In New York copper
was quiet and unchanged. Lake, $12 75f<»\3;
electrolytic, $12 C2}£©12 t>7%; casting, $12 5V@
12 75. - ' , • v , ¦ .
Lead advanced Is 3d to- £11 13s Id in . Lon
don and remained firm here :.at $4 4 f>« 4 55.
•Spelter was unchanged at^£21' 15s. Locally
spelter was 5 i>oints lower, 1 closing at $4 85@
son.: .. v.-*--.:- :- •'••,-¦-''-/- '•>: ¦¦>: , ¦ . ¦¦¦
New York Metal Market.
QUICKSILVER — Is lower under large re
ceipts and a slack export demand at $4.ifH»
for local use. The production cf the mines
is said to be increasing.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes hs follows, per lb. In 100-lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.65c:
Powdered. 5.50c; Candy Granulated. 3.50c: Dry
Granulated, fine. 5.4dc; Dry Granulated, coarse,
5.40c; Fruit Granulated. 5.40c; Beet Granu
lated nOO-lb bags only). 5.20c: Confectioners"
A, 5.40c: Magnolia A. 5c; Extra C. 4.90c;
Golden C, 4.S0c; "D," 4.70c; barrels. 10c more;
half barrels. 25c more; boxes, 50c more; 50-lb
bags. lOo more for all kinds. Tablets — Half
barrels, 5.90c; boxes. 6.15c; H. & E. Crystal
Domines. 8.40c veer lb. No orders taken for
less than seventy-five barrels or Its equivalent.
COAL— 'Wellington. $3 per ton; New Wel
lington. $8; Seattle. JG 50; Bryant. $S 50; Bea
ver Hill, (5 50; Standard, $7; Roslyn. $7;
Coos Bay, $5 00; Greta, |7; Wallsend, $7; Rich
mond, $7 50; Cumberland, $13 tn ' bulk and
$14 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg.
$14; Welfh Anthracite Egg, $13; Welsh Lump.
$11 50; Cannel. $8 50 per ton; Coke. $11 5*9
13 per ton In bulk and $15 in sacks; Rocky
Mountain description*. 911 45 p«T 200O lbs and
$12 SO per long ton. according to brand.
OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for cases,
add 5c.. Linseed, 45c per gallon for boiled and
43c for raw; Cantor Oil. In cases. No. 1. 70c:
Bakers 1 AA, $1 10® 1 12; Lucol, 44c for boiled
and 42e for raw; China Nut, ttV^'Oc per gallon;
Coccanut Oil, in barrels. 58c for Ceylon and 55c
for Australian; extra bleached winter 9p?rm
Oil. 80c: natural winter Sperm Oil. 75c; extra
bleached winter Whale Oil. 65c; natural Whale
Oil. 60c; extra winter strained Lard Oil. S5c;
No. 1 Lard Oil, 75c; pure Neatsfoot Oil. 75c;
No. 1 Neatsfoot OH, 65c; light Herring Oil. 43c;
dark Herring Oil 43c: Salmon Oil, 3Sc: boiled
Fish Oil. 40c; raw Fish Oil. 38c; boiled Paint
Oil. 35c: raw Paint Oil. 33c.
COAL OIL — Water White CoaJ Oil
In bulk, 15c; Pearl Oil in cases. 21Vjc: Astral.
21%c; Star. 2lMc: Extra Star. 25Vic: Elaine.
27 He; Eocene. 24Vi-c: deoiorlz^d Stov« Gasoline.
In bulk. 17c: ;n cas»s ilHc: Benzine. In bulk.
13c; in cases, 10'jc; S6-degree Gasoline. In
bulk. 25c; in cases. 31c.
TURPENTINE— ?8c per gallon in cases and
80c in drums and iron barrels.
• P.ED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. «HO
7c per lb; White Lead. t>V4©7e. according- to
quantity.
BAGS — Grain Bags, 51I5-4C: San Quentln,
5.53c; AV00I Bags. 32@35c; Fleece Twine. 7V4©
8c. .
A'rrc York stocks about the same. Cotton lozver.
Not m'ich neio'on the local stock exchanges.
Silz-cr shores another advance. Exchange unchanged.
Wheat and Barley quiet at previous quotations.
Oats firm. Domestic Corn firm and Western easy.
Bran. Middlings and Shorts higher. Hay and Straw very
Bean- market slozcly working around into' firmer condition.
Buffer still-rising under decreasing stocks.
Plenty of Eggs coming in no:c. Cheese still depressed.
Provisions dull and sagging, here and in the West.
Hops continue very firm, zcith grozcers indifferent sellers.
Quicksilver in large receipt and slow demand.
No further variation in live or dressed Meats.
Potatdcs active and in good local demand. Onions firm.
Southern J r cgctables in good supply and weak.
Poultry in good demand, ZL'ith some kinds higher.
Game in liberal supply and coming in thin and poor.
Citrus Fruit's still affected unfavorably by cold weather.
General Merchandise.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — March. May.
Opening 65 6 4%
Closing 6 4% , « 4»*
PARIS.
Wheat — * Jan. May-Aug.
Opening i ........ 21 20 - 21-30
Closing 21 20 21 30
Flour —
Opening 29 00 . 28 75"
Closing ;........;..... 29 15.. 28 8D ,.
Foreign Futures.
Do 2d rfdi 41>Vb Do pfd 57>4
111 Central 135 Wabash 20>£
Louis & Nash.. ..Ill Do pfd 39%
M. K & Tex 1734
Bar silver — Firm. 27 5-lt>d.per ounce.
Mnney — 2 l i;Tt3 i«>r cent.
The rate of discount In the open market for
short bills 3t 4 Jj:{% ner cent and for three
months' bills o%®3 7-10 ;ier cent.
Cons for money.SS 1-lCfN Y Central 123^
Do for acct. .88 3-1C Nor & West 59%
Anaconda 3T4 1 Do pf d 89
Atchison «9V4|Ont & MVst...... 22»4
Do pfd 91 Vii Pennsylvania 61 Vj
Bal & Ohio 82% Rand Mines 9%
Can Pacific 121 Reading 23
Ches & Ohio 31% Do 1st pfd 40
Chi Great West... ltU<. Do pfd CO
Chi. Mil & St P. 147 So Railway 2U&
De Beers 20%! Do pfd 81V,
Den & Rio 0 21% So Pacific 50%
Do pfd 72 I Union Pacific 81 14
Erie 291;' Do pfd 92
Do 1st pfd C9Ti!U S Steel 11
Do pfd 124 Santa Fe Copper. 1%
Amer Tel & Te!..125.Vd Tamarack ...;... 107
Dom Iron & S.. 8=«i Trinity 4%
Gen Electric 172^ United States 18%
Mass Electric 21M, Utah 33%
Do pfd 75»; Victoria 3Vi
United Fruit 97 \Vinona 7
U S Steel 101, Wolverine 70
Do pfd 57»4 v
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Money — SWectlngr Com.. 1 ..'. 80
Call loans 4^5 Mining---.. '.¦¦..
Time loans 5@6 Adventure : 2H
Bonds — I Allouez .:...;....' 4 H
Atchlson 4s 98TI Amal Copper. .....'49%
Mex Cent 4s....: 7OH Daly West 34.
Railroads — Blngham ;.'....:. 22^4"
Atchlson ......'..•.."(W6 Calumet & Hecla.445 -
Do pfd... ;....\. 88^ Centennial':.,:.... 16%
Boston & Albany.245 Copper ,Rang^ 45Vi
Boeton & Maine. ICO ¦ Dom -Coal* „.•.::.. 67 U
Boston Elev...V..l40' Franklin "..:".. .-...'> 8V,
N Y. N H & H. .1951,4 Isle Royale k .'... 7U,
Fitchburg pfd. ...135 Mohawk ..V. ... .38 .
Union Pacific '78>i' pW'DomT.;.'.':;; 10
Mex Central.: 12& OsceQla ..%.*....*.> 59^4
Miscellaneous-!-. •• Parrot '*...?. '..¦.".¦.- 21 •
Amer Sugar ¦'. .125 Quincy 05
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Alice 15 Uttle Chief . 07
Brecce lOiOntario 6 00
Bruna Con C5 Ophir. . ., 3 75
Com Tunnel . 07%IPotosi 32
Con Cal & Va... 1 SojSavage 45
Horn Silver ..... 1 OSjSierra Nev... ... . SO
Iron Silver 1 C5 Small Hopes ..}.. 20
Leadville Con ... 02 Standard .'..150
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
U S ref 2s. reg. -lOSiijL, & N unified 4s. 98%
Do coupon 105V« Man con gold 4s.lO2»i
Do 3s>. reg 10UH Mex Cent 4s e»^i
Do coupon lfl6V£ Do 1st Inc 15 : Ji
Do new 4s. reg.133 Minn & St L 4s. 98
Do coupon 133% M K & Tex 4s.. M~?i
Do old 4s. reg. 107^ bo 2ds 79
Do coupon 107% NR of Mex con4s. 74%
Do 5s. reg 10iy 4 NY C gen 3^s. 9S%
Do coupon 101% N J C gen 5s...l2»H
Atch gen 4s 93^ Nor Pac 4s. 102^
Do adj -4s 97>/i Do 3s ......... 71
Atlantic C Lne4s. 03 - Nor & W con +s. 98'6
Bal & Ohio 4s... 191 0 S L 4s & partlc 02Vi
Do 3',4b 934 Pa conv-3Vs8.... 05%
Central of Ga 5s.lO4ii|Readlng gen 4s... 95Vi
Do 1st inc . fifl 16 L & I M con 6s.lU 1 Si
Ches & Ohio 4>4s.lO2%!s L & S F fg 4s. m 1 *
Chi & Alton 3H«- 75^jSt LouIh S AV lsts O2V4
C. B & Q new 4s. 91 Seaboard A L 4s. 67^.
C.M & StP gn 4«.108i4 ¦ p o Pacific 4? H8*4
C & N W con-7s.l3iv^ y o Railway 5s...lllMi
C. R I & Pac 4s. 67 Tex & Pac lats...lir»s-i
Do coP fis .75 T St L & W 4s. . 71
C.C.C & SL gen4s. 96 Union Pacific 4s..101Vj
Chi Term 4s SI Do conv 4s 9*i%
Cons Tobacco 4s. 57 tl S Steel 2d 5s.. 7Hi
Colo & So-4b S7V4 Wabash lsta ..... 11%
Don & Rio G 4s. 97% I Do deb B... ... (ISVi
Erie prior lien 4s. 07V* I W & L Erie 4s... 8^^
Do gen 4s .....: 84 M \ Wls Central 4s . 1 . 89
F W & D C lsts.lO3H!C F & I conv 5s. 73
Hocking Val 4>-is.lO4 |
NEW YORK BONDS
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was easy; creameries, 15®21c; dairies,
13(ff20f. EgKB, firm; at mark, cases Included,
24&2ti!&c. Cheese, steady, lOlglO'^c.
POTATOES — Burbankn from the river. 70®
S5c per ctt; Salinas Burbanks. $1 25@1 50 per
ctl; Oregon Burbanks 00c@$l 15 per ctl; River
Reds, 50#60c per ctl; Garnet Chiles, yOc@$l
per ctl: Early Rose. l)0c@$l per ctl; Sv.eet Po
tatoes, SI SO per ctl.
ONIONS— ?1 4C@1 50 per ctl; Green Onions.
50@€0<} per box.
VEGETABLES — Green Peas. 3®0c per lb:
String Beans. 8#15c per lb: Wax, 8©12Vic;
Tomatoes from Los Angeles. 50c® $1 25 per box
or crate; Rhubarb, 5*8 6c per lb: Summer
Squash from . Los • Angeles, ¦ $1@1 25 per box;
Cabbage, 50c per ctl; Carrots, 50c per sack;
Hothouse Cucumbers, 75c® $1 50 per dozen;
Carlic. 6©Sc per lb; Kfcs Plant, 12Vi<e20c
perlb; Dried Peppers 5©8e per lb for Stock
ton and ll<gl2V4o for southern: Dried Okra,
12*4c per lb; Green Peppers, - 6® 10c per lb:
Mushrooms. 20iQ25c per Ib; Marrowfat and
Hubbard- Squash. ?iotfrl5 per ton for round
lots, and %®%c per lb for sacked. .
Most kinds of vegetables from Los Angeles
were in ample supply and all descriptions ex
cept Effg Plant were' weaker. "Choice lots of
Peas and Beans continued to bring hl^h prices,
but the recelDts included much poor stock,
hence the wide range In prices. Green Pep
pers were In light but ample supply and ruled
weak at easier rates, while Tomatoes were
abundant and dull. *
were ¦askine 00c per cental for the best offer
ings, but sales were reported at that figure.
A car of Sweets was marketed, and as the
demand was slack the price was shaded. There
were no fresh arrivals of yellow Onions and
the market ruled firm at previous quotations.
Green Onions were offering freely and met with
a fair inquiry at pood prices.
The following quotations are lor sood. sound
Livestock, delivered in San Francisco, less SO
per cent shrinkage for Cattle: • « .»
CATTLE — Steers. 8®9c; Cows and Heifers.
7©Sc: thin Cows. 4@5c per lb.
CALVES — l@4>£c per lb (gross weight). .
SHEEP— Wethers, 81i@4c; Ewes, 3U63&C
per lb (gross weight).
LAMBS — m@Sc per lb.
HOGS^Ldve Hogs. 140 to ISO lbs, 5%@:Hic:
over ISO lb?. 5c; soft Hogs. 4Vjc; sows. 2O per
cent off: Boars. 50 per cent off. and Stags. 40
per cent off from above quotations.
1b for Cows. . " . ¦ *¦
VEAL— Large. 8®9c: small, 9@10c per Ib.
MUTTON— Wethers. 8«S%c; Ewe». i^Stfo
per lb. \ .•
LAMB— OHeiOc per lb.
PORK — Dressed Hogs, "SSVic per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
Aztec .*.... 80
California Standard 11
Caribou l 40 ....
Central Point Con .... ¦
Chicago Crude ....
Claremont 40 ....
Esperanza 15O ....
Pour 60
Fulton 4 0O
Giant ., 25
Hanford .... 133 CO
Home 1 €5 ....
Imperial .' .... ....
Independence 13 ....
Junction . .» 15
Kern . 4 50 4 75
Kern River ' 12 <X>
Lion i-l
Monarch (of Arizona) 4<> . '
Monte Crtsto , 65 70
Occidental of W Va..., 18
Oil City Petroleum 27 ...,
Peerless j ....
Pittsburg
Reed Crude 4 50 ....
S F & McKlttrfck . . ....
San Joaauln O & t) ....
Senator Kl ....
Sovereign 37 40
Sterling 2 50 ....
Superior 05. 07
Thirty-three 6 00 7 CO
Toltec ..; 21
Twenty-eight 4 30
West Shore S CO
Miscellaneous —
Abby Land & Imp 1 5O
Alamerla Sugar 29 00
; American Riscuit 73 00
American District Tel .... .... v... :
Cal Cotton Mills S3 CO 850O
CaJ Oas & Electric Corp... .... ....
California Jockey? Club ....'
California Shirpi** Co ....
Cal Title Ins & Trust ....'
Central Dank of Oakland ....
C*hute« Company ....
Cypress Lawn Imp Co 6 25
Fischer's Theater Z 25-
Gas Consumers' Assn ....'
Honolulu Sugar 13 50
Northern California Power 9 00
North Shore Railroad .... *
. Ocphoum Company 16 CO ....
Pacific States. Tel & Tel ....
Par»ffln«- Paint •.. 35 flO ....
San Francisco Dry Dock...' ....
Sanitary Reduction Works.. 150 ....
Sausallto Land & Ferry t ....
Sperry Flour Company ....
Standard Electric - ....
Tesla foal Company ; 25 00 30 00
i Truckee Electric .....
i Union Susrar -....'
j United Gas & Electric ....
SALES. : |
Morning Session. ¦ ¦
Board —
I 25 Home 1 (W
i 50 Sterling 2 J3
17«» Associated .' 17
i ICO Northern California Power S 50
Afternoon Session.
Board —
100O United Railroad 4s 77 50
100 Occidental 15
1C0 Occidental 14
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Alta 16; 300 Justice 13
100 Andes 48 \ KoO Mexican 2 •«>
$>0O Andes 47 ' Overman .... '34.
20o Belcher 41 ; 2C0 Ophtr 4 tiO
50O Bullion 12. lOO Ophlr» 4 7O
100 Caledonia ...110, 20 Ophlr 4 55
300 Caledonia . . .1 131 4CO Potosl ;JO
200 Challenge Con 41, 2fX> Potost 2S
100 Challenge Con 42, IxiO Potoai ....... 27
i SCO Chollar SI 130 Savage • So
j .".30 Con C & Va.l 00; 4i!f> Scorpion ..... Ort
! 100 Confidence ...I SOftSCO Sierra N«v .. 82
i 1W> Confidence ...1 20 ,V.O Silver Hill .. 6.H
10<K> Con NT 13' 600 St Louis .... 2f>
20O Crown Point. X<\ 2CO Union Con ..1 lt>
200 Crown Point. 35! ISO Union Con ..105
500 Exchequer ... 20 200 Utah 24
¦ .TOO Gould & Cur. 4.'. j .500 Utah 25
1000 Gould & Cur. 47 1 N>O Yellow Jacket ES
i 200 Hale & Von. 73 ! 4f)0 Yellow Jacket 55
THE SAN- FRANCISCO CALL/FRIDAY, JANUARY 15, 1901.
Articles— ¦. ; Receipts. Shipments-
Flour barrels '.28,700 40,600
Wheat," bushels 20,400 30,900
C*>rn, bUFhela .....254.200 219,100
Oats, bushels 150.000 123. 600
Rye, bushels 4,700 3.20O
Barley, bushels 59.70O 19,000
ky, basis cf high wines, $1 27; clover, contract
grade. $11 35#11 40. .
' ' The market for table Potatoes' continued
acttve under a steady local demand and prices
were maintained. .:i There were no fresh arrivals
of Salinas' and Oreeon Burbanks and 1 there
¦were very few of those descriptions left In -first
hands.?: Two steamers r fall,; due- from Oregon
to-day, one of which will bring about 4300 gacks
of' Potatoes and ;¦ about 000 sacks i of. Onlofls.'
1Uv«.t Burbanka moved freely and some dealers
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Meat Market.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as'follows: ,
BEEF— 6%®7%c for Steers' and ;6<gC&c per
< Medium Hobs' continue, firm, and wanted,"
while small and larere are not in favor. Quota.
tlons remain unchanged.- " - -
", -DRESSED MEATS.
California Slock and Oil Exchange
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
15
ST. LOUIS '
WORLD'S FAIR VIEWS
IN BEAUTIFUL COLORS
The Official Views v of . the
Ixmlsiana . Pnrrluise Exposition
to be held At St. 1-ouis will be
Issued as supplements to The
Sunday Call beginning; with the
Issue of Sunday, January 31&.
Agents and newsdealers will do
well to order early, as there will
be a great demand for - these
beautiful views.ADAMS' Irish Moss Cough Balsam the safe,
sure and guaranteed cure. 25c.'50c.~ Druggists.*
Trolley car Xo. 809 .? " "ie TurL
street line inward bound yesterday
morning collided with a four-horse
truck belonging to . the United Rail
roads Company at- Gough street. The
car was full of early' morning pas
sengers. . Among the passengers was
P. W. Lannon, residing at 2030 O'Far
rell street, who* works in the Empo
rium. He received a deep gash on
the left wrist by broken glass which
severed an artery. , Police Officer
Judge, who was also a passenger, see
ing the dangerous nature of Lannon's
injuries, pressed the service of an ex
press wagon and hastened to the
Emergency Hospital, where Dr. Pink
ham ' tied the artery : : and saved the
man's life.: The driver of the truck,
W". JIcKlnnon, was- thrown from- his
scat by the impact and fell between
the horses and the vehicle, from which
place he was extricated by Officer
Judge.
The car was in charge of Conductor
C. B. Kenney and Motorman F. ,H.
Chamberlain. The latter lost con
trol of his car because of the wet
rails. The other passengers Jumped
off and escaped injury.
Car Collides With Truck.
Perhaps on account of his diminutive
size, the 1 little bear cub born yesterday
morning got, the overlook from the
mother grizzly. Leland, the keeper, of
the bears, with the assistance of a po
liceman, got the; culj out of. the in-;
closure and took it to the children's
quarters, where the matron, Mrs.Miil
more, arid her assistants ministered to
the wants . of the native son.
The cub's weight is slightly less than
one pound. The ladies in charge of the
children's quarters are very kind to
his cubship. The advice of the animal
expert at the Chutes was sought. He
suggested diet for the mother and cub.
This little bear Is said to be the first
grizzly ever born in captivity. . Mrs.
Millmore i and her staff of nurse3 as
sured the president of the Park Com
mission that they would do everything
possible to keep the bear alive. The
cub was taken from the pit where she
was perishing and placed ,in*;'a£box
alongside the! gas range in the kitchen
of the children's quarters., .
It is the opinion of the Commissioners
and the superintendent that the big
windmill on the ocean beach has.prac
tically solved : the water -, problem, so
far as it relates to the west end of the
park, where water is most ' needed to
transform the waste of sand intp lawns,
lakes and flower gardens. Thefsuppiy
of water is so abundant that constant
pumping does not exhaust the wells.
The inflow is continuous and the water
very near the ocean is clear and fresh.
The most direct route to the new 1 lake
Is via tho McAllister ' street car line.
The Casino extension of the road takes
passengers, to a point but a short dis
tance fronv- the lake. .' . . ;
SOLVES WATER PROBLEM.
The breeze yesterday afternoon, was
light The slow motion of the big arms
of the mill indicated '.hat the flow of
water through the main was not
greater than 10,000 gallons per hour.
When the wind blows with usual sum
mer time velocity the mill liffs 20,000
gallons an hour.
The new lake is 900 feet long. The
width varies from COO to .600 feet. -The
depth is. slightly in excess of six feet.
The superintendent, however, does not
intend to fill up" the lake to the brim
at once. When a depth of two feet is
attained the stream will be turned Into
the reservoir on the summit of an ad
jacent hill. The new sheet of water
will surely be regarded as one of the
chief attractions of the beautiful park.
The environs of the lake are enchant
ing from a natural point of view. j
LIGHT BREEZE BLOWS.
At 4 o'clock in the afternoon -the
water was turned into the big basin,
known as Model Yacht Lake. There
were no ceremonies to speak of In con
nectipn with the introduction of the
waler. Promptly at the time appoint
ed A. B. Spreckels, president of the
Park Commission, and John McLaren,
superintendent, directed the adjust
ment of the valve and the water be
gan to pour in, the flow being esti
mated at 10,000 gallons an hour. The
capacity of the new lake is 7,000,000
gallons.
The supply Is derived from the wells
near the ocean beach, which source
seems almost inexhaustible. The new
Dutch windmill pumps the water from
the wells to the lake on the northerly,
sidesof the park, . between Thirty-first
and Thirty-sixth avenues, a mile and
a half distant from the pumping plant.
Thursday, January 14. was an event
ful day in Golden Gate Park. Early in
the morning a bear baby .was born to
"'r. and Mrs. Monarch at their home in
the bear pit.
A twenty-four days' trip across the Pacific
on the Sheridan, stopping for a short while at
Honolulu, has brought us to San Francisco
where we expect to stay a short time. The
itinerary through Los Angeles El Paso and
New Orleans is the one we will follow if we
can get two bicycles. We expect to arrive in
Havana by the end of March at the latest, this
belr.g our starting point.'
Hongkong was duly reached and it proved to
b» the worst place we had ever been In
Owing to the kindness of the American Consul
we got passage on board the Naehau. a United
States collier, to Manila, arriving in the Philip
pines forty-eight hours after leaving China.
The newspapers in Manila, both .Spanish and
American, treated us very kindly and through
them we gave a lecture in a theater which
left us enough to go to Yokohama with Think
ing we could get a vessel in the place, we were
badly disappointed, being sent to Nagasaki by
the quartermaster, who advised us to wait for
the Sheridan.
From Rangoon we got a free passage to Pe
nang and there a Jrcal newspaper paid for our
passage to Singapore. Trying to get work in
this latter place v.e spent what little we had.
and. nearly starving, finally stowed away on
u steamer engaged in the coolie trade going to
f'hinu. The trip lasted five days. The first
two we had to work as stokers, but later were
transferred to the engine-room, greasing and
cleaning brasework.
The €50 milee between here and Madras we
macie partly on foot and tometlmes by rail,
when we could beat the road. The editcr of
the Madras Times gave us work for a week,
which Enabled us to pay for our passage to
Kangoon. Kurmah.
HONGKONG THE WORST.
Hardships beset us in Naples, where we were
obliged to leave the tandem and stow away
on a steamer going to Australia. When we
were found the captain was ro kind as to give
us work o:i board, allowing us to go ashore in
Port Said and Suez before we landed In Co
lombo, Ceylon. Difficulties arose which com
pelled us to work at chopping wood to get tick,
ets worth ?1 to Tuticorin, India. .
Paris was our next stopping place. A sport
ing newspaper started a subscription on our
behalf which placed encugh money at our dis
posal to support ourselves going to Lyons, Mar
seilles and Nice. From Xice we went to Monte
Carlo, where we stayed two days, and then a
short five days took us to Genoa. A race was
arranged in a local club, which we won, with
some difficulty. The bicycle was then sent by
rail to Naples, while we took a rfiip for the
same place.
Two weeks were spent in this place looking
for work on board trans-Atlantic steamers, but
none was to be found. We had nearly given
up hope when by mere luck a Jewish agency
got us passage on board a cattle ship going to
Liverpool. We had a terrible trip across the
Atlantic Ocean, working as cattle feeders and
undergoing such hardships that we almost en
vied the cattle we were caring for, they at
least being well fed, while we lived on hard
tack and water during the trip.
In Liverpool the owner of a tramp steamer
gave us passage to Spain, landing in Valencia
in April or thereabouts. We then went over
land to Barcelona and thence through Zaragoza
to Madrid, where we had some relatives. Two
weeks afterward we etruck the road north
ward toward France, going through many in
teresting cities, fuch as Valladolid, Burgos and
Bilbao. Cro5sing the frcntiers of France
through Hendaya. we went to Bordeaux, scene
of the fatal ending of the Paris-Madrid auto
mobile race.
From Tampa we followed the railway tracks
to Jacksonville, Fla.. and had a very narrow
escap* from death while attempting to cross a
trestle-work bridge. About half way across,
bearing the tandem on our shoulder* , we saw
a passenger train coming upon us at fuli
speed. barely had time to tie the bicycle
to the trestles with a strap and hang under
neath when the train passed over our heads.
letters of recommendation to steamship agen
cies In Jacksonville provided us work on board
a Clyde Line steamer going to New York.
HORRORS OF CATTLE SHIP.
V\> Bt»rte<l on December 20, 1902. from Cuba,
stowing away on a steamer bound for Key
West FU. cm our arrival in the latter place
we were taken in charge by the authorities,
not having th<> 530 required by the. immigra
tion Ibwb of the United States, but influential
friends havinK secured our release, we re-em
barked for Tampa. I forgot to mention that a
Men knoti-n bicycle firm having an acency In
Cuba had Given us a tandem on which we weie
to make the trip.
Henry : 0. Arguello and Alfred Deulo
fen, Cuban youths, aged 19 and 20, re
spectively, arrived in this city yester
day on the United States transport
Sheridan. They are making a tour
around the world "the best way they
can" in the interests of a Havana
newspaper. . ¦ .
Arguello said concerning their ex
perienced:
Visit 'Southern Europe, Aus
tralia, Philippines and India,
and Beach Here on Transport
DEPART AS STOWAWAYS
Cuban Youths^ Circling Globe
in Interests of Havana Paper
Meet With Many Hardships
Fruit ., Distributers Re, - elect
Him Secretary and Manager
of tho State Organization
ANNUAL MEETING IS HELD
' <V '•'¦¦¦
Association Discusses Ways
for Expediting Shipments
of - Its Fruit to ' the East
OXLY GRIZZLY. BEAR BORN IN
CAPTIVITY THE LATEST AR
RIVAL AT GOLDEN GATE PARK
B
E3
B
H
BURTON HOLMES LECTURES
ON YELLOWSTONE PARK
Lieutenant Governor Alden Andersen,
who recently announced his intention
of resigning the positlon\>f manager of
the California Fruit Distributers, has
been; induced to' reconsider the move,
and yesterday the organization showed
its. apprecfation of his services by re
electing him its manager. The. associa
tion held its annual meeting at the Pal
ace Hotel and elected the following of
ficers: President, Frank II.. Buck; vice
president; W. E. Gerber; secretary and
manager, Alden Anderson; directors,
H. A. Fairbanks, C. M. Hartley. T. M.
B. McKevitt, G. D. Kellogg, A. R.
Sprague. C. B. Bills, A. H. Schnable
and. A. C. Short. ..'
The evening session was devoted to
the reading- of various reports, among
them, .the annual \ report . of Manager
Anderson, .which incorporated practi
cally the same matter that he recently
furnished to the fruit .-ro./ers at their
session in Fresno and-in a special arti
cle, prepared for The Call. One feature
of hl3 Teport, and an exceedingly inter
esting'one to the fruit shippers of this
State, refers to data gathered, from all
sections of the country, showing that
the present methods - of the California
shippers are being adopted by shippers
in „ other , agricultural 1 districts of the
country. This information was gleaned
from I numerous reports received from
the agents of the '.California Fruit Dis
tributers in other parts of the U_lted
States. For instance one report from
the East states that the apple growers
there are abandoning the use of Ibarrels
for the shipment of their product and
adopting the Calif oinia method of
papking In fruit boxes.
Manager j Anderson's • report deals at
length with ¦ the necessity of getting
imp: oved service from the railroad
companies for the expediting of Eastern
shipments. While no particular . fault
is found with the' manner In which the
crop of last year was handled it Is
suggested that the association, by care
ful study, may. improve on the service,
with the co-operation of the transpor
tation companies. The association will
resume its session at th* I alace to
day.
Sudden Death of Miss Kaveny.
Miss Annie M. Kaveny, owner of a
dry goods shop at 3404 Mission
street, was found lying unconscious
in bed last .Wednesday evening at 6
o'clock. She slept in a room off the
shop and the door was locked. Gas
was escaping from a burner in the
show window.- A doctor was called,
but the woman died at 6:15 a. m. yes
terday. An autopsy showed that
death had been caused by fatty de
generation of the heart and cirrhosis
of the liver. The^ deceased was 45
years of acef^ 'l\-.£
Is Not Scientific Research.
At the instance of Charles Vogel
sang, dequties of the Fish Commis
sion have arrested .Lee Him and^Wong
Yat of the Chinese quarter for selling
quail. The . birds were brought to
this country from China. The laws
of California .permit' the importation
of quail for scientific purposes, but
Vogelsang holds that the consumption
of them in a chop suey Joint cannot be
construed as such.
Large . Audience Enjoys Views of
Sppntlng Geysers nnd Other Won
ders of National Reservation.
Burton Holmes has a happy kn«ick
of transporting his audiences from any
side and up and down and all over
the globe— east. west, north or south—
with consummate ease and skillful per
suasion. Wednesday night he filled a
large audience with enthusiasm over
the delights of St. Petersburg, and
within twenty-four hours he . brought
his tourists right into the very heart
of nature's wonderland, the Yellowstone
National Park, the pride spot of Amer
icana and the admired of the foreigner.
With the magic aid of moving pic
tures, the greatest of geysers were
shown, spouting their millions of gal
lons of foaming water. Gigantic moun
tains, canyons, rivers and lakes were
presented in all their grandeur. '
Glimpses were given in the great gey
ser basins and the coloring of the va
rious-pictures,' sunset and night effects
and the day's lights and shades, was
remarkable enough'to. send the assem
blage into raptures.
To-night Burton Holmes takes the
Jump to Moscow, where he will relate
historical events and present pictorials,
both st«reopticon and moving, of scenes
which are of most interest to those vis
iting the ancient and historic Muscovite
city. :
WEIili-KNOWX EDITOR
WEDS IX ST. LOUIS
.Miss Clare May Crawford Becomes
Bride of James R. Nourse of
This City.
Miss Clare May Crawford and James
R. Nourse were married yesterday
morning at St. Louis, the home of the
bride. The Rev. Samuel. Niccolles of
the Second Presbyterian Church offi
ciated. .
Mr. Nourse is city editor, of the San
Francisco Examiner, and has numer
ous friends among the newspaper fra
ternity. He was a member *of the class
of.i'97 of Stanford University, and be
came identified-with the local press im
mediately after leaving college. . After
marked success in other positions he
was appointed to his present one a year
ago. . ,' , ;,.
? Mrs. Xourse - Is the daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. Edwin G. Crawford, well
known in St. Louis. In 1899 she was
traveling In California and formed the
acquaintance of Mr. Nourse. The young
bride is a musician of much ability.
After the ceremony the. couple left
St. .Louis for" this city, where they will
live. ; -••¦ - ¦•' " ¦ '¦;'."¦:¦ \\ ' -- .
O. W. Dcnnison Is 3Iade tho. Victim
of Five Race Track.
ATTACK ; AXD ROBBERY .-> :
t : ;";: ' OX CROWDED STREET
. O.. \V. Dennison.i a carpenter resid
ing at 743 Maple street, was the victim
of an' extremely ' bold robbery soon
aftents (o'clock* last night. Five race
track; touts.~ma.de- his acquaintance
'while; crossing on the ferry-boat to
this ! city, and at the corner of Call
fornia<and Druinm streets threw him
Into acellarway, beat hlm'on the head
undtook $170 from his pockets. At
lhe time of the crime there were hun
*dreds : of pedestrians on^their .way to
anj»r from the ferry, • many of whom
were attracted _ by .:. Dennison's cries.
Yet; the "thieves -.darted '.up Drumm
street and made, their escape. V.
The carpenter had spent the after?
noon at the race track and the thieves
who ; made - ¦ his ¦ acquaintance 4 were
touts, four of whom he knows by
sight." ¦ ¦ ; ':. :¦-.¦:' " . ;.-"..¦
Pass 3IetIical Examination.
The medical board of the Civil Ser
vice .Commission Wednesday night
passed ;108;,applicants for; the .police
men's "examination to be held ¦ soon.
Twenty-one \ applicants^ were -.rejected
and \ twenty-eight failed on the 7 points
of height and 'weight. ; '
Water Turned Into, the New Model Yacht
Lake — Bear Baby Weighing Less Than
a Pound Born at Pit of the Grizzlies
WORKING WAY
'ROUND WORLD
ANDERSON HAS
BEEN RETAINED
TWO EVENTS OF A DAY
I N GOLDEN GATE PARK
THE- SAN FRANCISCO <CALIi,- FRIDAY, JANUARY .15, 1904;
16
ADVEBTISEMENTa
BDOI ¦llllllinpflB I" _ll «B|
!'¦ Do You Ever Tire of Music? |
Of course not; then the I
PIANO PLAYER |
will afford you inlmite delight I
with its unlimited repertoire 1
without any musical knowl- ' . 1
'j '-':• edge on your part. v The i
perfect player having a com- 1
pass seventeen notes greater |
than any other— remarkably B
reasonable, too :-::?: : : : B
Bc4 Curtaz & Son j
<Sole Agenta.) m
16 O'Farrell St., S. F. I
Saa Jose. Stockton, ' Alameda. Fresno, m
JOE BOSEITBEIIG'S.^^ i
Your landlord's, yonr land- j
Jady's or your own gas bill
saved when you bay your un-
derwear here. They arc warm
and comfortable and low in
price also. ;
Ladies' Vests— Made of j
steam-shrunk yarn; high j
neck and long: sleeves; jer-
sey knit; fleece lined. Pants
to match; same quality as
above; ankle length: French j
band. Price 25c ;
LADIES' COMBINATION SUITS,
the cplobrat^d "Mentor" make, high
n^ck and lone sleeves, ankle length,
kid fitting, jersey knit and wool fin- j
ish; winter' weight, in" gray or ecru.
Price • 5Oc
LADIES' VESTS, made of steam- j
shrunk Australian wool, high neck \
and long sleeves, pants to match,
ankle length. -French band in gray. or
¦white: soft as velvet to tlie most ten-
der skin. ' a garment g.'c
LADIES' VESTS, made of pure '¦
"Vesa" ¦ silk, high neck and long !
sleeves. Swiss-ribbed tights to match, :
ankle' length, tight-fitting top. in I
blue. pink, white and black. Now ,
A garment gtl.OO
CHILD'S COMBINATION SUITS,
high neck and long sleeves-. Made of i
-steam-shrunk yarn. jersey knit, i
fleece lined, the celebrated "Mentor" !
make, fcid fitting. Large and small ;
sizes J>Oe
XJTTAITTS' VESTS, high neck and j
long sleeves. Made of Jersey knitted
fabric, steam shrunk and medicated, j
soft as velvet to the most * tender ;
ekln; easy to put on and take off. as
they open all the way down the front. ¦,
Large and smsll sizes at the Price
Cutters i!r»«? j
CHILDKEN'S VESTS, high neck <
and long sleeves. Made of fleece- ¦
lined yarn, jersey knit, elastic and ,
steam shrunk by a sanitary process.
PANTS to match, the same quality
as above. French band and anklq I
length; in gray or ecru; all sizes..
25c j
KAIL OBSESS SOLICITED.
JfjFnOSENBERG j
Home of 6ood Underwear j
816 MARKET ST. ]
. : j
Colds
La Grippe I
Catarrh!
• - *¦ i
Positively cured with Dr. Hal- j
primer's Wonderful Medicine, |
or your money returned. Price, i
50c. and $1.00 per bottle. For j
sale by all dealers and at office !
of Halpruner Medical Mfg. Co.,
28 California St., S. F., sent by
mail or express. People cured
free of charge from 1 to 4 p. m.
I "Kins of cfl Boltled Beers.**
1 ( fircwetf from Bohemian Hops.
| SOLO EYEB VWHERe.
¦ HI^UEliT MERCANTILE CO-
H Pacir.c \Cc as t A cents. K j
'
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
ISA GREAT RESTORATIVE. XNV4UORA-
tor and Nervine.
The must wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic tor the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
Tb« Uextcan Heir.edles (or Diseases o! tbs
Kidneys and Bladder. Sells on its own merits.
NADER. ALFS & BRUXE. Atents.
S23 Uarket f i.. S. F.— i&end for Circulars).
§L^ FAVORITE
Ibescription
K- FOR WEAK WOMEN.
/^\^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
M^^Jnm 629 KKARM ST. Established
M JJSjWff M«-m>*s. I/xit MuiiIkmkI. T>cblllty or
42>BKffl9£»R ri i*»j s* \vcariceon hodyan<1 nillitl and
Skin Pio-^Vrs. Th<» nocU)rn:r»-s wlten
others fail. Try him. fliKr>t«^ low.
pnaranlpril. Call or write.
Dr. J. W. «IBBO.\, Can Francisco, Cal.
DDTTQU27Q ro^ barbers, ba-
iJ ri UOri £ll3 k « r ». bootblack*., bath-
bouses.- bnila'td tables.
brewerr. bookbinders, candy, makers, canners.
<iy«re. "flour tslllr, foundries,* laundries, paper-
l.ar.;rr». Drtnters, painters. sbo« factories.
• * R LlriTicn. tar*roofeT*f(. tannfr*.* tailor* etc. (
ECCHANAS BROS,
Bnuh Mannf actarer*. COS Sacramento St.
OeAoo/s and Colleges,
3B1 1 1 fe^l&tf Pa J3W9 A uf * - >m9
Lf 4 L- y i ¦ ' " I ¦ ¦ \ki * i^*3
XJEADING TOSLVEES COLtEGE.OF TMK
WT.FT. 24 Pott itu: San Francisco.- Cat
Established 40 year*. Ooen entire year.
- Writ* for Ulsstrated c»talcca« (fret).
ADVERTISEMENTS.^ .; .
Which save them money and clothe their
boys with quality; We offer for Friday
and Saturday only
Norfolk Sailor Suits .
In Blue and Brown All-Wool Cheviots
and Mixed Tweeds. Ages 3 to 7. .
Reefer Overcoats
Oxford Grays, Blues and Reds. Fancy
Cheviots with all-wool red lining. Ages
3 to 10. /• •
You can't match our fit, fabric or
finish elsewhere for the price. Don't
faif to. visit our extensive Boys' and
Children's* Clothing Department.
Open Saturday 'Night Till io O* Clock.
51fe-SmriARK£T§T.M^} 0 Go^ B y
Burdettc to Lecture. I "Good Medicine" to-night in ths au-
Robert J. Burdette will lecture on \ dltorlum of the T. ai. C. A.
¦ ¦¦BBBaBBBBBnBBEBBBHHEBHaBBBBBaHBBBI.BaBBBll
I A View of the Great St. Lonis Exposition From Yonr Armchair ¦
B j— ¦ — ; — | g
I ...ST. LOUIS... 8
B | ¦ ' - I ¦
I Worlds Fair Portfolio Series I
1 I IN BEAUTIFUL COLORS §
B .•.-¦.• ..;.••->.,¦ • % . -..¦-.-.•-_ ; ¦¦: >l .- ; ;•¦-.¦
¦ •¦ . ; ¦ ... , . . .: ... _/.••¦ :¦-¦•- ¦'¦;• : ?-'g
g PRESERVE THIS SERIESTO BE BOUND IN PORTFOLIO FORM B
1- . --'•.-; .— .; ""¦¦^¦S
B - Greater San Francisco's Greatest Dally scores D
H j a^afn with nn entirely new Snnday feature.
H By an exclusive arransenient, secured at an enor- ~
mous cost, THE SUNDAY . CALL will be the first to rl
g Issue the \VOItIJ>fc FAIR OFFICIAIi ART SERIES. pj
g reproductions In color of the grounds and buildings B
B of the Louisiana Purchase exposition. B
g , 5
Br- . / ' • . ' . '* - 1 5
B ; : -; i -;; : KS ; *>--:; v:--r '¦ ¦"•¦¦ •¦ ' ¦¦• ; .- : : .. ; -. ~..} t y- ..¦•-'. ¦ : ¦¦-:-, ¦<:-:,¦,'¦"'¦ '¦ : n
I ;' _ , v „ :'*V ; ' ' -y ¦'¦'"¦• ¦ ¦¦' ¦¦ I S
g" ' . ' • ' ' $$ i> : iS
j ¦ :
I ¦ THE FIRST OF THIS SERIES WILL BE ISSUED °
1 SUNDAY, JANUARY 31st 1
B r — : ; — ¦ . ' . , *— ' ¦
9 The original of that Sunday's Art Supplement Li g]
q the first artistic reproduction showlns the archltec- n
13 tural beauty of the Ivory City, and is selected as one ?
P3 or the best of the many views submitted, it beui? th« . ¦ ¦
¦ ; : ;>-J object to combine In a limited series the most import- {¦*
E ant and Interesting features of tho St. Louis World'* I Ej
B FalT ' " D
¦ The Palace of Machinery, representing power, E
¦'¦"¦¦ " force. In reality tlie pivot on which this immense ea- •..<
g bibition revolves, is the lnnngural Issue of what will' - S
¦S doubtless prove the most Interesting series that was — n
! ever given free. by a publication. ' B
g Tlie main entrance to this building shows a triple
H nrcade, with large pavilion in the center. The north §
g front, which Is thirteen hundred feet hi length, has an u
g arcade of nine arches as a center feature. E)
H Followlnj- the classical in architectural effect. S
¦ • there are. found several beautiful examples of the Ital- S
g Ian and SpnnLsh Renaissance styles. The brilliancy of q
g / color, the realistic scene, with the moving crowds of n
B j Bightsccrs. glvo variety and animation to tho picture. ¦
m Nothing is so universally attractive as power. 3Ien. 5
g animals nml nature arc most fascinated when, by ." S
g Its exercise, they demonstrate possession of extraor- R
D ; dinary power. Admiration for might and the desire « ¦
Bl to sec it in evidence, to feel It nnd sense it. to rcmem-" - ®
(9 bcr it and to tell of it, arc Instinctive factors with §
S men. women and children. This Is the keynote to the S
™ collection and arrangement of the exhibits in the Ma- g|
: chinery Department — Power. Here are shown the rj
H methods and means for creating every variety of ma- B
HI chincry for the generation, transmission and use of B
B povrcr. . O
§ . Forty thousand . horses, harnessed together and rj
B v pullins with one mighty concentrated effort convey B
H ;/V the Idea or the total power which makes the wheels B
Bi -of this World's- Fair go round. The engines, con- n
M ¦ . densers, pumps, moving machinery and accessories S
® mnkins up the power plant, .which Is the largest ever „
¦ Fhown at an exhibit, arc installed on the main floor „
» ; 'of Machinery Hall and occupy the entire westerly half ¦ • S
«* . • of - tliat huiidlng— on area of something over , 200.000 S
» Bquare feet, or about the size of an ordinary city dt
g block.: > '¦:>.. - 3
q Tliere will doubtless be an unprecedented demand pj
q , for. this SERIES. Nearly every one will want to pre« U
jU Kervc them to lie bound in PORTFOLIO FORM.' IQ
B Make certain of your setting the full set by giving O
E3 . an advance order. *" Kt
B . • - i :. ; _. .¦".¦:¦: ¦• '.¦.¦_•-.¦ B
1 I THE SAN F^ANCISpG CALL, I
g . GREATER SAN FRANCISCO'S GREATEST PAPER I
a i— — — — — — — — ; ! - " " -"•- — ••¦"•-••¦'•¦ • .- B
B ALIi TRAIN' XEWSBOYS AND ALL NEWS S3
B DEALERS-SELL THE CALL. • ' % ; •• * B
ADVERTISEMENTS..
AN EDITOR'S
EXPERIENCE
» '
fn the .Treatment of Humours
with More Than Magical
Effect with
CUTICURA -REMEDIES.
A Remarkable Testimonial from
a Most Intelligent and
Trustworthy Lady.
; "A tnmor came on my neck and in a
day or two it was as large as half an
orange. I was very much nlarmed for
fear it was malignant. My friends
tried to persuade me to consult niy
physician ;" bat dreading that he would
insist on using the knife, I would not
consent to go. Instead, I got Cuticura
Resolvent and Cuticura Ointment.*!' I
took .the former- according to r direc-
tions, and spread j a thick layer of the
1 Ointment on the swelling. On renew-
ing it I "would bathu my neck in very
/warm water and Cuticura Soap. In' a
few days ! the Cuticura Ointment had
drawn the swelling to a head, when it
broke. Every morning it-was opened
with a large sterilized needle, squeezed
and bothed, arid '.fresh . Ointment put
on. Pus^ and ; blood, and a' yellow,
-cheesy, tnmorons matter came out.*. In
about three ,^r' four weeks' time this
( treatment completely eliminated the
j, tu m or. 7 The . soreness ' that had ex-
\ tended f down^lnto my -chest was all
gone; and my neck now seems to be
perfectly ; well " , ' . -
"About five or six years ago my sis-
ter had a similar, experience,' used the
: Cuticura Remedies with 'magical [effect. ;
I anifWtlHnc you should usa my testi-
monial, with: the v further privilege of.
revealing my name and address to soch
; persons - as may -wish . to substantiate
the abovo statements by personal letter
to me." , Chicago, Nov: 12, 1902.
- * Veld throughout ths worM. Cntlevrs Ka«>WcBt, 00a.'
: On form of Chocolate C«M PfiU. 1M. iwt »l«i of «n\ '
O1nttn.nl. me.. Soss. Ifc. UtpnU i London. XT Charur-
• hona* 8q.i Ptrte, « Rat d* UPili; Uoitoo, 1ST Cnlum-
I bo* A»« Pottti Drug * Chen. Corp , Sol« Preprittore.
«re«ftdfcfao» toCnr* Ertrj Bb»om."