THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 22, 1904.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
MRS. AGNES WILSON. AND THE
SCENE OF HER ENCOUNTER
WITH THE MASKED BURGLAR.
Aged Woman Struck by Train.
STOCKTON. Jan. 21. — Mrs. D. C.
Matteson, a pioneer resident of this
city, was ; struck by a Southern • Pacific
train this evening as it was crossing
Sacramento street, and had her": left
hand and '= foot 'so badly crushed* that
the foot had to be "amputated above the
ankle and - two fingers had to : be re
moved. • She is 75 years of age and may
not from * the shock- Her, hus
band , is" lying at the point of death as
the result *of : a complication of dis
eases. ... . .
DISCOVERY OF FREE GOLD
CAUSES GREAT EXCITEMENT
I Business Men Are Closing Their Stores
! and Hurryin? to the Fields on
Kevnelto Creek.
SANTA FE. N. M.. Jan. 21. — Owing
to' an unexpected discovery of gold the
; wildest excitement -prevails around
| Tucnmcari, on the Rock Island Rail
j way. Business men have closed their
stores and are flocking to the placer
• fields ¦ eighteen miles east of Tucura
cari, on Revuelto Creek. Three hun
dred 'men are on the grounds. The
formation' is black sand and nuggets
are found everywhere as big as wheat
grains. Gold is found in every pan.
Gold had never before been found in
that sectioa
Dervish , Force Is flouted.
AX)EN. Arabia, Jan. 21. — Advices
from Somaliland say that Kenna's So
mali Mounted Infantry surprised a
body of the Mullah's forces on Janu
ary; 17 in the vicinity of Kilinaad.
killing fifty spearmen and capturing
'3000 camels and thousands of* sheep.
William Hoom was arrested early
yesterday morning and booked on the
detinue book at the City Prison by
Patrolmen Hurd and Pearl. Shortly
after midnight C. Hansen of 503 Ma
son street was; startled to . see a man
cautiously- raise j his window and step
into the room from the : second-story
porch. He ; gave - the alarm and the
porch : climber • fled,, leaving > his ; over
coat behind. The officers found Hoom
in the : vicinity, and,\ deeming his ac
tions suspicious, placedhim under ar
rest. ¦ The overcoat . found - in the Ma
son-street : house.: fits 'Hoom 1 perfectly:
nals might lead to the detection of the
robber. So ' far as known the police
have no clew whatever.
Arrest Supposed Porch Climber.
Murder Suspected in Seattle.
SEATTLE, Jan. 21. — An autopsy to
i day showed that Daniel E. Callahan.
• who was found in the middle of the
| car tracks in North Seattle yesterday
j morning, was murdered. There is evi
dence of several blows on the head,
which did not fracture the skull but
i produced blood clots on the brain.
The man was yesj^gday thought to be
E. B. Perry. Pel '^turned up to-day
and said that he &V> Callahan had
been comparing time books and acci
dentally got them mixed.
VICTORIA. B. C. Jan. 21. — Ad
vices from Sydney by the steamer
Aorangi, which arrived to-day. Jtel!
of a marine disaster, in which Captain
Carrington- of the steamer Coogee and
Frank Golley. a seaman, were killed.
•- The Italian ship Fortunato Figaro,
bound from Melbourne for Newcastle,
collided with the steamer Coogee,
from Launeston for Melbourne. The
Italian ship crashed into the steamer
at the forward bow and the jibboom
of the Italian vessel swept the steam
er's beam, splintering the bridge and
all deck works and -killing Captain
Carrington and Golley. Second Mate
Du rant had a leg broken.
Collision or Vessels Off the Coast of
'¦> Australia Causes the Death
of Two Men.
CAPTAIN AND SEAMAN
KILLED IN A DISASTER
any one, as the contents of the letter
mentioned would indicate. She was
married, but her husband has • been
dead for some time. She alone can
tell who the dead man was, and may
be able to clear- his identity."
A dispatch from Fresno says that no
one named J. B. Terry is missing from
that city.
Mrs. Isabel Le Bourveau is the
San Francisco woman who wrote the
letter found among the effects of the
victim cr Idaho assascins. Mrs. Le
k Bourveau was connected with the La
R^lle millinery establishment at 738
Valencia street until four months ago,
when she departed to accept a position
in Fresno. One month ago she left
California and went to New Orleans on
a visit to her uncle, H. C. Melbourne,
and his family. The Valencia-street
Ftore is still conducted by Mrs. Mel
bourne, mother of Mrs. Le Bourveau,
and her two daughters. Terese and Ce
cile Melbourne At the present time
only the mother and Miss.Cecile are in
the city.
When given the information con
tained in the foregoing Salt Lake dis
patches both mother and daughter de
nied any knowledge of Mrs. Le Bour
veau's friend. They say they know of
no one with whom the lady is on such
friendly terms and no one of the Ini
tials "J. B. T."
"My sister left for Fresno some time
ago." says Miss Cecile Melbourne,
"and it may be that she met the gen
tleman there. I know most of her
friends here in, the city and am not
an are that she received presents from
3Irs. Isabel Lc Bouncau Now Visiting
Relatives in Ncvr Orleans.
WRITER OF LETTER ABSENT.
NEW YORK. Jan. 21. — E. A. Early,
a banker, who says that mystic In
fluences were at work on him through
the agency of his stomach, bidding
him kill the President, was commit
ted to Bellevue Hospital to-day for
examination as to his sanity. Early,
who was arrested after writing a long,
rambling letter to Police Commission
er McAdoo. greeting the officers as
"deliverers from his bondage." said
he felt the mysterious pains ever in
their oresence and that the clock was
affected by the spell.
"They are after me so bad now."
he said, "that they want me to kill
the President. I have wonderful will
power and have stood them, oft so far.
but they are going at me through my
stomach and I don't know what will
happen." .
New York Banker Is Committed to
Bellevce Hospital Pending Ex
amination as to .His Sanity.
SAYS 3rYSTIC INFLUENCES
BADE HIM KILL PRESIDENT
- DAWSON, Jan. 21.— Damage to prop
erty amounting to $120,000 was done by
a fire .early this -morning. The entire
Klondike capital' was threatened for- an
hour, and it was twice that time before
the fire was 1 got under control.
Two 'warehouses, those of the Joseph
Ladue Company: and thef Ames Mer
cantile Company, were burned to the
ground. Other buildings- were near by
and it was only by the hardest kind of
work in the coldest of weather that
they were saved.
The thermometer registered 42 de
grees below zero . when the firemen
hurried out in answer to the general
alarm. It was so excessively cold that
time and again the firemen had their
clothes frozen solid, and their garments
had to be broken with .the blades of
axes before they could be pulled off
to, ; be replaced by . others. Spectators
of 'the fire who stood as close as they
dared had their ears frozen.
\ Besides a large line of ; general mer
chandise that was ruined, there was a
stored supply, of sixty, tons of hams im
ported last season. This was the largest
part of .the Dawson, supply for the
winter." and It 13 probable that there
1 will now" be a famine in this particular
line before spring. .
Special Dispatch to The CaU.
Admit in Open Court That They Ac
crpted Bribes to Assist in Carry
out a Water Deal.
GRAND RAPIDS, Mich., Jan. 21. —
Ex-Alderman James O. McCool to
day pleaded guilty to the charge of
accepting a bribe 'from Lant K. Sals
bury for aiding the , water deal, j His
trial was to have been begun to-day,
but it is said that as a result of yes
terday's verdict of guilty in the El
len case McCool decided to change
his plea to guilty. Soon after ex-City
Clerk Lamoreaux also -changed his
plea of not ; illty to guilty. He was
charged with conspiracy in the water
deal. -- -_-;;-<"
The court granted a motion for a
twenty-day etay of proceedings in the
Ellen case. An appeal will be taken
j to the Supreme Court.
MICHIGAN BOODLERS
ENTER PLEAS OF GUILTY
WASHINGTON. Jan. 21. — Senator
Hanna was confined to bed to-day by
a severe cold. A physician said that
Hanna m,ust have rest, although the
attack was not serious.
Senator Hanna Has a Cold.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G - STREET,
N, W., WASHINGTON, Jan. 21.—
President Roosevelt's reception to the
Judiciary Committee to-night was all
that any stickler for etiquette could
have desired. The Embassadors , and
all members of the diplomatic corps
appeared in their court dress. In re
sponse to the State Department's re
quest.
The reception 4 was full of pomp and
circumstance. Medals, brass buttons
and gold lace glittered under the bril
liant light of the candelabras.
There were 1766 guests present. The
diplomatic corps, headed by the dean,
Count Cassini, . the Russian Embassa
dor. attended in a body. All of the
diplomats, in accordance with the spe
cial request made through Count Cas
sini, wore full uniform. The diplomatic
corps preceded the rest of the guests,
the judiciary immediately following.
Many members of both houses of Con
gress and of the army and navy, the
latter in full uniform, were in the re
ception party in the blue room.
Beyond the banking of flowers in the
corners" of the parlors and corridors,
there was no attempt at floral decora
tions. , The Marine band played dur
ing the evening. - ¦>
Special DI «patch to.Th« Call.
Tremendous Fire Oc
curs in Frozen
; Dawson.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 21. — Delegates
to the National Republican conven
tion selected yesterday in Florida are
a. unit for President Roosevelt. In
each district resolutions of instruc
tion for the President were adopted.
Floridans Favor Roosevelt.
White House Recep
tion a Brilliant
ICE-CLAD
MEN FIGHT
THE FLAMES
DIPLOMATS
APPEAR IN
UNIFORMS
EXCHEQUER OF BRITAIN
IS RAPIDLY DIMINISHING
Chancellor Announces That Unless
Revenue Returns Increase Expendi
tures Must Be Economized.
LONDCJ^.' Jan. 21.— Chancellor of the
Exchequer Austen Chamberlain, reply
ing to-night to .*the toast, '••His Maj
esty's Ministers," at a banquet of the
Carpenters' Company, said that unless
a great change occurred within the
next few months in the revenue returns
there would be little prospect of realiz
ing the budget anticipations, and that
he was afraid he would not be able
to propose a remission of taxes during
this session of Parliament. He explain
ed that the Somaliland campaign had
proved to be much more costly than
had been anticipated and that the pur
chase of equipment of the two Chilean
battleships had been another unexpect
ed financial drain. He hoped it -would
not be necessary to increase the indebt
edness of the state, but said there
would be special need for economy in
the national expenditures for several
years to come.
An unfortunate circumstance, from a
police standpoint, is the fact that Mrs.
Wilson is utterly unable to Identify her
assailant. She said last night that the
two points she noticed about him were
that he was well built and wore a
double-breasted square-cut coat >of
dark hue. She was unable to say
whether the clothing was blue or black.
She gained an Impression that the
trousers were lighter than the coat and
waistcoat.
Over his face, she said, he wore a
black silk handkerchief, bound around
the brows. She did not think there
•were any eyeholes in the handkermhief,
although it is inconceivable that one
could perform the actions that the rob
ber went through without use of the
eyes. -Mrs. .Wilson is positive that the
handkerchief covered the face above
the eyes and frankly acknowledges
that if the man were arrested she
would not be able to Identify him by
his face. She remembers that he had
dark hair and that he was "well
dressed. Other than that she has no
description.
Mrs. Wilson and her husband came
to this city from New York two months
ago and have occupied the premises at
100S% Guerrero street since the second
day of their arrival. The husband is
employed in a wholesale house on San
some, street 'as an accountant.
Detective Tim Bailey was detailed on
the case as quickly as it was reported
and last night Detective Jack Fitzger
ald was sent out in the hope . that ; his
wide knowledge of the Mission crixni-
person of the adventurous robber that
invaded the home of Mrs. Agnes Wil
son, at 1C0SH Guerrero street, at noon
yesterday. The perpetrator of the dar
ing crime covered his tracks so com
pletely that it is doubtful whether the
police will ever be able to secure him.
The robbery was both daring and un
precedented. After buying some vege
tables from a Chinese peddler Mrs.
Wilson climbed the steps to her apart
ments. As she entered the kitchen,
with her apron full of her purchases,
she noticed that the room was darker
than usual. Instinctively she drew
back, but before she could collect hex
thoughts a man was grasping her by
the threat and arm. She had no op
portunity to scream and was so fright
ened by the attack that she made no
outcry.
The robber said he ; wanted all her
money. She told him she. had no
money. He slapped her with. an open
hand on her cheek and said, "Give me
all you have." She pointed to a
drawer of a dressing-case, and from it
the robber took a purse containing
510 65. He dumped the contents of the
purse out on the dresser and selected
only the money for his spoils.
"You have more money than that,"
said the robber and again grabbed the
woman. She was too frightened to
scream and was subjected to a desper
ate pressure on her arms, which now
bear bruises. Then the robber tore
open her wrapper and searched for
hidden money. When he had finished
his quest t» pulled down a heavy
Turkish curtain that separated the
Kitchen from the dining-room, wrapped
It around the head of Mrs. Wilson and
threw her to the floor. When she re
covered from fright she went to
the back steps of the flat and screamed.
Dozens of persons hastened to her res
cue. But the robber had escaped.
Doubtless he went down the front
stairs and emerged at the front en
trance. ! Mrs. Wilson is positive that
this was the method of his escape, be
cause he passed her in the doorway
connecting the kitchen and dining
room, after she had been wrapped in
the curtain-
John B. Murphy, the Idaho cattle de
tective, who passed through here to
day en route to Omaha, said:
• : I worked on the Terry case for a
few days, more through professional
interest than fcr any other reason. I
am convinced that, whoever the man
¦was, he was decoyed to the desert and
there murdered. I also think that
there is, cr was, an organized gang
that made a business of getting pros
pective land buyers into their clutches
and then putting them ouAof the way."*
In the inside pocket of the waistcoat
vrorn by the dead man was found a let
ter which may throw some light on the
trajcedj*. It bore no • date, but was
¦written on a letterhead of a millinery
store at T*S Valencia street. San Fran
i cisco, and was signed "Belle." A part
of a torn card, bearing the words "La
\ Belle Millinery." but no address, was
also found in the pocket.
CONTEXTS OF THE LETTER.
The letter was addressed "Dear
John," and was couched in the most
endearing terms. It thanked "John"
; for a present recently received, and
also referred to several other gifts that
the addressee had apparently bought for
her, including a silk petticoat. Other
wise there is nothing in the note that
<-an supply a clew to the Identity of
the mysterious dead man.
From the texture of the clothing
found on and rear the body it is evi
dent that the man was well to do, at
least, although no money or other val
uables were found. Silk underwear
and a. white shirt which he had worn
•were embroidered with the initials "J.
B. T." The man had a!so worn a
white, stiff collar. AH the linen bore a
laundry mark that has not been de
ciphered as yet.
ORGANIZED GANG AT WORK.
Th** generally accepted theory now
i* that Terry, if that was the name of
the deceased, was enticed to the desert
tinder the pretense of looking at some
land that had been ofrered~to'"ETmr ~EXT-~
fience has been obtained showing that
a man of his description passed through
PocatelJo laSt July, and said that he
¦was goicg to look at a sheep ranch.
H» was accompanied by another stran
ger. Neither has been seen in Poca
tello since that time.
SALT LAKE, Utah, Jan. 21.— Slowly
data is coming forth that may event
ually solve the mystery connected with
the finding o-f the body of an apparent
ly wealthv man on the desert twenty
miles north cf Market Lane, Idaho.
The peculiar circumstances connected
*-.".h the discovery of the remains con
vinced the authorities that the man
¦was the \-:ctim cf a crime., and that
he had been lured to that out of the
vay fjiot that he might be murdered
and plundered.
At first it »vas reported that three
envelopes found in the coat fee had
worn were addressed to J. B. Terry,
but th^ envelopes were fmpty, the let
ters that they had contained having
disappeared. Now it develops that two
of the letters have been found. One of
them was evidently written by a San
Francisco woman and the other was
mailed at Cleveland. Ohio. The first
gives a faint clew, the second nothing
that f>.e effleers can work on.
Special Di«r»trb to The Call
SALT LAKE, Utah. Jan. 28.— "Mark
Hanna is not a candidate for the
Presidential nomination this ye3r. You
can say this as an absolute fact.
Hanna will be a candidate for the nom
ination in 1903; this Is also a fact. Sen
ator Hanna will under no circum
stances allow his name to go before
the Republican convention this year.
Neither can they 'Roosevelt' him. and
if any such attempt is made he will
balk and he will balk hard. I make
these assertions- from my own personal
knowledge and* you can quote me as
saying so."
This was the declaration to-night
made by J. H. Shievely. chairman of
the Republican State Committee of
Washington and Insurance Commis
sioner of that State. Shievely Is here
with the party of United States Sena
tor John Mitchell of Oregon. Shievely
is an intimate friend of Senator Har.r.a
and he is deemed to be in the Ohio
man's confidence. With Hanna and.
Forakex. Shievely stumped tbc State
of Ohio for McKinley at the request of
the National Republican Committee
some years ago. He is regarded a* one
of the few ra»r» •*"fio "share the full con
fidence of the Ohio Senator. Shievely
said: •
"All this talk about Senator Hanna
being a candidate for the Presidency
this year is nonsense. I know this to
be a fact. Hanna would not accept the
nomination this time under any con
sideration. He realizes that Roosevelt
is the logical candidate, and he would
be the last man on earth to oppose the
choice of the rank and file of the Re
publican party. Hanna has the Presi
dential ambition, however, beyond a
doubt. He is ready and willing to make
the race for his party when the oppor
tunity seems ripe. That will be In
1903 and not before. The fact that he
has allowed a few of his Intimate
friends tqjmow of thi3 has given rise
to the story that he is seeking quietly
the nomination this year— a story that
reaily has no foundation and Is untrue.
"I repeat: Hanna would not accept
the nomination to succeed Roosevelt
this time. In 130S the third term tradi
tion will bar Roosevelt and Hanna wiD
be a candidate."
Sj>«n»l Dispatch to The Ca'.J
""Wjlth imports of a billion dollars for
1903, being $26,000,000 above the highest
mark previously reached, and with ex
ports amounting to J1.4S4.66S.127. nearly
$20,000,000 greater than the total for any
previous year, we j are unable to per
ceive the necessity for the abandon
ment of protection in order that our
foreign trade may be increased. With
a foreign trade aggregating two and
a half billions of dollars, and steadily
growing, it would seem that we are
already getting a fair share of world
traffic. But it must not be forgotten
that our internal trade t reaches thirty
billions of dc-ilars yearly. To thi3 care
and preservation of the great home
market, with its trade of thirty bil
lions, protection stands especially com
mitted.
OPPOSED TO RECTPROCITY
"In annual meeting assembled, we
reaffirm the position taken by the Tar
iff League'adopted on January 15, 1903,
and declare:
> "That reciprocity in competitive pro
ducts is unsound in principle, pernicious
in practice and condemned by expe
rience. It is contrary alike to the na
tional policy of protection, to the fair
treatment of domestic producers and
to friendly relations with foreign coun
tries.
"It is neither ethical nor economical.
; since it seeks to benefit some Industries
i by the sacrifice of others. Reciprocity
In competitive products is the policy
of favoritism. It tends to array indus-
I try against industry, section against
i section at home and to foment com
| mercial retaliation and plant antagon-
Ism abroad. The true American policy
Is^the srotection of all the opportuni
ties and possibilities of the American
\ market for American enterprises, and
! fair, equal trade treatment for all other
countries."
"It may be that considerations of
sehUmenf*br^e¥eh*oXS party- expediency
seem to party managers wiser guides
In some particular . emergency than
rigid adherence H.o the national policy
of protection. It may be that a party
organization can take that view and
act on it without Injury to itself: but
such a course can no more be pursued
by an organization dedicated to the
cause of protection than an 'individual
can depart from, the line of rectitude
in order to- benefit others.
The Tariff League unanimously
adopted an address "to the protection
ists of the United States." The address
say* :
In the board of managers D. M. Ferry
of Michigan succeeds Senator Francis
E. Warren of Wyoming.
'The following executive committee
was elected: William Barbour. New
Jersey, chairman: Frank M. Cheney,
Connecticut: Governor Franklin Mur
phy, New Jersey; David L. Einstein,
New York, and William F. Draper,
Massachusetts.
LEAGUE ISSUES-ADDRESS.
The electic-n of officers resulted:
President, Charles A. Moore, New
York; first vice president. Colonel A.
G. Payne, New York; second vice presi
dent. Joseph E. Thropp. Massachusetts:
treasurer and general secretary, Wil
bur F. Wakeman. Xew York.
NEW TORK. Jan. 2L— The nineteenth
annual meeting of the American Pro
tective Tariff League was held to-day.
The report of the secretary showed a
membership of 878 in twenty-two dif
ferent States, v *
NEW TORK. Jan. 21.— Stirred by \
| State Senator* Stewart's bill for a State ¦
; water commission, which he declared '
I to be a conspiracy to betray New Ycrrk !
I City into the bands of Ramapo. Bird !
S. Coler openly accuses* Governor Odell i
and his lieutenants of being "grafters" j
I worse than the Tweed ring. He fur- !
' ther charged that Ramapo stock had \
( been distributed and is now held by j
, Republican machine leaders from bot- •
I torn to top, with emphasis cm the top.
"If I had S100.000 back of me to fight j
a lioel suit," said he, vigorously, over
| and over again during a conversation,
1 *'I would call the names of the public
" officials who have this stock.
'"About a month before the Ramapo I
: contract came up for the approval of I
} the Board of Estimate there was a j
¦. meeting in a lawyer's office. A num
i ber cf extremely prominent politicians
| and representatives of the Ramapo
, company were present. Large blocks
i of Ramapo stock were then distrib r
I uted. and I know the names of the men j
i who sat around that table.
"Since then some of those politicians
Lhave divided their holdings with others
! whose support they wanted, and it is
| held cretty widely by both Democrats
J and Republicans. Why. Ramapo has
I got this city. bait, hook and sinker, and
) unless the people wake up- they will
j never be able to save themselves. If
i they knev the actual extent or mean-
I ing of this on v bill there would be a
riot."
Special Dispatch to The Call
Missive Is Expected to Lead to the
• Identif citon of Rich Land Bayer
Murdered in Idaho.
Former Comptroller of the Metropolis
Gives a Sensational Interview
to the Press.
Expects to Make the Race Four Yean
Hence to Head the Republican
National Ticket.
Strict Adherence to the Old-Time Re
publican Principles Urged in an
Address to the Public.
Mike Nolan and his gang, safely se
cured in San Quentin, still live in the
Is From a San Francisco
Woman and Addressed
. to J. B. Krry.
He Will Not Stand in Way
ol Renomination of
tbe President. '
Declares Policy Originated
by Blaine Is Unfair
and Pernicious;
Says a Corporation's Stock
Was Distributed Among
State Officials.
Police Searching
for Unknown
Criminal.
American Protective
Tariff League's
Protest.
Letter Found in Goat
Worn by Victim
• of Assassin.
Friend Reveals As
pirations of Ohio
uuflttiori
Bluntly Accuses'tne
Governor of New
- York.
Curious Crime Is
Committed in
Daylight.
CONSPIRACY
IS CHARGED
BY COLER
MAY SOLVE
MYSTERY OF
THE DESERT
DENOUNCES
RECIPROCITY
AS FAILURE
ROOSEVELT
THIS YEAR,
THEN HANNA
BOLD ROBBER ENTERS HOME,
WRAPS WOMAN IN CURTAIN
AMD TAKES ALL HER MONEY
VOLUME XCV— XO. 53-
-the' theateks.
/ ¦¦
Al&ttics- "2Ct». Jack."
California — "TUs ratal Wei-
Central — "A Bowery Girt."
Fischer's — "The Beauty Siou."
Orssd— "One Nitrht la. Juae."
Orphenm — Vaudeville.
Clmtes — Vaudeville.
Tivoli — **Whsn Jobaa7 Cosies
BaicMnr Hore."
Columbia — "The Decelerates."
Lyric Hal] — Bnrtca Holmw.
TEE WEATHIE.
• ' V« ¦•¦*•.
rorecast mid* at San Traa
cUco for thirty hours ending
mltoifflit, Jxsuary S3: *--
San rr&aclsco aad Tictaity —
"Cloudy rrldjiyj 'iirfct "eagerly
District Forecaster.
The San Francisco Call.People who have, jewels should re
member that it. turquoises are' wet
they are apt. to lose' color. \ Pearls
should be exposed to light and air as
much as possible, but not to damp
ness. Opals \ must • never be ? exposed
to great heat, or they may .crack and
fall; from their*, setting:. Don't forget
this when warming your, hands at the
fire 'if you^ happen, to wear. an. opal
ring.-"— Washington Stan ¦ V
Care of Jewels.
Canada still continues reluctant to
contribute her share toward the naval
defense of the British empire. Aus
tralia, however, has already the be
ginning of a navy. In return for an
annual vote of $1,000,000 England
has, supplied her with three new. sec
ond-class cruisers, which will be
manned partly, by Australians • and
New Zealanders. Nine hundred men
have been enlisted to serve in • the
British navy, but in Australian waters,
and in addition to these there has
been formed a naval reserve of twen
ty-five officers -and 700 men. — New
York Press.
Australia's Navy.
GREENSBORO. N. C, Jan. 21.— The main
dining-room, dormitory and laundry of the
State Normal College was destroyed by flre to
day. The 350 your? women students were res.
cuod. Loss; J1OO.CCO.
the "time when Sultan Haround-al-
Raschid walked his city's streets Incog
nito, but they have not now. You can
get better Turkish coffee (so called) in
New York than in Turkey; you can get
much better Turkish coffee in the Hoff
man House than you can in Stamboul,
Pera, Scutari, Smyrna, Beirut, Jerusa
lem or Cairo.
How about the luscious figs of-Smyr
na? Well, my experience was that the
nearer we got to Smyrna- the poorer
grew the figs. When we reached Beirut
they were pretty bad; when we were
off Smyrna the peddlers brought some
aboard that we're very . bad; when we
got ashore at Smyrna we were offered
some on the quay that were :. worse; in
the hotel they were wormy, and when
we got into the heark of Smyrna the
figs were able to walk around" the deal
er's counter.
I used to be very fond of Smyrna figs
before I went to Smyrna.
I have not eaten any since.
' I shall never eat any again.
Never mind why. .
In Castile I found j no castile soap.
They did not know wllat r meant; "they
had never heard of castile soap.' This
irritated me, so I be^an investigating
the castile soap problem., '
" I learned— or was told— that castile
soap is not made' in Castile.' is not sold
in Castile, is not.used In Castile; that
it .- made in Marseilles out of olive oil
imported from Palestine. Thus we note
this strange anomaly— the .name given
to a soap comes from, a country which
knows naught of thlii particular- soap ;
it Is manufactured in Ja^city-uslng little
or no - soap, out of materials "coming
from. a country whicli uses no soap at
all.— The Argonaut, v '¦- '
• What traveler has not dreamed, of
.drinking genuine curacao in the. little
island where grow the orange" groves of
_Curacao? Of sippingthe real Turkish
"coffee in Turkey? Of smoking the au
thentic Egyptian cigarettes ".n Egypt?
Of eating rich, melting, luscious Smyr
na figs in Smyrna? Of washing one's
hands with the only original castile
! soap in fair Castile?
How do these travelers' dreams mate
rialize? Alas and alack! Theyare.but
clouds and shadows. They don't come
true. r,' ' -
For In the beautiful islet in the Lee
ward Island group where, grew the.
groves of Curacao orange 'trees in the.
aforetime, there are now none' But the
world, being used to V. : flavor of the
Curacao oranges in its :acao, will
tolerate no other. So the world has
its way. The liqueur cu acao is still
made in large quantities, but it is not
a Curacao liQueur. It is made out ,of
everything — .as it is an orange liqueur,
even of oranges sometimes, but the
Amsterdam, house that handles it
largely is said to make it mostly out of
potato alcohol and prune juice.
EGYPTIAN TOBACCO BAD.
How about the delicious Egyptian
cigarettes? The delicate Egyptian to
bacco? Alas again! The native Egyp
tian tobacco is so bad that nobody
smokes it but the natives, and not even
they when they can r"* anything else.
In E^TPt, as in so many places, the to
bacco comes from somcT/here else. The
highest grade tobacco there apparently
is Imported from Europe — from Rou
melia. The next best comes from
Northern Syria — the best know:, grade
of ttils tobacco being known to Euro
peans as "Latakhia," although n - so
called in Egypt Persian tobacco is
also mported. In short, E.t'pt Imports
the tobacco, the wrappers, the boxes
and the smokers, and then you have
the Egyptian cigarette.
"But still," contends . e enthusiast,
"there can be no coffee like the genuine
Turkish coffee. Ah, think of the Arab
ian nights! And Scheher_:ade! And
Lady What's-Her-Ncme, the English
peeress who wore Tu'-^sh trousers,
lived in Turkey for years, and sipped
Turkish coffee with Turkish pashas.
And of -the bearded sheiks In the des
ert—with \ bubble-bubble pip«s— and
harems of beautiful ¦ black-eyed uourls—
all sitting on divans— and all -. sipping
coffee — with all the comforts of a-home
—out In the desert! Come, now! You
must give in on the Turkish coffee. "\.
-To this I can only reply that*. they
may have had good coffee in Turkey in
.« . ¦ • . ' - -: - . • • ¦ ¦ v * \ ¦ .: ., -\
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All
druKKlsts refund" 1 the "money lf lr fall- to cure.
K. W. Grove's signature la on each box 25c. *
To Cure a Cold In One Day.
It has been practically decided by
Canada not to fortify the two Islands
which command the entrance to Port
land channel. Military authorities
say that Port Simpson cannot be de^
fended by land: that it will fall to
the stronger fleet. For this reason it
would be a waste of money to build
forts on the islands.— New. York Com
mercial. ¦:.'*: . •
Fortlf yin_j Portland Channel.
In the south of Ireland, aer Inchi
geelPh, is the "Cats' Well," the waters
of which are supposed to exert marvel
ous remedial effects upon ailing tab
bies. ,v. "
As earl marshal and premier peer
of the realm the Duke of Norfolk will
be entitled to an escort of cavalry on
the occasion of his forthcoming wed
ding. .Thi3 is his right for all state
ceremonies and for any other occa
sion which he may desire to honor.
On his first marriage, in 1877, the
Duke claimed this privilege. His
right* to the escort of cavalry was
then examined by the Court of Claims
and formally admitted. The Duke
contented himself with this recogni
tion of his privilege and did not exer
cise it by requisitioning a squadron of
Horse Guards to escort his bride from
church. — London Dally Chronicle.
The Duke's Prerogative.
have been told about long, diffuse tele
fgraphic messages sent by women, as if.
;the feminine mind were incapable of
"expressing itself concisely. How false'
arid slanderous such an impression is
is well shown by the following incident:
A gentleman went to London on busi
ness. As he went away he said some-,
thing to his wife about buying her a'
. new dress. Just before starting home-'
ward he telegraphed to his wife:
"Which shall I bring you — a diamond
ring or a silk dress?"
! ; The reply was concise and explicit —
'one word: "Both."— London Tidbits. '
Many :, stories, mostly fabrications.
Woman Vindicated.
NEW YORK, Jan. 21.— Although It
has not been officially announced, the
proposed pugilistic -contest "between
Tom Sharkey and Jack Munroe in all
probability will be decided before the
Criterion Athletic Club. The battle
ground was to have been chosen to
day, but it was again deferred;. The
reason for this was that the Criterion
Club's bid, which was the best one,
could not be accepted because the club
did not comply with the requirement of
sending a certified check for $2000 with
the proposal. The managers of the
men "arc in communication with the
club, and the organization's match
maker says the money will be sent, if
at all, in a few days. '
In the meantime the fighters will
continue training,"because the articles
stipulate that the battle must be de
cided before March 1. It also is under
stood that one of the Philadelphia
clubs will make an offer for the en
counter. It may not be considered,
because the articles say the match
must be for more than six rounds. In
Philadelphia only six-round bouts are
permitted. However, if- the Boston
club 'does not forward the necessary
deposit the papers may be modified so
as to allow the men to have it out at
Philadelphia.
Selection of Battleground Again Post
poned Owing to Club Wltlihold- .
ing Forfeit.
BOSTON LIKELY TO GET
SHARKEY-MUNROE FIGHT
Incredible Amounts jof 3Ioney Paid
by Wealthy Men for Indulgence
' J. in Sport.
The extent (o which the letting of
moors and forests has become recog
nized as a regular source of income
to lord and laird alike in the highlands
may be judged from the increase in
the number of deer forests now annual
ly let. Twenty years ago there were
ninety recognized forests. A recent re
report from the. Crofter Commission
showed 109 of these forests. To-day
there are 150. Shootings and forests,
which let for upward of £400 or £500 a"
year may be counted by hundreds. In
the two countries of Argyll and Inver
ness alone there are a*dozen forests
whose rentals average £2000. Here the
cost a day. will work out at over £40,
exclusive of wages of attendants. The
tendency of price is constantly upward.
Captain Hey wood Lofidsdale will be in
terested to know that.Coignafearn, the
40,000 acres of which he rented last year
for £2000, was originally let by the
Mackintosh of the 30's for £30, with
£5 return as "luck penny."
The foregoing is typical of the rise in
rents which has resulted ' from ; the
eager competition for ' forests and
moors. Invershie, when it was good
enough to afford a bag of seventy-five
brace to one mun and a dog, the shoot
er, armed with only an -old flintlock,
fetched £50; now it is a four figure
shooting. George A. Cooper is paying
£5500 for his forest, £4700 to Sir G.
Macpherson-Grant for his -share, of
Glenfeshe and £800 to the Mackintosh
for his portion. M. Achilles Fould has
Invermark at £3850; William Weir,
Achanacarry for £2000; Lord Burton,
Glenquoich for £3022; Frank Bibby,
Mamore at . $2500. e For Invercauld,
£5000 for ..; the season Is asked. F.or
£3000 less Runecht is let. At about
£2000 many moors and forests are now
being used. Then, to this must be add
ed cost of traveling, £1 a week for
each of the/ gillies, £1 a week for
ponies, beaters and drivers, of whom
there may be, thirty or forty, at 4 shil
lings a day. Dogs cost from £5 to
twenty times*. that figure; guns from £7
to £70. The game shot may, with luck,
be sold for 'half its " cost per head. The
deer which has cost £50 to kill may be
sold to a dealer for its e carcass for £ 3.
Its head, if a fine one,' may realize any
thing up to £25.— St. James Gazette. I
WHAT ENGLISHMEN
TAY FOR SHOOTING
Turkey's Coffee Is Notoriously
-Bad and Castile, Soap Is
3fade Anywhere but. There
POOR TOBACCO IX EGYPT
CALCUTTA. Jan. 21. — Reports
from the British expedition to Thibet
indicate that^the Thibetans are likely
to show fight. The native priests de
clare that they will appeal to Russia
if the advance, continues.
Thibetans May Fight British.
Countries Famed for. Cerfaiii
Products Are in Reality Ab
solute Strangers to Them
SHATTERING
SOME IDOLS
One of the new comers from, the
West, who is trying hard, but has not
yet broken into Washington's exclu
sive circles, is affording no little
amusement for her neighbors in the
northwest. They are laughing yet at
.one of her recent bonmots which she
sprung during a social call. Noticing
a,' very_ handsome vase on the mantel,
she remarked: "I dearly love that
kincl of ware, and this summer while
In Chicago purchased an exact 'fac
srnile' of that vase for my home."
The little lady abhors powder, and
her comment upon an acquaintance
whose natural beauty was somewhut
heightened by a liberal application
was as follows: "I cannot understand
why women will 'rough' (rouge) their
faces in such a manner as to be no
ticed clear across the? street." — Wash
ington Star.
Washington's New Miss Malaprop.
The Cherokee and negro do not inter
marry or socially mingle. Two sem
inaries and an orphan asylum are at
tended by fullbloods and mixed bloQds
only, the colored high school by negroes
only. In the incorporated school 'dis
tricts whites and Indians attend 'the
same schools, and race prejudice, and
undue feeling on either side are being
lest in fellowship and friendship cul
tivated in the classroom and on th"
playground. Both sides are better sat
isfied in the combined schools than
they were when they were kept sep
arate. Fullbloods seem to mingle' as
freely with white renters "and their
families of good character as they do
with mixed bloods. Of the 38,500 citi
zens of the Cherokee Nation the best
statistical information gives about 8500
fuJlbloods, 3200 intermarried whites,
22.S00 mixed bloods and 4000 freedmen.—
Kansas City Journal.
In the Cherokee Nation Each Color
Dwells A_>art— Works . ' •
Satisfactorily.
The race problem in the Cherokee
Nation is solved to the general satis
faction of the three races concerned
and the intermediary mixed bloods. In
the location of homes the Cherokee
fullbloods and negroes are mostly in
settlements. The intermarried whites
largely are in towns ana territory con
tiguous to each other. The Cherokee
speaking citizens much prefer to asso
ciate together. In the Nation there are
thirty schools attended by fullblood
Cherokee children and seventeen by
negro children. The negro blood schools
are not so by legal requirement, but as
a corollary of their preference to live
near each other.
3IAY HAVE SOLVED * . . !_ V
THE RACE PRO.BLEM
SEOUL, Jan. 21. — The city is quiet
at present. Seven out of ten Minis
ters of the Korean Cabinet have re
signed and four new ones have been
appointed. A serious insurrection
is threatened in the southern prov-"
inces because of official oppression.
' Korean Ministers Resign.
San Francisco Woman Gets Verdict.
SANTA BARBARA, Jan. 21. — Mrs.
Clemence Kline of San Francisco, who
was seriously injured here last July by
being thrown from a street car, was
this evening awarded $8000 damages
from the Santa Barbara Consolidated
Railway Company. The jury was out
about four hours, the verdict being a
compromise, as the full amount asked
for was $10,580. .
WASHINGTON, Jan. 21.— The Ko
rean Minister at Washington and his
staff are guarding zealously the wherer
abouts of Prince Eui Wha, who, ac
cording to report, will replace his fath
er on the throne after the Korean Em
peror is dethroned. The Mirilster said
that the Prince's movements necessar
ily were confidential for the present.
The Prince has been, atetnding college
at Delaware, Ohio, and it is learned
from an attache of the legation that
he is expected In Washington this
month.
Korean Crown Prince In Hiding.
MELBOURNE Victoria. Jan. 21. — Lord
Northcote, appointed Governor General of Aus
tralia in succession to Lord Tenny«on. landed
at midday. He wu mft by the Federal Min
istry an<1 others, and proceeded to Parliament
House, where he was sworn In.
Reformer Is in Jail for Embezzlement.
CLINTON, Iowa. Jan. 21. — J. W.
Warr. president of the Mollne , Build
ing and Loan Association, has ; been
indicted by the Rock Island County
Grand Jury on seventeen counts. The
indictment charged that he has em
bezzled. $31, 000, although it is , said
his shortage will exceed $100,000.
Warr last spring was a candidate for
Mayor on the reform ticket. He is in
jail in default /at bond.
Mayrone had been his owner In. the
days of slavery and came upon Guesno
one day when he was whittling a pipe
and asked him why he didn't make
them to sell. The old-style corncob had
long been an institution of the South
ern negro, but not of a merchantable
article. The Interrogatory of Mayrone
set Guesno thinking, with the result
that in the fall of 1S67, at a Mechanics'
and Agricultural Association fair of the
State of Louisiana, held in New Or
leans, he exhibited a number of pipes,"
all of which had ready sale. One ob
jectionable feature was that the bowl
burned out very quickly. G^sno con
sulted a well-known chemist, with the
result that a harmless chemical com
position was applied which infinitely
prolonged the life of the corncob and
which to-day is being used in Its man
ufacture. In the days of Gueano it was
said he received as high as $25 for a
pipe which to-day can be bought for a
nickel."— Philadelphia Press.
Barring the '"I. D." clay for the
grown men and the cigarette for the
rising generation, there are few things I
so popular with the tobacco smoking
fraternity as the corncob pipe. And the
history of the corncob is interesting
telling. In its evolution from manufac
ture by hand up until to-day, that
thousands are turned out every work- I
ing hour, there are interesting epochs.
In the manufacturing district along J
the Delaware River there is a night
watchman, a colored man, who back in
the days "befo* de wa' " was a slave in
Louisiana. He was born and reared in ,
slavery. Recently he was smoking a
corncob contentedly, reflectively and
reminlscently. As he puffed he asked
the question:
"Who was the first white man to
make a corncob pipe? Do you know?"
"No."
Then the negro told this Btory: _
"It was Andrew Jackson, President of
the United States. A man by the name
of St. Armand was a soldier under
Jackson when he was major general at
New Orleans. At the time that Jack
son used bales of cotton for protecting
his army he was 'found smoking a corn
cob and said he made it himself. This
was when Colonel Thornton of the Brit
ish regulars made his attack on Jack
son."
A relative of the speaker's, Henry
Guesno. who went to New York City
about nineteen months ago, was the
first man 'to make corncob pipes for
sale: It was In 1867, when he was em
ployed by a man named Mayrone in
New Orleans.
NEW HONORS ADDED
TO "OLD HICKORY'S FAME
Manufacture of the First Corncob
Pipe Attributed to An
drew Jackson.
The Bulletin de la Societe d'Accll
matatlon, France, advocates the re
habilitation of goats. In France there
are only four goats to each person, in
Italy eight. In Germany ten. in Switz
erland fourteen, in Sweden and Nor
way eighteen, in Spain twenty-three,
in Algeria 100, and in Greece 110. In
Switzerland. America and Mexico the
number of goats has Increased of late
years. In the United States the goat
is valued not only for its milk, butter
and cheese, but its leather. The goat,
in fact, is taking the place of sheep
and cows in some countries. Among
the best breeds are the Alpine varie
ties called Saanen. Toggenbourg,
Gruyere and Schwartsshals of Switzer
land and the Zaralbe of Nubia, called
the pearl of goats, which is said to
yield four times more milk in propor
tion to the size than our best cows.
The Useful Goat.
ST. PETERSBURG, Jan. 21.— The
Foreign Office does not offer any indi
cation of when the Russian reply to
Japan will be ready. Some of the
strongest men in the empire are work
ing for a peaceful termination of the
difficulty, the main feature being a
breakdown of the negotiations, but
they are meeting with opposition on
the ground that the propositions which
are -acceptable to Japan do not pre
serve Russian pride. The Listok says
it expects the crisis to end in an un
derstanding in the form of a treaty
supplementary to the Russo-Japanese
convention regarding Korea.
Kurino, the Japanese. Minister, be
lieves that the unfortunate tone of the
foreign dispatches, including some from
New York to London, tend to create
irritation. He deprecates the attempt
c-f the Russian press to "fly the flag of
yellow peri!," and says:
"The whole history of Japan since
the. restoration shows her aim and pur
pose to take her place on the plane of
European civilization and become a
world power, politically and commer
cially. Japan Is not so narrow as to
advocate 'Asia for the Asiatics.' "
The War Minister's order to convert
twenty-seven reserve battalions into
regular troops is robbed of significance,
so far as the present situation Is con
cerned, the order having been. issued
last February.
No Indication as to When the Russian
Reply Will Be Ready.
CZAR TAKING HIS TIME.
An inquest was held this morning
and the jury returned a verdict of sui
cide and exonerated the employes at
the hospital of all blame.
Left alone in his room for a few
minutes, he hanged himself to his bed
stead with his suspenders and was
deadj before his act became known.
Van Rath was 36 years of age and a
native of Switzerland. He was com
mitted to the Napa institution from
San Francisco in 1S99.
NAPA< Jan. 21. — Mike Van Rath, a
patient at the Napa State Hospital,
after making fourteen attempts to end
his life. . was finally successful ' last
evening.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 21.— Postoffice to
be discontinued January 30:. California
— Quatal, Santa Barbara County, mail
goes to Patteway. Postmasters com
missioned: California — Mary E. Meyers,
Yuba City; Alexander. P. Dallas, Bryn
Mawr; George P. Suell, Del Monte, and
Francis M. Murphy, O*Neals. Fourth
class Postmasters appointed: Califor
nia—Jennie E. Fall, Florence, Los An
geles County, vice Marion A. Stevens,
resigned.
ALLENTOWN, Pa.. Jan. 21. — Mrs.
Catherine Bechtel, 60 years old, on trial
as an accessory after the fact of kill
ing of her daughter Mabel, to-day
went on" the witness stand. She denied
that Tom killed his sister, or that she
knew anything about the crime. '
Mrs. Bechtel said that on the Mon
day morning preceding Mabel's death,
Mabel said she was going out driving
with Weisenberger. She also told of
hearing dogs bark in the yard at mid
night on Monday. Rising, she went to
a rear window and saw a cab in the
alley. She saw two men carry some
thing into Miller's yard, next door. The
witness did not^awaken Myrtha. She
heard Tom snoring. The witness told
of finding Mabel's body Tuesday morn
ing in the areaway, under the house,
when she went to get a washing ma
chine. £*ij
Two aiKpns were placed In evidence
belonging to the witness, who ac
counted for bloodstains by saying that
in handling meats she wiped her hands
on the aprons. •
« ? » -
Changes in the Postal Service.
ANGELS CAMP, Jan. 21. — Thomas
Maltman, a native of Angels Camp,
aged 37 years, general manager of
the Sunrise gold mine in Nome, Alas
ka, was, accidentally and almost in
stantly killed by electricity at 4
o'clock to-day at the Maltman mine In
the northern part of town.
Maltman was arranging a guy wire
attached to the smokestack when It
caught and fell against an electric
wire carrying 2500 voltage.
Maltman leaves a wife and a four
year-old child, besides other relatives.
He is a brother of James Majtman,
the superintendent and general man
ager of the Maltman mines.
Special Dispatch to TJie Call
Testifies That She Saw Two
3Ien Carrying Something Into
Yard Where Body Was Found
Patient Hangs Himself From
a Bedstead in a Room, tsing
His Snspenders as the Eopc
Guy "Wire Attached to a Smoke
stack Falls and Sends Dead
ly Current Into the Man
FATAL SHOCK AT A MINE
The Daily Mail's correspondent at
Chefu cables that he is able to con-:
firm tho reports that Viceroy Alexieff
has dismissed many officials at Port
Arthur on discovery that, instead of
having on hand provisions for an army
of 200,000 men for _ two years, as had
been supposed, there were sufficient
: From Newchwang thelcorrespondent
of the Daily Mail reports that all the
British , and American employes of
Russian firms are leaving Port' Arthur
and that , the. Yokohama Specie Bank
has closed its offices in Newchwang. J
Various special correspondents re
port riots in Korea, but without giving
details.
Two Identical dispatches, originating
with William T. Stead and W. R.
Cremer, M. P., were sent to-night to
the Czar and the Mikado, urging these
potentates, if diplomacy failed, to sub
mit the Far Eastern dispute to The
Hague , tribunal. The messages ' are
lengthy,! >and they appeal especially to
the Czar as "the courageous originator
of The Hague conference," to take the
initiative in referring the matter to
The Hague. The appeals are signed
by sixty prominent English advocates
of arbitration. .Among the signers are
all the members of the labor delegation
in Parliament, Lord '^ Avebury, Lord
Hobhouse, the • Marquis of Bristol,
Frederick Harrison, George Meredith,
Sir John Gorst, Earl Gray, Rev. J. C.
Clifford. Rev. R.' J. Campbell, and
many. labor leaders* outside of Parlia
ment., '¦*'¦¦*: y. *' .- •
EXODiJS- FRO3If PORT ARTHUR.
APPEAL FOR ARBITRATION.
TEXOR OF RUSSIA'S REPLY.
Special dispatches from St. Peters
burg to" the Daily Telegraph and the
Daily Mail assert that Russia's .reply
to the latest Japanese note was drawn
up yesterday at a Ministerial council,
at which the Czar presided. The tenor
of this reply is courteous but firm, ac
cording to M. Witte, president of the
Council of Ministers. Nothing hag
been given out officially concerning
this reply, but it is understood,' ac
cording to messages from St. Peters
burg, that Russia maintains that Man
churia must remain amenable, politi
cally and strategically,' to Russian in
fluence, the concessions made being
only of a commercial character.
It is said that Japan's domestic loan
will, amount to $50,000,000 and that
her ordinary disbursements already
amount to $15,000,000.
LONDON, Jan. 22.— A statement is
published in London 'this morning,
with an air of authority, to the effect
that the question of a neutral zone has
disappeared from the Russo-Japanese
negotiations. Although it is impos
sible to confirm this statement, it
agrees with other inspired statements
that Russia has acquiesced in Japan's
views regarding the integrity of Korea
and that the only trouble now remain
ing relates to Manchuria.
"With reference to the ordinances
adopted by the Japanese Privy Coun
cil at the meeting of "January 20, this
statement explains that Russian men
of-war have had free access all along,
even to the Japanese ports of Naga
saki and Hakodate, for coaling an
other purposes; Japan therefore has
taken precautionary measures looking
to the possible necessity of putting a
stop to such visits.
Under date of Constantinople a cor
respondent of the Daily Telegraph
cables that although there is no pres
ent intention of moving the Russian
Black Sea fleet, there Is little doubt
that If the necessity arose Russia
would not wait to ask Turkey's per
mission tb make this move,' but sud
denly wquW appear at the mouth of
the Bosphorjw and be out of the Dar
danelles? within eighteen hours, know
ing: well the Turks would be unable to
resist unless backed by a strong Euro
pean fleet. * '
stores of an inferior quality for only
six months.
DENIES SON IS GUILTY
ACT COMMITTED AT NAPA
Woman Accused of Being an
Accessory to- Murder of Her
Daughter Goes on the Stand
Abandons Her Contention for a Neutral Zone and
Only the Manchurian Differences Remain Now
as an Obstacle in Way of a Peaceful Settlement
Manager of a Gold Claim in
Nome Meets Death in an
Accident fat Angels Camp
Insane Asylum 'Inmate,. Who
Tried Fourteen Times to Kill
Himself, Commits Suicide
ELECTRICITY
ENDS HIS LIFE
TELLS STRANGE
STORY TO JURY
SUCCESS ENDS
EFFORTS TO DIE
RUSSIA CONCEDES ALL DEMANDS
OF JAPAN RELATING TO KOREA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 22, 1904.
To Cure Grip In Two Days.
Laxative ' Bromo Quinine • removes ¦ the cause.
To set the genuine call for the full name; 23c •
, FLORENCE. Colo.. . Jan. ' 21.— The cyanide
mill of the . United - s States . Redaction and Re
fining-Company.-two; miles north of this city,'
w»s destroyed by;flre this morning, entailing a
loss estimated Irom $70,000 to $125,000, -
¦ DETROIT, Mich., Jan. 21.— William B.>
Marsh, for the last three year* an Inmate of
the Detroit House of Correction, where he wu
cent for robbing the malls In Idaho, died to-day
from progressive atrophy. •
2
I DOAN'S KIDNEY PILLS.
A WAY THEY HAVE"
What This Saa Francisco CltUea Says
Only Corroborates the Story
of Thousands.
The particulars related by this repre-
sentative citizen of San Francisco ar»
' similar to hundreds of others In this
, city. When there are scores of people,
all anxious to tell about the benefit re-
ceived from the use of Doan's Kidney
. P1113. the greatest skeptic in San Fran-
1 clsco must be convinced. Head the fol-
i lowing:
i Mrs. V. Powell (V.- * Powell, night
3 watchman) of 272 Harriet street, says:
1 "I know of a case of kidney • complaint.
) probably due to the ¦ contraction of a
j cold, where Down's Kidney Pills were
| used, and the treatment stopped very se-
i vere aching across the small of the back.
; ! This was some months i. ago. and since
then there has not been any indication of
a return. . I have, seen accounts In our
- newspapers in San Francisco of others
; who were just as pronounced in their es-
timation of Doan's Kidney Pills as I."
v For sale by all dealers. Price 50 cents.
Foster-Milburn Co.. Buffalo, N. T., sole
agents for the United States.
. Remember the name, Doan's, and take
¦ so substitute, . .
ADVEBTISEMEMTS.
Chas. Keilus & Co.
Exclusive
High- Grade Clothiers
No Branch Stores. No Agents.
riodels for Spring of B.
Priestley & Co.'s Genuine
Cravenette Rain=Proof
Coats Have Just Arrived.
Distinctive Patterns
Reasonably Priced.
©132 i!
K o a r n y S tr e e s t
r h u r 1 o w B lock
ADVERTISEMENTS.
j YOU WILL BE ALL
SMILES AGAIS.
i
; Forget Your Stomach and YouTl Hare
a Santa Clans Face.
HOW TO DO IT.
If there is one thing more than all
others that will give a man a forlorn
; and friendless appearance and make
,' him morbid and "cranky" and dis-
' agreeable, that thing is dyspepsia. It
I makes one forget his friends and be-
! come morose and irritable. He is bo
• wrapped up in his own misery that he
1 is inconsiderate of every one else. Re-
lieved of this terrible and depressing
i ailment, he again becomes a good fel-
: low and a man among men.
5 Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are be-
I yond question the most effective and
! popular remedy ever offered to the
i sufferers of this terrible disease. The
! thousands and thousands of cures they
i have brought about and the enormous
l Increase of their sales fully attest the
truth of this statement.
They are, above all. a natural rem-
edy. They possess exactly the same
I properties that the gastric juices and
i other digestive fluids of the stomach
| possess and they actually do the diges-
! tive work of the stomach and enable
j that organ to rest and recuperate and
; become sound and well. They act in
J a mild, natuwl manner and cause no
; disturbance in the digestive organs.
i They prevent any fermentation of the
' food, which causes sour stomach. In
fact, under their influence the sub-
ject forgets that he has a stomach
and his resulting cheerfulness presents
a great contrast to his former dejec-
j tion.
I Millions of boxes of Stuart's Dys-
j pepsia Tablets are sold annually and
they are but in .the dawn of their
popularity. Every mail brings Ietter3
of thanksgiving from grateful ones
who have been cured of "this terrible
disease. The following is one of hun-
dreds received each week:
Rev. J. R. Hoag of Wymore. Nebr..
writes: "For six years I have been
troubled with dyspepsia. Last fall I.
became very much alarmed at some
symptoms of heart trouble and came
to believe there was a sympathetic re-
lation between the two- diseases, or
rather, that the stomach trouble was
the cause of the heart disturbances. I
hit upon Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets
for a remedy and invested a dollar and
a half for three boxes, which lasted
me three months, and I can eat any
kind of food I want and have a good,
vigorous appetite. Although I am 77
year9 old. I now feel perfectly well
j and without being requested by any
one I make this statement as a com-
pliment to the virtues of Stuart's Dys-
pepsia Tablete."
• Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are fort
sale by all druggists at 50 centa a box.
Sc/ioois and Coiieges.
EB_^BCXmS^iQ9ECCSS^F^^^S3^BC^Z_PV^S3S^S^^'^S
BJH gjg ySgrLSf y| Kixa III M
jy_jj __§ w _E« 1 f ,jtP_l- £jj
LEADING BUSINESS COLLEGE 07 THE
WEST. 24 Post St.. San Francisco. Cal.
Established 40 rears. Open entlro year.
Writ* for Illustrated catalogue (free).
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Pries Lists Mails l
on Application.
PBSSH AND 8AX.T MEATS.
!K*RAYF^£C0 Shl PP»n* Butchers. 104
JAj. DUm* WJ. ci_y. xcl. Main 12»T
I ' O3X87 " ~"
LUBRICATING OrLS- LEONARD & ELLIS
41S Front »t.. 3. F. Phone Main 171D. '
FELLSiTIKQ. ~*
Lf HlIfiRFS PRINTER,
I. nUunCj, 3.1 San»og>e «t.. 9. F.
WEEKLY CALL, $1.00 PEB TSAB.
DR. KUTj-CER'S SWAMP-BOOT. -^^
ABE YOUR KIDNEYSHAK?
Thousands of Men and Women Have Kid-
ney Trouble and Never Suspect It
_________________________
To Prove What the Great Kidney Remedy, Swamp-Root,
Will Do for YOU, Every Reader of The Call May Have
a Sample Bottle Sent Absolutely Free by Mail.
It used to be considered that only urinary i^^^^^V
and bladder troubles were to be traced to :he fpll_pSlil|« '¦
kidneys, but now modern science proves that
nearly all diseases have their beginning in
the disorder of these most important organs. fllPip* '
The kidneys filter and purify the blood — |w#^
thnt is thrir work. . §111111111
Therefore, when your kidneys are weak or ir'-'ilih'
out ni order. \ou can understand how quick- fni&S
ly your entire body is affected, and how ev-
ery organ seems to fail tc do its duty. / '%%?- 'C%^\l
ff you arc sick or "feel badly." bc^in taking
the great kidney remedy, Dr. Kilmer's Swamp- ¦jd^^^^^^W^^^^^^j^
Rom, because a-; soon as your kidneys besin
to -ct honor thev will help all the other or-
£an r to health. A trial will convince any one. m
1 cheerfully recomme.d and Indorse the Great Ksfi dr. KILMER'jS P%l
Heraedy, Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Boot, for kidney - ._______, — .--_ i* Kg
trouble and bad Uver. I have used it and derived g§£«| QWflMP KflflT lH
great benefit from it. Z believe it lias cured me Hggjjs 0 II liilii "llv V 1 §2||
entirely of kidney and Uver trouble, from which raf|g _..,,___,. ,__,*,«, aa~t i!*i
I tuffercd terribly. MM Kldnojr.Uver&BJatJder |*|
Most <rratefully yours, l|$|_ "* CURE. ;* k
A. B. Beynolds, Chief of Police, U^^ directions. MM
Columbus, G(u l&wGa ».tt>m«',t«o wiv~ ¦?< *;>
... , , ...,•• •• , KofjES teaipooafab Wore or tlltr. _ SjF*
\\ eak and unhealthy kidneys are responsible Bgsss m*J«»n<!-tb«itiaM. •• m^t
for many kinds of diseases, and if permitted E^j "uy'^'^^wa'V 0 .^! §11
to continue much suffering and fatal results 8|J<8 iT^ml^ulSt Sl^inM ! H
are sure to foHow. Kidney trouble irritates Jm&% ™£tohq'\n. c * i * *"*' |§|
the nerves, makes you dizzy, restless, sleep- ||« nti^7^,. „_, <„ |||
less and irritable. Makes you pass vater often vid*y,iiv«.w_wer»«JL'!W| p||
during the day and obliges you to get up ||ig| <*• to l ""»k"i*D^-.,Mh",j |§l#;
many times during the night. Unhealthy kid- ||||| jl, 1 .^*™.^ i|||
neys cause rheumatism, gravel, catarrh of the jf§H§| Bmbt-i roJ-—., which „ t_«
bladder, pain or dull ache in the back, joints #£*j| "iT'ip^lBtiouL. *"' '$¦'%
and muscles; makes your head ache and hack )0jji& m"»«»<»i»M |p|
ache, causes indigestion, stomach and liver $0M D wV^Tm^w *
trouble, you get a sallow, yellcw complex- j^gj sold by all Druggists. y$£
ion, makes you feel as though you had heart fSgjM ' ¦ «<;p
trouble; yon may have plenty of ambition, but Ij^^^S^^^y^v^SS-^'. $& i^|^
no strength; cot wea'.and waste away. 11111111
The cr.rc for these troubles is Dr. Kilmer's
Swp.rr.ri-Ror't. the world-famous new kidnev fm&%0$ii§i:i$ " * \^*>y*!$£kaeti<t%£
remedv. In taking Swamp- Root you afford
natural help to Nature, for Swamp-Root is the
mnft perfect healer and gentle aid to the kid- <swamp-Koot i» piea»ant to take.)
npys that is known to medical science. If you are already con .
How to Find Out vinced that S wam P -Root is
If there is anv doubt in your mind as to _
your condition, "take from your urine on ris- what y° u need, you can pur-
ing about four ounces, place it in a glass or chase the regular fifty-cent
bottle and let it stand twenty-four hours. If , .
on examination it is milky or cloudy, if there and one-dollar size bottles
is a brick-dust settling, or if small particles at the drug stores every-
float about in it, vour kidnej'S are in need of , _. ,
immediate attention. where - Don 4 make an >' mis "
Swamp-Root is pleasait to take and is used take, but remember the
in the leading hospitals, recommended by c _, _, .,.,
physicians in their private practice, and is name ' Swamp-Root, Dr. Kil,
taken by doctors themselves who have kid- mer's S\vamp-J?oot, and the
ney ailments, because they recognize in it the , . „. , . T „
greatest and most successful remedy for kid- address B.nghamton, N. Y.,
ney, liver and bladder troubles. on every bottle.
EDITORIAL NOTE— -So successful is Swamp-Root in promptly cur-
ing even the most distressing cases of kidney, . liver or bladder troubles,
that to prove its wonderful merits you mas' have a sample bottle and a
book of valuable information, both sent absolutely free by mail. The
book contains many of the thousands upon thousands of testimonial let-
ters received from men and women cured. The value and success of
Swamp-Root is so well known that our readers -are advised to send for a
sample bottle. In sending your address to Dr, Kilmer & Co.. Bingham-
ton. N. Y.. be sure to say vou read this generous offer in the San Francisco
Daily Call. The proprietors of this paper' guarantee the genuineness of
this offer. S | " ' )"LOS ANGELES. J»a. Tt.— Fire to-aJx&t de
itroyeti ti« v*rticxae of Hut Lm Aa*i»ie9
Furniture Company en KeH-r street, wear
Macy- Tie loss, u far as can b* <4eternsis«d
ta-vlgbt, wta argrcxlsrate %20,&X}. partially
SEATTLE. Wash^ Jan. +l. — Ths
Interstate Red Cedar Shingle Company
to-day advanced the price of four
grides of shingles 1» cents per 10Q0 1 .
Stars are quoted now at XI 50. dears at
$1 80. Eurekas at $2 €5 and Perfectos at
$? 3>- The. less important grades, some
times referred to generally- as cttlla, are
not disturbed by the advance.
Price of Shingles Advanced.
Thomas Watson, formerly a member
cf the Sa.n Francisco Grain -Excfcans-e
and well known fr» this city, as a grain
broker, died yesterday morning In
London, England. The neirs of Ms
death was received in San Francisco
by s. private cablegram, no particulars
being- given as to ths csuse of death.
Thomas Watson Is Dead.
NEW YORK. Jan. tl. — Simon S.
Goldman, said to have been the, in
ventor of "the tucker and needle
threader in general use on sewing
machines, is dead of, heart disease at
his home here.
Inventor Die« of Heart Disease.
LONDON. Jan. 21. — The remains of
Sir Henry Keppei. admiral of the fleet,
who died January 1", were interred
at Win&field. Berkshire, to-day, with
full naval honors, a. detachment of 58*
bluejaefcets and marines forming the
escort and firing paxty. King Edward.
Queea Alexandra.- Emperor William
acd the Prince of Wales also seat spe
cial representatives and the Lords of
the Admiralty and a large contingent
of naval officers, in full uniform, at
tended. Simultaneously a memorial
service was held ax the Chape! Roya!.
St. James Palace, at which the King
and Queen and their suites were pres
: ent.
Ivinr Edward, Queen Alexandra, Em
peror William and the Prince of
Wales Send Representative*.
BODY OF SIR HENRY KEPPEL
IS INTERRED AT WIXKFIELD
Judge S. Gibbons Passes Away.
LEXINGTON. Ky. Jan. it. — Judge
S. Gibobns. ~it years old. one of the
best known attorneys in Central Ken
tucky, is dead. He^had be?n a mem
ber of the' Kentucky bar thirty-four
years.
Gratiano Dies.
OAKLAND. Jan. 2L' — Lou!* Grati
ano. nho v/as shot from ambush three
weefcs ago. died at Id o'clock to-night
at Fabiola Hospital. The wound that
eanse<i death -was in the tangs. Louis
Oreo, accused of the shooting, is tn
custody* He was arrested by Captain
of Police W. J. Petersen and Detec
tive George Kyte the night the shoot-
Ing occurred. Oreo will b*» . charged
¦with- murder. He was identified by
Gratiano and the dead man's son as
the pistol wielder.
NEW WESTMINSTER, B. C, Jan.
H.— Moved by the failures cf Sir Thom
as LlDton to lift the America's cup.
ndward Wa.Daci», a millionaire of Syd
ney. N. S. W.. who is on a visit to this
ciiy, will challenge for the trophy.
About twenty years ago he went from
Halifax to Australia. There in the gold
Celds he mads his millions, and is now
traveling for pleasure, intending to visit
many countries. Tfcs miUic-naire says
that he intends to construct a yacht
to lift the charge ionship. cup of the
yachting wcrlci from the Americans and
give it to Canada.
Has a Desire for tl»e Yacht
ing Tropbjr.
Edward Wallace of New Sooth Wales
SYDNEY MILLIONAIRE
WILL TRY Crp-UFTIXG
WASHINGTON, Jan. 21.— secretary
Moo»ly has directed that the historic
ship Constitution shall be retained at
the navy yard at Boston and from time
to time repaired so that she may be
preserved Indefinitely. The Constitu
tion rri!I be made into a naval museum,
the nucleus of which is now at the Bos
tca yard. The Secretary also has de
cided- to name the next battleship Con
stitution, in order that the name may
be preserved in the navy.
Historic Ship to Be Preserved.
Heavy Insurance Cover* Lo<«.
NEW YORK. Jan. 21. — At the of
r".:es cf the United States Ste-I Corpo
ration here it was said to-day that th?
Shelly Steel Tube Company, a con
yri:u«r:t company, whose stoekhouse
at shelby. Ohio, was destroyed by fire
last r.ig-ht. carried an. inst^ance fund
«:f 51.500,000, which will cover the
less.
ALA1IEDA. Jan. it. — Captain Wil
liam P. Noyes. a retired master mar
iner of San Francisco, dropped dead
on the schooner Monterey at Hay &
Wright's shipyards at Alameda Point
this morning. He was visiting the
crew of the vessel when stricken. His
remains T.-ere bro«sht to the local
morgue, where an inquest was held
to-nigh". Death was found to have
been caused by fatty degeneration^ of
the heart. Deceased is survived by
three sons.
Drops Dead on Schooner.
FLOREXCE Colo-. Jan. 21. — The
United Oil Company, while drilling
v-Jl No. 312 at Spindle Top Heights,
three miles south of Florence, tapped
the first lake of oil ever discovered in
Colorado. The oil was encountered ac
a. depth of 2775 feet and th<? well will
have the production capacity of any
six wells in this field. General Han
ager Wallace announced that the oil
in the new well had risen to within a
fe-cr hunrded feet of the surface and
that 300 carrels per day could easily
Subterranean OH Lake Tapped.
The complainant is Detective R. K.
Band of Meridian, Miss., who say3
that he came here at the instance of
the woman's uncle. J. M. Huskey of
Meridian, who desires to meet and
consult the woman as tocher future.
Ke says that the reported kidnaping
of the girl at Meridian was a hoax.
MOBILE. Ala.. Jan. ZL — Ethel Ro
velle. the young "woman from Merid
ian, said to be heir to several millions
of property left by an uncle, has been
arrested on the charge of being "dan
eerotis and suspicious."
Ethel Rovelle. Who Disappeared
From the Home of Relative*. Is
Arrested in Mobile.
HEIRESS TO MILLIONS
IS TAKEN INTO CUSTODY
CHICAGO. Jan. 21.— The end of the
"death trust*' is in sight, according to
Secretary Pritctirfl of the city Health
Department, who announced late to
day that -within forty-ei^ht hours the
medical profession of Chicago would
be supplied with antitoxin serum, at
a price far below that of the alleged
trust's prices. S>scretary Pritchard re
fused to disclose the source frorp.
which it is expected to secure the
Procure Antitoxin Scrum at
Moderate Price*.
City Health Depatisent Arranges to
-DEATH TKCSTT COMES
TO GRIFF IX CHICAGO
AI-AMEDA Jan. *1.— Mrs. Isabella
II. Hinchman passed away last nisht
at her home. 15sS Everett street, aged
S3 years. She was a native of New
York and the mother of II rs. W.
K. Cook. M:s3 Gertrude Hinchman.
William B. dr.d Frederick Hinchman
and foster mother of Mrs. R. W. Mas
tick, W. H. and Charles Hir.chman.
Her son. William E. Hincbtcao. is
president of the PactSc Amateur Ath
letic Association and a prominent pro
moter of soorts. Mr?. Hinchrnan was
a. member cf the AdelphJasi Club, the
Poetical Club and the Alameda Tea
Club. i?he was a woman, of genial
personality and innate kindness and
was ever vrelcotrie at social gather
ins?- Her funeral will be held < to
morrow afternoon at 2 o'clock from
the family residence. Interment will
b<» Drivate in Mountain View Ceme
tery.
WELL KNOWN
WOMAN DIES
IN ALAMEDA
Sr*ci*: rtrratci -3 The <"VT
AUSTIN, Tex.. Jar. f.L— The Llano
1 "::. 100 miles ncrth cf here, which 1
lias for many years attracted the i
greatest interest among minerals gists j
ussa reoloslsts, is new pronoTinced by|
«?xf erts. who hav» bien mikir^ an in
vestigation cf the minerals found there,
to have vast quantities cf yttrium
•artn. ccntaining radio activities- It is
asserted by scientists that this earth
will produce a greater quantity of ra
dium than is to be found in any of the
kno-r.-r. deposits of this character in the
world.
While searching- for these radio ac
tivities a mineral known as fluorspar
"-as focad. It is of jrrcat color and
possesses the remarkable peculiarity
3-c heretofore Lawn of this mineral
of gi-rin^ <_-ff mellow but penetrating
mys of lirht artdeb (03 an ordinary
,room at night.
Experfesenti are being: raade in the
cse at this rureral in the manufacture
cf for electric li^ht globes.
with the sreaiest success. It increases
the lighting power cf the globes ntary
Z i.
Peculiar Property of the Mine
ral 10 Be V<ed in Manu
facture of Electric Globes
FLUORSPAR SHEDS LIGHT
. ¦ »
Extvn=ive Deposit* Are Dis
covered by Expert Mineralo
gists in the Llano District
RADIUM FOUND
IN TEXAS SOIL
"The act stands out as that of a
brava and fearless man: as the act of a
man trho is neither rash nor impetu
ous. He did the right thing at the right
time — the thing which will insure the
building cf the canal; which has been
Icrg delayed.
Platt «aid that our rights on the
isthmus were superior to those of any
treaty. He said President Rouse celt
had the saire constitutional right to
send shirks to and land marines at
Panama to protect American interests
ar-i American lives and property as
President McKrciey had to send troops
to Peking for the relief of the Ameri
can legation.
Speaking of the President's recogni
tion cf the new republic. Platt said:
One thins about the President. saM
Platt. -v^as that the people believed him
honest: that be was a man who did
v. hat he believed to be right.
"It is easy." he said, '"to make
charges and to talk in an excited way.
We want specifications, and It Is time
for Senators who talk of acts of war
and cf intervention to tell xis what an
act cf war is, and what act of the
President in this case amounts to war
cr intervention. It is acts of which we
are speaking, and we are not concerned
with what the President thinks or
T;ar.ts."
During the morning ilorgan spoke in
explanation cf his bill for the annex
ation cf Panama to the L'nited States,
basing his armament on the ground
that the rending canal treaty contem
plated that result-
Morgan spoke of the difficulties rrhich
the country had encountered in Pana
ma, saying that they are not of the
country's seeking, but were due to the
precipitancy cf the President of the
United States. It was. however, im
possible to undo what had been done.
In order to get rid of the consequences
c' our act we must make, he said, some
equitable arrangements with Panama.
If. he argued, we were to build a canal
in RrnaEi. we .must have the gooi will
cf Colombia.
Platt defended the President against
the charges of committing an act of.
var. cr even an act of intervention.
denying that his acts in connection
with the Panama revolt amounted to
either.
WASKINGTON. Jan. 2L — Senator
Platt cf Connecticut concluded his
speech en Panama, to-day. He defend
ed the course of the President through
cut the Panama revolt and eulogixed
the executive personally as brave and
fearless.
The Postal Committee's report, waici
was adopted, approved the p!aa f>
provide small Government notes wita
spaces for making, an indorsement
thereon, such notes when indorsed and
with a pestag? stamp afSxed and duly
canceled, to be payable at any post
eSce on presentation by the payee.
does win/* interjected Palmer of Penn
sylvania, "We have a straight flesh."*
"Well." rejoined Williams, *"I do net
know wh=.t a 'straight Cush* is. bet
you have not got as much cf a fu?>.
as you are said to have. Thisss are
not »o> C.\i3h as they were a while
back."
A resolution was adopted urging
Congress to provide some other method
than is provided in the bills cow pend
ing before Congress far the proper
protection of this country from usSe
sirable imnsigraticn.
WASHINGTON. Jan. *L— Th? Na
tional Board of Trade to-day adopted
resolutions declaring that "the timber
a=J stone act. the desert land act and
the commutation clause of the home
stead act should h*; forthwith repealeri
and in future ail agricultural and irri
gable land reserved exclusively for
actual settlers under the homestead
.ict. and that In future the Gorencsect
should reserve the title to forest lands.
selling only the stirmpase of niatsrecS
timber; also that the forestry worSt cf
the Government should be consolidated
in the Bureau of Forestry of the De
partment of Agriculture; that the
great irriratica works necessary to
save from waste and utilise for irriga
tion the waters of our large Western -
rivers 3hould be built as rapidly as the
lands ¦will be taken and utilised by
farmers in farms of 15*> acres or less in
area and the entire ccst of construction
repaid to the Government through 1
charge Imposed oa the lands re
claimed."
Under its provisions the Secretary of
the Treasury is authorized to acquire
a strip of submerged land between
Portuguese Channel and the main
channel in San Diego bar 700 feet wide.
located to the north of the present
quarantine station, for the purpose of
constructing wharves, detention build-
Ings, eic. c-n piling, for use as a quar
antine station, and that all the land
now occusied at San Diego as a quar
antine sta'tion be transferred to toe
Navy Department for use as a coaling
station or other naval purposes upon
th? completion of the quarantine sta
tion.
Senator Perkins, with Representative
Daniels, visited the surgeon general and
Army and Navy departments a few
days ago and succeeded in securing
their consent to the removal of the
quarantine station, for which work the
appropriation named will be requested.
The bill will be favorably reported at
(.•nee.
CALL. BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, I
N. W.. Jan. n. — Senator Perkins to- j
day introduced a bill providing- for the }
creation of a new judicial district in !
California by tfce division of the North- [
em District. Alameda. Contra Costa. »
San JoaQuin. Sacramento, Stanislaus,
Calaveras, Alpine, Tuolunme and Mono
counties are to constitute and be known
as the Eastern. Division of the North
ern District and all the residue of the •
Northern District is to constitute the j
Western Division of the Northern Dis- I
trict. The Circuit Court sitting at San ;
Franciscc may assign any action to be
tried at Oakland. Sacramento cr Eu
reka.
This bill is almost identical with that !
introduced by Gtllett In the House a j
few days aso. and in the case cf its 1
passage by the Senate -will receive th- '
support of the California delegation in j
that body, where three bills for the re- !
lief of the Federal Court are pending, j
The Senate bill has been " forwarded ;
for submission, to- the San Francisco j
Bar Association and If no amendments i
are suggested will- be urged to pas- |
sage.
Senator Perkins' bill, introduced yes- I
terday. providing for an appropriation [
of C0OJB00 for tha removal of the quar- j
antine station at San Diego to a new ;
site on Government land at the same \
p!ace. and to make room for a coaling •
station to be built* there, provision for;
whhrh has been made, is the result cf |
the withdrawal cf the opposition to the j
removal on the part of the heads ef J
the Treasury Departraent. vrhich has j
delayed the building of the coaling sta- ,
tion.
Special Dispatch to Tt« Call
Committee Berommends Novel
Scheme for~the Transmission
of 3Ioner Orders bv Mail
Alabama Senator for First
Time Admits That Panama
Canal Will Be Constructed
Copy of Proposed. Law Is For
warded to San Francisco Bar
Association for Consideration
SAYS THE DIE IS CAST I
L'ARIFF THEME COMES UP
WASHINGTON. Jan. Zl.— The Senate
Committee on Philippines gave a hear
ing to-day on Senator Frye's bill ex
tending the coastwise trade of the
United States to the Philippines, so all
commerce between the islands and ths
United States shall be carried by Amer-
A. P. Loriiie, president of the
Plymouth Cordage Company of Plym
outh, Mass.. said American vessels
should be given the business between
the United States and the Philippine
Islands as soon as the vessels are pre
pared to take care of It. He asked that
the time the bill takes effect be ex
tended to April 11. 1903. wh^gn the Span
ish ships will lose their right, under
the treaty with Spain, to engage in the
Philippine trude on a par with Ameri
can ships. He thought by that time
the" competition between American
vessels would be sufficient to carry on
the trade without resulting in a mate
rial advance in freight rates. He said
he was willing the bill should pass if
it did not result in an increase of more
than ?5 per c»zt over the present
'freight rates.
It was brought out that the Eastern
cordage manufacturers fear the pas
sage of the bill would build up the
twine manufacturing industry on the
coast and wreck Eastern industries. It
also developed that the present freight
rates on Manila hemp amount to about
4<5 cents per hundred pounds, and it
was estimated by manufacturers that
the freight rates, fcy the passage of the
bill, would be advanced fully Jl per 1QQ
pounds. Und»r these conditions, they
represented, the trzde In hemp would
return to London, where tt centered
prior to the opening of Philippine
port*.
WILLING TO SIGN CONTRACTS.
Loring and Edwin Metealf of Au
burn. N. Y.. president of the Columbian
Rope Company, both declared that they
did not believe there were enough
American vessels plying between At
lantic Coast ports and the Philippines
to take care of the cordage business."
G. F. Holmes, treasurer and general
manager of the Plymouth Cordage
Company, explained the exportation of
binding twtne and declared the duty on
importations does not in any way as
sist the manufacturers, as they export
to Che only countries that could in any
way enter into competition with them.
The Plymouth and Columbian Cord-
-It was only a few days ago/" he
continued, "that the Great I An of the
Republican party delivered a speech
tn which he said. 'We hold the ace."
New. I had a private and confidential
conversation with a gentleman cf this
House* th!s Eorulns and he told ine
he did net know a single game cf cards
in which the ace wtas."
Til tell you what we have got that
WiUIams read from the testimony be
fore the House Committee on Inves
tigation of the last Congress of the coal
Question to show that coal cost 57 cents
less a ton during the year than before
the tariff was rep^aled.
Payne of New York asserted that the
price of cca! was not less to the con
sumer during this perirxJ. Williams
combated this statement, and asked
Payne why his oarty did not "stand
pat*" for free coal. He declared it was
impossible to find out what the Re
publican party was "standing pat" on.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 21.— The army
appropriation bill was under consid
eration In committee of the whole to
day, for five hours, most of which was
devoted to a general disctaston of the
tariff Question. Hull of Iowa, chair
inan of the Committee en Military Af
fairs, explained the provisions of the
army bin. and < Parker (R.) of New
Jersey and Prince (R.) of Illinois paid
a tribute to the army as now organ-
Williams, the mincrirv leader, taking
th2 phrase "Stand pat"' for his text.
- a general arraignment of Re
publican policies and declared that the
Republican party had become one cf
negation. Repivisg to a question by
TVatson of Indiana, he said the tariff
should be revised. If he had the power
he would bring about a Democratic
tariff, but ft would take time. The
oniy opposition to the army- bill was
made by Baker (D.> cf New York, who
said he was opposed to war. .
Minority Leader In
dal^s in General Arraign
ment of Bepublican Policies
Senator Culberson asked what re
straint there wou!d be on American
vessels if tht3 law was passed and a
monopoly created.
Sewall of ilaine thought the com
petition -between American vessels and
American vessels operated in connec
tion with trans-American railroads
would prevent e.xcessfve rates under
any rjcsslh!e American shipping mo
nopoly.
James Jerome and Ed^ar F. Luckec
bach of New York spoke of the num
ber of vessels available for the busi
ness, declaring that American vessels
were lyins Sdle bee^use cf inability to
compete with foreign ships. George
5. Dearborn, president of the Ameri
can-Hawaiian Steamship Company.
said his vessels were ready for either
th« Atlantic or the Pacific business.
Henry W. Peabody of Boston said
that the bill manaced the existins com
merce of the Atlantic coast.
The cost of operating foreign vessels
was so much less than operating Amer
ican vessels that he believed It would
be necessary to pay a bounty to Ameri
can vessels engaged in the Philippine
trade.
Winthrop T. ilarvin of Boston, rep
resenting the combined shipping inter
ests, said there were enough American
ships to transact the Philippine busi
ness. He said thp French subsidy wa3
responsible for the low ratj made by
French vessels between Hawaii and
Sac Francisco.
Seoater Lodge announced that tae
shipping interests would be heard next.
SVaen the committee reconvened Bul-
Htt of Philadelphia said the shipping
between the United States and the
Philippines was now confined almost ex
clusively to tramp steamers.
ase companies, through their represen
tatives, told the committee they would
agree to enter Into contracts -srith
American shipping companies to pay
19 per cent increase ovsr the present
freight rates paid to foreign shippers
for 1OT.00O tons of -•\r?n;T--». hemp per
year. The Plymouth Company repre
sentatives said that would be a. con
tribution cf Jl^COO a year from their
company alore as a subsidy to Ameri
can shins. Recess.
SHIPPING INTERESTS HEARD.
POSTAL NOTES FAVORED
DELEGATION IS UNITED
Explains His Bill for the Ae-|
quisition of Panama Terri- 1
tory by the United States i
Senator Perkins Introduces a
jleasare Authorizing Division
of Northern Jndieial District
WinthropT. Marvin of Boston Appears Before the u
r rr
Senate Committee to Urge a Favorable Report j
on Frye Js Bill to Extend Our Coastwise Trade! j
r , ; —rrr, , ;.
MeniDers Pay Tribute to the
worth of the Nation's Pres
ent mit- *tablishmeDt
National Board of Trade Urges
the Prompt Repeal of the
Timber and Stone Act
MORGAN TALKS
ON ANNEXATION
BILL PROVIDES
FOR NEW COURT
WOULD CHECK
LAND FRAUDS
SAYS AMERICAN SHIPS ARE ABLE
TO HANDLE PHILIPPINE BUSINESS
HOUSE DEBATES
ARMY MEASURES
THE SAi" FRANCISCO CAUL, FRIDAY. JANUARY 22 T 1904.
3
OVERCOAT SALE
Don't Shiver and Shake
An Overcoat
is what you need these chilly days to
keep you warm. Special lines reduced
for this sale now going on. Sale closes
Jsnuarv >o .*. .>:.: .-.
Old Price. New Price
' 1C ™ trice.
Siqxjo OVERCOATS $ g # 5Q
$12.50 OVERCOATS $ 9,75
$15.00 OVERCOATS 51 2.00
$2000 OVERCOATS -..$16.00
U% I ° VERCO Vrs $2 1 .00
$30.00 OVERCOATS $25.00
C The coat is here that you need.
roos bros7
KEARNY AT POST
DB. SH00P*S BE3IEDIES.
Know How To Get Well
Scad Sa Massj. S: = : N Ask Ftr By bO.
l«« <rf kt darc-er^— tew ts treat, cct the ctzsss
"•ysae I«na. feet the aitr» tt the as-jie mm ifeat j
r 7erase Ctea. Lear* e£ arr c£er-« bws'i ense:
Bt er nsJL
Not free &tati-"eut. iciad toc. *& imfV^f r»w 1©
S*T- Sidir. cier »>xd reJi;-e the £r-r*~i- mba
Bade r_
I *-»¦»• at ¦ sick «ne'« lajtiasrii'— hia ga&ade.
» *«t s he a h«!r»?d h* wCl pay tSe cost n* nry uum-.j:
— t=e t'aiS. U ho I tadL I »i* tx* one pesrr. Bat
aihrr a telisr-.. Cv«r one ax s=k cse% fea*e iecrpt-
ea this efi«r. 4
"Seai BX'rrtKT BaTre. ' • !i— .-;-w.->.i:m-4
I *as aea- jr« xa Set fca hai* u becrjes
Or. Shoop's Ezstamnt.
, Tais it a — —r-ih a; try rai- H it ucjmlx. !>«sTA "
t C5«s bBtfs.$a» U Tt faia tse drsfx^s will fct^^c 1
jc out cf ta a ti? pa«t h*»« jaid Set the nedxrx.
"" ocin ¦ .- 1- ¦' car a it • 1 <¦¦- Fafget far a uuuwit -.-it
tiss 13 a pt Mtd a=ncc-.cr=>e=t. Cccsaier sx as a
rwfuran m ynor ow- u«a aad that I asn u>il> »
iwnt — ~Be«-ib— oe well: bens ei Ct« a-» dar*- "I
caa he^. A=c jo scr- as« I th»t I ai* co tee — aoti:=c
— TrtrdTW an teseit-d.' Wocjd yen — <rxM aay
*?t* — ne*ase l
Tree. I ftT*" wll cee» ts too- Bet yea art ejee
to tse— -ty 'terser. Oa teiInea2»Vxr;yo«r oae. I
*a»3 ac t3» 9 crvrTxg «or wuh cflke hocrs. E»«rT
*»i:m*-t a <r?srtr-». I rnr. prrtabiy. a thecsac
¦I—. • — • — -• - ---.c j-- tr— i- . .-«rc— i Aad !;<.ia
S>is abcaeance ct ujt/taa I aa»e aarard. For ex.
p« 1 xzn.t — s«ott ttaa iZ eise — teaches a pcysadaa bew
t»csre.
»'i!i yea «rie j=e txi»y' I :'« nataat ta <ieiy. To
5et k€ trtan «y ra <bj. Te wa. jersapa wiea yw»
»ferwidict. Btitwt^ IjBtnrycier ersad eaccxS.'
<Ja too— can acyc«e— ansre a tu-er c£-r? Yea nak
« S3cSb*> sodrsa-. ! r-jsk all. Yet I aa» reaey aatj
wiliax tefee^: yi« WItymaa.* * by wrcrtT ycwneJf
tr can. scag a itJ' ri prrajcice. pertapr
Take G3 a pec— « F<=cil rrr=— aad wr-.te cf a
*-<iay. k. — ¦» sew £cw to frt « - . .
S£=:;Iy ttx'-t wfclda Bocit 1 ea Ziyr^z^i*-
Kv- k .,^ _„. ..« Boc«.2c= tie Hear-
E<rx SC3C, R±a-e. Bocfc 5 *or =«: • seaJedj
31ild c&sea. =<-t chr^sic. irt often cur«ti ifizh.
*=g er :¦»-] bctrlf*. At .iru^riTta.
There :s Savor as well a..
. strength in mustard : strcngti
is not ail: and strength is no-
the fine part. Schilling's Bes:
has the Savor. Our Mustard
Compound, reduced to be readv
for use, has the proper flavor.
Your grocer's; moneyback.
; ADVERTISEMENTS.
Suits LlkeThisfor $8- 65 |
These suits are stylish and seasonable especially reduced
from S12.)0.
Our 1903 stock sold out so evenly that we found scarcely any broken
assortments for our customary January sale. *
We reduced these new suits so as to have a special lot of values for
the dull month of January.
* The soods are fancy cheviots in such shades as golden brown, olive
green and black; also a few blue serges at the same price — $8.65.
Our remaining stock of Tourist overcoats — those long 50-inch coats
with belts in back— which were formerly S10. have also "been reduced
to $8.65.
Regardless of the low price, garments purchased at this sale will
bear our usual guarantee. Repairing," sponging and pressing will be done
free of charge.
Buyjnow while the assortment is complete:
Mail orders CJ^ \1 \ A [/\£\ &\ *c* jT^\ ln orderin 2
filled- \3y^r %^( LP O jjrjffif \) h y mail ad -
write to-day * _ T *_ '¦ r " dress Dept. L
-1 740 Market Street » >WASHINGTON*. Jan. 21.— Word has been re
ceived at the Navy Department of the arrival
at Olonirapo. ir. s-.-.hie Bar. of Rear Admiral
Evans' battleship squadron, consisting of tha
Kentucky. "Wisconsin and Oregon.
PARIS. Jan. 21. — The Senate to-day rejected
the bill for the conipu!sory aholition of em
ployment ?s;encieg. with compensation, in tpite
of the support it received from the Minister of
Commerce.
Women constitute nearly 30 per cent
of all college students in the really im
portant colleges of the country, and
women graduates of these institutions
in the United States, both co-educa
tional and women's colleges, number
about 20,000.
WINONA. llinn.. Jan. 21. — The executive
committ^o of the National Kducational Asso
ciation ha* changed the date of the annual
convention In St. I»uis from July o to June
20 ro as to avoid conflicting with the national
Democratic convention.
Wealthy Dairyman Commits Suicide.
BALLARD,- Jan. 21. — Jean Save, a
\ealthy dairyman of Buell Flat, com
mitted suicide by cutting his throat
early this morning. He was a native
of France and was about 62 years old.
Despondency over weather conditions,
a drought and the lack of food for
stock are supposed to have been the
cause. vAv /
Oregon Supreme Court Dismisses the
Final Appeal in the Celebrated
Case of Armstrong.
SALEM. Or., Jan. 21.— The Supreme
Court to-day handed down a decision
in the matter of the appeal of Arm
strong, the condemned murderer, sen
tenced to be hanged to-morrow a.t
Baker City. Armstrong asked for a
stay of execution to permit furth»r
legal steps in his behalf. The court
dismissed the appeal. Further legal
steps can hardly be inaugurated before
Armstrong is hanged to-morrow.
MURDERER HAS LOST v
ALL CHANCE FOR LIFE
EXPRESS COMPANY OFFI
CIAL WHO WAS ON THE
ROBBED TRAIN.
Dies From Injury in Collision.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 21.— Hugh G.
Miller of 924 Macy street, who was in
jured in the collision between a Salt
Lake train and a Brooklyn-avenue
streetcar on December 20, is dead at
the Emergency Hospital here as the
result of blood poisoning, following
the injuries he received in the wreck.
TOM ALES. Jan. 21. — The rear
coach of the southbound train from
Cazadero. on the North Shore road
was derailed at about 2:30 o'clock
this afternoon near Ochre station.
The rest of the train remained on the
tracks.
Four passengers were injured, none
of them seriously. They are Harry
Wood of Cazadero, C. M. Didding of
Pasadena, Mrs. A. Powell of Cazadero
and C. E. Field of Ross station. ' Con
ductor Murray and two passengers
were thrown through a windSw of a
car. The injured persons were at
tended by*Dr. Forest of Occidental.
The accident was caused by the re
cent rains having undermined . the
roadbed.
Accident to a Train on the
North Shore Line in 3farin
County Causes .Some Injuries
S A NT A B A RI3 AR A, Ja n. ¦ 2 1 . — Pres
ident Payne of the State Game Pro
tective Association and a committee
appointed by liim met here to-day and
decided on sections of the Pine Moun
tain and Zaca forest reserve to be
used for game refuges. A recom
mendation was sent to the Depart
ment of the Interior.
Refuge for Game Is Selected
COACH JUMPS
FROM TRACK
vision of Wells-Fargo & Co. The in
formation received from the conductor
of the train as it sped on its way north
was very brief and misleading in that
it inferred that the through treasure
box as well as the local box in the
messenger's car had been captured by
the thieves. - .
Before, the "Limited" had arrived
here Detectives Thacker and White of
the express company, and Peter Lewin,
a Southern Pacific officer, had started
south to the scene of the robbery,
where they were instructed to join with
the authorities of that section of the
road in a hunt for the criminal. The
railroad company and the express com
pany were meanwhile telegraphing or
ders south to officers there to tonic
north and join the pursuing party. It
was after 10 o'clock in the morning be
fore the officials at this end of the
Southern Pacific Company began to t ?
coive anything like a detailed account
of the affair, and not until after the
"Limited" had arrived and the expr-^
company's messenger. Timothy Sulli
van, made his report of the affair.
MESSENGER SULLIVAN'S STORY.
According to his story, he had occa
sion to enter the baggage-car just as
the train was pulling out of Sun Luis
Obispo.
"Wlicn I returned to the. express car
later, ' he taid, "I noticed the cold con
dition of the car, and. glancing around,
I was surprised to find that the fide
door, which had been barred when we
entered San Luis Obispo, was partly
open. It suddenly flashed through my
mind that some one had been in the
oar during my absence and my v.-orst
Mclntoch criticized Captain Roberts'
actions severely, and said Roberts knew
many places where .the Clallam could
have been beached, even without" her
engines, if he had used seamanship and
the sails of the Clallam were properly
equipped. He and another witness gave
instances of lifeboats and equipment
having been borrowed by local steam
ers for the purpose of passing inspec
tion. ,
Captain Collister, inspector of hulls,
testified to his inspection of the steam
er. He said she was well constructed
and properly equipped.
VICTORIA, B. C, Jan. 21.— Captain
Mclntoch, a boatman who had charge
of the lifeboat of the Clallam which
was wrecked with the body of Miss
Harris in it, gave testimony before the
Coroner's inquest to-day that the boat
was not properly equipped. If it had
been it should have lived after being
lowered. The cap of the plug was not
attached and the boat had filled
through the plug hole and swamped.
Unattached rowlocks and other arti
cles found showed that she had not
capsized.
Sailor in Charge of One of
the Clallam's Boats Criti
cizes Action of the Captain
FIXES BLAME
ON A SKIPPER
SAN JOSE, Jan. 21.— Superintendent
Wilder of the Southern Pacific coait
line was in San Jose to-day. In an in
terview he stated he had been informed
that the Wells-Fargo safe had -been
stolen from the northbound coast line
limited early this morning. He said
that the train was not stopped, accord
ing to his advices, but that the robbers
had managed to enter the car and
throw the safe off. It was not missed
until some little time after.
Detectives from San Francisco passed
through San Jose at 9:20 this morning,
bound for the sc^ne of the robbery.
Official In Control of Coast Line
Learns of Robbery.
SUPERINTENDENT ADVISED.
"It appears that the messengers on
the 'Limited' of late hnva frequently
had to perform the service of baggage
man in addition to their own duties,
and this extra labor has demanded
their presence in both cars at different
times. The hobos became aware of this
fact and no dobut appreciated the op
portunity offered them to get into the
express car while the messenger was
absent in the adjoining one. It is oftr
theory that they have been lying
around San Luis Obispo for several
days watching their chanced Wednes
.day night they saw Sullivan enter the
baggage car as the train started up and
they quickly boarded the express car
by the forward platform. Then they
waited until the train had got well
under way and proceeded to force the
car door. Perhaps only one man did
the trick, but generally two work to
gether. Once inside the car they ex
perienced little difficulty in opening the
side door, which is always bolted from
the inside, and grabbing what they
Messenger Sullivan's theory of the
robbery is shared by the detectives of
the express and the railroad company.
It is thought that it was committed by
tramps, with which that part of the
Southern Pacific Company is at present
Infested. Of late hobos have been get
ting on the iron beams of freight box
cars in that part of the State. After
the trains get in motion they swing out
on to the side of the cars, where they
smash the seals and the locks, and
then, with the aid of an Iron bar, they
gradually work the door open until one
of -^the men is able to crawl up into the
car. He then assists a partner to join
him. Once in the car the hobos pick
out whatever freight they consider val
uable to them and throw it out of the
door. When they have got enough
they wait until the, train starts up a
grade and quietly alight and go back
after their plunder.
It is believed by the railroad detec
tives and the officials of both the ex
press company and the railroad that
the hobos that have been robbing the
freight trains are implicated in the
robbery of the baggage, car of the
"Limited." In fact, the theory is
borne out by the finding later of the
looted treasure box near the track.
"We have been having a lot of trou
ble with these hobos down in Southern
California lately," said one of the de
tectives of the Southeri/- Pacific Com
pany yesterday, '"and there Is little
doubt that two or more of them had
planned this affair, expecting, of
course, to get the through box, which
generally is rich with wealth. It is
very probable that these fellows had
been watching a chance to get into the
express' car of the •Limited' for some
time and their opportunity came Wed
nesday night.
GET BOX AND ESCAPE:
TRAMPS ARE SUSPECTED.
"The safe, which contained, about
$400, weighed about 200 pounds. There
were some papers in the safe, b,ut they
could be of no value to any person.
I am sure that the safe was on the ex
press car after we left San Luis
Obispo, as I had occasion to go to
it to place some valuables in it. As
soon as I saw that the chain which
acts as a guard to the door, was out
of place I looked round and was thun
derstruck to find the safe missing. I
have been -with the Wells-Fargo Ex
press Company fifteen years and this
is my first experience, as also my first
loss.'-' • .
fears were realized when I saw that
my small express box was missing. It
was evident that a robbery had bee u
committed, and I hurried to the for
ward, part of the car, where th-s «loor
was also partly open. The battero'l
lock and the splintered door sill readily
suggested the way the robber had
gained an entrance to the car.
"Hastening back to the rear cars. I
summoned the conductor and told him
of the robbery and he prepared a tele
gram, which was filed at the next stop
and sent forward to the southbound
train. Later we reported the affair
briefly to the officials at this end of the
line."
i Strangely, few of the passengers on.
the Limited, among whom were Carle
ton Crane, local agent of the Xew
York Central road, and William B.
Jerome, general Western passenger
agent of the same company, knew of
the robbery until the train was ap
proaching this city yesterday morn
ing. When it occurred they were all
asleep and there being no stop or gen
eral disturbance they dreamed silent
ly on until the morning.
There was considerable satisfaction
evinced by the express company's of
ficials in this city when they learned
that the local box instead of the
through box had been taken by the
robbers. The former simply contained
money and orders sent from Los An
geles, while the "through" box usually
contains a large amount of treasure
shipped from the New Orleans end o*
the line. T.he box which the robbers
neglected to take Wednesday night is
reported to have contained many
thousand dollars and valuables that
could have been easily converted into
coin by the robbers.
Captain Crowley, head of the South
ern Pacific detective bureau, left for
the south on last evening's train and
will supervise the investigation of the
robbery at San Luis Obispo in so far
as it concerns the railroad company
anfl will, of course, co-operate with
Detective Thacker of the express com
pany in plans to capture the offend
ers.
DETECTIVES ON THE SCENE.
"That the robber or robbers boarded
the train at San Luis Obispo is also
suggested in the message received here
to-day that two mail pouches were
found Just this side of San Luis Obispo
at a point known as Hathaway avenue-
It is but a few minutes*. run to there
and it is an opinion accepted by the
officials of the company that the rob
bers'threw out these sacks under some
previous understanding -with their pals
that the mail would be picked up.**
The rifled express box, according to
the information received by the rail
road officials, was found by a pursu
ing party near Thyle station, which is
thirteen miles north of San Luis Obis
po. One message stated that it had
apparently been broken open with
some Iron instrument. Another stated
that a large number of express and
railroad money orders., the latter re
mittances to the Southern Pacific
Company, were found lying on the
ground near the broken box and that
in the latter was discovered a dia
mond, which may have been wrenched
from the setting of a ring worn by
the robber or more probably escaped
from an express package.
The first reports from the scene of
the robbery to the effect that the rob
bers had got away with $80,000 were
emphatically denied by the express
company's officials, who claim that
the most the local box contained in
cash and currency was a sum less
than 1700. The express orders and
remittance taga of the railroad com
pany called for sums aggregating
about % 15.0 00. They were, however,
of no value to any one. for an at
tempt to cash them would result in
immediate arrest. At the same time
the express authorities admit that it
is not the custom to make public the
losses by robbery, for it is believed
that publicity often encourages others
to commit similar crimes.
LOSSES ARE EXAGGERATED.
supposed was the richer treasure box.
they threw it out of the car. A few
miles north of San Luis Obispo the
train encounters a grade and the speed
naturally slackens, which gave them a
chance to escape from the car and re
turn to the place where the box was
thrown out.
One of his subordinates stated that
the value of the booty secured by the
thieves will not exceed $1500, and that
estimate includes articles which cannot
be disposed of at their full value by the
robbers. What the big through safes,
which were sealed at New Orleans,
contain is not known to any of the
company's officials along the line, and
it is in them that the reaUy large
amounts are always carried if there be
ar>y large sums on the train.
Information received by the Los An
geles officers is t« the effect that the
condition of the rifir-d sa fe when found
indicated that it had been blown open
with nitro-clyeerine in a manner simi
lar to that adopted by bank robbers,
and this leads to the belief that the
same class of crooks who robbed the
Sawtelle bank a week ago may have
been implicated in the Job, because it
The Jurisdiction of the Los Angeles
office dots not extend bfcyond Santa
Barbara, and up to that point the of
ficials here know just what was in the
safe. It was asserted positively thi?
evening by Assistant Superintendent
William Pridham that the value of the
treasure secured by the robl>ers was
not large; that it was not worth taking
the chance to secure and he positively
denied the rumor that upward of
$50,009 was contained in the strong
box.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 21. — The Los
Angeles officials of Wells. Fargo & Co.
have been informed that it was the
safe locked here and containing . the
Los Angroles remittances to San Fran
cisco that was thrown off a northbound
train north of San Luis Obispo this
morning, and was also used by the
messenger as a waysafe in which were
placed suoh packages as he picked up
en rout*.
Two pouches of mail were found near
the track a mile north of this city
which it is believed the hobos stole
from the depot while the pouch mail
was being transferred from the regular
mail car which stops here and returns
to Los Angelas on No. 1
BOOTY IS NOT LARGE.
The local officers -were out early and
worked hard all day cm every clew
that could be found between Paso Ro
bles and San Luis Obippo. It is be
lieved that most or all of the guilty
persons are under arrest. The work
appears to be that of some former rail
road man in connection with a gang
Of tramcs. A man came to San Luis
Obispo early yesterday morning and
his actions caused suspicion. At 3
o'clock he was arrested when attempt
ing to board a train for Guadalupe.
He would not give his name or any
information concerning himself, but
was identifled by a band of hobos as
having purchased a hat from one of
them. The officers found the robber's
hat near the place where the robbery
was committed. The man arrested
bought a new hat in San Luis Obispo
and tried to sell and then to give away
the hat obtained from the hobos.
The safe was opened by an explo
sive at Cuesta. Section tools were
found near the safe. This showed that
the burglar who dumped out the safe
had accomplices. Several hobo? are
under arrest and it is believed they
are guilty.
SAX LUIS OBISPO, Jan. 2L— The
most daring robbery ever accomplished
in this part of the State was reported
jn this city at 1 o'clock yesterday morn
ins. The Wells-Fargo way eafe on
express train No. 9 had been tumbled
out at the mouth of tunnel No. 1 at
the summit of the Cuesta grade and
smashed, it is believed by the robber
and a number of accomplices. The box
contained only a few hundred dollars.
The deed was accomplished while the
train was In motion and Express Mes
senger Sullivan was in the baggage car,
of which he also has charge. Sullivan
did not miss the safe until he was at
or near Paso Robles, from which sta
tion he notified the head officials and
the San Luis Obispo office.
ARRESTS ARE MADE.
ls known that they left this city for the
north.
The first news of the robbery of the
"Limited" reached the railroad officials
In this city at an early hour yesterday
morning and was promptly conveyed
to the officials of the southwestern di-
Crime Committed at Night Near San Luis Obispo
and the Rifled Treasure Box Is Found
Near a Tunnel.
While the Sleuths of the Railroad and Express Companies Are Hurrying to
the Scene of the Robbery, Messenger Sullivan Arrives and Makes
His Report to the Locai Officials.
ROBBERS TOSS A COIN-LADEN SAFE FROM THE DOOR OF A COAST LINE RAILROAD TRAIN,
DESTROY THE BOX WITH NITRO-GLYCERINE AND CARRY AWAY THE HEAVY BURDEN OF MONEY
THE SAN FRANCISCO., -CALL... FRIDAY,- JANUARY 22. 1904.
4
2 • . ' _^ COTTOLENE. . . '
Most pastry is just a mixture of fat, flour and eggs. Nobody is. afraid of either good eggs or flour
The whole trouble is in the fat. Pure butter is expensive and scarce. Hog lard is plentiful and
cheap. Hog lard is the horror of delicate stomachs. Cottplene is wholesome and economical. The use
of Cottolerie is perfectly simple. The result is simply perfect.
- FREE! Send usa two-cent stamp to pay postage and we'U mail you a copy of our book, " Home Helps," edited by Mrs. Rorer, which contains 300 choice recipes from the country's noted cooka. >
'*'"' : Made only by THEM K.M- WALSEXBURG, Colo.. Jan. 21.—
Three coal miners in the :Rouse mine,
ten miles from "Walsenburg, -were
killed at 1 o'clock this morning and
two others were . badly injured by
eighty empty. coal cars running: wild
down the' incline tunnel of the work
ings. The dead:
JOH.VXOGLE/ •
RICHARD XOGL.E.
-JOHX KIS.
-The accident occurred 100 feet from
the mouth of the tunnel, and the mine
officials and Coroner Hunt of Huer
fano County say. no one was to blame
but thej men themselves. The men
had no business on ", the track at 7 that
point,- as there, was ; forty feet "of space'
on one side of the rails.'
COLORADO COAJL MIXERS
ARE KILLED IX A \ TUXXEL.
Cribbing at Sandhurst.
Three cadets have been dismissed
from Sandhurst, the English military
school, because they were caught
cheating at examinations. In the trial
of the boys it was revealed that the
rtudents' code of honor did not dis
approve of the practice. Crihbins
was quite legitimate so long as it did
no harm to any other cadet. — Xew
York Commercial Advertiser.
There are' 49.000 coffee plantations
in the world. The total annual pro
duction of coffee amounts to 21,500,
000 bags, of an average weight of 134
pounds each, or 2,881,000,000 pounds.
This production represents a total val
ue of more than $255,000,000 annual
ly, from more than 1,500.000.000
coffee trees in full bearing. The land
used exceeds 3,600,000 acres. The
value of the property is more than
$1,350,000,000. The industry - gives
employment to 2,220,000 men. women
and children. — Xew York Commer
cial.
The World's Coffee Suppljsf
A lady bought a Richmond range from
a Market-street store for J3S. She could
have bought It at Pattosien's for $27.50.
She burnt her money. •
Burnt Her Money.
When Berlin Chauvinists happen to j
be in a mood to say unpleasant things I
to France a favorite taunt is the non- j
progressi\-eness of French colonies in |
industrial development. Our neighbors I
might easily, if they desired, recipro- !
cate in that sort of pin-pricking. Dur- j
ing recent years Germany has erected ;
what were intended to becomejgreat |
reservoirs for the surplus population of
the Fatherland on a most liberal scale. I
There is East Africa; what loud vaunt- j
ing there used to be at Berlin about the }
splendid railway from the coast to the t
lakes, which -was to forestall the Brit
ish line from Mombasa. Where is that j
grand work? Where, too, are the mul- \
titudes of German colonists who were j
so certain to flock to East •Africa? As t
a fact, German merchandise has to!
make use of the Mombasa line to get!
to the lakes, while the predicted deluge
of immijrrants has dwindled to micro
scopic proprotions. The huge slice of
territory acquired by the Kaiser in |
Southwest Africa is even more leth- 1
argic. More than half of the sparse [
white population has trekked from I
Cape Colony by way of experiment, but
in spite of this infiltration the colony
from which so much was expected
makes no progress. It Is the same In
German New Guinea, whose learned
Governor can find no better employ
ment for his administrative genius than
in trying, to force the natives to drop
t'ie use of "pidgin English."— London
Globe.
German Colonization.
MARION, Ind., Jan. 21. — Three per
sons were burned to death, two were
fatally hurt and ten were badly in
jured in a gas explosion that wrecked
the Seitz Hotel here early to-day. The
dead: •
CHARLES BEITEL, proprietor of
the hotel, and wife.
JAMES DEVLIN, proprietor of the
cafe.
Fatally injured: Edward Gaskill and
L. H. Hobis, oil well contractors. . '.
Seriously injured: 1 Thomas. Twi^gv
Randall Biddle. John DIcherty, John
Schott, Miss Carrie ; Pang. Orville
Beitel, Harry Beitel, William East,
Frank Gaskill, Miss Pearl Gaskill.
The seriously injured were guests of
the hotel, which was situated three
miles from- the center of the. city.
Natural gas. is said. to. have 'escaped
from a pipe line that passed near. the
building; the basement being filled and
¦when the rooms on the first floor be
gan to fill with "the gas it.was'igfaited
by the lighted; jets. There were thirty
guests at the hotel, all of whom were
asleep.
The outer" walls of the building/ a
two-story brick, were blown out, , the
second - floor falling in on the first-
The guests 'were under the wreckage,
which Ignited at once, and rescuers
had great difficulty, in removing them.
The gas ' could - not be shut off and
added to the fury of the fire. The
bodies of -Mr. and Mrs. Beitel were
seen through the flames and wreckage
for an hour before they could be re
covered. ->mfi
Hotel Is Wrecked by Force of
the Concussion and Sleeping:
Guests Are Buried in Debris
GAS EXPLODES
KILLING THREE
About eighteen months ago there was
organized in this vicinity the Farmers*
Relief Association, modeled somewhat
along the lines of trades unions, and
embodying features, still alive, of those ,
farmers' organizations that 'Tose in a ;
night to vanish with the sun." The
central idea, of the organization was to
perfect a more perfect home, although
not invading any of its sacred preroga
tives. Its founder. James H. English,
held that It in each school district the
families could be brought closer in
touch, the society of the district har
monized, welded and made congenial,
that the problem would solve itself.
The society has had a wonderful
growth. Seven counties in the section
are " now organized. - Throughout the
Central West Inquiries come to the na
tional officers for a better knowledge
of its workins3. , There is no politics
whatever countenanced In it.
.In the Wagoner school district, only
a few miles south of this city, Is a
practical illustration, and there are
many ; such over, the -section of the re
markable hold which 1 the new plan has
upon * the communal life of the people.
There is a local lodge of the order, in
whfch all residents are entitled to
membership. An executive committee, :
of which the teacher is chairman, gov
erns the social life of the community.
All -parties, entertainments and social
gatherings are arranged, always with
a purpose in view, and no one is barred
from the gatherings.^ Both old and
young are members of the committee.
A comrilete system: of school district
telephone is In working order, the
"hello sirI"< i >J>eins in this case an eld
lady who has no other duties to per
form. The system costs less than $5 a
year per .family for its operation. The
service Is excellent, and at night the
ypung'men and young ladies pass
many a pleasant, hour in exchanging
courtesies and perhaps arranging for a
new home at Yuletide. It is surprising
to* note 'the uses for which the tele
phone" is called into play.: Perhaps the
hogs have broken. out or the cow wan
dered away, and the romp of miles is
displaced by the telephone. Borrowing
among the people is arranged by
phone. The sending of produce to mar
ket i3 : also "a part of its service.* and
when his produce gets into market 'the
sale Is • consummated by the merchant
at .one 'end and the farmer at the other,
1 for the rural system has a line connect-
A movement has been started among
the fanners in this vicinity which is
doing a remarkable work in solving
the problem of keeping the boys upon
the farm.- Xot only is one of the great
domestic problems, which has puzzled
sociologists for several years, being
practically solved, but many minor
questions receiving intelligent exam
ination.
to Solve Old and Hard
Problem.
New Organization Formed in Illinois
KEEPING THE BOYS
OX THE FARM
A loving cup of old English Jack
wood, once owned by Bishop Asbury*s
mother and frequently used as a sac
ramental cup by John Wesley when
he administered the sacrament to the
little band of Methodists at ths As
bury home, has just been, given to
the Wesleyan University. Middleto-sm.
Conn.
"For unmitigated nerve." sai I the
stage manager of a musical comedy
now playing at one of the local the
aters, '•commend me to the Philadel
phia chorus girl. While -we were re
hearsing in Xew York I undertook to
take a girl from the chorus and gire
her a small part, carrying with it a
couple of lines. Somehow or other
Khe couldn't seem to enunciate the
words understanding^-. Her elocu
tion was the worst ever. I works.!
with her for several daj-s. and finally
1 lost patience. I rnust also have lost
my temper, for she burst Into tears.
'It must be due to my Southern ac
cent,* she wailed. Now I ana a South
erner myself — I was raised in Vir
ginia — and although I had not pre
viously detected any accent in her tallc
my sympathies were at once aroused.
.'My dear child.* I said, consolingly,
'what part of the South are you
from ?" "From — from Philadelphia,*
she sobbed." — Philadelphia Record.
Chorus Girl From "tlie Soutl*."*
There is no other order in the world,
strictly co-operative as it is. that is
doing so great a. work in retaining the
great underlying principle of Amer
ica's greatness— the perpetuation of
the farm— as this one is doing, despite
its youth.— St. Louis Globe-Democrat.
for the World's Fair and hopes to ex
tend its usefulness to all rural commu
nities.
ing with the city system. In fact, in
the "Wagoner school district the farmer
may talk with St. Louis. Chicago or
even Xew York. Of course, the rural
mail carrier plays a distinct part in the
community. His coming is eagerly
watched, more especially for the city
daily, which gives the new3 of the day.
and while the young man or girl is
busy with her lover, a member of a
neighboring family, the parents -"are
busy reading the news. In "this district
the rule is that all produce must be
sold for cash and all goods paid for in
cash, no credit being asked. A cash
basi3 governs.
A study of the system brings out the
fact that it creates a liking for rural
life. Much amusement, there being a
string band and unusually fine orches
tra in the district, satisfies the young
element. The home is more perfectly
systematized by being brought into
closer touch with others. Discord
among the . farmers grows less. The
unionizing of the farmers with a close
band strengthens all. Each district is
connected with Its neighbors by phone.
Plans are being matured for cold
storage plants, sweet potato houses,
small ice factories and other modern
conveniences, all owned and operated
by the school district. The land of the
district- is rough, - although productive.
The fanning class does not go above
the average in mental ability. The
moral tone has greatly improved. The
use of Intoxicants has grown less,
while the -religious influence has en
larged proportional to the pushing out
of the bad. ¦ Of • course, the Home
League;, the woman's auxiliary of the
relief association, which encourages
visiting and a better knowledge o£ do
mestic science,' has played an . impor
tant part. The association will prepare
an exhibit showing changed conditions
"WASHINGTON. Jan. 21. — Accord
ing to a cabled report to the State De
partment from United States Minister
Finch at Montevideo the revolution
ary disturbances in Uruguay are
much more serious than has been sup
posed here. The Jlinister cables un
der date of the 20th as follows: '
"There have been three battles, all
won by the Government, the last one
being on the ISth. The total number
of k'lied and wounded was about 500.
The Government forces were estimat
ed at 28.000 and the rebels at 7000 to
S000. The opinion here is that the
insurrection will be. suppressed in a
month unless aided by near neigh
bors. The press and telegraph cen
sorship continues, also martial law."
United States 3Iinister Finch
Cables That the Berolution
There Is Becoming 1 Serious
MORE FIGHTING
IN URUGUAY
Rus<ja 5 Great Railroad Uuilder
- In the eisht years that Prince
Khilkoff. the Czars Minister of Rail
roads, has held his present position
almost thirteen, thousand miles of rail
road have been constructed — more
than or.e-third of the railway mileage
of the Russian Empire. To him is
due the construction of the Siberian
railway. Prince KhilkofE studied rail
road building in the United States and
frith an American contractor in South
America. He started out by carrying
a surveyor's chain, and worked his
¦way upward until he -was superinten
dent. The daily roatin* of hard work
ui the United States, he says, has been
the basis of his Russian achieve-
KEOKUK, la., Jan. 21. — A repetition
of last summer's flood seems probable.
A gorge has formed at the mouth o£
the Des Moines River and the water
backed up miles of lowlands in the
Missouri and Iowa bottoms. The Fox
River has overflowed its banks. Indian
Grave levee, two miles south of hero
on the" Mississippi, and Lima Lake
levee broke to-dayv causing heavy
losses to farmers having land in wheat.
The ice still holds In the Mississippi,
but the water has risen two feet in
twenty-four hours.
MEMPHIS, Tenn., Jan. 21.— Sever*
rains and electrical storms prevailed
last night and yesterday throughout
Central and Southern and Southwest
ern States, crippling telegraphic service
and swelling streams beyond their
banks. At midnight the storm was
central over the Mississippi Valley.
Telegraph wires to that territory are
interrupted and it is feared other dam
age has occurred.
Reports from Texas say that winds
assuming proportions of a tornado
swept from the mountain ranges to the
west. At Austin the new women's
buildincr at (he Texas University was
unroofed, causing several thousand dol
lars* loss. Much damage was done to
outhouses, fencing and forestry. No
one is reported injured.
HAMILTON. Ohio. Jan. 21.— The
Miami Jliver left its banks to-day and
Is rising rapidly.
The water inundated the tracks of
the Cincinnati, Dayton and Toledo
Traction Company in two places and
through service from Cincinnati to
Dayton has been abandoned.
The Cincinnati, Hamilton and Dayton
Railroad depot at Xorth Hamilton was
cut off and abandoned.
PANDUSKY, Ohio. Jan. 21.— During
the day an ice gorge formed in Mills
Creek and a bridge of the BSg Four
was carried away. The gorge did much
damage. It was blown out with dyna
mite.
Farm Lands in Iowa Are In
undated, Causing 1 Heavy Loss
to the Owners of Wheat Fields
CHICAGO. Jan- 21.— The Iro<;uois
<7'*Jb. to ¦which prominent Chicago
Democrats belong, is preparing to
boom General Nelson A. Miles for the
Presidential nomination on the Dem
ocratic u<jk|t. A committee of the
ciub has been authorized to arrange
for a banquet soon, at which Genera!
LI:!es will make the principal address
and be hailed as a bona Ude candidate
for the Presidener- General Miles has
beea invire*! to at»er:<i and his ac
cepted. The date of the bar.quet has
not Deen announced, out it ¦win De in
the near future. The Iroquois Club
is one of the leading Democratic or
pnnizations of the TVest.
»
Ivansx* Democrats Oppo«e Fusion
TOPEKA, Kans., Jan. 21. — The
Democratic State Committee met here
to-r.i?rht and called a State conven
tion to meet at Wichita April 7. No
itternpt was made to-night to indorse
my Presidential candidate. The pre
railin?? sentlna^nt ¦was against fusion
tv-ith the PoDulists.
FORMER HEAD OF THE TTNITED STATES ARMT. WHOM CHICAGO
DEMOCRATS WILL PUT FORTH AS A CANDIDATE FOR THE
PRESIDENTIAL NOMINATION.
RISING RIVERS
BURST LEVEES
Wright declared that all his actions
vrere legitimate and had been ap
proved by the board of directors, who
had also approved of "window dress
ing" tlfe balance sheets, which prac
tice, the defendant asserted, prevailed
in the city irr connection with all com
panies and banlfs whose business it
was to make the best possible showing
at the end of the financial year. All
the assets credited in the balance
sheet to the London and Globe, he
added, were bona fide, with the excep
tion of 52.500.000, which rightfully be
longed to the Standard Company.
From beginning to end, Wright, as
serted, there had been no fraud or
concealment on his part. The trial
was adjourned.
LONDON. Jan- 2 1. — Whi taker Wright,
the promoter, on trial on the charge
of fraud, left the witness box to-day
after two days* cross-examination,
during which the Judge was promi
nent as well as prosecuting counsel.
The latter designated as lies several
of Wright's statements regarding va
rious amounts, some as large as
$2,500,000, appearing on the credit
side of thcLondon and Globe Corpora
tion's balance sheets, but the defend
ant contended that they were merely
"slips of the tongue." Wright con
cluded by declaring that the failure
of the British-America Company was
caused by the malice of a group o f
members of the London Stock Ex
change, who depreciated the London
and Globe shares. Wright added that
he was left with $2,000,000 worth of
these share?. He estimated that his
loss in Lakeviews was from 51.000,000
to 51.500,000 and said he had mort
gaged his property and sold his house
In Park lane in order to save John
Flower and other brokers, who were
engaged in sustaining the ' operations.
Declares That London Stock
Brokers Caused Collapse of
British - America Company
FAILURE DUE TO MALICE
Accused Promoter Concludes
His Testimony and Asserts
¦ That His Acts Were Legal
Democratic Organization Will Formally Launch the
Veteran's Candidacy at a Banquet Where He
Will Be the Guest and Principal Speaker
WRIGHT DENIES
FRAUD CHARGE
CHICAGO IROQUOIS CLUB BOOMS
GENERAL MILES FOR PRESIDENT
THE SAX FRAXCJSCO C\LU -FRIDAY. JANUARY. '22. 1904.
5
FREE TO
WANT ADVEETISEBS
NEXT SUNDAY'S GALL.
De Witt's Guide to San Fran-
cisco. Street Car Ones, Hotels,
Boarding. Rooming and Apart-
ment Houses, etc., etc., together
with an up-to-date indexed
map of the city.
BRING YOUR WANT ADS
TO T11E CALL.
ADVXSXISEMEirrS.
Skin Diseases
Ecsena, Salt Rheum. Phuples,
Rin^ttorm, Itch, Ivy Poison. Acne
or ether skin troubles, can be
promptly cured by
Hydrorons is endorsed by leading
physicians. It is absolutely harm-
less, yet most pouenul heaiing
agent. Hydrozone destroys para-
sites which cause these diseases-
Take no substitute and see that
every bottle bears my signature.
TrlaJ Size. 25 Cents.
At Dr-c££ists or by mail, from
'"¦'¦ • cifri of Ci.r «.<•, seat free.
Pleurisy
Pneumonia I
Consumption
Positively cured with" Dr. Hal-
prancr's Wonderful Medicine,
cr ycur money returned. Price,
50c. and $1.00 per bottle. For
sale by all dealers and at office
<jf Halpruner Medical Mfg. Co.,
23 California St., S. F., sent by
mail or express. People cured
free of charge from 1 to 4 p. m.
G\ 1 3 ft E AcusBsitlca. Hurticc *=*
8 B IB* V Spcrtlc* C!oo<Js. L*rre»l
B m Q IIU neck L^wrst pr.ces. £esi
UWI\) W fcHRF.'E i BAr.nER CO..
-J* Uzrket «t. *a4 SZi
Kearcr «.
1A7. T. HESS.
JToter7 Futlis 8S.A Attoraex-at-Uiw.
Testh riocr, R'».wi 1915. CUtts Pprtckda Wdr.
Tt>rb^ce Main 3S3.
Retidrr.<v. »>11 <"aI;fiTnia *U. b*l<r» Po««II.
fiesideace Telepbcae Ja=3ea 1501.
miSi i^l I home can be completely
WW V illxiil ta PPy them, yet the
ordeal through which the ex«
l^I'^&PSlH^/frX P^ 211^ mother mnst pass usually is
I &^ so u^ °^ suffering, danger and fear
I \ Ma id! that she looks forward to the critical
hour with apprehension and dread.
Motherfs FrieRd,"'by its penetrating and soothing properties,
allays nausea, nervousness, and all unpleasant feelings, and
so prepares the -system for the
have ; testified and said, "it is
worth its weight in gold." $z.oo per /£%
bottle of drng^ists. Book containing f-j U " g| ff^ i g g »:|
valuable information mailed free. fl B S%^SB\S
THE BSADHELD KGOATOK CO.. AttartA. 6*.
| THE EHPOBrrJBt | THE EMPORIUM { THE EMFOBrGH | THE EMPOSXTJlt^.
!£ To Immediately Close Winter Millinery— Final Guts |
{$• Ladies' Trimmed Hats, originally *4.50 to now - .* $2.65 | Misses' and Ladies' Ready-to-Wear Hats up to $1.50, nov£. . . -50c 5
: J Ladies'. Trimmed Hats, originally <7.00 to $12.00, now. . . $3.95 j Ladies' and Misses' Ready-to-Wear Hats. $1.50 to ?4,50, now $1.00 ~x
[5 — — — j '-¦ t _ , |j
it : Sale Of Hose Doubl - P rctccticn f° r this s!ore ' s patrons. Umbrellas, $1.63-82^18 ¦?
* *«.-#./ 9 •* ,Z ' '"¦ - L"- : Nothing higher priced here ihan else-. Sample Una Worth Up To 56. OO |
* Children's, 14c; Women's, 23C where; in most instates /ess, aadjrou We bough: a uniple Hn= of cmbreEa handles 2»
i 500 pairs only Children's nssvr.ribbed Maco ateays have our money-back guarantee. a: baif price acd had them pot on good umbrcn«. J
I £• cotton hose, double knee, extra spliced -her". A»y *il!i» fj^ These umbrellas are oa special sale to-div only. *
Ik* and toe. warramed fas: black; instcidcfz^c yy^ J*7* ~~f £.'* ' Let 1— Men'i or wjiaea't siie\ Uawa affcta b2k, bat
;* a pair, Friday only ..... .- . . f41f* £? £/t}f / Mf r^f^Y' M M M &ff frwsr, beautifal morr-i ba&d!«; worth «
% . • C»ErM£ &*^L- -/* £&*!*-/%*' b& / && / * ft np:o<3.co &M.O& 5
X 200 pairs omy Women's black lace lisle hose, largest- / JJ €^* cJ> Lot ,-Urf, or ««b»-. ««. «rJc a bk co^ s b«t >C
! & > in assorted patterns; a 50c va'ur; the qaan- < ,. —^B^^B^^^^^^^^^ " xt ' ka " i5or=I k^adlc^ -Aorta c? :» o >f o «
I'tT try i» to ?mili w: wL : I cJg;? thrm cs: lo-ciy; ?iir.2QC ~*^^&&^^^^^^^AMZRICA'O GRANDEST STORG J6.00; ts-ii? crJv §Jt*.*f<$ \~%
J — . : . " ' '. . — r- — I — : ¦ : $
\i Do you need Muslinwear? If so, buy now. |
1$ ¦ ' Only during The Emporium's big sale can you get these qualities at such low prices: J
;£ Corset Covers Drawers Chemises - Gowns Skirts %
|«f Good Crmbric Corse: Cov- Ombric Drawers, vrith Aluslin Ch°mis a Muslin GoWflS. V- Cambric Sldxa.widi torchsa •*
jV «", square neck, uirnm:d umbrella hemsdtched roffl: eYrpltenfr Sil'flHrv shape neck, tscked and* em- insenion and lace edging, also «
IJ, with torchon lace and inscr- and cluster of tucks, partial- eAv-ciiciit i^uduiy . y O^ e . a great Tilue embroidery trimmed, the 5
\h* tion.and ribbon *%*%^ l*rly well made gar- °« material, Square f t he sa!- p'ice *+*% prettiest yon erer #%#>^* *
\i beading, each ., MOC ments, cq: fn!l rs:z: neck, embroidery £Zf% G czc h . . . . . OOC saw at the price +J€fG $
J Other styles, iSc, 42c, 6Sc, Other styles, 14c, 38c, -fSc, """"med, each . **OCr- Other styles at jSc, 98c, Other skylts at $1.18, $1.38* \
% jjc to pSc. ?Sc,' pSc Other styles, 6Sc,gSe, $1.38, etc. fr.i3, $1.38, $1.68, JJ.iS. $1.58, $i.6& up to $3.85. '^
I Best Black Dress $2.50 Shoes $1.85 Men's Shirts 45c |
1 1 We Ever Soid for Choice of Three New Styles Bodnnff bosom «ad goif aira, made of ex. i
{ ?* tL.*' 1 mm. m -•¦¦¦ - A \^k^ JTV»— . Tmmm-m. n M .. A t" qualhy isiped Madras; each garment per- 'Z
*! The Price ° ° Oa y S fealy en: and fit equal to custom mids; rega- |
'J fc S^? SZtt W This u 1 shoe chance • to bejamped Iarly 75c ind J1.00 each; ro-day ind Satcr- {
iv w& 8 QlSb «P *LB v^i /,» a:. Th;r: sre less than aoo pairs in tb; dav on ! - /LKt+ *
?¦ -V , , ... / «Jr A|S -ot, 10 jump qnict. Tccy are strict.y _ __^__ __ _ «____^_____«____^ ~ x
*" .^^^N * WO ''-,, . r 7 ,:* 5 * 00 mOZ l ¦" Ifi /'IB up to da:= (jus: in from factory) and M* n '<£ $12 5H nnti £1* fin 3
* -^i'ffi* you will readly agree when (£*&Qk bffl r L. ; n ,;, ,: T ; t jr j ,1, w ;j.^ t J Men S 3>t*£.OU ana 3>lO.UU %
k' J'il' : ~*e r TT tPaSSt jt»x>^ com: in a;i nzcs ana ail widths. 4 M^ _ -_ %
!v fit II A W » ' u t^ !.• • **« Style No. I is a Womsn'i \ ici Kid Bhehsr, UTf&MlrUC&ZZ* *p%Mm*J%J 5
• *** ' ' Inc^' w::n =^ or: train, s:dr '^^ i-oSJ lra ' her "?'» e x --=- io = k! *». «n£t*ry he?:*. The Overcoat sale con- i^*\ *
' V *-§V&f^k P' Ca:s ' P a "-' 'rent. The Eton \firaf \^K 5t >'* for 2-Awomca'i haniicrn; V:ci K. r i tinues Vvith Unabated Jgjggg*
• *»' jackee is lined throughout wi:h y£s Lac= Shoe, widi dn3 kid top, new opera tars, Egbt Tho-» -ir» fr^ *Tf X
'f " "W\ \\ h=avv uilor satin lining, b a W wc i 5 h: k^, pten: Ica^r d r < h^f Cuban h,-J. sac^ess These are the C^ j
Jt ft, \\\ Dret'V ibid- of vav Thf- Stjie Nou-3i*aWomea'« Vici Kii Shoe, with a new maaakh Short lots Ot SOmeor Xy\w *
» /] j\ * . . T ¦ • • toe, pateat Isather dpi, extension «oIm ani mltary heels. iu p H P<r < 1 > i-i) u S^ZS r\ -
» /! L \ enure scit is ceatlv mmmea * y , . . , . • - _^ lIie Deit >i^.3U ana tu H&r Ze \ X
V /' r y'\ ¦' S . -j AU »r»hs are a food £:. ?o worth ct is«doct i rf%<£f ¥** < i - c\C\ /~\,.^, --.,*- *u^ ? h^rif / ) -*
* §i / \\ with novelty braid; an* l4t th^ bartabu in towi « L- $1 bB5 $15 -°° Overcoats that >|Vfij / %
t ilfflm \ V a, the picture show, h is diy'f and Saturday's tseriil price *T wefe shown in The $[ /Zf\ 5
I JW\ \\\ -S, U ;Si^J:— — • * Emporiun, this season. %1^fd |
W i V Wz0mM Ret§ Automobile Bags If \ I
i Wmm§ : $18.5O About Half Price gggi^fg | . . |
i* rVisu/ Wvln <?^V/<: <S? <**.£& Q? We bars benght from an ep-anlase Eastea . . . . ¦ and rare Values at • . #7 *
\X NOW OiylO aKiriS ViJ*%tO-9*fm&O l n ± a g0O dj factory a ray complrte uaasls Ens / 1 ill I '
;JC Lhci^j' and m:ss=i' lengths," fancy mixtures and of R:i Automobile Bin !i th- n:s strls aw (j I 4** *ffl £?i^B i ' J IT
!** mannish efftc: materiab,ia the very latest »h»P« for th; coming m»b, ani will plac= & & . %P*jfm%*1lJ (U i \ %
ti * .... , . , j . . , :brsi on social sal: lo-Da\' aid Suiurdiy fgtr.iirr, . >,, -yf.'Jf, - ' »i n \ *
J design,, so:id co:or., bloc, b-own »dU.ck, s , 1 teur n A.«%^.: WM%*'Wk Broken lines -of Men's B K \ 5
I '¦ K***1UM S16.50 t ? J20.0O Over. M_^__^
'J ' 5j.ee o^ $1.75 'i- z^^^^ 2 - 75 W^^MpMWi coats also included in if' \f -x
[*' f*fasfa ISSI&ZZ &1 2Q S*-s°**fSL5O }3oaBa 3 » $f.85^^^MM^ this sale at . • • • • Aj Zi I
| Sale Bathroom Fixtures FlaniJl 3<al* l l
fc Hnsa lined, with pockets invde; 3 iU«— IJ, 13 and Handsome NlcUd'Platcd Goods * *€MMMIBC7t &tAM*2 jj
J. i4inch;tesalar:TSi.50,Si.65aii*Si.85^ # ' 9O FcPnIct-1 Ei*dS To-MOPTCW NIgM t
t* each; choice ot any slxs, to-day <m: y . . &1 m^ZJ JT n f] \ Towel BaxS— '«-»•«-»- OatinJ F|inotb-Ti»: »Uc>, w.v-a .ju.^ty for oni=r- $
¦ h mmmmmmmm.mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm^m^mmmm^mmmmmm «i»^ If I plated SCrCWI, tO-dzj O3!v K.'ir, rjght J3-.TT^, «= ; a la! 131 ¦t^ll' O* d-- «V *<
I Groceries and Liquors gfej J J •.^fec^.ag, W^S^^L,;^^?S I
l« 76-Day and Saturday 0___J 1; a fe? I8 ' lacil 75C >1Z= • ***° ™ d **". etc - «'•; •«* j«W«f im?rrf«:: -J
!* 'Cereal Coff*«;f«'the two da»«, package . . . 20C $L50 Bath Sprayj-With 5 feet of hot: »nl fcxb . . .-. . . 98O W =!S" wt -* m J'* «°|W ' a ' s3 .«f?f», «D «i»rabl= for ,J
I $ Emmthal Sv»iss Chetst-For two dars, pound. . .2QO Sponjc Basktts-Kind thown in picture, to bend orc tab . . . 75O '^J , ""* " '^ "^ - vsri • '• ' 12° J
i If- Cocoanat— B«t ihredied. pound . ./4o $2.00 Shower Rins» and Sprays— To r« en iao U yrr » h«i xrSL "ench Mawwls-Ia »nd cafe* t»a anj tascr worea •*
I V YeHowsione Whifky— Rye cr Bambon, botde . $1.OS not get wet, complete with hree to aruch to faucet. .. . $f.49 »tnct.T aU woe!; mu^d or 53c a O^?^» M
* 75c Wines -Port or SherW, gaQon . ..'... . 58 O Bathtub Soap Dbhei . . ... . - - . 7SO yard, dTirnjg ta « wfe «99Cr X
j *£ Reisling or Sautcrnc — Gallon.. . . . 63 O Nkkel-plated Tumb'er HoMsr -35C YibltO FlaXtXtel% — DesL-.b'e a;-ilcm »d »ht !?ia- \
,'f boarbon V«hijky-O'«i G'-obr, ga'Ioa $2.10 SzxstA broken lea h'lrh-graie Bath Trjasucgi at OftO' a:Is it thn: «fe pr cm: 55c : .rd »-dc k:ni, 37c; ]f
I* 1 Vermoa!h- French or Itilun, bctde S2o quarter Off regular prices, to d3*r. 4-c 32-iach tai, 32c; ;o; 27-inca knd, 24c %
%i - ¦ XKing Menelik has . bought a , mint to
be set up at Addis Ababa. The : ¦ ma
chines will have ft. -caravan journey of
more than a month. {.It 13 said that
110,230 pounds of . : silver ' bullion : have
been -gathered into -. the Abyssinian
treasury. ' . ¦
BERKELEY. Jan. 21.— The Busy Bees'
Whist Cltfb held: their last meeting- at ' the
home of. Mr. and Mrs. XV. H. 'Wharff of 2000
Delaware street. The first prize was won by
H. A. Brewer. The house was handsomely
decorated and refreshments were served after
the tournament.
: The Hillside Mother*' Club has arranged for
a Mother Goo»e entertainment, the object be
ing to pay , for the piano - recently purchased
OAKLAND, Jan. 21. — John D. Gar
fleld died la&t night at his residence,
1805 Thirteenth avenue, from fracture
of the Kkull. Garfleld was injured last
Reek by collidh -• with a. dairy wag
on while, he was riding a bicycle near
ataboiae, ¦¦¦ ¦. ._.._
Injuries Are Fatal.
"The structure of the teeth," say3
the lecturer on dentistry,' *' is arranged
in sections. The outer wall has feel
ing, but is not so highly sensitive that
it will convey the sensation, of pain.
It is not until we. attack the interior
layers. that: we reach the truly sensi
tive portion of the tooth, and even
then ; it is sometimes difficult to -tell
when our instruments have . pierced
the I nerve center. However, there is
one infallible rule."
] "And what-, is that professor?"
asks a close ] listener. "How may we
tell when we * are ! Inflicting pain ?"
# "The patient jumps."; 1 - Judge.
A : Simple Rule.
BERKELEY, Jan. 21.— E. L. Matig
non, son of Mrs. Emily. V. Matignon of
2232 Blake street, fell with a bicycle
that broke while he was riding on
Durant avenue this afternoon ; and re-'
ceived injuries that may result fatally^
The parting of the forks was the cause
of the accident. The boy was taken to
the East Bay Sanatorium to be treated
for a fracture of the skull. *
Fulls Froiii a ' Bicycle.
OAKLAND, Jan. 21. — The follow
ing marriage licenses" were issued by
the County Clerk to-day: John Reil
ly, 29, San Francisco, and Marie Uhl.
23, Fruitvale; Emil J. Weber, 21, and
Marie F. Nolle, 19. both of West
Berkeley; Louie Peterson, 24, and
Fannie Callistra, 16, both of San Le
andro; Benjamin F. Gavica, 23, and
Frances Zabel. 18, both of Oakland;
Frederick H. Tietjen, over 21, and An
na D. Wllli, over 18. both of Oakland.
>Iarriase Licenses.
Ilcductio ad Absurdum.
The Australian Government finds it
self the defendant in a suit for $5000
on account of the most absurd of de
cisions. The new immigration law de
clares that ah immigrant must submit
to an educational test in his native
language before he is' allowed to land.
Not long ago a mate on a ship was ar
rested for smuggling. When he -was
released he was ordered to submit to
the test or be expelled from the coun
try. It was found that his father was
a German and his mother a native of
Egypt. He was born in. Alexandria.
It was decided, therefore, that his na
tive language was Greek, since Greece
is the Kuropean . country nearest to
Egypt. He failed to pass an exam
ination and was condemned to. a fur
ther • imprisonment' of . six months.
Now he is suin- for damages,' with a
fair chance of getting J them.-— New
-.York Mail and Express. -
PLEASANTON, Jan. 21.— David Will
iams and Paul James were, arrested
here to-day and charged with robbing
Jackson & Easterby's store at Niles.
The store was entered about 2 o'clock
this morning. A small amount of money
and some jewelry were stolen and when
Constable Locke, who arrested the two
men as suspicious characters, searched
them at the jail, the jewelry was dis
covered in their pockets. • .
David Williams and Paul James Ar
. rested in Pleasanton for Robbing
Jackson & Eastcrby's Store.
OAKLAND. Jan. 2L. — An action
asking $20,000 damagci for an in
jured reputation was begun to-day by
Lizzie Triest against Annie McKech
nie for defamation of character. Mrs.
Iriest has had Mrs. McICechnie ar
rested twice for assault and battery
apd has now followed this up with a
guit for damages alleged to have been
sustained on account of stories de
fendant has circulated about her.
Says Reputation \ta» Injured.
venire will be furnished by Deputy
Sheriff Scanlan, Justice Edgar having
received declarations from the other
deputy marshals that they did not
wish to officiate.
OAKLAND, Jan. 21. — Suit for di
vorce was begun to-day by Mary J;
Johnson against Willian: F. . Johnson
on the" around of cruelty. She al
leges that there has not been a week
passed since • their marriage that he
has not struck and beaten her. Laura
A. Curieux has begun suit against
Frank Curieux on the ground of de
sertion. „ • ,' . ¦'-<¦ ':
Says He Beats Her.
STOLEN JEWELRY FOUND
IX POSSESSION. OF BURGLARS
Late Shipping Intelligence.
OUTSIDE. BOITXD IS. 12 MIDNIGHT.
• Bark Vldette and pchr Lizzie Vane*. --•
DOMESTIC PORTS. .,:,"-
SEATTLE— Arrived Jan 21— gtmr Farallon,
from Skagway.
Sailed Jan 21— Stmr Centennial for San
Francisco.
PORT ANGELES— Arrived Jan SI— Schr An
nle M Campbell, frnm Santa Rosalia.
POINT LOIiOS — Passed north Jan 21 — Stmr
Alcatraz, from San Pedro for Greenwood.
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived Jan 21— Ger
stmr Eva. -hence Jan 15. - * - > -
Sailed Jan 21 — Bark Diamond Head, for San
Francisco.
ISLAND PORT. ; : £ !
HONOLULU — Arrived Jan 21 — Br stmr Cop
tie, hence Jan 15. for Yokohama and. Hong
kong.
for the Hillside School. The entertainment
will be given on the 12th anil 13tH of Feb
ruary Jn .an. auditorium _jet to be selected.
Ninety* children, all ' the offsrrinsr of Mother
Goo»e. and dressed In pretty costumes, will
participate. Mrs. George Smythe U president
of the club and Mrs. J. M. Pierce secretary.
The glnKing section of West Berkeley Lo<Is»
Of Hermann's Sons held the annual banquet
and installation of officers last Thursday In
Taylor Hall. Christian Hoft*. the City Trustee.
acted as toastmaster and responses were made
by Professor Albrerht. P. A. Sehnoor, P. E.
N;ckelman. Geonce Walter. I. Wolff and others.
D. A. Wentworth and Carl Schnutt sang sev
eral vocal numbers. The following named
were Inducted Into office: President. George
Walters: secretary. G. A. Welnberg; treasurer.
I. Wolff:- librarian. Vritz Meyer; rtlrectora,
Charles Kimbel and Professor Albrech*.
Artificial Camphor.
¦ E. Callenberg of Land-on-Rhine has
succeeded in preparing, on a commer
cial basis, pure chlorhydrate of tere
binth, commonly known as "artificial
camphor," and has found that this
pure body has many valuable proper*
ties. It is soluble in nitroglycerine,
diminishing greatly the maximum
temperature reached during explo
sions, hence it may prove useful "in
the manufacture of safety explosives.
It further lowers the freezing point of
nitroglycerine to a very marked de
gree, a solution containing from 3
to 5 per cent of the chlorhydrate
solidifying at 15 degrees C. the prod
uct being a gelatine dynamite of im
proved • quality, while the pure sol
vent in nitroglycerine dissolves in tha
cold everykind of gun cotton, includ
ing the so-called insoluble varieties.
According to La Nature, the chlorhy
drate has also proved useful In the
manufacture of explosives containing
nitrate of ammonia. — New 'TorJc
Commercial. . : £B!BHE02K3nS3mM
ALAMEDA. Jan. 21. — Twenty-eight
"representative property owners and
residents, most of whom live in the
central and eastern sections of the
city, have issued a call for a meeting
to be held in the Council chamber of
the City Trustees next Wednesday
night to take action toward giving the
outside world a knowledge of the
many advantages possessed by Ala
meda as a choice locality.
To Advertise Alameda.
OAKLAND, Jan. 21. — A special ser
vice in honor of the fiftieth anniver
sary of the landing of the Jate Right
Rev. William Ingraham Kip, Bishop
of California, on this coast will be
held in St. Paul's Episcopal Church
to-morrow evening, at which the
Right Rev. William Ford Nichols will
deliver an address reviewing the
firrowth of California and the progress
of Episcopalianism since the time that
Bishop Kip was shipwrecked on the
beach at San Diego. Choir Director
Edwin Crandall has prepared a spe
cial programme- of music and will
himself sing "Send Out Thy Light,"
by Gounod. A large number of cler
gymen of the 'diocese will attend the
service.
3Iemoi1al Services at St. Paul's.
"I shall not prosecute McGibbons,"
said Sternberg, "because I believe he
is mentally irresponsible and is a klep
tomaniac."
The police coincide with Sternberg's
idea that their prisoner is not morally
responsible for his actions, and they
will not proceed against McGibbons
provided the loser of. the jewelry does
not take steps in that direction. Mc-
Gibbons' home is with his mother at
677 Twenty-fifth street.
McGibbons entered the Sternberg
house Tuesday afternoon during the
family's absence and ransacked the
rooms, stealing two diamond earrings,
a gold watch, a necklace and a child's
bank. The jewelry he pawned In San
Francisco for $5 at a Chinese shop.
The young man was suspected and
was arrested by Detective Shorey this
morning. Questioning by the police
forced a confession which included an
admission from McGibbons that he had
also stolen two gold watches from the
Sternberg residence a week before
Tuesday's crime was committed.
Kleptomania is the excuse offered for
Albert McGibbons, 24 years old, who
confessed to-day to the police that he
had twice committed burglary at the
residence of P. L. Sternberg, 673 Twen
ty-fifth street, the young man's next
door neighbor.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Jan. 21.
Clancey and Davis have been around
Point Richmond for a short time doing
general work and Sexton has been
working in the stone- yard for about
two months. His wife Is believed to
be in San Francisco.
. It is the opinion of the officials that
Clancey and Sexton quarreled, and that
while the shot was not the direct cause
of death it disabled the man and he
fell into the marsh and was drowned.
Costa County. Though the autopsy re
vealed the fact that the back of the
dead man was full of shot Dr. Lucas
was not willing to say that the shot
was the cause of death.
However, Davis and ¦ Clancey were
arrested upon suspicion by Deputy
Sheriff Matoiza. Clancey refused to
make any statement, but Davis says
that Clancey and Sexton quarreled dur
ing .the hunting trip and that as both
were drunk he left the party and re
turned to Point Richmond. .
Sexton, Clancey and Davis all started
hunting on Tuesday and yesterday
Davis and Clancey returned to this
city, while the body of Sexton was
found in the marsh. It was at first
supposed that Sexton had met his death
by drowning, but to-night an autopsy
was performed upon the body by Dr.
William Lucas of this city under the
direction of Coroner Curry of Contra
POINT RICHMOND, Jan. 21.— The
autopsy upon the body of Edward J.
Sexton, which was found in the marsh
near here yesterday, showed that the
back was full of shot, and W. J. Davis
and James Clancey are in the local jail
upon suspicion of having knowledge
of how Sexton met his death, if they
were not the direct causes.
Ten governments, therefore, contrib
ute annually about $300 apiece, and this
money pays for the services of. the
lighthouse-keeper and his assistants
and the oil and other materials needed.
The Consuls at Tangier form the
board of lighthouse supervisors and the
Moroccan Government has nothing to
do with the management.
Few lighthousese have so beautiful a
location. It is the favorite picnic ground
of the European residents of Tangier.
From this elevation visitors may look
far out upon the ocean and see the en
tire length of. the Stn.it of Gibraltar,
and Cape Trafalgar, where Nelson de
feated the French-Spanish fleet in 1805,
is plainly in sight to the north.—Chi
cago Inter Ocr~-\
The Government of Morocco thought
it was very hardly treated when it was
compelled to build this lighthouse. The
other Governments had requested Mo
rocco to build it as an aid to naviga
tion, but Morocco bluntly refused.
Diplomatic pressure was . i then
brought to bear, and the leading com
mercial nations at length induced the
Sultan to build a lighthouse at Capo
Spartel. The contract was given to a
French firm, and the result is a fine
and solid piece of stone work.
The lighthouse is nateworthy for the
remarkable manner. in which it is sup
ported. The agreement with .Morocco
was that if the Sultan would build a
lighthouse the other nations would at
tend to its maintenance.
Among the estimates of the State
Department for the current year is
found the sum of $350 as our "annual
proportion of the expenses of Cape
Spartel light, on the coast of Morocco,
inclcding loss by exchisge."
All travelers passing through the
Strait of Gibraltar see Cape Spartel
light, fronting the Atlantic Ocean on
the south side of the strait. It is eight
miles west of Tangier, and stands on a
cliff rising 500 feet above tjie sea.
Pays His Proportion, Tills year $350,
to Maintain Cape Spartel Beacon
Xear Gibraltar Straits.
UNCLE SAM HELPS TO
LIGHT AFRICAN COAST
Plea Is Made for Young Man
Who Confesses to Two Bur
glaries at Neighbor's Home
Physicians Find That Charge
of Leaden Pellets Was Fired
Into Back of Edward Sexton
KLEPTOMANIA
CAUSES CRIME
OAKLAND, Jan. 21. — The local
Bartenders' Union has accepted the
proposition of the Liquor Dealers' As
sociation to give the men a day off
whenever it was possible to do so
w ithout injury to business. The liqu«r
dealers are not obliged to give their
men any specified day during the
week.
The lathers' unions of Oakland and
San Francisco have agreed to organ
ize a district council, which will have
jurisdiction over all the territory
within fifty miles of Fan Francisco.
The following committee has been ap
pointed by the Oakland union to per-
Ject arrangements: G. Devillers, M.
P. Manning and M. P. Watrous.
Possible — Lathers' Unions Will
Orsrasize District Council.
Men Will Recei\e Day Off Whenever
"The charge that I accepted a bribe
frpm Fisher is utterly false. No money
ever passed between us."
Fisher in his own behalf denied that
he had qffered Pickett any money." He
denied -being on particularly [ friendly
terms with him and swore that | their
relations were really rather strained.
"As to receiving news of the jury's de
liberations, .he had not' been favored
any more ' than . other people. . ¦ . .
•On the Deputy District Attorney's
showing Justice Edgar decided to dis
miss the venire of forty talesmen- that
had been summoned by > Pickett and
called for another of thirty v men, re
turnable at 10 o'clock to-morr«iw. This
SAYS CHARGE IS FALSE.
"The card from Mr. Orr was passed
out while a glass of water was being
given to one of the jurymen," said
Pickett. "It had nothing whatever to
do with the case.* As to being 'unduly
friendly with Fisher, that is untrue,
because our relation are just the re
verse. Fisher got hot at me last night
when I met him in West Berkeley be
cause I would not summons some men
that | he wanted on the jury. I had
summoned' three men and. when they
objected to serving on the jury I let
them go, but Fisher wanted them any
way. r/-.vj:> :'¦".¦ .'¦ . ¦
Attorney Walsh backed up his affida
vit with a statement on the witness
stand which went further to implicate
Fisher and Pickett. He said he noticed
that they were unduly friendly and on
January 1 14, the last day of Fisher's
trial for battery upon M. C. Woodruff,
he saw the defendant pass $5 to Pick
ett. He was unwilling to swear, how
ever, that Pickett took the money. A
spectator at the trial also told him, he
said, that a card had been passed out
of the room in which the jury was de
liberating and it was his opinion that
it gave information to Fisher as to
how the. jury stood.
Pickett was then given a chance to
explain himself on the. 'witness stand
and made some admissions that show
that juries in Berkeley are treated with
a good deal of freedom. * He admitted
that a card had been passed out of the
jury room by C. A." Orr, but declared
it to be merely a message to Orr 'a wife
concerning the time when he would be
home for dinner.
Not only does Attorney Walsh charge
Fisher with offering money to Pickett,
but he also declares that there is a
friendly relation between them that
has manifested itself in a number of
ways, particularly in regard to the an
nouncement of the jury's verdict in 'the
recent battery case against Fisher be
fore Justice Edgar knew of it. and the
passing of notes from the juryroom
that were said to convey messages as
to the proceedings to the defendant.
The whole thing is"- summed up in
an affidavit Attorney Walsh presented
in challenging the panel when Fisher's
trial for disturbing the peace of E. E.
Newton at a rummage sale came up
in the Justice's court this mornine.
WALSH TAKES STAND.
BERKELEY, Jan. 21.— The farcical
"Sam" Fisher, case, the one that has
involved .half the" population' of Berke
ley and manufactured all sorts* of. trou
ble for all sorts of people, . furnished
another scandal to-day. It 'came in
the .form of an open charge from Philip
M. Walsh, Chief Deputy District At
torney, that Fisher offered William B.
Pickett, a deputv town marshal, J5 or
some other sum . to influence the offi
cer in the selection of talesmen to serve
on juries trying Fisher for battery and
disturbing the peace.
BARTEXDEKS AXD LIQUOR
DEALERS SETTLE DISPUTE
DEPUTY DISTRICT ATTORNEY
AND TWO PRINCIPALS IX AL
LEGED ATTEMPTED BRIBERY.
The Le Conte memorial tablet, which was
removed from the Le Conte oak while the
oak trees were being .treated last summer. Is
about to be replaced with a Hone monument
It is to be erected in front of the tree under
the direction of Joan Galen Howard the su
pervising architect. A block of stone h&s been
presented to the university by the Raymond
Granite Company and upon this the tablet will
The Freshmen Debating Society held the first
meeting of the term laet night in Stiles Hall,
wh»n the following question was debated: "Re
solved, that the annexation of Manchuria to
Russia would be ultimately to the best Inter
ests of Manchuria's civilization." The affirm
ative was presented by D. L. Clarke and E.
J. Huffen and the negative by C. R. Watkina
and G. Aoki.
President Wheeler has just received an ex
tensive report on the climatology of California,
by Alexander McAdie, recently elected honor
ary lecturer in meteorology.
President and Mrs. Wheeler will receive the
Junior class next Wednesday evening In Hearst
Hall. ¦ • "
BERKELEY. Jan. 21.— Mrs. William H.
Crocker has given to the university (2500 to be
devoted to archaeological research In Old Mexi
co. The money will be used to carry on in
vestigations under the direction of Mrs. Zelia
Nuttall of the anthropological department, who
is now at Casa Alvarado, Cuyocan. Old Mexico.
Mrs. Nuttall is excavating among the ruins
left by aucient peoples for the university mu
seum.
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
Mrs. Charles E. Parcells has returned from
Los Anseles. MfJ'Hi
Mrs. Felton Taylor will give a large card
party on the 30th. "
Miss Mabel Thayer Gray, president of Ebell
who was taken HI in Chicago several weeks
ago. is reported out of danger, although it
will - be a month or more before she entirely
regains strength.
Mrs. A. E. Horton has been III for some
time, but is slowly convalescing.
Miss Claire Chabot Is planning a large even
ing affair for February 11.
Mrt. Frank Leach entertained " the Sterling
Whist Club yesterday. The prize winners were
Mrs. B. S. Hubbard. Mrs. C. D. Bates. Mrs
John Llvinrston and Mrs. William House.
The soloists at the Wednesday Morning
Musical Club yesterday were Mrs. Hayward O.
Thomas, " M!;s Splnk. Miss Leona Shaw. Miss
FTorence Wyman Gardiner, Miss -Cordelia
Bishop. Miss May Cocsran ' and Miss Jessie
Bars tow.
Mrs. Oscar f. Long has gone to Washington
D. C, to rejoin General Long, who Is stationed
there. ' , * ¦; i .
¦ The engagement of Miss Emma Meege.
daughter of Councilman Edwin Meese. to Rev.
M. H. Liebe ot San Francisco has been an
nounced. •". . ¦
M>s Henrietta Rathjen. a pretty East Oak
land girl, and Fred A. Jordan, manager of
the CreBIn Hotel, were married last evening
at the brlde'n home," Rev. P. C. Yorke belnz
the officiating clergyman.
The wedding was a very quiet affair owing
to the illness of the bride's sister.
Mr?. Jordan, is the daughter of Herman
Rathjen, a successful wood and coal merchant
of East Oakland.
Mrs. Joseph Char.elor has sent out cards for
a large card party for January 28 at the Pal
ace Hotel. Mrs. Chanslor, who la a sister of
Mrs. Charlie Parcell of this city, Is residing at
the Palace for the winter.
i A\ oleasant "at home" was glvn by Mrs.
Kennerly Bryan this afternoon. She was as
sisted In receiving by Miss Ruddock. Mrs. Wal
ter Thompson Kellogg. Mi?s Geraldine, Scup
ham, Mrs. Gilbert Belcher. Mrs. Richard Ly
man, Mrs. George II. Ismon. Mrs. Frederick
B. Dallam and Mrs. B. T. Hubbard.
Among the invited guests were:
Mrs. John P. Eby, Mrs. David Ewald Urown.
Mrs. Edward M. Walsh, Mrs. E. A. Heron.
Mrs. Charles B. Wingate. Mrs. Samuel J.
Taylor, Miss Margaret Wyman Taylor. Mrs.
Duncan- W. Eberts, Mrs. John A. Brltton.
Mrs. James F. Wiggins. Mrs. Edward M. Pra
ther. Mrs. J. R. Scupham. Miss Soupham, Mrs.
E. T. Henshaw, Mrs. Felton Taylor, Mrs.
Charles Lovell, Mr*. . George C. Borneman,
Mrs. Frederick Paee Cutting, Mrs. E. J.
Boyer, Mr*. C. Frank Weber, Mrs. Jullen
Mathieu. Mrs. Edward N. Enjflehardt. Mrs.
Frank M. Butler. Misr« Helen Chase. Mrs. E.
G. Ryker. Mrs. J. T. Brown. Mrs. John Liv
ingstone, -Miss Grace Livingstone. Mrs. C. H.
Wilson of San Francisco and Miss Gertrude
Llvinz«tone.
Mr. and Mrs. .Melvin C Chapman
entertained a few friend* quite infor
mally at a musieale Tuesday evening,
the honored guests being- John W. Met
calf. the composer and musician, and Rob
ert Lloyd. ftho well-known barytone, who has
recently located in Oakland. Mr. Lloyd "has
frtquently nuntr ""Absent."" by Mr. Metcalf. It
being one of th* favorites in his repertoire, but
on Tuesday evening the singer and maker of
songs met fur the first time. A pleasant fea
ture of the cvpr.ing was the singing of "Ab
sent" by Mr. Llovrt. with the composer as
his accompanist. Mr. Lloyd has a rich, sym
pathetic Vdc«, and his ?el«Ttlon9 th» gave
several durirg the evening) were keenly en
.Joj'vd by th<» other guests. Mr. Metcalf also
gave several delightful piano numbers. Miss
Edith KMly and Miss Elsie Farnum, who are
both accomplished pUnists. played. and
Mp«*rs. llarriner and Will Jordan sang.
Flowers were tastefully arranged throughout
the apartments. The dining-room. where
twenty-four were seated at the large table, was
In Dink
Mrs. J. H. P. Dunn and Mrs. John Henry
I)i. ckrJar.n grave thtir second bl» luncheon to
day, the table showing the same graceful ar .
rangempnt of violet orchids and ferns that
excited so much, admiration at last . Thurs
day's delightful affair. The Invited jruests
included Mrs. r Henry Rosenfeld of San Fran
eitco, Mr*. George Hammer, the Misses Car
rie ami Btlle Nicholson, ilrs. Wlckham Hav
en*. Mrs. Edward W. • EnjfS. Mrs. Walter
StHrr. Mrs. Irving Lunriborg. Mrs. Harry
Kiirr, Mis« Beatrice Vrooman. Miss Grace
Baldwin, Miss Louise Mahoney. Miss Marian
Ev?rson. Mrs. George K. Grow. Mrs. Joseph
Loran Pease, MUs Edith Gasklll. Mrs. Beth
Searlght. Mi*s Maude Edith Pope. Mrs. Oscar
Gowlng. Mls» Marietta Havens. Mrs. George
Chevalier. Miss Jennie Dieckmann and Miss
Maria Pereira.
Covers were laid for Miss Florence White,
Mies Lillian Isaa<*. Miss Marie English. Miss
CWire Chabot. Miss lone Fore, Miss Grace
Sanborn. Miss Laura Sanborn; Arthur Good
fellow, Fred Dieckmann, Denis Diamond,
John Sanborn, Herbert Landers, Edward
Alken. Lloyd Lacey, Ray Baker and Will San
born.
OAKLAND. Jan. 21. — Miss Laura Sanborn
was the hostess this evening at a charming
little dinner at her home in Fruitvale. The af
fair was complimentary to Herbert Landers,
who expects to leave for the Kast In a short
time. Louis Philippe roses and asparagus
fern were attractively arranged on the table,
red being the general color scheme. The candle
light was softened with rose-colored shades.
The place cards were dainty little figures- o'
men and women done in water color, and. In
compliment to the equestrians in the party,
some of the sketches were of riders.
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
OAKLAND, Jan. 21. — After a quar
rel with his wife, W. D. Franz, pro
prietor of the Haywards Villa Hotel,
disappeared on January 8 and has not
been located.
Franz and his spouse quarreled be
cause she objected to his frequent
duck hunting expeditions, and after
the altercation Franz walked out of
the hotel. He returned about 3
o'clock on the morning of the Sth of
January and gathered up his personal
effects, including about $2000 in coin,
and, hiring a horse and buggy from
a livery stable, started in the direction
of Oakland. Later the rig was re
turned to the stable by a stranger,
and up to date nothing has been
heard from the missing man.
Hunting Ducks, W. D. Franz
Takes Sudden Leave.
Because His Wife Objected to His
HAYWARDS HOTEL MAX
DISAPPEARS AFTER QUARREL
AUTOPSY SHOWS
SHOT IN BODY
Oakland Office San Francisco CalL
1118 Broadway, Jan. 21.
After being saved from the peniten
tiary by marrying the woman whom he
robbed, William E. Barnes, a sales
man, landed to-day, for the fourth time
since last* May, in the city prison. This
time the charge of grand larceny is
again Tegistered against Barnes, the
specific act being the alleged theft of
a horse and buggy, owned by Dr. Will
lam S. Porter.
Barnes, the charge runs, took the
team from in front of the physician's
residence, 970 Grove street, this morn
ing. Dr. Porter missed his vehicle, no
tified the police, and this afternoon it
was recovered in Hagar's Stables, at
Alden. Hagar's description of the man
who left it there fitted Barnes to a dot.
Detective Qulgley found his man across
the street from the stable in a saloon,
where the much-arrested salesman had
pawned Dr. Porter's medicine *ag for
liquor.
Barnes was arrested last May on
complaint of Mrs. Annie Hughes, his
landlady, and charged with disturbing
her peace. A month later he was again
arrested and accused of stealing a lot
of jewelry and money from Mrs.
Hughes. He was held for trial, but
while waiting in the County Jail,
Barnes so played on Mrs. Hughes'
sympathies that she married him. That
blocked prosecution. Barnes was dis
charged, but kept out of jail only a
month, the next arrest following in
September, when he cashed a worthless
check for a small amount and went to
the city prison for ninety days.-
Mrs. Barnes sued her husband for a
divorce, but during his last stay in jail
she relented. On Christmas day Barnes
was again discharged, and celebrated
his release by inducing his wife to dis
miss her complaint. Less than a month
of freedom is to Barnes' credit this
trip.
Dr. Porter has sworn to a complaint
charging Barnes with grand larceny.
The. Information charging W. A. Mc-
Kowen with the embezzlement of uni
versity funds was filed by District At
torney Allen to-day, and it Is probable
McKowen -will plead guilty- in the
morning, waive all technicalities and
ask that he be sentenced immediately.
He has never expressed other desire
than that he might be allowed to plead
g^iilty to the charge against '- ' n. and
refused to-day to agree to a postpone
ment of the case in the event his at
torney was not able to be present.
The information charges him with
the embezzlement of $3515 from the
Regents of the University of Califor
nia. The maximum penalty for this
one offense Is ten years, which, with
credits, would result in a six and a half
year sentence. Other charges, how
ever, can be filed.
To-morrow Is arraignment day In the
criminal department, and McKowen
will be brought before Judge Hall In
the morning.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway. Jan. 21.
- The specimen was first seen protrud
ing from the cliff from which it was
afterward extracted. The workmen ex
cavating for it came in contact with
the remains of numerous other fossil
animals in a fairly good state of pres
ervation, but no scientific man of suf
ficient knowledge has yet been found
to classify them.
An important feature of the discov
ery is that South America has never
been known previously to furnish any
specimens of these prehistoric Silurians,
and a new field of scientific investiga
tion and discovery seems to have thus
been opened. Professor John C Mer
riam, professor of palaeontology at the
university, believes that the new fossil
beds may. yield specimens of immense
value to science.
In a letter, to President Wheeler of
the University of California from W.
H. Wright, head of the Lick Observa
tory expedition now in Chile, particu
lars are given of the recent discovery
of a perfect specimen of the ichthyo
saurus in a cliff near Coqulmbo, Chile.
It is .now In the possession of the
French Scientific Commission, which is
examining the fossil beds ot Chile, but
efforts will be made, to secure the spec
imen for the university.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call.
2148 Center Street, Jan. 2L
Captain Gibbons of the ship General
Gordon, lying at anchor at Long
Wharf, had a fierce midnight encoun
ter with a burglar in the cabin of his
ship last night. His entire head is
bandaged to-day as a result of the in
juries.
Unarmed, Captain Gibbons grappled
with the man in the dark and received
a terrible beating from a sandbag or
club. The burglar escaped.
Captain Gibbons had spent the eve
ning in San Francisco with a friend
and returned on the last boat. He got
off at the depot at the end of the mole,
walked down the wharf to his ship and
had been asleep a short time when he
was awakened by some one moving
about his room. After inquiring who it
was, he got up and encountered a man,
and a fierce struggle took place be
tween them. The burglar beat the cap
tain to the floor and made his escape.
He took with him $46 he had found in
the captain's pockets and his gold
watch and chain.
The crew was aroused by the noise
of the struggle and the first mate
threw a pair of shackles at the fleeing
man that made a dent in tRe wood
work of the ship. The steward ran on
deck with a carving knife and almost
stabbed the mate. Meanwhile the cap
tain lay wallowing in his gore in the
cabin. His skull was laid bare and his
•face cut by the weapon, but he is not
dangerously hurt.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Jan. 21.
Xoah C. " and Bna F. Kendall (wife) to
Realty Syndicate (corporation), lot on N linn
of Forty- fifth street. 240 W of Grove. W 50
by N ICO. lot 2 1 -'. block 2109. same map, Oak
land; $10.
Armour and Sarah Jana McLaugrhlln to Jann
Clark, lot on XV line of San Pablo avenue,. 73
N of t'nlon avenue. X 50 by W 152:8. being;
X part of Iot3 1 and 2. map of Villa Home
stead Association. Oakland: gift.
Mary E. and Luth«r J. Ilolton to Frank E.
Armstrong;, lot on N line of Berkeley way.
2S3:1) E of Fhatmek avenue etc., E 47:3 by
X 124:6. portion of lot 11. block A. map of
villa lots adjacent to university situ on West
street. Berkeley; $1O.
Paris and S. E. Kllburn (wife) to J. T C.
Xash. lot 19. map of La Lonut Park, Berkeley
$100.
Same to same, lots 14, 16. 13. 20, block l.\
mip. Daly's Scenic Park; also subdivisions of
lots 1 and 2, lot 21.- and «ubditision S In lot
22. block 1*>. map of subdivision of block -."•
and resubdlvUion of lots 21 to 24, block 15,
Berkeley; $10O.
W. E. and Lottie Rudell (wife* to Avelln
Tejeda. N* 12:6 feet of; lot 2S. In block <\
Fruitvale station tracX Brooklyn Township;
Avelin and OtiJa A. Tejeda (wife) to Ma
thil.H- 'Braurt,' same. Brooklyn Township; $10.
Continental Building; and Loan Association to
same, N V of lot 27 and S Vi of. lot 36. block
C. same. Brooklyn Township: $1O. '
John T. and Annie MouM <wlfe> to Francis
M. Jr. and Jessit* P. Rurnham (wife), lot 2O,
map of Derby Tract, Brooklyn Township; $11).
HathTas and Augusta W. Jor^ensen to Ed
ward Archer, lot on N line ot Clement avenue.
2O2.!> W of Stanford street, W 36.S by N 127 :«.
portion of lots 4 and 5. block 1. map of resub
diviston of blocks 1. 2 and 3. lands adja
cent to Enclnal. Alameda ; $10. -
John and Mary Nation to Albert Nelson
(single). lot 9, map Sutter Tract, Brooklyn
Township: $10.
Du Ray Smith Jr. and Evabelle Smith to
Guy W. Monroe, lot on R line of Twenty
fourth street, CO E of Linden. E 50 by S 107.50.
portion of lots 9 and 10. block H. Map of Sur
vey of Northern Extension, Oakland: $3. '
Mario D. and George H. JefTress to John S.
Pumser. lot on N line- of Hanover avenue. 4SO
W of Newton avenue. W 50 by N 145, East
Oakland; $10. . ...
R. A. and Florence E. Berry to A.. Joseph
¦on. lot on N line of Parker street 170 E of
Grant, E 40 by N 129.4O. portion of lots 17
and IS. block F. r-f.vjt.il Springs Tract. Berke
ley; $10.
n.-pa ST. Phatturk ( widow) and John W V
Havens to Oakland Paving. Company, lot on S
line, of Blake street. 4rtf.no w O f Shattuck ave
nue, said point being 40 W from NW corner nf
property formerly deeded to C. D. Vincent, W
4.T by S 120.C5. portion of lots 5 and 4 of blnck
10. Map No. 4. Shattuck Tract. Berkeley; $m.
A. and Annie L. <'ros* to Mary Pejletier
(widow), lot on N line of Kent street. ltK».v»
(1980) W of Wheeler. W «V) by N l«v lot 1*.
block F. Map E. portion of Newbury- Tract,
Berkeley; $10.
Anna and A. J. tt!'.bcrt.to H«nrl#tta I. Me-
Laran. lot :'.!, block P. map of blocks M. N, O
and P. Harmon Tract. Berkeley; also lot 20.
block ."IP. map of Smith's Subdivision of part
of Mathews Tract. Berk«ley; $1**. ¦
Curtis Hlllyer to Theodore and Ida Wagner,
i same, Berkeley: $::7.
John G. and Agnes A gar (Aa-nea I*. Mac
donough). and as trustee* under will. at. Jo
seph Macdonough. Joseph M. and Tessie. T.
Macdonough and William O*f? Macdonough to
William F. Neary lot on S' line of Thtrty
flrst street 863 W of Grove W 50 by S 1U\
lot 13. block 2034. Oakland; $10.
Realty Syndicate (corporation) to> Noah C.
Kendall, lot on N line of Forty- fourth street.
29O \V of West. W ICO by N 100. lots 25 and
2i> block 210Tt Aldcn Tract at Temescal Oak
land; $10. . .
Holcomb Land Company (Heron-Holcomh
company, corporation) to Mamie E. Fletcher
(single) lot 12 map of Santa Clara avenuu
property. Oakland; $10.
Lea F. Mott (single) to Mrs. Mary Chiuco
vlch. lot on S line of San Antonio avenue. 40«>
W of Willow street, W 5O by S 125. portion
of lot IS. in E V, of block M. lands adjacent
to Enclnal, Alamedn; $10.
Julia H. Bradley to George XV. Haight. lot
on SW corner of Sixty-fifth and Dana streets.
W SO by S 115. portion of University Tarlc
Tract. Oakland; |3.
Charles H. and Wllhelmtn* Taylor to Emma
Baker (wife of J. W.). land fronting on Athol
avenue and Avon place, twin* subdivision A.
map of <?. H. Taylor's subdivision of lots 1
and 2. block D. Peralta. Heights, East Oak
land. exc^Dt »trlD off K side of said lot aa
follows: Beginning at SE eorner of »atd;lot A,
thence W 10 feet along N line of Athol avenue.
N to NE corner of said lot A. S 154.82 to be
ginning:. East Oakland: $10.
Julia H. Bradley (sin*le> to Georjre W.
Haljrht. lot on SW eorner of. East Tenth street
and Third avenue. NW 30O. S JX> to Una of or
dinary hi»fh .tide, being also boundary line of
San Antonio Rancho. SE to W line of Third
avenue, N 30(> to beginning, being all of frac
tional block «. Ciinton. ¦ East Oakland: $5.
Charles Harrlyon (single) to Reuben MeCory.
lots 29 and 30, Bromley Tract. Brooklyn Town
ship: $10.
John Ryan <by H. Dumont. attorney) to
James S. Nalsrnlth. lot en N line of Twonty
flfth (Laurel) street. 500 W of Grove. W 30 by
N 100 lot 28. block M. map of XV. F. Kelsey s
Tract. Oakland: $10.
Louis and Emilia Slegrriest to Michael Mulvi
hlll. lot beslnntn* at SE comer of resWenr.
property (formerly of Manuel ' M. Ayala) and
Jn W line of Telecraph avenue, thence SW ,V».
NW 170 to XV line of plat 49. V and T>. Peralta
ranchos. NW 60, SE 215.SO to beirlnnlnsr. por
tion of estate of Vicente Peralta, Oakland: $10.
Alametia County.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Crew Aroused by the Struggle
and Mate Tries to Stop Rob
ber as He Flees From Vessel
District Attorney Bases Case on
One Peculation of 63515.
Maximum Penalty Ten Years
Effort Is Being Made to Get
Prized Relic for the Museum
at University of California
Charge of Grand Larceny Pre
ferred Against Salesman for
Theft of Horse and Buggy
DR. PORTER HIS ACCUSER
SKELETON IN A CLIFF
WANTS NO POSTPONEMENT
MARAUDER GETS BOOTY-
Information Is Filed Against
the Embezzler and He Will
Make Answer in the Morning
Captain Gibbons of the Gene
ral Gordon Encounters Man in
Cabin and Is Terribly Beaten
Released From Alameda County
Jail on Christmas Day He Is
Now in Line for Penitentiary
French Scientists Discover a
Perfect Specimen of Fossil
Eemains of Extinct Animal
M'KOWEN'S PLEA
WILL BE GUILTY
FIERCE FIGHT
WITH BURGLAR
CHILE YIELDS
ICHTHYOSAURUS
BARNES AGAIN
BEHIND BARS
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 22, 1904.
Chief Deputy District Attorney Walsh Objects to
Panel in Fisher Case on Ground That Deputy
Marshal Pickett IsToo Friendly With Defendant
ATTORNEY'S COMPLAINT CAUSES
THE DISMISSAL OF TALESMEN
6
BBANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
OAKLAND.
1118 Broadway.
Telephone Main 1063.
BERKELEY.
2148 Center Street.
Telephone Xorth 77.
ALAMEDA.
1435 Park Street.
Telephone Eagle 503.From Los Angeles — J. I. Crowell.
at the Imperial; IT. Mitchell and G.
Mitchell, at the Victoria.
Callfornlr-s in New York.
NEW YORK. Jan. 21. — The follow
ing Californians are in New York:
From San Francisco — P." Landsbur
ger. at the Cadillac; R. W. McGuire.
at the Imperial: A. B. Porter and A.
I. Scotland, at' the Cadillac; J. S. Sai
ley and E. Hirschfield. at the Astor,
and "M. O. S. Vansyskcklam, at the
Manhattan.
The night of January 2 was the {
coldest of the winter In the Altoona
(Penn.) region, the thermometer reg
istering 2 below zero there and 7 on
the mountain. A coal train from Dun
lo was ordered to make a fast run to
the city over the Pennsylvania to
avoid beinfr frozen up.
Suddenly there loomed up on the
track ahead an objecj which the en
gineer took for a. man. He stopped
the train and went out to investigate.
He found a half frozen bear. He let
the bear alone and returned to his
engine, only to find the train stalled
in snowdrifts. He could not move lt-
The train crew was forced to re
main out all that night. Eight other
trains were frozen up on the moun
tain division by " the. - blizzard, and
crews remained with them, unable to
get to Altoona. — Philadelphia Ledger.
v Bear Stalled the Train.
PHILADELPHIA, Jan. 21. — Pea
nuts are becoming a luxury. Cotton
has been soaring so high In the last
few months that Southern peanut
farmers have begun the cultivation of
cotton. Confectioners and bakers of
this city who use peanuts extensively
report that they now find it hard to
obtain enough to meet requirements,
with prices advancing rapidly.
Peanuts Are Becoming a Luxury.
E. W. # Glllett, general pasenger agent
of the Salt Lake road, is up from Los
Angeles and registered at the Palace.
M. H. Flint, the newly appointed
postmaster of Los Angeles, and wife
ar.-ived at the Occidental yesterday, j
W. S. Leake arrived yesterday from
New York. He will remain here about
a fortnight and then return to the
Eastern metropolis.
Lieutenant Colonel L. W. Jutlliard of
the Fifth Infantry Regiment. N. G. C.
arrived from Santa Rosa yesterday and
is at the California.
W. B. Jerome of Chicago, general
Western passenger agent of the New
York Central line, arrived from Los
Angeles yesterday and is at the Pal
ace.
O. McHenry. a banker of Modesto,
is at the Occidental. ;,«v
J. S. Bransford. a mining man of Salt
Lake, is aX the Palace.
E. L. Finley, a newspaper man of
Santa Rosa, is at the California.
Edgar M. Sheehan, a business man
of Sacramento, is at the Palace.
Thomas J. Kirk, State Superintendent
of Public Schools, is at the Palace.
Fred W. Swanton, a capitalist of
Santa Cruz, is staying at the Palace.
W. P. Hammon, manager of dredg
ing interests near Oroville, is at the
Palace.
PERSONAL.
• A \vr;ter in "The Pharmaceutical
Journal" remarks that considerable
traffic is carried on in the present
time in the bones of the tahr. the na
tive name of the wild goat. Capra
Jemianica. -which frequents steep
tree covered slopes of the Himalaya
range, and which bones are exported
to India, being employed as an imag
inary never failing remedy for rheu-
Again, the antlers of the
Altai wapiti, of the deer tribe, are ex
ported, it is said, to China, realizing
a very high price, where they are
much esteemed for medicinal pur
pose*, while the horns of the Suma
tran rhinoceros are imported by and
Valued in the same country as a sup
posed rnear.s of counteracting disease.
New York Tribune.
New Remedy for Ilhcomatism.
Mrs. Charles Plum. Mr. and Mrs.
James Snook, Mr. and Mrs. Alva "Watt,
Mr. and Mrs. William Herman. Mr.
and Mrs. C. B. York. Mr. and Mrs. A.
Gartenlaub, Mr. and Mrs. Jack Har
ron. Mr. and Mrs. Charles Havens, Mr.
and Mrs. William Shotwell, Mr. and
Mrs. J. P. Wallace. Mr. and Mrs. L.
F. Weaver, Mr. and Mrs. Bush Fin
nell and Mrs. E. P. Brinegar.
Cri«p snow. Ice like glass, and safe, «very
day throughout the winter at Reno. Nevada.
Week-«nd excursions while It lasts, going Fri
day or Saturday, and returctas Monday or
Tuwdav; round trip. Including cne day's ent^r-
Tatnment. at either Riverside or Overland Ho
tel, only ?lt 15. An opportunity to enjoy the
winter sports of the East, but set In Califor
nia's crand Sl-rra scenery. Full Information
from Southern Pacific ticket agents. •
Let's Go Skating.
i Ii? women oi the Korean common
ally are voluble and vixecish. and ever (
ieady to 5lap a. handful of stars into :
the eyes of a husband — or into those [
of a timid and shrinking tourist — \
should the occasion arise. The women •
of the upper class are rigorously ex- !
<Iuded from masculine eyes and a j
hearty vot? of tlianks is due the com- ;
miitee who fathered this unwritten j
lir. The dainty little Japanese raus- j
mee. retxerinp aiong in t-andals or on |
wooden jtta. > a genuine relief to the j
eye after a cietr of the uncomely Ko- \
r«u female, and it is a pleasing re- j
faction that Nippon is slowly but !
surely spreading her standard over .
the hermit realni
• Until Korean boys are married and ]
acquire th<» ;>seudo dignity of the top- \
knot, their hair is worn girl fashion I
in twin plaits down their backs. So
much do they resemble girls that it
is sometimes difficult to determine the
«ex. and on* is oftentimes uncommon
ly surprised to observe wRat he is pos
itive are two ffirls sprawling and j
v:.;ious!y Sshting in a Korean street. — •
Outing.
Charles S. Vose. who thought he saw j
a man resembling Soeder standing ;
under the gas lamp at the corner of I
Union and Taylor streets, to whom the j
excited German appealed for direction I
to Jackson street, failed to identify (
Soeder in the City Prison when he was ]
brought face to face with him yester- •
day. Vose thought that there was sdme j
resemblance between Soeder and the !
man W saw under the gas light, but'
could not identify him positively. |
Another man named Bent was
brought to the prison to identify j
Soeder. His attempt was fruitless. Bent ?
claimed that he once had a fight with j
Soeder and thought that he had seen j
him on the night of the murder. 'Several j
other street car men visited the prison j
and could not identify Soeder as the
man who stood under the gas light at i
the corner of Union and Taylor streets. J
SOEDER WRITES HOME. j
Soeder was allowed to leave his dark j
cell yesterday to write a letter to his <
mother and his sister. He seemed worn '
and haggard, and the drawn lines on <
his face plainly showed the mental f
strain he has undergone since his In- {
carceration. He stated that he wanted
to read the letter which he had refused
to read Wednesday. He said that he
was not afraid to let the police see it, |
and gave as a reason' for not reading!
it when it was given him with the j
other that his eyes were sore from
bis long imprisonment in a dark cell.
••The light so blinded me," he said,
"that it was impossible to read the
second letter. The other contains
nothing that I am afraid that tie
police will see."
Soeder sars Detective Gibson is
hounding him to the gallows.
"There is no doubt," said Gibson,
"that the men saw an excited German
on the night of the murder. They do
not know it was Blaise, and were mere
ly led to believe that it was he because
hf- was a German and excited."
The carmen employed on the Union
street line who claimed that they saw
a man resembling Blaise near Russian
Hill on the night of the murder, and
the carmen who also saw a man whom
they said resembled Soeder standing
under a lamp post at the corner of
Union and Taylor streets, were exam
ined by the police yesterday.
Their statements were discarded by
the police as vague and useless.
Detective Thomas Gibson said last
night that he did not care whether he
found any one who saw Soeder and
Blaise together after they left the Mex
ican restaurant on Broadway. "I will
be ready nest Wednesday, when the
case comes up in the Police Court, to
produce enough evidence to convict the
accused man. I have several little
points which I will spring that will be
eye openers. I have enough evidence
against Soeder to hang him without the
missing link, which we have sought so
hard to get. After he had killed his
brother-in-law Soeder went to his room
on Jackson street and changed the gray
suit he wore for the black one in which
he appeared when he went down to the
O. K. Saloon on Pacific street. He did
not go right into the dance hall on his
arrival at the saloon, but stood under
the archway which leads from the
dance hall int j the saloon and nodded
to Theresa King and another woman In
the place. His object in doing this was
to furnish himself with an alibi, in the
event that he came under the suspicion
of the police. He went out and then
returned to the saloon again and talked
with one of the girls. His attempt to
form an alibi was cunningly planned,
but we have enough evidence to break
it down.
"I find that Blaise and his murderer
did not approach from the north the
place where his body was found, but
walked up the hill on Taylor street
from the south, that is. from Broad
way. The man who dealt Blaise the
death blow walked on his right side,
and when they had reached the lonely
spot under the cliff in the cut, the mur
derer stabbed the victim in the neck."
CANNOT IDENTIFY SOEDER.
Captain Martin refused to discuss
this new and particularly valuable
piece of evidence. The statement
comes from the police, however, that it
wjll do much toward the conviction of
Soeder.
The police are in possession of evi
dence that Joseph Blaise did not know
that Leon Soeder was to be a benefi
ciary In the insurance policies taken out
on his life. He believed that the 56000
policy in the Pacific Mutual Life Insur
ance Company was payable to his wife.
It has been discovered that the $7000
policy applied for in the Hartford In
surance Company was payable to Leon
Soeder unknown to Blaise.
When the two men went to the insur
ance office In this city Soeder told
Blaise that the entire policies would be
made out in the name of Mrs. Blaise
and they were made out that way. A
few days later Soeder induced Blaise
to accompany him to the office of the
insurance companj^— He explained that
it would be necessary for them to go
to the office to see that the policies
were properly issued. On this second
visit Soeder informed the insurance
people that Blaise desired to change one
of the $3000 policies, making It payable
to Leon Soeder.
The Insurance people, suspecting
nothing, allowed the change to be made
as Soeder directed. The police say
this evidence did not come from the in
surance people, but from an outsider
who knew of the taking out of the poli
cies.
IMPORTANT EVIDENCE.
The thirty-first degree of Masonry,
A. and A. S. R. of F. M., was communi
cated last Wednesday evening to a
class of forty-seven at a special ren
dezvous of San Francisco Consistory
Xo. 1 by Prior Harry J. Lask. - Last
night the thirty- second degree was
conferred on them with all the acces
sories appropriate to the occasion by
the following named officers of the con
sistory named, with a complete aux
iliary corps of assistants as command
ants of the standards and command
ants of the tents:
Joseph David Abrams, venerable
master of the kadosh; Harry Joseph
Lask. prior; William Parker Filmer,
sub-prior; Frank Chester Van Schaick.
chancellor; Frank Koenig, minister of
state; William Schuyler Moses, hospi
taler; Robert Edward Allan, primate;
Henry Burner, registrar; Samuel Wolf
Levy, treasurer: George Varcoe, mas
ter of ceremonies: George Filmer, e*x
pert; Andrew Milton Armer, assistant
expert; Antonio Benia'o Scalminlni,
standard bearer: George William Lake,
master of guard; John d'Arcy. tyler;
George Henrv Habel, assistant tyler.
Following are the names of those
who were solicitants for enlistment in
the grand Masonic Army of Sublime
Prince of the Royal Secret: M. S.
Arndt. R. W. Bennett, J. P. Cosgrave,
L. Dillman, B. L. Davis, E. Elkus. A.
G. Erickson. S. J. Eva, G. W. Ferris, C.
D. Fontana, A. Feldenheimer, Charles
Silliman, Louis George, O. H. Hart, M.
C. Harris, Robert Hatch. Henry Jacks,
W. F. H. Koenig, S. S. Kahn. P. C.
Krog, Ben Levi, George W. Lippman,
E. B. Louisson, L. L. Lewis. James
McCarty, J. G. McMillan. John G.
North. J. H. Noonan, "William Peacock,
Asa H. Phelps, H. A. Rauft, George P.
Rupp, Frederick O. Raabe, Emll Ser
vean, J. A. Sorensen, Frank M. Smith,
Louis Straus, F. E. Shafer, S. Stupa
rich. W. A. Saunders, Chris P. Loft.
H. W. Thorp. Robert Wallace, A. J.
Zobel and Isadore Elberg.
The ceremony, sublime in the ex
treme, was followed by a banquet at
the Occidental Hotel, wfiich was par
taken of by 2"5O members of the fra
ternity. The menu cards, designed by
Prior H. J. Lask, were narrow leaves
in a strip of' royal purple ribbon bear
ing- on its face the emblematic cross of
the degree. Joseph David Abrams.
venerable master of the kadosh, was
the toastmaster, and he called upon the
following named to respond to senti
ments: August Louis Ott and Fred H.
J. Rickon of the thirty-third degree
ar.d George Varcoe, Henry I. Kowal
sky, Francis V. Keesling and Julian
Eisenbach of the thirty-second degree.
A large orchestra furnished the music
incidental to the sentiments and re
sponses.
Two Republican aspirants for the
favor of the Republican Convention are
now in the field, and of course both
hail from Marin County. B. B. Mar
tinelli and E. C. Chapman are the can
didates. The latter returned from
Washington, D. C, recently. It is re
ported that he was advised by Califor
nia statesmen at the national capital to
enttr the contest for legislative honors.
It is gossip in political camps that
Judge Angellotti of the State Supreme
Court, who is recognized as a power In
Marin County, is somewhat partial to
Mr. Martinelli's cause. Mr. Chapman
also has the support of influential
friends. It is probable that the nomi
nation of either will be acceptable to
the Republicans of Contra Costa
County. •
The counties of Marin and Contra
Costa comprise the Ninth Senatorial
District under the apportionment • of
1900. The district was formerly known
as the Eleventh. This year it is Marin
County's turn to name .the Republican
nominee. As a rule a good Republican
nomination is equivalent to an election.
Contra Costa had the privilege of se
lecting the nominee at the last election
for State Senator and put forward
Charles M- Belshaw. His Democratic
opponent was James H. "Wilkins of Ma
rin County. Belshaw received in Ma
rin 1234 and in Contra Costa 20S3 votes,
a total of 331". Wilkins secured in
Marin 1396, and in Contra Costa 1616
votes, a total of 3012. At the election
four years prior to the Bel3haw-Wil
kins contest General John H. Dickin
son of Marin, Republican nominee, won
out. 'ii s '^ : £-2.
It is said that State Senator E. I.
"Wolfe is an active aspirant for the
favor of the convention. Charles M.
Shortridge of Santa Clara is ambitious
to serve the State in Congress, and it
would not surprise the politicians to
see him in the fight. Colonel George H.
Peppy, president of the Union League
Club, has many friends in the district
who are advising him to enter the con
test for Republican leadership. The list
of aspirants will increase, rather than
diminish as the campaign progresses'.
San Mateo County may come forward
with a formidable candidate. That
region of country between the metropo
lis and San Jose is the home of states
men, and it is well understood that
Congress is the place for statesmen to
shine. It i? every-day talk in the dis
trict that Mr. Wynn is a one-termer.
CONGRESSIONAL ASPIRANTS.
There are no indication* at the pres
ent time that fusion propositions will
be accepted hereafter by representa
tives of the Union Labor party, who
have been taught by object lessens in
practical politics that fusion gives thf
offlces to the Democratic party and the
glory to the worklngmen.
There is no lack of aspirants for the
Republican nomination in the Fifth.
The good crop of candidates signifies
confidence in party success at the polls.
Some time ago it was ccrmmon rumor
in political circles that Arthur G. Fislc
had the inside position" in the race for
the Republican nomination. His sub
sequent appointment to the office of
Postmaster eliminated his candidacy
for Congress.
The district embraces all that por
tion of San Francisco not included in
the Fourth Congressional District, to
gether with the counties of San Mateo
and Santa Clara. The Legislature, In
order to strengthen the Republican po
sition in the Fourth District and make
Julius Kahn's campaign work some
what lighter, detached two of the solid
Republican Assembly districts from
the Fifth and placed them in the
Fourth Congressional District. It is
said that the changes made in com
mittee room were not understood in
th«* Legislature until the apportion
ment measure had passed both houses
nnd gone to the executive for approval.
According to election tables, the Fifth
was left safely Republican in a
straightaway contest between the two
old parties.
WARY OF FUSION".
There will be an interesting contest
this year in the Fifth Congressional
District. Under the leadership of
Eugene F. Loud the Republicans won
control of the district and retained
possession of the works for many
years. In .the campaign of 1902 a
fusion of the Union Labor and Demo
cratic forces of the district was ef
fected by political strategy, and
"William J. "Wynn. the fusion nominee,
defeated the Republican candidate. It
is gossip in the political camps that the
Republicans will regain the lost
ground at the next general election.
The evening's entertainment closed
with a dance and the affair was voted
one of the most successful ever held,
rvery one bearing in mind that those
present honored the memory of a gal
lar.t eentlexxum and soldier-priest.
To prove that the pontoon bridge was
perfectly erected, the Columbia Park
Boys" Club marched over it, headed by
their band. Then the bridge was
taken down in half the time that It had
consuru.--cl in its erection.
Part two of the programme consisted
of various pleasing military tactics and
drills. The First Rrgiment of the Na
tional Guard, under direction of Colo
nel Thomas O'Neil, gave a military ex
hibition and v-as followed by an intri
cate company drill by the members of
Company A. League of the Cross Ca
dete. The cadets paraded under com
mand of Captain William C. Hopper,
his aids being First Lieutenant P. H.
McCarthy and Second Lieutenant
George G. Thompson. The cadets
moved through the drill with remark
able precision and evoked hearty
plaudit3 from the vast audience.
Company G of the First Regiment of
the National Guard gave one of the
prettiest guard mounts ever witnessed
in the city. To the strains of the mili
tary band of the regiment, the picked
men marched on to the floor of the Pa
vilion under command of Captain W.
L. Wall. Every detail of the guard
mount was gone through with accu
racy, even to the inspection of rifles
and sidearms and the guardsmen pre
sented a natty appearance that won
th*> approval of the audience.
The Columbia Park Boys' Club, un
der command of Major Sydney S.
P^ixotto, turned out in three compa
nies for the memorial benefit, accom
panied by a brass band and drum ami
fife corps. The little fellows were on
their mettle and they challenged com
parison with their elders in military
appearance. The boys gave every de
tail of a dro=s parade in a manner that
caused the most flattering comment.
An exhibition of pontoon bridge
building by a squad of Company G of
the First Regiment of the National
Guard made the hit of the evening.
Under command of Captain Walter S.
Kelly, v.hose aids were First Lieuten
ant John J. O'Keefe and Second Lieu
tenant A. McColloch, the guardsmen
erected a pontoon bridge over an imag
inary river. They rushed around like
beavers hauling: and carrying logs,
ropes ard other implements and put
ting: them in place. In ten minutes the
r^ri'ige v.as completed and when the
stars and stripes were nailed to the top
of the bridge a storm of applause
swopt through the Pavilion.
The grand military entertainment,
¦ hand concert and ball, given last even
ing at the Mechanics' Pavilion for the
! benefit of the fund in memory of the
j Rev. Father W*. D. McKinnon, who
j died in the Philippines while serving in
i the army, v.as a complete success.
Under the auspices of the Catholic
societies of San Francisco, the keenest
' interest was aroused in every section
| of the city, with the result that last
,: night's entertainment was witnessed
t by thousands, the Pavilion being
I crowded to its capacity.
The first portion of the programme
j consisted of a pleasing concert given
! by the First Regiment Infantry Band
of the National Guard, under the direc
tion of Leader George W. Hollister and
the band of the First Regiment League
of the Cross Cadets, Lieutenant Ernest
j "Williams conducting.
The identity of the deceased was es
tablished by a membership card and
»»vera! receipts from Stablemen's
dnSoa No. S760 of this city. Frank
ppst. night stableman at Goldberg.
Bowen & Co.'s stable, said last night
that Kirschfeld had been employed
ther 10 four cr five years. He began
drinking #o excess and was discharged
r few cays ago. He has acted queerly
rtteently and. according to Post, seemed
to be troubled with some mental dis
order.
The tragedy occurred shortly after
<:23 o'clock, a few: minutes after the
train had left the Cliff House terminus
cf th<* road. The engine was in charge
of Engineer S. Burr Smith and Fire
man Joe l^a Fortune. As the train
vts rounding a sharp curve both of
the men in the cab saw a prc-strate
form lyinp across the track about twen-
Ty-five feet ahead. Smith immediately
applied the emergency brakes, but not
before the engine ar.d cars passed over
tie body. The remains were removed
from beneath a rear truck, and it was
found that in addition to the body be
ing terribly macgled the head had been
severed from it. The head was found
e«-veraJ feet distant, alongside the rails.
La Fortune, the fireman, says he saw
ibe man raise his head from the north
ra!U where he "was lying, glance in the
direction of the approaching: train and
then settle himself on the track, await
!t:k hi* fa.te. Engineer Smith corrobo
rates the statement of his fireman. He
declares that he plainly savr the unfor
tunate steady himself in anticipation
of the shock.
Oeorge G. Kirschfeld, a* stableman.
formerly employed by Goldberg. Bowen
& Ccl, erd>d his life yesterday after
noon by deliberately lying across the
track of the California-street steam
line of the United Railroads at a pvrint
about half a mile from Lands End and
awaitir.g the approach of the train, be
neath the wheels cf which he rr.et in
etant <J-?ath.
Large Number of Solicitants
Arc Placed on Roll of Army of
Prince of the Royal Secret
ing and Enjoy Military
Drills and Grand Concert
Thousands Throng Big Build-
Head Rolls From Rail as From
Guillotine Block and Body Is
Found Under a Roar Truck
Murdered Man Ignorant of
Fact That Total Sum Was Not
to Be Paid to His Spouse
FORTY - SEVEN IN CLASS
WHEELS PASS OVER HIM
SUPERB PROGRAMME GIVEN
DOCUMENTS ARE CHANGED
Blaise Did Xot Know Brother
in-law "Was a Bencficiary
in the Insurance Policies
Bepnblican Forces Will Wage
an Active Contest to Win
Back Congressional District
BATTLE SIGNS
IN THE FIFTH
Most Sublime Ceremony Takes
Place in Commodious 'Com
mandery Hall of the Temple
i Benefit Entertainment Takes
Place at Pavilion to Raise
I Money for Proposed Memorial
One group of twenty-four friends,
calling itself the Colonial Bowling
Club, will assemble at the clubrooms
for a jolly game on the second and
fourth Tuesdays of each month. Those
present last Tuesday evening were:
Mr. and Mrs. William T. Sesnon, Mr.
and Mrs. Charles C. Moore. Mr. and
Mrs. Heber Tilden. Mr. and Mrs.
Charles Deering. Mr. and Mrs. Poin
dexter. Dr. and Mrs. Hill. Mr. and Mrs.
IL 1. Bentley. Mr. and Mrs. Hugo Kail,
Mr. and Mrs. Harry Chase. . Miss
Hayes. Judge Frank Kerrigan and
Fred Michael.
Another little clique of eighteen
couples comprise th<» Wednesday
nishters. headed by Mr. and Mrs. J. S.
Andrews of 2*2CC Broadway. They will
havH a series of ten parties at the
clubrooms. bowling onc«j a week from
S:30 to 11 o'clock, after which a supper
is to be served in thp banquet-room by
one of the interested couples. The
hosts of last Wednesday night were
Mr. ar.d Mrs.- Andrews and Mr. and
Mrs. L,. C. I>?e. The others in the
party were: Mr. and Mre. W. D. Fen
nimore. Mr. and Mrs. James Irvine.
Mr. and Mrs. H. D. Morton. Mr. and
Members of the Jefferson Square Club
and their wives are forming themselves
into little clubs for bowling— a wheel
within a wheel, as it were — and many
delightful affairs will be on the tapis
for lovers of this sport during the win
ter months at the clubrooms.
Tickets for the Naval Clubhouse en
tertainment on February 3 will be on
sale at Crocker's stationery store. Post
street, until the 27th, after which they
will be found at Sherman & Clay's.
Mrs. John G. 3arker was hostess yes
terday at a luncheon at the Colonial
Hotel. Carnations of pink and red
were used in decoration, intertwined
with red tulle. The table was graced
with Dink blossoms and pink shaded
candelabra.
After luncheon, "five hundred" —
which, by the way. is now a close sec
ond to "bridge" in popularity — was
played.
Mrs. Barker's guests were: Mrs. T.
A. Crellin, Mrs. M. R. Higgins, Mrs.
Harry George. Mrs. A. L. House, Mrs.
W. A. Bryan. Mrs. G. Knight White,
Mrs. C. L. Rhodes, Mrs. Clinton Jones.
Mrs. George Gale, Mrs. F. F. Bostwick.
Mrs. Charles R. Havens, Mrs. John
Kline. Mrs. A. L. Coombs. Mrs. J. H.
Sibley. Mrs. T. D. Riordan. Miss C.
Huff. Miss M. Huff, Mrs. Bush Fennel!.
Mrs. W. W. Griffin. Mrs. John R. Wood,
Mrs. George S. Richardson.
Mrs. John F. Swift. Mrs. Xorris and
Miss Bailey received informally yester
day, when a host of friends called to
bid adieu to Mrs. Swift, who goes East
in a few days. Assisting the hostess
were Mrs. Horace Davis. Mrs. Henry
Wetherbee. "Mrs. L. L. Baker, Mrs.
James Monroe Goewey, Mrs. David
Bixler. Miss Hazel King. Miss Gertrude
Jolliffe. Miss Margaret Mee, Miss Elsie
Tallant. Miss Alice Sullivan, Miss
Emily Parks and Miss Boyd.
The following guests were present:
Mrs. John D. Spreckels Jr.. Miss Ethel
Hager. Hiss Mabel Cluff. Miss Jennie
Blair. Miss Bessie Wilson. Miss Con
stance de Young. Miss Helen de Young,
Clarence Follis, Ed Tobin, Edward M.
Greenway, Addison Mizner, William
H. Smith. George Field. John D.
Spreckels Jr. *
* • •
Hiss Pearl Landers was hostess at a"
charming dinner last night at her home
on Octavia street In honor of the
muchly feted Miss duff and John C.
Wilson, her handsome fiance. CWhy
shouldn't the groom-to-be have a few
nice things said about him?)
Miss Landers is by grace of nature a
charming hostess, chic, vivacious and
clever, and her affairs always go off
with a zest. Daffodils, so popular now
at the first breath of spring, were used
for the table, with dainty yellow
shades.
The dance of the Gayety Club at the
Pomeroy home last night was one of
the "gayest" of the season. Distinctly
a young folks' affair, there -was an ab
sence of that bane of the ballroom, the
solemn wallflower./
The figures of the cotillon were ar
ranged with the forethought of fun
making and the attemptswere decided
ly not in vain; the favors for the fig
ures tvere^ original and distinctive,
which is something Xo be desired in our
too imitative day. Miss Powroy gives
promise of being one of the cleverest
young hostesses in the city. And there
are rather a few who have acquired the
art. And art it is.
Ueor^rc <J. Hirschfeld Lies on
Kail road Track and Awaits
Train Coming; Around Curve
GUARDSMEN AID
M'KINNON FOND
CHOOSES SURE
MODE OF DEATH
NEW EVIDENCE
AGAINST SOEDER
MASONS GIVEN
HIGH DEGREE
GAYETY DANCE
GIVEN AT HOME
OF DEBUTANTE
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL. FRIDAY. JANUARY- .-22.. 1904.
Gas heaters." formerly $4.50. now $2.50.
at San Francl3co Gas and Electric Com
pany. 415 Post street. > ¦. • •
The second of the course of Lane
popular lectures will be given to-night
by Professor Frank Angell. professor
of . psychology in Stanford University.
at Cooper Medical .College. His sub
ject will be "Sleep and Dreams."
Second "Lane Lecture.
Representative James Kennedy of I
Toungstown. Ohio, has been taking
liberties with his boyhood friend. Rep
resentative ; Hogr of Colorado. -Desir
ing to introduce Mr. Hosts: to Repre
sentative Hedge of Iowa Mr. Kennedy
led his friend around to tha Iowan's
desk. "Hedge— Hogg." was his la
conic exclamation as the two met.—
Xew York Tribune.
An Appropriate Introdnction.
The sixth number of the star bourse
of concerts under the auspices of the
Young Men's Christian Association
will be given this evening- in the audi
torium of that organization by the
Blanchardand Venter Company, includ
ing Waldemar Llr.d. violinist; Carrie
Brown Dexter, soprano; Carrie Fros3-
SnydQXV reader; Estelle . Reynolds
Drummond, pianist, and " J. F. Veaco,
Sixth V. M. C. A. Concert.
The (irmle Sister of Korea.
ASPIRANTS IX THE FIELD
Gossip That Fusion With Demo
crats Will Not Be Acceptable
to the Union Labor Leaders
7
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Emm
STARTLING
DISCOVERY
ANEWCURETO PRO-
(LONG LIFE.
_
Made From the Fruit of
1
'Stops All Wastes by Feeding
the Nerves.
REVITALIZES THE BLOOD
Cures Dyspepsia, Indigestion
and Stomach Troubles.
I
| A GREAT TEST TO BE MADE
IN SAN FRANCISCO, CAL
! 10,000 Bottles to Be Given Avay
From the Office of the
S. F. Examiner.
THIS FREE DISTRIBUTION BEOTIS t
O'CLOCK SATURDAY MORNING,
JANUARY 23.
-
| TO the i«d!tor of the San Francisco Br-
| • am'ir.er: Havir.s discovered a new
! remedy which I believe will re volution -
; Isp the practice of medlelse. I must earn-
I ask that you assist me In its Intro-
j ducticn by announcing: a free distrtbu-
: tk>n from a newspaper office.
I want the public to know the trutH —
: kr:ovr it as I kr.ow it.
I believe there is a cure for ever?- di*-
; ease — I believe t'iat huniaa life can b»
| prolonged — I beli-ve thr;* people «hou!4
| dip only from old age. and I also believe
; and know that zay Paw Paw reinedr icut
: not cr.l" relieve rnvc-h suffering, but add
; nxasj- years ta the aver.i^e life.
In my opinion dyspepsia and indig»«-
¦ tion are the cause cf most ailment!*. In-
digestion mear3 nervousr.*?s. nlerpless-
| n»«s. Impure b!ood. catarrh, sluirgish
; liver, kidney ard heart affections. " Nf>
| person can be happy — no person can see
\ the beauties of life and enjoy Its p!?as-
i tires, who suffers from any form of
| stomach trouble.
An eminent actor called my attention
I to the WOlMtaCjrnl ben«f t he had darived
j from eatins the Paw Paw fruit, telling
t me that it hatl vns.de almost a new stom-
| ach for him. I began to experiment
I with this frail and found it to be a most
i powerful aid to digestion.
I have taker. th» medicinal quaJltie* of
; this fruit and combined it with other
! medicaments and hav» made a prepara-
| tion which is called "MUNTOXS PAW
PAW.'
I cannot recommend this remedy ton
j highly "for all forms of Indigestion and
; nervousness. This remedy also act*'
I wonderfully well on the liver, blood and
[ kidneys, but I believe ita greatest office
| is In its marvelous effect upon the stom-
; ach acd ctrves. It is really a nerve food
| and vitallzer. :'¦* .':
It sives exhilaration without intoxica-
i tion. It does what whisky nor beer can-
f not do. It relieves the nerve tension. It
j stimulates every fiber and puts irtta act-
i ive force every tissue of the body. It
j lifts one into the altitude of hope and
| holds him there. It is a bridge th3t en-
| ables the weak and sickly to cross dan-
j gerous places. It f*eds and nourishes
I the nerves, so that tne blood corpuscles
| will be constantly revitalized, and the
[ losses of the vital forces will be almost
j imperceptible. In other words, it will
supply a sufficient quantity of life mat-
ter to take the place of the waste.
-Instead of irritating the nerves and
stomach it soothes and . strengthens
them.
Almost every human being some tim->.
requires a stimulant. XOT AN ALCO-
j HOLIC STIMULANT, not a stimulant
j that will buoy him up for a moment and
j then cast him down to lower depths of
I depression, but a. stimulant that will
j give an abiding strength and lasting
j force.
My Paw Paw aids the stomach to di-
gest hearty foods, and to make good,
rich blood, which again in tarn, strength-
ens the nerve*, vitalizing all the tissues,
and soon produces muscle, tissue, bone.
It la my opinion that the clergymen In
thi3 country could do no greater service
to the cause of temperance than to ad-
vocate the general use of my Paw Paw.
for by its use drunkenness would be
lessened and the morals acd health cf
the community greatly improved.
A wife whose husband is addicted ia
•Ir inking can do nothing better for her-
self or family than to get a bottle of this
Pav.- Paw. and whenever her husband
feels the need of a tonic give him a ta-
blespoonfur of Paw Paw. She will find
that he will soon lose all cravings for
strong drinks — that his appetite will
soon become natural; that his nervous-
ness and longing for excitements will
j disappear, and he will be perfectly satis-
i f.ed without alcoholic stimulants and
harmful beverages.
I have so much confidence in this
remedy that I propose distributing trial
bottles free from the leading newspap«r
offices throughout the country. I want
everybody to try It. feeling confident
that it will bring relief and happiness.
Trusting you will aid me In this in-
vestigation. I b«g to remain.
Tours faithfully.
J. M. HUSTON.
Professor Munyon ha» adopted the
t-ame method of Introducing this remedy
that has characterized the introduction
of all bis other remedies — by distribut-
ing free samples from the leading news-
paper offices, and inviting the public to
make a thorough test and then report the
results through the columns of tne
newspapers.
We cheerfully open the columns of our
paper to this investigation, and hope
that every person " suffering wi£h any
nerve cr stomach trouble will give this
remedy a careful test.
This free distribution will begin Sat-
urday. January 23. at 9 o'clock a. m.. at
the office of the San Francisco Examiner.
/gg^J)EWEr.5TftCiH6 &C0^gg^>
iv .ti
MARKET ST. SI.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CLOTHING NEWS
Special for Friday, Saturday and All Next Week
S10.00 . t» jj a
: j CL-^ en>s "Ro^s-Made" Single and Double Breasted
j AU-VVool Blue and Black Cheviot Suits — also Single -
! Breasted Fancy Tweeds .
I S10.00 and S12.50 Values Reduced to $8.50
ROOS BROS.
. K^EAR N Y AT POSTAuditor Harry Baehr has announced wilh every demon
stration of conviction that a majority of our Civil Service
Commission are crooks and schemers. The. Auditor seems
to be in a position to know what the public, because of
inadequate information, is able only to suspect. It is
better late than never, however, to strengthen a suspicion
into a certainty.
The guardians of the exhibit of the State Board of
Trade in the ferry building are much perturbed over
the persistent theft of good wines appropriately displayed
to the longing eyes of visitors. Perhaps the thieves have
taken too literally the injunction not to look upon the
wine when it was red. and have put as much as possible of
it out of sight.
A Colorado tramp was sentenced a few days ago to im
prisonment for life for wrecking a passenger train. It is
to be hoped that the wretch will suffer a worthless, re
morseful existence far longer than that allotted to ordi
nary men. His punishment should be made worse' than
death ' » " '
To celebrate the fiftieth anniversary
of the establishment of the archdiocese
of California the Monitor, the local
Catholic organ, has issued a Jubilee
edition which nearly approaches mag
azine proportions both as to size, the
excellence of its reading matter and
typographical make-up. *It is designed
as a complete resume of the work
which has been done in the church
since Archbishop Alemany became head
of the new archdiocese of San Fran
cisco fifty years ago.
The leading article of the Jubilee edi
tion is a lengthy review of the history
of the church both in this and in neigh
boring dioceses, of .he educational in
stitutions, the charitable i institutions
and the religious orders which , have
The Jubilee Monitor.
The cheapest postal, service in the
world is that of Japan, where letters
arc conveyed all qyer the empire, for
two sen — about seven-tenths r .of --a
penny. This is the more wonderful
considering the difficulties of trans
port over a mountainous and irregular
country, which has less than 100 miles
of railway, while wagons can pass over
1 only a few of the chief roads and the
j steamers connect but a small number
Japan's Postal Service.
A NAME— C. H., City. If a man is
kne-wn by a name that is not. his own.
has been going by that name for years
and he desires to be known by his
right name he should consult an at
torney In order to present the matter
in the Superior Court so that he may
in the future be known by the name
he desires.
NORMAL. SCHOOL— A. O. S. Stu
dents are admitted to the Normal
School on the following credentials: 1—
Any one who Is a graduate of a High
School; 2 — any one holding a valid
teacher's certificate; 3 — any one holding
credentials showing the equivalent of a
High School training; 4— any one who
is able to pass an examination In the
subjects required for graduation from
an accredited High School of California
In any one course.
Townsend's California glace frutts and
candies. 50c a pound. In artistic flre
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market st.. ibore Call bid*. •
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by th»
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone M»hr ZM& *
The alacrity with which the Dominion Government
has pressed its searching inquiry into the wreck of the
steamer Clallam should be an object lesson to American
authorities. If a few of our train wrecks and ship dis
asters were made the basis for criminal prosecution of
train men and ship officers we would have fewer acci
dents on sea or land.
REPORTERS— Subscriber, City. There
is no record of the number of reporters
in San Francisco. The Call and other
large papers employ from twenty to
twenty-five. The register of voters
shows 145 journalists, but not a report
er. Twenty-three are registered as ed
itors.
A Lassie's Lament.
Are the long green billows still beating
the shore?
Does the wild heather bloom as of yore?
Does- the sea still moan in its ruric
rune?
Ah! laddie, let "me come home to you
soon:
I'm tired of the fuss and the fashion of
Dublin town—
My lord's green coat and my lady's
gown.
I long for the Galway heath and the
Galway moon. . ¦ :•:.;>
Ah! laddie, let me come home to you
soon !
For rather by far in a cot by the sea
I spend out my life with a lad like ye
To roam wrth my lover o'er lowland and
dune.
Ah! laddie, let me come home to you
soon. — Paul Da Shay.
THE persistent teachings of Booker Washington, his
remarkable capacity for statement and the practi
cal results of his philosophy among the negroes
are beginning to influence members of his race who are
are not under his immediate care at Tuskegee. In
Georgia there is the Schoficld Normal and Industrial
School for negroes. From its name we conclude that it
is a private endowment, and not a public or State insti
tution. This school issues a periodical bulletin, by which
one may keep in touch with its work and purposes. The
last issue gives notice of a coming farmers' conference of
the negro farmers of the region, and publishes a platform
in the form of a pledge and working plan for the mem
bers of that race, as a means of material and moral
progress. :h*
Those who have heard Booker Washington will appre
ciate in this pledge the hold that his views have taken
upon his people. It declares: "Realizing that our man
ner of living acounts for our present condition, we
pledge ourselves from this time forth:
; "1. To do away with the mortgaging of our crops or
stock, living on credit system, buying unnecessary arti
cles of wear, and the expenditure of money for intoxica
ting liquors, etc.
"2. To raise our food supplies at home, such as corn,
potatoes, peas, hogs, syrup, 'chickens, etc., and to put
more dignity and labor into the soil, whether owners,
renters, share-croppers, or wage hands.
"3. To extend the two and three months'- school term
to five or six months, thus affording our children better
opportunities to prepare themselves for a living. ' We
shall use every effort to unite the several schools in our
district to a central point, secure the services- of God-
RULES FOR WHITE AND BLACK.
The skeleton of a man who, according to the opinion
of consulting physicians, must have been at least eleven
feet tall during his interesting earthly 'career, has been
found in Nevada. It must be refreshing to the worthy
people of the Silver State to know that at some time,
even prehistoric, there was at least one big man within
the borders of the State before Sam Davis. *
NEWSPAPERS— Subscriber, City.
According to Rowell's Newspaper Di
rectory the number of newspapers pub
lished in the United States and Canada
Is 21,451. Of this number 958 are Cana
dian publications.
FROM HORATIUS— A. S., Oakland.
Cal. "Quod satis est, qul contingit, nthil
amplius optet" is Latin, from Horatius.
Ep. I, 2, 46, and means, "Let him wh<>
is blessed with a competence wish for
nothing more." ..-..'-- ,
Several continental nations have indicated an emphatic
desire to have the export duty removed on hemp from
the Philippine Islands. While there is very little ques
tion that great quantities of this commodity are still
needed in our South Sea possessions we should certainly
remove the duty and permit our European friends to have
all they want as cheaply as possible. We will possibly
be saved the use of much of it by giving them the first
chance.
Armed with the awful example of the secretary of the
Regents of the University of California, President
Wheeler counseled the Berkeley students a few days ago
not to gamble on the races under penalty of dire conse
quences to themselves. Dr. Wheeler might have added
in modest truth that the wagering of money on the race
track is not gambling at all, but robbery, to which the
victim submits in blind willingness.
TRANSPORTS — Subscriber. Del
Monte, Cal. For such information as
you desire relative to the transport ser
vic3 address a communication to Trans
port Depot, U. S. A., San Francisco.
Cal.
THE ALMSHOUSE — Subscriber.
City. The Almshouse in San Francisco
is dista. '. It an air line one and a quar
ter miles from the main c ive in Golden
Park.
McKcnna's Reply.
Here Is a yarn that Melvin Chap
man, the well-known lawyer and ex-
Mayor of Oakland, tells of the late At
torney George, W. Tyler and Joseph
McKenna, the latter now one of the
Justices of the United States Su
preme. Court.
Tyler once went to Fairfield, Cal., to
argue a demurrer to a complaint. Mc-
Kenna was attorney for the plaintiff.
After Tyler had talked to the court
for two weary hours McKenna, in that
gentle manner for which he has al
ways been famous, suggested that he
thought "Counsel had failed utterly to
discuss the essential features of the
matter." Tyler retorted in his gruff
est tones: "Mr. McKenna, what you
don't know about law — and what I
don't "know — would fill a very large
volume." Suavely but instantly the
little gentleman restorted: "Yes, Judge
Tyler, and that is the work from
which you have been quoting all
morning."
IMMIGRATION— Enq., City. The
immigration to the .United States in
1903 was 857,946, being 207,303 In
excess of the previous year.
Anszvcrs to Queries.
Cr.nosity.
A well-known newspaper man is
imbued ' with the belief that he can
make a fortune in hen culture. He
has a ranch in the country within easy
access of the city, where his family
resides. His son, a boy about 5 years
of age, whose bump of inquisitiveness
is very fully developed for one so
young, sought to learn something
about hen culture from his grand
father recently while at the ranch.
While the old gentleman was en
joying a smoke on the porch the lit
tle'fellow climbed on his knee and
began: "Say, grandpa, do hens make
their eggs?"
"Why, certainly," replied the old
gentleman.
"Just the same as a boy. makes a
ball when his papa won't buy him
one?"
"Oh, no; not exactly that way."
"Do they put the yellow in first and
then cover it with white?"
"Don't bother me with such ques
tions," testily replied the old gentle
man. "You will know all about it
when you grow up." He rose from
his seat and walked away, but the in
quisitive youngster ran after him and
put the finishing touches on by ask
ing: "Say, who sews the covers on
'em?" Then he fled to a place of
safety.
IT seems that the prompt action of the United States
in making a treaty with China by which the ports of
Mukden and Antung in Manchuria are to be opened
to our commerce has stirred the wrath of Russia. Press
reports credit Admiral Alexieff with the statement that
Russia looks upon this action of the United States as an
unfriendly move, and he admits that it upsets all of his
calculations. He further goes on to state, through his
secretary, that the United States committed a grave in
discretion in not first asking the permission of the Rus
sian Government to make the commercial treaty with
China. The cause for Russia's interest in the matter he
naively puts thus: "Orders were given six months ago,"
says the admiral through his mouthpiece, "to evacuate
Newchwang and Manchuria, provided the Chinese would
agree to simple terms; but owing to the intrigues of the
Japanese Minister with the Wai Wu Pu (Chinese Foreign
Board), these orders were countermanded." ,
It looks very much as if the keen diplomacy of Secre
tary Hay had at .last forced Russia to show her hand.
After these many months of devious diplomatic squirm
ings, postponements, statements and counter-statements
meaning nothing and leading nowhere, the Government
of the Czar announces that it looks upon insistence by
this country upon open ports in Manchuria with grave
concern. This in fine is the statement on the part of
Russia that China has lost all right to any jurisdiction in
Manchuria. The action of this Government has led Rus
sia to make the tardy statement that the policy of "hands
off" now obtains in this part of the empire of China. Rus
sia is at last officially disclosed as the arbiter of affairs in
Manchuria, if not the actual master.
But the test of Russia's assumption is yet to come.
Acting upon the seemingly manifest fact that China still
exercises sovereignty over Manchuria, the administration
at Washington has seen fit to conclude with the Emperor
of China a treaty of commerce which affects the trade
status of two of China's ports. China certainly entered into
the treaty under the conception that she had the right to
make agreements affecting these two ports. Wherein
then lies the assumption, on the part of Russia of the
authority to consider this agreement between two sov
ereign powers in the light of an unfriendly act? No
treaty for the cession of Manchuria to Russia has been
signed by China; neither has Russia announced that Man
churia is hers by right of conquest. It now remains to
be seen whether or not Russia will care to make objec
tion to our acquisition of trade rights. If so the situation
is likely to become quite interesting.
RUSSIA IS DISPLEASED.
Helps for Home Ills.
BY MART TAYLOR-ROSS.
(Household Expert.)
Copyright. 1904. by Joeeph B. Bowles.
Among the several accomplishments,
trades and professions which belong to
the many - sided housekeeper is a
knowledge of what is best to do in
cases of emergency, to save present
suffering, or to prevent a serious out
come in the small ills of life that come
to every household.
First in importance is a preparation
for accidents. They may not happen for
a year — they may come within a day —
one cannot know, and the only safe
way is to be prepared.
Supplies that will prove useful in
such an emergency are rolls of band
ages, of various widths, made from
sections of old sheets, washed very
clean, torn into strips and rolled very,
very tight. A jar of borated gauze,
for doing up small wounds as well as
large, will lessen the chances of con
tamination and blood poisoning. Rolls
of absorbent cotton can be purchased
in a pasteboard carton that opens like
a box of biscuits, and which will last
an ordinary family for some months.
Use a bit of this instead of a powder
puff for baby, and throw it away, using
a fresh piece every time. This can be
bought from 25 cents up, according to
the width of the cotton. A supply of
court plaster comes in a long tin box*
in which it will keep perfectly until
used. Narrow strips of this, used to
draw together the edges to a long, or a
deep cut, after the wound has been
well washed out in warm water would
save many a child from an ugly scar.
Use a bit of the absorbent cotton for
washing out the wound, instead of a
sponge — always of doubtful cleanliness.
The few times that adhesive plaster
would be used in a lifetime hardly
makes it necessary to keep a supply on
hand, for a physician always carries
some about with him. Select the court
rlaster that is on silk, for this is finest
and best for dressing wounds. A bot
tle of carbolic acid for use in the
water with which a wound is washed
completes the supplies for accidents,
unless one includes a bottle of per
oxide of hydrogen, which, however, de
teriorates, and is best bought in very
small quantities.
For burns (external) there are many
good remedies, but one that Is apt to
j be at hand, and is mc-st efficacious, is
alcohol— pure alcohol. Cider vinegar is
another remedy for burns, and every
one is familiar with soda moistened
with water that is so often used to
alleviate the pain of a burn. A bottle
of sweet oil and lime is kept on hand
in many homes, and a small bottle of
collodion will be found of great ser
j vice in relievlne the sting of the small
: burns that are so irritating to tired
j nerves, whether of a child or a busy
j housewife. Burns that are serious —
I those that affect the true or under skin
as well as the surface cuticle — should
have the attention of a physician, for
home treatment is not adequate, and
what seems like a very, small burn may
prove very troublesome. The writer
has known a burn less than an inch
j in diameter to remain sore for months,
and require frequent dressing to pre
vent blood poisoning.
For neuralgia, cramps and such ills
as seem to call for the application of
heat the hot water bottle may be used
or a pair of hop pillows or sacks of salt,
heated one after the other and applied
to the seat of pain. Better than any
of these and holding its heat better
than even a hot water bottle is a bag
of sand. When one visits, the beach a
sack of sand should be gathered and
taken home, then filled' into the soft
bag of flannel (outing flannel), which
may be placed on a pan and set in the
small hot oven of the kitchen range
to bake. For cold beds at night dur
ing the winter these sand bags will
be found most comfortable. When one
is in a great hurry to apply heat the
Ftove lid from one of the back stove
j holes can be slipped into the leg of
! an old stocking, wrapped a little more
i and applied to t^ie seat of the pain.
This is Quick and effectual. If the
time is summer and artificial heat not
at hand, an ordinary lamp chimney
after the lamp has been lighted for ten
or fifteen minutes will be found as hot
as can be borne, even when wrapped
in an old stocking. This is especially
good for a baby, being light in weight.
Some of our public-spiftted citizens have begun a
campaign to secure a world's fair for San Francisco in
1913. Our splendid experience wjth such an exposition
is absolute guarantee of our ability to conduct a larger
and better one, and the many thousands of Americans
who have been our guests in recent years can give ample
testimony that no city deserves more than ours the dis
tinction of being a world's emporium.
Canal Digging Machinery.
BT MALCOLM McDOWELU
lAuthcr • - £hou Talk on the Wonders of the
Craft*.")
_ Copyright. 1904. by Joseph B. Bowles.
Machinery, not men, will dig the isth
mian canal. There will be some skilled
engineers and mechanics, and sev
eral thousand muckers, hoboes and la
borers, but they will simply be the at
tendants upon the huge excavating and
handling mechanisms, which will fairly
eat their way through rock, clay,
muck, sand or whatever material
makes ui> the isthmus which connects
the two Americas.
There probably was never a Treater
variety of solid matter tackled- by
canal builders than confronted the con
tractors who built Chicago's great
combination ship and drainage canal.
'ihe engineers bunched the several kinds
of materials into two general classes—
polid rock and glacial drift. But if
there was any kind of mean, obdurate,
elusive, hard-to-manage, money-losing,
disappointing, obstinate, machinery
breaking, impassable material which
failed to get into the glacial drift be
tween Chicago and the Lockport end of
the canal the contractors couldn't find
it.
But there were a number of wide
awake, pushing contractors on the
work. They were not afraid to
•¦plunge" on expense if there was any
likelihood that the money spent for
special machinery to handle the hetero
geneous aggregation of solid material
would give them a device which would
handle the material at a profit-making
cost. The result was a number of ex
cavating and material handling equip
ments of such novel construction that
engineers came from all parts of the
¦world to study the modern methods of
excavation developed by the contrac
tors on the Chicago drainage canal.
Those methods and devices will cut
the channel which will make islands of
the American continents, for the;a is
r.o material in Panama or Nicaragua,
solid or fluid, between the 'two oceans
which cannot be handled for the mini
mum of coEt with the maximum of at
tainment by the steam shovels, dry
excavator?, conveyors, huge plows, air
drills, channeiers. cable ways, canti
lever conveyors, high power and re
volving derricks, inclined ways, gran
ulators, pneumatic dumps, hydraulic
dredges and other forms of rock-cut
ting, earth -digging, sand-sucking ma
chinery which cut through the divide
that kept Lake Michigan from running
dry into the Mississippi Valley.
American engineers who viewed the
Panama cut when the French com
pany was "excavating it commented on
the inadequ-'tte machinery employed.
One of them remarked: "Thev sim
ply 6kinned the face of the work."
What he meant was that the machin
ery did not handle large masses in a
large -way.
In the last ten years American in
genuity brought into play on the Chi
cago drainage canal has so developed
the excavating machinery which was
modern in even' sense of the word a 1
decade ago that it is probable the
Panama or Nicaragua canal will be
built well within the present esti
mates of cost.
The first machines used on the Chi
cago canaf were the plows, slushera
and "wheel scrapers which railroad
contractors use on earth work. Then
came a grader, which was a com
bination of an immense breaking plow
attached to a wheeled running gear.
A revolving apron, driven by the run
ning gear, carried the plowed up earth
upward and dumped it into a wagon,
which followed the machine. When
this wagon was full an empty wagon
was driven under the apron and filled.
Sixteen horses hauled this grader,
and some of the machines excavated
and lifted 100 cubic yards of earth
an hour.
Then came the steam shovels — huge
dippers that bit out two and one-half
cubic yards of dirt every time the
ponderous beam crowded the gigan
tic dipper into the earth. There was
nothing particularly novel about these
Fhovels, except their size, and some of
them were the largest and most pow
erful ou the face of the earth. These
shovels dipped up sand, earth, the
preat bowlders which the glacier left
behind, blasted rock, cemented gravel
and bowlder clay. Anything and
everything that happened to be in the
way was jroujred out and lifted into
the dump cars or spilled out on the
*ide of the cut- Some of the steam
shovels weighed seventy-two tons
each. Over fifty of these ponderous
machines were at work at one time
' the channel.
An original device which attracted
much attention was a conveyor, which
worked in connection ¦with one of the
largest plows ever made. It was made
in the lorm of a bridge, which span
ned the channel and which carried an
endless steel belt 1300 feet long. This
Lett was made up of four- foot panlike
sections, which traveled in a metal
.xottgh that lay across the bottom of
<*?« cut. A hoisting engine dragged
«ae great double end plow,, buck and
forth. ~nd the plowed up material
fell into the steel pans, which car
ried it across and up th« steep in
t !lne. dumping it on the "spoil" bank.
The pneumatic dumps, which were
ii distinct novelty less than nine years
ii so. ' promise to play an important
part in the excavation of the isthmian
<anaJ. . They were dump cars which
dumped over the Bide. The cars, when
filled, wew made Into a train and a
small but "powerful l->comotive pushed
risen from obscurity to the thriving
situations which they hold to-day.
There is a historical review of the old
Missions which includes some little
known facts concerning the Mission
Dolores and Mission San Rafael.
Unique cuts of ancient documents, the
writings of priests long since dead, add
to the interest of the text.
An article which will be of general
interest to all, without reference to re
ligious convictions, is that upon the
pious fund, a decision upon which was
recently handed down by The Hague
tribunal.
A Word From IV. C. T. V.
The following bit of irony comes
from the National American Woman
Suffrage Association:
The women of Denver may explain
and protest as long as they please, but
the more the matter is discussed the
more evident does it become that the
climax .of political corruption ha3 been
discovered in Colorado, and to Miss
Elizabeth McCracken and the Outlook
belongs the credit of discovering it.
Colorado, as we all know, is one of
those God-forsaken States where wo
men are not classed with "idiots, luna
tics, minors and criminals," but have
all the rights of citizens. Naturally we
should expect such a State to furnish
some crowning instance of political
corruption and Colorado has not dis
appointed us.
A certain woman candidate, name
not given, has been found guilty of
winning votes by being kind. She was
a kind woman by nature and when she
became a candidate for office she act
ually kept on being kind and her kind
ness won votes for her.
. The case calls for comment, but
where in the English language can
words be" found that will accurately
describe and fittingly condemn such a
degree of political depravity?
We are familiar with the spectacle of
the man candidate who buy3 votes
with whisky and boodle, so familiar
with it. indeed, that it makes little im
pression on us and nobody seems to
care whether the offender Is punished
or not. But when it comes to a woman
candidate getting votes by being kind
the offense is one that stirs the blood
of the most apathetic citizen and rouses
him to indignant protest.
Two years ago the National Ameri
can Woman Suffrage Association asked
that a Congressional committee be ap
pointed to Investigate the workings of
woman suffrage. Let us have that com
mittee at once and let Colorado be the
first State Investigated. Meanwhile, is
there not in our present Congress
some patriotic man who will immor
talize himself by introducing: "A Bill
to Prevent Women Candidates in Colo
rado from Being Kind? "
LIDA CALVERT OBENCHAIN.
x -r rHEN Mr. Bryan returned from Europe he held
\ A / a reception in New York. That was right.
¦ » Fresh from the contrast between his own coun
try and those he had visited, he made a speech in which
he lauded the United States as the land of best opportu
nity, greatest freedom, and in all ways the most desir
able. He had been abroad and returned a good Ameri
can, uttering frankly the results of his observations and
comparisons.
The speech was so different from his usual pessimism
that it would make a good Republican- campaign docu
ment. The Goddess of Liberty must have felt like bow
ing her acknowledgments to Mr. Bryan for at last saying
a good word for her. The speech was so marked in its
indorsement of existing conditions that Mr. Bryan's
Eastern friends took it as a sort of formal withdrawal
from politics, since it presented the country as doing so
well that no party can make headway by advocating a
change. But those who lotted on Mr. Bryan long re
maining in the attitude of approval of his country are
disappointed. A few days after his New York speech,
he was invited to a Democratic banquet at New Haven,
where he made a speech that is in startling contrast to
the one in New York.
In New Haven he- found the common people under the
heel of wealth. He viewed with alarm, rang the tocsin,
raised his voice for his oppressed countrymen and against
the oppressors, and issued such a despairing prospectus
as would turn back the. immigrants that are pouring into
New York, if they could read it. He declared that the
century long struggle of our people for liberty has not
yet been crowned with success. He held that struggle
up and looked at it, and striking an attitude of the most
energetic oratory, asked: "Will it win? As the martyrs,
who eighteen hundred years ago, kneeling in prayer
while hungry beasts devoured them, invoked a power
mightier than the legions of Rome, to-day the same, it is
not only possible but necessary to appeal to that moral
sentiment which when aroused will prove more potent
than the purse."
Now, what does all that mean? What happened in a
few days between New York and New Haven to change
this fcom the best country in the world to one in which
we must sit down and look at people at prayer being
eaten raw by wild beasts, and admit that we are like
unto them?
There was not much change in the weather, nor in
stocks nor in prices. What then changed us, in the
twinkling of an eye, from a prosperous and happy -people
into martyrs served a la carte to lions and tigers and
other members of the cat family? On Friday night,
seen from New York, we were the happiest people on
earth, enjoying equality of opportunity, cheerfully pay
ing for the Christmas presents our wives had put in our
stockings; but on the following Monday, without a rag
to our backs, we were asked to think about the legions
of Rome, and compared to those who used the prayer
cure in vain when it came time to feed the menagerie.
Some suspect that in that brief space Mr. Bryan con
cluded to become a Presidential candidate again, and
found it necessary to talk of graves and worms and epi
taphs once more. Be that as it may, it is sure that in 'his
New York speech he uttered the ripe and cheerful con
clusions of a majority of his countrymen. .He also stated
the reason why even the most bciotted people of the
European countries he visited know that this is the land
of man's best opportunity, and that is why there is now
the greatest movement hither that was ever known to
any country in the world. Men expatriate themselves
to better their condition, not to make it worse. These
immigrants do not come here to be metaphorical
martyrs and be figuratively eaten by wild beasts while
the Sheriff looks on. They come to seek the conditions
seen in the New York vision, and not in the subsequent
revelation of New Haven, and they are not deceived.
There are some carping critics, of course, who say that
Mr. Bryan's vision was jaundiced when his foot touched
the soil of Connecticut, by the reflection that he is not
to touch that $30,000 of Mr. Bennett's money. Tough
mutton, half chewed by Bonaparte, lost the battle of
Leipsic, and that piece of sheep, therefore, was the cause
of the prospective war between Russia and Japan. Drop
ping an adjective out of an order sent the Light Brigade
to slaughter before Balaklava. Light causes produce
heavy effects, and it may be that the decision of a pro
bate judge in Connecticut changed our own our native
land from a scene of peace and plenty into one of de
spair and disaster.
His One Fault.
His rare executive ability has won
him a position of high authority In
the administration of the local affairs
of one of America's largest transpor
tation companies. He knows his busi
ness, and his knowledge saves his em
ployers many dollars. He directs the
efforts of an army of stevedores and
with a shake or nod of the head, an
elevation of the hand, can convey val
uable pointers to the man on the bridge
of a docking liner. He has one fault.
Upon occasions of great provocation he
swears.
In justice, however, be it recorded
that the provocation must be great and
the swearing is In a class all by itself.
A student of the\ Scriptures and a class
ical scholar, he decorates his profanity
with biblical allusions and apt extracts
from ancient writers, skillfully min
gling word pictures from the old world
and similes from the sea with the com
mon or water front argot of ordinary
vexed mortals.
His usefulness to his employers cloaks
even this fault, if its very picturesque
ness is not its own apology. A few days
ago, however, one of the high chiefs
in authority over him suggested the
advisability of moderation In this re
gard.
"If you must swear, captain," said
he, "have it out quietly at the end of
the wharf. Then the friends of pas
sengers will hear nothing to jar their
nerves and the seagulls won't mind."
A few days later the big provocation
came. The wharf was crowded with
ladles and their escorts. The captain
was in the midst of the throng. Some
thing happened. His face blanched.
He wanted to turn loose, but remem
bered the request for moderation. He
gasped and sputtered. An idea came
to his relief. In a voice grown lusty
from long usage he yelled:
"Ladies, please stand back! Back,
quick! Get out of the way!"
Thinking his cuick eye had detected
a parting line or some other threat
ening danger, customs officers joined
with police in moving back the crowd.
When there was a margin of some
twenty feet of unoccupied wharf be
tween him and the people he turned
to the man on the liner who had blun
dered:
"Now, you blanked idiot!" screamed
the captain, "why in •"
them over the corkscrew narrow
gauge track to the top of the "spoil"
bank. Each car was provided with
a compressed air cylinder, whose pis
ton was connected with the body of
the car. All the cylinders were con
nected with compressed air pump and
reservoir on the locomotive. When
the loaded train reached its destina
tion the engineer turned a valve and
all the dump cars tipped over side
ways, dumping their contents. An
other turn of the valve and the cars
righted themselves and were empty
and ready for the return trip.
The channeling machine, which will
take a hand in any rock work on
the ishtmian canal, is a modification
of the steam drill. : It consists of a
vertical boiler and engine, mounted
on four wheels which run on a short
piece of track. The engine operates a
great steel chisel and at the same time
actuates the mechanism which moves
the whole affair back and forth on the
track. While the machine is traveling
its beat the big chisel chugs up and
down, cutting a deep, smooth gash in
the rock on a line with the edge of
the channel. While it is at work a
line of steam or air drills drill holes in
the rock across the channel. Dyna
mite cartridges are put into the hole
and exploded and the whole mass of
rock is broken up, but the gash cut by
the channeling machine prevents the
blast from breaking the rock in the
side of the canal, so that the sides cut
are perfectly smooth.
fearing and competent teachers and to provide for the
transportation of children who live too far to walk to a
newly located schoolhouse. x
"4. To assist in establishing character for our race
by staying away from town on Saturday, where we
loiter about the. streets, drink and disgrace ourselves in
other ways.
"5. To use our influence against the excursion, hot
supper and camp meeting, aito to endeavor earnestly to
secure comfortable churches and moral preachers.
"6. To urge upon our people the actual necessity of
our owning the land we till, the homes in which we live,
and to beautify our -yards and to make the home attrac
tive."
That is a good platform for anybbdy. But the en
couraging feature in it is that the people who adopt
and propose to live up to it realize their shortcomings
and their need of reform. Every line of it breathes a
moral purpose and a desire to cease to do evil and learn
to do well. There are many white communities, and in
the North, too, that would be better off if more stayed
away from town Saturdays, and so did not loaf about
saloons or gamble and drink.
Given in every Southern State a few centers where
the negroes see so clearly their needs, and resolve so
strongly to seek them by self-amendment, and the whole
black population will finally be leavened by the same
high purpose, and the race problem will afflict the coun
try no more forever.
BRYAN'S RELAPSE.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY. JANUARY 22, 1904.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHN D. SPFECKELS, Proprietor . Address All Communications to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Offlce • .....Third and Market Streets, S. F.
FRIDAY .' ' ..'.... 1 ... JANUARY 22,1004
INSTRUCTIVE STUDIES
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMEN
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
8Gar heaters, formerly J 4.50. now $2.50.
at San Francisco Gas and Electric Com
oanv. 415 Post street. :•
Ladies' Tailor Suit Sale.
For to-day . and to-morrow a special
cut has been made at Baron's Clearance
Sale. ' The entire stock of the latest J20
and $17.50 military coats will go at, $9.
The J9 and Jll skirts. $5. The imported
J50 suits. $25. The $ 25 suits. $3.75. At
Baron's Cloak and Suit House. *
Genevieve Parlor No. 132 of the
Native Daughters of the Golden West
will celebrate its second anniversary
by giving a ball in the South San
Francisco ; Opera-house to-morrow
night. Arrangements have been made
for a pleasant evening, under the di
rection of a special committee, of
which Mrs. Emma Mathewson, the
president, is the chairlady.
Native Daughters' Anniversary.
President. E. W. Newhall; vice presidents.
J. Bermingham, V.*. B. Bourne. A. W. Foster,
W. Haas J. B. Haggin. Alvlma Hayward, C.
Holbrook. H. S. King, A. B. McCreery J. F.
Merrill D. O. "Mills, Senator Perkins J. D.
Fhelan W. M. Pierson. J. R. Spring L. N.
Sweeney. J.' D. Thompson. F. W. Van Sick
len, Raphael AVelll. W. F. Whittier; directors—
B. W. Newhall. T. H. Palache, Llppman Sachs
H L. Davis. J. F. Merrill. F. H. Wheelan G.
A Newhall. C. M. Volkman. F. W. Van Siclc
len L. F. Monteagle. G. H. Buckingham; sec
retary. M. J. White; assistant secretary, Mrs.
M. J White: treasurer, G. A. Newhall; coun
sel, C. H.Garoutte: attorneys, Purcell , Rowe,
Martin Stevens. T. J. Crowley;: physician Dr.
It. L. Rlsdon. . . -
Secretary White reported that dur
ing the year 1202 children had been
afforded relief. .The little ones placed
in institutions numbered 228, in fami
lies 41.; The following named officers
were elected to serve for the ensuing
year:
At the annual meeting of the So
ciety for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Children, held yesterday, reports
were Dresented which showed that
the organization was more prosperous
than ever before. A trifle less than
$3000 was disbursed during the year.
The- assets are $3145 02. James
Smith was elected a life member.
Daniel Meyer, the capitalist, was elect
ed an annual member and paid his
dues for five years.
Show That Great Good Has
Been Done.
Annual Reports of Charitable Society
MANY ABUSED CHILDREN
ARE AFFORDED RELIEF
Stanford Parlor Xo. 76 of the Na
tive Sons of the Golden West has ap
pointed its committees for a grand ball
to be griven in Native" Sons' Hall Fri
day, February 26, in celebration of its
eighteenth anniversary. This, the elite
parlor of the order, which is a stickler
in the matter of giving first-class so
cial functions, will endeavor to make
the coming event grander than any
previous function ever given by it, if
that is possible. Special attention will
be paid to decorating the hall as it
never before has been decorated along
the lines of richness and artistic
beauty. ,This is an invitational func
tion. The committees are: Decora
tions and badges — William H. Mead.
Leo J. McMahon and August F.
Kroder; music — Augrust F. Schleicher.
Arthur W. Morgenstern and John M.
Ratto; Invitations and programmes —
Fred H. Stanle, John J. Van Xostrand
and Jay T. Nash; refreshments— Carl
T. Granz, Henry A. Cahalan and
Charles D. Steiger; attendants and ser
vice — Fred H. Jung. Otto E. Scheerer
and T. I. Fitzpatrick.
The Elite Parlor of the Native Sons
of the Golden West to Give
an Invitation Ball.
STANFORD'S SOCIAL FUNCTION*
TAKES PLACE IX FEBRUARY
The Golden Gate Construction
Company was incorporated yesterday
with a capital stock of $300,000. The
directors, each of whom has subscrib
ed $100, are J. A. and E. R. Folger,
C. B. Platt, A. K. Newsoh and R. R.
Vail.
Form Construction Company.
" BERKELEY, Jan. 21. — ¦ President
Wheeler announced to-day that under
the terms of the will of the late
Charles F. Doe of San Francisco the
University of California will receive
not less than 1600,000 for the erection
of a new library building. With the
$600,000 the Board of Regents may
erect a building worthy of the univer
sity and the State and ample enough
to meet the needs of faculty and stu
dents for twenty years to come. The
will does not demand that the entire
legacy must be spent on the building
and provision is made that any portion
not needed for it may be used for the
purchase of books. As a handsome
and commodious building can be
erected with a sum much less, than
J 600,000 there is likely to remain at
least $100,000 or $200,000 for the pur
chase of books. In announcing the
terms of the gift President Wheeler
said: "Every friend of the university
will rejoice to hear that a wise bene
factor has now made provision for the
long desired and sorely needed library
building. Every one acquainted with
the .internal workings and needs of
the university knows that no lack is
so bitterly felt as that of a proper
building. No gift could have been so
much appreciated by as many people.
Henceforth the name of Charle3 F.
Doe Is forever enrolled among the
greatest benefactors of the State."
Gift Is for Library.
San Francisco Assembly No. 1 was
instituted with the following named
elected as officers for the current
term: Mrs. R. E. Bunker, past
speaker; Ernest Duden, speaker; Mary
C. Frobert, vice speaker; Charles
Hughey, clerk; W. F. Jones, cashier;
Mary A. Duden, chaplain; Martha A.
Olson, sergeant; Arthur D. Stephens,
inner doorkeeper; Frank Leonard,
outer doorkeeper; Neighbors Probert,
Davidson and Leinhardt, trustees;
Fred Duden, organist; Dr. J. A. Kuy
kendall, physician. After the instal
lation of the new officers and making
arrangements for future meetings a
collation was served and then followed
addresses for the good of the new or
der. The first assembly starts with
sixty-five members.
A new fraternal organization, Incor
porated under the laws of this State,
was organized last week and on last
Wednesday the first assembly of the
order, known as San Francisco No. 1,
was instituted in Odd Fellows' build
ing. The declaration of principles sets
forth that the organization is "a fra
ternal, patriotic and benevolent as
sociation organized to promote peace,
good will and protection and to pro
vide mutual aid and assistance to men
and women of sound bodily health,
good moral character, who are socially
acceptable to each other, between the
ages of 18 and 55." It is known as
the Lincoln Annuity Union and is
established on the annuity principle.
The executive officers of the govern
ing body, which is designated as the
Senate, are: Ernest Duden, San Fran
cisco; Walter N. Brunt, San Francisco;
Dr. R. E. Bunker, San Francisco;
Charles L. Patton, San Francisco; W.
E. Mallory, Grant Pass; D. B. # Rlch
ards, San Francisco; W. G. Shankey,
San Francisco.
A Patriotic Benevolent Association for
the Promotion of : Peace, .Good
Will and Protection.
NEW FRATERNAL UXIOX
HAS BEEN ORGANIZED
Overture. D major (Bach-Satnt Saens); so
nata, E major, op. 1W (Beethoven); Inter
mezzo, E min"r, op. 119, No. '£ and Rhapsody.
B minor, op. 79. No. 1 (Brahms); "Lady of
Phalott," "Cleopatra." after Tennyson (Albert
Elkus); EtuJes Symphonlques, op. 13 (Schu
mann) Etudes Je Concert, op. 1» (Poldlnl) —
No. 6. B minor; No. Z. A major; No. I, O rlat
major; No. 5, A flat major. Eueene One
gulne. paraphrase da concert (Ts:halkow»ky-
Pabstj.
Miss Mary Carrick, the pupil of
Hugo Mansfeldt who scored a notable
triumph at her debut in this city last
year, will again appear at Steinway
Hall on the evening of. February 4.
Upon the occasion of her previous ap
pearance in this city her performance
upon the piano was commented upon
most favorably by local musical crit
ics. Her many friends in this city will
be glad Of a second opportunity to hear
the gifted young pi^aniste. The pro
gramme is as follows;.
Miss Mary Carrick Promises
a Rare Treat to Lovers
of Music.
MISS MARY CARRICK. THE
GIFTED PIANISTE, WHO
WILL GIVE j*. RECITAL.
Sarah E. Atherton, owner of a half
interest in the Hotel Atherton at 1637
Octavia street, who is the defendant in
a suit for divorce brought by Joseph
N. Atherton, filed an answer to his
suit yesterday and also a cross-com
plaint. She denies that she has ever
spent too much time in the company
of E. E. Quayle. one of the ownc -. of
the other half interest in the Hotel
Atherton, as in charged by her hus
band, and in support of her own prayer
for divorce alleges that Atherton has
for the last three years been an
abusive husband. Mrs. Atherton's at
torney is Charles K. Moser.
Mary Jane Floyd secured a divorce
from Edwin P. Floyd yesterday in
Judge Murasky's court on the charge
of desertion. The suit was commenced
by her husband on the ground of
cruc'.ty. but he failed to prove his
case. Judge Kerrigan granted Rosa"
Nelson a divorce from John Nelson for
cruelty, and Judge Sl-ss granted Ed
warJ Riley a divorce from Sara B.
Riley because of her mean treatment
of h'.m.
Suits for divorce were Lied by Alex
ander R. Anderson against Fanny An
derson for •intemperance, and Forest
Boulger against J. A. Boulger for de
sertion.
After living happily together for
fc rty-five years James H. and Ellen
Riley, both of whom are near to the
age limit of three score and ten years,
have quarreled and have taken their
t.-ouble into the divorce court. The
suit for divorce brought by James H.
Riley against Ellen Riley a few weeks
ago was heard by Judge Seawell yes
terday and placed on the reserve calen
dar to enable them, before a final de
cision is given, to agree on the amount
of alimony. It Is also hoped, by with
holding the decision, that the aged
couple will settle their difficulties and
agree t-> end their lives together as
happily as they began in 1855.
Riley is an employe of the quarter
master's department at the Presidio./
It appears that four years ago the
husband took exception to.the fact that
his wife allowed his sons, all of whom
are grown, to spend a great deal of
tl-eir time about the house. He insist
ed that they should go to work and
suggested that a smaller house be
taken to prevent them from making
their home with them. But Mrs. Riley
could not send her sons away and
Riley packed up his belongings and
left. He wrote to Mrs. Riley several
times and sought a reconciliation, but
she would not listen to him, and he
brought the action for divorce.
Christina Anthony, the South African
heiress who recently secured the setting
aside of a decree of divorce obtained
from her by Dr. Richard Anthony, the
missionary,' whose life she saved and
who was educated at her expense, on
the ground that it had been fraudu
lently obtained, is again in the divorce
court, but this time as the plaintiff.
Yesterday she filed a suit for divorce
against Anthony, charging him with
desertion.
Charitable institutions of the city
are also given their respective sharc-a
under a percentage calculation, which,
if the estate proves to be worth only
$2,000,000, will make their separate al
lowance as follows: Protestant Or
phan Asylum, $12,000; Hebrew Orphan
Asylum. $8000; Catholic Orphan Asy
lum, $S000; Children's Hospital, $12,000;
Boys' and Girls' Aid Society, $3000;
Golden Gate Kindergarten Association,
$12,000.
To the California State University is
bequeathed 24 per cent of the estate,
or a sum ranging between $450,000 and
$500,000, according to the value at which
the estate may be appraised. This sum,
the will provides, shall be used for the
construction of a new library building,
and in the event of there being a sur
plus the latter shall be invested as an
income for the purchase of books. The
bequest to the university is the largest
ever made to the academic department.
The. greater part of the deceased's
local property, which includes some
very valuable holdings, among them
the St. Nicholas Hotel at the junction
of Market. Hayes and L&rkin streets,
a 97-foot frontage on Market street
above Taylor and a piece of property
running from 44 to 58 Market street, is
left in trust to his brpther. Bartlett
Doe, who is to manage it during his
lifetime for the benefit of the legatees,
who are to receive the income, and at
Bartlett Doe's death the property itself
is to revert to the legatees.
The will of the late Charles F. Doe,
bequeathing thousands of dollars to
local charitable institutions, to many
relatives legacies, each of which is in
itself a fortune, and bestowing upon
the California State- University nearly
half a million dollars for a new library,
was filed for probate yesterday.
The instrument bears the date of
August 21, 1902. and provides for the
distribution of an estate valued at be
tween $2,000,000 and J3.000.000, with the
probability of reaching nearer the lat
ter figure. It names the Union Trust
Company as executor and devises the
bulk of the estate to twenty-two of the
deceased millionaire's nephews and
nieces, who, with the exception of his
brother, Bartlett Doe, are his nearest
relatives, for Charles F. Doe was a
bachelor. Each of these beneficiaries is
given a certain percentage of the es
tate, their individual shares ranging
from $40,000 to $100,000, according, to
their ages and other conditions. '
Nephews and Nieces, Numbering
22, Receive Legacies Ranging
From $40,000 to $100,000
He Says He Left His Wife Be
cause She Insisted Upon Keep
ing Her Children at Home
SONS CAUSE OF QUARREL
FORTUNES FOR CHARITIES
After Forty Years of Happi
ness James H. Riley Com
mences Suit for a Divorce
Charles F. Doe's Will Leaves
Institution a Large Amount
for a New Library Building
LIFE'S WINTER
BRINGS MISERY
UNIVERSITY
GETS BIG SUM
GIFTED YOUNG
PIANISTE IS TO
APPEAR AGAIN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. FRIDAY, JANUARY 22, 1904.
9
OCEAN TBAVBL.
. .fTr-^s. Steamers tear* Saa Fr»a-
vWVSLfiiSv cl»co aj follows:
jQ*^ Fot Ketchikaa. 'Wranial.
MYVfCfaa vVA Jantau. Ualnes. 5k»g\i»y.
fl VC«ra 1 I *tc.. Alaska— 11 a. m.. Jan.
I V vtaStfa) j io. =^. 2«. si. r«b. a.
\4\ \\ To/ Cfaaif< t« company** itaim-
VjSO' «r« •* Seattle.
\WiWy For VlotorU, V«n«ra-»«r.
port xownsend. 8«attl«. T«-
coma. Everett. Wnatcora— 11 »• m.. Jaa. Ii.
21. 26. SI. F«b. 0. Chan*» at Seattle to th!«
company's steamers for Alaska, and O. M.
Ky.; at Seattle or Tacom* to N. P. R/.. •*
Vaneourer to C P. Rr.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomoaa, 131
p. nu. Jaiu- 17, 33. 20. Feb. 4; Corona. 1:30 p.
nx. Jan. 14. 20. 20. Feb. t.
For Los Anxcles (via Port Lo> Angel** «M •
Redondo). San Diego and SanU Barb»r»—
Santa Rosa. Sundays, ft a. ra.
State of CalUar&la. Thursdays, 9 a. m.
For Los Anxelss <rU Saa Pedro and Et*
Pan Pedro), Santa Barbara, Santa Craa. Sicn-
tarey. B*a Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harfort (9*s>
LuV Obttpo), Ventura and Huencm*.
Coos Bay. 0 a. m.. Jaa. 12. 20. 28. FeS. 3.
Bonita. It. a, Jaa. 16. 24. Feb. l.
For Ensenada. Ma«daleaa Bar. Saa Jom del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Aluta. La Pas. SanU Ro-
talia. Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. ro.. 7tB ot ead)
month.
For further Information obtain folder.
Riff ht la reserTed to chaaxe steamers or sail-
ins dates. .
T1UJ-UT omCES — 4 New Montgom-
ery street (Palace Hotel). 10 Market street aas)
Broadwar wharves.
FrclcM Office. 10 Market street.
C. D. DUN'AVN. General Passecxer A jtnt.
10 Market street. Saa Francisco.
O. Ft. & iV. CO.
Orecoo sails Jan. 23. Feb. 7. 17. 77. Mare*
9. 19 and 29. S. S. Oregon Is temporarily la
sen-ice instead of the Columbia. Geonre W.
Elder sails Jan 23. Feb. 2, 12. 23. March 4.
14 and 24. Only steamship line to PORT-
LAND. OIL. and short rail line Trom Portland
to all points East. Through ticket* to all
points, all rail or steamship and rail, at LOW-
EST RATES. Steamer tickets Include berth
and meals. Btedrber sails foot of Spear at. at
II a. m. 8. F. BOOTH. Pen. Afft. Pas*,
Dept.. 1 Montfomery st: a CLIFFORD. Gen.
Art. Freight Dept., 3 Montgomery st.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA, '
(ORfENTAI. STEAMSHIP CO.)
Steamers will leave wharf, corner FIret and
Brannan streets, at 1 p. ra.. for YOKOHAMA
and Honckona-. calling at Kobe (Hlogo). N'tt»-
sakl and Shanghai, and connecting at Hor.*«
kong with steamers for India, etc No caxr»
received -en bnard on day of salllas.
S. B. AMERICA MARU
Monday. January 23. 1904.
Via Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at reduced
rates.". For freisht and passage apply at Corn-
parly's offlee. 421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
S. S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Jan. 3O. 11 «-m.
S. S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Feb. 11. 11 a. m.
g. S. VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Aack-
. land and Sydney. Thursday, Feb. 11. 2 p. in.
C0X7ASHR SZSm^lXI •nU5SATLA5TU75.
DIRECT UXE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
Sailing erery Thursday Instead or -OjiSk
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. •+¦**>?
North River, root of Morton street.
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. See>
end class to Havre. $43 and upward. GEN- .
ERAL AGEXCT FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway {Htutooa Bolldlao.
New Tork. J. P. FUOAZ1 * CO.. Paetflo Coast
Agents. S Montgomery avenue. Baa Frmsetsesv
Tickets sold by an Railroad Tlclit Axm'»
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
VACCINATION AND DANBBUT7.
There X* as Sure Prevention of Baldness
as There Is of Smallpox.
It Is now accepted that vaccination
renders the vaccinated person exempt
from smallpox; or at worst, he never has
anything but the lightest kind of a case.
Now as sure a preventive and cure for
dandruff, which causes falling hair and
baldness, has been discovered — Newbro's
Herpicide. . It kills the dandruff germ.
C. H. Reed. Victor. Idaho, says: "Myself
and wife have been troubled with dan-
druff and falling hair for several years.
We tried remedies without effect until
we used Newbro's Herpicide. two bottles
of which cured us." Hundreds of simi-
lar testimonials. Sold by leading drug-
jrists. Send 10c in stamps for sample to
The Herpicide Co.. Detroit. Mich.
CASTOR I A
• for Infants and Children.
The Kind You Have Always Bought
Bears the • /^Tff y/f7j v 2 -
Signatnre of Lf^^ J^/}T /'cLiz/LtAt
AMUSEMENTS.
ALHAMBRA_THEATER.
SATURDAY EVE.. JAN. 23, at 8 o'clock.
I Mascagni \ VERDI 1 Wagner)
Extraordinary Entertainment in Commemora-
tion of Verdi's Death
(Under the Auspices ot the Daily L' Italia).
RIVELA'S ROYAL ITALIAN BAND,
ASSISTED BY THE SOLOISTS,
F AVEDANO. DOMENCIO RUSSO. G. S.
WANBEU* G. CORTESI and MRS. L.TDIA
STUIITEVAJCT-STERLING.
Selection* from Verdi's operas; sextet from
••Lucia": Wagner"» "Tannhauser" and "Al-
bumblatt"; Intermezzo from Slascagnl's "Rat-
Cllff ' RESERVED SEATS, 50c ana 11.00.
Sale Now On at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s Music
Store.
Racing! Ijlll^ Racing!
OAKLAND RACE TRACK
KEW ' CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
Commencing . January 4.
Racine Each Week Day. Rain or Shine.
Six or 3Iore Races Daily.
Races commence at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
For special trains stopping at the track take
S. P. Ferry, foot of Market street, at 12.
12:30. 1:00, 1:30 or 2 o'clock. No smoking in
last two cars, which are reserved for ladies
and their escorts.
Returning trains leave track at 4:10 and
4:45 and Immediately after th«- last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS. President.
PERCY W. TREAT, Secretary.
AMUSEMEXTS.
CALIFORNIA
fm THIS WEEK., sz^
I The Successful Melodrama
THEFATALWEDDINGf
NEXT MONDAY NIGHT. U
LIEBER & CO/S megulflcent pro- I
Iduction of Hall Calne's Power- r5
ful Play. N
THE ETERNAL CITY I
With EDWARD MORGAN and the V
Entire Brilliant New York Cast. H
Srecial Music by Msscafnl. w
-. SEATS NOW ON SALE. J5
ENTICING VAUDEVILLE!
Stein-Enuto Family; Stanley and
Wilson; Kelly and Vlolette; Irving
Jones, and Orpheum Motion Pic-
tares.
I^ast times of Howard Thurston:
Wallno and Marinette; Asra and
White, and Simmons.
Regular Matinees Every Wednesday. Thurs-
day. Saturday and Sunday. Prices, 10c. 35c
and W>c.
MAT. TO-MORROW- Last Two TSUthtm.
Tfce Pretty Pastoral Drama.
ONE NIGHT IN JUNE
lA/illicsm J. Holmes
And an Excellent Cast
Be^lnnlnr NEXT SUNDAY MATINEE
IA/. H. TURNER
In a SDlendl<f Production of
DAVIO HARUM
USUAL POPULAR PRICES
Bear Them Sing "Obstinate Lizzie May"
ObFtlnate LJrxle May. who lives across the bay.
The prettiest grirl In Oakland town has stolen
my heart away.
I ask her to be mine, but she always do?s
decline.
Though not too rhy to tell me why.
Obstlr.ate L4zz!e May.
All in the Splendid Musical Comedy,
...THE BEAUTY SHOP.,.
The <=how that Is filled with unusually clever
Songs. Specialties. No\-e!tles.
Our '•ALL-STAR" Cast.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
DEAVES 1 MERRY MANIKINS
And a Great Show Every Afternoon and
Evenlnjr la the Seated Theater.
AMERICAN. CHINESE AND PHILIPPINE
BAB;ES IN THE INFANT INCUBATORS.
Visit the Mystic Mirror Maze.
BABY LEOPAKD ZX THE SOOt
Admission. 10c: Children. 5c.
When Phoning-, Ask for 'The Chutes."
I. -i^i
VnhcP DOIYT FAIL TO
laidVW Me the beautiful
j COURT Lour.ging
fl fin room, the EMPIRE
aUU PARLOR, the
rt « PALM ROOM, the
llTflnQ LOUIS XV PAR-
uiuuu LOR^ and the LA
n^. « DIES' WRITING
Hotels room -
. AMTSlpIEXTSL
COLUMBIA uSeiTSb
To-night and Saturday Night.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
ggg,- LANGTRY
la Sydney Grundy'B
"THE DEGENERATES"
Next Sunday — German Performance — A!a-
trieda L*j«FpieI Ensemble In "ALS ICH
1VIEDERKAM."
SEATS NOW READY
B€|rirr.:cg N>xt Monday — First Time Her*.
Ti-« G--eat«?st Musical Ccmedv Success Extant
ACHiNESEHONEYMGON
Oompuoy cf W 1 — Augmented Orchestra.
TIVOLI'85&&
SECOND "WEEK AND TREMENDOUS
SUCCESS.
When Johnny
Comes Marching Home.
A aiiMary Sr^ctacu'.ar Ccralc Opera by £tan-
» .« Btacc* £' ' Julian Edwards.
Martial Music! Picturesque Scenery! North-
era Soldiers and Southern Eweethearta!
MATINEE SATURDAY.
TTrual Pcpular Prices 25c, 50c and 75c
Box Scats $1.00
•AT f\ h *"7 A 1™1 Be!a*eo & Mayer.
ALCAZAR ktkk
General Manrer.
TO-JSTGHT — MATS. SAT. A5TD SUV.
'•Hilarity raa riot." — Call.
"One cf the Alcazar hlt«." — Chronicle.
MRS. 2,2
f £\ <"-> ty' Ilk* ldiota."—
•J #~V V-_-* i^H^ Ashtca Stevens.
f*\:\l of Fun. Droll Types, the Western Widow,
tfce Purillet. the Crushed Tragedian, the
Auto Aecld*>r.t, the Buffalo Hunt.
Evrs.. 2.V to TV; Mat., Pat. & Pun., 15c to W>c
MOX. NEXT— Fine Production of
A Tremendously Powerful Play,
THE MASQUERADERS
BT IIENRT ARTHUR JONES.
Market street, near Eighth. Phone Bouth 533.
TO-XTZGHT — LAST THREE NIGHTS.
MATINEES TO-MOHROW AND SUNDAY.
The R*ccrd-Br<:aktr.g Success.
A BOWERY GIRL
• Gtittt cf Up-to-Date Melodramas!
Sensations Without Number!
Jollity in Abundar.ce! Vtvid Fire. Scene!
I^yr-amite Explosion: Sons and Liar.ce Epe-
c'«HIce'.
ALL. CENTRAL. FAVORITES IN CAST.
pOJfpC Bvcnteca 10c to SOc.
lillVLJ Matinees 10c. 15c 25c.
JANUARY C5rh— The Magnificent Dramatic
F;*ctacle. - -, .
QUO UADIS.
LYRIC HALL,To-IMightM5
NEXT TO NEW TIVOLI
Burton Holmes
LECTURES
mghV, KOREA
Special Closing Lectures To-morrow.
MAT At N I F YELLOWSTONE
KS5<? KOREA
Ceau»l 00. 75c.. &Oc.. at Ehenaan. Clay & Co.'s
lgsCTi^Ajn^ojogjtaarxrsEjgEarTS.
. COOPER MEDICAL COLLEGE
Corner Sacramento and Webster Sta.
LASX I^ECTUBES
FRIDAY EVENING. January 22.
FSOr. FKA1TX AWGELIi
(SUnford University).
Bubj«ct: -SLEEP AND DREAMS."
AJ3iU££I0^ FUEE
Kf^jSh5|^/^?|^ "^jy "~ ; i
Baa^K^ fiSP^ MB&T& :'^^ Wk
A distressing case of Fibroid Tumor,
which baffled the skill of Boston doctors.
-Mrs. Hayes, of Boston, Mass., in
the following letter tells how she was
cured, after everything else failed, by
Lydia JL Pinkham's Vegetable Compound.
Mrs. Hayes* First Letter Appealing to Mrs. Plnkham for Help s
" Deak Mbs. Pixkham : —I ha-ro been under Boston doctors' treat-
ment for a long time without any reliet They tell me I have a fibroid
tumor. I cannot sit down without great ~pain, and the soreness extends
np my spine. I have bearing-down pains both back and front. My ab-
domen is swollen, and I have had flowing spells for three years. i(y ap-
petite is not good. I cannot walk or be on my feet for any length of time.
"The symptoms of Fibroid Tumor given in your little book ac-
curately describe my case, so I write to you for advice."— (Signed) Mrs.
E. F. Hayes, 252 Dudley St, (Roxbury) Boston, Mas3.
Note the result of Mrs. Pinkham's advice— al-
though she advised Mrs. Hayes, of Boston, to take
her medicine— which she knew would help her—
her letter contained a mass of additional instruc-
tions as to treatment, all of which helped to bring
about the happy result.
"Dear Mrs. Pdtkham: — Sometime ajro I wrote to you describ-
ing my symptoms and asked your advice. You replied, and I followed
all your directions carefully, and to-day I am a well woman.
w The use of L.ydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound entirely
expelled the tumor and strengthened my whole system. I can walk
miles now.
" Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound is worth five dol-
lars a drop. I advise all women who are afflicted with tumors or
female trouble of any kind to give it a faithful trial." — (Signed) Mas.
E. F. Hayes, 252 Dudley St, (Roxbnry) Boston, Mass.
Mountains of gold could not purchase such testimony — or take
the place of the health and happiness vhich Lydia E. Pinkham's
Vegetable Compound brought to Mrs. Hayes.
Such testimony should be accepted by all women as convincing
evidence that Lydia E. Ptnkham's Vegetable Compound stands
without a peer as a remedy for all the distressing ills of women; all
ovarian troubles; tumors; inflammations; ulceration, falling and dis-
placements of the womb; backache; irregular, suppressed or painful
menstruation. Surely the volume and character of the testimonial let-
ters we are daily printing in the newspapers can leave no room for doubt
Mrs. Hayes at her above address will gladly answer any letters
which sick women may write for fuller information about her illness.
Her gratitude to Mrs. Pinkham and Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable
Compound is so genuine and heartfelt that she thinks no trouble is too
great for her to take in return for her health and happiness.
Truly is it said that it is I<y d la E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
pound that is curing- so many women, and no other medicine ; don't for-
get this when some druggist wants to sell you something else.
(Kftnn F f° R liI. IT " T'***? 1 *?* forthwith prodneatiwariflnal letter* and ticsAtora e<
UtJUliU aboT0 * 5tiiaoai *i*» »ki<* Will prore their absolute pjnuinenew.
JOE BOSENBEBG'S.
H n»v S a tw nc r, h t? f sto f°, y we ,t, th K ei :- Women With Weak Lungs,
Days that bStmg winds will brins;; «7
Haste and pet yourself together HERE IS A VEST TEAT WAS MADS
If you hop* to last till spring! EXPBESSX.Y PO B TOTX.
y — ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ v Made of XX Imported wool; high
i TAf*tf TTto/SCTT i neck and long sleeves, and shaped In
d/U_r\ r KU3 1 order to fit snugly to the body. Physl-
yvyTHO? cyg»AP cians recommend them because they
I ' L **-^ I know the good qualities of this gar-
f - r 1904 / f nent In gray or white Sl.OO
jA J^zf^ Ladies ' Combination Suits.
f drM^" " Ew) Sf TH1! " 0HXXTAf> make.
\ UvP^v f A KEAI>TH *»OTBCIO» .
trTF-^-i J And a comfort maker. High neck and
f**f\ _ii - <^vj eJpTj*^ F 1 *"^ lor.p sleeves, ankle length, seamless
{fp^\_ Jpzi 2\S*tM'~*^ ii and Slove fitting: the kind that buttons
f ' p *~*fi2r^Ji i (LA ot Y across tho shoulders: stoam shrunk
I i(^^L I %K " />* and partially wool. A pound of pre-
m *"•**£) I *l l' ventive :s worth ten of cure. Our
I " 4Q 5aSvt<»^ii Price ..." 75c
""- V f * Ladies,
H F • ** *^* * *""* DO TOtX Ksow "WTHAT COMPOET
W, ' "* THERE IS TS EQT7ESTHIENNE
Jack Fro?t gives all a cold reception, TIGHTS POB WALKING
But the Price Cutter offers no de- OB WABMTE?
ceptlon HERE'S ONE. Made of fast black
Try his underwear, good and warm. English cotton. tight-fitting tops.
Then you are safe from any storm. ankle length. Just the garment for
Tis made of silk, wool and cotton; this cold and chillv weather. Price..
Try them once and they'll never be ' 5Oc
| forgotten. ! " •3^^^,,,
« ... High neck and long sleeves, Jersey
InVallUS knit, fleece lined. Made of combed
* yarn. In -gray or ecru.
Here Is a Garment That W1U Posltire- PANTS TO MATCH — Same quality
ly Seep Ton Warm. as above, ankle length and twilled
LADIES' VESTS— High neck and sateen bands. Price. .A garment I»5c
long sleeves. Made of mixed Austra- BETJBEWS VESTS.
b T a «^ , AT ? ericaa wool « Cat knlt * Made Expressly for Infants
T»A>r'i-'c Tr» UATrtr *-i-?« , n ,^t Of knitted fabric, so soft that they
A.N 1 b TO MATCH — Ar.kle length. _.iji __,. i_ it ..' fh mo«t <ioiir>ntA
sock finish. French bands, finished with babV^ akin Cut in t nTtent wav in
a drawstring: medium weight; Just the ordJr to tk qrSSrfd i/hlld'S
garment for invalids. In regular and wl M n t «*,Tu.« «,n n f it!
#>xtr» 1t«t» iiitpc f>ho» body. We cannot explain all of its
extra l«.rge s.xes. merits in printers ink. We will be
A S^rmeni 51.OO on i y too p i ea sed to show them to you
TO THE LADIES whether you buy or not. Price.. 2r»c
VhNi Skins Are Irritated by Wool. and 35c
Here's a Garment SADIES' VESTS.
Made expressly for YOU. Made of Made of wool-finished yarn. Jersey
silk, mixed with sterilized wool, which knit, fleece lined, high neck and long
is velvet-finished and unshrinkable. In sleeves; shaped, perfect-fltting win-
pink, blue and white. ter weight. In gray and ecru.
LADIES' VESTS. PANTS TO MATCH — Same quality
Hla-h neck and loner sleeves awl** w S , abo l _ ve : ankle length, circular cut
nhh^ sleeves, swlss belts> buttoned on the sides. Price..
TIGHTS. A earment 45c
u^S'f^SSS^S^; £a k m ~s p h1^ of
ribbon drawstring. kn^/t^as "yS^S 5^
-Lf.fi* §?*22 Elastic, tight fitting; In gray or white.
11 K-^ S »1.«O large or small sizes. Price 75c
NO ExCUSe for Being Cold Made of Egyptian yarn. steam
When you can buy LADIES' COMBI- "J 1 ™"^ wtnfer ?***' o°- S
NATION SUITS at such low prices as sleeves - winter weight. Price. . .25c
these. Made of Egyptian cotton, high .
neck and long sleeves, ankle length. _ ,_. _ _^ _ _^
fie. • e lined, ;• rsey knit, kid fitting ar.<i B (ft ff" *H A ft f" |l f* f" n ft
seamless. It. tray ar.d white. All 1 3 I 2_ KIIVriMKrKl.
*? a suit 5oc liip nuuLnDLiiu
LADIES* VESTS. 11 Mfl 3
Made of pure Italian silk, low neck W W "" THE PRICE-CUTTER
and no sleeves, swiss ribbed, neck and n , r ,, . . _. ., _,_ „ ..
arm holes trimmed with a crochet 8 6 Market St. II 0 FaiTell St.
edge with silk tape ribbon. In pink and
blue. Real worth 91.25. Special. 75c matt. OBDEBS SOLICITED.
APVEBTISF.TVrKNTa.
/Printing I
ii \ i
II And ff
\ uievelopmQ j
at Lowest Prices.
Good work, prompt deliveries and prices
that are lower than those of anybody else
in the business, are what make my Kodak
Developing- and Printing in demand. Here
are » few Drlcea:
DEVELOPITTO:
Roll of six 10c
Roll of twelve ...13c
PSIUTINQ:
Sollo finish 3e to 3c
Velox finish 3e to Oc !
Fresh Kodak Films always In stock-
Out-of-town orders promptly filled.
THAT MAN PITTS
F. W. PITTS, the Stationer.
1008 MARKET ST., Abova FowtlL
SAN FRANCISCO. .
I DR.P1ERCES.
MEDICAL J
HBSC®VERV
FOR THE
1 BLOOD.liYER.LU^GS.
nn t t o tt 17 d for barbers, ba-
iJllUOriluO ke «- bootblacks, bath-
houses, billiard Ubles,
brewer?, bookbinders, candy makers, cannera,
dyers, flour mills, foundries, laundries, paper-
han«rprs, printer*, painters, shoe factories,
stablemen, tar-rcofeT9, tanners, tailors, etc"
BUCHAHAH BROS..
Brush Maanf actnren. 609 Ssozunaato St.
JS^SP^iA MENANDWOMEH.
Cs« Big « for tmnsttirsi
MgFSJT la l u i imjt^S di«ch»ri»s.inn»Mni»tl«*a.
SafO Owut«4 M JrriUtloat or olc»r»Uaai
fl«ij n«i u ftrltwr*. ¦• of mo com mtanbraats.
fr^j r>tt»eta faau«tM. PaiaUit, and a»t utrla-
KeArrfEEUH$CHtBXU.CO. c»at or poitonuo*.
l*gA asCU)UTl,0^« ««14 fcy Orsintsta,
C8.A. s»nt 1b pUIn wrmppjr.
¦¦ ai J)O. or S bottles W.7 J.
i^fflnt^Tr "I Clraolar seat on murt.
Max» Xilaad anl Vallejo Steamers.
Steamer GEN. FRISBD3 or MONTICEIXO—
9:43 a. m.. S:1S and 8:30 p. m.. except Sunday.
Sun.lay. »:45 a. m.. 9:3O p. m. Leave Vallejo.
7 a. m.. 12:30 and o p. m.. ex. Sunday. Sun-
day..? a. m.. 4:15 p. n». Fare. 00 eenta. Tel.
Main 1SOS. Pier 2. Misslon-st. dock. • HATCH
BROS.- • iB. Smith, a waiter residing at 1239
Market street, had a narrow • escape
from asphyxiation V Wednesday night
Upon retiring he left the gas flowing
and when found yesterday morning he
was In a precarious condition. He was
sent to the Receiving Hospital, where
restoratives were applied. He will re
coven . ¦ .
Has a Narrow Escape.
rirst race — Bnstlo Olrl, Plyer. Amass.
. Second race— Prank Woods, Eda Blley,
lllilouon. .
Third race — Glenarvon, Lady Bimbo,
Oro.VivR.
rourth race— Saa - ZTichola*, Zrldlns,
Albula.
Pif th . race— Young* Pepper, Celebrant,
The Cure. :¦" '
Sixth race— Lacy Crawford, Bomaine,
Stilicho.
FB0BA.BX.E WXNZTCBS.
James Daly, the six-year-old son of
James Daly, residing at 33% Four
teenth street,: was severely burned
about, the .limbs arid body yesterday
forenoon. The boy, was playing with
matches, when his clothing caught fire.
He was taken to - the* City and County
Hospital for treatment. , :
Severely Burned.
5729 *Kltty : Kelly (Stanfleld) .'. 101
672» 'Romaine (Murry) »S
5348 'The Counsellor (Cotton) .8-4
¦ .^Apprentice allowance.
PHILADELPHIA. Jan. 21. — Yank
Kenny of New York tried to fight six
rounds with Jim Jeffords of Califor
nia to-night at the Broadway Athletic
Club, but he was so far outclassed
that the referee ended the fight thirty
seconds before the first round was up.
In the two minutes and thirty sec
onds the bout lastea _ Kenny was
knocked down four times and he was
nil but out when the referee stopped
the fight
Jeffords Defeats Yank Kenny.
- Thomas Jabrick, a laborer employed
by Lantry Bros.,& Sons at Eighteenth
and Minnesota streets, was fatally in
jured by the premature explosion of a
blast yesterday afternoon. He was re
moved to St. Mary's Hospital, where
he died within a f,ew hours. He had
just finished "planting" the charge,
when Jt exploded, mangling his body
In-such a manner that from the first
no hope of recovery was held out.
Killed by a Blast.
Several members of the California
Lacrosse Association entertained the
members of the Olympic Club last
night with an indoor game of lacrosse
in the club gymnasium. The floor was
too slippery for fast work, but never
theless the lacrosse men stirred up
much interest among .. the club
members. They will try to induce
the wearers of the winged "O" to or
ganize a team. ¦¦*//:¦•'¦;'
Lacrosse at Olympic Club.
BOSTON. Jan. 21. — The carrying
out of a plan of the Boston police to
stop all boxing exhibitions and prize
fighting in Boston to-day resulted in
the holding to the Grand Jury of Joe
Choynski and "Kid" Carter. They
were arrested Tuesday night at the
Criterion Athletic Club after Carter
had knocked Choynski out in the first
round. Eight others were arrested on
a charge of aiding and abetting a prize
fight and were held to the Grand Jury.
Bail for each vns placed at $500.
Boston Police to Stop Boxing.
Finds Man in Ills Room.
William J. Pilcher, proprietor of a
lodging-house at 145% Fifth street,
notified Policeman Wilson yesterday
that there wan a man in his room.
Wilson went to the room and found
Emanuel Sands there. As he could
not satisfactorily explain his presence
Sands was arrested and charged with
burglars'-
Good Prices for Harness Horses.
CHICAGO, Jan. 21. — Top prices in
the Splan horse sale at Dexter Park
Pavilion were paid by Easterners.
Prince Katon, a bay stallion sired by
Red Heart, out of Aurora Highwood,
was sold to R. Weston of New York
for J3750. Hattie B and Lady Bess,
a team of bay mares sired by Fair
lawn, went to L. W. Cushman of Bos
ton for $2600. Xorwood, the stallion
sired by Nutwood, out of Nora Wilkes,
was sold to M. E. HcCaffry of Stiles
ville, Ind.. for U750.
The committee did not vote on the
proposed changes to be made in the
laws governing athletes. It was de
cided to bring the matter up at the
next meeting, which will be held in
Oakland in two weeks. Should the
proposed new laws go into effect they
will revolutionize the present system
now in vogue in the league.
An application for membership
from Boone's Academy, Berkeley, was
laid on the table, to be voted on at
the next meeting. One of the mem
bers objected to the admission of the
school on the ground that in his opin
ion that institution had recently ac
quired many good athletes and they
might possibly take away .some rec
ords now held by other schools of the
league.
The members of the Academic Ath
letic League held their regular ses
sion last night in the directors' room
in the Olympic Club. Representatives
from all the schools in the league were
present. After a brief discussion the
committee in charge decided to admit
the Vallejo and Pacific Grove High
schools to membership. •
Two Schools Admitted to Membership
and Application of Another Is
Laid on the Table.
President Recommends That Congress
Take Action to Preserve Cala
veras Big Trees.
The petition forwarded to "Washing*
ton by the Outdoor Art League of Cal
ifornia relative to the preservation of
the Big Tree Grove of Calaveras has
been promptly acted upon. The fol
lowing letter from the President's sec
retary has been received in this city:
WHITE HOUSE. WASHINGTON. Jan. 13,
19O4. — Dear Madam: Tour letter of the 4th
inst. has been received, and in reply I ben t»
state that the President has this day trans
mitted the petition to Congress, with a mes
sage recommending favorable action thereon.
Very truly yours.
WILLIAM LOEB. Secretary to the President.
Mrs. Lovell White. President Ourdoor Art
League of California, 1616 Clay street, Saa
Francisco, Cal.
Files Will While Wife Lives.
George H. Holstein filed a will of
his former wife, Belle Holstein. with
the County Clerk yesterday. She is
still living. The will is dated August
29, 1900. The property is valued at
& 5.000 and in the will Holstein is
made the sole legatee. Since the docu
ment was drawn Holstein and his
wife have been divorced. The reason
for filing the document is a puzzle.
Banquet In Honor of Kins Oscar.
More than one hundred prominent
natives of Norway and Sweden gath
ered around the festal board at the Pal
ace Hotel last night and dined in honor
of King Oscar of Sweden. Addresses
were delivered by many prominent cit
izens, including Rev. Dr. Nelander and
Henry Lund, Consul of Sweden and
Norway. •*. •
Accidentally Shot.
Police Officer W. L. Ce'inar of the
Park station was seriously shot over
the right eye at the pistol range in the
City Hall yesterday morning. Celnar
was keeping score, when a spent ball
rebounded, striking him in the fore
head. His injuries were treated at the
Receiving Hospital.
Unsatisfied Jury.
A Coroner's inquest waa held yester
day upon the bodies of George Lay
ton and Alice Chase, who were suffo
cated at 754 Folsom street on Janu
ary 15 by illuminating gas. The jury
found that death was accidental and
caused by defective gas fixtures, "and
we demand further investigation of
same in order to fix responsibility."
STANFORD UXIVERSITT. Jan. 21.— The
Junior class of 1C05 to-day elected officers for
the ensuln* semester as follows: President
\V. II. Dole of Riverside; vice president a!
t,. Trowbridg-e of Portland. Or. ; secretary"
Miss Crandall of Oakland; treasurer. T. M*
Coen of Ottumwa. Iowa; sergeant-at-arms o'
K. Stevens of Benlcla.
THE HAGUE. Jan. 21. — Queen Wilhelmlna ,
opened the festivities attending the Queen'*
mother's jubilee with a gala dinner to-night.
Creditors of Allison, Xelt & Co. filed
a petition yesterday in the United
States District Court alleging that the
firm committed an act of bankruptcy
by making an assignment to Henry C.
Schaertzer for the -benefit of its cred
itors. • It is alleged that they owe
more than 52000, and the court is
asked to declare them bankrupts.
In the same court a petition in vol
untary insolvency was filed by Thomas
Z. Farley, a clerk, residing at Santa
Rosa; liabilities $983, no assets.
Insolvency Petitions.
Henry Moore, who is employed in
the commissary department of the
Southern Pacific Company at Oakland,
apeared at the Coroner's office yester
day and reported that his sister, Annie,
has been missing since the 14th of last
month. Miss Moore, who is 26 years
of age, was employed by a family
named Fisher in Sacramento, and, ac
cording to her brother's statements,
left Sacramento on ,¦ January 9 with
Owen Lynch, a Sacramento hotel man,
to whom she was engaged to be mar
ried. She did not appear at her
mother's home in Oakland, but on
January 14 her mother received a
postal card from thi3 city stating that
all was well and that she and Mr.
Lynch would visit the parental domi
cile in a few days. As nothing has
since been heard from the girl her
relatives became alarmed and insti
tuted a search. They were unable to
find Lynch, but the books at the Oaks
Hotel show that he arrived in this
city on December 26 with W. B. Nor
land and left the following day and
returned on December 30.' He re
mained as a guest in the hotel for
about ten days and still returns for his
mail, but his residence. is unknown to
the employes of the hostelry.
Young Woman Leaves Sacramento
,. and Drops Out of Sight in
This City.
RELATIVES SEARCHING
FOR MISS ANNIE MOORE
MEMBERS OF ACADEMIC
* LEAGUE HOLD SESSION
OUTDOOR ART LKXUGE'S
PETITION IS RECEIVED
LINCOLN', Xeb., Jan. 21. — Attor
neys in Lincoln for President Sexton
of the Western Baseball League re
ceived a request from Denver this
morning that he have the injunction
suit in the District Court here post
poned to February 1, pending nego
tiations in that city. This is evidence
that the suit is not dismissed and the
Lincoln baseball men take it that the
deal between George Tebeau and
Manager Packard of the Denver team
for the sale of the Denver franchise
has not been closed.
Ha«*>ball Case in Court.
The Wednesday Evening Bowlingr Club— Mr.
and Mrs. C. M. Plum. Mr. and Mrs. C. R.
Havens. Mr. and Mrs. Gartenlaub, Mr and
Mrs. William Shotwell. Mr. and Mrs. A. Watt.
Mr. and Mrs. James Irvine. Mr. and Mrs,
Jesse S. Andrews. Mr. and Mrs. J. P. Wal
lace Mr. and Mrs. James Snook Mr and
Mrs. J. P. Harran. Mr. and Mrs. W. D.' Fen
nimore. Mr. and Mrs. H. D. Morton, Mr. and
Mrs. C. B. York. Mrs. E. P. Brincgar and
Mr and Mrg. L. E. Lee.
The bowling alleys of the Jefferson
Square Club in its new building on
Golden Gate avenue and Octavia street
are in popular demand. Two clubs
have already been formed and have
secured a set of alleys for one night
in each week during the season. They
are made up of the following mem
bers:
The Colonial Club — Mr: and Mrs. Charles C.
Moore. Mr. and Mrs. H. B. Chase. ! Mr. and
Mrs. W. T. Sesnon. Mr. and Mrs. Poindexter.
Mr. and Mrs. Bentley. Mr. and Mrs Tllden.
Mr. and Mrs. Ken, Miss Hayes and F. Mich
aels. . '«'.' ¦-<• .;
Pastime and Expect to Roll a
Strong Game.
'Many Ladies Are Taking Up This
BOWLING IS POPULAR,
AMONG THE FAIR SEX
The horse industry of Pleasanton Is
thriving, and there are hundreds of the
finest animals In the country stationed
here at all times. It is proposed by the
racing association to give a meeting
each year, at which animals can be
both raced and exhibited. Such a meet
ing was held a year ago with marked
success.
PLEASANTON, Jan. 21.— An associa
tion to promote the horse interests of
this section has been formed with Lou
Crellin as president and F. E. Adams
as secretary. The directors are frhe lead
ing citizens of Pleasanton and are W.
H. Donohue, A. F. Schweer, George
Davis and G. A. Kelly.
This association is to be permanent
in its character and it has been decided
that it will take charge of a race meet
ing to be held each year on the Pleas
anton track. The meeting this year will
be held during the last week of August
and the association will offer $4000 in
purses. .
Will Give a Four Days' Meet With
Purses Aggregating Four Thou
sand Dollars.
PIjEASAXTOX MEX 1 FORM
ASSOCIATION FOR RACING
Audience at tlio First Unitar
ian Church.
Professor Freyer, instructor in
*>riental languages and literature at
the Cnlvenlty of California, gave the
«?cond of a course of lectures by uni
versity professors at the First 'Uni
tarian Church. Geary and Franklin
EtreetH. last evening to a large and ap
preciate audience.
Of all the Oriental? the Chinese, said
The professor, seem further removed
from us in their characteristics than
any other race and yet we are destined
sooner or later to come into much
closer contact with them.
The lecturer referred 10 China as
the oldest survivor among the nations
f>{ .antiquity because she possesses the
secret of national antiquity. What
**he cannot conquer by diplomacy or
war sh*» succeeds in absorbing or
transforming.
Professor Freyor talked of the many
Western ideas aa well as art5, sciences
and manufactures that young China
has? adopted in spite of the opposition
of th» anti-foreign or conservative
parties in the Government, Railways,
telegraphs, steam navigation, post
offices, manufactories, mining, colleges
and universities for Western learning
vere briefly alluded to. Reference
¦was mad» to the fact that dozens of
young Chinese were trying to get
through the University of California
at their own expense and in many in
stances on slender means.
The lecturer concluded with a sketch
of China's position In the Japan-
Jlussia affair. He saw that war must
come, because Russ'a will not cease
her aggressions and that Japan must
resist or be swallowed up by the Czar.
Professor I'rejer Entertains a Large
LECTURES ON THE FUTURE
OF THE CHINESE NATION
Inasmuch as no explicit proof is shown (hat
the firm was aware of Brandt being a mem
ber of tho local branch, and in furtht r view.
of the statements contained in the evident.
submitted, showing that the firm had hired
Brandt conditionally a3 an apprcn:ice. and as
it is not shown that the firm was not en
titled to an apprentice, we cannot sustain th«
action of the local in demanding a payment
of the difference between the wage received
by Brandt and the minimum wage as em
bodied in the agreement.
In view of the fact that the violation -was
one that should have received Internal con
sideration in the councils of the local branch
and penalty assessed asrainat the member vio
lating the laws of the United Brotherhood and
the will of Local 57. under. the cireumstanc*s
recited in the evidence submitted, we cannot
sustain the action of the local branch in
forthwith ordering the men out on a strika
under the circumstances before receiving sua
tainment of their application as per constitu
tion and laid down precedents and usages of
the United Brotherhood.
We. the general executive council, would
here urge local branches to be careful In ad
mitting to membership persona who are not
capable and competent to command the av
erage rate of wages paid in their locality, aa
per article ft section 2. general constitution.
General Executive Council United Brother
hood of Leather Workers.
EUGENE J. BAI-SIGER. General President.
JACOB G. HUBER. Secretary General Ex
ecutive Council. . ;¦%•"'
General Executive Council, Brother
hood of leather Workers, Upholds
Contention of Ilarncss Company.
The convention of the Leibold Har
ness Company that the strike of its
factory employes was not justified is
upheld in the following decision:
In the case of I^iboM Harness Company.
Brandt. v». Local No. 57. the general execu
tive council, after careful consideration of th«
entire matter, sustains the action of No. 57
in fining the ?aid Brother Brandt the sum of
$10 for working under scale, such action on
Brandt's part being open violation ot the con
stitution.
DECIDES THAT STRIKE
WAS NOT JUSTIFIED
OAirJCAHD BACETBACK — THURSDAY. Jan. 21. — Weather fine. Track heavy.
I r ' 7i)S ' F *KST RACE— S^ven furlongs; selling; 3-year-oMs and up; value to first. $325.
1 Index) Horse and Owner. Wt fc't. }4 . \b~. %. Str. Fin. | Jockey. Op! CU
I -/•-« h' b V Candltl . 3 (Appleby Co.) 87 8 7 2 6 % 8 3 5 3 1 2% T. Butler.. 8 10
"t\?, " arbor - -* 1 <H. E. Rowell) 87 B 1 2^.1 % 1 >,£ 1 n 2 1V4 Hlldebrand 5-*^ "-^
• r-%, S mlly OUver . « <R. H. Clark) 100 5 4 1 "5 1 4 \ t 2 M J 2 Foley 16-R 16-5
j^O- Hungarian, a (Dunn & Co.).. 102 3 in 3 n 2 n 3 2>/ 2 4 n Larsen a 4
•''„, Donator. a (C. Mulholland).. 102 7 10 t? 9 2 7 n C 1^5 5 Wright .... 20 30
r".r, £* ssenzo - 6 (Walz & Co.)... 97|11 8'1 8 «i f. 1 4 % 6 2 Y: Greenfield . IS 20
• oWiO Thf-ron. 5 <p_ McAulifTe) 102 1 8 n 10 2 10 2 9 6 in W. Dujran. 15 1«
•JiJJ* £° u Cllevedcn. a (McDowell). 103 9 ft 1%4 "43182 84 J. Martin.. 8 «
j.2C Penance. 4 (J. McCarthy) 62 2 II 1 2 h li i,j ' n J» 5 Crosswalte 15 20
;-AA £ enteU S d ' Or -* 1 (Hamilton S.) H2 10 11 11 11 10 4 10 8 \V. Daly... SO 40
o.tK> fracts. 3 (J. Barker).. 89 4 6 'J 7 h 9% 11 11 |Reed 20 SO
, Time_:24. :00. l:lC>.i. 1:28%, At post 1 minute! Oft at 2:13. Candid, place. 5; show. 5-2.
I H a ">or, place, 8-0; show, 4-fl. Oliver, show 3-5. Winner, br. f. by Llberttne-Candld.
j Trained by O. A. Appleby. Scratched— El Pllar. Stajt good. Won easily. Nest two
driving. Winner was In a poor position the flm part but Butler picked the good .foot
j ing through the stretch and there was nothing to it. Harbor tired. Emily Oliver
I poorly ridden. Hungarian quit. Donatur ran a nice race under moderate handllnc
j Clicveden blew up.
S7O». SECOND RACE— Three and a halt furlongs; gelling; maiden 2-year-olds; nrst. $325.
Indejc |____HorEe and Owner. |Wt St. V*'- %- ?;. Str.. Fin. Jockey. Op! Cl.
!?IS Arisbe (Napa Stock Farm). ..1110 3 ... ... 2 14 1 1141 1 IJ. Mnrtln.. 6-5 3-2
•jiGS Del Carina (R. A. Smith). .|1O1 7' 4n 3.1%2 3 ILarsen 10 15
;-U s * a Alr < JIr »- C. K. Miller).. 105 2 .'! % 4 2 3 n Hildebrand 6 »,-2
£>»b« Kduardo (Burns & Waterhse) 110 » 8 1}4$ 11,64 ?i Bell 8 10
5»Sl Willa (A. T. Dobson) 1CS 1 11 2h . r » >$ .1. Daly 15 25
571.i Mogregor (Blanchl & Co.) 111 <i 7 i, 7 n « 4 |See « K
5i<>.{ Leah (A. R. Lynch) 101 1 4 5 1^5 V, 7 2«/4IFoley 80 'SO
Ding Dongr (C. T Boots) 11.110 1)4 0 4 8n C Kelly... 10 20.
B7W Escobosa (Stewart & Co.).... 105 8 10 10 9 3 \V Daly... SO 100
5763 Ragamanda (B. Schrelber). . .!110| 5 6 2 6 1 10 Burns 3 5
Time — :24ii. :43. At post 2 minutes. Oft at 2:41. Arisbe place 1-2; nhow. 1-4. Del
Carina, place. C; show. 8. Air. show. 8-5. Winner, b ' t. by Brutus- Annie Bucking
ham. Trained by C. W. Carroll. Start good. Won cleverly. Next two driving hard.
Arlsbe best. ' Del Carina pocketed the first part"; ran a nice race. Sea Air looked high
and will improve. Eduardo off poorly. Leah swerved badly. Ragamanda quit.
5SOO. THIRD RACE— Five and a half furlongs; Relllng: 3-year-clda; value to first, W.5.
Index! Horse and Owner. \Vt|St. U. %T *; . Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
5775 Scherzo (Pueblo Stable) 108 8 ... 5 «1 .1 n 3 % 1 3 J Daly 4 «
0^.9 Targette (D. S. Fountain) »5 :» ... 1 Vj 2 HJ1 % 2 *i Hildebrand 6-2 4
5775 Quaker Girl (\V. M. Rogers). 107 1 ... 2 n 4 14 4 2^3 2 Moll 3 6
Prineemont (\\\ P. Fine) 90 4 ... Gn Un fi 1&4 2\i Larsen 8 12
r»6."6 Gene Hendlan (Schreiber) 105 5 ... 4 1>£5 2>$2 n 8 4 Burns 3 11-5
5634 Mlsg Ringlets (E. Carey) 102 0 ... 8 4 7 7 'J 6 H Ollphant .. 5 8
Inspector Munro (T. Fox) 105 2 ... 7 8 \(, 8 2 7 1 J Martin.. 10 16
578» St. Yusef (Summers & Co.).. 100 « 31 In 5n 8'<. Foley 20 20
.VS23 Forest Fire (J. J. McCabe).. 03 7 ... 9 h 8 1 » 1 9 .1* Crosswalte 20 100
5727 Morello R. (GrafTort & Co.).. 100 11 ... 10 1 11 3 10 10 X T Butler.. 30 lOrt
5409 Trixie (El Primero Stable). . |100|12 ... 11 3 10 1 11 11 3 Greenfield .30 00
r)570jThe_Hawalian (Figaro gtable)1104|10 ...12 12 12 12 Kunz 10 20
Time— :25^i. :50'4. 1:09. At post 2 minutes. Oft at 3:03. Scherzo place, 5-2; show. 1.
Targette place. S-5; show. 4-5. Girl, show, 1. Winner, b. c. by Crescendo- Amldo.
Trained by J. Glvens. Start good. Won easily. Next two driving hard. Winner bid
up from $400 to $SCO by F. W. Doss; retained. Winner a good-looking colt and game.
Targette ran her race. Quaker Girl always looked dangerous. Prineemont In the poor
going and bothered pome. Gene .Handlan gavo it up. Miss Ringlets can do better
than this. Inspector Munro showed speed.
»S01. FOURTH RACE— One mile and fifty yards; purse; 3-year-olds & up; to first. $325.
Index Ilcrse and Owner. 'j\Vt St. U . \£. ?< . Str.. Fin. | Jockey, j Op! cf.
5778 Waswift. 5 (J. C. Ycager). . JlOO 2 111 H41 1%1 1 1 l»4|Hildebrand 0 7
5717 Grafter. 6 (Utasingame Bros.)|10« 1 4 li£« 5 4 4 4 2 % J' Martin . 15 1«
5727 Hugh McGowan. S < Rowell).. j 91 3 5 h 2 *i 2 4 2 2 3 Vx Reed 15 12
5707 Soothsayer 4. (Lamasney). !1«C| 5 2 n 3 'J 8>1 3 n 4 15 LArsen .... 7 9
5040 Pachuca 3 (Napa Stable) I 891 « 3 »i 4 1^4 n 5 3 5 4 G. Bullman 10 150
(5775)! Klein wood. 3 (Moshier & Co.) 04| 4 6 5 n 6 6 6 Kunz 25 CO
.%71~ jOnrsman. 4 (L. Kempncr)... 100| » ... ... ... Wonderiy . 2-5 1-2
TImr— :25. :49>'j. 1:16H. 1:41. 1:43% • At post '& minute. Off at 3:30#. Waswift place.
8-5; show, 7-10. Urafter. place. 4; show. 0-5. McGowan, show I. Winner' ch h
by Wauwekus-N>!l Swift. Trained by '.':. Campbell Start good. 'Won easily' Nest
three driving. Oarsman was caught in a V soon after the start and Wonderiy thrown
from his back. He followed the bunch riderless, finlshlns last. Waswift showed im
provement. So did Grafter. Soothsayer backed up. Kleinwood outclassed. 'Fell.
5502. FIFTH RACE— Futurity course; purse; 3-year-olds and up; value to first, 4325.
Tndex| Horse and Owner. JWtlSt. U • ',»• *i- Str. Fin. JockeyT" I Op. CU
5753 Princess Titania. C (Millin). .|l00| 3 ... In 11 21 1 1% Connell ... 8-5 1
5.VS.-, Cascine. S (B. & W.). 103 2 ... 4 2 1»£1 h 2 4 Belt 8-5" ft
(5703)!Letola. 3 (Jennings & Co.)... 87| 4 ... 2 4 3 3 3 4 3 8 Hlldebrand '2 11-5
57CG [Reeves. 4 (Lamasney Bros.).. 104| 1. ... 3 2 4 4 4 L*rsen . . . . 20 25
Time — :24. :4S. 1:10. At post 1 minute. Oft at 3:59. Titania. place, 2-5; fhow, out.
Cascine, place. 7-10; show. out. Letola, show. out. Winner, br. m. by, Masetto- Queen
Titania. Trained by C. T. Patterson. Start good. Won driving. Second and third
rasily. Bell on, Cascine made a sad mess of It. He let his mount fall far out of it the
first part and then made up a dozen lengths going a sixteenth of a mile. He had the
race won in the stretch and then tossed it oft. Letola quit. Reeves a "mudder."'
5503. SIXTH RACE — Seven furlongs; selling; 3-year-olds and up; value to first, $325.
Index] Horse and Owner. Wt'St. 3 ,i . %. ft. Str. Fin. Jockey. Op! CK
5754 Ethel Abbott, 3 (Miller) 87 1 1 1^1 1 2',£1 2>il 5 Hlldebrand ~13^5 3
5610 Mountebank, a (Keating) 107 8 7 1 8 1 6.14 5 . % 2 % J. Martin.. 6 7
5779 Bill Massif. 0 (McAlester) . . . 102 9 9 7 >i 8 2 4 n 3 2>,i Kunz 8 15
6762 Coroner Kelly 3 (Bender) 03 4 8 36 0 7 Vi 6 >J 4 1,4 Oliphant .. 8 7
5773 Harry Thatcher, a (Hastings) 107 3 2 1 3 Vt 4 1 2 M, 5 2H Haaek 7 8
6777 Silurian, O (Lamasney Bros.) 102 5 S h 2 h 3 »J S h 6 1 Foley 4 fi
5G92 Rollick. 6 (M. Jones) 102 2 4 n 5 ij 9 73 75 Larsen 13-5 7-2
57C2 Dorlce .1 (B. Schrelber) 87 7 0 H4-H2n 8 182 Reed 10 15
07S8 lAlbpmarle. 4 (E. Tierney) . . . . 104 0 5 xj 6 n 5 h 9 9 JBell | 10 \-j
Time— :24 :40Vi 1:15U, 1:28V4. At post 1 >4 minute*. Off at '4:25%. Abbott place 7-5
show " 7-10. Mountebank, place, ."; show, 7-5. Massie. show. 3. Winner b f by
Puryear D- Bohemian Lass. Trained by R. D. Miller. Scratched— Bard Burn*, Alta G
Nullah. Start good. Won easily. Second and third driving. Winner never bothered
1 Mountebank stood a long drive. BUI Masslo came from the rear. Thatcher backed up
So did Silurian. L*irsen on Rollick gof lntc many bad positions. Albemarle seems
to have gone back.
Hanlon's intimates claim he was not
injured by the punishment he received
in his fight with Young Corbett. If he
v.as Broad is the kind of boxer to de
velop a weak ppot. He is always
crowding hi? man. He is much easier
to hit than Young Corbett, having a
more open ptyle of fighting. This will
suit Hanlon, and if he has not gone
back be should make an interesting
fight with the New Orleans boxer.
Tho Police Committee of the Board or
Supervisors did not meet yesterday so
no permit has been secured for the
fight. This is considered a minor de
tail as there seems no qm*5,lion that the
San Francisco Athletic Club will secure
the permit.
Manager Alex Greggains of the San
Francisco Athletic Club received word
yesterday from Parson Davies, the
manager of Kid Broad, that the latter
had left New Orleans for this city. He
is due here on Monday morning. His
manager wires that he will weigh about
133 pounds.
Eddie Hanlon took up his former
quarters yesterday at Croll's Gardens,
Alameda. He will be trained, as in the
past, by Harry Foley, and he will have
the services of Fred Landers as spar
ring partner. Hanlon will not give up
much time to boxing. He will do con
siderable road work, fo that his legs
will not tire if the fisht goes a long
way. He will weigh fully as much as
Broad when h» enters the ring.
Rushaway. vs. Frisky Barbara: Olaucus vs.
Cloudburst: Flora Belle vs. Medley: Black
Coon vs. Harefoot Boy: Joe Pasha vs. Had
dlngton; Toronto vs. Crawford Belle; Lulu
Girl vs. Texas Betty; Intruder vs. Van Xora;
Boots vs. Mbnbells; Gold Chain vs. Pasha
Pleasant; Firm Fellow vs. Rose of Gold: Rag
(fpd Actor vs. Mollie Me: Harlean Gladys vs.
Menlo Prince; Foxy Qulller vs. Jessie Pear;
Celtic v*. Bob R: Roy Hughie va. Fancy Free;
Lily York vs. Troublesome; Creswlck vs. Lit
tle Lucy: Melllnwood vs. Fannie Hughle;
Ploughman vs. Clover Blossom; Connie Pasha
vs. Jerry Wright; Red Pepper vs. High Born;
Toppy Turvey v». Royal Friend: Wedgrewood
vs. Rich Arstosy; Full Moon vs. Tlleve-namon;
General de Wet vs. Little Plunger; Comique
vs. Golden Rule; Prometheus vs. Una; Yellow
Tall vs. Homer Boy: Viking vs. Conroy: Frisky
Boy vs. Real Duchess: Mountain Poet vs.
Odd Eyes.
The management of Ingleside Cours
ing Park has decided to promote the
sport but one day a week until the end
of the racing season. It has always
been" customary to run on Saturday
and Sunday, but with strong counter
attractions the Saturday attendance
has been gradually growing small. As
the services of a large number of men
are required it was found unprofitable
to promote the sport on that day.
A sixty-four-dog stake will be run
on Sunday, the first brace of grey
hounds going to the slips at 10 o'clock.
One effect of the change in running
will be the retiring of the poorer dogs.
This Is noticeable already, the class
being much higher this week than for
merly. The coursing will be of more
even character and better sport is ex
pected to result. The draw last night
resulted as follows:
Radford is 22 years of age, and re
sides in this city. The Radfords re
cently acquired from the Government,
by purchase, the Sespe Hot Springs.
Last Sunday. Iladford. accompanied by
Barney Mowery, left for the springs
to remain several months. According
to a telephone message trom Mowery.
at Fillmore. to the Craigs. Radford had
left the camp last Monday morning, and
has not been seen since. He went out
with a shotgun for the purpose of,
hunting quail.
The res»on in which Radford Is lost
is in the highest mountain region of
the county, and is fifty* miles by th*
shortest trail from here. It is believed
that Radford met with some accident
on the ridge. If he became disabled,
so that he could not travel, it is more
than possible that he will be found
frozen to death.
VENTURA, Jan. 21.— Harry Radford
is lost in the mountains up in the
Sespe Hot Springs region. It Is feared
that he has met with a serious acci
dent or foul play. Lions, bears and
other wild animals abound in this ter
ritory. Snow Is on the ridges. Ben and
Robert Craig headed a searching party
and left Fillmore this morning for the
mountains.
Special Dispatch to The Call
NEW ORLEANS, Jan. 21.— Crescent City
summary:
F"lr«t race, sir furlongs — Shortcake won,
Re*pon*ive second, Snowcap third. Time,
1:15 1-5.
Second race, one mile — Felix Bard won.
Caterpillar second. Circus Girl third. Time,
1:42.
Third rare. Fix furlong* — Clangor won. Big
Ben second, ParlVmne third. Time, 1:14 1-5.
fourth race, one and a pixteenth mile*,
handicap — LuraJIshter won. Ethics second.
Hands /.oro*» third. Time. 1:46 4-5.
Fitih rare, three and a half furlonr* — Friar
Tuck iron, ilarret Wilson second. St. Resolute
third. Tim», :45 1-5.
Plxth race, cne and an eighth mlle»—Hand
spinner won. Free Admission second. Lee King
third. Time. 1:56.
New Orleans Race Results.
Sixth race. Slauson course. sellinE—Stem
winder. 101 (K. Walsh). 9 to 10, won: Best
Han. 107 (J. Reiff). '1 to 1. second: Tomrr cf
Candle*. 105 < Rirkenrutb). 4 to 1, thinl. T1ra».
l:12>,i. Xcna B. SUirinleb. Maresa. Cardwell
ton and Vrbaco a'.so ran.
Fifth race, five furlong*, purse — Elwood, 113
<Redf«?rn). 5 to I. wr>n: Darstn. 122 (3. Boland).
4 to 5. second; Atlantico. lift fBuxton). to
1. third." Time. 1:01 34. Momera, Felipe I-'ip",
Gclden Mineral. Golden Bey and Foncacta also
ran.
Fourth rac». Slausxin course, soiling — An
drattur, 107 (Redfern*. 3 to 1. won: Athelro«e.
101 (Mountain). 12 to 1. second: Scepter. lO.'t
<W. Adams). 6 to 1, third. Time, l:ll*i.
F>tado, Brorrn Prinze, Profitable, I>ouwel«ea.
Geisha Girl. Double O ar.d Hilary also ran.
Pecor.'l raoe. for two-year-old*, three fur
long*, selling — Brown Study. 87 «E. Wal»h).
3 to I. wen; ll'lsr. !>3 (3. Booker), even. (>*e
onl; Kiiofia. 108 <W. Adam*). 2 to I, third.
Time, :'t7 ! -. Harry Stf^phen*, Jrrome and
El!a Owen al«o ran.
Third rare, handicap, hurdle*, one ¦ and a
quarter miles — Cambacerp«. 1.'52 (Richards), 7
to 1. won: Hocrlands. 175 (JIcMahon), even.
!=cccnd; Indian II. 138 (Tully). 3 to 2. third.
Lurdan an<1 Ceylon fell; Heir Apparent lost
his jockey.
First race, one mile, sellinc — Taxman, 118
(Rob*rt«on). C to 1, won; Rio Chlco. 110 iSin
ncu). l. r < to 1. gpcond; Jinjfler, 110 (Anderson).
5 to 1, third. Tim*. 1 :43>s Ro«F«>ric. L*gal
Maxim. Go!dcne, IMng and Glenrice finished as
nam»d.
SUMMARY
Taxman at i to 1 took the first race
from nio Chico a 15 to 1 shot, Jingler
b^ingr third. Glenrice, the 1 to 2 favor
ite, could finish no better than fourth.
The two-year-old race at three fur
long? saw the defeat of another favor
ite, when Brown Study beat Melar in
an excMing finish. Hilona was third.
The fourth race, over the Slauson
course, was won by Andrattus at 3 to
1, Athel Ros'e second. Sceptre third.
Elwood repeated his victory of two
days ago in the fifth race, by beating
Dargrin, the odds-on favorite, in clever
style, Atlantico, an outsider, getting
the show. The only winning favorite
of the day was Stemwinder in the last
race, which beat Best Man and Tower
of Candles in the order named. Weath
er clear, track fast.
I-OS ANGELES, Jan. 21.— The talent
had another bad day at Ascot to-day,
but one favorite out of six coming
home in front. There was a good
crowd in attendance and the book
makers again carried home a comfort
able sum. The feature of the day was
a hurdle handicap at a mile and a
quarter over five hurdles. Three of
thr» contestants came to grief. Lurdan
and Ceylon fell at the first jump, and
Heir Apparent lost his jockey at the
last Jump. Cambaceres at 7 to 1 won
easily from Poorlands, the even-money
favorite, which carried a bunch of
weight. Indian II was a poor third.
Only four started in the Futurity
course purse event and the wise divis
ion made the books rub the even money
laid about Princess Titania at post
time. Cascine, which opened equal fav
orite with Johnny Millln's mare, reced
ed to 3 and 3%. . With any sort of fair
ha-ndlingr the Burns & Waterhouse colt
could have won, but the best that can
be said of Bell's work is that it was a
woeful spectacle. He let his mount
drop out of it at the start, then on the
far turn made up a dozen lengths going
a sixteenth of a mile. Turning into the
stretch he passed the Princess and a
furlong from home was still in front.
Then he apparently fell asleep or went
to pieces and the favorite won by more
than a length, Letola downed Reeves
ei-ht lengths for the third position.
Ethel Abbott, ridden by Hildebrand
and favorite for the concluding seven
furlong number, went out in front at
the start and was never headed. Jack
Martin brought Mountebank up, beat
ing out Bill Massie for the place.
NOTES OF THE TRACK.
Hildebrand rode two winners, was
twice second and on two occasions
finished third, a creditable showing.
i Bullman, who is under suspension
owing to his refractory behavior and
failure to fulfill engagements at the
track, will be permitted to accept a
mount in the stake race to-morrow.
Scherzo, winner of the third race,
was bid. up from $400 to $800 by
Frank Doss. The stable retained the
colt.
ENTRIES FOR TO-DAY.
Firnt race — Six furlongs; 4-year-olds and up;
selling:
M54 Petrolla (Knight & Co.) 86
6730 Mr. Phlnzy (Blakeman) 104
f»60G 'Amasa (Rowley) 09
577B El Chihuahua (Spiers) 107
572C "Tom Klngsley (Winter & Co.) 99
5738 Batldor (Fine) 98
6719 Kubellk ( Me All ister & Co. ) 98
5TV4 Lady Kent (Wellman) 102
5778 Wyoming: (Berry) 101
5714 Benlash Oeunese) !tO
6740 'Rustic Girl (Fitzgerald) 01
6742 'MacGyle (Boots & Hollenbeck) J>6
6774 Iflogo (Rafour) 101
5770 Flyer (T. H. Ryan) 98
Second race — One and an eighth miles;
4-vrar-olds and up; sol line:
C7«5 •IlUlouon (Randall) ..101
5731 »Eda RIley (McCafferty) 97
5731 Searcher (Partlngton Bros.) '...104
(0742)*Fille d'Or (McNames) 99
5780 *E1 Pllar (Hapkell) 00
6731 «Frank. Woods (Garden City Stable).. 101
Third race — Six furlong*; 4-year-olds and up;
eelllns: .
<5720)*Myrtle H (Mrs. Hertzell) 102
SG34 Oro Viva (Ward & King) 109
5777 Achilles (McCabe & Co.) 112
577.4 'Captivate (Hildreth) 102
r>380 Egyptian Prlncees (O'Rourke) .90
0€37 »Marello (Qulnlan) 104
.... 'Fair Lady Anna (McCafferty) ........ 9'J
(55»4)*Lady Bimbo (Lagoria & Forbes).... 90
5715 Bnark (Fountain) lot
5776 Pure Dale (Themes & Co.) 104
572S *Glenarvon (Fisher) ;. 101
572S Our Pride (Tate) 100
Fourth race— Six and a half furlongs; three.
year-olds and upward; handicap:
57G5 Lest Knight (Lamasney Bros.) . . 95
5399 Albula (Lamasney Bros.) 105
D753 San Nicholas (Burng & Waterhouse).112
(5754)O'Hagen (Bender & Co.)... ;... 05
67KJ Futurita (Kraft) 00
Dtibl Iridius (Jennings & Co.) : ..110
, Fifth -race — Seven furlongs; three-year-olds;
selling:
(57 62)Celebrant (Hamilton Stable) 110
5762 'The Cure (Fisher) ....102
6791 Et Tu Brute iMoran) ......104
KJI4 KeoKh (Hildreth) ... .104
5702 »Coroner Kelley (Bender & Co.); 102
5727 »Young Pepper ; (O'Rourke) 105
Sixth race — One mile; .four-year-olds and up
ward; selling.! ¦ . ¦ •;¦¦¦¦¦. .
6731 'Martin (Bender & Co.) , ..!>?'
57«S4 Sam Lazarus, Esq. (Stoer). . . . .... . .1<»7
575* 'Harry Beck (Lynch & Co.).'.. .....:. 103
5786 'Flaneur (McCafferty) ............. .103
'6707 Lacy Crawford (Schreiber) ...¦....". ..106
5719 'Stllichp (Jennings & Co.) ......:..-.. 04
CASCINE BADL.Y HIDDEN.
Earney Schreiber's Gene Handlan
went to the post'an 11 to 5 choice for
the next, a five and a half furlong
scramble. Burns rode the colt hard in
an effort to get to the front, but could
not land inside the money. Targette,
the mount of Hildebrand, made all the
running, only to be downed easily at
the finish by Scherzo, a 6 to 1 chance,
piloted by Johnny Daly. Quaker Girl,
a cont< dor throughout, ran. a close
third.
Arisbe, a smart-looking filly by Brn
tus-Annie Buckingham owned by Napa
stock farm, took the three and a half
furlong scramble for two-year-olds. A
3 to 2 favorite with Jack Martin up, she
gradually wore down the lead of Willa
and at the wire finished a length before
DpI Carina, at 15 to 1 shot. Sea Air
ran an ordinary third.
Jockey Otto Wonderiy furnished an
acrobatic entertainment at Oakland
track yesterday not down on the card.
He \iad the mount on Oarsman, the
1 to 2 favorite for the mile and fifty
yard run, ?nd with only 106 pounds to
shoulder the Eastern horse looked like
a certainty. That the bookmakers
have an unseen percentage always
running for them was once more Illus
trated.
Just after the start Wonderiy ran his
mour.t into a "V" formed by the riders
of the inside and outside horses mak
ing play for the pick of the going In
the center of the track, and was
whisked from his seat like a flash,
sfriking on the hard, hard ground.
Otto escaped the flying hoofs, picked
himself ui» and strolled down to the
paddock, escaping without a scratch.
Joe Yeagrer's Waswift, an 8 to 1 shot,
then went on and won all the way,
reachiq? the wire more than a length
ahead of Grafter, a 16 to 1 shot. The
three-year-old Hugh McGowan was
third.
FOLEY'S POOH HORSEMANSHIP.
The track, while good, was still a
trifle Flow. Favorites held their own by
capturing: half the events decided.
With an intelligent ride Emily Oliver
might have won the opening event.
The mare received such consistent
backing that she closed a mild favorite
over Harbor and Hungarian. Foley
dealt out the beEt he could, but that
isn't much, and Emily finished third.
lTHdebrand made all the running with
Harbor, only to be collared and easily
beaten at the finish by Libbie Candid,
a 15 to 1 shot. Tommy Butler rode the
winner.
Stcmwinder Is the Only Public
Choice to Reward His Backers,
Beating Best Man and Others
He Settles Down for a Hasty
Preparation With Harry
Folev as Traincr-in-Chicf
Greyhounds Arc More Evenly
Matched Under the Present
Conditions of Competition
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
Wild Animals Abound in the
Region and the Searching
Parties Begin a Perilous Trip
ONE FAVORITE IN FRQNT
FEAR DISTURBS COMRADES
CALIFORNIA* AT CROLL'S.
THE CLASS IS IMPROVED
Boxer Who Is to Meet Eddie
Hanlon is Due Here on Mon
dav Next at the Latest
Hurdle Race Furnishes Sensa
tional Spectacle for Those in
Attendance at Ascot Park
Ventura Youth Makes a Journey
Into the .Mountains and May
Have Been Lost in the Snow
Accident Happens Just After the Start and the Jockey Has a Fortunate
Escape From Injury— Bell on Cascine Furnishes an Execrable Ride and
Princess Titania Defeats the Colt— Arisbe Takes the Kindergarten Race
Management of Inglcsidc Cours
ing Park Limits the Sport
During the Racing Season
WONDERLY IS THROWN FROM OARSMAN
AND WASWIFT WINS WITHOUT EFFORT
'CHASERS FALL
AT FIRST JUMP
FRIENDS SEEK
LOST HUNTER
DOGS TO RUN
ONE-DAY A WEEK
BROAD STARTS
FOR THIS CITY
SPORTS OF THE RACECOURSE AND HAPPENINGS IN THE PRIZERING AND THE FIELD
THE SAX PRAXCfSCO CALL, FRIDAY/ JANUARY 22; 1904.
WILUTS. Jan. 21 — G eor»o Fairbanks a
Fon of A. J. Fairbanks of this place, accidental
ly, uliot himself, through the foot to-day while
handling a revolver.
10
ORDER F*OR THE
GREAT TWENTIETH CENTURY COOKBOOK
Mail WU Order to 151a San rrancisco Call WltJi 73o.
The San Francisco Call,
San Francisco, Cal.:
Inclosed herewith please *ind 75c, for which send me one
copy, of The Call's Great Twentieth Century Cook Book. (Fifty
Cents is The Call's Premium rate to all its six-month subscrib-
ers and -the additional 25c is to prepay shipping charges.)
STRF'PT BEsH
ADVEBTISEMENT.S,Gas heaters, formerly $4.60, now. $2.50,
at San Francisco Gas and Electric Com
pany, 415 Post street.' . •
J. S. Hutchinson. ( H. W. Thorp, I.
B. Dalziel, J. A. Duncan and G. W.
Smith were appointed a committee. to
confer . with the "Board of Supervisors
in regard to the way in which the
pound may be turned over to the soci
ety. As the matter stand's another or
dinance must be passed before the
transfer can take place.
Secretary Holbrook reported that
during the ; month of December 1668
abused - animals had been afforded re
lief. "The prosecutions numbered 17.
The trustees of the Humane So
ciety decided yesterday to accept«the
offer 'of the Board of Supervisors to
assume charge of the public pound.
The institution will be conducted
along the same lines as it was.when
the society previously had control of
it:. --: ¦',. . . ' .: ¦¦;¦
Committee, Is Apjiointcd to Confer
With Board of Supervisors as
: to Transfer.
HUMANE SOCIETY WILL
TAKE CHARGE OF POUND
Costello's escape on a technicality
did not interfere with the appetite of
the . diners In the discussion . of the
ducks V, and V " accompanying' * dishes.
Topics i bearing on political and social
economics were also discussed inter
estingly by the guests, who included
Superior , Judge William ..P. Lawlor,
Colonel James H.. O'Brien. Dr. John
Gallagher, . George Gallagher, Steve
Costello and Eugene Beauce.
School Director Lawrence F. Walsh
entertained several of his friends with
a duck dinner at his.home on Belve
dere street Wednesday night. The
ducks served were a goodly portion of
a bag of sixty made by Attorney Steve
Costello on the Rio Vista marshes on
the: day previous. Costello had sup
posedly exceeded the legal limit, but
escaped . the meshes of the law by
proving to the . satisfaction of the
Game Warden that ten of the ducks
were geese. : "?)
Entertains Friends With Result, of
Bag Limit 3Iade by Attorney
Steve Costello.
SCHOOL DIRECTOR WALSH
HOST AT DUCK DINNER
The Board of Works was requested
to prepare a map showing the lines of
the property of the Union Oil Com
pany, which has applied for a spur
track -privilege on Illinois street.
sidewalk widths on Clement street,
from Tenth to Thirty-third avenues.
John D. McGilvray was granted per
mission to Lay a spur track on Town
send street, between Seventh and
Eighth.
W. A. Agard lost a suit against
Auditor Shaffer of San Diego County
in the Supreme Court yesterday. The
plaintiff prepared abstracts of mort
gages in the Recorder's office for the
Assessor. His recompense was fixed
by the Recorder and the Board of
Supervisors at $1304. The Auditor
refused to agree to the transaction
and suit against him was commenced.
Section 3678 of the Political Code,
which "gives to boards of supervisors
the power of fixing the compensation
of county officials, is cited by Agard
in support of his contention. Article
11, section 5 of the^ constitution is
cited by Auditor Shaffer in reply. It
is found that the two ) laws conflict
and the court therefore declares the
first mentioned invalid., •£
The decision is of considerable im
portance because it affects the finan
cial status of county officers in various
parts of the State. •
Supreme Court Removes Certain Pow
ers Granted Boards of Super
visors by Political Code.
AGARD LOSES STRUGGLE
FOR SOME COUNTY COIN
William Gerber, whose 70 years give
him the appearance of a man leaning
over the outer edge of eternity, was
sentenced by Judge Cabaniss yesterday
to flve months in the County Jail for
passing fictitious checks. The com
plaining witness was Mrs. Kate Jun
gers. who has a resort for the extin
guishment of thirst for those who do
their training in Golden Gate Park.
Altogether Gerber imposed on the wom
an for $90 by fictitious drafts. -He has
been previously convicted of similar of
fenses within the last two years.
Francisco Rossi and Gionani Fossa
were on preliminary trial for the mur
der of Vincenso Lavaginlno before
Judge Conlan yesterday. They are ac
cused of beating Lavagnino into a
pitiable condition and leaving him
leaning against a fence on Lombard
street and Van Ness avenue. From the
effects of the injuries Lavaginino took
an voyage into eternity and a charge
of murder was lodged against his al
leged assailants.
A peculiar witness was on the stand
yesterday, who laid claim to the name
of Olympio Dezini. The witness testi
fied that on the night of the alleged
crime he had left his bed for a stroll
and met a woman on Van Ness avenue
who asked for a cigarette. With" the
chivalry of an Italian gentleman he ac
commodated the "loidy." His reminis
cences were vague and weak, although
he remembered everything connected
with the murder. Judge Conlan was
somewhat anxious on the memory
proposition, and he took the witness in
hand himself.
He asked if there still lingered in the
brain of the witness any remembrance
of what she looked like, whether she
was tall or short, what color of gown
she wore and various other interroga-
BOARD OF EDUCATION . .
FORMS TWO NEW CLASSES
ENTERS ROOM BY USING
A CONVENIENT LADDER
removalB or violate the charter in any
particular. Attorney John B. Gartland
will appear with A. Ruef in defense of
the suit.
PERMITS CITY OFFICIALS
TO ENTER AXY THEATER
Provides Additional Accommodations
for Pupils in Everett and Wash
ington Grammar Schools.
The Board of Education yesterday
formed two new classes, one in the
Everett Grammar School and one in
the Washington Grammar.
It was resolved to establish an un
graded class in the Hancock School
instead of the Adams School, and
Mrs. M. Steuart was appointed teacher
of the class. ,
Harvey J. Alexson was appointed
janitor of the Horace Mann School,
vice 51. J. Kerrigan, resided, and
Patrick Power was elected Janitor of
the Jefferson School, vice Alexson.
The following circular to teachers
and principals was issued yesterday
by Surjerintendent Langdon:
Principals will pleane ?end to this office at
once report on absences of teachers from in
stitute, giving names of absentees, names of
those tardy and the number of times absent
or trady.
Principals will please report to this office
the number of Japanese pupils In their re
spective schools. .
Work for the St. Louis Exposition should be
completed and cent. to this office at once, i
There will be a *nule meeting of the teach
em of the sixth and weventb grades for In
struction In the u*« of the new history In
th«» Mission High School auditorium at 3:45
Tuesday afternoon. January 28. -
There trtll be a Krade meeting of the teachers
of the eighth grade for Instruction In the use
of the new history in room 356. City Hall, at
3:45 Thursday afternoon. January 28.
William Noon. cx-Oonviet and Potato
Peddler, Is Arrested on a Charge
of Burglary.
William Noon, an ex-convict and
potato 'peddler, was booked at the
City Prison yesterday by Policemen
Hurd and Pearl on a charge of bur
glary. Noon is accused of having en
tered the lodging-house of Mrs. An
nie Carr. 502 Post street, late Wed
nesday night and forcing open and
ransacking a small trunk. He also
attempted to force open a closet door.
After leaving the Carr lodging
house he crossed the courtyard and
climbed up a ladder to the room of
Charles Henser in the lodging-house,
503 Mason street. The noise made
by him in opening the window attract
ed the attention of H. Asher, another
roomer, and when he went to inves
tigate Noon retreated by way of the
ladder, which was broken in his de
scent Mrs. Carr heard the noise and
saw Noon going . downstairs. In' his
haste he threw off his coat, which was
handed to Hurd and Pearl. In the
pockets they found a "jimmy."
About 3 o'clock ve&terday morning
the officers were informed that a
coatlcss man was on O'Farrell street,
ar.<3 they found Noon and placed him
unJer arrest. He was identified by
Mrs. Carr.
BOARD OF WORKS WILL
¦ 3IAKE 3IORE REMOVALS
Purcliascs Crippled Ilorsc.
The Supervisors' Committee on
Electricity met yesterday and directed
the Department of Electricity to buy
another horse instead of one pur
chased for 5200. which- was found to
be crippled nnd unfit for use. The
hor$« vaa bought from M. Marx and
h« will be asked to take the horse back
and two more wil! be purchased by
the d*M.artrc<»nt, even »f they should
cert raoro than J200.
Sr.es for Damages for Injuries!.
Eir.elje Hanford, who was run over
b? n wagon driven by nji employe of
II. H. Youn?, the baker, last October,
sued Toung yesterday for $5000 dam
!5' s for lhf> injuries she sustained.
The accident occurred at the corner
of l$u«?a aiid Polk street*.
Ordinance Favored by Fire Commit
tee Provides for Constant Inspec
tion of Playhouses.
The Supervisors' Fire Committee
yesterday recommended the incor
poration of an additional section in
the theater ordinance providing thn.t
the Mayor, Supervisors, Works Com
missioners, City Architect. Building
Inspectors and attaches of the Fire
and Police departments shall at any
lime be privileged to enter any theater
to ascertain if the ordinance is being
"complied with.
The committee reported in favor of
the ordinance providing for the con
struction of ground floor pipe casing
holes through the first floors of build
ings as a protection against fire;
Assistant Fire Chief Dougherty
spoke in favor of automatic sprinklers
as against the perforated system on
the ground that there was too much
responsibility placed on firemen with
the latter system. A test- of the sys
tem will be made in' the Spring Valley
Water Works yards on Bryant street,
near Fourth, to-day at 2 o'clock.
The Street Committee yesterday re
ported In favor of street work on Her
mann street, between Buchanan and
Markot; Twenty-sixth street, between
Guerrero and Dolores; Bryant street,
between Twenty-flrst and Twenty-sec
ond; Twenty-first street, between,Bry
ant and York/ anfi Dupont street, be
tween Sacramento" and California, at a
cost of $2000, and the reduction of
sioner Schmitz at Once and
Ratified Litter.
Cliangcs to Be Ordered by Commis-
] The Board of Public Works to-day
will make some more changes among
Its employes by removing some and
appointing their successors. Action
will be taken by President Schmitz.
which will be ratified by the board at
; next Wednesday's meeting.
The positions to be. declared vacant
are mainly minor ones under the con
trol of the board. Schmitz. has the
list of those to be removed already
prepared. - «
The Board of Works filed its answer
to the suit brought by F. J. Symmes to
restrain it from making removals
among its civil service, employes. In
its answer the board denies Symmes'
Allegation that it intends to make the
James E. Mars, who lives at the
Winchester Hotel, met Delia Clancy
at the Olympia dance hall, 519 Pa
cific street, early yesterday morning.
Subsequently Mars discovered that his
purse, containing $120, was missing. He
notified the police and Delia was ar
rested on a charge of grand larceny.
Is Sorry He 3Iet Her.
John Morrissey was convicted by
Judge Conlan yesterday for selling
liquor without a license. Morrissey con
ducts a joint on Mission street, and he
told the Judge that his eyes were bad,
so that when he gave a policeman a
drink of whisky he thought it was
cider. He was really surprised that
there was any whisky on the prem
ises. Judge Conlan's temperature went
up 9 degrees during the narration, and
the policeman, new to his trade, nearly
made a rough house in the court.' He
arose in his wrath and declared that
he knew whisky when he tasted it,
which was probably true.
At the time of Woo Sook's prelimi
nary examination in Judge Cabaniss*
court hi? attorneys claimed that the
Chinese Six Companies had posted a
proclamation throughout Chinatown
threatening all Chinese Xvho would
testify in Woo Sook's favor with dire
penalties and the presidents were cited
to appear in court. Woo Sook's attor
neys said that they could not get any
witnesses to testify for him and that
vas the reason for his plea of guilty.
Woo Sook, alias Woo Sook .Jim.
pleaded guilty in Judge Lawlor's court
yesterday to a charge of robbery and
was sentenced to serve twelve years in
Folsom penitentiary. He was one of
the gang of highbinders who broke
into a store at 726 Dupont street on
the night of May 30. 1902, and, after a
desperate fight with the proprietors
and clerks, during which Wong See
Chung, the complaining witness, was
seriously wounded, they fled with their
booty. Two of them were arrested
Fhortly afterward and were tried, con
victed and sentenced. Woo Sook was
arrested in Portland about five months
ago.
Sentont-ed to Serve Twelve Years
in Kolsom Penitentiary.
Woo Sook, Alias Woo Sook .Tim, Is
She will appear on Saturday, Janu
ary 30, to be formally sentenced to
imprisonment for life, when her at
torneys will probably file a motion for
a new trial.
Great satisfaction was felt yester
day in the District Attorney's office at
the conviction of Mrs. Martha E. Bow
ers by a jury in Judge Cook's court of
the charge of killing her husband by
administering arsenical poison to
him. The District Attorney will con
sider the advisability of taking the
case of Mrs. Zylphia Sutton. Mrs.
Bowers' sister, before the Grand Jury.
She was jointly charged with Mrs.
Bowers,' but at the conclusion of the
preliminary examination before Po
lice Judge Cabaniss was discharged.
'Mrs. Bowers remained in the City
Prison till yesterday afternoon, when
she was taken by a Deputy Sheriff to
the branch county jail. She was vis
ited by Mrs. Sutton, who remained
with her till the Deputy Sheriff ap
peared. Mrs. Bowers had her face
covered with a heavy black veil,
which protected her from the gaze of
a crowd that had gathered on the
sidewalk in front of the Hall of Jus
tice.
District Attorney "Will Consider Ad
visability of Taking Her Sister's
Case Before Grand Jury.
MS. BOWERS' CONVICTION*
GIVES SATISFACTION
chjxksf: pleads guilty
to charge of robbery
An investigation of Hayes' criminal
record is somewhat interesting. He
began his career in 1867, when he was
arrested for burglary in this city and
sent to Folsom for one year. In 1869
he was convicted of robbery and sen
tenced to San Quentin for five years.
As soon as he emerged he stole a grip
arid went to the County Jail for thirty
days. In September, 1874, he spent 100
days in the County Jail for battery.
The following year he went to Folsom
on a charge of burglary for two years
and three months. On his release he
committed the crime of grand larceny
in Colusa County and went to San
Quentin for three years. When he was
released he invaded the peaceful pre
cincts of San Francisco and committed
the crime of battery, for which he
served six months in the County Jail.
In the last week of December, 1S81,
he was convicted of petty larceny, with
a prior conviction, and sent to San
Quentin for two and a half years.
After his release the Sacramento au
thorities got hold of him and sent him
to Fo-lsom oa a • burglary charge for
two years. When he was released _ in
1887 he went to San Jose and commit
ted grand larceny,, for which he re
ceived a sentence of five years in Fol
som. He was discharged in Septem
ber, 1900.
Now he is sitting at the feet of the
Goddess of Justice, whom he spurned
in the golden days of his youth, and
seeking to claim what he never lost, to
the detriment of an honest man.
It took about one-tenth of a second
for, Judge Fritz to make up his mind
in regard to the complaint of forgery
against Coleman Conroy, a saloon
keeper at 215 Third street. The defend
ant was dismissed without a showing.
The complaining -witness was a man
who gave his name as Hugh Hayes.
His real name is Patrick Hayes. He
was suspiciously careful in all the evi
dence he gave and told a remarkable
story of how a hardworking man had
been bunkoed by a merciless saloon
keeper. His story was entirely too
specious for scrutiny and his appear
ance was against him. He refused to
answer a question as to whether he had
ever been convicted of a felony until
ordered to do so by the Judge. Then
he coyly admitted to one term.
A railroad ticket is not a contract,
according to a decision rendered by the
Supreme Court yesterday. It is also
declared thot transportation companies
may make rules and regulations be
yond what appears on the face of a
ticket and that the passengers must
comply with them all. Two Justices
strcngly dissent from the opinion of a
majority of the court.
Wcrthington Ames purchased from a
Southern Pacific agent at the ferry
station a ticket to I>>s Angeles on the
Owl train in November, 183?. He was
informed that he must engage a berth
in one of the sleepers. It happened
that no berth could be secured and
Anes took a seat In the tlay coach. He
•was put off at Port Costa, with instruc
tions to board the next train. He came
; .: •¦¦: to San Francisco instead and
commenced a suit for damages.
The jury in th<? Superior Court re
turned a verdict in favor of the cor
poration and Ames appealed.
His argument is that a railroad tick
et is a contract pure and simple. In
the case at bar nothing w^s said on the
ticket about the necessity of procuring
a bprrh. A first-class passage on
"train No. 'Owl' " was guaranteed. The
Supreme Court says that a ticket- is
more of a receipt than a contract. It
is held that the company may impose
Fuch additional conditions as it may
pep fit and that the passenger is bound
to observe them. Justice Van Dyke Is
the author of the opinion and with
htm Justices McFarland. Lorisan and
Hensbaw directly concur.
Justice Shaw writes a scathing dis-
FT.ting opinion. He asserts that the
judgment of his colleagues is incon
sistent and cites numerous authorities
to support his contention. At one point
In his argument he says: "I think it
has never before been decided that the
rules and regulations of a railroad
company are of greater potency than
the law of the land, and when incon
sistent with and contrary to a written
contract into which the company has
« r.tered are paramount thereto and
famish the legal measure of the rights
<<f parties instead of the contract it
self."
Justice Shaw maintains that a rail
road ticket is a contract and not a re
ceipt. Chief Justice Beatty concurs
with Justice Shaw.
He added that the case was without
doubt the most remarkable one ever
brought before a' Judge in the Superior
Court of San Francisco, inasmuch as
the defendants are seeking to press
charges and that no evidence has been
brought forth to show that the law has
been violated In any particular in
stance.
McEnerney stated that the wharves
on which the commission men sold per
ishable property were the property of
the people and merely held In trust for
them by the Board of Harbor Com
missioners, and that therefore the Har
bor Commissioners had no right to
take such abrupt action or to act with
out giving due notice to the firm.
Webb. was followed by McEnerney,
whose argument took up the remainder
of the session. He sought to show
that the Board of Ha'rbcr Commis
sioners had acted illegally, beyond a
doubt, in revoking the permit of Wet
more Bros., and based his claims on
the fact that no specific charges had
been filed against the firm.
MaEnerney even, insinuated that the
members of the firm were ignorant of
the charges made against them, and
that when they were Drought before
the board at the hearing held on De
cember 3" last the board introduced no
evidence that would warrant the revo
cation of the firm's permit.
WHARVES PUBLIC PROPERTY.
Webb sought to show where the
plaintiff had violated the law in many
instances and said that, although no
specific charges had been made by the
Harbor Commissioners, still the charges
had been set forth clearly in a gen
eral way and there was sufficient evi
dence to show that the firm had vio
lated the law and abused the privilege
which the Board of Harbor Commis
sioners had granted.
SAYS FIRM VIOLATED 1a AW.
The arsuments in the case of Wet
mc-re Bros, against the Board of Har
bor Commissioners for a writ restrain
ing the board from revoking the per
mits of the firm came to a close yes
terday afternoon in Judge Sloss' court.
The Judge took the case under ad
visement and will render a decision
possibly within the, next two weeks.
Attorney Garret McEnerney ccm
sumed a greater part of the day with
the closing argument for the plaintiff.
He commenced his speech as soon as
Attorney General Webb concluded at
11:30 o'clock and held the floor till after
4. McEnerney devoted a deal of his
time to quoting references from va
rious decisions that have been handed
down In similar cases in this and other
States.
When the case was called, the At
torney General arose to conclude his
argument. After summing up the evi
dence introduced by both sides. Webb
stated to the court that in his opinion
the Harbor Commissioners had demon
strated beyond a doubt that they had
acted In the right in revoking the per
mits of Wetmore Bros., and that cm
such a showing there was really no
ground for an injunction.
Between 11 and 12 o'clock that night
Chief Wittman and Captain Martin
stationed themselves in a window of a
restaurant at Eddy and Mason streets
and saw the woman and Alexander
meet on the opposite side of the street.
They saw her pass something to Alex
ander after they had conversed for
about a minute and she left. Captain
Martin brought Alexander before the
Chief and the marked coin was found in
Alexander's pockets. He was at once
suspended.
Although the woman gave her testi
mony at the preliminary hearing be
fore Police Judge Conlan, she positively
refused to testify at the trial before a
jury in Judge Lawlor's court and was
ordered into custody for contumacious
conduct. Speculation is rife as to what
course she will pursue at the second
trial.
A jury was impaneled in Judge Law.
lor's court yesterday ' for- the second
trial of Ernest Alexander on the
charge of extortion while a member of
the Police Department. At the first
trial, about four months ago. the jury
disagreed. The jurors impaneled yes
terday were Solomon Schloss. Marcus
Franklin, William B. Wilshire, Cormac
Carberry. Frank Elliott, Louis Hoeck
ele. Matthew McCarty. William P. Lam
bert, Charles C. Stallman, John T.
Hodges, Henry C. Muus and August
Warnecke. The defendant is represent
ed by Attorneys W. W.. Foote and T.
M. O'Connor, and Assistant District At
torney Ferral represents the people.
After the jury had been impaneled the
case was continued till this morning.
Alexander's suspension on December
4, 1902, followed by his arrest and the
transfer of several officers on beats in
the "tenderloin district" to other dls r
tricts, caused consternation in the de
partment. .Chief- Wittman had received
information .that Alexander was ex
torting'money from women of the half
world who frequented his beat. on Ma
son street, and one of them, Mamie
Lin, alias Lulu Wilson, on the night
of December 4, 1902, got $2 50 in marked
coin from Chief Wittman to give to
Alexander, as she admitted that she
had been paying tribute to him for
some time, but had refused to pay any
more and he had threatened to keep
her off his beat.
The resignation of Dr. B. F. McElroy
as residert physician of the City and
County Hospital was accepted.
The charges against ex-Inspectors
Hartley and Green of destroying public
records were dropped on the report of
a committee that the destruction con
sisted of the tearing of six unimpor
tant copies of letters out of the letter
book.
The request of J. F. English that the
board pay for some plumbing which
had been torn out of areas in the Chi
nese district was denied.
The position of dairy inspector held
by E. D. O'Connor was declared vacant
and E, C. Smith was appointed to the
vacancy.
DECLARES PLACE VACANT.
The following attending staff from
the College of Physicians and Surgeons
was appointed to the City Hospital:
Drs. F. W. Lux. F. Williams,- A. W.
Morton. J. M. Stowell, Winslow An
derson, Sophie Kobicke, W. F. South
ard. A. Schloss. D. A. Hodghead. C. G.
Wilson, Louis Gross and J. M. Stowell.
The complaint of Inspector Hassler
that the Sixteenth street main sewer,
between Folsom and Bryant, is choked
with mud, which may at any time be
the main factor of an epidemic, was re
ferred to the Board of Works.
The following assignments of wards
in the City hospitals were made:
University of California— Wards C,
D, O, N. E.
Cooper Medical College — Wards L, J,
K and a half of G.
College of Physicians and Surgeons-
Ward M. a half of H and a half of G.
Hahnemann Medical College— Ward
A, a half of B and a half of F.
California Medical College— A half of
wards H and B.
Maternity ward— A half of ward F
for all schools.
The rules for the Central office force,
inspectors and City Hospital were
adopted.
ASSIGX3IEXTS OF WARDS.
Julia M. Kane was appointed super
intendent of the Training School for
nurses at the City Hospital, vice Mary
Strand.
Other appointments were:
Josie Moynahan, 'matron Emergency
Hospital.
James Reaney, factory inspector.
T. A. Maguire, Thomas Kane and I.
L. David, disinfectors.
Thomas T. Dolan, bakery, bath and
laundry inspector.
City Hospital— O. Ledwith. chief cook,
vice R. Myatt: P. Piaggi, second cook,
vice E. Gill; J. Sarsfield, fourth laun
dryman, vice O. Masterson; E. R
Bailey, waiter, vice O'Connor; J. Mc-
Grath, waiter, vice R. Harms.
The positions of ambulance drivers in
the Emergency hospitals held by J
Meisner, C. A. Dillory, A. Baker and
T. Schllnck were declared vacant, and
J. Meisner. A. Baker, J. J. Flynn and
D. C. Moriarity were appointed to the
vacancies.
Almshouse— Joseph Riley. engineer,
vice A. Cameron, removed: Thomas
Reanly, mechanic, vice C. Melrcrse; J.
Mayer, foreman baker, vice M. Crow
ley; H. B. Crozt, cook, vice A. Hamil
ton; Joseph Gavigan, attendant, vice
E. Cuddy; C. H. Low, teamster, vice
T. McXamara.
The Board of Health yesterday re
sumed-its official decapitation of em
ployes in various departments under
its control and the appointment of suc
cessors to the vacancies thus created.
The following named were appointed
to nil positions, to take effect February
1, 1904:
Attorney McEnerney Tries to
Show That Commissioners
Committed an Illegal Act
Holder of Ticket Must Also
Have sleeper Coupon to Be
Entitled to Ride on the Owl
Adopts Rules and Regulations
for the Conduct of Central
Office and County Hospital
Scandal That Caused an JLTp
'heaval. in Police Circles
Will P>e Again Ventilated
When Captain Martin was asked
about the detention of Mrs! Heath, he
sparred for a time, and then stated that
in his opinion and from what he
learned from his detectives both
women were notorious shoplifters. He
said that the reason for the detention
of Mrs. Herth was that the depart
ment wished to have her photograph.
He finally admitted that if he had been
personally present he would have al
lowed Mrs. Herth's release on the order
issued by Judge Mogan.
Mrs. Herth and her husband, Frank
Herth, strenuously deny that either
one of them has done anything unlaw
ful during life. They have em
ployed counsel and say they will make
a finish fight in a civil suit for the
wrongful detention of the woman.
Judge Mogan, who issued the order of
release, said yesterday: "In my official
capacity I take no cognizance of a
'small book." As -far as I know, every
offense is bailable, except murder. Per
sonal liberty is the greatest right ac
corded to citizens of the United States,
and the proposition of securing surety
to enforce this is the basis of all Eng
lish and American . law, in order that
personal detention jnay not be enforced
from malicious complaints. When I
issued the order for Gertrude Herth's
release on $100* bail I did so on repre
sentations that I fully believed, in my
judicial capacity. Why she was not
released I cannot understand." •
During Wednesday evening Mrs.
Herth's husband applied to Judge
Mogan for an order fixing bail in the
case of his wife, and the amount of $100
in the case was exacted. When the
order was presented to the Police De
partment, accompanied by an order of
release, from Judge Mogan, no record
of the woman could be found. She was
buried deeply in the detinue cells. The
acting officials did go to the trouble
of- telephoning to Captain of Detec
tives Martin, who was at the Olympic
Club. They told him about the order
made by Judge Mogan fixing the ball
for Mrs. Herth, and he told them that
if the woman was charged on the pub
lic records with any crime to accept
the order; if she were not, to disregard
it •
She was one of two women taken into
custody for the alleged stealing of a fur
from a store at 113 Grant avenue. The
other woman, Hattie Green by name,
was formally charged with the crime
of petty larceny and released on $200
cash bail. But there was no such good
fortune for Mrs. Herth. She was locked
up in what is technically known in
police circles as the "tanks," and the
record of her detention was written on
what is known as "the small book,"
which is such a sacred document that
only the elect of the police force may
gaze upon its sullied pages.
Chief of Police Wittman, Captain of
Detectives Martin and the City ' and
County of San Francisco are threatened
with heavy damage suits as a result of
the detention of a woman named Ger
trude Herth, who was compelled to
spend Wednesday night and nearly all
• he forenoon of yesterday in a cell at
the city prison, contrary to all the pro
visions of the constitution of the Uni
ted States relating to human liberty.
tories that might establish identity. To
all of these the witness returned vague
answers. Finally the Judge became im
patient and blurted out the question,
"Was this woman white or black?"
The witness confessed he was unable
to say what her color was, although he
admitted he had been in her company
for more than fifteen minutes.
Still he could clearly remember that
during his talk with the. woman he saw
Rossi, Fossa and a brother of the latter
carrying the unconscious form of La
vaginino and leaning it up against a
fence at Lombard street and Van Ness
avenue. Judge Conlan did not care to
discuss the case, which Was continued
until Monday, but the impression made
by the first witness for the prosecution
was clearly not favorable. As many as
the courtroom would hold of the Italian
colony of the city crowded into its nar
row precincts during the hearing of
the case and the odor of garlic and red
wine has forever Impregnated the walls
of the courtroom.
TAKEN UNDER ADVISEMENT
CHARGED WITH EXTORTION
AMKS GETS NO DAMAGES
Snpreme Court Decides That
Company May Compel All
Passonirers to Purchase Berths
Case of the Commission Men
Against the Harbor Board
Submitted to Judge Sloss
Police Ignore Bail Order in Case of Mrs. Gertrude
Herth, Who Will Bring Damage Suit for De
tention in "Tanks" After Judge Allowed Bonds
Jury Impaneled in Judge Law
lors Court to Hear the Case
of Ex-Policeman Alexander
I NAMES NEW INSPECTORS
i Doelnros Number of Positions
in City Institutions Vacant
and Thon Appoints Successors
READY TO FACE
ANOTHER TRIAL
LAWYERS CLOSE
LONG ARGUMENT
HEALTH BOARD
AGAIN USES AX
SUIT IS WON
BY RAILROAD
SACREDNESS OF THE SMALL BOOK
TO BE TESTED IN THE COURTS
THE SAN j FRANCISCO CALL', FRIDAY,. JANUARY 22, 1904.
11
BAILWAY TBAVEL 1
SOUTH ERN PACIFT6
Traius leuTe >*»<! stro alue to urn ve at
-.AN FK.VNt:i>Ct».
(Main Line, root uf M.irltct Street » .
MAT! . - y«"M PgCKMn«E Z9. VMO. — AKBITI
"'7.00*. V«e*Ytlle. Winter*. Uu.n«ey 7ttr
70iU a. Bealcta, Sattnn. Eliulra and S »cr*-
m<»nto 7.25*
7J0a Vsllejo. X«jm». C»!!»w>s*. Santa
Uu«a, Martluei, Sin Uamon 8-25r
7-30* Nlles. Ltveruore. Tracy. Lathrop.
Stoc*:on 7-25»
8.00* Sh»«fc» Express— (VI* DavUi.
wmiiurr* (f.»r Cartlstt 9prtnjj«>.
Willows. ?Kn:ti>. Ked DluS.
Portlnart. Tacotna. S-«tr> 7.53V
8.00a Darts. WoodUnd. Kn!s!»ts La.idiag.
M.iry«vllle. Ororlllo 7-5Sr
830a Port Costa. Martinex. Aailocb.
Brron. Tracy. Stockton. Xcw-
ch3, Los lUoua. Hondo:'..
Annona, lisotonL V Its it-,
Portrrrills 4.25»
8.33a Port Custa. Martinez. Trscy. Latb-
rop. Modesto. Merced. Kresao.
6o*Hea Junction. Hanford.
> Vl«a!ta. nakemfleld 4.55*
¦•30a Nllen, 8»n Jone. Llrermore, block-
ton. (tMllton). loac, Sacramento,
Ptacerrllle. Marjstllle. Chlco,
Red Btnft 4-23*
8.30a Oakdale. Chinese. Jame^towa. So-
nora. Tn<'tumae »n.l Anifels 4 2a*
9 00. Atlantic P.ipra**— ©Kiler.anit fc»<«. 11.25*
8-33a Klcamond. Marttae* »nd Way
Stations 8.55*
10 00a The Orerlsnd Ltmtted — Ofden.
• Dearer. Otna^ii. Chicago. 8 2}f
1000a Vsllejo 12-2**
10-00* Lo» Amrele* Passenger — Port
Costa. Marttnes. Byroa. Tracy.
Latarop. Stockton. Merced.
Uarm»ail. Fresno. Goshen Junc-
tion, Hanf.trd. Lemoorc. Vlsalia.
Bajtersaetd. Xo% Angel's 7-2S»
1?03u Hsysrsrd. Nllesand Way Stations. 5 2:>e
t'.OOr 8»<rainentoi:!Ter Sseamer* tllCOi"
JJOr Bantcta. Winters. Sacramento.
Woodland. Knights Landing. . -
Marysv'.lle. Orovillo sad way
stations 12-53 4
3.3Cr narward. Nlles sn-J Way Stations.. 7.55?
3.30P Port Costa. Martinez. Byron,
Tracy. Latbrop. Modesto.
Merced. Fresao and Way Sta-
tions beyond Port Costa 12-25*
3.30* Martinez. Tracy. Stockton. Lodl... 10 25*
4 QQr Mirtlaez.Siin Uamon.ValleJa,Napa,
Ca!i*to(ta. Sn'Ana. 9 25*
4 COp Kites. Tracr. Stockton. I.cx'.i 4.2SP
4.307 Hayward. Nlles. lrrlngton, San ) tS.55*
Jose. Llrertnoro I tl 1.55a
6 OOr Tne Owl Limited — N> »m.n. Los
Bados. M- nil '>'.:>. Fresno. Talara.
liakerineld. Loa Angeles.
Go'.den State Limited Sleeper,
Oakland to Los Angele*, Ui Chi-
cago. Tla C. R. I- * P 8534
S.OOr Port Costa. Tracy. Stockton 12 23?
tS 33p llnywarti*. Nlles an<l San Jos* ..... 7 23a
6.00p llayward. Kl'es and San Jo«e 9.&&a
6.C0r Kastrrn Express — Orden. l>eoTer.
Omaha, St. Louis, Chlesno and
East. Tort Costa. Denlcla. Kut-
saa. Elmira, Paris, Sacramento,
liocklin. Auburn, Colfax.
Trnckte, Boca. Heno. 'Wads-
worth. Wlnnemncca 523»
6.00p Vallejo, dally, -xiept Sunday I <* ca s
700r Vstlejo, Suaday only f «¦»»»
7.00i* hlrbmond. su Prtblo. Port Costa.
Murtin-* snd Way stations 1 1 25a
BXBp Oregon * California Express — 8ae-
ramento, JJary^rllle. Rctrtlng.
Portland. Pnget Sound and East. 3 55*
9.10p Haywarrt. Nile* and Saa Jose (Sun-
dayonly) 11834
COAST LINE Oarrow «.a«ge).
(Foot of Mitrget Street.)
B.I 5a Newark. «?entervli]e. S«n Joaa.
Kelton. llouliier Creek. Santa
Cruz and Way Stations 6-U*
t2-15r Kewark, Centerrtlle. Saa Jcia.
Vtw Almaden,Los Gato*.ye:ton, v
Bonlder Creek. Santa Cms sad
Principal Way Stations f 1 0*55 «.
4-15P Newark. Saa Jose, Lostiatoa and I »8.S5»
way etatlon* ):10 55*
OS 3Qp Hunters Tr*tn. Saturday only. Sao
Jo»e and Way Stations. Retura-
Infffrom Los Gatoa Rnnrtur onlr. 17 25*
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN * KAJ. CISCO, Foot ut Market St. (SIlpO
-rr.li »:0O 11: (io a.m. ICO 3 00 5 15 pm
from OAKLAND. Foot of Broadway — tfi-.Oo ;j:jt
t9:03 10:00 A.M. 12 00 2 00 400 P.M.
COAST LINE <UroaU Uaace).
Cy~<lHlrd »nJ t'uwmeatl 3;rect».)
610 a San Jose and Way Stations 6-30r
7 00* Saa Jose and Wsy Stations S33i>
8 00a New Almadea (Tues., Frtd.. only). 4-13*
8 00a The Coaster— Stops only San Jone,
Gllroy t*»>naectloa for not lit-
ter). Pajaro, Castrorllle (con-
nection to and from Maaterey
and Pacific Grove). Salinas. Saa
Ardo, Paso Robles, Santa Mar-
garita, San Luis Oblspo, principal
•rations thence Surf (connection
tor Lorn poo), principal stations
thence Santa Barbara,Saa Bneaar
Ttatnra, Sangus. Los Angeles... 13-43*
C.COa Saa Jose. Tres Ptnos. Capitola,
EantaCrQcPaclflcGrove.Saltnaa,
San Lnla Oblspo and Principal -
Way Stations 4.10>>
1C30a. San Jose and Way Stations . 1.20p
11-30a 8anta Clara. San Jose, Loa Gatos
and Way Stations 7.30*
130r San Jose and W»y Stations 3-J<U
••COT Del Monte Ex press— Santa Clara,
San Jose. Dei Monte, Monterey.
Pacific Grore (connects at Santa
Clara for Santa Cmz. Doslder
Creek and Narrow Gauge Points)
st Gllroy for- Holllster. Trea
Ptnos. at Castrnrltle for Salinas. 12-15*
3-30r Tres Ptnos War Passenger 10 43a
4 30r Baa Jose and Way Stations tS-OOa
t5 00 p Saa Jose. (Tla Santa C!ara) Loa
Gatos. aad Prtncipal Way Sta-
tlona (except 9nnday> +9 00a
5b 30* SanJoieandPrinclpalWayStations 13.40*
i.lOr fconset Limited.— ttedwo.fl. San
Jose, GtIroy.Sallnas.Piuo Uobles.
San Lois Oblspo, Santa Barbara.
Los Angeles. Demise. El Paso.
New Orleans. New York. Con-
nects at Pajaro for Saata Crm
and at CsstroTfUA for Paclflc
Grove and Way Stations 7-18*
tt-ISr SanMateo.Beresford.Uelmont.Saa
Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oalea.
MenloPark. Palo Alto t8.41*
5 JOp San Jose and War Stations 839*
8-COi* Palo Alto and Way Stations 13.1&*
¦1.30r South San Francisco, Mtilbrne. Bur
ltngame. San Mateo. Beintont.
Ean Carlos. Redwood, Fair Oaks.
Menl» Park, and Palo A'.to 9 43*
<x11.30p Uayneld, Mountain View. Sunny-
rale, Lawrence. Santa Clara and
B»n Jow t3-43»
? for MorntnR. P f or After noon.
1 Sunday exeepted. t Sunday only,
a Saturday only.
I Stops at all stations oa Snaday.
Or Only trains stopping at Valencia St. tomnboan
s r»b: 10 a.m.,7:0Oa.m.. 11:30 a.H, J:Sur.K.. 6:30 r.x.a*
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRAHCbtU anu NuHTH PACIFIC
KAH.T7ATT COaZPA3TZ'.
Tiburoa Perry . root of Market Strart.
sak rsAsrcnsco to sait batasl.
WEEK- DAYS— 7 :3O. 9:00, ll:0Oa. m.; 12:3a.
3:30. 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m.
Saturdays— Extra trip at 1:60 aad 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 8:<>O. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30.
5.C0. C:20. 11:30 p. m.
SAN SA7AEL TO SAlf 7SA3TCXSCO.
WEKK DAYS — «:C5. 7:35. 7:50. 8:2a 11:1*
a. m.: 12:50. 3:40. 3:0O. 5:2O p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:05 and 6:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 0:40. 11:13 a. m.; 1:40. 3:4ft
4:55. 5:C5. 6:23 p. m.
Lervv I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. I Sept. 27. 1003. ISaa Francisco.
Week I Sun- I Destina- I Sun- I Week
Days. ) days. | tion. | days. I Day*.
7:30a 8:OOa 9:10a 3:40a
9:30 a Igaaclo. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 3:30 p «:05p «:20l>
5:10 p 5:00 p 7:33 p|
"7.30. 9:10 a 8:40 a
, ' 8:00 a Korato. 10:4O a 10:20 »
3-3Op 9:3Oa Prtaluma 6:05 p 6:20 9
8:10 p 3:3Op and 7:33 p
5:00 p Santa Rosa. ¦
7 -30 a 10:4O a 110:20 »
8:00 a Fulton. 7:33 p «:20p
8:30 p 3:30 p . ¦ 1
Windsor.
":30a S:O0a Healdsbunt. 10:40a 10:20*
. Lyttcfi. •
3:30 p 3:30 p GeyaervUle. 7:35 p «:20 9
- Cloverdala. -
7:30 al 8:00 a) Hoplana . 110:40 a! 10:20*
3:30 p| 3:30 p| and Uklah. I 7:33 pi 6;20 9
7:30 a| 8:00 a| WUllts. J 7:33 p> 6:20 9
7-30 al 800 al ! . . 110:40 alJO^O »
Sijopl SJSOpf GaernTnie. I 7:35 p| 6:20 9
7 -.30 a I 8 00 al Sonoma. | 9:10 at 8:40 a
3 lift pi 8 loJ p| Cl«n Ellen. [ 6 :05 p| 8:20 p
7-30 ai SCO al " [10:40 allO:2O »
3:3Op| 3:30 pi Sebastopol. I 7:33 pi 6:20 >
STAGES connect at Green Bra» tor Saw
Quentin- at Santa P.osa for 1 Wnlt» Buipnur
SDrin-s- at Fulton for Altrnrl* and Mark West
SorlnJi' at Lytton for Lyttoo Springs: atGay-
Mrvillt for Skasss Spring; at Cloverdala for
the Geysers. Boonevilie and Greenwood: at
Hocland for Duncan Springs. Highland Sprlastx
Kelseyvllle Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. Laka-
Dort! and Bartlett Springs; at TJktah for- Vichy
Boring* Saratoga Springs. Bin* Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Sprtnga, Upper Lake. 'Porno.
Potter Valley, John Day's. RJverslde, Uerly's.
Bucka.ll' a Sanhedrin Helcbta. Hallvfll* Orr*»
Hot Strings, Halfway House. Comptche. Camo
Stevens Hopkins. Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg.
Westport. L'aal: at W nuts: for Fort Bragg.
Westport. Sherwood. Canto.» Covello. Lay ton-
vllle. Curaininss. Bell's Springs, Harris. Ol-
aca's. Pyer. CarDenrUle. Pepperwood,' Scott*
aod Eureka. ftfttH
Saturday to Sunday round-trip tickets at r*«
duced tat««- -*"i**
On Sunday rotind-trtp tickets to all. points
; beyond San Rafael at half rate-s.
I Ticket offices, 630 Market street. Cbronlct*
bulldtrz. •
IL C WHITING. , R.-X RTAN.,
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Act.
THE WEEKLY CALL
$1 per Yeais
RAILWAY TBAVEL.
CALIFORNIA
LIMITED TO CHICAGO
LEAVES DAILY
at O:3O a. m.. through, ta 3 flays,
witlr diner aad all trapping 1 *.
!
Other Sapta To Trains i
7:30 a.m. | for Stockton. Fresno. BckeraOeM.
S :^}** m 'l Merced. Hanford and VUalia.
8:00 p. m. J .
4 :0O p. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. no. for Kansas City. Grand dtajtm aad
Chicago.
TICKET OFFICE— €41 Marirt St.. mad
Perry Depot. S. F. Also Ilia 3road-
way. Oakland. Cal. 27 South First
gt, San Jos*.
ROSS VALLEY,
Efi«!B§BS MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc.
lffiggal^V^^ISazj via Gausalito Ferry.
Suburban Service. Standard Gauge Electric—
Depart trom San Francisco Dally-7:00 8:00.
U:W. 10:00. 11:00 a. m.. 12:20. 1:45. 3:15. 4:15.
6^15 6-13. 7:00. SU5. 10:20. 11:45 p. m.
FROM SAN RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO
—Dally— 5:25. «:33. "i-*0. 8:33, 0:33. 11:06 a.
in 12:20. 1:45. 2:55. 3:45. 4:45. 5:45. 6:45.
8:4*5 10:20 P- m.
FROM MILL VALLET TO SAN FRAN-
CISCO— Dally— 5:45. 6:55. 7:32. 8:53. 9:53.
11:20 a. m.. 12:30. 2:00. 3:13. 4:05. 5:05. «:03.
7:05.-9:C0. 10:35 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
8:00 a. m. dally — Cazadero and way stations.
5:15 p.' m. week days (Saturdays excepteU) —
Tcmales and way stations.
3:13 p. m. Saturdays — Caxadero and way sta-
tions.
Sundays only— 10 a. m.. Point Reyes and
way stations.
TICKET OFFICE — 628 Market St.
FERRT — Union Depot, foot of Market st.
WIT. Tamalpais Railway
¦ ¦ Leave : TU Snsslita ftrrj Arrive
I Saa Frandaco ft* tf tutu & SanPrandsco
Week Son- _tm_ San. Wee*
! Days, days Pars.
i •TwTil«8:0»A &**$&£& 12:<>»r 107401
I M:45r O:OOa HfejfisSStiif l:25r-i:5u?
6:15r 1O:OOa fr^£^ t:50f .1:5O»
11:OOa \s*»K2y 4:5Op 9:S0»
___.. 1:4 5p 5:3 Op
*«¦»•* Tils rttp S» *^ ¦:¦¦» a* TOrr «¦¦+
nCOT t S» Mabjcbt ST-CNortb Shore Railroad) !
tnSD \ tad Savsauto P*uv, Foot Uufctt StTHE SAN FRANCISCO GALU FRIDAY, JANUARY 22, 1904.
12
DR. GRUSS. 504-5-6 6»llaghan""wdg7T~Market
find McAllister sts., uses the Basford Ohtun-
der; th* only device ever Invented for grind-
Ing, drilling ' and excavating teeth without
pain. For demonstration call at offlce.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market.nr.Eieventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
mad'.: old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set: extracting 60c; gas given.
A NEW r-xte — The Whale-une— cannot break;
. warranted 20 yrs.: crown.' $3 50: fillings. 50c:
platts. $5: full eet; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 2-1 Sixth.
A. ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon dentist
. room 14. I'lielan building. San Francisco.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 2T.5 Kearny. cor. Bush —
. Set teeth $1 50 up: crowns $2 up; fillings 25c.
GOLD fillings. 75c; silver. C5c: crowns. $2; no
pain; open Sunday. Dr. O.B.Hewitt,204Sutter
__ _____________ _
ANOTHER cnTargement at CALIFORNIA
BUSINESS COLLEGE: an army of workmen
are putting thc finishing touches on our new
home. 901-025 Golden Gate ave. The develop-
ment of this progressive school has been one
of .the greatest successes of the West; 18.000
square, feet, .15 room*. 450 students. 13 teach-
ers. Write .for 75-page • Illustrated catalogue.
. The growing life and enthusiasm here will
) be a constant inspiration to you. . •
AYRES. the leading business' college. 723 Mar-
. ket st.; established 18 years; life scholarship.
' 55'>; bookkeeping, shorthard. touch typing.
arithmetic, spelling, etc. : positions secured;
' the college refurnished with new typewriters
and furniture* Jattuary'l. Catalogue free.
NEW juvenile deoartment of the ¦ Paul Gerson
' School v of Acting now open; applicants . re-
¦ reived .from t> to 12 years oT age; Miss Lillian
• Musclo. principal: - exceptional advantages;
largest school «f the kind In the West: send
• for, catalogue. .Native Sons' Hall. 414 Mason.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST. S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, .touch typing,
languages, telegraphy. English branches; day
¦ • and night sessions; illustrated catalogue free.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
| • for the university,' 'aw and medical colleges;
ref.. President Jordan or any Stanford profes-
sor; day. and evening, sessions. , Phelan bldg.
HINMAN'S Academy: .a -thorough school of
daneir.cr: established 20 years. ' 1412 Polk st..
between Pine and California; both adult and
.'chiWren** classes 'are now op^n for the season
A LARGER and better school than ever; enter
at once If you desire- a good position: Gregg
rhorthand. Ellis bookkeeping. S. F. Business
College. 1236,'Market st .- - ; > •
HEALD'S School of Mines & Electricity. 24 Post
"•st; S; F. :a practical school of engineering;
' complete -equipment. -, Special . catalogue . free.
ENGLN'EERL^G^-Clvnr elec, min.. mech., sur-
vfjr. .'-usay, eyanlde; day, ev,; est. 1864. Van
der Naillen'Echcol. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ST< /JOSEPH'S .ACADEMY. '. Peralta Park.
',' Berkeley, boarding school for boys under 15.
GEN EBERN. Director. • . ¦ . -.-
CARLOS N. KELLER, tenor soloist, and teach-
¦¦•r^of • the .art .of.. SINGING; piano taught.
• Studio o6l Geary, sf .• - - -' >
STENOGRAPHERS — Increase your speed with
V the graphopbone; -never .'tires. 463 Ellis st.
raora . 65: ."-.._;. ' .
DANCLN'G Tuesday. . Thursday. Saturday. Sun-
day. evg-., Teutonla Hall.- Howard st, near
• Oth. Prof.- Foster; society dancing taught.
BANJO, mandolin and ¦ guitar ' thoroughly
¦ taught: orchestra oractlce. 463 - Geary ' st.
SPANlSH.French.etc.Prof.De Fillppe's Academy
of languages.C2O Post;estab'd !S71;aMest profs.
PIANO lessons. 25c half hour. MRS. PECK.
. experienced teacher. 1015 < Mission, nr. Sixth.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION.... ....Day and
. PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine st. . . .Night class.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing.
. etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mlsaion.nr. «th.
.-¦•_': -FEATHER REX OVATIXO.
BY new. healthful process. Cal. Steam Feather
: Co..' 32 J Van- Ness ave.; tel. Howard 3167.
LODGIXG HOUSKS FOR SALE — Con.
MARION GRIFFIN.
406 Hearst bldg., over "Examiner" entrance.
Modern business methods in fine front offices.
Phone Black 3(507 or take elevator to 4th floor.
Up-to-date title abstract free with every sale.
We do business strictly according to law.
DO you want a biff transient house?
ONE that will clear $500 a month?
WE have that kind of a house.
OFFERED at $1000 less than Its value.
OWNER has been called out of the city.
GREATEST money-maker In San Francisco.
MARION GRIFFIN. 40G Examiner Building.
BARGAIN of the city; corner apartment-housa
of 150 rooms elegantly furnished, always full
and clearing $514 monthly; inexpensively oper-
ated compared with other' houses of similar
character; low rent: will clear 40 percent per
annum on purchase price. • . .
MARION GRIFFIN. 406 Examiner Building
WIFE In hospital causes sacrifice of 31 rooms;
% block of Market; rent $110 with lease; .
reduced to $1500; will take- a flat In trade.
MARION GRIFFIN. 40« Examiner Building.
NEW house, 4 blocks north' of llarket; 30
large, desirable rooms; low rent; 3-year
lease; most artistically furnished: will clear
$200 to $300 owing to management
MARION GRIFFIN. 40« Examiner Building.
CORNER near City -Hall; splendid, sunny: 23
rooms; steady, respectable roomers; rrnt $125;
profit-exactly $145 monthly: don't fall to mate
an offer to MARION GRIFFIN quick.
R. R. MEN'i..-e the roomers In' ray 80-room
house; rent $240; income $560; price $5000;
yet due for furniture 52300: will, exchange -
equity for real estate worth $2500. See my agt.
j MARION GRIFFIN, about It •
GENUINE bargain and GOOD HOME ; 26
rooms on sunny corner north of Market: splen-
didly., furnished; rent -very reasonable; price
$2250 If sold this week. See MARION GRIF-
ABSOLUTELY clean and respectable; 20 rooms
in heart of high-toned pc-tlon of city; rent
only $100 per month: g. aranteed to clear $90;
this Is an opportunity seldom offered; If you
want this snap see my only' agent.
MARION GRIFFIN. , r.\ 406. Examiner Bldg.
S-NNY' corner: -52-rqom bay-window house;
clears $341 month; ."--year lease;. rent $225;
every room full . of sunshine; If looking for
a respectable money-maker .and good
investment see my asent. MARION GRIFFIN.
PERFECT. bandbox. of a house: 24 rooms
on Sutter St.; "tony- and up-to-date: full o'
steady roomers, but could be -,iade to
clear- $200 month. . See MARION GRD7FIN.
LITTLE. payment ($500) takss a 15-room
NE. corner 5 blocks north of -Market: price
$1000: better see It before buying elsewhere.
MARION GRIFFIN. 40C Examiner Building.
: NORMOUS dividends and cafe as U. S. bonds;
new 48-room apartment-house -c irlng $2670.
yearly; t price $4500. ; See MARION GRIFFIk.
VACANT— S2 rooms.-nofth of Market: will
lease Tor 5 years $5Vi room and furnish to suit
tenant MARION GRIFFIN. Is my agent
.RISTOCRATIC family ho I on corner: fash-
lonab.e neighborhood: 50 rooms all outside; fur-
n . -^ re " ver y 'best: 'carpets velvet: rent . only
¦$.,0: .-monthly profit, $450 shown by accurate
b .k- accounts: price reduced S5500: terms
w cash, \balance monthly Installments to suit
b i iy S. r J ; «S? u * e dlssoll ition of partnership.
MARION GRIFFIN, r. 406. Examiner Bldg. '.-
.HANDSOMELY . furnished. sunny 10-room
; house; rent only S38; splendid location in
, .Western .Addition; always "full; clears $35
* over expenses, - aside . from very large room
for cwner; price reduced to $600: the bargain
of .th« city MARION GRIFFIN; 406 Exam-
• iricr building. .. . . ' . .. .
. -., COTTAGES ¦, . TO LET. .- ~
$12— COTTAGE 5 rooms. 9"PHTs7^~o~''-r~Was£
« tngton, ¦ between Jones and . Leavenworth. ~ .
WHO DOES' IT? ¦¦:¦'. H UNTER 1200 Market st.
Bend for circular. Why will you suffer t
SPIKITUAHSM.
MRS. DR MARTIN, wonderful spiritual heal-
er and business medium: mining a specialty:
advice I guarantee on all business proposi-
tions to be successful. My wonderful mag-
- net will bring reconciliation and lasting peace
with the one you love; readings by mall most
satisfactory. $2: readings dally. $1; develop-
ing class Thursday. 8 p. m. 502 Eddy st
AUTOMATIC writing trance medium; readings
daily 1 to C. 50c-»l: clr. Sun.. Mon., Wed.
and Thur-s 2:30. 10c-?5c. 11 Tiylor, room 5.
PROF. Fred P. Evans, noted psychic (or slate-
writing and clairvoyance: stamp for circular.
1112 Eddy st. nr. Octavla: phane Scott 887.
A— MRS. CRINDLE, materializing seance Fri-
day, eve., 50c. .128 Ellis St.; S o'clock sharp.
MRS. TRACY. 14,1 Hyde st, clairvoyant: clr-
cles 10c. Tue. & Thur., 8 p.m.; reads. 50c-?l.
KATIE HEUSSMANN'S circle Friday ev«..
25c: sit. daily. 1000 Harrison: -tel. Mint 99",
MRS. LESTER, test and business medium;
circle to-night, 10c; readings dally. 142 6tn.
EDWARD EARLE. 10T.2 Ellis, readings dally.
fl:80 tn 4: txnoii Sunday «n<l Thurmlar.
CLAIRVOYANTS. • •
A—PAUL DESTINE, ~ T ~ " ~
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant •
and Palmist Ever In San Francisco. , .
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge. If I fail to tell your name, oc-
cupation and what you called for: I promise to
tell you whether husband, wife .or. sweetheart
is true or false; tell who and when you 'will'
marry: in fact, I wlU'tell every hope, fear or
ambition better than you can tell'- yourself: I
reunite. the separated, restore lost affections,
cause happy marriage, give good' luck. : restore
lrwt enerzv: 10 a, m. to 8 p. m. : Sundai\ 2 to 6.-
326 O'Farrell «t. Low ttu. this week— SI. •
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium. - perma-
nently located at 17 Third st.. nex^ Examiner
bldg.; she reads your life correctly, .gives- an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
* present happenings and portrays events I to
occur in the future; If you are 'In ; trouble,"
discontented, or not satisfied with life, or
have domestic, love or business troubles,'- con-
sult this great medium and you wllf.be told
' how to overcome them; valuable advice In all
affairs of life: 25c up: satisfaction guaran-
teed: readings by mall. Tel. -Black^4569. ¦¦
IEMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 110* Mark*:
•t..- cor.' Turk; private readings dally. 10 a.
m. to 0 p. m. ; readings by mall* as. satisfac-
tory as in person: 3 questions answered.' 51;
full life, $5; send lock of hair, date .of year
. of birth; don't send currency; send- postofflce.'
Wells-Fargo money order or registered letter..
MME. PARKHURST. clairvoyant ; and card
reader; business advice: sittings daily: 10 to
12 a. m.. 1 to 7»p. m.; 25c np.; 38-. McAllister.
MRS. A. H. KRONENBERG.' palmist.' clair-
voyant, card reader: when*others fall try me;'
good reading 10c. 721 Franklin. :nr.-,G.G.. ave.*
A — Mme. Ravenna reads life, business ¦ advice;
names given: 25c up. 5^4th st. 1 , near Market.;
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant.' card reader, /re-
moved from 132 (ith to 23% 6th; la. 23;,s-50c.
MISS WARD, for a few days," 917 Market, rs."
- 11-12; gives names, tiatea, facts. Hours 11-9.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader- in city.
2U% Kearny. room 20; ladles, ,25c;. gent?. 50c.
MISS ZEMDAR. young gifted clalr., and palm.;
names; L 50c. G $1. 714 Franklin.nr.G.G.ave.
MRS. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune-
teller, in now. at. 3TT Ellis -st." ¦ " '
MRS/. SHAFER. clairvoyant, card" reader:' sit-'
tings daily. 44S% Jessie st.'bet Sth and nth.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 10 pages, sent to any address In th*
United States or Canada one' year for $L\
postage paid. ' - • ~ -¦;.¦.-:.* -¦¦ t "¦ ' -
UKK>>»i\KKKS AKD SEAJISTHESSES
Accordion. ' sunburst & : knife plaitingTvdaubie
stamps on dress ; linings. . Stewart's " button ft
buttonhole factory, 110 Taylor: tel.FoUom 2121
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class.' 1019 Mkt. •
ATTOH>EYS-AT--A>V.
W. H. B1TTNER.
ATTORNEY AND COUNSELOR AT LAW.
Advice free. Phone South 743.
Suite 322. Emma Sprockets building.
Divorces quietly and legally obtained for
eight causes; damages secured for injuries to
pers-cn or estate; replevins for -property un-
lawfully detained; attachments and garnish-
ments for debts; bonds furnished; bankruptcy
proceedings; wills probated; estates settled;
collections made In all parts of the U. S.
' A PRIVATE, quick divorce for a small fee.
' See me ami save money; no pay In advance.
I G. IV. HOWE. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.
Established 22 yrs.; rms. 1. 2. 3, 4 & 5. 1st fl.
1122 Market st.. between Mason and Taylor.
Advice free all matters. Detectives employed.
R. W. KING. Attomey-nt-Lnw, Exam. bldg..
Cth floor, entrance room 611 : established 20
years; all eases; general court and offlce prac-
tice; no fee In advance or for consultation;
evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3061. '
GEO. V.'. AVERILL: advice given in Ell cases;
divorce, probate, bankruptcy and attachment
f=uils a specialty; practice in both State and
Federal ecurts. Room 465. 4th floor. Parrott
bldg.. 855 Market St.; phone Howard 2551.
ADVICE free— I will advance cost In meritori-
ous cases; divorces, probate and all other law
cases; no fees in advance; open every even-
lng. J. M. THURSTON. 819 Market et. r. 31.
ADVICE FREE.
Columbian Law and. Collection Agency,
Room S5. 816 Market st: tel John 6226.
DIVORCE costs J12; open evenings; tenants
ejected, $?. 91C Market, r.62; phone Black 651.
DIVORCE — Costs. $12: quick, quiet; advice
free; open evenings. 027 Market st. r. 301.
L. S. CLARK, 927 Market st.; consultation
free; no fees In advance; open evenings.
BIRDS. DOGS. ETC.
Selling out Roller Canary Birds, males and fe-
males; Goldfinch Canary mules. 316S 16th st.
IICSIXKSS CHAJtCKS.
A — $3500: THE leading restaurant of this city:
rent $150; surrounded by 3 theaters; private
boxes for ladies; a first-class paying place.
R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— S1C0O; SALOON; rent $40; place doins a
good business: clearing for owner at least
(25u per month; patronized by merchants and
printers mostly; no night or Sunday work; a
rare chance. Particulars R. G. WILKE, 2UH
Kearny et.
A — $1200; CORNER saloon on Clay st, near
Front ; mercantile lunch; rent $15; establish-
ed years; good business. R. G. WILKE,
26H Kearny st.
A — $S00; CIGAR stand on California St., near
Eansome; rent $40: value in sight; a place
where any man easily can clear $200 per
month. See R. G. WILKE. 26^4 Kearny et.
A— $1600; RESTAURANT and coffee saloon
Just a few doors from Market et; owners
clearing at least $C00 per month; will give
trial to purchaser if he means business;
sickness of one of the partners only cause
of sale. If you invest in this business your
money is well invested. See R. G. WILKE,
26>4 Kearny st
A— $4000; CORNER saloon in wholesale dls-
trict; net rent $65; lease; this is one of the
leading and best paying places in this city;
no night work. Call R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearny Et.
A— $1250: DELICATESSEN and dairy produce
store; close to Market and Stockton sts.;
large stock: clears at least $2."H) per month;
.full value In sUrht; a splendid offer. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26& Kearny st
A— ROADHOUSE with 15 newly furnished
rooms; bathroom, barn. 1 cart. 1 electric
piano: 10 years' lease; rent $43; price $3000;
business very good: that is all. For particu-
lars see R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st
A— $15C0; BUTCHER shop !n Western Addi-
tion: rent $40; weekly sale about 4 steers.
25 sheep: 1 horse. 1 wagon; daily receipts
about $40. See R. G. WILKE. 26V4 Kearny.
A — $17S0; CORNER grocery and bar on
Guerrero St.; lease; a good paying business;
fresh stock; all cash trade. Particulars R.
G WILKE. 2G^ Kearny st.
¦ ¦ j*
A— $1400; CORNER grocery and bar on De-
visadero St.: owner has a fine paying busi-
ness, but family affairs compel him to
leave for East. See R. G. WILKE. 26V4
Kearr.y st.
A— ?C0O; DRY "goods and notion store with 4
fine furnished rooms on Mission fit; eplendid
chance for man and wife. Call R G.
WILKE. 26'i Kearny st
A— $1500; THE best oyster stand In Portland.
Or.: a man with flrst-class references can
leave $7C0 staml on the business. See R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny et
A— $500— BRANCH bakery and candy store,
with living rooms; dally receipts about $10;
choicest ioratlon in the Mission. See R. G.
WILKE, 20»/i Kearny st.
A EXTRA RARE CHANCE
PARTNER WANTED
Coff'-e saloon restaurant; best possible loca-
tion; trade the vtry b«st; ownpr 9 years;
ek-cant in all Its aDointments; full Investi-
gation; price $2500.
A. STENBERG. 783% Market st.
A— CANDY store; only $275
Worth $500
Factory in rear; rent $12. For sale only by
A. STENBERG,-78'{% Market ft.
OUR new "Duplex-Scale System" won over 200
per cent in the past 22 days on Frisco races;
for proofs and references ask any subscriber
on our list, or call and investigate; explana-
tion free to regular subscribers at our offlce
only; commissions handled on this system for
25 per cent of the net weekly profits. Terms
fcr our Handicap sheets, $2 per day or $10
per week. N. S. HAND, expert handicapper,
rooms 1. 2 and 3. 113 Stockton St.. S. F.
A^ 3 PER CENT MONTHLY.
On Investments of $100 and upward; no "get-
rlch-<juick" swindle, turf speculation or gam-
bling schem-, but a reputable, established
buelr.ees enterprise In San Francisco; cleared
W7,000 last >ear on $100,000 capital; stock
Increased $20,000 to enlarge the plant; call
or write for particulars.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market st.
FIFTEEN YEARS ESTABLISHED
Clothing, hat and furnishing goods store;
$10,000 stock; four years lease to run:
Kearny st.. east side, between gutter and
Bu«h; uoncr callery and finished basement;
the reason for selling is the proprietor wishes
to devote hi» entire attention to his other
fctore. Address bcx 733, Call offlce.
FIFTEEN YEARS ESTABLISHED
Clothing, hat and furnishing goods store:
$10.ooo stock; four years lease to run:
Kearny st.. east side, between Sutter and
Push: upper gallery and finished basement;
the reason for Belling is the proprietor wishes
to devote his entire attention to his other
store. Address box 739. Call offlce.
CALL, and see the list of lodging-bouses from
6 to 200 rooms; cheap rents; hotels, road-
houses, saloons, restaurants, groceries, livery
stables bought and I sold and exchanged-
meney loaned on chattels; millinery store to
txchange. EITEL & CABROLL. 212 Kearny.
A — $175; WELL established offlce business;
f.:;e location: cheap rent. Call EUREKA
CO.. 719 Market st.
A— J.575 ; SALOON, nicely fitted; good trade;
full stock; swell location. Eureka Co., 719 Mkt.
A— S2200; CORNER grocery; 4 living roomTTn
back: sood hcrse and wagon; receipts over
S12C0 per month; owner owns building; will
give lea-*; rent $27 50. Address box IOCS,
Call offlcf, Oakland.
PARTY wanted with $200 to handle the latest
uiv'ntlon: big and quick money-maker. Call
this forenoon at Wellington House reading-
room. 7.*. T» ird st. C. H. GUNN.
; ON account of having to leave the city, I will
te.I my ret-taurant. located on Hayes st, at
the low price «jf $aoO; the rent Is very reason-
al.le. Address box 4S9, Call offlce.
WANTED— A restaurant in a good town ! or
city outside of San Francisco; please give
full particulars and orice asked. Address
I box 4S6, Call offlce.
WANTED-Man with $1000 to take position
wit, i local corporation; money secured. Ad-
dress box 7J. IOCS Market >t.
AN a<;tive. .sober ar.an: have small capital and
i-rcaii 0 lnvr ? t: hsmd y with, tools. Box
RESTAURANT, delicatessen store for sale^
guaranteed $200 month clear above expensed
nral'.o effer. Box ;qi. can. . ¦ ... .,'
i soooo-BAZAAR: transfer corner; 7 year's^
lease: rent ?50; bargain. Address MS
Call Branch. 22C0 FHlmore gt. '
WE sell lodging-houses. restaurants clear
stands, all prices. $150 opacity and country
property. Boston Real Estate Co., 8 Mason.
MUST be sold at once: rare chance; well estab-
lished saloon bus.; choicest location- only
' -principals need apply. L. S.. box 722. Call.
Al PATENT 25c article, on exhibition at
Matcos , 4OS tudy: half $5500: whole $15,000
Demands for 50.000,000; call at 1 o'clock.
WANTED— Man with small capital; old es-
tablished commission business;' no experience
necessary. Box 1007. Call offlce, Oakland.
THE PACIFIC BUSINESS ASSOCIATION
IMS Market, buys real estate and has
rea! estate and businesses for eale.
FOR «ale — Newstand and branch postofflce;
must tell this week; rent reasonable and
price \ay. Address box 453. CalL
WOMAN, good cook, wants a man with $12.1 as
partner In lunch and coffee parlor.- 257 4th.
EMPLOYMENT JPFF1CBS.
GE~T7o^rhT! P 'lT?INE JAPANESeIeMPLOT.
MENT OFFICK and Housecleaniny Co.. 1-CJ
Pine, nr. Jap. M. E. Church: phona Polk 36b6.
GEORGE AOKI. 421 Post St. : tel. Bash 135--
Japanese-Chinese emplcyment office, fur-
nishes best help; contracts for farm neip. etc.
A— ORPUEUjTEmployment
Chinese help. 420 PoweU. Tel. M*ln 5.5-
A— GRAND Japr.nes*-Ch!nese Emp. f O*' l 1 e «- 4 * S
Stockton; teL Grant 168; expert. rellable_help.
SWEDISH and German Female Employment
Office. 115 Franklin at.: phono Folwm 2S5S.
F.ELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice: all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main S1S3.
CHLVESE and Japanese help: estah. 20 yea r*.
Tel. Main 11W7. BRADLEY A CO.. 840 Clay.
EMPLOYMEXT WASTE,D— KEMAjLB^
TOUXp lady, thoroughly comwstent and «*-
rerf^nced stenographer and typewriter, ar-
ruatomed to Jaw. insurance and bank worK.
<lfs!res position in or out of city; high?«t
references. Vox 42.". Call offl.ee.
WOMAN wants wa«hlnsr and Ironing by the
day: reference If required. Call for three
• days at 70S Hyrtw St.. war Peat. J
A YOUNG woman wants work by the day.
washing and house cle-inlns. Address P. O.
boa 69. Frultvalg. t
FIRST-CLASS laundress wishes laundering t©
do at lionv?. Box rtQ. Call. '
TOUNG lady wishes position as «t*nographer:
wages t8 per wegK. Box 69a. Call. ¦
DRESSMAKING by the day. $1 25; «ood flt;
work at home preferred. J^ox CSD, Call.
STRONG, willing; American woman wants work
by the day; $1 23 day; carfare: carpet dean-
Ing and laundry work specialties; absolutely
reliable. MRS. WILSON. 174 Fourth St.
room 10. first flight. .
MIDDLE-AGED-German woman, good cook and
housekeeper, wants work In small family;
moderate wages; no objection to a child;
city or country. 7»4 Folscm st. ¦
WANTED — A situation by elderly American .
woman for hous«w«rk and eooklng: wages
moderate and good home. MRS. SMITH. IS
Seventh st.
ELDERLY woman wants situation to do house,
work in email private family; no objections
city or country: no postals cr letters. Ad-
dress 110O Powell st.
DRESSMAKER, ladies' tailor and sultmaker.
cutter and fitter; gowns made at home or en-
gagements per day; only first-class worle
done. E. Cr BARSS, Sherman House. 2S Sth.
SWEDISH girl for general housework or cnok-
ins. Call at 32S Virginia ave., near Elsie
St.. off Mission.
A FIRST-CLASS Spanish. French and Ameri-
can cook wishes position; does not speak Eng-
lish: flrst-class and competent. 603 Stockton.
POSITION by experienred stenographer; ref-
erences given. Address Berkeley Realty Co..
2147 Center st. Berkeley.
EXPERIENCED German cook wishes situation
in private family: beat city references. 1023
Larkin st., near Sutter.
LADIES' high-class dressmaking and tailor-
ing; few more engagements; city references.
Phone Polk C66.
WANTED—A situation as upstairs girl. Call
or address M. M.. 1223^ Bush st.
LAUNDRESS wants work by the day. 743
Folsom st. Phone Red 577.
GOOD, honest Japanese girl wants plain cook-
ing and housework. 405 Post st.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch Offlce. cor. Duncan * Church sta.
WANT ads and robscrtptlona taken for Th*'
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister st.
WASTED — MALE.
UPHOLSTERER, carpet layer, understands
mattresses, curtain shades, drapery also
(union), wishes work, city or country. M.
H. VAGASIAN. 1026A Hyde St.
WANTED — Situation by a young man of 22 in
a wholesale house, commission or retail firm:
$10 per we«rk to start: experience as porter;
excellent tity references. Box t"94, Call.
POSITION wanted by ' married man: gocd
farmer and able to keep place la repair;
woman will board hands or assist wun
housework. Box 1009. Call office. Oakland.
BARBERS — Position wanted by a flrst-class
• barber: 11 years in San Francisco and ! 37
yars of age: married; wants steady job. Box
«*>.' Call office.
FIRST-CLASS carpenter wishes to take charg*
of . work for property owner, city. S. F. ; bent
references. Please call or write 1S02 Powell.
WANTED — Situation on a private place by a
man that ran turn a hand at moat anything;
best of city references. Box 703. Call.
POSITION wanted by young man of good
habits and education: houra must be after
6 p. m.; best references. Box 777, Call.
MARRIED man wants position as stableman
cr teamster in city. Call 430 Third st. .•
EXPERIENCED stock boy wants a position.
Box 705. Call.
TOUNG man wants a position as retoucher and
finisher on photographs; can talk French.
German. Scandinavian and English if re-
quired. Call or send word to J. _., 1709 San
Pablo ave.. Oakland.
POSITION wanted by reliable man. with hi*
own help, to do the work In a dairy, orchard
or grain ranch at a monthly salary and board
himself; good references. B. C, 77 Ninth bt.
CIVIL enslneer: specialty. railroad and
bridge construction; now ready for engage-
ments. Addresss J. II. C. box 714. Call.
A GERMAN stone mason and cement worker,
understands reservoir and oil tank work,
wonts a position. Box 414. Call.
RELIABLE man and wife want positions to
take care of a gentleman's place or a stock
ranch: good reference. W. P.. 77 Ninth «t.
STEADY man. handy with tools, some carpen-
ter experience, wants work: has small capi-
tal to invest. Box 717. Call office.
STRONG, sober young man desires work: good
2-horse teamster and general work; modcrata
wa?es. Box 726. Call offlce.
GOOD paperhanger. >tinter and painter wishes
position In city or country; good at hotel
work. Box 724. Call offlce.
GROCERY clerk. 6 months' experience, wishes
steady position In a retail store. 33 Syca-
more ave.
CARPENTER work wanted direct from owners:
$3 or contract; flrst-class work: best of refer-
ences. Box 4.^. Call office.
ENGINEER and* electrician desires position;
extensive experience. M. E.. 801 Powell st.
GOOD cook wants situation In hotel or board-
lng-houye. Call at 65S Folsom st.
COLORED man and wife would Ilka a situation
In country; can do anything. Box 2202. CalL
AN old gentleman desires position as cnltector
In doctor's or any other offlce.- Box 3S7/CaII.
JAPANESE rtudent wants to work coupla
hours a day. H. S. K.. )329 Pine St.; teL
Larkin 2611. - ,
GOOD Chinese cook wishes position In prtvat*
family. Address CHUNG WINO.-803 Clay.
FLATS TO LET. "
A — HOUSES and flats to let: an immense list;
sei-vlce absolutely' free; take advantage of
this department: it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 215-250. G#ary
«t.. on the square.
* a -. '
ALL at the most desirable flats and houses' a r*
listed In oar renting department; let- us civ*
you a list and help you find one in th* loca.
tionyou want. STERLING FURN ITU RS
COMPANY. 10C9 Market st.: service* ab,>
lutely.free.
AN upper Sat: U rooms, bath, yard; r-nt reas-
onable. Corner Webster and Clay sts.
A SUNNY upper flat, 3 rooms. In rear. .21,
Hay ward St.. off Harrison, near Eighth.
HAYES, near Shrader — New flats; rents ¦ re-
duced. Moneta Investment Co.. :v.» Flood bldg.
WALLER. -. 170S. near Park entrance — Modern
sunny upper Cats. 5 rooms, bath, $22 50. $•,&.
MCALLISTER. SSI— Parlor floor: 4 unfurnished
rooms; caa. oath; $26: adult*; call before 3.
FLATS TO LET — FUR.MSUEpj.
FOR rent —Handsome ¦ furnished Sat. with pl-
ano. In best residence section ¦ of tn« city
Call. at 2SS3 Washington st
FOLSOM. C47— Completely rurnished flat of 4
rooms; sunny and pleasant; piano, bath
'. FLATS KOU .SALE- — FIH.1 IS H ED.
AN elegant flat of 6 rooms for aalerrent S~^T
113 Leavenworth st. .
OAK. "5*— Flat 5 rooms; a snap.
rUE ~T~5~U5P 7ILLA TO LET.
COUNTRY villa of rough stone. Spanish style
with patio: in urange grove overlooking San
Gabriel Valley; Ideal climate; electric "»r 8 to
Los Angeles; artistically furnished: piano- "»
large rooms; Ifvlng-room Wx36;lar»e ston«
fireplaces, beamed calling, etc.; stone stable"
all new; C months $3<X 1201 Call Wd«.
cr oxm D. s?_ECKEL3, Proprietor.
Ij_It3 CCimiEIC£liCflT¥gigADGHT,K-l£2Er
\V. J. MARTIN' Business Manager
TEL—PIIONE.
A*k for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
nect You Wiih the Department You Wish.
replication Offlce Markct and Third. S. F.
Ecitorlal Room 217 to ~1 Stevenson «_
Delivered by Carriers. 20 Cts. Per Week. 73
Cts Per ilocth. Singl* Copies 5 Cents.
Term* by Mai! Including Towage iCash With
Order) :
DAILY CALL (includ. Sunday). 1 year..$S.O0
DA1LV CALL (Includ. Sur.daj ). 6 mos.. 4.00
X»AILY CALL— By Single Month 75c
SUNDAY CALL 1 War 2.00
w:;eklt call, i r«*r ioo
KORFIGV rpai!y..$S.8O Per Tear Extra
n-IfiS JsunSay. 4.15 Per Year Ext?a
roSTAG— (_x\>ekly. 1.00 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARTS ' AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
6ftraF'.e. Copies Bill be forwarded when re-
quested.
Mall »ub*crlbers in ordering change of ad-
dress should be particular to give both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS In order to Insure a
prompt and correct compliance with their re-
quest.
OAKLAND OFFICE.
U1S Broadway Tdephcne Main 10S3
BERKELEY OFFICE.
H48 Center Street Telephone North 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT.
HORTON n. CRANE 141KS G Street. N. W.
ICT\V TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf- Artoria Hotel; A. Bretano, 31
fnion Square; Murray Hill Hotel; Flfth-ave-
Cue Holx-l and Hoffman House.
C5IICAGO I-'KYVS STANDS:
Fberman fious-e: I*. O. New s Co.: Gi— at
Kortbern Ho'cl: Trenior.t House; Auditorium
Hotel; Farmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROGNEFS. .Marquette Building
»Long Distance Telephone. '-Central 261».">
NETV YORK REPKEFENTATIVEt
-TEPHEN B. 6MITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICF of th* Fan Francisco
Call, corper Market and Third etrecie: open
until 12 oVlock f-very nijrfct la the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
10OK MarkPt street, opposite Fifth; open until
11 p. m.
t27 Mon^froracry street corner Clay; open un-
til J>:.£0 p. m.
SOO Have? Ftreet: open until 9:30 p. m.
? : "3 McAllister sm-et; open until 9:30 p. ra.
*>1!> Larkin £tr«t: open until 9:30 p. m.
19*1 MisFlon street; open until 10 p. ra.
22^1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open un-
til 9 p. in.
1C6 Eleventh strret: open until 9 p. m.
I00C Valencia Ftreet: open until 9 p. m.
JCorthran oorr;f.-r Church and Duncan streets;
open until 9 p. m.
North— »-Kt comer of Tw»nty-sr?cond and Ken-
tuck streets; open until 9 p. m.
ry>0 Filimorg rtr**et; or*-n until 9 p. m.
mi:eti\g noticks.
CALIFORNIA Cnmandrry No. 1. K. T.
— Rosrular assembly THIS FVENING HSj
• t7::iO. Order rf Temple. All f raters S3
courteously invited. WF
THOMAS H. BKOWXn. Commander.
I'. L. HENDERSON. Iiecorder.
LA PARFAITK UNION Lodp.> No 17 «
F. and A. H.— Called mcetinc THIS W
•TRilWYt KVEMNG at S o'clock. /^A
I- irst degree. By orjer of th? W M
, P. PT. JCLLIEN. Secretary.
PACIFIC Lor** No. !.;«. F. and A. jl m
Masonic "iVnjr'.r, meet* THIS '.'Vrx-VV
IN'} at 7:::o o'clock. ThirJ dosr.-e ' fiJ\
J^CORGK PENLINGTON. Secretary. '
OFFICERS and chevaliers of Can-
ton San Kranrisco No. ."», P M ~_rfTM— *8.
¦¦¦ requested . lake ;h.- 7:':;rt -,,'
m. boat for Oakland. FRIDAY. ~ J *z£f5iis*'
January 22. UW_ By ordor of
C. L. ZIEGLBR. Commandant.
n. H. WII^EON. Clerk.
.M»OLI>O Lodge No. 12.J. I. O. n. -ZiSU-y
K. — ITfmherf: Please j>tter:»i THIS^^aw&iSfe.
iFRIUAY) NIGHT. .Ianuar>' :_. : **S'<jS£'S^
K oVlock sharp. Fraternal visit "^SimK^
Hoard of Relief. Amendment to by-laws.
Crm» aU! C. TERR1LL. N. G.
W. F. NOIlCROSg, Recording Secretary.
CAN FRANCISCO Tent No v^S??_V.
1«. K. O. T. M.-RpvI.w iA^^-.'S'iX
THIS fFRIDAT) EVEN- rt
ING. at 8 o'clock. Picneer 6*2>T v? lifl
Hall, 24 Fourth st. ' BjH /MYVsJ
D. B. F.ICHAHDS.
ST. ANDREWS Socloty— Durr.s' an- v «->Z7
niversarr. Soottrsh Hall. 107 I^ir- ». >_ S^
kin Kt., MONDAY EVENING. 25th V'*X$£
January, at S o'clock. There v.ill > *_?»L
be sons.", ducts, trios, quartets, recitations,
and instrumental pelecticns. lollcwcd by a
*«ei»i dauc*. Admission 25 cents. Tickets
at Messr* John IJeid & Son's. ~n Ge&ry et
¦ nd the Hanson & Elrick Co., 2C3 Montgoml
ery ht., al.v.. fron. members of the boci»tv ¦
P. LIVINGSTON DUNN, President
J. BLACK. Secretary.
ANNUAL Mp<-;ing— Tlie regular annual meet-
ing of the ttookholders of the Union Trust
Company of rian Krancireo will be held at the
office of tie company in the Union Trust
Comjuiny * huildir.g. corner Po*t. Montgom-
|«ry and Market st?.. San Francisco. Cal. on
mUBSOAT. the 4th day of February, 190J
n the h'.ur of 2 o'clock p. m.. for t!ie pur-
l-ofce of Meeting a board of directors to serve
for the fallowing year, the amendment of the
Ly-.awE of the company and thc transaction
of *• ich ntfaer busir.ess as may come before
the meeiir.g.
it CHARLKS J. DUERING. Secretary.
kVOTICE cf annual mating— The regular an-
nt;«l meeting of the 6toekhold»r« of the
can.ornia Gas «nu E!«Htric Corporation will
? he!d at the office of the conirany Mxth
floor. Rlalto building. San rrancisco Ca 1
on TUESDAY. January 26 LCM at the
hew of 3:15 p. in., for the purpos-'of elect-
;n S a Eoard Cf Directors to serve for the
eapytng year and to transact such other
Lut!ne*s at may come before the meeting
. Transfer bocks v.ill close on January ••of t
I o'clock p .sn. . ' *'
C. W. CONLISK, Secretary.
- P.oom 127, Hiaito building, city.
ANNUAL Meetinr--Tl ! e regular annual meet-
inc of the PtocL-bcldfrs of The .National Ic*
Company »:;; }„, held tt the office of the
ccmrcny. ._< Mirkct st . Fan Franclsro r»l
VVUD^ 1> : L?AY ' tht Cd i«v of February'
JKM. at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m.. -or the
r"^f S f e n O l,* :e<Ml1 " a f>ocrl cT director* to
f t 1 % UCl rne <^. bU?ln£SS " ™* - me
J- T. DONAHUE. Secretary.
ACCBtTS \VAATED. ~~
AOHNTS end Kg_(3tars mailing {o~"7~thTrTYi'n
AT- once — 3et-claF»; agents to handle Mtmt.^
novc!tW in San Francisco & A!a^e d ; "un
ties; fine chanceg for St. Louis E.vpc«Uion
JSf^iJST 8 * f ? 5*!_ ""ties. a. l£; Ga r :
butt. Western Industrial Co, rear offW It*
m inn ,t.. Oakland. 10 to 1 p. mM^toTt^m
HAVING recently a quired " through'cicha'nge
of rrepcrty three 8i(» scholarships in the ben
I. k .t J 2 ." 11 at *¦ X>cr ccnt for
wh: the college "teaches advertisement writ-
• nc ty correspondence and assists its — rad-
*"«'/"« ' t0 «*cur« positions; catalogues "fur-
en application. Ad-1ret,s box S02q Call.
ASTROLOGV. ~"~
«HP. J FRANCIS, astrologiit: lessens; read-
-JJ^iJ^^J^o^^nltelO^IotelLangham.
A III now universally used in cleaning carpets
™ ' inor . without removal: : c -e uioderate-
S. F Comaressed Air Cleaning Co.; Call
l-qll'ling. Phone Main £227.
T. HEX you become -disgu-ted with your work
in^ uorKs. ouo-o54 Tthama Et.; tel. South 40.
¦rite"-** 1 * Can^t CleanhirWorks. 1S00 Har-
riton Et.; Al clcacing; Sc; tel. Mission 223.
HriPKE BROS.: excellent carpet beating; mat-
_trrt±e* made w«M«gKow^t f |. South 216.
*5J A "*5 Carpet -tneanins; Co.. 402 FuTteTTtT;
JielL Maj^g^CEajVALCQM & CO., Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works- prices
rcssonabie. 1703 Harrison st.; tcl.M;sslon"a
SmSSCS £ U , peri * r Carpet-beating Works.
COLLECTIO.V OFFICES. ~~
BAD tec_Dte eJected^oTTTTcoUecUons maa>:
2r7 //, « >untr y PACIFIC COLLECTIO.V
•SO.. 415 alontsomerjr. rooma 3-XO; teL 8^88.
<h> LITTLE " W A M Illil OFTEN
DtJSIXESS CHANCES — Con tin ned.^
106-ROO1I family hotel on finest street in
city; grand new building; beautiful entrance;
new and luxuriously furnished, catering only
to first-class trade; the cuisine unsurpassed;
hot and cold ocean water baths; - every
equipment up to date; clearing $1200 per
month; account of owner leaving city thi3
fine hotel will be sacrificed for one-third less
than cost: if *old hy February 1. price
$15,000. Exclusively with CAMERON &
CO.. 3 Eddy st. ' ' ¦'
WANTED — First-class restaurant man with '
some money to take dining-room kitchen in
I swellest apartment house in city; no other
restaurant within 5 blocks. CAMERON _
CO.^ 3 Eddy st. -¦
FOR eale or trade — Quartz mine; fine prospect;
located In Cal.: assays $40 to $70 ton; trade
for r'mg house or business. Cameron. 3 Eddy.
FOR sale— Well-located candy store; all equip-
ped for making own candles; established 8
years; clearing: over $200 per month; will in-
volce about $1200. CAMERON. 3 Eddy st.
HIGHEST cash price paid for stocks of mer-
- chandlse. See A. CAMERON - CO.. 3 Eddy.
FOR trade — Income-bearing city property for
stocks of merchandise; ¦ any amount. CAM-
ERON & CO. ¦
FOR sale— One of the best restaurants in city;
cheap rent; receipts $70 to $100 per day; will
bear investigation; price $1600: also p n «-> n
good location for $350. CAMERON _ CO..
3 Eddy st.
$2250— BUTCHER shop; elegantly fitted up;
eplendld location; fine trade; can be greatly
Increased. Box 440. Call.
IF you have a delicatessen store or restaurant
you want to sell, or a good place to open one,
address box 434. Call office.
FOR sale — Lumber yard: good location: excel-
lent chance to get a yard on small payment
down; no asents. Box S75. CalL
A BAKERY in cood . country town to rent.
Inquire 408 McAllister st.
SMALL, dairy ch«-ap on account of sickness:
clearing $150 mo. 405 .Montgomery, rm. 4.
FOR "ale — Oyster and chop house; cause, trouble
between partners; must be sold. 6C3V- Post st.
$250— INVOICE $r.00; grocery; fine fixtures and
location; rent $15; 4 rooms. Box 720, Cali.
F1HST-CL.ASS stove and hardware store for
sale, cheap, account Heparture. Box 721, Call.
RESTAURANT for sale — 1 living room; rent
S10. 272 Brannan st.
BLACKSMITH shop for sale or to let. In-
quire at corner of Folsom and Army at.
OYSTER-HOUSE for sale: center of Oakland.
460 7th St.. bet. Broadway and Washington.
"WANTED — A six-day restaurant in good loca-
tion: state full particulars. Box 643. Call.
CIGAR stand wanted on a good corner down-
town. Address with price, etc.. box 048. Call.
I "WILL buy a butcher shop in a good loca-
tion: will pay cash. Box 654. Call.
WANTED^Stationery and notion store: state
price: rent, etc. Box 443. Call. =
FOR sale — $350; country l.acksmlth shop;
good location. Apply 10 Beale st.
FOR sale— Outside route on CalL Apply 3164
Twenty-fourth «t.
FOR sale — Complete dyeing and cleaning works;
good location. Box 2S0O. Call offlce.
VERY low figure; well stocked, good paying
cor. bazaar; must be sold. 1600 Devisadero.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
a! CAMERON _ CO.. Phone South 1050.
li Eddy et., cor." Market and Powell.
Headquarters for rooming-houses, hotels and
all kinds of business chances.
106-room modern family hotel: swell loca-
tion: first-class trade: ocean baths; everything
up to date: clearing $1200 per month: will be
Facriflcwl for one-third less than cost to fur-
nish; obliged to leave February 1; price $15,-
000.
20 rooms: rent $75; 2 years* lease; good per-
manent and transient house; price $1200.
44 rooms; rent only $125: 5 years' lease: run-
ning water; everything In good condition;
clears $125 to $150 per month; price $2800.
19 rooms; corner; rent $95; oak furniture;
good carpets; hair mattresses: part cash, bal-
ance on time.
5S rooms: rent $250; 2 years' lease: well fur-
nished throughout: close in; first-class board-
ing-house; clearing $250 per month.
5 rooms and bath; rent $18: water free; new,
modern flat, furnished 1 year; price $300.
220 rooms: trrand. new, modern apartment-
house: elegantly furnished; swell location;
clearing $400 to $000 per month; golden oppor-
tunity.
30 rooms; rent $05; fine location: all on 2
flocrs; 3 years' leas?: clears $100; full; $2000.
125 rooms: first-class downtown house; 15-
year lease: cheap rent; private baths; doing
fine commercial business; reduced; ece this.
47 rooms; rent $125; good lease; fine location;
some apartments always full; clears $200.
110 rooms; new, elegantly appointed apart-
ment-house; one of the swellest In city: clear-
Ing $500 to $600 month; splendid opportunity.
7-room, new, modern flat: $450 cash, balance
on installments: income $45; price $550.
24 rooms: rent $140: newly furnished; fine
neighborhood; close in; always full.
1C2 rooms: roost elegantly appointed apart-
ment-house In San Francisco: beautiful, mod-
ern building: fine entrance: cheap rent; clear-
Ing $400 per month; 5-year lease; part cash,
balance S per cent per year.
8 rooms: golden oak. fur.: Moquet carpets,
oil paintings; must leave city; make Oder.
60 rooms: rent only ?200; downtown house;
always full: clearing $200 to $300 month; new-
ly renovated and In fine condition.
15 rooms: Van Ness ave.: oak and mahogany
furniture; a bargain IT .taken at once.
85 rooms; bonton location; elegant building;
luxuriously furnished; all modern conveniences;
grand entrance and halls; strictly up to date;
called East by sickness.
12 rooms: Poet; oak furniture; Brussels car-
pets; clears $50: $300 cash, balance on install-
ments; price $S0O.
09 rooms: new and elegant building; fur-
nished beautifully and un to date; hot and
cold water every room: $4000 cash necessary.
7 rooms: rent $38; modern house; new furni-
ture; clears $50; only $400 cash, balance time.
14 rooms; rent $40; new and modern little
boarding-house: fine furniture; hah- mattresses;
clearing over $200 month ; price $1000.
24 rooms: rent only -$125; first-class condi-
tion: oak, mahosany. blrdseye maple, furni-
ture; extra fine carpets; clears $70: -price
$2000; half cash, balance Hi per cent.
21 rooms; Howard *t.: rent only $60; good
fur. and carpets: clearing $180 per month;
$400 cash, balance time: price $900.
10 rooms; rent $50: close In; oak. blrdseye
maple fur.: fine .carpets: elegant little transient
house; clears $125; part cash; price
15 rooms: Van Ness ave.: rent $35; oak, ma-
hogany furniture: always full; price $1200; al-
most new. . ' ' ,....
86 room*: chean rent: furnished last June-
oak furniture: Brussels carpets: clears over
,$250 per month: half cash, balance 1 per cent;
'owner sick In bed. -
60 rooms: Bush; rent only $162; eood furni-
ture, carpets; clearing over $200 per month:
only 14 rooms to take care of. balance do own
work: ¦ a snap. r ¦ - - - ; • . -
31 rooms: rent $110; fur., carpets new; clears
over $100 per mo.; 2 years' lease; wire sick In
hospital: part cash; $1500.
10 rooms: rent $45: new carpew; newly pa-
pered *nd painted; clears $30; $450 cash, bal-
ance time. . — : :
5 rooms: Geary; rent $20; fine little home; 3
rooms rented for $25; price $200. / -
12 rooms: rent $60; ORk and mahogany,f ur. :
good carpets:' fine yard and garden ¦• in 'rear;
brings In $00: leaves • balance landlady; price
$000.
6 roojns; rect $35; oak.Jur., Brussels carpets;
3 rooms rented for $2S;, price $300. ¦ ¦
8 rooms; new, modern flat; rent $45; all light;
cost $1000: will sacrifice, quick sale, $600. .
FOR SALE — A BOARDING-HOUSE: MEDIUM
SIZE; ELEGANTLY FURNISHED; LOCA-
TION BEST IN ' THE CITY; -¦ LEASE;
OWNER LEAVING TOWN. BOX 2856.
CALL OFFICE .
A— $t>50; special bargain: 15 rooms: good loca-
ttcn; rent $35: clears $50. Eureka Co.. 719 Mkt.
LODGIXG-HOCSES WA,\TED.
I WANT a medium-sized . lodging-house * In ! a
desirable location; reasonable rent. Address'
box <i72. Call. .. ; . " r - r;
WANTED— A lodclng-house, about 40 rooms. :
• Box 681. Call office. -
i 1T13> lTir r ITU ITIT v ' ITTC& "ST1T X
ti ..¦•¦¦¦- ¦'¦ - .- - . ." " ':¦¦.''".¦¦..- )%
1 BeMifefe SbreetNumber Director |
and Indexed Hap i §m Francisco S
g — ; — — — — '. — ; ; — -__--___-_-_-__-_-- — . — — . — 1 .
S — . - . . ; - ' — — Compiled From Official: Data . — S,
I-;: IflJIfipipSe to All Want Advertisef s I
I Bring your Want ___ " ; I| I
4th in cnrlv inr insrr- 1 - « '-_Pl- : , . " .. " , T , o
w xas in early for inset ... |Tr e ! - ,-«t | this will prove valuable §
| lion in thc next Sun- DE WITT b , g| |
0 day Call and secure as Cl L U I f\ I "" f' r * classes of our citizens S
| an absolutely free P rc- \Jj^ ||| ; W |jf^B| will find use for "this |
1 .mium one of those J v it V I Eg | va i m ble work, and it |
g handy guides to San - sure i y never be of- %
I Francisco's streets, INDEXED MAP Ml fered on such favorable §.
§ service and , w || 1 imns Qgain h zviu> |
| the name, and address FRANC"*O M 1 ' however; be on sale at |
* of every hotel aparr-~ rHANCO, ¦ |
| '>™r house*, 'rooming _ g .j tioners, etc., at the reg- §
g • This book contains Hl^' _ I
S 157 pages, in addition . ¦ nlri B '.] g
I /. a very fine indeed *™"Z^m«£L II Z^ rt r\l I
§ map of this city, com- . ., _ t " TV P% I sertionin The Call zvill %
I piled from official data , fx^ h cu . B7^""" fit ! he receivcd at Thc Cal1 |
$ and revised to .date. *«~ u.v, )f< T a 2l!!' '** -^^ M I Bus j llcss Office, Third g
4 Size 2S inches by 25 ' __1 K I and Market sts., and at |
I from border to border. r^ m [ B I IOoS Markct sL) cUy f
I The book is positively i " (P'^^vs Agency); §
§ correct and ub to date: - ' ? ?on *™tn S r '^ m also at 1 11S Broadway, g
0 * / 4. 1 j • • * ' *^-^ l*"^ *O?*//7 C* 1 ( T*/ •?
1 just off the presses. || ; Call Agency). |
I THIS OFFER OPENS THURSDAY MORNING AND I
I CLOSES SATURDAY NIGHT AT 11 O'CLOCK. |THE SAN l^RANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 22, 1904.
13
11OO.MS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A — WHY remain In cold rooms when you ca« j
get warm apartments at the Knickerbocker
A pa r tments, 1340 Pine St.?
ELLIS. (511 — Nicely furnished sunny alcove ']
room; 2 sunny connecting rooms; sas stoves.
FOURTH. 225 — Nice, large front room; sulta- j
ble for light housekeeping.
GEARY. 10C2 — Nicely furnished sunny rooms.
«n suite' or single: housekeeping privilege*:
running water: ca^: reasonable. .
LINDEN ave.., 324 — Sunny front room: use ot
kitchen fcr housekeeping for man and wife.
MCALLISTER. 538— Sunny, furnished suite; j
gas, range, hot bath, laundry; adults; $14.
MODEL House. 120G Stockton — Nfwly furnished J
hskpg.. single rms.. $5-$12: gas, bath, phone.
POLK, 612 — $14: bedroom, kitchen; gas etov».
bath; no children.'
SUTTER. 2020 — Furnished bedroom, dinlns-
room, kltchfn; yard; bath: parlor.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription j
received at Call branch office. 2200 yillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and i
Eubscriptlons has been established at 10U8
Valencia rt. .
ROOMS i WABTTED— Hon3ekeeplng.__ ,
WANTED — 2 or 3 rooms, furnished for house-
keeping; give rent. Box 665. Call.
APARTMENT HOUSES.
GLENDORE — New apartments* on Pine St..
eriEt of Van Ness ave.; S and 0 rooms each,
with bath, steam heat, elevator service, elec-
tric lights, u;is stoves, and hot water sup-
plied without extra cost; will be furnished
with exceptional beauty and ta-ste and ar*
now offered for rent unfurnished; tenants
can rent direct from owner, who will manage
the bulldinz, now approaching completion;
open for inspection. HOOKER & LENT. 14
Post st.
EL CARMELO — Beautiful apartment house;
just completed; 1719 Washington st.. near
Van Ness ave. ; o. 4, ."> and C rooms and bath
with each; finished in natural woods; tiled
bathrooms, etc.; genteel resilience location;
convenient to. car lines; rooms large and
sunny; must be seen to be appreciated.
MONTCLAIR APARTMENTS^
Corner Pine und Taylor sts.: beautiful new
modern apartments; all sunny corner suites;
furnished or unfurnished; none superior; ma-
rine view. LYON & HOAG. 116 Montgomery.
ST. CECILE. lir. Fell, above Van Ness— The
acme cf perfection in elegantly Turn. 3-roofn
apartments; private baths, steam heat, eleo.
lights, elevator, gas ranges; $30 to {55.
THE Lunger, 415 Haye«, cor. Octavla — Just
completed; sunny; modern 3-rm. apartments;
elfcantly furnished; electric lights: private
baths; $10 up; refs.; also doctors' offices.
ST. LOUIS. 1575 Jackson ft.— Modern 3-4-fl
'rooms, also single; furnished or unfurnished;
marine view; now open; references.
HADDON HALL. '
051 EDDY ST. REFERENCES.
AF ABTMEW TS WANTED.
UNFURNISHED apartment, 2 rms. and kitch-
en, for husband nr.d wife; rent not over $25.
Box 719. Call office.
WANTED — Apartment of 3 or 4 rooms, fur-
nished corui<iete; state price; references.
Bos 470, Call. .
FURNISHED .'{-room apartment wanted;
must be reasonable. Box CGO. Call.
ROOMS TO LET — Farn. nml Cnlnrn.
AURORA, corner Second and Folsom sts. — New
house, new furniture; every room outside;
modern and eurny; prices from $1 60 per
week up; this Is the only up-to-date house ln
this vicinity; flrst-class grill attached.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 143 Sixth st.— Rooms
2.*ic to $1 per night $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all r.lght.
ABERDEEN. 83G Sutter — Just opened; hand-
somely fur.; cor. suites; bath; sun all dayj
fine view; single rrr.s. ; tourists; excl. location.
AT "The Almonte," 873 Market st. <or No. I
Fifth st. >— Rooms. 25c. 50c. $1. $1 50 night;
$1 50 to $10 week: house open all night.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
ni?hed rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY. 457 — Furnished room, large front par-
lor; fireplace; suitable for two gentlemen.
FILLMORE. l>26, nr. McAllister— Nicely fur-
nished room In fine locality; car line passes
door; reasonable; bath; gas; phone.
FOLSOM. .".74 — Unfur. sunny rms. : grate, closet,
running water; small ones, from $4 mo. up.
FRANKLIN, 45— Front housekeeping rooms, $3
to $15; also single, $0 to $10. -
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 35c
to $1 25 night; SI 50 to $0 wk.; reading-room.
MANHEIM, CS2 Sutter — Sunny front rooms;
strictly first class: transient.
MISSION. S.17A— Fine single rooms, with run-
. nlng water; closet; $1 00 week and up.
MISSION. 10t>n — Elegant suite; thoroughly
cleaned; suitable for 2 or :>: bath. gas. phone.
ROYAL House. 120 Ellis — Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms per night. 35c to $1 S>0; week. $3
to $8; month. $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
ST. JAMES, McAllister and Laguna— A sunny
furnished single room: rent $7.
UNITED STATES. 12.1 Eddy, near Market— 400
rooms. 35c to $1 night. $f*75 to $0 week: elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water ln every
room; elevator, read. -room; free bus; baggag*.
VAN NESS ave.. 519 — Elegant front parlors and
adjoining suite for office or club.
WASHINGTON. 14C2 — Large sunny front room
and bath; with or without board.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. near Market—
Mobt convenient and respectable: 700 rooms;
::,'.<¦ to $1 50 night; $2 to $S week; elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggag*.
WOLF Housf. 2O! Sixth— Electric Ilirht [a
every room: ronm from 15c to $1 per night.
75c to $5 per week: op«n all nlKht.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1C08 Market St.. opposit* Fifth.
Op<-n until 11 p. m.
ROOMS AXD DOARD.
HOTEL ~ HATTON
977 Pine, nr. Taylor; elegantly furnished
suites; private baths; all modern conven-
iences; excellent table.
ELEGANT front, sunny alcove room; running
water, gas, bath; suitable for 2, with board;
private family; also another room. 1224 Gold,
en Gate ave.; phone Stelner 3U26.
BOARD and rooms In a private family; home-
like; home cooking; single. $:;0; man and
wife, $55 Bex C93, Coll ofnee.
THE WALLACE, 944 Van Ness ave.. cor.
O'Farrell st. ; room and board. $25 per month:
house under new management.
CALIFORNIA. 1246— Moat select location In
modern, elegantly furnished prlvat* home:
table unsurpassed: marine view.
MCALLISTER. OOS— A large front room with
or \vtthout board.
VAN NESS avo.. 044. corner O'Farrell — Board
and room. $25 per month. ¦
TIIK XIARA, 015 Taylor— Nicely furnished,
Eimny suites; also single; excellent table.
ROOMS and board; everything neat and clean:
reasonable rates. Box 700. Call office.
SUTTER. 007 (Crystal . House) — Elegant rooms;
board optlcnal; respectable; reasonable.
HOTEL ELSMERE. 41S Sutter— Sunny rooms;
excellent table; from $40; single $20.
NEWPORT. 101S Pin6. near Taylcr— Large sun-
ny tultis: also single rocm; excellent tabl*.
Stevenson mansion. S07 California — Fine rooms;
new chefs; colored service; table specialty.
O'FARRELL. SOS — Furnished rooms; hom*
I cooking: German family; $(5 per week. /
' POWELL, 0C2, cof. Sutter — Large sunny corner
- room for 2. terms reasonable: also single rm.
! ROOMS 'AND HOARD jj WAJVTED.
r WANTED— Bonrd and room or suite of rooms
i for man and wife; rooms must bs pleasant
| und homelike. Address, with rates, box 704,
Call office. .
WANTED — Board and room by gentleman In
t refined . Jewish .family; -state rates. Box
1 427. Call. ,
'• BOARD and suite of rooms ln first-class hotel
a or private family for a married couple; glv«
'• : .rates: references exchanged. Box C37. Call.
BOARD and suite of rooms wanted for two
adults in boardinc-hous^ t>r private family:
- references . exchanged. Box 460. Call.
I WANTED — Board and. 2 rooms for two adulta
¦ and boy of '12;* must be reasonable; stata
J , ' price. ', Box 4U5. t CalL .....
1 ROOM and . board, wanted for a single man;
• , i downtown; > Box -712, Call office.; .
• A WEEK'S news for B centt— The Weekly Call,
.' 10 pages, in wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
TALMISTIVY.
MME. DEVAS. scientiflc palmist and astrolo-
glst: palm readings $1: 3 questions by ex-
press, SI; open Tuesday eve. also. 139 Post st.
MME. NEERGARD, located at 242 Post; hours
1 to 5 daily. Phone James 1. Classes.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 615
Taylor yt., near Geary. Phon a Plack 561.
PHYSICIA.NS AND SCBCUSOKS.
DRTc7^~O 7 DONNELL^6fflce. and~resldenc«.
1021 Vi Market St.. bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
r.I.OOr- skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 107:ifc Market st.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor,
treats all diseases of tbe human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason: now lo-
cated at 607 Geary St.. near Leavenworth.
DR. TONG PO CIIY. successor to Dr. LI Po
Tal. herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
DR. M. MAT.SUDA has returned from Orient.
Now -at SE. corner Geary and Taylor sts.
WONG WOO. the famoU3 herb doctor — All d!s-
vase* cured hy Chinese herb* 74B-8 Clay it.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
THE secretary of the St. Francis Girls" Di-
rectory Orphan' Asylum herewith gives notice
that tho following orphan, half-orphan and
abandoned- boys and girls have be*n admitted
to the asylum at Central avenue and Waller 1
street from July 1. 11HW. to January 1, I'.KU:
Hazel Kane. « yrs; Claire Kane, 2 yrs; Haz»l
Roche. 10 yrs; Margaret Roche, 13 yrs; LH-
lie Ivers. 7 yrs; Edna Ivera. 0 yrs; Joseph
Sir id, 4 yrs; Ella Creque, «'. yrs 4 mjs; Ger-
tie Robinson. 1 yr 11 mos; Edward Tansey,
7 yrs; Joseph Namcel. 5 yrs: Oland»r da
Fresel, 6 yrs; Hannah Murphy. 8 yrs; Patrick
Murphy. 4 yrs; Timothy Murphy. 3 yrs; An-
nie Farrcn, 10 yrs: Manuel Silvera, 5 yrs I
mos; Andrew Varney. 5 yrs; Noble Varney,
. 4 yrs; Francis McCarthy, 8 yr3; Elsie Mc-
Carthy, 0 yrs; Irvln McCarthy 4 yrs; Eve-
lyn McCarthy, 13 yrs; Allan McCarthy. 12
yrs; Paul PaDeera. 3 yrs; Peril Pape«ra. 2
yrs; Francis Hornbeck. 12 yrs; Georse Bo-
han 6 yrs;" Frank Cacace, 4 yrs: Annl»
O'Connor. 10 yrs; Ruth Courtland.' 11 yrs;
Daisy Sartent, 6 yrs G .nos: Harry Holver-
son. 7 yrs; Mary Matthews. C yrs; Rose Mat-
thews 5 yrs; Frank Matthews, 2 yrs 0 mos;
Joseph Waters, ti yrs t! mo*; Thomas Waters.
4 yrs 5 mos; Ruth Smith. 10 yrs: Mary Mag-
gio, 10 yrs; Raphael Maffglo. 8 yrs; Louisa
Koenig, 0 yrs: John Reardon. 6 yrs; KM. Its
Reardon, 4 yrs; Mabtl Adam», 8 yrs; Georg*
Adams. 6 yrs; Frank Adams. 5 yrs; Harold
Spregue 10 yrs: Lesley Spregue, 8 yrs; Maria
Drendarid. 0 yrs; Victor Drendand. 3 yrs;
Loney Wolf, 2 yrs 6 mos; Stella Pan'.a. 10
yrs U mos; Dorothy Roe. 12 yrs; Mary Clark.
10 yrs; Agnes Clark. 0 yrs 3'm*.*; Annie
Clark. 7 yrs: Catherine Clark. 6 yrs; Frank
Ivers, 4 yrs; Madeline Clark. 2 yrs; David
Mitchell. S yrs 4 mos; Rose Mitchell. 8 yr*
11 mos; Catherine Coyle. 8 yrs; Dan Coyle.
tt yrs; Francis Ccyle, 5 yrs; Hannah Coyle,
2 yra: Francis EverdinK, R yrs; Thomas
Everdlng. 2 yrs: Mary Schluch. 10 yrs;
George Voslne. 3 yrs: Leo Goethals. 7 yr»;
Herbert Kalries. S Irs; Ro><e Kalrles, *> yrs:
Isabella Bedella, 7 yrs: Ellen Ante. 11 yr»:
George Tracy. « yrs; George Hunter. 7 yrs 6
rr.os; Henry Foster. 8 yrs: Eva Narvls. 7
yrs; Josephine Narvis. 3 yrs; Ira Malnburif,
8 yr3: Leonard Malnburg, 7 yrs: Mary Caro-
line Xowlan. 6 yrs 11 mos^
A WEEK'S news for Z rents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
S12WIXG MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES
NEW HOME— See our new triple-feed ma-
chines; slightly used: $10. $13. ?20; second-
hand, $3, $5. $8; all styles; guaranteed. New
Homo Sewing Machine Co.. 1051 Market st.
{j<; so — NEW improved drop-head nlckel-flnlsh.
guaranteed 10 yrs.; 2d-hand sewing machine*
$2 CO. $.{. $4. 145. 6th St.: tel. Jessie 313K.
STORAGE ANJB^WA^IEJIOUSES;^^
A — EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 723-
731 Howard St.. nr. Third: phone Grant 161.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co.. of-
fice Post and Powell sts. : tel. Prlve. Ex. B71.
CONKLIN'S storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. :KEi Golden Gate ave.; phone East 120.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made: 9-40
Mission St.: tel. Howard D4L F- W. Zthfuss.
PACDT1C Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pauy. 2.'i20 Flllmore St.; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
St.: tel. Main 1«4O. Shipping at cut rat«»
S'fUTTEU IX G AX P STAM.1I KltlXG.
MELBOURNE SchJol, Van Nesa-Market— Cure
in every case; individual teaching: no, medi-
cine. Inquire Into wonderful cures; home cure.
_TYFB\VRITEnS_AJ«p SDPTILIES^
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No. t
-Smith Premier. $25; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 SO. Tn«
Typewriter Exchange. £36 California st.
A FEH' good typewriters at $30 each; get par*
tlculars of L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont,
gomery st.
A typewriter at any prtoe: agents Fay-Sholes.
$100: Sun. $40: Commercial, $35: Portal, $25.
CUNNINGHAM. CURTIS3 A WELCH.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriting Inspec. Co.. COS Market.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
IR paces, ln wrapper, for mallSn?. ?l per year.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
CENTRAL PACIFIC RAILWAY COMPANY
FIRST REFUNDING MORTGAGE BONDS
Notice Is hereby given that, pursuant to ths
provision of Article Eight of the mortcax*
from this Company to the Central Trust Com.
pany of New York. Trustee, dated August I.
16U9. this Company has set apart out of th*
net Income derU-ed by it from ih» lines of
railroad therein mortgaged the sum of Twen-
ty-five thoucand dollars ln trust to be used
to redeem said bon.ls, and that bonds issued
under said mortgage will be redeemed there-
with end bids are hereby Invited for. the sur-
render of such bonds at prices to !>» named by
the bidders, to 'the amount requisite to ex-
haust said cum. Such bids ihould be pre-
sented to this Company at Its office. 120
Broadway. In the City of New York, on or
before the 1st day of February, 1904. at
twelve o'clock noon, and should be indorsed
••Bids for Surrender of Central Pacific Rait-
way Company First Refunding Bonds."
CENTRAL PACIFIC RAILWAY COMPANY.
By E. H. HARRJMAN. President.
New York. January gy/liWt.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
¦The following marriage licenses were Issued
j ectcrday :
Lawrence Constine. 23. 217* Geary street,
and Carolyn Haas. 20. 012 Ellis street.
William D. Leahy, 2S, Ashland. WIs., and
Louis? T. Harrington. 27. city.
Antonio Corslglla. S8, 814 Filbert street, and
Jennie C. Carrara. 43. S14 Filbert street. .
August CJrossmuller, 30. 145 Hyde street, and
Rita N. Fleischmann, 25. 145 Hyde street.
Georgi* W. Winter, V.0, lope, and Mathilda
C. W. Kohler. 20. .'K3 Guerrero street.
Rolla E. Brabham. 23. 337 Fell street, and
Laurel Waterhous;. 10. 102 Golden Gate ave.
Bert L. Norcrow, ."2. Antloch, and Phlllys
M. Trembath. 30. Antiocb.
Herman Mensor. 28. Sll O'Farrell street,
and -Gaberlelia Specht. 17. S60 Howard street.
John R. Lynden. o2. 04:1 Folsom street, and
Sarah M. Stecle, 28. 327 Franklin street.
John F. Tighe, 37, Redding, and Margaret
Tighe, .14, Rfddlnr.
Ruf.u* Hughes, :>{. Dunaway, and Catherine
C. Utnnett, IS. Dunaway.
Hans C. A. Petcrsen. ::0. 2 City Hall place,
and BMlth M. Hanyen. IS. 2 City Hall place.
John O. Hemphlll. 3O, P2 Second street, and
GeTgiana Pillow. 27. 54 Mint avenue.
Harry Gold, .".<>, 11 Harrison avenue, and
rr.uline Miller, 20. 11A Harrison avenue.
Giambatlsta Crosetti, 2t!. Oakland, and Cil-
lestina Armaninl, 20, C1 Oakwocd street.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriase and death notices s<>nt by
mail will not b? Inserted. They must bo handed
In at either of tho publication offices! cn;l be
IncJor.;v>l with tho name and residence of per-
eitr.s authorized to have the same published
Notices reFtrlctecl simply to the announcement
of the event are published onco In this column
free ot charge.
BORN*.
SOLOMONS— In this city, January 21, 1004.
to the wife of Lucius L. Solomons, a daugh-
• ter.
1 MARRIED.
COFFIN— OILMAN — In Oakland. Cal.. Janu-
ary 18. . lf>O4, by the Rev. John Stephens,
i Nelson Coffin • and Emily Oilman, both cf
: Neno. Ncv.
• GOLDSMITH— McCLELLAN — In this city.
January 10. 1001, by the P.ev. Father Clif-
ford of Mission Dolores Church. Edwin 8.
Goldsmith nr.d Minnie A. McClellan. both
of San Francisco.
i JACOBS — NIEMEYEK— In this city. January
I 21. 10W; by .fie Rev. Paul Branke. John
» Jacobs and Brama ICIemeyer, both of San
Francisco.'
' JOHNSON— SAWYER— In thU» city. January
21, 1001,' by the Rev. John Stephens, George
L. Johr.son and Grace II. Sawyer, both of
San Francisco.
LOOSLI — HOMER — In this city. January 10.
1004. . by . the - Rev. G. A. Bernthal, Chariest
Loosll and Charlotte liomer, both of San
; Francisco.
' SCHILLING— GEARY— In this city, January
. 20, 1904, by the neV. O. A. Bernthal.
Charles H. A. Schilling of San FrancUco
', and Jessie II. Geary of Oakland. ,
HI g CR L>L A XEOUS FOTl SAUN-Citn
DKFKS ar.d Bates: fee the Complete line at 1816 '
Market, ab. Van Ness. RICHARDSON HKW.
EAFKi-^New and sec-ond-hand. THE HER-
.MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st. .
SEW and second-hand machinery of all kinds.
KP.OGII MFG. CO.. 51!) Market st.
MGYJNG plctun s. lr.aglc lanterns, sale, rental; '
bargains. Hullard fc Breck. 131 Post st.
SAFES — New and second-hand. E. B. BECK ;
* CO.. 122 Market st. • '
Ki!i?on jihonograi-'hs, records, supplies, mo\'lng
j.lcture machines, films. Bactgalupi. 93.1 Mkr. ;
GA1-OL1NE engines. au».>mobile» and launches;
al) sizes. J. E. DOaK. 40 Fremont st. ;
ASK for price* on pecend-hand typewriters; all :
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montgy.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and eubscrlptlors has been
opened at 100S Market st.. opposite Fifth.
Ot.on until 11 n. m. .
."UISCKLLAXKOtlS WAXTS.
Paper- hanjsins fronted; don't forget: samples
furn & estimates given. R.CHall.1239 Mrkt.
BOOKS and libraries bought. H. C. HOLMES.
1149 Market ft.; phene Jessie 3711, or postal.
I PAY highest prices for all kinds of cast-off
clothing; tend postal. MORRIS. 870 Folsom.
TILTON wants good *econd-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 Dth Kt. : tel Jessie 2831.
MOKEYj TO LOAN. .
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY*
001-002-COo Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointment.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
KstateF, second mortgages, undivided inter-
<?L-t.=, assignments of rents, property in trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates und undivided in-
tcrosla in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
gee HERMAN MURPHY. '
WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount on
1st, 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate or.
. Chattels, in city, town
or country.
Low rate of intprp.=t.
Give full particulars
cf property or chattels;.
Location, etc.
Box 4U*t, Call office.
MONEY loaned ta salaried people, retail mer-
chants. te:imstc-rs, boarding houses, without
. security; £ary payments; largest business in
4(. principal cities. Tolman, 5J.'t Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY reFpc-ctnble.iirlva.te place .to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, Jewelry, at 2
per cent interert. Baldwin Jewelry Store.
SIC. Market; te.1. Main 1G14.- Branch. 19 Third.
A — 1 l>:r cent on furniture or piano; no remov-
al, no comm'.FsUjii. no publicity; S'-Ij up; quick,
private, confidential. 26 Montgomery, rm. 7.
11ONIIV :o loan on low interest; gold, silver,
diamond*, pearls and procious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAX/8. 10 Sixth st.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE, 10.1 Grant ave.,
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10,000.
NEW easy method — To wage-earners en unln-
dorsed notes; absolute privacy. Fidelity Loan
. Company, rooms 4S-40, Chronicle bids.
TO salaried ppople without security; on furni-
ture; indorsed notes and other security. S. F.
Disccunt Agency. 113 Fhelan building.
AT lowest rat^a on furniture and pianos; strict
privacy; no ooinmlssicniinEtallments accepted.
¦itOXKLLI, :;01 Eddy. Conservatory building.
ANY sum on furniture or pianos; no removal;
lowest rate; t asy payments; no commission.
1170 Market »t.. room CS.
ALL loans on diamonds and jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. CollTtcrat Loan f.ank. .V>S Kearny.
3 Tr ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN, room 81. 0 Eddy st.
1 PER cent on furniture or piano. 10OT Mu-
tual Savings Bank bldg., 708 Market st.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
'salaried employes. R.311, Mutual Sav. Bk.bld.
CASH leaned salaried people on notes without
In'lorser. MORELL. 609 Examiner building.
MUSICAL. INSTRUMENTS.
ALL~tJPRIGHTsT^ " . .
Kimball. fancy walnut ................ .$30
Collard V-~
£teln way '. SM)
HeV.ry Hertz .....'. S7S
Occidental § 82
J. & C. Fischer $99
3 Emersons. walnut, rosewood, mahog-
any, same as new. each $1S7
Colby, cannot be told from new r;{233
Chlckering : $187
2 .Stelnways. large and small size, al-
most new ?105-J325
Heine. $475 etyle. slightly used $285
And 200 others. n
All pianos sold are guaranteed not to be de-
fective Examine this list. '<%> have never
had such a ereat variety at so low a price.
Rents. $2 up; Installments. $4 up. HEINE
PIANO CO.. 2."5-2.!7 Geary st.
A FINK lot of bar pains ln second-hand pianos,
Inriudlng such makes as Stelnway, Halnt>s
Bros.. Knabe. Baus, Foster, Weber, Star.
Marbhall & Wendell. Sterling and other
makes. BKNJ. CURTAZ ic SON. 16 O'Far-
rell St.; BO branches in San Francisco.
THI£ week we shall offer pome special prices
on stock that we desire- to close out before
stock taking; a good stock to select from If
you come soon. THE ZENO MAUVAIS
MUSIC COMPANY. 7C3 Market st.
A FEW unredeemed storase pianos (also fur-
niture) will be sold to pay storage dirt cheap.
wHITEHEAD'S storage. ltfJC Market st.
NEW pianos sold on $5 monthly payments.
JOS. SCHMITZ & CO.. IC McAllister st.
A FISCHER upright piano lor sale; good as
new; $m. 237 Geary st.
$C> — UPRIGHT piano; Steck mahogany; nearly
new. HORNUNO BROS.. 210 McAllister St.
BEAUTIFUL 3-pedal Steicway upright piano;
perfect order; sacrifice. Keeffe's.28A O'Farrell.
6OHMER. Tlyron Maur.y pianos. Ceclllan piano
player. BYRON MAU2Y. .".OS-312 Post st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MUI.I.KR maker repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AXD STOHES TO LET.
NICE fine office to let; also fine front desk
room. Call at 419 California st.. room 21.
PERSONALS.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, im-
proves its Browth.Ktop? falllng.eures dandruff
and itching scalp;, no stain or stickiness;
cleanses sca!j>; at druggists', hairdressers';
accept no substitute. Star Remedy Co . 133S
Polk st.
GRADUATES of New York School of Massage.
Osteopathy, vapor and electric baths; face
vibrating machine for rheumatism; genuine
,tub*. hot and cold water; trained nurses as
attendants. Prof, and Mrs. Morris, 400 Geary.
NOT how cheap but how good is the motto of
the manufacturers of the Rapid Rotary
Standard the sewing-machine of to-day. J.
W. EVANS, agent. 1021 Market st.
PHYSICIAN. 15 years' experience, cures per-
manently morphine, cocaine habit. Call or
addre«« Central Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave.,
corner Sutter Ft.; fee moderate.
JIMMY CARROLL'S Academy of Boxrng and
General Physical Training School is at the
Lurline Baths. ¦
SPECIAL OFFER for 1 mo. ; ladles' «ults made
to order; flm-class vrork; $10; with material
furnished $20 up. At M. WILSON. 3S0 Geary.
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drus dis-
eases positively cured by willow Bark Co.,
1830 Polk st. ; consultation free; call or write.
LIQUOR habit cured In 2 days or no charges:
guaranteed. Acme Liquor Cure Co.. 007 Mar-
krUBt.. room 20."; phone South 751.
AT lrs.j than cost, uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers nt CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor 721 Market st.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday. Sun-
day evgs.. Teutonia HaU. Howard Et.. near
9th; Prof. Foster; society dancing taught.
MARY A. ALLISAN, call at 78 Chronicle
building. ¦
MRS. Eaton, electric needle specialist. SC9 Sut-
ter, r. C09. Miss Eaton, 23.1 Geary, room 38.
SUPERFLUOUS hair, moles, perm, removed
by electrolysis. Mrs. JJ. B. Johnson. 139 Post.
Bon Marche Pants Co.; special $5 pants to or-
der. Roome 14 & 10. 40 Ellis. Tel. Drumm 44.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
SUPERFLUOUS hair &' ; moles removed by elec-
trlc needle. Dr. & Mrs. Traverse, 1170 Market.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 00: drers pants" $2 50.
Misfit Clothlns Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian. Henna restores gray
hair to Us natural color; ?1 ; at all druggists'.
A BRANCH office" Of The Call for the | recep- '
tlon of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Market at., opposite
Fifth.. Open until. II p. m. . .-
rAPERHA.\OIjyG. PAIVri.\G. ETC.
ROOMS papered. $4 up; tintUig?~pa7ntlnT
Hartmann Paint Co.. 319 Third; tel. Main 413.
his soul.
DIED.
Armstrong. Caroline Ki*txrnann. Fredrick
Aronson. Isidor McCarthy. Mary
Bennett. Michael McKenna. Margaret
F.reyfogle. Chas. E. Miller. John T.
Brown, Charles V. Muller. Jaccb
Clark, Joseph Nager. Anton
De Gear. Mary Nelson. Jennie E.
Degnan, llary O'Connor. Catherine
Donahue. Patrick Prior. Mrs. Mary
Donavan. Josenh J. Ra-ndle. Mlnnto M.
Fellow». Charlie Rt-ga». PantelUi
Fisher. Mary Ross. Olive R.
Fiti Patrick. Simon Schultz. Fred
Hlnchman. Isabella Sheldon. F. \V.
Jileck. FiT.nk J. Simj'*cn. Thomas
Johnson. Olof » Wacholder. Esther
Jorger.sen. Margartt AVarren. Gladys V.
Kerr. Susan Wllam, Mary M.
ARMSTRONG— In Fruitval-. January 21. 10O4,
Carc.Hne Armstrong, dearty belove.l wife of
T. J. Armstrong, and sister of Mrs. R.
Rhodes and the late Dr. J. 11. Laine of San
Francisco, a native cf Canada, ajt^d K*
yearg.
ARONSON'— In this city. January 21, 1904.
Isidor. bel.ivcd husband of Carrie D. Aron-
son. father of Leon Aronson. brother o£
Simon and Robert Aronnoa and Mrs. Laur*
S'mnn. and s in of Mrs. Amelia and tho lata
David Aronson. a native of Kolmar, Ger-
many, aged 47 years.
C7T*e funeral will take place Friday.
January Tt, at li::«) o'clock, from his lat*
ipsiilence. 2b'!5 Sacramento street, and thenesi
hy electric funeral car leaving Eighteenth
and Guerrero atreitd at !:¦'{<> o'clock to Nevr
Salem Cemetery for interment.
BENNETT— In this city. January 21. 1»M.
Michael Bennett, beloved husband of Mary
Nyhan Bennett, anir s:cofath»r of William
J.. Harry .1. nr.d Kittie Flpmlng and Mrs.
II nttxeralxt a native of Lancashire. Eng-
land, astvi .">7 years 1 month ami 2O days.
A member cf Riggers' and Stevedores' Union.
Loea I -"-':.'.
ICFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to. att:nd the funeral Sunday.
January 24. at 12:30 o'clock, from the pnr-
lois of McFadden. McRrearty & Green. 1171
J!is*i >n 3treet, between Seventh and Eighth,
thence to St. JoseDh's Church, wher* ser-
vices will be held at I o'clock. Interment
Holy Cro.vs Cc-metery.
BREYFOGLE— In San Jose. January 21. 1004.
Charles Edwin Breyfoscle. son of the lato
Dr. C. W. Brcyfogle of San Jose, and nephew
cf Dr. Edwin S. Breyfogie. >
BROWN— In Yountvillc Veterans 1 Home.
Charles F. Brown, a native of Newport.
It. I., aged 83 years.
CLARK— In the City and County Hospital.
January SI. 1904. Joseph Clark, a nattve o£
England. a«ed. 10 years.
DE GEAR— In this city. January 20, 1004.
Mary, relict of George W. de Gear, a na-
tive of Philadelphia, aged Cd years 1 montli
and 2C days.
E^Friends and acquaintances ar» respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from Olivet Con«;r«-
gatlcnal Church, Seventeenth and No»
streets. Interment private.
DEGNAN— In this city. January 21. 19OI.
Mary Degnan. relict of the late James D'g-
nan, and me ther of Thomas. John and Cath-
erine IVKiun and Mrs. L. Carolan. a natlv«
of County Sligo. Ireland.
ITCTThe funeral will take place to-morro«r
(Saturday), at 9:St> o'clock, from her lat»
resldenc-:-, 11^5 Folsom street, thenco to St.
Jcs;ph's Church, where a requiem high man
¦will bo celebrated fcr the reac*e of her
soul at 10 o'clock. Intermsnt orivat» la
Hotv Cross Cemetery, by electric car from.
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets. Flsaa*
omit flowers.
DONAHUE— In this city, January 21. *.**%.
Patrick Donahue, belov«d brother cf Mr*.
K. Mitchell, Mrs. M. Taboas and the lat»
John Donahue, a native of County Kerry.
Ireland.
£17 Friends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at — o'clock, from the par-
lors of Gantner Bits.. 12tfl) Mis-ion street,
between Eiehth and Ninth, thence to St.
Boniface's Church. Golden Gate avenue, be-
tween Jones and L'avenwcrth streets. wher«
itm.« will he celebrated for the repose of hi*
saul. commencing at — o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
DONAVAN— Ln this city. January 20. 1904.
Jiseph J. Donavan. beloved son of Timothy
Donavan. and brother of Paul and Jenrn«
Dunavan. Mrs. A. C Eldrldge and Mrs. F.
A. Uuinh.im. a native uf San Francisco,
aged 40 years and 2 davs.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
IFriday). at 8:^0 o'clock, from the parlors
of McFadden, McBrrarty & Green, 1171 Mis-
sion street, between Seventh and Eighth,
thence to St. Mary's Cathedral, where a re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of his soul, commencing at 0 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
FELLOWS— In this city. January 21. 1904.
Charles Fellows, a native of Portland, Or.,
aged 24 years.
E7 Remain* at the Darlora of II. F. Suhr
& Co.. 1137 Mission street, between Seventh
and Eighth.
FISHER— In th!s. city. January 21. 1904.
Mary, dearly • beloved wife of tbe late John
Fisher, a native of Louisville, Ky.. aged
44 years 1 month and 11 day.
ICTNotlce of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the narlors of Car.-w £ English, 20 Van
.\v«.i avenue.
.FITZ PATRICK— In this city. January 21.
i'.xit. Simon, dearly beloved husband of
Mary n Fltz Patrick, and dearly beloved
father of Mary, Simon, James and Roro
Fltz Patrick, Mrs. C. R. Wagner and th«
late Sarah Fltz Patrick, a native of County
Louth. Ireland, aged 7U year* and 4 months.
A member of Exempt Fire Company.
E7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his lat«
residence, 40 Julian avenue, thence to Mis-
sion Dolores Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the reoose of
his soul, ccmmenclns at 0 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy CroES Cemetery.
HINCHMAN— In Alameda. January 20. 15>O4,
l.*ab lie Maria Hinchman, mother of Mrs.
W. H. Cook and Gertrude R.. Frederick and
William B. Hinchman. a native of New
York, aged C3 years.
C^Friends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Friday, January 22. 1004, at 2 o'clock, at her
late residence, 13o(i Everett street. Alameda.
Interment private. Mountain View Cemetery.
JILECK— In Uillbrae. San Mateo County. Jan-
uary ID. im.4. Frank J. Jileck. beloved bus-
band of th* late Annie Jileck. and lather
of Frank J.. Richard J. and George R. Jil-
eck. Mrs. C. Marble and Mm. S. William*,
a native of Cleveland. Ohio, a«d 54 years.
A member of United Brotherhood of Carpen-
ters and Joiners of America No. 4SX (Cleve-
land. Ohio, pauers please copy.)
E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of the United Undertakers, S6o Mission
street, between Fourth and Fifth, thence to
St. Joseph's Church for services at 10
o'clock. Interment Holy Croas Cemetery.
JOHNSON — In this city, January 2O. 1904.
Olof. beloved husband of Hannah Johnson,
and father of Frank and Roy Johnson, a na-
tive of Sweden. A member of Court Star of
the Mission No. 7197. A. O. F.. and Uia
Sailors Union of the Pacific.
JORGENSEN— In San Lorenzo. January 20.
lt»C4. M irciret Olekter Jorgensen. beloved
wife of J. C. Jorirensen. and mother of John.
Kate. Henry. Sophia. Otto and Nicolas Jor-
gensen and Mr*. W. J. Rowlea or San L«-
andro and Mrs. W. E. Carpenter of Los An-
geles, aeed 46 years 3 months and 5 days.
ETFriends and acquaintances ara respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Friday,
ot 2 o'clock, from the lat» residence at San
Lorenzo. Interment San Lorenzo Cemetery.
KERR-ln this city. January 19. 1904. Susan.
dearly beloved wife of John Kerr. and t»«-
voted. mother of Mrs. A. L Cadwsll. Mrs.
David Miller and Mrs. James Miller, a na-
tive of Scotland. aseJ (S3 years 7 montHa
and is days.
CyFrlenda ard acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and ElKhth. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery, by electric funeral
car from eighteenth and Guemro street*.
KIETZMANN— In this city, January 21. 1904.
Fredrick, dearly beloved husband of Elisa-
beth Kietxmaan. and beloved father of
Frank Ktetzmann. Mrs. Ed Kuhls and Mrs.
Joseph Ro*>. a nattve of Callow, Germany,
ased C2 yean.
MCCARTHY— ln this city. January 20. 1904.
Mary, beloved v.i.'e or the late Michael Mc-
Carthy, mother of Michael. John and Mas-
Erie McCarthy. .Mrs. W. E. Stanton and Mr».
W. A. Kins, and ulster of Patrick, John and
Edward SMelila »nd Mrs. Ellen Latiir.er. a.
native of Smartsville. Yuba County. Cal..
ased 40 years 11 months and 8 days.
C7Frlend» and acquaintances are respoct-
fuHy Invited to attend the funeral to-iiay
(Friday), at '1:30 o'clock, from the resident*
of her dauc'f er. Mrs. W. E. Stanton. 10UI
Minna street, thence to St. Joseph's Church,
where services win be held at 1 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
McKENNA— ln tbis city. January 21. 19OI.
Margaret, relict of the late John J. M. -
• Kenna. mother of William .T.. John J.. EU«n
and Jc.«eph A. McKenna, and sister of Mrs.
Annie Wetterauii 1 : and Mrs. Martin Skough*
I'jnd. it native of Ireland.
(C7"Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains
Continued on Pajfe Fourteen.
HENRY J. OALLACHER CO.
(Succepscrs to Flannasan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mer.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMUALMER3,
20 Fifth sty. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
, — -^-Funeral Directors and Embalmera— —
Formerly in Metropolitan Temple.
Now at me MISSION. Tel. South 1«T,
Betwten Fourth. and Fifth, near Fifth «C
Finest Eaulome&ts at Moderate Rataa,
REllP AVA\TRn — MAI.F, — r j^i__
WANTEIJ — I-Vr I'. F. army. B-bl6-bodled un-
marrted men, between «tres of 21 and :;.">:
citizens -jX I'niu <1 State*, of srooil character
ar.il tcmriet-Hte habits', who <-iin Ki>eak, ien«l
and v.rit^ Kr.RliHh. l"taS Information apply^to
RecmltlaB Offlccr, Rialto buildinsr. N*w
M^r.tKomery st.. San Trancisco, or HCS Sec-
end rt.; J?aeramento, Cal.
TRY cur ri.cn"* Fhoes, union made, at tl and
tl 10 j.er pair, foot-fcrir. ?hoes at S2 . r >0. or
orthopedic thoes, in TiO; best chops on earth. 11
Third tt . Hiatn. bide.. 5 doors from Market.
I'CiR Fal<— 2-chair barker Kfaop/ cheap; livin^-
roorr.i!. Api>ly 1547 MitKk.n Bt.
BAHBER5— Two-chair nhop. $.'.5; j^nap; come
tjuic!:; i»nt J.'i. lt;74 Mission bt.
POR »^a!e — 2-chair barber shop; cheap. ll^G 1 ,^
l-'ulfom st.
WANjTKO — Man to drive laundry wa«;on: must
have $2S0. French Laundry Co:. V;.'.V1 Mission.
WANTED- A cutter for trimming on clcaks
at M. BlMtXOFF"S. 1228 Market rt.
WAKTED — Ccoter to trim: steady job. 24
Commercial «t.
BARBRR fhrii for fate: goo<l lora:ion; no
npent*. 250 Sixth st., r.ejr Folsom.
WANTED — Men and women to learn the
tarbcr trade; pood chance. C27 Clay Et.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for deep-water
fchips. Aurly DICNT'S place. 2G Steuart at.
Wl.VCHn.STnR Hotel (4 Third Ft., near Mar-
tret — TOtt room?: ?.Tiz nlftht: reading rooirus;
free 'bus and bappace to ami frotu ferry.
MEN to learn barber trade. Fan Francisco
Barber CoIieRe. 741 A Howard st.
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullis room 40. Phelaa
b:<Jg. Tast Corn. Ceo. II. Thcrnas Post. G.A.R.
ADVERT1SEMKNTS. «ubncriptlons received at
Call Drar.eh effic**. cor. Duncan <: Church fts.
A BRANCH offi<"C of The Call for the reception
cf advertisement!" and subscriptions has beea
cprned at IOCS Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
ALL sires men's fhoes. ellshtly damaged, half
price. SC3 Mlsrtnn tt.. bet. let and 2d «ts.
GKT jour Fhces half soled while wa!tlr>e; 25c
to tOc. T.C1 Mlfslnn ft., bet. let ar.d 2<i sts.'
UOUSUS A-\D WAGONS.
FOR epic — At Kclir^e Ftable. 1375 Eddy st.
1 fji; n bay marts, 1."<-1 hands: weight 2200;
po, d drivers; 1 good plow team; 1 cheap
raOiilc horse.
FOR sal? -cheap; 3 spr.njr business wasons,
new; 1 2d-haiid wagon. 1CS0 Mi^sion.nr.l.'Ith.
FCR rale — Handsome trap, chenp. Dox oTaD.
Call .fflce.
AI EXPRESS wagon, lijrht eamping wagon
snd RO-cjrt fcr rale cheap. M2 Mission st.
Lar?rst r.^sortmt 2-fcar.d wjfgcr.s. buckb'd. nur-
rey.harncsF.work.drivintr hcrs»s. ITith-Valaneia.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list of houses to let; stnd for cir-
cular. Q.H.UMBSEN &¦ CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A — HOTJSES and fiats to let; an lmmep.se U*t:
service absolutely free; take advantago of
this departrr.f n\: it wi!l save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-259 Geary
it., cd tbe Equare,
BEFORE moving pet cur printed list of houses
to let. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 25 Post st.
IXVESTJ1E\TS.
BONDS STOCKS AND MORTGAGKS.
All dividend-raying securities for sale.
GKRMANIA 1NVKST CO.. 927 Market st.
LOST AMI KOL'N'D.
LOST — Friday nlpht. 15-foot skiff, 2 pairs oars
and decoys : brass rowlocks fastened to
can?. Return to GEORGE, the fisherman, at
Sobrante; receive reward.
LOST— Old style gold f!»eve buttons, with dia-
monds in cont<*r. Return to office of Hotel
St. Nicholas; receive reward.
LOST — Gold flog collar, ornamented with pearls,
and turquoises; finder will receive reward.
Uox 30!>. Call office.
LOST — Pearl stud Reward at 41C California
street. ¦-.
S1GDICAL.
MRS. DR. WYETH. epeclallst for all female
complaints; Instant relief guaranteed; 40
years' experience; removed to 82U Post st. .
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable rpeclallst for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities; Instant ro-
tl*f guaranteed. 1C0SU Market St.. opp. 5th.
VALPEAU'S female pills; best regulating pills
told; price $2 f>0 by express. Pasteur's
syringe and tablets: price $T>. Hy express
only on receipt of prjre. OSGOOD BROTH-
Kl;P. srfinlrMlr druggists. Seventh and
Uroadwaj-. Oakland.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
in trouble ccnsult this rpeclallst en femals
complaints: positively corrected; tho unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office. 101S Market St.
Dri>. Goodwin. 7."):! Turk. nr. Van Ness — Expert
In obstetrics, female c.implalnts; inst. relief;
treatment ?10; hcur?, 10 to 5; 20 yra:s' exp«r.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES ln EARS
positively cured; new method; 1 week's treat-
ment free. Dr. Cottingham, 20; Sutter St.
MRS. D. ALLEnTTuS MaVket— lleTia^le ladles'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement: best medical care; low fees.
DR. EfcQSEN resides 2T)0."> Folsom St., corner
20th; ladies, relief or no fee: $10.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES and HINDOO HERBS:
original method of treatment; 112C Market Ft.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 31sTpowen st.. epposit*
Union Square; all diseases cured by herbs.
All.MSS AM> SIl.M.Vti.
THE Monterey Gold Mining Company, which
owns one of the most valuable mines |n <"ali-
fomia, has placed on the market 2t).0K» sliar, B
of its. stock a\ 2V a share, the i>ar value
ljiii;K $1 Mr. J. J. Taylor, the eminent min-
ing expert, is in c harge of the work end re-
ports that the richm-ss cf tho mine is gaining
rapidly as the work advances: this ctock will
po to $2 a share within the next 12 months;
Interested parties can pee the quart* and (fold
taken out of this mine at the, office of their
!:.-. a I «£ent*.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market st.
>IISCKM*A\OOL'S — PUR SALE.
DOI'-ERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSI1 & WOLPMAN. 195-137 Fremont St.
TRY ASBESTOS roof paint and be convinced
that It is tbe r>r.ly paint that will stop all
leaks ln any roof, either metal or shingle; it
11 al?o the b«*t preservative paint for all new
rr.etal and shingle roofs, and makes ths roof
!s.«t over twice as Ionic than painted with
any ctlur paints; It has no equal. Office, 41»
• California st.. room 21: telephone James S.lti.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair it with elaterite: In rolls easy to lay:
reeds no painting or coating; good over old
Irrn. tin or shingles; best for new roofs.
ELATERITK ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
2D-HAND machinery, boilers, engines, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc.. etc.. bought, sold,
rtr.ted and exchanged: ee« Sunday papers.
H S. WHITE MCI1Y CO.. 13O-I32 Beale St.
A— 1'lne run*. $7 r.0; dren pantn. $2 50. Origi-
ns! Misfit Clothlnr Parlors. 238 K*arny «..
. near Rush; open to 0 p. ra.. Sunday to noon.
A— Ruys. fcIIs' or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, tx-ilerr. water' pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITKLAW. 253-255 Spear St.
A FINK election of trunks, suit cases and
tailor-rr.eOe *uits Fold en small weekly pay-
Pfnii Mirflt Clcthing Parlors, 25 Stockton.
TYPEWRITERS. Elightly u«ed. sold at cost;
r.ew Underwood visible typewriter catalog
>cnt free. R. E. Revalk & Co.. San Francisco.
ALTERATION rale— Best $2 60 -ats. $i 50.
1'cpuLar 1'rice Hatter. :CO Kearny st.. near
Pine; open to Dp. m. ; Sundays to noon.
TRY cvr men's thoes at $1 and $1 W) pair;
fect-fcrrn chocs at $2 CO; we pay express
charges. 11 3d et.. Exam, bid.: catalog free.
SVic ROLL nnd up; fine wall paper; samples
n-.aiUd; paintlnB, tlntinsr. i^apc-rlnit. M. MKR-
1OAN. 1JC2 Webster. Tel. Jscksort 1321.
DESKS taught*. ""sold" and exchanged. . T. D.
MCCARTHY CO.. 7S2 Mission; UL Rush 107.
OFFICE furniture, rracticaliy new. 519 MhT-
firn st.. room 404.
FINE Ensllsh pointer dog for sale; 11 months
old. Inquire at 139 Ninth rt.
SAILING ark for fieh'.ng and hunting. 3^S
Hush st.. third floor, room 4.
NICKKLPLATnD short case and collar case.
424 Kearny st.
' '
MILES of pipe and flttlnis: all sizes. EU-
GENE RILKY & SONS. 109 Vallejo St.
EAFES and cash reeUterlt. new and aeoond-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1329 Market st. ¦
SOME- good rccond-hand rasoline engines. 1 to
12 H. P. cheap. K. B. Beck & Co.. 122 Mkt.
SLOT machines cheap; Chicagoes, Twentieth
Centuries. Pucks. BACIOALUPL 933 Market.
FINANCIAL.
COMPANIES irtrorporn'c-d. finsr.red und ftoclc
fo«T<l. OT. II. BITTJfER, Lawyer »nd Fi-
r.anciat Agent. 322 Krrma ftm-ecstfta bMg.
FACIA I. MASSAGE.
A — WRINKLES removed: fir.e complexion guar-
cfite-d; rew rnethoi: fiQc. M. LUTON. manl-
«"JDr.g tvarlcrs. 701 Larkin Ft.; phone Pollc 17.
1'lKMItUt: FOR SALE.
A — nra«* Iv-ls. hair inaltre«.«e*. weiithertd ma-
fiocany n:ap!e, furn.: hnn<Ssoit!» dining suit.
<!r-verl»".ei:rta:r>t-,t<-|. Pmt* 818. IMG n.-.U-ht.
llKMTlKK WANTED.
U1GHFST pr1o*«! for furniture and rmls*. L. II.
BTJRI*. auclioneer.lSlSMkt. : tel. Howard 275«.
A. WOLLPERtT ~3 Mi>5lon. phone Red 44C.I.
luvs. m If. repairs, packs furniture, can*" 1 *-
I1KI.P v\ ANT1SI»— FCMALB.
COOK. J-an Jose, little (rash. >.'J0.
»"ook f«r small hotd. *:'..">.
Coast. -' ir f&mil>. BOM Valley, no washing.
. see ladi- !n offlrr i o'clock. $:;<».
?• cooks, rrfrman style. fTO pB
Tarlor maid, fjft
4 (*ef..n<1 giris, (36-133.
2 nur.«- girls, *l^-$^.'>
? 'hamhernsid. sleep home, ? n •***¦»
1-' :¦•¦-. heljxr. sle.-j. hnnie, S"JS.
Housework. « adults. ljUM'.
44 house sir!?, city and country. '•• Rt of
Apply to J. F. CBOSETT & CO., 3-!4 Sut-
ler st.
THREE first -class waitresses, saine hotel; $2r>
each; i>\arf in city. Tliis olfice opeiif 8 '.-'HI a.
m. and «:osfs r. : .i<. |>. m. UXSS PLUNlUiXii
425 Putter fit., near Powfll.
LAPT as enmjinnion for old lady: srood horn*;
I.ern-anent: *.'U< i>er month. Cal. Cmp.
Agency. 14 Tr:ird Ft.
A FIRPT-CLAPS Trcitrtss: boardins-ln'U'e or
inKt'tution. MRS. NORTON, 313 Batter Bt.
A — WANTED — Girls to learn lialrdiesslng.
manicuring, etc.; trade taucht from A to Z
1n 2 »fck.«; $5 to thope entering now: :• po-
riticrs ta flM Immediately; jiosltlcns ruaran-
t-ed at $10 r>T r.«-k ur>: leading tchool ln
Vert. £J3 Geary «t.. rorra UL
A— Glr'.s to lfam tnillinTy now fcr spring !«-a-
•on: bcth seosoas tau;ht from :;tart to finish
in 1 month for $1.*: positions a* trimmers.
falei-Icdies. etc.. guarar.trti tt $10 per wk. up;
Cay *nd ever.inc class. 14:2 Ktockton St.. r. UL
A— LADIUS to ler.rn all branches hnirclr^stng
trade, manicuring, matsage, etc. 123G Mar-
k't St.. cor. Jorics, n>oni M: positions secured
at highest wag: e: day ar.d eve. class; call.
LADIirS wanted everywhere BOpyiac letter* at
hr>me fveninr-B or time and return to
urn: r.o mailing r>r canvaxaiar: ?9 weekly
earned; material* free; eactflM relf-addressed
enveloj* frr parrV u'.ais. "Juarantee Co.. No.
W 4 N^nih gt.. Philadelphia, l'a.
SKVING IJACHINi; OPERATORS AND RIV-
nTERS: NO EXPBRIBKCE KECESSAKT:
TAIO SALARY. LEVI STRAlSsj & Ci'.'S
FACTOR1KS. 32'i FRK1KJNT 57*. AND 1STJ
MISSION. NEAH FIFTEENTH.
EXPERIENCED !are rmVwfflflT war.trd: state
»'h':( rreviouBiv emnloved. salary expected,
etc. Address box <»C. <^11 office.
WANTUI> — Young girl to help vrlth hoi:?>ework
and vierc i>ome. 720B Urion ft.
WANTED — Toun^ lady bnokkeep«r. thnr-
¦ ¦uth!y e\-jwi-iojiee<i ; mupt be a good p?nman.
«'s!l bctwern 9:.*!0 p.nj 11 o'clock. S. N.
WOOD & CO.. 740 Matket ft.
FIRST-OLAPS ha!rdres:-er and^ mTnicurist
wmti-d. Dlcbr* Hair Store. Z2S Fourteenth
St.. (ifckiand.
WANTED— An experienced woman to travel
with f:*.c:flj line. Rox Tl-T. Call office.
WANTnr»— Peani?treyses. Call within thr*e
dsyr. ;C4 San P«blo ave.. Oakland.
GII:L Tor housework; food position for right
I-arty. IC2 Ulis st.
FIJ'.hT CLASS ster.^jrraph»rs furni^hetl. tf>s
M. G. Rarrett. Instructor. 2O2 Montgomery.
A BRANCH office cf The Call for the reeep-
tlon of cdv^rtiyemonts and «ubscr<ptions ha^
tfT. c^«n«d at 1<X»S Market St.. opposite
Klf-.h. Op»n until 11 p. m.
HELP WAVTED^MALR
A— MURRAY & REAOT. CU^SiTcizy^t.
I J lione Main ."MS.
Landing Kmi)loyment and Labor Agents.
TMKt *e cave i:K.»4 we -hope to
<X*.<>'G r.ien work. increase WJ.OOO.
ITS BOLTH.
EUIP DAILY.
ARIZONA Close to PRKPCOTT
$3- ARIZONA 1 ?$?.
25 Wood chopper*
To cut cordweud for big lumber company.
Prices
Red wooi 8<V per ecrd
Pinewood $1 Hj pt-r ex»rd
Hurdwc-fid $1 5<j ne r eord
UL'KRAT & RE APT. CU-<&C Clay Ft.
TIN'PMITH. city, repair work. $.1 day: Fhingle
f««ycr. Mtndocino County, JO.^ and found:
fhingle jointer, north. $SZ and found; wood
turner, city miM: wood turner, country mill;
•i prur.er*. ?2tj and found; nurseryman, ¥2t>
and found: German-Swiss nillker. fare ijaid.
».'~ r » and found: waiter, city hotel. ?25 and
found: waiter, city, $rir> and found; cook,
country hotel, routh. $.'»<> and found: carriage
trimmer. Old Mexico, free fare: blacksmith.
n:in* : ft married laborer* with families.
MURRAY & READY, C34-CJ6 Clay et.
MIDDLE-AGED man a* collector and solicitor
ter flrpt-elas? store. fZ>0: ranch b!arfc?m!th,
S-'JT. end found: Italian choreman. $20 to J2.">
end found; porter. t2O and found; omnibus.
$.*J0: baker, rountrj-. $40 and found: and
oiherf. J. F. CROSETT & CO., C2S Sacra-
meota tt.
A— L. U
Mm to learn the barber trade !n two months
and recure good positions; catalogue and full
information mailed free. 1IOLEB System
College, C33 Clay st.
WANTED — Thirough' accountant of modern
methuds. capable of preparing financial Ftate-
ments cf cemi>!lcat«rd commercial bu?ineE»;
re:..renre F required. Box 422, Call.
VOL'NG men «-verywhr re copy :<tteri=, home
<-v»nlng«. $:» r.O woek: f cnd acdree^ed envelope
for particular*. Mar.a^e r Dept. W 4 box
1411. Philadeli hia. Pa.
GOVERNMENT ro^itions-Cili at rocm 14.
flftt floor, 3C'."> I-arUln t=t., fcr fret infermatien
a* to ixnitloni!. salaries, age limits, etc.; day
or evenings.
BAHI^It *5iop for sale: 3 chain", hydraulic,
rombirjEtion case, first class, up-to-date; b?st
location; will Ftand investigation. Address
A.. Call ptfleg. San Jore.
WHT pay big prices to hr.ve your shoes hslt-
ecled when you can get It dene for 25c. 10o«
• nd COc while you wait at W3 Mission «L
bet. I»t end 2d «u.. or 11 Third et.
BARCUItg— Good 4-ohair harbfr fhop for sale;
• vr.-.r wit-hes to roll on acccmnt of *irkre*p
_Ji a ij.f t_DKCKELMAN RROS.'. 100 Ellis st.
V.'ANTKD — Active, trustworthy man. outside
work and collecting; salary $5fj month; $J<Ki
t-ash 6'pos.t required. 20 Montgomery, rm. K.
WANTED — Union barber to work evenings
Hatui<;ay and Sunday, ir.irj I>evisadera rt, '
WANTED— Good foundry foreman on ( rnT-
lEental iron. Ecx Til, Call.
WAXTEO nut rim eaneatan; also ti'e-
sttter. 245 I^arkin rt.
BAREERS- Fcr Fale. iial." tnte*eBt in down-
town Fhop, easy tfrcif. Apply to BTOI.T35.
TRY cur men's eaor« union mafle, st Jl ar.d
II 10 jair; foct-fonn eho»s at JifiO, we pay
»s;.rtE« or r.:si! charres. 11 3d tt.. Exam. bid.
E^ITRIKNCED tUEincFf men and women do-
s'.rlrg mercantile J>o5ition with good com-
ppiflloa ort requested to call en the R.-.-al
Mf-rcar.tUr Co.. f-ulte 19. Columbian bu!l'5:nic
1)10 Market rt.. or to W2 Broadway, Oakland!
ISARLnii?. take notice!— The office of sccrc-
tary ana Tree Employment Uurcau has re-
moved to 0 Ciiy Hall ave. or J.V>4 Mirket st..
at Jair&Pimrw Rarbcrs' ITsicn. Local 143.
JOS. It. bLLILY.
WANTED - Men and women to learn th«
barber trcfle; wp.prji paid while learning.
Call or n^fir^«» WESTERN COLLEGE OP
PARKERS.cn Commercial sv.Fan Frar.elfco.
WANTED— \n en uroutKl bookbinder: one who
can <!o fcr%vanllr.R and finishlnx on full
bounds. Arp!> SANBORN VAIL & CO.. 141
Market ft.
17 ! 0 — Lat^,rerF and mechanics to know
tft ,«t Ed P.o!k.'n Reno House proprietor, has
afldrd ICO new rocms to the Denver Houne.
tlT Tr.lrd rt.; ;r,o room* ; 2f c to 50c per alsht.
300 YOUNG men of 13 yearg. with eood char-
acter, to organize military orsanlzatiun.
Call at 4.3 Valencia »t.. bet. C and S p. m.
WANTED — A first-clasa carriage blacksmith
Snv2°?-rt"' a ?. t '" Ar>r ''y to A. .MEISTER.&
. u^b CO.. gacraint-cto, Cal.
PENSION A"TTTTir"HARRIS. <0 Ellli St.: 14
I ears practice: references from thousands cf
pcrfons for whom I have secured pensions.
ERIGJIT boy for office work! Apply Superln-
tendent » ofaoe. The Emporium.
MUSICIANS to join military hand. 32S~Bush
st.. third floor, room 4.
REAL KSTATE— CITY— FOU SALE£
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.. C38 Market st.
AUCTION-
AUCTION
AUCTION . ;
January 26, 1004, 12 O'clock Noon ]
At Our Salesrooms.
DOWNTOWN INVESTMENT. \
S line of Pine Et., 112:6 ft. E. of Taylor; lot
20x137:0 feet; No. 023 Pine s-t.; 2-story and .
basement residence, 12 spacious rooms; nomi- <
nal rent of $50: lot adjacent recently sold for
$14, COO; exceptional site for apartment house.
McALLISTEU-ST. FLATS.
Nos. 1346-48-50 McAllister St.. W. of Stelner: '
lot 27x137:6 ft.; 3 magnificent new flats. 7-S-8
rooms, finished basement and attic; heavy \
beamed ceilings ln dining rooms, studded with *
numerous fancy incandescent lights; spacious .
bathrooms, tilinK 4 ft. high around entire j
, rooms; .rei'ts $160 per month.
FOLSOM-ST. INVESTMENT.
No. 24 40 FolFom st., S. of 20th; extremely 1
large lot. P0xl45 ft.; improvements, fine resi-
dence of 10 rooms and bath; substantial stable "
of 7 stalls, windmill, etc.; rented at nominal '
figure; mortgage $401)0 can remain.
WASHINGTON-ST. RESIDENCE. \
No. ."{017 Washington Et., W. of Broderick:
lot 25xl27:SVi ft.; elegant 2-story residence. 9
rooms and hath, brick foundation, high base-
ment: mortgage $."500 .ran remain.
PROBATE SALE.
Nos. 510-512 Noe Bt., S. of 18th; 2 elegant '
flats rented to flrst-class tenants at $52 50 per
mo.; sold to close the estate of George F.
Brolehlo. deceased: subject to the confirmation r
of the Superior Court.
TKHAMA-ST. INVESTMENT. I
Nos. S.'O-r.nVi Tehama st.. N.E. of 4th; 23x80
ft.; improvements, 2 flrst-class flats of 4 and 6
rooms, renting (or £>5 per month. (
PRODER1CK-ST. BUILDING LOT.
W. line of Broderick st.. 82:0 ft. S. of Eddy;
lot 27:dxlOO ft.; property positively commands
and unobstructed marine view overlooking
Golden Gate.
MISSION HOME.
No. 3773 20th St., E. of Dolores; lot 25x114
ft.; improvements consist of residence 7 rooms
and bath and high basement; patent concrete
sidewalk, bituminized street; mortgage $2000;
rented for $l<s per month. '
MISSION BUILDING SITE. '
W. line of Fair Oaks St., 100 ft. S of 25th;
lot 5Oxlir> ft.: property co situated that it
commands a magnificent view; most desirable
site for residence or fiats.
NOE-ST. BUILDING LOT.
E. line of Noe St.. 23 ft. S. of Fcrd, between
17th ar.d ISth sts.; lot 2,'xlOO ft.; desirable
building Bite in a delightful part of the Mis-
sion warm belt.
FOURTEENTH-ST. CORNER.
S.E. cor. lit'.] anil Natoma !»ts. ; lot 25x74 ft.;
Improvements, store and 2 living; rooms and flat
of 5 rooms above; rents $.10; room at rear of
lot to erect two more flats facing Natoma st.
MISSION BUSINESS INVESTMENT.
E. line of Sun Joso ave., near Guerrero and
2Sth sts.; Nos. CC': to <Jfi7»i: 2 elegant stores
and 2 fine fiatr of T> rooms and porcelain bath
each; new gas llx'ures: wooden mantels, etc.;
almost new; lot 36:SxS7:10 ft.; rents $71 per
month.
For further particulars apply
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
CSS Market st.
CALIFORNIA House Wrecking Co. pays th»
highest price fcr buildings and will wr^ck
the largest building completely within 10
days. Northwest corner Mission and Tenth
its., office and yard.
BUILD on your unimproved realty; we loan
full cost Improv. and part lot at t» per cent
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building!
$1COO— 8-ROOM house with lo^ 25x100;
Francis rt., % block from Mission cars.
D. COFFIN & CO\, :«a°. Mission st.
DO ycj wont o ni^a bathroom? Call on AHL-
BACH & MAYER, Plumbers. 830 Howard st.
LOTS. N or R tide of Golden Gate Park, pur-
chB.«ed hy W. J. OI7NN. 530 California «t.
.REAL ESTATE — Conntry— For Sale.
$10 A MONTH buys a 10-acre farml "
$200 profit per annum per acre.
Write for booklet. It's free. eO3 J st.
WRIGHT & KIMBltOUGH. Sacramento. Cal.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches] orchards,
vineyards; Inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logues cent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO 64S
Market st.
4 LOTS chf-aj) for cash. 32S B*ush i Bt.,' room
4, third floor.
WATER front lots and bargains; all tracts;
reaps, photos, etc. BELL. 417 Parrott bldg.
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'M'NTS
m:r.KEi,EV real estate.
BARGAINS — We buy." sell, exchange or build.
MURPOCK & CO.. Lorln Station, Berkeley.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BBOADWAY.
OAKI.A.VD REAL KSTATK.
ELEVATED tract of 6Vi acres within Oakland
city limits, in , direct line of city's growth,
toward Berkeley; well adapted to cutting into
lots; only' $2000 an a>re.
«, • MEADS & BELL,
1223 Broadway, Oakland.
<1FFICEH A>I> STOitKS TO LET."
GOOD space for orfices. tailor Bhop
like: also basement. 1233 Broadway, Oak-
land.
jOAKIiA.\D FPRXITURK FOR SALE.
TO- MOR ROW^^hT^TloT^argalnriin^nn^
ture. H. Sc.hellhaas. 11th gt..cor.store.Oaklani.
PKOPEKTV WANTED.
WANTED— A 5 to 8 room house. Oakland.
Berkeley, Alameda or Han Francisco, for
ea^h; owners only. Box 420, Call.
I'KO I'll SALS.
UNIVKRS1TT of California' Berkeley— Notice
to Contractors. Builders and Material Men
Notice is hereby given that sealed bids are
. solicited for performing the labor and fur-
nishing the materials for the structural steel
and Iron work of ¦ California Hall an the
grounds of the University of California it
Berkeley, Cal., and ?ald bids will be re-
ceived at the office of the Regents. South
Hall. Berkeley, at or before 12 o'clock m. of
February 10, 1004. Plans and specifications
of said structural steel and Iron work have
been adopted and may be examined dally at
office of th* Regents from 0 a. m. until 4
p m.
No bids will be considered unless accom-
panied by n certified check or bond of bidder
In favor of the Regents of the University of
California, equal to ten (10) per cent of his
bid. with sufficient sureties, conditioned that
If said bid be accepted, the bidder will diily
enter into a proper contract to faithfully
perform the duty and obligations In accord-
ance with snid bid and with the plans and
Kpeclflcatlono- which are heieby required to
be a part of such contract. The right to re-
Jrct any and all bids is hereby reserved
By order of the Committee on Grounds and
Bulldlncsi of the Board of Regents. V H
HENDERSON. Secretary. *
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal.. January 10. 1904—
Sealed proposals In triplicate will be re-
ceived a* this office until 11 n. m., Friday
January 29, J0O4. and then opened, for "Do^
Ins al! the printing, and furnishing all ma-
terial therefor, that may be required at
Henc'(|uartprs Pacific Division during tho re-
mainder cftl'.e fiscal year ending June 30
1904.'" Preference will be given to articles
of domestic production or manufacture, con-
dltlr.ns of quality and prlco (Including In the
price of foreign productions or manufacture
the duty thereon). being . equal. Thw
UniUd Stntes rererVes the right to- reject or
accept any or all proposals in whole or>ln
part Information furnl«hed on application
to underelRiie'l. Envelopes containing pro-
po^ais should be marked "Proposals fo
Printing." and addreaeed to WM. S. PAT
TEN Assistant Quartermaster General. U.
S. A., Chief Quartermaster.
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal., January 20. 1904—
Sealed proposals. In. triplicate, . will bo re-
ceived here until 11 o'clock a. m., February
20, l!)04. and- then opened for construction ot
frame kitchen and storehouse under officers 1
ward and for enclosing two verandas at the
General Hospital. Presidio of San Francisco,
Cal. Government reserves the right to reject
or accept any or all bids ln whol? or In part.
Information furnished rvn application to WM
S. PATTEN, Assistant Quartermaster Gen-
eral. Chief 0. M. _____
"'. DIVIDEND NOTICES.
THE Phccnix. Savings, Building and Loan As-
sociation. 510 California St., San Francisco,
has declared a dividend for the six months
ending December 20, 1003. at the annual rate
of 0 per cent, on general capital stock, C per
cent on term ccrtiflcatea and 4'j per gent on
savings accounts, tho latter being withdraw-
able upon the same general terms and condi-
tions as are usual with savings banks.
The Phoenix has a paid in capital of$l,-
000,000 and< a reserve fund and surplus of
$210,000. Its ' directors are: A. A. Watkins.
president: Charles R. Bishop, vice president*
8. Prentiss Smith, • treasurer; Clarence
Grange, secretary and managing director*
Gavin McNab. attorney; Charles E. Ladd and
George C. Boardman.'
SAN FRANCISCO and Suburban Homs Build-
ing Society. 8th floor. Mutual Savings Bank
building. 70S - Market st., opposite Third
For the half-year ending 31st uf December
ieO3. ; a dividend S has been declared at ths
; rate per annum of (12) twelve per cent oa
capital , stock . and participating- certificates
/free of taxes, 'payable on and after SATUR-
DAY. January 2. 1904. 'JOSEPH A. LEOX-
ARD. Manager. HUGH CRAIG, Secretary.
- ' -' . -...-"' / > ; ' 'Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
January 22.
J. Dollar... Seattle &. Tacoma.. 2 pmjPier 20
Chlco Coquille River 6 pm I Pier 2
G.Undauer Grays Harbor 5 pmlPler 10
Empire. Coos Bay direct... 10 am|Pier. 13
January 33.
N'ewburg.. Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
Elizabeth.. Coqutlle River 5 pm I Pier 20
Arctic HumbolOt I 9 am Pier '1
Redondo... Los Angeles Ports. 4 pm Pier 2
Pomona Humboldt ......... 1:30 p Pier »
Pt. Arena.. Pt. Arena & Mdcno 4 pm Pier 2
Colon N- Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
G \V Elder Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
fc'orth Fork Humboldt •• 5 pm Pier 20
Nebrasfcan I New York direct Pier 25
January 24.
jeanle Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 20
Eureka.... Humboldt .» ft am Pier 13
S Rosa San Diego & Way. !) am Pier 11
Bonita Newport & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
January 25.
Chehalls... Grays Harbor 3 pm Pier 2
A. Maru... China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
January 26.
S.Monica.. Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
laqua Humboldt W am Pier 2
Corona Humboldt l:3Op|Pler «
Coronado.. Grays Harbor 4 pm|Pier lo
Queen Puget Sound Ports. 11 am|Pier 9
San Pedro. Humboldt 4 pmjPler 2
January 28. I
Coos Bay.. San Pedro & Way. qfam Pier 11
Centennial. Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 20
Oregon.... Astoria & Portland|ll amjPier 24
Arcata Cooe B. & Pt. Orfrd|10 am|Pler 13
Porno Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pmlPler 2
State Cal.. San Diego & Way. 8 am|Pler 11
January 30.
Alliance... Eureka & Coos B. 5 pm Pier 16
Alameda... Honolulu- 11 am Pier 7
City Sydney N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
January 31. |
City PuebU Puget bound Ports. 11 am|Pier 9
February 2. I I
Korea China & Japan... •¦! 1 pm|Pler 40
I>escendant of King David.
A lineal descendant of Kins David
died in Philadelphia lately. Mrs. Gus
tav Lipschuetz was her name. She
was T>3 years of age. She could trace
her kinship to the distinguished Jew
ish family Abarbanel, whose relation
ship to King David and whose
achievements throughout Europe are
matters of history.
Mrs. Lipschuetz, whose maiden
name was Bertha Neumann, sprang
from that branch of the family of
which Don Isaac Abarbanel, Prime
Minister in Spain in 14 92, was the
head.
During that time, when persecution
against the Jews began as a result of
the change in the religious views of
Ferdinand and Isabella. Don Isaac
was * ' "ipred to flee with his less fa
vored brethren. The family scattered,
settling in various parts of Europe!
Don Isaac afterward tecame Prime
Minister in Italy.
The grandfather of the dead woman
was Rudolph Hirsch Abarbanel, one
of the forer-ost rabbis of Germany
in the last century. — New York Com-
ITKTCia".
Exports by the Pacific Liner.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's Sonoma
sailed yesterday for Sydney via Honolulu
Pago Pago and Auckland with a general mer
chandise canro valued at $213,54U, to be dis
tributed as follows: For Honolulu, $40,374-
Samoan Islands, $9039; New Zealand $73«i5l-
Australia. $80,877; South Africa, $485; 'Fiji
Islands, $120, The leading exports were as
follows:
To Honolulu — 97» pkgs fresh fruits. S3 pkgs
fresh vegetables, 270 pkgs potatoes, 120 pkgs
onions, 4485 lbs fresh meat, 578 lbs dressed
poultry, 16 pkgs frozen oyeters, 51 cs eggs, 38
ctls barley, 3:Jtj6 lbs coKee, 584 lbs dried fish
6834 lbs butter. 750 lbs lard, 17U0 lbs beans!
3C0 lbs meals, 92 cs canned goods, 81 pkgs
groceries and provisions, aOO lbs sugar, 1478
gals 31 cs wine, 20 gals brandy, 2 bbls beer
30 ca gin, 2 bbls spirits, 180 gals 20 cs whisky,
1150 Ib9 dried fruit. 1340 lbs ralsine. 5 bbls
pickled salmon. 0511 lbs smcked meat, C62 lbs
glucose. 1443 lbs candy. 10.917 lbs ii« cs manu
factured tobacco, 08 cs boots and shoes, 41
pkgs dry goods, 10 cs hat* and caps, 22 cs
drugs and sundries. 253 pkgs ship stores, 281
pkgs paper, 70 bxe soap, 18' pkgs bicycles. 10
bbls oil. 5 pkgB paints, 46 pkgs machinery, 120
bdls ehooks, 5 kegs nails, 4 pkgs agricultural
implements, 103 coils .wire, 4. bales leather
To Samoan Islands — 40 bbls flour, 595 * lbs
coffee, 621 cs 7 half bbls salmon, 09 pkgs gro
ceries and provisions, 81 cs canned goods, 525
lbs 3 cs meals, 7 pkgs potatoes, 5 bbls liquors
2 cs hops, 1872 pkgs naval utorcs. 4391 ft lum
ber, 8 pkgs tank material, I- pkg machinery 1
cs shoes, 3 bales twine, 6 plcgs bicycles, 5 c«
paints, 4 pkgs wagon material, 1 boat, 4 pkgs
dry goods, 14 pkgs drugs and sundries
To New Zealand— 15.900 lbs raisins. 47S0
lbs dried fruit, 4700 lbs codfish. 6W lbs cof
fee, 500 lbs peas, 2299 Ib* beans, 990 cs canned
goods, 2000 lbs meals, 5G0 ¦; lbs seed, 1143 cs
canned salmon. 75 half bbls 20 kits pickled sal
mon, 023 rs boots and nhoos, 142 pkgs bicycles
and sundries, IS pkgs rubber goods. 13 bales
overalls. 56 pkgs metal polish, 02 pkg« sewing
machines. 25 pkgs machinery, 40 cs paints. 250
bdls laths. 20 kegs acid, 22.963 lbs sheet lead
68 pkgs Iron wheels, 'M pkgs automobiles. 0 cs
corsets. 1 c« firearms. 3 cs filectrical supplies
To Australia— 10,450 lbs dried fruit a«0 lbs
raisins. 47,S101bs codfish. 100 cs canned sal
mon. 25 bbln 298 half bbls pickled salmon 257
ca canned goods, 6397 lbs hops, 22,500 lbs' cof
fee, 612 bxs citrus fruits, 14 eg syrup, 800 lbs
lard. 3 cs olives, 38,487 lbs bluestone. 105 kega
white lead, 63 cs paints, 6 pkgs electrical sup
plies. 76 pkgs machinery. 10 bales overalls 8
bbls 2 cs oils, 251 pkgs metal polish. Ki pkgs
drugs and sundries, S50 doors, 8 pkgs- dry
goods. 272 rolls newspaper, 4 cs leather. 41 170
lbs seed. 47 pkgs agricultural implements 0 cs
boots and shoes, 5 Bales hose, 25 pkgs rubber
goods, 20 kegs acid, 14 ca corsets, 03 pk^s bi
cycles and sundries, 27 pkgs sewing: machines
11 pkga automobiles, 301 bxs soap. ,-
To South Africa— 6666 ft lumber. 1050 lbs
dried fiuit. 4 cs canned goods. 2 cs hardware
To Fiji Islands — 40 c« caniied fruit. - - •
NEWS OF THE OCEAX.
Shipping Merchants.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
The Austrian ship Francesco Giuseppe I
now at. Port Los Angeles, was chartered prior
to arrival for lumber from Portland to Valpa
raiso for orders at 30s.
The British ship Austrasla Is chartered for
lumber from Puset Sound to Valparaiso for
orders at COs (2s Cd less direct), and not to
Australia, as before reported.
The ship Astral Is chartered for sugar from
Honolulu to New York; schooner Alert lumber
from Grays Harbor to Guaymas; schooner Se
quoia, general cargo from this port to Mazatlan
and San Bias.
Water Front Notes.
Oscar Lewis, well known in the shipping
world, called yesterday on the Sonoma for
Honolulu, where he will engage in business.
The British ship Olivebank was docked yes
terday at Union-fctreet wharf. An examina
tion made when she was on the drydock
showed her bottom to have escaped damage
from the thumping of her dismantled spars,
which went overboard when her masts carried
away. V
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company 1 ! Spo
kane, which knocked a hole In her bottom
when she struck on Humboldt bar, is being
repaired at tbe Union Iron Works.
The steamer Brooklyn, recently converted
to an oil burner, was out for several hours
yesterday testing the new apparatus. Captain
Johansson has succeeded Captain Walvi/f In
command.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
[ United . States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
REAL. ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
THURSDAY, JANUARY 21.
Addle and Domingo Ghirardelli Jr., alias
Ghiradelli Jr. to Mercedes M. Wright (wife of
John T.), iot en W line of La sura street, 164:6
N of Broadway. N 27:6 by W 107:6; ?10.
G. ar.d Madallna Migliavacca to G. Migli
avacca Investment Company, lot on N line of
Hermann street. 197 :ii E of Webster, E 25
by N 137 :«; also lot en W line of Tremont
street, 228:9 N of Frederick. N 25 by W 80:3;
also lot on SE line of Mission street, 125 NE
of Sixth, NE 23 by SE 80; also lot on NW
line of Minna street. 125 NE of Sixth, NE
25 by NW SO: also undivided 'j of lot on S
corner of Brazil and Vienna streets, SW 300
by SE 1O». lots 1 and 2, block C4, Excelsior
Homestead; 15 10.
John M. and Ella .G. Ormsby to John II.
Mcnster. lot on E line of Broderick street,
bOA N of Putter. N 24 by E 90; $10.
Frederick W. and May K. Bridge (Howard)
t.) William I!oc5»r. lot en N line of Broadway
»2:«i B of Baker, E 45 by N 137:6; $10.
Mary E. and Witllani Mooser to John F.
Merrill lot on N line of Broadway, 92:6 E
of Baker. K 45 by N 137:6; $10.
Baird Estate leorporation) to William J.
McKillop. lot on K line of Ashbury street 25
N of Waller, N 100, E 125 S 25, W 29. S 75
W 06; $10.
George W. and Helen II. Forsyth to Alex
ander C. Beede. lot on E line of Cole street.
23T> N of Frederick, N 25 by E 125: $10. |
Sherwood W. and Jennie N. Fuller to Ella
M. ilchlffs. lot on S line of Frederick «trcet.
53:1^4 IV of Tremont. W 50 by S 100; $10.
Michael G. Buckley to Catherine A. Buck
ley, undivided % of lot on S corner of Grand
avenue and Mission street, SW 2S:4 by SE 100
gift. !
Warren S and Mar*. I... Covey to Oscar Hey
man. lot en E line of Shotwt-H street, 272 N
' of L'irhteentl-., N 25 by E 122:6; $10.
Oscar Heyman to Isldcr Schwartzfeld Fame;
$1«.
Kate S Dorland to Daniel R. McNeill, lot
on NE corner of Eighteenth and Dolores
i-treets. N 227 E ICO, S 115, E 25, S 12. W
25. S 100, W 100; $10.
Ludtvig and Johanne Koenig to Charles
Manonk. lot on S line of Cumberland Btre?t,
ISO W c f Church. W 25 by S 114; $10.
A. ard Alice Leaf to James E. Lfnnon and
Albert Knowies. lot on E line of 'Walter street
IC>s N of Fourteenth, N 25 by E 125; $10.
Pacific M. n. and L. Association to John C.
Srl.rr.ldt. lot on S line of Twenty-second street,
20<> W of Sanchez. W 25 "by S 114; $550.
Regents of University of California to Savino
Ciix!H, lot on K line of Stockton street SO
N of <"nestnut, N 42 :« by E 137:6; $4750.
Lee Chnng and Chun Kin to John J. Quinn,
lot en NW corner of Clay and Dupont streets
N 57 by W «5; $10.
City and County of San Francisco to Monroe
Greenwood Estate Company, lot on SK line of
Minna street, "J25 NE ot Twenty-second. NE 00
by SE 80; $ .
Monroe Greenwood Estate Company to Henry
E. Bothin. same; $10.
Union Trust Company to Harry G. Charles,
lot on E line of Twenty-seventh avenue. ISO S
or Lake street, S 25 by B 120; $10.
William B. Herllhy to Frank H. Haneberg,
lot on SE corner cf Twenty-sixth avenue and
Clement Kreet E 32:0 by S 100; $10.
City and County of San Francisco to Charles
S. Healey. lot commencing 140 E of Twenty-
Bixth avenue and 250 S of Point Lobos avenue
E 20. S 25. W 2S N 25" $ '
Aureliue E. and Rose A. Buckingham to
Sarah Morris, lot on S line of H street 30 \V'
of Eleventh avenue. W 30 by S 100; $10
Erik H. all&s Erek H. Rasmussen to Edward
XlcGrath. lot on E line of Eighth avenue 125
S of I ttreet, S 25 by E 120; $10
George C. and Etta H. Edwards to Sarah
Michaels, lot on W line of Tenth avenue, 50 S
of O street. S 23 by W 100; $10
Joseph II. Robinson to S. Ducas Company <a
corporation, lit on SW line of Fourteenth ave
nue. 75 SF, of Q street. SK 25 by SW 100.
Work 292. O\Nell & Haley Tract- $10
Asa Richardson to William Corbin, lot on E
yjlSkSSf? *i r V' n P S of Farnsworth lane,
Pa Hie E. Richardson to same, same- $10
William and Aggie E. Corbin to Home Bulld-
In* Company (a oorpcratlon). same- $10
Continental I Building and Loan Association
to Hcott M. Tharp. same; $10.
Pacific States t-avingE. Loan and Building
Company to John WMerstrom. lots 20 and 33
block 4(>. Julius L. Franklin's subdivision or
Exrelsior Homestead: $150.
George A. Fearn to Anna J. Robinson (sin
gle), undivided half of lot 3, block 7, Excelsior
Homestead; S10. - i
Anna J. Robinson and John B. Lancia to
William and Jennie Roehr. lot on K corner of
Mission and Amazon streets. NE 152 SE 83-6
SW 140. NW 83.03, lot 3. block 7, Excelei'or
Homestead; $10.
Building Contracts.
R. D. Davin & Co. owners) with L. and E.'
Emanuei {contractors), architects Meyer &
O'Urien — Counter*, cases, shelving, class, mar-
M'\ hardware and dumbwaiters for building on
NE <-orner of Geary street and Grant' avenue,
N 122:0. E to. S 62:6. W 18:5, S 60, W 40:7;
SSUOO.
Belated Coasters Arrive.
The steam schooners Elizabeth and Chlco
arrived yesterday from the Coquille River.
Both vessels encountered strong head winds
and In thn battle against the gale exhausted
their coal and were obliged to put Into Eureka
for a fresh supply of fuel.
» -
The Overdue List.
The British bark Aldergrove, out 83 days
from Newcastle. Australia, for Caleta Buena.
was quoted for reinsurance yesterday at 10
per cent. The other overdues are: Paris, 90
per cent; Martaban, 75 per cent; Robert Rlck
mers, 15 Der cent; Loch Bredan, 00 per cent;
Shakespeare, 20 per cent; Castor and St. Mir
ren, 10 per cent.
Middle Ground Buoy Light Falls.
'rhe pilot-boat Gracio S, which came in yes
teiday. brought word of the failure of the
middle ground buoy light to burn. The mat
ter was reixjrted to the Liehthouse Depart
ment and will be attended to as soon as pos
sible.
Caught Stealing Hams.
August Carlson, who had charge of the
•smokehouse at 513 Front Ftreet for the Ham
mond Packing Company, was detected leaving
the premises early yesterday morning with
three hams in his possession. Meat in small
quantities has been missed almost daily from
the Hammond establishment and Manager E.
F. Fchrei sot up early yesterday morning,
stationed himself in a nearby doorway and
played ileuth for a coupl?' of hours. The
amateur detective was nearly frozen and
about to abandon his vigil when Carlson ap-
I>i-ared. entered the premises and emerged
later with the three hams now on file In the
Police Court as evidence of the theft. Schrel
grabbed Carlson and conducted thief and loot
to the harbor station.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
I. e. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT,
Lieutenant. U. S. N., In charge.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydographic Office. U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco. Cal.,
January 21. 1904.
TO ARRIVE.
Movements of Steamers.
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
NOTE — The* high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide is the same at both places.
FRIDAY. JANUARY 22.
Sun rises 7:22
Sun sets 5:21
Moon gets !...'...'.. . .1O:CS" p. m.
O |H Wl IL WJ |H W| |L W|
£ | 1 Ft. f 1 Ft. Ft. Ft.
? ITlmel |Time| |Time| |Timel
22 I 2:55 4.8! ">:20 2.7 2:07| 4.21 8:26 1.0
•!A I 8:24 4.9| 9:17 2.6 3:02 3.SI 9:07 1.0
24 .1:59 &.0|10:14 2.1 4:07 3.6| 9:55 1.9
25 4:38 5.1|11:18 1.7 5:25 3.4|10:47 - 2.2
2C 5:25 5.3:12:25 1.1 6:58 3.4|ll:50 2.5
27 6:lti| 5.51 1:27 O.C 3:20| 3.7|
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of th«»
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives, the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
..- SPOKEN.
Dec 2— Lat 23 S. long 27 \V. Ger bark Gustav
and Oscar, from Victoria for Newcastle. Eny.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Jan 21, 10 d m— Weather
nary; wind calm.
DOMESTIC PORTS. '
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Jan 21— Schr W F
W ltzemann, from Tacoma.
Sailed Jan -'1— Stmr Samoa, for San Fran
cisco; schr Sehome. for Port Townsend; »chr
O M KellosB. for Grays Harbor. I
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Jan 21— Br »hlp
Simla hence Dec 30. i
TACOMA— Arrived Jan 21-r-Stmr Edith, hce
,Jan 1G.
Sailed Jan 21— Stmr Edith, for San Fran
cisco; Fr bark Col de Villebois Mareull, for
United Kingdom.
PORT ANGEI.ES— Arrived Jan 21— Schr
Orient, hence Jan 0.
TATOOSH— Passed in Jan 21— Stmr Olym
pic, henco Jan IX, for Fairhaven.
Passed out Jan 21 — BriK W G Irwin, from
Roche Harbor, for San Francisco.
PORT LUDLOW— Sailed Jan 21— Br bark
Fleur de L!s. fcr South Africa.
CRESCENT CITY— Sailed Jan 20— Stmr
Mandalay, for San Francisco.
Arrived Jan 21 — Stmr Del Norte, hence 19.
REDOXDO— Arrived Jan 21— Stmr Samoa,
from San Pedro; stmr Santa Monica, hence
Jan 19; schr Azalea, from Eureka.
Sailed Jan 21 — Stmr Samoa, for San Fran
cisco.
Arrived Jan 21— Stmr Lakme, from Eureka.
Sailed Jan 21— Stmr Santa Monica, for San
Pedro. •• t
PORT TOWNSEND— Sailed Jan 21— Nor
bark Rokeby Hall, for Delacoa Bay.
GRAYS HARBOR — Sailed Jan 21— Tug
Hauntles", for San Francisco, with new itmr
Jas S Higglns in tow.
WHATCOM— Arrived Jan 21— Stmr Rainier,
from Seattle. .
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU— Sailed Jan 20— Stmr Alameda,
for San Francisco; stmr Hawaiian, for Kahu
lui.
HILO— Arrived Jan 19— Ship Falls of Clyde,
hence Jan 6
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Cleared Jan 20— Br stmr Shl
mosa, for Manila.
.Arrived Jan 21 — Fr ship Dugay Trouln,
from lquique.
FOREIGN PORTS.
COLON— Arrived Jan 19— Stmr Yucatan, fm,
New York.
Sailed Jan 19 — Stmr AUlanca. for New Tork.
FLUSHING — Passed July 19 — Br ship Port
Elsln, from Antwerp for San Francisco.
ALGOA BAY— Sailed Jan 21— Ship St David,
for Newcastle. Aus.
INDIAN POINT— Arrived prior to Jan 20—
Br stmr Mogul, from New York, for Manila.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Jan 8— Stmr Hyades,
from Tacoma.
Sailed Jan 20 — Br stmr Tydeus, for Seattle^
stmr Victoria, for Tacoma.
DOVER — Pass»d Jan 19 — Ger Btmr Neko,
from Hamburg for Callao.
ADELAIDE— Arrived Jan 20— Schr Inca,
from Port Gamble.
PANAMA— Arrived Jan 10— Stmr San Jose,
hence Dec 19. !
PERIM — Passed Jan 20 — Br Btmr Braemar,
from New York, for Manila.
NORDENHAM— Sailed Jan IS— Ger ship
Marie Hackfeld, for Honolulu. \
USHANT — Passed .fan 21— Stmr Silesia,
from San Francisco, etc, via Teneriffe, for
Hamburg. - '
HULL — Arrived Jan 20 — Fr bark Suzanne, j
hence Sept 6. I
QUEENbTOWN — Arrived Jan 21 — Fr bark :
Anne de Bretagne, hence Sept 22; Fr bark •
Brtzeux, hence Sept 20; Fr bark Marguerite i
Molinos. hence Se?t 30.
VICTORIA— Arrived Jan 21 — Br stmr Aoran
gl, from Brisbane.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Sailed Jan 21 — Stmr La Bre
tagne. for Havre.
HAVRE — Arrived Jan 21 — Stmr La Savoie,
from New York. <- .- v .
HAMBURG— Arrived Jan 21— Stmr Pennsyl- !
vania, from New York, via Plymouth and j
Cherbourg. j
ANTWERP— Arrived Jan 21— Stmr Swltzer- (
land, from Philadelphia; stmr Vaderland, from .
New York. - ¦
LONDON — Sailed Jan 21 — Stmr Mlnnehaha, ,
for New Yorl». !
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Jan 21— Stmr Ma- |
Jestic, for New Ycrk. i
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Jan 21— Stmr Canada,
for Halifax and Portland, Me; stmr Victoria, •
for Halifax. N S, and St John, N B, via :
Moville. - / ;
No. Prize, inp. . Frtwjgtia Prlz »,
CH31 i6;«iim: « >«"» -»
614S2 lb!«15.W ?i2Sl -i
din 24i»:l«.'.2 , ¦»»
»;i»»C 4O!«1737 HiSSJi m
618CS 4O;61S71 tr'SSn 1
kxai irti«zn«i .ivI^'S""" •'
62526 S0JIS551 " tK ~f^ .,''t
«2«00 12OJB27H "&££o V.
tr:MO 21'KWK .... I«tM083 *'*
tuo7i::::: i^on jssjii J s
64323 l«i»>451fi **|!"52 V
64574 24«4«» J"'**^ ?*
«Kr.W 24B3.MO "l£i?? •"
«5l;2> 2«!»Ui507 IB *551 J'
(i5»;6i ir.|ia4;ss iKjtir..- i«
(OTBfi 2416M13 40 «3**« "'
•as« 4o|b-tc::i) i«!«?279...— . i«
WSM Itiwms 1KMMM 1«
(W5O2 4UIW3O3 I«li:«fi4l» I".
C6»«.l iti|t;«:«:i >2<UM»« *"
C7044 l«!«7100 80|«7188 24
672ST. I«[«74V3 1«|«7»23 12t>
674^4 8<t«749U 16S67551 4(»
U7731 U.|«777» X0JB77S4 Jl
C7S79 24!»i7«2« NJIBTJKJfi -J
«sac; «o|r«si2i i«i»»:K5 i«
6S445 S0!eS52:» 24;»iS742 1'i
«87»» S0|KS875 S*i€S908 11
69i9i s0i«»25o 40!«wru) 4i>
»BM571 4«:!fi9«;7^ 4O;«)7UO 2*
C9757 16| .
W'O:; 40I7W21 40(704. t> IB
705J3 24170745 2»)70793 24
7(«S7S it.^OSKW 2470O4S to
7095.J iei71(K4 2»17lO57 1«
7119T. 4OI712SS 1«|715.H7 •'•
71547 L'4i71«28. Irti71742 Ui
71774 SO|717S5 16:71*4:; • Hi
7200O J0I7209* l«!7214t 2»
722S0 1B722U2 2H72263 9»>
723.11 l«|72aRO l«|72407 4O
72432 40J72380 16172M4 21
72790..... l«|7301fi 16(71121 1«
7r5i:«"» 2i!7:niit rrT.zur. »«
7.TT.79 4O173570 2417.-.W9 4i>
7372.8 .' 1RI73&11 24 i 73897 I'l
74C28 2li"4O*S 24|74t7» 24
74104 1KI74494 1617470:: Ifi
74758 16 ! 74S38 24 74868 lrt
7Kfl27 l«750»2T 12Oi75O7O IK
73040 24:7505:; SOJ73G7.1 It;
75723 1CI75730 16737S3 11
75S44 Hn\
7W)10 40176022 40i7C100 21
7B171 40,7«202 2417R279 1H
76422 18176474 2t:78641 Sll
76042 24|7fi«84 l« ! 767i»l 1«
"fi079 24|77142 16 77l4i> lrt
77185 24177193 1677219 lrt
77460 4Oi776*l I«i77719 40
77770 12O;77781 K(V77St» 2t
"»136 40J7S171 40'7S217 24
7*455 Sn|7»407 2t|7S5«s ir
7M51O KOI7S7SH 400|7SS27 St»
7S»32 24I7JKB7 24i79075 IB
7!>1»7 20ni)j7921* 407921S IB
7&4.V5 80 79633 S0(79«34 J>O
7»»;s:: 4i>!7as20 i«'79n7s is
WjOCj 4<>.S02O» l«'S0262 1«
W««7 24;S0S7l 8018057.". 24
S0640 161*0763 40i*07SO Iff
R<1)72 1« 80901 24 S1192 4ft
81227 248144S 1«;S1534 4O
81337 1681605 24J81674 1H
81700 1)1,81961 1682131 2*
82178 24 '8229R 16J82517 4«>
82750 10182768 1P.:82H46 Id
82S70 4(i;K2a'M) 40J83292 4f>
83:527 24 83.178 1«'834«> 18
S3CS2 16183714 80JS.1778 4I>
83X.0 40184249 ltik428O...... 1ft
9-*2S7 8i>S4293 2484339 80
84.171 24J84387 16;«H419 2*
84321 lfi'*4S2tt 801.S4724 Srt
84830 401M4S09 4O:S1D2C....'. l<t
S4DSO..... 24i85171 16S.'.227 1«
8-Vi # !6 16 '85337 16185341 ]ft
83439 lR'S.VVSo 2485490 24
&5391 40 836C6 24jS5«i2t3 40
S5B35 16!83«iO9 40185721 24
§5723 1C;83S45 16 85S96 40
85916 1BS5095 24*t5046 IR
SB190 4C:SC264 80!«6270 "t
SC337 80186483 l*S65e: 2t
86CC8 2«j86«93 248K8fiO i«
87171 8O|S72SO 1«;.S72SS 40
87205 24J875.12 1687500 IB
87.48 1«I87853 18J8S0I4 1«
8S079 lC;Sj>«X)e 2I!S814O IB
883.11 24W8333 24I8835H 40
88516 16:SS6O1 8Ol8SeKti;m 1«
S8«8S 40I.S&806 ir,|.S882S SO
88834 80188851 4Oj88»24 IB
1«>:S8£W)8 24.Wf)«> lfi
8!X)00 1F4S92S4 4OiR92TW i«
««« i«;sj«24 ptitewr.../. zt
I6;8»7ii 1S|S8S2O so
S5 y ' >s 2430057 l»5!OO157 4<>
»°1»7 1B!9O.126 1«19OR38 . 2t
9«JK1 40904W so niftO si»
0J032 24 0107D 24.91ftsi; *t
*}*1* 24!»1307 40,91737;!!!! IK
Iml".::: l«i 918W "T™ ls
»2«10 16,'021C- 1R92185 4(>
?22"> 241K23D2 80 924.1S in
»2.65 1B92SI5 24 92SWSO . J.;
»2fl<n 24'ai200 1«|93371 lrt
034-0 18'ff{»»4 40 91870 .... in
5S22 lf.itt.W28 ir.:ft191T 4«i
93936 40 940C9 8OI940O1 lfi
»*«* lOifllUl 16'94.T.;4 8«>
9t-1«8 80.94::S3 IB 94537 ... 4i»
94620 4OlfM(V7.-,. . 24I3471" 4rt
M775 169JS12 24:fMD75.' '.'.'.I IK
&S2S1 40IW54.T5 1«!954«2 . . - (
»34S5 24'954S.S : 4O[n3493 1*
95300 2495501 1693510.. .. IP.
85530 2*93638 I2o:9Rt»7. ... 18
»59€5 40!9t!3O2 16'9ffiS5. . . .. S<>
9CS40 2 » 96953 16 96969 •*.%
96995 24 37047 4097213 lfi
97299 16.97:K7 24 0740fi 1«
975H3 16197SS3 1R;97«»>O 24
97714 24!97S9B 40'979.U» if,
&8049 24'98193 16:984C.8 .... 1«
88-112 lCr>S4C9 , 2498321 .... IB
E8757 40198847 40198884 24
C9126 24^99142 2199227 ... "t
89C78 24I93S08 40I99S21 40
93929 16;99940 IK 9H9-MJ 4O
The first meeting of the newly elect
ed board of managers of the Califor
nia Society of the Sons of the Ameri
can Revolution was held last evening
at 411 }£ California street. The pres
ident, Colonel A. D. Cutler, was in
the chair. It was decided that the
association should give the following
dinners during this year: A formal
dinner to which ladies are to be in
vited on April 19: a formal dinner for
men only on October 19, and smok
ers, or informal dinners, on April 22,
June 17, September 3 and December
1C. The projected benefit entertain
ment to raise funds for the erection of
a sailors' clubhouse at Vallejo was In
dorsed.
Favors Sailors' Clubhouse.
Captain P. H. Going: of the Nippon
Maru was arrested yesterday by Unit
ed States Marshal Shine on an indict
ment ch^.jingr him with having al
lowed a Chinese passenger to escape
from the steamer in 1900. Captain
Going was indicted by the Federal
Grand Jury on October 31 of last
year,' since which time he has made a
few trips to China and return. He
gave $1000 ball yesterday and was
released.
Captain Going Stopped.
Steamer. For. ' Sails.
Valencia Skagway & Way Ports. Jan. 22
Dolphin. Skagway & Way Ports. Jan. 24
Cottage City. Skagway & Way Ports. Jan. 20
Excelsior Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. j Feb. 1
J Dollar Valdez & Way Ports. .|Feb. Z
Following are the capital prizes as decided
by the Honduras National Co. Saturday, Jan
uary 16. 1004: No. 46232 wins $7500. said In
San FranciKco. Cal.: No. 49713 wins $2000.
sold In San Francisco. Cal.; No. 53322 wins
$1000, sold in San Francisco. Cal.: No. 79197
wins $5C0, sold in Oakland, Cal.: No. 23601
wins j'250. sold in « San Francisco, Cal.: No.
53112 wins $250. sold In Los Angeles, Cal.
This comsany Daid to D. A. Gellatly, Tay
lor. Shasta Co.. Cal., $3750 for one-half ticket
No. 10114. dated Dec. 24, 1903: to Frank
Okada, 315 Mascn St.. San Francisco, $125u
for one-half ticket No. 6171ft. same date: to
S. L. Beary for A. Kawanmura. Portland, Or.,
$625 for one-half ticket No. 1416, same date.
AH prizes of this company are paid in full
immediately on presentation at the office 01
the company in San Francisco.
$10,000 reward will be paid to any person
who has "ever presented one of our prizes at
our office and was refused payment, •
To the Public:: Beware or Counterfeits:::
All genuine tickets of this company have ini
tials R. G. Co. on faces and monogram R. O.
C. on backs thereof.
ORGANIZED MAT, 1900
The Louisiana Company of San Fran
cisco.
SAILED.
Thursday, January. 21. •
Strr.r MejjKie. Corninc. Halfmoon Bay.
Stmr State of California, Thomas. San Diego.
" Stmr Arcata, Nelson, Coos Bay.
Stmr Umatilla. Patterson, Victoria.
Stmr Centralla,' Ericsson, ; Redondo.
Stmr Prentiss. Ahlstrom, Redondo.
' Stmr Montara, , Rellly, Ladysmith.
Simr Leelanaw. Monroe, Tacoma. .-''
Stmr Sonoma, . Herriman, Honolulu and Syd
ney. . ¦
Stmr Santa Barbara, Xaddart. San Pedro.
Ptmr Rival, McClementn. Wlllapa Harbor.
Stmr Newsboy. Adler. Eureka.. '
, Stmr Whltesboro, Netzer, Point Arena.
Stmr Porno. \Vlnk?l, Point Arena. .
Ger. stmr Mera, Carstens. Victoria and Se
attle. , ,
Ger ship Alsterdaram, Cords, : Sydney.
Ger . shin Alsterschwan, Erdmann. , Mollendo.
' Schr Mary, Etta. Nyman. Siuslaw River.
Schr Binder Bros, . Barlund. Siuslaw River.
Schr Mary; C, Campbell, Bodega,
Schr Repeat, Wilson, Aitorla- •
CLEARED.
Thursday. January 21.
. Stmr Sonoma. Herriman, Honolulu and Syd
ney; J D Snrfckela & Bros Co.
Stmr Montara, Rellly, Ladysmith; Pacific
Cojft Steamship. Co.
Btmr Umatilla, Patterson, Victoria and Pu
get Sound ports: Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
- Ger Ptmr Mera, Carstens, Hamburg, via Se
attle and Victoria: J D Spreckels & Bros Co.-
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
• ~; Thursday, January 21.
Stmr North Fork, Nelson, 24 hours from
Eureka.
Stmr Ccntralla. Ericsson. 67 hours from
Grays Harbor, bound to Redondo; put in to
land passengers.
fcitmr Point Arena, Miller, 14 hours from
MenOocino, via Point Arena 10 hours.
Stmr Scotia, Johnson, 11 hours from Bowens
Larding.
Stmr Pomona. Swanson. 18 hours fm Eureka.
. Stmr Greenwood, Thompson, 14 hours from
Albion. ? _ -•
Stmr Prentiss. Ahlstroni.' 70 hours from Port
land, via 'Astoria 70 hours, bound for Redondo;
put in to land pa»<sengers.
Stmr Arctic, Nelson, 22 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Alliance, Uardwlck, 14 days from Port
land, 3 days from Coos Bay, 22 hours from
Eureka.
S'.mr Aurella, Erickson. 116 hours from
Portland, via Astoria. C9 hours.
Stmr N>wbursr, AnOndsen, 73 hours from
Grays Harbor.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, 41 hours from
San Dieco.
Stmr Chico, Martin. 5 days 6 hours from
Coquille River, via Eureka 30 hours.
Stmr Elizabeth. Jensen, C days from Ban
don, via Eureka 24 hours*
Stmr Maggie, Corning. 4 hours from Half
moon Bay.
Kchr Philippine. Fredericksen, 15 days from
Tacoma.
Schr Bella, Lazzarevich, C days from Co
quill? River.
Schr Ida A. Campbell, 5 hours from Point
Reyes.
Schr Glendale, Lunvaidt, 5 days from As
toria. .
$2000 FOR $2. BEING WHOLE OF FOURTH
CAPITAL PRIZE.
James J. Harrington, who resides at 96 EI-
Jery street in the city of Cambridge, county of
Middtesex. State of Massachusetts, being duly
eworn. deposes and says that he was the bona
fide holder of a whole ticket. No. 37587. in Uie
Honduras Lottery (LouUana State Lottery
Company), which number drew the fourth cap
ital prize of $2000 in the drawing held at
Puerto Cortex. Honduras. C. A., December 1^
1903. and that he received the money in full
on presentation of the ticket.
(Signed) JAMES J. HARRIXGTQX.
Sworn to and subscribed befors me this Slst
day of December. 19«t{.
ALBERT GARqEAU. Notary Public.
$3750 FOR 25 CENTS— ONK-KIGHTH OF
FIRST CAPITAL PRIZE.
State of Illinois. County of Cook— Henry
Rowe of 1020 Armltage avenue, city of Chi
cago, county of Cook. State of Illinois, being
duly sworn derwses and «ays that he |» the
lawful and bona fide holder of one-eiclit>\
ticket No. eOOtO. which number drew the first
capital prize of $.TO.OCO in the drawing of the
Honduras National Lottery Company (Louisi
ana State Lottery Company), held at P-J^rto
Cortex. Honduras, C. A.. December 12, HKK
and thfft he hereby acknowledges the payment
of said prize In full upon surrender of ticket
(Signed) HENRY ROK.
Subscribed and sworn to before mo this Ulst
day of December. 10»K.
MRS. KATHRTN GRAHAM. Notary Public.
$20C0 FOR $1. BEING ONE-HALF OF
THIRD CAPITAL PRIZE.
State of Missouri. City of St. Louis — William
H. Rothschllu deposes and says that he re
sides at 4«5CS Washington boulevard, in city of
St. Louis. Ho., and that he la the bona fide
owner o* one-half ticket Xo. CS508 of th«
Honduras National Lottery Company, which in
the drawing held en Saturday. December 1"
19C3. »t Puerto Cortes. Honduras. C. A drew
thf third capital prize of SUCO..
(Signed) W. H. ROTHSCHILD.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 2^d
day of December. lf»03.
l. d. 1MM5XU Notary PnkU*
I, Joseph Dauber, residing at 82 Brighton
street, Boston, Mass., do on my oath depose
and say that I am the rightful owner and pos
sessor of one-eighth ticket Xo. 6C940, cla.«»
M, which drew the first capital prize of $S0.00O
Jn the drawing of the Honduras National Lot
tery Company, which • -was held on Saturday,
December 12. 19C3. at Puerto Cortex. Honduras.
C. A., and the amount of prize. $3750. wa*
paid to me in full without discount or charge
of any nature upon presentation of the ticket."
(Signed) JOSEPH DAUBER.
Sworn and subscribed to before me at Bos
ton Mass.. December 24. 1MX1.
MORRIS SILVERSTrNE, Notary Public.
$3750 FOR 25 CENTS — ONE- EIGHTH OS"
FIRST CAPITAL PRIZE.
I solemnly swear that I am the bona Ada
owner and holder of one-half ticket No. 60040
of the Honduras National j Lottery Company
(Louisiana, State Lottery Company), which
drew the first capital prize of $30,000 at th*
drawing held at Puerto Cortex. C. A., j}tur
day, December 12, 1903, and I have reVlved
the money in full.
(Signed) JOSEPH KATZENBERGER.
"Witresn, W. Katzenberger.
Sworn and subscribed to in my presence.
December 22. 19C3.
* JNO. C. D. HAOEMAN. Notary Public.
$15,000 FOR $1— HALF OF FIRST CAP1TAI.
PRIZE.
Township of Xorth Bergen. N. J.
December 22. 1903.
The subscriber having supervised the. stag!*
number drawing class "A." Honduras National
Lottery Company, hereby certifies that the
above are the numbers which were thia day
drawn from the 100,000 placed in the wheel
with the prizes corresponding to them.
Witness my hand at Puerto Cortes. Hon.
duras. C. A., this Saturday. January 16, 1904.
TV. S. CARELL, Commissioner.
909 numbers ending with 32. being the two
last figures of the number drawing tbe capital
prize of S30.CC0— $3. 089 numbers ending with
13. being the two last figures of the number
drawing the second capital prize of $8000 — $&
ICO numbers from 46182 to 46232 Inclusive.
teSng SO numbers on each side of the number
drawing the capital prize of $30,000— $40. ino
numbers from 49Cf.i to 40763 inclusive, being .V>
numbers on each side of the number drawlnic
the capital prize of ?8000— $24. I0O number*
from 5.1272 to 53372 inclusive, being 50 numbers
on each side of the number drawing the capi
tal priza of. $4000— pi 6.
TERMINAL PRIZES.
APPROXIMATION PRIZES
The smallest thoughts are sometimes
expressed in the largest words.
CARRYING MANY PASSENGERS, LINER
SONOMA SAILS FOR THE ANTIPODES
NUMBERS
OF THE
Honduras National Lottery Co.
(LOUISIANA STATE LOTTERY).
Single Number Class "A," Drawn at
Puerto Cortcz, Honduras, C. A.,
Saturday, January 16, 1901.
Xo. Prize. !No. Priie.lNo. Prise.
189 16i 326 40| 4S3 24
4SM 161 507 1C| W» 1«
TS1 24| 900 1«! WiH 1«
1005 24| 1112 1«| 118T 40
1201..:.. ltil 1:569 161 1443 16
14TX 40! 15M 16| 1610 24
1611 l(j| HB!7 Hit lffJS 40
17110 24| 1761 S0| 1S1S5 24
li>94 10| 1U7O .' 161 15*73 24
l'0«4 24| 2091 16| 2255 lti
230ft 24| 2331 24| 2361 24
24(»5 Hi! 1'524 24| 2573 1«
2826 1«| 2707 2*| 2751 16
2S40 1«{ 287t» 1«| 2!>t» 1«
aoas 40 aoa; 241 son *<>
3156 16 31S7 161 3223 40
3401 ¦ 24! S496 S0| 3620 1«
3713 40( 3836 16| 4063 IB
4OS4 16j 4120 40! 4131 24
4555 1614043 8014710 40
4717 W» 4775 1614*52 16
4919 SO 4963 24 1 6018 16;
5211 16 5244 «0| 540B 1« j
5424 1«| 5529 80| 5712 24 ,
5815 24] CSS 1 40151)81 16 j
61.K) 16 €231 24[ 6258 24 !
6421 16 6650 2416704 !«
6S22 80 6S2S 161632T. 1«
70H2 21 7125 16! 7101 1«
7372 24 7422 16 7473 1«
7470 16 7520 24 \ 7608 1«
7624 16 7606 1«| 77US 4J
7S45 161 7853 24 8167. 16
8336 40 S346 16! 8412 40
S425 16 84.TS 241 8441 24
8476 40 M82 40(8517 40
8720 24 8832 24| 8888 1« '
S935 24 U10S 24! 9227 40
9236 40 9268 16| 9.J16 400
0501 1« 0512 401 95.T9 24
;>381 24 0638 120i 9S00 80
10015 16 KXJ46 40«10OaS 40
10108 2110154 16110171 24
10371 24|lrt»& 4OJ10431...... 24
10523 16|10«i29 40110682 24
1WS3 24!10f»3 120,10716 16
10719 24ilOS64 40110071 1«
11096 24|in»l 40111238 1»
112S0 24 11234 24)11368 4t>
11483 400 11587 24111625 24
11721..... 16 11866 16I102S 1«
12020 8O|1217O I«il2.*589 16
12465 16I124S5 2»|125OCI 1*
12621 24|1265« 24 J 12837 40
1295)6 1613002 2411.1122 21
13264 80>l?293 1C! 13321 2»
13365 l«!13408 24|13631 16
13857 ; 24]14OOO 24*14135 l«
14302 24I144S0 24114513 120
14618 8011463-1 401i464« 24
14700 16 14744 16114838 24
15017 24 15153 Hi 15102 16
15252 16 15504 16il55t« 120
15519 16 16628 161576S 24
15771 2415776 16:15855 24
15029 16J15958 24115960 4O
15995 £0 16088 16J16191 40
16272 40'lC201 24116306 40
16502 40(16537 4011696S 24
17079 24117127 40,17230 16
17390 ", 16174S6...':. 16117507 24
17664 8011767s 24117798 40
17914 40;17947 8O'l7949 ltf
17064 2417978 16US19S 80
1823S 16118370 16HS420 16
18589 24| |
18794 16 18819 ; 24HSS54 16
IS905 80 1S015 120|l8922 16
18960 16 18975 4o!l9023 SO
19048 16 19162 40119217 24
l»406 24 10460 16 194S4 24
19575 16 19038 1<;I1O748 80
lft'ftO 80|l»8H 24,20023 24
20065 80(20198 24 20203 16
20291 24 20310 16f20341 4C0
20477 16 20635 16'20731 16
20821 16)20908 1(1 20913 40
20047 4020976 40 20984 2*
20096 16|21031 24121048 16
21075 24 21231 S0&1252 16
21277 40(21382 24 21459 40
21597 16I216T.0 16I21707 40
21725 24121832 24|2l!)26 16
21933 4021037 120122078 80
22083 16I220S5 4CJ22C98 40
22396 16122417 84122533 16
22535 16 22587 40122765 40
23201 40123225 16J23410 IS
23601 1000;2."itJ59 24i23K93 16
23967 40123973 120 24061 16
24133 16124192 120|24680 16
24741 16J24771 40124S06 24
24832...... 24 24961 £i 124987 16
24989 16 25139 24125253 16'
253K0 24 25437 16'254S5 24 '
25521 16 23722 16|25S94 24'
26023 24 2U070 24!26145 16.
26271:.... S02&T04 1C72K437 SO
26546 16 2655S 24f2665S 16]
26695 40 26697 40 26718 16 |
26720 24 26830 80 26856 SO I
26004 16 269S0 24'27006 24
27018 16 27021 4027353 • 1«
27354 16 27479 16J27C23 40
2705:: 24127676 16127792 24
27871 8012SC22 21128121 24
28457 lt:;2S5«0 16i2S6O4 40
2S637 80*28672 40|289O7 16
28044..'... 40128999 1620C51 16
29055 24121)175 4029179 24
29308 40;2943S SO 29503 24
29602 24i29«57 80|29607 80
29700 16I20S34 16*20830 24
00242 1HI3O4CO S0:;C647. ... 24
30573 4030613 40)30833 It*
30816 1C,::OO59 S03C9S2 16
31003 24131012 16(31069 40
31190 16 31314! 24131503 16
31040 24131677 1631731 40
31819 16I32C35 40'3233J> 16
32504 12032578 16J32703 16
C274S . 16'33G32 24!33380 16
33608 16I33C24 8033813 24
33877 16J341CS 24134156 16
34348 1634413 16I34450 16
R4642 16 34750 16134810 16
34971 16 349.86 4035307 24
55523 16 35602 24!35S99 18
3G949 16j3."y50 24136014 24
36050 80:3620S...... 16 36214 16:
36295 24136391 40J365C5 24
36654 16i3»J676 16!3«792 16
30S16 120|36S34 16|36y62 24
37007 40I37C68 16137094 . . 40
87133 16'37391 16'37463 16
."."5S9 241.37502 40I37R08 40
l!7935..... 2437994 16i;i8331 16
38365.. .. lfibjun- 40I3S455 10
38619 16J38699 16i3SS31 24
39029 16|39174 16;3025C 24
39320 24130324 80139455 40
39450 J2OI.'MX>74 16!39008 16
C9627 16I306S2 1201
40133 24140177 40|40193 24
40199..... 24140284 40!4O474 40
40C07. 80 40630 24'40O7 16
40S24 24 4OS75 H:!40!)Ot> m
4(»G.S "24 41043 40Ul060 24
41079 24 41224 24141471 80 I
41510 24 41739 80)41790 16
41760 120 41915 80J41920 21
41O4S 10 41051 16|42Co6 16
42083 16 42153 S0|42154 40
42307 16 42406 24 42412 24
42524 40 42573 16 42683.:... 24
42722 10 42802 16 42803 24
42839 40 42870 40 42807 16
42920 40 43145 16 43 Its 21
43191 40 43215 " 16 43304: .... 24
43328..;*.. 16 43559 16 43832 16
43S82 24 439O1 24 43»S» 21
441CO 40 44200 24 4-4214 2»
44324. 24 44576 16 44800 24
44808 16 4483S 40 44083 24
45«« 16 45113 SO 45480 40
45511 16 45500 16|45670 16
45760 24 45856 24J45S.S7 24
46137 24 46151 80|46200 24
4622S 2446232, 3000OI46423 16
4C474 24 46514 16 40552 1«
46580 16 46664 16 46864 16
4C015 -16 47056.... . 40 47001 80
47255 40 47260 120 47352 16
47405 16 47740..... 4 a 47862 24
48014 16 48086 2148108. 16
4S247 40 48404 16148574 IK
4SK93 24 48012 24 48022 16
48051 * 16 48980 24 40220 2*
49242 1C 49.105 80 40359 40
49448 16 40440 16 40541 49
49705 24 49713 8000 49753 eO
41)935 40 4004!) 24 50058. . . . . 24
5C059 16 50238 16J5M73 24
503S6 1650404 16;5O477 l«
50550 16 50702 16 50742 40
50850 16 50885 80|50S"M SO
509.81 40 51C04 ]8(5123S 40
51464 24 514S9 16151536 40
515C5 16 51572 24|51(S55 lrt
519C9 40 520»r_\ . . . . 16152115 16
52132. 24 52295 16 52318 1«
5234S 16 52:60 l«|52407 4i)
52408 16 52505 16152506 16
52521 ..... 16 526«0 16(32752 40
52764 24 52017 40153246 16
53322 4000 5331>r> 40 53437 Iti
53475 -4O|536!U 24 S3O13 16
53044 1654065 16|54278 16
54280..... 1« 81354 40|54411 16
54r-5«..... 16 54634 16|5463S 12O
5475o 40 54936 80 55000 40
55233 24i552O3 16 55344 16
55458 • 24 56056 16 56127 24
50132..... 1«5«237 40 5«2«4 lrt
R64G2...... 24 56508 16 567*4. .-... IK
56810 16 56810 120 56051 10
57113 1657129..... 40 57130 24
57280 24 57204 4015731ft 16
57360..... lti|57:«M 24 57413 24
57445 . 16 575SI 1CI57610 24
57633 40| • I
57640 16157652..*. 24)57763 16
87811..... 16|57810 SCI57035 IK
BS101 120I58U2 100O;58143 16
58178..... 24|5S1S5 24J5S43S 40
58465..... 16 58467. 16 58504 8O
58513..... 16 08522 24 5S720 16
5S815..... 16 5M053..... 40 5012:: 16
59133 16 59144..... 241502C2 . 24
59227 H.I59455..... 40150526 40
50639 2»i50«M 16 50721 40
M>774 40150800..... 24|50S48 Hi
58870 16J50937 40 60012 . 16
60058..... 16160310 24 60K02 16
6O44G 16|60743. 40 60747..... 12»»
eO831 16jWW«>9 1« 6CS73 16
60803..... 40ie0940..... 24
60860..... 16|ftf)873..... IS 60040..... 24
60973..... iOlt'JO'jU..... 21 61074 12A
PATENT APPLIED FOR.
The annual meeting of the stock
holders of the Oceanic Steamship
Company was held yesterday. John D.
Spreckels submitted an annual report
showing the company had received,
during the year just closed, $2,033,243 32,
and that the expenses amounted to
$2,262,173 11, the excess of expenses
above receipts being $228,929 88. The
net loss on the operations of the year
was $234,672 01, as against a net loss
for the preceding year of $349,303 72. Mr.
Spreckels also reported as follows:
"In our last annual report reference
was made to the drought in Australia,
which had seriously affected the busi
ness of all steamship lines having ter
minals in that country. We are pleased
to state the country is now rapidly re
covering from this misfortune, but in
the meantime the result has been an
unsettled condition of business during
the past year, incidental thereto. Not
withstanding this fact our service in
the colonies has resulted in a slight
gain for this year in the operation of
the steamers Sierra, Sonoma and Ven
tura.
"The Tahiti branch may be consid
ered very satisfactory, resulting in a
profit for the year of $8309 as against a
loss for 1902 of $19,27r> 38; due in a
measure to increased business, but
more particularly to the decreased cost
of cperation by reason of the install
ation of oil.
"The same may be said of our direct
Honolulu service, which also makes a
vtry satisfactory showing as a result
of the oil-burning equipment of the
steamship Alameda, a saving of $53,
001 14 in fuel and wages having been
effected in the sixteen voyages per
formed during the year.
"We are pleased to report that the
New Zealand Government has renewed
its contract for the conveyance of mails
between New Zealand and San Fran
cisco, this time for a period of three
years from November last, upon same
terms and conditions. Heretofore we
have operated under a yearly contract.
"The company's fleet and property
have been maintained at a high stand
ard of efficiency during the year, and
with the return to normal conditions in
Australia we may justly expect to see
the company placed on a far more fa
vorable footing. We have, therefore,
every reason to feel that the result of
operations for 1904 will offer a much
different and more favorable showing."
The following board of directors was
elected: Claus Spreckels, John .D.
Spreckels, Adolph Spreckels, Frederick
Tillmann Jr., E. F. Preston, H. E.
Bothin and W. D. K. Gibson.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's
liner Sonoma, Captain C. F. Herriman.
crowded with passengers and carrying
about 2000 tons of general cargo, sailed
yesterday afternoon for Honolulu and
the Antipodes. The wharf was crowded
with friends of the departing travelers
and to the usual good-by chorus was
added the singing of Salvationists who
assembled on the dock to do honor to
some officers of the army bound for
Honolulu.
The last load of mail reached the
wharf a few minutes late, but strong
men hurried it on board the liner and
the detention beyond the scheduled
sailing time was brief. Among the So
noma's passengers were many promi
nent people, and those going to Hono
lulu included some well known in local
social circles.
The Sonoma's passengers included the
following named:
For Honolulu-Mrs. J. Berry. MlM^CUlM
I>rry MIfs Psyche Berry. George Bucklin an«l
servant? Mrs. C. T. Cachot J. 8. <£"«°g>fl!-
Carson. Mrs. W. K. Clark. W. A. Rowley.
Dr. W. II. I>avis, W. B. Ferguson Mrs.
Ferpvinn. Archie U. Gag*. Rev .1. 3. o °*f"
land. Dr. N. A. Goodwin, G. A. Haereman. R.
Hillen, K. F. Hobbs, H. J. Johnston. O.
c. Lewis B. T. McCullouBh. K. J. McLaugh
lln. F. H. lloore, K. W. Osborn. Mrs. Os
horn. Mi*. K. C. Palmer. Mrs. C C. Per
kiiiB. H. S. Rand, Mrs. Kand aJid child. Mrs.
G B. Bobertson. M. Rosenberg. Mrs. Rosen
berg. II A. Russell, Miss M. Ryan, P. Schnei
der, Mrs. E. Shearer. Miss Sherfy, F. M.
Smith Mrs. J. Li Stack, Miss Taft. Mrs. IX
U. Worthinaton and Master WorthtnKton.
Pago 1'aco— A. Tod.l Felix, Mies Helen
Mead and W. S. ReddinKton.
Auckland— G. H. I-ambson and F. \Ynite-
e Sydney— C. C. Blackburn, C. F. Blandln,
Mrs H."P. Coclll. Rev. John Alexander Dowie,
W. J C. Elliott, J. S. Excell. William Fran
ren. Miffi R. I-lvlneston, A. W. Newcomb.
W A. Peairs. Mrs. Peairs and child. C. A.
I'eer. Mrs. Ada Rosenthal. Miss Sawers,
George W. Sill, Mrs. M. SinKleton and child,
C. T. Rte.in. C. Carlisle Taylor, Mrs. Taylor,
Earnest Williams and Marcus WUse.
Australia Is liapidly Recovering
"From Drought— Normal Con
ditions Promise Good Showing
DIRECTORS ARE ELECTED
Last Truckload of Australian Mail Reaches the Wharf a Little Late,
but Strong Arms Hustle It on Board With Great Expedition and
the Big Steamship Starts Her Long Voyage Almost on Schedule Time
Annual Meeting of Stockhold
ers of Oceanic Steamship Co.
Takes Place for Business
YEAR'S REPORT
IS SUBMITTED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 22, 1904.
TO SAIL.
Steamer. From. I Due.
G. Dollar San Pedro I Jan. 22
Jeanle Seattle & Tacoma Jan. 22
Eureka Humboldt Jan. 22
Queen Puget Sound Ports Jan. 22
San Pedro Grays Harbor Jan. 22
Atholl China & Japan [Jan. 23
Iaqua.; Humboldt |Jan. 2:i
Kedondo Humboldt (Jan. 23
Korea China & Japan j.Ian. "'¦'•
Del Norte .... Crescent City ! Jan- -*
Corona Humboldt J a "- -*
Centennial.... Seattle & Tacoma Jan. 24
Kdith Tacoma Jan. 25
Chehalls San Pedro. Jan. 25
State of Cal... San Diego & Way Pts. Jan. 25
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Ports Jan. 25
Orrpon Portland & Astoria ..... Jan. 25
Coronado San Pedro Jan. 26
S. Monica San Pedro Jan. 20
Arcata Ccos Bay & Pt. Orford. Jan. 26
Porno Point Arena & Albion. Jan. 20
Alameda Honolulu Jan. 26
City Puebla...j Puget Sound Ports Jan. 27
Newport I New York via Panama. Jan. 27
Pomona I Humboldt [Jan. 27
Point Arena... Mendocino & Pt. Arena. |Jan. 28
North Fork... i Humbcldt Jan. 28
Rainier Seattle & Whatcom |Jan. 28
Curacao Mexican Ports |Jan. 29
Bonita Newport & Way Ports.! Jan. 29
Gaelic China & Japan I Jan. 30
G. W. Elder... Portland & Afitoria (Jan. aO
J. Dollar Seattle & Tacoma I Jan. 31
Czarina Coos Bay I Jan. 27
Xlmatilla iPuget Sound Ports IFeb. 1
Ventura ISydney & Way Ports. |Feb. 1
FROM SEATTLE
14
FREE TO
WANT ADVERTISERS
IN"
NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL.
I>c Witt's Guide t- San Fran-
ci*ro. Street Car Lines. Ifotels-
no.-trdfn?. JIcx>mins and Apart-
ment Houses, etc., etc., together
with an up-to-date indexed
map of tiic city.
BRING YOUIt WANT ADS
TO TliK CALTj.
| DO YOU |i
§ WANT SOMETHING? £
« In the Want Ad. Columns To- S
g Day you will find inquiry about: &
5 Male Halp Wanted. J?
j5 Situations Wanted. o 1
O; Female Help Wanted. «
g Amenta Wanted. g
g Money Wanted. - S
o Money to Loan. O
§ Pnrnitnre for Sale, -S
ft Housekeeping 1 Booms to Iict. jq,
O Furnished Booms to Let. i$
§ Furnished Kooms for Sale. 3
FurniBlied Honiei lor Bent. W
yi'-' Pnmished Houses for Sale. o
9 Beal Estate, Etc., Etc, Etc S
8 Call Readers will find something X
6 of interest in the Want Ad. Col- «
O umns. w
rt These little Ads. will not only «
'ri prove : of interest to" those out of »
8 work, but to those desiring to 1m- X
q • prove their condition as well. 'S
DEATH NOTICES.
Continued From Pasrc Thirteen.
r< l!:e caVk-ta <f J. C O'Connor & Co., TC7
Mission Ftiwt. between Third «nd Fourth.
ZMlA.Kli—li: ihls city. January lit. i'J04, John
fbna*, beloved husband <>f Jaiswm c
Miller, ton tf Gforg- M. Miller, and brother
¦¦f Mi«-. Uenrjr M.-.hlman. Mrs. Frederick
How* and Kmrcttt Miller, a native of fcac-
ramentn. Cal.. a*?ed 45 yrars 11 months «nd
is days. A member of Stanford Parlor No.
TO. N. ?. «J. \V.
CFrieiut.- and acquaintance* are respect-
ti.lly ii.vifed to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), a: M:.i0 o"clork, from the funeral
parlor* of McAuy i: O;., VS» Market
•treet. thej.ee to St. Mary's Cathedral,
tvbtre a rstolem ma;» will !>e celebrated
for the rewse cf his uaL
STANFORD ¦ ParJor No. ,76. X. S. G. W.—
Oi f!oers and n:rnil#rs ate re<ji:estr-d to a»-
wailiie at .St. Mary";* Cathedral, corner Van
.\"e*s nver.uo ard O'FarrcIl street, to-day
< Friday), pri.mntly at 10 o'clock, to attend
,tba funeral s»'rvifv>s of their late member,
John T. Miller. By order of the parlor.
J \V. IIARPIMAX. President.
Fni:D tt. JUNO. Secretary.
SIlLI.Kn-In th'.s oity. January 20. 1904.
.:.... l. Kalicr, a native of Germany, agrea
74 ye.ar» and 1<» months. A member of San
Fran<i>.<:o Turn Wrein, Tailors' Protective
I'nion nnd ilfe meiribtr of th? Olympic Club.
JL7Frien<i5 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited t.i att»-nd the funeral to-day
Friday*, at 2:"O o'clock, from fan Kran-
• ;k~> Turn Vereffl Hall. :^l Turk stieet,
»]]»tc *»rv:<-fi« will b*> h'ld under the aus-
;>ice* <>f the Krancisco Turn Vereln.
Remain? at thv parlors of II. F. Suhr &
Co.. 3137 Mission street, between fewnth
*rxi Ei£l:ih. Interment I. O. O. F. Ceme-
tery.
KACnn— In this cSty. January 21. 1DC4. at his
rta'Ien."*-. 511 Charter Oak avenue, oft San
Uruno MvnK, Atit_>n. dearly beloved tius-
¦ «: •: of I'eulinB Nuecr. beloved 'ather of
lie'*. \Viliiam. .'uliu* and Frederick Xaser.
brother ut th- late John Naser, and uncle
•if ;•;.-.. Daalothr, a 'native of Aniermaih.
<'«r.ton l."ri. Switzerland, pged 49 years 5
innuthE and '.t dayr.
Xr.I.HOX— In this city. January 20. 1!KM. at
Ifr r«»*i<}c-r!ce, J7i S^an «"arloe avenue. b r -
\ + t*n Kiphte^nth and Nineteenth, Jennie
!:i«"»rior. btlovicj wile of Albert E. Nelson.
¦laiighttT of Mr?. E. Olson, pnd Fister of
Mrs. G. A. Eiiasti and Frank W. and Lil-
Hf F. Olson, a native of San Francisco,
aped "I years »tul :i months.
C^Friendv. rod acquaintances are respect-
fully btvlted to ttt^nd tlie funeral services
Sunda>. January ~*. 1901. at 1 :•» o'clock.
at Jier 1st'- r»jsiJince, 174 S^an Carlos ave-
nue, between Kis:l]te*!itii and Nineteenth
ytrert*.. Interment CyilW La^.n Oniftery.
hy «-leotri<- tun»ral car from Kighteenth and
«jufrr»-r«' street*.
OCOXXon--A m^nth'* mind mass will bo
celebrated for the rei>oe* of the fouI of the
late Catherine O'Connor at St. Charles
Church. corn»r Elchte< rth and Shotweli
Hrf^t*. Fi'ilay mcrtiing, January 22, at O:.'J'J
o'clock. Friends are respectfully invited
to attend.
PB1OB— tn this city. January 2<>. l'-XH. Mrs.
Mary Prior, d^^rly beloved rioter "f B. Gal-
laktiT of Vallej.i. Cal.. and Mrs. Ann Riley,
pr.A rie.arly beloved aunt of Janic? P.. Mar-
K»rM and Minnie Riley tnd Mrs. A. Arnold,
a n»tiv»- of County Cavma. Ireland.
tTTFriends end a-oualntanceB are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral ta-morrow
"Paturday).. ut !i o'cl'x-k. from her late resi-
dence. i:i> i'aa" street, thence to Sacre-d
Heart Chun h. where a requiem hieh mass
will bfc ceUbratM for the repese of her sou!
.-?. •»:.!(» <,'clfK-k. Interment Holy Cress
CrtsietetT. by electric car from Eighteenth
and Guerrero streets.
RAXDLE— In thU city. January 21. 1904. Min-
nie M.. beloved wife of William E. Randle.
a Batlwe'of loua, aged 41 years 5 months
snd 18 ciayr.
CJ9OAS— In ,:l.is city. January 19. 1301, Pan-
teli* IVeas a native of Greece, a. ed 50
:-eary.
CT^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
Jully invited to attend the funeral to-day
<Friday». at II o'clock, from the undertaking
roon.B of Th«odor Dietks. V-Z7 Mission street,
thence to Creek Trinity Church. .'117 Seventh
?'rut. bemwi Folsmi and Harrison, where
funeral tmrrUsen win b» held. interment
O*prm l.n»n Cemetery.
I^< iSS — In tins city, January 10. 1904, Olive
Hay. b*>!oved wife <•( TtiwdTe B. Ross.
Dio'.htr of Fi^d K. Valbot and Thjodora OIit«
Husv. cauc!tor of Jchn W. and Annie E.
an.', titter of Kate. Klla. Helen and
Frank t'oencer. a native of Pan Franci«co,
tged ."?« yetre *¦ months »nd 'Zi days.
CyFrlenf;i« ar.d acquaintsnoes are respect-
fully iniiteJ to attcnJ the funeral service*
Fiidsy. Jarsiary 22. 1004. a' 2 o'clock, a:
her Ute resilience. 1503 Panchez street, be-
rw*ra Twenty-«-ishth and Twenty-ninth.
SC1UXTK— In this city, January IS 1904
Fred Schultz, a native of Germany, aged 23
C7"Friends end acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited t" attend the funrral Saturday,
January 23. 1904. at 12:.TO o'clock, from
iharle? J. B. Metzler's undertaking parlors.
•UW Waeii'.ngton stret-t. where services will
t>e-»e!i1 under the auspices of Dollle Grav,
thence to Third and Townsead streets to
1 :30 o'clock train. Interment Mount Olivet
Jemttcry.
gHELDOX— In tbie citj-, January- 24, 1904.
F. W. Sheldon, a native of Vermont, aged
52 yearc.
t-? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
rully Invited to attend the funeral services
Saturday. January 2M. 1904. at 10 o'clock, at
Cbatiea J. B. Metzier's undertaking parlors.
•SO Wa-!r>in£to:i Ftreet. thence to Third and
Tcwamtd btreets to ll:«0 o'clock train. In-
terTri'-rt Mour.t Olhet Cemeterj'.
SIMI'SOX— Entered into rest, in thia city
January 81, 1:»<M. at his residence. 1207
MiflEion Etreet, Tliomas. beloved husband of
Mary At:n and father of Henry II
George L.. Thona-t «-.. Alfred H.. Joseph
I>. and ;he late Wii'.iam I. Simpson, a na-
Uv^ of Csrlisle, Knxland. aetd 70 yean 4
roontlni f.rid o aa>6.
T\A< I1OM.1ER-- In this oity. Januarj' 2! 1804
ICsther. dearly beloved "wife of B^tijamin
U'acbolder. devoted mother of Joel. Sam
Sat-, and Hattie Waeholder. Mrs. M I?
Marks. Mrs. <\ A. Wilton and Mrs C R
t^fm. and sister t,f Senator E. I. Wolfe"
Mrs. Ia^u Gr»mlx-rg. Mrs. Sara Wolfe Mrs
Louis RnthT.bejR. Mrs. Karl Staahlgren and
Mn-. Jcfcsq n'Hssbeta. a native of Hull.
Kr.cland, aged 4S years 9 months and 28
days.
KTVctio* of funercl hereafter.
WARREN— In this city. January 20. 1904.
«:iady«= Virginia, lielov^ daughter of Charles
find Gracr WaTen of Vallejo. Cal., and
Fisfr or Mm. C, J. Peoples and Gertiude
li. Warren, a native of Sacramento. Cal.,
at-^d 10 yeais 0 months and 20 days
ETCrftnatior. ft Orfd Fellows' Cemetery.
Funeral and crematicn rrirate.
TMl^SOX— In this city. January 21, 1904,
Mary M.. wife of Frank Wilson, dearly be-
loved mother of Veronica J. and Mary I
WiKon. loving daughter of -Michael and
'•atheriiie Geraehty, and sister of Michael.
Kate. William and the late John Geratrhty
ii n«ttv* cf Wattham. Mass.. aced 34 years
10 months and 2*.* days. A member of "Cali-
fornia Circle .No. 103. A. O. F.
CXFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
: Saturday) at S::so o'clock, from the resi-
•lerce of her mother. ::io Langton rtreet
tbonce to St. Jowohi Church, where a re-
quiem hirh mase will be celebrated for the
repo*? or her soul, comniTicliiK at. 9 o'clock
Interment Holy Crots Cemetery.Two more cars of Western Poultry were
marketed, making flva thus far for this week
and the market' had an easier. tone in conse
quenve. Hens, Roosters . and Fryers were
quoted lower, but the. market cleaned up well
at the revised quotations. Receipts of dressed
Turkeys , proved too miich for the. market and
prices were weaker.. The top quotation wa»
obtained only for small parcels of fancy stock,
most dealers. finding It difficult to obtain over
20c for the best Ftock. About forty cases
came in. " . , :
. There wer« no changes in Game. Receipts
were more liberal than On the preceding day
but everything cleaned up well. •¦ .
. POULTRY — Dressed Turkeys. 18iff22c per lb
llvo Turkeys 16@lKc perlb; Geese, per pair'
$2®2 2r> : Gosling!. , $202^25: Ducks, j $5 00«fi ?>0
per dozen; for- old Valid $« 5007 50 for young:
Hens. *C@7. for large and: $525 50. for small;
young Roosters." 1 $0® 7; old Roosters, $5@5 .io-
Fryer*. |5K0; Broilers. $5ig5 50 •: for. large
and $4 50@5 for small: Pigeons. $1 2501 60 per
do-/«n fcrjoid And $2 25®2 50 for Squabs' - • ~,
GAME — Mallard Duck*. S2 50(3.1 BO per do* •
Canvasback, $3©4 50:" Sprig. $202 50: Teal
$1 50S1 75: Widgeon. $1 25@1 50: small Ducks'.
$lftl 25;: Gray ? Geese. $3: .White > Geese. < 75c®
$1 25: Brar.t,-$1 25 for small and $2 Tor large:
Honkers," $4 : 50 ¦ for ¦ large and $'¦', 50 for small :
Poultry and Game.
. BAGS— Grain Bags, S'ASSftc: San Quentln.
B.55c: Wool Bags, J2®25c: Fleece Twine. 7^^
8c. ¦.'"•--'•.•'. ' ' ' •'
- COAL — Wellingion. $8 per ton; New Wel
lington. $S; Seattle. $0 r.0: Bryant. $(> fiO: Bea
ver Hill. $0: Standard, $7: Rcslyn, $7:
Coos, Bay. $5-60: Greta. $7; Wallsend. $7; Rich
mond, $7 r>0; Cumberland, $13 In bulk and
$14 25 In sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg.
$14; Welsh Anthracite Egg, $1.1: Welsh Lump.
$11 60: Cannel. $8 50 per ton: Coke. $11 500
13 per* ton In bulk and $15 In sacks; Rocky
Mountain descriptions. $11 45 per 2000 Itfs and
$12 xO per. long ton. according to brand.
OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for cases,
add 5c Linseed. 4£>c per gallon for boiled and
47c for raw; Castor Oil, In cases. No. 1. 7Co:
Bakers' AA..$110@l 12: Lucol. 44c for boiled
and 42c for raw; China Nut. C0@70c per gallon,
Cocoanut Oil, In barrels. GSc for Ceylon and 55c
for Australian: extra bleached winter Sperm
Oil 80c: natural winter Suerm Oil. .75c: 'extra
blenched winter Whale Oil. 63c: natural Whale
Oil, flOc: '.xtra winter strained Lard Oil. Me:
NO. 1 Lard Oil,' 75c: pure Neatsfoot Oil. 75c;
Nol Neatsfoot Oil. C5c: light Herrins: Oil.' 45c:
dark Herring Oil. 4.1c: Salmon Oil. 3$e; boiled
FUh Oil. 40c: raw Fish Oil. 3Sa; boiled Paint
Oil 35C: raw . Pa'.nt Oil.- .T3e.
COAL x OIL —-Water White Coal OU
in bulk. 15c: Pearl Oil In eases. 21 Vjc: Astral.
2H4c:Ptar. 21^c: Extm Ptar. 2.".'<.f:- E'.Tlne.
27'Jsc;-; Eocene. 24i,4c; Dedcrlzed Stove Gaso
line 'In bnlk. 17c:-ln cases. 2:5»4c; Benzine -in
bulk l«Sc: In - caeca. > l»'/se: SC-degrce Gasoliue,
In bulk, 2jc: Incases. 31c. : . " : -
TURPENTINE— SSc per gallon In cases and
S2c In drums and Iron barrels.
I RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. oy.ffj>
Toper lb: White Lead. 0H©7c. according "to
quantity. '¦- ¦ ' .- • -¦". ¦
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes a* follows, per lb. ln-100-lb hates:
Cubes « "A - Crushed - and r Fine ' Crushed. 5.65c;
Powdered. CROc; Candy Granulated. fi.5Cc: Dry
Granulated, flue. 5.40c: Dr Granulated, coarse.
C.40c; ~ Trult Granulated. 5,40cr Re«>t Granu
lat<»d , (100-lb bags only>. 5.20c: ¦ Corjfectloners*
A." 5.40c;" Magnolia A,. 5c: Extra C. ;4.fK>c:
Golden. C, '4.80c: VD." -4.70c: barrels. lOc more:
half barrels. 25c more: boxes.. 50c more; .lO-lb
bags. 10c 'more for all kinds. ¦ Tablets — Half
barrels. S.fiOc: boxes; 6.15c: H.'."& .'E, Crystal
Domlnos. -8.40c per lb. • No orders taken for
It ii than MTenty-flve barre'.y or its equivalent.
General Merchandise.
SEATTLE. Jan. 21.— Clearings, $580,234; bal
ances. $148,100. . •
TACOMA. .Tan. 21. — Clearings, $303,752; bal
ances. $32,034. ' • . - • ,
PORTLAND. Jan. 21. — Clearings, $575 517
balances. $Kl,277.
• SPOKANE, Jan. 21.— Clearings, $2SS,caO:
balances. $01,704. . • ¦¦'¦¦¦
Northern Business.
NEW YORK, .Tan. 21.— The cotton market
opened steady, but showed much irregularity,
flrst prices. being 7 points hlRher to 4 points
lower. Th« «-Iose was utrongr at a net - ad
vance of 20 to 40 i>olnts.
Nciu York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. Jan. 21.— Tin lost £1 In Lon
don, closing at £120 r.s and £12D 15s for spot
and futures, respectively. Locally tin was also
lower, closinc at $2K 2M?2S 75.
Copper declined T>* !n London, closlne nt
£57 10s for snot and nt £." 2s Cd for futures.
Locally copper vraB unchanged. Lake U quot
ed at $12 75*213: ?12 C2>6@12 S7',4
and castln«r nt $12 r>0«712 75.
J>ad was firm at $4 00^4 C5 locally, but was
Is 2d lower In London at £11 15b.
Spelter declined i's <V1 to £21 7« 0<l In jVm
don, but remained steady her? at ?4 fJ.'g.'i 05. '
Iron closed at 40s 9d In Glasgow and at
41s Ud in Middlesboro. Locally the markK
was unchanged. No. 1 foundry Northern. $1B
010: No. 2 foundry Northern. S14S215; No. 1
foundry Southern and No. 1 foundry Southern
soft. $13 75@U 2. r >.
Nc7V York Metal Market'.
SUPREME CHIEF RANGER
PAYS OFFICIAL. VISIT
Head of the Foresters of America
Comes to 3Icet the California
Brethren.
Supreme Chief Rangrer John P.
Kelly af the Foresters of America, an
organization having: a membership in
the United States of 27Q.000. 24.000 of
which are, In the State of California,
arrived in this city last evening from
Jersey City for the purpose of paying
an official visit to the courts of San
Francisco and other parts of the
jurisdiction. During his stay in this
State the supreme chief, who la a
captain of police in his home city,
¦will be the guest of the executive
council of the Grand Court of the
Stat*. To-night he will visit Ein
tracht Hall on Twelfth street, where
the courts of this city will meet In
joint session for the purpose of initi
ating between 300 and 350 candidates
into the mysteries of the order. To
morrow night he will attend a grand
ball to-be given under the auspices of
the monster Initiation committee of
the local courts, of which E. R. Zion
is the president. T. J. Emery vice
president. Thomas E. Gibbons treas
urer and George Bsban sergeant at
arms. It is expected that there will
be about 2300 persons present,*
The distinguished visitor was re
ceived last evening by Grand Chief
Ranger H. A. Gabriel of San Jose.
Grand Secretary Cordy and other
grand officers and welcomed to tho
State.
HOGS— Live Hogs 140 to ISO lbs. 5U@5&c:
over ISO lbs 5c: soft. Hogs. 4He;'Sown. 20 per
cent off: Boars. 50 per cent off. and Stags. 40
per cent off from above quotations.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered in . San Francisco. less 5,0
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE — Steers, S<S0c: Cows and Heifers.
7©Sc: thin Cows. 405c per lb. .
CALVES— 45J4VjC per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— -Wethers. 4@4%c: Ewes. 4c per lb
(croFS weight).
LA MBS -*C per lb.
VEAL — Large. S(&0c: small. 9@10c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. S%©9c: Ewes. SgS^c
per lb. -
LAMB— lC.nile per lb. • .
PORK— Dre«sed Hogs. 7«?8^c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— C%(g7%c for Steers and 6®CV4c per
lb for Cows.
Local packers report plenty of Hotrs coming
In to fill the demand, which Is light. Mutton
rules firm at the recent advance. Otherwise
the market Is featurrless. '
DRESSED MEATS.*
Meat Market.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas. 305c per lb-
Strlnjr Bsans. 10@15c per lb; Wax. SJil2Hc:
Tomatoes from Los Angeles. 50c(S$l per box
or crate: Rhubarb. 6c per lb; Summer
Squash from Los Angeles. 50{?$5c per box;
Cabbage *1 per ctl: Carrots. 50c per, sack:
Hothoute Cucumbers, .5c(S?l 75 per dozen:
Garlic. 5<f?0c per lb; Egg Plant. 12U.<Pf20c
per lb: Dried Peppers. 5J?So per lb for Stock
ton and Jl©12%c for southern: Dried Okra.
12 Vie per U>: Oreen Peppers. 5©7c per- ,1b-
Muphroomo. SOigSSc^ per lh: Marrowfat and
Hubbard Squash, f 10g!10 per ton for round
lots and %®4ic per lb for sacked.
. The • market for table Potatoes was firm
under moderate tupplles and a steady demand
an:! prices were higher all around. The recent
arrivals of Oregon 1 Burba nks were mostly of
good quality and they were readily marketed
at higher rates, with a few exceptionally fine
lots sclllnc up to $1 45 per cental. Salinas
Burbanks, too, .were firmer under limited sup
plies, while rivers were higher in sympathy
with the other descriptions. Sweet Potatoes
were In good request and prices ranged higher.
A fresh car ot fancy stock was received and
was* firmly held at the maximum quotation,
whlln tho best offerings of carried-over stock
moved freely at tho inside rate. Onions were
firmly held at advanced prices, stocks being
light and held by a few dealers.
Trad" '.n miscellaneous vegetables was fair
and prices or choice stock, ¦ particularly Strlns
Beans and Egs Plant, were welt sustained.
Summer Squa.-h and Tomatoes were abundant
and moved slowly nt unchanged rates, much of
the stock being frost-bitten and otherwise in
poor condition. Lima Beans from Los Angeles
eolil at 10c per pound nnd Asparagus from the
river was quickly disposed of at 50c per pound.
Only a small "quantity of each came . in. A
corfignment of 10 boxes of Mexican Tomatoes
were received by stfamer;on Wednesday. The
Tomatoos were small and of poor quality and
the consignment will prove a loss, to the Im
porters, -i-
POTATOES — Burbanks from the river. 80c®r
$1 per ctl: Salinas BurbinkR. $1 2501 (50 p«r
ctl; Oregon Burbanks. $1 2O@1'35 per .ctl;
River Reds GOPHOc per ctl: Garnet Chiles. 00c
«$1 per ctl: Enrly Rose. 00c@$l per ctl:
Sweet Potatoes v $1 S502 ner ctl.
ONIONS— SI '35«fl. 50 per cti; Green Onions.
65<ff7. r >c per box. • - - .
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
-BEANS— Uayos. $2 3 T @2 «; Pea, J3 25: But
tern $;<; small White, $2 OS'g.J 05; large White,
$2 50@2 €.V. Pink, $2 80@2 DO: Red. $1 2504 50.'
Lima, ?3 1503 25; Red Kidneys, $4 25; Black
eye. $2.1S@2 25 per ctli Horse Beans. $2@2 50.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard. $.1; Yellow Mus
tard. $2 G5®2 SO; Flax. $1 SOigl 00: Canary.
f)S5J,ic for Eastern: Alfalfa, ll£?14c; Rape.
l l ,i5?2c: Timothy. . «54f6Hc: Hemp 3V*@3%c per
lb; Millet. 3®3VSc: Broom Corn Seed $20@23
per ton.
DRIED PEAS— Nominal.
Lima Beans are very firm owing to the dis
appointment over the small rainfall down
eputh.i and quotations have advanced again.
Otherwise there is nothing new. - '
Beans and Seeds.
No further change in this market Is reported.
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands eell
abcut "iUlc under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, Oc: medium. 8c: light, 7*4c: Cow Hides.
7tyc for heavy and 7«*c for light: Stags. Re:
Salted Kip, Be: Salted Veal. 10c; Salted Calf.
10V4c; dry Hides. 15@16c; dry Kip. 13c; dry
Calf 18c: Sheepskins, shearlings. 25©r > .0c each:
short Wool, 40i£65e each; medium. 70S90c: long
Wcol, $ltf?l 50: Horse Hides, salt. S2 75 for
large and $2C2 50 for medium. $1 25fil 75 for
small and 50c for Colts. Horse Hld?s. dry.
$1 75 for large and ?l 60 for medium. $l@i 25
for small and GOc for Colts. Buck Skins — Dry
Mexican. 31c: dry salted Mexican. 2.1c; dry
Central American. 31c. Goat Skins— Prime An
goras. 75c: large and smooth. GOc: medium. 33c;
small. 20c.
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered. 4e per lb; No.
2 3%c: grease. 2*4@3c.
WOOL — Fall clip — Sa- Joaqutn Lambs' 0®
lie. Middle County. U@12c: Northern De
fective. JiflJlOc: Nevada. 13®15c: Oregon fine.
lSJilf'c: Orejron medium, 17c per lb.
HOPS— 27(f?30c per lb for California. 1903,
and 17018c for crop of 1004.
Hides, Talloiv, Wool and Hops.
Corn oi>ened steady on firm cables and un
favorable weather. May being a shade higher
to a Fhadf lower at 5O».4e to 50->,fj"50^c. As a
result much of the early decline "was re
covered and a firm tone prevailed at the close,
although May was %<3Mic. lower at 49 T i<$?>0c.
Oats fared the best of the grains, and while
there was a sharp break early In sympathy
with the wheat weakness, all of the Iocs, was
recovered and new high record in May 'mad*.
May closed at 42>i&42«6c.
Provisions weathered the gale and held
steady In the face of the sharp break In Brains.
There was some selling by local longs and alsi
for outside account, but the market held well
and closed steady, with May pork 2M, C higher,
lard u» 5c and ribs were a shade higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows: '¦
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2 —
May 02V, 02U 00^4 92
July sUTs S4»i 81%^ Kni.
September ~<J% ~9% 77% ; 71)
- Corn No . 2 —
July 484 4%% 47»i 4Sti
January 4K% 40^ 4^ „
May 50& 50»£ 49y s 50
Oats No. 2 —
September 3,3*1 33?; 33'i Xi%
January 30
May 42% 42^4 41U 42%
July ?,S aSH 27^4 37%
Me.=s Pork, per bbl —
January 13 00
May 13 27J4 13 37^ 13 22^ 13 27^
Lard, rer 100 lbs—
January 7 00 7 02V. 7 f)7^ 6 «2^4
M«y 7 22*4 7 2714 7 17V4 7 25
July 7 27V<; 7 30 7 25 7 2.7'^
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs —
January « 37*i • 87% B 37<4 fi 37U.
May fi 72»^ « 75 « 07^ 6 72%i
July 6 80 6 80 0 80 6 80
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, firm;
No. 3 wheat. S0iSS7c; No. 2 red. 92fii)8c; No.
2 com. tifticj No. 2 yellow, 43c: No. 2 oats,
a9ftZ0y,c: No. 3 white. 30S41MrC: No. 2 rye.
60c: good feeding barley. 40c: fair to choice
malting. 47©5Sc; No. 1 flaxseed. $1 07: No. t
Northwestern, $1 12; prime timothy seed. $3 23;
mess pork, per l-bl. S13 in@ir: 22^; lard, per
100 lbs. $7 02%; short ribs sides <loos>e). $0 30
®« 35; short clear sides (boxed), HO »!2i^^6 73;
whisky, basis of high wines, $1 27; clover,
contract trade. S/ll 25.
Articles — Receints. Shipments.
Flour, barrels ?.S.ne-> 52.000
Wheat, bushels S4 000 4.1.000
Corn buFhela 2S3.00O .125.000
Oats bushels 1S0.OCO 145.00O
Rye' bushels 0.<W» 7.0OO
Barley, bushels OC.COO 11.0C0
On the Produce Exchanpp th« Butter market
was Ftrady: «-renmer!es. l."'S2Jo: (lniriey. ~\"-n
IBs: epgs. steady at mark, cases Included. 25®
27c; cheese, steady. lOifilOUc. .
Foreign Futures.
Wheat— March. May.
Opening fi , r .«i 6 4ty
Closing 6 4% 6 3%
PARIS.
Wheat — , Jan. May-Ails.
Opening 21 20 21 35
Closing 21 20 21 30
Flour —
Opening 29 4,1 2R 05
Closing • 29 25 28 80
' Some dealers Rre'quoting""a. weaker ftay mar
k«t. whl!e. others report' the situation still firm.
Tho feeling seems somewhat unsettled and un
eertaln. like tho weather. Prices stand about
the same. • ¦
There is no change In Feedstufts.
BHAK- $20 60(321 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $2T«28 50 per ton. •
SHORTS— $20 6C021 50 per ton
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $23 50024 30
per ton; Oil Cake Meal at the mill, $2$®29 50:
Jobbing. $10; Cocoanut Cake. $21(322: Corn
Meal. $2S®28 50; Cracked Corn, $28S'-.'9;
Mixed Feed/ $22S23; Horse Beans. $30010 per
ton.
HAT — Wheat. $14@17 50: Wheat and Oat.
$14«16 50: Oat. $14@1C; Wild Oat. *13®15:
Barley. $12@14 50; Stock nominal — none here:
Alfalfa. $12<S'13 50 per ton
STRAW— 50@75c per bale.
Ha\ and Feedstuff s.
Stocks— sale*. Hi S h. Ix>w. Close.
Atchison pfd 2.300 H0V fsui SO
Baltimore & Ohio. 27.::r» y '* c O a? " '»?»
Bait & Ohio fliij. 200 a! w?i' 00'i
.NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
New York Stock Market.
KEVT YORK. Jan. 21.— The Infloeaoes which
have be^n gathering foro for some time in the
tusk n:ar«t caused another burst or activity
end Rnagtfc to-day, rarried the market
to a hlsbcr level and routed a larpr and cb-
Btinate short inter.-st. a rush v, cover of the
fhortr JTUM important influence in carrying
eomc nf the most activr. ptoeks upward and
the «(M(Un who we, e !cr. K of these stocks
of thitir bearish brethrrn. The movement was
WttbOUt sny in-.f.ortar.t news development b«
yond thoi-f- that have brcn under d'jscusslon for
several dava. There was a tcr.drncy toward
crystallization of the l«?!ief that war be
tween Russia and Japan Ir likely to :te averted
for -he pre»ent. The foreign niarkets BOSXUiaa
to manifest hesitation and inactivity in the
apprehension that a turn for the worst Is to
te !>2rcd. but the agreements reached on Vue
ce!«f;v t polnti In the controversy have given
rrowth to the conviction here that the point*
remaining are not sufficient to Justify a resort
to -.vsr. The jfrowlng: volum*.- of the demand
lor bun<!» has made an Impression upon the
ei>ecu:a!ivo mind a* a usual precursor of an
UBpfwmueia in the buying of stocks and tht
.contmurd heavy accuirulatlcn of the money
at thir pohrt adds to the belief that the de
rr.ar.d for bond.; in likely to extend to the
etock IW. TtKterday anfl to-day the bull
carr.paJKn ar unJer auspicious cir
cumstance* as lo imprtfs tfie uncovered l>«>ars
ir.tn the r^ar that its progress mirhl extend
»>»yor..1 ihoir ir.Pin? to opposn- it. The oover-
JnfT demand n : , very heavy from v»rioun oul
«.«-e i-oints. The- leadership in the market
derations «** rather cle-arly traceable to sev
eral sources v.hich have been Imposing lnfiu
e::ces in Brest ir.ajQct movements of the last
few ytar?. j Si <i the prestige of this leadership
he!red to <l<-n oraljze tht , bear8 There was
enormous profn-iak in* throuRbout the e3ay at
thfc Hrs». In stock,, which Jed the preliminary
advance to-day. Th^e included Southern Pa
cific Rock IslarM. Rradlng. Erie Aroalga
rna.ed Copper an<l United State* Steel pre
ferred Later, when *oroe of these laggards
were brought into the movement, the proflt
t-ksr? f-h..'tci to stocks which had advanced
£J* "? ?' !<art of th « da >'- ThltI double
process or clojlcg -jj, Emulative committments
™*£*t " red , u «- th« technical forces In the
market .or a lurthrr raovement to either direc-
FZwIf. br*akinK «f the- drought In the
South west *a s one ot the helpful Influences
of the day S;>ec U i a ti Ve hopes were expressed
2ft£j l' E ? SS? 8 " of Iiroflt « of cotton specu
2'™'" to * loc ]-* »"«! the Initiation to Stock
co.ton speculation was an appropriate feature.
!J«Mk ,' market closed active and firm
stocks Prlce * for the ¦»*JorJty of
paV^rue'^.OTr,^." 4 *"**• Total .ale,.
Tnited States houUs were unchanged on call.
EASTERN MARKETS.
A trade jourr.al eays: '•The aggregate sup
plies c f bs-cads-tuffs credited to Eurojx; in all
positions on January 1. J^C4. were 23.13O.OH0
bui-hfls morf than reported on January 1. 10U3.
Advices from Europe indicate a fair
outlook for tile faii-sown . crops, except
In Southern Russia, where there ;s a. general
lack cf rr.o:stu-v. Not to txceed the usual
acreage l:zs been sown in most sections. Ad
vice* from Argentina represent that little
' «5arr.a*~ h»= be*-n t-ustainr-d. and th»i the out
look favors a crop of about ll.Y<iO0.0O0 bushels
to IS0.O0Q.O0II butheif. which would leave 85.-
Ciifi.orif. to f«o.OOO.oOO bushels for export. Aus
tralia t::.< enterad the list of <xi«orting coun
tries afrain. and the crop may be safely placed
«¦ •S.OOOvOM liushels. Advices from India con
tinue lavorafclt for a good crop."
S/ork Shrinkage i'h London rpoj.
Securities d^alt in on the I^ndon Stock Ex
change fell 32 per cent in IW3. The depre
ciation as represented by actual quotations
*as (t4S.000.000, Ccnsols fell sharply, and
the uwrage fall of governments was a little
more than that for the whole list. Home
rail.ways f>!l 8 per cent, hut foreign railways
Advanced under the lead of Argentines.
Weather Report.
<12"th M?rj<iian — Pacific Time.)
BAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 21.— 5 p. m.
The toOawlilE are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with throve of the same date
Isf: «eas'Mi and rainfall in the last twenty
lour tours:
Last This Last
Ftatior.s— 24 hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.64 23.22 2S.33
lied Bluff 0.00 1.1. .VJ 13.75
eairsmento O.OO . r i.2O C.71
J=an Francisco O.OO 7.1U G.20
Frfsno O.OO 1.-J4 S.21
Independence O.fK) 0.42 0.63
han Luis Obispo.... W.liO l.M 5.<K)
Ixis Angf-tes O.«O &«57 4.'.i"
Can Diego 0.("0 0.43 ti.03
TliE COAST RECORD.
STATIONS. 7 £§2 2 S'l f"* p
— — • o
• ; c c . ; 3
I * r> ; • '.
Baker 30.."* 24 0 KW Fnow .06
<'«n-nn :«)..T^ 42 1G R <Toudy .OiJ
Kurrka 90. <8 TAt <2 SW nain .04
Karallon 30.36 62 4S N\V r^-ar .00
PVesno 30..^ 50 2S SW ritar .(H)
Fiapstaft 3f».10 U6 — 2 NW Pt.Cldy .(«»
Pc^atollo 30.30 22 12 E Snow .04
Independence .30.12 58 34 NW Pt.C.dy .«K)
L,Of Angela ..SO. 22 <3<> 3S W ("lear .00
Mt. Tamaliiais.:i0.40 46 3O XW m.«1dy .<irt
Phoenix 3<t.2O 50 P/> N <*lear .OIJ
Point- Iteyes ..:W.:i2 H2 44 XW Clear .OO
Portland 80.26 42 — NW Rain .23
Tied Bluff 30.42 IS 32 E Pt.Cldy .00
Ros^burg 30..1S M 42 SE Cloudy .22
Rfccramento ..30.42 4S 32 N Clear .no
Salt Luke 30.30 22 S S Snow .02
Kan Francisco. :JO. 42 T.2 40 X Clear .(*>
6. L. Gbispo.. 30.39 58 N <^"lear .<K|
6»n Diego :!r>.22 r.S :W5 ' N'W C'.e-ar .O:>
Seattle W.-24 44 36 S Rain .©«
fr^kane 30.26 .'W 10 E Cloudy .04
Tatoofli 30.20 44 42 E Rain T.
%VaI!a Walla. .'¦',<). 2(5 40 30. NW <1oudy .OH
Wir.nemacca ..'tO.^tS 30 22 W Cloudy .txl
Turra 30.20 tS 36 N Clear .00
WKATHER CONDITIONS AKD GENERAL
FORECAST.
Rain iv fallinc over 'WaiKhinsrton and Oregon,
with mow in tt.e Rocky Mountains.
The pirmire has risen slowly over the greater
portion of the ccast.
Very col<j weather i« reported In Southern
Arizona. New Mexico and eastward. Heavy
Irotts recurred in Southern California.
Forecast made at Francisco for thhly
hours t-ndinc roidnlEht, January 22:
Northern California — Hain Friday in north
ern portion, cloudy t-lsewhere; light southerly
»inds.
Southern California— Fair Friday, becoming
cloudy at night, h.avy frort In the morning:
light north winds. Citrus fruit growers should
bf tea<1y to smuflpe.
Nevada — Ploudy Friday.
fan KranciFco and vicinity — Cloudy Fridayi
lipht easterly winds. A. G. McADlE.
District Forecaster.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $4 60©
4 85 usual terms: Bakers' Extras. $4 Miff 4 60-
Oregon- and Washington. $" 90@4 20 per bbl for
Family and $3 00®4 40 for Bakers'.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In packages are as
follows: Graham Flour. $3 2.V per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour. $3 25; Rye Meal. $3; Rice Flour.
$7; Corn Meal, f" 25: extra cream do. $4; Oat
Groats $» 5<>: Hominy. $4©4 23: Buckwheat
Flour. $4 50ffT4 7r>; Cracked .Wheat. J-T 75; Fa
rina $4 BO; WHol# Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled
Oats. bbis. $7 2u@S 60; In sacks $6 75©$ 10;
Pearl Barloy $«: Split Peas, boxes $7; Green
Peas. $3 50 per 100 lbs:
Flour and Millstuffs.
united' states bonds.
. Bid.Ark.f BId.Ask.
43 qr coup..l07%10S% 4s qr cp newl.13>41.14
4s qr reg.-.107%10S*il4s qr coup.. 107 1CS
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. — — O T Co 6s.. 116*4 —
Bay CPC 58.101% — Do 5s 100 —
Cal C G 5s. — 107 Do con 5s. 101% —
Cal C & E % Oceanic S 5s. — 75
m & ct 5s. — 104 Or* Cable 6s. 122 —
Cal-st 5s.. ..114 — Pac G Im 4s. — OS
C C Wat 5a. — 104 P E Ry 5s.lO4%103
Ed Lft P Ks.120 — P & C H 6s.lO3% —
F & C Ht's. — 117 P * O R 6S.117 —
Geary-st 5s.. 4r>% 90 Powell-st 6s. 113*4 —
H C&S ."Vis.KM — SE G&R Gs. — 101
H C & S 5s. OS ICO SF & 8JV5s.ll8*& —
Hon R T fs.100 — Sierra R 6s 112
L A Elec 5s. — — S P of A 6s
L A Ry 5*..114%115' / 4 (10C9) 105 105%
L A L Co fis. — . — M010) 1O6V4 —
Do gtd fis. — — S P of C «s
Do ctd Ks. — 1C4% H!)O5)Sr A.104 —
IjAP lem r>s.lO2% — (l!>«"ir))Sr B.104% —
Mkt-st C «s. — 118*5 (lOCff) 1CS*41C8
Do lem r»s.H4mi5«4 (1912) ....117*i —
NRR of C6s.HWV«lC5% SPC 1 eg 3s. — —
Do 5s 117% — Do stmpd.lOSmOO
N P C R 5s. — — S P B R 6s.l3.T% —
N C R 5s.. — 112 S V W 6».10«% —
N' C P C 5s. 95 ICO Do 4s 2dm. 9f»V» —
N. S R H .Is. — 1CO% Do 4* .1«m. OOU —
O O L H Ss.107% — Stkn G&E «s — 102
O W gtd 5s. — 99 U G & E 5s. — —
WATER STOCKS. "
Contra Costa 40 41 |,Port Costa.. — — ¦
Marln Co... — 65 Is V V/ Qn.. 40 40U
.GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 3% 4*1 S F G & K. 5!>«
Mutual E L. 8>4 8?i Stkn G&E. 5 —
Pac L Co.. 54 56 U G & E. . — 39
Sac E G * R — —
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
S F G & E. — — I
' INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd. — 350 I
BANK STOCKS.
Am Nil Bk. — 130 L P & A... — 170
Anglo-Cal .. £9% 92 Mer Trust... — 240
Bank cf Cal. 112 — Merch Ex... — —
Cal Safe Dp. — 151 S F Natlonl. — —
First Natlonl — —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L. — 2300 Sav & L So. 95
Hum S & L. — — Sec Sav Bk. — 450
Mutual Sav. 100 — Union T Co. —
S F Sav U.B2O «50
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..197%2C5 tPresidto .... 40 —
Geary — SO I
POWDER.
Giant 62V4 63 I Vigorlt — 5
SUGAR.
Hana P Co. — — iKIlauea S C. — 5
Hawaiian C. 43% 43 [Makawell C. 20V1 22*4
Honkaa S C 12% 12% Onomea S C — 30
Hutch SPC 8% 8»iUPauhau a c — 14
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A.141 — Ocenalc S Co 4 6
Cal F C A. 01 — Pac Aux FA 5 —
Car Wine A. — 95% Pac e Borx.167 —
Morning Session.
Board —
ft Alaska Packers' Association. . .144 00
$2,000 Pac Electric Ry 3 per cent 105 CO
Afternoon Session.
Board —
10 Alaska Packers' Association... 142 ©0
30 California Wine Association... 05 00
30 Giant Powder Con 62 CO
10 Giant Powder Con 62 23
10 Giant Powder Con 62 50
.. 25 Jionokaa S Co 12 5i)
S.1O Hutchin9cn S P Co..'. s 75
50 Oceanic S S Co 300
40 S F Gas & Electric Co 59 50
50 Spring Valley Water Co 40 CO
10 Spring Valley Water Co 40 12*j
$1,000 Los Angeles Ry 5 per cent 114 62Vj
$2,000 Oakland Transit, Co 6 p«r cent. 117 CO !
$1,000 S F & S J V 5 per cent US 12%
Street —
. 10 California Wine Association... 95 00
50 Contra Costa Water 40 25
¦¦' «iO Spring Valley Water Co 40 CO
; $6,C0O Spring Val 4s (2d mtge) 90 50
California Slock and Oil Exchange
A!mi stock ~ Bld - Asked -
Aima ............... .... ....
Apollo 42
Associated Trust Certificates. 17 ....
Aztec » 82%
California Standard n
; Cahbou l 40 ....
¦Central Point Con ,; ....
Chicago Crude .' .. i . ....
Claremont . , '. ... CO 60
; Eaprranza -.. 150
Four 69 ...*.
! Fulton ,...' .... 4 23
Giant ...». .- ....
, Han ford 140 00 142 00
; Home r. 1 07tf
Imperial .„..
Independence 13 ' "ja
Junction ........ 15
Kern 4 50 4 75
Kern River 12 00
Lion ". . . . 01
Monarch (of Arizona) 38 41
Monte Cristo 72 75
Occidental of W \'a...±'XtiWi£?SBB l«
Oil City Petrclcum 28 ' SO
,Pcerlct 9 la oo
Plttsburr • • . . . ;
Reed Crude 4 50 4*60
, S.F ft McKlttrlck
j San Joafjuin O & D [\[\
Senator 63 •'.'"
' Sovereign 37 "33
[Sterling 2 50 .;..
! Superior 03 07
j Thirty-three .- 6 00 700
I Toltec . . ia 21,
j Twenty-eight 4 25 4 40
West Shore s .... 3 00
! ' Miscellaneous — ;.
Abby Land & Imp........ 123 ...:
Alameda Sugar ....' •
American Biscuit ;.. 50 CO ....
American D!?trict Tel .... .;.;" g^r."^;'*^
Cal Gas & Electric Corp... '..:." ... .
California Cotton Mills . ... S9 00 93 CO
California Jockey Club " ....
California Shipping Co .... .... ....
Cal Title 'Ins -A Trust r * ¦....
Central Dank of Oakland.. .... ....
Chutes Company ; ....
Cypress ' Lawn Imp Co 6 25
Mscher's Theater 2 23
Gas Consumers' Assn ...i.
Honolulu .Sugar" :'.. -12 00 . ••....-'
Northern ,' California Power. . 8 23 9 00
North Shorpr Railroad ..... .... ....
I Orpheum I Company.*".": Z7T7TZZ', 16 00 ....
Pacific SUtes Tel & Tel.'. ....
THURSDAY. Jan. 21—2 p. m.
Stock and Bond Exchange.
LARD — Tierces quoted nt 7« Der lb for
compound and 9*Jc for pure: half-barrels, pure
0%c; 10-lb tins, 10c; 5-lb tins, 10%c; 3-lb tins,
10%c.
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. 8T£c; thre*
half barrels. S%Jc; one tierce, 8%c; two tierces,
SV4c; five tierces, S%c Der lb.
The local trade announce a further decline
in Bacon and a smell advance in Lsrd. which
has ruled firm of late. Hams and Bacon are
reporte-3 very dull. There is no change worthy
of note s t Chicago.
CURED MEATS — Bacon, lie per lb for
heavy. 11 %c for light medium, 13%c for light.
14c for extra light and lCc for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 13'-<.c: • California
Hams, 12%@13c: Mess Beef. 511 50 per bbl;
extra Mess, SI2Q12 50; Family. $13r prime
Mess Pork. $10: extra clear. $24; M'ss *1S:
Dry Salted Pork. ll*>ic; Pig Pork, 528; Pigs'
Feet. $5 25; Smoked Beef. 15c per lb.
Provisions.
NUTS— Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. 13U€14c;
No. 2. ll%«?12c; No. 1 hardshell. 13«»13%c;
No. 2, ll®ll*Ac; Almonds, 11c for Nonpareils.
10%c for I X L. lOMc for Ne Plus Ultra and
5%c for Lanfcucdoc: Peanuts. 6®7e for Kastern;
Pecans. ll@13c;-' Cocoanuts, *4 5C@5: Chest
nut?. S«10c per lb.
HONEY— Comb, lCKgll %c for white and 8%^
9%c for amber: water white extracted, 5^
f»V4c: light amber extracted. :^<8i%c; dark.
3%«r4c.
BEESWAX— 27®C9c per lb.
RAISINS— F. o. b. prices." Fresno, for 1903
crop: 50-lb boxes — Loose Muscat-da, 2-crown,
5*4c per lb: 3-crown. f%c; 4-crown. e%c: Seed
leas Muscatels, 4*4c; do. floated. 4%c; un
bleached Sultanas. 4*ic; Thompson's Seedless,
5%c. London Layers— 2-crown. Jl 25; 3-crown.
$1 33; 4-crown clusters. $2; S-crown Dehssas.
$2 50; C-crown Imperials. $.1: MalaRa.Loose. 2
crown. 5c per lb: do ."-crown. 5->ic; Valencia
Cured. 4i{c: Paclnc. do. 3%c; Oriental, do.
2-'Jic. Seeded Raisins— 10-oz packages, fancy.
8c per lb; choice, 7;4c: 12-oz packaues, fancy.
t>5<ic; choice. U%c; in bulk, fancy. 7%c; choice.
~%c. ¦
FRUIT — Apricots, 7%@934c for Royals and 9
©lie for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples. 4©
5%c: sun-dried 3@4c; Peaches, 4@6%c; Pears,
6@10c: Nectarines. 4@5%c: Figs, white. 4@4%c
in boxes; black. 4%c; Plums, pitted. 6@0c per
pound.-
PRUNES— 1003 crop. 2%@2%e for the four
sizes.
Dried Fruits f Nuts, Raisins, Honey
Parafdne Paint 35 00 ..'.» '
San Francisco Dry Dock.... .... ....
Sanitary Reduction Works .. 1 50 .... '
I Sausalito Land & Ferry.... .... ....
I Sperry Flour Company ....
I Standard Electric ....
Tesla Coal Company 25 00 SO 00
Truckee Electric
Union Sugar .... ¦ ....
United Gaa & Electric ....
SALES.
Morning Session.
Board — ~
100O United Railroad 4s 79 00 :
5 Kern Oil 4 SO .
5 Kern Oil 473 !
Afternoon Session.
Board —
200O Toltec 20
500 Associated 17
582 Independence 13 -
10O Junction 13
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGB.
Following were the sales on the San Fraa
[ dsco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
2C0 Andes 'M 1«H) Occidental ... 79
500 Ande* 29 1(0 Occidental ... 63
3lR» Belcher 28 100 Ophir 4 40
10O Caledonia ... 82 ifSO Potos! .-. 20
S(*> Challenge Con IS If*. Seg Belcher.. 0»
100 Ccr. C & Va-1 55 IOC Seg Belcher.. 1O
HKX) Con Imperial. U3 loo Sierra Nev .. «5
20O Con NY 05 1(0 Union Con .. W
ICO Crown Point. 20 200 Utah I IS
500 Gould & Cur. 35 100 Yellow Jacket 33
COt- Mexican 1 63
Afternoon Session.
500 Andes 31 10O Ophir 4 «f»
2uO Andes 32 10O Overman .... 23
if** Caledonia ... 95 1 100 Potosl 2.1
?«.-0 Challenge Con 25 j OCO Savage 59
1:A> Challenge Con 24 j 200 Savage 58
lOoO Chollar 23; 100 &>g Belcher.. 00
4CO Con C & Va.l K3 .100 Sierra Nev .. «»
iCO Con NY.... Ort 70O Sierra Nev .. 68
10O Gould & Cur. 30 2<)O Silver Hill..- «6
?0C- Hale * Norc. 71 1 10O Union Con . . 90
S00 Hale & Norc. 78 J 30O Union Con .. K»
1M> Hale 4 Norc, 77 ICO Union Con .. RS
200 Julia 16 200 Utah 14'
i'l'O Mexican 1 So; POO Utah 15
.".00 Mexican 1 75 20O Yellow Jacket 42
300 Ophir ...'. 4 50 1 200 Yellow Jacket 4.1
SCO Ophlr 4 551 50 Yellow Jacket 45
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on th« Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
SCO Alpha Con .. 10 ! 400 Mexican ..:..! ?5
40O Alta lft 200 Ophlr 2 3ft
400 Andes 31; 60 Ophlr ' 4 23
100 Andes 33 50 Ophlr 4 4(>
SOO Andes ...:... 28; 500 Overman .:.. 2O
10O Belcher ..... 271 2Ort Overman .... 22
10O Caledonia ... W." 40O Potoal 2O>
100 Caledonia ... 05) 100 Savage M
ICO Chollar 21 j 2tx> Sierra Nev .. 85
600 Con C A Va.l CO! 400 Sierra Nev .." f6
100 Con C & V.I 57% [ 100 Sierra Nev .. «7
5CO Con N Y C6! 200 Union Con .. 84
3CO Gould & Cur. 36 ICO Utah l:t
ICO Hale & Norc. 63 200 Utah 1*
40O Justice 10 20O Yellow Jacket 3»
10O Lady Wash . . C3 ICO Yellow Jacket 40
Afternoon Session.
300 Andes 32 SCO Overman .... 23
200 Andes 33 60O Potosl 23
100 Caledonia ... 03 100 Savage 3w
20 Caledonia ..: 70 ICO Sierra NeT .. 6?
450 Chollar 23 ' 100 Sierra Nev . . e»
leOO Chollar 251 200 Sierra N«v. .. 7O>
I 100 Con C & Va.l 63 100 Silver Hill .. 63
10O Con C & Va.l 70' 100 Silver HH1 .. «7
25OO Con Imperial. r.V 100 Silver Kill ..65
500 Con NY..,. OS 100 Union Con .. S«
ICO Gould & Cur. 4<i\ 4C0 ITnion Con .. M
BOO Mexican 1 "C 100 ITnion Con .. OT •
600 Mexican ...1 77% 20O Union Con .. 8J»
35i> Oph'r 4 5ft. 2CO Union Con .. S9
10O Ophlr 4 60 40O Utah l.V
2C0 Ophlr ...4 SO ICO Yellow Jacket 43,
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sal«s on the San Frin-
Cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday;
Morning Session.
100 Gold Anchor.. 131 30O Ton Belmont. 67
100 Gold Anchor. 13 40O Ton Belmont. 66
100 Mont Ton.. 127% SCO Ton Belmont. 83.
100 Mijnt Ton -.1 3:) 2CO Ton Midway. 40.
2OW Rescue C6I 2C0 Ton of Nev. 5 -SO
10O Ton Belmont. «3i ICO Ton 2* Star.. 35 .
Afternoon Session.
COO Brunswick .. C«[ 400 Ton Midway. 40>
5<> MacNamara . 12 j 300 Ton Midway. 41
300 Ton Belmont. ti7l 300 Ton N Star..' W
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY. Jan. 21 — i p. m.
Bid. Ask. 1 BId.Ask.
Alpha C» 10 Justice ..:... 10 12
Alta 13 14 Km tuck 04 i\">
Andes 52 34 Ki-yes Graes.. — 1 75
Belcher 29 31 Lady Wash.. — Ort"
Best & Belch. 1 «3 1 75'jltxiean 1 80 1 85"
Bullioo 00 lOiOccidental ... 70 72
Caledonia ... 9-1 »7|Oihlr 4 70> 4 7s
Challenge Con 2* 2fi'Ov«rman .... 22 2t
Chollar . . 2tt 27iPctc»i 2a 2*
Confldence ... — 1 05 Savage ....;. SO et '
Con C & Va.l «53 1 "O'Storpion 03 r C3
Con Imperial. 0.1 04 F«a Belcher.. Oft 10
Con NY 07 O8jf»icrra Nev ..67 «»•
Crown Point. 24 26iSliverjHill ..-65 6S
Eaat Sierra N 05 — |S: Louis — 20
Eureka Con.. — SOiSyrdicato ... C4 o«
¦Exchequer 20 22»Un'on Con ..92 94,
Gould & Cur. 3S 40iUtat .... 14 m
Hai<- & Norc. 7« 8O Yellow Jacket 42 43
Julia 05 Oil . . .-<.
TONOPAH MINES.
Bid.Ask . Bid.Ask.
Colehan — 17 Paymaster . . — 09
Esperanza ... — 02 Kay A OBrlen C2 10
Gipsy Queen.. — 30'Rescue Ctt
Gold Anchor. 12 £3jTon Belmont. 63 7O
Gold M Con. — 10 Ton & Cal... — 23
Hannapah ... — SOJTonopah Ex.. 45 •
Hannapah Mu — 15 Ton Fraction. — 50
MacNamara . 10 13 1 Ton of Nev. 5 5O 6 00
Mlzpah Ex... 23 — [Ton N Star.. 33 33
Mont Ton ..1 25 1 30 1 Ton Midway. 40 —
N Y Ton — 05IUnlted Ton... CO 11
Supply of Bread stun 's.
I Canadian Pacific... 7,300 119% 118 118%
Cen of New Jersey. 200 1G3 162*4 162*4
Chesapeake & Ohio 5.200 :U 3 g 33'a 34*4
1 Chicago & Alton... 3,000 38% 37% 8S
1 Chi & Altcn pfd... 10.300 £5*4 84 85
i Chi Great Western. 2,GoO 17% 17% 17%
Chi G W B pfd 600 31 30 30%
Chicag-o & N "\Y... 2,400 169*4 1 ( J» 168^i
Chi Term & Trans. 1.400 11% ™*4 10%
Chi T & T pfd.... 2,500 24% 23% 23%
C. C, C & St Louis. 1,400 SO • 79»i 60*4
Colorado Southern. 1,900 18% IS 18%
Colo South 1st pfd. 1,000 5S 57 57?i
Colo South 2d pfd.. 2.S00 27 T 6 27 27%
Delaware & Hudssn S00 16S 167% 1B7%
Del. Lark & West 272
Denver & Rio G 2,«0O 23 22%' 22%
Den & Rio G pfd.. 60i) 72*4 72 72
Erie 12.400 28*4 2« l i 28%
Erie 1st pfd 4,100 09** 68% CS%
Erie 2d pfd S00 4S!» 48*4 <S l *
Great Northern pfd 270 '
Hocking Valley 400 '.i% 74% 74%
Hocking Val pfd... 400 84*4 84% SZ^
Illinois Central 8.800 1ZS% 133V* 133%
Iowa Central : 21%
Iowa Central pfd.. 4<*> 41*i 40% 40%
K C Southern ICO 21 2O«4 21
K C Southern pfd.. I.IOO 3SU 37*4 3S',%
Louis & Nash 9.700 111 109*j HOT,
Manhattan L 8,300 145 T i 145 145%
Metropolitan St Ry. 1,100 123's 122% 123
Minn & St Louis 66
Missouri Pacific 24.500 »4vs 93% 94%
Mo, Kan i- Texas.. 4,000 19 18 18
M. K & T pfd 4.7O0 42 40*4 41%
NU R R Mex pfd.. 700 39% 39 39*4
New York Central. 2.100 129^ 120 120*4
Norfolk & Western. lfi.SOO 61 5S r 4 60%
Nor & West pfd 87
Nor Pecuntie? 91 Vi
Ontario & Western. 3.900 23 22% 22^
Pennsylvania S3, 400 122" 120U 121*i
P. C. C & St L... 100 64 64 H4%
Reading 31,700 47*4 46% 47
Reading 1st pM 200 79*4 79»4 79 s i
Reading 2d pfd. ..* 61
Rock Island Co 64,600 2574 24*4 25%
Rock Island Co pfd. 21, 000 -GSM, 63% «7T4
StL & t^F 1st pfd 67%
PtL & £F 2d pfd.. 2.300 47 44% 46%
St Louis S W »00 15% 15U 15%
Pt\LocJs 6 W pfd.. 4.90O 3B . 35 35*,
gj £ a ui 26.400 146% 145'4 146%
Ft Paul pfd '.-. ..... 179
Southern Pp.einc... 4R.100 52 5u% 51%
Southern Railway. . ld.000 22% 21% 22%
Southern P.y pfd... 5.»«K> 84% S0' t 8.P4
Texas. & Pacific 3,300 27- 26% 26%
T. St L & W 700 28V4 27% 2«%
T. .St L 4L- W pfd.. 600 39 3S% 38 'i
I'nion Pacific 52.2O0 81% SOii 81 v.
I'nmn Pacific pfd.. 3no floi* I 9OU 90*4
A\ abash 1.100 20% 20% 20%
Wabash pfd 4,700 39*g .38% 3fi%
Wheeling & L B.. 1.90ft I8V4 . 17% ] 8 *
Wisconsin Central. 5,500 21% 20% 21*4
WIs Central nfd... 1.900 47*4 461? 47L*
Express Companies —
Adams ..... .... .... •^o
American ..... ....' ".'.'. T5o
fnited States ""*" ij^
Wells-Fargo ...'. ' .... 205
; Miscellaneous — r
Amalgam Copper.. 4S.7OO 51 1' , 49% 51%
Am Car & Fdry.,. 1,900 20% 19% 19«
Am C & F pfd.... 800 70 69*4 69v4
Am Linseed Oil *
Am L:n Oil pfd 200 28- 2s" 28%
Am Locomotive 3.0f0 18% 1734 jrvT
Am Locomotv pfd. l.SOO 78Vi 77% 78
Am Pmelt & Ref.. 1,4<(O 4» 48% 48 T 4
Am S & R pM.... 300 91 00% 90%
Am Surar R»f 21,900 127% 125 127
Anaconda Min Co. 300 76 76 76U
Brooklyn Rap Trn. 18.400 51 49 U 60*4
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 900 31 30 ' 29 'I
Colum & H Coal.. 200 15V4 14*4 13
Consolidated Gas.. 1.400 194^4-193% 194%
General Electric... 2.000 17S -'173% 177
InterriHtr.l Paper. . 2..VK) 13 12% f>Ti
Internl Paper pfd.. 2.20O 67 66*4 66U
Internatni Pump * 30
InterrsI Piimj) Dfd ¦ . ;.-, 71
National Biscuit... 1.100 38T4 39 si 3914
National Lead..... 1.100 16% 10 i<5
North American... 600 88% 87*4 87%
Pacific Mnll 1.300 32% 31 31
Peoples Gas 2.800 B9Vi »8% 19
Pressed Stf*l Car.. 600 29'. 29*i V9*i
Pressed S Car pfn.. 2OO 70 70 6»V4
Pullman Pal Car.. 100 216 216 "15
Republic Steel 1.900 7% 714 7%
Republic Steel pfd. 3,700 4«' 43 45%
Rubber Good* 6,'CO 21 19% 20»i
Rubbsr Gocds pfd.. 200 77% 77' 77
Tenn Coal & Iron.. 3.000 39% 38% 38 *i
U S Lfather...... • 800 1% 7% 8%
TJ R Leather pfd... 2,000 7«% 77% 78V,
U S Rubber 1,000 13T4 13 H 13%
IT S Uubt^T j.fd... JJOO 4»»I 4S*i 41)
" S Pteel 26.300 11% livj 11%
U S Steel pfd 32,300 M 57% 6f»%
Western Union.... $00 SS*£ 8S , bSU
Total salts 962,500 Bhares.'
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NKW YORK. .Tan. 21.— Bond transaction of
United Railrneds of 8an Francisco: 33,000 at
$7"J 50, 70O0 at «7D 73. 25,000 at $80.
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY.
American Can Company — Common, bid 4.
asked 4'£; preferred, bid :"]%, asked 34*4.
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg. .IC5V4 [Louis & N uni 4s 99%
Do coup 1C5V* Manhattan c g 4s. 10;;'
1>> 3s rtg 106 Mm Cent 4s 70U,
Do coup 106% Dc 1st inc .. IsC
Do n-w 4s reK.m2«i Minn i St L 4s. 07
Do coup 133V4 |M. K & Tex 4s. . . OS
Dr. oM 4s reg. 107% I Do 2ds 60
!>o coup 107% |NR of Mex con 4s 96%
Do 5s rr-S ..:.. 101*4 NYC gen 3Vis.. 9S%
Do. coup 10U4 N J C gen 5s.... 131
Aict* «r«-n 4s ... 9f»T<> Nor Pac 4s .... 103
!*•> ndit 4b .... S9',4; Do 3s 72?;
Al. antic C L 4a. 9-T |Xor & W con 4s. »7V4
P.slto * O 4s ...101%jOSL 4s & partic. 93
Do 3%* »5V<IPa conv 3%s 9H
Cent of Gn 5s.. 1 OU *4 1 Reading K en 4s... 9C%
Do 1st inc 70 SL4IM con Ea.113
n-.fs & O 4%*..10:ti4!8 L & S F fg 4«. 84
Cni * Alton 3%b. 7«%|St Louis SW lsts. 94
C n & Q n 4s.. 92% Seaboard A L 4s. 66*i
! C M & S P K 4«.100t; So Pacific 4s. S9%
: Cb: & N W c 7b.10:J% So Railway r»s...ll.i2
C It 1 & P n R 4s 74% Tex & Pac lsts..lir,
Do col Rs 84 iT. Rt L & W 4s.. 71
C C r. & & L g 4s M% Union Pac 4s 1O2V5
Chi Term 4s ... Sl*4 Do oonv 4s 08%
Con Tobacci 4s.. C9% U a Steel 2d 5s.. 74%
Colt> & Po 4s ... fW% Wabaeh lets llBu
Denver & R G 4s. 97TU Do deb B 65»i
Erie prior lien 4s. 0S% W & L Erie 4s.. fil
Dr. Gen 4« K5*4 Wis Cent 4s 90
Ft W & D C lsts. 10!% Colo F conv 5*.. 72
Hocking Val 4Vis.1O5
! new york: mining stocks.
A4sms Con 10 Little Chief C6
A-Mcc 27 Ontario 6 00
Urcoce 10 Ophlr 4 50
Bruns Con * 05 Phoenix 13
Cr,m Tunnel . .:.. W Potosl /.... 25
Con Cal & Va... 1 70 Savage 6»
Horn Silver I 05 Sierra Nev 75
Iron Hllvcr 1 25 Bmall Hopes 20
Loadvilie Con O2ll=tandard * 1 00
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS*
[ Money— Westing Com. ... 84
! £a» loans 2%@4*4 Mining—
1 Time loans.... 4%®5 Adventure .... "U
; B«nds— Allouea 4^
! At"hison 4s .'.... DS% Amil Copper 51
Railroads— . Bingham 23%
At f\^ s °" J»% Calumet & Hecla.44l
n Do Vt& 3014 Centennial 10%
Boeton & AIbany.245 Copper Range 45%
i Borton & Malne.168 Dom Coal ..68
Boston Elev ..140 Franklin -* KSi
n y n h & H..m5vi i»ip &¦.::::: | H
; Fltrhburg pfd ... ,130 Mohawk 38*i
l.nlon Pacific 81 1* old Dominion 11%
M« Central I2%!Osceola ........ CO%
Miscellaneous— rParrot •%
Amer Sugar 127 ..'..'.'.!!*" 02U
D° pfd 124*4 Santa Fe Copper' 2
Amer Tel & Tel. .126 Tamarack .110
Dom Iron & S... 81J Trinity V . "5
Gen Electric 17a United -States.'.".'! 21*4
Ma*a Electric... 21% TTtah ......;. 23%
Do nfd 79i/ 4 Victoria........ 31I
United Fruit.... JS . Winor.a .. os?
U S Steel 11% Wolverine ...'.'.'.' 72?
Dd pfd . 5S%
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Cons, for money.SS 3.1CfX Y Central I23*i
Do for acct...; SSV t Nor * West.. C0*l
Anaconda ....... 3T4 Do pfd. 90
Atchlson 7OV4 Ont & West..:... 23
Da Pfd. 02*4 Pennsylvania .... 61%
Bal A Ohio...... 83 Rand Mines flaj
Can Paciuc ..,..121% Heading ........ 24%
WHEAT — Continued good crop prospects
keep the foreign markets stationary. The gen
eral conditions of the prospective supply will
be seen in the flrst column.
Chicago declined frcm 92%c to 9Q%c and re
covered to 92c. Armour's operations keep all
traders guessing.
In this markSt futures were lower, as will'
be seen. The cash era in remained unchanged
and was reported in fair movement for milling
and lecdiiig account, with the shippers doing
nothing.
CASH WHEAT.
-California Club. $1 38%@i 42*4; California
White Australian, $1 45@1 50; Northern Club.
$1 SS%<^1 41 Vi; Northern Bluestem. $1 47*40
1 60; Oregon Valley. $1 40.
, FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. ra.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May $1 3SV4 $130 $1 381-4 $1 38>i
2 p. m. Session.
Open. High. Low.' Close.
May $1 3SVi $1 3SV4 $1 SS^t $1 38!«
BARLEY — The market continues unchanged
and quiet all around.
CASH BARLEY. . #
Feed. *l C7V4S1 HVi: Shipping and Brew
ing. $1 .1501 17V4: Chevalier. $1 17*£@1 40 for
fair to choice.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May ?1 l««i $1 06?; $! 06% $1 06%
- 2 p. in. Session.
May— $1 06V4.
OATS— The market shows no particular
change. "Black are lower on the inside quo
tation, with a marked falling off In the de
mand of late. They are now largely on a feed
ba3ls, as there Is no longer any seed demand
except In a retail way. ¦»
Whitp. SI 20ST 35: Black. $1 25@1 55; Red.
$1 20® 1 32V. for feed and $1 25^1 35 for teed;
Gray. $1 32«,a-
CORN— The market rules quiet, with larger
ofCerinss. and prices show no change worthy
of remark.
¦\\Vstern sacked. $1 25@1 27% for Yellow
SI 25(31 T,\<2 for White and $1 22% for
Mixed; California large Yellow. $1 32%; small
round do $1 40<al .">(); White. $1 r!5 per ctl"
Egyptian.' $1 45(51 55 for white and $1 25 for
browi.
RYE— $1 25J?1 30 per ctl. , '
BUCKWHEAT— $1 75@2 per ctl.
Wheat and Other Grains.
APPLES — $1 25@1 75 for fancy, 75c@$l for
choice and 35<5G0c for common.
PEARS— Winter Nellis from cold storage,
$1 75<g2 'ner box.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. $1 50@2
per box Jor fancy. $1 2531 75 for choice and
75c{j$l for standards; Seedlings, 50c<S$l;
Tangerines, 5Oc#$l per box: Japanese Man
darins. 75c@$l for half boxes; Lemons, $1 73
02 50 for -fancy. $1 25igl 50 for choice and
75c@$l for standard; Grape Fruit. $1Q2; Mex
ican Limes. $4@4 50; Bananas, $1@2 per bunch
for Hawaiian and $"ff?2 50 for Central Amer
ican; Pineapples, $1 5002 50 per dozsn.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
The cold weather continued to restrict local
trade in Citrus truits and buyers were - taking
only enough to meet immediate requirements.
. There was absolutely nothing doing in the
- shipping line. Outgoing steamers took out
¦ some small shipments of Oranges for Honolulu
and British Columbia, which had been pur
chased at the auction sales and in the open
; market early in the week. It Vs stated that
the large packing houses In the south have
notified growers to cease picking Oranges, as
the fruit is accumulating at shipping points
owing to the scarcity of cars and the over
. stacked condition of the Eastern markets.
¦ Only four cars of Oranges are announced Tor to-
I day's auction.
• Trade in Apples was quieter than usual. r.e
' taller^ being apparently well supplied. Prices,
! however, were unchanged, as most dealers were
of the opinion that the lull in the demand was
only temporary. Pears, Bananas and Pine
apples were unchanged.
CHICAGO, Jan. 21.— The day was one of
marked activity and excitement in the wheat
pit. An ominous lull pervaded the pit at the
start. Opening quotations were steady. May
being *4c higher to hie lower at 91%c to 92V t c.
Trading was barely under way, however, when
a general selling movement began in the July
delivery. The cause of the sudden activit> in
this option wa» the relief from drought ex
perienced by tl\e growing crop In the South
west, where copious rains were reported. With
the heavy selling in July small holders in
May decided to secure profits before it was
too late. As a result general liquidation en
sued. The leaders of the longs bought openly
in an effort to stem the tide, but offerings
were too liberal, and before the break had
been checked May had declined to 9l>*ac, a
low cf l%c from the -high point. July was
much weaker than May .and sold from 83%c
to 84 ] /«c at the opening down to Kl a i<\ a sheer
drop of 2*6c. With May at 'M%c early 'short
sellers began to buy and the market gradu
ally recovered. Commissinn houses and local
traders were liberal buyers the latter part cf
the day and May regained all of its early
loss, the price again touching IC/Jc Just before
the close. Final figures were at 1»1%©02c.
July did not rfsrwnd to the improved senti
ment as readily as the nearby delivery and
Closed with n lo*s of li£c at S3%c. .
Chicago Grain Market.
APRICOTS— Are |n light demand, but are
firmly held, with choice quoted at fl*i@9!-jc;
extra choice. 9%(glOUe; fancy. Il{fl5c.
PEACHES — Are moving a little better and
rule steady, with choice quoted, at 7*4©7%c;
extra choice, 7}«6Sc; fancy, 9@lCc.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market shows
the effect of rather indifferent demand, though
no changes are reported In the quoted range.
Common are quoted at 4@5c: prime, 5*4@0*4o;
choice. 5 J .4<S«c; fancy. (i',A@7c.
PRUNES — Are quiet and barely steady at
quotations ranging from U'ic to Clic for all
grades. ¦
PETROLEUM— Steady.
COFFEE— Spot Rio, firm; No. 7 invoice, 83
8*<ic; mild, steady: Cordova, 8*£@13Vic Coffee
futures closed steady at a net advance of 10
to 15 points. Total sales, 143,000 bags, includ
ing: January, 7.45c: February. 7.5."c: March,
7.C0c to 7.75c; April. 7.75c; July. S.C5@S.10c;
October. 8.C."i«a8.7Cc.
SUGAR — Raw, nominal; fair . refining,
2 27-32c: centrifugal. 06 test. 3 11 -32c; molasses
sugar, 2 19-32c; refined was dull.
DRIED FRUITS.
WHEAT — Receipts, 7S0O bushels; exports,
31,000 bushels. Spot was steady. No. 2 red,
94c elevator and 95c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
Northern Duluth, $1.00*4 f. o. b. afloat. Op
tions experienced a severe and unexpected
break this morning under heavy selling on
stop-loss orders and bearish weather and ca
ble news. Later, however, they rallied on re
newed bull suport at Chicago and general cov
ering, with the close relatively strong at %c to
"4c net decline. May, 0'2\i,<U0'^%c. closed at
93*4c; July. SG%@SS%c. closed at SS^c
HOPS— Steady.
HIDES— Firm.
. w Kj\j l* ' ™ l* Irm, >
NEW YORK. Jan. 21.— FLOUR— Receipts.
20.4"J7 barrels; exports, 25.900 barrels. Market
dull and unsettled, demand being checked by
the wheat break. . -
New York Grain and Produce.
The feature of the market yesterday was
the declaration of a dividend of 25c by the
Ophir Mining Company, the flrst since Janu
ary 12, 1SS0. twenty-four years ago. It
amount* to $25,200. Thj? previous dividend, a
qvexter of a century ago. was at the rate of
$1 per share. The. company now has about
$17,000 In the treasury, with seven car loads
of high grade ore now on the way o£. In pro
cess of sale. Twenty-four years is a long time
between dividends but better late than never.
On the Bond Exchange business was very
light In the morning, but picked up consid
erably in the afternoon. Alaska Packers weak
ened 01T again dropping to $142. There were
sales of Giant Powder at $62#62 50. rising
figures, and among the unlisted securities $50.-
OUO United Railroad 4s sold at $80. These
bonds have been steadily rising of late and
current gossip has It that the old weak hold
ings have been transferred to stronger hands.
There was nothing new In the mining and
oil stocks. The latter were very dulL
The annual meeting of the stockholders of
the Savings and Loan Society has been called
for January 26.
The North Bonanza Mining Company of
Storey County, Nev.. has levied an assessment
of 10 cents per share, delinquent March 1.
Illinois Crude Oil Company declared tts first
monthly dividend of l*ic per share January
14. the amount being $2500. 1
1901 Oil Company, a West Side company,
has levied assessment No. 3 of He per share,
to' become delinquent February 1.
Tonopah Midway Mining Company has re
cently changed Its capital stock from 750,000
shares to 1,000.000 shares.
Shenandoah C. M. M. Co. of California on
January 14 levied assessment No. 21 of 2c per
share, amounting to $4000. to become delin
quent on the Tonopah board February 13.
At the regular annual meeting of the stock
holders of the Central Trust Company the fol
lowing directors were elected: Charles Webb
Howard. George C. Perkins, Mark L. Gerstle.
E. A. Denicke. O. A. Hale. F. W. Dohrmann,
Frank J. Symmes. Horace L. Hill. Henry
Brunned. C. C. Moore and W. A. Frederick. An
auditing committee composed of George W.
Bauer. Albert G. Wleland: and Fred B. Jansen
was also elected. The directors have organ
ized by electing Frank J. Symmes president.
Horace Hill and O. A. Hale vice presidents and
Henry Brunner cashier. The net profits for
the year amounted to $30,923 W. It is pro
posed to pay semi-annual dividends on March
1 and September 1 at the rate of 3 per c«nt
per annum. ,
The Ophir Mining Company
Dec/ares a Dividend.
The Indian Government has purchased since
October S10.0CO.OCO in silver, and it is expected
will buy $7,500,000 more in the next four
months. The metal will be turned Into rupees
at a profit of $10,500,000 to the Indian Govern
ment.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.,. . — $4 84
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 .su-%
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 si%
New York Exchange, sight ..•. . — 12%
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — , 15
Silver, per ounce — 56%
Mexican Dollars, nominal < 45 © .40
Silver advanced *ic. No other changes.
Exchange and Bullion.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Wall-street stocks several points higher and firm.
, Local slocks and bonds much quieter.
' Silver advanced slightly. Exchange rates unchanged.
Plenty of Wheat in sight all over the zvorld.
Barley, Oats and Corn quiet, with little variation.
Lima Beans again advanced, owing to insufficient rain.
Quotations for Hay and Feedstuff s as before.
Butter steady, Cheese a drug and Eggs selling fairly.
Hams and Bacon dull and the latter lower. Lard higher.
No further development in the Hop market.
Mutton still firm. Plenty of Hogs coming in.
Potatoes and Onions firm under moderate supplies.
Poultry weakening under increased receipts. Game unchanged.
Citrus Fruits still quiet, owing to the cold iveather.
Oranges continue to accumulate at southern rail points.
STOCK MARKET.
LOCAL • MARKETS.
Ches & Ohio 34% I Do 1st pfd 40
Chi Great West. 108 Do 2d pfd 31"6
Chi. Mil & St P.149Vi So Railway 22«,
De Boers 20 Do pfd 82Mi
Den & Rio G.... 2-iYs So FaciJle .. 52%
Do prd 73% Union racific 82*,
Erie 29»J Do pfd itt
Do 1st pfd 71% U S Steel 11*4
Do 2d pfd 40*4 Do pfd fi9%
111 Central 130H Wabash 21
Louis & Nash... 112*4 Do pfd 40
M. K & Tex.... 18^8
Bar silver— Steady, 20V4d per ounce.
Money— 2*4 per cent. ;
The rate of discount yi the open market for
short bills is S*(,@3Vi per cent and for three
months' bills 3^4 per cent.
.LONDON. Jan. 21. — The offerings at the wool
auction sales to-day numbered 74,400 bales, in
cluding a large' selection of superfine scoureds
and greasies. Bidding was animated and
prices advanced sharply. , Merinos were firm
land In- active request for all sections, Cross
brc-ds were steadily absorbed. Americans buy-
Ing a few tine lots, and also several parcels of
Geeiong greasy.
London Wool Sales.
Flour qr sks .. 1«."92 Short's sks 120
Wheat, ctls ....,• 2.3CO Tallow, ctls ... 249
Barley ctls .... 8,776 Pelt*. No. 75
Oats, ctls 20 Hides. No. 1.131
Corn. East.' ctls.- "SCO Sugar, ctls 3.000
Beans. - sks .... 2.270 Quicksilver. Oka 60
Potatoes sks . . 4,000 Leather, rolls . . 150
Middlings sks.. 10 Wine, gals 90.100
Hay. tons 286 Brandy, gals .. 2. COO
Straw, tons-.... 24 Paper, ream*... <K5
Feed, sks 27 Lime, bbls 420
OREGON.
Flour qr sks .. 6.50S! Onions, sks 431
Oats, ctls 1,675 Bran, sks 3.2C0
Potatoes sks .. "4.383 1 Middlings, sks.. 430
FOR THURSDAY. JANUARY 21
Receipts- of Produce.
. The demoralization in Cheesa continues, and
i some sales were made yesterday an low as
1 7Vic I though this figure represented poor
Cheese. Most dealers are predicting still lower
{ prices.
I Butter rules steady. Fine creameries are
[in light supply, as receipts from the north
I are down to practically nothing, and the cold
j weathei has cut down the production in Marln
: County. - Prices remain as before.
• Receipts were-au.OCO lbs Butter. 071 cases
Eggs and i 43.2C0 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery, ?JQ'-iQc for extras and
25®^TWiC -tor seconds; dairy. 18@22c; store But
': ter, nominal; cold storage, 1S'j'_'-c per lb for
I ordinary and T2 l A'a-lc for extras..
; CHEESE— lie for the general market, 11*4®
¦ 12c for select mild new and S@10c for lower
1 grades; Young Americas, 11® 12c; Eastern.
I5(fil«c; Western. 14@15c :>er lb.
EGGS — Ranch. 22M>g23c for choice to fancy
and 22c for small and mixed colors; store,
22@22Vic; cold storage, lS@10c.
A demand for store Eggs for shipment to the
north and the Territories on yesterday's steam
er has; hardened, this : description and nothing
was quoted undtr 22c yesterday. There is no
call Xor ranch, however, and they continue
easy, though they are selling fairly since the
decline, as already mentioned. Stocks are
large "and- receipt* liberal. The shipments -on
the. northern . steamer averaged 21c, and there
wore 50 cases ror Honolulu, also manifested
at 21c.
Butter, Cheese and Egg*.
English Snipe, $3: common Snipe. $1 £0; Wild
Doves. $1 25: Babbits. $2 for Cottontails and
$1 25 for ' Brush; Hare. $1 25®1 50. '
dlum grades! combing- and- clothlnir." 17@21c;
light fine, 15®17c; heavy, 12'®li^c;tub washed
20021c. ' ;
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY /. 22, 1904.
St. Louis Wool Market.
BT. LOUIS. Jan. 21.— WOOL— Nominal. ¦ Me-
PORTLAND, Jan. 21. — Wheat— "Walla Wal
la, 73c ; blust'm. 78c : valley, 7S@S0c. ' * The
total wheat shipments from this port for the
week ending to-day were 144,009 bushels.
WASHINGTON. ,
TACOMA. Jan. 21. — Wheat, unchanged.
Bluestem. 80c; club. 70c. . , - ~ •
OREGON 1 .
Northern Wheat Market.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
15
AUCTION SALES
THE AUCTIONEER. THAT'S ALL.
-AT AUCTION.
CONTENTS ENTIRE HOUSE AND UPRIGHT
PIANO.
1S26 GOZASSr OATS AVENUE
Between Webster and Flllmor*.
TO-DAV. FRIDAY. January 22. 1904.
11 o'clock a. m. • ¦ ,
I am ordered to sell to the highest bidder,
without reserve or limit.
Costly mahogany Davenports, divans, largs
parlor mirror, carpets, curtains, iron and brass
beds, bedding, pa.rr.or cabinets, vases, center
tables. Grand sale.
A. H.ANDERSON, the Auctioneer
Having secured the premises et 19. TURK ST..
NEAR MARKET where be will have a sales-
room that Is unsurpassed, as well as 400O
square feet of storage room, is now prepared
to receive consignments of FURNITURE etc..
and will buy. sell and exchange UP-TO-DATE
FURNITUBE. CARPETS. ETC. Lodging-
houses bought, sold and exchanged. Present
offlc* room 26. 806 Market st.; tel. Main 1S53.'ADAMS' Irish Moss Cough Balaam the safe,
sure and guaranteed cure. ¦ 25c, 60c Druggists. * ,
Mrs. Lou F.Vernon secured a war
rant from Police Judge Cabaniss yes
terday for the arrest of Mrs. "Jane
Doe" Armstrong on a charge of petty
larceny. Mrs. Vernon said that she
and her husband arrived from Sacra
mento ; on Wednesday and went to
Mrs. Armstrong's lodging-house, 30S
Will Not Refund Coin.
Quedens Disappears Mysteriously.
The disappearance of Edward J.
Quedens has been reported to the po
lice and Detective Ed Gibson has been
detailed on the case. Quedens was
employed as a ¦ collector- for the Von.
Rhein -Real. Estate Company, arid left
the office last Saturday afternoon at
3 o'clock. That was the last seeen or
heard of hirri. : H's employers say t
his accounts are all straight. At ; his
home, '2318 Bryant street!, It is
thought he has gone away with some
woman. His; best suit. of; clothes and
his brushes and other personal effects
are ; missing,- andT it is presumed . he
took them with him. '
The first joint of the left forefinger
of Lindskog was cut off in a machine
that he was operating. He alleged
that the machine was out of order
and that his Injury was due to the
negligence of the company.
The trial of the case of Ernest B.
Lindsjcog against the American Can
Company to recover $10,000 for. per
sonal injuries came to an end yester
day in the United States Circuit Court
by the jury disagreeing. The foreman
informed the court that the Jury stood
ten to twoand that, there was no hope
of getting. the ten obstinate Jurors to
change their minds. They were dis
charged.
Llndskog Jury Disagrees.
Literary pnd . Social Organization
Plants First Milepost in 'Its Ca
reer With Congratulations.
The Royal Stags, an organization
of bright young men, who have asso
ciated themselves for mental improve
ment and social enjoyment, celebrat
ed their first anniversary last evening
with a banquet and literary exercises."
The Royal Stags have at recent meet
ings, in addition" to musical render
ings, engaged in the discussion of se
rious topics, among them .being the
action of the Government of the Unit
ed States in relation to the independ
ence of the republic of Panama. Last
evening was given over to solid en
joyment and congratulations concern
ing the success of the organization.
The members who responded to toasts
.were. Charles E. Naylor Jr., Walter K.
•Wilson, Edgar Owen, Wayne Corbin,
Alonzo Moffatt, Wilber Jackson. Wal
lace Hussey. William McDaniel, Rob
ert Christie Jr., David H. Walker Jr.
and Lewis F. Haloran.
The annual meeting of the mem
bers of the Underwriters' Fire Patrol
was held yesterday afternoon. The
old board of directors and' officers
were re-elected, as follows: William
MacDonald, president; John Scott
Wilson, vice president; Rudolph Her
old Jr., secretary and treasurer; B.
Faymonville, I. L. Bromwell, George
W. Spencer, V. Cams Drlffield, di
rectors. The patrol operates three
stations in this city and county a/id
now enters upon the thirtieth year of
Its existence. The board * directors
of the patrol also have charge of the
Fire Underwriters Inspection Bureau,
an institution supported by the fire
underwriters for the prevention of
fires.
Underwriters' Patrol Oflicers.
KOYAIi STAGS OBSERVE
AXXIVEHSAItY HAPPILY
The .United States Civil Service
Commission announces an examina
tion on February 17 at San Francisco
to ;fill eighteen vacancies in the po
sition of copyist (male), at $900 per
annum in the Bureau of Pensions.
Age limit, 25 to 30 years. Only grad
uates of recognized medical schools
may be examined. This examination
is held to establish a register of eli
gibles with a knowledge of medicine.
Apply to the United States Civil Ser
vice Commission, Washington, D. O..
or to the secretary. Consolidated
Board of Civil Service Examiners. 301
Jackson street, San Francisco, for ap
plication form 1312, which should be
properly executed and filed with the
commission at Washington.
Cheap Doctors Wanted.
Garnett Writ Dismissed.
The application for a writ of habeas
corpus for the release of Alexander
B. Garnett. charged with the murder
of Major J. W. McClung, was denied
by Judge Lawlor yesterday. The
Judge, however, agreed to the sugges
tion of Garnetfs attorney that an
other application be made containing
h transcript of all the evidence taken
at the preliminary ¦ examination, and
it was made returnable to-morrow.
The Monitor's superb jubilee edition
now r«»ady to mail to your friends. 10c
copy. Postage 5c extra; foreign. 10c. •
Gas her.ters. formerly J4.50. now 52.50,
at Gar. Francisco Gas and Electric Com
pany. 416 Post strept. •
Pleads Guilty to Assault.
Thomas J. Kenny, who was charged
with an assault with a deadly weapon,
was allowed to plead guilty to simple
assault before Judge Cook yesterday
and was sentenced to pay a fine of
$50, with the alternative of serving
twenty-five days in the County Jail.
On August 19 he hit H. Slemmer of
25% Steuart street on the head with
a beer glass, cutting his scalp.
STOCXHOl.V, J. n. Jl.— Tha festivities in
honor «t the meinattj-OOil birthday of King Os
«-8v t*-Ran today with special -Ferric?*! in all
the churches. Th? «-ity was profusely Jeco
ratfJ. Th»- municipal authorities presented
nbout (44,000 toward the Kind's juhil^e fund
lor the indigent consumptives of Stockholm.
A mass-meeting under the auspices
of the Postal Progress League was
hejd at the Alhambra Theater last
night, and resolutions advocating a
change in the existing parcels post
regulations adopted. Governor Pardee,
who was expected to preside" at the
meeting, was unable to be present, and
Hugh Craig, former president of the
Chamber of Commerce, acted in his
stead. Mr.. Craig intrpduced Benjamin
Ide Wheeler, president of the Univer
sity of California, who spoke in part
as follows:
"This Is the beginning of a new
movement, and at present the work is
purely educational. The. present arbi
trary rules of the Government regard
ing the rates in parcels are an injury
to the people. I could never under
hand why, when the Government
went into the business of handling
packages, it should say 'thus far shalt
thou go arid no further.' Germany and
England carry packages cheaply and
we carry them at the same rate at this
end, but why should we not carry them
at the same rates for ourselves."
PEOPLE'S INTERESTS.
The speaker said that some persons
had dissented with his views, stating
that it would-be impossible to carry on
such an enterprise without official cor
ruption. In reply he stated that the
United States Government is at pres
ent successfully conducting the Treas
ury at Washington and that the recent
postal scandals may not have- been as
black: as they were painted. In con
clusion the speaker said: "The inter
ests represented here are . pre-emi
nently the people's interests. The fruit
may not be borne in this year or the
next, but it is bound to come."
Edward Berwick, president of the
league, was the next speaker. He ex
hibited a number of charts comparing
the rates of postage on parcels in for
eign countries with those of the United
States. His figures showed that the
rates in all the countries named were
much lower than in the United States
and that also heavier packages were
permissible.
RESOLUTION'S ADOPTED.
Others followed in a similar vein,
and a committee consisting of Messrs.
R. B. Halo and Fred Dohrmann was
appointed on finance, after which the
following resolution was adopted:
'Whereas, In the matter of a domes
tic and foreign parcels post the United
States lags much behind many other
countries; and, whereas, although
various bills have been introduced into
Congress looking to the removal ofthis
reproach and the inauguration of an
up-to-date domestic parcels post ser
vice, no . action has - yet been taken,
be it : , • , ¦ . ,
"Resolved, By this mass-meeting of
American citizens, convened at the Al
hambra Theater in San Francisco, this
21st day of January, 1904, that we re
spectfully urge our Senators and
Representatives in. Congress, ; now as
sembled,, to take- such steps as shall
insure the speedy establishment of a
domestic parcels post system, as rapid,
efficient and- cheap as any extant in
the. world. Be it further
"Resolved, That this meeting calls on
the President and Postmaster Genera!
to use the power already vested in them"
to enter into parcels post conventions
with " all : foreign lands j willing to be
come parties -to such conventions on
the same .terms as other, members of
the Universal Parcels Post Union."
Passes Fictitious . Clipck.
• Otto Ryst Jr., ;.vho is connected with
the "firm of Gantner & : Mattern, 20
Post' street, secured a warrant from
Police Judge Cabaniss yesterday for
the arrest of Elmer E. : Emery on a
charge r of passing a J fictitious' check!
He said, that : he; had j known Emery
for some years and when, Emery call
ed upon him on December -23 and ask
ed him to cash a check for $30 drawn
on the First National Bank and bear
ing the signature of Rufus H. Hawes
he had no hesitation in doing so. -The
check was worthless. Detective Whit
aker. who has charge . of the case,
says that Emery has been .victimizing
a number, of his friends .in the same
way.. 'Emery's- father, : who died re
cently, used to be in; business on Cal
ifornia street. .
- Some very ' swell wedding .' Invitation* •: come
from ' Knowlee. 21 Second street. r - Main 59S. "¦'.•
The record of marine insurance for
the same period is as follows: Amount
written, $210,363,724; premiums,
$1,510,817; losses paid, $1,024,504.
According to data being gathered
by the State Insurance Commission,
the total amount of fire insurance
written in California during 1903 was
5520,908,005, of which California
companies wrote $38,016,SS7, Ameri
can companies $254,306,904 and for
eign companies $228,584,214. The
premiums on the same were as fol
lows: California companies $669,
681 04, American companies $4,032,
851 03 and foreign companies $3,553,
970 26, or a total of $8,256,502 33. The
total losses paid amounted to $4,335,
059 94 and was divided as follows:
California companies $3,15,596 93.
American companies $2,121,044 39
and foreign companies $1,898,418 62.
The records for the life insurance
companies' business in this State dur
ing 1903' is as follows: Number of
new policies written 73,845. amount
ing to $60,980,304; premiums paid
$2,457,331; policies renewed, 145,852;
amount?, $183,055,346; premiums,
$6,94S,17S; losses paid, $3,015\58S.
cerning Business for Last
Twelve 3Ionths.
State Commission Gathers Data Con-
"Dowie has $25,000,000 of property in
his own name in that place," '.said
Craig, "and on every dollar spent there,
he gets 10 per cent. He, has too good a
thins of it not to return to this coun
try. . I wish I was as ."sure^of getting
half a million as I am f of recovering
from Dowie the money I loaned him in
good faith, the obligation for repay
ment of which he seeks to repudiate. *v
When the Sonoma pulled out into the
stream yesterday and headed for the
Golden Gate, Dowie stood on the
promenade .deck of the vessel and
waved his hat to those assembled, on
the dock. He took the parting cheers
of the crowds to passengers as a fare
well for himself, whereas, as a matter
of fact, five of his deacons were the
only ones to bid him adieu.
Hugh Craig stated yesterday that he
had no fear that he will not recover
his money. He says he is certain of se
curing a judgment against Dowie, and
that it will be collected in Zion City,
Illinois. .
Captain C. F. Herriman of the So
noma says he will maintain discipline
among his passengers on the voyage to
Honolulu; and if there is any trouble
he will take a hand in the matter.
The suit of Hugh Craig, the insurance
man who desires to recover the sum
of $1700 from Dowie for money ad
vanced to him some years ago, did t not
worry "Elijah" or delay his de
parture. >?Co steps were taken to get
Dowie to put up bonds before he left
the country. .
CRAIG WILL GET HIS MONEY.
to the prophet of Zion City. Lively
times are likely to take place on the
Sonoma before the vessel reaches the
Hawaiian Islands. Dowie has no love
for the Salvation Army, and he takes
every opportunity of denouncing Gen
eral Booth and his followers.
The Salvation lads and lasses who
sailed on . the Sonoma declared that
Dowie an.d his deacons were "brands
to be plucked from the burning fire,"
and announced their intention of win
ning the Elijah and his staff from their
path of money-making for selfish gain
and enrolling them In the ranks of
those* .who toil in the gutters to help
the fallen.
INSURANCE' RECORDS FOR
THE YEAR JUST ENDED
Third street, where they engaged a
room, paying $2. All the money they
had was $2 65, and when they went
to take possession of the room Mrs.
Armstrong demanded a dollar for a
hey. They could not give it to her
and when they requested the return
of the $2 she refused to reimburse
them.
R. A. Donaldson, assi5?tant general
passenger ag?nt of the Southern Pa
cific Company, has gone to St. Louis
to attend a meeting of passenger
agents, at which r.ttes for the coming:
expo?ition are to be ttxed. Tlie meet
ing was deferred for some time, pend
ing the settlement of an injunction
euit brought In the St. L.ouis courts to
prevent ticket brokers from handling
railroad tickets during the exposition.
Alter a bitter tight made by the ticket
brokers the railroad companies recent
ly got a favorable decision from the
Circuit Court of Missouri and this rul
ing has Bfnoe been sustained by the
Supreme Court of the State. As a re
sult the "sraJping" of exposition
tickets will be prohibited and the rail
road officials feel much at ease over
the fact.
That the scalphig business on this
coast is thriving to some extent is
fihoTrn in the recent report made to
Passenger Traffio Manager McCormick
of the Southern Pacific Company by
Chief Train Agent Lund, in which it
is shoTvn that during the year 1903
the iig*»nts of the company "lifted"
2000 tickets out of Portland, Ogden,
San Francisco, h'acrr.menio, Los An
geles and El Paso 'tltat were being
wrongfully used. The people whose
tickets were conflscarcd paid into the
coffers of the Southern Pacific Com
pany $57,000 for new transportation
to the end of their journeys.
cate 2000 Pasteboards l>uring:
Twelve Montlc.
Southern Pacific Train Agents Confis-
making; a hakd fight
against ticket brokers
Meeting and Adopts
Resolutions.
c . ..."
Progress League Holds Mass-
EDWARD BERWICK. THE
PRESIDENT, OF THE POS
TAL PROGRESS LEAGUE.
Sydney Grundy wrote "The Degen
erates" and Mrs. Langtry and her com
pany appeared in it last evening at the
Columbia before a large audience
tastily attired and quite interested. The
piece was evidently intended to hit off
the moral slipshodness of British up
per-tendom. If the men and women it
depicts were faithfully drawn then
London society needs deodorization.
The men are soulless roues and the
women conscienceless sirens. If the
playwright had treated them strictly
as such his work might not have passed
the censor; but he ingeniously inter
wove with their contempt for marital
loyalty an incongruous sense of mawk
ish honor that relieves to some extent
their moral unworth. The man who
coldly plots to rob his host of both
fortune and wife Is treated as a pretty
good fellow in all other respects. The
woman who proclaims herself incur
ably bad becomes suddenly virtuous
and inconsistently maternal at mention
of the name of the daughter whose ex
istence she has just deplored as a han
dicap in her race for forbidden pleas
ure. That's the woman Mrs. Langtry
portrayed.
But the acting was good— and aside
from its theme the play was g«od.
Most of the dialogue was rapid-fire
repartee, with an epigram in almost
every line, and the situations were of
the kind that gradually develop the
clement of suspense until an effective
climax makes one forget the shortcom
ings of the characters and involun
tarily clap one's hands. The third act
is almost as artistically constructed as
that great third act of "Lady^Winde
mere's Fan," which, by the way, it re
sembles in some of the vital scenes.
One woman — a confessed wanton—sac
rificing her self-interest to save the
reputation of a woman whose husband
she had enticed— is an improbable
thing, but Mrs. Langtry's acting made
it appear so probable and the character
she assumed so forgivable, that she got
half a dozen hearty curtain calls and
would surely have got more if she had
not stopped the clamor by delivering a
npeech. The speech wasn't a scintil
lating gem of impromptu oratory, but
it was delivered with an apparent sin
cerity that more than compensated for
its lack of sounding periods.
"I love San Francisco and its people
and its climate," she said, "and I
wonder how I could have afforded to
stay away from your dear city so long.
But I shall come back within a year."
That is, what one married woman
asks another married woman in "The
Degenerates," and the query might be
adopted as a keynote to the sentiment
of the play.
"But, my dear, why should you
elope— it's so entirely unnecessary?"
WARFARE IS EXPECTED.
The appearance of six members of
the Salvation Army on the Sonoma, on
their way to Honolulu, was displeasing
Not one word of, religion or thought
ful" advice "did the self-styled Elijah
put forth. His conversation was given
up entirely to a denunciation of, the
people and newspapers "of San Fran
cisco and a laudation of his own al
leged miraculous powers of healing.
"What do I think of San Francisco?"
replied the twentieth century Elijah,
"why, they are the dirt of the earth.
The people in San Francisco are the
worst I have ever met. The newspaper
men lied about me, worst of all. They
lied about my meetings. I got the best
of - those who opposed me, but the
papers claimed that the people hooted
and hissed at me. Perhaps a few hood
lums'did hiss "and hoot, but I silenced
them b^rny power.
"The meetings were noisy, I admit,
tfut that is no reason to say that I did
not prove my, power. Any one who
says that I came'to- San Francisco to
try to . make money is a liar. j You
newspaper men are the emissaries of
hell. Some day I will try to save you.
"Any one who says I came to San
Francisco to work the people is a liar.
Yes, ' I repeat; ' he* is a liar. If I. had
come to San Francisco with the inten
tion of working the people, I would
have come as a prizefighter and not
as a preacher. Prizefighting is more in
the line of the people of San Francisco
than preaching."
The fat little "overseer of Zion City,"
who spends hundreds of dollars a day
in luxurious comfort, continued in a
strain of invective until the whistle
was sounded for all visitors to leave
the Sonoma.
which he will occupy for the next
twenty-eight days, while crossing to
the Antipodes.
GIVES VENT TO ABUSE.
Dowie's opinion of San Francisco
would hardly look well in print. The
eccentric leader, who has a following
of .100,000 people in the world, 10,000 of
wh'om are toiling in Zion City, while
their leader lives in luxury, gave vent
to his feelings when he boarded the
Sonoma yesterday, half an hour before
the appointed sailing time.
Dowie was seen in the exquisitely
decorated bridal suite of -the vessel.
San Francisco breathes easier. John
Alexander Dowie, self-styled "Elijah,
the Redeemer," head of the Zion City
movement in Illinois, which has re
sulted in an aggregation of $25,000,000
being rjlaced in the hands of Dowie to
do as he pleases with, has departed
from these shores.
Dowie and four of his smug deacons,
well-fed, well-clothed, sailed yesterday
on the steamship Sonoma for Australia,
occupying the bridal suites, of the ves
sel.
Salvationists Say "Elijah" Is
Worth Their Attention and
Propose to Save Him on Trip
TRAVELS IN GOOD STYLE
She Portrays an Unlovely
Character in a Way That
Compels Hearty Curtain Calls
MRS. LANGTRY'S ACTING
Indulges in Invective About
San Francisco and Uses Foul
Language Concerning Press
"The Degenerates'' Attracts a
Large and Fashionable Crowd
to the Columbia Theater
SOCIETY SEES
GRUNDY SATIRE
DOWIE DEPARTS
FOR AUSTRALIA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. FRIDAY, JANUARY 22, 1904.
MODIFICATION
OF POSTAL LAWS
IS REQUESTED
16
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
ft *% '-»•—^iv,. ¦ ..o.^SIJiITJISilSSSlISS
For the cold weather
Ladies' Undervests
LADIES' FULL-FINISHED, FLEECE-LINED
RIBBED VESTS, crocheted neck, Ion? sleeves,
all sizes.
Regular Price, 50c
Special for 4T% poof
Friday and
Saturday... , KJxJr^^
DRAWERS to match, 35c
3/6 - 322 AMff/CST <ST
*¦¦ ifci^i^Miniwitiiinri^pirii "I'^rnnnnr rn r n — t""-* nr"T — irrtnniirmiii inmni run nun mm 1 ' \2?\^f
I Mothers, it's a willful . ....
+*^r jl a waste of time to look for'
a bigger saving on the
Boys' and youngsters'
¥¦• trade cut deeply into
L*\ 3 I i^ these Departments, so
~ we are chopping off
There's enough to give
f or you a selection-you'll
never beat for quality
Ffe ' NorfolK Suits
/ C?5 f\f\ You {£O F*f\
fD.VV pay us $6.tt\J
AH A 3tol0yrs.
- . *^* Heavy Serges — Reds, Blues and
ft! $5.00 pX $4.00 .
HP f~\ HP Boys'LongPanlsSvits
* A. Heavy Serges and Tweeds.
— — $9.00 p^s $7.20
MILL TO MAN.
To You 51fr5»mRKETST.H&fe 1 5 M E fi Y Saturda y s
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
ekemOn
uttle girl
Sleepless Nights for Mother
and Awful Suffering
of Child.
CURED BYJOTICURA
Had Given up All Hope of Ever
Making Any Care.
" My little girl hts been Buffering for
two yori or more from eczema, and
during that time I conld Dot get a
Bijcbt'a eleep, as her ailment "was Tery
•crere.
" I had tried so many remedies and
spent xnnch money, deriving no bene-
fit, I had absolutely given ap all hope
of making any core. Bot as a last re-
aort I was persuaded to try a set of the
Coticara remedies, and to ray great
delight a marked change was mani-
fested from the first application. I
gave the child a li.<h with Catierr-..
Soap, using a soft piece of rnnslin cloth.
ThJs I did tvr'.ce a day, each ttmo foi-
loirinR with the Cuticara Ointment,
arid at the same time gaTe the JIesol»
vrnt. according to directions. One box
of the Ointment and two bottles of the
Resolvent; together with the Soap,
effected a permanent cure. I submit
this for pablicatioa if you desire, hop-
ing it will add to yocr success and assist
so many thous^e'ds of snfferers In cor-
ing tb«*msclres." Mrs. I. B. JONES,
Addington. Isd. T.
The first sttp in the trestaent of the
chronic forms is to remove the scales
tud crusts and Bofttn the skin, by
vann baths with Cuticara Scap. The
r cilp, ears, elbows, hands, ankles aad
feet will require frequently a thorough
eoaking in order to penetrate the thick-
ened «kin and crests with wl»?ch thesa
•parts are olVn covered. Dry care-
felly, and apply Ccticura Ointment,
lightly at flr.-t. and where advisable
spread it on pieces of soft cloth and
bind in place. Take the Resolvent,
pllis, or liquid, lu medium doses. Do
Dot cse cold water in bathing, and
avoid cold, raw winds.
Sold thrnof b««t tht world. CoSttri FMO^vcst *e.
Ob torm of Cfc«eolatt < o«t«M Pir.t. Me. pet tiiI of <»).
f).=t»'»t. £> . £«»r. »¦¦ I»et». l^mitm.t: Charter.
? ro»» Sc.: Tana. * H*r f* U rmixi K»*rn*. It: Coi.m-
ku. A»» Pocur Drmt * Cttem. Corp.. Sale rrofriion.
IH finii (ar " a<-» to Cur* Eczema."
AD V ERTI SEM EN T S.
.^ _,,_,, . _ _ _ . ,; r
| PIANOS
I arc universally accepted
| for just what the name
I signifies — Quality and
| Reliability. In tone, de-
I sign and construction
Sno other maKc covld
give more lasting satis-
faction—even more sat-
Sisfactory when yov con-
sider the price. #
IBcnj. Curtaz *^n
(Sc!« Agents.)
Open Saturday Evening. ¦
§? 16 O'Farrell SL, S. F.
¦ San Jose. Stockton. Alameda. Fresno.
ftTTIDRRAKI^?
RRO&fOMPANY"
We are again in our build-
ing at
Market and lOth Streets
with a clean, up-to-date
stock of vehicles.
* »
BERKS |
Famous the • World I
Over— FulljLMatqrcdJ I
*Sotd tvtrytefiertZ M
Hli-BEUT MERCANTILE CO.. II
Pacific Coast Agents. £*
d visit DR. JORDAN'S great i '
dgUSEUM OF AHATOHYi
0 CA wajuazxTsi.'feti.jtaiTa.s.y.cii.i i
I M»S49 *»«»«« P»"«««»"«Te»r» < lb. the oldest '
° J^«5 ! SpecuhuoattaCoiss. £«.£,«„. £
0 4£l£fi m ' JORDAH-OISEASES DP "EN I
*_F TOd&D _ CoB « !ut «» toe *nd itrirtty pr!T»:e. \
VR &% H Xl«V» e « P"*O"»'I» «r by letter. A Q
d r » w M^if? -***•««¦••«••»¦*•# a
¥ ¦ I ' ¦*»«IA«K. MAILED FKtS, fAT
¥ on. 3OBDA2I A CO.. 1C51 Market St. S. F. V
MARKS BROS. ¦
%JxJ &
Bargain Sale
At
Marks Bros.
For To- Day Only.
50c MOTHER HUB BARD FLANNEL-
ETTE GOWNS Selling To- OC n
Day for .... OOC
Gowns made extra full and wide:
colors pink and blue stripes.
50c DAISr FLANNEL PETTI- QC n
COATS for ..... ... £**4j
Deep flounce, trimmed in hem-
stitched tucks; colors pink, blue and
cream.
50c MUSLIN DRAWERS, for O/T-
" Umbrella flounce; made with hem-
stitched tucks; finished with ruffle of
cambric embroidery. ¦
65c FLANNELETTE KIMONA, O/T-
as pictured, sells to-day for t '*T </
Comes In the prettiest stripes im-
aginable; collar, front and sleeves
trimmed , In flannel- of. contrasting
¦ color. •!¦•'¦'. ,-.-.'/ ¦ :
50c WOMEN'S EXTRA HEAVY
FLEECE-LINED VESTS for QKq
, Lcng sleeves'; i ecru . only. • rants to'
' match. . ;¦:¦:'¦ ~ ' ' .' ¦
50c CORSETS Selling To-Day OK*
. Medium and short hir>T'. double- side
/Fteels; colors gray and black. ..'¦-;
Green Trading Stamps With AH
Purchases.
Marks Bros.
Honest Values,
12M-1222-122A [Market St.
Bet. Taylor and Jones.