. Continued on Page 2, Columns 2 and 3.
Gocs to Jail lot' Insulting Emperor.
BERLIN, Jan. 5.— Herr Zietch. edi
tor of the Socialist paper at Charlot-
NEWPORT NEWS, Va.. Jan. 5. —
The tug Navigator and . her tows, ths
barges Liberty nnd Now Jersey, sup
posed to have been lost In the storm
Saturday, have been towed safely Into
Hampton Roads.
Tug Naylgator and Her -Tows Safe.
Rev. Mr. Hammond is of- the opinion
that the funds were lost to the church
through no fault of his. and therefore
the appeal to the judiciary .committee.
ST. LOUIS, Jan. 5.— The judiciary
committee of the Methodist Episcopal
church spent to-day ,and a part of the
night at the Salem German Methodist
Church considering the. appeal of Rev.*
J. D. Hammond of San Francisco,' who
is charged with mismanagement of the
church's funds and Who was adjudged
guilty by the General Conference. A
verdict is expected to-morrow after
noon. The money which Rev. Mr. Ham
mond is charged with mismanaging is
a, part of what is known as the Epis
copal residence fund. ' No crime, ac
cording ' to law, is charged, and. al
though the General Conference found
the minister guilty,- his offense was not
deemed serious enough to '¦ require any
greater penalty than a year's suspen
sion.
Judiciary Committee of Methodist
Episcopal Church Hears Case of
Rev. J. D. Hammond.
APPEALS FROM DECISION
OF GENERAL CONFERENCE
BOSTON, Jan. 5.— Reports from all
over New England indicated intense
cold to-day. At Salem, Mass., the har
bor naa frozen over for the first time
In Atlantic City. N. J.. a minimum,
temperature of 6 degrees below z?ro'
•was recorded "and throughout Delaware
the temperature fell to « and S below.
NEW YORK, Jan. E.— Dispatches
l!xim every section of the State tell of
iccord breaking cold weather. At a
number of points within twenty miles
of this city the thermometers marked
20 to CO degrees below zero at dawn
10-day. An average temperature of
CO below prevailed throughout the cen
tral end western part of the State.
At several points north of Utica last
night the mercury went to 50 below.
PHILADELPHIA. " Jan. 5.—Pennsyl
vania, New Jersey and Delaware ex
perienced the- coldest weather in years
to-day, in many places thermometers
registering a lower temperature than at
*ny time since 1S75. Bitterly cold
•reatb*r prevailed in the interior of
Pennsylvania during the earlier hours
of the day. At Scranlon and Wilkes
barre the official thermometer regis
tered respectively 16 and 13 degTees be
low zero; York IS below; Williamsport,
17 below; AHoona; 19 below; Bellefonte,
r« below, and Maurh Chunk 28 below.
tenburg, has been sentenced to three
months* imprisonment for insulting
Emperor William by saying his only
function of state was to receive $10,
000 for each time he signed a law.
in fifteen years. From New Hampshire
Keene reported 32 degrees below, the
lowest In fifteen years, while at other
places the mercury fell to 45 below.
Thermometers In Orange, Mass., burst
last night at 50 below zero. At Tulley,
Mass., the mercury went down to 44
below.
William Pattison was frozen to death
in the snow at North Webster. For
the first time in ten years the eastern
and western passages of Narragansett
Bay are closed by ice. The ice has
choked up the wharves along the
water front at Newport, R. I. Ther
mometers in different sections of Rut
land, Vt., registered from 40 to 44 below
to-day. % .;. '--¦:¦
BALTIMORE, lid., Jan. 5.— To-day
was the coldest of the present winter,
the thermometer dropping to 2 degrees
above zero.
At Hagerstown weather records for
twenty years were broken. , Between
midnight and 6 o'clock this morning: 26
below zero was reached. At Annapolis
the harbor is frozen far out Into the
bay.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Jan. 5.— From
many points In Ohio reports received
to-day indicated a temperature rang
ing from 5 io 20 below «ero.
Record Breaking Cold Weather
Prevails Throughout East
and Bursts Thermometers
The trans - Atlantic steamships
brought to this country by way of
New York in 1903 804,235 persons, of
whom 67,719 were first cabin passen
gers, 93,557 second cabin and 642,959
steerage. . \ .
If the ratio of other years was kept
up. 200,000 persons entered at other
ports. . . •'•..•>/'
More than two-thirds of those who
swelled our population recently came
from Austro-Hungary, Italy and Rus
sia. Figures showing the countries
from which the various foreigners came
durlnc? the last six .months have not
yet been prepared. The report shows
that during.the first six months of 1903
the immigrants coming from Italy, in-"
eluding Sicily, and- Sardinia, numbered
152,777; 'Austro-Hungary g contributed
132,736; Russia .'.and;. Finland, 78,904;'
Sweden. 26,150;.. Germany. 23,648; Ire-'
Jand. -, 21,012; ! Nor tvay, ' 16.4C5; England,'
16,201, and all Europe a total of 511,416.'
From all Asia 13.670 came and from
other parts of the world about S000.
NEW YORK, Jan. 5.— Figures just
made publi6 by the Federal authorities
show that the population of the United
States was increased by the arrival of
more than 1.000,000 immigrants during
the last year. \ The figures give the
number of arrivals at this port, which
are at least 75 per cent of the aggregate
number of newcomers. ¦ . :
Special Dispatch to The Call
CALL. BUREAU. 1406 G STREET. N\
W., WASHINGTON. Jan. 5. -The wed
ding of Miss Isabelle McKenna, daugh
ter of Justice McKenna of the Supreme
Court^ and Pitts Dufflcld. which, will
take place to-morrow noon will be ous
of the most interesting nuptial event*
of the season owing to the distinguished
position of the bride's father. On ac
count of the difference in faith of the
contracting parties the tvecldins will
not be a large affair, but will be wit
mistd only by two hundred; of th«
relatives and most intimate friends of
the family. The officiating clergyman
will be Rev. Edward Buckey. assistant
rector of St. Matthews* Roman Cath
olic Church. The bride will b* attend
ed by her two sisters, the Misses Marie
and Hildegard McKenna. Mr. Duffleld's
attendants will be Edgar Mills of New
York, as best man, with Devle Duffleld
and Kenneth Duffleld of Detroit as
ushers.
The wedding will be attended by all
the members of the Supreme Court and
their families, c<4urt adjourning for the
occasion. The bride has receh'rO many
handsome presents, among th««m a full
service of silver Dlate from th2 groom's
parents. General and Mrs. Dufflcld of
Detroit
Special Dispatch to The Call
The posting yesterday at the local Merchants* Exchange of the fore
going war risks quoted on neutrar cargoes attracted considerable attention.
To the business world these figures tell more of the true situation than do
the vague and In many cases contradictory' reports cabled from the world's
capitals and even the supposed centers of the disturbance. "Money talks,"
and In the commercial world the language of figures is better understood
than the prophetic eloquence of statesmen. The schedule shows how the
situation Iook3 to the world's underwriters.
3Iiss Isabclle McKenna, Who Is
to Wed Pitts Duffield, Re
ceives Many £ostly Presents
One Million Aliens
Enter Country
mo Vnop
BRIDAL GIFTS
ARE HANDSOME
AMERICA'S
POPULATION
INCREASING
PERSONS AND SCENES MEN
TIONED IN NEWS OF RUS
SO-JAPANESE DISPUTE. .
PACIFIC COAST PORTS TO SOUTHERN' CHINA.
American and English steamships sailing prior to January 10..
. . . , ...'.. }£ per cent
American and English steamships sailing January 10 to 20....
. ."..,.' a J per cent
Japanese steamships sailing prior to January 10 >£ per cent
Japanese steamships sailing January 10 to 20 % per cent
PACIFIC COAST PORTS TO JAPAN. * ,
American and English steamships sailing prior to January 101.
• •••••• ,• ............ ....'. .'...• ....'. \' z per cent
American and English steamships sailing January 10 to 20....
• • •" % per cent
Japanese steamships sailing prior to January 10 1 y A per cent
Japanese steamships sailing Jan uary io. to 20 . . '. '. 2 per cent
PACIFIC COAST PORTS TO SIBERIA.
English and American steamships sailing prior to January 10..
../..-..... . . . r. ; — ..... .1 14 |)cr cent
English and American steamships sailing January 10 to 20....
»....:.... 3 per- cent
High War Risks Quoted on Vessels Sailing
for Far Eastern Ports.
• ¦¦ The :United: States supply ship Zaphiro also is at Chemulpo,
where XRiissL, -Japan and 5 Great Britain have each a man-of-war.
Russia is an* idle dream. "'.. ¦- \ . /
ST. PETERSBURG.Jah. 5.— There are signs here of grow
ing impatience at the attitude of "Japan. . A report -was current
here 4o-day that* the /Japanese, had made, all preparations for oc
cupying., the; port 1 of Masarnplvo and that we might hear of their
having done v sb at any moment." Should such action take place
on the part of 'the Japanese itSvould bring matters to a climax,
Admiral Alexieff having .full power toact decisively in such case
of provocation. ..... ! , ¦ - ¦¦-
-At no price would Japan be allowed to occupy Masampho,
whichis a strategical point between Russian fortified towns.
A f act. in the present crisis well worth noting is that the Min
ister of War, General Kuropatkin, is stillhere, whereas, from what
I am told,' he, would proceed forthwith to the Far East in case of
war. If hostilities '•break out he doubtless would be found exer
cising supreme command of - thc.forces in the field, Admiral Alex
ieff having'his hands full 'with other affairs. The Minister of War
is said to be -much in favor of conciliation, if possible, but was
prevailed upon at the "recent council to vote for "war unless^the
late_st' Russian proposals were promptly accepted.
. A general holding high office, who is a friend and confidant
of the Emperor, and, consequently, an. apostle of peace, said, cor
roborating tlie expression of opinion given out a week ago:
"I cannot see any single circumstance which can prevent a
Russo-Japanese war,- which I must deplore and which must needs
be a very severe setback to Russia. But, to. my mind, a greater
danger still is that of war breaking out in western parts."
- He refused to enter into details regarding the last statement.
I; however, am enabled-to give you the key v to the words of
one of the most clear-sighted politicians, who said : ,
I "The Russian Foreign Office is in possession of facts which
show that the Bulgarians have fully made" up their minds to take
advantage of the fact that Russia is occupied' elsewhere to set
the. flame of war alight in the Balkans. It is impossible that th{
powers should avoid becoming involved, - and goodness knows
where it will end. ' ; "'
"1 am authorized to state that instructions have been given
Admiral Evans not to allow the movements of his warships to
be such as to encourage. the Japanese to construe them as mean
ing; support from the United States. This action of the Wash
ington Government is sincerely appreciated here, the conviction
in high quarters being that Japan, unsupported, will not decjare
war.. Russia has nothing but the most friendly feelings toward
the' United States. One of ; her keenest desires is to see the Amer
icans : .developing trade with new' Russia in the Far East."
SEOUL, Jan. 6— A detachment of 'thirty-five marines from
the : TJnite'd States . ship VicksburgV now lying at. Chemulpo, ar
rived here yesterday as a guard for the American Legation. An
other body of seventy- marines will arrive to-morrow.
churia and\warns> Japan that any expectations" of .success over
Special Cablegram to The Call and New York Herald." . Cojnyrifht, ,1J©4. by % tlj« New"York Her
' /:.-~' l " < -'_, *-C'~-W" : - "'-' - : -aid rubltshlnsr Company. •
CHEFU,. Jan.. !5.— Eight thousand Japanese are reported as
being ready to land at Masampho. Their, landing probably will
mean war. '• A regiment 'of Cossacks is expected at Port Arthur
and reserves .are being "moved ' from Blagovestchensk to
• The position of troops in Manchuria" is being rearranged, but
their* location is being kept secret. Stores, are accumulating at
Port Arthur and military telegraph \vire,s run in alj directions.
There is. greatly increased vigilance among port officials and the
military. Meanwhile the utmost, gayety prevails, with balls, mas
querades and theatricals.
The Benov -Krai emphatically affirms that "Manchuria is
henceforth' Russian and will never be surrendered. At the pres
ent the Russo-Japanese, negotiations' regard only Korea and will
end most favorably -for Russia .if the", latter keeps a powerful fleet
at Port Arthur and, three hundred thousand bavohcts in Man-
Russia Regards Proposed Invasion of Korea
as Challenge to Gombat.
MERCURY DROPS
OUT OF SIGHT
«tx-"trteRfr's~<v ttco
hours distant from Tungkun, he at
tacked frmks owned by Mandarin
Wachow. having thousands of dollars
Aboard. The soldiers on the junks re
pelled the attack, causing the bandit to
withdraw to a small market town,
where the people closed their shops.
Securing 100 followers, the bandit
started on a pillaging expedition.
Though a large reward was offered, he
had the courage to visit Shekpo, his na
tive village. The Government sent a
party of soldiers, asking Ma Wong Hoi
f» give up his reckless life and accept
the leadership of a regiment. Fearing
betrayal, he declined the honor scorn
fully.
' Admiral Fong then marched to Shek
po with 2500 soldiers and marines, com
mencing a regular siege. He first de
manded that the elders of the village
deliver over Ma Wong Hoi. The latter
himself appeared a'nd fired on the sol
.diers, killing eight. This incensed
Fong, who at once ordered a heavy
cannonade. The village was shortly in
flames, which caused the death of over
"Q0O-. Many women and children were
hurried and others were drowned in the
river.
Missionary Hansen visited the place
with native Christians the flay after
the fight and declares that he never
before witnessed such pitiable scenes.
The enraged soldiers had killed many
villagers. Amidst the smoking ruins
hundreds of corpses were Been lying
with their throats cut. The cry
ing of women was heartrending. Ma
Wong Hoi was captured in a neighbor
ing village with $7000 in paper money
eecreted in his clothing. He has since
been executed at Canton.
TACOMA. Wash.. Jan. 5.— Two thous
and Chinese were massacred by impe
rial BoMiera under Admiral Fong early
m. Drcembcr In capturing Ma Wong
He! at Shekpo, a village on the East
River near Canto. Shekpo was de
*;r"yed and other villages were deso
lated.
Ma Wong Hoi was one of the most
n^t«»d bandits and pirates known in
t-r*ci«J Dirpatcb to The Call.
All the passenger coaches except the
last two Pullmans were piled up in a
heap. The two trains met squarely in
a head-on collision.
Wrecking crews have been sent to
the wreck from Morton and Herrington.
Assistant General Superintendent
Sutherland said: •"We have no posi
tive information at thi3 hour about the
wreck other than that both engineers
and both firemen were killed. There
are also some passengers killed and in
jured, but we do not know how many.**
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Dec. 6. — I a.
m. — Telephone messages from Tope
ksi nnd Willnrtl, Kansas concerning
the wreck or the Rock Island's Chica
go. El Paso and California train Xo. :;.
say that the train is demolished and a
number of passengers hurt, but it is
not certain that any one was killed.
The passenger train collided with a
stock train. The engineers and fire
men of both ' trains jumped and es
caped.
The relief train has not yet returned
to Topcka with the Injured. It 13 not
likely that details will be obtainable
before daylight.
. TOPEKA, Kans., Jan. 6. — Rock Isl
and passenger train No. 3 collided
with a freight train two miles west of
Topeka about 1 o'clock this morning.
Repeats from there say many pei»son3
are caught in the wreckage. A spe
cial train with doctors and officials of
the road has just, left here for the
wreck. The general superintendent's
office reports that it is very serious.
Engineers Benjamin and Reardon
were killed and more than a dozen
passengers are fatally hurt.
Panic-Stricken Men, Women and Chil
dren Perish in the Flames in
Their Homes at Shekpo.
Crews of Both Engines Perish and
Many Persons Are Buried Under
Debris of Demolished Cars.
Loss ol Life in a Kansas
Railway Disaster Is
Heavy.
Rock Island Express
Collides With a
Freight/
Pirate's Defiance Causes
Massacre by the Im
perial Forces.
Chinese Troops Shell
and Destroy a
Village.
PASSENGERS
DIE UNDER
WRECKAGE
CANNONADE
SLAUGHTERS
THOUSANDS
ST. PETERSBURG, Jan. 5. — A semi-official dispatch to a news agency from Vladivostok and private information from Moukden state. that,^ owing. to disturbances between the Koreans and Japanese in Korea, the Russian
becend Kitlc Regiment, at its full strength, has been dispatched. to Korea to protect Russian interests there. It is learned here that Japan is.preparing to send an army of '35,000 men," in two divisions, to Korea, and that 8000 Japan
ese are ready to land at Masampho. Should the occupation of Masampho be attempted it will be the signal for war's outbreaks At no price would Russia countenance such movement, while her proposal to establish a neutral zone in
Korea has not been accepted or rejected by Japan. j \. . , . » ¦ •
LAN DING OF THE JAPANESE ARMY NOW OFF KOREA
WILL BE THE SIGNAL FOR THE OUTBREAK OF WAR
73S W2ATSE3.
rcrecast Q»£e r.t San Fraa-
Cisco fcr ffcirty hcari ending" at
iiiiisi^-M January 6, 1934:
Saa Ttsz.c1*zo and vicinity—
ri!r VeiiLssfimy; lisr'nt north
erly -triads; UrHt *.-0Bt» in the
aicrsins. A. »£. jrcADlS,
District ror*-.-*iter.
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY. 0, -19Q4.,
PRICE FIVE GENTS
THE T2SATEB3.
Alcazar — "A Iiady of Quality."
California— "Sappy HoolijTEn."
Central — "Monte Cristo."
riacaez's — "I. O. VS."
Grantl — "Tte Head VTaitsrs."
Orphenm — Vaudeville. JSatinea
To-Day.
The Chutes — Vaudsvills.
Tivoll Opera-Eonse — "lalcc."
Columbia— "Th» Girl With tie
Green ryes."
The San Francisco Call.
VOU'.MK XCV-XO. 37.SACRAMENTO, # Jan. 5.— A general
order will be issued from the office of
the adjutant general to-morrow mus
tering out of the service- the Signal
Corps of the Third Brigade on. the
score that It has failed'during the past
year' to send in any reports to General
Muller arid for general Incompetency.
Signal Corps to Be Disbanded.
• COLOGNE. Jan. 5. — According to
advices received by the Cologne Ga-'
zette from St. Petersburg, the terms of
the Russian reply to Japan were de
cided upon at a council on Sunday,
presided over by the Czur and attend
ed by the Grand Dukes Vladimir and
Alexis, the Foreign." War and Marine
Ministers and M. . "Witte, president of
the Council of Ministers. This'corre
spondent,.like others/understands that
the reply, renders a peaceful issue pos
sible. ¦:. .- ":• ..¦:¦¦' •¦ • ; : ¦ •
Grand Dukes and Minister Draw Up
the Reply to Japan.
CZAR PRESIDES AT COUNCIL.
HAVANA. Jan. i. — The . House . of
Representatives to-day passed the na
tional lottery bill by a vote of 25 to 21.
The measure will now go to President
Palma.
REDDING, Jan. 5. — I. O. Jillson,
managing owner of the Gladstone
mine, near French Gulch, which- has
been closed. since last summer on ac
count of a labor, strike, left this morn
ing with a large crew of miners im
ported from Siskiyou County to re
place the strikers. Trouble between
the union and non-union" forces is
possible.
Clash May Occur at a Mine.
ROME. Jan. 5. — Signor Biancheri.
president of the Chamber of Deputies,
has been appointed the Italian rep
resentative of The Hague arbitration
tribunal, to succeed the late Premier
Zanardelli.
Will Represent Italy at The Hague.
Montreal lire Causes Two Deaths.
MONTREAL, Jan. 5.--Firc to-day
ruined the Mount Royal Club, the most
exclusive club in Montreal. One fire
man w«!« killed and another badly in
jured. Colonel Lairdett. the secretary
of the club, sustained injuries which re :
suited in his death.
TOKIO, Jan. 5.— An extra edition of
the Official Gazette has been issued
containing army and navy orders pro
hibiting the publishing *of any reports
of the movemertts of troops or war ves
sels from this time on. Otherwise the
Japanese authorities are not interfering
with press messages.
The Russian reply to Japan has not
yet been received. « ¦/*:?
It is reported from Vladivostok that
the Russian squadron there is prepar
ing for action. :
According to another report a Rus
sian cruiser has left Port Arthur with
a military force on board. Its destina
tion is unknown, but it is probably
Chemulpo, Korea.,
Activity on the Russian Squadron at
- i.V Vladivostok.
PREPARING FOR ACTIOX.
MONTEVIDEO. Jan. 5.— The revolu
tionary movement in Uruguay is se
rious. Telegraphic communication with
the interior is interrupted and no one
is allowed to leave the country without
a passport. All the Government troops
have been sent to the interior.
Uruguay's Troops in the Field.
The President's message relative to
Panama and the canal was read fn
the House, receiving applause on the
Republican side. »
WASHINGTON. Jan. 5. — The privi
leged resolution proposed by Hay of
Virginia, providing for an investiga
tion of certain statements in the Bris
tow postoflice report reflecting upon
the membership of the House was to
day referred to the Committee on
Postofflces and Tostroads on motion
of Payne of New York, the majority
leader.
Eight Republicans voted with the
minority on Hay's motion to order the
previous question, which was lost, and
three Republicans voted with the
Democratic majority against the mo
tion to refer.
House Refuses to Take Up Charges in
Bristonv's Report.
VOTES AGAINST INQUIRY.
SEATTLE. Wash.. Jan. 5. — Clear
ings. 51.013.826; balances. $288,913.
TACOMA. Wash., Jan. 5. — Clear
ings. $410,530: balances'. $26,623.
PORTLAND. Or., Jan. 5. — Clearings.
$667,754: balances. $107,773.
SPOKANE, Wash.. Jan. 5. — Clear
ings, 5402, 42NB; balitnc.es. 535. 65S.
Northern Clearing Houses.
Koxbrrglic Rcslgiw Commission.
LONDON. Jan. 5. — The Duke of
Roxburghe has resigned his commis
sion as a lieutenant in the Royal
Horse Guards, known as the "Blues."
These views are regarded here as
being inspired, as the paper is gener
ally the mouthpiece of the Foreign
Office in international politics.
BERLIN. Jan. 6. — The Koelnlsche
Zeitung, in publishing the news' that
the German Far Eastern squadron
had been ordered to concentrate at
Tsinchou, says: ¦/
"The vital political interests" of Rus
sia and Japan are clashing so sharply
that the yielding of either country
would? mean the abandonment of those
interests.. The die must soon be cast,
as the continued playing with notes
cannot last much longer."-
Berlin Newspaper Voices the Opinion
of the Cermnn Foreign Office.
DIE MUST SOOX BE CAST.
It is probable that when complete re
turns are in for December. 1503, the last
quarter may show slightly more than
50 per cent of earnings for the same
oeriod of 1301.
The statement of earnings for 1905
shows a great shrinkage in the busi
ness of the corporation. Net earnings
(December estimated) aggregate $103,
979.012 as against $133,30S,763 in 1902 and
$105,947,160 in the first nine months of
the corporation's history* in 1001. Brief
ly, business for the twelve months of
1903 was only about J3.000.000 in excess
of that for the first nine months ef the
corporation's existence.
For the last quarter of 1903 net earn
ings (December estimated at J3.100.0C0)
were 514,845,042, as against 531.4S3.759
for the same quarter of 1901. Thus
earnings for the last quarter were de
cidedly less than* half of those of 1902.
NEW YORK, Jan. 5.— The dividend
on United . States Steel common was
passed at the 'quarterly meeting of the
directors to-day, but the • recular 1%
per cent" was declared on the preferred
stock. This was practically what was
expected. At the previous quarterly
meeting the common dividend was cut
from a 4 to a 2 per cent basis.
STEEL TRUST'S
EARNINGS FALL
Our, entrance Into the- world of politic* If
so . large an expression be descriptive 'has
been received by the other nations In a spirit
of hearty friendship. The construction of
an isthmian canal transcends In Importance
any .other act of legislation or diplomacy to
which . the Government can commit itself
and the people will look impatiently in my
opinion, at any Individual or political party
that seeks to embarrass this work with nar
tlsan outcries. , .
The newspapers relate that Mr. Bryan de
nies that he Is a Socialist: but the spirit of
socialism Is rampant (n his party, and Its
influence will appear at the moment when
any. Democrat sets foot. In the White House.
The . tariff smashers and the currency de
basers In the Democratic " party may be for
the moment quiet, but their self-restraint
will last no single minute longer than until
the opportunity comes to give effect to their
injurious principles.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 5.— A compli
mentary dinner in honor of Senator
Thomas C. Platt was given at the
Shoreham Hotel to-night by the New
York Representatives in Congress. Rep
resentative Payne presided and ' made
a brief speech! felicitating the Repub
lican party on the condition of the or
ganization In .New York State. Th.e
principal speech - *>f the evening was
made by Platt, who' spoke in part as
follows: .. . " .
• There is neither factional nor personal dis
turbance In the New York delegation to embar
rass or Impede Us work. The signs of the ap
proaching great political year are already nu
merous, and some of them Indicate the return
of the Democratic party to a sane and danger
ous condition. Fortunately, we are already as
eured of courageous. Intelligent and popular
leadership. The Government, under President
Roosevelt, has been strong and wise: but It
often happens In politics that a political party
which has had a long Jease of power is never
so much In danger as when nobody haa any
thing In particular to complain of, (or It Is then
that many people vote not with regard to great
political principles, hut with regard to trivial
events. We shall need, therefore, throughout
the coming campaign to keep constantly beforo
the people the often proved incapacity of the
Democratic party to conduct - pubtic « flairs and
the menace to business which proceeds from its
vtry constitution ....
PARTY LEADERS
MUST BE ALERT
LIVERPOOL. Jan. 5. — The Liver
pool freight market Is very active, ow
ing to the British Government's ef
forts to procure' freights for Far East
ern ports. . • •
Freight Market Is Active.
CARDIFF, Wales. Jan. 5. — There
was excitement on the Coal Exchange
here to-day on the announcement that
the British Admiralty had placed a big
coal order for Hongkong. Qoutations
for coal vessels advanced from 17s 6d
to 20s. •
¦Advnnce In Price of Coal.
GENOA, Jan. 5. — Admiral Miri of
the Japanese navy, accompanied by
his staff, arrived here to-day to as
sume command of, the two cruisers
which were built here for the Argen
tine Government and were purchased
by Japan.
Japan Takes Over New Cruisers.
The Shanghai correspondent of the
Daily Mail learns- that General Yuan
Shi Kai. the commander in chief of the
Chinese army and navy, has ordered
the cruisers now in the Woosung River
to be prepared for war.
The Chefu correspondent of the
Morning Post says that, in the event
of war, Weihaiwei will be aban
doned as useless, as it is not fortified.
The correspondent hears that great pre
cautions are being taken by vessels en
tering Port Arthur, and It is feared
that some attempt may be made to sink
them and so block" the channel.
LONDON, Jan. 6.— "Nobody will sus
pect the captain of an American ma^
of-war of being a scheming alarmist,"
says the Standard editorially this
morning.
This sentence expresses the view
taken by the press of Great Britain of
the grave situation in the Far East as
revealed by the fact that the United
States Government finds It necessary to
send marines to Seoul for the protec
tion of American interests. While it is
still hoped that a peaceful issue may be
found this action of the United States
is held t». Indicate that the view of the
situation taken at Washington is that
the crisis is drifting rapidly to the dan
ger point.
« The action of the United States Gov
ernment is generally approved. The
Morning Post says editorially:
"The landing of American marines
proves that the United States Is watch
ing the Far Eastern imbroglio with
intelligent interest. We hope they will
be accompanied by British marines."
The Dailv Telegraph's Tokio corre
spondent says:
"The outlook Is very warlike. The
people are commenting on the absence
of Baron de Rosen, the Russian Min
ister to Japan.- from public functions
for the last few days." *
Continuing, the 'correspondent inti
mates that preparations are being
made "for the removal of the seat of
government and the headquarters of
the army and navy to Hiroshima, in
the event of hostilities, as ttccupied
during the war with China." •
The Daily Mail's Tokio correspondent
reports the suspension , of , the steamer
service from Kobe to Korea, owing" to
the apprehension that hostilities will
soon break out/The correspondent' says
the rumor that Russia • has landed
troops at Mokpho proves to be incor
rect.
London Press Approves the Sending
of 3Iarines to Seoul.
PRAISE AMERICA'S COURSE.
DENVER, Jan. 5. — The announce
ment was made at the offices of the
Colorado Provision and Packing Com
pany of this city that a contract was
to-day concluded with representatives
of the Russian Government for 700,000
pounds of mess beef."
Russia Buys Beef in Denver.
ST. PETERSBURG. Jan. 6.— A tel
egram .from Port Arthur to a semi
official-news agency here reports the
arrival of the British cruiser Sirius at
Chemulpo. The telegram says it is
believed the cruiser will land a de
tachment of marines.
British Marines Mny Land.
From a casual inspection of the dif
ferent lights of the group It is believed
that the transfer will admit of a com
plete and radical Improvement in the
service all over the islands. New and
permanent structures will be erected
and a considerable increase in the
number of lights is contemplated. Hilo
harbor will certainly get a light of the
third order and Honolulu one. possibly
of the first. Pearl Harbor, which now
has no permanent light, will probably
have one of the first rank. Owing, it is
said, to the expectation of the absorp
tlon'of the lights by the United States,
the service has somewhat run down
and too often has been left to the
charge of individuals and municipali
ties to keep up to the required stand
ard. The new superintendent of the
Hawaiian service is not yet named,
though the appointment cannot be de
layed for a great while, as the emer
gency is considered great. With the
assumption of the Government In
charge the service will, it is believed,
be increased in efficiency and made
modern in every respect.
RADICAL IMPROVEMENT.
In the transfer it was stipulated that
light keepers now in charge should be
retained and that the United States
should assume the expense of main
taining the lights from the time of tak
ing charge. At this time there are but
eightren lights of all kinds established
in the islands, not one being of the
first order or above third. Three houses
only are in permanent structures. All
the rest are of wood and none of these
is in first-class condition. Many of the
lights "'are suspended from poles or
exhibited from framework structures."
th<* longest range of any one b^lng at
Diamond Head, which is visible at a
distance of fifteen nautical miles and
is situated 145 feet above sea level. The
loftiest of all is the Paukaa. light, at
the entrance of Hilo harbor, which 13
170 feet above sea level, but has a
range of but five miles. .
On the island of Hawaii there are but
seven lights altogether, but one of
which is permanently housed. Maul
has two lights, both in rough wooden
structures. Molokai has one light of
the fourth order and one harbor light.
Oahu has two. housed In stone tow
ers, and five of all sorts altogether,
while Kauai island has one with a.
framework of wood. and. Layman Island
one, maintained by a private corpora
tion from April to September.
KEEPERS .TO BE RETAINED.
New Tear's witnessed the accession
of the United States Department • of
Commerce to the control of all the
lighthouses of the Hawaiian Islands,
which are hereafter to be supported
and administered in common with all
others of the nation. The new district
is to be attached, at least for the pres
ent, to the Twelfth Lighthouse District,
which embraces California, with head
quarters at San Francisco. Colonel J.
F. Hanbury is now in charge. The
new official who is to have the island
district in charge has not yet been
designated, but is expected to arrive at
an early day. He will assume charge
of all the properties and make all nec
essary provision for maintenance.
Upon his recommendation depend9 the
nature of changes contemplated in or
der to bring the district up to the high
est standard. Some of the old lights, it
is said, will be increased In power and
new ones added and many changes in
the character and position of the Iight3
are Imminent. A thorough Inspection
of all existing lights is to be made at
once.
A relative of the boy committed sui
cide in a similar manner several years
ago.
DENVER, Jan. 5. — Angry because he
had been punished by his teacher. Wal
ter Dale, the 14-year-old son of a brick
contractor, committed suicide in the
Wheatridge School this afternoon by
swallowing carbolic acid. After taking
the drug he walked defiantly to his
seat, surrounded by his excited class
mates.
Attending the same school with the
boy were his brother and two sisters,
who are said to be the brightest pupils
in the school. • The young man's father
Is a prosperous contractor and has
given the boy eVery advantage. His
home life was; apparently rleasant,
but despite his favorable surroundings
the boy developed a temper and dispo
sition in which sullenness was domi
nant. He refused to obey his teacher,
Mrs. Mary D. Finger, and as a conse
quence was reprimanded on several oc-v
caslons. Yesterday he was rebuked by
the teacher for some transgression of
the rules and submitted with bad grace.
When the teacher had' finished her
reprimand the boy took out his knife
and deliberately slit his clothing to
display his vindictive and bitter re
sentment of the scolding.
During the morning session to-day
he showed a number of girls a bottle',
which, he said, contained carbolic acid.
Shortly afterward, while at recess, he
swallowed the poison. He returned to
the room and his teacher immediately
detected that something, was wrong
and telephoned for a doctor. The phy
sician arrived too late and the youth
expired within a few minutes.
The boy* maintained his stubbornness
to the last. He told his schoolmates
that, he Intended to die in his seat and
when the principal of the school asked
him to go to another room the boy. al
ready suffering from the fipry poison,
refused to move. The principal at last
was obliged to pick him up in his arms
and carry him out. He died ten min
utes later.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Boasts of His Act to Fellow
Pupils and Maintains an Air
of Bravado While Expiring
Superintendent Will Soon Be
Named and Will 3Iako His
Headquarters in This City
STUBBORN TO THE LAST
BERLIN. Jan. 5.— The widely sepa
rated vessels of the German Far East
ern squadron have been ordered by
Rear Admiral von Prittwitz to con
centrate at Tsinchou, province of
Shantung. This movement is consid
ered here as probably relating to the
possibility of war between Russia and
Japan. ,
German Squadron to Concentrate.
PLANTS TO BE IMPROVED
It is felt by officials of the, admin
istration that it would be improper
publicly to discuss a subject so delicate
as that which Is pending between
Japan and Russia, in which, too. the
United States is not one of the prin
cipal parties.
This Government's relations with the
controversy are purely commercial.
If war between Japan and Russia
should result, while.lt is not expected
that, even in a remote way, the United
States would be drawn into it. efforts
certainly would be made by this Gov
ernment to protect its commerce in the
Far East.*
,To afford this protection in such a
way as not to offend either nation party
to the war. both of which are on friend-,
ly terms with the United States, would
be a delicate and difficult task.. It is
not unlikely that this subject will be
considered at future meetings of the
President and his. Cabinet.
careful consideration was given to the
situation in the Far East to-day by
the President and his Cabinet. The
Information, received through diplo
matic channels is most carefully guard
ed. At the conclusion of the Cabinet
meeting the members were unusually
reticent.
zie, war correspondent of the London
Daily -Mail, has arrived here on the
steamer Sonoma from Sydney. He
will sail to-morrow for the Orient on
the Nippon Maru.
¦0 ' - ¦"
Swallows Dose of Carbolic Acid
Because He Had Been Rep
rimanded by' the Teaeher
Government Will Hereafter
Control All Stations Situated
in the Hawaiian Islands
BOY TIKES HIS
LIFE IN SCHOOL
ANNEXES MANY
LIGHTHOUSES
Will Protect Interests Without Of
•' fending the Warring Nations.
WASHINGTON. > Jan. 5.— Long and
AJIERICA TO BE NEUTRAL.
"The Government .claims that the re
sources and profits have been fictitious
ly increased and that the general ex
pense account, which 'should have been
charged against prorit, has been erron
eously set forth inall advertising mat
ter sent through ihe/mails for the pur
1>ofC of making a* good showing. .We
charge that sales of . ptock on the
strength of this "advertising matter
have been made entirely . under . false
pretenses. The Government's position
is that there is an impairment of capi
tal to the amount' of *.$S7,327, and that
the reports show that the" property op
erated by the- Modei ¦ Company was
$180,890 worse off than the management
represented to stockholders at its an
nual meeting in 1902."
President Frank Jaeger said: '"The
arrest of myself and my brother is
purely spite work. A couple of dissat
isfied stockholders, wished to disrupt
the company. We have made no mis
representations and we •-will - bring
heavy damage suits against some
body."
JUGGLING OF FIGUJtKS.
According to the Federal officers the
following mines and oil wells are in
< luded in the list of those fraudulently
represented in the advertising matter
pent through the mails: McCabe Model.
American Copper and Gold. Jessie
Helen No. 3, Gold Rug, Sink to Rise.
North Model. Alta. McKinley. Helen
No. 2. Copper Queen. Liberty Bell,
Bru«e. Mononolis. H<*rron, Bachelor,
Turn Reed. Copper Crown, Belmpnt,
Jaeper Oil Company, Model Oil Com
pany. Smokeless Briquette Company,
Standard Briquette Company. »¦ ;
Inspector Ketcham said to-day that
he did not make the. - £ claim i tj*at ;th«i
properties were of 'no" value., but that
the representations. as to the earnings
of the properties were fraudulent.,. The
inspector said: " .- ¦•.-'* *,;',. - : .'¦>'¦:'¦¦':<_
"Thvse men have "bejen itslh'g the
mails to make representations about alj
the properties. The only one.-.wliich
our investigation showed had memej*
was the McCabe; mine, near Prescott;
Ariz. , ¦¦ . >. •-..•• i '-¦ •
LIST OF JlIN"i:S AND WELLS.
The arrests wore ordered by the Gov
ernment officials after an inquiry had
been made into the business methods
of the Model Gold Mining Company
and the Jaeger Oil Company, of which
concerns Frank Jaeger is president and
treasurer and John Jaeger secretary.
More than $S00.OOO is involved in the
cape, and the Federal authorities de
clare that .sensational revelations will
be made when the prisoners are ar
ia igned in court.
The brothers were taken before a
United States Commissioner. Their
bonds were fixed at 53000 each and they
were released on bail. At the request
of Frank Jaeger, who paid he intended
leaving Chicago a few hours later with
a party of stockholders to attend the
annual meeting of the company at
Prescott. A. T., Commissioner Foote
continued the hearing of the case to
January 15.
CHICAGO. Jan. 5.— Frank Jaeger and
John Jaeger, well known throughout
the United States as mining stock
brokers and promoters, were arrested
to-day on the complaint of Postoflice
Inspector Ketcham on the charge of
using the mails in a scheme to defraud.
Korea, the charge d'affaires further
declared, would never agree to Russia's
proposal to establish a neutral zone in
Northern Korea, as it would prejudice
the sovereigny of Korea, which is guar
anteed by the Anglo-Chinese treaty. -'
; Advices received from Seoul by . the
charge d'affaires as late as -two 'days
ago did not mention the possibility of
Japan landing troops at Masampho, and
the charge d'affaires did not believe
war would resul 1 . from the present ne
gotiations.
The Korean charge d'affaires, in an
interview, says he has good reason to
believe that the negotiations between
Korea and the United -States, Great
Britain, Japan and Russia, regarding
Wiju and Yongampho, will result in the
opening of those ports at an early date.
Russia, he adds* is still opposing the
opening and a few Russian troops have
occupied Yongampho, but He believes
the negotiations will terminate in a de
cision favorable to the views of Korea
and the. powers esiring the opening of
•the orts.
LONDON. Jan. 5. — The statement
made by the Foreign Office in St. Pe
tersburg to the press to-day regarding
the instructions sent to Viceroy Alex
ieff was communicated to the British
Foreign Office i.nd to the Japanese le
gation here. Both expressed pleasure
at the fact that Russia' had evinced
such a friendly, attitude, but they said
no definite conclusions could be -drawn
until the nature of the counter propo
sals were known. The Japanese lega
tion reiterated that the cardinal points
of the Japanese proposals admitted of
no counter proposals, but said that if
the serious points were included among
those accepted there was a possibility
of reaching a settlement by further ne
gotiations..
Not Disposed to Accept Peace Assu
rances From St. Petersburg.
BKITOXS ARE SKEPTICAL.
"The preparations for the embarka
tion of two divisions of Japanese troops
are continuing actively. It is believed
they will be dispatched to ports in
South Korea to restore order."
Owing to the absence of details re
gai-ding the Russian reply the officials
here are careful not to express an
opinion as to the outcome, but the gen
eral tone of the comment in official
circles is slightly less hopeful. The
most significant feature of a dispatch
from Tokio is the statement that Japan
is hastening fintrl preparations for a
far more, extensive dispatch of troops
to Korea than was at first contem-:
plated. The Government has now de
cided to send an army of 35.000 men,
organized as two divisions, to Korea.
This is- more than double the strength
of the expedition first contemplated,
and requires a large fleet of transports
and extensive arrangements which are
proceeding rapidly , toward completion.
The destination of this army is expect
ed to be Southern Korea, particularly
Fusan and Masampho. The officials
here. at first understood that Russia
would not object to the dispatch of the
expedition, but the magnitude of the
plans begins to raise some doubt as to
whether Russia will acquiesce*. Al
though no positive advices have been
given of the preparations for the dis
patch of this large army the reports
excite some apprehension, as it is said
it may develop into the first outward
act of the impending conflict.
Rumors are in circulation at Mar
seilles that a French naval division,
composed of the armored cruisers Kle-.
ber, Desaix and Admiral Aube and the
turret ship Suffern. is about to receive
orders to sail for the Far East. The
reports, however, cannot be confirmed
here, but there is reason to believe that
the naval authorities are considering
the disposition of the warships in the
event of a warlike turn. in the situation.
This is due mainly to the present small
French naval force in the Pacific, which
is confined to two unimportant vessels.
A dispatch to the Havas Agency from
Tokio to-day says:
The diplomat who gave the press the
foregoing Information expressed him
self as confident that Russia in her re
ply to Japan would give way on. this
vital point. •
Japan, however, saw no reason why
the proposed neutral zone should be
established, holding that the entire
peninsula should be subject to her pre
ponderating influence.
The attitude of Russia is believed to
be due to the one fact that if Japan
control Korea she will thereby be able
to more easily menace Port Arthur as
well as Vladivostok.
/ PARIS. Jan. 5.— It developed to-day
that the greatest difference between
Russia and Japan arises from the pro
posal made by Russia that a neutral
zone shall be established, extending
from Ping Yang, in Korea, on the
south, to the Russian frontier on the
north. The Russian Government has
expressed a willingness to recognize the
preponderating influence of Japan in
the remainder of Korea and the two
powers are agreed respecting the prin
ciple of the integrity of China and of
Korea.
Japan's Intention to Land Army in
Korea May Precipitate Crisis.
LESS HOPEFUL. IX PARIS.
Charged With Fraudulently Misstating
Condition of Properties in Ad
vertising Matter.
A report of an expedition of Russians
against Manchurian highwaymen is
detailed. The engagement took place
along the LJao. The Russians sur
priged the Chinese in a night attack
and killed 200 and wounded as many
more. The Russians sustained a loss of
four killed and ten wounded.
which will continue until March would
make landing of any force impossible.
The correspondent, after noting the ar
rivals of reinforcements and warlike
preparations, says' much anxiety is be
ing felt by Russians because of the
anti-Russian activity on the part of
China.
The Jimnim stated that' the* Tokio
arsenal had received an urgent order
from the military authorities for SO.000
horseshoes. The significance of this
order lies in the fact that the shoes
were not to be of ordinary type, but
sharpened for use in an ice-bound
country. The Japanese warships at
Sfarabo have been docked one after the
other and their bottoms treated with
some special preparation. : .:•
The banks of Japan have been cau-.
tioned by the Government against
making too free loans, as a war loan
might be required by the, authorities.
It was officially announced that the
Japanese Government had decided to
rush construction of the Seoul-Fusan
Railroad in Korea, This was to have
been finished in 1906, but is now ex
pected to be finished by next year. The
road is considered of the highest strat
egical importance.
The Kokumin Shimbun deals at
length with . the financial position of
Japan In regard to war. This paper
says so far from being unfavorable for
belligerent purposes, as generally be
lieved, , the Japanese financial position
Is exceptionally strong.
• A Port Arthur correspondent, writing
in mid-December, says snow covers all
the landscape and- cold,- cutting winds
The newspapers were filled, with re
ports of engagements of transports,
mobilization of troops, stocking with
provisions and other preparations for
war. Some were undoubtedly exagger
ations, but there was no doubt that
Japan was putting the final touches on
her formidable sea and land arma
ments. On "December 24 the Chuwo
reported that the Government had per
emptorily chartered the Chiho Maru,
2300 tons, and that other vessels would
likely be chartered. .;•;¦
VICTORIA, B. C, Jan. 5.— News was
received to-day by the Empress of
Japan, which left Japan on December
25, as follows:
and I^i ud Armaments.
Final Touches Being: Put on the Sen
VRufesia's recent course demonstrates
the [unsatisfactory nature . of present
condition^ The reqecupation of Mouk
den and the continued occupation of
Ta-Tong-Kdw^have. undoubtedly had
the effect of intimidating China and of
preventing lier fulfilling her treaty ob
ligations with the -United States and
Japan with respect to the opening of
those places, to the .commerce of the
world. As regards Korea, it is now
known that the Joint efforts of Great
Britain, the United States and Japan
to open the Yalu' to foreign commerce
were on the ev« of success when the
Russian occupation ..' of ; Yongampho
blocked the plans for the- time being.
These and similar events in Korea and
Manchuria justify the apprehension
that if "affairs be permitted to proceed
uninterruptedly in their present course
a large part of the shores of the Yel
low Sea, not to mention the interior of
Manchuria, will be closed to the com
merce of the civilized world. It is of
vital importance to Japan that this
should not occur, and it is plain that
the final issue depends solt-ly upon
Russia's willingness to recognize this
fact." • .
EXCITEMENT IX JAPAN.
' " It. js difficult to perceive how Japan
cnuld possibly accept this proposal. To
eonse]fir'fo the indefinite prolongation
of Russia's stay upon the borders of
Korea and the neutralization ct nearly
one-third of the latter's territory would
bh 5v'*atitl.'/rnenace to the independence
•of 'Kor&a; which Japan must defend at
all COBts\ as \he safety of th-=> peninsula,
Vhlch is the' outpost of her line of de
fense, Isjndispensable^to Japan's own
re.pose and security.
v' "As /otvMapctouria, Japan conjointly
with other powers is entitled to the en
joyment of the rights and immunities
secured by treaty with Qhina, which it
irjnild^^be impossible to leave to the
caprjee of "a tKird power.
"Russia's reply has evidently been
a surprise and a disappointment to Ja
pan. It is now generally understood
that Russia has virtually refused to
discuss the situation in Manchuria, and
has proposed something in the nature
of a neutral .zone in Northern Korea,
on the Manchurian frontier, extending
as far as Wongtan on the east and
Pingyang on the west.
Statement of Tokio Government's
Position in the Controversy.
NEW TORK, Jan. 5. — The Associated
Pr,ess has been supplied with the fol
lowing statement of Japan's view of
its present contention with Russia by
one who is in constant communication
with Tokio and whose knowledge of
Japanese affairs and Intimacy with
prominent Japanese give weight to his
opinion:
"The negotiations between Russia
and Japan have reached a critical
stage, although an. amicable 'adjust
ment is still possible. Russia's reply
to Japan's latest representations will
decide the issue. While neither Gov
ernment has taken the public into its
confidence, it is .not difficult to sur
mise the general tenor of the . views
which the Japanese Government would
express. Something in the nature, of
bh agreement between the two govern
ments, whereby they bind th'emselves
to respect the independence and terrir
torial integrity of both China and Ko
rea, would naturally come first. Such
an agreement would probably include
also mutual recognition of the special
interests of Russia in Manchuria and
frf Japan in Korea, coupled with an
agreement based on the principles of
equality of all nations as regards com
mercial opportunities in those coun
tries; that neither contracting party
shall interfere with the commercial
rights of the other acquired by treaty
with China or Korea. In a word, it is
probably the fact that Japan has asked
no more of Russia than confirmation
by international compact of declara
tions repeatedly and unequivocally
mado by Russia herself regarding the
unselfish nature of her motives with
reference to Manchuria.
JAPAN'S SIDE OF CASE.
Well-Known Brokers Fall
Under Ban of Fed
eral Officials.
Jaeger Brothers Ac
cused of Misuse
of Mails,
Quiet prevails here, but the palace is. heavily guarded by the
Korean army.
The movements, of the Japanese troops and fleet are unknown
here. The attitude of the Korean Government is unchanged.
Anxiety is shown as to what may occur on the arrival of the
Japanese troops.
PROMOTERS
OF MINES
ARRESTED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 6, 1904
Continued From Pago 1, Columns 5 and 6.
INVASION OF KOREA WILL MEAN WAR;
OUTBREAK IN THE BALKANS IS FEARED;
AMERICAN MARINES HURRY TO SEOUL
Miss , Elolsc Jackson Is. -Engaged.
ROME, Jan. 5.— The engagement
is announced of Miss Eloise Gregor
Jackson, daughter of Mrs. John P.
Jackson'.. of r Washington, . to Demihg
Jaives' of Boston and Santa Barbara,
Cal.
War Correspondent En Route.jV..]
HONOLULU, Jan. 5.—F. A. McKdn-
2
DR.* SHOOP'S REMEDIES.
Dr. Shoop's Rheumatic Cnra
Costs Nothing if It Fails.
\ny honest person who suffrr* from Ithe<e
was rewarded. I found a costly chemK-al that
did n>t dlsapjxjint me ast otbor Rheumatic pre-
scriptions ha'l dliaoD-smted phyaiciana every -
Wl i e do' not mean that Dr. Snoop- • niwumatio
Cure can turn beny joints into flesh again.
That is impossible. But It will drive from th«
blood ih« poison that causes pain and ¦well-
inr" and then that W» the end of Rheumatism.
I know this .«o well that I will furnish for a
full mont.'» my UheunuUlc Cure on trial. I
cannot cure all cases within a monta. It
would be unreasonable to «x»»ct that. f*»l
mo«t cases will yle^l . within 3O days. This
trial treatment will convince you that Dr.
Shocp'a Rheumatic Cure is a power a*alnst
RheumatUm— a potent . force atalnst diseaso
that is Irresi3tibie. V
My offer la made to convince you of my
faith Mv faith Is ' but the outcome of ex-
perience — of actual knowledge. 1 know wha'.
It c*n do. • And 1 know this so well that I
will furnish my remedy on trial. Simply write
me a pcatal for my book on Rheumatism. I
will then arrange with a drugzist in your
vicinity *o that you can ««cure six bottle*. of
Dr Shoop's Rheumatic Cure to make the test.
You may take It a full month on trial. If It
.ucce^da the c 0St , 0 you h. *5 UK If It falls
the lo«» is mine and mine alone. It will b«
left tntlrely to you. I mean that exactly, i
don't expect a penny from you.-
Write ms and I -wllj senrt y t ou the book. Try
my remedy for a month. If it fails the loss is
111 Address Dr. Shoop. Box 9C0. Racine, Wls.
Mild cases not chronic are oftrn cured by
one or two bottlea. Atall druggists'.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
iS A GREAT nESTORATTVE. 1NVIQORA-
¦^tor and Nenrtne. .v •*••..;.¦>
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic tor the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedies for Diseases or tb«
Kidneys and Bladder. Sells on lt» own raerlu.
NABEK. ALFS & BRUNE, Agents.
323 Market st.. S. F.— (Send for Circulars).
S/ffg^Z&iJ! MENANOWCMElt.
«&GgJ^Ctt£»'%5fl C»e Big O for unnatural
ttjSST to lt»t *»t»J>3 • disch»rgr»«, inflammation*.
fffySr Oivuie«l u irritations or uSccr»tlooj
H*~$ MittKitawm. of m neons m«iabrsnr«.
g*" •? Fmwti c»»t»«t«». Piin'.ess, and not Mtria.
KTITHEEYIJISChEMXAIXO. gsnt or powonous.
V*&\ C1KC;H!UT1,O. JR3I S«ia hy DrnszUU.
\SWww C &• *• 2ukfl or ** nt in * Il1n wrippur.
_^«Cr31 b7 «xpr»«s. prepaid, tat
*£f&-'jBSS££?Zrto •1-00. or 3 bottles S2.74.
-^ft* ¦iftfr*r*r m . circular tecs «• W%— tfc
JNO. J. FULTON CO.
Bright's Disease and
Diabetes News.
SAN FRANCISCO. JAN. 4. 1S04— THE
day after Christmas Mr. John Whrlan
of this city, formerly a resident of Ukiah,
Cal.. called at the office of the Jno. J. |
Fulton Co. to say that he had been ad- !
vised that the cure for Brieht's Disease
had been discovered and that he had a
friend in Ukiah who had the disease
and xi as at last accounts so far along
with it that he feared it might be too
late. At any rate he wanted full litera-
ture sent him and a personal letter say-
ing that it had been sent at his
(Whelan's) suggestion. Pamphlets an<*.
a Jetter as requested -were put in the
mails the same day.
On Dec«ralxr 2Sth we received the
following: prompt reply:
Ukiah. D«c. 2S. 1903.
JNO. J. FULTON' CO.— Dear Sirs: I am in
receipt of your letter F'.atts; that my old friend
Whelcn wUhfj you to cend rne your pam-
phletc on the cure of Bright'* Disease and Dla-
betc*. I thank you both, but will say in reply
that . I 'heard, of It Ions ««o, procured Jt and
tock about tony bottlea. I have not taken any
fur about ten months, as I feel now that I am
about well. Yours very truly.
J. M. GATTRELL.
We wrote In reply December 29th
SLskin^if'^e could publish his letter. He
replied January 1: "I have no objections,
for. I would certainly recommend it to
any one afflicted with Bright's Disease or
Diabetes."
We again announce to the- world the
curability of Bright's Disease and Dia-
betes in about nine-tenths of all cases.
Do not let prejudice prevent your life
being saved. Send for literature and list
of agents to Jno. J. Fulton Co., 409
Waohinpton street, San Francisco. Save
a sick friend by mailing him this. notice;
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. rAH
drusetsts refund the money If It falls to eur«
E. W. Grove's signature Is on each box. 25c. •
To Cure a Cold in One. Day.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Dyspepsia
1 Don't think yV3u con cure yocr dyspepsia
in 'any other way than b7 strengthening
and toning your stomach. *
That is weak and incapable of performing
Its functions, probably because you have
Imposed upon it in one way or another over
and over again.
You should take
Hood'sSarsaparilla
It strengthens and tones the stomach,
and permanently cares dyspepsia and all
stomach troubles. Accept no substitute.PHILADELPHIA. Jan. 5.— Th- Republican
of th* Third Consre«Ion«l District to-day nom
iratrd Gforpe A. Ca«or of this city to succeed
the latt Ccnsret*man Henry Buric. Republican.
SAN ; JOSE. Jan. 5.— Through the efforts of
the fruit growers of the .valley the Board of
Suvervisori! to-day refused to pass tht propesed
ordinance ' creatinsr the office of ; county boiler
inspector.
TOPEKA. Kan . Jan. 5. — The Republican
State Committed met to-night and decided to
hold the i next Republican State . convention at
Wichita.' on March 9.
PENSACOLA, Fla.. Jan. a.— The At
lantic training squadron, composed of
the Minneapolis. Columbia, Yankee and
Hartford, received orders to-day from
Washington to proceed without delay
to Guantanamo. where further orders
would await its arrival. The opinion
prevails among the officers that. the
fleet will; be ordered from Guantanamo
to Panama.
More Ships for the Isthmus.
VALLEJO, Jan. 5. — -In response to
requests from various citizens the
Mayor has appointed the following
committee to \isit and inspect all
places of amusement, churches and
other places of public assemblage to
ascertain if proper precautions have
been taken in case of fire or other ac
cidents: Chief of; Police, health of
ficer, president of the Board of Edu
cation, City Engineer and the Mayor.
Vallejo Will Take Precautions.
PHILADELPHIA, Jan. 5.— Acting
on the preliminary report of the com
mission of experts appointed to in
spect the theaters of the city, Mayor
Weaver to-day ordered the Lyceum
Theater. a vaudeville playhouse,
closed. The Mayor also ordered the
balcony and gallery of the Kensington
Theater and the balcony of the Grand
Opera-house closed on account of in
adequacy of the exits. Mayor Weaver
has signified his intention to take im
mediate action upon the suggestion of
the commission with regard to other
theatei*s.
Philadelphia Theaters Arc Closed.
•There can be no question of imme
diately releasing these men. because
they were arrested in accordance, with
a judicial decision growing out of al
leged complicity in frauds committed
under the Government of former
President Sam. The arrival of the
German and French cruiser3 at Port
au Prince i«, as I understand it, due
to an attempt on the part of Germany
and France to obtain a commutation
of the sentences imposed on the for
mer bank officials."
PARIS, Jan. 5.— M. Jean-Joseph,
the Haytian Minister here, gave an ex
planation to-day of tlie question which
has arisen between Hayti and France
and Germany relative to the demands
made for the release of the director
and other officials o,f the Nationa!
Bank of Heyti, charged with com
plicity in the issue early last year of
S200.000 in fraudulent securities. The
Minister said:
Haitian Minister Explains the Pres
ence of French and German Cruis
ers at Port an Prince.
WARSHIPS BACK UP DEMAND
FOR RELEASE OP PRISONERS
WASHINGTON, Jan. 5.— Philippe
Bunau-Varllla, the Minister from Pan
ama, and the joint signer nitn Secre
tary Hay of the canal treaty, will, re
sign his cilice after the exchange ,,[
ratifications of the treaty between the
Washington and Panama governments.
It is said his successor Will be Arose
mena, a prominent lawyer of Panama,
whose son is now secretary of legation
here. Bunau-Varilla probably will go
to Paris after his resignation.
Him as Panamaian Minister.
Aroscmena Probably Will Succeed
BUXAU-VARILLA TO RESIGN.
Oregon — George O. Friend. Klngsley, bolster
attachment; Augustus o. Reopsto. Blachly.
assignor to E. C. Atkins & Co.. Indianapolis.
Ind.. ticage gauge for saws; John H. Van
dsver. assignor of half to W. R. Wells. Olalla,
gate hinge.
Washington — Henry Duffey. Seattle, third
rail cover: same, third rail protector: Luther
Elnarson, Seattle, means for facilitating cast
ing: and drawin* fish nets: Herman Fe*en
feld. HoqUlam. marlin spike; John Mueller.
Seattle: malt turner and aerater; John P. Ol
son, near Tacoma. rake gauge and pointer.
California — Frank H. Bates, Sjan Francisco,
generating iras; Walter J. Bell, assignor one
half to I.. F. Mom. Los Angele*. street railwav
switch; William C. Booth. Elmhurst. burial
casket: James M. lirowninj: Jr., Corona, solar
heater: Joseph C Christensen. Santa Rosa,
garment fastener; John W. Collier. Riverside,
turner for *he«t music; Jolm F. Connell. as
signor or.e-l:alf to W. II. Stlmson, Los An
geles, aDparatus for supplying hot water and
steam: -William F.. and J. Drtschman. S»n
Francisco, mechanical door opening or closing
device: John H. Griswold. Oakland, dish wash
ing machine; Charlea A. Hammell. Los An
geleg. hydro carbon burner: W. W. Montague,
San Francisco, and C. D. He'.wis. Kansas City.
Mo.. Montague assignor to Helwig. stove: John
Hcey. San Francisco, betl or couth bottom;
Charles L. Hojrue, San Franetsco. optome
trist's trial lrame: Thomas J. Hubbell. a*-
Bignor three-elevenths to H. C Norris and C.
K. Xorton. Los Anceles. combined cultivator,
weeder and lurrtw-maker: Alexis D. Erving.
Los Ansrele?, combined telephone support and
z\oie Da per supply device: John T. Jardine.
Paso F.obles. self-adjusting grain ehoe; John
A. Langstroth, Oakland, wave motor: Melville
M. Moore Sr.. Santa Barbara, lifting jack;
Jane Robbert. San Francisco, appliance fcr
drafting garments: William H. Smyth and
A. B. Bowtre. San Francisco, drediclng; ma
chine: Louis R. Tullcch. Angels Camp, con
centrator; sniEe. stamp mill attachment: Wil
liam V. Wadswoith. Sutler City, cleve brake;
¦lames A. U'aekley. assignor to O. A. Hamm*I.
Ixis Anceles, hydro-carbon burner; Ralzh O.
Whitlock. Los An?ele», device for holding or
binding loorie or removable sheets or paper;
Herman vrolke, San Francisco, turblnt. «
WASHINGTON*. D. C, Jan. 5. — Fourth-claa*'
postmaitt«T3 appointed: California — Maria L.
Damand, Bend. Tehama County, vice Curtis l.\
Damon, resigned. Oregon — Lewis y. Banzer,
Hudson, Columbia County, vice Susan A. Ever
rnan. resigned. Washington— J. T. I'oindester,
Camas, Clark County, vice E. Hadley, resigned.
Army ordeis — Captain Salmon F. Dutton.
commissary, is relieved from duty as assistant
to the purcbastr.f; commissary at Pan FrancU
<t> ancTordered to New York: First Lieutenant
John R. Slattery, eitfclneer. go?s to San Fran
cisco as assistant to the engineer of tho
Twelfth liththoure district; Lieutenant Slai
tery v.-Ul take station at Honolulu. It necessary.
The following- patents were Issued to-day.
Several Changes of Minor Importance
Arc Made in the Postal Service and
More Patents Issued.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
ACTION* IX LOS AXGELES.
OfficiAls Demand That Theaters Have
More Exits or Close.
LOS ANGELES. Jan. 5. — Aroussd
by the Chicago theater disaster, the
city authorities here have inaugur
ated a crusade to compel the theater
managers to provide better protection
for their patrons. After a thorough
inspection of the various theaters of
the city Building Inspector Kraus has
ordered the lessees of the Grand and
Orpheum theaters to provide better
exit facilities or close the houses
within twenty-four hours. The man
agers of the houses promised to put
forces of men at work immediately to
construct additional exits.
The investigation disclosed that
FOLLOW CHICAGO fire
only one theater in the city is fitted
with an asbestos curtain. An order
was at once issued to the managers of
all the houses to at on<*» comply
with this regulation or have their
houses closed.
Mother Learns or the Escape or
Daughters From Fire.
SANTA CRUZ, Jan. 5. — Mrs. Laura
Fagen of this city, is very happy over
the news she received to-day from her
SAXTA CRUZ GFRLS SAFE.
two- daughters in Clricago about their
miraculous escape from the Iroquois
Theater fire. The Misses Fagen had
tickets ior the play on the fatal after
noon and arrived late at the theater
entrance, where they met son??
friends, who. not being able to get
tickets. . suggested to the Misses Fa
gen that they give up going to tha
performance that afternoon, but go
with them to Jackson Park.
The Misses Fagen allowed them
selves to be persuaded and going to
the box office tried to have their tick
ets extended, and while they were in
conversation with the ticket seller the
rush from the tneater bejan and the
party was carried out into the street
by the frenzied people behind them
escaping from the flames.
Orders Report Upon the Condition of
Washington Theaters.
SEXATE TO SAFEGUARD LIFE.
WASHINGTON'. Jan. 5. — When th«
Senate met to-day Hale introduced a
resolution requiring the Commission
era of the District of Columbia to re
port upon the condition of theaters in
Washington. It was agreed to with
out debate.
In the House the following resolu
tion offered by Emerick of Illinois
was agreed to:
Be it Resolved. By the House of Represen
tative* of t>*« United States of America, that
the t*nd>r and sincere symoathy of this bodv
be extended to th« etrtcken citizens cf th«
city of Chlcaro and elsewhere in tb«4r sail
bereavement and desolation. Be it also
Resslved, That the sheckin*; calamity which
ha* lately occurred in the city of Chicago has
appaJled tha entire country, and this House,
on behalf of tfc* Deople of tht United States.
Is £eoDlv sensible of the sorrow and despair
caused by this frightful disaster, and sincerely
t-ondotes witir the stricken and thos* bereared
through tke loss of loved one*. Be it farther
Resolved. That a copy of these resolution*
duly authorized fcy th» Speaker and cl?rk «f
the House, be transmitted to the Mayor of th»
city of Chlcaso.
SACRAMENTO. Jan. 5.— John Welch. ct?n
victed of burglary for havinr broken tnto * car
penter' • shtp and stolen a lot of toolt. was to
day sentence ! to spend four years In th« peni
tentiary at Fo'som.
"It is intimated that the purchase of
the Alton by the Union Pacific may not
in any .way interfere with the plans
suggested for the close ( affiliation of the
former with the Kansas City South
ern."
"The Alton will be used to afford the
Union Pacific and the Southern Pacific
a direct Chicago outlet and the head
quarters of the entire system may be
move<i to this city.
OMAHA, Xebr., Jan. 5. — It was semi
officially stated to-day that E. H. Har
rimah will become president of the
Union Pacific Railroad, to succeed Hor
ace G. Burt, whose resignation was
recently announced. A general man
ager will be named who will be the
actual head of the affairs of the road,
with headquarters in Omaha. The road
will be operated by a method similar
to that in vogue on the Southern Pa
cific Railroad. Harriman's Incumbency,
it' is said, will be -for one year, at the
and of which period his permanent suc
cessor. Jf any, will be named.
President Burt, when asked if it were
true that Mr. Harriman would succeed
him as president of the Union Pacific,
said he had no official information to
that effect, nor had he been informed
of any intended action of the board of
directors. Another official at the Union
Pacific headquarters, however, ex
pressed the belief that Harriman would
in the future direct the affairs of the
road and that the active head would
be a vice president or general manager.
CHICAGO." Jan. 5.— The Post says:
"According to reliable authority the
Chicago and Alton- will be sold to the
Union Pacific This* was the subject
of the KuhnrLoeb circular asking for
the deposit of stock to facilitate the
sale of the road. The response to the
request for the deposit of stock has
been so general as to insure the suc
cess of tha deal.
According" to Reliable Au
thority the Chicago and" Al
ton Line Is to Be Purchased
That many places of worship in Chi
cago are not entirely safe from a fire
disaster such as occurred in the Iro
quoia ; Theater is now'; admitted by
church trustees. The first step has been
taken by the Hyde Park Baptist Church
to " obtain /_•' improved' conditions. The
board of trustees at a meeting has de-
MANY CHURCHES UNSAFE.
Life insurance companies object to
the statement of the Coroner that no
verdict will be rendered after the in
quest, claiming that large sums of
money in insurance on lives of those
who perished in the theater fire depend
for their payment upon the verdict of
the Coroner's jury and attorneys for
the relatives of those who died declare
that a verdict should be given in each
particular case of death in order that
collection of insurance may be pos
sible.
Evidence showing grosser criminal
neglect -than anything previously de
veloped was given under oaf h to-day
in the Fire Department investigation.
Joseph Daugherty, who aad charge of
the curtain, swore that two w*eks ago.
during a matinee performance, there
was a fire on the stags and 'when he
attempted to lower the asbestos curtain
It was stopped by the same obstruction
that prevented . its operation last
Wednesday, the fatal afternoon.
The curtain manager declared that
he protested at that time, but that no
attention was paid to his warning.' In
his opinion, if the curtain had been
run down during the. Wednesday mati
nee the lives of many. If not all, of the
victims of the disaster might have been
saved. It was only by the merest
chance that a panic was averted as
the result of the first fire. The skylight
at that time, he said, was securely
closed.
WILIj AFFECT INSURANCE.
"I wish it understood," he said, "that
this is not a trial, but simply an in
auiry to determine the facts of the
fire, as far as we can. The Coroner's
jury will not attempt to fix the blame
for the fire upon anybody, nor will it
recommend the punishment of anybody.
It will simply report on the facts as
it shall have been able to gather them
.and the rest of the work will be left
for the S&te's Attorney, Jf it be found
that there is anything for him to do."
According to the managers of the
local theaters the closing of the play
houses in this city has disarranged the
theatrical business of the entire coun
try. Companies that have been booked
for this city for the next fortnight are
: either suspended or are being sent to
other cities, thus forcing: other com
panies to change their routes.
Attorneys for the Fuller Company
took Jones, who had been sought by
the police for several days, to the Fire
Department. It had been charged that
Jones and his men broke the skylights
on the theater after the fire in order to
destroy possible evidence. It developed
to-day after the arrest of Jones and his
men that the skylights were blocked by
scantlings and tied with wire to pre
vent their opening and that neither of
them had been opened since the theater
was built.
Jones In making his statement to the
Fire»Department said:
"I took the three ironworkers with
me up through an adjoining building
and out upon the theater roof over the
stage. First I removed the wooden
scantlings which blocked the skylights.
Then I found «he lights tied with wire
mside and broke two panes of glass to
get at the wires to untie them. I finally
~ot the wires off and opened the
fight?."
WITNESS BECOMES CONFUSED.
Jones was asked why he went to the
roof of the theater and replied that he
had been told that the north wall had
cracked in the fire and went to see if it
were true. He declared he had loosened
the skylights because he feared they
intent- fall through and injure some
body on the stage.
"Why did you take three ironworkers
with you to inspect a brick wall?"
asked Attorney Fulkerson of the Fire
Department.
Jones was confused, but finally an
swered that the men went with him
through curiosity.
Numerous witnesses who were in ad
joining buildings overlooking the # the
ater testified that the skylights were
net open during the fire.
Coroner Traeger said to-night that
he was almost ready for the inquest,
which will commence Thursday morn
ing.
Aldernian Friestedt declared:
"Some of the leading theaters in Chi
¦cago cannot conform to the ordinances
unless they are entirely rebuilt, and
they, may find it too expensive to make
the changes. I do not believe more than
35 per cent of them will ever open again
anyhow." ' ,.'. :
POLICE MAKE FOUR ARRESTS.
Late this afternoon the attorneys of
the Fire Department caused the arrest
of four employes of the Fuller Con
struction Company — David Jones, a
masonry foreman, and Angus McKay,
Otto Rausch and John Kingston, iron
workers.
CHICAGO, Jan. 3.— The special com
mittee, composed of the members of
the City Council, appointed last night
to investigate the condition of the local
theaters and report upon what altera
tions are necessary to make them con
form to the building ordinances held its
first meeting to-day.
According to the statement of Alder
man Friestedt, one of the members of
the committee, it is doubtful if 35 per
cent of the theaters ever will reopen
their doors. Strict adherence to the
building laws would require that every
one of the playhouses in the city be of
fireproof construction and would
require the demolition and rebuilding
of the majority of the theaters. Alder
man Jones, chairman of the committee,
said to-night:
"We will first revise the buildinr or
dinances. Then we will visit the the
aters and decide what alterations will
be necessary to make the construction
of the house confonn to the law. Of
course, the owners .of theaters will do
nothing until they know Just exactly
what the city aldermen will demand
of them, but they will be obliged to re
construct their theaters to conform
with the ordinances."
The first damage suit against the
proprietors of the Iroquois Theater and
the city of Chicago growing out of the
fire has been filed by Ivy Owens, as
administrator of the estates of Miss
Amy Owens and Mr*. Frances E. Ow
ens, her mother. The action is for the
recovery of $10,000 damages and is di
rected against the Iroquois Theater
Company, the city of Chicago and Will
J. Davis and Harry J. Powers, man
agers of the theater. Miss Owens was
a teacher in the public schools.
cided to write to Mayor Harrison and
ask him to have a competent building
inspector examine the church.
WILL HAVE AN ASSISTANT
Statement Is Made That Rail
road 3Iagnate Is to Become
President of 'Union Pacific
.WASHINGTON. Jan. 5.—Practical
ly ;he entire session of the Senate to
day was devoted to a speech by Lodge
on the- situation on the isthmus of
Panama
Lodgo began his speech on Panama
by quoting a number of authorities in
support of his position that the Presi
dent flkd not departed from the beaten
paths in recognizing the independence
of Panama. Lodg<? laid down the gen
eral proposition that *"a revolted state
may be recognized as sovereign or in-
A> pendent by a neutral power without
departing from Its attitude of neutral
ity." He also contended that such an
act could not be construed as provok
ing war.
Lodge contended that it was estab
lished that a new state should be rec
ognized whenever a new state were
sufficiently established to assume inter
national obligations and whenever rec
ognition formed the dictates of pru
dence and good policy. He also laid
down as a general rule observed by the
United States the fact that a de facto
Government was the de jure Govern
n.«>nt. He contended that the recogni
tion of any state was one to be deter
mined entirely by the recognizing
power — by its inclination a.nd judgment,
independent of all other considerations.
Many instances in which recognition
had been purely executive were cited
and the Senator asserted that Presi
dent Taylor had prepared to recognize
th- independence of Hungary before a
Government had been established.
Replying to the objection that the
President had gone beyond his author
ity in nominating a. Minister to Pan
ama Lodge quoted a numbfr of in
stances to show that the early Presi
dents mad? nomination? to other coun
tries for which Congress had made no
provision.
BOGOTAS DOUBLE DEALING.
The Senator discussed at length the
action of President Roosevelt in con
nection with th» Panama revolt. He
said that the act of Congress had been
an instruction to secure a canal at a
certain point. No objection had been
made to the Hay-Herran treaty, except
that too great concessions had been
rr.ade. to Colombia, and. notwithstand
ing these concessions, the treaty had
be^n summarily rejected by the Colom
bian <*on«:ress. Colombia had from the
start nought to secure more money for
the canal ncht. Lodge asserted, and
h» quoted Minister Beaupres corre
pr>cr.cience !n support of this statement.
Not onlv had there been an effort to
secure more from the United States,
bet there also was an attempt to
' squeez-" the Panama Canal Company.
This wa« the attitude of the Colom
bian Government, he said, and he
•al>d attention to the fact that that
[>.v«r'T,or.r had talrfn that nositicn
after asking the United States to enter
into the negotiation of the treaty.
Lodge aliv,- referred to the effort on
the part of Colombia to obtain a prom
ise from Germany and Great Britain
to take up the canal prelect. Lodge
dwelt at some length on this incident,
declaring that the invitation tothe Eu
ropean powers to build a canal on the
western hemisphere by a people whose
very existence depended upon the main
tenance of the Monroe doctrine was
very extraordinary.
MORGAN* ASKS A QUESTION".
Lodge read from a speech made by
Morgan in the Fifty-seventh Congress,
protesting against the ratification of
the treaty with Colombia. Morgan con
strued Lodge's action to be an infer
ence that he (Morgan) had altered his
views concerning the rights of Panama
to th» proceeds of the sale of the ca
nal concession. Explaining that ne had
not changed fn any particular his views
on the matter. Morgan snid he sup
posed the speech had been brought into
debate for the purpose of reproaching
him. He then asked Lodge:
"In the absence of any agreement
with condemned felons in France con
stituting the Panama Canal Company,
would you be willing now to take this
$40,000,000 to be paid by the United
States and give it to the republic of
Panama?"
Lodge answered that he would not be
willing to so divert money which he be
lieved to belong rightfully to the Pan
ama Canal Company.
Taking up the events immediately
preceding recognition, he asserted that
Minister Beaupre had reported that the
revolution was supposed at Bogota to
have broken out on October 31. As early
as May all the world had known that
revolution was impending if th» treaty
were not ratified. Those reports, of
course, had come to the ears of the
President, and the Senator asserted
that if the President had not taken pre
cautionary measures he would have
been in the highest degree censurable.
The precaution had resulted in the
presence of only one United States ves
sel at Colon and the utmost impartial
ity had been shown by the American of
ficials there. As a matter of fact, there
had b?en no war in Panama. On the
contrary, peace had been preserved and
the result had been that the new repub
lic was established without bloodshed,
except the killing of one me-..
ALL AMERICANS INTERESTED.
Ix)dge declared the question involved
to be an American question and one in
which the whole American people were
deeply interested. The canal, he said,
gave us an interest in the isthmus
which could not be overestimated. It
gave us practically a continuous coast
Ire- Colombia to Maine and he did not
believe Colombia should stand across
the pathway cf the progress of the
world. For the life of hi '.. - could not
Senator Declares That the Right to Recognize the Independence
of a New Nation Rests Solely With the President and
Welcomes Democratic Opposition to Efforts to Build the Canal
Gorman askeel for immediate con
sideration of the resolution, but upon
Allison's objection it went over.
Fourth — Also that he will Inform the Senate
of the dates when and circumstances under
which the United States has intervened in the
Internal a.talrs of New Granada or Colombia
by military force in aid of a revolt or rebel
lion or disturbance of the peace therein, or to
suppress such revolt, rebellion or disturbance.
Fifth — And also to inform the Senate which
wcrds. if any, in the treaty of 1846, authorized
the United States, in the opinion of the Pres
ident, to enter by military force and uninvited
Into a territorial Jurisprudence of New Granada
or Colombia, in order to prevent the Interrup
tion or embarrassment of free traffic across
the isthmus.
Third — And also to inform the Senate in
which. If any. cf the disturbances on the isth
mus of Panama referred to by the President
In his last annual passage the United States
intervened, by the employment of military
fcrce, sole'.y on its own Initiative, and unin
vited by the Government owning the Isthmus,
and also to Inform the Senate of the circum
stances in each case which required such In
tervention, and transmit copies of the orders
issued by the Navy Department for such pur
pose. .
First — The date when and the circumstances
under which the United States intervened for
in* flrtt time and each succeeding time, with
a military force, in the Internal affalrt of New
Granada, or Colombia, under the treaty uf
JS46. whether such Intervention nu on the
initiative cf the United States or by the re
quest of New Granada, or Colombia, or In
consequence of any official representation of
either, and also to tranvnit to the Senate cop
ies of the letters or notes in the Department
of State and of the- orders by the Navy De
partment relating to such intervention.
Second— Also to inform the Senate whether
or not the United States has been aaked by
New Granada, or Colombia, or any of the rep
resentatives of either, to execute by armed
rorce either the guarantee of the neutrality of
the Isthmus or of the sovereignty or New
Granada, or Colombia, over the same, and if
the United Stat«s hat .been so asked, then the
dates and circumstances thereof, and to send
to the Senate copies of the letters or notes In
each case, conveying the application, and what
was dene thereunder by the United States.
Presents Resolution Intended to Em
barrass the Administration.
WASHINGTON", Jan. 5. — Senator
Gorman to-day introduced the fol
lowing resolution:
Resolved. Tfcat the President b« requested if
not. in his judgment, incompatible with the
public Interest, to Inform the Senate:
GO H.MAX DOING POLITICS.
I thought of what a, pleasure '.I would be
to contrast the policy which tried to set up>
Uliuokalanl In Hawaii with the policy of the
Republican party, which has made those Isl
ands a part of ihe United State*; to contrast
the tariff which they passed and whjch their
own President called the tariff of perfidy and
dishonor, with the tariff we passed: to exam
ine the history of the loans which they made
in a time of profound peace to the bankers of
New York, with an interest rate far above
what th? United States could borrow at even
then, ami contrast them with the loans which
we made in time of war: and then compare
that era of panic and depression with the
prosperity which followed.
We can fay what we want about the silver
issue, but It was a better issue for the Dem
ocratic party to meet the country on than the
one cone before: and when I saw the accounts
of thi« delightful banquet in New York and
read those inspiring speeches and observed the
Democratic party ence more through its
cboeen leaders there preparing to stand across
the pathway of American progress and propos
ing to nut at their head the man who held
power last in their name. I confess my spirits
roi»« higher than ever about the Republican
prospects.
And 1 look forward with great interest and
«reat pleasure to the picture that was drawn
at that dinner by the Secretary of State when
he euloeiied the last Democratic President.
Apparently In twenty years he is the only
canuidtte they fan produce, and Mr. Olney
" Mms to think he is the only one they can
run. A\ naiever his strength, or whatever his
weakness. I cannot refrain from saying that
hie nomination would present me at least with
one great source of pleasure. His administration
has never been discussed. I do not regard the
Democratic party — mid I suppose this Is a.
parUsax. remark, but I shall make It — a« al
ways abounding; In g-nod sense, but they ha<l
too much sense to fight the campaign of lSfrti
on Mr. Cleveland's administration. They re
pudiated him and his administration and we
are deprived of the opportunity of dlscuss
inc it. i
MISTAKES OF CLEVELAND.
Needles* war with Spain'. Mr. President. I
am Inclined to think that adjective was well
chosen. If, when the first «t!rrings for Inde
pendence had come on that island the adminis
tration of Mr. Cleveland had behaved with
sense and courage; if they had told Spain
that the time had come when the United States
could no longer hold back and that Cuba must
be free. 1 beiieved then and fcelleve now that
OJba would have obtained her Independence
perhaps after scraa protracted negotiations, but
without any war between us. 1 have always
believed that if that administration, instead cf
taking counsel with the Minister of Spain and
with a great bugar planter in Cuba, had been
guided by a sound, brave American spirit be
rct-e fcpain had squandered blood and treasur*
In the island, we might, indeed, have been
saved from the war.
Among ethers present vaf a very distin
guished citizen of my own State, whom 1 am
\ery proud and happy to call my personal
friend. 1 very rarely agree with him on any
political question, but he made a statement
last n'.grht with which I think 1 am In more or
!es» agreement. He refeired In a picturesque
way to the dreadful career that haa been run
by the Republican party elnce It cam- into
power in ibOi!. He said it had passed from a
needless war with Spain to a canton war with
Colombia.
see the wisdom of the course of some
of the Democrats in this instance. As
a Republican he would like no better
issue in the pending Presidential cam
paign than the Panama canal, but as
an American he would regret a division
on this important question.
Lodg-e spoke of the McClellan banquet
in New York last night, ¦: ring:
Buildings Not of Fireproof Construction Must Be Rebuilt, and;
It Is Estimated That Not More Than Thirty-five Per Cent of the
Present Playhouses Will Ever Reopen Their Doors to the Public
HARRIMAN MAY
SUCCEED BURT
LODGE DEFENDS ADMINISTRATION'S
ATTITUDE TOWARD PANAMA REPUBLIC
MAYOR'S ORDER MEANS PERMANENT
CLOSING OF MANY CHICAGO THEATERS
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL. WEDNESDAY. JANUARY C, 1904.
3
ROOS BR05.
Signal Reductions
NOW RULE IN MANY LINES OF
Our Winter
Clothing for Men
G.THE WINTER is not half gone yet —
there arc plenty of cold days coming, when
you will feel the need of a good warm Suit
H BETTER NOT WAIT any longer,
but let us fit you out with your Winter
Clothes now. Here are right values at
right prices
WINTER BUSINESS SUITS
DRESS OVERCOATS
FANCY BELT OVERCOATS
ENGLISH PALETOTS
RAIN COATS OF ALL KINDS
SEASONABLE UiNDERWEAR
CROSS' ENGLISH GLOVES
CL EVERYTHING YOU NEED from'
head to feet- — except shoes
ROOS BROS.
K EAR NY AT POST
SeAoois and CoilG^cs<
LEADING BLS1XESS COLLEGE OF THE
WEST. 2« Pcti «t.. San FrmncUco. Cat.
EstAtt'.Ubed 40 year* Cnec entire )w.
Writ* tor s:;--»-.ra:ed c«:&lsra« i'.rtt).
If all goods were good au
ail trade were fair, Schilling':
Best and the dealing would b'.
no surprise.
At y-J-r f KMeytacJl
ADVEETISEMENTS.
/ ' / */i 'As « s~ ' I j^^^$^"* HfijCuf
The Clothes Question
Did you ever seriously consider whether or
not you were paying too much for your clothes ?
Your purse determines whether you are pay-
ing too much— you know what you can afford.
There is one thing sure: If you are not hav-
ing us make your clothes you are paying more
than you need to.
Other tailors buy their cloth from jobbers.
The jobber makes his' profit.
We buy our cloth direct from the mills and
are the only tailors in San Francisco that do not
buy from jobbers.
We save you from $> to $10 on a suit
If the evidence is not in the garments you
don't need to keep the clothes.
We'll make you a stylish double-breasted suit
like here pictured for $12 and guarantee the fit
Our prices range from $10 to S4J.
Suits satisfactorily made to order for out-of-town customers— write for
self-measuring blank and samples.
SMVOQD&fO
740 Market Street and
Cor. Powell and EddyRev. Wnyluml Hong Accents Call.
OAKLAND, Jan. 5.— The Rev. Way
land Hoaer, who for the last year has
acted as pastor of the Plymouth-ave
nue Congrejcational Church, ha3 ac
cepted a call to become the perma
nent pastor of the church. '
OAKLAND. Jan. 5.— The will of
Fred M. Boehm, who died in Germany
in 1885 and has not been in Oakland
since 1SG9, was filed here to-day with
the County Clerk. He bought a piece
of land here years ago, which is now
valued at about $2000, and it is in
tended to probate . his estate here in
order to get possession of it.
To Probate Old Estate.
John E. Taylor Jr. (slos-Ie) to Aueuste M.
Perks, lot beginning at point of intersection
of S lino of county- mad from Oakland to Sa-»
Leundro with W line or Tevls street. W 43* by
S 100. portion of lot *. and portion of tslan~
gular sha-ped lot in ME corner of block. ;77r>.
map of C-.C. Clay's subdivision of block 773
¦nit fractional block 7SS. etc.-. of Levy an.1 Lan»
tracts. Fruitvale. Brooklyn Township; $10.
Albert A. CJ. and .Eroella C. llansen t->
Thomas* II." Parry, lot on N line of Brockhum
strtet. 4S3.eO W of. Grove.. W 30. N 101, E SO.
SW 101. block P. rwd remalnlne properly of
Centra! Lan«l Company, tnr blocks F ana G,
Oakland: »10. •_ -
¦ H. I*, am! J«s»le M. .Lancaster to John F.
and Maria S. Dinvwell. lot on STC* corner of
Twentieth and Market, streets. E J16. S 40. W
to E line of Market. X to brclnnlns. portion of
lot 4. block O, Curtis & Williams' Tract, Oak
land; ?1<X
Berry-Bangs Land Company to C. Eugen*
Curry, lot on E line of Hilleeass avenur \n
N of Russell street. N 50 by E 148.. Jot 14, block
I. Eerry-Bangs Tract No. 2. Berkeley; $1O.
John H. crmthers to W. F. Fox, lot on SB
rcrner of Calais and Effle streets, distant on
?aid line of Effle street 10O from B line of
Calais. E 51.35. S 132.Ws'^, W 43.51. N 132.«.
Iota 5 and tf. block E. man of subdivision of
Smith's subdivision of Matthews Tract, Berke
ley; $300. i ,
V.cary Wilscn to Mary H. Wilson, lot on NW
corner of Fourteenth and lUdteon streets, said
point 2«S N from NW corner of Thirteenth and
MaJliwn streets, N T.O by W ISO, Oakland- eift
Murdock (single) to Gertrude B.
Perkins, lot 16. Alcatraz Tract. Oaklan.i: Jlo
. Harlow .. P. , Bancroft to Addi» v Clae'rnaey
(¦widow). Int'on '\V-!tne of Grove street. 50 >}
of Third. N 4D by W 113.M. portion* of lot lrt,
blgck It. Alain* Tract (deed and agreement).
Oakland: *U>. • i
Mountain View Cemetery Association to
Sa'.Ue McKw Pierce, lot In cemetery, Oaklan<t
Township; ?1S5. ' ¦ .
Alameda County.
REAL. ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
OAKLAND, Jan. 5. — The Alameda
County Dental Society will hold' its
regular monthly meeting to-morrow
evening at the offlce of. Dr. Chappell
in the Central Bank building and pa
pers will be read by -.Dr.* E.' M. Keys
of Alameda and Dr. .James G.. Sharpe
of S.irr Francisco. Dr. Walter Hughes
will demonstrate with the various ap
pliances used in reducing fractures.
An invitation has been extended to
the members of the Alameda County
Medical* Association to attend the
meeting.
Monthly 1 - Meeting of. Dentists^'
OAKLAND, , Jan. 5. — The Grand
Jury held a_ short session to-day and
made an inspection of the county jail.
The different members expressed gen
eral satisfaction at the appearance of
all the details and of the manage
ment by Sheriff- John Bishop. \
Grand Jury Inspects Jail.
OAKLAND, "Jan. 5.-^The" following
marriage licenses were issued by the
County Clerk to-day: Raymond E-
Brown, 2L, T Gilroy, and ; Lillian^ M.
Campbell,. 21, Oakland r\- Albert* E.
Royce,_\ 26, Carters, and Evelyn O.
Jarvi3,/23, Berkeley; William L. Ding
man* 22, Omaha, 'and Golderi M. Van
Ness, 19, Oakland; Edward Nordberg,
44, and Emealia Brummer, .45, both
of San Francisco; .Martin FIo£s*h, 27,
San Francisco, and Emma .Floegeh,
16, Haywards; Kenneth W. Jfusgrave,
23, and Mary Mason, 18, both' of San
Francisco. . ... , .:
Marriage Liccjises.
family- of H. : GJ YoungC caught flre
last night "about midnight while the
family were absent, and was totally
destroyed. . The.; cause , of the flre 13
not'known. The house "was a part of
the Henderson property. .
Residence at Stego Burned.
OAKLAND, Jan. 5. — A six-room
residence at' Stege," occupied by' the
• The District Coujicil of "Carpenters
hns decided to adopt the new code of
trade rules and it will be presented. to
the various unions affiliated with the
council for their acceptance.
There has been no change in the
strike condition at the Log Cabin
bakery since the bakers were called
out last Sunday. W. H. Ward has
stated that he intends to carry the
fight to a finish and this means that
if the other local unions indorse the
stand taker, by the Bakers' Union the
nine drivers in Ward's employ will be
called out and. the members of .the
Cooks' and Waiters' Union will be in
structed not to handle the product of
the I^og Cabin bakery. ' *
OAKLAND, Jan. 5.— The District
Council of Carpenters has completed
all the arrangements for the organiza
tion of a joint council of the Brother
hood of Carpenters and Joiners and
the Amalgamated Society of Carpen
ters, and preliminary organization
will be effected at the first meeting
of the delegates from the various
unions in Alameda- County, which will
be held next Monday evening. " ¦_"-"'
The formation of this new joint
council will probably, end the war
which ha3 been in progress for the
last three years between the Federat
ed Trades Council and the Building
Trades Council. '¦:•-".'¦."•
Central Governing Body to Be Organ
ized Next Monday — No Change
in Bakers' Strike.
RIVAL CARPENTERS' UNIONS
WILL FOIIM JOINT COUNCIL
The grading of thi3 district will be
followed as rapiflly as possible by the
macadamizing, guttering and curbing
of the newly made streets, and the
opening to travel of a large section of
the east side of the city that for many
years has been under great incon
venience from the lack of thorough
fares. The opening of Fourteenth ave
nue will remove an obstacle to free tc
cess into the northern portion bf the
Seventh Ward. Much of the credit for
the successful culmination of the long
j>ro'jecte3 plans rests -wltU" Councilman
J. T. Wallace, the ward representative,
and Councilman', Edwin Meese, chair
man of the Street Committee.
After twenty years of litigation the
project for the improvement of Four
teenth avenue (Commerce street) has
been started toward consummation.
The City Council has adopted a resqlu
tion of intention to grade the thor
oughfare, which is now only a gully,
from East Twelfth street to .-East
Twenty-second street. Included in this
important scheme of improvement arc
many**of the cross streets, contiguous
to Fourteenth avenue. . , . . . ; •
The grading resolution covers the fol
lowing cross streets: . ;.*. *
East Fifteenth, from .Fourteenth to
Fifteenth avenues; East Sixteenth,
East Seventeenth, East Eighteenth.
East Nineteenth and East Twentieth,
all from Thirteenth to Fourteenth ave
nues; Kast Twentieth, from Sixteenth
to Nineteenth avenues; East Twenty
first, from Thirteenth to Seventeenth
avenues, and Seventeenth avenue, from
East Nineteenth to East Twenty-third
streets.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway, Jan. 5.
Work Under Way That Has
Been Set Back for Twenty
Years by 3fuch Litigation
BIG DISTRICT AFFECTEl)
Council Adopts Resolution in
Connection With Long De
layed Fourteenth Avenue
. A jury this evening returned a ver
dict in favor of the defendant in the
$20,000 slander suit of Mrs. Francis Hall
against Catherine T. Williams.
The complainant will have to pay the
cost of the suit.
The case has consumed two weeks of
actual trial and has been bitterly con
tested. Mrs. Hall alleged that Mrs.
Williams had defamed her character in
the neighborhood in which they live
by talking, about her. Specific allega
tions were made of what it was alleged
Mrs. Williams said. These, the jury
held, had not been proven.
The", arguments were finished by .'3
o'clock this afternoon and an hour later
the instructions had been read and the
case submitted- to the Jury for its de
cision. There were but two ballots
cast. The first stood 11 to 1, the second
was unanimously for the defendant and
the verdict returned accordingly.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Jan. 5.
MANY STREETS
TO BE BUILT
Case Is Bitterly Fought for Two
Weeks and Finding Is Unani
mous on the Second Ballot
CHARGES ARE NOT PROVEN
Jury Returns Verdict Against
Mrs. F. Hall in Her Suit for
$20,000 for Alleged Slander
MRS. WILLIAMS
IS THE VICTOR
/OAKLAND, Jan. 5.— Bay Tree
Camp No. 640, W. O. W., gave a fare
well reception tq Head Consul Falkeri
b'urg^hiseve'n^ig-in .behalf of 5 the
Woodmen of Alameda County. The
reception i was given in Klinkner Hall
at . Golden Gate ' and the /programme
was followed by. a dance. . \
Farewell to Head Consul.
OAKLAND, Jan. 5,-3-With the open
ing of the public schools "after the
holiday, vacation Superintendent Mc-
Clymonds has" received 'reports of over
crowding; in ; nearly : every school. At
the Lincoln School three „ new tem
porary rooms have 'been ordered built
to accommodate the large increase in
pupils. I
Public Schools Overcrowded.
Rev. P. A. Foley Returns Home.
ALAMEDA, Jan. 5.— Rev. Father P.
A. Foley, Npastor of St. Joseph's
Church, has returned from a nine
months' tour of the United States. He
was forced to- relinquish his clerical
duties : because ; of ill-health. - During
his absence Father Foley .visited the
principal cities of trie Atlantic sea
board and the Southern States. He
comes home much improved in health.
He will-be tendered a reception- by
Branch No. 3 of the "Catholic Ladies'
Aid Society to-morrow night.
BERKELEY, Jan. 5. — The City,
Trustees held a special meeting last
night and enlarged the city's flre lim
its. The movement waa made in an
ticipation that Germaine Capdeville,
whose laundry was burned last week
at Shattuck avenue and -Bancroft way,
would attempt to rebuild with'a'wood
en structure.. The limits were extend
ed so that University avenue ' is the
northern boundary and Parker street
the southern boundary.
Widen tho Fire Limits.
-i' A number of graduates teaching: in Japan met
Mrs. Hearst at , a reception .tiven by her , dur
ing her recent visit. ; Among the students now
teaching at Toklo are' A. B. Clayton, '02; C.
C.. Champlln,* '02: W. *D." Root," *02.- Richard
Hatvey Is at Kyoto. Percy Grant. *0O, Is
amoni the successful oner
BERKELET. Jan. 5.— The Association of
American Universities has Just nnnounc-cl its
programme tor the next annual meetlne, which
is to be held at Yale .University from February
IS to 20. The University oC California will be
repreaAtrd by. President Wheeler and Charles
M. Bakewell. At the first session there will
be a discussion on "Untformtty of University
Statistics of Enrollment and of Expenditure.".
"Are tho Desrees of Bachelor of Scloncf,
Bachelor of Philosophy and Bachelor of Let
ters to Be r Preserved or to Be Merged In the
Degree ¦ of Bachelor of Arts?" and "The Ad
ministration, Financial Support and Circulation
of University Publications, Including Doctors'
Dissertations and- Scientific "Journals." Papers
on these subjects will be submitted by Professor
Itichard Hudson of the University of Chicago.
Professor .Paul Shorey.^PrQfessor Ira Tlemsen
of Johns Hopkins, University and Profes««>r
Bakewell.- At the closing session the subject
will be, "The- Actual end Proper Distinction
Befcveen College and University . Work. 3k Tho
papers will be submitted by President Iradley
of Yale and President Jordan of Stanford...
' Edward Booth of . the chemistry department
will address the Starr-Klne Fraternity of Oak
land Thursday evening at the First Unitarian
Church of Oakland on - "The Wonderful .. ISew
Element— Radium." His subject will bo il
lustrated by photographs taken by himself.
James K. Fish, a student at the university,
has : returned to . his home after ' having made
a tour of the world. He' visited many stranse
places and had. a number of interesting expe
riences. ¦ ; . - ! ¦¦¦-¦-
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
OAKLAND, Jan. 5.— The following
interlocutory decrees of divorce were
granted to-day by Judge Ogdeh: Win
nifred Cole from Frank G. Cole, Susie
La Rue from Cyrus La Rue and Lucy
E. Moore from William Moore, all on
the ground of desertion; Sarah R.
Lippold from Frank Lippold on the
ground of -extreme cruelty, Luther O.
Upson from Josie M. Upson on the
ground of adultery, Marie Queyroulet
from Francois Queyroulet on the
ground of desertion. '
Divorces Granted.
Sollies Police Court Clerk Cast
OAKLAND. Jan. 5.— John W. Mott,
clerk of Police Court, Department
2, will receive his salary for De
cember, the warrant for which was
withheld by City Auditor Breed pend
ing a decision from City Attorney Mc-
Elroy concerning the legal aspect of
the matter. The City Attorney has de
cided that Mott is entitled to his sal
ary and the fact that Mottyis a mem
ber of the Legislature does not bar
him from acting as Police Court Clerk.
Mother Sues Son for Money.
BERKELEY. Jan. 5. — Mrs. A. M.
Burti3 to-day began suit in the Jus
tlcp's court for the recovery from her
s&n of $299 99. She charges ..tjiat' he
owes 'her that sum for. setting him up
in the fruit business, he having neg
lected to repay it to her.
Delay Bond Election Call.
OAKLAND. Jan. 5. — The Board of
Education ; has postponed until next
Monday evening the adoption of a call
for a^special bond election for school
purposes. The formal resolution is
being examined by a special attorney,
without cost to the school department.
Faculty of Oakland's School of 3Iedi
cine and Surgery Arranges for Pub
lie IiisiiceUon of Institution.
OAKLAND, Jan. 5. — The formal
opening of the new Oakland College of
Medicine and Surgery will take place
Friday evening with a public reception
and an inspection by the visiting
guests of the different departments of
the institution. '«'""•%
During the formal exercises there
will be an address of welcome by Dr.
Frank L. Adams, president of the col
lege, and by Judge Henry 'A. Melvin,
the Rev. Thomas MeSweeney and H.
C. Capwell.
The college building is at Thirty
first and Grove streets.
WILL OPEN NEW COLLEGE
WITH FORMAL EXERCISES
Mr. and Mrs. C. B. Bradley, Miss
Bradley; Jlarold Bradley," Mrs. Brewer.
MiSB -Brewer. John Brewer, Dr. C: A.
Buckel, Misses Belcher, Mrs. John Car
rington, Mrs. A. F. Cooke,' Misses
Cooke, Mrs. E. S. Donaldson. Miss Mary
Donaldson, Mr. and Mrs. Frank Damon,
Mrs. Dawson, Mr. and Mrs. Alexander,
| Mr. and Mrs. Atherstone ami family,
Mr. and Mrs. C. R. Brown, Mr. and Mr3.
D. E. Brown, Miss Grace Barnard, W.
E. Barnard, Miss Grace IJurr«ll, Ray
Burrell, Mr. and Mrs. Edgar Bishop.
Miss Cordelia Bishop, Miss Grace Daw
son. Miss Mary McClure, Miss Gertrude
Evans.' Mr. and Mrs. J. D. Eby, Miss
Clarissa Eby, Miss Jeanette Ellison,
Misses Marian. Katherine arid Phoebe
McElrath, Frau von Manderscheld,
Miss Elsa von Manderscheid. Walter
von Manderscheid, Norwood McGil
vray, Mr. and Mrs. Philo Mills, Dr.
Mary Morgan, Mr. and Mrs. W. W.
MoMer, Miss Lily Moller. Miss Gertrude
Moller, Miss Jennie Morgan, Nathan
Moran. Mr. and Mrs. Will lam Letts
Oliver, Edwin Oliver, Harold and Leslie
Oliver, Mr. and Mrs. P. Otev. MiSs
Mary Powell, William Powell, Miss
Eva Powell, Miss Helen Powell,
Alvin Powell, Mr. and Mrs. S.
D. Prather, Miss Charlotte Playter,
Miss G. Playter. Miss Ethel Richardson,
Dr. and Mrs. Philip Rice. Mr. and Mrs.
.J. B. Richardson, Girard Richardson,
Mrs. Lillian Remillard, S. Richardson,
Mr. and Mrs. Charles Fumeaux, Mrs.
F. W. French, Miss French, Walter
Flint. Ralph T. Fisher. Mr. and Mrs.
Haseltine, Miss Haseltine, Richard
Haseltine, Mrs. E. J. Huggins, Miss
Huggins, Miss Hejen Hutchinson, Heno
Hutchinson, Miss Edith Heibert, Miss
Sarah W. Horton, Harold H. Har
very, Mr. and Mrs. Harry Holcomb,
Wallace von Helms, Mrs. J. F. Jones,
Miss Pearl Jones, Ralph Jones, Dr.
Rodney Jones, Carl Jones, M. W. Jel
lett, Dr. and Mrs. Murry Johnson,
Miss Edith Kelly, Mr. and Mrs. Harry
Kleugel. Mrs: H. R. Seber, Mrs. D. O.
Stubbs. Miss Louise Stubbs, Dr. John
D. Stubbs, William D. Stubbs, Mr. and
Mrs. Milton Spauldlng, , Joseph Stott,
Alias: Katherine Smith, Dr. Sarah I.
Shuey, Miss Bertha Stalder, Miss Grace
Stalder. Walter Stalder, Miss Fanny
G. Smith. Dr. and Mrs. Sturge, Mr; and
Mrs. Seeley, Miss Julia Summers, Jo
seph P. Sisson, Mr. and Mrs. Will
Thrum, Mrs. Wilcox, Miss Lucy WIN
cox, Norton Wilcox, Mr. and Mrs. Hart
Wilcox.' Miss Helen Winchester, Stan
ley Walton, Miss Edith Williams. Al
bert Willard, Miss Katherine Wertz,
Miss Florence White.
Among the relatives and friends who
were present at this cere
mony were: . ,
fallen in. pleasant places she has not
been an idler and has acquired an edu
cation much beyond that of the ordi
nary girl.
. TI IOSE . PR ESKXT.
The groom was attended by Norwood
McGilvary and the ribbon bearers were
Roland Oliver, John D. Stubhs. Wil
liam D. Stubbs and Stanley V. Walton.
Rev. Charles R. Brown, pastor of the
First Congregational Church, was the
officiating clergyman and the bride waa
given away by her uncle. Professor C.
B. Bradley of the University of Cali
fornia.
The bridal march from "Lohengrin"
and other numbers were rendered dur
ing the evening by an orchestra of
stringed instruments. ;
About 130 guests were present at tne
ceremony and many very beautiful
gowns were noticeable In the assem
blage, the bride's mother, Mrs. S. B.
Cheek, wearing a particularly hand
some sown of lavender silk.
A buffet supper waa served, the bri
dal party being seated at a table'ar
ranged in. the wedding bower. }
Mr. and Mrs. Sisson will prolong
their honeymoon for several weeks, vis
iting points of interest in 'California,
before preparing to leave for their
island home in Hilo, ' Hawaii. - - Mr.
Sisson is a civil engineer and has been
connected with important -work
on the islands.
The bride is fond of athletics as well
as the kindergarten work with which
she, has been "actively Identified,'. being
a most enthusiastic basket ball . player.
She comes of a'wealthy family, but in
spite of the fact that her lines
dainty costume. , 7
The bridesmaids— Misses Carolyn and
Anita Oliver, Miss Lucy Wilcox nnd
Miss Ethel Atherstone— were gowned
alike in pink crepe, the skirts shirred
and a white lace bertha finishing the
bodice. Each wore a tiny wreath of
lilies of the valley in her hair and car
ried a shower of maidenhair fern and
pink tulle.
BEAUTIFUL GOWNS.
OAKLAND, Jan. 5.— The marriage of
Miss Maud Cheek of this city and
James Philip Sisson of Hawaii was sol
emnized this evening at» the home of
the bride's mother, ,Mrs. Sarah B>
Cheek. It was the first large event
of social Importance since the begin
ning of the new year and was a bril
liant affair. The spacious rooms"-of the
Castro-street residence were beautifully
decorated, the arrangement of aspara
gus ferns and pink chrysanthemums
being strikingly graceful and artistic. <
The most attractive work was that
in which the happy pair plighted their
troth. From one corner; of the front
drawing-room a canopy of smilax pro
jected over the bridal party, the apex
of the triangle beingr caught up with
a huge bow of pink chiffon, from which
hung three largo bells, also of pink
chiffon. Another interesting feature of
the decorations was a chime of silver
toned bells that were suspended in the
arch .between the two drawing-rooms.
Scarlet berries and delicate ferns were
blended prettily to adorn the hall and
dining-room.
The bride is a tall, slender girl, with
very dark hair and eyes, and the bridal
white was more .than becoming. Her
gown .was of chiffon; lhe several rows
of shirrinz drawing the skirt into
•graceful folds. The transparent yoke
of shirred tulle was outlined with a
wide bertha of duchesse lace. A single 7
cluster of natural orange blossoms held
the veil in place and the bridal bou
quet was a shower of lilies of the val
ley.
Miss Grace Cheek attended her sister
as maid of honor and her rrbek of
white organdie was the daintiest cre
ation imaginable. The shirred skirt
was made over two other skirts of or
gandie and lace~and a cape effect waa
given to the bodice by means of the
long Van Dyke points of the lace edged
collar. Bride roses in her bouquet
gave the only touch of color to the
ALAMEDA, Jan. 5^ — Spruce Camp
No. 132, Woodmen of the World, in
stalled '- the follo.wihg oflfcers last
night: Past consul commander, C. G.
Hinds: ; consul commander, G. A.
Townsend; adviser, Charles Lamb;
banker, J. :D. Rhoades; clerk, Arthur
Mock; musician, A. J. Kruckeberg;
sentinel, James Concannon.
Alameda'Parlor No. 47, Native Sons
of the Golden West, installed officers
last highf as follows. Deputy District
Grand Presidents John F. Hanson and
E. G. Buswell officiating; Past Presi
dent, H. C. Cook; president, E. J.
Probst: first vice president, C. H.
Hock; second vice president, A. T.
Sousa; third vice presidents William
Walkup; inside sentinel. James Crow
ley: outpide sentinel, R. S. Grant; mar
shal, Herman Bolte; recording secre
tary, L. H. Transue; financial secre
tary, C. T. Rose; trustee, Henry von
Tagen.
Deputy Grand Master James Fowler
installed the following "as officers of
Encinal Lodge No. 164. I. O. O. F.,
last night: Past grand, Joseph Moffltt;
noble grand, G. W. Klein; vice grand,
F. W. Priestly; secretary, W. G. Voll
mar; treasurer, C. J. Hammond; finan
cial secretary, John Larkin.
Woodmen, Xatlrc Sons and Odd Fel
lows Hold Kxercises at Their
• Various Meeting Places.
ALAMEDA ORGANIZATIONS
INSTALL XEW OFFICERS
POPULAR OAKLAND GIRL WHO BECAME THE BRIDE OF A YOUNG
CIVIL ENGINEER OF HILO. HAWAII, LAST EVENING AT THE
HOME OP HER MOTHER. -4. '
Mr. end Mrs. Julian L«troadec, Mr. and Mrs.
H. C Flnkler, Mr. and Mr*. M. In Wurts -Mr
and Mrs. H. D. Overfleld. Mr. and Mrs. B. A.
Brown, Mr. and Mrs. J, E. KavanauRh. Mr. and
Mrs. C. A. Maloney. Mr. and Mrs. J. A.
Thompson, Mr. and Mrs. T. H. Gilbert, Mr.
and Mrs. W\. W. Carey. Mr. and Mrs. II. E.
Lowenburg. Mr. and Mrs. Charles Dlttmar,
Mr. and. Mrs. C. C. EmMle. Mr. and Mrs. John
Pape. Mr. and Mrs. George Mohr. Mr. and
Mr*. Hlckok, Mr. and Mrs. A. H. Cook Mrs
Belle Payson, Mrs. A. M. Lewis, Mrs. Mnry
Ashton, Mrs. Blake, Mrs. Ellen Dhu, Mis?
Jennie White. Ml.«s Llllie White, Miss Alice
Haberlain. Mies' Kittle McIIuch. . Miss Eliza
Stanford, Charles McClain. Sylvester McKenna,
George Cole.. George Coll Ignon, Julian Letroa
dec. Edward Worth, Henry Emslie, W. J.
Schmidt. Harry Lery, Philip Lery, W. L.
McCabe, Eugene Letroadcc. . ¦- - • ¦
...New Year's day was the sixteenth anniver
sary of the weddinc of Mr. and Mrs. W| C.
Moran, and they celebrated the day by enter
talnlmj a number of friends at their home. 101"
University avenue. The house was handsome
ly decorated and an elaborate dinner was
served. The guests were:
BERKELET, Jan. 5.-MI M Edna Orr gave a
card party at her home on Xew Year's eve
that was enjoyable to the thirty young people
present. "Five hundred" was the principal
dlyerelon for the evening. Tho winners were
Miss bhafter. Mli-s Mary Shatter. Miss Kittle
Kutr, Hugh Calkins and A. von Loben Sels.
The KUests, besides the wieners, were Miss
Gertrude nussell.'-Mtsa Helen Winchester Miss
Ethel Sims, Mies Myrtle Sims. Miss' Florence
Thrall. Miss Marjorle Erwin. Miss Lucllc Web
oter. MUs Ida Henley. Hiram Hall. Frank
Kuti. John Dlb«^t. Melville Jeffries and Lieu
tenant Gibson Taylor. ": ? ;¦ .
Dr and Mm. C. M. Smith entertained a
number of friends at their home ManJay even
ing Tho affair was in honor of their son. Car!
femith. who left subsequently, for Arizona to
take a position with the Unitad States customs
tervlce. The grue«ts were Miss Carrie Steven
s-on Mms Orcce Smith. Miss Stella Ward Miss
UabaUa-Ward. Mr .Stevenson, Shirley Jones,
bard Stanley and Mrs. E. Hub-
BERKELEY,- Jan. ;"».— Miss Isabel* Stearns
was the hoatees at a delightful leap year putty
at her home, 2115 Hearst avenue, on New
Year's evening. She was assisted in receiving
by Mlsa Edith Drisccll of San Francisco. There
were twenty-rive guests, who spent the time in
card playing and dancing.
Miss Hester Gamble entertained et «n-after
noon tea in . honor of the Misses Mary and
Amelia. Schir.aier or Berkeley last Tuesday af
ternoon at her home in Berkeley
The afternoon reception in the children's
room at the library to-morrow 13 for the pur
pose of iillowins nil the children in Oakland to
inspect the beautiful apartment In which they
havo such keen Interest. , The Ebell commutes
will be present from 3 to 3 to receive the vis
itor*.
The Hill Club held Its first meeting of the
now year at Mrs. Benjamin McKay's yester
day. 1'rofetEor Kautzer and James T. Erwin
gave interesting talks on China, Japan and the
Philippines.
Mr. nnd Mrp. Frank Parcel!*, nee Shreve,
)>nw ri f.iiii-i! lnm ilieir honeymoon tour «.'
the East an«l are nt 140!) WVbstcr street, whore
they . v.ill Ic at- !><>in<»- *.%'•» ir.csday afternoons
and Thursday evening* In January. .
- . . • - ¦ • . • l . -" -'
The cWnus Club was entertained by Mrs. R.
TV. G-jriil! jcbterday. ¦¦ -. »•.-•:.. *-'
OAKLAND, Jan. 5.— The Unda Vista Club
was entertained last evening by Mr. and Mrs.
F. M. Butler at their home on El Dorado ave
nue. This club usually meets on Friday even-
Inps. but Mr. and Mrs. Butler are going to
Portland, Or., at an early date, so the gather
ing out of time was for the purpose of bidding
fartwcll to the two very popular members. The
usual game of whist was enjoyed, the silver
forks being won by U. S. Hubbard, Mrs. K. M.
Walsh and Mr. Butler. -'" \
Among those present were: Mr. and Mrs.
Gilbert L.. Belcher, Mr. and Mrs. Georgu H. 1s
mon, Mr. and Mrs. Frank Butler, Mr. and Mrs.
E. A. Heron, Mr. nnd Mrs. A. F. Coffin. Mr.
and Mrs. E. J Cotton. Dr. and Mrs. E. L.
Do-.v Mr. and Mrs. John F. Britten. Mr. and
Mrs. James F. Wiggins. Mr. and Mrs. Bert *?.
Hubbard Mr. and Mrs. Kdward M. Walsh.
Mr. and Mrs. William F. Kelly. Mr. and Mrs.
Samuel J. Tnylor. Mr. and Mrs. K. D. Flint,
Mr. and Mrs. John D. Eby.
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
The cases will receive the attention of
the authorities for proper disposition.
Whether the boys will be turned over
to the Juvenile Court will be deter
mined when they are taken before the
Police Court to-morrow.
Helplessly intoxicated, Vivian Dun
can, 11 years old, and, Tony Soares, 14
years of age, were arrested this after
noon at West Oakland by Patrolman
McKeegan. The younger of the boys
was staggering and maudlin from the
effects of liquor and his companion was
go badly overcome that" he' had to be
carried in the arms of the " policeman
to the patrol wagon.
The boys' youth and their condition
caused an immediate investigation by
the police to ascertain where liquor
had been procured. It was traced to
the Duncan' boy's home at 805% Grove
street. There, according to the people
in *he house, Vivian had taken a demi
john of wine that stood in a closet and,
with the assistance of Sbares, ; about
emptied the vessel. Very quickly the
liquor took effect and the youths wan
dered toward West Oakland, becoming
drunker and drunker every minute.
Public attention was first attracted
to the pair : at Adeline-street station,
where they were seen trying to steal
cigars from a case In the Southern Pa
cific Company's ticket agency. Leaving
there the boys drifted apart. Police
man McKeegan was notified and start
ed In pursuit of the lads. He found
Soares a few blocks west on Seventh
street and sent him to the city prison
and soon afterward landed Duncan.
After Duncan had refcovered his
speech he told the police that he had
taken the wine from his home and had
drank freely of the intoxicating bever
age, Soares taking part In the debauch.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Jan. 6.
H. C. Capwell moved that a commit
tee be appointed by the Merchants' Ex
change to formulate plans for a series
of mass m«<uings to discuss the propo
sition. The motion was unanimously
adopted.
Judge K. M. Gibson. Oakland: I am thor
••u*jhly In favor of «x>nao)idatfon. for nanv
Improvements are being retarded by further de
ley.
Al!ar> G. '."lark. IJcrkeley: I have pounded
the 8-ntimcnts <»!" the citizens of Berkeley and
I rion't think they irill look with favor upon
conrf Iidation unlfFF they could sfe some de
cided relief from excessive taxation and -bet
tertut-nt of police and fire facilities. How
ev<-r. con5»»! idation mi;rht b« accomplished.
Grecii Majors. Alameda: We don't wsr.t
ccnsoUaalion unless the cities shall receive
i ¦:;-..:. benefit. What we want now is data
to prove that consolidation will b» a eourc«
cf bc-nefit.
Joseph R. McCanlcr. Alameda: We don't
want any consolidation with Oakland. We are
wetl cmruph r!T as wo are. Oakland hes al
ways had a bad povernment and we don't want
any of that for Alameda.
A!ex3nd<r Markov. Alameda: I am in favor
cf consolidation as a money *avir.g proposition.
Some time ago it was necessary for Alameda U>
?;;-..; to Oakland for Rid in repairing the
T\'ebi?t^r-Fti»*«»t road. If it was jollcy for the
two cities to consolidate for the repairing of
this road, why would It not be policy for them
to consolidate under a finsle povernment. pro
vided, as the Mayor of your city says, that by
fro doing th>y could save nearly the entire
amount of the present county tax? If ye-con
solidate we Ehall rot only rave money, but we
khan ««ectir»» a tx-ster municipal Kovernment.
IH-nTER GOVERNMENT.
Oeorpe Rentier. Alam«3a: As a member of
tha Vw>st End Alameda 1 mprovement Club I
am in favor of consolidation. rrovided r can
*<i*> that Alameda Is going to derive a rea
sonable beneiH therefrom. It ta l ™ *.£t
we pay a high tax. but we onjoy the ben'*"
of that tax We have Rood schools. fine
streets and an dopant library, and we must
rtiow the citizens of Alameda that they will
derive some actual bent-nt before they will
look with favor upon consolidation.
N C BAWfces Alanuda— If wo can save
money in tares by consolidation it <w<ins to
me that it wou'.d be i>olicy to consolidate.
Wilbu- Walker, S«-cretary of the Merchants
Exchange: Five years ago the Merchants' I>x
thanre took up consolidation and at that time
lhe secretary rejxirted. i.roving the following
lact*" The city if Oakland would save S.G.
000 'Ue:krley 6U.30O. Alameda $14.<>U> and
Km'eryville 13000 a year, making a total sav
injr of tlOSJOQ a year. Daring the lam nine
years the averape tax levy in Oakland end
San Prafifisco oaf, £an Francisco 1.12 per
omt. Oakland L.O0 per cent. Owing to the in
«-r*-aj-e in property values the savin* now
Vouid be much largfr; in fact, the Mayor of
this city Kays that by consolidation the three
cities would «ave $4'w,C00 a year.
FAVORS CONSOLIDATION*.
Gw f ( YV. Arper. Merchants' Exchange.
The Merchants' Exchanpc has agitated the
tnatter oi consolidation from purely business
moav«. At preaeot the funds < T aised ,. ."^
taxation are *>xr>cr.ded in paying the salaries
of city official* Taxos are advancing and
improvenwnts are barely keeping pace with
tha ratio of twtnty year* a*o. It is cer
tainlv a business proposition to consolidate
irtwi the three cities cL save $100,000 a year
ry jo doing.
There were many speeches made and
the sentiments expressed were as fol
lows:
The first definite step toward the con
solidation of the cities of Oakland, Ala
meda an<J Berkeley under k single city
and county government was taken to
night at-' the meeting called by the con
solidation committee of the Merchants'
Exchange, at which it was decided that
a committee of eleven members— three
from Oakland, three from Berkeley,
three from . Alameda and two from
Fruit vale— to be named by the Mer
chants' Exchange, should formulate
plans for a series of mass meeting's to
be held in the different cities to dis
cues the proposition of consolidation.
A delegation of twenty-eight business
men of Alameda attended the meeting,
and nearly all of them favored con
solidation under certain conditions.
Green Majors of Alameda was elected
chairman of the meeting and Wilbur
Walker secretary.
Oakland Office. San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Jan. 5.
As soon as the legal steps can be
completed the work on this system will
be commenced and the relief which has
been so strenuously demanded by the
conditions in the district will be srlven.
The Council's plan of relief calls for
drainage sewers on East Twenty
fourth and East Twenty-fitth streets,
from Nineteenth to Twenty-lirst ave
nues, with outlets through Nineteenth
and Twenty-first avenues from East
Twenty-third to East Twenty-seventh
streets. Cross drains will be used to
carry off the surface waters into Sau
sal Creek by way of East Twenty-first
street.
The City Council has called for bids
for the construction of a system of
drainage sewers, storm' water and san
itary, for. the relief of the Twenty-third
avenue district, that for year after. year
has. been flooded by the winter, rains,
making East Fourteenth street a sea
and in many places impassable.
This work the Council has ordered is
on the watershed that is to be drained
outside of the city limits by lateral
sewer3 to be constructed by the Board
of ; Supervisors. -. It • is from the hill
slopes back of the Twenty-third avenue
territory that the bulk of the heavy
volume of surface water flows into -the
low places along East Fourteenth
street. , ¦ .
Oakland Office San Francisjco Call,
1118 Broadway. Jan. 5.
Sewer System Planned to Car
ry Off theiVVinter Flow From
the Hillsides Outsido the City
Important Proposal Is Widely
Discussed at 3Ieeting Called
bv the Merchants' Exchange
Authorities Investigate and
Learn That the Liquor Came
From the Home of One Lad
COUNCIL CALLS' FOR BIDS
MANY VOICE OPINIONS
DRINK DEEPLY OF WINE
First Definite Effort to Consoli
date Oakland, Alameda and
Berkeley Is Made by Citizens
Find Two Youths of Tender
Years Helplessly Intoxicated
on One of the Public Streets
Relief From Flooding' in the
Twenty - Third Avenue Dis
trict Is Now Close at Hand
MOVE TOWARD
GREATER CITY
POLICE ARREST
DRUNKEN BOYS
STORM WATERS
TO BE DRAINED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 6, 1904.
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
First Large Affair of Season' Is Marriage of Miss Maud
.' Cheek of Oakjand and James P. Sisson of Hawaii, Which
Is Celebrated Before a Throng of Guests and Relatives
SOCIETY DEVOTEES GATHER
AT FASHIONABLE WEDDING
4
OAKLAND.
I11S Broadway.
Telephone 3Ialn 1063.
BRANCH OFFICES
OF T#E CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ordeal throngH which tie ex-
{^I^'&SMI^/f^ P^ctant mother must pass usually is
l^^siill It S ° u^ °^ suffering, danger and fear
I that she looks forward to the critical
u ?•. » r - :J'-i - hour ¦ with - a PP reie^siou and dread.
I Mother S rnend, by its penetrating arid soothing properties
allays nausea; nervousness, and all unpleasant feelings and
so prepares the system for the r ,?>
ordeal that she passes through |§^J|! jg\ /Tk Sf^s *r%.
have testified and said, Vit .. is . v ,,- ._ ' 7^
bottle of druggists. Book containing S^i^iH^lltfi
valuable information mailed free. y |j B^nBVjJ
.» THE BRADRELO REGULATOR CO.. AtJaota. G«. ..,. / |^ ™ —
NEW ADVEBTISEBEENTS.
VA.TUBE SPARES
The Stricken Rose from Grief.
What a fortunate provision of nature
it is that deprives the rose of mental
suffering:; for how poignant would be its
prrief to discover, in the height of its
blooming glory, that a canker. fed at its
heart and that its beauty and . f ragTance
wcro doomed forever. Nature always
spares the suffering: she -is a' veritable
storehouse of pleasing rewards for those
who seok her aid. In the years gone br fall-
ing hair and jrrayness have cast a Elootn over
the live* of thousands of young women, but
thtnk» to the investigations of scientists Uje
true etusr of hair destruction is now known
to be a crm or parasite that burrows into the
hair follicles, Horolcide absolutely
destroys this rerm. thus permitting thehair to
crow a* nature Intended. Sold by leading
di-JK^-ist*. Sppd joc In stamps for wimple to
The »<>rpi<'ide Co.. Detroit, Mich. - •
CASTom/T
For Infants and Children, v
The Kind You Have Always Bought
Bears the /T^Jv^T^r
Signature of (^Z&i~/% TCo4c4U/i£
ALAMEDA.
14S5 Park Street. -'
Telephone Eagle 502.
BERKELEY.
214S Center Street.
Telephone North 77.NORFOLK, Va.. Jan.' C— According
to the [ weather bureau dispatches to
night the ' submarine, boat Moccasin,'
which was floated yesterday; [hail been
blown hard ashore again and is now
fast on the beach
Moccasin Is Again "Ashore.
' Gasteam is useful and extremely pop
ular in the East." -"We -will -be pleased to
tellyou all about it. San Francisco Gas
and Electric Company, -415 Post.: •
Affairs in the fight between the stable
proprietors and the Stablemen's Union
Men Will Learn To-Nlglit Where They
Stand— Various' Unions" Elect"
Officers.
STABLE PROPRIETORS ARE
READY TO GIVE DECISION'
eral days ago, on- Christmas made
gifts to every member of his family,
said by his friends to aggregate some
$5,000,000 or $6,000,000. i
V" Captain Pabst fully realized that his
illness would be fatal and that the end
was not far off..* To his wife and. each
one of -his four children he handed
stock certificates and deeds represent
ing, it is: believed, something more
than $1,000,000 in each case.
; The entire wealth of Captain Pabst
is estimated at $10,000,000.
EvcVy Member of Family of Late Cap
tain Pabst Receives a Million in
"Deeds "and Stock. Certificates.
MILWAUKEE, Wis., Jan. 5. — Cap
tain Frederick Pabst, who died sev-
DISPOSES OF VAST WEALTH
SHORTLY BEFORE HIS DEATH
FRESNO, Jan. 5.— The opening of the
second day's proceedings of the fourth
annual convention of the California
State Federation of Labor was marked
by a much larger attendance than at
the opening meeting. Among the vis
itors present this morning was Mayor
Eugene E. Schmitz of San Francisco,
who arrived last night on the Owl
and was welcomed by a committee from
the local unions. He was driven to his
quarters at the Hughes Hotel, where
ah informal reception was tendered him
in. the lobby.
The, president announced the follow
ing appointments: . L. B. Leavltt of
Vallejo and O. W. McCaslin of Napa.
sergeants-at-arms, and W. S. Smith of
Los Angeles, reading clerk.
The committee on resolutions then
made its report. A resolution recom
mending that a general movement for
a Saturday half holiday throughout
California was adopted. A resolution
asking that the State Federation of
Labor present a bill at the next Legis
lature recommending that eight hours
shall constitute a day's work was
referred to the law and legislative com
mittee with the approval of the conven
tion.
A resolution asking that the State or
ganizer be instructed to include the or
ganizing of women's union label leagues
precipitated a lively discussion, which
resulted in the recommendations being
adopted. The resolution asking ,the
convention to indorse the boycott de
clared by the Stablemen's Union and
the San Francisco Labor Council
against a special delivery company of
that city caused a heated discussion.
The resolution for the drafting of
amendments to the State constitution
making it incumbent upon contractors
performing municipal labor to employ
none but actual voters residing in the
municipality was referred to the law
and legislative committee.
j On I the r recommendation of the com
mittee a" "resolution requesting the
school boards in the State to close the
schools riot' later than the second Fri
day in. July and to reopen two months
.later was rejected, though not without
protest. . '• ".
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 5.— Mayor W.
J. Hassett has undertaken a movement
to fill up China Slough, which for half
a century has been a disease breeding
nuisance in the most conspicuous por
tion of the city. Much of the surface
of the slough is owned 'by the South
ern Pacific Company, and by letters
which he received from the railroad
officials several .weeks ago Mayor Has
sett-shows the company is willing to
pay the expense of filling its* portion
of the sloueh if the city will condemn
the remainder and lay it out as a public
park. The* company's share will be
330,000 cubic yards, and the city's share
will be less than 15,00o cubic yards.
In a message to the Board of Trus
tees on the subject Mayor Hassett says
it is in the province of the board to
secure ' the eradication of the plague
spot by "fair and honorable means,"
and that .to antagonize, the. railroad
company in the matter at this critical
stage of the proceedings "by indulging
in blatant and violent mouthlngs would
only defeat the object sought to be ac
complished, the success of which means
so much for the city's advancement."
Mayor Hassetfs remarks were ' in
duced by speeches recently made, by a
couple of Trustees ' in which it was
made to ' appear • that- the city proposed
to, put into effect a general policy of
antagonism to" the Southern Pacific
Company v ¦iv^
Special Dispatch to The Call
Mayor of Sacramento Tells
of Plans to Make a Park
of a Present Nuisance
San Francisco Executive at the
Convention of the California
Federation in Citv of Fresno
MAYOR VISITS
LABOR SESSION
CHINA SLOUGH
MAY DISAPPEAR
Shade Workers* Union — President, Frank
Conror; vice . president, M. C. Ferguson: re
cording secretary. Frank Bentler: financial sec
retary and treasurer, L. T. Maret; warden.
William Kstellta; delegates to the Building
Trades Council — C. Bacz, Percy Cos and A.
Matchk; alternate. delegate. T. C. Brogan.
Bartenders' League No. 41 — Delegates to th«
Labor Council: C. H. Donlan. D. Oeltjen, A.
J. Foley. AI Condrotte. E. F. Leamon. TV.
Kurler. P. L.. HcfT. J. Vera. J. J. Zander and
W. Battersby. The following delegates were
elected to the Allied Provision Tt3des Council:
J. Osgocd, II. Slemmer, H. Maginnls, J. B.
have reached a climax. To-night, when
the stable owners meet, the,y will give
a decision in regard to the reduction of
work asked by the union. The union
men refuse to do any more work than
was specified in their agreement with
their employers. They claim that they
have been compelled to remove refuse
from the stables and assist in bringing
feed for the animals during slack hours.
Should the proprietors refuse to accede
to their demands they will undoubtedly
go on strike.
Various unions have elected
as follows:
Leather Worker** Union on Horse Goods-
President. Frank J. McCabe: vice president.
Daniel Dovey; recording secretary. D- Hurton;
secretary-treasurer. W. C. Storek: chaplain.
J. B. Marshall; guard. John Fltrsimmons; or
ganizer D. Hurton: executive board, Stephen
Malone. Jamrs Merlicher and H. W. McCool;
press secretary, D. Hurton; delegates to Labor
Council. W. S. Storek, D. A. Hern and O. B.
Hull.
Clarke. C. II. Donlan. >I. C. Spurr. J. Ringen
C. F. Elslert. J. J. t'ptyn nail H. He.Ternan.
The past president, W. Kugler, was
presented by the league with a hand
some locket anil chain in recognition of
past services.
A strike among the boilermakers and
iron shipbuilders may soon occur if
their employers do not consent to an
Increase over the present scale of
wages. The men are said to be about'
to demand $3 50 a nine-hour day f»«r
all inside work and $3 50 and an efght
hour day for all outside work. At th<*
present time the men are receiving
$3 25 for inside work and $3 50 for out-^
side work, with nine-hour days pre
vailing in both cases.
The managers of the Union and the
Risdon Iron works are said to be in
dread of a strike at the present time,
for both concerns have a lot of work
on hand which they are anxious to
finish at once. If the men decide to
strike the work cannot be completed
and this will mean a big loss to both
concerns. .:'-"•: .;,
There nre a lot of non-union work
men employed at both shipyards, as
well as many of the other places aoout
town, and trouble may resuli if thr'se
men attempt to work while the union
men are out on strike.
VALLEJO,J«n. i. — A "competttive examina
llor which . was held »t Mare Island seme
weeks »(to rc»u1ted in Joseph Feaster, S. M.
Floathe. T. Wt Twigs and A. ' W. Jones being
appointed acting carpenters in the navy.
The Atlantic transport line recently
ija<i f'->'.ir jimllar ships built — two in
Belfast and two in Philadelphia. The
Ani»rican-built ships . cost $1,876,000,
uhilr thv Belfast ones cost J1.4J0.OO0.
"•nnta 1> Firemen Discuss Wafje Scale
TOPEKA. Kans.. Jan. 5. — The griv
rtiuc committee of the Santa Fc fire
men continued their conference to
day with General Manager Mudge.
Another session will be held to-mor
row. Noihipg has been given out as
to the topics und»r discussion, but it
is know n that the wage scale is one
of th*» most important. Xo difficulty
in aching at a settlement is ex
pected. ,..
CHICO, Jan. 3. — Louis Van Vlack.
a prominent contractor and builder,
was dangerously stabbed to-day at
noon by W. E. Ratekin, a plasterer
and brickmason. The trouble , be
tween the two men grew out of a dis
agreement regarding a settlement,
Ratekin having surrendered a con
tract which he held under Van Vlack.
The affray took place in the basement
of an unfinished house and there were
no eye-witnesses. Van Vlack left
the building after being wounded and
walked nearly four blocks to a physi
cian's office, leaving a trail of blood.
He was stabbed twice in the left side,
close to the heart, and the lung was
penetrated. Both wounds bled pro
fusely. .Another cut in the left Wrist
is much less serious, although it," too,
is a stab and not a slash.
Ratekin was arrested by Officer
White and locked in the city prison.
He refused to make a statement. »
Rrickinn&on at Chico Makes a Dcs
prratp Attempt on the Life of a
Contractor.
STABS THREE TIMES
DURING THE QUARREL
WASHINGTON. Jan. 5. — Repre
sentative Dickson of Montana intro
duced a resolution to-day providing
for m wire fence along the Canadian
boundary between Lake of the Woods
;uid Point Roberts. The object of the
tTnf is to keep out Chinese immi
friants. and it is to be so equipped as
to give f-ijrnals when any one climbs
over it. Th" Secretary of Commerce
nnd Labor is directed to report on the
feasibility of the projected fence.
fons;iT«smnn Dictson Introduces Res
olution the Object of Which Is
to Krcp Out Chinese.
FAVORS ERECTING FENCE
AIX>NCi CANADIAN BOUNDARY
CRITPLE CHEEK. Colo.. Jan. 3. — ,
Mrs. Thomas Evans and her six.-year
old daughter, who were tak^n from
th«-ir home «t Anaconda to the bull
pen yesterday for jeering at soldiers
and non-union miners, have been re
leased by the military authorities af
trr brins; severely reprimanded. Evans
*as ordered to leave the district and
as he refused to do so h? is still con
fined in the bullpen.
GEORGETOWN, Colo.. Jan. j. —
The tri^l of the union miners charged
•with blowing up the converter build
ing of the Sun and Moon mine at Ida
ho Springs was resumed in the Dis
trict Court h<*re to-day. The only
sensational testimony presented was
that of A. H. Colburn, an Idaho
Springs blacksmith, who testified that
J. E. Chandjer, secretary of the Idaho
Springs Miners' Union, told him be
fore the explosion that if the Sun and
Moon mine was reopened with non
union miners he (Chandler) would
see to it that it was blown up.
It is said that the prosecution ex
pects to finish its case by Thursday.
Th*> defense has eleven witnesses to
introduce.
First, that the sale was made by
Stratton to a company of which he was
a member, payment being made in
stock, it being held that a man cannot
defraud himself; second, the mine has
produced $10,100,000 in gold since the
sale, which is more than the selling
price; third, the present suit was filed
against the executors of the estate be
fore they had qualified; fourth, the
death of Stratton before the filing of
the suit ended, according to English
law, under which the company is in
corporated, any rights to demand any
damage the company may have had.
Riner held that any one of the four
grounds for defense was sufficient. The
attorneys for the plaintiff were given
permission to present arguments on a
bill of exceptions to-morrow.
DENVER. Jan. 5.— In the case of the
Stratton Independence Mining Com
pany of London- against the executors
of the estate of the late Wlnfjeld S.
Stratton, the Cripple Cr^ek millionaire,
claiming $61000,000 damages for the al
leged "salting" of the Independence
mine before its sale to the English
company, Judge Riner in the United
States court to-day decided for the de
fendants. The grounds for the defense
were:
Judce -Advocate General Dudley Mates that
the concession . to this institution : wan never
completed -by the 'signature of .-the Spanish
Governor -General." The president of the com
pany states the documents of April 27, 1900,
were 'submitted to General Wood, these docu
ments being approved by General Wood In all
their parts. They Included the erant of a mo
nopoly for ten .' years. .. The claim that the
gambling "r/as an adjunct rather than a part
of the game is "disproved by. the president of
the Jai Alai. General Wood did not furnish
full .information for the . action of the War
Department. Wallis Clearman, with Tiffany
& Co. of New York, testified that an order
was cabled to Tiffany by Mr.- Zarasqueta for
a silver service valued at about $5000 and that
he took such a service to Havana, where it
was- • accepted and paid for. .by Zarasqueta.
That this was ai gift to General Wood from
the Jai Alal CompanxJs admitted.
WOOD'S ORDERS TO COURT.
The sixth count says: ;
j General Brooke testified' to the Insubordi
nation of General Wood and that he (Brooke)
refrained from court-martial process becauso
of. the feeling that such a. step would not -be
sanctioned by the War Department.
The" seventh and last count, in the
brief- refers entirely to testimony re
garding General Wood's veracity. The
testimony of Brigadier General Wil
liam Ludlow, -Commander Lucien
Young. . Major Runcie, Alexander E.
Frls and a number of others is quoted
in support of the count.
The Jai Alai concession forms t^ie
fifth count in the minority's brief, and
the following summing up is made: -
Baker states that ' General Wood was very
frank in -his expressions of criticism of tbe
Brooke administration and that as a general
result of his visit to Cuba he found. that Gen
eral Wood was antagonistic to General Brooke's
administration.
- Ttuncie twearg that arrangements were made
between lilmneif. Ray Stannard Baker and
General Wood for Runcie to write an article
covering; all Cuba, and General. Wood under
stood that the article w,ould be a criticism of
General Brooke's administration. He also
swears that, after It was written. General
Wood asked him if it had been written and
cent to Baker.
General Wood is charged in the third
count with having violated a promise
made to Major James E. Runcie not
to. cause the arrest of Corydon.M. Rich,
who had been an assistant to Neely in
the finance bureau of the Department
of Posts.
The Runcie magazine article is .the
subject of the fourth count. With many
references to the printed"* testimony
for the purpose of supporting the argu
ment, this statement is made:
j The second count in the brief of the
, minority v rplates to the pardon of W.
H. Reeves and his testimony in the
postal cases. In this connection the
attention of the Senate is directed to
i the statement ef General Wood in an
jswer to the charges filed by Major
I Rathbone, General Wood. tells the cir
cumstances u:3der which Reeves sur
rendered money received from Neely
in the Cuban postal frauds and after
ward turned State's evidence in the
trials. General Wood said that, in par
doning Reeves, he believed he had the
right to constitute him a witness for
the state; for. although Reeves had j
been a defendant, "he had confessed
freely and fully concerning the frauds
committed in the Postoffice Depart
ment." It is charged further that Gen
eral Wood failed to inform the court
that he had promised to pardon Reeves,
and 'that in consequence of such fail
ure the court regarded Reeves as a de- r
fendant and' permitted him to testify
without the solemnity of an oath,
THAT RUNCIE ARTICLE.
The minority says that to get around
this order General Wood used his au
thority as Military Governor to change
the entire judicial system of the island.
PARDONING OF RI^EVES.
Secretary Roofs order was promul
gated by Colonel Scott as adjutant gen
eral on November 14, 1901, and trans
mitted to the court on November 15,
1901. In this military order the prose
cution is instructed that if it has any
intention of usins as evidence in the
trial of the postal cases testimony ap
plied for in the United States "steps
should be taken to immediately inform
the proper judicial authorities that this
cannot be allowed."
First submitted in the brief is the
argument that it is not denied that the
orders to the court, which were intro
duced by Major . Hathbone, were act
ually issued by General Wood as Mili
tary Governor. These orders were for
the admission of ex parte testimony,
and in that connection attention has
been called by the minority to an order
issued by the Secretary of War, in
which General Wood's orders are de
clared to have been a perversion of in
structions.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 5.— The views
of the minority of the Senate Commit
tee on Military Affairs protesting
against the confirmation of General
Leonard Wood to be major general)
have been prepared In" the form 01 a
brief to be used by the opponents of
his nomination when the reports of the
committee are presented for the action
of the Senate in executive session. The
brief follows the testimony Introduced
before the Senate committee in the In
vestigation, which was begun on No
vember 19 and continued until Decem
ber 17, directing the attention of Sen
ators to passages in the printed report
of the testimony and emphasizing the
charges made before the committee.
It is declared most of the important
subjects brought out in the hearing
came to public knowledge subsequent
to General Wood's promotion to be
brigadier general and that no compe
tent investigation has yet beer, made
in regard to actual facts of General
Wood's .military career and experience.
1 These assertions are made for the
purpose of meeting the argument of
Senator Foraker that obections to Gen
eral Wood's advancement should have
been made when President McKinley
had under consideration his promotion
to be brigadier general.
WOOD'S VERACITY QUESTIONED.
Says Secretary of Union Vowed
to Destroy Property if Non-
Inion Men Were Employed
Document Will Be Used by
, Former Surgeon's Foes Dur
ing Debate on Confirmation
Executors of Will of Crip
ple Creek Millionaire Are Giv
en Judgment in Federal Court
TELLS OF THREATS MADE
REVIEWS THE EVIDENCE
APPEAL WILL BE TAKEN
Independence Mining Company
Unable to Prove > Its Case
Against the Stratton. Estate
Another Witness Gives Sensa
tional Testimony Concerning
Blowing Up of Mine Building
¦/;• v ¦ ¦•-,..¦¦
Minority of Senate Investi
gating Committee Prepares a
Brief Attacking the General
COILS TIGHTEN
AROUND MINERS
STOCKHOLDERS
LOSE THE SUIT
SEVEN COUNTS
AGAINST WOOD
THE SAX FRANCISCO /CALL/ WEDNESDAY, -JANUARY G, 1904.
S'EW YORK.' Jan. .".—Charles M. Schwab
ti ill take the stand In the United States
Fliipbuildlns receivership ' proceeding* this
week.
5
' ¦ ' ADVTHTISEMEJnS.
' P
! The last pieces and last rolls of carpets
whose textures and designs have made
I this department famous. Odds and ends
i of a wonderful carpet year, and practi-
1 cally at your own price, for the room, the
\ hall or the corner that the remnant will fit.
' RPIIQ^FI Q...Tiie same Floral. Oriental and Persian two-
i ul »vyOLLO tone designs that have crowded this cCo>
t floor on many [a special day. This week, per yard, not laid.. OOw
1 TAPESTRY BRUSSELS ~SSSTTS r ?52 tt
I wonderful array of them. By the yard, not laid / DC
1 RnnV RPIIQQFI C...The $1.85 Brussels that mal? this
i DUu I UllUOOLLO depa-tmsnt famoas; the designs
> that have kept It famous. All patterns unreserved, but C 1 AA
not law, the yard 4^ 1 .UU
I \ YMIWQTFPQ— Luxurious, deep colored, hljh pile cover-
rtAlTlllllO I LI\O inis, marked to a minimum <£ | *>£
price. This week, the yard, not laid 4) 1 .Zu
V PI IP C Reversible. 30 by 69 Inch, or 27 by 54 Inch Flax pa
; l\U.UO"""Ruis,s3l»d colors or color designs; this week. DUw
QvIO PI inc... AH Brussels Rugs in many designs- for the
J7AI6 IWUO parlor, the l.vln* room, ths en
dlnlni room; this week .. CplZ./O
"The Cretfit House" 233-235-237 Post St. {
BEGAL SHOES.
man reader of this newspaper
is a possible customer for Regal
shoes. Probably one-tenth of them
really wear Regals now. If we could
get each man to tell the other nine what He knows
about Regal style, Regal comfort, and Regal wear, we
could not hope to supply the demand.
It is hard to overcome the inertia of long fixed habit.
A man who pays a custom shoemaker $12 or $14 a pair
for shoes can't seem to realize that times have changed.
He was right 20 years ago; he was right, partially, even
10 years ago, but that was before the time of the Regal.
Getting the best leather is only a matter of paying
the price— the best leather on earths cannot cost more
than $1.75 for each pair of shoes. We can afford to use
it and we do. We use the same grade* the fancy shoe-
maker does. • In style we are identical^-we ; copy him
and he copies us. We are never far apart. .
Then why do you pay him $14 for what we sell
at $3-50? We would really and. honestly like to
know how you figure it out. Will you call' and
tell us? ?• :';¦;¦'-'''^ :
¦ Ther* are 60 Kt-gml »U>re«, SO «f them in Grtuitcr » w Tork, when th« ityloi
"nemjtf. Thi> new Mjlei areoa ule at ear San Franrlico store at the aame tim*
San Francisco Store, Cor. Geary and Stockton Sts.
, THE EMPORIUM. ; } | THE EMPORIUM. - | _ THE EMPORIUM. j THE EMPORIUM
\ . ... " The Blacksmith" —¦Delorme's zvor Id famous painting-— now on free* 1 exhibition in J»
our Art Room, second floor, every day during business hours. ¦'- • '«
... - JI
Sale $20,000 Worth ; ; Special SaU Goods ordered by mail . ' Attend Paiti Concerts 5
JlfM«#i#ffl/fi#*»5»f» or telephone will not be senf COD. lit New Opera Cfoaff *
v //; Jlt * • Now 1-2 to 1-3 of 'the *
The most important sale of £%>*§/ fiwrf'f i i ffT Original Prices i
Women's and Children's Muslin In conjunction with the Annual Ccarancc S
Garments that is held in California caufornias larges^^ — Sale of the broken lines of all o:hcr classes of -J
each year. Quantities greater, as- N -?^$ib»£* 1i^'^r.c*s grandest stork tt c omcn ' s g»rmcn:s, we .^. !t
sortments greater and prices much ; ! . . ff * f\ of °" J eaatiiul 5
. ° . * . imported tnd domeinc *§aT *^" •*
S f£52§&* # 5**£* Oze: * Cloaks, E»;n:n ? Co«$ rflkJU "5
jfi&b i&fc\ an y Q u0t " W«*#fl> tlPCBMMMfJMCr BmBMBU and Opts at a ha'.t, or ic« thin *
"IrT T%& ' edi else " i%SM§n4\t <%tSir M/o#c^c $&£&?**£ //KfflK x
3~* > fi Where. V B^eMBMMSjf V#lfl VVaiOld $225.00 Fall I-ngth imoortrd / WjfiBSft *
/ J »^^A feffSH \ mrnt ispnt'.-c: TjP^f W jff»« r^5>*p f %J %P now $55mOO / llEQpi^
v/N^^KM vt'\V)-') Workmihship. We have been fortunite enough to secure a manufictur- , m t ' ' $4.5,00 l\ \ jlp^> •
/^*af) \\ 'W7 9 ood mitc ' cr ' s « m plc line of beautiful Silk Waists, in the new effects 25.00 E«n:n S Coaw, ¦ Iks j4»lBr^ X
II l\l nil ill r!lh v- nd tr?m~ for I 9°4» at an v avcl " a g e of «bout halt now - • $62.50 //§& £§fi^S£ %
II *iJ \ \Tv\ mb'gl " h a Ve" P T ' ce - They are all clean and fresh, 0^SP&b *S-S° E»eain 5 Coars, - ) '*
N /\Ik • \\\ th -" irrn » nufiC - There arc only 162 of thcic waisrs ir*-T ;4=-S° E?en;n S Capes, ! fit \ | l||]T » *
ri»l a 1 o n c if prices, you would bcit come //:vi#^wjv\ $14.95 /j^T^^ "5
. ... . 100 Waists worth up / /\k\\ V/4 J/^ slightly i
The PdUcost m picture ii marked only <j. 3 8 to $I2 SO to eo to-day / A JSSMlW sotted /row -J
for this ;a c. at 54.95— Made of Crepe / displaying. J
The Corset Cover 88c (and note how beau- de Chine, Peau de Soie, I >f h^lflllfffjft £% M ig* JT j»
tifully these garmrnti are trimmed); the Che. v civet and All-Ovcr Laces, : UJ^^W////////i O#©3#^gIflC© &&IG «
mise 88c. beautifully and in most in- /////// Q#**^o "*
Petticoats, gSc, $r.iS, $1.38, f/.gS, $s.rS, $2.38, f"" 8 «^«tely trimmed; won- YJBtl'l ''/' 9UiMSp J
Corset Covers, iSc. 38c, 4SC.6SC, S8c, oSc. the iaIc P ncs • *9>7 Wm ** m * : *' QjriOSattSj F UTS X
Gou-vs, 4SC6SC, 9 Sr, jr.tS, $t. 4 8,$t.6S, $r. 9 8, - Wa^ te wopth t<> t(> &% j^^ rments h^^ £
o, r <rs, , 9 c, 33 c, 4 s, 5 sc 9 s, $1 :,s, $r :3 s, along been the best sellers. They J
chemises, jSr,. 5 sc,' ssc, 9 8c, sr.38, $1.68, p"k; wonderful wines »t the n' A prxe . . . &&M+JO are the balance of dozens of lots. J
$i.oS up. , : . . . We haven't all sizes in every style, but X
Jn/ants Long and Short Slips, $r.oo values §2§if» SSVOSi&Ti L.0FHGS WC haVC UU sizeS in the various st y les anJ 5
4 Children's Short White Dresses, $i\'s ™lues " the savings are immense. $
/¦?£• Men's, Youths' and Boys' $30.00 Mixture Suits $i 7 . 5O x
>1HIMM _ M _ M _ Ma _ M iii^ aHHHBaManaiaBBBM> $30.00 Ztbelme Suits *».. 17.50 £
Sale Fancy Waistings . Winter ClothiltU f&%%%?££Zi;; .* '. .' 1 : %% '%
—. _ ¦ ***¦ $11.50 to $18.50 Cloth Coats S.25 X
TO-day Only 12C . • Some of this season's best fabrics .g££g2ggjSS-: \ \ \ \ \ %$ j
p.-c,,v < T yh™ [Twites, in impO r M and styles now at cut prices to close 5
Oxford effects and figured sa tin stripe waist- a V. OflCe. ini , wear at very speci J at pri ' ces X
ings, copies of foreign designs; light, medium _, ;> 1 _ . • -, " ™ ™" ~ ¦^-~" "^ — — —^^^— — i x
and dark colors in a large variety of stylish &2-5O to f/J.OO Suits for $g.^o I Gi*GSMt *
patterns; materials suitab'e for ladies' waists, $l6.$O to $20.00 Suits for . .$tj.8j X
kimono:, wrappers, etc., and for chidren's wear; $1 2.Z0 tO $1 Z.OO Ov€VCO*tS for $Q.Z 0 AniiUStS S^SS ?
regular 18c and :pc qualities; on ipeoal *J^-^. 0* / . tf- s\ , -r «<.*>. \
¦,, ; w^, r ,, iri . . . v . ,. . 12c *£?».*?•? o™™*M *&£ Household Linens \
Safe Travelers' Samafes Youths' Long Pants-Suits, worth $6.50 Large assortments at prices ? z
*%--*- and $7.00, re-marked .Sj.oo which mean an appreciable 5
LBC& UUrtatnS Boys' Sailor Suits that were $6.00 to- saving to prudent housewives. J
Hall Pairs Lace Cvrtams— (Only about 100 $IO.OO, now $5.00 to $6.50 Hnck Towels, 9c, roc, i>c, rje\ /Sc, 20c, 'X,
of these) 3^ yards 'long; worth 75c to ' 22Y*c. . «s
Hi#?| iiHii 50c Headrests 25c pSSill'S 6M *" \
' , /XT 1 v c Hnndrpd<; of nrpttv H<=»aHrp«;rs tti^Ha r»f Damask Clotks/pSc, $i.oS. $r.2$. $r.i8, ]x
Travelers' Cvrtain Samples— (Nearly 300) from n " uur f, u^ Ul pieiiy neaaresis, maae or - g - R > y" > * r .f. , .
...1 to. i# y«d» W; an width,; wKhe, fine Velours and finished with Cord and LiJ^vatkins ti -s tm* jc -s t> ,* : ?
ecruandArab 1 an; j Worthfrom:5octo$,.5o Tassels- Worth 50c ¦ each— On Special Damask Pattern Cloths, bleached, hand- $
each; all on Wednesday at the Off-^ sale in main aisle tO"day Only at OAT,, some patterns, varied assortment, jr. 12 to £
uniform price; each-.- .- . .:' :.mi%M%*- ... . Mm&C $¦> Q £ .«Injured Miner Sues Corporation.
REDDING, Jan. 5. — John M. Cates,
a young miner, has brought suit here
against the Bully Hill Copper Mining
and Smelting Company for $30,000
diimnge« for injuries received March
S last, the result, it Is alleged, of the
company's carelessness. Cates and
three others had a contract with Cap
tain Delemar's corporation to sink a
shaft, the company to care for the
earth excavated. A hoisting bucket
fell on Cates, breaking a hip and rib
and injuring his spine.
REDDING. Jan. 5.— Edward II
lingsworth, who -escaped from the
Shasta County jail in 1901 with Ben
Dorland, and who was supposed to
have perished or been killed by Indians
in the lavS fields of Modoc County, af
ter Dorland was killed in a battle of
the fugitives with officers In Modoc,
has been captured in Oregon. This
information reached here this morn
ing from Modoc. Sheriff Street of that
county having gone after the pris
oner.
In the battle in' which Dorland was
killed Deputy Sheriff Walker of Mq
doc also met death, so Illingsworth, if
the man arrested be he, will have to
answer for murder.
in Orejjon.
Modoc Sheriff Reports That a Fugi
tive From Sluistit Is in Custody '
CAPTURE A CRIMINAL
f THOUGHT TO BE DEAD
The slaughter wrs larger than usual
this year and includes many prominent
collegians. In addition to those who
have been "flunked" twenty-four stu
dents have been given leave of absence
without the privilege of returning to
college before next August, which
would indicate that their standard of
scholarship was so low that they were
in danger of being dropped from the
university had they remained In col
lege for the midyear examinations.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Jan. 5.—
The figures given out by Registrar El
liott show that a large number of Stan
ford-students have failed to reach the
standard of scholarship set by the
faculty. Fifty-two have been dropped
from college for deficiency in scholar
ship and ninety-three have been
warned that if their work does not im
prove they will meet a similar fate.
By departments the "flunks" are as
follows: Romanic languages, 1; Eng
lish, 2; history. 1; economics. «: law, 10;
mathematics. 1; chemistry, 2; physiol
ogy. 1: geology. 8; civil engineering, 6;
mechanical engineering, 3; electrical
engineering, 9. Of the warnings 2 were
given in ' the Latin department, 6 in
German. 4 in Romanic languages. Eng
lish 11. psychology 1, history 3, educa
tion 1, economics 6, law 15, mathematics
2,. chemistry 4, physiology 2, zoology 2,
geology G, civil engineering 15. me
chanical engineering 8, electrical en
gineering 5.
Special Dispatch to The Cell.
Half a Hundred Collegians
¦ Dropped From Stanford Roll
for Deficiency in Scholarship
STUDENTS FAIL
IN UNIVERSITY
TACOMA HAS UNIQUE
METHODIST CirCRClI
Edifice Has Equipments for Cooking
and a Gymnasium for Boys
and Girls.
TACOMA, Jan. 5.— Under the lead
ership of Rev. J. W. Miller, its pastor,
the Methodist church of Centralia has
built a unique church edifice, which
will be dedicated next Sunday by
Bishop Hamilton of San Francisco.
¦The pastor has arranged that the
building will be dedicated practically
free from debt. Its special features
arc the result of a belief of Pastor
Miller that churches can be made to
serve their members in many ways
between Sabbaths. One special oo
ject sought to be obtained is to Vro
vide comforts for farmers and their
wives when in town shopping. Cen
tralia is the shipping center for a
large stretch of tributary country,
which explains the desirability of this
feature. The basement of the edifice
contains a resting room for the use
of farmers, with a fully equipped
kitchen adjoining, where they can
warm lunches brought from home or
cook meals. Bathrooms are provided
on the same floor, with separate read
ing and reception rooms and a gym
nasium for boys and girls. This part
of the church will be kept open every
day, committees of ladies alternating
in welcoming and taking care of
friends and visitors.
Explosion Hurls Four Men to Death.
PENZAXCE! England. Jan. 5.—
Four men were killed and several were
injured by an explosion to-day at the
nitro-glyccrln department of the Na
tional Explosive. Works, eight miles
from here. The whole district was
enveloped in a cloud of black smoke
and nearly every window at St. Ives,
three miles from the scene of the.ex
plosion, was shattered by the terrific
force. Many windows were also
smashed at Penzance.
Lawyer Bodwell cross-examined the
witness rigidly and more than once
the witness appealed to Judge Duke
to protect him from what he consid
ered insulting questions and Infer
ences. The court cautioned the law
yer to be more courteous.
Mrs. Dunsmuir had come to witness*
offices at San Francisco to ask advice
regarding settlement with James
Dunsmuir. Witness had Wvised her
to accept James Dunsmuir's proposi
tion. She was not in fit physical con
dition to enter a contest. She seemed
well pleased with the terms of the
agreement, which was signed. Mrs.
Dunsmuir was in normal mental con
dition then and to her death. Wit
ness had seen her an hour before she
died.
Dr. Thome' told of conversations
with Alexander Dunsmuir. in which
Dunsmuir had stated that on Mrs
Dunsmuir's death he wished the prop
erty to go to James Dunsmuir's chil
dren, as he did not want Edna, re
ferring to Mrs. Hopper, to have a dol
lar of his money.
In the cross-examination by coun
sel for plaintiff Dr. Thorne of San
Francisco said he had never noticed
any mumbling by Alexander Duns
muir. except when intoxicated. Wit
ness did not consider that Dunsmuir
had alcoholic dementia nor meningi
tis. I ,
VICTORIA, B. C, Jan. 5.~Dr. Walter
Thome of San Francisco. Alexander
Durismulr's physician Tor years. .gave
evidence to-day In the suit brought by
Edna Wallace ,- Hopper to break the
dead millionaire's trill. He had first
attended Dunsmuir when the d*>ad mil
lionaire was suffering from the effects
of a debauch. Dr. Thorne testified to
an operation in 183" and said Dunsmuir
did not drink anything for several
months then, but the majority of oc
casions when witness attended were for
Illness from drinking.
Mrs. Wallace desired the witness to
attend oftener than he did to keep
Dunsmuir. in check. He had accom
panied Dunsmuir to British Columbia
as physician on the fishing tr!p and Dr.
Thorne told of conversations with Mrs.
Wallace, then Mrs. Dunsmuir, regard-
Ing the San Leandro property, of how
Dunsmuir wanted to give It to her with
a string on It and she would not have
it that way.
The principal reason, for Harrlman'a
action In obtaining the Chinese com
pany's ships Is the promise of the Port
land flouring mills to doubla their ca
pacity if a larger steamship line were
established. The differential created by
the rate war in favor of San Francisco
was very bad for the Oregon and Wash
ington millers, and the amalgamation
of the disturbing line and the Portland
line will again place all Pacific Coast
ports on even terms in the trade. Ori
ental exporters here who have suffered
from the lack of shipping facilities in
the past are much gratified at the an
nouncement.
This schedule will not permit the
China Commercial Company tn call at
San Francisco. The announcement was
made to-day by A. L. Mohler. president
of the Oregon Railroad and Navigation
Company, who has just returned from
the East. It is in effect thy carrying
out of the promise made by Harriman
on his recent visit here. The Increased
service goes Into effect next month.
In securing this bis addition to their
fleet the Portland and Asiatic Steam
ship Company have settled tht» rate war
which has been making such inroads
upon the profits of the trans-Pacific
business and Infused such an element
of uncertainty into the flour trade.
PORTLAND, Jan. 5.— The Fortland
and Asiatic Steamship Company, which
is owned by the Harriman interests,
has made arrangement3 whereby the
four steamers of the China Commercial
Company will come direct to Portland
from Salina Cruz, which is their first
port of call after leaving the Orient.
As their business with the Mexican
ports will require the greater part of
their inward space they will bring no
inward cargo for Portland, for the pres
ent at least.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Flouring Mills in the Oregon
Metropolis Promise Harri
man Capacity Will Be Doubled
Conversations of the Capitalist's
Wife About San LeandroProp
erty Are Repeated in Court
SETTLEMENT OF RATE WAR
PRESENT WITH A STRING
Four Steamers of the China
Commercial Company Will
Xot Touch at San Francisco
San Francisco Physician Tes
tifies at Victoria of Alexander
Dunsmuir and His Drinking
DOCTOR TELLS
OF DEBAUCHES
PORTLAND GETS
ORIENT SERVICE
Officials Capture Splendid Deer.
VALLEJO, Jan. 5. — Sunday after
noon a splendid buck, pursued by. five
hounds, sought safety in the lake in
Wild Horse Valley, which Is Vallejo's
source of water supply.. Superintend
ents Minahan and.Edgcombe, and City
Engineer Noyes secured. a boat, drove
«ff the dogs, which had Jumped into
the water after the deer, and then las
soed the antlered beauty and landed
him. He is still the prize of his cap
tors. • /-
v The", news of the "sulciae" of Dr. Stahle
was received with deep: grief at the
City Hall, yesterday/ where .the de
ceased was yery~populai .
the appointment of a deputy in the
Tax Collector's office.
Stahle was severely arraigned while
In charge of the City and County Hos
pital and was accused of lax methods
and gross extravagance.
MARRIED PIONEER'S DAUGHTER
Dr. Stahle was married to a daughter
of. the late G. .TV. Clark, the wall paper
manufacturer. They had' two children,
but both are dead. The youngest," a
little girl, died about six months' ago,
and from that time. Stahle grew very
despondent. He was stricken with
.paralysis about six, years ago, and this
also left him handicapped in life's bat
tle. His widow stated yesterday that
she knew* of no reason why her hus
band should have killed himself except
that he was very despondent and did
not enjoy good health. "•. , . :
The deceased served for a time of the
staff of ex-Governor Markham. He is
survived by a brother,-\vho is a con
ductor for the California Street Rail
road Company. His widow's brothers
are Dr. TVaverly Clark, a physician in
this city, and : Harry Clark, formerly
swimming Instructor* at the Olympic
Club. '
The. Rev. Father Cerretti, now at
tached to the secretaryship extraor
dinary of ecclesiastical affairs, has
been appointed secretary of the new
delegation in Mexico.
vROME. Jan. 5. — The Pope-to-day
signed the brief appointing Mon-
Bignor Serafino apostolic delegate to
Mexico, instead of apostolic visitor to
Mexico, a3 expected. This Is consid
ered by the Vatican authorities the
first step toward the resumption • of
diplomatic relations between Mexico
and the Holy See.
Pope Signs a Brief Appointing Mon
signor. Serafino Apostolic Dele
gate to That Country.
MAY RESUME DIPLOMATIC
RELATIONS WITH .MEXICO
BUDAPEST, Jan. 5. — Paul Eremitz,
a Liberal member of the Hungarian
Diet, -was murdered at Nagy'Kikinda
to-day by .two peasants. The motive
was revenge for the loss of a lawsuit
brought by the father of the murder
ers agdinst Eremitz.
Peasants Kill Hungarian Lawmaker.
PARIS. Jan. 5. — The Socialist Fed
eration of the Seine, a branch of the
Socialist party of France, to-day voted
the expulsion of M. Millerand, the So
cialist Deputy, from the organization
because of his vote at a recent session
of the Chamber of Deputies against
the proposal to reduce the military ex
penditure and thus eventually cornpel
the disarmament of France. It is be
lieved tha,t the action of the federation
will produce a new schism in the So
cialist ranks. , Millerand says he and
his friends will* remain Socialist,
though they are no longer members
of the Socialist party or of the Social
ist parliamentary group.
Voting Against Proposal to Re
duce the Military Expenditure.
Motes Oat Punishment to Him for
SOCIALIST FEDERATION
EXPELS FRENCH DEPUTY
The, principal ground on which the
new trial was, granted was the alleged
error in allowing Knapp's written con
fession of five murders to be read to
the jury, i The court said:
"The confession of so many cold
blooded crimes could be the work of
only a fiend or a maniac and It could
not fail to prejudice any person who
heard it read."
The court held that the State had
failed to prove the allegation in the in
dictment that Knapp had killed his
wife by choking and strangling apd
that it had not been shown how she
came by her- death.
HAailLTON, Ohio, Jan. 5.— Alfred A.
Knapp, self-confessed murderer of five
persons, who is now in the penitentiary
at. Columbus, awaiting execution for
the murder of his wife, was granted a
new trial to-day.
Ohio Judge, Because of Techni
cal Errors, Gives Quintuple
Murderer Another Chance
GRANTS KNAPP
A NEW TRIAL
the effects of the deadly illuminating
fluid that he utilized to make his exit
from the world.
Dr. Stahle hired a room in the Bruns
wick House on Sixth street on Monday
afternoon at 4:30 o'clock. He was not
seen again .until his body was found
yesterday morning at 8:30 o'clock by
the porter of the hotel.
The porter discovered the odor of gas
and traced it to the room occupied by
Dr. Stahle. The porter broke in ,the
door and found the occupant lying dead
on the floor dressed In his underclothes.
Beside the corpse were a few sheets of
common wrapping paper, upon which
the suicide told of his experiences as he
passed from consciousness to the ever
lasting sleep of death.
HIS I'RIENDS NOT SURPRISED.
That Dr. Stahle ended his life was no
surprise to a few of his intimate
friends. He had threatened to end his
existence during the last two months
and before his death Stahle wrote let
ters telling his friends of his intention
to seek the mysterious beyond.
The letters written by Dr. Stahle
after he had turned on the illuminating
gas and awaited death were as fol
lows:
"Plain Suicide. Excuse me for the
presumption and Inconvenience caused
you. Please ask Dr. Bacigalupi for me
to telephone to my brother, Charlea,
California Street R. R. Co. '
"The gas has been escaping over an
hour and I cannot find any difference
except a fullness in the head; pulsation
one hour after no material difference,
only about 85.
"They must have improved the qual
ity of the gas. Can't see to write. I
must be tough or the gas is Improved.
3 o'clock."
Before hiring the room in the lodg
ing-house Dr. Stahle wrote two let
ters announcing his Intention to seek
death. One letter was sent to George
Bowman, a saloon-keeper, 231 Larkin
street, with -whom the deceased was*
well acquainted. » '
WRITES OF HIS INTENTION.
In the letter received by Bowman
yesterday morning Dr. Stahle wrote
that he was tired of life and that he
had been compelled to borrow money
which he could not repay. He, declared
that his wife was not to blame in .any
way and that he regretted bringing
any trouble upon her. He asked for
giveness from his -relatives and his
friends.
A second letter was written by Dr.
Stahle before his death, "addressed to'
his wife in care of Bowman. Mrs.
Stahle was . too shocked yesterday ' to ;
read the letter, when Bowmair present
ed it to her after she had learned of
her husband's suicide.. ••'
Stahle was a native of California and
was prominent in political circles. He
was about 40 years old and was a grad
uate of the Annapolis Naval Academy.
He- served for a time as an ensign in
the navy and 'resigned inT Alaska.
Then he came to thlsxity and studied
medicine and took his degree and fol
lowed the practice of his profession.
About eight years ago he was ap
pointed Superintendent of the City and
County Hospital. Three years ago he
resigned that position and was given
DR. F. H. STAHLE. FORMER HEAD OF THE COUNTY HOSPITAL,
WHO COMMITTED SUICIDE BY GAS ASPHYXIATION IN A
SIXTH-STREET LODGING-HOUSE WHILE DESPONDENT.
McReynofds had been to Sebasto
pol on business. At noon he started
on the return trip for home and when
a short distance from Sebastopol a
portion of the harness broke. The
animal he was driving became fright
ened and ran away. After a short
run the horse- fell and slid along the
ground. One of the shafts struck in
the road and stopped the vehicle ab
ruptly, hurling McReynolds over the
dashboard. Parties pruning in an or
chard alongside, the road saw the ac
cident and hastened to the aid of the
unfortunate man. When they reached
his side McReynolds was beyond hu
man aid. He leaves a wife and seven
children. He has resided in the vicin
ity where he met death for more than
forty years, having settled in Sonoma
County in early days. He was more
than 70 years of age.
SAXTA ROSA; Jan. 5. — Stephen
Mclteynolds, an aged f rancher . of
Pleasant Hill, near Sebastopol, met a
violent death to-day at noon. He was
hurled from his buggy as if shot from
a catapult and struck on his head on
the road. His neck was broken by
the contact and death was instanta
neous.
Sonoma County Rancher, Hurled Frpm
a Buggy and His Xcck Broken
by the Fall.
AGED MAN* IS KILLED
IX RUNAWAY ACCIDENT
"Teofile Alatorre. 1 do this because
I have no means of support." These
words hastily scrawled with lead pen
cil In badly spelled Spanish upon a
piece of wrapping paper composed the
last message of a suicide whose body
was found at 3:15 o'clock yester
day morning on the sidewalk at the in
tersection of Powell street and Broad
way. Beside the dead man lay a vial
in which remained a few drops of car
bolic acid. The body was later identi
fied as that of T. Alatorre. a peddler.
The autopsy showed carbolic acid poi
soning-.
Per C. Bilsteen, a tailor. B2 years old.
placed the muzzle of a cheap bulldog
revolver in his mouth yesterday
morning and sent a bullet through his
brain. The deed was committed in the
tailor's room at 1010»4 Clay street. He
had been out of work and sick and de
spondent for a long time. He was a
native of Sweden and had no relatives
here.
Thomas Faile Sharp, an Englishman,
owning real estate In this city and Los
Gatos. was suffocated with illuminat
ing gas last Monday night in a lodg
ing-house at 314B O'Farrell street. The
body was found about noon yes
terday. He came to the house between
II o'clock and midnight and asked for
a room, tendering 60 cents, which he
paid was all the money he had. He
was very drunk and asked the land
lady to take care of some papers,
deeds, etc., which she declined to do.
The door and the window of the room
were found tightly closed, and the
key of the gas burner was fully open.
Among the papers was a memoran
dum purporting to give the estimated
value of the estate of William Sharp,
deceased, as SS1.216 75, including Ivy
Lodge, Sunset Lane. Another, docu
ment was the gift by Thomas Faile
Sharp of $10,000 to his wife. Mary M.
Sharp, dated July 15. 1903, the mon«y
being secured by a deed of trust to
the California Safe Deposit and Trust
Company, on certain real estate and
improvements on Hayes street, near
Stelner, and leased to a family named
Cnrbett.
Sharp resided in Los Gatos.
Sickness, Despondency and In
temperance Cause Death of
the Three Unfortunate Men
From reports received from Crrrvallia
it is said thr.t O. V. Hurt, the girl's
father, threatens vengeance on Oref
fi"!d. and it would not be a surprise if
the latter suffered bodily harm when
he meets his irate father-in-law. The
bride is a young lady of good appear
ance, well educated and accomplished.
Breaks disappeared and it is not
known where he went to, but Orefneld
came to Albany this morning. He was
accompanied by Miss Maude Hurt, a
young lady of about 20 years of age.
The two applied for a marriage license
and were married by Judge Palmer.
They returned to their temple and an
nounced their intention of remaining in
t! e county.
Last night Creffleld and Brook? went
over from their rud& temple to Cor
vallis. and about midnight the expected
happened. A score of masked men vis
ited their temporary abode and car
ried the two apostles to an old saw
mill a short distance from town, where
a liberal coat of warm tar and an
ebundance of feathers were applied over
the entire surface of their bodies. They
were then turned loose and the two
spent the rest of the night in relieving
themselves of the covering.
The memberphip increased, and last
October the family of O. V. Hurt joined
the ranks. Hurt was^chief clerk in a
large merchandise store and has occu
pied a prominent position in Bentnn
County and State politics. He is at
present Republican County chairman
*nd State committeeman and himself
end family bore excellent reputations.
The Hurt residence became the head
quarters of the. aggregation and Hurt
resigned his position and entered into
the continuous serio-comic perform
ances x>f the worshioors?.
.Finally Hurt went back to work in
the store and the apostles took up their
residence in a little hut just across
the Willamette River. from Corvallis, on
the Linn County side. Here they con
tinued to hold meetings and several
women frequented the resort. Cref
field and Brooks were unmarried, but
they did not lack for reminine atten
tion or become lonesome on account of
their state of celibacy. Linn County
people threatened to use drastic meas
ures in order to put an end to the
doings r.f the crowd, and Corvallis citi
zens likewise determined to call a halt
If they ever caught them in their midst
again.
CrefP.eld and Brooks first made their
appearance in Corvallis about nine
months ago as members of the Salva
tion Army, but after a few weeks in
the barracks they claimed to have re
ceived a divine message to form a new
organization. The new sect was termed
the "Holy Rollers" on account of the
peculiar antics of members who cried,
laughed, prayed and sang while rolling
end throwing their bodies over the floor
and ground.
ALBANY, Or.. Jair. o.-^F. K. Cref
field and H. Browks. leadtrs of a band
of religious fanatics that have been
creating a furor at and near Corvallis,
a' town ten miles west of this city,
•were tarred and feathered by about
twenty indignant residents of that
pJace la*t night.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Irate Father of the Girl Who
Eloped Threatens Vengeance
¦ on the Queer "Apostle"
OXE DEPARTS AND WEDS
Dr. F. H. Stahle, ex-Superintendent
of the City and County Hospital and
for the last three years a deputy in the
Tax Collector's office, committed sui
cide early yesterday morning by In
haling Illuminating gas in a room in a
lodging-house at 148 Sixth street.
Discouraged by poor health and
financial troubles, Dr. Stahle carried
cut his intention of the last two
months. He deliberately killed him
self and In his last moments made a
record of his dying experiences as to
MORGUE OFFICIALS BUSY
•'Holy Rollers" Venture Into
an Oregon Town and Meet
. With a Warm Reception
Peddler Swallows Carbolic Acid,
Tailor Shoots Himself, and a
Lodger Suffocates in His Bed
Dr. F. H. Stahle, Ex-Superintendent of City and County Hospital^
Commits Suicide by Inhaling Illuminating Gas / and Before
Demise Writes ' of Effects of the Deadly Carbon Monoxide
CITIZENS TAR
TWO FANATICS
EMPLOY POISON,
LEAD AND GAS
DESCRIBES HIS SENSATIONS WHILE
AWAITING SLOW, APPROACH OF DEATH
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 6, 1904.
6
DOAN'S KIDNEY PILLS. Jl'
Gor5t»oo©©e©oe<s9o©«o«oo«fi©©o5»oo©2<o©o»eooeo©©o©oaooeooooooo«oooe«oooooc
•• ¦-¦-¦- ¦ . - -• *¦ • . - ¦ os
OO - . ¦ ¦ • '" Qt
So II II *V A ff\ O ••
IS mj V r* L/illl\|V/l OrfJrvrl^ oo
So In the sma11 of the back, just above the hips, g|
%t JSi^PsiwJlL IS the dan £ er spot— a dangerous spot for pain— ©a
S© l|S|^PH®Jl a" d most aches of the back start there. There is SS
SS MBHI HFfR a reason for this, and it lies in the kidneys, which 25
%l IKll Iffil are Iocated near tne small of the back. Such eo
• e RSPil iW*i Pa'ns should be called kidney pains— backache So
IS I iHJjfPB- j should be called kidney-ache. The secret of why SS
«fc |fif|§f J^ Doan's Kidney Pills cure backache quickly is that 22
••¦ irifflSR^lSiii they reach the cause— the kidneys. Neglect the SI
SS earIier symptoms of kidney ills and serious com- §2
SS plications follow-urinary disorders, rheumatic go
§1 pains, diabetes, dropsy, Bright's disease. oS
OO . v. ¦: ' • §§
1 1 San Francisco Proof. I A TriaI Free j!
55 '' ' " ' '• ' ' 10 SAN FRAHCISCO CALL READERS. !•
©5 Joseph P.Jackson of 2 Rose avenue, now retired, says: ' '-""" — - - *
O® "Of all the remedies. I ever used for my back and kidneys *4&P*^ in \&Ksi !• ••
SS none took effect so promptly or acted so thoroughly as rj ' S^^k * 9
OO Doan's Kidney Pills. For years I had trouble with my back, &i SS
§§ and latterly it ached all the time. I dreaded to stoop on ac- m^rsJLwJ Pllls % ••
OO count of the acute twinges which shot across my loins .when OO
2J I attempted to straighten, and many a time I was compelled c<v rm ftTrrvifrr oo
OO to place my hands on the- small of my back and press them name : ; S*
22 ' into my loins for the slight assistance that makeshift afforded. PmO . ##
®« Two boxes of Doan's Kidney Pills stopped the backache and state ~ " SS
22 positively removed other symptoms of sluggish or over-ex- Fop tPla , mafl «o
06 cited kidneys.- I am only too pleased to recommend a 'prep- J^r^tSSS^^rtt^iidtiT^^* SS
OO. aration upon which the public can rely." . r **» >u » — ««— »
oooooooooboooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooboooooo«AaA*AAA**SS
ooooooooooooo9oee«o<»ooo«oe9eoeoo«0«9«« 9 9SSolSS«SSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
ADVZBTISEMENT5. \
PILES.
Cnmd Quickly and Without Pain.
There are pile remedies without
rumber. but there is only one cure,
rnd that is the Pyramid Pile Cure,
¦uhich is in the form of a suppository \
end is applied directly to*.the seat of
the trouble.
Any physician will tell you that for
the proper treatment of Piles nothing
can compare with a suppository,
whereas the greater number of prep-
arations that are % offered to you for j
the treatment of this disease are lo- j
tions, salves and ointments. Why?
Because they are not so -expensive as
a suppository, which is bound to. con-
tain more costly Ingredients and
which requires special machinery
to make it; moreover, a suppository
inserted up the rectum comes in direct
.contact with the cause of the com-
plaint, and no otjier form of treat-
ment does so.
Wallace Cookman. Hallerton, P. Q.,
Canada, writes: "I have had two sur-
gical operations for piles and they
•were not a success: artcr using three
boxes of Pyramid Pile Cure I feel as
, though I never had piles, and they
have afflicted me for twenty-five
years."
B. H. Palmer, Windsor. Cal.: "After
pufferirg from piles for fifteen years
and trying different salves and oint-
ments in vain I was completely cured
by the use of two fifty-cent packages
of Pyramid Pile Cure."
These and thousands of similar let-
ters go to 'show that piles ' can be
cured, are cured. Cured to stay cured.
Cured so they won't come back. Cured
without cutting. Cured without dan-
ger. Cured without pain. Cured with-
out detention from work. Cured with-
out indelicate examinations. Cured in
privacy of home',. Cured by self-ap-
plied treatment. Cured with very lit-
tle expense. Cured without the dread
and publicity of •waiting your turn
at the surgeon's office. Cured^ with-
out a dangerous surgical operation,
its period of enforced invalidism, te-
dious convalescence and heavy ex-
pense. 3Tou 6imply ; buy and apply a
cheap and convenient remedy; it does
the rest.
All druggists sell Pyramid .Pile Cure
at fifty cents a package, and. we urge
all eufferers to write ; the v Pyramid
Drug Co., Marshall. jMich.,-. for their
little 'book on "The. Causes and Cure
ef PJlea." .which -is sent free for the
melting.I who is visiting her relatives and friends
! in this city.
Another tea booked fcrr to-morrow is
j that of Mr?. Ferdinand William Steph
j rnson. to be given In honor of Miss
{ ICeweH Drown.
The St. Dunstan is to be the scene
of a. luncheon to-morrow, the hostess
being Mrs. Auzustus Costigan. The
nffair is planned in honor of Hiss Nel
son of Baltimore, who is visiting Mrs.
Costigan.
• • •
The California Club had a delightful
afternoon yesterday, the day being es
pecially devoted to "Forestry," and was
in the hands of the forestry section,
i under Mrs. J. J. Scoville. The follow
ing programme was rendered: Charles
W. Reed. "Forest Conditions in Cali
fornia": Kmll Pohll. "Forest Legisla
tion in California"; Mrs. Emil Pohli.
"The Black Forest": 'Miss Katherine
Hittell, address on the Mouni Tamal
pais Park. The addresses were espe
cially entertaining and a fine interest in
the beautiful trees of the State ¦ was
" manifested.
From Los Angeles — C. M. Dema
rest. at the Grenoble; H. J. Halfhill.
at the Victoria; and J. S. Johnston, at
the Astor. .
NEW YORK. Jan. 5.— The follow
ing Californians are in Xew York:
From San Francisco — Mrs. F. G.
Minor, at the Navarre; W. R. Mlxner,
O. D. Tobin and G. E. Bailey, at the
Rossmore; E. L. Smith, at the Grand
Union.
Californians in Xew York.
The Board -of Police Commission
ers, sitting as a pension board, yester
day afternoon resolved to postpone
the retirement of Captain A. J. Dun
levy until the first Monday in April
of the present, year. In the mean
time Dunlevy is ordered to report to
two Police Department physicians,
that a statement regarding his fitness,
by reason of his age, as a member of
the department might be had.
John Flemming and George E. de
Blois requested pensions on account
of disabilities, and their cases were
put over until next Monday afternoon.
Mrs. L. H. Harrison, whose husband
committed suicide last year, peti
tioned the board to grant her a
monthly allowance on the ground
that Harrison was driven insane by
reason of injuries he received while
performing police duty. , Mrs. Thomas
Conway made a petition for a pen
sion, saying also that her husband
Matters While in Session as
Pension Board. : ,
Police Commissioners Dispose of Many
had died as a result of injuries re
ceived while he was a member of the
Police Department.
William Tyner, Maurice Behan.
Raymond Silva, Joseph Hall. J. P.
Maf-Fton, Charles ' M. Barnes and
James Ailken, policemen who had
been retired by reason of physical dis
abilities, were summoned before the
board to show why they should not be
restored to active duty or deprived of.
their pensions. All. with the excep
tion of Hall, were ordered to report to
the regular police physician for ex
amination and to return at a meeting
of the board next* Monday afternoon.
Rev. William Hudson to Speak.
Rev. William Jay Hudson will de
liver a lecture before the members of
the British and American Union at
Academy of Sciences Hall next Fri
day evening. The subject of bis dis
course will be. "The Passion Play of
1900." A musical programme will be
rendered in connection with the lec
ture.
What children need is more models
and fewer critics. 1
Alnmcda County Deaths.
OAKLAND, Jan. 5.— G. Bustelli,
a pioneer vineyardist of Cali
fornia, died this morning \ at his
residence In Livermore. The aged wine
maker was born at Lucerne, Switzer
land, in 1S37. When 28 years old he
came to California and settled In So
noma County, establishing a large win
ery. In 1S86 Bustelli went to Liver
more, where, in company with A. Agul
lion. he started the Pioneer winery.
Eight years later Bustelli sold the win
ery to the California Winemakers' As
sociation, but he remained as /nanager
of the vineyard until two years ago,
when ill-health caused ; trie veteran
vineyardist to retire. He was succeed
ed by D. C. McXally.
The deceased winemaker was highly
respected in all of his business and so
cial relations. He was a member • of
Napa Lodge, F. and A. M., and was
also affiliated with the Knights of
Pythias and the Odd Fellows. A sister.
Theresa Bustelll. survives. The fun
eral will be held Thursday morning at
Livermore and the. body will be taken
DECIDE TO POSTPONE
DUNL.EVY'S RETIREMENT
WASHINGTON*. Jan. 5. — Jonah
Kalaniaole (Prince Cupid), the Ha
waiian delegate in Congress, appeared
in the Police Court to-day on the
charge of disorderly conduct, for
which he was arrested last night, and
his case was continued untiU Thurs
day. He had an altercation with a
man named Charles Clarke over a
personal matter, and when the police
interfered stated that he stood on his
rights as a member of Congress and
was immune from arrest. He and
Clarke were taken into custody, and
when advised at the police station to
leave collateral or send for his
friends he declined on the ground that
he was not subject to arrest. He
spent the night in a cell, and was
taken in the "Black Maria" to court
to-day, where he was given the usual
prison fare of* coffee and sandwiches.
Efforts were again made to have him
send for friends to arrange the mat
ter, but he insisted on a trial, and the
case was continued.
Some live men remind us of dead
ones who forgefto get burled.
PEKSOXAL MENTION.
Dr. L. S. Thompson of Hawaii is at
the Occidental.
A. B. Shaver, a lumberman of
Fresno, is at the Palace.
Mi R. Maddocks. a capitalist of Seat
tle, and wife are at the Palace.
C. Maud, a well known mining man,
and wife are at the Occidental.
George and John Willison, Scotch
tourists, are registered at the Palace.
Fred S. Swanton and J. J. C. Leon
ard, who are at the head of the move
ment to boom Santa Cruz, are at the
Palace.
Andrew Markham, a capitalist of
Santa Rosa, registered at the Occi
dental yesterday. lie Is on his way to
the southern part of the State. '
Rev. and Airs. F. L. Hawks Potts,
missionaries, who have been home on
a leave, arrived at the Occidental yes
terday on their return trip to the Or
ient. 1
R. P. Schwerin. vice president and
general manager of the Pacific Mall
Steamship Company, departed this
morning for the East, where he will
inspect the company's new steamer
Mongolia, which is rapidly nearing
completion.
Death of a Canadian Pioneer.
ST. LOUIS. Jan. 6. — Samuel Lount
Soules, one of the last of the pioneers
of the province of Ontario, Canada,
and a member of the House of Com
mons of that province, is dead at the
residence of his daughter in this city.
Death of Mrs. Eliza M. Farley.
Mrs. Eliza M. Farley died in Oak
land yesterday at the residence of her
son. Xewton S. Farley, after an illness
of about two months of blood poison
ing in the foot.
Mrs. Farley was born in Ohio, Feb
ruary 14. 1S22, and removed to South
western (now Berrein County) Michi
gan when a child, where her father.
Major Timothy S. Smith, was made
Deputy Governor by Lewis Cass, then
Governor of the Territory of Michigan.
She married Ebenezer Farley in 1840
and in 1854 the family came across
the plains by ox teams and settled
near Alvarado. Alameda County, where
they resided until a few years after
the demise of Mr. Farley in 1S79.
Mrs. Farley since the loss of her
husband had resided at Gllroy. Mon
terey. Los Gatos and Oakland. She
was the mother of the late Eben C.
Farley of Los Gatos, James H. Farley
of Hanford. Newton S. Farley of Oak
land, Mrs. Eli Emlay of Gilroy, Mrs.
Mary E. Fowler of Los Gatos and Mrs.
Emma F. Baker (deceased).
Death Calls Mnrysville Merchant.
MARYSVILLE. Jan. 5,-^WiIllam C.
Swain, a pioneer resident of this city,
died after an illness of several months'
duration. - The funeral was held to
day. He was prominent as a mer
chant throughout Xorthern California.
RIVERSIDE, Jan. 5.— Superior Judge
Xoyes in a supplemental charge to the
Grand Jury to-day instructed that
body to make rigid inquiry in the mat
ter of the sale of Riverside County
courthouse bonds, and made grave ac
cusations against the State Board of
Examiners, charging that State and
county alike had suffered a loss of
513,000 in the sale of the btmds. Fol
lowing are the words of the Judge in
hi3 instructions to the Grand Jury:
"The fact of the case, gentlemen, 13
this: The State Board of Examiners
must have known of this swindle, be
cause the agent aforesaid could not
have operated as he did in making the
bid for bonds without assurance on the
part of the State Board of Examiners
that they would take them. And. as
they allowed this agent to operate with
the money of the State directly, al
though In the name of a Chicago firm,
has not the State. of California prac
tically hid the full sum of $169,000, in
stead of $156,000, all of which should
go, in justice and good conscience, to
the countv of Riverside?
"If this be so. Riverside County
should have to-day in its* treasury the
full sum of $169,000 instead of the lesser
amount. It is apparent that the State
Board of Examiners knew of these pro
c tedings leading up to the bid of
$155,000. It is apparent that the State
Board of Examiners knew that funds
over which it had plenary control were
being used directly to consummate th.s
deal. This board knew that it was
paying $13,000 in excess of the bid. and
yet it pays this unconscionable differ
ence for bonds when it could, by its
agent, secretary or through a local
bank, have bid successfully at an ex
pense not to exceed $25 or $50 at the
most. *
"From these facts a double injustice
appears lo have been perpetrated. The
State has been swindled out of $13,000
through the act of its Board of Ex
aminers in paying this $13,000 more
than the bid. or the county has been
swindled by losing this $13,000 the State
was willing and did pay for the bonds,
but which Riverside County never got."
The court further asked that Daniel
Kevane. H. A. Kirkwood, agent of the
Trowbridge-Xiver Company of Chica
go; F. M." Dunbar, chairman j of the
Board of Supervisors; W. V. Clancy,
County Auditor; William Douglass and
the cashier of D. O. Mills & Co., bank
ers, through whom the alleged corrupt
deal was consummated, be subpenaed
and required to tell what they know.
Have Knowledge .of an
Alleged Deal in Bonds
• * 1
Examiners* Are Declared to
Says He Has Not Lost Heart
in Consequence of • Recent
Financial Troubles in Zion
SAX AXTOXIO, Tex., Jan Z.— John
Alexander Dowie and several of his
companions, in company with George
F. Lupton. assistant general pa^sengc*
agent of the San Antonio anil Aransa*
Pass Railroad, are spending »!«• night
on the Texas coast. Before leaving
here Dowie authorized this statement:
"I have not lost heart in consequence
of recent affairs in Zion, which is
stronger financially than ever. I am
on my way to Australia and will sail
on the Sonoma from San Francisco
January 21. We intend to "Sfablish a
number of Zion cities and or* «>f them
in the South, just where I cannot say
at this time. I am merely investigat
ing."
At the San Antonio and Aransas
Pass Railroad headquarters it was
stated that Dowie may be induced to
establish an "eternal city"' near
Brownsville. Tex., and that there is no
intention to purchase. Mata^orda Isl
and, as it is a barren, samly tract.
Dowie "Says he expects to stari for San
Francisco early next week.
Aged Banker Dies.
SONOMA, Jan.. 5. — David Burris. a
well-known Sonoma County banker,
died at his residence here, this morn
ing at 3 o'clock as the result of old
age.
Mr. Burris was the president of the
Sonoma Valley Bank and also held
a large interest In the Bank of Santa
Rosa. He was 76 years of age and a
native of Missouri. He owned valu
able and extensive interests in So
noma and Tulare counties.
DOWIE TALKS
OF HIS PLANS
JUDGE ACCUSES
A STATE BOARD
Appeals -to Citizens to Uphold. High
Chic Standards of Community
in Which They Live.
Rabbi Jacob Voorsanger delivered a
forclble talk to the members of the
Young Men's Christian Association
laat eve'ning on "Good Citizenship."
He gave an. exposition of his views on
what tended to make a good citizen.
He contended that one man owed a
responsibility to another, and it was
his duty to be conversant with the
laws of his country and to obey them
to the letter.
He declared that the - association
was doing its duty to the State and
nation by holding night schools,
wherein men who are anxious to
study so that they may be able to
discuss and appreciate political eco
nomy may be directed by able teach
ers. He. appealed to the assemblage
to do its share in the preservation
and maintenance of the highest pos
sible civic standards in the commun
ity. He said it was the- duty of all to
live moral Iive3 and uphold moral
laws. He- did not believe in idleness
and gave it as his opinion that even
scholars should be taught a trade in
order to better fit themselves for the
world's work. .
"Civilization stands for far more
than a condition," he said. "Civiliza
tion irl reality is an expression of the
rejationship that exists between mem
bers of a community. It is the ex
pression of a conscious relationship;
it is the expression of an intelligent
relationship between members of a
community. We are all responsible to
one another. A community means an
aggregation of units that are respon
sible to each other.
"Ignorance in our age almost be
gets a crime. It certainly is a mis
fortune, but it is almost a crime. Why
a crime'' Because the opportunities
for knowledge are so ample that there
is not one human being in the coun
try that need withdraw from it. Why
a misfortune? Because in this out
reaching age it Is the man of knowl
edge that will always win out against
the man of ignorance."
Death of a Well-Known Authoress.
BALTIMORE, Jan. 5. — Mrs. Mary
Elizabeth Wormley Lathner, the au
thoress, is dead at her home here. She
was 81 years old and had been in
feeble health for some time, the shock
of the death of her husband. Randolph
Brandt Latimer, on Christmas ' eve
hastening her end. Her husband was
a member of the engineer corps which
laid out the Baltimore and Ohio*Rail
road.
1>R. VOOIISAXGER SPEAKS ;
OX GOOD CITIZENSHIP
Xevada County Pioneer Passes.
GRASS VALLEY. Jan. 5. — Captain
James Powning, one of this county's
earliest settlers, died here this morn
ing: at an advanced age. Powning
was a native of England. He came
here in 1852 and became identified
with mining-. During the Comstock
boom ho went to Nevada and cleaned
up a fortune, but lost it later in specu
lations and free-handed generosity.
For years' past he has lived a lonely
life in a cabin, though relatives and
old friends made his declining years
as cheerful as possible. He leaves a
wealthy brother, who is traveling in
Europe.
* DMVTII OF COUNT MOOKE.
Former Member of British Parliament
Passes Away In Ireland.
DUBLIN, Jan. 5. — Count A. J.
Moore died to-day at Moores Fort,
Tipperary.
Count Moore was born in 1S40 and
was a former member of . Parliament.
He was created a Count and a com
mander of the Order of Gregory by the
late Pope Leo XIII.
.
Mme. AJellna Patti. Baronesa Ceder- >
strom, the world-famous diva, will ar- ;
rive In this city this afternoon, direct j
from Salt Lake City, and will appear !
at the Grand Opera-house to-morrow ;
evening after an interim of many year's. '
There has been an enormous demand 1
for seats for the two concerts that j
Mine. Patti will «ive and tha theater
has been practically sold out. N \
The greatest care will be exercised j
for the safety of the audiences that ]
will flock to the Grand Opera-house to- j
morrow • evening and next Monday !
afternoon.
Chief of Police WittmaJi nas notified !
the management dj the Grand Opera- i
house that it muat sell no "standing |
room" tickets and that the aisles and j
exits must be carefully guarded. i
A force of policemen under orders of j
Captain Splllane will be stationed at I
the Grand Opera-houae during the Patti •
concerts. .Nu eroV«»in< . ( i
in the entrance and special regulations |
will be in force as to the ai rival of |
carriages with patrons of the opera- i
house. "
Chief Sullivan of the Fire Department j
will detail the usual number of men j
to be stationed on the theater- stage !
during the Patti concerts and every 1
precaution will be taken to safeguard \
those who will listen to the dulcet tones i
of the famous eantatrice. • —
The Midwinter Congress of the Sal
vation Army began its four days' ses
sion last evening.
The fiist service was held in Con
sreFs Ha!!. 1271 Mission street. The
large auditorium was crowded with
Salvationists alone: thV enemy was
strictly on the outside. The large plat
fcrrm was occupied by the leading offi
cers and the noted staff brass band.
Cclonel ard Mrs. French, surrounded
by their immediate staff, were in charge
and occupied the center of the stage.
After a sons several selections by
the band and prayers by Staff Captain
Day of Oakland and Mrs. Major Reid
of San Francisco, Colonel French made
thr opei'ing addres?. outlining the work
of the congress, taking the occasion to
congratulate the troops on the ad
vances made during the last year. He
referred to some elaborate building pro
posals 1 hat were under consideration
in Los Angeles and Seattle, and to the
fact that the City Council of Ogden
hsd de< id?d to ?ive the army a lot
ui>c-;i which to erect a building, but
promised that San Francisco would not
be brhind. and he hoped within the
coming yebr the plans might be launch
ed for the erection of a Consul Booth-
Tucker mf-moria! here.
Short addresses were then made by
Adjutant George Montgomery of San
Francisco. Mrs. Adjutant Webster of
Pacific Grove. Staff Captain Crawford
and Major Reid of the industrial homes
department.
Among the leading workers that reg
istered their arrival were Staff Cap
tain Thompson Crawford of the Cen
tral California Division, Adjutant Me-
Kenzie of Santa Rosa, Ensign Moye
of Bakersfieid. Ensign Heisinger of Salt
I^ake City. Ensign Barker of San Jose,
Adjutant Webster of Pacific Grove, En
sign Barbe of Vallejo, Ensign Stemhoff
of Napa and Adjutant Plumstead of
Sacramento.
The programme for to-day is as fol
lows: First session of the school of
the prophets. Xu be held in the Central
M. E. Church parlors, commencing at
9:30 a. m.. topics devotional. Ensign
Bamberry; 10 a. m.. soldiers' and holi
ness meetings. Adjutant Bryant, Reno;
10:30 a. m., "System," Brigadier Wood;
11 a. m., "The Field Officers' Home."
Adjutant Stedman: 11:20. "The Field
Officers' Health and Personal Habits,"
Staff Captain Crawford: 2:30 p. m.. sec
ond session, devotional. Adjutant Man
hart; 3 d. m. t "The Band of Love,"
Adjutant Plumstead; 2:30 p. m.. "How
to Lead a Salvation Meeting"; 4 p. m.,
"The Social Work." Staff Captain Day;
4:30 p. m., "The Corps Cadets," Major
Fynn.
In the evening special services will
be held In all the halls, the leaders be
ing Ensign Barker at Kearny and Com
mercial streets. Staff Captain Crawford
at Market and Turk street?. Major
Fynn at Howard and Third streets.
Staff Captain Day at Mission and Ninth
streets, Adjutant Plumstead at Mission
and Twenty-third streets, Mrs. Staff
Captain Erickson at Grant avenue and
Bush street. Adjutant McKenzle.
Chinatown, and Adjutant Webster at
Kearny and Clay streets.
The big rallv will be held on Thurs
day night in Lyric Hall.
PRINCE CUPID
GOES TO JAIL
Special Precautions to Be
Taken by Authorities for;
Safety of Theater Patrons !
BIG DEMAND. FOR SEATS!
MARKS FIXE ADDRESS
?
Colonel French Opens Meet
ing and Congratulates Troops
on Advance Made During Year
James K. Cosgrave. for manj' years
business manager of the Evening Post.
died yesterday afternoon a'ter an Ill
ness of jtwo months. The cause of
death was pernicious anaemia. The
deceased had been a!l!ng for some
time and there was a gradual breaking
down. Tvhlch defied medical science.
Ha waa taken to St. Luke's Hospital,
but v/as removed to his home at -CIS
Octavia street two weeks ago. Sur
rounded by his loving relatives Cos
grave passed quietly to his death.
James K. Cosgrave was. born in New
Zealand and was 39 years of ag* at
the time of his demise. His. parents
lota-ted in the Antipodes, having gone
there from Ireland. The de
ceased came to California about
llfteen years i*go with his parents and
was firs: employed as a drug clerk at
Wakelee's store at Bush and Mont
gomery streets. He followed the drug
business for a time and then went into
the business office of the Evening
Post as a bookkeeper. His sterling
qualities were quickly recognized and
he rapidly advanced until he became
business manager of the paper eight
years ago, which position he held un
til his death. The deceased was un
married. He . is survived by three
brothers and two sisters. One brother.
John O'Hara Cosgrave, was formerly
proprietor of the Wave, a weekly pa
per, and he is now in New York City.
Charles O. M. and Desmond M. Cos-
Krave, other brothers, are engaged in
business in this city, and two sisters
are Dr. Millicent Cosgrave, a practic
ing physician, and Miss Patricia Cos
grave.
The deceased was prominent in fra
ternal circles. He was past president
of Ignatiau Council No. 35 of the
Young Men's Institute; past president
of the Knights of St. Patrick and a
prominent member of the Knights of
Columbus. He also served for some
years as a trustee of the Mechanics'
Institute and resigned from that po
sition about two years ago.
MRS. WILLIAM M. BOWERS
IS CLAIMED BY DEATH
Wife oX Alametla City Trustee Passes
Away at Her Home After a
l.o us Illness.
ALAMEDA. Jan. 5. — Kate Thomp
son Bowers, wife of City Trustee Wil
liam M. Bowers, passed away this
afternoon at her home, 1109 Santa
Clara a\?nue. She had been ill for
nearly a year, and six months ajco un
derwent an operation from which* she
failed to recover.. D?ceased was a
woman of kindly disposition and char
itable in all her acts. She was a na
tive of Indiana and the daughter of
Cornelia and the late N. S. Thompson.
Mrs. Bow«rs resided in this city for
eleven years and in California for
thirty years. Besides her husband
the deceased leaves two young daugh
ters. Her funeral will take place
Thursday morning from the family
residence. Interment will be in Cy
press Lawn Cemetery.
to the Odd Fellows' crematory in San
Francisco for incineration. '% " *
Mrs. K. M. Bones died to-day at
her, home, i 967 Alice street, leaving
one son. The deceased was the di
vorced wife of Samuel Bones, a, con
ductor on the Seventh-street local.*'
' The funeral of John Kelson, a Cal
ifornia pioneer, who died laat week
at the home o* his xlster, M.rs. Eliza
beth Middleton of 2S07 Shattuek avo
nuo, Berkeley, was hsld to-day from
the late residence of the deceased In
San Francisco. •Interment was at
Mount Olivet Cemetery.
Famous Diva "Will Again Singj
at tho Grand Opera-House
After Interim of -Many Years
Midwinter Congress of Sal
vation Army Begins Session
in Presence of Great Crowd
. One of the most Interesting wed
dir.KS of the winter will occur this
rveiiins at 5 o'clock when the ttunnins;
M:«5 v'aro'.ine Avers, daughter of Gros
venor Aycrs, will become the bride of
I '.r,:s S«»arles. Rev. Dr. Clampett of
ficiating'.
The bride's charming sister. Miss
May Ayers, will perform thr duties of
bridesmaid, while Frank King will
!-erve the groom. Isaac Uuhatm and
Hubert Mfi 1 a.<» ushers will uphold the
v.hite barriers that mark th«* aisle that
.'tads to the altar.
Although the ceremony is to be in
ihe nature of a home affair, to which
unly relatives and intimate friends
have been bidden, ihe hous~ has be»n
turned Into a sray garden, loses red
and pink, with masses or gret*n telling
the tale of gladness.
Those who will have the honor to
drink to the health of the bride at
her rose-laden table are: Mips- Gene
vieve King:. Miss Kdith Simpson. Mrs.
Silas Palmer. Miss Wanda Barstow,
Miss Lucic Kinp. Miss Edna Uicklna,
Mrs. Muscoe Carnett, Uiss Ituth Mer
rill, Miss Mary Ayers, Isaac Upham,
Frank Kins. Hubert Me?, Joseph King.
Koy Pike. Charles Merrill, Douglas Me-
Bryde, Silas Palmer and Blntcoe Gar
nett. •
. The hapj>y pair will speed a>vay for
their honeymoon, but their destination
has not been given out to their friends.
• • •
A delightful affair was given Monday
flight by the gay little Gaiety Club at
Century Hall.
Miss Stella McCall stood at the head
of the receiving party and was over
. whelmed with congratulations lor the
<lelicious sang froid displayed in her
position of honor*
The men who were elected by ballot
to become guests of the club were:
• Edward M. Greenway. Allan Kittle.
Sherril Schell, Sidney Salisbury Doug
las Waterman, Wharton Thurston.
Oerald Rathbone. Cyril Tobin. Percy
King, Angelo Conte. Harry Stetson,
William Dcnman, Athole McEean, Wil
berforce Williams, John Polhemus, Al
lan Wright and Count Grimanl.
• • ¦ •
The ¦ hostesses were the following
clever girls:
Miss Helen Chesebruugh. Miss Xewell
Drown. Miss Christine Pomeroy, Miss
Lucy Coleman. Miss Elizabeth Allen, j
Miss Frames Allen. Miss Olga Ather-.
ton. Miss Gertrudc'Eell?. Mi=s Frances
Howard. Miss Elizabeth Livermore.
Miss Stella McCaila. Miss Margaret
N»u hall. Miss Elsie Tallant. Miss Em-!
Ely Wilson. Miss Cora Smedberg, Miss
• Av.na. Sperry, Miss Genevleve King. 1
Mies Gertrude Josselyn, Miss Ruth
.M-Nutt. Miss Isabel Kittle. Miss Linda
• 'ariv. a:iader. Mis? Lutie Collier, Miss
Emily Cardan. Miss Elizabeth Hunt
ingtoo. Th«> guests included Miss Doro
thy Gittings of Baltimore. Miss Chris
¦ ¦ de <Juigne and Miss Florence Gib
bons.
• • •
Mrs. N'orris King Davis (formerly
Thereto Morgan) was the guest of Mrs.
Horace Davis, her mother-in-law, yes
terday at an informal reception. The
rf-orrs were made beautiful by the j
prodigaJ u«o of pink roses and huckle- I
berry. . |
Mrs. L. L. Baker. Mrs. Ira Pierce, j
Airs. Jar.?s Otis. Mr?. Bradford Leavltt.
Mrs. E. B. Pond. Mrs. Arthur L. Whit
ney. Mrs. A. B. Ford. Mrs. Horace Hill,
Mrs. Willis Davis. Mrs. James Hogg.
Mr*. Charles E. Green. Mrs. George
'Shreve. Mrs. Earle E. Browne!!. Mrs.
Norri?. Mis? KHa Morgan, Miss Ruth
McN'utt. Miss Mary Josselyn. Miss
Genevieve King. Miss Beaver. Miss
"Xinda Cadwaiiader and Miss Helen
Ea:!y.
An "at home" was given yesterday by
Mrs. Emmet Rixford. assisted by her
Filter, Miss Cornelia Campbell, at her
home on California street. During the
fash'.onab!e hours many smartly
gowned "women called.
.A dinr.fr was given at the Bohemian
Club last night that eclipsed any given
for many moons at that home of bon
homrr.e, when James D. Phelan enter
tained thirty-five guests in honor of
his charming young niece, Miss Alys
Sullivan, the debutante.
A pretty picture was Miss gullivan at
the fortnightly dance at the Palace,
when she was gowned in a filmy frock
r,f white, with a wreath of pink roses in
her hair.
Miss Sullivan will unquestionably be
one of the favored maids of the
charmed circle.
The Sempervirens Club will hold its
annual meeting Saturday. January 9,
at 2 p. m.. at the Palace Hotel. Re
ports of the different local clubs
throughout the State will be read. John
STcNaught will address the club on
"The Protection of the Forest" at 3:25
r>- rn. All those interested are cordially
Invited.
The Calif onsia Pioneers' Auxiliary
r.Ti! hold its annual reception at Pio
neer Ilall to-morrow evening. These
affairs have always been of vast in
terest to the argonauts of honored
name, a^d are likewise very smart.
Mrs. Kenneth Jackson, wife of Judg*
Jackson, has returned from Kansas to
her home at the Palace, where she will
rrrnain through the winter.
To-morrov/ Mi^s Ma ye Colburn n-il|
jriv a tea in honor of the ir.uehly feted
Mrs. Harry Macfarlane of Honolulu,
Prominent Newspaper Business Manager Passes Away
• After an Illness Listing Two. Months— Banker David
Burris of Sonoma Is Summoned to His Fin'il Rest
MADAME PATTI
COMES TO-DAY
SAVING SOULS
ITS MISS10N
JAMES K. COSGRAVE AMONG
THOSE CALLED BY REAPER
SEARLES-AYERS
WEDDING TAKES
PLACE TO-NIGHT
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL; WEDNESDAY. JANUARY 0. 1904.
Richard Trice Lowell Passes Awny.
| MEDFOUD, Mass.. Jan. 5. — Rich
i ard Price Lowell, an associate of Wil
i Ham Lloyd Garrison, died here to-day.
7
ADVERTISEMENTS?.
This scientific pTmicide.which
is harmless, cures by killing
disease germs. "Used and
endorsed by the medical
profession everywhere. Sold
by leading druggists. If not
at yours, send =5 cents for a
trial bottle. The genuine bears
rcy signature. Accept no
substitutes. Address
(y « yj{?__r — 4 — 1 — j ei.orri»t»Et.
m^. et^ggGgJEp «*• Tit
rxiK /ValaaMa B*«VIaC •¦ tkm
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Eczema
Sal! Rhrum. Rinjrvvorm, Itch,
/'.'.Tie or oihrr skin troulvles,
[trocspCJy relieved and cured by
! / !
ADVEBTISEMENTS. .
/ -—^ —^ — — ___ ——————
Entire Stock
of high grade shoes to be closed out
Regardless
of Cost
Yesterday our big store was crowded
to the doors.
TO-DAY
We have thirty extra salesmen ;md
scores of n'ew and better bargains.
Every Shoe in the House
. . at greatly reduced price, for
The Entire Stock Must Co
We have no branch stores.
NOLAN BROS.
=== == m . 812-814 Market Street
PHELAN BUILDING -¦ 9.,, O'Farrell Street
ADVERTISEMENTS.
GOOD 4^ KODAK
FUGTURES
Are my specialty. I Print and De-
velop them at prices lower than any-
one else. I lead In Kodak Develop-
ing and Printing. My work Is high-
class in all respects. %
Here are some figures:
Derelopiar:
Roll of six lOo
Roll of twelve ISO
Print lag:
Solio finish 3o to Co
Vclox finish 3o to 8c
Orders by mail promptly filled.
THAT MAN- PITTS
F. W. PITTS.
100S MARKET ST.. Above PowelL
SAX FRANCISCO.
KB Vwt. 1 * " * *~ "'it' 1 — — •* \
9 TA BH U RST
I Ctyct&tt BRAHD*
B q3AHTE3 SIZ£t QBAITII IAB8
H CLUCTT, PEABODY A CO. V;
S Maker* of Cfcxett tnd Xourca Siirt*
v ' \ 10 Cents a Copy. $1.00 a Year
"At Any Price the" Best"
r JftJLrJ^-^s^^^^j?^ s.s.* e c*r. c™ 14 Months— $LO0
8, 8. McCUJRB COMPANY. «S3 LexSactoa B«£61ac Mew York City. -
' ' ¦ _The number of lunatic* uTKler control
in Ireland is 22,000, an increwe of 1000
in two years.
Special infarnsaticn «wpptJe« e&Sly to
business bouses *n<l public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau <Ailf>n'm>. 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main v££ •
"John," said the boss In his harshest
tone, "I understand you spent j-our
afternoon at the ball game. And yet
when you asked permission to absent
yourself you said something about a
funeral." '
"Yes, sir; that's what H was for our
club. e4r."--CleVcl&ttd riaia* Dealer.
TowraeaiTs California glace fruits and
candies 50c a pound, ft, artisttc fire
etched boxes. A r.ice present for Eastern
friend*. OS Martet tt. above Call bldg. •
FLATTNUM-J. D. B., Spokaue, Wash,
Two ounces of platinum will be melted
by the oxyhydrogen process -whenever
a heat equal to 30S0 degrees Fahrenheit
can be obtained. The length or time
depends npen conditions. The metal is
placed in a "furnace" composed of two
Cat pieces of Quicklime scooped out so
as to represent two carpels, one the
bottom and the othtr the lid. The
lower cupel has a notch cut .In its side
to serve as a.n exit for the liquefied
platinum; The upper one is pierced at
its center -with a slightly conical round
hole through which the platinum nozzle
of an oxyhydragen blowpipe enters, so
that the- name beats down orrthe raetai
WRONG WAY OF HOLDING
FOOT ON* PEDAU
*h»? Farr.p time you rtrikc the chord —
•he pedal Is of ufo only tvhen the mu
fio5an> Jian<1 has left the chord (or
:vuc); consequently do not presar the
pfe&i) until the hand is about to leave
the keyboard, and when It <lhe pedal)
i* once "on" leave It on until the hand
dowc*»nds one* more lo strike another
chord. In this mos«t beautiful ef
n?cta may be accomplished,' and the
u.ne given out will havt> almost the
ruttnesa and Fonorlty cf that produced
by a v'V* orpan.
The p<-iZ&\ if atso a Ereat help (xvhen
uwi in this way) Jn "broken chords,"
-where a h.v,T>iike effect Is desired.
A Rain 1 wouM refer ihe pupil to Pa»
dorewski. His pedaling Is the most
marvelous thing imaginable, feet
Fcercvine to ir.ove almoet as rapJdly as
hi* hanxis at limes.
In mcfl nieces of music the pupil
*\ 111 find signs indicative of the places
nhr-re Oie r^dal is to be put ©a and
taken ©JT. C*uaJ!r the abbreviation
"Pcd." show* where the compoEcr Sn
trnde the pedal to be used, and a small
star indicate* the point where the foot
fchould ceaFe lo press the pedal down.
These signs shoula all be followed
taiihfuUy, as the coniposcr has, of
THE PALACE— Subscriber. Rock
Bay, B, C. The Palace Hotel in San
Francisco is what is known as a "brick
structure." not a "frame structure.™
The walls and division walls are brick
and the room partitions scantlings, lata
and plaster.
Journalism in China.
In Germany the position of a news
pan«r editor is a precarious one, says
the Indianapolis Journal. He must be
very careful not to criticise the Em
peror, or otherwise to incur the wrath
of the press censor, or he will be thrown
into jail and his paper will be sus
pended. But in China It is even worse.
The offending "editor who expresses
opinions contrary to -those of the ad
ministration is liable to the extreaae
penalty— death In no merciful guise.
Several months ago a pn*acher of
reform in Peking was beaten to death
with bamboo rods?. Later the editors
of the publication called Supao were
charged with sedition. Their sedition
consisted in advocating more modern
methods in the administration of the
Government. This brought down upon
them the anger of the Dowager Em
press, who ordered their instant ap
prehension. It appears, however, that
the editors had realired the enormity
of their offense, for they sought refuge
In the foreign reservation, n-here they
came under the protection of the con
sulates.
The Question whether the daring
newspaper men should be surrendered
to the native authorities Vas referred
to the legations. It was certain that
if this should be done cruel acd bar
barous punishments would follow. The
British Consul stoutly opposed giving
the fugltites up, but, for some reason
or other, United States Minister Con
per sided with the Russian represen
tative, who wished to accede to the
PITBLJCATIOX — W. X. R., City. If
a person has written an article and
has had it printed in one publication
it is not the correct thing to offer it
for publication to another publica
tion without giving notice that it has
been previously published.
THE Los Angeles orange growers have arrived at
the conclusion that the best move they" can make is
to give to the thousands of tourists who annually
come from the East to California the best fruit that
grows in the orchards of the* State. Climate is the chief
asset of this State. ? In point^f attractiveness the prod
ucts of orchard, vineyard and field ire next. They show
the value of climate; effectively. But if the visitor has but
the poorer qualities" of fruit presented to him in the mar
kets he is apt to think that between promise and per
formance there is a Vide margin.
The Los Angeles Herald says:. "A thorough investiga
tion of this subject by the officers of the California Fruit
Agency has revealed a condition that demands a radical
change in supplying this market. Nearly the entire con
sumption of citrus fruit in the city has heretofore been
supplied by a ciass of peddlers who have made a prac
tice of driving to the various packing houses throughout
Southern California and purchasing for a mere nominal
sum fruit that woald otherwise be destroyed by the pack
ers. - * * * This is the fruit that lias largely been sup
plied to Los Angeles consumers, and it is also a sample
of our great product that we offer to the Eastern. tourist,
and' he 'certainly under such circumstances cannot be
blamed if he, returns home and , says^ that California
oranges are not fit to cat The plan of , the California
Fruit. Agency- contemplates the of this condition
to the extent of making it impossible for such worthless
supplies to reach our local market." .
Some controversy has arisen by reason of this move,
but it is so evidently desirable that good fruit be offered
in the local market if the reputation of the State is to bf
maintained that there is no, doubt the plan will succeed
in larjre, measure. Of course there is a trade that re
quires the lowest priced fruit that is wholesome at all, but
the best is indispensable to properly supply a great part
of the comrnanitj'. Visitors from the East should be of
fered no other grade, . - „
.GOOD FRUIT AT HOME.
AX ACTRESS — B. G.. Oakland. Cal.
For such information as you desire
about Mrs. Landers Stevens, actress,
address her a letter of inquiry and di
rect the same to the Dramatic Mirror,
New York City.
SNYDER'S CASE— Subscriber. City.
There is nothing in The Call showing
that the Supreme Court of Missouri did
anything: in the case of R. M. Snyder,
sentenced October 4, 1902, for the crime
of bribery.
Two young: Tacoma hunters mistook a woman for a
wildcat the other day and now she lies in a hospital
desperately shot. It might be well for the protectors of
game to urge such incidents as this, now of common oc
currence, as an inducement to the authorities of every
State to make the closed season as long as possible,
Idiocy, combined with good marksmanship, seems to be
a dominating trait in some sporting communities.
TIMBER FOR POSTS— Farmer.
Woodland. Cal. It is said that timber
intended for posts is rendered almost
proof against rot by thorough season
ing, charring and immersion In hot
coal tar.
HAWAIIAN ISLANDS — R., City.
For information a3 to marriages in
Honolulu, island of Oahu, address a
letter to the Recorder, H. E. Murray,
that city.
HOLDING SOUND WITH
PEDAL AFTER HANDS
HAVE LEFT KEYBOARD.
from oacVi no\V piece of music he un
dertakes.
Do not waste time on trashy music!
There Is as much "life and brightness"
In pood music as in poor muFic if one
understands how- to pick and choose.
There I?, nearly always, som»? member
of each family, or some friend of th?
family, who "likes only popular music"
and who is ready to Incite the pupil to
Ftudy that, and that only. This friend
(or rejattve, as the case may bo) is
pure to ?ar "Do play the things people
like to hratf 'Coon' songs and 'ras
tlmo % are what you want to work nt
If you wish to please your friends!"
"Coon" songrs and "rag time" have their
place. I do not deny that — but their
place is not In the practice hour. I
cannot rpoak too strongly about this,
for If the pupil be allowed to fritter
away his mind on those things during
the time that he should be devoting it
to tho best that lies within his exasp
Ui«? effect will be as detcrioratlRR to his
musical mind as the dtme novel habit
could possibly be to a Bcnoolboy.
Keep his mind clear and frre from
these things as much as possible, and
tf he muft have "coon songs" let it be
outside the practice hour, anrl after his
regular piano study is over for the day.
When the boy has become a good
pianist he will have no trouble In play-
Ing "coon" songs— they will need no
practice, and, his musical xnlnd once
formed, no amount of "rag time" that
he may Indulge In will unbalance It,
but turn the matter the other way
around, bring him un, so to on
"ra.g time" and the mischief will be
done forever— by the time he reaches
years of discretion he will be able lo
play neither "coon" songs nor pood
music Intelligently or acceptably.
It will rive me great pleasure to as
sist any one who Is in douM as to what
music to choose fcr his or her pupil,
and I shall be most ha.;py to answer
personally all letters from pupils or
parents who desire advice 'n this » *
any other point. My great wish is that
these lessons may prove of real, practi
cal worth to "those who study them,
and, wtth that end in view, please feel
at perfect liberty to write to me, and
I wtll do my best to make clear any
thing that may puzr*« you.
THE agricultural capacities of this country arc so
vast and so adapted to an immense variety oi
products that the most useful service lies in finding
the products, increasing their number, and thereby pro
viding a greater variety of crops, providing a larger ro
tation and increasing profits. Secretary Wilson has
made the Department of Agriculture a most important
means in rendering this kind of service. He has intro
duced macaroni wheat, the grain of which the Italian
pastas arc made, which was never before raised in this
country. The commercial value of macaroni^ imported is
very large, and the new wheat not only adds a new crop
but promises to domesticate a new manufacture.
This wheat should be of interest to the grain raisers
of California, since it has proved successful in the arid
parts ot Colorado and the Dakotas when raised by "dry
farming." When we have a dry season here, irrigation
takes care of everything but our small grain, which suf
fers most of all. Irriga'tion is not applied to grain, be
cause where water is available it is more profitable ap
plied to fruit and alfalfa. We believe that there is very
little irrigated wheat grown here. One reason" is the
large scale on which we grow wheat. In France, where
wheat is hand drilled and'is cultivated in rows as we
cultivate corn, irrigation is applied to the crop. But
here, where we grow wheat in fields of fifty thousand
acres, the rainfall is depended on to make a crop.
Of the Darum or macaroni wheats there are ten va
rieties. East ol the Rocky Mountains it is found that
they succeed only, when sown, as -spring wheat. But in
that they share the lot of our common wheats. Deep
freezing and uncertainty of snowfall make~\vinter wheat
in that region an uncertain cropi and the reliance of the
farmer and miller is upon spring sown grain. But these
macaroni wheats are specially adapted to regions of
heat and drought. They need a soil rich in potash and
alkali. The straw is long, the leaf broad and smooth,
and itk construction shows resistance to evaporation
which is its strength in resisting drought. Thj leaves
have a thick cuticle. The heads-are short apd very thick
and with the longest beard worn by any wheat.
In Colorado it yielded seventy bushels to the acre, in
a dry soil that produced only twenty-five bushels of or
dinary tffceat. The grain is not exclusively fitted for
macaroni, for the bread it makes is preferred to , any
other by those who have used it. At first millers re
fused to grist it, bnt now four mills in the flour centers
arc running on it almost exclusively, and as the crop in
creases others will of necessity have to receive it.
When it is known that Italy makes immense imports
of this gram from Russia and Hungary, its value as an
export crop appears. Our trade with Italy, is rapidly in
creasing, and the balance has lately turned against us,
which ratans that we arc buying more of that country
than we sell to her. tf we can export this wheat or its
flour, we may be able to balance that trade.
It is of sach interest to California wheat growers that
they should try this new crop. If it produce seventy-five
bushels per acre in Colorado against twenty-five, of ordi
nary wheat on the sameland, it will fioarish here ex-
A NEW WHEAT.
Ans~ii.'crs to Queries.
CORBETT AND HAXLOX — S.. City.
Hanlon and Corbett did not fight
in Woodward's Pavilion. They fought
July 26.-1903, twenty rounds In the Me
chanics' Pavilion. Result a draw.
The three worthy gentlemen who will represent the
Philippine Islands at the St. Louis Exposition say that
the display of the Filipinos will be more elaborate and
larger than any oytcr from a country abroad. Perhaps
it would not be inappropriate for them to put all they
have to show on the back of a white elephant. It is
absolutely sure that Uncle Sam would understand this
delicate compliment to his sense of responsibility.
7/i IKoollv Alaska.
' Captain Mayo, who is one of the
best known characters in Alaska, has
started a bunkhouse at Rampart in
that Territory. A friend ,of his re
ceived a letter from him announcing
the fact of his venture, written sober
ly and with dignity as befits the old
frontiersman. The letter-head, how
ever, was unique. It is -set in para
graphs, three in line, and is as fol
lows:
Cap. Mayo's Saloon and Chop House
"Best Bunk House Xorth of Mex
ico
"First class in every particular.
Every known fluid, water excepted,
for sale at the bar. Private entrance
for ladies by ladder in the rear. Fire
escapes through the chimney. Elec
tric lights threwout last Summer. Doc
Hodgin, Medical Examiner. Rates,
one* ounce per day.
"Indians and nigrgers charged extra.
Special *ates to ministers and the
gambling 'profesh.' "
Among the gems of the house rules
are the following:
"Guests will be provided with
breakfast and dinner, but must rustle
their own lunch.
"Spiked boots must be removed at
"Dogs not allowed in bunks.
"Candles and hot water charged ex
tra.
"Towels changed weekly."
As hints to the guests are the fol
lowing printed instructions:
"Craps, chuck-a-luck, horse poker
and blackjack run by the manage
ment.
"Dogs bought and sold.
"Insect powder for sale at the bar.
"Always notify the bartender the
extent of your poke."
#<>me note «or notes) the sound Of which
< an be prolonged In no other way. It
is intruded. U* FUstaln pound, not to In
crease jt.
In th« time* «f Hrtch. <»lurk. Hnnd.l
hti<1 hII th<" older cmi posers there were
no tni' h things as peduls: ronse<iuently
llieir IQUSic Is nil written without any
attempt to FUFtaln notes that are be
joml the ptrttch of un ordinary hand.
Hi th^Fe <lnyp every nnte ptobd for It
f»fIf— pinnop were unknown, ami thr
prilnri!!, clavichords and other Instru
ments vhi< h followed each other In due
COUIM wem no limited In BCOPO and in
mechanical COttBtTOCttoO that the mm
l>«\prn» wrro <<l»Ji£fM to concentrate thrir
muFlo, BO to F|»r»ak: that is. tt was-writ
ten principally for the center of the
kcyl>nard. and its bcfttlty lay In the
«.Vpf\ r1<h harmonies therein contained,
lOSfcMd of irlyinu on the pedal effects
end th^ ombclllphmrnt jsometim^s in-
Berted l.y more mmlrrn composom In
place of pood, polld, Foul-pati5r>inp
harmniy.
While we arc nn the subject of the
podal ihriT is another point that must
!»«> called tn the attention tM the pupil,
and that If that the foot must be
laiprd from the t^dal whenever there
Is a rhanfio of chord In the muplc. This
Is most Important, as othrrwise'a dis
cordant, blurring pound Is inevitable.
<>rtrntimc:« one takns up th* foot from
the podal «t the conclusion of one
chord «>nly to j-ut tt dnwn ngafn at the
next. This If quite light, but the pupil
must be careful not to make a break In
<h* muslo by *<> doing. Touch the |Wal
lightly with tho font; a slight pressure
I* nil that is needed to hkmjh even a
vrry lou«l f«ir.r>. Jf the pupil does this
an«1 remembers to chanpe the pedal
Mhat is. ralso the foot and then drop It
upon the poiial a;rain> each time the
Chord charter* there will tw» no troubio
whatever. Do twl put the pedal on at
Commend Catts Policy.
The following comments from our
contemporaries upon the policy of
State exploitation which The Call has
adopted show that its efforts have not
been In vain.
The Modesto Morning Herald has
this to say:
, "The San Francisco Call's regular
Monday 'development' page this-week
includes dairy, creamery and alfalfa
illustrations, a valuable article by
Manager Arthur R. Briggs of the
State Board of Trade on the dairy in
dustry, an article by Alexander Craw
on the destruction of fruit pests
through the medium of friendly in
sects, a five-inch article on the
'Growth of Stanislaus," recounting the
annual election of our Board of Trade
and quoting an extract from the re
port of the retiring president, and a
short column of miscellaneous notes.
This new feature of The Call is much
appreciated in the interior and can
not fail to redound to the material ad
vantage of the State."*
The following from the Lakeport
Bee:
"The Call is running some rattling
good articles on the resources an.il at
tractions of the State, besides report
ing all the new enterprises and im
provements. It3 work is good."
Of The Call's work the Sutler Creek
Record has this to say:
"The San Francisco Call has recent
ly been publishing some excellent ar
ticles on the resources and attractions
of the State. This is at the instiga
tion of the California Promotion Com
mittee and will surely result in great
good. All the new enterprises and
improvements everywhere are re
ported."
Szi'cct Charity.
A multimillionaire of San Francisco
announced his wish last August of be
coming a member of the Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty to Animals. He
was formally elected and paid the an
nual dues of $6. The day after he was
given a card of membership he visited
the offices of the society in the Parrott
building and asked if he might be al
lowed to examine the accounts. He
was informed that the secretary was
willing to permit any one to examine
the books. The new member hesitated
a few seconds and then asseverated
that he would call another day to see
that the finances were all right.
The next heard from him was early
in December. He called up Secretary
Holbrook by telephone and said: "I
joined vour society four months ago
end paid the annual dues amounting
to $6. I have made up my mind to go
to Europe and will bo gone indefinitely.
A3 I will not be able to enjoy the ben
efits of membership while I' am gone
and cannot help shape the policy of the
society, I would like %i for the unex
pired two-thirds of the year for which
I paid in advance." The secretary re
plied that the matter would have to be
brought to the attention of the society's
board of trustees in the fcrm of a writ-,
ten communication. The capitalist de
parted before the next meeting of the
board, but left a letter requesting the
return of the $4 and giving an address
in New York to which the money
shouU be sent. The trustees had a
hearty laugh over the matter and voted
to accept the rich man's resignation
to take effect at the end of the time for
which he had paid- The $4 will be used
in the charitable work of the society.
BY reason at the prominence given to Olney at the
Democratic banquet in New York on Monday
evening, the Massachusetts statesman holds for a
time the center of the stage as a Presidential candidate
of his party, and as his own State has formally decided
to urge his nomination, he may- be looked upon as an
active aspirant for the honor. The time for holding
State conventions to elect delegates to the national con
vention is now so near at hand it is hardly likely any
other Democratic candidate can manage to crowd Olney
into the background before the convention mce % ts. He
holds therefore a conspicuous place in the arena of na
tional politics, and is already within measurable dis
tance of the nomination.
Under such circumstances it is inevitable that close
attention will be given to his utterances from this time
on, and also to every indication of support for him or of
antagonism to him on the part of representatives of the
various factions in the party. Such indications have al
ready become noticeable. On the one hand Williams of
Mississippi, leader of the Democrats of the House of
Representatives, was conspicuous among those who
first formally presented Olney as a candidate for the
nomination, while on the other hand the big banquet in
New York has almost been completely ignored by
papers supporting the nomination of Hearst.
It is, of course, impossible to forecast "Nic action gf a
party led by leaders so erratic as those who for eight
years have been in control of the Democratic organiza
tion, but it is undeniable that at present it looks very
much as if the Massachusetts man would win out in the
convention. It seems that\ll New England is with him
and that New York prefers him to any other candidate
in sighl. The Bryanitc wing of. the party, under the
leadership of Tom Johnson, was so utterly crushed in
the late election in Ohio that it is hardly likely it can
hold the South away from an Eastern alliance. Thus
Olney is likely to get almost all the Southern, as well as
the Eastern vote. That will leave the opposition so
weakened that being without a leader of any prestige or
capacity in politics it will hardly be possible for them
to defeat Olncy even though it will require only one
third of the votes in convention to do so.
The speech delivered by the rising candidate of con
servative Democracy shows that he intends to make the
race on lines essentially similar to those taken by Cleve
land, and that if he be nominated the campaign will be
made on a platform demanding a revision of the tariff,
and denouncing: the present administration in the good
old Rourbon style. Tariff revision will be in short
about the only affirmative policy advocated, and perhaps
that will not be advocated very strongly. So conserva
tive a course in opposition would not be effective under
ordinary conditions, but the country has become so dis
gusted with the aggressive vagaries and radicalism of
Bryanitc Democracy that the course taken by the con
servatives may prove formidable. Olncy's -candidacy
therefore is one that Republicans, cannot afford to watch
with carelessness, for should he be selected to* lead a
reorganized Democracy, even so successful a President
a Roosevelt would not have a walkover despite his per
sonal popularity and the indisputable merit of his admin
istration.
OLNEY TO THE FRONT.
The I : se of the Pedal
nT AtttG& TKlUHNn.
Bonn Writer, rnrw-rly IMrprtor of lluslr in Oie
t3ol^e" <* St. JOttn Hip Hsi'tM. Now York.
<<•¦>»•>> Iphi. 1!»1'4. ly Jnsrph 15. IloTTtco.)
It is now tiino for our pupil to become
familiar with the uses of the pedal.
To a 1»eginncr ihe/tefnpijLuOn to use
the loud podal on each and every ncca T
Blon Is Mr«>ng; for be fniidjy Imagines
that by i*<» d<>lne be rovers up mistakes
In playing, nnd that no one will be the
¦wlurr, but there is where he Is entirely
vtpiie. The ped*] Is not intended to
invcr u:> intMsik' r. n«T Is It Intended to
Increase tn? volume of pound nt all. Its
pole mlsklon in life is to hold down
+ ¦ *
Chinese demand. An agreement was
finally reached to detain the i;e\vspaper
men for trial by a mixed tribunal.
The trial has not yet taken place.
On nothing more than an accusation
the men have been kept in prison, all
bail having been refused. And now
the Government announces that a spe
cial deputy will be appointed to hear
the case, and that this deputy will be
instructed not to be lenient should the
defendants be found guilty. Evidently
the penalty has already been decided
upon and the trial will be a ir.ere form.
All of which goes to show that the
life of the Chinese editor is not one
grand sweet song, and that he who in
curs the wrath of the Chinese law is
the most unenviable of culprits.
The restaurant keeper of Chicago whose splendid
service qf mercy and humanity to the victims of the fire
shines like an enduring gloom of good in an abyss of
evil is suffering from loss of patronage because of the
repugnance of his customers to a place that has been a
charnel-house. It seems almost incredible that Ameri
cans should so conduct themselves. This restaurant
keeper, so pre-eminently a herb and a lover ofhis kind,
should ever be held as one for whom no reward" can be
adequate. » ,
HOW one calamity may produce another was near
being shown in a New York theater on Saturday
night. The whjole country had that day read of
the effect of executing the remarkable order of Mayor
Harrison that ail the bells in Chicago be tolled for an
hour, The dramatic gloom of this harrowing proceed
ing had been increased by a saddening snowstorm while
it was going on. Without discussing the propriety of
such an order on an occasion when the whole commu
nity was at the highest tension and several thousand
people were mourning their dead and no one needed
any reminder of the appalling horror, it is obvious that
people in every city in the country were impressed to a
highly nervous state.
Some one, in an immense theater audience in New
York, perhaps in sheer hysteria induced by thinking of
the Chicago tragedy, the thought being more persistent
and vivid by the thinker being in a theater, cried fire.
The audience rose aJid rushed to the exits in a panic.
Ample police force was present and the officers beat the
first ones back and kept them on their feet and finally
succeeded in checking the mad stampede. Then it
turned out that there was no fire except in the hysteri
cal imagination of the person who raised the cry.
People feel very cautious about getting into crowds
now, and the public authorities of every city should im
prove the opportunity to restore confidence in the only
way possible, which is by compelling every theater and
other building in which crowds meet to "be made safe
by making it fire proof. It is doubtful whether it will
ever be safe to stop short of actual fire-proofing all such
buildings, by compelling the use of metal, masonry and
terra cotta and fire-proofed scenery.
The makeshift of an asbestos drop is proved insuffir
cicnt. The asbestos curtain in the Chicago theater did
not drop, but if it had the calamity would not have been
averted, for the curtain itself was found shredded by the
fire. By the entire exclusion of wood and inflammable
fabrics only can a theater bo made absolutely safe.
Metal and masonry and terra cotta covered with paint
can do no harm, while pine may be fired by the paint
upon it.
Hut panics may occur fram other causes than fire.
We had some bomb throwing in a San Francisco thea
ter. Insanity or criminal purpose may at any moment
alarm a dense crowd and start a rush to escape. It is
surely within the capacity of architects and builders to
plan exits that cannot be choked under such circum
stances. In the Chicago theater I he door by which the
actors left the building opened inwardly, and they were,
all jammed against it, and would have been roasted like
rats in a^straw stack, if the cool-headed man outside
who heard the sounds of tragedy had not known how
to unhang the door and let them out. Exits should be
planned so that doors open outwardly and their fasten
ing should be such that it releases them with but slight
pressure from within.
Horrible as the Chicago lire is it may save thousands
of lives in the future, if it do not pass out of public
memory before the authorities of every city sec to it
that audience rooms arc' not death traps for those who
resort to them. • < ,- - •
He Refused Adoption.
She Is a woman about 50 years of
age, tall and slender, with an at
tenuated face, scored with furrows.
She had been hovering about the
corridors of the City Hall for the
past year, without even once speak
ing to any person, as far as is known.
One day last week, however, she spied
a. Janitor named Geegan who was in
dustriously sweeping the concrete
flags. Now Geegan Is by no means a
handsome man; nature was stingy
with him In regard to the distribution
of beauty. But to the silent woman
this dr- vback had no effect.
She approached him and made him
an offer of her, bank book on the HI
bernla Bank which contained $3000.
with the additional offer of adopting
him. She was Infatuated with him be
cause he resembled a lover she had
when she was young, but who had been
killed in a railroad accident in Nevada
twenty years ago. She even saw in
Geegan the real flesh blood rein
carnation of that dead lover. The wo
man's offer was declined an p police
officer notified. She «•"»' conveyed to
the Detention Hospital and there
placed in a cell pending commitment to
the State Asylum for the Insane.
SAFETY FOR AUDIENCES.
ccmrse, thought out the bent, way to
produce some certain effect that he
had In mind at the time he originated
the composition, and the closer the pu
pil gets to the Idea of the composer the
more muslclanly does his rendition of
a piece become.
The S'rft pedal Is a more simple mat
ter, the principal trquble with regard
t«j It being that people are apV to use
It too much. This is unconscious lazi
ness, for It Is far easier, at first, to put
the foot down firmly on the soft pedal
when trying to play a passage softly
and throw off all responsibility, leav
ing the foot comfortably planted on the
long suffering pedal, until a point In
the music Is reached where an Increase
In volume of sound is desired. This In
all wrong, for such a proceeding can
bring forth but one result, and that Is
piano playing as mechanical as the
music produced by a street piano. All
the light and shade should come from
the musician's twtich. from the soul
back of the flnEcrs, never from the
contrasting effect of the "loud and soft
pedal." This Is almost the only point
which mechanical science has been un
able to grapple with— as yet no one
has been'nhle to make an automatic
piano that can reproduce real emotion.
The mechanical contrivances seem per
fect In all but erne tning— If a single
note Is played softly all the others must
b r _n nr torse cannot be made to stand
out, with the others as a background-
In fact," there has never been Invented
a piano attachment that can make the
music "Fing." Only the fingers can
do that, nnd unless they do It Inde
pendently of both pedals they gain no
advantage over the mechanical adjust
ments now so frequently In use.
Do- not imagine for a moment that
I do not believe In using the pedals. I
do most decidedly, but as an adjunct
where an added effect Is desired and
never to tide over n rough passage.
Now we will turn our attention for u
few moments to the choice of music
for the student.
It is as ne«t?spary that a taste 'for
Rood music be acquired by cur pupil
as it Is that the student of literature
shall profit by good reading matter.
If the boy Is to develop a pood mind
(musically shaking) his brain must be
fed with the proper music from the
v«tv start. »
It N not well t<» Rive a ohikl music
that it« beyond his comprehension men
tally, oven If liis f*< by ch&nce able to
I>lay the notes thereof, but In choosing
for him always choost* somoUiing that
will broaden him a little mote than the
\Aoro that hr studied Just .before It. In
this way his horizon will widen from
day to day and he will learn t<» expect
mental exhilaration ami refie.«»hmcnt
cccdingly and be a boon to our grain growers. In its
export we will have an advantage over inland regions,
and the glories of California wheat raising may be re
stored by its use.
The Secretary of Agriculture is quite enthusiastic over
the results so far obtained and is confident that it is
bound to be one of the great future crops of the coun-.
try. The State Board of Trade should inquire into the
matter and give the farmers full information to en
courage them to make this addition to their crops.
THE SAN FRANGISCQ CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor ... Address All Communications to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication O"1cc • **$&£$£?> .....Third and Market Streets, S. F.
WEDNESDAY , JANUARY 6, 1004
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, /WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 0,1904.
8
INSTRUCTIVE STUDIES
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMEN
phopeu way to hold
FOOT ON PEDAL.
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMESStanford Student to Be a "3Ilddle.*'
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Jan. 5.
G. W. KneisJey. '07, of Guthrie. O. T. t
has received the appointment to the
Annapolis Naval Academy from Okla
homa. The appointment was made
by the Territorial Congressional rep
resentative from Oklahoma. Knelsley
before going East will do special work
at the University of California in
preparation for tne entrance examin
ations at Annapolis. While at Stan
ford during the last "semester he was
a special student in civil engineering.
NEWPORT, R. I., Jan. 5. — Advices
received in naval circles here indicate
that the fleet of torpedo-boat destroy
ers which \*ere recently tested in
rough weather on a run from Norfolk
to Key West have proved unsatisfac
tory. The destroyers were the De
catur. Chauncey, Bainbridge and Dale,
commanded by Lieutenant Lloyd H.
Chandler and convoyed by the cruiser
Buffalo. The Board of Inspection and
Survey, of which Captain C. J. Train
Is president, accompanied the flotilla.
The boats behaved very badly and
pitched and rolled In the heavy seas.
It Is further stated that they took the
ealt water and that the boilers foamed
instead of making steam. In order to
lit, Men the boats part of the crews
Were sent on board of the Buffalo.
Recent Tests of the Deeatur, Chaun
coy, Uainbridgc and Dale Prove
Very Unsatisfactory.
TOnPKDO-BOAT DESTROYERS
Alti: NOT UP TO STANDARD
The news of Mme. Paget's death was
received with profound regret by many
Mme. Paget's death came as if in an
swer to the oft-expressed wish that she
might not long survive her husband.
She passed away late at night in the
rose-eovered cottage she had known so
long on Dwight way. Hers was a
peaceful death, befitting the life of
good doing and philanthropy that she
had led. She had not been permitted
to attend the funeral of the beloved
husband after his death two weeks ago,
being herself too ill and wearied from
the long period of nursing that she had
passed through for his sake. She kept
her bed and saw her life's partner
borne away to everlasting rest and
mourned -him. Then she prayed that
she might die, too. The bereavement
aggravated the malady that had come
upon her and every day saw the light
of her life growing a little dimmer.
She retained the vigor of her mind to
the last, however, and passed away In
the presence of friends, to whom she
confided that she was going to rejoin
her husband.
of deserving students in the French
department.
To Rev. Joseph Worcester of San
Francisco. is given an oil painting of
Professor Paget, $500 In cash and her
diamond ring; to Lucille Ware Leete,
$300 in cash, and to Rev. Mr. Worcester
mementoes for distribution among
friends. The residue of tho estate is
sriven to Louis de F. Bartlett In trust,
with directions to pay the income to
the three sisters of Professor Paget In
France. One-third of the principal is
to be applied to the scholarehip fund
and the remainder to the payment of
the debt of the family in France.
DEATH IS PEACEFUL.
MADAME E. M. PAGET WHO
PASSED AWAY IN BERKg-
LEY OX MONDAY.
Mme. Paget was .very much interest
ed in,,the students of the university and
assisted many of them over the rough
path to graduation and success. She
was instrumental in getting for them
assistance to go abroad and for other
things. A few years ago she attempted
to secure a fund for a students' hos
pital and collected some $1800, but the
project did not carry, j
She was a native of Paris, 69 years
old. She was educated at the Saust
Circe, the famous girls' school of Paris,
and was graduated from it shortly be
fore she became of age. ¦
was Mme. Paget that first suggest
ed the Town and Gown Club, that in
stitution that now. after eight years,
exerts such an influence in the civic
affairs of Berkeley. She was the first
president of the club and at her death
was its treasurer. She was assisted in
this undertaking by such women as
Mrs. A. J. Ralston, Mrs. Warren Wil
kinson, Mrs. Frank Wilson Mrs.
George W. Haight, Mrs. Freeman, Mrs.
P. R. Boonc and others.
FOUNDED A CLUB.
members of the University of Califor
nia and people of the town, all "of whom
had a share in her friendship. With
her husband she had been for years ac
tive In Town and Gown Club affairs.
She was first in almost everything that
made for Material progress within and
without the Intellectual center of the
State: she had a keen mind, originality
and withal a generous spirit that en
deared her to hundreds.
When she came to Berkeley with her
husband Mme. Paget at once became
identified with the ; social life of the
town, being the leader in many func
tions.
DES MOINES, Iowa, Jan. 5. — C. L.
Linley, supervising: architect, fell six
ty feet to his death to-day at the State
Capitol. While Linley was making an
inspection of the locality where 'yes
terday's fire .originated the floor gave
way, precipitating him to the floor
of the chamber of Representatives.
His skull was crushed.
FalLs Sixty Feet to His Death.
But the explanation for this meager
estate comes now in the last writing
of Mme. Paget. All these years of
struggle Jhey said nothing of their
work to their friends and only through
death is the secret of their lives re
vealed.
Mme. Paget had a large sympathy
for the university and even on her
deathbed, 'as revealed by the will, her
thoughts were for it and the students.
It was dictated and signed by her on
December iT, four days after her hus
band's death, when she knavv that she
had not long to live. In the final sen
tence of the document she gives an In
dication of her strength of character
and at the same time a weakness— a
fear that she might have been con
sidered mentally weak by requesting
Dr. George H. Reinhardt to testify that
she was competent at the time she
signed it.
Under the terms of the will she be
queaths to the university her husband's
library arid one-third of her estate,
which, excluding their late heme, is
probably worth $12,000, for the found-
Ing of what will be known as the F.V.
Paget scholarship fund for the benefit
EXPLANATION* IN WILIi.
Professor Paget was called to the
chair of Romanic languages at the Uni
versity of California in 1S87 and the
little family of two came to Berkeley,
which has since been their home. He
taught for sixteen years and only re
tired a year ago when his health failed
him.
When Professor Paget died two weeks
ago his will was filed, but according to
its terms but a modest sum was left
to distribute. People said that he had
given his estate to his wife before his
death, as it was not probable he had
left so little. He had earned for a
long time at the university a salary of
$3000 a year and must have saved
something.
"The remainder of my estate I wish
to be applied to the payment of the
debts of the family in France, due. to
the Franco-Prussian war, which Pro
fessor Paget voluntarily assumed," is
the simple language, of the will. It
tells the whole story of privation and
self-forgetfulness and relinquishment
of all worldly affairs with a modest es
tate after years of work. It tells th^
story of how Felicien Paget, coming
home a soldier after the war only to
find the estate in ruins. French and
Prussian armies had tramped over the
land again and again during that brief
struggle in 1S70 and ruined it almost
beyond repair.
It needed n>oney then to restore the
estate and this young Paget was re
quired to borrow. He had three sisters
to support and they have lived all these
years on the estate while he struggled
to pay off the debts? of war.
The soldier married Mile. Emanuel
Marie Jacquet in Paris after the great
struggle was over. She was the daugh
ter of an old Norman family of an
cient ancestry and reared in luxury,
but s'he gladly took up' the burdens of
her husband and helped carry them un
til the very last breath.
The Pagcts came to America four
years after their marriage, which took
place in 1871, called by the hopes of
fortune in the new land. Th^y settled
in San Francisco after an interval yf
travel and began teaching French and
Spanish languages. Mrae. Paget was
an accomplished musician and in the
endeavor of her husband to pay off the
debt hovering over him taught music
also. They were successful from the
first and taught Californians in those
early days who have since become fa
mous.
BERKELEY, Jan. 5. — Madame
Emanuel Marie Paget died to-day at
her home, 2727 Dwight way, just thir
teen days after the death of her hus
band, the late Professor Felicien Victor
Paget, and a few hours afterward there
was filed for probate a will that re
vealed at once the story of two lives
that had been devoted to almost a
single object— devoted to the payment
of a self-imposed debt that even thlrty
'years of toil had not erased. It was a
debt that Professor Paget undertook to
bear alone, but in the liquidation of
which his devoted wife also partici
pated with the strength of will and for
titude that was part of her .character.
Even all their savins and self-denial
for a third of a century did not blot
out the obligation, and with a heroism
almost divine Madams Paget sat up in
her deathbed and signed the paper that
will make obligatory the dispensation
of a portion of her estate for the satis
faction of her .husband's debtors'
claims.
An act of heroism is. but temporary,
while an act of charity is everlasting.
HOPLAXD, Jan.. 6\ — The Poma
Indians, who occupy a rancheria here
on land owned by President Poster of
the California and Northwestern
Railway, must seek a new home. For
many years the Indians have lived
here and worked on the Foster and
neighboring ranches. They have
been the recipients of many favors at
the hands of Mr.- Foster, but their
stock has been allowed to overrun his
ranges and break down" his . fences.
Yesterday he visited Chief Tack and
gave him notice that the tribe must
vacate by spring. . %
California Northwestern President
Will Oust Redskins Near ,
Ilopland.
PO3IA IXDIA^V TRIBE
TO LEAVE FOSTER RANCH
WALLA WALLA, Wash., Dec. 5.—
From hotel clerk to a millionaire's wife
may seem a long jump, but' the leap Is
about to be taken by Miss "Wanda
Bracht of Walla Walla. For the past
few months Miss Bracht has been em
ployed as clerk in the Louvre Hotel.
She left last .night for Philadelphia,
where she is to meet Dr. C. T. Knowl
ton, her future husband.
Miss Bracht first met Dr. Knowlton
in Portland about five x years ago and
he has been .corresponding with her
ever sincel Miss Bracht is an expert
photographer and * was employed in
some of the Portland galleries while in
that city. She was also an employe of
the Vancouver (Wash.) Independent.
Dr. Knowlton is a physician in Phil
adelphia. wedding tour will take
them to San Francisco, after which
they will return to Philadelphia to live.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Dr. Lawrence, whose log was ampu
tated at the thigh last week, is now in
a fair way toward recovery. The acci
dent which cost Dr. Lawrence his limb
was a peculiar one. He was playing
polo in Manila &nd during the game
was struck a hard blow on the leg
above the knee. Every attention was
priven the wounded member, but sup
puration set in and he was brought
home to the Presidio on the Sherman
and as soon as th,e surgeons at the post
looked into the case they decided that
only one chance for his life existed and
that was to take off his leg. Up to the
time of the accident the doctor was in
the best of health and blest with all
the vigor that pertains to a well man at
the age of 30.
Lieutenant Colonel Joseph Garrard.
who was recently promoted to the
Fourteenth Cavalry, is now on leave
of absence until February 1, when he
will sail on the transport feherm -• 'o
join his company in Manila.
The Twenty-eighth Infantry, which
Is on the transport Sheridan bound for
borne, arrived early yesterday morning
at Honolulu. There the regiment will
have an opportunity to go on 6hore and
enjoy recreation for a few days. The
Sheridan is scheduled to arrive here
about the 14th inst., when the regl
inent will go into the cantonment re
cently occupied by the popular Seventh
Regiment.
The razor wielder that attacked Mrs.
John M. Carney last Sunday night and
cut her on the right cheek has not been
apprehended. Captain Christian of
Troop L, is doing his utmost to locate
the trooper of his company who is re
ported to have committed the deed. N'o
members of the troop are missing, but
the identity of the assailant remains
unrevealcd.
The Third Squadron of the Ninth
Tavalry stationed at the Presidio will
So through inspection and full review
:his morning under their new com
manding officer, Major John Bigelow
Jr. The exercises will take place on
:he big parade ground in front of the
general hospital and will be of a par-
Llcularly interesting nature. It is the
first time that this squadron has had
an opportunity to participate in the
general maneuvers, and the sight will
be a fine one. This squadron is com
posed of Troop I, Captain Charles
Young; Troop K, Captain John T.
Nance; Troop L, Captain John B.
Christian, and Troop *I. Captain Les
ter W. Cornish.
The inspection will begin at 8:30
a. m and will be concluded at 10:30.
Sheriff Walker and his deputies to
day made another investigation of the
Menares premises, where the young
girl died. They found a cup and spoon,
which had evidently been used in pre
paring a deadly mixture. These arti
cles, together with several pieces of
glass, which were put together, making
a bottle, were found near a creek.
Miss Anderson was the daughter of
a highly respected woman and the
community is much excited, over »the
affair.
NEVADA CITY, Jan. 5.— William
Deadman and Miss Juanita Menares,
who were held responsible by a Coro
ner's jury for the death of , 14-year-old
Virginia Anderson yesterday, were
charged with murder this afternoon by
Sheriff Walker. Both were brought
into Justice Coughlan's court and ar
raigned. The bond of Deadmari, was
fixed at $5000 and that of Miss Menares
at 53000. They failed to secure the
sums and both are in the County Jail.
The preliminary examination was set
for Thursday morning. ,.
District Attorney Jones gtates that a
vigorous prosecution will follow. It Is
alleged that they gave the girl volatile
oil.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Meeting- Five Years Ago in
Portland the Beginning of
a Very Pretty Love Affair
Identity of Soldier That Made
Assault on Mrs. J. 31. Car
ney Still Remains a Mvsterv
Accused Man and Woman
Fail to Secure Bonds and
Remain in County Jail
NO CLEW TO SLASHER
COURTSHIP BY LETTERS
OFFICIAL FINDS EVIDENCE
Troops to Be Reviewed by
Major John Bigelow Jr., the
New Commander of Squadron
Two Nevada City Residents
Charged With - Responsibility
for a Young Girl's-' Death
Hotel Clerk in Walla Walla
Will Become Wife of a
Wealthy Philadelphia Man
SHERIFF SAYS
IT WAS MURDER
GIRL CAPTURES
A MILLIONAIRE
NINTH CAVALRY
WILL MANEUVER
THE SAN .FRANCISCO. CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY G, 1904.
Passing of Professor and Madame e Paget Brings to Light
Romantic Tale of Heroic Self-Denial That Debts That
Fell With Blast of Franco-Prussian War Might Be Paid
DEATH REVEALS FORTITUDE
OF WAR-BLIGHTED COUPLE
9
POSTUM CEREAL.
KNOWS NOW.
Doctor Was Fooled by His Own Case
for a Time.
It's easy to understand how ordi-
nary people get fooled by coffee, when
doctor* themselves sometimes forget
the facts.
A physician speaks of his own ex-
perience:
"I had used coffee for years and
really did not exactly believe it was
injuring me, although I had palpita-
tion of the heart every day.
"Finally one day a severe and al-
most fatal attack of heart trouble
frightened me and I pave up both tea
md coffee, using Postum instead, and
jince that time I have had absolutely
3o heart palpitation except on one or
two occasions when I tried a small
juantity of coffee, which caused se-
rere irritation and proved to me I
must let it alone.'
"When we began using Postum it
seemed weak — that was because we
2id not make it according: to direc-
tions—but now we pu,t a little bit of
outter in the pot when boiling and al-
low the Postum to boil full fifteen
minutes, which gives it the proper
rich flavor and the deep brown color.
"I have advised a gTeat many of my
'riends and patients to leave off coffee
md drink Postum, in fact I daily give
this advice." Name given by Postum
Co.. Battle Creek, Mich.
Many thousands of physicians use
Postum in place of tea and coffee in
their own homes an/1 prescribe it to
patients. "There's a reason."
A remarkable little book, "The
Road to Wellville." can be found in
•ach package
ADVERTISEMENTS. -y,
RICH MEN ARE
NOT ALL HAPPY
Croesus, King: or Lydia, Had Troubles
of His Own, and There Are Others.
Croesus, the John D. Rockefeller of
the kingdom of Lydia, was very well-'
to-do in worldly goods and chattels.
"Ab rich as Croesus" is a saying about
2500 years old. He had his troubles,
however, and some of them were full
i grown. He was taken captive once by
! Cyrus and only saved himself from be-
ing burned alive by quoting a saying
of Solon the Sage. He finally had to
flee his kingdom for parts unknown.
Many of the rich man's troubles to-
day come from high living and could
be avoided. They are brought on by
! eating all kinds of rich, heavy foods at
j irregular times, lack of proper exer-
j else, undue mental strain, unnatural
j stimulants, etc., and are commonly
j known as indigestion, dyspepsia and
j weak stomach. They are serious
I troubles all right, but not only can
j they be avoided but can also be cured,
land;' that without loss of time or
proper food and nourishment.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are the
certain relief of dyspeptics, rich and
poor alike. There is. no sucht thing as
j stopping their onward progress now.
! A great nation has placed it3 stamp
of approval upon their noble work.
The thousands and thousands of cures
they have effected and the happiness
resulting therefrom have made their
name a household word throughout
the land.
The story of Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets enn be told in a word. They
| actually do the work that the weak
¦ and wasted stomach is unable to dp
and allow it to recuperat#arid regain
j its strength. They contain all the es-
sential properties that the gastric
juice and other digestive fluids do,
and they digest the food just as a
sound and well stomach would. They
relieve the stomach just as one rested
and refreshed workman relieves the
one on duty that is tired and worn,
and Nature does her own work of
restoration. It is a simple,- natural
process that a child can understand.
1 You can eat all you want without fear
of results. Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets
are for sale by all druggists at 50
cents a box. Druggists all know bet-
ter than to try to get along without
them, as the demand for them is great
and universal.
I aiaWV see the beautiful
j COURT Lounging
/Hill r°«>m. the EMPIRE
auu . PARLOR, tho
r ' J PALM ROOM, the
linUlU LOUIS XV PAR-
uiauu LOR l^
'U i «'- DIES* WRITING
Hotels 1 5 qom - 1
¦ ~ • ~ .- - ¦¦¦ - - -• ~. /
fw favorite:
FORWEAKWOMEM. I
DDTTCII17C FOR BARBERS. BA-
DnUOlillO k"'. bootblacks, bath-
*r* B _** . •"•"•"•* bouses, billiard tables.
brewers, bookbinders, candy makers, canners,
dytrs. flour rntlla. foundries, .laondrie*. paper-
hangers, _Dr!nt#r». oalnters. »ho« factories.
stablemen." tar-roofem. tanner*, tailors etc.
BirCHASTAK BBO8.,
BnXBh Mannf acturera, 609 Sacramento St.
1A/. TV HESS.';:;!
Kotery Public and Attorn ey-at-X.*w.
i Tenth Floor.' Room 1015, Claus Spreckels bid*.
¦ - * Telephone Main 983.
! Residence. 821 California »t.. belotv Powell.
; Residence Telephone James 1501.
ilRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Prica Lists "Mailai
on Application. .
FBSSH AND SAJCT MEATS.
UC RAYF^ * PA Shipping Butchers. 104
JA3. OUIEJ tt UJ. Clar.'Tet. Main 1294.
¦ :*• '¦¦' ¦ ?c:'\: ' OHS. ¦
LUBRICATING , OILS: LEONARD & ELLIS.
•118 Front st. ( S F. Phone Main 1719.
FEINTING. . . ,
E. C. HUGHES* M rsaS^ 8. *.
AMUSEMENTS.
EVENINGS AT 8:15.
BURTON
HOLMES
H16IIFICEIUT ILLUSTRATED LECTURES.
COXJESE A.
TOSEMITK Tues.. Jan. 12
YELLOWSTONE Ttaurs.. Jan. 14
GRAND CANYON Sat.. Jan. 1«
ALASKA I. The Fjords Tum.. Jan. 1!»
ALASKA II, The Klondike Thurs.. Jan. 21
COXJESE B.
ST. PETERSBURG Wed.. Jan. 13
MOSCOW,; , Frl.. Jan. 15
SIBERIA ilon.. Jan. 1H
PEKING W>d.. Jan. 20
SEOUL, Capital of Korea Frl.. Jan. iS
Sale of Course Tickets, S4, S3 and S3.
NOW O2T
AT SSSSSSAXT, CI.AY * CO.'S. '
Single Seat Fa!e Begins TO-MORROW
MORNING— |I. 73c and £Cc.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
ALL THIS WEEK
EXCEPT TO-MORROW NIGHT.
The Great Laughing lilt.
JOE KELLV r
THE PIPE DREAMER.
In the Bis Musical Cut- up.
The Head Waiters
NEXT StTNDAY X^TINEE.
IN CONVICT STRIPES.
A Thrilllnjc Story of Life In South Carolina.
USUAL POPULAR PRICES.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE -SPECIAL
THURSDAY EVENING. January 7. 19&4. at
8.15. and MONDAY AFTERNOON.
January 11, at 2:13.
Positively Farewell Tour.
adelina Jur -r^. J- J L
(THE BARONESS CEDERSTROM.)
Direction ItOBERT CRAU, Incorporated.
Management MARCUS R. MAYER.
SIGNOR ROMUALDO SAPIO. Conductor.
Prices $2. $2 60, $3. $4. $5 and *3
S«ats Now On Sale at the Bex Office.
OUT OF TOWN MAIL ORDERS, accom-
panied by money order and addressed to H. 11
CAMPBELL. Treasurer Grand Opera-house
win b« illed In the order of their receipt and
seats assigned as near the- desired location as
possible. « -
STEINWAY PIANO USED.
AT f A7 A Ti fiasco A Mayer,
ALCAZAR 2TVS&.
•_ •.- General Manager.
TO-NIOHT — THIS WEEK ONLY.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
The Picturesque Romantic Play of a Century
Azo t
A I *» A lYV "Docs ample credit
L«rVL/ I to tbe acton and the
/\p , • itajfB management." —
(JJ- Call.
Ol I A I ITY "^t •*«•«•« pw>-
VC 1^^* 1 -* 1 " * auction."— Chronicle.
Eves.. 23c to 73c; Mat Sat. A fan., 15c to 50c.
NEXT MON.— Clyde Fitch's Strongest Play.
THE MOTS III First
AND 1 J J Alcazar
THE PL A ME. - III Production.
Market Street. Near ElsMh. . .Thone South 323
TO-NIOIIT— ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
MacnUlcent Revival of the KlatT ot Sensational
Dramas,
MONTE CRISTO
The Unrivaled Masterpiece of Alexander Dumas
World Famous Ptey Staged on Stupendous
Scale, with Splendid Scenery and
Brilliant Cast. . >
HERSCIIEL MAYALL AS EDMOND DANTES •
EUGENIA THAIS LAWTON AS MERCEDES
DOirCC Evenings 10c to 5Cc
riUWLJ Matinees 10c, »15c, 23c
Monday. January 11— THE MOONSHINER^
THE BRITTONS
And ft Great Show Every Afternoon and
ETeninsr tn the Heated Theater.
INTERESTING BABIES IN THE INFANT
INCUBATORS. .
See Anita and Her Baby Monkey.
Visit the Mystic Mirror Maze.
Take a Trip Down the Flame.
AMAT2UH WIGHT TEDS8DAY.
Admission. 10c; Children. 3c. •..
THE WEEKLY CALL
V : . Si per Year.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
JUST THINK OF IT!
A Record of Uninterrupted Prosperity for 123 Years Held by
WALTER BAKER & CO.,Ltd.
The Oldest and Largest Manufacturers of Cocoa and Chocolate in the World.
41 HIGHEST AWARDS IN EUROPE AND AMERICA.
r^^L What is the secret of their great success? It is
j a very simple one. They have won and held the
ii|>^ confidence of the great and constantly increas-
«K§g|£jjy<Ga_o. ing body of consumers by always main-
taining the highest standard in the quality
Jg@L§?s-* ot * their cocoa and chocolate preparations,
/^p5gsT|R and selling them at the ldwest price for
W 'jjM Vv\ which unadulterated articles of good qual-
Mj q\\1m i tv can b e P ut upon the market.
flwi VI !« They receive numerous letters from
fit! 1 \ iH housekeepers who have used their cocoa
Spl I . 'lu and chocolate for many years, stating that
oil i i 1 '/v\ l ate b'. v/hen ordering the Baker goods,
HHtl / n \ Wn ot^ cr goods of greatly inferior quality
have been sent to them. They find it
"Tujdjjgu^nj^ necessary, therefore, for the protection of
Lto* f»? tki. tn<t-a«rk those who want their cocoa and chocolate,
•n wry pititgi. to issue an . emphatic warning against
, these fraudulent practices, and to ask
buyers to examine every package they receive and see that
it bears .the well-known trade-mark of "La Belle Chocola-
tiere," and the correct name of Walter Baker & Co., Ltd.
Under the decisions of the United States courts, no other
cocoavor chocolate is entitled to be labeled or sold as "Baker's
Cocoa" or "Baker's Chocolate."
WALTER BAKER ®> CO., Ltd.
ESTABLISHED 1783. DORCHESTER, MASS.
-__ ADVERTISEMENTS. :
if. This painful trouble can be relieved and cured by using an i
B A //cock's Porous 'Plaster. Warm the plaster before apply- 1
m ing — if not relieved by^ bedtime, place a hot water bag ¦
H against the plaster. on the shoulder. » I
i| REMEMBER— These plasters are good for all pains and acbes. They 1
«| hare been in use 55 years, have been imitated more than any article ever B
¦3 sold, and have made more cures than any other external remedy. Guaran- ¦
t| teed not to contain belladonna, opium or any poison whatever. B
|i . - <*•* the b«st— AHcock's— The Plaster tha.. Cures. 1
Last 4 Nights — Matinee Saturday.
CHARLES FF.OHMAN presents
Clyde Fitch's Comedy of Wit and Sentiment,
The Girl With
The Green Eyes
NEXT SUNDAY NIGHT— One Time Only
AX.BEBTA GALLATIN in IBSEN'S
"GHOSTS."
SEATS BSAS7.
NEXT MOND AY! SSySR 3 "
/yir.«=;.
Supported by the Imperial Theater Co. of
tondon, in
MBS. DEERiNG'S DIVORCE.
MATINEE TO-DAT. WEDNESDAY. Jan. 9.
Parquet, any seat. 25c; Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren, any part except reserved, 10c
AB16,HSH0W,
| Hallcn mid Fuller; Dumltrescu, Van
An ken " and Vnnnerson: The Sa-
Vnns; Charlotte"- Gnyer George;
Dea yes*"* Merry Manikins; Joan lla-
dcu's Cycle or Jjove; The To bins:
Erucst Hogan and Mottle Wllkes
.. ami Orphcum Motion Pictures.
V™** HAPPr)
i\ THEFABCE HOOLIGAN !
¦ . b •¦ *
"< N>xt Sunday— Miller & Saylor'a k
company of comedians, headed by S
the favorite. JACK CAMPBELU
1 in Hoyt's famous Fri*co satire k
A TP.tP TO CHINATOWN. g
TIVGUSS5&
"OE! BE CABEFUIi!"
For this is the LAST WEEK of the Holiday
Spectacle.
ilXION
Or "THE WHEEIMAH."
A Mythological Musical Extravaganza In
Three Acts.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
• BEGINNING MONDAY. JAN. II.
When Johnny Comes Marching Home
USUAL. POPULAR PRICES — 25c, 00c and 73c
Proscenium and Mezzanine Box'Seata |1 00
/*RE i\ AWARE
YOU . 0 THAT
Next Monday night the first performance ol
"THE BEAUTY SHOP"
Will be eiven, with HELEN RUSSELL, new
Jfeadlnjf lady;* JOHN PEACHY, new leading
roan, and everything in a regal manner.
An original, local, musical comedy.
Astl It will Include our "All Star" cast —
Kolb & Dill. Ben T. Dillon and Allen Curtis.
Georgia O'lUmej and AUhea Twins. A beau-
tiful chorus of thirty.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday. Same popn-
l».r prices Seats now on sale tor two weeks
ahead. .
Racing ipiii^ Racing!
OAKLAND RACE TRACK
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
Commencing January 4. S
Racing, Each Week Day, Rain or Shine.
Six or More Races Daily.
Races commence at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
For special trains' stopping at the track take
»B. P. Ferry, loot \ of Market street, at 12,
12:30, 1:00. 1:30 or 2 o'clock. No smokin* in
last two cars, which are reserved for ladies
and their escorts.
Returnins trains leave track at 4:13 and
4:45 and Immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS. President.
PERCY W. TREAT. Secretary.
. MARRCTbT Sfl^SS^Only the 'man who understands wo
men admits that he dosen't.
* A ¦ protest is raised | asairist < the pun
ishment" of military Tand- naval prison
ers in Ireland.
THE HAGUE, Jon. 5.— The Queen-mottier
has accepted the invitation of Kins Kdwanl to
attend the marriage of- FTinc*» Alexander *>f
Teck'and Princess Alice uf Alhany. Krl.runry
10. at St. * George's * chape!,- Windsor -Chat!*,
England.
lj»tc Shipping Inlcllixencc.
SAILED.
Tuesday. January S.
Hr nmr Welltnstton, McKellar. Oyiter H«r-
OUTStPE. BOUND IN. 12 MIDNIGHT
, £car Ulv.lflAl
A jury in Judge Lawler's courtroom
brought in a verdict of grand larceny
against Annie Roberts late last*night.
The woman, was accused' of having
stolen a diamond, ring valued at- $1 50
from P. W. Roberts last- Novernh°r:
Guilty of Grand . Larccn y.
The annual election at the Union
League Club will take place next
Tuesday. , .The present regime of club
office-holders, headed by * President
George H. Pippy, was renominated by
the. regular committee*. There are no
indications, of an obposition ticket.
Union Leasuo Club.
Edward Jones of 1724 Market street,
a window cleaner, fell a distance of
sixteen feet from a window at '.' 892
Eddy street yesterday. He ' was re
moved to the ,; Emergency Hospital,
,where it was discovered that he had
sustained a possible fracture of the
skull and internal injuries that may
prove fatal.
.Window Cleaner Bndly Hurt.
Avensrcr.
¦ pint race— Wat erpower. Sir Preston,
Teufel.
Second race—^Sad Sam, The Tog, Th«
Misrhty. 4 »
.Third race — Mocorito, ''¦ Koailae,
Cncrus Bey.
'rourtli race- — ranlconbri&are, Salnty,
Ocr Btssie.
7iftn race— Boc&away, T. E. Sbatv,
Military Man. - ... ' : U ¦
-"Sixth race — Kodicum. Ulrrette.
PEOBABLE WXKH^XS.
Representatives from all the fra
ternal beneficiaries in this State will
meet in the Occidental Hotel to-mor
row for [the purpose of organizing a
State auxiliary to the National'Fra
ternal Congress,: which represents
seven million fraternal people.
Franternnl Congress. 1
• Installation of officers of Phelps
Squadron No. 12. United States Vet
eran' Navy/ took place last Monday
evening 1 . The newly installed officers
are: F. G. Wisker, captain; J. J.
Foley, commander; C. M. Price, lieu
tenant commander; A. McKee, lieu
tenant: William Tier nan. ensign; J.
A. Whiteside, paymaster: T. W. Con
nolly, secretary; B. F. Strowberg.
surgeon; P. H. Mass, chaplain, and
Harry Gray/ engineer.
Phelps Squadron Installation.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 5. — Five , hoboes
were captured in a box car here last
night. The men had broken into a
car of canned goods at El Paso, Tex.,
and were bound for San Francisco.
Hammocks had been strung in the
carand the men had a lamp and coal
oil. They were well supplied with
food and water. After getting in the
car they had an accomplice ' fix the
seal so the railroad men. would not
suspect they were in the, car.. Al
though the men were traveling by
freight they were enjoying more com
forts than many first-class passen
gers.
Hoboes Travel In Luxury.
for the current Masonic year installed
in the Masonic Temple last night by
retiring High Priest G. K. White, as
sisted by Past- High Priest Harry
Baehr, in the presence of about 400
companions of that branch of the fra
ternity. The new officers are:
Dr. Roland English Hartley, high
priest; R. H. Willcox, king; H. T.
Henning. scribe; William J. Smith,
treasurer; Franklin H. Day, secretary;
Charles W. Gould, captain of the host;
Harry Ascroft,'* principal Bojourner;
Clarence T. Cleve, royal arch captain;
Robert McMillan, master of third
vail; W. P. Filmer, of the second vail,
and S. J.' Eva, of the first vail.. Sam
uel D. Mayer, organist; George W.
Perkins, guard.
After the installation the retiring
high priest was presented by the chap
ter with a pianola and a life member
ship-certificate in thechapter. Then
followed a banquet in commandery
hall, where the new high priest, ; Dr.
] Hartley, was the toastmaster. After
the banquet there was a-n -.. hour ( of
: speeches, : song: ¦ and- instrumental
music.
California Chapter No. 5, Royal
Arch Masons, one of the higher
branches of Masonry, had its officers
Large Gathering of Members of High
Branch of the Fraternity Watch
the Ceremony.
ROYAL ARCH MASONS
IN'STALJj OFFICERS
The water polo game at the Lurline
Baths last night between members of
the Lurlihe Swimming Club was well
contested, although no sensational
plays were made. Captain Harris'
team, consisting of G. Dawson, W.»P.
Stockton, . G. Bray, O. Schultz, A.
Heinz and W. Clark, won from J. A.
Jackson, H. Heintz, J. A. Geddes, T.
Harris, E. Smith, T. Bacon; captained
by W. Pomine. The score was 3 to 1.
J. A. Jackson and W. Bray were goal
keepers. F. S. Geddes and E. J Dowe
acted as timekeepers and judges. The
relay race did not take place as usual,
owing to the absence of a member of
one of the teams. .'.'•.•';"
Polo at Liurllne Baths.
While being taken to Jail to-day Mrs.
HIU made s'Jcta a fight on the train
that Constable Fltrgvrald was unable
to handle her alone, and at Pleasanton
got Constable Locke to help him. When
tht-y arrived here the two of them were
unable to take- hsr from the station
to th* Jail, and on a telephc-nic com
munication Deputy Sh-rirr.3 Scanlon
and Queency went' to their assistance.
Unexpectedly she appeared at Liver
more yesterday. She found that her
children were with Miss Hartman. who,
it appears, is her sister-in-law, and*
asked that the sirls bs given to her.
The request was refused, and In retalia
tion she threw stones through the win
dows.
Nothing more was heard from the
woman until Tom Knox. the Postmas
ter at Livermore. received a letter from
her, dated at Lathrop, asking about her
children. He received another dated
at Visalia. and others again from Fres
no and Madera.
She was first seen on December 15,
walking from Livermore to -Altamont.
With her were two girls, one 12. the
other 10 yeara of age, footsore and
weary. It was coming on night when
the elder of the two children applied
to John Kieley. a farmer, for assist*
ance. The mother would accept' noth
ing, but allowed the girls to remain at
the farm.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway, Jan. 5.
A woman of Btranse actions, found
wandering about the country near Liv
ermore with two children, was to-day
incarcerated in the County Jail here
under a thirty days' sentence for ma
licious mischief, fehe says her name is
Mrs. Lena Hill and that she once lived
at Reno, Nev. It is said that she went
to the home of Miss Hartman at LJv
ermore and broke all the windows In
the house, for which she was arrested
and sentenced by Justice of the Peace
Taylor to thirty days In Jail.
Entrance to the station was effected
when the agent, Mrs. .Carrie Lapham.
had left the place for the night and the
last local train had passed. After
breaking in the door leading to the lit
tle office in the station it was easy for
the thieves to help themselves to what
was there. Some months ago the same
building was burglarized and a small
amount of coin and a number of tickets
were stolen.
Last Wednesday night the station at
Mount ; Eden was looted and it is be
lieved by some of the detectives at
work on local crime that there is a
gang of crooks engaged in this sort of
thievery.
"ALAMEDA, Jan. 5.— Burglars last
night looted the station-house at West
Alameda on the south side line and
carried off S012 10-cent tickets and $5 20
in cash. It is thought by the police
that the job was done by thieves fa
miliar with the practices of the station
agent.
The programme was followed by dan
cing till midnight, and many of the
old veterans enjoyed the delights of
Terpsichore. The affair was success
fully carried out under the direction
of William Healey, John H. Roberts
and John H. Gilmore.
Quartet, "The Scout," (Campana). California
Quartet; vocal solo, "Delight" (Uickstone)
Miss Helen Colburn Heath, Mrs. G W Hal
lowell accompanist: recitation. "The 'Organ
Grinder'n »ory," Mrs. Nellie Holbrook Blinn*
tenor solo, "Until You Came" (Metcalf) C L,'
Gocttingr; music, orchestra: quartet "Water
Mill" (Mary). California Quartet; bass solo
"The Bricand" (Osgood). C. I.. Parent: waltz
"Good Night" (Vogel). California Quartet
The recently elected • officers of
George IT. Thomas Post No. 2, Grand
Army of the -Republic, were installed
in public in Golden Gate Hall last
evening. . There were present " more
than six hundred people in the hall,
which was profusely » decorated with
patriotic colors, flags and army corps
flags.
. The following was the programme
of exercises:
Overture, orchestra: the bringing in of the
colors by the post guard, during which the au
dience rose and sang the "SUr-"Spanuled Ban
ner"; barytone solo, "The Charmed Cup," C.
L.. Gage; installation of the following named of
ficers by V. V. Stone, past post commander:
F. U. Turpin, post- commander; C.-W. -Gordon,
senior vice commander; B. F. Hobart, junior
vice commander; Charles II. Bltnn, quarter
master; H. McG. Wilson, surgeon; R.'.R. Bige
low. chaplain: A. J. Vinlng, officer of the day;
Frank O. Winker, . officer of the guard; John
II. Roberts, adjutant; A. J. Itseil. sergeant
majfir; Albert Lane, quartermaster sergant;
William H<;aley, Inside sentinel; J. II. Carels
outside sentinel: William A. Treadwcll, organ
ist: W. It. Parnoll, Charles E. Wilson Phil I
Fisher, trustee?.
I^ar»e Audience in Golden Gate Hall
• Witnesses Induction of Leaders
of George II. Thomas Post.
New Orleans Race Results.
*H5W OIU^EAKS. Jan. 6. — Reroltt :
Ftrat race, alx furioors — InquJeitive Girl won.
Tern O'Day 6econd, Arthur third. Time,
1-15 2-5-
Second race, ens and a quarter milea—Stone
wall won. I** Kir.r second. Bine Victor third.
Time, 2:09 3-5. •
Third ra.ee. feven furlonr" — Exclamation won,
Noweta secona. Ralph Yourr third. Time,
J :M 2-5.
fourth race, handicap, one mile — Hands
Across wen, D&n McKenna cecond, Aacension
third. Time. 1:41 1-5.
Fifth rar«. . *'.i furlonra, selllsc — Sadiucee
won. Tally Ho eecond. Over Again third. Time,
1:1S 4-fi.
Sixth race, one and a elxteentji milea — Reck
cn«r woo. Ktawaataa second. John Coulter
third. Time. 1:49.
Many a good woman can see where
sh« might have been better looking.
GRAND ARMY' VETERANS
SWEAR IX NEW OFFICERS
Wandering: About Country With
Children, ITrs. L. Hillls Ar
rested for 3Ialicious Mischief
Buigiars Enter the Southern
Pacific Building" at AVcst
Alamcda During: the Night
STRANGE WOMAN
SENT TO PRISON
THIEVES LOOT
STATION-HOUSE
College Swordsmen -will Compete.
NEW YORK. Jan. 5.— Delegates
from the seven universities composing
the intercollegiate fencing associations
at their second annual meeting have
decided to hold the annual team and
individual championship tournament
in this city, at the New York Athletib
Club, April 1 and 2. The competition
will be conducted on the same lines as
last year, each man fencing all the
representatives of the competing col
leges except his own. Teams will con
sist of three men and the one scoring
the largest number of victories wins
the championship, while the indivi
dual scoring the greatest number of
wins receives the medal for the indi
vidual championship.
The delegates present were from
the University of Pennsylvania, Cor
nell, Columbia, Yale, Harvard, West
Point and Annapolis.
An invitation to the association to
send teams for competition in the
World's Fair games at St. Louis next
fall during the special fencing tourna
ment arranged by the Olympic games
committee was referred to a special
committee.
LOS ANGELES. Jan. 5.— The favor
ites won three of the six races at Ascot
to-day, second choices taking two and
an outsider the other.
Skirmish, at 10 to I, sumrised the
talent and won the first race by a nose
from Metlakatla. Red Damsel finished
third. Double O, which had been played
for a killing on two occasions and
which had finished absolutely last,
showed a. burst of speed to-day and
galloped home first in the second race.
Lady Rice and Seaforth finished second
and third, respectively.
Elfin King: was played as a "good
th^ng" 'for the third and was backefi I
down from 2 to 1 to 3 to 5. He romped
home six lengths ahead of his field.
J. J. Corbett was second and Flamerq
third. Bill Curtis outclassed his field
in the fourth event and won easily. Pat
Bulger was second" and Golden Boy
thir/j. Fortunatus, the favorite In. the
mile and seventy-yard race, won hand
ily from Anvil, with Silver Fizz third.
Huapala, at 5 to 1, beat the favorite,
Foncasta, in the last race by a length.
Gotleiben was third. "Weather fine;
track good.
SUMMARY:
First race, Slauson course, selling, 3-year
olds and up — Skirmish, 107 (Lewis). 8 to 1,
won; Metlakatla, l>3 (Anderson). 3 to 1. second;
Ked Damsel. 112 (Walsh), t! to 5. third. Timo,
l:12Vi. Susie Christian, Sally Goodwin. Anl
r«d. Hindoo Princess and- Jlatronla also ran.
Second race, six furlongf, 3-year-olds and up
— Double O. 110 (Booker), 4 to 1. won; Lady
Klce. 108 (Bnxton), 10 to 1. second: Seaforth.
110 (Miles), 8 to 1. third. Time. 1:17. Moon
stone, Laura - Phillips, Tomahawk. Carnival.
Capitol and Frlerliene alpo ran.
. Third race, seven . furlongs, 4-year-olds and
up— Elfln Kin*. 103 (Redfern). 3 to 5, won;
J. J. Corbett. 107 (Booker). » to 1, second;
Flansero. 104 (Blrkehruth). 5 to. 2. third. Time.
1:29. Profitable, Uoleta, Insolence and Ollvilo
also ran."-' - , . ¦ * '" *
Fourth race. -five furlongs, purse. 3-year-olds
— Bill Curtis, 107 (Redfern). 3 to 10. won: Pat
Bulger. 115 (Beaton). • 12 to 1. second; Gold'n
Boy. 110 <Ran*ch).-S to 1. third. Time, 1:01V:
Banquero, Laay Belalr, Turtle and Strife aUo
ran. ¦ ¦¦ "- , *
Fifth race, mile and seventy yards, Belllnc,
4-year-olda and up— Fortunatug, 103 (Adams),
8 to &, won; Anvil. 92 (J. Lewis). 6 to 1. aec
ond; Silver FtM. 106 (Anderson), 2 to 1. third.
Tine, 1:47. Galanthus, Heir Apparent and
Ftnner Jim also ran.
I Sixth race. «lx . furlongs. • maidens, 3-year
olds and- up— -Huapala, 105 (Walsh), S to 1,
won; Foncanta. 110 (Reiff). even.-eecond; Gott
leiben, 105 (Kent). 12 to 1, third. Time. 1:10%;
Macana, Ismad. Negrusca. Plrato and Inspir
ator also ran.
BOSTON, Jan. 5.— Marvin Hart and
George Gardner of Lowell boxed fifteen
rounds to a draw to-night at the Cri
terion Athletic Club. During the first
part of the contest it seemed Hart
would win. In the second round Gard
ner was knocked down twice, and only
excellent blocking and holding saved
him from a knockout. Gardner came
up strongly in the third, but could not
land effectively. In rounds four and
five honors were*even, but in the sixth
Gardner put in some terrible swings,
which left the Kentuckian groggy, the
bell saving him from a knockout. Hart
showed his superiority in the seventh. ;
At the opening of the eighth Gardner
by holding prevented his being knocked
out, while at the end of the round the
bell alone saved Hart.
From the eighth until the thirteenth
round the fight lagged, but Gardner
put in some hard punches. The four
teenth was fast, but both men were
fired and their blows lacked steam. In
this round Gardner had a slight advan
tage, the bell apparently saving Hart.
Both boxers put up a game exhibition
in the final round and Referee Buckley
decided the match a draw.
Boxers Knjrajre in a Fierce Fif
teen-Hound Fig-ht at Boston,
Each Escaping 1 a Knockout
Ten to One Is Laid Against the
Hobart Mare, Which Defeats
Metlakatla and Red Damsel
GARDNER FAILS
TO STOP HART
SKIRMISH WINS
AT GOOD ODDS
Judge W. S. Bell of Pittsburg, who
will Judge the trials, is due here to
morrow night. He will leave for
Bakersfleld and will look over the
grounds on Sunday.
In addition to these is the Champion
stake cup, which must be won three
times before becoming the property of
any man. It was won by W. S. Tevis'
Sam's Bow at Bakersfield and by the
same owner's Cuba of Kenwood at
Coronado. It has not been competed
for during the past two years. Any
dog which h^s won a first prize in an
all-age stake at any trial Is eligible. It
is run in two-hour heats. The heats
for the Derby usually extend over from
thirty to forty, minutes. In the all-age
an hour is the average time.
For 'the first time in the history of
the trials a full complement of cups
are offered. There are three to each
stake and all are about the same value.
The intention is to allow the owner of
the winner in each stake to make the
first selection. The owner of the dog
which finishes second will then have
his choice and the remalninR cup will
go to the winner of third place. The
donors of the cups are:
Members' stake— W. W. Richards, J.
W. Flynn.and Western Field.
Derby— J. E. Terry, J. H. Schumach
er and W. S. Tevis.
All age — Frank Maskey, Clinton E.
Worden and W. W. Van Arsdale.
The sportsmen who are interested in
setters and pointers are looking for
ward eagerly to the. annual meeting of
the Pacific Coast Field Trials Club,
which begins on Monday next at Bak
ersfield. The does have been on the
ground for some weeks in charge of
skillful handlers.
The entries include the best sporting
dogs on the coast and all conditions
are favorable for a good meeting:.
Quail are reported plentiful, as the
grounds over which the trials will be
held have been patrolled since last Au
gust. They are a part of the Haggin
and Tevis property and are about ten
miles from Bakersfield.
W. W. VAN ARSD ALE'S SETTER
OAKLET'S PRIDE, AX ALL-AGE
STAKE ENTRY.
OAKIfcAOT) RACETRACK — TUESDAY, Jan. 5 — Weather fine. Track heavy.
5030. FIRST RACK— Seven furlongs; selling; three-year-olds- and up; value to first. t?-i.
Index! Horse and OwnVrT~~ JWtTst7 >« • t^. a;. Str. Fin. I Jockey. I Op. CU
£^m l?° r K n m r Ke ' Iy - 2 < Bender)...! Oil 4 1 ij 2 B " : 'i 2 '4 11 Oliphant .. 7-2 9 2
r£o £*J? b0tt - ; ! <Mr8 - Miller)! SOj 7 .1 I; i » i 2 t it:.:; 3 IKuna 15 12
rnH f mll ' ollvw . • < R - H. Clark) 107 1 2*52 4 K 5 6 "4 l^lBurns " 8 13-*
4-n» SSliPUtS a <G - P - cN e«'') IN*! -' 4 •> :t 2 *i:i 1 7 0 7 8 J T. Shehn 3 .1
si-l if^-^,?^ *•,£ ( 5- .» u » h «> 1»! « H> 8 4 S6 8 2 »1 |W. Waldo. . 30 «O
¦H-l |Min,aiujn : _.:_(n^Snidor) | 9ijlQ 9 2 1O 10 10 W |'J. Jonea... 8 li
50 '^;, 1 - 11^ I: l°- At post U - minute. Off at 2:14. Kelly, plac*>. 8-5: show. 4-d.
7c, B tV P I r'k 8; , sh ° w - 4 - Abbott, .show. 3-2. Winner, b. c. by Rough and Ready-
Vr« .J ."i • y ».- f Cend F- Scratched— Dcntelle d'Or. Start good. Won easily.
«.^m.'r k ns ,' hard - AVin * r *»•' well ridden an«l the going suited him. Isartwllitft
cra-w. m/f?! 110 " 11 ,,' 0 ' Etnrl Abb °tt a hot one. Emily Oliver is no wonder. Jean
sens'er boy MUler wa3 Very dusty - « howln S no more tpeed than a me*
5031. SECON-D RACK— Futurity course; selllnR: three-year-olds: value to first. $323.
— d ._ i 1 ..- Horse and-Qwner. ' IWt'St. 14. »,. » 4 . Str . Fin. I " Jockey. OpT CU
Hrr InM.? 18 ?. (J ".. K ! Sch , crr> i05l5 ... 2'S.-J2 in 1 WHUdrtnmT 2 5
Q^kfr G.nW. m s Rofe: Io5 1 ::: |g SI i^ll &? e . n .:::: I n.5
r-^o n K n P ?P per (F - J ORourke)| 07! 3 ... 3 2 1 i-i 3 2 5 "i Kuij 3 S
UanlVJ ?h.«i I 1 k! b i 3 7 achorr ' H . tart K00d - Won handily. Next two <Wvln*.
«!^n» i>« "^M off and was test. \" aterspout appeared to be all at sea In th*
hart .»«» i per '°' Jnd , th « P ac * too hot. Quaker Gi»l was closed out of her portion on
d s- a 5iiiL5iiL££i^I the Paddock..
5C32. THIRD^RACE— Mile and 50 yards; celling; 4-year-old, and up; va!u» to first. $325.
Index^! Hone and Owner. WtlSt. 14. ij. . StTTrin": Jockey. [ Op. Ci.
Fonse . 6 (C. P. Fink) tail 5 6 3 3 »; 2 n In 11 J~"t" «?hehn 3^ 1
I™ " \™°™x-* <P- O Lane).... ioi>| 4 12 1 3* I !; 2 5 2 14 J Martin 4 ~>>T >
Tlm^.w 5^--» :3 °tt{- 1:1T - 1: , 44 - 1:47 - At VO9t '* ra^nute. Off at 3:01. Fonse. place 4-3;
show. 1-3. Hipponax. place. 2; show. 1. Mila*. show 2. Winner b r bv El Rio Re-r-
FtTr?™^"" 1 bY ,f- B^ k€r - i Scra^ h « d -Grand Sachem. Tdogo. IXunnriu.
¦SiUKt. FOURTH RACK— Six furlongs; handicap; three-year-olds arX^Tvalua to first. ' tiOO.
lndex ; l Ilorgg and Owner. U- »;. Str. Fin. I "joTkeT: — F57 cT.
B5(>2 I Arcade, 4 (W. B. Jennings). .I10S1 6 .'. . 5 *', .% 3 "1 In !j Martin ' ¦
R6C0 I Martinmas, t (Henshall) . . .. \m X ... 4 Hj4 n 4n " "i Oti. 1 2 -5
BMW :The Don. 4 (H. E. Rowell).... 102! » ...^ 1 11^1 1 \ "i-A o* -"S— - *$
r.."S« IBurrle Bunton. 6 (Newman). 100' 2 ... fl 6 « 4n'im^?«n'r % "•«
(.'.er,l)):Kfnilworth. G (H. Ptover).... 12«! 4 .. 2n •• h * H'.% h^iT fh?J?« ? ?
Time— :24-li. :4t>«4. 1:14%. At post 7 minutes. Off at 3:34>V. Arcade nlare - "¦ «h n w
1-2. Martinmas. pl«ce. 1-2: show. 1-5. Don. show 3. Winner bh' bvl^n VlTVfwT*
Trained by W. B Jennings. Start R ood. Wen in a drive of three. Krc»de^h"ad "«« thi
5«:M. FIFTH RACE^ven'fiirlo^gTrVelllnT^ to" Xst.^. 7^.
Indox^l Horse ard Owner. jWtjSt. ».; . »j. % . str. Fin. [ J^k7y7""l~6^ cT.
n.V_»7 |Rey Dare, « i.r. C. Nealon). . . ilOO! t 4 n 2 h 2 I«i2 1 1 »; 'iHIH»hr.,H ' ~.
<r.C10) Oro Viva. 4 <Wnrd & Co.). . . .Ul4l 4 » 14 1 1U1 2 'T 2 a .',' \rl\\ - Z ,11
BBC* !Pr. Blazes, a (Shannon & C>.)!U4! 6 6 1 7 n 5 s; 5 n 32 iHaacic ll IJ i2
KM iLuren*. 5 (W. t,. Pritrhard).llO7! 3 .". 1KB 1 4 r* r. - 4 %¦ t".,,. •¦ l * ;?
552-1 IMIfs RIntrlets, 3 (Fersuson). . S9| 7 7 2 iS 2 3 •; 4 K B ? 1 Jones" I ' 1
BS20 iKickumbob. a (Walz U Co.)..jlC!>j 5 2 h 4 »i 6 h" fi 1 fi h ikunz I lft «i
M.-» jlnstrument. 3 OleAIHoter). ..I 04! ft 8 8 7n ft 7 1 ronneli V m
5407 lAchllles. 5 U. J. McCabe) |117i 2 1 n U *; 8 7 18 [See ....!'."[ * £
Time— :24'i. AOVj. 1:15>... 1:20. At post 2 mlmites. Off at 3:M~ Dan- place - -- ,h«,»
I-.*!. Viva, place. S-5: show. 4-5. Blazes, show. 4. Winner brrbr Pi Pto'n J 7''.
nare. Trained by J. C. N>alon. S-ratch**— Alice Can>y nioa mn.f u^l yTj "!.^
Won going awav after n drive. Next two driving n?y Dare ' was best ' He «m, JTC? i
on back stretch turn, almost groin* to his knees. Oro Vj/a ran hN race rtv 1
Prlnco Blazes. Lurene did not go to the front to-day. MIs 3 Ringlets quit Irstr,^^
¦ In poor condition Achilles fell cut of_U_eari>\ quit, instrument
BOSS; SIXTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles; sell!ns:3"-year^s&^rTo"flrst^$?^r N *
Index! Horse and Owner. JWtjSt. U ¦ Vj- ?i . Str. Fin. I Jockey. ! Op. C\.
(S.V«)!.Stuyve. 5 (F. R. Lanterman).'jlO7| 4 1111 1 Hil 2 13 IHlldebranrt 'l Z^ 7^
ftftU Joe L»SEer. 6 (H. D. Beams). ilOT>i 1 .11 2 % 3 3 2 14 2 h Ifaraen 5 S'J
6S39 ;Namtor. 5 (F. Reagan) 113 3 4 U 3 2* 2 n :: 1 3 4 !ru™, '. "I ?
B.V13 IPlay Ball. ."> (M. J. Paly).... 851 5 5 S 5 5 4h !W Daiy' ' I 4(t iJL
SC11 iPrestolus. 4 (Dcvin & Co.).. I 0t)l 2 2 *; 4 4 4 2 4 4 .-, iKuna^' " " ' *-, ™
Time— :24»i. :49*i. J:lC'i. l:42ti 1:43. At post Vi minute. OfTat 4:2CU. Stuyve Llare
2-5: show. out. Lesser, place. 4-5: show. out. Namtor. shew out Winner h £ v
Stuyvesant-Kati* B. Trained by R. Campbell. Start *ood. Won In a rallon v..^' . y
• driving hard. Stuyve breezed all the way. Stable thought Xatn tor a dainty B,.™'
Sn e djd ro f*lr?^e l |l^ <1 *- bUt COU ' d d ° n ° B ° Cl1 - JOe L " Ser ran " n ""'"'nt^ace. B p^
It is not a question of winning or
losing the fight as each vboxer has su
preme confidence in his ability to de
feat the other no matter what his op
ponent might weigh.
There was a great flow of diplomatic
language at the conference. Corbett
claimed he could do 124 pounds and
that he is the featherweight champion.
He did not explain that he would prob
ably have to cut off one of l\'<a legs to
make that weight. Britt said that
while he did not claim the lightweight
championship people were forcing
it on him. 'Then they discussed the
possible engagements they would have
to give up if they made this match.
Corbett said he could* fight Ben Jordan,
the ancient Englishman, although he
did not specify what club would have
the temerity to match them. He also
said he could get a big match In the
East if the authorities would permit it,
which it seems they will not.
Britt said he had a return match
with Canole in sight and also an East
ern offer. The latter was a guarantee
of $3000 to meet three lightweights.
This is less than the loser's end in the
proposed fight. They finally fired of
passing compliments back . and forth
and went their separate ways to din
ner.
Britt put in a heavy day's training
yesterday in view of a possible engage
ment this month. He walked out
through the park to the beach in the
morning. • In the afternoon he bundled
himself in flannels and worked hard In
the Olympic Club gymnasium. His
right fore.arm is giving him much con
cern. He blocked many of Canole's
blows with it and injured the bone.
He Intends having an examination
made of it by the aid of an X-ray.
Young Corbett and Jimmy Britt
talked fight for an hour and thirty-five
minutes last evening, but failed to
reach an amicable agreement. They
are to meet again to-day and it is
expected they will settle their differ
ences in short order.
They had their discussion a!Lto them
selves as J. W. Coffroth, representing
the Yosemite Club, who was the third
person present, left the oratorical box
ers to their own devices. When the
last word was said it was evident only
a, matter of pride kept them apart.
Each had made a stand In the matter
of weight and did not want to give in
to the other.
Question of Losing Is Not En
tertained, as Each Is Supreme
ly Confident of Winning
WILL MEET AGAIN TO-DAY
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
'Apprentice allowance,
First race — Futurity course: 3-year-olds and
U 554»;"Amoruna (McGuire) 10-5
4222 Clarlnette (Younp) 108
5034 Sir Preston (McNaughton) 110
5302 Del Vista (McKenzle) Ill
5434 Theron (McCullough) JJ*
5420 Our Pride (Tate) .. ,••••••"• "i
5522 'Myrtle H (Mrs. Hertzell) JOi
5522 Gawalne (Cotton) Jl»
f>594 "Waterpower (Stover) JJ«
5546 Pruewood • (McAleater) "
554G «Dr. Sherman (White) .109
5301 *Teufel (Magrane) 109
5570 *Mary Dunn (Bender).. • »l
Second race — Six furlongs; 3-year-olds and
up; selling: • , 1A
4267 Elliott (Glvens) 110
5580 'Nervator (Boots &. Hollenbeck) 9J
5V.*tl »Mlmo (Sheridan) "¦'
55S4 'Louis Wagner (McAllister & Co.).. ..102
55W Sterling Towers (Stockton Stable) 102
6012 'Sad Sam (Green)..... 105
5022 Colonel Van (Fountain) 1M
5519 The Fog' (Sink)......... }»£
5599 Pierce J (Blakeman). 107
5547 The Mighty (Ferguson) .. 101
5587 Virginia Boy (Winters ft Co.) . O.i
55(52 "Telephone (Smith) • ••„»*
Third race— Futurity course; 3-year-olds and
UP :.tS Belie (Cotta ft Co.) 112
3£ Fp^^e^Key-ii-Thomasi:::::::^
COM 'Rtomaine (Murray) • -JOS
4770 Blackthorn (Fink) •••• •"•
559S Hellas (Creely) «"i
Argot (Tarpey) , Jfi
".:: Beautiful BUI (Morehouee) ••• '
5540 Rlnaldo (Slskiyou Stable) . "*
GKJ8 Brennus (Judge) ...... • {{•'
539S Chorus Boy (Blakernan).. "•
54.M Mocorito (Wellman) £»•»
5358 Wyoming ; (Berry).... lL *
Fourth race-^One and a sixteenth miles; han
dicap: a-year- olds and up: 'on
B5Sr> Lacy Crawford (Schrelber) 00
5021 Our Bessie (Xewman) w
5537 Grafter (Blaslngame) »|£
5035 Namtor (Reagan) *"'
Ban Faulcontrldge (Houseman) 107
-.5507. Dainty. (Jennings & Co.)............. «>
5523 Horailus (McAlegUr) 100
Fifth race— Six and » half furlongs; 3-year
oTds; purs*: : ; , ,„
55«3 t»r. Rowell (Blaslnyame) 1U
5571 Otto Stlfel (Schreiber) f . V. . IK.
6444 Pachuca (Spreckels). v ™
55,stt Rockaway (Burns und Waterhouse)..U5
' 5VK1 -Military Man (Ferguson).. llJ
5541 F. E. Shaw (Sink) ...... .... .112
Sixth race — One'mlle and fifty yards; 3-year
olds' and up: selling:: ¦¦¦ •
tib'ZS *Nisrette (Jennings & Co.) 00
3594 Optimo (Blakeman). '.1C5
54W "Royalty (Green). . ......: .ICO
5525 Modicum (Fountain).... 10.:
SU20 'Marlin (Bender &;Co.) 05
5377 'Fille d'Or (Klnyoun) 0 j
'5575 Avenger (Schorr) JW
QUAKER GIRL'S POOR LUCK.
All the railbird reports had Quaker
Girl fit and ready and the Rogers filly
opened equal favorite with Ananias for
the Futurity course sprint following.
She met with poor racing luck under
Bell's guidance, finishing beyond the
money. Ananias, ridden by Hilde
brand, outstayed the 25«to 1 shot, Lib
bie Candid, reaching the wire first by
more than a length. Waterspout could
not keep up the first part, but managed
to finish third.
El' Fonse, a 2 to 1 favorite, captured
the mile and fifty yard selling number.
He was piloted by J. T. Sheehan, and
overhauling Hipponax the last eighth,
earned the decision by a length. Milas,
at 12 to 1, finished a fair third.'
James Nealon's Rey Dare had a close
call from defeat in . the seven-furlong
run. The gelding's odds were played
from 2 down to 3 to 2 favoritism, and a
stumble on the back stretch turn soon
after the start looked 'to have put him
out of commission, how
ever, soon made up the ground lost,
and wearing down the lead of Oro
Viva, beat the latter horse out nearly
a length. Twenty to one was chalked
against Prince Blazes and the old fel
low ran third.
Hildebrand carried off the saddle
honors, piloting three winners past
the judges. The 'young man received
quite an ovation for his victory on
Key Dare.
ENTRIES FOR TO-DAY.
ARCADE FIRST BY A NECK.
Otis, astride Martinmas, met with
poor racing luck and at the wire was
downed a neck by Arcade, the Jen
nings entry, ridden by J. Martin. The
Don was third.
A most ordinary card attracted only
a fair crowd and the betting was not
heavy.' Favorites annexed three purses.
One of the best played horses of the
day was Namtor, which ruled an even
money chance for the concluding mile
and a sixteenth event, and finished
third. Frank Reagan thought his horse
unbeatable and the major portion of
the smart ones unloaded on the New
York horse. Stuyve, the second choice,
with Hlldebrand \ In the saddle, went
out in front when the barrier was re
leased and simply breezed from start
to finish. Burns, on Namtor, was hard
at work all the way and then lost the
place to Joe Lesser by a head.
Coroner Kelly, with Oliphant in the
saddle, snatched . the first event with
out going through the ceremony of
holding an inquest over any of those
finishing in his wake. Sidney Bender's
three-year-old trailed Ethel Abbott into
the stretch and then assuming the lead
won almost easily from the 20 to 1 shot
Isabellita. Emily Oliver, made favorite
because of Tommy Burns having the
mount, ran fourth. The Miller ran a
cheap looking race.
Kenilworth, in the autumn of his rac
ing career, is growing to be a notional
sort of old chap. At times he will fight
out a finish with the determination and
tenacity of a bulldog: and again will
flicker 5 and co out as a candle when the
barn door swing* on It.
The showing made by Harry Stover's
big brown bird In the six-furlong han
dicap at Oakland yesterday made a
skeleton out of many a fat bank roll.
Those who reached the books early got
13 to 10, while the late comers accepted
even money. To be sure Kenilworth
was carrying 126 pounds, but he won
his preViouB race in such commanding
fashion -that it looked as if he might,
repeat. ¦
A seven minutes' delay at the barrier
caused by .the unruly antics of The Don
did not lessen the favorite's impost any,
and when the barrier finally was re
leased he was away only fairly well.
Possibly the heavy track was not to
the first choice's fancy, either. While
the pace set by The Don did not set the
track ablaze, Kenilworth could not get
to him and in the run home fell out of
the play altogether.
Arcade, Overlooked by His 'Stable Connections, Captures the Event
in a Drive From Martinmas— : Three Choices Win at Oakland.
Stuyve Runs Away From the Very Heavily Supported Namtor
Each^s Too Proud to Give Way
to the Other to Extent of
Conceding Even One Pound
FIGHTERS FAIL
TO MAKE TERMS
Pacific Coast Field Trials Club's Meeting Promises Interesting
Contests Between Crack 1 Setters and Pointers NexU Week at
Bakersfield — Valuable and Artistic Trophies Are Being Offered
SPORTING DOGS ARE IN TRAINING
FOR ANNUAL COMPETITION AFIELD
KENILWORTH, EVEN-MONEY FAVORITE,
RUNS UNPLACED IN THE HANDICAP
YOUNG CORBETT AND BRITT FAIL TO AGREE ON QUESTION OF WEIGHT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY., JANUARY 6, 1904.
10
ADVERTISEMENTS.
¦
Ura if j*
i \ ("J IB £3 •i'*'. fc * *"*^
I A * fjflsfi&Sl* IS "o *tj
• I <d * IP 53 *• J3 c _ ©
12 |SL-JSS L SSI • "5 «- c *W
I h * ' § .2 ~
RH ¦ _ C
Telephone ' Joha 371.
=IN. S. HAIND=
Secretary . and of n- Ixrert Em4i:»pjsr
rial handicapper for _„/¦»«•« n ' t~m~* •»
t h e -Metropollt*n BOOMS 1, 3 and 3,
Horte Owner*" and i|0 CTOPVTnil CT .
"tnteretate" Turf As- \\i dl UtIU UN 0 I •,
•ocistioca oi New .
Tt-k. - Caa Fraaeise*. Cx\.
Term* «Surlnr CalUornia acaEon on!;>, (2
9%r day or $10 per week.Alice Ann Hart and Mary F. Carter,
contestants of the will of their sister,
Isabella Duncan Clark, who com
mitted suicide at the McNutt Hospital
last year, filed a notice yesterday that
they demanded a trial of their ca§e be
fore a jury. They are contesting the
will on the ground that Miss"- Clark
was of unsound mind at: the time she
made the Will, the day before she took
ter own life. •
Demand Trial by Jury.
New rules have- been made for the
admission of attorneys to practice in
the United States District Court, the
most important innovation being the
following:
"If «'iny attorney admitted to prac
tice in this court shall be removed or
suspended from his office of, attorney
by any court of competent jurisdic
tion, such removal or suspension will
be sufficient ground for. his removal or
suspension as attorney, proctor, advo
cate, solicitor or counsel by this
court.', V
Disbarment of Attorneys.
Money for Condemnetl Horses.
George Keane, the Mayor's secre
tary, yesterday deposited $410 85 in
the city treasury, being the proceeds
of the sale at public auction of eight
horse* condemned as unfit for use by
the Fire Department. One animal
alone brought $105.
The corporation, to be called the
California Auto Express Company,
will contract for general parcel de
livery with prominent business firms
and will also provide an auto omni
bus service to hotels and other points
about the city. A storage and repair
department will also be maintained
and a Dientsmann and cab service
will later be put in operation.
This auto service will be an innova
tion in San Francisco and will be the
first new departure of this kind in the
West. There are large companies be
ing successfully operated in New
York, Boston, Chicago. Pittsburg, St.
Louis, Cleveland and Buffalo.
R. Emerson Warfield will be presi
dent and business manager of the
company. Mr. Warfield will leave
Thursday for New York on a busi
ness trip to investigate the merits of
machines now on the market for
heavy delivery, to consider their
adaptability for road work In this
country and to arrange final details
for the operation of the new concern.
The California. Auto Express Com
pany has already incorporated under
the laws of California.
The other directors are H. W.
France of the Southern Pacific Com
pany, secretary; E. C. Peck of Peck's
Tourist Company, treasurer; T. H.
Goodman, general passenger agent of
the Southern Pacific Company; James
W. Field, D, . T. Ray>and G. C. Bow
man, directors.
A new enterprise is the organization
of a large company for the inaugura
tion of an automobile express service
throughout the city of San Francisco
and surrounding country.
Corporation Formed to Establish New
Machines as Delivery Vehicles
in This City.
The State Board of Bank Commis
sioners issued a license yesterday
for the establishment of the United
Bank and Trust Company on the lower
part of Bush street, San Francisco.
The new institution is capitalized at
$50,000. The backers of the concern
first planned to do a combined real
estate and banking business, but the
State Commission refused to grant a
license on such terms. The real es
tate business "will be conducted sep
arately from but in the same rooms
with the bank.
Bank Gets Licence.
\XXUAL REPORT REVEALS
SHORTAGE IN GOLD OUTPUT
Production of Precious Metal in 1903
for Coast $3,936,622 Iiess
Than in 1902.
The annual report of Director' of the
Mint Roberts and Superintendent
I^each, just issued, shows a falling off
in the gold output on the Pacific Coast
during the year just closed. This
year's yield for California, Klondike,
Nevada, Alaska, Oregon and Washing
ton was $41,071,780, while the output
during 1902 was $44,938,402, or
$3,936,622 more. The reason for the
shortage is said to be due to the fall
ing off of the Alaskan output, though
California was short more than
$500,000.
The output of silver for the year
was $3,207,914. During the year 1902
it equaled S2, 987, 322, or an increase of
$230,592 for the year just closed. ;
Following is a table showing the
amount of gold and silver produced
and the amount which each State and
Territory of the group yielded:
1903. 1902.
Klondike $12,210,425 $14,473,355
•Alaska 6.921.157 &.283.4C8
California l«.535,f-2l 17.197.9G2
Nevada S.B78.227 2,895,227
Oregon 1,384,341 l.Slti.341
Washington 434.109 272,100
•Total .'.-.$41,071,780 $44,938,402
His
Klondike $ 78.015 $ 215,542
AUf-ka 34.O.-55 46,«2tf
California 437.6fi4 546,354
Nevada 2,376.000 1.985.OC0
Oregon C7.WX) OO.SOO
Washington 164,700 • lftJ.OCO
Total $3,217,014 $2,987,322
•The figures for Alaska embrace the output
for the Cape Nome dUtrict, which is given as
$4,476,775 for gold, as against $ 1,542, 1SS last
year.
COMrAXY TO INAUGURATE
AN AUTOMOBILE EXPRESS
Frank Monahan was held by Judge
Mogan yesterday in bail of $5000 for
attempting to murder Walter Kelley
some weeks ago. Mc-nahan is an ex-
Marie Hyde brought a suit yester
day against Carl II. Bethman to re
rover a lot in Lake view she claims
he obtained from her by fraud. She
alleges that la^t September she made
out a deed conveying her property to
him with the understanding that he
was to pay her $90«. After getting
the deed on September 19. she allege*,
he told her he could not get the money
because the hank was closed and
promised to pay her on September 20.
He has not done so, she says, and she
now wants him compelled to recon
vey the property to her.
Charges Bcthman With Fraud.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Jan. .'.—Organ
ist Arthur L. Scott-Brook of Memorial Church
lfft for St. Louib to-day to assume his duties
an organist at tho St. Louis Exposition. Or
catv.M Joseph Smith of Santa Barbara twgan
his duties as Seott-Urook's substitute at Menic
rlal Church to-day.
DENVER. Colo.. Jan. 5. — The local Minis
terial Alliance has adopted resolutions in oppo
sition to the seating of United States Senator
Keed Smoot.
Two hundred women attended the.
first course and the committee, of
which Mrs. Fernando Pftngst at the
Hotel Pleasanton is chairman, hopes
that an equal number will subscribe
a nominal fee for the second course.
The first lecture will take place to
day in the parlors of the First Uni
tarian Church, corner of Geary and
Franklin streets, at 10:30 a. m. The
first course of lectures ended last
month and the second will be open to
all who may wish to avail themselves
of an unusually entertaining and in
structive discussion by Mrs. Benson,
who is thoroughly equipped for her
work. .
A series of ten lectures upon top
ics of the day and new books, in con
junction with special papers by Mrs.
Louisa Benson, has been arranged by
the Channing Auxiliary.
Second Course of Ixx-tures.
Maurice Ttiordan and a'fellow laborer
who were employed on a job out near
the Presidio eat down at the noon hour
Monday to enjoy the contents of their
lunch buckets. Two soldiers from the
post came along and sat down beside
them, engaging them in conver
tion. Cne of the soldiers reached
ever and took a nicely browned
doughnut from Riordan's bucket
and the other found a piece
of custard pie in the other bucket
which suited his taste. The laborers
bore it in hospitable silence. Then the
soldiers made inroads on the sand
wiches. At this Riordan and his friend
arose and smote them mightily. Po
liceman McCue happened alone and
took Riordan in charge. The soldiers
and the other laborer ran a,way. Rior
dan appeared before Judge Mogan yes
terday on the charge of disturbing the
peace and was promptly discharged
with congratulations from the court.
From figures on the number of per
mits issued during the year for house
building it is learned that there were
1600 n<?w buildings erected in 1903.
The financial report for December
lnst of Cashier Donohue, filed yester
day with the Board of Public Works,
fhows receipts aggregating 512,
545 35 for various permits. These in
cludeil 140 street space permits.
J-SSO: 20 asphalt kettle permits. $240;
31 sidewalk permits, ?620; 4 pub-
Fidewalk permits, $120; 16 J house
building permits. $131S; S house mov
ing permits. J27i; deposits for 164
side sewers. $5620: balances due city
on previous permits. ?190 55; adver
tising charges. $83 80; fees collected
by bureau of engineering, $119S.
The disbursements during the
month were $5137 99, of which $37*0
was from the special permit fund:
J 5197 99 fmm the tearing up street
fund, and $150 from the house moving
fund.
RejK>rts Receipts During De
c-ember Were SI 2.545 35.
Cashier of the Board of Public Works
LARGE SUM COLLECTED
FOR VARIOUS PERMITS
NEW YORK. Jan. 5. — There were
9768 failures reported to Bradstreet's
in the calendar year 1903. with liabili
ties of $154,277,093 and assets of
$84,060,475. This marked a decrease
in number of just 2 per cent from
1902 and of 8 i>er cent from 1901.
With the exception of 1809, the in
crease over which Is 1.4 per cent, the
year 1903 shows the smallest- num
ber of failures reported since 1887.
Liabilities, however, owing primarily
to the increase in suspensions of
financial institutions, but also because
of the considerable number of heavy
manufacturing concerns supending.
were larger by 45 per cent than those
of 1902 and the v heaviest, in fact,
since 1S97.
There were 956 failures, involving
$S. 328, 362 of liabilities and $3,852,
107 of assets, in the Dominion of
Canada in 1903, a decrease of 12 per
cent in number on a practically iden
tical total.
Owing to the Suspension of Financial
Institutions the Liabilities Far
, Exceed Those of 1902.
SMALL. DECREASE SHOWN*
IN* NUMBER OF FAILURES
The committee could do nothing,
however, as Messrs. Knight and Mc-
Claren, the experts who are engaged
in examining the accounts of the sec
retary, have not completed their work.
Mr. Foster stated that the committee
would bo unable to take action until
the experts' report was before it and
he could not say when they would
finish their task. He said experts
needed their own time. The finance
committee is anxious to learn the exact
amount of McKowen's defalcation.
There was a special meeting of the
finance committee of the Board of
Hegents yesterday afternoon in the of
fice of Chairman John W. Foster. The
members of the committee, which in
cludes I. W. Hellman Sr. and John A.
Britton of Oakland, came together
ostensibly for the purpose of examin
ing certain accounts that will come up
before the board at the next meeting,
but in reality to d'scuss the defalca
tion of. former Secretary McKowen.
Exact Amount of ex-Secretary
McKowen's Defalcation.
Finance Committee Unable to Tell
REGENTS AWAIT REPORT
OF EXPERT ACCOUNTANTS
The illustrations that will be used
by McAdie are from the most com
plete and accurate collection of photo
graphs of the phenomena of light
ning to be found anywhere in the
world. The lecturer will follow his
address on lightning with a brief talk
on the subject of fog. This part of
the entertainment will also be illus
trated. Admission is by invitation.
Professor Alexander McAdie, in
charge of the local branch of the
Weather Bureau, will deliver a lec
ture on lightning before the Men's
Club of the First Presbyterian Church
Tuesday evening, January 12. The
lecture will be given at the church,
corner of Sacramento street and Van
Ness avenue.
tertainment for Guests.
Men's Club of hirst Presbyterian
Church Arranges Pleasant En-
MeADIi: WILL DELIVER
ADDRESS OX LIGHTNING
When he appeared before Judge Con
lan yesterday he had three tickets ahd
Niggle was on hand to demand four.
The young man explained his attempt
at financiering and Niggle declined to
prosecute him on a charge of felony
embezzlement. Adams managed to dig
up the $3 he was short of in the trans
action and was dismissed. The great
est sufferer is Niggle, who had four
persons ar.d three tickets,- and he is
wondering by what miracle of loaves
and fishes he can make the combina
tion correspond.
Adams purchased . the tickets, and
then he commenced to scheme how he
could make a few dollars on them be
fore he delivered the geods. He be
gan his business career by selling his
first purchase at a premium and ,went
back for five more. At his second at
tempt at barter and sale a policeman
arrested him for "scalping" and two
of the tickets he had parted with were
confiscated. •
When Patti appears on the stage at
the Grand Opera-house to pour forth
the munificent melody of her music
laden soul she will miss one face that
she had every right to expect. One
member of the family of John G. Nig
gle, a commission merchant on Front
street, positively cannot attend. It is
not the fault of the family nor of the
singer, but because George Adams, who
may be classed as a rank outsider, be
trayed a trust. ,
Niggle went to the Grand Monday
for the purpose of purchasing four
tickets. There was a Ions line before
the box office and business prevented
him from undergoing the necessary de
lay to reach the window. But he was
not to be balked. With the wisdom of
the serpent he walked along the line
and picked out yvung Adams, to
whom he slipped $12 and his card
with whispered instructions to buy four
choice seats. For the service he prom
ised to give the young man $1- The
offer was accented.
"As a hotel keeper you deserve pro
tection," said the Judge. "But there
are lawyers, doctors, printers and even
working girls in the city who deserve
protection. The hotel keepers should
not have a monopoly on the article.
From the evidence so far adduced I am
inclined to believe that the defendant is
guilty as charged and unless he can In
duce some of these guests to come here
and testify that she was the aggressor
in the trouble I shell so find him. The
case will go over until Wednesday
morning in order to allow him to secure
further evidence."
D. Joseph Smith is steward at the
Baltimore Hotel. With a name like
that he should at least be proprietor of
the Holland House. He was on trial
before Judge Mogan yesterday, charged
with having struck and kicked Miss
Anna McGorty, formerly a waitress in
the hotel. The story pi the assault was
corroborated by Mrs. Jones, also an
employe of the hostelry.
D. Joseph Smith denied that he had
offered violence to the waitress.
said that on Monday morning he had
ordered the complaining witness to
wait on some of the guests and she re
plied in such stirring \v«..-ds that the
gathered guests were appalled and un
able to dispose of their phosphated al
falfa and shredded caraway seeds, or
whatever popular breakfast food is
served in such a refuge of wealth and
fashion. He said he discharged Miss
McGorty and followed her to the office
to see that she received the money
coming to her.
The proprietor was on hand also,
partly in his own capacity and partly
as manager of the court. "I want this
matter disposed of at once," he blus
tered. "I can't be dragged into a police
court by every servant that chooses to
make trouble. I am a hotel keeper
and I want protection. I can't ask my
guests down here to testify to the be
havior of this woman."
Wong Chong anticipated the opening
of the happy New Year season in Chi
natown Monday night by lambasting
How Jim on the head with a section
of eighty-pound steel rail. The delicate
courtesy made a deep impression on
How Jim. It was so deep, in fact,- that
the doctors out at the Central Emer
gency Hospital have been ' trying to
make it bulge out again. How Jim
was unable to appear in Judge Mogan's
court yesterday owing to his injury
and the charge of assault to. murder
against Wong Chons w. ; not gone
into.
The two men were originally arrested
on June 3 and charged with assault to
do great bodily harm. It was alleged
that they had become Involved in - a
row with Lavaginino at the residence
of the two defendants at 3034 Green
wich street and had thrown him down
stairs. It was further claimed that
they followed him to the rear yard and
beat him in a terrible manner. Then
they carried the almost insensible man
to a vacant lot at' Lombard street and
Van Ness avenue and left him lying
against a fence, it is charged. He was
found by a policeman the. . following
morning.
The first hearing • of the case was
before Judge Conlan on December '2,
Lavaginino having been unable to ap
pear before, owing to . his injuries.
Some testimony was taken' and a con
tinuance was had until yesterday. The
defendants In the meantime had been
out on bail. Yesterday the court was
told that the complaining witness was
still unable to appear and granted an
other continuance for one week. Short
ly afterward it was learned that La
vaginino had died at his residence at
607 Greenwich street as a result of
the operation performed upoii him.
Spinetti immediately notified the po
lice that he would surrender his clients
and carried out the agreement a few
hours later.
Francis Rossi and Giovanni Fossa
were surrendered into custody by their
attorney, ex- Judge Spinetti, yesterday
afternoon and their names were placed
on the detinue book at the City Prison.
As soon as a complaint c=n be prepared
they will be charged with murder as
the result of the death S of "Vincenso
Lavaginino. '
"When I entered the office." con
tinued Temple. "I thought the tele
phone girl was the same girl I was
looking for and I tried to liss her. as
I knew if she had been the right girl
Fhe would not have objected to my
salutation. Then she shrieked and I
discovered I had made a mistake."
Temple, when seen in the prison,
thought it was all a huge Joke. He said
he heard that a young girl to whom
he had sold a book had gon» to the
Starr King building and he went there
in search of her.
Policemen Maloney "and Young were
notified of the disturbance and they
hurried to the building and placed Tem
ple under arrest on the charges of dis
turbing the peace and battery upon the
telephone girl.
The screams of the two young ladies
were heard by two men who happened
to be in the corridor and they ran into
the office and grappled with Temple,
Mho fought desperately to get away
from them. He might have succeeded
if two of the elevator young men had
not appeared on the scene.
Shortly after 2 o'clock Temple, who
¦was under the influence of liquor, en
tered the office of the building on the
second floor. He indicated his desire
to talk to the telephone girl and when
she leaned over the counter he threw
his arms ar»und her neck and at
tempted to kiss her. She screamed and
Major McLennan's daughter, who was
in the office, ran to her assistance and
Temple, releasing his hold of the tele
phone girl, tried to get hold of Miss
McLennan.
William R. Temple, who nays he is
a brmk salesman, caused considerable
excitement on the second floor of the
King building on Geary street
yesterday afternoon and as a result
hf is locked up in the City Prison on
charges of disturbing the peace and
battery.
The matter of the petition of An
drew J. Clunie for a distribution to
him of a portion of the property left
him by his brother, the late ex-Con
gressman Thomas J. Clunie, was given
a partial hearing in the Probate Court
yesterday and then continued until to
morrow. The hearing was very short,
being confined principally to the ad
missibility as evidence of an agree
ment to separate made in 1902 by
Clunie and his wife. The agreement
is in the hands of the executors, and if
admitted will, the attorneys for the
widow say, go a long way toward prov
ing that Mrs. Clunie's contention that
the Clunie estate is community prop
erty is based on facts.
It is expected that the present pro
ceedings will lead to a contest of a
portion of the will of the late politician.
It has been inferred that Mrs. Clunie
contemplates contesting that portion, of
the will bequeathing to her re-alt y in
this city and Sacramento worth about
$200,000 and claiming under the law
governing community property a wife's
half of a husband's estate. In the event
that she is successful she will gain
nearly $300,000, as the estate was ap
praised at more than $1,000,000.
A claim upon the executors of the
Clunie estate for forty-two shares of
stock in the Pacific Coast Redwood
Company was made yesterday by the
trustees of ihe Navarro Investment
Company. They claim that the stock,
though appraised as part of Clunie's
estate, was simply held in trust for
them by Clunie. An affidavit filed by
J. F. Olark purports to show that their
claim is a valid one.
Among the other matters requiring
attention arethe demands for room in
the education building for the Univer
sity of California and the- requirements
for space in the mining building for
the minerals, ores, apparatus, etc;, that
have been collected under the direction
of State Mineralosrist Aubury to rep
resent California's mineral industry. ! .
Secretary "Willis of the California
Commission to St.- Louis says that
Lieutenant Governor Alden Anderson
is mistaken, if he is correctly reported
as saying that the California State
building is oh a badly selected site. -It
is, in fact, says Mr. "Willis, as near the
center of .the grounds as possible. . It
is only, about. 200 feet from the agricul
ture building, in which California
makes its greatest exhibition. This is
a matter of importance and also of
convenience. It is among a cluster of
great buildings, among which are the
Illinois State building and the Temple
of Fraternities and not far from the
Japan exhibit.
The Jerusalem concession is also near.
Mr. Willis says that these facts should
be generally understood. The hill was
selected for a building site because it
-would make the California State build
ing very conspicuous.' The location and
the architectures of the California
structure, which is of the mission type,
will be certain to attract attention.
To settle the pending questions con
cerning the exhibition space to be given
to California at the St. Louis exposi
tion. Commissioner Filcher has gone..t-i
St. Louis. The California State build
ing, is about three-fourths completed
and requires inspection. The space in
the' agriculture* building to be occupied
by the exhibitors frpm this State has
been arranged; but there is some ques
tion about, the' location of the wine ex
hibit. -¦¦•- •
Voluntarily Surrender Them
selves After Being Out 011
Bail for a Lesser Offense
Expects to Prove Her Claim
by a Separation Agreement
Made Nearly Two Years Ago
Four Men Seize the Offending
Book Agent and He Is Jailed
for Disturbance and Batten-
X
Says Lieutenant Governor Is
Mistaken Concerning Its Po
sition as Regards Convenience
ACCUSED ARE IN CUSTODY
OPPOSES ITS DISTRIBUTION
TBIEtf TO STEAL KISSES
WILLIS DEFENDS SITE
soldier and a bad one. He attempted
to take Kelley's wife away from him
and when she refused to part with her
husband he visited the Kelley domi
cile, shot Kelley in the shoulder and
Mrs. Kelley's mother in the arm, fired
one shot at Mrs. Kelley and then shot
himself through the arm. Judge Mogan
told Monahan that he sincerely hoped
the Superior Court would send him to
the penitentiary for ten years. ' *
During the day he held a consulta
tion with Captain of Police Spillane,
who has charge of the Southern sta
tion, where most of the cheap lodging;
houses are located. Nightly in these
places men and women are packed like
sardines in buildings of a highly com
bustible character and a disastrous fire
in that section would undoubtedly re
sult .in a holocaust appalling to con
template.
In the order there is a section mak
ing it obligatory on the Chief of Police
to see that all lodging-houses are prop
erly equipped with fire escapes and
that their locations are indicated by
red lamps of a specified character.
Judge Conlan issued a recommendation
to Chief Wittman that a thorough ex
amination of all the' lodging-houses in
the city be made and where this pro
vision was not complied -with within
a reasonable time that arrests be made.
He promised the police all the support
that his court could afford.. He issued
a similar recommendation to the fire
wardens.
The terrible catastrophe in the Iro
quols Theater In Chicago promises to
bear some fruit of caution and preven
tion in San Francisco, if the recom
mendations made by Judge Conlan in
his court yesterday morning are heeded.
Matilda Smith was before the Judge
on the charge of violating order 127
of the Board of Supervisors in neg
lecting to provide red lamps to indicate
the location of fire escapes in a lodg
ing-house she conducts at 307 Fourth
street. Her counsel explained that she
was ignorant of the provision and if
she were given one week in which to
comply with it the signs would be in
stalled.
Mrs. Thomas Clunie Declares
Late Husband's Estate Was
Acquired After Marriage
[IV. R. Temple Creates Rumpus
in Starr King Building by
Oscillatory Demonstrations
Death of Vincenso Lavaginino
Causes Placing of New Charge
Against Alleged Assailants
State Building Being Three-
Fourths Completed Is to Be
Inspected by Commissioner
Judge Conlan Recommends. to Police Strict Enforcement of
Ordinance Regarding Lodging-Houses and Promises His
Fullest Assistance— One Niggle Will Not Hear Patti Sing
WIDOW AFTER
LARGER SHARE
GIRLS' SCREAMS
BRING RESCUE
FIRE TRAPS MUST COMPLY
WITH PROVISIONS OF LAW
MUST ANSWER
FOR MURDER
FILCHER GOES
TO ST. LOUIS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, .WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 6, 1904.
11
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Weakness in Men
A Michigan Specialist iFlndsan Easy
Way to Cure Any Case of Sexual
Weakness Even in the Oldest Men.
This Wonderful Cure Has a Most
Marvelous Record of Successes.
* "... .
SENT FREE TO ALL WHO
APPLY IN WRITINO
- Thf re are thousands of cheerless names
in thjs country filled with discontent and
unhappines3.- lacking in love and cora-
rpanionship through the sexual -weakness
' and physical impairment of a man whose
years do not justify such a condition. In-
discretions. abuses and recklessness
ofteiTcause a temporary cessation of vi-
tal power that Instantly yields to tha
wonderful treatment- discovered by tha
great specialist. Dr. H. C. Raynor. of De-
troit. Michigan. It has remained for this
great physician, to discover that sexual
¦weakness and similar troubles can be
cured and In remarkable short spaces of
time. This treatment does not ruin the
stomach, adding the miseries such Injury
! entails, but it is a new treatment that
easily and Quickly restores youthful
i"i*igor,to men as old as 83.
¦ . Tbe discovery is beyond doubt the
tnost scientific and comprehensive that
: our attention ha3 ever been called to.
: From all sides we hear private reports of
cures in stubborn ca3es of sexual weak-
ness, enlargement of the prostate, vati-
coc^le, spermatorrhea. lost manhood, im-
| potency, emissions, prematurity, shrunk-
en organsylack of virile power, bashful-
i ness and timidity and like unnatural con-
ditions. It does this without appliances,
vacuum pumps, electric belts or any-
thing of that kind.
Satisfactory results are produced in a
day's use and a perfect cure in a short
time, regardless of age or the cause of/l
your condition. %l
The lucky discoverer simply desires to
get in touch with all men who can make
use of such a treatment. They should
address him in confidence. Dr. II. C. Ray-
nor. 177 Luck building. Detroit. Mich.,
and immediately on receipt of your name
and address it is his agreement with this
paper to send you a free receipt or for-
mula of this modern treatment by which
you can cure yourself at home.
d visit DR. JORDAN'S great 6
OF ANATOMY^
A CB 1551 Wl ITX7 ST. Sit. 6AA7tt. S.T.C1I. i
T ,ty The Lare«t Anatontcml Museum in the \
C ¦¦IM ¦' World WeaJraeuei or any contracted A
' Sen d.«i« r*«'*'«">7<-Br*dh7theoia»t T
O ,SH SpecattM on the Coisc. Eit 3* yetrs. &
A I SgV OR. JORDAN-DISEASES Or ME?) 4
\ ft TB?^ Con«jl!«tKm free md itrietly printe. \
0 I X#*t J Tr«»'ment personally or by letter. A Q
Y ¦ V V\ Atinw Curt ;n er-ry c»«und-r taken. T
AP III Writeftw Boek. r KILO MOP HVaf A
V • I I] 1 * BAaaMilE. MAILBO PKBS. (Af
X £ H valuable book for men ) \
/ SB. JOIIDAM A CO, I0S1 MarkVt Xt.,3. P. V
I *> gill -Uk Ammunition. Hunting and
: I B§ iiali." Sportir.* Goods. 1-a.nrest
|_| I Ja3 stock. Lowost prices. Send
Ss9 dlflll for catalogue.
W 9 H SHHEVE A BARBER CO..
730 Market at. and 521
Kearny st.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 HEARM ST. Established
In I sat for the treatment of IMt*!*
DiAratea. Ijcat Maobood. Debility or
rlUoa.«<" wearinjrnn rxxljr and mind and
Skin Diseases. Tbe Doctor cares wlien
others fail. Try him. Pbarg es low.
(nrMCatranlrrri. Call or write.
Dr. JT. T. GIBBON, Han Francisco, Cat.
OCEAN TBjLVEL.
® Steamers Ieaw« San Fran-
cisco as follows:
For Ketcaikan. Wrangel.
Junean. Holnes, Skaguay.
etc.. Alaska— 11 a. m.. Jan.
2. 6. 11. 16. 21. 26. 31. Feb.
6. Change to company's
steamers at Seattle.
For Victoria. Vancouver.
Port Townaend. Seattle. Ta-
coma. Kverett. Whatcom — 11 a. m.. Jan. 2. «.
11. 16. 21. 28. 31. Feb. 5. Change at Seattle
to thin company's steamers for Alaska and
O. N. Ry.: at Seattle or Tacoma to N. P. Ky.;
at Vancouver to C. P. Ry. - „
For Eureka (HumboMt Bay>— Pomona, 1:^0
p. m.. Jan. 5. 11. 17. 23. 23. Feb.* 4: Corona.
1:3Q p m., Jan. 2. 8. 14. 20. 26. Feb. 1.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara, —
Eanta Rosa. Sundays, ft a. m.
State of California, Thursdays, 8 a. ra.
Fcr Los Aneeles (via San Pedro and East
Pan Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Crua. Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cayuccs. Port Harford (aan
Luis ObtsDO). Ventura and Huename.
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. Jan. 4. 12. 20, 28, Feb. 8.
Bonlta. 9 a. m.. Jan. 8. 16, 24. Feb. 1.
For Entenada, M«dalena Bay. 8an Jose <S«t
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Fax, Santa Ro-
salia. Guayma* (Mex.). 10 a. m.. Tta of eaca
months
For further Information obtain folder.
Rlxht is reserved to change steamers) or sail-
ing dates.
TICXET OTX1C11B — 4 New Montgom-
ery street (Palace Hotel). 10 Market street and
Broadway wharves.
Fretsht office. 10 Market street.
C. D. Dl'NANN. General Passenger A*M*t.
10 Market street. San Franclaco.
k
O. /?. & N. CO.
"Columbia" sails Jan, 8. IS, 28. Feb. 7.
17. 27 and March 9. "George W. El-
der" sails Jan. 3. 13, 23. Feb. 2. 12. 22 and
March 4. Only steamship line to PORTLAND,
OR., and abort rail line from Portland to all
points East. Through tickets to all points, al!
rail or steamship and rail, at LOWEST
RATES. Steamer tickets include berth and
meals. Steamer mils foot of Spear St., at 11
a. m. S. F. BOOTH. G«n. Agt. Pass. Dept.. 1
Montgomery st. i' C. CLIFFORD. G«n. Agt.
Freight Dept.. 3 Montgomery st. . ¦ t
TOYO KISEN KAISHA,
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.>
Steanrers will leave wharf, corner First and
Brannan struts, at 1 p. m.. for YOKOHAMA
and Hongkong, calling at Kobe (Hlogo). Naga-
saki and Shanghai, and connecting at Hong-
kong with steamers for India, ' etc. No cargo
received on board on day of sailing.
S. S. AMERICA MARU .-. ; .
Monday, January 23. 1904
S. S. HONGKONG MARU
Wednesday. February >17. 1904
S. B. NIPPON MARU ......,:
Tuesday. March 15. 1904
Via Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. For freight and passag« apply at Com-
pany's office. 421 Market street, corner First.
"W. H. AVERT, General Agent.
AAAanSftC <T iff* A «*"*"> we*. *ra
oeeapics.s.co. a^^js
S. S. MARIPOSA. for Honolulu. *Jan. «, 1304.
11 a. m.
S S ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Jan. 9. 11 a.m.
S S SONOMA, for Hcooltiiu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney. Thursday. Jan. 21, S p. m.
4J.snEa^tim.a.,ic!L.flctit3flfcM4.iiftini
Ia^t22a.JM.ifbt.L?iyU.7.P»cAlL
*¦ ¦
COMPAGNIE GZSB3ALE TRllf3ATI.ASTIQU2.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
Satltn* every Thursday Instead of *jffJWf^
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. frcm Pier 42. ••«*=*'¦_-¦
North River, foct of Morton streat.
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Sec-
end elan to Havre. $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson BuiWlng).
New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sola by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
Maze Island and Vallejo Steamer*.
6teaicer GEN. FRISBrE or MONTICELLO—
9:45 a. m.. 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sunday.
Sunday. »:45 a. m.. 8:20 p. m. .Leave Vatlejo.
7 a. m.. 12:30 and 6 p. to., ex. Sunday. Sun-
day. 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Far», 50 cents. Tel.
Main 1508. Pier 2. MlMlon-.t-. dock. HATCH
bkos. Mam
ADVEKTISEMENTS.
j ("?W • A MILLION AMERICAN BOUNCING 1
I \,'J? BABIES are kept crowing -with the de- 1
I 1 light of living because their mamas have W
' y~^ es^t^%J ea - Tne<3i to use CASCARETS Candy Ca- §
\ / >M^®!'> thartic. Neighborly neighbors tell |
IX ©ach other of CASCARETS and the P
f • 4/ / w& kmd words said have created a sale of H
I Iff Ega over A MILLION BOXES A MONTH. H
/// , Ig£ , I* i» easy to protect infants against f
lii _-n *SS>. children's complaints, because all H
i v** X ,*^""jf>r^ the se perils have their beginning in ES
• r*#>> . HF*-~*Jbk5&^ 8tomach and bowels, and we have R
> K'Jf* ' "^ lv""^ "<i&5fV^ in CASCARETS a perfect medicine g
%Jt |r: V - Jh. J&BS that> "^H always keep the delicate g
a -^-\ ££3T'^3S^g9WKS?li/ machinery in a child's body clean, H
U \\ TF&E32Smdfi3m3Bt\^ regular and in working order. Chil- K
U dren like the littl6 candy tablet and \k
F V Z^Jv JBr aro kept eafe from all stomach, bowel, m
H \^ •"^TTjHff blood and skin diseases. All druggists. S
JV^s-rJjgfl 10c, 25c, 50c. NEVER SOLD IN BULK. f»
H "^^ ¦ r^ 16 S euu i ne tablet stamped (4
H CCO. Sample and booklet free. L
jj "They make me STERLING- REMEDY CO., |f
I feel so goo&r* Chicago or New York t§
\\ P V CATHARTIC am *rtKfKI0^^rl
I ANNUAL SALE-TEN MILLION BOXES I
1^ Greatest In the World eaoj
ADVERTISEMENTS.
1471-73-75 OAK STREET. TTPTMPV TUfTTPJr'CC
Facing Panhandle. nUTNK I JVLcJNVjEO
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL., Dec. 29, 1903.
TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN:
•I, Henry, Menges, of 871 Washington Street, Oakland,
certify that I was the holder of Ticket No. 60,940 in D. & S.
raffle of Dec. 12th, and that the house and lot has been turned
over to me free of all incumbrance and in strict accordance
with the terms of agreement on ticket.
HENRY MENGES.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA. . .
CITY AND COUNTY OF SAN FRANCISCO— ss.
On this 2gth day of December, A. D. 1903. before me, Matthew
Brady, a Notary Public, in and for said City and County, residing
therein,* duly commissioned and sworn, personally appeared Henry
Menges, known to me to be the person whose name is subscribed to
the within instrument, and he acknowledged to me that he executed
the same. . '
IN WITNESS WHEREOF I' have hereunto set my hand and
affixed my Official Seal, at my office in the City and County of San
. Francisco, the day and year in this certificate first above written. •
.MATTHEW BRADY, , Notary Public. '
In and for said City and County, State of California.Charles Sutcliff e and ' George Tighe
were held yesterday, by United States
Court Commissioner Heacock to* an
swer to a charge, of passing .counter
feit _ccrtns. Their bail was fixed at
$2000- each.
Counterfeiters. Held.
Is the great closing out shoe sale.Even
pair of. shoes must and will be sold. Al
ready people have offered to take 'the
f!£« e ' J i ow wll at # ls to be done? At least
5000 pairs of. ladies' and men's shoes
must be disposed of in a few days. Reg
ular ?«.;»0 ladies': and men's shoes now
9].bo;R pair. until every pair 1 is gone at
the closing-out shoe sale, 915 Market
street, opposite Mason. •
MciTily Going On
United ' Stales Coast - and Geodetic Survey —
Time and Height of High and Lon- Waters
• f Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. . PuiliMM-d by official authority o* the
Surerirter.dent. - . • '
NOTE — The'hlch and • low waters occur at
th» city front < Mlesion -street Vharf) about 'JZ
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide b* tfce taaie at both places. •*«.*¦,.
• rrr T'. TJVEPNESDAY. JANUARY 6.
Fun ri^es _ • • • • • - r *
Sun sets 5:00
Moon rises ... ....«» 3:>6 p. m.
S;m wjssi w ca Ft. T -i™lc
« |H X\-\ lL.tVI l"^l_ L W
*« I ««i| OT 7:271 2.6JJ:SO 5.S 8:041—0.3
7 3 : O5! 5.31 S:.e! 14 23: 4.S 8:50 O.3
R*l a^»l 5 4 9:45 2.2! 3M2 4.3 0:42 O.l»
!0 S:S 5.r!l2:CSi 1.5 «:2« . i*ll:« 2.1
11 i «:2T>; 5'l l:16| • o.a| 7:1. 3.i| |
"vOTE-ln the above exposition of the tide*
ine <arlv rnornlrs tldcg are given in the left
hand column and tne successive tid-« of the
In the or-J<*r of occurrence ¦• to time: the
A»v cxcVrt «h«i there are but Uiree tides, as
Detective R. P. Graham, who went
to Kansas City with the papers for the
extradition of Groffo Zourka, a gypsy,
charged .with grand larceny for steal
ins $4000 from John Joe, another
gypsy/ returned yesterday without his
prisoner. Governor Dockery of Mis
souri refused to issue extradition pa
pers because Zourka had obtained a
warrant" in that State for Joe's arrest
oh- a charge of robbery.
Returns Without Prisoner.
John J. Slogan was booked at the
City Prison yesterday afternoon on a
charge .of .burglary. Policeman Bier
man met him about 2 o'clock Sunday
morning Carrying a 'bundle. Bierman
stopped him, and, not. receiving satis
factory answers to his questions, ex
amined the bundle and found it con
tained, lead pipe. Mogan was placed
under arrest. Detective Braig was de
tailed on the ' case 'and he discovered
that the pipe' had been taken from a
new building . at O'Farrell and ' Cough
streets. <
Charged With Burglary.
H. J. Small, general superintendent
of motive power of the Southern Pa
cific Company, has been advised by
General Manager Kruttschnitt that he
will-be allowed $300,000 this year for
the purchase of new tool3, machinery
and ' other, shop equipment for the
western system of the road. The
greater, part of this fund will be ex
pended at Sacramento, where, as an
nounced several days ago, the com
pany proposes making improvements
in its shop buildings and roundhouses
to the extent of $175,000.
To Improve Its Shops.
Thr:T4rne. Ball on the lower of the Ferrjr
fcuildinar was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
I. *¦. ifnoon cf theliCth meridian or at S
p m'.. Greenwich Ua». J. C. BURNETT.
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. in charge.
Fan, Moon and. Tide.
Branch Hydrosraphlc Office. U. S. X. Mer
chant*' Exchange. £an Francisco" Cal.;
January 5. 15404.
Time Ball.
The French bark Babin Chevaye was cleared
•»»flerday for the same port. . for orders, with
Ji4. :•::.:; ttls barley, valued at S71.M0, and 11,
£00 ciU wheat, valued at $15.TC5.
Two Grain Cargoes for Europe.
Th* French bark Marechal Suchet sailed
yr*!»rday for Que^netown, for orders, -o-ith
«S.4.«2 ¦li« wheat, valued at $»1.6C.V «nd 24,000
fl (umber as dunnaee. valued at J."A'.
Since .the organization of the De
partment of Commerce and Labor the
work of guarding vessels containing
Chinese passengers and crews has been
taken away from the customs depart
ment, the new department employing
its own guards and inspector to pre
vent the clandestine landing of alien
immigrants. .;
Five of the suspended customs.in
spectors-have been assigned. to duty in
other, capacities in ' the ' customs ser
vice at reduced salaries and Collector
Stratton says that he -will take care of
the other ten inspectors -as soon' as
vacancies or other ' opportunities : pre
sent themselves. • ' : -r'U-'.V'/^Y^
In accordance with instructions
from the Treasury Department, United
States Customs Collector Stratton has
abolished the positions held by fifteen
guarding inspectors. «_This order will
save between $12,000 and $13,000 a
year in that department of the cus
toms service.
Creation of Department of Commerce
and L*abor Reduces Working Force
in- the Custom-House.
FIFTEEN INSPECTORS
LOSE THEIR POSITION'S
Accompanying this announcement is
another to the effect that the advanced
rate in the new schedule is to be with
drawn on certain commodities, a list
of>whlch is now being prepared.
It was announced at the Southern
Pacific- Company's offices yesterday
that the "Western roads, which have
agreed upon the advance of west and
cast bound freight rates, effective on
January 18, are now arranging for an
expansion of these rates to points be
yond Chicago.
It was stated on authority that ship
ments originating at or destined to
points on the Duluth, South Shore and
Atlantic and Minneapolis, St. Paul and
Sault Ste. Marie railroads east of St.
Paul and Superior and west of Sault
Ste. Marie' are to take the same rates
as are to be applied to and from Chi
cago. ¦:'¦ ;•;!/;¦
Schedule for East and West Bound
Freight to Apply to Points Be
yond Chicago.
APPL.1CATION* OF XEW
RATES TO BK EXPANDED
Tuesday. January 5. ¦
!=t!Tir Montara. Keilly, 92 hours from Seattle.
Ptmr Columbia. Doran. 09 hours from Port
land, via Astoria 45 hourF. '
£tmr Porno. Wtakel. 14 hours from Albion,
via Point Arena 10 hours.
Sinir BonHa. Gielotv, 56 hours from San
Tcdro.
Btmr MagK>. Cominjr. 3'i hours from Half
monn Bay.
Stmr AlaTTPda. - Dowdell, 6 days £?» hours
from Honolulu.
Stmr Scotia. Johnscn. 2S hours from Kureka.
Bktn <J!eaner. Schmehl. 8 days from Wiiiapa
Harbor.
- Schr AnteUwc. Widd«-; strom. 12 days' from
/Columbia Flivrr; up i-ivpr direct.
Sebr Mar/ E Huss, Xyman. SS hours from
Eureka.
i Sdir Maria E Smith, Smith, 1.1 days from
Pert Ludlow.
CLEARED.
T'je'^day. Januar>* 5-
Ptnir Pomona. Swansen, Eureka: Pacific
Coast Stean-.ship Co.
Br stmr Wellincton. McKellar, l.adyirnith;
R Dunsmuir's Sons Co.
Fr bark Babln Chevaye. Robert, Queens
town; Ba'.fcur. Guthric &. Co.
Tuesday. January 5.
Stmr Santa Barbara. Zaddart. Seattle.
Stmr Mszjcfe. OorninK. Halfmoon Bay.
Stmr- Santa Monica. Olsen. Grays Harbor.
Stmr Pan Mateo. Ros.«, Tacoma.
Slrar Pomona. Swansen, Eureks.
Stmr G"o Iooml.=, Badeer, Rcdcndo.
Stmr Gipsy. Iceland. Santa Crur..
Stmr Aberdeen. Daniels. Eureka and Coos
Bay.
Fr shin 'Marechal Suchtt, Gautier, Queens
town.
Fr bark Ba'oin Chevayo, Robert, Queens
town.
Bktn Tropic Bird. Jackson. Tahiti.
P.ETL'HN'ED.
Tuesday, January 5.
S'.rar 'Greenwood. Johnson, hence Jan 4. for
Albion, on account of stefrinr eear becoming
disabled off Point Reyes.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT I/JBOS, Jan 5, 10 p m — Weather
clear; wind NW, velocity 6 miles per hour.,
DOMESTIC PORTS.
FAIUHAVEN— Arrived Jan 4— Stmr Olym
pic, hence Jan 1. • I ..
-WJIATCOM— Arrived Jan 5 — Stmr Rainier,
from Seattle.
SEATTLE- Arrived Jan 4— Stmr City ot
Puebla. ht-nce Jan 2.
ASTORIA— Arrived Jan 5— Stmr ¦ Alliance,
from Coos Bay: stmr Geo W Elder, hence
Jan 3: stmr Oregon, from Seattle.
Sailed Jan 6— Stmr Nome City, for San
Francisco: Ger rhip Christel. for Queenstown.
Arrived Jan 5— Schr Annie E Smale, from
San Pedro. ¦ . ' ,*
COOS BAT— Arrived Jan 5, 10 a m— Stmr
Arcata, hence Jan 1!.
Sailed Jan 4— Stmr Signal, for San'Fran
cisco.
-PORT. LOS ANGELES— Arrived Jan 4— Stmr
Alcaz&r. from Greenwood.
Sailed .Ian 5— Stmr Alcazar, for San Fran
cisco. ¦- ...» •»,'»"•
BLA1NE— Arrived Jan 5— Schr Arcus. hence
Dec i»a. .-.-.•- • .
SOUTH BEND— Sailed Jan 5— Schr Novelty,
for San Francisco. • • \ -
GRAYS : HARBOR— Sailed' Jain 5— Schr Fal
con, . for San Pedro.
. REDONDO— Arrived . Jan . 5 — Stmr Lalune,'
hence Jan 3. _ . •-
Sailed Jan 5^-Stmr W H Kruter. for San
FVancitco. - •?
PORT TOW.VSEXD- Arrived Jan 5 Bktn
Willie 'R Hum*, from Haiphroc.
Sailed Jan 0 — Br bark Dunde*. ' for TVeet
Co?.s». • - ¦ ¦ • - .
EUREKA— Sailed Jan 5— Stmrs Westport
and Spokane, for San Francisco. . .
L'MPQCA RIVER— Arrived Jan 4— Schrs
Sadie anil Caroline, from San Pedro • •
PORT BLAKELET— Sailed Jan 8— Br bark
SarasrcsFa. for " Port Pirle.
iCUESCENT CITY— PafledJpn'4— Stmr Man
dalay,. for- San -Francisco. Jan 5 — Stmr Co
quill* River, for San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Arrlvd Jan 4-*Stmr Pasade
na, from Redon<to:'ttmr Alcatraz; from Point
Arena. Jan 5— Schr - King. Cyrus, from Ta
coma:. schr Ethfl Zane, 'from Everett: stmr
Iaqua. henc« Jan 3; stmr Marshfleld, from
San > Diegx . ¦ -. - •
Sailed Jan S — Schr J M Colman, for Ta
coma. " • - ¦
Arrived Jan 5 — Schrs H D Bendixen'and R C
Blade, from Grays Harbor; echr Sehome from
Everett. ' . ¦ ¦ ' . ' :
TATOOSH— Parsed out Jan &— Br bark
HisHIand?. for Philadelphia.
Passed In .Tan ft — Schr Columbia, from San
Pedro, for Ballard. IjailaptMllim
POUT LUDLOW- Arrived Jan 5— Br ship
Clan «;raham. frcm' Port Townir»nd.
.ISLAND PORTS.'... , ;
KAHULUI— Sailed Jan 4- Stmr Nevadan,
for Pan Francisco.' *
HONOLULU -Arrived Jan 5— U : S ' 8tmr
Shipping: Intelligence.
AnnivKD
The British ship Ha*t African (at Portland)
Ik chartered for wh~at and barley, thenre to
Kurrpr. at CCs. The British ship Clan Uob
? rtFon ia chartered for lumber frcm Pugrt
t^o-jnd tc Pydri^y or Newcastle at CSs 3d;
f-hoori«r Crescent, yam* bu«ineFF. from Eu
r»k» to Manila, at $10; ship James Drummond.
lurrbcr anj pile?, from Seattle to Manila.
Charters.
In acdilion to the. cargo previously reported,
the bark»rstino Tropic Rird. which sailed yes
terrJf'y for Taivicte, Tahiti, carried lt>.M7 ft
luir.ber. •>.•:.<• tals dintlllatc and €60 gals gaso
line. \alue<J at *1CC«.
Shipping Merchants.
Matter*, of Interest to Mariners and
jTi* ri'.ci-tv*t. uracir: & is moorea at tne
Hovard street bi'lkhcad. wherr the will b?
fitt^ii with m ti^w V>ow*pri{. The pilot-boats
.tiA'vra cotn» alone?i<5e the wharves and the
pretty schooner yesterday attracted consider
able attention.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN*.
I nrf overoue. Miif* were aaaea jesierday ic
iVureinturanc liM. sll quoted at 10 per cent.
TN- Austrian *hip Fran< »5co Giu^^pf" I. for
inr-rl> tb^ Uritifh 5hip ?'«lls of Afton and well
Y.rvr* n at t'ii« port. \* cut 193 days from N>«v
mrtta "n T; n* <cr Port L<os Angeles. She was
vtvrk'n July :;0 in 1<> nt-nh 2." •w*^=t. The
Tlriti^h !»hip N'rtliirby is out 176 days from
I^Ttidon for I!f>iK>lu)u. »n-i the French bark
T-a Fontaine left Antwerp for Portland 178
rtarn x%<> end lies not since been heard from.
XJie I'ei is end Loch Dredan remain at SO per
eenl
?
Ciracic S Aloncside.
It '.is th 1 * r»rry yteamer TamalpaiE and not
ihe Csr-rdrro us reported "n board nhich an
Cxplostotl occurred Monday nlfht. The acri
«l < ?nt. r,hi<-1i t.'ss not serious, wag cauF?d by
thr l>r»skins of ? daaip»r chain. The damper
• k'»"l and th<* lack of air caused the «•«
ti;iffiiii=hn:rnt r,f the (lr» in that furnaT. Re
l««ra th" ?"ing out or the fire and the dis
tMU) 1 r>' \frf arcid»nt th^re accumulated some
r»il in the hot furnace and it tkas the vap<jr
'rnm tliis liquid ?\\*\ tlml exploded when a
lipln »as carelessly »i'plied.
« .
Hirer More Overdue?
KiploJou on Tamalpafs.
Th« Occanl; ?tf?msliip Company'* 11n»r Meri
pesa. "huh ta-is this morning for- Tahiti, •will
• f-rry » larrr <-«rfn and about a »cc>re of p»ss-
Tip<»rF. Among: th" p? t»' •> jtt* ip » party of
*>rn<-h r-fc: *i«-iafiis poir.p to the S<-«i;h "?«-as at
thr rr<ju*n vC th" rr»n«-li Oov"rnn"»nt to in
; x«-MiFst» tb» h-f-i-h conditions jsminjr Th~ na
"'ivee end introduce t&BttMiy method? of living.
Mnriposa Sail* To-Day.
Lawyer Applewhite, acting as attor
ney for Howard Laws, the night watch
man of the* steamer Alliance and the
most important witness on behalf of
the Government, called the attention
of Judge de Haven yesterday to the
fact that Laws had been confined in
jail for a long time as a witness and
asked that he be released. Judge de
Haven declined to interfere, but sug
gested that the proper course for the
lawyer to pursue would be to apply
for a writ of habeas corpus.
Judge de Haven of the United States
District Court yesterday ordered an
attachment issued for Mrs. A. H. Ames
of Marshfleld, Or., to appear.as a wit
ness against Thomas Davis, a waiter,
arrested last Monday by United States
Secret Service Agent Hazen for an as
sault committed upon Mrs. Ames while
she was a passenger on the steamer
Alliance on October 16. Mrs. Ames
represented that she had no money
and could not afford to pay her ex
penses to this city, so the attachment
was issued to enable the United States
Marshal to bring her to this city as a
prisoner at the expense of the United
States.
Davis.
Attachment Issued for Her to Appear
a6 Witness Against Her Assailant, I
MRS. AMES IS TOO TOOR
TO PAY HER
Judge Vandeventer then called the
cape of Senator Dietrich, in which Die
trich is charcpd with profiting by the
lease of a building to the United States
Government to bo used as a postoffice
at Hastings while Dietrich was a mem
ber of Congress. District Attorney
Summers read a telegram from Attor
ney General Knox stating that an im
portant witness had left Washington
and would arrive here on Thursday.
The District Attorney said that coun
sel for Senator Dietrich would not agree
to proceed on certain conditions with
out the presence of the witness, and
he therefore requested a continuance.
General Cowin, counsel for the defense,
stated that Senator Dietrich was ready
for, trial and entitled to as speedy a"
hearing as possible.
The court sustained the District At
torney, and continued the case until
January 7. In announcing "the contin
uance Judge Vandeventer said it was
the opinion of the court that the Gov
ernment should have sufficient time to
carefully preDare its case, and that
Senator Dietrich should have an oppor
tunity to vindicate himself in the face
of any and all evidence that the Gov
ernment wished to present.
OMAHA, Neb.. Jan. 5.— To-day's ses
sion of the United States Circuit Court,
before which is beins: tried the case
of United States Senator Charles H.
Dietrich, • lasted but an hour. Court
adjourned in order to permit the Gov
ernment to present a witness coming
from Washington.
The first business transacted to-day
was the arraignment of Tostmaster Ja
cob Fisher or Hastings, who was in
dicted on charges similar to those
against Senator Dietrich, and in the
same connection— that of alleged bri
bery in securing his appointment as
Postmaster at Hastings. Fisher plead
ed not guilty and waived preliminary
examination. His trial was set to fol
low that of Senator Dietrich.
Prosecution Secures a Contin
uance Owing to the Absence
of an Important- Witness
DIETRICH TRIAL
MOVES SLOWLY
At \hc annual meeting of the stockholders
of the Commercial Bank and Trust Company
the following directors were elected: R. H.
Warfleld. C. H. Schlveley. M. J. Keller, F. L.
Turpin, Theo. Reichert, W. F. Burbank. F. C.
lmmel. C. A. Hawkins and Charles Boxton.
The capital of the bank is now $100,000 and
the denosits amount to $54,529.
On the Bond Exchance $1«,000 United Rail
roads t per cent bonds (unlisted) sold at
?T5 S7*s;
Stock and Bond Exchange.
¦
TL'ESDAT, Jan. 5— 2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. Bid.Ask.
4* qr coup. .107ii10!Ui 4s qr cp newl33^4134Vl
4s qc reg . .107^ilC9Vi 3* qr coup ..106^ 108
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. — — O T Co Ss..llS^ —
Bay CPO 5S.104U102H Do 5s 107 1 ,* —
Cal C G os. — 106V4 Do con 6s. — 101
Cal C & E g Oceanic S 5s. — 75 .
m & ct 5s. — 108Vt Om Cable 6s.l20 —
Cal-st 5s ..114 — Pao G Ira 4s. 95 100
C C Wat 5s. — 100 P E Ry 5s. 104*4 —
Kd L & P6S.120 — P & C II 6s.lO3 —
F & C H 6s. — 117 P & O R 6«. — 117«4
Ocary-st 5s.. 4.Vi 00 Poxvell-st 6s.ll3U —
II C&S 5^8.104 — SE G&R 5s. — 101
h c &¦ s 5*. 0*14100 sf & sjv5s.im; —
Hon R T «*.104»il06 R R of C 6s.ll2»4 —
L A Elec 5s. — « — S P of A 6s
L A Ry 5s.ll2 113 . dflOO) 104&10*?;
L A L Co «is. — — (1910) — 106',i
Do Btd. 6s. — — S P of, C 6s
Do Btd 5s. — 104»i nr>G5)Sr A.103^1 —
HP n-m Ps.lOtt 102 (1905)Sr B. — 104>4
Mkt-st C «s.115»4<— (1900) 104^105
Do lem 59.113 Vi — (1912) 114% —
NRR of COs. — 106 !src 1 eg 5s. — 117VJ
Do 5s 114S — I Do stmpd.lO7U107%
N P C R 5s. — 106 JS P B « 6s. — • 132H
NCR .'is.. — 112 S V W 6s.. 106 —
N C P C « r >s. — 101 ! "Do 4s 2dm. WHilOO
N S R R 5«. PS 100 Do 4s 3dm. OS —
O «J L H 55.107-"!; — Ptkn G*E Us — 10«
o W gtd r.s. — -loo !r g & e 3s. -t- los-
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa — 4t Port Costa.. — —
Marin Co . . — 65 S V W Co. 39 39 '4
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
C»nt L & P. — 4 Sac E AGR. — ' — .':.
Mutual E L. S»i — S F G & K. 6SU 6S
Pac U Im.. — — Stkn G &. K. 5 —
Pac L Co... 6t — U G* & E.. — • 39
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
SFG&E. 6U- I
INSURANCE.
Flrems Fnd — 350 I
BANK STOCKS. .
Am Ntl Bk.120 123 L P & A... — 170
Anglo-Cal ..85 91 Mer Truflt ..200 232*5
Bank' of Cal. — 450 Merch Ex .. — —
Cal Safe Dp. — 150 S F Nationl. — —
First Nationl — —
SAVINGS BANKS. ' -V
Ger S &- L. — 2275 Sav & L So. — 105
Hum S & L. — — Sec Sav Bk.375 475
Mutual Sav. 519 110 Union T Co. — . —
SF Sav U.600 7C0
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..1C9 205 (Presidio 38 41
Geary — SO | -
POWDER.
Giant 62U 65 | V! K orit 4 5
SUGAR.
Hana P Co. 15c 50c Kilauea S C. — "5
Hawaiian C. it 44«j Makawcli C. 23 24
Honokaa S C 12»i IM 1 * Onomea S C. — 30»4
Hutch S P C S'.i S'ilPaauhau S C — 15
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A.130«i — Oceanic S C — fi
Cal F C A. 02 V4 »5 Pac Aux FA fi 5<4
Cal Wine A. 03 94 Pac C Borx.167 —
Morning Session.
Board —
L'5 Alaska Packers' Association. . ..137 00
20 Alaska Packers' Association 13« 75
10 Alaska Packers' Association. .. .136 50
15 Alaska Packers' Association 136 25
*_•<> California Wine Association.... 9-1 0«
15 Hutchinson S P Co S 25
.'¦Spring Valley Water Co 30 00
*2000 Los Ang Ry S per cent bonds.. 112 50
$2000 Spring: Val 4s bonds (2d mtBe».. !)3 50
?1000 Spring Val 4s bonds (3d mtge).. 93 50
Street — - , ,
20 Contra Costa Water ;.'..' 40 00
Afternoon Session. '
Board —
10 Alaska Packers' Association. .. .136 00
r>0 Alaska Packers' Association.... 137 00
100 Hutchlnson S P Co 8 25
10 S P Gas & Electric Co 64 00
$1000 Hawaiian C & S Co 5 per cent.. 99 00
$1000 H F & S F V bonds 117 25
$4000 S P of Arizona (1909) .*..:. .104 87^i
Street — - .
$2000 Pac Elect Ry 5 per cent 105 00
California Stock and Oil Exchange
Oil Stocks — Bid. Asked.
Alma . v ... •••• •••• '
Apollo ....
Associated Trust Cert < 18 ....
Aztec SO
California Standard 00
Caribou , 1 50 1 75
Centra! Point Con • ....
Chicago Crude ....
Claremont ' 40 ....
Espersnza . ... ....
Four ....
Fulton 4 20
Giant ....
Hanford 142 OO
Home 1 05 1 12Vi
Imperial : % .•••- .....
Independence -11 14
Junction ,....- 17
Kern ;... • 4 75
Kern River 12 25 13 50
Lien ..-; 02
Monarch of Arizona • 40 ....
Monte Crirto '-6S J ....
Occidental of W Va .... 17 .
Oil City Petroleum ..... ....
Peerless 13.75 *..:.
PiUsburff .... •••'.
Reed Crude 4 50 4 60
S F & McKlttrick ....
San Jcaquin O & D ..... .¦:.
Senator A'l . .... ¦
Sovereign ' "37" ."ft
Sterling '! W 2 7ft -
Superior 05 07
Thirty-three ',".'.'.." - ..:.
Toltcc 13 20
Tiventy-elght ".•...¦.¦ 5 »7?-j
West; Shore 3 00
M Jsccllaneous — ; rl^'V • '
Abty Land & Improvement ,'. - .....
Alamfda Ku»ar . 26 00
American Biscuit .. 75. CO. ¦ .... •
American District Tel . ,..,.
Cal Gas & Electric Corp ,.. .. ..v.
California Cotton Mills S». 0" . 95. 00
California Jockey Club • ..;.
California Shlpplne Co . |«'" 11^W
Cal Tiys Ins fz Trust ,
Central Bank of Oakland... .... .....
Chutes Companv^... ........ .."..¦ .'.....
Cypress L»wn Imp Co .6 50 7 OO
Fischer's Theater ;...... 2 25
Gas Consumers' Association. " .;r. ¦ ....
Honolulu Sujar .; ...., ....
Northern Cal Power.. .:T. 9 00
North Shore Railroad •-..'..
Orpheum Companv 16 00 ..:.
Pacific States Tel & Tel.... ' ....
Parafftne Paint ...35 00 . ....
San Francisco Drydocki .... h ....
Sanitary Reduction Works.. 1 50 ....
Sausaill" Land & Ferry...: ....
Sperry Flour Company. .... -
Standard E!«ctrlc -
Testa -Coal Co........ ... 25 00" : ¦ SO 00 ;
Truckef Electric ................ ....."
Union Su«ar .:..... r.. '.:..' .* .....
United G?.« & Electric ;.... ....
Morning Session.' ,\
200 Toltec ..'.;..."..¦..'..-.....•..'. 1^»
5<HV Petroleum Center ... :.i. : .. <W
52000 United Railroads .........: 76 00
Afternoon Session.
('.- 1W Twenty-eight 'OH - 5 00
CO Reed Crude 1 50
The decision is hinged on Ihe fact
that the Board of Supervisors in or
dering by resolution the planting of
the trees did not act on a written
recommendation by the Board of Public
Works that the work bo done as the
charter provides. "No recommendation
to do the work in question," says Sea
well, "was ever made by thv? Board of
Public Works ,and the Board of Su
pervisors had therefore 'no jurisdiction
to order- the trees to be either planted
or maintained."
In connection with the obsliuction
complained of Sea well says:
"The trees in question, while they
do not seem to be a very serious inter
ference with the property rights of the
plaintiffs nevertheless do, at the points
where they are planted, obstruct free
access to the stores and premises of
the plaintiffs from the roadway to the.
street. . That plaintiffs have the right
of unobstructed passage from the street
to their premises and from their prem
ises to the street cannot be questioned
and as the trees complained cf have
been planted without authority of law
and in violation of the injunction of
this court plaintiffs arc entitled to a
decree requiring their removal."
. Judge Sea well decided yesterday that
the Board of Public Works had no
authority to plant trees alona; the edge
of the sidewalks in City Hall Square
and issued a mandatory order re
quiring the board to remove them. The
decision was rendered In the suit of
George T. Marye and other owners of
property fronting on the square against
the Board of Public "Works— an action
brought on the ground that the Board
of Supervisors exceeded its authority
in reducing: the width of the avenue
and on the further ground that the
planting of the trees prevented a free
and unobstructed passage to the build
ings facing on the avenue.
TO ARRIVE. .
Eteamer. T • - From. j Due.
Czarina i «'oos Kay •••••• '- Ian - fi
Noyo ! Seattle |Jan. 6
F. L^cpe-.t ! Portland & Astoria IJan. 6
Elizabeth ! Coquille River iJan. «
Spokane Hurnboldt Man. 6
Sequoia Sinn IVflro IJan. "X
Pan Pedro. ... i Humboldt !Jan. 1
Arcata 'Coos Bay & Pt. Orford.|Jan. 7
Eureka ! Humboldt IJan. 7
Santa P.o*».. \ Pan Dieso & Way Pts 'Jan. 7
Point Arena.. i Mendocino & Pt. Arena Jan. 7
Queen J Puget Pound Port*. .. .'Jan. "
Chehsli* San Tedro IJan. 8
San <Iuan j New v«rk via Panama. 'Jan. N
Iaqua j San Pedro !Jaji. 9
M. I»ollar -Ran Eedro I Jan. 9
Wyefield ' Nanalmo IJan. 0
Centralia i fan, Pedro IJan. 9
Nmhurj i San Pedro IJan. 9
Pomona j Humboldt (Jan. 9
Coos Bay.". ...I Psn Pedro & Way Ports,Jan. »
Nortli Fork.. ¦ Humboldt Man. J»
O. W. Elder.', i Portland t Astoria -Jan. 10
Serbia .......' Seattle (Jan. 10
Centennial : Seattle *• Tacoma iJan. 10
f-Meo «"<>3Uil!» River (Jan. 11
State of Cal..: San Dtefto & 'Way Pts.'Jan. 11
Scnoma I Sydn-y * Way Ports. ..iJan. 11
Nevadan Honolulu & Kahului. . . (Jan. 11
Rainier Seattle A- Whatcom. .. .Man. 11
Alliance Portland & Vt'Hy Porte. IJan. 12
Mera Hamburg tz Way Pts.jJan. 13
Colon i New York via Panama) Jan. 13
Oty Puebla. ..! Puget Sound Ports '.Jan. 13
Bonita j Newport & Way Port?. IJan. 13
P. Monlra . . . . I Grays Harbor 'Jan. 14
Columbia 'Portland &¦ Astoria '.TRn. 15
P. Rsrbara I Seattie & Olympia ....'Jan. IS
~~ TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. I Sails.! Pier.
January 6. I !
Noyo Humboldt I 4 pm|Pier 2
Rival Willapa Harbor ..! 4 pm' Pier 20
Meriposa... Tahiti direct ,11 amJPier 7
Umatilla...' Pus<>t Pound Ports. Ill amiPicr 3
January 7. I !
Sequoia '¦ Grsys Harbor ! 4 pm' Pier 20
Q. Lindauer A«orla fc Portland! iPirr —
Porr.o I Pt. Arena ft Albloni 6 pmlPicr 2
PtnteCal.. San Di»go t Way. 9 am^Pier Tl
Siberia China & .rapan 1 pm|Pi»r 4't
CuT-cao Mexican Ports 10 amiPier 11
J. Dollar Seattle St Tacoma.| 5 pmlPijr "0
January 8. I i
Chehalis... Grays Harbor ' .*? pm'Pier 2
Coiora Humboldt [1:50/ pi Pi Jr 'J
Bot'ta Xewpcrt It I) am! Pier '1
CrlU'.i.b'.a.. Astoria & Portland 11 amjPier 24
Jaauarr 3* 1 !
Iaqua Humboldt I 2 pm'Pier 2
Newburg... Grays Harbor I 4 pm'Pier 10
Centralla'. . . Grays Harbor ....! 4 pmiPier 10
San Pedro.. HumboSdt j 4 pmiPier 2
Eureka Humboldt ¦ I 9 amlPier 13
Arcata j Coos B-Pt. Orford;i2 mjPier 13
rt. Arena..) Ft. Arer.a & Mdcno! 4 pm'Pier 2
Elirateth.. Coquille River 11 amiPier 20
p t: ti N. Y. via Panama. !12 m!Pler 40
Alameda... Honolulu ,...!ll amiPier 7
January 10. I
S. Rosa San Dleito & Way. I 9 am' Pier 11
I January 11. I |
Queen . ..' r"Jget Sound Ports. Ill amiPier 9
Pomona....' Humboldt 'l:30p!Pier 9
January 12. I !
Coos Bay... Pedro & Way.l fl am'Pier 11
North Fork i Hurr.boldt '12 m!pier 20
January 13. | \
G. W. Eider Aftoria &. Portland II amiPier 24
January 14. I I
CcntennieJ. Seattle <fc Tacoma.. 10 am Pier 20
Rainier f s-attl» /t Whatcon-.i 4 pmlPirr JO
Chico i Coquillc River I 5 pm!Pler< 2
January IS. | |
Coptic ..: China &. Japan [ 1 pmiPier 40
Serbia Hamburg A Way.l 2 pm'Pier 19
January 16. I I
£ar. Juan.. : N. T. > ia. Panama. 12 miPier 40
City Puehla Puget Sound Ports.Jll amiPier 9
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. For. I Sails.
Faxallon Skagway *¦. Way Ports. IJan. «
Vclencia Skagway *-. Way Ports. I Jan. S
Dolphin t -Skagway & Way Port-«.|.Ian. 9
Bertha : Cooks Inlet &¦ Way Pts.jJan. 10
Al-Ki j Skegway & Way Ports.tjan. 10
Santa Ana... ! Cooks Inlet & Way Pts.lJan. 16
Ex-dividend yesterday: Onomea Sugar Com
pany, regular monthly, 40c per share,, amount
ins to $20,000: Pacific Liehtinj Company, reg
ular monthly.- 35c per share on the capital
stock, amounting; to $14,000; Chutes Company.
5c, or $3000.
The regular annual meeting* of the stock
holders of th? Fireman's* Fund Insurance Com
pany has been called for January 19.
The annual meeting of the - stockholders of
the Masonic Hall Association has been called
for January 11. • . .
The regular annual meeting of the stock
holders of the Giant Powder Company Consoli
dated has been called for January 27. ,
Universal Oil Mining Company of San Fran
cisco, with clitlms in Kern County, has levied
assessment No. 4 of Ijc per . share on the
capital stock, delinquent January 29.
Thf «tatement that the Orpheum Company
had declared an extra dividend of 25c per share
was incorrec*. /
On v the Bond Exchans; California" TVine ad
vanced to. $93 00. Alaska . Packers continued
to decline on the morning session. Belling down
to $130 25. but recovered to $137 In the after
nooD. Otherwise there was nothing new> on
the Bend Exchange. The oil stocks continued
very dull. ,
There was renewed activity in mining stocks,
with Ophir still higher, selling: up to $4 25.
The Gould & Curry- MininK Company has
levied an assessment of 10c. .
Holds Board of Supervisors
Acted Withoii> Authority of
the Charter or Other Law
. Tb« ruMom-houiw- officers yeeterday carar
etrnss *h«t they believ to be a crewpome rvi
ooncf of Oiincs» thrift. In onf of the boxes
of - shipment of miw.^Ilenrous merchandise,
cenricned to C D. Bunker of tliis cUy. they
<li¥ccvere<i m crillcciion of beneo, which the
«nat<>niirsl evrrtK in hardlini: freight
¦ •n HiTaijTVR> whsrf rr^n.iunced human. Eac'n
brn«- »«s careful^' nunil^rp'l in blr.tk figure}-.
Ifce r"<~><ar<* can.f from Knyrnada on thr
ktcam«r •¦macao. That manifest shows
no wSsipmeut of bonca and thr Ft»-8infhip of
flciiils »h*rV: the rrraains are the '•ompiT'nt
*r*rts of th*- Fkeletcn of «oiti» defunct Olestlal
wbut friiris are tryint to gf( the remains
b»> k tn China *t frrisbt ratri» insfad «f r»>
ine *}>*• ras*ap» money exacted f«r ?urh ship
tn?nif: < '. T>. Burktr <lis<-lBlni¥ all knonled*-
nf thr shinrrTit »ri'j the hones will b? taken
m-iVvirK* »•> the local cu! ! t<-.m-li«ui!^ and h«?M
ur.tfl •=«--mc :at:sfactor>' explanation .is forth-
CtlT.lRI. - , :*_-. '.
Hold Up f Jox of Bones.
. M:.-j An«lier .¦?, S. II. Rri<k«r. M;ss Brwnr!!,
Mr. BoWlec, Mr. Hlfwnn.TiiFt. Mr. Burton. M.
•'lifton. Mr5. d^ B<j|t. Mtrs EbhettJi. Miss
Fcr^s lUanevi rmnuis. Lieutenant 4."omman«l?r
•K P. OnM, Boston. IT. 8. N*.; A. II. H"
son. B A. Has*. Mi?^ Mirkstrin. William .Tar
rrtl. H. J. J"hiiF-jn. S. II. K;iot1»s, army
<lerk; Mi«s Keller. Mr. KuiglT. Mrs. Ed K«i
.<-*r. Mr. L'w!«. Mr. Lombard. Mrs. J. J. Ito-
I>enal4 «n<l U. Morris und wife. Mrs.
MoN-rK nnd rcn. K. Xen'ftomcr, J. Neil and
¦wife. Ed N«il. V. K. T'-rkins, 1'. S. N. : Mr.
p-drtio. rt. P. 3~~r}, Kentucky, V. ?. N.: l>r.
L. F. ThAmpFTn: C I'. Tliurst^n. Mr. Traverse,
<¦. V»n DrtL TV. W. V.hit". L\ S. N.; Mr.
Mr. Wonder.
• Captain Uo'-vdHI reports that on Jan
uary 2, at 4:10 p. m.. in latitude 33.30
north, k-ngitude 135 west, the Alamoda
paF5«~d a tree ptandins; upritrht from
twenty to twenty-five feet out of the
w8t»r.
Th<^ .Alam^da's passengers included
th«^ followlris named:
The Oceanic Steamship Company's
liner Alameda, Captain Thomas Dow
«M1. arrived yesterday from Honolulu
with a large cargo and nearly 200 pas
sengers. Among the latter were a
number of navy officers from Admiral
Brans' flett. The N'eil Company, which
has been playing at the island capital,
returned «>n the liner. In the steerage
the Alameda brought up 103 Japanese.
According to the returning navy of
lioejs in? fl^ct was to divide after
leaving Honolulu, the cruisers under
Admiral (.'coper going with all speed
to Midway Irland f>>r cable orders, and
th-; battleships, under Admiral Evans
to' a rendezvous not divulged U- shore
folks, but whence the cruisers will pro
ceed from Midway with the latest news
ff xhf war f?ituation for the information
and cuidance of Admiral Evans.
Amcns the navy officers who came
t-r'>m Honolulu <>n the Alameda were
I-ieufnant Ccmmarders K. D. Grant
and TV. TV. White, Paymaster F. K.
PerkinF, who is a son of the Senator
from this Statp, and Boatswains A. H.
Hew^on and R. P. Perl. A number of
sick ja»~ki<'*; also came home for treat
ment at th~ Mai° Island Hospital.
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
Movements or Steamers.
Sheridan, from Manila, for San Francisco;
btmr Sonoma, from Sydney.
Arrived Jan 5 — Jap stmr Nippon Maru,
hence Dec 30.
KASTERN TORT.
NEW YORK— Arrived Jan S— Stmr Yucatan,
frcm Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS.
ALGIERS— Passed Jan 1'— Br stmr Indra
wadl, from New York,- for Manila.
SAX BKNI TO— Sailed Jan &— Ger stmr
Mera, for San Francisco.'
GUATEMALA— Sailed Jan 4— Ger stmr Ni
ceria. for Hamburg.
VICTORIA. B C— Arrived Jan 5— Br stmr
Empress of Japan, from Hongkong, via Yoko
hama: Br stmr Pcleu«, from Hongkong, via
Mororan.
STANLEY, F I— Sailed— Br shir Thirlmere,
for Port Iios Angeles. ,
BRISBANE— Sailed Dec 3<>-Br stmr Aoran
gi. for Vancouver.
GIBRALTAR— Parsed Jan 4— U S stmr Kil
patrick. fmm New York, for Manila.
DL'NGENESS — Passed Jan 4— Fr ship
Duchesse de Berry, hence Aug' 28, for Ant
•werp.
LIZARD — Passed Jan 2 — Supposed Br bark
Grasmere. from Eureka, for London.
VALPARAISO — Sailed Jan 2— Ger stmr Anu
bis, for San Francisco.
ADELAIDE— Arrived Jan 4— Bktn Aurora,
from Puffet Sound.
SYDNEY — Arrived prior to Jan R— Stmr
Ventura, from San Francisco, via Honolulu
and Auckland.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Jan 3 — Stmr Sardinia,
from Genoa; ctmr Ivernla, from Liverpool.
Palled Jan iV— Stmr Kronprinz Wilhelm, for
Plymouth; stmr Ho'ienzollern, for Genoa and
Naples; jrtmr Prins Ockar, for Naples and
Genoa.
Arrived Jan 5 — Stmr Ivernla, £rom\Llver
pool. _ /
GLASGOW— Arrlvld J 3 n 5— Stmr Corinth
ian, from New York; «tmr Sardinian, from
Boston.
LONDON— Arrived Jan .">— Stmr Minneapolis,
from New York.
•ANTWERP— Arrived Jan 5— Stmr Z»e!and,
from New York.
MARSEILLES— Arrived Jan {»— Stmr Vic
toria, from New York.
GENOA— Sailed Jan .%— Stmr Lombardia, for
New York.
STOCK MARKET.
THEY ARE OBSTRUCTIONS
Oceanic Company's Steamship Arrives From Honolulu With Nearly
200 Passengers, Among Them the Members of the Neil Com
pany—Captain Dowdell Reports Passing a Big Tree at Sea
Judge Scawcli Decides That
Planting; of Palms on City
Hall Avenue Is Xot Lawful
EASTERN
Corn, ctls 1,100|
WASHINGTON,
riour. qr sks.. 500| Bran, eks 3. MO
Bran, sks 1.2S0iWine srals .... 16.0H0
Middlings, ska.. 122 Sugar -ctls ..... ?3O
Hay. tons S69 Lime, bbls -....' 1S2
Wool, bales .... ... 1 Paper, reams... 635
Screenings, sks. 2C0|
OREGON".
Flour, qr sks .. 5,S«S Onions sks •....' 144
Oats, ctls 831) Middlings, sks.. 1,120
Totatoes. sks .. 1.010 ¦ ¦ ' -
; . : : . Mining Stocks. ) -I
SAN. FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were »>~" salra on the San Fran
cisco Stock -and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
BW Alpha Ill 100 Mexican I 85
100 Belcher £-33 lOOOphir... 100
100 Caledonia ... l>5> ICO Overman 2«
20O Chollai* . . 26 100O Savage 53
4CO Con C ** Va.l 40 120O Sierra Nev .. 7»»
500 Con NY 11 «*> l-nlon Con .. 74
IW Oould & Cur. 51 600 ITnion Con . . 7.1
200 Justice w 1000 Utah 15
700 Mexican 1 00 2C0 Yellow Jacket 23
Afternoon Session.
200 Alpha 11 150 Ophir 4 2.'.
500 Belcher 3-.' lOOOphir 4 2O
10CO Bullion 12 10i> Overman 27
100 Caledonia ... !>3 100 Potosi 23
500 Cholla# 27 RO Savage '...... 55
700 Con C 4: Va.l 45 100 Sierra Nev 7-":
300 Exchequer . . . 1» 2CO Sierra N«v . . 74
200 Hale & Norc. 76 10O Sliver Hill ' fit
100 Hale & Norc. 77 raw Inlon Con . '. 77
300 Mexican 195 200 Utah IS
200 Mexican .....l 90
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday :
500 Alpha Con .. 101 300 Mexican ..1 R7*i
400 Andes 25; '."CO Ophir ...'... . .?. 85
100 Belcher 34 1 200 Ophir 3 9<»
100 Bullion 11! 400 Ophir 4 CO
2W Caledonia ... 05 200 Ophir 4 lo
300 Caledonia ... 961 200 Ophir 4 0T»
500 Chollar 24! 200 foto*I 23
, 700 Chollar 25| 200 Sierra N*v .. H5 I
100 Con- C & Va.1 401 J>CO Silver Hill .. fit j
400 Con C & Va.l 4.V !WV) Silver Hill .. «»
600 Con NY 12 100 Union Con .. 74 I
100 Crown Point.. 23 400. Union Con .. 75 1
30O Gould & Cur. 50 500 Union Con . . 77 !
300 Gould & Cur. 4S SOO Un'on Con . . 76 I
122 Mexlcf »n 1 "0 100 Yellow .Taek-t 29
600 Mexican 1 90 100 Yellow Jacket 30
150 Mexican 1 S5
Afternoon Session.
SOO Alpha Con .. Ill 500 Overman 26
300 Andes 26i 90 Overman 20
100 Ande 25' 500 Potosi 23
100 Bullion llj r.00 Potosi ' 2S
100 Caledonia ... 37 j 100 Savage M
.300 Challenge Con :a>i nOO S»k Belcher.. 12
200 Con C * V.I 42'i! 100 Sierra Nev .. 73
200 Con C &. Va.l 45 200 Sierra Nev .. 74
-20O Confidence ... 90 500 Silver Hill .. «W>
7PO Crown Point.. 25 20O Union Con .. 73
lOOOphir. 4 10 10O Utah 17
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session. ;
100 Mont Ton ...I 20 227 Mont Ton ...1 15 1
SOO Mont Ton ..1 17«i 100 Mont Ton ..1 22»i I
500 Mont Ton ...1 20 .152 Mont Ton ...1 15 i
300 Mont Ton ...1 25 1<K»> Rescue 07 J
Afternoon Session.
2300 Esperanza .. 01| 300 Mont Ton..l 17tf
CLOSING QUOTATIONS. I
TUESDAY. Jan. &— 4 p. m. '
Bid..Vsk.| % Bid. Ajsk.
Alpha 10 lliJustic? US 14 1
Alta m OS K'ntuck m OS I
Andes 25 28 Key^a Graes. — I 75 |
Belcher 32 ."4!l.ad.v Wash.. — CS J
Best & Beich.2 2"> 2 oO! Mexican 1 °O 1 n.'i i
Bullion 11 12 Occidental . . . .'.7 CO i
Caledonia ... 9."> 9«lOphlr 4 05 4 10
Challenge Con 2J> SO Overman 27 2*
Chollar "« 2!)l Potosi 2% 27
Confidence- ... 9S 1 00, Savage M RX
Con,C & Va.l 45 1 5<>j Scorpion OG 05 I
Con Imperial, o:: r5',Sfg Belcher.. 12 IS
Con- NY 10 11 Sierra Nev .. 74 75
Crown Point. 23 25 Silver Hill . . «l «2
Eureka Con.. — BO St Louis 12 IK
Exchequer .. IS 20 Syndicate <U i:S
Gould & Cur. 46 47 Union Con ..76 77
Kale & Norc. 77 80 Utah 17 IS
Julia v ..-04 OC; Yellow Jacket 32 33
TONOPAH MINES.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask. J
Esperanza ... — 01 Ton Belmont.. 60 70 !
MacNamara . tiO 14 Ton & Cal... — 23 j
Mont Ton..l 17>-i 1 20 Ton of Nev.. — 6 25
Paymaster ... 08 10 Ton N Star.". 33 —
Ray & OBrien — 10 Ton Midway.. 42 4*
Rescue ...... • 05 C7 United Ton .. — 12 i
Continued From Page Thirteen.
COURT ORDERS
TREES REMOVED
OFFICERS FROM APMIRAL EVANS' FLEET
RETURN HOME ON THE LINER ALAMEDA
COMMERGIA|;.fE\¥S
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY: JANUARY 6, 1904.
12
j EAHWAY TSAVEL ;
I SbUTHiRN, P ACiFI C
Train* leave ami »re <lue to arrl ve as
¦ SAX FKASCWCO.
<M»ln Lino. >oot of Market Street >
'i.m, '^TTintt DeckmiukVO. 1*»- — *«»' T "
" 7.00a v»c»rlile. W later*. Uuiu»«y... 7 -Bar
7 JO* Benlo!*. SuUnu. Eliaira aud Sacra-
meou> i—." -«•*»'
7.30a Vatteju. Vapa,' CalUtojr*. SaaU
l£.)*«. Martinez, S«n Ramon 9ar
7.30a Ntle». Ltrermore. Tracy. L»tnrop. _
StQck:on .. kz'YV •
8.00a Shinta Exi>re»»— (Vl% Da«l»>.
wmi»m« «lor Banlttt Sprlnif).
TVIitrtWi. trruto. Red Bluff.
Purt'anJ. Ticomi. Seattle f.»»r
S00 A Onvt« \Voo.t:«n.1. KnU:it» L» nt:n?. ' '
MarjiilHe. Orof lilts »-- /¦»» p
8-33a Port Cuitn. MartlBfi. Aotlocn.
Byron. Tracy. Stockton. Xetr-
i- maa. Lfls U»nos. M e n <1 o t *,
Armon*. Uanfurt. Vlialla,
rortertllle •• ¦ ••* 3 *
8-33* Ton Cottc. >hrtl«e*. Tracy. Law-
rop. Modeato. Merced. Fresno.
C.nahen Junotloa. Hanford. __
Vlsulla. IJakersfteld 4.S5T
830* Nile*. S»n -lo»e.IJ*ermore. Stock-
ton. (+M!ltoTi). lone. Sacramento.
Plscervtilu. M«ry»Tt!!e. Cbico,
Hod BluT * «•»'
8 30* Otkda'.e. Chlaeie. Jame«towa. So-
nnra. Tno'.iimne and Acireli f "5?
9 00» Atlantic Espre*»—Oifden!»a<lEMC. 11.ZJ*
9.30a Rlchm«.'n«l. Msrtincx and Way
Statfnn* ¦¦¦¦¦• • 05P
10 00* The Overland Limited — C'grlen.
Deorer. Oaiih.. Chicaco A&Z
1000a Vallejo 122a*
10.00a Lo» Abs»>» P»«enitrr — Port
Co«ta. Murtlnex, Byroa. Tracy.
: Lathrop. Stockton. Merced.
' Rnyraoad. Freiao. Goehen Jnn«-
tton. Hnaford, Lensoor-. Vlialla.
| B«ki»rsflel4. Lot AnselM 7 23?
12.08* H»yward. Nll«!» ini Way Satlonf. 325^
t'OOr SacmmeBtoBlTer Stetmers til.OQ*
; |.30p Be>B!c!», Winter*. Sacramento.
i TO»o4!iin4. Ka!zat* LaadtOf.
I - - Maryivllle. Ororllle aai way
I . «tatfoat
! t.SQr nayw»rd.VlleianaTTay Stattoai.. 75a»
I 3.30p Fort Coit«, Msrtinex. Bjron,
Trsey. Ltthrop. Modesto. -
Merced, Frew© and Way Sta-
t!on» beyoad Port Co«ta 12-Z5*
3.30p M«rvlae«. Tracy. Stocksoa. Lodl... 10.2Sa
4.00r Marltnes.S«nU.iTC«B.VaUeJo.Xa?a,
CalUtaga. Santk Rosa 925a
4 OOp Ni:es. Traer. Stockton. Lodl 4 .25?
4 30? Hsywani. NJlet. lrrlnston. Saa i tl.65a
Jo*e. I.lvermore I {11.55a
SCOp The Owl Limited— Kewmaa. Lo*
Ktno*. Mendota.Tretna. Taltrs.
BakersSeld.LotAnfeles.
Golden state- Limited Sleeper.
o»k'»a<1 to Los Angeles, for Chi-
; Ctp.v:»C.R.I. *P «»»*
> 600r Port Costa. Tracy. Stoektoa 1 2? 5< *
tBiCr Hayward, Nl!es and San Jose 7254.
" 6 03!" fl »y ward. Ntles and S«n Jote 3 SaA
6 COr E*i»tfra EUpress— Ojtdea. DenTer.
Oratba. St. Loali. Chicago aad
F.tst. Tort Costa. Beaicia. Bnl-
I sun. Kim'.r*. Daxti. Sacramento,
Itoekltn. Anbnra, Colfax.
Trm:k(»e. Bnca. Reao. Wad»-
wprta, Wfanemacca - 8-2SF
: S 03- Vallejo. datlv. *xeept Sunday t 7 ¦••
700p Tal'.ejo, Snaday oniy t '
; 7.00r hlehmond. efan Pablo. Port Costa.
Martinez tad Way Stations 11-25*
i §C5r Oregon A California Eipreit— 8se-
! rasaeato. Marytvltle. Reddtnc. -
I Portland. Paget Sound and Eaat. I.33A
t.lOP Haywtrd. UHea and Ban Jose (Sun-
I aar«niy> •¦ 11-W*i
t COAST LIN E (- harrow Maaa*}.
I (foot or Maritft Street.) _
! 1.15a Kewtirk. CemerTtlle. Saa Jose,
Keltoa. Boulir»r Creek. Santa
Crni and Way Stations S-55*
I 12.1 5p KewarV. Centerrtlle, San Jot«.
New Alrnaden. Los Gatos, Felton. <J
Boalder Cr^ek. Santa Crna and
Prlactpol Way Stations t!8-SSA
4.15r Kewark. SanJese, LosGatos and ? tS.SS*
• way station* >i10 53*
I «9 30p Bnaters Train. Saturday «nty. Ssn
Jose and Way Stations. Retnrn-
Ing from Los Gatns Sand* y only. t7 23*
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN KUANCISCO. Foot of Market St. <3!I?O
-t1:15 »:!;« 11:00 A.M. 100 3 00 616 P.B
(root OAKLAND. Foot •* Broadway — t»:0O t3:«
t^: 05 _10:00 a.m. 12 00 200 4 00 r.M.
COAST LINE <Uroa< «««ite>.
[ ITfT (Third un<t fownsend Streets.)
6-10* Saa Jose and Way Stations 6-30?
7 00a Ssn Jo«e and W»y Stations 533'
8. 00a New Almnden (Tue»., Frld., only). 4.10'
8 00a Thft Ceaster— Stops only dan Jose.
Gilroy i&mnectlon for HolIIa-
; ter). Pajaro. Castrovtile (con-
Dwtlon to and from Moaterey
and Pacific GroTe). Saltnaa. Saa. -
Arrfo, Psio Boblts. Santa Mar-
garita, San Lais Obltpo, principal
stations thence Sort 'connection
. for Lompoc >, principal stations
1 thence Santa Barbara.SanBaena-
ventnra, Sauxus. Los ADgeles... 10.4S*
i CCOa 8sd Jose. Tres Plaos. Capttols,
: r SaataCraz.Pact9cGroTe.Saltnas.
San Lais Oblspo and Principal
Way Stations 4.10»
[ 10.30a Ban Jose and Way Stations 1.20?
¦„ 1130a Santa Ciara. San Jote, Los Gatoi
and Way Stations T.sOp
; 1-30P San Jose and Way Stations 8 j3a
' 2X0' Del Monte Kzpress— Santa Clara.
' — 8»n Jo">. Del .Mont'. Meaterey.
Paclfle GroTe (connects at Santa
Clara for Santa Cruz. Boulder
deek and Narrow Gauge Points)
at " Gilroy for HoIHster. Tret
Pines. at'CtstroTine for Salinas. 12-Hp
3Mp Tres Plnos Way Passenger — v ... 10.4%4
430f fan Jose and Way Stations *3.00a
tSOOr Saa Jose. (Tla Santa Clara) Lot
Gatos. and Principal Way Sta-
tions (except Sunday) r9.00a
Sfc ZQr EsnJoseandrrinclpalVTay Stations 59 40a
S.tOr Bacset Limited.— Redwood. San
Jose, Gllroy.Sallnn«,Pas« Koblea.
tan Lnls Obiipo. Santa Barbara.
Los Angeles. Deminsr. Kl Paso.
New Orleans. New York. Con-
nects at P»J»ro for Santa Cms
aaa tt CaatroTilln for Pacifle
Groreand Way Stations... 7-194
?* -15p EanMate«,Bereaford. Belmont. Saa
Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oaks.
MenloPtrk. Pa!»Alto t$.4«i
• ?0r Ssn Jote and Way SUtlons .,: 8.38a
8 OOt P«'» Alto and Wty Startont 10.15a
11 .30' south atnFraneitco, Mlllbrae, Bar-
lloeame. Saa Mateo. Belmont,
San Curios. Rsdwood. P«ir Oaks,
Mealn Park, aad P«i«A!» ».43>
«11-30r Maj-field, Mennuln View. Sana y-
Tale, Lawrence, Santa Clara and
I San Jote v . t>-45l
1 A for Morniap P for Afternoon.
1 1 Eanday exeeptcd. t Bmday only.
1 a 8atarday only.
! I Stopa at all stattoaa on Sunday. v •
ts>* Only traint stopping at Valencia St. sonthiwaai
. •r>'6:ti)A.M.,T:00*.M., I1:30a.w.,4:3Dp.ii^«:»p.m. a*
t^iO P.M. I ¦ ¦ -¦
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. Ca
T-.ESSE3EJ
SAN FRANCISUO ANu NURTH PACIFIC
BAILWAT COMPAITT. .
Tlouroa rerxy, root of acarkat StzaaU
SAN rSAHCISCO TO SAW MAXAJIJt.
WEEK DATS— 7:3O, 9:00. ll:0O a. m.; 12:3iT
3:30. 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Eixtra. txis
at 11:30 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDATS— 8:00. 8:30. ll:0O a, m.; 1:30,
3:30. 5:00 8:20, 11:30 p. m.
SAN KAFAEL TO SA2C FXAITCXSCO.
WEEK DAYS— ft:05. 7:33 J:5O 8:20. U:l» •
a. ra.: 12:50. 3:40. 5:00. 5:20 p. tn. .
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:05 aad 9:35 p. ra.
SUNDATS— 8:00. 9:40. 11:15 a. m.: 1:40. 3:49.
j 4:55. 5:C5. 8:25 p. m. . . •
Leave J In Effect J ArrlT*
San Francisco. I Sept. 27. 1903. (San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I Deetlna- I 8un- I AVeek .
Days. I days. | tlon. | days. | Days.
T:30a 8:00a ' ~~~ ~ 9:iaa S:4Os>
9:30 a Isnacia 10:40 a 10:24 »
3:30 p 3:30 p «:05 p 8:30 9
B:10p 5:0Op 7:33p
7:30a ' ~~ 9:10a 8:40a
8:0O a NoTato. 10:4O a 10:20 a>
3:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma «:0S p «:20 9
5:10 p 3:30 p - and 7:33 p ; <<•'
5:00 p Santa Rot*. .
7:20 a] ~~~ 10:40 a 10:20 a
|S:0Oa Fulton. 7:33 P C:20»
3:30 pi 3 :3ft p ' s
¦Windsor.
7:30 a 8:00 a Healdsburt;. 10:40 a 10:20.
Lytton.
3:30 p 3:"0p Geyservtlle. 7:33 p fl:20 »
Cloverdale. .•.»,.-
7:30 al 8:00 al • Kopland. 110:40 a|10:2O a>
3:30 pi 3:SOp| ¦ and Uklah | 7:35 p| 8:C0 p
7:30a| 3:00 al -WJllKs. | 7:35 p) 8:2oV
7 :30 al 8:0Oa| , . ~- . • , 110:40 a!10:2O a
3:30 p| 3:30 p| Guernevllle. | 7 :33 p| «;2o -j>
7:30 al S:CO al Sonoma! I 9:10 al 8-40^
5:10 p| 5:00 p| Glen Ellen. • | g:03 p[ 8:2Oj
"7:30 al S :00 a I . |10.:40allO:3oV
3:3Qp| 3:30p| Sebaatopol. |7:35p| 9:^t 9
STAGES connect at Green Bra* for sTn
Quenttn: at Santa Rosa, for Whit- Sulphur
Sprlnss: at Fulton for Altrurla and-Mark West
Springs; at Lytton. for Lyiton Springs- at Gey
serville. tor Skas;s9 Sprtnga; at C!ov er <!al« tar
the Geysers. Boonevtlle and Greenwood- «»
Hopland for Duncan Springs. ITIshlar.d Spr'n-V
Kelseyville. Carlsbad SprtnjTV Soda Bay Law."
port and Eartlett Springs; at Ukiah for ViehJ
Springs. Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes rV,,-Li
Dell Lake. Witter Sprlnfra Upper L* k< ; jK2»
Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside. L4, r ,S?-
Buckneirs Sanh^Jrin Heights.- HuUvi!i 8 o^f:
Hot Springs. Halfway House. Comptche*Cam«
Stevens. Hor.kir.s. Mendocino City FortBraw
West pert. .Uial: at Wl lilts for Port B»/,
Westport. Sherwood. Cahto. Covello, LaVtoTT
vUle. Cummlngs. Bell's Springs. Harris o]l
ten's. Dyer. GarbervllU. Pepperwood s'coVi^
and Eureka.' % - V^ <>cou*
Saturday to Sunday round-trip tickets at r-
duced rates. » ".-¦,-••..
On Sunday round- triD t'eketa to all tvoln-.
beyond San Rafael at half rates ""•».»
Ticket offices. COO Market street, ChronleU
butldlns. , «iuw»
H. C. WHlTTXr. / n. X. RTA.N.
C,rn. Manager Cm P a «a A»f
The Weekly CiS,
f- 61 per Vcaj%
: [PUCE YOUR ORDERS EARLY^|
IT?? 2 Oth CENTURYl
T COOK BOOK
Another shipment will
- arrive abont January 21,
1904.
In order to satisfy the
demand .for this premium
, we have ordered another
carload . of these books,
and all persons sending to
The Cook Book "Depart-
, mcnt of this paper a six
months' -subscription -to
The Daily and Sunday
¦ Call may secure one of the
Twentieth Century Cook
Books at the premium
rate of 50c.
I. Out-flMawr, subscribers shooM remit ;
20c addifiiml ia prepay irtntpsriition !
cbirge:. , , ]
BAILWAY. TBAVEL.
CALIFORNIA
LIMITED TO CHICAGO
LEAVES DAILY
at J>:3O a. m., throag-h In 3 day*,
with dtaer and all trapping.
..Other Santa re Trains:
7:30 a. m. V for Stockton, Fresno. Bakerafleld.
•'•™ l m - f Merced, Hanford and Visaila.
8:OO p. ra. )
4:00 p. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p m. for Kansas CUy, Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
TICKET V OrriCE—G41 Market St., and
Terry Depot, S. r. . Al«o 1113 Broad-
way. Oakland. Cal. 27 South First
'St.. San Jo«>. : - • • ¦ •'•¦•"
BTOSANRAFAEL,
ROSS VALLEY/
MILL VALLEY,
'GAZADERO, Eta
: via Sauaallto rerry.
' Suburban Sei vice. Standard Uaug* Electric—
Depart -irom. San Frafldsco JDaily-T:^ 8:0O.
U:v0 10:00. 11:00 a. m.. ¦¦12:-'O. 1:45. 3:15. 4;t5.
i : l5 6-15 7:00- 8:».-.10:W»; 11:45 p. m. -
'PROM SAN KAFAEL TO SAX FRANCISCO
-JruttS— 5^2* -«:35 7:40.- 8:35. »:C5. 11:03 a.
m.7 12:20. Iil5 2:55. 3:45.. 4:45. 6:45. «:45.
* : k 5 ROM" MfiL 1 ' VALLET TO SAN KRAN-
ClSCO--Dally-5:45. 6:3.\ 7:52. S:55. 9:53.
fl-OaT m. 12:35 2:00. 3:15. 4:C3. 8:05. 6:03.
• 7: 05. 0:00. ;iO^» LTOAISg
8-00 a m dally — Cazadero and •way stations.
. tt'15 pi ml' week days (Saturdays ezcepte<> —
lomales and way atatlona.
3:15 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way «ta-
tl< S°undayi only— 10 t. m.. Point r.eyes aad
way- stations.
•nCKET OFFICE— 626 Market «t. .
FTSRRY— Union Depot, foot of Market st.
Wt, Tamalpais Railway
'• -Leave '. tia Snnlita Trry '¦ Arrive
Saa Frandsco t-i «f Mart* H San Francfaco
Week Snn- ¦'"--WBt, ! - Son- Wec<
Pays, days' JftGffiSmpL days Days.
*1IH1*8:00a ffi^W^Sa 12:0&,f6?46i
•1:45p ¦ 9:00a rato£|^ l:2»p «:»,»?
5:15r 1O:OOa *:50r ft:.M).
» I1:OO A \SaSsr 4:ftOr«:SOf
l:45r 6:3»r
¦¦...¦..¦¦ -3:l&r '^Gr • ¦ T:5Op ...i_»
. >hni«twiartmi > ¦ ttfm tU VWn h^ - •
TICI8T I j t» Maxkkt St..( North Shore Railroad*
OfTICD f and Savsauto Fu.it. Foot Market SlWeather Report.
(120th Meridian.— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 5—5 p. ra.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date zr compared witlj those of same date last
eeascn and rainfall in !,»• twenty-fcur hours:
Last This Last
Stations — 24 hours. S«ason. Season.
Eureka C^> 18.53 22.00
Red Bluff CO 12.59 13.51
Sacramento • 00.' 4.82 6.71
San Franc'.sco 0a* 6.20 6.15
Fresno 00 O.ftO 3.31
Independence CO 0.42 0.83
flan Luis Obl!»po .00 I 0.82 ' 5.00
Los Angeles 00 ' 0.43 4.97
San Diego CO 0.40 C.09
THE COAST RECORD.
~~S S 2 s i
. I 35 11 *l 11 5
STATIONS. 7 5 g 2 2 =§ ?"* - »
:-:f.j £ < : . §
Baker .......30.54 28 16 S Clear !oO
C Arrr yn 30.48 .14 22 NE Clear Tr
Kureka 30.40 48-38 N Clear .00
Fa'allon 30.30- 62 * 50' NW Clear ¦ .O0
Freeno 30. SO 54 32 N Qfir .00
I-*a«rsiaff SO.O8 36 08 W . Cloudy .Ort
Por-ateUo 30.40 26 22 SW Cloudy .09
Point Reye*... 30.26 .64 40 NW. Clear .CO
Independence .30.28 44 20 NW ; Clear. ..00
Lo« Angeles.. SO. 12 €4 44 SW Clear .00
Mt Tamalpals.-5O.24 46 34 N [ Clear .CO
North Head -.30. 4« 42 39 SE Cloudy \04
Phoenix 30.00 60 SO . W ' Pt .Cldy .00
Portland 30.52 42 40 SE Clo-Jdy Tr.
Red Bluff 30.40 54 MS Clear : .00
Rwburg 30.52, 46 36; NW Cloudy .O4
Kacrmmento ..3O.3O 52 40 • NW Clear .00
Ealt Lake 30.34 56 20 N Cloudy .30
Sar. Franclsco.H0.S4 56 Vi N Clear .00
F. L. Oblppo.. 30.22 &S " 44 N Clear .00
Ban Diego.... 30.C8 62 44 NW Clear .CO
Seattle 30.52 42 3S SE Cloudy .00
Spokane 3O.5O 32 24' S Cloudy .V2
Tatooah 30.3S 42 4O . SE . Rain .01
! Walla Walla:. 30.50 42 20 S Cloudy .00
Wlnnemucca .30.50 34 20 W Clear .00
Turns 30.10 04 38 N Clear. .00
f WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
An area of high pressure overlies the Pa
ciflc slope and hae been attended by clear, cold
weather throughout California. Brisk north
erly winds prevail along the coast and In. the
Frreat valleys. Some dust storms are reported
in the southern portion of the State. . -
Snow has fallen In Utah and the weather
is cloudy in Arizona, but in California, Ne
vada and Oregon there has betn no rain.
Heavy, frosts may be expected Wednesday
nacrntng generally throughout California. Or-
I ange and lemon growers In the south should
j be ready to fire if the wind lulls. -
Forecast made at San Francisco for .thirty
hours ending midnight January O. 1904: . '
Northern • California — Fair Wednesday;. light
north wind; heavy, frott In morning.
Southern California — Fair Wednesday; heavy
frosts if the wind lulls; brisk north wind
diminishing; citrus fruit growers " should bt
ready tosroudsreu . :
< Nevada — Fair Wednesday, continuing cold.
San Francieco and vicinity — Fair Wednes
day. I lent northerly winds; light frosta in the
mornlnr. . - - A.-O. McADIE.
District Forecaster.
As usual on Tuesday the receipts of Loa An-.
geles vegetables were light and offerings con
sisted chlody of ¦ carrfed-over stock. Peas-con
tinued weak owing to the abundance of ' oil
and poor stock. Choice-lots of String and Wax
Beans met with prompt sale at good prices,
while old and poor stock was hard to dispose
of. even below the quotations. Strictly fancy
Tomatoes' were scarce and cleaned up quickly
at .an advance. " Tbe other vegetables had no
quotable change. ¦
POTATOES— Burba nks from the river. CO©
80c per ctl; Salinas Burbanks. 91 "-'Sftjl 40 per
i ctl: Oregon Burbanks. 00c@$l 10 per ctl: Riv«r
Reds 50£U0c per ctl; {Jarnet Chiles. $1@1 10
per ctl; Sweet Potatoes. $1 60<gl 73 per ctl.
OXIONS—SI 3<X5pl 35 per ctl.
VEGETABLES — Green Peas, SigCc per lb;
String Beans. .h#12VjC per lb: Wax. TiglOc: To
matoes from Los Angeles. 75c<&$1 25 per box
; or crate: Summer Squash from Los Ang#lt-s,
! $1J?1 "5 per box; Cabbage. 50c per ctl: Carrots.
1 SOc per sack; Hothouse Cucumbers, $1 5O per
doz; Garlic. 6@7c per lb: Egg Plant. 12%c per
lb: Dried Peppers. SfTSc per lb- for Stockton
and ll®12iic for southern; Dried Okra. lthic
per lb; Green Peppers. «@7c per lb; Mush
rooms. 2t<i25c per lb; Marrowfat and Hub
bard Squash. $10912 per ton for round lots
and Hfelp P«r lb for sacked.
Poultry mid Game.
The receipts of domestic Poultry were light
j and there was no more Western received.' 'ihe
• market was in good shape for all kinds of large
I fat fowls, large young stock > especially being
in demand. Small and poor stock was rather
dull, but prices were no lower. A car of
Western is scheduled for to-day's market.
Dressed Tnurkeys sold slowly, and tt ' ¦ wu
difficult to obtain 22c even for the best stock.
Only four cases came la. . .
Game was in good request, and. although the
receipts were liberal, tbe market was well
cleaned up at the close. Prices had but slight
quotable variance.
POULTRY— Dressed Turkey*. 2O@22o per lb;
live Turkeys, in«18c per lb: Gee»e. per pair.
$2@2 25; Goslings, 12*82 23; Ducks. $5**<J
per dozen for old and ?C@7 for young; Hens.
St-fiti 50 for large and $4 50£3 for small;
young Rooster*. $5 50@«; old Koosters, 5i©5 50;
Fryers. Si 504/5; Broiler*. $4 50©t> for large
and $3 5u<&4 for small; Pigeons. Sl<gf1 25 per
dozen for old and $2 2592 60 for Squab?.
GAME— Mallard Ducks, $31?4 per dozen;
Canvasback. $3#4: Sprig. $232 50; Teal. $175
&2; Widgeon. $1 50; small Ducks. $1 23; Gray
Geese. $3@3 50; White. Geese, 75c#Sl 23;
Brant. $1 20 for small and $2 for large;
Honkers. $5 for large and $4 for small; Eng
lish Snipe. $3: common Snipe. $1 50; Will
Doves. $1 25; Rabbits. *2 for Cottontails and
$1 50 for Brush; Hare. $1 25<il 50.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Butter merchants report a better movement
as a coneequence of the decline in prices a
week or so aso, and stocks are not as targe
aa they were, while the feeling is steadier and.
In ' fact, some dealers are reporting a firmer
tone in fine creameries. Prices, however, re
main unchanged.
Cheese Is very weak, with the Inside quota
tions lowered a fraction and dealers anxious
to 'bell, even at concessions. Oreson continue*
a liberal shipper to this market, and now Utah
Is offering to s?ll here. -Stocks continue ex
cessive.
Egg3 showed less, easiness yesterday, and in
fact the lower irradc? were quoted as showing
more tone. It. is stated that two cars of East
ern' have been recently reshipped East at a
narrow profit to the local shipper.
Receipts were 35.50O lbs Dutter. SSO cases
EgRs and 12,300 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery, 25@26c for extras and
22&24c for seconds; dairy. i7@23c; store But
! ter. nominal: cold storage,- ISii'.'-c Der lb for
ordinary and 22^.@24c for extras.
CHEESE — 12c for the general market. 12>^®
13c for select mild new and 10® lie for lower
! grades; Young Americas. 13#14c: Eastern, 15Vi
I CltJHc: Western. 14S13c p«r lb.
EGGS — Ranch. 33@35c fcr choice and 305?
32c for small and mixed colors: store, 27Vs??
80c; cold storage. 24®27e; Eastern, 24#2$c for
cold storage.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Nearly all of the fruit houses were well sup
plied' with Oranges and trade was generally
! quitt. owing to the cool weather. Some deal
era reported a fair inquiry for medium size.i
j of the best Xavels. b\it the lower grades were
. Inclined to drag and some dealers complained
that they could not obtain the prices which
the- fruit brought at the auction on the pre
ceding day." . Tangerines and -Mandarins wera
dull, with some dealers cutting prices In or
j der to clean up. The other Citrus fruits were
: dull and featureless, wlth^pricea unchanged.
I Stocks of Bananas continued heavy and a
• steamer, which arrived from Honolulu, added
i 4790 bunches to the already liberal supplies.
Six cars of Oranges are announced for to-day's
', auction.
Trade in the common and: medium grades of
Apples was quiet, but there wa* a limited In
quiry for the best grades of Spitzenbergs and
Newtown Pippins and prices of those descrip
tions were well maintained. Pears and Perslm
-i mons were dull and unchanged.
APPLES— Kancy Spttzenbergs. $1 60©l 73
per box; other varieties. I1Q1 25 for fancy.
504? 90c- for choice and 25®40c for common.
PEARS — Winter Xcllls from cold storage.
$1 :*':!- per box. .
PEUSIMMOXS — 7oC&?l o»r box. .
CITRUS FRL'ITS— Navel Oranges. $282 50
per box for fancy. $1 'lotfl 75 for choice and
75c<ff$l 25 for standards; Seedlings, 75c£$l;
Tangerines. $161 25 for half boxes and 75c«j$I
I for quarter boxes; Japanese Mandarins. $1^1 50
' for half boxes; Lemons, $1£2 GO per box; Grape
' ) Fruit. ?li©2; Mexican Lames. $404 CO; Ba
; | nanas. il r i- per bunch for Hawaiian and. sjffc
'i|S CO for Central American; Pineapples, $2g^
per dozen.
Dried Fruits,Nuts,Raisins,Honey]
The market for everything under this head ;
continues inactive and easy. Even Walnuts. (
which ruled firm for several months, are quoted 1
weaker though no lower. Honey is still ne- j
glected and depressed. ¦ Stocks of Raisins in ;
first hands continue large, but those of JFruit* 1
are broken up Into small lots here and there. !
FRUIT —Apricots, 7'isBO'ic for Royals and 9 I
©lie for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples, 4® ;
I 5%c; sun-dried. 3@4c; Peaches, 4®6Hc; Pears.
I myiOc; Nectarines. 4g5Uc; Figs, white. 4S4%c
in boxes; black, 4V*c; Plums, pitted, tlQ'Jc per;
PRUNES —1003 crop,- 2«4®2%c for the four |
sizes. m "n.
RAISINS—F. o. b. prices. Fresno, for 1903 ;
crop: 50-lb boxes —Loose Muscatel, 2-crown, ¦
5Vic per lb; 3-crown. 5?jic; 4-crown, 6Hc: Seed- '
\ lest Muscatels.. 4\ic; do. floated. 4Vie; un-:
bleached Sultanas. 4Uc; Thompson's Seedless.
I RV-e. London Layers —2-crown. SI 25; 3-crown, |
• ! $1 35; 4-crown clustepi. $2; 5-frown Dahesas. 1
' 92 50; (5-crown Imperials, $3; Malaga Loose, 2-1
crown,-5e per lb: do 3-crown. 5%c; Valencia I
'. Cured. 4V»c; Paciflc, do, 3*4c; Oriental, do, |
2!<ic. SeedM Raisins —10-o» packages, fancy,
I Sc per lb; choice. 7"%c; 12-oz packages, fancy, i
G*Kc; choice, C%c; in bulk, fancy, 7%c; choice, |
-3/ . . - ;
i NUTS—Walnuts, No. 1 saftshell. 13Hei4c: J
No. 2 ll"4'S12c; No. 1 hardshell. 13®13Hc:
No. 2. 11011">ic: Almonds, lie for Nonpareils. {
10«r»c for I X L, 10Vic.for Ne Plus Ultra and t
8%c for Languedoc; Peanuts, 6®7c for Eastern; ;
Pecans. l\QVic; Cocoanuts, $4 50^5; Chest- j
nuts. 8:810c t>er lb. |
HONEY—Comb, ldgll»4c for white and SV.fi ¦
¦ 9Vfcc for amber: water whit« extracted. 5d i
. r >'ic: lieht amber extracted. 4*4®4*>ic; dark.
3V.fllc.
; BEESWAX —27629c cer lb.
Provisions.
There was a break at Chicago, and Pol ton.
ds Ruytec/& Co.'s dally telesrams reported
outside traders loaded up. Prices have at last
reached a point where the packers are fre*
sellers. Pork has had an advance of about $3
per barrel and Lard and Ribs one of lc per lb.
Recent buyers are taking- profit* and heavy real
izing Is now going on. Hogs are 5®10c lower,
with 6000 left over yesterday.
There Is no change In this market, j There Is
sCTnethtng going on nil the time, both for ship
ping and local account, but the market on the
whole Is quiet, with ample supplies.
1 CURED MEATS —Bacon, ll'/ic per lb for
• heavy. 12c for " liirht medium. 14c for tight.
' 14V^c for extra light. 19c for sugar-cured and
• 20c for extra sugar-cured: Eastern susrar-cure>l
" Hams. 14c: California Kami, 13v;«13L,c: Mesa
' Beef. $11 SO oer bbl; extra Mesa. $12&12 5O;
Family, $13: prime Mess Pork. $17; extra clear,
' $24: Mess. $19; Dry Salt»d Pork. 12c; Pig Pork,
' $28; Pigs' Feet, $5 23: Smoked Beef, 15c per lb.
• LARD —Tierces quoted at 7tyc per lb for
compound and 9c for pure: half-baarels. pure.
OUc; 10-lb tins, 9*£c; B-Ib tins, I)Tic; 3-lb tins,
10c.
COTTOLENE —One half barrel, 8T«c; three
• half barrel*. S*ic: one tierce. 8%c; two tlerce»,
} 8»4c; five tierces, 8%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
' Dry Hides are Quoted firm and wet easy,
with prices for both unchanged. There is
nothing .new In the situation.
Haps are (till In good. shape for sellers and
n'pplleii are steadily passing out Of the State.
There are not-many left on the coast now, aa
frequently mentioned of late. -
There Is a a'.ow, Fteady movement In Wool.
s and quotations are rather firmer than a week
- or so ago. but the range In prices remains the
, tamo nn<l the market Is featureless.
t HIDES AND SKINS —CulU and brands sell
about %®lc under quotations. Heavy halted
- Steers. 8c: medium. 8c: light. "Vic: Cow.Hides.
. 7'Ac for heavy and 7ljc for lUrht: Stags, 5c;
; Salted Kin. Pc: Palted Veal. 10c; Salted Cair.
• 10y-c: dry Hide*. 153?lfle: dry Kip, 13c; dry Calf.
1 18c*; Sheeneklns. »hearllngs. 25©30c each; $hcrt
. Wool 400fOc each: medium. 70£90c: lonit
•Wool! $101 •">«: Horse Hides, wiltr K 7n for
' large and $2(92 50 for medium.. $1 25£1 75 for
r Final I and 50c for Colt*. Horse Hide*, dry.
t $1 75 for lunee and $1 SO for medium. Slfil 25
for small and 50c for Colts. Buck Sklnx —Dry
Mexican. Sic: dry salted Mexican. 25c; dry
Central American, 31c. Goat •'kins —Prime >n
. poms 75c; large and smooth, SOc; medium. 33c;
email. SOc.
TALLOW —No. 1 rendered.-4Vjc per lb; No
t 2. 4c: grease. 2**S3c. .
t WOOL —Fall cli»> —San .Tnaqutn Lambs'. WJ
t lie: Middle County. Il«l2c: Northern • Fr«w\
r llfI12e: Northern IVfectlve^ 10«llr: TTnmlvnldt
h and Mendocino. 12i814c: Nevada. !S®15c: Ore
o .gnn fln».il*Riftc; Oreren medium. 17c p«r lb.
I- ,HOP3 T-20fi24c per lb for Calirornla. .
Meat Market.
Beef and Mutton are quoted f.rm»r, as sup
plies are somewhat I!gMer and slight advanof*
In the quotations will Ve noted. An occasional
Spring Lamb comes in, but not sufficiently to
establish quotations. The Lambs will be lal*
this year. . ~ 4 ¥~.
Small and medium Hosts ar» setting firmer.
as niFPlUs are decreasing, while large. H.'B»
are weak. They are not in very large supply,
but there 13 no demand for th«*m.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealer*
are a- follows:
BEEF — GH$7?£c for Steers and' &i#S*£c per
Ib for Cows.
VEAL— Large. SQOc: small. 9310c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 8@8!ic; _w«s. 73*40
per lb.
LAMB— f(%«lCc per lb.
PORK— Dressed IIojjs. 7-6tS»~c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are fcr gnod. sound
Livestock, delivered irt San Francisco. l«-'ss 5<>
per cent shrinkage fir Cattle:
CATTLE — Steers. *«J!X-; Cows and Heifer*.
7©9c: thin Cows. 4JJ3.- per lb.
CALVES — *Sf(44c per Ib Igross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 3},fr4c; Ewes, , UUtW-iO
per lb (cross weight >.
LAMDS — ll±®5e per lb.
HOGS — Live Hogs. 140 to ISO lbs. 5i*c: ov?r
ISO lbs. 5e; foft Hogs. 4>. a c: sows. 10 per
cent off: Boars, 50 per cent off. and Stags. 40
per cent off from above quotations.
' General Merchandise.
BAGS — Grain Bags. BrffSHei San Quentin.
5.53c; Wool Bass. S2939C; Flsece Twine. 7 4f*
8c.
CANNED FRUITS— The California Fruit
Canners' Association quote » the (ullc«rins prtc*
list:
- ; tt; - p , s ?
¦ I V I 35:1,5: s
* I 33 I I
FRUITS. ft i £• 1 S
Ji\\ : [||
Apples $1 .W$t :{0;?t 20 $1 19
Apricots I I 55! 1 23
Blackberries 1 001 1 40| 1 SU 1 OT
Cherries, R. A 2 15 1 90 ITU 1 lv>
! Cherries, whita | 1 75 1 «0| 1 55
i Cherries, black 2 00 1 73 1 Co t ::.'»
I Grapes 1 33 1 2O ( 1 If 1 1 00
Yellow Free Peaches 1 40> { ....
j Lemon' Cling Peaches... 1 SO 1 6O| 1 30' 1 2O
Pears 2 OOi 1 73
I Plums 1 33 1 13| 1 C5! tt.1
1 Raspberries 2. Bof 2 251 2 10: t ix»
! Strawberries 2 OOl 1 73 ¦ 1 CC| 1 40
! CANNED VEGETABLES— Tomatoes, 2Vj-ll>
I standard. b2H<ff>5c; Green P?aa — Baby petits
i pols, $1 CO; petita pots. $1 33: extra slftud.
j $1 15; standard, sifted. 51; standards, n.V;
j marroTrfats, S2"4c: gallon, sifted, $4 23; gal
lon, standard. $.; 75.
i COAL— Wellington. $S per ton; New Wel
' lington. $8: Seattle. ?C 50; Bryant. $0 50; Cea
j ver Hill. $3 50; Standard. $7: Roslyn. $7;
j Coos Bay. $3 50: Greta. $7: Wallsend, $7: Rich
j mond. . $7 20; Cumberland. $13 in bulk and
j $14 23 In sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite K :^,
j $14; Welsh Anthracite "Egg. $13; Welsh Lump.
$11 SO: Cannel, $s 50 per ton: Coke. $M 50 ;*
! 13 -per ton in bulk and $15 la sacks; Rocky
Mountain descriptions. $11 -15 per "<**> lba and
: $12 80 per Ions ton. according to brand;
j PACIFIC CODFISH— Bundles. Der lb. 4c;
; cases, regular, 4"\ic; cases, extra large, 5e:
I Eastern ityle. $«: boneless. fj'i<": "Norway."
' SVic: "Narrow Gautre." 5-T 4 c: "Silver KIn<."
" 7<r. blocks. "Oriental." 3ijc; blocks. -••?*«-
I bright." €c: tablets. 6>4c; middloa. (j^g'^ic;
i fancy boneless. SV4€?%c: pioklcd Cod. bbla.
$7 75: pickled Cod. balf bbls. $4 SO.
! CORDAGE^ — The local company quotes as
j follows, CO days or '4 per cent discount fcr
' cash, no sales under 10.0CO lbs: Manila, 14ijc:
! Sisal. 10*;e; Duolex. 0»4c; Bale Rope. 10U4?
; 10*; e per lb.
j COFFEE: — Costa Rica. 13f?15t4c for strictly
I prime to fancy washed; 12313c for prim*
i washed: lX0tt%« for srood wash-d: lou«12V,o
¦ for good to crime washed peaberry; O^lOSa
'- fcr pood to prime peaberry: »'«.t;ilc for goott
1 to prime: SS&c for fair; CO" He for common to
' crJInary.
Salvador— 11 nominal fcr «tri<*tlr
; prime washed: li'^gimc for good to prim*
, washed: Slavic for fair wasted: 0U#llc for
i fair to prime washed peaberry* S^SUVjc for
1 good to .orimc semi-wsshed: 8><i«J8^c far su
: pcrior unwashed: 7%(BSc for good green un
• washed: SS3c for good to superior unwashed
• peaberry: fJ®7c for Inferior to ordinary.
Nicaragua — 12'«i©13c nominal for prime ta
! fancy waihed; &%<8lOV^c nominal for fair to
: strictly good washed: 7 :i i'@S&e for good to ••.*•
pe.ior unwashed: 8VsSS?^c. for good to prims
I unwashed peaberry.
Guatemala and Mexican — 14U913^e nominal
1 for fancy washed: 12Vi©13 s 4c for tprlme* to
t strictly prime washed: lO^i^tlHc for strictly
I good washed: 10@10J»ic for good washed: HV,\f '
' 9^c for fair washed: "^ift'S^c for medltim:
1 3V»©H*»c for Inferior to ordinary; OH^U^o
! 'or fajr to prime washed praberry; S'-iC+Ko
j for good to prime unwashed peaberry; A30o
nominal for good to sup«rloj- unwashed; 63S^o
for ash-damaged.
' LEATHER — Sole, heavy. 20«.12c: «>Ttr»
i he«vy. 30i340c per lb: medium. ZT&ZDc: lieht.
; 24@2<k:: Rough Leather. 26@2Sc; Harness
• Leather, heavy. 35@30c for No. 1 and 2$fT'.?>o
for No. 2: medium. .10337c; light. 293.13c:
! Skirting. No. 1. 40©42c; No. 2. 3C®38c; Col
lar Leather. lSSlCc per foot: Trace Leather. 49
f fe44c: Kip. unfinished. 40<fi5Cc per Ib; Veal.
finished. 30©60c per lb: Ca!J flnished. 63cS*t
per lb: WTax sides. lCS!7c per foot: Belt Kn!f*
Splits. 14filCc; Rough Sptits. S^lOc per lb.
TAXBARK — Ground. $2Ct£CS per ton; stick.
$15*? IS p*r cord.
OILS— Quotations are for barrels: for cases,
add 6c. Linjeed", 43c per gallon for -boiled an4
4.V for raw; Castor Oil. In cases. Nt». 1. 70c:
Bakers* A A. $1 1001 12: Lucnl. 44c for twilM
and 42c for raw; China Nut, 6Os?7fic per gallon;
Cccoar.ut Oil. in barrels. B.Sc for Oylon and 63o
for Australian: extra bleached w-intir Swrm
Oil. 80c: natural winter Sperm Oil. 75c; extra
bleached Winter Whal« Oil. fiSc; natural Whala
.Oil. fiOr; extra winter strained Lord Olt. S.V:
No. I fjird Oil. 75c: pure Neatsfoot Oit. 73c:
No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil. 6T>c: light Herrtnsr Oil. 45c:
dark Herring Oil. 4-V; Salmon Oil, 3*c:-boi!rd
Fish Oil. 40c: raw Fish- Oil. Me; boiled Paint
OH. 3.V»: raw Paint Oil. 33c.
COAL OIL — Water White Coal Oil
In tmlk. 15c; Pearl Oil In cases. 21 *fcc; Astral.
21Hc: Star. 21Hc: Extra Star..25V,c: EInine.
27 l jc: Eoc«ne 24\»c: deodorised Stove Gasoline.
' In bulk. 17c; In case*. 23Uc: Benzine. In bulk.
13c: la cases. 19*jc: SO-degree Gasoline, In
bulk. 25c: In cases, 31c.
TURPENTINE; — 80c per gallon In cases and
, 74c In drttma and Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. «H«
7c Der lb: White Lead. 6Vi©7e. according to
quantity.
QriCKSIIAT.R— $43 SC4M4 50 for local QM
' and «12 MW£43 6O per flask for export.
SALT — 1» weaS. owing to the local war
among handlers, as follows: Genuine Liver
pool, $1.1 50616: Bale*, common, $1 59: Dnlrv.
T*r ten. $11 25; Half Groun 1. $« 60O7 50; Rocle
Salt $n 2T»a7: Imitation Liverpool, $10 73<9
11 .V> : Granulated. $10 73<?11 SO; do. in bales.
(1 CJ jw ton.
• SUGAR — The Westeraf Sugar ¦ Refining Corn
- pany quotes as follows, per lb. In 100-lb bacs:
1 Cubes. A Crushed and Fin* Crushed. 5.«-"V*:
Powder»d. S.SOc; Candy Oranulated. 5.50c: Dry
1 Granulated, line. 5.40c: Dry Granulated, coarse.
5.40c; Fruit Granulated. 8.40c: Bwt Granu
lated n00-1h baps only). 5.20c: Confectioners*
: A. 5.40c: Macnolla A. Be; Extra C. 4.90c:
> Golden C. 4.SOV: *'D." -4.70c; barrels. 10c more:
half barrels. 23c more: boxes; 60c mere: 50-lb
I ha.Ts. 10c more for all klndn. Tablets — Half
I barrels. 5.»0c: boxes. 8.1.V-; n. A E. Crystal
. Domino*. 8.40c per Ib. Xo order* taken for
;/les«s thnn s^ventT-flve barrels or its equivalent.
LUMBER— Pine, ordinary »l»e«. S1SJI19: ex
. tra »lw« bleher: Redwood $1»©23: Lath, 4
t feet $3 PCfM: Picfeet^. $19^1fl: Shlrglea. 13 for
f No. 1 and $1 Crt for No. 2: Fh««c«. $13 for tptlt
r and $14 for sawn: Rustic. $2T>fr31.
r
: , 'Receipts of Produce. '^ !
r * _____
[¦ FOR TUE5D.*-." JANVART 5.
• Flour. <xr sk's .. 9,07 I'Ved. »ks ..... 220
' "Wheat, ctla 2.00 I Troomcorn. bales 1<U
. Parley. cUs .... 2.2X" I Tallow, etls ... 2OI
Cono.«tl» lCIP.its N«. .... 2»r,
f Beana.sks. SlClHWes. N« 54»
. Potatoes sks... 4.«XV,Quickst*v«r. flks .77
t Cntors. aks ... ICO Leather, roll*.. -• 9t
All ot the tirciduous fruits yielded large
«-to{,e. Ti.ere vc* a isccrcltr of apricots in
nome fcf-r-tlons bat this wae made uy by an
«-xce«« in otner districts. A large crop o:
apples » M gathtn-d, but in many sections the
fruit wbi t-omewhat damaged by codlin moth.
The al?r,«.d crop *as not a* larsc as the yield
tor Hit jrecf-ding year. California Is said to B»
the or.iy ftate in the Union that Is successfully
<-uluvatir.£ the aimon<3. Tbe numbtr of almonci
tree* is estimated at 1. SOU. 000. Walnut* were
r+pvn-6 of better quality than usual and the
.yield fair. P<-aches. pearf. Dlums cjid prunes
w '*"e ixctllefct in quality and quantity. The
Iirar.e rrcp. while of excellent quality, wa*
•slightly below the average In yield..
The < itrus tnilts, both In the northern and
southern portions of tie State, did splendidly,
bcth oracre* and lemons giving la.rj.-e yields.
Iraproved methods of curing, handling and ehip
pin? letnens l^ve resulted Jn more satisfactory
r^'urr.s to th€ crowers. The flfrt orantes of
the *r**on-% crop arrt\-ed In San Francli-CQ from
P.f^khn. Placor County, on the 15th of October,
tbout two we*ki earlier than previous records.
The firrt carload of oranees was forwarded
•2£"*n J*ortervllle. TuUr»_County. October 29.
Tn«re were r.o ecvert iW.n* and but «li*ht
Ios»et to growers, u should also be noted that
¦w.lU improved methods of protecting orchards
1. . . *L throuirJi frost in California is steadily
<"irr\lTi!shlnif.
Tbe fi C and olive croes were rood. As the
cuve rii'^ns in California toward the close of
The v*ar was one of fair yields and generally
favorable cliiratie condition*. The wheat crop
cJtd not come c» to expectation?. In the Sac
ramer.to and >an Jnaqum vallryr tbe yield M(
•n gf-ntral . below the avenme, but In Southern
•£l:tomu tiie crop wai good. and. compared
with previous year*, very large. Grain harvest
was •¦• i;..-; later than usual throughout the
»-tate. and tbe yield of wheat end barley in
The centra; and northern wctionn cnly fair.
The hay crop throughout the State was good
«nJ in the southern portions far above tiny
>Uld of rec«nt years. The yield of hops was
hr*vy end the quality good. Bukat beets, corn
ar.J baaTss _ave eatl«factcn" yields. The llm*
te_s .ti-ij wae good, though eomewhat less than
Xir*t «-st:mote<I.
GENERAL EVMMART
A; G. McAdie, «ection director of the cllrette
and crop rervlee of the Weath-r Durrau, has
issue* his annual report covering the 3-ear
lUtt, as follows:
The IV cat her and Crops.
- No, it is not likely th_t a war in the
luir.br trace will remilt." said a leading Cali
fornia meanber of the association after tlm
ir.eeting. -There is no feeling about the mat
ter. Tbe local men sUuply decided tn stay
<>ut of th«. combine _nd -that is all there Is of
it. Ot course, prices are going to be materially
!ow»r. Of that there is no doubt. We regret
to rne the at-sociatlon breaking up. because It
:-: r !•-!. vastly orotitable to us.' "
•.•. result from the failure of the attemot to
ren.w the exintinB prorate and price aBrev
rr.rnt for the cosnlns year at the meeting held
Decejiiber i"-. 1tl» nesatlve result leaves the
• 'ahfornia meisbers practically out of the asso
i iauon so far «s the exj«rt agreements go, and
duubtless means a considerable reduction in
price* after January — Some of the local men
art already making contract* for 1S»O4 delivery
at tcteea mucti b«iow f!4, the rate which the
association ha* b— en maintaining end which it
t">ueht to renew for next ><a»r.
••The association's committee consisted of
Pochard Alexander of Vancouver, B. C. head
«-: the British Columbia Mills. Timber and
Tr«c:r c Cctnpany, one of th* lacgesl producers
.n tfce Northwest; K. L. Mc-CorAlrk." secretary
of the Frederick Weyerhaeuser Ccmpar.y of St.
Paul, owners of vast area* of standing timb»r
in Warhinjfton. Or»-pon and Idaho, and IZ. A.
Skinner oJ the Port Blakeley Mill Company.
wh«>e headquarters are in Han KranciKso. The
meeting was attended by a majority of. the
handlers of what Is known as Oregon pine,
hut is really Douglas fir. the heavy lumber
from the great forests of the western Elopes
of the Cascade in Oregon and Washington. The
¦ iv"? of tbe meeting was. if possible, to Induce
the California interests to acree to a renewal
»>f the agreement sovernint the amounts of
lumber which each concern should handle.
farly winter months, which, ccmbined with the
lack of orders from the various yards, has
n:dde the ir.Ill sales rather weak. Shingles,
both ce<l»r and reiwocd. have not been moving
very rapidly owi,ng to the normal winter falling
Jff. but in ictlvc surir.s trade is promised.
'; r.e r*dwood interests report steady, weli-sus-
Uitsed prices, althouch tue pine and tir quiet
iifse hat natura.il afTccted their sales. Throug^i
vut fnr city and Its 6Uburt» there Is gener— I
Liacyen due partially to the holiday season;
ami the' lumber manufacturers and dealers axe
>ei:r.g the effects. L ' ••
- Th«r b:- u;.:r.i up of the Oregon pin: combina
tion, Ttr.own a« tho Paciflc CcaM Lumber Manu
liiciurcr*' Associctlcti. Cargo Branch, is likely
ir.ari^is a trifle less stable than, st the end
of July, for there has h-en a slight visible
i^ssenlns of interest in the sr^neral circles of
¦."its coast. There has btr'-n a seceral falliTig
'1 in the Eastern drrr.ar.d for fir owing to a
-!;rht decrease in building there and the fanzine
:n availatle cars, with the natural result that
r^n Francisco and Tx>ast markets have" been
tomeivhat glutted with th'se l.roducts of the
Tarlfic Northwest. In this city the activity
in building lias net t>ec-n suntained during the
Pacific -Coast -Wood and Ircn says .of Lumber:
•"Th< end' til' the j>-ar 1903 finds the lumber
Dried Fruit in New York.
Late mail sdviceji from New York say:
Muth irterest attaches to the mc\ement oa
_M coast to device means for marketing th«
iHrjte stock of Raising — estimated at 2tS00 cars
— tfcst remains there, and for which there seem s
fo be no i"rr*er.t demani. Stocks here are said
» he small, but the uncertainty as to the
coerce of everts in the primary market fias a
derretfing cStct and causes a weak feeling.
This apiH.cti more particularly io loose Raisins,
but «*r.-ded al-K) arv caFj. In impurted iiaislns |
the movement is rathor light, as ut<ual at the j
«-:;<l of the ytcr. ?:. 1 prices are nom- |
inal. Currants are quiet, but flocks in second |
l.anilt- aie bctttved to have b^en closely ab- i
sorl»*<i i.iy the ivqulrenients of consumption, j
and. a* -.;,.-> held by importers are moder- j
ate arid rt/.>ck« afloat etnall. the tone of tho
n.ark.t la lirm. Tfctrc 1^ not niuch doinf In
Caltund— dried fruits at th* nomem, the only
leaned trantactiorF involving email lots for
currcoi us*. Prunes »re r.rai in sympathy with
i-oart aiviees. Arricots are said to be in r~..il
p»*ck in all positions and lVaches are held
M<fc<JiIy uy to the quotations. There continu-s
to be a vt-ry cikxI demand for Dates, but we
h«ar of little ilcir^ in Figs."
The Lumber Trade. ,
Corn was Inclined to decline early In the
session and was weak in sympathy with wheat.
The local crowd were against the market and
sold freely. During the latter part of the day
considerable covering developed and there was
also active buying by the same Interest that
supported the wheat market. Increased offer
ings from Illinois and Nebraska were "largely
responsible for the bearish attitude of the local
traders, although the more hopeful tcne of war :
news exerted 6cme influence. .The close was
fairly firm, with May only UCf^SC lower . at
4C%c, after opening a shade higher, to \^@V*c
lower at 46%c to 4G%c. ;
Oats were- the firmest of grains. There was j
a little decline early along with other grains. ,
but the market nteadied later, and during the ;
latter part of the eession gand gains were
made on active covering by shorts and on buy- j
Ing by some of the local bulls. A good cash i
demand helped In the advance. The close was !
firm near the top. After opening unchanged to
a shade higher at 3.S%@38%c May ranged be
tween 33% c and ."KHic closing at 39V&C
A decline of 10c In the price of hogs and
liberal receipt? caused considerable selling of
provisions early in the day by commission
houses and local bears. As a result May pork
declined 60c, lard 20c and ribs 22»>c. On the ,
break packers supported the market and some I
recovery was made, although the close was I
weak, with May pork off 57 %c. May lard down
22 %c and ribs off 15@17%c.
The leading futures ranged as follows: "
Articles— Open. High. Low. Clos«.
Wheat No. 2 —
Ma V SC.a; 8C?i 85% 86%
Julr 81% 81 T* 81 Sl<|
September 79 79 78% 78 %
Corn No. 2 —
January 42 42% 42 42K
May 46% 4G'4 46 46%'
July 40U 40Vi 45% 45% j
Oats No. 2 — ;
January 3.-.Ti 36Vi , 35% 36tf '
May 38% 30"4 38% 39% j
July 35% S6U 35'i 36%
Mess Pork, per bbl —
January 13 0() 13 00 12 70 12 70
May... 13 55 13 60 13 00 13 10
Lard, per 100 lbs —
January <> S5 6 85 6 70 6 70
May 7 10' 7 12% 6 87% 6 95
Short Ribs, p?r 100 lb»—
January 6 4"» 0 45 6 32% 6 37% I
May 6 75 6 77% 'ft 55 6 60 i
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, !
steady; No. 3 spring wheat. 75<gS5c: No. 2
red, 8 1 % <3 8t5 34c; No. 2 corn. -4294c: No. 2 yel
low, 45c; No. 2 oats. 3C%er:tC94c; No. 3 white,
30Mi«t37V4c: No. 2 rye. 51%c; good feeding
barley. 35©37c: fair to choice maltlne. 43©
58c; No.-l fiaxseed, OS%c; No. -A Northwest
ern, $1 04: prime timothy s:»d, $2 90; mess
pork, per bbi; $12 75® 13: lard, per 100 lbs.
$0 7356 80; short ribs side* (loose). $6 25®
6 60: short clear sides (boxed), $6 62%@6 75;
whisky, basis of high wines, $1 27; clover,
contract grade. $11 25.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 37.70O 51.200
Wheat, bushels C3.400 97.100
Corn, bushels 405,000 >-~173,10O
Oats, bushels 27S.8OO ¦ 150.000
Rye. bushels 16.200 5.30O 1
Barle>f bushels 100,5qO 3,200 !
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market wa* sttady; creameries. l(i@25%c;
dairy. 14621''. Ekcs. flm*- at mark, cases
Included, 25028c. Cheese, steady, 10@10%c.
Foreign, Futures.
LIVERPOOL. *' v
Wheat — " j "./,. March. May.
Opening 6 59g 6 4T*
Closing... i ¦ 6 5Vi " « 4%
PARIS.
Wheat — Jan. ' May-Aug.
Opening ..'. 2115 2135
Closing 21 35 21 40
Flour-
Opening 28 HO -~ 28 70
Closing •..- 29 10 2S 80
Available Grain Supply. ¦
NEW YORK. Jan. 5.— Special telegraphic
and cable advices received by Bradstreet'a
show the following changes In available sup
plUa. as comoared with last account:
Wheat — United States and Canada, east of
the Rockies, increased 1.091.000; afloat for and
In Europe, decreased 1,000.000 bushels; total
supply increa?ed 91.000. -
Com — United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, increased 89,000. * . ¦
Oat»r-United States and Canada, east of the
Rocklee, Increased 371,000 bushels.
NftVj York Market.
KEW- YORK, Jsn. 5. — The cotton market
opened firm -at an advance of 6 to 3O points
and closed firm at - aa advance of 68 to 80
point*.
'New York Metal -Market.,
NEW YORK, Jan. 5.— Spot tin declined 17s
Cd to £133 7s Od in London and futures were
15s lower at. £132 15s. ¦ Locally tin was also
lower, ' closing quiet at 29g29.50c. -
1 Copper advanced 5s In: London, spot there
i closing at £58 7s Cd and futures at £57 15s.
! Locally: copper Is firm; lake, ' 12.37V4@l2.75c:
j electrolytic; 12.37%©12.02%. and casting,
12.12%©12.37%e. ' ' ; . -
Lead advanced Is 3d to £11 8s 9d in Lon
don and the local market was a shade better
in ¦ this market," but buyers seemed , unwilling*
to meet ' any advance - ' and v\ the quotation
ranged from 4.35c to 4.46c for spot. . •
. Spelter was a little higher, prices ranging
CHICAGO, Jan. 6. — Wheat opened with an
easier feeling and a general Inclination to eell.
English consols were higher and the general
tone of foreign dispatches referring to the
possibility of war was decidedly more pacific.
Receipts also were more liberal and the weather
map gave promise of excellent conditions for
the movement of the crop. At the start May
was unchanged to V 4 c lower at 86%c to 86^e.
and with no suppprting features the market
continued to decline. The weakness at Minne
apolis- added to the depression here, and before
the declining tendency had been Checked May
had sola eff to S5>;c. or a loss of lc from the
high point. At the decline there was liberal
support from commission houses and the lead-
Ing long also supported the market with large
purchases. As a result the market rallied and
part of the loss was recovered. The late
strength in coarse grains was a help during the
last hour, and a steady tone prevailed at the
close, with May at S0<g£<«**c. Clearances of
wheat and flour were equal to 399,900 bushels.
Chicago Grain Market.
, .Exchange and Bullion.
Silver and Sterling: Exchange are again
higher. ,. ".>-•¦"-..._
The , steamer Coptic, which arrived on the
3d.' brought 1,250,000 Japanese yen in gold from
Yokohama; of these 1,000,000 were for the
Hbngkenk ?" and Shanghai Banking Corporation
and 200,000 for the International Banking Cor
poratloh.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — .$4 82
Sterling Exchange, sight — ¦ 4 85
Sterling Bxchange, cables., — 4 86 .
New York Exchange, sight — 07^-i
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — . 12^
Sliver, per ounce J. — 57 1 ,*
Mexican Dollars, nominal — 45
IV heat and Other Grains.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Spot business con
tinues dull at about 12s <M as the nominal
rate, usual European options. The chartered
Wheat fleet In port has a registered tonnage
of 8238. against 23.670 tons on the same date
last year; disengaged. 110,000 tons, against '
8(5.240; on the way to this port. 1S8.370 tons,
against 170,270.
WHEAT — Liverpool futures were lower and
Paris futures higher. There waj no fresh war
talk of any consequsnee. and In fact public
opinion _seemed to be veering around to th«
expectation of continued peace. At the same
time the war situation continues the prevail
ing feature.
United States Consular Agent W. J. Weath
erlll of Brisbane. Queensland, reports that the
drought which prevailed in Queensland during
the years 1900. 1001 and 1902 is now ended,
and the present season, throughout the State
Is almost an unprecedentedly good one; should
the present favorable weather continue for a
few weeks longer, crops of cereals, fruits, etc..
promise to be of the largest and of the best
quality known for years.
SYDNEY. i<. S. W., Dec. IS. — The official
estimate of >the wheat yield of New South
Walea . Is 2S.570.000 bushels, an Increase of
12,5(0,000 bushels compared with the record
of the year 1901. About 18,500.000 bushelg are
available for export.
MELBOURNE, Victoria. Dec. 21.— The har
vest generally Is turning out excellent. . It Is
estimated the total yield of wheat for the six
States will be 76.000,000 bushels. The previous
highest record was 48,000,000 bushels.
Chicago declined %c. The Northwest sold
May. The Ohio State report gave the condi
tion of the crop at 77. The market continued
nervous and a little strained. • '.- . ¦•-
There was nothing new in this market, .one
ray or the other. Holders of cash grain con
tinued firm. .-¦.»-
CASH WHEAT.
California : Club. $1 37%@1 40;' California
White Australian, $1 50@l 62 V»; Northern Club,
$1 40® 1 41 U; Northern Bluestem. ?1 50@
. 1 51 >i; Oregon Valley. $1 40.
FUTURE?.
I , Session 0 to 11::!" a. m.
• Open. High. Low. Close
: May fl 38% $1 38% $1 .3S%. $1 3S%
. '2 p. m t Session.,
1 Open. High. Low. Close.
May. 51 :W $1 3S $1 37% $1 37%
BARLEY — With a drying north wind blow
' ing over the State and the southern half com
plaining of drought, the market ought to rule
firm, but Instead it', was eny as to . futures
yesterday, though nobody seemed to know why.
The cash grain was steady and unchanged,
with business • light.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed. $1 OS%@1 12»4: Shipping and Brew
, Ing. $1 15®1 20; Chevalier. $1 £0@l 45 for fair
to choice. ;
1 FUTURES.
' v Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May. $1 07U $107% $106}. $1 IKS".
2 p. m. Session. , .
Open. Hish. Low. Close.
May $1 05% $1 05*; $1 C5H 51 05^
I OATS — The market continues without espe
• cial feature. Dealers are reporting a fair de-
I mand, and as receipts are moderate the feel
| Ing is steady. There are less black offering
, now than several weeks ago.
i White. $1 22ft@l 25 for California and
$1 27^<&1 35 for Northern; Black. $1 45@1 65;
Red $1 20@l 32 V, for feed and $1 25© 1 35 for
seed; Gray. $1 32>...
CORN — The only change worthy of note in
thiF market la a decline In large round yellow.
The West continues about the only source, of
supplv at present.
Western sacked, $1 20<gl 27% for Yellow,
I $1 22>A®1 25 for White and $1 20@l 22ft for
i Mixed; California large Yellow. $1 27%© I 30;
I small round do, $1 lO'-il 50; White, $1 30@l 35
per ctl.
RYli— Offerings meet with very little atten
tion and the market is quiet at $1 25@1 30
per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT-J1 75©2 per ctl. -^
flour and MiMuffs.
The demand for Flour and Mlllstuffs con
tinues fair and'quotatlons .show no change.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. (4 CO©
4-85, usual terms; Bakers* Extras. $4 50Q4 tilt;
Oregon and 'Washington, $3 00®4 20 per bbl for
Family and $3 0004 40 for Bakers'.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices In packages -are as
follows: Graha'm Flour. $.1 25 per 100 lbs;
] nye Flour $3 25; Rye Meal, $.1; Rice Flour,
I $7; Corn Meal VI 25; extra cream do., $4; Oat
! Groats, $4 50; Hominy, $4@4 25; Buckwheat
Flour. $4 r»0@l 75; Cracked Wheat. ¦ $3 75; Fa
rina $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Reeled
Oats' bbls. $7 2508 60; in sacks. $6 75®S 10;
Pearl Barley. $0; Split Peas, boxes, $7; Green
PeaB. $5 60 per 10O lbs. . .
Hay and Feedstuff s.
_____ - . | : ':
. Hay Is very firm and another advance is
noted. . Dry weather complaints are increasing.
The prices at which the Government has award
ed the army contract for 5400 tons are said to
be $17 8OQ19 per ton. This Is for double com
pressed bales, -which adds about s.{ to the regu
lar price. : -
Bran is 50c higher and very firm, with con
tinued light offerings. Middlings . are un
changed. All Feedi>tuffs as a rule are firm.
BRAN— $10 &C02O 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS — $20 50®28 50 per ton. . .
SHORTS — $10 50620 50 per ton. • •
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley. $23024 p»r
ton- Oil Cake Meal at the mill. $27®2S 50:
jobbing. $2!MiaO; Cocoanut Cake. $21@22: Corn
Meal S28 50^2!) 50; Cracked Corn. ?29€ ; J»;
Mixed Feed. $22@23; Horse Beans, J3O@40 per
ton '
HAY— Wheat. $14317; Wheat and OaC$149
16; Cat, 513 6O#15 50; Wild Oat, $12.50^14 50;
Barley. $12014: Stock nominal — none here; Al
falfa. $12®1.*5 5O per ton.
STRAW — 50S65c per bale.
-: , Beans and Seeds.
Both Beans and Seeds are inactive at previous
pricesi.wlth no new feature* worthy of com
ment. Receipts of Beans are not very/large,
but ' they are coming in right along and not
going out very fast.
BEANS — Bayos $2 30«S2 40; Pea. $3: But
ters $3 25: emall'Whlte. $2 85®3; large White.
S2 40<B2 00; ¦ Pink. $2 05® 2 80: Red. ' $3 50;
IJma $3S3 10; Red Kidneys. ?4©4 10; Black
eye ?2#2 15 per ctl: Horse Beans. $1 50(82.
SEEDS-^Brown -Mustard. $.1; Yellow Mus
tard ; $2 6562 80; Flax. $1 8001 90; Canary.
5<25Uc- for Eastern: Alfalfa. ll©14c: Rape.
l»4tf>-e: Timothy. 0©«%c; Hemp. ::'.I«3Hc per
lb: Millet^ 3©3V4c; Broom Corn Seed. $2O©2:i
per ton.
Potatoes, Onions ami Vegetables.
.: -.Conditions and prices in the Potato market
', stand : the sarae as f or a week past. The . best
' offerings of Salinas and Oregon ESurbanks meet
" with i ready sale at good figures.'.' while : . pooi
: stock, particularly river kinds, are dull. : wltt
suppHes accumulating." No fresh Sweets wer<
: received jesterday, and what little * carried
Retail Meat Prices.
Th» following retail prices for meats are
quoted by the P.etail Butchers' Protective As
sociation :
BEEF— Prime Roa*t. 15316c: Porterhouse
Steak, l*S22i4c: Tenderlo'.n Steak. 15§l&c;
' Kirio;si Steak 12%©15o; Top Round Bteak.
12%c; Bt*f Stew. 10c; Corn Beef. S£10c; Soup
-Kones. ?(•; bt,;, Meat. &@10e. *.'
VEAL — I>v.n Roesc liii&>c; Shoulder Roart.
12*t©lf>e: Chops and Cutlet*. K.© 20c; Stew,
12% © 15c
ML VI ON— Lee 12V.©15c; Forequarter, S»
dOe; t=t»-w SfflOc: Prime Chops. 12%<?18c.
LAMB— Leg. 20c: . Fcreq-jartef, 12%<?15c:
Hir.dquaner, 1S$20p; Shoulder Roast. 10@
12 %c: Chop*, l^eibe.
PORK— RoaM. 12%®lSc: Chops. 16#l?r.
These prices do not cover the cheaper grades,
a? 5t is impossible to quote regular prices on
:hem.
I December — Cool weather prevailed • In th«
central and northern sections, with frequent
frosts, dense fogs and abundant rainfall. In
Southern California _lt was. clear and warm,
with frosty nights and no rain. Orange har
vest continued. -,
July— Extremely hlfrn temperatures prevailed
at the beginning of the ra.on.th. with ljlgh
northerly winds, followed by. abnormally cool
wftather and ht-avy fogs, the mean for the
month bavins been 3.6 deercts below normal.
Light rain fell tn th« mountain district!. The
harvesting; ot grain, hay, sugar beets. and de
cidnous traits was progressing.
Aurust — Nearly normal weather prevailed
all the rionth. with frequent fogs along the
coast. Grain harvest was practically completed
before tlie 20th' and threshing was progressing.
Hop-picking had commenced. Sugar beet har
vest and' fruit gathering continued. Grape
plrklntr was in progress.
September — Th«" weather was warm and
clear and the rainfall very light. High winds
and forest fires caused considerable damage.
Raisin making, fruit" drying, hop baling and
sugar beet and - bean, harvesting progreseed
rapidly.
October — Cool weather at the beginning of
the iri'Mith was followed by light rain and ab
normally high temperature. The nwan tem
perature was 2.8 detrrees above normal and the
precipitavlon 0.8» Inch below.' Oranges colored
rapidly and picking had commenced. Nearly
a!! rummer crops had been secured.
November — The temperature was slightly
above normal. Heavy rain fell in the central
and northern sections, but dry weather con
tinued In the south. The raisin and deciduous
fruit crops were mostly diepored of^ Frosts
caused tio lose.
May — Warm dry weather prevailed most of
the nicnth. with very light' rain. The deficiency
in precipitation was seriously affecting grain
and hay in the central and northern sections,
but conditions were more favorable in Southern
California. Cherries were ripe early In the
month. Hay harveet was progressing.'
June — Weather conditions were "nearly nor
mal and v^ry favorable for crops and farm
work. Grain harvest and haying were in
progress. Deciduous fruits were maturing and
picking had commenced. Vineyards were re
markably thrifty and citrus fruits in good
Condition. • * , ""!..,. *
March— The temperature was slightly below
normal, but -conditions were far more favorable
than during February. The rainfall was nearly
three lr.chcs above normal and the heaviest of
the season in Southern California. Frccts
caused but slight damage to orchards. Early
grain was heading out.
April — Both the temperature and rainfall
w««re considerably below normal, but conditions
were quite favorable for all growing crops,
the heavy rainfall in March having placed the
soil In excellent condition. Grain made good
growth. Orange trees were heavily laden with
blossoms.
the calenuar year, the yield this year cannot
be properly estimated, but such reports aj
have been receivrd Indicate favorable conditions
bcth la quality and quantity.
Iiais.n-growers experienced a very successful
year, ro lar as the yield and character of the '
fru!t air concerned. The chief producing dis
trict ie the San Joaquln Valley. There was but
little injury te raisina by the showers, and even
late grapes were only slightly damaged. The
first crop of rairtns was nearly all In the pack
ing-bouses by the middle of October, while
the second crop was on the trays. By the
end of November the last of the grape crop had
gone to the wineries.
REVIEW BY MONTHS.
January— The first half of the month was
marked by cold, cloe-iy and foggy weather,
with severe frosts in ihe central and northern
section, and- warm, drying winds and heavy
sandstorms in the southern sections. Warmtfr
weather prevailed the latter part of the month
in all tectio/is and generous rains fell through
out the State, bringing the monthly precipita
tion to something above the normal.
February — Abnormally low temperatures pre
vailed throughout the State nearly all the
month and the mean temperature was 5.5 de
grees belaw normal. Minimum temperatures
of 20 decrees were recorded fn many plages —
the lowest known in twenty year*. The dam
age to citrus fruits was nominal. The rainfall
was below normal, but the snowfall In' the
mountains was unusually heavy.
FV4PORATED APPLES — Market quiet and
rather easier in tone. Common. 4€T5c; prime,
SwVcT choice. 5V4@Cc: fancy. 6%«7c.
PRUNFS Are firm, with some grades in lim
ited supply and the tendency of prices upward
in some Instances. Quotations range from 3*>sC
to 6V.C according to grade. ' ,,
\PRICOTS — Are steady, with choice quoted
at*^ au@i'%<": extra choice, 9%@10Uc; fancy.
11 PEACHES— Are quiet, with choice quoted at
7Vi@7%c: extra choice. J«%©SV4c; fancy, O^i®
10%c. ' j
WOOI-r— Firm.
r*OFFEE — Spot Rio, firm; No. 7 invoice. i%c;
.mild firm. Futures closed easy. 5 points higher.
Jnnuarv. 7.15'&7.23c: February. 7.35(37.40c;
Ma'Ch ¦ 7.40#7.OOc; May. 7.7O@7.OOc; Jua»,
7 50c-' July 7.050'Sc; September, 8.20@S.35c;
October. 8.25®8.40c. ,,,.., „
SUGAR — Raw. nominal: fair refming, 3c:
centrifugal 9Ji test. 3%c; molasses sugar. 2%c;
refined, quiet.
NEW YORK. Jan. 5. — FLOUR— Receipts,
32 900: exports, 26,710 barrels; market quiet. !
WHEAT — Receipts. 14.625 bushels; spot easy;.
No. 2 red. 90c elevator: No. 2 do. 93 c f. o. b.
afloat: No., 1 Northern Duluth, 97c f. o. b.
afloat; No. 1 hard Manioba, nominal f. o.. b.
afloat. Options declined early, closing mors
steady. s ,i<5%c net lower. May. closed 89V«c.
July closed 80%c.
HOPS — Firm.
HIDES — Firm.
New York Grain and Produce.
Neiv York Money Market.
NEW YORK. Jan. 5. — Call loans opened at
4% per cent, declined to 2 and closed at 3 per
cent.
NEW YORK, Jan. 5.— The stock market to
day was rather dull and decidedly spotty and
the tone was Irresrular throughout. The tone
showed icme improvement after London had
ceased trading for the day, but the late'
strength' was not held and the closing was
irregular after a sharp reaction. The specu
lation wan varied and Drices did not move
fully :n unison. London's Influence was largely
responsible for the early heavy tone, although
the pending action on the United States Steel
dividends and the question of the showing to
be made by tee quarterly earnings statement
were repressive influences on the general list.
The announcement that the directors would
not assemble until 3 o'clock left the assurance
that the dividend decision would not be known
until the market had closed and -caused addi
tional hazard in the trading. Speculative feel
ing on the subject was indicated by the bet
ting on the- curb on the dividend prospect,
heavy odds being offered against any dividend
being declared on the common stock. .
Another active center of speculation doring
the day was Amalgamated Copper, which was
run up at one time over two points. Other
leading copper Btocka, including' Rio Tintog In
Parig, were active and quite buoyant. The
London market for raw ¦ copper continued to
advance on large purchases and the official
price in the domestic market also rose sharply.
Some effort was made to make the war rumor
a factor lii the copper situation, owing to the
Japanese croductlon in the world's eupply of
copper. The war scare as a factor off- the
market, however, showed a waning Influence.
A prominent feature .of the day's trading
was the marking up of a group In smaller
railroad stocks in which a common Interest ia
largely dominant. Chicago and Alton, Colo
rado and Southern, Toledo, St. Louis and
Western, Minneapolis and St. Louis and Iowa
Central also were Included, in the group, and
Chicago Terminal Transfer -might be added.
Rumors to explain the rise varied from a
transcontinental railway project to embrace
Union Pacific. Chicago and Alton, Toledo, St.
Louis and Western and Erie to a combination
of the smaller roads into one property after
the manner of the Rock Island system. No
authoritative Information could be had on any
of the rumors. Rock Island was conspicuously
weak on the" larce decrease 'in net earnings
reported for November and helped to unsettle
the closing market. United States Steel also
weakened suddenly,' carrying back the pre
ferred with it for practically all of its earlier
Bonds were irregular. Total sale*, $1,770.-
C0O. United. States bonds were unchanged on
call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks— Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchison 17,725 CS% 67>.i t8>4
Alehlson pfd... 275 90 80 89%
Bal & Ohio 5,7(iO 7»Vs "SVi ~S~M
Bal & Ohio pfd,... WMi
Canadian Pacific... 1.060 118% 117% 117%
Central of N J 1C0
Ches & Ohio 110 33H 33^ 33
Chicago & Alton... 4,200 37% 34%. 37%
Chi & Alton pfd... 14,500 .81 78 82^
Chi & G W 100 16% 15% 15H
Chl&GWBpfd.. 27
Chicago.* N W 20i) 168 1C7^ 167
ChiTer.&Tr 1.D00. 10 9 9%
Chi T & Tr pfd 4.500 22 . lO^i 21Vj
C.^C. C & St L •••• 78
Colo Southern ,3.750 16H 15% 1«
¦Colo So 1st pfd 000 56 55 65
Colo So 2d pfd 3,900 26. 24 2j
Del & Hudson...... 40O 160 164 105^
I>el. Lack & West.. 1.000 273' 2C8 271 Ji
Denver & Rio Gr... 1,000 20 !i -^ HS^
Den & Rio Gr pfd. 200 C9% 69 J 8 69
Erie 16.900 28-4 2S^ 28*4
Erie 1st pfd 1.000 f»\% ti7% 67%
Erie 2d pfd 900. 40% 49*i 49^
Great Nor pfd --A" -2^
Hocking Valley ... 5C0 72% <2 . -%
Hocking Val pfd... 100 «* ,£* ,S4
Illinois Central ... W 130g 129* 129%
Iowa Central ! 200 20% 20 20 H
Iowa Cen pfd 1.000 40 39 JX
-34T, 34%
Lul, &Na,h. P :..., 3.800 10S* 107. 107%
M^^fd:::: -SSIiJS S8
i.do6 ilS% SftflSg
Nor& Western .... 1.100 5.1* 5< 5.1,
Nor & West pfd... 100 89 £9 |»
Ontario & Western. -400 22U 21£ 21 v6
Pennsylvania 18.300 US'* J1 «** 1 J*^*
Reding* & L : : : : uM / 'w '« % ?*%
SnI m Pfd... 100. 77U 77U .76^
Read;nsr 2d pfd ..-. •;--• •-•;
Rock Island Co B.000 23% .22^ --%.
R I Co pfd 1.400 -8% 58% 58
St L & S F 1st pfd. »~
StL&SF2dpfd.. *\-*
%¦" "io6 S3* f 33- 32%
It 12.900 144?i 143»i 143%
St Paul Pfd .... 100 177% 177*, 176%
lourrnfaciflc. 18.040 4S% gj) 48 Vi
mm 49 1 1
Iwa^hpfd'::.:::: t.w 37^ »« m
I Wheel & L Erie y. •¦•¦; •¦' 16 »;
wSsIn^^: M 39^ 38% »
Express Companies —
! Adam"? jgo
I American 11O /
! United States AJ^
Wells-Fargo
Amer Linseed Oil .. J»*
Amer Lin Oil pfd.. ..... •"• •-•; .28
Am'j Locomotive.. 300 1«% 17%. li%
Am* Loco pfd .-• •••• -••• '»*»
Araer Smelt & Ref 9W 4S% 4Si 8 4b
Ampr S & Ref Dfd. ¦ 2C0 90 00 h'J%
Amir Fug." Ref.. 5.400 126»4 125 125%
Anaconda Mln Co.. 300 78% 76 <i
Brkiyn Rap Trans. 28.400 50J* 4S% 49%
Colo Fuel &. Iron.. 500, 30% 29% 3O?4
Co um & Hock Coar 1.000 15% 14% 15%
Consolidated Gas... 5TO 191% 191 191
General Electric... 1.400 173% 169J4 173
International Paper 100 11% 11% U
Interntl Paper pfd. 400 «% 6o 65
lntcrnalional Pump Jl
Interntl Pump pfd <4
National Biscuit... 100 30% 3C% 3«%
Natlor.El Lead . 13
North American... 400 84V« R3%| 83%
Peoples Gas «00 07% 1(7^4 «7>-i
I'reKed Steel Car.. «>O 28Vi 27% 2*
Pressed S Car pfd ti<
Pullman Palace Car 100 218 218 217
Republic Steel 300 7»i 7 ~\i
Republic Steel pfd. 200 42% 42 42V4
Rubber Goods 200 18 18 17ft
Rubber Goods pfd 73>4
Tenn Coal & Iron.. MK> 37% 37 37
U S Leather 300 7% 7»& 7U
U S Leather pfd... 100 7B«i 76Vi 70
IJ S Rubber -• lJ>i
U S Rubber pfd 40%
U S Steel./. 20.000 ll^ 11 11
V S Stee! pfd 4S.31K) 57% 55% 55%
Western Union 100 86% 8C% • 80
Northern Securities. .... 88%
Tctal sales 455.600 shares.
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK. JanT 6. — Bond transactions of
United Railroads of San Francisco: (5000 . at
575 62%, 1000 nt J75 75.
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY.
, NEW YORK. Jan. 5.— American Can Com
. pany: Common — Uld, $3 75: aeked 4. Pre
, ferrtd — Bid, $33; anked, $34 23.
i , NEW YORK BONDS.
! U S ref 2s reg..lO6 Louis A N unl 4s. 98%.
Do coup ., 106 Manhattan c g 43.102
Do 3s reg .....10£3i Mex Cent 4s ... 68%
Do coup 106% Do 1st Inc ....'14%
Do new 4s reg. 133 Minn & St L 4s. 97
I Do coup 133V4 M K & T 4s ,.. 9ti
•'Do old 4s reg. 107% Do 2ds 80
, Do coup .107% N R R of M c 4s. 74
¦ Do 5s reg 101U N* Y Cent g 3%a. 98
: Do coup 101 »,i x J Cent sen 5s.l2Sti
Atchison gfn 4s.. 99 Northern Pac 43. .102',!
Do adjt 4s ... 88 Do 3s 70%
AUanUc C L 4s.. 93% Nor & W c 4s... 90*i
Balto & O 4s ..101 o S L 4s & Par. 02
Do 3%s 03% Penn conv 3%s.. 95
I Cent of Ga 5s. ..104 Reading Gen 4s.. 9514
Do 1st inc 67 St L & I M c 5s.lll5i
. Ches & O 4%s..l02% St L & S F tg 4s. S3
Chi fc Alton 3%«. 75% St L S W lsts. .. 92'4
; 'C B & Q new 4s. 9Hi Seaboard A V 4s. ea '
C M & St P g 4s.lOSH Southern Pac 4s. 87%
Chi & N W c 7s.l31% Do On .111%
' C R I & P R R 4s 67*fc Tex & Pac Ist*.;il5%
Do col Re 74% Tol St L & W 4s. 71%
¦ C C C & S L g 4s 95% Union Pac 4s 101
I Chi Term 4s 78 Do conv 4s .. Ofiii.
• Con Tobacco 4»... BO US Steel 2d 5a. T0U
> Colo & So 4s .. S7% Wabash lsts ... 114 ti
1 Denver A. R G 4e. 9S . Do Deb B .. 62»i
Erie prior Hen 4s. 97 Wheel & L K 4s. 89
Do Gen 4s 84% WIs Cent 4s 89*i
• Ft W A VC leta.101% Colo F & I c Ds-,09
Hocking Val 4%s.lO4i5 ¦ '""•
' ¦ NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
; Adams Con 15 Little Chief ..... 06
1 Alice 13 Ontario. ..•..= .....6 00
Breece . .". 10 Ophir ....- "3 25
' Brunswick Con... 04 »i ! Phoenix .... ..... io
• Comstock Tunnel.. OOjI'otosl .-. :¦ 25
1 Con Cal * Va....l B0 Savage'.'.* .-50
Horn Sitter 1 10 Sierra Nevada ...'.• 64
[ Iron Stiver 1 23jSmall Hopes .:... •">
1 Leadvllle Con .... 02! Standard iso
' BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS. *
Money— .*.'.. Westlngh Com.. 82
- Call loans 5%C« Mining—
; Time loans .....5 ©6 Adventure ... .'.V— 2%
Bond* — Allouex ............ -4»i
Atchison 4« 97% Amalgamated .... 50ft
' XciL' York stocks higher, uHtH a recovery in Cotton.
Local stocks and bonds shore little change.
Silver and Sterling Exchange somezvhat higher.
Lumber trade reported quieter, zvith talk of lozver prices.
Salt weak and unsettled, zvith sharp local cutting.
Wheat and Barley quiet. Wheat freights still lozv.
Oats in steady demand. Com weaker. Rye very quiet.
Fair demand for Flour and Millstnffs.
.Hay and Bran again advanced. Middlings firm.
Dry zveather complaints from Grain and Hay districts increas
ing-
Beans and Seeds inactive at previous quotations.
Onions firmer. Potatoes and Vegetables show little change.
Poultry and Game markets in good sliape for sellers.
Cold zveather operating against the Fresh Fruit market.
Bananas in heavy supply, and no lack of Oranges.
Butter shozcing more tone. Eggs steady. Cheese weaker.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins still dull.
Provisions break at Chicago, zvith heavy realizing.
Hides, Hops mid Wool about as before quoted.
Beef. Mutton and small Hogs rather firmer.
EASTERN MARKETS.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
from uc to 5.20c. In London it advanced 2s Cd
to £21 13s.- . Z<- -•¦ ¦ ...
Iron closed at 49s' lOd in Glasgow and at 42s
Od in Mlddlesboro. Locally iron was nominally
unchanged: No. 1 foundry Northern Is quoted
at ?15®10: No. 2 foundry Northern. $14ff i.">:
No. 1 foundry Southern and No. 1 foundry
Southern soft, $13.50614. - ,-¦-.;
• Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO. Jan. 5-— CATTLE— Receipts. 7000.
Steady. Good to prime steers. $5 10@5 55; poor
to medium, $3 7505 10; stockers and feeders,
$2 25@4 15; eowr. $2->i i 23;. heifers, $2 25'a~4 8o;
canners, $1 75@2 40; bulls, $2@4 35; calves, $3
m 25.
HOGS — Receipts: To-day, 37,000; to-morrow,
45.000. ICo lower. Mixed and butchers, ?4 65
«T5; good to choice heavy, $4 90®5 CT>: rough
heavy, $4 60@4 85; light, $4 40@4 75; built of
sales. $4 70«?4 90.
SHEEP— Receipts. 13,000. Sheep, strong:
lambs, strong. - Good to choice wethers. $4i£
4 B5; fair to choice mixed, $3 25®4; Western
i sheep," $3 C5S4 50; native lambs,* $4®9 25;
Western Lambs, $4 75@6 10.
Boston Wool Market. .
BOSTON, Jan. 6. — The prevailing cold
weather has been exceptionally good for the
wool trade -the past- week. t Buyers have t*ken
in Inrse orders of, heavy-weight clothing and
this is reflected Jn the wool market. Quota
tions: :•¦
Territory — Idaho* fine, 15@16c; fine medium,
16@17c; medium, 18@19c: -Wyoming. 15©16c:
fine medium; 16@17c: medium, l$u®19c; Utah
and Nevada fine, 14H*il">Vic: flne medium,
16%@17c; medium, l»@2Qc; Montana., fine,
choice. 19<?20c: flne medium, 19@20c; i aver
nge. 18® 10c; staple, 19@2Oc; medium choice,
19@2Oc., ; •
.Northern Wheat Market.
'¦ . :¦ OREGON.
PORTLAND, Jan. 5. — WHEAT— Walla Wal
la. ; 73c; Blues torn, 7Sc; Valley, 79c.
. -WASHINGTON.
TACOMA,- Jan. 6.— WHEAT— Bluestem, 80c;
Club. 7«c. .
Mex Cent 4s 69 Daly West" ".'. ". '. . . "''3%
Railroads — Wnghaxn. ...... \ . 2»
Atchison ......... C7',i Calumet & Hecla.440
Do prefd .'. 89}; Centennial ... 1C
Boston & Albany.245 Coppr.r ¦ Range 48%
Boston & .jf.alne.167. Dominion Coal... "0*;
Boston I- 140 Franklin 8*4
N T N H & .H.. 193*4 ls'e Royale ....'. T
Fltchburff nrefd..l35 Mohawk ..... 28 H
Union Pacific ... 70V; Old Dominion ... .10»4
Mexican Central.. 10*4 Osceola «2"*
¦Miscellaneous — — Parrot.. *. 22*4
Amer Sugar 125?i Quincy 0. r >
Do prefd . {123 Santa Fe Copper, Ml
Amer Tel & T..12C t %i Tamarack .' 100
Domln I & S ... 9 Mi Trinity 5X1
General Electric. 171 United States ... 18%
Mass Electric .. 19"£ Utah .". 32»6
Do prefd 75% Victoria 2Vi
United Fruit .... 00 Wlnona "i£
U S Steel 10% Wolverine ........ CS
Do prefd 50^
LONDON* CLOSING STOCKS.
Consols, money.87 13-1GN Y Central 12T.
' Do account SS^JNor & Western.. 59
Anaconda 3%' Do prefd 90
Atchison 69% j Ontario & West. 22*4
Do prefd ...... 92*4 Pennsylvania C0%
Balto ¦& Ohio . . . 80% ! Rand Mines 9%
Canadian Pacific. 121 Vi Reading 22?;
r»~«. & Ohio 34 Do 1st prefd... 401b
Chicago G W ... 10>i Do 2d prefd 30
Chi Mil & St P.14S Southern fly .... 20%
DeBeers 20%] Do prefd ."Sl 1^
Denver & R G ..40;;, Southern Pacific. 4t»',a
Do prefd ..'.... 71 Union Pacific ... «1V*
Erie 20^ ¦ Do prefd 91 Vi
Do let pfVfd... 70'l U S Steel 121
' Do 2d prefd 51 Vi Do prefd 6S Wi
Illinois Central. .ViiVi Wabash 20
Louis & Nash ...1101,4 , Do prefd a7%
Mo Kan & Tex... 17%
Bar silver — Firm, 2C 9-16d per ounce.
Money— 2©2 % per cent.
The rat© of discount in the open market for
short bills is 3M>t8"3",i per cent and for three
months' bills 3>4 Per cent.
over stock was offering was firmly held at the
recently advanced -quotations. Stocks of Onion*
were light and fresh vStock; was In good request
at firm prices. '. Cut Onions' were offering fresly.
but could not be disposed ot at any price.
THE SA'N FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY. JANUARY 6, 1904.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Continued on Pace Twelres ;^
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
13
fe 5^ fe
CLOSING OUT SALE
-^_or — "
65 SHIRE HORSES
Belonging to the estate of J. HKNDEKSO"*
(deceased). Rlley. Or. > These fine horses an
between 4 and s yearsLold. weigh from 1400 to
1SO0, and are all broken and double. Sa!»
tak.? a place :" .;.•'.". : :
WEDNESDAY EVENIN'O. JANUARY fi. 1JX>».
(At 7:^0 Sharp.)
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE.
2;« THIRD ST.. NEAR FOI.SOM. .
Horses at salesyard January 4. f
Catalogue ready.
[ WM. G. LAYNG. Auctioneer.
•'Quickest— The Highest Returns,"
Bakery and Coffee Parlor — a ynap S40O 00
16-room Lodging-House, clears *.x."t... iSJH tX>
Grocery, doing a business of $."Jo per
day *635 »*O
12-room house on G=ary st OO
Candy and ice-cream plant: country- --ll. '-50 W
100 acres of fruit Und. $10 r«*r acre.
AWDSBSON. The Auctlcnoer,
Room 26. SC« MARKET ST.
Tel. Main lfC>2. Correspondence solicited.
*\__ AUCTION SALE nt ARCADE HORSB
MARKET. 327 SIXTH ST.. WEDNES-
DAY. January >"<. at 11 a. m.
40 HEAD OF ALL-PrRFOSE HORSES.
Every hors« must be as represented or money
refunded. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
AUCTION SALESr: ¦¦¦•. • • ¦ - . - - .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 6,- 190 1.
14
MEETING NOTICES Contlnned.
NATIONAL Union, Califcr- f . ffW73fy— r^>.
r.ia Council, meets TO- ¦ "'¦ 1h>
NIGHT at Pioneer Hall. .
F-jurth st.. at 8 o'clock.
Visiting friends cordially Invited: Initiation.
By order. E. A. M GILBERT. President.
C. H. VAN ORDE?f. {Secretary.
OFFICERS and members of the Pacific Mutual
Aid Association — You are requested to as-
semble at our hall, SOU Market St., WED-
NESDAY. January 6. at 9 a. m., to attend
the funeral of our late brother, ALFRED
CHRISTENSEN. By order.
CHARLES HELIN. President.
JAMES TERKELSON. Secretary.
AGENTS WASTED.
WANTED — Firm suitably located to accept
peneral agency for Peerless patterns, the
highest grade of paper patterns, which are
about to be introduced to the coast trade;
can be handled in connection with any line
kindred to department store trade or dry
poods trade; excellent opportunity for right
party; experience In this particular line de-
Firable; no attention paid to Irresponsible
people, but will communicate promptly with
right parties with a view of closing negotia-
tions through our representative, who will
visit San Francisco in the early spring.
Write, stating full particulars, also give ref.
erefcees, Independent-Peerless Pattern Com-
pany. 42 East Twentieth st.. New York.
WOMEN and men solicitors wanted. Apply te
• Halpruner Medical Mfg. Co.. 2S California
et.. 1 to B.
ADVERTISEMENT WBITIHChJ _
HAVING recently acquired through exchang*
of property three $40 scholarships In the beet
College of Advertising in the United States,
I will sell them at 25 per cent discount foi
cash: the college teaches advertisement writ-
ing by correspondence and assists its grad-
uates to secure positions; catalogues fur-
nished on application. Address box 3026. Cali.
AsTROLOG y >
Mrs. J. Francis, astrologist. suite 10. Hotel
Langham: hours. 10-5: eve, by appointment.
' A' rTO:^ XEYS - AT - t ' AVV '
~~ ~\vV H. BITTNEr!
ATTORNEY AND COUNSELOR AT LAW.
Advice free. Phone South 743.
Suite 322. Emma Spreckels building.
Divorces quietly and legally obtained for
eight causes: damages secured for Injuries to
person or estate: replevins for property un-
lawfully detained: attachments and garnish-
ments fur debts; bonds furnished: bankruptcy
proceeding*: wills probated; estates settled:
collections made in all parts of the U. S.
A PRIVATE, quick divorce for a small fee.
See tne and save money; no pay In advance.
G W. HOWE ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.
Ectabllshed 22 yrs. : rms. 1. 2. 3. 4 I- 5. 1st fl.
1122 Market et-. between Mason and Taylor.
Advice free, all matters. Detectives employed
R. W. KING. Attorney-at-Law, Exam, bldg..
•Uh Cocr. tEtrance rocm •ill: established 2C
years; all cases; general court and offlc*
practice: n» fe<» in advance or for consulta-
tion: evenir.rs by appointment. Tel. Red SCOI.
GEO. W. AVERILL: advice given in all cases;
divorce, probate, bankruptcy and attachment
vuits a specialty ; practice in both State and
Federal courts. Room 4C5. 4th floor. Parrot!
bldg.. S55 Market fL; phone Howard. 2551.
ADVICE free — I will advance cost In merttoti-
ous cases, divorces, probate and all other law
cases; no fees in advance; open every even-
ing. J. M. THL'RSTON. &J9 Market et.. r. JL
~" ADVICE FREE.
Columbian Law and Collection Agency.
Room S3. 916 Market et.: tel. John 6226.
DIVORCE costs $12; cpen evenings- tenants
ejected. $5. 916 Market. r.C2.phone Black 651.
DIVORCE — Costs. $12; quick, quiet; advice
free: op«-n cvfnjngs. 927 Market St.. r. 301.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful: all
law business. W. W. Davidson. 027 Market.
L. B. CLARK. 027 Market St.: consultation
free: no fees in advance; open evenings.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 1C pages, sent to any address !n the
T'nifd Ptatfs or Carada one year for 81.
Ill It IIS. DOCS. ETC.
WARELIXG canaries, talking parrots: all
kinds of *ong and fancy birds; goldfish, seeds,
eager, etc. Give us a trial; we will please
you. 1540i Market st.
DUSIAESS CHANCES.
R. G. WILKE, real estate and business agen-
cy: established 15 years; quick sales. Rooms
O and 10. 26»£ Kearny.
A— $1600 — Rarest chance in the market; cof-
fee saloon and restaurant; choicest location;
daily receipts about fOO; net profits above
$300 per month; a fine business; Investigate
foon: trial given, R. G. WILKE. 264
Kearny st.
A— $I2T>0— DELICATESSEN and dairy produce
store: close to Market and Stockton »ts. :
large Ftock; clears at least $250 per month:
full value in sight; a splendid ofr>r. Call
R. G. WILKE. 2ti>i Kearny et.
A— $750— FALOON on Commercial st.; rent
$:>0. See U. G. WILKIE. 2«Si Kearny St.
A— $.VX) — SALOON* and boarding-house on
main Et. : 12 furnished rooms: established
I years. See R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny Bt.
A— ROADIIOL'SE with 15 newly furnished
roomn; bathroom, barn, 1 cart. 1 electric
piano: 10 years' lease: rent $43; price $3 W0;
business very good: that is all. For particu-
lars see It. G. WILKE. 20^ Kearny st.
A— $1500— BUTCHER shop In Western Addi-
tion; rent $40: weekly sale about 4 steers,
25 slieep: 1 horse, 1 wagon: daily receipts
about *4O. See R. G. WILKE. 26Vi Kearny.
A — $1750 — CORNER grocery and bar on
Guerrero st. ; lease; a good paying business;
fresh stock; all cash trade. Particulars R.
G. WILKE. 26»i Kearny st.
A— $1400 — CORNER grocery and bar on De-
vl«adero St.; owner has a fine paying busi-
ness, but family affairs compels him to
l-ave for East. See R. G. WILKE. 26'4
Kearny Et.
A— $050 — CIGAR, candy and notion store on
McAllister st. : rent $25; a nice paying busi-
ness for man and wife. Call and I will show
you the place. R. G. WILKE. 26>.fc Kearny.
A— $600— DRY goods and notion store with 4
fine furnished rooms on Mission st. ; splendid
chance lor man and wife. Call U. G.
WILKE. 26!i Kearny. t
FOR country hotels, saloons, cigar, notion
Mores, butcher shops or any kind of business,
see R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
FOR sale — Beautiful and picturesque health
and cummer resort, 2 hours' ride from S.
I 1 ".. "0 minutes' ride from depot: has 20
acres land, set with all kinds fruits, flow-
ers; beautiful groves: 32-room betel, with
cottage of 4 rooms, all furnished: necessary
outbuildings, dance pavilion, bar. bath-
houses, lake for rowing: raises own veg-
etables, poultry and hay; 2 horses, buggies,
bus. Jersey cow and calf, chickens^ bar fix-
tures, billiard table, new upright piano; 3
years' lease at $500 per year, can get longer;
fine mineral springs: - will cure many dis-
eases: money In everything on pla<*: round
trip Sundays $1 M> from S. F. : death cause
of rale; price $2250. CAMERON. .". Eddy st.
* FOR sale or trade — Quartz mine; fine prospect*
'¦ located In Cal.; assays $10 to $70 ten; trade
! for r'm'g house or business. Canwon.U Eddy.
i ¦
) FOR sale — Bent little restaurant in city; rent
$4T>; central; receipts $35 to $40 day; must
; leave town: price $1200; aleo several* ethers at
prices from $350 to $2000; all first-class prop-
ositions and will bear Investigation. CAM-
ERON, 3 Eddy *t.
FOR rent— 3-room fur. flat; central; could get
i 2 more rooms adjoining; reasonable. CAM-
ERON & CO.. a Eddy *t.
A— 3 PER CENT MONTHLY.
On investments of $100 and upward; no "get-
rich-quick" swindle, turf speculation or gam-
bling scheme, but a reputable, established
1 business enterprise in Kan Francisco: cleared
; $67,000 last year on $100,000 capital; stock
j increased ,*20,0O0 to enlarge the plant; call
or write for particulars.
' GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market St.
* A— $12C0: hotel, bar and restaurant; main st.
In booming country town near city; 12O steady
- boarders. Call Eureka Realty Co.. 719 Mrkt.
1 A— $150; PARTNER for well-established office
{ business: no experience required; will net $75
1 mo. to each. Eureka Realty Co., 719 Market.
A— $'JOO; SALOON; water front: receipts $15
daily: large place; cheap rent: ' 3 . llvlng-
* . rooma. Eureka Realty Co., 719 Market at.
* LIVERY and boarding stable in a first-class
< location, doing a good business, with steady
year round; two first-claas hacks,
* one almost new, rubber-tired. In splendid
.condition; 24 young horses; vehicles of all
' kinds; rent $45 month; price $3250. MA-
RION GRIFFIN, room 406 Examiner bldg.
* CALL and see the list of lodglng-housea from
6 to 200 rooms; cheap rents; hotels,- road-
\ houses, saloons, restaurants, groceries, livery
y stables bought and sold and exchanged;
'¦l money loaned on chattels: millinery store tc
t exchange. EITEL, & CARROLL; 212 Kearny.
!? A— $2000; COAL yard, with 11 stalls; procti-
: cally no rent to pay; south of Market; greal
* opportunity. Central Agency. 003 Market st.
r JtltiS)! BRANCH bakery; 3 living-rooms;
'• rent $17. Central Agency, 093 Market St.
HOME bakery, candy, notions; nice furnished
rooms; make offer; good trade. 8 Mason et.
ITS ANOTHER HARD LUCK STORY. '
When you go home at night and the fire's not. alight.
And the wife's so upset that she looks like affright.
For the cook rose in wrath and h is taken her flight.
To get quickly another who's better than t'other.
And her work will do well and cause you no bother.
Trv a Want Ad — though small, if It's put in The Call,
It will bring large results, is the verdict of all.
AIR now universally used in cleaning carpets
on floor, without removal; price moderate.
E. F. Compressed Atr Cleaning Co.. Call
buljdlnrr. Phone Main 5237.
V»'jiEN you become dib»ustcd with your woif
send for isPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 255-357 Tehama st. : tel. South 40.
TRY Hcpke Bros.; carpet beating: tnattrrases
made over. 1432 Howard: tel. South 216.
WF.STERN Carpet Cleaning Work*. 1806 Har-
rison St.: Al cleaning: 3c; teL Mission 22S.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 3»4. GEO. WALCOM & CO., Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works;pri?«s
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. : teLMIsston 263.
CONKLIX'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
333 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 12g.
i DEXTISTS.
DR7~GRUSsT^04^5-ti CnlUKhaa^dg^~M^ri^t
and McAllister ete.. uses the Basford Obtun.
der; the cciy device ever Invented for grind-
ing, drilling and excavating teeth without
pain. For demonstration call at r-tflce.
DR. LUELUM HILL. 1443 Marketnr.Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates ar«
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone— cannot break;
\7*:iianted 20 yrs.: crown. $3 60; fillings. SOc;
plates. $5: full set: all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
PARIS Dental Parlors.. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Set teeth $1 50 up: crowns $2 up; fillings 25c.
GOLD fillings. 75c; silver, C5c; crowns, $2; no
pain; open Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hewitt.2C4 Sutter.
A ARTHUR CIIISHOLM. surgeon dentist.
room 14 Phrlan building. Pan Francisco.
DRKS8»iAKERg AND SEAMSTKESSEg
ACCORDION, sunburst & knife plaiting. Stew-
art's button &. buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School —
Patterns cut to measure; eve, class. 1019 Mkt.
EDUCATIONAL.
ANOTHER Enlargement — California Business
College moves the first of the year to IU
new home, 901-925 Golden Gate ave., occu-
pying 18,000 square feet, the entire top floor
of the new Pioneer Automobile bldg.. oppo-
sie beautiful Jefferson square: every modern
Idea for health, comfort and progress of our
students; departments all reorganized and re-
furnished; occupies larger space than any
other two business colleges on the coast;
write at once for our 75-page Illustrated
catalogue, giving full information about our
25 ner cen'. removal discount. Address 300
Larkin tt.
ALWAYS the best — We are enlarging our
quarters 5O per cent: other schools are mov-
ing farther out to secure cheapi rent; our lo-
cation is central, among the business houses,
giving advantages in securing positions, also
convenient car service: experienced business
men as teachers; actual business bookkeep-
ing: Gregg shorthand (used in half the
schools In America); typewriter at home
frte. SAN FRANCISCO BUSINESS COL-
LEQE. 1236 Market ft.
AYRES. the leading business college. 723 Mar-
ket St.: established IS years; life scholar-
ship. $50; bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typ-
'Ing. arithmetic, spelling, etc.; positions se-
cured; the college "refurnished with new
typewriters and furniture Jffn. 1. Catalogue
free. .
YOUNG Italian gentleman. Just arrived from
China, is willing to get dally English les-
sons irom .\ merles ti i f t a to conditions ', ref <sr-*
ences given if requested. Addresa box 3023,
Call office. •
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST. S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy. English branches; day
and night sessions; illustrated catalogue free.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 305 Larkin st.
"A thorough school" : positions secured for
graduates; modern methods; Individual in-
struction. Write for Illustrated catalogue.
THE'Lyceum, an accredited preparatory achool
for the university, law and medical colleges;
ref.. President Jordan or any Stanford profes-
sor; day and evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
HINMAN'S Academy: a thorough school of
dancing: established 20 years. 1412 Polk et..
between Pine and California: both adult and
children's classes are now open for the season.
HEALD'S School of Mines & Electricity. 24 Post
st.. S. F. ; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
BANJO, mandolin, guitar thoroughly taught: I
orchestra practice free to pupils. J. H.
MANSFIELD. 462 Geary. i
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday. Sun-
day evgs.. Teutonla Hall. Howard' at., near
9th. Prof. Foster; society, dancing taught.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elcc, mln.. mech.. sur-
vey. assay, cvanide:' day. ev. ; est. 1S64. i Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ST. JOSEPH'S ACADE^ir! Pcralta Park".
Berkeley, boarding school for boys under 15.
BRO. GENEBERN. Director.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION... "...Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine st.... Night class.
KENT Law School: always open; conducted by
practical lawyers. 536 Parrott building.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing
etc.: day or eve. ; So mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES. .-.
GET your help at PINE JAPANESE EMPLOY*
MENT OFFICE and Housecleaning Co., ti«
Pine, nr. Jap. M. E. Church; phone Polk 3t>66.
GEORGE, AOKI. 421 Post st.- tel. Bush 135^-
j Japanese-Chinese employment office; fur-
' nishes best help: contracts for farm help. etc.
A — ORPHEUH Employment Office — Japanese-
Chinese help. 426 Powell. Tel. Main 5752.
A — GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office, 415
Stockton; tel. Gn. it 168; expert, reliable help.
SWEDISH and German Female Employment
Office. 115 Franklin 'Bt.: phone Folsom 2S56.
RELIABLK Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
CHINESE and Japanese help: estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1097. BRADLEY fc CO.. 040 Clay.
ISMPLOYaiEXT WANTED— FEMALE.
A COMPETENT. woman wishes a situation in
a private, family as cook; good reference:
good cook; won't answer cards. Call at 1111
- Folsom st. .
WOMAN wants work Thursdays and Fridays
washing' and house cleaning; $1 50 day.
Box 3054, Call.
A SWEDISH girl wants situation to do gen-
eral ¦ housework In a private family. Call
2320 Tweaty-thirdst.
A STRONG German woman wants work by
the day, washing, tronlntr and housecleaning;
experienced. laundress. Box. 3236, Call office.
GERMAN woman would like place In country
¦ as cook in hotel, boarding-house, ranch. --Ad-
'. dress 123 Eddy gt., room 244, U.S. Hotel.
WANTED — By respectable, competent, mlddle-
aged lady, cooktns or general housework for
small family. 142 Sixth st.
! WOMAN wants work by the ' day. " 916 How-
. anl *t. - • --¦ -'.... ;.'•¦¦,' .- : y&ygSSBJWaflsasgBBIHfflK
LODGING HOUSF.8 FOR SALE— -ron.
fEstabiished IS years.l •
We will sell any house
MARION Jon the installment plan.
GRIFFIN. [Business — Is — , P-oomlng.
Call, write or phene usi
for big free list of houses.
ITitle abstract fumisred free.J
[Room 406. "Examiner" Building.]
Phone Black 3607. Take elevator to 4th floor. '
Corner 3d and Market sts.. San Francisco.
BARGAIN; 44 rooms, south of Market; 23
rooms newly furnished; electric lights: lease;
rent $t& For cale only by
MARION GRIFFIN'.]
HOW Is this? 10- room corner house, north of
i Market, clearing $50 month, price *<'>">.
MARION GRIFFIN.]
SPLENDID 18-room corner in hUh-toned I
neighborhood; new, modern house; all bay- I
window rooms; Axmicster carpe's: golden ,
oak folding beds with large mirror fronts:
dressers to match; a home full of permanent
roomers. MARION GRIFFIN.]
EXCLUSIVE — Rare bargain : family hotel; one
of the best on the coast; hand«on:e corner
building of 100 rooms: private baths: splendid
furniture and exceptional location; 5-y<sar
lease; new and modern in every department;
electric elevator: electric lights; etrlctly first
class; heart trouble of owner Is enly cause
of sale. MARION GRIFFIN.]
HIGH-CLASS; dewntown: 24 room*: furnished
4 months ago with best of everything in fur-
niture, carpets and bedding: clears $175.
MARION GRIFFIN.]
BONANZA— A first-class, strictly modern
apartment bouse of 177 rooms; cew building;
elegantly furnished: low rent; loug lease;
clearing over $650 per month above all ex-
pense^ MARION GRIFFIN.]
ANOTHER swell apartment house of 106
rooms; magnificently and substantially fur-
nUhed throughout; long lease at less than
$t» per room; full cf permanent roomers. See
MARION GRIFFIN.]
FASHIONABLE location; 14 rooms; on sunny
corner; Brussels carpets; birdseye maple and
mahogany furniture; must be sold at onze
even if for less than half value; make offer to
MARION GRIFFIN.]
ULTRA stylinh private boardlr.R-house; 32
rooms; on Sutter St.; furnished in elegant
mahogany and heavy, rich velvet carpets;
5-year lease; clears $391 month. Stc
MARION' GRIFFIN.]
GREAT reduction: 22 rooms; $1200; clears $95;
- rent $100; 2-year lease; near Emporium.
- MARION GRIFFIN.]
ONLY $200 down and small payments for 8-
rbom corner flat, well furnished: north of
Market: rent $30. See
• MARION GRIFFIN'.]
BEST hotel propcsltion in this city; 83 rooms;
sunny; large dining-room; rent only $234
month: always full of steady boarders;
. profit never less than $20O month: dissolution
of partnership only reason; price $650O;. well
worth $10,000. MARION GRIFFIN, room
406 Examiner bldg.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
SrifUTUALISM.
PROF. Fred P. Evans, noted psychic for slate-
writing and clairvoyance; stamp for circular.
1112 Eddy at., nr. Octavla; phone Scott 837:
A— MRS. CRINDLE. materializing eeance
Wednesday eve.. 8 o'clock, 50c. 328 Ellis st.
MRS. DR. LORD, convincing circle to-night;
readings dally. 5O4 Ellis st.
MRS. C. C. KOTTER. circle every night, 10c:
card reading 25c; sittings daily. 43 Sixth st.
MRS. L. HODGSON, circles Wed., Thur.. Fri..
Sat, Sun. eve.; sittings dally. 148 tith. r. 16.
EDWARD EARLE. 1052 Ellin, readings dally.
9: -tO to 4; seances Sunday and Thursday.
CLAIKVOYAKTS.
X Call at Once and Save $2.
My Regular $3 Reading This Week for
$1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE,
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever in San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge If I fail to tell your name, oc-
cupation and what you called for; I promise to
tell you whether husband, wife of sweetheart is
true or false; tell you who and when you will
marry, in fact, I will tell you every hope, fear
or ambition better than you can tell yourself:
he restores lost aftections, reunltfa the separat.
ed, causes speedy and happy marriage; makes
you successful and prosperous; cures disease
and lost vitality; 10 a.m. to 8 p.m.; Sun.. 2 to b.
32ti O'Farrell st. — 32C.
MA1K. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently )oca«<>d at 17 Third et.. next Examiner
bldg. : she read* your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present hatpenlnirs and portrays even's to
occur In the fuUre: If you are In trouble, dls-
contenud or not (satisfied with life, or liave
domestic, love or business troubles, consult
this great medium and you will be told how
to overcome them: valuable advice In all af-
. fail-* of life: 25c up: satisfaction guaran-
teed: readings by mall. Tel. Black 45»>a.
THE ORIGINAL ROMANY GYPSIES.
OMEGA DEBORAH. LELA.
PALMISTS. CLAIRVOYANTS. CARD READ-
ERS., TRANCE READERS.
True Life Readers. No Fairy Tales.
They will Inform you correctly of your des-'
tiny, adaptabilities, future conditions: -no fairy
tales; truth only. 285 Geary st., nr.' Powell.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
st., cor. Turk; private readings dally, 10 a.
m. to 5 p. m. ; readings by mail as satisfac-
tory as In person; 3 questions answered, $1;
full life, $5; send lock of hair, date of year
of birth; don't send currency: send postofflce,
WtllE-Fargo money order or registered letter.
MME. MARCELLA.Just returned from ex-
tended tour, reads past, present and future
by ancient Egyptian egg method and Le Nor-
mand cards; fee. $1. 1613 Lyon St., bet.
Burh and Pine; phone Geary 2657.
MRS. A. H. KRONENBERC. parmist. clalr-
voyent, card reader: when others fail try: me;
good reading 10c. 721 Franklin, nr. G. G. ave.
MISS ZEMDAR. young gifted clair. and palm.;
namts: L.SOc. G. $1. 714 Frankltn.nr.G.U.av.
A — lime. Ravenna reade life, business advice;
names given; 25c up. 5 4th St., near Market.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader, re-
• nioved from 132 oth to 23>£ tith; la. 25e. g. 50c.'
' OLDEST lady palmist and card read?? in city.
• 26'/j Kearny. room 20; ladles, 25c; gents. SOc.
; MISS WARD, removed to 817 Market, ra. 11-12;
\ gives names, dates, facts. Hours 11 to 9 p.m.
; MRS. WYZAN. gifted clairvoyant card reader"
• names glveru satisfac; 25c. 1008 Harrison.
¦ Mrs. Vlena. trance medium and card reader; 3
' questions ans. free. 406 Geary st., room 1.
. MRS. PHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader: slt-
; tlngw dally. 448% Jessie St.. bet, gth and 6th.
collection; offices.
• BAD tenants ejected for $4; collectionTmade;
s city or country./; PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO. 416 Montgomery. roomaO-iO: teL 6S88.
? CUBES MUTTUXS. , ¦''¦::
t WHO DOES IT? - HUNTER. 1206 Market st.
. | Jknd lor circular. Why will you suffer t v
BUSINESS CHASCCgU—Contlnwea. <
$750— HALF Interest in a light, pleasant busi-
ness; large profits; legitimate and staple
as flour; present partner must go East; no
brokers; call and investigate. 510 Telegraph
ave., Oakland. Cal. ' ¦
J200 — A DELICATESSEN store, 2 blocks from
Market st. ; splendid locality; good trade;
can be Increased: exceptionally low rent;
just the place for man and wife. Box
3002. Call office.
A PARTNER with *0CO cash can clear $1400
in 3 months; a new proposition to catch
suckers who want something for nothing;
best of References given. Box 2720, Call. |
WOMAN wishes to Invest from two to four
thousand dollarn 1n some paying busi-
ness: must stand Investigation. Box 3691.
Call office. ¦ ' -
FOR sale— $300; in good location; a good pay-
ing restaura'nt: American and Italian plan;
flr^l-ctaKs opportunity. Inqnlrt 17 Wash-
ington st. * ' ' „
A — WORKINGMAN'S boarding-house; good lo-
cation; low rent: steady bcarders; no agents.
Box 2803, Call office.
PARTY with $200 to invest; light manufactur-
ing business; no, experience required. 2o2
Stockton tt.. room 17.
$2500 WILL buy loan office, with stock, safe
and fixtures: good location; lease; low renU
Box 3052, Call.
$450— FIRST-CLASS saloon; central location:
cheap; account health. Address box S92, Call
¦ office. Oakland. £
FOR sale — 10 cows, horse, wagon, harness,
milk route paying $150 to $175 month. 405
Montgomery st. tno agents), room 4.
A RESTAURANT in Palo Alto, in center of
town; good trade; will sell reasonable. Box
2723. Call office.
FOR sale — Tailoring business; good trade for
dyeing and cleaning works. Box 3240, Call.
FOR eale^ — Good restaurant; proprietor wishes
to leave city. 2S81 Sixteenth et.
SHOE store 12 years' standing, for sale cheap;
•good repairing trade. Box 3217. Call office.
FOR sale — Complete dyeing and cleaning
works; eood location. Box 2800. Call office.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion cf advertisement* and subscriptions has
been opened at .IOCS Market St.. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
A. CAMERON^ CO.. Phone South 1050^
:t Eddy st.. cof. Market and PowelL
Headquarters tor rooming-bouses, hotels and
all kinds of business chances.
220 rooms; grand new modern apartment-
house: elegantly furnished; swell location;
clearing $4C0 to $600 per month: golden op-
portunity.
15 rooms: Van Xess; oak and mahogany
furniture; a bargain If taken at once.
S8 rooms; bonton location: elegant build-
ing; luxuriously furnished; all modem con-
veniences; grand entrance and halls: strictly
up-to-date; called East by sickness.
12 rooms: Post; oak fur., Brus. carpets;
clears $50; $300 cash. bal. on installments;
price $SCO.
69 rooms; new and elegant building; fur-
nished beautifully and up-to-date; hot and
cold water every rcom; $4000 cash necessary".
SO rooms; rent S95; fine location; all on two
floors; 3 years' lease: clears $100. all full;
$20CO.
125 rooms: first-class downtown house; 5-
year lease; cheap rent; private baths; doing
fine commercial business; reduced; see this.
47 rooms; rent only $125: good lease: fine
location; some apartments always full; clears
$200.
116 rooms: cew and elegantly appointed
apartment house; one of th« nwellest in city:
clearing $5U0 to $t>00 per month; splendid
opportunity.
7-room new modern flat; $450 cash bal-
ance on installments; income $45; price $530.
24 rooms: rent $140; newly furnished; fine
neighborhood: close In; always full.
162 rooms; most elegantly appointed apart-
ment house In San Francisco: beautiful mod-
ern building; fine entrance; cheap rent: clear-
Ing $400 per month; 5-year lease; part cash;
balance &• per cent per year.
19 rooms: cor.: rent $95: oak fur.; good
carpets, hair mattresses; part cash, balance
on time.
22 rooms: rent $75; never changed hands;
all men: steady roomers the year around;
clears $S5 cer month: first-class business
district; price $1SOO.
6 rooms; rent $45: oak fur.; moquet car-
pets; furnished 4 months; clears $45; see this.
18 rooms: fine sunny cr.-ner: rent only $S0;
well furnished: all outside rooms; fine yard:
clears $1CO.
68 rooms: rent $250; 2 years' lease; well
furnished throughout; close in; first-class
boarding house; clearing $250 per month.
5 rooms and bath: rent $1S; water free;
new modern flat, furnished 1 year; price $300.
50 rooms: Bush; rent only $162: good fur.,
rarpets; clearing over $200 per month; only
14 rooms to take care of, balance do own
work; a sn*p.
15 rooms: Van Ness; rent $65; oak, ma-
hoganr furniture; always full; price $1200;
almost new.
SC rooms: cheap rent; furnished last June:
oak fur.. Brus. "carpets; clears over $25O per
month; half cash, balance 1 per cent: owner
clck In bed.
7 rooms; rent $38; modern house: new fur-
niture; clears $50; only $400 cash, balance
time.
14 rooms: rent $40; new and modern little
boarding-house; fine furniture; hair mat-
treaties; clearing over $200 per month; price
8 rooms; fine flat; rent only $37 50; well
furnished; very central; snap at $500.
24 rooms: rent only $125; first-class con-
dition ; oak. mahog., blrdneye maple fur.,
extra line carpets; clears ?70; price $2000;
half cash. bal. l'/j per cent.
28 rooms, rent only $100: lease: very cen-
tral: well fur, clearing $120; must leave
city within 10 days; reduced to $1400; snap.
13 rooms, rent $55; good fur.; carpets all
full and clean; price only JCOO.
HAPPY NEW YEAR TO ALL!
RING I'H MINT 700 the Whole Year.
C. E. HINKLEY. 1O*_'O MARKET St.. opp. 5th.
l(t rooms: Bush Et. : rent $37 50; only 5450
32 rooms; Market et. ; 5 years' lease. ... $2500
lti rooms; boarding; offer wanted $!WX)
17 rooms; rent $45; clears $oo $6.">Q
100 rooms; grand sunny corner $7000
40 rooms: Van Ness ave.; worth $3000..$ltiOO
a rooms; cheerful and homelike $175
15 rooms: tt unfurnished: rent $15 .$500
35 rooms; transient: lease '. .; $lf>Gu
20 rooms: lease; electric lights $650
8 rooms; Posfst.; rent $32; only $250
SNAP — a rooms; nicely furnished; rent $»0:
% a sift at $175. HINKLEY. 1020 MARKET.
•. GRASP this opportunity — 32 rooms; Market Bt. ;
owner sick; must sell; offer wanted: your
t gain, owner's loss. HINKLEY. 1020 Market.
I PROFITABLE — 40 rooms and bar: central
location; it is a speculation at $2100; easy
terms. C E. HINKLEY. 1020 Market st.
CALIFORNIA INVESTMENT c6T]
" Phone Black .6901. 777 'i Market st.
1 ' Bank Reference.
For bargains see the old reliable agents,
CAL. INVESTMENT CO.. 777^ Market st.
GREATEST bargains on the market; 45 rooms:
2» rooms newly furnished; chance for 16 of
- your furniture: bargain lor *17oO: 5 years'
3 lease; rent enly' $85: 3 blocks of Market;
I lease worth double this price; exclusively
H with CALIFORNIA INVESTMENT CO.
34 ROOMS; N. Market: les-e; rent $3 50 room;
fine transient: grand corner location: prlct
only $2250. Full particulars 77~K Market
I- st. CALIFORNIA INVESTMENT CO. .
y A— 12 ROOMS: MARKET AND MASON.
_ TRANSIENT: FORCED SALE.
e $60 CASH. .BALANCE TERMS
5 SEE SKIRM QUICK. PHONE GREEN 631.
t. ROOM 72. ST. ANN'S BLDG.. 6 EDDY ST.
5 LODGING-HOUSE, S8 rooms. In a good loca-
tion on Powell st.. paying me a clear profit
of $120 per month: house full; reasonable
- rent; look at this: I will sell low. as I musl
« leave the city. Box 2728. Call office.
<, FOR SALE — A BOARDING-HOUSE; MEDIUM
d SIZE; ELEGANTLY FURNISHED; LOCA-
II TION BEST IN THE CITY; LEASE
OWNER LEAVING TOWN. BOX 2S5ft
' CALL OFFICE. , "'
Z 40 ROOMS; nicely furnished; fine transient
, house; grand loca.; 2 entran.: clears $250 tc
y $300 mo.; bargain at $3000. 777^ Market st
*: $2000— BAY-WINDOW house. 25 rooms; nicelj
•o furnished: all full; sunny ¦ corner; north ol
r". Market; downtown. Box 2740, Call. -.
I- NICE house at 903% Washington st.,\Oak-
tt land; 16 rooms; front rooms all sunny; suite
t. or single; price $900. •
s: $12. r .O — GOOD corner house of 15 rooms; nortl
Market; good location. 8 Mason st. • •
;d 28 ROOMS; choice location; rent $75; pric<
t. $1100; money-maker; nicely turn. 777 ft Mrkt
t ¦ ¦ - ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ • . .
EMPLOYMENT WASTED— FEM A LE.
YOUNG woman desires a situation •» second
girl In private family. Call between 10 a. m.
. and 2 p. m. at 2120 Clement ave., Alameda.
SITUATION wanted for waitress and UDStairs
girl; wages. $25. 130 Twelfth ave.
YOUNG girl wants position to do general
houEework; 5 years In last place: from th«
East, no postal cards; $25 per month. -«»
Clara St., near Sixth.
RELIABLE colored woman would like general
. housework with small private- family; no
washing: state wases. Address G. L.. box
2705 Call.
WANTED — By middle-aged lady to keep house
In widower's family; is fond of children;
best of references. Call at 81C California st..
flat D. ___
YOUNG Finnish girl would like a place to do
general housework. 13 Hopeton terrace, oft
Washington St.. bet. Stockton and Powell.
YOUNG French girl would like situation In
private family to take care of -children and
do sewing. 1604 Point Lobos ave.
GERMAN graduated teacher wishes position in
a school or as governess; also teaches French.
Address 3323 Clay st.
GIRL wishes position an nurseglrl for a child
3 years old; wages $25 month. 1259 O'Far-
rell st.. city.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch Office, coc Duncan A Church sts.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for Th*
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
POSITION wanted— A reliable marrl*d man:
understands care of horses, carriages and
harness and can milk; wife good cook and
laundress; references. S. D., 77 Ninth st.
RELIABLE coachman wishes a position; thor-
ouKhly understands care of hor«s. carriages
and harness: general man around place; good
reference. W. P.. 77 Ninth st.
WANTED— Position as engineer on freezing
plant; 8 years? experience erecting and run-
ning same; do own repairs. Apply box
3024, Call;
ELDERLY man wants work: private family;
horses, eardenlng; useful in general: refer-
ences; wages moderate. Box 3053. Call.
COMPETENT young man stenographer, four
years' railroad experl^ce. wants position
any kind. Box 3049. Call.
YOUNG man well acquainted in city wanti
position as salesman, collector: best of ref-
erences. Box 3025. Call.
ENGINEER wants position; understands st«ara
and electrical; all kinds of work ar6un«3
building. Box 3027. Call.
GERMAN for barn and garden work; some ex.
perieac*; inside work; willing; best of refs.
' Box 2238. Can office.
A CARPENTER, elderly man. wants light
work In shop at bench or care for place:
wants to go south; can &o almost any kind
if work; small wages; wants good hope.
Box 2770. Call.
WELL educated, middle-aged man with best
of references, speaking German.* French.
Spanish. Italian and English fluently, wishes
steady position in city or country. Address
box 3O07, Call office.
A SOBER, industrious man wants position In
business houce. or to drive wagon; thor-
oughly acquainted »lth the city. Address
box 30! 8. Call office.
A STRONG well-educated Swiss. 23 years old.
attending night school, wants work of any
l:ind: private place: references. Box 2777.
Call office.
A YOUNG man. flrst-ciass egg <*ardl>r. best
references from New York. de3'.res position
In a wholesale house at once. Box :<223. Call.
A YOUNG man with the best of city refer-
ences, good salesman, wishes a position as
drummer. Box 3016. Call office.
TWO Scandinavian boys: a. machinist and
piano polisher: but will do any kind of work.
Box 3032, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS carpenter wants work by the
day or Jobbing. Please call at 1S32 Powell
st., S. F.
WINDOW trimmer desires permanent position;
proficient in card writing and advertising.
Address bo» 3C02. Call office.
TO keep books during leisure hours, evenings
snd Saturday afternoons. Address J. R. H..
box 2701. Call office.
COACHMAN wants flituatlon In private fam-
ily: long experience and best references.
Box 2790, Call office. '•
MINE blacksmith and tool sharpener wants
position; best references. Box 3021. Call.
A BAKER, good all-round man. wants position
In country. Box 2742. Call^
GOOD cook wants situation In restaurant or
boarding-house. Call 638 Folsom «(¦ !
FIRST-CLASS non-union handsaw, sticker or
shaver man wishes position. Box 2734. Call.
GARDENER or assist gardener, wants sl»i-
ation: unmarried; age 34^ Box 2740. Call.
JAPANESE experienced boy want- a position
as a schoolboy. S. YOSHI. $07 Polk St..
Japanese Mission.
JAPANESE boy desires position as schoolboy
and houaewcrk 637 Pine, st.
j *p\XESE boy wishes a position as dishwash-
er or hausework. G. OKUBA, 51S Jesale at.
FLATS TO LET.
A— HOUSES and flats to' let; an immense list:
service absolutely free: take advantage of
this department: It will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-233 Geary
st., on the square.
ALL of the most desirable flats and houses are
listed In our renting department: let us give
you a list and help you find one In the loca-
tion you want. STERLING FURNITURE
COMPANY. IC'59 Market St.; services abso-
Itely free.
MODERN sunny middle flat, 5 rooms and bath.
133 Noe St.. near 15th St.: rent reasonable.
$7— LOWER flat and large yard. 726Vi Harrl-
son St.. between Third and Fourth.
KLATil FOK. SALE: FLRMSHEP.
EIGHT-room flat for sale; good location; after-
noons. S80 Geary st.
FURNITURE of 4-room flat; $65; rent $12.
11331,* Howard Bt.
SUNNY S-room modern flat at a sacrifice; 10
to 4. 2307 Van Ness ave.
FACJAZ. MA S3 AGE.
A — WRINKLES removed: fine complexion guar-
anteed; new method ; 50c. M. LUTON. mani-
curing parlcrs. 761 Larkin St.; phone Polk 17.
FI.VAXCIAL.
COMPANIES Incorporated, financed and stock
floated. W. H. BITTNER. Lawyer and Fi-
nancial Apcnt. Tss Emma Spreckels bldg.
BUY SCOAL GOLD NOW. ¦ ." ¦¦•-v*
HJRXITLRE WASTED.
A — Highest price paid for fur.. carpets. etc. Mrs.
T. B. Selby. Equitable Fur. Co.. 812 Larkin.
HIGHEST prices for furniture and mdse. L. H.
BURD. auctioneer. 181SMkt.: tel.Howard JT5b.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Rsd 4462.
buy*, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
f HELP \V AM'ED- FEM ALE.
COOK. — Restaurant. Oakland. $tO: S, German-
style cooking, no washing. $33. $40: cook,
•mall hotel. country.' $50; mother and
daughter as cook and nurse girl, see lady at
office- 10 o'clock, $25. $10; 3 parlormaids to-
day, $30; waitress, commercial hotel, coun-
try. ?'-5; 8 waitresses, hotels and restaurants, ¦
IS. $25: nurse girl, 2 children, $25; house-
work, Alameda, $30; 55 general housework
glrlt, city and country. $20. $25. $30. Apply
to J F. CROSETT &. CO.. 334 Sutter.
A SECOND girl for two In family. $:;i>; a first-
class laundress for private family. $40; 10
waitresses for city hotels, $25, board and
room; a first-class German cook. $35. MISS
PLUXKETT. 125 Sutter St., near Powell.
A CAPABLE lady's maid to travel; f.10. MISS
PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter st.. near Powell.
AT SAN FRANCISCO EMP. BUREAU 271:,
Fourth tt. — Waitress, country, $25. room and
board; nurse girl, c-lty references. $20- light
housework, city, # $l«. $18; cook for Institu-
tion. $40; light housework, Berkeley sis
Phone Grant 20. . . . * la *
A— WANTED— Girls to 3 learn halrdressing
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
in 2 week*: $5 to those entering now- 3 uo-
sitlona to fill immediately; positions ruaran-
teed at $10 p«r week up: leading school i u
West. 233 Geary st.. room 13.
A— Girls to learn millinery now for spring sea
jon: both seasons taught from start to finish
in 1 month for $10; positions a« trimmers
salesladies, etc.. guaranteed at $W per wk up-
day and evening class. 143 Stockton St.. r. 13.'
A— LADIES to learn all branches halrdresslnz
trade; manicuring, massage, etc. 123« Mar-
: ket «i.. cor. Jone». rortm 94; positions secured
at highest wages; day and eve. clasj- caJL
INDIES wanted everywhere copying le«rrs
at home cverligs or spare t1m * » S«. weTk v
us; no mailing or canvassing: *.» T^^-*
earned: m-UeriaU free. Enclose se "-•**««.«
envelope fur particulars. Guarantee Co.. \\
4 Ninth st.. Philadelphia. Pa.
SEWING MACHIXtTT^nATORS ASP IMV-*
rTPR c. >;o b-KPERIENCE MiCLSSARI.
plflV SALARY LEVI STRAUSS & CO.S
FACTORIES 32H FREMONT ST. AND !3T.>
MtsSION. NEAR FIFTEENTH.
r» DPFR^TOR 5 ? on overalls and n»gtiR««
A rtM T a^ GREEXEBACM. WEIL A MI-
CHELS 531 Mission St.: good pay; st-ady
work: a few inexperienced hands will be-
taken* an-1 taught.
FVPERIENCED power sewing machine oper-
ators for Singer and Wilcox & Glbbs ins.-
S; also for trimrner and I Wn need,,
machines. Apply J- J- PFISTER KN1T-
TING CO.. 412 Polk st. m
A REFINED vouns woman to teach cooking
¦ nd housework- must understand both thor-
"Sghl>?hour S 1 to 6 dally : salary *4O month
references. Phone Bush CIS, mornings SJgJJ-
GIRL for general housework; wages $20 to %Z'^
G M Cumberland .t.. bet Nineteenth and
Twentieth and Guerrero and Dolores Ms.
GIRL for housework and cooking: no washins:
thJeeln family: wages $20. Call Wednesday
and Thursday. 2423 Green st.
T vriT vour.g German girl to assist in
housVwcrW: 9M McAllister st. between La-
guna and Buchanan sun
. TAT , lr i for general housework; two in
N fa^Uy? referee. "• .Buen. Vl.t» ave .. 1«,
blocks from Halght_and_Baker.
WANTED-Experien«d tuckers on silk waists.
MARKS JiRoL l^J^etjU
WANTED— Mangle girls and ironera. Th«
French Laundry Co.. 3372 Mission st.
ACTIVE young lady to assist in candy store.
Call 4S5 Valencia st.
FIRST-CLASS finishers. BARON'S. 762 Mar-
ket st. . .
FIRST-CLASS saleslady wan ;«i" 10 **-
7«2 Market at.: no others need apply.
INDUSTRIOUS business women waWt^J*
handling mercantile propos u ?? ~ ! !,,^*
employment with the Royal Mercantll* Co
genteel work: gcod compensation Baits 13.
Columbian building. 01« Market st.
OPERATORS and tuckers »____* W J£' D "_;
gaod pay: permanent pesuwas. * wl '»
EROS.. 32O Market at.
r^ T o c^sur«s2s i i_|__S__|_£
Fifth. Open until U Jg^________________ _. m -— ,
HELP WA5TED— MALE.
MX.RRAT £ «§*£_.•__» SMI.
5S4H MAIN PHOSE.
Lealing Employment and Labor Agents.
MM XW f.VVF WO* WE HOPE TO
Sm^ORK. 6O.0«V
ARIZONA, close to PRESCOTT.
German or Scandinavian cook. wife. 150.
Carnage g££~^,S3SpS2 ?£
Arizona. To-day. Prescott.
Steady Jobs fcr two years: big wages.
ITALIAN'S.
40 Italians to chop wood: tcols found.
5 cook*. $20. *U>, X^>. *«<> «n<l found.
MURRAY & READT. KU-tSU Clay st. __
IN MENDOCINO COUNTY.
IS German or Scandinavian wcodchopp«rs.
No. 1 bis jib. $1 to $1 5<> cord.
•2 .pruners. Santa Cruz County,
fc'pooltamlfr; big lumber company. *33 found.
PRUXERS.
3 pruners, boss here to-day, $C0 and found.
Boy for city dairy offtte; must live with
parent3. $.10 to S35 a month.
MURRAY ic READY. C3t-tS6 Clay st.
COUNTRY HOTEL.
Head waiter. $50 to $60 and found.
' Night clerk. *U5 to $40 and found.
Manager here to-day.
Sexton Catholic church. $25 and found.
2 waiters, city hotels. W0 and found.
2 waiters. Eureka, fare paid. $•':.'> and found.
Walter, commercial hotel, far* fl. tZO foand.
BAKERS.
. Baker for a himb-r company, country.
2 bakers, country job. $13 to $2O week.
Baker, institution. $40 and found; 2 bakera*
helpers.
GOLD MINE.
j 2 amalgamators, gold mine, $3<\
\ Elevator boy. city: bellboy, city.
MILLWRIGHTS AND CARPENTERS.
4 millwrights, lumber company, country. $:i
day and found.
a carpenters, lumber company, country. $2 5O
day and found.
2 carpenters, fare $1 50. factory. $3 80 day.
BOSS HERE.
2 saooltendera. lumber company. $53 found.
:! spooltenders. lumber co.. $45-$5O and found.
2 rigging pullers, lumber co.. $40 and found.
MURRAY & READY. B34-6.JB Clay st.
AT Cal Emp. Agency. 14 Third St., near Call
bldg.
Com* Early. "Woodsmen. Ship To-day.
2 spool tenders. $o5 and found; 4 bucker*.
$30 to $M> and found. Railroad men — 50 la-
borers 1 , $2 a day: 23 teamsters, S'i to $2 50 n
day. Ranch hands — - ranch hands, near
city, $25 and found: 1 choreman. $20 and
found.
WANTED — First-class carpet and wall paper
salesman for l&rgc store rn interior city: S2*>
a week and percentage. J. F. CROSETT &
CO.. C2S Sacramento at.
, a— HOTEL GAZETTL". 26 Montgomery, r. 12—
Baker and paatry cook, city. $40.
WANTED — One first-class architectural drafta-
¦ man $3 04 per diem: one first-class assistant
structural steel work draftsman. M per diem;
one sublnapector. $4 p-»r diem. A competitive ex-
amination will be held for the above positions
at the navy yard. Mare Island. Cal.. Janu-
',' ary 2tf. 1904. For application and additional
• Information address "Commandant, N»r7
Yard. Mare Island. Cal."
I STENOGRAPHER wanted — A large business
house wants a comi>etent stenographer, who
has also a practical knowledge of commercial
Spanish: making out of consular Invoices,
translations, etc.: state age. experience, ref-
erences and machine last used. Address re-
ply box o224. Call office.
• J[Z L ~ ~ C
' Men to learn the barber trade tn two month*
and secure good positions; catalogue and full
information mailed free. MOLER System
College. «35 Clay st.
. WANTED — An intelligent boy. about 18 years
old, residing with parents, by a leading mer-
cantile house Tor offlce work; employment
I permanent; excellent chance for advancement
for the right boy. Adflress box 3031. Call
• MAN. honest, aetix-e. for outside work and col-
1 lecting: salary $00 month: chance for ad-
vancement: permanent: $2t)O cash deposit re-
quired. Box 3C55. Call offlcy.
WANTED — In a wholesale house. * strong
young man who lives with his parents to dn
' ervinds: references required. Address box
C0r>7. Call offlc;. - ¦¦¦
TOUNG reen everywhere, copy letters home
evenings; $D 5O week. Send addressed en-
velope for particulars. Manager Dept. W 4.
box 1411. Philadelphia. Pa.
•" GOVERNMENT positions — Call at room 14.
fifth floor. 305 Larkin St.. for free Informa-
tion as to positions, salaries, ase limits, etc. ;
• day or evenings.
. BARBER shop runnirs S chairs. Western Ad-
dition; finely fitted, good living rooms in con-
nection; very reasonable. D. STOLTZ. 723
j Market st. ' . ..;..
I TRT nur men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 per pair, foot-form shoes at $2 SO. or
orthopedic shoes. J.T 50; best shoes on earth'. 11
'• I Third st . Kxarn. bldg.. 5 doors from Market.
k I WANTED— In a wholesale dry gooda house, ex-
V perienced entry clerk; references required
Address *ox ZVZft. Call orflce.
- WANTED — A young man as stenographer:
0 wages $.f>: references required. Apply JOHN
d RAPP & SON. Eighth and Townsend sts.
STHADY, reliable man to assist In office; gnort
wages; no ext.e-ience necessary; small capital
S required. lGuTb Market st.. room 1.
_ WANTED — Driver for laundry wason~- must
have $250. .T'.72 Mission St.
f YOUNG marr wanted to wait on table and help
II in kitchen. 238 First st.
>. TRT cur men's shoes, union m«de~«t~il and
$1 50 pair; foot-form shcea at $2*80- w« nay
~ express or malt charges. U 3d St.. Exam, bid.
Z BUTCHER who can out meat for country shop-
>- ago 1» to 2ft; wages S>3. Cox S237, Call oftlce.
_ YOUNG man IS. to drive butcher wagon and
make himself useful. ltt)4 Hyde.
THE CALL
jOZff P. SPRECXEXS. Proprietor.
ALdras ccsiimiKsios to JCHS kcSADSHT. Kaaagsr
\V. J. MARTIN Business Manager
TELEPHONE.
Afk for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
nect Tou With the Department You \\ ish.
Publication Office Market and Third. S. F.
Editorial Rooms 217 to 221 Steveneon et.
Delivered by Carriers. 20 Cts. Per Week. 75
CU. Per Month. Single Copies D Cents.
Terms by Mail. Including Postage (.Cash With
DAILY CALL (fen-tad, i-unday). 1 year. . -$S.OO
PAlUr CALL uncluJ. Sunday). 6 mos 4.OO
DAILY CALL— By Single Month o «j*
Sl-NDAY CALL. 1 Y«ar -¦•>«
WEEKLY CALL. I Year ••••"C, 1 .
fPailv $S.8W Per Year Extra
FOREIGN j Bandar. 4 15 I'er Year Extra
POSTAGE. i Weekly.. 1.00 Per Year Extra
ALL ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS,
farr.p'.e Ccp'ts will be forwarded when re-
quested.
Mail subscribers tn ordering change of - ad-
dress ehou'.d be particular to give both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS tn order to insure a
prompt and correct compliance with their re-
quest.
OAKLAND OFFICE.
111*. Broadway Telephone Main IOSj
BERKELEY OFFICE. „
ritf Ceeter Street Telephone North <•
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
MORTON E. CRANE 1406 G Street. N. W.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
¦Ualdorf-Astoria Hotel: A. Brentano. «1
fn!on Square; Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-ave-
eue Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sfcerrcan House: P. O. News Co.: Great
Northern Hotel; Tremont House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KP.OGNESS. ..Marquette Bullaicg
*Lorg Distance Telephone, "-Central 2C19. >
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STilPHEN B. SMITH SO Tribune Build.ng
NTW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CAr.LTON Herald Square
BCEXKEES OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner Market and Third streets: open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
en Montgomery street, corner Clay; open un-
til »:30 t>. in.
JWi Hayo street: open until 9:30 p. m.
c*» McAllister street: cpen ur.til 0:30 p. m.
«15 Larkin street; cpen until 0:30 p. tn.
l:<41 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market street, comer Sixteenth; open un-
lil 9 n. m.
1(« Eleventh street: cpen until 9 p. m.
1C36 Valencia street; cpen until 9 p. m.
NertbeaM corner Church and Duncan streets:
«.pen until 9 d. tn.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky etreets; open unUl 9 p. ra. •
22C0 Fi*.!more street: open u-til 9 p. ra^
MEETIXC NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Lod^e of Perfection J»
1O A t A. S. R.. G3 Sutter st. — >fVf
<alle.l mating THIS I WEDNESDAY* />T\
EVENING, at 6 o'clock. 14th degree.
All brethren cf the Rit>- cordially invited.
Bv order of the Venrrable Master.
CHARLES JE1.LINEK. Secretary.
HERMANN I^odae No. 12. F. and A. e
M — Called meeting THIS DATVV
• WEDNESDAY). January «». 1DO4. 8t/V\
1 :30 o'clock p. m., at Masonic Temple,
for the Juneral of our deceased brother.
LOUIS DANXHEIMER. By order of the
W. M. L. SCHUMACHER. Sec.
MOUNT MORI All Lodge No. 44. F. «
and A M. — Stated meeting THlS^fV
(WEDNESDAY* EVENING, at 7 :U0 /V\
o'clock. THEQ. FROLICH. Sec.
CT.OCKETT Lodge No. 139. F. and A. Q
21.— Stated meeting and third de-^f%f
gree THIS (WEDNESDAY) EVEN- /V\
ING at 7:30 o'clock. 3y order or the
¦W. M. R. H. McPHERSON, Sec.
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 166. F. and A. Q
M . — Stated meeting THIS (WEDNES- *VSf
DAY* EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. /VN
H. J. OWEN, Sec.
MISSION Lodge Xo 1G9. F. and A. O
M.— Stated meeting THIS < WEDNES- VV
DAYi EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. /V\
R. E. ALLAN. Sec.
MASTER Mariners' Benevoler.t As- r-^--.
*oclation — Special meeting will b? iLTf^^
held at hall. ¦'Srt.' Post «.. January €. | f 2_. lss«
»:.><} a. m. All members are request-
ed to be r>r«*nt for the purpose of attending
the funeral of our deceased brother. ALFRED
CHRISTENSEN. irom T. Dierks' funeral
l.aricr. !>r>7 Mij-sicn et.. at 10 a. m. Uy order
et the preuioer.t.
.S. T R AUNG. R«?ccrding Sect etary .
Pl'BLUT installation of officers of fTa~-._
the Master Mariners' Benevolent |W^.^_
Asfoclation will be held at Red icS-*^
Men's Ha!I. 32<» Post Et.. THURS-
DAY EVENING. January 7. at 7:.'W o'clock
j-h?.rp. Members* tickets admitting member
ar.d ?)!•<? lady can b» had at the doer.
¦ERVIAN Montenegrin Literary g,
• nJ Benevolent Hociety. — Officers VpC?
ire members. y< u arc hereby <Tk£JSji
notified t<'> attend the regular S^QfSfO
..uart'iiy n:-«*tir:f; a: M .1 in*ta!la- SXrjJ**^
Don of officer* THIS (WEDNES- TTJSJpi l 5
DAT) EVENING. January •:. WgB SW
it T::;it o'clock sharp, at Ot'r.t
Market st. Fines for non-at-
tendance will t><> Ftrictly enforced. By or-
der cf J. E. KUKAVIZA. President.
M. G. STANISICH. Sec. -
THE officers and tnembrrs — -^—^ <SB
of Golden <J«t» Camp Xo. Sf/ <j ¦ u i w\l
¦.-"?-.•i 'to attend the EJv^WgiJffi&^J
frr*™; of our late neigh. '•aaP 11 *** 1 ' 1^
kr. FRANK D. GR1F-
riN. THURSDAY. January 7. at 8:30. fron
2221 Bryant st. •
WM. CARR. Consul Commander.
JOHN T. O'DONNELL. Clerk.
STOCKHOLDERS' MEETING fAnnual)— T<
ihe Stockholders of the Oceanic Stea.mshii
Company — Pleas* take notice that the an
rus.1 meeting of the stockholders o* th<
Oceanic Steamship Company will be held a
the jr;nr-lpal office of the company fl. e.
:^7 Market tt.. room 4. second floor), li
the city ar.d county of San Francisco. Stat<
of California en THURSDAY, the 21st da;
tt January. A. D. 1S04. at 11 o'clock «.. m.
for the purpose of cl«-etine directors and fo
the transaction of «urh other business a
may properly come before the meeting. Th*
stock transfer books cf the company will b
oIotH ten <10> days prior to f.ald day o
) meeting. By ord«r of the Board of Directors
H. W. THOMAP. Secretary Oceanic Steam
*htp' Company, 227 Market *t.. t-an Fran
ci»co. Cal.
TBK California Debris Commission having re
ceivej application to mine by hydraulic pro
ceck from E. C. Robinson, In Slug Gulc:
placer mine, nezr Fairplay, El Dorado Coun
ty. California, draining into Middle Fori
Cosurunes River, gives notice that tneetln,
will be bcld at rccrn 9ff. Flood building. Sa
Francisco, Cal.. January Is. 1&04, at 1 :3
P. in. -
¦ THE rr.nutl meeting of the stockholder* o
the Nevada National Bank of San Fran
Cisco. Cal.. will be held at Its bar.kln,
bouse. 201 Montgomery street. £an Fran
c'.ko. Gal., on Tuesday, January 12, 1MH
at Z:Ki p. ra.. for the election of dirvtor
to serve daring the ensuing year, ana fo
the transaction of such other business a
tr.ay com* fc--:cr» the meeting.
GEORGE GRAirr. Sec
' ran Francisco. Dec. 12. 1S03.
ANNUAL MEETING — Notice Is hereby give
fuat the nlleenth annual meeUng of the stock
holders of the Ban Francisco and Oakian
Mutual Loan Association will b- held at tb
t.f0t* of the corporation, 51S Montgomery st
*?an Francisco, en Wednesday. January (
1904. at SttsO p. m.. for the purpose of elect
irig director* fcr the ensuing year, present!
tlon of the fifteenth annual report and th
transaction of »uch other business that ma
. err.': bsrore the meeting. Books are now ope
for th« subscription to 1000 chares of stoc
cf the tlxteenth series. By order of the Boar
of Director*. •
• A. SBARBORO. Secretary.
ANNUAL Meeting — The annual meeting of th
*totkhoider« of the Spring Vallfy Wat<
Company will be h*ld at the office of th
/om&fciiy. >'o- 12ti Stockton «.. at 12 o'cloc
noon en WEDNESDAY, the 13th day c
January 1904. for the election of dlrectot
to serve for the ensuing year, and for tli
transaction of such other business aa ma
come before the meettos. ¦
come «**° pEIjHAaJ w . A MES. SecreUry.
Fan rYanciico. California. December 3*
1T>O3. -- ¦•
AVNUAL meeting — The regular annual tnee
'ing of the «tookbolders of the I'ajaro Vall«
Con*olidat«l Railroad Comna.ny will be hel
at tbe offlc* of the company, •izT Marki
»treet. 6«n Francisco, on MONDAY, the 181
dsy of January. 1904. at the hour of ]
o'clock a. m.. for the purpose. of electing
board of directors to nerve for the ensulr
year and- for the transaction of such oth.
Ktrtneiw as may coroe before the meetin,
The transfer booka of th« company will doi
en Friday. January 16. 1004. at 3 p. m.
"" V ™ W. U. HASNAM. Secretary.
A LITTLE WANT ADVePTlSmENT PLACED IN THESESAN FRANCISCO CALL,. WEDNESDAY. JANUARY 0, 1904.
15
RT3AL ESTATE CITY — FOR SALE.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & COMPANY, I
63S MARKET ST. .
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
. >. :<"¦ AUCTION. I
TUESDAY. Jan. 12, 1904 12 O'clock Noon
• At Our Salesrooms. €38 Market St. - ;
' -PARK PANHANDLE RESIDENCE. 'V- J
760 Cole M., near Waller. E. side; Im-
provements, a handsome cottage, built less Z
than 2 years ago at a cost: of $5000 for build-
Ing alone; contains 6 spacious rooms, porce-
lain bath. 2 patent flush toilets, laundry, high
basement, brick foundation.' ¦ :
MISSION FLATS. l
S. line of West ave,, 90 feet E. of Mission
st.. near 31st; lot 50x105 feet; Nos. 2, 4, 6, 8
West ave.; improvements, 4 brand new flats,
ontaining 4 and 5 rooms, porcelain bath, gas
grates, wooden mantels, modern In every re-
«pectr rented to first-clas9 tenants for $(55 per
month.
SECOND AVENUE RESIDENCE.
. No. 129 Second ave., bet. Lake and Califor-
nia sts. ; a handsome 0-room residence; porce-
lain bath, tiled sink, wooden mantels, etc.; al-
most new; mortgage of $3000 can remain.
BUSINESS INVESTMENT.
No. 1330 Alabama st.; 215 feet S. of 25th;
lot 23x100 feet; improvements, store with 4
living rooms; also -upper flat of 0 rooms and
bath, .with stable in the rear: rents $40 month.
TENTH-STREET FLATS.
Nos. 432 and 432*4 Tenth St., S. of Harrison;
2 very pretty flats of 4 rooms each; large sta-
ble en the premises; rent, $3(5 per month.
MISSION COTTAGE.
No. 415G 20th St., W. of Hartford; Improve-
ments consist of an excellent cottage contain-
ing 5 rooms and bath; high basement: con-
crete Bidewalk, bitumlnlzed street; mortgage
of $1000: this Is a dellRhtful neighborhood.
ASHBURY HEIGHTS BUILDING LOT.
E. line of Lotta St., 1C0 feet S. of Parnassus
ave. ; 25x101 feet; this property commands a
beautiful view and cannot be surpassed as a
business site for a residence or flat.
MINNA-STREET FLATS.
Nos. 563, 5«3%, 563A and 5(>3B Minna St.,
177:0 W. of Rues. bet. 6th and 7th; substan-
tial frame building- containing 4 very fine lit-
tle flats of 4 rooms. each; rented to flrst-clatts
tenants at $50 per month; concrete sidewalk;
10-foot basement ¦ ¦
VALENCIA-STREET CORNER.
Lot on NE. corner of Valencia and 24th sts.:
34:5x90 feet; an exceptionally fine location for
the erection of stores and flats.
MISSION RESIDENCE.
N. line of 2tith St., near Castro, No. 4226;
improvements consist of a residence containing
T rooms and bath; high basement; renting for
>40 per month; mortgage of $1000.
VALENCIA-STREET BUSINESS SITE.
W. line of, Valencia St., 261:6 feet N. of 26th
St.; extremely large piece of ground. 68x90 feet:
a most desirable business, site. ..
For further particulars and catalogue apply
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & COMPANY.
638 MARKET STREET.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK IXDTS.
$500 TO $1200; VERY EASY TERMS.
Why do so many buy our Oceanside lots?
Because no others there compare with them.
They have unobstructed ocean and park view.
They are on "Official Grade"; ready for
building.
Every lot Is a barealn. See them to-day.
Get off cars cor. 47th ave. and H st.
$60 to $250; near park and ocean; $5 monthly.
"Oceanside" branch office, cor. 40th ave. and
K st. Open Sundays and holidays.
- $500 to $1000 — Unexcelled Sunset district lota;
graded and. sewered; $10 monthly.
Sunset branch office on Oth ave., near H st.
J150 TO $350: DON'T MISS THIS.
New lots In the Excelsior Homestead.
Perfectly level; choicest location of all.
Near Mtesion-st. cars. $5 monthly.
$1200 to* $3500; modern cottases and houses
In Sunset, Richmond, Oceanside and Excel-
sior Homeetead. •
ALL BARGAINS; EASY TERMS.
SOL. GETZ & SON. Owners and Dealers.
Room 54, 4th floor. Chronicle bldg.
$5500 — COR. store, flat, cottage, with stock of
groceries and bar.
$6500—2 new flats/5 and 6 r. and b. on Dor-
land st.; rents $62 50 per month.
D. COFFIN & CO.. 3303 Mission et.
CALIFORNIA ' House Wrecking. Co. -pays" the
highest price for buildings and will wre.ck
the largest building completely within 10
days. Northwest corner Mission and Tenth
sts., office and yard.
BUILD on your unimDroved realty: wo loan
full cost Improv. and part lot at 0 per cent.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building.
CHIMNEY tops set ud. roofs repaired, by
Ahlbach & Mayer, plumbers. 836 Howard St.
LOTS, N or S side of Golden Gate Park, pur-
chased by W. J. GUNN. 530 .California st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
10 pages, In wrapper, fcr mailing, $1 per year.
REAL ESTATE— Country— For Sdle;
718 ACFES hear May field. 11 miles from -San
Jose: 100 acres full bearing prunes: large
vineyard; all good land; water piped every-
where; Immense concrete reservoirs; fine
houses, stables, barns, etc.; fenced in S fields;
cost $160,000: price $50,000. THORNE &
KILPA TRICK. 312 Bush St.. San Francisco.
45 ACRES of the beet vine land in Napa Val-
ley, opposite railroad station; good 2-story
9-room house. 2 large barns and stables,
windmill, large tank and cooperage, wagons,
buggy, horses. 1 , cows, etc: to settle estate.
Box 2S28. Call office.
$10 A MONTH buys a 10-acre farm.
$200 profit per annum per acre. ; .
Write for booklet. It's free. 603 X st.
WRIGHT t KIMBROUGH, Sacramento. Cal.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards; Inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 648
Market et. •
CHEAPEST arid best In America^ — The Weekly
Call. 16 pacrs. sent to any address In tha
United States or Canada one year for $1.
PO'NT ItlCHIWOlVP JR.EA3L. ESTATE.
WATER Trent lots and bargains; all tracts;
maps, photos, etc.: BELL, 417 Parrott bldf.
4 LOTS cheap for cash. 32S Bush St.. room
4. third floor. ' :* ' : •,'•'¦ -
BERKELEY ADVERT' S'M'NTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
BIG bargain; foreclosed property; almost new
8-room house; electric lights! good location;
street work done; lot 00x135; convenient to
station and electric cars; all fenced and
cross-fenced; chicken-house, barn; price
$2600; terms $250 cash, balance $20 monthly;
Opsn Sundays. 0. A. RUDOLPH, Lorln sta-
tian. .- : - ¦ ' .
BARGAIN — Good investment: 5-room cottage
near Telegraph ave. : lot 50x100; large tank-
house;.! block to- electrlo cars: price $1250;
terms $200 cash, balance $12 50 per month;
this house rents for enough to pay install-
ments;* open Sundays. O. A. RUDOLPH,
Lorln station. ¦ '-'.
SNAP— Modern, up-to-date 6-room house; large
lot, all fenced; close to station, street cars,
. school, church and stores; fine neighborhood;
price $2500; terms, $250 cash, balance $20
monthly; oren Sundays. O. A. RUDOLPH,
Lorln station.- ...-
A FEW SNAPS.
$3700— 7-room house; 1 year- built and all
furniture complete, range, dishes and alt; lot
42x120, and t>table; situated at 1927 Falrview
st. ; 1 block from cars, 2 blocks from Lorln
station. - . / : • •
$2800 — A neat, nice 6-room cottage tind cor
ner lot; size 30x100; , 6treer work complete;
electric cars pass door; only 3% blocks from
Ashby station, Berkeley; situated at 2828
Grove st.; terms can be had. ¦ •
$2425 — A nice 2-story house of 7. rooms and
(stable; lot 50x140; street work complete; 2448
Ashby ave., one block of electric cars and
only a short distance 1 from ..station; well
worth $3000; call and Inspect at once.
. • L. J. MORAN & CO., -• •
• 2131 Shattuck ave.. Berkeley station.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
| OFFICE, 1118 BBO AD WAY.
OAKLAND ROOMS TO LET.
MONTANA- House. 320 Eighth - st.; sunny
Kulte« and single rooms for housekeeping-
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
TCVMTjRiRO^r^hT'dlu^^
tur>. . H. Schellhaas. 11th St.. cor. store. Oakland.
proposals: • -
BAN FRANCISCO. Cal., Dec. 8.: IHC3.— Sealed
¦ proposals,' in triplicate, will be received here
: until -11 o'clock as m., January '8, 1904 r and
then ' opened' for construction of frame build-
ings (wagon • shed and < work t shop) at Fort
\Mlley, Cal. ' Government reserves right to
reject or accept any or all bids liT-whoIecr
In part.' Information furnished on applica-
tion to' WM. S. PATTEN, Assistant Quarter-
. master General. Chief Q. M.
MIfCKLLAXEOCS IFOJR SALE— Con.
A— Buys, setls or rents gear machinery, en- ]
pines, briiers. water pip*, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 2o3-2.*w Spear et .
50 HEAD calves, from 6 months to 12 months. ]
old. in fine condition. Apply at 1421 Buchan-
an st. J. LEIPSIC.
SIX foot oval gloss cabinet top show case. .
nickel plate, good condition ; cheap. Apply
12-4 Golden Gate ave.
TYPEWRITERS, slightly used, sold at cost; ;
new L'ndcrwood visible typewriter catalog
sent free. R. E. Revalk & Co.. San Francisco.
TltY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair: |
foot-form shCK-B at ?2 50; we pay express
charges. II 3<l st.. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
ALTERATION rale— Best $2 50 ..ats. $1 50.
Popular Price Hatter, :13<> Kearny st.. near
Pine; open to » p. m.: Sundays to noon.
TWO More counters for $10; worth $10. Apply
2200 Fiilmore t,t.
SAILING ark for fishing and hunting. S<&
Bush Ft., third floor, room 4.
SOME good second-hand pasoline engines. 1 to
12 H. P. cheap. E. B. Beck &. Co.. 122 Mkt,
FINE eteam automobile; first-class running or-
der. XV. V.. S2O Lyon St.. San Francisco.
SLOT machines cheap; Chicagoes. Twentieth
Centuries. Pucks. BACIGALUPI, 033 Market
DESKS and safes; see the complete line at ISIS
Market, ab. Van Ness. RICHARDSON BROS.
SAFES— New end second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO... 307 Battery st. .
NEW and second-hand machinery of all kinds.
KROGH MFG. CO . 510 Market st.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental:
bargains. Eullard & Breck. 131 Post st.
MILES of pipe and fittings: all sizes. EU-
•GENE RILEY & SONS. H»0 Vallejo St.
SAFES- New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market St.
Edison phonographs, records, supplies) moving
Picture machines. (51ms. Bacigalupi. 033 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sires. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters; all
msliit. ALEXAXDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y.
MISCELLA.VEOUS WANTS.
BOOKS aad libraries bought. H. C. HOLMES.
1145 Market st.; phone Jessie 3741, or postal.
I PAY highest prices for all kinds of cast-off
cluthing: send postal. MORRIS. S70 Folsom.
TILTON wants jjood eeeond-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 134 9th St.; tel Jessie 2S31.
MONEY TO LOAN.
A. A A— HERMAN 'MURPHY?"
601-602-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointment.
Save expenses by dealing: directly.
Estates-, second mortcases,. undivided inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property in trust,
etc.; lecacifcs. life estates and undivided in-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
TVhtn You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
MONEY leaned to salaried pe°P'*. retail mer-
chants, teamster?, board inc- houses, without
»< lllltj. easy payments; largest business in
40 principal cities. Tilman, r>53 Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at i!
per cent interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
M0 Market; tel. Main 1644. Branch. 10 Third.
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL, LOANS on fur-
niture, piancs, or to salaried people on their
note: proper tn>atm»nt guaranteed. ILLINOIS
TRUST CO., r. 16. Phelan bid., tel. Main 704.
A — 1 per cent on furniture or piano; no remov-
al, n.^ commission, no publicity; 525 up; quick,
private, confidential. 20 Montgomery, rm. 7.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant ave..
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10,000.
MONEY to loan on low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds", pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
NEAV easy method — To wage-earners on unin-
dorsed notes; absolute privacy. Fidelity Loan
Company, roome 4S-49, Chronicle hide.
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture; indorsed notes and other security. S. F.
Discount Agency, 143 Phelan building.
AT lowest rates on furniture and pianos; Ttrict
prJviicy;no commission installments accepted.
BONELLI. 'Ml Eddy, Conservatory building.
ANY sum on furniture or pianos; no removal;
Icwest ratp; easy payments; no commission.
1170 Market ft., room C3.
ALL loans on diamonds and jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 038 Kearny.
3*yc ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN. room 81. 6 Eddy St.
I PER cent on furniture or piano. 1003 Mu-
tual Savings Bank bids.. 70S Market at.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes. R.311, Mutual Sav. Bk.bld.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
indorser. MORELL. tioa Examiner building.
MONEY WAXTED. -
WANTED — $1000 to loan on first or second
mortgages; no agents. Address D. L., box
;^2:>. Call office.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
A FINE lot of bargains in second-hand pianos,
including such makes as Steinway. Haines
• Bro«.. Knabe, Baus. Foster. Weber. Star,
Marshall & Wendell. Sterling and other
makes. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, 1U O'Far-
rell et.; no branches ia San Francisco.
ALL makes; a list of 20 piancs under $100; 50
pianos from $100 to $200 and 200 pianos from
$2C0 up. We rent pianos good enough for
practice from $1 up. HEINE PIANO CO..
205-2^7 Oeary ft., largest piano and piano
player dealers of the We*t.
DURING the next few days we shall off.T nn-
usual opportunity for the purchase of good
instruments at exceedingly low prices, "you
can make money by calling on us at once.
. THE ZEXO MAUVAIS MUSIC COMPANY,
7(7J Market st.
JUST arrived, 3 carloads new pianos, for rent
$3 per mo.; 11 sood oecond-hand pianos to
be . *o!ci at cost. Soott-Curtaz Piano Co.,
SCO Hayea st.
A FISCHER upright piano for sale; good u
new; $13S. 2^7 Geary st.
$CS— UPRIGHT piano: Steck mahogany; nearly
new. HORNUNG BROS.. 21(5 McAllister et.
ALMOST new upright; cheap; cash or install-
ment. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister St.
BEAUTIFUL 3-pedal Steinway upright piano;
perfect order; sacrifice. ' Keeffe's.285 O' Farrell.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecillan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post st,
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, .old- and new. hT
MI'I.LER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AND STORES TO L.ET.
NICE flee office to let; also fine front desk
room. Call at 410 California tt.. room 21.
PERSOyALS. ~~ ¦
BARON"S CLOAK AND SUIT HOUSE.
Young ladies steadily employed can have
Baron's cloaks, suits, furs and tailor-made
¦ *uits to order; on -weekly or monthly pay-
ment plan, at regular marked prices. Con-
vince yourself by calling on BARON, 762
Market et.
ANY- cn<? knowing whereabouts of . EDWIN .
ESKILDSEN please notify his father.
GLORUE ESKILDSEN, Golden West Hotel;
age 7 years; one artificial leg; supposed tu
be in hospital or school in San Francisco.
NOTICE is hereby given that the undersigned
from and after this date will not be respon-
sible for any debts contracted by my wife,
ELIZABETH HAGEN, January 6, 1904.
PETER HAGEN.
G RADUATES of New York School of Massage.
Osteopathy, vapor and electric baths; face
vibrating machine for rheumatism; genuine
tubs, hot and cold water: trained nurses as
attendants. Prof, and Mrs. Morris, iCri Geary.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, im-
provts its growth, stops falling, cure* dandruff
and itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp; at druggists', hairdressers';
accept no substitute. Star Remedy Co., 1338
Polk »t. ¦
A — COME and let our doctors give you free
examination and advice; • you pay for the
medicine .only and at the lowest prices. LION
PHARMACY. 1500 Mission gt.. cor. 11th.
A NEW Idea In jewelry and Central . American
curios, Indian curtains, draperies, shawls,
etc.; the only store in the city that carries
this. FROWISS & SON. 1239 Polk. nr. Sutter
NOT how. cheap but how good is the motto of
the manufacturers of the " Rapid Rotary
Standard, the sewing-machine' of to-day. J.
W. EVANS, agent, 1021 Market st.
PHYSICIAN. 15 years* experience, cures p*r-
' manently morphine, cocaine habit. | Call or
. address Central Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave..
corner Sutter Bt. ; ¦ fee moderate.
MRS EATON, electric needle epeclallst, has
moved to 3C9 Setter. Lincoln blk., room COO.
MISS EATON, to 233 Geary, room 3S.
6PTC1AL OFFEIt for 1 mo.: ladies' suits made
to order: first-class work; $10: with material
furnished *2o ut a* u.-wiwom. aaa Geary, j
1
aTtTemovaT notice:.
Pacific Etnpioymr-nt Agency now at TitG Mont-
c pinery et < orr.er Clay, upstairs, fir?t flooe.
Pi"., ne Main 1191— Phone Main 1191. ."
(Kl.\. AND .SEE OUR NEW OFFICE.
•«OAL MINERS— OREGON— NEW MEXICO.
<HI'O. BUTTE COUNTY-HALF FAKE.
¦:Zi 2 Btrf I ban* teerr.sterp. $2 25 and $2 o'\
Mas and wile, run oichard <jn. shares, boss
' -bore; cock and chorea, ranch; 3 farmers.
1 RUG clerk: salary $Ii:0: give reference. Ad-
• 6rce* bo\ o2H\ Call office.
BARBEBF— for eale. 2-ehalr shop; old stand;
£..<-<} Trade. Apply Ca!l office.
liARBEn t^op f<~ r sale. 236 East Ft.
\V»;Y r a >" M* price* to have your shoes half-
?¦ripd »h*n you can get it done fcr 2.V. iOc
*nd We while you wait at 5C3 Mission St.,
- liet. ltt and 2«i Ett>.. cr 11 Third st.
WVVTF.D — *n al! around bookbinder : one who
can do forwanlinK and finishing on full
U.unds Apply SAXBOKN. VAIL & CO.. 741
Market Bt. \
wi; pay $'is a mek and esptaaea to men with
rl« i.» introduce poultry comuound: years
;.:.traot. Imperial Mfg. Co.. IJept. 54. Far-
Bona. KarsF.
\VANTEI>— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ei Rolkln Reno House rroprUtor. has
a<!<1fd 100 new rooms to the ivnver House,
. 217 Third St.; £50 rooms; £.'0 to T>Cc per night.
At'ANTED — Yourr man to «r?ist in office of
large wholesale bouae: i-tate agre and refer-
fiv-es. Box :;21S. Call.
PALMER HENDRIKSON. formerly of Seattle.
¦ • if earnestly requested to write to his sorrow-
;r.fi njother. or come home.
lw YOUNG n:en of IS yais. with good char-
' acter to organize military organization.
" Call at 473 Valencia ft.. b»>t. G and 8 p. m.
KXPERIKNcni* adv*rtisins m*n wanted;
comething r.^w. 4"" Pupcnt et.. after 9 a. m.
• MUSICIANS co join military band. S2S Uush
st.. thirJ fl'^or, ro^m 4.
FOR sal« — Cheap; 2-cha'.r shop, lnrpuire 107^
Fifth Et-
p-fiR fH'.e — 3-<-hair barter shop. 2*5 Ka?t rt.-
"FOR ssle — T"<vo-''hair barber thop very cheap.
. IXBO Howard st.
PENSION ATTY.. M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis St.; 14
years' practice; referenres from thousands of
• persons for whom I have 6ecored pensions.
AT once, two hiich-crji'le canvassers fcr raaga-
line work. S3 Columbian t>ld£. : city.
MEN to l*arn barber trade. San Francisco
Barber College. 741 A Howard st.
FEAMEN fnr Australia a:id Europe; al*o green
bards for whaling. HERMAN'S. 22 East et.
rE-NSION attj.. E. .A. BolUs. room 40. Phelan
»:<1r. Past Com. Oeo. H. Thomas Post. G.A.R.
l^POXALD &• PERRY have a large stock of
new ani fecond-hand shoe*; cheap. 239 3d it.
WINCHESTER HotH. 44 TMrd~M "near Mar-
ket — ~(«1 rooraf; She night; reading roome;
fr'-o 'bus and baFgape to and from ferry.
A BRANCH r.ff.ce of Th" Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscription* has been
opened at K<0S Market «.. opposite Fifth.
.. Open until 11 p. m.
•ALL sizes men's 6ho»*. slightly damaged, half
I rice. 5C3 Mission st.. b»t. 1st and 2d Ets.
fJHT your shoe* half soled while waiting; 2Sc
to. 5<y fiC.-. Miyyion gt.. bet, lei, and 2d sts.
HORSKS AM) WAGOXS.
Al EXPRESS wason. light camping wagon
'ar.d po-cart for sale cheap. I»32 Mission st.
FOR tal* — Handsome trap, cheap. Box 3759,
Ca!l office.
.l^ar(r«**t assortmt 2-hRTri wagons, buckb'd. tur-
r^y.harrtef-s.work.drivinir borses. 15th- Valencia.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list of houses to let; scad for cir-
cular. G 1I.UMESEN &CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A — HOUSES and flats to let: an immense list:
- wnice stbsoluie!y tref. take advantage of
•this department; it will save you tirr.e ar.d
trouble. Corocs Furr.iture Co.. 245-259 Geary
et., en the square.
VEt'dTxE incvSntr «tir printed 1!« of house*
' to let. BALDWIN & FiOWELL. 25 Post st.
1IQCSES TO LET FGKMSHED.
COMPLETELY furnished house of S rocms a.id
bath; Oak st., rear Fillmore; rent cheap.
Apply t20 Oak st.
HOI SUS WASTED.
W ANTED — Houk of 7 to O rooms; modern.
• etc.: Western Addition. Telephone Scott 1382.
LOST AKD POUND.
LOST— A pass book with the Hlbernia Sav-
ings end Loan S?oeietv of San Francisco In
'the nariie of ELIZABETH G. BERRY. No.
260-413. The finder will please return to
. bank.
• L/CST— Ledy'e fo!d watch, with initial* "H. '
A.." Hairht-ft. car. Saturday morning;
keepsake of debased «ister. Return to 2t>5
. . Laussai ave.. between FiUmore aad Steiner.
" Reward.
LOFT — On Monday afternoon, between Scott
¦o-x-.i Jones Ft*., a bar pin of diamonds and
t#»riF; kuitable reward. WOODS. 2321 Scott!
street.
LOST— Coming from the Chutes Sunday, gold
• • ring. 2 r*» r !* and 4 fclue stones; valued as
' ker-jicak*: "H. W." engraved Inside. Return
to Itil7^j Lesvenworth: reward.
LOST— Racetrack pran^ftand. OaJUand, or on
• train, pair field frlaEseF. aluminum, brown
•lather. Return tc cafhle*- NEVILLE &
. CO., .".3 California Ft.; liberal reward.
LOST — Foxterrier. female, black and white
• r.-.trkircs. $20 "reward If returned to DICK
1>OHERTY. Imperial Kaloon. Powell and
' .Kllis sts.
LOST — A ra*=Frxv,k with the Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco In the
¦ name cf LOUIS C. MAYER. No. 263.C23.
The ftni'r Will please return to bank.
• LO.<T — Blsrk cocker spaniel pup; answer* to
nanw of "Kinir": silver collar: reward of $5.
NitK UAYMOND. 109 Van- Ness ave.
X>OST — Boaday afternoon. amethyst «ea!
• • charm. Hawaiian coat of arms cut on stone.
Suitable rewerd if returned to C23 Eddy st.
LO?T— Diamond pin. sunburst pau<rn; ?25 re-
ward. N. BLOCK. HO Pine 6t.
• FOUND — Market Ft.. Saturday evening, small
. fold «-hain and lockrt with monogrram. 203
'iuerrrro Ft.
FfH'ND— Silver watrh. Powell and Market. In-
, • quire Felice Staticn, pay charges and receive
Fame.
•lEDICAL
MT.S. r>R. WTETH. specialist for all fensa'.e
complaints; inetant relief guaranteed; 30
years' experience: removed to KM Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and irregularities; instant re-
" Her guaranteed. 1008'^ Market St.. opp. 5th.
T3R. G. W. O'DONNELL — A!I who are eick or
¦ in trouble consult this epeciallst on female
complaints; positively corrected; the unfortu-
r.au helped; the most difficult case* treated;
advice free. Office. 1018 Market st.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES la EARS
positively cured; new method; 1 week's treat.
tuer.t fr*e. Dr. Cottincham. 204 Sutter st.
Hr%. Goodwin. 733 Turk, cr. Van Ness — Expert
in rtttetrics, female complaints; Inst. relief;
treatment flO; hours. 10 to 5; 25 years' exper.
M R S. 1). ALLEN. 1113 Market— Reliable, ladies'
Bpedabat; a pri\'ate home before aad during
confinement; best medical care; low fee«.
DR. ROfEN resides 2303 Foliom «t., corner
• • 26th; ladies, relief or no fee; tlO.
DR- and MRS. DAVIES and HINDOO HERBS;
_*>r!rinal method of treatment; 1126 Market st.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 319 Powell St.. opposite
Paten fquare; all diseases cured by herbs.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BfJlJ-EP.fi, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIX-
"OSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
TRY Af-BESTOs roor j.alnt'and be convinced
»f--«t it it the only paint that will rtop all
I*ak» in ar.y rocf, either tnetal or shingle; It
H also the best preservative paint for all new
mttil and shingle roofs, and makes the root
lart over twice a« Ions than painted witn
" afiy other paints; it has no equal. OCflce. 41»
'-'tlifcrtila at., room 21; telephone James 5<Io.
DOE? YOUR ROOF LEAK?
J'.f j'air j t w -i tn eiaterite; In rolls easy to lay:
need* no painting or coating; good over old
-rcn. tin or f hlng!**: best for new roofs.
. ELATKRITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
2D-HAKD machinery, boilers, engines, pumps,
pulleys, ehaftin?.' etc.. etc.. bought.- sold,
• rented end exchanged; see Sunday papers.
.¦H. S. WHITE MCHY CO.. 130-132 Scale gt.
A— Fine suits. $7 50; dress pants. $2 50. Origi-
nal Misfit Clothing Parlors, 238 Kearny St..
°«ar Buth; open to 9 p. m., Sunday to noon.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
•vlO21# Market St.. bet. Cth and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
DR. M. MATSUDA has returned from Orient.
¦ Now at SE. corner Geary and Taytor sts.
BLOOD skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073% Market st. •
REMOVED — DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor,
treats alt diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 -Mason; now lo-
cated at 667 Geary st:. near Leavenworth.
DR. TONG PO CHY. successor to Dr. LI Po
Tal, herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor— All dls-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay, st.
; SPECIAL NOTICES.
NOTICE — The secretary of the San Francisco
Protestant Orphan Asylum Society herewith
gives notice that the following orphan and ]
half-orphan girls and boys have been ad-
mitted to the asylum on Halght st. from
July 1, lOiXi, to January 1, 1004: Josephine
V. Johnson, 7 jtf. 10 mos. : Neta G. Johnson, j
; 5 yrs. 6 mos. ; Florence WUHston. 5 yrs. 8
mos. ; Ruth G. Estee, 10 yrs. ; Ora M. White.
9 » yrs. 7 mos. ; I Martha Goessel. 3 yrs. 0
raos. : Fannie Ambler, 11 yrs C mos.: Laura
Ambler, y yrs. 6 mos.; Helen Bett, 7 yrs. 9
mos. ; Eva Daniels, 2 yrs. 4 mos. ; Katie L.
Schmidt, 3 yrs. 11 mos.; Eureelee Winning-
ham, 7 JT8.-4 mos.; Elizabeth A. Helberg. 3
yrs. 7 moB. ; Cecil C. WUliston, 7 yrs. 7 mos.;
Edgar J. Mayers. 4. yrs. ; Herman Lindner, 4
yrs. 1L mos.; James R. I. Davis, 6 yrs. 6
mos.; William R. Estee. 0 yrs. 10 mos.:
Willard E. Estee,. 4 yrs. 3 mos.; Gustav
Dieftenbacker, 7 yrs.; Norman L. Abbate, 7
yrs. 8 mos. •
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES
SEWING machines— Second hand. $3. $5, $8;
slightly used. $10. $15. $20; rents at cut rates.
New Home Sewing Machine Crf.. 1051 Market.
A^ J^^EHOUSES. '^
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, mpved. shipped. 725-
731 Howard «t.. nr. Third: Dhone Grant 161.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co.. of-
flce_Post and Powell sts.: tel. Prlve. Ex. 671.
CONKLIN'S storages-Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave.; phone East 126.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made: 840
MIsBtorrBt.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore st. ; phone Jackson 231.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery
EtJ: tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates
STUTTERING AND STAMMERING.
MELBOURNE School. Van Ness-Market — Cure
In every case: individual teaching; no medi-
cine. Inquire into ¦wonderful cures ; home cure.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No. 1
• Smith Premier, $25; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices: rentals $2 50. The
Typewriter Exchange. 536 California st.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; get par-
ticulars of L. 4. M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gomery st.
A typewriter at any priie; agents Fay-Sholes,
$100; Sun, $40; Commercial. $35: Postal. $25.
CUNNINGHAM. CURTISS & WELCH.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriting Inspec. Co.. 803 Market.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.,
DIVIDEND • NOTICE — The Nevada National
Bank of San Francisco: At a regular meet-
ing of the board dl directors of this bank,
; held January 6, 1904. a dividend was de-
clared for the half year ending December
31, 1903. at the rate of seven «7) per cent
per annum, payable on • and after the 1.1th
inst. ; transfer books will be closed from the
10th to the 15th inst., both days inclusive.
, GEORGE GRANT, Secretary.
San Francisco, January 5. 1904.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— CALIFORNIA SAFE
DEPOSIT AND TRUST COMPANY, corner
California and Montgomery sts.. For the
six months ending December 31. 1003. divi-
dends have been declared on deposits in th»
" cavlngs department of this company, as .fol-
low" : On term deposits at the i rats, of
3 6-10 per cent per annum, and on ordinary
depoelts at the rate of 3 per cent per an-
urn. free of taxes, and payable on and after
Saturday, January 2, 1904. Dividends un-
called for are added to the principal after
January 1. 1904. J. DALZELL BROWN.
.Manager. /
SAN FRANCISCO and Suburban Home -Build-
ing Society. 5th floor. Mutual Savings Bank
building. 70S Market St., opposite Third—
For the half-year ending 31st 'nf December,
1003 -a "dividend has been declared at the
rate per annum of* (12) twelve per cent on
capital, stock and participating certificates,
free of taxes, payable on and after SATUR-
DAY. January 2, 1904. JOSEPH A. LEON-
ARD, Manager. HUGH CRAIG, Secretary.
i)IVIDEND Notice— The Giant Powder Com-
pany, Con.: A dividend, No. 61. of fifty
cents (50c) per share on the Issued capital
stock of the company has been declared, pay-
able at the office of the company, rooms 202.
204 and 206 Ilayward building, San Fran-
cisco, on January 11, 1904; . transfer books
close Jan~; 4. at noon. " C. C. QU1NN. St*;.
OFFICE of the Hlbernia Savings and Loan
Society, corner Market. McAllister and Jones
ets.— San Francisco, December 28, 1003. — At
a regular meetlnn of the board of directors
of this society, held this day. a dividend has
been declared Ht the rate of three and one-
fourth. (3V4) Der cent. per annum on all de-
posits' for the she months ending December
31, 1903. free from all taxes and payable on
and after January 2, 1904.
ROBERT J. T0BIN, Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice— Savings and Loan Society.
, 101 Montgomery St.. corner Sutter. has de-
clared a dividend for the term ending Decem-
ber 31, 1 1903. at the rate of three and one-
quarter (3V4) per cent per annum on all de-
posits, free of taxes, and payable on and af-
ter January 2, 1904.
(Signed) CYRUS W. CARMANY, Cashier.
A DIVIDEND In liquidation of 8 per cent on
all deposits has been declared by the Cali-
fornia Savings and Loan Society, payable
on and after Saturday. Jan. 2. 1904. at the
' office of the society. Mills bulldins. second
floor, room 28. San Francisco. Cal. CHAS.
P. FARQUHARSON. Secretary.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMKNTS. V
OENT^tAir^A^mC^A^L^v^T^OM^A^Y
FIRST REFUNDING MORTGAGE BONDS —
Notice Is hereby given that, pursuant to the
provision of Article Eight of the mortgage
from this Company to the Central Trust Com-
pany of New York, Trustee, dated August 1,
1S99, this Company has set apart cut of the
net income derived by It from the lines of
railroad therein mortgaged the sum of Twen-
ty-five thousand dollars In trust to be used
to redeem said bonds, and that 'bonds Issued
under said mortgage will be redeemed there-
with and bids are hereby invited for the sur-
render of such bonds at prices to be named by
the bidders, to the amount requisite to ex-
haust said sum. Such bids should be pre-
sented to this Company at its office. 120
.Broadway. In the City of New York, on or
before the 1st day of February, 1004. at
twelve o'clock noon, and should be Indorsed
"Bids for Surrender of Central Pacific Rail-
way Company- First Refunding Bonds.".
CENTRAL PACIFIC RAILWAY COMPANY.
By E. H. HARRIMAN. President.
New York. January 2, 1S04.
marriagp Licenses.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Walter A. Hortbn, 23, 1111 Sutter street, and
Carrie W. Buckingham, 20. 1111 Sutter street.
Peter O. Dock, 43. 48 .Wildey avenue, and
May B. Murphy. 30. 1243 Polk street.
Robert H. Stewart, 30. 1514 Kentucky street,
and Linda M. Bradley, ¦42, 26.10 Howard street.
William H. BUSS, 35, Niles, y and Mary J.
Fitzgerald, 27, 49 Brosnan street.
Edward Graves, • 28. 126- Ellis street, and
Nellie S. Meyer, 20. Suisun.
Frederick W.- Kimbie. 24, 43 Boyce street,
and Margaret J. Murray, 23, 43 Boyce street.-
Ellsec Martin.- 23, 610. Pacific street, and
Augustine Vtalard. 24; 1S12 Pine street.
Agcstino . Blancalana, 32, Isleton, and Sera-
fina Fredlanl. 24. . 115 Juniper street.
Song F Nob.- .12, 800 Washington street, and
Matilda T. Chancey. 21. 020 Washington st.
;BIRTHS—MARRIAaES— DEATHS.
Birth,' marrla*e ¦ and death notices Fent b
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at cither of the publication offices and ba
•1 Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have ¦ the same published.
. Notices restricted simply to the announcement
f of. the event are published once In this column
free of charge. i _ ' -Vy ;
! ' -\ . BORN.
. BOWMAN— In this , city. January 4. 1004." to
the wife of W. A. Bowman, a daughter. :
. MCCARTHY— In this city, January 4. 1904, to
• the wife of Harry -McCarthy, a son. ¦•¦
•i ¦.. MARRIED.
I KRUEGER— METZLER— In this city, January
i 2. 1004. by the Rev. J. Fuendellng, Hermann
. Krueger and Margaretha Metzler. ' ;,
t MEYER— WALLMANN— In this city, January
3 . 2. 1004, by the Rev. J. H. Schroeder, Henry
r C. Meyer and Lizzie 'May Wallmann. '•-* ' - '
- WINTER— EGGER — In this city, January 2.
- ' 1904, by the Rev. J. Fuendellng. Max Winter
"¦. and Emma Egser, both of Oakland. Cal.
TERSOXAI.S — Continued.^ 1
DRUNKENNESS~inorphlne and all drugs d!s- !
eases positively cured by Willow Bark Co..
1S39 Polk St.: consultation free; call or write.
LIQUOR habit cured In 2 days or no charges;
fruaranteed. Acme Liquor Cure Co.. 007 Mar-
ket St.. room 203; phone South 751.
AT lees than cost, uncalled for suits, overcoats,
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS". London
Tailor. 721 Market st.
ELEGANT suits on easy Installments: 50 cents
and up per week. LEON LEMOS. 1127 Mar-
ket tt.. between Seventh and Eighth.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday. Sun-
day evKs., Teutonla Hall. Howard nt.'. near
9th: Prof. Foster;. society dancing taught.
Bon March* Pants Co. ; special $5 pants to or-
tifr. Rooms 14 & 1«. 40 Ellis. Tel.Drumm 41.
MASQUERADE eestumes. play books. wl(f6;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN* CO., 733 Mkt.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
tric needle. Dr. & Mrs. Traverse. 1170 Market.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50: dress pants $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
ALFREDUM'S Enyptlan Henna restore* gray
hair to its natural color; H; at all druggists'.
FALMISTJVY.
MME. DEVAS. scientific palmist and astrolo-
glst; jialm readings $1; 3 questions by ex-
press, $1; open Tuesday eve. also. 139 Post st.
NEERGAARD palmistry class begins Jan. 5. 8
p. m., at 242 Post St.: readings daily^ _
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 515
Taylor st.. near Geary. Phone Plack 5C1.
ROOMS FOR HOCSE KEEPING.^
GEARY. 1002— Nlcely"*furnlshed sunny rooms,
en suite or single; housekeeping privileges;
running water; gas; reasonable.
HAIGHT, 218 — 2 splendid rooms, $20; also very
sunny front room, with kitchen; ?17 00.
HYDE, 414— Two completely furnished sunny
rear basement hkpg. rooms; bath, etc.; ?14.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pine st..
near Hyde — Sunny 3-room furnished suites;
steam- heat; electric lighted; free -baths;
rates $30 up.
MINNA. 514~Nice housekeeping room.
MODEL House, 1206 Stockton— Newly furnished
rocms, $5-$12; gas. bath, pbone.
POLK. 1020, near Geary— Neatly furnished
front houeekeeolng rooms: reasonable.
SEVENTH, 191 — Nice sunn y , room a for house-
keeping. _
SUTTER. 2620— Furnished bedroom, dinlng-
room. kitchen, yard, bath: use parlor.
' APAHTMEST HOUSES.
MONTCLAIR APARTMENTS.
Corner Pine and Taylor 6ts. ; beautiful new
modern apartments; all sunny corner suites;
furnished or unfurnished; none superior; ma-
rine view. LYON & HOAG. 116 Montgomary.
THE OABLES,
Cor. Clay and Larkin sts. — Modern 3-4-5-room
up-to-date apartments; furnished or Unfur-
nished; all latest conveniences; reservation*
can be made on premises, 1 to 4: terms reas.
ST. CECILE. 115 Fell St., above Van Ness— The
acme of perfection in modern, elegantly fur-
nished 3-room apartments; private bath",
steam heat. elec. lights, elevator, gas ranges.
ST. LOUIS. 1575 Jackson St.— Modern 3-4-5
rooms, also single: furnished or unfurnished;
marine vle-w; now open; references.
AUGUSTINE, 945 Post — 3 and 4 rooms; fur-
nished new and ud to date.
HADDON HALL.
051 EDDY ST. REFERENCES.
ROOMS TO LET— Fern, and Unfarn.
AURORA, corner Second and Folsom sis. — New
house, new furniture; every room outside;
modern and sunny; prices from $1 50 per
week up; this is the only up-to-date house in
this vicinity; first-class grill attached.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth at.— Ro<Jms
25c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping "rooms; open all night. '
ABERDEEN. S3C Sutter — Just opened; hand-
somely fur.; cor. suites; bath; sun all day;
fine view; single rms.; tourists; excl. location.
AT "The Almonte," 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth st.)— Rooms. 25c. 50c. $1. $1 50 night;
$1 SO to (10 week: house open all night. -
AT the Pierpont. 450 Ellis — Newly furnished
rms.; elevator; hot & cold water; transient.
A well-furnished 6unny room; running water;
central; prl. fam; gentleman. Box 305S, Call.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
njshed rooms, euite. single; also unfurnished.
BUSH. 80S— Single rooms, private family, for
gentlemen with best references; no sign.
CALIFORNIA, 2304, bet. Webster and Fill-
more — Good room; grate; bath adjoining; $8.
CAPP. 816 — Sunny furnished front rooms; pri-
vate family; rent reasonable.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
FILLMORE, 928, near McAllister St.— Nicely
furnished room in a fine locality; car line
passes the door: reasonable.
FOURTH. 475 (first floor)— Nicely furnished
room In private family; rent reasonable.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Room* 50c
to $1 50 night; $1 to $3 week; reading-room.
JESSuX 363. east U. S. Mint— Furnished
rooms; $0 and $7 per month.
LARCHMONT. 361 Sutter— Sunny rooms; elec-
tric lights; elevator; central; transient.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis — Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms per night, 35c to ?1 50; week. $2
to $S; month. (8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
ST. JAMES, McAllister and Laguna— A sunny
furnished single room; rent $7.
SUMNER, 22 — 2 sunny unfurnished front
rooms.
SUTTER. 1022 Vs. near Hyde — Large sunny
double parlors, with kltch.. laboratory; reas.
TAYLOR. 51 5B— Sunny front room; piano, gas,
bath; suitable for 2; private family.
THE FREMONT. 1864 MARKET ST.— Strictly
flnrt-class elegantly furn. rooming- hotel.
Tel. South 1133. Capt. H. O. Ulberg. Prop.
TURK, 1218 — Furnished room, with use ot
kitchen If desired; also single front room.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market— 400
rooms. 35c to $1 night. $1 75 to $6 week; elec- I
trie lights (no gas), running water In every
room: elevator, read. -room; free bus; baggage.
VAN NESS, 518 — Handsome sunny furnished
suites and single rooms; all conveniences.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. near Market—
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms:
35c to $1 50 night; $2 to $8 week; elevator;
elec. lights: reading-room; free bus; baggage.
WOLF Uouk, 202 Sixth— Electrlo light In
every room: room from 15c to 91 per night.
75c to $5 per week: open all night.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market st.. opposite. Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m. .,
ROOMS AND BOARD. "~~-
X^ H^T^L^^TIMOREr^ ~ JWJ '
VAN NESS AVE.. NEAR GEARY ST.
AMERICAN PLAN.
PHONE PRIVATE EXCHANGE 706.
SELECT FIRST-CLASS FAMILY HOTEL.
HOT AND COLD OCEAN WATER.' .
SPECIAL RATES BY THE MONTH.
MUNGER & ZEBERG. PROPRIETORS. '
A HOTEL HATTON
SE. COR. PINE AND TAYLOR — -
This new and rustic constructed hotel Is sit-
uated in the city's swellest quarter and will
be handiEomrly furnished throughout with all
the very latest conveniences; Is now open for
occupancy; reservations can now be made on
premises daily. • '
ELEGANT. front, funny alcove room; running
water, gas, bath;, suitable for two, with
board: private family; also another room.
1224 Golden Gate ave.; phone Stelher 362tf.
CALIFORNIA. 1246— Most eelect location In
modern, elegantly furnished private home;
table unsurpassed; marine view.
HOTEL MARTINET. Geary st and Van Ness
ave.. has changed hands; hereafter conducted
first-class family hotel; table board specialty.
FURNISHED rooms with' board. 740 gtlls st.
THE NIRA, 615 Taylor— Nicely furnished, sun-
ny suites; also single; excellent table.
NEWPORT. 1018 Pine, near Tayloi- — Large gun-
ny room; also single room; excellent table. , '
Stevenson mansion. 807 California — Fine rooms;
new chefs; colored service; table specialty.
O'FARRELL. 30S — Furnished rooms; home
cooking; German family; $6 per week. »:• :
ROOMS WANTED.
3 FUR. housekeeping rms.; 2 adults and child;
Mission preferred: state terms. Box 3230, Call.
fully Invited to attend th» funeral servlcstj
Tnuislay morning. January 7. 1JWV4. at 10:30
o'clock, at fcer lat» residertc*. 2727 Dwlght
way. Berkeley. Cremation at the Oakland
Crematory.
PERRY— In this city. January 2. 1904. Charles
O. Perry, h native- of Greencastle. Irrd.
E^Frienda ar« invited to attend the fu-
neral services at 2 o'clock. Wednesday. Jan-
uary fi. at the First Unitarian Church, cor-
ner Franklin and Geary streets. Remains
at the parlors of N. Gray & Co.. 353 Sut-
ter street.
PLATZ— In this city. January 5. 19O4. at th»
residence cf hpr parents, -. 2CS7 Pin« street.
Elizabeth, -dearly beloved daughter of Jo-
seph ami Elizabeth Platz. and rtevoted sis-
ter of Josephine. Charles. Jcsjph Jr., Anna
and Cecelia Plat2. a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 20 years 10 months and 28 daya.
QUIGLEY— In thin city. January 5. 190», at
his residence. 220 I-auj-sat avenue. Frank P..
dearly beloved hu»band of Pauline L. Qu!g-
ley (nee Reardort). lovlns father of James
M.. Gertrude L.. Raymond V.. Frank W>.
and Alice D. Quisley, beloved aon of Cath-
' crine Quigley of Kansas City, and brother
of J. M. Quigley of New York. John and
Louis Quigley nf Kansas City and Joseph
Quigley of Portland. Or., a native of N«w
York, azed 48 years and 5 month3.
ROBERTSON— In this city. January 3. 1904.
Andrew . Robertson, a native of Scotland,
ased KJ years 2 months and 23 days.
CTFrier.ds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the par-
lora of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission stre*t.
between Soventh and Eighth. Interment Na-
tional Cemetery. PreaMio.
ROLLINS — In this city. January 5. 1904. John
Edward Rollins, beloved husband of Emma
A. Rollins, father of Gertrude C. Rollia*.
and brother of Martin H. Rollins, a nattvw
of Utah, ated 40 year*.
STUDLEY— In Chicago. December 30. 1903.
Rev. George Howard Studley. dearly be-
loved husband of Alta C. Studley. father of
George M.. Alta C and Hlllman Q. Stud-
ley. son of Oeore»-W. and Abbte A. Studlwy.
and brother of Ruby W. Studley., a native of
California, aged 2» years 10 mpnths and 9
days. .•
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect- -
fully Invited to attend the funeral service!
to-day (Wednesday )yat 11 o'clock, at Grace
M. E. Church, corner Twenty-first and Capp
streets. Interment Cypress Lawn Ce.mete.ry.
by electric car from corner Elshteanth and
Guerrero streets. Remains at the re»tdenc«
of his parents. 727 Shotwell atreet. between
Twenty-first and Twenty-second street* '
SWANN— In this city. January 3, 1904. -Ame-
lia Ann Swann. beloved mother of Josephtn*
Broadie. and grandmother of Maude SlngU-
ton and Kate Peepers, a native of. Mary-
land, aged 85 years.
E7"Frlends and acquaintance* ar« respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 11 o'clock, from her lat«
residence. 1028 Jackson street, between Ma-
son and Taylor. Interment Mount Olivet.
Cemetery.
TALBOT— In this city. January 5. 1904. at th»
residence. 213 Lanston street. Batrice M-.
beloved Infant son of Edward an* Mary
Talbot. a native of San Francisco, axed 1 " t
year 10 months and 24 days.
THAUWALD— In this city. January 4. 1904.
Herman Thauwald, beloved husband of Ber-
tha Thauwald. ar.d beloved father of Anna.
Hilda 2nd Harry Thauwald. a native ! af
Hohenstein and Ernsthol. Germany, ruted 55
years and 11 months. A memb«r of tn»
San Fr»nci»co Turn Verein. Vereln German
War Veterans and Freundschaft Saens«r-
bund.
C7FrleBds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invltfd tr. attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday). At 1 o'clock, from the San
Francisco Turner Hall. .153 Turk street,
where services will be held under the aus-
pices of the San Francisco Turn \>r«tn.
Remains at the parlors of Gantner Bros..
12TJS* M!sslon street, between Et*hth »«*
Ninth, until 12 o'clock m. Wednesday. Janu-
ary «, 1904 Crematicn Odd Fellows' Ceme-
tery. ,
TRUMBULL— In Alameda, January 5. ISO*.
Margaret Tri'.mbull. wife of the lat-» Wil-
liam Trumbull. a native of Ireland, a^ed m
years 11 month* and in days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral s-rvtces
Thursday. January 7. WC4. at 1 o clock, at
the residence of Mrs. Susan Lanktree. 923
Pacific avenu*. Interment Mountain View
Cemetery.
WAGNEK— In the City and County Hospital,
January 4. 1904, John Wagner, a native ot
Germany, ased 61 years.
WALKER— In this city. January 5. 19O4. Mar-
garet, relict ot the late Alexander Walker,
and motHer of Alexander, James. John and
Samuel Walker and Mrs. Elizabeth Pickard.
a native of Connty Down, Ireland, aged 73
years ar.d 5 days.
tyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
• Thursday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street,
between Seventh anil Eishth. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery.
WHITE— In this city, January 5, 1904, John
J.. beloved son of John J.' and Annie E.
White, father of Robert J. White, and
brother of Charles M. White and Mrs. T.
McManua. a native of San Francisco, as"d
34. years 5 months and 1!» days.
(CTFriendsr and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), "at S:3O o'clock, -from his lata
residence. 207 Day street, between Church,
and Sanchez, Twenty-ninth and Thirtieth,
thence to St. Paul's Church, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. ¦
WILSON— In. thts city. January 5. 1904. SaraH
Wllaon. beloved mother of Mrs. Agoes B.
Cleary. WUItam L. Wilson and Mrs. Mabel
C. Burrick. a native of Nora Scotia, aged
56 years 9 months and S days.
C7Fr!ends and acquaintances are respect-
fully lnvlte.1 to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Thursday), at 1 :30 o'clock, at her
late residence, «73 Church streej. between
Eighteenth and Nineteenth, Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery. • •• -
WOODS— In this city, Annie "Woods. »¦ -n*U»*
.of New -York, aged 58 years. ¦ .
tTlnterment took place la Holy CrotB
CerneUry. . .
jgJ£ Dr.R,L,Wa!sh
/|/\l* at Us ftrsM* «fl«n
«k * 847 Geary Stj
ri/wV j »jj«iite lanteg* I«J1 .
Reduced Rates for Thirty Dayt
¦ Painless Extraction . . . . ..;25c>f
Fillings ..... y . . . . . . .50c '
Crowns.. $2.00 to $5.00
Plate Work . . . $5.00 to $23.00 -
LOOS iq THIS IP- *ACB OTBXX PAT. . yj
-, •
There is as much total nutrimtnt In
a pound of. wheat flour costing 3 cfents
as three and a half quarts, or about
seven pounds, of oysters, costing Jl 26.
|>UCE YOUB ORDERS EARLY Y
|T" ! 20tliCENTURY|
T COOK BOOK r
Another shipment win
arrive about January 21,
1904.
In order to satisfy the
' demand for this premium
' we have ordered another
carload of these books, '
. and all persons sending to ,
The Cook Book Depart-
' ment of this paper, a six .
months' subscription to "
The Dally and Sunday
Call may secure one of the .
Twentieth Century Cook ¦ <. -, •
Books at the premium
rate of 50c. j
Oai-oMown subscribers jhoald remit I
| 20c addiiiiaal it prepay irasuporiatitt 1
| chargis. ¦ |
DIED.
Blllsteen, P. Lonr. Bridget
Bowers, Kate T. Lundquist, Oscar E-
Britton, William McAullffe. Mrs. M.
Carrasco, Francis McGilllvray. Barbara
Christensen. Alfred Paget, Mme. E. M.
Cosgrave. James K. Perry. Charles O.
Crawford, James Platz. Elizabeth
Dannheimer. Louis Quigley. Frank P.
De-Cot,ta. Rosalia' S. Robertson, Andrew
Derby, Chancellor Rollins, John E.
Dooley, Mrs. Clara Studley, Rev. George
Farley. Mr». Eliza Swann, Amelia A. ,
Fischer, Prof. Franz Talbot. Betrice M.
Fleming. Catherine Thauwald. Herman
Fowler, Mareraret Trumbull, Margaret
Griffin. Frank D. Wagner. John
Herpich. Ottilie Walker,. Margaret
Hippely. Charles A. White. John J.
Kettner. Albert Wilson. Sarah
Lavagnino, Vlncenzo Woods, Annie
Leahy, Percy W.
BILLSTEEN— In this city. January 5, 1004.
P. Billateen. a native of Sweden. a*ed 5i
years.
BOWERS— In Alameda. January 5, 1904. Kate
Thompson Bowers, wife of W. M. Bowers,
end daushter of Cornelia A. and the late
N. S. Thompson, a native at Indiana.
BRITTON— In this city. January 5. 1904. Wil-
liam, infant son or William J. and the late
• Rose C. Brttton. a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 1 year 11 months and 14 days.
CARRASCO— In this city, January 5. 19O4.
Francis, beloved son of Clemente and Alice
Carrasco. and brother of May, Herbert. Eu-
gene, Elwood. Albert, Victor and Antta
Carrasco, a native of San Francisco, aged
ltf years 0 months and 7 days.
CHRISTEXSEX— Drowfted in Napa River.
December 15. 10O3 Alfred Christensen. be-
loved brother of Mrs. George Sack, a native
of Denmark, aged 27 years 0 months and
11 days. A member of Master Mariners'
Benevolent Association Brtckhandlers' Pro-
tective and Benevolent Union and Pacific
Mutual Aid Association.
E?*Fr!ends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from the under-
taking parlor? of Theodor Dierks. 057 Mis-
sion street, between Fifth and Sixth. In-
terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
COSGRAVE— At his residence. 2«19 OcUvia
street. James Kirby Coscrave.
E7"Funeral and interment private. No
flowers.
CRAWFORD — In the City and County Hospl-
t*I. January 4, 1004. James Crawford.
DANNHEIMER— In this ctty. January 4. 1904.
Louis* Dannheimer, a native of Germany,
aged 7S years 2 months and 26 days.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday) at 2 o'clock, from Masonic
Temple.- where services will be held under
the- auspices of Hermann Lodge No. 127. F.
! and A. M. Cremation Odd Fellows' Ceme-
tery. Remains at the parlors of Theodor
Dierks. 957 Mission street, between Fifth
and Sixth.
DE-COTTA— In this city. January 5, 1004.
Rosalia Sanchez, beloved wife of E. L. De-
Cotta. mother of Josephine Blirham, i and
daughter of the late Captain Sanchez, a na-
jtlre of San Francisco, aged 55 years 8
months and 21 days.
(ETRemalns at the parlors of McFadden,
McBrearty & Green, 1171 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eishth.
DERBY— In this city, January 5. 1904, Chan-
cellor Derby, acred 70 years and 2 months.
Formerly of Virginia City, Nev,
DOOLEY- In Salt Lake City. December 31.
1903. Mrs. Clara Z. Dooley. wife of the late.
N. P. Dooley. aged S4 yeaM and 5 months.
ICTFrlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-day (Wednesday), at
10 o'clock, from the parlors of. Carew & Eng-
lish. 2» Van Ness avenue. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery, by electric funeral car from
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets. -
FARLEY — In Oakland. January 5. 1SKK, Mrs.
Eliza M. Farley, mother of Mrs. Eli Emlay.
Mrs. Mary E. Fowler, James H. Farley and
Newton S. Farley, aged 81 years 10 months
and 21 days. (San Jose. C*l, Berrlen
County, | Mich., and Philadelphia papers
pleas* copy.)
(T7"Funeral services at the Presbyterian
Church. Centervllle. Thursday. January 7.
at 2 o'clock. Friends may view the remains
at the undertaking parlors of Albert Brown
In Oakland.
'FISCHER— In- this city. January 5. 1904. Pro-
fessor Franz Fischer, beloved husband of
Jennie Fischer, and father of Mrs. Sophie
Lutgens and Marie and Herman Fischer, a
native of Germany, aged 63 years 6 months
and 8 days.
FLEMING — In this city. January 4. 19O4.
Catherine, beloved wl/e of . the fate James
Fleming, a native of County Kerry, Ireland,
aged ":; years and 2 months. ¦
CTTho funeral will take place to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'cloek, from her late
• residence. 1716 Mission street, thence to Mis-
sion Dolores Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of
her soul at » o'clock. Interment private.
FOWLER— In Oakland, January 8, 1904, at
the residence of Mrs. E. V. Graves. 82ft
Sixteenth street. Mareraret Fowler, beloved
wife ol the late William Fowler, and mother
of the late James Milne, a native of Scot-
¦ land, aged 83. years. . -
GRIFFIN— In this city. January 4. 1904.
Frank D. Griffin, dearly beloved husband of
the late Mamie L. Griffin, devoted father of
Bertram Griffin, son of John D. Griffin, and
brother of Daniel. Dents and John Griffin,
aged 40 years.
(CTTrienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Thursday,
January 7. 19O4. at 8:30 o'clock, from' tha
residence of his brother, John Griffin. 2321
Bryant street, thence to St. Peter's Church,
where a requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock- Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
HERPICH— In Ihla city, January 4, 1904,
Ottilie HerDich, a native of Germany, aged
40 years. . . . . . • - -
ICTThe funeral services will take place
Thursday, January 7, at 10 o'clock, at 1722
O'Farrell street. Interment private. Please
omit flowers.
HIPPELY— In this city, January 5. 1903.
Charles A^ Hippely, beloved husband of
Louisa Hippely. and father of George. Step-
ham and Dewey Hippely. a native of JCrle.
Pa., aged 51 years and 7 months. A member
of Knights of Honor. Germania Lodge. ,
tG?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Friday. January 8, at 1 o'clock, at his late
residence, 441 Linden avenue.
KETTNER— In this city. January 2. 1904. Al-
bert Kettnen a native of Germany, aged 67
'years 0 months and 3 days.
C7Fr!ends and acquaintances are respect-
fully lnvit«d to attend the funeral Wednes-
day January 6. 1004. at 1 o'clock, from
Druids' Hall. 413 Sutter street, where the
services will be held under the auspices of
North Beach Lodge No. 9. O. d. H, S. In-
tsrment Odd Fellows' Cemetery. Remains
at Charles J. B. Metzler's undertaking par-
lor? 638 "Washington street.
LAVAGNINO— In this city, January 5, 1904,
Vincenzo Lavagnlno, dearly ¦ beloved hus-
5 band of Teresa Lavagnir.o. a native of Italy,
aged 43 years 9 months and 10 days.
LEAHY— In this city, January 5. 1904, Percy
W., beloved son of William and Ella Leahy,
and beloved brother of Gertie Leahy, a na-
tive of San Francl?c«, aged 1 year and 4
months.
LONG — In this city. January 1. 19O4. at hei
residence. 66 Webster street. Bridget Long,
. beloved sister of Mrs. Robert Stein, and aunt
of May Stein. Mrs. Theresa F«tt and Mrs.
F. J. Foran. a native of Ireland.
C7Frtends and acquaintances are respect-
' fully invited to attend the funeral to-daj
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from her lat«
' residence-. Ctt Websttr street, thence to Sa-
cred Heart Church, corner Fell and Flllmor*
streets, for services. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery, by carriage. .
LUNDQUIST— In this city, January 3, 1304,
Oscar B.. beloved husband of Marie Lund-
qulst, and brother of Hilma Mathilda and
Axel Alfred Lundquist, . a native of Sweden,
aged 41 years and 6 months.
(C^ Friends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-daj
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from Pythiais
Castle 009 Market street, under the aus-
pices of the Swedish Society. Interment
' Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by carriage. Re-
mains at the carlors of Halsted & Co.. 9 If
Mission street.
McAULIFFE — In this city, January 4. 1904
Mrs. MaKie McAuliSe, beloved mother oi
Irene McAullffe. and sister of Mrs. T. H
Spouwood and Edward Burns, a native o:
San Francisco, aged 34 years 10 months ant
11 days.
IE?" Friends and acquaintances- are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral to-daj
' (Wednesday), at 8 o'clock, from the parlors
of Valonte. Marlni & Co.. 1524 Stocktoi
street, thence to Sacred Heart Church. Fill
more and Fell Ktreets, where mass will b>
celebrated for the reoose of her soul, com
mencing-at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cro*
. Cemetery.
McGILLIVRAY — In this city. January 4. 1904
Barbara'McGUllvray, beloved wife of Josepl
McGilllvray. a native of Scotland.
E7The funeral will take place to-da;
. (Wednesday), at 11 o'clock, from her lat
residence, 13C0 Leavenworth street. Inter
ment private.
PAGET— In Berkeley, January 4, 1904, at he
residence. 2727 Dwlght way. Madam E. M
Paget. wife, of the late- Professor F. -V
Paget. a native of France, aged &0 yearn.
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect
HENRY J.C ALL ACHER CO
' (Successors to- Flannagan & Gallagher.) -
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
* .20 Fifth *t., opposite Lincoln , School. ".
:¦ Telephone South 30.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
—^—Funeral Directors and Erabalmera-
">'? Formerly in Metropolitan- Temple,
Now at se« MISSION. Tel. South 167.
Between Fourth and Fifth, near Fifth at.
Finest Equipments at Moderate Rates.She Files an Action for Divorce, Al-
IfClns That Ifrr Husband Is
Cruel to ' Her.
MATRDIOXV HAS NO CHAKMS
rOR MRS ROSE SCHMALZ
Gerst's will declares that his estate
is community property and that his
wife, .Addle, is. entitled to half of it.
The other half he disposes of as fol
lows: To Mrs. J. Cohn,--his widowed
sister, $2000; $5000 to each of his
daughters, Leah Lowengart and May
belle Napthaly, and the residue to his
son, Edgar.
Among the wills filed for probate
yesterday were those of Bessie Molioy,
Garrison Gerst and F. W. Barkhaus.
.The last named devises his $40,000
estate to his widow, Louise Barkhaus,
and the Molioy will devises to Mary E.
Nevin, niece of the deceased,- the resi
due of her estate after paying to the
two nephews of the decedent, E. M.
and Louis Norton, $50 each. It is
provided in the will that the residuary
legatee shall set aside for the benefit
of her children all the cash in bank
left by the deceased.
W. Rarkhaus nnd Garrison Grrst
Are Offered to the Court.
Last Testaments of Bessie Molioy, F.
WILLS OF DECEDENTS
FILED FOR PROBATE
D. J. Kelly, defendant in a suit to
recover money alleged 'to be due on: a
promissory " note brought against him
by Henry C. Nelson, filed an answer
in the suit yesterday. He admits
Charges Fraud in His Answer.
Reduced rates on household roods to & from
the East & South. Bekln's. 11 Montgomery at. *
Mary F." Churchill; administratrix of
the estate of the late W. H. Churchill,
has been cited to" appear in .the. Pro
bate Court January 12. to show cause'
why. she has not filed an account. V The
citation was issued yesterday oni a'
petition filed, by Alice E. Clark, one of
Churchill's heirs. 1 ;
Wants an , Account ; Rendered.
A hearing of the petition for the
suspension of Frank Garcia as execu
tor of the will of the. late Angella R.
Scott was continued for two weeks
yesterday in the Probate Court. Gar
cia's attorneys objected to . the peti
tion being heard on' the ground that
the appeal they took from: the court's
findings on Garcia's account, in which
he is accused • of further " mismanage
ment, stayed further proceedings.
They showed further that Garcia had,
as far as possible, deposited : Cto ',". the
credit of the^ estate .the ''¦¦:fundsvithey"
claim he was 1 wrongfully accused of
appropriating.
Garcia Is Not Suspended.
The estate of Peter J. Tormey, the
recently^deceased drug merchant, was
appraised yesterday at $110,950 79. It
consists principally of $76,000 : worth
of stock in the Owl Drug Company
and an ipterest in the .Quaker Drug
Company of Seattle, worth $22,500.: j
Mary. Elizabeth McBride's estate was
appraised at $164,85101. She left
$29,787 51 in cash, stock and bonds
worth $64,40101 and realty and other
personal property worth. $100, 460.
Orpha Burkett left ah estate valued
by the appraisers at $59,531 61. Of
this sum $13,799 is in cash. The bal
ance, represents realty In this city and
Stockton. . .
Valuable Estates Appraised.
At the Columbia Theater next Sun
day night, and for the one time only,
an attraction of special interest . to
Ibsenites will be offered by Alberta
Gallatin. who, supported by her own
company, will appear as Mrs. Alving
in Henrik / . Ibsen's masterpiece,
"Ghosts." Miss Gallatin has appeared
in the support of such stars as Rich
ard Mansfield, T. W. Keene, Mrs.
Fiske, Henry Miller and Joseph Jef
ferson, and has also appeared -as
Sapho in the original Olga Nethersole
version of the play of that name. Her
greatest success before she appeared
as Mrs. Alving was Rosalind in "As
You Like It," supporting Otis Skinner.
Seats are now on sale.
Will Appear in /'Ghosts."
The contest for the position of naval
officer, port of San Francisco, is en
gacinff the attention of the California
Congressional delegation. Senator Per
kins has recommended William C.
Ralston for the office and Senator Bard
has declared in favor of William M.
Cutter.
The activity of the aspirants and the
interest displayed by the delegation do
not disturb the -equanimity of Colonel
John P. Irish. Each of the aspiring
Republicans entertains the hope that
Colonel Irish will be tempted to resign
by the offer of a very lucrative salary
in another field of enterprise. It is re
ported that the colonel has advised
both Senators Cutter and Ralston to
place their respective indorsements on
file. According to the gossip in the po
litical camps the advice has been ac
cepted. Men eminent in financial and
mercantile circles testify to the worth
and capability of Senator Ralston.
Others equally prominent in the busi
ness world indorse Senator Cutter as
a man of high character and excep
tional fitness. It is said that names of
leading Republicans In every county of
the State may be found on the peti
tions.
The incident comes to light that Sen
ator Ralston was recommended to the
President before former Congressman
Woods withdrew from the contest.
Some of the politicians are circulating
the report that brie of the members of
our delegation in Congress openly sup
ported one . aspirant while he sec/etly
espoused the cause of another. Other
politicians insist that there was nothing
more than a trivial mistake.
It is claimed that the entire delega
tion was solid for Woods and that the
indorsement of another was filed with
the understanding that it was. not to be
considered as long as Woods was in the
field.
An old timer in the ranks of the party
made this comment on the topic at the
Union League Club yesterday:
"This story that a member of our
delegation was supporting one candi
date while holding out the glad hand
of promise to another ought not to be
accepted as a fact. Such political tac
tics may be countenanced by raw East
erners, but our Congressmen fight in
the open. It is all right for aAnember
of Congress to send to the President all
the recommendations he receives. The
responsibility is thus passed up to the
appointing, power, where it belongs.
"Perhaps it was surmised that Woods
was not acceptable to the . President
and another name was sent in for the
convenience of the executive."
New Brazilian Representative.
' The Secretary of State has recog
nized Archibald Barnard as 'Vice Con
sul at this port for Brazil.
Ralston and Cutter Are High
ly Indorsed by Business Men
for Position of Naval Officer
Wants His Money Back.
Max Brockow, 500 Franklin street,
secured a warrant from Police Judge
Conlan yesterday for the arrest of J.
E. 'Remmel, agent of a tontine dia
mond company, on a charge of felony
embezzlement. Brockow alleges that
he purchased a diamond ring, valued
at $150, from Remmel on the install
ment plan. He claims he entered
into a contract under the terms of
which he would get the ring or its
equivalent in cash after paying in $80.
He paid $80, but could not get either
the ring or coin, he alleges.
Installs Its Officers.
The newly elected officers of the
Hungarian Mutual Aid Society were
installed at a banquet given on Mon
day evening." A large crowd was in
attendance and speeches were made
by many prominent members. The
society has secured -Lyric Hall, on
Eddy street, for its twenty-fourth an
nual ball, which will be held on Jan
uary 24.
Mrs. Gambitz Dies Intestate.
Milton R. Gambitz, one of the seven
children of Reginie Gambitz, who died
in this city December 27 of last year,
yesterday applied for letters of admin
istration upon her $30,000 estate. Mrs.
Gambitz died intestate. '
Eoro« very swell weddlne Invitation* conn
from Know Jes. 2< Second atreet. Mala B3S. • .
At -the International Congress of
Wireless Telegraphy, which recently
met in Berlin, the term "radiograms"
was used for messages sent by the new
method.
Seropian Brothers Want Damages
John M. and George N. Seropian of
the firm of Seropian Bros., a corpora
tion dealing in produce. brougl\i_suit
yesterday* to set aside the actions of
the directors of the corporation at a
meeting he'd last September and for
$100,000 damages. They claim that
they were forced out of the concern
by a conspiracy. The defendants in
the suit are the firm of Catton, Bell &
Co., W. P. and E. C. Clark, H. J. and
\V. II. Smith, A. Dalton Harrison and
G. F. Wright.
CONTEST OVER
FEDERAL PLUM
For Wednesday and Thursday.
50c fleeec-'.lned vests or drawers 33c.
50c. 65c, 75c Embroideries 25c a yard.
20c and 25c Embroideries 10c a yard.
$1.25. $1.50. $1.75 Full Embroidery
Flounce 48c a yd.
$6.00. $6.50. $7.00 Velvet Waists $4.35.
$1.25. $1.50. $2.00 Silk Neckwear,
slightly soiled. 50c.
25c Lawn Collar and Cuff Sets 15c.
All Eiderdown Sacques one-half off.
Greenberg & Greenberg. 31-S7 Grant
avenue, corner Geary .street. ¦¦•:>• '..•;
GREEXBERG & GREENBERG
SPECIALS
making the note, but say3 as a defens*
that It was obtained from him by
fraud by a man named Frank Steers,
with whom he had been associated in
business.
The annual meeting: of the Associ
ated Charities of San Francisco will
take place in the Marble Room of the
Palace Hotel on next Friday evening.
The session will be an important one.
as during the last year much business
has been transacted and new modes
and exDeriments have been tried.
Many notable philanthropists of the
city will be present and will address
the gathering oh. various subjects of
interest to charity work. The com
mittee in charere extends to all inter
ested persons a cordial invitation to
attend. Following is the programme:
President's address. Osgood P.utnam;
State Board of Charities. Oscar K.
Cushing: nursinsr work of the Associ
'ated Charities, Miss Lucy Fisher;
juvenile court, Herbert W. Lewis;
children's work. Miss Katherine Fel
ton; plans for the year, Charles A.
Murdock; organization . of the relief
committee, Rev. Bradford Leavitt;
farm school for boys, Rev. D. O.
Crowley.
Many Well-Knpwn Speakers Will Ad
drols Meeting at Palace Hotel
¦ N'c.xt Friday Night.
AXXUAIi GATHERING OF
ASSOCIATED CHARITIES
Mrs. Lawrence affirms that all of the
checks were signed by Laymance and
she says she is at a loss to understand
why he should repudiate his signature.
% The defendant is a handsome bru
nette, 31 years of age. She takes* her
incarceration with smil?'ng composure.
Mrs. Maud Lawrence was arrested
yesterday afternoon in her rooms In
the Bay State Hotel on Stockton street
by Detectives Cody and Ed Gibson on
a warrant issued by Police Judge Ca
baniss charging her .with forgery. The
complaining witness is J. H. Swift,
president of the Columbian Banking
Company.
Mrs. Lawrence, it is claimed, pre
sented three checks at the bank within
the last few days and they had been
honored. One was for ?10, the second
for $50 and the third for $100. They
all purported to be signed by J. W.
Laymance, real estate dealer, 632 Mar
ket street. Laymance admitted that
he had signed the check for $10, but al
leged that his name had been forged to
the other two checks. They were all
made payable to Mrs. Lawrence.
. Mrs. Lawrence called at thc bank
again yesterday with another check
for $100 purporting to be signed by
Laymance and payment was refused.
President Swift decided to have her ar
rested and the warrant was sworn to
before Judge Cabaniss.
Accused of Signing the Name
of J. W. Laymance, Beal
Estate Agent, to Two Papers
CASHES THREE CHECKS
Mrs. Maud Lawrence Arrested
on Complaint of President
Swift of the Columbian Bank
WOMAN CHARGED
WITH FORGERY
business. •
Dorn says he made a proposition to
Golden to ask the Attorney General for
permission to sue in the name of the
people in order to determine who was
legally entitled to the office, but Golden
refused, saying he was going to hold on.
The writ of injunction sued out by
Dorn to restrain Golden and Gallagher
from interfering with his possession of
the office of Justice of the Peace will
be heard in a few days in the Superior
Court.
What adds to the complication cngen-'
dered by the appointment of three men
to one office, the Mayor having named
Walter Gallagher, is that presiding Jus
tice of the Peace Van Nostrand recog
nizes Golden as the legal Justice
of the Peace. Van Nostrand says that
he will assign no cases to Dorn or
Gallagher, and the entanglement will
not be settled until the courts^ finally
pass an the matter.
Gallagher has made no Mtemnt to
take the office, but may serve Dorn as
the latter served Golden by breaking
in the courtroom before Dorn arises to
morrow morning. Golden continued the
transaction 'Of judicial business all the
afternoon in the Justices' clerk's office,
while Dorn held the fort in the court
room, without, however, doing any
Golden left vowing vengeance, say
ing that he would open a courtroom in
the office of the Justices' clerk. Dorn
thereupon sent for ; the. police, and two
officers patrolled, the corridor in front
of the courtroom during the day.
Dorn got up before Golden, and when
the latter appeared in the courtroom
he found Dorn in possession. Dorn had
taken the precaution to put * an
other lock on the door to which he
alone had the key. Dorn informed
Golden that he (Dorn) was the legal
appointee to the office and ordered. him
to leave the courtroom. Golden refused,
and thereupon, assisted by R. W. Sims,
his attorney, and a deputy fn City
Attorney Lane's office, Dorn pounced .on
Golden and hustled him from, the room.
The Justice of the Peace, imbroglio,
in which the Governor, Mayor and
Board of Supervisors have all . taken
a hand, reached an unpleasant climax
yesterday in a disgraceful scene in
which Walter E. Dcrn. the Supervisors'
appointee, forcibly ejected Isidore Gold
en, the Governor's selection/from the
courtroom formerly occupied by ex-
Justice of the Peace Long," which Gold
en had taken peaceable possession of
en the day previous. *
Postmaster Fisk said yesterday that
he. would not make any appointment
for a few days at least to fill the va
cancy thus created. There are many
candidates for this excellent berth,
and though many have called but one
will be chosen. • ¦>
In view of the testimony given by the
disgraced official on the examination of
J. TV. Erwin before United States Court
Commissioner Heacock the administra
tion determined to dispense with his
services. Erwin was dismissed for
having assisted Richardson in urging
the adoption by the department of an
expensive time indicating device for
letter boxes which cost the Government
many thousands of dollars. According
to the evidence adduced Richardson
was the head and front of the conspir
acy—If there was a conspiracy— to bribe
Machen and Beavers with stock of the
company so as to insure the adoption
of the device by the Postal Department.
Under these circumstances, when it be
came known that the Federal Grand
Jury of the District of Columbia had
indicted Machen, Beavers and Erwin
and had allowed Richardson to go scot
free, there was considerable surprise,
not unmixed with indignation, on the
part of the public of California.
But the" department only waited for
the induction Into office of the new
Postmaster before it laid Richardson's
official head upon the block and chop
ped it off.
Richardson's dismissal was ordered
by tho Postoffiee Department in Wash
ington, the order having been transmit
ted to Postmaster Fisk by telegraph.
No explanation was given by the
Washington authorities, the telegram
simply instructing, the Postmaster to
dismiss Richardson immediately.
• Daniel S. Richardson, who for several
"years held the responsible position of
j secretary and general superintendent
| of the San Francisco Postoffice, is no
J longer a Government official. He has
j been peremptorily dismissed from the
'service, and. no official notice has been
' taken of the resignation which he ten
j dered to Postmaster Fisk a few days
[ago. .^; ; .;. i .v- 1
Department Sends Order by
Wire Directing That Accused
Official He Discharged at' Once
Mayor's Choice in Three-Cor
nered Fight Makes; No Move
to Establish His Legal Rights
SCENE A DISGRACEFUL ONE
Justice of the Peace Named
by^. Supervisors Dispossesses
Appointee of Governor Pardee
RESIGNATION IS IGNORED
Superintendent of San Francis
co Tostoffice Is Peremptorily
Dismissed From His Place
RICHARDSON'S
HEAD FALLS
DORN FORCIBLY
EJEC TS GOLDEN
THE ¦ SAN--. . FRANCISCO" CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 0, 1004.
Petitions in insolvency were filed
yesterday in the United States District
Court as follows: Isaac Aufrichtig.
"sometimes called Isaac Upright,"
salesman. San Francisco, liabilities
$6S2, no assets; M. Amber, tailor, San
Francisco, liabilities $4094, assets
$162!».
Petitions in Insolvency.
ADAMS' Irish Mesa Cough Balsam the sate,
•ure. ruaranteed cure. 25c. 60c. Druggists. ?
Patent Suit on Trial.
The case of Holmes against the
Harbor Commissioners to recover $50,
000 for infringement of a patent
method of preserving piles was begun
yesterday in the United States Circuit
Court. -;;<.-
The theme of beautifying the city
should be given careful consideration by
every one. especially the ladies. Use one
of our new $11.00 steel men gas ranges.
San Francisco Gas and Electric Com
pany, 415 Post street. •
W. Whiting, known in pugilistic
circles as "Kid White," was arrested
yesterday by Detectives Bunner and
Freel and a charge of burglary will be
booked against him. He is accused of
entering- the room of Patrick Bandon
in the New Avenue House, Kearny and
Jackson streets, and stealing all of
Bandon's personal effects. •
Will Be Charged With Burglary.
5uits for divorce were also filed by
Azalea Anselm Holmes against David
Holmes for desertion, Marie Woerner
against Adolph Woerner for desertion
and Ellen Oantet against Kugene Can
let for neglect and desertion.
Judge Kerrigan gnmte<l Trigue C.
Johnson a divorce from Emma D.
Johnson for desertion.
- Alice Jane Smith, who is being sued
for divorce by James Madison Smith,
a druggist of Burnham. Buite County,
answered his suit yesterday by filing
a general denial of his charge of de
sertion. As a cross-complaint she al
leges that for more than a year he has
failed to provide for her.
In a suit for divorce filed yesterday
by Rose Schmalz against Edward
Schmajz. to whom ehc was married
six years ago, she asks for a decree oir
the ground of cruelty. She charges
; that for the last six months she has
Tiepn unablp to please him and that
he rhowed his dislike for whatever she
did by upbraidings. He scolded her,
f=he says, almost incessantly and twice
during the month of December struck
her.
16
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Are the kind you listen
to. They are loudest at
Brown's because his Cloth-
ing's worth is your dollar's
worttu Man, Boy or Child
can be easily suited in
an unmatched assortment,
up to date in style, fabric
and finish.
il6'§18 MARKET ST. Montgomery
MARKS BROS.
v * ADVERTISEMENTS. . ' .
During the entire month of January we.will
offer SPECIAL VALUES in al! our depart-
ments in order to close out all Fall and
Winter goods.
FANCY WOOL WAISTINQS.
Our entire slock of FANCY WOOL WAISTINGS tn
Wool Oxfords, Cheviots, Prunellas, Armures and
Crepas. These we haye in agooi yarletu of colorings.
Pries 5Oc Yard
Form? r price 75c and 85c yaxl*
SCOTCH WOOL SUITINGS.
20 pieces SCOTCH WOOL CHECK SUITINGS (block
effects). These are in 8 different colorings. The
goods measure 54 inches wide and are verg deslr-
- able for outing suits. Price 50c Yard
Serular valua !U3.
VOILE MISTRAL.
45-INCH ALL-WOOL VOILE MISTRAL In Shades Of
Nayy, light Gray and Golden Brown. Price
; ;C. 5Oc Yard
Good T»lne tax 75o yard.
MARSEILLES BED SPREADS.
2 cases WHITE MARSEILLES BED SPREADS. Full
size and extra heavu aualltg, ..These are In verg
h'andsome designs- Price — .;. S2.75 Each
' J .'- ateffular Talus S3.50.
WHITE BLANKETS.
5 cas°s EXTRA HEAVY WHITE GOLDEN GATE
BLANKETS, full slzs for double bads. Price
J:-.\ .- 'S8.5O Pair
...—jSm* Pormer prlc« SI0.B9.
COMFORTERS.
. 12 cases COMFORTERS, printed Sllkollne covering
with white Snowflake filling; size for double beds.
PriC8 *•? 1 SO Farh
We haye Just opened a vero large shipment of JAPAN-
ESE wash CREPES In a great varletg of stnles.
Mall orders promptly and caref ullg executed
anl samples forwarded free to any address.
ill, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET
From Pimples to Scrofula,
from Infancy to Age. A sin-
gle set of Ctrticttf a> consisting
of Soap, Ointment, and Pills,
price One Dollar, is often suffi-
cient to cure thc severest cases
of torturing, disfiguring hu-
mors, when all else fails.
For Every
Humor
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS. ' . ' . -
/ 7^* 1 *W^I corset cover, of y^llit^fx
I * J* I imported nainsook; back CORSET- COVER, of /*^%^^nC^VC^ti \
I **^^^T^. A aRfl frotlt inserted with English lonpcloth; club- J \L^Slt£ \
I " /tl r> rows of .VaJenciennos orately inserted with / "^SjVWt^f; }\ij \
• V :^3P il ' I \ !*ce and edged with fapgoting:> back and I 1 I 'W )
f *-.'.^yr /*" * / / ' \ ¦* • lace to match: ribbon front trimmed - alike: " "I ¦ ¦ vr / I
;«./. iV'mv J i beading: at neck and neck, and armholes I fl ••//// / . /
"•/"'. ' ILVil. armholes. Regular $1.50 edged with Torchon 1 . o i-^t, ,1
I i -i*4. r^W^ parment: CLEARANCE lace. Regular 85c value, I , tyZrfc&J
f '* i*3? SALE PRICE... : d» I CLEARANCECft/, I \\ /H*#?l
• r5 J •••• ...*&¦ SALE PRICE... OUt» I [)l,;fW|
GOWN of sood Quality mus- M A (\ [V| I IV] ' Q A \| W I I A I cYSS^^^ck^.'fe
lln: yoke composed of 60 I T I r+ \J I V B I \i \J #"* I V I « \S r% ¦_ with fine quality of insertion
large and Email tucks; 3- and deep ruffle of - embroid-
inch ruffle, trimmed with Al r A IV Jl HU/^ET O Ji I KT W' neck and sleeves trim-
cluster of tucks. Regular | I i~ /» W» f\ [\j Q i~ \/|l g~ med to match. Repular J1.S5
. OF UNDERMUSLINS "; - : • $ ': 25
j^^!^. '&W\*lt\ So well and f*vofifcly docs the public know ths Magnin (^^^te-*. ~'-s^<^h.
V standard of excellence, as has been shown by the large ' r^!^^^^^^^^^^k0^ 1
/|8S8^^§1b!B^J^«* *ttendance, this sale will prove to bs the greatest one that
'^^^^^^^^^^i wc bave ev " hii ' Only thc most reliabIe wear wil1 bc W^^^^^^^^^Sj
/n^nP^f^^^tfvK Prices have been marked down to less than the I ' j
t^^x/V^^J Ll);Jl.jL} fr* actual cost of manufacture. ] /
* Sale will continue during the entire week. *
giai ®ii|i*riiSil
•5hi^ r^PAHA^P^Vrl // ¦¦ I !¦ finished with ribbon -run
T»mrF CLEAKA * N X E , fiiJi/099 At/IDifc-r K-r ! bcadinjr. Regular $1.50 value;
rRICB SI. 50 9IO-322 r74frK£7 OT clearance sale.. <j* i
., .... ..... *** ¦ -w ; ¦ price 3> I
dale cambric: yoke belt; .-DRAWERS of Lon«- UNDERSKIRT: extra full
UNDERSKIRT, of Lons- 9-inch ruffle of French dale cambric: yoke belt; wjdUr. made : of imported
da]* cambric; French out: rmbroiderv extra wid«» 7-inch umbrella ruffle: Victoria lawn; deep flounce.
<je«?p ruffle, with S small embroidery, extra *ide lnMrt ed with J rows'of trimmed with^rows.of fine
tucks and -2. large hem- umbrella., flounce. Reg- fi ne Torchon lace inser- Swiss embroidery f and Val-
stitched tucks; hemstitched ular 51.50 value: tion. Regular 51.50 enciennes lace; extra dust
hrm. $1-50 valu*: CLEAR- c , r: v R A Vl CF value: CLEARANCE V. 1 ™*^ . S eR H}" r * 5 value;
sale pricS.. $1 :f^f.#^:::85c \ s^Ll^^f. .82,50
AfjrgrEfo BrnQ 'i
IvIdiEVd ulUui I
WINTER I
CLEARANCE I
Advertised Sunday con |
tinue through Thursday. 1
Big iSnapsJni Every |
/.. Department. I
MAnKS BRypi i
: "Honest Values" I
l220^222 ; i224 Market St.|
; Bet. Taylor and Jones. 63
I ADVERTISEMENTS.
i! Wear Good Clothes
rf^>k Made by tailors
JMejp that under-
j||SSg^|w stand their
j Jt$0&&^fy business. Our
i SCi^Cl P Un en*U«
; 7OU to 6ttZi
i K^JpSfSSf^ wc *l "without
j E^/Wlfif ooHctnjf the
I Ml f 0 $uoo
llTf— 1£ a Week
Sf^ \ And wear the
& suit meanwhile,
A. B. SMITH CO.
Up-to-Date Tailors,
128-132 Ellis Street. Above Powell,
SAM FRANCISCO.
I B-£J£RS.
I Guaranteed Pure.
I None So^of],
S Sold EVer$Wnet& '
M HU-BERT MERCAXTUJ; COu
B PmclSs Coast . Asent*. jj