SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, JANUARY IS,; 1904.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
LONDON, Jan. 13.— The Standard's
TIenstin correspondent says it Is re
ported that Russia [ has asked China,
to send 15.000 troops to Manchuria to
protect Chinese subjects.
Rossia Asks China for Troops.
Pearcy Appeals to President.
HAVANA, Jan. 17.— United" States
Consul Steinhardt. having declined to
interfere in j the grievance which the
American residents of the Isle of Pines
have against llayor Sanchez of .Nuev«t
Corono, in connection with the arrest
and imprisonment of Morgan Pearcy,
the son cf a prominent American, a pe
tition to President Roosevelt Is being
prepared for the signature of the Amer
icans. ¦:;" i
BAKERSFIELD, Jan. 17.— Choo Kim.
a Chinese gardener, about 60 years of
agf». was found this morning in a dying
condition on Twentieth street. There
were three wounds on the back of his
head which were apparently^infiicted
with a heavy piece of iron. He "died
without making a statement. Kim left
the home of his brother, one of the
wealthiest Chinese in the city, about
midnight to return to his home and
was not seen again until this morning.
He had no money on his person and- as
far as known had not a single enemy
amons his people
Brother of a Wealthy Celestial in Ba
kersfield Found Wounded j
on a Street.
MYSTERY VEILS KILLING
OF CHINESE GARDENER
Hutinous Turkish troops hare been
terrorizing BeLnrt for several days.
Tee mutineers, who numbered about r
1,00 men, were land^4 on January 11
from Yemen. Arabia, .and immediately
besieged the Governor's palace. , de
ma.ndins about JSO.OQO . In arrears of
pay and tareatenins to sack the town.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Jan.. 17.—Or
ders have been sent by the Govern
ment to the Governor cf Beirut, Syria,
to pay the arrears due the Turkish j
trcops there, the nonpayment of which j
has kept the troops in a mutinous con- •
dition for several days past. \
Mutiny Threatened and Orders Have
Been Issued to Satisfy Their
Demands.
TURKISH TROOPS ARE
CLAMORING FOR PAY
SALONICA, Jan. IT.— An important
concentration of Turkish troops has be
gun at Kumanova, on the road leading
to the Bulgarian frontier.
TURKEY C rCENTRATING
TROOPS ON FRONTIER
Admiral Keppel wrote "Expedition to
Borneo With Rajah Brooke's Journal."
published In 1?47. "Visit to the Indian
Archipelago"* and "Reminiscences" in
1S38. , ; --.%* ";T..> -¦¦;,:¦;*¦"--
cuished in May, 1SS0. He was ap
pointed to the Cape cf Gcod Hope as
commander in chief, from which he
was transferred to the Brazilian sta
tion.
In January, 1SGT, he hoisted his Hag
en board the Rodney as vice admiral
commander in chief at the China and
Japan station. He returned to Eng
land In 1369 on attaining the rank of
full admiral and was made D. C. L. of
Oxford in 1S70. He was created a G.
C. B. in 1ST1 and became an admiral
of the fleet in 1S7T. He retired in 1S73.
He" was a commander of the Lesion of
Honor and Medjidieh of the second
LONDON, Jan. IT.— Th- Hon. Sir
Henry Keppel. admiral of the fleet, is
dead. He was bom fa 1S09.
Admiral Xejpel lived ur.der five
eovereigrs az.d fought in every quarter
cf the globe. He tras in robust health
"*»n recently and virired Singapore
when he w^s SO yiars old.
Hon. <ir Henry Keppei was the fourth
euc of rh»,Lat»_ fourth Karl cf Alb*t
cutrle and Elizabeth, daughter of the
late Lord *i« CiiSord. Eom June 14.
1SC3, be entsrM the navy at an early
age a.-i Tvss made a lieutenant in 15^3
and ccrr~ander in l£3i He was in com
mand at the Childsrs and served oa
the josxlt <-;ast of Spain during the
civil war .>f 1SC4-S. He was made cap
tain in l«37 and commanded the Dido
frum IS4I BBttl LS43, during which time
h» was egplojed In the China war of
IMi He was aTterarard concerned »a
the KTdprezsSoa et piracy in the east
ern archip*;iag!j_ From November. 13*7.
tin July. liZl. he commanded- the Mean
der at t&c <tina z-d Pacing stations.
In May. l&fi, he was appointed to the
command at the St. Jean d'Arc and
served in the Baltic and Black Seas.
In July. 1?;-,. be excfcangetl to the Rod
ney arui obtained command of th^
nava! bnjrade before Sebastopol. After
the fail o:' that stronghold he returned
tu En^'.acd an<i was appointed to the
Colossus.
• In September. lS."-», fc^ hoiatei his
pennar.t as conunodore 'on board' the
Raleigh, asd proceeded, to China, where
his siiii> yra.s lost by striking on a rock.
He cornsantied a division of ships at
the destruction «>f the war fleet -in th»
Fatshan Cre^k June L iSiT. for which
hi* was made a K. C. R'He returned
to Englaad on attaining bis nag rank.
In 1K3 he was made groom in waiting
to the Queen, which- office he reiic- i
¦¦ iTl— > ¦¦¦—¦ 11 ¦¦ 11 .' '
Death Closes the I(emarkable Career
of Sir Henry IQeppeL
LONDON, Jan. IT.— The Times this
morning publishes the text of a re
markable letter, received by mail from
Its Tokio correspondent, which the
late Herbert . Spencer wrote in
1S32 to Baronk Kaneko, who
was educated In the United
States and was graduated from
Harvard University), who sought his
advice on the policy of Japan. The
gist of Spencer's advice to the Baron
«as to keep Europeans and Americans
as. much as possible at arm's length
and to take every precaution to give as
little foothold as possible to foreigners,
and furthermore, to absolutely- forbid
the marriage of Japanese with for
eigners.
"Keep Europeans and Americans at
Arm's Length," Is Warning of
Late Philosopher.
ADVICE OF HERBERT
SPENCER TO JAPAN*
Argentina is doing most effective
work in railroad construction and. there
it is part of the national spirit of the
day to speak and write of a railroad
from New York to Buenos Ayres. In
Chile some 1200 miles haye been built
and Brazil is planning a railroad that
is to pierce the Andes.
Pepper says that the Pan-American
Railway being .built by Americans in
the southwestern part of the republic
is to-day within 165 miles of the Guate
mala line and when completed Guata
mala and Nicaragua will build lines in
continuation.
CITY OF MEXICO. Jan. IT.— Charles
K. Pepper, representative of the United
States Government for the projected
Pan-American Railway, has left here
for home, after a journey of 23.000 miles
and visiting the capitals of twenty-one
different governments.
Cherlcs K. Pepper Says That Con
struction Is Progressing Rapidly
in Various Countries.
RAILROAD BUILDING
IN SOUTH AMERICA.
Drops of blood were- found leading
from the drug store, where Quirk was
assaulted, to the hotel. Other arrests
are probable.
SIOUX CITY, Iowa, Jan. IT. — Hat
tie Pitcher, the young woman school
teacher, who asserted she had been,
shot, bound .and gagged last Tuesday
night in the Henshaw Hotel at Miller.
S. D., way to-day arrested on a war
rant swern out by half a dozen promi
nent tusiness men of Miller. She ia
charged with assault with Intentions
to -commit felony and administering
ether to Wilbur Quirk for the purpose
or robbery.
Quirk was a clerk in. a drug store at
ilUler. On Tuesday night he was held
up by two masked persons, bound,
gagged and after having been, made
unconscious by the use cf ether was
tied to an iron bed. where ho was
found the next morning In a serious
condition. <sHe could not give a de
scription of his assailants and the af
fair remained a mystery.
Miss Pitcher at first salt! she had
bct>n shot accidentally. She took the
Sheriff to the place and pointed out
the revolver with which the wound
was inflicted, but would not say who
shot her.
Alleelrcr That She Committed
Assault for Robbery.
Yonna: Woman Arreste^ on Complaint
SCHOOLM.VAM CHARGED
WITH SERIOUS OFFENSE
"GRAND OLD MAN~~ OF THE BRITISH NAVY TTHO, LADEN VCTTH
TEARS A.NT> THE HONORS OF A ERILXIANT CAREER, HAS AX
STEERED THE FINAL SUMilONS.
The growth of British and American
sentrnent is remarked and n-ziseraua
displays -of the fiags of the two ca
tions are mada and popular songs re
citing the glories of *he "Lion" and
"Uncle Sam" are sung. The characters
of "Uncle Sam" and "Johnny Bull** ara
also seen at public dances. The activ
ity of the Unitad States in the oc«sins
at the ports of Mukden and Astucg Is
keenly watched ami in sooe qr^. tera
It Is tcrDCTl Gartfris taay aid in salr-
In? the Erohleci of insuring pesce.
The censorship prohibits the publica
tion cf military movements. At prej
ent the movements are; merely prelim
inary and aimed to insure an '-nmedi
ate dispatch of an imra«i .• land and
sea force if it should become necessary.
TOKIO, Jan. 13.— The Japanese pop
ulace expecT3 the wcrld'3 arm; 'hy 13
tha struggle with Russia and hxa
splendid confidence in It3 army and
navy. la tha event cf reverses or a
national disaster It is believed that
England and the -Cziizea St-tes would
intervene to preserve a balance cf pow
er in Eartem Asia. There I3 no fear ct
an Invasion cf Japan, a country which
is probably the most strongly defended
in the world.
LOOKS TO AMERICA FOR AID.
Japan BelieTes This Nation and Great
Britain \fm Chccfe Ro^sia.
London 3 Iianse Lhrely.
LONDON. Jan. IT. — Business on the
Stock Exchange last week was more
brisk than that of the week previous,
but the erratic business and the vary
ing phases of the Russo-Japanese crisis
strongly affected ; all markets. Easy
money conditions facilitated business
during the Treefc, and the American
market participated in the activity.' bnt
perhaps to a less extent "than in other
departments. Prices, however, showed
a substantial improvement. Canadian
Pacifies were dull on the disappoint
ing traffic returns.
French 3fcrrfc*es Go to SeouL
SEOUL, Jan. IT. — Thirty- nine ma
rines from the French cruiser Pa3cal
have arrived here from Cbesaslpo to
protect the French. legation.
take refuge in the British Lezation.
where the Italian sailors will join ti-:
British bluejackets. .
EeilE. Jan. IT- — Al-honsrh twenty
sailors from the Italian cruiser Elba,
have been landed to> protect Slgaor
Z~ naco. the Italian Minister in Seouf.
the' lesration boildi-f: cannot be easily
detended and Minister Monaco has
been instructed in case of danger to>
Safrznanllnsr Italians in SeeraL
burg, now a* Chemulpo. They carried
a machine <un with them. There are
now 10O or more men from the VIcJu
burg at Seoul guarding the legation.
The news received at the Navy De
partment shows thae native cress to- b<»
somewhat mSammatorT in Its utter
ances against foreigners. ,
WASHINGTON. Jan. IT.— Ths Navy
Department to-day rec-ived advices
confirmatory to the press dispatches
telling vt the resnfarcenient of the
American guard at the United State*
Iezaticn in Seoul. Two officers and
sixty-four men were sent there from,
the United States steamship Victa-
American 3Iarlnes Take 3fachine Gun
With Them to SeocL
LEGATION STRONGLY GUARDED.
ST. PETERSBURG, Jan. 17.—Ern
peror Nicholas* pacific utterances
made daring the New Year's recentioa
ct the winter palace in St. Petersburg
on Thursday last, together wita tha
favorable comment of th« foreign press.
which have been reproduced here, have
created a splendid impression and also
have had a good effect la perceptibly
diminishing the war talk in army and
navy circles, which were quick to take
their cue from the assurances coming
from the throne. The newspapers.
which have been discussing the Far
Eastern situation -wits clear freedom,
have ygovvu almost silent, and what
they do say is commendatory cf tha
Improved pros?«ects of peace.
Abatement in War Talk in tfte Capital
of Ills Empire.
CZAR'S INFLUENCE FELT.
LONDON, Jan. IT.— A dispatch to tl»
Daily Mail from. Seoul declares that
Mr. Allen, the American Minister, is
anxious about the conduct of the
American marines at Seoul, and **haa
warned their officers that Korea is not
the Philippines." Tks correspondent
says that heavy supplies of ammuni
tion have be«n sent to> the legations,
•which are also worried hy the conduc;
of the American troops, "which, accord
ing to the correspondent, is a distinct
danger, owing to the lack of disclplin«
and the intoxication among tie men.
who are apparently "spoiling for a
fight."
A dispatch to the Telegraph from To
kio discredits the messages from Eu
rope, saying that Russia' will accept
Japan's terms. He say3 these reports
are manufactured and cannot retard
action.
British Correspondent Saj3 Tbose
Noxr as Seoul Lack Discipline.
CRITICIZES OUR 3IARINES.
REGARDS AMERICA AS AIXY.-
The Times' Tokio correspondent says
that in recent speeches by publicists
the claim was made that Japan was
fightinjr for Anglo-Saxon ideals in
Asia instead of military despotism, and
that several Tokio Journals rejoice that
"America is now in the same camp
with Japan."'
The Russian corres. ndent of the
Times hears that a special council pre
sided over by the Czar arrived, at the
conclusion that war should *-e avoided.
The inference, they say. is that the
speech of Premier Balfour at Man
chester on Jan nary li. in which he
said '"no one can contemplate hostili
ties between two rrect - :zed con -
tries without fselings 0/ misgivings
and of depression." declaring that
Great Britain would tarry out to the
fullest extent all her treaty c**Iigattons,
greatly influence*! this decision.
It Is reported that, as a result of this
conclusion. Russia intends to open
ports in Manchuria, withdraw her pre
tensions with regard to' Kor« -. and.
possibly, even not retain Pert Arthur
as a. military stronghold.
The correspondent cf the Times at
Mosctv comments' on the severity of
"Of course, any attempt of Russia to
increase very largely her naval forces
in the East by moving her Black Sea cr
Baltic fieet3 would make war a question
of only a few hours."
This statement seems to be bcrne out
by dispatches from Tokio yesterday
that Japan had received Russia's com
munication saying that Russia would
respect the right3 and privileges al
ready acquired by the powers in Man
churia, under the existing treaties with
China, except in the case off the estab
lishment of foreign settlements, which
show3 that negotiations are continuing
on the -question of Manchuria. '
At the Japanese legation to-nJg&t it
was said that no fresh news had been
received and that the situation re
mained unchanged.
In what it claims as an authoritative
statement the Daily Graphic thi3 morn
ing announces that the peace negotia
tions have arrived at a stage leaving
two points upon which neither Russia |
nor Japan 13 inclined to yield and as to I
which no means of a compromise have
yet been found. Both of these points
concern Manchuria, and their accept
ance would not In the slightest modify
the legal status quo or change the ad
ministrative situation in Manchuria:
but Jar>an insists "that they be em
bodied in a treaty between Japan and
Russia." while Russia, as a matter cf
amour propre. refuses to accept such
dictation at the hands of Japan. Much.
however, is still hoped from the Czar's
influence. The statement adds:
"China's firm stand since the reoccu- j
pation of Moukden has complicated the
Russian arangements in Manchuria for
defense and doubled the difficulties of
guarding the long line of communica
tion between the boundaries and the
coast line. The council of war is sit
ting daily. The port of Newchwang
and port3 on the Yalu River are ice
bound."
TWO POINTS IN DISPUTE.
ARMORED TRATX IS READY.
*"*&» Ifalir Mall's Seonf correspond
ent sars thatv an armored train •with,
quick-firing: guas from, the ships is
rrady at Chemulpo to roah metr to
Seoul at a moment's notice. The cor
respondent say3 that the Japanese
have secured control of the Korean
court and that the Emperor has wired
Peking and Tokio advising a triple
offensive and defensive alliance and
promising not t> leave SeouL
According- to the correspondeni ilc-
Levy Brown. Supervisor of the Korean
customs, secured possession of
Korean field guns on* the pretense
that they needed repairs and locked
them ux> In the Custom-house.
The Daily Mail's Port Arthur cor
respondent estimates that, the tptal
number of Russian troops nqw in
Manchuria 13 200,000. half of "whom
are guarding the railway. The corre
spondent says:
LONDON. Jan. , IS. — The Daily
Hail's Tokio correspondent says that
M. Pavloff. tee Russian. Minister ac
Seoul, has notified the Korean Gov
ernment that Korean troops have
crossed the Chinese boundary repeat
edly and committed excesses against
the inhabitants. Russian, customs of
ficials on the extreme northeastern
border report similar occurrences and
assert that the Koreans are burning
villages and killins inhabitants. Min
ister Pavloff warned the authorities
thai such proceedings would necessi
tate severe measures. The corre
spondent says that riots have broken
out at Chyung Choyngdo, in the prov
inve of Piyongan. Korea.
The Daily Mail's Seoul correspond
ent, cabling yesterday, makes no men
tion of these disturbances, but ac
cording to the Daily Telegraph's To
kio correspondent the Seoul corre
sopdent of the Jiji Shampo learns that
a general rising is imminent at
Phongyang and that Korean soldiers
are co-operating with the rebebs.
¦phongyangr was the scene of the risirts
which led to the war between. Japan
and China.
the censorship cf all dis^atche- r?fw-
Tin.s to movement cf trcops »v" Seets.
Kprean Troops Invade Chinese Ter*
ritory and Murder Villagers.
The most itartling developments
have come to light in the Investiga
tion by the police of the murder of : J*j
seph Blaise, for which crime Leon
Soever, brother-in-law of the dead
man, is under arrest.
Not only do the police claim that
Soeder's hand was the one that ended
the life of Blaise a week ago Sunday
night at the foot of Russian Hill, but
that he was one of a gang of conspira
tors who plotted to end a human life
in order to swindle insurance conxpa.
i nies.
It Is known that the police are shad
j owing certain persons in this city, and
two and possibly three more arrests
may be made at any time in connec
tion -with the murder of Blaise.
The theory of the police, based upon
information no-w in their possession,
is that the plot to find a victim in Eu
rope and bring him to this country to
be heavily insured and then murdered
was hatched five months ago.
One of the conspirators is supposed
I to be a saloon-keeper in this city, who
I has made a fortune .in the lowest
! walks of life. A second conspirator is
supposed to have left the city In the
last few days and his Identity is care
fully guarded by the police. The third
i conspirator is known to be a wealthy
i man, but absolutely unscrupulous in
i his greed for money.
The police believe that Soeder, who
is charged with the murder of Blaise,
j was induced to join the conspirators
on account of his record as an ex-con
vict and his implication in undiscov
ered crimes."
FURNISHED FUNDS FOR SOEDER.
: *-¦- Sceder_wax faj .iheJta&Jfcct 'Jap&tljig
of his connection with rich families in
! Germany and the police theory Is that
j the conspirators hoped when he joined
j them that he would be able to secure
, a victim whose standing would secure
¦ a very large insurance from the* com-
I panies.
It is said that the conspirators fur
nished Soeder with the funds to go to
Germany and bring hia victim to
America.
The police have been busily engaged
in tracing money remittances sent
from this city to Soeder in New York
City and so Europe.
Time is all that the police ask for
the full clearing up of" the case, and
this undoubtedly will be granted by
the courts. Detective Tom Gibson
said last night in an interview:
_ 'This man Seeder is undoubtedly the
murderer of Joseph Blaise. It took
five months to hatch the plot and I
have had only six days to prove his
guilt. It is a far-reaching case, and
to establish the guilt requires the gath
ering of the tangled ends, which will
require some time. "We have proof
enough to hold him at present, but we
must have delay."
"Is your demand for delay based on
the fact that you believe you can im
plicate others in the crime?" he was
asked.
, "I can't answer any questions in that
regard," he replied.
"Do you think the conspiracy to
murder this man Blaise extends to
Germany?" he was asked.
"There is another question I can't
answer." he replied. "Only give us
time enough and we will make this
the most interesting murder trial that
has ever occurred in San Francisco.'*
Evidence is now in the possession of
The, police tfceory is that when the
fellow* conspirators-,- of Soeder found
that the vietlni of the plo* was a sim
ple young iGeraaa hotel keeper and a
cook and that no large sums of insur
ance could, be secured on his life, they
demanded of Soeder -t_at he kill Blaise
kf::*s&fz:: to- ** reiailmr* * /'Jfeeni * far* 1 , the ¦
money adxane«d to SoMer to g»-. to
Germany. Failing In this, Soeder was
threatened with exposure to the police
for many crimes in. which he was im
plicated, including the suspicious death
of his wife in Petaluma.
Money was refused to Soeder by his
fellow conspirators. He was in des
perate straits and on the second week
cf his axrival*did not have enough to
pay his room rent of $3 5d. according to
the statement of J. Nibtaus, of whom
he rented a room, at 827 Jackson
street.
Soeder's statement that Blaise had
money in his possession and that he
was murdered by ». robber has been
proved to be false. The police have a
cablegram in their possession stating
that Blais did not take any money
with him from his home.
. The police think that Soeder painted
a roseate story to Blaise of ir^e golden
prospects in America and offered to
pay all expenses and that the unfortu
nate man accepted the terms and came
to America only to meet an awful end
by the knife of his relative.
SUPPOSED BROTHER. . .
The police also think that It was the*
intention of the conspirators that See
der should kill Blaise in New York
City or on the overland train, provided
Blaise's life could be heavily insured
in the metropolis.
Finding it was impossible to secure
insurance in New York. Soeder brought
his victim across the continent to thi3
city.
Detective Gibson is satisfied that Soe
der. while cunning, is also a bungler
in crime and that the full fiendishness
of the foul slaughter of Blaise will
be shown in all its awful details.
Gibson spent many hours yesterday
DEMANDED VICTIM'S DEATH.
The detectives have learned that pre
vious to Soeder leaving for Germany he
was r.lmost penniless. He traded on
his reputation as a cook to seccre free
meals at 2 cheap restaurant on the
Barbary Coast.
Suddenly Soeder announced his inten
tion, to take a trip abroad. He" j.aid his
debts and departed" in good style.
Seeder's return with" his brothjr-in-^aw,
Blaise, gave deep affront to the conspir
ators, . who expected to find that the
pros; ective victim of murder would be
a m--i of good social and commercial
standing.
On arriving in New York Soeder ap
plied for a policy of $10j5CO on the life of
Blaise. In San Francisco he again ap
plied'for another policy of the same
amount. He then .secured two policies
for-COOO eacby the£large sum of $10,000
being denied. by the insurance com
pany. ..*-¦ >.- -"'
the police tending to show that before
Soeder and his victim, Blaise, sailed
from Europe an application was made
to a life insurance company in Bremen
for a large* policy on Blaise, but that It
was refused by the company when it
was learned that Blaise was but a
humble hotel keeper in a little village.
Cablegrams are now in the oosses
sicn of Chief of Police WLtma» on
these lines, but time tvEII be required
for the evidence to- be legally taken in
Germany and forwarded to this coun
try.
Soeder also made another proposition
to Cannon, who is an ex-convict and
has done three years in the State's
prison for forgery, but the police re
fuse to divulge the nature of this pro
posal. From the evidence that a plot,
to murder for gain, was worked out
during the last five months by Soeder
and accomplices, it i3 believed that
Soeder made a proposition, to Can
non to join the conspirators and take
a portion of the results In insurance
money which they expected to get
on the lite of Blaise. The fact that
Soeder wanted to take into his con
fidence a man who has a term
in the penitentiary shows that he had
work to do that only a man with a
criminal record would do. The police,
as usual, refuse to give out Just what
took place when they interviewed Can
non, but the facts above mentioned
are known to be true.
The fact that Soeder promised to give
Cannon $10 a day for an Indefinite
length of time and a lump, sum of $200,
in the light of the fact that it is posi
tively known that Soeder had no mon
ey and was almost without a cent at
the time of Blaise's death. show3 that
he expected to receive a sum of money
in a short time.
_ That Soeder was ready to go
to any extreme to carry out hl3-> de
signs is shown, by the testimony given
to . the police by Frank Cannon. Can
non, told •-¦ Detective Thomas Gibson
that Soeder. had frequently, visited him
at ¦ theiOJlK. " salc^jjyon JParifie^,_strg$t,
an"dT same time ago' made-* htm a propo
sition to follow illsa Catharine Flat
ley and find out with whom she was
associating.
Soeder also asked Cannon to burn
down the residence at 200 Marshall
street, -where Miss Flatley resided with
her parents. Cannon further says that
Soeder offered him $10 a day for the
time he wa3 to spend In following Miss
Flatley and agreed to gix* him $300
when, he had set fire to and destroyed
her home.
OFFERED CAXXOX" 3IOXEY.
Soeder acted in a very cunning man
ner. He evaded the questions of Blaise
and sousht to gain information from
his visitor, even trying to speak to him
in German, which was not allowed by
Detective Gibson. Sc#<2er shelved no
emotion at meeting the man who may
be the brother cf the victim he is ac
cused of slaughtering like a sheep. All
he would say to Andrew Blaise was
that he was not guilty of the crime of
which he is accused.
The two men talked for more than an
hour, Andrew Blaise trying to find out
the names of the family into which
Soeder had married. Andrew Blaise
came originally from Welisottheim,
Germany, which is six miles from
Pfalsbourg, where Joseph Blaise re
sided.
Andrew Blaise left his home in Ger
many twenty years ago and has not
corresponded with his relatives for ten
years. Soeder denied at first that Jo
seph Blaise had any brothers, but
finally admitted that he did have one.
with Jlorltz Jleienburg and hia niece.
lli«3 Anna Melr," at 4800 Mission street.
lleienburg and hia neice came over in
the same steamer a3 did Soeder and
Blaise and. they became acquainted
with the two men on the voyage.
Andrew Blaise, an employe of the
Fredericksburg Brewery at San. Jose,
visited police headquarters yesterday.
He thinks that Joseph Blaise is •' his
brother and was allowed to- see Soe
der in the presence of Detective Gib
son.
Evidence Secured Showing Diabolical Plan
Was Hatched Five Months Ago.
HHOKIO, Jan. 17.— Japan does not expect Russia's rejoinder
J- for at least one zveek. In the meantime the tuition is pre
pared for and grimly reconciled to t:xrr. Political end other
distinctions have disappeared and the coztniry is patriotically
united. The government is reserving many offers of contribu
tions-in the event of zvar, amounting to millions of yen. The
Japanese people would welcome arz honorable peace, but arc
resolved to izght before receding from their position in Oriental
affairs. They fear the aggression of Russic, and believe if it
is not stopped now it ziill never be.
FAMOUS ADMIRAL
OF BRITISH FLEET
PASSES TO REST
Evidence secured by the police tends to show that Leon Soeder was but one of a band
of conspirators in this city who sougfit to swindle insurance companies by foul murder of a
victim whose life had been heavily insured. *
The police are said to know of three men who were implicated in the plot that led to
the slaughter of Joseph Blaise on the night of Sunday, January 10, at the foot of Russian
HOI, and further arrests are expected at any time.
The men who are suspected of being accomplices of Soeder are known to the police.
They are thought to have supplied funds to him, and testimony is being sought to prove that
they forwarded money to Soeder in New York and Europe.
JAPAN'S RICH MEN
CONTRIBUTE GOLD
TO THE WAR CHEST
POLICE FIND OTHERS WERE IMPLICATED
WITH SOEDER IN PLOD TO KILL BLAISE
T22* T H Ft T
ATcazar — "Sirs. Jaci-"
CaliTarsla — "Tie Tata! Wed*
C«afcral — »*a Bowcst Otn.™
Xiscier's — -"niB Beacxy S&oro-"*
Graad — "Cae Sirts la J=e."
OrpheiEn — VicdariHe.
Cin^s — T»3drrtn«.
Tivcli — ""CTaen Jalaay Orssa
atarchia.? Haste.**
CoIriTnMa — "Ifc*. Sccxtax** d-
TOXC*. 1 *
VOLUME XCY— NO. 40.
_ , : a
?crccast mad* at Saa rraa
clrco icz thirty ienra dlias
Sss ITa-Bciasa aad vicisity —
Cloafiy, witi rais aicrdiy; ligti !
sc-rh-rest wind.
c-. h. ¦srrr.r.scar,
I^ocnl Fcrecaiie.
The San Francisco Call.SPRINGFIELD, Ohio. Jan. 17.— A
mass-meeting in memory of former
Governor Asa Bushnell was" held -this
afternoon in the City; Hall. Every seat
was taken and the stage, aisles : ; and
balcony were packed. Judge J. M. ; Ha
gan. General J. W. "Warren r Keiffer and
others eulogized the dead. , ",
Honors to Bushnell's Memory.
Gas heaters, formerly $4.50. now $2.50.
at San Francisco Gas and Electric .Com
pany.; 4 15 Post street. ;-', •
SAN JOSE. Jan. 17.— Rain began
falliner in. this city shortly before 9
o'clock this morning and during most
of the day, the fall being .67 of an Inch,
making 3.19 inches .for the season.
To-night it cleared and is quite cold
with the mountains surrounding, the
valley covered ;with snow. The wind
la still in the south with every indi
cation of more rain:
SANTA ROSA, Jan. 17.—Rain,-ac
companied by the heaviest wind storm
in years, broke over this city at an
early hour this morning. The down
pour was the heaviest of the season,
and made miniature rivers of the gut
ters and lakes of the streets. .The
rain will prove ' greatly beneficial to
crops. It has been falling, almost all
day. and the precipitation has amount
ed to probably two. inches.. The sea
son's rainfall Is greatly In excess, of
that of the. previous-year at ' this date,
and should no \ more rain descend.
Sonoma County, is assured good crops.
s^:y jose is moistened.
In an interview to-night Weather
Observer J.' H. Scarr said the rainfall
in Sacramento to-day registered .22,
while the fall on Friday night was
.04. The total rainfall for the season,
to date has been 5.2, while* the nor
mal is 9.69, and the rainfall of last
season to an equal date was 6.71. •
"While the rainfall this year has
been considerably less than the nor
mal," said Observer Scarr, '.'neverthe
less it has been peculiarly favorable to
the farmers and orehardists. The rain,
has been so moderate as to allow the
farmers to go out into the fields and
do their plowing and seeding, whereas,
in other years, where the precipitation
has been much heavier, the ground
was in such a wet condition that the
farmers could not go out into the
ilelds with their plows. I do not think
the farming lands and orchards in the
great Sacramento Valley could be in
better condition than at present.
Plowing and seeding have been going
on continuously since the rains began
and the early sown grain is looking
splendid. The outlook among the
orehardists is also very bright. I have
received no reports to-day, this being
Sunday, from the other valley points,
but I am certain that this rainfall has
been general throughout the Sacra
mento Valley. The 'temperature to
night has dropped to .44 . degrees,
which indicates snow , in the moun
tains. The prospects are that there
will be still more rain in the valley
to-night or to-morrow, as the storm
conditions still prevail."'
to date is considerably below the aver
age, it has been s"o evenly distributed
as to enable the farmers to carry on
their operations- to the best advantage,
and from., every quarter of the great
valley come reports of rejoicing. The
miners had begun to fear there would
be a scarcity of snow on the moun
tains and consequent curtailment of
the water supply In the streams and
sluices next summer, but the latest re
ports from the mountains show that
snow I- falling and that the miners
are as well satisfied with th6 prospect
as the farmers In the valley. *
At this time last year there had been
over two .inches of rain, but the amount
later was slight and the year was as
good as some that the county has ex
perienced. To-night reports from all
over the county say that heavy rains
are falling and in the mountains there
is a fierce snowstorm. Seldom has
there. been greater rejoicing than there
Is to-night.
SATISFACTION IX SAX JOAQUIX.
STOCKTON,* Jan. 17:— Rain set in
here to-day Shortly before noon and
by nightfall something over half an
inch had 1 fallen. The fall is general
throughout San Joaquin County. Mois
ture was badly needed and the farm
ers had begun to fear a dry winter
Rain was needed not only in the high
lands, but on the reclaimed islands
also. The prospects are good for a
continuation of the rain to-night. The
storm is greatly appreciated by the
farmers and it .will do" much to stimu
late business activity in this vicinity
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 17.— The\trite
saying that ".the farmers '. are jubilant
never was more applicable than at pres
ent with respect . to the entire Sacra
mento Valley. Although the rainfall
Reports from Soledad and King City
and points lower down the Salinas Val
ley tell of a steady downpour, all day.
In the hill and grazing parts of the
county devoted to sheep and cattle
raising the present storm will be'.most
beneficial, as the early feed is about
exhausted and many of the cattle and
sheep men had commenced to move
their stock. If the present storm be
followed by moderate weather It can
not fail to relieve the situation in
Monterey County. The long continued
dry spell has wrought a general depres
sion in business which will be greatly
releived by the present generous rain.
The hills surrounding the Salinas Val
ley are capped with enow and It Is in
variably an Indication of more rain.
The present storm has greatly relieved
the situation in this county and with
moderate rains during the season
Monterey County will have fair crops.
BAKERSFIELD, Jan. 17.— The long
drought which has prevailed In Kern
County as well as in other parts of
the State throughout the entire sea
son was broken to-night bv a steady
downpour of rain starting about 5
o'clock and continuing for several hours,
with every prospect that it' will last
til! early morning. The morning was
very clear and at 11 o'clock the sun was
hot as a July day. About 2 o'clock it
clouded up and a nasty sandstorm set
in. Then it turned cold and the rain
started to come down hard. Up to this
evening only .24 of an inch had fallen
at Bakersfield during the season and
still less in other parts of the county.
The outlook was gloomy in the extreme,
the grass being altogether insufficient
to sustain cattle in the foothills and
valleys and but little better in the
mountains. No deaths have been re
ported from starvation, but the stock
has been kept up with clfflculty. The
usual shipments into the county from
New Mexico. Arizona, Western Texas
and Mexico hrve been greatly curtailed
so far this season.
SALIXAS VALLEY DAMP.
The present rain is general, and re
ports from all parts of the Salinas Val
ley tell of a steady fall. Up to the
present storm the total rainfall for the
season in the 'county had been but a
little over one inch. On the hills the
feed had ceased growing and plowing,
which c6mmenced some two months
ago in the valley, had stopped com
pletely owing to the dryness of the
ground. .While very late, the present
storm will do an immense amount of
good. Grain has not been sown to any
extent in any part of the county, and
a couple of Inches now. will result in
an immense acreage.
The present shower has been copious
enough to guarantee plenty of feed in
the immediate future. Grain land that
was planted months ago and had
given no promise of producing a crop
will, according to the farmers, show
the immediate effect of the storm.
There has been a heavy snowfall in
the mountains, assuring plenty of
water for irrigating ditches for several
months. If the present storm continues
for another twenty-four hours, as ap
pearances indicate it will, with the cer
tainty of late spring showers, Fresno
County is guaranteed another. yfar of
prosperity such as has just passed.
SALINAS, Jan. 17.— The rainfall of
the past ten hours has been worth hun
dreds of thousands of dollars to Mon
terey County. After a heavy south
wind, beginning about midnight, a
heavy rain started in this morning and
has continued the greater part of the
day. A brisk southerly wind is blowing
to-night, and with a low barometer in-*
dications point to a generous downpour
all night.
FRESNO, Jan. 17.— The long-looked
for rain has come at last, and since
noon Fresno has had a downpour of
over an inch. It is by odds the biggest
shower of the season, and has come
Just In time to save the crops and to
change to smiles the gloom on the faces
of the farmers and the cattlemen. Nev
er in many seasons had rain been so
badly needed in this section of the
State. Cattlemen and sheepmen have
been in despair, and the prices on cat
tle in the past week have been as low
as $6 per head and sheep as low as 50
cents per head because of the prospect
of drought. There was no feed any
where in the mountains.
nlghtis rain will be bf"great benefit to
stockmen in particular; Had the drought
continued through January hundreds
of cattle would have died, as feed was
getting very scarce. Agriculturists of
all classes have been waiting anxiously
fora break in the drought, bean farmers
especially being sufferers. If the rain
fall proves to be of" gtrodly quantities
incalculable benefit will be the result.
TULARE, Jan. 17.— There were heavy
showers all through the afternoon and
evening. The total rainfall for the
storm to the present time is .30 of an
inch and it is still raining. This means
much to the entire community, as feed
was becoming scarce and the wheat
was sufferins.
SANTA ANA, Jan. 17.— A gentle rain
with Intermittent' heavy showers com
menced falling here at 8 o'clock to
night. Previous rainfall for the season
was only .26 of an inch, so that this
is the first precipitation of importance
since last May. The rain will be wel
comed by all classes of farmers who
have deferred plowing and seeding for
weeks in anticipation of it. Lack of rain
has been especially severe on stockmen
and grain farmers. Horticulturists have
resorted to winter irrigation, extensively
in lieu of rain. .'.': ¦••'¦
GREAT HEJOICIXG IX FRESXO.
VENTURA. Jan. 17.— Rain com
menced fallfnsr this afternoon about 4
o'clock and the indications are for a
continuance of the .downpour during
the night The wind is southeast,
which if a very favorable indication.
There has been no rain since May after
last year. At this date last year the
preripi' -tion was nine inches. To-
nowxroun at vextura.
SANTA BARBARA. Jan. 17.— At 3
o'clock this afternoon rain began pour
ing here. After three hours of precipi
tation the streets of the city were
flooded. Early this morning a strong
wind t»«t in from the southeast and
to-night the wind continues from the
pame direction, indicating a contin
uance of the storm. Reports Received
from outside stations of the. county re
port the storm quite general. There is
great rejoicing In the livestock districts,
as feed had grown so scarce that cat
tle were dying in large numbers. Stock
men were preparing to ship cattle to
Nevada, where feed Is more plentiful.
CAYL'COS, Jan. 17.— Sixty-hundredths
of an inch of rain has fallen here to
day and it. is still raining. The rain
breaks an unorecedented drought. This
town is the center of the great dairy in
terests of San Luis Obispo County,
which have suffered enormously
through a lack of feed and loss of
stock. The season is now half gone.
Stock is in r.oor condition. The quar
antine against the removal of stock on
account of the Texas tick has been
raised for twenty-five days for inspect
ed Ptoek. The time expires January 30,
but few are prepared to remove cattle.
Fortunately the rain has rendered this
unnecessary. Plowing and seeding have
been greatly delayed owing to the late
ness of the dairy season. Much grain
v.* ill now be sowed.
SAN LUIS OPISPO, Jan. 17.^Rain
commenced falling at noon to-day and
.75 of an inch fell during the afternoon.
The wind is south, with every indica
tion that the drought, which has lasted
Fince the summer, is broken. Previous
to the present rain .82 of an inch had
fallen for the season, in such widely
separated showers that little good re
sulted.
At 12 o'clock to-night the sky is per
fectly clear and the storm appears to
have spent itself.
SAN DIEGO. Jan. 17.— To-night the
sky was heavily clouded and at 10
o'clock slight rain began falling. It
Feems likely to develop into a heavy
downpour before morning. Rain is bad
ly needed in this county.
MOISTURE AT SAX LUIS.
,if the showers continue for a few
days and thoroughly soak the cracked
and parched earth the benefit to every
kind of business, agricultural and com
mercial alike, will be beyond calcula
tion.
The only rain that has fallen in
Los Angeles since last spring, almost
seven months ago, occurred on Sep
tember '21. when the precipitation
amounted to .43 of an inch. It came
too early to do any good and did ac
tual hurt to grapes, beans and other
fall gathered crojis.
Notwithstanding the long spell of
warm, dry weather there has been no
Hctua.1 suffering among and very little
loss of livestock in this immediate vi
cinity. Reports from other counties,
however, had begun to tell of a scar
city of feed and water and consequent
suffering of livestock and serious
losses to follow if rain did not come
to bring relief.
Farmers began to despair of crop
prospects. AH along the coast vegeta
tion had dried up except where there
>\ere facilities for irrigating. Very little
Brain has been sown owing to the con
dition of the earth. Some ranchers did
"dry plowing" and thus took chances
on the coming of rain to give life to the
grain in the ground. Citrus fruits have
not Euffered as much as other interests.
Oranges, however, are smaller than
usual owing to lack of moisture. To
night's rain will greatly benefit them.
VALUE OF THi: KAIX.
Beginning at Santa Barbara at 3
o'clock this afternoon, and traveling
rapidly alone: the coast line, the first
of the rainfall reached Los Angeles at
7 o'clock. For two days clouds have
drifted across the sky from west to
east, occasionally varying their course
from northwest to southwest. The
sun this morning was obscured by
lowering clouds, which a southeasterly
wind sent seaward. -At 2 p. m. the
sky cleared and it looked as if the
storm clouds, l'ke so many had done
before, had withheld their moisture
and passed away.
About 5 o'clock, however .the - low
lying gray clouds drifted landward
again. Weather sharps who have
passed through memorable Southern
California droughts cast weather eyes
skyward and ventured the statement
lh;tt the "rain surely is coming to
night." It did come to-night and* the
people of this part of the State were
so happy to see it that thousands who
were caiyrht out of doors gave no heed
to the \setting they got.
LOS AXGELES, Jan. 17.— Rain—
the first in 117'days— is falling- over
Southern California- to-night. The
parched earth is drinking up in co
rious draughts the long expected and
anxiously awaited moisture that will
revivify the fast dying vegetation and
remove grave apprehension of a disas
trous drought.
THE SAN . FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY,! JANUARY V 18, 1904.
Southland Is Visited by a Much-Needed Downpour
y and in the Salinas Valley the Moisture Ar
rives Opportunely for Big Success of Crops
SUDDEN RAIN FRESHENS FIELDS
AND DISPELS FEARS OF FARMERS
JUPITER PIXVIUS split a hinge in the celestial reservoir yester
day afternoon and over nearly all'of Southern 'California abund
ant rain is soakinzr tbe thirsty soil and thrilling: with joy the
farmers and orchardists who had almost despaired of the- success of
their crops. In the Salinas Valley, In San Joaquin and in the re
gion around Sacramento plentiful moisture is reported". The down
pour Is of tremendous benefit to stoekraisers, who have experienced
unusual difficulty in providing water for -cattle, *~*~
2
Take Laxative • Bromo Quinine Tablets.' .AH
drufRlsts refund the money If , it. fails to cure.
E.-.W. Grove's signature Is on each box.' 25c. *
To Cure a Cold in One Day.
Home indorsement, the public expres-
sion of San Francisco people, should be
evidence beyond dispute for., every San
J-'rar.clsco reader. Surely the experience
of friends and neighbors, chetrfully
Kiven by them, will carry more weight
than the utterances of •strangers resid-
ing in far-away places. Read the follow-
ing:
James E. Brown, contracting painter
pf 17 Capp street, says: "A man at my
occupation requires a good, sound back.
If that part of his nnatomy is weak.
In me or aching every move of the brush
brings torture. Besides, the ingredients
used in my calling act directly on the
kidneys and aggravate those organs If
they are over-cxeited. The first box' of
Donn's Kidney Pills brought me such re-
lief that I bought several more and con-
tinued the treatment until the last at-
tack disappeared." , - . .
For sale by all dealers. Price 58 cents.
Foster-Milburn Co.. Buffalo. N. Y.,i sole
agents for the United Ctates.
Remember the name, IJoan's, and tak«
to substitute.
HuaftreSe cf Ban Francisco Citizens Can
Tell Ton All About It.
ASK YOUR NEIGHBOR.
DOAN'S KIDNEY PILLS.
, AMUSEMENTS.
tlVOLI^s^.
SECOND WEEK AND TREMENDOUS
SUCCESS.
When Johnny
Conies Marching Home.
A Military Spectacular Comic- Opera by Stan-
islaus Stange and Julian Edwards.
Martial Music! • Picturesque Scenery! North-
ern SoMiers and Southern Sweethearts!
MATINEE SATURDAY.
Usual Popular Prices 23c. 80c and 73a
Box Seats * .$1.00
DEAVES' MERRY MANIKINS
And a Great Show Every Afternoon and
Eventaj^ln the Heated* Theater.
A CHINESE BABT IN THE INFANT INCU-
BATOR.
Visit the Mystic Mirror Maze.
BABT L2OPAKD IN TBS ZOO!
AMATEUR NIGHT THURSDAY.
Admission. 10c; Children. 3c.
When Phoning. Ask for "The Chut— i"
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
LYRIC HALL Jo-Night &
NEXT TO NEW TTVOLI
Burton Holmes
LECTURES
ai-h, SIBERIA
Magnificent Colored Views
Realistic Motion Pictures
TO-MORROW EVENING. ALASKA I.
-; . . The Fjords. Sltka and Whit* Pass
SATURDAY. Special Matinee at 3
T«LLOWSTONE PARIf
Seata SIjOO.. 75c. 50c. at Sherman. Ctay & Cv. ¦*.
—4.
ORDER FOR THE
GREAT
TWENTIETH CENTURY
COOK BOOK.
Mall This Order to The S. F.
Call Wltb 73c.
The San Francisco CALLC .'
¦ » San Francisco. CaL,
Enclosed herewith . please
find 75c for which send me
one copy of THE CLAXX.'S
GREAT TW-BJIT-mTH, _ CSV-
TUXT COO3C BOOK. < Fifty
Cents is TEE CALL'S PEE-
MIUM rate to all Its six-
month subscribers and the ad-
ditional 25c is to prepay ship-
pins charges.)
SIGNED ;.
STREET «••'•••••••••••••.... *
InHf Cal $1.09 Der Year
. • AMUSEMENTS.
CALIFORNIA
THIS WEEK. Gff^
I The Successful Melodrama .^
TliEFATALl
I WEDDING i
ffl \ See the Famous Church Scene With B
|sl the Choir Boys. l|
H NEXT MONDAY NIGHT. v;g
H LIEBLER and CO.'S magnlflcent pro- H
H duction of Hall Caine's Power- J W
pa ful Play. u
j THE ETERNAL CITY j
H With EDWARD MORGAN and the H
M Entire Brilliant New York Cast. El
fcj Special Music by Mascasni. |S
S SEATS ON SALE TO-DAY.
v^_ , c**
A Y S~i A fT A T^fc Belasco & Mayer.
ALCAZAR -irFvsz.
- . . _ GSnsral Manager.
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY and SUNDAY.
First San Francisco Production.
F\/SL r~^ *rr> Cyclonic
.J./\.GK- j S o^«j rt:
Full of Fun. Droll Types, the Western Widow,
the Pugilist, the Crushed Tragedian, the
Auto Accident, the Buffalo Hunt the Fourth
of July Fete. •; . • - «_ _
Evgs;. 25c to 75c: Mat.. Sat & Pun., 15t to COc.
MQN. NEXT— Fine Production of •
THE MASJQUERADERS
- BY HENRY ARTHUR JONES.
BcIhbco & Mayer. Proprietors.
Market street, near Eighth. Phone South 533.
TO-NIGHT— ALL TH»S WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
¦ The Record-Breaking Success,
A BOWERY GIRL
Greatest of .Ua-to-Date Melodramas.-
Sensations • Without Number!
Jollity in Abundance! -
Alvid Fire Scene! Dynamite Explosion!
Song and Dance Specialties!
. ALL CENTRAL FAVORITES IN CAST.
DDIfPC Evenings ; .10c to ,*>0c.
rnlWCj , Matinees. ........... ..10c. 15c. 25c.
January 25th— The Magnincent Dramatic
/ Spectacle. QUO VADI8. :'.¦¦
At the ~p 1722
Rate of : |. Nightly
THE BEAUTY SHOP
Could easilyrun for six 1 months/ but It. will be.
-" kept on the istase only a fortntsht longer. -
The Biggest of All Musicai Hits.:
INNOVATIONS TO-NIGHT — "You V Alone.
/.Love": -*'Eat. Drink. Be Merry,", and new
specialties. . ¦ '
: Our VAll-Star" Cast.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
POPULAR PRICES.
Weak Men and Wonien
SHOULD USE DAM1ANA BITTERS. rHB
Gn-at Mexican ' Remedy; gives health an4
strength to sexual organs. Depot, S2J Marked
TiiMairTi MninM«iTMi«ii*T-Yi<mMiirMrt*iwTrT* i«irf—P ntmrf
AMCSEMEXTO.
SECOND AND LAST WEEK
! "Sir LANGTRY
.To-night, also Tucs. and W«a. Nlshts."
"MRS. DEERING'S DIVORCE."
f hursrtBy. Friday and Saturday Nifrht* and
Saturday Matinee. First Time3 Here of
Sydney Grundy's •
"THE DEGENERATES"
As played by Mrs. Lingtry for 4S» consecutive
performances In London and the Provinces.
*Sun.. Jan. 24 — German Performance,
"ALS ICH WIEDERKAM."
BEGINNING NEXT MONDAY, JAN. 35.
The International Musical Comedy Triumph.
AGHiNESE HONEYMOON
Company of ICO. Seats. Ready Thursday.
ENTICING VAUDEVILLE!
Steln-Erctto Fnmil}-: Stanley and
AVIlson; .Kelly and Vlolette; Irving
Jones: Howard Thurston: Wall no
and. Marinctte; A?ra;_ White and
Simmons and Orplituuu Motion
Picture*.
Regular Matinees Every Wednesday. Thurs-
day, t-aturday and Sunday. Prices, 10c, 2Sc
and oOc.
¦I E»9' §3^A h^k^9 r\ •!
MATINEE SATXTRDAT — All Thia Week
THE SWEETEST STORY EVER TOLD
' The Pretty Pastoral Drama
ONE NIGHT IN JUNE
lA/Illlcam J. Holmes
And an Excellent Cast
Beginning NEXT SUNDAY MATINEE
IV.'H.TURNEK
In a Splendid Production o£ ' >
DAVID HARUM
USUAL POPULAR PRICES
Racing !^^^?Racin|!
OAKLAND RACE TRAQK
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
« . Commencing January 4.
Racing Each Week Day. Rain or Shin*.
Six or More Kaces Daily.
Races commence at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
For special trains stopping at tbe track tak*
S. P. Ferry, foot . of Market street, at 12.
12:30. l!0O. 1:30 or 2 o'clock. No imcktnr la
last two cars, which ar* reserved for ladies
and their escorts.
tteturnlng trains leave track at 4:10 and
4:45 and Immediately. after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS President.
PKRCT W TREAT S»cr«t»ry.
I DfcPIERCES
GOLDEN
MEDICAL
HeSCOVERY
' FOR THE
BB_OOP,1IVER.HJNGS.
¦ . ,' ADVEBTISEMENTS.
- ;. > r - -•¦ |v , ; - * ¦ ¦¦_— ; -Illllllllirair II IIIIIIIIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII IIHIinB^BBBaBBBB^^^B^BI^B
4g^% Our immense Holiday trade has reduced man lines in all de- r v O
•C^| partments We must sell them before taking stock ;[ «vf
>. February 1st. .: • # I "
%^ For a Short Time Only Original Price Tags
|^Jj We offer you 20% discount on When you make your se- ?
these small lots, which brings lections just pay us 20% less J
/^S^ our already low prices down to than the price marked on the 6^3i
O^s 1 the extreme limit of saving. garment, \ f^^&
O| These lots are all' seasonable garments and include every style, price and finish in our extensive /^5I3§£\
I stock of Clothing for Man, Boy or Child, from the highest grades downward. \ 8T JS
|P^1| 1 A GREAT LEGITimATE A\O1NEY-S/\VIING OFFER Nl 'SjO
Vq.I a^iill: to tv\an
W CLOTHIERS 51^518 MARKET SXfio^omery TO YOU W
•ADVERTISEMENTS.
• 9 '
, Print in £
zsr\d
Developing
AT LOW PRICES. .
My work in this line is llm class and
« my prices are very low. I'm doing the
larsest volume of Printing and Develop-
ing of any one on the coast for out-of-town
people. .Try me on an -order. You'll be
pleased. Here' are a few prices:
FBZKTZHO:
Roll vof six • K>°
Roll of twelve 13c
DEVELOPING: ' -
Sollo nnl«h * 3c to 5c
Velox finish 3c to Co
Out of town orders promptly taken care of.
THAT MAN PITTS.
*?:»;,', F.VW. PITTS. The Stationer.
1008 MARKET ST., Above Powell,
• " SAN FRANCISCO. .
P' ' ¦¦,'¦-¦-
•"¦nP &*** 5t>m*6 J8L H»^W
Guaranteed Pure.
None So GoocE*
Sold EVeryWh&ffo
HILBKKT MJCltCAN'riL.E CO...
¦ Pacltlo Cosst Agents. •
PfllafP DON'T FAIL TO
raiaWW Bee the beautiful
4 '-COURT Lounging
fififl. roam, the EMPIRE
9.™ PALLOR., the
C J PALM ROOM, the
tirflnd LOUIS-. XY. PAR.
UlUUU LOR and the LA-
U^i.^1^ DIES' WRITING
ilotels j room.
$ visit DR. JORDAN'S gheat 4
0HUSEUH OF aanTOlY^
; Q ;; v LM -^ lOH kfttSB a. ttt. 8:b»7A, S.P.CU. A
\ . ¦.'* <&¦ , .' The Ltrcett Anatomical Museum in tbe \
v ' jt» _ n[ .» . ' World. . Weaknel<ief ¦ or , aay costrteteit Q
: a SvSSW d '' e '"' e p«»ill»i-l7c«r«* by the oldest Y
O fl~iJ3ll ijpeciilist on the Coisi . list. 36yelri. fS
$ *iT&?h DItm JORDAH-O'SEASES OF.MEN A
A B CoMultaiion free »nd frii-tly pririie. \
if ft Mfjf H Trnstment penon»lly or by letter. A Q
¦\n W ' -« If lpMiti " Cttrt in et e f f «*•« oDdertaktn." :T
0 r II ' II v -'* w ' ite for Bm>1 *' maoiopuv «r A
* I I MARRIAGE. MAILED I'REE. UY
X O {f. valuable book, for niMi) ¦ * Jk
V, 15 K. JUCOAN & CO.. 1051 Market Stt..O. F. V
A8THMANOLA
• Is the only cure for Nervous and
Bronchial ASTHMA, y
Ycur Druceist oral TAJS HA1GHT ST..
tian Francisco,. Cal.AUTHOR OF THE BILL THAT IS INTENDED TO
AID THE MERCHANT MARINE OF THE
UNITED STATES.
To Cure Grip in Two Days. ._"
Laxative Bromo . Quinine removes the cause.
To get the genuine call for the full name. 25c. •
The- total income of all American
farmers last year was about $5,500 000 -
000. *
The gold production in the Transvaal
for September amounted to 276,197 fine
ounces, or about $5,235,000.
Gas heaters, formerly $4.50. now $2.50,
at San Francisco Gas and Electric Com
pany. 415 Post street. •
Isaac Friedman, a prominent busi
ness man of this city and one of the
pioneers of the State, passed away at
5 o'clock yesterday morning after hav
ing undergone an operation. 'Mr.
Friedman is survived bv 'a wife, two
sons and two daughters. He was prom
inent in Jewish circles and one of the
best known manufacturers of unleav
ened bread in this- city. No,arrange
ments have yet been made • for the
funeral.
Pioneer Citizen Dies.
SPRINGFIELD, 111., Jan. 18.— The
lumberyard of the Peter Vredenburg
Company and several small : buildings
were destroyed by fire to-night. The
Western and Commercial Hotels, near
by, were damaged by smoke and wa
ter, and the guests were forced ,to flee
for their lives. Loss, $100,000. * '
Fire Destroys Lumber Yard.
First-class tickets between San Francisco and
Los Angeles, either direction, including stop and
two days' entertainment at famous Paso Robles
Hot Springs Hotel, only $21; children, $13 50.
Privilege- or thirty days' 6topover. Best of fare
and sefvico at hotel. Curative mud or water
baths hot from celebrated medicinal springs;
lovely country; fine drix-es; invigorating moun
tain air: warm sunshine. Just the place to
rest. Full information of Southern Pacific
ticket agents. • .
Special Rates.
• Men ? had to consider why they were
here and they had to ask themselves
whether^ they are good to God and
man. God, he said, needed.-men as a
living part of his plans to bring them
to completion: and he-prayed 'that God
would helD them^to know, their, place
in the day's demand and to- ably fill it
After the lecture the great, body off
men adjourned to the , lecture hall
where" a social-religious half hour was
passed with singing. The Sunday even
ing tea followed., . ;;
The Rev. Frank S. Ford . gave the
third of his series of lectures before a
large gathering of men in the Audi
tcrium of the Young Men's Christian
Association yesterday afternoon, his
subject being "The Day's Demand."
He said that the plans of God needed
men and that the saving of the world
would depend Upon men. Personality is,
he considered, a great factor in follow
ing out the plans laid down. He quoted
Balzac, who had said that to eat man
must stc-on down to the animals, but
to think he must lift up to God. : " ;
Large Gathering of Men Attends the
Sunday Afternoon Lecture at
the Y. M . C. A.
REV. FRANK S. FORD SPEAKS
UPON "THE DAY'S DEMAND"
Francis A. White, Wealthy Banker and
Speculator, Succumbs in This City.
Francis A. White of Everett, Wash.,
died in this city yesterday. Deceased
was born in Unadilla, Otsego County,
X. Y., July 19. 1S23. He was one of
the pioneers of Nebraska and the Cen
tral West, being one of the proprietors
and owners of the first stage line to
run between Omaha and Denver. Mr.
White was largely interested in rail
road construction and banking in the
Middle West. Later he removed . to
New York, becoming interested in the
New York, Rutland and Montreal
Railroad and the Toledo and Colum
bus Southern Railroad. He was one
of a party of passengers on the first
train to run from New York to Al
bany.
In 1876 he was one of the promoters
of the New York Consolidated Mining
Stock Exchange and was a successful
operator in Wall street. He was a
man of wide railroad experience and
knew intimately many great magnates,
among them J. J. Hill, upon whose ad
vice Mr. White went to Everett in
1891. He did not engage actively in
business, save for a brief management
of a bank he started in 1893. He was
instrumental in taking much capital
to Everett for investment and was well
posted on current affairs.
Deceased came to California on De
cember 12 in search of health and ex
pected to remain here until next June.
His only child, Creda E. White of
Fruitvale, Cal., was at his bedside
when he passed away.
Mr. White was a very wealthy man.
NEBRASKA PIONEER DIES.
They walked along to Pacific street,
when they heard a crash proceeding
from the hotel doorway, and on hurry
ing back discovered that a, hole large
enough to enable a man to crawl
through: had been made in. one of the
panels of the door. Moriarity was
placed under arrest and when searched
a silver spoon and silver salt celler that
he could not satisfactorily account for
were found in his .pockets.
The officers learned that Moriarity
had also attempted to force open- the
door of A. Rossi's machine shop at 804
Sansome street earlier in the morning,
but was driven away by Rossi.
August Mc-riarity, a soldier, was ar
rested early yesterday morning by Po
liceman Matheson and Special Officer
Warren and booked at the City Prison
on a charge of attempt to commit bur
glary. About 3 o'clock Warren informed
Matheson that the screen on the door
of the Roma Hotel. S18 Sansome street,
had been tampered with'. They saw
Moriarity standing in the doorway, but
did not disturb him. 1
Pane! in Door of Roma Hotel
to Effect Entrance.
August Moriarity Accused of Breaking
About 11 o'clock yesterday morning
Mrs. Schweler. one of the roomers, de
tected the odor of gas coming from
Horn's room and notified Eberle, who
opened the door and found Horn dead
in bed. with the gas turned fully on.
The keyhole of the door had been
stuffed with paper. Horn had evident
ly committed suicide. -The body was
removed to the Morgue.
As the man was unknown to Eberle
the police were notiflfd, and Detective
O'Dea was detailed on the case. The
only thing in the man's pockets was a
key marked Wilson House. O'Dea went
to the Wilson House, at 775 Mission
street, and discovered that Horn had
occupied the room to which the key be
longed for five or six weeks, leaving
on December 25. The only thing known
about Horn there was that he was in
the habit of hanging around a social
club on Market street. He was about
40 years of age.
Henry U. Horn went to a lodging
house at 737^ Howard street on Satur
day night about 11 o'clock and engaged
a room from the landlord, William
Eberle. He asked Eberle if there was
gas in the room and Eberle replied in
the affirmative. Eberle. however,
handed him a lamp and he retired to
his room.
in Lodging-House Where He
Engaged a Room.
Henry E. Horn Found Dead in Bed
SAN 1IATEO. Jan. 17.— John Gordon,
ore of the oldest citizens of San Mateo
OAKLAND. Jan. 17. — The body of
George Osbourne Jr.. the son of
George Osbourne. the well-known ac
tor, arrived in Oakland to-day from
Detroit. Mich., where the young man
died last Monday. The body will re
main in this city until Tuesday, when
the funeral will take place from the
Church of St. Francis de Sales. The
young man. who was only 26 years of
age, died very suddenly. He was
walking along one of the streets of
Detroit, when he fell to the sidewalk.
He failed to ree-ain consciousness. He
v-ai» at the time playing with one of
Frohman's companies.
San Mateo Pioneer Dead
Osbourne's Body Arrives.
County, died yesterday afternoon. He
was 74 years of age, a native of Ver
mont and came to California in ISoO,
having sailed from Boston on the Ar
gonaut late in 1S43. After two years of
mining he settled in Woodside, Saa
Mateo County, where he operated a
«tage line between that point and San
Francisco. He erected the first shingle
mill in the county at that place. He
also founded the San Mateo and Pes
cadero stage line in 1S64. Since that
year he resided in this city.
PLUGS UP THE KEYHOLE
AND TURNS ON* THE GAS
SOLDIER ARRESTED FOR
ATTEMPTED BURGLARY
PARIS, Mo.. Jan. 17.— Dr. G. B. Dy
sart, an ex-surgeon of CockreH's bri
gade of the Confederate army, died of
pneumonia at his home in this city to
day, aged 70 years.
Ex-Confederate Surseon Dies.
BOULDER. Colo., Jan. 17. — The
mother of Captain Richmond P. Hob
son died at the home of Shirley Davia
to-day after a long illness. Her son
was with her when she died and will
leave witn the remains to-morrow for
Greensboro, Ala., where they will be
interred. Mrs. Hobson was born at
Richmond Hill, N. C, February 21.
1843. She came to Boulder last sum
mer and has since remained here on
account of the benefit to her health.
Captain Hob-on's Mother Dies.
While the engineers are feeding car
load after carload of rock to fill in the
sunken places it will be necessary to
send supplies around the lake by way
of Tacoma and Hogup, instead of di
rectly from Ogden, as has been done
in the past.
SALT LAKE, Utah, Jan. 17.— The
track on # the cut-off across the Great
Salt Lake has again settled and this
time the trouble is more serious than
any reported in months past. About 200
feet of track is affected and rendered
useless for the time being. The engin
eers, however, are working to over
come the latest setback.
This latest sinking occurred at Mid
lake. A few days ago a heavy wind
storm severely tested the structure of
the cut-off and a portion of it gave
w.ay.
Special Dispatch to The Cal!
Ogden-Lucin Cnt-OiT Is Again
Impassable Owin^ to the
Sinking of the Koad Bed
was surgeon of Carver Hospital,
Washington, D. C, and in the bitter
Presidential fight in 1S76 he was sent
to Florida as the personal representa
tive of Samuel J. Tilden to superin
tend the counting of the vote in that
State.
TRACK SETTLES
INTO THE LAKE
Former Consul Passes Away.
WILLIAMSPORT. Pa., Jan. 17. —
Dr. P. F. Hyatt, who was United States
Consul at Santiago de Cuba for five
years prior to the outbreak of the
Spanish-American War, died at his
home in Jersey Shore to-night, aged
68. During the Civil War Dr. Hyatt
About four years ago his wife died
and he never fully recovered from the
shock of her death. Dr. Mooar leaves
four daughters, two of whom reside
in Alameda County. They are Mrs.
Edson D. Hale, wife of the Rev. Ed-
Fon D. Hale of Haywards, and Mrs. M.
C. Noyes of this city. Arrangements
for the funeral have not yet been
made.
. The. itev. £eorge Mooar was born in
Andover, Mass., aii<l came to Califor
rJa in the early '50's. In I860 he ac
ctpted a call to the pastorate of the
First Congregational Church and was
installed at the organization of the
church, then located on Broadway, be
tween Fourth and Fifth streets. Dr.
Mooar held the pastorate for eleven
years, resigning in IS 72 to accept a
professorship in the Pacific Theo
logical Seminary.
In addition to his work at the semi
nary. Dr. Mooar was pastor of
the Plymouth-avenue Congregational
Church for eight years, after which he
gave up active work in the ministry
and devoted himself entirely to his
work at the seminary, which he con
tinued up to a few months before his
death.
OAKLAND, Jan. . 17. — The Rev.
George Mooar, a member of the fac
ulty of the Pacific Theological Semi
nary and former pastor of the First
Congregational and Plymouth-avenue
Congregational churches of this city,
died this afternoon at his residence.
4iO Edwards street, at the age of 73
years.i Deceased had been ill for sev
eral weeks and his death was not un
expected.
nmn of Oakland, Pas«es Away.
Rev. Gcorjrc Mooar, a Pioneer Clenry-
MIMSTER'S LIFE WORK EXDS.
admirals and 55 rear admirals. The captains' list is to
be increased by eight each year for 1903, 1904, and 1905
and by seven in 1906 and l»07, wl n it will have reached
253; and the commanders' list is likewise to be raised to
373 by a yearly increase of nine.
During 1903, thirty-five vessels were launched for the
British navy, with a collective displacement tonnage of
148,764 tons, 300,100 horsepower and representing a
cost when completed of $61,160 000. During 1902 only
fifteen vessels were launched, of 92.054 tons, 185,000
horsepower and finished cost of $34,059,000. For 1901
the total was 32 ships of 209,100 tons and aggregate
value of about $80,000,000. Private yards launched 31
vessels of 120,456 tons and 277,300 horsepower, repre
senting a value of $47,240,000 in 1903, leaving 4 ships
of 27.290 tons, 22,800 horsepower and completed value of
$13,920,000 to the dockyards.
Six cannon have mysteriously disappeared from the
grounds of the Rotunda on Woolwich Common and a
vigorous search of the police and military authorities has
failed to locate the stolen ordnance. The cannon were
of rare historical interest, the oldest being a faucon of
1661. of 2. 75-inch caliber, the others of-rvarylng dates, up
to 1776. It is surmised that the guns were stolen during
two successive nights; the theft was ridiculously easy, ad
hundreds of guns are left lying about the grounds far
from the patrol of the pickets. .and the i guns selected
were lightand could easily be carried by two men. They
were probably stolen orj-accounj. of -the bronze metal.
The German navy, estimates>ror 1904 vprovide'for an
increase of the personnel as follows: One vice admiral, 1
rear admiral, 3 captains, 14 commanders, 21 lieutenant
commanders, 15 lieutenants, 26 junior lieutenants and
59 midshipmen. The ensign list is reduced by 65, and the
increase of staff officers is 17 engineers and" 11 surgeons.
Warrant officers are increased by 117, petty officers 44
and men 1600. The German method of creating a navy
is intelligent and systematic. The programme of 1898
is followed out, ships are built within th6 designated
time and while the ships are under construction provision
is made for their officers and crew. Advances are made
with the requirements of a modern navy in the education
and status of the personnel, but no sudden, radical and
doubtful experiments are made. Individual desires of
officers at the expense and detriment of others are not
recognized; they are all — officers and men — constituent
parts of a great unit, the fighting navy, of Germany. A
great responsibility rests with our .Congress for having
neglected in the past to provide the requisite personnel
without which the ships are of no value. Its inaction in
this regard gives strength to the growing belief that the
building of ships without providing a personnel to officer
and man them has been rather for the purpose of keep
ing shipyards, and armor factories busy than creating a
national navy.-
There was a good production at the
Grand Opera-house yesterday after
noon and evening. "One- Night In June"
proved highly satisfactory to the audi
ence and encores were frequent. A
goodly crowd is assured for the bal
ance of the week.
•Much comedy intermingles itself with
the plot of the play and several new
features are introduced. All of the
songsters were worth the listening and
the actins was first class.
The play is well written and well act
ed. The characters are not overdone
except in the third act, and even tht
one lurid, impossible scene that is por
trayed is well acted. Guy Durrell in
the leading role played that part In un
usually good form, but the real star of
the cast is little Gussie Shires. Her act
ing was marvelous for a child of her
age. and it was she who won the
plaudits of the audience during every
act of the play.
The remainder of the company was in
keeping with the leading characters.
Mary K. Tajior in the role > of the
wronged wife acted her difficult part
with intense feeling. Robert Curtis and
Claire Grenville, the plotters, made a
strong pair of villains and caused the
gallery gods to emit showers of hisses
while they planned and executed their
treacherous work. Tony Asher as the
French butler and Dessie Ryan, who
plays the part of the cook, did the
comedy work in a clever manner. The
choir boy rendered one song during the
wedding scene that immediately took
with the audience.
Melodrama was inaugurated at the
California Theater last night, when
'"The Fatal Wedding" made its entry.
For a show of its kind and one with
such a suggestive title "The Fatal Wed
ding" was indeed a surprise, for instead
of being full of leaps for life and duels
to the death it contained numerous
touching and pathetic scenes, such as
bring tears to the eyes of the tender
hearted and lea vs. their effect even on
the blase. .**"¦'*.,
Stanley and Wilson do so well with
their musical comedy sketch, "Before
the Ball,' that the masculine half of
the team is compelled to speak his
thanks. Miss Wilson sings "Anona"
with a swing and vocal strength that
even Mabel McKinley did not equal,
although the favorite niece of the late
President may have displayed more
artistry in her execution.
White and Simmons present another
antiquated negro absurdity that keeps
the house in a roar. Howard Thurs
ton's stagey legerdemain does not seem
to lose favor with repetition. Wallno
and Marinette continue to illustrate
the poetry of motion, and Juggler Asra
and the biograph round out the attrac
tive bill. ; ,
The proclaimed headliners are a
group of acrobats programmed as the
Stein Eretto family, and their specialty
is hand-jumping. .They do things of
that kind so much better than any pre
ceding performers of their class as to
make their work almost original and
entirely interesting. The "kid" of the
family, a 5-year-old, is the cleverest lit
tle chap that ever stunted on the Or
pheun> stage.
Irving Jones, a colored gentleman
who writes his own songs, unrolls a
budget of his latest melodies and keeps
his hearers in excellent humor. His
singing of "St. Patrick's Day is a Bad
Day for Coons" would provoke guffaws
from a misanthrope.
Kelly and Violette are not given
headline prominence on the new Or
pheum bill, but they were received In a
way yesterday afternoon that clearly
proved them first in the favoritism of
the audience. The fact y that they are
San Francisco products may have had
something to do with the heartiness of
the greeting and the loudness of the re
call that rewarded their every song, but
with local predilection removed they
would have "made good" just the same.
Kelly's big. fresh barytone voice draws
the plaudits and the money everywhere
In the country. Violette cannot sing
and, strange to relate, she seems to bo
aware of that fact and to act accord
ingly. Her personal graces make up
for what she lacks in vocal charms.
She pleases the eye, while her partner
appeals to the ear, so the combination
is harmonious. Y?,~.
"The Fatal Wedding" Scores a
Hit-"0nc Night in June"
Wins Approval at the Grand
The Secretary of the Navy Indorses Senator Frye's bill
which favors the employment of American vessels for
public purposes. Under the present law of 1846, trans
portation of naval supplies must be furnished by contract
by the lowest bidder, and as a consequence this business
has practically fallen entirely into the hands of foreign
ship owners. During the past fiscal year 3930 tons of
stores were shipped to foreign ports for use of United
States naval- vessels, of which 2179 tons were carried by
English bottoms. 1301 tons by Germans, 373 tons in
American vessels and 77 tons in French bottoms. Of
54.373 tons of coal shipped to Cavite and Yokohama,
49,373 tons were carried by English vessels and 5000 tons
by vessels under the German flag. There are seventeen
American steamers of 145.512 tons on the Pacific Coast,
all of which are suitable for transportation purposes and
to which preference should be given even if the cost
is slightly increased.
Three officers of the United States navy — Lieutenant
Commander W. S. Sims, Surgeon H. G. Beyer and Civil
Engineer R. E. Peary — have returned from England,
where they were sent to inspect the system of shore bar
racks in the Royal navy. They found the disciplinary
methods much less severe in the British than in the
American navy, and Rear Admiral H. C. Taylor, chief of
the Bureau of Navigation, realizes that our methods are
conducive to dissatisfaction among and desertion by
enlisted men. In the British navy, if a man returns to
his station fn a quiet manner, but half seas over, he is
taken care of by an orderly and put in his bunk. If he
turns out in the morning able to perform his duty he
receives no punishment whatever. If he returns to his
station after hours and is still orderly his only punish
ment is that of being obliged to sleep on a bench at the
gatehouse. British officers make due allowance for the
frailty of intoxication, being convinced that it cannot
be stopped. In the American navy the regulations of
1900 limits the punishment for drunkenness to confine
ment for six months, but as a rule it consists of confine
ment for a short time, reduction in class and deprivation
of liberty. In the Royal navy overstaying of liberty is
no longer punished by restriction of liberty, and forfeit
ure of pay is now the penalty. In our navy the offender
may be punished by confinement for six months and dis
honorable discharge. Rear Admiral Taylor is studying
the problem and will no doubt recommend the abolition
of restricted liberty, which drives more men out of the
navy than all other causes objectionable to the enlisted
personnel.
Of ten candidates examined for appointment as as
sistant civil service engineers iri^the United States navy,
only two were found professionally and physically qual
ified. Of twenty-five applicants for commissions as
second lieutenants in the Marine Corps, nine were found
physically disqualified.
The Commonwealth of Australia agreed on August 28
last year to contribute $968,050 to the British navy
toward maintaining the auxiliary squadron in Federal
waters, and the Treasurer of the six Australian States
has forwarded the first annual payment, toward which
New South Wales contributed $438,425, Victoria $212,000.
Queensland $90,490, South Australia 5114,460, Western
Australia 567,320 and Tasmania $55,255.
The ajrnored cruiser Suffolk. 9S00 tons, 22,000 horse
power and calculated speed of 23 knots, was launched
January 14, 1903, and made her speed trials last month
with marked success. The eight hours' full^power de
veloped 22.645 horsepower and 24.7 knots with 139.3 rev
olutions and a conl co:isumption of 2.2 pounds per unit
of horsepower. The speed wat taken by log and is
therefore not to be considered as\iccurate as a measured
mile distance, but the Suffolk is unquestionably the fastest
of the ten ships of that class built and tried since 1902.
The recent speed and power trials of the British arm
ored cruiser Cumberland, of 9800 tons, furnishes some
interesting data showing the increase of power and con
sequent additional coal consumption required to raise
the speed. The ships under one-fifth power developed
4 913 horsepower, giving a speed of 15,241 knots on a coal
consumption* of 110 tons for 24 hours. With eight
elevenths power the horsepower was 1C452, speed 22, 13S
knots and coal to ihe amount of 350 tons .per 24 hours
was consumed. Th«» eight- hours' full power trial, gave
22,769 horsepower. 23.7 knots' speed and the coal con
sumption rose to 490 tons per 24 noun?. It Will be noted
that in order to increase the speed by a little over 50
per cer.t required a coal consumption of over 400 per cent
greater. As the Syren a.-d Shipping states it, "'it is the
last, and not the first, knot which costs, and it is small
wonder that the speed problems which the Cunard Com
pany have to face in their projected high-speed leviathans
are causing much study and very considerable anxiety.
The British Admiralty has revised the regulations for
the retirement of officers, by an order issued December 13
last vear, but which is retroactive and went into effect
from* July 1, 1903. Admirals of the fleets must retire on
attaining the age of 70; admirals^ and vice admirals at
€5; rear admirals at 60; captains at 55; commanders at
50 and lieutenants at 45 years of age. Continuous shore
service is limited to five years, except in the departments
of the admiralty, where seven years are allowed. Com
pulsory retirement is required from admirals and vice
admirals who have not hoisted their flags for five years
and rear admirals must retire after a lapse of three and
one-half years' inactivity. Captains, commanders and
lieutenants to retire after the three years' period since
last at sea has elapsed. A gradual increase of flag rank
officers is provided for to be completed by 1907, when
there will be 3 admirals of the fleet, 12 admirals, 22 vice
FINE PLAY AT CALIFORNIA
That Supplies for Our Navy Be
Carried on Yankee Ships.
Indorses Senator Frye's Bill Providing
Kelly and Violette Receive Big
Greeting From Their Admir
ing Former Townspeople
DEATH'S HAND
IS LAID UPON
CHARLES DOE
J. S. Doe died many years ago. and
the firm was then reorganized under
the name of C. F. Doe & Co. C. F. Doe
was made president and his brother,
Bartlett Doe, retained an interest.
Frank P. Doe, a nephew, was also
taken into the firm with his two uncles.
The company did a thriving business
in its lir.e and was one of the leading
lumber dealing and door and sash man
ufacturing concerns in the State.
Charles F. Doe was also interested in
ether pursuits, and at the time of his
death was president of the California
Door Company. He also had extensive
lumber and land interests all over the
State and owned valuable property in
this city. He was a part owner of the
Et. Nicholas Hotel property, at the
junction of Hayes and Liarket streets.
C. F. Doe never married. He always
led a Quiet life and did not mingle with
the social set or« take active part in
politics or fraternal affairs. He was
known as a man of shrewd business in
telligence and frugal habits.
The deceased is survived by several
nieces and nephews, who are scattered
all over the United States. His fortune
is estimated to be worth between 52,-
O00.OQ0 and $3,000,000, which in all proba
bility will go to his nieces and nephews.
His nephew, Frank P. Doe, was averse
to discussing the financial affairs of his
late uncle, but it is understood that the
dead man left a will and that all his
holdings and securities axe amply pro
tected against any possible lawsuits
that might arise.
The remains will probably be in
terred in this city, though no arrange
ments have as yet. been made for the
funeral. The Coroner's office was noti
fied of the death of Mr. Doe. but the
body was allowed to remain at the late
residence of the deceased.
Charles F. Doe was born in Parson
ville, ile« in 1S33. of poor parents. He
came to California to seek his fortune
and engaped in the lumber business
with his brother. Bartlett J. Doe. who
survives him. The firm was incorpo
rated under the name of B. J. & J. S.
Doe, and did a thriving business for
many years.
Mr. Doe was in fairly good health up
to the hour of his death, and illness had
never interfered with the performance
of his duties in his office for the last
twelve years. He had arisen a few
minutes before his lifeless body was
discovered and taken his morning bath,
lie must have been stricken as he en
tered his room preparatory to dressing
himself, and evidently expired without
a Ftrujrsle.
Charles F. Doe, millionaire lumber
man and one of the city's best known
pioneer residents, was found dead
Ehortly before S o'clock yesterday morn
ing in a bedroom at his residence, 2000
Laguna street. Heart failure, a malady
from which the deceased had suffered
lor years, was the cause of his sudden
demise.
ANOTHER GOOD
ORPHEUM BILL
MOODY DESIRES TO PROMOTE INTERESTS
OF THE AMERICAN MERCHANT MARINE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY IS. 190 4.
3
; ' ADVERTISEMENTS. .
i ?¦
I. I Boom 217 Crossley Building I I
I '..'.* Corner Mission and New Montgomery Streets |
O —^^-^— —^— — —^—^— .^^_J vK
i; . fci — — —^— i^— — — — i " — .—i i.— — .^—j . — —^—^— I M
o — ' - • .. - ~ .'.•- . ¦ . . . ,. . I c»
0; -?¦¦ :¦¦¦ ¦ ¦-•- ~~~ ¦ " "¦ " ~~"" . ~ ~~ %
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Open Sores
can be cleaned out, the suppura-
tion stopped, and a cure effected
by the use of
Only morbid matter is destroyed
by this marvelous germicide, which
allows Nature to build up healthy
tissue.
Absolutely harmless.
Used and indorsed by loading
physicians everywhere.
When not at your druggist's, sent
prepaid on receipt of postal note
for 23 cents for trial bottle.
Tbocnsis*
neuter* «a \J 6 OisZZli tArAJuJ**** 3
Cil.O Prince Street. New York.
rnrE-Trimi. Bo»kli — H»w to Treat BImwi.
Don't you know Schilling's
**» bakir.f.p0*&r cpices
ccStx f a»orm j extracts vs&x
are moncyback? All at your
grocer's.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Suits to Measure for $ 10
Visit our tailoring department and look over our swell ;
patterns. Either pick out a piece of goods costing the same
price as you generally pay or select a material at about one-
third lower in price.
"If you get a suit at the same price you have always
paid you will get garments that will outwear any other suit
you ever had at the price. If you select a suit costing one- I
third less than you customarily pay you will find that it will
wear as well as your other suits, for which you paid higher
prices. j
I We make suits to order for as low as it is safe for cus-
tomers to buy, up to as much as most men care to pay. i
We make an all-wool suit to order for $10.00 and guar- '
antee it to give satisfaction. Are you interested? '
Suits satisfactorily made for out-of-town customers \
through our self-measuring system — write for blank
and samples. ,
740 Market Street and \
Corner Powell and Eddy StreetsWoman Badly Burned.
Alice Sanger. who rooms at 309 Third
street, was severely burned yesterday
morning and suffered injuries that may
result fatally. The woman accidentally
overturned a lighted candle and the
flame communicated to her clothing. In
a few moments her body was wrapped
In flames. After the blaze had been ex
tinguished she was taken to the Cen
tral Emergency Hospital and later re
moved to the City and County Hos
pital.
Ilsrancd Prisoner Recaptured.
OAKLAND. Jan. 17.— John Ryan,
who escaped last May from the cus
tody of John Wilds, Janitor at the City
Hall, was arrested to-night by Patrol
man Sherry. Ryan had been serving
a three days' sentence for drunkenness
find was in the •"broom brigade" at the
hrtll when h« slipped away.
Too Much Liquor.
Margaret Smith entered a dwelling
house at. 351 Tehama street yesterday
and attempted to Jump from a second
story window. She was restrained by
the occupants of the "house and an am-"
bulance summoned. At the Receiving
Hospital her case was diagnosed as de
lirium tremens.
ried hour a week to it. What time du
you give to your earthly affairs? Can
religion impede a man in his progress?
It is acknowledged that the greatest
and" the best successes in this world
never came without the influence of re
ligion. The best thing a man has is
his trust in God.
"He is the best citizen who loves his
religion tenderly and honestly. If the
proof be needed of a' man's patriotism,
oC a man's willingness to sacrifice^ for
the land he loves, his country, the man
you will find . most willingly to take up
the work is he who loves his God. •
"One ' of the greatest ' schools, one ; of
the grandest churches is the home. The
best priest is the mother. If the hand
of; God; rests there, the boy and , the
girl have the blessing which will start
them arieht."
The following named have been in
stalled as the officers of the Portuguese
Benevolent and Protective Association
of this city for the current term by
Dr. J. P. Martius in the absence of
Manuel F. M. Trigueiro. the retiring
president: " A. T. Bettencourt, presi
dent; J. C. Moraes, vice president: J.
J. de Frietas, corresponding secretary;
F. C. Saraiva. financial secretary; Jose
Baptista. treasurer; A. S. Martinho,
deacon; A. M. Carvalho, master of cer
emonies; J. J. de Silva. conductor;
Manuel R. Mendes, inside guardian;
Frank Sousa. outside guardian. After
the installation a first-class supper was
served in the banquet hail. There were
many enthusiastic speeches by the
retiring and the new officers and by
Mr. Bettencourt da Caroara. a well
known Portuguese author and journal
ist, and Messrs. Rafael and Trigueiro.
Portuguese Beuevolciits.
OAKLAND. Jan. 17.— The funeral
of Mrs. lliiry J. Thompson, mother of
Mrs. F. M. Smith, was held this after
noon at 2 o'clock from Arbor Villa,
the Hmith residence, in East Oakland.
The Rev. Charles R.. Brown, pastor of
tlie First Congregational Church, and
the Rev. J. K. McLean officiated. The
tx>dy was incinerated at the Oakland
Crematory.
I'uncml From Arbor Villa.
George Hanson, a cook living at 508
Twentieth street, and some friends,
among them "VW Pearson, went into- the
chop house of N. Tsouvas at 1193 Mar
ket - street early yesterday morning
and had a dispute with' the proprietor
about paying for the meals and drinks.
A general fight followed and Tsouvas
beat Hanson on the head with a club.
His brother. G. Tsouvas, grabbed hold
of a revolver and fired a shot at Pear
son, the bullet striking: him over the
heart, but only inflicting a flesh wound.
Policeman Nightingale heard the shot
and ran to the chop house. He arrested
N. Tsouvas on a charge of assault with
a deadly weapon and booked him at the
City jPrisonl G. Tsouvas had disap
peared. Hanson was sent to the Cen
tral Emergency" Hospital, where ; four
wounds on: his scalp and forehead were
stitched and dressed; ; Pearson's wound
was also attended to. ¦
X. Tsouvas Proprietor of Chop- House,
Wields n Club and His Brother
Uses a Revolver.
DISPUTE ABOUT MEALS
LEADS TO FREE FIGHT
Alameda County.
Marie C. Benoit (wife of T.) to Collma John
Krlemler. lot on NW corner of Curtis ami
Twenty-first streets. \V ICO by N ZO. lot 11.
block I. .Curtis * Williams' Tract. Oakland;
* Patrick J. and Mary E. Keller to W. H. Lee.
lot on W corner of Rose avenue and Pearl o?
Fairmount avenue. th«nce NW 101. 12.' S 10O to
rear line of lot 1". SE along r»»r line of lots
17 IS and 1!) «° Intersection wltii NW line of
Pe'arl street or Fairmount avenue, thence 100.04
to beginning, being all of lota 1$ and 19 and
SIC 20 feex of iot 17. map Keller's Rose Park,
John Jennings (single) to Cathrine JennlngJ
M ; ne i, , let on-S line of West Twelfth street.
15« K of Center. EMbyN HO. portion of lot
32. mar of Center-street Home Lots at Oakland
Point Oakland; ?1O.
Same to fame, lot on S line of West Tenth
utreet 117 E of Center. E "« by S 12t». portion
of 'lot 22. b'rek 532, map of El?h h-»treet Tract,
Theo-lor* and Lena Williams to Harry Ert
war !:- SchweJtk and Kred Bornhauser. lot on
¦v line of Honton avenue. 2S«l W of Tenth
rt reet W W> by N Ui>. lot «. block E. KUnker
ville Tract. Oakland Towrshlp; $ll>.
i j S. and Josephine, Burpee to Virginia P.
MacCabe "re-record !W7 D. -H of lot on SE
line of Howe sti»ft. 217:3 NK of Moss avenue.
NE -M> by SE 12*. lot 27 ami part of lot 2K,
block A. maps of Thermal Htlt. formerly Howo
Tract Oakland: $lt>.
Judson M. *ml Lculso S. Davlsi to Sarah
Quayle (wife ««f Thoma«>. lot on B line «.f
Proadwav l«2 £ of Twenty-second street. 3
50. E 180.N 51:SJa. W lW:H>Ti. Oakland: *ltX
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
LONDON, Jan. 17.— The Madrid cor
respondent of the Standard says that
•Jlonsijrnor Nozaleda, who was recently
appointed Archbishop of Valencia, is
suing several Madrid newspapers for
libel.. The correspondent adds that It
is an open secret that the Vatican ad
vised . Monsignor Nozaleda to decline
the .Archbishopric. He is expected to
do so after the Government has de
fended him in the Cortes.
Xozaleda Suing for Libel.
VIENNA, Jan. 17.— During the pre
sentation of the general circle at the
court ball last evening Emperor Fran
cis Joseph said to Kmbassador Storer:
"I think that affairs are going to be
better in the Far East. Everything
will be arranged."
The Emperor spoke in a similarly
hopeful strain to other members of the
diplomatic corps.
FRx\XCIS JOSEPH HOPEFUL.
OAKLAND, Jan. 17.— Councilman A.
II. Elliott will deliver an address on the
JE&rb&se question before the Women's
Civic Improvement Club to-morrow
cfternoon at the Chat>ot Observatory
Hall. The meeting: wil! take place at
3:20 o'clock, and all those interested in
the question of the disposal of the
garbage of this city are invited to at
tend.
Will I>i«-euss Garbage Question.
Sunday. January IT.
Stmr Brunswick. Eliefsen. 14 houra from
Fort Brags.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
" ABERDEEN — Sailed Jan 1" — Stmr Centratia.
for San Pedro; achr A. J. West, for Santa
Rosalia.
SEATTLE— Arrived Jan 17— Stmr Bertha,
from Junrau.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
The baby bear that was a marvel at
birth for its tiny size, died at the
OJolden Gate Park Saturday night. The
little animal came into the world a
mite that a man could hold in his hand,
and tales of its advent were told bread
cast.
Little Rear Dies.
OAKLAND, Jan. 17.— Dirigo Company
No. 57. Uniform Rank Knights of
Pythias, win give a social dance and
reunion of members at Pythian Castle,
r.TT Twelfth street, on Wednesday even
iiig, January The affair is in charge
of thr> following committee of arrange
ments: Sergeant Mortimer H. Weed,
Sergeant M. Bock, Sergeant Charles H.
Alien and F. B. Larmer.
Dirigo Company's Reunion.
The members of Branch 8, United
National Association of Postofflce
Clerks, held their annual meeting in
the Alcazar building yesterday after
noon. Great interest was shown in the
annual election of officers, which re
sulted as follows: President, J. E.
Power; vice presidents— Daniel E.
Sawyer, A. Liebseher and J. J. Mc-
Naughton; recording secretary, A. S. J.
Woods; financial secretary, George P.
Feely; treasurer, J. H. Donohoe; ser
geant at arms. Warren King; execu
itve committee— Joseph Rudee, Alex
ander Imbrie and R. L. Apple.
Th** regular business of the meeting
was followed by a smoker, which con
tinued until a late hour in the after
noon. Among the interesting features
of the entertainment were solos by
Robert Saxe, David Burson, Daniel B.
Dwyer and Samuel Warren.
The organization has already made
arrangements for its annbal ball, to be
held in Native Sons' Hall on the even
ing of January 30.
Annual Meeting of Local Branch of
National Organization Is Fol
lowed by Smoker.
MAIL CLERKS ELECT XEW
OFFICERS AND ENTERTAIN*
ST. PAUL, Miss., Jan. 17.— The Pio
neer Press to-morrow will print an
interview with ex-Congressman Joel
Heathwole, in which he points out that
the Minnesota. Republicans are In
something of a quandary regarding the
method to be pursued in the selection
of delegates from Congressional dis
tricts to the National Republican Con
vention. The call for the convention
issued yesterday by Chairman Hanna
provides that delegates from Con
gressional districts shall be chosen In
district conventions, in the same man
ner that nominations for Congressmen
are made. Minnesota Congressmen are
nominated at primarv elections and
there is no provision under this law for
the holding of party conventions.
Primary Lnw Is Annoying Obstacle to
Selection of Republican Delegates.
lUTNNESOTANS ARE PUZZLE2X
In his paper before the club and in
the comments with which he followed
it Dr. Briggs was understood by mem
bers of the club to say, among other
things, that apostolic succession hung:
on a single historic thread; that in
point of universality the church of
Rome had almost the only claim
worth considering; that the Pope of
Rome was right in the main when he
asserted that Anglican .orders were
invalid from the Roman point of
view.
NEW YORK, Jan. 17. — Rev. Charles
A. Briggs of the Cathedral of St. John
the Divine, and Professor in the Union
Theological Seminary, has started an
other controversy. The president of
the Church Club of New York, George
McCollough Miller, has called the at
tention of Bishop Potter to a paper
which Dr. Briggs read recently before
the club and Bishop Potter has asked
Dr. Briggs for a copy of the paper for
examination.
llecent Utterances on Issue of Apos
tolic Succession Starts a New
Controversy.
REV. DR. BRIGGS SETS
ECCLESIASTICS AGOG
There are nine Trustees, and Coffey's
friends count on the votes of Trus
tees Black, Popert, McEwen and Cal
lahan and also Carrigher, although
the latter has not yet expressed his
choice. Sullivan's friends expect the
votes of Trustees Ing, Tebbets, Farley
and Elkus to ! reject the Mayor's ap
pointment and keep Sullivan in. But
in order to accomplish this, result, the
friends of Sullivan require another
vote, and a story is afloat to-night
that $3C00 was offered for the vote of
Popert or Blacki Popert could not be
seen to-night. Black said he had heard
the story of attempted bribery, but
denied its truth.
Matt Coffev, Mayor Hassett's ap
pointeee for Chief of Police, declared
to-night in an interview that he had
the authority of City Trustee James
Popert for the statement that Popert.
through a brother of the latter, had
been offered $3000 for Trustee Poperfs
vote to retain Sullivan in the office
of Chief of Police. Coffey said Popert
did not tell him who the party was who
offered him the bribe in this manner.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 17.— The fight
for the position of Chief of Police has
reached an acute stage and stories of
attempted bribery are rife on the
streets to-night. Mayor Hassett has
named Matt Coffev for Chief to suc
ceed the incumbent, John E. Sullivan,
and the Trustees to-morrow night will
determine by their votes whether they
shall confirm or reject Coffey's ap
pointment.
Special Dispatch to The Call
ating about 170 engines on this divi
sion, and, as all of these are repaired
at the West Oaklartd shops, more ac
commodations are absolutely neces
sary. - - * >;
The plans for the new equipment
call for two new roundhouses, but only
one will be immediately constructed.
The turntable and pit for this are al
ready completed and the work on the
frame of the roundhouse will be com
menced s».s soon as the wet weather is
over.
Southern Pacific Company Builds Xew
Turntable and WV" Soon Erect
Another Roundhouse.
OAKLAND. Jan. 17. — The Southern
Pacific Company is steadily increasing
the capacity of its plant at West Oak
land in order to meet the increased
business. The company is now oper-
TO INCREASE FACILITIES
AT WEST OAKLAND YARDS
Sensational Stories Circulated
in Sacramento Regarding the
Appointment of Police Chief
RUMOR TELLS
OF BRIBE COIN
OAKLAND, Jan. 17.— J. D. Dally
and William G. Bond have been ar
rested on complaint of John D. Mont
gomery and charged with embezzle
ment. The men were partners in a
scale repairing sho.* on Third street.
According lo Montgomery his partners
took advantage of his absence one day
and sold the contents of the shop to
a. Junk peddler. Among the stuff was
h set of scales owned by Thomas \V.
Corder, sent to the shop to be repaired
«nd valued at $45. Montgomery said
he was responsible for the scales and
has therefore caused the arrest of
two-thirds of the firm, which has been
dissolved. Dally and Bond say they
will tell their troubles in court.
.John D. Montsomery Cliarses His
Former Partners With the Em
bezzlement of Set of Scales.
TWO-THIRDS OF A REPAIR
FIRM LAND IX JAIL
Raabe was arrested last Wednesday
night in a saloon at Sixteenth and
Canp streets by Detectives Fitzgerald
and Graham and Policeman M.
Oooney. He is a son of Fred Raabe,
the -well-known politician, who at. the
present, time holds a political position
in Sacramento. The police say that
the boy has never been in serious
trouble before. His two companions
are known and their arrest is only a
question o? time.
Cerf was on his way home about 9
o'clock and at Post and Franklin
streets three youths surrounded him
and ordered him to throw up his hands.
One had a revolver. This one Cerf
identified as Raabe. Cerf was told to
hand out his money and he gave up
60 cents. One of the young footpads
threw back Cerf's coat and relieved
him of his watch arid chain and a $5
gold piece. Just then a man came
along and Cerf was told not to make
an outcry or his head would be blown
off. After the man had passed them
Cerf was allowed to go.
About an hour after the Cerf hold
up Frank Heissner, who was on his
way to call upon his mother-in-law at
375 Fell street, was held up by three
youths at Octavia and Fell streets.-
They at first asked him for a match,
and then told him they were not after
match, but money. They took $3 in
silver from him, and one, who held a
revolver, threatened to blow his head
off if he did not keep quiet. As they
were leaving him the one with the re
volver struck him on the head with
the butt end of the weapon, knocking
him down. He had a look at Raabe in
the prison yesterday, but although he
said Raabe answered the description of
the one with the revolver he would, not
positively identify him.
Fred Raabe, 19 years of age, was
positively identified at the City Prison
yesterday afternoon by Eugene C.
Cerf of 1155 Octavla street as one of
three' youths • who' held' him up and
robbed him at 'Post and Franklin
streets on Sunday night, January 10.
Cerf promptly picked Raabe out from
four other boys about his own age.
Raabe's mouth twitched and he nearly
collapsed. He was booked on a charge
of robbery.
The Rev. Mr. Pearse will speak at
Grace M. E. Church to-night on "Some
Old Folks at Home."
Werj I to EUffer as some I have seen I would
myself have a tense of wrath, of indignation;
I would grow bitter against the world. That
volcano will burpt unless the churches change
the conditions. Socialism, as it is mostly un
derstood, is hatred begotten of wrath. Social
ism means what is thine Is mine, but Social
ism too pa># what is mine is thine. Ah, that
is the socialism we want In the world — un
selfishness. But the great revival Is coming
that Ehall transform the social conditions in
which men ehall live.
I would thct the millionaire*, the rich roen
of our church, would endow their daughters
with enouch money to carry on the work of
the Sisters of the People. In that respect we
m'frht well follow the example of our friends
of the Roman Catholic church. I do not mean
the practice of celibacy, but that the young
daughters of the wealthy might give up their
time to the philanthropic work, the assistance
and attendance on the poor and the elek.
I should say. were I the working: man, if
you want me in church, why not want me as
do- s the public house? I say to you that there
Is no church half so sacred as the poor man
and poor woman and the poor child that walk
this ea-th of O'lr God.
Think of three families huddled together in
on* room. Now. It is for the church to come
to the aid of such people. It is not riftht
that the door of the church should be closed
from Sunday till Sunday. Follow a man down
from Ms on* room. Where is he to go? To
the public hous*. because it in the natural re
sort for him. Then, let the church make it so
inviting, >o wtrrn, so attractive that he may
be woa to it.
I will addres* you to-night on "Christian
Socialism." What does London mean with
its population of 6,500,000 people? My friends.
London. Chicaeo and New York are built on
volear.og. and when they burst the remote
places will not escape. In London people are
living In places that were it our lot we should
not think life worth living. I frankly confess
that I would not. Oh, you happy people in
California, you do not know what poverty
m^ans.
A story of London and its overcrowd
ing, its immense population of six and
a half millions of souls, and what is be
ing done by the London Mission to al
leviate the suffering among the poor,
was discussed last night by the Rev.
Mark Guy Pearse at Grace M. E.
Church, Twenty-flrst and Capp streets.
The Rev. Mr. Pearse said in part:
Fred Raabc Is Positively Iden
tified by Eugene C. Cerf as
One of Trio of Footpads
Rev. Mark Guy Pearse Pictures
Deplorable Condition of Des
titute in British Metropolis
BOY ACCUSED
OF ROBBERY
"If, and" it 'is if. religion is what we
say It is. the best thing in the . world,
if It is that., is, it not a pity -you 'could
not give a little more time than a hur-
"The churches as a rule cannot do as
much as probably we expect they
should do. The church sees you but lit
tle. You go on Sunday morning and
hear the beautiful music and the words
of the minister and .you pass out of the
doors and are little seen until the:next
Sunday. •
"Year by year, boys and girls are
growing up, magnificent specimens of
intellectual and physical development.
Our girls, good, pure, trustful, truthful
and beautiful. But how much better
would be that development if as much
were given to the spiritual side as to
the physical and the intellectual. Give
the spiritual side its just place. We
can respect. all forms of. religion.. Man
should worship God as he pleases. It
makes no difference what is that belief.
"Man is composed of three distinct ele
ments, the physical, the intellectual and
the moral. We pay attention to the de
velopment of the physical, and rightly
That which has be_en given to us should
be developed. Our athletic clubs flour
ish and so they should prosper. Let
us be clean muscled and strong of
sinew. So in the intellectual growth.
But we are not fully formed unless in
our hearts there is a love and respect
for our religion, no matter what it Is.
"You must have remarked in this city
a lack of reverence for God. It is here,
it is elsewhere, and it is the crying dis
ease of society. We build buildings to
last forever. We pay much attention
to our temporal concerns. We are filled
with pride over our prosperity and the
success of our people. But morality
or religion, call it what you will, must
be at the foundation.
"The cause of this disease is an apost
acy from God. It is impossible to build
up character without God. You cannot,
positively and absolutely, cannot do it.
The experience of . centuries tells U3
that. The greatest crime of the present
day is the putting away of God.
"Now what is the remedy? It cannot
be in the schools. There^ one child is
the same as- another. There one relig-*
ion is the same as another, and one i3
revered the same as another. Where
Is the boy and the girl to be taught
that love for religion that makes for
character? The school? No. The State
law rules there shall be no religion
there.
"A man's life in society is not lived
to himself or for himself. Whether he
wills it or not, he must be a factor for
good or for evil. You cannot be in
different. There must be an active co
operation, else you are an element of
positive evil. If you are interested in
unlifting all that is in your power, then
you are a positive good.
"In Oakland we have much to be
thankful for. Our city is blessed by
nature as few cities are. The adminis
tration of our laws is good. Our offi
cials who guide the city and direct -it
are honest and efficient. But we, as
citizens, are not an exception to the
one great fault of the day, our failure
to give to the religious, the spiritual
side, a proper: prominence.
"The subject of good citizenship is
one of the greatest in the world. It is
an encyclopedia, for it takes in so
much. A good citizen js the one who
loves his country and is obedient to the
law. There is a two-fold obligation in
this — one each on the part of the city
and of the citizen. The citizen must
give obedience and respect to the law
and the city must give care and pro
tection to the citizen. When this two
fold obligation is observed things go
along well. Then the balance is struck
as between them.
Thus did the Rev. Thomas Mc-
Sweeney, pastor of St. Francis de Sales
Church, declare during an address on
"Good Citizenship," delivered this aft
ernoon at the men's meeting of the
Young . Men's Christian Association.
The eloquent priest was given closest
attention, and his story, virile words
for the unbuilding of the moral side
of mankind, were heard by an audi
ence which made much approving re
sponse.
D. Edward Collins, president of the
Young Men's Christian Association, in
troduced Father McSweeney, who ex
pressed his strong approval of the asso
ciation's work, with large meed of
praise for the men who were carrying
it c-n. The clergyman said:
OAKLAND. Jan. 17.— "The lack of
reverence for God, the lack of faith, the
absence of religion in the hearts of
men— that is the crying disease of so
ciety at the present time, here in Oak
land, in this country and in the world.
The cause of this disease is apostacy
from God. It is the greatest crime of
the present day."
The Rev. Mr. Work has been the pas
tor of the First Presbyterian Church
for little more than a year. He had
occupied previously the pulpit of the
Presbyterian Church of Dayton, Ohio.
BERKELEY. Jan. 17.— The Rev. Ed
gar W. Work, pastor or the Fir3t
Presbyterian Church, has presented to
the trustees of the church his resigna
tion. It is not to take immediate ef
fect, as the minister has consented to
remain in the pulpit until the trustees
settle upon a successor to him.
The action of the Rev. Mr. Work
was not unexpected, as the illness of
his young son was known to be a bar
*o continue residence in California. He
took his son to Southern California
three weeks ago and at that time it
was rumored that he would resign.
Since then the condition of the child
has become so alarming that the fam
ily physician ordered him taken to Col
orado Springs and this hastened the
father's resignation. Fortunately for
the Rev. Mr. Work he has received and
accepted a call to the First Presbyte
rian Church of Colorado Springs," 30
that the family may take up its resi
dence, there and be equipped for caring
for the child invalid. ' -
Rev. Edgar W. Work to Leave
the First Presbyterian
Church.
After the unveiling- exercises Head
Consul F. A. P'alkenburg delivered an
oration, in the course of which he said
that the Woodmen of the World had
erected 7i00*such tokens of respect to
the memory of members of the order,
which are silent witnesses that the
Woodmen keep faith with their dead.
OAKLAND. Jan. 17. — The members
of Golden Gate Camp No. 64. Wood
men of the World, unveiled the monu
ments over the graves of Thomas F.
Manning and J. T. Jordan at St.
Mary's Cemetery this afternoon at
2:20 o'clock. In spite of the wet
weather more than a. hundred mem
bers of the order attended the cere
monies.
3I<Tijbci*« of Golden Gate Camp Hold
Impressive Ceremony at St.
Mary's Cemetery.
MOM'MKXTS UXVEILED
BY WOO DM EX OF WORLD
Rev. Thomas McSweeney De
livers Address Before
Y. M. C. A.
PRIEST WHO SPOKE BEFORE
YOUNG MEN'S CHRISTIAN
ASSOCIATION.
PASTOR OF FIRST PRESBY
TKRIAN*. CHURCH, BERKE
LEY. WHO HAS RESIGNED.
The Rev. Ernest E. Baker, pastor nf
the First Presbyterian Church,
preached this morning at Centennial
Presbyterian Church.
Beginning Tuesday evening the Rev.
Joseph H. Smith will conduct revival
services at the Twenty-fourth Avenue
Methodist Church.
St. Andrew's Episcopal Church vestry
has elected the following officers: Sen
ior warden, Robert G. Graham: junior
warden, Robert Xieholls; secretary.
William Htndell; treasurer. R. G. Gra
ham. A reception in honor of the new
rector will be held Wednesday evening
at the guild hall.
Special evening services will be held,
beginning Wednesday evening, at the
Tenth Avenue Baptist Church, the Rev.
X. E. Storey of Sacramento officiating.
The Rev. Frank Greeley of Berkeley
conducted services to-day at the Fourth
Congregational Church.
Mrs. M. N. Graves, national organizer
of the Women's Christian Temperance
Union, lectured this evening at the
Eighth Avenue Methodist Church.
"The Inspiration of the Bible" was
the subject of a discourse this evening
at the First Unitarian Church by the
Rev. George W. Stone.
Special services were held thia even
in at Lorin Hall by the Park Congre
gational Church of South Berkeley. A,
T. Sutherland directed the muslo.
Charles Hilesley, tenor of St. Francis
de Sales Church, sangr "The Holy City."
A missionary rally of the Episcopal
Sunday schools of Alameda County
was held this afternoon at St. John's
Episcopal Church. The Rev. Charles
T. Walkley, rector of St. Paul's Church,
delivered an address.
The Rev. Charles R. Brown, pastor
of the First Congregational Churcn,
has commenced a series of Sunday
evening sermon on the theme, "The
Story of an Ancient Labor Movement,"
and covering a modern exposition of
the Book of Exodus. The first topic is
"The Oppression of a* People." Fol
lowing will be sermons on "The Call of
a Deliverer." "The Insolent Refusal of
Justice," "The Moral Effect of a Series
of Public Calamities'," "Crossing the
Boundary Into New Conditions," "The
Bread of the Desert." "The Com
manding Presence of a Moral Or
der," "The Degrading Worship of a
Golden Calf," "The Demand of a Sac
rificial Life." "The Entrance Into the
Life of Promise." The discourses invite
the attention of those who are inter
ested in modern social conditions.
The Rev. Mark Guy Pearse, the em
inent English Methodist clergyman and
author, occupied the pulpit of the First
Methodist Church this morning. Dr.
Pearse will lecture Friday evening at
the Young Men's Christian Association.
The Rev. II. J. Vosburch. pastor of
the First Baptist Church, the Rev. J.
P. Currin of Golden Gate, and the Rev.
R. J. Whitaker, pastor of the Twen
ty-third Avenue Baptist Church, have
begun a simultaneous series of Sunday
evening discourses on "Youth, or the
Springtime of Life; Messages to the
Workers of the Twentieth Century."
The subjects and dates follow: January
17. "The Achievements of Youth"; Jan
uary 31. "The Dangers of Youth"; FeD
ruary 7. "The Questionings of Youth";
February 14, "The Limitations of
Youth": February 21. "The Opportuni
ties Of YOUth."' ;';*¦&'
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway. Jan. 17.
Rev. Charles R. Brown Begins
Course in Biblical History
Applied to Modern Affairs
Although more than 200 houses were
built in Fruitvale during the year 1903,
the demand is still far in excess of the
supply and many people who wish to
locate in that section are compelled to
go elsewhere because it is impossible
to secure homes. The Syndicate In
vestment Company has built a large
number of houses and cottages and has
disposed of them as fast as they were
finished. The Sather tract, which was
placed on the market Ly the company,
is practically sold out. and as soon as
the rainy season is over more than
thirty cottages and hou-es will be
erected by the owners of the lets.
Real estate dealers throughout the
entire county report a larger number
of inquiries for all kinds of property
than ever before at this time of the
year, and they are confident that fully
as much if not more bur ness will be
done in 1904 than was done during 1903.
Another Important transat.on in the
same section of the city was the sale
of the Jucson Davis property on the
corner of Twenty-second street and
Broadway. The price paid was $9000.
William H. Crocker recently pur
chased six acres of tide land between
Willow and Mulberry streets, Alameda,
from the Central California Land Com
pany. The land fronts on the tidal
canal.
FRUITVALE GROWING.
The Merrill home tract, located on
the west side of Telegraph avenue, be
tween Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth
streets, has recently been sold by Mrs.
EHz.beth Merrill of 534 Twenty-fifth
street, to A. J. Snyder. Th- tract has a
frontage of 200 feet on Telegraph ave
nucf and 500 feet on each of the cross
streets, and it is understood that the
purchase price was more th. $35,000.
The purchaser intends to divide the
tract and erect a number of modern
houses. The Merrill home, which was
built by Ralston, the mining man, is
not included in the sale.
The association is composed of the
following firms: Woodward, Watson &
Co. ; A. J. Snyder. Meads & Bell, George
W. Austin, H. B. Belden, E. P. Cook;
Holcomb, Breed & Bancroft; Wiseman.
Holcomb & Young; Laymance Real Es
tate Company, E. J. Stewart & Co.,
Taylor Bros. & Co.. M. L. Wurtz. J. S.
Naismith, Dodge & Son, Macdonald &
Co., George B. M. Gray, F. P. Lee &
Co., E. P. Vandercook & Co., W. E.
Barnard and J. Tyrrel. v •
The officers of the association, which
will meet on the first Thursday of each
month, are: F. J. Woodward, president:
John T. Bell, vice president; George W.
Austin, secretary; A. J. Snyder, treas
urer; A. H. Breed, William Laymance
and E. P. Cook, executive committee.
OFFICERS SELECTED.
For renting a piece of property, the
owner collecting all rents after the first
month, the commission will be 20 per
cent. If the agent collects the charge
for renting will be 10 per cent and the
commission for collecting rents will be
5 per cent for residence property and
-\ l i per cent for business property.
The following are the commissions
agreed upon for the sale of property:
P'or all property of the- value of $3000
or less, 5 per cent, and for all of more
than $;'.000, i% per cent. Fgr example, if
a piece of property is sold for $5000 5
per cent commission will be collected
on the first $3000 and 2'fc per cent on
the remaining $2000. The minimum
commission for any sale is $25.
In ordpr to promote harmony and to
protect their business interests, the real
estate dealers of this city have or
ganized the Oakland Real Estate Asso
ciation and have- established a uniform
scale of commissions for the sale and
renting of property, which will go into
effect at once.
Oakland Offlce San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Jan. 17.
Chris Bader, a San Francisco cabinet
maker, who lives on Washington street
in Fruitvale, was beaten by a footpad
to-night when within a few blocks of
his home because the footpad thought
that Bader was gojng to draw a re
volver. Then Bader was beaten a sec
ond time because the footpad found
that he had little money with him.
The assault took place in a very dark
portion of Fruitvale, just outside of the
city limits of Oakland on East Four
teenth street, near Twenty-seventh
avenue. Bader was on his way home
vhen a masked man stepped from be
hind a tree and ordered him to throw
up his hands. Bader had his hands m
his overcoat pockets at the time and
did not withdraw them quickly enough
to suit the highwayman, who thought
that he was going to draw a revolver.
He forestalled any act of that kind by
hitting Bader on the head with a club
and knocking him down. Then he went
through Eader's pockets and when he
found but little money he vented his
anger upon the unfortunate victim by
beating him ftill more with the club.
Bader is badly cut on the head. The
highwayman has escaped. There is no
police system in the portion of Fruit
vale where the crime occurred, it being
outside of the city limits of Oakland.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway, Jan. 17.
LONDON'S POOR
ARE DESCRIBED
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Jan. 17.
W. V. Stafford, who for ten years
has been the chairman of the general
grievance committee of division 264 of
the Order of Railway Conductors, was
to-night presented with a handsome \
silver table service by members of the
Order in recognition of the years of
hard work he has done for the order.
The presentation was a complete sur
price to Stafford. A committee from
the local division, headed by L. L.
Stevens, called upon Mr. Stafford at
his home, 914 Market street, to-night,
and Mr. Stevens presented the service
with a very neat littl speech, in which
he thanked Mr. Stafford for his earnest
and successful work for the order.
There were addresses by others, in
cluding Joe Moffitt and Charles H.
Schu.
Mr. Stafford, in his capacity as chair
man of the general grievance commit
tee, has had to handle all of the nego
tiations between the order and the
officials of the Southern Pacific Com
pany, and the long term of peace be
tween the railroad managers and the
conductors has been largely due to his
careful management and diplomacy.
The tact and ability of Mr. Stafford
has been recognized by the members
of the order, and they took this meth
od of making known their regard for
both the man and his work.
The service is very handsome, and
comprises everything in the shape of
tableware that can be made out of
silver.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Jan. 17."
The police would be glad to know
the whereabouts of Edgar Brown, erst
while Justice of -the Peace for Salmon
Falls Township, El . Dorado County,
more recently a resident of Berkeley
and still later, , to all .appearances, a
dealer in groceries at 1731. Market
street, San Francisco.
If the former Justice be located he
might explain why a browm leather
valise packed with his belongings and
one .black soft hat of stylish make
were mysteriously left 'in the rear of
1355 Webster street.
The valise was found by a gardener,
where it lay in a back yard, as if hast
ily thrown there. Detective Shorey re
covered the hat in an adjoining yard
several days ago, but no attention was
given the find. until to-day's package
was brought to light.
None of the residents in the neigh
borhood know Justice Brown, nor can
they throw any light upon the valise or
the hat. In the receptacle are a lot of
papers.. letters and the like, with ssev
eral articles of clothing. The contents
were neatly packed, as if the owner
were on a journey with them.
Examination of the documents dis
closed Justice Brown's name on a cer
tificate of election dated November 6,
1894. Other papers indicated that he
had resided in Folsom, had been fore
man of a vineyard in that locality and
had been in the grocery business in^
San Francisco. Detective Shorey has
no theories concerning the mystery, so
he has carefully laid aside, the hat and
valise, hoping that the apparent owner
will appear, claim his property and
make explanations.
TAKES THEME
FROM EXODUS
A. ¦ J. Snyder Pays $35,000 for
Block of Fine Residence Prop
erty on Telegraph Avenue
Valise. Found in a Back Yard of
a Webster Street Home and
Hat tori Adjoining Premises
Recipient Has Been Chairman
of General Grievance Commit
tee for the Last Ten Years
Criminal Twice Uses His Club,
Lays Open Scalp of His Prey
and Escapes in the Darkness
SMALL MYSTERY CREATED
GIFT COMES AS SURPRISE
ASSAULT IX FRUITVALE
MERRILL TRACT IS SOLD
Thug Holds Up Chris Bader, a
Cabinet Maker, of San Fran
cisco and Badly Injures Him
\\l V. Stafford Is Presented
• With Silver Table Service
by the Railway Conductors
Twenty Prominent Firms Or
ganize Into Real Estate Asso
ciation and Elect Officers
Eecover a Packed Grip and a
Hat, Both Belonging to Ed
gar .Brown, a Country Justice
BRUTAL ROBBER
BEATS VICTIM
ORDER SHOWS
ITS GRATITUDE
REALTY MEN
FORM COMBINE
POLICE PUZZLE
OVER HANDBAG
THE SAN FRAXXISCO CALE, MONDAY. JANUARY 13, 1904.
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
PASTOR HANDS
RESIGNATION TO
THE TRUSTEES
LACK OF FAITH
CRYING DISEASE
PRIEST ASSERTS
4
To Prevent the Grip.
Ltxttivr Itromo Quinine removes' the cause
To set tine t'nuine call tos th* rull name. 25c. •
AliAMJSDA.
1135 Park Street.
Telephone Eagle 502.
BERKELEY.
2148 Center Street.
Telephone North 77.
OAKLAND.
1118 Broadway.
Telephone Main 1063.
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTYRev. H.' H. Powell will speak at S t
Stephen's Parish house, S64 Tulton
street, -to-morrow, evening on "Israel's
Neighbors. ' from Moses to Solomon."
This is, the third of a series of five
.lectures being delivered by Mr.- Powell
on the .contemporary history of, i the
old testament as illustrated* by the
ancient monuments.
Lecture at St. Stephen's.
Gas beaters, formerly $4.30. now $3.50.
at San Francisco Gas and Electric Com
pany. 415 Post street. . •
Charles Ford and Rockwell Wallrath.
tvro ¦ young men residing in Butcher
town, were thrown from a horse yes
terday while riding the animal at Rail
road and Xlnth avenues. Wallrath sus
tained a compound fracture of the leg
and was attended by Dr. McLaughlin
of Tenth and Railroad avenues. He
was subseauently removed to his home
at Railroad and Ninth avenues.
Jjeg Is Broken.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company
will run six exclusive excursions to
Alaska, season of 1904. leavine: Seattle.
Tacoma and Victoria June T-21. July
B-I» and August 2-16.
Full information, including illustrated
descriptive literature, may be obtained
at ticket offices. 4 New Montgomery
st. (Palace Hotel) or 10 Market sL C.
D. Dunann. General Passenger Agent. •
Alaska Excursions.
Those contemplating an excursion trip
to Alaska the coming summer should at
tend the lecture to be siven by Mr. E.
Burton Holmes In Lyric Hall. 121 Eddy
street, on the evening of January 19.
Mr. Holmes illustrates his work by
many fine stereopticon views, including
a number of motion pictures.
Mrs. Mary H. Smyth. E. Hum Han
son. Mr. and Mrs. I. R, D. Grubb and
£>. Hanson Grubb left last Tuesday for
Santa Barbara.
Madame Bertha Scrftzy, the singer.
left San Francisco recently to Join her
husband. Dr. Guido Spitzy. la Los
Banos. where he has been some time
for the benefit of his health. Many of
her friends went across the bay to bid
her bon voyage.
Mr. and Mrs. E. S. Levin, formerly
Brown, have returned from their
honeymoon and will be pleased to see
their friends Sunday afternoon, Janu
ary 24, from 2 to 5 o'clock at their resi
dence, 1267 Clay street.
Miss Harriet Stevenson of Los An
geles has been a guest at the home of
Miss Imogene Epperson, 1015 Ellis
street, for the past week.
Personal*.
Mrs. Little is the mother of Miss
Carolyn Little, who has just returned
from Europe, and who promises to suc
ceed her mother as one of California's
leading sopranos.
For the Christmas services at the
First Presbyterian Church, Oakland, a
splendid programme of music had been
prepared, including a soprano solo.
"Rejoice Greatly." from Handel's "Mes
siah." Christmas,- eve the leading so
prano. Mrs. Carrie Brown Dexter, con
tracted a severe cold, which effectually
prevented her from doing any solo
work. In despair she called on Mrs.
Little, to whom the intricacies of the
well-known hymn were once child's
play, and the now white-haired singer
consented to appear before her loved
public once more. That Christmas day
will long be remembered by those who
attended the morning services at the
First Presbyterian Church.
A little nervous, perhaps, at her own
daring, the sweet voice wavered a lit
tle at first and time's scars were per
ceptible on a few lower notes. But as
she warmed to her work and the .old
surroundings became familiar once
more, the singer forgot her- sixty-one
years and. gave the difficult passages
of the famous song with such unex
pected art and strength and feeling
that the congregation almost' broke
into applause.
With two living examples of such
wonderful voice ,, .preservation right
here, it is not' surprising that some
people expected more from the once
Incomparable queen -f song, Adelina
Patti! :w^..:--'vl- . • '-' - -. '. . N - -• ;
Mrs. Little was a society leader here,
as well as the most prominent singer
of her day. and her fine old home out
on T oadvvay has been the rendezvous
ol many well-known people of the so
cial, musical and literary world.
While the masses are still marveling
over ' the wonderful preservation of
Patti's voice, it is appropriate that at
tention should be called to two Califor
nia women whose beautiful t.nes have
withstood the blighting hand of Time —
Mrs. Blake-AIverson and Mrs. William
C. Little, both now resident of Oak
land. Both of these well-known musi
cians have recently been heard once
more in public and their praises have
since been resounding on ail sides.
Mrs. Blake-AIverson was at one time
California's foremost- contralto and
many, many times has her voice been
raised, freely and generously, in behalf
of charity. Her husband being a prom
inent Mason, she was an active partic
ipant in all the public exercises of that
order. So, when Lyon Corps. G. A. R.
of Oakland celebrated its twenty-fifth
anniversary a few weeks ago the ven
erable lady was asked to sing for the
sake of "auld lang syne." Bowed as
she is • by the weight of 6S years and
crippled as the result of an accident,
little was expected cf her. but the invi
tation was extended as a mark of cour
tesy and deep respect. When the still
full, sweet voice swept out over the
crowd, however, in the trying strains
of "The Star Spangled Banner," old
soldiers forget their years and their
veins tingled once more with the fire
and patriotism of youth. Age had ma
tured the voice they heard, but Time's
chill hand had passed lightlr over the
warm, rich tones that still thrilled
with the power to stir human hearts.
The high notes lacked n !iing, either
of strength or sweetness. The buoy
ancy and power of Mrs. Alverson's
.voice is all the more remarkable when
one considers that she has been teach
ing for the last forty years.
Mrs. Little is proud of the fact that,
like Patti. sixty-one years have passed
her gently by and that she is still able
to give pleasure with the voice that
was once a pure delight. She came to
California in 1&>9 and almost immedi
ately took her place with t prominent
singers of the coast. Lhe as at differ
ent times leading soprano of Calvary,
the Unitarian and other large churches
fn San Francisco. For years she was
closely identified with the old Presby
terian church on Harrison street . i Oak
land, and she started the fund for the
organ which now graces the new edifice
on the corner of Fourteenth and
Franklin streets.
SOLOISTS WHOSE VOICES
HAVE WITHSTOOD TIME'S
BLIGHTING HAND.
A leapyear party, under the auspices
The regular annual meeting of the
San Francisco Fruit and Flower Mis
sion was held Wednesday last at the
mission's rooms,. 631 Sutter street. The
report of the recording secretary shows
that during the year the active work
ers have weekly visited thirty cases,
providing the patient with milk, meat
and necessary groceries, besides provid
ing physician, caretaker and medicines.
The delicacies have been prepared by
the diet kitchen committee. Over 900
garments have been distributed by the
clothing committee. At Thanksgiving
200 dinners were given to the deserving
poor, and at : Christmas, the children
were given toys and candies, together
with ' useful garments. The following
officers were elected for the year: Presi
dent. Miss Aimie Wainwright; first vice
president, Miss Hilda Stein hart; treas
urer. Mrs. Sigmund Bauer; recording
secretary. Miss M. Vincent: correspond
ing secretary. Miss Cecile Friedlander;
directors. Miss Hannah Lezinsky, Miss
Helen Gibbs. ; Miss S. E. Johnson. Mrs.
William Sherwood and Miss L. Nathan.
• • •
California Lodge No. 16?. I. O. B. B..
will give its installation ball Tuesday
evening. January 26. at Lyric Hall, 121
Eddy street, B'nai B'rith building.
• * •
The Daughters of the California Pio
neers will have a social meeting this
afternoon at Z o'clock. A musical and
literary entertainment will be rendered.
The Utopia Whist Club held Us semi
monthly meeting last Tuesday at the
residence of Mrs. E. Pfaeffle. 3 Guerrero
street. The following members were
present: Mrs. BredhofT. Mrs. Crist. Mrs.
Fonge. Miss E. Greninger, Mrs. Sedloff,
Mrs. Meese. Mrs. Meyers. Mrs. Moyni
han, Mrs. J. Packer.. Mrs. C. Packer,
Mrs. E. Pfaeffle, Mrs. Schlueter. Mrs.
Schmidt. Mrs. Smith. Mrs. Shaughnes
sy, Mrs. Sonderleiter and Mrs. Swift.
St. Margaret's Guild of St. Stephen's
Church will give a dramatic entertain
ment in Armory Hall on the evening of
February 2. An original play by Mrs.
Montgomery Haslett will be presented,
with Mrs. Haslett and Mr. Dennison iu
the leading roles.
• • *
C. L. A. S. No. 2 will give a euchre
party at St. Charles Hall. 390 Shotwell
street, this evening to increase its char
ity fund.
Chebra Ahaboth Zion installed the
following officers for the ensuing year:
President, A. Blumann; vice president,
E. Davis: secretary. J- Gans; treasurer.
D. Davis: trustees. B. Fross, Morris
Levy and O. Moses: physician, A. W.
Perry; druggist, A. L. Lengfeld.
William McKinley Circle "No. 51,
Ladies of the G. A. R.. will give a
leap year party and entertainment at
Native Sons' Hall, Seventeenth street,
above Valencia, next Wednesday even
ing. The ladies of "William McKinley
Circle are becoming famous for their
hospitality, • for they spare neither
time, labor nor expense to give their
guests an enjoyable tim..
Calaveras Parlor No. 103. N. D. G.
W., held its second ball Tuesday even
ing last at Native Sons' Hall. There
were 100 couple in the grand march,
which was led by Miss Lena C. Moore,
president of the parlor. Many dainty
gowns were worn. The hall was pret
tily decorated, pink and green being
the color scheme. The following named
composed the committee of arrange
ments:
Jennie A. Ohlerich. chairman: Lena
C. Moore, Emma White. Emma Muel
ler. Eleanor -W. W. Garms. Alicia A.
Xunan, Sophie Grisinger, Josephine C.
Budde, Miss Lena C .Moore. Martie
McFarland. Alice A. Vice. Agnes Mc-
Verry, Leah T. Wrede. Tillie Leeman.
Grace Fleck. Eleanor Brickwedel, Ardie
Wrede, Anita Chlemens, Dora Biggs,
Josie Hartman.and Xina C. Nelson.
At the twentieth annual meeting of
the Women's Auxiliary of the Young
Men's Christian Association Thursday
the following officers were elected, to
serve for the ensuing year: Mrs. E. E.
Kelly president. Mrs. R. L. Rigrdon
vice president. Miss E. J. Onyon sec
retary and Miss K. G. Kennedy treas
urer. Mrs. B. C. Wright, who had
served in the capacity of president of
the auxiliary for more than three
years, presided at the meeting, but
declined re-election as president on
account of the many other duties de
volving upon her. Mrs. Wright, how
ever, remains an active member of the
auxiliary. The women's department
of the association has rendered most
valuable service, especially in social
functions of the organization. The
new officers will assume charge of the
work at once.
Club Parties.
The California Women's . Whist
League entertained its members on
Thursday afternoon last with "five
hundred" and compass whist, for club
pins. There were a number of ¦visit
ors present who thoroughly enjoyed
the instructions given. Miss Manford
Garnette won the prize on January 4,
and not Mrs. Garnette. as was errone
ously stated. Mrs. R. E. Miller won
the prize on January 11. Both ladies
made remarkably high scores. The
league will be well represented at the
Pacific Coast whist tournament which
opens next Thursday evening at the
rooms of the Trist Club. The fourth
game of the duplicate series will be
played nexe Thursday.
Mrs. Isidore Meyer's monthly musi
cale passed off most successfully.
Among those present who contributed
toward the afternoon's entertainment
was Miss Langstadter, who rendered
Italian operatic music as piano solos.
Miss E. N. Van Norden's monologue
recitation was heartily encored, and
Miss Hilda Schlessinger received sev
eral encores for her whistling solos.
Miss Tillie Erb. Miss Lillian Baker.
Miss Lillian Necker. Miss Emma de
Boom, Miss Emily Lassale. Miss Ida
Baldwin, Mis? Marie Samet, Mi5s Ma
rie Stenger. Miss Anna Robrecht. Miss
Christina Klaas, Miss Nettie Willits,
Miss Minnie Huber, Miss Alice Bain,
Miss Freda Hessler. Miss Bertha. Klaus.
Miss Mabel Hessler, Miss Celia Zim
men. Miss Mabel Casey, and Messrs.
Schluter. Ernest Lassale. Mathew
Klass, Louis Uhbrans. Artie Dettimer.
Lawrence Boucher. Joseph R. Scottl,
Oscar A. Thinen. Herman Howell. Al
fred M. Founier, Fred Starret. Henry
Baldwin. Paul WIsmer. Louis Erb,
George Bacon, James McKenzie, George
Hyde, George Rader, John Newenberg,
John Meyne, John ' Lataune and GU3
Dalarruelle. . •
Mr. and Mrs. J. Baron of 6S0 Second
avenue gave an elaborate dinner last
week to fifty friends in honor of their
debutante daughter. Miss Emily Baron.
Sharing the honors with Miss Baron
were two other dainty debutantes, Mi3s
Amilie Mathieu and Miss Bessie Mc-
Kenzie, all of whom were prettily
gowned in white.
Dancing, always a joy to young folk,
was greatly enjoyed in the pretty ball
room.
The following guests were \ enter
tained:
Mrs. Luhrs-Cutting entertained a
number of friends at dinner on Wednes
day e%-ening. after which cards were
played.
A delightful little dinner was given
last week by Mr. and Mrs. J. A. CahUL
The table was daintily garlanded with
violets and many were the toasts drank
to the first anniversary of the wedding
of the host and hostess.
The fallowing guests were enter
tained: Mr. and Mrs. H. E. Warren,
Mr. and Mrs. Goldstein. Fred M. Gil
more. Miss May Bent, Miss Stella Bent,
Miss Clare Bent, George Rodgers. Mrs.
G. Bent and E. A. Rodgers.
One of the most delightful home
parties of the season was of Mr.
and Mrs. John G. Rapp, given at their
residence, 1461 Page street on Satur
day evening last. The principal en
tertainment was dancing in the social
hall. A musical programme contrib
uted to by many of tke guests was
greatly enjoyed. Those present were:
Mr. and Mrs. Fred Morgan, Mr. and
Mrs. George Brooks, Mr. and Mrs.
George Bender, Mr. and Mrs. H. War
wick. Mr. and Mrs. E. H. Lang. Mr.
and Mrs. W. H. Hoffman, Mr. and Mrs.
William Meckfessel, Mr. and Mrs. M.
Robinson, Mr. and Mrs. A. Hammer
smith. Mr. and Mrs. F. Aust; Mr. and
Mrs. C. Hufschmidt. Dr. and Mrs. F.
Knorp, Mr. and Mrs. William Raub
inger, Mrs. Fred Meyer, Miss A. Arti
gues. Miss M. Hufschmidt, Miss B.
Rapp. Miss L. Meyer, Miss B. Heming
way, Miss B. Hass. Miss E. Meyer. Miss
O. Liedelt, Miss H. Dunn, Miss R.
Hemingway, Miss M. Dunn, Miss E.
Moraghan. Miss J. Balemann. H. Ken
nedy, C. Moraghan, A. Anigues, F.
Krull. Judge Dunn, J. Klein. F. Sur
ryhne. Dr. H. O. von der Leith, Dr. O.
Westerfield, Dr. .William Burfeind. Dr.
P. Bieber. G. Bieber. William Wertsch
Jr., George Haas and Fred Meyer Jr.
Home Parties.
The engagement is announced of Miss
Genevieve T. Simrak, daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. M. Simrak, to Charles Deme
trak. •
Mr. and Mrs. E. H. Lapedaire have
announced the engagement • of their
daughter Sadie and Jake -. Alexander,
both of this city. A reception was held
at Mrs. Lapedaire's residence, 1091 Mc-
Allister street, yesterday afternoon
from 2 to 5 o'clock.
On Tuesday last Miss Juanita Hermes
announced her engagement to Mr.
Schultz. The rooms were prettily dec
orated with smilax and evergreen.
Those present were Mrs. Hermes, Miss
Juanita Hermes, Miss Myrtle Hermes,
Rev. and Mrs. j Gehrcke. Miss Alice
Gehrcke,, Miss Helen Gehrcke, Miss
Emily Radius, Miss Dorothy . Bannick,
Miss Elsa Mauch, the Misses Nordhau
sen, Miss Ahlers, Miss Meyer, Miss
Maut, Miss Oerstman, Miss Hochstein,
Miss McGowan. Albert Gehrcke. Fritz
Nordhausen, Charlie Choy, Guy Keiner,
Ami Gehrcke and Kaiser Albert.
The wedding of Miss Laura Ellis and
Melville. B. Rosenberg will take place
to-morrow at the Sorosis Club.
Ensasenients.
b* met.
During the society's half c»ntury of
'ab^rs for the needy but focr women
Have occupied the ' presidency — Mrs.
Iteese. Mrs. Nathaniel Gray. Mrs!
George Bar*tow and Mrs. S. W. Dennis.
An election cf officers for the ensu
ins year resulted cs follows:
Manarrr-rs— Mrs. L. S. Adams. Miss A.
Last week -nas prolific of ! annual
meetings cf women's organizations.
One o* the most interesting was the
fiftieth anniversary of the Ladies' Pro
tective and Relief Society, whose unin
terrupted labcr? for destitute wom»n
prid parectless children have placed th«>
people cf this city immeasurably in its
debt.
In its IncSpiency a fu~<3 was created
that sufficed for all its needs, but with
a rreatly increased number of inmates
the funds crew inadequate: and during
Vbe last year bonds valued at S3090 were
<".::¦ posed of that current expenses could
in politics. It is a social programme,
F'.'.ely, but upon its shoulders have
fallen the labors of the whole conven
tion. It consists of Mrs. J. .C. Cowles,
Los Angeles, chairman: Mrs. J. A.
Moynihan. Sacramento; Mr*. C. J. Wet
more, San Francisco; Mrs. J. R_ Scup
ham. Oakland: Mrs. Florence Cross.
Visalia; Mrs. Harriet Shepherd. Re-J
lands.
A committee of importance was omit
ted last week in the schedule, the com
mittee on programme — this doesn't bear
the signficance, however, that it does
The California's Club contingent at
the gathering of the clans is as fol
lows: Delegates— Mrs. Alexander Sha
ron. Mrs. V. Bradley, Mrs. A. R. Cotton.
Mrs. H. H. Fassett, Mrs. A. W. Corn-
Mall; alternates — Mrs. Lewis Hertz.
Mrs. O. E. Rieser. Mrs. Horace Coffin.
Miss Catherine Hittell. Mrs, A. W.
Scott.
• ¦ •
The Ebell Club of Oakland has ac
credited the following members from
Ita busy circle to represent its inter
ests at the State Capital:
Delegates— Mrs. Mabel Thayer Gray.
Mrs. J. B. Hume, Mrs. S. C. Borland.
Mrs. J. R. Scupham. Mrs. Babson, Mrs.
Kate A. Bulkley: alternates — Mrs.
<ieor?e C. Pardee. Mrs. A. B. Nye. Mrs.
A. M. Shanklin. Miss Bullock.
The Women's Press Association at its
meeting last Monday at Century Hali
elected the delegates to go to Sacra
mento. The following ladies accepted
their oomrnisfioris: Mrs. Laura X- Pin
ney. Mrs. J. G. Lemon. Mrs. Sara E.
Reamer: alternates. Mrs. Martha P.
Owen. Mrs. Margaret M. Hall and Mrs.
Ella M. Sextcn.
From Del Norte to the bending bay
of San Diego and from the Sierras to
the sea the all-absorbing topic in club
dom is "The Federation." Now, this
particular federation is of quite as
much im;K>nance to the women folk as
the St. Louis convention is to their
husbands; and all because at this gath
ering will be chosen the delegates from
California to rtroceed to the great bien
nial convention to be held at the expo
sition at St. Louis. Now, there's a con
vention worth attending, for betwixt
tirr.es the fair grounds may be visited
and delightful tete-a-tetes be held with
the cleverest clubwomen in the country
—for the Woman's Building is always
•the rcecca cf all good clubwomen.
At the exposition at Buffalo the
Woman's Building as an exhibition hall
¦was omitted in the architectural plan,
but a woman's clubhouse was fitted up
in the best part of the grounds, remote
from the hubbub of the midway— which
was the rnadrib cf the fair— but near
enough to It to be convenient for little
sallies thither and back. And so will
the plans b» at St. Louis.
Now, at Sacramento there's going to
be some nigh bidding: for the honors of
delegates. Speculation is rife here, in
Oakland and in Los Angeles as to the
prospective candidates. From San
Francisco many lists are being pre
pared and. as the racing men say, it's
«=ven money who will win the honors.
Leading the various premature ballots
in this city are Mrs. George Law Smith,
Mrs. Arthur W. Cornwall. Mrs. L. L.
Dunbar. Mrs. George Haight. Mrs. John
F. Swift. Mrs. Henry Payot, Mrs. J.
"\V. Orr, Mrs. C. Mason Kinne and Mrs.
Ella. Sexton. Besides there are a few
ethers who, though what might be
termed dark horses, seem to stand a
very fair chance when the balloting is
on. It is. however, rather generally
conceded that either Mrs. George Law
Smith or Mrs. Arthur W. Cornwall will
be among those who represent this
city — perhaps both of them.
As to whom the presidency «f the
California Federation will go, that
cems to be in the hands of the present
*f5cient officer. Mrs. L. F. Darling.
Should she decline the honor, however,
it is thought that Mrs. J. E. Cowles
from the south would be an acceptable
candidate, as her efficiency and per
s" nal charm won the admiration of
hosts cf women who attended the bien
r.:al convention at Los Angeles.
•Australian ballot system?" Well.
even if that system isn't in vogue
there'll be a slim chance for "stuffing:"
or otherwise thwarting the will of the
women in that convention. They will
keep a commendable supervision, rest
assured, on that "bulwark cf American
literty," the ballot box— a habit that
might with ¦ compunction be recom
mended to the men folk in weightier
.matters. However, these domestic poli
tics make capital training for women
in the duties of the ballot that are
coming— the coming may be slow, but
all- social and domestic problems are
slow of solution, and the ballot will
come naturally to her who waits, if she
dcesn't have the execrable taste to die
prematurely.
Firemen Imperiled In Chicago Fire.
CHICAGO,- Jan. 17. — Fire in the
Chicago Consolidated Milling and
Malting Company's plant , to-day
caused a loss of 975,000. Eight fire
men lost their/wray In the smoke. Two
of them were : rendered unconscious
and the rest had nearly succumbed
when other firemen cut a hole through
the roof and rescued them.
A gigantic effort is about to be made
by the State Committee of Women on
the Vallejo Naval Clubhouse for the
purpose of carrying to completion their
most excellent plans. The clubhouse
is a thing of reality, the roof is on it.
What a splendid thing it is that club
tea is such harmless stuff: It's good,
and It doesn't leave a headache in the
morning.
Vocal music. Miss Alma Hansen, Miss
A. MacDonald. Miss lone Pennlngton.
Miss Alice Bush. The singers were
accompanied by Miss Ethelwynne Mar
rick, who has served the Irving Club
in that capacity at many of its affairs.
After an instrumental solo by Miss
M. Wolters. a reading. "Judith." was
admirably given by Miss Elizabeth
Bartlett. A pleasant chat over the
tea cuds followed.
Irving Club had a delightful meet
ing on Thursday at Utopia Hall. The
programme presented was as follows:
Music; piano solo. Polonaise E major
(Liszt). F.mlyn Lewys: vocal solos, pu
pils of Mme. Carrineton Lewys: 1.
contralto solo, (a) "Sur La Plage." (b)
"The Silver Ring" (Chaminade), Miss
Clara Lewys: 2. tenor solo. "And She
Says True," aria from "Esmeralda."
fGoriRg-Thqmas). Otis Carringtcrn.
Mr?. Isadpre Lowenberg will be the
guest cf honor_for the afternoon, and
has promised to" tell a few stories. AH
who know Mrs. Lowenberg's facility
as a raconteur will find a leisure. hour
to drop in to hear her — those fortunate
enough to hcJd cards.
The Laurel Hill Club meets on Jan
uary 20 at the Sorosis Club rooms, when
the following programme will be pre
sented:
The third large club that moves along
the 5ame political (as opposed to cul
tural) lir.es is the Political Study Club,
of which Mrs. A. M. Calkins, a prom
inent society woman, is president.
Distinctly it is now good form in
Gotham to be a supporter of suffrage
and a political student.
In New York women's political clubs
thrive wonderfully, where they discuss
everything from the science of politics
— as practiced in Gotham — to the great
questions of political and social econ
omy. And the members of these clubs
are drawn from the ultra-smart set,
for note Mrs. Robert Abbe of 13 West
Fiftieth street entertaining the City
History Club at her fashionable home,
where civic questions were handled
bravely, y*»s. and cleverly.
Then there is the Women's Republi
can Club that met last week in Del
monico's for its annual election, where
scores of private carriages were drawn
up awaiting the fair politicians-in
theory- Allan Robinson, well known
as an authority on the great political
subjects of the day. addressed the la
dies upon '"Restriction of Immigra
tion."
As to the statue of Junipero Serra. it
is an interesting fact that last year a
joint committee of the Califi.raia Pro
rnction Committee and of the Califor
nia Landmarks League had that very
matter under discussion (in conjunction
with the placing of bronze tablets on
historic buildings in San Francisco).
.And strong influence - as brought to
bear to obtain some surrl" f un> s from
the Board of Supervisors to assist in
the work, but the funds were found un
available, and the league was forced to
drop the matter temporarily.
So it is with deep rejoicinp that the
project has taken on new life.
Is tliere any community in the coun
try — save our own — that would iiave
; permitted a spot of sacred memory like
our century-old Mission to be neglected
! and unkempt as v.e have done? To be
sure within the last half-year the in
terior has been partly restored — the al
tar marveiously well done. But what
of the churchyard that lies ir. its shad
ow? Is it not sad in its «"^plorab!e de
cay? Could not the Outdoor Art
League secure permisr n to restore to
a semblance of decency this aged God's
acre? There are many who wou.d help.
Ladies, if you are short on suggestions,
here's one.
This, the first public recognition of
this pioneer of pioneers, emanates
from James D. Phelan, who has offered
to erect a statue in a suitable spot, and
that it will be artistically worthy is
well assured, since Mr. Phelan is him
self an authority in matters relating to
art.
Mrs. Lovell White. Mrs. E. Glaser
and Mrs. Luther Wagoner •have laid
the plans of • their body before the
Board of Public Works, and it is to be
hoped that results will com of their
presentation.
The Outdoor Art League :• actively
canvassing the matter of improving
the landscape in the vicinity of the
Mission Dolores— a splendid project and
worthy of results. Trees are to be
planted along Dolores street, from
Fifteenth and Seventeenth, and along
Sixteenth street from Dolores to
Chur-Ii. There is also a plan afoot to
lay out a Eir-al! park— parklet. perhaps,
would be a better word— in the middle
of Dolares street, and in one of these
is to be placed the proposed statue of
Junipero Serra, the great Father of
the West.
Of the many cultural clubs In this
city, the Mills Club is one of the clev
erest. Its programme, always full of
merit, was especially rood on Tuesday
last, when the following entertainment
was offered: '
Piano recital. Miss Amy Seller, as
sisted by Mrs. James F. McGauley,
reader; Sonata appassfonata, op. 57,
F minor (Beethoven); assai allegro, an
danto con moto, allegro, ma non trop
po; selected poems— From James Whit
combe Riley and Eugene Field. Mrs.
James F. McGauley; etudes sympho
niques. op. 13 (Schumann): polonaise.
A flat. cp. 53 (Chopin): (a) Dance of
the Gnomes, (b) Tarantella (Liszt).
After the programme an informal re
ception will be given by the members
to the past presidents — Mrs. William
Redine. Miss Janet Haight. Mrs. Edgar
J. de Pue, Mrs. E. C. Wright. Miss J.
S. Klink. Mrs. A. D. d'Ancona. Mrs. J.
Homer Fritch. Mm Frank D. Bates.
-Irs. Walter H. Byington, Mrs. Wendell
Easton.
May the Women's Relief and Protec
tive Society live and thrive another
half century- And prosperity- to it and
its kind.
W. Beaver, Miss Chornita Borel. Miss
Alice Brown. Mrs. L. Curran ClarK,
Mrs. Charles Clayton, Mrs. N. P. Cole.
Mrs. P. B. Cornwall. Mrs.' S. W. Den
nis. Mrs. J. H. Deering. Mrs. Timothy
Hopkins. Mrs. Hugh Huddleston. Miss
Kate F. Hutchinson. Mrs. N. G. Kittle,
Mrs. Hugo Keil. Miss M. E. Kohl. Mrs.
J. E. Leroy Nickel, Mrs. E B. Pond.
Mrs. J. A. Robinson. Mrs. J. R. Sims,
Mrs. Milan Soule. Mrs. George E.
Sage. Mrs. A. P. Talbot. Mrs. Charles
W. Willard: trustees— Charles R.
Bishop, Horace Davis. J. S. Hutchin
son. Hugo Keil. George A. Newhall.
The officers selected for 1904 are:
President, Mrs. S. W. Dennis; vice
president. Miss Kate F. Hutchinson;
recording secretary, Mrs. J. H. Deer
ing; corresponding secretary, Mrs. P.
B. Cornwall; treasurer, Mrs. Charles
W. Willard.
The California Historic Landmarks
League will m°et at Hopkins Institute
of Art on Wednesday evening, to
which all that are interested in the
restoration of the Missions — and San
Antonio in particular— are invited.
Reports will be made on the work
already accomplished in the beautiful
old sanctuary.
The Rev. Father CrVarley will give
an address on "The Boys' Farm at
Rutherford." which enterprise prom
ises to help mightily in solving some
knotty economic questions.
Miss Mary Patton, lately returned
from the Continent, "will talk upon
"Hospitals in Europe."
Mrs. Mary Hart, the founder of the
"Northern Lights Club" (I'm giving
the translated name out of compassion
for the compositor), will tell how she
succeeded in coming away from Nome
¦with so many gold nuggets; -besides,
she has many things to say that are
not commercial— and she knows how
to say them.
And there will be — owing to a request
from the landmarks committee of the
federation — a little talk about the Ca
huenga treaty, whose anniversary is
near at hand. Modesty — ahem! — pre
vents me from stating what a "nice"
talk that will be! It will at least have
the merit of brevity.* And I am glad
I can report to myself. All duties car
ry their compensations.
The California Club will offer a va
ried programme to-morrow. The day
is under the direction of the social sci
ence section, Mrs. Jacob Brandt chair
man.
It seems to have given the Board of
Education something of a shock to
discover the * condition of parental
misrule in trie Latin quarter. That
scores of little tykes of school age are
peddling limes and matches and little
girls doing household drudgery has
been known to interested observers for
some time. Judge Murasky and Miss
Stebbins, if consulted, could throw
much light upon (he subject; -very few
of the little sinners who come before
them can read or write, which accom
plishments are looked upon by the lit
tle foreigners as vague luxuries, fit
only for "rich" boys.
By the way, where will the children
rounded up by Truant Officer Floyd be
placed? The schools in the Italian
quarter are already overflowing-. The
demand for portable schoolhouses is
infinitely more urgent in this foreign
quarter than in the districts where
children have the advantages of home
training and discipline. This is the
urgent appeal of the civic section of
the California Club, and it is earnestly
to be hoped that the Board of Educa
tion will waste no time instituting an
"official" investigation. A day or two
climbing around the cul-de-sacs that
thread the Hill will convince the most
obtuse observer of two things — the ne
cessity of enforcing the compulsory
education law there and the urgent
necessity for more school accommoda
tions in this new Italy.
The Pioneer Daughters meet to-day
in the parlors. Pioneer building, where
they will entertain their friends in
their usually interesting manner. Miss
Lucy Adams will preside.
Herewith ia a story of the work of
good women— those who guide the des
tinies of the Children's Hospital and
Training School for Nurses. The
amount of work done by the board of
managers and the other officers is
phenomenal, not the least of which is
•"making both ends meet." The fol
lowing managers were elected to serve
for the coming year:
Mrs. W. B. Harrington, Mrs. William
Hardy. Mrs. John F. Merrill, Mrs. L.
L. Dunbar, Mrs. J. H. Dickinson, Mrs.
George F. • Grant, Mrs. Henry E.
Bothin, Mrs. James W. Kerr, Mrs. W.
T. Fonda, Mrs. Wendell Easton. Mrs.
C. B. Alexander. Mrs. H. M. Eiske,
Mrs. I. X. Walter, Mrs. N. D. Rideout,
Mrs. Rolla V. Watt, 'Mrs. C. E. Holmes,
Mrs. Robert Oxnard". Miss Frances M.
Doyle, Miss Mary Kohl, Mrs. H. B.
Montague. Mrs. Henry Payot, Mrs. M.
F. McGurn. Mrs. J. M. de Greayer, Mrs.
J. L. Lilienthal. Mrs. Edward Carlson,
Mrs. T. L. Miller.
Of the board the following were
elected to the executive positions:
President, Mrs. W. B. Harrington; vice
presidents, Mrs. William Hardy, Mrs.
J. F. Merrill,; recording secretary, Mrs.
C. E. Holmes: corresponding secretary.
Mrs. T. L. Miller; treasurer. Mrs. L.
L. Dunbar; trustees — John F. Merrill.
W. J. Dutton, Leon Sloss, James D.
Phelan and Rolla V. Watt.
Fifty thousand dollars was the .total
cost of building and equipping the
structure, and of this sum but $10,000
has been subscribed. Now comes a sug
gestion—and a capital one — from the
"Jackies". themselves, that they give an
entertainment to help raise funds. Now
that would be a real novelty? and let
us wish the plucky naval lads success.
Take a ticket? Why, of course, for
Uncle Samuel's fighting lads. Who
wouldn't? Mrs. McCalla, Mrs. Freder
ick Sanborn, Afrs. Merrill and* many
other good women are lying • awake
nights devising schmes to make dol
lars — and the law discountenances
counterfeiting. So we club women
must help them.
and the appreciative "jackies" may go
through it at will and see what these
good women are trying to do for their
comfort and moral welfare.
BY I*ACRA BRIDE POWERS.
Saturday, January 9, a pleasant
birthday party was given at the ham*
of Mr. and Mrs. Hildehrand at 771
Francisco street in honor of the tenth
birthday of their daughter. Miss Edith
Hildebrand. Tne afternoon was de
lightfully spent with various games
and music and many dainty prizes were
awarded. The table was tastefully dec
orated. In the center stood the birth
day cake with ten candles burning.
A delightful repast was served. Amonsr
those present were Mrs. L. Hilde
brand. Mrs. Beecher and Mrs. Drucker,
the Misses Adams, Lizzie Porter. Fran
ces McGrath. Irene Cuneo. Marrio Gian
nini. i Myrtle Beecher. Jack McGlynn.
Viola McGrath. Alfred Recquillard.
Edith Hildebrand, Joseph Cuneo.
Cherry Carson. Walter Hild-brand,
Margaret McGlynn. Edward McGratb.
Irma Cuneo and Edwin Hildebrand.
Mrs. C. M. Dougherty and her daugh
ter, Mrs. Jabish Clement, gave a recep
tion Friday. January 8, at the Hotel
Pleasanton. which was largely attend
ed. Among the callers wtere Mrs. M.
B. Jones. Mrs. George Wheaton, Mrs.
Sidney Van Wyck. Miss Laura. Van
Wyck, Mrs. Macfarlane, Miss Jennie
Macfarlar.e, Mrs. M. H. de Young, lira.
Henry Crocker. Miss Helen Murison,
Mrs. James W. Seiners. Mrs. Bos
boroughs, Miss Chrissie.Taft, Mrs. Val
entine Hush. Mrs. John Spruance. Mrs.
James Stetson. Mrs. George Knight.
Mrs. L. L. Baker. Mrs. Thomas Dar
ragh. Miss Zdith Muir, Mrs. Selden
Wright, Miss Elizabeth Painter, Mrs.
Lyman Colburn. Miss Maye Colburn.
Miss Dillon. Mrs. John Curry. Miss Ada
Clement. Miss Grace Sanborn. Mrs. A.
M. Simpson, Mrs. Charles Kenyon, Mi«j
Elsie Marwedel. Miss Hush. Mrs. Fred
Sanborn. Mrs. John F. Boyd. Mrs. L.
T. Blakeman. Mrs. Breyfogle, lira. Jo
sephine de Greayer. Mrs. Mark Requa,
Mrs. Josiah Stanford. Miss Herrick.
Miss Jennie Stone. Mrs. William Lan
ders. Miss Pearl Landers. Miss Char
lotte Ellinwood. Mrs. R. A. Wellmajn.
Miss Wellmann, Mrs. Henry Wethcr
bee, Mrs. Linda Bryan, Mrs. Joseph
King, Miss Lucie King. Mrs. William
Mills. Mrs. William Shaw, Mrs. Charles
F. Pond. Mrs. Joseph Pease. Mrs. Ed
ward Selfridge. Mrs. Frank Peering.
Mrs. Ferdinand St-phenson. Mrs. Har
vey Somers. Mrs. Inez Shorb White
and Mrs. de Barth Shorb.
A very delightful party was given
Saturday evening, January 9, at the
Bradbury by Miss Marie Eustace, to
celebrate her thirteenth birthday. The
hours were passed with merry game*,
dancing and the discussion cf delipioos
refreshments. Those present were
Colin Collins, Lee, Cleary and Rose
Bullard. Jack Nelson. Josepha Byrnes,
Elizabeth Dolan. Genevieve Larkin.
Marian Daly, Erwin Holzheiser. May
Wilson, Alice Wilson. Wallace Leath?.
Cicely, Alderman, Hubert Alderman.
George and Mary Love. Alice O'Dea,
Anita Whelan. Gertrude Saul. Mi>
guerite Furey. Georgia Vanderwhite,
Julian O Day and Marie Eustace.
which were rendered In a highly artis
tic manner. Light refreshments were
served during the afternoon-
The regular meeting of the Council
of Jewish Women will be held next
Thursday afternoon at 3 o'clock sharp
in the Sunday-school rooms of the
Temple Emanu-El, on Sutter street.
of the ladies of the Deutscher Club,
will be given on Wednesday evening,
February 17, at Golden Gate HalL
Gayety is the note of the hour. Danc
ing parties, receptions and card parties
contribute to the merry whirl. Home
functions and club affairs held the at
tention of society last week rather
more than the preceding one and this
week promises to be yet more gay. And
again this week wilt bring many more
weddings.
Throughout the Length and Breadth of the State the All Absorbing Topic in
Organizations of the Fair Sex Is "The Federation."
Gayety Is the Note of the Hour and Though Week Just Past Was Merry,
the Present Promises to Be Yet More Mirthful.
WOMEN'S CLUBS BEND TO DUTIES WHILE SOCIETY CONTINUES IN QUEST OF PLEASURE
VOICES RETAIN
MELODY DESPITE
PASSING YEARS
THE SAN FRANCISCO. CALL, MOXDAY, JANUARY IS, lOOj.
5
S"EW ADVEHTISEMEHTS.
EI2T3 •WOKir AOT> DABDBUrr.
They Are Each Ctsted by a Pestiferous
Germ.
nSrr worm and dandruff are somewhat
rriitiUr jo thrir origin; each is causes* by
» jnrzFitc. The perm that causes dan-
druff digs to the root of the hair and
*ap* Us vitality: causing falling hair,
and. finally, baldness. Without dandrufT
there would n«rv«>r be *>aldness. and to
cure dandruff it I* necessary to kill the
Krrm. There has been no hair prepara-
tion that would do this until the discov-
*T y , Ne«-bro's Herpicide. which posi-
tively kills the dandruff germ, allays
itching instantly and makes hair glossy
?nd soft z.s 5ilk. Take no substitutes.
Th^re is r.othiap "ju.«t as good." Sold by
]*?a<J!njr druggists. Send 10c in stamps
£?F sassHe to The Herpicide Co., Detroit.
Mich.
For Infants and Children.
The Kind Yon HaTe Always Bought
Bears tfc* sj? y/SZZ^*
SSgsatrgo of C^egi^yTS&S&g/
POSTUM CEBEAL.
I Curious Place to Get a Worth-
f§§ while BOOK
FREE
"The Road
to
Wellville"
A miniature copy in every pack-
age of Postum Coffee and Grape-
Nuts, free. Find it and you will
keep it.
The strongest "little book" of the century.
Telephone the grocer for a package of either
Grape-Nuts or Postum, or both, and read the
book to-day.
p^It doesn't weigh much, but you couldn't
buytit away from some owners for its weight
in gold or gems.
POSTUM CEREAL CO., Ltd., j
Battle Creek, Mich. U-Joseph King, . variously .unwelcome any community
where /people care to have the use \ and benefit' of their
own property, has been sentenced to serve a term of
twenty years' imprisonment in Folsom. ; This ought to
be the opportunity, of -Joseph's life. His notorious incli
nation . to reform- everybody but himself' may. have full
swingand if. there is a place in California that needs re
form it is Folsom.. / '• ~.
Dave, the Fire Dog.
In a Western Addition engine house
there is a doc' named Dave who pos
sesses rare intelligence. Dave knows
the taps on the fire gong as well as
the men attached to the company. As
soon as the first tap is sounded on the
alarm gong he will listen until the sec
ond round comes in. If the box is one
to which the engines respond he will
jump about while the horses are' being
hitched, whining a cry of delight at the
expected joy of a run. Should the box
be fc-r.an outside section he will throw
himself on the mat and blink into a
slumber w-ith an v air. of: "Oh, pshaw-;
nothing in it for me."
Dave, was raised in the engine house
from puppyhood. So well trained is he
and possessed of such a natural gift of
intelligence that during the night time
when' the watchman Is on duty he will
make a round of the house every hour.
When the • time comes for the watch
man to 'make his rounds, . should lie
oversleep himself, the cunning dog will
approach him and with" his paw tap
him gently on the face to "wake him
up. As soon as he performs this duty
Ex-Congressman Driggs has been sentenced to serve
one day in prison and to pay a fine of, $10,000 for the
part he played in, the postal frauds. This should linger
in ' our - memories as one of the curiosities of American
justice. Driggs deserved a longer imprisonment or none
at. all. : He. has been submitted to an' unnecessary in
dignity or the laws that provide equal justice to all have
been outraged.
THE State of New York, in obedience to an impera
tive public necessity, a few years ago embarked
upon the conservation of remaining forests.
Farmers complained of increasing aridity of the soil and
decline in its fertility. Streams once of full and constant
flow, and furnishing valuable water-power.Nvere dry half
the year. The headwaters of the Mohawk, the Hudson,
the. Susquehanna and the" -Delaware, once fed by tim
bered watersheds, were stripped, and the "initial flow of
the streams growing less. .'.-
Under these circumstances the preservation of . existing
forests and the replanting "of denuded lands became a
pressing necessity. A forestry school was started in
Cornell University, with Dr. Fernow at its head, and the
State made the necessary appropriations for its support
and equipped it for caring for the timber. Subsequently;
for reason that has not been plain, the pretext being
economy, the appropriation ;ceased. During last year
vast fires raged in, the A'dirondacks, where the State,
ovvns nearly 2,000,000 acres of;, forest. Hastily impro
vised means of fighting these fires were made use of.
Men were hired at $2 a day, under unskillful and insuffi
cient oversight to fight fire, and wercidetected in spread-
THE* COST OF FOREST FIRES.
The announcement has been made that the year re
cently ended was the most successful in the history of
the Young Men's Christian Association of Oakland. No
better news could record the activity of any community.
It is such institutions as the Young Men's Christian As
sociation that protect the youth of the cities, from the
appalling temptations that inadequate laws and lax ad
ministration, have made possible in American life.
Somewhere on a round sea slope
I shall live my life's joys over
In a many-windowed cottage
Where the popples light the clover.
— Lillian Shuey.
For a glimpse through th* oak's old
arches
Of the scholar's cap and gown.
For a touch with the onward striving
That haunts a college town.
For the grassy fields and the orchards
The pimbernel in the close.
The emerald green magnolia
. And ever the winter rose.
For love of the far bay views.
The shippings' deep sea story.
The sun's descent on the mount
In purple state and glory.
There shall I make my home
For love of the out-door hours.
For love of the Ions year's peace
The days among the flowers.
Somewhere on the Berkeley hills.
The bay breeze blowing over.
Somewhere on a round sea slope.
Where poppies crowd the clover:
The Berkeley Hills.
Ito's Escape.
Marquis Ito, on whom so much de
pends in the Far East, had a narrow
escape of his life In the adventurous
days of his youth. He and his friend
Inouye incurred obloquy by their ad
vocacy of the Europeanizing of Japan,
and their political opponents resolved
upon their assassination. Ito was
tracked to the house of a lady to whom
he was attached, but the lady hid him
so securely that he could not be found,
saying that he had left her :ome hours
before, and that she would be glad if
the strangers would .^.*ve her also.
They departed, and Ito managed to get
on boar-', a vesse> bound for England,
concealed in a bale of silk. He re
mained in that bale for thirty-six hours
without either food or drink. Then he
introduced himself to the skipper and
proposed to work hla passage to Liver
pool as a steward.
Answers to Queries.
PROSPECTING — W. S. C. City.
For information about prospecting for
minerals In California call at the min
ing bureau in the Union Ferry build
ing.
SOUTH AMERICAi-Subscrlber, Se
bastopol, Cal. For particular, informa
tion as to the resources of South
America you should write to the
United States Consuls stationed at dif
ferent parts of that territory, stating
exactly what you wish to know.
FRATERNITIES— Subscriber. City.
According to official figures- the
strength of the Masonic fraternity in
the United States and Canada In the
latter part of 1902 was 901,968, and that
of the Odd Fellows 1,329,956. Tne nu
merical strength of the Order of the
Eastern Star was 250,000.
ROTTEN ROW-Enq., City. Camden
has trared the expression "rotten row"
to rotteran (to muster); hence rot, a
file of sflc soldiers. Another derivation
is the Norman retten row (roundabout
way), being the way corpses were car
ried to avoid the public thoroughfares.
Others suggest route du rol (route of
the King), or that it is so called from
the soft material with which the road
is covered. This is the name of a fash
ionable driveway in Hyde Park, Lon
don, and the English people are of the
opinion that the name Is a corruption
of the French name route du roi.
RELEGATED— A. B., City. There
can be no question that the sentence
"Drinking men are being rapidly rele
gated to the rear." Is correct, despite
the action of some captious magazine
editor who struck out "to the rear."
and explained that relegate means "to
send back," The latest dictionary defi
nition is that relegate means "to send
away, or out of the way, sc to some
obscure or remote destination." and it
follows that in the use of the word
relegate there must be some adverbial
phrase, unless the word is used in the
sense of banish. None of the works
define the word as meaning, as that
editor has it. to send back, in the sense
of sending to- the rear-
Townsend's California glace fruits and
candies. SOc a pound, tn artistic firs
etched boxes. A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market St.. above Call bid?. *
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's).- 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 10C •
"There is no statute," said Judge
Pennie, "by which an honest man
should be prevented from recovering:
his just debts. Judgment is rendered
for the plaintiff, with costs. and inter
est," The amount in the decree when
the principal and compound interest
was entered amounted to $1600. It was
paid, rather than stand an expose by
taking an appeal. '. '
There is on record in the old judg
ment books of the Justice of the Peace
now stored away in the basement of
the City Hall a case in which Judge
James C. Pennie decided years ago.
Judge Pennie occupied the bench for
over thirty years, • and although he
knew veiy little law he administered
the law of justice in such a way as to
hold on to his place against all odds.
The case alluded to is briefly this:
Sam C. Harding, then a collector o'f
bad debts, one day met a man whom
he had known for years. The man
borrowed $20 of Harding^ giving his
note for the same at 6 per cent inter
est.' The note was merely a joke at
the time, but years passed on and the
borrower made a big strike in the Ne
vada mines and years after he visited*
the city with his pockets bulging out
with gold coin. In a saloon on Mont
gomery street the new Croesus met
Harding. A rough bantering was In
dulged in, in which Harding took of
fense at some remark of his friend. He
then upbraided his friend's ingratitude
in not paying his debt. The man swore
he would never pay the $20. Harding
sued him and when the case came to
trial before Judge Pennie the statute
of limitation was Invoked.
Justice Never Outlaws.
When morning comes if inquiries are
made the reply should not be, "A
wretched night, I scarcely slept at all,"
but "1 slept very well part of the
night," ignoring all the wakeful hours
and making no allusion whatever to
them. Not once through the day
should there be the expression of a
doubt whether sleep will come or not,
but the mind should be made to feel
that sleep is' certain to come. The
thought should be constantly kept in
mind that sweet sleep is waiting with
the darkness. This is the one cure for
insomnia, and it has nothing against it,
not even improbability. It was the
method discovered by the writer after
months of testing fruitlessly the va
rious cures usually advised.
It takes time and a strong will to put
a decided suggestion to rout when one
is first beginning, to practice this meth
od, how long depending naturally
enough upon the control one has over
one's mind. Possibly this may be called
self-hypnotism, but it has the merit of
strengthening the mind at the same
time that it heals the trouble.
Nothing but good can follow the ac
quisition of the power of . driving out
harmful thoughts by better ones, what
ever form the undesirable thoughts
take. It may take a month to make this
remedy effective, or it may take *' a
longer time, but when tne ability to do
this is once one's own it is always dX
hand.
One may work this cure if one will
under the most adverse circumstances,
but it is well to have one's , surround
ings for one's aid rather* than to have
to struggle against them, as Jt is some
thing of an effort at best. There
should be close attention to the details
of ventilation, and to the comfort of
the room, and the atmosphere should
be that of which the would-be sleeper
Is unconscious, for the body should be
at ease. A warm room is; more ¦condu
cive than a cold 'one to slumber. .
When one \va"kes in the ' night the
proper thing to do is to keep the mind
oalm and to think "how pleasant it is
that I can go to sleep again." After a
month's wakefulness it is probable that
this thought will not at once produce
the desired plumber. It may not to
night nor to-morrow night, but it will
in the end. 'f? '
To replace a rooted suggestion with
another is not easy, but it must be done
if one is to return to refreshing slum
ber without seeking new scenes which
of themselves will usually change the
suggestion. That is" one reason why
the country helps one to sleep. Imme
diately one says, "How delightfully
quiet it is here. I know I shall sleep
to-night," and that thought drives out
the other which has been keeping re
pose away. ¦¦t'is*
Only the victim of insomnia knows
how it takes the nerve and life out of
those who suffer from it. It is said
that ten daj's without sleep is the long
est time that any person was ever able
to go before insanity or death followed,
and if there were no slumber whatever
one would become mentally unbalanced
in less time.
Any one who has known the horrors
of a mind that cannot rest will find it
easy to credit that statement. The true
terrors of insomnia are known only to
the individual who has lain night after
night with body heavy with sleep and
mind working every instant.
One victim of this trouble said: "It
is a queer experience I have just been
through. I heard Ida come into the
room, knew all you said, heard her go
out; indeed, I knew all that was going
on, and yet I awoke by hearing myself
snore." That sort of sleep is genuine
insomnia, and it is a much worse con
dition than the usual sleeplessness, be
cause, though the body Is getting a
measure of rest, the mind, which needs
it more, Is more alert than before one
sought sleep. It is a most painful state.
The first step toward a cure is to
change the suggestion in the subjective
mind, and this is no small task. When
one has had ljight after night of wake
fulness it is one of the hardest mental
tasks possible to approach one's "couch
as one who lies down to pleasant
dreams." Naturally, the objective mind
will be saying, "Of course you won't
sleep any more than you have for a
month. You'd much better take a sul
fonal powder," and the subjective
mind absorbs this suggestion. Such a
one should never be strengthened by
being put into words, but, or. the con
trary, should be driven out whenever
it returns.
(Copyright. 1904, by Joseph B. Bowles.)
BY DORA MAT MORRELL,.
Insomnia.
HOLLOWING the recommendations of President
Roosevelt in hi? annual message, a bill has been
introduced by Mr. t Gardner of Massachusetts pro
viding for the appointment of a commission to report
to Congress at its next session what legislation is desir
able for the development of the American merchant
marine and American commerce. The commission is to
be composed of the Secretary of the Navy, the Postmas
ter General, the Secretary of the Department of Com
merce and Labor, the chairman of the Committee on
Commerce of the Senate, the chairman of the Committee
on Merchant Marine and Fisheries of the House, three
Senators to be designated by the President of the Senate
and three Representatives to be designated by the
Speaker— at least two of these Senators and two of the
Representatives to be Democrats.
Until-this .commission reports it is hardly likely that
any effective step will be taken to provide for our mer
chant marine the governmental protection it requires to
maintain itself in competition with the subsidized mer
chant fleets of other countries, and it is therefore to be
hoped the commission will be promptly created and set
to work. Our foreign commerce is expanding enor
mously, while we have no adequate fleet to carry it.
The consequence is that we have to pay to foreign'ship
owners a heavy annual tribute in the way of freight
rates that ought to be kept at home for the promotion
of our shipyards and our merchant service.
In a recent address Mr. Austin, Chief. of the Bureau of
Statistics of the Department of Commerce and Labor,
presented a striking showing of the rapid growth of our
export and import trade as compared with that of Gr.eat
Britain, France and Germany. In the course of his re
marks he said:
"These three countries, combined with the United
States, supply one-half the total international commerce
of the world, and it is therefore unnecessary to con
sider the other countries, in * an attempt to determine
what our commercial growth has been as compared
with the other great nations of the world. Taking still
the year 1870 as a starting point, and comparing condi
tions in the four countries in 1876* with the latest avail
able data, it may be said that the exports of France have
increased $277,000,000, those of the United Kingdom
$443,000,000, those -of Germany $607,000,000, and those
of the United States $1,028,000,000; the increase of the
United States being equal to that of Germany and the
United Kingdom combined, and nearly equal to. all of the
three countries under consideration. Comparing the
growth by percentage of increase, it may be said that
the United Kingdom shows a gain of 45 per cent,
France 50" per cent, . Germany no per cent " and the
•United States 260 per cent. In 1870 the United States
stood at the bottom of the list, her exports being less
than those of any of the three nations named; in 1903
she stands at the head of the list, her exports being
greate'r than those of any other of the countries under
consideration. These figures, it is proper to say, relate
to exports of domestic merchandise* only, and do not in
clude the re-exportation of foreign or colonial merchan
dise, which forms' a considerable share of the total ex
ports of the European countries* in question, especially
the United Kingdom."
Such is the nature of our commerce across the seas.
We are the richest of nations, the most enterprising
arid the most progressive, and yet we have hardly a
visible showing among the merchant fleets of the world.
Since it seems that a commission is deemed necessary
to'make these, and similar facts, known to Congress be
fore legislation can be obtained, it behooves us to get
the commission promptly. The Gardner bill should
have the cordial support of all friends of our merchant
service and should be enacted without delay.
MERCHANT MARINE COMMISSION.
The hot wave, of reform which has been sweeping
over American municipalities has struck Milwaukee, and
to the astonishment of the natives, she ha* joined St.
Louis, Minneapolis and Grand Rapids in the indictment
of offending officials. Sah Francisco is notorious for be
ing a year or two behind prevailing styles, but surely op
portunities seem numerous, enough to join the proces
sion.
"Since the recent abnormal cold there
are not wanting people who believe
that the theory lately advanced by
some scientists is correct. This is that
the northern hemisphere is entering
upon a new period of glaciation. Other
evidences than the late unlamented
blizzard come rapidly to hand. Every
body knows that the past summer was
phenomenally cool here, but Boston
takes pride in having summers cool
enough to advertise any health resort.
"News comes, however, from distant
Alaska that the output of gold for the
year has been only $8,921,157 this year,
as against $8,345,800 in 1892. This deci
ded falling off ia laid to the extremely
short summer on the Summer Penin
sula, where are located the greatest
placer mines, the time between thawing
out and freezing up being much less
than on previous yeara.
"Round the other side of the northern
world the latest news from Captain
Coffin, in command of the Artie explor
ing ship America, is that the ice ia far
south about Spitsbergen and he will
find difficulty in making the usual
northinsr before the ship la frozen In.
The previous Zeigrler expedition had the
same trouble and the failure of Com
mander Baldwin is in part attributed
to this evidence of cold beyond the nor
mal.
"Of course, the scientists may be
wrong in their apprehensions, and the
forecasted glacial period may not be
really approaching, but surely the
common signs all point in that direc
tion. When learned men and goose-bone
prophets agree it Is no wonder that
common folks look upon the thermom
eter with distrust and a certain amount
of rancor."" * '-'•;
Our friends in the East are worrying
over the cold weather. Says the Bos
ton Transcript:
Back to the Ice Age.
"The corn is received, weighed and
shelled, and every bushel is registered
automatically. Then the grain is sifted,
run through a blower, which removes
the dirt and dust. The clean corn then
is taken to the steeping-room, where
there is a series of large vats or tanks
made of cypress wood. These vats are
partially filled with hot water and about
1000 bushels of corn are fed into each
tub. The corn is kept in the steeping
vats for three or four days. The treat
ment gradually softens the flinty
grains and partial fermentation takes
place. The scum which rises to tne
top is skimmed off, and finally the hot
water is drawn off, and the softened
parboiled corn dropped on to a con
veyor, which carries it to the millroom,
where large burr wheels grind it. Cold
water, is fed into the mills with the
corn, and the mixture, which looks like
thin gruel, runs through pipes into a
stone cistern, ,where it is constantly
agitated with more cold water.
. "From the cistern the mixture is
pumped on to a series of sieves called
ehakers. The sieves are made of silk
bolting cloth, and the frames are con
etantly shaken by machinery. The
sieves are on a slant, and the contin
uous trembling ¦ releases the starch
granules from the refuse, which slides
off the ends of the screens in bins and
later is sold for cattle feed. The starch
granules, with the water, fall through
the meshes of the bolting cloth upon a
cement floor, run into a gutter and then
into a cistern. From this cistern It is
pumped to the first settling tub, where
It is allowed to rest over night. The
sour water on top is "drawn off and
fresh water, made alkaline by a weak
solution of caustic soda, is run in and
thoroughly mixed with the starch.
"The weak alkali dissolves the gluten
which sticks to the . starch granules,
making the starch comparatively pure.
The starch is allowed to settle again,
and then is taken to the runhouse, in
which are a number of shallow troughs
about three feet wide and twenty feet
ltng, made of slate. The slate bottom
is perfectly smooth, and the troughs
slant on a grade of about one inch in
eighty feet. The sides of the trough
are made of stone or cement. "The
etarch and water mixture slowly en
ters the head of the trough, or 'ways, 1
as they are' calleH, and almost imper
ceptibly moves toward -the lower end.
"The etarch granules, being heavier
"The wall paper also had been 'sired*
-.vith the •white stuff, and I suppose the
covers of every book we had in the
house were pasted with starch.
"Millions of bushels of corn are used
every year in the manufacture of this
essential product, and considerable
•wheat is consumed also in making what
i3 known as 'wheat starch.* 'Potato'
flour is potato Etarch. and in the good
old days our grandmothers used to got
their starch by grating potatoes, mixing
the mash with water, and then, after
allowing the mixture to settle, secured
Ftarch by frequent decanting and wash
ings.
"In principle that is the way starch
is made from corn to-day, although
much expensive machinery »s employ
ed and everv menas possible used to
get t&e largest yield in its purest and
most attractive form. If you split a
grain of corn flatwise you will see the
starch its natural condition, but en
veloped in substances which later be
come the refuse of the starch factory
mixed with gluten. This gluten must
be washed out and the refuse stun* re
moved in order to get the pure starcn,
and the process in general runs about
as follows :
"The wall caper was kept on the
plaster because of starch in the paste,
every picture in a frame was pasted
with starch, and I knew that the
Brussels carpet under the table, at one
part of its making, had been fairly
soaked in starch so as to make it stiff
and firm. The cotton fibers of the stuff
of which mv wife's shirt waist was
made had been 'sized* in starch during
the process of making the cloth, and
the cotton thread used in sewing it had
been treated with starch the same way.
(Copyright, 1904, br Joeeph B. Bowlet.)
Said the wholesale grocer as he
picked up a flngerful of the article in
question.
"Have yon ever considered the part
which starch. Just plain, ordinary
starch, plays in your everyday affairs?
Don't you know that it would be prac
tically impossible to live in these times
•without starch; that If starch were
suddenly removed from the earth thou
sands and ten thousands of working
people would be without employment,
and that what vou call the industrial
¦world would eet a shock which would
be felt in every part of it?
"I went through a starch factory not
long ago, and since then I have had
more respect for the article which we
cell by the carloads. The other even
ing at dinner I looked around the table
and room and mentally catalogued the
•etarch' effects. My shirt bosom was
uncomfortably stiff because of the
stuff, and the dab of powder on my
wife's nose I knew had more or less
perfumed starch in it. The biscuits
brought in by the maid were light and
flaky because of the baking powder
used in their making, and the basis of
a baking: powder is starch.. Starch gave
the elegant finish to the napkins and
tablecloth, and the pudding which
came along later was largely built up
on corn starch.
CralU."]
BT MAL-COLiM UcDOWEIJ*
lAMthor "Shop TaJJc on the Wonders of the
Starch.
he win go and lie down until the next
hour approaches, when he will repeat
his performance. His rest and sleep
he takes during the daytime when the »
men are about the house.
Provisions, too, are not in satisfactory condition. The
great Western packing concerns at Chicago and else
where several weeks ago loaded themselves up with a
large yne of pork and beef products and then unloaded
them upon the scattered outside trade, which now holds
the great portion of the stock, with the market depressed
and slowly, declining to a lower plane of values all
around. Stocks of everything in this branch of industry
are reported large and steadily accumulating, which does
not give much promise for the immediate future. Hides,
however, are more active and have lately developed more
tone, with some advances, notably in foreign descrip
tions.
The statistical condition of the markets is irregular.
The country's bank clearings showed a los,s of 18.8 per
cent last week, with about half of the largest cities on the
losing side of the • exhibit. The aggregate clearings,
however, kept up to a good volume, being about $2,265;
000,000. The loss at New York was 27.8 per cent. The
failures for the week were 324, against 267 for the corre
sponding week last year." The range, for the general run
of staples was the'highest for a year and 37 points above
the low level of 1896, though 7 per cent below the high
est point of 1000. The exports of wheat and flour from
the country were 2,771,000 bushels, against 4,878,000- last
year. The distribution of •general merchandise is in
creasing, the best reports coming in from the West and
South. . '
In California the weather is the governing Jactor at
the moment. While the central and northern parts of the
State have received sufficient moisture for the present,
the south and southern end of the San Joaquin Valley
are suffering from drought. The Weather Bureau re
ports pasturage almost gone and some sheep and cattle
dying on the ranges. Corn is being fed to stock in these
sections, but this is expensive. According to the
Weather Bureau the current year is the dryest known
since 1863-64, when no rain fell at Los Angeles during
the whole winter. But they depend largely upon spring
rains in the lower part, of the State.
Otherwise the condition of business in California is
satisfactory. Money continues plentiful, the local and
export business of this port continues good, there is no
pessimism expressed in any quarter, and with the usual
spring rains fair crops arc practically assured. Prices for
almost everything in the farming line are above the aver
age of the past few years and in some' lines away above
it. This is especially noticeable in hops and hay, which
are bringing fine jarices, while 'no line reports any de
pression, except possibly raisins, which are dull, with a
large line of last year's crop still on hand. Taking the
State as a whole, therefore, the outlook is fair.
THERE was an 'encouraging feature to trade last
week v It was the early opening of the spring busi
ness. It seldom opens so promptly after the holi
days and is often.delayed as late as the 1st of February.
But last week's reports all indicated resumption of
business after the holiday lull, with indications of a- good
demand for general merchandise during the rest of. the
winter. In this respect, if in no other,, the new.- year is
opening better than the old year closed! ¦•, *
' There is still another improvement in the comparison.
The feeling of pessimism and dread so general an'djcon
spicuous during the last half of 1903 seemsto- have dis
appeared altogether and is replaced by : one of buoyancy
and confidence. This is particularly noticeable amonij
the New York bankers, who are pleased with- the unex
pected abundance of money and the cheerful trade re
ports, coming in from all over the country. Private re
ports received in this city last, week from the best posted
operators in Wall street said that the stock market" was
in splendid condition, and were it not for the Eastern
war clouds would doubtless be active and at higher quo
tations than those now prevailing. But the Eastern
complications are delaying the reaction which everybody
thinks is coming by leading the general public to "hold
aloof, expecting that a formal declaration of war will
cause a transitory decline in, stocks, thus presenting them
an opportunity to step in and buy for the rise which
would probably follow the first decline. As long as' the
war situation .hangs as a menace over the market the
much desired and expected reaction cannot very, well
take place. ; ! .;¦ ¦"'
The industrial situation is. showing some improvement
and the favorable statements from the different lines
outnumber the unfavorable ones. The iron and steel
trade is showing more life and "a gradual resuscitation
from the depression of the past six; months. : The read
justment of wage schedules to a lower plane went into
effect January 1 with practically no friction whatever,
and the output of the crude material seems to be increas
ing again. The decline in this branch of the industry
was very severe, the production falling off from the high
water mark of 20,000,000 tons to 12,000,000 tons, the nor
mal quantity being about 17,000,000 tons. Many plants
have resumed operations and a better demand for^ struc
tural material is reported, while the decline in quota
tions seems checked for the moment at least.
The textiles, however, are not making as good a show
ing as iron and steel at the moment. Lower prices are
quoted for new lines of woolens, which is an undisguised
disappointment to the trade. The cotton industry is still
seriously hampered by the unsettled prices for the raw
material, fluctuations being sharp and frequent and every
day or so severe. This of course renders manufacturers
very cautious in buying and also tends to keep the whole
sale merchants out of the market except to fill immediate
wants, such as keeping up assortments, etc.
ing' instead of putting it out," in order to continue in em
ployment. "~
At the end, of the'season expert and disinterested men,
familiar with the burned region, were employed to re
port the loss caused by the year's fires. They have just
reported that the loss is $813,664, a sum, that I would
have kept the forestry school going for several genera
tions, and would have supplied therefrom expert fores
ters to guard again st fire, who would not have spread
it for the sake of employment.
New York is now -figuring up her. gains by deserting
the school of forestry, and the people are again demand
ing protection of the fertility of their soil and 'the flow
of. their streams by proper official action.
But when will California get awake to the importance,
of. her* own forests? . At present they are deserted by the
State. In some years the fire losses have run into the
millions. "After us, the drought and desert" seems to
have been the sentiment of our people. VVe need-for
estry schools in our universities, to supply trained men.
We need a Forestry Commission composed of such
men. We need every care and protection that can be
given to our forests. Will we get it?
Policeman Shannon, a brawny blue
coat on the Oakland force, hasn't re
covered from the shock yet. It was
all because he tried to hold up a be
lated pedestrian, who proved to be a
deaf mute and couldn't respond to the
demands of the insistent patrolman
who had stopped the silent wayfarer
during an early morning watch.
Shannon saw the object of his watch
ful vigil for night prowlers walking
rapidly along the street. The police
rules require that belated citizens
shall be v stopped and unless satisfac
tory reply be given the accosted per
son must be sent to police headquar
ters for investigation. The rule main
tains for the proper lookout at night
for suspicious characters. So Shan
non hailed his . man. No response.
Again did the patrolman give hail.
Again was there no sign. Quickening
his gait he speeded after the disap
pearing figure. Another call and only
an echo of the bluecoat's cry respond
ed. The silent figure still swung on
its way, heedless of al! effort to attract
him.
"I wonder if the man's a. rogue or
crazy," thought Shannon hustling
along and getting close enough to
catch a good grip on the unresponsive
pedestrian's shoulder.
With a grunt of surprise the held-up
citizen stopped and tried to escape
from the heavy clutch. This only
aroused Shannon's suspicions.
"Oh, no, my boy. I have you now,
and you'll tell who you are before you
get away," declared Shannon.
Not a murmur from the now thor
oughly excited man.
"Who are you?" demanded the pa
trolman.
Not a word.
For ten minutes Shannon struggled.
The mute made signs and almost frac
tured his fingers trying to enlighten
the patrolman. . At last he managed to
get a bit cf paper and a pencil. In the
flicker of the street light he wrote:
"I'm dumb."
"I'm r** ejaculated Shannon, as
he dropped his hold and went about
face to the other end, of his beat.
The Mute.
"After ten or fifteen hours the boxes
are turned upside down, the blocks of
starch fall out to be sliced Into smaller
blocks, which go Into ovens, where the
moisture is evaporated. The crust
which forms over the blocks is scraped
off with knives, leaving hard blocks of
starch. The starch is again subjected
to a drying heat, and finally is ready
to be packed. The fine starch of the
best grade is pulverized and becomes
'corn starch' for cooking purposes,
and the other"~grades are packed sep
arately into boxes ready for shipment.
So you see, after all, It is a simple
matter to make starch— all you need
is a good deal of money to start with.
The consumption increases yearly, so
you need not fear being without a mar
ket."
than the water and dissolved gluten,
gradually get to. the bottom and stick
to the slate, and at night, when the
flow is over/ the troughs are covered
with wet starch, snow white, from four
inches thick at the head, graduating to
a mere film at the foot. The next
morning the starch, is shoveled on to
wide belts, which convey it to cement
cisterns, where it is agitated again
with cold water and then pumped into
settling tanks. This process is repeated
several times, and then the mixture
goes into the separating tubs, where
the several grades of starch arrange
themselves in layers, the poorest and
lightest being at the top. Each grade
is drawn off and the starch goes into
boxes, which ar« lined with loose pieces
of unbleached muslin. The meshes of
the fabric are too small to allow the
starch to escape, so that only the water
is drained off. . '
SPRING TRADE OPENING EARLY."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALU MONDAY, JANUARY 18, 1904. '
T H E SAN F m :$i NCI SCO; GA LL
JOHN D. s SPRECKELS, Proprietor . . ..... ... Address Afl Commtmiations to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Office ; . . . . . . ~ <^^^^^^J> .'....«•• -Third and Market Streets, S. F.
MONDAY .'. ........::......:. ...I ;................. JANUARY 18. 1904
6
INSTRUCTIVE STUDIES
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMEN
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMESActivity of the People
Is Manifested in
Promotion.
Glass to Cover the Wine Tanks.
SANTA ROSA. Jan. 17.— The Italian
Swiss Agricultural Colony, of which
P. C. Rossi and Andrea Sbarboro of
San Francisco are president and secre
tary respectively, are carrying out some
important improvements at their mam
moth winery and cellars at Astl. Thess
consist of encaslnsr some of their. wine
tanks in glass with an outer surface
of cement. This is the most sanitary
measure known of keeping wine and
may be adapted for all the wineries of
the Italian- Swiss colony.
Imperial Intends to Incorporate.
SAN DIEGO, Jan. 17.— E. F. Howe,
editor of the Imperial Press on the
desert side of the county, brings word
that Imperial Is about to start the ma
chinery of the law so that the town
may incorporate as a city of the sixth
class. The first steps will have to be
taken by the Board of Supervisors.
There will be about 70,000 acres of land
under cultivation this- year and there
will be big grain shipments to come
cut. The work of grading foF the Im
perial-Hoiton electric railroad has al
ready commenced and the Southern Pa
cific will soon, be grading for its exten
sion from Imperial to Calexico.
OAKLAND, Jan. 17.— Alameda Coun
ty has the greatest amount of high
school facilities of any county in tha
State. This has been proven by the fig
ures In the apportionment of the ap
propriation for the support of polytech
nic and high schools. The report^ of
State Superintendent of Schools Kirk
shows that $164,093 38 was raised by the
tax of IVi per cent, and of this sum
Alameda County receives $19,214 94, San
Francisco County $13,939 12 and Los
Angeles County $18,026 01.
In Alameda County the average daily
attendance is 2096, in San Francisco
County 2158 and in Los Angeles County
1591
This is the' first year that the poly
technic and high schools have ever re
ceived any aid from the State govern
ment, v ;"
ALAMEDA COUNTY RECEIVES
LARGEST APPROPRIATION
SAN MATEO'S GROWTH.
The San Mateo Times says that
"while San Ma'teo County is one of the
smallest counties in the State it is
one of the most prosperous. The
population has increased more in the
last three years than in any decade
previously, and is conservatively es
timated at 15,000 as against 12,094 in,
1900. While this -increase has been,
in a measure, distributed throughout
the county, it has been largest at^San
Mateo and on the northern bay bor
der. The proportionate increase in
wealth is even greater. The assessed
valuation for 1903 is In round numbers
$19,000,000, an increase of more than
$2,000,000 in one year.
"A consolidated statement from all
the builders shows that about $410,
000 has been invested in new build
ings during the year in San Mateo
city and immediate environs. The ad
vantages of this county as a suburban
residential section have become so ob
vious that hundreds are moving. here
from the more congested cities about
the bay. Many whose business is in
San Francisco prefer a short ride by
railway to boat travel across the bay.
"Projected improvements for next
year indicate that the growth will be
much greater than this. Among the
enterprises about to be closed is one
for a large tourist hotel, plans for
which have been drawn. Opportu
nities for sudden fortune or the rapid
accumulation of great wealth are rare
in San Mateo County, but there are
scores of industries whereby men of
average ability and small means may
earn a competency. The county sup
ports but twenty-seven indigents.
"Its location and transportation
facilities, however, pre-eminently
adapt this county to -the needs of a
suburban population, and in time the
entire country adjacent to the railway
lines will be filled with the overflow
from San Francisco." J.
PAYS UP ITS DEBT.
The ¦ Tulare Register reports that
the Tule River Irrigation District id
now practically free from debt. All
the bonds, with the exception of
about $2000. have been surrendered.
The canceled bonds will be destroyed
at Woodville.. ,
"The Woodville people were highly
elated when they learned that $96,600
of the bonds had [ been canceled and
made harmless," says the Register.
"It was a very hard struggle with
nearly all of them to raise the neces
sary amount to pay their share of the
big tax, but they met the issue brave
ly and they conqured. Land titles
have been made transferable and
homeseekers canJbe guaranteed free
dom from bonded indebtedness. The
Tule River district country ought, and
doubtless will, from now on progress
steadily with other parts of the coun
ty and valley. A boom need not b*
looked for, but confidence has been
restored and there will be a growth."
took the contract for cleaning the
streets of the. entire city for one year.
As the appropriation- by the city was
not sufficient to perform- the work un
der the new system, which was pro
posed, the association .called upon il«
members and the public for subscrip
tions to pay the additional cost for a
six months' experiment. Nearly $30,000
was secured and the streets were for
the first time cleaned and the business
district was kept clean. The experi
ment was so successful that the city
willingly accepted the association's
specifications when the next contract
was let and provided sufficient funds
¦for continuing the system.
PRACTICAL MEASURES.
Street sprinkling was next taken up
by the association. Formerly the only
sprinkling done was performed by a
few private contractors, who undertook
to sprinkle certain blocks or portions
of blocks in front of the stores of
those merchants who would pay for the
service. This, of course, was very un
satisfactory. No uniform sprinkling
was done. In some cases, If a mer
chant subscribed and his neighbors on
each side did not, only the street in
front of him was sprinkled and he re
ceived the dust from both sides.
The association undertook to have
the streets of Uie business district uni
formly sprinkled at the expense of the
city. In order to determine the best
method of sprinkling the various pave
ments, the association, at its own ex
pense, hired sprinkling carts and
sprinkled a number- of streets for a
month. The results were embodied in
a set of specifications for street sprink
ling which were accepted by the Board
of Public Works and the work has been
carried on by the city ever since.
In order to hasten, the removal of
cobble pavements on' many business
streets which were Injured by such
rough pavements, the association in
duced the property owners to subscribe
one-half the cost of the work of re
paving a number of such blocks, on
condition that the city would pay the
«ther half df the cost. Portions of
Kearny, from Market to California;
Geary, from Market to Powell; Stock
ton, from Market to Sutter; Post, from
Market ; to Stockton; Fourth, from
Market to Mission, and various other
blocks were, in this way, repaved'Avith
modern pavements a long time before
the work would otherwise have been
done. • .
LIGHTING,. THE STREETS.
In order to demonstrate the advan
tages of lighting the retail business
streets by electricity instead of the
ordinary gas lamps, the association un
dertook to light for six months a num
ber of these streets by suspending an
electric arc light over the center of
each crossing and in the biddle of each
block. - ' *
The. expense of the experiment v was
about • $15,000. which was paid for by
a popular subscription by merchants
and property owners along the streets
so lighted, The association then pre
sented to the Supervisors a complete
plan for lighting in this manner all of
the business sections of the city and
the results of the experimental light
ing* having been so successful, the Su
pervisors : adopted the association's
plan. , .:
CHEAP PARK BUSES.
;. While -doing the street cleaning, the
association .became convinced that the
street sweeping, which formerly had
been dumped on low lying - grounds,
would be a valuable fertilizing material
for Golden Gate Park. Plans were'ac
cordingly made for a system of bunkers
in . which the sweepings could be de
posited by the teams hauling them from
the : streets, -and arrangements made
to have ..them hauled to Golden Gate
Park in electric cars, the! Park Com
missioners paying the transportation.
The bunkers were constructed at Elev
enth ; and Bryant streets by the Icity
and over i 3000 . cubic l yards of " valuable
fertilizing material are now sent to the
park each -month instead of being
wasted on ,the; public dumps, as' was
formerly the, case.
: While, 'the superintendent of the as
sociatlori was investigating for the as-
sociatiou municipal improvements in
the principal Eastern cities, ;his atten
tion was attracted by the cheap public
conveyances in use at Niagara Falls
and Belle Isle Park, Detroit. Upon his
return, he recommended the establish
ment of a similar system at Golden
Gate Park. In conjunction with the
Park Commission, a route, covering
about four miles and embracing the
principal features of the park, was laid
out and arrangements were made with
a local carriage company to run one
or more large wagonettes regnlarly
over this route for a fare of only 10
cents for each passenger. Stop-over
tickets were issued which permitted
passengers to stop at various points of
interest and finish the trip in any sub
sequent wagonette, without extra
charge.
The cheap bus system has been a great
benefit. Besides being used by many
tourists, it has enabled hundreds of
poor people, particularly women and
children, to enjoy the park in a way
that %vould otherwise be denied them.
It had .been frequently noticed that
when large parades were held here the
police force, unaided, were not able to
restrain the crowds suffici'ntly to pre
vent the parade from being obstructed.
The Merchants' Association undertook
to solve this problem, believing that if
some means could be found by which
the streets could be kept entirely clear
during parades an extra inducement
would be offered for holding • inven
tions in San Francisco.
A scheme was accordingly devised of
sinking in the pavement along the curb
conical iron sockets, with caps flush
with the street surface, into which
wooden, posts could be Inserted and
wire ropes stretched when parades
were to be held.
For the purpose of furnishing an ob
ject lesson of the benefits of this
scheme, the association, at Its own ex
pense, equipped both sides of Market
street from the ferries to Van Ness av
enue with these metal sockets and the
necessary wooden posts. The cost was
about $1100, and the appliances were
presented to the city. The plan was
found to .work so well that the city sub.
sequently equipped, in a similar man
ner, the regular, line of parades on
Montgomery street, Kearny street and
Van Ness avenue.
TAKING DOWN WIRES.
The association, in conjunction. with
the chief of* the Department of Elec
tricity and the various electrical com
panies,^prepared an ordinance requir
ing the removal of all poles and over
head wires, except trolley poles and
wires, from the business districts of
the city within a fixed period of time.
An agreement was also secured from
all companies having overhead wires,
that they would comply with the terms
of the ordinance without opposition,
and the wires are now underground in
half of the district prescribed.
Another important improvement ef
fected by the association was the pas
sage of an ordinance requiring that
grooved girder rails should be used in
the construction or reconstruction of
all street railway tracks after January
1, 1903. These rails have recently been
laid on Third street. .
To prevent the streets from being
disfigured with unsightly advertising
signs, projecting over sidewalks and at
the same time to: give merchants tho
legal right to use such signs as were
necessary . in, their business, the asso
ciation prepared and securer the pas
sage of .an ordinance prescribing ex
actly what classes of signs could be
used and under what conditions. All
merchants now • have _ equal privileges
and % the ordinance has given general
satisfaction, besides greatly improving
the appearance of the streets.
AN ISLE OF -.SAFETY.
For the purpose of providing for the
safety and , convenience of pedestrians
boarding street cara on Market street
in front of L.otta*s ; Fountain, the as
sociation- constructed at this point an
isle of safety, consisting of a long, nar
row cement platform,, with ornamental
stone buffers and seats at each end,
where, people could wait in safety until
their" cars* arrived. ' The station * cost
$561. 'The expense was borne by the
To-day there are 1305 public spirit
ed business firms enrolled as members
of the Merchants' Association, all
united in an earnest endeavor to im
prove San Francisco. The success of
an organization is determined by
what it accomplishes. Not only must
it do things, but some of them at
least must be of a physical character,
visible, and a direct benefit to its
members or the community, or the
interest of its membership will wane
and the usefulness of the organization
be lessened and eventually ended.
Various authorities on municipal
affairs throughout the United States
have fre4uently quoted the Merchants'
Association of San Francisco as one
of the most successful organizations
of its kind. The long life and steady
growth of the association would
seem to bear out these statements..
TEX ACTIVE YEARS.
On AdH1 15 of the present year the
Merchants' Association will be ten
years old. It was organized in 1894
with 47 members. The first year the
membership increased to 214, the sec
ond year to 406, the third year to 817,
the fourth to 953, the fifth to 1061,
the sixth to 1191. the seventh to 1289.
Such steady increase in membership
for a period of ten years could be se
cured in only two ways. The associa
tion must have had the confidence of
the community in regard to its pur
poses and management a«d it must
have succeeded in doing something.
The various boards of directors have
all felt that for the Merchants' Asso
ciation to fill the position in the com
munity which it should, it was not
sufficient simply to pass resolutions
calling attention to things which
should be done, but the association
must take hold and itself make im
provements.
Recognizing the fact that San Fran
cisco is at a distance from other large
cities and therefore not in close touch
with them in their prog
ress, -the association in 1898 sent its
superintendent on an extended trip
through Eastern cities to investigate
their municipal improvements- for the
purpose of seeing what other i cities
were doing in that direction and what
hints San Francisco could take from
their experience. His trip covered a
number of weeks, during which time
the principal Eastern cities were visit
ed, their municipal officials inter
viewed, and their methods studied.
Valuable experience and a great
amount of data were thus secured
which has resulted in a number of
improvements being effected in- 'this
city in its street cleaning, sprinkling,
lighting, paving, etc.
INVESTIGATES AXD ACTS..
The association almost invariably re
frains from recommending to the city
officials any particular Improvement
unless it Is satisfied from its own in
vestigations that it is practicable and
can at the same time point out how
it can* be done and if necessary fur
nish plans for doing it. The conse
quence has been that when the asso
ciation does recommend something the
officials feel assured that the matter Is
not of a trivial nature, that it has been
well considered by the directors and
that it is practical. It remains for the
officials to decide upon the policy of
acting and whether there are funds
available at that ime for carrying out
the improvement
If, as sometimes happens, funds are
not available, or an object lesson is
needed to convince the city of the ben
efit of the proposed improvement, the
association itself undertakes to perform
the work.
Thus, previous to 1894, the streets of
San Francisco were in a deplorable
condition as regards cleaning, sprink
ling and paving. The association Im
mediately after its organization took
up the question of strep* cleaning. A'
thorough Investigation convinced the
directors that; the streets never, could
be properly cleaned under the existing
system and that an entire change ; wa3
necessary. ' -
. To demonstrate the correctness of its
position and to show that . the streets
could be well cleaned the association
ENTHUSIASTIC WOMEN.
Members of Civic Improvement Club
of Marysville Improving City.
. An article prepared for The Call
appeared in this paper last Monday
morning, giving an able account of the
work of the Women's Civic Improve
ment Club of Marysville. General
participation uj the work of adorning
iind beautifying Marysville is the aim
of the improvement club. The women
who are zealously working to this end
are named as follows:
Mrs. F. W. H. Aaron. Mrs. A. Abrahams,
Mrs. A. F. Abbott, Mrs. A. H. Alderman. Mrs.
O. O. Ames Mrs. J. P. Arnoldy. Mrs. aeorge
H. Baird, Miss N. Balkwill. Miss Winifred
Bangs, Mrs. C. A.. Barnes, Mrs. Barney. Mrs.
J. H. liarr. Mrs. I. S. Belcher. Mrs. Richard
Belcher, Mrs. Carrie Berg, Mrs. Henry Berg,
Miss Annie Berg, Sister Mary Bernadine, Mrs.
A. C. Bingham. Mrs. A. J. Blnney, Mrs. J. E.
Boorman, Mrs. A. H. Boulton, Mrs. Agnes
Bowen, Mrs. Elizabeth H. Bradley, Miss Eva
Bradley, Mrs. Joseph J. Brass, Mrs. Evelyn J.
Brill, Mrs. M. T. Brittan. Mrs. C. S. Brooks,
Mrs. A. L. Biown, Miss Nellie Brophy, Mrs.
M F. Broxvn, Mrs. W. R. Brown, Mrs. Mary
Bryden, Miss Bryden. Mrs. Cline Bull, Mrs.
P. L. Cardcn. Miss Alice Carden, Mrs. W. H.
Carlin, Mrs. W. K. Carpenter, Mrs. J. S. Cham
bers, Mrs. M. S. Chandon, Mrs. Fred Chase,
Mrs. Thomas Chase, Mrs. Helman Cheim, Mrs.
J. J. Cohen, Mrs. I. G. Cohen, Mrs. Julia Cole
man. Mrs. H. T. Collins, Mrs. Dora Coombs,
Mrs. Joseph E. Coombs, Miss Coombs. Mrs.
Harold Cornforth. Miss Cornforth. Mrs. E.
Amelia Coult, Miss Eva Crane, Miss/ Mamie
Cull. Mrs. John Cunningham. Mrs. Marshall
Diggs, Mrs. F. W. Davenport. Miss Amy Da
vidson. Mrs. F. H. Day. Mrs. Peter Delay,
Mrs. Louise Derrickson. Mrs. Edwin A. Davis,
Mrs. J. F. Eastman. Mre. George R. Eckart,
Mrs. William T. EM?, Mrs. William T. Ellis
Jr., Mrs. J. K. P. Elwell. Mrs. Peter Engel.
Mrs. William Englund. Mrs. Samuel Ewell,
MIbs Featherly, Mrs. David Fetrow, Miss May
Fisher. Mrs. M. T. Flanigan, Mrs. P. J. Flan
nery, Mrs. Max Flentge, Mrs. Ed Follansbee,
Mrs. E. A, Forbes. Mrs. J. Rupert Foster. Mrs.
A. Frank. Mrs. Henry Frohn, Mrs. A. O. Frye,
Mrs. M. Frank. Mrs. J. R. Garrett, Miss Maude
Garvey. Mrs. William Gern, Mrs. J. C. Gilles
ple, Mrs. R. E. Gllman. Mrs. M. Goldstein,
Mrs. F. D. Gordon. Mrs. Fred M. Greely, Mrs.
Justus J. Greely, Mrs. J. W. Greely, Mrs. Nel
lie Grlbner. Miss Ella Garcia.
Mrs. William Hagerty. Mrs. John Hale,
Miss Hale. Mrs. O. W. Hall. Mrs. C. C.
Hampton. Miss Hampton. Mrs. F. W. Han
son, Mrs. Sumner Harkey. Mrs. George YV.
Harney. Mrs. Allen Harris, Mrs. Ktmria Hap
good, Mrs. Joseph Haugh. Mrs. T. M. Haw
lejr, Mrs. Paul Heilman. Mrs. Geo'rRC F. Her
zog. Mrs. L«ulse Heuer. Miss Hewitt. Mrs.
Charles Hester. Mrs. Joseph Meyl. Miss Hazel
Heyl, Miss Daisy Heyl. Mrs. J. IT. Hoffstetter.
Mrs. George Holland. Mr». J. L. Howard. Mrs.
Margaret Harney, Mi?s Harney, Miss Kstella
Howser, Mrs. K. H. Hudson. Mrs. Henry
Ifyman, Mrs- A. C. Irwln, Mrs. Stanley
Jewett. Mrs. F. W. Johnson. Mrs. H. Juch,
Mrs. S. D. Johnson. Mrs. H. D. King, Mrs.
Joseph Karoly. Mrs. A. B. Karr, Mrs. M.
Katzner, Miss KHa Kelley. Ming Kertchem,
Mrs. C. B. Kimball, Mrs. C. Klockenbaum.
MIks JesMe Klockenbaum. Mrs. Philip C.
Knapp. MiE* Korb. Mrs. William F. Kelley,
Mrs. John Learmont. Mrs. S. Lewek, Mrs.
Walter Lewis. Mrs. A. P. Llpp, Mrs. Frank
L'rip. Mrs. Margaret Lopez, Miss Julia Lopez,
Miss Manraret Lowery. Mrs. J. C. Lumbard,
Miss Lydon. M<ss Kadic Lewek. Mrs. J.
Lazarus, Miss Nettle Maben, Miss Jessie
Mabcn. Mrs. Amelia Marcuse, Mrs. M. A.
Marcuse. Mrs. Henry Marcuse. Miss Annie
Matti. Mrs. C. J. McCoy. Mrs. K. J. Mc-
Crcady. Mrs. E. P. McDanicl Mrs. Hugh Me-
Guire, MtM Ella McGulre. MIsk Norah Mc-
Gulre. Mrs. G. L. Mclnto^h. Miss Anna Mc-
Kenney. Mim Emma McKenney. Mrs. J. R.
Meek Miss Bertha Menz, Mrs. Andrew Meyer,
Miss Zetta Meyer. Mrs. Joseph Meyers, Mrc.
A B. Miller, Miss Emma Miller. Mrs. iF. R.
Mitchell Mrs. J. W. Mock. Mrs. F. B. Moors.
Mrs E B Morse. Mrs. Lee Murphy. Miss Lulu
Murphy. Mrs. Clara Morgan, Mr*. Christopher
Meyer.
Mir. A. M. Nash. Mrs. N. V. Nelson, Mm.
L H Newbert. Mrs. Thomas O'Brlenj Miss
Nellie O"Brien. Mrs. L. H. Parks. Mrs. J. S.
Peterson. Miss Mamie Peterson. Mrs. George
W Pine. Mr*. W. H. Plymire, Mrs. David
Powell Mrs. n. Pozzi. Mrs. G. W. Peacock,
«Mre. George Peyser, Mrs. W. H. Richardson,
Mrs' N. V Rldeout. Mrs. Conine Rideout,
Mrs." Fred Roberts, Mr*. C. C. Rubel, Mre. G.
C Rubel, Mr*. W. W. Russcl. Miss Sanderson,
Mrs Irwln Saylen. Mrs. Jacob Schimpf, Miss
Annie Fchlmpf. Mrs. R. Schneider. Mrs. J. A.
Kcott MIb« Carrie Seiber. Mrs. Henry Selber,
Mrs. 'Joseph Shaffer. Mrs. U. R. Simons, Mm.
R. TV. Skinner, Mrs. N. J. Sllcar. Mrs. Dora
Smith. Mrs. C: S. Smith. Miss Irene Smith,
Mrs. R. G. Stanwood, Miss Ftanwood, Mm.
John W. 1 Steward. MIrs Stone, Mrs. G. W.
Stratton. Mrs. Jane A. Swety, Mrs. J. P.
Swift Mrs. S. B. Swift. Mm. Martin Sullivan,
Mrs *W. C. Swain. Miss .Alice Swain, Miss
Klizabeth Swain. Mr*. J. F. Tapley, Mrs.
Oeonre C. Thompson. Mrs. Jane Tomb. Mleq
Tomb. Mm. J. R. Traynor. Mrs. W. L.. Vance.
Mrs George II. Vos*. Mrc N. Waldron, Miss
M?y WaMron. Mrs. Ivor Wallis. Mrs. L. A.
Walton Miss Gertrude Webber. Mm. A. Well,
Mrs. A. H. White. Mrs. A. K. White, Mrs.
Kspie White. Mrs. John C. White, Mrs. R. E.
Whitney. Mrs. L. C. Williams. Mrs. T. J..Wil
liams, Misa Annie Woodruff. Mrs. K. S. Wright.
Mrs. O. W. Webber. Miss Elaine Wilbur; Mrs.
S. - J. Tore. Mrs. Nellie Young, Mr* Frank
Zumwalt. '
BY. L. M. KING, SECRETARY OF MERCHANTS' ASSOCIATION.
Physical Betterments Lead to Comfort and Well-Being of the Inhabitants
and Add Attractions to Leading City of California.
ILLUSTRATIONS OF SOME OF THE PRACTICAL ACHIEVEMENTS OF THE MERCHANTS AND A GLIMPSE
OF TELEGRAPH HILL AS IT MAY BE IMPROVED IN PURSUANCE OF PLANS THAT HAVE SANCTION
OF LARGE BODY OF CITIZENS.
association, and the station was pre
.sented to the "city.
The convenience of the station wa3
immediately apparent and probably no
one thing accomplished by the associa
tion benefits so many people every day
in the^year as this. The object lesson
accomplished the "purpose intended and
the city is preparing to construct a
similar station at the intersection of
Market and Powell streets, while the
property owners in the vicinity of Mar
ket and Fourth streets are about to
build one at that point.
Probably the greatest and most nec
essary improvement made by the Mer
chants' Association was the construc
tion of the free public convenience sta
tion at Union Square. The need for
public lavatories in San * Francisco
has been l«cig felt. The association for
years urged that they be constructed.
"While the need for such conveniences
was acknowle'dged, no definite action
by the city authorities was secured.
; The association finally determined that
it would itself construct one as an ob
ject t lesson. Accordingly a modern
double underground public convenience
station for both men and women was
constructed by the association at an
expense of $5200, beneath the sidewalk
adjacent to Union Square on Stockton
street and was formally presented to
the city several months ago.
The Park Commissioners agreed to
provide attendants and to properly
care fo: the station. The need for such
a convenience was aemonstrated at
once. The average attendance in both
departments is about 1500 per day. The
stations are equipped in the most san
itary manner and are furnished with
electric lights and ventilating fans.
Soap, towels, etc., are furnished free.
The above shows some of the prin
cipal physical or visible improvements
which the Merchants' Association has
actually constructed. Many other less
visible improvements have been also
secured. Many minor matters come up
and are disposed of almost as a matter
of routine and are never noticed by
the public at large or by the members
of the association, unless they happen
to be directly affected. All taken to
gether, however, assist in Improving
the city and its government and there
by the comfort and happiness of its
..people, and .thus justify the continued
existence of the association.
ing to induce new industries to come
to Mountalrf View.
The San Jose News say$:
The Pajaro Board of Trade has declined to
exhibit "at St. Louis in a district composed of
the counties of Santa Cruz Monterey and
San Luis Obispo The Pajaro board will ex
hibit its products in thi- California State
buiidin; and as a part of the exhibits of this
t-'tate. It is underrtood that the counties of
Bar. Luis Obispo and Monterey will form a
district of their own, and commence forward
ing their exhibits at once, they having pre
pared, or in course of preparation, some 400
exhibits.
The Santa Rosa Democrat says that
the Sonoma County oBard of Trade in
tends to enlarge its sphere of useful
ness during the present year, advertis
ing all sections of Sonoma. The Dem
ocrat reports that during the past year
Secretary Luce answered 15,000 letters
from persons asking information con
cerning Sonoma County. Mr. Luce sent
out 8000 copies of the Sonoma County
Board of Trade Journal and other lit
erature. He also contributed fifteen
articles embodying statistics regarding
the products of "the county. These arti
cles were furnished to the United States
Department of Agriculture at Washing
ton, the State Department and to dif
ferent publications."
Men and Women Give
Time and Labor for
Public Good.
The development of this State must
largely depend upon combined effort.
This fact is clearly seen and the result
is the formation of many improvement
clubs, boards of trade, chambers of
commerce and kindred organizations
for the purpose of taking the steps
best calculated to effect an advance. It
is observable, and this should be un
derstood fully by the strangers who are
looking Into matters connected with
California, that the cities and the in
terior towns are alike eagerly striving
to improve their conditions.
Much space is given this morning to
an admirable review by L. M. King,
secretary and superintendent for the
Merchants' Association of San Fran
cisco, of the physical betterments that
the association has been instrumental
in instituting in San Francesco. The
association has also had a strong effect
on legislation and excellent measures
are justly credited to it.
Considerable space is also devoted
to-day to some account of the doings
of organizations in the Interior that are
devoting their efforts to - upbuilding
their respective sections. The people of
the State will see in these organiza
tions and In their acts signs of ccrnlng
great gcod to the commonwealth.
During the last week an organization
has been formed in San Francisco to
be known as- "The Association for the
Improvement and Adornment of San
Francisco." This association has a
wide programme, included in which is
much that is utilitarian as well as or
namental. An executive committee
has been appointed, which consists of
ex-Mayor Phelan, "W. A. Irwin, "William
Greer Harrison, Allan Pollok. 5\ W.
Dohrmann and Herbert E. Law.
Another indication of enterprise that
has come to the front in San Francisco
In the week just closed is r. proposi
tion that has been formally Indorsed
by the directors of the Merchants' As
sociation and California Promotion
Committee for holding a world's fair
in San Francisco in 1S13. This matter
in San Francisco in 1913.
IMPROVEMENTS IX INTERIOR,
The Butte County Farmer says that
sufficient acreage has been pledged to
insure the actual beginning of work
or the proposed irrigating canal fcr
Butte County.
The Richmond Record says that the
Standard Oil Company will construct
100 tanks on the Ian", recently* pur
chased near San Pablo.
The San Bernardino Times reports
that the tax delinquency of San Ber
nardino is leas than 5 per cent.
According to the Mendocino Beacon,
the December shipments of lumber
from Mendocino Coun.ty to San Fran
cisco amounted to 8.049,602 feet, and
also 1,000,000 shingles and 60.000 ties.
Monterey and Del Monte school dis
tricts will build a high school.
The Modesto Herald says that forty
acres will be planted to Calimyrna figs
in the Westport district.
According tc> the Red Bluff. People's
Cause, water for irrigation purposes
will flow through the Central Canal
Company's irrisration ditch in May. It
will irrigate lands in Glenn, Colusa and
Yolo counties.
The Santa Rosa Hepublican.says that
the electric road system may be ex
tended to the ocean at Bodega Bay.
The Napa Register reports that the
Napa woolen mills will again be oper
ating soon.
The Treka Journal reports that tho
new water works at Yreka are suc
cessful. The water has a fall of 19S
feet from the reservoir.
The Pasadena News says that $32,000
was received from the sale of celery
shipped to December/ 1. Vl/
The Newman Index says that the
dairy Industry at Newman last year
returned $315,000.
According to the Modesto Herald the
owners will rebuild the flumes of the
La Grange ditch and will install an
electric light and power plant to oper
ate dredgers.
The Dixon Tribune reports that the
land owners of the Egbert land dis
trict will rebuild levees for the protec
tion of many thousand acres of val
uable land.
The machinery for a new gas plant
has been sent to San Luis Obispo.
The Paso Robles Improvement Club,
so says the Tribune, has through It9
secretary r sent out a set «f carefully
compiled auestions to all the farmers
in the county to secure accurate in
formation that will be of value in ad
vertising the county.
The Nevada County Promoticin Com
mittee has voted to erect at Colfax a
quartz monument, the material to be
supplied by the Seitiright mine. Tho
committee met with representatives of
the County Supervisors to discuss
measures to advertise the county.
Oeorgre Madeira, reported that the col
lection of Nevada County ores that
had been gathered to send to the St.
Louis Exposition amounted to two
tons, and that Ne\rida County would
furnish more specrmens that any other
county in California. A mineral ex
liihit in the co'or»ty courthouse was au
thorized. A of.mmittee to collect an
exhibit of pnjducts of Nevada County
for the St. l'<puis Exposition was ap
pointed, the members of which are \V.
F. Eng!elir',£ht. Dr. A. H. Tickell. J. J.
Jackson, . 'Frank Duimaine, W. K. Par
eons an£ Dr. E. Jameson. A booklet
¦will be issued by the Nevada County
Promgr'».ion Committee to describe the
county's resources. Y»\ H. Martin has
been selected as chairman of the coun
ty's mineral display committee.
MANY BODIES COXCERXED.
The preamble and resolutions adopt
ed at Marypville in indorsement of the
efforts of the Sacramento Valley De
velopment Association to make a good
display of the resources of the Sacra
mento Valley at St. Louis were as fol
lows:
Whereas. The Sacramento Valley ,Develop-
T»ent Association has prejiared a comprehensive
exhibit cf the products of the Sacramento Vel
*ey for th* Louisiana Purchase Exposition at
I»'t. Louis; and.
Whereas, The proper installation and main
tenance of this exhibit will be of great value to
the many interest* of the valley; therefore.
rtesclred. By the citizens of Yuba and Sut-
t counties, in m»ts meeting assembled, with
the Chamber of Commerce cf Maryevllle the
Gutter County Hoard of Trade, boards of eu
ix:rviscrs cf Yuta and Suiter counties, t,he Civic
Council of Marysvule and the Women's Civic
improvement Club of Marysville at the city
cf Marysvil'.e. January 9, UKU. that we heartily
indorse the efforts ot the Sacramento Valley
I>eveK>pment Association and asU the financial
f^Pl*yr% of the boards of Supervisors business
mer. and citizens generally for the installation
aqa maintenance of the exhibit.
W. A. Beard, secretary of the Sac
ramento Valley Derelopment Associa
tion, tells the Sacramento Bee that
•"Redding is enjoying an era of growth
such as comes to few cities of its size.
I was told that the population is now
less than 4000, but the new buildings
indicate a city of many thousand in
habitants. A $20,000 hotel is considered
a. prize by most towns of that size,
but liedding has one that cost $75,000.
This was lately completed, and is but
one of several fine buildings erected
there curing the past two years. Oth
ers are a $40,000 hi?h school building.
a $20,000 grammar school, a $2000 pri
mary school, a $10,000 library, business
T-.uildings that cost ?:S,000, J18.000 and
S12.0C0. besides several smaller blocks
and numerous residences costing from
iZOOQ down.
"The building era is accompanied by
<l campaign of civic improvements that
would do credit to a much larger city.
A rock-crusher has been purchased by
the city fathers and the streets are be
ir.g macadamized. The work is being
done scientifically, official grades being
fixed and the roadways thoroughly
prepared for the coating of rock. A
drain sewer is being built to carry off
surplus rain water, and still other im
provements are contemplated. All this
improvement betoken/; a high degree
of prosperity, and it is largely due to
the rapid development of the mining
and electrical pow*>r industries about
Redding and throughout the tributary
region.
The Woman's Improvement Club of
N'epa has filled vacancies in office by
electing Mrs, *F. L. Coombs and Miss
Mary Buck/py as vice presidents and
Mrs. E. Q., Ularke as secretary.
ADVERTISING THE LAND.
The S^n Diego Union gives an ac
count K>'t the annual meeting of the
San T&z£Q Chamber of Commerce, pub
lish'/)'^ the address of President Fre
vevt. in full and also the report of Sec
retary H. P. Wood. The secretary re
ined concerning the efforts of San
'TDieto to become better known, as fol
lows:
During the year ju^t passed 40,000 pieces of
literature were distributed by mail and ex
press, reaching every part of the United States
as well as many foreign countries. Thirty
thousand additional pieces of advertising mat
ter were given out in the office to inquirers
tn perron. Some 2500 letters were written, and
•risrtnsr the same period fully r»o,000 people vis
ited the exhibit rooms in th Chamber or Com
merce, which nlwayr present a clean end at
tractive appearance and afford a striking ob
ject lesson of the varied products of the
county. The collection cf minerals found In
this eectlnu i* b*iner constantly enlarged, the
«3i*piay of citru* fruits is always complete,
nnd at the present time the showing of apples
frr-.ro Julian. Descsnso, Mesa tirande and Es
«x>ndido will ompare with anything to be
found in that line throughout California.
The Los Angeles Chamber of Com
rr.f-ree has moved into its new quarters.
The offices are attractive to the East
ern, visitor. The Ims Angeles Herald
' Th<; n /' w r«*n'ral offices of the chamber will
Be to the ripht of the main entrance on the
#*-con<i floor of the new buiMins. KOinK in by
the grand staircase. Secretary Frank Wig
rin s office will be one of the handsomest
room* in the Entire structure It is a preat
bU? room with & fror.rairc- on Rroxdway. It Is
to be finished with a base of dark olive rreen
and walls and criling of dark ox-h!ood color.
The curtains will be of olive erren and the
«-«rrv r> t w!!l match the predominating colors
in the wall tin'-ing. The woodwork will be in
walnut, as throughout the building. The clerks
and etenograi/hers in Mr. Wljnjln's depart
ment will be hou(«--d in a beautiful room with
'wail? of green elate color, with carpets to
nifltch. Tl>t woodwork will be wslnut finish.
To the left of the main «=r.trence will be
the airf-'^m' room. This will be fitted and
Onirhfi in perfect tafte with new and modern
furniture and up-to-date fixtures, in keeping
wltji th« chara^tpr of the in«titutlon. Adjoin
ing this room will be another very handsome
apEitment that will be furnifched and used
Jor a ladles' reception room.
'•Dainty bm a boudoir and rich as the most
handf-ome drawing-room." Is the was- they say
It will look when the decorators and furnish
ers are through.
The predominant colors In the finish of the
main exhibit room and the gallery is mission
yellow trd walnut brown.
O3 the »allery. to the right, is the assnn
biy rooms of the chamber and one or two
STnallrr tppcisl < -xhif.il rooms. To the left are
:•;¦'<_-..-:! exhibit rooms, which will b* >i«c«l for
tie showing of the more \e:ua:;:.- end rare of
the curios and show article* used by 'the
•••hamtoer to advertise our multitudinous re
source*. The fornlEhing of these rooms will
t»e in the mission style throughout and tin
prevailing colors used will be dead black, rich
ypllow and dark red. The woodwork will b«
finished in walnut. The light fixtures of the
new rooms promise to be an attractive f*»atur»-
Tli»y were built to order on designs rurnl*he«l
by Mr. Wirsins and are made from old trace
chains secured nt the missions throughout the
6ou'hern part of the State.
The Central Coast Counties 1 Improve
ment Association will meet at Santa*
Clara on February 18. A committee of
citizens will welcome the members.
The Mountain View Board of Trade,
bo says the Mountain View Register,
has elected Walter A. Clark president;
J. S. Moekbee, first vice president;
George Parkinson second vice presi
dent, and H. G. Copeland, secretary.
The work of the coming year was dis
cussed at some length. Special stress
u to be placed upon the work of try- ,
Solid Co-operation Now
Promises Well for
Many Places.
Proposed World's Fair
Is Indorsed by
Two Bodies.
County Organizations En
tertain Projects of
Utility.
Movement Takes Shape
for Adornment of
Metropolis.
KING TELLS OF GOOD WORK OF GREAT ASSOCIATION OF SAN FRANCISCO MERCHANTS
THE SAN FRANCISCO;., CALL, .. MONDAY, ...JANUARY. 18, 1904.
7
To Prevent the Grip.
Laxative Bromo Quinine removes the cause.
To get the genuine call {or the fall name. 25c. *THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY; JANUARY 18, 1004.
8
K5IFLOYMENT^OFFICE9.j
GE^T~your"help* at PINE JAPANESE EMPLOY-
MENT OFFICE and Housecleaning Co.. lflftt
Pine, nr. Jap. M. E. Church; phone Polk 3660.
GEORGE AOKI. 421 Post st.; tel. Bush 1".5—
Japanese-Chinese employment office; fur-
nishes best help; contracts for farm help, etc
A— ORPIIEUM Employment Office— Japanese-
Chlneae- help. ' 42K Powell. Tel. Main r»752.
A — GRAND Japtnese-Chinese -Emp. Otflce. 415
Stockton: tel. Grant 16S; expert, reliable help.
SWEDISH and German Female Employment
1 Office, 115 Franklin st.: phone Fol3om 28J»>v
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice ; all kinds help. SIS Stockton; Main 518S.
CHINESE and Japanese help: estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1307. BRADLEY & CO.. ft*O Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WAMED FEMALE.
A YOUNG girl, aged 17, wants to care for one
grown child; references ; 512 a month ex-
pected. Rins up MISS PLUNKETT. Main
5472. . ,
A CAPABLE housework girl with city refer-
ences wants a place In the Mission at $25 a
month. Office open from 8:30 a. m. to 5
p. tn. Can be seen at MISS PLUNKETTS
Employment Bureau. 425 Eutter St.. near
Powell.
AN Infant's nurse, young and capable, best of
references' (German), and understands care of
infants thoroughly, wants a place at $30 »
month. Office ooen from 8:30 a. m. to J
p. m. Can be seen at MISS PLUNKETT'S
Employment Bureau, 425 Sutter St., near
Powell. , ' .
A SWEDISH girl wishes place to assist; $15
MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
YOUNG American widow. Just from the East,
desires position as housekeeper, or would take
charge of hotel or boarding-house in some
mining town or camp, city or country: horaa
more of an object than wages. Address with
stamp, MRS. DELIA Z. DOMINGO. P. O.
lockbox 2013, San Francisco. Cal.
A YOUNG woman wants work by the day,
washing, and house cleaning; $1 50; carfare. I
Address box 737, Call office. :
EXPERIENCED stenographer and typewrtt-r
wishes position. Address EMMA BROWN,
164 Fourth st. _^
A LADY piano player wants a position, city or
country. 291 Natoma St., near Fourth.
AN experienced girl wants waiting or kitchen
work In Institution. Box 306. Call.
YOUNG girl fspeaks Ger.) wishes light house-
work In refined family. Call 2831 Laguna st.
DRESSMAKER, ladies' tailor and suitmaker,
cutter and fitter; gowns made at home or en-
gagements per day; only flrst-class work
done. E. C BARSS. 129 Hyde St.. room 15;
tel. Sutter 3651.
YOUNG lady, thoroughly competent and experi-
enced stenographer and typewriter, accus-
tomed to law. Insurance and bank work, de-
sires position in or out of city; highest refer-
ences. Box 314, Call, office.
WANTED — Position by young lady: experi-
enced capable double -entry bookkeeper and
typewriter; unquestionable references. Box
388. Call office. ' ¦
POSITION- as housekeeper by Eastern lady;
thoroughly competent and reliable; no ob-
jection to children; best references. Box
393. Call office.
G"ERMAN graduated teacher wishes position
In school, or as governess or companion: also
teaches French; best of references. Address
F. H., Irvington. Alameda County.
YOUNG French girl wants position In private
family; will teach children French.. wait on
table or te chamber maid: can do embroidery
work. 1604 Point Lobos ave.
EXPERIENCED lady's nurse wishes a few
more engagements: terms. $10 to $15 a week.
Call or address MRS. WILSON. 943 Folsom
«t.. near Sixth. ; ____
A YOUNG woman with a child wishes house-
keeping: no objection to "country. Apply 177
South Park, in basement, city.
A STRONG woman wants work by day or
weekr' sleep home. Call or addi-- ¦ MRS.
NEWMAN. 320 Minna St.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call. Branch Office, cor. Duncan A Church sts.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for Th»
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister at.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED MALE.
YOUNG man, sober. Industrious, wants posi-
tion as reader and companion to gent or lady,
sick or well; a trial will prove satisfactory &
reascnsblo: knows city. Box 741, Call.
STRONG German-American girl wishes house-
work in private family; no letters answered.
7S2 Bryan St.
APPRENTICE barber, one year's experience,
wishes position. Address J. J. FARRELL,
2S19 Sixteenth st.
MIDDLE-AGED roan, speaking - English and
Italian languages, desires position as delivery
man in Oakland; understands care of horses
ani can keep books; references. Address box
1002. Call office. Oakland.
A YOUNG man reeks a situation at handling
horses; can drive all sorts of horses, vicious
or otherwise: the care of horses my spe-
cialty;- country preferred. Box 440, Call.
CARRIAGE painter, striper, letterer and fin-
isher wishes steady position; capable of fore-
manshlp. J. TOMLINSON, 423 Minna St.,
San Francisco, Cal.
BARTENDER, middle-aged- German, steady
and sober, with long experience, desires po-
sition In hotel or club; city or country. Box
412. Call office. . , '- : - v.
j SITUATION wanted by experienced designer
' and Bonaz operator; also art hand embroid-
erer, competent to take charge. Address H.
F. C. DAUBE. 125 S. Clark st.. Chicago. 111.
POSITION wanted by reliable man. with his
own help, to do the work in a dairy, orchard
or grain ranch at a monthly salary and board
himself; good references. B. C. 77 Ninth st.
WANTED — By a middle-aged man. a position
of any kind: handy with tools; can take care
of boiler or run engine, steam, or gasoline;
not afraid to work. Box 4S2, Call office.
STORE, carpenter, hotel cr large building;
honest and sober; will make himself useful;
handy mechanic: references; wages reason-
able. Box 377. Call office.
AN Eastern young man would like a position
ad private stableman or working around
place; understands horses thoroughly. Box
406. Call.
TINNER and furnace man wants position in
country shoD: experienced and best of rec-
ommendations. Address 125. Golden West
Hotel. I '
WANTED — By competent man. position aa
gardener: understands his business; welt rec-
ommended: excellent references. Address
box lOOi; £all office. Oakland. : : ,t-:-t
RANCH work wanted by thoroughly competent
man; good teamster and understands hand-
ling all kinds of farm machinery; also good
stock man. Box 259. Call office.
ENGINEER wants situation; understands
steam plant ami electrical work: all kinds
of work around building; 4 years In last posi- I
tlon. Pox. 362. Call oftlce. -
AN industrious colored man wishes position as
Janitor, norter or butler: woman will do
day's work of any kind. J.G22 Jackson st.
MAN of some education. 34, strong, reliable,
sober In warehouse, hotel or store. Uoi
446. Call oftlce.
ASSISTANT gardener; position wanted by ex-
perienced man; private place preferred; Ca-
nadian, age 34. Box 473, Call office.
JANITOR work and errands by experienced
man; city references and bend if required.
Bex 747. Call office. . >_
FIRST-CLASS stationary engineer desires a
first-class posltlcn. Address box 1003. . Call
' office. Oakland.
SITUATION wanted by Englishman as valet
or Indoor servant; can cook for bachelor
Address W. S., box 300, Call.
STRONG youth. IB, German parentage, knowl-
edge of groceries and as porter, desires work
Bo* 312. Call.
CARPENTER work wanted direct from owners;
$3 or contract: first-class work; beat of refer-
ences. Box 4CD. Call office.
PRINTER— An all-round, reliable printer wants
a -situation In the country. Address F
STEWART. 702 Eleventh St.. Oakland. Cal. j
FIRST-CLASS English butler desires position
by February 1 : salary not less than *6O per
- month; strictly first class. Box 386, Call.
STEADY, energetic man wants position as
; salesman or collector; also understands book-
keeping; good references. Box 361. Call.
FIREMAN (boiler) wants position: experienced
with fuel oil or coal: references. Box 40-1*
Call office. ,.-•-•- ¦
A' COLORED man wishes position as cook,
waiter or choreman. Box 455, Call.
AN old genlleman desires position as collector
In doctor'g or any other office. Box 337. Call.
ENGINEER and electrician *destres employ-
ment; extensive experience. M. E.. 901 Powell.
SITUATION wanted by colored young man:
competent coolc and waiter. J. W.. 11 East.
DRAUGHTSMAN wants position In en archi-
tect's office or planing mill. ' Box'379. Call.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED— MALB.
WANTED^PoBTtion as b«tel clerk or bar-
tender by Krst-clasn man. with beat or ref-
erences; city or country. Box ~5o. lau.
SITUATION wanted as clerk In hotel: can givt
bend if neceraary.' Address box :^ :^_^ a^-
JAPANESE honest boy wants a position a»
(•choolbov; understands Kngllsh some; studl-M
* 5 years in home. T. NAKAML'RA. *>0t> Stock-
ton st.; tel. Main €0^
JAPANKSK strong man wants position *£<},>
cooking and general housework. AKI. lji»>»>i
Castro street, city. ___————
A JAPANESE wants situation to do house-
work: has much experience. Address K.
MASDA, 110 Golden Gat* ave.
JAPANESE wants position to wash steps every
- morning.. Address JOE. 100»? Hyde st.
TACIAi; _MASSAQg.
A— WRINKLES removed: fine complexion guar-
anteed; new method; 50c. M. LUTON. mani-
curing parlor*. 764 Larkin st.: phone Polic 17.
FEATHER REA'OVATISO. *
BT^ewTneTlthful process. Cal. Steani Fe«th«r
Co.. S25 Van Nesa ave.: tel. Howard 3167.
FINANCIAL.
COMPANIES incorporated, financed and stocll
floated. W. H. BITTNER. Lawyer and Ft-
canclal Agent. SZ1 Emma Sprecketa bldg.
FLATS~TO LET.
A— HOUSES and flat3 to let: an immens* l!«t;
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; It will save you time and
trouble. ConJes Furniture C%. 245-239. Geary
«t.. on the square.
ALL of the most desirable flats and housas ar«
listed in our renting department; let us c1v«
you a list and help you find one In the loca-
tion you want. STERLING FURNITURB
COMPANY. 103D Market «t.; services abso-
lntely free. '
LARGEST list of new flats and houses: call
for printed list. LTON & HOAO. 118 Mont-
gomery st.
HAYWARD. tV,. off Harrison, near KlgSth— 3
sunny flats, 3 rooms each; rent <3 and $11.
NEW sunny lower flat.' 7 rooms and batn; rent
* 35 ' S53 ° Sacrarnento »*- '
$7 — LOWER flat and yard. 728% Harrlsoa
st., between Third and Fourth.
FLATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
FOR rent — Handsome furnished flat, with pl-
ane, in ' best residence section of the city.
Call at 2833 Washington st.
BEAUTIFUL furnished flat. 4 room* and
bath. >3O. Apply &44 Van Nesa ave.
FLATS FOR SALE FURNISHED.
FOR sale — Light sunny flat, 7 rooms, batlij
rent $35; well furnished; terms reasonable:
near City Hall, on McAllister.' Box 484.
Call office. ll_j_
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
A — Brass beds, hair mattresses, weathered ma-
hogany, maple, furn., handsome dining suit,
draperies, curtains; tel. Page 718. 1006 Haight.
FURNITURE. 0 rooms: good, clean; Golden
Gate ave.; close ln.\ Box 447. Call office.
FOR sale^ — Elegant furniture of 8-roozn flat;
cheap. Address box 310. Call office. ¦
FURNITURE WANTED.
HIGHEST price* for furniture and mds?. L. H.
BURP, auctioneer. lSlSMkt.: tel. Howard 2750.
A: WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone R*d 44<T2T
buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
HELP \\ ANTED— FEM ALB.
A CHAMBERMAID for a school. $20. no
watting or washing.
A young, strong woman to do cleaning in an
Institution. $20.
A nurse for an infant. $25; place in Oakland.
A cook in a small hospital In the city, $30.
A second girl for Berkeley, $25.
A second girl for two In family, la city, XV*.
A cook for a private family in Oakland. $10.
A lady's maid and 1 seamstresa. $.'{0.
Four cooks for small German families, ' $50
each. " •¦- **¦• •
A waitress, also a chambermaid who will
sew fcr same family, in San Rafael. $"."..
A nurse for the car« of grown child. $20.
A waitress for small family in city. $3t>.
Twenty-five cooks, also girls for housework
In city and all parts of tho country, wages $20
to $30. Call Monday morning at Mli>9
PLUNKETT'S. 425 Sutter St.. - near Powell.
This office opena at 8:30! clones at 5 p. m.
TEN good chambermaids and waitresses for
hotels and boarding-houses in city, 525, board
and room: experience necessary. MI53
PLUNKETT'S. 425 Sutter st., near- Powell.
Office open from 8:30 a. ra. to J p. m.
A — WANTED — Girls to learn halrdressing.
manicuring, etc.: trade taueht from A to Z
In 2 weeks: $5 t» those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to fill Immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10 pec we»k up; leading school ia
West. 233 Geary at., room 13.
A — Girls to learn millinery now for spring sea-
son: both seasons taught from start to finish
In 1 month for $15: positions as trimmers,
salesladies, etc., guaranteed at $lOp«rwli. up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton St., r. 13.
A — LADIES to learn all branches halrdressln*
trade, manicuring, maesage, etc. 1236 Mar-
ket St., cor. Jones, room 94; positions secured
at highest wages; day and eve. class; call.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS ANT> RIV-
ETERS: NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY:
PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'3
FACTORIES, 32H FREMONT ST. AND 1S73
MISSION. NEAR FIFTEENTH.
— — ~ .- *> . 9 - f ¦
A — OPERATORS wanted on ladles' waists an-t
children's wash suits.* 656 Mission st.. third
floor.
A — EXAMINER wanted en ladles* and chil-
dren's wear. C56 Mission St., third floor.
A— OPERATORS wanted to sew at home. 63«
Mission st., third floor.
FIRST-CLASS waist trimmer; permanent posi-
tion; also good waUt and skirt helpers and
paid apprentices. CALAHAN. 330 O'Farrell.
GIRL to learn makin«r leaves and flowers. 70-t
Larkin St.. neer Ellis; frame stor?.
GIRL for housework and cooking. Apply,
after 10 o'clock. 2117 California st.
YOUNG girl for general housework and cook-
ing. 2210 Central ave. ; car fare paid.
GIRL to do second work at 1230 Post st.
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
Chutes 6 p. m. Wednesday : salary 00 object.
WANTED — Apprentices to learn halrdresslnrf
and manicuring; will pay while learning.
Appb- between 9 and 11 a. m. at IIALQ
BROS.'
GIRL with exDertenc* In printing office to
B hold copy, etc.; reference.* Address Expe-
rience, box 743, 'Call office.
WANTED — First-class finishers; also appren-
tices on vests. 230^ Ninth •»:.. opposlta
• Clementina.
YOUNG girl for light housework. 1722 Mar-
ket St.. upstairs. ¦ -
A GIRL wanted for light housework. AddI/
at 1321 Webster st.
GIRL for general housework: must be g;oo<t
cook: wages $25.\J\pply iT-CO Webster st.
LADY traveler for business house; permanent
position. Box 474, Call office.
OPERATORS and machine hands wanted at IS.
SIM1XOFF"S, 122S Market st.
FIRST-CLASS stenographers furnished Mis*
M. G. Barrett. Instructor. COS Montgomfry.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements ani subscriptions has
been ooen'd at 10OS Market St.. oppesits
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m. *
HELP WANTED MALE. '
AT C.*R. HAXSEJJ & CO.'S.. Phone Grant 123
Accurate accountant, typewriter, stenogra-
pher to act as timekeeper If necessary. R. R.
construction wcrk; one experienced In this
lin* preferred; must be strictly sober; .give
reference and bond: want man who .wants
steady position: $Ut> month and found; want
man about 40 years of age.
Night cleric, first-class country hotel: only
those with hotel experience need apply; s»«
party here Monday at 10a. m ..$13
Second head waiter, city hotel *-io
Locomotive boiler-maker for Central Ameri-
ca. -$12 a day, native currency; ate party
here.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 4;» Bush rt.
WANTED — IM> men and &rt women to taka
part in "Quo Vadin." Apply Central Theater
Tuesday at !> a. m.
WANTED — Colored hoy. about IK to work la
• store. WOLF & FRANK. 202 Kearny st.
LODGIXG HOUSES FOR SALE— Con.
MARION GRIFFIN.
40ft Hearst bldg., over "Kxaminer" entrance.
Modern business methods in fine front offices.
Phone Black 3007 or take elevator to 4th floor.
j Up-to-date - title- abstract free with every, sale.
We do business strictly according to law.
DO you want a big transient house?
ONE Un.t "wilt - clear. $500 a month?
"WE ht^c that kind. of. a house.
OFFERED at $1000 less than its value. :
OWNER has been called out of the city.
GREATEST money-maker in San Francisco.
MARION GRIFFIN. 406 Itxaminer Building.
BARGAIN of the city: corner apartment-house
of ISO rooms elegantly furnished, always full
and clearing $514 monthly; inexpensively oper-
ated compared with other houses of similar ¦
character; low rent; will clear 40 per cent per
annum on purchase price.l "
MARION GRIFFIN, 400 Examiner Building
WIFE In hospital causes sacrifice of 'SI rooms;
M block. of Market: rent $110 with lease;
reduced to $1600; will take a flat In trade.
MARION GRIFFIN. 406 Examiner' Building.
NEW house. 4 blocks north of Market; 30
large, desirable rooms; low rent; 3-year
lease; most artistically furnished; will clear
?200 to 5300 owing to - management. ¦
MARION GRIFFIN, 40G Examiner Building.
CORNER near City Hall; splendid, sunny: 23
rooms; steady, respectable roomers r^rent $125;
profit exactly $145 monthly; don't fall to make
an offer to MARION GRIFFIN quick. j
R. R. MEN are the roomerH in my SO-room i
house; rent $240; Income $560; price $5000;
yet due for furniture ?2300: will exchange
equity for real estate worth $2500. See my agt, !
MARION GRIFFIN, about it. -
GENUINE bargain and GOOD HOME; 20
rooms on sunny corner north of Market; splen-
didly furnished: rent very reasonable; price
$2250 if sold this week. See MARION GRIF-
FIN.
ABSOLUTELY clean and respectable; 20 rooms
in heart of hign-toned portion of city; rent
only $100 per month: 'guaranteed to clear $90;
this is an opportunity seldom offered; if you
¦want this snap see my only agent.
MARION GRIFFIN, r. 406, Examiner Bldg.
SoNNY corner; 52-room bay-window house;
clears 5341 month; 5-year lease; rent $225; .
every room full of sunshine; if looking for
a respectable money-maker and good ;
investment see my agent, MARION GRIFFIN.
PERFECT bandbox of a house: 24 roorns
on Sutter st.: tony and up-to-date: full o'
steady roomers, but could be made to
clear $200 month. See MARION GRIFFIN.
LITTLE payment ($500) takes a 15-room
NE. corner 6 blocks north of Market: price
$1000; better see it before buying elsewhere.
MARION GRIFFIN. 406 Examiner Building.
ENORMOUS dividends and safe as U. S.- bonds;
new 48-room apartment-nouse clearing S2670
yearly; price $4500. See MARION GRIFFIN.
VACANT— 82 rooms,, north of Market: will
lease for 5 years $5H room and furnish to suit
tenant. MARION GRIFFIN is my agent.
-'RISTOCRATIC family ho.-»l on corner; fash-
ionable neighborhood; 50 rooms all outside; fur-
niture very best: carpets velvet; rent only
$230; monthly profit $450 shown by accurate
bok accounts; price reduced ?- $5500; terms
,'i cash, balance monthly Installments to suit
buyer; cause dissolution of partnership.
MARION GRIFFIN, r. 406, Examiner Bldg.
H. C. DECKER, 906 Market: phone John R31.
Headquarters for Room Ing-Houses.
New Apartment Houses. '
Hotels, Flats and Private Homes.
All Titles Guaranteed.
23 YEARS SELLING HOUSES IN SAN
FRANCISCO.
Call. I Can Suit You.
A SPECIAL LIST— I ONLY SELX, BAR-
' GAINS.
25 Apartment Houst^, 20 to 600 rooms.
100 Rooming-Houscs, 2 to 400. prices $100 to
$20,000. \
B0 Hotels, 20 to SCO rooms, all prices.
26 Flats. 3 to 12 rooms, from $50 to $1000.
40 Boarding-Houses. IS to 250 rooms.-
100 Stores and Business Places for sale.
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE.
J MY BEST BARGAIN IS 10-ROOM,
i CORNER BAY-WINDOW HOUSE.
Near O'Farrell and Geary.
Must sell; offer wanted.
Pee DECKER. 906 Market 8 t.. cor. Stockton.
C. E/HINKLBY, ' PHONE MINT 796.
1020 Market St., Opp Fifth.
Former patrons my best references.
Reliable dealing. Easy terms. Clear titles.
Country correspondence promptly answered.
Part Cash. Balance monthly payments.
I fi rooms; Geary St.; speculation .$750
31 rooms; sunny corner; rent $55 $1600
7 rooms: L-savenworth St.; rent $30.... $350
60 rooms; Market et.; liquor license... .$1000
17 rooms; Pine St.: clear $50 $700
9 rooms; Sutter St.; partially furnlshed.$.13O
12 rooms; California St.: rent $50; a snap.t750
31 rooms; Fourth and Market: a gift... $1500
10 rooms; Geary st. ; clears $40; rent $28.. $500
24 rooms; Leavenworth St.: speculation. $1000
10 roomn; Bush ft.: rert $37 50; only.. ..$450
32 rooms; Market St.; 5 yenrs" lease... .$2500
16 rooms; boarding; offer wanted ..$900
17 rooms; rent $45; clears $60.... .$6oO
100 rooms; grand sunny corner $7000
40 rooms; Van Ness ave., worth $3000. .$1500
IS rcoms; 6 unfurnished; rent 545 $500
35 rooms; transient: lease: $1500
20 rooms; lease; electric lights.... $C50
• 8 rooms; Pest st. : rent $32; only $250
WINSTON & WOLF. I
1026 MARKET. - 1026 MARKET.
(TELEPHONE JESSIE 2211.)
NEW AND MODERN LODGING AND APART-
MENT HOUSES.
00 rooms: corner: rent $300; long lease. $8000
103 rooms; hotel; reasonable rent $21,000
220 rooms; elegant furniture , ..$11,000
70 rcoms: furnished by Sloan & Co ilS.OCO
r>0 rooms; hotel; central location. $7500
70 rooms; rent $370; part tash. . ; $7000
40 rooms; rent J125; Sutter st.. $4700
84 rooms; corner: swell location $3000
IS rooms; rent $80; fine location ..$1800
IF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR CHEAPER
HOUSES AVE HAVE THEM ALSO.
. WINSTON & WOLF, 1026 MARKET.
A— KREDO & CO. ¦
PWbne Black 6872. 765 Market «t.
3Srs.:cor.; transient house; rent $125..?180o
53 ri>.; Mission St.; clears $150 month... -.2000
24 rs.; Geary, cor.: new: bargain for... .WOO
l!)rs.:cor. Post; clears $100 1700
21 rs.; Mission: new: bargain; .1200
10 rs.: Jones; rent .$.")5: cheap....: ti50
Others not advertised. Money loaned.
FOR SALE— A BOARDING-HOUSE; MEDIUM
SIZE; ELEGANTLY FURNISHED; LOCA-
TION BEST IN THE CITY: LEASE;
OWNER LEAVING TOWN. BOX 2S5C
CALL OFFICE.
lt»-ROOM lodging-house; good location tor
transient; on account of sickness. 3ox 462.
Call office. -
CHEAPEST and be?t In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.'
LODGrVG-HOlSES WANTED.
AM looking for a good lodging-house; one that
will pay a good percentage on Investment:
if you have It give price and location. Box
4JS. Call office.
I WANT a medium-sized lodging-house In a
desirable location; reasonable rent. Address
box 072.' Call.
WANTED — A lodging-house, about 40 rooms.
-^ Box CS1. Call office. -
LODGING-HOUSES TO LET.
LODGING-HOUSE, C38-648 Commercial | st. ;
notice on premises: exceptional opportunity.
CAHTKt nKATIXG ASP CLEAKIXO.
AIR now universally used In cleaning carpets
on "floor; without removal: price moderate.
S. F. Compressed Air Cleaning Co.. Cal)
building. Phona Main 6237. ' • - .
WHEN, you become dlsyusted with your vorlr
tend for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
Ing Works. 365-357 Teliama st. : tel. South 40.
WRSTKRN Carpet CleanlDg Works. lSOB/Har-
; ¦ rlsonit.: Alv cleaning: 3c: tel.' Mission 225.
HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet beating; mat-
tresses made over.1432 Howard :tel. South 21C
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402. Sutter St.;
•tel; Main 334. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Propa.
RUDOLPH & CO..- carpet-beating works;prlcea
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st.: tel.Mlsalon 2CT.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.-
333 Golden Gate ave. ; telephone East ; tad.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 1C pages, sent to any. address In . the
tTnltr»<l States or Canada one year for-ll: •'
COLLECTION OFFICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
: city v or .-¦ country. PACIFIC ¦ COLLECTION
•CO. - 41 5. Montgomery. : rooms' 9-10: t«L ¦ S586.
7 : ODTTAGES : TO /LET. /
COTTAGE. 5* rooms' and bath, large sunny
yard. 2G23 Bush j Bt. ; $2fi. „ .*-.-.- ¦
— > .:':'"•¦-'¦ -''_CTnMBS BTTPTTTS1!. '>;/-' -* : ? ¦'
WHO DOES 1T7 HUNTERTT2O6 Market et.
"Send for circular. Why will you -suXtrt
JOEM r. SPRTCKri.S. Proprietor^
W. z. 11 AU riN Business Manager
TELEPHONE.
>.p'» fcr T3!E CALL. Vhe operator WT.l Con- j
ne<-: Tom W:th the Depanrr.'iH You W fsh. j
J'ub".!<-3t!'n; Office Market fir.J Third. S. K.
ii'Mo;:*: P.oon: SIJ to 221 EtAcnson •£. j
;<<¦:: v»re<J tor Carrier*. 20 Ci*. Ftr Week. 75 j
Ctr, f'»r Month. £ins>. Crr;>>s B Cents.
TcriKs by M«;i Incittdia* IVcuuce tCasii With
<">r<3.T):
Ii.\i!,V TALL <i»:r;^i!. Sunday). 1 year. .$&.«} j
DAILY CALU (isdsd. Sunday). « mos.. 4. CO
DAILY CA»-lr— C7 fc':n?!e Mjruh 7.»c
EUKDAY CALL I \<-r 2.60 j
v. i;j:klv <:.'.ll, 1 V*ar t-*»]
-<.T»r-ir-» 1 pailJ-f-*&.Sa !'t Vfar Extra *
TSSriuE - Faa-iis-- 4-W -"er Year Kxtra
1 U&i AUE- J_vy rc .;! r . i.«» Per Tear Extra |
ALL POSTMASTERS .W.V. AUTHORIZED j
TO RECEIVE BUCSCEIPTIOSS. . j
Famr> CopleJ will tc iu raided when re-
quested. '
Mei! rub*ct;bcr* in or^crirg change of an- ¦
&rtf& fhcJld be rarti'-ular to give both NEW ]
>..VD OLD ADDKCSS In cr<irr to tnsure a ,
jiorrr.1 and correct cur^iiliance with their re- I
«ju*sr ' j
OAKLAND OFFICE. 1
152* Ilroaduai Telephone Main 10S3 1
BERKELEY OFFICE.
214* Center street Telephone North 77
¦
WASHINGTON COKHEPPOXDENT.
JiOnTON K. CRANE 141KS U Street. N. W.
NETT YORK NEWS STANDS:
TTaldort-Aitoria. Hotel: A. Hrrtano. 31
t"n:cri Square; Murray I'ill Hotel; Fifth-ave-
nue Hotel and Hoffman House. .
• !
CHICAGO NEWS FTAKDS: I
Fhcrman House- P O. News Co.: Great j
I^or.hern Hotel: Tremont House; Auditorium j
Hotel; reimer llouec.
CHTCA'.O RErnnSTSNTATTVE:
C. OnOR<iE-KnO<;NESS..Marquette Building
<Long Dlet&ace Telephone. "Ctntral 2!il9.")
NEW TOKK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE of the Ean Francisco
Cell, corner Market and Third street*: open
until 12 o'ciorfc eveiy night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
f£7 tlor.tzomery ttreet coruer Clay: open un-
til 9:30 p. m.
T*O Hayes street: open until 9:" ft p. m.
C<J> McAllister Ftr^et; op«=n until 0:30 p. m.
BIS Larkin Ftrwt; open until 9:30 p. m.
3941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
££«! Market street corner Sixteenth; open un-
tii 9 p. m.
3f;P, Eleventh street: open until 9 p. m.
10y<S Valencia ftreot; <pen until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets:
open until 8 p. m.
XCortJtweM eornor of Twenty-second and Ken-
tuck streets: open until 9 p. m.
I2O0 Fillmore ptre»t; open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICS9.
ASVLl'M of Golden Gate Commandery .
16. K. T. «"-"¦ Sutter st — State<l gS^
assembly THIS EVENING at 8 EJ
o'clock. Order of Temple. All fraters y*
art- oourteout.lv invited. Cy order of
the Commander.
THEO. FROLICH, Recorder.
BAN FRANCISCO CraptT No. 1 Royal ©
Arch Masons moots THIS EVEN- >f\f
ING; business and M. M degree. /VN
H. G. rRINCE. Secretary.
OCCUf&STAL I><1pe Xo. 22. F. and A. «
11.. THIS (MONDAY) EVENING. *t\[Sf
7:30 o'clock. S^ond degree. By or- /\f\
dor of the Master
WALTER G. ANDERSON, Secretary.
KING BOlXniOifS Lodge No 200. F. ®
and A. M.. IKill Fillmore street— First "VY
4'-isre* THIS EVENING at 7:30 /V>
o'clock. HARRY BAEHR. Secretary.
TO tho Officer* and Member* of the •—
Riggers' an< j stevedores' Union. Local u£
!No VJ2 ¦¦•: •'¦ J. '. M. and T. A— jfeS
i ou ar* !:¦ rer-y notified to attend the JBMrt
tvfrjlar meeting of this union, to be \SJ&*
held sr our hall <:n.; Front 'street. JxfixL,
TO-NIGHT (MONDAY). January =Si2S
Ik at t* o'clock fharp; bu*.nes<» of great im-
vortance to come before the meeting. By
ordft of THOMAS F. BRYANT President.
HENRY. JEND. Rec. and Cor. Sec.
. ET. ANDREWS Society will hold a v T? »*•
Hums celebration In the Scottish ri yl.l
Hall. 1U Larkin «.. on MONDAY
EVEXIKC. 2Sth January. > «=^%
P. LIVINGSTON DUNN. President.
J. BLACK. Secretary. •
ANNUAL Meeting— The regular annual meet-
ing cf the stockholders of the National Ice
• 'ompany wi!l I* hel<i at the office of the
Company. .127 Market st.. San Francisco. Cal.,
in WEDNESDAY, the 3d day of February,
3904, at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m.. for the
purpose of ejecting a board of directors to
•¦erve for the ensuing year and the trannac-
tion of such other business as may come
before the meeting.
J. T. DONAHUE. Secretary.
BTOCKHOLDERS' MEETING (Annual)— To
the Stockholders of the Oceanic Steamship
Corrpeny— Flease take notice that th* an-
rua! meeting of the stockholder* of the
Oc-asic Steamship Company will be hell at
»b» principal office or the company (1. e..
227 XIaricet rt.. room 4. cecond floor) In
the city and cocnty of San Francisco, State
c.f California, en THURSDAY the 21st day
if January. A. D. 1904. at 11 o'clock a. m..
for th* purpose of electing directors find fcr
the transaction of euch other business as
tnay property come before the meeting. The
rtock transfer bocks of the company will b««
clot«d tm <10> days prior to said day of
liier-Ur.c. l?y order of the Board of Director*
f!. W. THOMAS. Secretary Oceanic Steam-
rY.::, Company. 327 Market et.. San Fran-
ciscc. Cal.
NOTICE cf annual meeting— The regular an-
nual rae*'«!ns cf ir.e nockJua&en of the
• "aliioMi'.a '...as ard Electric Corporation wiil
h* h»:4 »t tli» office of the roinpany rlxth
floor. n:.-.:to buil-ISnc San Francisco' Cs!
on Tl'CaW, Jcnuary 20 i!XM At the
I cur of :.:V> p. m.. for l?.c purpose of elcct-
irc n Uoari cl Dlrectcrt to serve tor the
• rsmirs v#zr nnd to transact such ether
Hzinrcs a?. rr?v come before the meeting.
Transfer book* WtSt close or. January 20 at
t o'clcck i> .ra.'
C. W. CONLTSK. Secretary.
Uoo::i C27. rsia'.to building, city.
ANNUAL mretfns — Th* rrgu'ar annual meet-
ing r.: stockholders cf the Pajaro Valley
Cor.pc'.idfcteci p.a'.Iroad Cc;r.p£r.y will be held
• t tr-e office cf the cornuany, 327 Market
*ire*t. fan Francisco, MONDAY, the 16th
£a.i rt January. 3»01, ct tl.e hour of 11
f.'t!o>.k «. i~... fgr the purpose o( electing a
Lcard cf directors ¦ to i-erve fcr the ensuing
¦ycer cr.d lcr lh« transaction of such other
btf:r.f?!i r.s rr.*y come J*fcre th» meeting.
. J.<- i!^»n«;er l>ooV.s of the company will close
cr. TriSay. January 15. 1004. at " p. m
: w. II. HA.VXAM. Secretary.
THE amuol mcctirs of the A*»xiat!on of
the I!o*t>lt»l for Children and Training
School f.-ir >'tir«>(?* wll! be held at the hos-
pitsl. HTOO California »tre«t on TIIUKS-
!'AY. January 14. :r»<V|. «t 1:30 n. ra.
AUVXSTTSEKESrT WBITXWOr.
HAVING rrcri.tly acquired through exchange
of rwpcrty V-iree .?to 8e;:c:ar¥h:r.s In the best
'"olir-e cf Acvorlislaa; tn the. United States.
I r.-«il rcil them ct 25 per c*nt discount for
<•»£¦!•: Jhc ccll«-~e reaches advertisement writ-
ing by ccrres.nor.cience anil 'assist): its grad-
ual*** to frcurfl f*csirior)s; catalogues fur-
r!rh<-d on aiifjlioatJ^n. Adlr*-F5 bo* UO2S, Call.
ACCXTS WANTED.
AT cr.«*-Fcr San Frcncispo. OaMtra. Berke-
ley. Alair.e*:.! a.n<5 nUter towns Al agent* An-
Mj- A. HOVr: ISABBUTT. Western Indus-
:ris! Co., 4CS Ninth M.. Oakland, bet. 10
;¦-¦¦! 12 n. tn. or.d - to 5 p. tn.
" A-STKOLOGVJ
linn. J. TRAXCIS. as*rc:c;r!st: lessons; read-
Jr;rr: r^vr* 10 to R. Pultt 10. Hotel Lanyhem.
ATTor.VliVS-AT-LAW.
v.\ lr. niTTNEii, *~ *
ATTCnNT.r AN'l) COL'KSELOlt AT- I^AVT.
Artvica free. I>I:one South 74."!.
Suiie ."22. ilmnia EprotebeU building.
Decrees QUiolljr and legally obtained for
« irht causes; damage* secured for injuries to
•wscr. cr oslcie: rcjdcvlc* for property un-
UcfuCy dettlned: atla/hrr.entsand garnlfli-
tnartL- j or debts: hiji-.&s furnli>hc<l; bsnUruptcy
l'-x>c»c1ir.jrr-; wUii probate^: ectata scti'eu*
t^oliiK-'.-ors ir-.ade in all rerts of the U. S.
A PRIVATE. 'iUiek Oivoict for a email fee
Pe? »»» oi;d fi.v; niT^v: rv> pay In nd vane*
<:. w. iioivK. A-noaNnv-AT-Lwv. '
UhtisTilHwo V.- yra.i rms. I. ", ?,, 4 jj U. Ihl fl
1122 M.-'.rket •»t;. l-ftv.ecn M:;«)ti and Taylor
Adt'.fe^r-c^H^tiatt^rx. I>tertiv«« employed.'
APViCK fref — X will advance oo#t In rr>»rit«>rl-
€sar trzhru; «iivoi-erE. nroiatc and all other laW
carer: no fe^n fr advance; open every; even-
Ub*. J. 3d. raL'BSTOX, M3 Market et.. r. 3L
r JT9RNEy-AT^^JW--CoiitinjBejl u^
R. W. KING. Attorney-at-Law, Exam. bids-.
Cth f.oor. entrance room 611; established 20
veers; fill cases; general court and office prac-
tice; no fee In advance or for consultation;
evenings by apjiointinert. Tel. Red uWl.
GICO. W. AVKRILL: vlvice given in all cases;
divorce, pir>bat-\ bankruptcy end attachment
tiuit!>*a specialty; practice in both State ».nd
Vmrrat <ourts. Room «.">, 4th fleer. Parrott
bid,?.. S.-.r. Market s-l.; pboce Howard 2."51.
Wf ADVICE FRKE.
Columbian Lav .-in-i Collection Asencr,
Room. S3, !>H> Market st.; tel John fi£!Q.
DIVORCE — Costs, ?12: o,uk!;. quiet; advice
free; open wpnintjs. 027 Mvkct St.. r. 301.
tilVORCE eo«ta S1U: opm evenings: tenants
ejected. $3.' 016 Market, r.62: j>hone Black- OSti
L. P. <-LAniC. . !»27 .Market »>t.: consultation
fr<e; no ten in advance: open evenings.
AUTOMOBH-RS.
ALMOST rfew steam d^s n Ac*, for four peo-
ple: c<va S105<>; muft sell; will take $500
farh. If :ut«>r'£tcd [nvettteate this. P. O.
box 151, C:;!:!anJ.
mnns, dogs. ktc.
WAP.IJLING canaries, talkins -parrots; all
kind* cf rong and fancy bird*; Boldflch. seed*,
races, etc. CIve us a trtr.!: we will pleas*
y<u. 134H Market st.
Spiling out Roilcr Canary l'rds- rralea and fe-
mai»s; Grlrif.nch Canary rr.ale«. 316S lfith rt.
nOARDIXG FOR CBILDREJi.
A GERMAN' lady will take 1 ov 2 children to
brard; good home. 310 Prospect ave.
ttCSIX ESS CHAKCES.
A— $.".'.00: THE leading restaurant of this city:
rent $150; surrounded by 3 theaters: private
boxes for ladi-s; a first-ciass paying place.
R. G. WILKE. 26^ Keamy St..
A— $1CO": PALOON'; rent $40; place doing a
good business; c!paring for owner at least
$C!><> prr month: jatronized by merchants and
printers mostly: no night or Sunday work; a
rare chance. Particulars R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearny et.
A— $1200; CORNER saloon on Ciay st.. near
Front; mercantile lurch; rent $15; establit-h-
ed y<=ars; good business. R. G. WILKE,
2Cli Kearny st. '
A— $S00; CIGAR Ftand on California St.. near
S?an?om*>: rent $40; value In sight: a place
where any man easily can clear $200 per
month. Pee R. G. WILKE. 28'a Kearay 6t.
A— $1COO; RESTAURANT and coffee saloon
Just a few doors from Market St.; owners
clearing at least $3U0 per month; will give
trial to purchaser if he means business;
sickness of one of the partners only causa
of sale. If you invest In" this business your
money is well invested. See R. G. WILKE,
2Ctj Kearny st.
A— J4O0O: CORNER saloon in wholesale dis-
trict; net icnt $05: lease; this is one of the
loading and best paying places in this city;
no night v.-ork. Call R. G. WILKE. 26>i
Kearny tt. ¦
A — $1250; DELICATESSEN and dairy produce
store; cloe-e to Market and Stockton st«. :
large stock; clears at least ?250 per month;
full value in sight; a epler.did offer. Call
R. G. WILKE. 28% Kearay st.
A— ROADHOUSE with 15 newly furnished
rooms; bathroom, barn. 1 cart. 1 electric
piano; 10 years' lease; rent $43; prica $3000;
business very good; that is all. For particu-
lars tee R. G. WILKE. 26ii Kearny St.
A— $1500: SUTCHER shop In Western Addi-
tion; rent $40; weekly sale about 4 steers,
25 sheep: 1 horre. 1 wagon; daily receipts
about $40. See R. G. WILKE. 26V4 Kearny.
A — $1750; CORNER grocery and bar on
Guerrero st.; lease; a good paying business;
fresh stack; all caah trade. Particulars R.
G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— $1400; CORNER grocery and bar on De-
visadero st.: owner has a fine paying busi-
ness, but family affairs compel ' him to
lfave for East. S*e R. G. WILKE. 26»4
Kfarny et.
A — $G00: DRY goods and notion store with 4
fine furnished rooms on Mission st.; splendid
chance for man and wife. Call R. G.
WILKE. 2GV4 Kearny st.
. A — S150O; THE best ojyster stand in Portland,
Or.; a man with first-class references can
I'-avc $700 stand on the business. See R. G..
WILKE. 26»i Kearny st.
10C-ROOM family hotel on flne«t street In
city; grand new building: beautiful entrance;
new and luxuriously furnished, catering only
to first-class trade; the cuisine unsurpassed;
hot and cold ocean water baths; every
equipment up to date; clearing $1200 ' per
month: account of owner leaving city this
fine hotel will be sacrificed for one-third less
than cost; If sold by February 1. price
$15,000; exclusively with CAMERON &
CO.. 3 Eddy st.
I WANTED — First-class restaurant, man with
some money to take dining-room kitchen In
«we!le«t apartment house in city; n.T other
restaurant within five blocks. CAMERON &
CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR !,aJe or trade — Quartz mine; fine prospect;
located in Cal.: assays $40 to $70 ton; trade
for r'm'g house or business. Camcron,3 Eddy.
FOR 6*le — Well- located candy store; all equip-
ped for making own candies: established H
years; clearing over $200 rxr month; will In-
voice about $1200. CAMERON, 3 Eddy st.
HIGHEST cash price paid for stocks of mer-
chandl«e. See A. CAMERON & CO.. 8 Eddy.
FOR trade — Income-bearing city property for
ptocks of merchandise; any amount CAM-
ERON & CO.
FOR pale — One or the best restaurants In city;
ch'ap rent: receipts $75 to $100 per day; will
. bear investigation; price $1500: also one In
good location for $350. CAMERON & CO..
. 3 Eddy st.
JT- 3 PER CENT MONTHLY. .
On Investments of $100 and upward; no "get-
rich-quick" swindle, turf speculation or gam-
bling scheme, but a reputable, established
business enterprise in Ean Francisco; cleared
$67,000 last >ear on $100,000 capital: stock
Increased $20,000 to enlarge the plant; call
or write for particulars. ¦
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market Et.
FIFTEEN TEARS ESTABLISHED
Clothing, hat and furnishing goods store;
$10.0uo stock: four years lease to run:
Koarny st.. oast side, between Sutter and
•Bush; upper gallrry ami finished basement;
the reason for selling is the proprietor wishes
to detote his entire attention to his other
store. Address box 739. Call office.
A— $200; PARTNER: well established office
business ; no «-xp^rience required: $75 monthly
to each. Eee my agents. EUREKA RE-
ALTY CO.. 710 Market Et.
A— $1KO; CIGAR stand: nwell location; full
etock: rent $15. EUREKA REALTY CO..
710 Market Bt. -.
CALL and eee the list of lodging-houses from
(i to 200 rooms; cheap rents; hotels, road-
bouses, saloons, restaurants, groceries, livery
stables bought and sold and exchanged;
money loaned on chattels: millinery store to
exchange. EITEL & CARROLL. 212 Kearny.
AN oid established four-chair barber shop;
good paying businc-ss and good location;
price reasonable. Addrees box 740, Call. •
A SNAP — Ha.rdresring parlors at Invoice (about
$1200): doing tine business; will teach party
buylrg If necessary. Address box 32S, Eu-
reka. Cal. . - - - . - . . . •
OX account of having to leave the city, I will
sell my restaurant, located en Hayes st., at
the low price or $300: the rent is very reason-
able. Address box 4S0, Call office.
PLANING mill for Fale; complete mill, in^
eluding cash and door machinery; fine loca-
tion; well established' bunlnees: located In
Alanirda Co. Address P. O. box 347, Oakland.
I WANTED — A restaurant in a good town or
city outside of San- Francisco; please give
full Dariiriilars and price asked. ! Address
box 4«m, Call office.
WE Bell . lodging-house*, restaurants, ' cigar
stands, all price*. $150 up; city and country
property. Hoe ton Real Estate Co., S Mason.
$1100 — CORN'ER bouse. 29 rooms: south of
Market; ,-t.i $50. Boston Real Estate Co..
H Mafon tt.
FOR eale — Newstand and branch postofflce;
must fell this week: rent reasonable and
price lciv. Address box 4K5, Call.
$22."0 — BOTCHER shop; elegantly fitted up;
splendid location; fine trade; can be greatly
Increased. . Box 445». Call. , .
WANTED — A elx-day restaurant In good loca-
tion: state full particular*. Box 043, Call.
CIGAR ctand wanted on a cood corner down-
town. Addr<sg with price, etc., box G4S. Call.
I WILL buy a butcher shop In «.. good. loca-
tion; will pay cash. , Box C64. Call.
WANTED — Lady partner, bet. age of 30 and
4O. in poor! business. ];ox 4»1, Call office.
WASTED— Stationery and notion store: state
price; r*;it, etc. Box 44.1, , Call.. .,
SAI.OON Tor sale, north of Mark«t et. Inquire
Golden Eagle Dla * Co., cor. , l'ine & Montgy.
FOU«a!e — $".V>; country l.acksmlth shop;
t:oo>i location. Apply 18 Ecale st.
FOn r ale — Outside route on CalL Apply 3164
• Twenty-fourth Bt.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
OUR new "Duplex-Scalo System" won over 200
per cent In the past 22 days on Frisco races;
fcr proofs and references ask any sub-
scriber on our list, or call and investigate;
explanation free to regular subscribers at our
office only; commissions handled on this sye--
tern for 25 per cent. of the net weekly profits.
Terms for our Handicap sheets, $2 per day or
$10 per week. N. S. HAND, expert handlcap-
per. rooms 1, 2 and 3, 113 Stockton St., S. F.
I WANT a party to Join me for one year In a
Lig money-making proposition in which I
have invested several hundred dollars; jvant
$200 to $400 working capital; with or with-
out services; will deposit collateral to secure
your money and' demonstrate its feasibility
and safety and allow pro rata of profits; no
trificrs. • Box -ICC, Call.
FOR tnlo — Either the goods or territory on a
Tint? iirtic'c to put In the trade; a fine chance
fcr traveling salesman. Call on R. E. GRAF.
ao Post Bt.. loom 15. ¦ , •' '
WANTED— A partner to accept a half interest
In a |->at<-nt cf tbe latest design. Apply 213>4
Mason et., ror.m 10; no schemers need apply.
A MILK business for sale for $3500. with
horses, cows, wagons etc. P. C. LASSEN
6 CO.. 4C«i Tenth St.. Oakland." Cal. ¦
11600 — OLD established corner grocery and bar;
no opposition; splendid bar trade; no agents
wanted. Particulars 5.'i Sharon st. - ,
IF you have a delicatessen store or restaurant
you want to sell, or a good place to open one,
address box 434. Call office.
HAVE $500; want partner with like amount for
paying business; must also give cervices.
Address box 480, Call office.
MAN single, small capital, partner, butcher
business, doing good: .chance for right per-
son; Investigate. Box 436, Call.
FOR sale — Lumber yard; good location; excel-
lent chance to get a yard on small payment
down; no agents. Box 37S. Call.
FOR sale — Complete dyeing and cleaning works;
good location. Box 2S00. Call office. '
J.HKV— RESTAURANT for sale; one llvln^-room.
272 Erannan st. /
WANTED — Cigar stand: give price and loca-
tion. Uox 441. Call office.
PHOTO galiery; fine Market-st. location; very
ch-ap. T. P. ANDREWS. 109 Montgomery.
FOR sale— Bakery and delicatessen store doing
firrt-class business. Box 358. Call office.
VERY low figure: well stocked, good paying
cor. bazaar; must (be sold. 1600 Devisadero.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tlon of advertisements' and subscription* has
been opened at 1008 Market at., opposlt*
Fifth. Open until 11 p.m. '
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALES.
A. CAMERON & CO.. Phone South 1000.
3 Eddy St., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for rooming houses, hotels and all
kinds of business chances.
106-room modern family hotel; swell location;,
first-class trade: ocean baths; everything up to
date; clearing $1200 per month; will be sacri-
ficed for one-third less than cost to furnish;
obliged to leave February 1 ; price $15,000.
20 rooms; rent $75; 2 years' lease: good per-
manent and transient house; price $1200.
44 rooms; rent only $125; 5 years' lease; run-
ning water: everything in good condition; clears
$125 to $150 per month; price $2S0O.
19 rooms; corner; rent $95; oak furniture;
good carpets, hair mattresses; part cash, bal-
ance on time.
18 rooms; fine, sunny corner; rent only $80;
well furnished; all outside rooms; fine yard;
clears $100.
68 rooms; rent $250: 2 years' lease; well fur-
1 nished throughout; close in; first-class board-
ing-house; clearing $250 Der month.
C rooms and bath: rent $18; water free; new,
modern flat, furnished 1 year; price $300.
220 rooms; grand, new, modern apartment
house; elegantly furnished; swell location;
clearing S400 to $600 per month; golden oppor-
tunity.
30 rooms; rent $95; fine location: all on 2
floors; 3 years' lease; clears $100, full; $2000.
125 rooms; first-class downtown house; 5-year
lease; cheap rent; private baths; doing fine
commercial business; reduced; see this.
47 rooms; rent $125; good lease: fine location;
some apartments always full; clears $200.
11G rooms; new, elegantly appointed apart-
ment house; one of the ewellest in city; clear-
ing $500 to $600 month; splendid opportunity.
7-room. new, moJern flat: $450 cash, balance
on installments; income ?45; price $550.
24 rooms; rent $140; newly furnished; fine
neighborhood; close in; always full.
162 rooms; most elegantly appointed apart-
ment house In San Francisco: beautiful, modern
building; fine entrance; cheap rent: clearing
$400 per month; 5-year lease; part cash; bal-
ance 8 per cent per year.
8 rooms; golden oak fur.: Moquet carpets,
oil paintings; must leave city; make offer.
50 rooms; rent only $200; downtown house;
always full; clearing $200 to $300 month; new-
ly renovated and in fine condition.
15 rooms; Van Ness ave.; oak and mahogany
furniture; a bargain if taken at once.
88 rooms; bontcn location; elegant building-
luxuriously furnished: all modern conveniences;
grand entrance and halls; strictly up to date*
called East by elcknes s.
12 rooms; Post: oak furniture: Brussels car-
pets; clears $50: $300 cash, balance on Install-
ments; price $SO0.
CD rooms; new and elegant building; furnished
beautifully and up to date; hot and cold water
every room; $4000 cash necessary.
7 rooms; rent $3S:. modern house: new furni-
ture; clears $50; only $400 cash, balance time.
14 rooms; rent $40; new and modern little
boarding-house: fine furniture; hair mattresses;
clearing over ?20O month; price $1000.
24 rooms; rent only fI25; first-class condi-
tion; oak. mahogariy. birdseye maple furniture-
extra fine carpets; clears $70; price $2000; half
cash, balance l'£ per cent.
21 rooms; Howard et.; rent only $60; good
fur. and carpets; clearing J1S0 per month: $400
cash, balance time; price $900.
10 rooms; rent $50; close in: oak, birdsey*
maple fur.; fine carpets: elegant little transient
house; clears $125; part cash; price $600.
15 rooms; Van Ness ave.: rent $85; oak. ma-
hogany furniture; always full; price $1200; al-
most new.
R8 rooms; cheap rent; furnished last June:'
cak furniture; Brussels* carpets; clears over
$250 per month: half cash, balance 1 per cent;
owner tick In bed^
50 rooms: Bush: rent only S162; good furni-
ture, carpets: clearing over $200 -per month;
enly 14 rooms to take care of* balance do own
wcrk; a snap. -/Vc V
31 rooms: rent $110; fur., carpets new; clears
over $100 per mo.: 2 years' lease; wife sick in
hospital; part cash; $1700.
10 rooms; rent $45; new carpets: newly 'pa-
pered and painted; clears $30; $450 caah. bal-
ance time. >-
5 rooms; Geary: rent $20: fine little home; 3
rooms rented for $25; price $200.
12 roorns; rent $00; oak and mahogany fur.;
good carpets: fine yard and : garden In rear;
brings in SCO; leaves balance landlady; price
$900. , '
r. rooms; nut $35; oak. fur., Brussels carpets;
3 rooms rented for $28; price $300.
8 rooms; new, modern flat; rent $45; all light;
coat $S50; will sacrifice, quick sale; $ti50.
A— CALIFORNIA INVESTMENT CO.
Phone. Black C901, 777>i Market St.
Bank References.— * .,
Any House Sold on Easy Terms.'
A — C F.OOMS, house, good furniture: block of
• Market' St.; rent $20; snap for $175. 777%
Market «U ' - - : - r -:•¦-.
A — 8-ROOM flat: elegantly furnished ;Geary et.;
price $000; easy terms. ?77i£ Market st.
A — 8 ROOMS, nicely furnished: good loc: rent
only $22 60; bargain; $425. 777!4 Market st.
A — 10 ROOMS;nIcely furnished; light rooms; on
Geary; only $550. CAL INVESTMENT CO.
A— BARGAIN; 12 rms. and «table,N. of Market:
good furnishings; piano, sewing machine ;rent
$35; price $050; easy terms. 777 J A Market st.
A — GOOD buy; 14 rooms, N.- of Market; Tur-
nlshed O.K.;rent S6O;prlce $C50. 777% Market.
A — SPECULATION; 16 rooms on Geary: very
, good' furniture;'/ price $300; owner .. wanted.
.'777^ Market st. • . : -,,-'¦ <. ,
A— 23 ROOMS: Eddy »t.; nicely furnished; re-
• j ducc-d to $1500; bargain. 777 \$ ; Market st. - \
26 ROOMS — Nicely '¦ furnished: housekeeping
¦ a partments : choice location ;~ clear ¦ $ 125 ; ; re-
duced to $2200, owing 'to «1f parture. r ¦ R«e
CALIFORNIA INVESTMENT CO., ,777%
Market st.
WANTING AND HAVING ARE SYNONYMOUS
: ¦"¦ SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. DR. MARTIN, wonderful splrttual heal-
. er and business medium; mining a specialty:
advice I guarantee on all business proposi-
tions to be successful. . My wonderful mag-
net will bring reconciliation and lasting peace
: with the one you love; readings by mall moet
satisfactory. $2: readings daily. $1; develop-
ing class Thursday. 8 p. m. 502 Eddy st.
AUTOMATIC writing trance medium: readings
daily 1 to 6. 50c-$l; eir. Sun.. Mon., Wed.
and Thur.. 2:30, 10c-25c. ; 11 Taylor, room 5.
PROF. Fred P. Evans, noted psychic for slate-
writing and clairvoyance;. stamp for circular.
1112 Eddy St.. nr. Octavia-: phone Scott 8S7.
ELSIE REYNOLDS' seance for full forms Mon-
; day eve., 50c. .328 Ellis st.
MRS. LESTER,, test and business medium;
circle to-night. 10c; "readings dally.- 142 6th.
KATIE HEUSSMANN'S circle Friday eve..
25c: clt. dally. 1000 Harrison: tel. Mint 997.
EDWARD EARLE. 1KB EHU. readings dally.
0:30 to 4; r«-an<-p« Sunday mid Thursday.
Cl.AHtVOYASTS.
CASHMIRE CASHMli.a
810 Ellis, near Taylor.
• .:.' The Only Psychic Intermfdiator
; 'j -,:i of Secret Power in America,
Clairvoyant, Palmist, Trance Medium.
i .<¦'.>¦.:,.•'._.-. r. ,. ¦ ¦ -
So stransre is her work, without word or
, question tells you Just -what you want to
know; tells your name In full and the name
of the one you will marry.
A— $1 THIS WEEK* $1
Wonderful, bewildering, is the work of
Cashmire. peer of all clairvoyants; her read-
Ings are a revelation; advice on love, mar-
riage, courtship, business, mines; reunites
the separated; gives secret power to controi
any one in 21 days; removes ev|l influences;
j develops mediums; locates hidden treasure;
' gives names, dates, facts; readings by mail.
A— PAUL DESTINE. £~ ~™ '
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant
- and Palmist Ever in San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge if I fail to tell your name, oc-
cupation and what you called for; I promise to
tell you whether husband, wife or sweetheart
is true or' false: tell who and when you will
marry; in fact. I will tell every hope, fear or
ambition better than you can tell .yourself; I
reunite the separated, restore lost affections,
cause happy marriage, give good luck, restore
lost, enenrv: 10 a. m. to 8 d. m.: Sundar. 2 to 6.
326 O'Farrell at. Low f«w this week— $1.
MME. Kf. BERNARD, .THE FAMOUS
Clairvdyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third St., next Examiner
bldg.; she reads your Hfye correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur in the future; if you are In trouble,
dj»coi tented • or not satisfied with life, or
have domestic, love or business troubles, con-
sult this great medium and you will be told
how to overcome them; va'uable advic*e In all
¦ affairs of life: 25c up; satisfaction guaran-
teed: readings by mall. Tel. Black 45C9.
YOUR life clearly revealed by Miss Zemdar,
young, gifted clair. and palm.; has second
sight; Is a wonderful prophetess: I have as-
tonished thousands with my wonderful, cor-
rect .horoscope of their lives, past, present
and future: I correctly treat your love af-
fairs, domestic- trouble, bus. and financial
success; names; I, 50c; g. $1. hrs. 10 to 9.
714 Franklin st.. nr. Golden Gate ave.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypcy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
et., cor. Turk; private readings dally, 10 a.
m. to 5 p. m. ; readings by mall as satisfac-
tory as in person; 3 questions answered, $1;
full life, $3; send lock of hair, date of year
of birth; don't send currency: send postofflce,
Wells-Fargo money order or registered letter.
MME. MARCELLAJust returned from ex^
tended tour, reads past, present and future
by ancient Egyptian egg method and Le Nor-
mand carde; fee, $1. 1613 Lyon St., bet.
¦ Bush and Pine: phone Geary 2657.
MME. PARKHURST. clairvoyant and card
reader; business advice; sittings dally, 9 a.m.
to 8 p.m. ; prices 25c up. 38 McAllister ht.
MRS. A. H. KRONENBERO, palmist, clalr-
voyant, card reader: when others fall try me;
good reading 10c. 721 Franklin, nr. O. G. ave. -
A — Mme. Rftvenna reads life, business advice;
names given; 25c up. 5 4th st.. ne*ar Market.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader, re-
moved from 132 6th to 23^4 6th; la. 25c, g. 50c.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; la. 25c.
gents 50c. 951 Mission St., nr. 6th open Sun.
MISS WARD, for a few days. 917 Market, r.
11-12; gives names, dates, - facts. -Hours 11-9.
MRS. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune-
teller. is now at 317 Ellis st.
MRS. WYZAN. clairvoyant card reader: names;
25c; satisfaction.. 1008 Harrison St., nr. Cth.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader In city.
- 26^4 Kearny. room 20; ladies. 25c; gents. 60c.
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader; sit-
tings dally. 44$Va Jessie st.. bet. 6th and 6th.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
. DENTISTS.
DR. GRUSS. 504-%-6 Callagh^b^gTlrtarket
and McAllister sts., uses the Basford Obtun-
der; the only device ever Invented for grind-
Ing, drilling and excavating teeth without
pain.' For demonstration call at office. \
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market.nr.Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when -plates are
n»adt; old plates made over like new; teeth
from ?S per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
A NEW plate— The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yra.; crown, $3 50; fillings, 50c:
plates.. $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Set teeth $1 50 up; crowns $2 up; fillings 25c.
GOLD fillings. 75c; silver, 35c; crowns. $2: no
pain: open Sunday. Dr. O.B.Hewitt,204Sutter
A. ARTHUR CHISHOLM, surgeon dentist,
room 14, Phelan building. San Francisco.
DRRSSHAKRHS AND SEAMSTRESSES
Accordion, sunburst & knife plaiting; double
stamps on dress linings. 'Stewart's button &
buttonhole factory, 110 Taylor; tel.Folsom 2121
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School —
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. 1019 Mkt.
4 EDUCATIONAL.
ANOTHEfT" enlargement at CALIFORNIA
BUSINESS COLLEGK; an army of workmen
• are putting the finishing touches on our new
home s »01-925 Golden Gate ave. The develop-
ment of this progressive school has been one
of the greatest successes of the West; 18,000
square feet. Ho rooms, 45 students, 18 teach-
ers. Write for 75-page illustrated catalogue.
The growing life and enthusiasm here will be
¦ a constant Inspiration trj you.
AYRES, the leading business college, T-J3 Mar-
ket St.; established IS years; life scholarship,
$00; booRkecplnp, shorthand, touch typing,
arithmetic, spelling, etc.; positions secured;
the college refurnished with new typewriters
and" furniture January 1. Catalogue free.
NEW" Juvenile department of the Paul Gerson
School of Acting now open; applicants re-
I celvcJ from C to 12 years of age; Miss Lillian
1 Muscto, principal: exceptional advantages;
largest school of the klnc! Imthe West: send
for catalogue. Native Sons' Hall, 414 Mason.
HKALD'S BUSINESS fcOLLEGE, 24 POST. S.
F. — Bookkecpinp;, shorthand, tcuch typing,
languages, telegraphy. English branches; day
and night sessions; illustrated catalogue free.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the university, law and medical colleges;
ref.. President Jordan or any Stanford profes-
sor; tiny and evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
HfNMAN'S Academy; a thorough school of
dancing; established 20 years. 1412 Polk st.,
between Pino and California; both adult and
children's classes arc now open for the season.
A LARGER and better school than ever; enter
at once If you desire a good position: Gregg
shorthand. Ellis bookkeeping. S.' F. Business
College. 123G Market st.
FRENCH ELEMENTARY COURSE, thrice a
week, $2 a month; simplest method; will be-
gin : January* 18 i at \ 11 o'clock: trial free.
423 .Sutter st. -..-¦. , , '¦-¦ -..' ~.-i': , ...
HEA_LD'S School of Mines & Electricity, 24 Post
st..S. F.; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec, min., mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, ev.; est. 1864. Van
':; der Naillen School, 113 Fulton, mr. City Hall.
ST.- JOSEPH'S ACADEMY,' Peralta Park".
Berkeley, boarding ; school for boys under 13.
y-BRO. GENEBERN. Director. ¦....-. -
DANCING I Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday, J Sun-
: - day : evg*;, Teutonia Hall, Howard st.. near
"9th. -Prof. Foster; society dancing taught.
KENT Law School; always open; conducted by
practical lawyers. 536 Parrott building.
BANJO, mandolin , and guitar '. thoroughly
taught: orchestra oractlce. 462 Geary st. .
SPANISH.French.etcProf.De Flllppe's Academy
: of langujiges,320Post;estab'd lS71;able«!t profs.
PIANO * lessono, ; 25c ; half~hour. MRsTpECk",
; ' experienced teacher, . 1013 : Mission, nr. „ Sixth,
SCHOOL OP- ILLUSTRATION. . : . . . . .Day and
, PARTINGTON'S.424 line St.... Night class.
ARITHMETIC; bookkeeping, grammar." writing,
. etc. : day or ev«.; $5 mo. 1024 Mtsslon.nr. 6th.
A WEEK'S news for 5 centa— The Weekly Ca.ll,
. 16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
. ¦¦•¦ -;¦••¦-. ¦ • ¦ -..•¦-. a ...•¦¦¦¦¦.¦¦:•¦ ¦ <¦¦_-¦-,*.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY. JANUARY 18. 1904.
9
noO3IS FOR HODSEKEEPIXG.
BUSH. 1323. overlooking Van Ness ave. — A 3-
rooni flat: newly furnished: entirely separate;
sun all day; private family; references.
FOLSOM, 1»4T— Lower part of house complete;
piano.
FRANKLIN, 45 — Sunny connecting house-
keeping rooms; $15; also single. 5G. $3, $1<>.
GEARY. 1C02 — Nicely furnished sunny rooms,
en suite or sing\e; housekeeping privileges;
running water: gaa; reasonable. .'.'.'¦¦.:
GEARY, 13S1— Elecantly furnished suite of J
rooms; drawing-room: single room.
HOWARD, 7O1B — Front housekeeping room,
with kitchen, gas. bath, hot water; call to-
day; $11. . ¦ •¦-:.V^;
HOWARD. 1"51<> — Single room, nicely furnished
and sunny, and housekeeping. : - ?--
JACKSON. 1311 A— Two front rooma furnished
for housekeeping.
KN1CKERBOCKKP. Apartments. 1340 Pine «,t.,
near II- de — Sunny 2-room furnished suites;
steam heat: electric lighted: free baths;
rates $30 up.
LARKIN. 1X57. near Clay — Three handsome
furnished sonny rooms; 2 cloeets: 2 folding-
beds; $17. <-':"•'¦
MINNA, 614 — Nice housekeeping rooms.
MODEL House, 120ti StocKton — Newly furnished
hskpg.. tingle rms.. $5*11": gas. bath, phone.
NINTH. 1&7 — Two nice housekeeping rooms and
one single.
PIERCE, 410, near Oak — 2 nice furnished or
unfurnished rooms; privilege of housekeeping.
POLK, 1020.* near Geary — Neatly furnished
frcr.t nouzekeeDing rooms: reasonable.
SHIPLEY. 201— 2 rooms complete for house-
keeping: $S month.
Sl'TTER, I20C%— 3 rooms furn. complete for
housekeeping; also rocm for 1 or 2 gentlemen.
SUTTER. 2fi20— Furnished bedroom, dining-
room, kitchen; yard; bath: parlor.
T WENTJ'-S I XTH. 33(S7— $12; 2 sunny house-
keeping* rooms in the Mission warm belt.
_
m EOOMS^W ANTED— Hou»eke«pJa£.__
WANTED — 2 or 3 rooms, furnished for house-
ke<>f»lns:: give rent. Box CU5, Call. '¦¦¦*¦¦ : .* ''¦
APARTTCEKT HOUSES.
EL CARMELO — Beautiful apartment house:
just , comoleted. 1719 Washington st.. near
VanNws ave.; 3, 4, 5 and 0 rocess and bath
with each: finished in natural woods; tiled
bath rooms, etc.; genteel residence location;
convenient to car lines; rooms large and
sunny; must be seen to be appreciated.
MONTCLAIR APARTMENTS.
Corner Pine itnd Taylor sts.;- beautiful new
rrociern apartments; ail sunny corner suites;
furnished or unfurnished: none superior; ma-
rine view. LYON & IIOAG. 116 Montgomery.
_______
Cor, Clay and Larktn sts. — Modern 3-4-r^room
up-to-date apartments; furnished or unfur-
nished; all latest conveniences; reservations
can be made on premises. I to 4; terms reas.
-THE AI..CALDE APARTMENTS?
7-J5 O'FARRELL ST.; Phene Pr. Ex. 700.
Two modern apartments ot .1 rooms each,
with private baths and all the conveniences
of a private home. . » ¦ ¦
PT. CECn_Tll5 Fell, above Van Ness— The
acme of perfection In elegantly furn. 3-room
apartments; private baths, steam heat. elec.
lights, elevator, gas ranges; $30 to {25.
ST. LOUIS. 1575 Jackson St.— Modern 3-4-9
rooms, also single; furnished or unfurnished;
marine view; now open; references.
. HADDON HALL.
051 EDDY ST. REFERENCES.
APARTMENTS WAITrED.
WANTED — Apartment of 3 or 4 rooms, fur-
nished complete; state price; references.
Box 470. Call.
FURNISHED 3-room apartment wanted;
must be reasonable. Box • Get). Call.
ROOMS TO LKT Furn. and Vnlnra.
AURORA, corner Second and Foisom sts. — New
house, new . furniture; every room outside;
modern and sunny; prices from $1 60 per
week up; this Is the only up-to-date houM In
this vicinity; flrst-claas grill attached.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 14S Sixth st.— Rooms
25c to $1 per night. *1 25 to (5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
ABERDEEN. S36 Sutter— Just opened: hand-
somely fur.; cor. suites; bath: sun all day; ,
fine view; single ran.; tourists; excl. location.
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth st. >— Rooms. 25c. SOc. $1. $160 night;
$1 SO to $10 week; house open all night.
BURNETT. 142S Market (old No. 1364) — Fur-
nlsbed rooms, suite, single: also unfurnished.
BUbH, 1G2U — 2 or S light rooms, suite; running
water; suitable (or doctor or dentist.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EIGHTEENTH. 30S6— Sunny good room, par-
Ually furnished, $6 month; private family.
ELLIS. 1749 — 3 sunny, unfurnished rooms for
housekeeping In modern flat; reasonable.
FILLMORE, 926, nr. McAllister— Nicely fur-
nishtd room in fine locality; car line passes
door; reasonable; bath; gas; rhene.
GRAND Southern. Tth and Mission — Rooms 30c
tc $1 50 night: $1 to $3 week: reading-room.
JESSIE, 363, east U. S^ Mint — Furnished
rooms. $3 and {6 per month.
LARKIN. 017— Nice sunny rooms; bay-window
and single rooms.
MANHEIM. 6S2 Sutter — Sunny front rooms;
strictly first class; transient.
NATOMA, 102. corner Second — Sunny fur-
nished front rooms; $1 to $1 SO per week.
O' FARRELL. 332— Handsomely furnished back
parlor; private family; rest reasonable.
O'FARRELL, 739 — Large sunny * furnished
room: gas; bath; phone; rent reasonable;
references.
PEARL. 32 — Sunny front room for one or two
gentlemen; no signs.
Plerpont, 4.V) Ellis — Connecting rmi.. suitable
doctor; other rms.: elev. ; hot & cold water.
POLK. 705* — 2 rooms, each nicely furnished;
oni ficnt. one rear. I
ROYAL House. 12V Ellis — Incandescent lights,
reading-room, cmoking-roam and ladles* par.
lor; rooms per night. 35c to tl 50: week. $2
to (S; month. VS to S30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water: baths.
ST. JAMES. McAllister and Laguna— A suany
' furnished single room: rent $7.
STEINER. 9*>7 — 2 sunny connecting rooms;
man and wife or gentlemen singly; running
water: bath: phone; private family.
STEVENSON, K-iS — Large, furnished room for
two gentlesicn.
SUTTER. 1022 '4, nr. Hyde— 2 large sunny par-
lors and kitchen or laboratory; gas grate, etc.
TEHAMA. 1.V5— Elegant furnished room; Ger-
man; private family: $6 per month.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market — 400
rooms. 35c to $1 night. $1 75 to SO week J elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water tn every
room; elevator, read. -room; free bus; baggage.
VAX NESS ave.. 519 — F.legant front parlors and
adjoining suite* for office or club.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. near Market-
Most convenient and respectable: 700 rooms:
3.".: to $1 50 night: $2 to $S week: elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room: free bus; baggage.
WOLF Hour*. 202 Sixth— Electric Ilsht ri
every room: rcrm from 10c to si per nlgut.
75c to $3 per week: op?n all night.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Churck sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m. . ' -
ROOMS AXD BOARD.
A LARGE front sunny room and board: parlot
ftoor; gas, bath and telephone; private fam-
I ily; no other boarders: rate for . man and
wife. $50; single. $30; references exchanged.
Box 350. Call office, ¦
HOTEL HATTON
977 Pine. ¦ nr. Taylor; elegantly furnished
suites; private baths; all modern conven-
iences; excellent table.
BOARD and large . sunny room in a good lo-
cality; fine view of bay; all conveniences;
' (57 00 per month to a refined, quiet couple.
Box 477. Call. • . '
BOARD, and nicely furnished front room;
everything new. neat and clean: can only ac-
commodate two persons; references. Box 395.
Call office. ¦
ELEGANT .front, sunny alcove room; running
water, gas, bath: suitable for 2. with board;
private family; also another, room. 1224 Gold-
en Gate ave.:. phone Steiner 3626. ,:'. "
CALIFORNIA. 124ft— Most eelect location la
modern.- elegantly furnished private home;
, ; table unsurpassed : "marine view. .
NEW HOME — See our new triple-feed ma-
chines: slightly used: Sio. $13. $20; second-
hand. $3. $5. $S: all styles; guaranteec*. New
Home Sewing Machine Co.. 1051 Market st
$1* tti — NET.* improved drcp-head nickel-finish,
guaranteed 10 yrs.; 2i!-hand *>wlns machines
12 50. $-X U. ll.'> Hth at: t»l. Jessie 313B.
EIRTBS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS,
Birth, marrtaze and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. Thy must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indors^u with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once in this column
free of charge.
BORN*.
H YAMS— la this city. January II. 1904. to th«
wife of Jacob Hyarhs. a daughter.
MARRIED.
MOFFAT— SIMON— In this city January 18.
liXH. by the R«r. John A. P.. Wilson. Adam
II. Moffat of San Francisco and Lucille C.
Simon of Alameda.
DIED.
Anderson. R. J. Kilndt. There«a K.
Archer, Harry E. Lehman, Solomon
Bend»r. Th<-re«a M I^evy Isa<lore
Bernstein. Herman McArdle. John
Burnett. Je*>ie A. McLaughlln. Peter
Byrne. Michael J. Magnes. Sophie
rardall. Anna M Mermoud. Krancoi* B
Child. Donald Miller. Cecelia
fobino.Ccmelito Mooar. Prof. Geot
Collins. Elizabeth Xloore. John O
Dondero. Paul J. Multin*. Johanna
Kvans. Thonsas Ogbourne. George
Furley. John T, Ritev. Ellie
Friedman. I«aac Robertson. Francia
Funcke. Robert C. Kyan. James P.
fi*arty, James SVhulte. Rose M.
Harty. Maggie Sheehan. Mary
Ileath. Harriet O. Sllva. Ellen H
Kappeler. Caroline A. Walter. Juila H.
Keating. Cornelius
ANDERSON— In this city. January 17. 1904
Robert Jame* beloved husband of EmmA
A. Anderson, and father of Winfle'd S.. Rob-
ert J and Charles C. Anderson, Mrs. IU M.
Osier and the late Edgar C. Anderson. »
native of Ireland, aged tS9 years 14 months
and i:t day p.
ARCHfcR — In this city. January 17. 1W>4.
Harry Edward, beloved son of Edward and
the late Katherln* Archer, and brother oC
the late Katie Archer, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 2i> year** and 8» months.
C^FrleniiJ anJ acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Tuesday) January II*. 1904, at
11 o'clock, from the home of Mrs. M. Wal-
lace. X;«3 Tw#nty-third i«treet. between Mis-
sion and Valencia. Interment Mounrala
View Cemetery. Oakland, by 1 o'clock Creelt
Route boat.
BENDER — In this city. January 17. 1904.
Theresa Marie uearly beloved and only
child of Herman C. and Katie Bender, a
native of San Francl«co. aged 3 yeara 3
months and tf days. ..
O"Friend» ana acquaintances ar» respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
• Tuesday) January li*. at 1 o'clock, from,
the residence of her parent*. 1111 York street.
between Twenty-third and Twenty -fourth
streets. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
BERNSTEIX— In this city. January- 17. lOfH,
Herman Bernstein, belovetl husband of the.
late Rachel Bernstein, and father of Phillip
H., Edward A. and Louis BernsWln and
Mrs. J. Samuel " Mrs S Florentine and Mrs.
B. Brilliant of Ban Pedro. Cal.. a native of
Prussia, aged 73 years and 24 days. (Chi-
cago and Los Angeles papers please copy.)
CTFrlend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
• Tuesday) at 10 o'clock. from his late-
residence. ' 673 Fulton street, thence to Third
and Townsend streets, by 11:30 train, for
interment at Hills of Eternity Cemetery.
BURNETT — In Berkeley. January 17. 1904.
Jessie A. wife of Rev. E. L. Burnett, and
mother of Jessie E.. Mary I>oul3e. Edith A..
Clara W. and Norma F. Burnett, a natl»»
of New York.
BYRNE — In this city. January 17. 1*H.
Michael J.. beloved son of the late Thomas
and Bridget Byrne and brother o? the Rev.
Joseph and Henry F. Byrne and Mrs. Pfaff.
a native of New Orleans. La.
C7"The fuaeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday) at ll> o'clock, from St. Francis
Church wh*re a requiem high mass will b«
celebrated for the repose of his soul. Inter-
ment private.
CARDALL— In this city. January IS 19»H.
Anna M dearly beloved wife of Wlliam F.
Cardal of Alameda. a native of Germany,
aged 4C years and S months.
E3*Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend service to-morTOW
(Tuesday). January 1!>. at 10:3O o'clock, at
Trinity Episcopal Church, corner Gough aad
Bush streets. Rematns will be In state at
chapel attached to church, commencing at
9:30 o'clock to-day (Monday). Interment
I. O O. F. Cemetery.
CHILD — In the City and County Hospital.
January 17. 1904. Donald Child, a nativs ot
Ohio, aged 44.
COBINO — In this city. January 17. 19**.
Cotnclito Cobino. wife of Joaeph Coblno. and
sister of Joseph. David. John and Franls
Onetto. a native of Sutter Creek. Amador
County. Cal.. aged 20 year*.
COLLINS — In this city. January I'. 13°\.
Elizabeth Collins, beloved wife of Jeremiad
Collins, and loving mother of John. ' Mary.
Daniel and Nora Collins, a native of
D>runatra County Cork Ireland aged 83
years iProvidence. R. I., and New Bed-
ford Mass.. papers please copy.)
K7The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, frcm her lit*
residence. 1114 Bryant street, thenca to St.
Joseph's Church, where a requiem high mads
will be celebrated for the repose of her sou!,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment U>:y
Cross Cemetery. ;'-... *
DONDERO — In this city. January 15. 1904.
Paul J.. beloved son of John and Marr
Eonderc. and rrotber of John and Kati*
Dondero. a nativo of San Francisco, aged
1 year and tf rnmt.i-*.
C7Fnends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend tha funeral services
Monday. January IS. 19O4. at 1:30 o'clock,
at the residence of his car en: a. 809 Mont-
gomery avenue. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery- . . . .. ¦'.. ¦-. z
EVANS — In this city. January 17. 19O4.
Thomas beloved brother of James Evans,
a native of Charlottstown. Prince EJward
Island, aged 27 years. .
(7 Remains at the chapel of Charles H.
J. Truman A Co.. 1909 Mission street, be-
tween Fifteenth and Sixteenth.
FURLEY — In San Jose. January i*. ..904. John
Frederick Furley. beloved father of Mary
A. and Henry Furley and Mrs. George A.
Nlcholls, and brother of William Furley of
Fort Bragg and th« late Dr. C. C. Fur'ey
a native of New York City, aged ?3 yeara 4
months and 21 days.
CTFuneral «t Cypress Lawn Cemetery at
1 o'clock Monday. January 13.
FRIEDMAN— In this city. January 17. 1904.
Isaac Friedman, beloved husband of Mary
Friedman and father of Abraham Friedman.
Mrs. David Gross of Tacoma. Mrs. G«rsc»
Goldsmtth of Los Angeles and Moses E.
Friedman a native of Potand. aged W years.
(3acramento. Los Angelas and Tacom»
papers please copy.> . .
CT Notice of funeral hereafter. Pleas*
omit flowers.
FUNCKK — In thU city. January 13. 1!MV4. Rob-
ert C. Funcke. beloved husband ef Hose M.
Funcke. and youngest son of C. P. Funcke.
a native of Australia, agrd 31 years 3
months and 15 days.
(C7The funeral will tak« place to-day
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1823 Fifteenth aver.ue south. Sout>»
San Francisco. Interment Odd Fellows'
Cemetery: strictly private.
GEARTY— In this city. January 18. 1904.
James, beloved husband of Margaret Gearty.
and father of Margaret and James Oearty
and Mrs. T. S. Cotter, a native of County
Roscommon. Ireland, ag»d 64 years.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Monday.
January IS. l»04. at » o'clock, from his lat»
r-sldence. 230 Clara street, thence t» St.
Patrick's Church, where a requiem n!gn
mass wiM be celebrated for the rescse of,
his soul, commraclni at »:3O o'clock. In-
terment Holv Cress Cemetery.
HARTY— In Holllster January 1«. 1*M. Mag-
gie Harty beloved daughter of Mrs. De'.la
Harty and the late Roger Harty. and sister
of Mrs. Cottle Mrs. Her«. Josie Hariy
and the late Nellie Harty. a native of San
Francisco, aged 27 years 11 months and
14 days.
Cy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend funrral services
•Wednesday. January ». 1904. at 1 o'e:oc"s.
" Continued on Page Ten.
Jgjfc Dr.R.LWalsh
WJ* " 847 Ccary SL
I bcsCy Sff saits Sarfttsgt Ball
Reduced Rates for Thirty Days
Painless Extraction 23c
niHnjsJH|t|^|!j|t^CT; j . . SOc
Crowas ...... $2.00 . to 55.00
Plate Work . . . $5.00 to S25.0O
W« 10* TX» AX XXZZ OTHJU BiX
k5.SBUSatt*kMSBSBSBBBBBBBlASBBBBBBBSBBBBBBBBBMBBBBSBBBBnil
LOST AND FOCKP..
I/OST — Wednesday night. b^tt\-r<>n cor. G«agh
and •_!••;••-<. aad Ninth ana Iioiva.ru Ms.,
lady's gold liuk«t. heart shap<- with mono- i
Fran K. E. 1). on back: 2 photic Insid?. ]
Rewtfd fcr return to 147 Xlnth st.
LOST — At «.'o'iinib!a. Saturday matinee. In gs!- ;
lery. last row. black silk umbrella, ivory
ha.r.«i!<\ silver topifc: 1". C. on sid?. Return
to o^U Golden Gate ave.: rrwarJL
LO^T — Saturday, patent papers, etc.. Market
and Third sts., or on <-ars to «"ypr' > «5 Lawn;
reward. J. K. JONES, tax offW, City Hall.
LOST— On Fillmor.. bet. I.'aicht and Fell, a
rair of rlmlfs's cold bridge eygia'ses. Lib-
eral reward return to 2217 Hush st.
L/.»S=T — Feather boa. between Lyric Ha'l and
«.T Hyde «t. Return to hXJ Hyde; liberal
reward.
LOST— An all-black cocker ppacH; liberal re-
¦u-ard. ;:':• I»ow«Il st.
BLACK, white and tan English setter: black
not or. »¦>¦»• a^d back. Return .ills ICth st.
MEDICAL.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for alT female
complaint;; Instant relief guaranteed; 30
years' experience; removed to S2C Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
tn&le troubles and Irregularities: Instant re-
li»f guaranteed. ]0CS>4 Market St.. opp. 5th.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
In trouble consult this specialist on female [
complaints: positively corrected; the unfortu-
rste helped: the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office. 101 S Market st.
l)r«. Ooodv. in. «33 Turk. nr. Van Ness— Expert
in obstetric, female complaints: ins>t. rHi<>f; !
trestrvent *i«i : tuurs, 10 :o 0: 25 jetis' «-xl«r.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES in EARS
pcsttlvely cured; new method; 1 week's treat-
ment free. Dr. Cottlngham. 204 Sutter st.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladles*
epeclalist; a private home before and during
confinement: best medical care: low fee*.
DR. and MR.*. DAVIKS an.l HINDOO HERBS;
original method cf treatment: lliu Market it.
DR. ROSEN resides 2903 Foisom "st. corner
2Cth; ladles, relief or no fee; $10.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 319 PeweTl St.. opposite
VrJcn Square; »11 diseases cured by berbs.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-band machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. l'JS-197 Fremont st.
TRY ASBESTOa roof paint and b« convinced
that it is the < r.!y paint that will stop all
leaks) In any roof, either metal or shingle; it
i& also the b«»st i-reservatlve paint for all new
tcetal and shingle roofs, and mal:es the roof
last over twice as long than painted with
any other paints; It has no equal. Office. 41a
California St.. r^oza 21: telephone James 5716.
DOES YOVR ROOF LEAK?
Repair It with elaterite: in rolls easy to lay:
needs no fainting cr ccailng; good over old
lrcn. tin or *hir.gles; best for new roofs.
ELATERITE P.OOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
ID-HAND machinery, boilers, engines, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc.. etc.. bought, sold,
rented and exchanged: »,.,. Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY CO.. 13Q-132 Beale st.
A— Fine cults. $7 50: dress pants. $2 &0. Origi-
nal Misfit Clothing Parlors, 2M Kearcy St..
near Bush; open to 9 p. m . Sunday to noon.
A — Buys, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, bciler*. water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear St.
A FINE selection of trunks, suit cases and
tailor-made sorts sold or. small weekly pay-
ments. Misfit Clothing Par!cr5. 25 Stockton.
A HANDSOME new Persian baby lamb pillow
muff and lance stole: cost $100; accept $M-
100«5 Haight Et.; phone I'age 718.
TYPEWRITERS, slightly used, sold at cost:
cew Underwood visible typewriter catalog
sent free. R. E. Re\-alk &Co.. San Francisco.
ALTERATION sale— Best $2 R0 ~ats. Jl 50.
Popular Price Hatter, 330 Kearny st.. near
Pine; open to 9 p. ::..; Sundays to noon.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 *X> pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d St.. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
C*»c ROLL and up; fine wall paper; samples
mailed; painting, tinting, papering. M. MF.R-
IGAN. 13C2 Webster. Tel. Jackson 1321.
! A 3^-KARAT diamond ring; old mine stone;
fin»?t color: Tiffany setting: great bargain.
Mayflower, ::0s Tb:ri £ t.. room lfi, 1 to 8 p. m.
A GOOD cow, giving four gallon* rich milk
per day; cheap. 403'J T*wenty-flxth st.
3 GREAT Dane bloodhounds for sale. 404
Carolina «.
STAMP collection containing ir.any rarities.
Box 463. Call oiflre.
SAILING ark for fishing apd hunting. 328
Bush st., third floor, room 4.
MILKS or pire and fittings: ail sizes. EU-
OEXE HILET & SONS. 109 Vallejo St.
EAFES acd <-ash registers, new and second-
hand. L FREEMAN. 1329 Market Et,
EOME good second-hand gasoline engines, 1 to
12 H. P.* cheap. E. B. Beck &. Co.. 122 Mkt.
SLOT machines cheap: Chicagoes. Twentieth
Centuries. Pucks. BACIGALUPI. 933 Market.
DESKS ard safes; e*e the complete line at 1S1*
Market, ab. Van Ness. RICHARDSON BROS.
EAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER^
MAXX SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st.
NEW and second-hand machinery of all kinds.
KROGH MFG. CO.. S19 Market st
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard A Breck. 131 Post st
SAFES— New and second-hand! E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market st
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. Baclgalupl. £33 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sixes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st _
ASK fcr prices on second-hand typewriters; all
makes. ALEXANDER A CO.. 110 Montg'y.
A BRANCH office cf The Call for the reception
cf advertisements and subscription has been
opened at 100S Market st., opposite Fifta.
Onen until 11 n. m.
MISCELLANEOUS WAXTS.
WANTED — 500 second-band roller skates in
good condition; give lowest price and full
partlculais. E. P. RAWLINGS, Fresno, Cal.
' ANTED — To buy a steam merry-go-round
in xl order. Address box 459. Call office.
WANTED — Stt-ond-hand roller desk; must be
cheap. Address box 403, Call.
BOOKS and libraries bought H. C HOLMES.
1H9 Market rt. : phene Jessie. 3741. or postal.
I PAY hichest prices for all kinds of cast-eff
clothing; send postal. MORRIS. S70 Fol3om.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st.: tel Jessie 2831.
3IO.VEY TO LOAA.
AAA^HERMAN MURPHY.
C01-ti02-GU3 Examiner building.
Quick tetilements; no disappointment
gave expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortcagei!. undivided inter-
ests, aeiignments of r«nts, property tn trust,
etc.: legacies, life estate** and undivided la-
frests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
6«e HERMAN MURPHY.
~ WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount on
1st. 2<i or -"i'l
Mortgage, on rial estate cr
Chattels, in dry. U.T.n
or country-
I^rr rate of Interest.
Give full particulars
cf property or chattels.
Location, etc.
Box 408, Call office.
MONEY leaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security: easy payment*: largest business in
4C principal cities. Tolman. 653 Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY refooctibie private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at '*
per ceat Interest Baldwin Jewelry Store.
M6 Market: tel. Main 1644. Branch. ID Third.
A— 1 per cent en furniture or piano: no remov-
al. Bo commifsicn. no publicity; $23 up; quick,
private, confidential. 26 Montgomery, rxn. 7.
MONET to loan on low interest: cold. «llver.
diamonds, pearl* and oreclcus stones bought
at W. J. HESTllAL'E. 10 Sixth »t
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant are..
LOANS FROM <1 TO 110.000.
NEW easy method — To wage-earners on unln-
4ors<d nute*: absolute privacy. Fidelity Loan
Company, rooms 48-49. Chronicle bldg.
TO salaried >people without security: on furni-
ture: Indorsed notes and other security. S. F.
DUconnt Agency. 143 Phelaa building.
ALL loans on diamonds and jewelry 2 per cent
cio. E. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 538 Kearny.
AT lowest rates on furniture and pianos; -trict
privacy ;no commission ;installments accepted.
BONELLL 301 Eddy. Conservatory building.
Z% OH forxsiture St pianos; $15 up: no removal;
do com. V. T REMAIN, room SI. 6 Eddy st
1 PER cent on furniture or piano. 1003 Mu-
tual Eartncs Bank bldg.. 7CS Market «L
i.n.w — rnntlnnrtl.
/vN Y sfutti on (urn* turc or el & nos i do wrnovt,! \
1cw*m rate: easy payments; no commission.
1170 Market st.. room 68.
STAH Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
fsl.iried employes. R.311. Mutual Sav. Bk.bld.
CASH Ic-antd salaried people on cotes without
ii<'or5T. MORELL. CX> Examiner building.
MONKV WANTED.
WANTED— JTCO at 10 per cent Interest; «I«-
cant tov. - n lots in San Mateo County. Box
•'-44. Call office.
mtsical instruments.
all~upriShts!
Kiir.ball. fancy walnut $30
Collard J.-.7
Pteinway JtO
Henry Heru $78
Occidental $S'J
J. & C. Flschr-r $99
X Emerjona. walnut, rosewood, mahog-
any, same as new. each $1S7
Colby, cannot be told from new $"J.'C>
Chick.ring $187
2 Stelnway?. large and small size, al-
most n^w $195-$.'*2.'>
Heine. $47."» etyle. slightly used $285
And 2C0 others.
AH pianos sold are guaranteed not to be de-
fective. Examine this list. We have never
liad such a great variety at so low a price.
Kents. $2 up; installments. $4 up. HEINE
PIANO CO.. 2".">-2:;7 Geary st. -. :
A FINK lot of bargains In second-hand pianos.
Including such makes as Stelnway. Uaines
Bros. Knabe. Eaus. Foster, Weber. Star.
Martha!! & Wendell. Sterling and other
mak^s. BENJ. CL'RTAZ & SON. IB O'Far-
rell st. ; no branches in Fan Francisco.
THIS week we shall offer some special prices
on Btork that *e d°sire to close out before
stock taking: a gouil stock to select from if
you corr.e soon. THE ZENO MAUVAIS
MUSIC COMPANY. 7t» Market st.
A FEW unredeemed storage pianos (also fur-
niture) will be sold to pay storage dirt cheap.
WIIITEHEAD'S Btcrage. 1836 Market St.
XKW p'ano* sold on $5 monthly payments.
JOS. BCHMIT2 A CO.. lti McAllister st.
A FISCHER upright piano for sale; good as
new; $135. 237 Geary st.
$C5 — UPRIGHT piano: Steck mahogany: nearly
_ cew. HORNL'NG BROS.. 216 McAllister st.
BEAUTlli'UL 3-pedal Stelnway upright piano:
perfect order: sacrifice. Keeffe's.2S5 O'Farrell.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy piano?. Cecllian piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. SOS-312 Post st,
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MUI.LER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
NICE See office to let; also fine front desk
rocm. Call at 410 California St., room 21.
MARKF.T-ST. store to lease, between Third
and Fourth !>T.s. Address box 404. Call.
' v ' PERSONALS.
A — DID you see the lady's face
In drucstore windows?
One side >oung and beautiful
The other old and wrinkled.
Examine this real and wonderful
Work now at my office
M. ELLA HARRIS.
My prices reduced one-half for a few days
longer.
Don't mi?s this exceptional offer.
Call or send for book free.
M.' ELLA HARRIS.
Chemist and Skin Specialist, 7SI O'Farrell.
PRIVATE instructions eiven to persons defi-
cient in social manners and guarantee to
enab'e them to feel at *as« and at home at
parties, balls or any other social functions;
correspondence Ptrlctly private; can only
Instruct two more pupils as my time Is
limited. Address box 497, Call.
GRADUATES of New York School of MassageT
Osteopathy, vapor and electric baths: face
vibrating machine for rheumatism: genutns
tubs, hot and cold water; trained nursea as
attendants. Prof, and Mrs. Morris. 408 Geary.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves Its growth, stops falling, cure* dandruC
and Iteming acalp; no stain or stickiness: ;
cleanses scalp; at druggists', hairdressers';
accept no substitute. Star Remedy Co.. 133$
Polk «t. . . ;¦
A NEW idea tn jewelry and Central Americas
curios. Indian curtains, draperies, shawls,
etc.; the only store In the city that earries
this. FROWISS & SON. 1239 Polk. nr. Sutter
NOT how cheap but how good is the motto of
the manufacturers of the Rapid Rotary
Standard the sewing-machine of to-day. J.
W. EVA2CS. agent. 1021 Market st.
PHYSICIAN. 15 years' experience, cures per-
manently inorphlne, cocaine habit. Call or
address Central Pharmacy. 251 Grant are.,
corner Sutter St.: fee moderate.
JIMMY CARROLL'S Academy of Boxing and
General Physical Training School Its at the
Lurline Baths. . '
SPECIAL OFFER for 1 mo.; iadl«s' suits maie
to order; flr?t-class work: $10; with material
furnished $20 up. At M. WILSON. 380 Geary.
DRUNKENNESS morphine and all drugs dis-
eases positively cured by Willow Bark Co..
1S39 Polk et. ; consultation free: call or write.
LIQUOR habit cured In 2 days or no chanrei:
guaranteed. Acme Liquor Cure Co.. 997 Mar-
ket st.. room 203; phone South 731.
AT less than cost, uncalled for suits, overcoats.
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor. 721 Market st.
DANCING Tuteday. Thursday. Saturday, Sun-
cay evgs.. Teutonia Hall. Howard St.. near
9th: Prof. Foster; society dancing taught.
MRS. Eaten, elwtric needle specialist, 363 Sut-
ter. r. 6C0. Miss Eaton, 23:1 Geary, room 3S.
SUPERFLUOUS hair, moles perm, removed
by electrolysis. Mrs. L. B. Johnson. 133 Post.
Bon Marche Pants Co. ; special $5 pants to or-
der. Rooms 14 & 16. 40 Ellis. Tel. Drumm 44.
MASQUEHADE coetumes. play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
tric needle. Dr. & Mrs. Traverse. 1170 Market.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pants $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1: at all druggists'.
PALMISTRY.
MME. DEVAS. scientific palmist and astrolo-
gist; palm readings $1: 3 questions by ex-
press. $1 ; open Tuesday eve. also. 139 Post st.
MME. NEERGARD. located at 242 Pout; hours
1 to 5 daily. Phor.e Jam«s I. Classes.
H. JEHOME FOSKLLI. scientific palmist. 515
T&ylon *e*n. n^ftr Phon^ Plfick 56X>
PHYSICIANS AND SUKUEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence]'
1021% Market et.. bet. 6th and "th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
DR. M. MATSUDA baa returned from Orient.
Now at SE. corner Geary and Taylor sts.
BLOOD skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073 % Market «t.
REMOVED — DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor.
treats- all diseases of the human body: for
past four years at 115-117 Mason; low lo-
cated at COT Geary st.. near Leavenworth.
DR. TO.VG PO CHY. successor to Dr. LI Po
Tal, herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
: WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor — AU'd'.s-
ease* rtirfd by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay st.
PIVIPEXa NOTICES. "
THE Phcenix. Savings, Building and Loan As-
sociation, 510 California st.. San Franclbco,
has declared a dividend for the etx months
ending December -0, 1398, at the annual rate
cf 0 j>er cent on general capital stock, « per
cent on term certificates and 4^ per cent on
Favinss accounts, the latter being withdraw-
able upen the same general terms and condi-
tions as are usual with savings banks.
The Phoenix has a paid in capital of $1 -
000,000 ' and a reserve fund and surplus of
JIUO.ihX*. Its directors are: A. A. Watkins.
president: Ch3rlcs R. Bishop, vice president-
H. Premiss Smith. treasurer: Clarence
Grange, secretary and managing director-
Gavin McNab. attorney; Charles E. Ladd and
George C Beard man.
BAN FRANCISCO and Suburban Home Bulld-
. ing Society. Oth floor. Mutual Savings Bank
building.' 70S Market st.. opposite Third—
For the half-year ending 31st of December
1903. a dividend has been declared at the
rate per annum of (12) twelve per cent on
capital stock and participating certificates
free of taxes, payable on and after SATUR-
DAY. January 2. 1904. JOSEPH A. LEON-
ARD. Manager. HUGH CRAIO. Sirretar*.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No T
Smith Premier. $25: other typewriters at !
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 50. The
Typewriter Exchange. 636 California st. .
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each;' get par.
tlculars of L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont,
romery st. .
A typewriter at any prl.-e; agents Fay-Sholes,
$100: Sun. $40: Commercial. $35: Postal. $23.
CUNNINGHAM. CURTIS3 * WELCH.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriting Inspec. Co., BOS Market.
\ MUIUtAY A- READY. C3*-C3r. Clay mjLi
Ph*ne Main 3S4S.
racing Employment and Labor Agent*.
;»« »< »ave i;*» n hope to
«*.00 n»«, »ork. incr.-aaj «),0u9.
SPECIALS.
2 tsachinists. tountry factory: 2 boiler-niak-
e.->. country >hr. : .. $5 50 day: blacksmith, coun-
try. fZ dfay: t<lack?mlih hdper. cit- boy for
factory, city. IV week; 5 laborer*, luig gold
3 "I** *? *5OT"TH
O>"k. hotel. n«-*r city. *"*» »nd found: rook
and helper, country hot»>l. fare, advanced. $3O;
and round: baker, ooantry *hcp. Soli and found:
m baker'* beljter. country. *3..» and fount!: bak-
er's h»lper. <ity. $->0 and found: farmer anJ
Jrt£«V "•*? pia'-e. free boss here: gardener, city.
$UT< «nd found; nurseryman, near citv, $26 and
MURRAY ic r.EArtY* Glt5ir& >1 Cl*y st.
• ¦ •
A— WOODCHOPPERjs.
trre c,ooi>— its l % ig.
ZT< Woodchoppers.
To 'cut cord wood ;or big lumber company.
T>J«od . Pri . e ?. : K0c per cord
P!tif*f«jd SI U5 J.«x cord
Hardwood $1 5O per cord
Good timber: fine ground to wort on; rtesdy
•ummt-r and winter; Ix-u^r ro.
Hie money can \~*- made.
MttR.\Y 4c READY. CJ4-*".i: Clay st.
A^ Z L
Men to learn the fcarber trade In two months
a&d secure good po«l*.ions: catalogue and tall
InJormaticn mailed free. MOLEK System
CcUege, €35 Cl«.y st.
GOVERNMENT portions— Call at rocm 14.
fifth floor. 3CS I— rk'.n et.. for free informattcn
as to positiccs. salaries, age limits, etc.: day
or evenings. ;
Wanted— IV ur experienced tailoring solicit-
or*. Apply McCKYSTI-E 4 WADE. 3 Eddy
*st.. rooms 1 and 2.
tVHT pay big prices to have your shoes half-
soled whea you can get It dene for 25c. £0e
acd COc while you wait at £63 Mission St..
fceu 1st and . 1 etc.. or II Third st.
WANTED — Young porter for barbr shop. 204
Battery st.
- BARBER: steady; ur.ion man; $16 a we»k.
20"7 Mission ft.
FIRST -CLASP Faloon per^r Tvantetf at ir.2 Eaot
et. ; call «ar;y; wages $v to S12.
"VVANTEn— Hot'l niw at New Golden Gate
Hotel. 164 Fourth st.
• F.ARBERS — For sale, two-chair *hop: well fur-
nished; good business. Box T3«J. Call office.
TWO-CHAIR barber Fhor> for *»;•>: established
- seven years. Apply 222 Gough st.
TRY our tnec's ehces. union made, at SI and
(1 tO per pair, foot-form ehoes at <2 50. ur
ertfcepeflic tfcoes. S3 50; best ehoea on earth. 11
Third ct . rixa-. . bldg.. :¦ doors from Market.
EXPERIENCED business men and women de-
siring mercantile position with good com-
pensation are requested to rail on the Royal
Mercantile Cc. suite IS. Columbian building.
¦Mlej Market st.. or to &52 Broadway, Oakland.
• BARBERS, take notice" — The office of secre-
tary and Free Employment Bureau has re-
moved to 8 City Hall ave. cr 1504 Market «..
at Journeymen Barbers' Union, Local 14S.
JOS. R. BLEILY.
. WANTED — Your.r man about 20 rears of age
to «•-;¦.•' in keeping ledger and to do collect-
ing. Or.iy tho«e with h.ghest references need
¦4>p!y. I. MAGNIN & CO., 43-53 Ellis st.
tv ANTED — Men and women to learn the
barber tr*6>; wage* paid while learning.
Call cr mi6r**i9 WESTERN COLLEGE OK
. BARBERS. t>47 Ccmmerclal *t..San Francisco.
TAILORS — Coatmaker Md par.tsmaiier wentM
for the counirv; uteadv place. AP.N'. S TE*N,
FIMON A CO.. Market and Second Ms.. San
Fran i-i sco.
WANTED— A f.rictly first-class and expori-
• ' esced younx «r.an stenographer for a finan-
cial office; salary «C0 per month. Box
••*\(L Os.ll
WANTED — »- a:: arosnd bookbinder: one who
can do f-.-wsT-'-.Tc and finishing on full
bound* Apply EA.VBOKN. VAIL & CO.. 741
Market et.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, has
«<!fie<! ICO cew rocnn to the Denver House.
?17 Third «.; 250 rooma; 25c to 50c per right.
TRY our men's shoes union made, at $1 »r.a
II 50 pair; foot-form *hoea at J2 50; we pay
• sprees cr mail charges. 11 3d «t.. Exam. bid.
CLOAK MA KERS to learn laiJI's" tailoring.
• ¦utting and fitting: term* reasonable. Ad-
-<•»«* HOENIG. *»19 Post »t.
1OO YOUNG mea of IS year*, with rood char-
acter, to organize military organization.
?Jail at 473 Valencia *t.. bet. 6 and h p. m.
YOUNG man «"xr>»ri<'nc«»d in office work, one
who cat do typewriting preferred. Box 4*5,
Call office.
.PEE the Pacific Business Association. 114S
Market, fcr bargains in real estate and
'.>::¦.* chances.
A MAX who thoroughly understands the print-
ing bur: ness to attend to office: permanent;
references; experience. Address box 744, Call.
WANTED — A ir.Eit experienced in putting up
«l*sk* *nd blackboards: must be good work-
rear. Addreas brx 401. Csji*.
WANTED— A fint-c!«ff carriage b!ack«m:th
at rood »ajr<-s An>iy to A. ME1STEK Jr.
SONS CO.. Sacrarccnto.- Cal.
PENSION ATTT.. M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis St.: 14
years' -practice; references frcm thousands of
:•---.' fcr whom I have secured pensions.
Wa.NTRD — Office boy; apply with references.
Ecx 47S. call.
BARBER! 1 — Be«t S-chair downtown shop for
sale; tarty going East. Box 639. CalL
"WANTED — Men and women to learn the
fc.rber trade; good chance. G27 Clay it.
BARBER revolving-chair shop; price $30; a
er.ar; rent $5. ie74 Mission st.
1CUEIC1ANS to Join military band. 22S Bush
»•... third fonr. room 4.
THREE-CHAIR barber shop for sale; strictly
modem. 137 Third *t.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for deep-water
triips. Apply DENT'S place. M Eteuart st_
MEN to learn barber trade. Ean Francisco
' Barter College. 741A Howard st.
PENEICN atty.. E. A. -B ulHs. room 40. Phelan
bidr. Past Com. Geo H. Thomas Post. G.A.R.
HcDONALD * PERRY have a large stock of
rew ar.d second-hand shoe*; cheap. 239 3d st.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. neaTsiar-
Jtet— 700 rocrr.*: 35c night; reading rooms;
*>•• 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH efnee of The Call for the reception
ef advertisements asd rubecrtptiona has beea
opened at 100$ Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open GEtil 11 p. m. ' = . : ~
ALL sires rain's shoes, slightly damaged, V.alf
price SC3 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 3d sts.
GET your shoe* half soled while waiting; 25c
to SOc £Ct Minion *t.. bet. 1st acg 2d sts.
HORSES AVI) WAGONS.
SS HEAD of soort work horses ani mares, suit-
able fcr contractor* or ranch woric. must be
*old; auction rales every Monday at 11
o'clcck at niris-st. Stable. 615 Ellis St.: if
- >cu v.ar.t to bi:>. eel or exchange anything
m our tine give u* a call; all horses sold
from this establishment must be as repre-
eenterf. s. \v ATKINS. Auctioneer.
FOR ti.i» — Handsorr.e trap, cheap. Box 3733.
Call .me*.
Al EXPRESS wagon. !i*pht canspinjr waff3?
sn<! ro-cart fcr rale cheap. 532 Mission st.
L*rrest astcrtrrt *"-hand wagons, buckb'd. sur-
rey.hamett.T.ork.»!rlvlr.g horses. 15th- Valencia.
UOILSES TO LET.
A- — PRINTED Us* of iimRi to let ;; VenSTfor clr-
ruUx. C.Il.LMBSEX & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A — HOUSES and flats to let: an Immense Hut-
service ebsoiutely free: take advantage of
thU department : it will save you time and
• trouble. Cordes Furcttura Co.. 245-239 Ge*ry
St.. on Use square.
15OUFE of 8 room* and bath; rent $35. 1720
Baker ct.. r.car California.
JO?CEi\ 1SO»— Eunny modern house cf 8 rooms;
:-.i.:. view: rent reasonable.
HKFOIiE TrwwlTis; get our printed list of houses
?o let. BALT3WUJ at HOWELL. 25 Post st.
PHOLSES WA.VTED.
CAT. refined couDle would like the care
a bouse during owner's absencr. Box
-. ¦ - aXVESTMK.VTS.
- BONTS STOCKS AXD MORTGAGES.
All dl» idend-paying securities for sale.
CLHUAMA INVEST CO.. 927 Market at- I
TO USERS OF "THE CALL" WA NT ADS
ROOMS AND ROARD Continued.
HOTEL MARTIN* ET. Geary st. cad~Van~NesT
ave.. has changed hands; hereafter conducted
first-class family hotel; table board specialty.
POWELL. 502. cor. Sutter— Large sunny cor-
ner rocm far 2; terms reasonable; also single
room.
FINK rooms, with or without board, on G. G.
Park entrance. 760 tth «ve.. near Chute?.
LARGE sunny front room. $" 50 per wk. : oth-
ers at $1 per wk. ; board. $.1 23. 67O Harrison.
SUITER, 9U7 (Crjstal House)— Elegant rooms;
board optional: respectable; reasonable.
HOTEL ELSMERET41S~Sutter— Sunny rooms;
excellent tatl»; from $40: single $23.
NEWPORT. lOlS.Pino. near Taylor— Large sun-
ny mites: also single room; excellent table.
THE NIRA. 615 Taylnr— Nicely furnished, sun-
ny suites; alto tingle; excellent table.
Stevenson mansion. 807 California— Fine rooms;
new chefs; colored service; table specialty.
O'FARRELL. 308 — Furnished rooms: home
cooking; German family: $ft per week.
VAN NESS ave.. 944, corner O'Farrell— Board
and room, $S5 per month.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements aad
subscriptions has been established at 1OW
Valencia >t.
ROOMS AXD BOARD WASTED.
WANTED — Board and oleaaant room for an
elderly !ady In a renaed. quiet family: a
homelike place: state rates. Box 42^, Call.
BOARD and suite of rooms wanted for two
adults in bcardlnohouse or private family;
references exchanged. Box 4ft). Call.
WANTED— Board and 2 rooms far two adults
and boy of 12: moit be reasonable; state
price. Box 4C5. Call.
A ROOM and board wanted for a gentleman;
give rates and location. Box 413. Call office.
" SPECI At. NOTICES. ,
THE secretary of the St. Francts Girls' Di-
rectory Orphan Asylum herewith gives notice
that the following orphan, half-orphan and
abandoned boys and girls have been admitted
to the asylum at Central avenue and Waller
street from July 1. 19o:t, to January 1. 1004:
Hazel Kane. 6 yrs: CUIre Kane. 2 yrs; Hax»l
Roche. 10 yrs; Margaret Rocbe. 13 yrs; LU-
lie Ivers. 7 yrs; Edna Ivers. t> yrs; Joseph
Smld. 4 yrs: Ella Creque. 0 yrs 4 mos; CJer-
tie Robinson. 1 yr 11 mos; Edward Tansey.
7 yrs; Joseph Namoel. 3 yrs; Olander de
Fresei, 6 yrs: Hannah Murphy. 8 yrs; Patrick
Murphy. 4 yrs; Timothy Murphy. S yrs; An-
nie Farren, 10 yrs; Manuel SUvera, 6 yrs 4
mos: Andrew Varney. 5 yrs: Noble Varney.
4 yrs; Francis Mi-Carthy, 8 yrs; Elsie Mc-
Carthy, e yrs; Irvln McCarthy. 4 yrs: Eve-
lyn McCarthy. 13 yrs: Allan McCarthy 12
yrs; Paul Papeera. 3 yr?: Peril Papeera. 2
yrs; Francis Hombeck. 12 yrs; George Bo-
han. 6 yra; Frank Cacaee. 4 yrs; Annie
O'Connor. 10 yrs; Ruth Courtland, 11 yrs;
Daisy Sargent. 5 yrs « mos; Harry Holver-
son. 7 yrs: Mary Matthews. S yrs; Rose Mat-
thews 5 yrs: Frank Matthews. *£ yrs tf mes:
Joseph Waters. 6 yrs 0 mos; Thomas Waters
4 yrs 5 mos; Ruth Smith. 10 yrs; Mary Mag-
gio. 10 yrs: Raphael Maggto. 8 yrs; Louisa
Koerlg. ft yrs; John Reardon. 6 yrs: Ed. lie
Reaitlon. 4 yrs; Mabel Adams, 8 yrs; Georg*
Adams. 6 yrs; Frank Adams. 3 yrs: Harold
Fpregue, 10'yrs; Lesley Spregue. 8 yrs; Marie
Drendand. 6 yrs: Victor Drendand. 3 yrs:
I.on-y Wolf. 2 yrs 6 mos; Stella Panla. 10
yrs 6 mes: Dorothy Roe, 12 yrs; Mary Clark.
10 yrs; Agnes Clark. 9 yrs 3 mos; Annie
Clark. 7 yrs; Catherine Clark. 6 yrs; Frank
Ivers, 4 yrs; Madeline Clark. 2 yrs; David
Mitchell. S yrs 4 mos; Rose Mitchell. 8 yrs
11 mos; Catherine Coyle. 8 yrs: Dan Coyle.
6 yrs; Francis Coyle. 5 yrs; Hannah Coyle.
2 yrs: Francis Everding. S yrs; Thomas
Ererding. 2 yrs: Mary Schluch. 10 yrs:
George Voslne. 3 yrs; Leo Goethals. 7 yrs;
Herbert Kairtes. S yrs; Rose Kalries, 6 yrs:
Isabella Bedella. 7 ym; Ellen Ante. 11 yrs:
George Tracy. « yrs; George Hunter. 7 yrs 6
mos; Henrv Foster. 8 yrs: Eva Narvis, 7
yrs; Josephine Narvis. 3 yrs: Ira Malnburg,
6 yrs: Leonard Malnburg. 7 yrs: Mary Caro-
line Nowlan. 6 yrs 11 mos.
THE Pacific Hebrew Orphan Asylum and Horn*
Society hereby wives notice that they have
admitted Into the orphanage from July 1.
1903. to January 1. 1904, the following-
ndraed orphans and half-orphans, boys and
girts, viz.: Rebecca Rablnowltz. aged X
yrs. 4 mos.: Tony Rablnowltt. ag?d 3 yrs. 9
mos.: Lillie Goldberg, aged S yrs. 4 mos.:
Ho«l« Gcldberg. aged 6 yrs; Israel Forman,
aged 4 yrs. 5 mos. : Rebecca Fabian, aged 9
yrs. 2 rro«.: Philip Fabian, aged 7 yrs. 11
mos.; Fanny Fabian, aged <$ yrs. 3 mos.;
Julius Cohen, aged 4 yrs. S mos.; 'Paulina
Ghlnsburg. 11 yrs. 3 mos.
THE following children have been entered at
the San Francisco Nursery for Homeless
Children: George James Miller, age I rear;
Anita Mulligan, age S*£ years: Joseph Mulli-
gan, age 3*4 years, and Veronica Mulligis.
age 2 years, all half orphans. .'-. ¦-
A— EMPORIUM Storage A Van Co.; furniture.
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 723-
731 Howard St.. nr. Third: Dhone Grant 161.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Morlng Co., of-
fice Post and Powell sts. : tel. Prlvc. Ex. 371.
CONKLIN'S storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave.: phone East 120.
GOLDEN West Storage: advances made; &40
Mission at.; tel. Howard SHI. F. W. Zthfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore St.; phone Jackson 2SL
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
st.: tel. Main 1840. shipping at cut rates.
STUTTERIXG AXD 8TAMMEM1XQ.
MELBOURNE School, Van Nes*-Market— Cur«
in ever}- rase: individual teaching: no medi-
cine. Inquire Into wonderful cures: home cure.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
CENTRAL PACIFIC RAILWAY COMPANT
FIRST REFUNDING MORTGAGE BONDS—
Notice is hereby given that, pursuant to the
provision of Article Eight of the mortraz*
from this Company to the Central Trust Com.
pany of New York. Trustee, dated August 1.
1S99. this Company has set apart out ot the
set Income derived by it from the lines of
railroad therein mortgaged the sum of Twen-
ty-five thousand dollars In trust to be used
to redeem said bonds, and that bonds Issued
under said mortgage will be redeemed there.
with and bids are hereby Invited for the sur-
render of such bonds at prices to b>% named by
the bidders, to the amount requlslta to ex-
haust said sum. Such bids should be pre-
sented to this Company at Its office. 120
Broadway, in the City ot New Turk, oa or
before the 1st day of February. 1004. at
twelve o'clock noon, and should be Indorsed
"Bids for Surrender of Central Pacific Rail-
way Company First Refunding Bonds."
CENTRAL PACIFIC RAILWAY COMPANT.
By E. H. HARRIMAX. President.
New York. January 2. 10O4.
~ PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for shirting flannel, depot quar-
termaster's office, atJ New Montgomery st..
San Francisco, Cal., Jan. 18, 1904.— Sealed
proposals. In triplicate, will be received at
this office until 10 o'clock a. ra.. Monday.
Feb. 1. 1904, Pacific Standard Time, and
then opened, for furnishing 325,000 yards
olive drab shirting flannel, to be subject to
an Increase of IS) per cent if desired by this
! Department. . Bids will be for the
delivery of the same article at the San Fran-
cisco, Boston. Chicago. Philadelphia and
New York depots. To avoid misunderstand-
ing as to the exact nature of the article to
be furnished, bidders will carefully examine
the standard sample and specification*, so
that proposals may be submitted by them
with a 'full knowledge of what will be re-
quired, as an absolute compliance with the
standard and specifications will be Insisted
upon in the Inspection of the goods. Un-
guaranteed bids and bids upon samples dif-
fering from standard and specifications will
under no circumstances be entertained. Pro-
posal* for less quantity than advertised for
will be entertained. Bids for delivery or
inrpectlon at other points than those named
above will not be considered. Early delrrer-
I'M nr" r^sent'.al. Bidders mui: state In tbelr
proposals the rate and time of - delivery
should contract be awarded to them. The
article advertised for is the same for which
bids will be opened at the other depots.
Preference will b« given to articles of do-
mestic production and manufacture, condi-
tions of price and quality being equal (in-
cluding In the price of foreign production
and manufacture the duty thereon) and sucb
preference will be given to articles of Amer-
ican production and manufacture produced
on the Pacific Coast to the extent of the con.
sumption required by the public servic*
there. The United States reserves the right
to accept or reject any or all proposals or
acy part thereof. Information and blanks
for proposals will be furnished on applica-
tion. Envelopes containing proposals will be
furnlohed on application. Envelopes contain-
ing proposals will be Indorsed "Proposals
for Shirting Flannel" and addressed to MA-
JOR C. A. DEVOL. Quartermaster. U. 8.
A.. Depot Quartermaster.
PROPOSALS for purchase of U. 8. Quarter-
master's Property. Office of Depot Quarter-
master. 56 New Montgomery st.. San Fran*
Fisco. Cal.. January 12. 1904.— Sealed pro-
posals. In triplicate, for the purchase of 173
Kbaki-covered Cork Helmets and 13,203 Arc-
tic Overshoes (one buckle) will be received In
this office until 10 o'clock a. m.. February 3,
.1904, and then opened. The Government re-
serves the right to reject any or all proposals.
Envelopes containing proposals should be
indorsed "Proposals for purchase of Quar-
termaster's property.'* and addressed to the
Depot Quartermaster. U. S. Army. San Fran-
cisco. Cal. Further particulars furnished on
application.
REAL ESTATE' — CITY FOR SALE.
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
10 PER CEN'T DOWN.
10 PER CENT EVERY SIX MONTHS
Until Your Lot Is Paid For.
Buy a lot now on Parnassus Heights, when
you have the opportunity to do so for such a
small amount cash.
ON THURSDAY. JANUARY 21, 1904.
At Our Salesroom,
_ POST ST.,
We Will Sell at Auction
r iS) Residence Lots fronting Golden Gate
i Park, comprising these 2 Blocks.
. I, .«...,.'. O
z ¦ "AxZjl — !.z
Id ' " 1 sT i\ ** ' td
> • __»U- u • ¦ j>
S '» m ' m 1 « m * ¦ %
' HU«O ST..
• 4*'
1 M-T -_3 T
E__H£__| 1
u • «* Tt&ftN T — K
t C3_s5n_ji3'
*¦ •_____«. . __—! ,l
so w «
H m . n \ » I ___
° , i l i-
being on H. Hugo and I streets. Fourth ami
Fifth avenues; also 10 lots on east line of
Fourth avenue, between Hugo and I streets.
Unprecedented Terms.
For further particular!* apply to
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
25 Post street, or to
Branch office adjoining the property, cor. II
tt. and Seventh ave. Open every day, includ-
ing Sundays and holidays..
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO., C33 Market St.
AUCTIOK
January 2C, 1904, 12 O'clock Noon I
At Our Salesrooms.
DOWNTOWN INVESTMENT.
S line of Pine St., 112:6 ft. E. of Taylor; lot
2Gxl37:G feet: No. SiTJ -Pine Ht.; 2-story and
basement resiJence. 12 spacious rooms; nomi-
nal rent of Jot); lot adjacent recently sold for
|14, 000; exceptional site for apartment house.
McALLIPTER-ST. FLATS.
Nos. 1346-48-50 McAllister St.. W. of Steiner:
lot 27x137:6 ft.; .'I magnificent new flats. 7-S-S
rooms, finished basement and attic; heavy
beamed ceilings in dining rooms, studded with
numerous fanry Incandescent lights; spacious
t>athrcom3. tiling 4 ft. high around entire
rooms; rents ¥160 per month. ¦ .
FOLSOM-ST. INVESTMENT.
Xo. 2440 Foisom St.. S. of 20th; extremely
large lot, 00x145 ft.; improvements, fine resi-
dence of 10 rooms and bath; substantial stable
of 7 stalls, windmill, etc. : rented at nominal
figure; mortgage $4000 can remain.
WASHINGTON-ST. RESIDENCE.
No. 3017 Washington St.. W. of Broderlck:
lot 25x127 :SI« ft.; elegant 2-story residence, 9
rooms and bath, brick foundation, tilgh base-
ment; mortgage ?.',oQ*) can remain.
PROBATE SALE.
Nos. 510512 Noe St.. 9. of ISth; 2 elegant
flats rented to first-class tenants at $52 GO per
mo.; sold to clone the estate of George F.
Brotchie. deceased: subject to the confirmation
of the Superior Court.
TEHAMA-ST. INVESTMENT.
Nos. 259-Oft 1^ Tehama St., N.E. of 4th; 25xS0
ft.; improvements, 2 first-class flats of 4 and 6
rooms, renting for J.T5 per month.
BRODERICK-ST. BUILDING LOT.
W. line of Brodertck st.. 82:6 ft. S. of Eddy:
lot 27:«xlOO ft.; property positively commands
ana unobstructed marine view overlooking
Golden Gate.
MISSION* 1IOMK.
No. 3773 20th St.. E. of Dolores: lot 25x114
ft.; improvements consist of residence 7 rooms
and bath and high basement; patent concrete
sidewalk, bltuminlted street; mortgage J2OO0-
rented for $16 per month.
MISSION BUILDING SITE.
"W. llr.e of Fair Oaks St.. 100 ft. S of 25th;
lot 50x115 ft.: property so situated that it
commands a magnificent view; most desirable
site for residence or fiats.
NOE-ST. BUILDING LOT.
E. line of Noe Ft., 28 ft. S. of Ford, between
17th and 18th ets.: lot 23x100 ft.: desirable
building site in a delightful part of the Mis-
sion warm belt.
FOURTEENTH-ST. CORNER.
S.E. cor. 14th and Natoma sts.; lot 25x74 ft :
Improvements, store and 2 living rooms and flat
of 5 rooms ab-jve; rents $50; room at rear of
lot to erect two more flats facing Natoma st
MISSION BUSINESS INVESTMENT.
E. line of San Jose ave., near Guerrero and
2Sth sts.; Nos. 663 to 667 «i; 2 elegant stores
and 2 fine fiats of 5 rooms and porcelain bath
each; new gas fixtures; wooden mantels etc •
almost new; lot C«:8xS7:10 ft.; rents $71 per
month. ,•.-. t-fi
For further particulars apply
EASTON. ELDRIDOE & CO.,
. C33 Market st.
CALIFORNIA House Wrecking Co. pays the
highest price for buildings and will wr*ck
the largest building completely within 10
days. Northwest corner Mission and Tenth
sts., office and yard.
$S750 — ELEGANT new 2-flat houses:- income
$870 per year; substantially built. See
owner on premises. 1373 Masonic ave., bet.
Waller and Frederick st.
$1600— S-ROOM noise with lot. 2oxl00; 35
Francis wt.. >4 block from Mission cars.
D. COFFIN & CO.. 3303 Mission st.
BUILD on your unimproved realty: w« loan
full cost Improv. and part lot at 6 per cent.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building.
2 NICE level lots on A St.. near 6th ave.;
cheap. Apply I. Burgoyne, 2119 Pt. Lobos av.
LOTS. N or S side of Go!d«n Gate Park, pur-
chased by W. J. GUNN. 530 California st_
LATEST system sanitary plumlilne. Phoo*
Ahlbach & Mayer, plumbers. S3K Howard st.
! CHEAPEST and best "in America — The Weekly
Call. 10 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada enc year for $1,
postage paid.
REAL ESTATE— Country— For Sitle.
i $10 A MONTH buys a 10-acre farm! "
(200 profit per annum per acre.
Write for booklet. It's free. CO3 J at.
WRIGHT fc K1MBKOUGH. Sacramento. Cal.
ALFALFA lands; stock ranches, orchards.-
vineyards: Inspected bargains: monthly cata-
lcgues sent free. CM. WOOSTER CO.. 613
Market st.
I'OIVi' RICHMOXU REAL ESTATR. .
i LOTS cheap for cash. 32S < Bush at., rooni
4. third flY-or.
WATER front lots and bargains: all tracts:
maps, photos, etc. BELL. 417 Patron bid*.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHAXCK.-
A 1C0-ACRE ranch with R5 acres in full bear'
Ing orchard : house, barn, etc., to exchange.
P.' C. LASSEN & CO.. 4C6 Tenth at Oak-
land. Cal. - '
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'M'NTS
BERKELEY RE AX i ESTATE. .
BARGAINS — We buy.- sell, exchange or build
MURPOCK>& CO.. Lorln Station. Berkeley.
0 AKLANIX AD VERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
SPECIAL bargain — A, fine 7- room cottage;
large lot; all street work. done; good loca-
tion; easy terms; price 52750. P. c. LAS-
BEN t CO.. 466 Tenth st.. Oakland, Cal.
OAKLAKP FCRXITUa.K^FOJRy SALE.
TO-MORROW the day tor ¦ bargains tn furni-
ture. H. Schellhaas, 11th st. .cor.store, Oaklani.NOTE — The high ¦ and low waters oceur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide Is the eacie at both places.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Tiros and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent. 'iVl^MHiillWIIBW
Sun, Moon and Tide.
REAIj ESTATE TRANSACTION'S.
George a. Newhall to Bertha Greenberg.
lot on W line of Franklin etreet. 103-3 S of
Broadway. 0:3 by W 120; $40
Joseph and itertha Greenbere to Henry
Mey*r. lot en W line of Franklin Mreet
127:lo«i N or Pacific. JC 0:3 by W 60- S10 '
Herman and Bertha Zadlg to George A. Ne'w
hali. lot on TV line of Franklin street 73-3 s
of Broadway. S 0:3 by W 120; $10.
Daniel and Anna M. Jetton to Mary A.
Madipcn <wlfe'or George E.), lot on. NE cor
ner or Ellis aad Hollis streets. E C5 by N SO;
Geonte E. Madison to Mary A. Madison, lot
on NW corner of Franklin and Ellis streets,
N S«:« by W 37:8; gift.
I. C. Scharff to Jacob Wand. lot on N line of
<>*ry street. 110 W of Laguna, W 27:6 by N
£7:6; C10
Geo.-ge M. Oonverw? to Blanche Converse lot
on XE corner of Ellis and HoliU streets, E 63
by S t*Q'. $10.
Ernert A. and Annie E. Sturse to Ernest
A. Buchae. lot on W line of Buchannan street
SO K of Waller. S 2S:6 by W W); UQ.
Franklin Wood to Harry M. Bernstein, lot on
W line of make ttreet. R.'iS:'! N of Point Lobos
•venue, N £5. W 30:1. TV 00:3. S 29:1. E 120;
Mary V. MrGurn. Samuel J. and John H.
Her.dyrlo Joshua Hcndy Machine Works, |ot
OB NW corner of Francisco and Kearny streets.
Training Ship Docks.
The German training ship Herzogln Cecille
came to Howard-street dock 1 yesterday. , All
Cay .long a curious throng paid visits to her.
Many went on board and tumbled around tho
wet decks, but the majority contented them
selves with standing: on the wharf in the rain
and watching the German cadets as they ma
neuvered about the ship's deck. . ;
Uinalilla Is Overdue.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company's
steamer Umatflla, which was due to arrive yes
terday from the Sound ports, had failed to put
in an appearance up to the hour of going to
press.. She has evidently been 'delayed by the
recent heavy gales that have swept the north
ern ccas>t.
Loch Trool Arrives.
The British bark Loch Trool, Captain Main
land, arrived yesterday, 71 days from Caleta
Buena. with 22.301 bags of nitrate consigned
to Balfour, Guthrle & Co.
Shipping; Intelligence.
ARRIVED
Sunday, January 17.
Stmr Mackinaw. Storrs, 4% days from Ta
eoma.
Stmr Asuncion, ; Eridgett. 28 hours from
Ventura.
Stmr Gipsy. Leland. 21 hours from Moss
Landing and way ports.
Stmr Maggie, Coring. 4 hours from Half
moon Bay.
Stmr National City, Hammar. 17 hours from
Cleone.
Stmr j Acme. Lundautst. 36 hours from ; Eu
reka.
Schr Bessie K, Reed. 20 hours from San
Vicente Landing.
Stmr ¦ Newsboy, Adler, 40 hours from Eu
reka, 'f
Ger *tr Mera. Carstens. 129 days from Ham
burg and way ports.- .
Br ship Cissie. Farren. 145 days from Ant
werp. • :
Br bark J-«ch Trool. Mainland. 70 day» from
Caleta Buena. ¦
SAILED. .
PerBr ship Cissie— No v 24, oft Cape Horn.
Br ship Galena, Irutn Barry, for Callao.
Sunday. January 17. ;
Stmr Maggie. Corning. • Halfmoon Bay.
Stmr Noyo. Johnson. Eureka.
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander. San Diego.'
Stmr Edith. Hall. Taeoma.
Stmr Pomona. Swaneen. Eureka.
Schr Czarina., Schmalz. Sand Point.
Pchr Mary and Ida, Ipsen. Sand Point.
Schr Ida A. Campbell. Point Reyes.; .
Schr Andy Mahoney, Anderson. Grays Har
bor. • '
Schr Roy Somers. Tietjen. Grays Harbor.
Schr Maria E. Smith, Smith. Astoria.
Schr Mary Dodge. Olsen. Eureka.
Schr Antelope, Cuthrell. Coqullle River.
SPOKEN.
day in the order of occurrence as to time: the
fourth tlnoe column gives the : last tide of th!
day. except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the i soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is ' subtracted from i the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference ls the mean
of the lower low waters. • y
Stations — 21 hours, season, season.
Kureka % 1.52 21. «2 22.1T.
Red Bluff o.st 1:5.25 j::.r.i
Sacramento O.22 5.1ft «!.71
San Francisco O.B» tt.00 6.15
Fresno O.3S 1,30 ".21
Independence O.OD 0.42 0.S3
fcan Luis ObSspo 0.70 1.T.2 5.00
Lcs Angeles 0.00 0.4-J 4.f>7
San Diego 0.00 0.4l> H.00
THE COAST RECORD.
" " ""a i 2 3 w *3
? 3 25 3E S3 *r~ S
2 || 33 *S H Z
STATIONS. y 1 1 1 3 | § S" |
Baker 21>.5S 4<i ?.K NW Cloudy Tr".
('arson 2K.72 4S 42 S Snow .04
Kureka 29-80. 4« 40 S Cloudy I.o2
Farallon 4t * •'•• •••
Fresno 20. 04 «> S4 NE Rain ..!S
Flagstaff 2».00 . r .<» IS SW Clcudy .00
Pocatellfi 20.88 i 48 ItO K Cloudy .00
Independence .-JH.-Vi £14 S2 SE Cloudy .00
Los Angeles... '->!>. OS CO 44 ' S Cloudy .<!0
Mt Tamalpais. 2'J. SI 44 42 NW Foggy .87
Xorth Head •*<> .^.
Phoenix f 20.00 72 40 NE Cloudy - .Oil
Point Reyes... 20. 7S 52 42 NW Cloudy .28
Portland 20.(i« 4S 44 SW Cloudy .3S
Hcd Bluff 2D.80 4S 4S SK Rain • .:U
Roseburg 29.74 54 40 SW Cloudy .32
Sacramento ..20..M 4S 4S SE Cloudy .22
; Salt Lake.... .29.72 4S 20 SE Cloudy .CO
San Froncl»co.20.1>0 SO 4B W Pt.Cldy .69
San L. Obispo. 2!>.!>8 .14 .">8 W Cloudy .70
San Diego 2B.08 60 48 SW Cloudy .<10
Seattle 29. 5« 4S 38. S Pt.Cldy .74
Spokane 20.52 4S "-S S Cloudy Tr.
Tatoosh .".29.52 42 40 W Cloudy 1.28
Walla Walla.. 20. 58 . r -S 4S S Pt.Cldy .00
Wlnnemucca .'JO.CU SO 20 XW Cloudy .00
Yuma .'. 29.90 70 40 W Cloudy .00
WEATHEH CONDITIONS AND GEXERAL
. FORECAST.
¦ The storm Is central over Western Montana,
with a trough extending southward to Arizona
and Southern California. Cloudy weather pre
vails over the Pacific slope and rain has fallen
I from the Tehachapi . and Point Conception
j northward, with snow in tha Sierras. The
conditions are favorable for the rain extending
Into Southern California to-night and Monday.
The pressure has risen over Western Wash
ington and Oregon 'and Northwestern Califor
nia, and fallen east of tho Sierras and in South,
em California. •
The. temperature has fallen from 6 to 12 de
grees in California.
i . Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
! hours ending midnight. January IS:
j Northern . California — Cloudy Monday, with
rain; light southwest wind.
Southern California — Cloudy, with rain Mon
day:" light s'ou'htrly wind.
Nevada— Rain or snow Monday.
San ' Francisco and ' vicinity — Cloudy, -with
rain Monday; light southwest «wind. ,
G. II. WILLSON. Local Forecaster.
The rough weather yesterday stirred up the
bar to such an extent that only the light draught
craft passed out. The British ship Alcinous,
bound fo*r Sydney, the British ship Duchalburn,
for Sydney, and the German ship Magdalene,
bound Xor Portland to load with wheat for the
United Kingdom, were all ready to be towed
out. but when they sniffed the great breakers
en the bar they decided to remain in port until
the storm abated.
Seas Kiin High on Bar.
The British ship Cissie arrived yesterday, 145
days frcm Antwerp. Captain Fan-en reports
that when off the Farallcn Islands he passed
the bottom board of a boat about 26 feet lens-.
and alongside were three 16-foot oars. He also
reports that off the Horn they encountered ter
rific westerly galrs* and that during the etorm
he spoke the British ship Galena, " bound to
South American port*.
Sen's Wreckage Beyond Heads.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date last
season, ami rainfall In last twenty-four hours:
<12Cth Meridian — Pacific Time.)
PAX FR>XCISCO. Jart. 17—5 p. m
Wcalhcr Report.
The schooner Mary Dodge started out for
northern ports yesterday afternoon. Shortly af
ter she was dropped by the tug that was tow-
Ing her out to va she began drifting toward
the seal rocks, while the great waves were
swashing her deck?. Suddenly one of the
chalks rarried away, which resulted In Jacob
Sharle being knocked down and having both
his legs broken. The schooner then put about
and came back to port, where the unfortunate
fcatlor was taken to the Harbor Emergency
Hospital for treatment.
Mary Dodge Returns to Port.
I . ssengers should consult the new time card
of t>e Southern Pacific in effect Monday, the
l&th inst. Tlie new service will be found to
be more 3pecdy and the special Berkeley filers
will, therefore. l>e discontlnud. £>< r
Berkeley and BcjTjman
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. ¦ From. | Due.
W. H. Kruger Humboldt '. [Jan. IS
Czarina Cooe Iiay ....{Jan. 18
Rival Wlllapa Harbor Jan. IS
S. Monica Grays Harbor Jan. IS
Chehalls Grays Harbor Jan. IS
Corontdo (Jrays Harbor |Jan. 18
Chico t'oquilie River JJan. IS
AreaU Coos Bay & Pt. Orford.iJan. is
Elizabeth...... CoQUille River Jan. IS
Leelanaw ; Taioma [Jan. IS
c . cos ,*»f y I San Pedro & Way Port»!Jan. is
VT. 11 - I I'uget Soun.i rorts JJan. 7S
r-. . i I H,".;;;"i & Tacorna jJan. IS
0. Llndaucr. . I Pcrt|an(1 & Astorla Jan . ls
J-ureK-i illumboldt |Jan. 18
*i?.1n r e S€aUle U aa - ls
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. |.Ian. 18
1. , e : Seattle & Taeoma Jan. 18
fp mp , Coos B »y & Ft. Orford. Jan. IS
atS^tfU'l- Nan « lm ° Jan. IS
State of Cal.. g M uiego & Way Pta. Jan. 1«
"°S,-" • • • Grays Harbor Jan. IS
P Le£en"' Sr alt J. e ,* ol > m P ia 'an. 18
£••«.££-¦¦ H "mboldt Jan. 18
&™« g <Jraya Harbor i Ja "- J9
r-» m ™iV»" Polnt Arena * Albion. Jan. 19
t^?w«;i"" Gra >'" Harbor Jan. 20
?» v Svdnev I "<»"boldt Jan. 20
r w ViZ' ' New York vla 1'anama Jan. L0
v«™ V Portland & Astoria Jan. :><»
S™ n p"l-" "umboldt Jan. 21
Po?nf Arena" £ 8n DleK0 & Way Pts " Jan - 2l
PonHa Mendocino & Tt. Arena. Jan. 21
J<°"' l n a Newport & Way Ports. Jan. 21
<*Z$1*™"" Pu^ 1 t5ound Ports.... | Jan. 22
fcan Pedro Grays Harbor Jan. 22
ea - China & Japan Jan. Ti
(.orona....... Humboldt Jan. 24
«.entennial... Seattle & Taeoma Jan. \1*
°"|B°n.- Portland & Astoria Man. 25
Alameda Honolulu Man 2«
CltyPuebla.. Puget Sound Ports Jan .,.
Curacao Mexican Ports Jan. 27
Newport yew York via Panama. Jan. 27
•] TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
January 18. | |
S. Monica.. Los Anpeles Ports. U2 m|Pler 2
ChehaliB... Los Angeles Ports. | » am|Pier 'i
! Coronado.. Los Angeles Ports. 110 amlPler 10
la <l ua Humboldt u2 • m Pier 2
F. Leggett. Los Angeles Ports. |12 miPler Z
\ Xevadan... Hono. & Knhului.l 3 pm|Pler 23
Oregon Astoria & Portlandill amjPier 24
Home*..'... Los Angeles Ports. 1 10 am Pier 2
January 19. |
Czarina.... Cooe Bay direct...] IPier 3
Elizabeth.. Coqullle River | 5 pmJPler 20
Kureka.... Humboidt M am|Pier 13
S. Barbara. Los Angele# Ports. 4 pmjPier 2
Ohico Coquille niver ) G pm Pier 2
Arcata Coos B. & Pt Orfrdfl2 , m Pier 13
January SO.
Rival Wlllapa Harbor... 4 pmjPler 20
Centralia.. Los Angeles Ports. 10 amjPier 10
Coos iiay.. San Pedro & Way. u amjPier li
Corona Humboldt 1:30 p|Pier 9
January 21. j
L'matllla... Pujcrt Sound Ports. 11 am Pier D
J. Dollar... Seattle & Taeoma. 5 pm Pier 20
U. Llndauex Grays Harbor IPier —
Sonoma.... Sydney & Way Pis 2 pm|Pler 7
Pomo Pt. Arena ¦& Albion 6 pm PUr 2
State Cal.. San Diego & Way. 9 am|Pler 11
January 22.
Redondo..- Los Angeles 1'orts. 4 pm|Pier 2
Nvwburg... Grays Harbor 4 pmlPier 10
Jeanie Seattle & Taeoma. | 5 pm|Pler 20
January 23. I I
Pt. Arena.. Pt. Arena A Mdcnol 4 pm Pier 2
Colon N, T. via Panama. |12 m Pier 40
O. W. E".det Astoria * Portlandlll am Pier 24
North Fork Humboldt ..... j 5 pm Pier 20
January 24.
Bonita Newport & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
. . January 35.
A. Mam... China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
January 26.
Queen Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
San Pedro- Humboldt 10 amjPier 2
'' January 28. ' I '
Centennial. Seattle & Taeoma. 6 pm|Pler 20
FROM SEATTLE.
Stenmer. For. - 1 Sails.
Bertha Cooks Inlet & Way Pts.|Jan. 18
FaralJon fckngway & Way Torts. |Jan. 1»
Valencia...... Skagway & Way Ports. I Jan. 22
go'Phin Kkagway & Way Ports. |Jan. 24
ExceUlor. . . . . Cooks Inlet & Wav Pts.lFeb. 1
J. Dollar Valdez A Way Ports. .|F«b. 5
Movements of Steamers.
Huber was taken to the City Prison
also to be held as a witness, but as he
became sick, complaining of pains in
his stoma,ch, he was sent to the Central
Kmerpency Hospital for treatment.
While Policeman Hightower was run
ning after Johnsoni he slipped and fell,
severely spraining his wrist. He had
it dressed at the Harbor Hospital anil
went home.
Huber got shore leave on Saturday
and at night began to fill up on water
front whisky. Between 1 and 2 o'clock
yesterday morning Huber was in a sa
loon on First street and got change for
a $10 gold piece. Johnson, it is alleged,
put his hand in Huber's pocket and
when Huber attempted to resist, John
son kicked him in the abdomen, knock
ing him senseless. Johnson ran and
was chased by three officers, who over
took him and put the handcuffs on him.
When searched at the City Prison $5.90
and a brass check were found in his
pockets and booked as evidence against
him.
Charles Johnson, who says he Is a
miner, was arrested at an early hour
yesterday morning by Policemen
Whelan and Ilightower and Special Of
ficer Beatty and booked at the City
Prison on a charge of robbery. The
complaining witness is Ernest Huber,
a sailor on the transport Crook.
Charles Johnson, Assailant, Captured
and Ernest Huber, His Victim,
Sent to Hospital.
SAILOR IS ROBBED AND
KICKED IN A SAIiOOX
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS Jan. 17. 10 p. m.— "Weather
foggy, wind XW. velocity 2S miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Arrived Jan 17— Jap stmr Tosa
Maru. from Japan and China; stmr Meivilie
DollaV. from San Francisco.
Sailed— Stmr Jeanie, for San Francisco.
TATOOSH— Passed inward Jan 17— Br stmr
Wyefleld. hence Jan 14 for Xanalmo; bark
Coloma. from San Diego, for Everett.
CLALLAM BAY — Arrived Jan 17 — Schr
Oceania Vance from Ballard. for San Diego;
Ft bark Euger.le Fautrell. from Taeoma. for
United Kingdom.
ASTORIA— Arrived Jan 17— Br *hip Cnv
martyshlre, from Newcastle. N. S. \\ .
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Jan 17— Bktn Addenda,
for Wlllapa Harbor.
WHATCOM— Sailed Jan 17— Xor bark Roke
by Hall, for Delagoa Bay.
ISLAXD PORT.
KAHULUI— Arrived Jan 17— SchrMahukona,
from Mahukona.
FOREIGN PORTS.
VICTORIA. B. C— Arrived Jan 17— Stmr
Tremor.t. from Yokohama, for Taeoma. ,
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Jan 15— Stmr Shaw
mut, from Taeoma.
OCEA.X STEAMERS.
XEW YORK — Arrived Jan 17 — Stmr St.
Paul, from Southampton and Cherbourg; stmr
Mlnnetonka. from London; stmr La Bretagne,
from New York
QUEENSTOWN — Arrived Jan 17 — Stmr
Ivernia. from New York, for Liverpool and
proceeded. *
HAVRE: — Arrived Jan 17— Stmr La Cham
pagne, from New York.
LIVERPOOL — Arrived Jan 17 — Stmr Bovlc,
from New York.
SOUTHAMPTON — Sailed Jan 18 — Stmr
Auguste Victoria, from Hamburg, for New
York.
NaPLES — Sailed Jan 17 — Stmr Republic,
from Genoa, for Boston.
QUEEXSTOWX— Sailed Jan 17— Stmr Sax
onla. rrom . Liverpool and New York.
It was announced from Port au
Prince January 7 that the French Min
ister to Hayti had made an amicable
demand that the arrested French offi
cials of the National bank be provision
ally released, basing his request on
the eround of humanity and the un
healthy condition of the prisons.
CAPE HAYTIEN, Jan. 17.— Five per
sons connected with the conspiracy
headed by General Monplaisar to start
a . revolt against General Nord, and
condemned to death by a military tri
bunal, were executed" to-day in the
presence of a vast crowd. Several for
eigners who took part in the conspir
acy will probably be deported.
The Government finally refuses to set
at liberty the officials at the National
bank charged with participation in the
issuance of $200,000 in fraudulent se
curities early last year.
The first cabin passengers were: C.
Thompson. J. MacManus, M. M. Bazan,
M. SaRo Henderson, Mrs. Maria Hen
derson. Wilhelm Tornee, Mrs. "Wilhel
rriine Tornee, Miss Drega Tornee. Fran
cisco Aguire and Henrique Aguire.
Captain Carstons, her commander,
was on the ship Abydos at Valparaiso
when the ship Sakkarah ran ashore off
the coast of Chile. He immediately
sailed to the aid of the latter ship, and
at his peril succeeded in rescuing all
the passengers and $2,500,000 in treasure
from the wrecked ship. For these ser
vices he stated he should have received
a large amount of salvage, but he claims
that the insurance companies treated
him very badly and only gave him the
paltry sum of 5375. whereas he was
Justly entitled to many thousands of
dollars.
This is the first visit of the Mera to
this port, she having previously been
on the route between Hamburg and
Chilean ports.
Captain Carstons reports stopping at
about forty different ports en route,
but says the voyage was devoid of any
special event of interest. The vessel
brought twenty-four passengers in the
cabins and fifteen in the steerage, and
1600 tons of freight, consisting princi
pally of coffee and ores.
Among the passengers was Maximil
iano Morel Bazan. ex-Governor of Oval
le and Osorno, who comes as a scien
tific envoy of the Government of Chile,
to make industrial studies in the United
States. Japan and Europe. From this
port he will proceed to Japan by the
first steamship leaving nere.
The Mera was 129 days from Ham
burg, via Mazatlan, and came to an
chor off Folsom-street yesterday at 11
a. m., where she was obliged to remain
until this morning, while the dock is
being placed in readiness to receive
her.
Most of the fifteen are arrayed in
fanciful costumes, and several of the
men wear wonderful high top boots,
with gayly colored embroideries there
on. The women wear gay headdresses
of brilliant hues, studded with gold
coins. They brought with them a big
lot of hammered silverware articles,
some of modern make and some an
tique, and also a quantity of curios."
Whether the strange appearing arri
vals should be allowed to land is a
question that is now agitating the of
ficers of the immigration bureau. If,
as they claim, they are coppersmiths,
they will be allowed to land; but on
the oilier hand if they are wandering
gypsies they will be deported and the
steamship company will.be called upon
to take them back to the port from
which they came.
In the steerage of the steamship
Mera, which arrived yesterday from
Honolulu, via southern ports, were fif
teen passengers from Callao, who look
like a wandering band of gypsies, al
though they claim to be coppersmiths
by trade, and say they want to go into
that business in this country. The lead
er of the band is G. Juan. They range
in age from 46 down to 6. There are
six men and four women, and the rest
are children.
Landry C. and CecUe M. Babln to Michael
J Sllvestre. ¦ lot on S line of Montana street
440 Eof Orizfcba. E 25 by S 125. lot 3 block
R. Railroad Homestead Association Xo. *2: $10
Cacelie Heeder to M'chael J Sllvestre lot 4*
block K, Railroad Homestead Association No!
o « tt ft
Jobn C. Persls II. and Edward Coleman to
Ernest S. Burkhard. lot on E line of China
avenue and Edlnburg street. XE 100 by SP
200. block 48. Elce'slor Homestead; $10
London. Paris and American Bank to
Thomas P. H. TVhltelaw. lot 5. block 2, Sunny
vale Homestead Association; $10.
Same to same, undivided half of following:
Lot on E line of Ninth avenue, 100 S cf H
Mreet. S 25 by E 120; also lot on W line of
Eighth avenue. 233 S of M street. S 42 by W
120; also lot on E line of Twenty-flrst avenue,
225 X of K street, X 25 by E 120; also lot on
RW corner of I Ftreet and Thirty-seventh ave
nue, W 32:« by S 100; also lot on S line of C
street. S2:G W of Thirty-seventh avenue, TV 75
by S 100; also lot on XE corner of B street and
Forty-5ixth avenue, E 100 by N 100; also lot
on E line of Fifteenth aver.uf. 124 N of C
street. N 75. E 127:0. S 25. TV 70. S 60, TV 59;
also lot on N l!ne of A street. 27 W ofForty
second avenue, W 3S. X 150. E C5. S 70 TV 27.
S SO; also lot on SW rorner of Thirty-seventh
avenue and B Ftreet. R 1H7:R. W 120. X 337:8
E 50. S 100. E SS. N 100 E 45; $10
Solomon and Dora Getz to Bernhard Getz.
undivided one-half interest in the following:
Lot on E line of Eleventh avenue 173 S of
M Ktreet. B 25 by E 120; lot on Jw line of
Eleventh avenue. 225 N of L street. N 25 bv TV
J20: lot on TV line of Eleventh avenue 250 N
of Point Lobos avenue X 25 by W 120- lot
on S UT' e .»? r J "UtL. 8216 w of Seventh "ave
nue, TV 25 by S 120; lot on SE corner of J
street and Forty-fourth avenue E 57-6 by s
100; also lot, on X line of California etreet.
7(»" TV of Twenty-flrst -avenue, TV 25 bv N
100: lot on W line of Eleventh avenue 275 S
of Point Lobos avenue, S 25 by W 120- '410
Slmer.n E. Tooker to Garrie J. Tooker " lot
on TV line of Xinth avenue. 150 N of L street
SolOTs'on and Dora Getz to Bernhard Getz,
lot on SW comer of B nre»t and Thirty-sev
enth avenue, R 137:?. W 320. N 137:8, E 50,
S 100. E 25. N 100, E 45; ?10.
Bernhard and Rose Getz to Solomon Getz. lot
on XW lire of Lisbon street. 75 XE of China
avenue. XE fto by XW 100; block 17, Excelsior
Homestead; $10.
Same to i=ame. undivided half Interest in fol
lowing: Lot on XE corner of Munich street and
Japan avenue. E 48:9, X 100:10. S 103:10. lot
1. block 87 Excelsior Homestead; also lot S.
block C. Getz Addition to Lak»view; also lot
«4, block 8. IJoIIy Park; a!so lot on N line of
L, street, 57:6 E of Tenth avenue, E 25 by N
l«'0: a!so lot en K line of Twelfth avenue, 125 X
of J street. X 25 by K 120; alw> lot on E line
of Twenty-flrst avenue. 250 8 of California
etreet. S 25 by E 120; J10.
Albert W. Scott to Mary Joseph V. Scott
(wife), lot on XE line of Sixth street 125
SE of Bryant. SE 25 by NE 1)0; S10.
Consumers' Ire Company to Douglas S. Wat
son, rerecord 2012 deed 199 of lot on SW line
of Eighth street, 175 SE of Harrison, SE 17:6
by SW 275; $10.
John H. and Elizabeth Rlppe to Thomas F.
F. Mitchell, lot on E line of Potrero avenue.
125 X of Twenty-fifth street. E 136. XW 105. W
4. S 75 W 100, S 25: ?10.
Belle Mclntosh (Mcl^ea). wife of John F. ;
Mary Hoenes, wife of William H., and Annie
Eaton, -wife of William R., to Lewis Dusen
bery. lot cf SE line of Mission street. 225 NK
of Fourth. NE 50 by SE 100; also lot on SW
corner of Bush and Dupont streets, S 28 by
W 22; $7000.
Rosaline J. Colombat to Antoinette Wlede
wilt (Colombat). lot ca XW line of Jessie
street. 22:11 W of Mint avenue, also 320 W of
Fifth street. SW 22:11 by XW SO; gift.
Donald McLea to Belle Mclntosh (wife of
Joan F\>, formerly Belle Mcl^ea, and Mary
Hoenes (wire of William H.) and Annie Eaton
<wife of William R.). lot on RE line of Mission
street. 225 NE of Fourth. NE 50 by SE 100;
also lot on SW corner of. Bush and Dupont
streets, W 28 by S 22; also undivided four
teenth of lot on S line of Folsom street. 70 NE
of Third. XE 67:6. SE 93:6, SW 37:6, XW 22,
SW 30, XW 71:6; $7000.
Paulina Postel (wife of C. U.) to Eda T.
Church, lot on S line of Sacramento etreet,
112 :C W of Taylor, S 90 by E 3C; $10.
Bertha T. Kron (wife of O. J.) and Eda Y.
Church (wife of Frank) to Thomas J. Harbour,
same: $10.
Blanche Converse to George M. Converse, lot
on X line of Sacramento street. 137:0 W of
Hyde, W 45:10 by X 120, and all Interest In
land adjacent on the east; $10.
IxjuIsp de Yodgh to I'liina and Aaron Kahn.
lot on SE line of Howard etreet, 430 SW of
Flret. SW 25 by SE S5; $10.
John McCortnlck to same, lot on SE line of
Howard street, 405 SW of First, SW 25 by SE
85: $10.
Anna D. Joost to Frederick 1... and Mary G.
Esker. lot on E line of Douglas* street, 113 X
of Twenty-firet. X 25 by E 3 TO; $10.
Mary Sexton (Murray) to Patrick Connell.
lot en TV line of Diamond street, 220 X of
Twentieth, X 27:6 by W 125; $10.
Argonaut Mutual Buildingr and JV>an Associa
tion to Raymond Wolf, lot on S line of Twenty
fifth street, S3 E of Diamond. E 25 by S «1;
flu.
California Build : ng and Loan Association to
Thomas sn-1 Catherine Kelly, lot on X line of
Twenty-sixth street. 103 W of Castro. W 22:10
by X 114: $10.
Elizabeth F. Prindle to Frederick and Georgre
W. Prindle lot on E line of Guerroro street.
726:5 S or Twenty-fourth, S 84 :l by E 125;
gift. ••
Continental liujldinz and Loan Association
to Katie O. Sullivan, lot on \V line of Ala
bama street. 125 S of Twenty-sixth, S 25 by
W 10C; $10. •
Elizabeth F. Prindle to Frederick and George
W. Prindle. lot on NE corner of Twenty-third
end Valencia streets. S 15 by E 75; gift.
L>.irr.a G. Bond to Florence I. and Alice 1^.
Bond, lot on K line of Harrison Ftreet. 150 S
of Twenty-fifth. S 75 by E 100: fcift.
Helen and Henry Munster to Julius Witt, lot
on S line of Twentieth street, 284 E of Castro,
E 25 by X 114; *1O.
Mary A. and Georee \V. Ki.-^es to John V.
and Annie L.. Prior, lot on E line of Walter
street. 31S X of Fourteenth. X 25 by E 120; $10.
Robert Blair to James C. Blair, undivided
'4 of lot on XW corner of Twenty-second
street and Alder alley, W 47:6 by X 81; *.").
Same to same, undivided V™ of lot on X line
of Twenty-second street, 94:3>i AV of Aider
alley. W 23:5>i by N (il ; $10. •
James C\ Blair to Robert Blair, undivided
'» of lot on N line of Twentv-second street,
47:« W of Aider alley. W 4fi:9V4 by N 61; $5.
Stephen A. and Mary L. Born to Robert A.
Cranston, lot on W line of Masonic avenue,
K»:(» X of Waller street. N 25 by W 106:3; *1<>.
Marparet Matron to John Matson, undivided
*i of lot on N line of Clay street. 2C8:1V; K
of First avenue. W 2S:5*» by N 127:S'4: $10.
N 114:7. Tar 81:8. X 45:10. E 81:8. N 114:7. W
137:6. 8 68:9. W 183:4, S 206:3. B 45:10. N 80,
K 40. S 80, F. 235; also lot on S line of Bay
street. 1S3:4 K of Dupont, E 45:10 by S 68:9;
also lot on VC line of Kearny 6treet. 114:7 N of
Francisco, N 45:10 by W 91:8; also lot on N
line of Francisco street, 235 W of Kearny, W
40 by >.' feO; also lot on X line of Francisco
street. «8:S», B of Dupont, E 22:10^ by N
6S:»; $10.
SALT LAKE, Utah, Jan. 17.— Frank
Dally, a young man of Summit, Utah,
is dead as the result of a practical joke
which some boisterous neighbors per
petrated. Dally had been married tht
evening before. With his young wife
and a friend he started from home to
drive to Enoch on the morning follow
ing the wedding ceremony. It had been
planned by friends to give the couple
a surprise party at their home in Eu
reka, and when it became known that
Dally and his bride were going to
Enoch some young men determined
that they would have some fun with
them. Accordingly all donned sheets
and caps made of white paper and lay
in wait for the couple on the road.
"When the buggy came along the
horses shied and attempted to run
away. Mrs. Dally says that her hus
band turned pale for a moment, then
flushed and turned his attention to the
horses, succeeding in bringing them to
a halt. He drove on a hundred yards
further, then suddenly threw his arms
above his head and dropped limply
across the dashboard. His bride at
tempted to revive him, but he was
dead.
In the meantime the jokers had re
turned to town and were unaware of
the tragic result of their funmakins.
Dally was 25 years old. Mrs. Dally Is
suffering from severe nervous prostra
tion.
Special Dispatch to The Call
LOUISVILLE, Ky., Jan. 17.—Eigh
teen delegates to the convention of the
League of Commission Merchants were
thrown to-day into the icy waters of
Echo River, which winds a tort'uous
course through Mammoth Cave, and
were saved only by the coolness* of the
guide, John Nelson, and the heroic
work of Charles A. Muhlbronner of
Pittsburg, Pa.
The roof, of the cave over Echo River
is arched and the space in the center,
owing to the unaccountable rise in the
river, was only two and a half feet
above the water. In order to insure
the passage of the boat the men and
women were forced to stoop. At
one place the boat swerved to one side,
raking the heads of those occupants
seated next to the bank. These leaned
farther forward, which lowered one
end of the boat and the water began
to flow in rapidly.
The guide saw the danger and called
to Muhlbronner to jump and take the
chain. This he did. landing on a steep
bank, which offered only, a slight foot
hold. Lying face downward he held
to the chain and pulled the boat to
ward the bank. The boat sank in
eight feet of water. Farther back,
where there was no landing, the water
is eighteen feet deep.
By the light of a single lantern the
party escaped by climbing over Muhl
bronner's prostrate form, and, after
waiting several hours for a boat, were
brought in safety to daylight.
Request Is Made That French
Officials Be Released on Ac
1 count of Unhealthfnl Jails
3Ien Clad in White Sheets and
Paper Caps Meet the Bridal
Party on a Country Road
Masters of Sailing Vessels
Fearful of Leaving Harbor
While High Seas Prevail
Unaccountable Rise in the Tor
tuous Underground Stream
Causes Disaster to Their Craft
JOKE HAS TRAGIC SEQUEL
DEPORTED
SAVED BY GUIDE'S COOLNESS
FOREIGNERS
STOKMY WEATHER ON BAR
Utah Bridegroom, Frightened
by His Friends AVhile on His
Honeymoon, Falls Lifeless
Five Men Connected With a
Plot Against the Haytian
Government Are Executed
Party of 18 Commercial Men
Has Thrilling Experience in
Kentucky's Mammoth Cave
Picturesque Passengers Aboard
Mera Arc Being Scrutinized
by Immigration Officials
CONSPIRATORS
PAY PENALTY
PSEODO GHOSTS
CAUSE A DEATH
MAT BE DENIED
LANDING HERE
BOAT CAPSIZES
IN ECHO RIVER
MONDAY, JANUARY 18.
. . .
Sun rises 7:23
Sun Bete .......5:17
Moon sets.......... 6:29 p. . m.
C Time ITime ~ Time Time
2 Ft. Ft. 1 Ft. 1 Ft.
<» H.W |LW H W L L. W|
18 0:K{ 4.6 5:24 3.0 11:30 6.3 6:16— 0.2
IS 1:27 .4.6 «:»M 3.0 12:16 5.1 6:4« 0.1
20 l:Bft 4.7 6:45 3.0 1242 4.7 7:17 0.4
21 2s27 4.7 7:30 2.8 1:20 4.R 7:4S 0.6
22 2:55 4.S H:20 2.7 2:07 4.2 8:26 1.0
23- 3:24 4.0 0:17 2.61 3:02 3.8 ; 9:07 1.5
• NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
tho early mornlrii; tides are given In the: left
hand column and the - successive tides of ¦ the ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY. JANUARY 18, 1904.
10
¦ Mare Itlanfl and " Vallejo Steamers.
Steamer GEN. FRISBIE or ilONTICELLO—
Jt:45 a. m.. 3:l."i and S:3O p. m.. except Sunday.
Sunday, 0:45 a. m.~. 8:30 p. m. Leave Vallejo.
7 a. -m..; 12:30 and.fi p. ;m.. ex. Sunday. , Sun-
day. 7 »: m., 4:lf> p. m. . Fare. 50 cents." Tel
Main 1508. Pier 2. Misslon-SLT dock. HATCH
BROS.
AUCTION SALES
SPECIAL AUCTION SALE
ARCADE HOHSE MABKET, 327 SIXTH ST.
| "WEDNESDAY. January CO. at 11 a. m. t
! 1 will Fell to hlch^st bidder all of the
j HORSES and BUGGIES belonjcins to the late
I Dr. Jtromt; Anderson, deceased, consisting of
4 horses, 1 doctor's buggy, 1 trap. 1 surry. 1
blk* bUEgy. 4 seta of harness.
ALSO ;io Rocd ALL PURPOSE HORSES
and MARES.
Kvery horse must be as represented or money
refunded. - ' - 1
m JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer. !
&» AUCTION SALE £*
Monday, January 18,
At 11 O'clock, at
ELLIS-STREET STABLE. 615 ELLIS ST..
I will sell So head of Draft Rnd Driving Horses, i
also one Handsome Road Rig Mare sired by
D'.ablo. rubber-tired top buggy and harness and j
several business buggies, carts, harness, etc.
This stock must and will be sold.
_ fi. WATKINS. Auctioneer.
A. H. ANDERSON, the Auctioneer
Having secured the premises of 1» TURK ST.. !
NEAR MARKET, where ho will have a sales- |
room that ls unsurpassed, as well as 4C0i> •
square feet of storage room Is now prepared
to receive consignments of FURNITURE etc.. |
and will buy. sell and exchange UP-TO-DATE !
FURNITURE. CARPETS. ETC. Lodgins-
houscs bought, sold and exchanged. Present
office room 2ft. 806 Market st. : tel. Main 1S52.
*V^ AT AUCTION— I will sell 1 span of
A~*v handsome cionkeys and harn»s9, business
and rubber-tired buggies, nnd also a lot of
wagon*, surreys, c>«rts and harness: also 40
head of all-purpo;e horses on TUESDAY, Jan-
uary 10. 11 a. m.. 1140 FOLSOM ST.
OCEAN XEAVEL.
® Steamers leave San Fran-
cisco as follows:
For Ketchlkan. Wrangel.
Juneau. Haines, Skaguay.
etc.. Alaska— 11 a. m.. Jan.
1C. 21. 26. 31. Feb. 5.
Change to company* ¦ steam-
ers at Seattle.
For Victoria. Vancouver.
Port Townscnd. Seattle. Ta-
' coma, Everett. Whatcom — 11 a. m.. Jan. 18.
¦ 21, 26, 31. Feb. 5. Change at Seattle to thi*
company's stearners for Alaska and O. N.
Ry. ; at Seattle or Taeoma to N. P. Ry.. at
Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona, 1:30
p. m.. Jan. 17, 23. 29. Feb. 4; Corona. 1:30 p.
m.. Jan. 14, 20. 26, Feb. 1.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara-
Santa Rosa. Sundays. 0 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays, 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and Ea*t
San Pedro). Sant& Barbara, Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey, San Simeon, Oayucos, I*on Ilcirford (San
Luis Obispo). Ventura and Hueneme.
Coos Bay, 0 a. m., Jan. 12, 20. 28, Feb. 5.
Bonlta, 0 a. m., Jan. 16, 24. Feb. 1.
For Ensenada, &Iagda!ena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata, La Pai, Santa Ro-
sajla. Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. "th of each
month. !
For further Information obtain folder.
Right ls reserved to change steamers or sall-
"TICKET OFFICES— 4 New Montgom-
ery street (Palace Hotel), 10 Market street and
Broadway wharves. |
Freight office. 10 Market Ktreet.
C. D. DUNANN. General Passenger Agent.
j 10 Market street. San Francisco.
O. I?. & N. CO.
Columbia sails Jan. IS. 23. Feb. 7, 17, 27.
March 0 and 10. George W. Elder sails Jan.
13. 23. Feb. 2. 12. 22. March 4 and 14. Only
steamship line to PORTLAND. OR., and short
rail line frcm Portland to .ill points East.
I Through tickets to all points, all rail or eteann-
! fhip ard rail, at LOWKST RATES. Steamer
! ticket* include berth and meals. Steamer vails
| foot of Spear st. at 11 a. m. S. F. BOOTH.
| Gen. Agt. Pa.«s. Dept., 1 MontBomery St.: C,
j CLIFFORD. Gen. Agt. Freight Dept.. 3 Mont-
j gom»ry tt.
j TOYOKISEN KA1SHA,
! '(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.)
Steamer* will l«»av» wharf, corner First and
! Brannan street?, at I p. nv. for YOKOHAMA
and Hongkons calling at Kcfce (Hic^o). Naga-
rakl and Shanghai, and connecting at Hong-
I kens with steamers for InJIa. etc. No cargo i
! received on board on day of sailing.
IS. S. AMERICA MARL 1
Monday. January 25. 1WH.
IS S. HONGKONO MARU
* Wednwlay. February 17. 1904
S. S. NIPPON »IAHU
Tuesday. March 15. 13M
Via Honolulu. Kourd-trip tickets at reduced
rates. Fcr" freight and passage apply at Cora-
tiany's office. 121 Market Ftreet. Corner First.
; W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
5 S. SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land ami Sydney. Thursday. Jan. 21. 2 p. m.
p S ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Jan. 30. 11 a.m.
S S. MARIPCSA. for Tahiti. Feb. 11. 1801.
( 11 a. m.
|a^ta^3ak l utolSL.fefc.7.Pi£fic.t
(OH?AGNIE GENE SALE TRAS3ATL1NT!} JJ
j DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
Sailing ev?ry Thursday Instead cf wflkOSV)
' Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. -- : ? s 3r ! =-
' Nonh River, foot of Morten street.
I • First" class to Havre. Sin and upward. Sec-
! ond clats to Havre, J45 and upward. GEN-
I KRAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
! CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson Building).
New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Paclfle Coast
Agents, 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets «ild by all Rnllroad Ticket Agents.
j BAILWAT TBAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
S/.N FRAHClSiU anj nuriTH PACIFIC
EAI1WAY COKFAITT.
j Tinnroa- JFerry. foot of market Street.
SAN FBAKCXSCO TO SAW EAPAJEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 0:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:^.
3:30. ."4:10. 0:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trl?
at 11:30 p. m.
Saturdays— Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAY? — S:»M>. 9:."U). 11:00 a. m.: 1:20. 3:30.
¦ 5. CO. G:I0. ll:."0 p. m.
I S&.XT EArASL TO SAW PSASTCISCO-
I WEEK DATS — «:C5. 7:33. 7:M. »:2O, 11:15
| a. n'.; 1S:5O. 3:40. 5:00. 5:20 p. m.
! Saturdays— Extra trip at 2:05 and 6:35 p. m.
• SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:40. 11:15 a. m.; 1:10. 3:40.
4:f5. 5:05. 0:25 p. m. *
Lerve I In Effect I Arrive
San Franclsco.f Sept. 2". 1303. ISan Francisco.
Week I Sun- ! Destlna- J Sun- I Week
Days. I days. I tlon. f days. \ Da yt.
7:30a 8:COa 9:10a 8:40*a |
9::Wa Ignacio. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p H:"Op .»' 6:0f>p C:20p
j t»:10p 5:00 p 7:35 p j
7:30"al 0:10a 8:40 a
S:00a Novato. 10:40 a 10:20 a
.1:30 p »:30a Petaluma 6:05 p 6:20 p
3:10 p 3:30 p *nd 7:35 p
V..' 5:00 pi Santa Roea.
;^0a 1O:«> a 10:20 a
8:00 a Fulton. 7:35 p 6:20p
S:30p 3:30 p ;
Windsor. | J
7:30a S:00» Healdsburg. 10:40a 10:20a
Lytton.
3:30 p 3:30 p. Geyservllle. 7:35 p 6:20 p
Cloverdale.
7:30 al 8:00 a! Hopland ;IO:4O ail0:20 a
3:30 p| 3:20 p| end Uklah. |":35p|6:2Op
7:3Oa|8:0Oa| WiUlts. |f:35p|6:20p
~7:30a[ 8:00 aL 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30p|3:30p| Guernevllle. | 7:35 p| 6:'£0 n
"coal 8:00 al Sonoma' f97lO~aT~S:4O a
5:10 p| 5:0) p| Glen Ellen. | «:C5 pi 6:2O p i
X:3Oa| 8:00 al 110:40 a 1 10:20 a !
3:30 pi 3:30 pi Eebastopol. I 7:35 p| C:20 p |
STAGES connect at Green Brae for^ San
Quentln: at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altruria and Mark West
Sprlng-s- a« Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
servilie for SkagKS Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers. Booneville and Greenwood; at
Hopland for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs,
Kelseyville. Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay. Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs: at UkJah for Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs. Upper Lake. Pomo.
Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside. Llerlv*s,
Buckmll's Sanhedrln Heights. Hullville. Orr's
Hot Springs. Halfway House, Cemptcbe. Camp
Stevens, Hopkins. Mendocino City, Fort Brass,
Westport. Usat; at Wllllts for Fort Bragg.-
Westport, Sherwood, Cahto. Covello. Layton-
ville. Curmnlngt>. Bell's Springs. Harris. Ol-
sen'e, Djer. Oarber\'llle. Pepcerwood, Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Sunday round-trip tickets at re-
duced tates.
On Sunday round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket offices, 630 Market street. Chronicle
building.
H. % C WHITOCG. , R- X RYAN. ,
Gen. Manaser. Gen. Fua. Ajt
C7Frlends and acquaintances are retpect
fully invited to attend the funeral services
at 10:15 o clock January is 1904 at the
parlors of Halstead & Co.. »46 Mission street
Interment Home of Peace Cemetery by 11 SO
o'clock train from Third and Town*cnd
streets.
CTIriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral aervices
Monday. January 18. 1904. at 11 o'clock at
her late residence. 33 Lafayette etreet 'in-
terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery by electric
funeral car from corner of Eighteenth and
Guerrero streets at 11:30 o'clock.
WALTER— In San Rafael. January 16 1904
Julia H.. dearly beloved mother of' Flora
Hoffman Walter, a native of Westphalia
Germany, aged tiO years. *»««.
E7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Monday
January 18, 1904. at 8:15 o'clock, from her
late residence. ZW, Valencia street, thence to
Mission Dclores Church, where a solemn re-
quiem nirh macs will be celebrated for the
repose of her eoul. commencing at 9-45
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. "
BILVA — In this city, January 13, 1903 Ellen
H. Sllva. beloved wife of the late Manuel
6ilva. and mother of Mrs. George C Ben-
naJlack. a native of California aged 42 years
4 mcoths end 24 days.
cyFriendu are . respectfully invited to at-
tend the foneral to-day <Monday) at 8:30
o'clock, from her late residence. 10 Harri-
son street, thence v tx> St. Brendan's Church,
where, a requiem high mass will be. cele-
brated for the repose of her foul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
BOBERTBON — Ii» thl».city January 15 1904.
FY»nel«. bolox-ed husband of Fidelia. Rob-
ertson, and father of John Robertson a na-
tive of Edinburgh, Scotland, aged 62 years.
C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, at the
chapel of Charles H. J. Truman & Co 1909
Mission street, between Fifteenth and Six-
teenth. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
by carriage.
RTAN — In this city, January 17 l»04 James
P.. beloved son of Josephine Ryan, and
toroth«T cf the late Mamie Ryan & native of
Fan Francisco, aged 24 years 1 month and
23 &cyt.
8CHULTB— In this city. January 17 1904.
Rose M. Schult* (ne* Ghisla) dearly beloved
wife of Otto C. Schulte and daughter of
Maria and th« late S&lv&tore Ghisla and
• eister of Annie and Tlllie Ghisla a native
j- cf Esn Francisco, aged 21 years' 8 months
and 27 day*.
tT Notice of funeral hereafter Please
omit flowers.
EHEEHAN — In this city. January 15 1904
Mary Sheehan. beloved wife of John' Shee-
han. mother of Mrs J. Urquhart Mrs Will-
lam J. Mahoney and John J..' Daniel J..
Morris F.. William B. and Cornelius E.
« Ehe*han. a native of County Kerry Ireland
a«ed 64 years.
C7 Notice of funeral hereafter.
MOORE — In Sac Mateo. January 16, 1904.
John Gordon, husband of Mary J. Moore,
and father of John Q. Moore Jr., Mrs. J. T.
.Jecnins*. Mrs. J. t>. Hunter and Mrs. C.
W. Fisher, a native of New Hampshire,
ar^d 74 years 8 months and 27 days.
C^Friends end acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral service*
at his late residence Monday afternoon, at 2
o'clock, interment Cyprene Lawn Ctmetery.
BfEUtXB — In this city. January 17. 19O4.
Johanna, beloved wife of Bernard Mullins.
and loving mother of Nora, James and the.
late Mary and Matthew Mullins. a native of
County Cork. Ireland, aged !>4 years.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
< Tuesday >. at S:S0 o'clock, from her late
resid< nw. 5- Clementina tlreet. thence to
St. iirendan's rhurch. where a. eolexnn
rpquiem hign man will be celebrated for the
repose of hT soul, commrneinfr at 9 o'clock.
Ir.termer.t Holy Crocs Cemetery.
OSBUURNE— In Detroit. Mich.. January 11.
19t»4. George, only son of George Osbourne of
San Francisco, aprd 2C year*.
CTFrtends and relative* are respectfully
Invited to altend the funeral ceremonies a.t
10 o'clock Tuesday. January 1*. at the
Chnrch of St. Francis de Sales. Grove and
Hubert street*. Oakland. Interment Moun-
tain View Cemetery.
3ULET— In this city. January 16. 1904. Ellie.
beloved daughter of Hugh and Susana Riley.
and eister of Mrs. J. J. Donahue Mrs Philip
Branclsan. Mrs. M. Murphy and Katie and
" John Riley. a native of County Leitrim -Ire-
land.
C7FrJend« anfl acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Monday), at 2 o'clock, at th«
family residence, 1009 Castro street. Oakland.
Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
JTERMOVD — In this city. January 17. 1904.
Francois Henry Mermoud. beloved son of
Frank Mermoud. and brother of Mrs. Allen
Marehall. a native of San Francisco, aged
SO years » months and 6 days.
ETTnends and acquaintances ar» respect-
fully invited to attend funeral services
Tuesday. January 19. 1904. at 9 o'clock,
•t the mortuary chapel of Julius S.
Godeau. 305 Montgomery avenue. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
3IILLER — In this city. January 1C, 1904, Cece-
lia Miller (formerly of the Auzertas and
Mansfield Houee), a native of Galway, Ire-
land. £ged 73 years 7 months and 29 days.
ICTTTiends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully Invited to attend the funeral Monday.
' at 8 o'clock, from the parlor* of Porter &
White. 423 Golden Gate avenue, thence to
. St. Agnes Church. Pa*e street, near Masonic
avenue, where a requiem man will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at Vt:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. -
M»X)AR — In Oakland. January 17. 190*.
Professor George Mooar. D. D.. & native of
Massachusetts, aged 73 years.
at the mortuan' chapel of Ju\ lus
Godeau 305 MontBomery avenue. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. _
HEATH- In TVest Berkeley. January 1'. "^*'
«t her residence. 1911 Mnth «^ r '«^
Harriet Osbome Heath, a native o* Spencer.
N. V.. a*red 71 years 4 months and 6 cays.
K.*rPKLER— In this city. January 17 1»C4.
Caroline Antonetta Josepha Kappeler. belo\ed
daughter cf Joseph A. and Katie F.
Kappeler. and rUter of Josephine. <-el!a and
Joseph Kapr>eler. a ra-tive of ban Francisco,
eged 7 months ar.d 3 days.
KEATING — In this city. January 17. I»04.
Cornelius Keatinr. beloved brother of Mrs
Julia Folev Mlci&el and James Keating
and the late Mrs. Elizabeth Munster and
Patrick Keating, a native of County Cork.
Ireland, aged 47 jears. -,'-' . _.
CCTRemalns at the parlors of the tnltea
fndertakers 8i!« Mission etreet. between
Fourth and Fifth.
KMNDT — In this citr. January 17. 1904.
Theresa K., beloved daughter of Christian
Klindt and ihc late Anna Kllndt, and sister
of Mrs. L C Enewald. Morris Kllndt and
Mrs. A. Schoubor. a native of Denmark,
aged 32 years.
LEHMAN— In Phoenix. Arizona. January 14,
1904 Solomon beloved son of Max and the
late Clara Lehman, and brother of Adolph,
Charles and Ray Lehman and Mrs. D. K.
Harris, a native of New York City, aged 29
years 6 months and 23 days.
KTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend funeral serrlcea to-
tr.or'row <Tue*day). January 19. 1904. at 9
o'clock from the chapel of Charles H. J.
Truman & Co.. 1909 Mission etreet, between
Fifteenth and Sixteenth.
1LEVY— In this city. January 17. 1904. Isadore
Levy, beloved husband of Amelia Levy, and
father of Mabel. Arnheim and Philip Levy,
a native of Germany, aged 60 years.
licARDLE — In tMa city. January 15. 19O4.
John, beloved husband of the late Nellie
McArfile, father of Joseph and May Me-
ArC\t and brother of Joseph McArdle and
Mrs. J. Moore, a native of Saa Francisco,
ar*d 39 years.
CTTriends and acquaintances are wspect-
fully Invited to attend tho funeral to-day
(Monday), at 10:45 o'clock, from the parlors
• cf J. C. O'Connor A Co.. 767 Mission street.
• tb*nc* to Pt. Patrick" s Church for service*
' at 11 c'cJock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
McLACGHLEC— In.thls city. January 16. 1904,
Pet*r McLaufhlln. a na.tlvc.of England, aged
29 years. A member of th« Paclfle Coast
- TTalters' Association.
C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Monday.
at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of Porter &
"White 423 Golden Gate avenue, thence to
. Bt. Mtry's Cathedral for services. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery, via the electric
funeral car frcm. Eighteenth and Guerrero
streets.
SCAGN'ES — In Oakland. January 14. 1904. So-
phls. beloved wife cf David Magnes. mother
of J. Leon. Izzle D.. Tfceeie. Eva. and Rosa-
ltcl Majrnes, asd dauchter of Mrs. Paulina
Abrahamson. a native of Fllehne. Province
Poeen, Germany, aged 61 years 10 months
and 27 days.
Continued From Vase Nine.
DEATH NOTICES.
BAH/WAY TRAVEL
f CALIFORNIA |
I LIMITED TO CHiCACO I
£ LEAVES DAILY g
I at !):"(> a. ts... through, ia 3 days. S
| with £1- er and all trappings. Q
Other Santa Te Trains t
7:.".0a. m. 1 for Stockton. Fresno, Bakersfleld.
9:.t0a. d. Y u freed. Hanford and VUalla,
8:00 p. ra. J
4:UOp. m. for Stockton.
8:C0p m. for Kansas City. Grand Canyon aad
Chicago.
TXC3IET OPriCi: — G41 Market St^ anft
Terry Depot, S. X*. Also 1112 Broad-
way. Oakland. Cal. 27 SontH Tizvt
St., San Jcie. _
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Xrslnt le»»«» »i»«J art< «lue to arrive at
SAX FKA.NCI3CO.
(Main Line. >\w>t of M«rHet Street )
•£,»tic — Fbom PgCBwaitB^. lwa. — abbitV
" 7 00* V»c»Tllle. W inter*. Kmiucy 7 55.*
7.01U Penld*. Salsnn. El»>!r» sail Sacr«-
mento 7.2o?
7.30* Vdllcjo. N'apa, C»:tuoem SaaU
l:o«fi. Martinez. S:in lUmon 6-2&P
7^0a Kile*. Llvermore. Trscy. LatSiroa.
Sti>*'l£*oii .. ••..••••....*••. 7-25'
8.C0* 8b««» Express — (Vi% D»»l»),
William* (ror n^rt! ;tt Spring*),
Willows. +r"rut'>. Keil Uluff.
Portlr.a.l. T»coma. Seattle 753^
I 00a £>»T:».*Voo.ll»ril. Knights L«7«llns.
Murysville. Orovlllr 7^3»
833* Port Cost*. Mmrtlupz. Antloco.
Ttyroa. Tracr. Stockton, Sew-
ir.an. Los I»htii>.<. )( c n d o t a.
Artaona, Ilnofor-l. Visalta.
Porterville 4.2S»
8^0* Port Co»t;>. Mirtlner, Tracy. Latih
rop. Modrstu. :.I.TC>.-d. Frctoo.
Gu»liea J'tacti'Ni. UaaforU,
Vl«all«. H^ciTflsTd *.5a»
B-ZO* K!!e«, S»a Jose, L'verraore. rftoclc-
loa. (?Mlltoa). Ion*. Sacramento,
FUeorvill.j. M«ry«vtlle. Cuico. -
Ued KIO'T ... 42of
8.33a O»SJnle. Chlneie. .lanaestowu. So-
bom. Tooloin.-ie an.i Ansels « Zj?
0 00* AtlsntlcKxprw*- Ojtden*ndE»«s. 11,2i*
930* ltUhmuuil, Msrtlaez anJ wsy
Station* •••--• *Sj^
10 00a The Over!in.l tlmlted — Ugtlea.
Deorer. Om.-vha. CSi!c«uo. .5??'
1000a Vallejo .- .-•-; 12-2»*
10 00a Lou Anee'.es Panaeiiger — Fort
Costa. Marttnei. Byroo. Tracy.
Lntbrop. Stockton. Merced,
Knyinoad. Fresao. Go«Uen Junc-
tion. lUaford. Lemoore. Vl*«lt«.
Bivfcersifleld. Lo» AT»trele» Vi' p
1200m nnywnrd. Nl!es »nd W«y Station*, f 2^
¦ f-OOF BurrsineBto KJrer S*e«mer»- f l|.0J»
JJOr Benlcla. "Winter*. Sacrmmento.
Wotxlland. Kntghrs Landlnit.
/ Mary»Tllle. Ororllle and wsy
1 nations 'S'l^i
JJ50r n»Twar1. Kiles »nd TV»y Stations.. JAit
3 30? h>« Costa. Msrtlnex. Byron.
Trncy. lAtarop. Modesto.
Merced. Fresno and Wsy SU-
tion.s beroml Port Costa 12-25*
3-30i" Martinez. Trucy. Stockton, Loll... 10.25a
4 OOr JIarilnei.SanH.iinon.ViilleJo.Nap*.
CAlUtOK*. S»nuMCos!». 1234
400f Nlles. Tracy. Stoslcion. Lo<tl 4.25p
4 30p Haywnril. Nllc». iTTlagtoo. Saot rS.554
Jose. Llrermoro ) til. 55*
6-OOr Tbo Owl Limited— St wm«n. Lo»
ii»nj». Meadats. rre^no. Tulsre.
lUkcraQeld. I^o* Aaeeles.
Golden State Limited Sleeper,
Osk:aod to Lo* Angrle*. for Chi-
cago. t!»C. li. I. Si P ..•.— 8-53 A
C.COr PurtCoata. Tracy. Stoekton ....... 1225P
t5 3Or Ilarward. Nile* ami San Joae 7.23a
600r Mfiywsrd. NUesaud Ssn Jom 9iaA
6£'jr E»steri Exprew— Ovae-n. Denver.
Omatis, St. Loa!*. CIiIckro *a4
Kast. Port (.rosin, tteatcte, iJul-
inn. r'r.r.:r:i.'»Iin\ is. S»rr»ment.j,
Koeklin. Anburn. Colf»x.
Trucker. Iloca. Keno. Wxa»-
wonb, WJnaeniucca> 5-25»
G C2» Va.'lejo. rtaliy. »xcept Sunday t tec.
700p Vmiejo. Santlay only f (Mf
7£Gr Ulrlimocd. pan PrI>Io. Port Cotu,
Mr.rtlnez sntl Way Sutloai 11.25*
ZXZr Oregon & California Expre**— Sae-
rxmento. Us>ry»Ti)le. Reddtaf,
Portland, Pusei Soond and Sa*t. 8-55a
f?.1C Uayward. Nlie» andSaa J3»e<So»-
dayonly> . 11-55%
COAST LINE «s«rrow u* «ft».
<K:>f»t of JH»rSet Street.)
845a Newark, CenterrtUr. San Jot,
KelU>n. Uoulattr Creek. 6»au
Crnz rd 1 Way SUttons 5 -55*
i2-1Sr Newark. CenUMllle. Sun Jose,
New Alrnadea. Lo* Oau>».?e:too.
I ' Boulder Creek, Sum Cru* aad
Pr!ne»p«l Way BtaUon* ttO-53A
I . 4.1Sr Newark. Saa Jose. I^xUatoa aad 4 'SSit
way *t*tlon* :»riO55*
' aS ZOr niinter* Tntln. Satnrday only. Saa
J»*e aad W»v Stations. Return-
! ing from Los' Dittos Sunday only. ;7 2Sf
i OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
I from SAN >UA.\C1m;O. Koot of Market St. (SSlpO
| — 1;:15 >:«> 11:(K>A.*. 1-00 300 5-15 F.M
• From OAKLAND. Koot of Broadway — t<>:n> ti:HI
! «fl:0j T.v.00 a.u. 12-00 2 00 4-00 r.M.
I COASTHlTNE (Bf»«t nwi.
j it/r i i lilrtl ami l'ownsead S;raeU.)
; 6-10A~Saa Josesnu W*y Station* 6 31?
7 00a Saa Jose aad Way btatfoM C.35f
8 00a New Alinsden (Tacs.. Frld.. t*ly), A-\Z*
ft COa The CowtCT — Atop* only Sap Joae.
G"roy fionnectlon for Bollla.
I * ter). Pajaro. Ca»troTll'.e (coa-
nectlon ta and from Mo»ter*y
and Pv: ;ii- Gror<-\ Salinas. Saai
; Ardo. Paao Roblea. Santa Mar-
g»r!t*. San Li:l» Oliispo, principal
nations thence Surf (connection
f-.r Lompoc). prlncfpsl ststlons
th-nce Ssnta B*rbarH.S*n Bitena-
: rentorm, Saajrns. Ixss Angeles... 10-4SV
1 8. CO* San Jose. Tre* Plnor. C«r><tola.
I Sant!«t:rai.I*aciacfiroTe.Si«ltnn».
\ San ! >il> t>b!*;>o and Principal
'¦ Way Scailon* 4 -l°*
! 10^0* San Jc»e and W*y SUtlons 1-20^
11. 30a Saata C!am. t%a .lose. Los (Jstos
snd Wa.TSt«rl«n* #.40 1»
)Z0r San Jo*e»nd Wa? Stations 8jo*
OCOi" Del Monte ITxpre**— Sant-v Car*,
baa .)».*••. Del Monte. Monterey.
Pac!Sc Grore fronnectj Ht Sania
Clar* for Snata Crn*. r.oolrter
treet aad >T arrow Gallic PolTJtsj
at Gllroy for Ifo!!lsti-r. Tre»
Pino*, at r*»troTii:e for Salinas. 12 T 1 ?"
5^0> Tres Plnns ATa» Passenger 19 4ta
4 30(* i-an Jo»e and Kit Station* *8-C<U
tS0O> > bun Jose, (tU Sant« Clara) Los
j . tiatos, and Principal Wsy Si*
Itioos (except Snaday* *9.C0a
ib30r SanJosc^ndPrliicipal'n'ayS&aUons {3.41U
S.LOr bnrrnet l.tntlied. — Ke.lwo d. San
1w Jmf. Gllroy,S«llnaa.r > n»o Kobles.
Ssa l.ui* OUtspo. s»m» i;*r!«*rv
! l.oa An?e!r». l>»intojr. Y.\ P*»o.
Xcw Orienn*. .New York. «;ot>-
: nects st Pjjuro for Sant* Crui
»n-1 at C«?trovni« for Psclflc
\ CroTe and Way StaUons 7.19a
' IS-i&r £aii M^te>>, Rer*»fi.irJ.l>:Tiont.san
Carlo*. i:«flwoo.J. Fair Oaka.
i Menjo Park. Palo Alto t#.4?«
! % ?0r Sun ,Jo«e ami Way Stations 8 3U
. 8-OOr Palo Alto and Way Station* Ij.ISa
ii.SUr boiithsinFrsaclwo. MlUbrae. Bar-
I r.ns*me. San Mitteo, Belmoot.
'• S«n Csrlo*. Undwood. Pair Oaks.
! Menlo Park, and PmIo A1M» 9 4Sr
• o11.33f Maylleld. Monntaia View. Siionv-
vale. Lawrence. Santa Clara and
San Jo«e t9.43»
A for Mornlnu. P f or A rterBOoa.
1 Sunday excepted. t Sunday only.
a Saturday only.
I Stop* at all nation* on Sunday. ;., ,
i O'Only trains *topj>lnR st Vsjends St. sontnl>o«ai
sre»:10 a.*., 7:00a.*.. 11:3)*. a ,$:iir.it.. «:C0p.M.fcai
! 1:00 r.M.
I^M^^ll ROSS VALLEY,
i i&gyij^i^^isii MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc.
Suburban Service. Standard Gauge Electric —
Depart from San Francisco Daily— 7:00. 8:(X>.
9W» 10:0O. H:C« a. m.. 12:20. I:i3. 3:15. 4:13.
S^IB «-15. T:00. 8:45. 10:20. 11:45 p. m.
KKOM SAX RAFAEL, TO SAN FRANCISCO
—Dally— 5:25. e:35. «:¦»<>. 8:Uo. 9:35. U;C5 a.
m.. 12:20. 1:43. 2:M. 3:45. 4:15. 5:45. 8:45.
I b-45 ll>:20 p. nu
I FROM M1LX. VALLET TO SAN THAS-
C13CO— Daily— »- 4 3- « :5 *- "=52. S:!S3. 9-.SS.
\ n-"O a. m.. 1^:33. 2:«o. 3:15. 4:03. 6:08. «:uS.
I 7C5. 8:00. 10::W> p. m.
' THROUGH TRAINS.
9:C0 a. m. dally— Cazadero and way stations.
5:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays exceptsd>—
Tomales and way stations.
3:15 P- nu Saturdays — Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
Sundays only — 10 a. m.. Point Reyea and
way stations.
TICKET OFFICE— K8 Market st
FERRT— Union Depot, foot of Market st.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Leave i Via 3rcs*Ut» fsrry Arrive
SamFrandsco ft* of lUrtst a. San Fran ctoco
Week Sun- ¦ ' -gTOj* Sun- 1 Week'
Dar». days i^^3l**»\ day* Days.
*lt«4*rt:OOA K^S^SM 13:u&r 10:401
*l:45r 9:OOa t^gggB^CT 1:35f 3:50?
S:lftp 10:00a \P^smS7 1:50? 5:5O^
ly.OO* 4:5O, »:*«,
. l:45p r 5:5Op ._„
S:15r T ? nft»
tstm«ctTlt»itapir ¦ Mysss uti YPhw essay
TKUi l«25MAJUt»TST»(Nc»tJiShoreRaUMsi4)'
01CB J aad Sausauto Fkuy, Foot Hut* St.Boilcrmafcers On Strike.
At , the regular annual meeting of
the. Oakland Canoe Club held at; the
clubhouse on Sessions Basin on Sat
urday evening, the" following officers
were %lected to ' serve" during the' year
1904: Charles . Stewart, commodore;
H. O. Hinckley, vice commodore;
Charles L. Taylor - Jr.; > secretary and
treasurer; S. A. Hackett and- F.- B.
Bain, committee on membership. . j'a
committee ; was also appointed to act
with the; Encinal Yacht Club f and the
Olympic" Canoe ¦ Clubl" in -"-: arranging
•races between the ' three , clubs during
the coming : season ; f or * cups and '- tro
phies similar, to the joint races sailed
last year.
Oakland Canoe Club Election.
When Jack Cordell and Charlie
Seiger meet next Thursday night at
the Reliance^CIub, Oakland; admirers
of boxing should witness an exciting
bout. Both men have trained hard
and are reported in fine condition.
Cordell is the cleverer of the pair, but
the "Iron Man" has a terrific ' punch
and if he ever gets close enough ; to
land, the fight will stop right there.
Cordell's friends expect he will, be
able to keep Seiger at a distance and,
while they do not claim their favorite
will score a knockout, they think the
decision "will surely, go to Cordell on
points.' The men twill box fifteen
rounds, and will weigh 133 pounds ' at
6:o*c.lock. . • ' "".
The main preliminary, will be a' ten
round argument between Joe; Rellly
and Danny Sullivan, " who will .meet at
133 pounds. The curtain, raiser -will
be a four-round go between Henry
Howard and Jim Kennedy.
Cordell to Box Seiger.
An appropriation bill a week Twill be
the record attempted by the House un
til supply measures are out of the way. 1
The urgent' deficiency i-'.easui • will
come \ from i the ..committee about the
middle of the week and will be disposed
of without 'delay.tpg|3i33?I?'!$f€££ '¦¦
WASHINGTON, Jan. 17.— It is the
intention of the Senate .to begin the
week by again taking up thV resolu-*
tions having in ;,view an inquiry into
the 'conduct i of , the Postofflce Depart
ment, _and it is understood i that they
will be referred , to the ; Committee on
Postofflces after .comparatively 1 brief
debate. h@^V9^MHP9B4I
The Panama canal subject will be
continued during the \ remainder of the
week- : ; ¦'¦'. - \ < '• ".. ." • - !'
After Which They Will. Be Re
ferred to Committee.
Resolutions Will Be, Briefly Discussed,
SEXATE Wnjli- COVTIXUE
POSTAL FRAUDS DEBATE
, G ., rw Herri *<*>. ¦prfEidext: Htnry
'- m^H: v1c * P r «^«t: Fran* H. Kerrlsan,
«";,t^" C ?"??• J - R - Howell. Dr. Herbert
rV t ' \ *>»Bfcel*pieL Charle/ Elliott
end Dr. Jam«» y. Pra-tiry.
Among those present were:
H^rV'n 11 Ml 7\ "• J - Cro <*er. Mr. and Mrs.
in J u Roi - af *W. Mr. and Mrs. Hammond.
v»!=?^i l2 ,T' m .? d ' Kr - Rosen. Mr. and Mrs.
r^u «-,^'- and Mn< - t -"»»rleij Elliott. Mr.
f," d w rE - "" 1: .", RI EJiott . Dr. and Mrs. Frank
'i? t^T- >? d M . rB - St rtnr«T. Mr. aad Mr«. L.
\wJfZi «r- J - « Andrew*. Dr. and Jim.
r, ?»r «. Mo 7 cw - Mrs. Weldon. l>r. Herbert
QUta. Mlsi ; Jesirie FiHeicr*. Mr . Earbour. Roy
v™ ?• b i? p »«f>x. Mi., Folcy. Mr. and
Mr*. IP Unur.n. Mr*. K. P. Brinetar. Mis*
An:y 9 unTl -*r. ..«nd Mr*. Henry Cut
tir.tr. Mr. and Mrs. Charles Dccrinp. Mr.
ar.tT ««. -TV. D. For^iimore. Mr. and Mr*.
A!|.hw« -nan. Mm* SweUert. Mr. and Mrs.
Harry Su.llvan. Mr. and Mr*. Frank Sullivan.
Mr ar,d Mr>. A. Dtirxrti. Mr. and Mm
:-hrcr«T. Ml«s Shr-j'n H. Brand-nsteln. Pr.
«n<1 Mr. Henry Itrvir, Mr. and Mre. A E.
Huckinchstn. Mr. »r.<1 • Mn». William Morrow
Mr. and Mr*. WliiUm 'VKan* Mr. and Mr*.
Vlrtor Matntrns and Mr. and Mrs. Howard
BoIsm
The Jefferson Square Club, /s>01 to
325 Golden Gate avenue, opened most
sumptuously Saturday evening and
merriment reigned supremo until a
late hour. ilore than five hundred
members were in attendance with
their wives and friends, and those of
thft fair sex in evidence were the re
cipients of most gallant attentions.
The following directors assisted in
entertaining and receiving those that
attended: .
GLESTS EXTERTAIXED
AT FORMAL OPEXIXG
Merry Evening Ls Spent at Rooms of
Jefferson Sqcare Club on Golden
Gate Avenue.
PORT, ANGELES, Wash., Jan. 17.—
The body of a man supposed to be'W.
E. Rooklidge of Tacoma was found on
the beach to-day. On the body was a
life preserver bearing the name Clal
lam. Besides a. number of * other arti
cles which r Will serve to lead" to - the
positive identification of the deceased,
cards .faring the;, name F. Keown,
sign' pj.i^or.r and another bearing the
narne'Sj-Vvvickess A. H. Parkes, 101S
East Pro.%*£ct street, were found on
the body. 't^either card bore "the name
of a city "or town.
Body of. a Man Encased. In a Clal
lam Life Preserver Drifts to
Port Ansreles.
VICTIM OF SHIPWRECK
FOUND OX THE BEACn
Frank Wiggins, a California com
missioner to the St. Louis exposition,
is staying at the Rues.
Oscar Schultz of Dixon, president
of the Pacific Coast Hardware Associ
ation, is at the California.
W. H. Snedaker, general agent of
the Illinois Central road, returned
yesterday from a business trip to Salt
Lake.
Major B. C. Kingsbury. a capitalist
of Spokane, who is largely interested
in mining in Washington, California
and Nevada.- is among the latest arri
vals at the Palace.
Colonel W. D. Sanborn, general
agent of the Burlington road, and
wife , are . registered at the Occidental,
having given up their home at Elm
hurst for the winter.
P. M. Buck, a fruit man of Vaca
ville.' is at the Lick.
James Whittaker, a merchant of
Gait, is at the Occidental.
W. E. Woolsey, a fruitman of Santa
Rosa, is at the Occidental.
I. N. Van Nuys, a capitalist of Los
Angeles, and wife are at the Palace.
A. R. Sprague, a prominent busi
ness man of Sacramento, is at the
Palace.
Leonard A. Crane, a well known
fruit man of Santa Cruz, and wife are
at the California.
PERSONAL.
- INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., Jan. 17.— The
United Mine Workers of America will
convene in this city to-morrow and the
convention promises to be more Inter
esting than ordinary. Within the last
two months there has apparently .been
a preconcerted move on the part of
several of the operators to cut- wages
at the rate of 10 cents a ton and a con
flict between operators and minprs
seems probable. There will be about
1000 delegates from all parts of the
country. The convention will remain in
session -for ten days and then the min
ers will enter into Joint convention with
the operators of the central competitive
field. There will be about 300 of these
operators present, ' representing West
ern Pennsylvania, Ohio', Indiana and
Illinois. This Joint" conference Is -for
the purpose of arranging a .wage scale
for the miners of the central competi
tive field.
- There are in the United States 450,000
miners, of whom 325,000 belong to the
organization. Of these there are now
14.000 on strike. Ten thousand of these
are in the West, 3000 in the Meycrsdale
district and 1000 in West Virginia.
In three 'States efforts have been
made. this year to reduce the wages of
the miners. . . The ' national officers of
the rnine workers decline to anticipate
in any way the probable action of the
convention. It. Is understood that
there is no opposition to the re-election
of. John Mitchell as president and the
other officers.
Second team— Captain W. Guild 94. 12"
221: R. S. Wlx»on 200. Ip7— 297; L. Frates !:»,
100—229: Dr. C E. Farman. 88. . Total team
score 933.
An interesting contest took place be
tween two teams of the Shell Mound
Pistol and Rifle Club. The team under
the captaincy of .William Siebe was*
victorious. The score was as follows:
First team— Ceptain W. Sclbe 1S8, 17&-361-
J. A. Loutie 127. .165— 202; Dr. L. V. Frates
178.96— 274: Dr. C. E. Farman 136. v Total
team" score 1083. :
The monthly medal shoot of Troop
A, Cavalry. N. G. C, was held at Shell
Mound Park yesterday afternoon.
The marksmen used a revolver on the
fifty-yard range, with the' Creedmore
target. The scores follow:
Captain C. Jansen 29, Sergeant R C
Greenlnger 3S. Sergeant H. B. Taylor 40*
Sergeant C. A. Becker \\, Sergeant E. h'
Carr :)5. Sergeant F. T. Engle 37, Corporal T*
P. Lehmann 45. Corporal G. W. Pope 34
Corporal C. J. Orton 26, G. W. Hoadley 45*
A. W. Albrecht 40. T. Barthelg 35, J Werl
ner 43. J. L. Dixon 24, M. C. Bolts SS, K. q
Korn 26. A. J. 33; F. S. Bernhard
37. W. V. Lauten 2S..A. M. Kant 35.
Cavalrymen nt Target Practice.
Pint race— The Cure, Dorlce, Coroner
Secoafl race — XarxmanOa, Maria j
Meatla..
Ttira race— Double Six. letoU, Ana-
Fourth race— Diderot, Hortoa, Last
JEaitrht.
rift* race— Bxy Wonder. Matt Kojran,
Sixth race — Oold Money. Daisy Green.
KcallTrorth.
peobable wmmntg,
Much Important Business Will
Be Considered Before the
Convention at Indianapolis
"I can understand," he says,- "how
many people, in their anxiety for' a
canal might condone ' such a course
and' excuse the spoliation (of Colom
bia)- on the ground that it was de
manded by the progress and civiliza
tion of the world! This is precisely
the same argument with which kings
and conquerors have always justified
their wars of plunder and aggression.
I have heard it asserted that the. peo
ple of this country desire a canal and
are not particular about the methods
by which they secure it. I cannot be
lieve that this istrus of the American
people. The. Panama route is- not the
only one, nor is it the best. one.
"Let us denounce the President's.de
fiance of the law. Let us accuse ' him
for his violation of the law of nations.
I jvould retire from public life before
I Avould dishonor my State and party
by assuming tfiat they entertain other
and different sentiments."
HOUSTON, Tex., Jan. 18.— In a
signed statement given to the Post to
night Senator Bailey says that he will
"retire from public life before dishon
oring my State and party" by voting
for the ratification of the Panama
treaty.
In his statement Senator Bailey as
serts that the President's influence
was used; to , insure favorable action
toward the Panama route, as opposed
to the Nicaraguan route; that when
the Colombian Senate refused to rat
ify the treaty submitted by the United
States it was the President's duty j to
take the alternative; "but in absolute
and reckless disregard ot the impera
tive command of the law which he
himself had approved, \ the President
refused to. negotiate with Nicaragua
and Costa RicalV". '•"... v
TACOMA, Wash.. Jan. 17.— The cigar
ette habit gave Miss Cassie Huntley a
thrilling experience, a severe shaking
up and several broken bones, accord
ing to the story which she told in the
Federal Court in prosecution of her
damage suit against the Canadian Pa
cifia Railroad for being hurled from a
swiftly moving train at night while a
passenger on a sleeping car bound for
Puget Sound. \}}\
Miss Huntley is suing for #7500 dam
ages,'which she claims to be due her
for carelessness on the part of the
company in not taking the proper safe
guards to prevent passengers from fall
ing off the vestibule. She testified that
she took passage on one of the com
pany's trains ten months ago from a
point in Alberta. She engaged a berth
In a tourist oar. but during the i-ight
went to the vestibule to smoke a cigar
ette. She was enjoying the aroma of
the k weed when the train suddenly
swung around a curve and she was
precipitated, from the vestibule to the
ground.
Miss Huntley arose to find herself
alone and in scant clothing several
miles from any habitation with the
thermometer playing around the zero
mark. In some manner the conductor
of the* train learned that Miss Huntley
had left it In a rather informal man
ner, and he started back in search cf
her. She was found a few yards from
where she had taken the involuntary
tumble. . • ..
Special Dispatch to The Call.
DI"'OX, Jan. 17. — The Dixon Cours
ing Club held a meet to-day under un
pleasant weather conditions. It
rained throughout the. day, making it
disagree: Me for both spectators and
officials. The stake was won by E.
Scott's Pomona, with Silver Tip run
ner-up. The next meet will be held
on the 24th inst. Martin Kerrigan of
San Francesco judged, while Joe Rich
ards handled the slips. 1 The results
follow:
First round — Driftwood b«at Uncle Silas;
Dixon Boy beat Yellovr Kid; Cordelia beat B«
nir;a Boy: Pomona beat Matlpan; Kittle Van"
beat Lottie II; Knob HU1 beat Gare: Klondike
beat Merr7 Go Round; La Belle beat Regal
Attire; Lady ThMma beat Floodgate; Silver
Tip beat The Abbot; War Hawk beat Uttle
Freda.
Second round — Dixon Boy beat Driftwood;
Pomona beat Cordelia; Kitty Van beat Knob
Hill; Ia Belle beat Klondike: Silver Tip beat
Lady Thelma: War Hawk a bye.
Third round — Pomona beat Dixon Boy La
Belle beat Kitty Van; Silver Tip beat War
Hawk.
Fifth round— Pomona beat I#a Belle; Silver
Tip a bye.
Deciding course— K. Scctfs Pomona beat M.
Comber's Silver Tip.
Stake Is Won by Pomona, With Sliver
Tip Runner-Up.
COURSIXG AT DIXOX.
Interesting Legal Action in Ta
coma Due to a Fair Cigarette-
Smoking Passenger's Tumble
Texas Senator Says He Would
Resign Bather Than Vote
for Pana'ma Canal Treaty
After vainly trying to find an el do
rado of gold on the bleak shores of
Patagonia, two venturesome youths, C.
Thompson and J. McManus, gave up
the chase and landed in San Francisco
yesterday. The original party consisted
of ten members, which started out from
Halifax on March 17, 1903, on the little
schooner Hattie L. M., eighty-seven
tons burden, bound for the expected
land of gold on South America's shores,
under the guidance of Captain McLeod,
the commander of the vessel, who was
supposed to know the exact spot where
the^ treasure was to be found. During
the passage the little craft encountered
a terrible gale, which washed overboard
Ashley Cooper, who was drowned.
On arrival at Terre del Fuego the
vessel was rur# ashore and beached at
False Cove, the spot where the party
expected to pick up untold wealth. The
gold was not there.
The country was bleak and drear
and all kinds of hardships were en
countered. Finally Thompson and Mc-
Manus decided to strike out for them
selves, and heavily armed they started
down the coast. They encountered In
dians who were more or less of a sav
age type, but who for the most part
were friendly. Finally they decided to
go to Punta Arenas, and to do this
they were compelled to go in a tiny ca
noe in the open ocean for nearly 150
miles to the objective point. For nearly
a month when they were with the In
dians they lived entirely on shrimps
and clams. On November 9 the steam
er Mera hove in sight .and they took
passage on her for this port. McManus
has kept a complete diary of all the
events of the trip and has a collection
of something over 400 photographs
taken sinde he left Halifax. Notwith
standing the hardships they have en
countered the young men are in the
best of health, but have decided to
abandon any further search for riches
in that portion of the country.
WOMAN SUES
FOR THOUSANDS
BAILEY RAILS
AT ROOSEVELT
Ten Venturesome Men Go From
Halifax in Small Vessel to
Look for Gold in Patagonia
MINE WORKERS
WILL CONVENE
At 2 o'clock on the morning of Sep
tember 1 last the dwelling of E. H.
Warren, just outside' the city limits,
was entered. The masked burglar went
into the room occupied by Mrs. B. F.
Mackinder, a visitor from St. Helena,
Cal. Mrs. Mackinder's screams brought
Miss "Warren and her father to the
room. At the point of a revolver Mr.
"Warren was compelled to enter an
other apartment, where he was con
fined. Mrs. Mackinder was relieved of
a valuable watch, a costly ring and
$7 50 in cash-
On the afternoon of September 2. 1903,
the Rev. R. H. Kennedy of Hlllsboro
was arrested on the charge of burglar
izing the "Warren residence. -
HILL.SBORO. Or., Jan. 17.— The jury
in the case of the Rev. R. H. Kennedy,
charged with the burglary of the resi
dence of E. H. "Warren at 2 o'clock on*
the morning of September 1 last, early
to-day returned a verdict acquitting
the accused. The Jury deliberated upon
the guilt or innocence of Kennedy, who
is a minister of the Congregational de
nomination, for eight hours. Much tes
timony damaging to the defense was
introduced, but the Jury returned a
verdict for Kennedy on the ground of
reasonable doubt.
SEEK IN VAIN
FOR TREASURE
Congregational Minister in an
Oregon Town Accused of Bur
glary Leaves the Prison
JURY ACQUITS
A CLERGYMAN
First race — Seven furlong; 3-year-olds; sell-!
Ins:
r.7:>-» •Ir.strurr.er.t <McAIlister & Co.) 112
5739 "N'orfh West (Clifford & Co.) 102
564* Dorlce <Schre;ber> H2
Harka (Kerr) 112
f.714 Doric (Jones) 1° 7
<573v«)*The Cure (Fisher) 112
5331 'Ruvia (Garden City Stable) 102'
5C55 Vlay Ball (D?!y) 112
5727 •Dungarnr.n < Knebelkamp) 107
.... Monrtita iNapa Stock Farm) 112
5743 Terfatr Kel>y <Bender & Co.) ..112
5*32 Celebrant (Hamilton Stable) 117
:- •'- ¦
S«*ecnJ race— Three and a half furlongs; 2
>-**r-o!ds; ?oi:«ng:
'..;.. •Esc-ofcof.a (Stewart & C«.> 107 '
EdJiie Jomf-Xapsmax.
5C01 'Del Carina (Smith* 101
Tarcoota Belle (San Jo.io.u1n Stable). . .112
Tarxoola- \irrlta S.
5715 Ari*l»- (Napa etoc* Farm) 109
nen Eric (Dobson) 115
T.091 HaraKiauda «Schreiber) 109
<571j)liarir J (Jane*) 112
ZtStV 31--A4* (Bianchi & Co> 109
. j:. .-..-. <LJurn* & Wntrrhouse) 112
Kildie Jcne.«-Duckling.
5ffi»T -Stoef Wir<» <Ptov«-> .101
. Mai L«»Il T^ynch) . . :.-.. . :.. 1C«
J£i#« Tcnopih (Warhoe Stable) 112
Third rece — Five and a hiH furlonxs: 3-year
ol(U *nJ uv; **mr.g:
57JC »Go<Jd<r* cf Nijtht 'Parker) 100
T.O8 Creedmore cJchreiber) luO
W: 'Louis Wagner (Blakeman) 105
4705 >am Lazurus Esq. (Dose).. 110
57O." *A :..-.:¦ :a s f Schorr) 92
Acorn* (Truett & Campbell) 1C5
«;>Tif»e)*r-oubIe Six (Follansbeej 103
4R71 Alta Pepiry (Howell) 101
(8SS)Atwood ( Keminjrxay) 84
S710 *<"Jocdo!u» Orunest) 81
¦ .'.7'.., - L ; ; a (Jennings & Co.) S4
— -^— -
Fourth race— One an3 a sixteenth miles; 4
year#-o!<I» and up: selling:
5O5 »R«-y Dare (Nealon)..... 100
SKW •m<2«nt;t (Atkin) 10«
5447 Hcrvn (Bianchi & Co.) 108
. r .?(i7 •nillouon <R&r.dall) 100
.'•T:?; Dona tor (Maloolland) 101
• KWri-an Knight <Larnas»ncy Brc«.) 107
5O47 "Modicum (Feuntair.) »?;
572S Chickadt-* <McC'afferty) 99,
572S Opti:x.o (Blakeroan) 105
Fifth race— Six furlong*; S-year-oldsani up;
t'lllr*:
5C»2 Romaic (Jones) 109
S71» t=t<lirho <J*nr.ir.|ts & Co.) !iO3
r..l» 'Colonel Van (Fountain) 104
<V;M»*Bay Wonder (Newman) I(tt
r.S3T» -Silent Water f Smith) ' 54
5716 Alice Carey <BeIi) J04
... Suburban Q-ieer, (Johnson & Winter) '. '. 1 (H
MS4 'Reeves (Lanaj-aev Bro«).. io«
•vrc "Jar.e Holly (Veagerj. ... . 97
CiWRi'Mait Hojran <M;i«rrane) . """104
tSncrXttiUh (McKenzie) *-.-* jo<»
S4S* 'Lansdowne (Fitzgerald) '.'.'..'. 9S
Kixth race— One mile and seventy yards- 4
ye»r-on* and up; purse: ¦
<Ti7r.SUoe Lesser (Beams) 10 
- r7.VS Hairy Green (Follansbee) 1(M
(•m41iGqM Money (Jenr.inar?) '"in
fr^2)Nairtor (Hea»ran». .....[ \%
r>70G Kcnilworth (Stover) :; \\.
5719 Soothsayer (Lamarney Ero«.). .'.'.'...'/. iio^
•Apprentic* allowmaco.
ENTRIES FOR TO.-DAY.
The rain played havoc yesterday with
the plans of the association footballers.
Of the three matches for the cham
pionship of the California League none
was played. Seme of the Thistles and
Oakland Hornets were at the Presidio
Athletic ground in the morning, but
the water stood in pools on the sur
face and the match was called off.
The ground at Idora Park, Oakland,
where the Independents of Sa"n Fran
cisco we're scheduled to meet the Albion
Rovers in the afternoon, was in an
even worse condition and no match was
played.
The dryest of the three grounds was
that at Alameda, but the teams of
the Pickwicks and Occidentals were not
present in full strength and a practice
game was played Instead of the league
ntatch. The Pickwicks were aided by
Knight of the Seamen's Institute team,
as gatekeeper, artd by Gillchrest of the
Albion Rovers as outside right. The
Occidental team included Harwood of
the Vampire eleven, who acted "as goal
keeper most of the time, and T. S.
Lydon of the Thistles. G. S. K. Mc-
Callum of the Vampires acted as ref
eree. The game was productive of
some interesting play, the Pickwicks
scoring 3 goals to 0. A few spectators
watched the game from the side lines.
The teams lined up in the following po
8iticr>.s:
Pickwicks. Positions. Occidentals.
Knight Goalkeeper Harwood
W. Bawcock..'... Left back Grade
Walker Right back Milne
A. Eowcock Left halfback Bowden
Todd Center halfback Roberta
Cook Right halfback Lloyd
Murdock Outside left Evans
McGilUvray Inside left .Robinson
Cowan Center forward.. T. 8. Lydon
Warren Inside right P. Lydon
Gilchrest Outside right V. Holland
• There -was a large attendance of rifle
men yesterday at the ranges at
Schuetzen Park. . Although the weather
was against good markmanship. line
scores were made. In the bullseye
shoe-ting ' of the California Schuetzen
Club Adolph Strecker led all his com
petitors with the excellent score of. 17
bullseyes in 20 shots. This score means
that Strecker placed seventeen shots
out of 20 within a six-inch circle at
a distance of. 200 yards.
William F.. Blasse was the fortunate
man who made the best bullseye of
the day, scoring almost a true center.
Ha was closely followed by Emile
Woenne, who made a fine center shot.
In the Grutli Club A. Studer was high
man in the medal shooting with a score
of 413 rings in the championship class.
H. Hauser won first class honors with
389 rings. v
Charles Sasehorn shqwed the Turn
ers'* Scheutzer how he can still hold
a good gun, by placing 207 rings to his
credit' in the ' medal competition. A
special prize presented by Philo Jacoby
was won by T. J. Carroll. Following
are the winners at the bullseye shoot
ing of the California Schuetzer Club:
First, W. F. Blarse,-3S7; second, E. Woenne,
40ti; third, T: J. Carroll, 440; fourth, A. Ber
teken, 487; fifth. Otto Burmeister. 544; sixth,
William McCracken, 5S8: seventh, M. F.
Blasse, 60U; F. Werleri 705, John Bachmann
747, George Tammeyer 773, A. Strecker 773,
A. von Wyl SSO. John Jones 913, A. Studer
ULH). Charles Sagehorn 044, A. Brehm 050. A.
Utachte tt«6, . Otto Bremer 1018, A. Jungblut
HOW, IxuiIb Thlerbach 1240, A. Rabwyler 1241.
William .N'oldcn 1244, Chris Meyer. 1285, Fred
Levers 1335. F. RJede 1352, I* J. Reubold 1531,
F. J. Povey 1557, Frank Suter 1665. M. F.
Hartter 171S, J. C. Waller 1747.
Cadets— Frank Bertelsen 1SS3, Henry Becker
2700. The scores of the other contestants fol
low:. J. L. Utschltr 1S62, Joseph Straub 1773.
J. Kullmann 272S, M. Kolander 2194, C. von
Hartwier 2297. Philo Jacoby 2092. M. Reubold
293G. John Boiler 1S31. \V. F. Blasse, 387, H.
Scheunert. 2040.
Pistol annex— Champion class, J. Kullmann,
88. 8S; W. F. Blasae, 87, S4: J. L. Utschijr. 87;
George Tammeyer, S3; M. F. Blasse. 81; Philo
Jaooby, 77; L.. Reubold. 7S 79; M. F. Hartter,
79. First class— M. .Kolander, 81, #71; Curls
Meyer, 73: John Boiler, 73, 60; C. von Hart
wig, 6«, 47: T. J. Carroll. 60; Joseph Straub,
51. 30; M. Reubold. 2C
San Francisco Turners' Schuetzen monthly
medal competition — C. Sagehom, 207, 158;
Adam Brehm, 142. 127; William Nolden, 176;
Joseph Straub, 1T0, 173; C. Abraham, 137. 175;
A. Ut»chig, 177, ir.8: J. Mahr. 108, 02; Otto
Burmelster, 174, 184: Captain F. Kommer,
150, 119; B. Jonas, 187, 185.
GrutH Schuetaen Section, monthly .medal
shooting-, champion class — A.' Studer 413 rini?9,
A. von "Wyl oCO. G. It. Hauser 35S, John
Bachmann 3C4. First class. L. Hauser, v :«9 ;
second Glass, F. Werlln 347, .O. Imdorf !Q4;
third class, Charles Mueller 255. E. Deflllppi
293. A. Gysm 135, J. Geutenlreer 61.
Bullseye shooting — First E. Suter. second O.
Imdorf. third A. Studer. fourth E. Deflllppl,
fifth A. von Wyl. sixth F. Werlen. seventh
G. R. , Hauser, eighth It. . Hauser, ninth C.
Ott. "
There will be a. four-round contest
between George Peterson and Joe
Thomas for the welter-weight cham
pionship of the coast. Peterson holds
the title, having beaten Ted Wolfe
twice, "Rough House" McDonald,
Billy Stewart and Al Young of the
Hawthorne Athletic Club. Peterson
has trained hard for 'this contest, as
he knows Thomas is a dangerous man.
Eddie Graney will referee all the
contests.
George Murray and Bob' Lundy,
who will wear the winsed "O" to
morrow night, are the best boys in
their class. Murray meets Billy
Stewart of the United States navy and
Lundy goes against Jack Burge, the
best amateur lightweight in this city.
, Gloves will fly to-morrow night at
Mechanics* Pavilion. The cleverest
amateur boxers on the coast will com
pete in a tournament under the aus
pices of the Lincoln Athletic Club.
The sale of seats opens at Harry Cor
beti's this morning. Leader John
Gleason of the Olympic' Club has
taken a section in order to accommo
date the members of the Olympic
Club who are desirous of seeing their
champions compete against other
good men.
t>am Bergrer, who is known to his
intimates as the "Percentage Kid," is
in perfect fettle and should give
George Sullivan a hard battle. Sulli
van has been training at Joe Millet's
place near Colma and is also in fine
shape. This contest will settle the
amateur heaVy-weight championship
of the coast and the victor has a rosy
chance of representing California at
the St. Louis Exposition. Berger will
be seconded by his friend, Jimmy
Britt, "Spider" Kelly and Dewitt Van
Vourt. Van Court looks upon Berger
as the coming champion of the world.
He developed Britt and other good
men and. knows what he is talking
about. Berger owes his knowledge of
the boxing same to Van Court, who
has devoted considerable time per
fecting Sam in the game of lead and
counter.
Barney Schreiber paid a flying visit
to Los Angeles on Saturday. He will
probably be back in time to chalk up
prices to-day.
On September 11 last Van Xess. a
4 -year-old, carrying 107 pounds, ran
the last six and a half furlong-s of the
Futurity course in a race in 1:18 flat
One of th«> best fields of the season
is expected to start |n thp Lissak han
dicap next Saturday at Oakland. The
event is for 2-year-olds and upward at
a mile and will have a value of more
thiin 54000. In the list of 144 eligi
blc-s are hordes that have shown to
prood advantage in the bis races al
ready decided.
Walter Jennings was a liberal nom
inator, as he has Pror»er, Dainty,
Shot Gun, Xigrette. Leader, Sacredus,
Toeoluvr and Arabo to represent him.
Oarsman is a candidate, while Fossil
and Claude are likely starters.
Among others entered are Faulcon
bridge, llockav.-ay, Toledo, Argregor,
Epicure. Bearcatcher. Military Man,
Jockey Club, Daisy Green. Yellow Tail,
Martinmas, John A. Scott, Ishtar.
Beau Ormonde. Futurita, Stuyve, Hon
iton. Eonic. Horatius, Princess Ti
tania. Lacy Crawford, Byron Rose,
Peter J, The Fos and F. E. Shaw,
A feature for Wednesday will be an
owners" handicap at a mile for 3-year
olds and upward. The purse is S600
and if the California record of 1:39 is
beaten the Xew California Jockey
Club ¦will give J400 additional to the
winner. *»
After beating'Wedgewood in the sec
ond round the veteran disposed of Med
ley, Red Pepper and Flora Belle in or
der, without allowing any of them to
score a point against her. In the eemi
ftnal the campaigner was slipped with
Boots, which had been outfooting some
hard ones. The talent made Boots a
slight favorite, but O'Shea's dog man
aged to land the course by a score of
4 to 3.
Rasged Actor was o« the card to
meet Golden Rule in the deciding course
and the wise ones figured the younger
courser an easy victor over his veteran
opponent. Two to one were the pre
vailing odds that the Actor would be
returned a winner. The old-timer beat
him to the hare hanidly and when the
flag was raised she had outpointed him
4 to 1. --•.•..
Boots ran well throughout the stake
and is about due to win.
Haddington in a long course beat
Cloverdale, a 1 to 6 choice.
Following are the day's results, with
Judge Thomas Tierney's official scores:
Open stake: second round — Quita beat The
Referee. 10-7; Frisky Barbara beat Kreswlck
4-2; Flora Belle beat Cloudburst, 3-2; Oulda a
bye; Golden Rule beat Wedgewood.-4.2- Medley
beat Troublesome, 4-1; Ploughman beat Querita
Vincent. 7-0; Red Pepper beat Real Duchess.
C-2; Pacinsr Billy beat Clover Blosgom. 8-7:
Royal Friend beat Roy Hu^hle, C-2- Glaucus
beat Homer Boy. 3-2; Harlean Gladys beat
Maid ot Mercy. 6-0; . High Born beat Topsy
Turvy. 5-O; Huddington beat Cloverdale,' 10-10
lone beat Meddlesome, 4-0; Boots beat Little
Mercy, 7-4; Viking: beat Fancy Free, «-5;
Lulu Girl bpat Prometheus. 8-1- Texas
Betty beat Jessie Dear, 12-3; Monbells
beat Brilliancy. 3-1; Celtic beat Fannie
Hushie. 7-5; Toronto beat Lady Plnta, 5-0:
Odd Eves beat Gold Lily. 5-3; Ragged Actor
beat Menlo Prince. 5-1.
Third round — Quita beat Frisky Barbara, 7-0-
Flora Belle beat Oulda, 11-7; Golden Rule beat
Medley. 5-0; Red Pepper beat Ploughman.
12-0 ! Pacinp Billy beat Royal Friend. 4-0:
Glaucu3 tit at Hark an Gladys, (M; High Born
beat Hadrllngton, 6-4: Boots beat lone Hill.
5-0: Viklns beat Texas Betty, 3-0; Lulu Ctrl
beat Monbt-lls. 4-3; Celtic beat Toronto, 5-3:
Ragged Actor beat Odd Eyes, 5-0.
Fourth round — Oulta beat Flora Belle, 3-1;
GoJden Rule beat Red Pepper. 4.-O: Glaucus
beat Paring Billy, 6-1; Boots beat High Born,
5-1; Viking beat Celtic, 4-3; Ragged Actor beat
Lulu Girl, S-.V
Fifth round— Golden Rule beat Flora Belle,
\1-Q; Boots beat GJaucus, 4-2; Racted Actor
beat Viking. 7-4. ¦,¦:¦<¦¦¦ -
Sixth round — Golden Rule beat Boots. 4-3;
Jldafced Actor a bye. ¦.*¦•
Deciding course — Golden 'Rule beat Ragged
Actor, i-1.
Jerry O'Shea's fast old greyhound
Golden Ruiti. proved to a large gather
ing of-leashmen at Ingleside Coursing
Park yesterday that she still possesses
the speed, stamina and cleverness of
days gone by when she was rated as
a dangerous competitor in any com
pany. . •.;¦¦; ¦¦^^ : .i
The half mile may so to California.
Stanford has lost Thompson and
Smith, who figured so heavily in the
scoring last year, and unless some
crack man is developed that event,
will be lost to it. Edwards is Califor
nia's only veteran. Clifford having
graduated. Wilcox. an Oakland High;
School graduate, who did the distance
In 2:05. has come to the university.
The hardest fight will develop in the'
sprints. Cadogan is bacx In college,,
but whether he will train is something;
he himself has not determined upon. .
Abadie will take care of the 50 and'
100 yard dashes. Hughes, an Oak
land High School graduate; Davis and
Zacharias of Modesto, who all made
reputations during their "prep"
school day?, will be in these short
distance events. Stanford will have
Dunn, who won the 440-yard dash last
year; Grossman, a veteran at th»
same distance, and Turpin. a good 220
and 100 vard man.
Both universities are weak in the
hurdles this year. Kuhn will not
compete and Weller. even if he goes
back to his studies, will not be able
to enter on account of his injured leg.
Against* whoever Stanford sends In
for this event California ' will have
Meany and Chaplin. There are no
freshmen in. the incoming class with
records in th'e hurdles.
The pole vault is conceded to Stan
ford. Beach. Dole and Henley all
jumped higher with the aid of the
pole than the California men did last
year and they have returned to col
lege. Opposing them will be Captain
Cooley, Wilcox and Symmes. who will
have to do a lot of practicing before
they will be able to overcome the rec
ords of the Stanford men. For the
jumps there will be Chaplain, Neigh
bor. Hickey and Cooley for California
and Henley and Beach for Stanford.
Stanford will not have Crawford,
who won first In the weights last
year, to help out the scores. Califor
nia will have Bush. Snedlgar. Forse
and Sperry. the last named a Modesto
boy, who comes to the university with,
a reputation for the hurdles and
weights.
BASEBALL MEN* AT 'WORK.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Jan.17.
— The first regular baseball practice of
the season was held on the varsity
diamond some days since and 4h«
outlook, considering the large number
of men who turned out for the initial
warming-up, i3 encouraging. More
than thirty men, many of them fresh-« !
men, appeared in uniform.
Of the eleven men that played dur-«
ing last year's intercollegiate series*
five will be missing this year. Brown.
McGilvray, Lowenthal and Copp have
graduated or left college, whila
Parker, the varsity twirler. through
taking postgraduate work, is ineligible
on account of "having. participated in
intercollegiate contests for four years-
Crawford, star shortstop on the 1903
varsity nine, who was counted on to
strengthen the team materially this
year, has just been compelled to quit
college on account of the illness of
his father and will not return- Hi3
place will probably be filled by "Bob"
.Williams, '06, who played the position
in Crawford's absence last year.
The loss of McGilvray behind •• tha
bat will also cripple the Stanford
nine. As an all-round player the big
catcher was one of the best in the
team, his strongest point being hi3
throwing to the bases. Captain Ball
may go in from third to resume his
old position as catcher, "which he
played in 1903. "Stump" Scott, cap
tain of the freshmen football team
and a catcher with, several years' ex
perience on the J'ultnomah nine, has
come out as a condidate for the var
sity team.
Tritch, ? 04. who pitched on£ game
against California . last year, has re
turned to college and Is the leading
aspirant for pitchers' -honors. Among
others who have also a good chance
, to work into the box are Roosevelt, '04.
and Sales, '06. The loss of Parker,
the veteran twirler, will have to be
met by these men.
There are at present seven men Irl
college eligible to . lay against Berke
ley, who have played on former var
sity teams. They are Ball. -Tritch.
Trowbridge, Knight. Blake, Williams
and Wirt. Among the second team
players who have appeared on the
field are Sales. Col>— t. Weinmann.
Moore. Hudson. Howard, . Deby. and
Swinerton. MM
BERKELEY, Jan. 17.- — From pres
ent appearances University of Califor
nia and Stanford University will be
evenly matched when they come to
gether on 'the athletic field day next
April. Stanford seemed to have the
best of It after the victory' of last year,
but lately California's chances have
become a little sunnier. Stanford re
tains more of her veterans, but Cali
fornia has captured the best of the
"prep" school's crop of athletes to
help offset the odds.
This is about the first year in th»
history of Intercollegiate field con
tests where the talent seems equally
divided. In all other years the pre
dictions that California would win
were based on evidence that turned
out to be reliable, except, however,
last year. Even then it was conceded
that California would have won. but
for Cadogan's mishap. This year it
is different and no man can tell how
it will come out until the smoke of
battle has cleared away.
California retains Tibbetts. its best
man. for the distance events. He had
an easy time last year and may be de
pended, upon to win. Beside him,
there will be Lundy, Hackley. and
Newhall, all good runners. To com
pete against them Stanford will have
Captain Holman, Stiles and Waring
Holman is the most dangerous of tha
trio.
Pickwick Association Team
Shuts Out the Occidental
Eleven in a Friendly Match
He Is. Credited With the Best
Center in Competition on
the Schuetzen Park Range
Boots Is a Three-Timo Winner
on the Short End and Nearly
Reaches the Deciding Course
A Bi«r Squad Has Commenced
Practice at Palo Alto for
the Intercollegiate Games
George Peterson and Joe Thomas
Will Fight Four Rounds for
Coast Title in This Class
California Joekev Club Offers
. ,• *
an Inducement if the Mile
Record Is Broken This Week
Free Born beat Bonnie Pasha. 7-4; Ragtime
beat Concord Tralee, 4-0: J E H beat Advance
Guard. 5-0; Imperious beat Renegade Apache.
0-7: Sir Pasha beat Emin Bey. 6-3: Barge
beat Tnapper Garrison 6-2; Concord Boy
beat Belu?a 27-S; Jack Short beat Haughty
Helen 9-6; 'Fair Tralee beat Lord Granard,
10-7; Pocatelli boat White Stoeklngrs. 12-8;
Irvlngton Tralee beat Ordinance, 4-0; Com
«ock beat Blanche Jewett. 4-0: Pathfinder
beat Black Flush, 6-3; Sea Lien beat Colored
Lady. 10-3: Apple Blossom beat Don Pedro,
4-0; General Dewet beat Remlsao Animo. 0-5;
Charter Member beat Cluster. 20-0;"Orslr.a beat
Bric-a-Brac 10-12: Bolendlne beat Comique,
5-0; Melrose beat Golden Link*. 7-3; Raclnff
Auto beat Lilac, 4-2; Black Boy beat "Wood
lan'd B<»lle 5-S: Cubano'.a beat Clarice. 4-3;
Lily Wripht beat Melllnwood. 15-9: Gambit
beat Miss Green. 5-0: Palo Alto beat Adver
tiser 6-0; Irish Lad beat Evil Eye. SO:
Donnybrook beat Ruby Sankey. 3-2; Pepper
Jack beat Thelma. 10-7: Texas Jim beat St.
Louis Boy, 8-6; TraUe Boy beat Sempronlous,
7-5- Wild Nora beat Kittleman. 7-4; Rocker
Arm beat Flora Temple. 4-0; Vandal beat
Helen Hayes 5-0; Free From Flaw beat East
lake R-O; Mount Rose beat Texas Girl. 8-0.
Second round — Free Born beat Ragtime. 6-3:
J E II b«»at Imperious, 7-2; Barge beat Sir
Paclta «-0; Jack Short beat Concord Boy. 4-3;
Fair Traiee beat Pocatelli. 3-2; Irvington Tra
lee beat Comstock, 4-0; Sea Lion beat Path
finder. 12-4; Apple Blossom beat General De
wet, 3-1; Charter Member beat Orslna. 10-3;
Baiendine beat Melrose, 17-8: Black Boy beat
Racine Auto, 6-0; Lily Wright beat CubanoU.
7-5; Gambit beat Palo Alto, 2-0; Donnybrook
beat Irish Lad. 16-9; Texas Jim beat Pepper
Jack, 6-0: Tralee Boy beat Wild Nora, 7-1:
Rocker Arm beat Vandal, 3-2; Mount Rose beat
Free From Flaw, 18-10.
Third round — J E H- beat Free Born, 6-0;
Barge beat Jack Short, 5-3; Fair Tralee beat
Irvington Tralee, 5-0; Sea Lion beat Apple
Blo*iom, 11-5; Charter Member b»at Balendine,
15-«1; Black Boy beat Lily Wrifrht. 8-5; Gambit
boat Donnybrock. 4-3; Tralee Boy beat Texas
Jim. 7-3; Rocker Arm beat Mount Rose. 11-9.
Fourth round — Barge beat J E H, 3-2: Fair
Tralee beat Sea Lion, 4-0: Charter Member
beat Black Boy, 28-8; Tralee. Boy beat Gambit,
6-2: Rocker Arm a bye.
Fifth round— Fair Tralee beat Barge, 0-6;
Rocker Ann beat Charter Member, 14-10; Fair
Tralee a bye.
Sixth round — Fair Tralee a bye; Tralee Boy
beat Rocker Arm, 7-0.
Deciding course — Fair Tralee beat Tralee
Boy, 4-3.
Fair Tralee , and Tralee Boy, two
greyhounds from the kennel of the
veteran coursing man, .T. J. Cronin,
carried off the honors yesterday at
Union Coursing Park. In the deciding
course of the 72-dog open stake Fair
Tralee beat his kennelmate by a score
of 4 points to 3. -" .
Tralee Boy was installed a 1 to 3
choice in the betting and barely led to
the hare by half a length in a run half
way across the field. Fair Tralee drove
in and secured the turn and then won
by the narrow margin of 1 point.
The winner is considered one of -the
fastest young greyhounds in Califor
nia, but he has been unlucky. He was
favorite for last year's Futurity, but
was injured just before the stake was
run. He beat in turn yesterday Lord
Granard. Pocatelli, Irvington Tralee,
Sea Lion, Barge, and, finally, Tralee
Boy.
Both Pocatelli and Palo Alto fell by
the wayside in the second round, the
former being beaten by the ultimate
winner and the latter by Gambit.
The most decided upset of the day
was the defeat of Renegade Apache 'by
Imperious. The former was made a
1 to 6 choice and was beaten by a score
of 9 points to 7. The results of the
day's running in detail, with Judge P.
J. Reilly's official score, follows:
Pocatelli and Palo Alto Are
Retired to Their Kennels
After Each Has AVon a Trial
CONTEST AT ALAMEDA
CARDINAL'S BASEBALL MEN"
PURSE WILL BE VALUABLE
CHAMPIONS FAIL' BACKERS
HONORS FOR W. F. BLASSE
HARD-HITTING "WELTERS"
It AGGED .'ACTOR RUNNER-UP
Athletic Strength of Rival Uni
versities Is Now Being Es
timated by Men Interested
Adolph - Strecker Scores Seven
teen Bullseyes in Twenty
Shots at Two. Hundred Yards
Bcnrer and Sullivan to Contest
for Amateur Heavy- Weight
Honors at Mechanics' Pavilion
Aged Courser Wins Open Stake
at Ingleside . Park* in
Field of Speedy Travelers
Veteran Leashman Takes Big
Money at Union Park With
Fair Tralec and Tralee Boy
Football Pla3'ers Are Unable to
, Use Either the Presidio or
the Idora Park Field
\VilI lie Kun Xext Saturday
at Oakland Track With All
the Crack Horses Starting
L1SSAK STAKE
NEXT IN LINE
CRONIN HOUNDS
RUN ONE-TWO
CLEVER BOXERS
ARE TO MEET
COLLEGE TEAMS
WELL MATCHED
SODDEN GROUND
SPOILS SPORT
GOLDEN RULE
A FAST HOUND
MARKED SMIL
OF RIFLEMAN
SPORTS OF THE TRACK AND HAPPENINGS OF A DAY ON THE FIELD AND RIFLE RANGE
;«v .,•¦-•¦.- ¦ ¦ ¦
THE SAN FRANCISCO .CALL,' MONDAY, JANUARY ' 1S, : 1904.
: CTMUNDEX. Auntrta. Jan. 17.—Kta»-Chris
tian of Denmark, who Is now restored to »e»!tu.
The Fog. Glendenning. The Mist, St.
Winnlf ride. Wiggins. Rose Farr... T. J.
Cox, Wolhurst. • Irhpromptu and P. E.
Shawv entire stable of W. B. Sink Jr..
sold to-night. Occidental Horse Ex
change, - •
Jockey Xnsli Turner: Is I Injured.
: NaCE/ ; Jan. 17.— Nash Turner. • the
American- jockey,'; had a terrible : fall
inutile I chief 'face at : the : meeting; here
to-day.' . His ". condition ' I is .'v considered
desperate by : the' attendine bhysicians.
"WASHINGTON. Jan. 17. — Representative
John Sharp Williams of Mississippi, who has
been sick for some 'day?, has about recovered
and expects to be in h:.-> seat in the House o£
Representatives at an early date.
IDAHO SPRINGS. Colo.. Jan. 17.—
Three, of the thirteen" men who were
acquitted at Georgetown yesterday of
the .charge of conspiring: to blow up
the' Sun and Moon transformer. ' have
been rearrested on the charge of ar
son:' They are : J. E. Chandler, ; Ross
Sanborh and Foster Milburn. They, will
be tried in Gilpin County at the Jane
term. Information charging them with
the crime will be filed in the District
Court Monday.
Acquitted Men Kearrested.
CHATTANOOGA, Tenn.. Jan. 17.—
John McNeill. president of the Boiler-
Makers' Union of America, to-day
called a strike of 500 boiler-makers
employed by two companies here, and
one. at Battelle, Ala., because non
union men have been employed.
11¦ LIMA, ; Peru. Jan. 17.— The. Government has
granted permission for the use of freight trains
having a velocity, of twenty kilometers an hour
to be run on ? the ¦ new "American ? railway . line
between tOroya.' on the Oroya Rlvrr (nlnety^flve
miles from L.lma) to.Cerro dc Pasco.'tne capi
tal of the Department of Ynia. '
PHILADELPHIA, Jan. 17.— At a
mass meeting held under the auspices
of the leading women's clubs of this
city,-.to-dav'. resolutions -were adopted
denouncing, polygamy and • Mormon
ism ; and - petitioning the United States
Senate ,^to investigate the charges
made against Senator Sfnoot. :
Clubs Denounce Mormonism.
EUSTIS/ Fla.. Jan.' 17.— The ' body
of James L. Blair.' the. former general
counsel of the St. Louis World's Fair,
who died yesterday, ' was* started "for
St. Louis to-day, accompanied by. Mrs.
Blulr and her : son. ; Neither ¦would
make a statement ¦ of; their' plans.
Blair held life policies amounting to
$ 1 ,1 3 4,0 00 and it is said that at least
$500,000 of this has been assigned to
his; creditors.
Blair's Body Taken to St. Louis.
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists. 50c flask. . Richard A Co.. 406 Clay.*
COLORADO SPRINGS. Colo., Jan.
17.— Colonel John H.; Bacon, a pioneer
of t is city, who - came here in 1875,
committed: suicide by shooting this
morning. He left a letter to the public
stating that he owed no man a dollar,
had no enemies that he'knew of,' had no
family troubles, but;, had suffered so
much pain" from rheumatism and in
somnia that it more than offset the
pleasure of this world. He was 75 years
old. *>
Colonel Bacon was Mayor of j : Colo
rado Springs in 1891 and was prominent
as a -usiness man" in the early days.
He was well off financially, and: leaves
an estate valued at " 5230,000. >'
During the Civil War; Colonel Bacon
was provost marshal of the First Dis
trict of Iowa. .X^jjSHSQSSSBBi
Former Mayor . of Colorado Springs
Wearies of Lire on Account
of Ill-Health.
COLONEL BACON COMMITS
SUICIDE BY SHOOTING
SAN ANTONIO, Texas, Jan. 17.—
Private instructions have just been
given to the leaders of the Republican
party in Texas that no. Federal office
holders are to be permitted 'to *go as
delegates to the National _ Republican
Convention. :,
• These instructions are said to come 1
from the National Committee to all
State leaders and are. given at the ex
press wish of the President/who de
sires that if he: be nominated it be not
by a convention 1 dominated by Federal
officeholders. . > m
Republican National Delegates To Be
Free From Influences.
OFFICEHOLDERS BARRED.
SCRANTO.V. Pa.. Jan. 17.— The OHphant
breaker and washery of the Delaware and Hud
fon Company at OHphant was destroyed by
flre to-day. Loss, $110,000.
Italian Influx Increases.
ROME, Jan. 17. — The United States
continues to be the • chief objective
point of Italian immigration, the num
ber of emigrants- going there in. 1903
reaching a total of nearly 250.000.
The Government has intrusted Ado'lfe
Rossi, inspector of emigration, with a
mission to the United States for the
purpose of studying the best means of
directing Italians to the agricultural
States and of thus preventing . their
concentration in the large towns. He
will leave Rome at. the end of Jan
uary.
PAOLA, Kans., Jan. 17.— Two men
giving their names as Charljs Gorney,
aged 29, of St. Paul. Minn., and Thomas
Rorcrs, aged 30, of Butte, Mont., who
are suspected of attempting to rob the
Bank of Cleveland. Mo.',' and of blowing,
open the safe in the Missouri, Kansas
and- Texas station with nitro-glycerine.
wrecking the safe and tl.e interior of
the station of Loulsburg last night,
were surrounded and captured near
here to-day by a posse of 300 farmers
and members of the Anti-Horse Thief
Association, who had been on their
trail since daylight." Several shots were
fired before the men surren lered. Ko
one was hurt. .The men had in their
possession revolvers, ammunition and
nitro-glycerjne.
Knits., and Taken After Several
Shots Arc Fired.
Two Men Are Surrounded Xcar Paola.
SUSPECTED ROBBERS
CAPTURED BY FARMERS
Oas heaters, formerly $4. SO. now $2.50,
at San FranHpco Gas and Electric Com
pany, 413 Post stroet. . •
Many Will Patronize Bryan Dinner.
LINCOLN, Nebr.V Jan. it.— Five hun
dred tickets have been issued for the
"dollar dinner" to be given to-morrow
night in honor of W. J. Bryan. The
speakers comprise many of the leading
Democrats of the State. The subject
of Bryan's toast has not ,been an
nounced, but It is unlikely that the pre
diction that he will announce definitely
the policy he is to pursue in the ap
proaching campaign will be realized. It
is more likely that his speech will be
short, along; general lines and largely
extempore, with a possible brief review
of his European trip.
Some very swell wedding Invitations come
from Knowles. 2t Second street. Main 508. •
Mrs. Carmelita Cobina, who was se
verely burned at her home, '523 Vallejo
street, on the morning of January r>,
died yesterday ami her body was re
moved to the Morgue^ She had been
employed as- a waitress in W. Sears 1
saloon, SI a 1 , » Pacific: street, where she
was known as Mabel Onetto. While
she was sick in bed her two children
besan playing with matches and set
the bedclpthes on flre. She was taken
to the City and County Hospital,
but later Sears took her to his home
at 9 Hopeton terrace and called in Dr.
W. C. Hassler to attend her. She was
only 20 years of age, and had been de
serted by her husband.
Dies From Her Burns.
ADAMS' Irirh Moss Cough Balsam the safe.
sure and guaranteed cur". 25c, I»0c. Druggists.*
WHEELING, W. Va.. Jan. 17.— An ;
entire, block in the heart of the busi- \
ness district was burned to-night,
causing a. loss of nearly 5200,000. The
fire originated in the boiler-room of (
the Wheeling Daily News and spread
rabidly,, destroying that plant, the
wholesale liquor house of Shaefer &
Dryhorst and the extensive plant of:
Locke Bros.' Shoe Company. Several
other buildings caught flre. but were
saved. The. flre spread with such ra.- ;
pidity that the employes of the News
had no chance to escape by the stair
ways and the night editor, Allen B.
Smith, and his assistant, R. M. Archer,
were forced to jump from the second
story window. They escaped with
slight injuries. A few moments later
the walls collapsed. The News carried i
but little insurance. The others were;
well insured. * !
Flames Start in Newspaper Office and
Editors and Employes llaxol'^ ¦¦:
Narrow Escape.
FIRE SWEEPS WHOLE
BLOCK IX WHEELING
CHICAGO, Jan. 17.— Members of Chi
cago's police force, numbering 300, and
including patrolmen and officers of
rank, to-day, launched an organization
to be known as the "Policemen's Pro
gressive Association." Its principal ob
ject, it is said, will be the protection of
its members again? 1 . charges / made by
criminals and thievrs and on evidence
given by the latter jKo a local graft in
vestigation co:nmit'«oe. The charges
have resulted in thjj discharge of po
licemen and they assert that their dis
missal on such testimony is unjust.
The graft committed was denounced.
Lake City Blucco^its Drclnre They
Want I»rotcction Against Per
jury of Criminals*.
CIIICACO POLICliMEX
ORGANIZE A UNION
After to-day no shoes will be sold at
915 Market street. .The store will close
for two da'ys and <Jpen Thursday. All
the clothing: will b'» sold for 50 cents
on the dollar; $2j5 men's suits for
$12.50. All goods are marked hi plain
figures. One price! to all. Just half
of its original eofct. Men's all-wool
suits, regular prico ! $17.50, will be sold
for $8.75. This applies to every garment
in the store. All tailor-made suits,
never intended to be sacrificed, but cir
cumstances alter crises. Who will not
take advantage of the closing-out cloth
ing sale? 015 Markr« st., opp> Mason."*: •'
Come To-Day.
The groom has quite a fortune, which
is in the care of his guardian, J. H.
Chaffee. cashier of the Bank of Ven
tura. The Chaffees are indignant over
the affair, but they are willing to for
give. Miss Bounds is a beautiful and
accomplished young lady.
VENTURA, Jan. 17.— Miss Dollie
Bounds and Chester C. Chaffee desired
to marry and, not being able to secure
the consent of their mothers, they
eloped. They obtained the marriage
license in Los Angeles yesterday. Chaf
fee cave his* age as* 21 years, bxi ac
cording to his brother, A. L. ( Chaffee,
general manager of the Chaffee Dry
Goods Company, the young man will
not reach his maturity until next Sep
tember. Miss Bounds is just past 18.
The courtship has covered many
months. About a year ago they de
sired to marry and the mother and
guardian refused consent. For tb.e
past six months Chaffee has been em
ployed as an apprentice engineer under
his brother, L. W. : Chaffee. by the
Sherman jPower Company.
Two weeks ago he ivisited his sweet
heart. He proposed fmarriage and she
consented to marry within a month. The
families again objected. Then the
elopement was planked. ' Miss Bounds
obtained a three days' vacation from
her employer, Aviila, a candy manu
facturer. She told her mother that she
was going to visit her sister, Mrs. L.
W. Chaffee. at Sherman.
To Miss Thompson the young woman
told her troubles. The groom, she said,
would meet her at the train In Los An
geles. The license yould be secured.
Then they would bq; married. Mr. and
Mrs. Leslie Kline were to be the wit
nesses. ?
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ST. JOSEPH. Mo., Jan. 17. — The
Republican editors of Missouri in con
vention here adopted the following
resolutions:
Resolved, ' That the president of this associa
tion be instructed to telegraph President Roose
velt it.? congratulations on his . patriotic and
consistent attitude with regard to the recogni
tion of the republic of Panama and to Inform
him that the Republican press of Missouri is a>
unit for his renominaticn at Chicago next June.
Republican Newspaper Men of. Mls
&%'i souii Praise Ills Policy.
EDITORS IXDOKSE ROOSEVELT.
Senator Platt, who returned from
Aiken, S. C, to-day, saj r 3 the New
York delegates will be instructed for
Mr. Roosevelt. Senator Quay, when
asked about the report, said he had
heard nothing about it.
At the same time well known Penn
sylvanians who'are in the confidence of"
the leaders say it is a fact that the-
Keystone State machine is not irrevoc
ably committed to Roosevelt, and that
if it should become clear in June that
the President ; was not available the
delegates would be free to choose some
other candidate. This is taken to mean
that the delegates will be free to follow
their inclinations. If Pennsylvania
should fail to Instruct it would be
taken as evidence that the persons
who have been struggling with Quay
to prevent him espousing the cause of
the President had made considerable
headway. '^. ', ¦
The President's opponents declare
that if New York also should fall to in
struct it would be the end of the Roose
velt boom and the President's name
might not be presented to the conven
tion.
NEW YORK, Jan. 17.— From a Dem
ocrat high in the councils of Tammany
comes an emphatic statement that
Leader Charles F. Murphy is bendi:.^
all his energies toward sending from
New York State a solid delegation for
Mayor George .B. McCjellan for the
Presidential nomination at St. Louis.
While Judge Alton B. Parker had quite
a boom at the meeting of the Demo
cratic National Committee a week ago,
it is said on good authority that Tam
many is not only opposing him now,
but will continue to C:ny that he is
the "favorite son" of New York.
D. J. Campau o* Michigan, Thomas
Taggert of Indiana and Urey Woodson
of Kentucky, all members of the na
tional committee, left New York for
their homes two days ago fully con
vinced that Charles F. Jlarphy would
announce Mayor George ' B. McCIellan
as his personal choice for President at
an early date.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 17.— That
schemes are working to prevent the
New York and Pennsylvania Republi
can conventions instructing for Presi
dent Roosevelt is the story heard here
by anti-Roosevelt Republicans It is
reported by Senators and Representa
tives of other States as reliable infor
mation, but no one can trace it to its
source. So persistently is the rumor
circulated that it has come to be be
lieved that strong efforts will be made
in both conventions to prevent instruc
tions.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The young woman in the case . Is
Miss Fannie Flynn. For several
years Hanson and the girl were close
friends. At one time it was generally
believed that they were engaged. This
was subsequently denied by both. At
last Hanson began to show attentions
to another girl of Manti. He ceased'
to call at the home of his former
friend and was . seen frequently in
company with his new love, to whom,
he declared, he was devotedly at
tached.
Miss Flynn did not take kindly to
the change. She was heard to re
mark that she "would get even." She
did in a. way that all but wrecked the
life of the object of, her vengeance.
Last summer the populace of Manti
was astounded by the arrest of young
Hanson on a" felony charge. His ar
rest was caused by Miss Flynn. It
was claimed by the prosecution that
at the time of the commission of the
alleged crime Miss Flynn was under
age.
Hanson was convicted and sen
tenced to one year' in the penitentiary.
A short time ago the young woman,
who had in the meantime married,
repented and told the father of the
young man her story. She acknowl
edged that jealousy had caused her to
resort to the methods she used to sep
arate him from his new sweetheart.
Steps were at once taken to pro
cure the release of young Hanson.
The case was brought to the attention
of the Board of Pardons, with the re
sult that the young man was promptly
released and restored to citizenship.
SALT LAKE. Utah. Jan. 17.—Con
signed to the penitentiary .through the
jealousy of a former sweetheart, E.
A. Hanson of Manti has just been re
leased because the young woman re
sponsible for his incarceration re
pented and acknowledged her motive.
The State Board of Pardons has
granted Hanson a full and complete
pardon. He had • been incarcerated
since last September and was under
a sentence of one year.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Minister Powell, finding that the Gov
ernment was unable to protect the tug
Anna, which is owned by Americans,
while entering San Isidro, requested the
commander of the United States gun
boat Newport to guard her. The revo
lutionists threatened to capture the
Anna and a strong guard left the New
port to protect her and other vessels
obliged to pass the waters in
that section of the country. A large
force of revolutionists is stationed at
San Isidro and Commander Motz goes
there prepared for all emergencies.
Minister Powell, learning of the inci
dent, promptly went to the palace and
demanded that the letters taken from
the agent be delivered to him. This
President Morales refused to do, but
Minister Powell persisted in his de
mand, saying that the Government had
no right to take such action and that
the President must hand the letters to
him. which President Morales reluct
antly did. Minister Powell also told
President Morales that the agent was
entitled to his protection, as he repre
sented an American company, and that
he < Minister Powell) would not consent
to this arbitrary act on the part of the
Government. Furthermore, the agent
could not be expelled, as wa3 threat
ened. Finally the case was satisfac
torily settled.
MARINES GUARD A TUG.
An incident which came near having
serious results but for the coolness and
prompt intervention of United States
Minister Ptrwell took place here on the
arrival of the Clyde Line steamship
New York. President Morales de
manded that the shipping agent sur
render the ship's letters and when the
agent refused to comply his arrest was
ordered. In order to avoid being ar
rested the agent went aboard the New
York carrying the letters with him.
He then sent for Consul Maxwell, who
accompanied him to the palace, where
President Morales renewed his demands
and compelled the agent to give up
several letters.
CAPE HATTIEN, Jan. 17.— The Gov
ernment troops which disembarked re
cently at Sossua were yesterday or
dered to march on Puerto Plata, A
brisk attack, supported by the guns of
a Dominican war vessel, began in the
evening. This morning operations
were resumed and the Government
troops entered Puerto Plata, causing
the flight of General Deschamps.' who
took refuge at the United States con
sulate.
The British cruiser Pallas has landed
merines to protect the consulate. The
United States cruiser Hartford has ar
rived.
SAN DOMINGO, Jan. 15.— The United
States cruiser Columbia arrived here
to-day. Minister of Foreign Affairs
Sanchez left this afternoon for Wash
ington, via Porto Rico, with the object
of soliciting the recognition by the
United States of the Dominican Gov
ernment and the exequateur of a new
consul eenjeral at New York.
This morninfr the insurgents fired
shells into the city and it is said that
a woman and a child were injured. The
German steamer Holstein arrived at
San Pedra de Macoris with the exiled
Generals Fobles and Martinez aboard
and the generals were brought to this
city on the warship Presidente. It
has been intimated to the German con
sul that the generals v. ill be re
expelled.
POWKLL SHOWS FIRMNESS.
Youth's Brother Says He Is Not of
Age, but His Relatives Stand
Ready to Forgive Him.
Utah Board of Pardons Opens Peniten
tiary Gatss to Youth Incarcer
ated Without Cause.
ment of the Capital of the
Republic.
Revolutionists Continue the Bombard-
Attempting to Blockade the Movement
in Support of Judge Parker's
Candidacy.
Chester C. Chaflee and Miss
Dolly Bounds Marry in
Los Angeles.
Government Troops Are Now
in Full Possession of
the Port.
Accused Him Falsely to Pre
vent His Marriage to ,
Another Girl.
Leader Hopes to Send, a
* Solid Delegation From
New York' State.
Society at Ventura
Startled by a
Wedding.
AflmitsTliatSliePer
jured Herself in
Complaint
TammanyMayorMay
Head Democratic
11CK6L
Land anfi Sea Attack
on Puerto Plata
Successful,
DOMINICAN
CITY TAKEN
IN BATTLE
MCCLELLAN
THE CHOICE
OF MURPHY
ELOPERS
LAUGH AT
PROTEST
REPENTANT
MISS FREES
A CONVICT
THE SAN FRANCISCO: CALU MONDAY, JANUARY 18, 1904.
12
ADVEBTISEMENTS. '
- - OF ' -
SPECIAL VALUES
Two cases Extra Size WHITE BED SPREADS, hemmel
readu for use..... $1.25 Bach
Ten cases Full Size BED COMFORTERS, pplnted SUk-
ollne covering with SnowflaKe filling.. $1.25 Each
Three cases ALL-WOOL WHITE BLANKETS, size suit-
able-Tor three-auarter. beds • .$3.75 Bach
One case LACE CURTAINS in White, Ecru, Arabian,
Renaissance and Madras; all new designs —
$3.00 Pair
One case BLEACHED DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS, sizes
8-4, 8-10 and 8-12; prices .:.'.
iY. $2.5O, 83.5O and S4.OO Each
, These we have NapKlns to match each design,
One hunlrei dozen Hemmed HUCK TOWELS, full size
and warranted Pure Linen — $2.00 Dozen
One hundred and flftu dozen Extra Size Hemmed and
Hemstitched LINEN HUCK TOWELS, assorted
borders. ,.$3.00 Dozen
One case BLEACHED DOUBLE DAMASK NAPKINS, full
dinner size $2.50 Dozen
Two hundred dozen BLEACHED SATIN DAMASK
" NAPKINS, extra larue size and about 12 different
designs ,• • $3.50 Dozen
We will also have on sale this weeK our first shipment
of 36-INCH PRINTED PERCALES and a large assort-
ment Of NEW JAPANESE WASH CREPES.
lVT/^V'TC^ Orders by mall receive prompt attention.
l^J V-J' 1 ds Ail orders for samples or goods filled
¦— - and shipped same day they are received.
1 — — — ' . •
111, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BQWEN
&CQ
Sad irons — Mrs. Potts 95c
Nickel plated set of 3 piece*— reeTy $1^5
Mayonnaise mixer— feg*ry$i.5O $1.10
Christy — 3 machines in one —
Will whip cream— beat eggs to perfection
Suvio gas heater 85c
Door mats — cocoa — best made
Spedal $ SSjl 05 1 25|l 70{2 10J2 55JJ OS
Reg'ly 1 00J1 25 1 50|2 00|2 So|j oo'j SO
Toilet paper — Cosmos 4 for 50c
Best quality — large sheets $1 .40
reg'ly 51-85 dozen
Tooth powder — listeiated 20c
Best tooth preservative — reg'ly 25c bot
Soap — Carmel 50c
Made of pure olive oil —
reg'ly 60c box of 6 cakes
Smelling salts — lavender 25c
Crown — reg'ly JOc — SOcbottlo 40c
Listerine — Lambert 65c
Liquor Department
Claret— V. Zinfandel 40c
Pure red table wine — reg'ly 50c gallon
Whisky— G. B. & Co. $1
Hermitage rye—Old Crow' bourboo - 4
reg'ly $1.25 bottle— 55 gallon
Moselle wine i &*<& $3. 75
Vista del Vaile 2 dcupts 4.50
reg'ly $5 — $0 case
Cognac— S.O. 75c
French brandy— reg'h/ $1 bot— $4 gal $3
Automobile baskets arrived —
The latest English tea baskets
equipped complete
Catalogue free
432 PINE 232 SUTTER
2829 California San Franotaoo
13th and Clay Streets Oakland
y\ Eyeglasses /jj
Q Spectacles Lj
\A/. X. HESS,
Votary Public and Attorn ey-»t-I*w.
Tenth Floor. Room 1013. CUus Spracktla bldr.
Telephone Main 083.
Residence. 821 California »l. below Powell.
R«mld«nc« T«I«phon« J»'m«» 1301.
1 I J% 1 Ammunition. Huatlnc «nd
I ¦ I I » I V Sporting Goods, ilrrest
I "a 3 § w X ; tocIt - V 5 **" prtce *-
VVliy SHREVE & BARBIR CO..
T38 Market et. and KU .
Ke*ray tx. _j
To Cure Grip in Two Days.
Ljucative Bnmo Quinine removes the cause.
To get the renulne call for the full name. 23c. •
GOLDBERG
BQWEN
& CQa
We buy from those who sell
the best goods for the lowest
price — Do you?
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Eggs — fresh ones doz 30c
Same kind last week 35c
Mandarin Nectar \_. .-
Bee Brand Ceylon J lea V^
Popular for years — reg'ly 60c Ib
Hawaiian Beauty Coffee n> 30c
Finest Kona coffee groyn — 3 years old '¦' I {
Cocoanut — Schepp's 25c j
For pies— puddings— 2 lbs 45c
macaroons — cookies —
reg'ly 30c Ib
Shrimps — Barataria 2 cans 25c
A ready lunch — delicious for salad
Pin money pickles 35c
Likeapreserve-reg'ly40cpJnt — 2 bots 65c
Figs— imported 15c
Choice Smyrna layers — reg'ly 20c Ib
Kippered herring • 20c
Moir's— Scotch— reg'ly 25c can
Ferris bacon is the best
Prunes — California, 5 lbs 25c
i Wholesome for breakfast —
reg'ly 3 lbs 25c
Salmon— reg'ly 12#c can— 10c
Selected quality — dainty, fish food
Mackerel— is ib wt xxx— $2.20
Breakfast delicacy— reg'ly $2.50
"Pimientos morrones 20c
Spanish red peppers — reg'ly 25c can
Ripe Olives— reg'ly 3Qcqt 30c
Rich In oil— extra fine lot
Todd's famous hams
Candy— reg'ly 25c Ib 15c
Peanut molasses — fresh — good
i — — — — ,
gTIJDBBAKBR
tfeos; Company
We are again in our build-
ing at
Market and 10th Streets
! with a ' clean, up - to - date
I stock of vehicles.
BA3J WATT'S 2EADY XEUHY has stood
unrivaled before .the public for 5o years a» a
Pain Remedy. It Instantly relieves and quickly
cures. all Colds. Sore Throats, Influenza, Bron-
chitis. Pneumonia. Rheumatism. Neuralgia.
' Headache. Toothache and all pain. Internally
tor Malaria and all Bowel Pain. All druggist*-
ADVEBTISEMENTS. .
H Brand . m
II Evaporated W
II Cream m
j\ because it f s most concentrated; eft
fata because richest in cream; Ipa
fa because most skillfully jE|i
flaw Its purify is guaranteed En
I ¦>! under forfeit cf $5,CO0 to J$3
O snyene able to prove BagS
/JBfM any adulteration in our jga|&
Coughs
Sore Throat
Bronchitis
Positively cured with Dr. Hal-
pruner's Wonderful Medicine,
or your money returned. Price,
50c. and $1.00 per bottle. For
sale by all dealers and at office
of Kalpruner Medical Mfg. Co.,
28 California St., S. F., sent by |
mail or express. People cured \
free of charge from 1 to 4 p. m.
i^lNFANTS^ INVALID?^
Puny babies become strong
and robust babies when fed
on Mellin's Food. Mcllin's
Food gives strength.
You will be glad that you tent for a sample
cf MeUin's Food when you see how eagerly
baby takes it.
MELLIN'S FOOD CO.. BOSTON, MASS.
|roui^ptab|
f 15CENTS.2FOR25CENTS 1
. j CLUrTT. PEABOOY 4 CO. S
I makers c£ Cluett and Mcaarcfc Shirta 5 j
— , _ •
A. STEVT DISCOVEBT. i
GERMAN EYEGLASS CLKANERS.
Irdispenw»ble to j;>*-Klas»i ami Spec-tad*? .
mpftrcT?. When this cli-amr is used thtre will ;
be NO MORI; blurring nor c-Joudy vision. This ;
clf-sner rives th' glasses a brilliant i*di*h and :
J>rev«»r;>- th.-ni from ;r;-ulntc mnlft and grrasy.
J*rlee 10c oacli. T><h- per dozen. $4 50 per gross. !
GrmiAN EYE WATER.
The Krfraittt eye i«in«<3y in tht- world. Trice :
POo. by mail <2r, *4 i*-r down. $40 per Kross. '
*J#orcc Maycrle'F <; la *»••-* R.-st. and Strengthen j
OEOSGE hayzkii:. German Expert
Optician,
1071 M»rk*t *t.. F»n Francisco, near Sereatb:
KTKS EXAMINKH FREE. O!aF5es by Kx- i
rr«>ps on Trial IWore I'ayinjs '¦halites.
MKtmxEwmm
j>dB&&k*M MENANDWQMEK.
<!^^2)^tUSEiO*W-| Trc Bif Oforunnatnrai
jSjjfff i« 1 te * <i?*-Vl diiiciiarKeB.inflarjmutioni.
£a£t9 Os»r«nt«i vJ irritktiooi or ulcciaticai
fc6| r.«l to «trietcr«. of rauCOUJ ni»Ribian«».
P* < fr.wtu rKUi-*. r»;n>ei, «nd cot amis-
y?»yHtETtK5CHE.MIC<.LC0. c»nt or poiKonom
VgfAClKaRRATI.OBaa Scld by BrncffUU,
*"? 'xpre". rr'r»id. lor
V^MK»»^ SI JO0. or 3 bottles $2.76.
"* CircuU«-iect ca ncueit
y^^W Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
Ax«3T>M HEABXY HT. E»tab!isbed
jSGfuIp^xAiti 1^54 for the Ireatai^nt <l I'rivate
?5*_JJi. 22? I>is««Mf«. Jx.xt Mjmlioort. DeWlity or
l^aS-tS^fcrtts^aR" wr.-iri:ip<ii! hody ami iummI anil
OtSEGS QHSkJn Discnnes. The Doctorrtiren when
ntli^rs fail. Try him. « 'hinges low.
caaranlrcd. Cull or write.
' Dr.' JT. r. (VI tSllOX. Kan rraut-Isco, Cat.
DIREGTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Lists Mailei
on Application.
7BESH ASS ' SALT HE ATS.
JA3. DUIL3 U WU. • ciar. Tel. Mala I2&4.
OILS.
L.UBR1CATINO OILS; LEONARD * ELLIS.
41S Front St.. S. F. Phone Main 1719.
FKIKTING. ¦
EC. BUSHES. m-affgrg-ar.-
WEEKLY CALL, $1.00 PEE YEAB.
I! r THE-— — ¦•¦
j Smith Premier Typewriter
I Company
p We have purchased the business of Messrs. . Durphv & Dicker-
P man, and hereafter will maintain our own branches on. the Pa-
H cihc Coast. at
fS SAN FRANCISCO, 105 Montgomery St
« SEATTLE - ¦ - 1210 Second Ave.
PORTLAND - - 247 Stark St. ,
ij LOS ANGELES - J 33 South Broadway
t| .SPOKANE - - - 909 Riverside Ave. "
g BUTTE - : - - 27 East Granite St.
|j NOTE— We have iust completed, and. moved into the largest and:
0 most thoroughly equipped typewriter factory in the v*orld. '
I? The; wheels started on Monday, January 4. and we shall turn-.
h out 200 Smith Premiers— the World's Best Typewriter— every
it working dav.
t§ We respectfullv'eolicit your patronage.
I THE SMITH PREMIER TYPEWRITER COMPANY.
1^ E; N- BARTLET, District Manager.