Continued on Page 2, Column S.
Continued on Page 5, Column 1.
COLUMBUS, i Ohio,- Jan-"^ 12.— Former
Governor, Bushnell's condition continues
extremely - critical. -
Bu«hneU*s Condition Critical.
SUPERIOR, Wis., Jan. 12.-— A. run
•was started on the savings depart
ment : of , the First National Bank ; to
day and this afternoon the line of de
positors extended out into, the street
A' notice was issued by the bank of
ficials stating that the . bank - will ' re
main open to-night untir the. last per
son in the ' line has been paid.
Run on Superior Bank.
i^WA SHINGTOXV'^ Jan- - ;1l 2.-^16
charge fof 'disorderly, conduct ' 'f against
"Jbnab.1 K/Kalaiif anoale' (Prihce" Cupid )
r~th-e' Hawaiian delegate to ', Corigress^—
wasXn*oile : prossed ' in ? thel Police ; Court
"and i declined Ho * furnish > collateral Ton
the ; ground .that- he itvas immune: from'
arrest, and was locked In a station cell
.allnightr* ! " i
Not* Pressed.
Charge of Disorderly; Conduct
" :Hai^ton'iMe^te^Coiignr^7lS'\ *<
CASE.. AGAINST .."PRINCE ; . -
;" : ;i :
Bond Issue Proposal Accented.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 12— The War
Department to-day accepted the pro
posal of Harvey Fiske & Sons of .New
York, representing Fiske &? Robin
son and the National City, Bank, of
New York, for the entire $7,000,000
bond issue of the Philippine Govern
ment on account of the purchase of
the friar lands at $107,577.
Riverside Supervisor Is Indicted.
'RIVERSIDE. Jan. 12.— Supervisor C
TV. Craven was indicted by the "grand
Jury to-day on the charge of erabez
zlementl It is alleged that he retained
a commission on lumber purchased by
the county and converted the same to
his own use. The amount of the al
leged embezzlement is $125. Craven, was
arrested to-night and furnished bail in
the cum of $2000. *
' "The publication in various quarters'
of ,. news ' indicating that the - Govern
ment Is T preparing to ; send ' troops "to'
the isthmus ; to carry on • military; ope
rations against * Colombia i has' been* the
source of consid*erable annoyance,to "the
executive' and) to- thevWar ¦ Department. 4
No state^ofvwar exists between the^two
countries :j" no ¦ inauguration * of ? hostili
ties is r contemplated : by; this • Govern
ment; > no '. preparations • for war, are - be
inff > made.-; '-» It Is i not \. believed > by the
President, i nor by/.thel-; Secretary" of
State." that ; any .occasion \lor^ the 2em
ployment troops on * the • isthmus ' is
likely : to Varisc^They.' .have /..used s their]
utmost eflfprts .- to . ./ convlnce^>General
Reyes and \the j Bogqt&^Goyeram&nt jot
the friendly^ intentions iof|fhiii-VGoverh
merit .toward I Col6mbia,Yand>*of i th'eir
readiness vta use '.their ' good' offices >; In
the 'jsettlenwnt « of ; any, questions in dis
puted between* Colombia and Panama. •
" "It if ? difficult';- for -them ; to | believe'
that ; the r authorities iinl Bogota^cah . be"
nop- blinded ; by ,". passion and prejudice
WASHINGTON, Jan. 12.— Shortly
after the Cabinet meeting to-day Sec
retary Root issued the following state
ment regarding, the isthmian policy "of
the administration:
Friendly to Colombia.
Secretary « f War Government Is
ROOT ; URGES: CONCILIATION.
Fleeing : before the posse the Italians
waded' into Van arm, of »the Columbia
River ? to a small 4 island. Here, when
they .saw that' : they were surrounded
by>I overwhelming numbera, i . with . no
chance of ' escape, .they attempted bat
tle, but were soon' made prisoners."
IRRIGONV Or. Jan. 12. — Surround
ed'on an island by a posse of twenty
armed . men, three Italians, ivho had
dared to rob in open daylight and then
return :to~ town for dinner, were cap
tured .to-day. ; On. their persons were
evidences of many robberies. Each
Italian- wore' five separate . suits of
clothes v and one had five, drafts,
amounting in all to 5550. Ten wa.tches,
a .quantity .of .Jewelry and a number of
weapons were -found. upon them!
' This mofnins five men, including the
threes Italians, were ; sidetracked here
while , beating, their, way over the rail
road.' Soon after Reginald Horbern of
Boise; Idaho, ¦ was metf by . the Italians
and coolly robbed of $25 and a gold
watch.".-. \- ¦-:,'." .'•
-s Horbern returned . to .town and told
his story.' .'While -.the posse was form
ing the Italians appeared to get din
ner.; Hearing;- that they were being
sought.- they,. made for. the -outskirts.
The; posse followed them at some lit
tler-distance out ; of. respect to the shot
gun ; which one carried. . " ,;.>,"
Epecial Dispatch to The Call.
. :_¦- aSbare. 1 ' ~ -
XE"VV YORK/-Jan. 12.— The United
States^ Steel Corporatlon*has;*ext^nded
its 'profit-sharing plan 'and invites sub-.
Bcrlptions ; to* the „ ortf erred f stock from
employes 1 at ;S55; per share;: Instead of
the. original' price of S3 50.: V.-, :.,:.'
'.The ; following 1 statement ;was;; made
to-day by Treasurer Trim
blef,-.; ¦'• :.: : ;;;.^'.;\;--,,' .: \ \-".--'\y-;\^
¦-J VThe plan f adopted /, December.; 31;
1902^19, still ,in foVce and- employes 1 ; are
subscribinfir.f or j the second; year on: the
basis • of: the * first 1 year,' except- that' the
price;;- fixed ,J-t or > the. , second ¦: year , ' i3
$55 per share.". I- - -
; 4 Another^ prominent * official of ,' -the
company ¦makes thjs/statement: that it
'was S regard e-3 * as (a 4 matter^ of justice
to ipermit\employes ; to J subscribe ' . ;to
this I stock -fat*; the v prevailing market
price. .-';¦ : . ; ¦-•-¦•;¦'/.--; ;^ : - ¦'.<;¦ ¦¦¦-'. ¦;'";:
United StecrCorportition- Re
duces Rates From'$82-50 to $55 .' :
PREFERRED STbCK.jAT-' : » '?*
LOW 'RATE5TO 'EMPLOYES
Rogers Cornered" on
-Island in tHe
•Columbia.
, WASHINGTON, Jan. .12.— The -Per
sian-' Government*- has* recognized 'the
independence'; of the : republic of Tan
ama. •'•" r7 . ? -«--' .¦•"'-.• -¦'¦/ • ." "•• ¦¦
*- ¦" -Persia Recognizes -Panama.
ST. PETERSBURG, Jan. 12.—
From a very highly placed gen
eral I am enabled to tell you that
communications of the • highest
importance are now passing con
stantly over the wires between
Admiral AJexieff and the Empe
ror. On' these much depends.
The monarch, while extremely
desirous of peace, is equally firm
concerning Russia's prestige, and
he trusts, now that matters are so
far advanced and • are ' in such a
critical phase, entirely to the. good
judgment- of the viceroy as to
what.is necessary r to be done. My
informant, the , general, a con
firmed friend of peace, says:
"There may/ still be hopes of
peace left, but I fear^the. political
atmosphere is charged with elec
tricity and the .storm may break
at any moment. One thing I can
tell you is that the general staff is
most fully prepared 'for an out
break of. war. All our,arrange
ments are, perfect up- to the last
item. All we have got to do now
is to press a button and the whole
machinery will start working!"
*A colonel of the -War Office
staff who knows Man'churia and
China well said this. afternoon :
"Mark my words, 7 Japan, will
never fight us. She "is 'merely bar
tering to make . the best ; bargain
and, get most out of us and she
will make terms. . \ '
"But /please. tell, me what has
the United States against -us? A
t?P*<-<a] Cablegram to The Call arvi New York
Herald, n'opyrijcht, l'tfrt, by th- New YorK
Herald f'ublishlng Company.
The chute in the W. P. H. is in
proximity to the wonderful find made
eome years ago in Damon ground. That
is now in controversy in the courts
with the Jerry Johnson Company. It
is likely that within a very small area
there will be opened up with depth
fortunes so great that Croesus could
not measure them. The United Mines
Company is controlled by the Woods
brothers, who have had their entire
holdings in court for sixty, days. The
strike will pnt the proajo'ters. who have
been at the head and front of many
promotions, on their feet again. Their
main standby, the Go;d Coin, over
which is erected the finest shaft house
in the world, is once more coming into
•S. bonanza. Water Is going: down In
the shaft and values at a depth are so
great that gold miners are appalled at
the assays.
CRIPPLE CREEK, Colo.. Jan. 12.— A
Btrike of ore almost two feet wide and
cf fabulous richness has been opened
within the last few days in one of the
properties owned by the United Mines
Company that !s under I»*ase to com
petent miners that thoroughly under
stand its worth. An idea of the value
of the rock in the rich streak can be3t
be stated wh*n It is positively known
that picked specimens are 'worth bet
ter than $100,000 per ton, but it is most
likely that the two feet of ore exposed
v.ill average from $5000 to $15,000 a ton.
Armed guards surround the property
and even while two men are breaking
very rich ore a guard is over them.
Xews of the wonderful find is creat
ing a furor over the district. The
strike has '"leaked out a little" and
wires are hot from mining men all over
the country asking for direct and pos
itive information.
Special £H«pa.teh to -The Call
The grand jury has been in session
for several weeks and rumors have
been in circulation during the past
week to the effect that the Supervisors
were under investigation and that some
startling facts had been brought to
light. Nothing definite was made
known, however, till the report was
given out to-day.
Burleigh is specifically charged with
having hired men at low wages to do
road work and j then sent in fictitious
bills to the county, pocketing whatever
might he. left after the wages . were
paid. The indictments against Jaggers,
Imperatrice and Thompson were
brought because of their alleged com
plicity in. the transaction. The charge
is made also that Burleigh used county
employes to chop down trees on a coun
ty road and convert it into cbrdwood
for his private use.
i'RESNO, Jan. 12.— The grand jury,
to-day filed the most* sensational report
ever presented by a grand jury in this
county. Supervisor Burlei^h is accused
of. malfeasance in office and is asked to
show cause why he should not be re
moved from office. A. .aggers, the
roadmaster in Burlelph's district, was
indicted for misappropriation of pub
1L- funds. D. Imperatrice and J.
Thompson, also employes in Uurleigh's
district, were indicted on similar
charges.
ARMED MEN
HUNT DOWN
CRIMINALS
Conflict Likely to Begin
at Any Moment, Savs
an Officer.
Accuses: Official in
Fresno County of
Malfeasance.
Extraordinary Strike
Reported at Mp
pleCreet I
Evidence of a most damaging nature
was secured yesterday by Chief of Po
lice Wittraan and Detective Tom Gib
son against Leon S. Soedcr. the cook
that is suspected of having lured his
brother-in-law, Joseph* Blaise, from his
home in Germany and murdering him
in 'a m6st cold-blooded manner last
Sunday night at the foot of Russian
Hill. ../. :
The most important .facts brought to
light yelsterda'y" against Soeder were
those " of* his record as an ex-convict;
his connection with an attempt to coun
terfeit geld coins; cleaning of the suit
of clothes he wore last Sunday; pawn
ing of a revolver which he denied own
ing, and a final admission that be had
been married twice and that his first
wife had disappeared.
Chief o'f Police Wittman feels cer
tain that Soeder is guilty of murder
ing Blaise for the purpose of securing
the .insurance carried on the life o*
the murdered man. and the facts
brought to light yesterday are looked
upon as most important links in the
chain oC evidence that the police de
partment is now weaving around the
man under arrest.
Soeder admits that he went to Eu
rope and induced his brother-in-law to
come to thia country and try his for
tune; he also admits that he insured
Blaise's life in his own favor, bat hi*
admissions end there.
GrVEN "SWEATING" PROCESS.
Soeder denies that he killed Blaise,
and whatever damaging evidence tho
police have so far secured against the
suspect bas been wrung from him by
the most searching examination.
Soeder was taken before .'Chief of
Police Wittman twice yesterday and
given* a severe questioning. -In police
parlance, the "sweating process" was
productive of good results.
After the first examination of Soeder
by Wittman and Detective Gibson.- the
suspected man fairly collapsed. He
was -seized with^a spell of vomiting
and when taken' back to bis cell in
the City Prison he was trembling in a
visible manner.
. The ' afternoon . "sweating . process"
had a similar result, and a confession
from Soeder that he Is guilty of mur
dering Blaise is looked for soon by the
police. PBW
Soeder says that he Is 37 years old
and that he came to. the United States
In the early eighties. On certain points
his memory is clear, but on others he
shows a deep cunning and will not re
member dates.
He says that he has worked as . a
JAPANESE OFFICIALS WHO
ARE ACTIVE IN NEGOTIA
TIONS V.'ITH RUSSIA.
GOLD ORE
ASTOUNDS
MINING MEN
LEON S. SOEDER, SUSPECTED MURDERER- OF -JOSEPH BLAISE.
'FROM TAKEN* AT THE TIME OF HIS ARREST
FOR BURGLARY IN" 1S3 «. AND SCENE IN CHIEFS OFFICE.
GRAND JURY
GOES AFTER
SUPERVISOR
NEW • YORK.' 'Jan^lS.— General - Ra
fael " Reyes,- fhe ; special' Colombian 'en
voy,' arrived in New York to-day from
Washington,' accompanied by^J. D. An
g^ilo.' General Reyes is. expected to sail
Saturday from this - port for Colombia,
but said to : day: that-he'did not,khow
positively when 1 he' would : depart. 1 -
Home Satimhiy.
Colombian .Envoy".2!(Jayr Return to His
REYES IN , NEW YORK.
as to.declare war against us; and, even
If this ruinous step should be taken by
Colombia, this Government • would be
in no haste torespond to'her'challenge.
The President, makes all; possible al
lowance for the natural excitement in
Bogota over a state of things. for r \vhich
the Colombian Government is alone re
sponsible and of which it was fully fore
warned. But they must sooner or later
recognize the irresistible force of ac
complished facts, and the sooner "this
is done the better for. all. parties. -We
have done them no wrong;- we, « would
like to be of service to them. '.If "they
are wise they will not put.it out-.of our
power to help them. by any act -of rash
ness and violence." _ '. '-' ¦.».""; v 'i
Gene ralReyes, prior to his departure
from Washington, in anMriterview with*
Secretary Hay; arranged j for, farther
consideration between: representatives
of the twq governments on the Pana-^
ma matter. . ; •-;'... - y;% . :'
There are no 'signs of a Colombian
army in the 'vicinity of Panama terri
tory on" the Pacific. The outlook is
apparently warlike.
A scouting party pf United States
marines 'has just left Colon on the
steamer Herald for. Nombr'e de Dios.
from which \ place » they will send a
small boat to Mandinga. with the "ob
ject of undertaking a .journey, lo the
Darien district,, toward Tiburon. This
expedition is likely to be absent for
two or three weeks and . on its. return
the naval authorities will have . the
fullest information' obtainable • regard
ins trails, etc. ,.. . ¦ .
• It is expected that. all warships
will leave' Colon to-morrow^ Tor* the
purpose of. making a. demonstration
along: the San^ Bias coast. ", The vessels
will land an attacking force the mo
ment information reaches them that
Colombian; troops have ; crossed Into
Panama territory.
MARINES ARE SCOUTING.
Colonel . VJllamil, who is now sta
tioned at Rio Mandjnga,- at the mouth
of San Bias Bay, in command of
a; hundred Panaman soldiers, in a re
port sent' in yesterday Raid he had no
need of more -troops. The colonel said
he had already sent out scouts as far
as Conception to the east and Culebra
to the west, who have confirmed the
belief that the mountain trails are so
difficult that it would be an easy mat
ter for the colonel's command : to stop
an army attempting to pass over them.
News has also been received 1 that
the Indian chief, Inanaquina, returned
yesterday to Cartagena to interview''
the Colombian officers regarding a re
quest made by them for 300 Indian
small boats to be used by the army at
Titumati in crossing the rivers..
COLON, Jan, 12.— United States
naval authorities here appear to be
convinced, from the tenor of the re
ports which are continually brought
in, that .Colombia is determined to
send v an nrmy to attack Panama.
The Pariaman authorities yester
day received . official confirmation of
the fact that the Colombian troops at
Titumati number at least 4000 meh7
under, the command of Generals Ortiz,
,Uribe-Uribe» 'Bustamente and Novo.
Th'ese troops are, well armed and sup
ilUfed^SLLth,jimmui^tton and .hav*. four
ee rtear^aunc^s^jtid i^ large
supply S of j cattle!. " f ;The : ; district is an
'• unproductlve'lone and .the" provisions
and other supplies ;.which 'the" troops
possess; have been- brought ; to r them
from .'.other, places. The" Government
learned these facts frqm 'a reliable In
formant at ; Titumati; who contrives to
|j»end news of .'events ..from., that dis
tance to Colon by means of signals and
trutsworthy messengers.
. ARMY. ASKS FOR BOATS.
United State - Marines Start Scouting
and Warships Will Make Demon
stration on- the Coast. .
THousands 61 Troops Are
Reportedfto Be^Very
Near Panama.
Officers of the Navy
atCoMExpt
COLOMBIA
IS READY
TO STRIKE
CZAR SPEEDS MOMENTOUS MESSAGES
TO THE VICEROY IN THE ORIENT AND
GENERALS AWAIT SIGNAL OF WAR
Suspect Is an Ex-Convict.
Has Clothes Cleaned
Day After Joseph
Blaise Meets
. His End.
Leon S. Soeder, arrested on suspicion of having foully murdered his brother-in-law, Joseph Blaise; last Sunday at Russian Hill, is an ex-convict, having served a term in San Quentin for burglary. The suspect was give a- rigid ex
amination by the police yesterday and most damaging evidence was secured against him. Soeder took the suit he wore last Sunday to a cleaning works early on Monday morning. He also pawned a revolver after the detectives had searched
his room. Under examination, Soeder admitted that he had been married twice and claims his first wife went to Europe and died. His second wife died under suspicious circumstances last year.
FACTS POINT TO SOEDER AS ASSASSIN
VOLUME XCV— NO. *44.
Teree&st made at Saa-Traa
dsco Tor thirty hours ****¦*¥ at
midnight, January 13: Jj
Sua Trandieo * and vicinity-—
Cloudy Wednesday; liffat north
cast winds cJrandar to south
east, a. a. air. apis.
District Pore caster.
The San Francisco Call.
• - -¦ - THE TBZATEM. -
Alcazar— "Tli« * Moth ' aad ti«
Flama." s
California— "A Trip to China
town."
Central— "Th« XoaiUatn."
riscHer'* — •-»• Bt*uty SHop." ,
Grand — "la Coni-lct Strip «*." '
Orphetxm — Vaudeville. Ktttiat*
to-day.
The Chutts— Vaudeville.
Tlvoll Q?«ra Houm — "¦"*«».
Johnny Coma* Marching
Horns."
Columbia — "Mrs. »eertax*» 91-
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 13, 1904.Differences Probably Will Be Settled
The existing difficulties between the
Stablemen's Union^ and the Carriage
Owners' Association are not yet ad-
Justed. The . men etill hold out for
their original demands" and their em
ployers refuse to budge." The matter
will be decided by the Labor Council
within the next few days and it is ex
pected that both sides will be satis
fied. .
Agent Hagerty of the Machinists*
Union says the organization is in a
flourishing condition financially. The
union now' has a membership of 1512.
' The nVembers of the Salesladies' and
Milliners' unions will give a leap year
party in Social Hall, Alcazar build
ing, on Thursday night.
Popular Saloon Mnn Dies.
Charles W. Harris died yesterday, at
the residence of his brother, Ben D.-
Harris, 1513 Larkin street, f The de
ceased was the proprietor ¦¦ of the Tem
ple Bar on the corner* of Sutter street
and Grant avenue. ' He was well
known in San Francisco and ' very
popular and enjoyed the friendship* of
a large circle "of . acquaintances. - His
father, the late George .W. -Harris, was
an old Calif ornian and for many years
prominently identified with the whole
sale ; liquor business.
STABLEMEN STILL AT
OUTS V.TTH EMPLOYERS
LOS ANGELES BUSINESS
MEN DUPED BY FORGER
Clever Swindler Robs Them or Several
Hundred - Dollars by Means of !
'" . > . WortbJess Checks.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 12.— An un
known forger Is richer to the amount
of several hundred dollars by reason of
three hours' operations • with forged
checks this- afternoon. During, that
time he ,.assed a dozen or more checks
bearing -what purported to be % the sig
nature of Carl 'Leonardt, . a wealthy
cement contractor. The checks ranged
from 520 to.$50 ancf were passed upon
lumber dealers and other material men
with whom Leonardt is frequently as-"
sociated • in . large contracts. • He \ also
victimized two breweries, ; securing, $50
from each. many more checks he
passed is not known, * ut a sufficient
number, have been found to indicate
that the forger did a wholesale busi
ness. None of his victims knew him;
Religious Devotee Dead.
OAKLAND, Jan. 12. — Sister Flor
ence Benigna, in secular life Annie
Reilly, died last night at St. Joseph's
Convent, West Oakland, after, a short
period of -illness from pneumonia.
Sister Florence .was born forty-eight
years ago in- St. Louis. ' She came to
California and was appointed " Mother
Superior of the Convent of St. Joseph
when 'it was founded. Subsequently
the sister went to Monterey and as
sisted in -work among the Indians. Re
cently she returned and resumed
teaching at St. Joseph's Academy.
Funeral services will be held Thursday
morning, when a solemn high requiem
mass .will be celebrated at 8 o'clock at
St. Patrick's : Church. Interment will
take place In St. Mary's Cemetery.
HANDSOME BADGE GIVEN .
TO RETIRING PRESIDENT
Sons of American Revolution Hold
Annual Session, Hear Reports
• and Elect Officers.
The'ahnual meeting of the Sons of
the'*.' American Revolution was held
last;' evening at: the California Hotel..
The reports of . ; o,fflcerg were read. Ad
dressis upon .''the objects, of the soci
ety -w^ra. delivered j by . .Edward Mills
Adams and J. 1 A. Hosmer. A hand
some Ijadge* was presented to the re
tiring president,- Giles H. Gray, by
Alexaha>V G.' Eells on behalf of the
society with-appropriate remarks. A
motion was adopted to present a suit
able badge to the retiring treasurer,
C.;H. Warner,. as a token of apprecia
tion of his faithfuj performance of the
duties of his < office for the last ten
years. ** '
The following officers were elected:
Prsident, Colonel A. D. Cutler; senior
vice president, Alexander G. Eells;
junior vice president, Edward Mills
Adams; registrar, Colonel A. S.''Hub
bard; secretary, Edwin Bonnell; treas
urer. Colonel C. S. Scott; marshal, By
ron Mauzy; board of .managers, the
foregoing officers and Hon. George C.
Pardee, Dr. J. Mora Moss, Sheldon I.
Kellogg, Louis de F. Bar tlett, A. J.
Vlning and-J. A. Hosmer.
A resolution was • unanimously
adopted that the president be author
ized to tender the hospitality of the
California society to the national so
ciety for the holding of the sixteenth
national congress in San Francisco in
1905. '¦ '
Club Members Rc^-elect Present Of
ficers and Discuss the Question
of New Quarters.
The annual meeting of the Union
League Club, was held in the rooms
of the organization at the Palace Ho
tel last evening. After the transaction
of the routine business the members
of the club took up the question of
new quarters and the proposition of
moving to the Pacific Union Club's
present home.
The .matter was finally referred to
General George Stone, J. P. Fraser,
M. H. de Young, T. K. Kase and Frank
W. Marston, who will visit the Pacific
Union building and make a report -on
its adaptability for the purposes of
the club. The annual election result
ed in the re-election of all the old of
ficers. Seventy-six votes were cast
and were unanimous. The officers are
ras follows:
George H. Pippy, president; "-S. • J.
Hendy. first vice president: H. G. W.
TJHnkC'taplel. second vice president; J.
B. Fuller, secretary; I. W, Hellman
Jr., treasurer; C. H. Garoutte, F. E.
Beck, C. L. Field, E., E. Gates, John
Rothschild, E...D. Page, directors.
I-OWELL, Mas*.. Jan.- 12.— Fire "^rutted thr*a
business Mocks on Men"lmac-.Btr«Tt toi-nlght,
«»r.tsi!inf: a lore of $200,000. "'Five' firemen were
tr4urr d. . •. . : . . . : *, . ;
UNION* LEAGUE HOLDS .
ITS ANNUAL MEETING
George W. Wells, a brother of A.G.
Wells, general manager of the Santa
Fe 1 Railroad,, died in thiscity Monday^
evening after'an fllness extending over
several months. Deceased was widely
known in Chicago, where, for a number
of years, he was engaged in the broker
age business. • • •.
S Falling health prompted him to come
to the coast a few months ago and for
a time he was employed by the Santa
Fe Company at Richmond. About three
months ago Wells was forced to take
to his bed and for a time It was thought
he would die, but a trip to Southern
California restored his health to some
extent and he finally returned to Rich
mond.' He again began to decline. and
was compelled to enter a hospital. in
this city, where He passed away. ; •;
The remains of the unfortunate man
were placed * in a" vault at Cypress
Lawn Cemetery yesterday, by. his
brother.^ to await shfpment to Chicago,
where they will be eventually interred.
Wells was, 51 years old, a widower, and
is survived by two sons. .. ?
Talented Act^ss 111.
Mrs. Thomas Whiffen. ' a talented
member of "The Girl With the Green
Eyes" company, has been seriously
HI at the home of Mrs. F. S. Kellogg,
1609 Larkin 'street. ' H was statedMast
night by Mrs. Kellogg that Mrs. W^iif
fen was convalescing and soon would
be able to rejoin the 'company.
FAILS TO FIND
HEALTH SOUGHT
IN CALIFORNIA
will hold its monthly meeting on Fri
day evening, the, 1 5th inst., at Califor
nia Hall, 1015. Clay street, Oakland.
Colonel M. E/Blllings' of the Army of
the Potomap will deliver a lecture on
his "'Recollections of the Civil "War."
All Illinoisans are cordially invited to
be present. . •
owner. • The funeral will take place
Wednesday. \ . • . . .
VALLEJO. Jan. 12. — John McLaren
suffered a stroke of apoplexy last night
and ;died a few minutes after -being
stricken.; Deceased had been,employ
ed'for some time as toolkeeper in the
shipfl tters' shop j at Mare Island and,
was a; veteran of the Civil War. He
was a native of Glasgow, Scotland)
and was a member of the Fourth^
Rhode Island Regiment in the dv\\
War.
Death of a Civil Wnr Veteran.
¦ LOS ANGELES, Jan. 12. — The drought
which has continued throughout South
ern California for more* than three
months just at the season when under
normal conditions there is the most
plentiful supply of water, ia becojnlng
a serious matter to ranchers and par
ticularly to owners of livestock.
According^to a bulletin, just lssued s by
the. Weather- Bureau- this season has
been thus far the dryeat since the win
ter of 1863-64, when, according to* the
records, which .were ; tljen kept by indi
viduals, no rain featuring the" winter.
There is water for irrigation, much of
it from artesian sources, but.the, arte-'
sian plan has 'been lowered to such an
extent that many wells which have al
ways been ¦ flowing :' wells heretofore
must now be pumped. .
The expense to cattle owners is
enormous because there is no green
feed and the prices of dry feed are ac
cordingly high. In places the absence
of water is causing suffering among
the cattle. No rain has fallen here
since October 1. There have been
slight showers in places, but no gen
eral downpour of sufficient volume ,to
do any real 'good." Despite these un-r
favorable conditions the prospects are
most flattering for an excellent citrus
crop.
Green Feed Is Lacking and the Ab
sence of Water Is Causing Suf
" ferine .'Among' Cattle.
DROUGHT IN". SOUTHLAND
IS BECOMING SERIOUS
Prominent Divine Dead.
LONDON. "Jan. 12. — Lord Bray
brook Cthe Rev. Latimer Neville, rec
tor of Haydon, Cambridgeshire, since
1851 and master of Magdalen College,
Cambridgeshire, since 1853) is dead.
He was born in 1827. :
WASHINGTON, Jan. 12.— Sir Cheng,
the Chinese Minister here, called upon
Acting Secretary'of State Loomis late
this afternoon and "informed him that
he had received a cablegram from Pe
king stating that the Emperor had afr
fixed his seal to the Chinese-American
treaty and further that he had ac
ceded to the request of the American
Government through Minister "Conger
for the 'mmediate passage of ratifica
tions. Therefore, without awaiting
the arrival in Washington of the copy
of the -treaty from j Peking, the Min
ister and "Secretary Hay 'Will -within a
day or two sign a protocol equivalent
to the exchange of ratifications and,
the President's. proclamation being is
sued, f the: convention will go into- ef
fect^ immediately. The Minister's atf*
vices induced the State Department to
change the plan it had formed earlier,
in ; thfe "day 'to ..await the arrival of the
mail copy of the treaty. - '
CHINESE E3IPEROR
SIGNS THE TREATY
When the item in the bill . providing
for the expenses of the Civil Service
Commission was reached Hepburn
(R.) of Iowa took occasion to express
his opposition to the civil service sys
tem, as it now exists, and expressed
a desire to amend the bill by striking
out the paragraph providing for the
existence of 'the commission. Discus
sion of the civil services-was pending
when the House adjourned.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 12. — The
House to-day for more than five hours
considered the legislative, "executive
and judicial appropriation bill, . but
reached no conclusion «n it. A variety
of topics, including Panama and the
tariff, were, discussed during the
course- of the debate. Adams (R.) of
Pennsylvania, in referring to the din
ner recently given in New. York City,
at which Olney spoke, made refer
ence to the result of the recent New
York municipal contest as a victory
won by catering to those who desired
free license in rum and Immorality.
This statement was resented by Mr.
Fitzgerald (D.) of New York in a
vigorous speech. \
Hepbnrn of Iowa Asks House to Cut
Off Commission's Appropriation.
DISCUSSING CIVIL SERVICE.
NEW YORK.' Jan. 12.— The American
Irish Historical Society to-night elected
Police* Commissioner McAdoo presiding
general. Among. the vice, presidents is
James D. Phelan of California.
Irish Honor McAdoo and Phelan.
SALT LAKE, Utah, Jan. 12.— A
special f rom'Thompson Springs,. Utah,
says .that Town . Marshal , ' Joseph
Bohny last night shot "and instantly
killed A.'"A. Empy, , a saloon-keeper, at
Moab.Utah: Previously the men had
quarreled' over Botiny's J~ ordering q,
boy out' of Empy's saloon, Empy
striking the marshal with a pool ball.
Later the men met on the street' and
after,- a few words Bohny shot "Empy.
Bohny is under arrest.
MARSHAL TAKES LIFE
OF A SALOON-KEEPER
SANTA-ROSA, Jan. 12.— A mar
riage license was issued; this morning
to Coroner and Public Administrator
Frank L. Blackburn and Miss Caroline
T. r>.'-,Wllliams. both prominent .resi
dentsT of Petaluma." The bride-to-be is
h,eiress to'the'estate of her father,. the
late 'General: Williams,' U. . S. ' A., and
recently" returned from New York.
City. ¦¦. The' wedding will be solemnized
Thursday at 'the "'residence ; of the
bride'6 ;. mother," ' Mrs. M. \D. Goshen.
in'Petaiuma. Rev.' John : Partridge 'of
the Episcopal chuxcri will officiate.
Young . Heiress to Wed.
D ANFORTH' S Z BOOKS 1 ;
SirOW/NO RECORD- OF.
¦.'¦•;• .- v FORMER 3IARRJ&GE
v While "Soeder 'claims' to jhave-be.en
married In. this city to Elizabeth Nifs,
no' record; of the Iss.ua.nce c of a mar
riage licenstf' canlje found.. At the-.re-
! ques.t*of The Call,; Deputy-County^ Clerk
.Dahforth' (joehfed; liia tofflc^ last r nlght
iand/went' over v the 'records! ' A careful
index ot .marriage licenses., is; k,ept...but
neither the name, of Leon .Soeder,
'Elizabeth Nifs nor' L. S. Lekenhenlt,
Soeder's assumed name, appears.
. The inspection of i the ; records was
carried well back into the eighties, but
the "name of ; neither'- party ccruld be
found on the' bo"oks. r The police are
positive 3 that the ceremony actually
took . plaVe. but it is probable that,
owing to the perturbed condition of the
prisoner during the searching, j .crgss.
examination. he gave San Francisco as
the place where the marriage was per
formed; while it may have taken place
in some other county.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA, Jan. 12.— The death of Ho
mer H. Swaney, formerly cf Pittsburg,
in the steamer Clallam disaster has re
sulted m the appointment of a receiver
for the Pacific Steel Company, of which
Swaney was president. Swaney had
purchased and enlarged the Irondale
blast .furnace, near Port Townsend, be
sides securing control of a large area
of raw iron land In British Columbia.
He had organized a steel company to
build a complete open-hearth plant, to
gether with rolling mills. Two "weeks
ago he returned from New York and
Pittsburg, where he had been to secure
money for carrying out this project.
His death will delay operations, and
caused '\ the First National Bank of
Seattle, to whom the company owed
523,000, to apply for a receiver. M. J.
Carrigan, assistant to Swaney, was ap
pointed/ receiver.
Captain C. Wi.Thompson of Tacoma,
also lost in the Clallam wreck, waa
president of the Washington Co-opera
tive Mining Syndicate and the Monte-'
zuma Mining Company of this city,
which were together developing at
Fairfax one of the largest coal proper
ties in the State. Thompson was also
an officer and director of the Tacoma
Steel Company, which purposes build
ing at West Tacoma a large steel
¦plant similar to that projected by
Swaney at Port Townsend. Thomp
son's death will not necessarily affect
the operations of the Tacoma Steel
Company, though the coal mine which
his other companies were opening was
Intended to furnish coal and coke for
the steel plant when built.
Henry Bucey has been appointed
receiver of the Washington Co
operative and ilontezuma companies,
on application of Millionaire Hewitt,
to whom both are indebted. The coal
property is valued at $400,000. Out
side of this the companies have lia
bilities of $40,000 and available as
sets of $24,000. Hewitt estimates it
will cost S 125,000 to put the coal
mines on a paying basis.
A clever forger, who had .been
searched for by the Pinkerton Na
tional Detective Agency for more than
eighteen months, was arrested in this
city yesterday by H. D. Bailey, assist
ant superintendent of the local Pink
erton agency. Detective T. J. Bailey of
the Police Department and Sheriff G.
L. Shipman of Kalamazoo, Mich., in
a rooming-house on Polk street, be
tween Turk and Eddy, where he was
living with his wife. His name is Hol
brook T. Estill and he has* many
aliases. He was taken to the City
Prison and booked "en route to Kala
mazoo, Mich.," where he is wanted
for passing a forged draft for . $"50
drawn on the Wadena (Minn.) Bank
on the American House, Kalamazoo.
The Pinkerton agency had sent cir
culars all over the country asking for
Estill's arrest and offering a reward
of ?25 made by the Illinois State
Bankers' Association. In the circular
It was stated that Estill had defrauded
hotels throughout the United States
by persuading the proprietors to cash
or indorse worthless checks or drafts
ranging in sums of from 550 to 5100.
He used an assortment of bank drafts,
which he stole while in the employ
ment of the Foreman-Bassett-Hatch
Lithographing Company. Cleveland,
Ohio. He also used the latest improved
inking check perforator. He had a dif
ferent name at each place where he
passed one of his forged drafts. ,
PASSES DRAFT HERE.
Estill and his wife came to the city
more than a month ago and "stopped
] at the Oriental Hotel. On December
j 11 he passed a forged draft for $75 on
) the proprietor of that hotel and lm
¦ mediately left, going with his wife to
j the rooming-house on Polk street. The
J local Pinkerton agency was notified of
; the passing of the forged draft on the
j Oriental Hotel and Assistant Superln
j tendent Bailey was detailed on the
! case. He located Estill and for sev
j eral days had him under surveillance
! at the race track," where he parted
| with all of his coin. On Monday Estill
bet his last $6 and lost.- : • : > •
Sheriff Shipman of Kalamazoo, who
held a warrant for Estill's arrest, .was
! notified by. telegraph that Estill was
• here and he arrived in the city yester
: day morning. It was then decided to
arrest Estill before he had a. chan.ee.
i of passing another forged , draft, and
j departing for pastures new. . , ' . -, .
, MAY BE A BIGAMIST:
! The arresting officers took posses
sion of two dress suit cases,. -which
: were found in.,the .room occupie.d. by
| Estill and his wife. In them" were dif
¦ ferent rubber stamps used In his work
j of preparing the forged draft?, a check
j perforator and a large number of
J blank bank drafts, besides other pa
| pers. Three drafts were , filled In and
I one was indorsed, ready to be passed.
1. Estill is 46 years of age, of stout
-build and dresses in the latest fash
ion. It is said that his wife belongs to
a well-to-do family in Kalamazoo. She
was unaware of the source of her hus
band's income, believing that he was
engaged in a. legitimate business.
Sheriff,. Shipman .is authority for the
! statement that when Estill married
I her he had a wife and three children
{living and she is not yet aware of that
fact. The Sheriff. will take her home
I to her' parents.' ' „
Remains of Woman Who Gave
Him; Financial Assistance
Are Borne to Resting Place
The remains of "Mammy" Pleasant,
w ho died early Monday morning at the
home of Lyman M. Sherwood on Fil
bert street* will rest to-night under the
BoiJ of th<* little cemetery in the town
of Napa, to which her body was taken
this morning. One of the last requests
of Mrs. Pleasant was that there be
placed above her grave a tombstone
bearing her name, age, nativity and
the words: "fihe was a friend of John
Brown."
One of the many interesting ptorles
of nor eventful career told by Mrs.
Pleasant was her experiences during
the exciting times preceding "the out
break of the Civil War. With the
money inherited from her first husband
Fhe had come to California and was
here in 1S5S. when the first stories of
John Brown's efforts to free the
slaves of the South were conveyed to
Fan Francisco. Being in full sympathy
with the. movement r-he conceived the
idea of lending her financial assistance
to the undertaking, and April 5. 1S58.
found her eastward bound with a $30,000
United States . treasury draft, which
had been procured for her through the
aid of Robert Swain, John W. Coleman
and William Alvord. Reaching Boston
Mrs. Pleasant arranged for a meeting
with John Brown in Windsor, Canada.
Before leaving Boston Mrs. Pleasant
had her draft exchanged for Canadian
paper, which she converted into coin
and finally turned this over to Brown
afier a conference in Canada, at which
it was agreed between them that he
Fhould not strike a blow for the free
dom of the negroes until she had jour
neyed to the South and aroused the
feeling of rebellion among her people.
Disguised as a jockey sue proceeded
to the South and was engaged in her
part of the plot when she was startled
by the news that Br&wn had already
made his raid on Harpers Ferry and
had been captured. Learning that the
authorities were in pursuit of Brown's
accomplices Mrs. Pleasant immediately
fled to New York and 'after remaining
Jn hiding for some time assumed an
other name and made her way back to
California. !
When Brown wag captured there was
found on his person a letter reading:
"The ax is laid at the root of the tree.
When the first blow is struck there
will be more money to nelp." The
meysage was signed "W. E. P." For
months the authorities vainly searched
for the author of- this message. In
later years it developed that Mrs.
Pieasant had written the letter, but in
Fignir.g it she had made her first in
itial, "M," look like a '"W." " Mrs.
riraeant always blamed Brown for
hastening his attack at Harpers Ferry,
ivhich she claimed cost her in all over
$40,000. Among her effects are letters
and documents bearing upon t,he* his
torical event in which she secretly
played an important part. ¦ I
Pinkertons, After an Eighteen
Months' Search Throughout
'Country, • Find Him Here
Presidents of the Companies
Perish in Clallam Disaster
aiicl Litigation Soon Follows
TRIBUTE TO JOHN BROWX
RECEIVERS ARE APPOINTED
HOTfiL 3IEX HIS VICTIMS
cook durins thie time he has been in
this country, but to questions as to
where he has worked he replied yes
terday, "All over the United States."
CONVICT RECORD FOUND.
A search yesterday of the police de
partment records showed that Soeder
was arrested and convicted in 1894 on
a charge of burglary and sentenced to
three years in San Quentin prison.
'In August, 1894, Soeder was caught
by Policeman Tannian in the act of
burglarizing t,he restaurant of A. John
son, 28 Montgomery street. The man
broke away from the officer and it was
not until Tannian fired two shots from,
his revolver that Soeder surrendered. .
He was prosecuted and convicted un
der the name of "L. S. Lekenhenlt,"
and on September 8, 1894, was sen
tenced to three years in San Quentin.
He was released from the prison on
January 11. 1897..
When Soeder was shown his prison
record and photograph yesterday by
Chief Wittman % he tried* td deny that
he was the man or that the photograph
was one of him, but he finally said,
"Well. I guess. that is me. all right."
When asked why he gave the name
of "Lekenhenlt'^at the time of his ar
rest, Soeder claimed that the name was
that of his mother.
Investigation, by Detective' Gibson
brought to light the fact that Soeder
was seen wearing a dark gray* sack suit
last Sunday. When Soeder was ques
tioned yesterday by the police he de
nied that he possessed a suit^ of that
description or that he had worn a suit
last Sunday other than a black one.
Finally Soeder admitted that he did
own a dark gray sack suit and that he
had taken it to a cleaning establish
ment last Monday morning.
TOOK SUIT TO CLEANER.
At the dyeing and cleaning works of
F. Bertin, 430-432 Bush street, Detective
Gibson located the suit of Soeder, which
had been left to be cleaned. The suit
was taken Jthere early Monday morn
ing by a young man, who stated that
Leon Soeder was the owner of it and
desired to have it cleaned at once. A
young girl. at the works received the
suit, which was drapped up In paper. '
The police will try to-day to find if
any"""of the workmen In the cleaning
establishment noticed any blood stains
on the suit. It was placed, with many
other articles, in a steam scouring ma
chine, but it may be that the workmen
tock particular notice of the suit owned
by Soeder.
An examination of the suit yesterday
showed that it had been worn but very
little, and its condition was such as to
load ,to the belief that it wa^ of recent
purchase. There was" no clew as to
where it was made, the only identifica
tion tag being one showing that it was
of "union make."
Soeder claimed yesterday that the suit
was an #ld ./jne. and^hat he had worn
it all -th^ -t,ime...lie> was traveling from
California to EuroDe^ and . back again.
He further stated that he .had the suit
made- to order last year by a tailor in
Petaluma. _. ..." - ' . •' r: '
The. police place great importance in
the discovery tTiat. Soeder took the suit
he...u*as& last ..Sunday ; to the. cleaning
¦works early the following day. Their
theory is that the suit had blood. stains
upon It resulting from the murder of
Tombstone of Mammy Pleasant
Will Express Her Loyalty to
the Hero of Harpers Ferry
Holbroofc T. Estill, Who Is Ac
t-used of Passing Numerous
Worthless Drafts, Arrested
Two Washington Corporations
Become Involved Through
the Deaths of Head Officials
he tried to collect insurance upon It,
but the insurance company refused to
pay the \ claim. Then it was that Boe
derwent to Europe. ' » -'
The suspect denied when questioned
that he had ever been connected with
a man named Goadello who was ar
rested and convicted of having a coun
terfeiting plant in his possession. When
confronted by letters in his own . writ
ing floeder admitted that he; had given
information leading to Goadello's ar
rest 1 " and 'conviction and had received
ft; regard' from the Government of 550.
.This -transaction' took- place in 1900. It
is thought that Soeder outlined the plan
tb^Gftaide^Idr to make 'counterfeit money
and then denounced him to.the authori
ties: for the 'purpose of securing a re
•^yartL.-;. ,•/... .
'^With' the' knowledge that detectives
-had-eeanshed his- room on Monday, last,
shortly after he was, suspected of the
murder- of his"' brother-in-law, "Soeder
proceeded 'to pawiv a, revolver and a box
of cartridges. , ',' ;.\V\' . ; ' .
RECOVER PAWNED REVOLVER.
He, 'denied' to* Detective Gibson on
MofvJay,that he-t)wned a revolver; but
when pressed Vesteriy. h^ .admitted
that he had pawned the revolver on
Third street-and -had- given - a fictitious
name. .
Soeder was taken by Gibson to Third
street and the suspected man failed to
locate the pawn-shop, but after a time
he admitted that he had pawned the
revolver at Levi's shop on Stockton
street, riear O'Farrell.
'. Detective Gibson took Soeder to the
pawn-fehop in. question and recovered
the revolver belonging to Soedet. . It
was a Smith & We"sson, hammerless,
38-calibef, and had . been pawned in
the name of "Sam Norman."
When asked why' he had pawned the
revolver Soeder replied that "he tiaofTjo
further use for H."
Soeder /Was questioned as to where
his .trunk was.- and finally admitted
that before -ne went, to Europe he sent
the trunk out for storage to the Five-
IMile, House on, the^ Mission road. >The
ipoi'lee secured thfe," trunk last evening
and will make a careful examination^ of
its contents to-day., ••»• ,'- - ;";* ,.
j Sbeder-wlllvbe. given another 'examin
ation by Chief of Police J\ r ittman this
mbrriing. ; ! .. "^ *
Blaise, and that Soeder took, a most ef
fective means to remove the damaging
marks. Just why; Soeder ; took the suit
to a cleaner on Monday he Is unable to
explain. * , '¦•
SOEDER MAKES STATEM^EXT.
Soeder waa questioned at length yes-"
terday afternoon. -in the office of Chief
Wittman, his statements being taken
down by a stenographer, , In reply to
some questions put to him he. said: . ¦
"My brother-in-law we.nt out. three or
four times by* himself In the. evening
since our arrival in San_ Francisco, five
weeks ago. He never remained out
more than an: hour, at-any time. Last
Sunday evening after we • came home
from dinner he; said he was.:golhg.out
for a walk. I went to be4 at 10 o'clock
Sunday night, and he had not- returned.-
On Monday morning '%.. found that^hfi^
had not, been home all night, . and ..I
went over to the house' of a frierid - . 5 in
the Mission/ whom we met on th$
steamer coming over from Europe." : ;.
Soeder admitted that : he was a: little
worried at, the absence, all .night qf
Blaise, '; and- that ?was the , reason 'he
w%nt to; look 'for -him at his frierid'i
house. He eould ; not explain why, fde
8plte his ¦woriiment.^he took his suit of
clothes to, the cleaner's the same morn
ing. • . :; ", .•'*¦, */ -•. - ... • •
When asked if he- had been married
more than once Soeder replied, "No, I
have only been married once."
ADMITS AXOTHER MARRIAGE.
"Are • you telling the. truth?" was
asked of Soeder, and he was reminded
that his wife, who died last year at
Petaluma, had been insured for $2000,
which sum he had collected after the
woman died suddenly.
Soeder almost collapsed at the ques
tion, but he braced himself and. for
half an hour, denied .that he had ever
been married more than once. , ! .
Perfelstent examination at last drew
from him the admission that he had a
former wife, who had disappeared.
"Yes," replied Soeder, as he ! jshlftecl
uneasily In his chain "i^ was married
twice, but never rnore: **1 was "married
some: years, ago^io' Elizabeth Nifs iri
this city. She had no relatives here. I
don't remember the year we "were mar
ried in. I think she got the license. We
were married by some minister on Mis
sion Btreeti but I don't know-hta name.",
"Where is your first wife now?' 1 was
asked of Boeder.-' * ¦;
"I don't know.V he replied; "we could,
not get-along together and she left' friej
I heard she wehi.back to Germany and
died there.'V ' .;,„., I
This important adrriission on.ithe part
of Soeder is j looked upon as very? sig
nificant when: it is known that the
death of hls;.8econd wife in Petaluma
last year was regarded with suspicion^
by ttie^SU^ < 0uth$nti^.-^^,>V;^ '• 'M, £
Soeder's' second wife ; was a "Mekipan
girl, but* Soe&er will/ noiE say wheii ori
where he married her. While living 'at
Petaluma last February Mrs. Soeder
was taken suddenly ill and died, pre
sumably from ptomaine poisoning, and
ugly rumors filled the air. Soeder col-,
lected $2000 insurance on, his. wife's life.
CONFRONTED WITH EVIDENCE.
: Soeder denied yesterday that he
owned a restaurant in Tetaluma or that
the. building he j had erected had been
bur'neji down last year. He plasms that
he sold the building for $350. The police
have learned, however/ ' that Soeder'a
house was destroyed by fire and that
STEEL PLANTS
ARE CRIPPLED
HER EPITAPH
IS WRITTEN
CLEVER FORGER
RUN TO EARTH
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 13, .1904.
DAMAGING EVIDENCE FOUND, .
AGAINST LEON S.SQEDER
Continued* From Poge.l, Column 7.
Will Lecture on Civil War.
The Illinois Society of California
To Cure a Cold in One Day.
.Take I-axatlve Bromo Quinine Tablets. 'AU
druggist* re(*nd the money If It falls to cure
P. W.. Groves signature Is on eath box. 25c •
Former ' State^. Senator Passes Away.
! VACAVILLE, Jan. 12. — William
Boyd ', Parker, a :, wealthy resident of
Vacaville.l died • this -morning,? aged ; 7 1
years.; Parker was for many years a
resident- of Tehama .County, ; where he
held the^ offices of Clerk arid Treasurer.
Coming ' to^acayille^ in rl 883,' : he ;Wai
elected "a: Senator to represent 'S.6lano
a'nd* Yolb counties. ; He was an extent
sive fruit ; grower and large property
Funeral of George Haugstcd.
> SANTA ROSA7 Jan. 12.— -The fun
eral of George Haugrsted took \ place at
IJkiah this afternoon and . was ; largely,
attended by members , of the ( Masonic
fraternlty, ; the .Odd 'Fellows and. Santa
Rosa : Lrf>dge. B. i P. - O. E. Haugsted
was fatally burned about ; ten days jagq
by the, igniting of a floor varnish
was^preparing;in Uklah for his: hotel.
by Labor Council Within the
Xext Few Days.
2
JNO. J. FULTON: CO.
209 SINCE JAN., 1902,
.r :0 ¦ •>
SAN FRANCISCO* JANUARY' II. JI904.— WE
call the attention of the' public to the fol-
lowing facts:
Qvei two and a ( half years 'ago we became
fully fatisfled that John J.-Fuitan of this city
fcafl disrovcred cures for Bright's Disease and
Dlabrtf*. tVe did not Judge hastily; We took
month* to rut u»M cases on the treatment. ,W>
had leading- phyvlcians make tests. Among
th^m was the late lamented Pr, M. Gardner,
chirf surgecn of the S. P. R/ R. Co. We in-
terviewed rcore? of the cured , (there are prob-
ably Feveral thousand of them). Eighty-seven
per. cert cf the tent oases supported the ac«-<l
disco%-erer's claims, and the profound fact
stood out fully proven that nearly nine-tenths
of s.11 cases of Btisht's Disease. and Diabetes
are curaBle.
¦XTe otrafttzed to announce the great discov-
ery Jo the world. Since January 1, 1902 (now
over 1C4 w**ke). San Francisco dailies have
every week without a single exception an- -
r.ou'nccd from one^ to Bix cases as either cured
or and we did not mention one-
fifth of the cases that were reporting progress.
to cay nothing of the hundreds that were re-
covering and made no reports to us, and that
we only heard from Indirectly now and then.
Thus we have tince January, 1902, given the
f-uMJc the names and addreR»es of over 200
esses of Bright'* Disease and Diabetes, either
cured or recovering.
The books record these diveases as incurable,
snd millions of silent witnesses in mute but
it. rul eloguerice attect the futility of the old*
tim« diuretics to stay these deadly scourges,
but progress ic being made in medicine as in
everything else, and that Bright's Disease and
Diabetes are now curable we sow offer at ad-
ditional rvidence three last two hundred names
*nd addresses of living witnesses.
If. you have Brtght's Disease or Diabetes let
u* sJve ycu the names cf sorae of jt>nr fellow-
citisenii, ooth cured and recovering, then you
ran know U thie wonderful thing we are tell-
Ing'yoti Is true or not. It is true and truth will
Jurt a* certainly pre\'ail as fate; and ttie whole
world will soon know and acknowledge It. 11
> to fact acknowledging it now, for within the
last few roonthj we have chipped tbe Fulton
Dornpounds Into nearly every State in the Union
and duricer the law few weeks there have been
rails for them from Ireland. Ens-land and
AUEtraiia. Hut there Hr». still countless thou-
tatids who do not know that the cure has been
lound. Ex'ery one knows of some. Help
<heri by mallUyt our literature, or send us the
t.'.rre '¦" •¦ poEtal and we will mail them.
JOHN J. FULTON CO..
4CO Washington St.. San : Francisco.
ramphlrts and Compounds at all flrst-claes
trucriMs' In this riiy and at one I'sdine drug-
prt In racn Interior cJty. List of agent* with
•ampbleu tj m&U for (be uUrs.
ADVERTISEMENTS. «
Is a strong points with
Hood's Sarsaparilla. A
bottle lasts longer and does
more good than any other.
It is the only, medicine % of
which can ' truly be said
1 00 DOSES ONE DOLLAR
ADVEETISEMZUTS.
A PLAGUE OF THE NIGHT.
Itching Piles and- Other Recta! Trou-
bles Easily Cured bv a New
and Safe Method.
A Bemsrkable Xnmber of Coxes 2Zz.de "by
the Pyramid PU« Core. '
About one person in every four suf-
fers from some form of rectal disease.
The most common and annc-ying is itch-
ing piles, indicated by warmth, slight
moisture and Intense, uncontrollable
itching in the parts affected. I "' '.'£ ";
The usual treatment has been some
simple oir.tment or salve which some-
times give temporary relief, but noth-
ing like a permanent cure can be ex-
pected from such superficial treatment.
The only permanent cure for itching
piles yet discovered is the Pyramid Pil*
Cure, not only for itching piles but for
every other form cf piles, blind, bleed-
ing or protruding. The first applica-
tion gives instant relief and the con-
i tinued use for a short time causes a
! permanent removal of thp tumors or
' the small parasites wMch cause fh.>
1 intense itching and discomfort of itch-
ing piles.
- F..M. Collins of .440 A rmitage avenue,
Chicago, says: "Some time ago I com-
menced using Pyramid Pile Cure for
a disagreeable case of itching piles.
After using five boxes I consider my-
self entirely cured of the disagreeable
trouble, thanks to this excellent rem-
edy, and I shall never .fail to recom-
I mend it to any of my friends who may
happen to be troubled as I was."
The Pyramid Pile Cure is probably
the only pile cure extensively recom-
! mended by physicians, because it Is sa
i safe, so prompt in the . r*elief afforded
and so far as known the only positive
cure for piles.
AH druggists now sell it at 50 cents
per package.
Address the Pyramid Co.. Marshall.
Mich., for book on cause and cure of
piles. - . „ . ~v- ,, - .
If suffering from any form of piles
ask your druggist for a package of
Pyramid Pile Cure and try it to-night.
Special offer for 30 days. As a wpeclal lndne»-
ment to persons w&o are WEAK. NERVOUS.
THIM. CAREWORN, anl taara never tried Mi-*
GREATEST OF ALL
BLOOD AND NERVE REMEDIES,
TABLETS,
Ami who wish to give them a i&orongh trial, w*
will trod A PILUSI/K 91 BOX KREK cf
ettmrg* la exchange for tha cover of a Nenraa
Tablet box. Go to Use drugslst mentioned below,
buy «. box of Nervan. and when nearly* all used
send the cover to us and we will promptly aea<t
you another box free of charge.
Tou w;:i b« surprised at tha wonderful rwults
from the u«e of two boxes and you can got tbeia
at the price of ona. Two or three boxes usually
complete a core.
Request the drdggtst to £]?• yott check showing
the date ot your purchase and vend It along with
box cover. We simply ask this aa a mu:« o£
good faith.
If You Want Strength,
Vitality, Good Rich Blood
And desire to regain your youthful Vigor and
power you wilt not . hesitate to accep* tuts gen-
erous offer. Nervaa Tablets ar* without doubt
the greatest remedy In the world to-rdler* p*U»
and wn>nnimi peculiar u> .women. '¦•..¦. \\- : '
MR. T. J. MALONHT.
Tb« followtns Is on» ot thrmnnrti of tastl-
montaXs praistae th* great merits ot Kerrask
Tablets;. • . • '»
The Delmcnlco, Guide Rock; Neb.. Nor. fl. 1M*.
Kei-ran Tablet Co.. Cnieagot IU.
Gentlemen— My wife and myself !»?• takaa
three boxes of Nervaa TabtotJ and I think It is
the best medicine on earth. We ax» botn **i»-
tnj In flesh and strength. - W« bota eneerfuUy
recommend Nerran Tablets Ur tne suaertna; nu-
manity and safely Touch for Its many qnailUea.
If the abuve U ot any benefit to yon. you can
use it as a testimonial. We ax» e»er roadj ts>
vouch for its) Bocd qualiUes.- ... > -'¦_¦'.:¦¦ .
Tours for niccna,
T. J. MALOSBT AND iOl
Lock Box O, Quid* Rock, Neb.
Sold and recommended by
UNION DRUG STORES.
Blade by Hex-van Tablet Co.. Chicago, IU.
f ' ' '"%
Pure. Pole kni Sparkllns- Bottled
Only at the Brewery in SU Loots.
Lsolo everywhere;
HILBKKT MEKCANTII.B OOt. V
Pacific Coast Agenta.
Q visit DR. JORDAN'S cacAT 6
OF AMATOHY^
\ Sf The Ljv^est An •taanioi Wimnu in th e \
O aaesv«b World. Vi eaknn«es or any cNtmcted g
V VWfiPi d '«<»« p««ltt»^ly f r»< fj the olden T
O IgRl jpeciiUsr on IS- CoisL ZtC&jtiti. O
A fi^g J DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN }
\ rfGBSfl Con«ult»uo« free tnd strictly pri»ate. \
g S Jft3/n Tr«atmem prrioaal'.jr or bjr Iftter. A g
\ fl J/ *« B r»mtlm» CWr.m ereryca*« on <lert»ii en. T
6 P U ' 11 m w "<« fnr Book, rnaoiornv *r A
' 3 l<~ B4»IH*SE, MAILED l'KSB. ( A.Y
A CJ li niusble book for m<-n) \
Y DK. JunOA> A CO.. 1081 Market St. 9. F V
I dr.pierces
MEDICAL j
DISCOVERY
FOR THE
I BLOOD.LIVER.UJNGS^
., 7 , , " • * " " ,,' " ' ' ¦ "^
PDTTCUTTQ F °R ; barbeks.' ba-
-Dil UOIlLj kfr?. .bootbUcUs. Data,
houses, billiard tables.
brewers, bookbinders, candy makers, canners.
dyers, flour mills, foundries. ¦ laundries, paper-
hangers, tirlnters. painter*, shoe factories.
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanner*, tailors ate
BUCHATTAUr BHOS.,
Brn»h M&attXacttiTeri. 60S Sacnuncato St.
1 ' i ¦ ¦"
a Dr. Gibbon's JDispeiisarjv
6liO KEASSY ST. Ks.:ahitoh«l
in IS."J I for UM treatmKiit «t MM*
Km-hsm. Ijni Manhood. I.vMiit\ ut
rtl«*-ss» «r*arinitnn body ami niinti ai«l
Skin I>i««-HSPK. The Doctor cor*« win-ii ,
others fait. 'Try hrm. rhancM In*.
Cure* suamn »«•«•«!. Callorwilie.
Dr. J. I'. (<ibbo.\, oa:i Fr&nclaco. CatSANTA CRUZ. . Jan. • 12.— Dolores Ramferez
began suit to-day against the Big Creek "Power
Company; to recover SIO.COO damages alleged. to
liave been sustained by being struck by a live
" I ' ¦ flWWIlKWffWMhlff'MlMl Wt'W'f iJ 1 1 MH J IIU'I
California— Earle -Chapman, assignor
to Standard Bottle Closure Co.. Los An
geles, closure device (two); Hersey A.
Clifford, San Francisco, decorating ma
chine: Quince Crane and J. Restine,
San Diego, vapor generator and burn
er; Phlllo F. Dusenberry and H. M. j
Kelly, San Francisco, mall or letter :
box: Philip Englund, Chico, reservoir'
for storing petroleum; Herman Hahn,
San Francisco, non-reflllable bottle; j
John Hoey. San Francisco; couch; Peter
H. Jackson^ San Francisco, floor, side
v.alk, roof or like supporter; Alfred W.
Jones, Pacific Grove, assignor to J.'S.
Tait. Washington. D. C, elastic tread
horseshoe: Leon P. Lowe, San Fran
cisco, apparatus for accurately meas
uring flow of oil in pipes:- George 'W.
McNear Jr., Oakland, grain transport
ing and weighing apparatus; Lawrence
Middlelcauff and C. A. Schlrm. Los Ah
gejts, fruit pitting and stuffing 'ma
chine;; Dozler H. Mosteller. assignor
one-half to" C. Peters, San -Francisco,
lemon squeezer; William G. Phlpps,
Stockton, ore grinder; Frederick Saf
fell. Fresno, assignor one-half to R X
Powers, San Leandro. steam generator;
Jasper S. Scott, assignor one-half to
A. E. r Shepard* San Jose, bolt holding
implement: Brainard W. Stevens, Pin
ole, assignor to California Powder
Works," ' Hercules wad sorter and as
sembler', John A. Yeatman. San Fran
cisco, hydraulic nozzle and ""Joint.
Oregon— William E. Carter. Baker
City, wrench; Otto L. Gompton,' Union,
gate: Joseph D. Lee, Salem, water
mdtor. v 
-Washington — Otis Cutting, assignor
one-half to' M.' J. O'Donnell. Seattle,
reversible' rotary snowplow; John Han
sen. North Cove, ship's windlass; Ell
E. Sager, J. Sagmelster and W.H. Dow,
assignors to Dust Guard Manufacturing
Company, Seattle, dust guard for, car
axle boxes; . John - E. Wallin, Tacoma,
wood-holder; Benjamin "-P.' ' Youmans
and H..W7 Rand, Vancouver, ball-bear
ing wheel hub. -¦¦_ > - . »
Washington— T. J. Hammer. Bangor,
Kitsap County, vice A. M. Whaley. re- j
signed; J. O. Wallace, Brl3tf«rt. Lewis J-
County, vice C. E. Pennington. re- j
signed; Mrs. M. M. Clarke, Port Cres
cent, Clallam County, vice C. Lavon
Jennings resigned.
These patents were issued to-day:
Oregon— D. Erdman. Dover, Clacka- j
mas County, vice Hugh Fitzgerald, re- j
signed; William F. Draper, Green Horn, i
Baker County, vice William H. Kelly, j
removed. >
Washington — Nelson Rich, Prosser.
Fourth class postmasters appointed:
California— M. Blum. Germantown.
Glenn County. vice'G. A. Gutman, re
signed.
Postofflce at Tia Juana, Cal.. will bs
discontinued February 29 instead of
January 14, as heretofore ordered.
Postmasters commissioned: Califor
nia—William M. Rundell, Hornitos.
Oregon— Hiram F. Murdoch, Klamath
Falls."
WASHINGTON, Jan. 12.— Postoffice
discontinued January 30: '. Washington
—Geneva. Whatcom County. Mail »
Whatcom.
tlic Western Slope.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE |
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Washington Authorities Issue
Orders Concerning Postofflces on
Andrew Carnegie was introduced as
the "great apostle of arbitration and
peace."- He recalled that it was eight
een years ago when he first appeared
in Washington to urge arbitration. He
said that Great Britain was longing for
such a treaty as the conference con
templated. He said that never before
had; the English speaking race been
so close together. Speaking of insist
ence on points of honor, he declared
that the most dishonorable word in the
English language is honor.
"We have abolished the duel," -said
he. "Let it be aur race that takes the
first step to abolish international duel
ing." ;: ,
Lieutenant General Miles and Dr. Ed
ward Everett Hale earnestly voiced
their sympathy with the work. Rev.
Dr. Joseph Sherman of Temple Em
manuel, New York, spoke of the gen
eral trer.d toward arbitration.
A mass meeting was held under tfce
auspices of the. National Arbitration
Conference at the Lafayette Theater
Ui.s afternoon. General Foster presid
ed, and a number of notable speakers,
including Andrew and Cardi
nal Gibbons, occupied the platform.
Tbe resolutions adopted by the confer
*ence v/ere read and with a cheer of
aye3 the audience voted its approval.
Cardinal Gibbons then spoke:
"It is a matter of the greatest in
terest to every American citizen arid
to every lover of humanity," said he,
"that thing's are being done to estab
lish universal arbitration in the world,
not only between the great and power
ful nations who might hesitate because
of the consequences to go to m war with
one another, but also in favor of the
weaker and smaller nations in the face
of the great and powerful. I hepe and
pray for the day when the gosp»l of
peace will reign supreme in the world,
and when International disputes shall
be settled, not on the field of battle, in
sanguinary conflicts, but in the halls
of legislation by wise men who have
given profound study to international
questions."
CARNEGIE HAS HOPES.
"I have received through Mr, Straus
your very courteous invitation to at
tend the arbitration conference to be
held on the 12th of January next, and
to preside on that occasion. I need not
say to you how much I am interested
in the object which the conference has
in view and which the contemplated
meeting is called to further. And yet,
much to my regret. I am obliged to say
In response to your invitations that en
gagements already made and an unus
ual pressure of work prevent my at
tending the meeting." #
NOTABLE MEN SPEAK.
Committees were appointed to present
the resolutions adopted early in the day
to President Roosevelt and to Con
gress. The following letter was re
ceived from former President Cleve
land:
submitting the same cither to the per
manent court at The Hague or to a
commission composed of an equal num
ber of persons from each country, of
recognized competence in questions of
international law.
"It is further resolved that our Gov
ernment should enter into treaties to
the same effect as soon as practicable
with other powers."
The committee on resolutions made
the following report,* which was
adopted: -
"•Resolved, That it is recommended
to our Government to endeavor to en
ter into j* treaty with Great Britain to
submit to arbitration by the permanent
court at The Hague, or in default of
such submission, by some tribunal
specially constituted for the I case, all
differences which they may fail to ad-
Just by diplomatic negotiation.
"Resolved, That the two Govern
ments should agree not to resort in
any case to -hostile measures* of any
description until an effort has been
made to settle any matter in dispute by
A message from citizens of San Fran
risc.o. signed by Archbishop Riordan,
urging the arbitration plan, was read.
Addresses in advocacy of international
arbitration were made by President
Jordan of Stanford University, Freder
ick W. Seward of New York, Stuyve
sant Fteh of New York. Thomas Bar
clay of London and ' President Gompers
of the American Federation of Labor.
Addresses were also made by Presi
dent Woodrow Wilson of Princeton
University, Governor Durbin of In
diana. Horace Davis or San Francisco.
Judge. Grey. Edward Rosewater and
ex-Representative Coombs of Brooklyn,
who also presented a resolution to
make the conference permanent. The
resolution was adopted.
PORTENTOUS RESOLUTION.
"In this age, when men and nations
look hopefully to a future of universal
peace, every endeavor to fasten upon
all countries a code for the amicable
adjustment of International differences
must win the esteem of all mankind."
A message was read from Mayor
McClellan of New York. In which he
said:
war held here to-day. There was a no
table array of speakers representing
most of the large cities of the country,
and messages of Indorsement were re
ceived from others, including the Gov
ernor of California and John Mitchell,
president of the United Mine Workers
of America. The meeting was attended
by Andrew Carnegie; ex-Senator Gray
of Delaware, now Circuit Court Judge;
Lieutenant General Miles. President
David Starr Jordan of Stanford Univer
sity, ex-Secretary of State John W.
Fester, Cardinal Gibbons, Francis
Lynde Stetson of New York. Robert
Treat Paine of Boston; president of the
American Peace Society, and others.
Ex-Secretary Foster was chosen presi
dent. • He reviewed . the previous arbi
tration movements "and said that no
question can hereafter arise between
the United States and Great Britain
which will more seriously involve the
territorial integrity, the honor ,of the
nation, its vital interests or its inde
pendence than those jvhich already
have been submitted t"b arbitration
without serious Injury to our interests.
He said there never was a time when
the two countries were more closely
united.
President Fester then announced the
committee on resolutions. Among the
members are' Horace Davis of San
Francisco and Edward Rose water of
Omaha.
McCLELLAX'S MESSAGE.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 12.— A confer
ence called to frame a basis for an arbi
tration treaty between the United States
and Great Britain and for extension
of arbitration throughout the world
THREE DISTINGUISHED CALIFORNIANS WHO ARE PROMINENT IN
THE DELIBERATIONS OF THE CONFERENCE CALLED AT
WASHINGTON* TO INAUGURATE ARBITRATION. • > -'•
HELENA. Mont., Jan. -12.— James
Little Piur.ie, who killed seven In
dians on th? Blaekfoot reservation
¦while intoxicated last October, was
sentenced to forty years in the peni
tentiary to-day by Judg? Knowles in
the United States court. He is 24
veaxs of age.
Indian Slayer Gets Forty Years.
TREXTOX. N. J.. Jan. 12. Gover
nor MurpUy. in his annual message to
the LegiKtUiire. whiuh met this after
noon, called attention to the increas
ing number of advertising s'srr.s near
railway lines and expresses the hope
»ha_t some means may b*=- devised not
only to prevent their further increase,
but- to remove tho?e already in ex
istence.
Governor Objects to Af!»erti*e:Kc:rt«
early and likely to interfere with
primary elections. .
Chairman Jones appointed J. T. JIc-
Graw of West Virginia. J. L. Ellison
of Virginia. W. B. Bourley of New Jer
sey. J. M. Guffev of Pennsylvania and
Norman E. Mack of New York as the
committee to consider the disputed
committee membership from the Dis
trict of Columbia. To this committee
was also referred the request of the
Democratic Central Committee from
Hawaii asking that a Mr. Wood be
made the member from Hawaii and
also a ' request from the Democratic
Central Committee of Porto Rico re
questing permission to send six'dele
gates to the national convention.
LOCKPORT, N. T., Jan. 12. — The
Board of Health has ordered all lo
cal theaters, amusement halls, dance
halls and other public meeting placet
except public schools closed and the
public library to cease issuing books
in order to guard against any epidem
ic of smallpox or -other contagious dis
eases that are prevalent in various
places in Niagara and adjoining coun
ties. . *
Health Officers Close Theaters.
NEW YORK, Jan. It! — Blinded and
choked by trnoke from a fire in the
cellar. Abraham Geber. an elevp.ior
man in a Broadway office building,
ran his car three times from the
etreet to the eighth floor to-day, res
cuing eight scrub women, who had be
come panic-striclcer;. As the eleva
tor reached the grrour.d floor for the
third time Gebcr stnggrered into
Broadway in a fainting condition. He
had been nearly stiSc-d by the smoke
and was with dUBcalty revived. The
actual money Jofs uss small, the fire
being confined to the basement. Num
erous volumes of records and mani
fests belonging to tho Southern Pa
cific Company, which occupied the
street f.oor. were destroyed.
Car L mil lie Falls Into
Faint.
Blinded by Smoke, He Works the
ELEVATOR OPERATOR
SATES EIGHT WOMEN
¦WASHINGTON. Jan. 12.— The Demo
cratic National Committee to-day fur
nished a surprise, selecting St. Louis
as the place for holding the national ,
convention of 1904. The date fixed for
the convention is "Wednesday, July 6.
at 11 o'clock. '
For some hours previous to the meet
ing of the committee there was talfc in
th.e corridors and among Democratic
leaders that the convention in Chicago
might be subject to the influence of a
strong: movement and a newspaper in
fluence in favor of some particular
candidate. Mr. Knapp of the St. Louis
Republic hinted at this in his speech
by saying that the convention if held
at St. Louis would be welcomed by an
absolutely fair press.
The committee meeting covered con
siderable discussion of politics and the
claims of various candidates were ad
vocated by their partisans, but noth
ing like favoring any candidate ap
peared in the committee proceedings.
William J. Bryan, when the commit
tee had concluded its labors, appeared,
but his visit was without anv appar
ent political significance.
St. Louis first was advocated by
Mayor Rolla Wells. A written pro
posal was oresented to the committee
offering $40,000 in cash and the free
use of the Coliseum, a fireproof build
ing with a seating capacity of 13,000.
The Business Men's League guaranteed
hotel accommodations.
The financial proposal of Chicago
was read. It contained a provision
that should the sum of $4*3,000 be ex
hausted in paying the legitftnate ex
penses of the convention the balance
should be returned: also that 3000 tick
ets be placed at the disposal of the lo
cal committee. There were cries for
"James "Hamilton Lewis."
Mr. Lewis declined however, to re
spond, saying that the invitation of
Chicago had been most satisfactorily
presented.
At 4:25 the committee took a short
recess and then went into executive
session, choosing St. Louis as the con
vention city and fixing July 6 as the
date. There were two roll calls to se
lect the city. On the first St. Louis
received 23 votes, Chicago 20 and Xexr
York 6. On the second ballot St. Louis
received 28 and Chicago 21. The date
was fixed as July 6 on motion of Col
onel J. M. Guffey of Pittsburg. s J. G.
Johnson of Kansas suggested* June 7.
The June date was decided to be too
Senator Hanna's re-election is in
striking contrast to his election six
years ago, when, after a most exciting
political contest, he secured only
the requisite number of votes to elect.
73, on joint ballot, the Senate on its
separate ballot having given a major
ity of one vote to Robert L. McKisson
of Cleveland.
To-day Senator Hanna was re
elected by the largest majority ever
given to a candidate for United State*
Senator from Ohio. The House cast
66 votes' for "Mr. Hanna. two Republi
can members being absent, and 21
for* -John H. Clark of Cleveland, the
Democratic candidate, one Democratic
member beins absent. The Senate
cast 29 votes for Mr. Hanna and 4
for Mr. Clark.
COLUMBUS, Ohio. Jan. 12. — The
Ohio Legislature, by special ballot of
the House and Senate, to-day voted to
return M. A. Hanna to the United
States Senate for a second term. The
result will be formally announced at
a joint session at noon to-morrow, a
Joint ballot being: unnecessary by rea
son of Senator Hanna havinj a ma
jority in each branch.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 12. — It Is un
(iTstond that the President will not re
arpoint H. Smith Woolley as assayer
for Bois* City, Idaho. Woolley was
named by the President for the Boise
City assay office last September, a re
cess appointment. Subsequently to the
appointment charges were filed against
him by two editors cf Boise papers. The
charpes were brought to the President's
attention, and as they were of such a
nature and from such a source as to
demand consideration h» directed the
Treasury Department to institute an
investigation of them. The investiga
tion was completed to-day. A brief was
made of the case by the treasury of
ficers and presented to the President.
It is understood that while the brief
does not contain a specific recommen
dation, it practically sustains the
charges against Woolley. No action
will be taken by the President in the
case except that cf a negative charac
ter. This will be in the nature of send
ing the name to the Senate of another
man for the assayership at Boise.
i WASHINGTON. Jan. 12.— A saving
| of at least $400,000 in the cost o-f the
i cement for the Tonto Basin dam is
; promised by the bid for a first lot of
j 1C00 barrels or more received from the
I Pacific Portland Cement Company of
| San Francisco, Cal., which" offers to
I deliver the cement at Globe for %K 80
I per barrel. Two hundred thousand bar
' rels of cement will be used in the con
\ structicn of the dam, and in estlmat
| ins the cost the Government engineers
I learned that cement was costing a min
; ing company in Globe $6 SO per barrel,
I and adding the haul of forty miles over
j the mountain trail to the dam they
j estimated the cement would cost $9 per
I barrel at the site cf the dam. or a total
i of Jl.800,000. Believing it could be man
j ufectured there much cheeper, a ce
• ment mill -was purchased and is to be
! installed. The cement manufacturers
| made a vigorous protest against the
( Government entering: into the manu
! facture of cement, and stated they be
; lieved concessions could be secured
{ from the railroads which would bring
i the price down to $3 45 per barrel de
| iivered at Globe. To test this prcpo
j sition. the department advertised . for
j bids for 1000 barrels or more, the bids
i to be opened to-day.
Up to within a few minutes of the
• hqur for openfnc tnr> bids none had
i been received, and It looked as though
! the manufacturers Intended to ignore
j the matter: but a bid from J. D.
! Spreckels & Bros. Co. of San Fran
| Cisco, selling agents of the Pacific
j Portland Cement Comriany, was re
ceived, offering to furnish 1000 barrels
| at 54 SO per barrel, or in carload lots
j at the same price. This is a reduction
i of 52 per barrel from the original esli
j rr:aie and €5 cents.per barrel less than
• the lowest figure heretofore quoted, in
' dicatins that the concessions from the
i railroads have exceeded expectations.
¦ The departmf nt can accept or reject
j this bid. or attempt to secure a reduc
• lion ir: it by correspondence. This same
; company recently reducod its bid on
| "0.003 barrels of cement for the Trucked
project "0 cents a barrel, on accc-unt of
'¦ which th?y v.ere finally awarded the
j contract. It is understood no decision
, in this matter will be reached until
' r.e::t week.
Frederick A. Hyde, whose name is
mentioned in a New York dispatch re
garding the John A. Benson investiga
tion by a Federal Commissioner, Is In
this city, and stated last evening that
he had not been indicted by any Grand
Jury, that he is not a partner of Ben
son and that he is not in any way in
volved in the charges made againbt
JBenson. _-.
NEW YORK, Jan. 12.— The examina
tion of John A. Benson, the California
millionaire land owner, who was ar
rested in this city on December 31.
charged with having bribed Woodford
A. Harlan, chief of the special service
division of the land office, a Federal of
ficial, was commenced to-day before
United Statfs Commissioner Shields.
The indictment returned against the
accused and Frederick A. Hyde of San
Francisco charges them with having
obtained' the title to school lands in
California and Oregon by fraudulent
motions and having later bribed the
Washington officials to obtain secret
information gathered by special agents
of the land office concerning the al
leged fraudulent entries. Under the
laws of California and Oregon citizens
have a right to purchase school lands,
set aside by the Federal Government
for that purpose, from the State, pro
viding the purchase is made for resi
dence and improvement, and not for
sale. The two defendants are charged
with having secured applications Jot
the purchase of the lands from citizens
for small sums, giving them to under
stand they were merely selling their
right to purchase lands.
The Government had in attendance a
number of witnesses from Washington
and California. Walter F. Stack, and
Miss M. L. Doyle, formerly clerks in
the office of Mr. Hyde in San Francisco,
testified to methods of making out the
applications for the lands and said that
the applications were signed in blank
and later filled out with the description
of the desired lands.
Miss Dcyle was cross-examined by
Judge Campbell of San Francisco and
admitted that it was the exception and
not the rule to have the applications
signed in blank and she could recall
only a few instances where this had
been done. She also said that she could
not say positively that the persons
whose names were affixed to the af
fidavits did not appear before the no
tary because she was not personally
there when the acknowledgments were
taken.
"Woodford D. Harlan was called to
the stand, but his testimony was not
concluded, an adjournment being taken
until February 2, in order 'to give the
defendant's counsel time to visit San
Francisco and secure some documents
in evidence.
Proceedings in New York to
Determine Reasons for the
Indictment of a Millionaire
Government Accepts Bids in
Carload Lots From the J. D.
Spreckels & Bros. Company
Newspapers* Demands for In
vestigation of Applicant's
fitness Have Been Upheld
Result to Be Announced To-
Day at a Joint 31eeting of
the Lawmaking Branches
Forty Thousand Dollars in
Cash and Free Use of a
Large Hall for the Session
RECORD MAJORITY GIVEN
CHARGES ARE SUSTAINED
CHICAGO'S EFFORTS FAIL
OTHER BIDDERS HIGHER
CLERKS ON THE STAND
President Roosevelt Will Ap
point Another Man as As
sayer at Boise City, Idaho
San Francisco Firm Awarded
Contract for Supplying Com
modity at S4 80 a Barrel
Democratic National Committee
Upsets Expectations in the
Selection of Meeting Place
Federal Commissioner Hears
Testimony as to Alleged
Fraud in Obtaining Land
Legislature of Ohio Votes to
Beturn the Senator to
"Washington for Six Years
Notable Americans Meet and Form the Basis
of a Treaty by Which International
Questions May End by Peaceful Means
WOOLLEY LOSES
A GOOD PLUM
LOW FIGURES
FOR CEMENT
INQUIRY BEGINS
IN BENSON CASE
ST. LOUIS GETS
THE CONVENTION
HAHNA WINS
SECOND TERM
PROPOSE ARBITRATION
FOR ALL THE WORLD
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY. JANUARY 13, 1904.
3
\ ADVZETISEMEXTS.
K^* a * - r "t ***** ¦' **~**** ' 1 '«* | fc '¦*¦¦ » "*"¦ *a ai-*-^^ u * «**« *-^»^*^~iJ I J JIH J Ji %
V ir fanSMTir p 'iff nPffWiif t g --vMtlt iaia-itoT F^-^f^m^ ** TC-5 ¥.-»rYra .73 LniKJS
Now's the Time
This the Place
To Get That Winter Overcoat
(£ Now that the holidays are past, suppose
you come and see us about that overcoat
you've be&n thinking of. .
(£ We've got a number left from which you
can choose just the coat you need. . .
C We've reduced, the prices on a lot of them.
You'll get the best coat you ever had for the
least money. . . ... . -
C Our overcoats range from $10.00 to
$50.00, but if you wish to limit yourself to
$12.50 to $15.00,
we've got the very, coat you're after.
C One of those long, loose, full-cut coats,
either black or Oxford, and with the broad-
shpuldered, athletic effect — carefully tailored
and trimmed. These coats give the wearer
a distinct appearance. . . # \
DON'T YOU NEED ONE?
KEARNY AT POST
' * ' ' ' .
HOME FOR OLD PEOPLE
ThU &ome for Uie aged, eonfiucted by the
Sister* of Mercy. U eltoated at Ean Diero, Y nnf «•«•*>««• \. 1J ±
Cal.. en Calvenlty Helgfcta. ©verU*/kinr the * OUT glOCCr IS glad tO
ocean. The climate l s con«ider*<l the flne«t la . °
the world, free from extreme* of beat or cold. mnnfvfvr'L- R.r»
AKefl couples are also received. The charrei "1O"C} DaCh. OCnilling S tJeSt
tor a home for life vary from S1SOO • UDward. _ ... ___, -
accortln* <o age and requirement*. Yet further v? bnunf.powier iptec*
Information *pply to Sl«er Sutxrrior EL Jo- cafe* Hit-orn; eitrtrti tod*
•erb'n Sanitarium. San Diego. Cal. , .
weekly call, si.oo fer teab. | and nokody wants the money.
f^r\ \ ADVEBTISEaiEliiTS.
Facts about clothes
v Our cloth is bought direct from the mills. Were we tail-
ors alone, we would be compelled, like all other tailors, to
buy the cloth from jobbers. We buy the cloth from the mills
at the same price the jobbei has to pay them. The jobber, of
course, makes his profit when he sells the goods to the tailor.
The mills give us this privilege because we buy in large quan-
tities for our immense establishment in New York, where
we make ready to wear clothes. There is no other tailor on
' this coast who can buy a yard of cloth direct from the mills
where the cloth is woven. The elimination of the jobber's
profit enables us to save you at least 25 per cent. Our im-
mense volume of business allows us to save you 10 per cent
more. In buying a suit here yon pay at least one-third less
than you can possibly secure {he same goods for from any
other tailor.
We will make you a suit to order from $10 to $45 and
save you from $5 to $10 on your purchase.
Suits satisfactorily made to order for out-bf-toivn cus-
tomers. Write for blank and samples.
740 Market Street and
Cor. Powell and Eddy.After marrying a man to reform him
a woman soon begins to complain that
he isn't a bit like the man she married.
Officers are Re-elected.
OAKLAND, Jan. 12. — The following
officers of the Farmers' and Mer
chants' Savings Bank were re-elected
this morning: Directors — R. S. Farrel
ly, .William H. Taylor, J. H. Macdon
ald, F. S. Osgood. A. W. Schafer, Sam
uel Bell McKee, H. F. Gordon. Charles
E. Palmer, Edson F. Adams; officers — ¦
Edson F. Adams, president; Charles E.
Palmer, vice president; George S.
Meredith, cashier; H. A. Mosher, as
sistant cashier.
OAKLAND, Jan. 12. — Former Mayor
John L. Davie, garbed in corduroys
and crowned with a flaring som
brero, appeared in Oakland to-day
after an absence of two years. Ruddy
and rugged, Oakland's former chief
executive told his friends that he had
been mining in Shasta and Trinity
counties with fair success. Davie said
he was pleased with the manifest
growth of the city during his absence.
Former Mayor Davle In Town.
OAKLAND, ' Jan. 1 2. — Mrs. Lena.
Hill, the woman tramp, who was wan
dering about the small towns near
Livermore with two young girls, was
examined as to her sanity to-day by
Judge Melvin ar.d Dre. O. D. Hamlin
and J. J. Medros and found to be
mentally sound.
She was arrested at Livermore and
sentenced to thirty day3 in the County
Jail for malicious rriischief. She rs
fuses to eat at the jail and it was be
lieved she was insane. Since her in
carceration Father Powers of Liver
more has asked the courts to appoint
him guardian of the two children.
They are girl3, 12 and 13 years of
age. After her examination she was
returned to the jail to serve the re
mainder of her sentence.
Is Examined by Physician:* and
Returned to Jail.
Mrs. Lena Hill, Arrested at LJvermore,
WOMAN TKAMP IS SAID
TO BE MENTAtlA* SOUND
The protest of the company has in
definitely tied up the taxes alleged to
be due, however.
The book was examined by the jury,
and County Tax Collector Barber. Dep
uty County Auditor Myron "Wliidden.
County Clerk John P. Cook, Deputy
Assessors Robinson, Miller, . Dexter.
Van de Mark and others were ques
tioned. It was found that the change
was the result of a series of mistakes,
the first of which was made in the
Assessor's office and was afterward car
ried out through the Auditor's and Tax
Collector's offices.
The piece of property over which the
trouble has occurred was the assess
ment of the water in Lake Chabot as
personal property. This property was
discovered by Expert MacJtluilan to
have been overlooked by Assessor Dal
ton ever since he has been ] in office,
and MacMuIIan row has a claim.be
fore the Board of Supervisors for half
the taxes oa this particular piece of
property. . . ,
The Grand Jury made an investiga
tion to-day of the charge made by As
sessor Henry P. Dalton that the as
sessment of the Contra Costa "Water
Company had been changed on the as
sessment roll, after leaving his hands,
in such a way that the company was
enabled to protest the payment on a
part of its property and pay on the
balance. Mr. Dalton claims that the
company should have had to pay taxes
on all of it3 property or allow it all to
go delinquent. By the change, so that
part could be paid and part protested,
he claims the water company was bene
fited.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1113 Broadway, Jan. 12. .
Expert Wants Half the Taxes.
Contra Costa Company Indefi
nitely Tied ' Up by Protest
STACMULLAN A CLAIMANT
Alleged Change in Assessment
Is Found to Be the Kesult
of a Series of Mistakes
GRAND JURORS
EXAMINE ROLL
Esau was foolish to swap his birth
right for a mess of pottage if he could
have" traded It for breakfast' food>
. . .: ¦ -• *
OAKLAND, Jan. 12: — In accordance
with; City. Attorney J. E.' McElroy's
opinion, City Auditor . Breed to-day
drew a , warrant * for $ 1 50 in • favor of
John N W.. Mott, Police ' Court clerk," for
his ] November .. salary. City Treasurer
Taylor: honored the" warrant. \,
Clerk Mott Receives Salary.
OAKLAND, Jan. 12.— Mayor Olney
to-day signed , ordinances :¦ which pro
vide for the planting of the" American
elm on Telegraph avehuV^and r-'the
Sycamore on, San Pablo avenue. The
Board*of Public Works has taken up
the. plans for carrying -out' the .tree
planting projects. ; .5 - »»
Signs Tree-Planting Ordinance.
BERKELEY, Jan. 12.— Th£ funeral
,of Miss Anna Corinne Isgrigg, a 'stu
dent at the Berkeley High Schools/who
died suddenly from heart 'disease, was
held to-day from the" late, residence,
2208 Fulton street.; Mi89<iggrigg was
a native of Cedar^Rapids^Io'wa, and t *18
years/of age. remains vwere, cre
mated In Oakland. . „ "
High School Girl's Funeral.
BERKELEY," Jan. 12. — Marshal
Kerns 'swore $o .complaints 1 to-day
charging 'Mrs.* George Malcolm, a
colored woman,' and Christopher Cole,
'white, with selling liquor without a li
cense. Subsequently the accused were
arrested. The Marshal claims that he
has the evidence of three men that
they purchased liquor from the prisbn
ers._ . ,-.? ."• -^ -rij,- ... •,,., .' .. r ; t ', ;-,*.
Charges' illicit Liquor Selling.
' Aged' Pioneer Pound '-Dead. 7-
OAKLAND, Jan. . 12. r^-E£>Vvv'. Rich
ardson, 82 years '!olfl,. Was, found dead
this afternoon - a,t the^'cor'nef, of Fruit
vale avenue arjd » the " old ,'c.ourity; road.
Heart disease caused "• theVold man's
death. He had b.een residirig: with^J.
H. Crosby at 1623 Fruitvale avenue.
Richardson was a pioneer of Shasta
County and leaves relatives there and
in Los -Angeles. Coroner MehrmaJan
took charge of the case. . ' "}. '
OAKLAND, Jan. 12.-^-According .to
a staf^meni: issued by State -Superin
tendent' of. Schppls Kirk^of ;the' appor
tionment "of .State ; monkeys " for ; High
School . purposes, . Alameda' County re
ceives mote ; than f anyVoth.ej' county ;)n
the.State." WitM ; seven ¦ high schools
its 'share' is, $19,214'-94; San .Francisco,
with ' five i high schools, comes "secoml,
Tyitjh $18,939 12, and Los Angeles, With
sixteen high schpbJs, ranks 'third, with
$18,026 01. - ' - V"
Alametla Leads.
OAKLAND. Jan. 12. — The following
marriage licenses vere issued by. the
County Clerk to-day: Lester F. Cof
.fin, 39, . Lewiston, Idaho,, and Clara
Stoops, 27, Berkeley; Richard T. AIc-
Mnnia, 25, Oakland, and ; Myrtle JH.
Parke, 20, Dolphos, Kans. ;'• Edgar L.
Wheeler, over 21, San- Francisco, and
Luella Robertson, ' over • 18, Oakland;
Herbert Wilhelmi, over >21, "and Geor
'giana M. '.C.ij-lor, over 18, -both' of Ala
meda; Ira O. Foster, -49, and Belle G.
A'lan:s. 41. both of Los Bands; Manuel
Jl'aria, 25, and Maggie H.' Feiry; 20,
both of San Lorenzo; John F.'Statiton,
pver 21, and Anita L. Crbwen,' over 18,
both of : Haywards; Augusta '| •. H.
Schulze, over 21, and Caroline Meyer,
overlSi both of Oakland; John. A.
Olsen, 33, and Rose' A. McAvin, J33,
both^of Oakland; Frederick Moore, 21,
and Violet A. Swift, 19, both of Oak
land.
Marriage Licenses.
Mr. and Mrs. Edward M. Walsh will enter
tain the members of the Linda Vista Club at
dinner Thursday evening.
• BERKELEY. Jan.%12.— Miss. Evelyn O. Jar
vis and Albert' E.Rflyce -were married at the
home of the bride's parents last Tuesday by
the Rev. H.*E. Lee. ' The wedding was a home
affair that was attended only by relatives.
The young people left afterward for Carters,
where the. groom Is a business man. The bride
is a .daug hie? of Mrs.' F. C. Jarvtt, formerly of
Newark. .-- •¦ . »
Miss Inez Boyne of Palo Alto will be guest
for «' week of Captain and Mrs. Joseph
Mathews.
At the conclusion of the club work tea was
served by three little girls In Japanese costume
Miss Edna Barry ana tier fiance are the
ralson*. d'etre of a large dinner party which
Robert- Bain Jr. . la planning for the 21«t. It
will take place in San Francisco. :,-
The regular meeting of the Hill Club, which
took place at the residence of Mrs. A. L. Cun
ninsham yesterday, was full of Interest, as
usual. The programme was arranged by Mr*.
W. O. Badgley and Mrs. Cnnntngham. and the
literary portion 'of It was devoted to the works
of Kate Douglas Wtggln. Coming meetings of
the club will be given over to the discussion of
noted wemen writers of the day.
. Mrs. David Spencer, gave the Initial number
on the programme yesterday by reading a abort
sketch. of Mrs. Wlggin's Jife, written by Mrs.
Badgley. MIsb Mary McClees then read ex
tracts from the popular writer's latest book,
"Rebecca of Sunny brook Farm."
Some very enjoyable musical selections were
Riven, by the three Pasmore sisters — Misses
Mary.' Susanne and Dorothy Panmore — with pi
ano, violin and cello.
Oliver and her two charming daughters^are
unsurpassed as hostesses and when they send
out cards for anything it is generally the signal
fCr A S i£S fe^mfitmentary to Mis, Lucy
Gwin Coleman of San Francisco was given by
Miss Laura Prather last Saturday afternoon.
The Monday Sewing Club spent a very indus
trious afternoon with Mrs. William Watt yes
terday This busy club Includes among Its
members Miss Bessie Palmer Miss Caroline
Oliver . Miss Anita . Oliver. Miss May Young.
Mrs Richard- Bahls. Miss Pauline Fore. Miss
lone' Fore, Mlse May Coogan, Miss Edna Barry.
Miss Jacqueline Moore. Miss Alice Knowles.
Miss Ruth Knowles, Mrs. J. L._ Brown. Mrs.
William Gardiner Cooke and Mrs. Beach Soul.
OAKLAND. Jan. 12. — The Board of
Police and Fire Commissioners has un
officially decided to appoint Patrolman
Charles E. .Clark as a sergeant of po
lice at the regular meeting Friday.
The question whether a third sergeant
shall be named has not been settled.
Officials of the Police Department who
favor the appointment of three ser
geants argue that a patrol sergeant
can be made as useful as two police
men on beats because he can be sent
on call at a moment's notice and can
cover a wide range of territory in
emergency- cases. It is expected that
further moves will be made by the
Commissioners .looking toward reor
ganization of the police force. '
PATROLMAN CHARLES CLARK
WILL BE PROMOTED
Distributes Douling's Kstate.
OAKLAND^ Jan. 12.— Final distri
bution was ordered to-day by Judge
Ogrden of the estate of the late Rich
ard r>o\\ Ur.s. The estate has been
appraised at $95,307 98. It consists of
1500 acres of valuable farming land
and cash, all of which goes to deced
ent's widow and ten cfiildren".
Breaks His Hip.
OAKLAND,; Jan. 12. — William Me-
Clemagan, an old man, slipped in get
ting off a San Pablo-avenue car at
Twenty-third street this afternoon and
broke his hip: He was taken to the
Receiving Hospital, where * he was
made as comfortable as possible.
OAKLAND, Jan. 12. — George Wantz.
and John McDermott. fellow workmen
in a Washington-street butcher shop,
quarreled this afternoon. McDermott
went to the Receiving Hospital, where
a scalp wound from a butchers* steel
was dressed. He caused Wantz's ar
rest and Wantz retaliated by. turning
McDermott* over to jhe police. They
will tell their troubles to-morrow in
the Police Court//"-"
Butchers in a Battle.
Altogether there are about 350 vol
umes of poems and about 400 volumes
of novels, many of \ them autograph
numbers, . and many periodicals and
works ' on philosophy, religion, travels,
economics, science and -biography. ¦
The collection Includes a large num
ber of pamphlets and records of con-,
temporaneous events in the library and
artistic field of the State that are dally
gaining in historical value.
The diary, of Father Pedro Font, a
Spanish priest, who wrote of his trav
els from Monterey^ to San Francisco
in 1775, Is a valued treasure. This diary
was contained in t the famous Cowan
collection, which was purchased and
presented to the university by Collis
P. Huntington. Another set of interest
ing documents are the letters of Gen
eral John A. Sutter, who built Sutter's
Fort. ' The original manuscripts of Bret
Harte's "Heathen Chinese," including a
photograph of Bill Nye, a picture of
Hangtown in '49, a page from the ac
count book of the San Diego Mission
written in 1777, Joaqiiin Miller's
f*Burns" and Edwin Markham's -"The
Man With the Hoe" are also included. in
the collection, besides the works in book
form of each of these writers.
Among the other prominent authors
whose works ' are preserved are Mrs.
Gertrude Atherton, Mary Halleck
Foote, Mark Twain, Helen Hunt Jack
son and Jack London. Librarian Row
ell considers that anything written in
California is ,Calif ornian and therefore
entitled to a place* on the shelves. For
instance, Mrs. Jackson's only Califor
nia work is "Ramona," therefore it is
the. only work by that writer put in
the collection.
BERKELEY, Jan. 12.— To establish
a distinctively Californlan department,
literary and historical, in the library
of the University of California is the
plan that J. C. Rowell, the librarian,
has elaborated with a success that has
encouraged him to further effort. The
purpose is to gather a collection of
manuscripts, published works and gen
eral literary treasures done in Califor
nia by Californian writers. The end in
view is to assemble at the university
a collection that shall be the record of
reference for time to come to attest
California's place in the world of liter
ature. •
Librarian Rowell has gathered sev
eral thousand volumes to the depart
ment, additions being of almost daily
occurrence. Among the new gifts to
the Californian section is the original
manuscript of "Two Hearts That Beat
as One*," a short story by the late
Frank Norris and presented by Charles
G» Norris, the author's brother. A vol
ume of poems, "Thoughts," by Ardelia
Cotton Barton, and a novel, "The Lady
of Mark." by Sydney C. Kendall of
Los Aneeles, have been placed on the
shelves.
SOME THINGS TO BE FOUND
IN THE CALIFORNIA UNI
VERSITY LIBRARY.
' The Misses Oliver are sending out Invitations
for I a large card I party In j honor of four pros
pective brides — Miss i Burdge, Miss Barry, ¦ Miss
Moore and Miss Young.; The .beautiful home of
the f Olivers on . Vernon ' Heights Is splendidly
adapted for entertaining. . Mrs. - William Letts
The .Tuesday Afternoon Five Hundred Club,
composed of twenty girls of the "smart set"
here had a pleasant meeting thrs afternoon
at the home of Miss Lucretla Burnham. Miss
Claire Chabot carried ; off the prise. Among
those who enjoyfed to-day's game were: Misses
Edna Barry, Jacqueline Moore. Claire Chabot,
Mollle Mathes, May Coogan. Elsie Everson,
Ethel- felms.. Jean'. Downey, Ada Kenna. Helen
Chase. Edith h Beck. , Bessie :¦ Fllmore, Ethel
Crellin." Bessie - Reed and Mrs. . Irving , Burrell.
- Miss Estelle Kleeman was entertained at
luncheon in San . Francisco to-day by Mrs.
Marlon. " Later she attended , the meeting of
the Mills ' Club and- reception to the former
president.,. The. present presiding officer-, is
Mrs. . Margoles. who was Miss Minnie Hoppe
of Oakland. . A number of Oaklandrrs were
present at the reception to-day. Including Miss
Carrie Hawley, Miss . Therese Coleman. Miss
Whltmyer. Miss Kleeman and Miss Fannla
Madison. BMBBPIWbNBSSBM
The friends of Robert P. McManls. the erst
while assistant secretary of the Young Men's
Christian Association, will be surprised - to
learn that he has become a benedict. He was
married this afternoon to Miss Myrtle Parke
of Delphos. Kahs. The. ceremony took place
at the residence of A. C. Carr -*«r on Four
teenth street at 3 o'clock an' - • witnessed
only by Mr. and Mrs. Can '' '.' and th«
bride's mother. Mrs. Percy E. Parke. The
nuptial knot was tied by the Rev. H. J. Vos
burgh. pastor of the First Baptist Church.
. Mr. McManta came from Indiana > about a
year ago and took charge of the local branch
of the Y. M. C. A. pending the arrival of Mr.
Kllng. , the present secretary. He does not
hold any office at present, but Is a very active
member of the association. The bride and
her mother came from Kansas to Oakland to
spend the winter here, and It was since : her
arrival in this city that Mrs. McManis met her
husband. After a short honeymoon spent in
Sacramento Mr.. and, Mrs. McManI* .will reside
on Twenty- fourth street in this city. .
Mrs. W. . N. Kleeman entertained a few
friends informally at dinner recently, the hon
ored guests being Mrs. Marlon of San Fran
cisco, a prominent member of the California
Club, and her daughter. Miss .Inez Marion.
The decorations were quite unique, a Christ
mas tree illuminated with tiny electric lights
occupying . the , poet of honor on the table,
which was further decorated wlth:red berries
and smllax. Covers were laid for ten guests.
In the absence of the president. Miss Gray.
Vice President Mrs. J. B. Hume occupied the
chair. Mrs. Charles S. Houghton was presid
ing hostess, assisted by Mrs. S. A. Hackett,
Mrs. M.lde L. Hadley, Mrs. W. M. Hall, Mrs.
George Hammer, Mrs. L. J. Hardly. Mrs. F. M.
Hathaway, Mrs. E. A. Heron, Mrs. Charles
Higby. Mrs. G. jtD. Hlldebrand, Miss Jennio
Hill, Mrs. John G. Hoyt, Mrs. B. S. Hubbard,
Mrs. Samuel Hubbard, Mrs. James B Hume,
Mrs. D. a. Hunter. Mrs. F. M. Hurd, Miss I*
C. L. Janssen, Mrs. J. A. Johnson, Mrs. Mur
ry L. Johneon, Mrs. M. F. Jordan, Mrs. C. 'E.
Judson, Miss Keene. Mrs. George W. Kelley,
Mrs. Charles W. Kellogg, Mrs. F. I. Kendall.
Mrs. H. G. Kendall. Mrs. T. N. Kierulff, Mrs.
G. L..Klng. Mrs. R. W. Kinney, . Mrs. Dudley
Kinsell. Mrs. C. W Kinsey, Mrs. A. W. Kirk
land, Mrs. E. N. Klttridge, Mrs. E. A.'Kleu
gel, Mrs. Clarence Gray, Dr. Myra Knox, Mrs.
C. A. Hooper, Mrs. A. H. Hills and Mrs. T. G.
Harrison.
The luncheon tables looked unusually pretty,
holly berries and smtlax forming a very ef
fective decoration. The large number of light
reception gewns worn also added much to the
charm of the scene. A few of the very hand
some gowns were worn by Mrs. Thomas Crel
lin. Mrs. Paul Lohse, Mrs. Dudley Kinsell. Mrs.
Mclvln C. Chapman. Mrs. Merrill, Mrs. J.
Waltci Scott, .Mrs. E. J. Cotton. Mrs. George
C' Bornemann, Mrs. Henry Rosenfeld, Miss
Belle Nicholson. Mrs. F. P. Dalton. Mrs. Jo
seph Hunt. Mrs. F. I. Kendall, Mrs. T. C.
Coogar. ar.d many others.
"Beloved, It Is Morn" (Florence Aylward),
Mrs. George Winchester: solo for violon
cello. Mrs. Eugene M. Holden; Scherzo
(Awnsky). Mrs. Arthur W. Moore; (a) "Ich
Hebe dlch" (Albert Mildenberg): (b) "The
Night Has a Thousand Eyes" (Frank Lam
bert); (c) "A Woodland Madrigal" (Robert
Batten), Mrs. Winchester.
Mrs. Childs and Mrs. Haight. president of the
Laurel Hall Club of San Francisco, were the
guests of honor to-day.
Mrs. George G. Winchester, who was Miss
Alma Ilerglund, sang to-day. Mrs. Winchester
has a sympathetic, pure soprano voice, excel
lently poised, and It is a real treat to listen to
her. . •
•The musical programme to-day, as arranged
by Mrs.' Edward Norton Ewer, was as follows:
OAKLAND, Jan. 12.— Many things tended to
make the Ebell lunch more than ordinarily In
teresting and enjoyable to-day. It was the
first large reunion since the new year began,
the music | was dellshtful and Mrs W. A.
Childs' resume of her. recent travels in India
was enjoyed by every one. The good 'hew«,
too, that the club's president, Mies Mabel
Thayer Gray, was very much improved in
health raised the spirits of her fellow-mem
bers and added considerably to the general en
joyment of the occasion. Miss Gray is In Chi
cago and ha« been quite seriously 111.
EVENTS IN SOCIET
President, Mrs. \V. O. Gould: first vice presi
dent. Mrs. G. W. Prescott; second vice presi
dent. Mrs. J. F. Merrill; third vice presi
dent Mrs. M. P. Jones; fourth vice president,
Mrs. H. J. Sadler; recording secretary, Miss
Helm Van Winkle; corresponding secretary,
Mrs. S. P. Tugele; treasurer, Mrs. I. H. Mor^;
directors — Mesdames IV. O. Gould, L. C. Red
ington, G W. Preecott. J. F. Merrill, M. P.
Jones. H. J. Sadler. A. R. Baldwin, G. P.
Thurston. S. P. Tupgle, I. H. Morse and Miss
Helen Van \Vinkle; trustees— J. F. Merrill,
\V. F. "Whittler, W. H. Crocker. E. B. Pond
and George P. . Thurston; consulting physi
cians — S. P. Tuggle, M. D.. and Adelaide
Brown, M. D.: auditor. E. J. Bowen.
The employment bureau. has secured
positions for over 700 applicants. .The
library and reading rooms have been
kept open day and evening. The sew
ing school has had an attendance of
150 children between the ages of 6 and
15 yfcars.
At the lunchrooms at 116A Davis
street 65.4S2 lunches were served. These
rooms are furnished with piano, easy
chairs and lounges, books and papers,
providing for the young women a home
like "noon rest."
The relief committee assisted 1320 in
many ways, the aid being given so as
to enable them to help themselves. %
The travelers' aid committee has a
visitor at the steamers and overland
trains to guide strangers and to give
aid to all women and children that need
help. Fifteen hundred "have come un
der the supervision of the visitor.
The treasurer reported $22,433 58 re
ceived and $22,294 65 disbursed, leaving
a balance of 5138 93.
The following officers and board of
directors were elected:
' The Young Women's Christian Asso
ciation held its twenty-sixth annual
meeting last Friday, January 8. The
reports show that the' home at 1259
-O'Farrell street has been taxed to its
utmost capacttS' and has had " 1125
bVarders* the year, representing
thirty-four States and twenty-four
countries. Of these 900 were Ameri
cans and 225 foreigners. The classes
in physical culture,' elocution, litera
ture, French, music, singing, sewing,
cooking and setting the table have been
attended by about 600 women.
Young Women's Christian Association
Launches Out in Many Channels.
DOES PHILANTHROPIC WORK. ,
Definite action regarding: the proposed
children's playground and recreation
park at West Oakland was taken this
evening at a* joint meeting of the Aloha
Club and the West Oakland Improve
ment Club, held in the rooms of the
Aloha Club. Wallace M. Alexander pre
sided, and , after some, ; discussion the
fallowing ...resolution > was iadopted by
unanimous vote: "
-"To. the Honorable, the City Council
of. Oakland— Whereas, The city of Oak
land owns a certain tract, of land in
West Oakland, "between nine and ten
acres in extent and bounded by Eight
eenth, Campbell, Twentieth and Wood
streets ; and .•
- "Whereas, Said property has never
been put "to' any use, but in its present
condition Is an eyesore and detriment
to the city of Oakland; arid '
"Whereas, The children of West Oak
land have no recreation or play ground
for their diversion; and
"Whereas, The plan of said recrea
tion ground or playground for children
has already been tried in San Francisco
trnd has proved eminently successful;
now therefore^ be it
"Resolved, That we, the undersigned
residents and property owners of West
Oakland, do hereby petition your hon
orable body to take favorable action in
regard to the formation of a children's
playground on the aforesaid city prop
erty in West Oakland.
"W. M. Alexander, M. R. BIythe, C.
H. Redington, L. A. Montague, M.'*F.
Redington, Mrs. Enscoe, Charles E.
Townsend, J. W. F. Koenig,
John F. Mullins. Mrs. D. J. Mullins, J.
F. Dutra. Peter Wilkens, H. T. Hayes,
William Walsh, D. McLeod, A. D. Mc-
Kinnon, James Newell, P. McAlvern,
Frank Mulhern, T. W. Wilkens, C. H.
Thaler and Walte'r Meese."
On motion of A. D. McKlnnon the fol
lowing committee was appointed to
present tb«e resolution to the City Coun
cil at its next, meeting: Wallace M.
Alexander, Mrs. M. F. Redington, Miss
Annie Hennings, John Newell, John F.
Mullins, William Walsh and F. Koenig.
A resolution in the form of a protest
to the City Council against the re
moval of the Pacific Incinerating Com
pany's plant from its present location
to Twenty-third and Wood streets was
indorsed, and "the following committee
was appointed to circulate the petition
among the property owners: C. H.
Thaler, A.D. McKinnon and Paul Lati
mer. ' '¦> '%>¦}
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Jan. 12.
BERKELEY, Jan. 12.— M. Emtl Labarthe.
a member of the committee representing the
French Government at the St. Louis Worlds
Fair,* will address a meetlns in Hearst Hall
at 8 o'clock Thursday evening on "1/ Esprit
Francais et rEstranKer." The lecture will be
open to tbe public.
Professor Charles Mills Gayley. George F.
Kutr, chief engineer of the United States
navy, and Professor Philip R. Boone will con
duct an examination of applicants for admis
sion to the United States Naval Academy on
February 6 at Boone' s Academy. This com
mittee was selected by Congressman Victor H.
Metcalf. who will appoint the applicant recom
mended by the committee. The examination is
open to residents of Alameda. Contra Costa or
Solano Counties, who must be between le and
20 years of age and In good health. The
mental examination will be upon reading and
writing, spelling, punctuation, grammar, geog
raphy, history, arithmetic, algebra and geom
ctry ¦ »'• ¦ ¦ -
The department reserved for the works of
California-authors at the. library has lately re
ceived the- following additions: • Professor J.
H Sepgcn's translation of Fouque's "Undine. '
J ' Winton Webster'* "The Hermit's Home."
Christian Binkley's "Sonnets and Songs." Dr.
E A. Sturge's "The Spirit of Japan' anil Miss
Marie Lydia Wlnkler's "From Glory to Glory.
Max Thclan. president of the Associated Stu
dents, has appointed the following named mem
bers of the committee authorized at the last
Kcneral meeting of the Associated Students to
investigate and report upon the "honor sys
tem" which It is proposed to adopt for the uni
versity J L. N»!ghbor. 'Ot (chairman); Miss
Arnolll 'W: Miss Martha Rice. '04: Miss Flora
Frickstad. '05; J. A. Brewer. '03: J. W. Geary.
•04- Hart Greensf elder, '04; S. M. Stow. 'M.
T. E. Rlfley, '00; L. D. Bohnett, '06, and E. J.
Those who have entered for the preliminary
try-outs for the Carn'ot team have been divided
into two section* by the debating committee.
From each of these sections four will be se
lected to compete In the finals. The candidates
for each section are the- following named:
Section 1— Frank Mandel. # <M: O. B, Adams.
•C5- R W. Henderson, '04; il. T. Samuels.
•C5; R. L. McW'llliams. '04; J. S. Koford. '(«;
E. C. Baker, '05; A. C. Keane. 'C5; P. M.
Carv 'C4
Section 2— J. P. Lucy of Hastings College of
Law L D. Bishop. '03; I. S. Metier. '01: E.
P Nathan. '03; R. K. Barrows, '»«: Hart
Greensfelder. '04; G. C. Rlngolsky, 05; "V\ . J.
The Judges for the first section will be Pro
fessors Mitchell and Sanford I and 1 Mr. Fergu
son; second section. M. A. Gorrill. Mr. Mc-
Cormack and Mr. O'Connor. The Judges of
th e finals will be Professors William Carey
Jones, A. F. Lange and H. A. Overstreet.
Resolution Against Removal of
Pacific Incinerating Com
pany's Plant to Be' Presented
BERKELEY, Jan. 12.— At least two
"West Berkeley merchants were made
the victims and half a dozen had nar
row escapes from being made the vic
tims of a clever swindler with a
pocketful of bogus checks who oper
ated in that section of town last week.
The victims are Bruns & Fedderwitz,
who lost $38, and Christoper Schlen
ker. the loser of $20. They say that
they accepted without question the
checks of Harvey Wilson, a former
resident of West Berkeley, when he of
fered them in payment of goods pur
chased. They knew him and did not
euspeet the worthlessness of his paper
until it was returned by the Nevada
Bank of San Francisco with the words,
"No funds." XoW they know Wilson
better and are seeking to Introduce
him to the police. Wilson tried to pass
his checks on Dennis Landregan,
Charles Hadlen and Frederick Mun
day, but failed.
Victims Do Not Suspect Harvey Wil
son Until His Paper Is Returned
by Nevada Rank.
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
PASSES WORTIILKSS
CHECKS OX FRIENDS
PROTEST IS INDORSED
Oakland Organizations Bequest
City Council . to Set Aside
Land for Recreation : Park
CLUBS SEEKING
A PLAYGROUND
It is thought by the attending doc
tors that the crisis in Purcell's condi
tion is yet to come. If inflammation of
the brain should develop there will be
but little chance for the patient's sur
vival. There is also a possibility, the
physicians assert, that Purcell may
withstand the shock and his injury and
recover.
That Purceli continues to survive his
¦wound is attributed by the surgeons to
his magnificent physique. To-day the
patient received a number of visitors,
including members of his family. He
did not fail to recognize them, and it
was only rarely that he lapsed into a
state of coma. Purcell has thus far
given no reason why he wanted to die.
He regrets his rash act, and noV de
sires to live for the sake of his wife
and four children.
ALAMEDA. Jan. 12.— Despite the fact
that there is a large, Jagged hole ex
tending from the roof of his mouth
through his brain cavity and skull,
John Purc/>11, the noted veteran athlete,
who sought to end his life yesterday
while temporarily, deranged by shoot
ing himself, still lives at the Alameda
Sanatorium and is conscious the great
er part of the time. His condition is
attracting much attention from physi
cians, who consider the case a remark
able one.
After the address of the president
reports of various committees were
read and. the, trustees and board of di
rectors .for the ensuing, year ' were
elected. Following is the result of the
election: Trustees — S. -T. Alexander,
Francis Cutting, Sol Kahn, James A.
Johnson, George H. Collins, George T.
Hawley, H. C. Taft, George D. Gray, V.
H. Vance.
Directors— G. E. Brinckerhoff, R. H.
Chamberlain. John H. Stevens. W. "W.
Worden. H. C. Taft, George Roeth> D.
Edward Collins, Dr. R. T. Stratton, M.
T. Holcomb, F. D. Cook, Irving C. Lew
is, H. R. Jones.
The board of directors and the trus
tees will -meet in 'two -weeks and elect
officers. .... _
The members have not only been infused with
a genuine iove for the good the association may
accomplish, bat have also given substantial
f-videiice of their Interest in the building project
by. raisins a members'" fund of $10,000 and by
rendering valuable assistance in raising $25,000
more, which is known as the young business
men's fund. These two amounts, together with
the $75,000 secured by the citizens' committee,
make a. total of $110,000, which if eminently
Mtisfactory for the first part of the canvass
and Bivtp assurance that In the near future the
full amount will be secured.
nuring the year lOOt the work of the Young
M^n'e Christian Association has been carried on
with marked success, especially when we con
sider the jifrs'.stent and laborious effort on the
part r>f the management to raise $150,000 for
the construction of a new building. • This build
ing, in which we meet to-nlKht. which has
porved the association for fifteen years, was
sold lart spring for a satisfactory price, and
the proceed? were used in the purchase of a Bite
a i the corner of Fourteenth and Jefferson
turrets.
D. Edward Collins, president of the
Y. M. C. A., addressed the members of
the association at the annual meeting
held last night in the auditorium of the
association building at Twelfth and
Clay streets. His report on the work
of the organization indicated that the
last year has been a most successful
one for the. association. The president
said in part:
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Jan.' 12.
John D. Garfleld, formerly a promi
nent real estate broker of this city,
was probably fatally injured this moTn
itiR in a collision with a milk wagon
while he was riding a bicycle down
Thirteenth avenue, in East Oakland.
According: to Dr. J. L. Mayon, the
attending physician. Garfleld suffered
a fracture of the skull, with the. ex
ternal evidence indicating that the In-
Jury extended to the base of the brain,
causing a severe Internal hemorrhage.
Garfleld left his residence, 1805 Thir
teenth street, on his bicycle only a few
minute's before the accident occurred
at 7 o'clock. He was pedaling rapidly
down a grade, when the milk team
turned into the street from a cross
thoroughfare. Neither the. driver nor
the wheelman had time to avert a col
lision. Garfleld was thrown heavily
over the handlebars and struck the
street on his head.
Passing pedestrians hastened to the
senseless man's assistance. He was
recognized and was removed as quickly
as' possible to his residence. Dr. Mayon
was called and found his patient In a
very critical condition.
There were times when the injured
man regained consciousness for a mo
ment, but J he lapsed into" a comatose
state and gave every evidence of a very
serious brain lesion.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Jan. 12.
Physicians Bojrard Condition
of Patient as Bemarkablc
and His Recovery' Possible
D. Edward Collins Compliments
3Iembers for Splendid Work
in Securing Building Fund
John D. Garfield Is Victim
of Probably Fatal Accident
Near Home in Edst Oakland
RETAINS VSE OF SENSES
NEW BUILDING ASSUBED
IS HUBLED TO PAVEMENT
John Purcell, Xoted Athlete,
Lives Despite Jagged Hole
From Mouth Through Skull
Organization Elects Trustees,
and Directors and Committees
Beport on the Year's Besults
Wheelman Buns Into a Dairy
Wagon and Snffers a Frac
ture of Skull at Base of Brain
SURVIVES WITH
BRAIN INJURED
BANNER TEAR
FOR Y. M. C. A.
BADLY INJOURED
IN COLLISION
DEPARTMENT OF CALIFORN1AN BOOKS
FOR LIBRARY OF STATE UNIVERSITY
Collection Is Being Made of Works of Authors of the Golden State
and Several Thousand Volumes, Which Embrace Poetry,
Romance, Science and History, Are Already on Hand
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 13, 1904.
4
AJ)VEBTISTnYn3NTS.
Skin Diseases
Eczema, Salt Rheurn.^ Pimples, ..
Ringworm, Itch, Ivy Poison, Acne
or other skin troubles, can be
promptly cured by \
Hydrozone is endorsed by leading
physicians. It is absolutely harm-
less, yet most powerful healing
•agent Hydrozone destroys para-
sites " which cause these diseases.
Take no substitute and see that
every bottle bears my. signature.
Trla.1 Size. 23 Cents. * ' '
."At Drneelsta or by mall, from '
Qj. gkfcP^fa^ 81 ! 0 "?- " w
-So instead of going to the doctor's I
sent for some Postum. although I did
not have much faith in it, but to* my
great joy. it turned out all right and
after we quit coffee completely we both
began to get well, kept it up and are
now both of us strong well men with
none of the old troubles. A miner is
supposed *o be able to stand great
hardships, but we could not stand cof
fee. It was killing us. Any one follow-
ing the directions on the package of
Postum will have a far better drink
than he can get from the best coffee
•;i think every coffee toper should
know Postum will cure him of his ail-
ments, besides it is such a refreshing
drink." Name given by Postum Co
Battle Creek, Mich. . "
Coffee hurts nearly all who drink it
and soaks some people very hard. There
is a sure way out of the trouble by
quitting coffee and using Postum. .
.' And "there's a reason."
Look in each package for a copy of
the famous little book, *!The Road to
WellviUe.- • ¦' " .
"So I pulled up stakes one day and
started to see a doctor and curiously
enough an old acquaintance I met on
the way steered me off. We stopped
and talked and told each other all the
news and I told him about pur troubles.
He said it was coffee doing the work
and, that using Postum in place of cof-
fee cured him of almost exactly the ail-
ments I described. .• >^' v *
A Gold Miner on the Coffee Question.
Many a • rugged constitution has
broken down by use of coffee:
¦ "I ar.d my son are miners and have
been strong coffee drinkers. I will add
I followed mining for fifty years. Near-
ly three years ago my son had palpita-
tion of the heart so bad that after a
hard day's work he would be almost
unable to get his breath when lying
down;' and I was a victim of constipa-
tion, headache and 'could not sleep
soundly.
MIXER HIT.
POSTXJM CEBEAL.
ALAMEDA.
1435 Park Street.
Telephone Eagle 503.
ntjm r.nriX. . .- .
2148 Center Street.
Telephone Xortb. 77.
OAKLAXD.
1118 Broadway.
Telephone Main IOCS,
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTYWASHINGTON. Jan." 12.— The War Depart
men to-day j ordered -that thereafter: all detain
ot, staff of fleers for Philippine duty shall be for
three years : instead of two as at oresant.
- BARCELONA, Spain, Jan. ¦ 12.— A general
¦trike haa b*en declared at Vails as a result
of a long: standing strike in the weaving- mills.
Ail manufacturing Is now at a standstill.
SANTA ROSA, Jan. 12.— From sta
.tistics recently compiled it. is shown
that one of the most important indus
tries in this county" is the egg and
poultry business. The center of this
industry, is in the vicinity of Petarluma,
whence transportation charges _ to the
metropolis are low, but it is gradually
spreading in all directions. Around
Santa Rosa are many poultry farms of
a -few acres each 'and shipments' 'are
increasing from this, 'point. "' During
the year 1903 over 40, 000,^00 eggs
were shipped from Petaluma alone/
the actual number being 40,888,008,' or
3,407,334 dozen. The poultry, ship
ments amounted to 32,535 dozen dur
ing the twelve months from that point.
Pctaluma Hens Make Record.
Decides That Original Subscribers Are
¦ Liable for All Differences Between
Genuine. and Watered Stock.
PORTLAND, Or., Jan. 12.— An im
portant decision rendered in the Cir
cuit Court to-day deals a severe blow
to corporations whose stock is heavily
watered. The • court holds as a prin
ciple of law; in such cases thai the
original subscribers forstock must pay
for the same in money or property, of
equivalent value, and that in case an
attempt is' made to pay the subscrip
tion for stock in Droperty palpably of
less value, than tire par 'value of the
stock, a creditor can recover the differ
ence between the actual value and that
represented.
This was a suit brought" by William
McBeath, as trustee in bankruptcy, to
recover such difference upon the ground
that when the defendants, Banfleld.aud
Rand, bought ah interest in the, Kaup
isch creamery concern % and the, same
was turned, Into a corporation, they j
paid but $2000 each* for, subscriptions of
stock in the ! amount of , $5000, : and that
the Ka'uplsches transferred their prop
erty interests * to the corporation, ,the
inventory value of .which was .but $4700,
in ¦ payment for $10,000 worth ; of stock,
making a' capitalized institution of $20,
000, half of which was .watered stock.
The ; case has been in * litigation .for
five years and' the plaintiff will recover
approximately $9000 under, the decision.*
CIRCUIT COURT DEALS
- BLOW TO CORPORATIONS
Wardrip Is Sentenced to Be Hanged.
SACRAMENTO. Jan. 12. — Charles
Wardrip, convicted of the murder two
years ago of Hugh Duffy, a Sacramen
to merchant,' was to-day sentenced by
Judge E. C. Hart to be hanged at San
Quentih on February 26 next. . "War
drip was sentenced to hang in August
last, but his case was appealed to the
Supreme Court. The; verdict of the
lower court was sustained and War
drip must pay the death penalty.
DENVER, < Colo., '-Jan. 1'-'.— Under the State
constitution Jjidge W. A. H. Gabbert to-day
necamr Chi«»f Justice of the Supreme Court of
Colorado, : succeeding -, John ' Campbell. Judge
Campbell to-day entered upon his second term
of nine years as a member of the court.
Attorney Jere Burke of the Southern
Pacific Company Appears Before
¦ City Council of Stockton. ¦
STOCKTON. Jan. 12. — Considerable
interest lias been aroused here over
the appearance of Jere Burke at the
City Council meeting last evening as
the attorney of It. G. Paddock In his
application for permission to build a
pole line through this city for the
conveyance of light and power.
Burke appeared to know' what was
wanted, but was not inclined to make
a definite showing as to who the real
projectors of the new enterprise are,
but he said the company would have
electrical power to sell. With con
siderable^reserve the Southern Pacific
attorney said that no electric railroad
scheme was contemplated by his com
pany at present, but that there was no
telling what thev future might bring
forth. He said that men of capital
realized that Stockton was destined to
become a great manufacturing cen
ter and that it would need immense
electric power. His company pur
posed to be on the ground early. It
! would brine some of its power afar,
but would manufacture the most of it
in Stockton. This" city was to be the
company's headquarters and the
scene of its principal operations.
AI'PLIES FOR PERMISSION'
TO CONSTRUCT iA POLE LINE
Jean lelMeur, a sailor on the French
ship Vercingetorix, was stabbed in the
abdomen last night by Vincent le Car
vec, another member of the crew, and
now lies at the City and County Hos
pital in a precarious condition.
" Le Carvec came on board ship shortly
before midnight intoxicated, and with
u knife in his hand made for the bunk
where Le Meur was sleeping. Mate
Jean le Gal interfered and put a stop
to hostilities.
Later on Le Carvec renewed tMe at
tack and "gave Le Meur a terrific cut
across the abdomen, which caused his
int«stines to protrude. Officer Henne
berry arrested the knife wielder and
took him to the Hall of Justice. Shortly
after his arrival there the prisoner was
taken to the bedside of his victim for
identification.
The chances for Le Meur's recovery
are very, slight. ' ',*.
Vincent 1-e Carvcc, While Drunk,
Makes Murderous Attack on Jean
Lc Meur, a Brother Sailor.
NEW TORK— Sailed Jan 12— Stmr Victor-
Ian, for Liverpool; stmr Sardinia, for Naples
and Genoa;" stmr Carpathla, for Genoa and
Naples. -¦ '
CHERBOURG— Arrived Jan 12— Stmr BIu
cher. from New .York, via Plymouth., for Ham.
burg, and proceeded; stmr Kronprinz Wilhelm
from New Tork. for Bremen. -•
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Jan 12— Stmr Ultonia.
for Boston." ;
SAILED.
' Tuesday, January 12.
Stmr National City. Hammar. Fort Bragg.
OUTSIDE. BOUND IN. 12 MIDNIGHT.
Nor «tmr Tellus. * . /
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ABERDEEN— Arrived Jan 12— Stmr Sequoia,
hence Jan 8 ": • ••
TACOMA— Sailed Jan 12— Stmr Mackinaw,
for San Francisco.
" OCEAN' STEAMERS.
... , • ¦' Tuesday. January 12.
Ger stmr Serbia.. Bradhering. 3 days 18 hours
from Seattle; put in to finish loading.
Late-. Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
SERIOUS STABBING AFFAIR .
OX 'SHIP VERCIXGETORIX
The resignation of Manager Babcock
was because of his ill health and be
cause of his desire,. after a season of
rest and recuperation, to devote his en
tire time to his own enterprises. He
remains a director in Spreckels Broth
ers' Commercial Company.. Babcock
has been- so closely identified with San
Diego and Coronado since before the
beginning of the boom of 1887-88 that
he is known to about every one to
whom either San Diego or Coronado is
known. Clayton, who becomes man
aging director, has been the manager
of the various transportation'com
panies for the past several years and
as such has become known to most of
the people on both sides of the bay.
His successful management of those
companies gives a direel and positive
evidence of his ability to make a suc
cess of the management of other com
panies. Babcoek left yesterday morn
ing, accompanied, by Mrs. Babcock, on
his health hurfting trip.
¦ SAN DIEGO, Jan. 12.— The resigna
tion of E. S. Babcock as managing. di
rector of many of the Spreckels corpor
ations took effect to-day and- at the
annual meetings of the various com
panies William Clayton was chosen. to
the vacancy created.
E. S. Babcock, Managing Director of
Mitny of'tlic Spreckcls Corpora
tions at San Diego Resigns.
ill' health causes
- HIM TO TAKE A REST
. LONDON, Jan. 12. — H. Arnold Fors
ter. Secretary of War, has' cabled Ma
jor General Egerton, commanding the
Komaliland expeditionary force. King
Edward's expression of satisfaction
over the result of the engagement in
Somaliland between the British and
the forces of the Mullah, which result
ed in the defeat of the latter,, who left
1000 men killed. His Majesty ex
presses regret over the losses of of
ficers and men of General Egerton's
command.
Major Lecke. a Canadian officer,
who has just returned an invalid from
Somaliland, when interviewed said the
defeat was the beginning of the end of
the power of the Mullah, whose forces
are now scattered.
At 9:30 this evening G. T. Battelle of
Oakland, roadmaster of this division
of the Southern Pacific, appeared on
the scene with a force of men and gath
ered iip/the frogs and crossings that
the interurban intended to lay and re
moved them to the yards of his com
pany. President James W. Rea of the
interurban was present and protested.
Rea sent one of his men to get him a
revolver, but when it arrived the
Southern Pacific men had removed the
tracks. Rea, however, placed Battelle
under arrest and took him to the City
Prison. Later Battelle was charged
with grand larceny in stealing $2000
worth of material from Rea. Battelle
was released on $2000 bail, furnished by
P^iul Shoup and J. L. Jackson. :
Tlea declares if he had had a gun
he would not have allowed the rail
road company to remove the material.
Battelle states that the interurban
had a ''force of 200 men secreted In the
neighborhood and intended to put in
the crossine at midnight, stealing a
march on the Southern Pacific. They
objected to this : mode of doing things,
wanting their own engineers to super
intend it.
Rea professes not to know what the
trouble is about ti and thinks that the
rival- electric roads are causing the
trouble. The interurban has a fran
chise along the street
SAN JOSE, Jan. 12.— A new obtruc
tion to the interurban electri(^ail\vay
entrance to this city developed to-day
in the Southern Pacific Company. In
building its road the interurban left
the crossing over the Southern Pacific
line at San Carlos street to the last.
To-day they intended to put in the
crossing, but when the, force appeared
on the ground it was found that 'the
Southern Pacific objected. A heavy
freight engine and two cars took up a
position on the railroad track where it
crosses San Carlos street to prevent the
interurban men from working. The en
gine and cars remained right pver the
crossing, and when a team approached
woujd move away to give a clear cross
ing and then return. To-night another
crew, and engine are keeping vigil at
the point to see that the interurban
company does not steal a march on
them.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Forces in Somalilaiid Are
Scattered and the Power
of the Sovereign- Is Waning
San Jose Streetcar Company 1
Attempts to Install Grossing;,
but Operations Are Foiled
MULLAH'S END
IS NOW NEAR
REX IS BALKED
BY S. P. MEN
BRUSSELS, Jan. 12. — A report that
Russia had' placed enormous orders
for coal for the Far East in Belgium
Coal Orders Cause Excitement.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 12.— Rear Ad
miral Evans, commanding the Asiatic
fleet, ' reports that the cruisers New
Orleans, Cincinnati, Albany and Ral
eigh arrived in Guam to-day, and that
the battleships Kentucky, Oregon
and Wisconsin left Gttam later in the
day for Cavite, on the way to^Subig
Bay. The cruisers will follow the
battleships to Subig Bay in a day or
two.
Uncle Sam's Ships at Guam.
ST. PETERSBURG, Jan. 12.-Japan f s
reply is expected in two or three days
according to reliable information re
ceived here, and there is good reason
for believing that the. reply will be so
worded as to prevent an immediate
rupture, leaving both governments in
a position to continue negotiations
looking to a pacific settlement.
— — t
Russia Hopes That Tenor Will Leave
Negotiations Open.
AWAITING JAPAN'S REPLY.
LIVERPOOL, Jan. 12.— An inter
esting statement in connection with
the strategic value of the Trans-Si
berian Railway was made to-day by
Fulford Bush, a member of a British
mercantile firm at Newchwang. Ad
dressing the Liverpool Chamber of
Commerce, Mr. Bush, after covering
the question of the light construction
of the railway and the probability of
the line being blocked if subjected to
heav# military traffic, said that his
own observations, coupled with trust
worthy native information, convinced
him 'that at least 200 Japanese mili
tary engineers, disguised as Chinese
coolies, barbers and other menials,
had already been distributed at points
along the railroad and that it would
not be a fortnight after the declara
tion of war before the line would be
blown up at a dozen places.
Mikado's Subjects in Disgnise Prepare
to BIo*Y t'P Tracks.
JAPANESE AT RAILWAY.
ROME, Jan. 12.— Signor Monaco, the
Italian Minister to Korea, there being
no representative of that country in
Italy, has sent direct a letter from the
Emperor of Korea to King Victor Em
manuel in which the latter is .prayed to
interpose his good offices with whom or
in whatever quarters he may think best
for the purpose of helping Korea in the
difficult position in which she is placed
by the rivalry between Japanese and
Russian interests.
Emperor Urges King of Italy to Act
as a Mediator.
KOREA MAKES APPEAL.
A.Russian forte has occupied the ter
minus of the n^w branch of the Shan
,Hai Kwan-New Chwang Ra ,'oad. re
*^ntl., competed by the inese. The
torminus is 100 miles northwest of/Xow
Chwang and will be an important
strategl : base in the even I f war.
The foreigners at New Chwang, fear
ing the town may become the scene of
hostilities in case of war on account of
the presence there of % Russian garri-
Bon. are urging the Consuls to secure
action on the part of their governments
to maintain the neutrality of IJew
Chwang, asserting that bu iness will
.be seriously impaired, and adding that
as the Russian occupation is not recog
nized by China or by the ,\ owers, the
governments have ground for action.
Tne Japanese mail steamer leaving
Cbing Wan Tao to-day carried the
families of many Japanese merchants
of New Chwang.
It was announced from Tientsin
PEKI-.G. Jan. 12.— Authentic infor
mation has b*»en received by the lega
tions here that two divisions of Rus
sian troops are coming by the Siberian
liailwav.
Soldiers Are Traveling Over Siberian
Railway to Strategic Points.
v RUSSIA MASSING TROOPS.
If Japan prrupies Korea the belief
prevails in s>.<me. quarters that Russia
would not risk a naval engagement, but
would occupy northern Korea, Japan
meanwhile possibly entrenching herself
op. th«* southern slope of Gonsan (115
m;!*>s n<Tth<>ast of Seoul.) .Vhile this
Is merely speculation in diplomatic cir
ejes li is given as one of the reasons
for believing that even in the event
of -' failure of the present negotia
tions the desire of both sides to avoid
the odium • >f an attack might lead. to
a final delimitation of the '. r >undaries
on ihe basis of the territory occupied.
• PT. PETERSBURG. Jan. 12.— Kurino.
the Japanese Minister, in an interview
to-day, declared that if war should
come he believed it would be a pro
longed on*, u was difficult now to see
how :t could be decisive, he sail, con
sidered solely from a military point of
view. "The majority of the people of
Russia." added the Minister, "and many
perpons abroad, have underestimated
Japans strength, the idea prevailing in
well-informed quarters that Japan
.would be unable to put more than 200,
000 soldiers In the field. This idea is en
tirely erroneous."
Minister Kurino said he still was
hnppful of peace, but was confident that
if necessary the Japanese army of
in^re than 600.000 men would give a
pood account of itself and do credit to
Japan's mijitary system and system of
compulsory education. He pointed out
that Japan's coast defenses were so
*tmnz that General Kuropatkin. the
Hue: ian Minister of War, had freely
admitted ttat even a coalition of the
powers .wbuld be unable to effect a
landing on Japanese soil.
Thf opinion prevailing abroad that
the ten: 'nation of negotiations would
necessarily mean war is not held
Flrongly here, as Russia nas never de
cJar«Hi «hat she intends to do.
Japanese Minister Says the Mikado's
Forces Are Underestimated.
SAYS WAR WOULD BE LONG.
TOKIO, Jan. 12.— In the presence of
the Mikado himself the final conference
to decide on the answer to Russia
drawn up at yesterday's meeting of the
Cabinet and veteran statesmen was
held to-day. Previous to the council
Admiral Yamamoto in behalf of Pre
mier Katsura, who Is indisposed, had a
private audience with the Emperor. Mr.
Kornura, the Foreign Minister, and
>Iar<juis Ito also conferred privately.
At the general conference aU_ mem
bers of the Cabinet were present, along
with Marquis Ito, Marquis Yamagata,
Count Matsukata and Marquis Saionjl.
While the result of the conference is
rot positively known, it is stated that
the response drafted yesterday was ap
proved and ordered delivered to Baron
de Rosen, the Russian Minister. The
Bwwer, which is believed to partake of
th«? nature of an ultimatum, is regarded
as the final step in the negotiations.
Public interest is at fever heat and de
velopments are anxiously awaited.
According to high authorities Japan
really desires China for the present to
traintain a strict neutrality in the
e.vnt of war. Th*> attitude of the Gov-
Pinment on that point might experience
a sudden change, however, should the
army and navy prove unequal to the
task of defeating Russia., If the tide
of war should begin to how against
Japan, threatening disaster to the em
pire, it is probable that heroic efforts
would be made to draw China into the
struggle.
Xote to Kii-sia Prepared and Its Con
tents Are Withheld.
5IIKAIX) AT COUNCIL.
The German newspapers have no spe
cial correspondents in the Far East and
rely for news either on outside agen
cies or on official sources here. Since
the official sources consistently aver
that war is wholiy out ot the question,
not a single newspaper in Germany, so
far as the correspondent has seen, re
gards war as likely.
The German Foreign Office is well in
formed, especially from the Russian
side, and it may be inferred that the
positive official optimism here Is de
rived from knowledge that Russia will
not permit war to break out.
BERLIN, Jan. 12.— The German For
eign Office holds to the opinion that
war in the Far East is still highly im
probable. Beyond this the official state
ments do not go. Unofficial opinion,
especially that of the newspapers, re
gards the statements telegraphed from
the Far East of "extreme tension as
part of a great diplomatic game des
tined to make Russia believe that moTe
concessions must be made or Japan will
attack. ' -
Foreign Office Still Declares That War
Is Improbable. •
GERMANY IS OPTTMISTIC.
stall Sudden Attack.
PORT ARTHUR, Jan. 12.— It is re
ported here that owing to threatening
news received from KoTea the com
manding officer of the Seventh Russian
Brigade has gone to theTalu, Rlver (
to select temporary camps and effect
a concentration of troops.
Owing to the apprehensions of a dar
ing dash on the part of the Japanese
at Port Arthur the authorities here
have taken extraordinary precautions
in and about the town and along the
whole line of the Manchurian Railroad.
Rumors were circulated some time
ago that the Japanese intended to take
advantage of the festivities incident to
the Russian Christmas and surprise
the warships here. Consequently a vig
ilant watch was kept night and day.
The whole Russian fleet is now in
fighting trim. '
Precautions Are Being Taken to Fore-
RUSSIA IS PREPARING.
few years ago you might go from
one end of Russia to the other and
just say you were an American
and a Russian would put out his
hand and say: 'You are my
friend.' Now you arc against us.
It is not right. Do not forget that
in the war with England Russia
•strongly took the side of the
United* States.'*
to-day caused a semi-panic on the
Brussels and Antwerp bourses.
January 4 that the Russian officers
there had Informed the railroad officials
that a detachment of 100 Russian
troops would occupy Sin Mln Tung on
the railroad running to Shan Hal Kw&n
and Tientsin in two days from that
date. -•¦; ',;<'
Continued From Pace 1. Column 2.
CZAR HURRIES MESSAGES §§
TO VICEROY IN THE ORIENT
SAN FRANCISCO CALL. WEDNESDAA r , JANUARY 13, 1904.
5
_^ ADVERTISEMENTS.
— T- ¦ ; m . . ! _.
I indescribable fear, for
Erkfiffi H^i IT'SLW M^&-S> nothin ? compares with
of the suffering and danger in" store for her, robs the expectant mother
of all pleasant anticipations of the coming event, and casts over her a
shadow of gloom which cannot be shaken off. Thousands of women
have found that the use of Mother's Friend during pregnancy rob«
confinement of all pain. and danger, and insures safety to life of mother
and child. This scientific liniment is a god-send to all women at tho
time of their most critical trial. Not only does Mother's Friend
carrr women safely - through the perils of child-birth, but iUnse
gently prepares the system for the coming event, prevents "morning
sickness," and other dis- v , - __ "
H°i a ti5 s l2 MOTHER'S
containing valuable information free, E* B& B &^ StoB BHb
The Bradfiefd Reflufator Co., AUwita^Ge. B B^BEaBwEJ.
OCEAN TEAVEL.
v*»C cJ*\. Ste*meni lear» San Fna-
'/xir^^QvK * j8co »» follow*:
ArZL _ Xil\ For Ketch&aa. "Wraa«-U
m/TRMn y\ Juneaa. Halves, Ekxrasy.
I I hUSHI 1 1 * te -' Ala»Va— 11 ». m.. Jan-
\ \ YWfiea/ ./ 2. 6. 11. 18. 21. 28. 31. Feb.
\*i \V /Pi 6 - Cbanc» to eomptV*
VS^<__^y «trameni at Seattle.
>^»5**S5^ F°' Victoria, Vaacau^er.
¦ "^ Port Townaend. Seattle. Ta.-
ccma, Everett. Wbatcom — 11 a. m.. Jan. 2.' 8.
11. Id. 21. 26. 31. Feb. 9. Change at Seattle
to this company's steamers for Alaska and
O. N. Ry.: at Seattle or Tacom* to N. P. By.;
at- Vancouver to C. P. By.
For Eureka (Huznboldt Hay) — Pomona. 1:30
p. ra.. Jan. 3. 11. 17. 23. 29. Feb. 4; Corona.
1:30 p. m.. Jan. 2. 8. 14. 20. S«. Feb. 1.
For Lea Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara-
Santa Rom. Sundays. 9 a. m.
State of California, Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Lo* Angeles (via San Pedro and TE*»t
San Pedro). Santa Barbara, Santa. Crux. Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos. Port HarOrd (San
Luis Oblspo). Ventura and Hueneme.
Coos Bay, 9 a. m.. Jan. 4. 12. 20. 28. Feb. 0.
Sonlta. 9 a. ra.. Jan. 8. 16, 24. Feb. 1.
. For Entenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jos« d*l
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata, La Pax. Santa Ro-
salia. Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a, m.. 7th of sack
month.
For further 'Information obtain folder.
Rifrht Is rtaerved to change steamers or sail-
lag datew. . • - ¦ r_- ..
TICJUiT or?I0H!M New Montgom-
ery street (Palacr Hotel). 10 Market «tr*tt ud
Broadway wnarves.
Freight office. 10 Market «tr«-t.
C. D. DUX ANN. General Passenger XttoU
10 Market street. San Francisco.
O. I?. & N. CO.
wolombla sails Jan. IS. 28. Feb. 7. 17. 27,
March 9 and 19. George XV. Klder sails Jan.
13. 23, Feb. 2, 12. 22. March 4 and 14. Only
steamship llr.i to PORTLAND. OR,, and «hort
rail 'line from Portland to all points Cast.
Through tickets to all points, all rail or steam-
ship and rail. *t LOWEST R E9. Steamer
tickets Include \?rth and meals. Steamer sails
foot of Spear su at 11 a. m. 8. F. BOOTH.
Gen. Agt. Pass. Dept., 1 Montgomery St.: C.
CLIFFORD, Gen. Agt. Freight Dept.. 3 -Mont-
gomery St.
toyo;k!sen kaisha,
(ORIENTAX. STEAMSHIP CO.>
Steaacers will leave wharf, corner Flret andi
Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.. for YOKOHAMA
and Hongkong, calling at Kobe (Hlogo). Naga-
saki . and Shanghai, and connecting at Hong-
kong with steamer* for India, etc. Nj cargo
received on board on day of sailing.
8. S. AMERICA MARU .-
Monday, January 23. 1904
8. 8. HONGKONG MARU „..
Wednesday. February IT. 1904
8. B. NIPPON MARU -
Tuesday. March IS. 1904
Via Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at r»dnc«4
rates. For freight and passage apply at Com-
pany's office. 421 Market street, corner Flmt.
-v, . W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
¦ : •
©ccaDiCd.s.c©.
B S SONOMA, for Honolulu, Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney. Thursday. Jan. 21 2 p. m.
R q ALAMEDA, for Honolulu. Jan. 3O_ 11 a.m.
8". S'. MAR1PO3A. far Tahiti. Fsb. W. 13O4.
aJ^Sl*CK.W.Isti.Wil5r3a,I43Iirte1|
M^tUkuna brttlUfSff b. 7.fid&ll
C0XPA65IZ SZaxaiLX TajLHSATLAlfnQTn.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. jnam*S*
Bailing every Thunday Instead of •g*?!^
Saturday, at 10 «.¦ m.. *rora Plw 42. m^*^r
North Rlrer. foot of Morton street.
First clan to Havre. $70 and. upward Sec-
ond class to Havre. $43 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UN1TF.D STATES AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson Building).
New Tork. J. F. FUOAZI * CO., Pacific Coast
Agents. 3 Montgomery avenu*. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
WUf I»l»Mid and YaUe}o St*>mcr».
Steamer GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO—
9:43 a. m.. 3:15 and 8:30 p. m., except Sunday.
Sunday. »:45 *. m.. 8:30 p. m. .Leav* Vallejo
7 a. m.. 12:30 and 8 p. m.. ex. Sunday. Sun-,
day. 7 a. m.. 4:1a p. m. Fars»'6O cents. TeL
Main 1503, Pier 2, UUslon-iC. dock. MATCH 1
BSOS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE EMPOBITJM. I THEEMP0BIT7M. I THE EMPORIUM. . I ' THE EMPORIUM
i ) See "The Blacksmith" one oj the •- world's most famous paintings— now } on free exhibition in art room, |
| Annual S^#e HiBm®i&$B*m^ifamgB This Week I
$ The Every- January Event, that each year gives a. vivid illustration of The Emporium's leader- |
j: ship as outfitters of homes/is now in progress. More than ever is it typical of the up-to-date j
j: merchandising methods which at all times enable us to undersell any store on the Pacific Coast. §
£ Furniture savings are *4 to Ys on our regular department store prices on many items. Carpet |
£; savings are 20c to 30c a/yard on several of the best standard makes. Crockery and Kitchen- *
| ware' sayings average 33s per cent. A very few prices are quoted to illustrate these facts: |
£ Furniture * Carpets Crockery -Kitchen*/ are %
U $5.00 Kill Chairs. . . .$3.!5 .'50 Mahogany Divan. $38.65 Th"n week— choice of our entire line of Bigelow-Lowell, 35c Cake Platej [9 C Jj. 50 Goj Heaten. . .$195 Jf
tt $1 75 Rcckers $190 5i5 Iron Btd. . . . $1I8> Whittalii and Worceitsr Body Brutieli, which we sell 50c Salad D'ihei '. . . . 29c 50c Nickel Cuipidors . . 36c 5
£ ii'z.SO Library Tables..^ &g PiT ' 0T ° h * T ' g/ll «"d |,. 5J t y.rd-.ewed, f _ 30c Cu,pidon. . ...21c | 3 . 5 o Carpet S«reepen..$L97 J
*, * 5 • J n $80 Davenport ... $64-00. lined and Uid for . ... . . . . . . SfimZsO 6 Bread and Butter Plates. 48c $ 3. 00 Wringer*. . . .$1.93 $
» Ji. S o Costumer.. . . 80c }i -. 5O i ron Brd. . . -$li.83 * choice of 40 pattirnt, Smith «ni otuer relvet c.rcett, regu- EntraTed Tumbler^ dox. . 65c Gai Radiator* . . $2.96 -g
k = f 4 . 00 Rattan Rockers.. $2.45 ? 4 8. 50 Fold ng Bed . $33.8 ) larly h-re $1.15 a yard-untU closing tine Saturday 6 Tea Cup* and Saucer* . 55c $1.50 Gas Orens . . .$1.29 %
*. And many other bargains. \ nighr, jewed, Uned ani laid for . .... . .$1,08 And many, many other reductions ~S
I $1 -^, G^f $1 \ /na t-fZ^^^Z£f' n I Bead Chains 95c |
| . Wednesday Only «J^#^#« «^ Off GZl O« Genuine Indian Mako %
ft High class kid gloves for street dress and iPfll#r"«^ Wnnth £9 nn anri <so xn r*>~h *
I theater wearat one-third off their. reg- Worth From $6.00 to $8.50 ™™ *f*° ana * 2 -f° J
I ular price, is to day's attractive' offer- . One Hundred and Fittv New Skirts- We , h^ ve special purchase of 400 |
| ing from the C love^ department. ,=^ " LadiS^and m*£? \JnZh*ns to of R °P e B u ead Chain s, which we guaran- -J
$ There are 600 pairs in all,: made . .ff\ Jj Indies 1 ) made oi fir SJ mixtarS ™ genuine Indian make and I
K of ¦ excellent ¦ kid skins ¦ ninue and ff \ \\ J • u / , L • Ju- worth'^2.00 and each. • They are £
& . or excellent mu sKins, . pique anu \n\ \ \\^ and man nish effect c bths in the two varrk inntrnnH thpr^ ic * ,«r,r u,« a 2
*f ovcrscam sewing, m such colors as beavers, | \ An ,, o ,,; i,t«t O ci« nt . ;„ , n i;^ ,«u« yaras long ana tnere is a very large .;
|* ' tans. gray., oxblood., navy and black, two \ 1 ufZl 1?! Tw ' J I ! f aSSOrtment of Color S and combinations J
% patent c!«. P ,; inst«d of^,. 5 o^ # Wf% ' ;|| brovvn, blue and black. Every one of of colors; on special sale Wed-' O ff-* I
I Lair, to-day. .; . $1.OO W - these skirts is perfectly cut and nesday only, each. . . . . . .95C j
\ ™ MainAisUSalcsVobU. \\\\ «" well tailored, _and not one _ ; __ j
I FiannBaBtteS&ie /ML • uKM: ' up to^SO; special sale 8B0 and $1 Values '5
J Fancy figured flannelettes smooth cashmere / // / | |«%\ M oitj QC Jlf Purchased at an extmordi- 5
5 finish quality, light, medium and dark col- \J I I I iV \\m 7 93a9O f $*+i9O J%*J£ n * r ¦ . A . 5
I . or.. p«.«n,.of do,,. .Tipc^d figure.; . «,„„ w , w • . «« /^ThK Z T """ "' '
Iff large variety of colorings arid designs to choose " > * 3 ' 00 wool Waists J 1.75— (..^ ,'\ ; :K sold to-day at a little more 3»
JC from; suhabe for ladies 1 : house dresses,-, wrap. - Beginning to-day and during week,, while quan- l'.'}'/\ "¦Ik than half real value. They %
,«£ pers, waists, etc.; and for children's garments; tity lasts, . several hundred fine wool .waists; all f.& %]} III ft are" made of striped and 5
H regularly ,. ioc and 12 i^c per yard rfp^ of^them the new 1904 styles; made of good k& r. WR; figured flannelette,' with S
>K quality; Wednesday only OC F^nch and Botany flannels (a few of fine cashimre), colors wh'tr, Kiji f».' W/j' wide shawl borders of Solid «
;|-— : . ' m K^n^^^^^^ RaEftf colors^vorthSScandJlOO :*
$ Kimona Cloths 15c $#* • • • - • .. • */- 73 mHfr- v^ ; cn^^ a f m °jfife %
$ Hundreds of new styles of Kimona Cloths Oiearanoe Sate Bargains j[
JT in Satin Stripe effect, also the heavy I" with cleararxe we offer new walking ,uiti- f?*l#»O#» f7#* TV» 5
£ German eiderdown; in Persian and rich J» ' * %\f BO $\ lo S %%%'oo - I * aCOfl ' *° * O-t8ay *
* garnetstripesjelegantand useful fabrics, WM^W^I^. $ '" S ** S '™ *« *— Bacon, Wednesday and Th^ay, *
k ' .. very low. priced at, yard . . >.<§ES^. <o oo r aO e« *« nn t-t > n r Jn -, « f7 «s *. I*G «J
\$i . ...-¦.. - ... . . iog rfX ::::$$%?, . l t ;t'l%;.::3&:U i!i&$^W&^W&igfi s
;S ent Styles Of new Spring ginghams, * lg - oa Neck FlgC;! S12.00 * 5 *-5° Neck P,ecr«. $35.00 p.unei-Extra Sanu Clara, ' tcHla^ fni ThurrfaVf 3 X
If - finest American goods, in light, medium _ . _ _- t poundi . 2So '2
at and dark colors staple striped and . RemnailiS \ PB*IC& 5fSS °' ™£L \
| checked designs; also in fancy |9/ fi Silks and Dress Goods Red Cr3S1 Geae " G^iii S V«.~ bo^ iif S S
!» plaids; per yard- . . ... . I&2* 0 olfH * a«» urG3S ixuous Thursday ; . .qso *
i* ' A large assortment. in desirable lengths; silk rem- Poit:r—B:it domestic, to-day and Thmdar, dot. 51,0s X
! i Mpmjf Qo#9#wc f£Sf* nants suitable for shirt waists, etc., and dr_>ss goods Brown ' s CeleT * to<HV**te-To.i* 7 and Thursday, bottle *
g "*? W o « .^ „ remnants in suit and skirt^engths in black and K.nWcky Wile' BouVbon->«V ?S |
jk- Song Recitals Dally colors,'- on special sale- to-day (Wednesday) only Thunday, bottle . .... 6 ff «, J
% Every .afternoon this week at 2, 2:30, 3, at orc ' haiy o8>> — 1— |
% I 3:30 and 4ro?d6ck-in.- the music depart- (L , j» STf" TlSSUB Paper Shades *
•f ment, second -floor/ a popular soloist J^s Jl* f i •¦ Special Sale To-dav ' 5
I will sing Lee Johnsoix's Indian love son g, ±SffPjLvfUj / l(tfjLiIJhFf Lar^ e variet y of tissue P a P er candle shades 5
J Ramona," and his ballad, "Alone." *T M £ l^A^ i MMtJU WSjhllj^ several different designs and colors- iust *5
I These songs on special sale this week, CAur 0RN us largest^ V **=* the artide for cande i abra " regS 25c *
*r eac ' 1 • • • • 18c jji'l'JI '» 1 in 1 1 1 1 each; Wednesday only 13c *
H \&3tE5£'w4toL. -^ Million American Beauties 8
H ii^^S^^R^S^S SR keep their blood purer, their com- |
H EfcjgPffijj m* plexion soft and elear, their I
H <l *^l^^^|a^^SBg|jWA'^ breath eweet and their whole |
H bodies active and healthy with g
H gSJLHdmffiffraffi CASOABETS Candy Cathartic. I
9 JSkS^S^^^^^^-^H^m^L ThequickeffectsofOASOARETS |
H a" system cleaners and blood El
M »P» purifiers; their promptness in If
H 'IHy^ .-3MHb V curing^ pimples, boils, blotches, |
M weir Ainffin] liver spots, blackheads, and in |
H /J9^<~ iK>. Mmfsmt'' sweetening: a tainted breath, |
ffl MB' '^SiJ^r^^ Wr have become known through tho H
1 '^a kind words of ladies who have K
m %MsL • 9 ¦ tried them. Hence the sale of B
2 Kik O^I^W^ OVER A MILLION BOXES A 1
H ' v ldQ&2$Bi£si MONTH. Tho quickest, eurest m
n ft^JK^JH^HaalS^S^/ ' '¦ way to beauty is to cleanse the f
j JffiHnKLTJTj^ blood, for Beauty's Blood Deep, fc
H The first rule for purifyinsr the m
m r fi^^t-^^fj^lS^ blood is to keep the bowels free, ffl
§| r /^MpX^ ffently but positively with CAS- if
H wSJt-sS CARETS. Alldrugfflsts,lOc,25o, M
M f "THmy mak» mm . . 50a Never sold In bulk. The ff en- |
m ' rr '-,.//. f eel *° good." , uine tablet stamped OOO. Sam-; I
m '' : f '* » Pl° a^d booklet free. "Address
m - / . STERLINQ REMEDY COMPANY, Chicago or New York.
iflr i^^^Bv JTM& ' J^^^^L i^B^ *^^f l^^few
rnnn'TTr ¦iiniiiJiffi 1^^
(ANNUAL SALE -TEN RalLLION BOXES
¦¦¦mi. QreatestjIrilttielWorld W Jsold the machines as a member of Con
gress, but thought the company em
ployed him because he was an ener
getic salesman. The defense set up that
Driggs did not know he was violating
the law.
Driggs was taken to jail, and the
Sheriff decided that the terms of the
sentence would be complied with by de
taining the prisoner only until mid
night.
LONDON, Jan.- 12. — August Rodin,
the. French sculptor/ was received by
King Edward at Buckingham Palace
to-day. M. Rodin is in London in
connection with thfe opening of the
exhibition of the International Society
of.- Sculptors, Painters and Engravers,
to preside over which he was elected
on the. death, of .'James McNeill Whist
ler. The exhibition was publicly
opened to-dav. It mostly consists of
.work'. ' previously. ; shown, . ., Including
v three\Whistlers, lone of which; is un
.flrilshed-i , - •••..' ':;"¦¦¦ ';•• ¦'¦¦ '¦'.' "¦-.*•.
Atwnist ., Rodin :'Ot Paris Is Shown
Many Attentions at Buckingham
Palace . by, . Edward VII.
FRENCH SCULPTOR IS * '
r .;-,* -¦;.;.: -.received by king
'Bacon said that 1 his purpose' was to
prevent an outbreak" on the part of the
Coloihbians and he ' believed rttiat for
us to take the initiative In. tfiis matter
would aid materially in accomplishing
that end. He was willing to compen
sate Colombia- to 'avert wai*;-
. Sjjooner said, that if this country had
hot committed Questionable acts there
was nothing to" negotiate.
' Hale said he believed negotiations
•were now in progress in the direction
indicated by the Bacon resolution.
Spooner declared that the stage for
the recognition* of claims on the part
of Colombia .had passed and that the
only way to accomplish the purpose
sought \ was through the republic of
Pa'nama." ' It' would' be entirely proper
Tor the United. States to offer Its good
offices as'between Colombia and* Pan
ama. He made an argument for delay
in such declaration as the resolution
contemplated, saying that . we did not
even know what Colombia wanted. The
Senate could not afford to act Upon
newspaper reports. The resolution was
premature. . ¦ v ;- -
Taking up Spooner's suggestion of
offering srood offices on the part of the
United States as between Panama and
Colombia Hale Indorsed It. saying that
he would-be willing not only to do that,
but to guarantee any pledge of con
firmation that Panama might make.
Further consideration of the resolu
tion was deferred until to-morrow, with
the understanding that the question
shall be taken,, up after the disposal
of the Carmack resolution for investi
gation of the affairs of the Postofflce
Department.
The Senate then at 5:15 adjourned.
A long debate over cloture* followed,
during which Aldrich expressed the
opinion that the peculiar conditions at
present existing call for prompt action.
He based his argument on the ground
that .tj»e resolution Is _ calculated to
cause a misunderstanding in Colombia.
Hepburn then suggested that the
whole matter should be deferred until
there had been a definite statement of
claims, as under the present circum
stances it would be difficult to deter
mine what was to be arbitrated.
WOULD PAY COLOMBLX.
Teller contended that the course pro
posed in the Bacon resolution was per
fectly proper. It was only a sugges
tion, and all must admit the right of
the Senate to make such. a suggestion.
As to Foraker's statement that no
wrong had been done in Panama, Teller
said that he would refer him to the
declarations of Hoar as made by him
In the Senate last month.
Teller took issue with Spoorier on his
position that our intervention in the
Panama affair was not an act of war,
and said if it was not such an act
this circumstance was due to' Colom
bia's feebleness. •
new Government, but it would encour
age a hope in Co-lombia that ultimate
ly it must be overturned. He expressed
surprise that Senators should predict
war at a time so critical. Such utter
ances were very dangerous, and if
"there was not war between the United
States and Colombia it would not be
the fault of some gentlemen here at
home."
lie considered that the troops of. the
United States were where they ought
tt/ be and where they should have been
even if there was no treaty. It was
the duty of the Government of Colom
bia under her suarj^itee to have fore
seen and prepared against insurrection.
But when Colombia failed it was the
duty of "the United States to protect
the transit.
WARLIKE. SAYS TELLER.
tors, but he considered the Bacon reso
lution pregnant of possibilities of dan
ger, and in no wise calculated to do
2Tood. The resolution In effect, he said,
charges that we have committed an
act of war against Colombia, but Co
lombia herself does not say so. and
that republic maintains its diplo
matic relations with this country. Yet
the independence of Panama had been
fully recognized not only by the United
States But by other countries as well.
The resolution could not overturn the
Ecclcsiastlcnl Province Is Proposed.
ROME, Jan. 12. — The Congregation
of the Propaganda will sopn be called
upon to discuss the> problem of con
verting Newfoundland Into an ecclesi
astical province. At present the dio
cese of Harbor Grace and St. John's
and the apostolic vicariate of St.
George are immediately subject to the
Holy See. The congregation will also
discuss* the creation of a new diocese
at Joliette. Canada.
"How is it we hear from Loomis and j
Bunau Varilla and Senatorial expound- t
ers only on one side of this question?]
The United States guarantees 'sover- j
eignty as well as free transit."
Spooner said he did not doubt the j
patriotism of Bacon or of other Sena- i
Lodge cited precedents to show that
in 1900, 1901 and 1902 the United States
had followed the same course as at
present and that troops had been sent
to Panama to prevent attacks on either
side and to maintain free transit and
protect American interests.
Daniel read opinions from several
Secretaries of State that it is the un
doubted duty of the Colombian Gov
ernment to protect the isthmian rail
road from the attack of rebels, and that
the United States guarantees the sov
ereignty over the isthmus, and he
asked :
WASHINGTON; Jan. 12.— For over
five hours to-day the Senate* debated
the Panama Question, and it was still
under consideration when the Senate
adjourned. Thf discussion arose over
a resolution looking to the arbitration
of Colombia's claims on account of the
Panama revolution. It was introduced
early In the day by Bacon and was met
promptly by a motion on the part of
Lodge to table it.
This motion aroused the feeling of
Senators on the Democratic side, who
construed the motion as intended to
cut off debate, and they said they would
debate the Panama question on some
other resolution If not on this. Finally
Lodge consented to withdraw his mo
tion, and the discussion proceeded
throughout the day, with the under
standing that it should be renewed
again to-morrow.
Republican Senators in their speeches
referred to the resolution as a confes
sion of wrong on the part of the United
States, and expressed the opinion that
any agitation of the question at this
time would give undue encouragement
to the people of Colombia and misrep
resent the attitude of this country.
Bacon disavowed any such intention
and said that he accepted the revolu
tion as an accomplished fact.
A ready response to this pronounce
ment came from Hale, and during the
course of the debate he and Bacon
practically agreed on a declaration,
which Hale intimated he would offer
to-morrow in the Senate. Other Repub
lican Senators indicated an unwilling
ness to accept any measure looking to
an Interference with executive negotia
tions, while the Democratic Senators
also intimated objections on other
grounds.
LODGE CITES PRECEDENT.
Spoom-r Charges Democratic
Senators With Bad Faith
and With Trying to Create
111 Feeling in Colombia
Driggs was convicted of having, after
being elected but before taking his seat
In Congress, secured for the Brandt-
Dent Company a contract whereby that
concern sold to the Postoffice Depart
ment 250 of its automatic cashie^. The
company received 5150 for each .ma
chine, and Driggs' share was $50 for
each machine, or $12,500 in all. Driggs
on the stand testified that this $12,500
was paid him by the Brandt-Dent Com
pany, not only for selling machines to
the Postoffice Department, but to the
trade generally. He said that he never
NEW YORK, Jan. 12. — Ex-Con
gressman -Edmund H. Driggs of
Brooklyn was to-day sentenced to Im
prisonment for one day in Raymond
street jail and* to a fine of $10,000.
Driggs was convicted of . accepting
money while a Congressman-elect for
securing a Government contract for
the purchase of the automatic cashiers
from the Brandt-Dent Company for
the Postofflce Department., There will
be no appeal. /
The statute under which Driggs was
convicted, section 1782 of the Revised
Statutes, holds that any member of
Congress who between the time of his
election and the expiration of his- term
of office accepts compensation for pro
curing a contract between the United
States and a corporation »or private
party is guilty of a misdemeanor. The
maximum penalty for the crime is two
years in prison and a $10,000 fine.
Driggs' fine was paid immediately- after
sentence was pronounced, Driggs and
his attorney saying that they Indorsed
the statement by th^e court that an
honorable man would have no desire to
retain moneys secured under such cir
cumstances. Driggs was not taken to
the jail directly. He does not lose his
citizenship by the conviction, but can
not hold office again in the Federal
Government.
: WASHINGTON, Jan. 12..— The trial
of August W. Machen, the Groff
brothers and Dr. and Mrs. George E.
Lorenz for complicity in the postal
frauds, b'egan'iri earnest, to-day. At
the outset the' Government scored two
points when Justice Pritchard re
fused to make a ruling requiring the
District Attorney -to select a specific
count of the" indictment under which
the defendants would- -be A tried, and
also when he permitted -certain peo
ple to_remain in court "after, witnesses
had, been requested fo retire. '• Six wit
nesses were examined, all of them in
the employ of the Postofflce'- Depart
ment. Except in the case; of Witness
How. ley,-, chief clerk of .the, office ' of
the. , 'First Assistant t Postmaster Gen
eral, the testimony was devoid of any
feature., '.Mr. Howley, ,who had not
concluded, his testimony; when court
adjourned for "'the day, \vas rfgldly
cross-examined by" Kumler of counsel
for the Liorenzes. He' admitted that
frequently ?If happened ..that Machen's"
initials and signatures 1 were placed on
letters,, orders arid requisitions by his
•subordinates. •-¦'>> -
The phenomenon was accompanied by
a fall of snow, while a pall of sable
clouds enveloped all thoroughfares and
buildings. Street car and wagon traffic
was considerably hampered. Even
greater difficulty was encountered by
the throngs of pedestrians, who strug
gled as best they could along the slip
pery walks in the absence of street
lamps.
CHICAGO, Jan. 12.— Hundreds of pas
sengers on incoming trains here to-day
were startled by a sudden plunge into
midnight darkness. The transition from
broad daylight seemed immediate and
complete, as if the rush was into a tun
nel under a mountain. The blackness
extended in a circle from the center of
the city, the radius being a distance o^
several miles. The duration was over
an hour. Unusual atmospheric condi
tions aggravated by smoke were gen
erally accepted as the cause.
Minister Conger requested the Chi
nese Government to suppress the ban
dits, but his request was apparently
without result. Secretary Wilson, af
ter a week's investigation, made per
sonally, effected an arrangement with
the officials of the district, who prom
ised to protect the converts provided
that Minister Conger cease com-»
plaints.
PEKING, Jan. 13. — Missionaries ot
the .American Board of Foreign Mis
sions have complained strongly- ¦ to
United States Minister Conger th^t
their converts in trm district of. Pao
tinjffu were beingr robbed by bandits.
A reign of terror has prevailed In the
district. The local officials said they
feared to act. Several Christian con
verts who refused to pay blackmail
were tortured. Their legs were
broken and some died from thetc In
juries.
LODGE ATTEMPTS TO
SHUT OFF DEBATE
Six Employes of Government
/Are' Xxamined, but Their
Testimony Is Unimportant
Pedestrians Struggle Along the
Slippery Thoroughfares and
"Wagon Traffic Is Hampered
American Diplomatist Requests
Imperial Government to Take
Action, but Without Success
Defendant Convicted of Ac
cepting; Bribe to Aid Sale
of ° Devices to Government
MONEY IS PAID AT ONCE
EXILING IS UNFAVORABLE
CRUELTIES TO VICTDIS
Bacon Rouses Administration
Defenders by Proposing: Meas
ure for the Arbitration
of Colombia's Panama Claims
The most unfortunate of all the ex
isting faulty conditions in Alaskav the
report says, are the poor transporta-,
tion facilities. The' committee calls
attention to the; fact 'that' Congress
has provided a' good. government" for
the district of Alaska, but substantial
legislation calculated ' to aid the ~ peo-;
pie* in the development of "great areas
of gold ; and copper producing terri
tory is needed/ 'Outside the 'few and
Fcattered settlements called towns;
most of which are only the centers of
mining interests,, there Is not; to be
found a single public wagon road over
which vehicles can' be drawn, summer
or winter. In that connection '," the
committee , says: 'The [• development
of Alaska depends more. oh the-:inv
provement of^ transportation facilities
than on any .other; one.
ity. ,. Substantially „ everything.* 'con^
sumed by : the ' people'and . everything;
requiredto cafry on business must be
brought in; from, the_ outslde. ; The^in'
nctivity of our Governrhenti is maiil-.
fest... It ;has done nothing /jto. # Telteve
this condition. The "actidri'of the;Do'-j
TRANSPORTATION FAULTY.
The next largest field of production
is undoubtedly that of Southeastern
Alaska, where "quartz mining has been
carried on many years, and where
there are established some of the larg
est stampmills in the world. The Ju
neau district, which includes, Silver
Bow Basin and Douglass Island and the
Treadwell mines, has long been noted
for its output, and in recent years the
Ketchikan district has been rapidly
coming to the ftfmt. The latter in
cludes the Prince of Wales Island, Re
"vlUagegido Island and many smaller
ones, as well as a part of the main
land.
The third field; in point of produc
tion at the present time, but one which
has potential possibilities in the fu
ture, is what is generally termed- the
Yukon district. It may be described as
extending from the International boun
dary line, between Alaska and the Brit
ish territory. * westerly as far as the
Tanana River, a distance of 500 or, 600
miles, and from the, Yukon River
(which at one point touches. the Arctic
Circle) southwardly to Menlasta Pass.
QUARTZ MINES FLOURISH.
The production of gold in Alaska,
with some fluctuation, has steadily in
creased since 1898, when it amounted
to onTy $2,51T,121.^ In. 1902 it reached
the sum of $8,345,800. Silver has been
produced only in limited quantities' and
other mineral products, while reported,
have not yet been extensively exploited.
The largest amount of gold . has un
doubtedly come from Seward Penin
sula, of which Nome is the principal
settlement. In, the immediate vicinity
of this city are found deposits of the
richest character, and which have as
yet been but partially worked. The'
entire territory for several miles around
has been taken up and staked off. In
other sections of the peninsula, notabiy
in the Council City district, are found
large areas of low grade earth, which,
is now being handled ' with modern
methods with great profit. Nome also
has cheap transportation. Provisions
are laid down there as cheap as they
can be purchased in Seattle, Portland
or San Francisco plus an ocean freight
rate with strong competition. The min
ers there have that advantage over
those in the distant Interior. The re
sult of that advantage is the develop
ment of large low grade ground
throughout the Seward Peninsula.
Moreover, by reason of cheap freights
modern heavy machinery has been
brought in, pumping stations erected
and all modern devices adopted to pro
duce gold economically and in large
quantities. It was expected that nearly
$5,000,000 in value of this metal would
be shipped from Nome the present sea
son.
GOLD OUTPUT GROWS.
The report says that the great wealth
to be derived In the herring, cod arid
halibut fisheries of Alaska is little com
prehended, because few have sought it.
The committee predicts that the annual
catch of cod can be made to exceed
that of Newfoundland or any other
part of the world. Whether the climatic
conditions of the region, which militate
against the successful curing of flsh,
can be overcome has not been fully de
termined.
A statement of the receipts and ex
penditures of the general Government
since Alaska became part of the' United
States shows a^roflt to the Government
of nearly $1,000,000. The report says
that in 1902 the output of canned
salmon from Alaska was 2,631,320 cases,
valued at about $8,K)00,000, from which
the Government derived a revenue of
$105,255. The committee recommends
that some provision be made for propa
gating salmon in sufficient quantities
to insure the permanency of the sup
ply. The present law requiring the es
tablishment of a hatchery by each com
pany and the planting of ten red salmon
for each red salmon caught, the report
says, cannot be enforced without great
and disproportionate expense — an ex
pense greater than the profits of the
business will warrant. It is suggested
that hatcheries., be established by the
•general Government at as many places
as may be f6und necessary, the greater
expense to be laid on those in the
salmon industry, in proportion to the
amount of the respective product of
each concern.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 12.— Senator
Beveridge, from the Committee on Ter
ritories, introduced in the Senate \to
day the report of a sub-committee, con
sisting of Senators Dillingham, Burn
ham, Nelson and Patterson, which vis
ited Alaska during the last summer
and made a thorough investigation of
existing conditions, resources and leg
islative needs of the Territory. .The
committee visited Metlakatla, Ketchi
kan, Fort Wrangel, Juneau, Douglass
Island and then the Treadwell mines,
Haines Mission, where the Government
is now establishing a military po3t;
Skagway, White Pass, Lake Lebarge,
Lewes River, Dawes, St. Michael, Eagle
City, Fort Yukon, Circle City. Ram
part, Fort Gibson, Nome, St. Paul Isl
and, the headquarters of the sealing
industry; Dutch Harbor, Unalaska.
Karluk, Kodiak, Valdez and Sitka. As
a result of the inquiries the committee
has made many recommendations tp
Congress. . .• . ;
RECEIPTS FROM ALASKA.
"The business of Alaska is carried
on by citizens of 'the United .States.
It.' Is claimed by them to be now a
'white man's country.' To all Intents
and purposes such is the fact. In every
contest for gain the white man has
been the gainer. . Poverty extreme and
pitiable prevails among the natives
and develop^ their tendency to dis
ease. Death is ever present at their
doors. Justice ' and 'humanity alike
demand legislation for their relief."
The necessity, pf rendering . some
support to the native population is
felt by the cpmmittee, which s'ays. of
these Esquimaux and India* 13 - .
"Hunters by nature and habit, and
able and willing before the influx of
the whites to care for themselves, they
are." through the gaxne- laws, . who.lly
deprived of their chief means of main
tenance. Why they should be depriv
ed of their immemorial right to hunt
at, will passes the comprehension- of
the committee. The first ' measure
for the relief of the natives, particu
larly the Esquimaux a + nd Aleuts, should
be the absolute repeal of thi game
laws in so far as their 'provisions pre
vent ; hunting "and trapping by abor
igines and natives and the sale of
skins so taken. The 'deplorable con
dition of these classes, is , such as <to
demand other and further relief at
the hands of Congress-
PLEA FOR THE NATIVES.
The recommendation of; the commit
tee regarding the policy of the Govera
ment on the f ur, seal islands [ in, Alaska
provides that.ajl killing be t stopped next
season and. that the Government ne-.
gotiate with Great Britain, Japan and
Russia for protection of the herd from
pelagic sealing, j If- negotiations fail,
the Government shquld reduce the fe
male herd to. 10,000/ '
5 It is recommended that the Govern^
ment improve the hai-bor at St. Michael
in order to permit unobstructed pas
sage to the mouth of the Yukon;
also that improvements be made at the
mouth of the Snake River, in order to
permit the safe landing of passengers
to Nome. .
Alaska is divided into three Judicial
districts. The committee says that on
account of the great size of these dis
tricts and poor transportation, facilir
ties it is practically impossible in some
sections to get justice. A fourth judicial
district is recommended.
The committee says the general opin
ion among all classes is, that Alaska
should be represented by a delegate in
Congress. In a number of sections of
Alaska the committee encountered ag
itation for. the establishment terri
torial government and the election of
an assembly. This is not recommended
by the committee, however, as from the
best data it obtained ihe\ cpmmltt'ee be
lieves the permanent white population
of- Alaska to-day will not exceed 20,000.
REPEAL. GAME .IiAWS.
HAltBOR ; IMPROVEMENTS.
Among the important changes^ asked
is that there be required a -certain
amount of . assessment work on each
mining claim staked. out as a prerequis
ite to the^ rijjht to have the_ claim .re
corded;, .that 'the assessment VTOTK. t6
b'e done on each claim during. e'ach'su 6'^
sequent ."calendar; ypar -shaU i^>e largely
increased(Jn , ai^o'unt^and that, no iper
son shall ibe : allowed ; to ' stake out- ox,
locate •pr,h6ld'excep / t by purchase more
than one mining '; .plaim. . on the same
creek..-' ¦':-.•'•',•¦¦'¦.'•¦"•;: : .-;".'5**^>.-''-. •¦ ' . \ '.":'
¦ The /committee is of the iopinion
that . great obligation rests^ on the
United, States to" adopt a> system^ of
wagon i-oads for the" relief of miners
in the American territory. • It says 'a
well ; constructed wagon rrtad, should
connect the waters of. the Pacific with
those of the .Yukon" at Eagle.' The dis
tance'.is about 400 miles. 1 " With this
road built? Eagle,;; by. reason of her
location, v should be ,|the
point for, American -goods J? r ;^ Kreat
portion of th^jYukonlbas.Jh.^ '".^ i ,
The 'report: says' so .many and vary
ing a^ih^^aB^s^pf^tfc^^urid^r the
mining ;iaw^that^the eofnmlttee 'made
a gene^lr.imjesfiai^atip^i of". complaints
and : rfecortimeSds''" amfndmen^s to the
laws. c . . " '. -r. -.« ..-v ¦•¦¦• :
As soon as gold was discovered, in
the region, of the Klondike the" Dbr
minion Government immediately be-,
gan the construction of- roads leading
from. Dawson to the camps. It *novv
has 225 miles of thoroughly;^bullt
roadways, over which the .heaviest'
freighting is done. The results are Jn T
dicated by the, fact that in 1902/ when
the Canadian-Yukon miner could
have flour delivered to him at $'S 'per
#iundVed pounds the American miner
at Chicken Creek had to pay $32., In
the summer of 1903, when the Cana
dian, paid- $7^50 for his ; flour. ,.ht9
American friend <was paying $18.';The
difference in the price of ham and ba
con.in .the two places was -.nearly : 23
cent^ per pound. The price of con
densed cream, was doubled- to the
Americans;' the same was true of
onions, whije the price of potatdes was
three times as great- to the Americans;
What, is tnue- of: thisidistfictis-equal
ly true.of the Copper River yalksy, the,
Tanana, the Koyukuk and other • gold
fields before mentioned." /':*¦ •
AVAGOX ROADS NEEDED. '
minion Government has been in
marked contrast to the inaction of the
United States.
CANADA IS ACTIVE.
CLOUDS IX THE STREETS
Defendants in Postal Cases
in Vain Try to Have Wit
nesses Excluded Prom Boom
Passengers Arriving 1 at Chicago
Depots Experience a Sudden
Change From Light to Gloom
Court Inflicts Heavy Penalty
on Ex-Con^i-essman for His
Corrupt Acts While in Office
Missionaries in China Com
plain to the United States
Minister That Terror Prevails
Senate Committee WiliPresenta^Report Rec
ommending Improvement of Roadways
and 1 Betterment, of - Country and'Natives
HOT DEBATE
0N PANAMA
RESOLUTION
MACHEN LOSES
FIRST POINTS
TRAINS DASH
TO DARKNESS
IN JAIL A DAI;
FINED $10,000
BANDITS ROB
THE CONVERTS
ALASKA'S DEVELOPMENT
PROJECT OF CONGRESS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', ; - WEDNESDAY, ; * JANUARY 13. 1904.
, PHOENIX.- A. TV. Jan.'-'12.— Upon this initia
tive of .the, Woman's ,Club .ot Phoenix, .which
took, up.- the matter a year. *gp. Andrew Carne-
Ki«'s library secretary has announced that *a
$25,000 .Carnegie library- will b« built. in. Phofe
nlx.« If - th» . municipal ! authorities -comply^ with
the , usual ¦ requirement*. *#^8S3&-*S8&-Jfe*M* : '*
BRYAX VISITS CONGRESS.
Xebraskan Tells Committee of' the
Need of Legation Buildings.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 12.— William
J. Bryan was in the House of'Repre
sentatives to-day, where he met and
shook hands with*, a number of his
former colleague's.. He discussed with
members- of the Committee on For
eign Affairs the need of the possession
by. this Government of . permanent le
gation buildings at- foreign capitals.
The< Importance of having- a legation
permanently- located in ; one place im
pressed "him" with the .urgent need of
the purchase by. the Government of
appropriate buildings. . \ . .
Mr. Bryan also visited the Senate.
Practically all the Democrats and
many of the Republicans met him In
the lobby; He stated' that if any one
had. quoted . him , as : favoring,, .. any
particular, for * the Presi
dency it -was without- author* ty. -'•'- —
Congressional Legislation Proposed in
Accordance W'iUi Sena te Report.
WASHINGTON, >*Jan. 12:— Senator
Nelson introduced bills providing leg
islation for Alaska, in conformity
with .recommendations by a special
committee from the Committee on
Territories, which visited Alaska last
summer. ' These ; bills provide for .. an
additional Judge for^Alaska; \ for the
construction and 'maintenance ' of
roads '•¦ and the establishment and
maintenance of" schools and the
care 'and support of ,.'., insane
and destitute persons;;" amending and
codifying the" laws relating, to;munici
pal corporations; v; providing forf the
election : of" a delegate to the House of
Representatives; ¦ amending the " act
defining: andVpunishing, crime,,' and
providing- a .code •' of criminal/pro
cedure." •;¦' '.* ',-.".'". '.¦:.".. ' : . ; . v ' '-•'."'*?¦"
CARIXG FOR ALASKA.
6
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are for
sale by druggists everywhere at 50
cents a box. and if you are afflicted
with" dyspepsia one box will make you
feel fifty times better. You will forgot
you have a stomach and rejoice in the
forgetful ness. No druggist would be so
short-sighted 'as to try to pet along
without Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets, fpx
they are so popular and are so well
known for the good they have done and
the happiness they have caused that
any druggist caught without.' them
would lose the confidence of his cus-
tomers and be regarded as below the
Etandard. His business would Suffer as
a result and his patrons would go to
other stores and buy their drugs there,
ib wr 11 ! e s thei r St v art's Dj'sf e^sia Tab-
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets by thus
relieving the stomach of its work enable
that organ to 'rest and recuperate and
regain its- health and strength. The
process is perfectly natural and plain.
Nature will heal the stomach Just as
she heals a wound or a broken limb if
she Is not interfered with and is per-
mitted to do her work In her own way.
All interference is prevented by Stu-
art's Dyspepsia Tablets.
Yon Arc Certain to tos^ If You^ At-
tempt the tse of, Force and VJolence.
You cannot' force -your, stomach to :db
work that it Is unable and unwilling to!
do. It has been tried time and. 'again, ]
with always the same result Th^tftom- j
ach is a srood and faithful servant, but ¦
when pushed beyond the lfmlt it rebels.
Some stomachs will stand much more
abuse than others, but every Stomach ]
has its limit, and when that flmit is
reached it ig a very dangerous jarid un-
wise proceeding to attempt to. force it
Into doing further work. The, 'sensible
and reasonable course is to employ a
substitute % to carry on the work of di-
grestlon and give the stomach an op-
portunity tf* recuperate and regain, its
lost strength.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets ''"are the
only perfect substitute tq take up -and
carry on the work of tlrCd, worn-out
Btomachs. They are natural' and: 1 easy
in their work and cause no disturbance
In the digestive organs. They contain
all the essential elements >that make up
the gastric juice and other digestive
fluids, and will digest any food that a
strong, healthy stomach will, and do It
In the same time and in*the same way.
They work independently of surround-
ing conditions, and the fact. that the
stomach is weak or diseased does not
influence them at all in their useful and
effective work. Thev wilt digest food
jupt as well in a glass Jar or bottle as
they will in a stomach. You can see
that for yourself .by putting one of
them Inti a jar with a square meal and
some .water to enable It to work.
ADVEBTISEJtElffTS.
MAKE PEACE WITH
YOCR STOMACH
iv'V; . : V : DOAN'S KIDNEY *ZXJL|S. Lc-^-_^- w^.-u-.r
BUIIIHiniHllilllieiHIllRBllllilllllHIHiaBllllHieBllllBBBBIIIJ
|IlN^ver- Rnow When ]
J^ A stitch; a twitch or a twinge y in back will strike you. -S5^$Sr^!ius |
g The aches and pains of a bad back strike you any time. •* °
¦ Kidneys will go wrong, and when the kidneys fail the back JSfiP^^P^^S • • ¦¦
§ Backache attacks alike the busy business man, the me* ///_ \| \SL-JK)/im^j °
§ chanic, the woman at her shopping or household duties, the n
S old folks, the children and all who have sick kidneys. Kid- '^ J^&%3&*^ S
g ncys are no respecter of persons, time or place— they will get l/5t ( p^'^^^^^ k o
| sick when overworked. Doan's Kidney Pills cure all Kid- (P^£k >ggllllsl|& 2
jMSJllllpl I San Francisco Proof I
S' Sp*"""" 1 * 5 « fliili - .* Mrs. V. Powell (V. Powell, night watchman) of 27281
a \& TwIbmSKSlV Harriet street says: -"I know of a case of kidney complafnt, Jj
g • EtYOTUTirraSLSr - probably due to the contraction of a cold, where Doan's Kid- ¦
¦ • NAMc—i -'- ,' ney Pills were used and the treatment stopped very severcfi
5 p.'p- L ¦¦ aching, across the small of the back:" .This ,. was some, ¦
S3 months ago and since then there has not been any indication 3
¦ v *or &« «* box, m*a tM, e«y»n to ofa return. I have sgen accounts in our newspapers in San a
¦ SSTta'taSS^i.^toVchi. £*£££ ! Francisco of others who were just, as pronounced in their"
§ 'I"*****- --I estimation of Doan's Kidney Pills as I." •¦
aHBMBBHaBHBHaHHBlBHBBBaHaaaBHHBBnMiaHlBllMBlBHBlBBiMH^MMMMHBIllMaHBllMlllB
lilfiSfiH^P^iffl^i ' /Marquette is the whiskey of those homes
flnl V flHBfHsBBflfliB3^^> A «B^nBBflBaMBXflT^JrME^L. ' Bv^FflBavV'HdSHHHHKV * ¦ ' - ¦ - # ' v * .... m
¦WF'W^HfQ^flE^^BjBBRBflB^^jHBiBBBH^* ¦¦^JjBBjBBBBjBHh^^ HL L^^^ ¦ ujE^SqX^sB I. ¦ ¦ *-¦ j^S^^tL ' * J
, ir:"S^**?^iSSB»Sp-p!S|5&iw most cost ly°f whiskeys to produce, but it costs
fr^H'J *» wffi» 'wTrltft^ uistiiiers, v^nicsgO' \ 400 c«n 1 1 pry ot., £><in Frn nclscoWrecked Steamer Is Washed Ashore.
CRESCENT CITY, Jan. lZ.-^The
schooner Mary Buhne, which was sunk
in a collision last month with the
steamer Del Xorte, .was washed ashore
at Dcmartins, twelve miles from here.
She seems to be damaged beyond re
pair. • ' ~" •--" -_ J _.~-
VALLEJO, Jan. 12. — As an - out
growth of certain conditions existing
in Vallejo" a Citizens' League has been
quietly formed, the duty of which will
¦be to secure prompt and energetic en
forcement of the law. This develop
ment is largely due to the attitude. of
W. R. Acock, proprietor of the only
open gambling . house and saloon in
this city. His liquor license was dis
continued at the last session, of .the
City Trustees, but Acock continued the
business without a license. He has
been arrested three times and his trial
Is set for Thursday. Special- counsel
has been employed on both sides and
an exciting time is expected. ..
Citizens of Vallcjo Are Aroused.
Crockett is a noted stage driver.
Some tv.-o years ago he refused to stop
at the call of a highwayman, but the
robber stopped the stage by shooting
one of the horses. Crockett is not ex
pected to survive.
AUBURN, . Jan. 12. — Henry Crock
ett, drlver v of the Forest Hill stage,
was run over at the Auburn depot this
afternoon arid had both legs taken off.
Crockett stepped on the- main track
to receive the mall from flyer Xo. 2
and freight Xo. 211. caught him on
the switch. The .injured man while
being taken to the hospital begged to
be killed. The freight train was in
charge of Conductor E. F. jGivens.
Ilcnry Crockett Is Run Over by a
Freight Train at Auburn and lias
Both liess Cut Off.
WELL-KXOWX STAGE DRIVER
RECEIVES FATAL INJURIES
WASHINGTON. Jan. IS— Rear Admiral
Harrinjftcn. commander of the Norfolk N»vy
Yard, h»« reported that th<» rjbm«rir» torpedo
hoat Mocrasin ir nfloat and (* exjwted to ar
rive at fh? Norfolk Navy Tim to-day.
. The appearance cf President Springer
on the platform to deliver his annual
address was the signal for general and
prolonged applause, y His address dealt
in plain language with the various
questions that 'will be up for, consider
ation during the convention of stock
men. The address apparently struck
sympathetic chords: among the dele
gates to the convention, for every point
was received with evidence of appro
bation. He spoke in part as follows:
• While we have ' knocked oft a good many
rough '- edges to make smoother the pathway
of the stockmen there remain still others , vital
to success, and. It is our business to see > that
these glaring wrongs are righted and that
speedily. . ¦ "¦'¦''" '
We cannot raise livestock without adequate
railway transportation • and better service than
the . industry :: Is * now receiving. Rates . have
been raised on all . livestock and the average
running : time >. Is : less : satisfactory vthan for
merly, while transportation to actual shippers
has been' arbitrarily, cut off and this industry
especially selected . for crucifixion. vgSBgf&BBgri
Another thing, a law ; should be passed by
Congress compelling railways to make at least
twenty miles an hour with livestock shipments
destined for market." ,: - -- r • .-.
: Wo - must " all : go gunning < wi th our • ballots)
for the Congressmen t In every one of our dis
tricts and * sec If -we cannot have ' the Inter*
Colonel F. L. Wilson of Texas re
sponded to the addresses of welcome
in behalf of the National Livestock
Association. In thanking Oregon for
the welcome. Colonel Wilson stated
that the . stockmen had not come for
hospitality alone, but to face' serious
situations, to deal .with questions of
vital interest to all stockmen. He said
that 'one matter of prime importance
to be considered was that of the inde
pendent.' packing company which the
stockmen are interested in seeing es
tablished. Colonel Wilson was followed
by Senator F. E. Warren of Wyoming,
who responded in behalf of the wool
growers. ~Z'.i^\ . . ' •¦:'¦' :'¦
FACE SERIOUS SITUATIONS.
At the close of the Governor's address
President Springer introduced Mayor
"Williams, who extended a welcome in
behalf of the city ot Portland.
The organization by you of an Independent
packers' association, having in view the erec
tion of pncklnjr establishments on the Atlantic
and Pacific seaboards for the export trade is a
curative step and one that commends Itself to
the intelligence, of the country.
If with this decline In prices of stock on
foot there was a corresponding decline in the
manufactured products there might be some
compensation for this condition. But the fact
In. the output of the packing. houses has not
percentlbly declined and prices have uni
formly remained about the same. If they have
not In some Instances gone to a higher level.
It Is needless for. me to suggest to you the
source of these conditions. They are brought
about by the manipulations of the leading
packlng-houscA of the country.
What is the practical remedy for the con
ditions which unfavorably. affect the livestock
Industry of the country?
There Is no excuse for conditions which
exist to-day Injuriously affecting the livestock
industry of the , country. In one short year,
and during an era ¦ of unprecedented pros
perity, there has been a falling off In the
prices of livestock of nearly 50 per cent,
aggregating a loss to the industry of $805,
000,000—$6*0.000,000 of which falls upon the
raiser of cattle. $120,000,000 upon the raiser
of sheep and f63.0O0.C0O upon the raiser of.
hogs. This immense sum represents nearly
a fourth of the total value of the livestock
of the United States
tunity is afforded them to ejitertain you as
their distinguished guests. v
I congratulate you that you have made your
selves felt and heard; that even the doors of
the august Congress of the United States have
been permitted to swing- ajar so that your
gentle voices might be permitted to enter In
and stir up your servants there, and I pre
dict for you and thrown your efforts for the
people still further and more attentive au
dlehees than you have yet had at the hands
of the powers that be
Directly due to your efforts is the Federal
law which provides for the Federal Inspection
of Interstate ehipments of livestock whereby
stockmen are relieved of the necessity of hav
ing to pay a fee at every State line crossed
while en route. Through the instrumentality
of this law a saving Is made to the industry
which you represent of at least 1100,000 per
annum.
The delegates to both conventions
were entertained to-night by the peo
ple of Portland at a reception given in
the* halls of the Commercial Club.
; ' The joint - convention was called to
order a little after 10 o'clock, and Presi
dent Jc-hn \W. -'-. Springer- of tlfe National
Livestock Association, in a; few:appro
priate words, welcomed ; the largoi audi
ence that crowded the Baker Theater
to the doors, - and introduced' Governor
Chamberlain of Oregon. Governor
Chamberlain's address, which was en
thusiastically received by the delegates,^
was in part as follows: ."
Gentlemen: I take great pleasure in ex
tending to you. on behalf of the people of the
State, a most cordial welcome. Representing
as ¦ you do Interests ¦ of great magnitude : and
of vital Importance _ to the ¦welfare, of ', the
country. Oregon feels • honored by '.your pres
ence '¦ and - her people rejoice thaf an • oppor-
The livestock convention will begin
its work proper to-morrow morning
and three days will be devoted to earn
est consideration of many questions of
vital importance. Some politics Is be
ing indulged in relative to the coming
election of officers for this organization,
but it Is generally believed that Francis
J. Hagenbarth of Idaho. will; be chosen
to succeed President Joseph W.
Springer of Denver. ' i ";.-"•. ; -
The morning session was devoted en
tirely to a programme of .entertain
ment, including music and addresses of
welcome and responses. In the after
noon the wool erowers met alone and
completed the business of their meet-
Ing. Common interests of the wool
grower and the manufacturer were
discussed. The condition of the mutton
sheep market was thoroughly presented
by representatives of the markets.
Resolutions were adopted favoring leg
islation that the sheep men deem to
be beneficial and necessary to their in
dustry and officers for the ensuing year
were elected. Senator F. E. Warren
of Wyoming was re-elected president.
The convention decided to meet in cqn
junction with the livestock men next
year at such place. as the latter con
vention may decide upon.
San Jose, Cal., appears to be in the
lead for the next convention of the two
organizations, though Denver has
strong backing. An effort is being
made to have the convention decide
upon a permanent meeting place, where
all succeeding conventions may be held.
It is generally conceded that , should
this motion prevail Denver will be se
lected as, the permanent headquarters.
WELCOMED TO OREGON. 7
PORTLAND, Jan. 12.— The delegates
to the National Wool Growers' and Na
tional Livestock Convention met in
joint session to-day and the two big
organizations were heartily welcomed
to Oregon and Portland by represen
tative men of the State and city. The
Livestock Association formally opened
its annual meeting and the wool grow
ers, after a lengthy business session in
the afternoon, adjourned sine die. More
than a thousand delegates to the' two
conventions from every section of the
United States thronged the Baker The
ater from pit. to gallery. The proceed
ings were frequently interrupted with
bursts of applause in response to ad
dresses upon questions of vital inter
est to the two organizations. Sheep
men and cattle raisers met upon com
mon ground with common interests at
heart and discussed ways' and means
of securing mutual benefits.
SIOUX CITY. Iowa, Jan. 12. — Al
bert J. Bolk3, who cut his wife's
throat with a pocket knife and then
ended his own life, was well known
here. A year ago when Bolks brought
his family from his thousand-acre
farm in Sioux City, Iowa, to Sioux
City to give his children educational
advantages, he received a letter de
manding $1000 from him. The writer
threatened to burn down the hand
some buildings on the Bolks farm un
less the money was left at a certain
place by a specified time. Although
the officers made a vigorous search
for the blackmailer no trace of him
was found. This incident coming on
the heels of trouble in the Dutch col
ony ot Sioux County over religious
matters upset Bolks greatly and he
worried continually about it. He lat
er got to complaining of alleged ene
mies and persecutors. Bolks leaves
land in Sioux County worth $100,000
and considerable property in Sioux
City, having purchased a home here
near Morningside College, to which
the family expected to return in the
spring. It is said that continued dis
putes over religion provoked by his
refusal to join his wife's church, the
Dutch Reformed, furnished the rea
son for moving his family* from his
ranch.
Bolks Leaves an Estate Valued at Sev
eral Hundred Thousand Dollars.
WELL. KNOWN I?.' SIOUX CITY.
SACRAMENTO. Jan. 12. — Miss
Grace Bagwell, the daughter of
Henry Bagwell, a Riverside road
farmer, has been missing from her
home .since November 26. D«tjsctive
Philip O'Neil, who has been, investi
gating the case, is of the opinion that
she has. met with foul piay. She waa
employed as a clerk in a local store.
Yonns Woman Disappears.
TWO DISTINGUISHED OFFICIALS OF OREGON AND PRESIDENT OF
THE NATIONAL LIVESTOCK ASSOCIATION WHICH IS HOLDING
A CONVENTION IN CITY OF PORTLAND.
By getting in on the Odds and Ends
Sale of furniture, carpets and draperies
at Pattoslen's. Sixteenth and Mission
streets, purchasers can pick up all kind*
of bargains in odd parts of parlor suits*
bedroom suits, carpets and lace curtains:
Forty and 50 per ce"nt reduction on all
the odds and ends. •
' Easy Furniture Buying.
to confer relative. to a substitute for
the "shoddy bill" now pending in Con
gress.
Resolutions were also passed ask
ing the Department^of the Interior to
issue equal quantities of mutton and
beef to the Indians and the army. _
The election of officers for the en
suing year resulted in the election of
Senator' F. E. Warren of Wyoming as
president and J. M. Smith of Utah and
George Truesdell of Deer Park. Mary
land, as vice presidents. .
The constitution was amended to
permit of the election of two vice
presidents.
It was decided to hold the next
meeting one day before the next Live
stock Association convention and in
. the same city. ,
The convention was then declared
adjourned. , ,
Burton .uolnies Lectures.
Burton Holmes, the renowned lec
turer and traveler, entertained a large
audience at Lyric Halt last night with
a description of Tosemite Valley. The
lecture was beautifully illustrated with
colored stereopticon views.
About six months ago the Bulletin
advertised for a store on Market street,
willing to pay 53000 good will. At 915
Market street Herman Lesser has a
lease and Is willing to sell the same.
After having expended more than 52500
in fixing the place. h<f asks $2000. having
concluded not to continue his clothing
and shoe business here, and will start
his sale of clothing right after the shoes
have been disposed of; therefore get your
shoes this week. After this you will have
to go barefooted or pay the full price of
$3.50 for either men's or ladles' shoes
that you can buy until Saturday night
for $1.85 a pair at the closing out shoe
sale, 915 Market street, opp. Mason. •
Store to Let on Market Street.
Short addresses were made relative
to mutton sheep as viewed from the
leading markets by A. C. Halliwell of
Chicago, W. H. Weeks of Kansas City
and M. B. Irwin of St. Joseph. Mo. The
expression , of opinion .was, that .while
the mutton iharket has not been as
good a one .during the past year as
mighUhave been desired, the pros
pects for .this year are flattering.
- Following these talks T. D. Fosney,
president! of the Arizona Wool Grow
ers'-'Association; and one of the fram
era of the so-called : ; "shoddy bill,"
took occasion to give the sheep men's
side of the matter. He denied that
the intention of the measure was to
prevent • the " manufacture of. mixed
goods. V The . intention,' „ he said, was to
secure, the/ , manufacture of honest
goods of genuine material. '
Jerry Simpson of ¦ New Mexico was
called; before 'the convention by Presi
dent. Warren and delivered a, brief ad
dress,, in -.which he ! reviewed some ! of
his: experiences, in the. development of
the .West and the business • industries
there." A number of resolutions "were
passed , by the convention. Among
these was : .one favoring the^appoint
ment : of r committees " of - three ; : from
the -.wool . >srrowers\" . -wool ,. manu
facturers'" and „ livestock . associations
Harding's address was followed by
a talk on the subject, "Facts About
Shoddy," by • Secretary John : N. Mc-
Pherson of the Wool Manufacturers*
Association. He assured, the wool
growers that ¦ the association . he rep
resented was deeply interested in see
ing the sheep industry of this coun
try grow and improve constantly, be
cause* they must depend upon this
supply for their business.
At the of the afternoon
session C. H. Harding, president of the
National Association of Woolen Man
ufacturers, gave an extensive and com
prehensive address on the subject,
"Matters of Mutual Interest to Wool
Growers and Woolen Manufacturers."
Hft discftssed the subject under two
headings: The first was that of leg
islation and the second that of mar
keting.
Under the first heading he stated
that the proposed French. treaty deals
a body .blow, at American manufac
turers of hosiery and is of such disas
trous character that it must be op
posed in : . self-defense., The proposed
North American treaty to reduce the
tariff on wool was not fostered by the
Manufacturers' Association. In rela
tion to the"mixed goods" bill, Hard
ing pointed'out features of the meas
ure which he thought were not to the
interest, of the producers or growers
of . wool. . i
With reference to the wool market
of this country, the speaker thought
that a satisfactory classification could
be made at the time of clipping which
would make it possible for the manu
facturer to,- buy in large lots direct
from the producer and at the same
time be sure of getting the desired
Quality and class. -T; :yi
OFFICERS ARE ELECTED.
We demand laws which will prevent daily
meetings of packers and their agents to arbi
trarily fix the prices to be paid on the hoof,
and aleo on the block. We advocate more
markets and more packlrg houses. . We insist
on open and fair competition. We oppose com
bines and trusts as being against good, healthy
public policy, and we commend the efforts of
men who risk their fortunes In bettering th;
general condition or labor throughout this
broad land. We believe there Is room for all.
and we hail all efforts to build up both labor
and capital..
I regret to say that the year last past has
witnessed eo many, failures among honest, hard
working, patient and uncomplaining stockmen
in the United States. Without apparent rea
son prices b«gan to drop and they have gone
from bad to worse until we see th* cattle kings
In the. Hereford -and Shorthorn - world forced
into bankruptcy, their hard earned fortunes
dissipated and their careers blighted. - Will
some one kindly give us a positive reason for
this Ices of hundreds of millions of livestock
v«lu«8?~- - • ffcv
Another bill livestock men are vitally inter
ested In is that with reference to" forest re
serve. . Stockmen have no objection, to honest
ieser\»:s, where there are forests to protect, or to
¦ foster the. growth thereof, but when millions
of acres are set apart by the Secretary of the
Interior, when you could not locate a tree
with, a Lick Observatory telescope, the Ameri
can stockman insists on rising and. entering a
general and also a special demurrer. . This
scheme is now being worked in ' Arizona. In
fact, in all the Western States and Territories,
by some combine or other. Land grabbers are
a blot on twentieth century civilization, and
the old cowboy methods of dealing with horse
thieves may have to be resorted to in order
that the rapidly disappearing public lands may
be conserved for the needs of the coming gen
erations.. ¦ .... , - 1 .. ¦, •->..¦.
PUBLIC LANDS DISAPPEAR.
fctate commerce -bill so written that It will
amount to' something and the commission be a
tribunal; where we can have some . of these
interstate questions settled and the decree*
enforced the same as in a court of Justice. . ;
We are ; still Knocking at the doors ot Con
gress for a -five-year census of livestock to be,
taken- and promptly disseminated, so all the
stock raisers and feeders may know Just \rhat
proportion has been put on feed in order that
we may draw our own conclusions, as to the
proper time to ship to market. . ¦
There is a right way out of every one of the
difficulties -which beset us at the beginning of
the twentieth century. It is your business and
mine to blaze the way for the right to prevail.
We are still urging- Congress - with all our
power to pass the Orosvenor anti-shoddy bill,
which seeks to compel every manufacturer to
mark in plain letters and figures Just what per
centage of every yard of cloth woven is wool,
cotton, . hair. . shoddy, etc'. We do not aim to
cripple the manufacturers of cloth, but we in
sist upon behalf of all cloth consumers of this
land that the selling tag shall plainly reveal
to every purchaser Just what sort of a suit he
is buying in order that the outrageous frauds
against' woolen goods may. be stopped.
Ripley said that Atchison engineers
are working on plans for the extension
of a line from San Francisco to Eu
reka, Cal., in- order to reach the red
wood lands in Humboldt County, pur
chased^ by a syndicate in behalf of the
Atchison.
"Whatever is eventually done," said
Mr. Ripley, "it can be stated definitely
that an agreement will not include any
general trackage clause giving the
Kock Island the use of any line to the
Pacific Coast. If the plan is approved
it may take the form of an interchange
of traffic at the junction of our Abo
Pass cut-off and the Rock Island's El
Paso line and there may be an arrange
ment for the use of the Rock Island
line to Kansas City or Dodge City,
temporarily, until the cut-off has been
extended to a junction with our Pecos
Valley line."
NEW YORK, Jan. 12.— E. P. Kipley,
president of the Santa Fe Railroad, said
to-day that while no agreement had
been made with the Rock Island for a
trackage arrangement, a plan has been
considered and has not been abandoned.
Williams declared that last October
he reported to Mayor Harrison that
not one of the theaters in Chicago was
complying with the ordinances. The
Mayor turned over his report to the
Council, which turned it over to a com
mittee, and nothing was done.
Coroner Traeger demanded to know
if there was anybody in the office of
the Building Commissioner whose busi
ness it was to see whether the inspec
tors did their duty. Mr. Williams* re
ply was: "Once in a while I have
done 30." rzs~-'
Neither he nor any member of his
department, so far as known, had any
knowledge as to whether automatic
sprinklers had been placed in the thea
ter or not.
CHICAGO, Jan. 12.— Euilding Com
missioner Williams was the chief wit
ness to-day in the inquest over the
victims of the Iroquoi3 Theater fire.
He testified that during the construc
tion of the building he had visited it
but once, that time beins about two
weeks prior to the opening of -the thea
ter on November 23. " He said that at
that time the structural part of the
building was completed, but that little
things which go to finish were not in
place. He had never looked at the
plans for the building except on one
occasion. He admitted that he allowed
the builders to place pine Joists in cer
tain places beneath the stage instead
of steel supports, as called for by the
building ordinances.
Commissioner Williams admitted that
his department had passed on the ar
rangement vt exits, passageways and
aisles; that the department knew that
the ordinance required an exit to be
plainly marked by a sign, and* that ap
pliances for the extinguishment of fire
be placed in theaters, and then said
that «.!?.*» -^cc.-" had never been in
formed by the inspectors that none of
these requirements had been fully met
and he did not know before the theater
burned whether they had been com
plied with or not. When asked by the
Coroner who assumed the responsibil
ity, he admitted that he, as head of
the department, would be compelled to
assume it.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 12.— T..J. White
has begun'suit in the Superior Court to
secure the annulment of an assignment
of $250,000, representing a half-interest
in the_ $500,000 estate of Mrs.. Mary A.
Hotchkiss,' which he made some" time
ago to Attorney Henry E. Carter un
der conditions which he now avers were
characterized by fraud. The assign
ment Voccurred at a time when he had
incurred; Mrs.. Hotchkiss* ' displeasure
and the lady was suing for an* abroga
tion of the letters of adoption which
made White heir to her estate. ; "White
alleges that in resisting the I action
brought by Mrs. Hotchkiss he employed
Carter, as his attorney, arid to secure
his "services signed what' he supposed
was .merely 'a. lien on his share of the
estate, but -which, he stated, now ap
pears to have been an absolute deed to
one-half of his interest, or for the "sum
of $250,000. During the progress of the
fight "over ; the estate White has been
working* as a stevedore at San Pedro, j
Chief Elton to-day compelled Win
ters to repay $150 which he had se
cured from F. B. Brown. Brown
says that Winters told him to plunge
iinto a sump hole and that he would
cure him. * When the police caught
Brown he was preparing to try the
"cure" and it would "have meant cer
tain death to him. Winters paid back
Brown's money to escape arrest.
The police propose to picket Win
ters' meetings and watch his meth
ods. If possible they will put a stop
to his collection of money and jew
elry from those who think him in
spired.
At the Coroner's inquest held to
day it was shown that Bolks' insan
ity was aggravated by the teachings
of an alleged "evangelist" named C.
H. Winters, who has been conducting
so-called religious meetings in this
city for several weeks. Bolks' mind,
owing to long illness, was in such a
receptive condition that when Winters
told him he could cure him by divine
power if he would pray constantly
Bolks believed him. For more than
a week during his every waking mo
ment Bolks was constantly muttering
prayers and on two occasions he
awakened his family for prayer, tell
ing them that Winters had command}
ed it- How much he paid Winters is
not known, but if he was treated like
some other victims he paid well for
Winters' "services."
LOS AXGELES, Jan. 12.— A. J. Bolks,
a well-to-do farmer of Sioux City, Iowa,
murdered his wife in a boarding-house
at €616 Thorne street, this city, early
this morning by cutting her throat with
a pocket knife. He % then turned the
weapon on himself and ended his own
life. The nftirder was committed in
the presence of their four-year-old son,
who was awakened by the sounds of
the struggle, and gave the alarm.
Bolks is supposed to have been tem
porarily deranged over religious mat
ters and to have committed the crime
in a moment of irresponsibility. He
had been acting queerly for some time,
and on one occasion recently kept his
family up all night. praying. On that
occasion he exhibited a revolver and
threatened to take their lives.
Bolks came to Los Angeles from
Sioux City about two weeks ago, ac
companied by his nine-year-old son.
and was fallowed a short time later by
his wife and other members of his
family. He was apparently possessed
of considerable means and had intended
to remain here with his family during
the winter.
Bipley Says Agreement Will
Not Permit Eastern Line
to Extend to Pacific Coast
i
Alarm Is Given by Four-Year
i Old Son of Couple, but Too
i Late to Prevent the Tragedy
Asserts That He Signed Paper
Believing It Was Merely a
Lien on Share of Property
SAW THE PLAGE TWICE
Mayor Hassett, in extending a wel- !
come to the delegates, said he had been I
for forty-six years a member of a union |
and h<* never had occasion to regret thj
affiliation! He expressed the hope that i
all councils and deliberations of the ¦
body would b« marked with wisdom j
and moderation, so .that the unions j
would gain the confidence of those with j
whom thev are identified. I
Other speakers were O. A. Tveitmoe j
«<f Fan Francisco, H. X. Trace of Santa i
Ciara. Al Smith of Los Angeles. John j
E. McDougald of San Francisco, "W. i
H. Leonard of the Western Miners' j
Federation of Cripple Creek, Colo., and ]
P. H. McCarthy of San Francisco. !
In the course of his address President •
McCarthy said that unionism was a '
power which would never oe wiped out i
and he asked all to give it a hearing, I
as they would a case in which they i
were called upon to render a verdict.
¦O,uit? a contest has arisen as to the,
choice of the next meeting place of the t
convention. Los Angeles and San Jose ;
giro striving for the honor. Mayor Sny- j
der of Ijos AngeJes this afternoon sent i
a telegram to the convention urging !
the delegates to 'select Los Angeles as !
the next matins blace.
William Pook. president of the Build- j
in? Trades Council of Sacramento, ]
presided at to-nieht's open session at j
the Capitol. He said that while the |
council was young, this being only its !
third convention. nevertheless its j
growth had been that of a giant, and j
it now numbers in this State some
so.ooo coeiu !
j 'resident. M. G. Barnhard of Petalu- j
ma; fourth vice president. J. F. Infield j
• •f Sacramento; fifth vice president, i
Samuel Mitchell of Los Angeles (con- j
ditional upon the convention creating
such office by amendment to-morrow);
treasurer and secretary, O. A. Tveit
moe of .San Francisco; executive
board— W. E. Scully of Oakland, E.
Uite of Sacramento, A. H. Badger of j
Stockton. O. S. Moser of Santa Cruz, j
W. C. French of San Francisco, C. E. j
Baker of Santa Clara, A. McLeod of j
Peta!uma. R. Albright of Los Angeles, i
General counselor, Cleveland L. Dam :
of San Francisco.
Late this afternoon P. H. McCarthy
of San Francisco, president of the con
vention, was created general organizer j
at a salary of $1800 a year. He will
be expected to devote all his time to
the promotion of the interests of or- j
;;anized labor. A resolution was passed I
pledging relief to the Colorado miners, t
¦ The following officers were elected for j
the ensuing year: President, P. H. Mc-
Carthy of San Francisco (re-elected): j
first vice president, J. P. Burke of j
Alameda; second vice president, H. D. j
Roberts of Santa Clara; third vicel
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 12.— An open
meeting was held at the Assembly
chamber of the State Capitol to-night
by the delegates to the State Conven
tion of the Building Trades Council.
Mayor HaEsett delivered an address of
welcome to the delegates. An orches
tra furnished «tiusic and many women
v.ere in the large audience. The event
marked the close of a busy day's ses
sion of the convention.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
P. H. McCarthy of San Fran
cisco Is Chosen to Look After
Affairs of Organized Labor
Witness Says That He Knew
Nothing About , the Exits
or Automatic Sprinklers
PROJECT TO BE LIMITED
OFFICERS ARE ELECTED
MAKES SERIOUS CHARGE
[CHILD WITNESSES CRIME
Kock Island May Expand Fa
cilities -by an- Arrangement
With the Santa Fe Eoad
Delegates to State Building
Trades Council Extend Aid to
the Strikers in Colorado
Commences Legal Proceedings
to Secure the Annulment of
an Assignment of an Estate
Chicago Commissioner Admits
•Negligence During" Construc
tion of Iroquois Theater
Cuts Her Throat ¦ With Pocket
Kiiiferand Then lulls Him
i self With the Same Weapon
I .-^ _ . .- . *
Meet Upon Common Ground in National
Convention and Ably Discuss the Ways
and Means of Securing Mutual Benefits
CRAZED FARMER
MURDERS WIFE
NO INSPECTION
OF FIRE TRAP
CLIENT SUES
HIS ATTORNEY
PLEDGE RELIEF
TO THE MINERS
CATTLE RAISERS JOIN
HANDS WITH SHEEP MEN
NEW PROPOSAL
FOR TRACKAGE
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL. WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 13, 1904.
7
ADVESTISEMENTS.
Weakness in Men
A Michigan Specialist Finds an Easy
Way to Cure Any Case of Sexual
Weakness Even In the Oldest Men.
This Wonderful Cure Has a Most
Marvelous Record of Successes.
SENT FREE TO ALL WHO
APPLY IN WRITING
There are thousands of cheerless homes I
Sn this country filled with discontent and !
unhappiness. lacking in love and coxa- j
panionship through the sexual -weakness J
and physical impairment of a man whose j
years do not justify such a condition. In- j
discretions, abuses and recklessness
often cause a temporary cessation ot vi- 1
tal power that Instantly yields to the j
•wonderful treatment discovered by the j
great specialist. Dr. 1L C Raynor. of De- J
troit. Michigan. It has remained for this
great physician to discover that sexual
weakness and similar, troubles can be
cured and in remarkable short spaces of
time. This treatment does not ruin the
stomach, adding the miseries such Injury
entails, but it is a new treatment that
easily and quickly restores youthful
vijcor to men as old as S5.
The discovery is beyond doubt th«
most scientific and comprehensive that
our attention has ever been called to.
From all sides we hear private reports of
cures in stubborn cases of sexual weak-
ness, enlargement of the prostate, varl-
eocele. spermatorrhea. lost manhood, im- j
potency, emissions, prematurity, shrunk-
en organs, lack of virile power, bashful-
ness and tixnidrty and like unnatural con-
ditions. It does this without appliances,
vacuum pumps, electric belts or any-
thing of that kind.
Satisfactory results are produced In a
day's use and a perfect cure In a short
time, regardless of ege or the cause of
vour condition.
" The lucky discoverer simply desires to
eet In touch with all men who can make
use of such a treatment. They should
address him in confidence. Dr. H. C. Ray-
nor. 1"7 Luck building. Detroit, Mich.,
and Immediately on receipt of your name
and address it is his agreement with this
r>ap«?r to send you a tree receipt or for-
mula of this modern treatment by which
rctf can cure yourself at home,
BEGAX SHOES. * '
wish you could see the Regal
:"* We would like to show youtfrom
the leather storage rooms at the bot-
tom to the finishing rooms at the top. We would like
you to see for yourself the quality of the leather, and the
careiul honesty with which it is put together by the best
shoe workmen in America.
There is no masquerading in Regal shoes— they
stand dissection. Nobody can make better shoes, no
matter what you pay.
Regal shoes are s sold direct from "Tannery to
Wearer" in Regal stores at '$3.50, or by mail $3.75.'
They are sold no other way, at no other price. They are
$6 shoes, but sold at $3.50 — and the wear of one, pair will
prove it to you. ...
There are 60 KecrU Stores, 20 of them In Greater New York, where tfca ttjlt*
originate. The new «tyles are on sale at our San Franeisoo store at th« Mm* tim«
as In the New York stores.
UlnlUa «ai> Inl W i£» Ulnl^ttu lr lp£Wy \y la^y
• San Francisco Store, Cor. Geary and Stockton Sts.STARTING SCALE IN
"THIRDS."
STARTING SCALE IN
"TENTHS."
Reports from .the south are insistent that Colombia is
mobilizing her/ troops and by overt, acts, variously offen
sive, is indicating' that she wants to try conclusions -with
Uncle Sam on the territory of Panama." ' Perhaps after all
it might be well to show our South American friends the
difference between . one of their revolutions and actual
war."', ''• ¦'.'.""
Townsend'* California glace fraita and
candies. 50c a pound, in artistic flre
etched boxes A nice present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market at,, above Call bids •
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Alien's). 230 Call-,
fornia street. Telephone Mala 10U. •
It is not known that that versatile
monarch, - William III, h.as himself
learned the secret of casting the clay
upon the wheel or that he designs the
final decoration of the china .which his
factory produces. He does, however,
take so active an interest in Its affairs
that it is not likely to languish during
his lifetime. And, this, too, in spite of
the fact that each of the royal habita
tions is already supplied with so much
historic china, all in use, that the ne-
Royal Porcelain.
The Japanese resident in California, and under the laws
of their native land bound to return home at^ the "call
of war, don't want to go.- While it is clearly opportune
to praise, their judgment, it would be idle tomiss the
opportunity to assure them' that we are willing to spare
some of them for any length of time they choose to re
main away. .: *
hand on E. The fingering is exactly the
eame as in the plain scale. By that,
however, I <Ja not mean that the right
hand starts off with the thumb (first
finger) : on the contrary, it takes up the
scale with the third finger on E, where
it would naturally be if the scale had
begun on C instead of E. Both hands,
then, start in what is known technical
ly as "a third apart," and continue In
this way to the end of the octave, the
left hand finishing on C and the right
on E.
'Thirds" should be practiced exactly
the same way as the plain scale, that
is, emphasizing every note in the single
octave, then as the tempo increases
and the pupil extends his course to two
octaves every other note should be em
phesUed, then every third note when
playing three octaves, every fourth for
tour octaves and, finally, every eighth
Schooljn Miniature.
The little islet of Nordstrandschmor,
In the North Sea, boasts what is prob
ably the smallest school in the world.
Oceanic upheaval has wrenched the
islet away from the island of Nord
strand, and the action of the sea is
continually wearing the earth away.
A century ago there were fifty Inhabi
tants, who lived by fishing and rude
husbandry, and in 18S6 a little school
was erected, capable of providing for
about a dozen children. With the dwin
dling of the is,let, however, the popu
lation has thinned and now,, numbers
no more than fifteen souls. ¦ For five
years now the school attendance has
varied from nothing to a * half dozen
children.
VOTE FOR PRESIDENT— D. W. E.,
Point Richmond, Cal. An alien who
has declared his intention to become a
citizen of the United States is entitled
to vote for- Electors for President of
.the United States— the President is not
voted for direct— after he has resided in
the States of Colorado, South Dakota.
Nebraska, Michigan or Indiana six
months;, Arizona. Arkansas, Missouri.
Texas or Wisconsin, one year, and Ala
bama two years. In all other States
and Territories the intending voters
must be a full-fledged citizen by birth
or naturalization. No alien who has
not declared his intention to become a
citizen is entitled to vote at any time
or for any office, municipal, State or
Federal.
The inquiry into the causes of the Rock Island Railroad
wreck has developed one of the oddities of the age in such
investigations. It actually looks as if some of the train
men will be held responsible for the disaster and may be
forced to pay. some sort of penalty for the tremendous
loss of life their carelessness caused. The age of miracles,
in America at least, has not passed.
.Through the courtesy of W. H. Gal
llnger, chairman of. the Senate Commit
tee on the District of Columbia, The
Call is in receipt of the elaborate re
port of that committee upon a proposed
park system for the district which, if
carried into practice, will surely make
the home of our national capital a
rival of the renowned parks of Europe.
Thev whole scheme of operations pro
posed by the committee's recommenda
tions are with a view to lending to the
great public buildings wherein the ma
chinery of our National Government is
housed an air of dignity and grace such
as is effected at Versailles by the won
derful gardens of Louis , Quatorze.
Should the plans be followed only In
part the effect would be of surpass
ing beauty.
Parks at Washington.
NOT CALLED IN— A. P., City. Tha
coinage of 20-cent pieces was discon
tinued, but those that were issued by
the United States mints were not
"called in by the Government." This
department does not give the premium
on coins, if those asked about hava
such, unless the query is accompanied
by a stamped and self-addressed en
velope so that the answer may be sent
b v m ail
After years of weary waiting /California has a home
in which worthily to house its chief executive. No
sooner was the Governor established in it than rats,
sewer gas and plumbers usurped it and disturbed the
content of its residents. The public must silence its
expressions of anxiety. v The Governor himself must de
termine which of the three usurpers is the worst. Rats
are bad, sewer gas is dangerous, but plumbers— that is
for his Excellency to decide.
A FRENCH QUOTATION— Marie.
City. The words quoted, "On veut avoir
ce qu'on a pas, et ce qu'on a cesse de
plalre," are from the French of Monvel,
born in 1745, died 1311. in a work en
titled "The Forbidden." It means. '.'We
want that which we have not. and that
which we have ceases to please."
Mrs. Maybrick will soon be set free from the English
prison in which she has passed so many wretched years.
With her liberation will close one 6i the greatest of
modern chapters illustrating the stern sense of British
justice. _ No'pleading, no influence,' not even that of the
most powerful diplomats of the United States, could
shake the decree of the English court. This. is one rea
son that English courts possess the veneration of the
English people. They believe that what is right is jus
tice.
, _____ —
HELPERS— T. H. t City. Those who
apply for positions as helpers In tha
quartermaster's department are not re
quired to undergo a civil service ex
amination, but they must prove that
they have the ability to perform tha
work expected of them.
LAST month an attempt was made by a fanatic of
the Jewish, Zionist movement to take the life of
Dr. Max Nordau. 'The would-be assassin gave as
the reason for his deed an alleged attempt of Dr. Npr
«lau and Dr. Herzl to sway the Zionistic sentiment
for a reunited Judea into support of a proposed colony
for Jews- on the east coast of Africa. In striking down
the heads of this plot, as the disordered brain of the
fanatic conceived^ it to be, the self-appointed murderer
felt that he would be saving the Hebraic dream of; a"
rebuilded temple and a restored ark of the covenant
from disruption at the hands of false prophets.
This attempt at the destruction of the man who has
been at the forefront of the Zionist movement from the
moment of its conception by Theodore Herzl. in 1896
brings to the public eye, once more the* grand scheme
which now has its followers throughout all Jewry, and
offers a striking "example of the stupendous obstacles
which' stand in the way of a fulfillment of it. Worthy to
be ranked as one of the phenomena of the history of
the races, yet doomed, it would seem, .to be the last
and greatest tragedy of this 'people of tragic history, is
this remarkable attempt to rehabilitate a state, dead
these 1600 years, with a congeries, of nationalities whose
tongues are babel.
In the very zeal which moved this fanatic to level
his pistolat Nordau -is. to be found one great barrier
to the success" of the movement. Distrust of their lead
ers, suspicion of the motives of "their highest men, jeal
ousy among themselves^these. are the leaden weights
which drag upon the enterprise. In the very nature of
things it cannot be expected of human nature that- a
great brotherhood of religious enthusiasts, gathered from
every, civilized- land and representing a dozen different
nationalities, should possess any great degree of har
mony, lofty and undivided as their purpose may be.
In a recent essay, upon the Zionist movement Nordau
himself has given voice to this very danger. He says:
"Many of them (the opponents of the movement) con
tent themselves with libeling and insulting- leaders of the
Zionist movement. This kind of ; hostility, they who are
vilified can afford tp despise. Men who.fwithout expect
ing the slightest advantage to themselves, out of the
purest, rriost unselfish love for the unhappy ones of their
race, out of reverence for their forefathers, out of a
general spirit of philanthropy, have made. the. greatest'
sacrifices; in money, time, strength aiid health in order
to elevate their people. and to free the millions" of in
nocent, persecuted men from - the bitterest misery^ have
THE BURDENS OF THE ZIONISTS.
CALIFORNIA JACK— A. S., City.
The card game called "California Jack"
Is one of the numerous progeny of
"All Fours." It is usually played by
two or four persons, with a pack off
fifty-two cards, which rank as at whist.
'Ansivcfs to Queries.
*
point of view, differences of opinion.
My friend occupied a room directly
under that belonging to the pianis't.
and it is unnecessary to state that he
changed his abiding place as soon as
he possibly could to quarters* in the
farthest wing of the hotel,, believing
that in this case distance would lend,
if not enchantment, at least resigna
tion and* a soothing calm. y>-
In order to, derive the greatest benefit
from the scales it will be well for the
pupil to practice them in all keys, and
In all the different arrangements possi
ble.
After the "plain scale" come scales
In "thirds," "sixths" and "tenths."
In playing "thirds" the pupil plays the
left hand as usual, while the right, in
stead of being placed an octave above
the left, as In the plain scale, is placed
only a third above it. If the left band
begins on C this would bring the right
In the war of clashing interests now raging toward a
crash of arms in the Orient the -world is gossiping over
the probable fate of Japan and of Russia in the outcome.
But what about Korea? It seems that both antagonists
are determined to settle their disputes on her unhappy
ground and she will not even be allowed the ungrateful
role of a peacemaker. <•
STARTING SCALE IN
SIXTHS."
Scene— Imperial Palace, St Peters
burg. Nicholas to his Prime Minister-
Why all this delay-sky? Why don't we
pltch-in-sky and send Japan-sky to the
bottom of the sea-sky?
The Prime Minister — Tour Maje-sty.
the American war correspondents have
not yet arrived on the scene.
Nicholas— Ah! Then we must wait
sky. Slamjamorovlch, another glass of
whl-sky.
'Another Joke.
Overheard in the office of the Noveo
Vremya,.St. Petersburg: Editor of the
funny column to the managing Editor
— "It's useless to attempt to roast the
Japanese."
"Why so, Mr. Jokovlch?"
"Because, you see, they are already
little brown men."
A Joke.
Only two years later a few village
boys were playing at marbles one Sun
day afternoqn In a field near Bea
worth, in Hampshire, when one of them
caught sight of a piece of lead project
ing from a cart rut In a rough road
that crosscfd the pastures. Tugging at
the strio of metal, he disclosed a hole,
and throush the exposed opening he
saw a pile of glittering coins, bright
as if fresh from the mint. To v flll his
pockets and those of his playmates was
the work of a few moments, and so
little did the youngsters appreciate the
value of their discovery that on their
way home they amused themselves by
flinging the coins Into the village pond.
Ultimately nearly 7000 coins were re
covered from this burled treasure chest,
and they proved to be of the reigns of
William T and "William II. and In a
wonderful state of preservation.—Bos
ton Transcript.
Hidden treasure has an Irresistible
attraction for the human race. On the
slightest hint from seer or fortune tell
er some one is sure tc dig where the
buried treasure is supposed to be, and
disappointment does not discourage an
other attempt when another "tip" Is
received. Very few have ever come
upon hidden treasure, and the few have
found It unexpectedly.
Take, for instance, that romantic un
earthing of 200,000 coins In the bed cf
the river Dove, In Staffordshire, sev
enty-two years ago. Some workmen
were engaged in removing a mudbank
which had formed in the center of the
river, when one of them was amazed
to find on raising his spade that it glis
tened with silver coins.
Attracted by the digger's exclama
tions of astonishment and delight, his
fellow workmen hurried" up, and in a
moment half a dozen men were scram
bling and fighting for the treasure, fe
verishly filling their pockets, their hats
and beer cans with silver coins, which
were worth their weight in gold, for
they were of the time of the first two
Edwards and had lain in the river for
500 years. That the bulk of the treas
ure trove was ultimately claimed by
the Duchy of Lancaster matters little,
for its finders had already appropri
ated scores of thousands of the precious
disks. ;
Hidden Treasures.
I merely mention this to show how
extremely necessary the greatest pian
ists consider scale practice as a means
to retain their art in its perfection. .
Regarding the joys of listening to
such scale practice twelve hours a day
there may be. from the outsider's
one of the most famous concert
pianists of to-day, told me not long
ago that the pianist in question prac
ticed scales — nothing but scales — all
day long. • From morning until night,
day after day. up and down the piano
his fingers flew unceasingly — and yet
he is a wonderful pianist, and must, it
would seem, have already realized the
height of his ambition In bringing
forth for the benefit of the public
the exquisite music to be heard at
his recitals.
All the various brilliant and beautiful
dyes employed for coloring various
kinds of fabrics are produced from this
substance. Coal tar also furnishes the
basis for several kinds of medicines,
such as trlonal, sulphonal and so on.
Saccharine, which Is a substitute for
sugar. Is also made from coal tar. Car
bolic acid (phenol), the most Important
and best known antlseStic and disin
fectant, Is a product of coal tar. Ben
zol, a clear and colorless liquid resem
bling alcohol to some extent, is another
distillate which Is" employed for remov
ing grease spots from fabrics and also
as a solvent for India rubber. Then we
have naphthalene, a substance which to
some extent resembles camphor, and i3
employed, like camphor, to protect
woolen fabrics from moths. In addition
to this there are an almost Innumer
able number of products made from
coal tar which can be nitrated and
which form the basis of high explo
sives, the best known being picric acid,
which Is nitrated carbolic acid and is
chemically known as trinitrophenol.
Trinitrotoluene and trlnitrocj;es,ol are
also well-known high explosives made
in exactly the same manner as picric
acid and having practically the same
properties as far as explosi venesa . Is
concerned. — Harper's "Weekly.
Dyes From Coal Tar.
Prisoner was seen to look at ' the
hands of the clock over the judicial
head and then speak earnestly with his
counsel. It was 12 o'clock. Counsel
for the defense was on the point of ris
ing to his feet to address the Judge
when Brown spoke up.
"May it please your honor," said he,
"I think that the prisoner the bar
is hungry and that his attorney is go
ing to plead for, a recess until after
lunch. If the prisoner's hunger is so
pressing, we might recall the waiter."
It seems that one of the peace-loving
residents of somnolent Oakland had as
saulted a waiter and so far forgotten
his early training as to chew the wait
er's ear with much vigor during the
melee. The Oaklander was being tried
for mayhem. The waiter had just been
released from the witness stand at the
closing of the taking of testimony and
the jury was about to be Instructed.
Some believe that Assistant District
Attorney Everett J. Brown over in the
Alameda County courts does not pos
sess any elements of wit in his mental
make-up, but the following story would
seem to confirm that as one of his
many accomplishments.
'A Delicacy. *
SOME time ago The Call directed attention to cer
tain statements made by Herr Ballin, director gen
-eral of the Hamburg-American line, in an inter
view., with the New York Herald, in opposition to the
policy of promoting the American merchant marine by
governmental aid. The statements of Mr. Balhn were
reviewed by Senator Frye, one of the strongest advo
cates of the policy which the German ship-owner con
demns. He pointed out that the upbuilding of the Ger
man merchant marine was due to governmental aid, and
that American ships, unassisted by the Government and
compelled to. pay high prices for American labor, both in
constructing the ship and in operating it, could not
compete with the subsidized foreign lines built and run
by cheap foreign labor.
The discussion did not end there. Foreign ship
owners arc so eager to prevent the ', upbuilding • of an
American merchant marine that would deprive them of
the "immense annual tribute they now draw from this
country that they have not been willing to let the issue
pass without attempting at least to refute the arguments
of the Senator. One of the ablest of these efforts to dis
credit the shipping bill appears in the New York Herald
of January 2 in the form of "a long and interesting article
by Emil L. Boas, general manager of the Hamburg-
American line. Mr. Boas strenuously upholds the asser
tions of his director general, and insists that the Ameri
can people would be very foolish should they imitate
the policy of the Germans and promote their merchant
marine by the grant of governmental aid.
In the course of his reply to Herr Ballin Senator
Frye quoted a report on the German ship subsidies- from
United States Consul General Mason at Berlin, and said:
"Our Consul General goes on to show how subsidy and
the accompanying requirements that the subsidized ships
shall be built in German yards so stimulated construc
tion in the empire that both the North German Lloyd
and Hamburg-American companies were enabled to or
der home ships like the Kaiser Wilhelm der Grosse,
Friedrich der Grosse, Koenigin Luise, Auguste Vic
toria, Fuerst Bismarck, Patricia and Palatia. That they
did all this Consul General Mason declares was mainly
due to the fact that they were forced into it by an
act of legislation."
Mr. Boas, in replying to Senator Frye, undertakes to
break the force of the report of Consul General Mason
by saying that the Hamburg-American line has enjoyed
the benefits of a subsidy for but two steamers out of a
fleet of one hundred and twenty-five, and that so far
from being forced by legislative action to withdraw its
patronage from British contractors, during all the period
under consideration it repeatedly ordered ships in British
yards.
The controversy is the more interesting to the Amer
ican people because it shows how eager the foreign
=hip-owners are to defeat any measure before' Congress
designed to promote the American merchant' marine.
It has been estimated that the tribute we pay to foreign
ers for carrying our ocean commerce amounts to as
much as $200,000,000 annually. Perhaps that accounts
for £he interest they take in the shipping bill and their
repeated counsel to the American people not to enact
SHIPPING SUBSIDIES.
A friend of mine, who chanced to
be stopping at the same hotel with
Scales keep the fingers in good con
dition as nothing else will and add
ever-increasing fluency to the musi
cian's touch.
As the pupil advances he will ob
serve more and more the great ad
vantages to be gained from systematic
scale practice.
<Sor.f writer, foreier'.y director of music in the
College cf St. John the Baptist, N>w York.)
(Copyright, 19^4, by Joseph B. Bowie*.]
nr ANICE TERHUNE
Practice on Scales.
By courtesy of the managers of the St. Louis Expo
sition the University of California will receive all the
space it thinks it requires at the groat fair. This should
be to the directors of the Berkeley institution at once a
congratulation and an obligation, an opportunity to illus
trate our triumphs in education and a duty to show what
we have done that is of the best.
Guests at the Imperial table in Berlin
become familiar with a series of plates
upon which history is Indelibly written.
The Kaiser uses three dinner services
ordered and owned by Frederick the
Great, although the greater part of the
china belonging to this monarch la In
the Hohenzollern museum. One of
these is a service which Frederick had
made for his palace at Potsdam.—Har
per's Bazar.
cesaity for additional services is be
yond the power of a commoner's imag
ination. How the "best china" of royal
china closets Is preserved from the
"breakage" which is the menace of low
lier homes is not recorded; at all events
the priceless service owned by the
Kaiser's grandfathers la said to be still
intact and still in use.
THE two wings of the Democracy seem determined
to feed, either separately or together. The Jack
son banquet in Omaha seems to have enraged the
supporters of Mr. Bryan, who propose to give him a dol
lar dinner, at Lincoln on his return from Europe, in
which he shall be the lone, bright and particular star.
•Between these two political dinners one has been eaten
and spoken over in New York, which brought together
Tammany and Hill. Olney and Murphy. Mr. Olney
made a polished speech, but it was an example of innu
endo. It attacked thje administration in negative meta
phor, by laying down what a Democratic administration
would not do. In this way our present foreign policy
was attacked. But Mr. Olney seems to have forgotten
his letter, written when Hawaii and the Philippines
were burning questions, in which he put Washington's
farewell address out of focus as of. any present value.
That address had long been a.guideboard on the na
tional highway, but Mr. Olney chopped it down arid
planted in its place another, inscribed "The. United
States_ assumes its responsibility as a world power."
Conservative Democrats were appalled at his position,
while the more adventurous spirits of the party rejoiced
at his expansive views. Now he appears, eating and
drinking and railing because his counsel has been fol
lowed. What did he mean by .a world power? Are we
to stick our foot out into the world and when it is trod
on are we to whimper, apologize, or kick? The Demo
cratic Monroe doctrine makes us the trustees of the
hemisphere. Are we to let Germany plant naval stations
here, permit the revolutionary bandits of Central Amer
ica prevent our building the canal, let a foreign power
acquire islands that command either of its ends, and be a
world power for bluster and not for business? If so,
Mr. Olney's letter was our commission as the Don
Quixote of the nations, with a barber's basin for the
helmet of Mambrino and a cheese knife for the sword of
the Cid Campeador. He does not seem to appreciate the
difference between a world power and a world laughing
stock. But, after all, his speech had all the frigid dig
nity of New England in it, and when he came to discuss
Presidential candidates he had only one to offer, and
that his old chief, Mr. Cleveland.
As Mr. Cleveland has declined, and is not in the habit
of trifling, this was equivalent to saying that the' party
has no candidate. Then a letter from Mr. Cleveland was
read in which he took occasion to read a needed lecture
to the new Tammany government of New York, exhort
ing it to behave and govern wisely and cleanly. This
was like advising the leopard to change his spots and
the Ethiopian his skin. There is no assurance that what
the seasoned Knickerbocker Van Wyck failed to do will
be done by the raw and sentimental McClellan.
After this Mr. Hill was introduced and justified the
sobriquet of "'Little Dave," given him by his old chief
Tweed. He proceeded to feed his hearers the peanuts of,
politics. He nominated both Murphy and McClellan to
the Presidency, won victories in his mind, and measured
the administration in his half-pint cup. The dinner proba
bly produced no effect except indigestion for thos/2 who
ate it, and the country is sick guessing in the dark about
what the party will do. Nor does the party itself seem
to know any better now than' it did after the defeat of
1900. Its orators speak in more tongues than • have
been heard since the dispersion of man upon the plains
of Shinar. Bryan's dollar dinner will add to the Babel.
We do not pretend that such a condition is best for
the country or for the Republican party. In a free soci
ety intelligent opposition is a necessity. But naturally
the Republican party cannot be responsible for creating
such an opposition to itself. That rests upon the shoul
ders of its friend the enemy, and instead of doing it the
enemy is eating indigestible dinners and talking indiges
tible tommyrot.
"The* greatest freak you ever saw,"
was the answer; "a cat with buttons
on his tail. I'll make a fortune exhibit
ing him."
"You are a lucky man," said the
steward. "Come in here and let us see
him."« And he led him Into the "D. T."
cell and slammed the door shut.
For more than an hour he had been
sitting in a dark corner in the waiting
room at the Central Emergency* Hos
pital. Not a word had he uttered dur
ing all that time; neither had he stirred
and the attaches were beginning to
wonder what brought him there. He
did not look to be in need of any treat
ment and as he made no disturbance
no one bothered him. For fully an
other hour he remained there and then
suddenly he got up and tip-toed to an
other corner of the room. A few min
utes later, without uttering a sound or
making a particle of noise, he tip-toed
back again. Then, still on tip-toe, he
began circling around the room. Sud
denly he made a dive under the wall
desk on which is kept the book of rec
ords of the hospital. As he landed on
his hands and knees under the desk
he let out a yell of triumph. "I've got
you, I've got you," he cried, rising to
his feet, and laughing .and capering
about with Joy.
"What have you got?" said the stew
ard, who had rushed Into the room at
the sound of the man's voice.
His Fortune Made.
Even more important than the "bro
ken arpeggrios" are the "running ar
peggios." In these the same notes are
used as in the other arpeggios, but the
runs, once started, are played straight
up the keyboard as far as the will of
the pianist. Instead of continually go
ing back and starting over again, as
in the arpeggios I have already de
scribed. The runs are, In fact, un
broken, and therein lies the difference
between the two.
The fingers used in the running ar
peggios of the right hand are the first,
second and third. The fifth finger
would naturally fall on the upper C
of the octave, but the thumb passes
under the other fingers (exactly as it
does in the scale) and comes out on C,
thus carrying the hand along to the
next octave, and so on, up and down
the keyboard. In descending, the third
finger is the one that crosses over on
its downward course— the left hand be
ing just the opposite of the right, both
ascending and descending.
In these arpeggfos, as in the scales
already described, great care must be
taken that the finger that crosses over
or under the others (either ascending
or descending) does not bring into un
due prominence the note on which it
strikes. As a preventive of this it will
be well for the pupil to review the
"preparatory scale exercise" given in
one of the earlier lessons. In. this ex
ercise the passing of the fingers over
and under is dealt with, and it -can
easily be. brought to the assistance of
the pupil who is really trying to make
his runs sound "harplike." It is es
pecially Important that there should be
no hitch in the rhythm of an arpeggio,
as the whole effect is necessarily spoiled
by even one halting or stumbling note.
In order to work ui> these runs to a
rapid tempo they should be treated ex
actly as are the scales. In other words,
they should be practiced with the met
ronome, and counted in "ones," "twos"
and "threes" (as explained in other les
sons), according to the number of oc
taves comprised.
Next the fingers move up to E, that
is, the E just above the C on which
they began the exercise. In this case
the notes to be played in succession
are E. G. C, E. The other of the fin
gers is first the thumb, then second
finger, then fourth (on account of the
long reach between G and C), then
fifth finger, in the right hand. The
order used in the left is first and fifth,
then fourth, then second, then first
finger or thumb. 'At the next . move
the fingers start with thumb and fifth
finger, as usual, but this time on G.
The other notes in the group (C, E, G)
are played by the second, fourth and
fifth fingers in the right hand, and
third, second and first In the left
hand. Xext the first and fifth fingers
take C once more, bringing them just
an octave higher than they were
when the exercise started.
As soon as the student becomes fa
miliar with the style of fingering nec
essary for these arpeggios he must be
gin practicing them systematically,
from one octave to another, up and
down the whole length of the piano.
The descending arpeggios need no
explanation, as the fingering is Just
the same as it was in the ascending
arpeggio except that the right hand
uses in descending the fingering that
the left hand used in ascending, and
the fingers of the left hand are used
exactly as those of the right hand
were in the ascending exercise. This
explanation may sound rather intri
cate to the uninitiated, but it all
works out very simply, indeed, as the
pupil will see when he begins, j
The right hand starts with the
thumb (first finger) on C. and the left
hand with the fifth finger on C an oc
tave below the right Next, the sec
ond finger in the right hand strikes E,
while the left hand at the same time
strikes E with the fourth finger. Then
G is struck with the third finger in
the right hand, and the second finger
in the left. Next the fifth finger of
the right hand strikes C and the left
covers C with the thumb. This is the
first part of the arpegrgio.
A long apprenticeship at the single
scales makes a splendid foundation for
the time when the hands are to prac
tice the scales together, and even after
the student has become most proficient
in rar>ld, difficult scale work with the
hands together he will gain much by
going back occasionally to the single
scale, played with separate hands.
Now we come to the "arpeggios."
Tou w'll remember that I explained
the meaning of the word (harp) in
one of my earlier lessons, and the pu
pil must try to carry out the word
meaning by m&king his runs as harp
like as possible.
We will take first the "broken ar
peggios." with the key of C for a sam
ple key, understanding that the ar
peggios, when once learned, are to be
practiced on all the keys, as are the
other forms of the scale. •
AH this is well for the pupil to learn
fairly soon, but I preferred not to bring
It into these lessons earlier, as it is
best to become perfectly familiar with
the simple scale, played with the hands
separate, before attempting to put them
together or trying to go too much into
the Intricacies of the scales that con
tain sharps and flats.
Too much use of the hands together
Is not a good thing in scale practice,
for in that way one hand unconsciously
becomes careless and depends upon the
other hand to do all the steady work.
note, or, In other words, the beginning
of every octave — this, of course, to be
done only in rapid scale practice.
This" should all be worked up with
the aid of the metronome, as explained
in former lessons.
the right 'smilingly to shrug their shoulders when irre
sponsible fanatics or pitiable paid scribes reproach them
with self-interest or vanity.''
Despite the assaults of' the traducers and notwith
standing the fact that among the Hebrew race itself the
Zionist movement finds its bitterest enemies, the move
ment which was set on foot in 1896 has been making
great headway. Upon no uncertain and evanescent foun
dations have the Zionists built their hopes for the es
tablishment of a new Palestine, but upon the firm rock
of nationality. For the sake of the brave few who have
already gone to the Holy Land and there begun to till
the soil, for the sake of the thousands in Russia who
count the Christmas celebration of the Greek church
only as a signal for murder and rapine, it is to be
hoped that the stupendous dream of the Zionists may
some day Have its full realization.
DINNERS AND POLITICS.
THE SAN . FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 13; 190*.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHN D. SPRECEELS, Proprietor Address All Communications to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Office <*~i||||gwi> Third and Market Streets, S. F.
WEDNESDAY. '. JANUARY 13, 1904'
8
INSTRUCTIVE STUDIES
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMEN
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMESEmma Albin, 19 years old, swal
lowed the contents of a vial of car
bolic acid in- her room in the Prescott
House, Pacific and Kearny streets, at
1 o'clock this morning. She/ died an
hour later at. the Central Emergency
Hospital. The girl had been employ
ed in the Cape ? Nome saloon on Pa
cific street Her parents live in
Fresno.
Swallows Carbolic Acid.
Fire broke out in the kitchen of
the Epicure restaurant on Ellis street
shortly after 2 - o'clock this morning,
but the flames .were extinguished be
fore a great deal of damage was done.
The occupants of the Hotel Ellis, in
which buildins the restaurant is lo
cated, were greatly excited by. the
smoke that filled the hallways, but
the flames were confined to the
kitchen.
Fire In a Restaurant.
The Draymen's Association sent a
communication yesterday to the
Board of Supervisors in which In
ipector of Stone Pavements C. J. Gal
agher of the Department of Public
A T orks is commended for his work in
•upervising the repairs done on stone
pavements In this city. The business
nanager of the association reported
hat while the traffic has increased
Commends Work of Inspector.
There were 162 fire permits issued
luring the year for alterations costing
n each instance less than $500, the
tg-gregate cost being $26,568.
Alterations to 525 old buildings
*ere made at & total cost of $2,003,
163. The fees collected for permits
in the erection and alteration of
juildings aggregated $18,992 50.
Revised figures by the
bureau of Buildings yesterday sho^y
:hat there were 1611 new buildings
projected during 1903, most of which
jave been erected. The estimated cost
jf their construction is fixed at $15,
t54.7€2.
Were Projected In 1903, Costing
Sum of $15,254,762.
aevlsed Figures Show 1611 Structures
Two verdicts were returned yester
day by a Coroner's jury in the matter
of the inquest on the body of Vincenzo
Lavagnio, a scavenger, who died" on
January 5 from the effects of a beating
inflicted by Giovanni Fossa, Antonio
Tassa and Francisca Rossi several
months ago. Eight jurors decided
that death resulted "from an assault
committed by Giovanni Fossa, Fran
cesca Rossi and Antonio Tassa, whom
we charge with the crime of murder."
Juror A. F. Hing returned a verdict
of voluntary manslaughter, but this
verdict was not approved by the Cor
oner.
S00 per cent in the last three years,
Gallagher has kept the streets in the
downtown districts in better condition
and has done more work with a small
er appropriation than has been dona
in the interval of ten years bafore.
Copies of the communication were also
sent to the Mayor and Board of
Works.
Charged With Murder.
IIAXY NEW BUILDINGS
ERECTED DURING YEAR
St Louis has been selected by the
Democratic committee as the place in
which to hold the Presidential conven
tion, and July C is the date selected.
From now on the candidates will work
overtime. If ycu see to it- that your
kitchen is provided with a gas range
your cook won't have to work overtime
to get your meals. For sale by the S. F.
Gas & Electric Co., 415 Post st. ;• -
William Robinson, who stole a beau
tiful pair of lavender trousers from
Charles Landeau, who keeps a saloon
on Pacific street, and also took along
an overcoat that was a poem in dun
and purple, with big mother-of-pearl
buttons down each side, was convicted
of petty larceny yesterday by Judge
Conlan and sentenced to three months
Constant Gets Six Months.
United States District Judge de
Haven yesterday sentenced Manuel
Constant to imprisonment In the So
noma County Jail for six months and
to pay a fine of $500, he having been
convicted of distilling brandy without
paying the revenue tax thereon.
Boatman J. Gately at 10:15 o'clock
yesterday morning found the body
of a sailor floating in the bay near sec
tion 1 of the seawall. When the body
was searched at the Morgue several
letters addressed' to Mr. Hughes and a
seaman's certificate in the name of
Patrick M. Hughes, a native of Bel
fast, Ireland, were found. The fea
tures were decomposed beyond recog
nition, but there is no doubt that the
body, is that of Hughes. A harp and
shamrock . were tattooed on the back
of the right hand and a bracelet
around the left wrist. These marks
were also described on the certificate.
Sailor Hughes Drowned.
The committee acted on the pretext
:hat there are no rooms vacant at the
sresent time in the City Hall and that
t is a matter for the courts to decide
whether Golden, Dorn or Gallagher
should be assigned to quarters as Jus
:ice of the Peace. The committee was
n favor of permitting Golden to oc
:upy a room, if he can find one, until
.he case is decided by the courts.
Sheriff Curtis appeared before the
;ommittee and asked that his office
ye renovated and repaired. The com
nittee agreed to do the work.
' Although Judge Murasky has de
tided that Isidore Golden is the de
!acto Justice of the Peace appointed
jy the Governor, the Supervisors'
Public Building Committee yesterday
leclined to assign apartments to Gold-
Mi for hie use.
5Ui>ervisors' Building Committee Ke
fuses to Give Isidore Golden
Quarter* in tlie City Hall.
The hearing of the contest of the
will of the late Isabella D. Clark was
resumed yesterday in the Probate
Court. It was restricted to the cross
examination of the Rev. John Hemp
hill, who testified Monday that in his
opinion the mind of Miss Clark was
not sound when she made her will.
At the * hearing to-day Jerome Hart
husband of Alice Ann Hart, one of the
contestants, will be examined.
Dr. Hemphill's testimony was not
changed by the cross-examination.
He stuck to his assertions that Miss
Clark was mentally unsound and nar
rated additional incidents in proof of
his statements.
Dr. John Hempbill Sticks to His State
ment That Miss Clark's Mind
Was Unsound.
4VIIX NOT ASSIGN ROOMS
TO JUSTICE OF THE PEACE
LAWYERS CROSS-EXAMIXE
WOMAN'S SPIRITUAL ADVISER
Peter M. Bargones was before Judge
Mogan yesterday on the charge of as
sault with a deadly weapon. He heaved
a large and heavy rock at a rival driver
down near the sea wall Monday even
ing. The rock missed its mark, but
landed heavily on the head of Thomas
Curtis, an innocent bystander. Curtis
is resting under the care of physicians
at St. Mary's Hospital, and the charge
against Bargones was continued until
the, result of his injuries can be ascer
tained.
At the general meeting of the Cali
fornia Schuetzen Club, held last even
ing, the following officers were elected
to serve during the ensuing year:
President, Phllp Jacoby; vice president,
A. Rahwyler;, secretary, T. J. .Carroll;
second secretary,' Louis Reubold; treas
urer, Otto Bremer; first shooting mas
ter, J. C. Waller; second, William F.
Blasse: - third, Emil Woenne Jr.; trus
tees, L. C. Babin, F. A. Kuhrs. H. Gum
bel; directors, , F. Levers, M. Reubold,
L. Reubold, A. Strecker, L. C. Babin,
O. Bremer, Philb Jacoby* finance com
mittee, A. L. Ott and Charles Simon.
Hold Annual Election.
i Those contemplating an excursion trip
I to Alaska the coming summer should at
! tend the lecture to be given by Mr. E.
j Burton Holmes in Lyric Hall. 121 Eddy
' st.. on evening January 19. Mr. Holmes
' illustrates his work by many fine stere
i opticon views, including a number ot
motion pictures.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company
i will run six exclusive excursions to
| Alaska season 1904, leaving Seattle, Ta
! coma and Victoria June 7-21. July 5-19.
\ j^ujsrust 2-16.
Full Information, including illustrated
j descriptive literature, may be obtained
¦ at ticket offices. 4 New Montgomery st.
; (Palace Hotel) or 10 Market st. CD.
Punann, General Passenger Agent
AlasUa Excursions.
The stout ship Olivebank from down
Yarmouth way lay becalmed in the fair
bay of San Francisco. The hull shone
with new paint and the rigging was
as taut as an undershirt on a prize
fighter. Everything was rhip-shape,
except that a vandal had stolen her
compasses. All that remained to steer
by was the Northern star and the
Southern cross. A merciful providence
has sequestered these from thieves for
the benefit of mariners. - .
Also there was missing from the ship
a deep-sea mariner by the name of
William Henderson. The bold captain
put the compasses and the missing sai
lor together and complained to the po
lice. When Henderson was caught he
was on the point of departure on an
other deep-sea vessel, bound for the
coral shores of Tahiti. An investiga
tive policeman found that Henderson
had pledged the compasses for a paltry
sum and spent one glad night on the
proceeds. "
Before Judge Conlan yesterady the
captain of the ship was on the bridge
for a few minutes. He told the court
that one of the compasses was worth
"fully 4 pun," and the other cost "15
pun." Jack Rice, ' the clerk, who has
dealt in all kinds of money during a
brief but eventful career, figured out
that both were misdemeanor charges,
and so advised the Judge. Accordingly
Henderson was consigned to the tender
care of the Sheriff for six months on
each charge. It was really necessary
for him to get his bearings without the
aid of the ship's compasses.
"I don't believe I care to look at
sawdust," said the Judge. "For four
teen years I have gazed at it during
campaigns, and, besides, I. don't like
steam beer. You are adjudged guilty
and must pay a fine of $5. Why don't
you hire a scavenger of your own and
let our scavengers alone?"
Ah Wing was a defendant in Judge
Mogan's court yesterday. He has been
in the habit of sweeping the sawdust
out of his fish shop" in Fish alley and
carefully depositing it on a wagon fur
nished by the Board of Public Works.
It is a law enacted by the Supervisors
that all garbage must be carted away
at the expense of its original possessor,
and there be many from Sicily who are
glad to take the job for a small re
muneration.
Ah Wing had a sample of nice, clean
sawdust which he was anxious to make
"Exhibit A" for the'defense. Through
an interpreter he told the Judge that
everything he had loaded on the wag
ons of the Board of Public Works was
as sweet as the cedar grindings he of
fered as evidence.
Ah Lung possessed himself of a new
hose, and the pride of it led him to vio
late the law*. He insisted on wetting
dowji nearly every sidewalk in China
town. So thoroughly was he infatuated
with his new acquisition that he turned
the stream on Policeman George Doug
lass, who was quietly patrolling his
beat. Douglass remembered about an
ordinance prohibiting wetting the side
walks after 8 o'clock in the morning, so
he haled Ah Lung before Judge Mogan
yesterday. The Chinaman was fined $5
for his liberal use of water and told to
never again sprinkle a policeman. \
Chief Wlttman identified specimens
of the defendant's handwriting, which
she had written in his presence after
her arrest, and they were admitted as
evidence. The case will go^ on this
morning:. .
Carl Schmidt, steward at the Ger
man Hospital, testified to Bowers' con
dition when he was taken to the hos
pital, where he died In a few hours, and
Alfred Voligny, a member of the Odd
Fellows' lodge to which Bowers be
longed, gave similar. testimony.
The trial of Mrs. Martha E. Bowers,
charged with the murder of her hus
band, Martin L. Bowers, by adminis
tering arsenic to*. him, -was resumed be
fore a jury in Judge Cook's court yes
terday. Several witnesses were exam
ined, but their evidence was the same
as given at the preliminary examina
tion. They were all sharply cross-ex
amined by Attorney Erank G. Drury.
Dr. John F. Dillon testified to having
attended Bowers in July last and hav
ing\diagnosed the case as one of gas
tritis. Dr. John Lagan, who had also
been called in, testified he had treated
Bowers for a weak heart, fever and
paralysis. Dr. Frank T. Green, the city
chemist, testified to having found ar
senic in the deceased's stomach.
Dr. Alfred McLaughlin, who attended
Bowers up to the day before his death,'
testified as to his condition during that
time. When Bowers was removed to
the Waldeck Sanatorium he improved,
and at the request of the defendant he
was taken home again, when the bad
symptoms again prevailed. The wit
ness denied having signed the prescrip
tion of "McLaughlin, M. D." for ar
senic, which was filled at a drug store
at Fifth and Folsom streets.
J. C. Peterson, the drug clerk who
filled the prescription referred to, testi
fied that to the best of his knowledge
and belief Mrs. Zylphla Sutton, the de
fendant's sister, was the woman who
brought it to the store and got the ar
senic. She assured him that it was for
Dr. McLaughlin. There was no quan
tity mentioned in the prescription. It
was filled a few days before Bowers'
death.
In view of the proposed investigation
>y the Board of Supervisors mto the
illeged violation of civil service by the
health Board it is not likely that any
>f the civil service appointees will be
Listurbed by the Board of Public Works
it itp"rneetlnK to-day. A number of
;he 140 non-civil service or so-called
emporary employes will lose their
>laces. among them boing eighteen jan
tors. tn be replaced by one man from
?ach Assembly district who took an
ictive part in Mayor Schmitz's cam
)aign. In fact, it is stated on good
iiithority that the fiat has gone forth
hat men who worked for the Mayor
vill be retained or appointed to places.
The Board of Health will meet to
morrow morning at 11 o'clock and prob
ably take some action looking to a
ccrmpliance with the civil service rule
providing- that when civil service eligi
bles are laid off it shall be in the in
verse order of their standing on the
eligible list
It appears that through Inadvertence
some of the food and market inspectors
were retained to the exclusion of others
removed who stand higher on the eligi
ble list The attention of the Civil Ser
vice Commission was called to the vio
lation of the rule and a conference was
mmediately held with Dr. James "Ward,
president of the Health Board, who
assured the commission that the error
would be rectified at once, as the
Health Board did not desire to violate
any of the rules adopted by the Civil
Service Commission. In that event
some of the appointments made will be
revoked.
Regarding the contention of certain
:ivil service appointees who were re
moved that the Health Board has no
'.egal right to abolish positions, the
CTivll Service Commission holds to the
opinion that the Health Board has the
power to determine the necessity of
positions under its control and may
abolish them if It so desires. City At
tnj-ney Lane rendered an opinion some
:ime ago on this point when the Board
3f Public Works desired to appoint a
Tiale stenographer to serve under John
3arnett, the then building inspector.
Lane held that the Civil Service Com
mission had no power to question the
appointment of employes in the various
Tiunicipal departments other than to
lee that the civil service provisions of
.he charter were complied with in mak-
Tig the appointments. The contention
3f the Board of Works was upheld and
Thomas Powers was appointed sten
sgrapher. though the Civil Service
Commission did not think that Barnett
seeded one.
Regarding the abolition of the sec
retaryship of the Board of Health, it
i= the latter's opinion that as the char
:er does not provide for the appoint
nent of a secretary it has the right to
tbolish the place.
WTiite makes a general denial of the
charges of Attorney Philbrook and the
WaCleighs. Attorney Stevens for the
society says that nothing further will
be done to keep the children from their
parents. The Wadleighs have a home
in Seattle.
The girl subsequently corroborated
these statements and made further al
legations against her temporary guard
ians.
When the decision of the court was
announced by Chief Justice Beatty yes
terday the children Joyfully ran to their
mother, showing unmistakably how
they felt about the matter. Attorney
Horace Philbrook represented the Wad
leighs. White acted on the strength
of an order by Judge Coffey. The court
declared that this proceeding was whol
ly void.
Sarah Wadleigh has been living at
White's home since she was taken from
her mother. She states that she was
compelled to renounce her own name
and to call herself "Florence White."
She also, it is alleged, was instructed
to call White and his wife "papa" and
"mamma." respectively.
Philbrook stated to the court yester
day that the Whites took from the child
yesterday morning everything that
they had given her since she went to
their house. He also asserted that Mrs.
White gave the girl 5 cents and in
structed her to run away from her
mother if the court should decide
against White's claim.
The Supreme Court declared yesterday
that M. J. White, secretary of the Society
for the Prevention of Cruelty to Chil
dren had no right to the
custody of May and Sarah "Wadleigh.
whom he separated from their parents
and each other nearly a' year ago. The'
little girls were told to go with their
mother. The two boys, John and Solo
mon, who were taken away by White
in much the same manner as the girls,
are in the custody of the Boys* and
Girls' Aid Society, and an attempt will
be made to have them returned to their
parents through a writ of habeas cor
pus.
Wade Cabenhover told a story to
Judge Fritz yesterday on how it feels
to be a human fish. He parted with
$1500 to a trio of bunko men, who prom
ised to secure for him nearly all the
southern part of the State of Califor
nia, with theaters and such * things
dropped in. Cabenhover was the only
witness yesterday, and Prosecutor Ike
Harris took him over the many hurdles
he crossed while in the possession of
his pseudo friends.
The accused men are Ben Michaels
and William Harvey, but according to
the testimony of the complaining wit
ness neither of them received any
money. There is a man named William
Stanton, who so far has outreached the
long arm of justice. He actually re
ceived the criSD roll of greenbacks from
Cabenhover, and until he is found the
prosecution of the case seems hopeless.
Supreme Court Says Officer
of Charitable Society Has
No Legal Interest in. Case
Drug Clerk Identifies Defend
ant's Sister as the Woman
Who Bought the Arsenic
Shake-Up Among Temporary
Employes in AVorks Depart
ment Will Take Place To-Day
CHILDREN ARE DELIGHTED
3UGHT TO ABOLISH PLACES
The further hearing of the case was
continued until to-morrow, when the
defendant will take the sta din her
own behalf.
He managed to find certain delin
quencies in connecting the letters of
the signature and also thought that. the
uplines were heavier than was usual
in Laymance's signature. The defend
ant's counsel accepted him as a hand
writing expert and succeeded in mak
ing him uncomfortable. Then he was
shown other checks signed by Lay
mance and found the same differences
that he complained of in the disputed
cvheck. Then he told the court that he
was decidedly uncertain about the gen
uineness of the contested signature.
Laymance was called to the stand
and strenuously denied ever * signing
the demand for $100 which Mrs. Law
rence had presented, to the bank and
on which she had secured the money.
His testimony occupied the better part
of the afternoon and his relations with
the woman were fully developed. It
was not a pleasant story to listen to
and it showed Laymance up in rather a
bad light, albeit that h ; has a bank ac
count.
Mrs. Maude Lawrence, becomingly
gowned in gray and looking five years
younger than the 31 years she claims,
was in Judge Cabaniss' court yesterday
to answer to the charge of forgery- She
is accused of writing checks on the Co
lumbian Banking Company and sign
ing the name of J. W. Laymance, a
prominent real estate dealer of Oak
land, to the instruments.
Specifically she is accused of the for
gery of a $100 check, although there
are several other pieces of white paper
which Laymance claims he did not
sign on which she obtained good, hard
money of the United States from Paul
Mertz, who alternates with the paying
teller of the banking institution during
lunch hours. '
The check on which the charge of
forgery was based was largely in evi
dence and a big bale of other checks,
admittedly genuine, were also pro
duced. Mertz posed as a handwriting
expert and pronounced the disputed
check spurious. At the same time he
admitted that on its presentation he
had passed the signature as ' that Of
Laymance. He told Judge CabJuiiss
that the president, the cashier and^ the
paying teller of the bank believed the
signature to be genuine, but .he alone
stood out for the forgery charge. ,
in the County Jail. The original charge
was burglary, but the Judge thought
the temptation to own such raiment
was sufficient justification to reduce the
charge to a misdemeanor.
OLD ADAGE* EXEMPLIFIED
Irene Wadleigh Is Entitled
to Guardianship of Little
Ones According to the.jjaw
Health Board to Revoke Ap
pointments of Eligibles Who
Displace Some Higher on List
Jledical Testimony Given at
the Trial of Mrs. Martha Bow
,ers on the Charge of Murder
. •*:¦¦¦ i.." . 'r — : - ¦ . ¦ • ¦
Prosecution Is Weak Against the Smartly
Gowned Woman Accused of Cashing Bad
Checks—Henderson Must Suffer for Theft
DOCTORS TELL
OF SYMPTOMS
CIVIL SERVICE
WINS A POINT
MRS. LAWRENCE APPEARS
ON CHARGE OF FORGERY
GETS CUSTODY
OF DAUGHTERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 13, 1904.
9
GRAPE-irPTS.
i
I Grape=Nuts
for breakfast
or lunch *
Energy fop a//day*
"There's a reason."
NEW ADVEBTISEMENTS.
SCIENCE SETTLES XT.
Dandruff Is Caused by a Germ That Saps
tbe Hair's Vitality.
It is now a settled fact that dandruff
Is caused by a germ. Falling hair and
baldness are the result of dandruff. Dr.
E. J. Beardsley, of Champaign. 111., got
hold of the new hair preparation, New-
bro's Herpicide— the only one that kills
the dandruff germ. He says: "I used
Herpicldo for my dandruff and falling
hair and I am well satisfied with the
result." Dr. J. T. Fugate, of Urbana. 111.,
says: "I have used Herpicide for dan-
druff with excellent results. I shall pre-
scribe it in my practice." Herpicide kills
the dandruff germ. Physicians as Well as
the general public say so. Sold by lead-
ing druggists. , Send 10c in stamps for
sample to The Herpicide Co., Deroit,
Mich. j
CASTOR I A
for Infants and Children.
The Kind You Have Always Bought
Bears tha /iff .//ffV *""
Pfllan* DONT FAIL TO
laiaWW S e e tho beautifta
: j COURT Lounging
¦ 51fin room, the EMPIRE
«U*» PARLOR, the
rr i PALM ROOM, the
i urand louis xv par -
*» lttIIU LOR, and the LA-
II ilii DIES ' WRITINQ
Hotels 1 room. j
dB\ g ID B /6% Ammunition. Hunting and
If BE BEftl^L Sporting Goods. Largest
9 SB B 1 b4S stock. Lowest prices. Send
Ul UllW SHKEVE°& U BARBER CO..
~i^. :." 739 Market at; and 021
• ¦- '%-.:¦. Kearny st.
Schools and Colleges*
LEADING ' BUSINESS " COLLEGE ? OF ' THK
WEST. 2* Post at.. Han Francisco. .Cat
Established 40 years. Open entire year.
- Write for til list rated rut aloRru* (free).
AMUSEMENTS.
Racing ]$sm$i& Racing!
OAKLAND RACE TRACK
NEW: CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
Commencing January 4.
- Racing ' Each 'Week Day. Rain or Shine.
Six or More Kaces Daily.
Races "'commence* at 2:151 p.'- m, sharp.
For. epeclal.tr a ins stopping at the track take
8.' P Ferry, foot of Market street, at . 12. .
.12:30, 1:00.-: 1:30 or 2 o'clock. : No smoking In
last two cars, which are reserved for ladles
and '.their , im in in >|i*iiht>#i'JM<»iT|iii|iiil>'nj'l'1iff' |l lJUU'' ll l
Returning: '¦ trains leave' track at J4:1O and
4:45 and immediately after the 1 last race. v< -
, THOMAS H. WILLIAMS. President.
i PKRCX W. TREAT. Secretary.-
AMUSEMENTS.
GRANDS
Xatiat* Saturday— All This Week
Miss Vivian Prescott
"TMS 8OWSBT WAIP"
In tha Pastoral Southern Melodrama.
IN CONVICT STRIPES
A Story of Ufe tn the HIUs of South Carolina.
3TBXT STTO DAT lUTSrSE
ONE NIGHT in JUNE
A PLAT FOR THE PEOPLE.
P«»l Popular Prlcea.
VU &»Uitm&l A LEAK!. TH£ATH£
Nlghtlr. Except Sunday. Matts«« Saturday.
MRS.
Supported by tha
IMPERIAL. THEATER COMPANY : V i;
Of London.
la Percy Fendall's Modern Comedy.
MRS. DEERING'S
DIVORCE.
Next week— hast Nlnhtj of MR3. LAXGTRT.
or rox asto ~~~
a hit. a vsmcznrsotrs srr.
"THE BEAUTY SHOP"
Has already captured the city. Crowds ar»
pouring In. No more "standing room." Get
your seatg quick or stand. A strictly original
musical comedy. FUU to the core with nov-
elties. Our "AU-Suir" Cast. Including Koi:»
and Dill. John Peachy. Ben T. Dillon. Alles
Curtis, Helen Russell. Georgia O'Hanur,
Althea Sisters. Auemented Chorus of "Thirty
Beauties."
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
DEAYES' MERRY MANIKINS
And a Great Siow Everr Afteraoaa. and
STUtxur In the Heatad Tbeatex.
A CHINESE BABT IN THE INFANT INCH-
BATOR.
Visit the Mystic Mirror Mazs.
* Take a Trip' Down the Flume.
nrSPECT "CA3AJRIT OS U MOST."
AMATXTUX N1OKT TBTUaSDAY.
Admlwlon. 10c; Children. 3<t
LYRIC HALL, To-NighttS
BURTON
HOLMES
LECTURES
AST. PETERSPURG.
Magnificent Colored Views and ¦ 1 - •
Realistic Motion Pictures
TO-MORROW EVE.. TEIjLOW8TONE PARK.
SPECIAL MATINEE SATURDAY at 3
•TOSEMITE VALLEY."
Reserved Seats at Sherman. Clay A Co.'%
50c. 75c and $1.00. .
ASTHMANOLA
Is the only cure for Nervous and
i Bronchial ASTHMA.
Your DruKKlst or at MS HA1OHT BT..
Ban Franctaco, CaL -
IA/. T. HESS,
Kotary PnbUo and Attoraey-at-iaw.
Tenth Floor. Room 1015. Clans Sprackal* bide
Telephone Main SS3.
Residence. 821 California st.. below Pow»U,
*-"- Residence Telephone James 1M1» . .
PATTOSIEN'S
Great Odds and Ends Sale
v ' _ While people are taking
(^^^B^^^L advantage of our ODDS
THF RFfiAl RAWfiF
Built to last half a century— consumes less fuel than any
other range on the Coast and its baking facilities are the very
best. The downtown price for this Range is &4%'E* ,{\£\
$36.50. PATTOSIEN'S PRICE
YOU WILL NEED A STOVE BEFORE
ANOTHER THIRTY DAYS %
Don't Walt Until This Great Odds and Ends Sale .
Has Passed You Will Save About Ten Dollars
on Any Stove If you Buy of Us at Once.
The same chance is daily being taken advantage of
by hundreds and hundreds who are buying furniture,
carpets, lace curtains, portieres, etc.
FOR PATTOSIEN'S *^ W4 " v " vw * more so now than
===== I6U1 and Mission Sts. «"¦ before.
AMUSEMENTS.
mils!
PRAISED BT PRESS AND PUBLIC!
MATINEE SATOTtDAT.
•When Johnny
Gomes Marching Home.
A Military Spectacular Comic Opera by Stan-
islaus Stance and Julian Edwards-
Martial Music! Picturesque Bcenery! North-
ern Soldiers and Southern Sweethearts!
Usual Popular Trices 85c, 50c and 73o
Box Seats •I'M
3 A TRIP |JHoyt's| H
S CHINATOWN... U
M Sunday— THE FATAL. WED'
.1 SPECIALi— -P« : «xt Monday — H
M Opening ot advance «ale for L|
yt 'THE ETERNAL CITY." with EM
kl EDWARD MORGAN and entire PfJ
H original New York cast. , LI
lO-BigActs-IO
Howard Tlrnrston; YVallno and Marl-
nette; Asra; White and Simmons;
Fred, llallen and Molly Puller:
.Dumltrescu, Van Auken and Van-
nerson; The ,Sa- Vans; Charlotte
Guyer .George; The Toblns, and
Orpheum Motion Pictures. !",',.'
Regular Matinees Every 'Wednesday, Thurs- j
day. Saturday and Sunday. ¦ Price* 10c, 25c
ant 60c. .w "> -'• " /* -v ; ; ¦ i
ALCAZAR -jrsft
General Manager.
TO-NIGHT — THI3 VSEZ OSLT.
MATINEES SATTTKDAT AJTO SUNDAY
GREAT HIT OF* .
THE MOTH SSowKiniy
~ nr i The Children's
-¦_;.. «..alIU... ¦ Costume
THE FLAMLj^^,
Evi-s.. 25c to 75c. Mats. Sat.and Sun.lSc to SOe.
NEXT MONDAT— First time In this city.
The Wallack Theater'* Hit of Last Season,
The Cyclonic American Comedy,
MRS./JACK,
100 NIGHTS IX NEW YORK.
Market St., near Eighth. ¦ Phone Scoth 833.
TO-KXOBT — ALL THIS WS£Z,
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAT.
First Time Hers of the Eastern Success,
The Moonshiners
A comedy drama of the Virginia Mountains.
ThrlUins! Entrancing! Sensational!
¦¦'.: '¦ > \ First . appearance , in this city, of
TOMMY SHEAEIB,
The new comedian Vf the Central Stock Com-
pany.
PBHTQ Evenings \. ;.;... ...10c to Me
rfilWEj Matinee*.. 10c. 15c. 23<s
Week of Jan. IS— THE BOWEBY .GIRU .
BAJ A CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
| S A GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIGORA-
* tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for joth vexes. -
The Mexican Remedies for Diseases of. th»
Kidneys and ° Bladder.- ¦ Sells on its own merits.
• ¦« NABER. ALFS ft ' BRUNE. Arentt. * * . -
:, 323 Market it.. 6. F.— 03«n4 ror CUcularmj.
' ¦ ADVERTISEMENTS.
I 1?OI&©US ®EAS*ffEltS ; Jj
fe| Are a universal remedy for Pains in the Back (so frequent ||
P| in the case of women). They give instantaneous relief. ml
|H Wherever there is a pain apply a Plaster. |||
Esl * ' niDvrTinMC rrtp tier ¦ Km
rc>J ulKLullUno IUK UoL gSa
For pains in the region of For Rheumatism or P«ln« For fiore Throat, Coughs, lea
jP| thc kidneys, or for a Wwtfc in Shoulders, titbows or Bronchitis, for Weak K?f
E« Back, the plaster should be elsewhere, or for Sprains, Lunjrs and for p»infulT«iid W&
gWa applied as shown above. Sti f (ness, etc.. and for sensitive parts of the abdo- .1^3
B£| Wherever there is pain Aching: Feet, cut plaster men, apply as indicated. bS4
|n apply Allcoc It's Plaster. size and shape required and Bh
fey jl shown ioQvc» ¦ b£&I
H Rheumatism, Colds, Coughs ||
|| Weak Chest, Weak Back m
|| Lumbago, Sciatica, &c., &c., H
Jala REMEMBER- A llcock's Plasteg are the original and genuine porous §||j
|i; plaster and hare never been equalled as pain-curors. : Furthermore, the y aro . f
jb'm absolutely safe as th»j do not contain belladonna, opium or any poison IOAKLAND BACETBACK— TUESDAY, Jan. 12. Weather fine. Track fast.
S7O2. FIRST RACE — One mile; selllnz; 4-year-old* and up; value to first. $325.
Index j Horse and Owner. tWtSt..?4. V>. ??• Str. Fin. Jockey. | Op. Cl«
6606 IFlrst Chip. 4 (O. A. Crandall)|105 1 1 l",l .*! 1 5 1 3 14 Haack 5-2 »
«E0 Isabelllta, 4 (E. McNamara). 04 7 7 h 4h 4 »i a 1W- * Ollphant .. * »-'
¦fi.%49 Hungarian, a (Dunn & Co.)..|I00 ." 8 n 0 1 5 1«4« 2 3 1 Bell » »-2
,-M6» Donator. a (C. Mulholland)..ilC6 5 5 % 3 «4 2 1^2 h 4 2!4 J. T. Shehn 10 20
5eSfi Tonoriah. 5 (E. Schlff) | 96 10 »1 6 1 7 3 4n 6 3 C Smith... 15 1*
W98 OrariU Sachem, a (Moran). . .|101 4 :i h 8 1 fi '2 S >,i « n rfllldebrand 1O 15
R550 Dr. Bt»ell. 4 (Hemln^ray). .1101 9 6 1>47 fi S ',i J S J 2 |J- Jones.... 1© T
M82 Brissac. 5 (J. J. Markleln) |1O«| 8 10110 3 10 3 8 3 8 5 |C. Kelly 2O 3«»
4757 IDone*. 6 (Appleby & Co.). ,. .(101 11 11 11 11 11 » n IFoley 4O 40
5C32 |K. Walcott. a (E. Kaufman) 104 6 4n 5n U 1 1» 2 10 4 jL^rsen 4 T
CCCa ISlsaenvlne. 8 (T. J. Stoer)... 104| 2 2 «i 2 h 3 n 9 1 11 [J. Martin... « S
Time— :25. MOU. 1:14ft l:«*i. At post 2 minutes. Off at 2:12. Chip, place. 5-2: show.
b-5. Isabellita.. place. 8-5; show. 4-5. Hungarian show. 4-5. Winner, eh. h. by First
Mate-Chippie. Trained by W. A. Smith. Scratched — Outburst. Start grood. Won easily.
Second easily. Third driving:. Winner pounds the best. IsabelUta did not hare clear
Balling. Hungarian a alow beginner Donator had early speed. Grand Sachem won't
do. Dr. Bissell was played. Katie Walcott has a bad leg. Slssenvlne found tha paoe
. too hot.
3703. SECOND RACE— Sis furlongi; gelling; 3-year-olds: value to flrat. $323.
• Index Horse and Owner. Wt St. % . %. Str. Fin. Jockey. OpI CK
5658 Letola (Jennings &* Co.) »" 1 ... 2 1^1 1%1 >i 1 n Kunz -.. 4-5 7-l»
(5670) Ananias (J. F. Schorr) Ill 3 ... In Z%33 23 Hildebrand 2 9-5
(55«2; Telephone (R. A. Smith) 107 7 ... 4^*H41 Sh Larsen 7 13
6670 Miss Betty (T. G. Ferguson). 107 4 ... US 5S 53 44 Haack 8 30
Rdl Ub. Candid (Appleby & Co.) 101 2 ... 3 l^a 1 an 5 ti Fol^y 20 25
M44 Moalta (Blanchl & Co.) 106 «... «I i^U «n C. Kelly.... m 2CO
War Times (C. T. Patterson). 105 5 ... S« 8 15 7 4 7 20 Bell 80 20O
4672 Constanza <W. J. Spiers) .... 108 8 ... 7n 6^84 82 C. Smith... 10O 2<*>
4C59 Facts (J. Barker) 1109 9 ... 9 9 9 9 Bullman ...( 30 30O
Time — :23*i. :4S. 1:13>4. At po»t 5. minutes. Off at 2:40. Letola. place. 1-4; show. out.
Ananias. - place. 2-5: show. out. Telephone show. 3-5 Winner ch~. f. by Star Ruby-
I^eucosla. Trained by w. B. Jennings. Scratched— Duncannon. Coroner Kelly. Doric*.
Start good. Won In a hard drive of two. Third driving hard. Letola was kept busy.
Ananias ran an excellent race. Telephone could not get up. Mies Betty ran differently
for Haack/ Llbble_ Candid tired.
B7O4., THIRD RACE — Ssven furlongs; selling: four-year-olds and up: ralue to flrst. $325.
Index Horse and Owner. IWt St. }i . %T %. cKr. Fin. Jockey. OpI cTl
BC27 Somenos, 4 (A. Josephs) |104 6 6 'i 2 Vj 2 1^1 n 1 fi Hildebrand 7-l<> 3^5
(5C09) Tom Slavin. 6 (T. Clifford)... 1 112 3 1 1^1 \ 1 V, 2 3 2 n J. Daly 7 13
5RC7 Velma Clark, 8 (J. McAlester) 102 6 3^3h 5«i»2 31H Larsen 4 15-5
5657 El Orlente, 8 (W. J. Spiers).. lC9 16n5 13n3n43 Bums S 13
66G7 Pat Morrlssey. a ( Wellman). 110 4 2 n 7 'i «5 3 4 'i 5 5 See 20 20
5650 Candidate. 5 \H. K. Rowell). 101 7 9 9 8 H 8 2 8 >-i Travers ... 5O 10O
5C$3 Achilles, 6 <J. J. McCabe) ... 107 2 41 Bo 72 6n 73 Kuni 15 4I>
M544 Hellas. 4 ( J. Creely) 106 87% 829 9 88 Bell 15 25
5008 Lou Clleveden. n (McDowell). 105 9 81 42 42 7 % 9 Haack .... 2O 25
5488 Esfoctada. 4 (Bryan & Co.)... 03 10 Pulled up. Smith.. 30 100
Time— :24, :4SH. 1:13*;. l:28i;. At post 7 «£ minutes. Off at 3:08. Somenos. place, 1-3:
. out show. Slavin. place. 4; show, 8-5. Clarfc. show 2-5. Winner, ch. h. by Worcester-
Louise Michel. Trained by W. M. Murry. Scratched — Lapidus. Romaine. Start good.
¦ ¦ Won ridden out. Next two driving hard. Winner ran a good race under careful hand
ling. Tom Slavin handled his weight to good advantage. Kl Orient* ran his rac#. Can
didate "can beat cheaper ones. Lou Clleveden had early speed. Winner bid up from
_^|400to»130O by C. Paders and S. S. Bender; retained.
5705. FOURTH RACE— Six and a half furlongs; handicap; S-year-olds and up; first. ItOO.
Index > . Horse and Owner. [Wt St. U~ H^ %• Btr. Fin. j Jockey. I Oj», cT7
6C81 Martinmas. 4 (Henshal!) 1108 5 313n32 2n 11 Bullman .. 3 J
665S Hagerdon, a (H. L. Frank) 108 3 In 1 *i 1 HJ1 2 2 V- Larcen 7 «»
(5574) San Nicholas. 4 (B. & W.)... 120 4 4 »; 4 1 4 2 4 *$ 3 1 ~y a Bell 3 9-2
6Wrt) Arabo, 4 (W. B.' Jennings). . 104 1 2 % 2 »i 2 »i 3 2 4 q |j. Martin.. • 8 1*
6507 Claude. 4 (M. J. Daly) (117 2 7 7 7 7 3 n IJ. Daly 20 »>
MM John. A. Scott, 4 (M. Jones). 106 7 63 5^62 5>£«5 I Hildebrand R 7
G63T. Kenilworth, 6 (H. Stover) |124| 6 5h«4 5n 61 7 JBurm 5-2 Pit
Time — :23. :47»i. 1:12. l:lS>i. At post }J minute. Off at 3::Jl'. Martinmas, place. 4-5:
show. 2-5. Hagerdon. place. 2; show, 1. Nicholas, show. 7-10.' Winner, ch. g. by Mar
tagon-Nekomis. - Trained by K. Wright. Start good. *Won all driving. Martfnmas re
ceived a strong ride and was probably bsst. llaserdon set a merry clip and f<»ll short
at the end. Arabo quit. San Nicholas ran an excellent race under miserable handling.
.Kenilworth does not run well over Oakland track apparently. Scott will Improve.
C70(>. FIFTH RACE— One mile; selling; 4-year-olds and up; value to first, $323.
Indexl Horse and Owner. Wt St. M. J£. %. Str. Fin. I Jockey. 'Op. "Cl.
5657 JGawaine. B (W. E. Cotton)... 962 13 1 »i 1 "i t 2 1 2*ii Hildebrand 7-2 9-1
Seen Milae, 5 <J. Hannal 104 . 4 4n 4 1^2 1^2 2 2 2>?JBell 7-2 13-5
5458 Byronerdale, 4 (J. M. Crane).. 96 1 2h 5%6h 41 31 JKunz 2O 3»
MW> Past Master. 4 (C. P. Fink)... 07 5 7 3 7 2&4 n 3 1 4 2WJ. T. Shee'n S S
5680 lEmshee. 5 (F. H. Bell) W 6 3 «; 2 n 3 *» 5 I 5 * 4 * Trarers . .. « " 5
666f> I Expedient, a (P. K. Smith).. 06 10 11 10 n 8 8 2 6 li$ W. Daly... 1.1 ' 25
C869 MacGyle, a (C. T. Boots) 101 11 10 2 9 1 10 2 7 n 7 n T. Butler... 15 yo
6B6« Tuck Back, 4 (A. Ross) ¦ 9« 9 9 1 8 n 7 % « *i 8 'J C. Smith... 3O 4ft
5504 Virgie d'Or. 6 (W. V. Becker. 99j8 81 « •; » 1 ID 4 94 ILareen 3 7-2
5t378 Rlnaldo. a (Siskiyou Stable).. 10l1 T 5h 3^62 0 1 1O 6 L. Jackson. 15 2O
5500 Mr. Phinlty. a (Blakeman)...]109i 3 8 111 11 11 11 |Burns « 12
Time — :25. :49U. 1:H?«. 1:*L At post 2 ¥» minutes. Off at 4:C1. Gawaine. place, 2; show.
1. Milas. place, 8-5: show. 7-10. Byronerdale, show. «. Winner, b. g. by Florist- Glenda.
Trained by W. E. Cotton. Scratched — O. W. Trahern. Start good. Won eastly. Next
two driving hard. Gawaine has a world of speed. Mllas ran his race. Past Master raa
a nice race. Travers lost ground on stretch turn with Emshee. Virgie d'Or was heavily
played and her showing was mystifying.
5707. SIXTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles; selling; 3-year-olds up; value to first. 1323.
Indexl- Horse and Owner. [Wt St. 14. %• %. Str. Fin. Jockey. I Op. CI.
56S*i I Lacy Crawford, 4 (Schreiber) .)lO6 5 3 1 142 h 2^21%ln Burns 5 T
(5G«7)|lllll6uon. 6 (W. D. Randall).. 104 4 1 1H1 1H1 1 1 n 2 H Hildebrand 2 l"-5
bfxa F. Woods. a(Garden City Sta.) 110 6 n ij s nis 'i 4 2 3 4 See « 7
5590 I O U, 5 (C. W. Chappell) 104 2 7 6 n 6 5 5 «$ 4 5 Larsen 8 12
6667 Marlin. 4 (Bender & Co.) 9S 1 2 h 3 a; 3 1^3 \* 5 n Ollphant .. 2 8-5
C6SU iPrestolus. 4 (Devin & Co.) 104 3 4 2^4 1 4 »j 6 10 6 20 J. Martin 5 «
5«54 iMae Scott. 3 (C. W. Carroll).. 821 7 6 1H7 7 7 7 |Q. Bullman.* 30 100
Time— :2m. ¦W%. 1:1BU. l:*0»4. l:46Vi. At post % minute. Off at 4:23. Lacy Crawford
place. 11-5; show, 9-10. Ulilouon. place. 4-5: show. 1-3. Frank Woods, show 4.J win.
ner, b. g. by Saln-Apozea. Trained by W. Whalen. Scratched — Optimo Start" rooA
Won in a hard drive of three. Hildebrand made too much early use of Ulilouon contra^
to orders. Burns then outflnished him. Frank Woods closed strong. IOU eouM »,„»..?
up. Marlin outfoold. . Ula not *•*
An amateur statistician in ohe of the
Government departments * has figured
out the Interesting fact. that it is about
seven times safer; to travel on the rail
ways of the United States than to tlay
at homo. . . - . . .
$38,000.
BIRMINGHAM, Ala., Jan. 12.— J. C.
Wilcox,*/ former, •storekeeper of the
Southern , Railway at this point, was
arrested- to-day .on an 'Indictment
charging larceny of material 1 valued at
Railroad Storekeeper In- Trouble.
DETROIT, Mich., Jan. 12.— Henry.
Ford of Detroit to-day clipped 6 3-5
seconds off the' world's automobile
record for a mile. His time was
39 2-5, the record up to to-day having
been 46 seconds.
Automobilist Clips a Record.
Peter .Antonio, an aged .man, ,was
found wandering, aimlessly about on
Ocean avenue yesterday by *Nic"holas
Dowden.' a watchman employed by the
Southern 'Pacific Company. The un
fortunate ; man was taken -to the City
and ; County Hospital."- His mind ; is af
fected and the Hardships he has un
dergone may result in his death.
Found Wandering Sea.
It is gossip in club circles that James
D. Phelan will be renominated for
president of the Bohemian Club. It is
said that the nominating committee
chosen at the regular meeting last
night favors the re-election of the
present officers.
Bohemian Club Election.
NEW HAVEN, Conn., Jan. 12.—Af
ter a hearing on an application for the
removal of William J. Bryan as exec
utor of the, will of the late Philo S.
Bennett, held in 'the Probate. Court
to-day, decision was reserved. ¦
Bryan Decision 1 , Reserved.
Joseph McCall, for many years gen
eral agent in this city for the Erie
road and latterly employed in the Yo
semiteyValley excursion department
of the Southern Pacific Company,
wasyesterday appointed local passen
ger agent of the latter company.
McCall Gets Appointment.
PB0BABX.E WIHWESS.
First race— Iiu»tlsr, Hilary. Sir Pr««
ton. 1
Second race— Trine* Brutus, Arlsbe,
Elba., :
Third race — Pass In Boots, Alice Carey,
Watkin's O vtrton.
Fourth race— Oarsman, Our Bessie.
Grefter. '
: Tifth ' race— The Miller, Billy Moore,
Preitftno.
Sixth race — Mocoritc, Port Wayne,
Colonel Van. li WJsil lUNlMymH Jilijll' lMJLH
BOSTON, Jan. 12. — Dave';' Sullivan
of New York secured the decision over
Jimmy Briggs of Chelsea at the end
of fifteen rounds to-night. It was
Sullivan's fight except In two rounds,
when ,Briggs tried rushing tactics with
some success. .
Dave . Sullivan Gets Decision.
Dr. N. J. B. Schultz, a ' t well-known
physician of this city, &ied at the
Clara 7 Barton sanitarium Monday
morning from the effects of an opera
tion he had recently undergone. Dr.
Schultz had been > physician for the
Printers' Mutual Aid Society for the
last; two years and had been recently
chosen for another ; term, ,.
Well-Known Physician Dies.
Jimmy Britt appeared at the Mll
let-Scanlan fight last night with his
right arm in a plaster cast. It has
been troubling him since the. Canoli
fight. His doctor advises him that In
two weeks the member, will be suf
ficiently strong for him to use it ia
his training work. In the meantime
he will go in for road work to keep in
good physical condition.
Brltt's Ann In Plaster Cast.
Mrs. Sarah Meyers, 26 years of age,
the wife of Frank Meyers, a painter
residing at 26 Sheridan street, took a
dose of carbolic acid last night and
died on the operating table at* the
Emergency Hospital. It is said she
had been quarreling with her hus
band of late and took the fatal dose
after a stormy scene with her better
half. ,
Ends Life After a Quarrel.
Brings His Invalid Son to This City
From Portland on Advice of
Physicians.
A special train bearing: Commodore
Elbridge . T. Gerry of New York and
his invalid son, who was taken sick
on his way north recently with Presi
dent E. H. Harriman of the Southern
Pacific Company, arrived in this city
from Portland at an early hour this
morning. The special came south yes
terday afternoon, but fearing the ex
posure of a trip to this city across the
bay might be injurious to his son.
Commodore Gerry arranged to have
his train taken around by way of San
Jose. \
An engine and train crew left here
last evening to bring the special up
from San Jose.
Young Gerry came to the coast with
President Harriman and was taken
sick with typhoid fever while the rail
road magnate's train was on its way
to Portland. As the young man's con
dition was apparently critical, his
brother and. father were advised by
wire and the brother immediately
started for the West, Harriman ar
ranging to have the tracks pleared for
the special, which made record time
to Portland. By the time it reached
there the sick man was out of danger.
Commodore Gerry came West later to
take his son home and was advised to
make the journey by way o'f this city.
COMMODORE GERRY COMES
SOUTH OX SPECIAL TRADf
Six doss were taken Into the second
series, the first brace being -ombra
and Cuba's Glenwood," which were cast
off at 3:08 and worked along a slough
bed. After quite a long . run, : during
which both dogs showed to good ad
vantage in speed and range as well
as In the exhibition of bird sense in
hunting out likely ground. Spectators
flushed a bevy and the birds scattering
out Glenwood made two nice points
along the slough bank, being perfectly
stanch in "all his work. Later Sombra
made two good, points in the corn field,
followed by a stylish point by Glen.
Sombra. inished the work with a point
in a clump of brush, froo .-hlch a bird
flushed a few moments later. This fin
ished the bird work of the trace, both
having run in fine form throughout.
The second brace "of this series .con
sisted of Hicks' \ Bab ?¦ and Glenrose,
which wej^e cast off on birds scattered
In a corn field. Bab did \ not show the
speed and dash of the previous day
and' hunted with rather a low head,
flushing a number of birds., Glenrose
made one -nice point on three birds,
which 'const! tuted the point, work of
this brace, which was down about fif
teen minutes. . - v •-<._
SPECTATORS FlVsII . A BEVY.
capturing the long-ear. Both dogs then
engaged In several more chases, which
taxed their strength and handicapped
them in their further work. In ranging
through a dry slough bed Klamath
drew to a flush on a large bevy which
scattered in different directions, j No
points were establlshel on them, how
ever, and after a run of about forty
five minutes the dogs were ordered up
and a short drive was made to Gos
ford's, where lunch was eaten.
Klamath, aside from his wildness, is a
high-class young dog and may be heard
from later on.
Dr. Leonard's pointer dog Wallace
Bruce, handled by Lucas, arid Alex
Hamilton's setter dog Lady's Lad, han
dled by Coutts, were cast off after
lunch and ran forty minutes without
any decided work on game.
Lad showed fine style and good speed,
coupled with fair range, and Wallace
Bruce was not altogether lacking in
those qualities either. After a short
run along an old slough bed a bevy was
flushed by the spectators, part of it
taking to cover along a ditch. Neither
dog was able to locate, probably owing
to the beat. Lad made an undecided
stand on three birds which flushed as
he stopped, and later made several
stylish points, but unluckily no birds
could be flushed to them. Wallace
Bruce made a Ions cast to a corn field
near the end of his beat, but like his
brace mate failed to locate birds.
The starters in the all age which
was drawn to-night number nineteen
In all, which is considered a splendid
showing. The order of the 'drawing
was: C. E. Worden's English setter
dog Harry H with same owner's pointer
bitch Pearl's Jingle; W. W. Van Ars
dale's English setter dog Detroit. Joe
with C. E. Worden's English setter dog
Jay M; J. E. Terry's English setter dog
Kilgarif with W. W. Van Arsdale's
English setter dog Oakley's -Pride; J.
W.- Considine's English setter bitch
Policy Girl with W. W. Van -Arsdale's
English setter dog McCloud Boy;
Stockdale Kennels' pointer bitch Mar
garette with I. W. Flynn's pointer b'itch
Nelly Bang; Stockdale Kennels' pointer
dog Cuba's Zep with W., "W.
Van Arsdale's English setter dog
California y Bellboy; J. W. Consi
dine's English setter bitch Count's
Chip with Stockdale Kennels' pointer
bitch Midget; Stockdale Kennels'
pointer bitch'- Petronella with A. Nel
son's English setter bitch Sport's Des
tiny; J. W. . Considine's English setter
bitch Count's Peg with Stockdale Ken
nels' pointer dog Cuba Jr.; J. E. Terry's
English setter bitch Lady. Runs, a. bye.
STARTERS IX ALL AGE.
The last brace of the Derby stake was
Keepsake and Cuba's Ivywood. / The
former excelled in speed and range and
is a remarkably high class little bitch,
giving out great speed every moment
she is down. Ivywood excelled in find
ing qualities and made five nice points
in rapid succession. Keepsake ended
the work with a good stand just be
fore being ordered up. Ivy wood's work
on birds in the last part of her beat
was one of the features of the day's
work.
Eddie Jones-Happy Maiden.
.... Glacoma (R. A. Smith) 112
St. Andrew-Italian Beauty. .
.... Bose Eley (Blaslngame & Bro.) 109
Wernberg-Calllna.
8655 Marie J (Jones) .' ICC
6635 Arlsbe (Xapa Stock Farm) 103
(">6o5) Prince Brutus (Cameron) b...lI3
5610 Pirella (Miller) 100
Third race — Futurltycourse; 3-year-olds and
up; selling:
.... Xander (Cross) 97
5112 Modder (Buckholtz) 110
B618 Goddess of Night (Parks) 112
&68C •Emma Reubold (Appleby) 00
5238 'Puss in Boots (Josephs) •... 90
.... "Watkin's Overton (Knebelkamp) 101
B670 Waterpower (Stover) 113
5C20 »NuIlah (McKenzle) 107
5C90 Alta G (Mrs. Hertzell) 108
(5255)*Rodolfo (Spiers) 92
5666 Amasa (Brown) 110
6434 Alice Carey (Bell) 103
Fourth race — One and an eighth miles; han
dicap; 4-year-olds and upward:
SG45 Faulconbiidge (Houseman) 105
5489 Major Tenny (Piedmont Stable) 101
(5<M5)Our Bessie {Newman) 102
r»€21-Leader (Jennings & Co.) 101
S597 Oarsman (Regan) 113
6645 Horatlus (McAlester) 102
6671 Grafter (Blaslngame) ICO
Fifth race — One mile; 4-year-olds and up
ward; selling:
5007 *Resplritor (Bosecke) 87
5090 Carllee (Appelby & C&.) 100
54S8 Mesto (Schults) 102
5678 Snark - (Judge) -. ........107
6706 MacGyle (Boots & Hollenbeck) 102
6667 Billy Moore (Rector) 107
6690 «The Miller (McNeil) ...102
(5706)»Gawaine (Cotton) 1C2
B67» »Pre*tano (Tterney) »....^.. 97
6654 Batidor (Fine) • r 102
66M Joe John (Lane) 102
5678 Leash (Levy) 100
Sixth race— Six and a half furlongs; 4-year
olds-and upward; selling:
5641 'Sterling Towers (Stockton Stable)... 10O
5fif)3 "Soothsayer (Lamasney Bros.).' 99
4333' Be Happy (Green) 107
5*503 'Colonel Van (Fountain) 94
BfiSO Harry Thatcher (Mrs. Hastings) 105
5C70 Meehanu* (Rector) ;. ...110
5650 Stllicho (Jennings & Co.) 102
6M8 *Fnrt Wayne (Josephs* 88
567ft Abbeystead (Jones) 90
(5CS3>*Mocorrto (Wellman) 98
'.Kubellk (McAlester) 1C8
.... Gondolus (Jeuness) ' 1C6
The handicap match jtfay competi
tion, the qualifying rounds of which
took place on the Presidio course on
Christmas day., has now been finished,
Dr. T. G. McConkey beating A. S.
Lilley 2 up in the final round. r^.
The second or semi-final round will
begin at 9:30 a. m. to-day. Miss Ha
ger'will meet Mrs. R. D. Girvin, and
Mrs. E. S. Miller will play against Mrs.
R. G. Brown.
The second annual competition of
the present season for the Council's
cup for women of the San Francisco
Golf Club "began yesterday morning
on the Presidio links. As only eight
ladies presented themselves the quali
fying round over eighteen holes, med
al play, was dispensed with and the
opening match play round was com
pleted. The closest match of the day
was between Mrs. Leroy Nickel and
Miss Alice Hager, the contestants be
ing all square at the end of the sec
ond round. The nineteenth hole and
the match were won by Miss Hager.
Mrs. ( R. D. Girvin won by default
from Miss M. B. Houghton. Mrs. E.
S. Miller won 2 up from Miss Chese
brough, and Mrs. R. G. Brown won
7 up 6 to play from Miss Drum.
Seml-Final Round of the Competition
Takes Place This Morqing on
Presidio Links. .
WOMEN* GOLFERS PLAY
• FOR COUNCIL'S CUP
Sixth race, one and a sixteenth miles. sell
ing-Lady Matchless won, Shogun second.
Hegira third. Time. 1:50 3-5.
Fourth race, one and an eighth miles, sell
iiig—Malay won. Ginspray second. Eliza Dil
lon third. Time 1:57 2-5
Fifth race, one and an eighth miles— Lou
Moods won Baronet second, Leviathan third.
Time, 1:5 1 2-5.
Third race, seven furlongs— Captain Arnold
W .oo'i/i second. Harmakls third. Time,
1 :_.t^j.
Second race, six furlongs, selling — Vestry
won, Jimalongr second, Caterpillar third. Time.
First race, six furlongs— Mad Mullah won,
Dusky r second, W T eath of Ivy third. Time,
Race Results at Xew Orleans.
NEW ORLEANS, Jan. 12.— Crescent City
results: '•. . : > -
toward the end of the round and rushed
Scanlan across the ring and had him
over the ropes as the bell rang.
SCAXLAN OX THE ROPES.
Seanlan kept peppering Millet's in
jured eye in the twelfth and Joe seemed
afraid of his punches." Millet had the
best of the thirteenth and fourteenth
rounds. In the latter he rushed Scan
lan to the ropes and cut his cheek un
der the left eye with a vicious right rip.
Scanlan hung on t'o avoid punishment.
The fifteenth was a desperate round.
Millet send a left* and right to the head
which shook, up Scanlan and left him
weak. Millet rushed Scanlan around
the ring in the sixteenth and was hissed
for his wrestling tactics. The seven
teenth was give and take, neither man
having any decided advantage. The
eighteenth was a whirlwind affair, Mil
let having the best of the earlier part of
the round, and then Scanlan rushed
him around the ring, both men hitting
In the clinches. The crowd was jeering
and cheering the men. - In the nine-_
teenth tlie men fought all over the ring,
the referee at times leaving them to
their own devices.' Millet was the
stronger, but Scanlan held on tenacious
ly and punished his opponent about the
body. Millet worked his "shift" success
fully and sent a resounding left to the
body.
The twentieth round was give and
take, each man trying for a knockout.
When the gong sounded Referee Neil
threw both arms in the air, signaling a
draw. Millet and his friends seemed
fairly well satisfied with the decision,
but Scanlan and his backers thought he
should have had the fight on points and
were not slow in telling the referee how
they felt.
Millet was seconded by Alex Greg
gains, C. Griswold and Lou Balletro. In
Scanlan's corner were Spider Kelly,
Jimmy Carroll and Prank Rafael. '
Britt and Young Corett were Intro
duced and then the crowd yelled for Ed
die Hanlon. The little boxer was given
the greatest reception of the evening.
Attel Wins in a Round.
The preliminary fight between Mon
te Attel and Jimmy Carroll lasted
just one minute and fifty-nine'sec
onds. It was slug -from the tap of
the gong and Attel proved the harder
hitter and put his man out.
Attel was put down with a right to
the head after a few moments' fight
ing. Carroll rushed in to finish his
man, but Attel came up strongly and
mixed with him. They stood up and
swung wildly until Attel finally caught
Carroll on the jaw and sent him on
the flat of his back. Carroll did not
recover until he had been carried to
his corner.
JOE GAXS *AGAIX VICTOR.
Colored Champion Wins Fair Decision
Over Willie Fitzgerald.
DETROIT, Jan. 12. — Joe Gans, the
lightweight champion, obtained a well
merited decision over Willie Fitzgerald
of Brooklyn at the end of their ten
round bout before the Metropolitan
Athletic Club to-night. He knocked
Fitzgerald down four times, forced the
fighting most of the time and landed
more effective and more powerful
blows. Fitzgerald had the better, of
only two rounds, the" fifth and ninth.
The rest of the time Gans showed a
most decided superiority. He knocked
Fitzgerald down in the first, fourth,
sixth and eighth rounds. He kept up
a constant hammering of the Brooklyn
boy's ribs.
After twenty rounds ot rough and
tumble fighting in the ring of the Col
ma Athletfg Club last night Referee
Jim Neil called the bout between Jim
Scanlan and Joe Millet a draw. To have
decided In favor' of either of the men
would have been unjust, as neither had
so decisive a lead as to warrant such
an award.
While both men were supposed to be
fire-eaters in the ring, and while they
fought viciously: throughout, neither
could land a knockout i uhch. First
one had a slight lead and then the other
had the advantage. In the first round
Millet raised a lump over Scanlan's left
eye. Later in the fight he cut it, but
the injury did not handicap him.
In the ninth round Scanlan closed
Millet's left eye completely and thus
took all the accuracy out of his blows.
In the eighteenth round Millet was
butted and the left eye puffed out until
it assumed uncanny proportions. Mil
let does not take kindly to training and
he is said to have shirked his work
while preparing for this engagement.
The attendance was small, but the
spectators made up in energy what
they lacked in numbers. From first to
last the partisans of each man kept up
a continual running fire of coaching in
formation. The gallery was for Millet,
but the spectators downstairs seemed
Scanlan adherents. The first round was
devoted almost entirely to feinting,
hardly a blow being struck until near
the end of the round. The spectators
thought they would see no fight, and
urged Uie. men to get in and do some
thing. Millet played for the body just
before the gong sounded and also cut
Scanlan's left eye with a Jolty right.
MILLETS PECULIAR POSE.
Millet did most of the work in the
second round, but no serious damage
resulted. He assumed an unusual box
ing position, with his right foot for
ward, which puzzled Scanlan, who did
not seem to know what to do. The third
round was full of hard fighting, with
Millet doing the cleanest hitting. He
sent a left and right to the head re
peat edly. Scanlan's best blow in this
round was a left to the head. The
spectators were surprised that* there
was s» little force behind the blows of
both men, as shown by the results
when they landed.
The fourth round was all In Millet's
favor, Scanlan clinching repeatedly to
avoid punishment. Millet opened the
fifth round with a left to the head, and
they exchanged rights to the head.
Both missed vicious swings, and then
Scanlan walked into a right uppercut.
Both seemed tired in the sixth round,
but they kept trying all the time. The
seventh was In Millet's favor, Scanlan
hanging on repeatedly to avoid punish
ment. ¦ „ -
The eighth was a wild round. Millet
sent a right to the jaw, which stag
gered Scanlan. The latter hung on and
then suddenly came back, fighting des
perately. The referee had a difficult
time in breaking the men, who wrestled
him all over the ring. When Millet
came up for the ninth round his. left
eye was closed, and it put him at' quite
a disadvantage. Scanlan was improv
ing and seemed more eager to mix mat
ters. Scanlan cut Millet ,badly about
the nose and mouth in the tenth round.
Scanlan opened proceedings in the elev
enth with a straight left to the nose.
MiNet came- back with a left to the
head, and they both swung lefts for the
head. Millet getting there first. Scan
lan came back with a left to the head
and got two in return. Millet was wild
BY C. W. HIEBAKD.
nAKEHSFIELJ), Jan. 12.— The lar
jrest Derby stake- ever held in the his
tory cf trials ca. this coast was won
by the Stockdale Kenne'.s' pointer dog
•Cuba's Glenwood. a handsome liver
and white pointer by Champion
I'uba of Kenwood. Second hon
ors went to the Stockdale
Kennels' pointer bitch, Cuba's Ivy
wood, while third place was divided be
tween H. VT. Keller^ English setter
bitch Sombra and \V. W. Van Arsdale's
English setter bitch, K/eepsake.
Conditions to-day were an improve
ment over those of yesterday in so far
as the scent was concerned, and as a
consequence some fairly good work on
birds was seen by the spectators gath
ered to view the competition, espe
cially in the race botv^een. Cuba's
<»Ienwood and Sombra.
Despite the fog which hung over Ba
kersfield during the early morning
hours Judge Bell ordered an early start
and after a drive of about five miles
to grounds south of town the first
brace, consisting of Thomas J. "Wat^
son's English setter dog Stars Rod.
handled by Coutls. and C. E. Worden's
pointer doj Sandlewood. handled by
l^ucas, v.ere cast off In fine open terri
tory, where they could show speed and
range to best advantage. Both dogs
started fast and ranged out well, al
though Sandiewood was inclined to
trail his brace-mate at times. After a
brief run both dog> commenced to
make time along a slough bed and.
Sandlcwood taking the lead, went
through a bevy and the birds flushed in
all directions. Neither dog established
¦a p^int. although the setter searched
diligently.
Sandlewood was overcautious work
ing on a scent, and did not show to ad
vantage when working among birds.
He pointed once, but it proved false.
Stars Rod showed himself a stylish,
independent ranger and kept at his
work until ordered up. The brace -was
•iown thirty-seven minutes.
DID NOT RANGE VERY WIDE
The second brace, consisting of J.
Considine's English setter dog Hick's
l^ad, handled by Coutts, and the Stock
«lale Kennels' bitch Fly's Pearl, handled
by Dodge, were the next brace down
and were cast off in open country con
taining sparse cover. Both started at
fair speed, but Pearl did not range
very wide and ran in circles. Soon after
starting the setter let out a peg and
made a series of wide casts, which end
rd in a long one to cover along a slough
bed one-third* of a mile distant, which
was the last seen of him for the day.
Pearl continued to work industriously,
and casting into the timber a bevy of
quai! was seen to rise, the birds scat
tering out in the timber along the
slough bed.
No work on the birds materialized,
and Pearl, which had been running
v.ithout a brace mate for some time,
was taken up after forty minutes'
Up to the time he disappeared
Lad had shown himself a good one, and
exhibited more range than any dog in
the stake.
John Schumachers English setter
bitcb -Valita. handled* by Coutts, and
ihr Stockdale Kennels' pointer bitch
Cuba's Ivyivood, handled by Dodge,
were the next brace down, and were
taken across the railroad track and
« ast off in a swale Known to contain
birds. Soon after starting a bevy was
flushed from a patch of high dense
rreeds, and the birds lit in a nice cover
which lined the railroad track. Valita
was first to point, and the bird flushed
wild a few seconds after she had stif
fened out. Ivywood next pointed, and
Valita backed to order.
Soon after the pointer made another
point in an undecided manner, and the
bird flushed before his handler could
come ui>. He next pointed and was
backed by the setter, after .which he
made a nice point on a single crossing
into an adjoining field containing
sparse cover. Both dogs ranged out
nicely and showed good style. Down
forty minutes. < '„'.. ,.
GIVE CHASE TO A RABBIT.
W. W. Van Arsdale's English setter
do* Klamath, handled by Babcock, and
John Schumacher's pointer dog Prank
TV. -were cast off in low cover and ran.
forty-eight minutes." Just as they
started a rabbit tempted K'.amath to
chase and he came within an ace of
Sixth race,' selling, Slauson course — The
Goldfinder, 107 (Redfern), 3 to 2, won; Tower
of Candles, 105 (Birkenruth), 2 to 1. second;
Mexicanna, 07 (J. Lewis), 5 to 2. third. Time
. Nanon, Sallle Goodwin, Troy and Bluo
Rit"_p also ran. • .
Fourth race, six furlongs, purse — Glennevis.
107 (W. Adams), 4 to 1, won; Sate, 90 (Booker),
15 to 1, second; Best man. 10C (L. Spencer), 4
to 1, third. Time, 1:15. Elwood, Golden
Rule, Gehelmness and Dupont also ran.
Fifth race, six furlongs, purse— Celebration,
115 (Feichte). 1 15 to 1. won; Lauretta Phillips,
105 (Fletcher), 12 to 1, second: Mainspring, 116
(Redfern), even, third. Time, 1:17%. Tom
Hawk. May S. Honduran, Innsbruck, Camulos
and. Turtle also ran. -
Third race. Slauson course, purse — Anirad,
88 (J. Lewis), 4 to 1. won: Almoner, 107 (J.
Bolan), 3 to 1, second; Brown Prince, 102
(Buxton), 12 to 1, third. Time, 1:12%. Jack
Richelieu Jr., Valmafj Landseer, Columbia
Girl, Mac Ana, Susie Christian and Andrat
tU8 also ran.
Second race, mile and seventy yards, selling
—Platonius, 112 (Prior), 4 to 1, won; Flourish,
112 (Pickler), 15 to 1, second: Merwan, 102 (J.
Lewis). « to 5, third. Time, 1:47»4. Profitable,
Rio Shannon, Gllleeple and Farmer Jim also
ran.
First race, six furlongs, purse — Rough and
Tumble, 110 (Redfern), even, won: Winni
freda. 105 (Birkenruth). 4 to 1. eecond; Flea.
107 (J. Boyd), 15 to 1, third. Time, 1:16.
Pirate, Ismar, El Corteza, Capitol and- Lady
Rice also ran. . . . . ,
The .Goldfinder won the last race in
easy fashion from Tower of Candles,
Mexicanna third. Weather warm, track
good. Results: ,
Anirad at 4 to 1 won the third from
Almoner, the favorite. ' Brown Prince
was third. Another favorite went down
in the fifth when Celebration at 15 to
1 defeated Laureatea, Phillips and Main
Spring, the latter being a strong fa
vorite.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 12.— The defeat
cf Golden Rule in the six-furlong high
weight handicap was the feature of to
day's Ascot programme, Durnell's en
try. Golden Rule and Elwood, was
I made favorite for the fourth at 6 to
5. Glennevis at 3 to 1 won, Sais second
and Best Man third. Golden Rule car
ried 130 pounds, but did not show as
.much early speed as usual.
Rough and Tumble won the first at
*ven money; Winnifreda second and
Flea third. Merwan, the favorite for
the second race, could do no better than
third place, Platonius winning and
Flourish getting the place. Flourish
opened at 50 to 1, but a rush of money
forced the price to 15 at post time.
Flourish, at 50 to 1, Is
Played for a Killing and
Finishes Second to Platonius
San die wood Is Overcautious
While Working on Scent and
Fails to .Show to Advantage
;~ V"" 1 '-Rousseau-Solitude. -
«... Glopmy Gus Utyrns &. Waterhouse) 109
¦ -"¦---¦ , .Wood Moss-Gold Bangle.
5655 Mogregor (Blanch! '& Co. >*. ;.'.*.... ".. .109
> . . .*• Elba (Jennings i & Co.) .'T7v7;T. .'.TT. . .'.109
. ' /Second race — Three , and a half furlongs ; 2-'
jQar-olds; purse: ¦ • ' .- '
-....Neva I^ee (Gregory & Co.). .../:... ..109
¦'=. ¦...: •¦¦ -. ¦¦/. El' Rio Rey-Fonsatta. ."¦¦
...., Bill Short (Dobsoir) .'•• . . : . . .112
fi«18 'Lustlg (Schrelber) . . . , 32
5C66 Saul of - Tarsus (Walz) 110
5644 Dandle Belle (Winter & Co.). ........ .10S
5642 Amoruna (McGulre) .;................ .101
, Flret race— Futurity^ course; 3 year-olds and
up; selling: ' ¦ . • ,„_
5«7S Benlash (Jeuness) ...... : 106
5570 Hilary (Piedmont Stable) 110
549S 'Little Sister ' (GrafTort) l«j
5595 'Florlana ; Belle (Miller & Co.)... 8.
065B Wanderllng (Prltchard) 10S
5642 Sir Preston (Hunter) . . . . IOC
.... ZemZem(HIU) ..........108
5535 •Scherzo (Pueblo Stable) .............. 02
5480 Doris (Jones) . . . . : ; . . 92
6842 *Dr. Sherman (White).... ........... .105
ENTRIES FOR TO-DAY.
It was reported that Katie Walcott
was "liked" in - the first yesterday.
Then if that is the mare's race she
w'll scarcely do.
Miss Betty ran better for Haack
than she did for Bell.
After Somenos registered, both Sid
ney Bender and his partner, C. Paders,
indulged in some elevating. Paders
boosted the horse to $1200 and Ben
der raised another $100. : Trainer
Murry bid the customary $5 and there
was nothing doing.
The $1000 handicap at one and an
eighth miles is the feature event of
the card to-day. The New York
horse, Oarsman, has top weight, 118
pounds, and as Proper and Fossil are
absentees, it looks as if he might de
liver the merchandise.
When .Tommy Burns began opera
tions on Lacy Crawford, the gelding
must have thought he was" in a Chi
nese josshouse with a bundle of fire
crackers tied to his tail. He showed
speed that was entirely unlooked for.
o At the annual meeting of the stock
holders of the New California Jockey
Club held yesterday the same officers
and directors .-were re-elected. They
are: President, Thomas H. Williams;
vice president and treasurer, Adam
Andrew; secretary, .Percy^'W. Treat;
board of directors, Thomas H. Wil
liams.) Adam -Andrew, Colonel D. M.
Burns, = D. T. Murphy and' Alexander
Hamilton. '
Donovan, who rode First Chip
when that horse was left at the post,
is reported to have sailed for Los An
geles. Too bad they don't race in
Mexico; that country is only a trifle
longer jump.
Hildebrand rode two winners.
NOTES OF THE TRACK.
If Motorist Barney Oldfleld and his
Bullet No. 2 could have steamed around
the/ course at Oakland yesterday it
would be foolish to guess what sort
of curious records would have been
made. The track looked as smooth and
well groomed as a Folsom convict's
cranium after a visit of the double
naught clippers and any sort of a sell
ing: plater could step a mile in 1:41 over
it. In the six and a h,alf furlong handi
cap Charley Henshall's Martinmas, rid
den by Bullman and a 2 to 1 favorite
in the ring, reduced the California rec
ord from 1:19»£ to' 1:18%. - Martinmas
carried 108 pounds, and catching the
pacemaker, Hagerdon, in the stretch
won by a length. The world's record
for the distance of 1:18 3-5 is held by
Joe Yeager's mare Jane Holly, made
at, Washington Park July 3, 1903. with
99 pounds in the saddle." San Nicholas,
shouldering 120 pounds and poorly rid
den by Bell, finished a close third j In
the race. Kenilworth never looked
dangerous, Tommy Burns having a fine
view of the race from the caboose.
Three favorites only were successful,
but most of the bookies complained of
having a losing day. First Chip, Ga
waine and Lacy Crawford were all
fairly well backed/being a long way
from "eagle-birds."
Some days ago, in a cheap Futurity
course rprint won by Ulctma, Donovan
managed to get left at' the rost on
First Chip'. Yesterday the chestnut
horse was one of eleven starters in th«
opening mile selling number, with Wil
lie Haack in the saddle. The books laid
5 to 1 about thejCrandall entry and he
went out and won In an ordinary gal
lop in 1:40%. Isabellita, ruling equal
favorite with Hungarian, beat the lat
ter four lengths for the place.
.W. B. Jennings' filly Letola was held
at a very short price to win the six
furlong sprint following and just did
make good and that was all. Kunz rode
the short-priced one and early found
difficulty in heading Ananias, the
Schorr, colt. Through the stretch Hil
derbrand almost outflnished Kunz, for
Letola was only' a head to the good
passing the judges. Telephone received
a hustling ride in order to take third
place from Miss Betty.
The rallblrd contingent all had So
menos up their sleeve, but it ap
peared to be an open secret, for the
ring opened up the 4-year-old at 7 to
10. At this short price he was heavily
supported, and though well handled by
Hllderbrand was nearly straight at the
end to down Tom Slavin a head. The
latter horse was quoted at 13 to 1, and
J. Daly gave him an excellent ride.
Velma Clark, poorly ridden by Larsen,
ran into the show.
Seme of the horses under Hildebrand
seem to run for the Yeager $5000 beauty
as they did for Chevalier when he was
the "medicine man" in the old Bay Dis
trict days. Hildebrand had the leg up
on Gawaine, the second choice in the
mile selling affair, fifth on the card,
and had speed enough to burn a wet
dog. Leading from the start the geld
ing won going away at the close, with
Mllas a fair second. Virgie d'Or, the
favorite, had worked. weH, warmed up
as if she liked the climate, but ran so
slow in the race it is suspected some
thing must have happened to her.
Byronerdale was third at 30 to 1.
Tommy Burns finally was given the
leg on a horse in trie final mile and a
sixteenth event that had a chance. He
rode Lacy Crawford, against which t»
to 1 could be had, and overhauling the
pacemaker, Ulilouon, in the stretch out
flnished Hildebrand, getting a neck de
cision. Show honors fell to Frank
Woods. Marlin, the favorite, was out
footed from the start.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
CUBA'S IVYWOOD SECOND
GOLDEN RULE DEFEATED
Contest in the Ring of the Colma Athletic
Club Is Full of Action, Each Man at Times
Seeming to Have Matters Well in Hand
Derby Stake in Field Trials
Is Won by StockdaLe Kennels'
Pointer Dog Cuba's Glenwood
Only "Two Favorites Land at
Ascot Park and the Bookies
Bevel in a Golden Harvest
FAIRLY GOOD
WORK ON BIRDS
NEITHER BOXER PROVES
A KNOCKOUT HITTER
FORM PLAYERS
HAVE BAD DAY
SCANLAN AND MILLET FIGHT TWENTY VICIOUS ROUNDS TO A DRAW
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 13, 1904.
HenshalPs Sprinter Gomes Dangerously Close to Lowering the
Mark Set by Jane Holly at Ghicago— Kenilworth Is* Unplaced.
First Chip Takes a Purse— Somerios Bid Up After Winnirg
MARTINMAS DISPOSES OF HAGERDON
AND ESTABLISHES A COAST RECORD
10
ADVlETB-TISElEEirrS.
JBcj : C^ioSJjj I "* u EProfessor H/ Morse Stephens of the
University of California will ¦ resume
his course of .lectures on ; the : French
Revolution : under the r auspices o£ the
Mechanics' Institute, at Mechanics'
Pavilion this evening. -Professor
Stephens' subject will be "Marat, ; the
Friend : of ; the People, as Representa
tiveVof.Public" Opinion.".
Professor Stephens to Speak.
Interlocutory decrees of divorce for
desertion were granted yesterday to
Rose E. Bowlsby from W. H. Bowlsby,
Belle M. B^Iss from Willis L. Bliss,
Helen M. Brown from Wesley :W^
Brown and Nellie A. Eubunks from
Edgar C. Eubanks.
Suits for divorce on the ground of
desertion were 1 filed by Amanda Mc-
Laughlin against Henry McLaughlin/
R. -Eugene Hunter against Luella L.
Hunter, Nellie C. Damon: against Si
las E. ' Damon and Lillian V. Bleder
mann against W. L. Biedermann.
In the Divorce Court.
i Quartet from "RlKoletto" (Verdi): "Ara
b«Bque," fantasia (Keler Bela) ; arid tc from
••La Colombe" (Gounod) : errand selection " of
Irish alr» «Rollinson): band of First Regiment.
League of the Cross Cadets, bandmaster Lieu
tenant E. 'Williams: march. "Aux ¦ Flam
beaux" (Scotson Clark); overture, "Light Cav
alry" (Suppe); march, "In New ' England's
Finest" (Adams) : * Salute to Erin" (Balfe) ;
march, "Spirit of .'76" (Klose): drill by Com
pany A, League oi Cross Cadets, Captain Hop
per commanding: Kuard mount. Company : A',
First- Regiment Infantry, • L. O. C,- Captain
Wall cpmmanrtlny:. physical exercises and drill
Columbia Park > Boys' Club. . Major » Pelxotto
commanding; military .bridge * building, -. by
Company B, First'. Regiment, Infantry, L, -O.
C, Captain Kelly cwnmandins.
at Mechanics' Pavilion.
The executive committee of the Mc^
Kinnon memorial benefit fund, has
completed final arrangements for the
drill, concert and ball to be given at
Mechanics' Pavilion on the evening of
January 21. The programme will con
sist of. selections by trfe % First Regi
ment and League of the^ Cross bands
and drills by Co)npany A, League of
the Cross Cadets -and the Colombia
Park Boys' Club. ' '
¦ The executive committee has de
cided to hold its next meeting., on
Thursday evening at 8. o'clock. Instead
of Friday, as waa at first agreed upon;
Following is the programme in full:
Splendid Array of Talent Has Been
Securetl for Concert to Take Place *
The annual meeting of the Maria
Kip Orphanage Society was held at
the diocesan house, 731 California
street, Monday afternoon at 2 o'clock.
Bishop Nichols, who, .under the con
stitution, is the permanent president,
presided and the following were elect
ed trustees for the ensiling year:
Thomas P. Woodward,- vice president;
Elliott, McAllister, secretary; William
H. Crocker, treasurer; E. H. Rixford.
The lady managers elected were: Miss
Carrie Gwin, president; Miss Eva
Maynard, first ..vice president; Miss
Manly H. Simons, second vice presi
dent; Mrs. Thomas P. Woodward, sec
retary; Miss Mary C. Heath, corre
sponding . secretary; Mrs. Sidney
Worth, treasurer; Mrs. R. B." Sanchez,
Mrs. George H. Buckingham, Miss
Elizabeth Brown. Mm. E. D. Bullard,
Mrs. Arthur Holland. Reports were
read by the secretary arid treasurer,
which showed the orphanage to be in
a very satisfactory condition. • There
are more than one hundred girls in the
institution, all 6f. whom are in-excel
lent health, there having been but lit
tle illness 'during the", year and*, no
deaths.
Reports of Secretary and . Treasurer
Show That Institution Is in a -
Flourishing Condition.
PROGRAMME FOR McKINNON
MEMORIAL BENEFIT FUND
OFFICERS ARE CHOSEN FOR
THE MARIA KIP ORPHANAGE
The Chamber of Commerce elected
the following officers yesterday to di
rect the ¦ affairs of the organization
during the year: President, G. A. New
haN; vice president) E. R, Dimond;
second vice president, C. H. Bentlcy;
trustees— F. L. Brown, W. R. Wheeler.
W. J. button, J. B. Smith, J. A. Fol
ger, H. Rosenfeld, W. L. Gerstle, J.
Rolph Jr., R. P. Jennings, T. Riclcard,
H. D. Loveland and W. H. Marston.
At the regular monthly meeting of the
trustees resolutions were adopted fa
voring the construction of a break
water at the harbor of Hilo, the dredg
ing of a channel for deep-draught
ships at the port of Honolulu and the
appropriation of Government funds
for equipping a ship to discover and
destroy derelicts. ' ¦
Holds Annual Election.
the St. Denis; C. Colman, J. C. Col
man, Hotel Imperial; P. Harvey,
Hoffman House; H. S. Howard, at
the York; W. H. McAllister and wife,
Miss E. P. McAllister, Manhattan;
Captain W. Randall, A. L. Duncan,
Herald Square; J, Frle'd, Criterion .
Hotel; F. B. Sedler, Herald Square. '¦
San Jose — C. F. Fleming, at the
Herald Square. • <
That well-known association, Clan
Faser No. 78, Order of Scottish Clans,"
will give its ! annual banquet in. a
Powell-street rotisserie on' next Friday
night. There will be a large number
of the members of the clan at the fes
tal board and arrangements have been
made for a most enjoyable entertain
ment after the feast.
Clan Fraser's Banquet.
The newly elected officers are:
President, Mrs. I. S. Ackerman; first
vice president, Mrs. H. Silverman;
second vice president, Mrs. M: David
son: treasurer, Mrs. William Lewis;
secretary, Mrs. H. Newman, superin
tendent, Mrs. J. Hirshfeld; collector,
David Michael; trustees, Mrs. Sarah
Blum, Mrs. I. Wormser, Mrs. S. Foor
man. Mrs. E. Gunst, Mrs. Phil
Thorsch. Mrs. S. Haas, Mrs. H. Ep
pinger, Mrs. I. Bloch and Mrs. E."Man
del. # .
Reports submitted at the annual
meeting of the Hebrew Ladies' Sew
ing Society show that much good
work has been done during the year.
The society's receipts were, from
'membership dues, 5999, and the ex
penditures were $969 23. One hun
dred and ten families were furnished
with dress goods, underwear and bed
linens, j Besides this the female in
mates of the Pacific Hebre.w Home
were furnished with dress goods and
underwear, j The society will meet
on the first Thursday of every month
from 9:30 to 12:30 a. m., when sew
ing will be done for the poor.
Held and New Officers
Are Chosen.
Annual Meeting of Sewing Society. Is
HEBREW LADIES DO GOOD
WORK DURING TIIE YEAR
The Merchants' Association has is
sued the seventh volume 'of its Re
view, in which the progress of the as
sociation and its achievements for the
public good are duly chronicled. Much
information that is of use to the com
mercial community Is included in the
compass of its pages and there are
pictorial illustrations that show the
utility of institutions 'and measures
that have been adopted by the.asso
ciation. Many will find it a book of
ready reference on a certain class of
municipal topics of common interest.
Merchants Issue Review.
A, S. Clark, at the Cosmopolitan; C.
Cony, at the York; Mrs. W. S. Du
val, at the Normandie; J. J. Gaynor,
E. Quellmalz. at the York: A. M.
Sa*nuel?. af the Savoy; M. S. Bars, at
NEW YORK. Jan. 12.— The follow
ing Calif ornians are here: From San
Francisco — S. L. Ackerman, at the
Holland: Miss M. K. Boyd. at the Her
ald Square; Miss M. C. N. Butler, T.
N. Eutler, at the Amsterdam; W. M.
Carrie, at the Manhattan; E. C. Chap
man and wife, at the Gilsey House; H.
Davis, at the Hotel Manhattan; J..H.
Kkberg, at the Herald Square; E. Has-
Bell, at the Ashland House; E. \Y.
Marks, at the Hotel Grenoble; W.
Marks, at the Hotel Imperial; G. Mar
tin, at the Continental; A. Newmann,
at the Imperial; Miss A. Stowell, at
the Manhattan; Mr. Weisendorf, at
the Kensington; H. S. Williamson, at
the Hoffman.
From Santa Barbara — A. B. Thaw,
at the Spalding.
From Los Angeles — Mrs. Gardner,
at the Park Avenue; Mrs. E. B. Mar
tin, at the Spalding; Mrs. P. Schoon
maker, at the Earllngton; C. T. WTiit
n*?y. at the Hoffman.
CALIFORXIAXS IX XEW YORK.
For California for January, a month
ly publication issued by the California
Promotion Committee, begins a serial
story, entitled "The Brown Family in
California," telling how a New Eng
land farmer leaves the East and be
comes established in this State. Among
other articles are: A What California
Has Done for Civilization," by Presi
dent David Starr v Jordan of Leland
Stanford Jr. University; "The Most De
sirable City in Which to Live," by
James D. Phelan, former Mayor of San
Francisco, and "California Deciduous
Fruit Shipping," by Alden Anderson,
Lieutenant Gouernor of California.
Tells About California.
The California Promotion Commit
tee has addressed a communication to
the business men of San Francisco
suggesting that in all their correspond
ence to the East, beneath the date line
on their letters they place the maxi
mum temperature of San Francisco of
that day. Thus a letter to the East
would have read yesterday: "San
Francisco, January 12; maximum tem
perature 54 degrees." This will'entail
but little work and if all the business
houses will keep the matter up during
the winter, especially now that the
weather is exceptionally fine, ' San
Francisco will get a good deal of the
right kind of advertising.
To Advertise Temperature.
The groom is a son of J. R. Tyner. He
came here from Washington, D. C, to
enter the firm of W. L. Growall & Co.,
of which he Is junior member. "
Miss Marie Aline Walsh, the bride's
sister, acted as maid of honor, and
James E. Knauss as best man. The
ushers were Dr. William Ellis 'and Dr.
Harry Sohr. •• ,.
The bride's gown was of dewdrop
chiffon over white taffeta silk, .with
numerous fiounc^ festooned ¦ on the
skirt and caught with sprays of orange
blossoms. The long accordion pleated
sleeves reached almost to the bottom
of the skirt. The veil was caught with
a bunch of orange blossoms and cov
ered the entire costume. She carried a
shower bouquet of Bride roses.-
The costume of the maid of honor
was of canary colored samite, the pan
els of the skirt trimmed in mink fur
and lace. The collar and the girdle
were made of lavender taffeta, and she
carried a muff of violets and lace.
The wedding of Miss Anita Claire
Walsh of this city and John T'. Tyner of
New York, which took place in t the
Swedenborgian Church last night, was
one of the prettiest affairs of the sea
son. The bride is a very popular young
lady and has participated in many
charitable affairs in this city. Her
charming manner has won her hosts of
friends, who wish her happiness in her
married life.
Commander Reginald F. Nicholson,
U. S. N., has arrived from Washing
ton, where he has been on special
duty. He was ordered to the coast
to take, charge of the cruiser Tacoraa,
which is now being completed at the
Union Iron Works.
Sir Arthur Wilson. Swedish and
Norwegian Vice Consul of Portland,
Or., is at -the Occidental. "Count"
Wilson, as he is called in the North
west, is one of the best known men
in that section of the country. Ha is
prominent in business, club and so
cial circles.
C. D. Dunann, general passenger
agent of the Pacific Coast Steamship
Company, returned from Southern
California yesterdav.
B. U. Steinman, a banker of Sac
ramento, is srt the Palace.
Judge Carroll of Los Angeles is at
the Palace.
G. S. McKenzie, a newspaper man
of Napa, is at the Russ.
John C. White, a merchant of
llarysville. is at the California.
E. B. Hefferman. proprietor of a
hotel at Stockton, is at the Lick.
Prank A. Cressey, a banker of Mo
desto, is registered at the Lick.
W. F. Sargent, one of Modesto's
leading merchants, !s at the Lick.
G. A. Wrightson, a merchant of
Redding, is registered at the Califor
nia.
PERSONAL.
Popular Young Couple United
in Matrimony and Friends
Congratulate Them.
POPULAR SAN FRANCISCO
GIRL WHO BECAME A
BRIDE LAST NIGHT.
Honorary pall bearers— Rolls V. Watt, C. B.
Perkins, Robert McLellan, William Abbott. F.
1*. Turpln and Samuel Martin.
Dr. H. B. Heacock. Dr. F. D. Bovard. Dr.
M. C. Harris. Dr. Ell McCUsh, Dr. H. F.
Brings and Dr. J. H. N\ Williams.
As truly as Jesus died for the world because
he eo Joved it, so Dr.. Beard died for the church
because he so -loved it. His sermons were
messages frcm God to -man for the uplifting of
the character of. man in the likeness of . his
Lord and Master.
Dr. E. R. .Willis also paid a beautiful
tribute to the memory of Dr. Eeard..
After the services in the church the
great mass of mournefs filed past the
casket and then the remains were es
corted to. Cypress Lawn Cemetery,
where the interment took place. The
pallbearers were:
I can hardly trust myself to speak. I am
moro fitted to sit with the mourners," so great
was my admiration and my love for this dear
and good man. ¦ The sorrow that came to you
by telegram first broke on my' heart alone — a
stranger In a strange land. I am here to say
that Dr. Beard died at his post and was faith
ful unto death. It fell to me 'to be the last to
look iron his face in life and the first in
death.
The Rev. A. C. Bane in paying tribute
to his late colleague and friend said:
He was a loving husband; it was the aweet
heart-wlfe with him. And now I congratulate
the fair girls that -their father lived to place
his manhood upon their lives; I congratulate
them that they cherish a blessed hope to-day.
A BEAUTIFUL. TRIBUTE.
Dr. Beard was a sterling character. The
path trodden by . this good man and the wtee
head, the whole soul and the heart of gold re
main as examples. He wa9 untouched by sins
and no scandal ever dimmed his stainless
name. God has transplanted this tree of His
own planting -to a brighter clime.
He had marvelous balance, both morally and
mentally; a clear and Intellectual vision and
withal was wondrously sympathetic. H« was
not a creature of Impulse, "and no matter what
the responsibility we knew we had a m'ijn on
the quarterdeck of those responsibilities who
would wisely guide them.
As a preacher he had a passion for holiness
which alone fits a minister of Je»us Christ.
He was a man of indomitable courage, a knlghl
as gallant as . "when knighthood was in
flower," and his Ehield Is without a stain up
on if. ¦ "-'
I point to the, yoHDgim^o sand .whoRB
faith has been kindled from hip faith, . and for
any other monument to his memory we may
look to the National Training School, to which
he gave the best of his lifo and which, shall be
a royal diadem In the hand of his God. His
home of all homes I' have ever known was one
of the most ! perfect and cloudless.
It was estimated that quite 3000 per
sons came to the church to pay their
last respects to the lamented pastor,
many of those present coming 'from
other States. Not only. was the church
crowded on the floor and in the gallery,
but an immense concourse of people
waited outside the place of worship, be
ing unable to gain admittance."
Within the chancel rails were banked
most beautiful floral pieces sent by nu
merous evangelical churches, and
in the vast assemblage were men of all
walks of life.' Some came a distance to
attend the obsequies, and all testified
by their presence to the high esteem in
which the late Dr. Beard was held In
the community^'
The religious exercises which pre
ceded the eulogies were conducted 'by
the Rev. F. M. Larkln. Ph. D.; Dr. W.
S Matthew, Dr. B. M. Hill, the Rev.
William Rader and the Rev. John Ste
phens. ! The choir the,n sang beautiful
hymns and D& E. P. Dennett read the*
tender resolution of sympathy which
the Methodist ministers adopted as an
expression of sympathy to the bereaved
family and which appeared fully in The
Call yesterday.
Dr. E. R. Dille, who was deeply
moved, expressed his sentiments of ad
miration for the departed In the follow
ing words:
I am a sincere mourner. There is no word
adequate to voice my feelings. For thtrty-flve
years we were close friend* and to know sucht
a man was to *atn a better opinion of tho
world, and nine* he has gone to heaven wa
strive to fittingly commemorate the life now
crowned. When that telegram came announc
ing Dr. Beard's death scores of churches and
numberless hearts were thrown Jntcr mourning.
UNTOUCHED BY SINS.
The funeral services over. the remain;
of the late Dr. James N. Beard wen
held at Grace" Methodist . Episcopa
Church yesterday.
San Francisco having become a city
of conventions and conferences of vast
national and denomination;- ". import
ance it has occurred to the committee
that an auditorium* constructed, on the
modern plan would be a further induce
ment to organizations to deliberate in
the metropolis of the Pacific Coast.
• Already several gentlemen have
promised to give the movement the
most liberal support and to that end
have offered the committee handsome
pecuniary support toward effecting the
object in view.
One of the first aims of the organiza
tion, should It be- formed, is to build an
auditorium with a capacity which will
allow the holding of conventions on the
largest S£ale. ' • ,
"The plan contemplates making San
Francisco a more desirable city in
which to live.
"Trusting we may have the honor of
your acceptance and attendance, we
are, respectfully yours,
"J. W. BYftlSTE,
"JAMES D.PHELAN,
"WILLIAM S. DAVIS."
".The object of the meeting is to for
mally discuss a plan for the improve
ment of San Francisco ~ -i your advice
and co-operation are partic larly. de
sired. . .
"Dear Sir— You are respectfully re
quested to meet, a committee of about
twenty gentlemen, who will meet at 3
o'clock Friday next, January 15, at the
secretary's room of the Merchants' Ex
change, 320 Sansome street, room 5.
A project is under way to add to the
attractiveness of the city of ' an Fran
cisco and already ' several influential
men of affairs have taken the matter
seriously in hand;
The following letter has been sent
out to fifteen representative men in
viting them to attend a meeting to
consider the contemplated projects:
"San Francisco, Cal., Jan. 12, 1904.
Mr. Buckman is connected with
Cramps' shipbuilding plant and he and
his bride are planning a honeymoon
trip on a cruiser purchased by the
Turkish Government, which Mr. Buck
man will deliver to its purchaser.
Mrs. Farah Thayer r^guirts your prpsriee at
Jh<» ma rr lap «> of her dauphtrr. Ros* Thayer, to
RuneTonJ I*v»Fn-orth Buckman. Philadelphia.
January ?, I&04.
The reasons for the resignation of
Mrs. Buckman (nee Thayer) are con
tained in the following wedding card
received by many of her friends in this
city.
The resignation of Mrs. Runsford D.
Buckman. formerly Miss Rose Thayer,
as principal of the Chinese Primary
School, was filed yesterday with the
Board of Education and will be ac
cepted at its meeting to-day.
At the same meeting Mrs. Buckman
will be succeeded by Mrs. C. C. New
hall, teacher of the first grade lib the
Spring Valley Grammar School, who
has been selected for election as prin
cipal by the School Board from among
nine applicants for the position.
The salary of the principal of the
Chinese school la $125 a month, the
sanv as a school of nine classes, al
though th<=- Chinese school has but five
classes. The only difference is that in
the last named school the principal
•miJ5t tearh one of the classes.
One Proposition • Is to Erect
Auditorium to Give Facilities
for Meeting 1 of Conventions
Men and Women Come Fron
Afar to Attend Obsequies 01
Pastor, Who Died in Easi
CAPITALISTS IX PR0JE.CT
Board of Education Will Ap
point Mrs. C. C. Xewhall to
the Vacancy Thus Created
SrCCESSOR IS SELECTED
SERVICES ARE- IMPKESSIV-
Representative Men Are Asked
to Co-operate to Make This
a 3Iore Desirable City
Remains of Late Dr. Beard Ar<
Laid to B«st Amidst Demon
sjtfatiojis of Grief by Mani
Mrs. R. I>. Buckman, Formerly
Rose Thayer, Severs Her Con
nection With Chinese School
Mrs. Hueter and the Misses Hueter
entertained a large number of friends
Monday, when they gave a "Spanish
evening" in song and legend. The mu
sic, decorations and costumes were of
the land of the Don, and it proved to be
a charming affair, carrying with it the
real Joy of "being different."
What a social hive the St. Dunstan
has b:come! And what a joy to call
ers, who can cancel ten calls with one
cab! On Monday the 1 following ladles
received thers: Mrs. Gerret Lansing,
Mrs. Augustus Costigan and Mrs.
Mrs. A. B. C. Dohrmann has sent out
cards for a tea to be given at her resi
dence, 1480 Page street, on Saturday,
the 16th, from 3 until 6 o'clock.
The Fortnightlies will, dance at the
Palace on the 22d. A merry dance? The
outlook is good, but it is feared that
Mrs. Salisbury will not be strong
enough to attend the affair.
This is a union that Is in close touch
with all the traditions of old, as well as
the vital spark of the new.
1 • • ' •
There have been few girls more
felicitated upon their engagements
than was Miss Callaghan, whose be
trothal to Vincent de Laveaga was
whispered abroad at Miss Hogg's tea.
All hail the Mardi Gras! It looked
dubious for a time whether it would
materialize, but its coming is now as
sured. " -
What a round of entertainments, is
being given in honor of the handsome
Mrs. J. Malcolm Henry. Monday night
she was the guest of Thomas Barber at
a theater party to hear "Mrs. Deering's
Divorce"; yesterday she was luncheoned
by Mrs. John Adams of Oakland, and
to-morrow she will be the guest of
honor at a luncheon givei. by Mrs.
Christian Rels. '
Mr. and Mrs. Lewis Pierce have re
turned from a post-nuptial tour of the
South and East and are stopping at the
Palace, where the parehts of the Iride
reside. As Aline Ford the young ,wo
man was one of the most admired girls
.in San Francisco.
Mrs. Francis J. Sullivan^ and her
debutante daughter, Miss Alice Sulli
van, will bo hostesses at a large lunchr
eon to-morrow at their home on Pacific
avenue. It is to be essentially a debu
tante affair, with a sprinkling of last
year's buds. . t
Mrs. Thomas Morffew will hold an in
formal "at home" on next Friday— not
to-day, 'as stated. That Mrs. Morf
few will entertain a small host on Fri
day is assured, as th^re are not many
women more popular than she in club
dom and society.
Miss Gertrude White of Portland,
Or., is at the Hotel Bristol and will be
at home Mondays.
After the programme an informal re
reception was given by the members to
the past presidents: Mrs. William Red
ing, Miss Janet Haight, Mrs. Edgar J.
De Pue, Mrs. E. C. Wright, Miss J. S.
Klink, Mrs. A. D. D'Ancona, Mrs. J.
Homer Fritch, Mrs. Frank D. Bates,
Miss Fanny Danforth, Mrs. Walter By
ington, Mrs. Wendell Easton.
Piano recital, Miss Amy Seller, assisted by
Mrs. James F. McGauley, reader. ,
"Sonata Appassionata," op. 57, F minor (Bee
thoven), Assal Allegro. Andante con Moto, Al
legro, ma non troppo; eelected poems from
James Whitcomb Riley and Eugene Field, Mrs.
James F. McGauley: Etudes Sytnphonlques. ' op.
13 (Schumann): Polonaise, A flat. op. 53
(Chopin); (a) "Dance of the Gnomes," (b)
"Tarantella" (Liszt).
The Mills Club held a delightful ses
sion .yesterday afternoon, which par
took of the, nature of a reception. The
programme was a treat, musically and
dramatically; and notable were the
readings of Mrs. McGauley. The fol
lowing programme was presented: ,.
The table— a round one— was made
mindful of spring; ferns in feathery
profusion were veiled in green tulle,
producing a delightful effect, .
The following were the" Quests, invited'
to toast the birthday,', of -Mr. Spear:
Governor and Mrs. George ,<2.\ Pardee,
Cbauncey M.. St. Jbhn*Colonel and Mrs.
Stratton, Mr. and- Mrs. 1 William Cluff,
Mr. and Mrs. Jules li. 'Brett, Judge Hall
of Oakland, Frank 1 J,.; Dougherty, Mr.
and Mrs. Charles H. Sp*ear, Mrs. Char
lotte Hall, Mr. and ,Mrs., ' Gustavus
Spear and Joseph S. Spear Jr. t
A luncheon was given yesterday at
the Palace Hotel by Mrs. Joseph S.
Spear in honor of the birthday of Mr.
Spear, and it was one of those, rare
luncheons to which men are bidden, and
which at the present' hour holds high
vogue in Gotham.
As a host at a 1 ball, George Whittell
has quite won the laurels that long
have lain on the brow of Ned Green
way.
The. ball given at the Whittell resi
dence last night in honor of Miss Flor
ence Whittell of New York was dis
tinctly a brilliant affair. A veritable
garden of blossoms was gathered in
every room — American Beauties, bride
roses, carnations and flaming poinset
tias. And what a garden of beautiful
girls wound their way through the
dance. And such fetching frocks! The
ball was in truth an outpouring of the
smartest of the young smart set. ¦
BY SALL.Y SHARP.
WOULD IMPROVE
SAN FRANCISCO
THOUSANDS PAY
LOVE'S TRIBUTE
BRIDE RESIGNS
AS PRINCIPAL
MANY ATTEND
BALL GIVEN AT
WHITTELL HOME
THE I'SANg FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 13, 1904.
ANITA WALSH
THE BRIDE OF
JOHN T. TYNER
' ••' Gas. ranges installed ready for use $11
and'upward. S.F.'Gao "&, Electric Co.,
4151 POst. St. IT-.' :¦¦¦:¦' *
i trial of the damage suit of An
na Erlckson against the United Rail
roads was tnterupted twice yesterday
because of the fainting of, the plaintiff.
She grew hysterical during the cross
examination of Attorney Moore.
11
ADVZB.TLSEMZNTS.
m GOOD
KNIVE
ONEJ^)LLAR
I guarantee this knife. No other
knife of equal value was ever of-
fered for this money. Comes in pearl
handle, with four blades, and pos-
sesses the best steel e yer iKl.OO
tempered. My price ..... .***¦• V
My cutlery is all high grade and
comprises such brands as Stiletto.
Wostenholm's. Henckel s, Jordan 8
and others.
Mail orders filled promptly. .
THAT MAN PITTS
(F. "W. PITTS),
The Stationer,
1008 MARKET STREET,
-, Ban Francisco.
* ADVEETISEMZNTS^ '^ -^
C 4t Ji Pure Cocoa of Undoubted Quality |
and' Excellence of Manufacture.'! |j
I(Mk Dr. .Goodfellow, of the London |
A\ (Eng.) Technical College, in |
some hints concern- |
ing the proper preparation |
-n iiHv of cocoa savs* A
imn \ IM ''Start with a pure cocoa of indoubted rj
1»|| Mi quality . and excellence of manufacture, H
H ffU I jlA and which bears the name of a respectable »|
i ill i m I An firm. This point is important, for there I]
Pj ten / J ¦ ' / 1 til ' i {
§ Hail r i ) VM\ are m '* n y cocoas on tne market which [{
ra 'illsLJj^' iliSSf have been doctored by the addition of al- H
¦ kali, starch, malt, kola, hops, etc." |j
I Look for this trade- Examine the package you receive and l\
| mark orrery package make $ure that jj be ' ars Qur trademark . |
I Under the decision of the U. S. Courts no other Cocoa • j
| is entitled to be labeled or sold as "Baker's Cocoa.'* \i
I Walter Baker <8b Co. Ltd. I
h established 1780. Dorchester, Mass. U
BisniiiiiNiiiBiiiNieiiiiiiBiiiiiiiiniiiia
a r b
¦ A View of the Great St. Lonis Exposition From Yonr Armchair S
¦ „ i ; a
m . . . . ST. LOUIS . . • i
a : ¦ _^ a
a : — ;: — b
I World's Fair Portfolio Series I
B - ¦ - • •¦¦ il H
| . I IN BEAUTIFUL COLORS I ~ J
H I — 1 ?
il PRESERVE THIS SERIES TO BE BOUND IN PORTFOLIO FORM I
8 ==^_ g
a • n
j» Greater San Francisco's Greatest Daily scores n
S again with an entirely new Sunday feature. j|
rj By an exclusive arrangement, secured at an enor- p:
¦ ' mous cost, TIIE SUXDAY CALX, will be the first to . q
BJ issue the WORLD'S;, FAIR OFFICIAL. ART SERIES. q
H reproductions In color of the grounds and buildings • ¦
|j of the Louisiana Purchase Exposition. O
B * . jjmi i j . I j y ¦ -*¦-.• A«r-> #k+ .- v- ¦--•.>- ¦ - - v- ««?>¦ ..l.^.luh^j'l «¦ «, * i L.j miii w m ¦¦ r jr •¦*** -w ¦ r ~— ¦* , _ _ 1M , JLI , „ _ _ , m
b.: : -- \ * ' ' . . -¦ ;¦-,, a
H > ¦' - j B
¦ < * - ' H
I . * "' . ' ' •" |
h^ • . --jfM rV ¦* a
h ' : ¦- ' 4*^ -V -- t l ra
b >»..¦>--, ..*««. =/'..;. v ¦ d
¦ - MACHINERY HALL. n
¦ •'».-- _J ¦
¦ r— ! 1 B
| THE FIRST OF THIS SERIES WILL BE ISSUED g
g SUNDAY, JANUARY 31st |
a ' — ' — ¦ — ' — ' a
y! The original of that Sunday's Art Supplement Is ~j
)| the ? first artistic reproduction showing the architec- £*
1 • .. tural beauty of the Ivory City, and is selected as one g
£] of the best 'of the many views submitted, it betas the n
H i object to combine in a limited series the most Import- H
§ ant and interesting features of the St. Louis World's a
8 " Fair - .. ' -: :^-.- ¦• n
B The Palace of Machinery, represent ins power, - ¦
U force, in reality the pivot on which this immense ex* P
|] hibition ' revolves, is the Inaugural Issue of what will E
H doubtless prove the most interesting scries that was . j
jm ever given free by a publication. . gj
£3 The main entrance to this building shows a triple ¦
jj!jj arcade, with large pavilion in the center. The north ~^
S front, which Is thirteen hundred feet In length, has an
13 arcade of. nine arches' as a center feature. £j
83 Following the classical : in architectural effect, a
there are ' fonnd several beautiful examples of the Ital-
2 ian and Spanish Renaissance styles. The brilliancy of 2
*2 ] color, the realistic scene, with the moving crowds of 2
p| sightseers, give variety and animation to the picture. q
, B Nothing is so universally attractive as power. Men, N
g animals and natnre are most fascinated when, by
§ its exercise, they demonstrate possession of extraor- |3
q dinary power. Admimtion for might and the desire ¦ . i q|
ft to see It in evidence, to feel it and sense It, to remera- ) : ¦
M bcr It and to tell of it; are Instinctive factors with ; ' ; H
§ " men, women and children. This Is the keynote to the , B
H collection and arrangement of the exhibits in the Ma- ;
n chinery.. Department— Power. Here, arc shown " the . , «
13 '•;> ".^methods and means for creating enery variety of ma- p
B 'K : i: chinery for the generation, transmission and use of • ¦.'¦¦B
H power. ' • ? w
§ Forty thousand horses harnessed together and |j
B ' pulling with one mighty concentrated effort convey j gj
QH the' idea of the total power which makes the wheels',' S3
£3 of this World's Fair go round. The engines, con- ..
* \\ • densers, pumps, movlns machinery and accessories
,] '. maklns up the power plant, which Is the lanrest ever .. a
3 • shown at an exhibit, are installed on the main floor . ¦
S ',-of 3fachlnery HaH and occupy the entire westerly half SI
H •"'.»;' of that building — an area, of something over 200,000 ' SI
'¦ square • feet, or about the size of an ordinary city O
a block - : a
§ There will doubtless be an unprecedented demand |2
(3 for this SERIES. Nearly every one will want to pre- • w
E2S serve' them to be' bound In PORTFOLIO FOR3I. " ' rj
SJ • . '.'-'Mfike certain of your getting the fuD set by giving .<. FJ
§ an advance order. H
"• .^^IS^SifeivS&QfiflB*fiB$HHHBB999B3BSK« ¦ • : ¦ ¦ O
1 I THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL ig
|. GREATER SAN FRANCISCO'S GREATEST PAPER "
l'S AIL TRAIN NEWSBOYS AND ALX. ' NEWS S
M ; ' DEALERSSELL THE CALL. ,^ B
fjPUCE YOUR PE3S EARLY \
p20thCENTIIRYf
T COOK BOOK r
Another shipment win
arrive abont January 21,
1904.
• In; order to satisfy tho
demand for this premium
;- we have ordered another
carload of these books,
and all persons sending to
The ; Cook Book Depart'
ment of this 'paper a six .
* months' subscription to
The. Daily and Sunday
- Call may secure one of the
Twentieth Century Coolc
: . Books at ' the premium .
rate of 50c.
1 Out-of-town subscribers sheuld ' remit
28c addilis nil to prepay tra c spo r tail o n
charges. _\' .-".;¦ ;.- -,j^ ,,¦:----BicycIoTliief Goes to Penitentiary.
* SANTA , RQSA, Jan. ;i2.— S. J.
Malmgren this morninff , pleaded
guilty 1 to grand , larceny/ and Judge
Burnett 5 sentenced"; him • to ' one year's
confinernent;in' San :Queritin prison.
Malmgren stole ; a 'bicycle from: the
Western Hotel. 1 rode it to Preston and
disposed of it, r and ' then, -went : to
Ukiah,;\vhere he was arrested..Malm
gren stated itoj the court '• he ."purloined
the bicycle fin : order - to r convey i some
information to": the officials at; Ukiah
regarding - a- stage * robbery ¦ committed
here recently... ; * ,
Late Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED. . ". ' ¦ ¦ - .
Tuesday, January . 12i \
Stmr Centennial. Strand, -. 104 ¦ hours "- from
SeotU«. ¦*. ¦ ' ' . : * : -•-. ¦ •¦ . - : ¦¦' ,-.
., etmr SDokane. Johnson, 17 hours from Eu
reka.' ' j : ¦¦•¦'. * ,¦ -'-'":'
. 1 Stmr Pomo. Winkel, -15 hours from Albion,'
via Point Arena ll,hour». :
Stmr Kevadan, Greene, 7 day* 17 hours from
Kahulul. • >'
-Stmr Rainier, Hansen, 4 days 6 hours from
Bellincham -Bay. • -¦-. . ¦ -. : . ¦ •
< Stmr Maggle.r Corning, 3»4' hours from Half
moon Bay.. • - , ¦ ¦ ' - .
Nor stmr Hero, Syvertsen, 5" daysV from
Comoxi ' . . ; ;'. . • • -¦¦•
Bark Santiaeo, Anderson, 20 days from Hilo.
Exports for the Xorth.
.The.nteamer Quefn, which sailed on Mon
day for Victoria, carried an assorted merchan
dise carco consigned to the | port of destina
tion and the principal British Columbian ports.
The cargo Included the following:
257 pkgs fresh fruits, 17 pkgs freeh vege-,
tables. 42,250 lb« malt. 3370 lbs 135 bxs rais
ins, • 27,310 lbs malt, 1606 lbs seeds. 3S50 lbs
meals, 25 cs canned goods, 120 lbs tea, 773
Ib* chocolate, 643 gals wine, 26- pkgs groceries
and provisions, 206 lbs hams, 320- lbs butter,
4 uk:s caste 1703 ft - hardwood. , 34.298 rfctt
eoap crease, 4 pes steel, 20 boiler . tubes, 20
pkgs arms and ammunition. 1300 lbs sbot.^2
pks* dry* goods, 2 pkgs machinery. 2 '. pkgs
electrfbal supplies, 5 bbls tar, ,30,547 lbs bone
black, 2 pkgs paper, 7188 lbs aspbaltum.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydroaraphic Orfle*. U. 5 S. N.. Mer
« chants' Exchange. San -Francisco, • Cal.,
January 12. 1901. , - ,
The Time Ball On r the tower . of the Ferry
buHdinc was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
XEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Matters of. Inten^t'to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The German ship Magdalene and the French
¦hip Verctnsetorlx are chartered for wheat
from Portland to Europe at 'JOr.
The German - steamer Eva, which arrn-%3
from Moji on Monday, proceeds to ¦ Pufcet
Sound to load lumber for Buenos. Ayrts at 45s
— chartered in England, prior. to arrival. The
British bark Inversnaid proceeds to Adelaide,
Australia, in ballast. .
Lnited States Coast ; and Survey-*—
Time and Height or High and Low Waters
at- Fort. Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. . Published by official authority of the
. ; '
_ X0TE— The ,high and ; low waters occur at
the city, front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide Is the same at both places.
WEDNESDAY.'' JANUARY 13.
Sun rises '.......¦..... r. ... .:...'....... 7 -25
Sun sets 5^<>
Moon rises...;.... .3 :43a. 'ml-
ClTime! Time) Time - JTimel
5 r\TT Ft - -*— * Ft- — - F 1 - '• Ft:
» 1L WJ - H W| y - L. IV - , |H W|
13 j 1:32 2.7Fsl08| B.SL 3:07 0.0 loiob ili*
14 |2:2S. 2.9 8:55 K58 3:52—0.2 10:52 ,44
15 3:17 2.0) 9:.<7 5.8 4:.t{ — 0.6 11 :35 46,
ltt '4:00| 3.0110:10 5.8 5:08 —0.8 ..... . '
. HW L \V H.W ¦' L, Wl '.-.¦¦*•
IT 0:lB 4.6 4:42 3.010:5" 5.5!5:43— 04
IS 0:0.1 4.6 5:24 3.0 11:30 5.S 6:16—02
10 1 1 :271 4.6| 6:U4 . 3.0 12:16 .5.1 0 :4« h o'l ,
' '. T 0TE— In " the above exposition • of .the"tldeV
, the eatly mornlrig tides' are given in the left
hand column" and. the; successive, tides of. the
day In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last 'tide ofth«
day, except when there are but three tides as
sometimes occurs.' The heights given are in
addition to the I soundings of., the I United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus (— )
slKn precedes the height, and then the number
given U subtracted - from . the.- depth - given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the* lower low waters; - > -.' . ,. ¦ =
Burglarize Shot Tower.
Ira A nthony ¦ yesterday broke into the shot
tower at First and Howard- streets and took
therefrom a sack partly, filled with leaden pel
lets..- He was caught with the loot In his pos
beesioii and locked up at. the Harbor Station,
charged with burglary- ' . . • • /
Found Gnilty of Negligence and Un
skillfulness in Navigating the
Coasting Steamer Del Nortc.
Negligence and unskillfulness are
the charges on which Mate F. N. G.
Xordberg: was found gruilty yesterday
by Captains O. FV Holies and J. K.
Bulger, United States local inspectors,
in the matter of the sinking of the
schooner Man' Buhne, C. Green, mas
ter, by the steamer Del Norte off
Kumboldt Bar on December 18 in a
collision.
i In rendering: their decision the in
spectors say: | *
"After a careful consideration of
the evidence in this case, we are of the
opinion that F- N. G. Xordberg was
negligent and unskillful in navigating
the steamer Del Xorte on December
18. 1903, in not keeping a proper
lookout. Had he done so he would
have seen the Mary Buhne in time to
have avo'ded the collision, as it is in
evidence that the Bide lights of the
schooner were burning.
"For reason of such negligence and
unskillfulness, under authority of
power conferred on us under section
445 of the United States Revised Stat
utes, we hereby suspend the license of
F. X. G. Nordberg as mate for the
period of one. year from date. We do
not blame C. Green in this matter.
Value of schooner. $4000; damage to
the Del Norte, U00."
3IATE XORDBERG'S LICENSE
IS SUSPENDED ONE YEAR
Hcrzoein Cecilie to Dock.
The North German Lloyd Steamship Com
pany's trainine ehfp Herzosln Cecilie, which
arrived Monday, will dock at Howard-street
wharf in a few days to discharge cargo. Ex
tensive preparations have been made by the lo
cal German colony for the entertainment ashore
of the Cecilie" s cadets and Captain Dietrich i»
prepared to receive an army of visitors on
board. .' V -' ¦' < • .
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Bumps on, Humboldt Bar.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company's Spo
kane, which arrived yesterday from Curelta,
Ft ruck bottom while crossing: the Humboldt
River bar and is thought to have strained her
hull a little. She will be drydocked to-day at
the Union Iron Works and whatever repairs
are necessary will be- made.
31 eat for Russia's Use.
The steamship Coptic, Captain Armstrong,
which sails Friday for the Orient, will' carry
the first consignment of Russia's big meat or
der. In addition to 300 tons of meat, packed
In kegs and consigned to Vladivostok by way
of Natasaki, the Coptic will carry 400 tons of
lead for Shanghai and Yokohama. The Cop
tic's carco will also include 1500 tons of flour.
The Overdue List.
The Swedish bark Edwardina was placed on
the overdue list ' yesterday,' quoted at 50 per
cent: She Is out eighty-nine days fromMan
zanillo, Cuba, /or Brake. The other overdues
are quoted as follows: Paris. 85 per cent: Fran
cesco Giusepp* I, 15 per cent: Robert Rlckmers,
15 per cent; Loch Bredan. 90 per cent; Jean
Cordonnier, 10 per cent, and Mart a ban, 60 per
cent.
Bar-Bound at Coquille River.
Quite a fleet of coasting verrels Is bar bound
at Coqullle River. Some of the detained craft
have been waiting more than two weeks for a
chance to get out. .It is sixteen days since the
pchooner-Ruby was ready to leave. The other
vessels at the storm-locked port are steamers
Chico and Elizabeth. schoo:.jrs Bella, Alpha,
Coquelle, Onward and Advance. "
SUPER VISING INSPECTOR
ADVISES MORE CAUTIONS'
Warns United States Local Inspectors
to Prevent Such Disasters as That
of the Clallam Wreck.
Captain John Bermingham, Unit
ed States supervising inspector of
steam vessels for the Pacific Coast,
has addressed the following letter to
the local inspectors at Seattle with
reference to the wreck of the steamer
Clallam:
"Messrs. Whitney and Turner, Unit
ed States local inspectors of. steam
vessels. Seattle. Wash. — Sirs: In view
of the recent shocking: disaster, which
carried to the bottom the steamer
Clallam and drowned, as reported,
fifty-four of her passengers, it be
hooves you to examine very closely
the condition of all steam vessels ply
ing in the straits «f San Juan de Fuca.
••From the news we get here it ap
pears that the CMallam disaster was
brought about by the giving way of a
deadlight, possibly a shutter having
a deadlight in it. in her side above her
main deck. Be that as it may, her
loss indicates * that none but the
Etanchest steam vessels should be
employed in those waters. The pub
lic, as well as the Government, nat
urally look to you for a searching in
vestigation in the case, of the Clal
lam, which, it appears, was only six
months old. Respectfully,
"JOHN BERMIXGHAM,
"Supervising Inspector, First Dis
trict."
TO ARRIVE. ~'_
Steamer, i From. 'I Due.
Elizabeth j Ooquil le River I Jan. j 13
Noyo j Humboldt (Jan. 13
Del Nortfc <>escent City I.Ian. 13
Coronado j Grays Harbor ,. . (Jan. 13
W. H. Kruger| Humboldt '. . Jan. 13
Edith | Tacoma Jan. 13
City Puebla.. Puget Kftund Ports Jan. 13
Bonita Newpoit A Way Ports. Jan. 13
San Mateo Taccma . . .' Jan. 14
Santa Rosa... San Diego & \Vfcy Pts. Jan. 14
Point Arena.. .M^ndoeino & Pt. Arena. Jan. 14
Chlro Coquille River Jan. 14
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. Jan. 14
Wellington... Oyster Harbor Jan. 14
Iaqua Humboldt |Jan. l. r »
Colon I New York via Panama|3an. 15
Pomona llumboldt .'. Jan. 15
Columbia ! Portland •& Astoria. .. .|Jan. 15
Arcata Coos Bay. & Pt. Orford. Jan. 15
Mera Hamburg & Way Pts. Jan. 15
S. Barbara... Seattle & Olympla Jan. 16
Czarina Coos Hay Jan. 1«
Rival Wlllapa Harbor I Jan. 16
£5. Monica. . . . j Grays Harbor I.Ian. 16
A. Maru China & "Japan I Jan. 10
CooSBay.' San Pedro & Way PortslJan. 17
LmatUla Puget Sound Ports |.Ian. 17
J.Dollar. ..... Seattle & Tacoma Jan.^17
Chehalis Grays Harbor Jan." 17
Tltiniu Nanalmo ..|Jan. 17
G. Lindaucr.. Portland & Astoria IJan. 17
Eureka Humboldt IJan. 17
Newburg Grays Harbor |Jan. IS
Centralia Grays Harbor ..IJan. IS
State of Cal.. I San Diego & Way Pts.l-Tan. 18
Spokane 'Humboldt jjan. 18
Porno Point i Arena & Albion. IJan. 19
North Fork. . .' Humboldt IJan. 10
City Sydney. . N tw York via Panama Jan. 20
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria Jan. 20
Queen Puget Sound Ports.. . Jjan. 22
Korea China & Japan | Jan. 24
j TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. ¦ Sails. J Pier."
—————— — — —~ . I - ' >
January 13. | . .
Cflronado.. .I^oa Angeles Ports. 10 am Pi»r,10
North Fork Humboldt :..'. 5 pm Pier 20
G. W. Eldet Astoria & 'Portland 11 am Pier 24
January 14. j ,.<•' | ~ r-
Eureka Humboldt j 9 ajufPier 1.1
Elizabeth.. Coqullle River. ....I.... ..iPier 20
SpoRane. . . Humboldt ..... . . ., 1 :30 p|PIer 0
Pomo Pt. Arena & AlbloB 6 prnjl'ltr 2
State Cal.. San Diego & Way, 9 amjPier 11
Centennial. Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pmlPler 20
Noyo. Humboldt 10 am Pier- 2
Arctic....".. Humboldt .'. 10 amlPler 2
January - IS. ¦ - 1 - • ¦
Rainier.... Seattle & Whatcom 4 pmlPler 10
Coptic... China & Japan 1 pm Pier 40
Serbia Hamburg ' & Way. 12 m Pier 19
January 16. . ¦
Pt. Arena.. Pt. Arena & Mdcno 4 pm Pier 2
Bonita Newport & Way.. 9" am Pier 11
San Juan.. N. Y. \ia Panama. 12 m Pier. 40
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
S. Barbara. Los Angeles Ports. 4 pm Pier ' 2
S. Monica.. Tjos Angeles Ports. 12. m Pier j 2
Chtco Coqulllo River 8 pm Pier 2
' January 17. " " ; •
Arcata Cooa B. & Pt Orfrd 12 m Pier 13
S. Rosa.-... Ran Dlrpo & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Pomona.... Humboldt ..... l:SOplPler .9
i ' • January 18. " I.'.'
Nevadan... Hono. & Kahulul. 3 pmlPler 25
Columbia.. Astoria & Portland 11 amlPier 24'
Rival...... Willapa Harbor...! 4 pmlPler. 20
Iaqua...... Humboldt ...."..; ...I 9 am I Pier' .2
Centralia.. Lo« Angeles Ports. 110 amlPier 10
January 20. : . 1- .
Coos Bay.. San Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Alliarce... Eureka &Coos B. 6 pmlPier 16
1 January 21." * I • ;•
TJmatilla... Puget Sound Ports. U k amlPier 9
J Dollar... Seattle & Tacoma. 10 amlPier '• 2-
G Ltndauer Grays Harbor..'... 4 pmlPler 20
Newburg... Grays Harbor. .... 4 pmiPier 10
Sonoma.... Sydney,* Way Ptst 2 pmlPier' 7,
.'¦¦ January 23. ' I I
Colon....... N. Y. vla.Panama.112 m|Pier 40
' FROM' SEATTLE. ¦ ' * 1'?
Stcimer. For. , Sails.;
Cottage City.. Skagway & Way Ports. Jan. 15
Santa Ana.... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Jan. 16
Farallon..'..'. j Skagway & Wtv Ports. IJan. lft
Excelsior t 'Cooks Inlet & Way I*ts.|Feb.- 1
1. c. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m.. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT,
Lieutenant, U. S. N., In charge.
Movements of Steamers.
v TRUSTEES* CERTIFICATES.
S F G & E. — — I
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd.325 ¦ — I > • '*
BANK STOCKS. i
Am Ntl Bk.120 125 L P & A... — 170
Anglo-Cal-.-. S5 MH Mer Trust...' — 2324
Bank of Cal. — 480 Merch Ex... — —
Cal Safe Dp.147% — S F NatlonI — —
First NatlonI — —
SAVINGS BANKS.
G»r SAL. — 2330 Rav & L So. — 1C*>
Hum S & L. — — . Sec Sav Bk. — 450
Mutual Sav.100 — Union T Co. — —
S F Sav U.620 650
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..197%205 I Presidio 38 40
Geary ...... — SO I , .
POWDER.
Giant — 60 I Vigorit — 4%
SUGAR.
Hana P Co. — lt'c Kilauea S C. — 5
! Hawaiian C 43% — Makaweli C. 22 23'i
Honokaa S C 12 12 Yt Onomea S C. — «0
Hutch S P C 6 S Paauhau S C — —
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A.131<m«{ [Oceanic S C 4 5
Cal F C A. — 94'.i!Pac* Aux FA 5 —
Cal Wine A. «3Vi 94 i Pac C Borx.167 —
. Morning S^£~C~
' Board —
70 Alaska Packers' Association... 131 00
10 Alaska Packers' "Association... 131 25
15 California Wine Association.... 93 75 -
50 R F Gas & Electric Co. s 90. . 58 25
20. S F Gas & Electric Co..". 5S 00
JS.WX) L A Pac R R 1st con 6s lot 00
$1,000 N P C-R R 5 per cent 105 00
$5,0C0 S I'- of Arizona (1009). : ...... .105 00
$S.0O0 S P Cal 1st con 5s <stamped>.10S'nO
?5,000 Spring Valley 6 per cent....,.10tt 5Q
Street— " " ;
20 Presidio Railroad Co. 38 00
17,000 Market-st Ry 1st con 5s.... 113 25
-.C08 Pac E Ry 5s, cash .105 Oo
Afternoon Session.
Board — i .
20 Alaska Packers' Association. ..132 00
fiO Giant Powder Con. b 20 61 00
10 S F Gas & Electric Co.. 57 00
1 1O0 S F Gas & Electric Co 57 25
15 S F Gas & Electric Co. s 90.. 57 00 '
10 spring Valley Water Co 41 00.
Street— * '
10 California Wine Association... O5"5*
$5,000 S F & S J V 5s. cash. 118 00
$15,000 S P of Arizona. (1910> 106 00
California Slock arid Oil Exchange
Oil Stocks— Bid. - Asked.
Alma ; :... 140
Apollo .'. 42 .
Associated Trust Cert .... u»
Aztec .... . SO
California Standard .... j ll ,
Caribou "l'5O 1 60
Central Point Con T. ... ....
Chicago Crude ......:. ....
Claremont . . ." ,' 37 ....
Esperanxa 150 ....
Four 63 .."..
Fulton ¦ ,400
Giant -25
Hanford 139 00 ....
Home. "..... 1 10 • 1 12»i
Imperial ". ."... .... -
Independence '.... ¦ - 14 ,*
Junction ". :* .'...; 17
Kern .... 4 75
Kern River ..... ' 12 00
*Llon "..;.¦. 01
Monarch .'of Arizona). ....... 40-. .'....
Monte Crlsto £$ *
Occidental, of "West Virginia. '. . . . .17
Oil City Petroleum 25 •
Peerless .......... ........... H 00 - * -....'
Plttsburtt .;.. ....
Reed Crude-.. 4 50
S. F.-& McKlttrtck... ....
San Joaquin O. & D .... * . . ...
Senator ...................... '¦ ft! ' ....
Sovereign - St" J . ....
? Sterling .2 5O
rSuperlor.- ". — 03 ¦_ 07,
Thirty-Three .6 00 . 7 no
Tolteo ......;......*......... .... -21 ¦•
Twenty^F.ight .............. 4 50 '• ....
,V,'tat Shore ................. .... -3 00
: ' Miscellaneous— , -
Abby Land & Improvement.. .... 1 ."0
Alameda Sugar .... .29 00
American' Biscuit 75 00 • ..;.
American District Tel .... ; ..:.
Cal. Gas & Electric Corp V...- ' ....
California Cottpn Mills ¦. . 89" 00 . »5 (« .
California Jockey | Club . .' ....
California Shipping Co../...;..... .....
Cal. .Title Ins. A .Trust. .*..:. ....
Central Bnak of Oakland./. >.... ....
Chutes Company .;......... ,:.i.. % -.- ;...
Cypress Lawn Imp. Co 6 25- BS7^J.
Fischer's Theater .... j 2 25 -•
Gas Consumers" Assn ..'......- mg\ i '^Yii
Honolulu > Susar .' 13 25 . . ......
NoithernCal. Power : ..;. ¦ » 00 ,
North Shore Railroad....". ...... ¦ .... ;
Orpheum Company ....1600 ....
Paclfle Stat« Tei. & Tel.... ....
.Parafflne PaTnt ............. 35 00 . ....
Sar. Francisco Dry Dock.... .... ....
Sanitary Reduction Works. . . I 50 ....
Sausalito Land *" Ferry...... .... ....
Sperry Flour . Company. v: ...
Standard Electric ..'.¦........:...: . ...'. '
Tesla . Coal Company. 25 OO 30 00
Truckee, Electric . .....
Union Sugar ......*:...;.....":;.....: ..'.. j
United Gas &. Electric... *.. ••••
! Morning Session. - - *:
.• 20t> Independence ...' "14.
2000 Lion ....\. ,01
-j^l Hanford ....- ....:.... .....139 00
a3ivei»es*7B< • , ; Afternoon Session.
. 100 Sovereign -^ "... 5S ;
KO Sovereign '.'.> ..;.*. ......."... S7
J00O Oil City Petroleum •'. 29 '
HERZOGIX CECIL.IE, NORTH
GERMAN LLOYD STEAM
SHIP CO.'S TRAINING SHIP.
To Avoid Duty on Coal.
The steam collier Hero arrived yesterday
from Comox with b^ZTt tens of coal. She was
unable to get a berth here and proceeded to
Port Lob Angeles. The duty on foreign coal
will t>e exacted again on and after January 15
and the Hero will proceed to the southern port
at full ppeed, any delay which would keep
her at sea after midnight of January U would
prevent the Tree admission of her big cargo.
The steamer Wellington of the Dunsmuir fleet
is under orders to make all haste to this port
for a similar reason.
Catches Chinese Sneak Thief.
Quong Chee, a Chinese, yesterday picked op
and walked away with two telesccpe baskets
belonging to a woman who was buying a ticket
at the ferry depot. Policeman O'Callaghan wit
nessed the transaction and Quoncs walk with
the baskets was hut a brief perambulation.
After a. chort interview, in which the Celestial
failed to convince the patrolman that what
teemed petty larceny was really absent mind
edn»s«, Quong Chee accompanied O'Callaghan
to the Harbor Police Station, where the Chi
nese was locked up.
Continued From Page Thirteen.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
CLEARED,
Tuesday, January ,12.
Stmr Geo W Elder, Randall, Astoria; Ore
gon Railroad and Navigation Co.
SPOKEN.
SAILED.
Tuesday, January 12.
Stmr Acme. Lundquist, Eureka.
Stmr Melville Dollar. Fcn-n, Eureka.
Stmr Maccie, Corning, Halfmoon Bay.
Stmr Coos Bay, Nicolson. San Pedro, etc. •
Stmr Westport, Smith, Eureka.
Stmr San Pedro, Peterson, Grays Harbor.
Stmr Geo Loomis, Badeer. Seattle.
Stmr Francis. H Leggett, Reiner, Eureka.
Stmr Giusy. Leland, Santa Cruz.
Stmr Asuncion. Brldgett. Redondo..
Stmr Newsboy, Adler Eureka
Nor stmr Hero, Svvertsen, i'ort Los An
gel: B.
Schr E • B Jackson, Haas. Portland.
Schr Newark, Relnertsen. Stewarts Point.
DOMESTIC PORTS
Dec 14; lat 4 H, Inn 30 W, Br ship Iqulque,
from Lelth, from Honolulu.
Per Fr bark Jean Bart— Nov 6, lat 55 40 S,
Ion 84 W, Fr bark La Fontaine, from Ant
werp, for Ore-on. .' . .
Xov U, lat 41 S. Ion 79 40 TV, Fr . bark
Bonchamp, from Newcastle, England, for San
Francisco. ¦'
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOROS. Jan 12. 10 p m— Weather
clear; wind N. velocity ti miles per hour.
CASPAR-Jfcrrived Jan 12— Stmr Samoa,
from Fort Bragrg. .
Sailed Jan 12— Stmr South Coast, for San
r rancltco
HAN PEDRO— Arrived Jan 11— Schr O M
Kellogir. from Grays Harbor. ~- ,'•
JEt 11 * 6 ™ 8 ," "-Schr Luzon, for Tacoma.
Sailed Jan ,11' -Jap stmr Sflin
ftn<* Ma.ru, for Hongkong; etmr Dlrl«, for
ckagway. ;. v . .. '
AJTijVT 1 J» n 12— s »mr Oregonian. hence 8th.
PORT HADLOCK— Arrivd Jafl 11— Ship
Elwell. from Port Townsenrl.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived" Jan 12— Schr
Robert Searlcs, irom Han Pedro. I '
Etf REKA-ArrTved Jan 12-Stmr, Pomona,
u C f, Jan U: stmr laqua. h»nce Jan 11.
Hailed Jan 12— Stmr Eureka, for San Fran
cisco, -j
Arrived Jan 12— Schr Bertie Minor, from
San Pedro.
COOS HAY— Arrived Jan 12— Stmrs Arcata
and Empire, h«nee Jan 10
PORT TOWKSEND— Arrived Jan 12— Schr
OoldHi fchore, he nee- Jan 1; schr Salem, from
San Pedro.
Arrived Jan 12— Schr Wilbert L Smith from
San Pedro.
TA COM A— Arrived Jan 12— Stmr Leelanaw,
from Port Ix>s Ansreles.
MARSHF1ELD— Arrived Jan 12— Stmr Czar
ina, henc* Jan 10.
WHATCOM— Sailed Jan 12— Schr Alpha, for
San Francisco.
POINT REVES-Pessed Jan 12-Stmr Grace
Dollar, from Grays Harbor, for San Pedro.
FORT BRAGG^-Ai rived Jan 12— Stmr Sa
moa, h^nee Jan '12* .
PORT HA RFORD^Salled Jan 12— Stmr Bo
nlta. for San Franci&co -, '
ASTORIA— Arrived Jan 12— Bktn Amelia,
from Honolulu. , .. . ''
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Jan: ul_stmr
Homer, hence Jan 8. ' \
ISLAND PORTS.
GUAM— Arrived Jan 12— U S I stmra New
Orleans. Cincinnati. Albany and Raleigh, all
from Jlon ulu.i . • .
Sailed Jan 12— U S Btmra Kentucky, Oregon
and \\ lsconaiu, for Caviie. ,- • . '
FOREIGN PORTS."
TABLE BAY— Arrived prior to Jan 11— Br
bark Australia, from Orefton.v,
TBNERIFFE— Arrived .Jan 11— Ger stmr
Luxor, hence Sept 25, for Hamburr.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Dec - 15— Aus stmr
Kobe, from Portland. ¦ j»«<
NEWCASTLE, Aus— Sailed Dec' 17— Schr
•Henry -'K-- Hall, .for- Honolulu. •
In port loadln« DeclS— Bktn Jas Tuft. Ital
ship Michel*- Blanchl, ship Reuce. for Hono
lulu: ghip Win H Smith, for San Francisco.
MAZATLAN— Sailed Jan 11— Ger. stmr Mera
for ' San Francisco, from Hamburg and way
ports.-- • .••:¦ . * ......
' HONGKOXG— Arrived Jan. 0— Br stmr In
dravelll, from Portland.- Or..-. v .•- ,'
' DOVER— Passed Jan 11— Ger ahiD Christine,
from CJueenstown. for - - ¦¦ >-.- v -
ALGIERS— Sailed Jan 11-Br «tmr St Fil
lans. for Boston arid New York.
SWANSEA— Sailed Jan 0— Fr. bark Monte
cello, for, San Francisco. , ,
ALGOA bay— Arrived Jan 12— Bktn Puako,
from Ballard. , • - :..¦¦••-.; *
The bark Santiago, which arrived
yesterday, twenty days from Hilq, was
run into a few hours after anchoring
off Meiggs wharf by the steamer Rain
ier. The Rainier, just in from Seattle,
was steaming, uo the bay and steering
a course which carried her close to the
Santiago's anchorage. As the steamer
approached the tide swung the bark
across her path and the Rainier's
helmsman was unable to clear the sail
ins: vessel.
The Santiago was struck on the port
quarter. One frame and five of her
plates were bent and the woodwork of
one of the cabins was stove in. The
Rainier's stem was badly smashed and
although nobody sustained any injury
the bill for repairs will be expensive.
Turn Verein" Officers Installed.
• The' following: new members were
installed in v of8ce by the Mision Turn
Verein at Mission Turn Hail on Eight
eenth street Monday night: President,
Christ Stader; vice president, Dick
Stegeman; financial secretary, Dick
Brune; corresponding secretary,
Frank Slenten; treasurer, Tom Nlcol
aren; trustees, Abe Mene,.John Stege
man, C. F. Sperling and A. Fisher;
president of singing section, Louis
Berg; shooting captain, William Bock;
president active turner, A. G. Wei
mer. Tuynschwestern— President, Mrs.
G. Arndt; vice president, Mrs. M.
Hageman;., treasurer, Mrs. -A. Stader;
secretary, Mrs. "K. Gugel; trustees,
Mrs. M. Mayer, Mrs. Klippel and Mrs.
M. Henrichs. After the Installation
a dance and banquet were held.
VICTORIA, B. C; Jan. 12.— Two tugs
with their flags at half-mast arrived
this morning from ; a cruise in the
straits with five more bodies of wreck
victims.
The steamer Princess Beatrice while
on her way to New Westminster this
morning found the body of Peter La
plante of Friday Harbor, which was
turned over to the Trader and brought
to port. Four other bodies were recov
ered floating in a tide rip between Race
Rocks and Brotchie Ledge by the tug
Edna Grace. These have been identi
fied as N. P. Shaw of Victoria, a prom
inent local business man, mine and ship
owner; Miss Gill, who came from San
Francisco to testify at the Hopper-
Dunsmuir will case, . now proceeding
here; Harvey Sears, stevedore of the
Clallam, • a brother of Captain Sears,
owner and master of the ¦: Iroquois,
which made an ineffectual search for
the sinking vessel on the night she
foundered, and Miss Minnie Murdoch of
Seattle. . /
Application has been made to the Ot
tawa Government for a commission of
inquiry. The Board of Trade has re
quested the Minister of Marine to es
tablish a life-saving station at Victoria.
The California State Btrard of Trade
desires to have *a booth at St. Louis
from which literature regarding Cali
fornia may be distributed. This was
discussed at a meeting of the board
that took, place yesterday. Manager
Arthur R. Briffgs reported that the
California commissioners to St. Louis
had denied an application for space fur
such a booth, on the ground that other
organizations also are seeking space,
and it would be impossible to grant the
demands of all because there was not
sufficient space to go around. Man
ager Briggs also reported that he had
received a letter frorq Governor Par
dee, which was read. In this Governor
Pardee had written that he fully ap
preciated the cood work of the State
Board of Trade and saw the necessity
for having California well advertised
at St. Louis.
Manager Briggs advised that the
board continue to urge upon the St.
Louis commission the need of having
literature distributed by the State
Board of Trade. He was instructed to
ascertain what could be d«ne. During
the discussion it was stated that*space
has been granted in the California
building for booths for both the Santa
Fe and Southern Pacific companies and
that the transportation people hav« lit
erature relative to California at the
exposition.
A comjnunication from Secretary
Cortelyou, chief of the new Depart
ment of Commerce of the National
Government, was also read. He thank
ed the -State Board of Trade for its
offer of co-operation in the matter of
having a representative display of Cali
fornia products placed in the building
of the department. Secretary Cortel
>oU wrote that the offer of co-operation
was highly appreciate3. ,
Managec Briggs reported that the
commercial organizations of San Fran
cisco, which have been considering the
entertainment of a body of forty rep
resentative men from the Philippine
Islands, have decided to show the men
from the Philippines around the city
and the tay. From San Francisco the
Filipinos will go to St. Louis. They
are representative of every principal
industry in the Philippines. The date
for their arrival in this city has not
been announced. Their stay here will
probably last two days.
The work of the State Board of Trade
is evidently appreciated in the interior
of the State- letters of commendation
•were received from San Jose, from the
Sa» Benito County Improvement Asso
ciationPfrem the Stockton Chamber of
Commerce, from the San Luis Obippo
Couijty Board of Trade and from the
Board of Trade of Modesto. In some
of the letters were Btrongrly worded
resotutiors indorsing the course of the
State Board of Trade.
Thanks were voted to President Chip
man for his action at the recent con
vention at Fresno of the fruit growers
of California. A report to be pub
lished^ illustrative of the mining indus
try of the State, was received from
State Mineralogist Aubury.
Business 31en From Philippines
Are to Be Given Chance to
View Industries of This City
Application Is Made to , the Ot
tawa Government for aCom
' mission to 3Iake Investigation
INQUIRY IS DEMANDED
CORTELYOU ALSO WE1TES
Tugs Return From a Cruise on
the Straits AVith, ; More Vic
tims *of the Clallam Disaster
Governor and County Organiza
1 tions Send Letters Anent Ad
vertising of State Resources
Sailing Vessel Suffers Considerable Damage, Having One Frame and
Five Plates Bent and the Woodwork of Cabin Stove In— The
Other Craft Smashes Her Stem 'and Repairs Will Be Costly
WORK OF BOARD
IS COMMENDED
FIND BODIES
IN A TIDE RIP
COASTING STEAMER RAINIER RUNS
INTO THE ANCHORED BARK SANTIAGO
Mining Stocks.'
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales en- the San TraM-
Cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday.
. » '" MoYning Session.
2200 Andes .75-100 Hale & Norc.l IJ>
200 Andes "JlOOO Julia — • *!;
100 Andes 7S 7CO Justice **
300 Belcher M SCO Kenttfck „ ™
&00 Belcher 55 500 Mexican • so
300 v Belcher !W 35<> Ophlr .. : • "'
200 Belcher 56 15W) Overman .... £»
100 Best & Belch. 3 10 200 Overman .... ;«»
100 Bullion 20 W<0 Potosl «~
, 100 Bullion ...... 18 200 Potosl i*i
000 Caledonia 1 S5 600 Savage £*
500 Challenge ... 3» 550 Savage •«
100 Challenge ... 40 2CO Scorpion .... 03
1200 Chollar ...... s^i 7C0 Seg Belcher.. J*
300 Chollar 3<d SCO Sierra Nev...l 2S
15C0 Con Cal & V.2 70^2400 Sierra Nev...l 20
400 Con Imperial. 0ft 2CO Silver Hill... •.* \
1500 Con Imperial. 04 500 Silver HUI... »"
100 Confldencw ...1-2O 700 Silver Hill... «?
400 Con NY.../ 18 200 St Louis ~J
1100 Cro-wn Point.. 33 200 St Lou!* 22
1200 Exchequer .. 30 1500 Union Con...l Ro
100 Gould & Cur. 72 700 Union Con...l 60
1900 Gould & Cur. 69 2900 Utah 30
1800 Hale & Norc. 90 1 6^ Yel Jacket.... 49
200 Hale & Norc* 93 ' 300 Y#l Jacket.... 54
200 Hale & N'orc.l Co 2C0 r Yel Jacket.... 55
Afternoon Session.
100 Andes 55i 200 Mexican 2 »">
«0O Andes 02!. 100 Mexican 2 «»
120O Andes Oil 300 Mexican 2 50
600 Belcher 45- 100 Occidental ... 75
HOG Belcher 44: 3C0 Ophtr .....637Vi
200 Caledonia ....t 10, .",00 Ophir 6 25
100 Caledonia ....1 20 ICO Ophlr 8 12H
200 Caledonia 1 25 50 Ophir 8 °°
300 Caledonia ....l'.IOi 6C0 Overman .... SO
. 10O Challenge ... S2 500 Overman .... 31
lif.0 Chollar 29 700 Potosl 30
2C0 Chollar 30i 4C0 Savage 63
50 Con Cal & V.2 00| 500 Savage 0*2
400 Con Cal & V.2. 03 1""" Scorpion .... 06
S00 Con Imperial. 01) 50b Scorpion .... 05
500 Con Imperial. 05 6C0 Seg Belcher.. 15
100 Confld<>m-* ...1 «n 600 Sierra Nev... 83
300 Con N Y 14 2CO Sierra Xev... »*»
70O Crown Point.. 311 100 St 'Louis 22
500 Gould * Cur. R5i 10O St Louis 21
200 Gould & Cur. 54! 400 Union Con...l 2f>
500 Hale & ICorc. 8S- 20O Union Con...l 25
**"> Justice is' 800 Utah 20
6C0 Justice m 200 Utah 21
300 Kentuck ..... Co 800 Yel Jacket.... 45
TACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the. Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Andes 65! 100 Overman .... 34
100 Andes' tN>! 10O Potosi 42
200 Andes 69 ICO Potosl 41 |
100 Andes 70! 70O Potosl 40 |
100 Best & Belch.2 50. 2CO Potosl 35 ;
100 Caledonia ...1 35 ' 100 Savaxe SO
100 Caledonia ...1 30! 500 Savage R5 |
200 Challenge Con 40; 200 Savage 70 j
200 Chollar 39 ICO Savage 72
800 Chollar 40 :;C0 Scorpion 07
400 Chollar 35 2C0 Sierra Nev ..1 25
200 Con C *: Va.2 85 5«0 Sierra Nev . .1 20
400 Con C & Va.2 00 200 Sierra Nev.l 22^
4CO Con C & Va.2 75 100 Sierra Nev.l 17&
500 Con C & Va.2 50 10O Sierra Nev ..1 05
100 Con C & Va.2 55 100 Sierra Nev.l 07H
500 Con Imperial. 04 200 Sierra Nev ..1 15
100 Crown Point. 40 300 Sierra Nev ..1 10
20Q Crown Point. 34 100 Union Con.l 47*4
300 Crown Point. .".3 200 Union Con ..1 45
2^o Crown Point. 30 100 Union Con . .1 40
100 Goqld & Cur. 63 ICO Union Con ..1 60 j
200 Gould & Cur. 65 700 Union Con.l 62V?
1C0 Gould & Cur. 62 200 Union Con ..1 €5
200 Justice 20 1M) Union Con ..155
600 Justice 18' 100 Union Con.l 52 V.
200 Justice 19 200 Union Con ..1 50
100 Kentuck 09' 100 Union Oon.l 42^
100 Mexican 3 f5 100 Union Con ..1 30 i
.100 Mexican -...3 37Vi 40O Utah 33 I
2CO Mexican 3 35 2C0 Utah 2« i
500 Mexican 3 60; ICO Yellow Jacket M
100 Mexican 3 25! 200 Yellow Jacket 5«
SCO Ophlr 7 23' ICO Yellow Jacket 55
100 Ophir ..." 50! ICO Yellow Jacket 54
100 Ophir 6 KW 100 Yellow Jacket 52
Afternoon Session.
100 Andes 63 100 Gould & Cur. «O
100 Andes' fiO 200 Justice 2O
15C0 Andes ... 52 100 Mexican 2 75
300 Andes .'. 53 100 Ophir ...... 6 12'4
J 00 Andes 54 20 Ophlr « .V»
200 Belcher 4SJ 400 Ophir 8 23
200 Caledonia ...1 20' 100 Savage K»
100 Caledonia .1 17V 600 Sierra Nev ..1 CO
100 Chollar no! 400 Silver Hill .. 6S
100 Con C & Va.2 .TOj 500 Silver Hill .. 6r»
350 Con C & Va.2 25 300 'Silver HUI .. KT
400 Con C & Va.2 lol 200 Union Con ..1 25
300 Con C * V.2 12U 100 Union Con ..1 3f>
1000 Con Imperial. 04 200 Utah 25
200 Crown Point. 30 100 Yellow Jacket 51
20O Crown Point. 32 300 Yellow Jacket 50
100 Gould & Cur. 63 200 Yellow Jacket 49
TONOPAH MINING EXHANGE.
Following were the sales on th» San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday :
Morning Session.
BOO Brunswick. ..-.08 ,200 Paymaster »» 10
10 Mont Ton ..1 20 loo Ton N Star.. 31
4C0 Mont Ton . .1 15 700 Ton N Star. .30
Afternoon Session. ' •
7M> Golconda Con 151 500 Ton Belmont. 60
100 Mont Ton ...I 15! *VCO Ton Midway.. 44
* CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY, Jan. 12—4 p. m.
Bid.A?Vc.l Bid. Ask.
' Alpha 10 Injustice 17 IS
Alta 11 lSJKentuck 05 C6
I Andes 5-T "m| K Graeasler.. — 1 75
Belcher 43, 45,l,ady Wash . • <W —
Best & Belch.2 0.V3 f.3'Mexican .'....2 l>0 3 00
1 Bullion 14 J? : Occidental ... 70 75
Caledonia ..-..1 25 1 30j Ophlr 6 60 6 75
Challenge... 31 34 Overman 33 34
Chollar Z'. 34 1 Potosl 30 32
Confidence ...I 15 1 ?5i Savage 61 62
Coti Cal "& V.2 30 2 35; Scorpion .... 05 07
Con Imperial. 04 nxi ?*» Belcher.. 14 1«
Con N Y.... 14 l"(Slerra Nev...l PO 1 P5
Crown Point.. 33 R4| Silver Hill... f-5 70
Eureka Con.» — fO;St I.ouis 24 —
Exchequer R 24 2« Syndicate ... 04 C6
GouM & Cur. «l «3 Union Con...l 80 1 35
Hale & Norc. 90 92 Utah ' 23 25
Julia 09 111 Yd Jacket.... 47 4S
TONOPAH MINES.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
MacNamara .10 — Ton & Cal.. — 25
Mont Ton. .1 12'' 1 15 Ton of Nev. — S 87V^
NY, Ton — O5 Ton N Star.. 3O 32
Paymaster .. OS 13 Ton Midway.. 42 44
Ray & OBrien — 11 Ton Superior. 50 75
Rescue, 04 05 United Ton... CD 12
Ton Beltnont. 1 55 t!0
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 13, 1904.
12
g^r^EHrTFACI FIC
740a KneTurermore: Tr^y. LatBrop. ?
ss-srifia- >l «i # .K 4M9
Placerrlile. M*rj»Tllle. Chlco,
}*-*tt RlntT #•••••••<••••••• •¦• "**w»
I SOa O»Hil»le. Chines* Jame.wwn. 80-
1 ,50* u - or(w Tuolumne«n<l Angel*..... 4 *SP
sss: «SffTasart3'«& •;¦;;;
Lsthrop. Stockton. Merced.
RafmoaJ. rre«ao. Ooshen Jaac-
«2k. Hanford. Lemoore. VlwUa.
wwmm m
I :1 vSflrtSi. OroTlll. and w.j
« Ha?^£S»Uei*a^VaVli«aS^ 7*h
« § ' ? Scr C^^r^od B e7?o:
. xn. M«rt?nei Tracy. Swcktoo. Lodl... 18.25a
"-«S&i;fe^,r' ! " Jii;
Jo.e. LtTermore................ I ni.S&k
EJJOr Tho Owl Limited— Now man. Los
o-COr 1 B£ w^ * M «ndota. Ttfno. Talare.
Baker»fleld. Lo* Aaitele*.
Golden State Limited Bieejer,
Oakland to Lo* Ancele*. for CW- g
scop porfcos'tt jrwA" stoekioa::::::: 1225?
i t5 30r Haywsrd. Klles and 8»n Jo*e 7234
¦¦ loOe "a? ward. Nile, and San Jo*e. ...... 3554.
g.OOr Eaitern Expres^Oitden. Dsn^
j Omahs, 6t. Loal*. Chicago and
! Ka»t. Port Co»tv Bentels, SiU-
•an. Elmlra, DstI*. Sacramento,
Rock tin. Auburn, Colf«.
Trucier. Boc». Keno, Wad*-
worth, Wtnnemuec* B-Z3»
S OOp Vsllejo, dally, except Sunday.... » j^g,
till «^ n r/A y S:>oVrc^-ti
/ - w " Martinet M dWiy8UUoM...... 11.2la
8.C5P Oregon * Csltfornla BxpreM-Sae-
rs-mento, M»rr»Ti!le. R"*** 11^ ,._.
Portland. Puget Sound and fast. 1.59*
8.tO* Hsyward, Nile* and San J»«e(3an-
daronly) 1i-Ba»
8-1 6a Newark. CenterrlUe. 8sn Jose.
Feltoa. Boulaer Creek, Sasi* •
Crui and W ay Station* . - »•¦•»
t215r Kewsrk. Ceatervllle. Bu M
Kew Alraaden.Lo» Gato*,Felton,
; Boulder Creek, Santa Cra« »"d
I Principal Way SUMoo v;*^"55 4
• 4.15r Newark. 8anJo*e. Lo*Oato*aa€l tt.S5 4
> wayatatlon* )i10 53*
! «9-30p Hnater* Trata. Saturday only. Saa
i Jo*e and Way Station*. Betura- ¦
lag from Lo» G»to» Sunday only. XI 28>
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
Frem »AN *'KAN CISCO. Fool of Market St. (Sllpt>
I — fJ:15 9:00 11:00 A.M. 1.00 300 5.15 r.w.
Frem OA1CLAKD. Foot of Broadway — t»:OU J3-.3I
t»:05 10:00a.m. 12-00 200 4 00r.it.
j COAST LINE < Bread Wa.ge).
i tSf"(Tt»lrd aart fownaend 3tre<U.>
' 6.10a San Jose and Way SUtton* 8-50>'
i 700a San Jose and Way Station* S.38'
I SCO* N'ew Almadea (Tiki, Fr(U., only), 4-1fl*
1 8 00a The Coaster— Stops oaly flan Ja*e,
1 Gllroy (Connection for Hotlta>
ter). Pajaro. Ca*troYllle • (con-
nection to and from Moaterey
aad Paclfle GroreX Saltnaa. Saa
Ardo, Paso Rabies. Santa Mar-
e»rlt ». San Lul* ObUoo, priacrpal
itatloat thence Surf (connection
for I.ompoc). principal uttttoni
thence Saata Barbara,S*e Baena-
rentura, Saagu*. Los Angeles... 18.4V
8.C6A Saa Jo*e. Tres Plant. Capitol*. <
8aataCras,Pa«tflcOroTe.SaltBa*v
Saa Lot* Obtspe sad Prlaclpsi
Way SUtles* 4.10»
1830* Saa J»*e and Way SUtitat 1.207
1140a Santa Clara, San Joie, Lo* Gatoe _ ._
and Wsy Station 7.J0>
1 -JOf Saa Joie sad Wsy Station* ¦ • 32*
&W3r Del Monte Expreas— Santa Clara."
6aa Jots, Del Monte. Maaterey.
Paclfle Grtre (eonneote at Saata
; Clara f»r Santa Craz. Bevldar
Creek an d N arrew G» at* Potats>
st GUroy for HolMster. Tree __„,_
Pino*, st Castrovllle for^aUaaa. 1Z-1S*
SSQr Tres Pines War Passenger.. ....... 13 43*
4 30p Paa Jo*o aad Way Station* t8.00-i
tSQOr 8an Jete. (tU SaaU Clara) Lea
Cato*. aad Principal War Stv
* tion* (excevt Sunday) tS.OOa
ibZOp EanJa*eandPrtne^alWaySuaeas ii-iOM.
! i-fcOr Scmet Limited.— Bed-wood. Saa
; Jo*e.GtlroT.SaMaa«,F»*oRoble*.
Saa Lala Oblspo. Saata. Barbara,
' Los Aaceles. Demlnr. El Paso.
New Orleans. Jfew TorJt. Con-
nects at Pajaro for Saata Cms
and at CastroTflln for Paelfle
GroTC aad Way Buttons 7.13a
tt-1Sr SaBMatee.BeresfordJietaieac.Saa
\ Carlos. Redwood, Fair Oaks.
MealoPark. Pal* Alto..... t«.-*a»
t .30r 6«n Jote and Way Stattoaa. 9~51U
8 00p Palo Alto and Way Station* . 10.13U
11.30F South S-iaFraaclsco, Millers*. Bar- .
linscame. San Mateo. Belmont,
San Carlos. Redwood. Fair OaVu,
Menlo Park, aad Pale Alto...... MS*
aii-SOr Mayfleld. Meuntaia View. Snaay-
\ vale. Lawrence, Saata Clara and
San Joee..t t9.43l
A for Morninr- P *»r Afteraooa. ""**
1 Evnday ezcepted. t Snnday only.
a Satarday only. *
J ~ I Stop* at all stations ea S aad »r.
f»"Only train* • topptnr at Vswncla 8t- to^thbewai
«rp6:li)A.M.,::00A.M., n:Sf»A.M^3:»y.*^«:30r.*.aa»
( 1:00 p.*. • /
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. Cft
t .Tnc;g;TTfm
SAN FRANCIStU anj NUHTH PACIFIC
EAILWAY C0MPA3TT. i*.
Tilmroa rerry. root ot Market Street.
SAJT F&A1TCISCO TO SAW SAJAEi.
WEEK DATS— T:30. 9:0O. 11:00 a. m.; 12:3a.
3:30. 6:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursday* — Extra, trta
at 11-.3O p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:30 an£ 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; l:30t
3:30 6:00 8:20. 11:30 p. m.
SAX* BJIPAEI. TO SAW 7BAN CISCO.
WEEK DATS— 6:03. 7:35 7:50 9:20. 11:1S
a. m.: 12:30. 3:40. 5:00. 5:20 p. ra.
Saturdays— Extra trtp at 2:05 snd 6:33 p. m.
6UNDAY9— 8:00. 9:40. 11:15 a. m.; 1:40. 3:4fl|.
4:B3. 5:05. 6:23 p. m. .
Leave I In Effeet I Arrl»«
San Francisco. I Sept. 27. 1903. (San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I Destlna- I, Sun- [Week
; Days, f day*. | * tlon. | days. | Days.
7:30a 8:00a ~ " 9:10a •:40a
9:30 a Igsacto, 10:40 a 10:20 a
»:30p 3:30 p * 8:05 p «:20 a
ISHOp 5:00 p ' 7:33 p
7:30 a 9:10 a 8:4Os>
S:0Oa Norata 10:40 a 1O:2O a
3:30 p 9:30a Petaluma 6:ft3p 6:20 b
6:10 p 3:30 p , and 7:33 p
5:00 p Santa Roam.
7:30 a ' 10:40 a 10:20 a'*
8:00 a Fulton. 7:35 p 0:20 0
3:30p 3:30 p ¦
Windsor.
7:50a 8:00 a H-aldsburs. 10:40 a 10:20*
Lytton. .
3:30 p 3:30 p C»yservllle. 7:33 p 8:20 9
Cloverdale,
7:30 al 8:00 al Hopland. 110:40 a 1 10:20 a
8:30 pt 3:30 p( and Uklah . | 7:35 pj 6:20 p>
7:30 a| 8:C0a> WMIUa. • \ 7:35 p| 6:20~p"
T:S0a| S:0Oa| ]10:40atl0:30 a,
8:3O pt 3:tOp| Ctiernevfn*. f \ 7:35p{ 6.2Q p
7:30 al S:COa| Sonoma, I 9:10 al 8:40 aT*
B:10p|5:C0pl Glen Ellen. | 6:05 p) 6:20 p
- 7:30a| 8:00 at 110:40 a! 10:24 »
3:30p| S:30pj Stbatopol. 1 7^5p| 6:20 n»
, STAGES connect at Green Bras for Saa
. Quentln: at Santa Rosa, for Whtt* Sulphur
¦ Springs; at Fulton for Altrurla and Mark west
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs- at Ger-
»trvUl4 for Skasrss Springs; at ClovenlaU far
the Geysera. Booneville and Greenwood- ¦»
, Hopland for Duncan Spring*. Highland Sprtnn
Kefseyvlll*. CarUbad Spring*. Soda Bay. Lake"
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vicii*
Springs. Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes La Ur -i
DeH La«e. Witter Springs. Upper Lake, pon^/
Potter Valley. John DaVs. Riverside. Uerl»*m!
Buckneir* ' San.hedrtn Heights. Hullvin» Orf»
Hot Springs. Halfway House. Comptch«,'Cara»
Stevens. Hooklns. Mendoclno City Fort Bn»
Westport. Uial; at WUUta for fort Brajr*
Weatport. Sherwood. Cahto. Covello. LaTton-
Tllle. CiraiDtngs. Bell's Springs. Ham* 01-
aen'a. Dyer. Garbervtlle. Pepperwood, s'cou*
and Eureka. - -Tmammtm*''* ' Hi .
¦ Saturday to Sunday round-trip tlekata at re-
duced rates. •
1 On Sunday round-trip tickets t» " all notnlai
beyond 8an Rafaat at half rates. ww "
! Ticket of Sees. . «3O Market street. CBronlclai
building. . -*«»
I H. C WHITINO. * R. X.RTAN.
. - Gen. Manager. Pen. J'aaa. Agt.
The leeklj CaB.
*HAIIWAY TBAVEI*.
CALIFORNIA
I LIMITED TO CHICAGO
J LEAVES DAILY
j ,. at 0:30 •. m,.tliroA»h.la 3 dnyi,
.with diner aad all trapping*.
- ' Other Santa Tm Trains:
Z^a** 111 "! for Stockton. Fresno. Bakersfleld.
9.30a.. m. Hanford and Vlsalla.
8:00 p. m. J ¦ . . r
' 4:00 p. m. for Stockton.
8:00 pm. for Kansas City,' Grand Canyon ani
.Chicago. . -.-...';
TICKET OPPICB— «41 Market St.. asfl
.retry Depot,- S. P. Also 1113 Broad-
way. Oakland. Cal. 27 . Sont a rtrst
. . St^ San Jos*. -
"~ TOSANRAFAEL/
ROSS VALLEY,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc
,: via Saasalito Perry.
I Suburban Service StandarU Gaug* Electric—
Depart from San Francisco Dally— 7:00. »:J0.
• ;00 10 :00. 11:00 a. m. -12:20 1:43, Zili, 4:14.
• ¦15 6:15 7:00 8:45. 10:20. 11:43 p. m.
'rhoit 8AN RAFAKL. TO SAN FRANCISCO
¦ — Dailr— B -2S : 6 :33 7 :40. 8 :35. 9 :3». U:« a.
m.7 12^2o! Tl'.4i"2 : .iS. 3:45. 4:43, 4:45. 6:44.^
S*42& - 10*20 &^ fir*. - - .i- • r ¦ ¦ -
FROM MILL. VAaEt TO SAN FRAN-
aSCO-DaJlV^:". «:53. -7:82. S:M. 8:58,
H.-M a m. 12:35.2:00. a :15. 4:05. SiOi. «:03l
7:03. 9:00. 10:35 p. m.
; V -' • THROUGH TRAINS.
! 8:00 a ra dally — Cazadero and way staUoaa.
• »:l5 p. m. week days (Saturdays «xctpte4>—
Tomalea and war stations. s
3:13 P. ni. Saturdays — Cazadero and way »ta«
. -- Sundays only — 10 a. m.. Point Reyes aa-(
way stations- ¦ -----
TICKET OFFICE— 6C« Market «t.
FERRT— Union Depot, foot of Market it.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
" •-,-.- Leave Tu faasaUt* twrj Arrive ,
Saa Frsndsco F»»t*fMarit»tfc Saa Francfac*>
'Week Sun- - m ' ~ Sun- I Week
•1I.H1*8:UUa S^^^ l-::oar foTIOj
•I:46r • »:00a ¦sfeC'aBJI l:95p 2:5i>r
*:i*F 10:00a »:«0r 5:.'>0p
_. 11:OOa YfcraSsSy 4:5Or »:»©?
~~~~.. ¦ l:45f 5:5Op __
• '1 1 ". 3;X8f " : ' T:OOr ,
.- - *«¦««*^ettt ttsfit 'tjr ¦;-* : ' ,. ; Myss* sat TIDrs- fcky
'. nctR J 636 MAJtKBT ST-(North Shore RailroadT*
tfflCB I tad SAUsxtrro Fs»y, Foot Market St.Trading on the Bond Exchange was very fair
again, with a decline in Gaa and Electric from
$50 to $57 and In Alaska Packers on tha
morning session from $133 to $131, though tho
stock recovered to $132 in the afternoon.
Giant Powder was weak at $Q1. There was a
sale of Presidio Railroad at $38. Among th«
unlisted securities United Railway bonds sold
as follows: aOCO. $76 75; 53.0OO. $77: 10.000.
$77 23.
Mining stocks Continued active, but wer*
lower thin on the preceding day. The oil
stocks continued dull. « -
Ex-dlvldend yesterday: Alaska Packers'
Association, regular monthly, $1 per share,
amounting to $48.CO0.
California Powder Works (new corporation)
will pay the usual monthly dividend of 50c per
share January 20.
The Northern Securities Company baa de
clared a regular quarterly dividend of 1% P«r
cent payable February 20.
The Bank of California will pay the usual
quarterly dividend of $4 per shar« January 13.
The California Fruit Canners* Association
will t»y a retrular monthly dividend of SOo
per share January 20.
The regular annual meeting; of the stock
holders of the Mutual Savings Bank has beea
called fo.- January 1». •
At the regular annual meeting of the stock
holders of the California Safe Deposit and
Trust Company the old directors were elected
as follows: H. D. Fry, J. Dalxell Brown. T.
J Hay Walter J. Bartnett. William C. Pey
ton A.' D. Sharon. W. F. Barton. Jamaa H.
Swift. James Treadwell. E. N. Harmon and
H Th7 NevaST^Uonal Bank ha. declared »
semi-annual dividend at the rate of 7 per. cent
per annum, payable January 15.
The- Hana Plantation Company has levied
assessment No.. 4 of 10c per share, delinquent
March 5.
Stock and Bond Exchange.*
TUESDAY. Jan. 12— % p. ; m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I ¦ Bid. Ask.
44 ar coup.. 107U10O i in qr cp n«wl33\il34V4
4s ar r*g...tO7UlC9V4l3s qr coup..l06V4108
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS. •¦"—
Ala A W 5s. — — O T Co 6s..T16U — •
Bay OTC 5S.101H103 Do 5- -...108 — ,
Cal C G 5«. — 106V4 Do con 3m. — 101 .
Cal C & E g Oceanic S 5a. -* 75
m & ct 6a 1 — 10* Om Cable ««. 120 124
Cal-st 5s. . . .114 — Pac O Im 4s. 85 10O
C C Wat 5s. — 100 P E Ry 5s.l04%l(»
Ed L & P Bs.120 — P A C H 6».103Vi —
F & C H 6s. — 117 P A O R •«. — 117^
Gearytst Ss . 45H 0O Powell-st «s.113U —
H C&S 5^s.lO* — BE GAR 5«. — lOO^i
H C A 3 5s. — 100 »F A SJV5-.117U —
Hen R T 6».105«4107 9 R of C «s.112H
L A Elec 5s. — — 3 P of A 6s
L A L Co 6s. — — (1010) ... .109 — -
Do rtd ««. - — 8 P Of C *
5» ltd 5s. — 104ft (1905>Sr A.108- IM
LAP lem 5s. 101 — (1906)3r B. — 104
Mkt-st C 6S.U5H — (1008> ....104% —
Do lem 58.113U — <1912> 113% — .
NRR of C6s.l04^ — SPC 1 eg 5a. — — .
Do 59 ....115% — Do stmpd. 107ft 108 Vi /
N P C R 5s. — 105% 8 P B R 6s.l32S —
X C R 5s.. — 112 3 V W <s..106% —
jtCPCSi- 101 Do 4s 2dm. !W,10rt
NSRR5». — 100 Do 4s 3dro. 98*» SO
O O L H 58.1OTV4 r— Stkn GAB 6« — 1C2
O W gtd 5s. — ICO U O A E 5s. — " —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 41, (Port Costa.. — —
Marin Co... - «S IS V W Co. 40% 43
OAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 3% 4 S F O A E. 57 57»J
Mutual E L. 7 0 Stkn O A E. 5 —
Pac L CO..53H— U G A E.. — 39
Sac E Q AR — —
them altogether. The feeling is steady, but
there is no demand worth speaking of. Prunes
are steadily held, as growers rather expect bet
ter price s before long In view of the shortage in
the other fruits. There Is nothing new tn
Raisins beyond that menticned yesterday,
namely, that Eastern buyers are waiting to see
what course the association will pursue In re
gard to prices at the special meeting called for
this week. Nuts are inactive and Honey Is
dull, though some apprehension down south re
garding the cooiing crop Is reported, as the con.
tinued dry weather does not promise much of a
crop of flowers for the bees.
FRUIT— Apricots, 7US9*ic for "Royals and 3
©lie for Moorparks; Evaporated- Apples. +®
SVic; sun-dried. 3<g4c; Peaches, 4@«*ic; Pears,
tii&lOc; Nectarines. 4g5Hc; Figs, white, 4@4*ic
In boxes; black. 4V,c; Plums, pitted. 8®9c per
pound.
PRUNES— 1903 crop. 2»4©2%c for the four
sizes.
RAISINS— F. o. b. prices. Fresno, for 1903
crop: .10- lb boxes — Loose Muscatel. 2-crown.
5Vic per lb; 3-crown. 5%c; 4-crown, «5Hc; Seed
less Muscatels. i%e: do. floated. 4 l jc; un
bleached Sultanas, 4 %c;. Thompson's Seedless,
5Uc. London Loyers — 2-crown, $1 25; 3-crown,
$1 35; 4-crown clusters, $2; 5-crown Dehesas,
$2 50; (5-crown Imperials. $3; Malaga Loose, 2
crown, 5c per lb; do 3-crown, <5%c: Valencia
Cured. 4t£c: Pacific, do. 3?»c; Oriental, do.
2%e. . Seeded Raisins— l»j-oz. .-packages, fancy,
8c per lb; choice, 7%c; 12-oz packages, fancy,
0%c; choice, V&c; In bulk, fancy, 7»ic; choice,
"%c. I . •
NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 softshell. 13^et4c;
No. S. ll%«12c: No. 1 hardshell. 13#t;{Hc:
No. 2, lligll^c; Almonds,* lie for Nonpareils.
1014c for I X L. lOVic for Ne Plus Ultra and
8*ic for Languedoc; Peanuts, 6«J7c for Eastern;
•Perans, 11@13c; Cocoanuts, 94 50@5; Chest
nuts, Sfgfioc per lb. <
HONEY— Comb, 10®ll%e for white and 8U«J
9Uc t"or amber: water white extracted, 5<9
5^c:* light amber extracted. 4^94%c; dark.
3Haic. ¦ -; . - ' - . .
BEESWAJX— 27®29c per lb.
Provisions.
Local packers are quoting Hams Vtc lower
and -sugar-cured Bacon slightly off and barreled
Pork 4s also lower. The market Is well sup
plied and qui«t. Lard is unchanged.
The Chicago wires of Bolton. De Ruyter &
Co. say: "Market higher. Hog receipts again
large and prices at the yards were without ma
terial change. The country speculators are,
however, bullish on Provisions, because they
are relatively lower than last year and because
they probably hope for some help from the war
1 news. Receipts of hogs are large and we think
will continue so. While there is a fairly good
• diptributlve demand, yet stocks must be, ac
.cumulating rapidly and the packers are letting
the outside speculators have the product. AVe
are inclined to the view that on these condi
tions Provisions are a sale"
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 11W.C per lb for
heavy, 12c for light medium, 14c for light.
14%c for extra light. 17%<c for sugar-cured and
19c for extra sugar-cured; Eastern sugar>cured
Hams, 13?4c; California Ham«, 13c: Mess!
j Beef, fll 50 per bbl; extra Mess, $12@12 50;
.Family, $13; prime Mess Pork. |16; extra clear. I
.$24; Mess. $18; Dry Salted- Pork. llHc; Pig 1
Pork. $28; Pigs* Feet. $5 25; Smoked Beef, 15c j
per lb.
t LARD — Tierces quoted at 7»4c per fb for j
compound and Be for pure; half-barrels, pure. ;
9V tC ; 10-lb tins, 9%c; 5-lb tins, 9T«,c; 3-lb tins, ;
10c.
COTTOLENE— One half barrel, 8 T £c; three !
half barrels. 83ic; one tierce. $%c; two tierces, |
S^c; five tierces, 8%c per lb.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
A further advance In Hops is reported and '•
the market is active and very firm. Stocks ail 1
over the coast are extremely light, as fre- !
quently mentioned of late. The local trade say
that there will be a large increase In the acre-
I age this year, as bids of 17^c per lb for the
I new crop of 1904 have caused much excitement
i in the Hop districts. The Eastern and foreign
I markets rule firm. j
Wool Is reported in very fair demand and
stocks are steadily being reduced. Prices are
easy, but not quotably lower. The market Is '
In very fair condition for sellers. !
Hides are stead/ both here and In the East
at previous prices.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about '4@lc under quotations. Heavy Salted I
Steers. 9c: medium. 8c: light. ~U,c: Cow Hides. 1
7^4c for heavy and 7V4c for light: Stags. 5c; |
Salted Kip. ftc; Salted Veal. 10c: Salted Calf. I
I 10«,c: dry Hides. 15®16c; dry Kip. 13c; dry ¦
! Calf. 15>c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 25®30c each;
inert Wool. 40t/t;0c' each; medium. 70<JrO'Jc: long i
' Wool. $101 50; Horse Hides, salt. $2 75 for '
large and $2©2 50 for medium. $1 25*?1 75 for !
small and 5Oc for Colts. Horse Hides, dry, !
$1 75 for large and $1 50 for medium. $1@1 23 ;
1 for small and 50c for Colts. Buck Skins — Dry !
1 Mexican. 31c; dry salted Mexican. 25c; dry j
Central American. 31c. Goat Skins — Prime An- j
»goras, 75c; large and smooth, 50c; medium, 35c; |
small. 20c.
TALLLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4V,c per lb; No.
2. 4c: grease. 2&®3c. 1
¦WOOL — Fall clip — San Joaqutn Lambs'. 9^ '
lie: Middle County. lliS12c; Northern Free. I
H0'12o; Northern Defective. 10#lle; Humboldt '
1 and Mendocino. 12&14c:- Nevada. 131»l5e; Ore- I
i.gon fine, lSiRlflc; Oregon medium, 17c per lb. !
HOPS- ! -23«jr_ > 7ttc per lb for California. • j
Meat Market.
The weather situation is getting grave. The
Weather Bureau report, which Appears in the
; first column, says that pasturage is drying up
, in the southern counties and that the cattle and ¦
sheep there are dying for want of feed. Local j
butchers report that no lambs of any conse- .
quence have been received inls • year and that I
there will be none if the drought: continues, as ;
the lambs will have to be killed to save the ;
I ewes, as wan done in 1S77. ' Los Angeles re- :
I -ports to the Weather Bureau that the season '
. thus far Is the dryest since 1S63-94, when no
j rain fell during the whole winter.
'Otherwise there are no new features to the j
I market and quotations remain unchanged.
, Large and small Hogs are plentiful and weak, J
, while the m«-dlum. ranging from 140 to 2C0
1 pounds, are scarce and wanted. |
DRESSED MEATS. !
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers '
are as follows:
BEEF — 6H@7^ic for Steers and 6#<JVic per
lb for Cows.
i VEAL— Large. 8g9c; small. 0@10c per lb.
I MUTTON— Wethers. 8@SHc; Ewes. 789ftc
i per !b.
LAMB— O^eiOc per lb.
PORK — Dressed Hoes, 7®8^4c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good, sound 1
Livestock, delivered in San Francisco, less SO !
per ctnt shrinkage for Cattle:
I CATTLE— Steers, 8p0c;. Cows and Heifers, !
I 7@*c: th'n Cows. 4@5c per lb.
CALVES — l$4>-ic per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 3S4@-4c; Ewes, 3tt©3tfc 1
per Ib (gross weight).
LAMBS — l%65c per Ib.
I HOGS— Live Hogs. 140 to 20O lbs. 5Vi«5Hc:
over 2fO lbs. 5c; soft Hogs* 4Hc: sows. 2O p?r
cent oft; Boars. 50 per cent off. and Stags, 4O ,
per cent off from above quotations.
General Merchandise.
BAGS — Grain Bags. 5©-5>4c: San Quentin.
! 5.55c; Wool Bags, 32@35c; Fleece Twine. 7H@
I 6c. ¦ . 1
I CANNED FTtUITS — The California Fruit ;
Canners' Association quotes the following price
list: i
— .. , .,, r „ T~
5 »3 I £
FRUITS. . 5? ¦ 3" 3. "
p : - ? M 1
Apples $1 55 11 SO $1 2O'$l 10
Apricots'.... 135 1 25| .... •
Blackberries 1 B0 140 1 30| 1 20 :
Cherries R. A 2 15 190 170 140
Cherries, white 1 75 1 60 1 35
Cherries black 2 00 1 75 1 60 1 35
Grapes 135 1 2O 1 10 ICO
Yellow Free Peaches 140 ¦
Lemon Cling Peaches... 1 80 1 (SO 1 30 1 20 .
Pears 2 00 175 .... ....1
Plums 1 35 1 15 1 C5 95 '
Raspberries 2 60 2 25(2 10 100
Strawberries 2 00 1 75[ 1 60 1 40
CANNED VEGETABLES — Tomatoes. 2%-1b
standard 82}&®S5c; Green Peas — Baby petits
poin $1 50: petits pois. $1 3Sr; \ rxtra sifted.
91 15; standard, sifted, $1; standard*. 85c:
marrowfats, 8i:t4c: srallon, sifted, $4 25; gal
lon, standard |3 75. * \
COAL — Wellington. $8 per ton; New Wel
lington. $S: Seattle. $8 50; Bryant. *« 50; Bea
rer Hill. $5 50; Standard.' $7: Roslyn. $7;
Cocs Bay. $5 50; Greta. $7: Wallsend. $7; Rieh
1 mond. $7 50: Cumberland, Sl.'J in bulk and
$14 25 In sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg,
$14: Welsh Anthracite Egg, $13; Welsh Lump.
$11 50; Cannel. $8 50 per ton; Coke. $11 50®
1 13 per ton In bulk and $15 In sacks; Rocky
Mountain description*. $11 45 per 2000 lbs and
$12 80 per long ton. according to brand.
PACIFIC CODFISH— Bundles, per lb. 4c:
cases regular, 4%c:- cases, extra large. 5c;
Eastern style $6; boneless. 5>4c: "Norway,"
5Hc; "Narrow Gauge." 5*4c; "Silver Kln«.'\
7c:. blocks. -'.'Oriental," 5%c: blocks, "Sea
bright," 0c; tablets. 6*ic;- middles, <mQl\c;
fancy boneless. 8\4®9?4c: pickled Cod. bbls,
$7 75: pickled Cod. hajf bbls. $4 50.
CORDAGE — The local company quotes as
follows CO days or H per cent discount for
cash, no xales under 10.C00 lbs; Manila. 14V«c:
Sisal 10%c: Duplex. 9%c; Bale Rope. 10V4©
10%c per lb. ¦ • . ' ¦ ' ¦ •¦ -
COrFEE — Costa Rica, 13^ei5c nominal for
strlcUy prime to fancy washed; 12 Vie 13c for
prime washed; ll>-i®12Uc for good washed:
10>^®12Hc foi good to prime washed peaberry;
8©10%c'.for good to prime peaberry: »Htllc
for good to prime; 8S0c for fair; 5%©7%c for
common to ordinary.
Salvador — 12%6i:sc nominal for strictly
prime' washed; 10012c for good to prime
washed: 8>^68l4e for fair washed: SH011c for
fair to prime wasted peaberry; O'iSXt^a for
good to Drimo semi-washed: Oc for superior
unwashed; SMQHftc for good green unwashed;
OQB'/ic good to superior unwashed pea
berry: ZWftTAc for Inferior to ordinary.
Nicaragua — 12 l ;®l-? ! Kc nominal for prime to
fancy washed: 8%«10%c nominal for fair to
strictly good washed: 8\«683ic for good to su
perior unwashed: OffOt-jc for good to prime
unwashed pea b«rry. ; -¦' ¦ - •
Quatetnala and Mexican— 11 YiH 15c for fancy
Exchange and Bullion. ' j
Sterling Exchange is higher and ¦ telegramj I
on New York have also advanced. Silver is :
unchanged.
Stirling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 S3
Sterling Exchange, sight. — 4 86
Sterling Exchange, cables. — 4 87«i
New York Exchange, sight .... — 12%
New .York Exchange, telegraphic. — 17 Vis
Silver, per ounce : — 5.s%
Mexican Dollars, nominal ...... 44 @ 45
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Spot business is still
'¦'dull at about. 12s Od a* the nominal rate for
Europe. The chartered Wheat fleet In port
has a., registered tonnage of .T417. against 23.- i
750 tons on the same date, last year; disen- '
gaged 102,750 tons, against 76.550; -on- * the :
way to this port. 183,000 tons, against 173,700 I
WHEAT — The foreign markets showed no
chanae worthy of note.
Chicago (advanced from SG^c to 87%c, but
fell back to 87 Me "Mild winter weather' was
teport»-d everywhere. Foreign news was more
warlike, but conflicting. The market at pres
ent will be governed entirely by the news from
the Orient,' combined Armour's operations
The weakness was caused by the selling of
houses with Wall street connections. France
and Russia say there' will be no war; Japan
and China. say there will be war. Bradstreet't
gave the world's supply an increase of 1,234,000
bushels,. '
Bolton & De Ruyter's Chicago wires gave the
following crop summary: United Kingdom and
Spain — Weather at present too wet. Russia —
Recent severe freezing weather continues, but'
in the 'southwest the ground is partly covered
with snow. Wheat stocks are still decreasing.
Roumanla— Still deficient : snow covering and
crop; need protection, as the weather Is ex
tremely cold. .France — Crop 1 satisfactory, but
weather unseasonable. Germany — Weathea
during the past. week colder; crops partly pro
tected - by snow. India — Rain wanted In some
parte: fair quantities of new crop Calcutta be
ing offered. Chile—There will be no export
able'surplus from the present crop,- This coun
try has not- been; an, exporter of wheat since
1808-99. , when it shipped 1,600.000 "bushels. -
Cash • Quotation* in ¦: the local market show
some variation, -both, -up. and down, as- will be
seen. The market' aa a" rule Is firm. Futures
remain about a* before. . ¦'*
CASH WHEAT.
California : Club. $1 38%@1 4214; California
"White Australian, $1 45@1 50; Northern Club,
$l-38?i@l 41&; Northern Bluestem, |1 4714
fil CO; Oregon Valley. $1: 40.' .
• , ¦ • FUTURES.
• -. Session 9 to 11:30 a, ml
¦ , ¦¦ Open. High. Low.' Close
May ....... ~.*1 39%, $1 39% . $1 3S% .. ?1 38%
...2 p.~m.: session. : ,-;
¦"' . Open. High. Low.'" Close
May ....I". .^Jl 30 -'.H 33',i *1 30 •; "fl 39>i
* BARLEY— Futures remained about the same,
but s the ¦ cash ¦, grain was firm s on . dry " weather
and; light,' receipts. The .demand'; Continues
moderate. . . ' , . ¦ :
' CASH BARLEY.
Feed.- fl 10@l 13%;, Shippint; .- and : Brew-
STOCK MARKET.
Ing. $1 15S1 20; Chevalier. $1 20®l 45 or fair
' • FUTURES.
Session 0 to 11:30 'a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May ?1 07% ?1 €8^ ?1 07tj $1 07?;
2 o. m. session.
•Open.' i High Low. Close.
May $1 C8 -JlOS J107%.|107%
OATS — The situation has shown no change
for some weeks. Receipts and stocks are mod
erate and the usual local demand keeps stocks
from accumulating. Dealers report a very
steady tone.
White, $L 22^01 25 for California and
$1 27H@1 3jJ for Northern; Black. $1 45@l 65;
Red. $1 20@l 32Vi for feed and $1 25@1 35 for
seed: Gray. $1 321a.
CORN — What wiih the diversion of the move
ment in the southern part of the State to the
stock ranches for feeding purposes, there i3 lit
tle or no domestic Corn being received here
now, and the bulk of the local supply consists
of Western. Tills latter description is also be
ing freely brought into the State for stock
feeding, as mentioned several ttmes of late.
The feeling is firm.
. Western sacked. $1 20@l 27^ for Yellow.
£1 22>.3«il 25 for White and $1 20@l 22Vi for
Mixed; California large Yellow. $1 2f %«n 3rt;
small round do. $1 40®l C0;-Whlte, $1 30@l 35
per' ctl. ..Egyptian.- $1 4u@l 55 for white and
?1 25 for brown. • j
RYE-$1 25«T1 30 per ctl. The market is
quletand prices have not changed for weeks.
BUCKWHEAT—?! 75«?2 per ctl. . .
\ , Flour and Miflstuffs.
Local millers report but a moderate demand
for .the goods un(k>r this head and the quota
tions remain as before. s
FLOUR— California Family, Extras, $4 60^
4 S3, usual terms; 'Bakers'. Extras,' $4 5t»<3>4 ?*>;
Orepcn and Washington. $3 90@4 20 per "bbl. lor
Family and $3 »0@'4 40 for Bakers'.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in packages are as
follows: . Graham Flour. $3 25 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour, $3 25; Ry* Meal, $3; Rice Flour,
$7; Corn Meal. $3 25; extra cream do, $4; Oat
Groats (4 50; Hominy, «4@4 25; Buckwheat
Flour. $4 5C«T4 75: Cracked Wheat $3 75; Fa
rina. $4 CO; Whole Wheat Flour $3 50; Rolled
Oats, bbls., $7 25@8 60; in sacks. $6 75@8 10;
Pearl Barley, $0; Split Peas, boxes, $7; Green
Peas. *5 50 per 100 lbs.
: . - /.'-v, --¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ *
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Aside from a decline In Cora products all
prices remain unchanged. Bran and' Middlings
are. -firm, .with light offerings. Hay rules very
I firm, .with complaints of dry weather from the
southern districts. No complaints of any eon-
I sequence have thus far been received from
north of thr> bay. J
. . BRAN— *20@21 per ton
MIDDLINGS— $26 50028 50 per ton.
SHORTS — $19 50®20 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley $23 50^24 50
per ton; OUCake Meal at the mill, $27#28 6O;
Jobbing. $29<ff30; Cocoanut Cake. $21<fi22; Corn
Mcal,-#2«fi2S. 50; Cracked Corn. $28f 29; Mixed
Feed. S 22ft 23; Horse Beans. $.10ig40 per ton.
HAY— Wheat. *14®17 50< Wheat and Oat.
$14(S16 50; Oat. $14*H6; Wild Oat. $13:314 »>;
Barley. $12«14: Stock nominal— none here; Al
falfa. $12@13 50 per ton.
, STRAWr-50@65c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Beans continue very, quiet, and, with the ex
ception of Limas and small Whites, which are
governed by the dry weather, and Reds, which '
are scarce and held by one house, the market
is now quoted weak. This market Is abJut 30c
higher than Michigan, hence the Middle West
is taking Michigan Beans In preference and
giving this market the go-by. Seeds continue
(iuiet and featureless.
BEANS— Bayos. «2 3502 50; Pea $3 25; But
ters. $3; small White. $2 85@8; farge White.
$2 40@2 60; Pink. $2 65@2 80; Red. $4 2504 50;
Lima. $3iJ?3 15; Red Kidneys $4 25- Black
eye. $2i{J2 15 per ctl: Horse Beans, $2(g2 50.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard. $3; Yellow Mus
tard, $2 65@2 80; Flax, $1 80@l 90; Canary,
5ft5t;c for Eastern; Alfalfa, Il@l4c; Rape,
1 14@2c: Timothy. fgC^c; Hemp 3U4T3V>c per
lb; Millet. 3@3ViC; Broom Cora Seed. f20@23
per ton.
DRIED PEAS— Nominal.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
The market for table Potatoes continued act
ive at steady prices and dealers experienced no
difficulty In disposing of the best offerings at
full figure*. ¦ The recent arrivals of Oregon
Burbanks, although not strictly first class,
were well cleaned out of first hands. Higher
prices would have been obtained had the stock
been of better quality. A car of Sweet Pota- !
toes was marketed and cleaned up quickly at
the recently advanced quotations. Onions ruled
firm at previous prices, and what little Oregon %
ttock was offered was quickly snapped up at
the top rate.
As usual on, Tuesday, the. receipts of'vegeta
bles from Los Angeles by rail weie light, but a
steamer which arrived on the preceding day
brought up several consignments and supplies
of most kinds were ample. String and Wax
Beans, Summer Squash. Egg Plant and Green
Peppers ruled firm at steady prices while
Peas and Tomatoes were lower. There was
very little inquiry for Tomatoes, owing to the
cool weather, and the light supplies proved ex
cess.ve. The other vegetables were plentiful
and unchanged.
POTATOES— Burbanks from the river 70®
8oc »er ctl; Salinas Burbanks. $1 25@1 60 per
ctl: Oregon Burbank*. 9Oc®$l 15 per ctl: River ''
Reds. 60®00c per- ctl; Garnet Chiles. «l«n 05 I
per ctl; Sweet Potatoes, $1 85 per Ctl. i
0X10X9-11 33@l 50 per ctl. - '
• VEGETABLES— Green Peas, 3@5c per 5b"
String Beans, 10®15c per lb: Wax. lO^lSc;
Tomatoes from Los Angeles. S5c@$l 25 per box
or- crate; Summer Squash from Los Angeles, I
J1©1 25 per box: Cabbage. 50c per ctl: Carrots i
60c per sack; Hothouse Cucumbers. $1 50 per •
dozen; Garlic. C<g$c per lb; Egg Plant. lft@->0c i
per ibrDried Peppers. 5©Sc per lb for Stock- j
ton and .ll«ri2Hc for southern: Dried Okra. i
12iAc per lb; Green' Peppers. 7010c per lb;
Mushrooms. 20©25c per lb; Marrowfat and
Hubbard Squash. $10«15 per ton for round I
lots and »4©y 4 c per lb for sacked.
Poultry and Game.
The Poultry market was active and in good !
f nape for sellers. The third car of Western for
the week was on sale and cleanea up promptly
at pood' prices. Domestic stock moved f reelyj
large young chickens especially being in de
mands Receipts were moderate and . nearly
everything in the chicken line was quoted
h.Kher, A few cases of dressed Turkeys came
in ami met with ready sale at previous prices
££*¦«£& raYeV 11 " Sht SUPP ' y and «g£l
Game arrived freely and was weak, trade
being of a hand-to-mouth character. Teal
POLLTRY — Dressed Turkeys. 23®23c per Ib-
H3K&S&& >V 9@2 °° W lb^ Geese:^? e nalr: }
$^2^5; Goslings. $202.25: Ducks. $5®6
?rJ»- ?'" i ft>r old an i> *««" for young; Hens.
*<w( for large nnd $5©5 ,'>O Tor small" youni
Roosters S5 D0S6 50; old RoosterT. »3@3 50^
a n T£ r^'" 0 ' Ilrolle "'. ** 50@5 for large
and $3 50@4 for small: Pigeons. $1©1 25 per
a °Z?JZ r ?J d , and $2 25 ® 2 50 for Squabs.
GAME— -Mallard Ducks. $3@3 50 per doren
a^ESb^-, » 3 ® 4 = S P r 'S- «173«2: Teal
?1 _'5; WidGTeon. $1 25: small Ducks $1- I
| Gray Geese » 3 ; White Geese. 75cO$t 23;
i Brant._?l 50 for small and $2 for large; Honk- I
c",- *°«- for lar Ke and $4 for small: English
f, ni J?r n 3 Lu C . 0mmon Snlco - $1 50 = WIM Do™*.
II 25: Rabbits 12 for Cottontails and $1 25 for
Brush; Hare. $1.50.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
,x. r ' ut \? r ruI " 8tend y at the advance noted at
lit. b ?5j nnln fc of the week, and stocks aro
light. There are seme Victoria and Los An
ffeles order.! on the market, which keep stocks
down, but the local demand Is nothing extra
Cheese Is depressed at the decline already
noted, and holders are making free concessions
J to movs the goods. .
I ¦ Eggs continue to decline, I but very ilowly
' Receipts are again increasing, as will be seen'
j The demand Is reported poor. - .
Receipts wore 40.r»00 lbs Butter, 877 cases
Eg-e* and S200 lb# Cheese.
.BUTTER— Creamory. 2G#27i4c for extras
and 24@25c for seconds: dairy, 18024c- Ftore
butter, nominal: cold storage. lSS22c per lb
for ordinary and 22^(5240 for extras
CHRESE- llflllVic for the general market
12ffil2*4c for i«olect mild new and in#?i0Uc for
lower srrade3; Young AmericaF. 12'^®13;; East
ern. IBfZlfic: UQloc per lb
EGGS— Ranch. 30@31c for choice to fancy
and 27'4(9i'9e for small and mixed colors; store
25©2Sc; cold storage, 25«B20c; Eastern nominal
and about gone, at 23#24c for cold storage.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
¦ Liberal supplies and continued dullness char
acterized tho market for Citrus fruits yesterday
and all grades of Oranges ruled weak at the
recently-revised quotations. Some dealers who I
had purchased freely at tho auction sale on the
preceding day were trying to force sales at a
very narrow margin of profit, but to no avail.
As previously mentioned the top quotation for
fancy -Navels was an extreme figure for a few
desirable elzes of special brands, $2 being the
top for . the general market. Other Citrus
fruits were without quotable change. Four or
five a rt of Oranges will be auctioned to-day. •
Receipts of .Apples continue very* light and
the market is gradually cleaning up. Prices,
however, .are unchanged and stocks of all de
scriptions are still In excess of the demand. • '
APPLES — Fancy ' Spltzenbergs. $1 50®l- 75
per box;' other varieties, $1@1 40 for fancy,
50<R90c for choice and 25@40c for common
PEARS — Winter Nellis from cold storage,
$1 50<ji2 per box.
CITRUS ; FRUITS— Navel Oranges. $1 500
2 25 per box for fancy. $1@1 50 for choice and
W)c<gjl for standards: Seedlings., Mc©$l;
Tangerines, 50cii$l per box :. Japanese Man
darins. -75c©$l . for half boxes; Lemons, $l 75
©2 50 for fancy, $1 25® 1 50 for choice 1 and
75c)g$l for standard; Grape: Fruit,- *l©2; Mex>
lean Limes. $4©4 50: Bananas. $1©2 per bunch
for- Hawaiian and 82S?2 50 for Central Amer
ican; Pineapples, $2®3 per dozen. •
Dried Fruits,Nuts, Raisins, Honey
Receipts of Produce. . •
FOR TUESDAY. JANUARY 12.
Flour, qr sk» .. 14,«CO! Hops, bales ... lOrt
AVheat. ctls 2.35O Screenings, sks. 4t0i
Barley, ctls 2.JU5; Pelts No. -.•.... 105
Corn. East. ctls. 60OJ Tallow, ctls ... 223
Beans, sks 1.4.",6s Hides. No. ..,. 45",
Potatoes, sks .. 2.^00, Raisins, boxes.. SCO
Onions, sks ... COOj Leather rolls .. 1C3
Bran, sks 650' Wine, gals 43.0Or>
Middlings, sks.. 2C0 Brandy gals .. 10,ltrt>
Hay. tons 843' Sugar, ctls .... MO
Straw, tons 5 Lime bbla .... 403
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks .. 3.6CO!
AUSTRALIA. • •
Wool, balei .. 6211
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK. Jan. 12.— Call loans, 2Hper
cent. . • tm r^_
Nczc York Stock Market.
NEW YORK, Jan. 12.— The revival of anx
iety over the Far Eastern outlook made itself
felt in the yielding tendency in price* of stock*
again tf.-day as well as of cotton, while grains
consistently advanced. The effect -was more
noticeabif. homever. in the almost total killing
of speculative Interest. During- the afternoon
the stock market became -pfactiealljr stagnant.
The dribble of stocks' >was sufficient to cause a
flow doutiward tendency of prices, but' th'ere
was ar much lack of aggressiveness on the
part of the bears as of the bulls. In fact there
was evidence of some derire on the part -of the
bears to cover shorts in a few stocks. Th«
borrowing demand for Pennsylvania in the loan
crowM pointed to an uncovered short interest.
**ic firmness of (bis dock in fa.ee of the dc* 1
presslon elsewhere caused some credence to be
given to the persistent rumors of a plan of ad
justment of points of antagonism being worked
cut In official consultations between the Penn
sylvania and the Wabash interests. There was
a demand for Amalgamated Copper, also to
cover shorts. The early firmness of this stock
was attributed lii part to the encouraging re
ports of trade conditions and especially large
foreign demand for copper and the large in
crease in foreign consumption judged by the
lack of impression upon European stocks made
by the large purchases of the last few month;-.
The movement In United States Steel preferred
was languid, but the volume of trading was
well maintained. The consumer of steel rails
was reported dissatisfied and holding back from
purchasing. The corporation's announcement
of the renewed offers to employes of preferred
stocks with privilege to receive a bonus" on
earnings and the reduction of the prtce to $55 a
share instead of 5 V 2 50, as in the preceding of
fer, was received with varied comments. The
poor response of yesterday's market to the fav
orable Far Eastern news was a subject of dis
appointed comment, giving rise to fears that
the abstention from the market of investors
and large buyers might have some, other mo
tive than the threatened war. The eaee of
money In face of tne call upon the Lake Shore
debenture bond syndicate for a 07!«i per cent
installment ef the $40,000,000 matured Lake
Shore notes gave assurance of no pressure upon
the money market on account of the listless at
titude of the buyers. The market cloved with
out effectual recovery.
Bond* were rather irregular. Total sales.
12.&0O.C00.
United States 2s declined H and the 3s ad
vanced U per cent on call.,
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks — Open. High. Low. Close.
Atchison 18.000 67tf «ti% «G^
Atchison pfd 8SVt
Baltimore & Ohio.. 7,1<W 78% 7S»» 7S?i
Bait & Ohio pfi.~ " S9.
Canadian Pacific. .. 1.100 ll«»i J16»i 11«',s
C«n cf New Jersey. 200 160 160 159
Chesapeake i Ohio. 300 -JWtyVJtJ ;^^.
Chicago & Alton... 8,500 SGV 35H 35 "<4
Chi & Alton pfd,,. 16,000 S5 b2 84
Chi Great Western. 1.700 1«H 15% lStfc
Chi G W B pfd 100 .2* 28 2S
Chicago & N W «0O 167 166^ 1«5.
Chi Term & Trans. 000 . 12 Ilf4» 11%
Clil T & T pfd Z.90O 20 ' 25 25Vi -
C. C, C &St Louis 76
Colorado Southern.. 2,000 19 18V4 18%
Colo South 1st pfd -.. t... 5Gb
Colo South 2d pfd.. 1.U00 27 H 20^4 27 M
Delaware 4 Hudson 100 1C5 165 , 164 .
Del. Lack & West. ..:.. ....-' .... 270
Denver & Rio G 20
Dra & Kto G pfd :.- .... ,.«84
Erie • 0.700 2S>4 27*4 27%
Erie 1st pM l.COO «7% 67% C7%
Erie 21 pfd 300 4S*i -47%- 47»i
Great Northern pfd „......, .... 170
Hocking Valley.... 100 74 74 : 74%
Hocking Val pfd /: S3H
Illinois Central 1,200 131 " 181 • 130»i
Iowa Central 21
Iowa Central pfd 100 -40 40 . 40;
K C Southern.'. ,.",...<> „; . JO .
K n Southern pfd.. " 800 "SC»4.- 38^ . ¦ 30 A
Louis & Nash 2,000 s 108 ¦ 107%. 107. -
Manhattan L 1,700 142% 142Vi~ 142'
Metropolitan St Ry. 1,600 "121 ¦ >'• 120% • 120K
Minn & St Louis.. 200 C4*4;<. 64% ¦-. 6tl
Missouri Pacific 7,200 »2\i 01 H- Bl*i
Mo, Kan & Texas.. ' 400 17 17 17-.
M. K & T pfd S00 39!$ • 39H XiM
KU-K R Mex pfd:. ;• 20O / 3»H' 39^-:*3SU
New York Central. »O0 119»i 113^ 119%
Norfolk & Western. 300 55^4 55Vi 55Vi
Nor & Went pfd.. S3
Ontario & Western. COO 21%- 21*4 21ii
Pennsylvania 52.000 119% 118T4 lift'
Pi C. C & St Louis. 200 <aV* C3U : KPi
Reading 7,200 44 », 44% 44!*
Reading lxt pfd 100 78 78 - 77%
Reading 2d pfd -•- tS'A
It<x-k. Island Co.... 7,800 22>i "21H ;2l4i
Rock Island Co pfd. .:.~- 58^
StL & SK.lst pfd ...". ' ...-; " CO -
StL & SF24 pfd... 100 41 41 40%
St Louis & S W.... 100 14U HH R
St L & S \V pfd.... 1.000' 34%. 34 H- 34^.;
St Paul 11.000 143% 142% 142%
St Paul pfd ~ 177
i Southern Pacific 1.400 48% 4Si; 4S$«
| Southern Railway.. 2.100 20 ' l»%i 1U%
Southern Ry pfd ...- .... .... -73V4
! Texas A Pacific 800 26 25'i , 25%
T, StLkW...... 300 25H 24»j ?R
T. fit L A W pH 38
Union Pacific 22,500 7SV5 77»i
Union Pacific pfd .... .:.. . so .
Wabash .' S00 v. 20% 20V« ¦ 1»%
•Wabash pfd ......:. 13.200 . 3SH 37% ¦ 37 %
Wheeling * L K... 100 "17%- 17»i 17%
Wisconsin Central... 2,300 - 18% 18% 18-
Wis Cent pfd •¦ .500 . 41 . 41 40 T
Bxpresa Companies-^-. ¦ • •" • ;
Adams- -.••• .:;.., ' .... -220..
American ..... ....... : .... - IPO .
United States '. -V ..'... .... 10S .
Wclls-Fargo ...... 203
Miscellaneous — • .- • ..».. •*.• .-
Amalgamated Cop. 44.100 SOW 49V4 • W%
Am Car & Fndry-,.7 JOtr 18% ..,1SH «
AmGttVpli 000 67*i C714 67.
. * . . - ¦ . • -
Retail Meat Prices. ;¦_
Th» following retail prices for meats are
quoted by the Retail Butchers' Protective As
sociation:
BEEF— Prime P.osrt. 1531Se: Porterhouse
SteaJc. 18^22^.c; Tenderloin Steak. lMSISc;
Sirloin Steak 12%@15c; Top Round Steak.
12V.c; Beef Stew. We; Corn Beef. fcj»10c: Soup
Bones. «c; Soup Meat t>%f 10c.
VEAL — Loin Roast. 13tf2Oc: Shoulder Roast,
1246 l.V; Chops acd Cutlets. 15320c; Stew,
12HS15C
MUTTON— Leg 12U@15c; Forequarter. 80
loc; Stew SglOc; Prime Chops. 12h©lSc-
LAMB— Leg. 20c; Forequarter. 124615c:
Hindquarter, 18^i20c; Shoulder Roast, lo@
' 12%c: Chops lS&l^c.
PORK— Roest. 12SSlSc; Chops. 15318c.
Theee prle«-s do not cover the cheaper grades,
a* it is impossible to quote regular price* on
them.
The Weather and Crops.
The weekly report of A. G. McAdie. section
director of the climate and crop service of the
Weather Bureau. 1« &s follows:
; GENERAL SUMMARY.
In the central and northern portions of the
ftste the weather since the first of the month
has bet-n partly cloudy and loggy. with occa
sional light rains ard heavy Trosts. In nearly
mil parts of the «.out«ern sections the weather
has continued clear, cool and ary, with north
erly winds and Jre<juent frostn.
The cold weather hat htd very little injuri
ous f-fTect except in retarding the growth
of crops and dimlriUhing the supply
of feed in the southern districts.
Wheat. oats. barley and grass are in
excellent condition In nearly all parts- of the
central ar.d northern sections, and prospects
arc- gov>d tcr large erope; the soil is also in good
condition for turtifer cultivation, and rapid
progress is being made In plowing, seeding and
orchard work. In Southern California the
. rainfall for the season is less than cne inch,
and the continual drought, with cold nights
ar.d iJrylajr^mds. -nas been disastrous to the
crops. FVrm ' work ¦ bas been suspended except
where irrigating vrat^r i* available; pasturage
fa£S drir-i up in mus: places and cattle are dJ'.ng
. on th«- rang-ee. A littie dry plowing has been
done in the eoutl;. but all tarm work is back
ward. - :
The' planting end" rrur.lr.g'of tree* and vines
are in progress in rrs<"*t sections. The frosts
have caused but little damage. Southern
•California oranges ar<> maturing slowly, owing
tu rool weather, and the fruit is reported gen
«ra:ly snaallf-r than that of la*t season. Straw
berriee ar* plentiful.
SACRAMENTO VALLEY.
Nearly normal weather conditions have pre
vailed Finoe the first of the month. Light
ralr. has fallen at intervals and fogs have
beta fr<-<juent in the river districts. Severe
"frosts bxv* occurred in most sections, but no
material damage has been done. Wheat, oats
and bariey are tn excellent condition and mak
•ing fair growth, though sliphtly retarded by
«ool weather. New grass is growing rapidly ',
•and creen feed Is plentiful. Stock •« rener
«1!>- in good condition and Improvin*. Plow
ing, seeding, tree planting" and pruning are
progressing. Strawberries are plentiful.
COAST AND BAY SECTIONS.
' Partly cloudy and Ic-psr weather has pre
vailed in the central and northern sections
fcince the first of the month, with occasional
light rain and clear, dry weather ha* con
tinued in vhe s«outh«T-n districts. Heavy frosts
J»ve occurred frequently in all sections, but
no damage has resulted except in retarding
the grewth of crops. Grain and grass are In
jood condition and making fair growth in the
•ert r;-.: and northern sections, but in the south
ern districts these cross are very backward,
pasturage is erarce and cattle are suffering
¦ecctcir: It ir reported that stock are dying
on the ranres in some places. Orchard and
farm work are tiiogrrtBlng.
" SAN JOAQCIN VALLET. " •*-• ;
Generally clear and cold weather, with fre
quent teggy mornings, has jrevailed since th»
1st. Many pevere f rests have occurred, but
• being followed by foggy mornings the damage
has tw-en slight. The soil in the northern por
tion of the valley is in good condition for farm
*vork and plowing and seeding are progressing
rapidly ; In the central and southern portions
"farm Work is at a. standstill for m-ant of rain.
Early sown grain ie making slow progress on
. account of the continued cool weather. Pruning
anl cultivating orchards and vineyards con
tinue. Ferd is very scarce, except in the ex
treir.f northern portion of the valley, and
cattle and sheep *re suffering on the ranges
for want of pasturage. The ditches are dry
and rain is badly needed.
SOUTH ERN CALIFORNIA.
Tb e weather has continued clear and cool
since the first of Dm month, with frequent
fro«t» A light shov.-^r occurred in San Diego
County on the 1st. Very little rain has fallen
In other sections since September, and the
continued drought, combined with drying
v.tnds and frosty nights, has had disastrous
effect on crops. Farming operations are en
tirely ironpended except In those places where
irriipating mster can be obtained, and the
water supply 1* failing In many sections. Pa%
turare has failed in most places and cattle
are dying on the ranges. The orange crop Is
mAtcrtng slowly and U reported Inferior to last
season's :r. some districts.
EUREKA SUMMARY.
Farm work Is progressing satisfactorily. The
iprowth of grain in checked by cold
weather but no material injury by frost. A
lai-re acr^aee of oats town. Paeturag* is good.
LOS ANGELES SUMMARY.
C00L <iry and windy, fcome damage to
r,ranc*-s 'by wind; none by frost. Reports state
that ?his Is the <!rye«t Reason since 1M3-4,
wh'n no rain fell during the entire winter.
Weather Report.
<120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 12—5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those cf same date last
season, and rainfall in last twenty-four hours:
' " Last This Last
Station*— 24 hours, season, seascn.
Kurtka O.OO 19.73 22.15
T.<:<1 JilMtl O.0O 12.81 13.51
Kacramento 0.00 4.81 0.71
Kan Francisco 0.C0 8.22 6.15
Fmjuio 0.00 0.02 3.21
ludepeaderj-e °-°° ° 42 °- S3
Han Lui* Oblspo 0.00 . 0.82 5.00
Los An K elri!..r: 0.00 0.43 4.87
*an Diego 0.00 0.40 «.O9
THE COAST RECORD.
"¦ : s 2 E 5 2 7
t *5 B S.2 ¦ % <
STATIONS." S Z3 p I § f* I
; •.: 3 3 : I j ,
Qaker 50.48 36 32 SW Clear .OS
< ar-on 30.4* 52 22 N Pt.ady..00
Kurcka :i».it M5 4« N Clear .00
l«r»Ucn :M>.20 S4 00 NW Clear .00
:>e»t,o :i0.:'M 4S 34 8 . Clear . . -00
narnaff JO.W-OO-14 S Clear _ .00
Point R»ye«...:M).3O 58 « N Ctear,, .00
I'ocatcrio :!0.3<» 42 2« HE Cloudy Tr.
Independence .:«».;« «* 28 8 Pt.Cldy.. CO
l>.s An.R<*<s.:.:a.2O S2 W . Oear -.oa
Mt Tamalpaln.Srt.W 52 3S N Pt.Cldy .(>0 I
r.'ortli Ileail...:(O.*je 00 44 I=E Cloudy • .Vi |
I'hoenix . . .-W.24 7« 3« Nff Pt.Cldy .«i j
Portisnd :to.::2 S8 4S KE Cloudy, .10 1
fled liJuff... ..-W.34 «4 4O ti Clear .001
f:r«cburg ¦:•).::>; <w 50 NW Clear .00 1
Sacramento ..30.34 6« 35 S Pt.Cldy .00]
Salt Lcke 30. 5S 38 22 SW Cloudy .00
San Francisco. 30.38 5S 46 NW Pt.Cldy .00
San L. Obif<po.::0.22 72 50 N Clear .00
San Diego 30.14 74 50 NW Clear .00
Seattle .10. 12 54 38 SE Cloudy .70
gpokan* .30. 20 49 32 SW Pt.Cldy .32
Tatoofeh 36 .96
Walla Walla.. 3». 30 60 40 SW . Clear .20
Winnemucca .30.60 4S 30 N Clear .00
Yuma 30.12 72 40 N Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure ha* risen slowly over the west
ern half of the country. No rain has fallen In
California. South of Point Conception unusual
ly warm weather prevails, afternoon tempera
tures as high as W> degrees are reported at
some points. Except in the San Joaquln Valley
the temperature is much above the normal
throughout California.
The lolSowlns;* maximum wind velocities are
reported: North Head, 42 miles per hour, from
the south; Spokane, 2«, southwest.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours eudlr.g midnight, January 13:
Northern California — Fair Wednesday, with
increasing cloudiness; light north winds, chang
ing to southeasterly.
Southern California — Fair "Wednesday, with
iqcreaclng cloudiness; continued warm weather;
light northeast winds, changing to westerly.
Nevada — Fair Wednesday; continued warm.
San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy Wednes
day; light northeast winds, chanding to South
east. A. G. McADIE, District Forecaster.
EASTERN MARKETS, i
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Reflnln* Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. in 10O-lb ba««:
Cubes. A Crushed an<i Fine Crushed. 5.P.V;
Powdered. 5.50c; Candy Granulated. 5.50c: Dry
Granulated, fine. 5.4iic: Dry Granulated, coarse,
5.40c; Fruit Granulated, 5.40c; Beet Granu
lated (lOCMb t>as« only). 5.2<V; Confectioners'
A. R.4Oc: Macnolla A, Re; Extra C. 4.00e:
Golden C. 4.8Co; "D." 4.70c: barrels, ltm more;
half barrels. 25c more; boxes. 50c more: 50.1b
bags. 10c mere fcr all kinds. Tablets — Half
barrels, 5.90c; boxes. 8.15c; H. 8c E. Crystal
Dominos. 8.40c ner lb. No orders taken for
le«s than seventy-five barrels or its equivalent.
"LUMBER — Pine ordinary sizes. J1S319; ex»
tra sizes hi-rh'-r; Redwood. $10@23: Lath, 4
feet. $3 9OS4: Pickets. $10320: Shinwles. $2 for
No. 1 and SI SO for No. 2: Shakes. $13 for split
and $14 for sawn; Rustic, fzytp'Jl.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. «%"£
"c per lb; White Lead, «%iB7c. according to
quantity.
QUICKSILVER— $43 50044 50 for local tu«
and $42 "•*)¦', n:i 50 per flask for export.
SALT — Genuine Liverpool. $13 ."t.'rtlH; Bales,
common, $1 5O; Dairy, per ton. Sll 25; Halt
Ground. $6 50£7 50: Rock Salt. $8 2597: Imi
tation Liverpool. $10 7S&11 SO: Granulated,
9Ui / i'i~r,fj 11 .-••: do. In bales. $1 C5.
COAL OIL — Water White Coal .Oil
in bulk. 15c; Pearl Oil in cases. 21 %c; Astral.
21%c: Star. 21>4p: Extra Ster. 25%c; Elaine.
27%c; Eocene. 24%c; dt»lcrlz«d Stove Gasoline,
In bulk, 17c: ;n cas»s. 2.*t%c: Benzine. In bulk.
13c; In cases. 19 %c; 86-degree Gasoline, (n
bulk. 2j<?: In cases. 31c.
TURPENTINE— R3c per sallon in cases and
77c in drums and Iron barrels.
OILS— Quotations are for barrels; for cases,
add 5c. Linseed. 43c per gallon for boiled and.
43c for raw; Ca-tor Oil. In cases. No. 1, 7Oc-
Bakers" AA. $1 lOfifl 12*Lucol. 44c for boiled
and 42c for raw; China Nut. U'xirToc per gallon;
Cocoanut Oil. in barrels. C8c for Ceylon and 55o
for Australian; extra bleached winter 8pern»
Oil. 80c; natural winter Sperm Oil. 75c; extra
bleached winder Whale Oil. tto; natural What*
Oil, 6Oc: extra winter strained Lard Oil. toe;
No. 1 Lard Oil. 73c: pure Neatsfoot On. 7.V:
No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil. fcSc; light Herring Oil. 45c;
dark HerrJng Oil. 4:ic: Salmon Oil. 3Sc: boll«K»
Fish Oil. 4<>c; raw Fl«h OH. 3Sc: boiled Paint
OH. 3.V; raw Paint OU, KJc.
washed; 124^1 4 i;c for prime to strictly prlm«
washeo: ll#ll%e for strictly good washed;
10Vi'«10%c for good washed; »%6»%c for fair
washed; 8®SV*c for medium: 5%S7%c for In
ferior to ordinary: l'>«1U«e for fair to prim*
washed peaberry; 0'o;ii,c for good to prime
unwazhed peaberry; S%«1»c nominal for gOixl
to superior unwashed: «<3SV*c for ann-damac'd.
LEATHER — Sole, heavy. 20^32c; extra
heavy, 3D#40c per Ib; medium. ZiqrZJc: light.
24t?2f.c; Rough Leather. 2«®2Sc; Haro»«w
Leather. h«-avy. 35<33Oc for No. 1 and 20ff.TV»
for No. 2; medium. 30<g;:7c; light. 233 15c;
Skirting. No. 1. 4C#42c; No. 2 S6@38c; Col
lar Leather. 15iglBc per foot: Trace- Leather 4O
@44c; Kip. unfinished. 4WJ50c per lb- Veal.
finished. 50@«0c per lb: Calf finished. H.Vim
per lb; Wax sides. 16#17c per foot: Belt Krilfa
Splits. 144rl«c: Hough Split*. SfcilOc per lb.
TANBARK— Ground. $2C<&29 per ton; sttca,
$15ftlS per cord.
Wall-street Stocks zveak and nervous. Cotton higher.
Local and Mining Stocks more active than of late.
Sterling Exchange advanced. New York telegrams also higher.
Weather Bureau reports very dry weather dozen south. . .
Somi fluctuations in cash Wheat. Freights still low.
Barley, Oats and Corn firm. Rye quiet. .
Flour and Millstuffs in moderate demand and unchanged.
Corn products lozecr. Hay. Bran and Middlings firm.
Beans above the Michigan prices and zeeak and quiet.
Butter in light supply and steady. Cheese plentiful and zveak. .
Eggs continue to decline, zrith increasing receipts.
Prunes steadily held, with plenty on hand.
Raisins, Nuts and Honey confine quiet:
Local prices for Hams, Bacon and barreled Pork reduced.
Hops still higher and very firm at the advance.
Stocks of Wool being steadily reduced. Hides steady.
Lambs very scarce,. owing to dry weather.
Beef, Mutton and Pork as previously quoted.
Potatoes active and steady and Onions firm.
Poultry selling off zi'cll, but Game lower.
Oranges in liberal supply and weak. *
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Am Linseed Oil • 9%
Am Lin Oil pfd .... 28
Am Locomotive.... 300 17V4. 17% 17V4
Am Locomotv pfd.. 100 76% 76% 76%
Am Smelt & Ref... -200 47% 47% ,47%
Am S & R pfd 700 -90% 90 ' 80
Am Sugar Hel 4,700 125V4 124»4 123
Anaconda Min Co 7t»
Brooklyn Rao Trn. 14,300 60 4S% 49%
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 3C0 29% 28V* 30
Columb & H Coal. 100 15 15 14%
Consolidated Gas... 100 190% 190% 190
General Electric... 200 173% 173% 173
Internatnl Paper • 10%
Interr.l Pap»r pfd -t>5:
Internatnl Pump -.... .... 31
Intern! PumD pfd.: 100 72 - 72 .70
National Biscuit... 400 38 37% 37
National Lead .... 15
North American... 100 85 S5 ¦ X5
Pacific Mail 100 27% 27% 20%
People's Urs 800 90% M% *>«%
Prei<s<>d Ktc-tl Car.. ' 27%
Prrd Steel Car pfd? .... 67%
Pullman Pal Car.-. 215
! Republic Steel 100 0% 6-S 6%
I Republic Steel pfd. 300 41% 41 41%
Rubber Goods 800 18% 18% 18%
Rubber Goods pfd .... 73%
T<nn Coal & Iron.. 500 3rtVi 36 35%
U S Leather 100 7Vi 714 7%
U S Leather pfd... 1C0 77 77 7»5%
U S Rubber. ..• 400 ' 11% 10% * -11%
IT S Rubber pfd .400 42% 41% 41Vt
U S Steel 6.9UO 10% 10Vi 10U
U B Steel pfd.... '•¦ 10,100 56% 5CVt r 50%
Western • Union .... , 40a . 88% 87% , .87%
Northrn Securities. 89 V*
Total- sak-s 342,100 shares. «' ...
TTNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK Jan. 12..— Bond transactions of
United Railroads of San Francisco were $10,000
at $7« 75 and $7000 at S'T.
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY. -
American Con. common, bid 3%, asked- 3%;
preferred, bid 32. asked 32%. . ...'-.,
. -.. NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s. reg..l05%;L & N unified 4s. 99
'Do coupon 105% Man con' gold 4s. 102%
Do Se. reg 106 Mex- Cent 4s....«9%
Do coupon .. ..106% Do 1st inc ltt
Do new 4s. reg. 133 Minn & St L 4s./ 97
Do coupon 133J4 M K & T ; 4s 9«%
Do old 4s reg. 107% Do 2ds 79
Do coupon 107% NR of Mex con4s 75%
Do 5s, reg ...101H N VC gen 3*&a.. 97%
Do coupon 101 % N J C gen 5s...l28T4
Atoh gen 4s 99 Nor Pacific 4s.. 102%
Do aBj 4s. 87»i Do 3s ....70%
Atlantic C Lne 4s 93 Nor & W con 4s. 0(5%
Bal & Ohio 4s... 100% (¦ S L 4s & panic 92V4
Do 3U« B3U Pa conv -»%s. ..'.' 95%
Central of Ga 5s.lO4Vi Reading gen 4s.. 95%
Do 1st lnc C9 3 L & I M con 5s.lllTi
Ches & Ohio 4M,s.in2% St L & S F fg 4S. S4
.'•hi & Alton 3%s. 75% St Louis S W lsts S2V4.
C. B A Q new4s. 91%' Seaboard A L 4s. 66
CM & StP gn4s.l08%!so Pac 4s 8^
C & N\V con 7s.l31 Vii So Railway 5s..lll%
C. R 1 & Pac 4s. GV/k Tex & Pac lsts.. 115%
Do col 5s .... lSY t T. St L & W 4s. 70
C.C.C & StLgn 4s 96 Union Pacific. 4s. 101U
Chi Term 4s 79% Do conv 4s.... QQVi
Cons Tobacco 4s. 5(5% U S Steel 2d 5s. 7OH4
Olo & So 4s . 8S Waba«h ]#ts ....ll.TU,
Den & Rfo G,4s. 97% Do deb B 64%
Erie prior lien 4s. 97 W& L Erie 4s.. 89%
Do gen 4s . 8 J% Wig Centos -.89 ¦¦
F W & D C lsts.102% Colo F conv 5s. 72%
Hocking Val 4%b.1O5
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 10 Little. Chief 07
Alice 15; Ontario 6 OO
jBreece lOophir 7 CO
Bruns Con .- OSlPotosi 30
Com Tunnel OS Savagtv 75
Con Cal & V... 2 80 Sierra Nev 1 20
Horn Silver. . ; . . . 1 08 Small Hopes .... 25
Iron Silver 1 25 Standard 1 Hi
rLeadvllle Con 02
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.'
Money— Westing Com ... 83
Call loans 4<*j<ftMi Mining —
Time loans ..5 ©6 Adventure - 2U
Bonds — Allouer 4%
Atchison 4s ..;.. 97^ Amal Copper .... 49^,
Mex Cent 4s..... 69% I Daly West 34
Railroads— Blngham 22%
Atchison 67«» Calumet &Heda.442
Do pfd ..:. S»% Centennial .>.... ..16
Boston & Albany.245 Copper Range ... Ao%
Boston & Maine.107 Dom Coal 68
Boston Elev ..,,140 Franklin <«—Vi *-.-«.' 8%
N V. N H & H..ly5U iBi e Royale .' T«
Fitchburg pfd 135 Mohawk 37%
Union Pacific .... 78 Old Dom ..» 7%
Mex Cent ....... 12%!OsceoIa CO
Miscellaneous — J Parrot ........'.- •'•;
Amer Sugar 124%'Qulricy .'.* «5
Do pfd 124 iSanta FeCopper.. 1%
Amer Tel & Tel. 125 i Tamarack 105
Dom Iron & S.., xy t i TrliVity 5 . :
Gen.Electj-lc .'.... .173. ..jUnUed Stales .... 1S T <
Mass Elect 21 1 1,'tah- 32%
Do pfd ....;... 75% Victoria-. -.. 3^
Lnlted Fruit .... 96 Winona ...r 7«
U S Steel 10% Wolverine 70
Do pfd SG% , . •
.. LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.-
Cons for moneyS7 15-1«|N T Central. . .124'
Do for acct.87 11-16 Nor & West 58Ti
Anaconda. 3T4I Do pfd' m»
Atchsion 48% Ont & West 22 W i
Do P f d 91% Pennsylvania .... 61% i
Bal & Ohio 81-%iRand Mines 9%
Can Pacific .... 120>4 1 Reading ' 2.{
Ches & Ohio 34 i Do 1st pfd.... 40
Chi Great W 10% Do 2 d pfd 30
Chi. Mil & St P.147',4 So Railway 20%
De Beers 2O Do pfd 81%
Den & Rio G 21 So Pacific 49%
Do pfd 71% Union Pacific 80%
Erie 20 4 Do nfd 92
Do 1st pfd <Z)\\\] S Steel 10%
Do 2d pfd..... 60 • Do pfd 58%
III Central 134% Wabash ,»o%
1^ 381^
Ear silver. 27 3-ltid oer ounce.'
Monty. 38314 . per cent.
The rate of. discount In the oaen market for
short bihs is 3%<fi:3iKe. per cent and for three
months' bills 3%@3% per cent.
Nnv York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. Jan. 12.— FLOUR— Receipts,
27,700 barrels; exports, 15,275 barrels; market
still firm.
9A^S fi^ T r? tecel -P t " t 2 l t0 °° bU8hels : exports.
20,000 hushels. .Spot,, firm; No. 2 red, nom
inal, elevator; No. 1 Northern . Duluth 99%c
f. 0. b. a/loat; No. 1 hard Manitoba, nominal.
f. o. b. afloat. Options received further im
petus from war news this morning and Vere
strong all day. Cables- were higher. The
market closed Tic higher. May closed at 90-Xc-
July closed at 8H%c. . • . ™ '
.~ H . OI * s ~~ Flrm: gta te, common to choice, old
10@l6c; Pacific Coast, 1903 crop, 26@33c; old
lO&l.'e. . '
HIDES— Firm '
WOOL— Firm.
SUGAR— Raw," nominal; fair refining 2%c
centrifugal, 96 test, 3%c; molasses susar 2^ie'
Raflned. quiet. ' ' "
COFFEE — Spot Rio. steady; No. 7. invoice
<%c; mild, steady; Cordova. 8V4613C Future*
closed steady at unchanged prices to a de
cline of 10 poinu. Sales. 85,000 bags Includ
ing March. 7.05g7.20c; May, 7.4G@7.56c* July
VfSViSZ'- Se P tember . 7.00®8c; December,'
8.10ifS.20c. ¦ ' •
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market Is
quiet, with the demand rather light. Com
mon. 4®5c; prime, 5V«c; choice. 6%«-8c; fancy.
C%© .c. . . ¦ •¦
* vw UN ? S ~ Al ? 011 "* onl y a moderatft
Jobbing demand. The market Is steady at
3%«6%c. according to crade • •
APRICOTS— Are quiet with choice at 9V4®
!»%c: extra choice. U%@10'ic: fancy, U<3\lc.
PEACHES— Rule steady. Choice, 7 M ©7%^
extra choice, 7%@SVic; fancy, 9%@10%c. '
¦New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. Jan. 12.-Spot tin declined 15s
in London to £132 17s €d,' and futures were
17s 6d lower at £132 17s «d. Locally^'n was
quiet, with spot at $29 12%©29 37%
Copper was unchanKed In London, jcldalng
f* f.^ 158 01 - whll€ futures theJe weri
liir B Ii"--^- Lo , calI y copper was firm.
\f\%;, * 1 " J " > ® 1:5 : electrolytic. $12 C2%®
12 87%, jnd castlns at $12 50@12 75
Lead advanced is 3d to £11 8s 9d In Lbn-
don. hut was unchanged here at $4 40@4 '60
¦ Spelter was unchanged at £21 17s Cd In Lon
don and spot locally is still quoted at $5@5 10
Iron closed at 49a lOd in Glasgow and at 4£h
M in MiddUsboro. Locally l«n**r«"changed!
No 1 foundry Northern. $15({rl<j : No .-2 foundn^
Northern, $M315; No. 1 foundry Southern and
No. 1 foundry Southern soft, $13 75® 14. 25. '..
New York Cotton Market. -¦
NEW YORK. Jan. 12.— The cotton/market
closed steady at a net advance of l(g:« points."
Chicago Grain Market. ] I
CHICAGO, Jan. 12.— A bullish sentiment
pen-aded the wheat pit. The market was
strong at the start. May -being up. %®u c to
viJSlc. at SI to 87%c. The principal Actors
influencing the situation at the openlne were
a decline In the Drice of British consols on a
renewal of war talk, firm foreign markets to
gether with lack of molstur* in the. Southwest
At the advance there was liberal proflt-takln*'"
which resulted in a setback of about half i
cent. The market steadied on heavy pur
chases by the big long interest. -Later in the
session a report was circulated: that Japan had
accepted Russia's counter-proposition, i This ru
mor started another velltnir movement on tho
part of the local traders. The desire to take
profits was intensified by a fairly large ln
creass In the world's visible stocks. Under this
selling pressure May declined to 86%c. A bet
ter export demand, with reports of rains, was
well . maintained and closing: prices showed
good gains. May pork opened- 17% to 22%c
higher at $12 00 to $12 05. sold between
$12 97% and $13 05, closing at $1.1 02%.' Lard
opened 7%c to 10c higher: at $0 87% to $6 90.
and after ranting between 10 £5 and $0 02%
.-¦-¦¦•.,- - - ¦*¦ - *¦-* j ¦ . . - .
closed at $fi 02^4. . Ribs were also up 7Hc to
ICe at the start at $H 57»fc to $0 UO.
After selling between ?« 55 and fO 62*4 May
cloned at #0 00 to ?t» 62\i. • ¦ -• ¦ -
A better export demand with report of rains
soon caused a reversal of v sentiment. Prices
responded readily to the chanre. May ad
vanced to STiiesT 1 -;. The close was strong at
that ngure.
A war scare Induced considerable covering
by shorts in corn early in the day. May closed
•6c up at 47%c.
i A report that the prominent Ions was add
ing: to - his line brought out a general demand
for oats. May closed at 3S)%c. . .
Provisions were strong on lighter receipts
Of hogs, but more especially on renewed talk
of war. Shorts and commission houses were
active buyers early in the session, with offer
ings coming mostly from packers. The
strength manifested at the opening was well
maintained and closing • urlces showed, good
gains.
- The leading, futures ranged aa follows:
* Article* — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2-A
May .. ' 87% 88^ . 86% 87V»
July :.. 82*4 82H SITi ! 82^
September . 79% 7fft» ' 7S% ¦ 79
Corn No. 2 — :•.-"- - ' - , . .- ;
January -.'43% .* 45% 43% C'^S
May 47*4 47% 47ft- 47%
July * 4tia4 ' --- 47 46% , 46T(»
Oats No. 2— . ' • > • .
Jonuary 30% 36% . \:36% •;. 36%
May •"»% 30% - 39% Vyl SS>%
July 36 30%',/ 35%- ; 36 t
Mess Pork, per bbl —
January 12 07% 12 75 12 67% 12 75
May ....12 00 13 05 12 87% 13 02%
Lard, per 1C0 Ibe— ,. ¦ * J - •
January « 65 . G 70 "-. 6 65 6 70;
May « 87% " « 02% 6 86 \ 6 02%
July --•:..,• .... 0 95
Short Kibs, per 100. lbs— .- : i,>y .- ,. :
January .."..... 6 27% 6 35 r, 6 27% 6 35
May 6 57% 6 62% .6. '55 6 «2%
July .6 65 6 70 6 «5 6 70
Cash quotations were ag follows*. Flour firm:
No. 3 spring wheat, 75<@83c; No.- 2 red; 82% @
87%c; No. 2 corn,,4414ci No.. 2 yellow, 46c; No.
2 oats, 36%@37%c; No. 3 white; 37%@39c; Nq.
2 rye, 63%c: good feeding barley,, 37<fi40c; fair
to choice malting, 4G<g58c; flaxse$d, 97c; No. 1
Northwestern, $1 03%: • prime. "'timothy -seed,
$3 25; mess pork, per bbl, $12 75^12 87%:' lard,
per 100 lbs, $6 CftgC 70; ehoi't'rlbs aides (loose),
$6 25®0 50; short, clear sides (boxed). $6 62%@
6 75; whisky,', basis of ..high, wines, fl 27; clo
ver, contract grade. <ljh35®ll 4O.: :
Articles — ' .:' = ,•¦; Receipts.' Shipments.
Flour, barrels .*...-. .:;.';^.">24,'6QA- ' '¦• ''24,600
"Wheat, bushels ..•......'.... 42,000 37,100
| Corn, bushels ". ;V, 582,200 . 186,800
Oats, bushels ............. .210,200 149,300
Rye. bushels.;.... ...8,600 4,400
Barley,, bushels 59 1 400 - 45,600
On the. Produce Exchange to-day the ' butter
market. Was easy ; .creamery, 16<?22%c: dairies,
14<S20c: eg*s, steady at mark.' cases Included,'
23@26c; cheeee. 'steady/ 10®10%e.
Foreign Futures. .-.;.?. r....
1 livIerpool. •
I Wheat — March. May.
Opening C 6 6 4%
Closing 6 5% 6 5
PARIS.
Wheat — Jan. May-Aug.
Opening 21 20 21 20
Closing 21 25 21 35
Flour —
Owning 2S 05 -28 65
Closing .' 29 20 28 75
Visible Grain Supply.
NEW YORK. Jan. ,12. -"-Special cable and
telegraphic communications received by Brad
fctreet's show the following changes in avail
able supplies, as compared with previous re
port :
Wheat — United States and Canada, east of
! Rockies, increased 1,634,000 bushels; afloat for
and in Europe, decreased 400,000 bushels.
1 Total Increase, 1.234,000 bushels.
Corn — United Btates and Canada, east of
Rockies, Increased 645,000 bushels.
Oats— United States • and Canada, east of
Rockies, increaeed 844,000 bushels.
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Jan. 12.— CATTLE — Receipt*,
6000. Slow. Good to prime steers, $5(85 60;
I poor to medium. $3 50@4 SO; stockers and feed
ers, $2 6ft@4; cows, $l-5O@4 25; heifers. $2®
4 25; canners, $1 50Q'2 30; bulls, $2®4; calves,
$3®6 50.
HOGS — Receipts to-day, 32,000; to-morrow.
50.000. Mixed and butchers*. ?4 55@4 00: good
to choice heavy, $4 iKiix-j; rough heavy, $4 60®
4 85; light, $1 403 1 75; bulk of sales, $4 03®
4 S5.
! SHEEP— Receipts, 15,000. Sheep, slow;
iamts, steady. Good to choice wethers. $4 25
@4 00; fair to choice mixed. $3ff4: Western
sheep, $304 40; native lambs, $4 50rtj'G 25;
Western lambs, $4 75@6 15.
Boston Wool. Market. . ¦ ¦'-.,-
BOSTON, Jan. 12. — A heavy business has
been done in the past week In the Boston wool
market. There Is a steady trade in territory
wools. ' Foreign wools are quiet but firm.
Quotations:
Territory: Idaho— Fine. 15@16c: heavy flii«v
13@14c; fine medium. 10®17c; medium, 18@l9c.
Wyoming — Fine. 1B@1Cc: heavy fine. 13@14c:
fine medium, 10igi7c; medium, 18%@19c. Utah
and Nevada — Fine, l.ValOc; heavy fine, 13@l4c;
fine medium, I6%@17c; medium; 10@20c. Mon
tana—Fine choice, 18f20c: medium choice, 19
@20c; averatte, ' 18@lQe; staple, 17018c; me
dium choice, 19®20c.
St. Louis Wool Market.
ST. LOUIS, Jan.' 12. — Wool, nominal. .Me
dium grades conTblng and clothing, l"@21c;
light line. 15(5 17 %c; heavy fine, 12@14%c; tub
washed, 20@31c.
Northern Business.
SEATTLE. Jan. 12.— Clearings, $804,792;
balances. $247,489. -
TACOMA. Jan. 12.— Clearings, $391,134;
balances. $60,302. • .
'PORTLAND, Jan.. 12.— Clearings, $725,871 ;
balances. $62,033.
" SPOKANE, Jan. 12. — Clearings, $340,370;
balances, $23,456. "V;
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
' PORTLAND, Jan. 12.— WHEAT— Walla
Walla, 73c; bluestem, 70#80c; valley, 78c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Jan. 12.— WHEAT— Bluestem
79c; club, 75c. . . •
LOCAL MARKETS.
THE SAX FRANCISCOy CALi; WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 13, 1904.
All fruits except Prunes "are well cleaned up
and any kind of a demand would soon exhaust
Continued on Page Twelro.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
13
ADCTION SALES
£* FRED H. CHASE & CO., fe
Successors to Kllllp A Co..
1733 Market Street. San rranciico.
Announce for THURSDAY EVENING, f
o'clock. Jan. 14. 1904.
THE FINAL SALE
OF HORSES FROM
PALO ALTO STUCK FARM.
Comprising eighteen yearlings, three two.
year-olds, two four- year-olds and two brooct
mares.
The colts and Allies are by MeKtnoey.
2:11H: Nutwood Wilkes. 2:184: Mendoetno.
2:1914: Monbelis. 2:20^: Iran Alto.-2:liH. and
Dexter Prince, out of brood mares by Elec-
tioneer. Palo Alto. Advertiser. Azmoor.- Nor-
val and other great sires;
These horses are all by great sirea and front
great mares and are as choice Individuals as
any ever bred on the farm.
At the same time and place several consign*
ments from various owners will be sold a» fol-
lows: The stallions Daedalian. 2:11. by
Diablo, dam Grace, by Buccaneer; By Mack,
by McKlnney, dam By By. by Nutwood. Also
colts and flllies by McKlnney. 2:11H: Rey Di-
! rect. 2:10: Mendocino. 2:19V«: Diablo. 2:09\*:
; Falrose. 2:io. entered in stakes and out of
producing dams.
I Horses at yard. 1732 Market St.. on Monday,
Jan. 11. Catalogues now ready.
FRED H. CHASE A CO..
* Livestock Auctioneers.
ft* AUCTION SALE £»
2 CARLOADS OF HORSES at Southern Pa-
cific Railroad Corral* foot of Second street. '<
TO-MORROW.
THURSDAY. January 14. at 11 a. m.
By order of Joa. Denlcke of Los Anceles X
will sell to the highest bidder 2 carloads of
young horses.
JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
Office. 327 Sixth st.
— .
*\_^ AUCTION 8ALE— ARCADE HORSB
1 >-»^ MARKET. 327 SIXTH ST.. WEDNES-
DAY. Jan. 13. at 11 a. m.. I will sell 40 bead
ct all purpose horses and mares. Every hor»«
must be aa represented or money refunded.
JOHN J. DQYLE. Auctioneer.THE SAN FRANCISCO .CALL,; WEDNESDAY, JANIJARY 13,, 1904.
14
COTTAGES WASTED.
WANTED — Cottage or flat of 3 to 6 rooms, fur-
nished; state price and location. Box 263,
Call offlce. '
imrcSSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
Accordion, sunburst & knife plaiting; double
stamps on dress linings. Stewart's button _
buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor: tel.Fofaom 2121
McDOWELL Dressmaking _ Millinery School —
Patterns cu^ to measure; eve, class. 1019 Mkt.
___ EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
GET ycur help at PINE JAPAN_S__MP_OT-
MENT OFFICE and Houaecleanlni; Co.. 1333
Pine, nr. Jap. M. E. Church: phone Polk 36BU.
GEORGE AOKI. 421 Post st.: teU Bush 135—
Japanese-Chinese employment office; fur-
nlshea best help; contracts for farm help, etc.'
A — ORPHEUM Employment Offlce— -Japanese-
-Chinese help. 420 Powell. Tel. Main 5752.
A— GRAND Japanese-Chinese Erap. Offlce. 413
Stockton: tel. Grant 16S: expert, reliable help.
SWEDISH and German Female Employment
Offlce, 115 Franklin St.: phone Folsom 2S56.
RELIABLE JajJaneie-Chinese Employment Of--
flee; all klnd3 help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1007. BRADLEY &. CO.. 640 City.
EMPLOYMENT ft'AXTED— FEMAliE.'
A COMPETENT nurse; 5 years last p!a«e; '
city or country. MRS. NORTON. 313 gutter.
A SWEDISH lady would like a position as a
kooc cook p.nd for housework In a small
family; no washing or window cleaning;
wages $.'i0: 10 years' references. Call at
2C3A Octavia sr.*, corner Oak.
EASTERN woman?- elderly, capable, neat
housekeeper, kind to children. - gdbd plain
cook and laundress, with best of references,
wishes position ; wages $10 to $12. Box 343,
Call office.
GERMAN lady wishes position as housekeeper,
in small refined family, elderly cour.le or
lady. Box 345, Call.
A. TOUNG RlrJ wishes position as second girl
or waitress in small family; not much ex-
perience. 9S4 Union it.
SITUATION by competent woman as working
housekeeper or cook; city; sleep home If de-
sired. Box .144. Call office.
A YOUNG German girl desires situation to care
for children. 731 Turk st.
EXCEl LENT laundress wishes work by day;
willing to do house cleaning. 49 Ivy ave.
DRESSMAKER wishes a few more engage-
ment* by the day; evening, ball, tailor-made,
wedding and embroidered gowns a specialty;
references given; prefer to take work home;
$4 50 per day. 713 Post tt. Phone Larkln
2637.
YOUNG lady, thoroughly competent and experl-
. enced stenographer and typewriter, accus-
tomed to law, insurance and bank work, de-
sires position in or out of'clty; highest refer-
ences. Hox 314, Call offlce.
DRESSMAKER, coat and suit maker,- cutler
and fitter; only flrst-class work done: in pri-
vate families; few more engagements per
day or week; garments made at home. E. C.
BARSS. 64 Webster st. • •'
YOUNG French girl r.-ants position in private
family; will teach children French, wait on
table or bo chamber maid; can do embroidery
work. 1604 Point Lobos ave.
WANTED — In small family, by a person who
is good plain cook; understands making good
bread and pastry; wages reasonable. Call at
816 California st., flat A.
COMPETENT Swiss girl. Just arrived, wishes
a position for general housework. Call or ad-
dress on Monday or Tuesday C. L., 3925 Sev-
enteenth st., near Castro.
A HOUSEKEEPER wants situation to »lderly
couple or Invalid; willing to go south; respect-
able and highest references. Address box
30BB. Call office.
YOUNG lady wishes a position as cook and
general housework; $30 per month. Call at
243 Rltch tt.
YOUNG woman wishes work by day, washing,
ironing or housecjeanlng; $1 50. 1 Mission
court.
LADY and son wish position manage rooming-
house; experienced. Phone Page 2241.
AMERICAN -woman wishes housekeeper's posi-
tion or cook on ranch; neat .and reliable.
., . MRS. FAIRBANKS, Cotatl. Sonoma County.
WOMAN wants to do general housework. 410
Harrison st. •
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch Office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The-
Call at Eaton's Bazaar, 633 McAllister st.
— ¦
EMI _OY3IE.\T WANTED — MALE.
MAN and wlfu wish situations as butler and
cook in private family; good references. See
J. V. CROSKTT & CO.. iX"A Sutter st.
STRICTLY temperate reliable young married
man want' employment as collector with a
good reliable house; will give bond if re-
quired. Box 266, Call.
MAN and' wife with one child would like posi-
tion In country. Inquire MR. BALDINI,
SfflB Gold st., Oakland. :y
WANTED— Position as hotel clerk or bar-
ttnder. by llrst-clam man, with beat of ref-
erences; city or country. Box C55, Call.
STABLEMAN, experienced, temperate,. and re-
liable, wants situation In non-union stable;,
references. Box 356. Call.
YOUNG, man wishes a position of any, kind;,
experienced In hotel work; references. Box
347, Call. .- ¦ .. ¦ ¦ . '
STRONG and willing young man. 21, wishes a
position as plumber's helper. Box 346. Call.
FIRST-CLASS barber wants situation in the
country. . Box • 341, Call offlce.
FLORIST ¦ and ; gardener <¦ wishes situation in
store," nursery or private place; city or coun-
try. Box 33S._Call.
A FIRST-CIMSS baker wants a situation In
the country; please state wages. Box 335,
Call offlce.
YOUNG man (German) wants position In coun-
try; can keep books or ciin make himself use-
ful behind the bar. licx 279. Call.
WANTED— A steady place on ranch by strong
-boy, 16: can milk; willing to - work; state
v wages. Address S. A. COREY. 33 Shipley st.
PAINTER. ' pape-hanger : and ' ttnter wants
work;" very cheap. WILLIAM HAPP.- „ i
Fulton st.:; tel. -Page 1421.. ,. ;
A. FIRST-CLASS chef wants position: the very
best references at hand. Box 332, Call efflce.
BUTLER wishes situation in good steady place-
ts steady; and reliable. », Box 498, Call offlce. '
*M ' '¦' » W I' a i*"} IW li li*1 'Pii*it 'tWfli h'T»i«s"*lniiiii »*'¦ <¦_¦! - ¦ ¦ i — - — "— ¦
SPIRITUALISM.
REMOVED TO 310 ELLIS ST.
CASHMIRE, the Wizard of the Orient.
Spiritual Adviser Adept.
A— $1 THIS WEEK $1.
AVcnderful, bewildering;, is the work of
Cashmlre, peer of all claln'oyants; her read-
Ings are a revelation: advice on love, rnar-
miage. courtship, buslntas, mines; reunites
the separated; elves secret power to control
any one In 21 days; removes evil influences;
develops mediums; locates hidden treasure;
gives names, dates, facts; readings by mall.
MRS. DR. MARTIN*, wonderful spiritual heal-
er and business medium; mining a specialty:
advice I guarantee on all business proposl- |
tlons to be successful. My wonderful mag- ]
net will bring reconciliation and lasting peace
with the one you love; readings by mall most
¦ satisfactory. $2; readings dally, $1; develop-
ing class Thursday. 8 p. m. 502 Eddy st.
PROF. Fred P. Evans, noted psychic for slate-
writing and clairvoyance; stamp for circular.
. 1112 Eddy at., nr. Octavla: phone Scott 837.
MRS. DR. LORD, convincing circle to-nlsht;
• readings daily. 504 Ellis st.
MRS. CRINDLE — Materializing seance. 5Oc;
Wednesday evening, 8 o'clock. 028 Ellis st.
MRS. LESTER, test and business medium;
circle to-night. 10c; readings daily. 142 6th.
KATIE HKUSSM ANN'S circle Friday eve..
25c: elt. dally. lOOO Harrison; tel. Mint 097.
HOWARD EARI.E. 1OS2 KU!«. readings daily.
9:30 tn 4; unncn Sunday and Thur»i1»f.
~~ CLAIRVOYANTS. ~~~
A— Call at Once and Save $2.
My Regular $3 Heading This Week for
$1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1
Professor paul destine.
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever In San Francisco.
I do bcrrby solemnly agree and ruarantee to
make no charge If, I'fail to tell your name, oc-
cupation and what you called for; I promise to
tell you whether husband, wife of sweetheart Is
true or false; tell you who and when you will
marry, in fact, I will tell you every hope, fear
or ambition better than you can tell yourself:
he restores lost aflections. reunites the separat-
ed, causes speedy and happy marriage; makes
you successful and Droscerous: cures disease
and lost vitality; 10 a.m. to 8 p.m.; Sun. ,2 to 6.
326 O'Farrell St. — 320.
MME. M. BERNARD, . ; THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Thrrd St.. next Examiner
bldg.: she reads ycur life" correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur In the future; 1£ you are In trouble.
dlrcttl t*-n-.e«l or not. »-«iiisfled with life, or
have domestic, love or business troubles, con-
sult this great medium and^you will be told
how to overcome them; va'anbls advice In all
affairs of life; 25c up: satisfaction guaran-
teed; readings by mall. Tel. Black 45U9.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
St.. cor. Turk; private readings dally. 10 a.
m. to 5 p. m. ; readings by mall as satisfac-
tory as In person; 3 questions answered, $1;
full life, $5; send lock of hair, date of year
of birth; don't send currency; send postoffi.ee,
Wtlls-Fargo money order or registered letter. !
MME.. MARCELLA.just returned from ex-
tended tour, reads past, present and future
by ancient Egyptian egg method and Le Nor-
mand carde; fee. $1. 1613 Lyon St., bet.
Bush and Pine; phone Geary 2657. .
MRS. V1ENA, wonderful- trance medium and-
card reader : three questions answered free.
Room 1, 406 Geary at., n^ar Mason.
MRS. A. H. KRONENBERG, palmist, clair-
voyant, card reader: when others fall try me;
good reading 10c. 721 Franklin, nr. G. G. ave.
A — Mme. Ravenna reads life, business advice;
names given; 25c up. 5 4th St., near Market.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader In city.
, 2«!i Kearny, room 20; ladies, 25c; gents, 50c.
MISS WARD, removed to Olf Market, rs. 11-12;
gives names, dates, facts. Hours 11 to 9 p. m.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader, re-
moved from 132 6th to 2TU4 Cth: la. 25c;g. 50c.
MISS ZEMDAR, ycung gifted clair. and palm.;
names; L 50c. G $1. 714 Franklln.nr.G.G.ave.
MRS. WYGAN. clairvoyant card reader; names;
dates; 25c; satisfaction. 1008 Harrison st.
MME. MARSEAU. card reader: ladles, ,25c;
gents. 50c. 645 Minna st. f
MRS. SHAFER, clairvoyant, card reader: slt-
tlngs dally. 448'^ Jessie St.. bet. Bth and 6th.
A BRANCH offlce of The Call tor tb» recep-
ticn of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1008* Market St.. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m. ¦
AIR now universally used In cleaning carpets
en floor, without removal; price moderate.
S. F. Compressed Air Cleanlns Ca. Call
bnlldlns. Phone Main B237. '
WJJEN you become dl»?usted with your w.vlr
send for SPAULDING"S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 3B5-357 Tehama st. : t«l. South 40.
TRY Hopk« Bros. ; carpet beating; mattreeses
made over. 1432 Howard: tel. South 216.
WESTERN Carpet CleanTns; Works. 1809 Har-
rison «t; Al cleaning: 3c: tel. Mission 22».
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main .".04. OEO. WALCOJt _ CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works ;prlcea
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st.: tel. Mission 283.
CONKUN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works,
8S3 Golden Gate av». : telephone East 126.
__£ ' ' >
DR. ORUSS, 60J-5-V Cal_gh'_r~WdXr^— ket
•and McAllister ets., uses the Basford Obtun-
<ler; tae only device e*.-er Invented tor grind-
ing, drilling and excavating teeth without
pain. For demonstration call at rtHce.
DR. LUELUM HILL; 1442 Market.nr. Eleventh
— No chargp for extracting ' when ' plates arc
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting 80c : gas given.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone— cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crown. $^60; fillings. 60c;
plates. $S; full set: all work painless and war-
. ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth at
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny. cor. Bush—
Set teeth $1 50 up: crowns $2 up; fillings 25c.
GOLD fillings. 70c: sliver. 35c: crowns. $2: no
pain; open Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hewltt.2C4 Sutter.
A ARTHUR CHI SHOLM surgeon . dentist.
roffm 1 4 Phplm , buUdlnr i San Francisco. .
COLLECTION OFFICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or 'country. PACIFIC 'COLLECTION
CO. ¦ 4HT Montgomery, room* 9-10: tel. 6588.
- .-•¦¦ .' i 'i9 traE ?-?~?~ I3r ? Ii> - ',....!'-:': .,¦.;.'
WHO ' DOES ¦ IT? ... HUNTER," 1206 Market st.
6er.d for. circular. .; Why > will you suffer?. '
LODCIXG HOUSES FOR SALE Con.
A. CAMERON & CO.. Phone South 1050.
¦ 3 Eddy st.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for rooming-houses, hotels and
all kinds of business chances.
220 rooms; grand new modern apartment
house; elegantly furnished; swell location;
clearing $4u0 to $800 per month; golden op-
portunity.
15 rooms; Van Ness; oak and mahogany
furniture: a bargain If taken at once.
88 rooms; bonton location: elegant build-
ing; luxuriously iurnished; all modern con-
veniences; grand entrance and halls; strictly
up to date; called East by sickness. - t
x • 12 rooms; Post: oak 'furniture; Brussels
carpets; clears. $50; $300 cash, balance on In-
stallments; price 1800.
59 rooms; new and elegant building; fur-
nished beautifully and up to date; hot and
cold water every room; $1000 cash necessary.
30 rooms; rent $05; fine location; all on 2
Hoors; 3 years' lease; clears $100, full: $1*000.
125 rooms; fir$t-cla£s downtown house; 6-
year lease; cheap rent; private baths; doing
flne commercial business; reduced; see this.
" 47 room's: rent $125; good lease; flne loca-
tion; Ecme apartments always full; clears J20O.
116 rooms; new. elegantly appointed apart-
ment house; one of the sweilest in city; clear-
ing: $500 to $€00 month; splendid opportunity.
7-room new modern flat; $450 cash,- bal-
ance on installments; income $15; price $550.
24 rooms; rent $140; newly furnished; flne
neighborhood; close in; always full.
162 rooms: most elegantly appointed apart-
ment house In San Francisco; beautiful mod-
ern building: fine entrance; cheap rent; clear-
ing $400 per month; 5-year lease; part cash;
ba.ar.ee 8 per cent per year.
5 rooms: golden oak fur.: Moquet carpets,
oil paintings; must leave city; make offer.
50 rooms; rent only $200; 'downtown house;
always fu'l; clearing $200 to $3C0 per mo.;
newly renovated and In fine condition.-
20 rooms; rent $75; 2 years' lease; good
permanent and transient house; price $1200.
44 rooms; rent only $125; 5 years' lease:
running water; everything; in good condi-
tion: clears |125 to $150 per mo.; price J2S00.
19 rooms; corner: rent $05; oak furniture;
good carpets, hair mattresses; part cash, bal-
ance on time. ,
6 rooms: rent $45: oak fur.; Moquet car-
pets; furnished 4 months; clears $15; see this.
18 rooms: flne sunny corner; rent only $80;
well furnished; all outside rooms; flne yard;
clears $100.
58 rooms; rent $260; 2 years' lease; well
furnished throughout; close in; flrst-claes
boarmlng-house ; clearing: $250 per month.
6 rooms and bath; -rent $1S; water free;
new modern flat, furnished 1 year; price $300.
50 rooms; Bush; rent only $162; pood fur-
niture, carpets: clearing over $200 per month;
only 14 rooms to take care of, balance do
own work: a snap.
15 rooms; Van Ness; rent 5S5; oak, ma-
hogany furniture; always full; price $1200;
almcet new.
FO rooms; cheap rent; furnished last June;
cak furniture, Brussels carpets; clears over
$230 per month: half cash, balance 1 per
cent; owner sick in bed.
7 rooms; rent $2S: modern bouse; nevr fur-
niture; clears $60; only $100 cash, balance
time.
14 rooms; rent $40; new ar.d modern little
boirdlng-houee; flne furniture; hair mat-
tresses; clearing over $200 mo. price $1000.
24' rooms; rent only. $125; flrst-class con-
dition: oak. mahogany, birdseye maple furni-
ture: extra flne carpets; clears $70;, pries
$2000; half cash, balance 1U per cent.
* 21 rooms: Howard «t. : rent only $60; good
fur. and carpets: clearing $180 per month;
$400 each, balance time; price $900.
10 rooms; rent $50; close in: oak. birdseye
maple fur.; flne carpets: elegant little tran-
sient house; clears $125; part cash; price $000.
MARION GRIFFIN.
406 Examiner bldg;.. cor. Market and 3<i^sts.
Fine front offices, directly over entrance.
Take elevator to 4th floor. Phone Black
3607. Title abstract free with each and every
sale. We do business strictly according to
law.
MAGNIFICENTLY furnished 100-room apart-
ment house, in excellent downtown location:
long lease at $5 50 per room; clears $454
month.
DEATH causes sale of 30-room corner hotel;
$2500; half caeh; furniture cost $3500.
OWNER being In hsspital this 17-room house
must be sold or exchanged for flat; 2-year
lease; clears $95 per month. 'j,
REDUCED to $1100. was $1400: sunny side; 20
big rooms; rent $75; clears $81 month; lady
tick in bed; compelled to sacrifice.
NEW and modern; 74 rooms, beautifully fur-
nished In birdseye maple, mahogany and
i weathered oak; carpets are velvet. Axrainster
and body Brussels; clears $243; 5-year lease.
SPLENDID SO-room corner rooming-house on
Sutter st.; clears $14« per month; all fine
oak furniture and rich, heavy carpets; lease
If desired; eminently respectable; well estab-
lished: worth $3700; will sell for $3000.
MARION GRIFFIN Is sole agent for this new,
SWELL frt-room hou»e: 5-year lease; sunny
corner: books show $S95 monthly profit.
CUT thi» out; great bargain: 15-room transient
house, near Market: a rapid money maker;
you'd better come 'and investigate.
HIGH-CLASS aristocratic private hotel In One
location; 0 blocks north of Market; 05 rooms;
all occupied by selected boarders; clears $453.
AN honest 21-room house, near the Chronicle;
rent $100; clears $»0 month; easy terms.
ANY reasonable offer will be accepted: 23
rooms: south of Market; think of the rent
only $00; then think of the Income, $180.
ILL HEALTH T caused owner of a 16-room
house to leav* city; all housekeeping: rent
$50; clears $50; price reduced to $750; It's
a gift.
NEW In 1904; 9 rooms; near the Emporium:
rent $18; income $53; price $325; only $200
down.
1— ATTENTION! Rtad these 12 -lines:
2. — The owner of a large transient house
3. — In the center of San Francisco
4. — Has been suddenly called to
5. — The deathbed of his sister.
0. — In another State
7. — And has authorized MARION GRIFFIN
8.— To sell the house.
«. — The manager in charge of said house
10.— Keeps careful book accounts.
11 —Which show $500 monthly profit.
12- — A thorough investigation Is solicited.
BEST hotel 'proposition In thU city: 83 rooms:
eunny: large dinlnc-room; rent only $234
month; always full of steady boarders:
profit never less than $200 month; dissolution
of partnership only reason; price $7000; well
worth $10,000. MARION GRIFFIN room
406. Examiner bldg. , '
C. E. HINKLEY, PHONE MINT 790.
1020 Market st., Opp Fifth st.
Former patrons my best references.
Reliable dealing. Eaey terms. Clear title*.
Country correspondence promptly answered. |
12 rooms; California St.: rent $50; a snap.$750
31 rooms; Fourth and Market: a gift.. $1500
10 rooms; Geary st. ; clears $40: rent $28.S5Oit
24 rooms; Leavenworth St.: Bpeculatlon.$!900
10. rooms; Bush st. ; rent $-'»7 50; only... $450
S. 32 rooms; Market st. : 5 years' lease. . ..$27>oo
1« rooms; boarding; offer wanted $30o
17 rooms; rent $45; clears $00 $650
10O rooms; Brand sunny corner... ..$7000
40 rooms; Van Ness ave., worth $3000.. $1500
» rooms; cheerful and homelike... >... $175
18 rooms: 6 unfurnished; rent $45 $500
- 35 rooms; transient please ....". .'..$1500
20 rooms"; lease; electric lights. ......,] jjfto
8 rooms; Post st. ; rent $32; only ' '$256
SNAP— 9 rooms: nicely furnished: rent'sio-
a. gift, at $175. HINKLEY. 1020 MARKET.'
OPPORTUNITY — SG rooms; newly furnished
rooms; lease; will exchange for ranch or
business of any kind. .
HINKLEY. 1020 MARKBT.
LODGING-HOUSE, 38 rooms, in a good loca-
tion on Powell St., paying me a clear proll:
of $120 per month; bouse full;: reasonable*
rent: look at this; 1 will sell low, as I mutt
leave the city. Box 2728, Call offlce. . •
FOR SALE— A BOARDING-HO"sn: MEDIUM
SIZE; ELEGANTLY FURNISHED; LOCA-
TION BEST IN THE CITY: LEASE-
OWNER LEAVING TOWN. BOX 2858.
CALL OFFICE.
WANTED — Lodging house of about 25. or JO
rooms. Address, with particulars, box 2727
Call offlce. ,- : /
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent : to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1. '•••- •?
. . ¦ ¦ ¦
THE
JOHN _. SPR-CKX-S, Proprietor.
\V. J. MARTIN ...Business Manager
TELEPHONE.
Atk fcr THE CALL. The Operstor Will Con-
nect Tou With ice Department \o\i \Ws_
Publication Office Market and Third. S. F.
Editorial Kcoros 217 to 221 Stevenson tt.
Delivered by Carriers. 20 Cts. Per ~>f~ 75
Cts. Per Month. Single Copies 5 C **}*•
Terms by Mall, Including Postage H-ash wim
Order* : - c
DAILY CALL flm-lud. Sunday). 1 year... $5 ou
DAILY CALL <lr.clud. Sunday). 6 mos 4.W
DAILY CALL-liy Single Month „'?=
SUNDAY CALL.. 1 Year '¦ rr,
V.EEKLT CALL. 1 Year i_fV_£*i_M_
f Daily $8 SO Per Year Extra
FOREIGN ¦ J Etanday- 7*M Per Year Extra
POSTAGE. i weekly.. 1.00 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS,
fampla Copies will be forwarded wten re-
quested. .
Mail subscribers in jordering change or "a-
drefs ehculd be particular to give botn
AND OLD ADDRESS in order to l " BUr « a
prompt and correct compliance with tneir re-
quest.
OAKLAND OFFICE.
HIS Broadway Telephone Main 1083
BERKELEY OFFICE. _ __ „
2148 Center Street Telephone North ..
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
MORTON E. CRANE.... 140C G Street. N. W.
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
WBhJcrf-Astorla Hotel; A. Brentano. 31
Cnlon Square; Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-ave-
cue Hotel end Ho2_an House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House: P. O. News Co.; Great
Northern Hotel: Treraont House; Auditorium
Hctel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROGXEfcS...M*rtluetie Building
<Locg Distance Telephone, "Central _ei»- >
NEW TORK REPRESENT ATI VE:
ETf.PHEN li. SMITH 30 Tribune Bul«c»B
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Sqvare
CCFZKEBS OFFICE of ttie San Francisco
Call, corner Market and Third «tree_: open
until J2 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
f.27 Montgomery street, corner Clay; cpen un-
til C:30 d. m.
SCO Ha yen Etreet; cr.en until 9:30 p. m.
CS1 McAllister street: open until 3:30 P- ~-
*:15 Uarkin street: open until 9:30 p. m.
1041 MlEFion street; cp>n until 10 p. — .
SO Market street, corner Sixteenth: open un-
til 9 n. m.
ICC Eleventh street; cpen until 9 p. m.
3006 Valencia street: open until 9 p. m.
Northeast correr Church ar.d Duncan streets;
open until 9 p. m.
North— est corner of Twenty -second ana fc.en-
tucky streets: cpen until 9 p. m.
_<*> Fill— ore tt—^t : opyri until 9 P- tt..
SIEETING XOTICi'S.
A STATED session of Islam *^,^_y^/
Temple. A. A. €). N. _. — .
will be held in Golden Oare »^J 4
Hali THIS .WEDNESDAY) V£E%r
EVEKIKG. at 7:t!!» o'clock. /?®V
Installation of officer*. [if *1
J. SP. ANDERSON. \ll //
llei-order. ¦*¦
CROCKETT Lertge No. 133, F. and A. o
M— First ar<l second de— res THISVSP
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING at 7 /V\
o'clock. By order «>f the W. M.
R. H. McPHERRON. Secretary.
KXCnLSIOn Ix,d«e No. 106. I-\ and A. ffi
M.— Fir»i degree THIS aVCDSES-VY
DAT) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. f^f \
H. J. OWEN. Secretary.
MISSION Ixidce No. 1CT. F. and A e
M-4-1W meetinc THIS .V\EI)-VV
NE?1>AY> EVENING at 7 :S0 o'clock. /VA
Fir^t <5e^ree
R. E. ALLAN. Secretary.
MORSE Lodge No. „". I. °™, C> ; —SlSS—^t
K- Installation of ofneem Ti i U r- ; Z r *^~3i'S
EVENING cad other — JT* I— -; ~-'Xffirg$-
fortant business. Vlrito— cor " v . n
dially invited. Vf. H. FELDCA-P. V «¦ ¦
C. BR1NI>. Rf-c. Sec.
IVANH'JE Lodpe No. 5. K. <>r. p - *£,
will corf— thr : kn.glu rank done;
form) . WKDNEtDAV. January 13. /K5_»
m«. at Pythian Castle. WI9 1 ; Mar- - _£P^
k*t ft., at !?:*O r. ~- M»mbcrfc of ,
sitter !o3s'-s= cordiaily Invited.
R. \V. BANKS. C. C.
O.' yOBCROSS. K. of R. and S^
ST. ANDREWS Society will hold <n v £-
Burns . -el ebrat'.on in the Scottisr 3, &y/2
Han J15 Larkta st.. on MONDAY "Xs_fe_*
EVENING, -.".th January. >: =3_ i 'fc
P. LIVINGSTON DL'.VX, President.
J. RLACK. Secretary.
CAL. HARBOTt No. l.\ A. A. v_
of ?J. and P.. will hold a gfctow^
*?-•:.:: meeting al th?ii hall. 8|i5r? r ,tS_^
Ferry bulMinr. on WED- !_ftrfSS»~"^
XESDAT, January 15. 1IM>4, f^^
at K p. m. ISiisincFs: OverUme ruie-i and
final action on I3rr. Atnlirson's protest to thr>
Grand Karbvr. All meirlrrs are requested
to attend. JOHN aJi-FARLAND C
R. N. F1PPEY. Secretary.
fTOCKHOLnrriS' MEETING (Anrua:)— To
the Stockholders of the Oceanic Steamship
Corr.par.y— Please tali« novice that the an-
nual meeting of the stockholders of the
Oceania Ft»«mrhlp Company will be held at
the rricciriitl offlrre of the company li. e..
327 Market rt.. roora 4. second floor) In
the city and county of San Francisco. State
cf California, on THURSDAY tl.c 21n day
cf January. A: D. 1904. at 11 o'clock a. m..
for the purpose of electing directors and for
the transaction of eurb other business as
rr.«y properly come before the meeting. The
Mock transfer bocks of the company —III be
r!o.e<i tec «1O> dcys prior to taid cay of
meetirie. By ord*>r of the Roard of llir^ctors
H. W. THOMAS. Se-retary Oceanic Steam-
thin Company. 2'2~ Market st.. Sin Fran-
cisco. Ca!.
ANNUAL meetir.*— The regular «nru_ meet-
:r.c of t_ ftrn-khuiaers of the Pajaro VaMev
' Consolidated Railroad Company will be held
at the office of the comoany, '.YZ7 Marke*
•treet. San Kranciwo. en MONDAY, the ISth*
«»>¦ of January. l»O4. «t the hour of II
o'clock a. m.. for the purpose of electing a
board of directors to serve for the ensuing;
year and for the trantaction of such othM-
buciaem a» may cjme before the meetlnc.
The transfer books of the c"rr!:»ny u-!l cktie
en Friday. January 15. 1904. at :i p. m.
s W. H. HANNAM. Sgcretap-.
ANNUAL Meetine — The annual meeticx cf ihe
nockholdera cf the Sprlr,« Vall-y Water
Company tfIII be hi»:d at the offlcs of th«
company. No. 12« b'tockton «.. at 12 o'clock
nccn. en WEDNESDAY, the 13th day of
January, 1904. for the election* of directors
to «erve for the ensuing year, and for the
transaction cf euch other business as may
coma before the — leeiinr.
PELHAM W. AMES. Secretary.
Fan FVaaclsco. California.- December 30,
ZOOS.
THE annual meeting; of the Association of
ihe Hoftuitai for Children and Training
School for Nur« es will be held at the hos-' v
pltal. .TOO California strett on TKURS-
DAT. January H. 1904. at 1 :30 p. m.
a _ _ yrs \VAvrEDL ~~~
AT one* — For San Francisco. Oakland, Berke-
ley, Alameda and other towns AI agents Ap-
ply A. DOVE GARBL'TT, Western Indus-
trial Co., 4CS Ninth. »t.. Oakland, bet. 10
and 12 a. m. and 2 to 5 p. m. ' . -
AGENTS everywhere cm make $7 per day up
In. epar* time; mors by steady. work. RED-
DIN. 726 Starr Kine bMg. . .
WOMENind men aiollcitors wanted. Apply to
Halprunw Medical Mfg-. Co., 2S California
•t.. I to S. .
AGENTS of both eexes for big onejr. Call on
WM. SCHABERT. S7«3 Harrjgon t-t:
ATTCC\EYS.AT»LA\V. '
W." —TKlTTNER. :
ATTORNET AND CXJUNSELOR AT LAW.
Advice Irte. Phone South 743
Cnlte 322. Emm* Spreckels buildintr.
Divorces quietly and lerally obtained for
• Irbt causes: damages tecured for Injuries to
per»cri or estate; replevins for property un- v
lawfully. cvtair.ed: attachments and garnUh-
taents for dt- bts; bends furnished; bankruptcy
prx^eediniTs: willa probated; est&tea settled;
collections made In all r>ar_ of the U. 8.
A PRIVATE, quick flivorce for a small fee.
A "U.'?,^ 1 '* tnon *y: no pa7 in advance.
-?n,!J r ™U°.2 E ATT O R^EY-AT-LAW.
Ettabllahed a jrs. : ran. J 2 3 4A5 l«*fl
V^ 2 - M *Z ket '.V- »**-««• -*~n and Taylor!
A6\-ic* free, all matters. Detective, employe*
KI>:G ' Atf>rnoy-at-I_w. Emm. bldg..
wn floor, entrance room, till; n.-tablf«.he<] 20
year*: all cases; general CO urt and olflce prac-
tice: no fi>e in advance or for consultation'
*-<-ening8 bj- appolr.tment. Tel. Red 3001.
ADVICE free— I will advance cosTln merltoril
cue cases, divorces, probate and all clher law
«•*_: no lee» in edvanc*: open erery tven-
1CC. J. M. THUBSTON. 81fl Market »t . r Ji.
DIVORCE costs $12; fpen eveninri- tenants
ejected. $5. SIC Market. r.€2.ph u ne lJ!ack Wi
HELP WANTED — FEMALE — Con.
A COOK, country. $H>: - second cirls>. *_>: 3
cooks. *-'t5 and .<•'!••: ranch cjok. $•':(>: hous#-
Klrl. £U) : nurse girl. $15; housekeeper. *»;
MRS. NORTON. OS Slitter st.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS: NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY:
PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS _ CO.*
FACTORIES. 'JZy, FREMONT ST. AND 1».J
MISSION. NEAR FIFTEENTH.
LADIES wanted everywhere, copying letters at
home evenings cr spare time and return to
us: no mailing or canvassing: $9 weekly
earned: materials free. Inclose self -addressed
envelope for particulars. Guarantee Co.. No.
W 4. Ninth st.. Philadelphia. Pa.^
WANTED— Experienced alteration hands ca
skirts. Call at STRAUSS _ FROHMAN 9.
107 Post st^
A FIRST-CLASS laiindien* wantel. with city
references: wages $30; apply between 10 an>l
12. 621 Loavenworth nt. __^
WANTED — For the country. » competent wo-
man, good cool:, general housework: ko«-<1
wages; references required. Rox 1557, Call.
WANTED— Girl for housework; wages $10 t»
$12: between 1 and 4 o'clock. 133 Flllmore.
YOUNG girl to assist in light housework; ref-
• erences required. 2271 California at.
COOK wanted; Swedish or German; references:
call bet. 0 a. m. and 3 p. m. 2505 Devlsadero.
A BRIGHT refined young woman aa lady's
maid; call before noon. 2315 Bnoadway.
PROTESTANT girl general housework: small
family: no washing; $20 month. 2518 Pine st.
GIRL wanted for general housework and cook-
ing. Apply 2528 Pine St., In morning.
WANTED— In San Rafael, strong. Intelligent
girl about 28 years, general housework;
wages $30 month. Address, with references.
H. B.. 805 Fourth St.. San Rafael. Cal.
WANTED — A lady with musical talent and ed-
ucation: $SGO per year. Apply, with refer-
ences, the University Society, box 3060. Call.
TALENTED amateur performer*. Apply al
Chutes « p. m. Wednesday: salary no objaet.
GIRL for general housework; small family.
1933 Bush «t.
WANTED — First-class coat finisher. BS»
Kearny St., room 1.
FIRST-CLASS stenographer* furnished. Mta»
M. G. Barrett. Instructor. 303 Montgomery.
A BRANCH efflce of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions haa
been opened at 100S Markst St.. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 P. m.
HELP WASTED— MALE.
A^MURRAT 4 READT. 634-636 Clay «t.
Phone Main 5343.
Leading Employment and Labor Agent*.
1003 we save . 190* ~*'ll gfre.
45,000 men work. . 80,000 mea work.
Arizona, clsse to Prescott, $9.
H cooks. $30. 1 10. $50, $60 and found.
25 farm hands.
$»— DON'T FORGET— $3.
ARIZONA. TQ-DAY. PRXSCOTT.
steady jobs for two jears: bin wages.
IN MENDOCINO COUNTY.
13 German or Scandinavian woodchoppers;
big job; *1 to $1 5O cord.
3 pruners: boss here to-day; $30 and found.
Blacksmith for mine: $90.
Young man; carriage painting; $0 to $15 w_.
Chcreman. gardener; private family: $35 fd.
2 boys, team palntlnir; $1 to $•"» week.
Bakery waaron driver. $16 week.
Stableman, bakery, country. $65.
Carpenter, city Job $3 to $j 5O day.
Gardener. $25 and found; 2 bellboys: atick«T
man, planer and matcher, &J day: roustabout,
city, Drintln*, $5: cook, ranch.
COUNTRY.
Families with boys for box factories. 75c ta
$2 day.
MURRAY & READY. C34-636 Clay st.
CARPET salesman. *8O: clothinc salesroan.
$75: butler. $.V> and foubd: office boys. S'<
week; restaurant cook. $18 week; baker. $1S
week, and others. J. F. CROSETT _ CO..
628 Sacramento st.
A GROOM for crlvate stable. $~3. board and
room, must have references: a second butl»r
for Drivate family. $35. board and room,
must have references. MISS PLUNKETT,
425 Sutter St.. near FowUI.
A — HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Uontfomn}-, r. 1»-
Barman, $73 and found.
WANTED — One flrst-clas3 architectural drafts-
man. J5 04 per diem; one first-claw asststant
structural ste«-l work draftsman. $4 per diem;
one sublnsr>ector. $4 p^r diem. A competitive es-
. animation will be held for the above positions
* at the navy yard. Mare Island. Cal.. Janu-
ary _C. \'MH. For application and addUicnal
Information address "Commandant. Navy
Y»rd. Mare Island, Cal."
EXPERIENCED man to lay out ajid manac*
fruit cannery, to pack full line. Address.
with experience and salary expected, box
340, Call.
X^ - I. ' _
Men to learn the barber trade in two months
and secure good positions; catalogue and full
Information mailed fret. MOLER System
CcKese, _5 Clay st.
MAN. honest and Industrious: outside work
and collecting; experience not required: sal-
ary $50 month: chance to advance: $30O rash
deposit required. 20 Montgomery, St., room }«.
YOUNG men everywhere copy letter* horn*
evenings; $3 50 week. Send addressed en-
velope for particulars. Manager Dept. W 4.
Box 1411. Philadelphia. Pa.
TWO good men on salary. Room 63. Macdon-
ough building. Oakland; 0 to 10 a. m. H.
E. CRAIG.
EXPERIENCED proof reader; also copy
holder; references: steady position to right
party. Box 403, Call office.
TOUNG mar 20 years old to work la • liquor
sfore. 400 H-larht st.
BRIGHT young man of good address; htga
school graduate. Apply box 275. Call offlce.
MUSICIANS to join military band. 328 Buss
st.. third floor, room 4.
DISHWASHER. 434 Fifth st.
MAN to wash dishes and wait oa table. _.".*.
First st.
YOUNG boy to- drive wa.on. Apply 120
Ninth at.
MAN to tend horses and help in garden.
Apply 120 Ninth st.
THREE-CHAIR harber shop for salt; strictly
modern. 137 Third st.
FOR sale — A two-chair barber »hop: price $45.
418 Larkin st.
AN experienced salesman to sell a popular
line of goods in California,; only those having;
acnualntance with the clothing and furnish-
ing trade need apply. Address, statins ex-
perience, reference, etc., F. E. C. box 331
CalJ offlce. -r .-.
EXPERIENCED business men and women de-
siring mercantile position with good com-
pensation are requested to call on the Royal
Mercantile Co.. Suite 1». Columbian building.
WANTED— To employ an educated gentl«;ri*:i
¦ to travvl _ Southern California and wrtts
short articles for publl« atidn: $1000 per
year ard rallrcad fares; flrst-class) refer-
encts required. Hox 3061. Call.
BARBERS, tike notice! — The office of secre-
tary and Free Employment Bureau has re-
moved to 0 City Hall av». or 1501 Market st
at Journeymen Barbers' Union. Local Il4*
JOS. It. BLEILY.
"WANTED — A baker for the country: foreman
on bread: American; must be first class
nnd sober; home mart- goods: also second
hand. Address box 71C. Call offlce.
TRY our men's shoes, un'.cn made, at $T~ao4
$1 CO per pair, foot-form sho-s at $2 20 ur
"thepedic shoes, J3 50; best shoes on earth tl
Third st . _xam. bldg.. 5 doors from Markst.
100 YOUNG men of IS years, with Kood char-
acter. to organize military organization.
Call at 473 Valsncia St.. bet. « and 8 p. m.
BARBER iihop for sale; $40. Call early.. 113GU
Folsom st.
10o PARBER shop for sale: steady 2 chairs-
cheap. Inquire 638 Folsom st.
WANTED — Men and women to learn the bar-
ber traiie: waces sai.l while learning Cal'
cr a<IJre»c Western College of Barbers. (J47
Commercial St.. . San Francisco.
WHY pay big prices to h«.ve- your shoes ha'f-
toled when you can get it done fcr 23c loo
and eOc while you wait at 5« Mission »t
bet. 1st and 2d sts.. or 11 Third st. "
WANTED— A flrst-class carriage blacksmith
at srood wacrs. Appiy to A. MElSTFli _
SONS CO.. Sacramento. Cal. J1 - lalfc^ &
PENSION ATTT.. M.~H7R7flir4"o~EllU*l^~7i
years practice; iefereno«» from ihousandi of
persons for whom 1 have secured pensions.
SAILORS and ordinary srarneiWor deeo-wat,*-
fhips. Apply DENTS place. % StraiTr* st
MEN to learn barber trade. Fan Francisco
Barber Cpllegt. 741 A Howard st • ~ nC1SCO
PENSION atty.. E. A. Kullis room 40 Phelan
bldg. Past Com. Geo. H. Thom-s^olt; G?A.P,
MCDONALD & PERP.Y hav« a large stock Tt
• new and second-hand shoes; cheap. 239 3d at.
EMPLOYMENT WASTE P— WALE.
CHEMIST manu"fiicturTn"i» extract*.' syrups,
medicine*, sauces, inks and all grocers' and
confectioner*' nundrle*. desires position: have
had more than 1-1 years' experience. Address
pox 207. Call office. J-
I UNDERSTAND bookkeeping and typewriting;
alxo KTirrnl offlr* work; am competent and
rellabl*; I <1»«lr« a permanent offlce position.
Pox aifl. Call ofnc«.
POSITION want-d— A reliable married man;
tindorMandft car* of horn**, carriages and
inniT" and tan milk; wife good cook and
laundress ; references. B. P.. 77 Ninth st.
STRICTLY lemp'raU reliable man wants em-
ployment aa collector or light outside work;
Mlnry modvrat*; win Klve txrnd. if required.
Hex KM, Call offlce, Oakland-
RELIABLE roachman wishes a position; thor-
oughly understands care of horses, carriages
and harness; general man around place; good
reference. W. I'.. 77 Ninth st.
RESPKCTABLC ynung man. sober and reliable,
wishes position In flnt-class house to learn
bnrtendtng; city or country. Address E-, box
area. Call. •
TOUNO man desire* clerical position In San
Francisco wholesale house: has had experi-
ence In offlefs of wholtsal* grocery houses:
references. Box 2029. Call.
COACHMAN or useful man wants a Jab; best
references. T. B.. 441 Jessie »t.
i WANTED— Position as tinner and pipe fitter;
country town. Box 278, Call.
ENGINEER and electrician deslret position;
extensive experience. M. E., 001 Powell st.
CARPENTER wants work direct from owner:
$3 Jay or contract. Box 2T2. Call.
A JAPANESE hlzh school student wants a
position as school boy; plain cook or waiter;
$2 week. SAKA. 1224 Golden Gate ave.
JAPANESE neat youne schoolboy desires po-
sition in private family: can speak and
write good English. NISHIO. 1527 Pine »t.
JAPANESE «choolbcy wlshen a situation a*
waiter after school; speaks English. FRANK
S., 721 Halght St.; tel. Fell 7931.
EDUCATIONAL.
AYRES. the leading business college. 723 Mar-
ket St.: established IS years: life scholar-
ship. $5O: bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typ-
ing, arithmetic, spelling, etc.: positions se-
cured; the college refurnished with new
typewriters and furniture Jan. 1. Catalogue
free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST. S.
F. — Bookkeeping. ' shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy. English branches; day
and night sessions; illustrated catalogue free.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 305 Larkln st.
- "A thorough school"; positions secured for
graduates; modern methods; Individual In-
struction. Write for illustrated catalogue.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the university, law and medical colleges ;
ref.. Pretldent Jordan or any Stanford profes-
sor;" day and evening; sessions. Phelan bids:.
HINMAN'S Academy; a thorough school of
dancing; established 20 years. 1412 Polk tt.
between Pine and California; both adult and
children's classes are now open for the season.
ADVANCED French classes Monday. Wednes-
day. Friday. 11 o'elocli: elementary course
will begin January 15 at 10 o'clock; $2 month;
simplest method. 42S Sutter st.
A LARGER and better school than ever; enter
at once If you desire a good position; Gregg
shorthand, Ellis bookkeeping. S. F. Bus.
Cqllege. 1226 Market st.
HEALD'S School of Mines & Electricity. 24 Post
et.. S. F. ; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec. mln.. mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. ev. : est. 1S84. Van
der Nalllen. School. 113 Fulton, nr. CUy Hall.
ST. JOSEPH'9 ACADEMY. Peralta Park.
Berkeley boarding school for boys under 13.
BRO. GENEBERN. Director.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday. Sun-
day evgs.. Teutonia Hall. Howard «t.. near
9th. Prof. Foster; society dancinz taught.
SPANISH.French.etc.Prof.D*Flllppe'sAcadtmy
of language.320 Pest ;estab'd 1871 '.ablest profs.
SPANISH; qu!ck method; daily lessons; $1 a
week: 4 »o 0 p. m. Room 42. Parrott bldg.
BANJO, mando'iln. guitar thoroughly taugbt;lat-
est methods. J. II. MANSFIELD. 462 Geary st.
PIANO leiuoiu. 23c half hour. MRS. PECK,
experienced teacher. 1013 Mission, nr. Sixth.
SCHOOL OF 1LLUSTP.ATI0N .Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 421 Pine st Night ctasa.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar. writing,
etc.: day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission. nr.6th.
X—CXA— XASSAQZ. -"
A — WRINKLES removed; flne complexion guar-
anteed; new method; 50c. M. LL'TON. mani-
curing parlors. 701 Larkln st.: phone Polk 17.
FEATHER REXOVATl.VG.
BY new. healthful process. Cal. Steam Feather
Co.. 325 Van Ness ave.; tel. Howard 3167.
FINANCIAL.
COMPANIES incorporated, financed and stock
floated. W. H. BITTNER. Lawyer and Fi-
nancial Agent. 322 Emma Spreckels bldg.
V FI_VTS TO LET. ,
A — HOUSES and flats to let; an immenM Ust:
rervice absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Ca. 245 -250. Geary
: *t., on the square.
ALL of the most desirable flats and houses are*
He ted in our renting department; let us give
you a list and help you find one tn the loca-
tion you want. STERLING FURNITURE
COMPANY. 1039 Market St.: services abso-
lutely free.
MODERN sunny flat. 5 rooms, bath: rent $20.
2158 Fifteenth st., near Sanchex; N. Market.
MCALLISTER. 331 — Unfurnished parlor floor 4
rooms, b&th; adults; call before 5: $26.
NEW sunny lower flat, 7 rooms and batn.
2520 Sacramento st.: rent $36.
VAN NESS. 807— 7-room flat, nicely furnish-
ed, to rent; reasonable; no children.
$7 — LOWER Cat i and large yard. 72H»~i Har-
rison st.. between Third and Fourth.
FLATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
HANDSOMELY furnished upper flat; sun ever7
room G. G. Park Panhandle. Box 8065. Call.
FUKNITURK FOR*" SAL_. ~~
FURNITURE for sale at 1411 Van Ness ave-
nue; magnificently furnished house, com-
plete; carpets, pictures, draperies, furniture
and all other furnishings; gocd tenant can
have lease.
A — Brats beds, hair mattresses, weathered ma-
hogany, maple, furn.. handsome dining suit,
draperies, curtains; tel.Page 719. 1006 Ha'.ght.
FURNITURE of 4 rooms for sale cheap. After-
noons 235 Minna St. ¦
_______________ „
A— Hlgheet price paid for fur-.carpets.etd Mrs
T. B. Selby. Equitable Fur. Co.. 812 Larkln.
HIGHEST prices for furniture and c_se. L. H.
BURD. auctioneer. lSlSMkt.; tel. Howard 2738.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 MlMlon. phone Red 4462.
buys, rents, repairs, pack* furniture, carpets
HELP WANTED— FE.M ALE.
3 COOKS, no washing $35 and $10
4 cooks, little washing $:<>
Cook, small restaurant $'U".
' 2 parlor maids *:;o
4 nurse girls.... $15. $20. $20
2 maids and seamstresses $25-$:;c> ;
4 second girls $2u-$25
2 dishwashers $25
Waitress, report, cpen all year, fare paid.. $25 '
55 general housework girls, city and country.*
t_O-$25-$:tO. Apply to J. F. CROSETT _
CO., 334 Sutter st.
AT San Francisco • Employment Bureau. 27 ii
Fourth st — Housekeeper for one person, $,"M>;
cook for ranch." $25; waitress, country. $25;
light housework. Berkeley, $18; nurceglr!
city. $20; housekeeper for one. $20. Phone
Grant 20. ¦
A TOUNG girl for^ parlor work and wait on
ladies, $30. board and room; reference s
MISS PLUNKETT. 423 fc'utter St.. nr. PowelL
A YOUNG lady as attendant In a bath house
$23 a month. MISS PLUNKETTS, 425 Sut-
ter St., near Powell.
A— WANTED— Girls, to learn halrdresuln*
manicuring, etc.; trad* taught from A to Z
In 2 weeks: $5 to those entering now; 3 do-
sitlona to fill Immediately; positions ruarai-
U. ed "Jl 10^ " Mk vp: leadlnc school in
T* est. 233 Geary ¦_. room 13.
A— Girls to learn millinery now for spring sea
son; both seasons taught from start to finish
In 1 month for $10; positions aa trimmers
falesladies, etc.. guaranteed at $10 per wk u» :
day and evening class. l_ Stockton st.. r. U*
A— LADIES to learn all branches hatrdrSssing
•' trade; manicuring-, massage,' etc. 1236 Mar-
ket «t., cor. Jones, room 64; positions secured
at highest wases; day and eve. c!a»s; call.
Lt n~i y ti -i -t iv ™-t t' 7 a tv T rr~i f^i 99 /^\ TT* T~ 1 n \T
EL X 1 J__ J__ VV rilN X O vl X J — /IN
ATTORMIY-AT-LUV — Continned.
GEO. W. AVERILL: advice piven In all cases;
divorce, probate, bankruptcy and attachment
FUits a specialty; practice in both State and
Federal courts. Room 4C5. 4th floor, , Parrott
bldg.. S56 Market et.; phone Howard. 2551.
~~ ADVICE FREE.
Columbian Law and Collection Agency.
Room 85. 916 Market st.: teL John 6228.
DIVORCE — Coels, 412; quick, quiet; advice
free; oj>*-n evenings. 027 Market «t.. r. 301.
ADVICE free; r.o charge unless successful: all
law business. W. W. Davidson. 027 Market.
L. S CLARK. 927 *Market st.; consultation
f r^^i n r > f&f% in sdvancf • cp^n ©veninsrs.
ADVERTISEMENT WHITING.
HAVING^ recently acquired through exchange
of property three $40 scholarships in the beet
College of Advertising In the United States.
I will sell them at 25 per cent discoupt for
cash: the college teaches advertisement writ-
ing by correspondence ,;nd aeMsts its ffrad-
uatos to secure positions'-, catalogue* fur-
nished on application. Addrepp box :J02fi. Call.
. ASTROLOGY.
MRS. J. FRANCIS, astrolopist: lessons; read-
ings: hours 10 to 5. Suit* 10. Hotel Langham.
BIRDS. DOGS. ETC.
WARBLING canaries, talking parrots: all
kinds of song and fancy blrda; goldfish, seeds,
cage?, etc. Give us a trial; we will please
yt.u. 154fi Market st.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
R. a. WILKE. real estate and business agen-
cy: established 15 years; quick sales. Rooms
a and 10. 26V4 Kearny.
A— $1600— Rarest chance In the market; cof-
fee saloon and restaurant; choicest location;
daily receipts about ?60: net profits above
-$300" per month; a fine business: investigate
won; trial given. R. G. WILKE. 28*4
Kearny *t.
A— $1250— DELICATESSEN and dairy produce
ttore; close to Market and Stockton sts.;
large etc-.k; clears at least $250 per month:
full value in Eight: a splendid offer. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26 "i Kearny st.
A — $750 — SALOO.V on Commercial St.: rent
(SO. See R. G. WILKIE. 20 Vi Kearny st.
A — $500 — SALOON and boarding-house on
main st.: 12 furnished rooms; established
years. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearay st.
A— ROADHOL'SE with 15 newly furnished
rooms; bathroom, barn. 1 cart, 1 electric
piano; 10 years' lease; rent $43: price- $"000;
t.i:s-;r.!-s« lery good: that is all. For particu-
lars see R. G. WILKE. 2C'/i Kearny tt.
A— $1000— BUTCHER shop In Western Addi-
tion; rent $40; v.-eekly sale about 4 steers,
25 sheep; 1 horse-, 1 wason; daily receipts
•about $40. See R. G. WILKE. 23^ Kearny.
A— $1750 — CORNER grocery and bar : on
Guerrero st. ; lease: a good paying: business;
fresh stock: all cash trade. Particulars R.
G. WILKE. 20ii Kearny st.
A— $1400— CORNER grocery and bar on De-
vlsadero St.; owner has a fine paying busi-
ness, but family affairs compeis him to
l»ave for East. See R. G. WILKE. 2«>£
Kearr.y et.
A — SXSG— -CIGAR, candy and notion store on
McAllister St.: rent $23; a nice paying busi-
ness for man and wife. Call and I will show
ycu the place. R. G. WILKE, 26ft Kearny.
A— $600— DHY goods and notion store with 4
f.r? furnished rooms on Mission St.; splendid
chance for man and wife. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26^ Kearny.
FOR country hotels, saloons, cigar. notion
Btores, butcher shops or any kind of business,
gee R. G. WILKE. 26U Kearny st.
A— M50<>; THL" best oyster stand In Portland.
Or.: n man wuh fiiit-class references can
leave jf7<K> stand en the business. See R. G.
WILKE. 2<,'i Kearay st.
WANTED — First-class restaurant man with
¦gate money to take dinins-room kitchen in
su-«»i!»Ft ajartment house in city: no other
restaurant within five blocks. CAMERON &
CO.. V. IMdy ft.
FOR sale or trade— Quartz mine; fine prospect;
locattd in Ca!. : assays $40 to $70 ton; trade
f>*r r'm'g hcu.-^e or business. Cameron. 3 Eddy.
FOR sale — V.vil-located candy store: all equip-
ped for making own candies: established 8
yfars: clparine over $200 per month: will in-
vo'.ca about *120O. CAMERON. .1 Eddy st.
HIGHEST cafh price paid fcr stocks of mer-
chanrJlsp. See A. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy.
FCR trade — Income-bearin? city property for
stocks of merchandise; any amount. 0AM-
ERON & CO. ,
FOR sale — One 'of the best restaurants in city:
rent; receipts $73 to J»1CO per day; will
bear investigation: price S15<>0: also one In
Rood location for $350. CAMERON _ CO.,
3 Eddv *t.
-— _______________
On Investment? of $100 and upward; no "get-
rich-quiek" Fwindle. turf speculation or gam-
Wins Kchome. but a reputable, established
business enterprise in San Francisco; cleared
$07,000 last >«-ar on {100,000 capital: stock
inc:-<ared S20.OOW to enlarge the plant; /call
cr write for- particular*. '
GERM AM A INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st.
CALL and see the list of lodging-houses from
tt to 20u rooms; cheap rents: hotels, road-
hcuFPs. saloons', restaurants, groceries, livery
stables bought and sold an:! -exchanged;
money loan<M on chattels; mtlilnery store to
exchange. EITKi.. & CARROLL. 212 Kearny.
A— JCiO: CIGAR store ard notions: rent. $25-
_g-jod locality. Central Agency. 093 Market.
A-S20": i:ESTAL'RTNT7~renT$F5~: 2 living.
roonas; .S tables. Central Agency, 993 Market.
HAVE jum what you want in the line of bus!~
i;ess i.han<e-s; see me for bargains. ANDER-
SON. Auctioneer, room 26. 806 Market St.:
X'hong Malp 1852: correspondence solicited.
WA NTEIV— Either whole' or half Interest In a
corner grocery anj bar In a good business
lo.-ation. Send price and location to box
:;22. Ca'.l office.
I WOULD llVe to buy a cigar stand in a good
pmt of t>ie <1ty for bUFiness: (five price and
what part of city St is In. Address box 313
Call office.
IF you are locking .for 'a restaurant, see mine-
it is In r zjnod business location on Taylor
rt.: rent reasonable and a good trade. Box
304. Call office.
A DELICATESSEN store on Turk st.: good
locality and good growing business: will sell
if taken at once for $458. Address box 376
Ca;! offlce.
HOTEL clearing $.V>0 to $700 month: will sell-
biK bargain : for cash. See ALDEN, 1118
Broadway. Oakland t
I WOULD like to locate in the city In a goo.1
,Hat:onery cr book store and newsstand- will
_ Pay cash. Write particulars to box 359, Call.
*^°~. A RESTAURANT In good locality. o*n
fcinh ••.. ; large seating capacity: reasonabl-
re.it; iTare. Inquire box 281. Call office.
WANTED— A delicatesren store -In business lo-
catlori Address, with price and particulars,
box 371; Cell office.
MAN with $175 would like to get steady enipiov^
ment; good paying business. 257 Fourth.
FOR pale— Uakery and delicatessen store doing
firft-class bufcim-gs: Pox 358. Call offlce.
KRANCH BAKERY— Doing good business-
particulars at 900 Dolores tt.. cor. 22d.
I WILL £uy a ealoon if in a good location~fcT
business. Address, with price, box 334. Call.
D n L ! CA ,T E ?. S S N fi ore for sale; good businesT
Box Ml. Call offlce.
W * NT ,?P^- T 2 bu y * reetaurant. Address box
•Jo*. Call office.
!_^faii i^l|" Larkin gt - ; iow rent -
FOR sale— Wood ,and coal yard. Including
hor>cs and wagona. etc. 849 Florida st.
GOOD paying country bakery for sale or ex-
change for city bakery. Box 321. Call. '
VERY low figure; well stocked, good paying
cor, bazaar; must be sold. 1CO0 Devlsadero.
r<^ n v 8al '^? OmpIe , te dyeln* and cleaning
worku: good location. Box 2S00. Call office.
A— CALIFORNIA INVESTMENT CO
Phone Black 0901. 77714 Market st
BANK REFERENCES " "
Any House Sold on Eauv Term«
BUYERS' GUIDE; Bring This Ad With Tou
SOME OF OUR SPECIAL BARGAINS-
8 rooms: well furnished; lease; rent S8 itOA
R room*: well furnished; rent $17 .%os : uvi
«-room flat; fine; rent $2« 50.... 7 svw
Il-rooms; Fourth st.: rent $30.... j-.no
63 rooms; ricely furnished; grand" loca-
tion; lease: low rent; clears $300 ma ¦ ssooo
cash, balance eapy terms; old-establiaheH
house. CALIFORNIA INVESTMENT CO
777Vi Market et. ¦
BARGAIN— 30 rooms, well furnished :'close in-
rent $100: clears $125 per month;* $2100*
easy terms to responsible party; leaving city'
For particulars address »Owner box 3(r»*
Call office.
A— LODGING house. 4C rqpms, within 1 block
of Matket et. and near theaters; ' rent $115
per P'onth. with Iraee;- will sell for $3200-
all or part cash. Address box 290, Call office.
WANTED, for ca«h. a lodging house of not
more than..*>0 room*: state price wanted and
] Kive location. Box 364, Call olflce.
Our British-born friend is a strange sort of a chap.
With his odd-looking clothes and his fore and aft cap.
/lie is doing the world, and has just landed here.
And is filled with surprise at what seems to him queer.
To learn" all that's worth knowing of State or of city,
Tho policeman declares, as he eyes him with pity.
He the papers should take, and as leader of all
First place on the list must be given The Call. .
For its news and its ads are the fullest and best. '?
And in every trial made 'twill be found stand the test.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 13, 1904.
15
MISCELLAXEOUS FOR SALE--Cnn_
A FINE selection cf trunks, suit cases- and
tailor-maCe cuits *o!d on email weekly pay-
rr.entf. Misfit Clothing Parlors, 26 Stockton.
MOVING pictures, maeie lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard & Dreck. -131 Post st.
SAFES— New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
_ CO.. 122 Market st.
Ed!*on phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. Baclgalupi. C33 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches:
all s:z<=s. J. E. DOAK. 40 Fremont st.
ASK for prices en second-hand typewriters^ all
rrake*. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y,
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS. ' '
DOOKS and libraries bought. . H. C. HOLMES.
1143 Market rt.; phone Jessie 3741. or postal.
I PAY highest prices for all kinds of cast-off
clothing; send pogtaL MORRIS. 870 Folsom.
TILTON war.ts good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th St.: tel Jessie 2S31.
moxey to loaa.
aaa^-heKman*
601 -002-6U3 Examiner building.
Quick settlements: no disappointment.
Save exDenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property. In trust.
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terests in property purchased.
I Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
Wh*n You Need Money
gee HERMAN MURPHY.
MONEY leaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters. boardinK -houses, without
security: easy payments; largest business In
40 principal cities. Tolman. 553 Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY rfpoectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at 2
per cent Interest Baldwin Jewelry. Store.
846 Market: tel. Main 1644: Branch/19 Third.
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL LOANS on fur-
niture, pianrs. or to salaried people on their
note: proper treatment guaranteed. ILLINOIS
TRUST CO.. r. 16. Phelan bid..- tel. Main. 704.
A — 1 per cent on furniture or piano; no remov-
al, n-> commission, no publicity; $25 up; quick,
private, confidential. 26 Montgomery, rm. 7.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant ave.,
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10.000.
MONEY to loan en low Interest: gold, silver.
diamonds, pearls and Drecious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL-S. 10 Sixth St.
NEW easy method — To wage-earners on unln-
dorsrd note*: absolute privacy. Fidelity Loan
Company, rooms 4S-43. Chronicle bldg.
TO salaried people without security: on furni-
ture; Indorsed notes and other security. S. F.
Disccunt Agency. 143 Phelan building.
AT lowest rates en furniture and pianos; Ttrict
prlvacy;no ccmmts!-ion;lnstaHments accepted.
BONELLI. 301 Eddy, Conservatory building.
ANY eurn on furniture or pianos; no removal;
lcwcft rate: easy payments; no commission.
1170 Market Et.. room C8. . '
ALL leans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 rer cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 538 Keamy.
3% ON furniture & planes; $15 up; no removal;
no cam. V. TREMAIN. room 81, 6 Eddy st.
1 PER cent ca furniture cr prano.- 1003 Mu-
tual Savings Bank bldg.. 708 Market rt.
. STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes. R.311, Mutual Sav. Bk.bld.
CASH loaned calarled people on notes without
ir.clr.r&cr. MORELL. 6fW Examiner building.
MOXEY WANTED.
WOULD like $1000 quick on well secured note
by crowrty owners; good Interest: private
party preferred. Address box 708. Call..
MTS1CAL INSTRUMENTS.
OUR low price sale has been so successful
during the past week that we shall continue
it for one week lonser, as many who have
been looking have noij been able to close.
Remember that all our pianos are included
in the offer. Easy payments if desired. THE
ZENO MACVAJS MUSIC COMPANY. 7C3
Market st. . •
A FINE lot of bargains In second-hand pianos,
including, such makes as Stelnway, Halnes
Bros Knabe. Ba;rs. Foster, Weber. Star,
Marshall &. Wendell, Sterling and other
' make* BEN'J. CURTAZ & SON. 18 OTar-
retl st.: no branches in San Francisco. ' ¦ ' ;
ALL makes- a list of '20 -pianos. under $100;- 60
riar.es from $100 to $200 and 200 pianos from
$2C0 up. We rent pianos good enough for
practice from $1 up. HEINE PIANO CO..
235-237 Oary «., largest piano and plaao
player dealers cf the West. :
JUST arrived. 3 carloads new pianos, for rent
$3 cio. ; -11 good second-hand planos.to.be
sold at cost. Scott-Curtax. 560 Hayes et. .
A FEW .unredeemed storage, pianos (also fur-
niture) wiit be sold to pay storage dirt cheap.
WHITEHEAITS storage, lt>36 Market st.
A FISCHER upright piano for sale;' good as
new; $_>5. 237 Geary st.
$e&— UPRIGHT ptano: Steck mahogany; nearly
new. HOP.NTOG BROS.. 218 McAllister st.
ALMOST new upright; cheap; cash or insull-
m«m. ECHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st.
BEAUTIFUL 3-pedal Stelnway upright piano;
perfect crder: sacrifice. Keege's.2S3 O'Farrell.
EOHMER. Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecilian piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 30S-312 Post st.
SUPERIOR violins zithers old and new. hT
MULLER maker repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LEtT
ELEGANT office at Edinburgh, cor. Powell
and Geary, opp. St. Francis.
NICE Ore ¦ otfice to let: also fine front desk
rrerr.. Call at 419 California St.. room 21.
_ PERSOXALS.
GRADUATES of New York Schrol of Massage
Osteopathy, vapor and electric baths: face
\-lbr_ting machine for rheumatism; genuine
tubs, hot and cold water; trained nurses as
attendants. Prof, and Mcs. Morris, 406 Geary.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair Im-
proves its growth, stops falling, cures dandrutf
and Itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp; at druggists', hairdressers';
accept no substitute.. Star Remedy Co.. 1338
Polk et.
NOTICE— W. WITTLAND & CO.. wholesale
fruit d^aJFr*. of 207 Washington' Ft., have
fold out to' the Independent Fruit Com-
pany (Inc.). Jan. 12, 19<M.
A NEW idea to Jewelry and Central American
curies. Indian furtains, draperies, shawls
etc.; the only ctore In the city that carries
this. FROWIES. & SON 1233 Polk. nr. Sutter
NOT how cheap but how good i» the motto of
¦ the manufacturers of the Rapid Rotary
Ftanderd the eewlnp«mach!nc of to-day. J.
W. EVANS, agent. 1021 Market st.
PHYSICIAN. 15 years' experience, cures per-
manently morphine.- cocaine habit. Call cr
address Central Pharmacy. 251 Grant are.,
corner Sutter st. : fee moderate.
MRS. EATON, electric needle specialist, has
moved to 3C9 Eutter, Lincoln blk.. room 609.
MISS EATON to 233 Geary, room 38. '
SPECIAL OFFER for 1 mo.; ladies' suits made
to order: flirt-class work: $10; with material
furnished SCO up. At M. WILSON. 3S0 Geary.
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drugs dis-
eases positively cured by Willow Bark Co.,
I 1833 Po'.k tt. : consultation free; call or write.
LIQUOR habit cured In 2 days or no charges;
guaranteed.. Acme. Liquor Cure Co.. 997 Mar-
ket et.. room 203;. phone South. 75L. .
AT less than cost, uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS". London
Tailor. 721 Market st;
DANCING Tueeday. Thursday. Saturday. Sun-
day evgs.. Teutonia Hall. Howard St.. near
8th: Prof. Foster; society dancing taught.
SUPERFLUOUS hair, moles perm, removed
by eJectrolytls. Mrs. L. B. Johnson. 139 Post.
Bon Marche Pants Co. ; special J5 pants to or-
Utr. Rooms 14 & 18. 40 Ellis. Tel. Drnmm 44.
MASQUERADE coctumes. play books wigs-
country orders. GOLDSTEIN Ay CO.. 733 Mkt,
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
trlc needle. Dr. tc Mrs. Traverse. 1170 Market.
TAILOR-MADE cult $7 CO; dress pants $2 60~
Mlyflt Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Us natural color: Jl; at all druggists'.
1 A -BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at IOCS Market st.. opposite Fifth.
Ooen until 11 n. m.
PALMISTS. V*.' f
MME. DEVAS. scientific palmist and astrolo-
Cist; palm readings $1; 3' questions by ex- '
press. $1 ; open Tuesday eve alga. 130 post st
MME. NEERGARD. located at 242 Post; hours
1-to 5 dally. .Phcne Jamd l. Classes.. : ¦
H. JEROME FOSELLL. scientific. palmist 515
• Tavlor gt. near Geary. Fhon? Flack 561. . ,
NEW HOME — See -our new .triple- teed mi-
; chines; -slightly ,used{ $10. $15, -5'J0; second-
hand. $3. $5. $S; all styles;' guaranteed. New :
Home Sewing Machine Co., 1051 ¦ Market st.
ALAMEDA ADVERTIS'MENTS
¦A '
ALAMEDA HEAL ESTATE.
HERE'S a bari-alnv 'cottage, 5 large rooms.
82500; $1300 V cash;. jstieet and sanitary im-
provements; suiterjt) marine'view; eurf bath-
ing. A. F. ST;. SURE, attorney, room 12WS
Claus Spneckels building, San Francisco. .
BEEKELEY ADVERT' S'M'NTS
!~~ BERKELEY, , REAL ESTATE.
SNAP — House of 3 rooms; good .-well 6f'water; !
fruit' trees, barn. * chicken houses, etc.; lot,
60x200 ;-¦ good home;' price only ?1500; terms
$250 cash, balance $14 monthly. O. A. RU-
. ; . : DOLPH.' Lortn station; open Sundays.
'BIG bargalnr^wner going to sea; 6 -room cot -
¦ take, large grounds, . corner lot. fruit trees.
E flower garden.', chicken -house and barn; 2
. blocks to' electric cars; school. ¦ church and
stores? plnse to -railroad station: price $2250:
terms $3C(i .c-'shj balance $20 per month. O.
A. RUDOLPH. Lorin station. Open Sundays.
ALMOST new 6- room cottage; porcelain bath.
gas and. electric lights; city water; nice
garden;, cleae to R. R. station, electric' cars,
church, stores and* school;: large lot; low
. price; easy terms; only $2500; $200 cash, bal-
t arice $20 per. month. • O. ; 'A, : RUDOLPH,
• -. Lorin - etatlon; , open Sundays, ¦
BARPAINS — We buy. sell, exchange or build
MURDOCK, & CO., Lorlrt Station, Berkeley.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE,. 1118 BBOAbWAY.
J. OAKLA?>P * ft EAIj g s>rAT B-
S5SC0 ONLY Vor-a'tiheV/and'lO room houses
In good location: rent about $60 per month.
P. C. LASSEN & CO.. 466 Tenth st,, Oak-
land. Cal. ' '
OAKLAND HOUSES TO. LET.
FOR rent — Brand new 7-room cottage on Tele-
gTtfph ave.; Oakland, near Key Route; will
sell furniture and carpets on. floor; reasonable.
Call at 57fls Telegraph -ve., Oakland.
OAKLAND FimXlTUKE FOR SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In f-urn£
ture. H. Schellhaas. 11th st.^or.store. Oakland.
& EMERYVILLE REAL ESTATE.
v $2C0O— COTTAGE of 6 rooms, bath, pantry,
basement; windmill, outhouses; 50x100. JO-
¦SEPH STRAUB, 630 Market gt.
.i_j ROOMS FOR H£BSEK_EPISO.
ELLIS, 724 — Top flat, 2 or 3 rooms: back porch;
gas .range; very airy and sunny; reasonable.
ELLISi 1905)— 2 large furnished rooms for
housekeeping; gas,' phone, bath; $13. ' '
GEARY, 1002 — Nicely furnished sunny rooms,
en suite or single; housekeeping privileges;
running water: gas; reasonable.
GEARY, 13S1 — Elecantly' furnished suite of 3
¦ rooms; drawing-room; sinsle room.
HARTFORD. 70. bet. Seventeenth and Eight-
eenth— 3 sunny housekeeping rooms; new flat.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments, 1340 Pine »t_,
near Hyde — Sunny 3-room furnished suites;
steam heat: electric lighted; free baths;
rates $30 up. - . '
MOD&L House, 1206 Stockton— Newly furnished
hskpg., single rms., $5-$12; gas, bath, phone.
POLK. 1020. near Geary— Neatly furnished
front boCtekeeplag rooms; reasonable.
TWO sunny furnished rooms for housekeeping;
coal stove. 1(X> Eleventh St.. • •• - .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has . been ' established at '1096
Valencia- st. ¦' „ - > ¦ • -v > ."- • •
APAHTM2HT HOUSES.
EL CAEMELO — Beautiful apartment house;
just completed. 1710* Washington St., near
Van Ness ave.; 3, 4, 5 and 0 rooms and b*th
with each; finished In natural woods; tiled
bath rooms, etc.; genteel . residence location;
J convenient .to car lfiies; rooms large and
Egnny;.n\nst bp.tCeen jo -be, appreciated. ,, ' ¦.,
_• 'MQNTCLAIR APARTMENTS., ':
Corner, Pine find Taylor sts.; beautiful pew
modern apartments; all sunny corner suites;
furnished or unfurnished; none superior; naa-
rine \\t.v. LYON & HOAO.1H. Montgomery.
,;'. . .'THE GABLES. .' ' :
Cor. ' Clay and Larkln ets. — Modern 3-4-B-room i
up-to-date apartments;- furnished or unfur-!
nish.ed; all latest conveniences; reservations
can be made on premises, V to. 4: terms reas.
ST. CECILE. 115 Fell, above Van.. Ness— The
acme of perfection In elegantly furn. 3-room
apartments; private baths, steam heat. elec.
lights, elevator, gas ranges; $30 to $55. -
ST. LOUIS. 1575 Jackson St.— Modern 3-4-5
rooms, also single;. furnished or unfurnished;
marine view; now open; reference's.
AUGUSTINE. 945 Post— 3 and 4 rooms: fur-
nished new. and ud to date.
HADDON HALL.
851 EDDY ST. REFERENCES.
APARTMENTS VTAgTEP.
WANTED — An apartment of 4 rooms furnished
complete: state price and location. Box 251.
Cell ofHce. • . . :
FURNISHED 3-room apartment wanted- close
in. Box 253. Call office. . '
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and Cnfnrn.
AURORA, corner Second and Folsom sts. — New
house, new furniture; every room outside:
modern and sunny; prices from $1- 50 per
week up; this Is the only up-to<date bouse In
. this vicinity; first-class grill attached.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 143 Sixth st.— Rooms
25c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
ABERDEEN. 83C Sutter— Just opened; hand-
eom,ely fur. ;. cor. suites: bath: sun all day;
fine view; single rms. ; tourists; excl. location.
AT "The Almonte.'" 873 Market st. (or No. I
Fifth st.;— Rooms. 25c. 50c. $1. $1 50 night;
$1 50 to $10 week; house open all night.
BUSH, 012. near Jones — Private residence; 3
exceptionally large connecting unfurnished
rooms; carpets and curtains; every modern
Convenience; 2 very handsomely furnished
rooms (renovated), bath attached; references.
BURNETT 1426 Market (old No. 1384)— Fur-
' niehed rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
FRANKLIN,' 721, nr. G. G. ave. — Sunny", furn.
front rooms; suitable for 2; all conveniences.
GEARY, 87S— Sunny front room; $9 per month;
GRAND Southern. 7th' and Mission— Rooms 50c
tc $1 60 night; $1 to $3. week; reading-room.
JESSIE, 303— Furnished rooms; $5 and $8 per
month. •¦¦,." ¦-' • .
JONES, 910 — Comfortably furnished room; pri-
vate, family: all conveniences; cheap.
LARCHMONT 361 Sutter-^Sunny roorns; elec^
trie lights;, elevator; central; transient.
LARKIN, 017— Nloe sunny^ rooms; bay-window
and single rooms. ' " ~- .
MANIIEIM,' J 6S2 Sutter— Sunny front rooms;
strictly first class; transient. • -
Plcrpont.-. 450 EHls—^Connecting rms., suitable
doctor; other rms'. ;¦ elev. ;¦ hot & cold water.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis — Incandescent: lights;
reading-room, smoking-room. and ladles' par.
lor; rooms -per night. 35c fo $150; week.' $2
to $8;: month. $8' to* $30; elevator on ground
. floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
ST. JAMES. McAllister and Laguna— A sunny
furnUhed single 'room:, rent $7. v •' .
STEINER.. 0074-2 "sunny connecting rooms:
man .'and 'wile or; gentlemen singly;, running
water; bath. . ' V ¦¦' - ¦ . • ¦ • -. i.'-
STEVENSON.tTU'H.- near Ninth— Nicely.' fur-'
¦ nlshed rooms; feu *':";.' • ' .'.
SUTTER, 1022V4F near' Hyde^2 large" sunny
parlors and'kltcften 'or laboratory; gas grate.
TAYLOR. 'li!£_iN»cely* furnished sunny" front
suite; aUo single front rooms, $2 to *."» week.
THE . FREMONT. 1S54 MARKET ST.— Strictly
first-class . elegantly . furn. rooming ¦ » hotel.
Tel.' South. 1133. Capt. H. O. Ulberg. Prop.
TO let—P.ooms; single or en "suite ;%all modern
; Improvements; board optional; near Ingle-
, side racetrack. Box 267. Call.
.TURK.' t 724% — Newly >. furnished .- sunny roqms;
;•: single or en suite.- ..*.'. ¦¦.-. --¦-,,..-¦ .
UNITED STATES/ 123 Eddy, near Market— 400
¦ rooms. 35c to $1, night, $1 75 to $6 week; clec-
, trie lights (no gas).. running water In every
room ; . elcvater.'. read>room ; free bus; baggage. .
.VAN NESS. V " 910— Handsome ¦ sunny • furnished
.-suites and single rooms; all conveniences.
WINCHESTER Hotel.: 44 3d st.: near Market— •'
- Most convenient', and respectable: 700 rooms; I
3:i<vto $150 night; $2, to: $S week; ; elevator;
,' v elec* lights ; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
ROOMS TO LET— Fnra. hndl Unfarn.
WOLF Houm, tO2 Sixth— Electric light In
. evexy room: room from 15c to $1 per night.
75c to $5 per week: open all night.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Brastch of flee, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until .11 p. m. >¦
~~' ROOMS AXD JIP^^P;^- _^^
A— HOTEL BALTIMORE.
VAN NESS AVE.. NEAR GEARY ST. '
AMERICAN PLAN.
' PHONE PRIVATE EXCHANGE 706. -.,' '
6ELECT FIRST-CLASS FAMILY HOTEL. .
HOT AND COLD OCEAN WATER.
SPECIAL RATES BY THE MONTH.
MUNGER & ZEBERG. PROPRIETORS.
A LARGE front sunny room and board: parlor
floor; gas, bath and telephone; private, fam-
ily; no ot— er boarders; -rate for man and
wife, $50; single. 430; references exchanged.
Box 350, Call office.
- HOTEL HATTON
977 Pine, nr. Taylor; "elegantly furnished
suites; private baths; all modern conven-
iences; excellent table.
ELEGANT front, tunny alcove room; running
water. -"gas. bath: suitable for 2. with" board;
private family; also another room. 1221 Gold-
en Gate ave.; phone Steiner 3626.
CALIFORNIA. 1246— Most eelect location : In
modern, elegantly furnished private home; I
table, unsurpassed; marine view. • •
HOTEL MARTINET. Geary st. _«d Van Ness
are., has changed hands: hereafter conducted
I first-class family hotel; table board specialty.
HOTEL ELSMERK. 418 Sutter— Sunny rooms;
excellent tafcl?; from $40; single $23.
NEWPORT. 1018 Pine, near Taylor— Large sun-
ny suites; also single room; excellent table.
VALENCIA. 936 — Sunny room for 2; new fur-
niture; flrst-clasB . boarding-house.
THE NIRA. 615 Taylor— Nicely furnished, sun-
ny suites; also single; excellent table.
Stevf.nson mansion. 807 California — Fine rooms;
new chefs; colored service; table specialty.
O'FARRELL.' 80S— Furnished rooms: home
cooking; Qerroan family; $6 per week.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United Statf»%or Canada one year for $1.
ROOMS AND DOAUD WANTED.
WANTED— Board and 2 rooms for 2 adults
and 10- year-old child; price not to exceed
$S0 per month. Box 3090. Call office.
SUITE of rooms, with first-class board, wanted
for 2 adults; rates not to exceed $-S5 per
month. Box 252. Call. . ¦ . :
ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED— 3 rooms ' furnished complete for
housekeeping. Address, stating rent, box
E'j7. Call office.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
THE ¦ secretary of the St. Francis Girls' DI-
rectory Orphan Asylum herewith gives notice
that the following orphan, half-orphan and
abandoned boys and girls have been admitted
to tlie asylum at Central avenue and Waller
street from July 1. 1903. to January 1, 1904:
Hazel Kane. 6 yrs; Claire Kane, 2 yrs: Hazel
Roche.- 10 yrs; Margaret Roche. 13 yrs; Lil-
. lie Ivers, 7 yrs; Edna Ivcrs, 6 yrs; Joseph
Smiil, 4 yrs; Ella Creque. 6 yrs 4 mos; Ger-
tie Robinson. 1 yr 11 mos; Edward Tansey,
7. yre; Joseph Nampel. 5 yrs; Olander de
Fresel, 0 yrs; Hannah Murphy, 8 yrs; Patrick
Murphy, 4 yrs; Timothy Murphy, 3 yrs; An-
nie Farren, 10 yrs; Mannel Sllvera, 5 yrs 4
mos; Andrew Varney. 5 yrs; Noble Varney,
4 yrs; Francis McCarthy, 8 yrs; Elsie Mc-
Carthy, 6 yrs; Irvln McCarthy. 4 yrs; Eve-
lyn McCarthy, 13 yrs; Allan McCarthy,' 12
yrs; Paul Paoeera, 3 yrs; Peril Papesra,' 2
yrs; Francis Hornbeck, 12 yrs; George Bo-
han, 6' yrs; Frank Cacaee, 4 yrs; Annie
O'Connor. 10 yrs; Ruth Courtland, 11 yrs;
Daisy tiargent, 6 yrs U mos; Harry Holver-
Eon. 7 yrs; Mary Matthews, 6 yrs; Rose Mat-
thews 5 yra; Frank Matthews, 2 yrs 9 tnos;
Joseph Waters. « yrs C mos; Thomas Waters.
'4 yrs S.mos^Ruth Smith 10 yrs; Mary Mag-
Kio, 10 yrs; Raphael Maggto. 8 yrs;" Louisa'
Koenlg, 9 yes;- John. TReariJon, . {> yrs; .Eddie
Reardon, 4 yrs; Mabel Adams, $ yrs; George
Adams," 6 yrs; Frank Adams, 5 yrs; Harold
Kprcgue, 10 yrs; Lesley Spregue. 8 yrs; Marie
m Drendand, 0 yrs; Victor Drendand. 3 yrs:
Loney Woir. 2 yrs 6 mos; Stella Panla. 10
. yrs 6 mos; Dorothy Roe. 12 yrs; Mary Clark.
10 yrs; Agnes Clark. 0 yra 3 mos; Annie
Clark, 7 yrs; Catherine Clark. C yrs: Frank
Ivera, 4 yrs: Madeline Clark, 2 yrs: David
Mitchell/ 8 yrs 4\mos; Rose Mitchell. 6 yrs
11 bjos; Catherine Coyle, S yrs; Dan Coyle,
• 6 yrs: Francis .Coyle. 5 yrs; Hannah Coyle,
, 2 ¦yrs; Francis Everding. 5 yrs; Thomas
Everdlng. 2, yrs: Mary Schluch. 10 yrs;
George Vosine. 3 yrs; Leo tJbethals, 7 yrs;
•. Herbert Katrles. S yrs;. Rose Kalries, 6 yrs;
Isabella Bedella, 7 yrs: Ellen Ante, 11 yrs;
George Tracy. 8 yrs; George Hunter, 7 yrs 6
mos; Henry Foster. 8 yrs; -Eva Narvis, 7
yrs; Josephine Narvis, 5 yra; Ira Malnburg,
8 yrs: Leonard Malnburg, -7 yrs; Mary Caro-
¦ line Nowlan. 6 yrs 11 mos. .
THE Pacific Hebrew Orphan Asylum and Horns
Society hereby zlves notice that they have
admitted into the orphanage from July 1,
1903. to January 1. 1004, the following
named orphans and, half-orphans, boys a,nd
girls, vlr.: Rebecca Rablnowitz. 5 aged H
¦ yrs. 4 mos. ; Tony Rablnowitz,' aged 5 yrs. 0
mos.; Lillie Goldberg, aged 8 yrs. 4 mos.;
Rosie Goldberg, aged 6 yrs; Israel Forman,
aged 4/yrs. 5 mos.: Rebecca' Fabian, aged S
yrs. 2 mos.: Philip Fabian, aged 7 yrs. 11
mos. ; Fanny Fabian, aged 6 yrs. 3 mos.;
. Julius Cohen, ased 4 yrs. 8 mos. ; Pauline
Ghinsburg. 11 yrs. 3 mos. ¦ .
NOTICE is hereby given that the Maria Kip
¦ Orphanage of 520 Lake et.. San Francisco,,
has received the following orphan and half-
orphan yirls from July. 1. 1903. to January
.1. 1004:- Violet K. Lundberg. 6 years; Ma-
bel Campbell,' 12 years; Margaret ¦ Campbell.
. p years: Amy K. Rice. 8 years; Bessie E.
Cook 12 -years: Elizabeth Kerr. 4 years;
Annie Herrold. 12. years: Elizabeth Herrold,
10 years: Ida Herrold. 0 years; Alice Her-
rold 8 years; Hilda Herrold, 4 years; Ida
Rule. 0 years; Mabel E. Rule. 7 years: Dor-
othy" R. Au Buchon. 12 years: Ruth Louise
Au Bucbor. 8 years: Thelma Haven. 4 years..
THE following children have been entered at
the San Francisco Nursery for Homeless
Children: George James Miller, age 1 year;
Anita Mulligan, age C% years; Joseph Mulll-
gan, age 3% years.' and Veronica Mulligan,
age 2 years, all half orphans. ..•.,;.
STORAGE 'AND^ „. WAREHOUSES. -^
A— EMPORIUM Storage * Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard. St., nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co.. of-
fice Post and Powell sts.: tel. Prlve. Ex. 671.
CONKLIN'S storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. ' 333 Golden Gate ave.: phone East 12tf.
GOLDEN West Storage: advances made; 840
Mlfstnn St.; tel. Howard 041. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore st. ; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS'Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery
ft.: tel.^fulr. 1S4O.- Shlpplnr at cut rate*-
-STUTTERING . AND STAMMERING.
MELBOURNE School. Van Ness Market— Cure
in every case ;, Individual teaching; no medi-
cine,' Inquire into wonderful cures; home cure.
TYPEWRITERS AND ' SUPTL.I ES. ¦
AN. exceptionally good No. 2 Remington, No. 1
Smith Premier. $23; other "'typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 SO: The
1 Typewriter Exchange; . S36 California st..-.
A FEW good typewriters at f 30* each: get par-
ticulars of L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont.
goroery st. - ; :. :
A typewriter' at any prl;e; agents Fay-Sholes,
$100: Sun. $40: Commercial. $33: Postal. $25..
CUNNINGHAM. CURTI3S A WELCH.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
¦ Webster Typewriting Ins pec. Co.. 80S Market.
. DIVIDEND -NOTICES?"
DIVIDEND NOTICE — The Nevada National
- Bank of San Francisco: At a regular meet-
Ing of the board of directors of this bank.
held January 5, 1004, a dividend was de-
clared, for* the -half, year, ending December
. 31,' 1803, at the rate of seven (7) . per . cent
•' per ' annum, payable, on and . after , the - 15th
Inst, ; transfer books will be closed from the
10th to the 15th lnst., -both days Inclusive.
¦:,,.', ; GEORGE GRANT.- Secretary.
¦San Francisco, January 5,' 1004. * . :
SAN. FRANCISCO and Suburban Home Build-
Ing Society. 5th floor.* Mutual Savings Bank
building. 708 Market St.. oppo^te Third —
.. For ¦ the hair- year ending 31st »t December,
1903 . a . dividend has been ' declared at • the
rate" per annum . of (12) • twelve ptr cent on
. '< capital " stock : and participating certificates.
free of taxes, payable on and after —IATUR-
DAT January 2. 1901. JOSEPH A." LEON-
- ARD. Manager. > HUGH CRAIG. Secretary.
uV- v ;-_;-. proposals. , ", :\ ' :
SAN- FRANCISCO^ Cal , Jan. 11, 1904.— Sealed
. proposals, In triplicate, will be . received here
until 11 o'clock a. m., February 11, 1904,
> ' and then opened; for construction x of -. frame
v bakehouse- and- furnishing; portable -oven at
Depot of Recruitsvana Casuals.. Angel Island.
Cal. : Government reserves right ; to reject. or*
¦ '.accept any. or -all bids * in whole, or In part.
' Information ~ furnished • on- application to"
WM. . S.": PATTEN. Assistant Quartermaster
General, Chief Q. M. v . . .
PHYSICIANS AND SURUEOXS.
DR.C..<£ r O'DONNELL-^Of_criind residence.
1021 4 Market st.. bet. 6th and 7th: particu-
lar atte_Uon paid to diseases of women.
DR. M. iTATSUDA has returned from Orient.
. Now at SB. corner Geary anil Taylor sts.
BLOOD skin and rectal diseases _ specialty.
DR. BALL, 1073 H Market «t.
REMOVED — DR. WONG HIM. herb <«ctor.
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason: no* lo-
cated at 667 Geary st., near Leavenworth.
DR. TONG PO CHT. successor to Dr. LI Po
Ta'l. herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 WasWnfton st.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor — AH dl«-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 74fr-8 Clay gt.
MARRIAGE LJCEXSES. •
• The following m_ rrlase licenses were issued
yesterday : v k . , -..--"; •
Michael A. Connell. >24. Sutter Creek, and
Jessie Hammack, 18, Sutter Creek.
John Crowley. 40. 2249A Market street, and
Margaret Mack. 33, 64 Woodward avonue.
John T. Tyner, 29. 1008 Pine street, and
Anita C. Walsh. 23. ,775 Pine street.
Joseph ¦ Dunne. 54, 318 Third, street, and .
Rosle' Mulvaney. 40. 314 Third street.
Peter Frlbers-, 48. 514 Sixth ¦ street, and
Emma C. Staaf. 3#, Oakland.
John F. Ware, 31, Los Angeles, and *Mabel
M. C. -Stewart, 20. 30 Caselll a\'*nue. ¦ -
Covington Johnson* 52. 840 Jones street, and
Caroline E. Rlxford, 30, 1S13 Pierce street.
Francis Taylor, to, 240% Blxth street, and
Lucy L. Bullard, 31. 240% Sixth. street.
Morris S.- Crum. 30, Orovllle, and Rosa 'A.
Peter. 28. Orovllle. '-
Ellas Hall. 29, Vallejo. and Virginia Moul-
trie. 32. Vallejo. ' * "
Archie Curry, 48, city, and ; Helena. Gustaf-
son, 56, city. • . . • • ¦
John E. O'Neill, 25. -34 Eureka street, and
Eleanor T. L«ary. 23, 1117 Sutter street.
Warren Dibble, 2S, city, and Caroline
BUehoff. M. city. j. -•••.-
Austin E. Moore. 32, 37 Cumberland street,
and Klvina E. Pilastra, 24, Petaluma.
Charles C. • Wuth. 38. . 1521 Howard street,
and Elizabeth G. Crosette, IS. Maxysville.
August W. Magr.uson, 23, • 400A Brannan
street, and Ida E. Nelson. 19. 162 Highland
avenue. « • .
' BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS:
Birth, ruarriaee and death notices »nt by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication - offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of rer-
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to tht announcement
of the event are published once In this column
free of charge.
' BORX.
COHN— In this city. January 10." 19O4. to U»e
wife of Leo £. Cohn inee Ashersjn). a son.
DUTTICKER— In thin city. January 10. ' 1904.
, to the wife of Charles J. Luttlcker, a son.
_~_ DIED.
Akmann. Mrs. E. Lewis. Addie
Anderson. Aurora O."- 1 Little. Davi.l
Austin Benjamin F. Mowry. Harriet
Baker Orman F. ' Mulcahy. Margaret
Browne. Walter P. Muncey. William G.
Commerford. Cath- O'Connor. Margaret
erlne O'Connor. M. J.
Dorsey. Webster Pearson. George E.
Foye Franklin E. Schmid. Agnes A.
Gorman, William H. 6ister Florence Be-
Graham. Daniel nisma
Hamilton Annie D. Wahl. Emll
Hargadan. Michael "Warren. James F. S.
Harris, Charles XV. Warren. Charlotte M.
Heavlstde Robert. . Wilson. Martha
Kraute. Joh» C. - . Wllrlnskt. Johanna
Krauee. Nellie- '* _¦ ¦ •
AKMANN— In this city, January 12. 1904,
Mrs. Emma Akmann. beloved wife of
Charles Akmann. daughter of Amilie Ban-
• ker. and sister of August and Albert Banker.
Mr. Harry Simi. Mrs. P. de Bemardl and
the late Hermann Banker, a native of Ger-
many, aged 37 years 2 months and e days.
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Thursday. January 14. 1904. at 12:S0 o'clock,
at Charles J. B. Metzler"s undertaking par-
lors, 636 Washington^ street. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery. •-
ANDERSON — In this city. January 10. 1904.
Aurora . Octavia. beloved wife of John
Anderson, nr.d mother of Mrs. G. Llndquist.
Charles. Albert. Walter and Adolph Ander-
son, a native of Sweden, aged 57 years 7
months and 3 days. .
£7Frtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend funeral Wednesday.
January 13. at 12 o'clock in. from tha
mortuary chapel of the Gulden Gate Under-
taking Company,' 2473 Mission street, thenc*
to the Swedish Lutheran Ebenezer Church.
Mission street, between Eighth and Ninth,
where services will be held at 1 o'clock
p. m. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
AUSTIN — In this city. January 11. 1UO4.
Benjamin ¥.. beloved husband - of Addic
Austin, and brother of Martha J. Kine. a
native of Rochester, N. Y., aged 71 years
tj months and IS days. A member of Lin-
coln Post No. l.-G. A. R._
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day, at 2 o'clock p. m.. from the funeral
parlors ot Porter & White, 423 Golden Gate
avenue. Funeral under the auspices of Lin-
coln Post No. 1. G. A. HI ' Interment Na-
tional Cemetery- *"* ' < . .
BAKER— In this city, January 12, 1904. Orman
F., beloved sin of Thomas F. ' and Eliza-
beth Baker, and brother Of Mr*. A. Chap-
man and Fredrick and Floyd, Lillian Winter
and Wayne Baker, a native of. Kansas. ag<d
23 years 2 months and 17 days. (Iola, Kans..
papers please copy.)'
B_TFrtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend tfce funeral -services
Thursday, January 14, 1904, at 2 o'clock, at
the mortuary chaDel of the Oold;n Gate
Undertaking Company. 2475 Mission street,
near Twenty- first. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery.
BROWNE— Inr Tucson. Ariz., January 12.;19O4.
Walter Percy, b« loved husband of Mattle
Fairbanks Browne, father of Walter Steven-
sdn, Roy sn<l Frances Browne, and nephew
of Emily C. Browne, a native of Canada,
ased 38 years. . ' '. .
COMMERFORD -- In this City* January 10.
1904, Catherine, beloved wife of the late
Patrick Commerford, and b«loved mother of
Mollle A.. John J., James A. and Jeremiad
L. Commerford and the late Mich— el F.
Commerford, a natt»« of Caahel. County
Tlpperary. Ireland, agfd 58 years 2 months
and 15 days. ' . ' \
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day, at l> o'clock a. m.. from her late resi-
dence. 1331% California street, thence to
St. Mary's Cathedral. Van Ness avenu* and
O'Farrell street, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repc**
of her soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock
a. m. Interment Holy Cress Cemetery.
DORSET— In Piedmont, Oakland. January 12,
. lUOI. Webster • Dorsey, eldest child of A. '
Lowndes and 'Bisdlta L. Scott. (Baltimore.
Md.. and Carson. Nev.. papers please copy.)
E7FuneraI from residence Thursday, at 3
o'clock. Interment private..
FOYE — In this ctty. January 11. 1WU. Frank-
lin E Foye. a native of San Francisco,
agtd 25 years U months and 5 days.
GORMAN— In this city. ' January 12,' 1904.
.William Henry, belovffd son of Mary and the
late James Gorman, and brother of Mrs. W..
L. Dawes and Mrs. S. H. Stewart, a native
of San Francisco.
" C^The funeral will take place tOrinorrow
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock. - from his late,
- rtsldenc*-. 1713 Turk street, thenc* to Holy"
Cross Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will b$ celebrated! for the repose of his soul,
¦ commencing at 19 o'clock. Interment' Holy
Cross Cemetery. ¦ -
GRAHAM— In this city. January 12. 19O4,
Daniel, beloved husband of Gertrude < Gra-
ham, a native of .New York, aged 74 years.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to- morrow
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock., from his late"
residence. 4+4 Bartlett street, between Twen-
ty-fifth and Twenty-sixth. ¦ Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery. .' Please omit flowers.
HAMILTON— In this city. January 12. 1904,-
Annie Douglass Hamilton, wife of the late
• Hslrry Hamilton, and beloved mother of
-.Irene Douglass, a native of Stockton, aged
38 yrars 5 months and 2$ days. ¦
C7 Remains at the parlors of 'the United
Undertakers. «««* v Mission . street, between
Fourth and Fifth.
HARGADAN— In this city. January 12. 1904,
Michael Hargadan. a native of the parish
of Colrelgh. ,County Sligo. Ireland, aged 6$.
years. •. • . ,
CTNotice of funeral hereafter. Remains
¦ at the parlors of J. C. O'Connor * Co.. 707
Mission street, between Third and Fourth.
HARRIS— In this city, January, 12. 1504. at
the residence of . bis brother, 1513 Larkln
street. Charles W.. beloved husband of Min-
nie Harris, eldest son of Nieves and the late
George W. Harris, and. brother' of Dr. George
R. and Ben D. Harris. Mrs. . XV'. L. Price «nd
• Mm. L. -Webb.' a native of San Francisco.
HENRY J. CALL ACHE R CO.
(Successors to Flannagah & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr. ,
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND KMBALMER3.
20 Firth St.. opposite Lincoln School.
.. * ">¦", ••' Telephone South 80. '
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
—^-Funeral . Directors and Eabalmers—
Formerly In Metropolitan Temple,
. Now at 868 MISSION^ Tel. South 167.
Between Fourth and Fifth, near Fifth. at. >
: Finest Equipments at Moderate Rales. ,. .
James McGinn: ";. ¦ Henry Hansen.
t JAMES McGINN & ¦¦ CO.. ¦
- : • Formerly With McGinn Bros.;
' . Funeral Directors ¦ and Embalmers— —
214 Eddy . st. : Tel ¦ South . »7& 1
aged 43 years. A member of the Third
Order of St. Francis. (Oakland. Cal., paper*
please copy.)
CyNotlce of funeral hereafter.
HEAVISIDE— In this city. January 12. 1904.
1 Robert, beloved husband of Mary Heavl-
*W.». and father of William and Marjorl
Hesvisitfe. a native of England, aged 57
years 2 months and 21 days.
KRAUSE— la Rio Vista. January 7. 1904, John
C. Krause. beloved father 'of C. H. and
' Daisy Krause, Mrs. G. Ward. Mrs. N. P.
Nelson. Mrs. XV. O. JamescA, Mrs 1 . C. Rul-
ing and Mrs. M. Spitz*, aged 69 years.
KRAU6E— In Rio Vlsta.'january 8. 1904. Nel-
lie, btloved wife of C. H. Krause. a nativa
" or California, aeed 27 years 1 month and 2
days. " • *
LEWIS— Passed away In this city. January.
12. 1304. Addle Lewis, dearly beloved daugh-
' ter of Mrs. M. Lewis, and sister of Mrs. F.
S Samuels. Mrs. Lou Gorman and George.
Albert and John Lewis, .a native of Saa jj
Franc laco.
LITTLE — In this city. January 11. 1904. David.. .
beloved husband of Mary tattle, and father
of Mrs. Robert Scott. Mrs. John Walker.
John Little. Mrs. W. M. Lacey and Jessie.
George and Annie Little, a native of Scot-
land, aged 61 years 3 months and 25 days.
(Honolulu papers please copy.)
C7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 1 :•'!«> o'clock, from his late
residence. 3777 Twenty-fourth street. Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by electric,
car from Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
MOWRY— In this city, January 11. 1904. Har-
riet Mbwrv, beloved mother of Edward
Mowry. a native of Providence. R. I.
MULCAHY — In this city. January 11. W04.
Margaret, relict cf the late John Mulcahy.
and mother of John Uulcahy. Mrs. M. J.
Kelley. Mrs. Kate Ziram-r. Mrs. - Alfred
Growney. Mrs. V. J. Cronin. Mrs. J. R.
Walker and Mrs. P. J. Murray and the lat«
Rose Williams, a native of County Meath.
Ireland. „ ' ' -. .
CThe funeral will take place to-day
(Wedtiesdayl at 9:30 a. m . from her late
residence. XOtti HarrUon street, corner
Twenty • sixth. thence to St. Peter's
' Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
' menclng at Si a. m. iBtermeat Holy Cross
Cametery.
MUNCEY— In th'ls etty. January 12. 1904. Wil-
liam G . beloved husband of Marguertta
Muncey. father of Vlda C. Gtlmore W. and
Fred B. Muncey. and brother of Mrs. G. S.
Smith, a native of Nora Scotia. 4ged .19
years 7 months and 2 days.
ET" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-mo,rro*r
*(Thursday> at 1 o'clock, from his Ute. resi-
dence 2317 Twenty- second street near Treat
avenue. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery.
O'CONNOR— In this city. January 11. 1904.
Margaret, beloved wife of the late J. J.
O'Connor, and sister of Gulla Scan|ln. Mrs.
Frank A. Cook. Mrs. James Tunnell. Mrs.
John Gay and the lcte U- W. 8ca.nl In and
I_ E. Bulkeley. a, native ot New Torfc Ctty.
aged 39 years.
£7 Friends are restieetfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-day (Wednesday), at
8:30 o'clock a. m.. from the carton of the
Henry J. Gallagher Undertaking Company.
20 Fifth street, thence to Sacred Heart
Chuwh. where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her - sank
.commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Croes Cemetery. - .
O'CONNOR — An anniversary high mass for tn»
repose of the soul of the late M. J. O'Connor
will be held at St. Dominic's Church. Bush
and Steiner streets, Thursday. Jaauary 14,
1904. at ft o'clock. Friends and acquaint-
ances are respectfully Invited.
PEARSON— In this city. January 12. 1904.
George Edward Pearson, beloved brother of
James. JVIllie. Henry. Freddie. Theodor*.
Tins, and Jennie Pearson, a native of San
Francisco, aged 4 years 2 months and 7
days.
SCHMID— In this city. January 12, MM,
Agnes Anrela, dearly beloved and infant
daughter of John E. and Sarah A. Schratd,
and sister of Barbara aad Anita ScHmld. a
native of San Francisco, aged 3 months and
21 days.
SISTER FLORENCE BENIGNA— In Oakland.
January 11 1S>O4. at St. Joseph's Institute,
Sister Klorence Benigna of the Sisters of St.
Joseph, a native of St. Louis. Mo., aged 43
years. %
WAHL— In this city. January 12. 1904. EmU
Wahl. rtearly beloved son of Fred and Au-
gusta Wahl. brother of Fred Wahl Jr..
grandson of Emll and Therese Schoenbeln.
great-grandson of Johanna Eltzen., and
nephew of Willie and Frank Scboenbaln. *
native of San Francisco, aged 11 months
and 5 days.
WARREN— In this city. January 10. 1904.
Jamea. -F. Smith Warren, youngest son of
Frank W. and Charlotte M. Warren, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 5 years and 10
months. . ,
r_rinterroent took place In Holy Cross
Cemetery January 10. 1904.
WARDEN— In this city. January 11. 1904.
Charlotte M. (Blossom), dearly beloved wife
of Frank W Warren, and daughter of the
late* Isaac V. and Charlotte Denniston. a
native of San Francisco.
t_rThe funeral will take >»r>lace to-day
(Wednesday), at 8:45 o'clock, from her late
residence 3576 Seventeenth street, thence to
Mission Dolores Church for service's, at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross- Cemetery,
by electric funeral car from Eighteenth aad
Guerrero streets. No carriages. ... ¦¦/•—»
WILSON— In East Oakland. January 12. 1904.
Martha. Wilson, mother of Thomas Wilson.
Rev William Wilson of Chicago and Sam-
uel Wilson of New York, a native ot York-
shire. England, aged 92 years.
WILZINSKI— In this city. January 11. 1904.
Johanna, beloved wife of A. Wlltlnskl of
A'allejo Cal..' and dearly beloved mother of
Mrs M. Hyroan. Mrs. L. Bruck and Estelle
Wllrinskl. a native of Germany, aged 8T
years 1 month and 9 days.
E7Friend9 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invtted to attend the funeral services
to-day (Wednesday), at 78-1 Sills street, at
10:15 o'clock. Interment Hills of Eternity
Cemetery, by train leaving Third and X°wn-
send streets at -11:30 o'clock. Pleas« emit
flowers. '
_^__4t^l— S^H2a^_§^l_ft%_5^_^^3
f\jL
Dr.R,LWals&.
«•«_." 847 Geary Stj
rirsst'j sfjeiits fi_ntsg» KtU X
Reduced bates fair Thirty Days
Painless Extraction ..... 25c ;
Fillings. ...;.'. 30o
Crowns . ...... 52.00 to $5.00
Plate Work . . . $5.00 to $23.00
(COS rut THIS l_t IA0S «TJ__» BIT.
. The Prefect of the Seine having
placarded Paris with posters descrtb- ¦
Ing- the terrible effects of alcohol and
absinthe -drinkin. the cafe proprietors
each filed a damage suit agairiat him.
f PLACE Y0UB0R3EJS EARLY /
|T?S20th CENTURY]
1 COOKBOOK I
Another shipment will
arrive about January Sit
1904. . ;
In order to satisfy the
demand for this premium
we have ordered another -
carload of these books,
and all persons sending to
The Cook Book Depart-
ment of this paper a six
months' subscription to
The Daily and Sunday.
Call mar secure one of the
Twentieth Century Cook
Books at the premium
* rate of 50c.
B ___________»_r_L-Ti _
1 Out-of-town subscribers should 'remit |
? 20c additional to prapaj transatrhiiti I
I charges. J
CBW _ va ____MSj___________C__S__SSSB_BS_____P
REAL KSTATE — CITY— FOR SALE.
TO-MORROW— TO-MORROW.
AUCTION
By
HENRY STERN v .
(Of David Stern & Sons), ¦'
THURSDAY. JANUARY 14. 1904. ;
At ,32 o'clock noon.
'At Salesroom. ; . "
. 11 MONTGOMERT ST. ;«
COLE STREET. -.- ; . ¦'_ •'
g JW 2S I 25 | 25 | 25J25I 23 125
» . i- -¦•¦¦ . » . ¦ ¦¦
. z a- :, •¦•: -v ;| !
« 3. -: ., •• ;. v 'I'-
id . ¦ , ¦':.. ¦ '¦ ' ¦- " ' : >^
°" "' r ¦ ' ¦ - " , . ¦ * . ,1 .
U 137:8 ¦ ¦• •' 1J716 . : •
•z — . ::.::.. -: g ..i
f , ' ' • ; ' ¦' — — •-¦'». ¦ W f,
a- ' •¦-¦---
|! . — ¦ -• - ; — rg
— ' ! ¦ W
« ¦¦-•¦^•g,
z ~. — r— s a
" 137:6 ¦' •" . 137 :« .iy.'.-Q g
» iw :^~ r ~. r : "¦ h
. g 2 • S
ea
. rr ioo
- _» 25 I 25 25 25 2S 23 28
CLAYTON STREET.
STREET WORK DONE. ™~
FACING GOLDEN GATE PARK.
3S CHOICE RESIDENCE LOTS.
FELL ST.. BOULEVARD AND PANHANDLE.
FELL. HAYES. CLAYTON AND COLE STS.
40 per cent cash, balance at 6 per cent In-
terest.
For further particulars apply to
HENRY STERN. 11 Montgomery st.
HEADQUARTERS FOR FARJC rX>TS.
[ $500 TO $1200; VERY, EASY TERMS. *
Why do «o many buy our Oceanside lots?
Because no other* there compare with .them.
They have unobstructed ocean and park view.
They are on •¦Official Grade"; ready for
. > • . buildinc.
Every lot Is a bargain. See them to-day.
Get off cars cor. 47th ave. and H st
¦ ¦¦ _____ i • • . •
$60 to $250; near park and ocean; $5 monthly.
"Oceaaside"' branch office, cor. 49th ave. and
K st. Open Sundays and holidays,
$500 to $1000— Unexcelled Sunset district lots;
graded and sewered; $10 monthly..
Sunset branch office on Oth ave._ near H st.
»150 TO $350: DON'T MISS THIS.
New lots in the Excelsior Homestead.
. Perfectly level; choicest location of all.
JCear Misslon-st. ears. $5 monthly. •
$120Q to $3500; modern cottages and houses
In Sunset, Richmond, Oceanstde and Excel-
sior Hom.estead.
.ALL BARGAINS: EASY TERMS.
EOL. GETZ & SON. Owners end Dealers.
Room 54. 4th -floor. Chronicle bldg.
.- . -' . > 530 CALIFORNIA STREET.
., ... (Savings. Union Building.)- -.¦
$4000 — Very, cheap;, a ch«ice property on Point
Lobos ave. (the continuation of Geary,
et.); well located; on eunny fide: close
to 3 lines of cars: 2-story, well-built
frame building ; large lot, 45x100; store
on corner; at a moderate expense can be
changed Into flats^tand store' enlarged;
i $7500 was offered and refused for this fine
corner: all street work done; salt water
pipes In front; no such bargain as this. Is
offered: a fine buy.
$1750 — Union et. (sunny side), near Broderick;
25x100; 'grand marine view; fine improve-
ments to go up on. adjoining lot just sold;
easy terms; $250 down. $40 per month;
ready for building; cheapest lot In XV. A.
$3300 — Business corner on Union st. ; 25x100.
$3700 — Clement St.; sunny side; close in; 3
lots; 81x115; now required for business;
cars pass.
$1900—2 choice lots; 50x120: east line Eleventh
ave.. Just north of Clement st.; high
ground, showing the marine view; block
0 fast building up with first-class houses;
$150 first payment: fine buy for' builder. .
$6500 — Larkln st.; 2 flats, 7 rooms each; lot
41:3 frontage; grand marine view; rents
*9 $45; very cheap.
XV. J. GUNS,
530 CALIFORNIA STREET.
$4000 — HOUSE of eight rooms; modern; lot
25x114; sunny side Army st.. between Do-
lores and Church. . . •
$3500 — House of seven rooms; modern; lot
20x125: Fair- Oaks st.. between Twenty-fifth
and Twenty-sixth; easy payments.
$2500 — Cottage five rooms and bath: junction
Precita ave. and Army St.; lot 25x100; easy
payments. J. F. PLUMBE, 14C2 Valencia et.
CALIFORNIA House Wrecking Co. pays the
highest price for buildings and will wrqck
the largest building completely within 10
days. Northwest corner Mission and Tenth
sts., office and yard.
$150 EACH — 2 lots on Buena Vista ave., 2
blocks of 29th and Mission; easy tsrms. T>.
COFFIN & CO.. S303 Mission st.
BUILD on your unimproved realty: we loan
Tull cost Improv. and part lot at 6 per cent.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building.
LATEST' system sanitary plumbine. Phone
Ahlbach & Mayer, plumbers, R36 Howard et.
LOTS. N or S side of Golden Gate Park, pur-
chased by XV. J. OUNNV WO California »t.
POINT RICHMOND REAL ESTATE.
4 LOTS cheap .for cash. . 32* Bush st.. room
4, third floor. • , . .
WATER front lots and bargatns: all tracts;
reaps, photos, etc. I BELL. 417 Parrott bid*.
REAL ESTATE — Conn try; — For Sale.
71S ACHES near Mayfleld. 11 miles frcm San
Jcse: 100 acres full bearing prunes; larg*
vineyard; all good land; water piped every-
where; immense concrete reservoirs; fins
houses, Etab'.rs. barns, etc.; fenced in 5 fields;
coet $160,000; price $50,000. THORNE *
KILPATRICK. 312 Bush st. San Francisco.
$16C0 — 160 ACRES; 10 acres orchard; house,
cellars., corrals, plenty water year round;
fine pasture: pine and' oak wood. . .'
$2000—24 acres in fruit; house, eta ; 55 'miles
from S. F.; $1000 cash. JOSEPH STRAUB.
630 Market st. . .
IN Elmhurst— $3250; for sale on account of
foreclosure of mortgage; 10-room house; 6
lots: containing ' fruit, orchard, barn, well.
. Call on G. BREESEEL 12 Mission st.. S. p,
$10 A MONTH buys a 10-acre • farm. ' ~~~~~
$200 profit per annum per acre. :""
Write for booklet. It's free. 603 J st. "v V
WRIGHT & KIMBROUGH. Sacramento. Cal.
ALFALFA lands, stpek rsnehes. orchards!
vineyards: Inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. «1S
Market st. -. - •¦-',.¦...
LEGAL ADVERTISEMK.NTS.. L
o£N?RTL~T>A7nFlcHKAi£vVAT^
FIRST REFUNDING MORTGAGE BONDS—
Notice is hereby given that, purpua.it to tht
' provision of Article Eight ot the mortxaet
from this Company to the Central Trust Com-
pany of New York. Trustee, dated August . L
1S99 this Company has set apart out of the
net Income .derived by it from ihe lines of
rallrcad therein mortgaged the sum of Twen-
" ty-flve thousand dollars In trust to be used
to redeem said bonds, and that bor.ds - issued
under said mortgage will be redeemed there.'
with and bids are hereby Invited for the sur-
• render of nuch bonds at prices to b«* natned by
the bidders, to the amount requisite to ex-
haust said sum. Such bids should : be pre-
sented to this Company at its office. 120
Broadway. In the City of New.. Turk, on or
before the 1st day. of February, 1004, , at
twelve o'clock noon, and should be Indorsed
"Bids for Surrender of Central Pacific Rail-
way Company First Refunding Bonds.'.'-' .
CENTRAL PACIFIC RAILWAY COMPANY.
-. ¦ - By. B. H. HARRIMAN, President. '
New York. January 2. 1904. • • . .'.
THE firm heretofore existing ; under the name
and style pf D. Bellnomini & Co.. and doing
business at 301 -309^ Hayes^ ; St.. in city and
. county of San Francisco, Is this day : dls-
• solved- by mutual, consent.' A. Ghianda and
- D. Puccinelll having purchased the entire
Interest' of D. Bellnomlni. and will ' continue
the business at the same place. >¦¦-;— -
. (Signed) D. BELLNOMINI, *
'Jan. 4. 1904. , A. GHIANDA.
*t:t>p \vt\Tri)— v *».r — r««i«.,-»4
WAXTKD— *n all nrourd Vockbinder: one who
can do fcrwaniinir ard flr.Uhlng on full
bounds A?pW SANUORN. VAIL & CO.. 741
Ma rkft ft.
WANTED — I.i«b'rer5 and n^echanic* f» know
ihst Ed Rolkin. Rrao Hou» r r oprietor, has
k --.tir -. 100 new 'rocms to the Denver House.
217 Third Ft : 2.%0 ro-jnv: 2.V to 50c per night.
TRY cur rzev.'s shoes. Baton made, st $1 an3
$1 tO pair; foot-form shoe* at $2 M; we pp^
txprcrs cr mall charges. 11 3d St.. Exam. bio.
WINCHESTER. Hotel. 44 Third et. near Mar-
Vet — TOO roftns; S5c r.Ight; reading rooms;
trae 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH tfffifC of The Call for the r^ccjtion
of sdrcrtiscmenu and subscriptions ha* been
openrd it ;w.s Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Op*n until II p, m.
d-A£SIF"li;L» advertisements and eubscrlptionu
rcc-e)ved «t Call branch office. 2200 Klllmore.
ALT. Fires rr.rn's Fboes. pllphtly damaged, bait
rrict. 5*>S Mission st.. b»-t. let and 24 rts.
CET ycur *hocs half soled while watting: 25c
to 50c. 5£> Mission Et.. bet. 1st and 2J sts.
HORSES AXD WAGO.VS.
35 HEAP "f Riod work horsf-s and maros. suit-
febif for <cmractoris or n»n"~h work, must I*
told; au'tirm ralos every Monday at 11
o'clock «t EHIs-et. Stable, e|5 Ellis St.; if
you war.t to bu>, se 1 or «-xrhanpe anything
in our L;w givMis z. call; all liorses s-^li
fr^rn this *stab!i:»hment must be as repre-
sented. S. WATKINS. Auctioneer.
WILL <!of^ nut a !ari;e (nook of horses, was-
i>.nf. surrtoF. bugsries. carts and harness at
auction, January 18, at 11 a. m.. at 11*0 Fol-
som «t., - •
FINH rubber tfre trar an<l pneumatic tire bufr-
fy unti rorrey. nearly new. O'BRIEN'?.
«3o!(*.cn 'Gate ave. and Polk et.
FOR sale — Handsome trap, cheap. Box 3750.
Ca'I afflce. ; . ¦
XI EXPIiHFS »S(r«i. Y.f. ht camping wagon
srd go-cart for sale cheap. Z>52 Mission st.
Larpfft assortret 2-hand wa£<?ns. buckb'd. sur-
. iyy.hames».work.«3rivlpg hcrgeg. lSth-Valencia.
BOCfEl TO LCT.
A— PRINTED !:st of houses to let; send for clr-
cu.sr. G H.UMBSE.V & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A— HOUSES anfl flats to let; an Immense Hit;
fcrvic* absolutely ?ree: take advantage of
this department; it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Fursiture Co., 245-258 Geary
*t., oc tfce eijuare.
EEFOKE movimr r<"t our printed list of booses)
'o >:. RALIUVIN & HOWELL. 25 Pogt st.
aOLStS FtUMAUKU — kOK. SALti.
ITHNITrni: tcr *a!e at 1411 Van Ts'css ave.;
masnlfleently fcrnifhed house, complete;
«arj.«rts. plcturos. <lri-i>eri?F, furniture and
;1 other furnlshints; good tenant can have
lessee
LOST AXD FOCm
LO.ST— January 7, In tc'.ng from 2313 Broadway
to 2123 Jackscn st. via. Seott St.. Pacific ave.
and Burhenan tt., an open-work black enamel
l>:n •a-.th ;>ea:l In rcr.tcr. Finder will be lib-
rewarded by leaving same ' at 2513
BroaJTray. MBS. J. G. KITTLE.
tOPT — January 11. cither on boat from Stook-
ton or a'.tr.c T\-harf to Sacramer.to-et. car.«,
pair of p<-Tid lorgr.ottrts. octa^on#eyes ; liberal
Hvard. Return 43s Eleventh avenue, Rich-
ir % nd i ; •
IXiST — A r<assb'x.k with the Hltxrnla SavinKs
end Loan Society cf San Francisco, in the
name -of JOHN A. or KATIE DOHERTY.
No. HC-41L The finder will please return to
bank. . ,
FOUND— Jammry 5, en Harrison St.. small
lady's chatetnlne. ccnUir.ins lady's wafch.
penknife and email sum of money. Owner
csn obtain same at 420 Eighth et. by describ-
-LOST— B<.n»«.*>r> Dolor-, and Valencia *ts 6
.theater f^sitle iE^mfii nt fct.- Paul's Bazaar,
plea*-* rri-urn; . as - they* are of no value to
fi "4**r. »74J Twcr.ty-Fixth «.
L<JST— Tro cr*>.-:t Dan»s; 11 months old; b!ue
* <*c« u.ti'l brinnie bitch. - 2472 Uark^t nt. Llb-
?r_I reward. ¦ * ,--..-
LOST — Oe Geary et.. -black ribbon b»lt with
ChiB«» silver buckle. Return to 1005 Ceary
*t.; reward. . .
LTifcT— Brown, short-tailed, long-tared, sharpy ¦
5^tt»-r: Dr. Howard's Dick L- Liberal re-
ward if -returned to 150* Masonic ave.
LO5T— fiaturrtay evening, black enrker bitch
Return to r.;^ G. G. ave.; $10 reward.
LO?T— A cnllle Arg. p.fturn to J. OtHEA
N"v>r;i<-h cM V»rmort sts.: r^ceivo reward.
MEDICAL
II RS. DB. TITE7H. specialist for all female
cen-.plainte ; lnetant relief puaranteed; 20
years' experience ;. removed to S26 Post st.
MRS. XlR. KOHL, reliable »s*c'.allst for all fe-
n-.a:e- troubles and irregularities; instant re-
&. Utt caanntfed. I0(*H Market St.. opp. 5th.
BR G. W. O-DOXNELL— All who are sick or
Sr trouble consult this specialist on feroal*
ccrrfla:ntrf; pesitively corrected; the Onfortu-
u*tt heljjed: the most difflcTilt cases treated;
ttivlce free. O;f.ce. 1018 Market St.
CATAP.RH. DEAFNESS and NOISES In KAR9
pouthrelj cured; new method: 1 week's treat-
&est free. Dr. Cotticxhain. 204 Sutter ft.
Drf. Goodwin. 733 Turk. nr. Van Ness— Expert
In cbFtetric*. female romr'.alnts; lnst. relief;
treatment tip;, hours. 10 to 5; 25 years' exper.
XIP.S. D. ALLEN. U1S Market— Reliable ladles'
»p*cU!iM; a i rivare home before and darin»
conaneiaent; best medical care; low fees.
CR. HOPEN resides 20U5 Fclsora St., corner
26th; :adics. relief or no fee; $10.
DR. arnS MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method cf treatment; 1126 Market st.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 319 Powell st.. opposite
T-r.:on Squar»: ail diseases <-ured by herbs.
JIHXIXG AXD ASSAV1.\G.
20 EXPERIENCED miners to worlT7or~sto^k~ln
valuable Arizona- mine; board, expenses, fare
\ raid. 72ti Starr King Hrfg.
CE_LAS EOCS FOR SALS.
BOILEP.S. enjrines. 2d-hand machlneryrMcIN^
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-ia7 Fremont st.
TRY A£EE£TOo roof r.altu and be convinced
that It la the oniy paint that will stop all
leaks la any rocf. either metal or shingle; It
If also the beet preservative paint for all new
tn*tal and Eh!r.gl* roofs, and makes tha roof
last over twice as lonjt than sainted with
any other rair.ts; It has no rqual. Office. 41»
California St.. room 21: tfje^hone James 571C.
DOES YCVR HOOF LEAK?
Repair it with elatente; In rolls eaey to lay:
necus no jiair.ting or coating; good over old
Ircn. tin or fhingl^s; be«t for tiew roofs
ELATEUITE I'.OOFING CO.. 713 Market sU
2D-HAND' machinery, boiler*, engines, pumps,
pulleys. ehafUng. etc.. etc.. bought, sold,
rer.tfd an»J exchans-*<i; Bee Sunday paoe'i!
H. S- WHITE MCH1' CO.. 130-132 BeaJ<T»t.
I Fine suits. $7 00: dress pants. T2 50 Orlrl-
al MUJU Cloth Jng rarlore. 2SS Kearny st
ear Hush; open to 9 p. to.. Eunday to noon!
•Buys, fe'.ls ot rents gear machinery, en-
!nes. bcller*. m-ater pin*, ehafting. pulleys.
•c. WHITELAW. 2^3-255 Spear st.
R sa!f — Z cockrr EDaniel black thormigh-
rwl puts, C weeks old; cheap. ZXSH How-
rd st.
HANDPOME now Prrtian baby Jamb pillow
iu«T an(J !a.r«re stole; ecst $100; accept $30.,
"Ot, ijalght+st.; phone Vase 71S. .
PEWniTEKE. slightly u«ed. sold at coat-
ew Lnderwood visible typewriter catalog
flit fre>. K. e. tteva;. & Co.. San Francisco.
TERATIO:.' fale— Best $2 M _ats. $1 50.
opular Price Hatter. 330 Kearny ft., near
.ne; ct<n to a p. m.; Sundays to noon.
TRY our rr.fn'i thocs et fl and 51 50 pair;
.oct-.enn ehoes at ?2 SO; we pay express
charges. U Sd et.. Exam, bid.: catalog free.
S>4c HGLL and -up; fine wall paper; sample*
mailed; painting, tinting, papering. M. MER-
IGAN. 13C2 Webster. Tel. Jackson 132L
Selling OBttBaUcr Canary b!rr>: mal^s and fe-
roaley; Goldnr.rh Canary muj<?p. 31CS lfith Bt,
•6AIL1NO art for fehins and hunting! Si
Bash ft. v - third floor, pjom 4.
SIILES of i.:pe and fittings: all el2es! EU- •
GENE rtlLKY A- SONS. 100 Vallejo st. •
SAFES e.«d «-a?h rTUtere. new and tecond-
hang. 1. FREEMAN. 1329 Market st.
SOME pood pecocd-hanrt pasoilr.e engines. 1 to
12 H. P. «heap. E. K. neck & Co.. 122 Mkt.
KINE et-nzn »vi?*»TTsob!le: first-claim running or-
&*t. . W. V.. '"3 Lyon st.. fan Francisco, i
FI.OT machines cheap; - rhicagoes. Twentieth i
Centu.-lcf. Pucks. liACIGALUPI. 033 Market.
DESKS and eafee; pee the rornpleie line at 1S16
Market, ab. V.-n Ner*. RICHARDSON BROS.
FAFES—New cntl se<?ond-hand. THE HER-
. MANN SAF"E CO.. SO7 Battery et.
JCHW «D<5 second-hand machinery of all kinds.
KT.OCH MFG. CO.. 013 Market rt.
HP XT' T T - /~\ XT' V"* 'T"^ TT^ A TV t T7^ T^ "T\ P< s\ 1^Alexander G. McAdie. the United
States forecaster in charge of the lo
cal weather bureau, delivered an in
teresting lecture on thunder and
lightning atorms before a large crowd
at the First Presbyterian Church. Van
Ness avenue and Sacramento street,
last night. The lecture was illustrat
ed with many superb stereopticon
views. .-• ¦ ¦ ¦: - .- ¦ . ;
Forecaster McAdie Lectures.
The Supreme Court declared -yester
day that E." S. Merriam; representing a
local real estate house, was entitled to
$750 of the estate left by F. C. Wicker
sham. It was claimed. that deceased
had contracted to pay $750 as com
mission provided that certain property
should be sold by the real estate peo
ple, and that when the sale had been
arranged Wickersham decided not to
sell and refused to pay thb sum agreed
upon. . . ¦*
Real Estate Firm Wins.
I VAL.LEJO. Jan. 12.— Commander James H.
Bull, United States navy, formerly on duty as
lighthouse inspector for the " Seventh District,
has reported for duty at Mare Island aa an aid
to Rear Admiral McCalla. . . -•. _,
Alfredo Colon and Pedro Rivera
were tried by different juries in Judge
Lawlor's court yesterday on a charge
of burglary and were convicted. They
will be sentenced dn Monday." They
were arrested in the jewelry store of
Giuseppi Licata, 508 Broadway, on
the night of November 15, by, Corporal
Fraher ;,and Policemen Silver and
Holmes. ;
Convicted of Burglary.
In the case of Howard C. Holmes
and Carl Uhlig vs. the State Board of
Harbor Commissioners United States
Circuit Judge' Morrow yesterday in
structed the jury to bring in a verdict
in favor of the defendant. The. suit
was. brought to recover $27,685 for in
fringement of a patent mode of wharf
construction. The defendants proved
that Holmes was In the employ of the'
State as engineer at. the time he did
the work and that the State was en
titled to his services.
Harbor Commissioners Win.
Thomas J. Duffy filed a suit yester
day, in the United States Circuit Court
against Jafet Lindeberg, John Brynte-
Bon and the Pioneer Mining Company
of Seattle to recover $1,580,000, the al
leged value of Kold taken by-defend
ants out of Duffy's mine, "No. 1 be
low Discovery, on Anvil Creek,"
Disputed Mining Salt.
I.PS.ANGEL.ES. Jan. 12. — A test of the pat
ent on the process of making roads dustlees by
the use of crude oil has been begun In the
United. States Circuit Court. The tent Is to be
made en a complaint against the town of Bad
lands asking $25,000 damages for infringement
upon a patent held by the Dustlees Roads
Company of Camden, N. J.
Died of His Burns.
John Foote. who accidentally set
fire to his bed last Sunday while smok
ing, a cigar in his room at 24 8 QTist
street, died at the Marine Hor/ltal
yesterday as the result of his injuries.
All druggists cell ADAMS' Irish Moss Cough
Balsam under a positive guarantee. 25c, 50c *
Reflueed rates en household roods to Ic from
l£c East A South. B«ktn's. 11 Montgomery st. *
LONDON.- Jan. 12— Inquiry indicates that
there is IHtl* hope that the Prince of Wales
will be able to attend the St. I»uls exposition.
Colonel Oscar F. Long Garrison Xo.
101 of the Army and Navy Union will
Kive its annual social and dance in the
Assembly Hall of the Alcazar building
this evening.. A good programme of
dances has been arranged by the floor
manager.
Garrison to Kntcrtain.
Carolina Bell, who purchased a
lodging-housp from Ernest and Cannie
Marchand and A. H. Retsloff last June
for 5800, filed a suit yesterday to re
rover her money and for $500 dam
ages against the Marehvinds and Rets
loff. She alleges that the defendants
deceived her.
Claims She "Was Deceived.
Reduction of 25 Per Cent
In our cloak and suit department during
January, cash or credit. Eastern Outfit
ting Co.. 1320-1328 Stockton St. •
The United States Civil Service Com
mission announces that examinations
will be held at San Francisco, April
13, for positions in the Government
Printing Office at Washington, D. C:
Bookbinder — Age limit (males only).
21 years or over. Compositor — Age
limits, male, 21 years. or over; female,
18 years or over. Electrotype finisher
— Age limit. 21 years or over. Elec T
trotype molder — Age limit, 21 years or
over. Pressman — Age limit (male
only), 21 years or "over.
Applicants for the positions of com
positor, pressman, bookbinder or elec
trotyper must show that they have
served at least flve years in the trade
iu which they desire to be employed,
three years oPwhich must have been
served- as apprentice and at least one
year as a Journeyman. No credit will
be allowed in the examination for
these positions for experience obtained
below the age of 14 years.
Persons who desire to compete
should apply to the United States Civil
Service Commission, Washington, D.
C., or to the secretary of the Consoli
dated Board of Examiners, 301 Jack
son street, for application form 1093,
which should be properly executed and
filed with the commission at Wash
ington.
Civil Service Examinations.
Bernard Cabrera, a young man re
siding at 1631 Broadway, attempted
to commit suicide yesterday afternoon
in a lodging-house at 223 Post street
by swallowing a quantity of cocaine.
Before the poison had taken effect he
called for help and was removed to
the Central Emergency Hospital,
where restoratives were applied. De
spondency over a love affair is given
as the cause of the attempted self
destruction. Cabrera will recover.
Tries to End His Life.
ern Pacific tlrkct agnais
?aji Ftanciseo-l**' Ang»les tickets, either di
rection, incladinc e*op and two days' entertain
ment «t Paso Rohi^s Hot Fprings Hotel, only
*23; S13.1O. 1'rivllep* of 30 days'
rtrapover. FV*t of far* at this famous hotel.
Curative mud or water baths from celebrated
hot sulphur spring?: excellent drives in beauti
ful hills: invigorailnc mountain air: warm run.
«hln*. Just th» piar» to reft. Inquire o* South-
Announcement of Special Rates,
Dewet is 32 years old. He said he
had been left penniless and know not
which way to turn while waiting for
another remittance.
OAKLAND, Jan. 12.— William De
wet, who claims the Boer general of
that surname as his uncle and Johan
nesburg, South Africa, as his home,
was taken to the Receiving Hospital
at 8:S0 o'clock to-night, suffering, ap
parently, from the effects of "knock
out drops." Dewet was picked up by
Policeman Sherry at the corner of
Broadway and Sixth street in a semi
conscious condition. After the patient
had revived at the hospital he said:
• "I came from the north yesterday
and got a remittance at the San Fran
cisco Postoffice from ' my home in
South Africa. This afternoon I came
to Oakland and the last I remember
was drinking a glass of beer with a
stranger. When I left San Francisco
I had a fine new overcoat with mCand
$20 in my .pocket. I do not know
what has become of the coat or the
money and I cannot remember where
I drank the beer or met the stranger."
Man Claiming to Be Xephew of Great
Boer General Is Given "Knock-^
out Drops."
F. R. Handtey, past grand com
mander of Fair Oaks Camp, was the
installing officer. Speeches were made
by Major Sues. Commander Ormsby
of Baker Camp. Oakland, and A. J.
Cloud, chaplain of Fair Oaks Camp.
Fair Oaks Camp installed the fol
lowing officers: Commander, George
L. Gould; senior vice commander, A.
L- Learn; Junior vice commander, F.
C. Reynolds. Lincoln Camp installed
the following: Commander, D. S.
Cahn; senior vice Commander, C. H.
Black; junior vice commander, L. R.
Vane.
Many Well Known 5Iembers of Mili
tary Organizations Deliver Short
> Speeches at the Ceremony.
Two camps of Sons of Veterans,
Fair Oaks No. 15 and Lincoln No. 16,
held a joint installation of their newly
elected officers at Red Men's Hall last
night. The hall was crowded with
visitors from other camps and mem
bers of well known organizations.
WILLIA5I DEWET FALLS
IXTO HANDS OF THIEVES
SOXS OF VETERAXS CA3IP
INSTALL THEIR OFFICERS
JOHN PARTRIDGE.
The communication follows:
Editor The San Francisco D»ar Sir:
1 notice In tnls morning's paper that th* hon
orable Mayor gchmltz Is published as having
said' that "the statemrot attributed to Mr.
Partridge I now denounce as a malicious llev"
This I understand was In reply to testimony of
mine frtven before a. -meeting- of * committee of
'the honorable Board of Supervlnors in regard
to his treatment of "the 'San Francisco Society
for the. Prevention of CrwMty to Animals and
his- appointing:, their nominee as pouiWkeoper.
In order that there may be no misunderstand
ing as to the question at Issue I will repeat
what I have before stated, that as one of- a
committee named by. the nocfety to call on
Mayor Schmltz I did. In the company of three
other Kentlomen, on the 2*th day of April. 1902.
call on the honorable gentleman at his office
in the City Hall and was nw«t cordially re
ceived by him. Ills praise of the arrange
ment and. management of the Animals' Home,
where the city's pound was then conducted,
was most gratifying-. H» then an-1 there re
peatedly promise u<i that he would do nothing
to interfere with am Institution so admirably
conducted and remarked that It was owing to
th« fact that It was conducted by business men,
and further remarked that It was a great pity
that other offices In this building (the City
Hall) were not In the hands of business men.
Owing to- the suaden death of our pound
keener. Mr. Walton, we Informed his llonnf
that we would ask. his Indulgence for a few
days' time to select the proper man for the
place and asked . to have our secretary ap
pointed In the interim. Mr. fcrnmltz then ap
t>ointed 'our secretary and told him to, file a
bond the following morning. We. then shook
hands and left the office.
The next morning when our secretary called
on the Fame gentleman In the sajne place h»
was told that he need not go to the expense
of filing a bond as he was about to appoint
a poundkeeper.
If, therefore-, the honorable gentleman is cor
rectly quoted as making the statement that he
never had a.ny conversation with me on the
su6ject I submit that I am not the liar Aid
furthermore I demand from him a full apology.
Referring to the statement that the pound
hag never been better and more fairly $yn
ducted than under his administration I would
refer him to the disgraceful quarters on th«
San Bruno road and to the sworn testimony
ot Mr. Irwln. given by Mr. Irwin before the
same committee of the board, in which he
stated that the place had never been even
whitewashed during the time ne has occupied
it. and that he released many animals on
orders from th* Mayor's office/
This Is something that the Grand Jury
might act ui>on. Very respectfully.
* John Partridge says Mayor Schmitz
must apologize to him for declaring
that Partridge lied if he eiid the
Mayor told him the pound hajjl been
well conducted under the Society for
the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals.
' Over his own siartature Partridge
reiterates his statement as to what he
says the. Mayor told him, stating: in
one portion of a communication writ
ten by him on the subject, "I submit
that I am not a liar and furthermore
I demand from him (the Mayor) a
full apology." ' . -
Reiterates Statement Over Signature
as to What He. Says Schmltz
Told Him.'
PARTRIDGE DECLARES THE
MAYOR MUST APOLOGIZE
. While we have balanced the books and are
enabled - to present to you the ; statements on
which we have been remarking, the books still
need a considerable amount of overhauling in
some particulars which do not bear on this de
falcation. - We notice, for •' Instance, that in
one of I the scholarship accounts the principal
sum and the income derived from It appear In
the same account, , as . also the > payments to
the beneficiaries of the scholarship. ; Aa a re
*ult the amount appearing In the balance
sheet is , Incorrect ; and misleading. The same
remark applies tr> the loan funds. • s
. The recommendations ai to changes of sys
tem which, we hare. had the honor of making
to ' ¦ the finance : ¦ committee have . • necessarily
been .enly of a "very general character.', and as
they have only .been considered . Incidentally, to
our Investigation of the books, we rare not yet
In a position to submit the forms 'and documents
which appear to be necessary and 7 which perhaps
are particularly needed' in the purchasing de
partment. (We *• have •¦ suggested, ¦ among . other
things, that the person In rhanre of. the. cash'
should be compelled to take vacations at stated
times; that the books should be so kept and the
financial statements : «>s prepared as to show
the: outsamilnc bills ana liabilities, and 'that
the business system should. b* placed as nearly
as -Dowible on the, footing of that: of* a 'large
' commercial •' enterprise. " ; •,:;¦' . •-•.. •• •"..¦'•
. By the time that the,- remaining points- in
connection, -with the defalcation have been
cleared up and we are ready to report on them,
we shall be ¦ prepared to > submit * at >th# . same
time the , outline of a. business * system- and'- a
!T1»e- deductions from the total credits-of the
scholarship - accounts renresent debit balances
and these dibit balances are caused by mis
appropriations;-excepting In the caSe of the
State of California* scholarships, which remain
intact. The amount standing at' the credit of
California Hall bids .represents I certain certi
fied checks which • have been tendered -with
the bids eent In and these will be returned in
due course. The balance standing at the
credit, of W. A. McKowen • is his available
bank balance at Berkeley, which he has hand
ed over to the university.'
' - It 'is useless • to dwell upon -the ' chortcorri
ings of the system which is employed In, the
office or on" the lax as well as dishonest man
ner in which- the secretary's work has- been
done.. Among the cheeks and other, remit
tances amounting to several thousand dollars
which went : found' in the secretary's safe, and
in his desk there were some small money or
ders which had been held for a long time and
In many "instances we find that he kept checks
In his possession for many months and then
deposited them with the treasurer. This would
Indicate that he did , not finally convert ; the
money to his own use until he actually need
ed It. . • - .
FAULTS OF THE SYSTEM.
- Referring to the balance sheet, the cash tn
th<» hands of the treasurer appears a* $8S,«
iJ.17 4'J. .but. as anoffset against this. ther<> is
an amount of o\-er $100,000 due to the treas
urer for advance payments made by him. This
advance, does not appear In the books of th$
university. hjthIii proving the inefficiency of th*
present system : of bookkeeping.
¦VVe are looking forward to. having a consulta
tion with the treasurer regarding a great many
matters before we finally report to you, and
we shall hope to suggest a means of incorpor
ating nil the transactions In the boks at th$
time when they occur. \
All the' savings bank depiisits. being th* In
vestments of crrtaln of the funds, have be«n
found to be Intact. As to the asset in the
balance «h«>et representing buildings, etc..
owned by th* university the deduction of $2000
from the total of thlo arises from the sale of
Oakland -Brooerty for $2000 more than the
amount at which the property stood In the
books, and the original value included certain
property In Alameda which is still unsold. The
debit of $-4032 -2.*», representing . the total of
donation, accounts, appears on thin sld* of the
balance .sh'et owing, to misappropriations af
fecting four of thfl accounts.. The account
representing \ a donation by ' Claus Spreck
els should have .appeared as $5749 87. "on the
other side of the accountants donation nf, $11,
673 83 having been withheld from this account
and credited to the department of medicine In
order that the latter • should . not • appear on
the books as having been, In receipt -of so f*w
funds, i r • ,
The former statement appears to call for the
following remarks: The balance against the
department of anthropology appears as $19,-
IMil IS: The minutes show that Mrs. Hearst in
tended to support this department herself, but
it is proved that out of ? 12.822 00 already con
tributed by her $8,522 00 has been misappropri
ated. Thus, supposing the $£522 90 to be a loss
to the university, there will remain $11, 43s "5
for which it will presumably depend on the
generosity of Mr*. Hearst. Th« matter Is men
tioned en account of Its bearing on the ulti
mate balance of. Income and expenditure ac
count t>f th* year. ¦ •
Anothrr debit balance Is that of the depart
ment of medicine, which amounts to $17,
31S 47. The sum misappropriated from this de-
I'nritupiit was; $26,841 J2. so that the books
*hotild have shown funds on hand to the extent
of $»4!12 65. The "profit and ' loss" item,
$1732 01, is not nn accumulation of balances,
but a jpecifh 1 amount of two or three years'
standing, and' thn account called ¦ revenue has
fulfilled the same function as does the profit
and inns arcount in the books of ordinary busi
ness enterprises.
To conclude our remarks on the income state
ment. we find that several minor adjustments
will have to be mad« In pom* of the Interest
accounts. Two dividends of $300 each, payable
In January, 1«>2. and in May. 1903. which have
never bc»n called for by the university, are now
In course of collection. • .
COIN* - MISAPPROPRIATED.
On beginning work on December 1«. 1M>3.
we found that the university ledger had
not been posted since June 30. 100 J.
and that the cash book had not been
written up, *o far as concerned money re
ceived. Fince AUKUst 31, l»03. We thought it
best to leave. the hooka exactly a> they stood
and opened a temporary set in which we have
continued the entries up to December. 24. 1003.
The accompanying schedules marked B ana
"C" under 6<i>arate cover embody th« income
and expenditure account from June 30 to ue
cember 1U. 1003, and the balance sheet or the
last mentioned date. Inasmuch as we, have
had to adhere to the old system, these ac^
counts represent the showing of the .bo° k j» as
on November 30, 1903. with the addition of all
receipts of which any record can be f°«»a
which had passed through the office of the
univerplty. ' . .
Before the accounts fell into arrears the s>«
tfm seems to have been that when the state
ments rendered monthly by the treasurer were
received at the office, then, and not till then,
the receipts of money during the month were
entered In the cash book, and. as has been al
ready Hated, these entries were made from a
distribution prepared by the secretary. *
These receipts included students' deposits,
fees and money received from other sources,
which had bcrn paid into the secretary's office
at Berkeley and later deposited wlfh the treas
urer; but It appears that the late secretary
never kept, any record of this In permanent
form, making his distributions, when the treas
urer's account came In. either from stubs of
receipts or loose memoranda or from memory-
Consequently seme little difficulty was found
in making the distributions to the proper ac
counts of the. treasurer's statements for Sep
tember. October and November, and our balance
sheet of December 24. J!*03, includes as a lin
billty a balance standing temporarily ac the
credit of suepense account. $31S3 S5. All of
this is in course of identifications. Most of it
has. in fact, been already disposed of and Tione
of It will affect the shortage, i
You will notice that neither in the income
statement nor In the balance sheet does any
account appear representing the shortage. In
other wqrds. these two statements represent ex
actly the showing of the books.
LEDGER NOT POSTED.
To the Regents of the University of Califor
nia— Gentlemen: In accordance with your in
structions we have made an examination ot
the books of, the State University. This, as
wilt be seen from th» report which we now
have the honor to submit. Is still incomplete
in certain particulars.
The accompanying schedule, which we have
marked "A," under separate cover, is a state
ment-of the defalcation of the late secretary,
which amounts to $51,429 23, si far as ascer
tained up ' to January 11. l«04. We have
marked It ••Provisional," because it is barely
possible that additions may have to be made
to it when one of the benefactors of the uni
versity, whom it has been necessary to ask
for particulars, has , b?en heard from. we
have also to complete our examination or the
cash disbursements fr,om January 1. uH>».
which has proved far more arduous than we
anticipated. Only two men at a time can be
employed to advantage on thU work, and.
owing to th? defects of the system which has
been Dursued. this examination of the vouch
ers will not be concluded to our satisfaction
until about ten days hence. We have -very
little expectation, howtver. that this will in
any way alter the figures which we now pre
sent- to you, for the reason that th« entire
shortage neems- -to have occurred through the
misappropriation of moneys received. Tne en
tries relating to- receipts, of cash' were -made
entlrtly from' particulars furnished to the
clerks in the ofrtce by the late secretary, and
this was never, done until the end of. each
month, when the treasurer's statement ™»s re
ceived. Particulars of the disbursement, on
the contrary, were open . to the Inspection ot
those in the office and were written up In the
cash Jiook so soon as the warrants on the
treasurer were drawn. Our examination so rar
lias dlcclcsjd nothing? irregular in the entries
relating to disbursements, and . we have pur
posely left them to the rlast. '- ¦ . . .•
For similar- reasons we have not yet veri
fied the payments representing students de
posits returned. These are ¦ all In puty
amounts, and although the secretary signed
the checks, the details were .made ud by the
professors and the clerks" tn the office ana
were, finally - accepted as correct, by the stu-.
dents. • • -. • ¦
defalcation of W. A. McKowen was
presented by the flnanee committee:
r* J - x a ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦•¦"* ¦ ' ¦ j. n r-i t . r> v t~- v>
Expert Accountants Present Elaborate^. Report to Finance Gom
mittee™Measures to Prevent Another Raid on Treasury— Surety
t>eciines to Pay the .Bond of $5000 Given by It
new scheme of accounts. We are, gentlemen,
yours very respectfully.
. *; KNIGHT, Mcl-AREN & GOODE.
ELABORATE SCHEDULE. ...
The schedule accompanying the re
port of the experts is an elaborate
document. Schedule A is a "pro
visional. statement of the. defalcation
of W. A. McKowen, secretary, so far
as ascertained, : up to January : 11,
1904." It contains a history of each
cheek, the number, date.^ the amount,
to 'Whom, payable and where deposited.
Some interesting facts are disclosed "in
the columrrof remarks. It -appears
that McKQwen took $6000 of the
$24,000 donated by D. O. Mills to the
Lick Observatory. The. donation of
$11,675 83 made bv Claus Spreckels
to the university was never credited as
a donation by Mr. Spreckels, .but was
credited on April 30, 1903, to depart
ment of medicine to conceal the short
age of funds in that account.
McKowen appropriated' to hfs own
uses the Levi Strauss scholarship,
Martha A Hallitaie donation, Alumni
Hall fund and Hearst scholarships.
Schedule B is a statement of the
income and expenditures. Schedule C
is, the balance-sheet, from which .it
appears that the university's mate
rial wealth on December 24, 1903, was
$3,481,723 47.
I AUDITOR LOSES SALARY.
The Regents decided that they would
not pay Auditor J. J. Herr any salary
for the - year 1903. The ¦ discussion
brought out the statement : from the
finance committee that Auditor Herr
did not demand payment. He ad
mitted that he had not examined the
books of the secretary. , A resolution
declaring the office vacant was adopted.
Regents Taussig, Dohrmann and
Budd wanted to be informed whether
the finance committee had directed
Herr to expert the books of the sec
retary. , ... ' ' ''¦
Regent Foster replied that it was the
auditor's duty, to examine the accounts.
In the course* of the reply the Regent
resented the implication that 'the
finance -committee was . seeking to
shoulder the blame for McKo wen's de
falcation on the auditor.
' Regent Taussig, chairman. of the Wil
merdlng School ' committee, ' reported
that Monday, February, 8, would,be.ob
served at the school ' as Founder's 'da>v
There will be Interesting . exercises on
that occasion. ' '. \
The Regents,-—at the suggestion of
the finance committee," directed that the
mortgages and Insurance . policies now
In the secretary's office at Berkeley be
deposited with .the treasurer at the
Union Trust Company.
/Regent John E." Budd' moved that the
election of. a secretary, be -made a •spe
cial order ¦ for the ' regular meeting > in
February, but withdrew the motion on
the suggestion o^ the finance committee
that no haste should be made.
EXPERTS REPORT.
¦ The following expert report on : the
ANOTHER FIGHT OX BONDS.
The university is the owner of fifty
three Montgomery avenue bonds. The
face value of each bond is $1000. The
interest computed amounts to as much
as the bond. It happens that the courts
have pronounced against the validity
of the bonds, and the university can
get neither interest nor principal on the
investment. The bonds were purchased
for the endowment fund many, many
years ago. There Is still a glimmer of
hope in the situation. S. W. Holliday,
lawyer, requests that" the bonds be
taken from the State treasury, where
they are now deposited 4or safe keep
ing, and placed in the Union Trust
Company. He engages to open up an
other battle in the courts and to sus
tain all the cost of litigation. If. he
loses the university will not suffer fur
ther loss, and if he wins the university
is to get half the par value pt the
bonds and all the accrued interest.
Some of the regents were of a mind to
propope thfee cheers for 'Holliday, but
no motion to the effect was made. The
proposition was accepted and the trans
fer of the bonds to the keeping of the
Union Trust Company was ordered.
At the session yesterday Dr. Rowell
was called to the chair. The rollcall
was responded to by President Wheel
er, John A.' Britton, I. W. Hellman, J.
B. Reinstein. Julius Taussig, Guy C.
Earl. John E. Budd, James A. Way
mire, Alden Andenson. F. W. Dohr
mann, Peter C. Yorke, Dr. Ellinwood
and A. W. Foster.
The proposed educational exhibit at
the St. IxiuiR Exposition was discussed.
President Wheeler rpported that 1600
square feet of space in the northwest
corner of the Building of Education
had been reserved for the exhibit of the
University of California. It was men
tioned that the expense of the exhibit
would be $3000. Regents Britton, Hell
man and Foster at once signified that
the money was not available. The
president was advised to hold on to the
space for thirty days. Lieutenant Gov
ernor Alden Anderson suggested that
application be made to . the California
Commissioners for means to malce the
exhibit.
He referred to the appropriation of
5130,000 at the disposal of the commis
sion to represent California at the ex
position. A motion requesting Dr.
Wheeler to hold the space for at least
a month flnaliy. prevailed.
It was announced that James D.
Angell. president of the University of
Michigan, would deliver the address at
Berkeley on" charter day. '¦ Later on
Albert" Shaw, editor -of the Review of
Reviews, will speak on the "Morals of
Trade." -'; V ''.".-
The regents of the State University
met at Mark Hopkins Institute yester
day afternoon and . devoted consid
erable th..e to the work of es
tablishing defenses to prevent an
other successful raid on the treasury.
The cheerless intelligence was imparted
to the board by A. W. Foster, chairman
of the finance committee, that the Pa
cific Surety Company had refused to
make good its bond of $5000 to Insure
the good conduct of W. A. McKowen, the
defaulting secretary. In this case the
ground of refusal to pay is that the
board did not notify the company.of the
defalcation within three months after
the date of the bond's expiration. As
the regents did not know of the defal
cation until the time limit had expired,
the notice was not given. Allusions to
surety company methods In the general
Interchange of views were not compli
mentary. The board being well equipped
with good lawyers may. make things
decidedly interesting for the surety
company. There is a report to the ef
fect that the regents intend to raise the
money among themselves to-make good
the defalcation of the secretary, hence
it is probable that nothing will be left
undone to force the surety company to
pay $5000 a year for three "years.
A grand rally of all the/lawyers on
the board is to be held wnortly to con
sider the Turner mortgage. Among
those scheduled or invited to attend the
proposed conference are Regents Gar
ret W. McEnerney, Charles W; Slack,
Guy C. Earl. James A. Waymire,
Charles S. Wheeler and J. B.'Reinstein.
The* story is current that Major Mhoon,
as attorney of the board, neglected to
observe some little formality in the
loan of $40,000 of the university's money.
A mortgage on Turner's land in Merced
County was taken to secure the loan!
There is a muddle of some kind con
nected with the transaction and the
new attorney of the regents, Charles
E. Snook, is to be reinforced by the ag
gregate advice of all the legal lumina
ries of the regency.
REGENTS REVIEW THE DEFALCATION
OF FORMER SEGRETARY W. A. McKOWEN
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL/ WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 13, li904.
A good cure for fever -blisters on a
girl's mouth is for her mother to stay
in the. room when men call on her.
J. . Blackett Whitney. 120 Sutter
street, secured a warrant from Police
Judge Fritz yesterday for the arrest
of Rennie Thorsch oh a charge of
misdemeanor embezzlement. • Thorsch
was employed by him as a packer and
shipper and he alleges that he gave
him several bills to collect on Novem
ber,30.- The bills .were collected, but
Thorsch neglected -to deliver up the
money.
Thorsch Accused of embezzlement.
16
, Complete local and consti tutiov 1 1 trettmeat
for every humor from pimple* to scrofula,
'from Infancy to «ge. consisting of Coticcka
,. Soap. OiMTicxirr. and Pill*. m»y now b« had
' of all druggists for one dollar. - » "
Will rejoice in the knowledge
that warm baths with Cuticura
Soap and gentle applications^
of Cuticura Ointment, the
great skin cure, will afford in-
stantv relief, permit rest .and
sleep,' and point to a -.speedy
cure when all else fails.
Worn out with the Care
of-Skiri-Jortured
Babies
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADV3BTISEMENTS. :^'' "... .
clotheET^
TIP TOP '
At low down •prices— -value
prices. Man, boy or child
clothed at Brown's gets full
return for his % dollars in;
styles suitable { to season ;
and in fabrics and finishes;
unapproachable; elsewhere.
K 4 ¦ . ¦ '
PONT BE, EXTMVAGANT
516518 MARKET St noS&omery
This week we will\place on sale a larae shipmsnt of
"FRENCH CHIFFON SAMITE," 44 Inches wide in a
full llns of the new colors for 1904. This is an Im-
ported Silk and Wool material of a fceautlful soft
and sheer texture and very Man silk luster. We
aP3 showing two styles of this cloth— on3 plain, the
other a* small dot effect.
price $1.25 Yard
Fancy Wool Waitings.
Ourentir3 stock of FANCY WOOL WA1STINGS in Wool
Oxfords, Cheviots, Prunellas, Armures and Crepes in
a good variety of colorings.
Reduced to 50c Yard
roratr prices 73c and 85o yd.
BlacK Dress Fabrics.
In pur BLACK GOODS DEPARTMENT we Will
Offer this wesk 75 NOVELTY DRESS PATTERNS In
strlpad Camel's Hair, Panama Cloth, Camel's Hair
Boude, Noppa Zihellne, Pebble Camel's Hair and
Wlra Cloth.
At $7.50 Pattern
BejpHar value $10.50 and $13 JO.
15 pieces BLACK "VOILE MlSTRAL,"-45 InGhes wide.
Price 50c Yard
BegTilar prlca 75c yd.
AUREMNANTS 4 and SHORT LENGTHS of Colored and
Black Dress Gools markedat about half price.
TSJ/"\T^r7 Orders by mail receive prompt attention.
l^lV-/ 1 C/ Ail orders for samples or goods filled
r=== and shipped same day they are received
ill, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
r . . . , . . ADVERTISEMENTS. . ,
The quality remains long after the price is forgotten.
Ten times the value of any other stove for about one-
half the price.
Never since the first time fire was put into a pot have
there been such stove offers as our department is now
making. This week we offer a Quick-Meal Steel Range—
a range lined with asbestos and covered with steel, a range
that has no equal In all the world— and we offer It at less
than the price of an ordinary castiron stove with which
our grandmothers used to have trouble In boiling water.
You have not seen a good stove till you have seen the
•'QUICK-MEAL"
"The Credit Honse" 233-235-23 ?Post;?St.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
\\j onic
S h o e s
i We are forced to vacate
B In a few days— our store
| has been rented— and" we
3 MUST sell our stock. This
} Is why we are offering the
I Greatest Shoe
Bargains in
This City at
j East's'.
1 Removal Sale
I 104-110 GEARY STREET.
i — — —^— — — —— — — - — — -__ __ ___ ___ —
Brou^idtabI
1 ARROW* BRAN Dl
1 15 CENTS, 2 FOR 25 CENTS I
3 „ _ CLU£ U. «*BOOV * CO ii
gg Mifara ot Onett and Monarch SilrU I