I THE THSATXBS.
Alcazar — "A Lady of Quality."
California— "H«ppy Hooligan."
Central— "Mcnte Cristo."
ri»cher'»— "I. O. U."
Grand — "The Read Walters."
Orphetua — Vaudeville.
The Chutes — Vaudeville.
TlvoU Opera-House— "Ixion."
Columbia— "The Girl Wita the
Green Eyes."
SAN FRANCISCO, ; MONDAY, JANUARY 4, • 1904.
. BUENOS AYBES, Jan. 3.— A dis
patch from Montevideo says that a rev
olution has broken out In thts Depart
ment of Maldonado and that a state ot
siege has been proclaimed throujlout
the entire republic o! Urcruay.
Serious Rising in Maldonado District
Against the 3Iontevidio
Government.
REPUBLIC OF URUGUAY
IX STATE OF SIEGE
BOSTON, Jan. Z.— With the mercury
hovering around the zero mark in this
city and reaching an extreme of 35 de
grees below in Northern Maine; with a
foot of snow piling up at, exposed points
Sn huge drifts that delayed railroad
traffic, caused the abandonment of
street railway schedules and in many
cares interfered with the street lighting
systems. New/England slowly emerged
to-day from the clutches of the wildest
blizzard that has swept this part of the
country since the memorable storm of
November, 1SD8.
The gale, accompanied by a blinding
fall of snow, swept the coast from
Newport. R. I., to Eastport, Me., until
noon to-day/ when it move eastward
and to-night was raging: with almost
unprecedented violence over the mari
time provinces. New Brunswick and
Nova Scotia suffered the most.
Double patrols of* life-savers are
watching the coast to-night, as they
have for the past thirty, hours. Only
Continued on Pasc 2, Column 1.
Continued on rase 3, Column 1.
Continued on Page 2, Column 2.
BALTIMORE. Aid.. Jan. 3.— A broken
rail caused the derailment of three cars
of an eastbound train on the Western
Maryland Railroad to-day near Blue
Mountain. House Station, cast of Ha
gerstown. Md. Two persons were killed
and thirty injured." The women's coach,
which was the last of the t,rain, rolled
ovcr'and over down the mountain-side,
a distance of 'eighty feet, and landed
bottom upward, j
.' ¦ Katherine Sencr, . S years old, daugh
ter of a Baltimore newspaper man. died
In . the arms of the conductor after
being taken from the wreck. . TAn un
known .woman was so wedged in the
wreckage that her body is unrecog
nizable.-;. . .
2 Mrs. Sener, mother of the dead child.
was "perhaps fatally Injured. Her son
also was injured. None of Hhe other
passengers are believed to have sus
tained serious injuries
The train of five care and an engine
was making fifteen miles an hour when
the accident occurred. All except the
women's car ' passed safely over the
broken raiL
Two Killed and Thir
ty injured in Mary
land Wreck.
"Japan means business, without waiting for the; convenience of others, If Russia feels ag
grieved, a" fortnight should show; the extent to/which she Will 'venture.'* The interest, should begin
to center nearer Seoul than Tok»o within ten days. ; : ? u :,v '-:¦ •'- :,-; -; -^v;
"It is thought, despite her bluster, that Russia will take no immediate : action . to prevent
Japan doing 'what she thinks proper to safeguard her interests in Korea:"
Tile foregoing probably refers to the dispatch; of the; ".squadron ; to Masampho. .•/- A'dmiral
Kumimura's squadron consists of the armored cruisers Asama, Tokiwa, - Adzuma, Iduzme, Iwate
and Yakumo, all with a speed of from twenty to twenty-three knots.. • .' i
Accordihg to the .Standard's Tokio correspondent, -Japan,', at 'the end of December, notified the
powers and the United States of the' actual position of .the -negotiations, ; at the same time intimat
ing that the continued occupation of Manchuria ".might- compel Japan' to take decisive steps for the
protection of her vital interests in Korea. , . - , ;p^ "'.,, .. . l v . ; . . , - : .^,
The Shanghai correspondent ; of r the;DaiIv%Mail asserts that /the Waiwauhu. ; or" Chinese For
eign Board, has received a. definite communication from St. •¦.¦•Petersburg to the effect that Russia in
tends to retain 'Manchuria'.'''
The Standard's ".Tientsin correspondent 'says' /'that as' a -result of Japan's, inquiries as to China's
attitude in^ the event of "war :it is^ . stated: that "the: throne :,has ? issued 'secret orders to Chinese' troops
i ..•..¦ •.••..'•¦.....; >< ,» i;
LONDON, Jan. 4.— "Don't look for a declaration of Avar," says the Daily/Telegraph's Tokio
correspondent, in a "dispatch which apparently throws considerable - light upon the plans of the
Japanese Government. Continuing, he says: -A • ' V.^
"The Japanese are quite determined and several days ago took steps to secure certain of their
Korean interests. Russia will not be allowed: to occupy Korean ports, and certainly neither Mokpho
nor Masampho, both of these ports being protected against seizure.
Storm Rages in East
ern States and
¦ Canada.
OFFICIAL WHO IS DIRECTING RUSSIA'S FAR; EASTERN WAR OPERATIONS, FAMOUS JAPANESE SOL
* DIER AND MAGNIFICENT, NEW BATTLESHIP : WHICH THE JAPANESE GOVERNMENT IS RE
PORTED TO HAVE PURCHASED FROM / THE ; CHILEAN REPUBLIC. ...
CAR ROLLS
DOWN THE
MOUNTAIN
BUZZARDS
AND ZERO
WEATHER
*"I note that Mr. Dresrcr attempted, in
the shipbuilding inquiry, to justify or
cxcu*e his borrowing from the Trust
Company of the Republic by charging
ihat *uch transactions arc common-^r,
at least, not uncommon — in other in
stitutions. The information* at my com
mand regarding, such alleged practices
warrants absolute contradiction of Mr.
Dresser on this point. Twice in each
year every trust company is required
• It was impossible, however, to avert
ail of the ccnscQuencea of the ill-judged
and reckless commitments in which the
company had become inx'olvtd, and it
preserved Us solvency 'only by cutting
He capital in two. Its losses on ac
coant of investments in the shipbuild
ing: folly and from loans upc-n ship
building collateral aggregated nearly
$300,000, and. with other minor losses
end depreciations to investments, wiped
out the company's entire surplus and
ut-cctsitated the sacrifice by stockhold
ers of cnc-half of their holdings. Over
» million dollars was charged to profit
and lor*.
ALBANY. N. T., Jan. 3.— Drastic
comment upon the conduct of the Trust
Company cf the Republic in connection
with the affairs of the United States
Shipbuilding Company is a feature of
the annual report of Superintendent
Kilbourn of the State Bank Depart
ment, made public to-night.
"Upcn the first intimation that the
trust company had made unusual com
mitments in the case," says Kilbourn,
"a special inquiry was instituted by
me to ascertain the facts, and I was
amazed to find that undertakings had
been entered into and liabilities in
curred vhich not only jeopardized the
solvency of the trust company, but
flagrantly transgressed the law.
"The company had made numerous
loans without collateral other than
Ehipbuilding stocks and securities, one
of them to Mr. Dresser, the president of
the company, and to Mr. ICixon, for
nearly a million and three-ouarters of
dollars. It had, besides, fvuaranteed
loans made by other institutions taMr.
Drerser and Mr. Nixon, amounting to
$2,000,000.
DIRECT VIOLATION'S OF LAW.
"I required, under the iilteraative
that the company be referred at once
to th» Attorney General for proceedings
in insolvency to be instituted against
it. that th*»re be some very thorough
stra.:?;ktcn!ngr out of the trust com
pany's afTiiirs. The direct loan to Mr.
Dreeser and to Mr. Nixon was excessive
under th« !aw, regardless of Mr. Dres
ser's official relation to th» company,
and to h!m it was more than ten times
the amount that could lawfully be
Icarsed. Under my insistence $500,000
of it V.-SLS soon raised, the leans for
S2.000.POO guaranteed to other institu
tions r.-ere taken up, ar.a iater the bal
ance cf the Dresser aad Nixon note
to the Trust Company of the Republic
t\*s paid in full. This seemed to me
a far better pro reeding than to refer
ih<j company to the Attorney General
Fummarily, for it recovered nearly
54,000.000 that, in the other alternative,
might have proved a ioss. Moreover]
one plan fcr reorganizing the shipbuild
ing trupt would have Involved a Iocs
cf $200,000 to the trust company if car
ried through, which, however, was ob
j-.ctcd to aad finally abandoned.
STOCKHOLDERS' HEAVY LOSS.
Directors of Collapsed Loan Associa
tion Also Arraigned for Alleged
Frauds Upon the Public.
Strong reinforcements will be sent to
the Bayano and Darien districts to
morrow.
KINGSTON, Jamaica. Jan. 1— The
United States cruiser Topeka and the
torpedo-boats Truxtun and Stewart,
having finished coaling, sailed this
morning for Colon.
Although no further information nag
been received marines are under orders
to be ready to move at a moment's no
tice.
The condition of the camp at Empire
has greatly Improved. Major I>Jeune.
commanding the camp, occupies the
former residence of Senor Bunau-Va
rilla on the hilltop.
IXDIANS TO REPORT INVASION*.
Panamaian soldiers are scouting the
horder. Special reliance is placed upon
friendly Indians in the interor, who
have promised the American officers to
give notice of any advance by Colom
bians. It is believed the Indians couli
send word through not less than a fort
night before the Invaders could reach
the railroad.
Under orders from Rear Admiral
Glass, detachments of marines sta
tioned at Empire and Basoblspo started
to-day on scouting trips along trails
¦which the Colombians could take in an
invasion of Panama. They found the
progress necessarily slow, as the
streams are still swollen from rains and
many fords were difficult.
All existing roads are being examined
to decide upon the available points at
which to make a stand In the event of
a Colombian invasion- It 13 generally
believed that Colombia mu3t make a
move soon.
3IARIXES DO SCOUT DUTY.
arrived at Colon this morning, bringing
600 marines, under command of Briga
dier General Elliott. She had an excel
lent voyage, making the trip out from
Philadelphia in six days. There are
now 1200 marines cm the isthmus — one
of the largest forces of American ma
rines ever gathered at one point.
General Elliott made a quick tour of
inspection along the line of railroad to
determine upon a new site for the ma
rine camps. It is probable the choice
of location will be cither Paraiso, on
the hill about a mile from the railroad
track, or the canal company's hospital
on the heights commanding the city of
Panama. j
SAN JUAN, P. R., Jan. S. — Governor
Hunt ha3 received advices from Wash
ington countermanding the order to
dismount the remaining mounted Porto
Itlcan troops. From this fact, coupled
with the constant drilling of the troops,
it ijrtnferred that the Porto Rlcan regi
ment soon will be ordered to proceed to
Panama.
PANAMA. Jan. 3.— The cruiser Dixie
Special Cablegram to The' Call and X«w Tort
. Heral*. Copyright, 1WM, by the N«w Turk
Herald Publishes Company- =¦" , *¦ c
With Cruiser Dixie's Arrival at Colon
There Are Now Twelve Hundred
Marines on the Isthmus.
Bank Superintendent Reveals
Methods Disastrous to
Stockholders.
Sudden Change in Instruc
tions From the War
Department.
Island Garrison Ex
pects Order to Go
to Panama. .
Trust Company of the
Republic Scored
in Report.
MAY SEND
SAN JOAN
REGIMENT
MILLIONS
LOANED TO
OFFICIALS
SHANGHAI, Jan, 3*~- Chinese cruisers here are preparing for active service. They are taking
on board ammunition and supplies. They will reniain here for orders/ It is asserted that Russia has
notified the Peking Government definitely of her intention to retain Manchuria and that China will be
come Japan's active ally.
CHINESE SQUADRON PREPARES FOR ACTIVE SERVICE AS AN ALLY OF JAPAN
MIKADO WILL SAFEGUARD KOREA WITHOUT AWAITING REPLY OF RUSSIA
VOLUME XCV— NO. 35.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
The San Francisco Call.
TEZS TSTE 4TES3i *
forecast made (S'^B^a^Jra^
Cisco fcr thirty boar* ending *t
m!ds.*zlit Jaanary 4:
Sen ZTcaclsso aad vicinity—
Clondr Hondiy; prob&bly sho-ar
cra: :igrtt noathvntit wind.
G K. WXX.2.SOIT.
- Local Forecaster.General Yuan Shi Kai, commander
in-chief of the Chinese army and navy,
has memorialized the throne, praying
to be relieved of all his minor offices so
that he may devote all his energies to
the reorganization of the army. ?
While the Government is determined
to remain neutral' as lon^ as possible, it
fully recognizes the possibility of be
coming involved In the event of war.
JAPAX ; WILL NOT DELAY.
Receipt of Russia's Reply to Be the
Signal for Prompt Action.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 3.— Cablegrams
received here to-day from Tokio show
the situation in the Far East to be iin- x
changed, and at a late hour to-night it
was declared. at the Japanese Legation
that nothing had occurred to dispel the
gloomy view -taken there of* the. pros
pects .for peace. The ract that Taka
hira, the Japanese Minister, regards the
situation .as extremely critical does riot
prevent him hoping that a way may
yet be found 'W which" the uuestlons
between Russia and Japan could be set
tled without recourse to arms.
The Japanese Government,. It is said,
Is not anxious for war, and throughout
the negotiations has endeavored to re
press all war talk. Japan will await
patiently the Russian- reply, and will
not delay, after receiving the note, in
announcing her future course. It \s
said that substantial concessions must
Will Be Submitted to Tokio Foreign
Office Within a Few Days.
RUSSIA'S REPLY NEARLY READY.
ST. PETERSBURG, Jan. 3. — Diplo
matic circles confidently expect that
the Russian answer to the Japanese
proposals will be handed to the Japan
ese Foreign Office by Baron de Rosen,
Russian Embassador to Japan, within
a very few days, and tlo not expect
grave results.
In other quarters the conciliatory
attitude of both Governments inspires
the belief that the answer will pave
the way to further negotiations, if, in
deed, it does not directly lead to a
pacific settlement of the trouble. ;~* - i
The characteristic tone In the press
to-day is the doubt about the attitude
of the United States in the event of a
war between Russia and Japan. The
Birshewja Vedomosti elaborates upon
American power in the Pacific and the
proximity of the Philippines and For
mosa and says:
"It is no secret to any one in Eu
rope that the position of the United
States in' the East Asiatic crisis re
mains Jilghly problematical."
The Russ. a new Journal made up
of former employes of the Novoe
Vremya, handles the theme in a simi
lar manner. \ .;.._,.
The Novoe Vremya expresses ill will
toward the United States In a long
leader about the alleged instructions
given American Consuls In Russia to
report upon the prospects of renewed
anti-Semitic disorders, and in a curi
ous editorial opposes the sale of the
Manchurian Railway, whether to the
United States or China, which, It de
clares, is advocated in some quarters
here.
All of the newspapers here to-day
copy from the organ of the War Min
istry a belated, and, therefore, all the
more significant, order of the day pub
lished by Admiral Alexieff after the
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALIENTES. Nev.. Jan. 3.— Advices
from the country near the Moapa res
ervation tell of more depredations by
Piutes. and indicate that the redskins
are still In an ugly mood, caused by the
prospective execution of . one of their
number. Threats were made sometime
ago that if the Indian, now under sen
tence of death fOY murder, was hanged
the Piutes and other Indians in Nevada
would take the warpath and attempt to
exterminate the whites.
According to the latest information
from the disturbed district another war
dance has been held, isolated settlers
have been attacked and prospectors
Journeying alone have. been tfhased by
the marauders. V
Robert Warring, a miner, who cam*
out of the Arrow Canyon range into
Meadow Valley after a prospecting trip,
had a brush with the redskins, and
narrowly escaped with his life. He en
countered a party of about a dozen In
dians who, when some distance away
from him. made signs that they wanted
whisky. He paid no attention to them
until they started to gallop toward him
and he saw that they were decked with
war paint. He put spurs to his horse
and attempted to escape. The Indians
pave chase and fired several shots at
the prospector. Warring, after a chase
of several miles, came to an outcrop
ping of rocks and took refuge behind
this. He was armed with a rifle and
fired at the Indians as they approached.
The savages dismounted and scattered,
but did not attempt to surround the
rocks. A few shots were exchanged
and the hostiles finally left the scene.
Warring, after waiting till nightfall,
ctmtinued his journey and met with no
further molestation.
A family living on Brown's Ranch at
the foot hills of the Arrow Canyon
range is reported to have been driven
from home by the Indians, who are said
to have stolen their cattle. The region
affected Is very sparsely settled, and
definite news Is difficult to obtain.
composed of Russian and American traders.
It will be news to San Francisco whaJeship
owners to learn that the Cossack commander
In Northeastern Siberia has revoked the order
prohibiting whaleships from trading on that
part of the coast, and in consequence they
¦will be oermltted to trade with the native*.
There le a prohibition, however, on whlsJcy.
which will not .be allowed on ths Siberian
•hore.
Squadron Is Held at Btzerta.
BIZERTA. Tunis, Jan. 3.— The Rus
sian cruiser Aurora sailed to-day for
Alexandria, but in accordance with
telegraphic instructions the remainder
of the srtudron destined for service In
the Far East has postponed Us depart
ure. ". .
JAPAX "MUST TAKE WARSHIPS.
Italy Objects to Further Responsibility
for Vessels at Genoa.
ROME, Jan. 3.— Italy has - Insisted
that the Japanese Government take,
possession of the Kasaga and Niasin,
the warships built at Genoa for the
Argentine Republic, and purchased by
Japan. In taking this action the Ital
ian Government desires to prevent the
Russian Government being compelled
tb ask for the confiscation of these;
vessels In the event of a conflict, as it
is Italy's wish to maintain the strict
est neutrality.
In view of the complications in the
far East, the Ministers of Marine and
Foreign Affairs have ordered another
warship to be kept in readiness to Join
the Italian spuadron there.
OUTLOOK IS DEPRESSING.
Prospect or War Is Having an Effect
on Russian Bonds.
LONDON, Jan. 3.— :The desponden
cy in connection with the situation in
the Far East is at last beginning to be
felt on the Paris Bourse with the re
sult that Russian, bonds which have
only fallen about 3 per cent since Sep
tember last are now affected by the
depressing Influence surrounding the
foreign market.
On the Stock Exchange Chinese se
curities have been heavily sold on
Berlin account, but the Berlin Boerse
Is still optimistic. With such a
Battleship Sail* From Algeria.
ORAN, Algeria. Jan. 3. — The Russian
battleship Emperor Nicholas I and the
torpedo boat destroyer Abbek have
sailed for China.
JAPAX WILL FIC3HT WELL.
Traveler's Observations Regarding the
Czar's and Mikado's Fighting Men.
William Benjamin Jones, a Califor
nian, who eight years ago left San
Francisco for Alaska, arrived In this
city on Saturday, after having passed
the last year and a half in Northeast
ern Siberia, where he was prospecting.
On his travels Jones has been en
abled to form an opinion of the Japan
ese, for whom he professes the highest
respect. He admires them as soldiers
and believes that should Japan engage
in war with Russia the Tartar would
find a hard fighter in the little brown
man.
Jones said yesterday when discussing
the prospect of war:
A conflict Is Inevitable between Japan and
Russia. The Utter seeks to possess Korea,
which ambition the Japanese oppose with de
termination. Besides that controversy, there
Is keen feeling of resentment by the Japanese,
arising out of the fishing question, as a num
ber of Japanese schooners have been siezed
by the Russian*, who claim that the Jap
anese fishermen have encroached on their fish
ing grounds. . • ,
From my personal observation, the Russians
will meet a foe superlqr to anything they
dream of. I believe In the event of war that
the Japanese would ' be victorious. •
The Japanese have a standing army of 130.-
CCO and a good navy, and they have their ships
practically In the waters where the conflict
would take place. They are fatalists and all of
the same mind and in my opinion will fight like
the Boers, with the added advantage that they
have a well-equipped and intelligently manned
navy. . ¦
In case of an attempted invasion, th* pop
ulation, which practically lives on the sea
coast, would contribute a million of men to
protect that coast. The Japanese are splen
didly drilled and up to date, which was proved
in the advance on Peking when they passed
tb© Russians and met. the Chinese and sur
prised the combined armies of the world with
their valor.
THE JAPAN'ESE SOLDIER.
Again, the Japanese eoldlers are active and
educated and to a certain extor.t understand
tho Enellsh language. They adopt the new
est of methods and through their success over
China they believe they are equal to any na
tion on earth as fighters. They are extremely
well fed on their national diet, which con
sists chiefly of rice, flsh, fruits and vegeta
bles.
Two-thirds of the male population of
Russia is subject to call for military
duty. 1 Their pay I s ridiculously small,
being no more than three or four rou
bles, or $1 50 to $2 American money, a month.
Their ' food consists of black bread and salt
n>h and they are Inveterate cigarette smokers.
They do not knbw the value of life and are
utterly ignorant of civilized customs. Fear,
Instilled into them from childhood, makes
them loyal, as a frown or whisper, they fear,
will .land them in the home of the exlle^ —
bleak, dreary Siberia. This acts as a fearful
menace. These people i are ruled by a rod of
iron and it Is fear that keeps them from going
headlong aeainst their Government.
I waa told by an English officer in Yoko
hama that he witnessed from his ship the
drilling of Russian marines. He was horrified
to see the drilling o'fleers with whips, driving
the men around like so many horses. People
who have witnessed these cruelties do not be
lieve that the men so treated. will fljcht Ilka
the patriotic Japanese, who are treated with
consideration. .
The completion of the Siberian Railway and
its extension to Port Arthur Is a strong fac
tor for Russia. Coal has been piling up there
as fast as ships could carry it for several
years, and there is . no doubt that she is well
prepared for trouble.
RUSSIA'S FOKTIFIED PORTS. .
There is a Rueslan force available to-day be
tween Port Arthur, and Vladivostok of 100.
000 men. Both those ports are almost Impreg
nable, and Japan In case of success In a naval
encounter, would endeavor to land soldiers- at
one of the numerous uncarrljjoned points on
tne i»hor« line. ' :
I have travelel frcm.the border*, of Korea
to above the Arctic circle on the Siberian
shore. It U a vast unexplored- district, prac
tically defenseless and ungarrtsoned, with the
exception of a few Cossacks here and there.
The shore line extends something like a dis
tance of 300O miles and Is sparsely populated
by natives, who. from close observation, are,
I should say, descendants of Qilnese. As a
rule they have very little use for the Rus
sian, under whose rule they chafe.
Of late this population, which depends on
bartering its whalebone. Ivory, fox and bear
skins to American whale ships, has been de
prived to a great extent of tho advantages of
this trading, owing to concessions having been
let and trading posts established by a company
MILLIONS LGANEO TO OFFICIALS.
The Canadian stampeders have taken
along an American named Montgomery
to be recorder and magistrate in order
that twentv-acre hydraulic claims un
der the United States law may be offi
cially fiJed. The chief creeks are Ptar
migen. Snag, Ladue and Anderson.
The strike recently reported is gain-
Ing in importance and the stampede has
begun. Two men arrived yesterday In
Dawson with $1200 worth of coarse gold
dust, and their reports of the country
are glowing.
Part of the new district is known to
be in Canada, but which portion lies In
Alaska and which in Canada is furnish
ing prospects for difficulty. Fully 200
stampeders are now on their way in.
They are armed with more than a hun
dred extra powers of attorney, and
6mall parties of men will try to blanket
.the rich creeks.
VANCOUVER, B. C. Jan. 3.—Trou
ble may be in prospect for miners who
are starting out for the new White
River country to blanket claims along
the rich creek, says a dispatch to-night
from Dawson.
Special Dispatch to The- CSdl.
Cattle Are Stolen and Fami
lies Are Driven From Their
Homes by the Marauders
Americans and May
Clash Over the Effort to
Blanket the Rich Claims
MINER FIGHTS SAVAGES
PORTLAND, Jan.. 3. — Significant of
the likelihood of war between Russia
and Japan is the raising of the Orien
tal, flour rate by all the trans-Pacific
lines. An -agreement between the
Portland, San Francisco and northern
lines was reached, fixing $5 as the
February tariff. However, as the
agreement was not signed, the San
Francisco companies backed down to
the extent of a dollar. The Puget
Sound lines so far have stood by the
advance. The Portland and Asiatic
Company has made no announcement
of its intentions. It is safe to say that
if It finds the $5 rate cannot be main
tained it will fix its tariff at $4. A
settlement of the matter is expected
to-morrow. , General Freight Agent
Miller of the Oregon Railroad and
Navigation Company Is now in San
Francisco and ¦ a telegram from him
announcing a fixed rate for February
shipments is expected at any moment.
The advance in the flour rate from
$3 is attributed entirely to the pros
pect of war in Asia. It Was reported
on the water front yesterday that
Laidlaw & Co. had withdrawn their
bids made to the Government for the
transportation of fodder to the Philip
pines upon the contract expected to
be awarded to Portland grain and hay
dealers. The reason for the with
drawal was stated to be the imminence
of war in the Far East. Inquiry at the
office of the company brought out the
response that a telegram to that effect
had been received from the steamship
owners in London, but it was counter
manded soon after and the offer to the
Government will hold good for a few
days longer.
Trans-Pacific Companies Adopt Tariff
Because of War Rumors.
FLOUR RATE IS RAISED.
TROUBLE IS IX PROSPECT
Big Stampede Begins in the
North Toward White River
Country Treasure ¦ Lands
The Times' Shanghai correspondent
says the American syndicate has
ordered the suspension of work on the
Canton and Hankow railroad, with the
exception of the seventeen-mile Fat
shan section, which was recently
opened. This stop, the correspondent
says, probably has been taken pending
the issue of negotiations which are
still proceeding with reference to the
separation of the Belgian and Ameri
can interests in the railway.
The same correspondent says that a
native journal is publishing the full
text of telegrams which passed be
tween Li Hung Chang and the Tsung
li-yamen (Chinese Foreign Office) in
April, 1S96. when Li Hung Chang was
at St. Petersburg, arranging for a
Manchurian railway convention. These
dispatches show that Russia threaten
ed to ally herself with Japan unless
she were granted facilities to construct
the railway, which she represented as
Intended to facilitate the dispatch of
troops for the protection of Russian
and Chinese territory against the ag
gression of . other powers, principally
Japan. The local Japanese officials
are profoundly impressed by these doc
uments, which, says the correspondent,
are undoubtedly genuine. He adds
that the publication of the documents
cannot fail to Intensify Japanese irri
tation.
Tho Times' Shanghai correspondent
says that both the Russian and the
Japanese Governments are buying sil
ver, principally In dollars, In Shanghai
and Hongkong for shipment to the
north.
"The situation is extremely critical.
Russia maintains profound silence.
Failing some conciliatory action on
the Dart of Russia, of which there is
now no appearance whatever, Japan
will certainly adopt within a few days
active measures to secure her vital in
terests. After this, war will become
very difficult to avoid."
The Daily Telegraph's Tokio corres
pondent announces that the British
cruiser Circuis has been ordered to
Chemulpo as a precaution against dis
turbances at Seoul, but that the war
ship will not land forces unless re
quested to do so by the British consul,
for the purpose of protecting the lega
tion.
to assist the Japanese. It is pro
posed that a Chinese army of 40,000
men under Japanese officers would in
that case proceed to the Llaotung
peninsula.
The Daily Graphic claims to have the
highest authority to deny that Ger
many has entered into any understand
ing with Russia or any other power af
fecting her neutrality in the event of a
Russo-Japanese war.
The Daily Mail is authority for the
statement that King Edward greatly
admires the Japanese and is using
eVery effort in the direction of peace.
The Chefu correspondent of the Morn
ing Post cables as follows:
"Under the impression that the lay
ing of the foundation of the Standard
Oil Company's new premises here was
a. bluff, designed to cover the erection
of a fort, Russia sent a cruiser to in
vestigate. The officers landed and took
measurements, after which thev pro
ceeded to Port Arthur. In well-in
formed circles it is alleged that Russia
covets Chefu."
The Daily Telegraph's Tokio corre
spondent says:
"Russia has sent a further reply to
Japan. I understand it is a non-com
mittal one, making merely for delay."
Cabling under date of January 2, the
Times' Tokio correspondent says:
Nevada Settlers Are Said to
Have Been Attacked by
the AVar-Daneing Piutes
be forthcoming from Russia in Korea
that will offset. the jurisdiction which
Russia claims in Manchuria, if war is
to be averted. The Russian Government
has been urged to reply promptly.
fall maneuvers and parade at Port Ar
thur, highly praising the troops and
declaring that some who had just fin
ished a twelve days' march had ar
rived in magnificent condition. .
The Novirkai says that a Chinese
attack ig unlikely and reprints a Chi
nese newspaper story that Russia has
2000 Cossacks and 2500 Mongolian
soldiers at Urga. v
The report that the Russian volun
teer cruisers Kazan and Ekater
inoslav, carrying munitions of war
and marines to the. Far East, have
been recalled to the Black Sea is. offi
cially denied. According to the rumor
the vessels were recalled because the
possibility of their capture was feared.
gloomy opening of the year the vol
ume of the week's business has been
the smallest.
tion, or. apparently,' by the Foreign
Office, to-day, concerning the Russo-
Japanese difficulty in the Far East,
and, according to Baron Hayashi, the
Japanese Minister, the .situation re
mains unchanged.
Within a few days the cruisers
Kasaga and Niasin, which were bought
by the Japanese Government from the
Government of Argentina and which
were built at Genoa, will be formally
delivered to Japan. Immediately on
their delivery the Japanese flag will
be run up and the Japanese Legation
hopes thereby to avoid any objections
on the part of the Italian Government
regarding the sailing of the cruisers
should hostilities commence before
they are ready to put to sea.
No little excitement prevails among
the officers of the British home squad
ron, who are under the impression
that they may at any moment- be or
dered to replace the channel squadron,
which would be sent to the Mediter
ranean should the Government deem
it advisable' to strengthen its naval
force in the Far East. In the home
squadron, which is usually regarded as
a -reserve and training unit of the
navy, all leaves of absence have been
stopped. * Extra supplies af ammuni
tion have been taken on board and
men and ships are kep"t in a state of
alertness such as has not existed in
years.
Baron Hayashi, the Japanese Min
ister, says he assumed that the marine
engineers from the Clyde, who have
left for Japan,- have been engaged for
the transport fleet, though the Min
ister pays*he has no definite knowl
edge of the circumstances of their de
parture. •¦
Cont. From Page 1, Cols. 3, 4 and 5.
MINERS- RACE
TO GOLD FIELD
INDIANS RAID
LONE RANCHES
CHINA TO BE JAPANS ACTIVE ALLY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY. JANUARY 4/1904.
rake ¦ Laxative Eroroo Qutnlae Tablets. Ali
!rorEl*t* r*fun£ the money If It fail* to cure
i. W. Grove* t signature It on each box. 25c. •
To Cure a Cold in One Day.
Home Squadron Expects Orders to
LONDON, Jan. 3. — No news has
been received by the Japanese Lega-
Replace the Channel Squadron.
BRITISH OFFICERS ALERT.
"So arrogantly and strenuously and
with 60 fine a front of assumed confi
dence and injured innocence did the
representatives of the company contest
this allegation, that instead of bearing
the case uj>on the evidence that it was
prepared to present. Justice Herrick
Joined the proceedings brought by the
Attorney General with an examination
by the court, through a referee, upon
the petition of the company itself (for
the purpose of ascertaining the safety
of the investments and the j prudence
of the management of the corporation).
That Inquiry was continued for nearly
six months, with exeat latitude per
mitted to the company in its efforts to
sustain Its contention and to destroy
the case made against it by this depart
ment's examination. But the referee
found agajnst the company at substan
tially every point. In fact, he found the
company In some respects In wors"e con
dition than the report of the examiners
would indicate, and he charged Its offi
cers with making- false reports to this
department. Upon the presentation 'of
the referee's report, Justice Herrick de
clared from the bench that after a care
ful ftudy of it. and upon an independ
ent, investigation as to some phases of
it which he had himself made, he was
satisfied that the.company was in even
worse condition than, the referee de
clared It to be, and Justice Durgo later
granted the motion for the appointment
of a receiver, who is now in possession."
"Upon the communication by me of
these conditions to the Attorney Gen
eral that official promptly instituted
proceedings for the 'dissolution of the
company, because of its insolvency and
t>ecause it was unsafe and inexpedient
for it to continue business.
"Some of these withdrawals it was
paying or compromising out of the or
der of their filing, which is a violation
of law, and it had been crediting divi
dends that not only had not been
earned, but was apportioning them in
equitably between different classes of
stockholder*?. The premiums that it
was charging to borrowing members
for loans. Including them in the mort
gages It took, were so exorbitant that
no' other conclusion was made possible
than that the borrowers must regard
their transactions as a xirtual sale of
property to the company, whose real
estate holdings were increasing rapidly
and were being carried at a heavy an
nual loss. It was treating the pre
miums which it charged for loans, and
which it included in its mortgages, as
though, they w'ere cash receipts and
using them for the crediting of divi
dends to shareholders and for the pay
ment of expenses, notwithstanding such
premiums would not be actually paid
for years, and perhaps never.
"The report of the examination of the
company in l'.«02 demonstrated to my
mind that the affairs of the company
had reached such a state that It would
be culpable in me to longer hesitate to
take action against it. Withdrawals
had so accumulated as to foreshadow
the end, for it was only by the procur
ing of new business — a sort of endless
chain operation— that the Institution
could possibly live; and it was losing
more members than it gained.
Another unusually emphatic portion
of the bank superintendent's report re
lates to the proceedings against the
New York Building Loan Banking
Company, which h,e calls the "sensa
tional eoisode of the year."
< "The report of its regular examina
tion," the superintendent says, "showed
to the entire satisfaction of the super
intendent that the companj\ which was
the largest building and loan associa
tion in the State of New York, if not in
United States, was hopelessly in
*Bcrlvent and was conducting its 'affairs
¦with so great extravagance and upon a
plan so utterly false and vicious in
principle that it could not hope to im
prove its condition, but must inevitably
go from bad to worse. Its eauities in
the properties by which Its advances to
borrowing members were secured al
rnost exclusively through, second, third
arid fourth mortgages were too slight
for expectancy that they could be a
source of strength in an emergency.
to submit a verified report of Its condi
tion to this department, and one item
In such report covers the amounts of
loans, directly or indirectly, to direc
tors. It is extremely unusual for these
reports to disclose any unlawful loan
of the character under consideration."
Continued from Page 1, Column 1.
JAPAX IS UNDERESTIMATED.
Russian Officers Scoff at Island Na
tion's. Belligerent Attitude.
PEKING, Jan. 3.— In the various for
eign legations here the opinion is pre
valent that war between Japan and
Russia 'is certain. This opinion Is based
upon the/ latest dispatches from Tokio
and the conviction that it is not a ques
tion of detail which separates Rus
sia and Japan, but the vital principle
whether Japan possesses the right to a
voice In the settlement of the question
of Russian occupation of Manchuria.
Russia has all along denied this right,
and unless her reply shows that she
has receded from this position, which is
not expected to be the case, it probably
will Invoke an ultimatum from Japan,
whose determination to resort to-arms
in support of her claim is unques
tioned.
Advices from Manchuria-, represent
tho Russian officials there as being sur
prised at Japan's readiness to fight.
They expected that she would submit
at the last moment, as she did in 1895,
when she surrendered Port 'Arthur at
the bidding of the European coalition.
The Russian officials rely for support
upon the same powers that aided the
Russian government on that occasion.
Moreover, the Russians have confidence
in their ability to win in the event of
war. Among the Junior officers this
feeling takes the form of despising the
enemy.
2
• . .', > ADVERTISEMENTS. . .
, ' i — — — — . i i
/ Nu^^^^^mLJi WbeD W6 ! der thecr u uel abn3e the aT «-age not offend Nature, but, on the contrary, follow And all this In the face of the fact that the b~t If W»\ 1/1111111
ft vJ^^T 1^ American pves his stomach, we cease to wonder In her footsteps : ¦>- doctors I consulted told me my case was Chronic g 1 ft W KllliiSSgf
¥ If W/l why that faithful and industrious organ goes on If you are incredulous place an egg cut Into Dyspepsia and absolutely incurable, as I had |! I j rS£§§£&7
I W Sw//^Ji a6trike Performing the hardest labor, taking small pieces in a tumbler,' fill with hot water, suffered twenty-five years. I distributed half a ik. m Hi I ISSSIj
I f m4lfli care of partially chewed and indigeatible food, put in one Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablet, Maintain dozen packages among my friends here, who are K^^m£] WkJfef^^Sl
/ I -^utlSi working overtime-no -eight hour day by any a temperature of 98 degaees (blood heat) for three very anxious to try taia remedy." W
I fl fySlii 1 means— the stomach is taxed to its utmost, and hours, and the egg will be as completely digested A Wisconsinmansays: "I Buffered the pangs |J /gf \ yyjtj \£gpj£§
/ a ragyg||| B sooner or later there is always trouble. The re- a 3 it would have been in a healthy stomach of dyspepsia for ten -years. I tried every known foj /sL-cf | \~rf|
I JL' Wt\\® the humaL inatomy is extremely intimate, and in a stomach. T^t^n^M^y^-^ 1^ 6^ RwU I /&^\
fe Ifi « J « "»• .trlk. I. calW off . .yaipathrtlc Very f*r people are free from some form of SglftI had^toma^' xSi'SSf SSd^. I ffil MLQ
I |*« VM//f//ra ™ ovement 0D the Pa rt of the bIo <xi. the heart. Indigestion, but scarcely two will have the same completely. I have had no trouble whatever for S JLJ Mk to:-3*rfr&n
1 Bl A Js&lllfJUM l o«» » v er. etc., is sure to result. symptoms. . Some will suffer with distress after a year and have an appetite like a harvest hand IIp^^tH /»§» \/*£l^\S^
I i®^^ £M/fl&t£M' Y ° U B&t FUD down * become thiD and emaciat- eating, bloating from gas in the stomach and and can eat anything that is set before me with- fx^^\l fHf%\f" ***•'*• «T
I H^ MS§M£&£§( ed. have no appetite, suffer distress after eating, bowels, others from acid dyspepsia or heartburn. out fear of bad results." ' • S| \L/'Pil\J-*''*'«'*i
\ i*. JjjBBBHVjj And are in just the condition to contract almost others palpitation or headaches, sleeplessness. Rev ' T « R - Hoa ? of Wymore, Neb, write?: k WX™& « '•'•I
%^ V§ a^y ferious disease. pains in chest and under shoulder-blades, ex" " For . 6i * years I have been troubled with dys* 11 Bft^S^ V*'.''«'l
JQimrtqjjJfi iff I TOffiH&Y\\\\! No need to despair. An ev«r effective reme. treme nervousness, as ir> nervous dyspepsia, but P e P 9ia - Last fall I became very much alarmed fa I ;^**vVt Y- •*•*: I
\W mfWi ¦ 8nd 6uffer if e - , No; stuart ;i D>wla Tabie " w;. i.^ ** ,,»^^ %££%%&, xcx z:::z* 1 wm, \.\
WlUI II Big AWWI we a worthy substitute. They step right in, in absolute rest and assistance, and immediately I hit upon Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets for a f> \c'"»V»lv. :: *A T •¦
W&k^&Ji mg I W\\ra the time of needt P erform the stomach's work by do away with these disagreeable symptoms. At remedy and invested a dollar and a half for three *>> n£lv : :' : '\ L-L I
fflftfa^&I/fJn I %\\|ij the identical^gencies it employs and give the the same time the Tablets are absolutely harm- boxes, which lasted me three months, and I can \ l &*\\F&&''''\j®I
Hllir^WrW !\\\Ir d^ 1 '*' 6 organs a holiday for rest and recu. tesa; a child can take them with benefit. As an eat any kind of food I want, and have a good tfi ffig l ''\'i*C3
III llllV^V AfcJUVl Potion. . * ' Instance of the marvelous cures effected by J 1 * 0 ™"* appetite. Although I am 77 years old, gl m V-i-j/f*^
tf/Milk\<R— 3?&\Vi Kemember. boweyer. that an. ounce of pre- Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets observe the following: i^fJ^i ™ , 7 7 e11 ' and J ithout re- fjk ft \.--y 1
Iff MjffWlVi ™ U0D i8 WOrth a t"™* ° f CUre ' and * et lnt0 ' Mre - Sa'ah A Skeel, Lynnville, Jasper Co , Ste^t ?l t ZvLu««t S^T 01 M a II i\ I
m//M/^CjS> \ \jf tte baWt ° f t8kiD? * StUart ' 8 Dy8pepsla Tabl * 1 Mo - says: "After using only one package of Tablets - ' DySpepsia | \ J I gL\
i\lff/ll&jt^S&*^*^ \ «ei after each meal. : Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets 1 received such great Stuart's Dv?r*»™iA r r«hiotc «r>* *™ - ¦ w W « a \
WWM AH Quart's DjEpepsia Tablets are nof a eecret, and unexpected benefit that I wish to express druggists at^Tbox MlltLZiZT 7 *" %\ M \ t^
l\m//// j&^M outrun, a panacea for all aflments. Theyarea . my eincere gratitude. In fact it has been six You or any of vour dvsmnmV fnJL' H % ' \
\\W I /^V/i the counterparts months since I took the package, and I have not mailed free too*^nSJoKdis^ b^d^ I \ V
U/Mif L^/ B of the digestive fluids of thei stomach. .They do - had one particle of distress or difficulty since. ing F A. Stuart Co.. Marshall, Mich. s fi % '" 'SAN JUAN, P. R.. Jan. 3.— Thirty of
the followers of General Wos y Gil from
Santo Domingo, including all the Do
minican revolutionary generals now
here, will sail to-morrow on the French
steamer St. Simon, going direct to
Puerto Plata. From there they will
hasten to join General Jiminez before
San Domingo. They declare themselves
confident they will be able to over
throw the government of President
Morales.
The St. Simon will carry a good sup
ply of ammunition and stores, as well
as a number of horses, secured in Porto
Rico. Other Porto Ricans recruited by
the revolutionists will sail Tuesday on
the schooner Mayaguez.
General Wos y Gil says he will re
main in San Juan three weeks more on
the advice of his friends, who fear he
will be assassinated should he return
to Santo Domingo now.
With. their thoughts still dwelling on
the horrifying scenes attending the ter
rible flre in Chicago last Wednesday,
Frank Jermyn and : L. C. Smith arrived
from the East on the overland train
last evening and registered at, the Pal
ace Hotel.. Jermyn is a coal magnate of
Scranton. and his companion the head
of -the .typewriter manufacturing firm
which bears his name. The gentlemen
are en route to the Orient, and on their
way to- San '• Franciscd they were com
pelled to stop over; in Chicago ontthe
day . of ' the frightful disaster. : Having
nothing to do they decided to attend
the . matinee . at ' the Iroquois Theater.
Arriving'at r the box, office they found a
large crowd clamoring for tickets,' and
the best they .Ccould. obtain ) ln r the; way
of seats were twain row R, on the right"
of,the theater. 'Oh reaching the Interior
they Jcalled an usher, and offered him a
dollar to get them two seats nearer the
footlights. The boy returned ; a few
minutes later and informed Jermyn and
Smith that > he . was ' unable to accom-
COULD NOT BUY SEATS.
Two Eyewitnesses Tell of Their Expe
riences at. Iroquois Theater.
BINGHAMTON, N. Y.. Jan. 3.— One
of the most largely attended funerals
ever held here' was that of Clarence
Burr Scott, "Harry Judson," of the
'•Billionaire" company, who was
burned to death in the Iroquois.The
ater fire in Chicago. Rev. Dr. A. W.
Hammis, drawing a- lesson from the
sham protection of the theaters, said:
•'God gives a protection to • those
who trust in Him that drops down in
tlme-of temptation and is made of as
bestos and not of burlap." M •
Immense Crowd Attends Obsequies of
. Chicago Fire Victim.
"HARRY JUDSON'S" FUNERAL.
Deposed President of .Santo
Domingo Will Soon Join
Forces of General Jiminez
GIL AN ENEMY
OF MORALES
KANSAS CITY. Jan. 3.— In this part
cf tho Southwest zero weather-prevail
ed to-dav, the coldest of the season. .
NEW YORK. Jan. 3.— Clear skies and
Siting: cold succeeded the snowstorm
that raged all last night and yester
day, resulting in a total fall of from
eight to ten inches, the heaviest of the
Reason. While there was little inter
ruption r4 streetcar traffic to-day ow
ine to the constant use of snow plows
during the continuance o- the storm,
the service on railroads entering the
city was badly crippled, several limited
trains being from four to eight hours
late. One man was found frozen to
death in a drift on Statcn Island.
BAD AXE. Mich., J.an. 3.— Tliree
b"\s, aged about 10 years, the sons
of fishermen, were frozen to death dur
ing last night's terrific storm, being lost
In the blinding snow.
SPRINGFIELD. 111.. Jan. 3.— To-day
vas the coldest of the year, the ther
mometer registering 10 degrees below
zc-ro. . . ¦
At Nantucket the harbor is frozen for
the first time in several years. The sup
ply of provisions is low and much anx
iety i? fHt by the islanders.
cashed ashore at Nantaskett. and it is
feared that another vessel has been
« recked. Since last night five deaths
from exposure have occurred in this
city.
cne shipwreck is reported — that of the i
schooner Belle J. Ncal, on Allerton bar
—but late to-night a woman's body was '
WASHINGTON. Jan. 3.— -On behalf
of his Government and people "the
Austro-Hungarian Embassador, Mr.
Hengemuller, has expressed to this
Government profound sympathy for
the' sufferers in the Chicago fire.
LONDON; 'JanV 3. — John Redmond
has sent a cablegram to Mayor Harri
son expressing the sympathy of the
Irish people with the sufferers from
the Chicago fire.
ST. PETERSBURG, Jan. 3.—For
eign Minister Lamsdorff, Minister of
Interior Plehve, M. Saengere and nu
merous representatives of high society
have called on United States Embas
sador McCormick to express condo
lence on the Chicago theater lire.
The Russian commission appointed
some time ago to. investigate the pro
tection of theaters against f£e has de
cided to undertake a series of expen
sive experiments. They will build a
miniature theater in which. small ani
mals will be placed, to determine the
extent of death due to fire and to as
phyxiation.
. ROME, Jan. 3. — United States Em
bassador Meyer to-day went to the
Foreign Office and communicatedMo
Foreign Minister Tottini the high ap
preciation of the United: States Gov
ernment for the' message of condo
lence of the Italian Government i on
the recent disaster at the . Iroquois
Theater* Chicago, which was conveyed
through the Italian Charge d'Affaires
at Washington to the State Depart
ment there. ,' .
Foreign Governments ". Offer.. Condo
lences Concerning Chicago Fire.
NATIONS ARE 'SYMPATHETIC.
Continued from Page 1. Column 2.
BLIZZARDS HID ZERO WEATHER, !
Th*> correspondent adds that the
Xlrand Duke Nicholas has arrived in
St. Petersburg for the purpose of ex
plaining to the Czar that Prince Galit
ren. the Governor General of the Cau
casus, is unequal to dealing with the
BERLIN". Jan. 3. — The St. Peters
burg correspondent of the Lokal An
zeiger says that conditions in the Cau
« .ifus are intolerable, owing to the Ar
menian revolutionary movement and
the ex'-esses of the brigands.
Russia I« Harassed by the Armenian
Revolutionary Movement and
the Work of Brigand*;.
SITUATION GRAVE IN
CAUCASUS COUNTRY
WOODBRIDGE, N. J., Jan.. 3.— An
explosion . wrecked the hotel and hall
of Joseph Galalda and more or less
seriously injured thirty persons at
Keasby, four miles from here, to-day
while the Si. Johns Benevolent Society
was celebrating its anniversary with a
dance. There were about 500 people in
the hall and one of the two exits was
closed by the .wreckage. The people
became panic stricken and fought to
get out, many being 1 trampled on and
seriously injured. -
Galalda was burned about the head
and face. r His wife was thrown against
the celling and fell unconscious to the
floor. One of Miss Gertrude Eilon's
eyes was destroyed, her nose broken
and her jaw dislocated. She may not
recover.
Michael Ponger's arm was torn off at
the elbow* ' •
It is believed that some one with a
grievance against Galaida of the so
ciety used dynamite. The walls of the
building were blown apart and it may
collapse.
FINDS A STRANGE TRIBE
OF FAIR-HAIRED INDIANS
German Ethnologist Makes Interesting
Observations of Mexican Natives
for the Berlin Museum.
CITY OF MEXICO, Jan. 3.— Dr. Wil
liam. Bauer, the German ethnologist,
who has been, studying the Southern
tribes in the. interior of Mexico for the
Royal Museum of Ethnology cf Berlin,
has compiled a remarkably complete
vocabulary of languages spoken by tljs
different tribes.
One of the most" interesting tribes is
the Mizeres, composing some 20.C00 per
sons, among whom are many fair
haired and light-skinned. Tradition re
counts that they are descended from
the Teutons of Europe. Tha race is
quite distinct from any other of the
Mexican Indians and is noted for its
physical strength.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO. Jan. 3.— Thert was a
remarkable scene at the Sixth Street
Methodist Church to-night when the
pastor, the Rev. W. W: Case, delivered
a sermon elaborating the twenty-five
reasons why the Tuesday Literary Club
should not give the society dance pro
posed for next Thursday ni-fht. Lon;
before the lights of the church were
turned on the sidewalk waa crowded
with men and women anxious to gain
admission.
When the pastor ascended the pulpit
the large auditorium was packed to the
point of discomfort and ushers were
at the doors sending hundreds away.
The Rev. Mr. Case began with vigor
and attacked the dance on moral and
ethical grounds as he had explained
In advance in The Call. He said that
since the publication of his views on
the subject he had been called upon by
scores of men and women who congrat
ulated him upon his stand. He added
that he had nothing to detract and
proceeded to denounce dancing in un
measured terms, charging: it with much
of the immorality of the present day.
"I know," exclaimed the pastor, "that
my name is being cursed in the dance
halls and dives of San Francisco to
night, as it is in the palaces of sin In
Sacramento. But I am here tu speak
the truth concerning this modern eviL'*
At the conclusion of his sermon the
Rev. Mr. C£se was besieged by mem
bers of his congregation, both men and
women, who, amid handshakes, ex
pressed their approval of his words.
The unusual spectacle was presented
of fashoinably dressed young women
and young men going forward and
pledging the pastor their word that
they would hereafter refrain from
dancing.
While the Rev. Mr. Case has stirred
the religious sentiment of a portion of
the population by his attack upon the
"Tuesday Club's full dress oall." thera
is no abatement in the preparations for
the event, and the society women who
have it in charge declare that for every
reason the Rev. Mr. Case can offer why
the dance should not be held they can
supply 100 "why It should and will be
held, f *H
WRECKED ROAMER'S
PASSENGERS ARRIVE
All Are Well Except Colonel Camp
bell, Who JIny Be In Dying
Condition.
NEW YORK, Jan. 3.— The Ward Line
steamship Orizaba, which arrived to
day from South Sea Island ports, via
Nassau, brought as passengers Captain
George B. Campbell, master and owner;
and the crew of seven men of the auxil
iary yacht Roamer, which was wrecked
at Rum Cay, Bahamas, on December 10.
Colonel T. C. Campbell, Captain Camp
bell's father, who was • on board the
Roamer when she was wrecked, was
also a passenger on the Orizaba, and
is in a critical condition, suffering from
exposure and shock. Colonel Campbell
is one of the best known criminal law
yers in the country, being chief pros
ecuting counsel in the trial cf the as
sassins of Governor Goebel of Ken
tucky. He was taken to a hospital,
said to be in a dying condition.
SAN RAFAEL. Jan. 3.— Two hunters
while walking along the beach neax
Lime Point made a grewsome discov
ery this afternoon. In a lonely spot the
remains of a human being were found.
The .body evidently had been buried for
many years.
/The hunters notified Constable Trou
ette of Sausalito of their find, and he
in turn notified the Coroner. Owing to
the darkness the deputy coroner was
unable to reach the place where the re
mains are, and will make an attempt
to-morrow to recover them. The officers
are now Investigating.
Whose Burial Took Place Many
Years Ago.
Hunters Discover Bones of a Person
SKELETON IS FOUND
NEAR LIME POINT BEACH
Sudden Death of a Newspaper Man.
CHICAGO. Jan. 3. — John W.
Strong, a well-known newspaper man.
died this morning in his berth on
board the Monon train, a short dis
tance outside of Indianapolis. The de
ceased left Chicago Saturday evening
to visit his brother at IndiaTiapolis.
Death is suposed to have been caused
by heart failure. A wife and two sons
survive him. One son is a - cadet at
West Point. Mrs. Strong and the
other son live at Helena, Mont.
Celebrated Mnp Maker Dies.
CHICAGO. Jan. 4. — Rufus Blanch
ard. cartographer and historian and
for many years a prominent citizen of
Chicago, is dead at his home in
Wheaton, 111., ag'ed S2 years. Blanch
ard had an international reputation as
a maker of .maps. He was the oldest
map maker in the United States.
Blanchard was also an
writer on historical subjects.
IS FASTEST OF BATTLESHIPS.
Makes Astonishing Speed.
Vessel Japan. Purchased From Chile
In her recent trial the battleship La
Lihertad, purchased last month from
Chile, ostensibly for the British navy,
but which, according to the expressed
belief of the Japanese admiral, Matsa,
was really bought for the Mikado's
navy, developed a speed* of 17 U knots
during twenty-seven consecutive
hours, with a consumption of 1.7
pounds of coal per unit of horsepower.
During the six hours' full speed trial
six- runs made over the measured mile
course gave an average speed of 29.2
knots, which exceeds the speed of any
battleship yet built by nearly one
knot.
ROME. Jan. 4.— The newspapers announce
the arrival here of Boris Sarafoff. leader of
the Macedonian revolutionists.
Mrs. Oelrichs* California trip, her
friends say. resulted in an understand
ing with her husband, and she returns
fully recomiled to him and somewhat
regretful of her hasty action in revok
ing his power «»f attorney to act for her
in all business matters.
It is understood that Mrs. Oelrichs
f<*els uneasy about the case, and with
characteristic energry has determined to
tnmbat r>ersonally the contestants. At
all events upon her return from Cali
fornia a fpw days ago she announced
her plan of going abroad at once. The
Jiln^Fs of Hermann Oelrichs Jr.
has delayed the carrying out of her
plans. Mrs. Oelriehs was alarmed upon
her return to find the little fellow suf
fering from a severe cold, but he is
rapidly recove'ring and soon will be in
(ondition to make the voyage across
tho ocean. A nurse and maid will be
iak^n along.
NEW YORK. Jan. 2.— Alarmed by the
strength of the case which is being pre
sumed by the heirs of Mrs. Charles L.
Fair, who with her husband was killed
In an automobile accident near Paris
more than a year ago. Mrs. Hermann
Oelrlchs. it was learned to-day, has de
cided to proceed to Paris as soon as
possible to give the case her personal
attention.
Testimony of the most positive char
acter has been pointed out in the In
quiry in Paris to chow that Charles L.
Fair. Mrs. Oelrichs 1 brother, died be
fore his wife, and if this can be estab
lished to the satisfaction of the court
a larg* portion of the Fair millions will
b*» diverted to the family of the widow.
Special Di*r«tch to Thf Call
When the House reassembles to-mor
row it will be confronted by almost
bare calendars. Only a few items of
legislation have been reported by com
mittees, and all these are of compara
tive Insignificance. It therefore will be
necessary for the House to wait for a
few days upon its committees before
beginning the transaction of complete
business. The disposition is to take up
no matters of general interest outside
of appropriation bills, and there is no
appropriation measure in shape to be
reported from committee. The legisla
tlver executive and judicial bill will be
the first to receive attention, but there
is no expectation that it will be report
ed from the Appropriation Committee
before Friday or Saturday. In the
meantime the House will consider pri
vate pension bills and other questions
of not much Importance unless some
matter should be taken up for general
discussion. The week, however, will be
one of great activity in the committee
rooms.
The Committee on Military Affairs
probably will report the nomination of
General Leonard Wood at the first ex
ecutive session. A meeting of the com
mittee has been called for to-morrow,
with the understanding that a vote on
the nomination shall be taken. There
will be an effort to secure consideration
of the nomination as soon as possible.
The nomination probably will lead to
much debate.
LIGHT WORK FOR HOUSE.
Senator Lodge will uphold in an elab
orate speech the right of the President
to recognize the independence of Pan-,
ama at the time and in the manner in
which President Roosevelt save them
rr-cognition. Senator McComas also has
intimated his intention to discuss this
subject. The committee is expected to
report the canal treaty by the middle of
the week, and it is the intention of the
friends of the administration to press
its consideration as rapidly as possible,
with the^idea of getting the speeches
out of the way and having the treaty
disposed of as early as possible. With
the treaty once reported they will make
an effort to confine the discussion to the
executive sessions in the hope that by
so doing they will shorten the consider
ation of the question.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 3.— After a re
cess of more than two weeks the Senate
will resume business to-morrow with
out any definite programme. Indeed, it
may be stated the Senate has no pro
gramme for the entire session beyond
the passage of the appropriation bill,
the consideration of the Panama canal
treaty, the determination of Senator
Smoot's case and the disposition of
some other comparatively unimportant
matters.
One of the appropriations, namely,
the pension bill, has reached the Sen
ate, and that has not yet been consid
ered in committee. It is probable, how
ever, that it wiil be reported at an early
date. The Panama canal treaty also is
In committee, and it also probably will
be reported to the Senate during the
present week. The Smoot case will be
prooppded with by tho Committee on
Privileges, but the indications are that
some weeks wJll elapse before the ques
tion can be brought before the Senate
in regular order. Notwithstanding the
fact that the canal treaty Is not at
present in the Senate, there is little
doubt that the canal question will form
the leading topic for discussion during
the week. Senator Lodge will speak on
this subject on Tuesday, and it is quite
certain he will be followed by other
Senators, especially by some who an
tagonize the attitude of. the administra
tion.
LODGE WILL SPEAK.
Committee Reports to Be Re
ceived and Vote on Panama
Treaty Will Be Rushed
Merrymakers . Become Panic-
Stricken and Fight to
Get Out of the Building
Determined Effort Beiii£ Made
io Sjow That Wife of Dead
Millionaire Expired First
Members of the Tuesday Lite
rary Club Continue Prepara
tions for Their Merrymaking
When the street was reached and it
was seen that .there was no cause for
alarm the greater part of the mourners
returned to the church and the ser
vices were finished. Xobody was In
jured.
Many rushed for the doors. Two po
licemen stationed in the church called
out to the people that there was no
danger and urged them to resume their
seata. Their advice. was not heeded,
however; the pall-bearers went to the
side of the casket and stood In readi
ness to remove it, and the family of the
dead girl prepared to leave. Suddenly
a cloud of smoke came in through the
open door and the sight and smell mad
dened the gathering. The two'ofllcers
had barely time to swing the doors open
when the rush came; This was all that
prevented a severe crush and probable
loss of life. • .
A serious panic occurred this after
noon at the funeral of Miss Mary Car
ries, one of the victims of the fire. The
services were In. progress in the South
Chicago^ Congregational Church, in the
suburb of Southt Chicago, and the
building was filled. Fire broke out
three doors from the church and the
first intimation* oT Its was conveyed to
those in the church by a cry of "fire"
in the street.
"(Jne. cannot tell," he, said, "what a
man who has lost all of his family ina
fire like that of Wednesday will do. He
could hardly be held responsible for his
actions." # • . ¦ .
"FIRE!" CRY STARTS PANIC.
From all indications, the meeting -of
the City Council to-morrow "night will
be taken up entirelyby the introduction
of resolutions relating to the fire.'Ordi
nanccs will be presented covering every
imaginable detail of ' the management
and equipment. of a theater. Alderman
Dunn will introduce "'an order forbid
ding members of the City Council'ac
cepting passes, either, from railroads or
places of amusement. Mayor Harrison
said to-night: • ? ¦'¦¦'? -. .. A
"I Intend to hold a meeting of all the
Aldermen, and, if possible, of all the
atrical managers also. I want to talk
over with them what is best to be done.
So far I have acted upon my own re
sponsibility, without consulting anyone.
There are one or two theaters that
could open to-morrow by placing fire
men upon the stage, but they must do
that. ' As far as I am personally con
cerned, not one theater shall open' Its
doors in this city until it shall have
complied with the last letter of the or
dinances."
The Mayor said he had heard nothing
of a rumor that a warrant was to be
taken out for his arrest. ' ...
MANY NEW LAWS PLANNED.
horror that he\vould be glad to have
them appear and give their evidence." i
WILL DIRECTTtHE AFFAIRS
PROMISES IN THE CHURCH
MANY PERSONS INJURED
APPROPRIATIONS FIRST
Large Congregation Hears Rea
sons Why a Sacramento Min
ister Opposes a Society Affair
Tolling of Funeral , Knells Is Continuous' Throughout the. First
Sabbath of the New Year and: Yet Many .Mourning Relatives £re
Forced^ to Postpone Temporarily' the* Interment of Loved Ones
Hardly ten seconds had elapsed be
fore the front entrance to the theater
was choked with frightened people en
deavoring to make their escape. Jer
rnyji and- Smith were among the more
fortunate. After a hard struggle they
managed to reach the sidewalk just in
time to become unwilling witnesses to a
revolting spectacle. As they stepped
out_on the sidewalk a woman, who had
plunged \ from a window above them,
was dashed to death on the hard pave
ment before them. In describing the
affair last night Jermyn said that the
sight of the badly mangled form of the
unfortunate woman bo shocked him
that he closed his eyes and rushed
madly into the street, along which, with
Smith, he was rapidly hustled to a
place of safety. Of the scenes that en
sued the gentleman stated that he could
add nothing to the telegraphic descrip
tions sent out by the Associated Pre6S
and special correspondents, except that
words could not fully portray the mis
ery that was suffered by victims of the
awful affair and the heartrending
scenes that followed later in the day
when , relatives began searching for
their missing loved ones. On the same
afternoon Jermyn and Smith gladly re
sumed their Journey toward the West.
modate them, and being dissatisfied
with the seats in the rear of the hemse
they concluded to leave. They were
about to leave their seats when the cry
of /fire was heard and a second later
the fateful pandemonium bad devel
oped. ¦ , »
John Schmidt, the stage emnioye jvho
Is said to have left open the reflector
that prevented the asbestos curtain de
scending, 'is still sought oy tho police.
He is believed to be in hiding In the
city, but the Chief of Police received an
intimation from his friends that
Schmidt will be ready when he is
wanted as a witness at the Coroner's
inquest next Thursday.
There were, no more arrests of mem
bers of the "Mr. Bluebeard" company
to-day, and none are expected unless
there be unlooked-for developments.
Assistant Chief of Police Schuettler de
clared that no further obstacle would
be placed in the way of members of the
company who desired to leave the city.
"I have been assured by Klaw & Er
langer," he said to-day,' "that any
member of the company who is wanted
as a witness will be returned from New
York, and with that understanding I
have ordered that there be no further
interference with the departure of the
company." , '••/•¦ i . .. V
INQUIRY WILL BE THOROUGH.
To-morrow morning Coroner Treager
and the jury empaneled to sit at . the
inquest will resume Its task of collect
ing evidence. An exhaustive examina
tion of the building will be made, and
particular attention will be -paid to any
violation of the building ordinances
that may be found. In accordance with
the request of the members of the jury,
all sightseers and even watchmen will
be excluded from the building while the
examination is In progress. The jurors
have said to th« Coroner they did not
wish any person to he-sr the questions
that may be asked, as they, fear, pub
licity will Interfere 'with the thorough
ness of the inquiry. ¦ 1 (
Because of the scope , that
the Coroner intends to give to the In
vestigation, it is expected the work of
taking testimony will consume several
weeks. Contractors and all others "who
can give expert testimony will be sum-,
moned, smd the Coroner to-day Issued a
notice to all survivors of the theater
Outside of the numerous funerals
that were held to-day it was the
first day of rest the city has known
since last Wednesday afternoon. Less
than twenty persons called at the of
fice of the Chief of Police for permits
to visit morgues and few wore at the
hospitals.
A funeral conducted in a liumbler
manner was held a few squares from
the Wolff residence at the same time.
It was that of Mrs. Mary H. Hoist and
her three children, all of whom 'died in
the Ill-fated second ; balcony. Mrs.
Hoist was a sister of ex-Chief of Po
lice Badenoch and it was he who identi
fied the bodies of the mother and her
three children. Fully as many persons
were around the small frame church in
which this funeral gathered as outside
the pretentious Wolff mansion, and
here, too, the police were compelled to
open a passageway for the caskets as
they were borne to the hearses.
These arc but Instances of what oc
curred throughout the length and
breadth of Chicago to-day. Multiply
by twenty the funerals mentioned and
a better idea can be had of this first
Sabbath day in the new year.
The list of dead was increased to 588
to-day by the death of Le Hoy Rain
bolt, a boy of 4 years, who had been
severely burned. ,
Of the ten bodies at the county
morgue four were identified to-day.
They were Mrs. Mary A. Fair, Sadie
Ludwig, Dorothy Lemager, 13 years old,
and Emma Reynolds, 7 years eld.-
The injured, of whom thera is a rec
ord now number 103. although the
number of those who were nurt slight
ly would swell this 'number greatly.
Numbers of persons went to their
homes after the fire without reporting
themselves to the police as Injured.
POLICE SEEKING SCHMIDT.
I,AST RITES OVER FOUR.
The funeral services over Ella and
Edith Freckelton. sisters, was held in
Boulevard hall. Fully 2000 persons were
in attendance, and fully 600 more stood
outside, in the biting wind, until the
funeral had departed for the cemetery.
Tn the home of the millionaire manu
facturer. Ludwig Wolff, was held the
quadruple funeral of his daughter, Mrs.
William G. Garn and her three chil
dren. A crowd of more than 1000 per
sons surrounded the house, and the po
lice were compelled tt> open a passage
way for the pallbearers. The funeral
was one of the largest ever held on the
West Side of the city.
In the rooms of one undertaker a fra
ternal organization held services over
five members of its order at the same
time.
The cemeteries were compelled to
keep men at work all through the night
digging graves, and, in some of the
large cemeteries, they barely managed
to make them with sufficient speed. At
one time to-day fourteen burials' were
in progress in Rose Hill Cemetery. .
CHICAGO. Jan. 3.— To-day was a
day of .funerals in Chicago, and yet
many were unable to bury their dead.
The unprecedented demand for hearses
and carriages would have been enough
in itself to tax to the utmost the re
sources of. the undertakers, but the
heavy snow that has fallen during the
last two days has increased their dif
ficulties enormously. All of the. ceme
teries in . Chicago are miles from the
business center and resident districts,
and with good weather and the streets
in passable condition it requires several
hours to reach any of them. To-day,
when every hearse was in demand, it
required about twice as long to reach
a cemetery as under/normal conditions.
Arrangements were made by the un
dertakers Jo have as many funerals as
possible held in the early part of the
day, v in. order to if possible, the
use of each hearse for a second funeral
in the afternoon. In many instances
families who waited for the return of
a hearse were disappointed and were
compelled to defer the burial of their
loved ones. It is expected that by to
morrow the streets will be in such a
condition as to permit the passage of
funerals in almost the ordinary time.
GRAVE-DIGGERS itEPT BUSY.
Senate AVill Convene With
Little Business to Occupy Its
Attention for Several Days
Growing Strength of the Heirs
in the Fair Case May Cause
Her to Go to Taris at Once
Enemies of a. Benevolent So
ciety Wreck a Hotel and Hall
During: . an Entertainment
OPENING WEEK
WILL BE DULL
MRS. 0ELR1CHS ;
FEELS ALARM
PASTOR SCORES
ALL DANCERS
FROLIC MARRED
BY EXPLOSION
RESOURCES OF CHICAGO UNDERTAKERS
TAXED TO BURY STRICKEN df Y'S DEAD
THE SAN FRANCISCO ¦ CALL, MONDAY, : JANUARY 4, 1904.
WANTS MARRIAGE OP
PRINCESS ANNULLED
Prince Frederick Has Petitioned the
Pope and Charges Infidelity of
Don Carlos* Daughter.-
ROME, Jan. 3.— Prince Frederick of
Schoenburg-Waldenburg has sent a
lawyer to the Vatican to present a peti
tion to the Pope asking ]foV the annul
ment of the marriage of the Prince
•with the Princess Alice, daughter of
Don Carlos, pretender to the Spanish
throne. The Prince's petition , will say
that the infidelity of r the Princess has
been proved.
A cablegram was received yesterday
from revolutionary sources at Puerto
Plata that General Caceres, the provi
sional Vice President, has been killed.
DOAN'S KIDNEY PILLS.
7 CITIZENS STORY.-
'Told by & Sab Francisco Citizen for the
Benefit of S&a Francisco People.
The greatest importance attached to
the following is that it concerns a San
Francisco citizen.- It would lose three-
quarters of its interest if It involved
some resident of Kalamazoo. Mich., or
¦VVoonsoclIet. Ft. I. Like all the testimony
which has appeared here, and like all
¦which wilt follow about the OH! Quaker
remedy. Doan's Kidney Pills, It comes
from residents, fellow citizens and neigh-
bors. No other remedy can show such a
record of home cures. Read this case:
l/ouis SanqUinctti. huckster, of 1319
Irjpont street, says: "I was so crippled
¦with pain in my back, in fact I was laid
up with it. that I could not attend to my
*ork. when Doan's Kidney Pills came to
niy notice and I took a course of the
treatment. Previous to that I had ex-
hausted my knowledge of known reme-
dies gathered from reading and pre-
scribed by my friends. Some recom-
mended this and some recommended
that. I took Doan's Kidney Pills as I
had taken other preparations in the past,
with very little expectation of -eceivingr
*ny results, and I must confess I was
more than surprised when the aching in
my back stopped. That is six months
ag> and it has not returned. I honestly
. recommend Doan's Kidney Pills to oth-
ers (i<1 that they may know about a prep-
aration upon which they can depend."
For sale by all dealers. Price £0 cents.
Foster-MHburn Co.. Buffalo. X. Y., sole
agents for the United BUtes.
Hemember the name, Doan's, and take
no substitute.
To spread the good news
- 1 - Schilling's Best — is to
Bprcad prosperity.
Money back; at your grocer's.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
El * .»sC*RCHINa HIS SOUL rOR SOUND* TO TCLL MOW SCANT HC WAS."
I " RED S AUNDERS " — his three / '¦
I strange pets and the fresh bulldog. 1
I ' The funniest story Henry Wallace .
i jrilllllUb Ild.o WllLLCIl* % J/l\~LLllCo
I Other features of the January number of |
U" : {' Can the SOUTH solve the Idi M. Tarbell's great story of ..•*'" |*j f]
I NEGRO PROBLEM? ROCKE.FE,LLE.R / - The |
H . • * *. j- • • t *i« * which "is one of the most ..•**«*, Norerober B
I An important discussion of this great .- . . ,• >• ••\»cr , nd n«em- i
i ' . ' ~ , o t_ ' ' : startling revelations that . ..•• o f b« numbS^f I
I national question by Carl Schurz who. " .. come to s'^\£-£^Jl |
I -V. of -all Americans in. public life to-day;is American people y^^ntT^hTit §
I .best qualified from-pcrsonal experience to fora long . sZ*JZ£?f£ y^A^en I
I Wri'C on it." v " while." .>* *O° .S. S. McCIure Co.,135 East |
W^McClure's^jb. Cents a Copy— 41.00 a Year V;'- I
& -At Any Price the Best" ,s ° : A ur t ,,..: .....!.... JF. A. Falkenburg, Chief Officer orOrder, Will, Upon Occasion of
Visit to Camps in and About* Oakland,. Be Guest at Function
of Magnitude Open to Public by Invitation From Members
NOTABLE RECEPTION TO BE HELD
IN HONOR OF WOODMEN'S CONSUL
OAKLAND RESIDENTS WHO
WILL, ENTERTAIN AT THE
WOODMEN'S RECEPTION.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 3.— A dispatch re
ceived at the Navy Dejjartment ir<SrntRear
Admiral Rands, commanding ' the ' training
squadron, to-day says the torpedo boat destroy
er Lawrence, which was rammed by the steam
ship Olivette, at Key,' West,: Is not seriously
cUuna^cd, . " '. *'. \ ? '•'.- * ~." • ¦ ¦-•
six to ten rooms, ranging in price from
$250Q,,to $5000. Rents have Increased
both for business and residence prop
erty, the former .bringing -from twenty
to. twenty-five per cent more than In
1901 and 1902 and, the latter about fif
teen per cent more. As to the amount
of business we have handled during
the year I cannot state the figures at
present, but it is far in advance of any
previous year." ¦'-, . . . \\ ;
BALTIMORE. Jan. 3.— Cardinal
Gibbons preached the sermon "at high
mass in the -cathedral to-day and at
the conclusion. of the service held his
second New Year's reception at the
archepiscopal residence. -Fifteen hun
dred pehsons attended the mass and
remained- to shake hands with the
Cardinal. ' . ;'..?
Cardinal Gibbons' Reception.
OAKLAND. Jan. 3. — Rev. Father
McSweeney, "who has been confined to
his bed for the last three weeks, is
able to be out again, much to the
gratification of friends and parishion
ers. The reverend gentleman caught
a severe cold some time ago, which
finally developed symptoms, of pneu
monia, and he was summarily" ordered
to bed by his physician, Dr. D. D.
Crowley. - '
Father*" McSweeney is much im
proved -and hopes to be entirely well
'n a few days. : \ '*
Able to Be Out Again After Three
Weeks of Confinement to Home
•/ and. Bod.' . ..'-¦':
FATHER McSWEENEY
ABOUT ONCE MORE
TACOMA, Wash., Jan. 3.-i-Indians
coming from Ozette to Neah Bay in
canoes report that a small two
masted schooner was wrecked near
Ozette Island about 1 o'clock last
Tuesday morning. They ., say "the
schooner went down aboufa mile from
shore during a southwest gale and
that when * they , lef t " the masts were
sticking out of the water. L
The schooners Alice, Captain Frank,;
and the Surf Duck, Captain Hamks,
left Neah Bay Sunday night loaded
with supplies for the oil fields south
of Hoh River and the Indians think it
was one of these schooners that went
down. The Indians also report that a
large steamer that looked like a'col
lier appeared to be in distress thaY
morning. She was headed south and
when* she struck the brunt of the
storm * she stopped and blew 'her
whistle several times. The Indians Say
she finally turned back and made ¦ for
the entrance .to the 'straits. '• :
Schooner Is Reported to Have Gone
Down and a Collier Has Diffi
culty in Storm.
INDIANS CONVEY NEWS
OP A NORTHERN WRECK
Mmef'Chappius died and was buried.
On complaint of her relatives the body
was exhumed, but no trace of poison
was found in the' stomach. Mme. Mar
tin has been arrested and witnesses
have testified to her alleged control
over the' dead woman, but it is not be
lieved she will be \ prosecuted unless
facts are developed showing that she
physically, brought .about the death of
Mme. Chappius.
PARIS, Jan. 3. — Paris is deeply inter
ested in the alleged hypnotic murder of
a woman named Chappius, 61 years old,
whose surviving relatives Include Leon
Gresse, an operatic conductor;.Lieu
tenant Giradot of the army and M.
Toutaln, a bank official. The neighbors
of the Chappius woman were a family
named Martin, consisting of husband
and wife, who are spiritualists. 1 It is
alleged that Mme. Martin obtained a
commanding influence over Mme. Chap
pius with the result that Mme. Chap
plus made a will in her. favor, cutting
off her natural heirs.
His satanic majesty takes off his
hat every time he meets a hypocrite.
NB"W«CORK. Jan. 3.— Th« greater Bart of
the bunSlng at the southwest 6 c£SHf P s£ad
way and Leonard s tre«t wa« destroyed by an
Incendiary lira to-night. -The ¦> damage will
reach $125,000. The bunding ww occS^l^l by
a number of firms. TT .
Vovis Wrought Up -Over Death
' of a Bich, Woman Who. Was
Under Mesmeric Influence
The operation that was performed by
Dr. O. D. Hamlin Friday night has
proved successful, and if the wounded
man does not suffer a relaps? j n the
next few days he will recover. Still the
wound is a serious one. There is a bad
puncture of the liver through the body
of that organ and not through the out
side, and the bullet has lodged in the
muscles of the back, where it can be
extracted at any time. The physicians
do not deem it wise to attempt any
thing of the kind now, Jn order that the
system may be given as much rest- as
possible. The greatest danger is from
the 'serious character of the puncture
of the liver.
OAKLAND. Jan. 3.— Meiner Allseits
has just a chance for life, and Otto
Simons, who shot at him at Lorin on
New Tear's morning, may yet escape a
charge of murder, for Simons will not
be charged with any crime unless All-
Beits dies.
Successful and Wounded Man
May He Restored.
Operation of Friday Xight Proves
TkLEIXEU AliLSEITS HAS f
CHANCE OF RECOVERY
KILLED BY AID
OF HYPNOTISM
High Honors for Dead Confederate.
GAINESVILLE, Ga., Jan. 3.— Tha
funeral of General James Longstreet
will be held here Tuesday. All naval
and military organizations of the city
will attend in a body. The remains will
lie in state ¦ at the "courthouse until
Wednesday morning; Interment will
be with full military, honors.
In this respect I urge young men of educa-
H.°. n , an , d , ch *™ c "r to fit themselves for po
litical life, and while' at first they may fall
to bring about better and clean and pure gov
ernment, eventually it must come.
As for tbe religious life of the hist year, the
religious sentiment as expressed in social set
tlements and philanthropic associations has
been more marked than' ever before
The conduct of civic affairs of the land is to
be deplored and especially deplorable was the
overwhelming victory of the Tammany forces
In New York City. While our National Gov
ernment Is the best in the world, the govern
ernment of many American cities is notoriously
corrux*t. ¦*'.'. ¦ . . - .
Spencer had been called an acnostic by
Christian ministers and papers, but I would call
him the rreatest seeker after truth of our
generation. His Influence on education and his
development ' of the science of sociology were
of enormous benefit to the world. Consul
Booth-Tucker^ deaths must be felt keenly by
all with whom she came in contact, for her
Influence was great indeed. Spencer was the
thinker of truth and Consul Booth-Tucker was
the doer of truth. .
PRAISE FOR SPEXCER.
The death of Herbert Spencer' and the call
ing away of Consul Booth-Tucker were two of
the very regrettable losses.
The jealousies between the great powers of
Europe made posclble the Macedonian disturb
ance* and were a factor of the trouble.' Such
a condition Is to be deplored. As for the threat
ened RuFf=o-Japanfse .war, the clouds of which
darken the horizon, I cannot resist giving to
the Japanese nation the eulogy It merits. We
cannot overlook Japan's wonderful history and
her rapid advancement to" the front rank of
tbe great nations of the world. Were not the
Japane«<e stildiers. noted for their bravery in the
taking of Peking? And/was not their exem
plary conduct after the relief of the city In
marked contrast with the pillaging practiced
by some European soldiers?
The past year has not been without its sad
death record in the ranks of men and women
nf note an-1 world wide distinction and philan
thropy. ' ' '
FACTOR OP TROUBLE.
"A Diary of 1903" was the subject of
a sermon delivered by the Rev. Clar
ence Reed at the California-street Meth
odist Episcopal Church last night. Mr.
Reed said in part:
The last year cannot be said to have been
ripe of great events, but It has been more a
year of preparation. The revolution in Panama
and the recognition of the republic by the
United Slates an<l England and its bearing on
the construction of the canal are matters of
the year which are of paramount Importance.
Again, the sett!em<>nt,of the Alaskan boundary
dispute betwen America and Canada Is pro
phetic of the time when all International con
troversies will be settled by arbitration.
Among thof-e things which In the last year
have happened to cause regret was the deplor
able Jewish marsacre that- took place in Klshe
nev. ¦ I regret the prejudice that exists againet
the Jews in Christian countries. *
DENVER. Colo., Jan. 3.— Governor
Peabody to-night declared a modified
form of martial law In Tellnrid© and
that city will be placed under the sams
restrictions as now prevail at Crlppla
Creek. The object of the order is un-»
derstood to be to prevent the return
of, the men who were arrested and sent
out of the district.
Martial Law at Telluride.
Rev. Clarence Reed Reviews
Happenings of a Political, So
cial and Philanthropic Nature
GIVES A DIARY
OF LAST YEAR
The regular quarterly meeting of
the Police Commissionera as a Pension
Board will be* held to-day. The most
important matter to be considered la
the retirement of Captain Dunlevy of
the Harbor district. It was under
stood that he was to hand In bis resig
nation prior to the meeting, to take
effect on April 1, but he has not dona
so. What action the board will take is
a matter of conjecture.
Police Pension Board to Meet.
OAKLAND, Jan.' 4.— The Woodmen
of the World' are going to give Head
Consul. F. A. Falkenburg a reception
that is worthy of the order to-morrow
evening at the First Presbyterian
Church. The head consul wil at that
time make the first official visit to the
camps In and about Oakland that he
has made for near two years, and the
camps are going to show the head con
sul what they can do in the way of
turn-out and a reception.
The. meeting will be open to the
public but only upon invitation,
and cards .of admission can be
secured from members of the order.
Superior Judge F. B. Ofcden, /who is
past consul commander of Oakland
Camp No. 94, and who was one of the
early and, hardest working members of
the order/ will preside during the even-
Ing,., and Rev. E. E. Baker, ptistor of
the First Presbyterian Church, will de
liver an address in introducing Mr.
Falkenburg. There will be an excellent
programme of music. . '.¦ \ ¦¦„
Head Consul Falkenburg will leave
for Los Angeles in a few days, and
from there will go tb Denver, the head
quarters of the Pacific jurisdiction of
the order, and it will be some time be
fore the people of- California will have
another opportunity to hear him. The
arrangements for this affair are in the
hands of a committee composed of J.
J. Mc.Connell and Charles Krytser of
Oakland. Camp and S. T. Dodson, who
ls.actlng, organizer for the State In the
place of W. L. Temple,- who was killed
In the, Byron j wreck. .. . .
S Mr. Falkenbure says that the . order
¦ has* 25,000 members in this State. The
head consul has still seventy-five visits
to make before leaving California." Iu
September he takes charge of the,Na
tional Fraternal Congress to be held at
the : St. Louis Exposition,' and to be
participated in by sixty-one fraternal
organizations, having 5,000,000 members
and paying out $1,225,000 in death ben- 1
eflts. "r: ; /-¦; - -v .. ., :
programme • for to-morrow even-
Ing' is as follows: j> )
Organ prelude — "Fanfare" Lemmens
v. Miss Mabel -.Hill., t , . :
Song — "When the Corn is Waving" Buck
Knickerbocker \ Quartet (Herbert - Williams,
first tenor; D. B. Crane, first bass; Dr. R.
"W. Smith, second tenor; L. A. Larsen, ieo
'dndbaEs.) . , '
Barytone solo — "Toreador Love Song" ....
........... :..R.E. J. Kern
h.M. D. Hynes. ¦>¦¦¦¦ ¦
vwj>vvu« i«i<««i of the committee).. Selected
¦r ¦ Miss Jessie Falkenburg. "¦ ; ¦
"Song of the Vikings" Mixed Quartet
Mrs. N. C. NellBen. soprano; Miss M. Chris
ten, cdhtralto; John W. Gwilt, tenor; R.
"E. J. Kern, barytone. ¦ ,
Tenor solo^'.'AH for You". .'. .... .D'Ardelant
¦ - j \ . Herbert Williams." '
Introductory ' address — Hon. F. A. Falkenburg
.;•',:- Rev; E. E.; Baker.
Trio— "Praise Ye" ... *......
Mrs. N. Cy Neilson, John W. Gwilt, R. E..J.
-•¦«•¦ ¦ -¦ •"¦»"¦ ¦'¦ ¦:•¦•*': Kerns. ?' . • - ¦¦¦:'.¦ -.••..
Song— Selected.... ..Mies M. Christen
Song— "Lucky Jim*'..: .Knickerbocker* Quartet
Cornet sole— "Ah! I Have Sighed to Rest Me"
• .(From. "II ,Trovatore")
i - . . . Wf. J. Henderson. '•¦..¦ ¦-• - -
Bong— "Marguerite" . . . ... . . . . ..Mixed Quartet
Mrs; N. C. Neilson, John W. Gwilt, Miss M.
•< Christen. R. E. J. Kern. ,
Solo— "Annie Laurie" . ................... Buck
: >¦" ' Lr A. : Larsen (assiBted by quartet).'
Solo^Selected ......,.;. ... . v Mrs. N. C. Neilson
More fun from M. .D. Hynes., •
Organ finale— yMarcheet Cortege (by request)
• .'* • ....'.... : ;-.•¦. :. .-. . ; . . . ... ; ; .Gounod
r. -I Miss Mabel Hill. „'-"
•;*. Accompanist,' Miss Laura Moorfc.--^*' ¦ "
The boy showed great courage and
fortitude, for he made his way home
ward as rapidly as he could and did
not find time to faint or cry. It was a
long walk, and the wound was painful
and he lost not a little blood, but he
maintained his courape to the last. Dr.
J. H. Callan was called and dressed the
wound. The doctor says that while no
serious results are feared, the young
hunter will remain in bed for a while.
Young Woodmansee, in company with
Walter Whitney, walked out toward
Redwood Peak to try his favorite
Christmas present, a small rifle, upon
the squirrels that can be found in every
fpnee corner. The lad was very proud
of the new weapon, and he was anxious
to bring home some trophies of his abil
ity to handle it.
It was the old story of trying to drag
the gun through the brush with the
muzzle toward him, and when the trig
ger caught the bullet penetrated the
right breast, inflicting a serious and
painful wound.
While Hunting Squirrels Charles
Woodniaiwi' Sends Bullet Into
His Own Body.
OAKLAND, Jan. 3.— Charles Wood
mansee, a 14-year-old lad living at
Fruitvale, shot himself accidentally in
the right breast with a 22-caliber rifle
while hunting in the hills to-day and
walked three miles to his mother's
house, wounded as he was, in order to
secure medical assistance.
BOY ACCIDENTALLY SHOOTS
HIMSELF ' WITH A RIFLE
Boiling over of fat that v.as being
fried out on a gas stove caused a fire
this afternoon in the residence of Mrs.
F. M. Kanable, 1202 Fourteenth street.
Richard Scott owner. The damage
was $200.-- •
Mrs. Holmes said she owned the
building, which carried $3200 insurance.
The loss is $1500 to $2000.*
Policeman Fahey saw the fire burn
ing briskly' in the' upper part of the
two-story structure. An alarm was
sounded from box 15 at 2:&< o'clock.
When the firemen arrived the hall, roof
and sides were all ablaze. Mrs. Holmes
and her daughter did not awake, until
after the firemen had broker» into the
unoccupied store on the lower floor,
back of which were the family's living
rooms. Smoke clouded the apartments
and the wonder is that the two wom
en were not overcome.
The fire started in an annex to the
main hall, which was used as a banquet
hall, but had not been in service for
some time. An ironworkers' union held
a meeting In the hall last nighu Miss
Holmes said she went upstairs at 11:30
o'clock and turned out the lights. Three
hours later the building was in flames.
Chief "Engineer Ball or ths Fire De
partment and Fire Warden George Me*
Donald made a thorough examination
of the place after the flames were sub
dued, but could find no oause for the
fire. ' They thought that a smoldering
cigar end might have dropped into a
corner and started the fire, but this
was only a theory.
Mrs. A.-; Holmes and her daughter,
Miss Lizzie H. Holmes, occupying
rooms in the rear under Golden West
Hall, Peralta street, near Thirty-fourth,
had a narrow escape early this morn
ing from suffotation in the burning
building. Firemen chopped their way
Into the place and aroused tbe sleeping
women, who fled to neighbors' houses
in their nieht robes, after the invading
firefighters had alarmed the slumber
•rl.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
.1118 Broadway, Jan. 3.
Mother and Her Daughter Are
Aroused While Sound Asleep
in a Building • All Aflame
BLOOMIXGTON. 111., Jan. 3. —
Riotous scenes marked the street car
strike to-day. Windows in six cars
were smashed by missiles thrown by
strike sympathizers who congregrated
several hundred strong at various
points along the line. J. Knocks and
G. R. Morris were dragged from their
cars and severely beaten. The Mayor
admits that he is not able to cope with
the situation and President Demongs
of the street car company announces
that to-morrow he will request the
Mayor to ask for militia.
Bloomington's Major Is Helpless and
-Militia May Be Ordered.
STRIKERS BECOME RIOTOUS.
H. P. Bancroft: -"Oakland has made
greater progress in the last, year than
ever before. 1 More building has been
done, more outside capital invested,
and there is a greater demand for busi
ness locations than ever before during
the history of the city." Suburban resi
dence property has been in great de
mand, Especially in the northern part
of .the city. In short, more real; estate
has changed hands and larger . single
sales have been made in 1903 than ever
before in a single year." ¦ ,
A.- J. - Snyder: "Our -business during
the. last year has. been greater than
ever before. People who wish -to se
cure residence and business "property
do not seem tg, be particular about the
prices so long as they are suited In re
gard to location and style. -The great
est-demand this* year has been for
modern ? cottages" and ' houses of ' from
PROGRESS IS GREAT.
"One of the great needs of Oakland
at present is one or two first-class cen
trally located commercial hotels, . and
at least one large tourist hotel .to ac
commodate the increased number of
business men and summer visitors. And
more than anything else we need stores
—modern, well appointed stores. Dur
ing the last year, the rents of stores
in good locations have increased from
twenty to fifty per cent and it is al
most impossible to secure large stores
at anyprie'e. Places oh San Pablo and
Telegraph avenues ' which formerly
rented for $50 and $60 now bring from
$100 to $150, and even at these prices
few are to be had." • -. ¦¦¦/'.£;?
"In March, 1903, the assessed value of
Oakland real estate was $49,000,000, an
increase^ since 1902 of $5,000,000. The
population of the city In 1890 was. 48,632.
In 1900 it was 66,960. and I should say
that at present the population is about
93,000. I should estimate the trade pop
ulation of Oakland and its suburbs at
150,000. and by 1910 I believe that it
will exceed 250,000."
J. H. Macdonald: "Our -sales last
year amounted to more than. $1,350,000,
which Is .far In- advance of the business
done b ( y us in any previous year. Th.e
prosperity of 1903 is largely duetto the
work of the Oakland' Board of Trade
in advertising the city and interesting
Eastern people in its. rapid develop
ment and splendid location for a com
mercial center. .
VALUES INCREASING.
Following are estimates of the in
crease in business given by well-known
dealers in realty:
W. J. Laymance: "I should say, judg
ing from the business done by our firm,
and from the reports of other dealers,
that the value of real estate that has
changed hands during Xhe last year
will aggregate $10,000,000. More than
$3,000,000 has been invested in the erec
tion of residences, cottages and fiats,
and the value of manufacturing struc
tures and business blocks erected dur
ing 1903 will exceed $2,000,000. . .
"The best y^ar in the history of the
city/'. This is the opinion expressed by
nearly all the local real estate dealers,,
who aerree that, a larger amount of
property has-. changed. hands and more
buildings have been erected than ever
before during- a single year. The year
1903 has witnessed the demolition of
the old market building at Eleventh
and "Washington streets, and the erec
tion of a substantial business block in
Its place. During the last year the
Produce Exchange has been erected, af
fording 1 a commodious place of business
for local commission men; a large new
theater building is In course of con
struction on Broadway, 'near Four
teenth street, and before many months
of the present year have passed Oak
land's first skyscraper, the magnificent
eleven-story office building, which will
be the home of the Union Savings Bank,
will have been completed.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway, Jan. 3.
FIRE FIGHTERS
RESCUE WOMEN
Better Than Ever Before
Prominent Dealers in . Realty
Report Market Conditions
GOOD FORTUNE
FOR OAKLAND
The police say that they have an
idea who the assailant of Miss Carney
is and expect to capture him.
Miss Carney was hurriedly removed
to the Emergency Hospital, where Dr.
Millar treated her wounds. She was
weak from the loss of blood "and her
nervps were wrecked ' by the awful
shock. Her" wounds are .not serious,
though had the blade of the razor
gone an inch lower her Jirgular vein
would have been severed and she
would have bled to death.
He overtook them -before they had
gone far and approaching them, said:
"I am going to walk along with you,
girls." The two women, now thor
oughly alarmed, started to run, and
at the same moment the negro, with
an oath, nulled a razor out of his
pocket and started after them.
He soon overtook Miss Carney and
slashed her with the blade. It buried
itself in her neck, just missing the
jugular vein. He made a second slash
at the helpless young woman and in
flicted anotheh cut, laying open her Jaw.
In the meantime Mrs. Knight called
loudly for help. Her cries were an
swered by Patrolman Nye of the North
End police station. As soon as the
negro saw the policeman he took to his
heels and ran along Baker street and
was soon lost in the darkness. The pa
trolman gave chase, but failed to cap
ture the brute.
They continued their tactics and
finally became abusive and insulting.
The women appealed to the conductor
of the car, but he was powerless to
make the blacks cease their insults
and the women became thoroughly
frightened.
When the car reached the corner
of Baker and Greenwich streets Miss
Carney and Mrs. Knight alighted and
started to walk to their home. They
noticed that one of the j colored men
srot off at the same corner, and ob
serving this the women hurried .their
footsteps and sought to avoid the man.
A brutal negro soldier, supposed to be
a member of the Ninth Cavalry Regi
ment, now stationed at the Presidio,
slashed Miss Ethel Carney across the
face with . a razor last night shortly
before midnight at the corner of Baker
and Greenwich streets, which is near
the Presidio entrance. The attack on
the young woman was entirely unwar
ranted, and the burly black, after sev
eral attempts to cut the throat of the
young woman, slunk away in the dark
ness and escaoed.
Miss Carney, in company with Mrs.
J. W. Knight, was returning to their
home, 2588 Lombard street, on a
Union-street car. Seated near them
were five negro soldiers, dressed in
cavalry uniforms. As soon as the two
women entered the car the negroes
made several attempts to speak to
them, but were ignored.
He assured McAndrew, however,
that he would not kill him. and there
upon threw the cartridges from his
revolver into a cuspidor. He then
walked out of the office, but was ar
rested shortly.
Sergeant Ellis and Patrolman
Dower were summoned and had Le
Rivere removed to the Harbor Hos
pital, where it was found that a bul
let had entered the left breast. Can
ivette disappeared before the arriral
of the police and was found some
time after in the fo'castle of the ship
Jean. He was also taken to the hos
pital, and it was found upon examina
tion that a bullet had struck him on
the breast bone. It is feared that the
leaden missile penetrated a vital or
gan. Another bullet inflicted ah
abrasion on his left arm. Both of the
men are" in a precarious condition.
Four shots were fired, and Sprengel
then ran to Crowley's boathouse and
withdrawing the discharged cartridges
from his revolver threw them into a
cuspidor. He then departed, going
toward Market street.
Jim McAndrew, in charge of Crow
ley's boathouse, states that he was
startled by the shots, and just as he
was going outside to investigate Spren
gel rushed into the office floruishing- a
revolver.
As the result of a shooting affray on
East street, near Vallejo, last night
about 11 o'clock, Pasquale Canivette,
a sailor on the French ship Jean, and
Alfred Le Rivere of the ship Ernest
Legouve are lying at the Harbor Hos
pital dangerously wounded.
Captain George Sprengel, who did
the shooting, was captured by Officers
HcPartland and Esola and locked up
in the Harbor station. Sprengel Is
the master of the schooner Neptune,
lying off Filbert-street wharf. He
says that five Frenchmen followed
him and one of them knocked h's hat
off. He feared for his life, he said,
and fired in self-defense.
From the account of Fred Parrott, an
eyewitness to the shooting, the two
wounded men, in company with three
other sailors, were on the way to their
Vessel, lying at Filbert -street wharf.
When near the corner of Vallejo street
Parrott says he saw Sprengel flourish a
revolver at the Quintet and order
them to turn back. Suddenly he com
menced firinc and two of the bullets
found lodgment in the bodies of Cani
vette and Le Rlvene.
"We have a large city correspondence
and send many letter daily. We have
been delayed In our business and great
annoyance has resulted by the non
delivery of letters for two and three
days at a time. In two instances let
ters addressed to residents in this city
and mailed at Station .K at an early
hour in the afternoon did not reach
their destination in the Mission until
the last delivery two 'days later.
"In one case, N a letter mailed at
Fourth and Market streets on a Mon
day evening at 7 o'clock did not reach
the person addressed, 'on Folsom and
Twenty-third streets, until the follow
ing. Wednesday afternoon.
"In' another instance, manuscript
mailed by us to printers on Tuesday
evening did\ not reach them until the
following Thursday afternoon."
Several letter-carriers, when their at
tention was called to the delinquency,
said that complaints have been numer
ous, for months and have welcomed
news that complaints would be made
to the department. The inspectors and
the new Postmaster will take the mat
ter ud at once. •
GREAT DELAY IX DELIVERY.
An instance of the delay. in the city.
delivery -.of mail is shown by the state
ment made yesterday by the manager
of a well-known publishing firm In*
San Francisco. ' In speaking of the
matter he said:
Superintendent of City Ttelivery Cox
saj-s that there Is nothing in the com
plaints of carriers as to the cause of
the delay in mail delivery, and when
asked regarding this aspect of the mat
ter he treated it lishtly.
It is said that Postmaster Fisk pro
poses to make a thorough investigation
of the complaints and that .Superin
tendent of City Delivery Cox may be
disrated to a subordinate position if It
is found that he is • responsible for the
delay In the delivery of mail.
It has also been stated on good au
thority that Postmaster Fisk and the
local postal inspectors will request the
Government to Increase the force of the
Postcfflce in San Francisco by twenty
five or thirty, extra men — this for the
purpose of giving, better. service to the
resident sections. of the city. .
Postmaster Fisk will have a task dur
ing his first few weeks in office
straightening out the tangle into which
the # free delivery service has become
involved. Hundreds of complaints from
residents.of the Mission, the Western
Addition and all outlying districts of
the city have been accumulating dur
ing the last three months, and no sys
tematic attempt to investigate them ap
parently has been made.
This deplorable state of affairs has
existed ever since the removal of J. W.
Erwin, who had general supervision of
free delivery on this coast. Erwin's
place has not been filled from Wash
ington, but his former duties have been
looked after by one of City Superin
tendent A. M.. Cox's assistants.
But there is a very great difference.
The postal . inspectors under Erwin's
direction were .prompt to investigate
complaints of./ slow delivery of mail
and suggest remedies. Since Erwin's
retirement, however, the ' complaints,
instead of being turned over to in
spectors to be investigated, have been
allowed to pile up. • The result has
been a vast accumulation of com
plaints, while the inspectors are hav
ing an easy time and the suffering
public is compelled to endure the in
convenience of a poor service.
The carriers admit that many of
the complaints are Justified, but claim
they are overworked and that addi
tional help should be provided. The
inspectors agree that more carriers
are needed and it is probable that
some action to relieve the present un
satisfactory conditions will be taken
soon.
The unanimity with which the meni
have acted has surprised the contpany.
The submissive manner in which the
steel workers have accepted all the
changes led the superintendents to be
lieve that all they had to do was to
announce the wages that the company
Is willing to pay, and the men would
resume work. But the workmen are
prosperous. They have had steady
work during the last four years at good
wages and can afford to remain idle
several months without requiring as
sistance.
The trouble was started at the forty
inch mills in Homestead when three
crews, numbering about 450 men.
stopped work on Saturday. The crews
of every other mill held .meetings and
sent committees to A. R. Hunt with
counter-propositions and advised him
that the company's wages would not
be accepted. Heaters and rollers who
have been paid $2 72 for every one
hundred tons In the big: mills, have
been cut to $1 74. The men agree to
accept a reduction to $2 for every ona
hundred tons.
PITTSBURGH Pa.. Jan- 3.—Indica
tions point to a- metal strike at the
Homestead mills of the Carnegie Steel
Company. The men are not organized,
but they have suddenly assumed an
organized form within the plant and
committees have been appointed to is
sue an ultimatum to the company.
A. R. Hunt, the superintendent has
received five days* notice to meet the
scale of wages formulated by the ton
nage men. Unless a compromise 13
agreed upon, the Homestead plant will
be Idle.
Thera is no doubt that the strike will
extend to the Duquesne mills, the
Edgar Thompson plant in Braddock
and other plants controlled by the
Carnegie Steel Company. All employes
of the concern except some of the low
est wage earners have had their wages
reduced. Prom the railroad men up
to the head rollers everybody is dis
gruntled.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
Work of Local Office Demor
alized Following Removal
of Inspector James W. Erwin
When- Spurned^ as an Escort
Colored Soldier Seeks Re
venge by Attempting Murder
Assailant Flees After Commis
sion of Tragedy, but Is Cap
tured Later by Police Officers
Trouble Will Probably Extend
to Other Mills Owned by;
the Carnegie Steel Company;
BUFFIAN AVOIDS ARREST
.WOUNDS 31 AY PROVE FATAL
FIVE DAYS' NOTICE GIVEN
INVESTIGATION DEMANDED
Pasquale Canivette and Alfred
Le Bivere Are the Victims of
Most Peculiar ShootingAffray
Ethel Carney Is the Victim
of a Dastardly Assault Near
Entrance to the Presidio
Complaints Pile Up in Post
office From Indignant Citi
zens in Outlying Districts
Men Are Dissatisfied at Kecent
Keduction of Waffes and
a [Walkout is Threatened
TWO SAILORS
ARE WOUNDED
BRUTAL NEGRO
SLASHES WOMAN
MAIL DELATED
IN DELIVERY
STRIKE BREWING
AT HOMESTEAD
THE - SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY' 4, 1904.
4
JjR^ltKtE'S I
BLOOD LI VFPii^rtc^
Hydrorone is endorsed by Ieadinz
Physicians. It is absolutely harm-
less, yet mdst powerful healing
agent Hydrozone destroys para-
sites which cause these diseases.
Take no substitute and see that
every bottle bears my signature.
Trla.1 Size, 25 Cents. '
% At Breasts or by mall, from
Qj (Efcsfc3k£fc±» 61.0 Fxtoe. S*.
0* TS-=-gl«>«-» " *nr Tot*.
Eczema, Salt Rheum, Pimples,
Ringworm, Itch, Ivy Poison, Acne
or other skin troubles, can bo
promptly cured by
Skin Diseases
ADVERTISEMENTS.The officers of the Italian-Swiss Col
ony celebrated its twenty-second an
niversary last Saturday night. A ban
quet was given to the salesmen and
employes by the officers of the colony
at a downtown restaurant.
. President P. C. Rossi presided and
A. Sbarboro acted as toaatmaster. The
room was prettily decorated with flow
ers and greens. Some of the colony's
choicest wines of ten years* bottling
were served. An excellent menu had
been prepared and a feast fit for the
gods was relished by all present.
President Rossi made a speech and
told of the growth of the Italian-Swiss
Colony from a mere 1500 acres of sheep
raising land in Sonoma County to hold
ings of grape raising lands all over
the State, comprising' thousands of
acres. He told of the seven large win
eries owned by the colony in California
and of the benefit they afforded to
thousands of families.
Others who responded to toasts were:
Directors, Dr. P. de yecchl, M. J. Fon
tana, C. AyMalm, L Cuenin and D.
Paroni. S. Federspeil, assistant man
ager of the colony, responded with a
brief speech on behalf of the employes.
Congratulatory, telegrams from the
officers and employes of the Atlantic
Coast, wlio were at the same time hold,
ing a similar banquet, were read and
replies sent.
Those present at the festal board
were: Dr. H.*J. Sartori, L. Profumo,
R. Sbarboro, G. Panarlo, G. Almagla,
G. F. Cavalli, E. Patrizzi, M. Tromm
lltz, H. Schuller, J. Garrlssere, H. Glo
vanessi, P. C. Rossi, president; Dr. G.
Ollino, vice president; A. Sbarboro, sec
retary; A.. E. Sbarboro, assistant sec
retary; S. Federspeil, assistant man
ager; directors, Dr^ P. de Vecchl, M. J.
Fontana, C. A. Malrn.yi; Cuenin and
D. Paroni; * travelers 'and salesmen, J.
R. Molera.,D. S. Simon, H. Bloom, J.
Corecco, E.-^Cerrutl,- J. C. Cohen, S.
Levy, L. Kugel, I. Altman and F. M.
Borello; office' employes; R. G. Hamil
ton, L. Grange, A. G. Dondero, A. Stel
ter, B. N. Poets, Miss A. de Luca. Miss
J. M. Jlrkowsky, A. Perelli Minettl and
C. -Hatch. ZglSi -
NEW DEPARTMENT
FOR ST. PATRICK'S
Rev. Dyer Will Come From Baltimore
to Establish Theological Course
at Menlo Park.
BALTIMORE," Md., Jan. 3.— The
Very Rev. E. R. Dyer. S. S.. president
of St. Mary's Seminary here and re
cently appointed by Pope Pius Vicar
General of the Sulpician Order in
America, will leave for San Francisco
January 6 to confer with Archbishop
Riordan and Bishop Montgomery of
San Francisco concerning the estab
lishment of a theological department
in connection with St. Patrick's Semi
nary, at Menlo Park, California.
The department will.be under. the
direction of the Sulpician Fathers.
Father Dyer will remain in California
about three weeks. At St. Patrick's
Seminary he has an old friend in the
person of its president, the Rev. J. A.
StulbeVt, S. S., who was formerly pro
fessor in St. Charles College, near El
liott City, Md.
Controversy Is Amicably Settled.
BAKERSFIELD, Jan. 3. — The con
troversy between the Santa Fe and
the California Consolidated Oil Fields
Company over the right of way for
the Sunset Railroad extension has
been settled amicably and the guards
who have been patrolling the territory
for several weeks have been with
drawn. The matter was compromised
and It is understood that the oil com
pany has obtained the concessions de
sired from^the railroad in return for
the right of way asked.
Entertainment For the Veterans.
YOUNTVILLE. Jan. 3.— Under the
•direction of Mrs. Nellie Holbrook
Blinn an enjoyable entertainment' was
given at the Veterans' Home last
evening. The entertainment consisted
of a drama entitled "Lost Paradise,"
presented by the Aldridge" company.
There were costume dances by Miss
Nordlne and songs and dances by
Teddy Muldoon.
President Eossi Delivers an Ad
dress arid Tells^ of Growth
From Small Beginning
GROWTH OF WINE INDUSTRY
Italian-Swiss Colony Observes
Its Twenty-Second Birthday
With Banquet to Employes
The destinies of this club are pre
sided over by the genial Mrs. George
Halght, while Mrs. Nathan H. Frank
fulfills , the duties of secretary. The
club /is certainly to be congratulated
upon having a speaker so eminently
fitted to talk on the "Forestry Policy of
the Government" as is W. H. Mills.
On all things a ready speaker, on this
topic he is an authority, drawing, on
his many years of study of all matters
pertaining to forestry.
Sections — "Historical Query Box," Mme.
Emilia Tojetti: mythological and ancient hia
tory. Mrs. O. V. Thayer, chairman, second and
fourth Thursdays, 2514 Washington street, 2
p. m.; civic, Mrs. A. W. Terrlll. chairman,
first and third Wednesdays, clubhouse, 1:30
p. m.; French, Mrs. John Martinon. chairman,
eecond and fourth Tuesdays, 2526 Union, 2
p. m. : original writers, Mrs. Ella M. Sexton,
flret and third Wednesdays, clubhouse, 1:15
p. m. ; Shakespeare, Mrs. A. 'B. Evans, chair
man, second and fourth Wednesdays, Mrs, W.
J. Gray's. 2417 Pacific avenue, 2 p. m.
The Laurel Hall Club, meeting at 1620
California street, issued the following
calendar for the month:
January 6. 2:30 p. m.. business meeting —
Programme at 3 p. m. : Mnslc; vocal eoloe, (a)
"The Haymaker" (Needham), O>) "Spring Has
Come" (White), Miss Xena Roberts; address,
"The Forestry Policy of the Government of the
United States," William H. Mills. Members
privileged to Invite a cuest.
The Susan B. Anthony Club held a
public session in Golden Gate Hall on
Monday last, when Miss Gail Laughlin
addressed the assemblage upon "Child
Labor." Among the telling points made
by this logical speaker was that Cali
fornia stands convicted of the crime 'of
child labor— that while a law stands on
our statute books forbidding children
under 12 to labor, the abuse goes stead
ily oa. Women of the civic clubs,
awaken to this slogan, "Away with
child labor!" If a man or woman puts
forth a child Into the vortex of the
world and cannot provide for its phys
ical necessities — letting alone the moral
— then It becomes the duty of the State
to take care of it and educate it, until
it is on a fair way to care for itself in
telligently. And the law has fixed this
age at 12. Herein lies the solution of
all our political and social problems,
and the only "intelligent solution.
The Irving Club is one of the clever
est little clubs in clubdom; it meets in
Utopia Hall, and presents many things
that would do credit to older and larger
clubs. Mrs. C. J. Bauer is president of
this body of Irving Institute graduates,
which reflects much credit upon its
alma mater. The following programme
will be presented this month:
January 7 — Piano, Miss Meta Wolters; vocal.
Miss Alice Busch; readings. Miss Elizabeth
Bartlett; vocal. Miss Ida- Purlenky.
January 21— "Modern Fiction." Miss Ethel
Deb, Mrs. Alexander Masson, Miss Lydia Mil
ler.
Tuesday, January 12 — President's day.
President will meet members in club
rooms from 3 to 5 p. m.
Tuesday, January 1^ — Programme in
charge of the department of social
science. Rev. D. O. Crowley, practical
talk, "The Boys' Farm at Rutherford";
Miss Mary Patton (late of Europe,
"American Hospitals vs. European";
Mrs. i^aura Bride Powers, "The Trea
ty Between General John C. Fremont,*
and Colonel Andrea Pico."
Tuesday, January 26, Social day — Mu
sical and literary programme in charge
of Mrs. E. Xavier Rolker.
The following is the California Club
programme for the month:
Tuesday, January 5 — Programme in
charge of forestry section. Charles W.
Reed, "Forest Conditions In Califor
nia"; Emll Pohli, "Forest Legislation in
California"; Mrs. Emil Pohli. "The
Black Forest"; Miss Katherine Hittell,
address.
The Forum held their New Year's jol
lification on Wednesday. A health to
the Forum! For there, indeid, is good
cheer and good eggnog.
In honor of Mrs. Payot. Mrs. C. J.
Wetmore wrote and sang to the music
of the "Stein Song," some verses enti
tled Here's to Our President." Mme.
de Semlnarib contributed two songs to
the informal programme, 'Mrs. Arthur
Brown recited and Mrs. J. H. Ollmore,
In the costume of an old Aunt Saman
tha, read two appropriate selections.
After this there was a general singing
of college songs and "Auld Lang Syne"
was sung with a swing that carried
with it the zest of good fellowship.
Now, I've not been informed whether
this was an all-day and all-night ses
sion, but from the quality and "quantity
of entertainment it would seem that
the members would have become men
tal dyspeptics. Such splendid material
would have provided good entertain
ment for three monthly sessions. It
seems a pity to pungle up such num
bers into a conglomerate mass, but for
those who could digest It all it was in
deed a feast for the gods. But wouldn't
It be better to distribute such good ma
terial over more time?
•# • •
programme was presented-* Mrs. W. D.
Littleton, lecture, on "Cathedrals of
England;" Dr. H. J. Stewart, talk on
American composers; Miss Jenkins,
solo, "Ecstacy"; Mrs. Beach, "The
Blackbird"; Miss Mabel Hogg, "Lul
laby" and "Auf Wiedersehen"; Miss
Jewel. "Folk Song": Miss Frank, .f Land
of the Iveal"; Miss Foote, "The
Dancer"; Miss Florence Derby, "In the
Woods"; J. H. Rogers, "In the Part
ing"; Miss Julia Goenlnger, "Secreta"
(a composition of Dr. Stewart's) and
"She Wears a Rose in Her Hair."
An intermission followed — which
doubtless was needed after bo lengthy
a programme— when Dr. Crockett spoke
on "Science in Medicine"; Miss Stand
art addressed the 'members "In the
Lighter Vein"; Mrs. Peltret gave a bi
ography of clever Mary E. Wilkins;
Mrs. Fairchild dwelt upon the clever
ness and beauty of Mary E. Johnstone,
and Mrs. Gabb presented a paper on
Helen Keller, the deficient worid-won
der.
The California, the Forum, the
Corona, the Papyrus and the Press
clubs distinguished themselves at this,
the yuletide season.
. The California Club on Tuesday cele
brated Founders' Day. and it proved to
be well worthy of the noble women who
laid the foundation-stone of the great
est civic club in the West. The after
noon was under the guidance of Mrs.
Horace Coffin, and was carried out as
folio wp: Address on founders by Mrs.
J. J. Scoville; play by Miss Ruth Com
fort Mitchell, including the following
ladies in the cast: Mrs. Arthur Corn
wall. Miss Susanne Patch (the leading
part5>. Miss Laura Musto, Mrs. Horace
Coffin. Mrs. W. I. Marion. Mrs. Emil
Pohli. Miss Emilie Kalisher and Mrs.
Rodney Kendrick. Who that- had the
pood fortune to be present could forget
Mrs. Cornwall leaning for support,
mental, spiritual and financial, upon
her diminutive husband, little Susanne
Patch? O. it was funny, supremely
funny!
. And as for the toasts, they were dis
tinctly not the mortuary affairs that
unforturately we sometimes must
hearken unto. They were, every one of
them, full of intelligence, cleverness
ar.d wit. This welfare of the toasts was
<<>nfincd to the following ladles: Mrs.
Oeorge Law Smith, "Our Founders";
Mrs. Aaron Fchloss, "Our President";
Mrs. Hertz, "The Press"; Dr. Minerva
Kibbe. "Our Husbands"; Mrs. Madden,
"Th? Play and the Players"; Mrs.
"Music"; MrE. J.
• W. Orr. "Ourselves."
In the presentation Mrs. Scoville and
Mrs. Bates especially distinguished
Themselves, each carrying the weary
burden of committee chairmanships. It
is sincerely to be hoped that the club
wijl offer again some similar enterprise
that will unveil to a gaping world what
r-lever c'.ubwomc-n can do. And their
"To the Clad New Tear" was the toast
of the clubs during the week, drunk in
bumpers of alluring: punch — almost in
noc<nt, the truth to tell— of the stuff
that makes matutinal headacheF. But
It was good — very good, such as it was.
A fmart rivalry has sprung up between
The punch brewers of the Papyrus Club
and the California Club as to the rela
tive merits of each brew. It will, per
haps, require another test before a fair
decision can be rendered. But secretly,
I for one favor the Papyrus punch, be
cause the California Club unhappily
must dispense with any discernible
amount cf Kentucky brew, because the
ciub inhabits the building dedicated to
the T. M. C. A. But it would seem to
me that the women of the California
Club had arrived at the age of discre
tion — most of us — and could limit with
impunity the capacity of our in
•dulgence. But I am told that Mr. Mc-
Coy said "nay," and "nay" it was.
However, clubdom made merry dur
ing the week, and whether it was tea
.or toddy that toasted the day, the week
sva? a merry one and one not soon to be
forgotten.
ANNIVERSARY
IS CELEBRATED
Y..M.C.A. Does Not Per
mit Use of Liquor
in Punch.
The Corona Club held a red-letter ses
sion last week, at which the following
The Outdoor Art League had a most
delightful afternoon Monday, when J.
Frank Sullivan addressed the ladies on
"Parks." In his official capacity as
Park Commissioner Mr. Sullivan . Is
eminently able to elaborate upon the
question of parks, their necessity, their
care and their ethical value. This lec
ture is in logical sequence to the work
now in the hands of the California
Club, which has at the present moment
the task of finding a playground in the
North Beach district. This is a crying
need of the city— no one knows the
awful congestion existing in this part
of the city lest he has climbed the
Telegrapic steeps to know. In alleys
five feet wide a full company of urchins
could be mustered In ten minutes.
Where do they come from? Well, from
twists and turns and labyrinths that I
would fear to follow lest I'd never get
back. And these are the little ones who
need a breathing place, and "they need
it badly. This is a matter that the la
dies of the club must urge, and 1 urge
urgently.
That was a great day that the
Papj-rus Club offered its friends on
Thursday. What a pity that Mr.
Sweigert was the only man present
to offer an affidavit as to the legiti
macy of the stories thrust upon us
from the platform.
The stories of Mrs. W. S. Leake,
Mrs. Arthur Cornwall, Miss Jenne
Morrow Long, Mrs. Libby and Mrs.
Louise Battles Cooper are warranted
gilt edced.
Pardon me if I retail Mrs. Cooper's,
as it promises the merit of being brief,
which quality is a joy to a Journalist:
•'I met a woman friend the other day
whom I thoroughly dislike. I dislike
her on general principles, but when
she approached me. it being almost a
new year, I thought I would be mag
nanimous and I said, with an awful
wrench, 'Ah! how do you do, my dear?
Awfully glad to see you looking so
well. What a. stunning gown you are
wearing!' Drawing herself to a rather
formidable height, she said supercili
ously. Ind?ed! I am so glad you ad
mire my gown. But— unfortunately—
I — cannot — say so much for yours.'
'O, really,' said I, 'perhaps you could
— if you could lie as readily as I can.' "
Now, that wasn't half bad, was it?
And a woman's story, too. The fol
lowing programme was admirably
rendered:
Thursday, December 31'. 1903. Programme
In charge of Mlns E'.la. jV. McCloskey. Pro
gramme: Press Club Quartet — (a) "Annie Lau
rie" (Dudley Buck), (b) "Simple Simon" (La
cey). J. E. McMillan. R. H. Hunt. George R.
King. R. E. Keene; utories, Mrs. Dorvtlle Lib.
by. Mrs. W. S. Lfeake: reading. "An Order For
a Picture 1 ' (Alice Carey). Mrs. W. P. Buck
ingham; Btoriei!, lime. Caro Roma. Hmt. Ide de
Seminario; contralto solo, "Serenade" (Ben
berg), M!fs Pearl Thurlow Hoesock, accom-
I>anlst Miss KIma Woodbrldge; "A String,"
Mrs. Louine Battlen Cooper; short talk, Charles
A. Sweigert: story, Jenne MorroV Long: bo
prano eolo. "Tears of Love" (Beethoven), Mme
Kmilia Tojettl. accompanist Mm. Grace Lorlng
Williams; etoriee. Mrs. W. W. Drifts, Mrs.
Arthur Cornwall; Papyru* Quartet — "The
Breeze cf Night" (La Mothe), Mies Millie
Flynn. Mrs. W. W. Briggs. Miss E. V. Mc-
Closkey. Mrs. Blanch Arnold, accompanist Mrs.
Helen Earl Sutherland. The Papyrus Club ex
tents a. "Happy Sew Tear" to its guests.
Miss Caro Roma's tale was a clever
inspection of the heart of a poor old
chap whose wife preferred an actor
man to him and who for fifteen years
kept the candle burning in the window
so she should "know that she was al
ways welcome in the home that still
was hers." Alas! that these fine, for
giving Christian husbands are so scarce
in the real drama of life. When a poor,
weak, silly little wife- wanders away
from the hearthstone she is seldom
welcomed back. Is the reverse condi
tion true, however? Just watch out a
little and see. But 'tis a woman's way
to forgive.
The programme of the day was in
charge of Miss Ella V. McCloskey, Mrs.
S. Mason Kinne, the worthy president,
being relegated for the hour to the
stiff-backed throne on the right of the
hall. Many stunningly gowned women
were noticed at this annual reception,
amongr whom were Mrs. Thomas Morf
few, Mrs. Hoshland, Mrs. S.-P. Blumen
berg, Miss Ella McCloskey, Mrs. W. P.
Buckingham, Mrs. W. S. Leake, Mme.
Seminario, Mrs. Cornwall and hosts of
others who consider artistic gowning
quite as Important a duty as that of
being mentally clever. \
Mrs. Frank J. Donnelly, who render
ed in fine style contralto solos in the
various wards: Miss Wright, who con
tributed a violin solo, and Mr. J. John
son, an organ obligato. while twelve
choir boys from the Good Samaritan
Mission, under Mrs. Brown, rendered
Christmas carols.
Mrs. Arthur Cornwall, Mrs. Geo. E.
Bates, Mrs. Schell. Mrs. James G. Mar
tin, Mrs. Kate S. Hart, Mrs. E. B.
Grace. Miss Sadie Wafer, Mrs. Frank
T. Shen. Mrs. Oatman, Mrs. Rodney
Kendrick, Miss Dora Dewing, Mrs. J.
G. Lemmon of Oakland, Miss Alice
Washburn. Mrs. G. W. Gear, Miss Jane
Van Winkle. Miss Carrie Wiggins, -Miss
Xatalie Bowman, Mrs. Lorin Barnes,
Miss Sadie Ray and Mrs. E. C. Monson,
the latter the chief of the forces. Mrs.
Monson as chairman of the hospital
section is perhaps more closely in
touch with these unfortunate wards
of the people than any other woman,
with the possible exception _of Miss
Wiggins and Mrs. Hart, who visit the
hospital weekly, bringing gaskets of
such things as the friendless sick
crave. Jellies, magazines, wines and
other things that we all appreciate
when we're ill will be gratefully re
ceived by the hospital section of the
California Club at its clubrooms in
the Y. M. C. A, building.
This enterprising club (the California)
gave a reception to the inmates of the
City and County Hospital on Wednes
day last under the auspices of the so
cial science department, Mrs. Jacob
Brandt chairman. Tobacco, pipes, ice
cream, candy and toilet accessories
were distributed to the sufferers by the
women of the club and their assistants,
and if the "God bless yous" don't waft
us into empyreal realms when we die
then there's small efficacy in prayer,
for everj' one of us was blessed, either
audibly or silently. How do I know? I
heard the former and I felt the latter.
They were spoken with a smile that
had but one interpretation, and that
was gratitude. The following ladies
lent their aid in making the affair a
success: *
claims as to their ability to recognize
a ioke when they hear one then will be
abundantly verified.
Appeal for a Park in Con
gested Locality of
North Beach.
CLUB WOMEN BREW PUNCH AND BID WELCOME TO THE NEW YEAR
SOCIETY CELEBRATES HOLIDAY WEEK WITH FIRESIDE FUNCTIONS
Gay Wedding of Scotch
Lass, Where Pipers Play
Bridal Alarch.
A merry week this has been in so
ciety. What with weddings,
ments and lesser functions there has
been no cessation in the gayety that
prevailed last week. Nor indeed is
there a perceptible slackening of speed
for the coming^ortnight. Fun reigns
everywhere," and a merry monarch he
Is. Long may he reign!
Engagements.
The engagement reception of Miss
Cecilia Pechner and Henry L. Klein of
Los Angeles will take place Sunday.
January 17, between 2 and 6 p. m., at
the residence of her sister, Mrs. L. H.
Levy, 1257 Clay street^
The engagement is announced of Miss
Etta Clayburgh, daughter of the late
Albert Clayburgh, the pioneer hide mer
chant, to Mr. Edward W. Gunther, who
is a prominent member of the legal pro
feesion. On account of the recent death
of Mr. Clayburgh, there will be no en
gagement receptions, and the marriage
will not take place until Easter time.
¦-.Mr. and Mrs. Leopolds. Bachman an
nounce the engagement of their daugh
ter, Alice, and Charles H. Brown of the
Orpheum. They, will receive their
friends Thursday, January 7, and Sun
day, January 10.'
Mr. and Mrs. E. Jacob announce the
engagement, of their daughter, Regina.
to . Bernard Cerf . Receptions will be
held at the home on Sunday, January
10, and Tuesday, January 12, from 2 to 5.
Mr. and Mrs. W. J. Wayte of 2523
Van Ness avenue announce the en
gagement of their daught-r. May Eliza
beth Wayte. to Charles A. Whitmore of
Oxnard, Cal.
Mr. and Mrs. F. T. Hauschildt an
nounce the engagement of their daugh
ter. Elise M. Hauschildt, to Louis P.
Schwerdt. ~*
Mr. and Mrs. Abe Leszynsky an
nounce the engagement of their daugh
ter, Hazel, to Mr. Ike Goodman.
Mr. and Mrs. Lichtenstein of 1004
Howard street have announced the en
gagement of their daughter, Rose, to
Morris Marks.
* • <•
The engagement is announced of Miss
Jennie Seller and Morris E. Frank.
They will be at home on Thursday, Jan
uary 7, at 421 Van Ness avenue.
Weddings.
The wedding of Miss Henrietta
Hirschman to Sam North .was cele
brated last Tuesday evening. Rev. M. S.
Levy officiating. Louis Lerner acted as
best man, and the Misses Lily Hirsch
man and Pauline Levlt as bridesmaids.
A supper followed, after which the
young couple left on their honeymoon
in the south. Mr. and Mrs. North will
hold a reception next Sunday from 2 to
5 at the home of the bride's parents, 41S
Octavla street.
* • ¦
One of the prettiest of midwinter
marriages was celebrated at the Holy
Innocents' Church at high noon Mon
day, when Miss Alice Kemp of London,
England, was united in wedlock to Ed
ward Palmer of this city, Rev. C. W.
Collier officiating. The bride, attended
by' Miss Emily Jennings, was prettily
attired in a gown of white lace and
nun's veiling. Frederick M. Howard
accompanied the groom as bast man.
The color schem« was green with white.
Following the ceremony a brief recep
tion was held. in the vestibule of the
church, after which the happy couple
left for. a wedding tour In the north.
They will take up their residence 'in
this city upon their return.
The many friends of Miss Mary Alice
Driscoll and H. William Stevens, a
prominent mine owner of Arizona, will
be pleasantly, surprised to hsar that
they were quietly married at St. Peter's
Church. Mrs. Stevens is i sister of
United States Postal Inspector J. .^1.
Driscoll. Her charming * personality
has won her a. host of warm friends,
who wish the bride every happiness.
Mr. Stevens is largely interested In
several fine n mining properties near
Prescott, Ariz.
Mr. and Mrs. Stevens left for New
York, where the honeymoon will be
spent. The wedding took place on
Christmas eve and was attended only
by immediate relatives.
A unique wedding and one of much
Interest to the Scotch people of this city
was that of Miss Sibyl Isabel Campbell
and James A. Reid. The wedding took
place at hall 3, 102 O'Farrell street, on
Thursday afternoon, December 31.
A distinct^feature of the wedding was
tbtft all the guests present were clad
in Scotch costume. The wedding march
was played on bagpipes by Neil Lind
say, Dan Beaton and James Sinclair,
and altogether the affair was very in
teresting.
The wedding of Miss Winnie Fish of
San Francisco and Thomas Vltchage of
Tesla was; celebrated at high noon in
Oakland, on December 24, Rev. F. Gee
officiating.
Miss Fish was attended by her sister,
Mrs- Charles Campbell, and the groom
was - attended by his brother, Joseph
Vitchage of Tesla. After the wedding
supper the happy couple lett for the
South. .
Lowell high School Stu
dents Plan a Dance
for Next Week.
Games were enioyed until a late hour
when refreshments were served. Ths
events of the evening were the trim
ming of a Christmas tree by blind
folding the guests, and a very exciting
peanut hunt. Prizes were awarced to
Mrs. F. K. Blue and Mr. C. H. Hohfeld
and consolation prizes fell to Miss Rae
Friedberg and Ur. Bertram Porter.
Those present were:
Misses Wilma Fest. Louise Fest,
Ellena Fest, Mae Folsom, Rae Fried
berg. Lillian Friedberg. Lennie Fest.
Mattie L. Fest. Messrs. H. R. Babb.
William P. Fest Jr.. Jerome Friedberg.
Clarence H. Hohfeld, Bertram Porter,
Edwin E. Porter. Charles F. Reeves,
Mrs. E. V. Barker, Mr and Mrs F. K.
Blue. Mr. and Mrs. William P. Fest Sr.
and Mr. and Mrs..O. L. Fest.
A Christmas tree party was given to
Misses Pearl and Violet Sulsberg by
their parents on Saturday afternoon,
December 2$, at their home, 1330 Halght
street. The afternoon was pleasantly
spent in vocal and instrumental music
and ballroom and fancy dancing by
the Misses Violet and Daisy Long.
Dainty refreshments were served at 4
o'clock. Those present were:
Pearl Sulsberg, Violet Sulsbers,
Daisy Long. Violet Long. Althea Neff,
Jennie "Watt. Florence Flinn. Marion
Dorn. Gladys Cutler, Helen Dixon.
Gladys Ragan. Dottie Coffin. Elmer
Doyle, Constance Pleth, Ena Leek.
Claire Despeaux, Hazel Silva, Grace
Maxwell. Edith Rosenberg. Missea
Dorothy and Ruth Peyser.
On Saturday evening, December 25,
the home of Mr. and Mrs. Charles Due
bel Jr. was the scene of a children's
Christmas tree party. The evening was
spent in dancing and playing games,
after which supper was served In the
spacious dining-room. Among those
present were the Misses Bruckman,
Misses Wegener, Etta Lanzacher. John
E. Strachan. Ed Russ, Louis Samish.
William Lord, Mr. and Mrs. J. C. Mar
tin and Mr. and Mrs. Charles Due
be! Jr.
Personals.
Mr. ar.d Mrs. Saul N. Morris of 2053
Sutter street will receive their friends
Sunday, January 10, from 2 to 5 o'clock,
in t honor of Mr. and Mrs. Isador Cottn
(nee MIna Norton) of Los Angeles.
Mrs. D. B. Pike will be at home on
the second and third Tuesdays at 131S
Sacramento street.
Mr. and Mrs. Tobias of Palo Alto
wish to announce the barmltzvah of
their son? Samuel, at Congregation Beth
Israel Saturday, January 16. They will
be at home at the residence of their
sister. Mrs. M. Buchman, 443 Gough
street. Sunday afternoon, January 17,
from 2 to 5.
Mrs. Isidore Myers will be at horns
on the first .Tuesday afternoon of every
month.
• • •
Ben White and family of Los Angeles
are visiting relatives and friends in this
city.
Mrs. Joseph Goodman of Tullerton is
visiting her mother, Mrs. B. Straus, at
her residence. 152S Sutter street. Mrs.
Goodman will be at home Monday aft
ernoon, January 4.
As is her usual custom. Miss Florence
Uri, daughter of the well-known whole
sale butcher of that name, sent out on
New Year's Day under her personal su
pervision large loads of choice meats,
fruits and delicacies for the good cheer
of the unfortunates of the City and
County Hospital and the Pesthouse.
She did likewise on Christmas, and re
ceived the hearty thanks of the recip
ients. The young woman is a charity
society within herself.
Among the guests at Hotel del Monto
over Christmas were: E. Amblard,
Paris; Edward Cloraee, Nodaux; Cle
ment Jargous, Mexico; Mr. and Mrs.
H. E. King, Butte, Mont. ; H. S. Bevan.
Hongkong, China; Mr. and Mrs. H.
C. Breeden, Portland. Ore.; Mr. and
Mrs. Frank Miller and Miss Edith Mil.
ler, Sacramento; Charles Freeman,
England; Mr. and Mrs. C. A. Laton,
Mrs. J. F. Houghton and maid. Miss
M. Houghton. San Francisco; Mrs.
Foster, Miss Sparhawk. San Francisco;
Mr. and Mrs. Jonathan Bourne Jr..
Portland, Ore.; Mr. and Mrs. G. S. But
ler; Dr. and Mrs. H. I. Jones; Mr. and
Mrs. Kirkham Wright and two daugh
ters; Mr. and Mrs. P. E. Bowles, sons
and daughter, San Francisco; Mr. and
Mrs. H. P. Robinson and family; Miss
R. P. Dodge, Fresno; Mr. and Mrs.
James Colquhoun, Clifton, Ariz.; Count
Vongueirdorff, New _'ork; Mrs. Whit
tam, daughter and son, England; G.
L. Bell, Ireland; Mr. and Mrs. H. Quin
by, Liverpool. England; Mr. and Mrs.
A. Williams, Vancouver, B. C; V. G.
Bourne, New York; John Hlnes, Miss
Hines, Newark. N. J.; Mrs. J. Has
rock, Mrs. R. Fulton. Miss A. S. Moy
ler, R. B. Grlmn; Mr. and Mrs. B. A.
Vollmer, A. D. Shepard and family,
San Francisco; S. W. Price, Arizona;
Temple Godman, London; Mr. and
Mrs. I. J. Benjamin, New York City;
A. Satter, San Francisco; H. A. Bend.
Ington. Mrs. Bendington and maid.
Miss Bendington. London. England;
Mr. and Mrs. C. A. Jackson and cLlld,
Oakland, Cal.; Mr. and Mrs. M. W.
Hamilton/Seattle, Wash.; E. C. Ford,
San Francisco; Mrs. A. A. Taft, New
York.
A- large number of Ban Franciscans
spent Christmas at Hotel del Monte.
Two pleasant dinner parties were given
Christmas night, one by Mr. and Mrs.
G. E. Butler to Dr. and Mrs.. H. I.
Jones and to Mrs. Klrkham Wright;
another by P. E. Bowles and Mrs.
Bowles to Mr. and Mrs. Baldwin and
family.
spared to make this dance a memorable
one in the history of the school.
Success Js assured by the large num
ber who have signified their intention
of attending. The decorations will be
in the school colors, red and white,
with greens plentifully int-rspersed.
There will be good music and light
refreshments. The arrangements are In
the hands of a committee consisting of
Frank H. Abbott Jr., chairman ; s Eu
gene Grunsky, Felix Smith, Sidney L.
Schwartz. Paul K. Yost.
Sidney L. Schwartz will act as floor
manager, assisted by the committee of
arrangements. The reception commit
tee will consist of Fred Barthels, H.
Chesley Bush, Bert Lusinger, Sidney
Smith, John Speyer, and Misses Vera
Anderson, Anita Beyfus, Ottle Gilli
lahd, Edithe Coombe and Irene Walter.
An Informal dinner was given at the
Call cafe on December 29. 1903, ir. honor
of Miss Pearl C. Haas by the Alpha and
Beta Chapters of San Francisco and
Oakland of the Phi Kappa Soroiety.
The Oakleaf Club celebrated the out
going old and the Incoming new year
in a very befitting manner en New
Year's eve. A theater party had been
arranged and "Blue Jeans" at the Al
cazar was thoroughly enjoyed by those
present. After the performance the
members strolled through th3 crowded
streets and wended their way to the
Breuss cafe, where, in the beautifully
decorated banquet hall, covers had been
laid for thirty, and' at 12 o'clock they
sat down to a sumptuous repast. Toasts
to the past as well as the future suc
cess of the club were offer B d by the
president, G. Laux, and were cheerfully
responded to with clinking glasses.
A fashionable audience spent an en
joyable evening at the Sequoia on the
evening of the 1st inst., the event
being the opening of the Sequoia Hotel.
An excellent orchestra rendered the
music.
• * •
The fourth dance of the El Alma Co
tillon Club will take place Friday even
ing, next.at Cotillon Hall and bids fair
to eclipse even the brilliancy of the
third successful affair. The coming
dance, like the third, will be a recep
tion,-and every one is looking forward
to a merry evening. The committee, as
usual, iS leaving nothing undone to
make the affair go down in the annals
of the club as an event In its history.
~ The Allgemeiner Deutscher Frauen
Verein held a Christmas festival for the
poor Tuesday. December 29. in Golden
Gate Hall. .Presents were given to all
the deserving poor, and a pleasant
evening was enjoyed by all the mem
bers who had gathered round the
Christmas tree with song and story.
'The Christmas tree festival of the
Francesca Relief Society took place
Thursday, December 17, at 2r30 p. m.
A large number of invited guests hon
ored the occasion and all expressed
themselves delighted at the good work
of the society. Three hundred children
were each given an entire suit [ of
clothes and underwear, stockings, shoes
and a hat. The mothers were given or
ders for groceries to be delivered to
their homes. The Francesca Society
celebrated on this occasion Its silver
Jubilee.
• • •
A very pretty domino party was
given on New Year's night at the resi
dence of Miss Roslne d'Ennery, 139G
Post street, by one of her dancing
classes. The hall was decorated with
many pink paper ribbon streamers,
which hung from the walls to the great
mass . of greens and mistletoe on the
chandeliers in the center. One of the
many pretty sights was while the
yourtg folks were dancing Miss d'En
nery, assisted by her brother, Henry
d'Ennery, threw great streamers of this
ribbon across the hall over the heads
of the dancers, making the halt one
mass of pink. The girls wore pink
dominos and the boys blue. During one
of the intermissions between the danc
ing James Newman made a short
speech, concluding by giving Miss d'En
nery a New Year's gift from the pupils
of her class. The dancing continued
until midnight, during which refresh
ments were served. Those present were:
Miss Roslne d'Ennery, Miss Hortense
d'Ennery, Miss Adeline d'Ennery, Miss
Ethel Kahn, Miss Florine Kahn, Miss
Florence Cohen, Miss Gertrude Cohen.
Miss Annie Cohen. Miss Pauline Roth
child. Miss Camille Rosenberg. Miss
Florence Levine, Miss Newman, Miss
Bash, Miss Reina Bender, Miss Olga
Nathan, Miss V. McClatchie, Miss M.
Coblenz, Miss E. Bunzel, Miss Rach
enbach, Miss Levy, Miss H. Nathan,
Miss L. Morris and Miss C. McFarland;
Henry d'Ennery. William Coppel, Jesse
Kahn, Ira Fort Louis. Archie Cerf, Irv
ing Byer, James Newman, J. **ot"hchild,
J. Schoenberg, S. Newman, J. Bunzel,
J. Steiner. B. Nordman, P. Schmidt,
Mr. Steinfeld and B. Caro.
The. dinner given annually by th«
Long Syrup Refining Company to their
traveling men and heads of depart
ments took place Thursday evening.
December 30. in a downtown restau
rant. The menu was of the best,
and all the twenty-one present
voted it to be the most successful and
enjoyable ever given by this company.
Speechmaking and a general good
time was enjoyed by the following
named: Mesrs J. M. Long Sr., Geo. L.
Fielding, John Christianson, D. H. Gib
son. C. L. Graber.'A. E. King. H E.
Long, John C. Percy, J. M. Long Jr.,
P. F. Kingston, F. A. Long, Hy.
Kuhlke, L. L. Reray, C. A. Pierce, G.
E. Gibson,. F. J. Cooper, C. W. Dakin,
C. M. Pierce. C. H. Green, L. M.
Park. H. Ci Long.
On Tuesday evening, December 29,
the • : Norddentscher Frauen-Verein
held its first Christmas tree festival
at Laurel * Hall, Shlels building, 32
O'Farrell street. The great success
was due to the. following committee:
Mrs. M. Barttel, president; Mrs. F.
Keen; vice president. Committee of
arrangements: Mrs. F. Geerkens. Mrs.
F. Arndt, Mrs. M. Pape. Mrs. D. Boren,"
Mrs.' G'. Buck,. Mrs. M. B. Price, Mrs.
E.* Beck. ; Mrs.' M. Erben and Miss M.
Pape. . y Floor manager. Chas Arp. A
very enjoyable programme was ren
dered a3 follows: Vocal solo. Miss
Green; -recitation -and song, J. Deiter
beck: fancy dance. Miss Elliot; recita
tion and song, M. Derlevanger. ¦
Home Parties.
The Misses Lennie and llattie L.
Feet entertained a few friends at their
home '1616 Turk street New Tear's eve.
Club Parties.
The De.cem.ber meeting of the Mission
Literary Club was held at the home of.
the president. Mrs. J. Kemp, 2221 Mis
sion street. The afternoon passed very
pleasantly* with reading, singing and
refreshments. Those present , were:
Mrs.' J. Kemp, Mrs. E. B. Vreeland, Mrs.
T. Morrih"; Mrs. J. S.'v Bogart, ' Mrs. T;
Farless. Mrs. W. Hewitt, Mrs. J. Hey,
Mrs. ;E. J. Thayer, Mrs. .M. T. Walker,
Mrs. E. ' M. ' Hutchings and Mrs. Grun
delle. "¦•'- , ¦¦'¦¦ ' ' .
» ¦• * •
Folio wins: a custom, the senior class
of the Lowell High School [ will ; give a'
dance at Golden Gate Hall on the even
ing of January 15.' No' effort will be
Educator Marries In San Jose.
SAN JOSE. Jan. 3. — Miss Florence
V. Spltzer. a popular youns lady of
this city, was raarlred here yesterday
to Delos D. Davis, a prominent edu
cator of Fresno. The bride Is the
daughter of County Assessor L. A.
Spitzer. Mr. Davis is a graduate of
Stanford University . and is principal
of, the grammar schools of Fresno.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL", MONDAY, JANUARY 4, 1904.
NAPA, Jan. 3. — Work on the Be
nlcia, Vallejo and Napa electric rail
road is now progressing: rapidly. Sixty
teams and a large force of men are
now at work grading between "Vallejo
and Napa. It is expected that cars
will be running between Napa and
Benicia by July of this year. The
company .. will continue the line up
Napa Valley to St Helena. " :. "
Railroad Work.^ Progresses Rapidly.
5
Do Eeir No Good, but Often Cause Zt to
rail Out.
TATZJZ EAXK PBEPASATZOZTS
irEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
KADWATrS SI&DT BELIEF has Stood
unrivaled before the ;ii:b..i_ lor «h> years aa a
Pain Hcrcedj,-. It instantly rWU*** and Quickly
cure* all Colds, Sor« Throat*. InSaenza, Hron-
jh.:l», Pa-uraonJa. Khrurr.atirm. N»Tira!irla,
Hcs-iachr. '.Tootbacb* «nd «:i pain. -Internally
for l^fi aad all Bowel fair.. All drujxleta.
MELLIN'S FOOD CO.. BO6TON. MASS.
Fresh milk is good; fresh milk
and Mcllin's Food is better.
Try it with your baby.
Whether yen nurse your baby or txse Mel-
hn'a Food you wia find ©ur book, "The
Care and Feedinp of Infants," very . useful.
Simply write for u. It will be sent free.
\*£y^ r ~ POR \lp r*Hn
Por Infants and Children.
T&8 Kind You Hare Always Bought
Bears the /*& s/iT/i sr "
CASTOR I A
. Many hair preparations are '"fake" be-
cause they are merely scalp irritants.
Thfy ofton cause a dryness. making the
hair brittle, and. finally, lifeless. Dan-
druff is the cause of all trouble with
hair. It is a germ disease. The germ
makes cuticle scales as it digs to the
root of the. hair, where it destroys the
hairs vitality, causing it to fall out. To
cure dandruff, the germ must be killed.
"Destroy the cause, you remove the ef-
fect." Nf-whro's Herpicide is the only
fcair preparation that kills the dandruff
germ, thereby leaving the hair to grow
luxuriantly. Bold by leading druggists,
fiend 10c in stamps for sample to The
He.rpicide Co.. Detroit. Mich.
IrounptabI
I ARROW 1 BRAND!
H 15 CENTS, 2 FOR 25 CENTS U
K CLUCTT, PCAeOOY A CO, E
•I* takers c! Clnett ujj. »*nrarch ShirU gj
I I PUCE Y6UR^DEaS EARLY *|
lT" E 20thCENTUfiy|
] COOKBOOK r
e
Ic Another shipment will
e • arrive abont January 21, -»
a 1804.
y In order- to satisfy the
f demand for this premium
(< we have ordered another
3 carload of these, books,
a and all persons sending to
s • , The Cook Book •', Depwrt-
. ment of this . paper ¦ » six
months' > subscription to
;••"."; The Daily • and Sunday .
[- Coll may secure one of the
" V Twentieth Century Cook
•¦ . Books at the premium
rate of 50c.
0 ¦¦ BBBOHnBBHBHBBnBll^ n
I Out-of-tiiB wfctcflfori sfcobld remit
e 29c tdditfonsl io prepay trantportitisn
p ohtrgM.. •;,.'./;.• .,..,v- ¦•..'•-'¦. ° . "/'.. ' :Manager.
.';- ':-:¦'¦¦ San Francisco, Cal, Dec. 29, 1903.
MR. JOHN McNAUGHT,; •••?. £j
Manager San Francisco Call^ • . ? • ¦
DEAR SIR:
This is to express to you the appreciation that the State
Board of Trade has of the work that has been and is being done by
The Call in the direction of encouraging settlement in this
State. I speak with some knowledge, at least with the experi
ence of a good many years, when I say that I regard the immigra
tion work done through The Call as the most effective that has
been done through any newspaper in the State in my recollection.
The immigration page, if I may so term it, has character, dignity
and merit, and certainly from the favorable reports that come
to me I am entitled to think is accomplishing much good.
Besides this the editorial comments of The Call are' most
effeotive, and, bearing as they do, the force of a large comner.
cial daily must be regarded as the very essence of good work,
yours very truly, • - t V A
CALIFORNIA STATE BOARD OF TRADE,
UNION FERRY BUILDING.
Bitch to Carry Water to .Tulare Lake
Region From Kiugs River.
, The -Lakeland . Canal and ; Irrigation
Company, has undertaken the task of
providing water" to irrigate the Tulare
Lake .region. .The proposition is to
water six townships. . .To accomplish
this large task the company purposes
to take water from the Kings River
and', to, construct a . huge ditch .which
will carry 300,000' inches of water. A
contract is reported to have been let
• VERY LARGE SCHEME.
A plant to manufacture radiators
may be established at Stockton. That
city also expects to have an. asbestos
manufacturing establishment
The Sacramento. Bee says: "The
Board of Trustees has secured an op
tion on the entire property of the North
Fork Ditch Company, which takes wa
ter from the fork of the river opposite
Auburn and at present supplies the
country as far down as Orangeville and
Fair Oaks with water for domestic use
and irrigation. The intent is to recom
mend to the incoming board the sub
mission to the people of the plan of fur
nishing the city with water, from this
source and incidentally obtaining suf
ficient power to run the city lights." The
city undoubtedly needs badly, and
should have at cnee, clear, pure water
and the only available sources which
now receive serious consideration are
the North Fork and the Sacramento
River." "
The Richmond Record says that a
manufacturing concern from Puget
Sound has visited Richmond to secure
a site for the location of a factory for
agricultural implements.
"Florida oranges have b'cen early and
plentiful in the Eastern markets this
year, but Florida cannot profitably pro
duce the superior naval oranges, which
are late there, and practically a by
product. -The native but sweet orange
Is now almost exclusively the shipment
from Florida. The , Nprthern navel
raised here readil;- brought In the
Eastern markets f roi. . $1 to $2 a box
over fhe Floridas. The Improved Wash
ington navel is now universally con
ceded to be the queen of the citrus
products, and its . peculiar clean , and
high grade flavor imparts a value held
by no other orange."
¦ The Placer Representative says that
the yield of Placer County oranges has
been full this season and they are of su
perior quality. The Representative
says: "The orchards of J. Parker
Whitney shipped over one million
oranges this season, and forwarded its
last carload from Rocklin on December
8, ¦ on order from Chicago, and have
shipped car'oads to the latter city, Cin
cinnati, Boston and New York and a
carload on an order from a San Fran
cisco, house to Australia. . . - ; '
Foothill Fruit Makes Fine Showing
Against Florida Output in East. .
ORANGES OF PLACER,
for the construction of a dredger, the
largest machine of Its kind in
the world,, to • scoop out the
ditch. The distance ' to which
it will be necessary to carry
the water to deliver it on the land to
be irrigated varies from thirty-six to
fifty miles. The point where the wa
ter is to be taken from the Kings
River is near Traver and about fifteen
miles north from Hanford.
The Riverside Enterprise says that
shipments of oranges from Riverside
this year are remarkably slow. "This
is owing to the lack of rain and the
backwardness of the crop. There were
but fifty-nine cars sent out up to the
close of last week, with thirty-nine
cars of lemons, about one-fifth of last
year to that date. This -will make a
marked difference in the amount to
be shipped late, as the crop Is expect
ed to run about 25 per cent heavier
than last season provided there is no
frost to interfere with the quality of
the fruit." : '¦- ;•¦;-.
is . nearly the largest State
and ; has t more advantages than - any
other State in< the Union. * The time
will j come, therefore, , when it will be
The fle'd of its immense resources
has only yet been scratched over, but
whether these industries will be devel
oped in the . near future or in years to
come will depend greatly on .the in
crease of population and the labor mar
ket. T .t is well known that large man
ufacturing industries depend for their
profits on large productions, frequent
ly margin of profit is a very
small per cent of the. cost of the manu
factured article. Here labor is a large
factor in the industry.
A raise or /all in wages makes a
large difference to the manufi-cturer.
We can produce a great many articles
which we now import from other coun
tries, but we cannot dispose of them
at a profit on account of the difference
in wages. Living is as cheap in Cali
fornia as in most parts of the civilized
world. Laborers can work- here all the
year round , which > cannot • be done In
other parts of the world. Therefore, the
laborer can, if he use thrift and frugal
ity, which unfortunately for him Is not
always the case, save more in Califor
nia than elsewhere.
Our laborers have the : facilities and
•generally profit by them of procuring
homes for their families /jy th» pay
ment of small monthly installments
through the home building . and loan
societies. These institutions, when
properly and honestly . managed, ~ have
been pronounced. to be the best finan
cial Institutions for, wage earners ever
invented by man. They have already
helped many thousands of laborers to
procure homes for their families, and
the" young man, be he (laborer, clerk or
mechanic, .who has.put a part" of his
monthly wages In these institutions has
found himself possessed, after a few
years, of ¦ a snug little sum which in
many, instances has enabled him to lay
the", foundation for * future independ
ence. " - '
FIELD IS IMMENSE.
these two months, from fifty dollars to
five hundred dollars each.
the most densely populated State in
America. Whether this will be soon or
late will depend greatly upon the en
terprise, prudence and sagacity which
will be shown by the present genera
tion. -;•- ¦¦-'-¦•¦¦ . —
Asbestos rock for wall. plaster and
fire proofing columns in buildings and
fire-proof floors is a very valuable ac
quisition for our new fine buildings.
It Is light in weight and grayish in
its natural color. The long fibers are
also used to make asbestos steam pipe
covering. It can be used on the out
side of buildings by adding one part
of Portland cement and two part^ of
asbestos plaster. It becomes as hard
as marble.
An interesting test of this new fire
proof wall plaster was recently made
in the presence of Chief Engineer D.
T. Sullivan of the San Francisco Fire
Department, Captain Comstock of the
Underwriters' Patrol, representatives
of the Board of Underwriters and
many of the prominent architects and
builders of this city. The ordinary
Wall plaster was found to burn in flve v
minutes, while the new asbestos plas
ter continued to withstand the fire.
After fifteen minutes water was turned
on and the wall found to be intact.
This article, if found in sufficient
quantities, may revolutionize our
building materials and materially re
duce fire Insurance. It will also prove
a valuable protection tO;llfe in theaters
and public hotels and buildings.
Many new industries and products
are yet in their infancy in this State.
While we produce a large quantity
of olives and can produce sufficient to
supply the world, still that industry
is not yet on a paying basis generally.
Olives are grown in that part of the
world where labor is cheap. Most of
the picking is done by women and
children and, consequently, olive oil
can be imported to-day into California
much cheaper than it can be produced
here, but as the State becomes more
densely populated and the 'women and
children of the farmers will find enjoy
ment in the healthy exercise' of pick
ing olives, then we will be able to
compete in prices, as we do compete
in quality, and make this industry a
very profitable one to our farmers.
There is another Industry which has
passed the experimental stage." '¦ It
has been demonstrated that silk worms
can be raised and the raw silk pro
duced in California more advantage
ously than in other parts of the world,
as the State is practically exempt
from the storms in the spring which
frequently kill the worms in Europe.
This industry requires cheap labor! ,
The raw material is now Imported
from China, Japan and Italy and the
American people pay every year fifty
million dollars to those countries for
raV silk. This is a work which occu
pies about sixty days in the'spring
time when the farmer has little to do'
If families of men. women and chil
dren would -congregate as they do in
Europe and feed the , little . growing
silk worms, they would find this a very
profitable industry.., In Europe farm
ers depend upon it for 'their pocket
money, many families' earning:, during
'80s. Since gasoline came into use this
manuf: :ture has increased rapidly, un
til now engines of this class, made in
California, have the highest reputation,
being supplied to 'all Pacific Ocean
countries and even to some countries
of Europe.
Leather tanning had a beginning in
the parly '50s at Santa Cruz. There be
ing no lumber available at that point,
tanning vats were constructed by fell
ing some of the big trees in that locality
, and scooping them out for use as vats,
i To-day we have some of the best
[equipped tanneries in the world with a
value in products ranging from ten to
twelve million dollars. The California
oak-tanned leather is famous for. Its
high superiority in strength and wear
ing qualities.
Portland cement, of which so many
millions of barrels have been imported
from Europe, is now supplied in this
State of as good, if not superior, quality
to that imported.
One recent discovery which may be
come of great importance to the State
has been that made of an asbestos
mine located at Copperopolis in Cala
veras County.
Our clo,thing manufacturers, who be
gan to work on a small scale in 1865, are
now producing most of - the material
used in the State, thus giving work to
thousands of deserving girls and
women.
Cordage manufacturing was one of
the earliest industries, having been es
tablished in 1856. Its equipment • now
includes one of the two largest cable
machines In the world, and its product
commands a large home and foreign
market
Gas engine* began to be built in the
world and, by the genius of the Cali
fornian, John Forsythe,- the seeds are
removed to the pleasure and happiness
of the housewife. .
California is the largest shipping
point on earth for salmon.
Even seeds have assumed such an im
portance that they are supplied all over
the United States and return the grow
ers over $3,000,000 per annum.
Baking powder was one of the most
difficult articles to introduce . in Cali
fornia. All the early settlers from the
East had been accustomed to -use the
Preston & Merrill brand and when Mr.
Donnelly first introduced his California
baking powder, although it wa& supe-'
rior and a pure article, housewives re
fused to use it because they did not
know its good qualities. To-day the
great baking powder manufacturing
establishments of Schilling, Foiger and
Tlllmann & Bendel ship large quanti
ties of the article throughout the
United States.
MANUFACTURES OF STATE.
In manufactures we have been a lit
tle slower In making progress. The
cost of steam was formerly against us,
but now fuel oil and water power put
us on a level with the world.
The first boots and shoes were made
in a small factory employing hand la
bor in 1860. There are now over thirty
factories In the State, operated mostly
by modern machinery.
The old Wells, Fargo & Co. building
on the corner of California and Mont
gomery streets and several other of our
oldest buildings, erected in the early
'50s, used granite brought from China.
The old postoffice building contained
granite brought from Quincy, Mass.
Large granite quarries are now devel
oping in several parts of the State and
furnish proper material for the most
modern buildings. Roofing slate is now
also furnished from quarries in the
State.
The manufacture of rubber hose, belt
ing and molded goods from rubber
prepared in the East began in San
Francisco about eighteen years ago. Its
manufacture from crude rubber, Im
ported at San Francisco from South
America and India, began about eight
years ago. These goods are now shipped
to the East in carload lots.
Shipbuilding on the Pacific coast
dates back to the time of Cortez, who
established a shipyard at Zacatula on
the west coast of Mexico In 1524. Later
he built ships at Tehuantepec and at
Acapulco to push northward for greater
discoveries. From that tims en,-com
mercial, warlike and other causes have
led to the building of ships and boats
of wood along the coast of California
and about Puget Sound. :¦['/';
As early as 1850 nine coasting schoon
ers were built in a yard at North Bexch.
The f.:st ocean steamer was turned out
at San rrancisco in 1864. The manufac
ture of iron ships on a commercial scale
was not attempted until April, 1883. To
day shipbuilding is one of the great
manufacturing Industrie of the State,
employing thousands of wage-earners
in over forty ship-building establish
ments. Every condition of ship build
ing required by the Government and by
the merchant marine can now be met
here. Our Olympic and Oregon have
proven that we "can build aa good fight
ing -*'ns as are built in tr ..-orld.
The manufacture of trunks, valises,
etc., was establish^ ! in San Francisco
thirty-six years ago. Its products now
embrace every kind of trunks, valises,
handbags, etc., and are supplied to the
Pacific States and export trade.
OTHER ENTERPRISES.
; ' Our wines are now greatly appre
ciated, not only by our own people, but
are highly prized by connoisseurs in
England, Germany and all parts of the
. world. California in 1902 produced over
40,000,000 gallons of wine, valued at
over $12,000,000. This State is the only
one in the Union where the true wine
grape grows to perfection and, there
fore, we can produce here as fine wines
as are produced in any part of the
world. So far, Americans are not wine
drinking people. They only use one
half gallon- per capita per annum, as
against fifty gallons consumed by all
men, women and children In Italy,
France and Spain, and In these wine
* -producing countries intoxicated persons
•are seldom seen.
When the American people shall ac
quire the habit of using wines at table
•and consume, say, ten gallons per cap
ita, then this State will be able to sup
ply the demand by producing 1,000.000,
000 gallons of wine, which will have an
approximate value of $300,000,000.
Our fruits, both fresh, canned and
dried, are exported to ail parts of the
Klbbe, and the low prices'at which they
* can be furnished to consumers bring
them withJo the reach of the poor as
" well as the rich.
Our citrus fruits have replaced the
imported, and we can raise sufficient to
supply not only the inhabitants of our
* own country, but also many other parts
of the world. Most people will be sur
prised to know that recently several
hundred boxes of navel oranges were
shipped from California to Italy by or
der of the government of the famous
citrus fruit-producing country of Italy.
Prunes, which we used to receive In
large hogsheads from Germany and
Prance, arriving: generally in a moldy
condition, are now produced here, and
are shipped back to these countries in
fancy boxes, which arriving in splendid
condition, command the highest praise
. from consumers.
The raisins which we used to receive
from Spain are now raised in this State
In sufficient Quantities to supply the
.• Arriving in San Francisco in the
•early fifties, it was indeed very inter
' esting to me, as it must have been to
¦ all early comers, to see, one by one.
• the articles of product from the soil
and manufacture from raw material
. replacing those formerly imported
.'from all parts of the world. Well do
• I remember how the first flour pro
duced from the Lick mills at Alviso
replaced the musty fiour imported
'. from Chile and New York via Cape
Horn and sold as high as from $20 to
*.$40 f>er barrel.
Sugar arrived from New York usual
. ' ly In a sweated condition, which caused
much complaint by ,the dealers, yet it
. -brought from 25 to SO cents per pound.
*•' I was then in the grocery commission
.. business, supplying the mines with all
• kinds of provisions. I remember how
difficult it was to introduce a new Cali
fornia product or manufactured article
on the market. People had been so
long accustomed to the imported goods
that they had then, as, unfortunately,
some few people have now, a preju
dice against our own home-made arti
cles, although in most Instances every
thing that we produce or manufacture
*is far superior to that from abroad.
PIJtUe by little many of the Imported
articles were driven out of the market.
Who could have foreseen that in less
« than fifty years the tables would be
turned and that we would ship in enorr
taoua quantities back to the countries
from which we originally obtained our
supplies those very things that we had
• lately been importing from them? Cali
fornia flour may now be found in all
parts of the fflobe: our sugar is sup
plying all the other States west of the
' Rocky Mountains.
"_ • • CAN SUPPLY THE WORLD.
• : All of this was followed by a devel
opment which has not had its equal
' upon any other spot in the world in
rapidity of growth, in accomplished
results and in great future promise.
California is not only self-supporting
in numerous manufactured as well as
'. natural products, but it exports many
• of its manufactures and it stands as
• -"one of the great factors of the toun
.tries of the globe in the supply of ar
ticles of food to the people of the
. aorld.
DEVELOI'MEXT FOLLOWS.
The needs of the newcomers re
quired to be supplied from the out
side. For a time it occurred to no one
to make or grow anything. The only
thought of all was to dig: out gold and
( then to return to the good things of
civilization. In due time, however,
the most imperative needs of manu
facture on the spot began to assert
•themselves. First, perhaps, was lum
ber for shelter and for mining pur
poses. Gradually other much needed
manufactures followed in rough form
and the possibilities of natural pro
duction began to force themselves to
the notice of those who had time to
consider them.
With all of its productive capabili
ties, the State could not in its early
days furnish those who came in
search of gold the things which were
necessary' to satisfy their most ordi
nary wants. With many thousands of
cattle ranging the great Spanish
ranchos, butter in firkins must be
.brought from the East, as well as
hams and bacon, and dried apples
hung on strings and then packed in
barrels according to the old way.
We need go back less than fifty
years to find the beginnings of manu
facturing in California and it is need
less to say that these beginnings were
•generally of the crudest character.
Until the discovery of gold the only
• productions of consequence that
reached the outside world were hides
and tallow.
President Manufacturers" and Producers* A«-
eoci&tion.
BY AXDREA SBARBORO.
California Assumes a
Leading Position
Among States.
Results of Magnitude
: Follow the Small
Beginnings.
PRESIDENT OF MANUFACTURERS AMD PRODUCERS
ASSOCIATION REVIEWS OUR INDUSTRIAL PROGRESS
New Interests Loom
on the Horizon
of Future.
Work of Development
Goes on Without
Any Pause.
The several pages that have been re
cently published in The Call, on suc
cessive Monday mornings, devoted es
pecially to enlightenment concerning
the actual icsources of California, have
been very favorably received through
out the State. Thousands of copies of
the Monday issue of The Call have
been sent, through the agency of the
California State Board of Trade and
otherwise, to inquirers in the East con
cerning California. On each page of
the series devoted to development is
one or more signed articles written by
m*n who have expert knowledge of the
topics treated of by them. This morr.ing
an exceedingly interesting and valua
ble article is supplied by Andrea
Sbarboro, president of the Manufac
turers* and Producers" Association of
California.
Mr. Sbarboro traces the origin of
some California industries, tells of
their advancement and makes some
forecast of the future of California in
dustrially. Among the new industries
of the State mentioned by him are the
mining of asbestos, a deposit having
been discovered near Copperopolis; and
the culture of silk worms on a large
scale. It is well known that a Gov
ernment expert interested Mr. Sbar
boro in the silk industry and he has
made a thorough study of the propo
sition. The raw material now Import
ed from the Orient and from Italy, Mr»
Sbarboro says, costs the people of the
United States $50,000,000 per annum.
"Silkworms can be raised and the raw
silk produced in California more ad
vantageously than in other parts of
the world, as the State is practically
exempt from the storms in the spring,
which frequently kill the worms in
Europe."
OXLY SCRATCHED OVER.
Mr. Sbarboro. speaking from a point
of vantage, being entirely acquainted
with the resources and manufacturing
possibilities of California, remarks
that "the field of immense resources
has been only yet scratched over; but
whether these industries will be de
veloped in the near future or in years
to come, will depend greatly on the
increase of population and the labor
market." .
Some space is given, this morning, to
statements derived from, special edi
tions of paners published in this State
relative to the communities where they
are established. The purpose of The
Call Is to assist in promoting the wel
fare of all portions of California. In
spreading the information derived
from special editions of contempora
ries published in various portions of
the State, aid is afforded to the enter
prise of interior and coast counties,
which are thereby enabled to supply
their own facts to the appreciative
readers of The Call at home and
abroad.
Attention has recently been devoted
to the' efforts of the Sacramento Valley
Development Association to secure ac
curate knowledge concerning all the
counties in the Sacramento Valley. The
work In that direction is systematically
devised. The State Board of Trade is
seeking to get definite Information con
cerning all sections of California. The
following preambles and resolutions
were adopted at a late meeting of the
Board, which are here given for gen
eral information and encouragement:
"Whereas, It is the belief of this
Board that there are many partially
developed resources of this State which
are retarded in their growth by lack
of knowledge of the lest methods of
production and of markets awaiting
their output; and,
"Whereas, There are many industries
not yet entered upon which, in our
belief, might be engaged in with profit,
to the Individual and to the enlarge
ment of the State's resources; there
fore,
"Resolved. That the Committee on
Industrial Resources be directed to In
vestigate and report ujon the matter
the subject of this resolution.
POPULATION'S GROWTH.
"Whereas, It is deemed of importance
to ascertain to what extent California
has increased in population during the
decade ending in 1900 and since that
time so far as practicable, and to deter
mine the proportion of this Increase
which has settled in the towns or cities
and in the countr> respectively; also
the regions of the State, by counties,
where the Increase has occurred and
the causes that have led to the choice
of location made by this new popula
tion; also to ascertain the principal in
ducements that have operated and are
operating to bring settlers into the
State; also what the causes are, If any
exist, why counties, possessing great
attractions for the homeseekcr, are not
receiving their share of immigration to
the State: therefore,
"Resolved. That the Committee on
Immigration be and it is directed to In
vestigate and report upon the matters
herein above referred to."
The hope is expressed by the direct
ors of the State Board of Trade that
the people of the State will co-operate
in supplying the solid Information that
is sought for beneficial use.
The Vacaville Reporter s?.ys: The
largest and most important real estate
transfer recorded in this locality for
nearly two decades was consummated
when F. B. McKevitt and Clarence J.
Uhl acquired from -'Dr. W. J. Dobbins
for the sum of 561,250, his ranch of 233
acres, 210 acres being full bearing or
chard and the balance pasture land.
The orchard consists of fort>-ftve acres
of peaches^ forty acres of apricots,
twenty acres of Bartlett pears, 100 acres
of prunes and the balance assorted
plums. By this purchase the new pro
prietors acquire one of the best or
chards in this ¦ vicinity.
THE. SAN FRANCISCO CALL, , MONDAY, JANUARY 4, 1904.
6
SIGNIFICANT SCENES THAT POINT OUT VARIETY OF OCCUPATIONS
THAT ARE FOLLOWED PROFITABLY UNDER FAVORABLE
CONDITIONS IN CALIFORNIA.Call Receives the First Message Sent Between
il and Point Reyes.
the coast. Jls it has been foremost in encouraging inventors, it is now
pleased to be the first to congratulate those who have first attained success.
The Call at once recognized the immense and inestimable advdn*
tages that would accrue to the nation if some of our experts, could
solve the great problem. It has: particularly appreciated the benefits
of having wireless telegraphy in practical use at San Francisco and along
The Call is highly gratified at the result of the experiments of
McJldie and Thiessen and heartily congratulates them, as well as Chief
Moore and Secretary Wilson, who made the attempt possible by provide •
ing funds. It will be remembered that The Call has been foremost among
American newspapers in advancing the causes of experimenters with
wireless telegraphy.
SUCCESS CROWNS THE CALLS EFFORTS
IN BEHALF OF WIRELESS TELEGRAPHY
Continued on Page 9, Column I, j
While McAdie was attempting to
install a working system of wireless
telegraphy ' between Point Reyes and
the Farallones, Admiral Glass was
laboring by similar methods to estab
lish a line between Goat Island and
Point Bonita. The Washington au
thorities were eagerly av.-ajting news
of the succesSvOf one or both.
The naval line never amounted to
much. Two masts were erected and
apparatus was installed. The operat
ors never. got so far as to communicate
at long distance without using the tel
ephone wires. Before the experiments
were endt-rt, however. Admiral Glasa
was ordered away. The Navy subse
quently requested that it be presented
with the" 1 "Farallones plant. The
Weather Bureau officials 1 refused to
listen and so McAdie was allowed to
continue his experiments.
The local system Is largely original
with Thiessen and McAdie. Both have
made Improvements on previous inven
tions.- Itis.toibe known by the cour
tesy *ot McAdie as the Thiessen system.
Several systems of wireless telegraphy
are in. use on the Atlantic seaboard at
present. { German, French and Ameri
can ships of the' line i are equipped with
M'ADIE BEATS 'NAVY.
tion. • The Weather Bureau officials
on the islands lived a life almost as
full of solitude as that of Alexander
Selkirk. They ate canned goods and
drank stale water. Their only recre
ation was work. The experts at Point
Reyes had almost as hard a time.
The apparatus appeart-d bound not to
be operated. Some delicate piece of.
electrical machinery seemed always
lost or broken. The work was dis
couraging In the extreme.
Genius and persistency finally won
the victory. The Weather Burea\» has
a cable from Point Reyes to the Faral
lones and this enabled the ex
perimenters to comunicate with
each other ' while '• laboring on
their wireless . telegraph system.
Without the cables the successful in
stallation of the plant could probably
never have been accompyshed.
Jt was desired that the whole matter
be kept secret, partly that foreign na
tions might not get too much informa
tion of our progress with the new dis
covery, partly that there might be no
interference from the other depart
ments of Government of the United
States.
. The inventors hope to have apparatus
installed on some* of San Francisco's
The great point of superiority in Mc-
Adie's apparatus is the receiver. Aside
from the fact that this system is the
first to be used at the port of San
Francisco, the success attained is of
great Importance by reason of Its be
ing effective, economical and on a prac
tical basis. Most of the previous suc
cessful experiments with wireless teleg
raphy have been extretaely expensive.
It was fea?ed that the discovery could
hardly become of use generally.
McAdie has made it possible to tele
graph without wires at what will be a
comparatively cheap rate. The re
ceiver is a delicate and effective instru
ment, which costs approximately 8
cents. It is made of emery dust and
mercury- Heretofore these instruments
have been very expensive. At present,
the receiver will not last for more than
three or four days. It is McAdle's be
lief that he or Thiessen will improve
upon it.
The greatest difficulty previously en
countered by experimenters with wire
less telegraphy was to make the appa
ratus work in all kinds of weather.
Fog, rain,, heat nor cold have any ef
fect on McAdie's line. It has been
worked all through the month of De
cember without any serious hitches.
The greatest trouble ha? been in
keeping the vital portions of the appa
ratus dry. Both McAdie and Thiessen
have schemes for Improving their sys
tem. Neither seems to hope for per
sonal aggrandizement as a . result of
his great success and eacn tries to pass
the glory up to Secretary of Agricul
ture Wilson and Chief Moore of the
Weather Bureau.
- " PLAN USE ON SHIPS.
RECEIVER IS BETTER.
apparatus. Mesa.ges are frequently
sent to and from ships far out at sea.
The Marconi and the De Forrest sy»
tems are the ones most generally used.
Tt is alleged that the experts of vari
ous nations have made much progress
with wireless telegraphy in the last
few months, but results as well aa
methods are being kept secret. The
reason for this Is that a wireless sys
tem which works perfectly will be of;
Infinitely more value to a fleet of war
vessels than whole cargoes of torpe
does.
The plant was not put In operation
without great trouble. Something Was
always happening to make experiments
unsuccessful. Two men had to be con
stantly at the Farallones and some
times they were forced to go hungry
because the difficulties of transporta
tion were so great. Boats could not
sail according to, schedule on account
of stormy weather. Crews sometimes
failed to make a landing on the islands
when the boats reached their destlna-
HARDSHIPS ARE GREAT.
ncials Thomas and Hobbs have also
been engaged In the work.
McAdie has been studying wireless
telegraphy for several years. It is
nearly three years ago when high Gov
ernment officials first began to regard
him as something of -an authority in
these matters. When Secretary of Ag
riculture Wilson visited San Francisco
in May, 1901, with the late President
McKinley, McAdie took him to the top
of Mount Tamalpais and Is supposed to
have held a consultation there with
him on the subject of wireless teleg
raphy. At any rate Secretary Wilson
has encouraged the local official in his
work and together with Chief Moore
of the Weather Bureau has seen that
the funds necessary to conduct the ex
periments have been forthcoming. In
July, 1901, Professor McAdie' com
menced work on his present scheme of
wireless telegraphy. Many men have
been laboring for several months to
make the plan successful. The results
justify the expectations of McAdie and
his helpers.
Great Thing for Com
merce and for
Defense.
The apparatus in use on tlje new
Plant at present has been quite ex
pensive and it is by no means the best
that could have been obtained. The
work has cost already more than $10,
000 and still there Is need of money.
So successful has been the experiment,
however, that it is expected an appro
priation can be secured to continue the
¦ work-
The apparatus at Point Reyes and
the Farallones consists principally of
engines, dynamos, masts, gaffs and
batteries. McAdie 'has supervised the
•whole business and Thiessen has been
feecond In charge. Weather Bureau Of-
Most important of all, in time of war
the. Government of the United States
will have plenty of warning of the ap
proach of a hostile fleet to the harbor
of Ean Francisco. The line of defeue
'which lies now Just around the en
trance to the bay will be extended to
-include Point Reyes, the Farallones and
then back to the foot of the peninsula,
of which San Francisco Is the head.
APPARATUS IS COSTLY.
Professor Alexander G. McAdie, in
charge of the local branch of the Unit
ed States Weather Bureau, has prac
tically made a solution of the problem
t>( wireless telegraphy. Apparatus
which works perfectly has been install
ed at Point Reyes and on the southeast
Farallon. Messages have been sent
to and fro across the water with the
greatest accuracy. The whole matter
•has " been kept a profound secret by
those in charge. The plant has been
.working: successfully since December 8.
•Secretary Wilson of the Department
Of i Agriculture and Willis Moore, chief
of" the Weather Bureau, are in ecsta
sies over the result of the experiments.
Alfred H. Thiessen, the Government
wir.elcss telegraphy expert, has been
here assisting Professor McAdie in the
•work. He pronounces the plant to be
¦ Vhe most successful ever installed un
der the supervision of his department.
He has rendered within the last few
-days a report to Chief Weather Bureau
Official Moore explanatory of the work
of _ installation, setting forth the needs
o>f -the plant and noting the results of
the experiments.
¦ The Navy Department knows some
fWng of what has been done by Profcs
-#?oi* McAdie and an attempt has been
imade at Washington to secure the sta
tion, on the Farallones. The Weather
ftiireaui however, will continue its
work without interference.
Efforts will be made as soon as pos
sible to have every liner sailing from
ihis .px»rt equipped with the necessary
apparatus for wireless telegraphy. Ves
b€1s will be reported hours and perhaps
days earlier than can be done under
the present system. The agricultural
sections of the State can know days
ahead when there will be rain.
Government Officials
t Jubilant Over
' Success.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 4, 1904.
FARALLONES^ Jan. 3, — To The Call, :¦ Farallones sends greetings to Call by wireless.
g|| • ; {Signed) THIESSEN.
FIRST OFFICIAL MESSAGE OVER WIRELESS LIME COMES TO THE CALL
WIRELESS TELEGRAPHIC COMMUNICATION BETWEEN
POINT REYES AND FARALLONES IS ESTABLISHED
7
CABINET OFFICER AND HEAD OF LOCAL WEATHER BUREAU THROUGH WHOSE EFFORTS WIRELESS
TELEGRAPHIC COMMUNICATION HAS BEEN ESTABLISHED WITH FARALLONES: ALSO STATIONS
AND A DIAGRAM GIVING IDEA OF DEFENSES EXISTING AND PLANNED OF THIS HARBOR.• The Indians now happily" resident in Nevada are danc
ing their war drinking fire water and otherwise
conducting themselves to indicate clearly that they are
looking-for trouble. This is unfortunate, as Nevada; has
so few of the noble -red men- left that'she needs what she
has if for no other. purpose than as curiosities.
'A Valuable Relic.
Hubert , Darman, now living on a
farm near Jones City, Okla., has an in
teresting relic which he obtained
from -the Indians prior to the opening
of ;Oklahoma, to settlement. The relic
is .; an autograph s letter written by
Thomas Jefferson, April 11, 1806, and
given to a delegation of Indians which
Townsend's California glace fruits andv'
candies, 50c a pound. In artistic flre
ptched boxes. A niCe present for Eastern
friends. 715 Market st.. above Call bids "
Special information supplied dally ¦ to
business houses and public men by th»
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 CaU«.
fornia street. Telephone Main KH& •
IN the furtherance of a monumental scheme for open
ing to exploitation thousands of square miles of
. virgin country and linking the northjand'south coasts
of the Australian continent by a transcontinental ¦rail
road system, the Government of South. Australia is now
prepared to copy the policy of the United States in the
building of the Union Pacific. It stands ready to re
ceive bids for the construction of a railroad from Port
Darwin in the northern territory to Oodnadatta in
South Australia, . the present terminus of the line run
ning inland from" Adelaide on the Southern Ocean. For
each of the 1063 miles of railroad, necessary to complete
the cross-%ontinental system, the Government will grant
in fee simple v 75,000 ; acres, of; adjoining? land :from the
public domain with secured rights to all mineral or ripa
rian values attached thereto. The bids close on May
4, 1004.;
Th^s inducement of the South Australian Government
AUSTRALIA'S LAND GRANT ROAD. •
A Russian newspaper, speaking, it- is thought, by gov
ernmental inspiration, says that Russia will permit no
body to execute a diplomatic dance upon her peaceful
disposition. This is possibly one of the astute ways in
which the Czar chooses to inform the world that what
he acquires dishonestly in peace. he _ is prepa/ed to pro
tect in war. . .
Madame Tussaud's Wax Works.
Artent the centennial celebration of
the founding of Madame Tussaud's fa
mous waxworks in London the Dally
Globe of that metropolis gives the fol
lowing Interesting facts concerning the
romantic history of the madame:
"She left Berne as a girl with her
uncle, whose skill as a modeler In wax
of portraits and- anatomical subjects
was such that the Prince d© Contl In
duced him to settle in Paris and aban
don the profession of medicine. There
Mile. Grosholtz (the name of Madame
Tussaud before her marriage) became
even more sought after than her rela
tive. At his table she met the great
men of her time; Voltaire and Rous
seau, Franklin, Mirabeau. Necker and
La Favette sat to her for their por
traits in wax. The interest of her me
moirs, published in 1S38. lies in the
fact that friend and confidante as she
was of the royal house, she came into
contact with many whose doings make
up the history of the fall of Louis XVI.
Owing to h?r connection with the royal
house of France she was Imprisoned
during the revolution, and had aa her
fellow captive the luckless Mme. da
Beauharnals. who lived to ba the Em
press" Josephine. Among her earliest
experiences was the modeling of the
heads of prominent victims of the Ter
ror, some of them fresh from the guil
lotine; and it was only by the fall of
Robespierre, whose portrait, like that
of Voltaire, still remains in the show
as originally fashioned by Mme. Tus
saud, that she was saved the fate of
some of her subjects.
Milk in Bricks.
The inventors of a methojj by which
milk is now being solidified on a con
siderable scale confidently believe that
their discovery will rot "only abolish
the many dangers of the dairy, but will
eventually do away with the daior
Itself. They are confident, that is, that
the day of liquid milk is over.
People* who have tried to solidify milk
before have employed too low a tem
perature In their fear of decomposing
its fats and sugars, and in consequence
have failed. But by the Just-Hatmaker
process the liquid milk Is whisked
round polished cylinders kept at a fierce
heat bv steam, and comes off in a few
seconds in the form of a continuous
creamy-while sheet five feet In width.
This is reduced to powder and may be
cornpressed into cakes.
The features of the product is that it
is still potentially milk — the whole milk
and nothing but the milk, and to make
new milk at any time it is only neces
sary to add the seven parts of water
which have been evaporated.
The result Is said to be difficult to
distinguish from fresh milkl Its cream
rises naturally, and it may be made
into butter* or cheese. The powder and
cakes "keep indefinitely, and v samples
have been sent round the world and
kept for three weeks in Shanghai, re
turning quite fresh. Obviously it is im
possible, to water, skim or adulterate
solid milk, and a fact to which the in
ventors attach extreme importance is
that all attempts to cultivate microbes
on it: have failed.
•American country is able to accom
¦plish. and no European or Asiatic coun
try wi!l be permittf d to attempt, should
be "clean" and "decent" and without
the reproach of intrigue or of neglect
•of the rights of others, or of combina
tions with political or other leaders of
parties or gpcts in / country to ride
. down opposition or to oppress the own
¦ 'era and claimants of hom?st rights with
• confiscation and denial of i-istice. If
" one man, whose opinions would be of
as little value as mine are, if he were
not President, can reveree and brush
jj away as chaff the conclusions cf all the
great and scientific men who have
studied these questions thoroughly
during the past two centuries and can
* crush all who dare to question his wis
dom, it is time to look more deeply into
this matter and see whether hi can also
crush the statute laws and the rights
I of. Conjrress.
. IthinK that the appeal to paity disci
pline to force his opinions on the coun
. try and his measures of aggression on
foreign countries, in addition to his
power as commander in chief of the
"army and navy, which he us»s with a
dreadful latitude of construction, is so
strong a proof of heart failure in the
pi««ent wild movements that i am en
.couraged to hope that there are still
some barriers that we may^rely upon
.to protect the peace and save the com
merce of the country. I regret that
party discipline is to be used as, a do
mestic police force to protect "the
transit" in Panama and to guard the
•interests of the New Panama Canal
Company. That we will get a canal, if
one can be built at Panama, I have no
'doubt, for the President has said so.
Yet this result is not so clearly certain
or £3 safe, as if he should obey the
£p<<orer law.
The Spooner amendment to the House
bill did not substitute the Panama route
for the Nicaragua route. It only gave
6. preference in the selection of routes
to the Panama scheme, upon certain
conditions that are now impossible. The
giving of this preference,' as stated and
regulat.J in the Spooner amendment.
flid not replace the Nicaragua route or
condemn it with even a shadow of dis
approval. On the contrary, that law is
as firm and decisive as to the merits of
the Nicaragua route as the Hepburn
bill, the language of which in this re
spect was copied from that bill. The
Spooner law orders the President ."to
cause the isthmian canal commission to
excavate and construct the Nicaraguan
Canal if Colombia should fail within' a
reasonable time to ratify a treaty with
the United States making certain con
cessions and stipulations prescribed In
. the Spooner act. • 1
From the beginning it has been the
proud miesion of our Government and
Eaiwsdrohpcr Caught.
"If therft is one thing I detest more
than any other." said a prominent at
torney, "it is to have some one glancing
over my shoulder when I am writing a
letter. The other day I was penning a
communication to a friend of mine and
while seated at my desk another friend,
who is well-meaning but ill-mannered,
sauntered Ir.to my office and without
any ado began to look at what I was
writing. '
. "The communication was of no par
ticular importance, but it made me
nervous to have seme one else read it.
I . was for Riving vent to my feelings,
but hit upon a plan which I thought
would tearh mv friend a lesson, so I
wrote on the letter:
"'I would write more, but a con
temptible scoundrel is looking over my
shoulders and sc- I will close, etc.*
"What was my surprise when my im
polite friend blurted out:
"'Why, the idea. I wasn't reading
your letter at a!l!' "
UNITED STATES SEXATOR
WHO CONDEMNS SELEC
TION OF PANAMA ROUTE.
WE scratch a match for our 'convenience in get
ting a light or a fire, and Without thought of
what , a match means. In this country we
scratchjrnatchcs .every year that v require four billion feet
of pine lumber in their manufacture. That represents
400 acres of virgin pine forest. If the consumption of
matches remained as now, without increase, the boy just
born will by the end of his three score years have seen
the destruction of 24,000 acres of pine for the manufac
ture of matches alone.
The railroads consume ninety million ties annually in
renewal of their substructures, which means' the annual
destruction of three billion feet of timber. The telegraph
poles required annually amount to 750,000. Ths
demand for ties and poles strips annually 100,000 acres
of timber. The demand for shoe pegs uses up yearly
3000 acres of hardwood, and lasts and boot trees require
the use of a half million cords more. Wood pulp for
paper takes yearly 80,000 acres of-timber. All of these
uses are minor demands upon the forest. High above
them is the demand for building lumber, dimension tim
ber, furniture and ship-building. The rapid destruction of
the forest far outruns replanting. The efforts of nature
to renew the forest are thwarted by annual fires, which
not only destroy the young growth, but join the match
and shoe maker, the railroads and telegraphs and the
pulp mills in destroying the old timber as well.
When American land-owners understand the profit
of planting, timber, and are willing by that means to en
rich their heirs and their estates, every holding wilr be
in part devoted to a crop of trees. A farmer in^ndiana
fifty years ago planted white pine on part of his land.
He is now 68 years old, but finds that 100 acres planted
to white pine, 100 trees to the acre, is now worth
$30,000, putting the value of the lumber at only $10 per
thousand feet. In all the prairie States, and in the
deserts where irrigation is being introduced, and in the
valleys of California, eveYy land-holder may do better
than devoting all his land to annual crops by planting
parti of it to merchantable timber.
The man in "Indiana lived to >see his tree plantation
equal -an investment of S2000 running fifty years on 6
per cent interest compounded annually. He did not
have the $2000 in cash to invest, and if he had he could
not have invested it at 6 per cent compound interest on
security always safe. But he had the land and could
get trees for nothing out of the forest. Prudent men
resort to life insurance to safeguard their families, and
that is wise and well. But the prudent land-holder who
desires to do something for his children a,nd grand
children can beat both current rates of interest and life
insurance by planting trees of the kinds that have com
mercial value. *
By devoting part of his land to'a tree crop he 'does
more than appears on the . financial side of the matter.
He'enriches the landscape, affords shelter for the birds
which destroy the insect enemies "of his crops, and he
increases the fertility of the rest of his land for annual
crops by increasing the moisture. It is a^ matter of ob
servation* that ""rreerplanting in Nebraska has extended
the tillable frontier of that State westward at the rate
of about three miles a year. On our deserts a great ally
of irrigation' will be found to be tree-planting.
If it be where only the cottonwood will grow, dense
"plantations of that tree will by' and by be sought by the
wood pulp mills, and the cottonwpod renews "itself rap
idly by seeds and suckers. While we are looking to the
State, and National governments to do much in forest
ing, it should not be forgotten 5 that every land-owner
has it in his power to profit himself and improve his lo
cality by using part of his land for a private forest.
THE USES OF TIMBER.
BT CHARLES R. FLINT.
[Ex-Consul General to Nicaragua and Costa
Rica: Orranlzer of U. S. Rubber Company,
Pacific Coast Clipper Line. American-
Hawaiian S. S. Co., Atlantic Coast S. S.
Co.. etc.}
(Copyright, 19CH, by Joseph B.. Bowles.)
A canal between the Atlantic and the
Pacific is the greatest project of the
century. It will undoubtedly benefit the
world at large, .but it will be of especial
advantage to the Latin-American re
publics, particularly Colombia and the
Central American -States, as the dis
tance saved by them will be proportion
ately greater than that saved by other
countries.
The opening of the caAal will mark
important changes in the International
trade. The wheat and other products
of the Pacific slope, which have hereto
fore been carried around Cape Horn, or
through the Straits of Magellan to Eu
rope, will then have to traverse less
than one-half the distance. Many arti
cles of merchandise can be placed in
markets where heretofore it has not
been possible for them to compete. For
example, although the lumber of Ore
gon is the lowest cost lumber in the
world, but little now comes to the At
lantic because of the long distance
around Cape Horn.
The question as to the relative cost
of the different canal routes can be
passed upon intelligently only by en
gineers after a thorough investiga
tion; general impressions of others,
who are often prejudiced by personal
interests, are of little value. We must
accept the report of the engineers who
made an exhaustive investigation aa
to the relative merits of the different
routes and who have reported In favor
o( Panama.
As to the title of the property re
quired for the construction of the can
al, it would appear that entirely satis
factory conditions are offered by the
government of Panama, which condi
tions are embodied in the Hay-Varilla
treaty.
Certainly if , the United States fur
nishes the cash necessary to build the
canal and give other nations the ben
efit of that construction at the . same
rates of toll as paid by its own ves
sels, it should have the most favorable
conditions possible to Justify the enor
mous outlay which will be necessary
for the successful completion of this
gigantic work.
In considering the relative .nerits of
the different routes, the question of
locks, the length— Panama forty-nine
miles, Nicaragua 183 miles— the fact
that the Nicaragua route would be the
shortest ' distance from the Atlantic
ports of the" United States to its Pa
cific ports, have all been taken into
consideration, and in view of the work
already done at ?an?.ma the engin
eers' estimates and all things consid
ered, I have no question but that the
Panama route is the best.
Another item to be considered is the
cost of maintenance of the canal, that
of Nicaragua being estimated at $3,
300,000 per annum and Panama at $2,
000,000, which difference of $1,300,000
capitalized at 2 per cent, about the
present rate of United States bond in-"
terest, would amount to $65,000,000^
A very important advantage to the
United States to be kept in mind in
considering the cost ' of the canal is
that which would obtain in case of war
by being able to transfer our war ves
sels and transports from one ocean to
the other. The importance of this was
brought home to us by the famous
voyage of the battleship Oregon. It
costs the United States to support its
navy $75,000,000 per annum. If its effi
ciency is increased ten per cent by the
facility of being able to transfer its
ships from one ocean to the other, it
woultL mean an advantage to us "of
$7,500,000 per annum, which, capitalized
at two per cent, would amount to $150,
000.000—more than sufficient to com
plete the Panama canal.
The projected canal will prove a po
tent influence In the development of
Latin-America, and will tend to cement
intimate commercial, financial and. pck
litical relations between the Americas.
Flint on Panama Canal.
Santo Dorajngo is now in the happy possession and de
lightfully uncertain enjoyment of four full-fledged, ambi
tious war parties, each determined to do and die in the
sanguinary service of the gay goddess of liberty who
presides over its half of the little island. This condition
may safely be characterized as ideal. What a splendid
crop of dead patriots these four war parties ought to
produce as a preliminary to the restoration of peace for
decent citizens. ,.
Foes of Ocean Travel
In his article on the methods of de
stroying the half-sunken vessels that
float the ocean, in Harper's Magazine
for January, H. H. Lewis gives some
interesting information as to the num
ber of these ocean wanderers and their
rtmarkable voyages.
"The statistics collected so far state
that the average number of derelicts
annually sighted in the Atlantic is 232,',*
says Mr. Lewis. "The year 1S93 was ths
most prolific, 41S floating derelicts of.
every degree being reported to the bu
reau.
"Take the remarkable case of the
Fannie E. Woolston. Left by her crew
off the American coast in 1891, she
drifted tor three years and six days,
covering in that time more than 10.000
miles. In the course of her wandering
she followed the gulf stream over to
England, then took a jaunt down the
European coast, and finally, true, to* her
country, returned by devious ways over
the equator back to America, where she
was wrecked three degrees north of the
spat where she started adrift.
"The schooner .B. R. "Woodside. an
other famous derelict, began her career
several hundred miles east of Savan
nah. She started off toward Europe by
way of the gulf stream, changed her
mind when near the Canary Islands
and turned back to within twenty miles
of her starting point. Then she drifted
south to the islands of Florida, became
mixed up in a storm and went zigzag
ging acros3 the ocean. She crossed her
own path a number of times and was
sighted by forty different shipmasters,
who made haste to report her maneu
vers to the Hydrographic Bureau. Sha
was a particularly dangerous specimen
of the genus derelict, and there was
great relief in marine circles when it
was reported that some enterprising
craft had picked her up and towed her
to Abaco, New Providence.
"The honor of being the most remark
able derelict probably belongs to the
Fred B. Taylor, the craft that was run
into by the Trave in 1832. The sharp
bow of the trans-Atlantic liner cut the
sail Ins vessel squarely in half, and by
all rules of marine procedure should
have sent her to the bottom. Strange
to relate, however, the two parts re
mained afloat and each started off on
its own hook to become a member of
the profession of derelicts. The stern
was blown north and finally brought
up on Wells Beach, and the bow,
guided by an Inshore current, went
south and came to grief opposite the
Carolinas." , ":Z~ -":__
'A Bubble.
Jarr.es P. Treadwell spent his days
in a dank smelling elevator down on
Sansome street, tugging hour after hour
upon the shiny eld rope which acted as
the brake on the old-fashioned water
elevator. o-.v-- ;
His shoulders had .become rounded by
much tugginss on that self-same rope,
and the cheerless light of the shaft had
bleached his face to a prematurely old
shallowness.* But for each of the busi
ness men who stepped daily into his di
lapidated lift, James P., as he was fa
miliarly called, had a cheery nod and a
word! about the condition of stocks or
the price of such .and such a commodity
up for barter.
Through many years of pinching and
deprivation James P. had managed to
put aside from his niggardly monthly
pay enough to bring his account at the
bank barely into the four figures. Then
came^the Xome excitement. The head
of James P. grew light with the tales
of fortunes made in a minute, and these
precious four nsures In the bank were
transferred to his credit for stock pur
chased in the Yukon Gold Dredging and
Exploitation Company. According to
the glittering prospectus the wreciter
T. P. Whitelaw was to be fitted with
a gold dredging outfit and the gold
would be ripped from the bed of the
Yukon like shingles off a roof.
But one fatal morning James P. read
by the misty light in his elevator that
the T. P. Whitelaw had gone down off
Mendocino, j an absolute loss. "With a
sigh, almost a choke, James P. turned
and grasped again tlie shiny eld rope.
Morgan Favors Nicaragua.
BT V. S. SENATOR JOHN T. MORGAN,
/Copyright, 1904, by Joseph B. Bowles.)
I will state a few of "the reasons for
the faith that is in me" as to the great
superiority of the Nicaragua route and
the honest fear that almost everybody
has that the Panama route is impossi
ble as a practical route.
I have only been anxious to be right
in my votes as a Senator on these ques
tions, and that our country in working
out this great scheme, which no other
had visited "Washington to see Mr. Jef
ferson, who was then" President.
It is not remarkable that a letter
written by Thomas Jefferson should be
extant, for Mr. Jefferson wrote letters
by the thousand, and at a time, too.
when his fame would cause them to be
treasured, but it is remarkable that a
fragile sheet of paper could be kept for
so many years by a roving band of In
dians who had no other habitation than
bark huts. The letter was addressed
to the Poncas, Otoes, Iowas, Osagea,
Sacs. Foxes, Pottaxvatomies anfl Sioux
by President Jefferson. The Indiana
from whom Mr. Darman obtained it
seemed to have no knowledge of its im
port, but were keeping it among other
papers of little or no historic value.
Mr. Darman lived among the Indiana
and learned to talk their language flu
ently, and it was while he was living
among the Sacs that he found the let
ter. The fact that it is addressed to
the only inhabitants, at that time, of
Oklahoma gives additional Interest to
the letter.
T.HE year just closed was one of the most remark
able, commercially, that the country has ever had.
•It was a year of uninterrupted retrenchment and re
adjustment, of enormous liquidation, and yet this liquida
tion .was so skillfully met and managed by the controll
ing financial interests of the country that ,it was chiefly
confined to the stock market and only indirectly affected
general trade, and even then not seriously. But the ef
fect on the stock market was extremely severe. Values
of securities of all classes, industrial and railway, shrank
to such a degree that the shrinkage mounted far up into
the millions and was called "the rich man's panic." Vast
syndicates, floated with great eclat and hurrah a year or
/two previously, were so unmercifully investigated and
pruned by the banks that their assets, largely of a paper
character, declined enormously. A number were forced
out of business, others went to pieces of their own weight,
and others, notably the "shipbuilding and steel trusts, were
subjected to the rays of a financial searchlight that ex
posed a condition of affairs not at all complimentary to
their promoters and managers. And all this happened
without any commercial panic and its completion found
the country's trade on a safer and better basis than be
fore, with money abundant everywhere«and the mercan
tile community- still optimistic and confident of the fu
ture. This is the condition of the country to-day.
If there is one feature more prominent than others at
present it is the abundance and ease of fundsl We passed
through the fall without any 'stringency worthy of the
name and the moving of the crops has thus far been ac
complished without any recourse to drastic measures to
relieve a tight monej' market. This was an agreeable
surprise all around, as a stringency had been apprehended
as far back as last spring. Never before has the country
been so well supplied with ready cash. The gold supply
in the United States Treasury a month ago was reported
above all previous records. Our foreign obligations have
been liquidated down to a small compass and our foreign
trade balance makes a favorable showing. Reductions
in quotations for iron and steel, provisions and sundry
other great necessary staples, have stimulated trade* in
these branches, which are reporting renewed activity in
the demand and at generally steadier prices. But as a
rule the tendency in prices " is still downward, as they
were too high for several years, and finally got beyond
the capacity of the public purse. There is a limit to the
purchasing power of the public as well as to that of the
individual, and that limit has been reached and in some
lines of trade overreached. A recession in these lines has
occured as a logical sequence.
There was little or nothing new in trade last week.
There never is during holiday week. The feature was
the announcement of sweeping reductions in wages by
several of the trusts to meet the smaller returns on the
capital caused by the great liquidation of 1903. This is
an unwelcome beginning of the new year to hundreds of
thousands of workmen, but'thus far the readjustment in
wages has not caused any serious labor troubles.
The staples show no marked changes and the few
notedare in the direction of stronger markets. . Wool
shows more tone, with increased buying by rnills/^The
sensational advance and subsequent reaction in cotton
have so unsettled this market that the mills are operating
with caution and keeping close inshore as far as pur
chasing raw material is concerned, j Hides are reported
steadier. Coffee is quoted firm and active. Lumber is
irregular, being quiet in some sections and moving off
freely in others. The grain markets of the country
showed little change until the close of the week, when
they were affected by Saturday's war scare. Wheat
promises to be an abundant crop all over the world and
up to Saturday the large consuming markets of Europe
refused to get excited over the threatened., war between
Russia and Japan. The Government estimates our cprn
crop at about 2.200,000,000 bushels, which imparts a feel
ing of confidence throughout the East and West.
With plenty of ready cash on hand and large crops of
wheat and corn to further increase the supply,"" with the
earnings of the railways larger than a year ago and ex
panded building operations already outlined for the com
ing spring, the outlook for trade in the United States
during the first six months of 1904 is certainly promising.
But there is not much expectation of higher prices for
general merchandise, nor of any pronounced increase in
mercantile activity.
As far as our local California conditions are con
cerned the prospects are optimistic. From all around us,
north and south, come advices of depleted supplies \ of
grain, hay and other forage, with intimations that
fornia may have to be drawn upon for supplies before
the crop year is over. This of course imparts a feeling
of confidence all over the State. Our wool, hops, hides,
canned and dried fruits have been bringing returns highly
satisfactory to the farmer'and orchardist; our real estate
I markets have been more active than for years back; our
chief city is growing enormously, and our banks, city and
country, report large supplies of money available for sol
vent borrowers at normal rates of interest; and the only
cloud on. the horizon to-day is the lack of rain in. the
southern part of the State, which is becoming a source
of apprehension in some quarters. The northern and
central parts have thus far had enough moisture for farm
ing and grazing qperations and no complaints of dry
•veather are heard from San Francisco northward. With
average rains from now on even the southern half of the
State will probably pull through all right.
OLD AND NEW TRADE YEAR.
people, under a providence that Is ias
peculiar to them as the founding of
the kingdom of Messiah was to the
seed of Abraham, that we should
lift up the western rite between
the oceans.
The wily Briton, sleepless in
vigilance and wise in forecast, saw
that^ we were preparing to cross
the sea with ships through dry land,
and she set hersi If across our path and
held us in check for fifty years. "What
we suffered in that period it is useless
now to recount. In the time of waiting
we grew so strong that open opposition
to us by force became too dangerous to
our ancient kinsmen, and Great Britain
retired apparently to gather the fruits
of rich harvests at Suez, which she had
captured by stealth, and she even be
came our friend. She has so fallen in
love with us Indeed that she gives us
encouragement in our raid on Colombia,
which is contra bonas mores, knowing
that Panama is a morass, in which our
strong limbs will flounder, and we will
sink like a mastodon mired in a quick
sand.
France essayed to rid herself of a
body of death that she had created to
take the honors that belonged to us,
but the Panama canal died' on her
hards, and France had been so long
chained to its cadaver that she is sup
plicatine us to relieve her of its pres
sure.
De Lesseps had been here and had
distributed great wealth among bank
ers and easy-going officials in high
places, who learned that the presence
of the agents of the Panama Canal
Company among us, old or new. was a
certain indication of "pay dirt."
These always "welcome universal
bankruptcy in markets and morals
when they are not caught in the fall,
and ifcey surrender at once and at dis
cretion. The seed planted by De Les
seDS. which cost him the recorded de
cree of a convicted felon, and is a bar
sinister on the escutcheon of one of the
world's foremost benefactors, still ger
minates among us, and our bank
ers and corruDtionists of hish and low
degree still dig around the deadly crop
in search of the pot of gold. If they
find it they are glorious and immune
from the stinging arrows of public
opinion, and that hope Justifies the ef
fort and condones the disgrace.
'A Pledge.
"Talk about New Year's resolutions,"
said an old miner at the Lick House
yesterday. "I shall never forget . one
that~was made in a camp down in Ari
zona a few years ago. New Year's eve
forty of us were jammed into Colorado-
Pete's. Pete "was as ugly a specimen
of frontier gin sllnger as I had ever run
across. Everything was whisky that
night. :-}y.9]
"Along about midnight a stranger
blew In. The boys eyed him, and one
of them called him over to join the
crowd. . He drank, once, twice, three
times, then- he turned on us and the
temperance sermon that fellow poured
out would- have made Neal Dow turn in
his grave.
"Before he cot through every moth
er's son of us had taken the pledge and
had drifted out. The stranger followed
a bunch of us. and he said:
" 'See here, boys" you can't keep that
pledge as long as this gin mill stands.
Let's pull It down.'
"Just .drunk enough to da anything.
we waited until Pete had shut the flim
sy door and put out the lights. It was
the only whisky shop In the camp. Our
stranger friend had disappeared. Sud
denly there was a terrific explosion, a
crash and 'Pete's* had been blown to
atoms. Pete went with the mess.
" 'To all of you— Pete stole my wife
from me. I've settled accounts. Keep
your pledge.' "
"At daylight some of the boys found
the stranger's body near the creek that
ran alongside 'Pete's.' ' There "was a
bullet wound in the head, a pistol
grasped*in the right hand. And pinned
tq the ragged shirt front was this note:
to procure the construction of its great railroad invites
comparison with* the land-grant scheme which fostered
the completion of the Union Pacific in the sixties. When"
Congress decided to assist in the financing of* this rail
road it first granted to the : company every alternate
section of land for ten miles on each side of the track
and subsequently raised this bonus to cover every
twenty miles^on both sides of the rails. Moreover gold
bonds to the total value of $29,328,000, maturing in thirty
years. and bearing 6 per cent interest, were apportioned
out upon the completion of each twenty miles of roadway.
Through less pressing^need and the presence of more
available capital, the South Australian Government is
not moved to hold out such a lavish prize to hesitating
investors. ,The question of the Government ownership
of the proposed railroad is not yet settled. Further, the
blocks of land offered as grants must abut alternately
upon the one side and the other of the roadway.
It is safe to say that the public lands thus offered by
the antipodal Government to insure the development of
the vast interior of Australia have a potential value as
great as that of the undeveloped plains of our own great
West in the sixties. In a comprehensive pamphlet,
issued by the South Australian Government, the reports
of experts upon the resources of "the bush" are sej
forth. The northern' territory, which the projected sys
tem will traverse, has an area of 523.620 square miles,
nearfy five times that of Great Britain. ' For 1200. miles
it has a seacoast with harbors and navigable rivers. In
the virtually unexplored interior, though drought is suf
fered as in the^plateau States of our own country, the
conditions are favorable for artesian irrigation. The
whole interior contains gold, both placer and in the form
of quartz; but the difficulties of transportation have
made the mines practically worthiest. The very prom
ising agrarian and grazing resources have only recently
been exploited.
For the restless energy of capital the land-grant rail
road project and the development- of the interior which
will follow upon its completion should offer a profitable
vent." Certain it is that the opening of the heart of the
Australian continent will be the precursor of a new
epoch in the industrial life of all the states therein. The
great wealth hidden in the interior needs only the talis
man touch of the steel rails' to become revealed.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, iMOXDAY: JANUARY 4. 1904.
THE SAN ., EHANCISCO GALL,
--- ' - '. ,.. ¦ ~ ¦...¦>-—— . . ,.......'i . . . — ... — - ¦ J^.-— — — ¦ ¦¦---»
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor • ....??•? . Address All Commanications to JOHN HcNAUGHT, Manager
Publication O^ce <J^^^^^> Third and Market Streets, S. F.
MONDAY. . t. ¦ • • • • • *.......... .JANUARY 4, 1904
8
INSTRUCTIVE STUDIES
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMEN
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES.The receiver Is new to the orft-ators a.nd it
require constant adjustment. At present the
needs are for better Insulation end insulators
A "ground" was formed practically the
tame as the one at Point Reye*. • • • The
details cf Installation were completed «ufficient
ly.on December S to make tests.. Signals were
received that day at the Point Reyes station.
Two days later complete words were received
¦ t 'both stations. The stations are now prac
tically more efficient than we ever had the
Mar.tee and Hattera* stations.
' Southeast Farallon the riant ts essential
ly the t-arne a? that at Point Reyea except th«t
Jt is not so well provide with toots. The
fending and receiving: station l« placed in the
Ftore room of Weather I'.urtau house, but It
1* thought that after further experience it may
b* moved in otfire pvrn. The mart Is located
on sllfiht bluff northeast of Weather Bureau
house. The batteries are placed in «ore room
*nd are charred by dynamor In the engine
Blvd. the store room and endne ehed being
iKjnnectod by heavy leads.
- .j\ few days ago Thiessen made a
.preliminary report of the work on the
Weather Bureau system at Po'.nt
R4yes and the Farallones. The lm
pcrrt*nt portion of his communication
v> Chief Moore follows:
' Xt Point Reye« th* plant con»i«t» of in en
c<£ _*d a m**t and .pparatug In Weather
Bureau house. The rr.jrlne shed contains en
r'ne Svnamo. batter!** »nd a few tooU. The
arVar&tu* la office room consists of sender
!-jw"w • • • The mart is located on
bluff twenty-five feet e««t of house. The ver
tical consist* of nine wires fifty feet Ion*, all
lvir.* in the same plan, and the vertical Is
dropped from peak to raff «o that It lies in an
__2*_t plane «nd it» lowe*t point Is at the
eart window of office room where apparatus is
"The* coll 1* operated by b&tterie* in the cn
eine room. Heavy leads connect the engine
*he4- with the offlce. The plant ia approxi
mately 6(iO fe*t above sea level and a •ground*
uac formed by burying f™«" flve-jallon oil
cans near hou»<» and eoldfrlnc pround wire to
them.
TIIIKSSEX MAKES REPORT.
! Vessels equipped with the Marconi,
Thiessen. De Forrest or German sys
tems will all be equally well able to
hold comunication with the plants at
Point Reyes or the Farallones. The
apparatus is said to be simple and
may be used in the various known
Methods of sending out the electrical
atmospheric waves. The military
authorities two years ago attempted to
perfect a system of wireless teleg
raphy between the Presidio usxC Alca
trat Island. The experiment proved
'only partly successful and the scheme
has been temporarily abandoned.
omy and practicability of use in all
kinds of ¦weather. There are no pat
f-nts on these inventions, which are
expected to revolutionize wireless
telegraphy.
McAdie says that if apparatus is in
stalled on the ships sailing from San
Francisco he •will soon be able to tell
the farmers when to plant seeds and
¦wb-en to get ready for rain and to give
th*? fruitgrowers plenty of warning to
cover up their crops. Prognostications
.-¦*¦ to the weather are made with the
'greatest difficulty at San Francisco,
owing to the fact that nothing of ap
iirdaching clouds or storms can be
learned from the Bide of the ocean.
With wireless telegraphy the work of
forecasting can be made much simpler
for the student of meteorology.
The insulations of the Weather Bu
reau apparatus are said to be vastly
superior to any others in use nt present.
Thiessen says that they are not yet
•perfect, however, and he is striving to
improve them. The chief points of
excellence in the so-called Thiessen
«vstem are insulation, receiver, econ-
INSULATIONS ARE GOOD.
iriz conducted with the utmost se
crecy. German experimenters with
wireless telegraphy are attempting to
accomplish the same thing. Marconi,
it -is said, is merely endeavoring to in
crease his energy so that the ordinary
electrical atmospheric waves will
travel from shore to shore across the
ocean.
When" the energy will all travel in
8 - One to a fixed arc the greatest prob
lem of wirej^ss telegraphy will be
solved, and mundane distance, as far
B» communication goes, will be anni
hilated. McAdie and Thiessen are
.^rd at work on this feature of their
invention, and while they will not pre
di< t success they are hopeful of it.
Experiments along this line are be-
' Under a!l present systems, including
that of th* 1 \V>ath«>r Bureau. 59 per cent
of th» rncrgy generated by thx* electri
cal machins is lost. The warts in the
atmosphere. like those made in the
water by th*= throwing of a stone, spread
equally in all directions. No one has
ever yet been able to send all the waves
of electricity through the air to a plven
point.
v'essels within the near future. The
Weather Bureau is not able to provide
.money for such a purpose, however,
and it is expected that ship owners will
take the initiative in the matter. A
t=hip could be properly equipped with
wireless telegraphic apparatus for less
than $1000.
It is the primary object of the
"Weather Bureau to get its data for
forecasting meteorological changes
through wireless telegraphy from ap
proaching and departing vessels. It was
with this point in view that the ex
perimenters labored. They realize,
however, that a more important result
may b<? attained in the savin? of lives
and property and in the defense of the
harbor. Had the Rio Janeiro been in
communication with the shore ty wire
less telegraphy her officers would have
known exactly where she was and
whither she was being carried by the
ifde.
The presence of battleships of a hos
tile nation would be known by wireless
telegraphy from the FaraJlones or pos
sibly a dispatch-boat properly equipped
with apparatus long before she could
b»» seen bv the observers with tele-
\
Continued from Page 7, Column 7
"I am chiefly interested in our suc
cess because it will advance the ends
of the Weather Bureau, but I realiz?
that the by products might possibly
prove of more general value. The Call
has done a great deal for the cause
of wireless telegraphy and I want to
congratulate it now that something
has been accomplished of more than
passing interest and importance.
"I am glad to do what I can for every
one here in the world and if I have con
tributed In any degree to the general
welfare through this work I shall feel
fully repaid: We hav- ambitious plans
for improving our system and we hope
for success. The thing is on a practical
working basis. The machine Is run
ning and we must study to see how we
may make it run more 1 easily.
"I only hope that the owners of ves
sels will realize the value of equipping
them with the necessary apparatus.
The work can then go on rapidly. Wire
less telegraphic apparatus can be in
stalled on any of our ships for consid
erably less than $1000. We cannot do
it ourselves, for we have only the
means provided by the Weather Bureau
and the Department of Agriculture. .
"Our system is similar to that favor
ed by the Italian Government, but I
think we have* attained more success
than they. We have not infringed on
any patents. We have been fortunate
in securing such economical methods
of doing the work. Reducing the ex
pense to a reasonable amount puts the
thing on a practical basis.
"Mr. Thiessen has worked faithfully
and well. He deserves all the glory
that the experimenters should have.
The other boys have furnished us much
aid. Neither Thiessen nor myself ex
pect now or ever did expect to reap
any financial benefit from our labors.
We would be willing to let any one get
what advantage they might from our
Improvements, but the authorities at
Washington have directed us to take
out patents.
McAdie said yesterday: "The biggest
part of the credit for this achievement
belongs to Willis Moore. Chief of the
Weather Bureau and to Secretary Wil
son of the Department of Agriculture.
They provided the means for us and
If we have done anything it is due to
their labors in our behalf:
Particular stress is laid on the claim
that it Is more difficult to successfully
operate a wireless telegraph system be
tween the Farallones and Point Reyes
than between any other two known
points on the surface Of the earth. Sec
retary Wilson, Chief Moore and Mc-
Adie are agreed- on this question. The
winds are nearly always high, \ the fog
is generally heavy, the sea is "never
calm and if electrical atmospheric
waves can travel between the two sta
tions, at. any time and under any
weather conditions, it Is positive that
wireless telegraphy may be used over
an equal distance anywhere.
McAdie said yesterday that If a storm
were coming to Southern California and
he knew it, then the knowledge would
be worth a million dollars to the agri
culturists. The meteorologists will be
immensely benefited from a scientific
standpoint when the weather off coast
can be known daily. Problems \ which
have been puzzling the weather experts
for many years will be solved, and the
results will be awaited eagerly by the
scientists of every civilized country.
McAdie declares that the ferry service
in the harbor w!ll be improved incalcula
bly when the boats use wireless teleg
raphy. Collisions will be averted on
foggy nights. The courses of the steam
ers may be maintained without fear of
going wrong because the lights cannot
be seen. The sinking of the San Rafael
and the running aground of the Sausa
lito were accidents that might have
been averted if these ferryboats had
been communicating with each other
and the shore by means of wireless
telegraphy.
CONDITIONS UNFAVORABLE.
The present defense lines at the en
trance to the harbor are dangerously
short. All three systems of batteries
are powerful, and the stream may
be mined, but time should be given for
the preparation of a defense. Dispatch
boats prepared to transmit wireless
messages would give all the warning
necessary for adequate, protection.
A hostile fleet could not enter the har
bor If the defenses were properly
manned and the defenders were aware
of what was coming. Hongkong coul4
almost as easily be taken. Wireless
telegraphy applied to the defenses of
this port would make it impossible for
some Dewey of a foreign power to steal
into the harbor some dark night over a
thoroughly mined channel.
But in times of peace wireless tele
graphy at San Francisco will prove no
less valuable to the people of the city
and of the State. When boats are going
or coming they can signal ahead what
may be the state of the weather. In
this way the forecaster will know if a
storm is approaching and how severe it
may be. . -
the harbor unnoticed, when every ob
server on this part of the coast was en
deavoring to find a trace of her. When
the ship was discovered sh£ was al
most up to Meiggs wharf.
Such a happening as that in the case
of a foreign man-of-war on# mischief
bent would result disastrously. McAdie
will not at present tell the name of the
vessel, nor when the thing happened,
but he says that he is ready to come
iorward with the proof if the military
authorities are skeptical. '• '
DEFENSE LINES AKE SHORT.
When ships of this port equipped
with the proper apparatus are ap
proaching port the information may be
sent broadcast long before the vessels
heave in sight. Frequently ocean liners
get outside the heads Just at nightfall
and cannot enter the harbor until the
following day. If they are in commu
nication with the shore boats may be
sent out to them and mails may be dis
patched across the continent many
hours before it would be possible under
the present arrangement.
If passengers or ship's officers are in
great haste to communicate with peo
ple ashore messages may be sent by
means of wireless telegraphy and trans
ferred to the regular telegraph or tele
phone lines. In such a case as that
Consul General Wildman would not
have been in such urgent haste to have
had the Rio de Janeiro come into port.
Under present conditions the military
authorities might possibly only have a
short warning to prepare for an at
tempt by an enemy's fleet to enter the
harbor and take the city. Professor
McAdie asserts that he has indisputa
ble proof that a vesserre'cehtly entered
The inventors* superiors sent imme
diate commands that applications be
made for patents on all new devices in
use at the Farallones and Point Reyes
stations. It is intended that the Gov
ernment shall be protected in respect
to the discoveries made by its em
ployes. McAdie and Thiessen have
merely a scientific interest in their ex
periments and had no intention or de
sire to patent their inventions until
they were commanded to do so by their
superiors.
Immediate benefits will be reaped by
the people at large as' soon as vessels
are equipped with the necessary appa
ratus. California will take a long step
forward in the race for State pre-em
inence. Science, agriculture and com
merce will an be advantageously af
fected. '"','>'
Secretary Wilson and Chief Moore
have been apprised of the success of
their subordinates, and both are highly
pleased. As a particular and unusual
mark of his appreciation of what has
been accomplished at San Francisco,
Secretary of Agriculture Wilson has
sent a telegram to McAdie congratu
lating him and wishing him happiness
for the new year, which has been so
auspiciously begun.
The greatest fear of the local officials
of the Weather Bureau is that the
higher authorities may stop their work
and turn it over to some other branch
of the Government for further investi
gation. It is certain that both Secre
tary Wilson and Chief Moore will do all
in their power to let McAdie and Thies
sen continue their labors without in
terruption. \ .
MUST GET PATENTS.
McAdie, Thiessen and their assistants
had accomplished their purpose. From
now on, the growth of the new science
under governmental protection is as
sured.
The system has worked and wfll work
again. Future progress will be in the
line of improvements. The possibilities
of what may be accomplished are prac
tically limitless.
The exoeriment was a success. The
difficulties which had been besetting the
Government experts for years had been
overcome. It was demonstrated beyond
all doubt that the system was practical.
Shortly after dayljght yesterday sig
nals were sent from Thiessen and
Hobbs on the Farallones to Observer
Thompson at Point Reyes and other
signals were returned. The apparatus
appeared to be in perfect order. The
receivers at Point Reyes showed plainly
the contact with the electrical waves
sent through the atmosphere from the
station out on the horizon.
McAdie at his office on the tenth floor
erf the Mills building followed the
course of the preliminary tests by tele
phonic instruction from the operator at
Point Reyes. Intense anxiety was felt
lest something should break down at
the last minute and retard the an
nouncement of success in the great un
dertaking. At twenty minutes to 12
o'clock McAdie sent word to Thompson
at Point Reyes to direct Thiessen and
Hobbs at the Farallones to transmit
the first official message over the wire
lees telecraph line.
SENDS GREETINGS TO "CAL.L."
At nine minutes to 12 o'clock the re
ceiver at Point Reyes began to show
disturbances, which gradually became
Intelligible to the operator and were
transmitted over the telephone to Mc-
Adie in the Mills building. The latter
immediately sent the message to The
Call. The first official message over the
Government's first successful wireless
telegraph line follows:
"Farallones, Jan. 3, 1904.
"To The Call:
"Farallones send greetings to Call
by wireless.
(Signed) "THIESSENV
Coneldcrin* the difficulties owing to the nat
ural obstacle? at both stations and in getting
supplies to either place. I wish to report that
while the work did not progress as rapidly as
one could wish, it wa« pushed a« fast as pos
sible. The present Installation is the first one
which w e have attempted to place on a prac
tical basis and this brought out weaknesses In
the detail which required additional study. On
this account it was not possible to accomplish
in every instance Just what was required.
The plan of installation, that in. the best lo
cation of mast instruments and so on', re
quired considerable planning before it was
elt^r Just what wa« the best disposition of ap
paratus would be to secure the most efficient
working. The test of any wireless plant Is to
have It work In every condition of weather to
which the location Is liable and the condition of
« eatner most difficult to overcome is the wind
blowing salt spray on the Insulators. Barring
JL. ? """'"l^nces which may be added to
SrK« 1 I 1 M "»« tIon - J may sa >' that the ™*
ci installation Is practically completed.
Thfessen came to San Francisco from
the Farallones last Friday morning for
the purpose of securing apparatys with
which a decisive test of the working of
the new system might be made. After
a consultation with his superior officer.
Professor McAdie. final preparations
were made. Saturday afternoon Thies
sen returned to his station at the Far
allones on a tug.
He went immediately about repairing
certain defective pieces of the appar
atus and shortly after nightfall every
thing was in readiness for the official
test. It was decided to wait until yes
terday morning before beginning to
transmit messages across the twenty
odd miles of water in order that the
tired workers might have an oppor
tunity to rest.
rwjuiw frequent cleaning. I am now studying
a means of better Insulation, that is. design
ing an tngulttcr which will not break down
when wetted by the rain and which will not
hold a salt spray. ' I am also trying to make
receiver as constant as possible.
The Bignals are as loud as nceopsary and
are received by means of a telephone. It is
not now possible to cali up. but a system may
be arranged by which operators can call one
another up at stated intervals. The Finals
were received without grounding In the water,
but it Is thought that grounding in water lc
best for all kinds of weather and conditions of
the surround ing earth. Steps will be taken to
secure good earth connection in water at both
nation*, i
MAINLAND AND THE FARALLONES
ARE JOINED BY WIRELESS "LINE"
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL", MONDAY, JANUARY 4, 1904.
9
SECRETARY WILSON
AND CHIEF MOORE
ARE GIVEN CREDIT
Th*» bfzffest part of the credit
for tliis achievement belongs to
Willis 3foore, Chief of the
Weather Burcan, and to Secre-
tary Wilson of the Department
of Agriculture. They provided
tlic moans for us. and if we have
done anything it is due to their
•labors In our behalf. Mr. Thlcs-
hon lias worked faithfully and
well. He doerves all the glory
that the experimenters should
have. .The other boys have fur-
nished us much aid. . We have
ambitious plans for improving
oar system and we hope for suc-
cess. The thing is on n practi-
cal working ba^is. The machine
Is running and we must study
to sc* 1 hmv to make it run more
easily*— Professor McAdie.
RENDERS
A REPORT OF WORK
TO HIS SUPERIORS
The details of installation
were completed sufficiently on
December 8 to make teste. Sig-
nals were received that day at
the Point Reyes station. Two
days later complete words were
received at both stations. The
stations are nowr practically
more efficient than we ever had
the Slantee and Ilatteras sta-
tions. The present installation Is
the first one which we have at-,
tempted to place on a practical
basis and this brought out weak-
nesses In the detail " which re-
quired additional study. Barring
a «few conveniences which may
be added to present installation,
I may say that the work of in-
stallation Is practically com-
pleted. — Alfred H. Thiessen.
- ADTTEBTISBMENTS. •
— -~ — ¦ -— - ~ -^ ~-^ — , — ~>.»~~~-~~— ~~ — . ; > . . — . . j.
Insurance Company of New YorK,
RICHARD A. McCURDY, President,
Announces to its hundreds of thousands of policy-holders throughout the world" that
its funds held for their protection have now reached the enormous sum of over
400 Million Dollars
Many millions more than the assets of any other life insurance company in .existence.
This Company has. returned to policy-holders the stupendous sum of over
626 Million Dollars
' Over 190 million more thanahy other life insurance company in the world has disbursed.
This excess over any other company is greater than thecombined capital of the Bank of
England, Bank' of France, and the Imperial Banks of Germany and Russia. {
These unequaled results are the best guarantee of future returns to policy-holders.
STANLEY FORBES, Manager, San Francisco, Cal.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Coughs
Sore Throat
Bronchitis
Positively cured with' Dr. Hal-
pruner's Wonderful Medicine,
or your money returned. Price,
50c. and $1.00 per bottle. For
sale by all dealers and at office
of Halpruner Medical Mfg. Co.,
28 California St., S. F., sent by
mail or express. People cured
free of charge from 1 to A p. m.
_E_f_5_Hr ____¦¦ _sy
BBJERS
Famous the World
Over—FullyJvfaturedJ
ifoftf Everywhere^
HILBEKT MERCANTILE CO..
Pacific Coast Agents.
b-a..»»iu U ini_nuJjiitf. ¦ ' -_
<J visit DR. JORDAN'S qrcat^
<j MUSEUM OF ANATOMY <>
0 ' _P 1051 MA22ET ET - t0 '- fci*7tii, s.r.Cii. h
\ HT T he L— »ett Anatomical Muvrum in the \
V ptTfetrL i Votld - w«— oe*»«i or ir.y f ontr«ettd A
X S§2 HN !?' 5 "? e P«»««"«7 «ri.<l h y the old«t Y
O IS£ 1 ipeuilistcn the Coit:. K«l 36 ye»r». Q
A AW* J OR- JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN 6
k y&jy?&jg Consultation free ind strictly private. \
6 J jB*trf Treatment personally or by Inter. A A
T I jaV Puitit* Curt in ererjr cue undertaken. \
Af I I fit Write for Book. PBII.QNOrilYar A
y 1 II •• D4iiaiAeE, mailed I'reb. ( a ¥
X Q fj^, nluable book for nrn) \
V DB. JOB DAN — CO.. 1051 Mnrlcn St.R. F. ¥
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 EEARXY ST. Established
in 1*54 for the treatment of private
PlNt-ases, lAi-ii Manhood. Debility or
di«*as* xvearlngon body and mind and
Skin DiJiPnses. TheDoctorcureswlien
others fail. Try falm. fhnrgts low.
<:nrr«Knarsiiilrril. Cull or write.
Dr. J. F. OIBDOK, Hau Francisco, Cal. .
m/K'keTS: SPssBrf ¦•
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price • Lists Mallei
on Application.
rEESH AND SALT MEATS. ' V I
IAS RftYF^ * f ft Shipping Butcher*. 104
JA3. DUIEj g WU. Clay. Tel. Main 1294.
OII.S. .
LUBRICATING, OILS: LEONARD & ELLIS.
418 Front. St.. 8. F.' Phone Main 1719.
______________ ,
E. C. QUGBESj 111 Bansome ft. 8. W.
j^JSTTjg__I_NT3.
Ull LUMDIA lEAOISra THEATE2
SECOND AND LAST -WISE—.
CHARLES FROHMAN presents
Clyde Fitch's Comedy of Wit and Sentiment,
The Girl With
The Green Eyes
Special Cast of Favorites— Matinee Saturday.
WEXT SUNDAY NIGHT— One Time Only
Alberta Gallatin
and New York.- cast In Ibsen's
"GHOSTS."
. SEATS NOW READY AT BOX OFFICE.
Next Monday— Mrs'.' LANOTRY In "MRS.
DEERINO'S DIVORCE.
TIVOLIS,
- "OH I BE CABErUIil"
And Do Not Miss the
Magnificent Production of the Holiday Spec-
tacle,
1XION
Or "THE WHEELMAN,"
¦A Mythological Musical Extravaganza in
Three Acts.
See Bothwell Browne's Beautiful Ballets.
MATINEE SATURDAY. •
. -NEXT!
When Johnny Comes Marching Home
USUAL POPULAR PRICES— 25c. 50c and 75c
Proscenium and Mezzanine Box Scats $1-00
¦ — #-< a rv A T\ Belasco & Mayer.
ALCAZAP^-h-,.
TO-NIGHT — THIS WEEK ONIiT.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
The Picturesque Romantic Play of a Cen-
tury Ago.
A^LADY.. f|§§l
{7) p. Burnett
QUALITY iSnscV '
Julia Arthur's Greatest Success.
Evgs., 25c to 75c; Mat. Sat. & Sun., 15c to 50c.
NEXT MON.— Clyde Fitch's Strongest Play,
TH _S? TK II SSLr-
—HE ri_ .ME. ¦ Ill Production.
Market Street, Near Eighth... Phone South. 533
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEKl
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY. .
Magnificent Revival of the King Qf Sensational
Dramas, ¦'
MONTE CRISTO
The Unrivaled Masterpiece of Alexander Dumas
World Famous Play Staged on Stupendous
Scale, with ' SpUndid Scenery and . -
Brilliant Cast.
HERSCHEL MAYALL AS EDMOND DANTES
EUGENIA THAIS LAWTON AS MERCEDES
DDirCC Evenings.. -10c to 50c
FKlWCd Matinees 10c. 15c. 25c
Monday. January 11— THE MOONSHINERS.
BAJ A CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
1 S A GREAT. RESTORATIVE. INVIGORA-
¦ tor and Nervine. .
' The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both aexts.
The . Mexican . Remedies for. Diseases of th«
Kidneys and Bladder. . Sells on Its own merit*
• NABER. ALFS & BRUNE.' Agents.
823 Market St., 8. F.— (Send for Circulars).
. A_CUSEM_NT3.
EVENINGS AT 8:15.
BURTON
HOLMES
MAGNIFICENTLY ILLUSTRATED LECTURES.
COX7SSS A.
YOSEMITE Tues.. Jan. 12
YELLOWSTONE Thurs.. Jan. 14
GRAND CANYON Sat.. Jan. 16
ALASKA I. The Fjords Tues.. Jan. 19
ALASKA II. The Klondike Thurs.. Jan. 21
COTJBSE B.
ET. PETERSBURG Wed.. Jan. 13
MOSCOW Frl.. Jan. 15
SIBERIA Hon.. Jan. 18
PEKING *. Wed.. Jan. 20
SEOUL, Capital of Korea. \ Frl.. Jan. 22
Sale of Connie Tickets, $4, S3 and S3.
. THIS MOBNINO.
AT SHERMA W. CLAY ft CO.'S.
n The Funny Musical Fares. [j
V^-_^-_ ~-
A BIG, NEW SHOW.
Hallen and Fuller; Domltrescu, Van
, A uken and Vannerson; The Sa-
Vans; Charlotte Guyer George;
Deaves' Merry Manikins; Joan Ha-
den's Cycle of Love; The Toblns;
Ernest Hogan and Mattle Wilkes
and Orpheum Motion Pictures.
Reserved Seats. 25c; Balcony, 10c; Box Seats
and Or>era Chairs, 50c.
Racing .'^SB^Raciiiff!
OAKLAND RACE TRACK
NEW- CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
Commencing January 4.
> Racing Each Week Day, Rain or Shine.
Six or More Races Daily.
Races commence at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
For. special trains stopping at the track take
S. P. Ferry.' foot of Market street, at 12.
12:30. 1:00, 1:30 or 2 o'clock. No smokinr In
last two' cars, which are reserved for ladies
and their escorts. . ¦ '
Returning trains leave track at 4:15 and
4:45 and Immediately after th« last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS. President.
PERCY W. TREAT. Secretary.
igSk fl ¦ _ I #fe Ammunition. Hunting and
fl H _.¦_*' fpcrtin* Goods. Largest
U f_ »tock. Lowest prices. Send
111 iSlM a B for catalogue.
_fl fe9 I V %Jf SHREVE &. BARBER CO.,
~»» ~T ¦¦ ¦ ~~ 739 Market «t. and 621
Kearny it '.
• AMUSE M_NT_
MATINEE SATURDAY,
ALX. THIS WEEK . ,
EXCEPT THURSDAY NIGHT. »»«
The Great Laughing Hit.
JOE KELLY
THE PIPE DREAMER.
• In the Big Musical pit-up.
The Head Waiters
NEXT SUNDAY MATINEE.
IN CONVICT STRIPES.
A Thrillinsr Story of Life In South Carolina.
USTJAL. POPULAR PRICES. : . -¦,.:
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE -SPECIAL
THURSDAY EVENING. January 7. 1904, at
8-15. and MONDAY AFTERNOON.
January 11. at 2:15.
Positively Farewell Tour.
ADELINA JLT-_t_. J LI
(THE BARONESS CEDERSTROM.)
Direction "ROBERT GRAU. IncorDorated.
Management MARCUS R. MAYER.
PIGNOR ROMUAL.DO 8APIO. Conductor.
Prices $2. $2 30. $3. $4. $5 and $fl
Beat* Now On Sale at the Bex Offlce.
OI'T OF TOWN MAIL. ORDERS, accom-
panied by money order and addressed to H. H.
CAMPBELL, Treasurer Grand Opera-hous«\
will be filed In the order of their receipt anri
seats assigned as near the desired location u
possible.
STEINWAT PIANO USED.
"Whence comes this happy, joyous crowd?"
Asked the man of bilious hue;
"The answer's easy." said his friend.
•They've Just seen —
"I-O-U"
The record-breaklnjr musical comedy.
Now In Its sixth and last week.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
NEXT MONDAY. '
["The BeautyShop"!
An Incomparable production of a strictly local
burlesque.
Introducing our new principals, HELEX
RUSSELL and JOHN PEACHEY. and our
"All Star" c_t.
THE BRITTONS
And a Great Show Every Afternoon and
Evening in. the Heated Theater.
INTERESTING BABIES IN THE INFANT
INCUBATORS.
See Anita and Her Baby Monkey.
Visit the Mystic Mirror Maze.
Take a Trip Down the Flume.
A__T_U_ WIGHT TUU— SOAT.
Admission, 10c: Children. 5c.
Paiarp don't fail to
i aiawb Bee the bcOTtiha
j COURT Lounging
[ niin room, thi EMPIRE
! auu PARLOR, the
r _ PALM ROOM, the
lin.fl_ LOUIS XVPAR.
H J.,s1~ DI -S* WRITING
I Hotels /RQQM-
, WEEKLY CALL, $1.00 FSB YSAB,PAIUS. Jan.' 3.'— The' Vrinvesa Mathijde. *t o
<!M »Tetet4ar. will bt buried at the tenjeterv
t St. Gr&uea
There is; no ,ear,thly hope for- the
man who is color-blind if he, is unable
to tell a greenback when he sees it
bert : Schmidt beat Sidney Salisbury. 6-3. «-'|.
6-4. : Third cla«a— A. Beyfusa beat H. Lon*.
S-6,^fi-3, 2-0. <b-3. : Fourth class — D. Grant beat
V\*. ",6-0. '6-3:> A. "Ames beat. Dr.
Loveicrove, ¦ 6-2, " 6-1; : Grant beat - Ames, 6-3,
6-2," 6-1 .... . - ' •-•-:-
Sixth race— One and an eighth miles: 4-year
olds and up: Felling:. - . . . ..
6«ill Position' (IXirfee) '•...¦.%. .-. * " \<H
'Rogarle - (Chappelle) . ... . . .-. • .'.'/. ; .' | n;
R447. Harry Beck (Lynch & Co.).'...... i(u
6C99 »Frank VVooOs ' (Garden City Stable).: M
K»M Lacy : Crawford (Schreiber) .*.:.. iofj
_ R.*>8."» Col .Anderson (Fitzgerald). ........ ..101
5513 'Nigrette - (Jenhlnt» -&-Co.). :..."....: 02
6392 Sudden <McXames) ..;. ',. iax
(5«4)Marelio, (Qulnlan) . . i, ....%..!; " ; l04
6508 Velma Clark (MeAlester) :;.. "lQ4
PEOBABLE WIKNEES.
Tint race— Plaaet. Plyer, Bell Seed.
Secoad race— Prlac» Brutus, Henry
Hch, Stcrma.
Third race — Tom Slavtn. Billy Moore
rcurth race— Our Bessie, Incuiator,
aif 7 Green.
Fifth race^-Coloael Vaa, Mocorlto,
tiur-cn.
Sixth race— sV r e-te, rctitica. Bo
larie. • \
TACOMA. Jan. 3.— A dispatch from
Valdes says that George McPherson
and "two other men, whose names are
unknown, were lost at sea ten days ago
off Kayak while attempting to reach
that port in a heavy storm. A tremend
ous Bale off shore blew them out to sea
as they were crossing. Prince "William
Sound' in a small 'steam -launch. , Mc-
Pherson was ah old-timer In the Cop
per River region.
Steam Launch Is Blown Out to Sea
f ; While Passing Across Prince
¦ " Williams' Sound.
THREE MEN ARE LOST
DURING A HEAVY STORM
ROME. Jan. C— The report circulated
in the United States that a meeting of
the American hierarchy of th?. Catholic
Church would be held in Washington
January* 31 for the purpose of discuss
ing the project of creating a primate in
the United States, probably c.rijjinated
from the rumors that the Pope was
r-onsidcring the congestion of work at
the Vatican, especially or such work as
comes under the direction of the con
gregation of the propaganda, and that
he desired to put into execution some
form of decentralization of this work.
The Vatican authorities disclaim that
&:iy such plan has been introduced by
Poce Plus X for the purpose of dcal
tag with the congestion of work. •
Pope's Dlscuisfeion of the Work at
tlte Vatican Probably Started
the Rumor.
tlEPORT ABOUT PRIMATE
IN AMERICA DENIED
Jerry O'Shea's fast young greyhound,
Bob R, took premier honorsin the open
stake yesterday at- Ingleside Coursing
Park by default. Texas Betty, C. E.
Lyons' recent* addition to 'the field of.
running^ dogs, was withdrawn 'because
of hard coursing in previous rounds.
The hares were about as swift a. lot
as has ever been liberated at the park,
and set such a pace that their-pur
suers were run to a standstill. Relief
dogs were sent out often,* and In many
cases the hares beat them to the es
capes. '-
Comique ran a good course in the
secend round and retired Una, a 2 to 5
favorite. The dogs went more than the
limit, and the winner was withdrawn,
from the stake. . • . .
Sofala was also a victim to the speed
of the Jacks, and was withdrawn in the
semi-final after a. hard day's work. ?
Following are the results with Judge
Thomas Tierney's official scores:
Open stake: Second round —^Barefoot Boy
beat Golden Light, 14-5; Hob R beat : Toronto,
7-2; Jerry Wright b,eat. Frisky Barbara, 4-3;
Monbells a by*; Jimmy .Anthony beat 'Texas
Jim. ; Mnid of Merry' beat Lest Girl. 12-7;
Little Mercy bsat Our Mlr.nle.' 5-0; Donnybrook
beat Lady Menlo. 6-2; Battleship .beat' Oulda.
5-4; Concord Boy beat Doris. 20-2; Ploughman
beat Idaho Boy, 11-S; Royal Friend beat'Bon
nie Hugbie, lu-4; Conroy beat GlauQUs, 19-14;
Sofala.beat Lord Granard, 15-8; Queen's Motto
beat Meddlrome, 21-6; Texas Betty beat Miss
Wilson. 11-1; Lulu Girl beat White Stockings,
0-3: Irvington Tralee beat Intruder, 6-0; Golden
Rule beat Van Alba, 10-4; General Dewet'beat
llella Lloyd, 6-U; Doc Burns. beat Pure Pearl,
10-4; Young Fearless beat Joe Pasha, 2-0; Co
mique beat Una, 19-9; J E H' beat Prome
theui«, 3-1.
Third round — Bob R beat Barefoot Boy. 17-3;'
Fannie Hughle beit Jerry Wright. 7-5; Jimmy
Anthony a bye: Donnybrook beat Little Mercy,
7-6; Concord Boy. a bye: Ploughman beat Royal
Friend. 6-0: Sofala beat. Conroy. 13-9: 'Texan
Betty beat Queen'* Motto. 16-3; Lulu Girl beat
Irvln&ton Tralee, 11-0; Golden Rule beat Bella
Lloyd. «-3; Doc Burns beat Comique. 11-7;
Younir Fearless beat J EH. v 7-4. •' ¦
Fourth round— Bob R beat Fannie Hughi*
R-4; Donnybrook beat Jlmmle Anthony, 18-3:
Ploughman beat Concord -Boy, 10-6; Bofala beat
Golden Rule. 4-2; Lulu Girl .-beat Young Fear
less. 14-10; Texas Betty beat Doc Burns, 17-14
Fifth round— Bob R beat Donnybrook, 10-8*
Sofala beat Ploughman, 35-4; Texas Betty beat
Lulu Girl. 17-14. • • -> , f - r
Sixth rpuhd— Bob ,R a b>"e; Tezaa Betty a
bye. . ' . . ' ¦-;: .. ...
Deciding course— Bob R won ' by ; default
Texas Betty withdrawn. .' *
Jerry O'Shea's Fast Young
Greyhound Takes Open Stake
Honors From Texas Betty
• Fourth round— lone Hill a .bye/'Fenll with
drawn; Silver Cloud -beat Richard 'Anton. 10-7;
Renegade -Apache beat Lily -Wright. 16-4.
- Fifth round and deciding course— Silver Cloud
«-ltlidrawn; T lone Hill' beat -Renegade. Apache,
7-5. " ¦•' ' ' . ¦/. ,.-¦. •, : .' ..; - . ¦ .- , ¦ ¦¦-¦-.
An opefr stake ,r;'ll r form the i card for
next 'Saturday and Sunday./ :
- Third round— Fenil beat Roman Athlete. 6-4*;
lone. HU1. beat '.-Tojsaa. Hoo ;Hoo.,- 17-4: Silver
Cloud beat Laughing Water, -7-6; "Richard An
ton beat Gilmore Girl, -8-3; Renegade Apache
beat" Reta* S, 8-3; Lily Wright beat Liberator,
9-7. J •", ' - ¦-;•. ¦--¦¦ '-- ¦¦'<¦ ,'¦¦•¦ ¦• j-'J. ; *> .:. ¦ ..
Open Stake— Vandal beat Celtic. 14-7; Fenlt
beat Gold Chain, 7-2; Red Rock, a bye, Had
dlngton> withdrawn: Roman Athlete 'beat: High
Born, 11-6; lone Hill beat .Crawford :BelW 6-5;
Texa* Gill beat Maid of the Glen. 10-6: Texas
Hoo Hoo beat Emin Bey. 12-«: Sea.. Lion beat
Kittleman. 6-3; Laughing Water beat Ad
vance Guard. 28-5; Advertiser a"by*. Pepper
Jack withdrawn: Henrietta beat Clobefell. n-4:
Silver Cloud beat Old Ironsides. 5-4; Gilmore
Girl beat Fain Gleno. 16-6: • Wedgewood beat
Jingle. Bells. 8-."5; Pepper Hill --bear -Beacon.
1U2; .Richard Anton beat Cubanola. 10-3; Free
From" Flaw beat Rocker Arm.-9-6: Reta S
beat Agitator. 4-0: - Renegade .. Apache beat
Trolley Boy.' fi-O^ Snapper Garrison-. beat Ruby
Sankey, 7-3: Lily -Wright a bye. .Racing Auto
withdrawn; Sempronlus beat Niobe. 12-3; Little
SlsterAeatMountain Poet,- 15-7; .Liberator beat
'Money Musk,; 7-4.. ¦ • ' ' • : '¦' ' .'¦*¦ .•-<";""'
i Secend round— Fenii beat Vandal. .11-6; Ro
man .Athlete beat Red Rock, • 7-3:.' lone Hill
beat. Texas Gill: 14-1:: Texas » Hoo - Hoo beat
Sea ; Lion. ,-»-8: Laughing, Water -beat -Adver
tiser. 9-8: Silver Cloud -b«at ¦ Henrietta. 4-3:
Gilmore Girl .beaf-TVedgewopd.'^ 10^-5: Richard
Anton beat Pepper" Hill, 8-6;'Reta beat Free
From Flaw, 7-0; '^Renegade Apache^ beat Snap
pertlarrison,' 7-5: Lily Wright* beat Sempronl-
Uf,, 5-4;: Liberator a .bye,' Little; Sister with
drawn.-.'. . ; . - , ,: ' •.:;',.'; : .c ' ¦ /., .¦ - - -
The seyere running, to which the grey
hounds were subjected .resulted In many
being withdrawn. The semi-final round
in. each, stake.. was.,pmltted.. because of
the withdrawals. ; ; • ;
The results in r detail ; with P. J.
Reilly's offlclarscores follow:^ '•*.
. Inaugural Champkn' Stake— Haphazard beat
John Heenan. 10-4; ,Keal Article beat Honest
¦John;-' 11-4: -Northern Express beat Gambttr9-7;
Full Moon beat McVey. fl-5; Rector beat Aman
dan. 8-4; Mount Rob* beat Fair?Trade, 15-3;
Viking beat MI Amicd. 6-4. <
Second round— Haphazard a bye,'- Real Ar
ticle withdrawn: Northern Express a: bye. Full
Moon withdrawn; Rector beat Mount Roee,
S-4: Viklne ft bye'.. . r 1 . . -"
.Third round and 'decldinsr course-r-Haphaz
,ard and Vlklnsr withdrawn; Northern Express
beat Rector. 13-5. ¦• . ".'
.Blake and = Smith's Montana grey
hound Northern Express, one. of the
fastest in America owned outside of
California,. won the inauguralchampion,
stake yesterday; at Union .Coursing
Park. For an opponent he had Rector,
the pride of G. Lacy . Crawford's St.
Louis kennel, and' winner of the John
Grace cup.> , ¦ «..,..,
Rector > was - installed . as . a 1 to 2
choice. .He" justified the confidence of
his backers^ by'leading' to 'the hare by
several lengths. This was the best he
could *db,' as' the hare took the'two f as t
hounds a long chase. Northern Ex
press, with the advantage, of youth on
his Fide, outstayed Rectors. After the
latter led up Express took.; possession
and scored several points. Rector was
in ' again and served the hare; for sev
eral turns.' Express then .finished up
strongly, the final " score . being 13 to 5
inhis favor. /¦ • ... M
Renegade Apache, the. 1 *to 3 choice
for the, open' stake, was beaten by lone
Hill l by a score of 7 to 5 af ter*the former
led to the hare. ..; . ; ; , v : ' , r>
The tennis players were busily en
gaged yesterday In tournament play.
On the California Club courts the class
singles tournament, which was unfin
ished on Friday, was completed. On the
park courts a handicap doubles was
started. Ot the twenty-nine. teams en
tered but six are left. ..- '. ~ ¦ :
The winners on the California/Club
courts were Herbert Schmidt , of the
second class, Alexander Bcyfuss^ of the
third and Douglass Grant of the fourth.
Drummond MacGavin won the. first
class on Friday. .. ¦ v.-
The surprise of the tournament was
Herbert Schmidt, winner of the second
class. He has played but twice in this
class, but went through it[ withl5ut. los
ing a get. In the finals'he^met.and de
feated Sidney Salisbury in straight
sets. Salisbury was p.layjng a : good
game,. but he. was no match. for his op
ponent, who "had considerable in re
serve. The score was 6 — 3, 6— 4, 6—4.
Beyfuss created surprissby winning
the third class so handily. Herbert
Long, his opponent in the.". finals, has
been practicing every day." and 'many
thought he would win. Beyfuss has
played 1 but little of late,' but "played
better yesterday than ever before.- .The
score was S— 6, 6—3, 2— 6? fc-3. ' .
• In the fourth 'class Douglass Grant
won ,as.-he pleased. He met Alden
Ames in the finals and the outcome was
never in doubt. .;'.'. ;. ',
Better progress than usual was made
at the park owing to the ..poor; handi
capping. . The;matches. wefenearly -all
shorthand one-sided.% and consequently
.more Vere played than usual. .Will;Al
len and J. D. MacGavin, ; the '; most
heavily handicapped team.' ,werc. beaten
in their first-match by- Bates and Fin
negan. handicap was ;much too
large. In the upper -half Brabant and
Palmer reached the semi-finals and will
meet the winners of the match between
the Hotchkiss brothers and Code and
Ambrose. Finch and Mann reached the
semi-finals in the lower half.- Thejr,vfill
play the winners of the match between
Bates and'Finnegan and.Drolla . and
Gabriel. ' A^A: ¦
Following is the tournament by
rounds:
, Preliminary round — Gaynws and LyttOn (S-fi}
brat T. Allen and Miller (15 2-O..6-1.- 6-1 : Cal
ton and Heilborn 15 2-K) beat t-'aul and Bur
rough (OO). 6-A. 6-4; Brabaut and Palmer (3-6)
beat Howell brothers (15 2-6). C-.1. 6-3 :* Martin
and Wollenbergr (30) beat F. Adams and Brady
(15). 6-3, 4-6. 6-2: Ambrose and Code beat
Long brothers by default: Hotchkiss brothers
CJ-B) beat Guerln and Hall (13). $-l..C-3: Foley
and Griffln (scratch) b«at Ryan 'and' Skaggs
(15 2-6). C-3. C-3: G. Hall, and Price (15 2-«)
beat McLane.and Wolffson (15 4-6). 6-3. 1-6.
7-5; Bates and Finnogan (5-6) beat Allen and
MacGavin (owe 15 2-«>. 6-2. 0-3; Baker and
Lewis (15 1-6) beat Edwards and Jcseph
(15 4-6). 4-6, 0-3. 6-4; ; Dunlap. and- Gardner
! (scratch) beat Quick and Skinner; (30).' 6-2. S-i;
j -First round — Gayness • and Lytton beat Mc-
Farland brothers <15 2-6), 6-4.' »5-2;' Brabant
and Palmerbeat Cotton and Heilborn. 6-0, 6-4;
Ambrose and Code beat Martin; and -Wollen.
berg,-7-5^ 0-4; Hotchklea- brothers beat Foley
and Griffln. fl<-4, 6-1 ; Bates and Finnegah beat
Hall and" Price. 6-0, * 6-1; Drolla and Gabriel
beat Baker' and l^wls,' ..6-1, 6-1: Dunlap .and
Gardner beat. James and Russell "' (scratch);
3-8. «-4. fi-3: Finch and Mann (1-0) beat' Bur
nett and Lovegrove (15 4-«). 7-5. t}-4.»* .• • . ,
...Third round — Brabant and Palmer beat Gay
ness and Lytton. 4-6.' 6-4; 6-3:-Plnch'and Mann'
beat Dunlap and Gardner. 4-6. 9-7. .6-3. .
California Club matches: Second "class— Her-
BOB R SCORES
AT INGLEStDE
The Crack Northern Express
Outstays and ' Outgames the
¦ Pride 'of* Crawford Kennel
Glass Singles Tournament is
Completed and Many Park
Matches Are Contested
Racing will be resumed at the Oak
land track to-day with a two-year-old
scramble as the principal fixture of
the card. Thirteen baby racers are
down to face the barrier, and from
what the dockers report, there are
some very smart ones among the
bunch.
Hilderbrand. who is now in the em
ploy of Joe Yeagcr, will be seen in the
saddle to-day,* which will be a source
of much gratification to race-goers.
The little fellow is displaying fine
form in the saddle and has a strong
tallowing:.
Among the week's other choice of
ferings, the Follansbee handicap with
a gross valuation of more than 5*000,
will be decided on Saturday. The
distance is seven furlongs, and among
the prominent candidates are Shot
Gun, Kennilworth, Honiton, Rock
away, Fossil, Iridius, Martinmas, The
Fog, F. E. Shaw, Peter J, Beau Or
monde, Schwalbe, Futurita, Falcon
bridge, Stuyve and Ahumada. ,'
Entries to the stakes of the Brighton
Beach Racing Association, Coney
Island Jockey Club and the Brooklyn
Jockey Club close to-day. Blanks may
be obtained at the Oakland track.
ENTRIES pOTi TO-DAY.
Flrs=t race— Five and a half furlonys; 3-year
r.ldF and up: KCltlng:
(5-KG>Bard Burns ( Fountain) 120
.VCS ShuI of Tars-us <\VaJz) .' Hftl
54.*i2 "J^ustiS (Schreiber) 8»
•ViIMJ •Florincl II <Hoac> 112
&5S* 'Hustle Girl (Fitzgerald) 10:;
M!.*» Abydos (P. Ryan) SB
5572 Captivate (Hildreth) 115
Flyer <T. H.- Ryan) US)
S5S2 Marrca ( Dolan) ids
CiOM 'Goddess of Night (Parks).... 114
T..-.72 Planet (Twaites & Parker) 01
4»i4S Boll Read iStanfield) Kit)
Mrjj L'lctma < P.obb) l<Xi
Second race — Three furlongs ; purse; 2-year
olds : ¦*¦-..
Henry Ach (D. Sthrelbcr) '. 112
Balgo wan -Ursula.
Paddy Lynch <W. L.: fctanfleJd).. ... 112
• . Piccolo-Leora.
Salable (B'.aMngame Brr.s.) .1C9
Ham Lucap-Sally Sensible.
Edith Vice (Bianthi & McGovern) 103
I'icaro-Lavina C.
Prince Brutus <L». Cameron) 112
. Brutus- Princess.
Saccharate <Napa Stcrk Farm) ;..103
Brutue— tfaccharissa. .
M. A. Powell <M. J.m.M.. ...112
Faverdale-Burgonet.
George P. Mc.Vear (H. Stover) ..112
• Torso-Clara Wilson.
Pegry ONeil <K. A. Smith) 109
Kirs William-Cleodora.
B*n Eric <A. T. Uobson). n->
r>. . .. Ktn% Krlt '- lv y Benjamin.
Pirelia (Mr*. V. E. Miller) i<m
i'~2* t P!rale of P«"z«nc*-Amella.
Liberty Star «H. E. Rowetl)..' i 03
fctar Ruby-Released. -.-"¦*'" "
Stcrma (Burn* & Uaterliouse) ino
Colonel .Wheeler-Sonlmls. "•••¦
bpT h «'r!lin l K l - Ce ~ SeVen furlons:s ' : <-year-old« anj 1
W10 •Nullah (McKenzie) ....... m
60tS The Htewardcjj. (Winter & Op ) 07
.... Road Agent (Ryan) \ ' ini
KJ13 El Pilar (Haekell) '' iJy,
•>.V.7 Billy Moore (Uector) "" no
*T.r*> Owar Tolle . i Klunder) " ' ' 1 0"
.<i::t Torn siavm (Clifford) 10^
.V.10 'Marl in (Render t Co.) '07
W10 Hlonda (Hughes) , .;'/, 33
Fourth race— One and a sixteenth mllce- 4.
yfar-olds and up: pure*:' ¦ *
(5&:;.)>Our Bf-rsie (Newman) tOI
S.VJI Incubator (Van Meter) lofl
6.Vt7 Wllow Tail (Hackett). ..*.....¦. ;tu
.'•Sfil leader <Jennlncs'& Co.l. .. :. ,..:....ion
J\007 Dalfy Green (Follaopbee)...... ....... 101
Fifth race— Seven furlong!*; 4-year-olds and
vp; t-clllnv: '
6T.O4 •Albemarle (Tierr.ey) ...... .....00
f.VMl Illowaho (Stover* \ ;.¦ • no
T.SO.I Kilty Kelly HHazifieidi ............ .hnr,
r»45l Mrcorito iWfllmnr.i „' : .:;.- \<y>
SOIO Aunt Polly iGrarfort & Co.). l(r*
(•mSOLouIs Waen«r (McAllister & Co.).....l0S
5*07 Col Van iFountala).... 111
MONTANA HOUND
BEATS RECTOR
RACKETS SWING
ON THE COURTS
239: A. E. Woods, 107. 118. 225; W. Guild.
145. 154. 299. 1 - • " '»>
Deutscher Krieger Verein, monthly medal
and bullseye shoot: Medal shoot — First cham
pion class. C. Weatgenman. 390; chatnpton class,
J. Bender. 365: flirst class. X. Sllberzahn, 33S;
second class, not filled:; third class. H. Hen
nlnger, ' 325; fourth class. C. Hartman. 297;
first best shot, X. Sllberzahn. 25; last best shot.
X. Silberrahn. 23; most' centers. O. Dammer.
Bullseye shoot — First prize.' O. Dammer: secend
prize. J. Bender: third prize, X. Sllberzahn:
fourth" prize. C. • Weggenman.
Oakland- Turner Sehuetzen monthly medal
shoot, 200 yards— F.~ Mante 348," H. Wlnd
mueller 385. H. W. Kllenenbrolch 327. A. Land-
Krat 323. Henry Krackf. 228. Paul Uth 226. Otto
Melnecke 202. Henry 1 Loeffler 30?. Henry Wick-
Ing 181. Henry Feldmann 170. Adolph Schloe
ter"335. F. Krcus 195. Charles Relmers 7i>.
Best bullseye— Herman Windmuelter 2.'i'4. Hen
ry Krucke 61.' A. Landgraf 145. Otto Welnecke
230«i/H. LoeMer 2S0, F. Kruez 229. F. Mante
135 Vi. A. • Schluet<»r 872.. Ferdinand Mante,
flrst-class medal: Henry Loeffler, second class.
Independent- Rifles, monthly rifl« shoot —
Captain H. Schllchtmann 51. H. Reinhardt 41.
F. • Shohay , 4O. - George : : Kellenberger 37. J. HV
Kuhlke 59. Corporal H. Marzolt 36. K. "Wlch
rowskt -43. ¦ WV B. Cook 48. Lieutenant H. Gaet
jen 40. P. .Peterson 60. Captain L. Schneider
42. C. Herrinj 31, C. Schilling 23, L. Mayer 43.
Second Class— Dr. L. V. Frales. 136, 129. 265:
E.'Neihaus. 82. 100. 191: H. Bortfeld. 158. 150,
308: O. Poulsen, 118. 83." 203: D. Guild. 114.
54 1C8; J. Lojrue, 123, 135. 258: H. Kofod. 115,
121 '236;' W. L. Paulson, 174. ,149,
r.23: C. Paulson. , 144. 63. 206; F. O.
/Scfrullerts. 110, 25. 135;. A. Ramm. 117. 132.
!,S41»; R. Mitchell. 76. 122. 18$: Paul Ramm. W,
' 136, 230; F.- M. Burr. 101, 115, 210: H.Woober.
I 116 150. 275; George Glueck. 106. 151, 260: Ed
Lorenwn. 150. 117. 287; H. Lanr. 120. 11».
First Class— I*. Slebe Jr.. 178. 146, 324: I*
Murphy. 17t. 155. S2fl; A. Gay. 149. 154. 303;
•N J. Nlelson. 133. 184, 317; P. Paulson, 155.
14S. 303; Dr. B. Roche. 150. 127, 27T; Captain
G Larson 14«. 115. 263; E. J. Farley. 147.
141. 28S; Al Thompson, 183. 132, 315: M. Lyt-
Jen. 171. 130. 301; J. Rlngen. 1*4. 149. 203: A.
Xii-haue. 12«, 134, 260; \V. Greaves, 129, 125,
254. . ,
Shell Mound Pistol and Rifle Club, monthly
medal . shoot, third , class: Fifty-yard range,
rifle — g. Althausen. 311; G. Skinner. 257;
C. Thlela. 34; B. Schullerts. 2K: J. Becker.
209; A. Krause. -JS5; H. Vogrl. 315; J. Guten
berger. "t>0; G. Schmlel. l<fc; F. Stolte. 'MU;
F. Klrkalder. 202; A. Hartman. 303: W.
Greschbach, 253; I* Delavergne. 21S; R. C.
Holmqulst. 401; A. Schullerts. 2S3: F. Kraus,
256; O. Grandt. 310; J. Kenney. 290; A. Rause.
186: A. Llebscher. 383; T. Neuwlrth. 334; H.
Hellwegen. SiO: first best shot. F. Krause.
25: last best shot, B.- i-chullerts. 24. * ¦
First champion class, 200 yards — H. Huber,
2C«5. 2C5. 411.
Second champion cla«: A. M. Paulson, first
best shot, 24; D. L. Hopkins, last best shot,
23. -W. A. Llebe. 104. 154. 258; H. W.'Klelnen
brolch. 133, 16«. 29»: I). Hopkins. ttO. 1H1.
r,01- H. P. Nelson. 191. 197. :t»8; J. Cobby.
142. .16tf, SOS; F. Mante. I8O .171, S01; A. M.
Paulson. ISO, 176. 356; \V. W". Thompson. 177.
l«0. 337; H. tVlndmulJer. 191. 2CS. 390; H.
Skinner, 114. 125, 233; E. Wlxson. 159. 168.
327: R.- S. Wlxson, ICtf, 206. 372; C Otten. 155.
137. 342.
Members of four organizations pep
pered the targets yesterday at Shell
Mound Park. Some good scores were
made. The following clubs took part:
Shell Mound Pistol and Rifle Club. Oak
land Turner Schuetsen, Section.
Deutcher . Krieger Verein and Inde
pendent Rifles. The scores follow:
Members of Four Well-Known Organ
izations Face 'the Targets.
SHOOTING AT SHELL MOUXD.
Smart Youngsters Will Start
in First TVo-Year-Old Event
of the Season at Oakland
Boundary Question Settled.
LIMA, Peru, Jan. S.— At a secret ses
sion of Congress last night the treaty
of arbitration for the settlement of the
boundary dispute between Peru and
Bolivia was approved.
PICKWICK TEAM PROVES
XO MATCH FOR THISTLES
fc*nr-spangled Scotch Association
Football Eleven Wins Victory
In first Cup Match.
. The first match in the opening
round for the Canifornia Association
Football Union cup was played yes
terday on the Presidio Athletic
grounds in this city and resulted in
an overwhelming victory for the This
tles, who scored 11 goals, their oppo
nents, the Fick wicks, making 1 goal.
The ball was kicked off shortly after
11 o'clock In the morning the referee
being II. Roberts and the linesmen C.
W. Irish and T. Fay.
" The Thistle's defended the north
goal, and although they kept the Pick
w'ck goal constantly in danger, were
not able to score for some time. Rush
ton making some excellent saves.
Smith put the ball through first for
the Thistles and soon afterward Tay
lor .made a goal with a kick, which
carried the ball in front of the posts
and dropped it into a corner of thi
tjvt. From a corner kick secured by
the Thistles "Watters of the Pickwicks
butted the ball into his own goal. The
first r>eriod ended thus: Thistles 3
goals. Pickwicks 0.
After the change of ends the This
tles scored goals in rapid succession
till the score stood Thistles 10. Pick
wicks 0. Though the Pickwicks made
many determined rushes the combi
nation work and excellent passing of
the Thistles were too strong for them.
A!l they managed to secure was one
coal. Before play ended the Thistles
lidded another point, the score at the
whistle reading Thistles M, Pick
wicks I. The losers did their best,
but were clearly overmatched. The
teams were made up of the following
i")iayers:
Thistles — Lowe, Ticrney, Forrest,
McGregor, Taylor. Duncan, R. Disher,
F. IMsher. T. S. Lydon, A. Disher. J.
fcmith.
Pickwick* — Bowcock. Bouton, Con
way. Furber. James, Todd, Murdock,
Kh4»<*<lnn. Cowan. Watters. Robertson.
BABY RACERS
ON THE TRACK
EXCITING INCIDENTS IN THE DECIDING FOOTBALL GAME OF A
. SERIES BETWEEN. THE BROOKLYNS AND LA UNIONS, PLAYED
YESTERDAY ON THE PRESIDIO ATHLETIC GROUNDS. . '.,,
La Union Cub. Tositicns. Brooklyn Club.
Pani Harper R.E.L, Lehman
W. O. Harper R.T.L Beckeart
L. C. Smith R.G.L. Herllhy
V. J. Canaltzo Center .....Sam -Riga
George Thompson.. L..G.R J. Sullivan
A. C. Veen L..T.R Jeffries
"Chic" O'Connor.. L..E.R Hlllard
Tom O"NelIl Q.B Jchn Regan
Collls Dennis L..H.R Stewart
13. Weber R.H.L. Zlska
Swayne Fullback. .; ..Otto Wallflsh
Umpire— George Clarke of Stanford Univer
sity; referee. C. M. Fickert of Stanford.
A lively game of football was played
yesterday afternoon at the Presidio
athletic grounds when the Brooklyns
defeated the La ' Union elevun bf the
Amateur Athletic League by a score
of 5 to 0. This is the third time thi
teams have met during th? present
season, the first game -being won by
La Unions and the second resulting in
a tie.
The game was exciting from start to
finish, but the Brooklyns were the
heavier men and La Unions were
unable to overcome the handicap ot
superior weight. La Union kicked off
and Brooklyn scored 5 points in the
first half by straight line bucking. Zis
ka did some splendid playing, taking
the ball through the left tackles. from
the five- yard line.
In the second half Brooklyn played a
bucking game. , La Unions, held the
ball during the greater portion of the
half. The Brooklyns clearly had the
advantage, but neither side was able
to score during the half. \The game
was an Interesting one, and all the clev
er plays were applauded.
Following Is the line-up of the two
teams:
The season of 1904 vrill b« split in
half after the plan adopted by the old
National League a few years ago.
This means there will be two separate
seasons of four months each. The
team that leads during the first half
of the season and the team which has
the best of the second half. are to
meet in a post-season of nine games
for the championship.
These nine games will be divided
between San Francisco and Los An
geles, no matter which two teams
may figure in the result of the series.
Should one club lead at the end of
each division of the season that club
will be awarded the pennant without
going through the formality of play
ing a post-season series.
A committee composed of Messrs.
Morley. Harris and Bert was appoint
ed to confer with James Hart, presi
dent of the Chicago National League
team: Ban Johnson, president of the
American League, and Edward Han-
Ion, manager of the Brooklyn National
League team, when they arrive in this
city to have a talk with the Coast
League magnates regarding the coast
organization entering the National
agreement.
All players who Jumped the Coast
League last season will be blacklisted
forever. This decision is final and
the magnates will not waver. Ac
cording to this decision Hulselman,
Hollingsworth and Lawler. who have
already signed with Portland, and
Walters, who has been secured by
Seattle, will not be allowed to play
ball here.
Messrs. Harris, Morley and Cohen
were appointed a committee on sched
ule. It was decided that Seattle
should open the season at Sara Fran
cisco, 'Oakland at Los Angeles and
Portland at Fresno with the Tacoma
team. Tacoma will play the first five
and the last five weeks of the season
at Fresno. The magnates have suc
ceeded In getting backing at that town
and it will be a sort of half home
burg for Mike Fisher and his Tacoma
stars.
The price of admission will remain
at 25 cents. Some of the magnates
were in favor of raising the tariff, but
it was finally decided to stick to the
old rate. There will be no salary
limit. An application for admission
from Spokane was received and tern*
porarily laid on the table. It Is pos
sible Spokane may become a member
of the league if another good city can
be secured.^
All the 'teams in the league last
year with the exception of Sacramerito
were fined $300 each for allowing"
their players to leave the field during
the progress of a game. The mag
nates decided to meet again this morn
ing at 11 o'clock. It is possible that
to-day's session will be- the final one..
'The reservatidn clause of 1902 waa
adopted. This means that all play
ers who were signed by any club of.
the league during the season of 1902
and including the season .of 1903 are
still under contract to the club which
signed tl\em and will have to be re
leased by the club before they can
sign with another city in this league.
The 'second day's session of th©
magnates who control the Paclfio
Coast Baseball Leagrue resulted In tha
transaction of much important busi
ness. Including: the appointment of a
committee to meet the Eastern League
representatives regarding the affilia
tion with the other leagues of the
country, appointing a schedule com
mittee, naming: the length of the com
ing season and ruling against all play
ers who Jumped the league last year.
TVh?n the second period was more
than half ovrr and it seemed likely
to be a draw match with no peal on
cither fid* th«> Albion Hovers scored a
point. 7h* Hornets playr-d fiercely to
equal \Z" the score, but were unable to
make a coal. For the wirners Brad
lry.- Duquesne and Cl-'jrchill. in addi
ticn to those already named, did ex
cellent work. The s^.me throughout
¦? as one cf th? most evenly fought of
the season and excited much enthu
siasm en the part of the spectators.
The match was cne of the regular
series for th<* championship of the Cal
ifornia Association Footbill League,
having b^en p-istponed from an earlier
date. Thf teams lined up in the fol
lowing order:
Oekland H.>rn»U. Positions. Albion Rovers-.
V. illisrrton <Joalkper'*f Hcsford
< or.n >1)> l^ft back John
Hurdon..- Right back Glllchrest
Ri"i \.+U half biCK Jone»
Cip-mbfrf «>nt»r half back. Lancaster
Pmtth Right half back. ...Bayne
>.\~nnr.ifr «>m*|.> left Bradley
Oatebester Inside left Duquesne
V. *," "" Center forward . . Mattlieson
M<-K«-nzie ;-.••¦ ir rirht CTiurchill
Enbar.k Outsid- tight Goodlet
In th« secend half th» Albion Rovers
secured on* pea!, this being the only
point made by either team. The ball
¦was kicked off about 3 o'clock, J. Cas
fdn b?ing the rr-fcrc#\
During the first half the Albion Rov
ers had a little the best of the play,
but <ou!d not put th^ ball between the
posts, Onnolly and Burden dcing ex
cellent ftnrk as ba^ks. After the change
c.f ends :h<? Hornets pre^£?d th? Albion
Rovers h?rd. but John end GUlchrcst
Tverr steady and sure and Hot-ford
n-adf- EOtne good saves. For the Hor
nets Chambrrs at c?ntcr half back,
with Alexander. Hhand and MoKenzie
in th^ forward line, worked like Tro
janp but could not get the ball into the
net.
At Idora Park, Oakland, yesterday
afternoon the Oakland Hornets and
Albion Rovers played a fast and inter
esting pame ot association football, the
teams being so well matched that dur
ing the first pericd neither was able to
sror*.
Pistol annex, California Schuetzen Club:
Champion class — J. Kullmann. 91: M. K.
Blasse. S4. *2; John I>.- Itschtgr. S4. 81; W. F.
Blasse, 82: L.. '.J. Reubold. 7". 75. First class
— Max Kolander. 7«. 74: T. J. Carroll. 71. €9;
J. C. Waller. 52. 43; Joseph Straub. 60. 29.
. Eintracht Schuetzen Section, monthly medal
shoot — Champion class. F. A. Kuhls 425: first
class. Joseph Rohrer. 335; second class. F. Eg-
K*Hn* 323: third class. F. Voght. 23S: first
bsst shot. F. A. Kuhls. 24; last best shot. C.
von Hartwig. 25. - - - '¦¦' «
California Schuetzen Club", monthly medal
competition— Charles Sagehorn. 152. ISfi; A.
Steuder. 1W>. 204: George Ahr«ns. ISO. 1?S; C
Ztmmermann. 168. 168; William Nolden. 12rt.
168: J C. Waller. 1»1. 199: F. Rlede. I7t>; F.
C. Hagerup. ISO. 113: Emll Woennp, 191: C.
von Hartwig. 15.1. l<iO; T. H. Bremer (cadet).
104 106: J. L.. UtschlK. 1ST. 208: Louis Rink.
142; A. Rahwyter, 191*. 184; Max Kolander. 2<»>.
194; A. von Wyl. 1S8; Adam Brehm. 152: Jos
eph Straub. 152. 177; L. C. Babin 1*S. 196; U
J. Reubold. 225. 214; George Tammeyer. 233.
211; William EhrenpfortT US. 116: W. F.
Blasse. 20'J. 222; H. Remensperger (cadet). 1(W.
FA: T. J. Carroll. 1!*9. IPO; M. F. Blasse, 216,
209; F. J. Povey. 153. 178: A. Junttblut. 1S6:
M. F. Hartter. 207. 213; William McCracken.
151. 114; A. Gehret. 21S; A. Utsehiij. 178. 101:
Charles Sonninusen. 121; H. Scheunert 1"*«. 119;
Fred L*vers«. 12S, 145: W. Levinston. 100; M.
Rsubold. 169, 150; A. Strecker, 224. 223: O. A.
Bremer 215, 226; F. A. Kuhls 210: «.*. Kruse.
113. 13:5. Medal winners: First champion class
— Otto Bremer. 226. A. Strecker 224; second
champion class — M. F. Blasse 216, George Tam
meyer 215; first class — W. F. Blasse 222. Max
Kolander 20O; eecond class— I* J. Reubold 225.
M. F. Hartter 213; third class— H. Scheunert
ISC. Charles Sagehorn ISft: fourth class — George
Ahrens 18S." F. J. Povey 176; cadet class —
Frank Bremer. 196. K. RemenxperKer 103.
There were a goodly number of
marksmen at Schuetzen Park yester
day to take part In the Initial contests
of the year. Otto Bremer led the cham
pions with 226 rings in his ten-shot
string. Louis J. Reubold was far ahead
of all competitors in the second class,
with tbe fine score of 225 to his credit.
In the second champion class M. F.
Blasse was high, with 216. The highest
score in the first class was made by W.
F. Blasse. Vith 222: H. Scheunert and
Charles Sagehorn were tie In the third
class, with 186. and George Ahrens,
with 138, won fourth class honors. J.
Kullman was top man at the pistol
target, with ninety-one rings.
In the Eintracht Club Captain F. A.
Kuhls made the good score of 425 rings
4n the medal competition.
L. J. Reubold and T. J. Carroll were
the recipients of gold medals for pro
posing the most members in the Cali
fornia Schuetzen Club during the past
year. The medals were presented by
Phllo Jacoby. Following are the scores
of the different contestants:
The gbntlemen who were injured at
the drag hunt on Saturday are making
satisfactory progress toward recovery.
Duval witnessed the polo game yester
day and Lawson. it is said, a ill be out
again in a few days. ,
Lawrence McCrcery and Cyril Tobin
exchanged places during the, second pe
riod and Walter McCreery and Charlie
Dun:>hy during the third. E. E. Ezra
relieved Howard in the fomrb, while
Howard relieved .Walter McCreery in
the sixth. H. K. Simpkin3 officiated as
umpire. ,
No better game has been played this
season r.or has any been so largely at
tended. It was exciting from start to
finish and sensational plays were nu
merous. It was Cyril Tobin's first game
this season and at the beginning he
struck wildly, but soon settled down to
steady ¦work and scored three goals for
the Reds' team. Driscoll lead with toxir
goals, while Howard also rose superior
to his average and scored thr^e.
The other goal was made by Walter
McCreery. who played for th» Iir9t time
since his injury. R. M. Tobln and Law
rence McCreery each scored two for the
Whites and F. J. CaroVan one. There
were six periods of ten minutes each.
Owing to the injuries in the hunting
field to John Lawson and C. Raoul
'D'jva!. members of a team In the New-
Year's polo tournament at Uurlingame,
the second game scheduled for yester
day was postponed. It was replaced by
a special match contested by all the
available players w ith frequent changes
of colors. T^ie Tteds were victorious by
a score of 11 to 3. Fo!lov»in5 were the
sides at the opening of the same:
Reds— Charles Dunphy. E. W; How
ard, T. A. Drtscoll and Lawrence Me-
Creery.
Whites— F. J. Carolan. R. M. Tobin,
Walter McOrerry and Cyril Tobln.
Game Is One of the Fastest
PIa;od This Season for the
-. Championship of the League
Competition Is Keen in All
the Classes and Good Scores
Are Made in the Majority
Committee Appointed to Con
fer With Big League Men
Regarding Terms of Peace
ONLY ONE GOAL IS SCORED
RIFLE RANGES ARE'FILLED
BLACKLIST IS IX FORCE
Albio- Association Football
Team Wius Keenly Contested
Match bv a Narrow Margin
To Equalize the Teams Members
Are Changed Repeatedly, but
the Score Is Very One-Sided
PLUCKY REDS ARE VICTORS
Owinc: to Injuries Received
in the Hunting Field Lawson
and Duval Are Absentees
Leads All of the California
Schuetzen Club Champions
in Season's Initial v Shoot
Contest Brings Out the Expected Spirited Football Battle and Is Wit
nessed by a Large and; Enthusiastic'" Attendance of Spectators-,
Who Cheer . Heartily^the Clever Plays on the Presidio Field
Basebjill Campaign Will Last
Ei£ht Months, With Post-Sea
son Series for Championship
ROVERS DEFEAT
HORNET ELEVEN
POLO PLAYERS:
IN FAST GAME
BREMER STARTS
IN GOOD FORM
COMING SEASON
TO BE DIVIDED
BROOKLYNS DEFEAT LA UNION ELEVEN
IN THEIR THIRD GRIDIRON STRUGGLE
RACING, FOOTBALL, POLO, TENNIS, COURSING AND MIDWINTER PASTIMES
THE 'SAN FRANCISCO' CALL', "MONDAY. JANUARY 4, 1904.
10
ADVERTISEMENTS.
GOOD '' KOD/\K.
PICTURES
Are my specialty. I Print and De-
velop them at prices lower than any-
one else. I lead in Kodak Develop-
ing and Printing. My work is hlsh-
class in all respects.
Here are some figures:
Developing}
Roll of six iqq
of twelve jja^
Printing:
Solio finish .^ a >- c
Vclox tinish ; ,^q o q c
Orders by mall promptly filled.
THAT MAN PITTS
F. W. PITTS. .
1008 MARKET ST.. Above Powell
SAN FRANCISCO.
Telephone John 371
=N. S. HAND=:
the , ."Sletropolitan : BOO3IS 1, a aaS 3 "
Horsp : Owners" and ..« «»«-„,.. *
•Interstate" Turf As- ||3 STOCK JON ST
locutions ot New. ."""""' lJ '»i
Yo I k - £sa 7:»aeisj», C*i;- 'OMAHA, Neb.. Jan. 3.— The trial of
United States Senator Dietrich, under
Indictment on three different counts
for the alleged violation of section
1781 of the Revised Statutes, will be
gin here to-morrow in the Federal
Court.
Dietrich's Trial Begins To-Day.
Hill's putative daughter is assisting
Sherman and opposing Salem Charles,
the New England claimant. It Is as
serted that Hill was a member of the
Driggs gang of counterfeiters, which
operated a number of years and finally
was brought to book in Dayton, Ohio.
The hearing is set for January 9 at
Los Angeles. Mr. and Mrs. Sherman
are pioneers of this county, and their
son, M. E. Sherman, Is secretary of the
Des Moines Drug Company.
Sherman claims that Hill was his
brother, who fled from their home in
Cayuga County, New York, because he
was wanted by detectives for counter
feiting. He declares that Hill's real
name was L». D. Sherman, and says
that his brother on the eve of his flight
said that he was going to change his
name to Charles Hill. . •
LAKE CITY. Iowa, Jan. 3.— Mr. and
Mrs. Moses Sherman and their son-in
law and daughter, Mr. and Mrs. W. R.
Smith, left this morning for Los An
geles, Cal., to prosecute Sherman's
claim to the $150,000 estate left by
Charles Hill.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Asserts That Supposed Miser
Was in Reality Member of
Notorious Counterfeiter Gang
TELLS STORY OF FLIGHT
Aged Resident of Iowa Declares
the Los Angeles Capitalist
Was His .Fugitive Brother
NEW CLAIMANT
TO HILL ESTATE
S TOR M - SO AR R E DO LI YE B A NK R E LEAS ED;
FROM QUARANTINE AND SEEKS REPAIRS
Vessel That Fought Her Way From Far Lands Through Leaping
Seas to the Shelter of the 'Golden Gate Writes Final Chapter
of Her Tale of Hardship—Steamer Coptic Arrives Safely in Port
Coptic Arrives in Port.
The Occidental and Oriental Steamship Com
pany's steamer Coptic, from the Orient, arrived
In oort late last nlffht and went at once to
quarantine. She will ro to her dock early
this morning. She was 25 days, 10 hours from
I lone Kong; 15 days, 20 hours from Yokohama.
and 5 days, 19 hours and 43 minutes from
constructed bv a company, headed by
Captain John Cross of Los Angeles, be
tween Napa and Vallejo. with steamer
connections at the latter point with this
city.
The following are quoted on the reinsurance
list: Paris, 238 days from. Hamburg; to Hono
lulu. 75 per cent; L«och Bredan, 124 days from
Adelaide to Port Natal.; 70 per cent.
The Overdue List.
Will Sail Wednesday.
The Oceanic Steamship Companj's pteamer
Maripoea will sail for Tahiti on Wednesday.
TACOMA. Jan. 3.— Because she was
mistaken for a wild animal Mrs. John
Breed lies painfully injured at her. home
in Edmonds. Her ankle is badly shat
tered and her leg may have to be am
putated. Two young hunters claim
they mistook Mrs. Breed for a wildcat
and emptied their revolvers in her di
rection. - •
Hunters Fire on a Woman.
Alameda Due on Tuesday.
The' Oceanic Steamship Company's steamer
Alameda Is due to arrive frohx ' Honolulu on
Tuesday.
Charles M. Lowry was knocked down by Mc-
Allister *treet car 276 at the Ferrr building
yesterday and suffered a dislocation of- his right
shoulder. -He- was -taken to the -Harbor Emer
gency hospital and later to his home.
His Shoulder Dislocated.
The fowl had come from. somewhere
in the foothills back of Los Gatos.
Those who have seen the gold believe
that if the home of the turkey can
be located a rich placer may be found.
A search will be made for- the source
of the turkey's gold supply and the
name of its former owner. It is not
improbable that gold mining may be
ndded to the resources of Santa Clara
County.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 3. — Mrs. Charles
Holt, residing on Bishop street in this
city, had a turkey for New Year's that
proved a veritable gold mine. When
preparing the bird for the dinner she
saw some shining particles that re
sembled gold and on closer inspection
her Judgment proved correct. A nug
get as big as a pea was found and
there were a dozen other pieces of
gold. The turkey "panned" about
$1 50 in yellow metal.
Special Diepetch to The Call
The distance of the connecting line
hetween the two stations is about
twelve miles, and it will be a means
of shortening the present route for car-
J.vjns- fruit and other products by the
Southern Pacific from the rich valley
t<rrritory lying between Calistoga and
•rolnts contiguous to that town and
Napa Junction. At present freight from
that section of the State Is shipped to
this city by way of Napa Junction and
Suisun. a circuitous route which ne
ccssIUtes transportation over two fer
ries before it finally reaches its destina
tion. By running the Southern Pacific
<ars over the Proposed new branch to
¦T^e line of tne California Northwestern
.rt ShellvilJe and thence to Tiburon
«.'insiderable time will be saved. Part
of the plan is to establish a steamer
frHght service between Tiburon and
-.lite city in order to facilitate the
rrompt shipments of freight via this
:".°w route.
contemplated connection of the
\wa lines !s regarded as a move on the
r-art of the Harriman syndicate to an-
Tidpate the competition that is threat
«Ti.ed bv the electric road, soon to be
to make a connection between their
roads by running a line from Xapa
function on the larger road to Shell
ville, a small station on the Sonoma
:-ranch of the California Northwestern,
i fpw miles below the town erf Sonoma.
A co-operative scheme for making the
,-Urvey and Fecurins the rights of way
¦:as already been effected, and it is re
r«5rted that thr- pradine and the laying
Of rails will be started in a few weeks.
The California Northwestern Railroad
and the Southern Pacific are planning
Efforts Are to Be Made to Dis
cover the Whereabouts of
the Bird's Precious Barnyard
Route Is Ready for Grading
. and Construction AVork Is
to Begin Within Few Weeks
SEARCH FOR PLACER 3IINE
Th<s British ship Olivebank, Captain
Henderson commander, after her ma\iy
vicissitudes will at last be able to dock
this morning at Union street wharf.
Her voyage from Shanghai was beset
¦with disaster from the very start.
Storms and head winds set in from the
first day out. On November. 9 she en
countered a typhoon while in latitude
36 degTees 2 minutes north and longi
tude 154 degrees 24 minutes east,' which
tore away her main mizzen mast. The
succession of terrific gales- which fol
lowed practically dismantled her.
Storm after storm followed .which re
sulted in the loss of main, fore and
mizzen masts which in the great. gale
were swept over .the starboard side,,
indenting several .' of her plates' and
smashing her bulwarks. ;
The captain had a hard time to
bring her to. port and in the condition
in which she. was in,- It was 'almost a
wonder that she ever arrived here. .A
careful estimate will place the damage
at about $35,000. "- - . . . '. .,.•.-
Since her arrival here she has been
in quarantine, where she was disin
fected. " :
San Jose Woman Discovers
Yellow Metal in a Turkey
Bought for Xew Year's Feast
FEARS KLECTRIC RIVAL
Harriman Is to Connect His
Calisto<ra Line With the So
noma Branch of Foster Boad
PLANS CUT-OFF
IN NAPA VALLEY
FOWL CONTAINS
BITS OF COLD
Movements of Steamers.
Honolulu. She brought eighteen cabin pas
sengers, sixty-seven' In the* steerage and 22C0
tona of carvo. ¦ ' - .. ' ••
NAVY COLLIER SATURM. WHICH ARRIVED HERE SOME DATS AGO
' DEEPLY LADEN WITH COAL AND IS ANCHORED IN STREAM
AWAITING ORDERS.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
CAPE HENRY.. , Va:. Jan. 3. —^The
submarine "boat , Moccasin, previously
reported ashore at Currietuck Beach,
N". C, is now afloat.
3Ioccasin Atloat Asaln.
ARRIVED. .' - --j_ ¦¦„¦"•..
• Sunday. January X> :
Stmr Iaqua. Jorgenien. 61 houra from Grays
Harbor, bound for San put in to land
passengers. 7 - • .
Stmr Brunswick, Ellefsen. , 14 hours - from
Fort, Bragg. -. v> ...
Stmr Pomona, Swanson. .18 hours . from
Eureka. - ¦
Stmr Del Norte, Greeny 32 hours from Cres
cent City.
Stmr Rival. McClements, . 73 hours from
WUlapa. . ;, : . - ¦¦¦,¦¦,
Stmr Gualala. ' Hansen. 13 hours ; fronv"Fo'rt
Arena. - .' ' ': .-¦¦¦•¦ ¦ ¦. :...-• ¦ , ¦
. Stmr Maggie. Corning, ' 3 hours from . Half
moon Bay. ¦ ,
Br stmr -Wellington. McKellar 3>4 days
from Ladyemlth. » •
Br stmr Coptic. Beadnell, 25 days 19 hours
56 minutes from Hongkong, via Yokohama 15
days 20 hours 21 minutes and Honolulu 5 daya
10 hours 43 minutes. -- "
Latfc Shipping: •Intelligence.
BUTTE, Mont., Jan. 3.— It" was an
nounced to-night from the Amalga
mated Copper headquarters that all of
the r various mines and smelters con
trolled by the big combine would close
Tuesday,, permitting 9000 miners and
smeltermen. to attend the funeral of
Samuel bison and Fred Divel, who
were killed in the underground battle
by dynamite, it Is alleged, in the hands
of Heinze miners, while the " latter
were making efforts to prevent the
Amalgamated miners determining
how much ore Hetnze Is alleged .to
have stolen from the Michael Devitt
mine. The Montana State Band will
head the- ' funeral procession, ¦ while
throughout the funeral cortege three
other bands will, be-dlspersed. : - ¦
Many Honors Are Shown at Kites
Over Men Who Were'Killed
- -. by : Dynamite.
i EliABOR ATE . CEREJIOXY
. :, AT MIXERS' FUXERAL
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 23*
minutes later than at Fort. Point; the height
of tide is the same at both places. '.
MONDAY, JANUARY 4. ' ' -
Bun rises > ..." .7:25
Sun sets ....0:04
Moon rises ..0:51 p.m.
O Time Tlmel ITlmej . Time
£ —^- Ft. 1 Ft. I 1 Ft. Ft.
? H W Ljyi |H_W| ¦___ L W . -
4 0:C5 3 4.9 "5:37 llT.18 6.0 ~cTai
5 1:38 0:20 2.7 12:32 ft.8 7:17— 0.7
6 2:21 5.1 7:27 2.6 1:30 5.3 8:t>»—0.3
7 «:05 5.3 8:32 2.4 2:32 4.8 S:50 0..T
8 3:53 5.4 9!45 • 2.2 3:42 4.3 0:42 0.9
9 4:40 5.6 10:58 1.0 5:0O| 4.0 10:42 ' 1.'5
NOTE^ — In the above exposition of the tldea
tho early , morning tides are given In the. left
hand column' and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence aj to tlmg; the
fourth time column glv«s the ; l»st. tide of tho
day. except when there are but thre« tides, as
sometimes occurs , The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United. States
Coast Survey charts. .except when a." minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is- subtracted from the depth given- by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters. - ¦¦...._.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., ' Jan. 3.— St.
Catkerine's Academy, a Catholic
school for girls, located near Spring
field, Ky., burned to the ground early
to-day.- There were no fatalities. The
loss. is about $200,000. The fire. was
discovered by Miss May Curry, a crip
ple, and one of the sisters ran a mile
in" her bare- feet and clad only in a
night dress to give the alarm.
v Bet\veen seventy-five and one hun
dred girls were In the school when the
fire broke out. So rapid was the pro
gress of the flame's that the pupils
barely 4 escaped with their lives, and,
cla"d only ¦ in their night robes, made
their way over the icy and snow-cov
ered fields to the academy at St. Rose,
a boys' school, a mile distant, before
securing shelter. All the buildings
were 'destroyed and the pupils lost all
their personal belongings.
% St.' Catherine's was one of the his
toric educational institutions of Ken
tucky and was founded in 1804.
Fire Breaks Out In St. Catherine's
Academy and Students Have
. < Narrow -Escape.
TO ARRIVE..
Steamer. From/." | Due.
Portland ! Seattle ...'.„> Jan. 4.
.S. Barbara. . . I San Pedro . : | Jan. 4
Rival../. .....WUlapa Harbor |Jan. 4
Montara.. Tacoma |Jan. 4
Iaqua Grays Harbor I Jan. 4
Wellington... Comox Jan. 4
Del None.... Crescent City Jan. -i
Coptic: China & Japan Jan. 4
Pomona Humboldt Jan. 4
R. Dollar San Pedro Jan. 4
G. Liridauer.. Grays Harbor IJan. 4
State of Cal.. San Diego * Way Pts. Jan. 4
Pomo Pt. Arena & Albion. .. Jan. 5
Bonlta Newport & Way Ports. Jan. 5
Alameda Honolulu Jan. 0
Columbia Portland A Astoria Jan. 5
Elizabeth Coqullle River Jan. 6
Spokane Humboldt Jan. 6
Arcata j Coos Bay & Pt. Orford.lJan. «
M. Dollar "i Fan Pedro ........ .IJan. 7
Chehalls San Pedro ..,...|Jan. 7
Eureka ! Humbcldt ..: iJan. 7
Santa Rosa.. "J San Diego &. Way Pts. j Jan. 7
Point Arena.. Mendocino & In. ArenalJan. 7
Queen Puget Sound Ports jJan. 7
San Juan New York via Panama. JJan. S
Coos Bay..... Pan Pedro &. Wax PortsiJan. 9
North Fork.. . Hnmboldt .?. -t . . .. • . T- Jan.. 9
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria.,:. [Jan. 10
Serbia Seattle .|Jan. 10
Centennial.... Seattle & Taooma. . . . . .|Jan. 10
Sonoma Sydney & Way Ports... j Jan. 11
Ne"vadan Honolulu & Kahulul. .. Jan. 11
Rainier Seattle & Whatcom... : I Jan. 11
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. Jan. 12
Colon New York via Panama! Jan. 13
City Puebla... Puget Sound Ports. . ...jjan. 13
' "to~sai"u
. Steamer. Destination. SailsJ Pier.
January 4. . <* . .
Coronado... Grays Harbor 4 pmlPier 10
; Samoa Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 2
Lakme Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 20
Empire Coos Bay direct... 12 m Pier 13
Arctic Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
North Fork Humboldt 12 m Pier 20
R. Dollar.. Seattle & Tacoma. 4 pm Pier 20
Chico Coqullle River 4 pm Pier 1
Eureka Humboldt '.'. . . . 12 in Pier 13
Ojos Bay... San Pedro & Way. !> am Pier 11
S. Barbara. Seattle & Olympla. 4 pmlPler II
January 5. ' I ¦ '
Pomona.... Humboldt , ,|l:30 p|Pier 9
January 6. II
Rival WUlapa Harbor .. 4 pm! Pier 20
Mariposa... Tahiti direct 11 am|Pler 7
Umatilla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 3
January 7. (¦ • -
Pomo Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pm Pier ?.
Chehalls... Grays Harbor Pier, —
State Cal..* San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Siberia..... China & Japan 1 pmjPl^r Ah
Curacao.... Mexican Ports 10 amlpier 11
J. Dollar. .. Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm|PI;r 20
January 8. i ¦
Corona Humbcldt . 1:30 p PIt '3
Bot-lta..... Newport & Way.. 9 am Pier II
Cnluu.bia.. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
January 9.
Arcata . Coon B-Pt. Orford. 10 am Pier 13
Pt. Arena.. T*t. Arena & Mdcno 4 pm Pier* 2
Ellrafceth.. Coqullle River 11 am Pier 24
Peiu N. Y. via Panama.|12 m [Pier 40
Alameda. . . Honolulu | 2 pm|Pler 7
January 11. I
Queen Pujtet Sound Ports.lll amlPier 9
January 14. j ...
Centennial. Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 amjPler 20
Alliance... Eureka & Coos B.. B pm|PIer Itt
Rainier Seattle & Whatcom 4 pmjPler 10
FROM SEATTLE. ¦ • ? •
Steamer. For. Sails.
Valencia Kkagway & .Way Ports. Jan. 8
Dolphin Skagway & Way Port,"". Jan. 0
Bertha Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Jan. 10
Al-Kl Bkagway & Way Ports. Jan. .10
Santa Ana... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts.jjan. 18
SAILED. ¦
¦ • • Sunday, January 3.
Nor stmr Titania, Egenes. Nanalmo.
fittrir Maggie. Corning. Halfmoon Bay.
• -Stmr Santa Roea. Alexander San Diego.
Stmr George W. Elder, Kandall, Astoria.
Stmr Coronado Petersen. Grays Harbor.
Stmr North Fork. Nelson. Bureka>
Stmr Iaqua. Jorgensen. San Pedro. .
Stmr Lakmc, Gunder3on. San Pedro.
Bark Olympic. Evans. Honolulu.- s • ¦ /
. Schr Ida A, Beck. Point Reyes. .
Schr Newark, Relnertsen. Bowens Landing-.
Schr Viking. Estvold. Astoria.
Schr Bessie K. Merrlam San Vicente Land
ing. —
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Jan. 3. 10 p. m.— Weather
clear, wind NW. ¦ ¦ • . •
ISLAND PORT.
HONOLULU— Arrived Jan 3— .Schr Charles
R. Wilson, from Grays Harbor; schr Aloha,
hence Dec 21. - - . .
DOMESTIC PORTS.
COOS BAY— Arrived Jan 3— Stmr Alliance,
from Eureka; stmr Signal, hence Dec 31; sunr
Czarina, hence Jan 1.
Sailed Jan 3— Schrs Repeat and Jennie
Wand, for San Francisco
Sailed Jan 2— Stmr Pleiades for
Hongkong.
: .£HP E1 i A :r Arrlved ' Jan 3— Stinrs. Spokane
arid .San Pedro, hence Jaa 2
_Saifed Jan 3 — Schr Mary E. Russ "for San
.*"^S?= " chr Lottie Carson, for San Diego.
TATOOSH— Passed Jan 3— Stmrs Rainier
and Centennial, hence Dec 31 for Seattle
V PORT LOS ANGELES — Arrived Jan 8 —
Stmr Leelanaw, hence Jan I.
UMPQUA— Arrived Dec 31— Schrs Lucy I.
and Louise. . from San -Pedro
ASTORIA— Sailed Jan 3— Stmr Columbia,
for San Francisco; stmr Rosecrans, for Alca
traz Landing and Honolulu
SAX PEDRO— Arrived Jan 3— Bktn J L.
Eviston. from Redondo; bktn Addenda from
Columbia River; stmr Bonlta hence Deb 31
Sailed Jan 3— Stmr Bcnita, . for San Fran
he J^ESjrPORT— Arrived Jan 3— Stmr Fulton,
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Jan 3— Stmr National
City, for San Francisco
CASPAR— Sailed Jan' 3— Stmr Samoa for
San Pedro. *
FOREIGN PORTS
QUEENSTOWN — Sailed Jan 3 _ Stmr
Lmbria. from Liverpool for New York
NEW YORK — Arrived Jan 3 — Stmr Call
fornian. from Seattle; atmr St. Louis from
Southampton. •
Sailed Jan 3— Stmr Philadelphia for Plv
mouth and ..Southampton; stmr Etruria for
Queenstown and Liverpool; stmr Bleuchef for
Plymouth and Hamburg. All sailed Jan °
but were detained in harbor on account of
CATHOLIC SCHOOL FOR
. GIRLS IS DESTROYED
Brig. W. G. Irwin. Hansen, 10 daya from
Roche Harbor.
Brig Geneva, Me Vicar. 16 days from Had
loctc. via Clallam 13 days.
Schr Andy Mahoney, Anderson, 10 days from
Astoria.
Schr Mary . C. Campbell,' 9 hours from
Bodega.
tHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,' MONDAY, JANUARY -1, 1901
11
RATLWAY TBAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Trslna leave and are due loarrlreat
SAN FJlANCldCO.
<M»Ib Line. Foot uf Market Street )
tm« — F»om DtctMBiiitf. 1903. — ahiti'
7.00a. VucaTllle. Winters. Kum»ey 7.SSr
7.00* Benlela, SaUon. Elmlra and Sacra-
mento 7-25p
7.30a Vallejo, Napa. CalUtoga. Santa
Rott, Martlnex, San Ramos 625r
7.30a Klles. Llrermore, Tracy, Lsthrop.
Stockton 7.25*
8-00 a Shafta Express— (Via Darts).
Wllllamt (for Bartlett Spring*).
Willows. tFruto. Hed BloO.
Portland. Tacoma. Seattle 7.65p
> 00* Oaris. Woodland. Knijthu Landing,
MaryiTiiic. Orortiic 7.55r
8.30a Port Cotta. Martinez. Aatloch.
Byroa. Tracy. Stockton. Sew-
maa. Los llano*, itendota,
Armoaa. Haaford. Vlsalla,
Porteryllle 4.25»
8 £0 a Port C»*«w Martlaez. Tracy, Lttn-
rep. Modesto, Merced. Fresno,
Ootnea Janctlon. Ban ford,
Vltailv Bskertneld 4-55r
8-30a Kllet, San Jote. Llrermore. Stock-
> - ' ton. (tMillon). loaf. 8»cr»rnento,
Placerrtll«. Marytrllle, Calco,
Red Bluff 4-25r
8.30a Oakdale. Chinese, Jameatowa. So-
nora. Taolnmae and Angels 425p
9 00a Atlantic Rxprest—Oedeaa«4Ba«t. 11.25*
8.30a Richmond, Martlae* ¦ and Way
Stations .' 6 55p
1040a The Orerland Limited — Ofdea.
DenTer. Omaha, Chlcaca 8 25r
1000a Vallejo- 1225r
10.00a Los Angeles Passenger — Port
Costa. Martlnex, Bjroo. Tracy.
Lathrop. Stockton. Merced,
Itaymond. Fresno. Uoshen Junc-
tion. Hnnford, Lemoore, Vtsalla.
Bakersfleld. Lm Anireles .-. 7-25^
1200m Haywsrd. Nlles and Way Stations. 3.2Sp
tVOO* Sacrmnento Ulver 8teamers tii.OOr
i.30r Benlela, Winters. Sacramento,
- Woodland. Knights Landing,
Marysrllle, Ororiile and way
stations 1u55a
JJOr nayward. Ntles and War Stations.. 7.65r
330P fort Costa, Martinez. Byron,
Tracy, L^throp. Modesto,
Merced, Fresno aad Way Sta-
tions beyond Port Coati 12 25P
3-30r JUrilnei. Tracy. Stocktoa. Lodl... 10.254
4.00r Msrtlnez.Snn lUnjon. ValleJo.N'aps,
Callttoica, Sant^ilosa ,. 9 25*
4 OOp Klles. Tracr. Stocktoa. Lodl 425p
4.30r Hay want. Nlles. IrvInKtoa. Saa I t3.55*
.lose. Llrermore | tli.SS*
6 OOr The Owl Limited— Newman, Los
Bsnos. Mcndota. Fresno, Tulare.
BakersOeld. Los Angeles.
Golden State Limited Sleeper,
Oakland to Los Angeles, for Cfcl-
cago, Tti C. R. I. * P 8 55*
6. OOr PwrlCotw. Tracy. Stockton 12 25p
tS30p Hayward. Kllet and Ban Jose 725 a
COOp Hayward. Hl!«s and San Jose 9.55a
6 00r Eastern Express — Otcien. Denver,
Omaha, St. Lonla. Chicago and
Kast. Port Costa, Benlela, 8ul-
•un, Elmlra, Darls, Sacramento.
Iiocklln. Auburn, Colfax,
. Tmckee. Boca, He no. Wads-
worth, Wlnnemncca 525p
6. 00p Vallejo. dally, except Sunday » ,»,
700r Vallejo. 8unday only f '•»•'.
7 .00p hlchmond. t»an Pablo. Port Costa.
Martinet and Way Stations 11.25a
IX5p Oregoa A California Kzprets— Sac-
rameato, Marrsrllle, ReddlOK.
Portland, Puget Sound and Estt. I.S8&
9.10p Hsywanl, Kile* and Saa Jose (Snn-
dayenly) 11.6B*
COAST LINE (Jtarro- Uaags).
(Foot of M»rket Street.) __
8.15a Metritrk, Oenterrllle. San Jots.
Feltnn, Boalaer Creek, Santa
Crux and Way Stations 6-8o>
t2-15r Kewtrlc, Centerrtlle, San Jose.
New Almaden. L«» Gnto«.Fe!ton.
Bontder Creek. Bsnta Cms and
Principal Way Stations t ICE'S*
4.16r Hewark. SanJote, LoaOatos and J t8.65*
way station* 1:10 55*
OS 30f Hunters Train, Saturday only. Sun
Jose and Waf Stattoas. Return-
ing from Los Gatiis STindty only. t7 "5p
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From b AN Kl'.AN CISCO. Foot o( Market SU (SllpO
— n:13 *:00 11:00 a.>. 1.00 3.00 515 f.m.
From OAKLAND. Foot •( Broadway — t«:00 i3:<%
18:03 10:00 a.m. 12 00 200 4-00 T.x.
COJKST LINE (llroad «a W ).
pr (third and Townsend 3tr«eu.)
6.10a Saa Joteand Xt ay Station* 6.30*
7 00 a San Jose and W»y Stations 539p
800a New Almaden (Taei., Frld.. only). 4.10r
t 00a The Coaster — Stop* only Sao Jane.
Ullroy i&onnectlon - for TIollU-
- ter). Pajaro. -Castrortilo (con-
nection to and from Monterey
and PactOc Qrore), SaHnaa, Baft
Ardo, Paso P.oblci. Bsnta Jiar-
s/arlta. San Luis Obltpo, principal
stations thence 8arf (connection
. far Lompoc). principal stations
. thence 6anta B*rb*ra.San Baen»-
r en tnrm. Saatras. Lo* Angeles... 10-4S'
¦• t.COA 6*'n Join. Tres Plant. Capitols,
SanuCruz.PacIflcOroTe.Saltnaa.
' San LnU Oblipo tad Principal
Way SUttons 4.10>
10.30a San Joie and War Stations 1.20r
11.30a Santa Clara. San Jose. Los Gatos j
and Way Station* ". 7.30r :
1-30P San Jo*e and War Station* » 46* '
a.tOr Del Monte Kxpres*— Santa C!»r»,
Ban Jo*e. Del Monte. Monterey.
Pacific Grare (connects at flanta
CUra for Santa Crux, BoaUler
t'rerk aad Narrow Gauge Points)
at Ullroy for Holltster. Tres
Plaos. at Caatrortile for Salinas. 1215p
3-30p Tres PInos Way Passenger 10 4i*
4 30p Pan Joae and Way Station* '3 00 a
15 00'- Sun Jose. (tIk banta Clara) Lot
Uato*. and Pr !nctj»«l Way at»-
1 ttons (except Runilay) ?900*
t£-30r SanJotesBdPrlnclpalWayStatlons |9.40>
8-tOr Sunset Limited.— Kedsrood. San T
Jose,Ollroy,SaUna*,Paso Uoblea,
. . y San Lais oliUpo. Santa Barbara.
Lo« Angeles. Demlnft. Kl Paso.
»w Orleans. Hew York. Coa-
.. ,' necu at P«J«ro for Saata'Crns
and at Cattrorllle. for Pacific
Orore aaC Way station* 7.19a
tS-UP EanMateo,nere*ford.Uelm«nl.8aii
Carlo*. RfdwooA. Fair Oak*,
Menlo Park. Palo Alto..... TS43i
I ?0r Ssn Jnse and Way (JUtlon* 6 38*
8-OCp Pa'o Alto and Way Sutlont ... 10.15a
11.30<" o«u!hs»DKrsnct?co. MIIH«ne. Bur-
linsume. 5u 5t»tro, Belmont. . '.
Skb Carlo*. Redwood. Fnlr Oali*.
Menlo l'art. »nd r*lo Allo 9.4SP
•11.30? Mayflel"!, Monntaln View. Snany-
rale. Lawrence. 8anta Clara and
Sin Jo»o. t>.45l
A lor Morn i a r- 1* for Afternoon.
.¦ 1 Sunday excepted. ' t Snaday only.
o Suturdd? ouly. ¦'»'"<•• -'•
¦ » Stop* at all ttatloat «a Snnday. :
' t*~O«lr trait* •u>iTinc at Valencia St. toathnoam
»r-s:10 a.m., 7:IWa.m., 11:30 a.m., 5:aOr.M^«:2Or.M.aai {
liWrJfe •
AUCTION SALES
CLOSING OUT SALE
65 SHIREHORSES
Beloniring to the estate of J. HENDERSOtf
(deceased). Rlley. Or. These ftne home* ar»
between 4 an<l 8 years old. weigh from. 1400 ta \
1S0O. and are all broken single asd double.
Sale takes place
WEDNESDAY EVENINO. JANUARY 6. 1904,
(At 7:30 Sharp.)
OCCIDENTAL irOKSE EXCHANGE.
249 THIRD ST.. NEAR FOLSOM.
Horses at salesyard January .4. .•..-,
Catalogues ready.
WM. G. LATNQ. Auctioneer.
AUCTION SALE.
£* £* &*
On MONDAY. January 4 at 11 o'clock, at
£13 and et7 ELLIS ST.. between Hyde and
Larkln. By order of the Hon. E. E. Schmtta.
Mayor, tv* will sell a lot of condemned Fir*
) Department Ilorsea. We will also rail a lot
j of well broken hors?s and mares, suitable for
; all purposes, consigned to us fey L. C. Rees*
of Merced.
S. WATKIN3 & CO.. Auctioneers.
"Quickest—The Highest Amount,"
Is what it means when you list your business
with nie. as I have advertising spare by th*
month which costs you nothing UNLESS I
MAKE A SALE, and if by auction you pay
me a per cent and I defray all other ex-
penses. Come and talk It over.
Anderson, the Auctioneer/
ROOM 28. PHELA.V BUILDING.
Tel. Main 1952. Correspondence Solicited.
*v_. AT'CnON SALE at ARCADE HORSB
>*n MARKET. 327 SIXTH ST.. WEDNES-
DAY, January «. at -11 a. m.
40 HEAD OF ALL-PVRPOSE I HORSES.
Every home nuM he as represented or money
refunded. JOHN J. WYLE. Auctioneer.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
~_ _ •
I CALIFORNIA
LIMITED TO CHICAGO
LEAVES DAILY
at O:3O a. m., thronjb. In 3 flays,
i with diner and all trapping*.
Other Santa. V Tratas:
7:30 a. m. ] for Stockton. Fresno. Bakersfleld.
V 2X a " m "-l Merced. Hanford and Vlsalia.
8:00 p. m. J
4 :00 p. m. for Stockton.
S:00p. m. for Kansas City. Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
TICKET OrriCE — 641 UUrkat St.. an A
Ferry Depot, S. F. Also Ilia Broad-
way. Oakland. Cal. 37 SotrUx rtrrt
St., San Jose. ¦
CALIFORNU NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FBANCIibU ahj NURTH PACIFIC
KAI1WAT COMPASTT.
Tiburon Perry. 7oot ol Market Street.
SA2T 7BAXOXSCO TO SAXT BATAXXm
WEEK DATS— 7:30. »:0O. 11:00 a. m.; 13:3*.
3:30. 5:10. 6:30 p m. Thursday • — Extra trt>
at 11:30 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:30 and 11:83 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30.
3:30 6:00 8:20. 11:30 p. m.
SAW EAFAEL TO SA2T 7&A5CISCO.
WEEK DATS— 6:05. 7:33 7:5© 9:20. 11:13
a. m.; 12:tO. 3:40. 5:00. 5:20 p. tn.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:05 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 9:00. 9:40. 11:15 a, m.; 1:40. 3:40.
4:S5. 5:05. g.2S p. m.
Leave ) - In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. ( Sept. 27. 1903. [San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I De«Una- I Sun- I "Week. '
Days. I days. I tlon. | days. | Days.
7:30 a 8:00 a 9:10 a 8:40 a>
9:30 s Ignaclo. 10:40 a 10:20 a.
3:30 p 3:30 p «:0S p 6:20 p
5:10p 5:00 p 7:35 p
7:30 a 9:10 a' S:40»
8:00 a Novato. 10:40 a 10:20 a>
3:30 p 9:30 a PeUluma 6:05 p 8:20 o
0:10 p 3:30 p and 7:35 p
5:00 p Santa Rosa.
7:30 al ~ 10:40 a 10:30 a!
I 8:00a Fulton. 7:35 p «:2Opi
3:30 p| 3:30 p . ; P
Windsor.
7:30 a 8:00 a Healdsburr. 10:40 a 10:20 a
Lytton.
3:30 p 3:30 p Geyserrllle. 7:35 p 1:20 ¦>
Cloverdale.
7:30 al S:0Oa| Hopland. )1O*:4O a'10:20 a>
3:30 p| 3:30 p| and Uklah 1 7:35 p| 8:20 p
7:3Oa| 3:C0a| Wllllta. I 7:35 pj «:20"pT
7:30 a! 8:00a| 110:40 a|10:20 a,
3:30 p| 3:30 pi Guernevllle. | 7:35 p| 0:20 p.
7:30a|8:OOa| Sonoma! I 9:10 al 8:40 *
5:10 p[ B:0Op|- Glen Ellen. I 6:05 p[ «:2Q p,
"7:30 al 8:00 al ~ |10:4Oajl0:2O»
3:30 p| 3:30 p| Sebagtopol. I 7:35 p| 6:20 p>
STAGES connect at Green Bra« for Saa
Quentln; at Santa P.osa for Whit* Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altruria and Mark West
Springs: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey.
¦errllle for Ekaggs Springs; at Cloverdala for
the Geysers. Boonevllle and Greenwood* at
Hopland for Duncan Springs. Highland 8 prtngs
Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay Laical
port and. Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes. Laorei
Dell Lake. Witter Springs. Upper Lake. Pomo
Potter Valley. John Day's. Rtverstde. Llerly*sT
BucknelVs Sanhedrin Heights. HullvilU Orr'«,
Hot- Springs. Halfway House. Comptcne. Cams
Stevens. Hopklna. Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg
Westport. U»al: at WUUta for Fort. Brag*)
Westport Sherwood. Cahto. Coyello, Layton-
vlHe. Cummlngs. Bell's Sprtngi. Harris 01-
sen'8. Dyer. Garbervilla. Pepperwood. Scotl*
and Eureka.
Saturday to Sunday round-trip ticket* at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday round-trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket offices. 630 Market street. Oironlcl*
building.
H. C. WHITTN'O. B. X. RYAN. .
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Aft.
ROSS VALLEY,
1^^^^' MILL VALLEY,
rarHp^ra CAZADER0 ' Etc *
Ki^^EcEC?.5^^5.' via. Sa,aaalito Farrr*
' Suburban Service SUndard Gaug* Eleotrlo—
Depart from Saa Francisco Dally-7:00 »:0%
t> W lOOO ll:C0 a. m.. 12:20. l:4o. 3:13. 4:15.
6 : 15 fl-15 7:00 3:«. 10:20. U:« p. ta.
* FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRAN CI3CO
TY»r.v 5 '25 6:33 7:40. 8;S5. 9:35. 11:05 a.
12^20; 1:45 2:55. 3:45, 4:45. 5:43. 6:45.
8: FROM 2 M?LL n 'VALLET TO SAN FBAN-
,:05. •*>¦¦**£&& mm
8-00 a m datl> — Cazadero and way stations.
5 : J5 p'. m. week days (Saturday* «xcepted>r-
¦ Toroales and way stations.
i 3:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way «ta-
""yundays only— 10 a. m.. Point Reyes aa4
way stations. •
TICKET OFFICE— 626 Market ft
FERRT— Union Depot, foot of Market at.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
1 ' Leave Ti» SaoavUia tmrj Arrlv«
SanFrandsco toft KarltR Saa Pnaefac* !
Week Son- Sm- Week*
JDay*^ days J&&*jrft&$%L day* Dayv
•1J13T # »:OOa r&ScSttk 12:05pfoTlfiI
*1:4Sr 9:OOa tt^SCBIBg lstSr 3:50r
5:lfir 1O:OOa Wa&^Sw *:K»r .VSO»
11:OOa 4:S»r lil*t
_^«_. l:45p \H8lJ^ 5:S«r .«— _
S:l5r| '^BF T:SOrl.__
«ttaa«c« wit> tttp %t '* Mi— mt THW *My
nets; U26 Mauutt ST a (Nortb Shore Ratlroed)
VnVX I sad Sausauto kjbu.v. Foot Market 5c
ssSfg^gtoja MENANDWOMEM.
'^jeSUrv'&B^S^Si Big « for nna»tunU
iP?Sr to 1 u * imy».v9 dUchar£e«.i»naniin»tioaa,
; M&SS Otiruteri « lr:lUtlon» or u!c«r»U8M
¦£•¦ t.tuwUtort. of mneoui n«mbr&B«*.
fea*-^ Trinm* c«mtn. Piinleii. »nd D«t aitrta*
ffyrtr-itEnisCHEM'MlCJ. «»at or poisonous.
%^Xi CIHSlKSATI,O.Fffil «ol«l by Drng»fat«,
W^ CB.A. Zffilr <> r Mnt ta *'* la
«?vl&MBk^ by «pr««s. pnrpald. far
' vi&W^^fl tl.OO. or 3 bottles S2.7S.
• ' U Circular Mat •» tn^W
! | THE GREAT POINTER
; | A Sportsman's Feature --SL With Thg Sunday Call |
j 1 AN IDEAL FIELD PICTURE JV JANUARY 10th, 1904 [I
; / "POINTING." I
: 0 In pursuance of its policy of furnishing its readers not only .all the y
; • features tnat its contemporaries contajn, but something more, The Call, 14
> ever on the alert, has secured a series of art pictures of sporting and hunt- n
ing scenes and will reproduce them is supplements of its Sunday Edition. 0
c ' "Pointing" is from the brush of Osthaus, the justly famed painter H
of sporting scenes, and this picture is a most faithful portrayal of an H
fThis subject had for its model the famous "Oddsides," a prize-winner - y
in over fifty bench shows in England and America. U
The experts who have seen it, and dog fanciers are indeed critical, h
pronounce "POINTING" to be a gem. Sentertersely describes "Oddsides" Ij
as one of the most strikingly beautiful dofes ever shown in this country, of H
orange and white, having a beautifully shaped, strong, rugged, masculine • B
head, long, clear neck, deep chest and powerful back; loin and quarters 13
perfect, and legs and feet that were simply models. • y
The study in oil brings out every detail of-.a field scene with a good ij
The /*pen field and the exquisite coloring of the principal object make . '/ i|
this a picture that possesses merit of a high degree. ., " Y\
BE SURE TO GET THE NEXT SUNDAY CALL; I
I ALL NEWSDEALERS AND TRAIN NEWSBOYS SELL IT. JTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY. TANUARY 4. 1004.
12
HELP WAJTTRI)— FRMAtE— Cos.
INDUSTRIOUS business women canabU of
handling mercantile proposition can secure
employment with the Royal Mercantile Co. ;
genteel work: good compensation. Suite 13,
Columbian building. 010 Market st.
A YOUNG nurse girl. $10-$!2. Apply between
1<> a m. and 3 r>. m. 23:: Third ave.. Rk-h-
rcorii District. Sutter Street car; carrar*
paid. ;: ;*¦•
WANTED — In San Rafael, strong, intelligent
girl about 28 years, general housework;
wages 930 month. Address, with references.
H. B.. S05 Fourth St.. San Rafael. Cal.
EXPERIENCED yalesladies for notion depart-
ment. Apply J. M. LEVEE £ CO.. cor. Pow-
ell and Geary sts.
OPERATORS and tuckers on ladles' waist?;
good pay: permanent pc-siti ru. JL'DA
DROP.. 320 Market st.
A-TOUXG. experienced girl for cooking and
general housework: rnust hare references.
; Call in morning. 521 Baker st.
I WOMAN exp?rlenced In teach-^g can secure
' lucrative position in a business house. Box
273D. Call office^
YOUNG Rirl to assist with light housework.
Apply 2820 Folsom st.
GIRL for general housework; $15 per month.
12O Eleventh st.. top floor. left.
WANTED — A flrst-class coat finisher; wijh
$10 to $12 per week. 320 Kearny st.. room 1.
FIRST-CLASS stenographers furnished. M!«3
M. G. Barrett, instructor. 302 Montgomery.
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for th» recep-
tlon of advertisements and subscrtoUons baa
been opened at 1003 Market st. oppoatta
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
HELP WAXTBD — MALE.
mcrraT* "r e a DYTcnTSTciay sC~"~
Phone Main 5S4S.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
1902 we gav,. 1M8 we'll gtv,
45,000 men work. «0,OCO men worlc.
Arizona, close to Prescott, $9.
Farmer and wife, cook for 8 men, no family,
see bess hen?. $30 and found.
Farmer and wif>!, Sonoma Co.. 1 cow, $o5 fd.
German or Scandinavian cook, wife, hotel $50.
5 cooks. $30. $40. $50. $60 add found.
25 farm hands.
Carriage trimmer. Old Mexico, free fare.
$*— Don't Forget— $9.
Arizona to-day — Prescott. t
Steady Job for 2 years; bt» wages.
Italians. , 1
40 Italians to chop wood; tools tonxoA. r J
New railroad work. :i]
155 Italians or Portuguese. $60.
155 Greeks or Spaniards; $60.
155 Austrians or Mexicans; $60.
Sexton, your.g or middle-aged maa, 923 tt.
• GOOD JOBS.
Boy for dairy offlce. must live with parents,
$30 to $35 month.
12 two and four horse teamsters. 98T SO aad
$75 per month; good Jobs.
German brewer. State of Nevada.
MURRAY A READY. 834-636 Clay st.
BIG LUMBER COMPANY—
4 rigging pullers. $40 and found.
3 belboys. $25. $20. $15 and found.
Neat young man. tend bar. help deliver
drinks. $35 and found: near city.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
LOCK!
2 bread bakers, 919 to 920 week.
3 bakers' helpers. $12 to $16 week.
Ironer. country laundry. $60.
Baker, hotel, $55 and found.
Boy for coal yard. city.
Baker, institution. $40 and found.
In Mendccino County.
IS German or Scandinavian woodehoppers;
big job; $i to $1 50 cord.
LOOK.
4 miners* fare $4. $75.
3 carmen, same mine. $67 50.
Boilermaker, free fare; blacksmith, country
PRUNERS.
3 prurers. boss here to-day. $30 and found;
nack sewer; night cook, $S week and found;
night washer, stableman. $60.
SPECIAL.
Vegetableman. mine. $.'M> and found.
Head waiter. flrst-c!as» uuntry hotel. $M to
$«0; night offlce clerk, country hotel. $T>5 to
$40 and found.
Boss here, both places.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
SPECIAL— ~~
Boy to run errands, learn to paint signs;
must live with parents: for this offlce
MURRAY & READY. 634-63U Clay st.
BUTLER and wife for family. $60; jobbing
gardener. $1 25 day and found; cook and
wife. $115. see boss In city; cook and wife,
955; restaurant second cook, 930; baker's
helper, $20 and found: baker, 91S week:
colored elevator boy. $30: waiter, country.
$25 and found, and others. J. F. CROSETT
6 CO.. G'JH Sacramento st.
CAL. EMP. AGENCY. 14 Third St.. near Call
Bldg.
FREE FARE. FREE FAR£.
RAILROAD MEN.
50 laborers for railroad. $2 a day.
25 teamsters, new railroad work, $2-2 50.
WOODSMEN.
2 fpoo! tenders. $55 and board.
2 buekers. 5O and board. t
2 fellers, $55 to $65 and board.
3 carpenters, city.
CAL. EMP. AGENCY. 14 Third St., near Call
Bldg.
CASH BOYS
CASH BOYS .
CASH BOYS
WANTED MO?TT>AT.
WANTED MONDAT.
WANTED MONDAY.
Permanent placet for rood br7t. Apply n»
pcrlntendect'a office. THE EMPORIUM.
A BUTLER for small family la city. «40: mast
fcavereferenccs from last plae*. M133
FLCyKETT. 423 Batter St.. near Pa«r«U.
__ _ __ _ _
Men to learn tb* barber trad* ia two moathm
and secure zaod posttioss; catalogs* aa4 ti'.l
Information mailed free. ilOLEU WytUm
Ccl'.tse. C» Clay it.
A GOOD proposition i-> one who will lastall aa
up-to-date Stergeot baler ia aa rstabllshmS
book and j-.b printing o.'n-» | a Saa Fraa-
Cisco. Address box 2744. Call otfic*.
GOVERNMENT positions— Call al room li.
fifth floor. 305 Larkln it., tor trw JnfOT=u-
tlcn as to positions, salaries, a f Umits. etc;
day cr evesiBgs.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 aad
$1 SO per pair, foot-form shoes at $2 SO. or
orthopedic shoes. S3 W>; best shoes on earth. It
Third st . 7TT»m. bids.. 5 doors {rota Market.
WANTED — Boy to learn carriage blacksmith-
in*; reference. KS Harrison st.
COOD barber wanted; must be union maa.
5 Larkln cr.
FIRST-CLASS barber wanted. 502 Turk st.
BOY U> feed press at Odell's. 73 Fourth s«:
Kood chance to learn.
DISHWASHER. 434 Fifth st.
FOR sale — Two-chair barber shop very cheap.
1CS0 UoTvard st.
FOn sate — S1CO — Two-chair barber shop. Sacra-
meAto; rent *12 50 month: Income $25 per
week., transient trade mostly; 3 block* from
depot; KPins to Mexico. W. E. MULLER.
227 J street. Sacramento. Cal.
WE pay $3S a week and expenses to men wiih
rigs to introduce poultry comnound: years
• contract. Imperial %lfg. Co.. Dept. 54, Par-
sons. Kara.
WANTED — Men and women to learn the
barber trade; wages paid while learning.
Call or adtJrCiia Western Collafc of Barbers,
«47 Commercial St.. San Francisco.
WANTED — An all around bookbinder: one wiio
can do forwarding and finishing on full
bounds. Apply 8AXBORS..VAIL & CO Til
Market st.
' WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor has
added 1C<> new rooms to the Denver House
' 217 Third st.: 'J50 rooms: 25c to 6O0 per night!
WHY* pay big prices to have your shoes haif-
soled when you can get It done for 25c 20c
and eOc while you wait at 5(v! Mission st
bet. 1st and 2d sts.. or II Third st. >
PAL1IER HENDRIKSON. formerly of Seattle
Is earnestly requested to write to his sorrow^
ins mother, or com* home.
ICO YOUNG vr.en of IS yeais.~with good ehar-
acter. to orsanlze military organiia:lon.
Call at 4,3 Valencia »t.. bet, tt and S d. m.
BOY. 10 nr IS. residing with parents, for who!«-
sale house: state age and experience Vd-
Oress bed SOU, Call office. "
FIRST-CLASS scllcltor: must be of good »d
PENSION ATTT.. M. HARRIS. 40 Ellfi st • 14
years practice; references from thousands ot
persons for whom I have secured peasiona.
EMPLOYMBXT WASTED-i-JIALB.
A^AjSP>SNTERT^Merly ni an > wants light
work in shop at bench or care for pmce.
wants to go south: can do almost any kind
if work: email wages; wants good home.
Box 2776. Call. .
WELL educated, middle-aged man with best
of , references, speaking German. French.
Spanish. Italian and English fluently, wishes
steady position In city or country. Address
box 3007, Call office^
YOUNG man 30 years old. having had a re-
sponsible position with a large corporation,
would like to be connected with a wholesale
wine house. Box 2733. Call offlce. j
A STRONG well-educated Swiss. 28 years old.
attending nlsht school, wants work of any
kind; private place; references. Box -to.
Call offlce. ¦ ;_
POSITION wanted— A reliable married man:
understands care of horses, carriages and
harness and can milk: wife good cook and
laundress: references. S. P.. 77 Ninth St.
TO keep books during leisure hours, evenings
and Saturday afternoons. Address J. R. H..
box 2701, Call, offlce. ;
COACHMAN wants situation in private fam-
ily: long, experience and beat references.
Box 2706. Call offlce.
YOUNG man. experienced stenographer, wants
position with large real estate concern, wltb
eom* outside work. Box 3214. Call office.
vTANTED— A place for a good boy. 16 years
old; German descent. Please address
ADROLS. 420 O'Farrell at.
Al PAINTER S paperhanjeer and tlnter wants
work by the day; has necessary tools; very
reasonable. Address box 2716. Call offlce.
INSIDE watchman, position in city; middle-
aged man; references; bond; strictly sober.
Box 2767. Call offlce.
A STUDENT wishes to do chores morning and
night in exchange for board and room. P.
JENSEN. 120 Fair Oaks st. «
GERMAN wishes position aa bartender. 16
FranUlIn st. -
FIRST-CLASS non-union handsaw, sticker or
shaver man wishes poaltlon. Box 2734. CaU.
GARDENER or assist gardener, wants situ-
ation: unmarried; age 34. Box 2740. Call.
GOOD barber seeks steady position. Barber.
1164 Page st.. phone Page 1178.
A JAPANESE high school student wants a
pooltwn as school boy In this city or Oak-
land. Address by letter only. FRANK
FAVA. Japanese Mission, 807 Polk.
A YOUNG Japane-e desires country position to
do cooking or housework In good family.
Address H. KANA. 1000 Hyde et.
JAPANESE boy wants a place for every Satur-
diy; housework or every evening washing
dishes or waiter. T. YAMA. 1910 Stelner st.
JAPANESE boy wishes a position as dlshwash-
er or housework. G. OKUBA. 513 Jessie at.
JAPANESE boy wants work and attend school
from 8 to 4; speaks English. Box 2i22. Call.
JAPANESE schoolboy wants a position; $1 a
week. SADA. 1308% Castro st.
FLATS TO LET.
A— HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list:
eervice absolutely free: take advantage of
this department: It will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-239 Geary
et., on the square.
ALL of the most desirable flats and houses are
listed In our renting department: let us give
you a list and help you find one in the loca-
tion you want. STERLING FURNITURE
COMPANY. 1030 Market St.; services abso-
lutely free^
ELEGANT furnished flat. 6 rooms and bath;
fine location; sunny side; responsible parties
can Inspect between 10 a. m. and 4 p. m.
1140 Oak st.
SACRAMENTO 3746 'near Pierce. Presidio
Heights— Small flat. 6 rcoms and bath. $35.
HOOKER & LENT. 14 Post st.
MODERN sunny middle flat, 5 rooms and bath.
IRS Noe St.. near ISth et. : rent reasonable.
NEW sunny shingle flats; O rooms; tinted. Post
¦ St.. bet. Broderick and Baker.
SUNNY flat. 4 rooms; rent $12. 1325 Pierce
st. ; key on premises. < '
VALLEJO. 1610. West Van Nees- ave. — Lower
flat, U rooms, bath; modern; $w.
FLATS TO LET F un.V I SJHED.^^
NICELY furnished flat of 7 rooms and bath; 3
rooms ray rent: near City Hall. Box 36S)0.
Call offlce.
FLATS FOR SALE — FLKXISHED.
EIGHT-room flat for sale; good location; after-
noona. BSO Geary st.
rACIAIi XAS3AGZ. '
A— WRINKLES removed: fine complexion guar-
anteed; new method; 00c. M. LUTON. mani-
curing parlcrs. 764 Larkln St.; phone Polk 17.
FINANCIAL.
COMPANIES Incorporated, financed and stock
floated. W. H. BITTNER. Lawyer and Fi-
nanclal Agent. 322 Emma Spreckels bldg.
HH.MTIKU WASTED.
A — Highest price paid for fur.. carpets. etc. Mrs.
T. B. Selby, F-qu Stable Fur. Co.. 812 Larkln.
HIGHEST prices for furniture and mdse. L. H.
BURD, aucttoneer.ISlSMkt.; ul.Howard 2756.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Red 4462.
buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpet*.
- HELP WASTED-FEMALE.
A— COOK and eecond girl for the same bocse,
small family in city. 930 and 925; a cham-
bermaid, also waitress, for yoticc ladies'
school In city $20 each, references; a parlor
maid and waitress for 3 tn family. $30; four
otner waitrecaes for private famines, city,
$30 each; a oi» for small restaurant. S39;
a zecood cook fcr an Institution. $9; a wait-
ress for private family. $35; a maid and
•eamztress $25: forty cirls fcr all kinds of
bouechoid wo:k. *3>. 923 asd. 929. MI S3
'PLUXKErrS. 423 Setter tv. k**t PoweiL
A— THE DOMESTIC CLUB.
2.K Geary st Roosi 24.
Cook. Jewiab family $33
Cook American family. Oakland *32
Cook. San Sl»teo - - -*M»
Nerre about Zi. tot 2-year-o)d child.
leading bcu«e in city 930
3 parlor scalds, meat be experienced
waitresses * 930
Housework, fine places $23. VA
AT San Francisco Err.t>!o>m' -it flureau. Z" 'j
Fourth st. : Norn: gir! for a child 2 year*
old. city references. S2t); housekeeper for one
petisciv XX'; llSht hcUM-w-erk. Berkeley. $1S:
ass!*r in ( hcusewcrk, cit?-, ?1C; Swedish girl
for bouse* ork. city. $20. Phone Uraat 2G.
A — STRONG young woman to clean and scrub
a stcre. $1 25 a day; references and expe-
ri«nc« required. Call at MISS PLUNKETT'S.
423 Sutter st . near Powell.
A WAITRESS, $30; cook. «-{5: house *lrl.*«3O;
sefcnd girl, young ladles' school, $23; board-
ihg-houfe cook, $3T>; waitress, fame place,
$20; infant's nurse. J25. Mrs. Norton. 313 Sutter.
A— WANTED — Girls to learn halrdressinjr.
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
in S weeks; $3 to those entering now; 3 po-
sition* to fill Immediately; positions guaran-
teed at *1O Der week up: leadins school i;i
AVest. 233 Geary st.. room 13.
A— Girls to learn millinery now for spring sea-
son: both seasons taught from start to finish
in 1 month for $10; positions aa trimmers,
salesladies, etc.. gunranteed at $10 per wlc up;
day and evening class. 14.1 Stockton St.. r. l.i.
A — LADIES to learn all branches balrdrevstng
trade; manicuring, massage, etc. 1230 Mar-
ket «!.. ror. Jove*, room l>»; positions secured
at highest wages; day and eve. class; call.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV- I
ETERS: NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY; '
PAID 8ALART. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'8
FACTORIES. 32 H FREMONT ST. AND 1S73
MISSION. NEAR FIFTEENTH.
A YOUNG nurse girl. $10-St2." Apply between
10 a. m. and 3 p. m. 23.'$ Third ave.. Rich-
mond District. Sutter street car; carfare
paid.
YOUNG girl of 18 or 2O to take care or chil.l
and help in light housework; wages $15. 1:10
Bush st.
A NEAT girl, experienced cookl light wash-
ing; wages. $30. 780 OTarrelft
GIRL for general housework and plain cook~-
• ing. ' 135 Central ave. : carfare paid.
WANTED — Girl for second work and setrinT
1307 ¦ Hvde st.
WOMAN In Institution to care for dinlns
v room. Cat. Emp. Agency. H Third st.
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
Chutes « p. m. Wednesday: salary no object.
FIRST-CLASS manicurist and hairdresser:
. must be. experienced.. Apply Superintendent's
: office. The Emporium.
WANTED— Thoroughly ' experienced sales-
i B^l.. f T220 W M l a 8 rlcer^ 9lClrt "^ MARKS
THEj^rCALL
JOHXC D. SFSSCKELS. Proprietor.
KisitaTcEEMmitCts to lOHif BcFADEK. Kaiacr
*\V. J. MARTIN' BuBln—a Manager
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE <\\LL. The Operator Will Con-
nect Tou With the Department You Wish.
Publication Office Market and Third. S. F.
Editorial Hootrs 117 to Stevenson tt.
- Delivered by Carriers, "0 C:s. Per Week. 75
Cts. Per Month, f iv.sW Copies 5 Cents.
Terms by Mail, Including Postage (Cash With
Order):
DAILY CALL [htrtud. Sunday). 1 year...$S.OO
IJA1L1' CALL Ur.dud. Sund*»). « nios 4.iX»
DAILY CALL— By P inR le Month 75c
MXIUV CALL 1 Year -M
WEEKLY CALL 1 Year 100
„„,,.., I Daily... .fs.tsit Per Year E*tra
iS?T4r*» ICwtfajV. 415 J'er Year Extr*
rOSTAOE. [Weekly.. 1.00 Per Year Extia
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Sample Cop'ts » ill be lorwarded when re-
quested.
Mail subscribers in ordering change ot aJ- :
dress shruld lie particular to jrive both NEW
AND «'LD address In ordfr to insure a
prorrpt end correct compliance with their re- ,
Quest.
OAKLAND OrFICE.
¦ U1V Broadway «.. .Telephone Main 10S3
BERKELEY OFFICE.
214$ Center Street Telephone North 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
MORTON E. CRANE 14t(i G Street, N. W.
>EW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldfrf-AMt-ria Hotel; A. Brentano, 31
1'r.kn fquar.-; Hurray Hi'.l Hotel; Fiflh-avt.-
rue Hotel and Hoffman Hcuf . j
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House: P. O. News Co.: Great
Northern Hotel; Tremont House; Auditorium
H&ttl: Piln.tr Hoii«e.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEO3GE KP.OGNEfS...Marquotte Building
(Lgcs; Ulslance Telephone, "Central 2C19.") i
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE: I
ETEFHEN R. SMITH SO Tribune Building I
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
• EASINESS OFFICE cf the San Francisco
Call, corner Market and Third streets; opea
until 22 o'clock e\»-ry night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
C27 Montgomery s-treet, corr.er Clay; open un-
til ft:.>0 D. rr..
T.n> H.,\.— street: "pen until 9:."0 p. m.
1 C'it» IteJUlteter street; ope-n until 9:30 p. m.
«iir< L*u kin str<et: open until I»:30 p. m.
•1*41 Mi>sicn str«-et; cpen until 10 p. m.
2W1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open un-
til a d. m.
If*; Eleventh street: opea until 9 p. m.
lrotj Valencia street: ot*n until 0 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets;
fpen until 9 p. m.
Nrrthwrst corner or' Twenty-second and Ken- |
turky utrectt; open until t» p. m.
22"<i FiMmore street: open until $> p. m.
MKETI>G NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Ccmmanderj' No. 1. K. .•£_
T.— social aesemUy this even- (Sap
ING at 7:3". Ordtr cf Ttmp!?. All Eifl
uat.»rt <<iur;« N cu?ly invited. \Br
THOMAS H. BROWN. Commander. w
T L. HENDERSON. Recorder.
•APVLIM Of Golden Gate Commandery „
N-j 1«. K. T., f25 Sutter j-treet. — fi§r
sii:eJ Assembly Tins evening at K%
*> .Vcl.jfk. Ordtr ff Tfmplc. All fia- ft*"
tets are coui-te^Ufly in%ued. By or- &
«itrr of the commaiider.
THgQ. FROLICH. Recorder.
SAN PBAXCISGO Chapter No Z »
Royal Aivh M^Fon«. meets THIS"vSf
n\"ENIN«J : botBen only.
H. C. rBCCCE. Secretary.
OOIUKNTAL l.o.j : e No. 22~F~and A fi
M.-TH1S iJJOXDAY) KVEXING at "VSf
; ::;» .rclock. Stand meeting ana first /y/\
cifeie*-. n>- order of th<- master.
WALTER O.j ANDERSON. Secretary.
HERMANN Lodso No. 127. F.~ar^d A. e
M.— Staled tne^ting THIS DAY (Mon- W
dayt. January 4. 1IH;4. at "i:'M u' clock J^r\
|.. m. Dy <.r<?ei tit the W. M.
L. SCHUMACHER. Secretary-
CALI FORNI A~Lod{re~No7T ~^^T
O. F.— InrtHllatlon of officers ii^ySiWfe.
MONDAY EVENING. Januarj' 4 : =:*e<3Sfeg
jirc»rno« of a!i the members re-
quired; visitlnc br.<thor« welcome.
S. KACFMANN. N. G.
THE regular monthly ~^r— •"" VT^~t-,
<;ii Mon '.ay. .lar.uar A^JJ^^^SSBH
' o'clo>.-k p. m. A full ~* ¦¦I<*5» mm
att<_r.dance Ls requested.
J. I. SPEAR. Secretary.
PH ELI'S" Squadron No. 12. N?val Veterans —
The int-taliatton of officers of this squadron
will h^ on MONDAY EVENING. January 4.
at 41 J MqnteoriR-ry strett, at N o'clock; all
Khi;3iat«*s are requeued to be present, at,
' th<. scuitle-butt will be cptn with nj jruard
o»*r it. Uy under of
CHARLES F.DELMAN. Comn-.ander.
J. J. PELAXET. Secretary.
THE CaliJoiT^ia LK-bus commission having re-
ceived 1 1 •,''.:: ct! ¦•r..- to mine by hydraulic pro-
ce** f:uni Clarence Bradshaw. John Baror.l
•nd E<3»ard Santirto. in Eleph*r.; PUcer
Mine, near Volcano. An.adjr County. Cal..
drainlcx into Sutter Creek, which reaches
6»n Joaquin Hlver; frcm \V.. F. V.'. and
Oeo. Yl'eyziian. in Cornel Hill Gravel Mine.
n'ar Granite Hill. El Osraao <Ujuntr. Cai..
draininx intc Bull Ravine, which drains into
Webber Crtek. thence Into American River.
!rom E. A. Wiittee and J. E. Dolittle. in
French Hill Min*. netr LiLsrange. Stanislaus
Counti. Cal.. draininc into Snake Ravine,
wfelch drains tuto Tuolumne River, acd from
E. A Uiii*e. and J. E. Doolitt:e. la Pat-
nrk«vi:> Mining district, draining into Pat-
ricks la".:.. r.^«r Lajrranjre. Stanwlaos Coun-
ty. Cal-. s:ive» notl^* that meetir-S will be
held at rocm 9C. FlocJ buillise. San Fran-
cltcB. Ca! . Jan. II. 1304. at 1:30 p. m.
THE California Dtbiis Ccrsrr.irsicn having re-
ceived application to mine ty hydraulic pro-
. •-•¦* from I'.. C R'L.r.j;-. !n Slug Gulch
fJac*r mfne. near Fairplay. El Dorado Coun-
ty. CaJitcrr-'a. <5rain!ne into Midile Ferk
«"•— j~..t.~% Rl»er. «r.t»» r.--_c» that tn««tins
n ..: be held at rcoa 96. Flood buildirs can
Frascieco. Cal., January IS. 1304. at 1:3'J
p. rr.
THE acaoal tr.ee:. rg cf the rtock*:ollen ot
tb» Nevada Nauonal Baok ol £19 Fraa- j
Citco. r»l . wta be b«ld Jt its Ur.k;r,t
t-.natf. ~ i VIor." r rr.rry street. Saa Fran- '
t-.tco. C»! . an Tuesday. Jaauarr IS. 1S34.
at 3:15 p. m.. lor the election of dirvtors
tc terve djrics the essuicc year, ana for
tie tracsartion cl such ether bstl&ecs- u
car coc.t beXcr* the rr.—. re.
GEORGE GRAKT. Bee.
Eati FraBcSsco. Dec. 12. 1503L
ANNUAL MEETING— Notice m 'hereby given
tliat the nrteenth annual meeting cr the stock-
holders of the San Francisco and Oakland
Mutual Loan Association will be held at the
effice of the corporsllon. 51S Montgomery »t..
Pan Francisco, oa Wednesday. January ij
Vj04. at 3:::9 p. tn.. for the purpose of elect-
ing director* fcr the ensuing year, presenta-
tion of the fifteenth annual report and the
transaction <f such other business that mar
oome before the meeting. Rooks are now open
for the tsubscrlption to 1OOO shares of *tock
of the sixteenth series. By crder of the board
of Directors.
A. SBARBORO. Secretary.
ANNUAL Meeting — The annual meeting cf the
stockholders of the Spring Valley Wat»r
Company will be held at the offlce of the
company. No. 12H Stockton «.. at 12 o'clock
noon, en WEDNESDAY. th» 13th day of
J&Atitry, 1OO4< * on t he motion of direct ops
to *erve for the ensuing year, and for th«
transaction of such other business as may
come before the meeting.
PELHAM Vf. AMES. Secretary.
Fan ' Francisco. California. December 30.
1SC3.
A WEEK'S news for S rente — The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
AGENTS WAXTE1X
WANTED— Finn «u!tab!y located^to accept
general aitency for Peerless patterns, the
highest grade of paper patterns, which are
about to be introduced to the coast t trade;
can be handled In connection wtth any line
kindred to department store trade or dry
goods trade; excellent opportunity for right
party; experience in this particular line de-
sirable; no attention paid to Irrefponsible
people, but will communicate promptly with
rinht rattles with a view of closing negotia-
tions through our representative, who will
visit San Francisco in the early spring
Write, stating full particulars, alsu give ref-
erence*. Independent-Peerless Pattern Com-
pany. 42 Ea.gt Twentieth tt.. New York.
WOMEN and men eollcltcrs wanted. Apply to
Halpruner Medical Mfg. Co.. 28 California
«t., 1 to 5.
WANTED — Agents, ttreet *nd house work
WEISZ. second floor. m»4 Ellin ct. '
ASTltOLOCr.
Mr*. J. Francis. a*»ro>r)xlst. suite 10. Hotel
Ijrrham; hours. 10-ti: eve. by nrpointment. j
...Day and
Night class.
6CSIXESS CHANCES Contlnned.
A RESTAURANT in Palo Alto, in center of
town; Kood trade; will sell reasonable. Box
2723. Call offlce.
FOR *ale — Lodging houre of 20 furnished rooms
and barroom, i-i Pacific st. • ." f! ¦¦:,
SHOE repairing shop (or sale, cheap; good
stand. 042 McAllister st.
WANTED — Partner with $500 to establish new
buslnessVmachinlst preferred: bx 2697, Call.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at IMS Market St., opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
LODGI>t-HOUSKS KOK SALE.
A. CAMERON & CO., Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy 8t.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters icr rooming-houses, hotels and
ail kinds of business chances. ,
~ ¥? _ : \
220 rooms: grand new raodsra apartment-
house; elegantly furnished; swell location;
clearing $400 to $600 per month; golden op-
'portunlty.
15 rooms: Van Ness; oak and mahogany
furniture; a bargain If taken at once.
SS rooms; bonton location: elegant build-
ing; luxuriously furnished; all modern con-
veniences; grand entrance and halls; strictly
up-to-date; called East by sickness.
12 rooms: Post: oak fur., Erus. carpets;
clears $50; $300 cash, bal. on installments;
price $300.
r.9 rooms; new. and elegant buildlns: fur-
nished beautifully and up-to-date: hot and
cold, water every room; ?4000 cash necessary.
30 rooms; rent $35; fine location: all on two
fl^rs; 3 years' lease; clears $100, all full;
$2GC0.
123 rooms; first-class downtown house; 5-
year lease; cheap rent; private baths; doing
One commercial business; reduced; see this.
47 rocms: rent only $125; good lease: fine
eoS2. t:on; 80me apartments always full; clears
c200. j
116 rooms; new and elesantly appointed
apartment house: one of the swellest In city:
clearing: $500 to $600 per month; splendid
opportunity.
7-room nsw modern flat; $450 cash bal-
ance on installments; Income $45; price $550.
24 rooms; rent $140: newly furnished; fine
neighborhood; close In; always full.
162 rooms; most elegantly appointed apart-
ment house in San Francisco; beautiful mod-
ern building; fine entrance; cheap rent; clear-
ing $400 per month; 5-year lease; part cash;
balance S per cent per year.
13 rooms: cor.: rent $95: oak fur.; good
carpets, hair mattresses; part cash, balance
on time.
22 rooms; rent $75; never changed hands;
all men: steady roomers the year around -
clears JS5 oer month; first-class business
district; price $1SOO.
6 rooms; rent $45; oak fur.; moquet car-
pets; furnished 4 months; clears $45; see this.
IS rooms; fine sunny crrner; rent only $80;
well furnished; .all outside rooms; fine yard;
clears $100. '
58 rooms: rent $250; 2 years' lease: well
furn'shed throughout: close In; first-class
boarding house; clearing $250 per month.
5 rooms and bath; rent $18; water free;
r.ew modern flat, furnished 1 year; price $300.
50 rooms: Bush; rent only $162: good fur.,
carpets; clearing over $200 per month: only
14 rooms to take care of, balance do own
work ; a sne.p.
15 rooms: Van Ness; rent $S3; oak. ma-
hogany furniture; always full; price $1200;
almost new.
80 rooms: cheap rent; furnished last June:
oak fur.. Bros, carrots: clears over $2M> per
month; half cash, balance 1 per cent; owner
rick In bed.
7 room?: rent $3S; modern house; new fur-
niture; clears $M; only $400 cash, balance
time.
14 rocms; rent $40; n»w and modern little
boarding-house; fine furniture; hair mat-
tresses, clearing over $200 per month; price
$1000.
8 rooms; fine flat; rent only $17 50; well
furnished; very central; snap Rt $500.
24 rooms; rent only $1'.'5; first-class con-
dition: onk. mahoz.. birdaeye maple fur.,
extra tine carpets; clears *70; price $2000;
half cash. bal. IVi rer cent.
28 rooms, rent only $100: lease; very cen-
tral: well fur, clearing $120; must leava
city within 10 days; reduced to $1400; snap.
13 rooms, rent $35: rood fur.; carpets all
full and clean: price only $600.
[Established IS years.]
|\Ve will sell any "house
MARION ion the installment. plan.
GRIFFIN. I Business — Is — Booming.
jCall. write or ph«-ne us
jfor big fre» Hst of houses.
rritle abstract furnisJ-.ed free.]
(Rocm 408. "Examiner" Building.]
Phone H'ack 3607. Take elevator to 4th floor.
Corner 3d and Market sts.. San Francisco.
BARGAIN; 44 rooms, south of Market; 23
rooms newly furnished; electric lights; lease;
rent $(5«. Fcr sale only by
MARION «RIFF1N.] !
HOW is this? 16-room corner house, north of
Market, clearing $50 month, price $<XK>.
MARION GRIFFIN.]
SPLENDID Itf-room corner In high-toned
neighborhood; new. modern house; all bay-
window rooms; 'Axminster carpets: arolden
oak. folding beds with large mirror fronts;
dressers to match; a home full of permanent
roomers. MARIOX ORIFFIN.J
EXCLUSIVE — Rare bargain; family hotel; cne
of the best on the coast; handsome corner
building of 100 rooms; private baths; tplendUl
furniture and exceptional location; 5-yt?ar
lease; new and modern in etery drp&rtmenl:
electric elevator; electric light:; rtrictly flrst
class: heart trouble of owner is rnly cause
of sale. MARION ORIKCTX.J -
HIGH-CLASS; dcwr.town; 24 rooms: furnished
4 month? ago with be?t of everything fn fur-
niture, carpets and bedding; il-ar- $175. ;
'>.-, MARION GRIFFIN.]
BONANZA — A flrst-class. strictly modern
apartment house of 177 rooms; c#w building-;
elegantly furnished: low rent; lous lease:
clearing over $C50 per month abeve all ex-
penses. . MARION GRIFFIN. J
ANOTHER swell apartment hou«e of 109
roorrs; magnificently and substantially fur-
nished throughout; long leaie at !c*s than
$C per room; full et permanent numrrt See
MARIOX «R1FFIN.J
FASHIONABLE location; 14 -rooms; on sunny
corner: Brussels carpets: birdseye- maple and
mahczany furniture; rnust be <*cid at once
even it for less than half value; maxc offer to
MARION GRIFFIN.)
ULTRA stylish private board Ir.jc-house; 32
rooms; on Sutter et. : furnished in elegant
mahoeany and hfavy. rich velvet carpets;
5-year lease: clears £391 month. S.c
MARION GRIFFIN.]
GREAT reduction; 22 rooms; $1200; clears $D5;
rent $100; 2-year lease; near Emporium.
MARION GRIFFIN.}
ONLY $200 down and small payments for 8-
room corner flat, well furnished; north of
Market: rent $::o. See -
; MARION GRIFFIN.]
CALIFORNIA INVESTMENT CO.,
Phonu Black (3)01. 777% Market st.
Bank Reference.
Any house sold on easy terms.
10 rooms; rent. $42 SO; price $650
28 rooms: rent $100; price 1,600
25 rooms; rent $60; price 800
20 rooms; yrent $5O; . price 030
16 rooms;*rent $70: price «50
10 rooms; rent $27 50: price 350
25 rooms; rent $45; price ikmi
IA rooms; rent $50; price 650
21 rooms; rent $45; price £00
22 rooms; rent $37 50; price ¦ «50
14 rooms; rent $50; price '800
21 rooms; rent $75: price 1,250
15 rooms; rent $50; price C5l»
ft rooms; rent $16;' price : 250
12 rocms; rent $50; price "50
14 rooms; rent $«5; price ..............^1,000
For bargains see the old reliable agents,
CAL. INVESTMENT CO., 777H Market gt.
GREATEST bargains on the market; 45 rooms;
2S rooms newly furnished ; chance lor 18 of
your furniture; bargain for $1750;" 5 years'
lease; rent only $85; 3 blocks of Market;
lease worth double this price; . exclusively
with CALIFORNIA INVESTMENT CO.V
34 ROOMS: N. Market: lease; rent $3 50 room;
fine transient: grand corner location: price
only $22M>.- Full' particulars 777% Market
St. CALIFORNIA INVESTMENT. CO.
FOR SALE— A BOARDING-HOUSE: MEDIUM,
SIZE; ELEGANTLY FURNISHED; LOCA-
TION BEST IN THE CITY; LEASE;
OWNER LEAVING T0WJ.Y s BOX 2856.
CALL OFFICE.
$42S0 — A MONEY-MAKER of 45 rooms; down-
town: this is a sacrifice and I must se!I on
account' of sickness In the family. /Address
box 2774, Call office.
40 ROOMS: nicely , furnished;*, fine transient
house; grand loca.; 2 entrances: clears $250 to
$GCO mo 1 .; bargain at $SCGO. 777'4 Market st.
ATTOnXEVS-AT-LAW.
J W. H. BITTNER.
ATTOr.NEY AND COUNSELOR AT LAW.
Advice free. Phone South 743.
Suite 322. Emma Spreckels building.
Divorces quietly and legally obtained for
eight causes: damages secured for injuries to
ptrson cr estate; replevins for property un-
lawfully detained: attachments and garnish-
ments for debts; bonds furnished: bankruptcy
proceedings.: wills probated: ettates sealed;
collections 'made in all parts of the U. S.
A PRIVATE, quick divorce for a email fee.
See me and save money; no pay In advance.
_, G W. HOWE ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.
Established 22 yrs. : rms. 1. 2. 3. 4 & 5. 1st fl.
1122 Market «i.. between Mason and Taylor.
Advice free, all matters. Detectives employed
R. W. KING. AMorney-at-Law. Exam. bids:..
«Uh rtocr. entrance rocm (ill; established 20
years: all casei; centra* court and offlce
I practice: r.o fe*- In advance or for consulta-
tion: eveni:ips by fcppotatnient. Tel. Red 3601.
GEO. W. AVEK1LL; advice Riven in all cases;
divorce, probats. bankruptcy and attachment
suits a specialty; practice !n both State and
Federal courts. Room 4C5. 4th floor, Parrott
bids.. 855 Market et. ; phone Howard. 2551.
ADVICE free— I will advance cost In meritori-
ous cases, divorces, prcbate and all other law
cases; no fee* In ad vane*; open every even-
ing. J. M. THURSTON. 819 Market st.. r. -il.
ADVICE FREE.
Columbian Law and Collection Agency.
Room 55. 010 Market et.: tel. John 6228.
DIVORCE costs $12; open evenings- tenants
ejected. $5. f»l« Market, r.62. phone Itlack «51.
DIVORCE — Ccsl*. S12; quick, quiet; advice
free; op*-n evenings. 927 Market >t.. r. 301.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful; all
law business. W. W. Davidson. 927 Market.
L. P CLARK. 027 Market St.; consultation
free: nr. fe<-« in .advance: oprn evenings.
OIRDS, DOCS. ETC.
WARBLING canarify. talking parrots; all
kir.ds o: song and fancy birds; goldfish, seeds,
I cages, etc. Gi\e us a trial; we will please
you. 154K Market rt.
ULSIXESS CHANCES.
R. G. WILKE, r*al estate ar.d business agen-
cy; rstabllshe'l 15 years; quick sales. Rooms
9 and 10. 2(5!, Kearny.
A— H600 — Rarest chance in the market: cof-
i fee taloon and restaurant; choicest location:
! daily receipts about fi'A); net profits above
I fHOO per month; a tine business: Investigate
Fr.cn: trial given. R. G. WILKE, 2oVi
Krarny st.
A— $12T>0— DELICATESSEN and dairy produce
Ftore: close to Market and Stockton sts.;
larpe stock; clenrs at least $250' per month;
full value in Bictat; a splendid offer. Call
R. G. WILKE, 2<i'a Kearny-Ft.
A— $750 — SALOON on Commercial St.; rent
$50. See R. G. WILKIE, 26U Kearny St.
A— $3<iO — SALOON ami boarding-house on
main st.: VI furnished rooms; established
years. Fee R. G. WILKE. 26',i Kearny st.
A— ROADHOI'SE wtth 15 r.ewly furnished
rooms; ba'hroom. barn, i cart. 1 electric
piano; 10 years' lease: rent $43; price $.1u<X>;
busir.ers very gocd: that is all. For particu-
lars s?e R. O. WILKE, 20H Kearny st.
A— JljyO — BUTCHER ehop in Western Addi-
tion: rent *«0; weekly sale about 4 steers.
"Tt Fheep; 1 horse, 1 wa<on: dally receipts
about $10. S*e R. G. WILKE. 26=i Kearny.
A— #1720— CORNER grocery and bar on
Guerrero st. ; lease: a good paying business;
fresh stock; all cash trade. Particulars R.
G. WILKE. 2*i»i Kearny st.
A— S140O — CORNER grocery and bar on De-
visadero st.; owner li;»s a fine paying busi-
ness, but family affairs compels him to
l?ave for East. See R. G. WILKE, 26}i
Kearny st.
A — $.ViP — CIGAR, candy and notion store on
McAllister *t.: lent I2j; a nice raying busi-
ness for n:an and wife. Call and I will show
you the place. R. G. WILKE, 26>4 Kearny.
A— JCOO — DRY goods and notion store with 4
fine furnlFhed rooms on Mission St.; -splendid
chance fcr man and wife. Call R. O.
WILKE. 26 "-i Kearny.
FOR country hotels, saloons, cigar, notion
stores, butcher shops or any kind of business,
see R. O. WILKE. 2<Mi Kearny st.
STRANGEUS. ATTENTION !
Are you looking fur a 6afeand profitable
buMners cfx-ning in Kan Francisco? If to, we
ran offer you any numher requiring an invest-
ment :rom $1<X> to J50.000; -every business op-
portunity that passes through our offlce must
f"and the closest investigation, and we can
place you in a store, factory, hotel, mill, of-
fice, or, in fact, any business you may prefer;
kmU!y tall ar.d investigate.
GERMaNIA INVESTMENT CO..
Suit 321, Emma Spretkclj building.
A— .1 PER CEXT~MONTHLy!
On investments of $Kjo an.i upward; no "get-
rich-quick" swindle, turf spe. illation or fjam-
bling scheme, but a reputable, established
business enterprise in San Francisco; cleared
IG7.0M lapt year on $IP<M.'OO capital; stock
iturr-aitecl $20,000 to cr.Iarse the plant; call
or write for particulars.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. P27 Market st.
A— MERCHANTS. ATTENTION'!
Do you wish to enlarge, your business, or do
you d«-?ir« additional capital? If so. we can
fumls-h you tilth an active or silent partner
who will invest frcni S100 to $o0.C00; we ha\*
a large number cf desirable applicants on cur
books serk!:i*r gr-.:,d business openings.
GKP.MAXIA INVESTMENT CO..
gait SSI. Emma Spreckels building.
FOR sale — D-autiTul and picturea.juc health
and summer ie?ort. 2 hours' rid-; from S.
F.. 20 minutes' ride from derm: has 20
acres land, set with all kind* fruits flow-
ers; beautiful groves; 32-rooa hotel, with
cottage of 4 rooms, all furnished: necessary
octbuildinit?. dance pavilion, bar. bath-
houMs, lake for rowins; raises cwn veg-
etables, pcultry and hay; 2 horses' buexies.
bus. Jersey cotv and calf, chickens, bar fix-
tures, billiard ?al>!e. new upright piano; :i
years' lease at J5o0 per y<>ar. car. g?t longer;
fine n;in»ra! sprinc?; will euro many dis-
eases: money in everything on pla-.t: round
¦ trip Sundays $1 TO from F. F : <!eath cause
of rale; price $22&». CAMERON. 3 Eddy su
FOIt sil« or trad- — fjur.rtz mine; fne nrcspect-
:• j'--; !n CU.; a»sa>s $4O to $70 trn; trade
for r'm'g hou?« or business. Cam»rrtE.3 Eddy.
FOR sale — Best little restaurant :n <"Uy; rent
Hi: central; receipts $-15 to $10 dsy; must
leave town; price $1200; also sev.jral ethers at
prices 'rein «25O to $:»»: all first-class prep-
ositions and will t-ar investisallon. CAM-
EROX. 3 Eddy rt.
FOR rent— 3-roca fur. flat; central; could get
2 more roca-.s acjolains: reasonao'.e. CAM-
ERON & CO.. 3 Eddy tt.
A KREDO t CO A"
7« Market st Established IS years.
j> _ Clear Titles Ouarante«d.
S23rt — RaUery and notictui, G rooms.
**"" — liakery, counter trade. $2u daily.
$^ V| — Grocery, fruits, etc.; bone, wagon; pnap.
»I«5ft— Restaurant; reclfts $5« daily; nr. Mkt.
$iCf*>— Hottl and bar. 'J2 rooms. Tuolumne Co.
*."•"""— H'.i*! and bar. .11 rooms. Uumb;Mt Co.
$40o>'* — Rcadhouse. 22 j»cre» land, Butte CO.
CALL and Fee th* list of lodging-houses from |
«J to 200 rocms; cheap rents; hotels, road- I
houses, saloons, restaurants, groceries, livery '
stables bought and sold and exchanged-
money loaned on chattels: millinery store to
exchange. EITEL & CARROLL. 212 Kejfrny.
$2Cn— A DELICATESSEN store, 2 blocks from
Market st.: splendid locality; good trade;
* can be Increased: exceptionally low rent:
lust the place for man and wif«. Box
SOtg. Call offlce.
$45O— SALOON; water front; bargain It sold
oefori? January 5. 8 Ma*.on st. .
F1200-J-BEST Paying transient house north or
Market; 18 roomy. Inquire 8 Mason stV
WOMAN wishes to invest from two to four
thousand dollm* in some riaylrc bu»l-
r-ys: must stand investigation. Box 3691.
Call offlce.
FOR rale— Shce store, stfK* and fixtures; will
Invoice Sllot); will sell for $700: sickness
cause of selling. Box 2731. Call office.
AN" old-established wholesale fruit produce
commission business for sale cheap; owner
w ,. to retJr * on account of old rge reason
for gelling. Box ."HTTP. Call offlce.
HA )'E you anything to tell or money to Invest ?
.write us for particulars; agents everywhere.
Allaaena Investment Syndicate. 708 Market
8t.. San Francisco. Cal.
A— $300; SALOON; water front: receipts $15
daily; large place; cheap rent; 3 living rooms.
KureVa Realty Co.. 719 Market si.
A— WORKING mTn 1 S boarding-house; good lo-
cstion: low rent; Meady bcarders: no agents
r.ox Mri. Call offlce.
$4500— FIRST-CLASS ealoon: one cf the best
for sale In Oakland. THE ALDEN CO..
'US Broad waj. Oak'and.
$1000— AN active partner In the best leeltl-
™*y, ' bi-Blntts in the city: full Investigation.
S10 Telegraph ave.. Oakland. Cal.
FOR sa'.e— <Jood rwtaurant; proprietor wishes
to leave c i ty Sixteenth el.
SHOE store. 12 years' standing, for sale cheap;
good repairing trade. Box 3217. Call offlce.
CIGAR store for rent. 138. Third st.
J wurks, cood location. i; ux 2S0O. Call office!
LO PC ING IIOL'SES FO 'II SALE--Con.
SfA?pTl ; ?EVrY^A^fo~^LL!
RING UP MINT 70«i the Whole Year.
C. E. HINKLEY. 1020 MARKET St.. opp. 5th
10 rooms; Bush et.; rent $37 50; only.. $450
•»2 rooms; Market st. : 5 years' lease $2500
!« rooms; boarding; offer wanted $900
17 rooms; rent $45; clears $60 $750
100 rooms; grand sunny corner $7000
40 rooms; \' on Ness ave.; worth $3000. .$1800
0 rooms; cheerful and homelike $175
IS rooms; 6 unfurnished; rent $45 $500
35 rooms; transient; lease J $1500
20 rooms; lease; electric llfehts $6E0
8 rooms: Post st. ; rent $32; only S2&0
SNAP— 0 rooms, nicely furnished; rent $40:
a gift at $175. HINKLEY, 1020 MARKET
ft., opo. Fifth.
GRASP this opportunity— 32 rooms. Market pt.:
owner sick: must sell: offer wanted: your
gain, owner's loss. HINKLEY, 1020 Market
st., orp. Fifth.
PROFITABLE— 40 rooms and bar; central
location; it Is a speculation at S21C0; easy
terms. C. E. HINKLEY. 1020 Market St.,
opp. Fifth.
$2000— BAY-WINDOW house, 25 rooms; nicely
furnished: all full; sunny corner: north of
Market: downtown. Box 2749, Call.
28 ROOMS; choice location: rent $75; price
$11CO; money-maker; nicely furn. 777^4 Mrkt.
SPIHITUALISM.
ATTENTION— Prof. Fred P. Evans, the world-
famed, psychic, known as the Independent
writer and clairvoyant; indorsed by the lead-
ing spiritual and psychical gocleit*5. as well
as Journals of the world; consulted en all im-
portant matters, spiritual or material; send
stamp for circular on mcdlumshtn. Offlcs
1112 Eddy st., near Oetavla.
MRS. C. C. KOTTER. circle every night, 10c;
card reading 29c; sittings daily. 43 Sixth st.
MRS.' L. HODGSON, circles Wed.. Thur., Frl"
Sat., Sun. eve.; sittings dally. 14S 6th, r. 16.
EDWARD EARLE, 10»'i Ellis, readings dally.
8:20 to 4: seances Sunday and .Thursday.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A— Cal! at Once and Save $2.
My Regular $3 Reading This Week for
$1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE,
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever In San Francisco.
1 do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge If I fail to tell your name, oc-
cupation and what you called for; I promise to
tell you whether husband, wife of sweetheart Is
true or false: tell you who and when you will
marry. In fact, I will tell you every hope, fear
or ambition better than you can tell yourself;
he restores lost affections, reunites the separat-
ed, causes speedy and happy marriage; makes
you nuccesatul and prosperous; cures disease
and lost vitality; 10 a.m. to $ p.m.; Sun. ,2 to t>.
326 O'Farrell St.— 326.
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma^
nently located at 17 Third St.. next Examiner
bldg. : she readii your life correctly, srives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
presrnt harpenlncs and portra>s even's to
occur In th» fut.ire: If you are In trouble, dis-
contented or iiot satisfied with life, or have
domestic, love or business troubles, consult
thi3 great medium and you will be told how
to overcome them; valuable advice In all af-
fairs of life: 25c up: satisfaction guaran-
teed; readings by mall. Tel. Black 4563.
ISMAR. the Egyptian frypsy. clairvoyant and
pajmlpt, permanently located at 1104 Market
/ St., cor. Turk; private readings daily, 10 a.
m. to 5 p. m. ; readings by mail as satisfac-
tory as in person; 3 questions answered, $1;
fall life, $.".; send lock of hair, date of year
of birth; don't s?nd currency: send pestoffice,
W* Us- Fargo money order or registered letter.
MRS. A. H. KRONENBERGT~palmist. clalr-
vovent. car.l reader: when others fall try me;
good reading 10c. 721 Franklin, nr. G. G. ave.
MISS ZEMDAR. young gifted clair. and palm.;
narots: L. 50c G. $1. 714 Franklln.nr.G.G.av.
A — Mae. Ravenna reads life, business advice;
names given; C5c up. 5 4th St., near Market.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader, re-
moved from 132 6th to 23>3 Ctb: Ia. 25?. g. 5Oc.
Mr*. Viina. trance medium and card reader; 3
questions an*, free. 4C0 Geary st.. room 1.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader: la. 25c.
gents 5Oc. S51 Mission st.. nr. Gtb: open Son.
OLDEST :«dv palmist sod card reader In citjr-
1.C 1 • Kwrey. r«ira Utt: ladies. ZT>c: j;mi*. SV<r.
MISS WARD, remove*! to 917 Market, re. 11-12: i
gives name*, dates, facts. Hour* 11 to 9 p.m. i
MRS. SIIAFER. t'airvoyant. -card reader: sit- j
tings da Sly. 4{SVa Jessie St.. fcet. 5th jnd Cth.
CAHPET RKATI.\G A.M» CI.EAMAG.
AIR now universally uted.ln cleaning carpets
on floor, without removal: price moderate.
E. F. Compressed Air Cleaning Ca. Call
building. Phone Main 5237.
WHEN you become diwrusted with your w.irlr
. eend for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
1ns Works. 455-337 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
TRY Hopke Bros.; carpet beating; mattresses
-made over. 1432 Howard: tel. South 210.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Work*. 1S09 Har-
rtgon rt.: Al cleaning: 3c; tel. Mission 225.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutler St.;
tel. Main 3ft4. GEO. WALCOM A CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating, works ;prlces
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. : tel.Mlssion 233.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
¦ 3T.3 Ooldon Qnt» nve. ; lel»nhon» F.a«t 120.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
BAD tenants ejected tor $»: collections made:
City or country PACIFIC COLLECTION*
CO. 41 5 Montgomery, rooms 0-10: tel. 55S6.
cross BPPT trBS. \
WHO DOES IT? HUNTER. 1206 Market St.
Send for circular. Why will you suger? i
DENTISTS. / I
DR. GRUSS. 80T5-C "^allaihTn^bldXT^laricet
and McAllister eta., uses the Basford Obtun-
rfer; the only device ever invented for grind-
lug, drilling and excavating teeth .without
pain.- For demonstration call at ft flee. ¦'-..-¦
DR.LI1CLUM HILL:" 1443 Market.nr.EIeventh
' — No cr-argc ror extracting when_ plates : ar»
made: old plates -made over tike new;:tee.th
from .%» per set; extracting BOc; gas given.
A NEW plate — The Wnalebone— cannot break;
v.i:r*nted 20 yrs.; crown. $3 60; fillings. BOc:
plates. $S; full set: allwork painless and war-
ranted.' Chicago Dental. Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
PARIS Dental Parlors,' 235 Kearny. cor. Bush —
Set teeth $1 50 up: crowr.s $2 up; fillings
GOLD fillings. 75c; silver. 35c: cr.iwne. $2: no i
pain; open Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hewltt.2C4 Sutter. ;
A. ARTHUR CHISHOLM surgeon 'dentist.
rocm 14 Phelan building. San Francisco.
UltESSMAKEnS AXD 8KAM8THKSSBS
ACCORDION, sunburst & knife platting. Stew-
, art's button & buttonhole factory, 110 Taylor.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & MUllnery School—
..? Patterns cut. to measure; eve. class. 1019 Mkt.
EDUCATIONAL.
ANOTHER Enlargement — California Business
College moves the first of the year to Ita
new home. 901-925 Golden Gate ave.. occu-
pying 18,000 equare feet, the entire top floor
of the pew Pioneer Automobile bldg., oppo-
rte beautiful Jefferson square; every modern
idea for health, comfort and progress of our
students; departments all reorganized and re-
furnished; occupies larger space than any
other two business colleges on the coast;
write at once for our 75-page illustrated
catalogue, giving full Information about our
25. tier cent removal discount. Address 300
Larkln ft. .
ALWAYS the best — We are enlarging our
quarters 50 per cent; other scho»>!s are mov-
ing farther out to secure cheap rent; our lo-
cation Is central, among the business houses,
giving advantages In securing: positions, also
convenient car service; experienced business
men as teachers; actual business bookkeep-
ing: Gregg shorthand (used In half the
schools In America): typewriter at home
free. SAN KRANCISCO BUSINESS COL-
LEGE. 1236 Market st.
AYRES. the leading business college 723 Mar-
ket st. :- established IS years: life scholar-
ship. $50; bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typ-
ing, arithmetic^ spelling. e tc. ; positions se-
cur»d; the college refurnished with new
typewriters and furniture Jan. 1. Catalogue
free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST. S.
. F. — Bookkeeping:, shorthand. toucH typing,
languages, telegraphy. English branches; day
and niffht sessions: illustrated catalogue free.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 305 Larkln~8t?
"A thorough school": positions secured for
graduates; modern methods; Individual ln-
structlon. Write for Illustrated catalogue.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the university, law and medical colleges;
ref.. President Jordan or any Stanford profes-
sor; day and evenlns sessions. Phelan bldg.
\ HINMAN'S Academy; a thorough school of
dancing; established 20 years. 1412 Polk St..
between Pine and California: both adult and
children's classes are now open for the season.
HEALD'S School of Mines <& Electricity. 24 Post
s:., S. F. : a practical school of engineering:
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday. Sun-
day evps.. Teutonic Hall. Howard st.. near
9th. Prof. Foster; society dancing taught.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. mln.. merh.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. ev. ; est. 1S04 Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
.ST. JOSEPH'S ACADEMY^ Peralta PariT.
Berkeley, boardinp school for boys under 15.
BRO. GENEBERN. Director. «>£
BANJO, mandolin and guitar thoroughly
taught: orchestra practice free to pupils. J.
HOWARD MANSFIELD. 4C2 Geary St.
KENT Law School; day and night; conducted
by practical lawyer. 33rt Porrott b'.dg.
PRIVATE lessons: penmanship and English;
day or nlcht. . 530 Gnld<>n Gate ave.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTIXGTOX'S. 424 Pine at Night class.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar. writing.
etc.; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 102t Mistlon. nr.6th.
KJIPLOV.MEXT OFFICES.
GET your help at PINE JAPANESE EMPLOY^
MENT OFFICE and Houiecleantng Co.. I3.TI
Pine, nr. Jap. M. E. Church; phone Polk 366(5.
GEORGE AOKI, 421 Post st.: tel. Bush I.~»5-l
Japanese-Chinese employment offlce; fur-
nlfh«s begt-help; contracts for farm help, etc
A— ORPHEUM Employment Offlce^ — Jap:mese-
Chlnese help. 420. Powell. Tel. Main 5752.
A — GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. Offlce. 415
Stockton: tel. Grant 1CS; expert, reliable help.
SWEDISH anJ German Female Employment
Offlce, 115 Franklin St.: phone Folsom 2S3G.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main USS.
CHINESE ana Japanese h?lp; estab. 20 yars.
Tel. Matn li»t»7. BRADLEY A- CO.. ««O C^y.
E21PLOY3iEXT WA.VJ'ttD FEMAl.tl.
A POSITION wantrd by two sisters. . one as
gocd n- k. the other for upstairs work, in
Herman cr American family; wages $.75 an-i
*_.".. Box 3015. Call efdee.
A LADY wants ritcation as housekeeper
where »her» ?r. Vhil.ir -n or to take care to-
tal Id. XiZI Eighu-entli st.
COMPETENT.cecli vi<h?> portion in private
faaiilr. city or country. 221S Bush *L
GOVERNESS wi«hes pr.*ltion: thorough, expe-
rienced leac-ntr an! musician; uianu. \01ce
culture. Oenran. Ens>i«h branches, litera-
ture; terras &MJ: references; country pre-
ferred, nox 3er>4, can oifk-*.
RELIABLE telored woman would like general
hous*ivojk with small private family; no
traFhinjr: state wases. Address O. L.. box
2T05 Call.
WANTED — By middle-aged lady, to keep house
lr widower's family: Is fonU of children;
rest nf references. Call at M'J California St..
nat D. ¦
BY » very flret class cook and manager, equal
chef: French and Uerman cooking; pood
housekeeper; uood references. SOMMEIt.
1111 Sutter »t. . ¦ _
YOUNG lady desires position to assist with
books or general office work: has knowledge
of stenography. Bos 27S9 Call.
A". DANISH lady wishes a position in a re.-
epectabie family: only four months from Den.
mark. Box CCOii. Call. ¦
STRONG, reliable woman as janltress, or
would do washing and ironing by the day.
Box 2707. Call of nee.
GIRL wishes position as nursegirl for a child
3 years old; wages $25 month. 125D O'Far-
rell tt., city.
A RESPECTABLE colored waman wishes sit-
uation fn nrlvate family. 127 Second St.;
rrhone Red 4135.
A FIRST-CLASS dressmaker just from th^
1 East would like work by the day. Address
I _ 18 Verona place, city.
WOMAN wants work by the day. 16 Madi-
son ave.
A YOUNG larJy would like some kind of work
at home. Call or address 525 Folsom st.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch OfHce. cor. Duncan & Church sts.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar, (UK? McAllister et.
EMPLOYMENT WA.NTEdHmALE.
WILLING young' man " (25), single: strictly
temperate: well educated and knowinjr • city
.thorovgHy. wishes employment: bandy at
most ¦ anything; pmall wages to commence.
Box 3'21!», Call office.
.V BARBER, scod all-round man, wants' po-
sition in country. Box 2742. Call offlce. .
BARBER, first class, wants extra job; refer-
¦¦: .ences. Address Box 3220, Call office.
AN oM sober German carpenter. wants work
: about a place for zood : home; -small wag:s;
i city or co\intry. Address box 2793, Call.
WINDOW,. trimmer desires permanent position;
proficient In card writing and advertising-.
ACdrt'sa box 3U92. Call office.:
<ss> LITTLE "WANTS" OFTEN
JCWmuMi TTimj-r iir— 11 11 n ¦* 1 ' 1 ¦^^^ J^V ' i^ssflBssHKssBsBBp» > ___a^B
V '. • ' t '
PUT IT DOWN
before you forget It. Now, if you want sorhe one to remember all these
little things for, you and give you better opportunities for managing your
business as it should be managed put a Help Wanted Ad. in The Call. The
cost of the ad. will be small, the cost of the clerk will not be large and
the benefits you v.-ill derive will be enormous.RESIGNATION" OF BURT
XOT DUE TO QUARREL
Union Pacific President Denies Rumor
That He Clashed With E.
, II. Hnrriraan.
OMAHA, Xeb., Jan. 3. — In an inter
view to-day President Burt said:'
'"My resignation as president of the
Union Pacific Railroad .was entirely ot
my. own volition and for purely per
sonal reasons. The statements that
have gone out to the press" to'-the;ef>
feet that I resigned because of*frfctloiT
between E. H. Harriman, chairman of
the board of directors of the Union
Pacific, and myself, are absolutely un
true."
¦ ? '¦ — ¦
Why should woman sigh for greater
privileges than she has? A man can't
marry for a title.— The American
Duchess.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 4,. 1904.
Weather Report.
; <120th Meridian— Psclfle Time.):
SAN FRANCISCO. "Jan. 3— 3*p. rav
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those cf same date last
season, and rainfall In last twenty-four hours:
~~~~ Last This Last
Stations — ' 21 hours." -season.- season-.
Eureka 004 IS. OS 22.00
Red Bluff.. Tr. 12.17 13.31
Sacramento O.OO 4.«S 8.71
San Francisco O.OO 6.05 8.15
Fresno * 0.00 0.90 3.21
Independence 0.00 0.42 0.53
San Luis Oblspo , O.CO ¦ 0.82 S.OO
Los Angeles 0.00 0.43 4-»7
San Diego 000 &-40 ••<»
COAST RECORD.
~a s £ 5 p 5
I if |f 51;I| I
STATION. £ 3_ 5 3 %} ¦ fT •»
r s i • . r i
Baker 30.1ft 2S IB NW Cloudy Tr.
Carson 30.20 42 19 N -Cloudy .CO
Eureka 30.18 32 38 S Cloudy .00
Farallon 3<*.2l 53 62-8 t1oudy .04
Fresno 30.13 5S 40 NW Clear .00
Flagstaff 30. 1« 42 4 E Clear .00
Pocatello 30. IS 30 20 E Snow -02
Point Reyes... 30. 17 54 43 SW Cloudy .00
Independence .W.10 4« 32 SE Clear .w
Los Angeles... 30.06 70 42 SW Clear
Mt Tamalpa!s.30.21 47 40 NW Clear .00
North Head... 23. 98 58 42 SE Cloudy .M
Phoenix 30.04 »S2 3O W Clear .00-
Portland 29. OS 50 ZS S Cloudy .2*
Red Bluff 30.24 48 3« W Rain . Tr.
Roseburg SO.itS SO 34 W Rain ;.I3
Sacramento ...10.22 S2 3« N Cloiidy -t»
Salt Lake 3O.lff 3« 22 BW Cloudy .03
San. Francisco. 30.24 B2 44 NW Pt.Cldy .00
San L. Oblspo.30.12 64 4« N Clear .00
San Diego 30.06 64 46 NW. Ofar . .00
Seattle ::o.ftO 4« 38 SW Cloudy .1*
Spokane 30.00 32 2H 8 Snow . .14
Tatooeh 20.00 4« 4O W Cloudy .23
Walla Walla 28 •••
Winnemucca .30.18 38 ; 12 SW Cloudy .00
Tuma 30.06 66 40 N gear .. .CO
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
— FORECAST.
Cloudy weather prevails over the northern
portion of the Pacific slope and fair over th«
southern. Light rain has fallen along- the coast
from Cape Mendocino northward, wtth light
snow in the Rocky Mountain and plateau- re
gions. " '¦...¦*'
The pressure has fallen rapidly over Oregon.
Washington and Idaho, and risen slightly over
California a*nd Arizona.
A wind velocity of sixty miles per hour, from
the southwest, occurred at the mouth of the
Columbia during tn« day*. \ ¦ •
Tha temperature changes have been slight, in
all districts, j
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. January 4:
Northern California— Probably showers ia
north portion; cloudy In south portion Monday;
light southerly wind.
Southern California — Fair Monday: light w«st
wind.
Nevada — Cloudy Monday; probably snow or
rain In north portion.
San Francisco and vicinjty— Cloudy Monday;
probably showers; light southwest wtnd.
G. H. WILLSON. Local Forecaster*
13
Charles E.. beloved husband of the late
Marietta W. Haseltine. and father of Charles
W.. Louis 'B.. Harriet Ruth and Eben B.
Haseltine and Mrs. William Carr, a native
of Maine, aged SO years S months 7 days.
B_TThe funeral services will be held to-
morrow (Tuesday), at 10:30 o'clock a. ro., at
his late residence. SSO San Jose avenue, be- ¦
tween Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth streets, i
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
HIGGINS— In this ctty. Jannary _, 10M.
Isabelle Frances Higglns. beloved sister of
Mrs. W. B. Malloy. a native of San Fran-
Cisco. . . $&%&
CFriends and acquaintances are respect. '
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morro-'
(Tuesday) January 5. at 8:30 o'clock a. m .
from the residence of Mrs. Malloy. 14 Shot- j
well street, thence to St. Charles' Church,
where a requiem macs will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul, commencing at
9 o'clock a. m. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
OFFICERS and members of Yosemlte Parlor
No. 83 N. D G. XV. — You are hereby noti-
fied to attend the funeral of Bister Belle
Hlgglna, at 8 o'clock sharp, from above ad- •
dress. .MAMIE A. CONN, President.
SUSIE K. CHRIST. Rec. Sec. •
LAWLESS— In this city. January 3. 1904.
Michael Lawless, beloved father of Mrs. •
May Neagle. a native of Ireland, aged 05
years.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow < Tuesday). January 5. at 10
o'clock a. m . at the funeral parlors of
Valente. Marinl * Co.. 152* Stockton
street. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
LILJENBERG— In this city. January X. 1004.
Lillie Kreckman beloved wife of Frank O.
Llljenberg. and sister of Mrs. Edward XV*.
Kern a native of Rochester. N. Y.. aged
37 years 11 months and 4 days. (Rochester
papers please copy.) .
__»* Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Tuesday. January 5. 1904. at 1:30 a'clock.
at her late residence. 664 Hampshire street,
between Eighteenth and Nineteenth. In-
terment Cypress 'Lawn , Cemetery, by car-
riage
LOWRY— In this city. January 1. 1904. Rob-
ert Lowry. a native of Mississippi, aged 40
years.
C7Fiineral services to-day (Monday),
at St Mary's Church (Paullst). where mass
will be offered for the repose of her soul.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MATHER — In this city January 2. 1904. Maud
J., relict o.f William Mather, daughter of
T. H. Organ, and sister of Mrs. Daisy E-
Moore, Mrs. Edele West and Will C. Or-
gan a native of Illinois, aged 38 years.
CTFuneral services to-day (Monday),
at 8:45 o'clock, at the residence of her sis-
ter. Mrs. Daisy E. Moore. 425 Buchanan
street. Interment private.
MUSTO— In this ctty January 3. 1904. Joseph,
beloved husband of Maria Musto. and father
of Clarence. Guido. Margaret, Laura. Flor-
ence. Lotta and Mme. Emilia Tojettl, &
native of the province of Chlavart. Italy,
aged 74 years. • ' ! -^-
ICPlease omit flowers, ¦ . :¦'-, -
PBITCHARD — In this city. January 8. 1904.
James Noel Prltchard. son of Frederick L.
and Ros« L. Prttchard. a native of San
Francisco, aged 1 year and 20 days.
C_r Funeral private.
REBSTOCK— In this city. January 2. 1904.
William, dearly beloved son of Anna M. and
the late AdolDh Rebstock. and devoted
brother of Joseph. Frank, Lrna, K_tl«. Ber-
tha and Alice Rebstock, a native of San
Francisco, aged IS years 3 months and '£
days.
C_TFrlends and acquaintances are resp'ct-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), nt 1<> o'clock, from the residence
of his mother, 1814 Central avenue, between
Pine /ind California street*. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery.
SHEEHAN— In this city. January 2. 1904.
Andrew Sheehan. a native of County Carlow,
Ireland, aged t!3 years.
(£_/¦* riendi! and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday.
January 5 at 8:30 o'clock a. m.. from tha
parlors of Pacific Undertakers, 777 Mission
street, thence to St. Teresa's Church,
where." a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, com-,
mencing at 0:30 a. m. Interment. Holy
Cross Cemetery.
A. O. H.. Division No. 2— Officers and mem-
bers of this division are hereby notified to
attend the funeral of our late brother.
Andrew Sheehan to-morrow (Tuesday), at
" 8:30 a. m.. from the Pacific Undertakers.
777.. Mission street Of fleers and members of
sister divisions cordially Invited to attend.
JAMES SMITH. President.
M. DOLAN. Secretary.
STUDLEY— In Chicago. December 30. 1903.
Rev. Geof-t Howard Studley. dearly be-
loved husband of Alta C. Studley, father of
George M.. Alta C. and Hlllman Q. Stud-
ley. son of Geor.e W. and Abbla A. Studley.
and brother of Ruby W. Studley. a native of
California, ' aged 29 years 10. months and 5
days. •;¦-'¦ -vv
CTNotlce of funeral hereafter. ;-V_,j
SMART— In this city. January 2. 1904. Rob-
ert. dearly .beloved husband of Taroar Smart.
and loving father of Mildred -T. Smart, a
native of Wetsdale. Shetland Islands, aged
36 years 10 months and 14 days.
(E_"*Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-mor-
row (Tuesday), at 10:16 a. m... from the
parlors of Craig, Cochran & Co.. 429 Golden
Gate avenue, between Polk and Larkln
streets. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
• by 11:30 train from Third and Townsend
streets.
SWANN— In this city. January 3. 19O4. Xmelia
' A. Swann. beloved mother of Josephine
Broadie and grandmother of Maude Single-
ton and Kate Peppers, a native of Mary-
land, aged S5 years.
THALER— In this city. January 2. 1004.
Olivia Fannie, beloved wife of Gustav Tha-
ler Of Oakland, daughter of George and
Olivia Stewart, and sister of Edward.
George Charles. Thomas and Belle Stew-
art, a native of New York.
C_TFuneral services at 2 o'clock to-day
(Monday), at the residence of her mother,
4078 Eighteenth street.
TRACY — A month's mind requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of th* soul of
the late John Joseph Tracy at St. Charles
Church, corner Elehteenth and Shotwell
streets, on Monday. January 4. at 9 o'clock.
Friends and acquaintances are respectfully
requested to attend.
TROY— In City and County Hospital. January
3. 1904. William Troy, a native of Ireland,
aged 63 years.
TUNNELL— In this city. January 2. 1904.
James M. Tnnnell. beloved son of the late
M. L. and Salina Tunnell. and beloved
brother or Mrs. T. C. Sedgwick of San
Francisco and" John, Henry,. George. Martin,
Thomas, Frank and William Tunnell and Mrs.
William Hobson of Santa Barbara County.
California, a of California, aged 48
years 11 months 13 days. (Santa Barbara
papers please copy.> --• , •-¦.
E_""Rem:iins will be shipped Tuesday morn-
Ing by t>:_0 o'clock train <from Third and
Townsend ' streets) to Santa Maria, Santa
Barbara County. California, for Interment.
. Remains at the parlors of Gantner Bros..
12C9 Mission street, between Eighth and
Ninth.
WHITE— In this city. January 3. 1904. Annie,
beloved mjtber of William F. White.* and
- grandmother of Irene and Milton White, a
native of Londonderry . Ireland, aged 78
years and 10 days. .
C_r*>riencla anu acquaintance* are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-mOr-
row (Tuesday), at S:30 o'clock a. ro.. from
the parlors of Carew &. English. 29 Van
Ness avenue, thence to St. Mary's Cathedral,
where . a requiem mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul, commencing at
0 o'clock." Interment Holy Cross Cemetery,
by electric funeral car from Eighteenth and
Guerrero streets. . .
Mare Island aad Vallejo Steamer*,
Steamer GEN. FRISBIE or MONT1CELLO—
9:43 a. m.. 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sunday.
(Sunday, »:45 a. m.v 8:30 p. m. -: Leave Vallejo.
7 a. m.. 12:30 and 6 p. m./ex. Sunday. Sun-
day. 7 a. ni.. 4:15 p. m. • Fare, 50 cents. Tel.
Main 1303. Pitr 2. Misslon-st.. dock. HATCH
BROS. . '¦ > . •-,'"•:¦
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL — Offlce and residence.
1021 "4 Market St.. bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.-, r
DR. M. MATSUDA has returned from Orient.
Now at SE. corner Geary and Taylor ets.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073 V, Market St..
REMOVED — DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past, four years at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at 667 Geary st.. near Leavenworth.
DR. PONG PO CHY. successor to Dr. Li Po
Tal, , herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
WONG WOO. the famous herb't doctor — All dls-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 740-8 Clay st.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
NOTICE— The secretary of the San Francisco
Protestant Orphan Asylum Society herewith
gives notice that the following orphan and
half-orphan girls and boys have been ad-
mitted to the asylum on Halght st. from July
1. 1903, to January 1, 1004: Josephine ¦!.
Johnson," aged 7 yrs.; Meta G. Johnson. 5
yrs ; "Florence Willlston, 5 yrs.; Ruth G.
E-rtee. f» yrs.; Ora M. White. 0 yrs.; Martha
Gossel, 3 yrs.; Fajiny Ambler, 11 yrs.; Laura
Ambler. 0 yrs.: Helen Getts. 7 yrs.: Eva
Daniels, 2 yrs.; Ensulee Mlnlngham, 7 yrs.;
Katie L Schmidt, 5 yrs.: Ell(ab*th A. Hll-
berg. 3 yr».; William Campbell, 10 yrs.;
Cyril C. Wtlllston, 7 yrs.; Edgar J. Magers.
3 yrs. and 8 mos.: Herman Llndensr. 4 yrs.
and 0 mos.; James R. I. Davis. 6 yrs. :.WH-
llam L. Estee, 8 yrs.; Wlllard E. Estee. 3
j-rs : Gustave Deffenbacker,' rt yrs. ; William
Reed. 10 yrs.: Frank Reed. S yrs.; Norman
L. Abbate, 7 yr«. »
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES-
A^S^POrU~UM^Sto7agT& Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard St.. nr. Third: phone Grant 161.*
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
flce Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Prive. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'S storage^ — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave.; phone East 126.
GOLDEN West Btora-e; advances made: 840
Mission et.; tel. Howard f>41. F. W. Zthfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore st. ; phone Jackson 2S1.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
St.: tel. Main 1S40. Shipping at cut rates.
STUTTEItlXC AXD gTAMMEUWO.
MELBOURNE School. Van Ness-Market— Cure
In every case; Individual teaching; no medi-
cine. Inqutre Into wonderful cures; home cure.
_ TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLI ES._
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No. 1
Smith Premier. $25: other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 50. The
Typewriter^ Exchange. 5.16 California st.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; pet par-
ticulars of L. & M. ALEXANDER, 110 Mont,
gomery st.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriting Inspec. Co., 508 Market.
- BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATH&
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will pot be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and bt
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sona authorized to have the same published.
Notice restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once in this column
free of charge.
BURKE— In this city, December 21. 1003, to
the wife of William J. Burke, a son.
LEVISON— In this city. January 8, 1804. to
the wife of L. O. -Levlson. a eon. •
LUNA — In this city. January 3, 1904, to the
wife of R. Luna, a daughter. *
~~ MARRIED.
WESTOBY— McCLENDON— In this city. Janu-
ary '4, 1004. by the Rev. Dr. John A. B.
• Wilson. John E. Westoby and Abble M. Mc-
Clendon. both of San Francisco.
~~~~ DIED. — ~
Blake. Julia A... .. - Musto. Joseph ,,....
Brady. Mary ... ' • Pritchard, Ja's. N^
Brunner, R. B. I Rebstock. William .
Daneri. Bartolomeo • Sheehan. Andrew
Fahey. Annie Studley, Rev. Qeo. H.
Gallagher, Sarah J. Smart, Robert
Goldstone, Percy Swann. Amelia A.
Haseltine. Charles E. Thaler.-Ollvta F.
Higglns, Ieabelle F. Tracy; John J. ,
Lawless Michael Troy; William
LHJenberg. Llllle K. Tunnell, James M.
Lowry. Robert White. Annie
Mather, Maud J. " ' ¦,"¦ •".'•
BLAKE— In this city. January 1, 1004. Julia
Ann Blake, beloved wife of the late Thomas
B. Blake (form*r cw ner of the Globe Iron
Works of Stockton), an«i beloved mother of
Mrs. W. W. Glanvllle and William H. and
Charles T. Blake, a native of Charleston,
South Carolina, aged 55 years U months and
28 days. A member of Redwood Circle No.
72, XV. of W., and Amity Rebekah Lodge
No. 161. I. O. O. F. (Stockton. Cal.. papers
please copy.) ' • •
"t_"*Frlend-i and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Tuesday. January 5. 1004. at 6:30 o'clock
p. m.. at the parlors of Gantner Bros.. 1200
Mission street, between Eighth and Ninth,
under the auspices of Redwood Circle No.
72. W. of W.'- .Interment Sacramento.
BRADY — In this city. January 3. 1IHV4. Mary.
beloved wife of Philip Brady, and devoted
mother of Joseph Fedlmanrr and Waldo Pool
and Mrs.- William O'Kane, a native of
Bandon. County Cork. Ireland. a_ed 53 years
5 months 16 days.
lE_"*Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:30 a. m.. from her late
residence.. 1134*4 Folsom street, thence, to
St. Joseph's Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 9 a. m. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery. . Please omit
flowers. • . :• . . ¦ .
BRUNNER-'-In.- llaywards. January 1. 1301.
. R. . B. Brenner, beloved father of Cary
Brunner. a native of Petaluma; aged 39
years.
K_**Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Monday,
January 4. at Uklah.
DANERI — In this city. January 3. 1004.
Bartolomeo Danert. beloved husband of Anna
Daneri. .a native of Genoa. Italy, aged 75
years.
CTFuneral win take place Tuesday. 5th
Inst.. at 10 o" clock a. m.. from his late'
residence. 23 Scott place, pff Broadway, be-
tween Powell and Mason streets, thence to
Sts. Peter and Paul's Italian Church, where
a 'requiem high mass will be celebrated for
' the repose of his soul, commencing at 10:30
a. m. - • ¦
FAHCY-In this city. January 1. 100*. Annie,
beloved w'fe of Michael Fahey, beloved
mother of Mrs. George Debus. Mrs. F.- Mack,
Mrs. W. Buchanan, Mrs. T. Ahearn and
John, Janus and Teresa Fahey, and sister
of Catherine Rosephaum, aged 76 years and
0 d*ys.
C3"Fr1endf« and acquaintances are resp-cl-
fully^ Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at U o'clock, from her late r. e»-
dence. 423 Waller street, near Stelner.
: thenc© to Sacred Heart Church, where a
requiem hl_h macs will be celebrated for
the renose.of her soul, commencing at 0:S0
' o'clock. Intenr.^nt Holv Cross Cemetery.
GALLAGHER— In this city. January 1. 1804.
Sarah J. Gallacher. beloved mother of WU-,
' llara Gallagher. Mrs. Jennie Brunswick. Mrs.
Chris Rees* t and the late Oeorgo W. Gal-
lagher; a native ot Bangor, Me., ag*d 67
! years* and 0 months.
"CVFnends and acquaintances arc reap*ct-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), nt »:45 o'clock, from the parlore
of Carew & English. 29 Van Ness av«nue.
thence to Pacred Heart Church, where a
requiem high raa»-- will be .celebrated for
the reD«*e of. her soul, commencing at 10:15
* o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Csmetery.
GOLDSTONE— In this city. January 2. 1004.
Percy, beloved husband of Marie Goldstone,
beloved son of Samuel and Sarah J. Gold-
stone, and beloved brother' of Louis and
Edwin M. Goldstone. a native of San> Fran.
•• cisoo. aged 33 years and 7 months. (New
York papers please copy.) - v =. *. '
ETFrieifds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited v to attend tht> funeral to-day
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of. his > parents. 2207 Fulton street. ' between
Shrader and Stanyan. Inftrment Hills of
Eternity ¦ Cemetery, by electric car from
Eighteenth an<J Guerrero streets.
HASELTINE— In this city. January 3. 1004.
Wfe Dr.R.I..Walsh
JyMn&S. hss restmsl d»_'»". -rwioa
i • ¦ '•¦*¦** ¦*¦* •* tBir 'Qw
mr 847 Geary St
a Elrsety sppoilU _*-_;tg» H&!1
Reduced Rates for Thirty Days
Painless Extraction . ... .23c
Fillings . . ... . . .' . ... 50c
; .V Crowns . . . . . . $2.00 to $5.00 ?
Plate Work ... $5.00 ' to $25.00
fcOOS I OS THIS Att XACB OIEXS DAI..
R0OMS^ORJHCJU£EKEEPn«G.
FOLSOM. 830 — Parlor floor furnished for house-
keeplng; sunny; single;- 51 per •week/
GEARY. 1002 — Nicely furnished sunny rooms,
en suite or' single; housekeeping privileges;
running water; gas; reasonable.
HYDE, 414 — 2 nicely furnished basement
rooms In rear; housekeeping; yard; SIS; also
single room.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pine at.,
nefcr Hyde— Sunny 3-room furnished suites;
steam heat: . electric lighted; free baths;
rates $30 up.
MODEL House. 1200 Stockton — Newly furnished
rooms. (5-S12; gas, bath, phone.
NINETEENTH, 3429^-3 sunny well-furnished
rooms for housekeeping; rent $25.
NINETEENTH. 3430, bet. Mission and Va-
lencia — 3 nicely furnished sunny rooms, front
bay window, parlor, back parlor and large
kitchen: well furnished; coal and gas ranges;
rent cheap to permanent people.
OAK. 38 — * sunny unfurnished housekeeping
¦ rooms. $i5; adults.
POLK. 1020. near Geary— Neatly furnished
front housekeeping rocms: reasonable.
SUTTER. 2t!20 — FurnlEhed bedroom, dining-
rcorn. kitchen, yard, bath: use parlor. '¦
APARTMENT HOUSES.
""•^ '^vlfoNTCLAIR APARTMENTS?* "
Corner Pine snd Taylor sts.: beautiful new
modern apartments; all sunny corner suites;
furnUhed or unfurnished; none superior; ma-
rine view. LYON & HOAG. 118 Montgomery.
_^__ _ ABLES^
Cor. Clay and Larkln sts.— Modern 3-4-5-room
up-to-date apartments; furnished or unfur-
nished; all latest conveniences; reservations
ean be made on premises, 1 to 4; terms reas.
TO lease — Beautiful apartment nouse: Just
cnmpl-ted: SO rooms, baths.' etc.; grand loca-
tion; -ostly finish; fine business proposition;
rent very low. SHAIN'WALD. BUCKBEB
& CO.. 218-220 Montgomery at. -; ; :
ET. CECILE, 115 Fell St.. above Van Ness— The
acme of perfection in modern, elegantly fur-
nished B-room apartments; private bath?.,
steam heat. dec. lights, elevator, gas ranges.
StT LOUIS. 1575 Jackson St.— Modern 3-4-5
rooms, also sjngle; furnished or unfurnished;
marine view; now open; references.
AUOUSTINE. 045 Post— 3 and 4 rooms; fur-
nished new and unto date.
HADDON HALL.
051 EDDY ST. REFERENCES.
ROOMS TO LET — Furn. nnd Unfnrn.
AURORA, corner Second and. Folsom sts. — New
house, new furniture; every room outside;
modern and sunny; prices from $1 60 per
week up; this Is the only up-to-date house In
this vicinity: flrst-class grill attached. .
A— BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth st.— Rooms
25c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
ABERDEEN. 830 Sutter— Just opened; hand-
somely fur.; cor. suites; bath; sun all day;
fine view; single rma.; tourists; excl. location.
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth st.)— Rooms. 25c, 50c. |l. $1 50 night;
$1 50 to $10 week; house open all night.
AT the Plerpont, 450 Ellis— Newly furnished
rms. : elevator; hot & cold water; transient.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur T
nlshed rooms, eulte. single; also unfurnished.
BUSH, SOC — Single rooms, private family, for
gentlemen with best references; no sign.
CALIFORNIA. 2304, bet. Webster .and FlTu
more — Good room; grate: bath adjoining; $8.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, corner Mason — Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reachable.
FILLMORE, 028. near McAllister St.— Nicely
¦furnished room In * fine locality; car line
passes the door: reasonable.
FOURTH. 4T5 (first floor) — Nicely furnished
room In private, family; rent reasonable.
FRANKLIN, 721, near Golden Gate ave. —
Sunny furnished front room; all conven-
iences; suitable for two. '
FULTON, 1C05 — Front room; furnished^
GRAND Southern, "th and Mission — Rooms 50c
to $1 50 night; -$1 to $3 week; reading-room.
LARCHMONT. 3C1 .Sutter— Sunny rooms: elec-
tric lights; elevator; central; transient.
MCALLISTER, 1SO2— Large' sunny pleasant
furnished --oom for gentleman. " ,
POWELL. 317 — Sunny front suite' for doctor or
de.itlst; also other furnished , rooms.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis — Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms per night. 35c- to $150; week;' $2
to $8; month. $Sto $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; -baths.
ST. JAMES. McAllister and Laguna— A sunny
furnished single room; rent $7.
BUTTER. 1022V4. near Hyde — Large sunny
double parlors, with kltch.. :aboratory: reas.
THE FREMONT. 1864 MARKET ST.— Strictly
flrst-class elegantly furn. rooming hotel.
Tel. South'1133. Capt. H. O. Ulbtrg, Prop. :
TURK, 200, corner Jones— Nicely burnished
sunny room. -.
TURK, 1218 — Furnished, room, with" use of
kitchen If desired; also single front room.
UNITED STATES. 12.1 Eddy, near Market-^tOO
rooms. ."Me to $1 night, $1 75 to $6 week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water In- every
room; elevatcr. read. -room; free bus; baggage.
VAN NESS. 610 — Handsome sunny furnished
suites and single rooms; all conveniences.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. near Market —
Most convenient nnd respectable: 700 rooms:
35c to $150 night; $2 to- $9 week; elevator;
elfc. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
WOLF Hours. 202 Sixth— Electric light lo,
every room; room from 15c to $1 per night,
75c to $5 per week; open all night.:
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Churc'a sts.
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for the reception
of. kdvertlsements and subscriptions has been
opened at 100S Market St., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m. .
ROOMS AND BOARD.
A^"^^~^^^H^T^lT^^lTIMOREr^
VAN NESS AVE.. NEAU GEARY ST.
AMERICAN PLAN.
PHONE PRIVATE EXCHANGE 706.
SELECT FIRBT-CLASS FAMILY HOTEL.
HOT AND COLD OCEAN WATER.
SPECIAL RATES BY THE MONTH.
HUNGER 'A ZEBERG. PROPRIETORS.
A-. HOTEL HATTON
SE. COR. PINE AND TAYLOR
Thli 1 new and rustic constructed hotel Is elt-
. uated In the city's, swellest quarter and will
be handsomely furnished throughout with all
the very latest -conveniences; 1 Is now open for
occupancy; reservations can now be made on
piemlses daily.
a the'dresden — . —
select family boarding-house. 1442
FULTON, BET_BRODERICK AND BAKER.
CALIFORNIA. .1246— Most select location In
modern, elegantly furnished private home;
table unsurpassed; marine view.
HOTEL MARTINET. Geary St. and Van ' Itess
ave.. has changed hands: hereafter conducted
flret-class family hotel; table board specialty.
A typewriter at any price; agents Fay-Sholes,
$100: Sun, $40: Commercial. $35: Postal, $25
CUNNINGHAM. CURTISS A WELCH.
FURNISHED rooms with board. 740 Ellis st
THE NIRA. 615 Taylor— Nicely furnished, sun-
ny suites; alto single; excellent table.
NEWPORT, 101S Pine, near Taylor— Large sun-
ny room; also single room; excellent table. '
Stevenson mansion. 807 California— Fine rooms;
new chefs; colored service; table specialty.
O'FARRELL. 3CS — Furnished : rooms; home
cooking: German family; Sfl per week.
. LEG A L ADVERTISEMENTS. ', . '
CENTRAL PACIFIC RAILWAY COMPANY
FIRST REEUNDING MORTGAGE BONDS—
Notice is hereby given that, 'pursuant to the
provision of article, eight of the mortgage
from this company tothe Central Trust Com-
pany Of New York, < trustee, dated August 1.
1S09. this company has set apart out of the
net Income derived by it from the lines df
railroad therein mortgaged the sum of twen- 1
ty-flve thousand dollars In trust to be used
to redeem .said, bonds.-- and -that bonds Issued
under said mortgage will be redeemed there-
with and bids are hereby Invited for the sur-
render of such bonds at prices to be named by
the bidders, to the amount requisite to ex-
toaut-t said' sum. / Such bids 'should be pre-
eented to this company at its office. 120
Broadway. In the city of New York, on or
before the 1st day of February. 1004,- at 12
o'clock noon, and , should bo indorsed "Bids
for Surrender of' Central- Pacific Railway
Company First Refunding Bonds." -
CENTRAL PACIFIC RAILWAY COMPANY.
• -. By E. H. HARRIMAN. President
New York. January 2. 1004. •
SEW ITVG , MACHIXES, ASP SUPPLIES
SEWINO- machines— Second band. S3, $5, $8:
-slightly used. $10. $15.' $20; rents at cut rates.'
New Home Sewing Machine Co., 1051 Market.
¦ r - . * - . i .
¦REL,!* \V A \THT> — M A LE-rCon tl w ned.
A— rACIFl^nb'PLOYMENT AGENCY. "
f.2rt Sacramento st- — 020.
Phone Main 1181—1191 Main, r»hon«.
NOTICE OF REMOVAL.
On account of cur business growing so large
--e are forced to move to new and larger quar-
ters. From January 5 on we will be located at
M6 MONTGOMERY ST.— 526.
Vrftairs. First floor. Corner Clay st.
Coal miser? — Oregon, New Mexico. Chlco.
Butte County: half fare; IS two and four horse
Teamrterp f2 2S and f2 50 day: 5 laborers.
cbeap'fare ?2 C": 1O Swedish or German -vocxi-
c hoppers, big Job. tl RO c^rd; 6 farmers: cook.
I5^ PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
TRY our wen's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 rair; foot-frrm fhoes rst $2 50; we pay
express or rr.aU charges. 11 3d st.. Exam, bid.
TVAVTFD — fmall boy with wheel; neat a.p-
pearanee. Room 61. Delger building. Oakland.
AT once, two high-grade canvassers for maga-
line work. 59 Columbian b!3g. : city.
MUSICIANS to Join military band. 32S Bush
ft., third floor, room 4. .___
MEX to learn barber trade. San Francisco
Barber College. 741A Howard ft.
SEOIKX for Australia and Europe: »1" preen
!uui<3s for Thaliag.y HgRMAya. « Ea-t t.
PENSION *tty^ E.' A- BoHU. room 4<\ VM*n
Kidp, Past Com. Geo. H. Thcnms Poft, OAK.
MrrKlNALD^PEKRT have a large Mock of
new and wcond-hand ehoe*: cheap. -33 -id st.
Tri NCHESvT ER "Hotel 44 Third st.. near Mar-
k«.t— "Oft rooms: 3.V: nlpht: reading moras;
*r»e 'bus and baggage to an«3 from ferry.
A BRANCH office of The rail for the reception
r.f BdverUserr.entF and subscriptions has been
orened at 1<«'V Markrt St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
ALL sizes m'-n-s *=hoos. fUshtly damaged, half
price, r^.1 Mission si^ bet> l*t and 2d cts. h
GET your *h^es~r.alf soled while -raiting: 25c
to W)c. Ml Mission ft., bet. 1st *md 2d sts.
HORSES A>'D WACOXS.
PAIR hoT*e»: 4 and "> years old; bays: per-
fectly matched; well broken; gentle. Box
•gir.. Call office.
BLM'K mare, %2T>; old mare, $10; milk -vagon,
$60: red. wagon. H*"*. 79 City Hall ave.
Al EXPRESS wagon. light camping wagon
srd go-cart for tale cheap. R32 Mission st.
FOR tale — Kir.e clsss-fmnt coupe, with har-
r.ees corr-r.;ete. 1011 Putter ft.
FOR sal*— Handsome trap, cheap. Box 3759.
.Call office.
largest aspifrtmt 2-hr.nd wagons, buckb'd, sur-
rey.haraeCT. work. driving horses. l.ith-Valencla.
HOUSES TO LET.
it— PRINTED list of houses to let; send for cir-
cu'.ar. G.H.UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A—HOUSES and fiats to let; an Immense list;
pen-ice absolutely free; tak* advantage of
this department; It will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-259 Geary
•t.. en the square.
BEFORE movirg get our printed list of houses
to let. BALDWIN & HOWELL, 25 Post st.
HOISES TO LET FIRMSHED.
COMPLETELY furnished house of 6 rooms and
bath; Oak Ft., near Fillmore; rent cheap.
Applr t_0 Oak tx
LOST AXD FOC.VD.
ZjOS-T — A pass book with the Hibernia Sav-
ings and Loan Society of S?an Francisco in
the name of ELIZABETH G. BERRY. No.
260-«l3. The Cr.der will please return to
tank. «
LOST— Lady's gold watch, with initials "H.
A..' 1 Haiicht-st. car, Saturday morning:
r.-.-; ; .,h. cf deceased alyter. Return to 2*}5
Ijiusfiai ave., between Fillmore and Stelner.
h<-y>a.-d.
X/-iPT — On E".!is- street car. Saturday evenirg.
wooden box containing engraver's tools. Re-
turn to or notify BALDWIN JEWELRY CO.;
reward. -
t/WT — PV>x terrier, female, b!«ck and white .
: ¦ ¦-- ¦ *.::.»..-. ;,:i- -i ..; ¦ reward it returned lo
r.\IOK POIIKRTY. I— loerial SaJoon. r-oweil
_rui Eddy tts.
LOST— A passbook with the inbernla Pavings
and Loan Fnriety of San Francisco In the
-a-ne of LoriS C. MAYER. No. 263,028.
The f.nflf-r will please return to bank. ,
LOFT — Brown fox boa at Sausalito ferr y about
8:30 Saturday nis-ht. Finder please return
to S30 Green street; suitable reward. ¦
LOST — 2 black and 1 red cow. Please Inform
JOE KENNEL. Six-mile House. San Bruno
read.
FOUND— Silver watch. Powell end Market. In-
quire Police Station, pay charges and receive
samoi.
MEDICAL.
MRS. PR. WYETH, socialist for all female
complaints ; Instant relief guaranteed; 30
years' experience; removed to 626 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities; Instant re-
lief ruaranteed. lOOSVi Market rt.. opp. 5th.
\ DR. G. VI*. ODOXNELL — All who are Kick or
In trouble consult this specialist ca female
complaint*; positively corrected; the unfortu-
' rate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
aivice free. Office. 101S Market st.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
positively cured; new method: 1 week's treat-
ment free. Dr. Cottinrhaxn, 2O4 Eutter St.
Drs. Goodwin. 733 Turk. nr. Van Ness — Expert
in obstetrics. femsJe complaints; inst. relief:
treatment $30; hours, 10 to 5; 25 years' exper.
MRS D. ALLEN, 1US Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist ; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
r>R ROSEN resides 2395 Fclscm st-. corner
26th; ladies, relief or no fee; $10.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method cf treatment; 1126 Market st_
DR. NG TOY KEE. 319 Powell St.. opposite
Union Square: all diseases cured by herbs.
H mi»o;li.a.m:ous — fur sale.
BOILEP.?. engines. _d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOi-H & WOLPMAN. 135-197 Fremont et.
TRY ASBESTOb roof paint and be convinced
that it Is the only paint that will stop all
leaks In any roof, either metal or shingle; it
!e eJso the best preservative paint for all new
metaJ and fh'.r.gie roofs, and makes the roof
lsst over, twice ftiS lone than calnted W"!th
any other paints; !t has r.o «<jual. Office. 419
California St.. room 21; telephone James 5716.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair !t with tlaterite; in rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good over old
iron, tin or shir.rl"" 1 ; be«t for new roofs.
ELATER1TE ROOFING CO., 713 Market et.
2D-HAND machinery, boilers, er.glnes. pumps,
pulleys, chatting, etc.. etc. bought, told,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H S. WHITE MCHY CO.. 130-132 Beale St.
TOR *a!e — One turt'.r.e. D Laval separator
with 4 H. P. boiler; — -«l separate 1TU0 lb».
per hour; In 'ufce only three months. Box
36.TS. Call office.
A— Fine euits. $7 50; dresjt pant*. $2 50. Origi-
nal Misfit Clothing Parlors. 238 Kearny st..
r.e&r Rush; open to 9 p. m., Sur.day to noon.
A — Buys. •¦»::«. ot rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting. ' pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW, 253-255 Spesr st-
Tl PK WRITERS/ slightly used, sold at cost;
new Underwood visible I typewriter catalog
•er.t free. R. E. RevaJk & Co., San Francisco.
TRT our men's shoes at SI and SI 50 pair;
foot-form Fhoes at 12 50: we pay exprer-
charprt,. M 3d rt.. Exam. bid., catalog fr-e.
A LTERATION rale — Best (2 60 i»ats. $1 50.
Popular Price Hatter, 330 Kearny St., near
Ptse: open to 9 p. m.; Sundays to noon.
FOR sale — r;rcoi=xy counter aod barroom ftx-
turet. ,4T:i2 California ft.
SAILING ark for f.ehiny and bunting. 22»
Bush *v. th!rd Cocr. room t
EOME good weend-hard ra*ol!ne engines." l.to '
12 H. P cheap. E. B. Beck & Co.. 122 Mkt,
, FINE -far-, automobile: flrst-ciaES running or-
" p r- W. V., 52o Lyon it.. San Francisco.
i ELOT rr.acfcines cheap; Cblcaroes. Twentieth
Q-atsrle.. i'ucks BACIGALUPI. 033 Market.
DESKS iM safe*; see the complete line at 1S1«
Market, sb. Van Ness. RICHARDSON BROS.
SAFES— New »nd second-hand" THE HER^
MANN SAFE CO.. S07 Battery «.
NEW and te<*o:id-hand machinery of all kinds.
. KROGH MFG. CO., Cl. Market rt. • . '
MOVING picture*, magic lanterns. esJe. rental;
bargain* Buiiard A- Breck. Ul Post at.
MILES of rip* and fittings: all eiies. EU-
GENE RILEY & SONS. 109 Val'.ejo st.
SAFES— New axd second-hand. E. B. BECK
& CO.. VJ2 Market et.
All" bargains; carr ;p ftooIs and <-ha!rs;hsmrr jocks.
' meta] beds.— lattresses. J.F.Hotter.712MJsslon. i
REAL ESTATE-~CITY — FOR SA*LE.
J.-.500 — COR. store. Hat. cottage, wtth stock of
groceries and bar. • /
<C500 — 2 new flats. S and 6 r. and b. on Dor-
land st.; rents $62 60 per month.
D. COFFIN & CO.. 3303 Mission st.
CALIFORNIA House Wrecking Co. pays th«
highest price for buildings and will wre.ck
the largest building completely within 10
days. Northwest corner Mission and Tenth
sts., office and yard.
BUILD on your unimproved realty; we loan
full cost Improv. and part lot at fl per cent.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building.
CHIMNEY tcrs set ud. roofs repaired by
Ahlbach &. Mayer, plumbers. S36 Howard st.
LOTS. N or B side of Golden Gate Park, pur-
chased by W. J. GUNN. 630 California st.
REAIi ESTATE — Country — For Sale.
71S ACPES near Mayfleld. 11 miles from Ban
Jose: 1U0 acres full bearing prunes; large
vineyard: all good land; water piped every-
where; Immense concrete reservoirs; fine
houses, stables, barns, etc.; fenced In 5 fields;
cost $160,000; price $50,000. THORN'E &
KILPATRICK. 312 Bush St.. San Francisco.
$10 A MONTH buys a 10-acre farm! —
$200 profit per annum per acre..
Write for booklet. It's free. t!03 J st.
WRIGHT & KIMBROUGH. Sacramento. Cal.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards: Inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 648
Market st. _
SONOMA and Santa Clara farms, orchards, al-
falfa, grape, grain and poultry farms. PE-
_ TERSEN REALTY CO.. 1035 Market st.
LAND in San Joaquln ' for rent; . will sell
vhe^p. Owner, 454 Thirty-fourth St., Oakland.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, ltf pages, eent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
JPQJXT RICHMOMl i REAI, ESTATE.
.WATER front lots and bargains: all tracts;
maps, photos, etc. BELL. 417 Parrott bldg.
4 LOTS cheap for cash. 32S Bush St.. room
4. third floor.
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'M'NTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
SNAP — Modern, up-to-date 6-room nous*: large
lot., all fenced; close to station, street cars,
school, church and etoree; fine neighborhood:
price $2500: terms, $250 cash, balance $20
monthly; oren Sundays. O. A. RUDOLPH,
Lorln elation.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND ROOMS TO LET.
MONTANA 'House. 320 Eighth st.: sunny
ml teg and single rooms for housekeeping
OAKLAND FURNITURE: KOR SALE*.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furni-
ture. H. Schellhaas. llth st..cor.store,OaklanJ.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE — CALIFORNIA SAFE
DEPOSIT AXD TKUST COMPANY, corner
California and Montgomery sis.. For the
Eix months ending December 31. 1903. divi-
dends have been declared on deposits la the
tavings department cf this company, as fol-
lows: On term deposits at the rats ot
8 6-10 per cent per annum, and on ordinary
deposits at the rate of 3 per cent per an-
um, free of taxf s. and payable on and after
Saturday. January 2. 1904. Dividends un-
called for are added to th* principal after
January 1. 1904. J. DALZBLL BROWN.
Manager.
SAN FRANXISCO and Suburban Home Build-
ing Society. 5th floor, Mutual Savings Bank
building, 70S Market st., opposite Third —
For the half-year ending 31st ot December.
1903. a dividend has been declared at the
rate per annum of (12) twelve per cent on
capital stock and participating certificates,
free of taxes, payable on and after SATUR-
DAY. January 2, 1I»O4. JOSEPH A. LEON-
ARD, Manager. HUGH CRAIG, Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice — The Giant Powder Com-
pany, Con.: A dividend. No. 61. of fifty
cents (50c) per share on the Issued' capital
stock of the company has been declared, payr
able at the office of the company, rooms 202,
204 and 20C Hayivard building, San Fran-
cisco, on January 11, 1904; transfer books
close, Jan. 4, at noon. C. C. QUINN, Sec.
OFFJCE of the Hibernia Savings and Loan
Society, corner Market, McAllister and Jones
sts. — San Francisco, December 28, 1&03. — At
a recular meetlns of the board of directors
of this society, held this day. a dividend has
been declared at the rate of three- and one-
fourth (3H) cer cent per annum on all de-
posits for the six months ending- December
31. 1903. free from all taxes and payable on
and arter January 2, 1904.
ROBERT J. TOBIN. Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice — Savings and Loan Society.
101 Montgomery St.. corner Sutter. has de-
clared a dividend for the term ending Decem-
ber 31, 1903. at the rate of three and one-
quarter (3Vi) per cent per annum on all do-
posits, free of taxes, and payable on and af-
ter January 2, 1904.
(Signed) CYRUS W. CARMAKY, Cashier.
DIVIDEND Notice — The German Savings and
Loan Society. 626 California st. — For the half
year ending with December 31. 1003. a divi-
dend has been declared- at the rate of three
and one-quarter (3V4) per cent per annum on
s.11 deposits, free of taxes, payable on and af-
ter Saturday. January 2. 1904.
GEOPvGE TOURNY. Secretary.
A DIVIDEND In liquidation of 8 per cent on
nil depcslts has been declared by the Cali-
fornia. Savings and Loan Society, payable
on and after Saturday. Jan. 2 11)04. at the
office of the society, Mills building second
floor, room 28. San Francisco. Cal. CHAS.
D. FARQUHARSO.V. Secretary.
FRENCH SAVINGS BANK— For the half year
ending December 31, 1003. a dividend has
been declared at the rate of. three and one-
eighth (3V4) per cent per annum on deposits,
payable on or after Saturday. January '£,
1904. LEON BOCQUERAZ. Secretary.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS^ '. : '
FOR
PAPER FOR THE PUBLIC PRINTING
AND BINDING.
SEALED PROPOSALS will be received until
January 14. 1904. at J : :30 o'clock a. m., for
furnishing the PAPER for the PUBLIC
PRINTING and BINDING for the year ending
28th of February. 1005, the said proposals to be
opened before and the award of contracts to be
.made by the Joint Committee of Congress on
Public Printing to the lowest and best bidder
for the Interest of the Government, the commit-
tee reserving to Itself the right tc reject any
and all bids, as Its Judgment of the best Inter-
ests of the Government may dictate.-
Detailed schedules of the description, quan-
tity and quality of the paper required, accom-
panied by samples and blank proposals, and
giving the regulations with which bidders must
comply, can be obtained by addressing F. W. ,
Palmer. Public Printer, Washington, D. C.
The contracts will be entered Into for supply-
Ing such quantities of paper as may be needed
during the year, and no nvre.
The estimated quantities set forth In detail In
Of schedule comprise:
90,000 reams machine-finish printing paper,
24 x 38.
20.000 reams machine-finish printing paper,
38 x 48.
36,600 reams sized and super - calendered
- . white or tinted printing paper, vnrl-
ous size;.
• 400 reams antique machine-finish printing
paper.
32, GOO reams white writing paper, various
sizes and weights.
3,800 reams colored writing paper, various
sizes and weights.
3.100 reams cover paper, various sizes and
weights.
10,000 pounds of best plate paper.
250,000 pounds of best map paper.
700.000 pounds sui>erflne (single and double)
coated book paper.
5.650 reams manlla paper, various sizes nnd
weight*.
154,000 pounds bond paper.
20.000 pounds artificial parchment, various
sizes.
4,000 pounds parchment d*ed.
10.000 sheets plated bullet patch. 16 x il
Inches..'* .' t-
10.000 sheets high-finish onion skin, 19x24
Inches.
170.000 sheets cardboard, various colors, sizes
and weights.
3,600.000 sheets brlstol ' board, various colors,
sizes and weights.
8. 100 reams flrst-class ledger paper, white :
-;...':¦: or blue, laid or wove, various slses '
and weights.
9.200 reams second-class ledger paper, whlta
or. blue, laid or wove, various slzss
and weights'.
6,300 teams tissue und copying pt»p?r. ¦_- .: ; '
40 reams blotting paper, any required
color and. weight.
€50 reama plaid, marble, comb tnd lining
paper, various sizes.
820 reams typewriter r-ape,r. various sizes
and weights.
1,115 reams letter, nute und quarto- post'
paper.
200 reams white Frencn folio. 17 x i.*i
Inches. -,
2,000 sheets parchment, 15 x 21 Inches.
1'icposals will be received for one thousand
reams or more. ,
By direction of the Joint Committee of Con-
gress on Public- Printing. F. -W. PALMER. " •"
Public Printer. • ,,
Washington. D. C. Dec.' 17. 1003
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. Baclgalupl. 933 Mkt.
GASOLINE er.glnes, automobiles and launches;
all tire*. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont ft.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters; all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO . 110 Montg'y.
MISCELI..A>"EOCSVyAXTS^
BOOKS and libraries bought. H. C. HOLMES.
1149 Market Bt,; phona Je-std 3T4L or postal.
I PAY hiphest prices for all kinds of cast-off
clothing; f>end postal. MORRIS. S70 Folsom.
TILTON wants rood second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 »th St.; tel Jesi-ie 2Sol.
MOXEY TO LOAJi^
aaX^e!iman~mi;hpTiy.
601-CO2-C03 Examiner building.
Quick Ffttlen lonts; BO disappointment.
Save cxrenses by dealing directly.
Estatrg, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests, alignments of rrnts, property In trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terests In property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
Wh>n You Need Money
gee HERMAN MURPHY. .__
ANY amount "f money quickly!!'. '- . .
On your furr tture find piano without removal,
or any oth-r good security: fairest rates;
strictly rosbteatlali no commission; private
party. Rcon CS, Donohoe building, 1170
Market ft. _
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boardlnc- houses, without
Fecurtty: easy payments: largest business in
40 principal dt!w. Tolmar.. r.53 Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY reM.*?ctable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at 2
l>er rent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Ktore,
M6 "Market: lei. Main I<i44. Brnnch. 19 Third.
STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL LOANS on fur-
niture, pianfa. or to Falaried people on thflr
Tirtf prei>er treatm»nt sruaranteed. ILLINOIS
TRKST CO.. r. 16. Phelan bid., tel. Main 704.
A. — 1 per cent on furniture or piano; no remov-
al. n-> commission, ro publicity: $25 up; quick,
private, confidential. 26 Montgomery, rm. 7.
MUNICIPAL 'LOAN OFFICE. 103 Orant ave..
LOANS FROM II TO *10,000.
MONEY to Iran low Interest; cold, silver,
diamonds, r<*arls and precious .stones bought
at \\\ .J. HESTHA1/B. 10 Sixth m.
NEW easy method — To --age-earners on- unln-
<li>— ¦-«¦«! notes: a^olute privacy. Fidelity Loan
Company, rooms 4^-48, Chronicle hlrtK.
TO sa!»rli^d people without terurity; on furni-
ture; lndorfed nates aud other security. S. F.
IMfount Agency. 143 Pheliui hulldlng.
AT lowest rates on furniture and pianos; strict
priraeynw c.-TnmiFSion;installments accepted.
BONELLI. 301 E.idy. ConB*r\-ator>- bulldlnf-.
ALL, leans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 cer cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loaji Hank. 538 Kearny.
3? c ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN. room SI. 6 Eddy st.
1 PER cent en furniture or" piano. 1003 Mu-
tual Savings Bank bldg., 70S Market st.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming; loans money to
salaried employe*. R.3H, Mutual Rav. Bk.bld.
CAFH loaned ya.Iarie'd people on notes without
indorser. MORELL. 600 Examiner building.
MTSICAIj IX^TRJ^IEVTS.
A FINE lot of second-hand uprights from $50
vp. incIudinK such makes as Chictering. Vose.
Kroeger. <7urtaz. Kirkham, Pease. Hardman.
Marshall & Wendell. Baus and others. BENJ.
CURTAZ & SON, 16 O'Farrell st. No
branches In Ean Francisco.
DURING the next few days we shall offjr un-
usual opportunity for the purchase of good
Jnstrumente «t exceedingly low prices, you
can make money by calling on us at one.
THE ZEXCO MAUVAIS MUSIC COMPANY.
763 Market St.
JUPT arrived, 3 carloads new pianos, for rent
$3 per mo.; 11 cood second-hand pianos to
be solo at cost. Scott-Curtaz Piano Co.,
5f*> Hayes st. %.:.
PIANCS rented $2 up; 'Installments. $4 up;
largest wholesale and retail piano house of
the West; write or call for our extensive bar-
gal-n list. HELVE PIANO CO., 235-237 Geary.
A FISCHER upright piano for sale; good as
new; $ltt. 237 Geary st.
$65 — UPRIGHT r'ano: Pteck mahogany; nearly
new. IIORNUNG BROS.. 216 McAllister et.
ALMOST new upright: cheap; cash or Install-
ment. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st.
BEAUTIFUL 3-pedal Stelnway upright piano;
perfect order; facrtflce. Keeffe't«.C85 O'Farrell.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecillan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 30S-312 Post st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and .new. 57
ML'LLER. 1 maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AXU STORES TO LET.
NICE fine office to let; also fine front desk
room. CaJl at 419 California st.. room 21.
PERSOXAL8. -
A — DID you «*e the lady's face
In drugstore windows?. .,
One side young tmd .beautiful
The other old arid wrinkled.
Examine this real and wonderful
Work now at my office.
M. ELLA HARRIS.
My price* reduced one-half for a few days
longer. . - .- -
Don't mist this exceptional offer.
Call cr send for book. free.
M. ELLA HARRIS.
Chemin and Skin Specialist, 781 O^arrell.
WE would like to jut a copy of The Advertis-
ing W.-rld into the hands of every person
who keeps any* kind of a store; every news-
paper man. every advertising writer, every
person lntereEted In business of any kind:
we eend sample copies free on request, and
the pater usually makes friends for Itself at
flm tight. It isn't made to be pretty, but
to be. helpful— and It* circulation of 23.000
(biggest of Its class In the world) shows that
It Is helpful. May we have your address?
The Advertising World. Columbus, Ohio.
BA RON'S CLOAK AND SUIT HOUSE.
Youns ladles steadi'.y employed can. have
Baron's "cloaks, cults, furs and tailor-made
euits to order; on weekly or monthly, pay-
ment plan, at regular marked prices. Con-
vince yourself by calling on BARON, 762
GRADUATES of New York School of Massage.
Osteopathy, vapor and electric baths: face
vibrating r.jachin* for rheumatism; genuine
tubs, hot and cold water; trained nurses as
attendants. Prof, and Mrs. Morris, 405 Geary.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves Its growth, stops falling, cures dandruff
btA Hchins scalp: no stain or stickiness;
clt-aiiws ecalp; at druggists", hairdressers';
accept no substitute. Star Remedy Co., 133S
Polk st.
A — COME and let our doctors give you free,
examination and. advice; you pay for the
medicine only and at the lowest prices. LION
PHARMACY. 1.VK) Mission fit., cor. llth.
A NEW Idea In Jewelry and Central American
curios, Indian curtains, draperies, shawls,
etc.; the only store In the city that carries
this. FROWISS &. SON. 1239 Polk, nr. Sutter
NOT how cheap but bow good Is th* motto of
the manufacturers of the Rapid Rotary
Standard the eewlng-machine of to-day. J.
W. EVANS, agent. 1021 Market st.
PHYSICIAN. 15 years' experience, cures per-
manently morphine, cocaine habit. Call or
address Central Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave.,
corner Sutter St.; tee moderate.
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drugs dis-
eases positively, cured by Willow Bark Co..
1S33 Polk st.; consultation free;xall or write.
LIQUOR habit cured In 2 days or no charges;
guaranteed. Acme Liquor Cure Co.. 397 Mar-
kit st.. room 203; phone South 751.
AT less than cost, uncalled for faults, overcoats,
and trousers at CHARLES LTONS'. London
Tailor. 721 Market st. ' »
ELEGANT suits on easy Installments; 50 cents
and up per week. LEON LEMOS. 1127 Mar-
ket «t.. between Seventh snd Eighth.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday, Sun-
day evgs.. Teutonia Hall. Howard et.. near
Cth: Prof. Foster; society dancing taught." .•
Bon Marche Pants Co. ; special S5 pants to or-
der. Rooms 14 & 10. 40 E.lls. Tel. Drumm 41.
MASQUERADE CMttumes. play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt,
SUPERFLUOUS hair A moles removed by elec-
trlc needle. Dr. & Mrs. Traverse. 1170 Market.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50: dress pants f 2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color; $1; at all druggists'.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements «nd subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until. 11 p. m.
-_—__—__________.
MME. DEVAE. scientific palmist and astrolo-
- I?!'?*- Palm readings $1; 3 questions by ex-
press, »1; open Tuesday eve, also. 133 Post st.
NEEP.GAARD palmistry class begins Jan. *>, 8
p. rh. at 242 Post si; readings dally.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 515
Taylor. St.. near Geary. Phone. Plack 561.
T ELL OF G R EAT N E E E> S H
[ PUCE YOUR ORDEHS EARLY ]
lT HE 20ihCENTURY|
T COOKBOOK f
Another shipment will
arrive about January 21,
1904. ..
In order to satisfy the
demand for this premium '.
we have ordered another
¦ carload of these books, ¦ ¦
and all persons' sending- to
The Cook Book Depart-
' ment of this paper a six
.months' subscription to
- The Dally and Sunday
Call may secure one of the ,*
Twentieth Century Cook
Hooks at the premium
rate of 60c. - *'¦/
I' Out-oMowa tabscribert shs-rid remit
20c additional to prepay traasportitiaa
charges.
OCEAN TBAVEL. A
e Steamers leav*. San Fran-
cisco as follows:
For Ketchlkan. Wrangd.
Juneau. Halnes. Ekaruay.
?tc.. Alaska— 11 a. m.. Jan.
2. 8. 11. 16. 21. 28. 31. P«b-
5 Changs to company's
atearoers at Seattle. ¦ ¦
For Victoria. Vaneou-er,
Port Townsend. • Seattle. Ta-
coma. Everett, Whatcom—ll a. m.. Jan. 2, <*.
11. 10. 21. 2(3. 31. Feb. 5. . Change at Scatttw
to this . company'% steamers for Alaska and
G. N. Ry. ; at Seattle or Tacoma to N. V:~Ry. :
at Vancouver to C. P. Ry. •¦
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay>— Pomona. 1:30
p. m.. Jan. ». 11. 17. 23. 29. Feb. 4; Corona.
1:3© p.m.: Jan. 2. S.- 14.-20. 2fl, Feb.-t.
For Lcs Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo). San Dte.o and Santa Barbara—
Santa Rom.. Sundays, ft a. m. ' • : '. '*'-,¦'. »''¦"'
State of California. Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pylro). Santa Barbara. Santa Crua. Mon-
terey. San Si-neon. Cayucos, Port Harford. (Saa
Luls Oblapo). Ventura and Huenerae. ". ¦.-
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. Jan. 4. 12. 20. 2S, Feb. 9.
Bonlta. 0 a. m.. Jan. !», 1(5, 2*. Feb. 1.
For En-enada. Magdalena Bay. Saa Jost a*'
Caho, MazaUan. Altata. La Paz, Santa Ro-
salia. Guayraas (Mex.). 10 a. in.. 7th ot *ach
month. v .\- i.
For further Information obtain folder. - ¦
Right Is reserved to change steamer* or sail-
ing; dates. ' • - • I - '
TICKET OFFICES — 4 New Montgom-
ery street (Palace Hotel). 10 Market street and
Broadway wharves. • • • »¦./¦•.
Freight office. 10 Market street.
C. D. DUNAN'N. GetKral Passenger Agsflt.
..¦¦-..-.. 10 Market street, San Francisco. ¦ -
o. /?. & iv. ca.
"Columbia" sails Jan. 8. IS, 23. FeV T.
1". 27 sod March 9. "Georg* W. El-
der" sails Jan. 3. 13, 23, Feb. 2. 12. 23 and
March 4. Only steamship line to PORTLAND.
OR., and short rail line from Portland to all
points East. Tbrouzh tickets to all points, all
rail or steamship and rail. at LOWEST
RATES. Steamer tickets Include- berth and
meals. Steamer mils foot of Spear st— .at It
a. m. S. F. BOOTH. Gen. Agt. Pass. Dept.. t
Montgomery st. ; C. CLIFFORD. Gsn. AH.
Freight Dept.. 3 Monuo— lery st. - ..--
TOYO RISEN KAISrIA,
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.>
, Steatrers will leave wharf, comer First and
Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.. for YOKOHAMA
and Hongkong, calling at Kobe <Hlogo). Naga.
> takl and Shanghai, and connecting at Hong-
kong with steamers for India, etc. No cargo
received on board on day of sailing.
S. S. AMERICA MARU
-Monday. January 23. 1904
S. P. HONGKONG MARU ,:......
Wednesday. February 17. 1D04
S. S. NIPPON MARU ......
: .* Tuesday. March IS. 1904
Via Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. For freight and passage apply at Com-
pany's office. 421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. Oeneral Agent..
S. S. MARIPOSA. for Honolulu. Jan. «. 1304.
' 11 a. ic
S. S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Jan>. 9. 11 aim.
S." S. SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney. Thursday. Jan. 21. 8 p. m.
•u. sfhecuu ft ins.ea.. ia_L. rwutansa.so ivnta
Wta&ci.US ButitsURerh. 7.Pi_fiell
' ' C0X?ASKIE GE!-X-ULE TEAN3ATI.AJfTIiJ*JS.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.. *»*-
Saittr.g every Thursday Instead of W»CC__7fc
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. frcm' Pier 43. >*ata_i f
North River, foot of Morton street.
- First class to Havre. -$70 and upward. Sec-
tmd class to Havre. $45 and- upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCT FOR -UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson Building).
New York. > J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue, San Franciscan
.Tickets sola by all Railroftd Ticket Agents.ST. PETERSBURG. Jan. 3.— A
semi-official dispatch - from Urmia,
Persia, reports that an attack on the
Jews which had been" planned by- the
population was frustrated by the ener
getic intervention of-the Russian Vice
ConsuirSBfli
Jews Saved by Russian Consul.
J. Girrrian, employed in a downtown
cafe, fell. from a street car at the cor
ner of -Page and Clayton streets; yes
terday afternoon and was 1 badly In
jured. - He suffered concussion of the
brain, -and was taken to the Park Re
ceiving V Hospital. Albert Enright/ 14
years of age, stepped from a street car
oh" Stanyan street arid was struck by
an automobile. , He was slightly injured.
Accidents Near the Park.
Paul Poepel and Pomont Eugenie,
pailors of the French ship Nantes,. now
in the harbor, were knocked down by
an electric car of the line at
the corner of Mission and Steuart
streets last night. ". Both.were conveyed
to the Harbor Hospital in the.ambu
lance, where upon examination it was
found that Poepel had sustained a com
pound fracture of theleft;leg in addi
tion to two broken ribs. ' Eugenie es
oapedwith a ; few minor .bruises. F. A.
Dinsmore. the motorman . in charge of
the car, was arrested and charged with
battery.: ¦- ¦.•¦• ¦¦• ••"•"'* v:.» :/•«¦"., ',.-..¦.,.;¦
Knocked Down by .Car.
Whitney W. Press, who is largely
interested in the lumber business at
Eureka, is at-the Occidental.
Judge Kenneth Jackson and Attor
ney William H. Metson returned,yes
terday from a three weeks', visit to
Mexico.
Dr. S. B. Wakefield of. New York is
at the Palace.
Dr. Earl Brown of Chicago is regis
tered at the California.
R. M. Richardson, a merchant of Sac
ramento, is at the California. . \
Arthur G. Levinsky, an attorney of
Stockton, is at the Palace.
James W. W. Brewster of Honolulu
arrived from the East last evening and
is at the Palace.
' Juan Gallegos, a prominent -wine
maker of Mission San Jose, and wife
are at the Palace.
State Surveyor General Victor H.
Woods is down from Sacramento and
registered at the Lick.
PERSONAL MENTION'/
Albert Elliott, Jack Burns and Carl
Moor,' boys about 18 years of age. were
treated at the Central* Emergency Hos
pital last night for severe knife wounds
on the arms and shoulders, received, they
claim, at the hands of several Japanese.
The story, told by. the lads is to 'the ef
fect that while, walking along Kearny
street, near Washington, four Japan
ese, without i provocation or. warning,
attacked them with drawn. knives and
then fled through Portsmouth Square.
The young men reported the matter I at
the Central Station, and ; were taken . to
the hospital: for treatment. Policemen
were detailed, on the case, but were
unable to find any trace of the assail
ants, of ithe boys.', r. : .
Thepolice are hot inclined to believe
the story, as' Iti seems improbable that
the assault should have been made
without cause. All of the injured- boys
are ex-apprentices in the navy. Elliott
residesat 1111 Sutter street, Burns at
fn Market and Moor at 20 Twelftn
street. •
THREE BOYS CLAIM THEY
WERE STABBED BY JAPANESE
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists. 60c flaek. Richard & Co.. 406 Clay.»
To-Day
The shoe sale makes its debut. * Ladies'
and men's $3.50 shoes will be sold for
51.85 at the closing-out, sale. 915 Market
street, opposite Mason. " !*,-*¦¦;¦•/*•
Death of Senator Depew's Brother.
DETROIT, Mich., Jan. 3. — Law
rence Depew, brother of .United States
Senator Chauncey M. Depew of New-
York, and one of the most prominent
citizens of Detroit, fell dead at his
home here to-day of heart disease.-
PLATTSBURG, N. Y.. Jan. 3.—Gen
eral Stephen Moffltt, one of the most
prominent men in Northern New
York, died at his residence near this
city to-day, agsd 63. In the civil
war he was brevetted brigadier gen
eral. President Grant appointed him
Collector of Customs for the district of
Champlain in 1876. to which office he
was reappointed by Presidents Hayes
and Harrison.
Passing of General MofHtt.
Yesterday's' attendance at the ses
sion included a large representation
from all over the State.
Larje Representation From All Parts
of the Stute Present at the
Opening Meeting.
The fourth annual session of the
California Association of Opticians
opened at the California Hotel yester
day, Louis Kuttner. president of the
organization, presiding:. The after
noon was devoted to a. lecture by Dr.
Earl Brown of Chicago oh "The Phy
siology, Anatomy and Histoligry of the
Eye."
At the evening session 'he delivered
a lecture on "The Retina and Its
Diseases." The greater part of to
day's session will be devoted to ex
periments with the Geneva retina
scope and an election of officers and
in the evening the association will hold
its annual banquet, at which' it is ex
pected that Governor Pardee. Mayor
.Schmitz and other prominent State
and municipal officers will be present.
OPTICIANS ARK HOLDING
- THEIR ANNUAL SESSION
YUI3A CITY, Jan. S.— C. E. Wilcoxon.
one of the pieneer residents - of this
county, died here last night. He was a
native ef Kentucky and 80 years old.
He came to this county by ox team
from Missouri in 1S53.' He served "as
County Clerk for fourteen years, and
also was School Superintendent, Under
Sheriff ar.d Treasurer.
• After serving in the California Legis
lature he was elected a member of the.
State Board c-f Equalization. He leaves
a wife and, four sons,,J. L., S. E. and
L. B. Wilcoxon of this place and Dr. C.
R. Wilcoxon of Woodland; also two
daughters, Mrs. C. E. McQuaid c-f Yuba
City and Mrs. C. L. Zeigler of San
Francisco.
Suttcr County Pioneer Dead.
He was recognized as a man of
sterling worth and of great business
capacity. He lived an honored life
to the ripe old age of 74 years. ' He
leaves a widow and seven children,
Clarence tE., Guido J.. Miss Margaret,
Miss Laura, Miss Florence, Miss Lotta
and Mme. Emilia Tojettl.
The funeral will take place of Tues-
The deceased came to California in
1S51 and the first years of his life on
this coast were spent in mining. On
his removal to San Francisco he en
gaged in the business of importing
Carrara marble.
He established a splendid business
and to-day the firm of Joseph Musto
&. Sons, marble dealers and manufac
turer?;, is one of the largest on the Pa
cific Coast. -
' Joseph Musto, a pioneer citizen of
San Francisco, died in this city yes
terday morning after along and pain
ful illness from pneumonia.
A new order of service was inaugu
rated yesterday afternoon at the
Young Men's Christian Association, to
be known as the "men's social reli
gious hour."
Several hundred were present and
listened to a powerful address by the
Rev. Frank S. Ford, pastor i of the
First Christian Church, his subject be
ing "Dead or Alive." The control of
one's self over all things that are not
moral was the principal theme, the
Rev. Mr. Ford holding: that when a
man has control of himself he actually
lives, but he who has no control is
dead and is ruled or directed not by
himself but by influences which he has
allowed to take hold of and own him.
Robson's orchestra, a most capable
body of young musicians, and the First
Congregational choir and Knicker
bocker Quartet rendered music and
vocal selections.
After the "social religious hour" in
the auditorium there, was an adjourn
ment to the lecture-room, where
Henry J. McCoy, general secretary of
the association, conducted a Bible
class. The great body of men joined
in singing numerous inspiring hymns.
A tea, at which many sat down, fol
lowed the service. .. . :
•'Men's Social Religious Hour" to Be
a Feature Every Sabbath
Afternoon.
Y. 31. C. A. INAUGURATES
NEW ORDER OF SERVICE
J. Musto, Honored Pio
neer, Dies After
Long Illness.
PIONEER MARBLE IMPORT
ER WHO DIED IN THIS
CITY YESTERDAY.
Joe Kelly,- in the role of an otfium
smoker, is all very well in a short
sketch on the' vaudeville stage, but
three hours of his antics in "The Head
Walters"- is conducive to somnolence.
William Inman and Jack "Vincent, as
"Percy and Harold," 'are absurdities of
a pronounced type, and go in for con
siderable "horse play" to raise laugh
ter.
Charles Burkhart, In a Hebrew role,
was amusing, .but that kind of charac
ter has been done to death on the local
stage. Dolly de Vyne and Frances
Hayford Inman are two clever women,
who would appear to better advantage
in a good musical comedy.
' The chorus^ of. "The Head Walters"
redeemed the performance yesterday
by good ensemble singing and some
pretty dancing. Two large audiences
witnessed the opening performances of
the company.
There are lots of pretty girls and
clever singers and dancers in the com
pany, who earn applause by hard work,
but the principals have but little right
to be classed as "stars.".
. The - company that opened a wee"k's
engagement at the Grand Opera-house
yesterday l afternoon in. a production
called "The Head Waiters" is certainly
to be pitied for being called upon to
appear 'in such a hotch potch of non
sense and absurdity.
Probably the best horizontal bar per
formers seen in the theater in months
are Dumitrescu, Van Auken and Van
nerson.. .Van Auken is a marvel and
goes over the middle bar from a giant
swing with ease. His forward somer
saults after finishing a trick must be
seen to be appreciated. New pictures
on the biograph finish a very good
show.
The road show has departed and an
entirely new. programme is presented
by the Orpheum this week and is well
worth seeing. The "reappearance of
Joan Hadenfeldt, the clever San Fran
cisco 'girl, who evolved the •"Cycle of
Love." the musical art maze, reproduc
ing the celebrated masterpieces of the
world's famous painters, was pleasing
to the audience. Not only are the
pictures portrayed by the tiny cupid
and a beautiful model, good to look
upon, but the music interspersed is
sweet and catchy. Miss Hadenfeldt
was more at home on the stage, and
she moved about with that case and
grace that comes with experience. Her
singing was somewhat stronger last
night, but her voice needs more culti
vation. ' Her gowns are very, beautiful
and the electric light effects in harmo
ny with the scenes portrayed.
Lotta a"hd Belle Tobin scored a big
hit last night by their selections on
various musical instruments. They
are extremely clever performers and
also have a good stage presence. Prob
ably the best work they do is the rend
ition of Sir Arthur Sullivan's "The Lost
Chord," .which they play with great
feeling on bamboo bells.
-Frederick Halkn and Molly Fuller,
two favorites, returned from a'suc
cessful Australian tour, and opened
last night. • They presented" an absurd
concoction called "An Election. Bet."
It created a great deal of laughter and
applause. Erneet Hogan and Mattie
Wilkes sang new songs and created
mirth by their specialties. Charles and
Minnie Sa- Van introduced a comedy
act that was replete with funny mis
haps.. Charlotte Guyer George has a
splendid contralto voice. The merry
manikins controlled by, Mr. and Mrs.
Walker Deaves amused the young and
old.
-The show opens with a barber shop
scene in which many clever specialties
are introduced. An aggregation of
vaudeville talent of a high order is
included in the cast and before the
curtain falls the success of the play
is insured. In the second act, a trolley
car appears* and two contributing
comedians, Ned Knnx and John Price,
in . command of t vehicle, became
popular with the audience. Their work
is full of action and they are the oc
cassion of many comical difficulties.
Passengers of all descriptions appear,
are inveigled to ride, and "Happy Hool
igan/' while tampering with the lever
of the turntable, winds up the act with
much excitement ancTmerriment.
There are many people in the cast
and all are artists. All join the lead
ing character in causing amusing sit
uations, and the policeman invariably
appears and settles all strife. The last
act is , a courtroom scene and is re
plete with funny incidents. All intri
cate matters are straightened out and
"Happy Hooligan" renders account for
all of his offenses. In the cast are:
.Paul Bordman, George Knox, Charles
Saunders, John Bohlman, John B. Wil
son, Peter Koehl, William O'Sullivan,
William Badenhop, James H. Murphy,
M. J. Joyce. Mable Saunders. Norine
Durham, Rose Collins, Mamie Collins,
Marie Morgan. Stella Havlin, Teddy.
Ray White, Lillie Burdell. Emma Sie
gel, Dorothy Warr, Virginia Dale, Cor
inne David, Barbara Burns, Ruth
Sheppard. »
• • •
The second musical cartoon comedy
produced here. during the season ap
peared at the California last night.
"Happy Hooligan" affords an abun
dance of pleasure and is certain to at
tract large audiences for the balance
of the week. The leading character ia
well sustained by E. D. Coe and vicis
situdes and misfortunes ¦ are marked
during the three acts of the piece.
Tunnel was a fine specimen of man
hood, 41 years of age. He was a na
tive son, unmarried, and lived at 600
Railroad avenue. lie was accounted
one of the most skillful vaqueros on
the coast and had no equal as a buyer
of cattle. ***"•
James Tunnel, a vaquero, was rid
ing along Silver avenue on Saturday
morning shortly after 10 o'clock and
at Twentieth street he was, thrown
from his horse. The animal kicked
him on the back of the head as he.at
tempted to rise.
Tunnel went to Dr. McLaughlin's
drug store at Eleventh and Railroad
avenues, where a clerk dressed a
wound en the back of his head. Tun
nel then went to Thomas Kelley's sa
loon at 900 Railroad avenue and.re
mained there drinking all day. About
9 o'clock that night he went to a rear
room of the saloon and half an hour
later his dead body was found.
The South San Francisco Police sta
tion was notified and Policeman
Gaughran, after visiting the saloon,
telephoned to the Coroner's office and
the body was removed to the Morgue.
It was thought that Tunnel had died
from natural causes, but an autopsy
made by Dr. L. D. Bacigalupi yester
day morning showed that death was
due to a fracture of the base of the
skull, evidently caused by the kick
lrom the horse.
Wound Is Dressed and Twelve
Hours Later His Dead Body
Is Found in Room of Saloon
Clever People Score Big 1 Hits
at the Vaudeville House.
"Head Waiters" at the Grand
GETS BLOW FROM HOOF
FUNNY SHOW AT ORPHEUM
Experiments are being made at
Fiume. Austria, with a new pattern of
torpedoes, for which remarkable power
is claimed. Their explosive force ex
ceeds anything known at present. The
length of the torpedo range3 from
eighteen to twenty-one feet and they
can be launched at a distance of 3500
yards without deviating a yard from
their course.
Only two acceptable Dids were re
ceived by the Japanese Government for
the construction of a battleship in
England. The contract will be awarded
to either Vickers & Co. at Barrows, or
the Armstrong Company at Elswick.
The armor factory in Japan will soon
be able to supply th» wants of the
navy and private shipbuilders have
be»n invited by the Admiralty to sub
mit bids for building a battleship.
A newly constructed dock on the isl
and of Mitaunosho-maru, near Onomi
chi, has cost only $75,000. The dock is
420 feet in length, sixty-five feet in
w'dth of entrance and thirty feet over
the sill, and can accommodate vessels
400 feet in length. It is cut out of de
composed granite and faced with rough
hewn stone.
Drydock builders have experienced so.
An airship for war has been invented
and built by Dr. F. A. Barton of Lon
don, who has offered the sole rights to
several Governments for $500,000 or
$50,000 for a single ship. The airship
is a combination of a cylindrical bal
loon with movable aeroplanes. Thirty
or the latter in three rows of ten each
are fixed to a frame between the bal
loon and car and depress or raise thv
ehip. The balloon is 176 feet long and
43 feet in diameter, with a cubic ca
pacity of 235,000 feet and a lifting
power cf 16,<50 pounds. It has" an
outer cover said to be impervious to
shot. It will have a captain who is
to manipulate the fifty-horsepower
motors and the aeroplanes. The crew
consists of six men. Each motor
drives two triple fix-bladed propellers,
thres on each ride of the aerial war
craft, which is expected to have a
speed of twenty miles an hour. As an
agent in warfare this airship will be
useful in Failing over a city, fortifica
tion or man-of-war and dropping dyna
mite shells.
The 'British battleship Queen, 15.000
tons. lr>.00 r i horsepower and 18 knots
epeed. passed through her eight hours'
full powtr Fteam trial December 5, de
veloping 15.556 horsepower and 18.4
knots sneed with 243 pounds of steam
in the boilers. 116.5 revolutions and
coal consumption of 1.7 pounds per
unit of horsepower. The Queen was
built at the Devcnnort dockyard, laid
down March 12. 1901, launched March
8, 1502, and is likely to be completed
before April, 1904. thus making her
period of construction practically three
years. A sister ship, the Prince of
Wales, was !aid down at Chatham
March 20, 1901 and launched March 25,
1902, and is getting ready for her steam
trial. . The Queen is fitted with Bab
cock and TVflcox boilers and the Prince
cf "Wales has Belleville boilers, the re
sults of the latter are looked firward
to vdth much interest by the cham
pions of the tiro types of water-tube
boilers.
The Dominion of Canada Govern
ment has offered a bonus of three per
cent up to $30,000 annually for twenty
years for a self-docking steel pontoon
dock of 11.000 tons lifting capacity to
be located at Vancouver, B. C. The
dock is to be built for private owners,
the Government reserving- the right
thj£-jgh payment of bonus to utilize^
it for naval purposes when needed ar.S
the proposed dimensions, 500 feet by 85
feet, wii! accomodate and ship of war
excent the largest battleships.
TERRIBLE ENGINES OF WAR.
The four dry docks building at Ports
mouth, Boston, League Island and
Mare Island, respectively, were author
ized by act of Congress, May, 1898. The
original plan to construct these docks of
timber was abandoned after the con
tracts had been made, although the
builders were made acquainted with
the fact that concrete and granite was
likely to be substituted, and the in
creased cost be determined by a board
c-f naval officers. Upon this tacit under
standing contracts were let under the,
following dates: Mare Island, July 15,*
1S99; Boston, March 14, 1S99; Ports
mouth, October 2, 1S99, and League Is
land. November 23, 1S29, the time of
completion being about thirty-two
months. At the present time the Mare
Island dock, to be completed by April,
1902. is only 20 per cent advanced; that
at Portsmouth,- 76 per- cent; Boston, SO
per "cent, and League Island. 30 per
cent. The causes which have contrib
uted to these extraordinary delays are
chiefly due to the dilatoriness and un
businesslike methods of the Bureau of
Yards and Docks, whose finicky and
vexatious interference with the con
tractors cause considerable friction and
unnecessary expense. The location o-f
the docks is such as to develop engi
neering difficulties as the work pro
gresses, and which were not studied out
beforehand. This is notably the case at
Mare Island, where it is attempted to
build a dock in a bottomless pit; where
as this trouble could have been avoided
by locating: the dock a couple of hun
dred feet farther inland on solid foun
dation. The same procastination and
lack of forethought extends to all other
improvements in the several navy
yards under the cognizance of the Bu
reau of Yards and Docks, which causes
delay in the proper carrying on of work
in other departments. A striking in
stance of this "time-killing" procedure
is shown in the case of the dock to be
built for which appropriation was made
June 7, 1900, yet no contract for Its con
struction has been, awarded.
PROGRESS IX SHIP' BUILDING.
The progress r-.zde during the past
year on ships building for the United
States navy show some improvement
over 1902. The general average of
progress on eighteen battleships and
armored cruisers was 23.06 per cent, or
roughly at the rate cf 2 per cent a
month. The greatest progress was a
total of 154 per cent on six ships at
Newport News, ranging, from 19 to 36
per cent; the Union Iron Works made a
total of 100 per cent on four ships; the
Fore River yard realized 25 per cent on
each of its two ships. Cramp's 23 per
cent, while Xeafie & Levy and Bath
Iron Works reached 21 per cent, and
Moran Bros., Seattle, are at the foot of
the list with only 17 per cent progress to
their credit. The showing as a whole is
not. quite satisfactory, as the progress
should have been at least 50 per cent
greater without considering the fact
that all the ships were behind contract
time, and no effort appears to have
been made to catch up lost time. As to
the protected cruisers, the advance to
ward completion has been very slow,
excepting the Tacoma. The default of
Lewis Nixon and tLa bankruptcy of the
Trigg Company will defer the comple
tion of the Chattanooga and Galv«ston
another twelve months. Five torpedo
craft, among which is the unlucky
Goldsborough, lack completion within 1
and 7 per cent, and are now five years
overdue on their contract delivery. The
following table shows the condition of
ships at the various yards:
NEW DRY DOCKS.
much difficulty in contracts with the
Government as to cause a general dis
inclination to bid for such- work. A
large concrete dock is to be built at the
New York navy yard, bids for which are
shortly to be inivted, but thus far only
one request has been made for the
plans by a contractor in that line. The
dock is to be 550 feet in length on floor,
ninety feet width of entrance and a
draught over sill of thirty-one feet at
high water. Its estimated cost, with
pumpinp plant, is $1,000,000.
James Tunnel Is Thrown From
His Mount While Biding on
Silver Avenue at Twentieth
"Happy Hooligan" Affords
Much Amusement and is En
joyed by a Large Audience
British Inventor Offers For Sale to. Powers of the World an
Engine of War That Could Easily Destroy Forts and
Battle Craft by Dropping Dynamite Shells Upon Them
HORSE FATALLY
KICKS YAQUERO
CARTOON PLAY
-IT CALIFORNIA
DEATH GALLS
WELL-KNOWN
RESIDENT
ARMORED AIRSHIP IS READY
TO FLY ON MISSION OF DEATH
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 1, 1904.
» ADAMS' Irish Moss .Couch ¦'. Balsam - helps
'from the first doee, cures in a day. 23c, 80c' '•
' ¦- Bom* • very ¦¦well weddinr ; Invitation* ¦ com*
Jtrcm Knowles,' 21 Second street. Main 593. • - ¦
14
NAME OF SHIP. Class.
| Per Cent
j Completed
Builders. |
\ Jan. j Dee
!
Missouri ; Battleship. . .
Ohio ! Battleship
Nebraska j Battleship
New Stacy. Rhode Isinnd.. . j Dattlet-hip
Georgia j Battleship
Vlrjfcisla ! Batt 'eshfp
CcBn*ct1cut ; Battleship
Ixftjieiana Ifcittlcshlp ,
California / Armored Cruiser.
Colorado < Armored <'ruis*r.
Maryland Armored Cruiser.
Pennsylvania Armored <;j-ul«er.
Kocth Dakota ; Armored Cruiser.
West Virginia [Armored Cruiser.
Charleston I Armored Cruiser.
Milwaukee. Armored Cruiser.
Ft. Lout* ..! Armored Cruiser.
Chattanooga Protected Cruiser .
Denver Protected Cruiser.
I*-* Moir.cs Protected Cruiser.
Galveeton..*. ' Protected Cruiser.
Tacem* .' Protected Cruiccr.
_1 '. i
..(Newport News 81 100
,.; Union Iron Work6 C8 | M
• Seattle 13 I 30
.Fore River 2.5 ( 4S
. Bath Iron Works HJ j 40
. Newport News 14 | frtj
. New York Navy Yard 1 j 2t
. Newport Newn 1 | 31
. . I'nion Iron Works IS | 4g
. . Cramps 44 | «>T
. .j Newport News 41 j •;::
. I Cramps 40 j 6;»
.Union Iron Works IS j 44
. . Newport News 42 «7
. . Newport New* 'Si S5
. . Union Iron Works ft :is
. . Neatte & Lrfsvy. Philadelphia 1.1 34
'. I^ewis Nixon's 68 "2
'. Neafle & I-evy, Philadelphia S« BS
'. Fore River 78 9t5
•. TrijcB. Company, Richmond...... 68 «!»
¦. Union Iron Works 61 f»6
NAME OF SHIP. Class.
| Per Cent
j Completed
Builders. |
\ Jan. j Dee
!
Missouri ; Battleship. . .
Ohio ! Battleship
Nebraska j Battleship
New Stacy. Rhode Isinnd.. . j Dattlet-hip
Georgia j Battleship
Vlrjfcisla ! Batt 'eshfp
CcBn*ct1cut ; Battleship
Ixftjieiana Ifcittlcshlp ,
California / Armored Cruiser.
Colorado < Armored <'ruis*r.
Maryland Armored Cruiser.
Pennsylvania Armored <;j-ul«er.
Kocth Dakota ; Armored Cruiser.
West Virginia [Armored Cruiser.
Charleston I Armored Cruiser.
Milwaukee. Armored Cruiser.
Ft. Lout* ..! Armored Cruiser.
Chattanooga Protected Cruiser .
Denver Protected Cruiser.
I*-* Moir.cs Protected Cruiser.
Galveeton..*. ' Protected Cruiser.
Tacem* .' Protected Cruiccr.
_1 '. i
..(Newport News 81 100
,.; Union Iron Work6 C8 | M
• Seattle 13 I 30
.Fore River 2.5 ( 4S
. Bath Iron Works HJ j 40
. Newport News 14 | frtj
. New York Navy Yard 1 j 2t
. Newport Newn 1 | 31
. . I'nion Iron Works IS | 4g
. . Cramps 44 | «>T
. .j Newport News 41 j •;::
. I Cramps 40 j 6;»
.Union Iron Works IS j 44
. . Newport News 42 «7
. . Newport New* 'Si S5
. . Union Iron Works ft :is
. . Neatte & Lrfsvy. Philadelphia 1.1 34
'. I^ewis Nixon's 68 "2
'. Neafle & I-evy, Philadelphia S« BS
'. Fore River 78 9t5
•. TrijcB. Company, Richmond...... 68 «!»
¦. Union Iron Works 61 f»6
BOW EN
, Matches— Vulcan dozen 40fl
Paraf5ne— reg'ly 5f z doz— S00 to box
I French Soap box 3 cakes 60c
» Roger and Gallet— assorted odors
Toilet ammonia 25c
Violet — lavender — ree'ly 30c bottla
Talcum powder— witch-hazel 15c
For the boudoir — nursery
reg'ly 20c bottle
Hair brushes u row s 35c
Handy for guest roca IS rows 45c
reg'ly 50c — 60c
Comb — rubber 25c
A good one— reg'ly 35c
Gas lighter 25c
Including box of tapers— reg'ly 35c
Blue enameled ware — made
in Austria — very pretty— very
durable— complete assortment
— something good house-
keepers will appreciate
Liquor Department
Arrived—car of Buffalo Iithia
water-car White Rock Water
Whisky— old stock $1.15
Pare Kentucky Bourbcn^- 4.50
reg'ly $1 .SO bottle— $6 gallon
Malt whisky- Wm. Perm „.
". Duffy '^
reg'ly Jl— 75c bottle
Claret— Zinfandel V. V. 50c
Extra choice red uins—
reg'ly 75c gallon
Rocl< ancfRye ft
For colds — hoarseness—
reg'ly $1.25 bottle
Beer— Everard pts $1.35
Canada malt lager qfs 2.10
reg'ly $1.55—52.35
432 PINE 232 SUTTER
2829 California San Francisco
13th and- Clay Streets Oakland
fk Holiday Gifts It
EYE CLASSES *$\
OPERA GLASSES t~i
jfT KODAKS M
' L*-/ And Other Useful Articka. <I
W. T. HESS,
' Notary Publio and Attoraey-»t-l*w.
Tenth Floor. Room 1015. Claus Spreckela bide.
Telephone Main 8S3.
Residence. S21 California, at. b«low PowvlL
. :¦•¦ Residence Telephone James 1901,
Start the New Year right —
open an account here — and
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Special
Tea— reg'ly SOc lb 40c
All flavors but ' ' Bee" Ceylon— 2 lbs 75c
Chutney — Bombay pts 30c
Rastamjee Bhickaiee^- * - _qts 50c
the finest made — reg'ly 40c 60c bot
Lucca oil — Sublime 50c
Our importation— reg'ly 60c qt bot
Macaroni— Imported 2 lbs 25c
Spaghetti — Vermicelli —
letters and numbers — reg'ly ISc lb
Catsup— tomato 15c
G. B. & Co.— best ingredients—
reg'ly 20c bottle
Apples—reg'ly U}4c can 10c
Fresh flavor — very handy
Fruits — Alcalde . 3 cans SOc
reg'ly 20c can
Apricots— plums— peaches —
quinces — nectarines
Strawberries— raspberrries— cherries 20c
Sardines — Imported 4 cans 30c
Good value — reg'ly J cans ZSc
Sweet gherkins! reg'ly^ pts 20c 15c
Pickle relish >jfi pts 35c 30c
Old Virginia home-made
Bovril— fluid beef extract 2 oz 30c
Good for cold nights — \ ' 4 oz 55c
reg'ly 35c— 65c bottle
Figs — Imported 20c
reg'ly 25c lb
Imported Sauerkraut
Dull Pickles
Muscade Dates
Finnan haddie ¦ lb 20c
For breakfast .
Lentils — German syi lbs 25c
Large fresh ones— reg'ly 10c lb
k m Eh S $329- KaF^ t&& yS
¦ '. ~—l ' • . . .
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SPECIAL SALE
On Monday, January 4th, we will place on SPECIAL
SALE about 30,000 yards FINE EMBROIDERIES in
Cambric and Nainsook. These come in all the
different widths of Edgings and Insertings, are
worked on an extra fine quality of cloth and the
prices range from 8^c to 50c per yard.
Note the Following:
\ O 1 /* ) 300 ° uards CAMBRIC EMBROIDERY In
X£j2\j >35 different patterns from one to two
\ Yard J Inches wide.
. >f r ) 4200 Bards CAMBRIC EMBROIDERY, full
IOC > three inches wide In about 40 hanl-
- Yard ) some patterns.
m-j 3000 yards CAMBRIC EMBROIDERY In
v about 25 different patterns; will measure
Yard ) full four Inches wide.
CrY^ 1 500 yards EMBROIDERED CAMBRIC
OUC \ DEMI FLOUNCING, 16 inches in width;
Yard J very handsome patterns.
HANDKERCHIEFS.
150 dozen LADIES 1 LINEN LAWN and LINEN CAM-
BRIC HEMSTITCHED HANDKERCHIEFS
• SI.OO Doz
100 dozen GENTS' LINEN CAMBRIC HEMSTITCHED
HANDKERCHIEFS.ln # and 1 Inch hem
...S3. 20 Per Half Doz
]^Tf"*vnpcr* Orders by mall receive prompt attention.
l^tV_«r 1 E2j A.I orders for samples or goods filled
— and shipped same day they are received.
UUilB, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
¦ffl ADVERTISEMENTS. '-;M^\ lWk~
•~~— - «-w """ "" '"'¦""" """""y" ~~
| Magnini* Annua^ale | J
of Underwear j
I commences I
Tb-dayat9a.mBAV %
9/6 2 2 M4RKE1 \^T