SAN FRANCISCO," THURSDAY, JANUARY 14, 1904.
Miss Catherine Flatley Tells Chief Wittman That Brother-in-Law of Joseph Blaise Told Her, as an
Inducement for Her to Marry Him, That He Would Soon Have $7000 Coming From
Germany — Officers Find That Suspected Man Took Life Insurance Policies
From Dead Man's Valise on Morning Body Was Found.
POLICE SECURE STRONG EVIDENCE AGAINST SOEDER
FROM THE YOUNG WOMAN HE TRIED TO MAKE HIS WIFE
Detective Thomas Gibson
found that Soeder did not re
turn to his room, on the night
of the murder. On the morn
ing the murder was discovered
Soeder went to his room and
took from Blaise's grip the in
surance policies on his life.
These were found on him at the
time of his arrest.
toward justifying the po
lice in placing 'a charge of mur
der against Leon Socder. Chief
Wittman claims to have re
ceived some very damaging tes
timony from Miss Catherine
flatley, the woman whom Soe
der sought to marry. It' is al
leged that Soeder told Miss
Flatley a short time ago, as an
Inducement for her to marry
him. that he would have $7000
coming from Germany in about
three weeks. This t fact accounts
for the anxiety Soeder displayed
at the delay in the issuance of
the Insurance policies on the life
of his brother-in-law. Chief
Wittman says that Miss Flat
ley has also given him enough
other evidence, the nature of
which he refuses to disclose, to
make a strong case against Soe
der.
NEW facts in the Blaise
murder case that came to
light yesterday did much
MANjACCUSED OF MURDER AND
WITNESSES WHO HAVE MADE
STATEMENTS AGAINST HIM."
Captain Martin, who has been assist
ing Wittman in .the case, had Soeder
In Sergeant Bidwell's office in the City
Prison in the afternoon. There he un
derwent a vigorous fire of questions
from Detectives Hogan and Martin.
Captain Martin refused. to state what
took place at the Interview.
Late last - night District Attorney
Byington. it is alleged, met with Cap
tain Martin, Detective Gibson and Boe
der in his office in the Hall of Justice.
What took place at this meeting is not
known, but It is understood that Soeder
skillfully evaded all questions that
would tend in any way to strengthen
the case against himself.
The $7000 that Soeder expected to
get and use as an inducement in the
gaining of the hand of Miss Flatley is
most likely the money represented in.
the policy for $7000 that he endeavor
ed to obtain from the Hartford Issur-
The statement that Miss Flatley made
to .Chief Wittman in regard to Boeder's
statement about the $7000 he expected
to get will be the strongest link toward
his conviction. Chief Wittman refused
to say much about the case yesterday.
He said that they had secured all that
tbey wanted from Soeder for the time
being and that they would now devote
their time to running down clew» they
had. He said that the statements of
Miss Flatley had been of most impor
tance to them in their effort to place
the responsibility on the . shoulders of
Soeder.
SOEDER AGAIN QUESTIONED
notice whether the suit had arty blood
stains on it, thus wiping out all pos
sibility of securing what might have
been the most Incriminating piece ot
evidence against the supposed murder
er. To-day Detective Gibson will take
Soeder to the cleaning works to sea
if the clerk can identify him as the
one who brought the suit to be clean
ed. They are anxious to know if tha
alleged murderer received any assist
ance., either in. the crime itself or the
subsequent destruction of everything:
that might tend to serve as circum
stantial evidence against him. The
police, however, .believe that Soeder
took the suit to the establishment
himself. .
Continued; on Face 2, .Column 2.
LSE DYNAMITE TO
MURDER ENGINEER
HONOLULU. Jan. 13. — G. H. Glen
nan, formerly of Redwood City. Cal.,
an engineer on a plantation at Maka
walel. in Kauai County, was murdered
last Friday night by means of a stick
of dynamite, which was exploded un
der his bed in a tent. Japanese gam
blers whom Glennan had raided are
suspected of the crime.
fraudinfr the American Hotel of Kala
mazoo, Mich., and a reward of 550 was
offer* d for his capture.
KALAMAZOO, Mich., Jan. 13.— J.
Holbrook Estill is wanted for forgery
in every State In the Union for opera
tions carried on In hotels. In 1902 ho
married Miss Lula- Lindsley. daughter
of a millionaire lumber dealer in Dow
agiac. A short time ago It was dis
covered that Estill had a wife and three
children ftill living" In Savannah, Ga.
No divorce had been granted from the
first wife.
Estill confessed to more than one
hundred crimes which he had com
mitted throughout the country. He
will be brought back by Sheriff Ship
man to Kalamazoo to be tried for for
gery. Should he be charged with •big
amy his -wife In Savannah will be
brought here to assist in the prosecu
tion.
The following cable has been received
from Admiral Coghlan, dated Colon,
January-12: \
"Report from - Cartagena states
cruiser Cartagena now about to trans
port troops to Gulf of • Darien. Troops
are arriving at Barranquilla quite rap
idly. Four thousand men now there.
Castine, from Caledonia Harbor, re
ports Indians unfriendly.. Chief at
Saradinow wears uniform of colonel of
Colombian forces. Large number jot
canoes at - Sasardl and - , Mosquito " vil
lage. No .large landing, of ? Colombian
force made on , the coast— merely par
ties of two and three in canoes. Trad-
SOME INDIANS FRIENDLY.
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET. N.
W., 'WASHINGTON, Jan. 13.-Not only
is Colombia rushing troops to the bor
der of Panama and maintaining her at
titude of determination to undertake
the recapture of the isthmus, but sav
age tribes of Indians in the wild and
mountainous region between the canal
strip and Atrato River have been allied
with the Colombian^ cause. ..
The American naval force on the
isthmus Is watching the situation at
every possible point of trouble. Evan
though the initiation, of hostilities by
Colombia be not immediately retaliated
upon by the United States Rear Ad
miral Coghlan will not be caught nap
ping by the Colombian army.
ers in that vicinity say Indians are un
friendly to all strangers, allowing. none
to sleep ashore. No Colombian forces
were seen at any time or place in Pan
ama, territory. No * trail *. or ... stream
which can be entered from the sea was
found. Everything about the same as
when Atlanta visited there the first
time,* except chief having j uniform. No
American vessels have ever been able
to buy stores from Indians, even before
Colombian fores went to Tituamati.
. "Bancroft starts for northeast coast
Tuesday morning. Castine and May
flower follow when coaled. The Topeka
just." from Bocas del Toro with report
from Nashville; everything quiet and
no excitement. Nashville will remain"
there. When Stewart .is repaired I
propose to send her: there also.
-"Mayflower, returned.,. ; Found -Man
ning Bay Indians unfriendly. . Objected
strongly- to exploration? In their, terri
tory.. From Conception pay south \ to
Mosquito village ': Indians . are friendly
and say; that- they ? will r not' permit' Co
lombian forces or -Indians to:pass-them.
Indians . said \ force t expected
to "get canoes.t and - with ) schooners
and steam launches take large force to
Mandingo' Bay." ¦' ¦ ;7 ; v ; .
It can be stated by authority/that the
administration*, does '"not , contemplate
payinsr one dollar * out ;of the United
States treasury; to, Colonibia'bn" account
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Continues to Rush Troops to the Border and- Is Making
Allies of the Savage Indian Tribes.
COLOMBIA SEEMS DETERMINED^
TO BEGIN WAR ON : THE ISTHMUS
Continued on Page 2, Column 1|
valise of Blafse the latter's Insurance
policies. These were found on Soeder
at the time of his. arrest. This Is
deemed a valuable piece of evidence.
Joseph Nieblas and wife of 827 Jack
son street, at whose house Soeder and
Blaise roomed, yesterday stated that
they did not believe that Soeder came
to his- rooms until late In the morn
ing following the night on which the
murder was committed. Soeder has
stoutly maintained since hts arrest
that when he got up on the morning
Blaise . was missing: he went out to
the house of his friends at 4S00 Mis
sion street to see If Blaise had stayed
there over night.
CLEANING OP THE SUIT.
The detectives working on the case
did not believe the man. however, and
claimed that he spent Monday morn
ing in getting rid of his gray suit and
in the selling of his revolver. This
hft must have done before going out
to the Mission, as Moritz Meienburg
an uncle of the girl who came over on
the steamer at the ¦ same time as
Blaise and Soeder. and whom Blaise
and Soeder used to visit, confirms his
statement. Meienberg says that on
the morning the dead body of Blaise
was found with a gaping wound in
the neck on the side of Russian Hill
Soeder came out to his house and
asked if his friend Blaise had stopped
there over \ night. Later on in the
afternoon of the same day Meienberg
says, Soeder again came out to the
house and showed them the evening
paper .with the account of the mur
der, of Blaise.
This statement from Meienberg 1 ¦will
tend to help Soeder, bt : the other evi
dence against him wi ;.ove too con
clusive. One thing is certain, that if
he d!« goto the Mission on the morning
of the. "murder" he got rid of the gTay
suit . he ¦ wore . on Sunday and sold his
revolver, before he went to his friends'
house. The former, statement, made by
the proprietors of the Native Son3
Cleaning and Dyeing Y. T orks at 430
Bush, that the suit of Lacder had been
brought <o them by, a boy, was changed
yesterday." ' The clerk In the establish
ment now; says that it Tras a man who
brought the suit; to be cleaned..
- The cleaners at : the works failed to
. Just ' what other,., evidence"; Miss
Flatley, gave against Soeder.. is not
known, but' It is said to have made al
most enouffh of a case to .warrant the
preferring • of ' a: .charge of * murder
against Soeder. ¦;* _ . _ . .
; Detective^Gibson' learned yesterday
that I at ¦ : noon : on : Monday,' the day
Blaise's - r body .was } discovered, • Soeder
went to his "room and removed fronrthe
Miss Flatley*. was closeted with Chief
Wittman the greater part of yester
day: .„ The Chief _ was reluctant ;to . give
out anything, as he said it would ham
per thework of the police. It is known,
however.) that Miss Flailey I gave the
strongest testimony, against herformer
lover that. has. yet been secured. She
told /Wittman that . Soeder,* about : a
month; ago and after his return from
Germany, asked* her -again to marry
him and said that he expected to have
$7000 ln\*about three 5 weeks. .• . - -
SAID HE WOULb GET $700<K
The police have obtained new evi
dence of, a damaging nature against
Leon Soeder, accused of murdering. Jo
seph Blaise, his brother T in-law, to se
cure the latter's life insurance. The
new evidence materially strengthens
the ' case against Soeder and to-day
there may. be a charge .of murder
placed against him. Yesterday Detec
tive Tom Gibson discovered that Soe
der did not return to his rooms at the
house of Mrs. Nieblas at 827 Jackson
street until early Monday morning. It
was also found that Soeder, as soon as
the murder was discovered, went again
to the room he and Blaise had occu
pied and took from Blaise's grip the
insurance policies on the life of the
last named. He ate breakfast in the
Original Mexican Restaurant at 721
Broadway, and after getting rid of his
gray suit and revolver "went to the
house of the girl he met" coming over
on the steamer from Germany and pre
tended to be looking for. Blaise.
Chief Wittman says he now has a
strong case against Soeder and is posi
tive of his guilt. He claims to h,ave
secured damaging evidence against
Soeder yesterday from Miss Catherine
Flatley, the woman whom Sped er was
at one time going to wed, but who
afterward jilted him.
Hepburn declared that if the Repub
lican party was responsible for the ad
ministration of the affairs of the Gov
ernment the friends of that party
should hold all of the available places.
Hepburn referred to an interview he
had had with the head of a department
having more than BOO clerks, who had
stated that he had fifty clerks who
could not get to their.desks if the ele
vators in the building were not running
and that should he be permitted to
select his own force he could do all
the business with 200 clerks.
Spooner warned the Democrats that
a "platform which imputes dishonor to
the administration ;and^ to the brave,
true " man" In th"e "White* House would
find no sympathy with the people of
the United States north or south."
Spooner declared that ¦ the President
had acted within the .constitution and
the law in all that he had done in
Panama. He said that he. for one. re
sented the imputation that the Presi
dent had been unscrupulous In his deal
ings with this question. This last state
ment was made after Tillman had ex
pressed the opinion that the American
Consul had bribed the Colombian forces
to withdraw from the isthmus.
In opposing the civil service appro
priation Grosvenor said:
"When this law went into effect the
expenditures under the bill now pend
ing here amounted to about twenty
million dollars. To-day it amounts to
thirty millions and' we are told that
the reason for'that is that 16 per cent
of this amount— that is the estimate
given to me yesterday — is paid to men
absolutely worthless to tne public ser
vice, so that we have practically a
civil pension. It is enough to say that
the expenditures under .this system
have increased. 30 per cent; that the
wrongs and outrages and irregularities
and crimes that are charged to-day, if
they did not originate under the civil
service administration, have been cov
ered through the administration of that
system up to date."
Hepburn declared that he was not
inclined to criticize the methods of the
commission, "but the civil service as
it is administered is a fraud and hum
bug." This statement met applause on
both sides of the House.
Notice was given by Bingham, In
charge of the bill, that an aye and no
vote would be demanded when the bill
is presented In the House. No conclu
sion was reached on the bill in com
n-.ittee.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 13.— After a
lively debate lasti: j three hours the
House to-day in committee of the
whole, by a vote of 78 to 65, struck out
of the legislative, executive and Judi
cial appropriation bill the paragraph
providing for the salaries and expenses
of the Civil Service Commission and
clerks employed under the commission!
The action was taken' on motion of
Hepburn of Iowa. He was supported
by Republicans and Democrats both in
speeches and the vote.
Those who spoke in opposition to the
civil service system, as it now exists,
were Hepburn (R.) of Iowa, Grosvenor
(R.) of Ohio and Bartlett (D.) of Geor
gia, while among those speaking .for
the service were Cooper (R.) of Wis
consin and Gillette (R.) of Massachu
setts.
After a. period of fourteen months,
during which Estill is said to have de
frauded hotels in nearly every town
within a radius of 100 miles of Chi
cago, and had secured money under
aliases of II. T. Elliott. H. T. Ebcrsteln.
n. H. Thompson, R. S. Hammond, J. V.
Carson. George P. Harris; R. L. Alex
ander and others, he -was tra"ed to San
Francisco. Estill was accused of <L >
Ertill 5s reputed to have used a clever
Ftrategt-ni to throw his victims off their
Kuan', by pjvtendlnK to safeguard hfs
checks against swindlers. He once rep
resented a house that sold a:: improved
checl. protector, and. It is said, he al
ways used this device, ostensibly ' to
k^ep* those lo whom he gave his checks
from increasing amounts »or which
they were drawn. • '
CLEVER SAFEGUARDS USED.
His social standing enabled him to
obtain emploj-ment with the Foreman-
BafFett-Hatch Lithographing Company
of Cleveland, O.. for which he traveled.
II» was ( provided with a large number
rf blank checks, drafts and other sam
ples of his firm's work, which he is
said to have used to his own advan
tage, fining out checks to his credit.
He also obtained a . large supply of
blanks from the Pioneer Press Com
pany of St. Paul, Minn., for which he
worked long enough to replenish his
Fiork of stationery. Detectives who
v.orkrd on the case say his seeking
employment was merely for the pur
pose of securing blank checks, which
he f:llf-d out with various names and
obtained cash from the uns-ispectlng,
!;ot*l managers being his Principe' vic
tims. Most of the money he secured
by these transact lors probably went to
bookmakers.
"Jobs"' to his credit in each of the fol
lowing p'acrs: Kansas City, Savan
nah. Ga.: Florida, Cleveland, Ohio; To
ledo. Philadelphia and San Diego.
Governor Pardee yesterday honored
the recuisition of the Governor of
Michigan tor the return to that State
of Estill, and Sheriff Shipman will start
back to Kalamazoo with his prisoner.
Holbrook T. Estill is said to be the
ton of J. Holbrook Estill, millionaire
owner of the Savannah Morning News,
vice president of the Associated Press
and candidate for Governor of Georgia-
Detectives say they have the man who
hat= swindled at least two Chicago ho
teTs.
While in Chicago last May Estill.
under the name of J. V. Carson, is said
to have obtained $75 frcrj the Great
Northern and 550 from the Stratford.
Tiring of the woman he married short
ly after entering his father's employ
en the Morning News. Estill left his
home, deserting his wife and three chil
dren.
He is regarded as one of the greatest
Fwir.dlers in the United States and has
l*>ft a trail of worthless p..per from
roast to coast. He committed forgeries
in Grand Rapids, Mich.: St. Paul,
Minneapolis and Chicago. He has three
Eft ill went to Kalamazoo last July,
and remained there but a day and a
half. In that time, however, he passed
a worthless check for $50 on the Amer
ican Hotel. The proprietors believed
h«? was with a theatrical company then
playing in that city.
The truth reached the ears of the
Grand Rapids family, and they^aic^
<h«.case before 6fiPrtff : Snipman. He
immediately started for Kansas City,
but arrived just after Estill and his
wife had left for this city. The Sheriff
succeeded, however, in stopping pay
ment on three worthless checks that
Estill had palmed off to replenish his
diminishing Ftock of money. The Sher
iff then continued his pursuit.
WORKS KAJ^AMAZOO.
It is understood that Estill recently
added bigamy to his other crimes, and
for this he will be obliged to stand
trial on his return to Michigan.
By his suave manner Estill won the
affections of the daughter of a prom
inent citizen of Grand Rapids, and
after a brief courtship made her his
wife. She accompanied him on his
trip to this city and was unaware of
the nefarious business in which her
husband was engaged until told by the
detectives. The officers of Kalamazoo
«ate that Estill is guilty of bigamy,
as he is married to a woman of Sa
vannah, Ga., by whom he has three
children.
In arresting J. Holbrook Estill. alias
R. S. Hammond, the San Francisco de
tectives in charge of the case may well
feel that they have landed a cele
brated criminal of a dangerous type.
Fictitious drafts are his stock in trade.
Estill was arrested on Tuesday by a
representative of the Pinkertons. by
Detective Tim Bailey of the local de
partment and by Sheriff Shipman of
Kalamazoo. Mich.
Detectives Class Him as Cunning Crook
and Will Take Him to Michigan
for Trial
Action Is Taken in Committee of" the
Whole and Yeas and Nays
Will be Demanded.
Strikes Salaries Appropri
ation From tne Legisla
tive Bill.
Deserts Wile and Children
to Deceive and Marry
Another Woman.
Estill Adds Bigamy
to His Record as
Clever Forger.
House Votes Against
• Continuance ol the
Commission.
TASKS HOLD
DANGEROUS
CRIMINAL
PUTS CIVIL
SERVICE IN
JEOPARDY
Alcaxar— "Ti« \Hoth *ad ti»
ri*m»." \ \ \ \ • - ; t
Calilornla — "A Trip to <JMa*
torm." \ < --'•• v .
Oamtral— "Th« Moonshiners."*
Piicher't — "THa Beauty Sbou,"
Grand — "In OonTict Stxjpts." .
Orphaum— V»txd8Tlll». Matin ••
to-day. "*
Th« Ohnte* — V»nd«YUl«.
TItoU Op»r» Rons* — "VThva
Johnny Oomti Marchlag
Komi."
Columbia — "Kn. 9o«rlnr*a »»
rorca." . r. *
TSS TX3ATI3218.
VOLUME XCV— NO. 45.
THE WEATHER.
rcrccast xn&de at San rrta-
Cisco for thirty hours ending- at
nidaljrtt January 14:
San rrancicco and . vicinity —
Pair Thursday, becoming 1 cloudy
at ai;rM; lijrht north winds,
casaglKsr to southeasterly.
A. G. KcADIE,
District Forecaster.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
The San Francisco Call.der Is Lessened.
. OMAHA. Nebr., Jan. 13. — One tiny
bacillus with a long name has inter
vened between Henry Foster and the
hangman's noose. The microbe found
its way into the wound of Thomas
Gentleman of. Fremont, whom Foster
shdt. Death followed as a matter of
course. for_the bacillus is deadly and is
known to science as the "Bacillus dip
locapulatus-aerogenes."'
The hospital surgeons at Fremont
declared • that Gentleman had one
Death of Wounded Man Is Hastened
by Bacillus and Degree of Mur-
ONE LITTLE 3IICROBE
' vL * PREVENTS A HANGING
STOCKTON. Jan. 13. 1 — George Chamnan. an
ex-convict, pleaded guilty this niorninff to rob
bing a Santa Fe baggage-room ° and wai sen
tenced by Judge Nutter to >flfteen years* lm
prlBonment.at San Qutntin. . - ¦ -
WELLAND, Ontario. Jan. . : 13.—
Judge Wells announces to-day that? lie.
would sign the warrant for. the extra
dition of James N. Abiel, wanted in
New York for forgery. Abiel's attor
ney immediately appealed. ', : •"•¦'.¦'.,
Wants Abiel Extradited.
chance ;iti a thousand of ; recovery.
This chance was eliminated^hen" the
microbe , appeared. Because of this
the County Attorney is compelled to
withdraw^ Wb charge of murder in the
first degree. •
PREDICTS SERIES OF WARS.'
Cornell President's View on the Pres
ent Dispute WJth Colombia.
. . LOCKPORT, N. T., Jan. 13.-In an
address on "National Greatness'.' to
night ¦ Jacob- Schurman,; president .'of,
Cornell University, predicted; that/ the
United States would become involved
in war with Colombia as "a result of the
trouble "over Panama. The Monroe'
doctrine, would be affected In a great
measure, he said,' res^ulting' In complir
cations and war' with Tour South Ameri
can, cousins. The outcome, he intima
ted, wotild be their subjugation, one by
one, by the. United States,-' -
j Information has been received in this
city from Washington to the. effect that
Judge Advocate General Davis has re
ceived the record of the court-martial
from the case of First Lieutenant H.
A. Roblchon, Seventeenth Infantry,
charged with . conduct unbecoming an
officer, and a gentleman while stationed
with his company at San Francisco. It
Is said that Lieutenant Robichon was
found guilty and sentenced to dismis
sal, which would require the action of
the President.
The cou/t-martlal " "proceedings
against Lieutenant Roblchon, as well
as the suit for divorce filed against
Mrs. Madden by her husband, created
considerable comment : ln this city a
month or so ago. The two cases were
indirectly interwoven- and one might be
said to be the direct outgrowth of the
other. I . i . .< . • i ¦ . :
When Mrs. Madden arrived in this
city from the Philippines last fall she
was immediately served with papers in
a. divorce suit filed .against her by her
husband on statutory grounds. At that
time no names were mentioned, but as
Mrs. Madden showed a disposition to
fight ;the case,' ah amended bill, of com
plaint w ; as filed. This directly charged
her with improper conduct with Lieu
tenant Hector A. Robichoh and many
others whose names' were not men
tioned.
The direct result of this was the is
suance of a summons to Lieutenant
Roblchon. to appear before a general
court-martial and answer" to charges of
conduct unbecoming jj an ' officer and a
gentleman. .. •...'
JfURSE'S TESTIMONY.
i The case was bitterly contested from
Start.to< finish, many of the fellow offi
cers of the accused man appearing . to.
give testimony in his behalf. The most
damaging evidence, however, was given
by: one of the nurses at the Presidio
General- Hospital, where the lieutenant
was for a time confined. .. Her sworn
statement was of a most positive na
ture and directly implicated the ac
cused parties. She told of visits paid
the' lieutenant by Mrs. Madden and
of having seen them in a compromising
position. ** - - - . .- i i •
During the period of the alleged mis-'
conduct' Captain. Madden was stationed
in the : Philippines. • ,. -
* Itching, Blind, Bleeding or Protruding Piles.
Tour druggist. wiU.. refund ,, money = it . Pazo
Ointment tails to cure you la 0 to 14 days. 60c*
A Guaranteed Cure for. Files.
SHARP DEBATE IN - SENATE.
tacked and Eefended.
President's Panama Policy Is At-
WASHINGTON, Jan. 13.— Panama
again to-day was . the principal sub
ject of consideration in the Senate,
and.. as on yesterday, the debate was
spirited. Carmack opened the pro
ceedings with a set speech in criticism
STOCKTON. Jan. 13.— The Jury In th« caM
or Carl Simon, the proprietor of Turner Hall
who wu charged with violating th« now
paloon ordinance requiring that all saloons clcsa
between 1 an<l 3 a. m.. failed to agree this
afternoon and was discharged. Much interest
-was manifested in th« case, as it was th«
first under the n»w ordinance. ' .
Honors to Dead Confederate.
ATLANTA. Ga., Jan. 13. — On a cat
afalque, draped with Hags, with the
banner of the lost cause lying over his
casket, the body of General John B,
Oordon lay in state to-day in the
marble corridors of Georgia's Capitol.
Guarded by the troops < 1 his own
State and viewed by thousands, the
dead chieftain received every honor
and tribute that could -s paid. All
flags in the city were at half-mast and
the oIIcji t t:-.e S* its. buildings were
clcred. To-morrow all of the prin
cipal places of business, the courts
and schools will be closed during the
hours of the funeral.
On the other hand, it is again an
nounced that the United States Gov
ernment stands ready to do everything
in its power to bring about an amicable
understanding between Colombia and
Panama. It may be that Panama will
Consent to go before The Ha^uo tri
bunal with Colombia and allow that
tribunal to decide whether or not Pan
ama shall make any concesslqns to Co
lombia on account of the severance of
political ties.
It is certain that the United States
Government jwould look with favor
upon the assumption by Panama of
tome small liability to make good the
heavy loss which Colombia has suffered.
The Government is even .willing to go
to the extent of guaranteeing the per
formance by Panama of any duty and
obligation she may assume toward
Colombia and exchanges on this basis
between interested parties are now in
progress. -,'.v •
WILL STRIVE FOR PEACE.
of the secession of Panama. Ivor will
It go before The Hague tribunal as a
party, to any proceeding:: growing out
of that seccBsion. It Is said that to do
any of these things would be to com
mit the administration to an admission
that it. had been guilty of wronging
Colombia. !
Continued From Pace 1, Column^ 4.
1 COLON, Jan. 13.— One of the chiefs
of the San Bias Indians named J6e
Howlen, who is well known in Coloni
arrived here, to-day and explained
that the unfriendly attitude of the In
dians, toward Panama *ls the result. of
representations made by the Colom
bians, who informed them . that - the
Panamaians had sold the territory of
the San Bias . Indians ~to the United
States,. He said that beyond Acanti
there were 4000 Colombians encamp
ed. He appears decided to fight for
Panama . against the \ Colombians.
Told That Panama Has Sold Thdlr
, . Lands to the , United States.
INDIANS ARE DECEIVED.
Spooner also gave " attention to the
charges -of disobedience of law by the
President. As the ; author of the
Spooner act, the speaker said, he wish
ed .to express the opinion that the law
had 'not been violated by what the
President had "done. The law, he said,
recognized the superiority of the Pan
ama route because it was short and
because it was susceptible of being
made a sea level canal. .
European nations.
Spooner replied to Carmack, saying
that he had felt regret at hearing the
criticisms of the President, who had
registered an oath in heaven to dis
charge hi3 duties. Carmack made a
sinister .and unsupported statement
when he said that 'this country had
begun a systematic ericroachinent on
the countries of the South" American
republics. No man had stood more
consistently for those republics than
had President Roosevelt and Spooner
instanced the course of the President
in the Venezuelan difficulty. No.Presi
dent in our history had stood more
stanchly for the Monroe doctrine^
, " '.'Into wha^t' difficulties may - we not
be led ; by this headlong man?. He
makes, -history as he would order, a
melodrama, " making certain that the
star performer is always in the' center
of the stage."
, He went on to say that 1 ' the -P'resi-'
'deht's course In this matter, was not
merely an act, but a policy, and,in
dicative of his character. It was not
meant for Colonjbla alone, but was the
beginning of a system of intermed
dling with the affairs of the countries
of Central and , South, America, and
such a policy must inevitably 'involve
us in war, not. only with the South
American nations themselves; but with
Carmack contended that the Presi
dent had not contented himself with
recognition of Panama, but had inter
vened. . , '
"His- acts were not simply offensive,
not simply a cause for war, but they
were war," he said. "As a matter of,
fact there never was any insurrection
on the isthmus. They speak of the.
rising as the act of one man. Very
true, and that one" man was the Presi
dent of the United States.". '* ; . / !
President Roosevelt, he said, lost the
power of reasoning: and his moral
sense when he became involved in ac
tion, and he exclaimed: .. ¦••
of the President's course and t was fol
lowed by i?pbdn«r, the only other
speaker of the day, in . (lufeiutc of the
J'residf-n't's action as law abiding arid
in defense .of . the President himself
"as a patriot ic, brave and tr lie man."
Snooiier war. frequently interrupted
by.Tillman and there were a number
of sharp encounters between them.
When the Senate adjourned the Pan
ama question was still before it and
It was announced the discussion* would
be resumed to-morrow after the dis
position of the Postofflce Department
inquiry resolutions. .
Murins Eye Remedy. A home cure for
Eye troubles. Never fails to win friends,
l.'sed for Infant and adult. Muring
doesn't smart. Druggists and opticians.*
Lieutenant II. A. liobichon Is
Sentenced by Court-Martial to
Dismissal From 'the Army
COLOMBIA IS DETERMINED TO BEGIN WAR
The run stopped this afternoon, two
hours, before the regular closing time,
after $325,000 had been paid out in
two days.
SUPERIOR, Wis.,^Jan. 13. — The run
on the First National Bank, which was
started yesterday mdrhing and kept
up throughout the day until past mid
night, was resumed this morning at
10 o'clock,- when fifty depositors were
In line. The bank had kept open un
til 1:30 o'clock this rnorning, when
the last of the depositors who had
stood in line for many hours was paid.
Wisconsin Institution Pays Out Over
$300,000 Before Uneasiness
Is .Allayctl.
BANK DEPOSITORS IN .
LINE FOR TWO DAYS
supposed to have been of Incendiary
origin, burned the Platt City Jail this
morning. John Delly, white, and four
unidentified negroes were burned to
death. Twenty other prisoners escaped
and a large number of officers are en
deavoring to recapture them.
Incendiaries Set Fire to Alabama
Prison and Twenty Inmates
Escape.
BIRMINGHAM. Ala., Jan. 13.— Fire.
JAIL DESTROYED AND
TWO NEGROES BURNED
TOULON, France. Jan. 13.—Lieuten
ant' Trouille, discovertng. that .an or
derly named Cretien, 20 years of age,
was in love with Mme. Trouille, dis
missed the man this afternoon. To
night during Trouille's absence Cretien
entered the house and seized Mme.
Trouille. After a. violent struggle he
threw her out of the window, killing
her instantly. Cretien was arrested
and was with difficulty saved from be
ing lynched.
Madame Trouille was 22 years of age
ar.d had been married only three
months.
Subordinate Toully Avenses Ills Dis
missal by a French Army
Officer.
ORDERLY MURDERS THE
'¦'¦ .WIFE OP LIEUTENANT
PITTSBURG, Jan. 13.— At to-day's
session of Np. 5, United Mine Worker*,
the convention passed .- the following
resolution: ...... ?
"That a strike be inaugurated /it all
the mines operated by the United States
Steel Corporation In this district and
also in the coke regions; that .we jilace
all our force of officers and organizes
in the coke regions for. the purpose cf
enforcing a strike at all of this com
pany's plants in the Connellsville re
gion, where reductions have 'already
been made."
Walkout Will Take Place In Mines
Operated by the United States
Steel Corporation.
UNITED 31IXE WORKERS
ISSUE 'A STRIKE QRDER
FOUND GUILTY
OF MISCONDUCT
Dawson reversed the current and
jumped, thus saving his life. The force,
6t the collision tore loose all the seats
in the westbound car, crushed the ends
of both cars ajid threw aU the passen
gers from their seats,. In a confused
• . heap. -:- J .•.;¦'*",.¦;>./¦. -^-:"'V.^. \
» Mrs. Priest was ¦ thrown^ ..through a
1 door :and.?"was picked . up iuncdhscious.
! She^;was placed 'aboard a: relief train,
butdied "'^ftJriTfeachins Whittier. The
1 btheriinjurcd !\vere br6ughf,{6. this city
'; a nd : . r v emo'vcj3: to hospitals. , The most
Si^kH5.*V''fely. r ?? ; A/v^honi; Rfrt£ Queen,
I :-I«'"mb^^Q33JectetE>t©' r illvt': through 1 j the
,'nighl. '" "Conductor. ;Kichols> whose duty
: v it? Wfts^tovturncltije switch, declares .that
jheUjirntfd^t.j 1^
¦car^ust-^yitVbfipt^tH^ and
¦ -takVn^tUejaiiiln^^^h'.'.ejLam^itJ 011 °*
the switch. -shows thaft^itJ hjad not been
-set back' in' place dnd that^the-car on
the siding might &.s well haye been^on
the main linei*; The road blocked
for hours. ; : y :. ; > ¦'?
'> ¦MR^.JJ.HS. PRIEST of Whittier.
The most- serlqusly injured are Mrs.
J. P. Queen," 1023 Temple^street, Los
Angeles, probably fatal.' concussion of
brain and fracture, 'of; the, skull; J.
R. Cocke, Lob Alamitos, . Internally jn
jured, probably fatal;, .J.' J. Townsley,
Whittier, internal '/injuries; Fred, L.
Benedict, 215 West Sixteenth street,
Los Angeles, scalp wounds. Others se
verely but not dangerously injured are
R. F. Edwards. Mrk- W. A. Veyette,
Frank Platt, J. D. Nichols, G. C. Clark
son, A. L. Adams and' D. C- Jennings,'
all of this city.,:." -.;.;..¦
The wreck jwas caused .by the care
lessness of a conductor In. not closing,
the switch connecting the main line
with a siding. Car No>' 253 bound for.
Whittier had taken a siding at T4y-'
lor^s crossing to permit the westboqnd
car No.- 253 to : pass. That car ap
proached at full speed, Motorman
Davison'. believing thd"..s.wltch had been
closed. When the switch was reached
the heavy car swung into the siding
and crashed into the car standing
there. '" ' •< ' '. ' '
WhiUier^raheh of the 'Pacific Electric
Railway .near Rio Hondo, a small sta-
Jion",flve miles west of Whittier.
¦ VT he^ dead: ¦:'¦ '. '"'¦ . :
.^LOS ANGELES, .Jan. 13.— <)ne pae
seriger .was vkilled, ; two fatally • injured
end. 'a- score '.'moire- badly bruised th'is
evening in' a .head-on 'collision on ! the
Special Dispatch to The Call
Motorihain : Saves His Life by
..jumping to the Ground When
Collision Is
" f Certain to Occur at Siding
In the locomotive cab were Engineer
Andrew Neff and Fireman Fred Bevin.
Volta is a day telegraph station and
in not a stopping station except for
flagged trains and certain locals. It is
136 m'les from San Francisco.
A dispatch from Fresno says all the
passengers were badly shaken up and
two mail clerks were bruised, but not
seriously Injured. There was a dense
fop. Ties had been piled across the
track about 200 yards east of the Volta
station.
Superintendent Palmer -aid the delay
to the train would depend upon the
speed with which the derailed cars
'were replaced. As to the accident it
cclf t.ie euperintender* said: "The owl
was derailed by a broken or loose tim
ber, s : far as I have be»n*ble to learn,
at midnight. In the darkness It is dif
ficult for trainmen to discover just
what causes an accident of this kind.
The train -..'as on time. I sent an en
gine from Tracy to pull th: derailed
eng1:.e and cars on the tracks. It will
take several hours to do this work.
T«e accident did no .erious damage
ard no one was hurt."
¦ 1th a string of freight trains stalled
r.orth and south bound over the Mendo
ta branch.
As icon as the accident reported
I Ivision Superintendent Palmer or
dered a wrecking engine and outfit to
run down with all speed to Volta from
Tracy, the point nearest to the siding
vbere assistance cou!o" be given. The
derailment blocked the west side tracks
and "snowed" the train dispatchers
As the Owl is one of the fastest
trains on the Southern Pacific Com
pany's lines, it was the result of cool
headed work to bring the train to a
stop before more serious results oc
curred. The deraii«*d engine and cars
ran some distance pounding: over the
ties and tearing up road bed before the
Ft op was made. Passengers were given
a lively shaking up. The railroad men
at division headquarters said no dam
age vras done that v.ould prevent the
train from continuing en its interrupt
ed Journey pouth soon after the derailed
rars and locomotive were replaced on
the track.
The engine, tender and four cars
were derailed at the switch and were
run off the tracks, but neither the lo
comotive nor anv of the coaches or
baggrage cars was overturned. Accord
ing to the brief rcoort filed at Division
Superintendent W. S. Palmer's office at
Oakland Pier, none of the passengers
nor the train crew wore injured. The
Owl wa«-on time and was running rap
idly. At midnight news of the exact
cause of the derailment had not bern
Bent from the seme of the wreck. The
traimiren. working in the dark, repdrt
ed their rudicf that a loose timber at
the sv.itch connections had struck the
engine wheels, causing the locomotive
to leave the. track and carrying the
fcur cars with it, before the momen
tum was checked.
The Southern Pacific Company's Owl
train for L<os Angeles, which left Oak
land i»ier at 5:30 oVlock this afternoon,
was ditched shortly after 9 o'clock to
nigrht at Volta, a siding on the West
Side Branch in the San Joaquin Valley
fifty miles south of Tracy and forty
miles north of Mendota.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway, January 13.
CONDUCTOR IS BLAMED
FOR THE ACCIDENT
One Passenger Is Killed, Two
Fatally Jnjured and a Score
or More Bruised in a Trolley
Smash-Up Near "Whittier
Heavy Fop; at Scene Prevents
Discovery of Full Details of
the Accident Bein fe - obtained
NO PASSEXGEKS HURT
Running at High Speed Near
Volta and Loose Timbers
Derail It in the Darkness
Joseph Nieblas made the following
statement yesterday: ?
Border and Blaise used to ecme hOffl* regu
larly ewty nljtM at.out 9 o'c'oik. We always
knew wh<n they came in because we coultl
Miss Flatley resides with her parents
at 15 Marshall street, off the Mission
road, near St. Mary's College. She says
that the connection of her name with
the affair .has caused her to be the ob
ject of the gaze of the wh61e Mission. 1
She will hare to move, she says, to es
cape the notoriety which this incident
has brought her.
Miss Flatley was formerly .employed
by the Pacific States Telephone Com
pany ac an operator, but left them a
Ehcrt time ago to take a position in a
store, the name and r.ature of which
she refuses to divulpe.
The young lady .who has gained so
much notoriety comes of an honest and
hard-working family. They are ,iveil
known in the district where they live
and are respected."
LiAST SEEN* OF BLAISE.
I am all wroucht up in-er the appeawnoe of
my name In connection 4\*!th this horrtble nf-
Jair. I have not had ariythir.5 to do'.wlth-Soe
»icr for th? Isst six mcn;h#. •* Prior to hi»-de
parture for Germany I had been keering com
pany with Urn far some time. He hid -given
me a watch and chain, a pair of earrmr* and
a cold i'!n. I never had ar.y intPntlo.n:t>r tnar
«Tins him. for I never iilted: his looks. Be-.
fore h» -r.ent aw-iy he asked me to become/
h!s wife and on my refusal h<» abuse.I ine-ter
:iblj-. He ask!»<l me to return his jewelry -that
he had given me, and when I refused said that
he wouM get them back If he had to get them
by force. - -. . .
¦When he went to-Garaanyl thought that I
should be rid of him fcrerer. When he re
turned in December- he a*ain began coming
u> my house. I. however, refused to see him
for I was afraid of him. He persisted in pay
ins the house visits !n an endeavor to regain
the jewelry that he had given me. I h»»ard
nothing of him ngain until he applied for a
warrant in Marin County for my arrest on a
charge of grand larceny. ¦ ¦ .
Miss Flatley denied that her brother
had ever D*id a visit to the r.oc V of
Soeder and Blaise, or had been ejected
from them by Soeder. She also refused
to say anything about the statement
that Soeder made to her that he would
have $7000 in about three weeks if she
would marry him.
The trunk which Soeder had stored
with Michael Risso of 42S0 Mission
street when searched yesterday was
found to be empty. It was taken to
the property room of the police de
partment.
Soeder when .interviewed refused . to
answer any ! questions about/ his.Jrela
tlons with Miss THatley. "Why should
I lure rny brother-in-law #from his^wife
and children -in Germany— his : wife 1
who Is my sister— to kill him?", tie
asked. - i ' ¦ ¦ , t '• -"•J..-T/
When asked about the Insuranc^on
the life- of Blaise Soeder became »s^lerit
and refused to talk. He did ' np^ ;>s|eem'.
worried and smiled tho while hevwaa
being interviewed. He still. -adheres to
all his former statements that have. : npt
been proven false. What h~e has }sald
in regard to his connection;- with 'the
murder has been generally, upset ,and
proven untrue by the evidence obtained
by the r>olice. % \ ; ¦'" ? , ;. ¦/¦- .
Miss Catherine ihaOey. made the fol
lowing statement ¦ yesterday: ;., '¦
ance Company. L. R. Parker, the gen
eral agent, to whom Soeder applied
for the policy on the life of Blaise, be
came suspicious when the two men
gave their occupations as that of
cooks. Later on the demand for the
policy of $7000 was sent to the main
office of the company in the East. The
policy has not yet been returned to
Manager Parker and he says that
Soeder in the event of his getting free
will not bo able to secure any money
from them. - ' ' •
The 56000 insurance which Soeder se
cured on the life of Blaise from the
Pacific Mutual Lifelnsurance Company
will not have to be paid in the event
of the conviction of Sosder of the mur
der of Blaise. '
MISS FLATLKY TALKS.
Continued From Page 1, Column 7.
We. shall get out a- writ of habeas «-crpus to
morrow and compel tr-,-: poUc* to pr<-for a
charge agalnct Scx'ler ard brinf? him to court
for a trial or r£)cts* him from the
prison Where he is now heJd. There is
n-i cHarsre ag&lnnt tb» rpsu. •. and tve
will show the police uh»-!her 8- Jnati is to b«
deprived of h!s liberty when they have noth
inK in the tray <'f a char** fcfrita*! him.
The j.clice r.cecir:"t think thai they will fret
Fr-tiler to isihivif anything. Ho i:- just about
or- 6l>rewd as tlvy arc. Whfl: ths-y &fi Mm io
nifeke any tnorlinirmtir.j; AOtrjlKSlcrtc B4pUnit
lilmaftlf It vill pfl Rome cih»;: tlrr.r. certainly
net in this 2iM ; I tim h's ottonny in tlia
(.ase now pendlca in the Jur.ficc/e Court in this
Alexander Campbell, who,, with Ed
ward S. Salomon, is acting as attorney
for the man accused of murder, is very
much incensed at the action of the 1 po
lice. He says that he. has repeatedly
called to see Soeder and that every
time that he or Salomon has called
they havp been refused permission
to see Soeder by Chief Wittman.
Campbell said: .
f arid j her" 'husband^ -said
that, Blaise' was" a. very quiet- young
rr^ah, and although he could, not speak
English V always- sre^ted her "with a
plVasanf' "Good ' mdrnlng," 'or- "Good
evenjng;" which phrases t iie; had learned
dyrihg, his short stayjn- the city... '"He
used 1 . to come and go all day long," she
said, s "though most of the time he. was
in; the company of his -brother-ln-IaTvV
Seeder. Soeder was also quiet and sel-'
dom had a pleasant word 'to say. Not
that he said anything .that" was not
pljeasant, *ut • he . A ; e,ry ¦ much ; to
himself. He ofteh^asked-me.if any.in
surance men had called. ;'A short time
back he told me , that; he was i going to
takeout an insurance policy for Blaise.
"There were, a dozen insurance men
called at different times.*'. He used to
sil at the window.and watch for them,
apparently- very anxiously.. One day an
insurance man. came to the door and
asked r husband for Soeder or Blaise.
My husband had forgotten Soeder's
name and toldf him that he did not
know any such man.* After the man
had gone Soeder came out of his room
and wanted to know if the man who had
called asked for either him or Blaise.
It was then that my husband remem
bered his name and told Soeder that he
was very sorry that he had sent the
insurance. . man :.."ay. After that'
Soeder wrote his name and Blaise's
on the front door, with an appendage
as to the hour he expected to be home.
After ho had secured the Insurance
policy he removed the paper from the
door and seemed to be in an easier
frame of mind. I never knew in whose
name the policy was made, nor the
amount that it called for."
ATTORNEY INDIGXAXT. ,
Mrs. Xieblas told how-she had made
the bed-after SoetJerhad-grrne-out-and
found that, it bore evidence of having
been lain in. ,She was ynable/'to state
whether Soedei* had .com'eUn until late,
as she"saj's that "she and her husband
went to 1 sleep about-11 o'clock.-;
On Sum!ay ntsht about 5 o'clock Blaise artd
Soeder left the house to go to supper. ' That
was the laet we ever mw of Blaise. We had
a late supper that night, my husbaTM
was not working and had been busy papering
the rooms upstairs. It was after half F»*t
nine when we fat down to snpper. Up~ to
that time we -had not heard- either' of the
men return; The- following ' mornfng (Mon
day) Soeder arose at- half past six and im
mediately, went to th« door to get the morn-
Ing rarer. He was not in the habit of aris
ing 6O carls', but generally got his' paper when
he \va? -drcEEcd and read It.. This morning
we h»erd him bo- and open the front door and
¦supposed he went to gejt thei paper. This was
afierwardp proven, for in about five minutes,.;
giving hir.i time enough to scan the paper; he
came to our floor and rapped. He was dressed
• 11 but his coat. «nd vest. Hehad-the paper lri
his hand and seemed vtry much worried. He
told us that he .v.-as Bfrald for his companion,
as he ha<3 notVcojne/, home during tho night.
"I am afraid he has met with foul piny," he
oaid. "for when I left him lart nlsht he said
that he was going out in -.tbo Mission to see
Rome friends of hi?. These friends were t\vo
German Kirls who had come over on the
steamer witlr he and .Soeder. It -was about
half past; seven, "vy he n . Seeder, left . the, house
and said that he was: goiriK to. look for Blalss.
I knew nothing more until I .heard of. the
murder and Boeder's arrests -: •¦ •. , . ¦-; .- ¦
hoar them letting down the folding-bed. The
liJnges of the bed made a rasping sound that
was audible in our room, which is directly
back of that of the two men.
At 4 o'clock/ln the r aftern6ot» Soeder
again appeared at -. Melenl>erg*3l place
and said tha,t the. dead/ body; of his
brother-iri-law, had -been ;'found, and
that he had'beeii RHKd 'by ;an acTCiflent*
Meienberg ststdfl : that \Soede,r was in
a great state of nervous excitement,
and after taking.a couple of drinks* he
started back to ¦ town, and that Was
the last he ht-ard or saw. of him un
til he learned he had been arrested and
accused of murdering Blaise.
since' thai- time. ' '.:'.; .;. f.;i< \.: "
While Soeder was always bright and
cheerful^, Blaise on the contrary seemed
very quiet, and had little to;.say, but
always entered Into the general con
versation, speaking only German, as
fceVcouId not .say a word in English,
Melenberg said. ' On Monday morning
at 9 .o'clock, Sooder called, oh. Melen
berjr and asked him if Blaise^ yfas there".
Me.iehbtrg was much Surprised at- svjch
an inquiry, ,[ and 'asked t nimV why- he
came, out there to; :fiiid-him^- :r Soeder
replied by stating .that on/y Sunday,
evening. Blaise had. gone out "for a, walk
by himself (*¦ but '.-¦ag. .lie shad.' not cqi^^
home, he> t hough V'v'posstbiy'it-ft e'r^pfght
have spentT-lhe-jliigbf ij'at •Heie'nbcrg'a
home. i'«ienbe2§. upbrftid-e*!: Soeder" for]"
allowing Biiiseito ¦ wahcfe^Srpiind ; tjiQ."
city alone at night, as ho wasruhftMJiiK
Jar with thty'towrL, Soeder^ then .wenf
back to towhi .. "' ¦ ., ¦,.':;.' •• ,'J'. . •-•
\ Blaise told Miss Meiers that he had
left a wife and three/children in Ger
many and)' that : Soeder 'had come to
Germany ; for; the, express jpurpose^of
bringing' him /out to. this country, and
had promised him that he could make
a lot of 'money up in 'Alaska, and that
theyvwere both' going- up '. -.there, and
so soon as they were able they were
going to send for his family to come",
out. Blaise's ideas of geography were
limited so far. as Alaaka: was*" con
cerned, and. he only had a 'vague. idea
of where they were going. -'The two
men arrived here .about four weeks
ago and at once called on Miss^Meiers
and had ¦.made frequent; visits" to her
CALLS OS MEIENBERG.
Moritz Melenberg of. '4 800 Mission
street was well acquainted with Blaise
and also with the Iman now .accused
of murdering him., . ,.* •• - t
¦ Meienberg stated that he \ became
acquainted- with both persons. through
his nieces,; Miss Annie -Meiers.- Ac
cording; to his statement. Miss Meiers
and her friend,. Miss Annie Staulv were
passengers on the steamer La Tour
aine coming to America from Ger
many, and there 'made the acquaint
ance of Sbeder and Blaise, "who were
fellow passengers. During the voy
age the. four became very friendly and
when they parted' in New York Miss
Meiers gave Boeder the address of her
future home' in' San Francisco / and
asked him to call and see her.'
1 On the vovage across the Atlantic
Soeder told Miss Meiers that he had
lived for 'sixteen years* in California,"
and that ;iie had.- left San- Francisco!
in April to go. back -.to Germany, ' i<x
bring out his brother-in-law to 'Call- '
fornia, and had paid" all the expenses,
of the.- trip, himself. • During* the*pas-<
sage Soeder. .opened his watch and -in
the inside lid was a photograph :qf.^ a!
young woman whom he said he "in- ;
.tended .to: marry- when he go.t back\to;
,San FranciscQ.% This phot6graph,, Miss'
;jtfeiers claims, is the exact likeness; of;
£liss 'dktherine' Flatleyv *;'¦„ '. ' ' ;: '
, ' On the steamer Soeder' was jolly
and bright and made friends right and
left with everybody. ' .As 'he was not
seasick he . .was . ready toV-'qheer up
those 'who were, and. became one of
the most popular i men oh the' ship.
JOVIAL OX STEAMSHIP.
city. Soeder lias filer! a suit of claim and. de
livery, but the case has not yet come to trial.
The suit is to recovery jewelry valued at th«
sum of about $200. which «Miss Flatley has
been keeping. The jewelry belongs to Boeder
and he will get it.
CARS MEET
WITH SRASH
AT SWITCH
OWL TRAIN
IS DITCHED
WOMAN MAKES DAMAGING STATEMENT,
AGAINST ALLEGED SLAYER OF BLAISE
THE $AN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY. JANUARY 14, 1904.
2
GREEXBERG A GREEXBERG.
GREENBER6 &~~6REENBERG
6— SPECIALS-6
For Thursday and Friday.
Lace Hose, 33c
BOo, BOo, 55c Values for 33 c
Beits, 25c
50 o, 7 Bo, $1 Values (or 2 So
Ladies 9 Kimonas, 98c
St.S;, St. 73 Values, for 880
Hose Supporters, 19c
26c Hose Supporters for Wo
Neckwear, 35c
SOo to St. 25 Values for 3 Bo
Lawn Fiounce, 58c
&1.2O, St. 25, S1.5O Values
for 58c
All country orders receive prompt
attention.
Samples oj Laces, Trimmings, etc.,
sent to any address.
GREENBERG^GREENBERG,
31, 33, 35 and 37 GranT-AY^i
COR. GEARY STREET. .
BROTHER AND SISTER CURED
(Catarrh of the head Often' Causes Catarrh of the Stomach.)
j^Mi^$Mlfr^/ P^ ru-na ' s Unequalei as
£$KB§j$fi^ a Family Remedy for
lh8 . CatarrllIi DiS8as8S
. . S. A. Miller, R. D. 3. Lima. O., writes: MSw^tAWI/
"/suffered with catarrh in my head for ylaL/uSa^a^^^^/JSti/Lf^r H
v era) years and every time I would catch C~^\ <? . A. . . J\,f f - 1 rp ¦
cold it would get worse, and as my sister \ v- jlILIX*^'* \
had used Peruna for' catarrh and received V i '" -^ '¦ 00 *~~ ¦ *
such great benefit I concluded to try it too. sans a h08t O f derangements* too num...,
and used about three and one-half bottles erous to mention.
and J fee! no symptoms of the disease any a Zl7,T^Vrl^iTcil^ nd "****?
more. It is the best remedy for colds I Peruna is a systemic remedy, and-
ever found. I recommend it 'to anyone hence cures catarrh of the . ln J-fJ n^
_ - ... -.-.'¦ ¦¦¦'¦ organs as surely as it does catarrh or
suffering with catarrh. the cx temal organs, as no local applica-
" My sister MJ catarrh. of the head and tion to the affected organ Is necessary.
stomach and doctored with several of our vvith the System Fortified Aialnst
best physicians without receiving any bene- Catarrh by Pe runa the Cold Weather
m and they finally gave her case up as a & withstood. .
hopeless one. She heard of Peruna and • " 1Ml " -
nft»r uvitta i**eral bottles was cured "— Mrs - James Williams. 110 Weimar St.
after using several bottles was cured. — J App ] eton> V is.. writes: "It Is with pleas-
S. 'A. Miller. uVe that I send you the photograph of my
f. ' • : . . twins. They had always s-flered with
WHAT IS CATARRH 7 catarrh of the head from ir.e time of
WMAli - lOjLrAtlMnnn . theJr lnfancy# and nothing seemed to
.¦¦¦ '-'i ¦- ¦ . • ' _ , ¦ ... ., I, relieve them until a friend advised me
The Opinion Of an Eminent Medical to give them a little Peruna. saying it
Authority : would not harm them if it did them no
'*•'¦¦'- Mumwijvjr. . good. I gave them very s'mall doses and '
i Catarrh is the cause of more diseases it not only relieved them of their catarrh
; than all other causes combined. There Dut it seemed to build .them up »o tbey
: are very few diseases ' to which human j can now withstand the cold weather. It
> flesh is subject that cannot be traced | built isp their general systems and they
! directly to catarrh, v xot only is catarrh are certainly well and strong." — Mrs.
•capable -of producing a great variety of James Williams.
\ diseases, but it also attacks any organ If you do not der i ve prompt and satis-
' or part of the body. factory results from the use of Peruna.
I ' It causes in the ears deafness, in the writo at once to Dr. Hartman. giving a
pyes. blindness; in the head and throat full statement of your case and he will
I discharges and offensive odors; in the be pleased to give you his valuable _ad-
t bronchial tubes and larynx, cough and vice gratis.
; hoarseness; in the lungs, consumQtion; Address Dr. Hartman. President of
fin'tho stomach, dyspepsia: in the kid- The Hartman Sanitarium, Corumbu*.
neys Brighfs Disease, in the pelvic or- 1 Ohio.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
/'.'-'..^jdHK' ood Hats'-
• .'jflBHH--' for every" day
alone responsible for the im- Jk yr y£^^
mensc.sale. The increased j/rv&K' /f
trade is due mostly to the su- : »r ¦¦;¦''.¦ wr -Syy
fied customers come again arid tell their friends. -The result
is that every one of our orders to the factory is larger than
the preceding one. We have just unpacked a new shipment
of these hats. They come in eight different styles^ — soft and
stiff— in as many different colors.
. .Each hat is union made and guaranteed by Us. "If a fo a t
does not wear well you can have another one at no cost.
Out-of-town orders filled — zvritc us.
¦;¦.''¦¦¦;; '',-..., 740 Market Street ;CHINESE DIPLOMAT WHO SIGNED THE TREATY RATIFICATION.
SCENE IN TOWN TO BE OPENED TO TRADE AND PACIFIC
LINER WHICH IS TO BECOME A JAPANESE TRANSPORT.
recognized him as Kennedy. The Jurors
were asked If they ever > attended, a
masquerade ¦ ball." It will - be claimed
that where the features ' c^ the face are
concealed ; by s a mask I :he*re are Y great
chances of a mistake being made in
an identification.: . -- ;
LONDON, Jan. 14.— All of the morn
ing papers have editorials which at
tach great Importance to the ratifica
tion of the commercial treaties between
the United States and China and \ be
tween Japan and China. The consen
sus of opinion In these editorials is that
the ratification of the .treaties implies
an act of spvereUmty by China equiv
alent to a declaration that Russia's oc
cupation of : Manchuria is only tem
porary/and for special purposes.
pro-Japanese Morning Post says: '
Treaty Has Given America a Voice in
the Manchurian Dispute.
PLEASES THE BRITON'S.
CHICAGO, Jan. 13.— The Chicago and
Northwestern Railroad • has issued an
order that under no circumstances shall
passenger trains exceed their schedule
speed. No matter how late a train
may.be the engineer must not make. up
time by running faster than his sched
ule calls for. All trains-. that become
late on any portion of their trip must
arrive at destinations late.
The explanation is made that the
management does .not care to risk dis
aster which mis ht occur on account of
fast running to make up lost time.
Chicago and Northwestern Railroad
' Adopts' New Measure to Prc
vent Accidents.
TRAINS MUST BE RUN
1 ON SCHEDULE TIME
HILLSBORO, Ore., Jan. 13.— Rev.
Richard Kennedy, pastor of the First'
Congregational Church, was placed on
trial to-day on a charge of robbing the
residence of E. j H. Warren last Sep
tember. '
Mrs. B. F. Mackinder of St. Helena,
Cal., who was visiting at the Warren
home the night of the burglary, and
who lost a gold watch, two. rings and
$7 50 In money, arrived here last night
to appear as a witness. ~-' : : C?
. Contrary to expectations but little
difficulty was experienced in securing a
Jury. Though the particulars of the
burglary were reported in nearly every
paper of any consequencein the United
States, but few Jurors called heard any
of the circumstances surrounding the
¦crime -.with which Kennedy is charged.
From questions asked the Jurors -by
Kennedy's . counsel- it is apparent the
defense will make a strong. attempt to
break down the evidence of the, prose
cution upon the question 'of ldentifica
tion/^v;.;^-;:^:
-Minnie i Warren and Mrs. Mackinder
have both testified heretofore that: al
though the burglar* wore a mask they '
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Rev. Richard Kennedy of Hills
boro Is Placed on Trial of
Charge of Robbing Residence
Japanese Government Calls for the
Toyo Kisen Kalsha's Steamships.
According to a cablegram received
yesterday by the Pacific Mall Com
pany, the Japanese Government has
called in the liners Nippon Maru,
Hongkong Maru and America Maru
for use in the imperial transport ser
vice. These vessels have been run
ning between the Orient and this port
in connection with the Pacific Mail
and Occidental and Oriental steam
ship companies for the past' five years
and are three of the smartest Hner3
on the Pacific. They were built in
1&98 in England, and the Japanese
Government has since paid the Toyo
Kisen Kaisha a handsome subsidy for
the privilege of claiming their ser
vices in the event of war. The com
pany has maintained the boats at a
standard of condition stipulated for
in the subsidy agreement,
* The three liners, only a few months
ago, underwent the annual Govern
ment survey and speed trial and in
each ] case proved stouter and speed
ier than the Mikado's requirements.
In one case a typhoon intruded its
tail end on the • performance, but in
epite of this serious interference the
steamship "made good."
The America Maru is due here on
Saturday and will return direct to
Japan as soon as her cargo Is dis
charged. The Nippon Maru left here
December 30, and the Hongkong Maru
1* In Japanese waters. 'The Nippon
LINERS FOR TRANSPORT DUTY.
JURY IS FOUND
TO TRY PASTOR
PEKING, Jan. 13. — The forecast of
Russia's position regarding Manchu
ria, cabled from Berlin on January
11, coincides with the information re
ceived by the foreign legations here,
and also strengthens the impression
that war is unavoidable. At the Jap
anese legation no effort is made to
conceal the belief that war is ex
pected.
The crux of the situation is still
Russia's refusal to admit the right of
Japan to a voice in the settlement of
Manchurian affairs, which Japan con
siders one of Its most vital Interests,
and to sustain which the Japanese
Government is determined to resort
to arms if necessary.
The maintenance of Chinese neu
trality would banish the specter of a
Russian occupation of Peking, which
is greatly alarming the Chinese and is
causing some uneasiness at the le
gations, since, in anticipation of Rus
sia's approach, the court would "leave
Peking and the capital would? be re
moved to the Interior. 7: yj'ti
Believes War Unavoidable and Lega
tions Fear the Consequences.
PEKING'S ALARM CONTINUES.
The St. Petersburg correspondent of
the Paris edition of the New York
Herald and the special cablegrams from
other correspondents at the Russian
capital say that the opinion is held
that the ratification of the Japanese
and American treaties came as a shock
to the Russian Foreign Office.
The Datlv News thinks that China
"has displayed ominous courage in her
recent diplomacy, which will make for
peace owing to the tremendous hazards
which war under the present circum
stances would involve."
"This is precisely the point for which
Japan has been contending and which
Russia declined to discuss with her.
Japan is now in the advantageous po
sition of championing a cause which is
also that of the United States."
and Hongkong are registered 4351
tons; the America is larger, by 1569
tons.
W. H. Avery. the local agent for
the Toyo KIsen Kaislia, is at present
in New York. Acting Agent B. A.
Harnett, up to a late hour last night,
had received no direct word from the
Japanese company and did not know
what action would be taken to care
for the . freight contracts and other
business the taking off of the boats
will leave on their hands. It is proba
ble that vessels will be chartered to
take the place of the called In Marus
and the business carried on under ,the
British flag until the trouble in the
Far East simmers down.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 13.— The Japan
ese Minister here, Takahira, to-day
made public the text of the treaty
ratified yesterday at Peking between
Japan and China. TLe text consists
of thirteen articles and covers much
of the same ground as does the treaty
between the United States and China.
ratifications of which have Just been
Agreement Extends Tokio's Influence
in the Flowery Kingdom.
CHINOyAPANESE TREATY.
LOS ANGELEo/ Jan. 13.— Hanging
over the dashboard of what remained
of his automobile and burned to a crisp,
the bodv of C. L. Caldwell, who had
been missing since the evening of the
Eth inst., was found late to-night in
the middle of a field two. miles from
the southwestern corner of the city.
The front wheels of the machine were
in a deep hole and the rear wheels
were -hanging over the edge, showing
that the automobile had been wrecked.
The fuel tank had exploded, and Cald
well had been burned - to* death pre
sumably because he had received in
juries that prevented him from saving
himself. The position of the body
showed that Caldwell had been thrown
from the seat, and after the bursting
of the gasoline tank the inflammable
fluid had run in'a pool about his feet,
placing his body in the center of the
fire.
Caldwell was last seen a week ago
yesterday, when he .started ,for his
home at the Dominguez ranch. He had
been drinking and could hardly con
trol his machine. How he jcame to the
place where the body was found will
never be known, but he had left the
main road and ridden through a field
a cruarter cf a mUe before the acci
dent happened. The decease4 was a
man of considerable wealth. He mar
ried a 'daughter of the late George Car
son, a pioneer of this section, and was
a member of the Dominguez family,
branches of which reside in various
sections of the State. He leaves a wife
and one child. •
Special DiEpn»'*h to The Call,
Wreckage of Burned Automo
bile Tells the Terrible Story
of How C. L. Caldwell, Miss
ing From Home, Met Death
The reports circulated to the effect
that M. Bezobrazoff, a leader of the
war party, whom the Czar recently
made a Secretary of State, had fallen
into disfavor, appear to have been un
true. He is going to Switzerland to
visit his family, but the appointment
of his associate, M. Matunin, the former
Russian Charge d'Affaires at Seoul, as
assistant of Admiral Abaza, executive
chief of the committee of the Far East,
is regarded as proof that M. Bezo
brazoff's influence, or the influence of
the party to which he belongs, has not
ceased to have weight In the councils
of the Russian empire. On the other
hand Matunin's appointment is re
garded as a gain by the opposition to
Foreign Minister Lamsdorff.
There is strong discontent with the
Government's policy among the ma
jority of the reading public, except in
army and navy circles, and even these
are not particularly anxious for war.
The general public considers that the
country's honor would be unsullied
even were no attention paid to Japan's
demands.
Conclusions favorable to peace could
be drawn from these sentiments only
if the popular discontent had reached
the masses, which hitherto have been
Ignorant of the fact that war is even
threatened.
ST. PETERSBURG, Jan. 13.—Lieu
tenant General de Wahle, assistant
Minister of the Interior, has been ap
pointed a member of the Imperial
Council. It is rumored that Grand
Duke Vladimir Alexandrovitch will be
appointed president- of the council, in
succession to Grand Duke Michael No
colaivitch, but this is not confirmed in
well-informed circles.
Grand Duke Vladimir May Head the
Imperial Council.
RUSSIAN POLITICAL CHANGES.
without giving offense to either dis
putant, under the terms of The Hague
convention, to which Japan as well as
Russia was a signatory.
SEARCHERS
FIND BODY
IN A FIELD
PARIS, Jan. 14.— The Matin claims
to be authoritatively informed that
France and Great Britain are contem
plating a Joint offer of their good of
fices, which diplomatists believe will be
successful. The two powers will ad
dress themselves especially to Japan.
The Japanese legation expressed the
opinion that these good offices would be
favorably received at Tokio, but it is
feared that Russia will profit by the
delay and complete her armament.
At the Russian Embassy such fears
were declared to be unfounded, Rus
sia's defensive preparations being am
ply sufficient and the Czar's policy
resolutely pacific
A diplomatist interviewed by the
.Echo de Paris says that the French
engagement with Russia does not in
clude military intervention in the Far
East, but in the extremely unlikely
event that Great Britain would be
obliged to help Japan, according to
their treaty engagements, France and
Russia would take measures to safe
guard their interests, as provided by
the convention signed in March, 1902.
Thus far the representations which
Great Britain has made to Japan and
which France has made to Russia have
been in the way of advice that some
pacific means be found for determining
the dispute, rather than in the direc
tion of mediation. It was said posi
tively to-day that no representations
of a mediatory character had yet been
submitted, nor was it expected that
anything of the kind would be done
until after the contents of the Japan
ese reply to the latest Russian note
had become known. If the situation
warrants then, efforts at mediation
will be made. There seems no doubt
that such a step will be permissible
1 ranee and Great Britain Likely to
Propose Mediation.
POWERS >L\Y INTERVENE.
TORT SAID, Jan. 13. — The Russian
cruiser Aurora arrived here to-day,
soon followed by the Russian cruiser
Dmitri Donskoi and seven Russian
torpedo-boat destroyers. The Dmitri
Donskoi entered the Suez canal bound
for the Far East. The torpedo-boat
destroyers will await the arrival here
of the remainder of the Russian Med
iterranean squadron, which Is expect
ed soon.
The Japanese armored cruiser Ka
saga (formerly the Moreno, bought at
Genoa from Argentina) has arrived
here.
Russian Cruiser Will Be Followed by
Entire Mediterranean Squadron.
STARTS THROUGH SUEZ CANAL.
BERLIN. Jan. 13.— The threatened
rising of the Hereros tribe, numbering
from 30.000 to 40.000 men, news of which
has been telegraphed here from Wind
hock, Damaraland, German Southwest
Africa, excites some apprehension at
the Colonial Bureau and Foreign Of
fice, as the German forces on the spot
are Inadequate to deal with a wide
spread Insurrection. There are 100O
white, troops in Southwest Africa and
military authorities sav that additional
troops must be sent as soon as definite
information i3 received that the Here
ros have really risen.
Germany Is Alarmed at the Ujrly De
meanor of Hereros Tribe In
Africa.
THREATENED UPRISING
CAUSES UNEASINESS
Mukden and Antung.
The President has selected these Con
suls from men of experience already
in the consular service and consequent
ly able to open the new field to trade
with the least possible delay. Their
names will be sent to the Senate as
noon as Congress makes provision for
their salary, which the State Depart
ment hopes will be done speedily. It is
regarded as very desirable that such
rights as we have acquired In Man
churia shall be fully established and
asserted in advance of any possible war
that might affect that vast territory
to the extent of a mange of sover
eignty.
The ceremony of exchange took place
at the State Department by appoint
ment at 11 o'clock. The Chinese Min
ister was accompanied by his secre
tary. Everything had been arranged
and Conger had notified the depart
ment that the Chinese Government had
placed an exchange copy of the treaty
In his hands yesterday. This te held
to be equivalent to the delivery^of the
document to the United States Gov
ernment, as required by the treaty it
self. So Secretary Hay and the Chi
nese Minister Joined to-day in signing
the protocol reciting the fact that rati
fication had been exchanged. The Chi
nese Minister will be given a copy of
the treaty by the State Department,
which he will forward to his Govern
ment for deposit in the imperial ar
chives in Peking, and when Conger's
copy reaches Washington It will be
placed In the State Department library.
The Times' Peking correspondent
eays: "Russia** position in Peking is
new a remarkable one, and the change
in China's attitude is striking. Rus
sia's wanton violation of all her pledges
has finally undeceived China and
thrown her into the arms of Japan."
While Japan's preparations are com
plete and her intelligence service sin
milarly effective, Russia is not ready.
There is great confusion on the Man
churtan Railway owing to the difficul
ties at Lake Baikal, and few Russian
troops have arrived by land. Russia's
military strength east of Lake Baikal
is exaggerated by the European news
papers.
The Times' Moscow correspondent
rays he hears that the Government
has claimed the services of the entire
volunteer fleet.
The Daily Mail's Toklo correspond
ent Bars that Japan's last note is
couched in most courteous language,
but that it reaffirms absolutely and un
equivocally Japan's inability to accept
Russia'* proposals, either as concerns
Korea or Manchuria.
The demands which Japan Is said to
have made, according to reports pub
lished abroad, hare caused some sur
prise In Toklo, according to the dis
patch, and It is now said that Japan
never asked for the evacuation of Man
churia, but. on the contrary, frankly
recognized Russia's special interests
there and her right to protect them.
Japan only demanded the realization
of Russia's pledges respecting China's
territorial Integrity in Manchuria, and
the freedom of residential rights and
International trade there.
LONDON. Jan. 13.— A dispatch from
Tckio to Heater's Telegram Company
ears that Japan's answer to the last
Russian note was handed this after
noon to Baron de Rosen, the Russian
Minister, and that negotiations will be
continued without any time limit being
•et for their termination.
Conflicting Reports as to the Text of Tokio Govern
ment's Answer to the Latest Proposals
From St. Petersburg.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 13.—Ratifica
tions of the American-Chinese com
mercial treaty were exenanged at the
State Department to-day by* Secretary
Hay and Sir Chengtung Liang Chang,
the Chinese Minister here. The treaty
provides for the opening of the ports
of 'Mukden and Antung, in Manchuria,
to the world's commerce. The Presi
dent signed the proclamation putting
the treaty into effect. It remains only
to appoint the necessary Consuls at
Article X provides for the creation
of an International settlement in Pe
king upon withdrawal of the foreign
legation guards and tbd foreign troops
in Chili. In this same article China
undertakes within six months to open
to trade the port of Changshafu, in the
province of Hunan; also Mukden and
Tatungkow, both in the province of
Shengking, where international settle
ments also are to be set apart.
Article XI pledges China to reform
its judicial system to accord with that
of Japan and "Western nations, Japan
agreeing to assist In the reform, and,
when that Is completed, to relinquish
extra territorial rights.
Article XII provides that the English
text of the treaty shall govern in case
of a difference In construction between
the parties.
Article XIII provides that the treaty
shall be ratified within six months.
The treaty has seven annexes, which
relate to subsidiary arrangements, such
as rules for the navigation of Internal
waters, etc. The next six articles relate
to the arrangements to be made for
the establishment of a place for Inter
national residences in Peking.
Article IX guarantees Japanese offi
cers and subjects full and free partic
ipation in all privileges enjoyed by the
Chinese officers and subjects and Japan
undertakes to show like privileges for
China in Japan. This Is in substance
a favored nation clause.
exchanged.
Briefly stated, the treaty provides,
first, for the abolition of the llkln taxes
by China, in consideration of the tax
on goods passing through Chinese cus
toms houses. Japan also agrees to ac
cept such changes in other Chinese
taxes relative to productions, excises,
opium and salt .as are accepted by
other treaty powers.
Article III guarantees the right of
Japanese steamships to navigate Chi
nese internal waterways to each treaty
port.
Articles. IV and V provide that in
cases of partnership for business pur
poses between Chinese and Japanese
subjects the rights of either shall be
protected by courts of their own na
tionality.
Article VI requires Chi..-, to estab
lish a national uniform coinage and
currency which shall b* accepted by
Japanese subjects, all customs dues,
however, to be paid on the basis of the
Haikwan tael.
Article VII requires the Chinese of
ficials to reform the system of Chinese
weights and measures.
Ratifications of American-Chinese Treaty Are
Exchanged and Manchuria Will Be Opened
i to the World's Commerce.
JAPAN'S REPLY TO RUSSIAN NOTE FIXES NO TIME LIMIT
AND NEGOTIATIONS BETWEEN THE RIVALS WILL CONTINUE
THE-: SAN -FRANCISCO- GALL, --THURSDAY, JANUARY -14,-1904.
LONDON, Jan. 14. — The Seoul correspondent of the Daily Mail says a stat* of panic
exists at the royal palace! The Emperor has issued a pitiful edict, stating that the coun
try is likely to be lost, owing to the weakness and vacillation of. the people. The Em
peror also has issued an ordinance warning the army not to fire in the event of a colli
sion between foreign troops. The correspondent adds that the entire city is extremely
turbulent.
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Which would you rath-
er have, if you could have
your choice, transparent
skin or perfect features ?
All the world would
choose one way; and you
can have it measurably.
If you use Pears' Soap
and live wholesomely
otherwise, you will have
the best complexion Na-
ture has for you.
Sold all over the world.
Your money goes twice as
'ar— Schilling's Best at your
irocefs — and comes right
jack if you don't think so.
1; r ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Sweaters Half Price
Our sale of Men's Sweaters for half-price is proving so
popular that any one wanting to get a good, all-wooj Sweater
at a saving had better purchase this week.
\ AJl-Wool Sweaters, well finished, fast colors, such as
navy, black, garnet, Oxford and fancy stripe effects in hand-
some combinations; the latest pineapple stitch. The assort-
ment is broken, but there are colors enough to suit alt tastes.
The Sweaters were $1.25, $1.50 and $1.85; the closing-out
Fine Wool Sweaters, h and knitted and finished, in plain
shades and handsome combination designs; fast colors, such
as cardinal, black; navy, slate, etc. These Sweaters will hold
their shape well through continual service. TJie assortment is
incomplete, but you will find something that will please you.
The former prices were $2.00, $2.50 and $3.00; the remaining
Sweaters will be sold for
•1.85
JBk. V
Out-of-town orders fMcd—kvritc its.
740 Market Streeton W line of Noe street, 45 N of Nineteenth, N
25 by W 83; $10. . - .-. ...... .¦••,¦..
City and County of San Francisco to William
Trebell; - lot* on • N ; line- Of .• Twenty-third street,'
56:6 W of Bartlett,' W 24 by N 120; gift. ¦
. Andrew Carl to Julia, Carl, lot on S line of
Same to Louis M. Zlmmermann, ' lot on W
llns of Buchanan - street,- 137:0 N of Union,
N 27:6 by W 110; $ .
¦ John R. and Annie L. Altken to California
Investment and Financial' Company, lot on
S line of Vallejo street. .01:6.. W of. Buchanan.
W 23 by S 137:0; also lot on SE line of Bryant
"street. 412:6 SW. of Seventh, SW 56:3 by SE
275; $10. .....
. City and County of San Francisco to J. H.
and Annie M. Reinmann. . lot on N - line of
.Bush street, 54:3 E of Stelner, E 27 by N
.77:0; $ . '^ -' v
Same to Fred B. Wood,: lot on W line of
! Stelner street, 77:4 S of Clay, S 25 by W
83:0; $ .
Same to Edward • W. Thomas, lot orr*"H lino
of Post street, 127:6 W of Scott, W, 25 by S
70; $ — — .'•¦ . . ~
Marie F. Ilsen to Thomas J. ' Barry, ' lot on
W line of Shrader street, 100 N of Grove, N
75 by W 106:3,- quitclaim deed; $1. -
Thomas J. Barry to James N.- Powell, lot on
W line of Shrader street, 100 N; of Grove • N
25 by W 106:3: $10. , . - - . , /
City, and County of San Francisco to Isidor
and Leonore Lelchter. 'lot on W line of Howard
street. 44:11-% S of Nineteenth, S 21:01V* by W
75:6;$ . . -'• • "- ' :',.' ••-¦•' ¦".:. •
Same to Stevo T. Gerunovlch. lot on. E line of
Noe street, 52:6 S of Fourteenth. 8 25 by.E 105;
Mary Av "Avery, to** Joseph' H. -Robinson,' lot
City and County of San Francisco to Sophia
Schwartz, lot on S line of Post street, 137 :0
W of Laguna, W 30 by S 137:6; $ .
George E.'and Cora J. -to Edward F.
CluT'. lot on NW corner of Bush and Laguna
streets. N 25 by W 87:6; $10.: .
Edward F. Cluln to Sarah E. Cluln, same;
gift. • •-¦.-: :.-'. r : ¦..<• - - . .
City and County of San Francisco to Thomas
and Sarah H. Charlton, lot on N line of Green
street, 26 W of Laguna, W 20:0' by ¦ N' 100;
MONDAY. JANUARY 11
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Power. James D. Phelan, Rev. P. E. Mulligan,
Dr. R. J Cunningham, W. R. Christy. Luke
Carroll, Rev. C. E. Kennedy. Thomas H. Fal
len. Dr. R. Dowdall. A. B. Magulre, Matthew
Carroll, James B. CofCey. J. P. Hayes, Thomas
Curtis. Phil Lawlcr. W'llllam Breslln, Joseph
Murphy. J. C. Murphy, William Humphreys,
M. J. Hynea. Edward Coffey. Robert Saxe.
Thomas Kelly. C. A. Nace; Rev. R. E. Kanna,
S. J.: Rev. Father Ragglo, S. J.} Dr. H. O.
Menton. General R. H. Warfleld. Colonel
J. G. Glesting. Captain H. P. Fllgate. Colonel
Thomas F. O'Neill, P. E. Queen, D. V. 'Kelly,
Rev. Thomas Moran, Rev. Philip Byrne, Rev.
James Moran, Rev. J. B. McNally, Rev. James
Grant, Rev. William Butler, Rev. John Butler,
Rev. P. S. Casey, Rev. Thomas McSwe'eney,
Rev. John Duggan, Rev. James Cooper, Rev.
William Lyons. Rev. Denis Bailey: Rev. C.
Clancy, O. P.; Rev. T. Callaghan, Lieutenant
T. A. O'Brien. James E. Dcnohue; Sergeant J.
McCormick, V. S. A. (retired); Captain Frank
Drady 'retired); Lieutenant Colonel P. J. Heg
garty. Major Joseph G. Morrisey, Major Joseph
We*p!ear. Major George Welch. Major B. L.
McKinley. Captain Benjamin Crawford. Cap
tain Joseph Kendrlck. Captain Thomas Delury,
Captain Letter Coghlan, Lieutenant Paul Fra
teEsa, Lieutenant Thomas Curtln, Lieutenant
T. J. McGovern, Captain Joseph Meaghcr,
Captain C J. Mogan, Captain Martin Power,'
Captain T. H. O'Brien, Captain Thomas Ec
cles. Lieutenant G. Sears, Captain William
Hopper, Lieutenant P. H. McCarthy. Lieuten
ant George Thompson, Captain Mark McCann,
Lieutenant XW. Johnson. ' Lieutenant ' George
Cuthberson, Captain P. J. Gallagher, Lieuten
ant Thomas O'Leary, Captain i. E. McCor
mick, Lieutenant L. Boland, Lieutenant John
Foley, Lieutenant George Meagher, Lieutenant
George C«nnelL Captain James Ready, Lieu
tenant L. Peters, Lieutenant J. Toomey, Cap
tain F. J. Colllgan. Captain John F. Daly.
Lieutenant Thomas Smith, Lieutenant • Charles
Barieau. Captain Thomas Johnston, Lieutenant
A. Hanley. Lieutenant John Lally, Captain
Frank Grtmley, Lieutenant Thomas Mclntyre,
Lieutenant Charles Gaffney, Captain H. J
Leonard, Lieutenant J. G. Gillick. Lieutenant
W. J. Hannlgan, Captain Thomas O'Day, Lieu
tenant John Wiley, Captain George Rapp, Lieu
tenant H. Gittlngs, Lieutenant Thomas - Tur
ner, Captain Richard English, Lieutenant John
Rodney. Lieutenant ¦ Grover Lane,' Captain
John More y. Lieutenant William Burke, Lieu
tenznt C. T. -Malom-y, Captain S. Piercy, Regi
mental Sergeant Major Thomas Mahoney, Bat
talion Sergeant Major.' Harry Spring, Battalion
Sergeant Major B. Burns, » Quartermaster Ser
geant James Neeley, Commissary - Sergeant
Joseph Dwyer, Color Sergeant George Shaw,
Color Sergeant Joseph Merrill, • Hospital Stew
ard Jarnes O'Dea and Chief Trumpeter- C.
Buckley " "'^rabstSiSBSs - ' •
v * '' ¦ ...
Drupr Clerk Ends His Life.
Frank Brooks, a young drug clerk,
took acid at his home, 21 Franklin
street, at an early hour this morning
and died soon after. His body was
removed -to the Morgue. No reason is
known for the young man's rash act.
SAILED.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED. .
' . Wednesday. January 13.
Stmr Olympic, Hansen, 102 hours from
Falrhaven.
Br : stmr Wellington. McKellar. 88 hours
from Ladysmlth/:
U S stmr , Sheridan.' Peabody. 30 days from
Manila, via Nagasaki 21 days, via Honolulu
71V days. . ...
' Wednesday. January 13.
Etmr Phoenix, : Odland. Eureka. • .
DOMESTIC PORTS. .
TATOOSH — Passed out Jan 1.*;— Stmr. Mack
inaw, from Tacoma, for San Francisco.
ABERDEEN — Arrived Jan 13 — Stmr Centra
lla.'hence Jan 10; stmr Newburg. , hence Jan 8.
Balled^J&n 13 — Stmr Santa Monica for San
Pedroy'stmr Signal, for San' Francisco. ' •
i. ,-'¦¦ OCEAN STEAMERS.
; LI VERPOOL— Sailed Jan 13— Stmr Cedric
for New York, via Queenstown •. • ¦• *¦
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Jan -13— Stmr Ulto
nla from Liverpool.' for ¦ Boston
NEW YORK— Arrived Jan 1.1— Stmr Staten
dam. from "Rotterdam and' Boulogne- stmr
Menominee. from London. •
Mnrriage Licenses.
OAKLAND. Jan. 13. — The following
marriage licenses were issued by the
County Clerk to-day: William B. Pat
rick, 48, and Apolonla Ervin, 44, both
of ; Woodland; William Y. Fleming
over 21, Oakland, and Winnie E Col
trtn, over 18, Calistoga; Frank Brala
22, and Mary Marcella. 18, both of
Oakland; Manuel Carra, 21, San Lean
dro. and Mary Pistanta, 18, Oakland-
Pierre Raymond. 32. and Camello
Roso. 19. both of.Livermore; Geonra
Hoffman. 25. Pueblo. Colo., and Eva
E. Fletcher, 27. San Francisco- Lester
F. Coffin. S9, Lewistoh. Idaho, and
Clara Stoops, 27, Berkeley
T t !;£ ntI ' !tn street . 25 W.'of Hampshire, W 25 by
a 102; gift. . . . ; ...
Albert E. Hawkyard . to Mary Hawkyard. lot
on E line of York street, 97:6 S of Twenty
fiTBt, S 25. by E 10u; gift.
Auyustlno and Luigla Muzlo to Emello Mu
zlo. lot on W line of Treat avenue. - 308 N of
Twenty-fourth "Stroet, N 20 by W 122:0; $10.
Albert E. Hawkyard to Maryr Hawkyard, lot
on S line of Tweoty-slxth street, 25 W of Har
™",r w 24:41 -£ by s n °: k'»- • ¦
__ William and Agnes G. Mann to George S.
Montgomery, lot on SE corner of Twenty-first
and Diamond streets. S 75 by E 106; also lot on
S line of Twenty- first etreet, 100 E of Diamond,
E 25 by S 110; $100. * ¦ .. . -
Dina Eisenbach to Daniel Roth, lot on S line
?.^ a . ea^ 8treet - S7:6 E of Taylor, E 25 by S
io7:t>; 510. ¦ <>t *. < -
o e l e . r . and Mary A - Crichton to'George D.
Grayblll, lot on N line of O'Farrell street. 91:6
E of Larkin. E 23 by N 137:6- $10.
xT D r an . k of California to P. A. Wagner, lot on
- City and County of San Francisco to Louis
Schoenber*. lot on W corner of Second and Jes
sie streets. NW 46 by SW 57:8; $ . ,
..Same to William B. Glidden, lot on W corner
°f Second and Mlsflon streets. SW 25 by NW
"Oj-S . '_* : . ¦¦..¦.-. - ,<s
- Same to J. F D. Curtis.'. lot on SE line of
Jessie street, 275 NE of Sixth, NE 25 by SE 70;
.Bridget Nolan to TiHIe L. Blddell. lot on
ox e w Ot cw nBt0n 8treet ' 25 ° w ot Folsom.
NW 23 by SW 75, quitclaim- deed; $10.
Estate of James Nolan (by Mary Nolan, ad
minlstiatrlx) to same, same; $3750.- .
. TUlie L. Blddell to John J. Lermen. isme;
Bernhard and Rose Getz. to Josephine V.
Tost, lot on W line of Forts-eighth avenue.
. Morris _\V .¦ Solomon to Sellna B. Solomon,
lot on XW line of Howard street, 225 SW of
Eighth. SW 25 by NW 90; sift. V
*. 3. \ Frank BaH to > Mary E. BallMot on W
line of Fourth • avenue. . 200 N of Clement
street, N 25 by W 120; $10.
¦ ¦¦: Estate: of ; Thomas Magee (by William A.
and - Thomas Magee , Jr.*. trustees) to Michael
and -Louis Lyons,, lot on 8- line of Point Lobos
avenue.. 67:6 E of Nineteenth, E 60 by S 100;
$10. ---•.- .>, .:,•.--: -- ¦ • t;V.;r.'-
112:6 N of K.6treet, v N CO by W 120; $10
; Aaron and Louise R. Heringhi to Bernhard
Getz. !ot on N line of Thrift street :r ICO V of
Plymouth, E BO by N 125, . lots 0 and 6 blo^k
Z, Railroad Homestead Association No 2- lift
J.McSheehy to W. E. Deck, lot on
8 > corner of Tenth avenue and : E street Si*
75 by SW Jots 8 and 9. block . 202? South
8an Francisco Homestead and Railroad* Asso
ciation, . quitclaim deed : • $». . .
¦- Estate of Marcellus Hartley (by W 8 w»i
ties, administrator) to isame, same; 1310* " "
«a W e ; *|*io!? * *?***: ": **** ' tO J ' H ' < 3rad > p .
.Leopold and Sarah Weinsteln to Ernest A
Wakeley, « loU , 12 and 13. - block 8 Tract A '
People'* Homestead: $10. . / f™ . A V
Overcome by Gas Fumes.
G L. Saner, while in an Intoxicated
r^ ?£ * u ~ rned °* .the gas in his
room.. 830, Market street, on Tuesday
night. He was discovered early yes
terday morning and. taken to the Emer
gency Hospital, where he recovered.
ArchblFhcp MontgGm«>ry. R«"v. Peter C
Terke.. Rev. .Philip O'Ryan, Colonel James E.
Addresses were delivered by the
toastnastor. Colonel Powers;* Arch
bishop Montgomery, Dr. R. J. Cun
ningham, Major B. L. McKinley, Ma
jor George F. Welch, James D. Phe
lan, Captain James McCormick, Cap
tain F. S. Grady, Peter J. Curtis and
Lieutenant T. A. O'Brien. Among
those present were:
The officers of the L.e£?s;ue of the
Crocs Cadet^ gathered around the fes
tu.1 board vi the California Hotel last
night to enjoy their regular annual
banquet. About 120 attended the
feast, including Archbishop Montgom
ery, James D. Phelan and General
WarfieW. . " \
Toast« Are Responded to by Arch
bishop Montgomery and Prominent
Members of Organization.
LEAGUE OF THE CI1OSS
OFFICERS HOLD BANQUET
Herbert Schmitz of the Board of
Public Works had this to say con
cerning the injunction: "We rather
resent the idea of a civic body plas
tering us wlUi an injunction of this
sort. The board has done nothing: to
occasion it. and we contemplate doing
nothing. The action is entirely pre
mature and uncalled for, and our an
swer, which will be made on the 22d
day of this mo'ntH, will so state.
"We have discharged- no civil ser
vice employes, and to do so was most
remote In our minds. What reason a
civic organization such as the Mer
chants' Association would have for
enjoining us can only be explained by
the fact that its members have been
influenced by misleading newspaper
articles. The injunction will not af
fect us. as we have never had any
idea of doinjr what it forbids, and we
will appear in court with our answer."
Commissioner Says That ftie Action
Taken Is Premature.
HERBERT SCHMITZ REPLJES.
Seventy-two greyhounds were en
tered last night in the open stake,
which will be run on Sunday at Union
Coursing Park. '. The two champions,
Palo Alto and PocatelU, will be
among the contenders for the first
time in some months. They have
been given a thorough preparation,
owing to the strength of the hares.
The draw last night resulted as fol
lows:
Free Born vs. Bonnie Vasha; Concord Tralee
v*. Ragtime: J E H vs. Advance Guard; Rene
gade Ai-RiliB vs. Imperious; Kmin Bey vs. Sir
Pasha: Snapper Garrison vs. I Surge; Concord
Boy vs. Beluga: Haughty Helen vs. Jack Short;
I-ord Granard vs. Fair Tralee;" PocatelU vs.
White Stockings; Ordinance vs. Irvington Tra
lee; Comstock v*. Blanche Jewett: Pathfinder
vs. Black Flush; Sea Lion vs. Don Pedro;
Colored Lady vs. Apple Blossom: Remis.so Ani
mo vs. General Dewet: Cluster vs. Charter
Member: Brlc-a-brac vs. Orsina; Comlque vs.
Balendlne; Mel rose v<>. Golden Links; Racing
Auto vs. Woodland Belle; Lilac vs. Black Boy;
Cubi.ni.la. vs. Clarice; Mel! In wood vs. Lily
Wright; Miss Green v«. Gambit; Palo Alto vs.
Advertiser; Irish Lad vs. Evil Eye; Donny
brcuk \*\ Ruby Sankey; Pepper Jack vs. Thel
ina; St. Lculs Boy vs. Texas Jim; Tralee Bey
vs. Bempronius; Wild Nora vs. Kittleman;
Rocker Arm \m; Flora Temple; Vandal vs.
Helen Hayes; Eastlake vs. Free from Flaw;
Texas GUI vs Mount Rose
Week at Union Coursing;
Par!:.
Palo Alto and Pocatclli to Start This
CIIAMriOX GREYHOUNDS
ENTERED IN OPEN* STAKE
In the complaint upon which the
deputy poundmen were arrested it was
alleged by Wong Kim Hong that the
defendants had 'entered his potato
patch, cut tlje* rope to which his horse
was tied and attempted to lead the
brute to the city pound. Seven of the
Mongolian's countrymen grasped the
rope that hung from the horse's neck
and pulled all together one way while
Newgard and Weinhardt pulled the
other way with a riata they had thrown
over the animal's head. While the in
ternational tug-of-war was in progress
the horse was nearly^choked to death.
Victory finally rested, with the Chinese
and Hone then swore to warrants ac
cusing the poundmen of . disturbing the
peace. In the testimony brought out
the defendants claimed that the. rope
During the progress of the open air
hearing Thomas Pellow, a Caucasian
witness, . had' the .. temerity to appear
before the court in the open lot ,with
his hat on and was reprimanded by
Justice Tappan, who remarked that if
the headgear were not removed he
would order the bailiff to eject the
offender from the "courtroom."
ALAMEDA, Jan. 13.— Chinese wit
nesses, with a Chinese interpreter, a
spavined .plow horse, two deputy pound
men and' City Justice R. B. Tappan,
the* only magistrate in California who
is able 'to •try a case in the Chinese
tongue, we're the leading characters in
a trial that was held to-day in a potato
patch at the corner of -Park street and
Blanding avenue. The horse's tall,
which was introduced in evidence,/ was
the determining factor in bringing
about ' a dismissal of charges of dis
turbing the peace, which had been pre
ferred "against the'two equine catchers,
A. C. Newgard and>C -3* ~ Weinhardt,
by. Wong Kim Kong, a Chinese -truck
farmer.
The trial of the case was greatly
facilitated by Justice Tappan's knowl
edge of the Chinese tongue. The Jus
tice is a student of this ancient lan
guage and Is reputed . fo have more
actual knowledge of the grammar of
Chinese than most of the coolies who
learned their mother tongue by word of
mouth and not by rule of grammar.
When there was any doubt of interpre
tation Justice Tappan took a hand and
a tongue in the case and proceeded to
question the Mongolians in their own
language. The a%ve of a Judge coupled
with the awe of one who could talk to
them in their own language was more
than the yellow men could stand, and
they were. only too glad to get out of
the presence of the white Mandarin
who knew a yellow language, even if
they lost their case.
Punks and joss sticks were burning
in all parts of Alameda's Chinatown to
night, to drive away. the devil who had
told the white Mandarin all about
China, Its men and its language, and
there will be no Chinese law in Justice
Tappan's court from now on.
was so long that it permitted the horse
to graze on the sidewalk, which is pro
hibited. The Chinese farmer, on the
other hand, asserted that the rope
would not allow the horse to reach the
sidewalk. To satisfy himself Justice
Tappan held court in the potato patch.
It 'was found by arranging the horse
and the rope that if the horse took a
notion to stretch his tail in a horizontal
direction it would reach across the for
bidden sidewalk line. On" this showing
Justice Tappan held that the animal
had overreached the limits prescribed
by, the law and was liable to capture
by the poundmen. He considered that
the defendants were justified in trying
to | catch the horse as an encroacher
upon the public street and that the
peace of Wong Kim Hong had not been
disturbed. .
Much routine business was transacted at the
meeting of Hranch No. 2. Sausage Makers, last
Thursday. The following were elected officers
of I (ranch No. 2 for the ensuing term: Chair
man. John Fur.k. vice chairman. Km II Bthn:
guide. J. Schaber: guardian. Chrts Kastner;
sergeant-at-arms. Ernest Kohler; delegate to
the joint executive board, II. Cohbert.
The Lumbermen's Union inatuli.tl the follow
ing officers: ITealUent. K. Pj>lla»; vice presi
dent. Alexander Black; treasurer. J. R. Mon
tague; secretary, T. Shfenan; sergeant-at-arms.
William Glea?on; trustee*! O. S. Fuller. R.
Calvin. T. Andrews, C.-R. Ellis and W. F.
Kills Jr.
Cattle ltutcfura' Union elected the following
officers yesterday: Chairman. M. McDonald;
vice chairman. Uus Alden; guide, William Tur
ner; guardian, \V. Baa*er; serK*ant-at-armii.
Fred .Storm; '.delegate to. th« joint executive
board. Charles Westphal. . •
Branch No.- \ Wholesale Marketmen, held
its regular meeting last Wednesday. It was
decided to hold ' a high jinks on Wednesday.
January 20. The following wer«^el*ct«<i offi
cers of Branch No. H: Chairman. K. J. Monte
rlchard; vice chairman. Herman Boege; guide,
Charles Wagner Sr. :. guardian, Victor Hagan
auer; sergeant-at-arrns, J. J. Kretxmer; dele
gate to the joint executive board, Charles
Wenk.
The existing difficulties between the
Stablemen's Union and their employers
and . -the Canmakers' Union and the
American Can Factory may soon be
settled. It was given out last night
that a truce would soon result, as both
employers and employes are . anxious
for peace and both are said to be will
ing to make concessions.
The independent job printers held a
meeting last night at 830 Howard street.
Reports of various 'committees were
read arid several 4re§w members were
installed. A uniform . scale; of ' prices
will probably soon be adopted. The
printers will meet again at the same
place on next Wednesday night.'
STABLEMEN AND CANMAKERS
ARE ANXIOUS :FOR TEACE
ONLY MAGISTRATE IX CALIFORNIA THAT'. IS QUALIFIED TO TRY
A CASE IN THE CHINESE/TONOUE AND WHO UTILIZED HIS
KNOWLEDGE TO GOOD ADVANTAGE YESTERDAY. */**l
Le Carvey was taken to the Central
Police station by Policeman Henne
berry of the Harbor station. He made
no resistance when arrested. He said
his victim had insulted a woman he
knew and brought on the hostilities.
He was arraigned for murder in the
Police Court yesterday morning.
The injured man was conveyed to
the Receiving Hospital and later to
the City and County Hospital, where
he died.
A quarrel Tuesday night on board
the French ship Vercinger, lying at
the Vallejo-street wharf, resulted in
the murder of Vincent Le Meur by
Vincent Le Carvey. Both men were
sailors and the trouble arose over an
insult which the murdered man is al
leged td have hurled at. the other.
Both men left the ship and«drank a
great deal along the Barbary Coast
and in water front resorts. When they
started to return to their bunks the
first fight occurred, but both were
separated and agreed to part in peace.
As quickly as the pair was on the deck
of the vessel the fight was renewed
and after a brief struggle, in which
the combatants rolled over and over
on the greasy planking, Le Carvey
drew a long knife and plunged it into
the breast of Le Meur.
Ship Vcreinger
by Vincent IjC Carvey on the
Vincent Ix? Meur Stabbed to ' I>eath
FRENCH SAILORS FIGHT
AND MUItDEIl IS RESULT
"It's all a lie about the pistol," said
the doctor. "I never intended to kill
Schmidt at all. But I wanted to call
him down for what he has said and
done in regard to many things. That's
all. I think I've had satisfaction, and
that's all I want."
This Is not the first time the doctor's
bellicosity has brought him into the
full glare of the calcium. His contro
versy with Coroner Mehrmann fills a
page in the annals of Alameda County.
It was all over the cause of a woman's
death, about which Dr. Gladding knew
all, but would not answer the Coroner's
summons to testify at the inquest.
Threats of blood and death were ban
died about and it was generally .con
ceded that when the two met there
would be a duel right then and there.
But it happened otherwise. They met
in a place where ginger ale is served,
with the result that they have been
friends ever since.
But those who had counseled peace
ha$ their -way at last. Foremost of
these was Edward .Schmidt, who is al
most as much a friend of Dr. Glad
ding's as he is of his brother's. By a
little -maneuvering he succeeded in
bringing the belligerents together this
afternoon. They talked it all over
with their seconds and trainers, the up
shot of it all being an- agreement to
call off the dogs of war, at least tem
porarily. •--
' Dr. Gladding denied the pistol
incident part of his interview with
Postmaster Schmidt. The doctor says
that he had a real not a fancied griev
ance against Schmidt, else he would
not have gone to Interview him.
DENIES HE HAD PISTOL.
.The postmaster spent- the rest of the
night arming himself, and this morn
ing summoned his friends to a council.
Some were for having the flery-doc
tor arrested right away. Others coun
seled peace. .The postmaster couldn't
see where the peace came ; in while
there wa? a man out gurming for him.
Neither did he care vto venture- out of
doors unless he was furnished with
a coat of "mall or a truce signed by Dr.
Gladding, with the requisite number of
witnesses.
When I saw Gladding and Larson at the door
I said. "Good evening," and asked them to step
into the house. Gladding said they would talk
there. My little girl waa there, and I told her
to no In and she did. ,
GUdrtiUK talked about Imaginary grievances
for some time. He accused me of being Instru
mental in having Fisher's license taken away
from him. I denied having anything to do with
it. Then he drew a pistol and threatened me
with it. cursing me all the time. Ho swore he
would kill me it I did not secure a renewal of
Fisher's license or pay him J50OO. j
As Gladding kept brushing the pistol across
zay face I did not dare to move or reply. I tell
you what, that pistol was as big as a cannon
and I could see a bullet at the bottom of It as
if it hail started to come. All this time Nlei.
son stood by and said nothing. But after
awhile Gladding went away and left me, thank
ful that I was not dead. . -
COUNCIL IS CALLED.
With his anger fired up to the boil
ing point, the doctor called on the
postmaster at his home on University
avenue early in the evening. He was
seconded tiy his friend, Lars Nielson.
In response to their ring, the postmas
ter came to the door and a war of
words, . to be followed a little while
later with a promise of heavy cannon
ading, began. Here "is Postmaster
Schmidt's version of what happened:
BOILS WITH AN'GEK.
George' "Schmidt, Berkeley's rotund
postmaster, is thanking his lucky stars
because he is hot merely a. lump of
cold, soggy' clay, a remnant of other
days, blood-spattered on the grass. The
postmaster is not devoting all his grat
itude to the stars, however, as he feels
that he, owes just a*little, a very little,
to Dr. Charles F. Gladding, the fire
eating Kentucky colonel from West
Berkeley, for it was this same colonel
who forbore after he had made all the
necessary preparations \ to send hjs
enemy, the postmaster,' to a: hotter
postofllcfe than the one in Berkeley.
The postmaster and the doctor have
never been very good friends, their dif
ferences having begun with politics in
the long ago. Matters between them"
were not \ helped muelv either, when
Sam Fisher's saloon license was taken
away from him awhile ago because he
attacked some church men and women
at a "rummage sale." The doctor
thought the attacks on Fisher were in
spired by the postmaster and last night
he received Information that confirmed
his belief.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, January 13.
MAGNIFICENT VIEWS.
There was enough martial ardor
though on a 'simple white screen, to
give a reasonable idea of what is to be
found in Russia.
The lecturer's description of the
Czar's army prompted the mind to re
vert to the little brown man and his
comparatively new army, and in com
parison one could not help pondering
over the precocious little fellow's sa
gacity and quick-borrowing propensi
ties where borrowing can be advan
tageous.
Of course there were other subjects
portrayed, such as wonderful cathe
drals and public buildings and life on
the, streets of St. , Petersburg. .
To-night Holmes will lecture on and
show "Yellowstone Park."
ed escort,
The moving pictures gave an accu
rate and vivid idea of the result of the
Russian soldiers' drilling. They showed
the cavalry, artillery and Infantry and
they exhibited furthermore . thousands
of mounted troops coming forward at
full gallop.
Not least among the clever picture
groups were, those which presented the
Czar mounted upon a noble charger
and attended by nobles In magnificent
uniforms riding prancing blood horses.
The Czarina in her splendid carriage
drawn by four milk-white cobs was
shown whirling along, and at her side
was- the Empress Dowager and behind
the equipage came the dashing mount-
Whether ft is the scene of life in the
Ghetto, the fish market or the palace,
where enchanting surroundings bewil
der, or the review tableaux of 28,000
soldiers in drill before the Czar, it i3
all interesting to those who would be
come acquainted with lands and man
ners other than their own.
KUSSIAX SOIiDIERY.
Burton Holmes was greeted by a
large audience last night at Lyric Hall.
His subject .was "St. Petersburg,"
which, in view of complications be
tween the Russian and Japanese na
tions, was apropos. The lecture, and
the pictures, stereopticon views and
moving pictures, afforded, an oppor
tunity of judging something of the cali
ber of the Russian troops. -
Burton Holmes' illustrations on the
canvas are intensely picturesque, his
discourses are sound, graphic and
learned. He gives his hearers an in
sight into the life of nations; he tells
of the characteristics of peoples of the
world and what he imparts Is therefore
educational and broadening.
Regarding Mrs. Sherwood's late ac
qaintance with Mrs. Pleasant and the
removal of the sipk woman to the Fil
bert-street house, where she died, At
torney Morehouse made some rather
severe criticisms and intimated that
if the Sherwoods come into court
with a will later than the one in his
client's possession a bitter fight will
be the result.
Attorney Morehouse said this appar
ently in refutation of the statements
previously made by Mrs. Sherwood to
the effect that Mrs. Pleasant was con
scious and sound in mind up to the
very last. Regarding the former will
executed by Mrs. Pleasant, he said:
"The executors of this document are
Sam Davis of Carson City and Fred
Bell of this city. The will devises her
whole estate to Davis and Fred and
Reginald Bell, sons of Mrs. Theresa
Bell. We have a suit entitled Roberts
against 'the Donohoe-Kelly Banking
Company, which is set for trial before
Judge Sloss of February 2. It is an
action to recover on a box of diamonds
and jewelry valued ai $120,000 which
was deposited in that bank by Mrs.
Pleasant and subsequently delivered by
the bank, without authority of her, to
Mrs. Teresa Bell and R. Porter Ashe,
deputy district attorney. In the event
of the assignee, Roberts, recovering
these diamonds and jewelry Mrs. Pleas
ant's estate would receive a large sum
of money after the claims of the cred
itors were satisfied, and this money,
together with whatever other property
she owned at the time of her death,
would go to the devisees under her wilL
"If Mrs. Pleasant 's rights to the prop
erty can be preserved her estate is
worth over 5300,000, which would in
clude the Bell mansion and a ranch
in Sonoma County, both of which
properties were deeded to Mrs. Bell.
Suits are now pending to set aside
these deeds as having been made with
out consideration."
"About three weeks ago," said the
lawyer, "Mrs. Pleasant executed a
power of attorney to Mrs. Sherwood.
During her sickness Mrs. Pleasant
was supposed to receive an allowance,
which was paid over to one of the Bell
boys. The latter, it is claimed, failed
to turn over the money regularly and
Mrs. Sherwood was deputized by Mrs.
Pleasant to receive it thereafter. Later
I was informed that Mrs. Pleasant had
made a holographic will in favor of
Mrs. Sherwjood. As the story reached
me, Mrs. Sherwood claimed that. she
entered her patient's room and found
the will lying on the bed. Three weeks
ago, and for that matter, for the last
three months, which will be easily
proven, Mrs. Pleasant was mentally
incompetent to execute a will."
Last evening, however, both he and
his wife declined to deny or affirm the
story, but the suspicion that they know
about a second will has spread to those
interested in the other document,
among them Attorney H. V. Morehouse,
who was Mrs. Pleasant's counselor. In
discussing the matter last evening At
torney Morehouse "said that he had
heard of the will and was expecting
that the Sherwoods would produce it
in a few days. <
A lively contest is expected to at
tend the distribution of the estate
left by the late "Mammy" Pleasant. A
report has gained . circulation that
Mrs. Pleasant, a few days before her
death on Monday, executed a holo
graphic will, in which she bequeathed
all her interests to Mrs. L. M. Sher
wood, in whose house on Filbert
street she passed her last days. It
is known that another will, signed by
Mrs. Pleasant about a year ago, is in
existence and will be filed for probate
during the next few days. , It is ex
pected that If the Sherwoods have
the other will, of a later date, ' they
will waste no time in- producing it and
the legal fight '' will ensue. On the
day Mrs. Pleasant died Lyman M.
Sherwood admitted at his home that
the colored woman had made a will
during the time she was lying 111 at
his home. Further than this admis
sion, however, he declined to give
information concerning the document.
"I may have something to say later,"
said Sherwood, "concerning this mat
ter, but I am not in a position to dis
cuss it now."
Among telegrams sent from this city
yesterday were several to Senator Mark
Hanna, congratulating him upon his
re-election to the United States Senate.
It is .the general talk in political cir
cles that the Republicans will open the
Presidential campaign in enthusiastic
style. Leading orators from every sec
tion of the State will attend the con
vention and address the people. The
biennial meeting at Los Angeles in 1900
and the rally at Ran Jose in 1902 were
notable demonstrations. Elaborate
preparations ivere made by each city
for the reception and entertainment of
the guests. Some of the functions ar
ranged by the San Jose committee were
'¦ancp'fd because the delegates were so
intensely Interested in gubernatorial
wire pulling that they dared not take
the risk of absenting themselves from
the convention hall.
The biennial convention of the Cali
fornia League af Republican Clubs will
be held at Sacramento in May. The
celebrated San Jo=e convention of 1902
selected the capital city as the meet
ing place. Alden Anderson, president
of the State League, will shortly issue
a call for the meeting of the executive
committee to consider preliminaries. It
is probable that a date two or tb.rt?o
dais ahead of the time fixed for the
regular State convention of the party
will be designated as the time for club
delegates to assemble in Sacramento.
"The men did not seem Inclined to
move away, so I persuaded them to go.
That is all there is to the trouble."
Emig exhibited a lacerated scalp to
Judge Samuels as evidence of the"
truth of his story that he had been
struck by the grocer. Wixson asserts
that the ax handle is still in commis
sion.
v In an altercation with pickets of the
Bakers* Union who were posted at the
doorway of his grocery, 231 B
street, former City Councilman J. S.
Wixson this afternoon drove off the
union watchers by the liberal swinging
of an ax handle. During the entangle
ment Henry Eralg, one of tlfe pickets,
claims he was struck on the head by
Grocer Wixson. Emig swore to a com
plaint before Judge George Samuels,
charging Wixson with battery. The
grocer surrendered himself at the City
Prison after giving a bond for his ap
pearance In the Police Court.
Wixson claimed that the men were
attempting to interfere with his busi
ness because he was handling Log
Cabin Bakery bread, the bakery at
present being the scene of a strike of
bread bakers.
"The pair of men were standing at
the doorway of my store," said Wix3on,
"and every customer who came In waa
stopped and the men said to them:
'Don't go into that store; It sells unfair
bread.'
"I told the men to leave the store en
trance and I said I had been in busi
ness fourteen years at that stand, and
If only one customer a day came Into
my place I should serve that patron
with what he wanted.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1113 Broadway. Jan. 13.
Moving Pictures Give Idea of
Army's Discipline and Mind
Reverts to Japan's Chances
Feud Between Two Bellicose
Politicians Breaks Out in
New Spot After Long Quiet
Sam Davis Has One of Them
and Mrs. Sherwood Supposed
to Have a Later Document
Alden Anderson, President of
Body. Will Shortly Call Meet
ing of Executive Committee
Arrest of Merchant Follows a
Lively Encounter at His
Shop Door in North Oakland
CAVALRY AT A GALLOP
GREAT ORATORY EXPECTED
STORY OF TWO WILLS
FISHER'S LICENSE CAUSE
USES TRUSTY AX HANDLE
Burton Holmes Gives Lecture,
Presenting Many Interesting
Views of St. Petersburg
Charles-F. Gladding Exhibits, a
Gleaming .Revolver to His
Enemy, Postmaster Schmidt
Former City Councilman Wix
son Drives Away Boycotting
Watchers From His Grocery
Biennial Convention of Califor
nia State League Republican
Clubs to Meet in Sacramento
Settlement of ' Mrs. Pleasant's
Estate, Promises la Bitter
Litigation in the Courts
OPENING GUN
OF CAMPAIGN
FIERY DOCTOR
SEEKS REVENGE
DEVISEES MAY
GIVE BATTLE
SHOWS RUSSIAN
SOLDIER DRILL
ROUTS BIKERS'
UNION PICKETS
J U STI C E TA PPAN TRIES
CHINESE CASE IN GARDEN
Some Ludicrous Situations Develop by Rea
son of the Arrest of Poundmen for Lasso
ing a Horse, but the Defendants Win
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 14, 1904.
4
OB. PIEKCE'S REMEDIES.
(gpl * In all departments
tijFq y ° of active service
Jm2&s stand in need of the
yfff # readiness of. mind
and promptness of
action which depend on a healthy nerv-
ous system. Let a railroad m^n be " rat-
tled," and every life depending on him
is in danger. A great xnany railroad*
men have fonnd ia Dr. P»erce's Golden
Sledical Discovery a valuable tonic for
the overstrained nervous system. It
builds up the body, purifies the blood,
nourishes the nerves, and induces a
healthy appetite and refreshing sleep. '
"I suffered for sir yean with constipation and
frdisvstiop, during: which time I employed sev-
eral pbyricytcs. but they could not reach my
ease. 11 writes Mr. G. Popplewell. of Eureka
8princ». Carroll Co, Ark. "I felt that there
was no help for me; could not retain food on ssy
Stomach; had vertigo and would fall helpless to
the floor. Two years ago I commenced Ukinj;
Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery and lit-
tie ' Pellets,' and improved from the start. Af-
ter tmJdng twelve bottles of the 'Discovery* I '
was tUe to do light work, and hare been im-
proving ever since.".
Send 21 one-cent stamps to pay ex-
pense of mailing and get Dr.' Pierce's .
Medical Adviser in paper covers, free.
Address Dr. R. V. Pierce. Buffalo. N.- Y.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HiniyadlJiUios
NATURAL
jKtf LAXATIVE
liygSzLsi MY NAME IS NOT
g^fe^jij HUNYADI ONLY,
|Bft huhyadTjahos,
KsfisO^ THE ORIGINAL,
„ **» ON LY GENUINE
1'JkJ^^S AND RELIABLE;
\alli*TWTS HUNGARIAN
\ P-3^ 6 \ \\ NATURAL
CX' \\ \ LAXATIVE J
X\ WATER, y
¦ Is Always Reliable for
CQMSTgPATION
Inflamed Gums Treated
And cured. Loose teeth strength-
ened. Diseased conditions of the
mouth made healthy.
Extraction Free. Painless Meth-
ods. Cleaning Free. Grad-
uates Only.
Week days, 9 to 9; Sundays, q to 1.
POST-GRADUATE DENTAL COLLEGE
'San rrancisco — 3 Taylor Street.
Oailand— 973 Wuhtafftoa Stx»«t.
Ban Jose— 45 East Santa Clara Stxdtfc
, Sacraxneito— 407 J Str ••%. ?.*,;_ „James Johnson, the elevator operator,
was taken Into custody ¦ Vy the police
pending an investigation. Johnson said
the elevator gate did not break, but
that it had been' raised by employes
while waiting- for the car > to ¦ descend
to the floor. Employes in the rear of
the crowd: began pushing, precipitating
them down the shaft Factory Super
intendent Fry : corroborated Johnson's
statement. BjjjlBBfegj
The injured — Tony Kirschner, inter
nally, will die; William Pearson, inter
nally, will die..
Th- employes had assembled at the
close of work in the corridors on, the
different floors waiting for the elevator
to take them down. The elevator was
at the seventh floor receiving passen
gers when those on t'..j slxtli floor,
eager to get near the door and be first
into the cage, began to push toward
the .gate.
Suddenly the gate gave wcy just as
the elevator started to descend and ten
of the employes plunged headfirst down
the shaft. .Six were Instantly killed
and their, bodies formed cushions which
prevented the instan'. death of the
other four. •
Three unidentified.
GEORGE ROTHMANN. ""
FRANK WEINBERGER, died in
hospital. ••
ANTONIO GIACOMA, died in hos
pital.
LORENZ GIACOMA, his son.
ST. LOUIS, Jan. 13.— A crowd of em
ployes pressing against the elevator
gate to-night on the sixth floor of the
Brown Shoe Company building at
Eleventh street and Washington ave
nue caused the gate to give way and
t°n parsons were . l-nged down the
shaft. . Six were taken out dead, two
died at the City Hospital and the other
,Jwo will die. The dead:
JOSEPH PROVAZSNIK.
Wife and Child Die.
By the death of his wife, Mrs. Char
lotte M. Warren, and his young son,
James F. Smith Warren, Frank ' W.
Warren of 3576 Seventeenth street has
San Mateo Rector Declines.
NEW HAVEN, Conn., Jan. 13. —
Rev. Edward L. Parsons of San Ma
teo.' Cal.. has declined a call to the
rectorship of "St. Paul's Episcopal
Church in this city, made vacant by
the elevation of Rev. E. S. Lines to
the. bishopric of Newark. '
suffered . a bereavement ¦'-. which has
brought; to him .the entire and heart
felt sympathy of his friends.
James was taken' ill with diphtheria
and while he recovered from , the ail
ment itself paralysis of the heart de
veloped, which' often is the case after
diphtheria, and the child succumbed
to the attack on Sunday morning.'
That same afternoon he was buried. \
Mrs. Warren, who had* been con
stant in her ¦ attention and watchful
care, developed pleuro-pneurhonia dur
ing her boy's sickness and on Monday
evening she died, in spite of the most
tender and skillful attention.
The funeral services over -the re
mains of Mrs. "; Warren were held yes
terday morning at Mission Dolores
Church and the interment took place
at Holy. Cross Cemetery/
Ijeon Iievy Dies at Ripe Age.
'NEW YORK, Jan. 13.— Leon Levy,
president of. the*executlve committee
of the Independent Order of B'nai
B'rith, died to-day, aged 84 years.
M rs. Orion Dying.
;, KEOKUK, . Iowa, Jan. 13.— Mrs.
Orion Clemens; widow of Mark
Twain's .brother, is dying at her home
hereof, heart' disease. .' , ...
Elevator Gate in a St. Louis
House Yields to Pressure
and Ten Plunge Down Shaft
NEW ORLEANS, v Jan. 13.— N. B.
Trist, an international authority on
Svhist, is dead, aged 69 years.
Famous Whist Player Dies.
TAMPICO, Mexico, Jan. 13.— C. H,
Cook, an American, formerly super
intendent, of the Mexican Central, but
of late interested in the water works
and drainage contracts, died to-day of
heart failure.
American Dies in Mexico.
NOGALES, Ariz., Jan. 13. — The In
ternal Bank, the oldest financial in
stitution in Nogales, this morning
closed- its doors temporarily on ac
count of the heavy withdrawal made
by depositors for business purposes.
President John Dessart and Cashier
L. F. Swaine say the bank will open
on January 18. The bank holds more
than $25,000 in county funds, which
is fully protected. Steps are beina:
taken to reopen the bank. The last
statement showed deposits of. $217,
000, loans and discounts $146,000.
Bank Closes Its Doors Temporarily.
TEN EMPLOYES
FALL TO DEATH
The private schedules of Watson, as
introduced in court at a recent hear
ing, showed his debts to be $1,295,000,
much of which was contracted on ac
count of the concern of which he was
formerly president. Of the total lia
bilities only $164,375 was secured by
shares of stock. The inquiry will be
pressed. for the purpose of learning:
the probable status of these securities.
CHICAGO, Jan. 13. — Examination
of witnesses in the private interests of
James S. Watson, former president of
the Porter Brothers' Company, was
continued by Referee in Bankruptcy
Dean to-day to January 15. Watson
was to have appeared in court to
testify personally as to his liabilities
and assets, but by mutual agreement
of counsel the date for his examina
tion was made February 11.
Referee in Bnnkmptey Postpones
Hearing of Former President Wat
son Until February.
PROBING AFFAIRS OF
THE PORTER BROTHERS
The bachelor quarters at the Presidio
are near completion, and our army offi
cers who live in single blessedness will
soon be happy in their new homes. Of
course, their meals will be cooked 011 one
of the gas ranges bought from the San
Francisco Gas and Electric Co.. 415 Post.*
SAN JOSE, Jan. 13.— Daniel A. Toom
ey, one of the most popular young men
of' Santa Clara, died this afternoon
after an illness of three weeks. Toomey
was constable and was twice elected
Town Marshal of Santa Clara, but re
signed a year ago when he became
constable. Toomey was several terms
assistant chief engineer of the Santa
Clara fire department. Deceased was
a member of half a dozen fraternal or
ders and a graduate of Santa Clara
College. Last August he married Miss
Clara Dillon of College Park. Toomey
was a native of Santa Clara and 31
years of age.
Death of a Popular Officer.
Grand Jury took up this afternoon the
investigation of the published story to
j the effect that Thomas E. Barrett, for
mer Marshal of the St. Louis Court of
Appeals, had solicited a bribe of 515,
000, .subsequently changing the de
mand to $10,000, from J. W. Peebles
to insure the passage of the bill pro
viding for a pneumatic tube service
between the Union Station and the
I World's Fair grounds. Subpenas were
J issued for Attorney A. J. B. Garesche,
( the legal representative of the Uni
¦ versal Pneumatic Tranmission Com
• pany; Thomas E. Barrett and several
• members of the alleged House com
; bine.
Peebles, who is vice president of the
; tube company, is now in NeW York.
! He wired that he would be In St. Louis
j on January 19 and would be glad to
: tell the Grand Jury all he knew con
j cerning this particular legislation. He
i is coming at the request of Circuit
! Court Attorney Folk.
Former Marshal of Court of Appeals
Is Accused of Accepting 510,000
to Influence Legislation.
ST. LOUIS. Jan. 13. — The December
ANOTHER BRIBERY
SCANDAL IN ST. LOUIS
The manaeers of the Iroquois Thea
ter, to-day, through their attorneys,
made a demand upon Coroner Traeger
for the possession of the theater build
ing. They declared that there were
insurance losses to be adjusted and re
pairs to be made and they desired to
get about this work as soon as pos
sible.
Assistant State's Attorney Barnes, re
plying in behalf of the Coroner, said
that the insurance adjusters could visit
the theater at any time, but that neith
er they nor any other persons would
be permitted to alter existing condi
tions in the building until after the
conclusion of the Coroner's inquest.
The South Congregational Church, a
handsome edifice on Drexel boulevard,
was to-day ordered closed by City
Building Commissioner Williams. In
sufficient exits and exits opening in
ward were the causes assigned.
A fund for the aid of the chorus girls
unable to work, owing to the closing
of the theaters of Chicago, has been
placed in the hands of Rev. Johnston
Myers, pastor of the Immanuel Bap
tist Church. Dr. Myers proposes to
use the fund In giving chorus girls
stranded in Chicago transportation to
their homes. If they wish to remain
in Chicago until the theateA are re
opened the fund will be used in as
sisting them to live. Mr. Myers says
the money was sent by a friend in
Pre?cott. Ariz.
never received any instructions regard
ing their duties in case of flre.
Williams to-day announced to the
managers of the Auditorium they could
open their hall provided the stage is
entirely shut off from the main audi
torium by fireproof steel curtains.
This places the Auditorium practically
in the class of buildings in which no
movable scenerv. is used.
MANAGERS MAKE DEMAND.
After his return to this country in
1898 he was engaged for a year on an
investigation committee and in the fol
lowing year he was appointed a mem
ber of the United States Philippine
Commission.
Colonel Denby leaves a widow and
four sons— Wythe Denby, civil engin
eer at Juneau, Alaska; Charles Denby
Jr., who is at the legation at Peking,
and two other sons who are in busi
ness In Detroit.
Colonel Charles Denby. for twelve
years United States Minister to China
and a member of President McKinley's
Philippine Commission, was born at
Mount Joy, Va., June 16, 1830. He
studied at Georgetown University and
that institution conferred the degree of
LL. D upon him in 1885.
At the outbreak*of the civil war he
raised a company and in 1865 was ap
pointed lieutenant colonel of the Forty
second Indiana Volunteers. Shortly
thereafter he was made colonel of the
Eightieth Indiana Volunteers.
From this time until 1885 Colonel
Denby was engaged in the practice of
law, and It was in that year that Pres
ident Cleveland appointed him Minis
ter to China, which post he held until
1898. " •
JAMESTOWN, N. Y., Jan. 13.—Colo
nel Charles Denby of Evansvllle, Ind.,
United States Minister to China during
the administrations of President Cleve
land and President Harrison, died here
suddenly to-day. Colopel Denby lec
tured here last night. He was about
TO years of age. About midnight Colo
nel Denby was stricken with heart fail
ure. He grew steadily weaker until
death ensued about S o'clock.
and Attorney Dies
Suddenly.
Former Soldier, Statesman
A FORMER MINISTER TO
CHINA, WHOSE LIFE HAS
DRAWN TO A CLOSE.
About a dozen of the stage hands
and: flymen -employed in the theater
testified during the day, but their evi
dence- did not differ from the stories
that have already been published and
no- additional information was ob
tained from any of them. They were
unanimous in declaring that they had
William J. McAllister, secretary of
the building department of Chicago,
described the routine in the office of
the Building Commissioner. He said
there was no record kept of the con
struction of any building save the re
ports of the inspectors. In the case
of the Iroquois Theater no report what
ever was brought to him in reference
to that- building before the flre.
CHICAGO. Jan; 13.— Mayor Harrison
was on the stand to-day in the Iro
quois Theater inauest. . His evidence
related chiefly to a report submitted
to him* by. Commissioner Williams,
which declared -that none of the thea
ters in Chicago fully complied with
the terms of the building ordinance.
The Mayor described the wanderings
of this report from him to the Council,
from the Council to a sub-committee,
from this committee back to the Coun
cil and then to the printer. He- said
no action had been taken upon it by
the Council up to the time of the Iro
quois flre. The Mayor declared that
Building Commissioner Williams sim
ply reported to him. that' there was
not 'a theater in the city, of Chicago
complying with the law.'but mademo
recommendations, that they be closed
or the license revoked. He corrobor
ated the statement of Building Com
missioner" Williams that the office of
the Commissioner was poorly supplied
wl^h help, and there was no way in
which' assistance coujd be procured ex
cept through a larger appropriation by
the city, and this in the present state
of 'Chicago's finances was out of the
question..
FEW RECORDS KEPT.
The remarkable condition which ex
ists in the community was brought
ebout by an attack by a negro upon a
white woman, followed by a visit of
a vigilance committee of forty citizens
to the homes of the negroes, all of
whom were ordered to leave Normal
City within ten days. This order
caused consternation among the ne
groes and some of them prepared to
leave, but a meeting was held and
money was raised for buying arms and
all are now prepared to resist the at
tempt to drive them away.
There are thirty-five negro families
in th? suburb and it is said all are act
ing in concert. No demonstration
npainst them has yet b^en made, but
the whites appear determined and
trouble is expected.
INDIANAPOLIS, Jan. 13.— Negro
residents of Normal City, a suburb of
Muncie, have armed themselves and
have notified the whites that an at
tempt to drive them out of the place
tvill be resisted to the death. They also
have published notices in the local pa
pers that they will not leave and that
it is as unjust to hold them as a people
responsible for the acts of one member
of the race as it would be to drive
away all whites because one white man
commits a crime against society.
It Is confessed that a3 thp Republican candi
date for President he could carry New Tosk
State, but Democratic opinion does not confess
that any other Republican could do It. And.
while he has :iot consented to be a candidate
for that office, .the admission Is most signifi
cant. Hanna's strength lies with the working
men, whose cause he always espoused and with
whom, as the employer of thousands, he has
never had any friction. He Is truly a grand
old man.
SALT L.' VIE, Jan. 13.— Perry Heath's
paper, the Tribune, is booming Senator
Hanna for President. Editorially it
says in part to-day:
Frank M. Platt, son of United States
Senator Platt. has requested certain
influential Californians to look over
the California field and ascertain the
sentiment as between Roosevelt and
Hanna, and to do what they can for
Hanna. This is believed to be signifi
cant of Senator Platt's.own attitude.
HEATH BOOMING HAWA.
Governor Durbin is also said to have
told the President- that If Hanna be
came a candidate for President the In
diana and Illinois delegates would be
for Hanna.
Senators Quay and Penrose of Penn
sylvania, having waited for more than
a month for Senator Hanna to issue
the call for the Republican National
Committee, decided that, so far as
Pennsylvania was concerned, the
Roosevelt boom should no longer be
blocked, which fr/ends of the President
assert is the case by reason of the non
issuance of the call. Ignoring the Na
tional Committee, Senator Penrose, as
chairman of the Pennsylvania State
Committee, issued the call for the
State convention which will elect dele
gates at large to the Chicago conven-
"If the President goes at Hanna that
way there will be trouble. If he tries
to make Hanna fish or cut bait he will
find that Hanna will begin to flsh right
away."
Learning of the remark ascribed to
the President Governor Durbin of In
diana called upon Secretary Root and
said:
DURMX GIVES ADVICE.
Another indication that a political
rupture is imminent is a story which
was told to-day by. some friends of
Senator Hanna, who are politically in
imical to President Roosevelt. The
story is this: A party of Indiana pol
iticians were at the White House last
week and the President said:
"When Senator Hanna comes back
from Ohio 1 am going to make him
either fish or cut bait."
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, Jan. 13.— A com
plete political rupture between Presi
dent Roosevelt and Senator Hanna is
imminent now that the latter has been
re-elected to the Senate. Many of
Hanna's friends In Congress, in New
York, in Ohio, and in. fact throughout
the United States are .predicting that
the Senator will announce his" candi
dacy for the Presidential nomination
within a few. days.- An evident sign
of this break between,, the President
and Hanna was seen to-day, when Sen
ators Quay and Penrose. decided to
issue the call for . the , Pennsylvania
State Convention, before the national
Republican committee . sends put its
call — an action that is a violation of
precedent and is significant of war be
neath the surface. '
Special Dispatch to The Call
Another Interesting clause is:
"Give to Charles Holme, son of my
late friend, George Holme, of Derby,
in remembrance of his father having
saved my life when a boy, the watch
presented to me by friends in Bos
ton, U. S. A., and so inscribed, to
gether with the attached chain; and
I hope the legatee may think it well
to keep it in his family as an heir
loom."
In a codicil Spencer reiterated his
objection to the metric system and
expressed the desire that whenever a
bill should be introduced In Parlia
ment on the subject his pamphlet
against the system should be re
printed and distributed to the mem
bers of both houses.
The will orders that Herbert Spen
cer's autobiography is to be published
simultaneously in Great Britain and
the United States, and requests" David
Duncan to write a biography In one
volume of moderate size.
LONDON'. Jan. 13.— Herbert Spen
cer's will is a curious document. It
directs that his body shall be placed
in u coffin with a loose lid and cre
mated and the ashes buried, all with
out any sort of religious ceremony.
All the rights and property in his
books and investments are given to
the trustees — Hon. Auboron Herbert,
Dr. Henry Charlton Bastian and Da
vid Duncan — with instructions to em
ploy the yearly revenues '"in resuming
and continuing during such pe
riod as may be t needed for
fulfilling: my express -wishes, but
not exceeding the lifetime of any
descendants of Queen Victoria who
shall be living at my decease, and of
the survivors and survivor of them,
and for twenty-one years after the
death of such survivor, the publication
of the existing: parts of my 'Descrip
tive Sociology,' and the compilation
and publication of the fresh parts
thereof upon the plan followed In the
parts already published."
Afterward copyrights, . stereotype
plates, etc., are to be auctioned and
the proceeds divided among: a number
of scientific societies. •
Special Dispatch to The Call
Works on Sociology to Be Pub
lished With the Proceeds
Derived From His Property
Summons thePennsylvaniaCon
vention in Advance of the
National Chairman's Call
Managers] of Irdquois Theater
Make Demand on Coroner
for Possession of Building
Colored Population Declares It
Should Not Be Held Respon
sible for One 3Ian*s Crime
INSPECTION SYSTEM BAD
HIS GIFT TO POSTERITY
QUAY'S SIGNIFICANT ACT
RACE WAR IX PROSPECT
Last Testament of the Late
Herbert Spencer Contains
'}fany Interesting Directions
Ohio flairs Friends Believe
His Candidacy Will Be An
nounced Within a Few Days
Evidence Given by the Execu
tive Is Chiefly in Relation to
the Reports on Structures
Battle Will Follow Attempt
by Whites to Ddre Them
Out of an Indiana Town
PECULIAR WILL
OF SCIENTIST
AWAIT HANNA'S
RALLYING CRY
NEGROES ARM
FOR A FIGHT
CHICAGO MAYOR
ON THE STAND
. . • .,....• ... ¦ ... ¦¦¦¦-.,/*¦:' ¦¦ ¦ ~ 1
THE SAN FRANQSCO :: CALL,, -THURSDAY, JANUARY 14, 1904;
COL. DEN BY
ANSWERS THE
LAST SUMMONS
5
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
P F. NOLAN
President of Nolan Bros. Shoe Co.
RETIRING
BUSINESS
« $200,000 WORTH of
HIGH GRADE SHOES
THROWN ON THE MARKET AT
25c, 50c AND 75c ON THE DOL-
LAR.
NO WONDER
THE BIG STORE IS CROWDED
FROM MORNING UNTIL NIGHT
AND PEOPLE COME 100 MILES
TO BUY A YEAR'S SUPPLY OF
THE ENTIRE STOCK
: MUST GO WITHOUT RESERVE.
BARGAIN COUNTERS THE FULL
LENGTH OF THE STORE. MANY
PEOPLE COME JUST TO LOOK
AND GO AWAY WITH THREE |
OR FOUR PAIRS FOR WHAT
THEY USED TO PAY FOR ONE.
Remember Even
JOHNSTON a MURPHY'S and
LARD-SCHOBER & CO'S.
HIGHEST GRADE SHOES ARE
ON SALE AT BARGAIN PRICES.
We Have No Branch Stores.
NOLAN BROS.
===== 812-814 Market Street,
Phelan Building 9-11 O'Farrell Street.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Leather seat
dining chairs
If you would have dining
chairs of an exceptionally
tasty design and elegant fin-
ish, select the pattern pic-
tured above. Made of oak;
golden finish and fitted with
I black leather seats studded
with leather-covered nails.
'The guest chair is marked
$7.50— the arm chair $12.00.
Test this store's ability "to
provide you with carpets by
the superb display of Wil-
tons presented for • your in-
spection. Exclusive patterns,
1 every one of them, in two
tones, plain reds and greens
and various new designs
. in rich .Oriental colorings. I
-Among them is a Persfan
blue that is particularly exr
quisite, and next to it is an
English design in dark blue
and India rpd — about, the
i . most • effective floor covering
/ for '. library or dining-room
. (i that 1 we can show. Plenty .of
(.^natural daylight here and
competent salespeople to as-
* ; sist you in making suitable
¦.'¦¦ selections.
261 to 281 Geary Street
1 At Union Square J
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Healthy . . .
Happy Women
MADE SO BY
ELE CTBO - CHEMiSTBY
/': ' ¦- ':'. ' '¦¦:'y, *?•?'. ¦!» '.-.-. .-,'¦• ¦- . .' - m .'/ m .ii
MISS riiOHA TOW.
PACIFIC GROVE. CALIFORNIA. I
Cured nf Deafness, Catarrh and Rinsing •
Ears by Electro-Chemistry.
MRS. WILLIAM BARNES. Blacks, Cal..
cured of Cancer of the Breast by |
Electro-Chemistry.
-MRS. JI'LIA A. -MITCHELL. 358 Fifth ;
¦ st.. Oaklar.d. Cal.. cured of severe I
LU-cr. Kidney. Stomach and Bowel |
Trouble l.y Eiectro-Chemistrv.
MIPS ALICE \VILSON. 329 Second ave.. !
San Frarnisro. cured of Deafness,
Catirrb ?.r.d Running: Ears by Elec- i
tro-Chf mistry.
MRS. MAST RIVEST. 522 Forty-fourth i
Bt.. Oakland. Cal.. cured of Rheuma- j
t'.srn irid Complications by Electro-
Chemistry.
MRS. MARY RICHARDS. 213 Shotwell
Ft.. San Francisco. <ured of Rheuma- !
ti*>m. Stifi* and Swollen Joints ,by i
Electro-Chemistry. ;
CONSULTATION ~^ T^fc H-* 1"^ i
a\d h M h r
EXAMINATION * *V I-rf 1-* j
Specialties — Consumption, Catarrh,
2ror.ch.ltls. Asthma. Cancers, Tamort, j
Deafness. Head aad Ear Kolses, Khen- ;
matisrr.. Paralysis, Neuralgia. Piles,
Siscases rf the Stoai&ch, Liver, K14- :
ncrs and Bowels, Special Diseases of I
Men and Women, All Chronic Diseases.
HOME TREATMENT — If you live at '
» distance. *ry to come for a personal :
exam innt ion. If you can't come, write .
fr>r instructions for home examination
and treatment.
ELECTRO-CBEMIC INSTITUTE,
118 GRANT AVE, Ccr. Post,
SAW FSAWCISCO.
. Offlee hour*— 9 a. m. to 5 p. m. and 7 to S
p. m. dally. Readers, 10 a. m. to l p. m.
Separate apartments lor ladles and rentlemea
t ~ " ~ "y i
jj COME EARLY!
THEY ARE HERE!
I A Carload Arrived Yesterday
|T?. E 20tli CENTURYl
' COOK BOOK [j
- j
All persons sending to
the Cook Book Depart-'
ment of this paper a sir
months' subscription to
The Daily and Sunday
Call may secure one of the
{Twentieth Century Cook
Books at the premium rate
of 50c.
| All Call subscribers may
take advantage of this
offer.
Oui-of-fsvo subscribers iboald remit
20c tdditianal \% prepay traospirtifigi
cbarget. ,
ADVERTISEMENTS. . ..
Smith Premier: Typewriter
We have purchased the business. of Messrs. Durphv & Dicker-
man, and hereafter will maintain our. own branches on the Pa-
SAN FRANCISCO, 105 Montgomery St. , • •
SEATTLE - - - 12 JO Second Av*.
PORTLAND - - 247 Stark St.
LOS ANGELES. - J33 South Broadway
SPOKANE - -/•;¦- 909 Riverside Ave.
BUTTE - - -< - 27 East Granite St.
NOTE— We have iust completed and moved' into the 'largest and
most thorouRhly equipped . typewriter factory in the world.
The wheels started on Monday, January 4i and; we 'shall turn
out 200 Smith Premiers — the World's Best : Typewriter— every
working dav. . , t
ll We respectfully solicit your patronage.
I THE SMITH: PREMIER TYPEWRITER COMPANY.
I I N,-' BARTLET, District Manager. .
ASYSBTXSmCEHTSL
iL GOOD
• J^KNIVE
ONE1^)LLAR
I guarantee this knife. No other
knife of equal value was ever of-
fered for this money. Comes in pearl
handle, with four blades, and pos-
sesses the best steel ever C J C\f\
tempered. My price <** ¦ • v/VJ
My cutlery is all high grad« and
comprises such brands as Stiletto.
"Wostenholm's. Henckel's. Jordan's
and others.
Mall orders filled promptly.
THAT MAN PITTS
<F. W. PITTS).
The Stationer.
10C8 MABKET STBEET,
San Francisco.
Puny babies become strong
and robust babies when fed
on Mellin's Food. Mellin's
Food gives strength.
You will be glad that you sent for a sample
of Mellin's Food when you see how eagerly
baby takei it.
MELLIN'S FOOD CO.. BOSTON, MASS.
r n h m an b h sufliir'jigi
pM^iir, popular! M
O CLUETT PEABODY & CO. M
U CLUETT AND ARROW COLLARS I
(j visit DR. JORDAN'S orcat 4
OF ANATOMY}
0 Q5> lsaxiUTCSs.tet.SftKa.s.r.&a.A
\ ty^ The Larrest Atutesical Museum to tke \
Q ¦ A'T World WcakaeiMs w asf contracted m
7 Sp-JtSl d:tene F**'* 1 '* 1 / «¦«•«¦ hyth«old«M r
Q fV* Sgl ipeaalm on the Cou:. £il 3* ye*t<- O
A A*?f } 03. JORDAN-DISEASES OF ME* J
\ !Ffi^&l Consalutwa free *a<J strictly priY»t». \
0 I !?*? n Trsanaent personally or br letter. A B
W ¦ flr V I B T—itt*» CW« in erery c»j« aadenakea. \
nPl 0 Wrwe for Book. r«JlOiOr«V.f A
r ' J I* MAJIBlIACK. HAIUO nil. fAf
1 I t Tiluable book for mm) \
9 OB. JOBD AX * to. 10M Mark#t St.. 3. 7. f
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 KEAB5T ST. Kstahlhb#d
In 1W4 for thp tr*atm?nt of Private
DI»ea*M. Lost Manliood. Debility or
dinnw wearing on body ami mind and
8kln Dlxanses. The Doctorcur»s when
other* (all. Try him. fharge* low.
«'urc«caarnnle<r<t. ChII or write.
Dr. a. r. «IIBBOX, 8an Francisco, CaL
p
MARKET StI* S rNSjS^
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. TUB
Great Mexican Remedy; «1>«» health an4
atnoctb to ¦exual orgaaa. Depot. 333 MuUhW. V. Latta, the boy^s father,\who
kissed the child while ill, and was bit
ten on the hand. , >
. Matilda Latta, the mother, whose
lips were infected from .kissing the
boy. ,-i;
Forest Birdsall, 12 years old, Mad
rltfT Iowa, who kissed the child and
was also bitten by the dog; will prob
ably die H&a N . ... -... w .v-
Harold Latta, 3 years old, bitten by
mad dog at Madrid, Iowa, October. 28,
died to-day.
CHICAGO, Jan. 13. — The kiss oi a
3-year-old child may cause the death
of three persons now at the Pasteur
Institute under treatment for rabies.
One is said to have but a slender
lease on life. The child is dead of
the malady. Although the stricken
parents hurried the little one across
the prairies. of Iowa, as soon as they
learned the nature of the illness, they
were too late. The victims are:
Thrcc-Ycar-Old Child Dead and Three
' Persons Are In a Critical
Condition.
3IAD DOG'S BITE MA1T
CAUSE DEATH OF FOUR
I/DNDON. Jan. 13. — The remain* of Mme.
Antoinette Sterling (Mrs. J. McKinley). the
American singer, who died Sunday, were cre
mated to-day.
Without seeing the Diamond Palace
would be like visiting Europe without
seeing Paris. It is a leading feature of
San Francisco. »nd is conceded to be the
most bAiutlful. jewelry store in the
world. Visitors or purchasers are equal
ly welcome, 221 Montgomery street, be
tween Bush and Pine. \ •
A Visit to San Francisco.
SALT LAKE, Jan. 13. — William
Heinhold. a noted duelist half a cen
tury «igo and at that time regarded as
one of the most expert swordsmen of
France and Germany, died here to-day
of old age. Heinhold participated in
the German revolution of 184 8 with
General Hirgel and Carl Schurz, who
were his comrades. He was banished
from his native land and went to
France and there took an active part
in the events of the Second Commune,
for which a price was placed on his
head. Heinhold was SI years old.
Pacing of a Noted Duelist.
NEW YORK, Jan. 13.— John A. Ben
son will not be required to remain
within the jurisdiction of New York
until he reappears for trial here. The
authorities have granted permission
for him to return to California, with
the understanding that he will again
appear for trial on February 2. Al
though under bond, this guarantee of
the Federal authorities insures Ben
son's immunity from rearrest on any
other indictments while in California.
Accordingly he will leave here for San
Francisco with his attorneys Friday
evening.
Walter Slack of San Francisco, one
of F. A. Hyde's former clerks, testi
fied to-iday that he kept accounts for
Hyde, and that the latter had land
dealings with forty other clients be
sides Benson, and that as far as he was
aware Hyde's accounts made no men
tion of alleged deals affecting Govern-'
ment lands said to have been fraudu
lently entered. Slack will not be held
here as a' witness as., contemplated,
since he has given all evidence of
which he is possessed. /
Trial Is Called.
Remain in New York Until
Defendant Will Xot Be Required to
BENSON MAY RETURN
TO CALI FORMA HOM E
WASHINGTON, Jan. 13. — Senator
Fulton to-daj- reported favorably from
the Committee on Industrial Exposi
tions the bill providing for the Lewis
and Clark Exposition at Portland,
Or., in 150S, and making the appro
priation of $2,125.00 for its support.
The bill is amended to require all Gov
ernment expenditures to be made un
der the supervision of a national com
mission.
Aid for Portland Exposition
SANTA CRUZ, Jan. 13.— The will of
Springer O. Hilton, who died last week,
was filed for probate to-day. After
leaving bequests to relatives Hilton be
queaths $1250 to Miss Carrie Lewis
of Capitola and to her sister Susie he
leave? the remainder of his estate, most
of which is situated In England. The
will expressly provides that she shall
have sole, control of the property left
her and In case of marriage her hus
band will not have any interest in it.
The deceased was unmarried and 49
years old.
SALINAS, Jan. 13. — The second
trial of Charles B. Graves, charged
with having robbed freight cars of the
Southern Pacific Company, was re
sumed this afternoon and the prosecu
tion sprung a surprise by putting on
the stand W. H. Dougherty, who is
now serving a term at San Quentin for
receiving the stolen property. At the
last trial, wtoich resulted in a disagree
ment of the jury. Dougherty refused
to testify. To-day he gave damaging
testimony against Graves.
¦ m ¦
Leaves Estate to HLs Friends.
Convict Dougherty Gives Testimony.
A petition was adopted and directed
to the Traffic Managers' Association at
Chicago asking that their action in
denying transportation to stock ship
pers be rescinded else the stock men
would be forced to ship their stock as
perishable freight, thus putting the
railroad to extra expense and trouble
to care for them.
A resolution s was adopted opposing
the bill creating a national humane
association on the ground that it would
mean unwarranted interference with
stock shipping. Another resolution was
adopted urging that the railroads make
special rates on pure bred animals &s
an incentive to wider breeding of this
class of stock.
the growers and 'feeders of livestock.
A number of Important resolutions
were passed by the convention • during
the afternoon, the majority of them
bearing upon legislative measures now
pending in Congress. The first reso
lution favored' an amendment to the
interstate commerce ; act giving the
commission power to adjust shipping
rates when unfair ones are put In force
By the railroad companies on stock
shipments. Another opposed the re
peal of the act placing a duty upon
hides. "A third resolution favored the
passage of the bill calling for a classi
fied census of livestock and the. anti
shoddy "bill.
PASADENA, Jan. 13.— Mrs." Ruth
Brown Thompson, the eldest daughter
of John Brown, the famous abolition
ist)" Is critically 111 at her home in this
city. She is 75 years old and has been
living here with' her husband and
daughter about twenty years.
I Daughter of Abolitionist Dying.
SANTA CRUZ, Jan. 13.— The South
ern Pacific Company to-day began suit
against Bertha Leibbrandt to recover
possession of a portion of the beach
occupied by her bathhouse and $500
damages. The defendant paid $90 for
a lease for one year, beginning la,st
June, but the plaintiff claims the agent
acted without authority and under a
mistake. An offer to return the money
paid was refused. Legal complications
are exDected to result from the suit.
The Attorney General may take a hand,
for it is claimed the State owns a por
tion of .the beach and that neither the
railroad company nor the city of Santa
Cruz has any title.
State May Intervene in the Suit.
NEW YORK, Jan. 13.— The annual
stockholders' meeting of the American
Sugar Refining Company was held to
day in Jersey City. In his annual
statement President Havemeyer said
that the average price of refined su
gar during the year was 4.64 cents
per pound, including 1.87 cents per
pound to the Government, making the
net price 2.33 cents per pound. The
average price a year ago was 4.55
cents a pound, including 1.81 cents to
the Government, making a net price
of 2.74 cents per pound. Havemeyer
said that until instructed definitely by
tile stockholders, the directors would
continue to conform to the rule that
special information shall not be given
to individual shareholders. The div
idends for the last year, the president
added, have been continued at the 7
per cent rate, the surplus earnings of
accumulated profits being reserved as
working capital. Charles H. Sneff
and Washington T. Thomas were re
elected directors and the manage
ment and conduct of the business and
the actiop of the directors declaring
that the accumulated profits less the
dividends be reserved as working cap
ital were approved. v
%j - - - A.
President of Refining Company Says
Accumulated Profits Will Be Used
as Working Capital.
HAVEMEYKR DISCUSSES
PROFITS OX SUGAR
WASHINGTON. Jan. 13. — Senator
Bard to-day introduced a bill for the
extinguishment of private land titles
in Yosemite, General Grant and Se
quoia National parks. By its terms
the Secretary of the Interior is author
ized to exchange with the owners land
elsewhere of equal value for holdings
within the parks. It stipulates that
land to be offered in exchange shall
be neither timber nor mineral. The
acreage held by private owners in Se
quoia Park amounts to over 3700
acres; in General Grant Park, 160
acres; in Yosemite, 47,000 acres. The
bill was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands, which also has before
it a bill by Senator Perkins providing
for a means of acquiring title to the
Calaveras Grove of big trees for the
purpose of making another national
park, and also a bill granting the
State of California 5 per cent of the
net proceeds of the sale of public
lands of that State.
Bill in Congress Provides That Out
side Holdings May lie Exchanged
for Those in Reservations.
UNCLE SAM WANTS TO
OWN* THE PARK LANDS
CHICO, Jan. 13.— A lone robber stood
up two women, and a man In .a house
here early this morning, and from a
trunk belonging, to one of the. women
secured about $200 in coin and certifi
cates of deposit representing $600. The
robber treuted the women roughly and
used a cocked revolver to enforce his
commands. , • • -.„
Lone Robber Operates at Chico.
; SAN JOSE, Jan. 13.— Julius H. Bien,
manager of the Blen Naphine Com
pany, which manufactures an insecti
cide, was" arrested in San Francisco
this morning at the request of Sheriff
Langford on a charge of obtaining
money by false pretenses. The com
plaining witness is Louis B. Gorgers,
who claims that Bien represented that
the naphine company had a contract
with W. F. Kennedy, an orchardist
near Berryessa, and on the strength of
that representation borrowed $15 from
Gorgers on a promissory note. Gor
gers now claims that the naphine com
pany is insolvent, and "that it is not
able to meet the note, and that Bien
misrepresented things to him. Bien is
a" graduate chemist and comes from
the southern part of the State. He is
a brother of Attorney Blen of San
Francisco.
Promissory Xotc .Causes Trouble.
LEGISLATIVE MEASURES.
Colonel W. E. Skinner of Chicago de
livered an address "on "Livestock Ex
positions." ' ¦ "' *•<¦ .-• >" - - <-
Colonel c:e. Wantlarid spoke to the
convention on the subject of "Winter
Feeding on the Ranges.!'
The address of *C. .E., Adams of .Ne
braska was read by Colonel .Wilson 'of
Texas,, in the absence, of Mr. Adams,
who; was unable to attend the conven
tion.' The. address, "which was'well'rer
ceived by the";' delegates,; 'explained*. to
the -convention; somef of 'the ''Injurious
effects of a packers', comblnationrupdd
Two sessions of trie day were de
voted to addresses upon this and other
matters of importance to' the stock
men. The afternoon was given over
almost entirely to the packing-house
question. . L - / - f .
This evening >the j were
taken through Portland's .Chinatown,
where the Celestials greeted them with
a brilliant exhibition of fireworks. The
ladies in attendance upon the co'nven
tion were entertained at the Portland
Hotel during the afternoon by the la
dies of Portland.
The business sessions of the conven
tion opened this morning in the Baker
Theater. There was a large attend
ance of stock men.
The feature of the morning session
was the flattering annual report of
Secretary Charles F. Martin. It show
ed the association to.be in a.prosper
ous condition and recorded the ac?
eomplishment of much work of benefit
to the stock raisers. Attention was
directed to ways of accomplishing
more than has been, and active co-op
eration was urged. . •
Much time was devoted to the con
sideration of livestock .conditions in
the various States. Among those who
spoke were: E. S. Fosney of Arizona,
Mr. Howard of California, Mr. McMil
lan of Idaho, H. W. McAfee of Kansas,
Charles Wright of New Hampshire
and Jerry Simpson of New Mexico, v
SHORTAGE OF THE RANGE.
The burden of the report of each
speaker was that while conditions of
the market and range are not aa they
would like to have them, yet the live
stock Industry is in good condition. The
majority of . States had grievances on
account of the shortage of the range.
The greatest grievance of the stock
men appeared to. be against the rail
roads. These corporations, -" it was
stated, have caused great suffering to
the stockmen by their- dilatory meth
ods of handling stock, trains.* Stock
cars have been sidetracked to permit
the passage of empty cars and: other
sources of delay- have been permitted
to interfere with the transportation of
stock,'- until the .producer cannot get
his product to market in any sort of
condition. . " , , ¦
The consensus, of opinion was. that
the interests of the livestock industry
demand the passage. of a law requir
ing railroads .. to handle livestock in
train load lota and make not less than
fifteen miles per hour, including stops,
from point of loading to ' point of de
livery.
It was "suggested that the great. need
of the livestock men is a representa
tive in Congress to take care of: the
interests of the stockmen. The inabil
ity of cattlemen to raise money on their
cattle was .attributed to speculations
in Wall street and the action of East,
ern . capitalists , in drawing in money
from the West. The leasing of. reserve
lands for grazing purpqses .was advo
cated 1 ; by. almost every speaker.
E. P. Lowe of Honolulu, Hawaii,
gave a report of the efforts being made
inthe islands to. develop the cattle In
dustry. He stated that \ a good start
had been; made, but that .there -are
many conditions that are disadvan
tageous to the raiser. ..
PORTLAND, Jan. 13.— The proposi
tion to incorporate a company of live
stock men for the purpose, of estab
lishing Independent packing-houses in
the stock centers of the country to com
pete with the packers', combine and re
store prices on livestock was the all
absorbing topic of discussion in' the
National Livestock Conventlon"to-day.
By unanimous 'vote the convention in
dorsed a sesolution favoring the incor
poration of such a company and the
establishment of the independent
houses. Steps will now be- taken to
raise stock subscriptions to the amount
of $5,000,000 for the purpose of capitaliz
ing the corporation and placing it upon
a financial footing to proceed with the
work of establishing plants for the
purpose, outlined in to-day's discus
sion. (
The ide t . of the' stock men is to have
a co.-poration composed entirely of
livestock raisers who shall be share
holders in the company and directors
of its business affairs. The "plants of
this company are to compete with the
combination plants, giving. the producer
a better price for his stock and main
taining, reasonable prices to the con
sumer. In turn these , independent
packing-houses are to be supported by
the livestock raisers against the^com
bination. Now that the association has
indorsed the plan, which is entirely sep
arate from the organization, the matter
of interesting livestock men in the pro
ject and of securing subscriptions to
raise the necessary capital will be
placed in the hands of committees to
be appointed for that purpose in the
stock-raising States.
Addresses made on the convention
floor indicate that the stock men are
willing and ready to use their money
and. energy in unlimited quantities to
bring about the desired result. The
packers' combination was denounced
as a greedy combine that had not only
taken the profit from the stock raiser,
but now was reaching out to try to
absorb his ; principal. The unanimous
opinion was that the time has come
when the stock raisers must rise and
overthrow this oppressing foe to the
industry.
LIVESTOCK CONDITIONS.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 13.— Safe blow
ers, whose work proves that -they an
not novices, forced an entrance into th<
bank of Sawtelle, near the Nationa
Soldiers' Home, some time before day
light this morning, blew open the safe
with nitro-glycerin and carried awaj
the strong box containing more ' thar
$1300. The quantity of explosive was
measured so exactly that, although th«
front; door of the safe was blown out,
the windows of the building were not
broken and the interior of the bank
was but little wrecked.
After blowing off the front doors ol
the safe the robbers removed the inner
chest, a steel box weighing 500 pounds,
and taking it on a hand truck three
blocks through the town stole a horse
and buggy from the stable of O. W.
Jewett and made their escape. What
remained of the strong box was found
this evening in a field several miles
from Sawtelle. The box had been blown
open and the money removed. Nearly
$150 in silver was picked up near by.
Some of the money had been blown
a considerable distance. ¦ V iS'« : .
The robbery was committed by three
men who were seen to get off the last
electric car frc-m this city at Sawtelle
last night. The town has no police
protection and the robbers could have
worked all night without being dis
turbed." Complete descriptions of the
men have been supplied to the authori
ties, but no trace either of them or of
the stolen rig has been found.
The bank which was robbed is a
branch of the bank of Santa Monica,
of which a son of United States Sena
tor Jones is president. As a result of
the robbery a general warning was
sent out to-day to all the banks in the
smaller towns throughout this section
of the State. A year ago, when it was
known that bank robbers were in this
part of the country, many of the banks
placed special .guards on duty, and this
plan will again be followed. The detec
tives believe that the crime was com
mitted by the gang. which so success
fully operated In the Middle West last
year.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 13.— J. A. Bar
nett, who attacked his 14-year-old son
and cut and beat him almost to death
because he objected to the boy joining
the navy, has been found guilty of
"assault with a deadly weapon with
intent to commit murder." According
to.. the testimony given by the boy at
the preliminary examination, his fath
er attacked him while he lay sleep,
slashed him several times across the
face and throat with a razor and beat
him on the head with a hammer. The
lad did not testify at the trial, as the
prosecution was unable to locate him.
His mother, however, who. Is separated
from Barnett, testified against her hus
band. No evidence was offered by the
defense , excepting some expert testi
mony showing that Barnett may have
been insane at the time he committed
the deed. .
John J. Howley, Wynne's chief
clerk, occupied the stand for a brief
timr\ the principal part of his testi
mony relating to the fact that he
suggested to his superior officer the
advisability of examining into the
legality of aipchen's initials and sig
nature placed on leters and requisi
tions by Machen's subordinates.
Wynne said that in the matter of
the purchase of supplies he always
transacted his business with Machen,
the general {superintendent. He said
it was not a part of his duties to per
sonally attend to the direction or
preparation of orders for Groff fasten
ers, or other supplies, nor did he de
termine the question as to whether
the supplies were absolutely neces
sary or not unless particularly
brought to his attention.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 13. — Robert
J. Wynne. First Assistant Postmaser
General, was the central figure in the
trial of August W. Machen and others
to-day, and when the court adjourned
until Friday he was still on the stand.
Wynne's testimony occupied most of
the day and he was subjected to a
rigid cross-examination by Charles A.
Douplass, counsel for the defense,
during which the opposing attorneys
had several tilts, necessitating a word
of admonition from Justice Pritch
ard that they must conduct the case
in peace. The First Assistant Post
master General was i>lic-d with ques
tions designed to lest his knowledge of
the duties of his office. Witness
stated that he often had sisned pa
pers prepared in Machen's division
without examining into their con
tents, because they came to him in
official form and because of the fact
that he regarded Machen as one of
th»? most expert men in the service
and relied on him.
The "hay and straw classification
case" brought by the Interstate Com
merce Commission against • the Lake
Shore and Michigan Southern Railroad
Company is now pending in the Cir
cuit Court of Ohio.
"The cotton traffic pool cases" against
the Western and Atlantic Railway
Company to prevent control oti the
"routing" of cotton are? periding in
Georgia.
A number of minor cases,' it is stated,
have been brought to compel carriers
to make annual reports to the Inter
state Commerce Commission. ~
In conclusion the Attorney General
recommends a permanent increase in
the force of his department, saying it
would result in more satisfactory work
at less expense. He requires a "new
Assistant Attorney General" to take
charge of this class of w<5rk; abo an
additional Assistant Attorney General
and additional clerks..
A case against the coal carrying
roads is now pending before the Su
preme Court, to be heard Mairch 17, 1904,
on a motion to compel witnesses to
give testimony before the Interstate
Commerce Commission and to produce
books and papers demanded by the
commission in an investigation of the
methods of conducting business as pur
sued bv the roads.
A case brought by the Interstate
Commerce Commission against the
Nashville, Chattanooga and St. Louis
Railway Company to restrain the road
from overcharging between points men
tioned is now pending before the Su
preme Court of the United States on
appeal.
COTTON IS INVOLVED.
The case of the Jacksonville Whole
sale Grocers' Association is proceeding
in equity under the anti-trust apt in
the Circuit Court of Florida for the
purpose of dissolving "a combination of
wholesale grocers."
The salt trust case is described as
an indictment under the anti-trust act
in the Circuit Court for the Northern
District of California against the Na
tional Salt Company for having cre
ated a combine and monopoly to con
trol and enhance the price of saJt. The
defendants pleaded guilty May 12, 1903,
and were fined $1000.
Railroad injunction suits are proceed
ing in equity under the anti-trust act
against fourteen railroad companies, of
which eight are pending in the United
States Court for the Western District
of Missouri and six before the same
court for the Northern District of Illi
nois. . ,
The beef trust case he describes as
"a proceeding in equity brought under
the anti-trust act in the Northern Ju
dicial District of Illinois to dissolve an
alleged unlawful combination and con
spiracy between seven corporations,
one partnership and twenty-three in
dividuals engaged in the business of
purchasing livestock, converting the
same into fresh. and cured meats apd
shipping and selling the products to
dealers and consumers throughout the
United States and in foreign countries."
This case was laid before the Su
preme Court of the United States from
the Circuit Court, which overruled a
demurrer interposed by the defendants
and remanded the cause.
AFTER i'HE RAILROADS.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 13.— Attorney
General Knox to-day transmitted to
the House his reply to the resolution
asking for information regarding the
manner in which he had expended the
special appropriation of $500,000 firr
anti-trust prosecutions. A detailed
statement of expenditures shows that
a total of $35,985 has been disbursed
from the appropriation, most of it for
special counsel. The Attorney General
submits a statement describing the na
ture of the cases prosecuted, begin
ning with the Northern Securities case
now awaiting decision by the Supreme
Court of the United States.
FIGHTING BEEP TRUST.
"The Senator from West Virginia
will admit* that he is one of the mine
owners," said Patterson, and Scott ad
mitted that such was the fact.
Patterson then proceeded to say that
the Colorado Mine Owners' Association
had been more directly responsible
than all other influences for the course
of Governor Peabody in connection
with the recent strikes in the State.
The organization, We said, devoted its
energies to securing the extermination
of union labor, and he asserted that
great injustice had been done by the
use of the militia in imprisoning men.
establishing a press censorship, etc.
Scott said in reply that he had al
ways been a friend of organized labor,
but there never had been "a more tyr
annical or despotic organization on the
face of the earth than that which the
Colorado Senator is championing here
now."
The resolution was referred to the
Judiciary Committee.
Scott then asked for the reading of a
reply from the mine owners of Colo
rado, but subsequently withdrew the
request, contenting himself with asking
to have the reply go to the committee
and be printed and considered with
other papers bearing upon the ques
tion.
The presentation of the papers was
made the basis of a sharp colloquy
between Patterson and Scott.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 13.— To-day's
session of the Senate began with the
presentation by Patterson of Colorado
of a telegraphic petition from the Fed
eration of Labor of Colorado, in session
at Denver, requesting: the adoption of
the resolution formerly presented in
the Senate by Patterson, providing for
an investigation of the Colorado strike
by a Senate committee.* Patterson
said that the federation numbered 35,
000 men. He asked to have the reso
lution referred to the Judiciary Com
mittee, together with the petition. The
petition was read.
Daring Criminals Then Steal
a Horse and Buggy From
Private Residence and Escape
Many Suits Against Combines
in All Parts of the Union Arc
Pending in Federal Courts
National Association Transacts
Business of Great Importance
at Its Annual Convention
Disappears to Avoid Testifying
Against Parent and Needed
Evidence Is Given by 3Iother
West Virginian Declares the
Colorado Organization Is
-Tyrannical and Despotic
DENOUNCE BIG COMBINE
Witness Did Not Examine the
Papers of Accused Carefully,
as He Was Regarded an Expert
§35,000 NOW DISBURSED
BOY CANNOT BE LOCATED
DEFENDANT WAS TRUSTED
WORK OF PROFESSIONALS
SCOTT SCORES FEDERATION
Livestock Men Purpose to Es
tablish Independent Houses
in .i Cattle-Raising .Centers
Senate Refers Patterson's Res
olution for an Inquiry to
the Judiciary Committee
J. A. Barnett, Who Made Mur
derous Assault on His Sleep
ing Son, Convicted of Felony
Assistant Postmaster General
Wynne's Testimony in Ma
chen Trial Arouses Attorneys
Blow Open the Safe With Nitro-
Glycerin and Carry Off a
Steel Box Containing $1300
Attorney General Gives State
ment of How Special Fond
of §500,000 Is Being Used
BRUTAL FATHER
FOUND GUILTY
SUING TRUSTS
IS EXPENSIVE
PACKING TRUST
TO BE FOUGHT
ANGRY LA WYERS
ENLIVEN CASE
MINERS' STRIKE
IS DISCUSSED
BURGLARS ROB
A SMALL BANK
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 14, 1904.
6
SCOTT'S EMULSION.
SEVEN FROM ONE.
It has been shown that one
bottle of Scott's Emulsion is
capable of building seven
times its weight of solid,
healthy flesh.
How is this possible? vj:
Because Scott's Emulsion
is one of the richest and most
digestible of foods.
Because Scott's Emulsion
"makes all good food do good.
Nothing of value to the body
is allowed to go to waste.
Because Scott's Emulsion
makes the stomach strong,
the appetite keen- and the
digestion perfect.
- Because Scott's Emulsion
adds new - flesh to the bod}',
puts new blood in the veins
and feeds the fires of life
called vitality.
. We 11 tead 70s a Maple free epos request
fCpTT ti BOWNE, 409 ftarl Strcrt, N. Y.
¦ ADV3BTISEMENTS.
JL a V>B JL J3l Js& JL X JL_#
begins the new year
with an edition of the
January Number of/
To make sure of getting this
number, buy it at once be-
fore the edition is exhausted.
The McGlure's for December .•
sold out in ten days.
YOU i CAN GET McCLURB'8 PROM ANT NEWS* '
DEALER. McCLURE AGENT OR THE- PUBLISHERS
— 10e A COPT- 11.00 FOR A TEAK'S SUBSCRIPTION
8.' &> - McCLURE CO., 1 143 EAST 05th ST.; NEW YORK >
¦—-", ADV25STISE3GB27TS.
I B. KATSCHINSKI I
I Philadelphia Shoe Co, [j
• 1 10 THIRD STREET. SAN FRANCISCO, j
t t| Adjolntasr Call Buiiaiaar. [l
1 1 HAVE GUT THE PRICE OF 1
ijfl WARM GOODS. [j
' t| The coldest days in the . year j
• H are approaching, and it behooves |
fi everybody to see that their feet |l
1 are kept warm. Don't suffer or C
fl shiver with cold feet when you I|
ft ran buy warm lined shoes cheap. IJ
1 ' ¦ \S*e are out to boom business, and il
; H as a special inducement before Bj
I H . stock-taking we will sell Ladles t (
H dark blue- imported German FelU tl
!M Lace Shoes, reinforced with leather [J
! H sido pieces and flannel lined, at ||
J |j 90 cents a pair. Sizes 3 to 8. I
I LADIES' KID LACE !
; sj A shoe that looks double the u
j fj value because it is made up neat Ej
! Id and snappy. Will fit well and Q
i L'j guaranteed for wear. Ladies' Im- I
; a perial Kid Lace Shoes, with styl- H
li ish coin toes and tips; medium E
'¦ H heavy soles, with extension edges H
j M and military heels. Our price just M
2 to keep business, going $1.40 a Li
I H pair. Sizes 2'i to 8; widths B to |
• H St a a #fe jfflv^i '13lJriiBiJil &i
I FELT JULIETS REDUCED 1
; i We must keep the ladles' feet ||
' ' warm, and to prove that we have ||
fl reduced our prices we will sell IJ
I Ladles' Red Felt Fur Trimmed Ju- H
liets, warm lined, at 60 cents a El
pair. Sizes 2% to 8. ||
Special Reduction Prices j
Ladies' Patent Leather Lace I
Shoes — Prominent lines bunched IS
together and worth from S3.50 to |j
$5.00. turns and welts. French and ||
military heels, at the special prlc* E!
of $1.73. |j
Ladies' Vici Kid Juliets — Full |]
round toes and patent leather tips. Q
Our price reduced to $1.35. Sizes H
2H to S. Widths C to EK. . O
Ladles' Black Beaveretta Seven- |i
button Oversarters — All sizes. Be- a
dtxeed to 25 cents. H
Children's and Misses' Imperial fj
Kid Lace and Button Shoes— Ev- t
ery pair guaranteed for wear. B
style the latest and will fit well, k
We have reduced the price — J
Child's sizes. 8 to 11 80o I
Misses' sizes. 11 % to 2 95c j
IB. KATSCHINSKI
Philadelphia Shoe Co.
10 liiittD ST.. San Tranelsco. i
| - . __¦
Pleasant Memories
Of comfort and correct appearance linger
with the patrons of this laundry.
Comfort— because shirts are starchetT
and ironed to fit the wearer, and collars
and cuffs bear no "saw-edges"; correct
appearance because U. S. Laundry work
is the much in little of supertTfinish and
perfect cleanliness.
Phone South 420 will put you on our
Hat.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY,
OXTXCXi 1004 MARKET STREET, )
?««ar Powell.
- Phono South 420. *
*^gP^&df MENANDWOMZ*.
WeS^tlTREsSSl Ci«Bijieforunn»tur»i
£Mj3r 1*1 1« I <in.\]l diiciiarzetJnSanKBAtioaa.
£Sm# Oimui«4 W Irriutloai or ulceritloui
R*"J| J** *• »ulafi». of noeeai tuembraa**.
gyn^EETlSSCHUmiCO. cat or poi.onoai.
B.S.A. or Mnt la I" 1 *' 0 w raPI>OT.
ySBaKBRraril • 1 .00. or 3 bot ties $2.75.
« circuit «est oa wqaaafc
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price List3 Maiioi
on Application. ; • ;£
FRESH AOT> OAX.Tr KXATS.
jas. bo¥es& co.
______ _
LU ?,?S AT1NO O^S: LEONARD A ELLIS.
*1S Front »tw. 8. F. Phone Main miTT
_1 - .' ranrna, ¦-.,.;. j.
F C'HIIfiHES. « • printer. - ?
C V. UUUUCJ, Ml a»n«o.n»ttJ g. f.
Sly M tioo DBTleai
COME EARLY!
THEY ARE HEBE!
A Carload Arrived Yesterday
\mm century!
' COOKBOOK T
AH persons sending to
the Cook Book '. Depart-
ment of this paper a six
months' subscription to -
The Daily and " Sunday t
Call may secure one of the
Twentieth Century Cook
Books at the premium rate
of 50c.
All Call subscribers may
take advantage of this
offer. ; .
- —¦ > - ¦. . . .
Out-oMown subscribers should remit 1
20c idditiaMltsprepar transportation |
charge*. . ]\ ¦-¦;!' \ v 'lInsurance Suit on Trial.
The case of the Nome Lighterage
and Transportation Company against
the Frankfort Marine Accident Insur
ance Company is on trial in the United
States .Circuit Court before a Jury.
The suit is to recover $2500 and inter
est for insurance on the hull of the
schooner Catherine Sudden, which was
wrecked off the Alaskan coast about
two years ago.
This is the same boy that, under the
name of Sam Patterson, was arrested
on June 30 by Deputy Marshal Gam
ble for robbing officers' houses at the
Presidio. He was not prosecuted ow
ing to Gamble having committed sui
cide-after being arrested for complic
ity in the Chinese substitution cases.
Sam Parrson, a Filipino boy, was
booked at the City Prison yesterday
by Detective Taylor and Policeman
Jordan on a charge of. grand larceny.
It is alleged that' he met William Hay,
who arlved on the steamer Sonoma,
on Market street on Tuesday night
and told Hay a "hard luck" story. Hay
took him to his room at the Win
chester "House, that he might, have
lodging.
When Hay awoke yesterday morn
ing Parrson had disappeared. He had
stolen an opal ring from \ Hay's fin
ger and $16 50. Hay notified the po
lice and Parrson was soon under ar
rest.
Sam Parrson Accused of Having: Sto
len ii King and Coin From
William Hay.
The City Engineer's map showing
lands granted to the city,for . the ex
tension of Treat' avenue was' approved.
The) map showing the location of
lands', granted .by the Spring. Valley
Water ¦ Company for. the improvement
of Ocean avenue at its Junction with
Corbett avenue Was approved.
The award 1 i>? contracts f or grading
the new,-, rest-house / site and - for V the
construction of a road leading thereto
was- postponed for one week. The low
est bid,' from Edward Malley at $7872 90,
the 'estimated cost being; $11,000. The
City. Street 'Improvement Company Ibid
5,303 on the,, construction > of a sewer
leading to the pest-house.
Resolutions under- private ajid public
contract, were ' adopted for the doing of
street work in various parts of trie
City.' i . ' : .',<;. . V i' .. ,'¦'' - :
A communication was received yes
terday by the Board of Public Works
from J. W. Coffroth, secretary of the
Superior Court, stating that at a meet
ing of the Superior Judges it was
unanimously resolved that the head of
each department of the municipal gov
ernment make it an Imperative rule
of his department that no person serv
ing under him shall intercede either
directly or indirectly to get citizens ex
cused from jury duty. The board de
cided to give notice to the heads of
departments under its control to com
ply with the 'desire of the Superior
Judges.
The board referred to the City At
torney for his opinion as to whether
Burnett place # is one of the public
stree'ts of the city. A notice was served
on the Union Trust Company agents
for Mrs. Howard Colt to remove cer
tain fences on the street, but there is
some disagreement between the prop
erty owners and the city as to the own
ership of Burnett place. ¦ .y^
James W. Relnfeld and H. F. Shee
han,' foreman painters, filed a petition
that all painters employed by the board
be allowed ' to lay off each Saturday
at 12 o'clock and that each receive a
full day's pay therefor. The petition
is pursuant to a resolution adopted by
the Painters' Union .that painters, ob
serve Saturday afternoon as a half
holiday. .It was the opinion of the
board that under the charter the re
quest "could not be granted, but the
petitioners will confer with the board
next Saturday.
The resignation of Thomas Reagan
as Inspector of street cleaning was ac
cepted. Commissioner Casey was ex
cused from voting. .Reagan was grant
ed a Jeave.of absence when he was ap
pointed Police . Commissioner last Oc
tcber and now that he has been re
appointed Commissioner he resigned
his old position:- ,
: A resolution was adopted ordering
the repair of sidewalks on Natoma
street, near Second; ' Dorland street,
near Sanchez; Belcher ; street, near
Duboce avenue, ; and Twentieth street, 1
near Castro. . • . • .. .
FILIPINO BOY ROBS MAN
WHO BEFRIENDED HOI
Board of, Works Decrees That
No Subordinate Shall Help
Friends to Escape Jury Duty
The contentions between Japan and
Russia have suggested the war subject
for general discussion, which will be
gin with the Rev. Jay William Hud
son's views on "Civilization Without
War; Is It Desirable?" Warren Olney.
Mayor of Oakland, will follow by sus
taining the statement, "A Hundred
Tears From Now Ethical and Tech
nical Evolution Will Have Made War
Improbable and Perhaps Impossible."
General Woodruff will hold that "War
Will Be Possible Anywhere and at Any
Time During the Next Hundretl
Years," and General MacArthur will
close the debate with his views on
"The Future of War."
"The Future of War" will be th«
subject discussed at a gathering of
representative men and women of tho
city at the Palace Hotel Monday even
ing, when the ladies' night dinner
given by the Unitarian Club will take
place.
I'liitnrinn Clnb Will Hear Arguments
Between Warriors and Civilians
at Ladles* Night Dinner.
EMPLOYES NOT
TO INTERFERE
j REPRESENTATIVE MEN TO
j DISCUSS "FUTURE OF WAR."
May Continue Litigation
W. Harpren asserts that the Union
Mutual Insurance Company has
prosecuted him maliciously and he
has brought a suit to recover damages
therefor. It appears that civil suits
p. gainst him were instituted in three
courts. He lost his '.damage suit in
th«» Superior Court, but he was sus
tained yesterday by the Supreme
Court and will cet a new trial. The
rs mount involved is $104. Each party
has probably spend mans* times that
pum in the course of the long litiga
tion.
Newly Appointed Brcadmaker Cele
* . brutes His Political Rise and
Allows Dough to Fall.
The City and County Hospital has
a new baker in the person of Henry
Marquette, who succeeds A. Kopp, ap
pointed to the place by the Board of
Health last Saturday. Kopp reported
for duty on Monday and the next day
he celebrated his political rise by get
ting intoxicated.
Kopp had previously made the
dough for the day's bread, but in his
exhilarating condition he allowed it to
fall and spoil, and it was necessary to
purchase bread for the inmates from
outside bakeries. He was 'promptly
dismissed by Warden Elbei;t, and
Marquette will now compound the
staff of life for the institution.
Two Xcw Policemen
The Polire Commissioners made
requisition yesterday on the Civil Ser
vice Commission for two eligibles on
the list of policemen, and the names
of Frank P. Gunther and James H.
Kennedy were certified for appoint
ment-
An Odd Bureau.
At the close of stock-taking at Patto
sien's, the big furniture, carpet and dra
pery house. Sixteenth and Mission sts..
hundreds of odd bureaus in oak, mahog
any and birdseye maple have been found
among the immense stock. They are
from the finest broken suits and are to
be, sold at about half their value. •
Caught Stealing Eggs.
Richard Goodwin, second cook at
Bergman's restaurant, 631 Clay street,
and Thomas Gallagher, a laborer,
were arrested yesterday morning by
Detective Egan and Policeman Flyrin
and booked at the City Prison on a
charge of . petty larceny. v They are
accused of stealing a box of eggs from
the kitchen of the "restaurant, which
they had In tHeir possession when ar
rested. It was booked as evidence
against them. ¦ ,
Murderer Gets New Trial.
TJhe Supreme Court granted a new
trial yesterday to Richard Manoogriah,
who -was convicted of murder, in an
interior county and sentenced to. life
imprisonment. His defense was that
he was insane and the trial court re
fused to admit certain evidence sup
porting this contention. The Supreme
Court holds that the evidence should
have been admitted.
Gives Medals to School Children.
Mrs. Charles Holbrook. wife of the
secretary of the Humane Society, has
made arrangements . to give silver
medals to pupils of the public schools
who write meritorious 'essays on sub
jects relating to the kind 'treatment 'of
animals. The medals will be engraved
with the names of those who ..win
them. V "• . '-"*'' -¦.'•¦-¦;'.¦¦'¦•. ' :' '"' [ ¦*".:¦.'
One explanation suggested by the
parents is that the girl while disrobing
may have struck tTie. key with an
article of dress and turned it partly
open. They say that she retired in
good spirits at 10 o'clock on Tuesday
night and kissed them good night as
usual. • .
Pretty Ritta Roxburgh, a 15-year
old schoolgirl, residing with her pa
rents, Joseph and Clara Roxburgh, at
395 Guerrero street, was suffocated by
illuminating gas in her bed some time
during last Tuesday night. Her mother
smelled the odor of gas at 6:30 o'clock
yesterday morning and traced it to the
girl's room.- The key of the burner
was half turned and the girl was dead.
Attached to the burner "was a tube,
which had been connected with a
small gas heater that had been taken
out of the room a few days ago.
The parents are confident that Miss
Rltta's death was the result' of an ac
cident, but Deputy Coroner Michael
Brown was unable to discover the
manner In which the. accident oc
curred.
Pretty Rltta Roxburgh the Victim at
Her Parents' Home of a Mys- ' *
tcrlous Accident.
FIFTEEX-YEAR-OLD GIRL
IS SUFFOCATED BY GAS
After some days had passed and Por
ter did not return and nothing was
heard about him the Typographical
Union of Fresno engaged Jones to
i search for Porter. This search was un
j availing. No trace was secured and
Jones was compelled to report that Por
ter's absence was as much of a puzzle
to him as it was to any other oeraon.
Since Porter went away Jones has
had Porter's trunk, there being no
claimant for it. This trunk is opened
and has on it a Yale lock, the key of
which was carried away by Porter
when he started out on his unfortunate
trip. By the skeleton that has been
found in Pacheco pass there was dis
covered a key to a Yale lock. Much
more significant, said Jones last even-
Ing in this city, is the fact that the
number and make of the bicycle that
was found in Pacheco pass correspond
exactly with the description supplied
by the bicycle agent in Fresno who sold
the bicycle to Porter. Jones has hunted
this matter up and has made sure of
this fact, so he says.
As there was no reason known to
his friends why Porter should have
committed suicide Jones is convinced
that a* murder has been committed, but
he has no information that leads h!m
to a definite suspicion as to the mur
derer. Since Porter went away it has
been necessary. In the search for evi
dence to locate him that -his trunk
I should be broken open. The trunk con
taired nothing that would throw any
light on the matter in any way.
T, E. Jones of Fresno, who was form
erly a Deputy Shsriff In Fresno Coun
ty, is certain that the skeleton found
recently in Pacheco pass is that of T.
F. Porter of Fresno. Porter left his
home, which was In Mr. Jones' house,
in November, 1397. He was known to
have been In San Benito County di
rectly afterward. He rode on the cars
to Los Banos. Then he mounted his
bicycle and started off 4ooking for a
gcod hunting ground. Since then hs
has never been seen alive by any of his
friends.
James Keenan. a saloon-keeper at
Fifth and Clementina streets, testified
to having seen Lervy and the defend
ant together in his saloon several times
during June and July, and Frank T.
Barns?, a grocer on Clementina street,
testified to having seen them often to
gether. The case will go on this morn
ingr.
After Martin died she told the de
fendant, and they went together to
Mrs. Sutton's home. From there they
w^nt to a grocery on Clementina street,
near Fifth, where the defendant met
Patrick Lervy, and the three went from
there to a Ealoc-n at Fifth and Clemen
tina strcetp, where they had a drink.
The defendant asked l^ervy to stay
up with her all that night. They left
the saloon and went to defendant's
house. Defendant f-ent Lervy on a
message and witness left. The day that
Martin was taken to the German Hos
pital she saw the defendant ta.ke some
thing from his bed and throw it un
derneath. In cross-examination she ad
mitted that at the request of the de
fendant she had got a* prescription filled
st the drug store at Fifth and Fo-lsom
streets.
.SEEN* WITH LERVV
Mrs. Sadie Bower.", sister-in-law of
the deceased, testified to having called
at the defendant's residence with her
husband on August 16 and subsequent
days till Martin's death on August 25,
and she detailed the condition of the
patient. She denied that either she or
her husband had given Martin any
medicine, which was always given by
the defendant except once, when, at
the request of the defendant, she gave
Martin some. Her husband stopped
with the patient all of Sunday night,
August 23. and she and her husband
were there all of the night of August
24. Her husband went with Martin in
the ambulance to the Oerman Hospital
on the morning of August 2*>, and she
wss there when Martin died.
Kytka was asked if he did not tes
tify et the Coroner's inquest that there
had been no attempt to disguise the
handwriting on the prescription, and
he replied that if the transcript said
•o it was wrong:.
Expert Kytka was the first to testify,
.And he swore positively that the sig
nature "McLaughlin, M. D.," was made
by the defendant. Elsenchimmel also
testified to' the same effect, but In cross
examination by Attorney Frank G.
Drury he said there had been no at
tempt to forze the name of Dr. Mc-
Laughlin. but only to disguise the
handwriting of the defendant.
XO EFFORT TO DISGUISE.
Several hours were taken up yester
day by the jury* at the trial of Mrs.
Martha E. Bowers, charged with the
murder of her husband. Martin L. Bow
ers, in examining exemplars of the
handwriting of the defendant made by
Experts Theodore Kytka and Carl Eis
•Eschimni<«! to prove that she wrote the
name "McLaughlin, M. D.," to the pre
scription calling for arsenic which it
is alleged the defendant's sister, Mrs.
Zylphia C. Sutton, presented and got
fllleS at the drug store on Fifth and
Folsom streets.*
scription, "Mclaughlin, M.
P.," Was Defendant's Work
Declare That Name Unon Pre-
S17PFLY MANY EXEMPLARS
EVIDENCE VERY STK0NG
»
Mystery of Years Is Cleared
Up, but Supposed Murder
Is Still Not Explained
Important Testimony Given by
the Handwriting; Experts at
Trial of Mrs. Martha Bowers
Former Deputy Sheriff of Fresno
. County Says Skeleton Found
in Pacheco Pass Is Porter's
The contemplated shake-up among
the non-civil service employes of the
Department of Works did not take
place' at yesterday's meeting of the
Board of Public Works. In blissful ig
norance that the merchants had tak-»n
legal steps to prevent it from making
changes, the board decided to postpone
action in view of the investigation of
the Health Board's wholesale removals,
Instituted by the Board of Supervisors.
The Board of Works did not even ap
point any new janitors, eighteen of
whom are slated for appointment from
the assembly districts on recommenda
tion of trie Union Labor Party County
Committee. The board adjourned un
til next "Wednesday, ao It is almost cer
tain that no changes will be made In
the interim.
BOARD RECEIVES ORDER.
Former City and County Attorney' Franklin
K. Lane has been engaged as associate counsel
to co-operate with the association's attorneys.
ftlcssra. Wright & Wright. In prosecuting these
suits.. . . • ,-.'¦¦
The president was also authorize d to bring
any other suits necessary to uphold civil ser
vice, and legal advice to this end is. now being
taVtn.
- At a special meeting of the board of di
rectors of the association held ' Tuesday niert
to consider among other things the recent "at
tack upen civil irrvlc* in this city It waa
unanimously decided that the Merchants* As
sociation would exert every effort to uphold
the civil service In the city zovernment. and
Immediate action was ordered. The president
of the association was requested to sue out an
Injunction arainst the Board of Public Works
to prevent it from discharging or removing any
civil service employes of the board without
bringing formal charges against them before
the Civil Service Commission and furnishing
them an opportunity to be heard in their de
fense In the manner prescribed by the civil
service provisions of the charter. - '
Suit was filed this morning against . the
Doard by Frank J. Symmes. the president of
the association, and en application of Judge
Sloss, to whom the case was assigned, he has
decided to cite the mrmbern of the board to
appear before him January 22. 19C4, at 2
o'clock to male? such showing aa they can why
they should not be permanently- enjoined from
violating the provisions of the charter en clvli
tervlcc.
Secretary King of the Merchants' As
sociation, said yesterday:
UPHOLDS CIVIL SERVICE.
Plalntl.T prays that this houoiab:c couri
make on order enjoining said defendants, and
*>ach and all cf them, from removing cr dis
charging- any cf the deputies, clerks or rm
ployes now employed by them In the class!fl-.l
civil uervice of eald city and county excrpt for
cause, and upon written charges, and after ik
opportunity is afforded them to be heard In
their own dsfense. In the manner arvi m.di? as
provided in said charter, and enjoining raid de
fendants, and each and all ol them, from pars
ing any resolutions abolishing any of the offices
and i«lac?8 helfl by such clerks, deputies or em
ployes with the purpose or Intent >f thereby
violating the provisions of salt) charier, and
from creating new offices or pIae->= and filling
fcuch new offices or places with appointees
without examination in vlolatljn cf the afore
said provisions of the charter.
ASKS FOK INJUNCTION*.
The plaintiff Is Informed and believes, end
therefore alleges, that In dclng the act afore
said, and In discharging such deputies, clerks
ant employes, eald defendants, after creating
new offices and -places upon tho abolition I of
the fid offices *ni places, will rill such offices
and ii;.cc3 with new and other appointees,
donit.fs. clerks and employes without examina
tion pi:d In violation of the provisfuns ef ««.!d
• hiii-ier, whereby naid defendant will >»ec.;re
nni foist upon the public service i-erson* who
ar< hin-mpetent to perform the duties that v.ill
be assigned to them and will be inattentive and
negligent In the performance of such duties,
from which great wast;- will result and great
extravagance will result and bo indulged, re
sulting In excessive financial loss to the city
and county, and Increasing the bunien of taxa
tion upon the taxpayers thereof, to the lndi
vidftal damage of the plaintiff and to hU great
irreparable damage and Injury.
' That In doing the acts and things aforesaid
and in removing and In discharging the depa
tirs, clerks and employes as aforesaid, abolish
ing the present offices and places and creating
new offices and places and filling such new of
fices and places with appointees in disregard
to the provisions of said charter, plaintiff is
informed and believes and therefore alle<ea
that great and serious damage will be dono to
the public weal, end the public at large and
the citizens, residents, electors, voters, property
owners and taxpayers of said city and county
will, suffer great and irreparable Injury and
damage.
INJURE THE CITY.
The .plaintiff is in'ormed and believes, and
therefore alleges that the defendants herein
are about to. threaten to. and will unless re
strained by this honorable court. In violation
of the provisions of the charter with reference
to the clvll~6ervtce. remove and discharge cer
tain deputies, clerks and employes now em
ployed by said Board cf Public Works who are
in the classified civil service of sutd city and
county, and who have been appointed under
said rules, without cause and without written
charge** having been preferred ajj.u.m tticti:.
and without any opportunity afforJotl them to
be heard In their own delense; That the names
of the deputies, clerks ami employes about to
be removed by said defendants afjrrnai.i are
unknown to this plaintiff. That plaintiff is in
formed and believes, and therefore alleges, that
said defendants are about to. threaten to, and
will unless restrained by this honorable court,
remove and discharge such deputies, clerks and
employes above referred to. without causo »ntl
without written charges preferred against them,
and with no opportunity given them to be
heard In their own defence. In- violation cf the
provisions of the charter aforesaid, under guise,
cloak an<i cover cf abolishing the respective of
fices and places now held by such deputies.
t-ierks and employes, and creating new and
different offices and places under new arul dif
ferent name* end designations, which said new
offices and places will have attached' to them
the performance of ttie same or similar duties
now attached to the present and existing offices
and places. • *
Following are extracts from the com
plaint filed by Symmes i
charges preferred against him in writ
ing and then only after an investiga
tion of the same.
The firm of Wright & Wright is the
association's legal. representative. For
mer. City Attorney Franklin K. Lane
is of counsel.
SYMMES' COMPLAINT.
Brandenstein wanted to know if
Ward had seen any typewritten reso
lutions relating to the removals before
the meeting of the Health Board. Ruef
advised Ward not to answer the ques
tion, b*»cause it was designed to put
the matter in a false light before the
public. Brandenstein wanted to know
if any suggestions had been received
from Mayor Schmitz and A. Ruef, and
the latter objected, as he was not a
public official on trial.
Brandenstein said he would show
that the Mayor was instrumental in the
framing of the resolution, and asked
Ward if he had received instructions
from any one, but Ruef told Ward not
DECLINES TO ANSWER.
Replying to a question of Ruef, Ward
said that it was the intention of the
board to obey the civil service law
and restore to their positions the men
who stood first on the eligible list, even
though they are less efficient than
those belc-w on the list.
"The Health Board !n removing four
inspectors," said Dr. "..'crd, president
of the board, who was on the stand all
afternoon, "was guided by the efficien
cy of the incumbents. There was one
food inspector, John Durham, who was
doing clerical work in the general of
fice and he was removed. The inverse
order o? the standing of the men on
the eligible list was followed in remov
ing them so far as I have any knowl
edge of the same, but if it has not been
I suppose it can be modified. We re
tained the men deemed most efficient
upon reports filed thereon." '
Ward declined to answer a question
of Brandenstein as to the party from
whom he had received information as
t / the efficiency of the inspectors,
claiming, on Ruef's advice, that }t was
a privileged communication from trust
ed officials.
Ruef claimed that the rule of the
Civil Service Commission provided that
employes shall be laid off .n the inverse
order of their appointment - ud not of
their standing on the eligible list.
Ward said that, although four food
inspectors had been removed, the posi
tions of two milk inspectors had been
created, which had not yet been filled.
It was intended to appoint the milk
inspectors from the food inspectors' list.
Ward said.
Judge S'.ack drew from Ward that
Durham was removed for inefficiency,
but the provision of the charter re
quiring written charges to be filed with
the Civil Service Cc-mmlssion against
an inefficient employe had been disre
garded.
Slack stated that Food Inspectors
Durham. Riordan. Mish and Mackey
were removed and Lydon, Murphy, Sil
veira and Clashy were retained, al
though Durham and Riordan were ap
pointed in 1901 and Silveira and Clashy
in 1903. Ward admitted that the se
niority cf service had been ignored in
making the removals, but said the four
removed were loss efficient, than the
four retained.
The Joint Supervisors' Committee on
Finance and Health met yesterday and
began the investigation ordered by the
Board of Supervisors Into the alleged
violation of the civil service law by
the new Board of Health appointed by
Mayor Echmitz In making wholesale
removals among employes in the va
rious departments under its control.
There were present at the investi
gation C. W. Slack* to;. _.nting the
ousted civil service employes; Franklin
K. Lane, attorney for the Merchants'
Association: the new members of the
Board of Health, who had put the
changes Into effect, besides a number
of civil service eligibles, who had lost
their positions.
Abe Ruef informed the committee
that he had been requested to repre
serft the Health Board Jr. the investi
gation instituted by the Supervisors.
"I desire to state," said Ruef, "that
we waive any 'claim as to the legality
of th.3 investigation. There is a grave
legal question involved as to the right
of this committee to review the acts of
the Health Board, but that body de
sires to aid in this investigation."
t Deputy Health Officer Levy then pro
duced the. records of the meeting of
January 9, at which the sweeping
changes among the employes were car
ried out. Levy read 'the resolutions
abolishing the positions of secretary
and others, also creating certain new
positions, raising and- reducing the sal
aries of various employes, and.declar
ing vacant a number of positions.
Chairman D'Ancona said that the
first point to be inquired into would be
the reason for reducing the number of
food inspectors from eight to four, and
whether the civil service rules had
been complied with in so doing.
GUIDED BY EFFICIENCY.
Legal proceedings calculated to pre
vent the Board of Public Works from
removing its employes and filling their
places with friends of the city ad
ministration were instituted yesterday
by Frank J. Symmcs, president of the
Merchants' Association. He filed an
action for an injunction restraining the
board from following in the footsteps
.of the Board of Health and discharg
ing the clerks and others' employed by
the board. When the suit was present
ed to Presiding Judge Kerrigan, he re
fused to issue the -Injunction prayed
for "and assigned the case to Judge
Sloss. The latter also refused to i^sue
the injunction, but issued an order
directing the board to appear before
him a week from to-morrow and show
cause why the prayer of the complain
ant should not be granted.
The complaint contains the allega
tion that the Board of Works intends
and will, unless prevented by the court,
violate the • charter provision govern
ing: civil service, thereby doing irre
parable injury to the city government.
It also recites that the board, unless re
strained, will, by its threatened action,
cause a needless waste of funds by re
rroving competent men and filling their
places with men who will prove'negli
gent and incompetent. Symmes al
leges further that the removal of the
men after the fashion set by the Board
of Health, that is, by abolishing the po
sitions and then creating them under a
new name, is a lawless proceeding,
in that it doe3 not give the men threat
ened with removal an opportunity to
defend themselves and enter a protest,,
It is lawless, also, says Symmes, be
cause the charter provides that no one
shall be removed without first having
ANOTHER BAKER IS SENT
TO THE CITY HOSPITAL
Replying to a question regarding a
conversation Dr. Ward had with ex-
Secretary Emery and ex-Assistant Sec
retary Cameron, In which it is alleged
the doctor said that they had suc
cumbed to the turn of the political
wheel. Ward denied that he meant that
politics was the cause of their removal.
Ward said that Louis Levy, who was
appointed deputy health officer, would
perform the duties formerly fulfilled
by Durham, Emery. Cameron, Clerk
Stanton and Statistician Coffey. Ward
said in answer to Judge Slack's ques
tion that either Ruef or the Mayor had
vouched for Levy, but he did not re
member which, and there was a gener
al laugh.
Brandenstein wanted to know if
Levy,, who filled five positions, was
designated as "Pooh;Bah," and Ruef
replied that his title was "economizer
of salaries."
Ward stated that the board had abol
ished six sanitary inspectorships on the
civil service list and had appointed four
inspecting physicians in their stead,
.who are not civil service eligibles.
Brandenstein informed Ward that one
of the latter — Dr. .Jackson—was a den
tist, and Ward said thct fac** would be
sufficient ground for his removal.
, Ward said that larger d-.ties were
designed for inspecting physicians, but
would not say that the sanitary in
spectors were inefficient, Ii ugh they
were not giving all their time to their
duties, which was deemed sufficient
ground for* their removal.. Ward could
not remember who had suggested the
names of Drs. Goodale, Jackson, Glover
and Walsh for appointment as inspect
ing physicians. '
Attorney Lane drew from Dr. Ward
that the Health Board, three of whom
were new appointees, ' id determined
the efficiency of the 'removed employes,
but that Ward and Dr. Stinson had
been on the board for. some time and
had pursued investigations on their
own account. Dr. Ward admitted that
he had not attended any of the. meet
ings of the board: between April 1, 1902,
and January 1, 1900, out of courtesy to
the Mayor, against wl om proceedings
had been issued by the board.
"I did not attend any of the commit
tee meetings," said Ward. "They were
only 'cinch' committees, anyhow."
The removal of twenty-two civil ser
vice men out of twenty-three employes
removed was done only in the light of
efficiency and retrenchment, Ward said.
J. D. Phelan asked Ward if he would
retreat from his position If it were
shown to him that the charter had
been violated in removing civil service
men to make places for friends, and
Ward said that his desire to comply
with the charter was paramount to
1 crsonal feelings.
The investigation will be resumed
this evening at 7:30 o'clock.
* — * +
to answer.
."I object to this line of questioning,"
said Ruef, "as this investigation is re
solving itself into a direct attack on
the Mayor and goes outside its prov
ince of ascertaining whether the civil
service law has been violated."
"This board is not here to be dictated
to nor insulted by air. Ruef," said
Brander.stein. "He is here by courtesy
of the committee and must confine him
self to parliamentary rules. We de
sire to keep the civil service system
intact and we have a right to know
if. the Mayor had anything to do with
the removals."
"I never dictated to anybody," said
Ruef, "and I am the last man to insult
anybody, even a Supervisor."
POLITICS NOT A FACTO?.
WHEEL NUMBER
GIVES PROOF
JURORS STUDY
THE SIGNATURE
Joint Committee of Supervisors Begins Investigation
. of Health Board Affairs— Ruef Advises Chief
Witness Not to Answer Questions.
Judge Sloss Directs the Commissioners of Board
of Public Works to Appear and Show Cause.
Why an Injunction Should Not Issue.
TIFE action of the ' new
Board of Health In dis
placing from positions
several employes, who
were appointed from the civil
service list and against whom no
charges of inefficiency were pre
sented in the manner prescribed
by the charter, is the subject of
investigation by the joint
committee of Finance and
Health of the Board of Super
visors. The inquiry, which began
at a session of the joint commit
tee yesterday, promises to take
a wide range. Pointed ques
tions were asked conccrnlnj; the
attitude of Mayor Schmltz and
Abe Rucf . The latter was pres
ent by courtesy of the investi
gating committee and advised
Dr. .Ward, a leading witness, not
to reply to certain questions put
"by Supervisor Brandenstein. The
ousted employes were represent
ed at the session of the joint
committee by Charles W. Slack.
The ilerchants' Association was
represented by Franklin K.
Lane. It is yet an open ques
tion whether the Mayor will
recognize the right of a commit
tee of Supervisors to inquire
into the causes which Impelled
him to assent to the dismissal
of Health Department attaches.
There was a meeting of the
Merchants' Association last
Tuesday evening. The opinion
was expressed that, the recently
reorganized Board of Public
Works intended to remove many
civil, service men. In view of
the danger the association di
rected its president, Frank J.
Symmcs, to appeal to the courts
for an order enjoining the board
against such removals. The pe
tition for -the injunction was
heard yesterday by Judge Sloss.
He declined " to issue the re
straining order, but directed the
Commissioners • of the Board of
Public \Vorks to appear in his
court on Thursday, January 21.
to show cause why the prayer
of. the Merchants' . Association
should: not.be granted. In this
proceeding the Mayor no doubt
will- be ably' represented by
counsel. It Is probable that a
vigorous remonstrance against
government by, injunction will
be submitted to the court. In the
recent political campaign the
charges were freely made that
the Board of Works was top
heavy with high-salaried at
tache?, who rendered the city
very • little service of practical
value. In a sense the Inefficiency
of the board was a municipal
campaign Issue and all the can
didates for the office of Mayor
promised ' to give the subject
special attention.
MERCHANTS ASSOCIATION PRAYS TO COURT FOR AN ORDER
ENJOINING DISMISSAL OF ATTACHES ON CIVIL SERVICE LIST
THE SAN FRANCISCO' CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 11, 19U4.
Bruder Tried and Convicted.
H. J. Brtider was tried before a jury
in Judge Lawlor's court yesterday on
a charge of assault to murder and was
convicted of assault with a deadly
weapon. He will be sentenced on
Saturday. Bruder, who was a dish
washer in Peterson's restaurant on
Pine street, quarreled with- George
Demehy in the Optimo saloon on ,the
morning of October 26. Demeriy
knocked ' Bruder down * and Bruder
shot him twice. . ¦ ¦
Asks ! Damages for Ward's Injuries.
Laurence r : O'Connell, ", guardian of
John O'Connell, sued' the United'Rail
roads yesterday for. $30,000 damages
for'injurles received by his ward » last
August while he was operating a con
struction* car. * The guardian ¦ bases his
iiilfftn- the ground' that the company
was? criminally negligent ; in -putting
young O'Connell , in charge of the car
when hl«^ duties'' were '. supposed to be
onlythose'of "a messenger. '
The Consumers' League will meet
on Friday at 2: SO p. m. in the parlor
of the Golden Gate Hall on Suttrr
street. Miss Lucille Eaves and
Mrs. John Swift will address ths
meeting. * A full attendance is *de
sired, as many topics of vital Interest
will come ui> for discussion.
Consumers' Lcacnc.
The United States Civil Service Com
mission announces that an examina
tion for cartographic draftsman will
be held at San Francisco, February^ 4
and 25, to fill five vacancies in the po
sition of clerk, at from $900 tb $1200
per annum, in the rural free delivery,
service. In view of the difficulty whieh
the commission has experienced in se
curing eligibles for this position, the
commission hopes that all persons who
are qualified will. apply for and enter
this examination. Age limit. 20 years
or "over.. Apply either to the United
States Civil Service Commission, Wash
ington, D. C or to the secretary of the
Consolidated . Board at Civil Service
Examiners, 301 Jackson street, San
Francisco, for application form 1312,
which should .be filed with the com
mission at Washington. :
Mnp Drawers Wanted.
7
7>'j\ ADVERTISEMENTS.^
gga pigeon-hole boxes. 4gg|
fink ATHED 4-foot Flat Top Desk SI3.50 J§g|j
I JEl Uifl EK 4-foot Roll Top Desk '. ." . . . $16.50 /p|
fSSt 1737 6-foot Standing Desk $15.00 \g|§
IB* DESKS Drop Cabinet Typewriter Desk.. SI8.00 *«|
ISa Revolving Desk-Chair $3.75 Mm
ilGe o.H Juller Desk Co M
111 646-50 MissionSt. lf|
Pill «A.Sr FRANCISCO. H||
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Trading Stamps
and Cut Rates
...at the...
No-PercentageDrug Co.
949 951 MARKET STREET. '
The Largest Cut-Rate Drug Store on the Coast.Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Mala iou. •
Townsend's California *lace fruits "and
candies,. 50c a pound, in artistic flre
etched boxes. -A nice present for Eastern
friends. 71» Market st.. above Call bldg •
William Jennings - Bryan-says that the 1 dignity, pres
tige and prospects of the United States demand that we
erect, maintain and own . in the various capitals of
the world legation , buildings commensurate with pur
standing in the family of nations.- It might be wise, too,
in connection with this excellent suggestion, to provide
ways and means to secure representatives who are
neither: ou% } of place in such buildings nor out of pro
portion to such prospective dignity.
THE. favor with which the candidacy, of Olney has
been received by the conservative wing * of the
Democratic "party, and the animosity with which it
has been assailed by the socialistic wing, go far to con
firm the expectation that he will receive the nomination
of his party,'" and' lead the Democratic campaign! this -fall.
The Bryanites and their successors will of course do what
they can to defeat him, but at present they have little
power beyond that of making la great noise, for they
have been utterly discredited where'ver they have put up
a ticket in a State election for the last four years, and
That vampire of the ocean, the oc
topus, appears from time to time in
reaMife narratives .as fascinating as
fiction. Such is the story told in the
Royal Magazine by Captain S. F.' Scott
of British Columbia, He was yachting
off Victoria with a party of friends,
and while' alone one evening in ¦ a row
boat a 'mile from the yacht got into. a
school, of blackflsh, one of which struck
the little boat withsuch force that Its
occupant was sent - flying Into the
water. Cfaptain Scott continues:
It '"• seemed a . joke ' to ' be upset like
Fighting an Octopus.
A TARIFF CAMPAIGN.
One of the first things for the busi
ness-like housekeeper to do is to take
an inventory of the household proper
ties and their condition with fate. It
is considerable work to do this at firet,
but very little to keep ItTup to date
once it is made. The dr.te of buying
and of retirement from usefulness' are
desirable, since from these onpVJc rs
how long service was received and
•whether napkins and other lL:eus have
been as profitable as some other weave,
would be. The inventory may read
somewhat after this style: December
1, 1903, twelve dinner napkins,. damaskY
embroidered, new. Under that, twelve
medium napkins, Belfast, plain, partly
Viorn, and so on through the list. An-
The question is asked by Science Sift
ings, which says that on a superficial
examination much could, no doubt, be
adduced In support of the contention
that thinkers, as; a rule, live long; or,
to put the ;_ proposition :.in to more gen
eral terms/ exercise of the .mind .tends
to longevity. Herbert Spencer has died
in . his 'eighty-ifourth ': year, -Darwin
reached : his sWe'nty-thJrd, Sir George
Stokes his eighty-fourth, Carlyle his
eighty-sixth, Tyndall was accidentally
poisoned at seventy-three, but might
have Jived several years longer, Huxley
was seventy when he died, Gladstone in
his ; eighty-ninth - year, Disraeli in his
seventy-seventh, Newton lived to be
eighty- five, and Lord Kelvin Is ; still
vigorous In research in his eightieth. -'.
Brain Pozver and Life.
The Supervisors have- instituted proceedings which
are designed to. reform conditions in reference to local
theaters and to insure to, the public absolute protection
against fire or the dread disaster of. panic. In this
vitally important matter the public should be an eager,
enthusiastic, active co-operator. It should withdraw its
patronage from any' theater that seems even to be un
safe. .No amusement that may be conceived can com
pensate for a repetition of the Chicago horror.
The war spirit is pulsating once more through the
Balkans and Macedonian" mischief-makers' are 'seeking
the assistance of foreigners to aid them in gaining their
independence of "Turkey. The Macedonians come with
unclean hands to ask assistance of the world. However
evil their dependence may be, they have shown in their
diversified outlawry that they can exercise no responsi
bility that would not be fearful to strangers among
them. ; '•'-.:., ,
In view of the probability of war be
tween Japan and Russia, it will doubt
less interest a number of people In this
country to know that Vice Admiral
Count Toko, the commander of the
Japenese fleet, as well as the captains
of three of the principal battleships of
the Mikado's navy, are converts to
Christianity. Native Christians are. in
deed,, beginning to occupy many high
and honorable positions in the state.
Quite' a long row of members of, the
lc-rer and of the upper houses of Par
liament are Christians, and a number
of the latter occupy seats on the Judi
cial bench. Moreover, three of the big
gest daily newspapers of Toklo, the
capital of Japan, are "in the hands of
Chxlstians, and under the circum
stances it cannot be denied that Chris
tianity, with all that the latter in
volves in the way of civilization and
enlightenment, is making its way quiet
ly but surely In Japan.
Christian Japanese.
He was walking along Kearny street
on New Tear's day and passed a man
near the corner of Sacramento street.
It struck him that the man was an
ex-convict and he turned back, touch
ed the man on the shoulder and said:
"Where have you been for all these
years?" The man looked at him and
said nochalantly: "I guess you've
made a mistake; I don't know you."
"Oh yes you do," replied Bain
bridge. "You. have done time* under
the names of Fobertson and Langley.
The last time I. saw you was in 1875,
when you were sent to San Quentin."
The man tried to carry out his
bluff, but finally admitted His identity.
After serving his sentence which Bain
bridge referred, to he, had committed
a felony in Nevada and had been sen
tenced to serve fourteen years. He
told Bainbridge he was trying to lead
an honest life, but the old sleuth
shook his head arjd remarked as, he
left him that he would soon see him
in custody criin if he remained in the
city.
The remarkable gift possessed by
Detective Sergeant Balnbridge, head
of the Identification bureau of the Po
lice Department, of remembering
faces, no matter what period of time
has elapsed, Is a source of wonder to
those who have occasion to see it il
lustrated." Notwithstanding the thou
sands of criminals who have come un
der his observation he rarely if ever
is at fault.
Keen Memory.
"There are many other similar beau
ties in this poem, the whole of which
can be obtained for 1 penny at 199
London road, Dover. 'Proceeds de
voted to supplying hospitals and ot
phunngres with books.'
"We have tried by every cipher we
know to iearn the name of the author,
but without succes. Has the Poet
Laureate sent out his poem yet?"
"The mispronunciation of the lady's
name is a mere trifle! Again:
A minute scarcely did elapse
Before tbe ceilins down did crash.
Miss Knollys by the smoke awakened.
To the Queen's bed-chamber hastened.
A London paper takes the following
sharp rap at Austin, the Poet Laureate
of England. Says the satirist:
"A gentleman, who modestly de
scribes himself as Mr. , has
wVitten some remarkable verses on
'Her Majesty the Queen's Bedroom at
Sandringham in Flames.*' We are
struck by some of the most felicitous
rhymes that we remember to have
seen. The third verse begins: : fy
Poor Austin.
BY the British Consul General in this city, notice
has been sent to The Catf'of a warding from Cape
Colony against the. migration to South Africa of
any persons v/ho are not- amply provided with means for
maintaining themselves when they arrive. The warning
comes as a confirmation of the reports of. the labor trou
bles of the country, and should be carefully heeded by
all who have had any thought of leaving their present
homes in the vague hope of profiting by great opportu
nities that are expected to arise in the development of
South Africa in the immediate future.
In his notice the Consul General says: "The govern
ment of Cape Colony desire, owing to the present con
dition of trade in the colony and throughout South
Africa, that immediate steps should be taken to discour
age the going to South Africa of persons without ample
means, or prospects of immediate employment. Num
bers of skilled artisans and others have been thrown out
of work, and fresh arrivals accentuate the difficulties of
the labor market."
It appears the boom in the way of South African devel
opment that. was expected to follow British exploitation
of the country has not corned The country is .rich in
many ways, but it will be -a long time before it will be a
"white man's country" so far as workingmen are con
cerned. It is an act of genuine humanity on the part of
the Cape government to give this warning in time to
prevent ma/iy adventurpus . workers from making a
blunder that would cost them dear, and the notice de
serves general circulation by the press of the Pacific
Coast, for we have here a large number of men of the
pioneer type who, from an instinctive longing for f the ex
ploiting of new lands, might, go to South Africa and
there in a short time find themselves friendless and'
penniless in a land where there is no chance, for employ
ment at .Jiving wages, and where even at the best the
white man can hardly compete with native labor.
A WORD OF WARNING.
German newspapers, of anti-American- tendency, are
deriding their Government and abusing us because we
have not accepted with what they deem becoming alac
rity the statue of Frederick the Great given to the United
States by Emperor William. It is in such incidents
as this that^our experience with yellow journalism
teaches us to be patient with our misguided friends. We
know that the yellow pest has invaded their, dominion
as well as ours and we understand.
In the Delineator for February
Percy Mitchell writes Interestingly of
the home )Ife of Calve, who Is per
haps the most interesting personal
ity among the favorites of grand
opera. The Calve of Paris and the
other great cities where the singer
is heard Is a different being from
the Calve of Cabrieres, her home In
Southern France.- There, Mr. Mitchell
tells — and the illustrations confirm his
words — the great prima donna, lives
the life for which nature intended her,
a free life In the open air. She rises
at dawn and goes to bed at sunset.
She walks for miles over the country,
fishes, shoots, lends a hand in the har
vest, takes an interest in gardening.
rides and even automobiles. But there
is another and more serious side to her
summer sojourning at Cabrieres. She
maintains there a sanatorium, or home
for young girls in ill-health, and (s a
great power for good throughout the
region. Needless to say, the name of
Calve is revered there even more than
in the outer world.
Calve at Home.
- For the sum of $3 he had in cold
blood waylaid a man on Clay street
in the dark of the night, bent his
victim's head over his knee and cut
his throat from ear to ear. Then he
had thrown the knife away and sat
him down to a hearty supper in a
Broadway sailors* retrial when the
sudden arm of the law reached out
and seized him.
. While this stoical murderer was
confined in the county jail, pending
the hearing of an appeal to hi3 con
viction it happened one day that his
cell companion killed a large rat
which had made her way out of a
hole in the flooring. Portalla whittled
away the edges of the hole with the
edge of an old can and there, snug
gled In a pile of chewed newspapers
he discovered four tiny, motherless
mites. Then began the remarkable
affection of this brutal murderer for
these squeaking: bits of animals.
Day by day Portalla nourished them
with scraps saved from his own food.
At night he would keep them warm
by stowing them away next his own
body. As they grew older the rats
came to make this friend their only
playmate; hours at a time they would
spend running in and out of the folds
of the man's clothing, he looking on
meanwhile with a face which was
almost gentle.
At last it came time for him to go
where the prison doors would close
upon him forever. The rats went with
him in a little hand satchel, but at the
door of the prison they, like all the
rest of his worldly possessions, were
taken from him and consjgned to the
tender mercies of Warden Aull's ter
rier. / •
Murderer Portalla, who is. now
serving, a life sentence in Folsoni
prison, found It one of, his greatest
griefs that hi could not take his rats
to the penitentiary with him.
A Murderer's Heart.
So far as can be inferred from what
Is known of humankind in former
ages, and of primitive peoples to-day,
there were no business methods either
to men's or women's work in the begin
ning nor for many centuries afterward.
The division of labor seemed to be that
man should bring in the raw material
when necessity called, and woman
should adapt it as beef" she could to
the service of the family. For many
generations mankind simply lived from
day to day. but as experience and need
taught man he gradually grew to think
cf a possible to-morrow and to make
to-day serve by its abundance the to
morrow wherein he should be unable to
be a producer. From this appreciation
of the demands of the future and from
a desire to meet them fittingly has
come the evolution of the modern busi
ness man. keen to make every dollar
count and every step te'.l.
Has woman made like evolution in
her half of the partnership? Has she
bf-en alert to adopt new methods to
simplify her work or to produce the
finished result with less cost? Though
there are more exceptions to the rule
at the present time than ever before,
it still remains the law of custom, as
at the beginning for the man to pro
vide the material or its eauivalent and
for woman to use it as best she mav
for the welfare of the family— and so
it must remain. Does woman know how
to use what she has to the best ad
vantage?
Running a house, even of the hum
blest kind, admits of as much business
sense and as much system as is de
manded for the increase r of the mer
chant's trade. That homes are kept
without the use of such mental power
does not change the proposition. There
are- curbstone merchants * • who* carry
their stock in trade-in a 4ray : about
their necks as well as there are mer
chant princes, and more of them.
The carrying on of a house with the
many divisions of labor arising from
It may veil, be likened %o the carrying
on of a large store, and woman may
study the methods jn the one and find
herself benefited thereby in the other".
She has a certain -income. -i on, which
she can depend and which she wants
to stretch to its full capacity. It makes
no difference in this, so far as the fact
goes, whether she has a fixed allowance
of so much a week or whether she buys
as she needs. A certain definite amount
will fce necessary to provide the fuel,
lights, clothing and food during the
year, likewise a certain amount must
be provided for repairs, breakages, new
supplies in furniture, and for labor.
How many women know what propor
tion of the sum allowed them by the
men of the family goes to these various
calls? Yet every business man has like
expenses figured to a fine point, and
so he knows whether he is conducting
his store or factory on the best basis or
not He knows what it costs him to
produce an article, and whether he can
more profitably buy its parts already
made or manufacture them himself
How is It with women? Can they tell
whether It is cheaper to buy bread
ready baked or to make It themselves,
though this is an article manufactured
by women from time immemorial and
used in all households. How many
women know how many loaves of bread
should be made from a barrel of flour?
Probably not one in a hundred, and so
she does not know from what brand
she gets the most for her money.
How many women know what is the
cheapest fuel to be used In the home
for cooking: and heating? Upon the.cost
of fuel often depends the cnawer to the
question whether to r.-.ake for one's self
or to buy ready mad-. It snay be a
real economy for the woman living in a
flat cad using gas or electricity for her
kitchen range to buy her bread and all.
foods requiring long cooking, while it
would be an extravr ranee for her sister
to do the same, since Ler range burns
coalman day for heating the room quite
as much as for cooking.
These may seem small things to a
woman, but It is on the attention given
to trifles that prosperity . rests in the
home, and there Is much more waste
in many a kitchen than would be toler
ated Ly the head cf a large concern. In
business men eagerly avail themselves
of the saving of half -cents, but in the
home apparently u nth rift iness too
often is regarded as a virtue akin to
g:nerosny, or the house -if e has too
little !..terest In her business to find
sraall leaks and stop them. She forgets
that a r hip may sink because of a very
small leak. She does not t'dlgnif y her
< Jce" so that she has pride in her
share of * he enterprise. Even if this is
not always true she proceed- by hap
'. .zard, because that is the way her
mother before her did, and she has
never tried to find any better methods.
fCopyrirht, 190*. b>' Joseph B. Bowles.)
BT DORA MAT MORRELL.
Household Economy.
The agony must have lasted for only
a few minutes in reality, l>ut It seemed
an eternity before I felt the clutch on
my legs loosen. I kicked with all my
strength, struggled, twirled, and then
felt myself free. I think my zolld boots
must have injured the arms of the oc
topus and compelled him to let so.
It was not until an hour and a half
later that my friends noticed that my
boat was motionless on the water and
came out to see what was the matter.
They found me more dead than alive.
The skin was nearly all gone from my
feet to my knees, and above that It re
mained for weeks as black as a man's
hat. For two months afterward I lived
only on milk.
Altogether I was laid up for seven
months as the result of my encounter.—
Youths' Companion.
I felt his grasp tighten. The pain was
excruciating. With every movement
that I made my flesh was lacerated. I
began to grow weak from loss of blood.
But I never relaxed my hold on the
boat.
that, and I laughed. But this was to
be my last laugh for a Ion. time, for
Just as I had swum tack to the boat
and laid my hands on. the upturned
keel I felt myself seized around the legs
half-way below the knees— seized with
such strength and suddenness and
pulled down with such tremendous
force that the boat was Jerked clean
over, and came dow-n on the top of my
head. , -
Like lightning came the truth. I was
in the arms of a devil-fish.
I knew that the water swarmed with
the decdly octopus. I knew- that one
had got me. There was no mistaking
the crasp. Every one ' the devil-fish's
eight powerful arms closes upon his
prey, and he pulls dow- down, until he
drags it to the bottom.
With a desperate kick I freed myself
from "the creature below me. Seizing
the boat, I had my arm under one of
the thwarts when the Cevll-flsh caught
me again.
The extent of these deposits over the
United States is" very surprising. While
they appear at the surface at compara- .
tively few places, they are penetrated
by deep drill, holes almost everywhere
in 'the Mississippi basin, and in the
Hudson River and Mohawk valleys.
From what we have already said of
the origin of chalk, and of the penin
sula of Florida," it is easy to see that
this extensive limestone stratum over
the Mississippi Valley implies in early
geological ages an equally extensive ex
panse of ocean, which was slowly fill
ing up with the "sediment in .some
places, but with sea shells in others.
This limestone is also sought for very
widely for the flux in smelting iron, its
freedom from impurities giving it spe
cial value.:.'.- .
Among the most interesting limestone
strata of the earlier ages are the cor
niferous and the Trenton limestone,
which appear in special development in
the islands of the western part of
Lake Erie, and in an area about Cin
cinnati, though the name was derived
from Trenton, N. Y., where the rocks
were first carefully studied. The cor
niferous and Trenton limestones are
favorites everywhere for burning lime,
while the solid blocks make the most
substantial building material. The
great locks at the Soo were built ,of
corniferous limestone from Kelley Is
land in Lake Erie, like Solomdn's tem
ple, every stone being fashioned at the
quarry and carried directly to its place
in the great structure, many hundred
miles away.
The chalk formations lie in about the
middle of the geological horizon. and
are several million years old.
Coming down to our own time, we
find the process of limestone formation
still going -on with - great rapidity in
certain localities. The peninsula of
Florida illustrates this. in. the most
striking measure. Sea shells are so
abundant all aloiig the east coast of
-Florida Ufa}, they are washed upon : the
shore in windrows, forming indeed the
entire shore line. .-here, as one pro
ceeds to the interior of the State he
finds successive windrows of shells that
have formerly formed the shore line,
showing how the land has grown by
these slow increments. These shells as
they are rolled by the water are broken
up and much of them ground into fine
p'owder, when they, all together, be-
Qome cemented into. a loose rock. The
buildings of that region— especially the
old fort at St. Augustine— are con
structed of this rock, known as co
quina.
In striking contrast with the older
limestone rocks, this on the coast of
Florida is but slightly cemented, and
forms a mass that would not endure the
pressure which rests upon the founda
tions of very tall buildings. But on
going to the other end of the geological
scale, we find in the older formations
limestones originally formed in Uho
same way with those In Florida, but
now compacted into most solid blocks,
having been, as the geologists say,
"metamorphosed" through long subjec
tion to heat and pressure. Still In many
of these very old limestone rock forms
of the shells of which they are com
posed are perfectly preserved, and the
age of the rock is determined by the
character of these shells, the earlier
rocks having been produced by the
more primitive forms of life.
Another interesting locality where
chalk is found is over the hills of Pal
estine—Mount Olivet and many of the
summits of mountains farther south in
Palestine, and the hill on which Naz
areth is built, being of that age and
consisting, in considerable part, of pure
chalk.
Rocks of corresponding: age In other
portions of the world are known as cre
taceous, the word being derived from
the Latin word creta, signifying chalk.
These formations occupy^_a wide belt
in the States west of the~liiissouri Riv
er, extending from Texas j into British
America, but there is not very much
true chalk such as we are familiar with
in the schoolroom in this area. The
rocks, however, are made up of a spe
cies of shells, which are very beautiful
and preserve still their iridescent color.
: One o£ Professor Huxley's most In
teresting lectures was entitled "On a
Piece of Chalk." Chalk is a species
of limestone made up mostly of the
shells of minute organisms, which ap
pear to good advantage only under the
microscope. The northern portion of
France and the southern shores of Eng
land are wholly made up -of chalk cliffs,
which present a very striking appear
ance7~the old name for England, Al
bion", being derived from a word signi
fying this white appearance. It is found
that In the deep sea dredgings these
minute organisms which constitute the
chalk formation are still accumulating,
though at a very slo-w rate. Chalk is
therefore supposed to be a deep sea
•formation. " I " ¦
"Man and the Glacial Period," etc.-
Copyright, 1001. by Joseph B. Bowles.
BY G. FREDERICK WRIGHT, A. M., LL. D.
Author of "The Ice Age In North America,"
The Story of* Limestone.
Are they who have not the table of plenty the victims
of the incidents of mortality, of weakness and accident?
If so. they are the defective children of the family of
man, and as such in the present social order they are the
heirs of our affection and the free sharers of our plenty.
If is one of the fine elements of" humanity that a defec
tive member of a family enjoys the richest parental and
fraternal love and care. The strong brother and sister
count it no sacrifice to watch and care for the pitiful
weakling.
Society in the same sense is the father and mother, the
sister and brother of the mental or physical weakling
and of the victim of misfortune. What is done for them
is .not charity at all. It is a duty enforced by all that en
nobles those who take it upon them.. No reorganiza
tion of industry and .society can increase or diminish
the affluence of this sweet fountain) of humanity. If
judgment cannot be given to all in the use of equal op
portunity, and if pity's fountain will get no access of
flow and force by reorganizing industry and society, why
should they be reorganized? . .- •
The preacher declared that the form of selfishness we
are considering is against the command of the founder
of Christianity. This we doubt. If every industrious
man adopt the policy of dividing with his neighbor every
night the gains of his day's labor, will he have any indus
trious neighbors? But if he, by his gains, increase the
comforts of his own house and the plenty of his own
table and the warmth of his own hearth, will he not be
teaching his neighbors that they can get these things
which he has by earning them as he does? Now, who
is doing the most good in the world, the man who de
prives himself and makes others thriftless, by dividing
with them, or the man who uses his own for himself
and teaches thrift by example? --
We do not cast out the obligation to care for those
who are disinherited of fortune, who with equality of
opportunity have been incapable of equality of achieve
ment. But before we make their presence in the problem
the reason for destroying our industrial and social
structure, let us inquire into the cause of their condition.
Have they gained by industry and lost by deceit of oth
ers? Their judgment was bad; It misled them into spec
ulative ventures, relying on promises of the crafty, to
increase their possessions. No reorganization of society
can artificially create soundness of judgment, or elimi
nate the speculative instinct, or destroy the craft of the
tempter.
The advancement and civilization of man have been
led by the individuals whe had the greatest individual
power over^the resources of nature, and used it to their
own advantage. -This excited the emulation of their fel
lows to go and do likewise; but socialism would have de
manded that the leader divide the avails of his enterprise
equally with those who had not put forth exertion to
imitate him, and progress and civilization would have
been arrested right~there, and would have ceased.
ONE Oakland clergyman recently preached upon
the effect of excessive organization, in labor and
finance, and made an able plea for the fostering
of individual qualities of self-respect, self-confidence and
independence, and for enforcement of the laws which
protect personal rights. Now another . Oakland clergy
man has ably defended organization and combination,
and has expressed the hope that it will extend to the re
ligious world and induce many of the separated sects to
kiss and make up and march on in step. He stated part
of th'e programme of socialism by saying: "There must
come an insistence upon social justice and a reorgan
ization of the industrial structure until every active and
right meaning life shall have its olace at the, table of
plenty. Selfishness, as a social policy, is doomed."
This is the pessimistic view of present conditions pre
sented by the socialist propaganda, and uttered M>y
Laurence Gronlund and Morrison I. Swift. It is an im
peachment of the existing industrial and social scheme,
as inimical to the welfare of man. It omits the personal
equation entirely. It is the antithesis of Dr. Jordan's
declaration that government, civil institutions and soci
ety can only guarantee equality of Opportunity, while
no conceivable system can guarantee equality of achieve
ment. The active and well meaning life is not sufficient.
Added thereto must be the quality of good judgment,
without which the avails of well meaning activity are
not made permanently useful. •'
Hoping not to be misunderstood, we affirm that at
that point what is usually called selfishness be
comes the conservator of the gains and benefits of well
meant activity. That kind of selfishness is entrenched
in the scriptural saying that' "he who provideth not for
his own house is worse than the heathen." The table of
plenty which is the vision of socialism carries with it de
pendence upon collective and not individual provision.
Jt has been worked into the socialistic schemes of the
Australian colonies and New Zealand, and there is being
revealed as an influence in the decay of individual qual
ities of thrift and foresight.
Any artificial plan which substitutes collective depend
ence for individual independence takes out of man his
capacity for entire self-support. The law is universal
and applies to man and bird and beast. The bird of
boldest wing, that has sought its subsistence by 4 its
power of wing and beak and claw, if fed and pampered
without its own exertion finally loses its initiative and
becomes a helpless thing. The swift trout of the moun
tain stream that leaps, like a dagger of silver, into the
air. for the insect prey which is its food, if kept in a
pond and fed on raw liver becomes a sluggish and de
pendent creature.
SOCIALISM IN THE PULPIT.
The reporter remembered the card.
He had picked It up from a table in
the. v/aiting-room of the student's of
fice to be sure that he would have the
name correctly. During the interview
the reporter did nervously twist the
pasteboard. To this day he has the
little bit of cardboard, the memento of
a stern chase that ended in a victory.
"You were toying with one of my
professional cards," explained the
young man, "and I thought that It had
been given to you by Detective Bohen.
1 thought, too, that he must have sent
you to me after all and that it would
be all right."
Ten years ago the Addie Gilmore
murder case, with its mystery of the
woman's decapitated head found at
lime Point and the recovery of the re
maining portions of the body In Oak
land Creek, gave the police detectives
and the metropolitan newspaper men
weeks of incessant labor. To the re
porters the searching . for the many
ends to the story was work that called
for severest taxing of mental ability
and physical exertion.
At one stage of the hunt a, certain
young medical student was the object
of pursuit. His testimony was the all
important missing* link, for it "carried
the murdered woman straight to the
house out' of which she never ap
peared alive^ The detectives had been
particularly anxious to hold this evi
dence from the public.
One forenoon the student's name
and his relation to the mystery leaked
out at police headquarters. In an
instant half a dozen newspaper men
were out in hot chase. One of them
found the young man at his office.
Then commenced a siege, The Inter
viewed student refused point blank.
The interviewer pleaded, cajoled, coax
ed, begged and threatened. For an
hour the men's wits measured forces
and at- last the student succumbed,
cast aside police injunction, and told
his story. It was the great chapter
in the mystery from a newspaper point
of view. The story was golden to the
successful reporter.
After it was all over the reporter
one day asked th'e student why he sur
rendered the story.
The Lucky Card.
other date line 6hould be left at the
right for time of usefulness ended. Be
sides the advantage of knowing how
long one's goods'" have lasted there is
also the satisfaction of knowing at any
time what one has and 'in what condi
tion, and in cases of loss by fire such
inventory has proved the best basis for
adjusting claims. Such inventories
often have to be made when estates are
settled. No one who has ever had such
a record of her possessions Will care
again to be without it. One's memory
is most unreliable when one depends
upon it for information of the kind con
tained in an inventory.
the recent overwhelming defeat o1 Tom Johnson in Ohio
leaves them without a successful leader of any reputa
tion whatever.
The leadership of Olney means of course a tariff cam
paign. We shall have to fight over again the obstinate
free-traders who persistently desire to "smash tariffs,"
no matter how beneficial may be their effects upon the
country, of what degree of prosperity is enjoyed by all
classes of workingmen under their operation. It will be
sqmewhat curious' to have a fight for free trade in this
•country again at a time when in Great Britain itself, the
home of Cobdenism, the common sense of the people is
awakening to an understanding of the folly of the
dogma, and a fight is even now going on for the estab
lishment of a protective system.
In the course of the tariff fight in Great Britain many
things are being said that are. of value to us, and it will
be well to h«*d them now before the excitements of the
approaching campaign distort the public mind into a
condition of such partisanship that comparatively few
voters will be able to impartially weigh. the arguments
of thci opposing parties/ The free-traders in Great
Britain; call themselves "Free Fooders," and assert that
1 the workingmen of the kingdom would be worse off un
der protection than under the present system. They also
assert that many millions of the British people are now
so near the verge of starvation that the lightest tax that
could be placed on imported foodstuffs would be felt by
them as the most distressful of burdens;
Such statements of course carry, their own answer
I with them, for it is self-evident that if free trade has
brought so large a percentage of the British people to
the verge of starvation it is high time to make a change.
: However, the protectionists have not relied wholly upon
that obvious truth to refute the argument of the opposi
tion. They have sought information from Charles
: Booth, who certainly knows as much about the condition
of workers 'of the great cities of England as any man
living, and they have found in him a staunch advocate of
protection, on the ground that even if.it should some
what increase the cost of food, it would nevertheless
help the* masses by providing them with better wages
with which to buy food. ' .
. In his address at Leeds Chamberlain quoted Booth as
saying: "You ask for rhy answer to the question — will
the fiscal proposals you -have laid before the country add
to the cost of living of the. poorest of the population?
My reply is that I do not think they would do so at all/
But if to some extent they should have that result, it
would not affect my opinion of the merits of your pro
posals, since the well being of the poorer classes, not
less than that of the more regularly employed. and well
to-do, depends much more on the general conditions of
prosperity and the fluctuations of employment than on
changes in the level* of prices; and your proposals, if
carried out with reasonable prudence, seem to me likely
to add to national and imperial prosperity."
It is along such lines the movement toward protection
is advancing in Great Britain, while the unteachable
tariff smashers in the Democratic councils are preparing
a retrograde movement toward free trade in this coun
try. The situation is interesting and merits the careful
study of the American people, for it is likely to develop
the dominant issue of the coming Presidential cam
paign.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 14, 1904.
THE SAN FRAN Cl SCO GALI,
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor ? ... ... . ... Address All Communications to JOHN HcNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Oflice <^^^^^> '"' •* -Third and Market Streets, S. F.
THURSDAY ..../. . . . . . . JANUARY 14, 1904
8
INSTRUCTIVE STUDIES
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMEN
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMESChange of Steamer's Name.
' '¦: The United States Commissioner of
Navigation -;has ' authorized the change
in the- name ; of: the I steamer
Star to that of the German.: The ves
sel ; is owned by • H. Liebes & Co. and is
engaged in the whaling business.
Interlocutory . decrees of divorce
were granted yesterday to Elizabeth
M.; Ashley from" Herbert M. Ashley
for desertion, \ Mary E. Heldewald
from William P. ; Heidewald for ; cru
elty arid Annie Wiley from Walter B.
Wiley for neglect.
Suits for "divorce were filed* by Jo
seph L. Hildebrand against Agnes Hil
debrand for cruelty, John -, Ferreti
against Agnes Ferretti for ' infidelity,
Lottie V.' Nelson against Chris Nelson
for 'desertion and Maud M.. Francis
against Albert i J. Francis for neglect
In ' the Divorce Court.
The cases are those of James S. Mc-
Cue against the steamers Sausalito
and San Rafael and their owner, the
North Pacific Coast Railroad Com
pany, and of N Mrs. Catherine Hall and
others against the same defendants.
The complaints were excepted to be
cause rule 15 of the court provides
that in Buch cases the complainants
may sue the ship and j master,' or; the
ship alone, or the master or the own
er alone in person. The attorney , for
the; complainants made th'em all de
fendants in' ViolaUon of .the rule.
The damages are •claimed \ for • inju
ries sustained by. passengers during a
collision in which the San Rafael was
sunk. • • •
Complainants in two suits for dam
ages against the North Pacific Coast
Railroad Company and others receiv
ed a setback yesterday in the United
States District Court, when Judge de
Haven struck out the complaints and
allowed the plaintiffs ten days* further
time in which to file amended com
plaints. .. « •
James S. McCue and Mrs. Catherine
Hnll Must File New Papers in
•San Rafael Suit.
COMPLAINTS STRICKEN
?;^ OUT FOR INFORMALITY
' T. H. Corning:, master of the Mag
gie, testified that at 7 a. m. the steam
er left Mission-street wharf for Half
moon Bay, traveling at half speed',
the day being foggy. He sighted the
San Jose coming from the direction
of Oakland while the Maggie was
about 300 yards from the ferry slip.
The San Jose blew . one whistle and
the Maggie answered with one whistle
and ported her helm. Almost im
mediately the San Jose . blew two
whistles, which the witness answered
with two and then put his helm- to
starboard. Then the two boats came
together, the San Jose striking the
Maggie on the bow, carrying away
part of the bulwarks and the uaper
part of her stem. \
William A. Rasmussen, master of
the San Jose, swore that the Maggie
ran into his. boat. The Maggie was
one point on the port bow of the fer
ry steamer when the San Jose gave
two whistles and starboarded the
helm. He was answered with two
whistles from the Maggie, which
swung on a ported helm, striking the
San Jose on the starboard bow, caus
ing slight damage to the boat's dav
its. ' The witness then backed the fer
ry steamer at full speed and gave,
three short whistles, which were not
answered by the Maggie.
• The case was taken under advise
ment.
United States Local Inspectors
Bolles and Bulger held an investiga
tion yesterday into the matter of the
collision between the ferry steamer
San Jose and the .steamer Maggie,
which occurred on November 18,
1003.
United States Local Inspectors Inquire
Into the Mixup of the Snn Jose
With the Mnggie,
FERRY-BOAT COLLISION
IS BEIXG * INVESTIGATED
Miss M. Molloy was transferred as
janitress from the Irving Primary
School to the Grant Primary School,
and Miss Margaret Kelly was appoint
ed janitress of the Irving Primary
School.
Miss Rose Thayer, as principal teach
er of the Chinese Primary School, to
take effect January 11, 1904.
Mrs. C. C. Newhall was elected to
succeed Miss Thayer.
The salaries of the special teachers
of the deaf and dumb classes were
fixed "at $75 per month.
A demand for $230. was passed In fa
vor of the California Louisiana Pur
chase Exposition committee, E. B. Wil
lis, secretary, in payment for ten cab
inets for exposition purposes. A.
O'Brien. Janitor of Spring Valley
School, was dismissed for violation of
rules, and William Duffy was elected
to fill the vacancy, to take effect Jan
uary 12, 1904.
Miss Nellie A. Jacobs of the Lafay
ette Primary School, from January 11,
1504, to the end of the spring mid term
vacation.
The leave of absence heretofore
granted to Margaret A. Smith of the
Lincoln School was extended until the
beginning of the fall term, 1904.
The following transfers were ordered
made:
Miss R. Gallagher, from the Harrison
Primary to the Spring Valley Gram
mar School.
Mrs. Susie Hart, from the Harrison
to the Cooper School.
Miss M. A. Conroy, from Cooper to
Jackson School, new class.
A class was consolidated in the Har
rison Primary School, and the principal
teacher, Miss L. McElroy, was in
structed to take charge of a class In
accordance with the rules.
The following resignations were ac
cepted:
Mrs. K.Haines, as janitress of the
Grant Primary School, to take effect
January 17, 1904.
Miss Mary Cahill of the day substi
tute class, to take effect January 1,
1904. »
Miss Hilda Kline of the Grant Pri
mary School, from' January 13, 1904, to
the beginning of the fall term, 1904.
Miss Agnes K. Fahey of the Day
substitute class, from January 11, 1904,
to February 2, 1904. '
He' dwelt on the . progress made by
the department in regard to the pro
posed exhibit of the San Francisco
schools at the St. Louis exposition. Dur
ing the last six months, Mr. Langdon
has made 1257 visits to the various
schools throughout the city and his
deputies have made 1927 visits, mak
ing a total of 3184 for the office. The
charter requires that at least 1005
should be made..
Leaves of- absence were granted to
the following teachers in the depart
ment:
The. Board of Education held its reg
ular weekly session yesterday after
noon, with the newly elected president,
Alfred Roncovieri, in the chair. Su
perintendent of Schools W. H. Langdon
read a full report' an the progress and
improvement of the department - and
went into details regarding the work
of the last year.
Brisbane, well known to most mining
men, has awakened to a new discovery
in gold ore. A rich discovery is re
ported In the "Welcome Stranger" mine
in the Warwick district and holders of
claims thereabouts are muc'.i encour
aged. At a depth of thirty-five feet
a vein was cut which was literally
studded with gold, said to average over
$8000 .to the ton. It is also said that
renewed activity in mining operations
has followed the recent discovery.
New Zealand, as well as California,
is wrestling with the wine adulteration
problem. The Government is attempt
ing to pre/ent doctdring of native
wines, but is not getting
necessary support from the press. A
recent issue of the Sydney Morning
Herald says:
The Minister for ArrlcuUure, Mr. Kldd,
states that the examination of wines under the
provisions of the wine adulteration act is car
ried out under the direction of. the Agricultural
Department. Since that measure became law
no analyses of Australian wines have been
made by the. Health Board officers for the Ag
ricultural Department. ¦
This explanation Is considered necessary in
order to clear up a misunderstanding which
appears to have arisen in reference to certain
evidence j given by Mr. Hamlet, Government
Analyst, before the select committee of the
Legislative Assembly appointed to inquire into
the use of preservatives Jn food and drinks.
Mr. Vesey R. Gosche, In a letter published in
these columns, stated that Mr. Hamlet was re
ported to have said in the course of his evi
dences "He had found as much 'as 60 grains of
salicylic add to the pint In colonial wine and
23 srrains to the pint is very frequent." Mr.
Goache remarked that this was a most sweep
ing condemnation of our wines, and In the
Interest of the wine industry he desired to
know whether Mr. Hamlet arrived at that
opinion prior to or after the enactment of the
wine adulteration act. We learn, on the au
thority of the Minister for Agriculture, that
Mr. Hamlet In his evidence referred to analyses
he made eight or nine years ago.
Lord Tennyson, the sou of the poet,
has left Australia for good. He has
been holding a colonial appointment
in Sydney for the past seven years, and
according to reports, was rather popu
lar there. On December 7 he sailed
with his wife and two sons for ."merry
ol 1 England," where hereafter he ex
pects to make his home. The expres
sions of regret at his departure were
universal and the loss of Lady Tenny
son to the islands was voice ! far and
wide in the press. It is understood that
Lord Tennyson is to have an appoint
ment under the Crown in either Eng
land or Ireland.
NEW GOLD DISCOVERY.
Cardinal Moran, the head of the
Catholic church in Australia, was
given a most enthusiastic reception on
his return from Rome to Sydney. While
in Pome he was loaded with special
honors by the Supreme ! Pontiff and on
his return he received no less gratify
ing testimr.ials from the people of
Sydney. He arrived on the steamship
Orizaba and was taken in a launch to
the pier. Every vessel in the harbor
whistled him a welcome, and the Lord
Mayor of Sydney went personally out
in a launch to give him a greeting.
A special steamer, loaded down with
children in holiday gowns, and gar
landed with flowers, met the Cardinal's
launch in the bay and escorted him to
the pier. On shore reception, followed
reception. He listened to addresses
from clergy and laity, merchant and
lawyer, and three days were consumed
in assuring the Cardinal that hie was
thoroughly welcome to his home again.
Captain Daniel Evans is dead. This
will be sad news to his many friends
who knew him from the white cathedral
of Callao to the ice-breasted shores of
St. Michael. He was taken ill in Mel
bourne, Victoria, while captain of the
sailing ship Dimsdale, and died in a
private hospital from pneumonia. His
wife survives him and has a residence
at Plymouth, England. ••
CARDINAL IS POPULAR.
According to the latest papers arriv
ing from Sydney the wheat crop of
Australia this year is exceptionally
heavy. The Berrigan and Finley dis
tricts report crops averaging twenty
five bushels to the acre and the yield
in the southern part of the island is
reported equally heavy. Many farmers
who were mortgaged to -their full lia
bility have managed to clean up all
their debts and the general tone is one
of satisfaction among wheat growers.
Cattle reports fom New Zealand are
not bo favorable. There is a general
complaint that cattle raisers are neg
lecting opportunities. The methods 6f
butchering are said to be crude and
expensive. There is, too. a complaint
in the papers that American beef is
taking the place of Australian raised
meat, notwithstanding that splendid
faciltles are afforded for the shipment
of frozen meat to England. The blame
is latd entirely on the butchering of the
cattle and underneath a bundle of ver
biage one may read a cry for a thor
ough American packing-houce, with its
various processes for treating cattle.
Cardinal Moran's JReturn to
' Sydney Is Greeted With Great
Enthusiasm by the Populace
Directors Decide to Advance
Sum of $230 in Favor of
Exhibit at St. Louis Fair
MANY TRANSFERS ISSUED
RICH GOLD DISCOVERY
Superintendent of SchoolsLang
don Tells of the Work Per
formed in the Department
Latest Advices From the An
tipodes Are Indicative of
Prosperous Condition of .Crops
READS REPORT
ON EDUCATION
WHEAT THRIVES
IN AUSTRALIA
THE- SAN FRANCISCO 'CALL, THURSDAY; JANUARY 14, 1.904.
9
-^~^^-,l:L^ -1^,.,-- -- POSTUM CEREAL. / * ~-
' It's Fun
(sometimes pitiable) «
To hear the ones
that are being: slowly— but surely
l»l 1 M /%/*¦ r%^KT i #*% fy y% Ag
* "Why no, coffee is not the cause of my troubles, besides, I have a headache
if I don't drink a cup at breakfast"
A self confessed slave and does not know it Absolutely sure to suffer worse
each year uniil the cause is removed.
And that cause is \
Care to. know how it works with some people?
A professional Nurse of i5 years' experience and who studied for three
years under one of the most eminent specialists of Springfield, III., speaks of coffee
drinking and its effects, citing particularly the case of her own husband;
"When I married him he was a confirmed coffee drinker, and it had. to be strong or he
missed the stimulant and had headache ; as the years went on the headaches became more and
more frequent, sometimes lasting two or three days, and the coffee must be made stronger.
His stomach became badly affected, headaches became chronic and rheumatic paralysis came on,
commencing with the little finger of the left hand and gradually extending to every finger until
the entire hand was helpless; then the right hand was affected in the same manner, then extended
to his elbows, shoulders and joints of his limbs. His muscles seemed to slowly contract and
stiffen, and at times the pains were so intense strong opiates had to be administered.
"For over 4 years I dressed and undressed him as I would a child; he was so helpless
he could not even remove his slippers or stockings or bathe himself. - After 6 years of such ter-
rible suffering a bad cough set in, coming from, bis stomach, not from the lungs, and he raised
the most corrupt matter I ever saw.
/'The incessant coughing and straining strained the main artery of his throat, and I found
a growth or hard substance coming on the lower part of his neck, which gradually enlarged until
it protruded outward as large as a turkey egg and pressed on .the windpipe so much he could
only breathe or swallow sitting up in a padded chair, a hopeless invalid. The best physicians and
specialists attended him, and the Verdict of all was the same— he must die; nothing could save
him. " 'C.-
"I thought coffee made matters worse, and I resolved, unknown to my husband, to try
Postum and drop coffee, so I purchased a package and prepared it according to directions, boil-
ing it 20 minutes after it commenced to boil, then 'scalded a little cream and prepared a small
cupful. I gave him two teaspponfuls and no vomitirtg followed or nausea, and after waiting.
an hour I gave him two more spoonfuls, and he said it tasted good and "did not burn his stomach-
"For a week I continued the Postum, gradually increasing the quantity, and then I be-
.gan to add to each cup of Postum a spoonful of Grape- Nuts food; The doctor said my struggle
was useless — that the aneurism in his throat would grow until it choked him to death. But I
would not give up. He drank nothing but Postum, and the vomiting ceased entirely, the burn-
ing in the stomach was allayed and the cough much easier, with the discharge from the stomach
"At the end of three months, after I began to. give him Postum in place of coffee, he was
actually able to leave his chair and, leaning on my shoulder, walk a few steps, That was over
a year ago, and to-day he can walk to the postoffice, nearly a mile, and back every day, takes
"The aneurism is reduced so much that he lies in bed and sleeps with comfort, while the
stomach trouble has entirely disappeared. His case is considered one of the most remarkable
that has ever been know here in medical surgery.
"You may be. sure coffeehas been banished fronrdur home and Postum, the life-saving
friend, is served at every meal." ( - ~r •
Any one can drop the Coffee habit instafiter by using good, well-made Postum Coffee.
There's the snappr taste, rich^ deep seal brown color that turns to a golden brown when cream
Is bounding health and the power "to do. things" worth while? Try it
Food Coffee
_^^ ADVEBTJSEMENTS.
I
AMUSEMENTS.
WIZ.Ii BE OKE OP THE
GEE4T EECOHD BSEAXEBS.
THE BEAUTY SHOP
The i-' ta.pt Sensation of Years.
Too Many Good Features to Enumerate In
This Space.
THE LATEST SSi™.
' NOVELTIES
Our VAJl-Star" Cast,
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
¦0=Bio;Acts=.0
Howard Tliurscon; Wallno and Mari-
ncttc; Asra; White and Simmons
and Orphcum Motion Pictures. Last
tiraes of Hallen and Fuller; Duini-
• trescu, Van Auken and Vanncrson;
the Sa-VanS; Cliarlotte Guyer
George and the Tobins.
Re«u!ar Matinees Every Wednesday. Thurs-
day. Saturday arid fiunday. 1'ru-es 10c 25c
ani 50c.
at r* a n a "D Be!a * ro * "¦*«¦•
ALLAZAK £s*g£
General Manager.
TO-zriGST — this week only.
XSATXSXES SATURDAY AND SUJTDAY
GREAT HIT OK
THE MOTH SJilini,
=====
-srirl The Children 1 !
•••Q*i*J««» Coatuiae
THE FLAME ™ r '
\ Wedding-.
£vc?=.. 2.V to T5c. Mats. Eat.and Sun.l5c to 50c
XEXT MONDAY— First time in this city.
The Wallack Theater^ Hit of Last Season,
The Cyclocic American Comedy,
/YYRS. JACK.
¦ 100 XIGIITS IX XEW YORK.
XIarkct St.. near Eighth. Pbont South 533.
TO-XTXGIHT — ALL THIS WEEX.
MATINEES SATCKDAT AND SUNDAY.
First Time li-re of the Eastern Success.
T* 1 ? Moonshiners
A comedy drama of the Virginia Mountains.
Tbr.lUr.ff! .Entrancing! Sensational!
First appearance in this city of
TOMMY SHEABEX,
TThe new comedian >¦( the Central Stock Com-
pany.
PPlfCC Eveninrs 10c to 50c
J 1V1VL3 Matinees 10c. 15c. 25c
AMUSEMENTS.
MATINEES SATURDAYS ONLY.
All This Week. Also Next Monday. Tuesday
and Wednesday Nights,
mres.
In Percy Fendall's Modern Comedy,
"MRS. DEERING'S DIVORCE."
Thursday. Friday. Saturday Nights and Sat-
urday Matinee of Next Week.
First Times Here of Sydney Grundy's
"The Degenerates"
KEATS NOW READY.
Sun., Jan. 24 — German Performance, "Als ich
Wiederkam."
l| , TO-NIGHT.
Tr7^ IP |Hoyt's| 1
J CHINATOWN... I
y Sunday— THE FATAL WED- ji
k SPECIAL — Next Monday — <¦
C Opening of advance sale for l
1 -THE ETERNAL CITY." with M
. EDWARD MORGAN and entire <fl
! original New York cast. T
MATINEE SATURDAY.
LAST THREE NIGHTS.
Miss Vivian Prescott
In the Pastoral Southern Melodrama
IN CONVICT STRIPES
A Story of Life in the Hills of South Carolina.
XTEXT EUffDAT MATIMXE
ONE NIGHT in JUNE
A Play for the People.
USUAL POPULAR PRICES.
Hlgrh-Claii Specialties Every Afternoon
and Evening: In the Thoroughly
Heated Theater.
TO-MTQHT— ¦—
GALA AMATtUK PERFORMANCE
Concludlns With
"U-etk cf Jan. IS— THE BOWERY GIRL.
I I V UL t House.
PRAISED BY PRESS JLKD PUBLIC !
MATINEE SATTTBDAY.
When Johnny
Gomes Marching Home.
A UUltary Fpectacular Comic Opera by gtan-
lelaus Stance and Julian Edwards.
Uartial Music! Picturesque Scenery! North-
ern Soldiers and Southern Sweethearts!
Usual Popular Prices 25c, 60c and 75c
Box Seati . . .$l.oo
LYRIC HALL, TO-NightS
BURTON
HOLMES
LECTURES
To-Night— YELLOWSTONE PARK.
Megmficent Colored Views and
Realistic Motion Pictures
TO-MORROW EVE., MOSCOW.
SPECIAL MATINEE SATURDAY ai 3
"YOEEMITE VALLET."
Reserved Seats at Sherman, Clay & Co.'b
00c, 70c and $1.00. "
Racing fllSl^ Bacinj!
OAKLAND RACE TRACK
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKET CLUB.
NEW LIVING PICTURES
BEE THE CHINESE BABV GIRL IN THE
INFANT INCUBATOR.
ADMISSION 10c \ CHILDREN 5c
When I'honinsr Ask for "The Chutes."
3IISCELLAXEOU&
T — ; —
Good Cooking
at home — not dear cooking — but
economical and appetizing cooking
is made possible in every kitchen by
using a little
LIEBIG
COMPANY'S
[ Extract of Beef
BEERS I
The Highest Priced but |
the Best Quality. |
¦ 80LO LVER.VWHERE. I
; HILBERT MERCANTILE CO, fl
Pacific Coast Are at*. | B
Commencing January 4.
Racine Each Week Day. Bain or Shine.
Six or More Races Daily.
Races commence at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
For epedal train* atopping at the track take
E. P Ferry, foot of Market street, at 12.
12:30. 1:00. 1:30 or 2 o'clock. No smoking In
last two cars, which at* reserved for ladies
and their escorts.
Returning trains leave track at 4:10 and
t:15 and Immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS. President.
PERCY W TREAT. Secretary.
Pniarp dont pail to
j COURT Lounging
2 fl Q "">% *** EMPIRE
UUU PARLOR, the
C,~~~A PALM ROOM, the
UniflQ LOUIS XV PAR-
**"** LOR, and the LA-
H/a/ti* DIES* WRITINO
Hotels room.
Ijx Eyeglasses m
{J Spectacles t]
¦ #%«¦¦¦¦¦ B C%»«a to STAY CUBED. Cms
R Ci I 11 B a H remored. Ii«lth ri-tor^U At-
1 1-^ ; I i H nil 11 tack* n»w return. TE»t heartily,
Hi) I If I H W-ep -llnlf hi, do anythli,, go
¦ ¦ *^ ¦ ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦ anywhere. So further awl ot
medicine*. Book 60 FREE. KinMy pafM, allatxrat
iit«n»»»4 BayFww. P. HwolaHaye», Buffalo, K.T.i third. . "1.
The two-year-old race, at .three fur
longs, "was won by Schrieber's Azelina,
which - defeated Lady Lasca by a
length. Hllona. was third. .
The third Vace was won by Flores
tan, at 15 to 1. Montana Peeres3 was
I second and' Nanon third. Jim Gore
J was played for. a \ killing, but finished
J last. A bad start ruined Buccleuth's
j chances.
i The "fourth number, a seven furr
• long • handicap, ¦ was won by Warte
Nicht, the favorite. : Princess -Tulane
was second and Orslna third. -
' The fifth event .went to. the odds-on
favorite, Fortunatus, with Greenock
-second and Pilot third.
J Pat Bulger, at 1 to 3, won the last
! race by a dozen lengths. : Foncasta
was second and Lady. Usk. third,
j E. Walsh and J. Booker .were each
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 13. — Four, out
of six, favorites won at Ascot Park to
day, the other two races going to a
second choice and an" outsider. The
first race, at one mile, was ¦ won by
Ultruda, the 9 to 5 favorite. Frank
Pierce was second and Schwarzwald
Carries the Purple With Orange
Sleeves and Red Cap of
Schreiber to Victory at Ascot
"- Fifth race, ' mile -. and ' a sixteenth," selling,
4-year-ol^s -and up — FortunatUs, 105 <Wal«h>.
8;to 5, won; Greenock. 112 (Prior). 10 to .1.
second; Pilot, 104 (Lewis), 12 » to - 1. I third.
Time, 1:49^. N Sllver Fizz^Cloch* dOr, Cam
baceres and Terra , Incognita also tan. ,
,v Sixth race, five furlongs, purse, 3-year-olds—
•'Pat':Hulger.* 110 (Redfern), 3 to 10,. won; Fon
easta. 115 (Relff). 0 to 2, second: Lady Usk,'
107 - (Prior). 6 to I. third. Time/ 1 :02Vi. Lady
: Belaire, Colonel ¦ Bogey,. Carnival, Absolute
and Mabel Claire also ran. : . . ¦ . ¦ ;
i Fourth ract, seven' furlongs, purse, 4-year
oldsr-Warte Nicht, 107 (Redfern); 4 to 5. won;
Princess -Tular.e, 97 (Walsh). .6 to 1. second;
Orsina, 102 ¦ (Spencer),- 5 to - 2, third. Time,
1:28^4: Dolly : Hayman ' also rani ¦¦ ¦ ,
Sixth race, one mile —Port Royal won. Myn
heer second. Silver lleade third. Time. l:42>t.
. 1 A
fined $20 by Judge Hamilton for rough
riding. : Summary:
First race, mile, selling—Ultruda. Ill
(Lewis), 9 to 0, won; Frank Pearce,' 111
(Booker), s to 1, second: Schwarzwald, 1U
(Walsh), 6 to 2,-third. Time, 1:44V*. Bas
stano, Ohio Girl, Dr. Worth, Insolence, Little
Secret, Sharplcss and: Maud M also ran.
c Second ¦ race, three furlongs,' purse,. 2-year
olds—Azellne. 112 (Boland)i 2 to 1, won: Lady
Lasca, 111 (Redfern), 1 to 2, second; Hllona,
105 (Russell), 12 to 1, third. Time, :36%.
Melar and. St.. Dixie also ran. .
• Third race, Slauson course, selling 4-year
olds ! and up —Florestan, 104 : (Mountain), ¦ 15 j to
1, won; Montana Peeress, 104 (Buxton), 7 to 2,
second; Nanon, 104 (Brown), 0 to.'I, " thlra.
Time,'-1:12Vi. ¦ MacFIccknoe. Labor, Double,
Kduoate, ¦ Buccleuth, .Nat: Goodwin , and ¦ Jim
Gore . II also ra n ' 7" tfA^twBlllHfiBMIlliliB^lWlflli
Second race, five furlongs— Ascension won,
Fresentatlpn second, Sweet Nell third. Time,
1:011-5.
Third race, one mile — Ethics won. Bon Mot
eecond, Pettljohn third. Time. 1:421-5.
Fourth race, • handicap, six and a half fur
longs — Hands Across won. Mainland second, St.
Tajtimany thirds Time, 1 :22. .
i Fifth race, one and a quarter miles, selling —
The ¦ Messenser wen. Colonel Tyler ' eecond,
Stonewall third. Time, 2:00.
First race, six and a half furlongs — Sid Sil
ver won. Four Leaf C second. Alpaca third.
Time, 1:23. .
NEW ORLEANS, Jan. 13.— Crescent City
results: / • •
NEW ORLEANS RACE RESULTS.
Stockdale - Kennel's pointer dog
Cuba's Zep, handled by Dodge, and W.
W. Van Arsdale's English setter dog
Bell Boy, handled 1)y Babcock, were the
next brace, and ran forty-three min
utes. Bell Boy showed best in speed
and style, and ranged out well. He was
th« first to find birds, pointing in heavy
weeds. Three birds were flushed to his
point- He followed this with two other
good points, but was a trifle overcau
tious in his work. Zep made a num
ber of false points, but later redeemed
himself by . making three points to
which birds were flushed.
POINTER RUNS CREDITABLY.
John .W. Consldine's English setter
Count's Clip, handled by Coutts, and
.«, .j.
Van Arsdale's English setter dog Mc-
Cloud Boy, handled by Babcock, ran
thirty-six minutes in good cover, con
sisting mainly of stubble some twelve
or " fourteen inches high. Both dogs
started fast and ranged well, maintain
ing their pace to the end, although it
was exceedingly warm at this time.
Making a cast through a stretch of
stubble, McCloud Boy winded birds
along a ditch bank and Jumped into a
pretty point on a bevy.
He was a trifle unsteady to shot, but
the find was a meritorious one. Some
of the birds took to cover in weeds .on
the other side of the fence and in the !
stubble, but the dogs failed to estab
lish any further points. » Policy Girl
pointed several times, but no birds
could be flushed to her stands.
After luncheon Stockdale Kennel's
pointer Marguerette; handled by Dodge,
and J. W. Flyiin's pointer Nelly Bang,
handled by Coutts, were put down in
open ".country containing good cover
and were worked thirty minutes. It
was quite warm at this time, but both
dogs made a creditable showing in
point work. Marguerette was first to
point In a weed patch, and a number
of birds were flushed ahead of her.
She followed with two more points.
Nelly Bang made two stylish points
meanwhile. Neither dog ranged widely,
but Nelly showed considerable style
and speed, excelling her brace-mate in
these respects.
SUCCESSFUL POINTER IN
THE FIRST OF THE FIELD
TRIALS STAKES.
j. TT. Consldine's English setter Pol
icy Girl, handled by Lucas, and W. W.
J. E. Terry's English setter dog Kil
carif, handled by Coutts, and Van Ars
dale's English setter dog Oakley's
Pride, handled by Babcock, were the
next brace to run. and were put down
after the birds had been driven to cover
in a corn field, where they could show
their epeed and range. Kilgarif showed
to advantage here, making several
clever casts. Oakley also ranged out
¦well, though not the equal of his brace
xaate in this respect. Swinging back
to the corn, field, the dogs were sent
to find, and it was not long before
Babcock called "Point" for Oakley and
flushed the bird. Kilgarlf next made,
a false point and followed with a point
•which he established just as the bird
flushed wild. Next he snapped to a
point on a single and was steady to
fiusb and shot. Oakley concluded the
bird work with a snappy point, after
which the dogs were taken up. Condi
tions in this heat were bad, as the birds
would not He to the dogs and flushed
•wild at the slightest noise. The dogs
were down thirty minutes.
DOGS RANGE WELL.
BY <:. W. IIIBBARD.
BAKEIIPF1ELD, Jan. 13.— The all
age stake in the field trials was com
menced this morning on grounds with
in six miles of town. The first brace of
dogs, consisting of C. E. Worden's Eng
lish setter dog. Harry H, handled by
CoottS, and the same owner's pointer
bitch. Pearls Jingle, handled by Lu
cas, v.ere cast off in the field where I
Northern Huntress and Dr. Daniels ran i
their famous race last January. Harrjr j
H started at great speed and ranged ,
out wide, making long casts to likely J
ground. A bevy was flushed, and when
the birds scattered Jingle showed to
pood advantage, scoring four points in
Fhort order. Harry H was unlucky in
finding and failed to make a stanch
point during the beat. Jingie showed
good, perviceable speed and range, but
was hardly up to her form of other
years. Down forty minutes.
The second brace consisted of,W. ¦W.
Van Arsdale's English setter dog, De
troit Joe. handled by Babcock, and C.
E. Worden's English setter dog, Jay
M, handled by Lucas. They were down
thirty minutes in open territory- Both
dogs started at a good clip, but Joe did
not show the speed of last season and
Jet down considerably before the heat
was over. Jay M proved a fast and
stylish worker and ran well to the end
of the race. No bird work was per
formed by either, although a few birds
had been driven to the weeds and af
forded the dogs limited opportunities
on game.
AZELINA FIRST
AT THE FINISH
The date for next season's trials will
be the second Monday in January, 1905.
Selections of grounds has been left to
the executive committee. Entries for the
members' stake will close to-morrow
night and a large number of dogs will
be started by W. S. Tevis, C. E. Wor
den, J. W. Flynn, J. E. Terry, W. W.
Van Arsdale and C. S. Coggin. i
New members elected were: C. T. A.
Last, Los Angeles; Howard B. Smith,
Colton; Floyd S. Judah, F. H. Mayer,
James S. Brownell, E. A. Macher, W.
D. Mansfield, San Francisco; A. G.
Park, Hanford; J. Sub Johnson, Visa
lla; C. J. Berry, Selma; Alex Hamil
ton, A. C. Heeseborough, L. O. Kellogg,*
San Francisco; F. Ruhstahler, Sacra
mento; "W. E. Gerten, Sacramento; C.
A. ,Wlnship, The Palms; Mountford
Wilson, San Francisco; E. D. Roberts,
San Bernardino; H. L. Betten, Ala
meda.
Stockdale pointer Midget,
handled by* S. N. Carlyle, were next
cast off in an adjoining field and ran
33 minutes. Clip showed a 'little the
better in speed and range, . but the
pointer ran in creditable form, finally
locating a bevy in a patch of alkali
weeds. Clip coming up, established a
point on the same bevy, but com
menced moving up when the birds
flushed, llidget made two more stanch
points and Clip had two rather unde
cided points to her credit.
Stockdale Kennels' pointer bitch Pe
tronella, handled by Dodge,. and A. H.
Nelson's English setter bitch Sport's
Destiny, handled by Lucas, ran the
last race of the day. Both ranged out
wide and showed good style and speed.
After a run of ten minutes they were
worked through a patch of sun
flowers and heavy cover and both com
menced to alternately road and point;
on footscent of a running bevy. Finally^
the birds commenced to flush singly at
the edge of the weed patch. Petronella
then established three good points.
Destiny also pointed in a decided man
ner several times, but no birds could
be flushed to her points. . Down 30
minutes.
At the annual meeting of the Pacific
Coast -Field Trials Club, which took
place in the parlors of the Southern
Hotel this evening, the following offi
cers were re-elected for the ensuing
term: W. W. Van Arsdale, president;
C. E. Worden, "first vice president; H.
w - Keller, second vice president; Al
bert Betz, secretary-treasurer; C. N.
Post, W. S. Tevis, J. H. Schumacher,
T. J. A. Tiedemann and W. W. Rich
ards, executive committee.
W. S. Bell of Pittsburg, Pa., was
made an honorary member.
ELECT NEW 'MEMBERS.
55S2 Skip Me (Madison & Co.) 100
5600 Pruewood (McAIester) 'i<x>
570<; Mr. Phinzy (Rakeman) ins
5B68 "Plckaway (Jackson) "*"l0"
5716 »Pusa In Eoots (Josephs) '. 05
Sixth race— One and a quarter miles; four
year-olds and up; selling
570 i l Frank Woods (Garden City Stable).. 102
5o«« Searcher (Partlngton Bros.) io
5704 El Orlente (Spiers) iot
B707 'Martin (Bender & Co.) ""* o*
5B23 Position (Durfee). in?
6647 •Royalty (Green) I * * "ml
5682 Eda Riley (McCafferty) "*10"
PBOBABLE WnnVEXS.
NEW YORK, Jan. 13.— A private
dispatch from Paris announces that
George Sutton. the Chicago billiardist,
and Maurice Vismaux. the French ex
pert, have been matched for a 500
point contest at 18-inch balk line.
The match has been set for January
29, in Paris.
Famous Bllliardlsts Matched.
Plrst race— Boaator. Myrtle X. Candi
date. ¦ ¦¦.:::-•.:-
Second race— Military Mas, Un'xh Me-
Gowaa, Saeredns.
Third race — Velma Clark, Tom SlaTia.
El Kioto.
Fourth race— Heather Hoaij. Ttxtt
Chip, Polonini.
Tilth race — Bard Boras, X.areaa, Pus
in Booti.
Sixth race — Position, Prank Woods.
Eda BUey. '
5631 Young Pepper (O'Rourke) lCfi
4374 Facredus (Jennings & Co.) 1<»<>
(5«5G)Celebrant (Hamilton Stable) 115
5G94 Hugh McGowan tRowell) 109
Morello (R. Smith) 100
5361 Dungannon (Knebelkamp & Co.) 104
5C81 Military Man (Ferguson) H>}
5691 Otto Stlfel (Schreiber) H*»
Third race — Seven furlongs; 4-year-olds and
up; selling: „.
6U71 Chickadee (McCafferty) J»
558rt •Glissando (Romigh) :"*«xS
5704 «Velma Clark (McAIester) ly"_
5092 'Optimo (Blakeman) J°*
552« *EI Piloto (Hoag) 1°JJ
5435 Ulloa (Owen) J"J
5706 'Virgle d'Or (Beckw) .." £*
5424 Glenarvon (Fisher) ) »<»»
5572 Homily (Henshall) >{?J
5C90 »Our Pride (Tate) " ?X
5302 'Mr. Dingle (Judge) ™
5704 Tom Slavln (Clifford) u -
Fourth race— One mile; four-year-olds and
up; selling. o ,
5445 •Polcr.ius. (Edwards) ~
5682 Kosarle (Cnappelle) ¦ *"i
5695 "Silurian (Lamasney Bros.) *«i
(5702)F!rst Chip OCrandall) • x "i
5671 *McGrathiana Prince (Regan) »'
56C7 Antolee (McCafferty) ™V
5683 Hlpponax (Lane) *£?
5659 'Heather Honey (Leach)..., »£»
Keynote (Follansbee) *"V
6644 'Romaine (Murray) »2
5605 •Pierce' J (Blakeman).. ««•
5C03 'Kitty Kelly (Stanfleld) A 10=
Fifth race— Futurity course; three-year-olds
and up; selling.
(567ft)«Ethel Abbott (Miller) 00
5C18 Bard Burns (Judge) J1O
W68 I.urene (Pritchard) •-•••• • ••J0»
5C»0 Pure Dale (Thomas & Reavey) 10j
<56«;6)nnctma (Robb) ; 100
5fi"0 Ripper (Lane). • ; »"j
5704 Hellas (Crcely). 10*
Negotiations for a fight must now
begin all over again. Young Corbett
has offe-' to fight Dave Sullivan at
Colma. Sullivan lost to McGovern in
seventeen rounds and beat Briggs on
Tuesday night. The latter gave Mc-
Govern a great battle.
Alex Greggains is out of the bidding,
as he has matched Hugo Kelly of Chi
cago with Billy Woods for the 29th of
this, month. Kelly fought a draw with
Jack O'Brien recently^
This leaves only two bidders for the
fight— the Yosemite Club and Hayes
Valley. Club. The former will prob
ably have the February permit and
the latter the one for March. The box
ers have already expressed a preference
for March and the play may fall to
Morris Levy.
Young Corbett said last night he
would accept a theatrical engagement
If he did not make a match before the
end of this we''-.
On Monday night Mr. Brandon, the
sportsmanlike backer of the Colma
Club, deposited a $1000 check. He in
creased this to $15,000 yesterday after
noon and the money was placed in
bank to the credit of Eddie Graney,
the stake holder.
When they met at Harry Corbett's
last night, while it was understood
Young Corbett would gladly get out of
the Colma affair, he was ready to sign
the articles of agreement. Britt gave
his ultimatum and the Colma Club
people had no redress. Jim Neil said
they had purchased all the chairs from
the old Tivoli to put in the Colma pa
vilion and had gone to. other expense.
OXIiY TWO CLUBS WlJAj BID.
Britt knew of Corbett's demands and
gave the promoters to understand that
he considered himself as great a draw
ing card as Corbett. The Calif ornian
did not want a bonus, but he main
tained that Corbett was not entitled to
one. The club managers took this view
of the case and would not allow the
featherweight a bonus.
In a moment of pique Corbett accept
ed the Colma offer, which was a lib
eral one, and Britt fell in with his
views. The selection of Colma was a
shock to the men who attend all the
important fights. Some of this com
f ment reached Britfs ears! ' It did not
have much effect on him. however, un
til he went to Colma Tuesday night
and took a survey of the place. This
had its effect and he decided he would
not fight there.
If the selection on ( Monday night of
the Colma Athletii Olub by Young
Corbett and Jimmy Britt as the scene
of their proposed battle was a surprise
to the sporting fraternity, a greater
one was in store for them last night.
At the time when it was agreed that
articles would be signed and forfeits
posted, Britt quietly said that after
mature deliberation he had ' decided
that he would not fight at Colma. His
reason was that the building would
not accommodate the people who want
ed to see the fight. In addition he said
it would put the men from, this city to
too great an Inconvenience to reach the
scene of the fight, and when they were
there he doubted if ticket holders could
get the seats for which they paid, ow
ing 'to the lack of accommodations.
Britt had no fault to find with the
club's bid, saying it was a liberal one.
The architect's plans show 4317 seats
in the pavilion, although the club man
agers claim that 5100 people can be ac
commodated. Only 1934 people wit
nessed the Britt-Canole fight and yet
the pavilion had a crowded appear
ance.
The story of why the fight went to
the Colma Club on Monday was com
mon gossip last night at the sporting
resorts. From first to last Young Cor
bett has felt that he. as the champion
featherweight, was a great drawing
card and, as such, was entitled to a
bonus for affixing his name to a con
tract with any club. Morris Levy al
lowed him V/ 2 per cent of the gross re
ceipts for signing to fight Hanlon be
fore the Hayes Valley Club. This
bonus amounted to $1600.
. QUARRKIi OVER BOXUS.
OAKI^KP BACSTBACg-WEDNESDAY^Jar^ia-Weather fine,
5T14, FIRsTlTA'c^uturUy cour»; selling; S-year-oUla ami up; value to flr«U_f^
Index Horse and~Q W ner. Wt|St. U . H- ?1 ¦ Stj^iLj-i- 0 *^- _OP;__£L
5642 Sir Preston. 4 (J. Hunter)... 106 5 ... 2 h 1 1»*1 2 } 2H £°""? U 5 7
5570 Hilary a t Piedmont Stable). |110 8 ... 7 2 4n .* £i - .'*.«"'** 7 10
W>U« |Saul of Tarsus, a (Wai!) 1110 :i ... 9 % ¦*;» * f i n ij Martin" » a
5C7S Eenlash. 4 (U Jeuness) 10»i » ... 4 n J \, 2 1 4 n J "" i,> »l
WOSlLlt. Sister. 5 (Graffort & Co.) i 101' 12 ... 8 1 & J " |f ~ ifJ*r\t "" 5<> 50
5642 lAmoruna. « (P. McGulre). . . .|l(>5[ 2 ... In « H « * i n w Dftlv"' 20 10
5KJ5 Scherzo. 3 ', (Pueblo Stable)... | OS! 1 ••• & h'.2 h 5 h « ¦* » 13
5505 iFloriana Belle. 3 (Miller).... 87 14 ... 10 %10 2 10 - H - *™* b ;^ * d ' s . 5 »3
5613 JLustiK. 3 (B. Schreibcr) I 1)2 10 ... •&»**,? J&J 2 Bell- 10 1«
.... |Zem Zem. a (C. Hill) I1OS a ... 0 'all J 11 »» - V* D k'iy'.... 1» *»
5656 Wanderllngr. 6 (Pritchard). . . ICOtll . . . 12 1 8 1 •> J \\ * «li he i^ood 2O 6O
5«42 Dr. Sherman 6 (M. L. White) 1 103 Vi ... 11 2 12 1 12 1 12 n jf 11 ""^,,' 5<> -V>
3644 Dandie Belle.6 (Winter & Ca)|l0S 4 ... 14 14 14 ]" * o" p^d " 20 CO
54S0 Doris. 3 (H. L,. Jones) | 02 7 ... 13 tt^ li™ - 14 !Reed —
Tlme-:24Vi. : 13.7:11. At post 4 minutes. Off at 2:17 Preston P'" ce «J; : jjSred-VeU
Hilary, place 5-2; *how. 6-5. Saui, show. 8-5. Winner, ch g. b ' Sr "f^ v^
Prcrtii/ Trateed by 8. McNauahton. Start good Von e ?"">:_ t ,^, xt jIHary rn sh
Winner .finally busted the tap* after a chapter of harrowing t^'*"^ aIf t Vhe jotlrnty.
have won. away In front. Saul of Tarsus pounds the *>*»«• ., Poc^htrx.» will win un-
LustlK badly messed about. Benlash tired. Amoiuna quit. tocheno will win ua
R715. SBXPXD RACE-Three and a half furlongs; purse; 2-year-olds; value to first. $328.
Index] Horse and Owner. |\Vt|St. hi. Vl ?'t- St^J^j^ocliey^l^P-^J^
665.%" Marie J (M Jo^) .'lCo! 2 ... ... 1 W 2 1 «4 J^^^-' l" ,5
(5B.-.5) Prince Brutus (Cameron).... ill2| 3 2 1 2n 2 2^ Hildebrand 1-^ "1-3
5655 Arisbe (Napa Stock Farm).. 1 100 1 34 33 «- ""f 119 " l \£
5C55 Mogregor < Bianchi & Co.). . .|U»1 4 4 i,,5 4 r ?i Atcmi- -«> "JO
Neva I^e (Gregory & Co.)... |1W»| « ... ... 5 2^ 3 f!*-*j£"°= 5O
.... Rose JSley (Blafiingame) \U3] 1 « h b 1 b », Hoar 2O »«
.... Gloomy Gus (B. & \V.) |1W>| 8 .2 .4 .6 P«'JL * - % H
.... Ciacoma (K. A. Smith) |112| 5 8 4 S.I 8n Larsen . . . . 20 o»
.... BilU Short (A. T. Dobson). . .|112| !) »2 0 2 » 2 1. Euter.. 50 10»
.... Elba (\V. B. Jennings) |100|10 10 10 lo J Martin... g -»
Time— :23U :4lH At post 1 minute. Off at 2:43. Marie, place. 5-2: show 7-10. BriUua.
place, out; show out Arisbe show. 1-3. Winner, ch. f. by Baawtlaw-Mlza. Train««
by C. B. Lusk. Scratched— Plrelia. Start fair. Won easily. Second easily Thlri
drivlne. Under diKerent handling Prince Brutus could have won Mane J >¦ *
clever Miss and Johnny Daly rode her with splendid judgment. Arisbe is green, uia
coma will Improve. Elba away poorly and Martlncnade noeffort^^^^^^^^^^^^^
571G. THIRD RACE— Futurity course; selling; 3-year-olds and up; value to first. 1325.
Index! Horse and Owner. f\Vt St. \i . \t. %- Str. Fin. I Jockey, j Op. Cl.
5(320 INullah. a (G. S McKenzle).|107 5 ... 4 2 4 2 3 h In |Kunz S 15
5112 IModder « (Buckholtz & Co.) 110 6 ... S n 5 n 5 3 2 H£;See 1«> "
5494 lAllce Carey.4 (F. H. Bell).. 103 1 ... 3 n 2 l!il n ." 2«2!HUdebrand 5-2 1C-S
5K58 IPuss In Boots, 4 (Jo«ephs).. 99 ¦ ,t ... 2h3h4n4n Larsen .... 2 ll-»
5«70 Waterpower. 5 (H. Stover).. 113 7 ... 61 t>3 «1 5n Bell 4
5(518 Goddess at Night. 6 (Parks). 112 2 ... 1 ?i 1 n 2 2 « :: Burns 4 9-2
5«5C Emma Reubold, 4 (Appleby). 100) 8 ... 7 1^7 2^7 1 7 1 Foley S 20
W. Overton. 4 (Kneblkamp). 101110 ...10 8 n » 15 8 4 {McBrlde .\ 10 10
5U00 Alta G. 4 (Mrs. Hertzell). .. 10s| 4 ... 9 1 ft 5 8 4 9 15 IJ. Martin. ..~ 10 13
Xander, 3 (W. Preece) lOul » ... 8 2 10 1O' 10 |J. T. Shehn IS 10O
(5255)|Rodolfo. 3 _(W._J._SPi£_™)^-_^ _?5?f_! 1iL-_H^_L1Z_l: • ' •-• i c - Smith... 8 12
Time — :24»4 :4S>4 1:10%. At post 6 minutes. Oft at 3:00. Nullah, place. 6; show. 3.
Modder. place. 5; show. 5-2. . Carey, show. 3-5. Winner, b. no. by Alntree-Lady
Augusta. Trained by A. Burns. Scratched — Amasa. Start good. Won la a hard drive
of three. If not pocketed in the stretch turn Modder would have won. Alice Carey
can do better. Puss in -Boots ran disappointingly. Waterpower was rated by Bell.
Goddess ' of Night quit. Foley rode Emma Keubold. *Left. '
5717. FOURTH RACE — One and an eighth miles; hndep. ; 4-yr.-old3 & up; to first. *S0O.
Index Hcrse and Owner. WtiSt. Vi - % - Str. Fin. Jockey. [ °P^ <•*•
5>;t.". Faulconbridge. 4 (Houseman) 1C5! 5 12 1 l'-jl 2 12 11 Larsen .... 4 13-2
5507 Oarsman. 4 <L. Kempner). .. 118| 1 4 3U:i 2V,:» 1%2 n 2 Wonderly . 8-5 8-5
5021 Leader. 4 (W. B. Jennings).. 102 4 2 l',£2 1 2 1 3 >j J ". |J. Martin... « 10
(5G45) Our Bessie. 4 (J. Newman). . KT. 2 3 »j 4 2'i4 5 4 4 4 l^i|Oums ..... 5-2 11-5
5047. Horatius 4 (J J. McAIester) 1C2 3 0 2<£6 3 6 5 5n 5n lOHphant ... 1« 1«
5071 Orafter "0 (Blasingame) 10OJ « 5n 5n 5n «8 «15 | Cross walte | 15 3!>
54S9 Major Tenny. 5 (Piedmont S.) 1011 7 7 7 7 7 7 IHIId-hrnnrl ' H in
Time — :24»i. . :4SVi. l:13»i. 1:1«. 1:61%. At post 1 minute. Off at :i:-i-i. FauUunor.aae.
place, 2: show. 0-10. Oarsman, place, 3-5; show, 1-3. Leader, show, B-5. Winner,
ch. h. by The Bard-Roulette. Trained by R. A. Smith. Start good. Won in a drlv
of three. Faulconbridge made no stops. Oarsman made a gamo^bid for it. Leader ran
a nice race. Too rich for Our Bessie. Horatius outclassed. Major Tenny a warm tip.
5718. FIFTH RACE — One mile; selling; 4-year-olds and up; value to first. $325.
Index) Horse and Owner. . WtjSt. \i . %- fji Str. Fin. I Jockey. I Op. Cl.
567S Leash 4 (L. Levy) 10O 6 7 1 51 5 ?J 2» 1 1%M. T. Shehnl 10 15
r.««7 Billy Moore, a (T. T; Rector) J 07 2' 4 h 4.*« 3 ,h 3 n 2 »; Hildebrand 3-2 7-5
57CC MacGyle a.(C. T.- Boots)-.... 103 ¦ 7 81 018h C2 3h Burns « 8
5C00 Carilee, 6 (Appleby & Co.).. 105 10 9h 8191 6h 4 lftlllaack ..... 2O 20
5t!54 Batldor 4 (W. P. Fine) 1C2 1 1 «« 11 1 1>41 1 5 1 |L. Jackson. 20 5O
5G79 Prestano 5 (E. Tlerney) 100 5 2 V? 2 n 2 1>^4 1 « 2 iFoley 4 11-2
5488 Mesto 4 (R Wilson) 102 3 3 1 3 1 4 11J7 2 7 l»SiLars»n 2«> 4l»
5B7S Snark, « (S. Judge) 110 4> 5n On 6n82 81 |See 10 1.1
5CC7 Resplrltor. a (O. Boesecke).. 97 1111 11 11 9 2 9 4 ICross ;«) KO
6654 Joe John 4 (P. G. Lane) 104| 9 10 lOlrt 4 10 2 10 1 10 2 Bell 20 50
56U0 |Thc Miller, a (G. P. McNeil). .|102| 8 61 7 '4 7 %U 11 |Kunx 3 19-5
Time — ::25>,;. :49U. 1:16. 1:41%. At post 1 minute. Off at 3:58. Leash, place. 6: show. ?..
Moore place 3-5; show. 1-3; MacGyle. show. 8-5. Winner, b. m. by Ducat-Trilby III.
Trained by J. B. Earnshaw. Scratched — Gawaine. Start good. Won first three driv
ing Leash was fortunate. Hildebrand rode Billy Moore about as well as a one-legged
man can walk a high wire. MacGyle showed Improvement. Carilee ran a good race.
• coming from far back. Prestano quit. M g 8 |o_ was _ fancied^ some^ J]f e _ Milltr very dusty.
5710. SIXTH RACE— Six and a half furlongs; eetlin?; 4-year-olds 'and up; to flrat. $323.
Index Horse and Owner. Wt St. V k . 14. %. Str. Fin. | Jockey. | Op. Cl.
5C33 Col. Van 6 (D. S. Fountain). 94 4 ... 2 *4 1 l'il 2 11 JTravers ...{ ft *
5659 Stilteno. 4 (W. B. Jennings).. 102 1 ... 4 n 4 n 4 3 2 1 IJ. Martin... 4 S
5643 Sterl. Towers. 5 (Stockton S.) 100 3 ... 1 n 2 h 2 "i 3 1 jFoley ..... 1.1 20
5693 Soothsayer." 4 (Lamasney). . . 99 10 ... 9 ij ff 5 63 42 LKunz 15 \r>
(StftlVMocorito, a (T. Wellman) 90 2 ... 5 2 5 >i 5 >i 5 2 fLarsen 1 4-R
(554S)lFort Wayne. 4 (A. Ross) 08 « ... 3 >i 3 2 3 2 B8 JHUdebrand' 3 r
|Gondoius/4 (L; Jeuness) 106 5* ... 7 4 7 1^7 n 7 4 Haack eo 10«»
[Kubelic. 4 (McAllister & Co.)|110 8 ... 6 1 6 3 8 15, S »i ) Wonderly . 40 lfo
4.T3:J |Re Happy, a (J. Green> 107| 9 ... 10 10 On 94 [Bell 10O 10O
5f.7S lAbbeystead. 4 (T. E. Jones). .| 961 7 ... 8 n 9 V ; 1Q lu iButler 1QQ
Time — :24 :47V4. 1:12U. 1:19^. At post 4 minutes. Off at 4:26. Van. place. 5-2; nhow,
6-5 Stllicho. place. 7-5; show. 3-5. Towers, show. 3. "Winner, cb. g. by Gllead-
Klt'tlo A Trained by D. S. Fountain. Scratched — Meehanus. Harry Thatcher. Start
good. Won easily. Next two driving. Colonel Van quite apparently has a decided
fancy for light Imposts. He was on the rail from the start. Towers ran his race.
Soothsayer away better would have been a keen contender. Mocorito was cut off on far
turn, but seems shy of speed. Fort Wayne wa« thrown a bone.
If the Two Boxers Are to Meet
Negotiations Must Bo All
Gone Over Again by Bidders
PROMOTERS ARE AT SEA
First race— Seven furlongs; 4-year-olds and
up;' selling: ; '•'¦•¦¦*
5t>42 Myrtle II (Mrs. Hertzell) J»0
. T.M0 'Penance ' (McCarthy) 91
- 5600 Capable ¦-< (Moahier) ....." .T OS
6572 Tom KlnKsley < Winter & Co.) 101
5702 Donator(Mulholland) . .:.. .....7.. ...101
fi704 'Candidate. (Rowell)-. ................ .06
5702 Katie v WaIcott (Kauftman) ...... ....t01
542U ' F. \V. - : Brode , (Lane) . .....;.... .101
', 5462 »Maud > Muller f (Miller) ...... .'. .... . . 91
''. B702 Tonopah i (Schlff) v. . : .101
B678 Tamm (Magrane & Co.) .:..1P4
-' 6570 Honeysuckle '. (Snider) '. ............... 06
_ Baronri race — Six furlonzs: 3-year-olds; purae:
Latonia stakes close on Saturday.
Blanks may be obtained from Presid
ing Judge Hopper.
Acting for a Seattle turfman. Horace
Egbert i purchased Bombardier; from
W. B.* Jennings yesterday. The three
year-old will be entered in the Seattle
Derby.
Caesar .Young lost Little Margaret
al Los Angeles the* other day. She
was ! claimed out of a selling ' race.
Caesar purchased Miss Betty, from
Garnet Ferguson yesterday, .turning
the filly over,; to Eddie. Carey to train.
i ENTRIES FOR TO-DAY.
NOTES OP THE TRACK.
Saul of Tarsus, a 10 to 1 shot, should
have won the first race by himself.
Willie See, however, got the big horse
pocketed and cut off on \ the back
stretch, falling back and losing at least
a dozen lengths. He then made a splen
did run from behind, finishing third.
Sir Preston on this occasion met with
more luck, winning. easily at odds of
5 to 1 from Hilary. Hildebrand on the
'favorite Lustig was sadly messed ;
about/running back in the ruck.
Trainer '-'Bill". Murray, the portly
Sacramentan, thought Puss in Boots a
certainty for the third event, a Futur
ity course run. The filly closed an 11
to 5 favorite and after displaying an
encouraging stanza of speed ran fourth.
Kunz on Nullah, a 15 to 1 shot, came
banging along at the end, downing
Modder a neck. Alice Carey ran into
the show. Bell rated Waterpower to
excellent advantage. -
Leash, a 15 to 1 outsider, captured the
mile selling fixture! Hildebrand rode a
weak finish on the favorite, Billy
Moore, losing by more- than a length
In slow time. MacGyle was third. •¦
Travers must be a far better rider
than Bell, for Colonel, Van did a re
freshing turn in the final six and one
half furlong run. Well backed at 8 to
1, the Colonel made air the pace, scor
ing quite easily ; from Stilichb. Ster
ling Towers, at 20 to 1, ran into the
show. Mocorito, the favorite, lacked
speed, making an indifferent showing
after being slightly bumped on the far
turn. •
SAULi OF TARSUS IS BEST.
Seven started in the $1000 handicap
at one and an eighth miles. Oars
man, assigned top weight, 118 pounds,
and ridden by Otto Wonderly. was
played down to 6 to 5 favoritism.
When sent away by Dick Dwyer Faul
conbridge, a 105-pounder. with Lar
sen' up, went out in front and was
never headed, winning cleverly from
Oarsman by a length in 1:51%, a new
coast record. Leader ran third, only
half a length behind the favorite.
Our Bessie came in for substantial
support, but found the company too
aristocratic.
BETTORS ARE SHOCKED.
A downpour of umbrellas, Chinese
lottery tickets and twenty-dollar
pieces would have caused no more
surprise than the defeat of Prince
Brutus. The slashing youngster was
a 1 to 3 choice for the three and a
half furlong scramble, and if the ef
fort Hildebrand furnished is the best
that rider has to offer the judges
should never permit him to ride an
other race. It was a criminally care
less exhibition. T6 be sure the colt
was inclined to run out on the turn,
a thing he never did before, but this
did not appear to discomfit Hilde
brand. 'even with Marie J nearly two
lengths ahead of him. He took mat
ters leisurely, throwing out the im
pression that he could nab Marie J
whenever desired. At the wire the
latter filly, piloted by Johnny Daly,
scored easily in 41% seconds. This
is the coast record, . but it goes for
nothing and does not explain away
the favorite's showing.
So fast is the track just at present
that a fresh milch cow plated with
roller skates could be shoved along by
a one-armed programme seller and
cover the distance 'in 41%. It is the
city of New York to a Chinese junk
that Prince Brutus can carry a ton
of coal and beat Marie J, and this
race goes for those who argue that
Hildebrand was' too light to do jus
tice to the colt.
Flushed with victory, gained in many
a savage onslaught on the bank rolls of
the unfortunate bookies, big and little
bettors alike were caught in an en
filading fire at Oakland yesterday, and
were fairly riddled.
"When the massacre .of the six favor
ites had been made complete and the
smoke from the battle field had cleared
away, the winnings of the ring were
estimated at 5S0.000. It was one of the
most disastrous innings ever experi
enced on a California track by the so
called talent*
For days and days, many .of the
books have patiently suffered severe
reverses, waiting for the "eagle bird"
to hover near, and at last he came.
Twenty-one- books laid odds and
among the big Avinners were: Joe Yea
ger, $7500; Caesar Young, $7000; Joe
Reagan, $7000; Joe Rose, $3000; Frank
Eckert. $4300; Del Mar Club $2000; Chi
cago Club, $2000; Jimmy Jackson, $2000;
Barney Sehreiber, $500; John Coleman,
$2500; "Silver Bill" Riley, $2500; I. Ham,
$1500; Paul Hoffman, $5000; Henry
Wendt, $2000, and the Eagle- Club $150.
Right in rotation Lustig, Prince Bru
tus, Puss in Boots, Oarsman, Billy
Moore and ' Mocorito were carried off
the field by the ambulance corps. One
dollar parlayed on the first five win
ners, Sir Preston, Marie J., Nullah,
Faulconbridge and Leash, would have
found the fortunate investor endeavor
ing to place $335,920 on Col. Van at S
and 9 to 1. v
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHARTS
Claims It Would Be an Injustice
to Persons Who Wish to
View the Proposed Battle
Conditions Are Such as to Bring Out the Best Qualities of the Dogs
of the Gunmen in the Annual Field Triais — Officers Are Re
elected at the Annual Meeting, Which Is Held at Southern Hotel
fir.. „.,, i j ii j i ¦+* •> Phnirp Beaton
Prince Brutus With Hildebrand Up and a I to 3 unoice
by Marie J, Through a Ride 'That Is Open to Much Criticism.
Falconbridge Defeats Oarsman and Creates a Coast Record
WILL NOT BOX
AT COLMA CLUB
CRACK POINTERS AND SETTERS START
IN ALL -AGE STAKE AT BAKERSFIELD
SIX FAVORITES ARE SLAUGHTERED
AND THE RING CLEANS UP THOUSANDS
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 14, 1901.
YOUNG CORBETT-BRITT MATCH IS DECLARED OFF BY THE CALIFORNIAN
10
' ADVERTISEMENTS.
FIVE CENTS
¦KB WSB9 Ef'3 u3 Imu^I Mb fiul Hj 9 H
BEST SMOKE ON EARTH
ON SALE EVERYWHERE
ADVERTISEMENTS.
i^lti
M m^2 «XHE PAIN ICIISTOir
Those who have ever felt its keen, cutting pains, or witnessed the intense
suffering' of others, know that Rheumatism is torture, and that it is right-
ly called " The King of Pain. "' V' . • .
All do not suffer alike. Some are suddenly seized with the most excrucia-
ting pains; and it seems every muscle and joint in the body was being torn
asunder. Others feel only occasional slight pains for weeks or months, when
a sudden change in the weather or exposure to damp, chilly winds or night
air brings on a fierce attack, lasting for days perhaps, and leaving 'the pa-
tient with a weakened constitution or crippled and deformed for all time.
An acid, polluted condition of the blood is the cause of every form and
variety of Rheumatism, Muscular, Articular, Acute, Chronic; Inflammatory
and Sciatic, and the blood must be purged and purified before there is an
end to your aches and pains. . External applications, the use of liniments and ,
plasters, do much toward temporary relief, but such treatmentdoes not reach
the real cause or cleanse the diseased blood ; but S. S. S., the greatest of all
blood purifiers and tonics, ddes cure Rheumatism by antidoting and _ neutraliz-
ing the poisonous acids and building up the weak and sluggish blood. It is
-, safeand reliable in all formsdf Rheumatism. Itmakea
/^¦^ /^—^ /f-.^ the old acid blood rich, and the pain-tortured mus-
NL^y cles and joints are relieved, the shattered nerves are
hwNi h*wy h^O made strong, and the eziiresystem is invigorated and
**«-^ ***m^ toned up by the use of this great vegetable remedy.
If 3'ou have Rheumatism, write us, and our physicians will furnish with-
out charge any information desired, and we will mail free our book on
Rheumatism. THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO.. ATLANTA, GA.Heat Record Broken in San Diego.
SAN DIEGO, Jan. 13.— The heat rec
ord for January In this city was broken
to-day. Shortly before noon the weather
observer's thermometer recorded a frac
tion over 82 degrees.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, Jan. 13— At 11
o'clock to-night physicians attending
former Governor Bushnell, who was
Btricken with apoplexy Monday, issued
a statement that his condition is very
grave, and they have given up all hope
of his recovery.
Bushncll'8 Doctors Lose Hope.
Husband and Wife Under Arrest.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 13.— D. Mc-
Kinnon and wife of Lincoln were ar
rested in this city to-day and taken to
Lincoln to answer to a charge of bur
glary. They are accused of s having
broken Into a house. and stolen some
tools. The woman admitted she sold
the tools In this city.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Jan. 13.—Geor
gina Hewlttson was to-day committed
for trial for attended murder of her
mother, Mrs. Jane Roberts. Bertha
Robertson, charged with having con
spired with the Hewittson girl to com
mit the murder, was remanded. The
evidence was that -Miss Hewittson, who
is only 14 years of age, put 15 cents'
worth of carbolic acid In her mother's
teapot last night. The mother was
about to drink the poison when she
happened to smell the fumes from the
acid. The Hewittson girl declined to
testify^ against her friend. Miss Rob
ertson, two years her elder, and the
two girls were locked up. Their Idea;
it is said, was to put the old lady out
of the way so that they would be free
from parental restraint.
Puts Quantity of Carbolic Acid in Tea
pot in Hope of Freeing Herself
From Parental Restraint.
YOUNG GIRL IS ACCUSED
OF TRYING TO KILL MOTHER
Musical Tour Proves Unprofitable.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Jan. 13.
The Stanford musical clubs returned
to the university this morning from a
three weeks' concert tour of the
North Pacific Coast. The itinerary of
the musicians included the principal
towns and cities between Stockton,
Cal., and Vancouver, B. C. The va
cation trip was a thorough success in
every way except as regards financial
returns. The total deficit incurred by
the musicians will amount to about
$1000, but the greater part of the loss
will fall on the members of the clubs
themselves and not on the student
body.
House Committee Hears Arguments
on Proposition From Washing
ton's Representatives.
WANT PORT OF ENTRY
CHANGED TO SEATTLE
WASHINGTON, Jan. 13.— The
House Committee on Ways and Means
to-day heard Collector Ide of the port
of Port Townsend, Wash., in favor of
making Seattle the chief port of en
try for Washington. Collector Jar
vis of Alaska was heard in favor of
moving the port for Alaska from Sit
ka to Juneau. Representatives. Cush
man and Jones of Washington oppos
ed the change of the port from Port
Townsend to Seattle and Representa
tive Humphreys of that State favored
the change. Assistant Secretary Arm
strong favored the change on the
ground of administrative economy. No
action was taken by the committee.
Boy Accidentally Shoots Himself:
NAPA, Jan. 13. — While out hunt
ing near Yountville this morning
Johnny Varyieleur, the 10-year-old
son of Supervisor Matt Vandeleur, ac
cidentally shot hlmslf in the arm
while endeavoring to extract a shell
which had become stuck in the breech
of his gun. The entire load of sholr"
entered the arm, shattering the bone
and tearing the flesh so. badly that
amputation was found to be neces
sary. The boy's condition is critical.
Czarina's Condition Not Serious.
ST. PETERSBURG, Jan. 13.— It
was semi-offlcially announced to-day
that the Czarina is suffering slightly
from influenza. Her condition does
not give rise to any alarm.'
SAN JOSE, Jan. 13.— Commencing
next Sunday the evening service will
be held at 5 o'clock instead of 7:30 in
Trinity Episcopal Church. In this de
parture Trinity will occupy a unique
position, as there are few, if any,
churches in the United States whose
evening services are held In the late
afternoon. It is believed that a larger
attendance can be secured at that hour
than later in the evening. In speaking
of the matter a prominent member of
the church said: "We may be able to
catch some of the young people and do
them good before they attend the the
ater on Sunday evening."
Church Changes Hours of Service.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 13. — Postof
fice discontinued January 30: Oregon
— Payne, Clackamas County, mail to
Lents.
Postmasters commissioned: Ore
gon — Allen O. Adams, Cascade Locks.
Washington — Addlson O. Lee, Cun
ningham.
Rural free delivery will be estab
lshed February 15 at Hynes, Los An
geles County. Cal., and Nestor, San
Diego County, Cal.
Army orders — The following exam
ining board will meet at San Fran
cisco: Lieutenant Colonel William H.
Heuer, engineers; Lieutenant Colonel
Thomas Handbury, engineers; Lieu
tenant Colonel George H. Torney, dep
uty surgeon general; Major John
Mills, engineers; First Lieutenant
Charles W. Farr, assistant surgeon.
Captain David Du B. Gillard, gen
eral staff. Is ordered before this board
for examination for promotion. First
Lieutenant William A. Covlngton, ar
tillery corps, is detailed to the signal
corps and will proceed from San
Francisco to Fort Myer, Va.
Washington Departments Issue Orders
for the Postoffice and Army, and
Navy.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
LULL IX RIGHT OF WAY
FIGHT AT GARDEN CITY
Contending Railway Corporations
Await Result of Injunction Pro
ceedings Commenced Tuesday.
SAN JOSE. Jan. 13.— There is a lull
in the controversy between the Inter
urban Railway and the Southern Fa
ciflc Company pending the hearing of
the restraining order issued last night
by Judge Tuttle enjoining the Inter
urban Company from proceeding with
laying a crossing at San Carlos street.
The hearing is set *°r Friday morning.
Senator Louis Oneal, who represents
the Southern Pacific, stated to-day that
the point at issue is that the Interurban
Company had not proceeded in a lawful
manner fo get the right to cross the
Southern Pacific tracks. He thought
the material taken last night by the
Southern Pacific would be returned, as
Vhe railroad had no use for it.
G. I. Battelle. the roadmaster of the
Southern Pacific, who was arrested last
night on a charge of grand larceny for
taking material belonging to the Inter
urban Railway, was arraigned before
Justice Davison to-day. His prelim
inary examination was set for January
21. He is at liberty on $2000 bonds.
The sympathy of many of the people
of San Jose is with the Interurban Rail
way. Ever since the construction of
the mad between San Jose and Sara
toga and Los Gatos obstruction after
obstruction has been placed in its way.
It had no sooner won an injunction suit
on South Market street than the citi
zens on North Market street tried to
etop the road from going down that
thoroughfare. For the past month work
on the road on North Market street has
been tied up because of an injunction
secured by the San Jose and Santa
Clara Electric Railway, which claimed
that the Interurban by refusing to lay
a third rail for it on that street had
violated a contract. This case was sub
mitted for a decision to Judge Tuttle
yesterday. Now the company is again
tied up by the action of the Southern
Pacific at the western limits of the city.
Don't wait for ptorms — get an over
coat now at the clothing clearance sale
at Smith's Cash Store, 25-27 Market «t.»
Vote Confidence in the Directors.
FRESNO, Jan. 13.— A special meeting
of the California raisin growers to-day
voted confidence in the board of di
rectors by a decisive majority. A mo
tion made by Theodore Kearney to cut
prices was voted down.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Jan. 13.
The class of 1904 met in the chapel
this afternoon for the purpose of
nominating the officers who will pre
side over the class during its last
semester at Stanford. While compe
titiop for office is usually very keen
among the seniors in their last elec
tion the only places that will be con
tested this year are the presidency
and vice presidency. The candidates
placed in nomination are: For pres
ident, E. C. Rittenhouse and E. G.
Bena; vice president. Miss Inez Hyatt
and J. T. Cooper; secretary. Miss Al
ice Kimball; treasurer, H. L. Hamil
ton; -sergeant at arms, A. E. Prston.
The election will occur next Wednes
day.
Students Nominate Class Officers.
"The reduction was made because of
a falling off in business and because
our competitors reduced the salaries of
their employes. When business revives
old wages will be restored. The officers
of the company have voluntarily ac
cepted a temporary reduction in
wages."
ST. LOUIS, Jan. 13.— A 10 per cent
reduction has been made in the wages
of the employes of the American Car
and Foundry Company and the salaries
of all officials have also been cut. About
5000 me- are affected. .The company's
headquarters are here, but Its fifteen
plant.; are scattered throughout . the
country. "W. J. McBride, the general
manager, says:
Five Thousand EinpJoyes, Including
High Officials, Are Affected by
the Cut.
ST. LOUIS FIRM MAKES
REDUCTION IN WAGES
ished to find a combination thunder
and snow storm at worl:. .Their burns,
which were quite severe, were dressed
at a nearby house.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 13.— The third
annual State convention of the Build
ing: Trades Council elct>ed at noon to
day, after selecting Los Angeles as the
next place of meeting (and fixing the
second Monday in January as the date.
San Jose made a hant fight for the
convention place up tu this morning,
when its supporters withdrew from the
contest, leaving Los Angeles alone in
the field. Great enthusiasm followed
the selection of Los Angeles as the next
place of meeting.
The label of the Painters* and Dec
orators' Union was adopted and will
be recognized throughout the State.
This action followed the difficulty over
the Acme Theater curtain In Sacra
mento some weeks ago, it being claimed
that it did not bear the, union label, al
though it was said to have been paint
ed by union workmen in San Francisco.
It developed that the trouble was due
to the absence of a label recognized by
union painters in different parts of the
State, and to-day's adoption of an of
ficial label for the craft will prevent
misunderstandings in the future.
Various changes in the by-laws were
proposed and adopted, especially one
regulating the matter of apprentice
ships. Resolutions of appreciation
were passed for the hospitality ex
tended by the Sacramento Building
Trades Council, Mayor Hassett, Sec
retary of State Curry and other citi
zens, and the delegates were unanimous
in declaring the convention was one of
the most profitable heM since the coun
cil was organized. ,.
Special Dispatch to The Call
NEW YORK, Jan. 13.— The Noord
land ordinarily makes the run between
Liverpool and Philadelphia In about
eleven days. Steamers which have ar
rived "during the last few days have
experienced severe gales nearly air the
way across the Atlantic and under the
circumstances the Noordland is now
about two days behind * her regular
schedule.
•PORTLAND, vMe.,> Jan.' 13.— The
¦seamer Cornishman, which arrived to
':day from Liverpool, reports that on
January 2 she sighted, the. Red Star
Line" steamer Nbordland. Liverpool- for
Philadelphia, in a disabled condition.
The Noordlarid was hove to during 'a
.gale and displayed two red llghts,*slg
naling that she was unmanageable.
Owing to the heavy.seas, the Cornish
man lost sight of her. The captain of
the Cornishman said that the Noord
land appeared to be weathering the
gale safely and he believes she must
have made temporary repairs. The
Noordland sailed from Liverpool De
cember 30.
The Supreme Court's decision leaves
undetermined the Question which was
raised as to whether or not the Ha
waiian Legislature had the authority
to establish an elective county govern
ment system.
This decision, which was rendered in
a test case, invalidates the results of
the November election for Supervisors
in the five counties of the Territory.
All of the boards of Supervisors have
held sessions since the 4th inst., and
most of the officials elected have as
sumed c-fflce. An exception is Curtis
Iauuea, Assessor-elect of Oahu County,
whose bond of J150.000 was rejected by
the Supervisors on account of its ille
gality.
Governor Carter is considering the
question of calling an extra session of
the Legislature to remedy the present
conditic-n tff affairs. The Territory is
without appropriations. There is no
provision for the police, as the taxes
for this bureau and many Withers were
intended to be raised by the various
counties.
HONOLULU, Jan. 13.— The Supreme
Court cf the Territory of. Hawaii to
day decided unanimouply that the
county government act. which went
into effect on January 4, is void in
fts entirety. The court declares that
taxation features were illegally incor
porated in the measure and that the
act cannot be made operative without
them.
Representative Baker of New York
offered a resolution looking to the.dis
armament of the armies and navies of
the world. \ This resolution was re
ferred to a committee of five, to be ap
pointed later. The committee will draft
a platform and obtain the signatures
of the members present.
Representative Hitt of Illinois, chair
man of the Committee on Foreign Af
fairs, predicted that the movement for
peace would find enthusiastic favor
"with the people of this country.
He said he believed that the House
would agree to Bartholdfs resolution
when it was explained. It meanCrellef
from jthe great burden of taxation for
supporting armies.
Representative Hepburn of Iowa sup
ported the idea. He said that fully one
fourth of the Federal taxation had been
expended for war. Over 400,000 of the
youth of the country had died in, a sin
gJe war. This war cost in treasure six
billions of dollars and since that time
three and a half billions had been paid
in pensions.
It was decided not to adopt the ex
act language of the Bartholdt, resolu
tion, but to indorse its purpose and au
thorize him to introduce it in the
House.
Thomas Barclay of London, formerly
a member of the English Parliament,
was heard briefly. He explained^ that
the British House of Commons' had
formed a "committee" instead' of a
"group", and suggested the possibility
of sounding the American Congress and
the British Parliament on the subject
of a joint session of the parliamentary
"group" just organized here and the
"committee" of Great Britain to estab
lish even more cordial relations be
tween the two countries.
Bartholdt made the statement that
President Roosevelt was in hearty
favor of the organization of the group.
he said, was the only nation not having
a "group" of parliamentarians affili
ated with the Inter-Parliamentary Un
ion for International Arbitration. This
union, he said, has decided to hold its
twelfth annual conference at St. Louis
during the first week in September
next. It was, he said, not only fitting
but necessary that a group of parlia
mentarians, consisting of Senators and
members of the House of Representa
tives, be organized and to have a reso
lution extending an invitation to the
union and making an appropriation of
$5000 to defray the expenses of the ses
sion agreed to by Congress. The first
business, he said, was to organize a
"group."
On motion of Representative Shafroth
of Colorado the meeting resolved to or
ganize a group.
Bartholdt presented a concurrent
resolution for adoption by the "group"
to be Introduced in Congress. The reso
lution extended the invitation to the
international union to met in this coun
try and made the necessary appoint
ment.
TJie session was called to order by
Representative Bartholdt, who was
elected chairman. The United States,
WASHINGTON, Jan. 13.— An Ameri
can "group" to be affiliated with the
Inter-Parliamentary Union for Inter
national Arbitration was organized to
night at a meeting held In the lobby of
the House of Representatives. About
forty members of the Senate and the
House of Representatives became mem
bers.
VICTORIA..B. C, Jan. 13.— The up
per works of the lost steamer Clallam,
including the main deck, which appears
to have been torn apart from the hull,
with the deckhouses and saloons and
staterooois, is at Sidney, having been
taken there by the United States reve
nue cutter Grant, which took over the
wreckage from the steamer Maude.
On the way to Victoria the Maud?
picked up a body near Trial Island,
which is believed to be that of Colonel
Thompson, a well known Tacoma min
ing man.
At the Coroner's inquest, which com
menced tcr-day, evidence was given by
Edward Lannon of Montana that no
distress signals were made by tha
steamer Clallam. He testified that
about 4 o'clock, an hour after the wom
en and children and those in the boats
with them had been drowned, a steam
er had oassed within a mile of the
sinking vessel, whose fires had already
been put out by the .inrush of water.
No attempt was made to attract the
attention of the vessel. When the tug
Holyoke picked up the Clallam about
10 o'clock a number of passengers ask
ed Captain Roberts to put them on the
tug, but he refused. The sea had gone
down somewhat and the passenjjers
cculd have been transferred. No ore
was taken from the steamer when she
careened and rolled over at the climax,
all who were rescued by the tugs be
ing taken from the water.
The British cruiser Grafton has re
turned from a cruise and reports hav
ing found the botiy of Bruno Liehman,
the customs officer of the Clallam. off
Rare Rocks. Lehman sprang from the
upper deck of the steamer Into a boat
which was filled with passengers, most
ly women and children, and was swept
out with the boat when she swamped
almost immediately afterward.
Resolutions Outlining Details
of Proposition Will Be Pre
sented to the Lower House
Label of Painters' and Decora
tors' Union to Be Recognized
Throughout the Entire Stata
Territory Without Appropria-,
tions, and Special Session
of Legislature May Be Called
Heavy Storm Prevails and
the Disabled Craft Passes
From View in the Darkness
United States Revenue Cutter
Grant Takes Upper Works of
the Lost Vessel to Sidney
SALT LAKE, Jan. .13.— Another r6
markable freak In connection with a
combined snow and thunder storm has
occurred at Park City. In "the . Scot
tish Chief mine two ,men, while ¦ at
work 500 feet under ground,- were
struck by lightning arid badly injured,
though they will recover.
Following an all-day . snow storm'
there was a momentary lull and then
an electrical disturbance of great fury
burst over the Rocky Mountains. Great
flashes of lighting turned night Into
day temporarily and terrific .peals of
thunder were heard. ' .: '
James Malone and John Roberts were ¦
at work on the 500-foot ' level of the
Scottish Chief. . Following en unusually
loud peal of thunder a bolt of light
ning struck the underground track at
the mouth of the tunnel, and, following
the rails, passed In a flash to" where
Malone and Roberts were at work.
Both men received a terrific shock.
Roberts was rendered unconscious. Ma
lone fell to the floor of the tunnel and
both were very badly burned. They
were unaware of the storm and were
under the impression that an explo
sion had occurred in the mine,.
When Roberts had recovered con
sciousness the miners made their way
to the surface and were greatly aston-
Not Knowing of Storm Above
They Are Mystified as to the
Source of Their Injuries
BOTH ARE BADLY BURNED
BY-LAWS
ENGLISH IN SYMPATHY
MORE BODIES RECOVERED
ARE AMENDED
VESSEL IS UN3IAXAGEABLE
LATE ELECTIONS ILLEGAL
Supreme Court Decides That
the County Government Act
Is Void in Its Entirety
Passenger on the Ill-Fated
Steamer Clallam Gives Impor
tant Testimony at Inquest
Steamer Cornishman Reports
Bed. Star Liner Noordland
in Trouble on January 3
Decides to Hold Next Conven
tion of Building Trades at
the City of Los Angeles
Congressmen to Form "Group"
Which Will Affiliate With
inter-Parliamentary Union
Lightning 1 Strikes Two Men
Working Five Hundred Feet
Below the Earth's Surface
NO DISTRESS
SIGNALS SHOWN
STATE COUNCIL
ENDS SESSION
HAWAII'S NEW
LAW INVALID
SIGHTS SHIP
IN DISTRESS
STRONG ALLY
TO ARBITRATION
ELECTRIC BOLT
ENTERS A MINE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 14, 1904:
11
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
If you see a woman or a man with lux-
uriant glossy hair, you may. be sure nei-
ther has dandruff to amount to anything.
In, nearly every case where, women and
men have thin brittle hair, they owe it
to dandruff. There are hundreds of prep-
arations that "claim" to cure dandruff,
¦hg^tint one but Newbro's Herpicide' tells
you that dandruff is the result of a germ
burrowing into the scalp, and that per-
manent cure of . dandruff . and . its . conse-
quent i falling and. baldness, can only be
had by killing the germ; and there Is no
other .preparation that 'will destroy that
germ " but - Newbro's • Herpicide. ; "Destroy
the causo^and. you remove the effect,.'
Sold by leading druggists; Send 10c in
stamps for sample to The Herpicidd Co.,
Detroit," Mich. ¦';, . . ....<¦ .
Zi the Only Possible Way of Having aa
Effective Cure.
TO KILL THE D ANDBtJPr OX2BM.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I FREE TO MEN!
| A Book Full of Facts About |
| rUI ifCdlVlrlcll §
2 I know that no man . remains a weakling because he wants to; I am Q
8 «ure that you. want to overcome every Indication of early decay that has §
S shown itself on you. I don't think the man lives who would not like to S
S feoi as big and strong as a Sandow. and I know that if you have a rea- fi
V sonable foundation to build upon I can make you a bigger man than 8
2 vou fvf-r hoped to be. I want you to know that, you who can't believe Q
it j-nd I want you to have ciy book in which I describe how I learned «
S that Ftreneth was only electricity and how I learned to restore It; also I '&
8 want to tell you the names of some men who will tell you that when they «
8 came to me they were physical wrecks, and are now among the finest «
2 specimens of physical manhood. g
§ A HAPPY MAN. g
2 Dear Sir* Havlnc u««*<5 your famous *leetric belt - for thirty days, I have re-' K
3 o»»ved the rn'atest benefit that a man could «cain— that la health and life. The Jt
8 tir*d. <Je5»ondent teellng ha« rone. I feel the beginning of a new life, and am ever X
O jcur debtor. • W. E. CLARK. S
O P. o. box 4S2. Tucnon. Art*. Js
§ I want vou to read this book and learn the truth about my argu- «
y t ments. If you are not as vigorous as you would like to be, if you have «
X rUeumatic pains, weak kidneys. Icb* of vitality, prostatic troubles, nerv- X
Y ous Bpellp. varicocele or any ailment of that kind that weakens you. it »
» would assure you future happiness if you would look into this method i«J
« of mine. Don't delay it: your~be8t days are slipping by. If you want w
§¦ this book I send it. closely; sealed, free, if you send this ad. Call for X
fr*-c consultation. * ¦ 'O
Hr M C Mrl nno-hlin 906 Market St. I
g Ul* ITl, W» /TlCLraUgllllll, Above Elll^ San FrancUco. %
X Office Houra— S a. m. to S v. m. Sundaye. 10 to 1. : q
g SeetUe Office. 106 Columbia »t.; Loa Angeles. 129 So. Sprinj; «t. ?j>
ISaaHMHHHBUHHBHaaUHMHBHHHBaH
A View of the Great St. Louis Exposition From Yonr Armchair |
. . . ST. LOUIS ... a
World's Fair Portfolio Series g
IN BEAUTIFUL COLORS I §
I — __ : 1 m
PRESERVE THIS SERIES TO BE BOUND IN PORTFOLIO FORM £
Greater San Francisco's Greatest Dally scores S3
again with an entirely new Sunday feature. 3
By an exclusive arrangement, secured at an enor- j™
' mous cost, THE SUN'DAY CALL will be the first to S
issucthe WORLD'S FAIR OFFICIAL ART SERIES, |j
* reproductions In color of the grounds and buildings ?
of the Louisiana Purchase Exposition.- ' U
7 '' '.'"/' , ~ "~~'"~~ ~7T7^ b
- SIACHINERY HALL. §
THE FIRST OF THIS SER IES WILL BE ISSUED |
I SUNDAY, JANUARY 31st | | ¦
The original of that Sunday's Art Supplement Is • 9
the first artistic reproduction showing the arcliltec- jj
tural beauty of the Ivory City, and is selected as one pf
of the best of | the many views submitted, it being the B
object to combine in a limited series the most import- H
ant and interesting features of the St. Louis World's
Fair. > .^ g
The Palace of ( Sfachlnery, representing power, R
force, in reality the pivot on which this immense ex- H
hibition revolves, is the ina neural issue of what will ~
doubtless prove the most Interesting series that was S
ever given free by a publication. g
The main entrance to this building shows a triple B
arcade, with large pavilion in the center. The north ®
front, which is thirteen hundred feet in length, bas an/ §
arcade'of nine arches as a center feature. j^j
Following the classical In nrchitcctnral effect,
there are fonnd several beautiful examples of the Ital- S
ian and Spanish Renaissance styles. The brilliancy of »
color, the realistic scene, with the moving crowds of rj
sightseers, give variety and animation to the picture. 0
Nothing is so universally attractive as power. Men,
animals and nature are most fascinated when, by
its exercise, they, demonstrate possession of cxtraor- g
dlnary power. Admiration . for might and. theydeslre a
to see it in evidence, to feel it and sense it, to remem- • B
ber it and to tell of it, are instinctive . factors with B
men, women and children. This is the keynote to the O
collection and aiTangemcnt of the exhibits hi the 3Ia- 5j
chinery Department— Power. Here are shown the |j
methods and means for creating every variety of ma- a
chinery for the generation, transmission and use of S3
power. 5J
Forty thousand : horses harnessed together and S
pulling! with one mighty concentrated effort convey ¦
the idea of the total power which makes the wheels 51
of this World's Fair go round. The engines, con- El
densers, pumps, moving machinery and accessories B
making up the power plant, which Is the largest ever §
shown at an exhibit, are installed on the main floor H
of 3Iachinery Hall and occupy the entire westerly half • H
of • that .- building — an area of something over 200.000 » a
square feet, or about the size of an ordinary city
block. »
There will doubtless be an unprecedented demand w
for this SERIES. Nearly every one will want to pre- a
' serve them to be bound In PORTFOLIO FORM. U
Make certain ot your getting the full set by giving Q
an advance order. . a
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL I I
GREATER SAN FRANCISCO'S GREATEST PAPER |
L_ : — _ _ — —. : — : — — — — ; — J ¦ n
?;¦¦• '¦:¦:¦ ' . ' ¦ ¦ ¦. ' -' . ¦¦ ¦ . ¦ ¦ -¦ .-.--..;•. .,./.«
ALL TRAIN NEWSBOYS AND . ALL NEWS . fl
DEALERS SELL THE CALL. ¦
ADVERTISEMENTS.
JllCARTEflS
SIGR KlfiBACHI
Positively cured by these
Iiittle Pills.
'. .-Tbejr.also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
j Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
feet remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowst-
aeis, Bad Taste xa the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regtilaifi the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small PHI. Small Dose.
Small Price.
n BU B
EVER^E0\OftRRANTED
' • OCEAN TRAVEL.
T?~>»^. S'earners l*«v# San Fran-
y^Wjs_^^N^ cl«ro as fo!ltm»:
: /2%_ >T}i For Ketrhikan^ TVraneel.
/Wy>CWp35» ZA Junpau. Hatnrs. Skaguay.
I I \lH*7l 1 1 etc - Alaska— 11 a. m.. Jan.
I I \f£J6&A/ / !"• 21. 2ti. o!. Feb. 5.
\*V -\\ * 7 °/ Change to company'* steam-
VJfV^^y ers at Seattle.
' For Victoria. Vancouver,
¦••-.T" Port Townpcnd. Seattle. Ta-
coma. Everett. Whatcom — 11 a. m.. Jan. 16.
21. -tf. 31, Feb. S. Change at Seattle to thla
company' n steamers Ur Alaska and G. N.
' Ry. ; at Seattle or Tacoma to N. P. Ry., at
Vancouver .to C. P. Ry.
. For Eureka (Huxnboldt Bay)— Pomona, t:30
,p; m.. Jan. 17. Zi. 20. Feb. 4; Corona. 1:30 p.
m.. Jan. 14. 20. 20. Feb. 1.
For Los Angeles (vta Port Loa Angeles and
Rcdcndo). San Diego and Santa Barbara —
Santa Rosa. Sundays. 0 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 0 a. m.
For Los Angeles <vla San Pedro and East
San Fedro). Santa Barbara, Santa Cruz, Mon-
terey, Pan Simeon, Cayucos, Port Harford (San
Luis Obisno). -Ventura and Hueneme.
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. Jan. 12. 20. 28. Feb. 5.
Bonita. 0 a. m.. Jan. 16. 24. Feb. 1.
For Knsonada, Magrtatena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata. La Paz. Santa Ro-
salia, Guaymas iMh.i, 10 a. m., 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain folder.
Risht Is reserved to change steamers or s«il-
Inr dates.
TICKET OmCES — * New Montgom-
ery street (Palace Hotel). 10 Market street end
Broadway wharves
Freight office. 10 Market .treet.
C. D. Dl'NANN*. Ceneral Pa.«sen«rer Agent.
10 Market «tr*et, San Francisco.
O. R. & N. CO.
Columbia sails Jan. MS, 23, Feb. 7. 17. 27,
March 0 and 19. Gi-org« \V Elder sails Jan.
13, 23, Feb. -2. 12, 22. March * and 14.. Only
steamship line to PORTLAND, OR., and short
rail line from Portland to all points East.
Through tickets to all points, all rail or steam-
ship and rail, at LOWEST .RATES. Steamer
ticketa include berth and metis. Steamer nai!s
foot ,of Spear st. at 11 a. m. S. F. BOOTH,
Gen. Agt. Pass. Dept., 1 Montgomery »t.: C.
CLIFFORD. Gen. Agt. Frr-lght Dept.. 3 Mont-
gomery st.
AMEBICAH U2TE.
PlTiaoTitli — Cherbourg- — Sonthamptoa.
From New York Saturdays at 9:30 a. m.
8t. Paul Jan. 23|St. Lr>uls» Feb. 6
Philadelphia ...Jan. 30|New York Feb. 13
ATLASTIC TRAITSPOET I.I2TE.
V«w York — London Street.
Min'fka.Jan. 23. 9 ami Min'haha.Feb. 6. 9 am
Marq'tte.Jan. 30. U ami Mln" pel is. Feb. tt, 3 pm
Only First-class Passensers Carried.
soaronoN uste.
Portland — Liverpool — Short sea passage.
| Canada Feb. 6j Canada Mar. 12
Dominion Feb 27) Vancouver Mar. 28
HOLLAND -AMERICA LIJTE.
New Twin-screw Steamers of 12.500 Tons.
New Yori — Rotterdam, Via BonloffB*.
Sailing Tuesday at 10 a. m.
•Anmterdam ...Jan. 2C tSloterdyk Feb. \9
Rotterdam Feb. 2 Statendam Feb. 23
•Steerage only. ! tFreleht only.
BED STAB LINE.
New York — Antwerp— Paris.
Krn'ld.Jan.23. 10:.!0am| Flnld.Feh. B. 10:30 am
Zeel'd.Jan.3O. lO.r.O am! Vadrd.Feh.lS. 10:30am
WHITS STAB LXHTE.
New Ycrk — Qneeastown — Liverpool.
Sailing Wednesdays and Fridays.
Cedric ...Jan. 27. noorj Celtic. ..Feb. 17. 6 am
MaJestic.Feb. 3. 10 am Cedric. .Feb. 24, 11 am
Oceanlc.Feb. 10. 1 pml Majestic. Mar. 2. 10 am
I • Boston— Qneenstown — Liverpool.
Cymric Jan. 21. Feb. IS. Mar. 17
Cretlc Feb. 4. Mar. 3. Mar. -31
BOSTON MEDITERRANEAN SSBVXCS.
Azores, Gibraltar, Naples, Genoa.
ROMANIC Feb. 27. Apl 0. May 1*
CANOPIC Jan. 30. Mar. 12
ItnPVBLIC (new) Feb. 13. Mar.-M
C. D. TAYLOR, Passenger Agent Pacific Coast.
21 Post St.. San Francisco.
1YJ L^V^ZOREsT CIB» ALTAr7*^1 Ai
YdrktZlcXS. MARSEILLES. G£XQa7%\ 9
ififiAPVLS fr ALEXANDRIA tCTPT.^J
ROMANIC". Jan. 16, Feb. ZT, ApL 9
CANOPIC Jan. 30. Mar. 12
REPUBLIC (new) Feb. 13, Mar. 20
(Send for rates and illustrated bucklet.)
*"• These steamers are the largest in th«
Mediterranean service.
First c'.ass. $63 upward.
Boston to Liverpool Cn . Jitow»
CYMRIC: ....Jan. 21. Feb. 19. Mar. 17
CRETIC Feb. 4. Mar. X Mar. 31
First class. *6O and $«53 up-»mrd. aceord-
Ine ti> steamer. For plans, etc.. address
5 WHITE STAR LINE. 77-81 State St..
Bc»ton. or to C. D. TAYLOR. 21 Po»t st.
TOYO RISEN KAISHA,
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP COA
Steamers will leave wharf. rn S^J^ * nd
Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.. for YOKOHAMA
and Hongkong, calling at Kobe t Hirgo). gag*;
»akl and Shanghai, and connec»Jng at Hong-
kong with steamers for India, etc. No cargo
received on hoard on day of sailing. «
S. S. AMERICA MARL'.;. WW".«a*
y. ..;.• Monday. January 23. -100*.
8. S. HONOKONO MARU ;i",«,.
Wednesday. February 17. 19O*
S. S. NIPPON -MAKU ••¦'•¦.•;v 1 .^
Tuesday. March 13. 1304
Via Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at reduced
rate* For freUht and passase apply at Com-
pany's offlce. »21 Market street. Comer First.
-W. Hr AVERT, General Ag>nt.
* «* SONOM \ for Honolulu. Samoa, Auck-
land am! SvJney. TJiursdav. Jan. 21. 2 p. m.
S I ALAMEDA. for HonolBhi. Jan. 30. 11 a.m.
8. S. MARIPOSA. for Tanltl. Feb. 11. 1004.
ii!iriEmtiiBnJ.o^«cti..'ncwafl!».543Birtj!a
fnSHt«Ba.J2J R»wa..fjer Ic 7.faafie tl
C0MPA6HIS 6E5B1AL? TXA»3ATLA!rnW3-
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. ./£&.
Saillns ev-ry Thursday instead of
Saturday, at 1O a. m.. from Pier 42. —-<«"«-
North Ri*er. foot of Morton street. .
First class to Havre. *TO and upward. Sec-
ond cla«» to Havre. J43 and upward. CEX-
?"ral Iagenct for. united states and
C\NAD\ 32 Broadway (Hudson BuilJlns').
New Ycrk. J. F. FUGAZ1 * CO.. Pacific Coast
1 5 Montgomery avenue. Pan FrancUco.
i Tickets >«old by all Railroad Ttcke; Airents.
Mare Island and Vallejo Steamers. -^
* Steamer GEN. Fltisnin or MONTICELLO—
(l:4V a. m.. 3:lSand S:"0 p. m., except Sunday.
Sun-lay. 9:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leafe Vallej'%
7 a m.." 12:30 and 6 p. m.. et. Sunday. Sun-
day, 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Fare. 50 eenw. Tel.
Mam I50S. Pier 2. Misaion-st. dock. HATCH
BROS.THE" SAN FRANCISCO GALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 11, 1904.
12
DENTISTS.'
DK. GRUSS. 6O4-3-« Callaghan bldgTT^ilarket
and McAllister sts.. uses the Basford Obtun.
¦ <l«r; the onl> device ev«r Invented tor grind-
ing, drilling and excavating teeth without
pain. For demonstration call at rtnee.
DR. LUELUM HILL. 144T Market nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
' made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from %H per set; extracting 50c ; gas giyea. .
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
«7n:ianted 20 yrs.: crown. $3 50; fillings. 50c:
plates.' JS: fall set: all work painless and wax-
¦ ranted. .Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush—
Set teeth $1 00 up: crowns $2 up; fillings 25c.
GOLD fillings. 75c; silver. .35c: cniwna, S2; no
pain; open Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hewltt.2C4 Sutter.
A. ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon dentist.
room 14 Phelnn bulldlnr Pan 'Francisco.
. EMPLOYMENT OFFICBS.
GlET^c^hTlrTaTpiNE JAPANESE EMPLOY-
MENT OFFICE and Housecleaning Co.. 1333
Pine. nr. Jap. M. E. Church: phone Polk 3C68.
GEORGE AOKI. 421 Post tt.: tel. Bush 135 —
Japanese-Chinese employment office: fur-
. nlsh" best help: contracts. for. farm help, etc.
A— ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese-
Chin* *e help. 428 Powell. Tel. .Main 5732.
A— GRAND Japanese-Chinese Erap. Office. 413
Stockton: tel. Grant 16S: expert, reliable help.
SWEDISH and German Female Employment
Office. 115 Franklin st.: phone Folsom 2S38.
RELIABLE- Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
'flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 5183.
CHINESE and Japanese help;estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1907. BRADLEY iL CO.. <U0 Clar.
EMfLOYME XT WAXTED— FEMALE.
YOUNG American widow, just from the East,
desires position as housekeeper, or would take
charge of hotel or boarding-house in-some
mining town or camp, city cr country; horne
• more of an object than wages. Address, with
,, stamp. MRS. DELIA Z. DOMINGO, P. O.
__lockbox 2013. San_ Francisco. Cal.
LADIES' ' tailor, suit and ctoakmaker and
' dressmaker: rood cutter and fitter; only
' first-c!ass 'work done at home, or few more
engagements per day in families. E. C
BARSS. 127 Hyde St.: tel. Sutter 3631.
COMPETENT stenographer and typewriter; 5
years' experience: best references; salary
' moderate. Box 261, Call office^
GERMAN and American cook wishes posi-
tion in private family; city or vicinity;
wages $30 to $33: car fare. 644 Pine:st.
A FIRST-CLASS laundress with a daughter
•wants to take c.ire of a house; wages no ob-
' Ject. Box 372, Call office. • •
' ' ______ _______
GOOD Iaundres3 wants work by the day; $1 23
a day: no postals ' answered. 566 Minna st.,.
' near t?evanth. - • _
A YOUNG girl to assist In light housework and
care of baby. Call at 1324 Harrison st.. near
Tenth. . .
DRESSMAKER, experienced, wishes some en-
gagements . in families by the day: $150.
Phone Capp 3C0C. Address 239 Prospect ave.
GIRL wishes a place to do cooking; wages $3o.
Call 1712 Hyde st.. near Broadway.
COMPETENT woman wants housework, wash.
Ing and ironing. Inquire 19 Sixth st.. city.
A SWEDISH lady would like a position as a
gooc cook and for. housework In a small
family; no washing or window cleaning;
.. wages $30; " 10 years' references. Call at
263A - Octavia st.. corner Oak.
YOUNG' lady, thoroughly competent and experi-
: enced t stenographer ¦ and typewriter, accua-
¦ tomed to law. Insurance and bank work, de-
sires position in or out of city; highest refer-
ences. Box 314, Call office.
TOU^IG French 'girl wants position' In private
1J family; Mil teach children French, wait on
7 table or be chamber maid; can do embroidery
"work. 1B04 Point Loboa ave.- "
A YOUNG German girl deslre3 situation to care
for children. • T31 Turk st.
CI.AIRVOYAVTS. j
A — Call at Once and Save $2.
My Regular $3 P.eading This Week for ' '
$1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 *1
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE.
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever in San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge if 1 fail to tell your name, oc-
cupation and what you called for; I promise to
tell you whether husband, wife of sweetheart Is
true or false: tell you who and when you will
marry, in fact. I will tell you ev>ry hope, fear
or ambition better than you can tell yourself;
he restores lost affections, reunites the separat-
ed, causes epeedy and happy marriage; makes
you successful and prosperous; cures disease
and lost vitality: 10 a.m. to 8 p.m.: Sun.. 2 to «.
326 O'Farrell st.- r 326.
MME. M. BERNARD, . . THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third St.. next' Examiner
bldg.: she reads your life correctly. • gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur In the future; if you are in trouble,
di^ct.i if-nted 01 not >«iisne,d with life, or
li;iv<5 domestic, love or business troubles, con-
Fult this great medium and. you will b? told
how to overcome them; va'jalile advice In all
affairs of life; 25c up: satisfaction guaran-
teed; readings by mall. Tel. Black 43tS>. '".
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, "clairvoyant and
palmist.' permanently located at HOI Market
St., cor. Turk; private readings dally, 10 a.
m. to 5 p. ra.; readings by mall as satisfac-
tory as In person; 3 questions. answered, $1;
1 full life. $5: send lock of hair, date of year
1 of birth; don't send currency: send postofflce,
. Wtlls-Fargo money order or registered letter.
MME. MARCELLA.Just returned from TjT-
tendt-d tour, reads past, present and future
by ancient Egyptian egg method and Le. Nor-
mand rarde; fee, $1. 1613 Lyon St.. bet.
Bush and Pine; phone Geary, 2C57. . ;
MRP. VIENA, wonderful trance medium and
card' reader; - three questions answered free.
Room 1, 406 Geary 8t.. near" Mason.
MRS. A. H. KRONEN BERG, palmist, clalr-
voyent. card reader: when others fall try me;
good reading 10c. 721 Franklin... nr.-Q. Q. ave.
A— Mme. Ravenna read* life, business advice;
names given; 25c up. 5 4th St.. near Market.
MRS. WYZAN, clairvoyant card reader: names;
25c; satisfaction. IOCS Harrison' St., nr. 6lh.
OLDEST lady palmist and card'reader in-city.
2H^ Kearny. room 20; ladies. 25c; gents, 50c.
MISS "WARD, removed to 017 Market, ra. 11-12;
gives names, dates, facts. Hours 11 to 0 p.m.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader, re,-
moved from 132 Bth to 23»4 6th; la.- 25c ;g. 50c
MISS ZEMDAR. ycung gifted clalr. and palm. :
names; L. 00c, G $1. 714 FVanklin.nr.G.G.ave.
MME. MARSEAU. "card reader; ladies. 23c;
gents, 80c. 545 Minna st. •
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader: slt-
tlngs dally. 44S»4 Jessie st.. bet. 5th and 6th.
CARPETnEATIXG AXD .'. CLEAMNO.
A1H now . universally used In cleaning carpets
on fioor. without removal: price moderate.
S. F. Compressed Air Cleaning Co.. Call
building. Phone Main 5237.'
WHEN you become disgusted with your wjrlr
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 855-357 . Tehama. st. : tel. South 40. '
TRY - Hopke ' Bros. ; carpet beating; matt— ssss
made over. 1432 Howard: tel. South 21ft.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1800 Har-
rison st.; Al cleaning: 3c: tel. Mission 22*. j
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Ca. 402 Sutter St.: !
- tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM * CO.. Prop*, j
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works;prlees 1
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st.: tel. Mission 2O. '¦
CONKLIN'8 Superior 'Carpet-beating Worlta.
333 Golden Gat» ave. : telephone > East 129. - ¦
lHtKSSMAKKKS AND SEAMSTRESSES
Accordion, sunburst & knife plaiting; double
stamps on dress linings. Stewart's button A
buttonhole factory, 110 Taylor; tel.Folsom 2121
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School— I
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. 1019 Mku I
LODC 1 \G H PI? S ES F OR SALE—Con.
cTTsTTunkley! puossIai^t^t^
llCIO Market St.. Opp Fifth st.
' Former patrons my best references.
Reliable d'.alintf. Kasy terms. ¦ Clear titles.
Country correspondence promptly answered.
12 rooms; California St.; rent $50; a snap.^.Vt
31 rooms; Fourth and Market: a Rift.. 51500
10 rooms; Gearytst. ; clears $40; rent $28.$".OO
24 rooms; I>»avemvorth St.: speculation. $1000
10 rooms; Bush st. ; rent S'J7 50; only... $450
:!2 rooms; Market- St.; 5 years' lease. .. .$2oOU
16 rooms: hoarding; offer wanted $000
17 rooms; rent $45; clears $(J0. jfiftO
100 rooms; grand sunny corner $7000
40 rooms:' Van Ness ave.. worth $3000.. $1500
!» rooms; cheerful and homelike $173
18 rooms: 0 unfurnished: rent $45. $500
35 rooms: transient; lease. $1500
20 rooms :• lease ; electric lights.. $ff50
8 rooms; Post Ft. ; rent $."!2; only. $250
SNAP— 9 rooms: nicely furnished: rent $40;
a gift at $175. .HINKLEY. 102O MARKET.
OPPORTUNITY — Sti rooms; newly furnished
rooms;' lease,; will exchange for ranch or
business of any kind.
. HINKLEY, 1020 MARKET.
A— CALIFORNIA INVESTMENT CO.
Phone Black <S»01.-' 777 Vi Market st.
BANK ¦ REFERENCES."
Any Iloune Sold on Easy Terms.
BUYERS' GUIDE; Bring This Ad With You
ROME OF OUR SPECIAL BARGAINS:
S room*; well furnished; lease; rent $8. $•*$<*>
. 8 rooms: well furnished: rent $17 50.. $300
(S-rocm flat: fine; rent $2«> 50 $350
11 rooms; Fourth st. : rent $30... oOO
Ki rooms; nicely furnished: grand loca-
tion; lease:. low rent; clears $30O mo. ; S.'iOOO
cash, -balance »>asy terms: old-pstabllshed
house. CALIFORNIA INVESTMENT CO.
777V» Market *t. _*_]
FOR SALE—A BOARDING-HOj'SE: MEDIUM
SIZE: ELEGANTLY FURNISHED; LOCA-
TION BEST IN THE CITY: LEASE:
OWNER LEAVING TOWN." BOX 2856.
CALL OFFICE. -- - .. -
A — LODGING house. 46 rooms, within 1 block
of Market st. and near theaters: rent *115
per ipenth. 'With Irase; will sell for $3200;
all or part cash. Address box 200, Call office.
SPIRITUALISM.'.
REMOVED TO 310 ELLIS ST.
< CASHMIRE. the Wizard of the Orient.
. Soirltual Adviser Adept.
A— $1- THIS WEEK $1-
Wcnderful, bewildering, is the work of
Cashmire, peer of all clairvoyants; her read-
ings are a 'revelation; advice on love, mar-
miage, courtshiD, business, • mines; reunites
the separated ; gives secret power to control
any one in 21 daye; removes evil Influences:
develops mediums; locates hidden treasure;
gives names, dates, facts; readings by mail.
MRS. DR. MARTIN wonderful Fplrltual heal-
er and business medium: mining a specialty;
advice I guarantee on all business proposi-
tions to be successful. My .wonderful mag-
net will bring reconciliation and lasting peace
¦ with' the one you love; readings by mail most
satisfactory. J2: readings dally. $1: develop-
ing class Thursday. 8 p.m. 502 Eddy st.
PROF. Fred P. Evans, noted peychic for slate-
writing and clairvoyance; stamp for circular.
1112 Eddy st.. nr. Octavia: phane Scott SS7.
MRS. REYNOLDS: materializing Eeance
Thursday eve. 32S Elliq st. ; 5Cc. ,
C. V. MILLER'S materializing seance to-night,
8 o'clock; $1. 1CS4 Bush at. . - ' .
MRS. LESTER, test and business medium:
circle to-night. 10c; readings dally. 142 6th.
KATIE HEUSSMANN'S circle Friday eve..
• 25c: sit/ daliy. 1QQQ Harrison; tel. Mint 907.
EDWARD EARLE. "10.12 Ellis, readings dally.
8:3tO to 4: >~nct»* Sunday and Thursday, j^.
COLLECTION OFFICES;
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. 1 PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO. 415 i Montgomery, rooms P-10: tel. B588.
* ' ;' ' CPEES KUPTUBE. ' '
WHO DOES IT? HUNTER. ¦ 1208 Market St.
Send for circular. Why will you suffer?.
EMPLOYMEST WANTED FEMAl^B.
WANTED— In small family, by a person who
Is good plain cook; understands mailng good
bread and paatry; wages reasonable. Call at
£18 California st.. flat A.
A HOUSEKEEPER wants situation to elderly
oupl*or invalid; willing to go south; respect-
able and highest references. Address box
3QB5. Call office.
AMERICAN woman wishes housekeeper's posi-
tion cr cook on ranch: neat and reliable.
MRS. FAIRBANKS. Cotati. Sonoma County.
GERMAN lady wishes position as housekeeper
in small reBned family, elaerly cousle or
lady. Box 345. Call.
A- YOUNG girl wishes position as second girl
or waitress in small family; not much, ex-
perience. 934 Union st.
YOUNG lady wishes a position as cook and
general housework; $30 per month. Call at
2K> Rite* st.
YOUNG woman wishes work by day, washing,
ironing or housecleanlng; $1 SO. 1 Mission
court. _____
LADY and son wish position manage rooming-
house; experienced. Phone Page 'J241.
WOMAN wants to do general housework. 410
Harrison st. _
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions rece-lTed at
Call Branch Office, cor. Duncan & Church sta.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for Th»
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. CS McAlllstsr st.
EMPLOYSIEXT WANTED— MALES.
CHEFTflrst class, for family hotel, wishes sit-
uation; city or country; best of references:
splendid cook. J. F. CROSETT & CO... 623
Sacramento st.
CHEMIST manufacturing extracts, syrupa,
medicines, sauces. Inks and all grocers' sun-
dries desires position; have had more than 1^
years* experience. Box 297. Call. "
ENGINEER wants situation: unders tan 3s
steam plant ami electrical work; all kinds
of work around building; 4 years in last posi-
tion. Box 302. Call office. .
PRINTER — An all-round, reliable printer wants
a situation in the country. Address F.
STEWART. 702 Eleventh St.. Oakland. Cal.
STEADY, energetic man wants position as
salesman or collector; also understands book-
keeping; good references. Box 3C1. Call.
FIREMAN (boiler) wants position; experience!
with fuel oil or coal; references. Box 434,
Call office. 0
WANTED — Situation as coachman, car* of
horses or other work: city or out; refer-
ences. Box OCtf. Call office.
BOY 17 years old wishes situation driving light
delivery: wagon. Address 254 Minna st.
SITUATION wanted as clerk in hotel: can give
bond if necessary- Address box 363. Call. •
YOUNG man wants work of any kind for few
months; small wages. Box 342. Call office.
CARPENTER— Experienced in hotel; good on
furniture. Address box 370, Call office.
CHEMIST manufacturing extracts, syrups,
medicines, sauces, inks and all grocers' an 1
confectioners' sundries, deaires position; hav«
had more than 1' years' experience. Address
box 297. Call office.
STRICTLY temperate reliable young marrted
man want* eroDloyment as collector with a
good reliable house: will . give bond if re-
quired. Box 2CH. Call.
I UNDERSTAND bookkeeping and Typewriting;
also generat pfflce work: am competent and
reliable: I desire a permanent office position.
Box 316. Call office. ____
POSITION wanted— A reliable married man:
understands care of horses, carriages ant
harness and can milk; wife good cook and
laundress; references. S. D.. 77 Ninth st.
STRICTLY temperate reliable man wants em-
ployment as collector or llxht outside work;
salary moderate: win give bond it required.
Bex 894. Call office, Oakland.
RELIABLE coachman wishes a position: thor-
oughly understands care of horses, carrlag-s
and harness: general man around place, good
reference. W. P.. 77 Ninth st.
YOUNG man desire* clerical position in San
Francisco wholesale house: has had experi-
ence in- offices of wholesala grocery houses;
references. Box 3039. Call.
MAN and wife with one child would like posi-
tion In country. Inquire MR. BALDINI.
3915 Gold st.. Oakland.
WANTED — Position as hotel clerk or bur-
tender by Krst-clai-* man. with best of ref-
erences; city or country. Box U55. Call.
STABLEMAN, experienced, temperate and re-
liable, wants situation In non-union stable;
references. Box 25H, Call.
FLORIST and gardener wishes situation In
store, nursery or private place; city or coun-
try. Box 333. Call.
A FIRST-CLASS baker wants a situation la
the country; please state wages. Box 33i.
Call office.
WANTED — A steady place on ranch by strong
boy. 16; can milk; wlillnz to worlc: stat^
wages. Address S. A. CORKY. 33 Shipley st.
STRONG and willing young man. 21. wishes a
position as plumber's helper. Box 346. Cali.
FIRST-CLAPS barber wants situation in the)
country. Bex 341. Call office.
A FIRST-CLASS chef wants position: th« very
best references at hand. Box 332, Call office.
BUTLER wishes situation In good steady place-
Is steady and reliable. Box 43S. Call office.
COACHMAN or useful man wants a Job; best
references. T. B., 441 Jessie st.
ENGINEER and electrician desires position;
extensive experience. M. E.. 001 Powell st.
A JAPANESE high school student wants a
position as school boy; plain cook or waiter.
«2 week. SAKA. 1224 Golden Gate ave.
JAPANESE: neat youne schoolboy desir— p<v-
sltlon In private family; can soeak an.l
write good English. NISHIO. 1527 Pine gt.
EDUCATIONAL.
ATRES. the leading business college 723 Mar-*
ket st.: established IS • years: Ufa scholar-
ship. $50: bookkeeping, shorthand, much typ-
ing, arithmetic, spelling etc. : positions v-
cur«d: th* college refurnished wttl» new
typewriters and furniture Jan. 1. Catalogue
free.
NEW juvenll- department of the Paul Gerson
Sc'.iool of Acting now open; applicants re-
ceived from « to 12 years of age; Misa Lillian
Musclo, prinelpil; exceptional advantages -
largest school of the kind In th« West: senil
for catalogue. Native Sops' Hall. 414 Mason.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE 24 POST. S.
F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, "touch typing,
languages, telegraphy. English branches; ear
and night sessions; illustrated catalogue free.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 305 Larkin stT
"A thorough school": positions secured for
graduates; modern methods: Individual In-
struction. Writs for Illustrated catalogue.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the university, law and medical colleges;
re/.. President Jordan or any Stanford profes-
sor: day and evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
HINMAN'S Academy: a thorough school oC
dancing: established SO years. 1412 Polk «t .
between Pine and California: both adult and
children's classes are now open for the season.
ADVANCED French classes Monday. Wednes-
day, Friday, 11 o'clock; elementary cour*a
will begin January 15 at 10 o'clock; (2 month;
simplest method. 428 Sutter st.
- ' 11,
A LARGER and better school than ever; enter
at once if you d«stre a good position: Gregg
shorthand. Ellis bookkeeping. S. F. Bus
College. 12T.6 Market m\.
HEALD'S School of Mines * Electricity. 24 Past
tt. S. F. ; a practical school ot engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. mln.. mech. ,ur-^
,vey, assay, cyanide: day. ev.: eat. 1S«» * Vaa
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall
e¥. JOSEPH'S ACADEMY. Peratt* ParvT
Berkeley. . boarding school for boys under ia!
1 BRO. OENEBERN. Director.
DANCIXG Tuesday. Thursday, Saturday Sun-
day evgs.. Teutonia Hall. Howard st ' near
Pth. Prof. Foster; society dancing taught.
BANJO.' mandolin and guitar thoroughly
taught: orchestra practice. 4«2 Geary st.
SPANISH.Krench.etc.Prof.DeFilippe'»\cad.mv
of language.320 Post ; estab'd 1371 ; a bleat prof s.
SPANISH; nulck method; daily lessons- $1 a
week; 4 *o 9 p. m. Room 42. Parrott bidg?
PIANO lessons. 25c half hour. MRS PECK
experienced teacher. 1013 Mission, nr. Sixth!
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION. . . Day and
PARTTNGTOX'g. 424 Pine ,t. . ..Night c-ast.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar. w rUln*
etc.; day or eve. : «3 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 8t£
~ACIA_ MASS— Qg.
A— WRINKLES removed: fine complexion guar-
anteed: new method: 50c. M. LITTON mantl
curing priors. 764 Larkin at.: phone PolkTT.
FEATHER. RENOVATING.
BT new. healthful process. Cal. 3tsa«n r#«»h..
Co.. 325 Van N*» 8 »v,. ; te ». aggg fff "
nancui Agent. 322 Emma^pr£2E Wd_
JOSH P. EPErcgELS,. Proprietor.
Lints Cczmmicaiois :o J03i' EcHAGGHT, Kansgsr
\V. J. MARTIN Business Manager
TELEPHONE.
Ark for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
nect You Witb the Department You Wish.
Publication Office Market and Third. 6. F.
Editorial Kcoms 217 to 221 SteveiiEon st.
Delivered by Carrier?. 20 Ctf. Per Week. 75
Cts. Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cents.
Terms fcy Mail, Inc'.uding Postage iCash ltn
Order): „
DAILY CALL <!nclud. Sunday). 1 year.. .$ S.oo
DAILY CALL (Includ. Sunday). 0 mos •£»«
DAILY CALL— By t^lr.gle Month «y=
SUNDAY CALL, 1 Year „•• "5
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Year '±"Vi£i£
( Dai!v $fi 80 Per Tear Extra
FOREIGN Jgurday 4 15 Per Year Kxtra
POSTAGE. [weekly."'. 1.<X> Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Cample Copies will be forwarded wnen re-
quested. . .
Mail subscribers in ordering change of aa-
dre*s ehould be particular to give both
AND OLD ADDRESS in order to B"» «
prompt and correct compliance with tneir re-
gassL
OAKLAND OFFICE. ' . ,„.
1118 Broadway Telephone Main 10S3
BERKELEY OFFICE. , _.
tliS Center Etreet Telephone North . <
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
JIORTOX E. CRANE HOC G Street, N. W.
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano. 31
Tcion Square; Murray Hill Hotel; Fiftfl-ave-
t« Hotel snd Hoffmen House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Fherman Hou»?: P. O. News Co.: oreat
Northern Hotel; Tremont House: Auditorium
Hctel; Palmer Hcuse.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KP.OGNESS...Marquette < BuI.a.ng
(Long Distance Telephone. 'Central 2bl9, >
NEW YORK REPRESENT ATIVE :
STEPHEN B. SMITH 3u Tribur.e Building
' NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON ..Herald Square
BCSXXESS OFFICE cf the Stn Francisco
Call, corner Market and Third ftreets: open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES'.
S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay: open un-
til 0:30 r>. m.
800 Hayes street; open until »:30 p. m.
«39 MrAJlist-r street; rpen until 9:'M P- nx
«15 L«rkin strett: open ur.ti! 9 '.30 p. m.
1941 Mission street: cpen until 10 p. m.
S2C1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open un-
til 9 n. m.
J06 Eleventh Ftr*et: cpen urtH 9 p. m.
1C»<5 Valencia street; oj'en until 0 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets;
open tir.til 9 n. m.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky Ftreets: rpen until 9 P. rn.
*20« Flllmore street: own untM 0 »¦ rn.
' '* - - - - J
MKBTUEG %OTICF.S.
A BPECIAL m«-tins of fan [*55B]
FrsnclFcn «"on«i«torv No. J. A. lg*r
Rlld A. ?. Kite. »UI be held in fg^SKLja
rommandery Hall. Maa.mic raHEggHM
Temple. THURSDAY KVl: ¦ [FeSEST*
January 14. l«0t at 7:.:< LJ •"«*¦* I*
o'cl-x-k Reeepti'»n of petitions. raRfc
HENRY liUKNER.
Registrar.
A~REGILAR meettaS of Ycrba Bue.ia jl
Lodge of res-f'ctinn No. 1. A. and M\
A. .SeoitiFh Hlte «f Freemasynry. /£>
will !«> hria in Commandery Hall, « -J
IXG. January U, VMH. at S «£***£ /ESS?
.and,. V'-^^-l-^g^jt^
DAY) EVENING. 7:.i<> o'clock. M. /VA
M. decree. B» ordT f( the H. I'-
JNO. P.. H1LLMAN. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lodce No. 1. F. and A. ®
M.. will meet THIS (THURSDAY) >ftf
KVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. First />r>
degree.
FRANKLIN II. DAT. Secretary
COUTH San Francisco I/Odrrc Ni. 212. O
F. and A. M.. :ji<vts THIS (TUCBS- W
DAY) EVENING, at 7:-i* o'clock. /\f\
for instrurticn. I?y order of the
ma.—.er. K. C. HARE. Secretary.
POBIC Lodge No. !<;. F. ar.d A. M— Q
Kfrvt desree. THIS (THUBSDAiT) Vy
1:V1;NING. at 7:30 o'clock. Uarai
*>r» cordially invited. V,y order of
the master.
J. R. GOLDSMITH. Secretary!
STARR KING I^od^e Xo. "H, V. and m
A. M.— Second J. :rree Tills EVEN- X/v
IXC. at 7 r.rl.«-k. • Master Masons /^T\
•¦orOia'ly invited. By of the .
W. M. A. A. AXDiCUSOX. Secretary.
PRESIDIO L^c No. 254. F. ami ~J<. «
M.— Flr>t rf gr.»e THIS iTIIUKS- VV
UAV; EVENING. 7:30 o'clock. ,^^v
B. L. HKSSfcM.TlNE. gecrcUrr-
CO I DENTAL Ix.de*> _Vo. 17:». t . 1V »^^7
O. O. ! -Installation of officer? 4tEEB«Sk
THIS (THCRSDAt) KVEX1XO.
Members are roijut-Ktod to Httenii. "^USerB^;
Visitors InvftMt O. K. DAVIS, N. (J.
K. >S. tt'ISWELL, R. H.
THE San Francisco Fc«tti*h Th1st!« N *r> v,
<1ub mroi* THIS (THURSDAY) 3\i Ot^i
EVENING, Fraternity Hall. 32
OFarrrll el., at K o'clock. In- y^5?^
i-'. allati<m of officers and election of samee
and finance fommittp*»s.
GCORGB \V. MILLER. Royal Chief.
GEORGE \Y. I'ATKUSON. Recorder.
GEOGRAPHICAL Society ol the Pacifle^Aiv
nual meeting laatutry i:», at « p. m.. in the
tlibrarv <f th»- pxl'ty. 4U) raliromla si..
ro«im •£>. «;E«». DAVIDSON. I'resident.
JOHN PARTRIDGK. Secretary.
STOCKHOLDERS' M EETlNG~Aiinut I »— To
the Stockholders of the Oceanic Steamship
Cempcny— Please take notice that the an-
T.ual meettr.p of the MockhoJders of the
Oceanic Steamship Company will be held at
the principal office of the company (I. e..
S27 Market *t.. room 4. second floor) In
the ejtjr and county of San Francisco. State
cf California, on T'-URSDAY the 2lst day
cf Jiruary, A. D. 1304. nt II o'clock a. m.,
for the. purpose of electing »1irectors and for
the trar.ractlcn of such other business as
tr.sy properly come before the meeting. The
stock transfer books cf 'he company will be
c!cs«"l ten «10t days prior lo said day of
meeting. By order of the Board of Directors
H. W. THOMAS Secretary Oceanic Sfam-
*hii. Company. C27 Market *t.. Sen Fran-
cIktc. Cal.
ANNUAL rceetine— The rejrular annual mect-
5r.g of th« stoi-kholders of the Pajaro Valley
Consolidatfd Railroad Cojnrjany will be held
at the office of the company 327 Market
street. San Francisco, em MONDAY, the 16th
flay cf January. 1S*C4. ct the hour of 11
" o'clock a. m.. for the purpow of electing a
board of directors to t-crve for the enduing
year and for the transaction of such other
hutineas as may come before the meeting.
The transfer tock« of the company will close
en Friday. Jar-.:?.ry 55. 19^4. »t 3 p. tn.
W. H. HANNAM. Secretary.
THE annual r.ifetir.* eT the A*«jciation of
the HofDitsl for Children and Training"
School for Naiwn will be held at the hos-
pital. HTOO. California street on TKURS-
DAY. -Taniiery H. T»04. at 1 :HO p. m.
AGENTS WASTED.
AT once— For San Francisco, Oakland. Berke-
ley. Alameda and other towns Al agents. Ap-
Bly A. DOVK GARBUTT. Western Indus-
trial Co.. 4C? Ninth M.. Oakland, bet. 10
mud 12 ¦>. m. and 2 to 5 p. m.
AGEKTS wanted: "The Great Chicago Thea-
ter Disaster": thrilling: stories by survivors;
fu!H illustrated; retail fl.50: best terms;
trna four 2-eent rtamps for mailing outfit;
aet quick. J. 5. ZIEGLEIt & CO.. Chicago.
AGENTS — An agency for a proposition that is
a deoded Improvement on building and loan
Ie Tiortb havinp. Gr»»at Wcetern Improve-
ment Company. Parrott building-
AGENTS everywhere can make $7 per day up
in fpar» time; mor* by steady wo-lc RED-
DIN. 72C Starr Kins bldg.
V.'OMEN and men eolieitors wanted. Apply to
Halpruner Medical Mfs. Co.. 2S California
«.. 1 to 3.
ATTOONEYS-AT-LAW.
W. H. BITTNER. " "
ATTOnNET AND COUNSELOR AT LAW.
Advice free.. Phone South 743.
Boite 222. Emtaa Bpreckcls buUdinr.
Divorces quietly and legally obtained for
eight cauKec: damages secured for injuries to
person or estate; replevins lor property un-
JowTuIly detained; attachments and rarnUh-
xcrnts for debts: bonds furnished; bankruptcy
proceedings; wlJJs probated; estates sealed:
collections made ia all parts of the U. 8.
A PRIVATE, quick divorce for a small fe«.
Ep* me and save money; no pay in advance.
G. TV. HOWE. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW
Established 22 yrs. : rms. 1.2 3. 4 & 3. 1st fl.
S122 Market *i.. between Mason and Taylor
Advice free. »11 matters. Detectives employed
DIVORCE cost* J12; open evenings- tenants
ejected. (3. 016 Uarket, r.C-';phtne iilack 6S1. ,
ATTOHXEY-AT.LAW Contlnned.
R. XV. KING. Attorney-at-Law, Exam. bldg..
Cth floor, eotranc* room 611; established 20
1 ' years; all crscs; general court and office prac-
\ Vice: iff in advance or for consultation;
ovninirs by appointment. Tel. Red 3C61.
GEO. W. AVEU1LL: advice given In all cases;
divorce, probate, bankruptcy and attachment
•suits a tp«>cia!ty: practice In both State and
Federal courts. Room 4C5. 4th floor, Parrott
bldg.. S55 Market st.; phone Howard. 2551.
ADVICE free — I will advance cost in meritori-
ous cases, divorces, probate and all other law
cases; no feee in advance; open every even-
ing. J. M. THUKSTON. 819 Market st.. r. 31.
ADVICE FREE.
Columbian Law snt! Collection Agency.
Room 85. 910 Market St.: tel. John 622».
DIVORCE— CoeIf, $12; quick, quiet; advice
free: cp«-n evenings. 027 Market St.. r. 301.
ADVICE free: no ebarge unless successful: all
law business. W. "SV. Davidson. 927 Market.
L. S. CLARK. 927 Market St.; consultation
five: r\'. fees in advance: open evenings.
AD V£E,T ISEMENT _WRITINCr._ _.
HAVING recently acquired through exchange
of property three $40 scholarships in the best
College of Advertising in the United States,
I will sell them at 25 per cent discount for
caeb: the college teaches advertisement writ-,
ing by correspondence jr.d assists its grad-
uates to s«»cure positions: catalogues fur-
nlfhed on application. Address box 3026. Call.
ASTROLOGY.
MRS. J. FRANCIS, astrologlst: ' lessons; read-
ings: hour? 10 to 5. Suite 10. Hotel Langham.
DIROS. DOGS. ETC.
WARBLrNG canaries, talking parrots; all
kinds of song and fancy birds; goldfish, seeds,
cage*, etc. Give us a tr!al; we will pleass
you. IS4<: Marhet ft.
UGSIXESS CUAKCES.
R. G. W1LKK, real estate and business agen-
cy; established 15 years; quick sales. Rooms
9 and 10. 2tiVa Kearny.
A — $1600 — Rarest chanoe in the market: cof-
fee Faloon and restaurant; choicest location;
daily receipts about $60; net profits above
$::im per month; a fine business: investigate
soon; tilal given. R. G. WILKE. 2«H
Kearny st.
A— $1250— DELICATESSEN and dairy produce
Etore; close to Market and Stockton sts.;
large stock; clears at leastv$25O per month;
full value In eight; a splendid offer. Call
R. G. WILKE. 20 Va Kearny st.
A— $750— SALOON en Commercial st.: rent
$50. See R. G. WILK1E. 28>4 Kearny St.
A — $500 — SALOON and boarding-bouse on
main st.; 12 furnished rooms; established
years. See R. G. WILKE, 2CH Kearny st.
A— ROADHOUSE with 15 newly furr.ished
rooms; bathroom, barn. 1 cart. 1 electric
piano; 10 years' lease; rent $43; price $3000;
business very good: that is all. For particu-
lars eee R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny St.
A — $1500 — BUTCHER shop in Western Addi-
tion; rent $40; weekly sale about 4 steers.
25 sheep; 1 hore*. 1 wagon: dally receipts
about $40. See R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
A— $1750 — CORNER grocery and bar on
Guerrero st. ; lease; a good paying business;
fresh stock; all cash trade. Particulars R.
G. WILKE. 2Cy; Kearny st.
A — $1400 — CORNER grocery and bar on De T
visadero St.; owner has a fine paying busi-
ness, but family affairs compeis him to
J'ave fcr East. See R. O. WILKE. 2«%
Kearr.y Et.
A— $550 — CIGAR, candy and notion store on
McAllister st.; rent $23; a nice paying busi-
ness for man and wife. Call and I will show
you the place. R. G. WILKE. 26V4 Kearny.
A— $600— DRT goods and notion store with 4
fine furnished rooms on Mission st. ; splendid
chance for man and wife. Call R. G.
_WILKE. 26% Kearny.
FOR country hotels, saloons, cigar, notion
Etores. butcher shops or any kind of business.
fee R. O. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— ?1j00; THE best cyeter stand in Portland.
Or.; a man with flrst-class references can
if ave $700 etand on the business. See It. G.
WILKE. 2ij'j Kearny Et.
WANTED — Flrst-class restaurant man with
tome Aior.ey to take dining-room kitchen in
suellfst apartment house in city; no other
restaurant within live blocks. CAMERON' &
CO.. 1 Eddy st.
FOR pale or trade — Quartz mine; fine prospect;
located in Cal.; assays $40 tb $70 ton: trade
for r'm'g house or business. Cameron, 3 Eddy.
FOR sale^ — Well-located candy store; all equip-
ped for making own randies: established 8
years: clearinc over $200 per month: will ln-
voi cc about S120O. CAMERON. 3 Eddy st.
HIGHEST cash price paid for stocks of mer-
chandli-e. See A. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy.
FOR trade— Incomc-bearir..e city property for
Ftocks cf merchandise; any amount. CAM-
ERON & CO.
FOR cale — One of the hest restaurants in city:
cheap rent: receipts J75 to *lO0 per day; will
bear Investigation: price S1A00: also one in
cood location fcr $350. CAMERON & CO.,
>3 Egdy st.
A— $sr*i; CORNER grocery and bar; U'estrrn
Addition : <loing pood business; "» living-
Kxims. Iiath. large yard; rent $30: long
l°as*\ Full particulars at EUREKA REAL-
TY CO.. 710 Market St.
A— $200: PARTNER: well established office
business; no experience required; $75 month-
ly to each. See my agents, EUREKA
REALTY CO.. 719 Market st.
A— Sir,o: CIGAR stand: swell location; full
Stock: rent $15. EUREKA REALTY CO.
71:) Market et.
A— 3 PER CENT MONTHLY. "*
On investments of $100 and upward; no "get-
rich-quick" swindle, turf speculation or gam-
bling scheme, but a reputable, established
business enterprise in San Francisco; cleared
J67.OOO last jeer on $100,000 capital; stock
increased $20,000 lo enlarge the plant: call
or write for particular*.
GERM A NI A INVEST. CO.. 927 Market at.
tli? highest amount— That's
what it me.ans when you place, your goods
With A. H. ANDERSON, the auctioneer.
, solicited anywhere, by the day, per
«-rnt or hour. Room 2»5. SC6 Market st. (Phe-
lan building.) Tel. Main 1X52. References,
National Bank of D. O. Mills & Co. Corre-
s-itondenee solicited.
CALL and eee the list of lodging-houses from
B to 200 rooms; cheap rents: hotels, read-
houses, sa'.ocns, re6taurant3, groceries, livery
stables bought and sold and exchanged;
money leaned on chattels; millinery store to
exchange. EITEL & CARROLL. 212 Kearny.
A— S20O: RESTAURANT: rent $15: 2 living
rooms: s taMcg. Central Agency. 993 Market.
A — Sfi.V): CIGAR More and notions: rent $25;
good locality. Central Agency, 993 Market.
WANTED— Either whole or half interest in~a
corner grocery and bar in a good business
lo-ation. Send price and location to box
."22, Call office.
I WOULD like to buy a cigar stand In a good
part of the city for business: give price and
what part of city it is in. Address box 313
Call office.
IF you are lookfne for a restaurant, see mine;
it is in a good business location on Taylor
Ft.; rent reasonable and a good trade. Box
¦ 304. Call office.
A DELICATESSEN store on Turk st.: good
locality and good growing business; will sell
If taken at once for" $450. Address box 376
Call office.
STEADY man to attend counter and take cash
in restaurant; $TO monthly and meals; ?150
cash required. 209 Kcarny st., room 1.
Wn sell lodging-houses. restaurants, cigar
stand?, all prices, $150 up; city and country
prop«rty. Boston Real Estate Co.. 8 Mason.
PA RTNERSHIP— $200; clearing *75 month!
experience not necessary. Apply 8 Mason
ft., room 2.
MAN with $175 would like to get steady em-
ployment: good paying business. 257 Fourth
et.. barber shop. \ ¦ .,
CIGAR Mor* and laundry office and 3 living
rooms, rent $13. for sale cheap. Inquire 2944
Mission st., ncar ? Twenty-«ixth.
HOTEL clearing $500 to $70© month: will sell;
big bargain: for cash. See ALDEN, 1118
Broadway. Oakland
$350— A RESTAURANT in good locality on
Sixth «*_: large seating capacity; reasonable
rent; lease. Inquire box SSI. Call office.
$70 — CIGAR, stand; bargain to-day; cheap
rent; good stock. Inquire 8 Mason st.
FOR sale— Bakerj' and delicatessen store doing
first-class business. Box 358. Call office.
I WILL buy a saloon if In a good location fcr
business. Addregg, with price, box 334, Call.
DELICATESSEN store for sale; good businesT '
Box .tOL Oall office.
WANTED — To buy a restaurant Address box
307, Call office. . .
$000— RESTAURANT on Larkin < st.; low rent
Box S49, Call office.
FOR saJe — Wood and coal yard, including
horses and waeons. etc. &40 Florida st.
GOO8 paying country bakery for sale or ex-
change for city bakery. Box 321, Call. t
ntSI.VESS CHAXCES— Continued.
OUR new "Duplex-Scale System" won over 200
per cent in the past 21! days on Frisco racee;
for proofs and references ask any sub-
scriber on our list, or call and investigate:
explanation free to regular subscribers at our
office only; commissions handled on this sys-
tem for 20 per cent of the net weekly profits.
Terms for our Handicap sheets, $2 per day or
$10 per week. X. S. HAND, expert handlcap-
per. rooms 1, 2 and 3, 113 Stockton Bt., S. F.
WANTED — A delicatessen Btore in business lo-
cation. Address, with price and particulars,
box 1S71, Call office.
VERT low figure; well stocked. kockI paying
' cor. bazaar; must be sold. 1600 Devisadero.
FOR sale — Complete dyeing and cleaning
works*; good location. Box 2S0O, Call office.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertise merits and subscriptions has
been opened at 1006 Market St.. oppostu
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m. '
LODGUG-HOtiSES KOK SALE.
A. C All E RON & CO. . Phone South 105(X
3 Eddy st., cor. Market and Powell.
| Headquarters for roominE-hous«s, hotels and
all kinds of business chances.
~~— - "v
220 rooms; grand new modern apartment
house; elegantly furnished; swell location;
clearing $400 to $600 per month; golden op-
' portunlty.
15 roome; Van Ness; oak and mahogany
furniture: a' bargain if taken at once.
88 rooms; bonlon location: elegant build-
ing; luxuriously furnished; all modern con-
veniences; grand entrance and halls; strictly
up to date; called East by sickness.
12 rooms; Post: oak furniture; Brussels
carpets; clears $50: $300 cash, balance on in-
stallments; price $S00.
. 69 rooms; new and elegaut building; fur-
nished beautifully and up to date; hot and
cold water every room; $1000 cash necessary.
30 rooms; rent $95; flne location: all on 2
floors; 3 years' lease; clears $100. full; $2000.
125 rooms; flrst-claes downtown house; 5-
year lease; cheap rent; private baths; doing
flne commercial business; reduced; see this.
47 rooms; rent 5125; good lease; flne loca-
tion; some apartments always full; clears $200.
116 rooms; new. elegantly appointed apart-
ment house; one cf the swellest In city; clear-
ing $500 to $600 month: splendid opportunity.
7-room new modern flat: $450 cash, bal-
ance on installments ; income $45; price $550.
24 rooms; rent $140; newly furnished; flne
neighborhood; close In; always full.
162 rooms: most elegantly appointed apart-
ment house In San Francisco; beautiful mod-
ern building; fine entrance; cheap rent: clear-
ing $400 per month; 6-year lease; part cash;
baiance 8 per cent per year.
8 rooms: golden oak fur.: Moquet carpets,
paintings, must leave city; make offer.
SO rooms; rent only S'JOO; downtown house;
always fu'l; clearing $200 to $300 per mo.;
newly renovated and In fine condition. .
20 rooms: rent $75; 2 years' lease; good
permanent and transient house; price $1200.
44 roome; rent only $125; 6 years' lease;
running water: everything in good condi-
tion: clears $125 to $150 per mo.; price $2800.
19 rooms; corner; rent $05: oak Jurniture;
good carpets, hair. mattresses; part cash, bal-
ance on time.
6 rooms: rent $45; oak fur.: Moquet car-
pets; furnished 4 months; clears $45; see this.
IS rooms; fine sunny corner; rent only $S0;
/well furnished: all outside rooms; flne yard-
' clears $100.
68 rooms; rent $250; 2 years' lease; well
furnished throughout: olose in; flrst-class
boarding-house; clearing $250 per month.
5 rooms and bath; rent $18; water free;
new modern flat, furnished 1 year; price $300.
60 rooms; Bush; rent only $162; good fur-
niture, carpets; clearing over $200 per month;
only 14 rooms to take care of, balance do
own work: a snap.
15 rooms; Van Ness; rent $S5: oak, ma-
hogany furniture; always full; price $1200;
alrooet new.
86 rooms: cheap rent: furnished last June;
oak furniture, Brussels carpets; clears over
$2J0 per month; half cash, balance 1 per
cent; owner sick in bed.
7 reom": rent $3S; modern house: new fur-
niture; clears $50; only $400 cash, balance
time.
14 rooms: rent $40; new and modern little
boirding-house; flne furniture; hair mat-
tresses; clearing over $200 mo. price $1000.
24 rooms; rent only $125; flrst-class con-
dition: oak, mahogany, blrdseye maple furni-
ture; extra flne carpets; clears $70; prica
$2000; haK cash, balance l^i per cent.
21 rooms: Howard St.; rent only $60; good
fur. and carpets: clearine $180 per month;
$400 cash, balance time; price $900.
10 rooms; rent $50; close in; oak, blrdseye
maple fur.; flne carpets; elegant little tran-
sient house; clears $125; part cash; price $600.
MARION GRIFFIN.
406 Examiner bldg., cor. Market and 3d sts
Fine front offices, directly over entrance.
Take elevator to 4th floor. Phone Black
3607. Title abstract free with each and every
sale. We do business strictly according to
law.
MAGNIFICENTLY furnished lOO-room apart-
ment house, in excellent downtown location:
long lease at $5 50 per room; clears $454
month..
DEATH causes sale of 30-room corner hotel:
S2o00; half cash; furniture cost $3500.
OWNER being in hospital this 17-room house
must be sold or exchanged for flat; 2-year
lease; clears $95 per month."
, REDUCED to $1100, was $1400; gunny side- 20
big rooms; rent $75; clears 881 month; lady
sick In bed; compelled to sacrifice.
NEW and modern; 74 rooms, beautifully fur-
nished in blrdseye maple, mahogany and
weathered oak; carpets are velvet, Axminster
and body Brussels; clears $248; 5-year lease.
SPLENDID 30-room corner rooming-house on
Fuiter st.; clears $14« per month; all flne
oak furniture and rich, heavy carpets; lease
if desired; eminently respectable; well estab-
lished: worth $3700; will sell for $3000.
MARION GRIFFIN is «ole agent for this new.
SWELL 64-room house; 5-year lease sunny
corner; books show $395 monthly profit.
CUT this out; great bargain: 15- room transient
house, near Market; a rapid money maker:
you'd better come and investigate.
HIGH-CLASS aristocratic private hotel in flne
location; (i blocks north of Market; 63 rooms;
all occupied by selected boarders; clears $153.
AN honest 21-room house, near the Chronicle;
rent $100; clears $90 month: easy terms.
ANT reasonable offer will be accepted- 29
rooms: south of Market; think of the rent
only $C0; then think of the Income. $180.
ILL HEALTH caused owner of a 16-room
house to leave city; all housekeeping; rent
$50: clears $50; price* reduced to $750- it's
a gift. '
NEW In 1904; 9 rooms; near the Emporium;
rent $18; Income $53; price $323; only $200
down.
1.— ATTENTION! Read these 12 lines:
2.— The owner of a large transient house
3.— In the center of San Francisco
4.— Has been suddenly called to
5. — The deathbed of his sister
6. — In another State.
7. — And has authorized MARION GRIFFIV
8.— To.; sell the house. , . . .-
0-. — Tnc manager in charge of said house
10. — Keeps careful book accounts.
11.— Which show $500 monthly profit
12.— A thorough investigation Is solicited
BEST hotel proposition in this city; 83 rooms;
sunny; large dining-room; rent only $°34
month; always full of steady boarders-
profit never less than $200 month: dissolution
of partnership only reason; price $7000- well
worth $10 000. MAP.ION' GRIFFIN 'room
406. Examiner bldg. . . ™
BARGAIN— 30 rooms, well furnished; close in-
rent $100: clears $125 per month- $2100 :
easy terms to responsible party; leaving city
For particulars . address Owner box 3(T
Call office. ' t . . "•
LODGING-HOUSE. 38 rooms, in a good loca-
tion on Powell St., paying me a clear prott-
of $120 per month; bouse full; reasonable
*rent; look at this; I will sell low,' as I must
' leave the city. Box 2728. Call office.
WANTED, for cash, a lodging house of not
more than 60 room*: state price wanted and
give location. Box 364, Call office.
WANTED — Lodging house of about 25 or ' MO
rooms. ' Address, with particulars, box 272T
Call office yEBjtgjKKgmgggfgk
mmm a long tclt want is skptly supplied
MAKE YOUR WANTS KNOWN I
IN THE NEXT SUNDAY CALL |
I . ' Tiwo Celluloid > — i — i |
' . FOR. OFFICE AND GENERAL USE I
- ¦ ¦ - ¦ ' - - .. m> \ ¦ -- :: ¦ • $
(One for red ink, the other for black ink) |
neatly; boxed, is the premium offered to |
in the <$
\ . , '.'.._ ' '¦¦.'...¦¦¦ .- P.
PENHOLDERS AND PENS. g
¦ ¦ - - — ~~ : — : \ s
These premiums may be obtained by a
/ ; presenting your Want Ads to-T-he Call Busi- gj
£& ness Office, Third and Market Streets; Pitts __} * §
Branch Cali Headquarters,. 1008 Market '%
Street, or at The Call Agency, 1118 Broadway, • ?
Oakland :. :j : : . --;: - : : : . : : S ¦ |
Ads for Next Sunday's Issue will be received TO-DAY, |
also FRIDAY AND SATURDAY. |THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 11, 1904.
13
REAL ESTATE CITY— FOR _ SALE.
TO-DAY TO-DAY.
AUCTION ¦ ¦ .
HENRY STERN
(Of David Stern t Sons).
THURSDAY. JANPABY 14. 1004,
At 12 o'clock noon.
At Salesroom,
11 MONTGOMERY ST.
¦•* COLE STREET. * .
j» 100 25 | 25 | 25 | 25 I 25 I 25 I 25 j
ei .
¦ — « K
¦ 3-"' "•"'•¦ •" i j
- B' - - ¦•-;¦' -~ , r " r
. z— — " ' • .
g' 137:0 . j 137:6 Z
gg • . . - ¦ • 5
h__ : i
|_ -_ ?$:
, __ __g
* - : 5_
w 137:6 I 137:6 «• »
?," ioo ! k
CT ' • . *
1 . a «
_______ " S
rr ioo
" " ; 25 1 25 25 25 25 25 1 25
CLAYTON STREET.
STREET WORK DONE.
FACING GOLDEN GATE PARK.
3S CHOICE RESIDENCE LOTS.
FELL ST.. BOULEVARD AND PANHANDLE.
FELL. HAYES. CLAYTON AND COLE STS.
, 40 per cent cash, balance at 6 per cent In-
terest
For further particulars apply to '.'•'¦ v
HENRY STERN. 11 Montgomery at
———————— .
530 CALIFORNIA 8TREET.
(Savings Union Building.)
$40C0 — Very cheap; a choice property on Point
Lobos ave. (the continuation of Geary
et.); well located; on sunny side; close
to 3 lines of cars; 2-story, well-built
frame buildinz: large lot. 45x100; store
on corner; at a moderate expense can be
changed Into flats arid store enlarged;
$7600 was offered and refused for this fine
corner; all street work done; salt water
pipes in front; no such bargain as this Is
offered; a fine buy.
$1750— Union st. (sunny side), near Broderlck;
25x100; grand marine view; fine improve-
ments to go up on adjoining lot Just sold;
easy terms; $250 down, $40 per month;
ready for building; cheapest lot In W. A.
S35C0— Business corner on Union st; 25x100.
$3700— Clement st; sunny side; close In; 3
lots; Slxll5; now required for business;
cars pass.
?1000— 2 choice lots; 50x120: east line Eleventh
ave.. Just north of Clement st. ; high
ground, showine the marine view; block
¦ fast building up with first-class houses;
$150 first payment; fln«> buy for builder.
5C5CO— Larkln st: 2 flats, - rooms each ;> lot
41:3 frontage; grand marine view; rents
$45; very cheap.
W. J. GUN>\
530 CALIFORNIA STREET.
LOTS, N or S eide of Golden Gate Park, pur-
chased by ¦". J. GUNN. 5.10 Calif ornU st.
CALIFORNIA House Wrecking Co, pays the
highest price for buildings and will wrvk
the largest building completely within 10
days. Northwest corner Mission and Tenth
IU.. effice and yard.
FOR rale — Lr.t 25xlCO. with 2-story building,
store and 10 rooms and barn. Owner. l.'UC
Alabama st.- j . .
BUILD on your unlmnroved realty; we loan
~ full cost lmprov. and part lot at 6 per 'cent
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building.
$14.000 — t NEW flats of 5 rooms, near Park;
strictly modern; rents $122 50. Box 2C2, Call.
LATEST sjstem sanitary plumbing. Phone
Ahlbach & Mayer, plumbers, S.10 Howard et.
PQIXT R »<^»MOXn nEA L r ES T- A . TE>
4 LOTS cheap for cash. 32S Bush at, room
4, third floor.
WATER front lots and bargains; all. tracts:
• maps, photo*, etc. BELL. 417 Parrott bids;.
REAL ESTATE Country For Sale.
718 ACPES near Mayfleld, 11 miles frcm San
Jose: 100 acres full bearing prunes; large
vineyard; all good land; water piped every-
where: immense concrete reservoirs; fina
houses, stabler, barns, etc.; fenced In 5 fields;
ccet $160,000: price $50,000. THORNS -
KILPATRICK. 312 Bush St.. Sao Francisco.
IN Elm hurst — $3250; for sale on account of
foreclosure of mortgage: 10-rooxn house: G
lots; containing fruit orchard, barn, well.
Call on G. BREESER. 12 Mission st, S. F.
$10 A MONTH buys a 10-acre farm.
$200 profit per annum per acre.
Write for booklet. It's free. 603 J st
WRIGHT & KIMBROUGH. Sacramento. Cal.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards; inspected | bargains; monthly cata-
logues sent free. CM. WOOSTER CO.. 6iS
Market st. :
ALAMEDA ADVERTIS'MEXTS
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
HERE'S a bargain; cottage, 5 large rooms,
$2500; ?i:iOO. cash; street and sanitary im-
provements; superb marine view; surf bath-
ing. A. F. ST. SURE, attorney, room 1203
Claus Spreckela building, San Francisco.
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'M'NTS
- BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$i£ooo^F7Nin)u^n^^
ley; pays 7 per cent on the asking price.
$10,000 — 3 acres in West Berkeley,- on railroad
and water front: fine factory site: two
blocks on railroad in West Berkeley;
will lent for term of years; this Is an
; ideal factor}' site.
$0.000 — 1 acres on Clalrmont ave.; fine resi-
dence district ¦ . , ¦
$600 for lot one block fiipm car llnes>
$220 fqr acre lot adjoining U. C. grounds.'
$2,000 for a u-room house In Bateman tract.
-one block from Collese ave.: lot 60x120;
street work done; this Is a fine buy;, we
have a fine list of properties and will
be iileased to show them on applica-
tion* ¦ -
CHENEY .V. BERRY. P. O. Block.
Berkeley, Cal.
BARGAINS— We buy, sell, exchange or build.
MURDOCK & CO.. Lorln Station. Berkeley.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND URAL ESTATK.
$250 CASH. $0. monthly: neat, cozy new-
' built cottage, surrounded by Immense laurel
and oak trees: runnlnc stream of mountain
water; sandy lcam soil 0 to 10 feet deep;
lovely surroundings; section building up rap-
idly; near car line; fine school house; good
substantial community: see It and you will
buy tt, sun.-; adjoining East Oakland; away
from cold winds and .f eg; price all told.
$U75: 2ilotK. 50xlC0. Call or send for cir-
cular 455 Seventh st.. opp. Broadway sta-
tion. Oakland: carriage free. H. Z. JONES.
'-.. Owner. - -
BARGAINS 'In Piedmont residence lots, includ-
ing all kinds of flowers and shrubbery; will
¦ build to BUlt Box Call office, Oakland.
pAIvLA^XD^PJJRJVITimigjyUK^ SALE.
TO-MORROW - the day - for bargains In furul-
I ture. I H. Schellhaas. 11th «t..cor.»tore. Oakland.
; DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— The * Nevada National
Bank of ban Francisco: At a regular meet-
ln£ of the board of directors < of this bank,
held' January 5, lltul, a dividend was de-
clared for the half year '.ending December
¦ 31.-1903." at the rate of seven (7) per cent
per annum, payable on and after the 15th
Inst ; ' transfer books will be closed from ths
10th to the 15th Inst.; both days Inclusive.
. .GEORGE GRANT. Secretary.
San Francisco, January 6, 1904.
SAN : FRANCISCO and Suburban Horns Build-
. Ing Society, 5th floor. Mutual' Savings Bank
building, "708 Market -st, opposite Third —
For _e . half-year ending. 31st , ut December.
1903. a dividend has - been '. declared at . the
rate per annum of (12) twelve . per cent on
capital . stock'; and participating ¦ certificates,
'.- free of taxes.' payable on and after SATUR-
v DAY. < January. 2, 1004. « JOSEPH A. LEON-
ARD, < Manager. HUGH CRAIG, Secretary.
ROOMS TO LET— Fara. wad Cafin*.
UNITED STATES 123 Eddy, near Market— 409
room*. 35c to $1 night. $1 73 to $6 w«*k; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water in every
room; elevat-r, read. -room; frte bus; baggage
VAN NESS. 519— Handsome sunny furnished
suites and sicgle rooms: all convenience*.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. Bear Market—
Moat convenient and respectable: 700 rooms;
_c to $1 50 night: $2 to $3 week; elevator;
elec. lights: reading-room; free bus: baggag*.
WOLF House. 202 Sixth— Electric tight m
every room: room from 15c to $1 per night.
75c to $5 per week: optn all night
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Churc* st».
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has b*#n
opened at IOCS Market st. opposite PtftH.
Open until 11 p. ra.
ROOMS ASPBOAUD.
A LARGE front sunny room and board: parlor
floor: gas. bath and telephone; private fam-
ily: no othcb^ boarders: rate for man and
wife, *30; single. $.10; references exchanged.
Box C5O. Call office.
— IIOTEL HATTON ~
077 Pine. nr. Taylor; elegantly furnished
suites; private baths; all modern conven-
ience; excellent table.
ELEGANT front, sunny alcove room; running
water, gas. bath; suitable for 2. with board;
private family; also another room. 1224 Gold-
en Gate ave.: phone Stelner 3626.
.CALIFORNIA. 124S— Most -elect location la
modern, elegantly furnished private home;
table unsurpassed: marine vl«w. ¦
HOTEL MARTINET. Geary st^nd Van Ne*«
ave.. has changed hands; hereafter conducted
first-class family hotel; table board specialty.
HOTEL ELSMERE. 41S Putter— Sunny rooms;
excellent tabl?: from $40; single $25.
NEWPORT. 1018 Pine, near Taylor — Largr sun-
ny suites: also single room; excellent table.
THE NIRA. 813 Taylor— Nicely furnished, sun-
ny suites; also single; excellent table.
Stevenson mansion. 807 California — Fine rooms;
new chefs; colored service; table specialty.
O'FARRELL. 30S — Furnished rooms; horn*
cooking; German family; $6 per week.
ROOMS AND BOARD WASTED.
WANTED— Board and 2 rooms for 2 adult*
and 10-year-old child: price not to exceed
$S0 per month. Box 3000. Call of flea. ' *-
room s w ;a ntjrd.
WANTED— 3 rooms furnished complete for
housekeepintr. Address, stating rent, boi
?t»7. Call office. ¦-¦.». "
SEYVIXG MACHINES A.\D SUPPLIES
NEW HOME — See our new triple-feed ma-
chines: slightly used; $10. $13. $20; second-
hand. $•!. $3. $S; all styles: guaranteed. N*ir
Home Sewing Machine Co.. 1051 Market st.
STOR AGE ASP W AREHO V 3 E9.
A— EMPORIUM Storage -Van Co.; furnltare,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard st.. nr. Third: Dhone Grant 181.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage _ Moving Co.. of-
flce Post and Powell ats. ; tel. Prtve. Ex. BTt.
CONKLIN'S storage— Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Ga'e ave. ; pbano East I- 1 *-
GOLDEN West Storage: advances made: S40
MUaion st; tel. Howard 041. F. W. Z;hfu_.
PACIFIC Storag-e and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore st.; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
" Kt. : tel. Main 1<*4f>. Shipping at cut rat»»-
STUTTER1XG AND STAM.tlEKI>O.
MELBOURNE School. Van Ness-Market— Cur»
In every case: Individual teaching; no medi-
cine. Inquire Into wonderful cures: home cur*.
LEG.lLADVEBTISEMEJiTs"
first refunding mortqacjr bonds—
Notice Is hereby given that, pursuant to th*
provision ct Article Eight of fie n&rtxac*
frcm this Company to the Central Tiust Com-
pany ot New York. Trustee, dated August 1.
1S39 this Company has set apart out ot tb*
net income derived by It from the llnea oC
railroad therein mortgaged ttte sum st Twen-
ty-five thousand dollars In trust to be used
to redeem said bon<1?. and that bor.ds issued
under said mortgage wtil be redeemed there-
with and bids are hereby Invited for the sur-
render of such bonds at prices to b« earned by
the bidders, to the amount re^uislta to ex-
haust said sum. Such bids should be pre-
sented to thia Company at tts office. 1J»
Broadway, in the- City of New YiTk. oa or.
before the 1st day of February. 1004. ac
twelve o'clock noon, and should be Indorsed
"Bids fcr Surrender cf Central Pacific Rail-
way Company First Refunding Bonds."
CENTRAL PACIFIC RAILWAY COMPANY,
By E. H. HARRIMAN. President
New York. January 2. 1904.
THE firm heretofore existing under the name
and style of V>. Bellnomini & Co.. and doins
business at "Ol-~r.O Hayes st.. in city and
county of San Francisco. Is this day dis-
solved by mutual consent, A. Ghlanda and
D. Pucclnelll having purchased the entire-
Interest of D. Bellnorainl, and will continue
the business at the same place.
' (Signed) I>. BELLNQMINL
Jan. 4. 10O4. A. GHIANPA.
- PKOIMISALS.
PROPOSALS for purchase of U. 8. Quarter-
master's Property. Office of Depot Quarter-
master. •'!•; New Montgomery st., San Fran-
Fisco, Cal..- January 12. 1004.— Sealed pro-
posals. In triplicate, for the purchase of 173
Khaki-covered Cork Helmets and l.T,2<XS Arc-
tic Overshoes (one buckle> will be received In
th:s office until 10 o'clock a. m.. February -.
10C4, and then opened. The Government re-
serves the right to reject any or all proposals.
Envelopes containing proposals should be
. Indorsed "Propceals for purchase of Quar- .'
termaster's property," an<l addressed to the •
Depot/Quartermaster. V. S. Army, San Fran-
cisco, Cal. Further particulars furnished on
application.
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal.. Jan. 11. 1904.— Sealed
proposals. In triplicate, will be received her»
until 11 o'clock a. m., February 11. 1904.
and then opened, for construction of trams
i bakehcuse and furnishing portable oven at
Depot ot Recruits and Casuals. Angel Island.
Cal. Government reserves right to reject or
accept any or all bids In whole or In part.
Information - furnished oa application ta
\VM S. PATTEN. Assistant Quartermaster
General. Chief Q. M. - ¦
MAR RIAGjE _LICEXSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday :
Adolphus W. Furst, 62. 747 Market street,
and Joseoblne Abrahamson. 35. 1111 McAllis-
ter street.
Isador P. Beban, 34. 70S Gueirero stre«t
and Flora B. Burton, 29. 782 Harrison street.
Frederick M. Ward. Zi. Sausallto. and Car-
rie E. Burns. 13. Duncan Mill.".
Claud L. Rfddln*. 20. Sacramento, and
Grace M. Murray, 25, Sacramento.
Robert H. SlmoTid*.- 24, 521 Eddy street, and
Mary E. Crocker, 19. 508 Eddy street.
Adolf Lindner. 2«. 278 Shipley street and
Mary Lindner. 23. 278 Shipley street.
Roy D. Hlghtower, 20, Oriand. and Frances
C. Dolan. Ti, Willows.
Eberbard Roetlor. 2S. 2300 Leavenworth
street and Agnes McGrath. .".2. city.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHa
Birth, marriage and death notices went by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be haudej
In at either of th=> oublication offices and bs
indorsed with the came and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to ths announcement .
of the event are published once in this column
free of charge.
BORN. .
SALOMON— In this city. December 28. 1900,
to the wife of Alex Salomon (nee Ehrilch).
a sjn. '
JMRRIED.
FURST — ABRAMSON— In this elty. January
13. i'.ioi. by Tbomaa F. Dunn. Justic* of
the Peace. A > W. Furst and Josephine
Abramwn. bot*< of San Francisco.
HOLMQUIST— SWAXBERG — In this city,
January 12. 19C4, by the Rev. Dr. 'E. Ne-
lander. pastor of the First English Lutheran
Church. Oscar Ho'mquist of . Swartlngstorp.
Sweden, and Anna Louise Swanbers; ot San
Francisco.
~~™ d__dT~~
. Akmann. Hn. _. Lehrke. Eva C.
Baker, Charles Lewis. Addle
Baker. Orman F. McAdama. Jennie.
Baumann. Bertha McNamara. Patrick
Burkham. Solomon Mowry. Harriet
Cluney. Catherine I. Myers. Sarah
Cox. 'Samuel 8. O'Connor. M. J. ¦;
Cunningham. Henry I'oiiack. Johanna
Foye. Franklin E. Rliey. James
Goeckeritz. Francis Roesman. Antona
Gorman. William H. Roxburg, Retta
Graham. Irene E. Sires, Susie A.
Hamilton. Annie D. Sullivan. Jerry
Hargadan. Michael Sundqnlst. Herman
' Harris. Charles W. TVahl. Emil
Heavislde. Robert Walker, Mrr. E. C.
Huff. Euirenta A. - Willcox, Kmma J.
Kaher. Mitry D. Winsor. Augustus
Kelly. Ellen'
AKMANK— In this city. January 12. 1904. Mm
____ — , . — — —
Continued on Paffe Fourteen.
A— MURRAY ft READY. C3M13U Clay Bt
Fhon» Main 5SIS.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
1901 We Gave l»i>4 We'll Give
45.CCO Men Work. CO, 000 Men Work.
Arizona, close to Prescott, $9.
S cooks*. S.'JO. $1C. $50, $00 and found.
25 farm hand*. . >
$!»— DON'T FORGET— ?f>. *
ARIZONA. TO-DAY. I'REFCOTT.
job? for two years; Inc wages.
IN M—KDOCIXO COUNTY.
IS Gcrmnriyor Scandinavian woodchor'pers;
Wjj job; *l^o $1 CO cord.
Painter ar.d pnper hanper, $3 50 day.
lSIackemith for mine. $1)0.
CfeorCSMB, sardentr, private family. $.13 fd.
2 l>o.vs. learn palMine. $4 to $5 week. '
Gardener. *-."> and found: 2 bellboys; sticker
Iran, planef and matcher. $0 day.
COUNTRY.
Families with boys for box factories, 75c to
$2 Jay.
MURRAY & READY, CU-CJG Clay st.
WANTED — Young draughtsman in ornamental
iron works; good chance. Box 3C5, Call.
EXPERIENCED dishwasher wanted. 031
Clay st.
FOR f>a!o — A 2-chalr barber shop; f 15;, fixtures
worth the price. 41 S Larkin St.
WHY pay b!£ prices to hr.ve your shoes ha'.f-
soled when you can get It dene for 25c. SOc
and CO*.- while ycu wait at 5tS Mission st,
bet. 1st and 2d bts.. or 11 Third st j
EXPKRin.\'CKD man to lay out and manage
Iruit cannery, to pack full line. Address,
with exoerlesce and salary expected, box
3iO. Call.
AN experienced salesman to cell a popular
line of goods in California; only those having
acquaintance with th« clothing and furnfsh-
lng trade ne«d apply. Address, stating ex-
¦ perience. reference, etc.. F. El C, box 331.
Call office.
EXPERIENCED business men and women de-
siring mercantile position with good com-
pensation are requested to call on the Royal
Mercantile Co., Suite VJ. Columbian building,
SIO Market t.t. .
WANTED — To. employ an educated irenttenian
to trawl In Southern California and writs
short articles for publication; 4?1000 per
year ar.d railroad fare*: first-class refer-
encts required. Box .iOtil, Call.
BARBERS, take notice :— The office of secre-
tary and Free Employment Bureau has re-
moved to 8 City Hall ave. or 1504 Market st,
at Journeymen Barbers' Union, Locat-J.4S.
JOS. R. BLEILY. . v
WANTED — A' baker for the country; foreman
on bread;. American ; must be first class
and Fober; home made goods; also second
hand. Address box 71t5. Call office. '
WANTED — An all around bookbinder: one who'
can do forwarding and finishing on full
bounds Apply SANBORN. VAIL _ CO.. 741
Market St. ,
WANTED — Laborers and • mechanics to know.
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
S17 Third st ; 250 tootiis; 2?c to 50c per night
WANTED — Men and .women to. learn the b:rr-
b^r trade: waces sai.l while learning. Call
cr mJJress \\>*tern Colleee of Barbers. tt47-
Comnifrcial St.. San Francisco.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 per pair, foot-form shoes at $2 60, or
crthopedic shoes. 13 50; best shoes on earth, "ll
Third Et . Exam. bl&g.. C doors from Market
EXPERIENCED proof reader; also copy-
holder; references; steady position to right
party. Box 493. Call office.
IOO YOUNG men of IS years, with good char-
acter, to organize military "organization.
Call at 473 Valencia St.. bet. 6 and 8 p. m.
WANTED — A first-class carriage blacksmith
at soed'waEO*. Appiy to A. MEISTER _
SONS CO.. Sacramento. Cal.
PENSION ATTY., M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis st. : 14
years' practice: references from thousands ot
persons for whom I have secured pensions.
BRIGHT ycunsr man of eood address; hign
school graduate. Apply box 275, Call office.
MUSICIANS to Join military band. 328 Bush
r-t, third fl<K>r, room 4.
THREE-CHAIR barber shop for sale; strictly
modern. 137 Third ct.
HARDER s-hop for sale; **O. Call «rlr. llZG'.i
Fcl5om rt
lOo BARKER- shop for sale; steady 2 chairs;
cheap. Inquire CS Folsom St.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for deep-water
ships. Apply DENT'S place, 2tt Steuart st.
UKX to learn barber trade. San Francisco
Barber College. 741 A Howard st.
PENSION atty..~E. A. Bui Us. room 40. Phelan
bidg. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G.A.R.
McDONALD & PERRY have a large stock of
new and second-hand shoes; cheap. 239 34 st
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms; 35c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage io and from ferry. .
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. in.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription j
reeeived at Call branch oftlie. 2200 Flllmore.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. r.C"! Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d Fts.
GET your shoes half soled while waiting; 23c
to uOc. 663 Mission fit . bet. 1st and 2:1 sta.
HORSES AA'D WAGOXS.
25 HEAD of kooA work horses and mares, suit-
, able for contractor* or ranch work, must be
sold; auction sales every Monday at 11
o'clock at Iillie-et. Stab!-. C15 JSUls St.; If
you want to buy, . se I pr exchange anything
In our line give us a call; all horses sold
from this, establishment must be as repre-
tenled. 8. WATKIXS. Auctioneer.
WILL clore out a large »took of horses-, wag-
ons, surries. buggiep, carts and harness at
auction. January 10. at 11 a. m., at 1140 Fol.
kit. «t.
FINE rubber tire trap and Dneumatic tire bug-
jry and surrey, nearly new. O'BRIEN'S,
Golden Gate ave. and Polk «t
FOR sal? — Handsome trap, cheap. Box 3759.
Call office. :
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon
and go-cart for sale cheap. 532 Mission st.
Largest assortmt 2-hand wagons, buckb'd. sur-
rey.hamess.work.drtvir.g horses. 15th-Valenda.
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list of houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G.H.UMBSEN A CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A — BOUSES and flats to let; an immense list;
t ervire absolutely £ree; take .advantage of
this department: it will save you time and
trouble. Cordcs Furniture Co.. 2_-2U> Geary
tt.,- en the cquare. |
BEFORE moving get our printed list of houses
to let. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 25 Post st.
HOLafc-S KtRMSHhlU — FOU SALK.
FURNITURE for sale at 1411 Van Ness ave. :
magnificently furnished house, complete;
carpets, picture*, draperies, farniture and
p!! other furnishings; good tenant can have
leuse. .
LOST AA'D FOUKD..
LOST— January 7, in going from 2513 Broadway
to 2J25 Jackson st via. Scott st. Pacific ave..
and liuchanan «t. an open-work black enamtl
pin v:th pearl in center. Finder will be lib-
erally rewarded by leavihi? ume at 2513
Broadway. MRS. J. G. KITTLE. .
LOST — January 11, either on boat from Stock-
ton or alone wharf to Sacramento-st. cars,
pair ot gold lorgnettes, octagon eyes; liberal
reward. Return i'.S Eleventh avenue, Rich-
mond
LOST — A patsshook with th« Hibemla Savings
and Loan" Society of San Francisco. In the
name of JOHN A. or KATIE DOHHRTY,
No. 1 02-411. The finder will please return to
bank. ? ¦ ,
LOST— <Jold drg collar, ornamented with pearls
and turquol»es; finder will receive reward.
Answer to box 3CS>, Call office.
LOST — dV. Geary' st, black ribbon belt with
Chinese silver buckle. Return to 1005 Geary
St.; reward.
LOST— Brown, short-tailed, long-eared^ shaggy
setter; Dr. Howard's Dick L. Liberal re-
ward If returned to 1&CS Masonic ave.
LOST — Small circle diamond pin. PleaFe re-
turn 2512 Pacific ave. and receive reward.
MEDICAL
MRS. DH. WYETH. epeclallst for. all female
complaints; Instant relief guaranteed; 30
tears'- experience; removed to 826 Post it . -,
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. 100S% Market st. opp. 6th.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES ia EARS
positively cured; new method; 1 week's treat.
. inent free. Dr. Cottlcgha— , 204 Sutter it
Dr*. Goodwin. 733 Turk. nr. Van Ness — Expert
in obstetrics, female complaints; inst. relief;
treatment $10; hours, 10 to 0; 25 yean' exper.
MUSICAL IXSTHUMEXTiS Con.
JUST arrived. 3 carloads new pianos, for rent
$3 mo. ;' 11 good second -hand pianos to be
sold at cost. Scott-Curtaz. SCO Hayes st'
A FEW unredeemed storage pianos (also fur-
! ¦ nlture) will be sold to pay storage dirt cheap.
WHITEHEAD'S storage, 1G30 Market st
ALMOST new upright; cheap; cash or lnstall-
ment. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st .
BEAUTIFUL 3-pedai Stelnway upright piano;
perfect order; sacrifice. Keeffe's,285 O'Farrell.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecillan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post st
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. I H.
MUI.LER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
TO let — Large stor-i and basement. 10 Turk st.
near Market: cheap rent. .
ELEGANT oftlce j at Edinburgh, cor. Powell
and Geary, opp. St. Francis.
NICE fine oince to let; also fine front desk
room. Call at 410 California st.. room 21.
PERSONALS. ~~
GRADUATES of New York School of Massage.
Osteopathy, vapor and electric baths; face
vibrating machine for rheumatism; genuine
tubs, bot and cold water; trained nurses as
attendants. Prof, and Mrs: Morris. 40tf Geary.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves Its growth, slops falling, cures dandruff
and Itching scalp; no stain or stlcklnesa;
.cleanses scalp; at druggists', hairdressers';
accept no substitute. Star Remedy Co.. 1333
Polk st . I
NOTICE— W. WITTLAND & CO., wholesale
fruit dealers, of 207 Washington 'st, have
sold out to the Independent Fruit Com-
pany '(Inc.). Jan. 12, 1004.
A NEW Idea In Jewelry and Central American
curios. Indian curtains, draperies, shawls,
etc.; the only store In the city that carries
this. FROW1SS fc SON. 1239 Polk, nr. Sutter
NOT how £heap but how good is the motto ot
the manufacturers of .the Rapid Rotary
¦Standard the sewing-machine of to-day, J; .
,'W, EVANS, agent 1021 Market st
PHYSICIAN. 15 years' experience, cures per-
manently morphine, cocaine habit Call or
address Central Pharmacy, 251 Grant are.,
: corner Sutter st; fee. moderate....
RAG carpents wove to order and for sale; also
" chenllle-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine, in hank ' or chain, at lowest
rates. Ceo. Matthews. 700 Fifth at.. Oakland.
MRS. EATON, electric needle specialist has
moved to SOU Sutter, Lincoln blk.. room 609.
MISS EATON to 233 GeaTy, room 38.
SPECIAL OFFER for 1 mo.; ladiea' suits made
to order: first-class work; $10; with material
furnished $20 up. At M. WILSON; 3S0 Geary.
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drugs dis-
eases positively cured by Willow Bark Co..
< 1839 Polk st: consultation free: call or write.
LIQUOR habit cured in 2 days—Br no charges;
/ guaranteed. Acme Liquor Cure Co.. 997 Mar-
ket st.. room 203; phone South 7S1.
AT less than cost, uncalled for suits, overcoats,
' and trousers, at CHARLES LYONS' London
Tailor.- 721. Market at
DANCING Tueeday. Thursday. Saturday, Sun-
day evgs., Teutonla*HalI. Howard st, near
- f»th: Prof. Foster;. society dancing taught.
SUPERFLUOUS hair, moles perm, removed
.by electrolysis. Mrs. L.B.' Johnson, .139 Post.
Bon Marclie Pants Co. ; • special $5 pants to or-
df r. Rooms 14 & 16. 40 Ellis..- Tel. Drumm 44.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
. orders.. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
tric needle. Dr. & Mrs. Traverse. 1170 Market,
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pants $2 50.
Misfit Clothing' Parlor, eor. Bush and Dupcnt.
ALFREDUII'S Egyptian Henna restores/gray
hair to Its natural color; $1; at all druggists'.
*" PALMISTRY.
MME. DEVAS. scientific palmist and nstrolo-
glst; pa'.m readings $1; 3 questions by ex-
i press, $1 ; open Tuesday eve. also. 130 Post st I
MME. NEERGARD. located at 241 Post; hours
I to 5 daily. Phone -.Taints 1. ' Classes.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. SIS
Taylor st.. near Geary. Phone Plack 661.
PHYSICIANS A\D SUUU-OXS. ''
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL^Offlce and residence.'
102H4 Market st. bet. Cth and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
DR. M. MATSCDA has returned from Orient
Now at SE. corner Geary and Taylor sts.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073& Market tft".
REMOVED — DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason; now Io-
cated at 067 Geary st.. near Leavenworth.
DR. TONG PO CHY. successor to Dr. Ll Po
Tai, herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use.ot herbs and teas. 727 Washington st
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor— All dls-
¦ eases cured by Chinese herbs. 740-S Clay st.
SPECIAL AOTI CES.
THE secretary of the St. Francis ftlrls' Di-
rectory Orphsn Asylum herewith gives notice
that the following orphan, half-orphan and
abandoned boys and girls have been admitted
to the asylum at Central avenue and Waller
street from July'l, 1903, to January 1, 1004:
Hazel Kane. 0 yrs; Claire Kane, 2 yrs; Hazel
Roche. 10 yrs; Margaret Roche, 13 yrs: Lll-
lle Ivers, 7 yrs: Edna Ivers. « yrs; Joseph
Smid, 4 yrs; Ella Creque, 0 yrs 4 mos; Ger-
tie Robinson. 1 yr 11 mos; Edward Tansey,
7 yra; Joseph I.'amDel, 5 yrs; Olander da
Fresel, 0 yrs; Hannah Murphy, 8 yrs; Patrick
Murphy, 4 yrs: Timothy Alurphy, 3 yrs: An-
nie Farren, 10 yr3; Manuel Sllvera. 5 yrs 4
mos; Andrew Varney. 5 yrs; Noble Varney,
4 yrs; Francis McCarthy, 8 yrs; Elsie Mc-
Carthy, (i yrs; Irvin McCarthy. 4 yrs; Eve-
lyn McCarthy. 13 yrs; Allan McCarthy, 12
yrs; Paul Paoeera, 3 yrs: Peril Papeera. 2
yrs; Krancls Hornbeck. Ill yrs: Qeorse Bo-
han. G yrs: Frank Cacace. 4 yrs; Annie
O'Connor. 10 yrs; Ruth Courtland, 11 yrs;
Daisy Sargent, 5 yre 0 mos; Harry Holver-
son. 7 yrs; Mary Matthews. 0 yrs; Rose Mat-
thews 5 yrs; Frank Matthew*. 2 yrs 9 mos;
Joseph Waters, ll yrs G mos; Thomas Waters.
4 yrs 5 mos: Ruth Smith, 10 yrs; Mary Mag-
gio, 10 yrs; Raphael Magglo, 8 yrs; Louisa
Kot-nig. 8 yrs; John Reardon. 6 yrs; Eddie
Reardon, 4 yrs; Mabel Adams, 8 yrs; Georg«
Adams, 0 yrs; Frank Adams, 5 yrs: Harold
Spregue, 10 yrs; Lesley Spregue, s yrs; Marie
Drentland, 0 yr»; Victor Drendand. 3 yrs;
Loney Wolf, 2 yrs 'j mos; Stella Panla. 10
yrs 6 mcs; Dorothy Roe, 12 yrs; Mary Clark,
10 yrs: Agnes Clark, 0 yrs 3 mos; Annie
Clark, 7 yrs: Catherine Clark, C yrs; Frank
Ivers, 4 yrs: Madeline Clark. 2 yrs: David
Mitchell, 8 yrs 4 mos; Rose Mitchell. 0 yrs
II mos; Catherine Coyle, 8 yrs; Dan Coyle,
• « yrs; Francis Coyle, B yrs; Hannah Coyle,
. 2 yrs; Francis Everdinz, 5 yrs; Thomas
Everdlng. 2' yrs; Mary Schluch, 10 yrs:
George Voslne. 3 yra; Leo Goethals, 7 yrs;
Herbert Kalries. S yrs; Rose Kalrles, 6 yrs;
Isabella Bedella, 7 yrs; Ellen Ante, 11 yrs;
George Tracy. •» yrs: George Hunter. 7 yrs 6
mos: Henry Foster, b yrs; Eva Narvls.- 7
yrs; Josephine Narvis. 5 yrs; Ira Malnburg,
8 yrs: Leonard Malnburg, 7 yrs; Mary Caro-
line 'Nowlan, G yrs 11 mcs. , -
THE Pacific Hebrew Orphan Asylum and Home
Society hereby *lves notice that they have
admitted Into the orphanage from July - 1.
1903. to January 1, 1004, the following-
named orphans, and half-orphans, boys and
girl?, viz. : Rebecca Rabinowltz, aced A
yrs. 4 mos. : Tony Rabinowltz, aged 5 yrs. a
rnos.; Lillle Goldberg, aged 8 yrs. 4 moa.;
Rosl» Goldberg, aged C yrs; Israel Forman,
aged 4 yrp. 5 mos.; Rebecca Fabian, aged 8
yrs. 2 iros.: Philip Fabian, aged 7 yrs. 11
mos. ; Fanny Fabian, aged 6 yrs. 3 moi.;
Julius O>hen. aced 4 yrs. 8 mos.; Pauline
Ghlnsburg. 11. yrs. 3 rooa.
NOTICE Is hereby given that the Maria Kip
Orphanage Of C20 .Lake St.. San Francisco.-
has received the following orphan and half-
orphan girls from July 1. 1903, to January
1 1304: Violet K.'Lundberg. « years; Ma-
bel Campbell. 12 years; Margaret Campbell,
0 years; Amy K. Rice. 8 years; Bessie B.
Cook '12 years; Elizabeth Kerr. 4 years;
Annie Herrold. 12 years: Elizabeth Herrold,
10 years: Ida Herrold. 8 years: Alice Her-
rbtd 8 -years; Hilda Herrold. 4 years; Ida
Rule ' 0 years: Mabel E. Rule. : 7 years; Dor-
- othy'R Au Buchon. 12 years; Ruth Louise
Au'Buchon. 8 years; Thelma Haven. 4 years.
THR following children have been entered \U
the "' San : Francisco • Nursery • for ¦ Homeiesa
Children:' George James Miller, age 1 vear;
Anita Mulligan, age 5V& years; Joseph Mulli-
gan age 3% years, and Veronica Mulllg_,
age 2 years, all half orphans.
Ladles'. Chlchester's English Pennyroyal Pills
are bf6t: safe, reliable; take na other. Send 4c
stamps for particulars. "Relief- for Ladies"
-In -letter "by retnrn mall. Ask your druggist.
Chlehester Chemical Co... Philadelphia. Pa.
_^ TYPEWRITERS j ; AND SUPPLIES, i .
AN exceptionally good' No. 2 Remington,' No. 1
Smith Premier.- $25; other -typewriters at'
higher. and, lower prices; rentals $2 50. " The
Typewriter Exchange. 536 California ; st -~
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; get par-
ticulars of L. — M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont.
-. gomery.' st. ,.;_ " ;. , :".-.';,.^ .i .'. -' "
A typewriter at any price; agents Fay-Sholes,
$100: Sun.' $40: Commercial. $35] Postal. $21.
CUNNINGHAM. CURTISS A WELCH. .¦.-.. . ¦
ZD-HAND' typewriters 'sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriting Insvec. Co.. COS Market.",
- ¦——i—nsnr -n-'i^rTlTii ¦ ,-nrr'iiiii %-,mAWIM.. i U < • l^ ni*_»»iif im Vnrrh t
MEDICAL Continued.
VALPEAU'S female pills; best regulating pills
fcld; price #2.10 by express. Pasteur's
syringe and tablets; price $5. By express
only on receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTH-
ERS, wholesal'? druggists. Seventh and
Broadway. Oakland.
DR. G. W, O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
In trouble ccnsult this specialist on female
complaints: positively corrected: the unfortu-
nate helped: the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office, 1018 Market st-
MRS. D. ALLEN. HIS Market— Reliable ladle*'
¦specialist; a private home . before and durlnl
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
ER. ROSEN resides 2"J05 Folsom St.. corner
26th; ladies, relief or no fee; $10.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment; ll2C Market st
DR. NG TOY KEE, 319 Powell «t, opposite
Union Square: all diseases cured by herbs.
MIXING AXD ASSAYIXO.
20 EXPERI E^C^D^rnlnVrs^^ork"f^r~stocirin
valuable Arlsona mine; board, expenses, fare
paid. 72« Starr King bldg.
BnsCEiLAXEOl'S FOR SAL—.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN, Z05-197 Fremont at
TRY ASBESTOS roof paint and be convinced.
that It is the only paint that will stop all
leaks in any roof, either metal or shingle; It
it also the best preservative paint for all new
metal and shingle roofs, and makes tho root
last over twice as Ionic than painted with
any other paints; It has no equal. Office. 41!)
California St., room 21 ; telephone James 5716.
_________________
Repair It with elaterlte; in rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good over old
iron, tin or shingles; best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market St.
2D-HAND machinery, boilers, engines, pumps,
pulleys, chafting, etc.. etc., bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday pap?rs.
¦H. S. WHITE MCHY CO., 130-132 Beale st
• A.— Fine suits. $7 50; dress pants, $2 50. Origi-
nal Misfit Clothing Parlors. 238 Kearny st..-
near Busb: open to 9 p. m.. Sunday to noon.
A. — Buys, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st
FOR sale. — 5 cocker spaniel' black thorough-'
bred oups, 6 weeks old; cheap. • 2030 How-
ard st. • . - ,.
A HANDSOME new Persian baby lamb pillow
muff and laree stole: cost $100: accept $30.-'
lOCti Halght St.; phone Page 718.
TYPEWRITERS, slightly used, sold at cost;
new Underwood visible typewriter catalog
gent free. R. E. Revalk & Co.. San Francisco.
ALTERATION sale — Best $2 50 $1 50
Popular Price Hatter, 330 Kearny st, near
Pine; open to 9 p. m. ;, Sundays to noon. *
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 BO pair:
foot-form shoes at $2 50; , we pay express
charges, ll 3d gt. Exam, bid.: catalog free.
S^jc ROLL and up; fine wall paper; samples
mailed; pafntlnp, tinting, papering. M. MER-
IGAN. 1302 Webster. Tel. Jackson 1321..
A FINE selection of trunks, suit' cases and
tailor-made suits Fold en small weekly pay-
inents. .Misfit Clothing Parlors. 25 Stockton.
Selling out Roller Canary. birds; males and fe-.
male g; Goldfinch Canary mules. 3168 lGth st.
SAILING ark* for fishing and fcuntinit 323
Bush Bt., third floor, room 4.
MILES of pipe and fittings.: all sizes. EU-
GEXE HILEY & SONS. '109 Vallejo st
SAFES and cash registers, new and second-
hand. I: FREEMAN. 13ZT Market st ¦ "
SOME good second-hand gasoline engines, 1 to
12 H. P. cheap. E. B. Beck & Co.. 122 Mkt
FINE steam automobile; first-class running or-
6>r. W. V.. 520 Lyon st. San Francisco.
SLOT machines cheap: Chicajroes, Twentieth
Centuries. Pucks. BACIGALUPI. 033 Market.
DESKS ar.d safes; see the complete line at 1818
Market, ab. Van Ness. FflCHARDSON BROS.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER^
MANN SAFE CO., 307 Battery at
NEW and second-hand machinery of all kinds.
KP.OqH MFG. CO.. 510 Market st,
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental:
bargains. Bullard & Breck. 131 Post st.
SAFES— New ar.d second-hand. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market st.
Edison phonoEraphs, records, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. Baclgalupl. 033 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sizes. J. E.. DOAK. *0 Fremont st.
ASK lor prices on second-band typewriters: all
makec ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y.
WANTED — Wooden water tank about UxG.
Box St'S. Call office. ,
BOOKS and libraries bought. H. C. HOLMES.
1149 Market St.; phone Jessie 3741. or postal.
I PAY highest prices for all kinds of cast-eft
clcthlng; teml postal." MORRIS, 870 Folsom.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 flth st; tel Jessie 2831.
m^J5jL3^ loam.
aaa— herman muufh~£
tOl-602-OOf Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointment
Save exBtrmes by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
est?, assignment* of r*nts, property in trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Srriotly confidential.
When- You Need Money
See HERMAN* MURPHY.
MONEY leaned to sa'arled people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding- houses, without
security; erjyy payments; largest business in
4G principal cities. Tolman, 553 Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY rftDectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at '-
per cent interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store.
840 MarKet: tel. Main 1C44. Branch. 19 Third.
A— 1 per cent on furniture or piano: no remov-
al, no commission, no publicity; $25 up; quick,
private, confidential. 26 Montgomery, rm. 7.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant ave..
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10.000.
MONEY to loan on low interest: gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and Dreclous stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth at.
NEW easy method — To wage<-earners on unln-
dorstd nctes; abtolute privacy. Fidelity Loan
Company, rooms 4S-49, Chronicle bldg.
TO salaried people without security: on furni-
ture:. indorsed noten and other eecurlty. 3. F.
Discount Agency, 143 Phel&n building. »
AT lowest rates on furniture and pianos; strict
privacy;riO commission ;installmonts accepted.
BONELLI, 301 Eddy. .Conservatory building.
ANY sum on furniture or pianos; no removal;
lcw€« rate: easy payments; no conrmlssion.
1170 Market st.. room C8., .
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 oer cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank*. 538 Kearny.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN. room 81. 6 Eddy a I.
1 PER cent on furniture or pia.no. 1003 Mu-
tual Savings Bank bldg.. 708 Market at
STAR Loan Co. cf Wyoming: loans money to
EAlaried employes. R.311. Mutual Sav. Blcbld.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes wlthou;
inrtorrer. MORELL. cm Examlnpr building.
~~. MOXEY WASTED.
$400 WANTED on choice 'suburban lots; Inter-
est 10 per cent. Address box 373, Call office.
musical ijistrdmests.
aTl~ ~p7ughtsT~ -~~~
Kimball, fancy walnut ..$30
Collard $.17
Stelnway $JO
Henry Hertz $73
Occidental $K2
J. & C. Fischer .....;..$U9
3 Ejnersons. walnut, rosewood, mahog- '
any. same new, each i , $1S7
Colby, cannot be told from new...... ..$235
Chlckering .....'. .'.$187
[ 2 Steinways. lar^e and small size. - al-
most new $195 .$325
Heine $475 style, slightly used ; .$285
And 200 others.
All pianos sold are guaranteed not to be d<:-
fectlve. ¦-. Examine this list. We have never
had such a 'great variety at so low a prfce.'
Rents.: $2 up; Installments, $4 up. HEINE
P1AK0 CO.. 235-237 Geary at.
OUU .. low ¦ price sale has been so successful
during the past week, that we shall, continue
It for one week loncer, as many who have
been . looktiur have - not been able to - close.
Remember that all our pianos are included
in the offer. Easy 'payments if desired. THE
ZENO MAUVAIS' MUSIC. COMPANY, 763
Market, at •'¦• .-.•.-. •''-.; - .-. ; /. : ...>;ji ..
A FINK lot of bargains in second-hand pianos,'
Including such makes as Stelnway, Halnes
Bros KnaM, Bavin. Foster. Weber. Star.
Marshall & Wendell. Sterling and other
makes. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, 16 O'Far-
rell st; no branches In San Francisco.
A FISCHER upright piano for sale; good _
new;. $.135, .. 237, Geary., at .:....:. ,
$€5— UPRIGHT piano; Steck mahogany: nearly
new. HORNUNG BROS., 216 McAllister »t ,
FLATS TO LET,
A— HOUSES an<J flats to let: an tntren*- list;
wviee absolutely free: take advantage of !
this derrnrtmcct; it win save you time and
trouble. Cordfg Furniture Co.. 245-259 Geary
' ¦ . en the square.
; izz
ALL or the most desirable flats and houses are
listed in our renting department ; Set us give
ycu a list anu hi!;' you find one in th«- loca-
tion you want. BT_B__CO FURNITURE
COMPANY. ICO Market St.; services abso-
lutely free. '
TO let — Fliit: 0 rooms end bath; latest Improve-
mmh. 121<» Alabama st Key at corner
cr->cery; rent $25.
_I"»DY. !!o2— '.» rro:r.s; hall, parlor end dining-
i-or.m f ro&cced ; tiled bath.
Mf »TJ.._'11_t. 331— UnfurnUl-ed parlor floor 4
rooar;!-. br.th; adults: call before ."5; $20.
NICW sunny lower flat. 7 rmns and bata.
",.i(i st. : rent *S."i.
• -/l\T? ._^ OK SALt:: — KIH.MMIEII.
PJUECTY soir.K East will soil furniture of "c-
ro.>m fi:t. cheap; very sunaj"; rent S2.'5. Bos
2<r;. C.-ui office.
t'lUMTlUK FOR SALE.
FURNITUIi E for B—fl Bt 1411 Van Ness ave!
nu<>: _ac_Acestly furnished houM;, com-
plete; carpets, pic mum, draperies, furniture
ar.ti r^l other rivrrjishinss; good tenant can
iiave lease.
A — U:-ars beJs. hair rr;attrc«:es. w?athi»ml ma-
rngar.y, rr.ap>. furn.. handsome dining rait,
draperies, curtains: tel. Page 71S. 100C Haight.
FURNITURE of 4 rooms fcr sale cheap. Aftei>
noons 2Zj Mi^na 5t.
rlUMTlHC WASTED.
HIGHFiT price* fcr furr.itare and mdse. L. H.
BURP. auctioreer.lSlSMkt: tel. Howard 2756.
A. WOi LPERT. 773 Mission, phono Red 44C2.
b^-.H. rerty. repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE. ~~
COOK. 2 in family, $40: cock, small reetau-
rant, $'JT>: parlor maid and wiiitrers. $30. $-'^i;
-;; coiiVlk, German cooking. $¦&; 3 nurse girls'
$15. $20. $25; 4 eecend girls. $20. $25; 2 maids
and seamstress. $25; waitress for hotel,
country. $25. fere here: 2 dishwasher*. *2t>,
$25: 40 housegirlB. city and country $20. $25
*J<>. AMily to J. F. CROSETT _ CO.. S^4
tiuvfr f>t
•A KCBS8 for one child. 3 years, in Alameda.
$2fi; 2 waitresses for same boardiag-house,
S2S each, room and beard; a woman to cook
one meal a day, to po from 4 to <} o'clock,
$12 a month: a laundress for private family,
$3o, must be willing to do little chamber-
work: a chambermaid and seatr.str-ees for
private family, wages $2— MISS PLUN-
KETT. _5 Sutter gt.. nrar Powell.
AT Fan Fran. Esp. Bureau, 274 Fourth st—
Lady solicitors; nurse g'.rl. city. $20: cook for
ranch, $25; housework. city. $25; light
housework. Berkeley, $18. Phone Grant 2'J.
A— WANTED — Girls to learn t_lrdress!&g
manicuring, etc.; trade" taught frcm A to Z
1c - week*: f3 to those emerinr now; 3 po-
ilticrie to fill Immediately; positions guar_i-
iecd et $10 per week up; leading school In
West. 233 Geary et.. room 13.
A — Girls to Jetrn millinery now ror spring sea-
tcn: botb seasons taught from start to finish
in 1 month for $10; positions ae trimmers,
eaies_dies, <rtc. guaranteed at $10 per wk u>;
day end evening c_es. 143 Stockton st. r. 13.
A — LAriHS to leara all branches hairdrsrstng
trad*-; manicuring, maesage, etc. 1236 Mar-
ker st.. ror. Jones, room 34; positions secured
at blfb^st wages; „.>• and eve. claw; call.
EEXVING MACHINE OPERATORS AND niV-
ETEI'.S; NO EXPEHIENCE NECESSART-
PAIL. SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S
FACTORIES. 32H FRF.MOTCT ST. AND 1873
M1_?ION. NEAR FIFTEENTH.
PRE£.«ERS ON GOLF & NKGLIGEE SHIRTS
STANDARD FACTORY. COR. OOl*GH
AND GROVE STS.
WANTED — Toung: woman for Kesiral house-
work; email family: no wasliing; j»rivilpge of
a home; oora^derate tiv-attnfnt; wapes S2O.
Apply «pn BetJ7 *t. and Lak»> ave.. Oakland.
TaU»» uaH-ave. car to Perr>- rt.
GIRL Wii'ifd— Swoncl work and waiting: ounny
"room; SJO; reffr*-nces required. 2.'*'IW I>evisa-
d»>ro j=t. ; car fare paid.
<JI!*J. for eeneral hrjut^-work. 3 in family. Ap-
ply between IV and 12 o'clock at li)l» Green
fct. ; csr far* t>ai<J.
WANTED— Girl fcr upstair? work and j»>w-
Ing. Call between 10 and 12 o'clork, 2024
Jackson st
OPERATORS end machine hands wanted at M
i-'IMINOFF'S. 122S M&rket st.
YOt'JCG girl to acEirt housework and cotiklng.
'J'.i - Golden Gate ave.
GIRL for good plain cooking and general
housework; $25 month. 1171 Bush st
GIRL for gentral housework and cooking. 3C09
Seventeenth et.. Dear IJoiores.
AV ANTED — Girl apprentice rents' haU; girl for
baby. 101 I^avenworth et.
LITTLE g!rl to as«ist with 2 children; good
home. Z'.io Washington *t.
WANTED— Girl to assist with cooking; wages
$10; call forenoon. 1705 Osk Bt
¦ ______
KXPERIENCED arm waitress wanted: *» a'
week. C31 Clay »t.
"WANTED — In Ean Rafael, strong, intelligent
girl, abrut 2*1 years, cmersl housework;
wages $S0 month. Address, with references.
H. B.. &QS Fourth st., gan Rafael. Cal.
— For the country, a competent wo-
man, good cook, general housework; jrood
wager; references required. Box 357, Call.
WANTED — A lady with musical talent and ed^
ucatiun: $Wto per year. Apply, with re.'er-
er.cr?. the University Society, box 3000, Call.
A BRIGHT, refined young — oroaa as lady'g
rr.z.\i; call before noon. 2315 Broadway.
GIRL wanted for general hourework and cook-
mg. Apply 252S Pine ft.. In raorntng.
VTANTED — First -class coat flnl&her. • 520
Kearny st.. room I.
F1RST-CLA6S stenographers furnished. Miss
M. G. Earrett tngtructor. S02 . Montgomery.
A BRANCH cfflc« cf The Call for the recep-
tion cf advertisements and subscriptions has
!*en opened at 1«QS Market St. opposite
Fifth. Own until 11 p. m.
HE LP WASTED MALE.
A— l'ACIFrC^EliP^Y^in^T^A^E^CCY^ '
526 Montgomery Street — 52H
Ccrntr Clay— Lp»_ir«— Finst F'.oor.
Phone— Main lllil U9l Main— Phone
COAL MINERS— OREGON— NEW MEXICO
Sticker band, ccuntry. north. $3; foreman,
mine. «ec lx»s h«-rc; 2 miners. $75; cook
prtvat- family, city; baket% city hotel $40
to H5 fd; 5 married laborers with famlHe*
of boys, country, box factory; solicitors, tlty.
WANTED— First-class butler for family, $io.
references; cook and wife as helper, small
restaurant $00- J- F. CROSETT & CO., 234
Sutter «t.
WA.VTED — First-class clothing and furnishing
pood* s>ale5man, also carpet and wall paper
ealefman, bcth for interior country etore;
best wapes. See J. P. CROSETT & CO..-U2S
£acrarr.ento fct. -
ANDRE'S Offlc*. 317 Stockton Et. — Fry cook,
$70; t-h«>f cook. $115: cook, smell country
place. *:«) to <4O; waiter, flrst-clacs restau-
rant. $4S; waiter, hotel. $.'>0; dishwasher.
m>: potwasber. $25; gardener. $25; bellboy.
institution. $10: etc.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 20 -Montgomery, r. 12.
nellr.cy. ruuntry, »15.
WANTED — An old nran as watchman. Ap-
ply to MUS. NORTON, 313 Sutter Bt.
A— T. ~~ L
Men to learn the barber trade In. two months
and secure good petitions; catalogue and full
Information mailed free. MOLER ; System
Ccl'.efe. CZ Clay et
GOVERNMENT poritlor.s — Call at room 14.
Cfth llocr. SOB Larkln St.. for free Information
ct to positions, tiaiarles, age limitc. etc.; day
• or «veslr.fs.
SIAN. honest end Industrious; outside work
and collecting; experience not required; sal-
ary 550 mrrth; chance to advance; $300 cash
depcfit required. 20 Montgomery St.. room 8.
WANTED — Thoroughly reliable young mar
for clerical work and oojlectinc; bonds and
references n-quired; salary $40. Box 3<S0.
Cell office.
A MAN or indomitable energy and push, a good
talker. «-ap«y to make money, F. PERSON,
477 and 478. Parrott building
TRY our teen's shoes union made, at $1 and
fi SO pair; foot-tonn shoes at $2 50: we pay
express or mall charge*. 11 3d st. Exam. bid.
r.Mii;M'. wanted, union man. evenings, Satur-
day and Sunday. 1543 Derfsadero rt.
TREER, edge ertter, bottom finisher. Went-
u'orth Shoe and Leather Co.. l'-uh _ Bryant
TOt'NG man help cutting mcatr. 17 to 20;
br_c beet references with you. 502 Pest st,
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
10 PER CENT DOWN.
10 PER CENT EVERY SIX MONTHS
Until Your Lot Is Paid Fqr.
Buy a lot now on Parnassus Heights, when
you have the opportunity to do so for such a
small amount cash.
ON THURSDAY. JANUARY 21. 1904,
At Our Salesroom,
25 POST ST.,
We Will Sell at Auction
50 Residence Lots fronting; Golden Gate
Park, comprising these 2 Blocks,
->.- > *••• -— — - «-¦ _,*_r w*- 1^
»«o |_»
' It » 4 » • » • t
Id . i , m A< » ¦ ;U
l\E__^__3"r
hi » n \ t i| •¦ « u
> ______ » » • ' j>
< ¦ «* . ». . * '<
¦HUGO TV
s u ( ¦ « ¦. *
i __ZI1A4___Z2*!:
L C_b3Sl_Z__I_|3'
— ' * psHt ¦ ' ;o
: • M ,L
¦ « ti • ¦
i <t ¦ •
I 6T
i , — — i - r
being on H, Hugo and I streets, Fourth anil
Fifth avenues; also 10 lota on east line of
Fourth avenue, between Hugo and I streets.
' Unprecedented Terms.
For further particulars apply to
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
25 Post street, or to
Branch office adjoining the property, cor. H
*t and Seventh ave. Open every day. includ-
ing Sundays and holidays.
$150 EACH— 2 lots on Buena Vista ave.. 2
blocks or 29th and Mission; easy tjnns. X>.
COFFIN & CO.. S303 Mission st
ROOMS FOR HOySEKEEPIXG^
ELLIS. 724 — Top flat. 2 or 3 rooms; back porch;
gas range; very airy and sunny; reasonable.
ELLIS. 1909 — 2 large furnished rooms for
housekeeping; gas, phone, bath; $13.
FELL, 176— Elegantly newly furnished suite,
with kitchen. ,
GEARY. 1002— Nicely furnished sunny rooms,
en suite or single: housekeeping privileges;
running water; gas; reasonable.
GEARY. 13JU — Eleeantly furnished suite of 3
rooms; drawing-room; single room.
HARTFORD. 70. bet. Seventeenth and Elght-
penth — 3 sunny housekeeping rooms; new flat
KNICKERBOCKER Apartment«r 1340 Pine »t.
near^Hyde — Sunny 3-rvom furnished suites;
steam heat: electric lighted; fre* baths;
rates $3O up. .
Mt>DEI> House. 12O« Stockton — Nnr ly furnished
hskpg-. single rms.. $5-$12: gas, bath, phope.
POLK. 1020. near Ueary— Neatly furnished
front housekeeping rooms; reasonable. '¦'
APABTiiraT HOUSES.
EL CARMELO — Beautiful apartment house:
just completed. 1719 Washington st. n«ar
Van Ness ave.; 3, 4. 3 and t> rooms and bitn
with each; finished In natural woods; tiled
bath rooms, etc.; genteel residence location;
convenient to car lines; rooms large and
sunny; must be seen to be appreciated. '
MONTCLAIR APARTMENTS.
Corner Pine wnd Taylor sts.; beautiful new
modern apartments; all sunny corner suites;
furnished or unfurnished; none superior; ma-
rine view. LYON & HOAG. 11C Montgomery.
THE GABLES. ~
Cor. Clay and Larkln sts. — Modern 3-4-5-room
up-to-date apartments; furnished or unfur-
nished: all latest conveniences; reservations
ran be made on premises. 1 to 4; terms reaa.
ST. CECILE. 115 Fell, above Van Ness — The
acme of perfection in elegantly furn. 3-room
apartments; private baths, steam heat. elec.
lights, elevator, gas ranges; $30 to 155.
ST. LOUIS. 1575 Jackson st— Modern 3-4-3
rooms, also single; furnished or unfurnished;
marine view; npw open; references.
HADDON HALL.
951 EDDY ST. REFERENCES.' 7
AP__TM— JITS WAST— I.
WANTED — An apartment of 4 rooms furnlshfd
complete: state price and location.; Box 251.
OH office. \
FURNISHED .".-room apartment wanted: close
in. Box 253. Call office.
ROOMS TO LET Porn.mil Vnfnrn.
AURORA, comer Second and Folsom gts.— New
house, new furniture; every room outside;
modern and sunny; prices from $1 CO per
week up; this Is the only up-to-date nous* In
this vicinity: first-class grill attached.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 14S Sixth st— Rooms
2Sc to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night
ABERDEEN. 836 Sutter— Just opened; hand-
somely fur.; cor. suites; bath; sun all day;
fine view; single rm*.; tourists; excL location.
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth sti — Rooms. 25c. 50c. $1. $1 50 night;
$1 CO to '$10 week: house open all nlghc.
BUSH. 912. near Jones — Private residence: 3
exceptionally large connecting unfurnished
rooms: carpets ami curtains; every modern
convenience; 2 very handsomely furnished
rooms (renovated), bath attached; references.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 13B4) — Fur4
nished rooms, suite, single: also unfurnished.
BUSH. 1629 — 2 or 3 light rooms, suite: running
water; suitable for doctor or dentist.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, corner Mason — Elegantly
fumished'sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
FRANKLIN. 721. nr. G. G. ave. — Sunny, furn.
front rooms; suitable for 2; all conveniences.
GEARY. S7S — Sunny front room; $9 per month.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 30c ,
tc $1 CO nisrfct; $1 to $3 week; reading-room.
JESSIE. 363. east U. S. Mint— Furnished
rooms, $5 and $tf per month.
JONES. 919 — Comfortably furnished room; pri-
vate family; all conveniences; cheap.
LARCHMONT. 361 Sutter— Sunny rooms; elee-
trie lights; elevator; central; transient
LARKIN. 917— Nice sunny rooms; bay-window
and single rooms. - ;.-
MANHEIM. 682 Sutter — Sunny front rooms;
strictly first class; transient.
Pierpont, 450 Ellis — Connecting rms., suitable
doctor; otuer rma.^elev.; hot & cold water.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis— Incandescent lights.
. reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms per night. 35c to $150; week. $2
to $3: month. $S to $30: elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold' water: baths.
ST. JAMES. McAllister and Laguna— A sunn;
furnished single room: rent $7.
ETEINER. 807— 2 sunny connecting roomj;
man and wife or gentlemen singly; running
water; bath. . ¦ _
STEVENSON. 7»7H. near -Ninth— Nicely fur-
nished rooms; $5. .
SUTTER. 102214. near Hyde — 2 large sunny
parlors and kitchen or laboratory; gas'grate.
TAYLOR. 113 — Nicely furnished sunny front
suite; also single, front rooms. $2 to $5 week.
THE FREMONT. 1864 MARKET ST.— Strictly
ftrrt -class elegantly furn. rooming hotel.
" TeL South 1133. Capt H. O. Ulberg. Prop.
TO let— Rooms; single or en suite; all modern
improvements; board ontional; near ¦ Ingle-
aide racetrack. . Box S67. Call.
TURK. 72*$4— Newly lurnlahed sunny rooms;
' alngle or eo suite. jMovements of Steamers.
Washington, from Colon.
Sailed Jan 12 — Stmr Yucatan, for Colon. !
FOREIGN PORTS.
VICTORIA— Sailed Jan 12— Jap itmr Shln
ano Mam. for Hongkong.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Jan 12— Br stmr Em
press of India, from Vancouver.
Sailed Dec 21— Aus stmr Kobe, for Cal
cutta. Jan 13 — Br stmr Gaelic, for San Fran
cleco.
HONGKONG— Sailed Dec 24— Br ttmr Clav
erlng. for San Francisco.
ADELAIDE— Arrived prior to Jan 12— Fr
bark Leon Bureau, hence Oct 20.
SYDNEY— Arrived prior to Jan 12— Fr ship
Leon Blum, hence Nov 17.
WALLAROO— Arrived prior to Jan 12— Schr
Solano. faam Port Gamble.
MOJI— Sailed Jan .12— Schr J H Lunsman.
for Honolulu.
NEWCASTLE, Aus— Sailed Jan 9— Ital bark
Mlchele Bianchl, for Honolulu. Jan 13— Br
ship Brodick Castle, for Iqulque.
Arrived Jan 13— Ship Emily Re«d. from
Stmontown.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
XEW YORK— Sailed Jan 13— Stmr Celtic,
for Liverpool and Queenstown.
ANTWERP— .Sailed Jan 13— Stmr Belgen-'
land, for Philadelphia.
BREMEN— Arrived Jan 13— Stmr Kronprlnz
wilhelm, from New York, via Plymouth and
Cherbourg.
MARSEILLES — Arrived Jan 13 — Stmr Re
public, from Boston, via St Michaels, for Na
ples. Genoa, etc.
.,.9 ENOA — Arrived Jan 10— Stmr Citta dl
Mllano. from New York, for Naples.
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed Jan 13— Stmr Kat
ser Wilhelm II. from Bremen, for New York,
via Cherbourg.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide is the same at both places.
United I States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Thf' Marine Department of New Zealand has
just , Issued its second nautical almanac, which
will : prove Invaluable \ to sallormen \ and of no
little interest to the general . reader. It h»«
¦been carefully- prepared and .ably edited bv
Captaia H. S. Blackburne, nautical adviser to
A Book ; for Sallormen.
, The Pacific Mail .' Company's liner Siberia
which left here fourteen hours late, having
waited in the harbor . for , The Call-Herald's
war correspondent, whose overland train was
behind time, arrived yesterday nt Honolulu on
schedule time. She made the run In five days
twelve hours. -.'*.. • . . . ., •
Siberia Reaches Honolulu.
Rupert Hughes, an apprentice on the British
ship Port Caledonia, while helping to ; take off
a hatch yesterday morning fell down the hold
and received Injuries which may pro\-e serious
No bones were broken, but at the Harbor Hos
pital it wan ' feared • the youngster^ had sus
tained Internal hurt. He was removed later
to St. Mary's Hospital. • .
Falls Down Ship's Hold.
The vessels on the overdue list were 'quoted
yesterday for reinsurance as follows: Paris,' 85
per cent: Francesco Giuseppe I and Jeanne
Cordonnler, 10 per cent; Robert Rickmers, 13
per cent: Loch Breden. 90 per cent; Edwardina,
60 per cent, and Martaban, 00 per, cent.
The Overdue List.
The Pacific Mail Company's steamship City
of Peking sailed yesterday for Central America
on a coffee tramping cruise. Old and out of
date as a passenger carrier, the Peking had
been well taken care of and in spite of nearly
thirty years' active eervlce her hull Is sound,
the vessel is seaworthy and her hold 4s just as
commodious as ever. She is a large carrier,
and as the coffee crop Is reported big will be
of great service In moving the product to Pan
ama, where it will be transferred to regular
liners for transportation to the world's market.
City of Peking Sails.
EASTERN PORT.
NEW.TORK- Arrived Jan i 12-Stmr City , of
' HONOL.-VL.U— Arrived Jaa 12— U S «tmr
Burnside. from Seattle.,
-Arrived Jan 13— Stmr Siberia, hence Jan 8;
ti?! 1 ?. 1 " A 2If nif '• f rom ; Sydney. . ,
Euek Jan 12 ~ Schr Ev», from
ISLAND PORT3,
EUREKA— Arrived Jan 13— Stmr Lakme.
hence Jan 11; stmr Melville Dollar, hence Jan
1-.; stmr Acme, hence Jah 12; stmr* Francis
H Leggett, hence Jan 12
Sailed Jan 13— Stmr Melville Dollar, for
heattle; schr Azalea, for San Pedro; etmr Na
varro. for San Francisco: sehr Jennie Stella,
for San Francisco: . bktn 1 James ( Johnson, for
ban I'ranclsco; stmr Noyo, for 8an Francisco;
8m t r A«c O uS', for San Francisco.
¦ M MA Ji SHF1BLD -- A rri v «r' Jan 13 — Ktmr
Marshfleld, hence Jan 9
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived 'Jan 13— Stmr
j^wb^rg, hence Jan 8; stmr Centralia, hence
_ COOS BAY— Arrived Jan . 13— Schr San
Buenaventura, hence Dec 31.
BALLARD— Sailed Jan 13— Schr Oceania
v ance. for San Diego. ,
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Jan 13— Stmr Na
tional Cltv. hence Jan 12
ASTORIA— Sailed Jan 13— Strari Alliance
* n DrSi urn y a ' for San Francisco.
¦¦ PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Jan 12—
££,?i n T d , oro ' Tom Port Gamble. '
: vi P 2, UT , BLA > KELET - Salled J* n IS— Ger ship
N lobe, for Queenstown.
_PORT. HARFORD— Arrived Jan 13— Stmr
coos Bay., hence Jan 12. to sail for San Pedro
Jan 14. at 1 am. .
WESTPORT— Arrived Jan 13— Stmr West
port, hence Jan 12. ~, • •
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Jar* 13— Schr Oka
no^ a . n ;« f . rom ' Man''*, via Port Townsend.
_ TACOMA— Sailed. Jan 13— Br stmr Chins
J\ o, : for Hongkong; etmr Olympic, for Yoko
hama. 1 V ¦ . ¦¦ : - . ..:_.-. . ¦ ' '
DOMESTIC PORTS.
POINT LOBOS, Jan 13, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind XE. velocity 6 miles per hour. ,{
TELEGRAPHIC,
Sj Dec 22, lat 4 N. Ion 30 W; Fr bark Alice,
hence Sept 1, for Queenatown.
' . SAILED.
Wednesday, January 13.
Stmr Geo W Elder, Randall, Astoria.
Stmr Whlteiiboro, Olsen, Greenwood.
Stmr Mundalay. Payne, Crescent City.
Stmr Fulton, Lee. .
Stmr Brunuwlck. Ellefsen. Fort Bragg.
Stmr Argyll. Gilboy. Kahulul.
Stmr City of Peking. Harding. Champerlco.
Br ship Hutton Hall, Thurber, Liverpool. '
Br ship Ben Dearg, Thom, Sydney.
Br barf Inversnald. Ross, Adelaide. .
Bktn S N Castle. Nllaon. Honolulu. .
Schr Mary E Russ, Nyman. - Eureka.
Schr Glen. Peterson. .
Schr Jas A Garfield, Norby. Coos Bay.
Schr Lily, Bottger, Umoqua.
SPOKEN."
Wednesday, January 13.
Stmr City of Peking, Harding, Champerlco;
Pacific Mail Steamship Co.
Stmr State of California, Thomas, San Diego;
Pacific Coast Stearr.shio Co.
Stmr Xorth Fork, Xelson, Eureka; Charl«»
Xelton Co.
Bktn S N Castle. Nilson, Honolulu: J D
Spreckels & Bros Co. .. , .".
Wednesday, January 13.
; Stmr Eureka, Jessen, 24 hours from Eureka.
Stmr South Coast, Olsen, IB hours from
Caspar.
Stmr City of Puebla, Jepsen, 65 hours from
Victoria and Puget Sound ports.
Stmr Bonita. Gielow, . 63 hours from San
Pedro and way ports.
Nor Btrar Tellus. Arntzen, 121 hours from
Ladysralth. ¦
CLEARED.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
The barkentine S. X. Castle sailed yesterday
for Honolulu with an assorted merchandise
cargo valued at S26.010 and including the fol
lowing: 2169 ctls barley, 9 ctls wheat, 50,000
lbs salt, 1009 lbs bread. 65 csks bottled beer,
4484 lbs middlings, 6965 lbs meals. 279 bales
hay. 223 ctls corn, 6231 lbs bran, 8 ctls corn,
26,000 lbs sugar. 600 lbs coffee, 147 pkgs
pickled salmon, 362 cs blasting powder. 423.700
lbs fertilizer, 6690 gals distillate, 2040 gals
gasoline. 63 pkgs crockery and glassware, 10,
200 lbs soda, 25 cs matches, 120 bdls snooks,
120 cs 16 bbls oil, 100 cs soap, 24 coils rope, 27
bdls Iron, 40 pea tank material, 200 bbls lime,
50 boiler tubes.
A Cargo for Honolulu.
' The German thlp Alsterdamm proceeds to
Sydney, Australia, in ballast.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Following were the sales on the Paclflo
Stock Exchange yesterday:
' Morning; Session.
100 Andes 5<>i 100 Mexican 2 85
600 Andes 421 100 Mexican 170
500 Andes 4«l: 200 Mexican 165
900 Andes S8 300 Mexican 185
100 Andes 4t| 100 Mexican t eo
600 Belcher 32i 200 Mexican 1 BO
400 Best &. Eelch.2 451 100 Mexican 1 35
200 Best & Belcb.2 35 1 100 Ophir 6 00
300 Bullion 121 50 Ophir S 60
&00 Caledonia ...1 20 300 Ophir 3 60
300 Caledonia ...1 15 2W> Ophir 3 50
100 Caledonia ...I 10! 250 Ophir 4 CO
200 Caledonia ...1 0B 50 Ophir 3 J»o
300 Challenge Con 35 300 Ophir 3 70
100 Challenge Con Z0\ 100 Ophir 3 40
1C0 Challenge Con 20 800 Potosi "3
100 Chollar 25 300 Potosi 23
500 Chollar 2fJ 100 Potosi 24
100 Con C & Va.2 15 600 Savage'.... 48
100 Con C & Va.2 10 100 Sierra Xev 06
100 Con C &. V.2 02*i 100 Sierra Xev 89
•200 Co« C & Va.2 05 200 Sierra Xev gn
100 Con C & Va.2 00 200 Sierra Xev "* 711
300 Con C & Va.l 93 200 Sierra Xev " 7%
100 Con C & Va.l 90 300 Sierra Xev "" 8-
C00 Con C & Va.l «5o 400 Sierra Xev " «5
300 Con C & Va.l 70 ' 100 Sierra Nev " 70
300 Con C & Va.l SO 300 Sierra Xev " 70
100 Con C & Va.l 75 700 Silver Hill ' «o
300 Con C & Va.l 60 100 Union Con !"l 15
200 Con C & Va.l CO 200 Union Con . 1 ib
2CO Confidence ...1 25 100 Union Con 1
100 Confidence ...1 2O 100 Union Con " n7
l<w»0 Con Imperial.- 02 200 Union Con " as
300 Con NT.... 12 J00 Union Con.iVu
100 Crown Poln*. 20 100 Union Con 1 00
600 Crown Point. 25 100 Union Con " m
\ 300 Crown Point. 27 200 Yellow Jacket 50
100 Exchequer ... jn 300 Yellow Jacket 41
200 Gould & Cur. .43 100 Yellow Jacket 4H
100 Gould & Cur. 41 ICO Yellow Jacket 44
700 Gould & Cur. 40 100 Yellow Jacket 41
10O Hale & Norc. 80 1C0 Yellow Jacket 4->
500 Hale & Norc. 7.T 700 Yellow Jacket 41
200 Justice 15
Afternoon Session.
COO Andes 41 100 Mexican ...162H
100 Andes 4V 200 Mexican 1 W)
300 Andes V.9 100 Mexican 170
10O Andes 38 200 Mexican- 1 73
100 Andes 42 100 Mexican 1 S3
COO Andes 43 100 Ophir .... 3 70
200 Belcher 37 100 Ophir 3 65
700 Belcher 30 100 Ophir .... 3 no
300 Best & Belch. 2 25 1000 Overman 32
100 Challenge ... 31 100 Overman .." -jo
100 Con C & V.I 62^ 100 Potosi no
100 Ccn C & V.I 6TH 100 Sierra Xev... 84
Con C & V...1 60 100- Sierra Xev... 80
100 Con C & V.I 72^ 100 Sliver Hill. . BO
50 Con C & V...1 70 300 Union Con... 03
100 Crown Point.. 31 200 Union Con... 90
250 Exchequer .. 20 200 Union Con... so
200 Gould & Cur. 43 100 Union Con 1 00
200 Gould & Cur. 45 300 Yellow Jacket 60
200 Gould & Cur. 44 4C0 Yellow Jacket 4n
300 Mexican .....1 55 100 Yellow Jacket 52
; 400 Mexican 1 65 : • V. -
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following"*were the sales on the Saa Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
• Morning Session. /
R0O Brunswick . . 06 500 Ray 4 OBrien 11
£00 Evelyn ..... 25 £00 Ton X Star. . 32
«K> Hannapah Mu 25 200 Ton Superior. CO
200 Mont Ton ...1 15
. . Afternoon Session, i ,•' .
'00 Evelyn 25 600 Rescue 07
000 Gold Anchor. 2S 100 Ton Belmont. 61
400 MacNamara . 12 200 Ton X Star. . 3"
•450 Mont Ton ...1 15 200 Ton N Star 31
m a0OTb ' SU " ri0 - C °
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY. Jan. 13-4 p TO
Bid. Ask. _ . B ,' d A ' k
Alpha 11 13 Justice. 15 17
Alta 14 15 Kentuck ..... 03 06
Andes 43 45 Reyes Graea. — 1 fi
Belcher . 40 42 Ladv Wash — in
Best & Belch.2 00 2 10 Mexican .. l fin i rs
Bullion 11 13 Occidental . 7ft ??
Caledonia ...1 00 1 05 Ophir .*4 00 4 lo
Challenge Con 38 39 Overman ... 34 ¦»«
Chollar....... 32 34 Potosi „ . Ho 3l
Confidence ...1 25 1 30 Savage 40 it
Con C & Va.l 75 1 80 Scorpion ..... OS ot
Con Imperial. 04 05 Seg Belcher.. i« ik
Con NY.... 12 15 Sierra Nev .. 79 in
Crown Point. 32 34 Silver. Hill .. 62 . ¦ *»
Eureka Ccn.. — 50 St Louis 20 -_
Exchequer ... 15 24 Syndicate.... 04 rn
Gould & Cur. 43 45 Union Con . .1 00 1 r£
Hale Je Norc. 71 75 Utah 20 "?
Julia... 06 03 Yellow Jacket 61 Eg
TONOPAH MINES.
Bid. Ask. .. Bid Ask
Colehan — IS Rescue ...... 03 07
Esperanza ...' — 02 Ton Belmont.. eo «8
Gold -Anchor. — 2» Ton & Cal... "5
Hannapab ... "¦— 50 Ton * of Nev. ' 5 7%
Hannapah Mu — 25 Ton N Star. .'. 30 33
MacNamara . 10 12iTon Midway.. 42" 45
Mont Ton.. 1 15 1 l'V, Ton «• 8 Lake 15 • 60
N Y Ton .... — 05 Ton Superior. — so
Paymaster .. 09 13 United Ton.. *— ' 12
Ray & OBrien — . 10J • ,
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
300 Challenge Con S5| 100 PotoM 29
600 Chollar 2T 1200 Savage 40
400 Con C & Va.l 75 100 S«g Belcher.. 13
750 Con C & Va.l 70 400 Sierra Nev .. 74
28 Con C & Va.l 50 300 Union Con .. 85
100 Confidence ...1 25 450 Union Con .. 9a
SO0 Gould & Cur. 42 200 Utah 20
100 Gould & Cur. 43, SOO Yellow Jacket 48
Continued From Page Fifteen.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
The Pacific j Coast Steamship Company'*
Spokane, which struck a rock when crossing
Humboldt River bar, was found to have
knocked a. small hole In her bottom.
Somebody, supposedly a discharged employe
of the Hunters Point Drydock Company, cut
some of the ropes attached to the bilge blocks
prior to the docking on Tuesday afternoon ot
the army transport Meade. The blocks had to
be put in place by hand, which considerably
delayed the operation. The transport was not
endangered by the act of vandalism, but the
perpetrator will be prosecuted If his identity
can be positively established.
The- Pacific Mail Company's big- freighter
Algoa is due in a few days from the, Orient
with a large cargo. •
The bark Santiago was docked yesterday at
Howard-street wharf, where she will discharge
before going on the dry dock to repair, the
damage done her port Quarter by the steamer
Rainier.
Water Front Kotes.
The army transport Sheridan is due to-day
from Manila.
The Commissioners instructed the
chief wharfinger to enforce the rule
compelling wharfingers and collectors
to wear full uniform while on duty. The
board ordered the payment «.f $1000 to
ex-Covernor Budd as a fee for services
rendered in the suit of Holmes and
Uhlig against the State. The chief
wharfinger was authorized to spend $250
for a new horse and $200 for a buggy!
The old horse and harness were sold
for $55.
The Harbor Commissioners yesterday
awarded to John F. Rooney, brother-in
law of President ' Charles Spear, the
exclusive privilege of conducting news
stands at the ferry depot at a monthly
rental of $1200. Foster & Orear, the
present tenants, whose tenancy dates
back twenty-three years, were §riven
thirty days* notice to vacate. The adop
tion of the Rooney resolution was by
unanimous vote, but the matter is not
yet closed, for at. next Wednesday's
meeting: Foster & Orear .will be on
hand, they say, with good and suf
ficient reasons for setting aside the
Rooney proposition.
When President Spear first tried to
secure the news-stand privileges for
his brother-in-law, Foster & Orear
were paying a monthly rental of $430.
In a resolution introduced three weeks
ago by Spear the rent to be paid by
Rooney was fixed at $600. Foster and
O'Rear saw Rooney's $600 and went
h m 5580 better, offering a rental of
$1180 a month and asking the privilege
of bidding against any higher offer
that might be made. President Spear
eagerly declared the Foster & Orear
o.Ter an absurdity and moved the
adoption of the $600 Rooney resolution.
To this Commissioner Kirkpatrick
would not a'gree and the matter went
over until yesterday.
Meanwhile Foster & Orear sent
to the Commissioners a certified check
for $1180 for their first month's rent
under the new arrangement. They fur
ther offered to put up a $10,000 bond as
security for future payments. In spite
of this evidence of good faith, however,
the board yesterday gave Foster &
Orear no opportunity to bid against
the Rooney offer, but awarded the
privilege to the latter at $20 advance
on Foster & O'Rear's bid of $1180 a
month, making the rental $1200 a
month.
Whoever gets the much-sought priv
ilege the State will benefit by $770 a
month and the Harbor Commissioners
have some basis for finding out how
much the tax-payers have lost by the
board's failure to realize the commer
cial Klondike developed by the indus
try and sagacity of one of the State's
tenants.
the Marine Department. To interesting Infor
mation concerning New Zealand waters are
added unique and comprehensive tables of
value to mariners In every part of the globe.
The almanac for 1004 shows New Zealand's
Marine Department to be an enterprising and
up-to-date institution.
PACIFIC MAIL COMPANY'S STEAMSHIP CITY OF PEKING, ONCE A CRACK PASSENGER LINER PLYING
TO ORIENTAL PORTS, WHICH YESTERDAY &TARTED ON A COFFEE-TRAMPING CRUISE BETWEEN
CENTRAL AMERICAN PORTS AND PANAMA.
Harbor Board Gives Present Tenants No Chance to Again Raise
the Bid of President Spear's Brother-in-Law and Commis
sioner's Relative Secures Privilege for $1200 a Month
* : — ¦ ¦ v '"'•..' — : ¦ — !•
STATE'S RENT ROLL GAINS HUNDREDS
AND ROONEY GETS THE NEWS STAND
Consecration is contagious.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferrv
building: was dropped exactly at noon to-dav— .
l.;e.. et noon of. the. 12Oth meridian, or at 8
p. m.. Greenwich time. J. C BURNETT,
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. in charge.
Branch Hydrographic Ortlce. U. S. N Her
• January h i a 9 n of. e V Saa
Time Ball.
THURSDAY, JANUARY 14.
Sun rises .7:24
Sun sets 5:1:;
Moon rises 4:38 a. m.
C Time! . Time IT! me Time
£ Ft. Ft. r Ft. Ft.
» JL W| |H W L W H W
14 I 2:28 2.9 8:55 5.9 3:521—0.2110:52 4A
15 3:17 2.9 9:37 5.8 4 :3s|— 0.5 U :35 4.6
16 4:00 S.0 10:19 5.8 5:08|— 0.8 ..........
H W .. ¦ L W H W L'Wl
17 0:16 4.6 4:42 3.010:57 5.5 5:43—04
IS 0:53 4.6 5:24 3.0 11:30 5.3 6:16 —0 2
19 1:27 4.fij 6:04 3.0 12:16 5.1 «:46 oil
20 1:59 4.7| 6:45 3.0 12:42 4.7 7:17 0.4
NOTE — In the above exposition • of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time- the
fourth time column gives the last tide of th«
day. except when there are but three tides as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a. minus (— )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given bv
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters. •
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. Due.
Elizabeth..... Coqullle River Jan. 14
Noyo. Humboldt Jan. 14
Del Norte Crescent City Jan. 14
Coronado..... Grays Harbor Jan. 14
W. H. Kruger Humboldt Jan. 14
Edith Tacoma Jan. 14
San Mateo.... Tacoma Jan. 14
SantaKoia... 8an Diego & Way Pts. Jan. 14
Point Arena. . Mendocino & Pt. Arena. Jan. 14
Chlco Coqullle River Jan. 14
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. Jan. 14
Colon >.. New York via Panama. Jan. 14
Iaqua Humboldt Jan. 15
Pomona.. Humboldt Jan. 15
Columbia. Portland A Astoria..-.. Jan. 15
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. Jan. 15
S. Barbara . . . Seattle & Olympia Jan. 16
Czarina Coos Bay Jan. MS
Rival Willapa Harbor. ......: Jan. 16
S. Monica Grays Harbor Jan. 16
A. Maru China & Japan Jan. 16
Chehalis Grays Harbor Jan. 16
LeeTanaw..... Tacoma Jan. 16
Coos Bay Pan Pedro & Way Ports Jan. 17
Umatilla Puget Sound Port*..... Jan. 17
J.DolIar. ..... Seattle & Tacoma Jan. 17
Tltanla Nanaimo ....Jan. 17
G. Lindauer. . Portland & Astoria Jan. 17
Eureka.' Humboldt Jan. 17
Mera... Hamburg &. Way Pts. Jan. 17
Newburg Grays Harbor Jan. 18
Centralta Grays Harbor Jan. 18
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts. Jan. IS
Spokane Humboldt Jan. 18
Homer.. Grays Harbor Jan. 18
F. LeKgett.... Humboldt Jan. 19
Pomo......... Point Arena & Albion. Jan. 19
North Fork... Humboldt Jan. 10
City Sydney.. New York via Panama Jan. 20
O. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria Jan. 20
Queen Puget Sound Ports.... Jan. 22
San Pedro.... Grays^ Harbor Jan. 22
Korea China & Japan. ....... Jan. -23
Centennial... Seattle & Tacoma Jan. 24
1 TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
January 14.
Coronado.. Loa Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 10
North Fork Humboldt 2 pm Pier 20
Eureka.... Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Spokane. . . . Humboldt . . . V l*.3O p Pier 9 9
Pomo....'.. Pt. Arena St. Albion 6 pm Pier 2
State Cal..' San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Centennial. Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 2<»
Noyo Humboldt' 10 am Pier 2
Arctic Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
' January 15. I
Coptic....'. China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
Serbia..:.. -Hamburg & Way. 12 . m Pier 19
Elizabeth.. Coqullle River..... | Pier 20
January 16. I
Pt. Arena.. .Pt. Arena & Mdcno 4 pm Pier 2
Bonlta. .... Newport & .Way.. 9 am Pisr It
San Juan.. N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
8. Barbara. Los Angeles Ports. 4 pm Pier 2
S. Monica.. Los Angeles Ports. 12 m Pier 2
Chlco... "... Coqullle River....." 6 pm Pier 2
Rainier,... Seattle & Whatcom 4 pm Pier 10
Chehalis... Los Angeles Ports. 9 am Pier 2
. January 17.
Arcata....- Coos B. * Ft Orf rd 12 m Pier 13
S. Rosa.... San ; Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Pomona.*... Humboldt ......... 1:30 p Pier 9
' • January 18. . '•
Nevadan... Hono. & Kahulul. S pm Pier 25
Columbia.. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Iaqua ...... Humboldt - ...... ... 9 am Pier 2
Centralla.. Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 10
Homer Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier '1
. January 19.
Rival Willapa Harbor. . . 4 pm Pier 20
F. H. L«ggt fcos Angeles Ports. 12 m PJer 2
...January 20. \
Coos Bay.. San Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 11
• .••• January 21.
Umatilla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 0
J Dollar. . . Seattle & Tacoma. 10 am Pier 2
G Llndauei Grays Harbor. .... 4 pm Pier 20
Newburg. - J Grays ! Harbor. .^ . 4 pm Pier 10
Sonoma.... Sydney & Way Pts 2 pm Pier. 7
. <. \ January 23. .„ „,
Co j on N Y • via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
O..W. Eldei Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
• '¦•; FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer."' > "For. Sails.
Cottage City. . Skagway & Way Jan. 15 '.
Santa Ana.... Cooks Inlet & Way^Pts. Jan. 16
Farallon.....' Skagway & Way Ports. Jan. 1J J
Excelsior..... Cooks Inlet & Wa*J j»ts.lFeb. 1
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 14, 1904.
14
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Trains leave ami are due to arrive at
SAX FRANCISCO.
(Mala Line. Foot of Marfcet Street.)
i.bat» — Fkom Dicimiia. 1909. — A*Mtr7
VacaTllle. Winter*, Kamter. 7-&S>*
7.00a Benlcla. Suttan. Elralr* aad Sacra-
mento 7.2S»
7.30a Vallejo. Napa. Callitoga, Saata
• Roaa, Martinez, Saa JUmoa I.2S>
730* Jflles, Ltvermore, Tracy, Luthrop.
Stockton 7.25*
1.00* Sniuta Express— (Via ItaTts).
William* (for Harriett Springs).
1 ITUIowa. tFrato. Ked Bluff.
Portland. Taeoma, Seattle 7-55*
t.OOA D»» 1.. Wwodlaad, KnichU Landtag.
MarrsrlHe. OtotIIIo 7.M»
130* Tort Costa, MartJacr. Aatlocn,
Byroa, Tracy. Stocfctoa, V«w-
mu. I.o» Baaos. lleadota,
Annona. Baafortt. Vlsalla,
rortarrlUe 4JS»
••33* Pan CMta. Martin-.au Tracy. Lata-
- rap. Modetto, llerced. Freiao.
Coanea Junction. Han ford.
Vliana. Bakenaeld 4.SSV
•JO* Nllea, Saa Jose, LlTermore. Swc'»-
toa, (tMUtoa), loae. Sacramento,
riacemila, Maryirllle, Cblco,
Red Bluff 4-23*
830* Oazdale. Cataete. Jami-jtowa, So-
nor*. Tvolnmne aad Angels ..... 4.25V
800* AUaatleBxpraaa— Ogden »aa East. 11.25*.
9 JO* Richmcttd, MarCuez and Way J
Station* 8-5S*
10. CO* Tka Orerland Limited — Vgdea.
DenTer. Omaha, Chicago. - 8.25*
10.00a YalleJ* M^.%»
10.00a Los A a ft e lei PiMenger — Port
Cotta, Marttnes, Byroa, Tracy,
LaUtroa. Stockton. Heretd.
Raymoad. Freano, Goahea Jaae-
tloa. Hanford, Lemoore. VUalta.
Bakertflr^d. Loa Aagete* 7JZP
It. 00k Barward. S tlea and Way Statloaa. 5-2Sr
f'.OOr Bwnmoato River Steamer*. 111.03*
J.30r Bealcia. Winter*. Bacraaiento.
Woodland. KalKkti Landing.
Marytrflle, OtotUIs aad way
itattoai 1053*
330f Haywant.Nlleaaod'Wty8tatioai.. 763*
i.SOr Port Costa, Uarttaez, Byron.
Tracy. Latltrop. Modeito,
Merced. Fresao aad Way S:v
tions beyond rort Cowta 12-2S*
S-ZOr Martinez. Tracy. 8tocktoa. Lodl... 10.25a
4.00? Marttne£.San Rjtmon.Vallejo.Xapa,
CalUtora, StntfKo»a .... 9 25*
400r JfU««. Traer. Stocktoa. Lodl 4 25?
4.30? Hayward. Nilet. Irrtatton. S»a I t3.55*
Joae. LITermore ) til.&S*.
S.OOr The Ovi Limited— Newman. Lo» _
R*n«9. 11 endoia, Fresno. Tnlar*.
Diikenfle'.d. Lo* Angelet.
Golden Stmte Limited Ble«p«r.
¦; . Oakland tn Loa Aagtelet, for tai-
cago, Tla C. R. I. *P 8.55a
SCOr Port Coat*. Tracy, Stockton 12 25-
I5.30P nayward. .Vllei and 8aa' Jose 725*
e.OOi* Ilayward, NtleiandSaa Joie 9 55a
BJtOr £astera Express— Ogdea. Dearer.
Omaha. St. Loata. Chicago aad
East. Tort Costa. Bentela. Sul-
¦ us, EJmlra, DaTia. amcrmmnt<K "
Rocklin. Aaburo. Coif ax.,
- Trnekee. Boca. Keao. Wads-
worth, Wlnaentocca S-2S* 1
S.OZr Yalleio. dally, except Sunday.... i , ...
7.00» Vallejo, Sunday oaly ,...f /MF
7X8p Ulrbicond. tiaa Pablo. Port Costs,
Marttaei and Way Stations 11.25a
•XSr Oregon * California Rzprets— Sao- ¦ * - .
ramento. MaryavlUe. Reddlag.
Portland. Pnget Sonnd and Eaac. 8-55 A
9.10? Bayward. Nlles aad Saa Jose (3oa-
daronly) 11.55a
COAST LINE (Harrow u.ac«>.
(foot of Muriel Street.)
••15a Kewark, OatervMf. Saa Jote,
Feltoa. Boulder Creek, Santa
Craa and Way Station* 545*
t2.15* Kewark, Centerrille. Ban Jose,
New Almaden. Los Oatoa.Fe:toa,
Boulder Creak. Santa Cros ana
Prlaetpal Way Station* *10-S5*
4.15> Newark. BaaJose.LosQatos aad I tt.SB«
waysuUons 1 t19 S5«
«330r Bnnters Train, Satnrasy «aly. Saa
Jose and Way Stations. Return-
lag from Loa Galon ftonaay only. {7 2S»»
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
rrom SAM i- 1: AN CISCO. Foot or Market St. (SUot>
-t7:13 9:00 11:00 a.m. 1.00 3 00 6-15 r.v.
Froai OAKLAND. Toot of Broadway — t«:«a j» : ai
T«:05 10:00 *¦»¦ 1200 2.00 4.00p.m.
COAST LINE (Br»U -aa«.).
VBT (Tklrd and Townsead Streeta.)
° 8.10a 8aaJweand Way Sutloas 6.30F
7 00* 8aa Jose aad Way Stations 6.38P
• .00* N«w Almaden (Taea, Frld-, onfy), 4.1 Or
B 00* The Coaster— Atop* only Baa J««e.
Gilroy (Saaacetlon f-»r Hoina.
ter). Pajaro. Castroririe (o»«-
nectlon to aad from Moaterey
and Pactfie Orore), Sanaa*, B»a
Ardo, Pato Bobles. Santa M*r-
garlu, Saa Lais Oblvpo, prtac!?»l
stations theace Serf (oaaaeetlom
for Louipoc), principal nations
thence Saata Barbara.8aa Bncna-
?eatara, Baasaa. Loa Aaceles... 10 CW
t.OO* 8»n Jose. Tres Plnos, Cacttola,
SaataCracPaotflcOrore^aJtaaa,
Saa Lais Obtsp« and prlaetpal
.... "W»t Station* 4.X3r
10.30a Saa Jot e sad Way SUUona. 1.20*
11 30a Saata Clara, Baa Joie, Los Gatos
and Way Stations 7.33i»
IJOp San Jose and Way Stations *J{U
«.C0r Del Monte Kxpreas— Saata Oars,
Saa Joae, Del Monte. Msaterey.
Pacific Orore (connects at Saata
Clara for Santa Cms, Boalder
Creek and Narrow GaaeePolnti)
at Gllroy for Holllrtcr. Trai
Plaoa. at CastmTtUe for SaUau. 12.1Sl>
3&Bt Tres Plnos War Passenger 10 45*
4.30P Saa Jose aad War Stotloaa tS 00a
t5 00 1- Baa Jose, (tI« SaaU Clara) Los
Gatos, aad Principal Way Star
dons (except SaadaT> t9.00A
16 30r Eaa Jose and PrtnclpiU Way Stations 1940a
S-COp Sunset Limited.— Kedwood. Saa
Joie. Gllroy.9aUnaa.Paso Boblea.
fan Lais Oblspo, Saata Barbara,
\ Los Anzele*. Demtatr. El Pu«, -
New Orleans. Now York. Con-
nect* at Pajaro for Santa Cms
aad at Castroriu* for Facrao
Orore and Way Stations 7.19a
rt-15r 8anMateo.Beresford,Belmoat.Saa
' Carlos, Redwood. Fair OaU.
MenloPark. Palo Alto t9-48j
t -70p San Jos« and Way Stations. 6-38*
8 0Op Palo Alto aad Way Station* 10.1&a
11 .30p Soath SsnFranclseo, Mlllbrae. Bar*
Iine»rne. San Mateo. Belmoat,
Saa Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oaks,
Mealo Park, aad Palo Alto 9.43*
sIVSOp May field, Moaauia View. Saaay-
rate. Lawrence, 8anla Clara aad
SsaJose t9.45«
A for tlorntajr. P for Afternoon.
1 Sunday ezcepted. t Bnaday oaly.
a Satnrday only.
I Stops st all stations oa Snaday.
Or~Oaly trains stopping at Valencia St. soathboa«
»rri»:10*.M.,7:0i)i.>i., 11:30 a.m., S:30T,j«..l:-)0r.¥.«j»
1:00 p.x, v
TOSANRAFAEU
ROSS VALLEY,
MLL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc
*** SsmMiito Ptrry.
Suburban Service. Standard Gauge Electric—
Depart from San Francisco .Daily — 7-fjo a-co
0:00. 10:00, 11:CO a. m.. 12:20. 1:45 z'-li. a'-I-C
5:13. «:15. 7:00. 8:15. 10:20. llu5 p m
$gsg&£ jKtntf-^wSSia^
s^To^oV.^ 2^- 3:45 - 4:15 - >¦"• "«S:
FROM MILL .VALLEY TO SAN FRU-
CISCO— Dally-5:ir.. 6:55. 7 :52 S -35 o -55*
11:20 a. m.. 12:35. 2:00 U15 i^ci vVvl t.ni'
7:05, 0:C0. io:S5 p. m . ' " 15> 4C^ "- 05 - *>°^
. ~» THROUGH TR.XIXS.
S:0O a. m. dally— Cazadero and iway stations
_5:15 p. m week days, (Saturdays exceoted?-
Tomalea and way stations. «cepted>—
ttoni** P " m " SatunJay9 - Ca »<lero and way ,tk-
Sundays only-10 a. m.. Point Rcm«* m**
way stations. l *»cjca and
V£FI? "rflCB-CG Market st
FKKRT-.rn.on Der>nt, foo t ot Mafket
W Call $1.00 uerYear
DEATH NOTICES.
Continued From Page Thirteen.
Kmma Akmapn. beloved wife of Charles
Akmann. daushter of ArrHMe Banker, and
MMT of August and Albert Banker. Mrs.
Harry Hml. Mrs. P. de IJernardi and the
late Hermann rtenk-rr. a native of Oerman: ,
ap«*1 -"7 years 3 months and « cays.
inrFrirnds and acquaintances are respect-
fuilv Invite to attend the fun*ral tervices
Thursdav. January 14. VMH. at 12::Wo clock.
at Charfe* J. «. Metzler'r undertaking par-
lors «kW VcrhinKtori »;reet. thene; to Third
and Townsen.' ftreets to 1 :">0 o'clock trai:i.
lnieiment Mr.i-r.t Olivet Cemetery.
BAKKR— In A'.ameda. January 13. lw>l,
« harlPE lUker. hutVand cf Mrs. *\ Baker,
iath r of. Woetman. Arthur. Harry *nd
Maud Bak«r, a natlva of England, aged j*
and acquaintances are respect-
'ullv invited to attend C-w funeral *>ervics
Fridsy. January 15. 1H«. at 11 o'clock, at
;hr funeral car'.or? of James Fowler. 1S-I
Park Ftr*tt. Alamcda. Intfrment Evergreen
Cemetery. ..V
BAKUR— At' hie resiJmce. 1S22 MoAlUfter
uref^ January 12. 1!H>4. Oman >.. beloved
sen of -nicma* F. and Elizabeth Uak?r. and
brother •->« Mrs. A. Cluamsn and I->ederick
licj-d, Lillian Winter and Waj-ne Baker, a
r.8tivr cf Karsa?. azed S3 yarf 2 month*
and 17 days. A member of the taples
I^dgf - v » "«'1S cf (hiro and cf the Third
«'or.nregsticnal Cbarcb Cadet*. <Iola, Kans..
p«{.iers r>lease copy.)
CTFrirnds and acquaintance* are refpect-
fu'.lv invited 10 attend the luneral services
»i<iay. January 15. 19OI. at 11 o'clock, at
the mortuary char>el of the Oolden Gate
Undertaking Comrany. 2175 Mission street,
•lf-er Twenty-flrtt. Remalr.f at hi« lale
tesidenoe until Friday, at 10 o'clock. Inter-
ment Cvareta Laviri Ceraeterj".
BU'MAXS-In this city. January 13, 1004.
n«?rtha, dearly beloved wife of Kr*nk Bau-
ira:,: not^'r of Frank Jr., Fred and the
late Baby Ba-jmcnn. and sister of Mrs.
1 Klitabeth V.erlen, Mrs. An^s Norton and
Kmil Schaerer, a native of t'anton Berne.
Svitrerlar.il, aged 2S years 11 months and 13
tlays. •
CTFriends and acquaintance? are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
< Friday!, nt 1 :S« o'clock, from th» parlors
of H K. S?uhr &. Co.. 1137 Mission strwt.
betwten Stv^nth and EUthth. thence to St.
Anti.cny> Ohurx-h. Army aad Folsom ttreets.
where eervic*s will be held, comm^ncinE at S
o'clock.
Bl'RKHAM— In this city. Januar>- 13. 1004,
bolutaoa. otloved husband of Mamie L.
Burkham. and father of Cecil. Harlan. Nel-
lie snd Kate Burkham. a native of Wheel-
ing. TV. Va.. ag:J *0 yrars and 20 days.
Eynemj»ins ut the parlors of Porier &
¦\\ hite. 4'J?. OcUea Oate avenue. Interment
at Uodie. Cal.
CLL'NEY— In thi* city. January 33. 1904.
Catherine Dene, dearly beloved daughter of
Demit, and Elizabeth Ouney. and fister of
John and Aloypius i'luney and the late Sis-
ter Mary Agnes of the Notre Dame Convent.
• native of San Francisco. iLof Angeles
papers please copy.)
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morraw
<Fnd»y i. at S:30 o'clock, from the residence.
or her V»a rents. 1 1 1« Hamr*hire street, tnence
to St. Peter's Church, where a solemn -re-
quiem hith mas* will be celebrated for the
rrpose of her eoul. commencing at K o'clock.
Interment Holy Cress Cfroetery.
COX— In this city. January 12, 1904, Samuel
Smith I'oj:, a native of Illinois, ared €tt
years. A memb'r of Lyon Pest. G. A. R.
CUNNINGHAM— In the City and County Hos-
T'-tal ' January 12. 1904. Henry Cunnir.gham,
a native it Ireland. a*ed C7 years.
FOTE— In this city. January 11, 1904, Frank-
lin E. Foyr. son of Mrs. Ada Foye and the
late William Foye. and brother of William
Foye and Mrs. Arline Majtwell. both of
Seaiti*'. Wash., a native of San Francisco.
ar<p<l ?5 y^nrs 9 month* and 5 days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
• Friday*, at 2 o'clock, from Masonic Ten-.-
pie. ccrrier Poet and Montromery streets.
Services will be held under the ausnic?* of
Ca!ifi%rnia I/ods*- No. 1. F. and A. M. Re-
mains at Gray's undertaking r>arlor*. 357
Suttor street. Cremation I. O. O. F. Ceme-
tery. ¦
GOECKERITZ— In Pant* Clara. January 11.
1904. Ftunces Goeckerltz, beloved wife of
Ernett H. Gocckerit:. and sister of Mrs.
Ciara (Jrabau and Mrs. I.. Strlpnel of San
Francisco, a native of California, aged 33
years 6 months and 12 days.
GORMAN— In this city." January 12, 15»<M.
William Henry, belored son of Mary and the '
late Jim^E Gorman. «»n<i brother of Mrs. W.
L. Dawes an<! Mrs. S. H. Stewart, a native
cf Sen Francisco.
(PTta* f'jmral will take filace to-day
• Thursday), at fl:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 1713 Turk street, thence to Holy
Cross Churrh. where a solemn requiem mass
» ill be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
-omtnencinj; at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
GRAHAM — In Colma. San Mateo County. Jan-
uary 12, IS<04, Irene Edna, beloved wife of
Samuel F. Graham, daughter of Mary and
William Anderson, and sister of Edfrar,
William, Lillian, Frar.kie and Mabel An-
derson, a native of Oakland. Cal.
CTThc funeral will take place to-morrow
(Friday). Interment Drivate in Holy Cross
Cemetery.
HAMILTON — In this city. January 12. 1904.
Annie IVmrlae Hamilton, wife of the late
Harry Hamilton, and be'.oved mother of
Ir*n<? DouK'.as. a native of Stockton. Cal..
fged 3.8 yt&rt ."i months and 28 days. iStock-
tor! papers please copy.)
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
• Thursday ». at 11 o'clock, from the parlors
of the United Undertakers. 866 Mission
street, between Fourth and Fifth, thence to
the church of the Advent. Eleventh street,
where eervir-es will be held at 11:20 o'clock.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
HARGADAN— In this city. January 12. 1904.
Michael Hanradan. a native of the parish
of Colreigh. County Sligo. Ireland, aced 6S
years.
tyNotic« of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767
Mission street, between Third and Fourth.
HARRIS— In this city, January 12. 1904,
Charles W.. beloved husband of Minnie Har-
ris, eldest son of Xievvs and the late George
W. Harris, and brother of Dr. George R. and
Ben D. Harris. Mrs. W. L. Price and Mr*.
L. Webb, a nat've of San Francisco, a&ed 43
vears. A member of the Third Order of St.
Francis, also of the Catholic Knlchts of
Arm rica. Members please attend. (Oak-
land. C«I., papers please copy.)
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from the residence
of ni« brother. 1513 Larkin street, thence to
Kt. Mary's <Paulist) Church. California and
Dupont strefts. .where a requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul at
10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. . -
HEAVISIDE— In thi* city, January 12. 1904,
Robert, beloved husband of Mary Heaviside.
and father of William and Marjorie Heavi-
side. a native of Durham. England, aged 57
years 2 months and 21 days.
JETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
• Thursds-j-). at 2 o'clock, from St. Luke'o
Episcopal Church, Van Nesa avenue and
Clay street. Interment I. O. O. F. Ceme-
tery- „,,'. ,-v-'.'
HUFF— Ir, this city, January 13. 1904. Eu-
cenia ,K.. beloved wire ot Abram Huff, and
mother of Louclla A. Huff and the late Mrs.
O. W. £>utton. a native of New York.'
KAHER— In this city. January 13. 1904, Mary
r»., beloved dauehter of Rcsanna and the
late Daniel Kah*r, and »isfr of Patrick M.,
I lar.if I. John, George H. and ' Frederick P.
K8her. Mrs. J. N. McDonald, Mrs. James
Rose and Mrs. G. H. Barton, a native of
Ssn Francisco, aced 31 years 4 months and
13 days.
CTFrlends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
• Friday), at S:30 o'clock, from the residence
fif her mother. 1616 Seventeenth street,
thence to St. Teresa's Church, where a re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pow of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
KELLY — In this city. January 13. 1904. Ellen,
relict of the late Daniel Kelly of San Jose,
mother of the late Daniel and Macsrie Kelly,
• nd aur.t of her devoted nieces. Mrs. J. G.
Chase and the late Mr*. J. Moriartv. a na-
tive of County Kerry. Ireland, aged 80 yean
and-i months.
C7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
'Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, at St. Joseph's
Church. San Jc«*. where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the reoone of
her soul after the arrival of the 7 o'clock
train from Third and Townsend streets. San
Fraticlsco. Remains at the Darlors of Mc-
Fadden. McBrearty & Gre«n. 1171 Missicn
ureet. betw«jcn Seventh and Eighth. Please
omit nowene.
LEHRKE— In this city. January 13. 1904. Eva
« 'Urlstlne. beloved wife of the late Henry
Jyehrk*. mother of I^iuisa Lehrke and the
late Aujust Taubmann. and eteDmother ot
A. W.. G. F. and the late W. C. Lehrke a
native of Germany, aged 66 years 7 months
and 10 days.
ETTriends and acquaintances arc respect-
fully itivltf d to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 802 Minnesota street, Potrero. and
thence by electric funeral car leaving Eight-
eenth and Guerrero streets at 2:45 o'clock
to Cyuress I^awn Cemetery for Interment.
Interment r»rivate. •
LEWIS— In this city. January 12, 1901. Addle
Lewia, deaxly beloved daughter of Mr* M.
Lewie, and Bister of Mrs. F. S. Samuels!
Mrs. Lou Gorman and Georw. Albert and
Jchn I^ewle. a native of San Francinco
E/Triend* are Invited to attend the fu-
neral cervices to-day (Thursday) at 10
o'clock, at the residence of her sister Mrs
F. S. Samuels, S15 Eddy street. Interment
private.
M -ADAMS— In Saiuialito. .January 13 1904
Jennie, infant daughter of Mr. and Mrs'
McAdams, a native of Saa Francisco, aged
1 year and 4 months.
C^lnterment pri\-atc
WcNAMARA-In thte.cHy. January 13. 1004.
Patrick, beloved husband of tht late Bridget
F. J. ilOXAHAN. Manager. . T«L*Mlaslon 31
MONAHAN, O'HARA & CO.
6an Francisco-
McNamara. and father of James. Dell, An-
nie. Mamie. Patrick and the late John J.
and Jtcrer McXamara, Mrs. D. Rlley and
. Mik. J. Miller, a native of County Clare,
Ireland, atred 70 years. • ' -*¦;•-
CCTFricnds and acquaintances are reepect-
fully in v it -A tJ attend the luneral Saturday,
January 10. at 0:30 o'clock, from his late
resiu»nc-e, 57 Converse street, thence to St.
.To*ei>h> Church,- where a solemn requiem
maw will be celebrated for the rejxwe of
h!s EtraL "'ommrncinr at 10 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cro«s Cemetery.
MOWRT— In ths city. January 11, 1904, Har-
ript M<»wrv, beloved mother of Kdward
Mowrj-. a native of Providence. R. I. (Provi-
dence. It. I., jispers please cony.)
MYEKS— In this city, January 12. 1904,
S&rali Myers, beloved wife of Louis Myers,
and motier of Gladys Myers, a native of
Han Franciscc, ajrd 26 years.
ET'The funeral will take place to-morrow
fFrlday). at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, "<5 Sheridan street.
O'CONNOR — An anniversary high mass for the
repose of the eoul or the late M. J. O'Connor
will be held at St. Dominic's Church. Bush
and Sttlner «treetft, Thursday, January 14,
irtO4. at 9 o'clock. Friends and acquaint-
ances ate respectfully Invited.
POLLACK— In this city, January 13. 1001,
Johanna, beloved, wife of AdoiDh Pollack,
mother of Alexander Pollack and Mrs. Louis
Cohn, and dearly beloved sisfr of Mathilda
Hertz, a. native cf Wllstedt. Germany, aged
is years S months nnd l."5 days.
ETTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invltei! to attend the funeral to-morrow
< Friday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1323 FP.Imore rtreet. Interment Home
r-f Peace Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train
from Third and Towasend street*.
P.I LET— In this city. January- 13. 1904. James,
beloved husband of Ann Rlley. and beloved
father of James P., Margaret and Minnie
Riley and Mrs. A. Arnold, a native of Liv-
erpool, England.
ROSPMAX— In the city and County Hcspjtal,
.January 15, 130J. Antone Ro«sman, a na-
tive of Germany, ased 50 years.
ROXEl'RG-In th!B city, January 13. 1904.
Reua. btloved daughter of Joseph and Clara
Roxburer. a native of Pennsylvania, ased 15
years 0 month3 and 24 days. /•
SIMS— In this city, January 13. 1904. Susie
A., beloved wife of Peter Sims, mother of
Mamie, Eikn. Irene. George and Willie
Him?, and s'ster of Mr*. William Hurlbert.
a native of San Francisco, aged 20 years &
months j>ntl 15 days.
IC7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
r-.:lly Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday*, nt 9:30 o'clock, from the parlors
•if the Henry J. Gallagher Undertaking
• 'orrpany. 1*0 Fifth street, thence to St.
l'ci"r'f Church for cervices. Interment Holy
Cms Cemetery.
srLLIV.»X— In ihiP city. January 11. 1904.
Jerry Sullivan, a native cf Ireland, aged 62
years. ,
E^Remains at the parlors of Valente.
Marini it Co.. 1C24 Stockton street. •
Sl-XDQUIST— In this city, January 13, 1004.
Herman Sund<julst, beloved brother of
Mathctv SundcuiRr and Mrs. Victor Hen-
drlokfon, a native of Finland, aged 22 years.
ICT'Remalns at the parlors of the United
Undertaker*. 8C6 Mission street, between
Fourth end Fifth.
WAHL— la this city. January 12. 1904. Emil.
dearly beloved eon of Fred and Augusta
Wahl. brother cf Fred Wahl Jr.. grandson
cf Emil and Theresa Schoenbein. great-
grandson of Johanna Eitzen, and nephew of
Willie and Frank Schoenbein, a native of
San Francisco, aged 11 months and 5 days.
IC7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
• Thursday), at 1 :CJO o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his parents, 1625B Folsom street,
between Twelfth and Thirteenth. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
WALKER— In this city. Mrs. Elizabeth Ches-
ney Walker, mother of Mrs. Doro O. Walker,
a native of Kentucky, agsd 76 years 11
months and 1 day.
E7"Servic*s will be held at St. James
Church, corner of Twenty-third and Guer-
rero streets at " o'clock Thursday. Inter-
ment private.
WILLCOX— In this city, January 12. 1904.
Emma J., beloved wife of George W. Wil-
cox, and mother of William H. and Elmer
R. Willcox, a native of New York, aced 54
years S) months and 17 day*. ' (New York
and Peekshlll. N. Y.. papers please copy.)
IC^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Friday, January 15. 1904. at 1:30 o'clock.
at the mortuary chepel of the Golden Gate
Undertaking Company. 2475 Mission street,
near Twenty-first. Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery, by electric funeral car from
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
WINSOR— In thi* city. January 13. 1904. Au-
gustus W. Winsor. beloved husband of Ella
A. Winsor. a native of Johnston, R. I., aged
*>."• V'ars 21 months and 5 days*.
CALIFORNIA
LIMITED TO CHICAGO
LEAVES DAILY
at 0:30 a. m., through la 3 day a,
with diner and all trapping*.
Other Santa 7* Train*:
7:30 a. m.1 for Stockton. Freano. Bakersnela.
9:30 a. m. V Merced. Hanford aad VUalia,
8:00 p. ra.J
4:00 p. m. for Stockton.
8 :00 p. m. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
TICKET O77XCE — 641 Market St.. aa,A
Perry Depot. S. T. Alao 1113 Broad-
way, Oakland. Cal. 37 Sonta I*ir«t
¦¦ St^ San Job*. . .'¦ ¦¦=¦
CALIFORNIA NORTflWESTERN RY. CO.
SAN FRANCI5U0 anj NuRTH PACIFIC
BAILWAY COKFAST.
Tllraron Ferry, root of Market Street.
SAW rHABTCISCO TO SAW XATASIi.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:35.
3:30, R:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1 :S0 and 11 :3O p. m.
SUNDAYS — 8:0O. 9:30. .11:00 a. m. : 1:30. 3:30.
5.0O. 6:20. 11:30 p. m.
SAW EAPAEL TO SAW PXA2TCXSCO.
WEEK DATS-«:C5. 7:35. 7:50, 9:20. 11:15
a. m. : 12:50, .1:40, 5:00, 8:20 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:03 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:40. 11:15 a. m.; 1:40. 0:40,
4:55. &:0S. 6:25 p. m.
Leave | In Kftect | Arrive
San Francisco. | Sept. 27. 1OO3. |San Francisco.
Week I Sun- 1 Destina- I Sun- I Week
Days. ) days, f tlon. ( days. | Days.
7:30a 8:C0a 9:10a 8:40 a
0:30 a Igmaclo. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 3:30 p 6:05 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 5:00 p 7:35 p
7:30 al ' 0:10 a 8:40 a
| 8:00 a Xovato. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma. 6:05 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 3:30 p and 7:35 p
I 6:00 p Santa Rosa.
7:30 a 10:40a|10:20a
8:00 a Fulton. 7:35 p 6:20 p
8:30 p 3:30 p [ v
Windsor. I l
:7:30 a 8:00a Healdsburgr. |10:40 a 10:20 a
Lytton, 1
3:30 p 3:30 p Geyservllle, |7:35p 6:20 p
Cloverdale. j |
7:30 al 8:00 al Hopland '10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p| 3:30 pj and Uklah. i7:35p 6:20 p
7:30 a| 8:00 a| Wllllts. J 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 pf 3:30 p| Guerneville. j 7:35 pj 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al Sonoma, |0:10a| 8:40a
5:10 pj 5:03 p| Glen Ellen. | 6:05 p| 6:20 p
7:30a! 8:00a| 110:40 allO:2O a
3:30 p| 3:30 p| Sebastopol. I 7:35 pi 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Quentln; at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altruria and Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
servllle for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers, Booneville and Greenwood; at
Hopland for Duncan Spring's. Highland Springs,
Kelseyville, Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay, Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Pomo.
Potter Valley, John Day's. Riverside, Lierly's,
BuckntU's Sanhedrin Heights, Hullvllle, Orr's
Hot Springs, Halfway House, Comptche, Camp
Stevens. Hopkins, Mendocino City. Fort Bragg,
Westport, Usal; at Wlllits for Fort Bragg,
Westport. Sherwood. Cahto, Covello. Layton-
vllle, Cummlngs. Bell's Springs. Harris, Ol-
sen's. Dyer, Garbervtlle, Pepperwood, Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Sunday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket offices, 630 Market street. Chronicle
building.
H. C WHITING, ¦ R. X RTAX.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
m . Leave TU Sunlit* ferry Arrhre
' SaaFrandsco f*»t rf atrtx ay Sin Francisco
Week Sun- mm Son- Week
Days, days days Day*.
•fi5fI»8:OOA P|gg£$& 12:O»r107ift
*1:46p 9:00a lS ®? I:35r3:5o?
5:lftf 10:00a XCT^S^F l:SOr 5:50?
11:OOa ySatSgSp 4:5Or t:S«f
I..'.'.'!.. • a'ltf t-«w» ".
JMrt wlta tap 1m * W>sss mi TIDwr fcsa>
noOT J tO& Makkbt ST..(North Shore RailroodJ
WflGJB I aad Saosaixto Fkkkt, Foot Market Sc
V - : . BAILWA7 TBA VEL. >^^~~~~~ ~
Wnrhree Fast Trains^
Wl Wl . KJf ii M
g Southorn Pacinc, Union Pacific and Chicago X Nerlh-Wsstern Rys. g jS
iR Standard and tourist sleeping cars, compartment Mjj&
observation cars, buffet smoking and library cars; ij&^
y£%L all meals in dining cars. MS
wL For sleeping car reservations, tickets and information jgzr Kg
ISkJ'HQk app'y to agents Southern Pacific Co., or to m&\4&0
CHICAGO « NOHTH-WESTERN BY.
617 .Market St- trm%Provisions.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
WEDNESDAY. Jan. 13—2 p. m.
Bld.Ask. I Bld.Ask.
is^qr coup.. 10 (^ — (3 qr cp newl3ni;i34U
<s qr reg...lO7^41OSU fs qr coup..lOS' —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. — — O T Co 6s..ll««
Bay CPC 58.101 94102% Do Oa ....10» —
Cal C G 5s. — 100% Do con 5s. 99% 101
Cal CiEj Oceanic S 5s. — 75
m & ct 5s. — 104. Om Cable 8s. 120 124
Cal-st 5S....114 — Pac G Im 4s. 05 10O
C C Wat 5s. — 1C0 P E Ry 5s.lO4t4l06
Ed L & P 6.120 — P A C H 6s.io.1H —
F & C H 6s. — 117 P & O R fls.ll«4 —
Geary-st 5s.. 45% 90 Powell-st 6s.ll3U _
H C&S 5%s.lO4 — SB G&R 5s — 100%
H C & S 5s. - 100 CF & SJV5sllS% -
Hon R T 6s.105%107 8 Jl of C 6s.ll2% —
L A Elec 5s. — S P of A 6s .
LA Ry 5s. 112% — I (1909) 105 1C5U
L A L Co 6s. — — (1910) 106 —
: . Do gtd fls. — — • s P of C 6s
Do gtd 5s. — 104% (19Tt5)Sr A.103 1«M.
LAP lem 53.101 — (10T,5)Sr B. — 104%
Mkt-st CL6s.ll5% — (1906> 104% —
• Do lem 5s.ll.1%114K <1912) ....lld,» —
NRR of t^s.104% SPC 1 eg 6s. — —
Do 5s 115% — Do stmpd. — 188X4
N P C R 5a. — 1C3% S P B R 6s.W3% —
N C R 5s.. — 112 S V W 6s..imVtlO»U
N C P C 3s. — 101 Do Is 2dm.!»U 90%
N S R R 3b. — 100 Do 4s 3dm. 0S% —
O G L H 5s.lO7% — Stkii G&E 6s — 102
O W gtd 5s. — 100 V G & E 5s. — — .
j , WATER STOCKS. -
Contra Costa — 41 iPort Cotta.. — —
Marin'Co... — 65 Is V W Co. 40 42
Cent L & P. 3% 4 . }S F O & E. 5»?% 57
Mutual, EU 7,8 Btkn O & E. B — .
Pac L- Co.. 53% — IU G & E.. — 39
Bac EG& R — .'— I "
jpneet': trustees* certificates.
BFOtt-'-'IT' ¦
Stock and Bond Exchange.
vThe firmness In Hay and FeedstufTs con
tinues, but prices show no further change of
importance. Straw is higher. Dealers report
that there ts more Choice Hay on the market
at precent than ;lower trade, as buyers are
taking the latter In preference, owing to it3
cheaper nrlce, and H glvlng fine Hay the go-by
as far as they can. .
The circular of Somers & Co." says:
•"The total arrivals for the past week
amount to 2550 tons, 750 tons more than for
the preceding week.
. "TrHde, both local and foreign, is very brisk
and this activity, with the long-continued dry
spell, has forced prices up again until now they
range from $11 ; qer ton on the cheapest Hay
to $17 60 rer ton on choice Wheat Hay. From
Los Angeles and all southern counties there Is
a big demand for Hay and reports come to us
from interior points that much Hay is being
shipped'to the south' of us. Iflg a certainty
now * that : there will be no hold-over stock on
hand at the end of tho season, and should this
prove to be a dry year there will be a serious
Hay .famine:, in thia State. The market at
present is very sensitive; in fact much depends
on the' weather. ..If . it rsbouidc continue dry
and cold fof a week or two longer prices un
doubtedly will make another material ad
vance, although 1 we think . that ¦ , .even . If it
should rain shortly prices will not drop, as we
hive ¦ enough export orders . before us to 1 war
rant the '. belief - that arices will not decline
from the present range. ¦¦ , ..r. ->¦ .¦
¦Tit has been reported that the Government
Is .in the market* for 1000 tons more of. Hay
but as yet .we have ¦ heard nothing officially
in this connection. ¦¦' ¦ .¦ ¦ - .-./.
.>"As. we have reported above, the regular
quotation on choice Wheat. Hay Is $17 50 per
ton.* but an especially fancy car will sell for
$18 ¦ oer "ton. From ; present Indications we
would > not- be'- surprised to see • this ' latter
figure the regular price for the choice grades of
Wheat Hay in a" very short time."
BRAN— $20@21 per ton;
. .MIDDLINGS— $26 50@28 60 per ton '
SHORTS— $20<?f 21 per ton. .
'-' FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $23 50W24 50
per ton: OH Cake Meal at the mill, $27028 50 •
Jcbblntr. '$291930; ;Coeoanut Cake. $21©22; Corri
Meal. #28© -^S 50; Cracked Corn. $28(829; Mixed
Feed. *22ffT23: Horse Beans, *30@40 per ton
-HAY— Wheat.' $14©17 50;- Wheat ; and Oat
$14016 50: Oat.- .$14frl«:?Wlld" Oat. $13^15'
Barley. $12014 50; Stock nominal— none here-
Alfalfa. $12<S1.'» 50 per. ton. ,v, •¦
STRAW— 00@75c per^bale. ,
Hay- and Feedstuffs.
Articles — Open. High. . Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—'
May 87 S7% 8B>4 87}i
July 82 S2H,. Sli| «
September 78% 78!» 78% 78%.
Corn No. 2 — ,
January 44 44^ 44 44%
May 47# 48 47% 48
July 4«% 47*4 46% 47U
•: Oats No. 2-r f <'i
January ........ 37U 37% 37Vi 37%
May 3!»% 40»£ . 39»? 40*5
July 3f» 36& 35 j 8 36>,i
. • Mess Pork, per bbl — ,
January 12 90 • 13 02& 12 !W 13 00
t May 13 12% 13 25 13 10 13 22ft
Lard, per 100 lbs —
(January ......... 6 77%
May ..../. 6 15 7 02% 6 95 7 00
Short Ribs, .per 100. lbs — .
January ' 6 42*4
May ....... fffi.% 6 72% « 62% 6 72%
July 6 75 B 82% 6 75 « 62%
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady: No. 3 spring wheat. <5@84o; No. 2 red,
K%iS87%c; No. 2 corn. 44%c; No. 2 yellow,
4'5%c; "No. 2 oats."37%@38«4c: No. 3 white,
37^@30%e: No. 2 rye, 53%c; good feeding
barley. 40041c; fair to choice ' maltlnsr, 48©
B8c; No. I flaxneed, 94c: No. 1 Northwestern.
$1 03; prime timothy seed, $3 25; mess pork,
per bbl, $13013 12%; lard, per 100 lbs,- $6:75
frC 80; short ribs sides (loose), $6 20grt 50;
short clear sides .boxed). $« 62%®6 65;'whis
ky, basis of high wines, $1 27; clover, contract
grade. $11 35^11" 40. .'¦.'.''¦ . ¦¦
' Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 4S.00O 24.K0O
Wheat, bushels «S,60O - 22.G00
Corn, bushels 348,400 189,300
£>ats, bushels 355,300 200,200 '
ttye. bushels :M 6,800 «,000
Barley, bushels 65.500 7.700. ,.
On the. ¦ Produce . Exchange to-day, the butter
market was dull and easy: creamery, •15 < S21%o;
dairy. , 14©20c. Eggs, firm,' 23#26C. : Cheese,"
steady. 10©10%c. .
. Foreign Futures. • ..
. . Liverpool.:
Wheat— " March. May.
Opening .'......,'. 6 5H '• 6 4%
Closing ...: 6 4'i 6 4%
. : PARIS.
Wheat — "' ¦ "Jan. May-Aug
Opening--.'..' ...."21 35 , •• 21 40'
'Closing .".•.-' ......; 21 25 ' V 21 S5
. Flour— " . - :
Opening ".'. 29 35 28 85
Closing 23 05 28 SO
N.civ York Metal Market. . ?
NEW YORK.. Jan. 13.— The London tin mar-
Advices from New York are reporting a
growing firmness in some Fruits as follows:
"There Is renewed export Inquiry for Prunes,
but buyers' idoas of prices are low. It Is also
satd thut business in hampered by difficulty
experienced In securing freight room. There
Is also some Inquiry from -orcgn buyers for
Apricots, and the market is hardening, par
ticularly on the coast, where stocks are • re
ported to bo setting Into very small compass.
Peaches are firm but quiet. Dates are less
active, and the market has an easier tone.
Figs are dull and unchanged."
FRUIT— Apricots, 7%©9%c for Royals and i
611c for Moorpnrks; Evaporated Apples, 49
B>,4c; sun-dried, 3@4c; Peaches, 4@UV^c; Pears,
C@10c; Nectarines, 4@5Hc; Figs, white, 4@4%c
In boxes; black. 4V-c; Plums. pUted. 8@9c per
pound. , ¦ . . .
PRUNES— 1903 crop. 2#@2%c for the four
sizes. - •
.RAISINS— F. o. ,b. prices. Fresno, for 1903
crop: CO-Ib boxes — Loose Muscatel. 2-crown,
5Uc per lb; 3-crown, 5%c; 4-crown, «%c; Seed
less Muscatels. 4%c; do, floated, 4&c; un
bleached Sultanas, 4&c; Thompson's Seedless,
5^0. London Layers — 2-crown, $1 25; 3-crown,
$1 35; 4-crown clusters, $2; 5-crown Dehcaas,
$2 50; 0-crown Imperials, $3; Malaga Loose, 2
crown, 5o:perlb; do 3-crown, 5%c; Valencia
Cured. 4'^c; Pacific, do. • 3%c; Oriental, do.
2%c. 'Seeded Raisins — 16-oz package*, fancy,
8c per lb; choice, 7 T /sc; 12-oz packages, fancy,
C%c; choice, 6%o; In bulk, fancy, 7%c; choice,
7%c.
NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 softshell." 13^@14C;
No. 2, lltt<&12c; No. 1 hardshell, 13®13V?c;
No. 2, 11® 11 Vic; Almonds, lie for Nonpareils,
10%o for I X L. 10%c for Ne Plus Ultra and
S%c for Languedoc; Peanuts. 6<57c for Eastern;
Pecans. ll@13c; Cocoanuts. $4 50(33; Chest
nutf>, S@10c per lb- - .
HONEY— Comb, 10@U^c for white and 8#«?
0%c -for amber: water white-extracted, -59
BV4c: light amber extracted, 4 1 ,i@4%c; dark.
3%«j:4c. < . t
BEESWAX— 27@29c per lb.
Dried Fruits,Nuts,Raisins, Honey
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $4 60<£
4 85, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $4 50(S'4 HO;
Oregon and Washington, $3 00®4 20 per bbl for
Family and $.1 ftO@4 40 for Bakers'.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In packages are as
follows: Graham Flour, $3 25 per . 100 lbs!
Rye Flour. $3 25; Rye Meal, $3; Rico Flour.
$7: Corn Meal. $3 25; extra cream do, $4; Oat
Groats. $4 60; Hominy, $4$?4 23; Buckwheat
Flour. $4 50<!?4 75; Cracked Wheat $3 75; Fa
rina. $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour $3 60; Rolled
Oata. bbls, $7 25@S 00; in sacks. $6 75@S 10:
Pearl Barley. $6; Split Peas, boxes. $7; Green
Peas. $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
Ex-divldend yesterday: California Street
Railroad Ccmpany. regular monthly, 75c per
share, amounting ¦ to- $7500; Pacific ' Surety
Company, a quarterly at the rate of 6 per
rent per annum.
Twtnty-elpht Oil Company has declared a
dividend of 5c per share on the- capital stock
c* the company, amounting to $3000, payable
February 1.
South Eureka Mining ' Company assessment
No. 20, of 2c per share, levied December 22.
becomes delinquent in board January 21. and
at the office of the company FebruaiV 1.
The San Francisco Stock and Exchange
Board has re-elected ithe old officers, with A.
B. Ruggles as | president for the fourth con
secutive year. The members presented ' Mr.
Ruggles with an elegant stiver service, ap
propriately Inscribed, as- a token of their es
teem. William Edwards made the presenta
tion speech.
The oil rtocks continued dull.
Business on the Stock and Bond Exchange
continued fair. Giant declined a point to
$60 and Gas and Electric was lower again
at $50 50@5tf 87Vi. Alaska Packers' opened
with a sale at $132. but the very next sale
¦was at $lo<5. the price being run up by buy
inr orders. These were . the only - noteworthy
fluctuations on this exchange.
.There was a sharp decline in mining stocks,
the wSolfi list nelling off. as will be seen by
the eales. the decline being attributed to a
sU'ldcn reversal In ¦ conditions in . the Ophlr
mine, where the prospects have recently been
reported better. The old cry of "porphyry"
was heard and away went the market. There
was a i slight recovery later on In the day,
he'veve •.
STOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO, Jan. 13.— The pit was generally
bearish in wheat to-day and sold on the
slightest provocation. As an offset to this
selling pressure, the leader of the longs was
an active buyer throughout the session. B6
fore the opening Liverpool' cables showed
losses, while British conso s were higher The
Inference was that peace between Russia and
Japan was etill within the possibilities, as
a result of these Inferences the market here
opened easier, with May tt@%c to- V4@%c
lower Rt 8ti"«c to 87c. Commission houses
were liberal sellers and offerings were taken
largely by the prominent bull Interest. Dur
ing the first hour the demand from this source
carried May up to S7«,©87V4c. but when the
buying lessened the price slowly sagged until
86%c was reached. There was good. buying
•on the decline by a number of commission
houses and elevator interests. Within the
last few minutes of trading the firmness
changed to decided strength on renewed pur
chses.by the big long. Closing prices were at
about the top figures, with May at 87Vic.
The domln«mt_influence : in corn was the
small receipts, poor grading and good cash
demand. The market was firm all day, May
closing %"5 %c higher at 47%c.
Oats were very strong. May closed at 40>4c.
Light receipts of hogs, an advance in prices
at the yards and liberal shipments of prod
ucts maintained a etronir tone in- provisions.
Closing price* were near the top, with May
pork up 17^4c to 20c, lard 7%c higher and
ribs up 10c.
The leading futures ranged as. follows:
Chicago Grain Market.
FOR WEDNESDAY. JANUARY 13.
Flour qr sks .. 14,962) Onions, sks ... S1O
Wheat ctls SG5 Feed, ska 57
Barley ctls 5.K73 Shorts, sks . . .'. ' 2C0
Oats ctls 1.575 Tallow, ctls ... 210
Corn, ctls (570 Pelts. No. 675
Beans sks 870; Hides No. .... 1.57B
Potatoes, sks .. 6.310; Quicksilver, flks 23
Bran, sks ..... 775 Leather, rolls .. 170
Middlings sks.. 3«7 Wine, gals 102.100
Hay tons 484 Sugar, ctls .... l.lfiO
Straw, tons ....- 16 Brandy, gals ... 350
Hops bales . ., 270; Paper, reams . . 290
Wool! bales 4401
¦WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr ska .. 15.1721 Middling*, sks.. SAO
Wheat ctU ... 7.2S0J Shorts, sks .... 2,500
Oats, ctls 650j
Receipts of Produce.
The jCltrus market was heavily stocked and
trade continued quiet owing to the cool
weather. Oranges are running rather small
this year and large sizes of fancy Navels are
comparatively scarce. Such sizes of well
known brands of extra' fancy are firmly held
at the top quotation, but it Is difficult to ob
tain $2 per box for the ordinary run of fancy
stock. At the auction sale 4 cars of Navels
were sold as follows: Extra fancy $1 75tf?2
ordinary fancy, $1 40<gl 00; choice, $l@l 40
standards, 75cj?$l 30. The attendance at the
sale was fair, but the bidding was slow and
less than half a car was sold to outsiders the
balance being bought in by the promoters of
the auction. The prices obtained were ficti
tious and not Justified by market conditions
or the quality of the fruit.
The licai demand for Apples showed some
Improvement and dealers reported the market
gradually working into shape. Should receipts
continue light for a while longer the market
will clean up and prices may strengthen. Pine
apples are quoted lower, the demand being
light, owing to the cool weather
• APPLES — Fancy Spltzenbergs, $1 75 per
box; other varieties. $li$i 60 for fancy- 50®
90c for choice and 25^400 for common
PEARS— Winter Nellis from cold storage
$1 50@2 per box. '
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, $1 50#
2 25 oer box for fancy, $I@1 50 for choice and
60c(g$l for standards; Seedlings, 50c® $1;
Tangerines, 50c©$l per box: Japanese .Man
darins, 75c@$l for half boxes; Lemons, $1 75
©2 50 for fancy. $1 25^1 50 for choice and
75o@$l for standard; Grape Fruit. $1@2; Mex
ican Limes. $4@4 00: Bananas. $Kft2 per bunch
for Hawaiian and $2(92 50 for Central Amer
ican; Pineapples, $1 50©2 CO per dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fnd.33S — ! •
\ GAS AND ELECTWC.
\.v-i BANK. STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk. — 130 L P * A... — 17»
Anglo-Cal .. S3 92^ Mer Trust... — 2324
Bank of Cal. — 460 Merch Ex... — —
Cal Safe Dp. 115 — S F Nation!. — — .
First Natlonl — —
SAVING3 BANKS.
Ger S & L.215O 2300 ISav tt L. S«. — . .100 ,
Hum SAL. — — S«c Sa-v Bk. — 440
Mutual Sav.1044 — Union T C«>. — —
8 F Sar U.622H650 |
: ¥ . : . STREET RAILROADS.
California ..197H2C5 Presidio M •»„• ,..'
Geary — 80 1
POWDER.
Giant 60 604! Vlgortt .....— »
•\ SUGAR.
Hana P Co. — — Kllaue* S C. — - *
Hawaiian C. 42 V % 44 1, Makaweli C. 22 *i —
Honokaa S C 12H 12^i Onomea, SC- 34
Hutch S P C — 8 Paauhau S C 13 U
MISCELUVNEOUS.
Alaska P A. 136% 13*i i '¦ Oceanic S C. 4 . . ft - .. ;
Cal F C A. — 95 I Pac Aux FA 5 —
Cal Wine A. 934 — |P*« C Bors.WT *~W<
Morning Session.
Board —
10 Alaska Packer*' Association... M2 00
25 Alaska Packers' Association. ..138 OO
5 Giant Powder Con. cash «0 CO
100 S F Gas A Electric Co '5« 25
50 S F Gaa * Electric Co S« 00
60 S F Gaa & Electric Co 8« 5*
US F Gas & Electric Co M 75
20 S F Gas & Electric Co, s «O. 5« 8T4)
$2.C00 Pac Electric Ry. 5 par *ent..lOB Co
$13,000 Spring Valley « per cent 10» 60
$5,000 Bprlng Val 4a (2d mtge>...- 9» 3i^
$5.0CO Spring Val 4* (2d mtge) OD 50
$1O.CCO Spring Val 4s (3d mtare) 98 7ft
Afternoon Session.
Board —
5 California Wine Association... 04 00
25 Giant Powder Con 60 60
10 Honokaa S Co 12 25
65 Makaweli ZS 30
30 S F Gaa &. Gtectrlc Co W 50
10 S F Gas & Electric Co M 75
$1 OOo Market-st Ry 1st eon 5s Ill (A
$1,000 S P Branch Ry * p«r cent.... 133. 75
i $4.000 8 P of Cal 6e (1906). 104 47 4
I, Street —
, $2.C0O Park & Ocean Ry « per cent... lit! 25
$35,0OUS P of Arizona (1910) 10*} 00
California Slock and Oil Exchange
Oil Stock— Bid. Ask'd.
Alma , ....
Apollo 42 N ....
Associated Trust Certificates. 17 19
Aztec 8"
California Standard 11
Caribou 140 ••••
Central Point Con ....
Chicago Crude - . 1»
Claremont 4* «...
Esperanza 150 • ...«
Four" t59 -.-. ¦
Fulton * 00
Giant :-' <n iAA 2 *
Hanford 13» CO ....
Home 107% Hi
Imperial • . ••»».
Independence 1-t ••••
Junction - „ Ix •
Kern 450 47S
Kern Rlvt* , 12 00
Lion •, . C2
Monarch (of Arizona) 4rt ....
Monte Crist© 63 _ ...-'
Occidental of .W Va ., IT.
Oil City Petroleum 29 ....
Peerless 14 0O . .»,-.
Plttsburg ••••
Reed Oude * 50 ....
d F ft McKlttrick .... ......•¦
San Joaquln O & D .... ' ....
Senator g ••;•
Sovereign •.._•• *I ¦¦¦¦¦••*?
Sterling 2 50 ....
Superior 05 0T
Thirty-thr«« 8,W> 7 po
Toltec •(•• _ 21
Twenty-eight » °O
West 8twf 3 00
Miscellaneous — %^
Abby Land ft. Imp... li'ii
Alameda Sugar -^ - 29 CO
American Biucott 75 00 .
American District Tel ....- • ....
Cal Oast & Electric* Corp.... .... --il
California Cotton Mills .... 89 00 95 00
California Jockey Club
California Shipping Co .... .... ....
Cal Title Ins & Trust 136 00 110 00
Central Bank of Oakland
Chutes Company I'll?,
Cypress Lawn Imp Co « S*^«
Fischer's Theater 2 25
Gas Consumers* Assn -....-
Honolulu Sugar 13 50 ....
Northern Cal Power 8-25 9 00
North Shor« Railroad * ....
Orpheum Company 16 00 .....
Pacific States Tel & Tel .... ....
Parafftne Paint 35 CO ....
Pan Francisco Dry Dock .~.
Sanitary Reduction Works.. 1 50 ••«•
Sausallto Land & Ferry.... ...••••
Sperry Flour Company ....
Standard Electric ..^. .;*-
Tesla Coal Company 25 00 30 00
Truckee Electric ¦....
Union. Sugar ¦ ....-•
United Gas & Electric ....
SALES.
Morning Session.
io*H£r^.. :......... i&
Street—
5 Caribou 140
Afternoon "Session.
Board— _
600 Lion « .
. Petroleum Center .05
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGB. •
Following were the sales on the San Fran.
Cisco Stock and Exchange Board yestertUy:
MorninR Session.
1500 Andes W| 200 Occidental ... 70
1700 Belcher 301 SCO Overman .... 30
150 Best & Belch. 2 50 900 Overman .... M
10O Best & Belch. 2 43 2Ot> Ophir 4 SS
150 Best Sc Belch. 2 33 200 Ophlr ..4 CO.
900 Bullion -10 223 Ophlr ..3 5O
70O Caledonia ...1 00 isnn Ophir 3 4o
400 Challenge Con 25 40O Ophir 3 33
2000 Con C & Va.l 60 10 Ophlr ..3 75
•1C00 Con C &¦ Va.l 55 10O Potost 25
10(1 Con C <t Va.l 50 5TO Potosl .« 22
200 Con NT .... 11 600 Savage 45
10O Crown Point. 23 50rt Scorpion ..... Oft
100 Exchequer ... 2O, 200 £•« Belcher.. 12
ICO Gould A Cur. 411 1100 fUerra N««r .. 7©
100 Gould & Cur. 42 200 Sierra. Nev ;. 73
30O Gould &' Cur. 43 200 Sierra Ner .. 73
lOO Hale *: Norc. 70 000 I'nlon Con *. . 95
IPO Hale & Norc. 60 200 Union Con .. 94
• 70O H«l« St Norc 7P 100 Utah to
10f,O Justice .. 13| 400 L'Uh.... 22
6.v> Mexican 1 5(V. ion Yellow Jack»t 40
60O MexU-an .:...l 43( 200 Yellow Jacket 42
100 Mexican ..... 1 40 4C0 Yellow Jacket 43
Afternoon Session.
5OO Alta K noo Ha> * Nore. ««
4CO Andes X2 WO K<mtn«k ; . . . . 03
0CO Andes 3T. WM> M«lc*» : 170
400 Ancles £1 250 M*tlcan .....I r: t
300 Belcher S.V . 200 Mexican .... .1 75
400 Batcher a» aori Ophlr ........ 3 7S
200 Belcher . ."T7 10» Ophlr -.3 SO
20O Caledonia 1 CO* 7*O Overman .... 3.1
200 Challenge Con 34! 200 Overman ..... . 34
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks — "• ¦ Open. High. Low. Close.
Atchison 5.900 «7 m*i 66ft
Atchison pfd ... 300 88H S8H. 8SH
Baltimore & Ohio.. 2,700 79V4 79 79
Bait & Ohio pfd. 89
Canadian Pacific... 4.000 . 117H 116^8 116%
Cen of New Jersey 159
Chesapeake & Ohio. 200 .33 32»4 32%
Chicago & Alton... 2,000 35Vi 35 34%
Chi & Alton pfd... 4.800 84 83 82%
Chi Great Western. 1,300 16V» 16 16
Chi G W B pfd...*- 300 2RT4 2S% 28H
Chicago & N W 300 ltWH 166 165H
Chi Term & Trans. 3.200 12% ll"i I2>«i
Chi T A T pfd 4,700 2«U 25V4 25%
C, C. C & St Louts 77
Colorado Southern.. ©00 18T4 18% 18'.i
Colo South 1st pfd. 200 56^ 56^ 56
Colo South 2d pfd.. 300 27 hi 27 26%
Delaware & Hudson 400 165 lf.tu l«;4»j
Del. Lack &*West. 400 274 274 * 272 T ,t
Denver & Rio G... 200 20% 20 20»/I
Den & Rio G pfd ... 70
Erie : 3.000 .28 27T<, 27%
Erie 1st pfd «00 67T6 C7% «7H
Erie 2d pfd 100 4794 47% 47%
Great Northern pfd .... .... 170
Hocking Valley.... 100 73«4 73>i 73»4
Hocking Val pfd 85W
Illinois Central 100 13O»4 13O»4 130H
Iowa Central 21
Iowa Central pfd 39U
K C Southern 18%
K C Southern pfd.. 700 36Vi 36 35«i
Louie & Nash 400 107% 107% 107Vi
Manhattan L «0O 142V4 142^ 142>/i
Metropolitan St Ry. 400 120VJ 12OV4 120$
Minn & Pt Louis 62
Missouri Pacific 2,100 024 91% ' 91%
Mo, Kan A. Texas. 500 17^1 i?Q i«»/
M. K & T pfd.... 200 30% 38% SOhi
Nil R R Mex pfd .... 39v!
New York Central. 1.100 119% llBU 119U
Norfolk & Western. 100 57% 5714 571;
Nor & West pfd .... £5 *
North Securities . . , pj
Ontario & Western. RO0 21% *>iii 1 21%
Pennsylvania 15.700 lin% 119 119
P. C. C & St Louie. 400 64 63% 63 U
Reading 1.400 44% 44=^ 44*!
Reading 1st pfd ... 200 7S 773? 7714
Reading 2d pfd 300 53 59 50*4
Rook Island Co 16,fi00 22V4 21 •>?
Rock Island Co prd 300 59 58 4 6K%
StL & SF 1st pfd en
StL & SF 2d pfd... ¦¦ TV
Ff Louis S W " ji
pt Louis s w pfd.. 300 :n% si% 34
Ft Paul 7.400 142% 142>2 142U
Ft Paul pfd 100 1774 1774 176
Southern Pacific... 6.300 48% 4S$t 401/
Southern Railway.. 2.600 20% 20 19-v
Southern Ry pfd 7. 7 sv
Texas & Pacific...'. •. ...: '¦"¦ 94V
T. Bt L & W 1.000, 26% 254 2.W
T. St L & W.pfd.. 1.400 : 30% 3» •/ 3s2
rnion Pacific*: ».*OO 784 7S 7«u
Union Pacific pfd.. 20© "894 89U «)
Wabash * iqtr
Wsbash pfd 3,800 38% 37% 37a?
Wheeling & L E..:^ 200 17% 17C V 7 7f
Wisconsin Central.. 4,000 194 isu tar!
WIs Cent pfd .... 4,000 42% 41- 42*
Express Companies — *
Adams ............ •••• .... .... °* > o
American ...•••¦.. .... .... ion
United Btates ...... *"* ,^i
Wells-Fargo "" i£|
Miscellaneous— .
Amal Copper 19,800 50V« 49U 40s*
Am Car & F .... * . JrJ?
Am Car & F pfd.. 300 67% 674 67 U
Am Linseed Oil .. .... .... °* • °ii?
Am Lin Oil t)fd .. .... .... . "" 2 S
Am Locomotive . .' 700 1R 174 171-
Am Locomotive pfd. 100 77 " 77 7«il
Am S & Refing... 700 4«H 47% 48
Am 6 & Refng pfd. 700 flOJ* 90 00
Am Sugar Refng . 100 125 124% 124ti
! Aha Mining Co "J*
; Bklyn Rapid Tran. 9,600 49% 48% 48»i
Colo Fuel & Iron .. . ™i r *
; Col 4- Hock Coal " 14
Consolidated Gas .. 300 191 I9oii 190U
General Electric .. 100 173 173 170
Inter Paper jQii
Inter Paper pfd: gi
•Inter Pump .... 3J
; Inter Pump pf fl . . . ' 70 "
National Biacult .. 37.
-National Lead 100 154 154 15
North American .. 1.250 R54 85 $514
Pacific Mall 700 27% 27% «?2
P«pleVCas ..... 1.000 07% Wi% im}£
Prwed fitfel Car.. 200 27 27 26X4
PresseJ 8 Car pfd. 674
Pullman Pal Car .. 100 216 216 215«
Republic Steel 100 6% «% 6%
Republic Steel pfd . 2OO 42 41 « 41a;
Rubber , Goods .... 1,000 184 n * . 18 v!
Rubber Goods pfd ¦ 73 V
Tenn Coal & Iron . 400 37 3C% 36
V 8 Leather • • - 71/
II S Leather pfd .. 200 . 77«4 77 V 764
U S Rubber ...... " 400 11% 11% \\SL
US Rubber tfd .. 200 - 42 . 41U 40
tJ S Steel 6.250 104 10Vi 10 V
TT S S»*I pfd 29,500 57% B<5% 67
Western Union .... 500 874 87 87 '
Total eales 213,400 5 .
IGNITED RAIIJtOADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK, Jan. 13. — Bond transactions of
United Railroads of. San Francloco: ' 9C00 at
$77 124. 3000 at *77. 50C0 at $77,23. . >
.^ . AMERICAN CAN J COMPANY. ••.
.- American Can— Common, bid 3%, asked 3T»:
I>rcf erred, bid 32, asked iCVi-
NEW YORK. Jan. 13.— Call loans,
per cent.
New York Money Market,
APRICOTS — Are attracting rather better at
tention and rule firm. Choice, 9»i(gO>Ac- ex
tra choice. 9%©10c; fancy, Iligl5c.
PEACHES— Quiet. Choice. 7U<g7*ic; extra
choice, 'TiHS'Ac; fancy, 0Vi@10Vic '
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market con
tinues firm. Common, 405c; prime, 5Vic*
choice, 5^(56c; fancy, 6%@7c.
PRUNES — Firm at 3%c to ti«^c, according to
grade. •• •
SUGAR — Raw, nominal; fair refining, steady;
centrifugal, .06 test. 3?8c; molasses sugar, 2%c;
refined, quiet*'
DRIED FRUITS.
COFFEE— Spot Rio, firm; No. 7 invoice. 7%c;
mild, steady; Cordova. 8H613c. The market
for coffee futures ruled firm all day, with
prices at one time about 20 to 30 points net
higher. The close was 6teady, net 15 to 25
points higher. Sales were 16,000 bags. Includ
ing: March. 7.25@7.40c; May. 7.55@7.70c; July,
7.55©7.00c; September, S.O5@8.25c; "December,
8.2r>«8.35c. • ....-•¦.
NEW YORK, Jan. 1.3.— FLOUR— Receipts,
15.5M barrels; exports, 12.653 barrels. Market
steady.
WHEAT — Receipts, " 40,600 bushels: exports,
12,000 liueheU. Spot, firmer; No. 2 red. 05c ele
vator and 95c f. o. b. afloat; No. '1 Northern
Duluth, 99Hc f. o. b. afloat: No. 1 hard Mani
toba, nominal, f. c b. afloat. Options wer«
centrally weak all day, but closed unchanged.
May closed IHJ%C; July, St>%c.
HOPS— Firm.
HIDES— Steady.
WOOL— Firm. . ¦ - ¦' .¦
LEATHER— Firm.
PETROLEUM— Steady. •
New York Grain and Produce.
* CHEESE — UiSUl&c for the general market.
12@12Vic for select mild new and lixsiOUc for
lower grades; Young Americas, 12'A@13 C - East
ern. 15®16c; AVestero. 14@15c per 1b,-
EGGS — Ranch. 2a©30c for choice to fancy
and 27>4c for small and mixed colors; store
24{i27c; cold storage. 25@26c; Eastern, nominal
and about gone. _. .:, _• . ..,.-,
BUTTER— Creamer}'. 27Vj®2Sc for extras
and 25g2Cc for seconds; dairy, lS®25c; store
butter, nominal: cold storage. 18©22c per lb
for ordinary and. 22V&@24c for extras. •
Eggs are accumulating more rapidly and
the piles on the floors are growing higher
every day. ¦ The market is lower again and
weak at the decline, with buyers holding oft
and looking around for bargains.
Receipts were 25,300 lbs Butter, 8S0 cases
Eggs and 3000 lbs Cheese.
The demoralization in Cheese continues but
prices are no lower. The demand is very
poor.
Owing to insignificant receipts from Hum
boldt at nresent the Butter market is but
meagerly supplied with fine creameries, and
these descrlptior.3 are accordingly firm and
tending upward. Most of the smaller houses
quoted 20c yesterday, but the larger ones did
not quote over 27H ( 928c. The general opin
ion was that quotations would make a furthar
advance.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
"Market about unchanged. It developed a
llttie weakness through the early part of the
day on shade lower consols and lower Liver
pool, but on the eoft spots it had Armour sup
port. • There is the name c(ash situation as
heretofore, consisting of large receipts, poor
! demand and accumulating stocks. Advices re
garding the Eastern situation are still in
definite and matters have no doubt reached
the critical point. Scattered interests in this
market on both sides have been largely.elim
inated. With two such incendiary influences
working as war and the heavy Armour trad
ing commitments either way are being ma
terially restricted. This Is no doubt wise, and
until the ordinary commercial Influence ?¦be
comes operative we advise conservatism and
think that Interests whether long or short'
should be more -than -usually well protected*
Argentina still reports "unfavorable weather and'
probable damaee to quality" ¦'.' : • ".'
¦ - There was no change In this market one way
or the other. Trading was quiet.
CASH WHEAT.
California Club; $1 3,8%@1 42^: California
White Australian. $1 45@1 50; Northern Club,
$1 as%@l 4Ui; Northern Bluestem. $1 47V;
©1 50; Oregon Valley, $1 40. •
- FUTURES. .
. . ¦ Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
." Open. High. low. Close'
May $1 30U $1 39V4 $1 39^ $1 3»>T
2 p. m. session.
Open. High. Low. Close
May §1 3yv» $1 30V4 $130 $1 30 '
BARLEY — The current dry weather, which
ordinal ily would -create a strong and lively
market, seems to have little effect. Operators
are holding off, being di^nosed to give the
weather a further chance before speculating
on it. . •.-...
CASH BARLEY.
Feed. $1 10®l 13%: Shipping and Brew
ing. $1 15@1 20; Che%'alier. $1 2001 45 for fair
to choice. •-.. . -
. . FUTURES. ' -
"•'•" Session 0 to 11:30 a. m.
: Open. . High.-, Low. Close.
May $l O8J/4 $1 OSH $1 08 $1 08
2 ft* m. ' session.
. May— $1 08. V; , y '
'OATS— Continue, firm at previous prices,
i W-hlte^ $L22V4©125 for California and
$1 27'A®! 36 for Northern; Black $1 4501 63;
Red. $l 20@l 32% for feed and $1 25@1 35 for
seed: Gray. $132 &.
CORN — Condition's' remain as before stated
1 and the market remains firm.
Western sacked. $1 20@l 27}£ for Yellow.
$1 22H@1 25 for White and $1 20@t 22% for
Mixed; California large Yellow $1 27%@1 30;
small round do. $1 40@l 50; White. $1 3(*®1 35
per ctl. - Egyptian. $1 45@155 for white and
$1 25 for brown.
I RYE— $1 2501 30 per ctl.
! BUCKWHEAT— $1 75®2 per ctl.
WHEAT— The Eastern and foreign markets
showed little change. Kansas City wired that
reports of dry weather were coming in from
the \\ est and Southwest, there having been no
moisture of any consequence for two months
St. Louis wired that reports of the bad eonflU
tlon of the crop 'were coming In from Okla
homa and Kansas.
The Chicago letter of Bolton, de Ruyter &
Co. said : • .
Wheat and Other Grains.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. In 10O-lb bags:
Cubes, A Crushed , and Fine Crushed. 5.tf3c:
Powdered. 5.50c; Candy Granulated. 5.50c: Dry
Granulated, fine. 5.40c; Dry Granulated, coarse,
6.4Qc; Fruit Granulated. 5.40c; Beet Granu
lated aoo-lb bags only). 5.20c; Confectioners
A. 5.40c: Masmoila A. 5c; Extra C 4.00c;
Golden C. 4.80c; "D." 4.70c: barrels. 10c more;
half barrels 25c more; boxes. 50c more: 50-lb
brfgs, 10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half
barrels. 5.00c; boxes, 6.15c: H. & E. Crystal
Dominos S.40c oer lb. No orders taken for
less than seventy-flve barrels or its equivalent
-TURPENTINE— Is 6c higher at 8Cc per gal
lon In cases and SOc In drums and Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. OH®
7c per lb; White Lead. 6%®7c. according to
quantity. - -
' COAL OIL — Water Wntts Coal Oil
In bulk, 15c; Pearl Oil In cases. 21Hc; Astral.
2Hic; Star. 2H4c: . Extra Star. 25Hc: Elaine,
27Vic; Eocene, 24Hc; deodorized Stove Gasoline.
In bulk, 17c; in cases. 2.'i%c; Benzine, in bulk.
13c; in cases. 10'4c; 8e-degree Gasoline, In
bulk. 25c; in cases. 31c.
COAL — Wellington. $S per ton; New Wel
lington. .$8; Seattle, $U 50; Bryant, $6 50; Bea
ver Hill. $5 50; Standard, $7; Roslyn $7;
Coos Bay. $5 50; Greta. $7r Wallsend. $7; Rich
mond, $7 50; Cumberland. $13 In bulk and
$14 25 In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg,
$14; Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13; Welsh Lump,
$11 5<>; Cannel. $8 50 per ton; Coke. $11 50®
13 per ton in bulk and $15 In sacks; Rocky
Mountain descriptions. $11 45 per 2000 lbs and
$12 80 per long" ton, according to brand.
OILS — Quotations are for barrels: for cases,
add 5c. Linseed. 45c per gallon for boiled and
43c fcr raw;Ca«tor Oil. In cases. No. 1. 70c;
Bakers' A A, $1 1CKH 12; Lucol, 44c for boiled
and 42c for raw; China Nut. 6(xg70c per gallon;
Cocoanut Oil, in barrels. SSc for Ceylon and SSc
for Australian; extra bleached winter Sperm
OH, Soc: natural winter Sperm Oil. 75c; extra
bleached winter Whale Oil. tiSe; natural Whal»
Oil. tiOe; extra winter strained Lard Oil. 85c;
No. 1 Lard Oil, 75c; pure Neatsfoot Oil. 75c;
No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil. «5c; light Herring Oil. 45c;
dark Herring Oil. 43c; Salmon OH. SSc: boiled
Fish Oil. 40c; raw Fish Oil. 38c; boiled. Paint
Oil, 35c: raw Paint' Oil. 33c. • » •
BAGS — Grain Bags. RgSUc; San Quentln,
5.55c; Wool Bags. 32635c; Fleece Twine. 7%®
Sc.
Sterling Exchange \s higher again New
York rates are unchanged. ...
Sterling: Exchange, sixty days.... _ $4 S3U
Sterling Exchange, sight "_ 4 ,»'
Sterling Exchange, cables 4 stv
New York Exchange, «ight . joT?
New York Exchange; telegraphic. 17 Vi
Silver, per ounce SS9&
Mexican Dollars, -nominal 45 @ 4tj
Exchange and Bullion.
General Merchandise.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Bonds moved narrowly and irregularly.
Total sales. $1.9<S5.0CO. United States 3s reg
istered declined ?i per cent on call. . - - * • -..*;
NEW YORK. Jan. 13. — The Inert stock mar
ket to-day seemed to reflect no development in
affiir.-, but the stagnation of the market was
In itself a result of the uncertainty over ,the
outcome of the Far Eastern crisis. The same
effect was caused in the various commodity
markets, .which have shown themselves under
the influence of the war news, and the for
eign securities market was practically idle to
day. These markets were evidently waiting,
all of them, for some more definite shaping
of the luture of events. The constantly vary
ing rumors of each day regarding the chances
of peace or war seemed to-day to have lost
their power for Inducing active operations in
the markets. The serious possibilities involved
In the situation are abundantly realized, and
the conclusion seems to have been reached to
shut down and await the outcome. In the ab
sence of speculative demand tor loans the
offerings cf call money became so large to
day an to suggest an early stage of . plethora
in the money supply. Funds still continue
to pile up at this center by Tecelpts of cur
rency from the interior and by some belated
arrivals of foreign gold. ' Only a handful of
miner etocks moved widely to-day, with rather
palpable evidences of manipulation to account
tor the movements. At the same time there
was a conspicuous falling oft In the rate of
activity of the few prominent stocks which
have made up the bulk of the dealings in the
recent dull markets, euch as Amalgamated
Copper, Pennsylvania and United States Steel
preferred. The uncertainties of the war out
look are contldered sufficient explanation of
the indisposition to trade, but Influence is ex
erted alMi by. the large amount of railroad
borrowings banging over the market, and
which are competently estimated at above
$300,000,000. The possibility or an unheralded
decision being unexpectedly handed down in
the Northern Securities case Is another factor
making for conservatism In speculative com
mitments. Prices to-day gravitated to a lower
level from sheer inanition, and the closing
was on the down grade.
Nciv York Stock Market.
PORTLAND, Jan. 13. t- Wheat— Walla Walla.
73iS74e; ;bluestem. 79@$0c; valley; ' 7&5S0C. '
' . . WASHINGTON.- •.'-•' '
TACOMA Jan. . 13— Wheat— Unchanged.
Bluestem, 70c; club/ 75c/ . . ¦
J OREGON.
Northern Wheat] Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
- No more Western Poultry came in, and as
the receipts of domestic ttock were light' the
market continued firm and prices, were main
tained. Fine large young chickens had the
most call and cleaned up readily, with occa
sional lots ¦ of exceptionally fine Stock com
manding a small premium. Only eight cases
of rlressed Turkeys came in and prices stood as
previously "quoted. Live were a little firmer
utK'er light' receipts.. . • ; . ¦¦> • ¦.. .-¦-
Game was plentiful and weak, with the de
mand very light - and several kinds were
qucted lower.' Wild Ducks from the south are
coming to hand poor and thin, showing the
effects of the lack of moisture and feed in that
quarter.
POULTRY — Dressed Turkeys. 23<S25c per lb;
live Turkeys, 18021c per lb: Geese, per pair.
52@2 25; Goslings. $2<j?2 25; Ducks. $5@0
per dozen for old and $ti@7 for young; Hens,
$U(f?7 lor large and $5©5 r>£> for small: young
Roosters. $5 50@6 BO; old Roosters, $3®3 50;
Fryers, $5«I5 BO; Broilers. $4 50©5 for larg«
and $3 50@4 for small: Pigeons. $1@1 25 per
dozen for old and $2 25(ff2 50 for Squabs.
. GAME — Mallard Ducks. $2 50®3 per dozen;
Canvasback. *3@4; Sprig. $1 50@2; Teal.
$1 25; Widgeon. $1 25; small Ducks. T8c©$l;
Gray Geese, $3; White Geese, 75cQ$l 25;
Brant. $1 25 for small and $2 for large; Honk
ers, $5 for large and $4 for small: English
Snipe $3; common Snipe. $1 50; Wild Doves,
$1 25; Rabbits. $2 fpr Cottontails and $1 25 for
Brush; Hare. $1 50. '
Poultry and Game.
The circular of Henry Clews says, under
<lste of New York, January 3:
"Fa^ying of the dividend on Steel common
T\as a foregone conclusion. It was the fall In
earntnff Trcm $13.<i00.G00 in June to something
over $3.<X)0,O<X> in December that caused frt*h
telling in the stock -market, s This was less
than half the earnings in the same month last
yr*r. It was areuvd that if the iron trade
buffered to that extent in December, how about
oth<T lines of industry? This, however, is fal
lacious reasoning. It must be .remembemi
thet an Imrocnw.amount of business wa» held
up tcwarci the close of the year by uncer
tainty at to prices. Buyt-rs would not pay old
fipares and wage* had to be reduced. These
difficulties have since been partially adjusted.
I'iS iron rroduction frll from the rate of 20.
<*"\00u lor.s annually to 12.«X>.<X<) in a few
. short mon;hs. t-'uch arrested development can-
Tiot la«t, and es toon as price and wage ad
justments are complete we shall pee better
tlmcte airsin in the ete«?l trade, possibly not later
than next *i>rine. A normal rate of produc
tion should be about W. 000. 000 or 17.0D0.000
t'r«-. which is coriFldfrably above the present;
and this rale ought to be regained when con
¦tructlvc artiviticf are rewewed.
"Cotton sj»eculaT.ion continued upon a fever
ish fc«1<», the etaj.le s-howins sharp decline*
owing to th»> war rumors and distrust of the
«--j«-culati\> movement. Wheat, on the other
hand, advanced, as usual on war rumors. In
other rerrert* the «ock market is unchanged.
No lofs in the recently improved financial un
dtttor.e can be detected, unA belief in easy
mon<y fcr the next few months appears to be
general. Tl;u* while no prolonged upward
movement is in sight the outlook is for a good
trading market, with sharp fluctuations on
either riii*. Much will depend upon the situa
tion in the Far Eart. for in these daye of
close international interdependence our secur
ity markets cannot expect to entirely escape
the shocks which war may bring upon the Lon
don or European markets. We may be safest
from such disturbances, but we are not en
tirely Immune."
Annual National Bank Meetings.
The foriowinj: local national banks have held
their annual meetings, elected directors for the
y«ar and rubmitttd th^lr. financial statements
for the past year as follows:
FIRST NATIONAL — Directors. S. C Mur
phy. James MofCtt. 3. Downey Harvey. James
D. Phe!an. J. W. Van Bergen, John A. Hoop
er. Thomas Jennings, George C. Perkins and
Rudolpb Spreckels.
The following i* a condensed statement of
earnings for, 1903:
Grose earnings $472,990 27
General exi>enses. taxes, etc 141.906 22
Net 1 rofits for l»03 $328,084 C5
" AMERICAN NATIONAL— Francis Cutting.
W. H. Talbot. P. E. Bowles. George A. Rateh
elder Louis F. Monteagle. James J. Kagan,
George P. McNear. L. G. Burpee and W. H.
Chlckering.
NEVADA NATIONAL— James L. Flood.
Henry F. Allen. F. W. Van Sickien. C. de
Guigne I>><->n SLose. Clarence H. Mackay, Rob
ert Watt I*&iac W. Hellman. William Haas,
I W. Hellman Jr. and John F. Blgelow.
Statement of carninps for the twelve
month* ended December 31, 1903:
Grow earnings $515,715 HI
Expenses, taxes, etc 176,330 SO
Net profits $3C9.:5S4 81
Dividends, 7 per cent 210.000 00
Carried to undivided profits. .$129,3S4 81
CALIFOP.NIA SAFE DEPOSIT AND
TRUST COMPANY— U. D. Fry. W. F. Bar
ton. Walter J. Bartr.ett. E. N. Harmon, T. J.
' Hay. Jsrne* Tread well, A. D. Sharon, Henry
F. Fortm8nn. William C. Peyton. J. Dalzell
Brown and James H. Swift.
The financial statement of the year's business
* homrKl: ... ~~
Net profits $158,000
Dividends. 0 per cent CO. 000
Balance $118,000
Of this $100,000 uif added to surplus and
the balance to undivided profits.
CROCKER-WOOLWORTH — Wniiam II.
Crocker. C. E. Green. G. W. Kline. George
Crocker. James H. Hyde. A. F. Morrison.
H^nry T. Scott. George W. Scott and» E. B.
1 1' eat her Report.
<12Oih. Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 13 — S p. m.
The following are the M-asonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of eame date last
season, ana rainfall in last twenty-four hours:
Eta lion* — 24 hours, season, seaeon.
Eureka ©.00 19.73 22.15
Red Bluff 0.00 12.81 13.51
Sacramer.to O.00 4.S4 <j.71
Kan Francisco O.OO - tj.22 fl.15
Fresno O.Ort . O.W! 3.21
Indeperidcnce O.00 0.42 0.83
San Lui» Obispo O.fiO 0.82 5.<>0
Ix* Anifflrs.. :. O.fX) 0.43 4.H7
gan Dlfgo <i.O0 0.40 3.00
THE COAST RECORD. "~
KTATIOXS. I i.i 1 3 {[§ ?"* £
\ f 1 ; i !?
BaKfr :;0.34 .18 30 SE Clear .00
rtrton 30. 30 M 18 E CTear .00
Kureka «0.32 .'. «* NW Clear . .00.
F'ara'lon 30.26 M- 48 NW. Oear. .00
Fre*no 3<>.22 M 32 NW Clear .00
Flugetaff 3»».2<» 50 18 E Clear .00
Poir.t H*yc*. ..:tn.\H M 48 N Clear .0(>
Poc»-.t«.llo" :tO.4ft 42 2S W Clear .00
U.d'peri'Jenoe .HO.2»5 r»« 34 FE Clear .00
Lo* Anrel^...ift.O4 W> M W Clear «00
Mt Tatmalrais.W.21 .VJ 44 N Clear ,«0
North HeaJ... .-;<). 10 SO 4$ S .Cloudy .28
Phowlx 30.10 W) 34 W Clear .00
rcrtland 3O.1S 44 52 SW Cloudy .01
WA Bluff :<0.22 fiO 3S N Clear --.00.
jio^ebure :»o.£S n4 42 PW. Ft.CMy r «0
t^»cr»mento . .:w».24 M 8« N" ¦ Olear .On
fait Lake.. f..:sf».4O 40 26 PE Clear .00
}-an rrsnrlKro.sn.2rt ' R4 4« NW Clear :00
Kan I* Oblrpo.W.12 «2 42 NW 'Clear .00
;^n Diego M\M K2 W NW Clear .00
Senftlt 30.00 :.» 4S BE Cloudy .4<J
Sr>ok&n- ..r.0.11 48 42 H Cloudy .00
*Vaila WtlU.. 30.14 58 44 W l>t.Cldy.OO
tVinnenmcca .30.34 -4S 22 NE Clear .f<0 :
Yumn xn. 10 76 48 X Clear . .OO j
-.VKA1 HER CONDITIONS , AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The prewure has fallen slowly over the weat
cni half cf the country. A moderate deprts
i<S03 is moving in from the North Pacific Ocean
and high southerly winds are reported along
the coast north of Artoria.
No ra4n has fallen in California »n.l the
r.-'rather ha« been generally fair, irith lighi
rortherly wind*. '
Fcrccatt mad** nt San Francisco for thirty
ht'Vt etiHtog mldr,!til. January 14:
Northern California— Fair Thursday; light
jiorthrrly »ln4£; heavy frosts in the morning In
the interior.
Southern CalJf«»rn.a —Fair Thursday: light
northerly winds, ¦ 'hanging to fresh - westerly.
Nevada — yair ¦ Thursday. -
8U rnocUco «nd vicinity — Fair Thursday,
Steel, Cotton and Wheat.
becoming cloudy at night; light north winds,
changing to southeasterly. '
A. G. McADIE. District Forecaster.
LAMBS — !%©5c per lb.
HOGS— Live Hogs. 140 to 200 lbs. SH©5Hc:
over 200 lbs. 5c; soft Hc>gs. 414c: sows. 20 p»r
cent off: Boars. 50 per cent off. and Stags, 40
per cent off from above quotations.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered in San Francisco, less 5Q
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE — Steers. 8©9c; Cows and Heifers.
7@*c: thin Cows. 4Q5c per lb.
CALVES — If 4^c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 3fttf4c; Ewes, 3'ig3Hc
per lb (gross weight). ¦:.- ••• •
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— 6H@7%c for Steers and 6<S6^c per
lb for Cows. - • -¦ ' . . • .
VEALr— Large. 8®9c; small. OfflOc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 8@8}4c; Ewes. "QSHc
LAMB— 9>4©10c p«r lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs. 7©8^c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The market as a rule is firm, with condi
tions as stated yesterday.
\ -cMeat Market.
SEATTLE, Jan. / 13.— Clearings, $348 484 :
balances. S1S7.-15S. .- • »> ' ** Hl
TACOM'A; Jan. 13.— Clearings, $404 232- bal
ances, -$q«.03O.- ,.-- - •¦ ' ' - l
PORTLAND. Jan. .13. — Clearings, $579 928
balances, $52,S41. '•. • • '¦ '
SPOKANE, Jan. ? 13.-^-Clearinge. $459 420
balances, $:!0,260.. ¦, ,. ¦? *. ¦ , ¦ . ..
Northern -Business.
SHEEP— Receipts,. IS. 000. Sheep and lambs
steady to 10c lower. Good to choice wethers'
$4 25(gt CO; fair to choice mixed. $3Q:4- West
ern she*:>.. $:i.75&4 45: native lambs. '$4 M®
C 25; Western lambs. $4 25SB 25. »•» -^
Eastern Livestock Market. . ¦
¦ . - ___!__ : s 1 .
CHICAGO. '
"CHICAGO, ' Jan. 13.— CATTLE — Receipts.
17,000. Steady to 10c hicher. Good to prime
steers, • $5 1065 70; poor to medium • $3 60<7Ji
4 1)0; stotkers and feeders, ' $2 S5®4- cows
$1 60®4: heifers. ¦•$2^4 75; canneri, ' Jim
2 ;)">; bulls. $2<S?4 25;- calves. $.iiS¥6 "5
HOGS — Receipts to-day, 30,000; to-morrow
S5.000. Mixed and butchers', $4 75ig,5 jo- (rood
to. choice heavy. .$5 O5@5 15; rough heavv
fVgOSgB 05; lisht, $4 tiO@4 00; bulk of sales'
$1 SO(0T> 05. .¦> ' ¦, ¦•'. ¦
New York Cotton Market.
NKW YORK Jan. 13.-Thc cotton market
closed easy and nerlo to 29 points lower.
NEW YORK, Jan. 13.— Buying of dry goods
has been sltchtly' better during the last two
days and there is evidence that many have
still a good deal of merchandise to buy to
fill their requirements. The outlook for fur
ther activity is nenerally admitted as hrlght.
Neiv York Dr\ Goods.
Xcrc York Stock market quiet and not materially. changed.
Marked decline in local Mining Stocks.
Sterling Exchange again advanced. Domestic rates unchanged.
Turpentine marked up 6c. per gallon.
Wheat and Barley quiet at previous quotations.
Oats, Corn and Rye as before quoted. ; i
Hay and Fecdstutfs firm. Straw higher.
Beans still quiet and weak as a rule.
Butter continues to advance and Eggs to decline.
Cheese still demoralized under excessive stocks.
Dried Fruits receiving more attention in \ T cza York.
Hops actiz'c and firm at the adz'ance.
Stocks of Wool getting low, zcith a steady demand.
Provisions dull and weak, with local cutting reported.
Cattle, Sheep and Hogs unchanged. Tallow lower.
Potatoes and Onions firm and selling well.
Poultry firm, but Game plentiful and lozver.
Citrus Fruits in heavy supply and dull.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
ONIONS— $1 40@l 50 per ctl. • . - •
VEGETABLES— Green Peas. 4^60 peri' lb;
String Beans. Sff?12Vac per lb: Wax, S^12V 3 c;
Tomatoes from L03 Angeles. 73c<g$l 25 p?r box
or crate; Summer Squash from Los Angeles,
Sl@l 25 per box: Cabbage. 50c per ctl: Carrots.
80c P*r pack: Hothouse Cucumbers, ?1 50 per
doz: Garlic, 6<R8c per lb; Esg Plant. 10*?-17^c
per lb; Dried Peppers. 6#8c per lb for Stock
ton and 11® 12 %c for southern: Dried Okra,
12'^c per lb; Green Peppers. 7C?10c per lb;
Mushrooms. 20(S'2oc per lb; Marrowfat and
Hubbard Squash. $10«J15 per, ton for, round
lots and %®9ic per lb for sacked.. ;
' The market ruled firm for all
of table Potatoes and prices were without
quotable change. There were no fresh arrivals
of Oregon or Salinas Burbanks, and conse
quently there was no new business to report.
The lack of moisture in the southern part of
the State has a depressing effect on the sale of
seed • Potatoes. ] Early Rose. Garnet Chiles and
Early Jackson are offering freely for that pur
pose sit prices rnnglnK from R5e to $1 per
cental, but are selling slowly, as no one seems
disposed to sr>eculate at present. No fr<>?h
Sweets " were marketed yesterday and ' what
little carried-over stock was offering met
with prompt sale afthe previously quoted rate.
Onions continue firm' under limited supplies,
with the market cleaning up irom day to day.
.Receip.ta, of vegetables f rom ' L»bs Angeles
were moderate and prices had but slight varia
tion. Peas were a little firmer, while prices
of String and Wax Beans, Tomatoes and Egg
Plant were shaded. Summer Squash and Hot
house Cucumbers held up well under "moderate
supplies 'and a fair inquiry. The other vege
tables stood as previously quoted.
POTATOES — Burbanks from the river. -70®
85c per ctl; Salinas Burbanks. $1 25®1 50 per
ctl; Oregon Burbanks. 00c®$l 15 per ctl; River
Reds. WVflOOc per ctl: Garnet Chiles. UOeS?$l
per ctl; Early Rose. 90c<3-$l per ctl;' Sweet Po
totoes. $1 85 per ctl. .
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Money— 2^63 per cent. ?
The rate of discount In the open market for
short bills is 3 7-16@3V3 per cent and for
three months bills 3>4@3 9-16 per cent.
Cons for money.. S7%|N Y Central.*. ...124
Do for acct.... 87% Nor & West..... 58^4
Anaconda 3%| Do p/d., SO
Atchison 68% !Ont & West.,... ." 2*J
Do pfd 91 W (Pennsylvania .... 61V.
Bal & Ohio 81<& fRand Mines 9%?
Can Pacific 120 (Reading 23.
Ches & Ohio 30 Do 1st pfd 40
Chi Great West.. 16>4 Do 2d pfd 30
Chi, Mil & St P. 147 So Railway 20%
De Beers 20V» Do pfd 81&
Den & Rio G 21 So Pacific 50<{,
Do pfd 71 Union Pacific .... S0%
Erie '.. 2S% Do pfd 02
Do 1st pfd M>'/« U S Steel 10<K
Do 2d pfd 49^ Do pfd T.8%
111 Central 135 Wabash 2O>^
Louis & Nash. ..Ill Do pfd S3
M. K & Tex 17%
Bar silver— Steady. 27^d per ounce.
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s. reg.lC54|L & N unified 4s. 99
Do coupon lC6Vii|Mon con gold 4S.102H
Do 3s, reg 100 Mex Cent 4s 70
Do coupon. 1 KW% Do 1st lnc 1«V4
Do new 4s. reg. 133 Minn & St L, 4s. 97
Do coupon 133Vi M K & Tex 4s.. 06%
Dq/old 4s. reg.lO7>^ Do 2ds 79
Do coupon 107V- N^ -' Mex con4s 74>4
Do 5s. reg 101 11 1 N y C gen 3^s.. »7%
Do coupon 101V4iN J C gen 5s...l20'i
Atch gen 4s 09 Nor.Pac 4s ..1023i
Do adj 4s S8 Do 3s 7Ui
Atlantic C I-nrl.s. 03 Nor & W con 4s. Oe-Ii
Bal & Ohio 4s...lltOT& O 8 1. 4s & panic !>2'4
Do SHs 03H Pa conv 3iis 05%
Central of Ga 5s. 104 &! Heading gen 4s.. 05^
Do l«t inc.... 70 S L & I M con 5s.U?~
Chfs & Ohio 4^8.102'/. S L & S F fg 4s. SVA
Chi & Alton 3'As. 75^ St Louts SW lsts. 02«i
C. B &. Q new. 4s. nHfc Seaboard A L 4s, 0714.
CM & EtPcn 4s.io««4 So Pac 4s_. ... .. S8H
C & N \V con 7s.l31 it So Railway Bs...llH&
C. R I & Pac 4s. «5fiT4 Tox it Pac lste.115%
Do col Ss J»5t4 T. Bt L, & W 4s. 72
C.C.C & SI, Kn 4s fm Union. Pac 4s...lom
Chi Term 4s SOU Do conv 43.:..9fl»4
Cons Tobacco 4s. tr,% U S Steel 2d 5s. 7H&
Colo & So 4s S8 Wabash lsts 115
Den & Rio G 4s. OTV Do deb B..... . M'ri
Erie prior lien 4s. 07 W & L Erie 4s.. 'S8
Erie gen 4s...... S4 U'is Cent 4s P0 ¦•
F W & D C lsts.10.1 Colo F^iel & I... 73
Hocklnc Val 4^s.105
NETW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 10 Little Chief . 07
Alice 15. Ontario , 6 00
Breece .......... 10 Ophlr « <"0
Bruns Con ...... C5 Phoenix OS
Com Tunnel OS Potosl 23
Con Cal «t Va... 2 25. Savage .•..¦... ' fiS
"«*tj Silver 1 05 Sierra Nev fH)
Iron Silver . 1 25 Small Hopes 25
Leadville Con ... 02 Standard ..:...:. 1 50
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS. .
Money — '¦ | Mining — .".
Call loans 4«4@3 Adventure '.:..'... '2Vi'
Tlme loans .....5 @C AUouez ..v....... • 4Vj,
Bonds — lAmalf Copper ,.;..- 4« ! 5>i
Atchison 4s 0S-.4 Daly West....... 34V4
Mex Cent 4s 70K Hinsham.. ........ <22V-i:
Railroads • Calumet & Hecla.445
Atchison «»?i. : ;Centennial~ .... ... 16J4
Do pfd -... oSi^Copper Range •»• .. '45%
Boston & Albany.245 Dom Coal 67 -
Boston & Maloe.lGOi .Franklin ..... ... " 8U
Boston Elev 140 [Isle Royalc :...." 7 Vi~
N Y N H & H..105 |Mohawk\ ....;... 37V4
Fitchburg pfd. ..135 lOld Dom 0V4
Union Pacific 78 |Osceola B!>lA '
Mex Central... ... 12'AiParrot 21>4
Miscellaneous — . ¦ jQuincy •¦ 0ft
Amer Sugar. ..... .12tVi!Santa Fe Copper. 1%
Do pM.. ....... 121 ITamarcck .....;'.1O7 ¦
Amcr Tel &TB1..125 MTrinlty .;....'.... 5
Gen Electric' 172 'United -Copper.. i.5S
Mass Electric 21 (United States .... lft T ,4
Do pfd 75»4!i;tah Z'l%
United Frutt 96 [Victoria 3Vi
U S Steel ' 10V4 Winona 0>-i
Do pfd 5«Ji I Wolverine 70
Weetlng Com.... S3 i ..'.
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
A local house thus reports on Wool: " "Al
though trading In the locaK Wool market has
lacked buoyancy and vigor, the output of the
State has been so limited, especially that por
tion of it seeking San Francisco for a market,
that th«? clips have been pretty well absorbed.
At the beginning ' of the current year there
was not over 3.000.000 pounds of unsold Wool
in the San Francisco market. .'Since then sales
to the extent of a full million pounds have
been consummated and there is barely 2.000.000
pounds to be drawn from and still unsold In
thia market. Prices have not changed for
son:e time and have been maintained with a
good degree ; of Htcadlness. The first London
auction sale for the season takes place on th«
19th ln*t. and a strong market is looked for."
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about ] ,i®lc under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers. 9c; medium, 8e; light. 7>4c: Cow Hides.
7^c for heavy and 7!4e for light; Stags, fie;
Saltfd Kip, »c; Salted Veal. 10c: Salted Caff.
lO^c: dry Hides. l.ValUc; dry Kip. 13c; dry
Ca!f. 1.9c; Sheepskins, shearlings. 25@3Oc each:
short Wool. 40©65c each; medium. "0©90c: long
W«cl. $1®1 50: Horse Hides, salt. 82 75 for
Urge and $21*2 50 for medium. $1 LWu'l 73 for
small and 50c for Colts. Horse Hides, dry,
$1 75 for large and $1 50 for medium, $l$t 23
for small and 50c for Colts. Buck Skins— Dry
Mexican. 31c: dry salted Mexican. 25c; dry
Central American. 31c. Ooat Skins — Prime An
goras. 75c; large and smooth. 50c; medium. SSc;
small. SCc.
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered, 4c per lb; No.
2. 3 Vie; grease, 2%@3c. ..
WOOL— Fall clip — San Joaquln Lambs'. 0#
lie: Middle County. lt@12c; Northern Free.
Iliffl2c; Northern Defective, lftgllc: Humboldt
and Mendocino. 12&14c; Nevada. 13§15e; Ore
gon fine. lSSinc: Oregon medium. 17c ps* lb.
HOPS— 25©27fco per lb for California.
Tallow la lower. ; • -_;''_"'.
Hops continue active and very strong at the
advance, with stocks reduced | to a small
quantity. : . '-...fi '"•V 4
Hides, T allow, Wool and Hops;
yesterday^ This market being 3Oc above Michi
gan, there Is no export demand. from the. West.
Lima?, email -White and* Red' continue firm,
while the ot^er sorts are weak and dull. •
BEANS^-Bayos $2 35512 50; Pea $3 25; But
ters. $3; small White. $2 jS5@3 : Urge "White,
$2 40@2 60: Pink, $2 6502 -80; Red. $4 2504 60;
Lima Wfi'.i 13; Red . Kidneys $125: Black
eye. $2@2 15 per ctl: Horse Beans. $2®2 50.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard. $3:' Yellow Mus
tard. $2 65®2 80; Flax. $1 80@l 00; Canary.
5<35Vio for Eastern: Alfalfa. ll@14c; Rape,
lV4@2c; Timothy 6@6^ic; Hemp 3H@3>,4c per
lb;. Millet. 3®3VjC; Broom Corn Seed. $20623
per ton.
DRIED PEAS— Nominal.
9Vic; TO-lb tins, 0%c; 5-lb tins. OT»c; 3-lb tins,
lQc.
COTTOLENE — One half barrel, 8%c; thres
half barrels. 8%c; one tierce. 8%c; two t!«rc*s,
S^c; five tierces. 8%c per lb.
k»t was firm and about 17s 6d higher at £133
15s for snot and futures. Locally tin was
quiet, with -spot -quoted at- $20 25®2O 5O « -.
Spot copoer'wae 10s lower at £59 . fi and
futures 7s «id lower at £57 12s 6d. Locally
copper was unchajised. Lake, $12 75013 • elec
trolytic.. $12 £2y,@12 87%; casting, $12 50®
12 7$.' .. '
Lead advanced 2s 9d to £11 12s 6d In Lon
don, and was a little higher here, snot clos
ing at $4 4504 05. ...
Spelter declined 2s Cd to £21 15s in ' the
London market, and was • unchanged here at
$5A5 10. . -. • .
"Iron closed at 42s lCd In Glasgow and at
42s 6d in Mtdd!e«shoro. Locally Iron was un
changed. No. 1 foundry Northern, $lfrf?ltf-
No. 2 foundry Northern, $14«15; No. 1 foun- 1
dry Southern "and No.l foundry- Southern soft,
$13 75S14 25.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 14. 1904.
Continued on Tage Fovuwrn.
The conditions- in "Beans .remain ai ; stated
Beans and Seeds.
-The local market l«very dull and some cut
ting among dealers, especially in Hams and
Bacon. Is reported. Prices for both are teni'-
Ing downward; ; "
The Chicago report of Bolton, de Ruyter A
Co. says: ' "Market firm and 10c to 20c higher.
Hog receipts were a little less -than expected
and Jens than last year.- and prices " at the
yards following yetterday'8 advance here were
higher. There was some covering 'of shorts
and • the outside '¦ speculator continues . to buy.
Shipments of meats and Lard were also large.
We leck • for . a continued liberal movement of
Hogs and,- while the demand -may continue
good." stocks are : likely to accumulate. Think
we would sell ' Provisions."
' CURED -:" MEATS — Bacon. 11 140 per Ih for
hewvy, >12c for, light . medium. 14c for: light.
14V4c for extra, light,, 17c. for sugar-cured and
ilS'/c for extra sugar-cured : Eastern sugar
cured Hams. W^c: . California . Hams, $12?i«2
13c; Mess Beef. $11 60 per.bbl; extra Mess,
$12f?12 60;' Family. $13: prime Mess Pork.
$16: extra' clear." 824: Mess.- $18;' Dry, Salted
Pork. lH4c: Pig Pork, $28; Pigs* Feet. $5 25;
Smoked ¦ Beef. 15c oer lb; '".¦¦'-. ¦ <
-,'. LARD — Tierces • quoted .' at ¦. 7V»c : p«r . lb : for
compound and 9c for pure; half-barrels, pure,
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
15
AUCTION SALES
£* FRED H. CHASES CO.
Successors to Klllip & Co .
1733 Market Street. Saa Tranclsoo.
THIS ETEKnrO.
Announce for 'iHI.«Si»aIi cVENINO. a
o'clock. Jan. 14. 1904.
THE FINAL SALE
OF HORSES FROM .
PALO ALTO STOCK FARM.
Comprising eighteen yearlings, tbre* two-
year-olds, two four-year-olds and two brood
mares.
The colts and miles are by McKInaey.
3:11 $1 1 Nutwood Wilkea. 2:1**$; Mondoclno.
2:10Vi: Monbelli. 2:20%: Iran Alto. 2:ll%. and
Dexter Prince, out of brood mares by Elec-
tioneer, Palo Alto. Advertiser. Axmoor. Nor-
val and ether great »lres.
These horse* are an by great sirea and from
great mares and are as chote* Individuals *¦
any «ver bred oa Ujb farm. i
At the sarae time and place several consign*
ments from various owners will b« sold us fol-
lows: The stallions Daedallon. 2:11. by
Diablo, dam Grace, by Buccaneer: By Mack.'
by McKinney. dam By By. by Nutwood. Also
colts and fillies by McKinney. 2:1H4: R*T Di-
rect. 2:10: Mendocino. S:19V4: Diablo. 2:0©>4:
Falrose. 2:13, entered In stakes and out of
producing dama.
Horses at yard. 1732 Market St.. on Monday.
Jan. 11. Catalogues now ready.
FRED H. CHASE & CO..
Livestock Auctioneers.
*> AUCTION SALE fe*
2 CARLOADS OF HORSES at Southern Pa-
cific Railroad Corrals, foot of Second street.
THIS DAY.
THURSDAY. January H, at 11 •: m.
By order of Jos. Dcnieke of Los Atueelts I
will sell to the highest bidder 2 carloads of
young horses.
JOHN J. DOYLE, Auctioneer.
Office. 327 8Utb »t-
"Quickest— The Highest Amount,"
Is what It means when you list your prftperty
with me at prices that I can five Value to my
customers. Business chances, lodging houses,
stock ranches, etc. See my list before going
elsewhere. Correspondence solicited.
V; A. H. ANDERSON,
"Til* Auctioneer."
Tel. Main 1832. Room 2«. <0tt Markot Street.ADAMS' Irish: Moss Cough Balsam the s»t«.
"«• snuuranteed cure. 25c, • 50c- Druggists. •
'¦•'.¦¦ "¦'-¦ »-. ' - ¦ -¦•¦'¦
Chinese Gamblers in Court.
The "petition of Foo Nam, manager
of the Chinese gambling house at 150
Waverly place, for an injunction re
straining. «Xg Tong, a . rival ; gambler,
from Interfering wi:» him in the pos
session! of the premises -was taken jjn
der. submission by Judge Murasky yes
terday. A few days ago Tong filed a
suit for restitution of the premises
against Nani and then took possession
"of the place by force.' .
Sues to Recover Stock.
A suit in conversion was filed in the
Superior Court yesterday. by Benjamin
Curtaz against Henry J. Curtaz. They
are both members of the firm of Ben
jamin Curtaz & Son. The action is to
recover 150 shares, of- stock in the
concern alleged by tlie plaintiff ;" to
have been converted by ther defend
ant to his own use. According; to the
complaint the stoek • is worth $ 26,250,
and in lieu of the stock he asks judg
ment for this amount. 1
Some very swell xveddlns Invitations com*
from Knowies, 24 Second street. Main 598. ¦
Prohibitionists to Meet.
The regular meeting of the San
Francisco Prohibition Alliance 'will
be held this evening at the Woman's
Christian Temperance Union head
quarters on McAllister street. A spe
cial programme has. -been, prepared
for the occasion, . which .includes: ad
dresses by prominent . temperance
orators and. selections by the Alliance
Glee Club.
Californians In Washington.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 13.— The fol
lowing Californians are registered
here: At the Raleigh — Joseph C.
Whalen, from San Francisco; at the
New Willard — William F. Herrin, T.
T. Williams and D. E. O'Connell, from
San Francisco.
Californians In New York.
NEW YORK, Jan. 13. — The follow
ing Californians are here: From San
Francisco — E. Brady, at the Astor; C.
Colman, J. C. Colman, at the Welling
ton; F. Dean, at tjie Astor; J. p. Dem
ker, at the Cosmopolitan; H. T. Sel
linglegent, at the Imperial; R. e.
Warfield, at the Manhattan; E. E.
Lewin, C. P. Maythaw, at the Grand
Union. . ,
From Los Angeles — W. H. Schofleld,
T. H. Smith, at the Union Square; J.
R. Strang. at the Broadway Central;
D. L. Snedaker, at the Victoria.
From San Diego — I. J. Gill, at the
Holland. '
Piso's Cure will cure your Cough and rellevi
soreness of the lungs. All druggists. 25c.
Bankrupt Hotel Man.
Holbert B. Pangburn, a hotel-keepei
at Colusa, filed a petition in insolvencj
yesterday in the United States Distric
Court. He owes $2901 and has $50(
assets.
The annual loss from the burning of
buildings in the United States is about
$125,000,000, not including cost of insur
ance and the appliances for fire prt/tec
tion.
Attorney ( W. H. Hatton* of Modesto
is at the Lick.^ • " "
Michael F. Tarpey registered at the
Palace yesterday.
T. M. Brown, Sheriff of Humboldt
County, is at the Russ. s
. J. ¦ G. Cushinsr. a mining man of
Tonppah, is at the Russ.
W. A- Mackinder, a merchant of St.
Helena, is at the California.
Captain and Mrs. John Barneson of
San Mateo are at the Palace. \
Fish Commissioner W. E. Gerber of
Sacramento is at the Palace.
H. Malloch, manager of the woolen
mills at Marysville, Is at the Grand.
C. F. White of Washington, man
ager of the Grays Harbor Commercial
Company, is at the Palace.
J. W. Washbourne. proprietor ' of
the Yosemite Valley Stage Company,
and his family are at the Palace.
O. S. Salisbury,- a wealthy mining
man of Salt Lake, and his daughter
registered at the Occidental yesterday.
H. S. Rand, president of the Bur
lington Lumber Company, and wife of
Burlington are guests at the Califor
nia/^V;-; ,-; /^
T. F. Dunaway, general manager of
the Nevada. Carson and Oregon Rail
road, and wife i arrived from V Reno
yesterday and are staying at the Pal
ace. • . "
. J. J. Byrne, general passenger agent,
and • Edward Chambers, general
freight agent of. the Santa Fc road, ar
rived from Los Angeles yesterday and
are registered at the Palace.
>' Franklin K. Lane, George Whitfleld
Lane and J. Delmore Lederman have
formed a copartnership for the
practice of law, under the firm name
of Lane. Lederman & Lane, with cf
flces in the Hayward building.
Commodore and Mrs. Elbridge T.
Gerry of New York and their in
valid son. Peter Gerry, are registered
at the Palace. They arrived from
Portland at an early hour yesterday
morning on a special train, which was
brought around by way of San Jose.
R. E. Wells, general manager; F. K.
Rule, auditor, and;E. W. Gillett, gen
eral .freight^. and passenger agent of
the San Pedro, Los Angeles Vnd Salt
Lake road, arrived -in this city yester
day and are at the Palace.. Mr. Wells
came west from Salt Lake owing to
the death of' his brother here Monday.
PERSONAL.-
Saturday Last Day.
Come along; don't delay. Get 53.50
shoes for $1.S5. It is easy to tell the
people this, but is it so? Yes, of course.
Do not take them unless you want to.
Mind you, regular $3.50 shoes for men
and women only $1.S5 a pair until Sat
urday, when the closing-out shoe sale
wili stop, and next week the clothing
will say come along at 915 Market street,
opposite Mason. •
Wanted for Forgery.
A. Giobanetti secured a warrant
from Police Judge Fritz yesterday for
the arrest of E. Gatto on a charge of
forgery. He alleges that he and Gat
to were employed on the Southern
Pacific at Lakeview and on November
24 Gatto forged his name to his pay
card for $54 40 and got the money.
Hugh Hayes, who lives on Ida street.
Oakland, secured a warrant from
Judge Fritz for the arrest of Coleman
Conroy on a charge of forgery. He
alleges that in August last Conroy
forged his name to an express order
on Wells, Fargo & Co. for $20.
Rilled by a Car.
Robert Heaviside died at his resi
dence, €18 Ellis street, last Tuesday
evening from the effects of injuries re
ceived on Wednesday of last week by
being struck by an electric car at the
crossing of Polk and Turk streets. He
was a clerk, 57 years old.
It has gone forth as a settled fact
that San Francisco must be beautified,
and our leading citizens are now bend
ing every effort in this direction. Numer
ous plans have been proposed which will
enhance the natural beauty' of the city.
Meanwhile your meals should be cooked
on a gas range purchased from the San
Francisco Gas and Electric Co.. 415 Post.*
rive early . this morning on the trans
port Sheridan. ,
The, Tenth Infantry will be paid off
either Friday or Saturday at the post
by Captain A. W. Chase.
The Coast Artillery, stationed at Fort
Miley, was paid off yesterday by-Pay
master Major William B. Rochester Jr.
The Ninth Cavalry will also be paid
this week, so that by Saturday night
there will be. plenty of money jingling
in the soldiers' pockets.
The United States transport Sheri
dan arrived from ' Manila about 11
o'clock last night and anchored in the
stream. She was exactly 30 days
from her starting point. 21 days from
Nagasaki and 7 j days from Honolulu.
Captain Peabody, was in command.
The vessel carried 102 cabin passen
ger?, 31 steerage and 1195 casuals
and . troops, which • includes the
Twenty-eighth Infantry. A landing
will be made to-day. . ' : ,
Alaska Excursions.
Those contemplating an excursion trip
to Alaska the coming summer should at
tend the lecture to be given by Mr. E.
Burton Holmes in Lyric Hall. 121 Eddy
street, on the evening of January 19.
Mr. Holmes illustrates his work by
many fine stereopticon views, including
a number of motion pictures.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company
will run six exclusive excursions to
Alaska, season of 1904, leaving Seattle,
Tacoma, and Victoria June 7-21, July
5-19 and August 2-16.
Full information, including illustrated
descriptive literature, may be obtained
at ticket offices. 4 New Montgomery
et. f Palace Hotel > or 10 Market st. C.
D. Dunann. General Passenger Agent. •
Thieves with a thirst have been bold
ly operating in the ferry building and
Hawkshaws are trying to locate the
guilty parties. The ferry building
shelters various State bodies, one of
w hich is the State Board of Trade. By
reason of the public promotion work
that the Board of Trade Is carrying on
for the good of the State it has been
assigned space for exhibits on two
floors. One of the spaces adjoins the
grand nave, in which several public
functions have taken place. In this
space, which is open all night to all
comers, the State Board of Trade,
something like a year ago, placed an
elaborate show structure, highly orna
mented, and provided with conven
iences for holding selected special ex
hibits illustrative of the resources of
California counties. Among these, are
sundry bottles of different varieties of
vines and brandies of high quality.
For a long time these bottles, con
taining seductive fluids, have been fa
mcus all along the water front. They
have, however, been safe from attack
until lately. Within the last few weeks
some one has evolved a system to get
the bottles out of the show case and to
remove them in safety from the ferry
building notwithstanding the fact that
there is a watchman in the building,
tvho is supposed to have charge of pub
lic property after dark, when the peo
ple who occupy the offices in the build
ing have gone away until the following
morning.
The system of attack is uniaue. To
open the case it has been necessary to
climb to the top of them on a tall step
ladder in order that plugs, tightly
driven into the tops of the cases might
be removed. While the plugs are In
position it is impossible to get into the
cases except by smashing the glass
fronts. The glass has not been broken
in any instance, but the exhibits have
quite regularly disappeared of late.
Jerome. A." Hart took the stand yes
terday morning and' gave 'testimony
regarding the sanity of Miss Isabel
Clark, who committed suicide in'JDr.
McNuttjs hospital, and whose will is
being contested. Mr. Hart made a
splendid witness for the prosecution,
but his ' direct examination was not
completed before the hour of adjourn
ment. His testimony was in the form
of a narrative of events connected with
the life of decedent from the time he
first met her until the time of her
death.
According to the testimony ,of Mr.
Hart Miss Clark was always of a
moody disposition and inclined to be
pessimistic. When her brother, to
whom she was devotedly attached, died
on .August 1, 1898, she collapsed and
from that time on grew gradually
worse. He was" constantly in fear that
she would end her life, and was not
surprised when he found that she had
committed suicide. The witness related
a number 'of instances in which Miss
Clark showed what he considered men
tal derangement. Prior to entering the
sanitarium and while quartered at the
Palace Hotel, the witness testified, Miss
Clark would go around for days with
her hair down and a glassy look in her
eyes. She refused to take food and
would not answer questions addressed
to her. "When it was suggested that
she should go to Dr. Mclvutt's hospital
she did not demur. Witness thought it
perfectly natural that she should go
to Dr. McNutt's hospital as Dr. McNutt
had been the family physician foj
years. .
WAS ALWAYS 3IORBID.
During the period of Mr. Hart's ac
quaintanceship with Miss Clark she
had always been morbid and melan
choly. She never enjoyed the ordinary
sports, such as riding, golf and tennis,
as the others did, but preferred to shut
herself indoors. She would sit around
in neglige costume and request others
to attend to the social duties.
Hart called on her shortly after she
entered the hospital and found her
very much emaciated. She told him,
he says, that her sisters, Grace and
Ann, were soon to be married, that no
one cared for her, and hinied that after
their marriage she would commit sui
cide. He did his best to cheer her up,
but his efforts were fruitless. Among
other things, he claims, she requested
Mr. Hart to marry her sister Ann. She
wished to have the marriage performed
in front of the fireplace in the hospital
and said that* later Grace and Mr.
Strohmwould be married in the same
place. Then she could die in peace.
NEVER RALLIED FROM SHOCK.
In answer to a Question as to his
opinion regarding the condition of Miss
Clark the witness' said: "Her conduct
after the death of her brother showed
she had received a severe shock,, which
disturbed her mental balance, and later
1 saw she had not recovered from the
6hock. She would send for me fre
quently, her only object being to insist
upon her absurd demand that I marry
her sister in the room she. occupied at
the hospital. I saw finally that this
v.as a fixed idea in her mind, not merely
a passing fancy. Her long stay in the
hospital also . tended to convince me
that her mind was deranged, because it
seemed unreasonable that, a woman of
her wealth and social position should
shut Herself up as_^ a recluse. in a hos
pital when she might house herself
more comfortably. Another phase. which
arrested my attention very, much was
the deep concern she manifested over
the illness of her sister Grace, who was
suffering with an affliction of the eyes.
I was visiting the family at the time
and Miss Belle dragged me into the
sickroom against my will."
The witness, also .related a number
of other instances tending to show that
Miss Clark, during her lifetime, was
subject to strange moods and fancies.
He said he had never known her to
transact business of any kind. Mrs.
Hart, who is one of the litiganVs,. was,
according to the statements of the wit
ness, on the best of terms with Miss
Clark and frequently visited her, al
though he always discouVaged such
visits as they seemed productive of no
good.
The case will be resumed at ll.o'clocl
this morning, when the direct examina
tion of Mr. Hart will.be concluded.
The first of the preparatory reviews
to get the troops in shape for the grand
review that is to be held in honor of
Secretary of War Taft will take place
to-morrow, at 10 a. m. on the golf links
at the Presidio. Of course the move
ments of the secretary are uncertain.
However, preparations are being car
ried on with the presumption that he
will stay over at least a day In San
Francisco to get a view of the post and
its environments. The Korea, on which
he is a passenger, is due here on Jan
uary 23. He will only, receive the con
firmation of his appointment when he
arrives at Honolulu; about the l?th
inst., and from that place will undoubt
edly cable to General MacArthur what
his desires and intentions are. Natur
ally San Francisco is very desirous to
have the new secretary partake of her
hospitality and great inducements are
being held out to have him remain for
at least two days. The banquet which
is. being planned by the citizens is in
tended to be a notable affair.
At army headquarters there seems
to be an impression prevailing that the
secretary will rush through the city
and make the fastest time possible to
Washington. General MacArthur has
been, ordered to proceed outside the
heads on' the Slocum and there receive,
the secretary and bring him with all
possible dispatch to the city.
THE GRAND REVIEW.
The grand review as planned now
will include the Tenth Infantry, Colonel
Charles H. Noble; Thirteenth Infantry,
Colonel Alfred C. Markley; Third
Squadron, Ninth Cavalry, Major John
Bigelow Jr.; Twenty-eighth Infantry,
Colonel'Owen J. Sweet, and the Artil
lery Corps, Colonel Charles Morris.
Altogether the review as planned will
be an imposing affair and as thorough
and complete as the review held on the
links when President . Roosevelt was
here.
UnclefSam may not be preparing for
war, but there is one thing certain— he
is keeping the army transport service
officials here in a lively state of action.
The Meade,. which went on the "dry
dock Monday, comes off at dawn to
day. The transport Warren," which has
been lying up here for the last year, is
scheduled to take her place on the dock
and like the Meade is to be put into
commission at the earliest possible mo
ment. This will put every transport in
these waters into seagoing condition.
The Sherman, Buford and Crook are
now ready to sail at a moment's notice.
These three, with the addition of the
Meade and Warren, will be able to
transport at least five regiments if
trouble brews in foreign waters.
ARMY "HAS1- TESTED.
The army "hash" has been receiving
a three-days' trial by the enlisted men
of the Tenth Infantry. This trial end
ed last night. Colonel Noble stated
that the test was satisfactory. This
hash is not intended to take the place
of the .army rations as prescribed at
present, but is intended to be used in
conjunction with .bacon and • beans,
which have formed the principal arti
cles, of diet in campaigning.
The Twenty-eighth Infantry, which
is returning from Manila, is due to ar-
N. H. Foster, manager's assistant of
the Pacific system of the Southern Pa
cific Company, is to retire shortly from
the corporation with which he has been
connected for nearly twenty-five years.
Yesterday Mr. Foster handed in his
resignation to General Manager Krutt
schnitt, with the request that it be ef
fective by January 20, by which time
Manager Agler will have returned
from an inspection tour of the com
pany's southern branches.
The resignation of Mr. Fester came
as v a surprise to the majority of the
employes of the company, who did not
learn of it until late in the afternoon,
and !iis departure caused no small
amount of regret among those who had
been pleasantly associated with him in
a-business way for many years.
Following the filing of his resignation
it was announced by Mr. Foster that
he had accepted the appointment of
purchasing agent of the San Pedro,
Los Angeles and Salt Lake Railroad,
conferred on him by J. Ross Clark, vice
president of that line. The po
sition was offered him several
weeks ago, but he asked time to
give it consideration. His headquarters
will be in Los Angeles, for which place
he expects to leave as soon as he is
formally relieved of his duties with
the Southern Pacific Company. He goes
to his new post with an advanced sal
ary and a broader field of operations.
Mr. Foster is one of the few remain
ing old guard of the Central Pacific
Company, with which he began work
ing more than twenty-four, years ago
as clerk to the master mechanic of the
road at Winnemucca. Ke was later
made chief clerk of the Sacramento
shops, and his next promotion was to
the position of chief clerk of the mo
tive power department, and later he be
came the auditor of the same office.
Ten years ago, about the time that the
Southern Pacific offices were moved
from Fourth and Townsend streets to
their present location, he was trans
ferred to the office of the manager of
the Pacific system and given the title
of "manager's assistant." In this posi
tion, he has continuously served the
company and has earned for himself
the friendship of every one with whom
he hae come in contact either in a bus
iness or a social way. His successor
has not yet been decided upon by Gen
eral Manager Kruttschnitt. According
to the statement of one of the promi
nent officials of the road yesterday Mr.
Kruttschnitt is undecided as to wheth
er the position will be filled or abol
ishec!.
Every Transport in the Bay
Is Being Placed in Shape to
Go Into Active Service at Call
Witness Never Knew Her to
Transact Any Business Out
side of . -V Household Affairs
While Many Thefts Take Place,
Light Fingered and Bibulous
Operators Arc Not Detected
Has Been Connected With the
Harriman Lines in Various
Capacities for Many Years
CLEWS ARE NOW SOUGHT
MOODS ALWAYS GLOOMY
GETTING READY FORvSEA
TO BE PURCHASING AGENT
Jerome A. Hart Says .She Did
Not Recover From the Shock
of Her Brother's Death
X. H. Foster Leaves the South
ern Pacific to Accept Em
ployment "With Clark Koad
Troops Stationed at Presidio.
Arrange for Full Review i u
Honor of War Secretary Taft
BY SALLY SHARP.
Merrily will ring the wedding bells
in the weeks Jo come. Cards are trav
eling their prosaic way through the
post, telling the tidings of the day to
the elect.
Mr. and Mrs. Albert . Newell Drown
have issued the delectable little paste
boards, that announce the nuptials of
their lovely daughter, Bernie Robert
son, to Samuel Hart Boardman. The
affair takes place at St. Luke's on Sat
urday, the 30th, at high noon. Cap
tain Frank Long Winn, who is to serve
the groom, will soon arrive from Fort
Douglas, Utah.
Following this announcement comes
that of Miss Jacqueline Moore and John
P. Valentine, who will be wedded on
the same day at 3 o'clock at the Church
of the Advent, East Oakland.
Mr. and Mrs. A. A. Moore have bid
den many friends to the reception at
their home.
• * •
On Monday afternoon at 3 o'clock
the wedding of Miss Caroline Rixford.
the clever artist, and Cpvlhgton John
son will be -celebrated at the home of
the bride's parents, Mr. and Mrs. G. P.
Rixford. at 1813 Pierce street.
The ceremony will be performed by
the Right Rev. Bishop Nichols, and
•will be witnessed only by relatives of
the two families.
Miss Rixford will be attended by a
cousin. Miss Catherine Rixford, while
the groom will be served by his nephew,
Covington Pringle.
A triD to the south will follow the
ceremony.
February brings another wedding
day, the 2d,.\vhen Miss Louise Har
rington will become the bride of Lieu
tenant Leahy, U. S. A. The ceremony
will be quietly celebrated, because of
the recent death of the bride's father.
To-night Colonel Luigi Lomia, U. S.
A., and Mrs. Lomia will entertain at
Fort Baker, of which the gallant
colonel has recently been appointed
commander.
A tea is on the tapis that will interest
a large coterie — that of Mrs. M. H. de
Young. It is set for Saturday, the
23d, and will constitute the formal pre
sentation of Miss Constance de Young
to society.
* • •
The Papyrus Club will meet in Uto
pia Hall to-day, when the usual feast
of wit, song and story will be presented.
The tea at the Papyrus is the real
thing— but alas! that so much could
not be said of its punch. To-day will
be "tea" day.
• • •
The Corona Club will hold an inter
esting session this afternoon, when a
talk on Russia will be given, embel
lished with the rhythm of Russian mu
sic. A little Japanese music might add
zest to the programme.
The Women's Auxiliary of the So
ciety of California Pioneers will give a
reception and ball at Pioneer Hall
Tuesday evening, February 2, 1904. The
function Is to be held in commemora
tion of the treaty of Guadaloupe Hi
dalgo, by which California was ceded
to the United States by Mexico on Feb
ruary 2, 1848. A musical programme
will be rendered during the reception
and dancing will follow. The, guests
will consist of the Society of California
Pioneers, the United States and State
Judges, Mayor Schmitz, the officers of
the army and navy, the presidents of
the principal San Francisco clubs and
the friends of the members of the as
sociation.
Mrs. John H. Jewett was the organ
izer of the association, and is now the
honorary president.
The committee of arrangements con
sists of Mrs. J. M. Burnett, president;
Mrs. G. J. Bucknall, Mrs. S. *W. Hol
laday, Mrs. E. P. Brlce. Mrs. Peer Tif
fany, Miss Caroline Van Dyke, Miss
Sarah M. Hunt, Mrs. Herbert Foiger,
Miss Margaret O'Callaghan. Miss Helen
Wagner, Miss Frances Harris, Miss
Gertrude Campbell, Miss Katherln Her
rin. Miss Helen Pettigrew, Miss Pearl
Landers, Irtss Gertrude Dutton, Miss
Bessie Wilson. Edward . Greenway,
Jack Wilson, Edgar Mizner, George
Field, Clarence Follis, Athole McBean,
Richard Hotaling and Frank Owen.
State Board of Trade Showcases
Are Attacked by Bold Rascals,
AVho Make Use of a Ladder
ISABEL CLARK'S
MENTAL STATE
ARMY PREPARES
TO MEET CHIEF
RESIGNS FROM
PRESENT POST
MANY WEDDINGS
TO TAKE PLACE
IN NEAR FUTURE
THIEVES STEAL
WINE EXHIBITS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', THURSDAY, JANUARY 14, ,. 1904.
16
i\^^i$1.25NewScotch5nitings70c|}H^7
.^j]//. Vi'; The dressiest kinds of zibelines at ;M\V<^aL
J 4/fr> V/ 7oc, not to be found reeularlv under :| .- wfJy/ffF*
/*[ Yf'iW $1.25 and $1.50. A fine lot O \$\W//
' 1 'd'wJ' heavy pebble suitings at 85c, worth M : ;WJ ;
1 »¦'¦• \s$ms $1-50. Thcn by the time you \W^\
ZSkJ^ have seen all these fancy bou- \^^*"-tU*-;A
jrf&fl Y rettes, these French cloths and these tjjt/
ttr¥-/'§* worsteds you will bejrin to realize ft^
¦Wlr-^f- what an unusual dress _eoods sale fc.
Ar Hale's are having. They're just the /
¦ poods women are wearing and want-
ing now. Some of the prices are less
than the mills have been cettine in . . .
quantities.
Don't tarry too long if you've got your mind on any one
thing. It may* be the thing that will get sold out first.
Women's Cotton Waists 75c
Oxfords and cheviots, white and black and white; not more than
enough for those who want them to-day. Even those who do come would
do well to come early. . They are waists we can't ordinarily sell under
$1.50. With them are a few black and white polka dot sateens with white
stitching, box-pleated front with graduating box pleats in the back, 75c.
Other waists:
95c — Mercerized cotton waists with $1.50 — Mercerized cottons, white
pleats in front as well as tabs and grounds with fancy black stripes,
the ends of the" tabs with lace. ljgg££?5££ W '
large pearl buttons, large sleeves; cheviots. The
white only. most striking black and white
$1.25— Oxfords in white and black st y Jes e have seen. l In front
and white; g<0 with O ink and HjggBS!
blue polka dots, all with pleated large pearl button .
fronts, large sleeves, pearl but- Other mercerized waists $2.0;.
tons, stock collars. ¦ • $.3.50. $395, $475, $5.oo and $6.7.v
Women's Neckwear
All the soiled and mussed pieces, all the ones and twos of a
kind, even many fancy collars that were pushed aside in the
holiday flurry, arc all out to-day at two quick clean up prices.
15c 25c
Those that were 25c and jjr. Those that were joe, 6jc and 73c.
Fancy stocks of washable materials Fancy silk stocks, with pretty Per-
in four-in-hand effects; some with sian trimmings, and have fancy open-
linen bows; silk and tucked satin work stitching or fine ornaments, with
stock collars, as well as velvet ones; lace or silk appliqued medallions: some
pretty, washable ties of turn-over ef- with fancy embroidery or French
fects and some tucked collars. ./ knots; -tucked stocks and lace stocks.
• Women's Linen Collars 5c
\2Y 2 c originally — straight and turn-down styles. Fashion was fin-
icky. If you are not you will get a bargain. Sizes run from \2*A to
14J4. With them are a few women's roll cuffs, sizes from 7 l A to 8 Z A. 5c.
Miss McCauley, X&JBLj&F *]ffl £ Her Ladyship
Her Ladyship Cor- Sn Jff^^^^JI^^^^ bgifJg demonstrated
sets this week. JB* -~^^jGo/*r* 0000^0^ this week.
P9 Ir ff i3 E9 wSn 1 41 1 I
I BKsfBpaj^Kf BA a W^Pl9sS&Eftw3h^£^l>E'>'^^^B^[^^ll^9
i SStn^ H % fl ft ir ft ill tfk9yjn£ j
tB?**r5§§ ill ji 0 j&_*" jSS l 'i~' i
I 39 STOCKTON STREET.
'Telephoas Main 5522.
We take pride In the fact that each and
*very department In our blx establish-
ment !a most efficiently carried on. the
i needs and desires. . of. our patrons betas
the • subject of, much successful study.
Thursday,. Friday, and Saturday Specials.
CREAMERY BUTTER, 2 squares for. .85c
Market. advancing 1 rapidly. -
FARCY RANCH EGGS, per dozen 35c
£est Santa Rosa larce white.
COSTA RICA COFFEE, per Ib 20c
Reg:. C.Tc. Selected with gTeat care.
Eplendld value.
FARD DATES, per Ib 10c
Hfff. 12!ic. Another new shipment.
NAVEL ORAMGES, par dozen ....... 30c
Reg. 35c. Large, gweet and Juicy.
CASHED FRUIT, per can 15 C
Pejr. 20c. Peaches. Pears. Apricots and
Plums. Choice, select fruit.
COMB HONEY, per ccmb 15c
Rea;. 2t»c. Fancy water white. '
CONCENTRATED SOUPS, 3 cans for.. 25c
Per doz. cans.. O5c
liegr. *1.10 doz.. 10c can. Campbell'i or
Camj's. Full assortment.
DOOR MATS, special. . 45c, 60c, 70c. 85c
P.eg;. 60c. 73c. 83c. $1.00.
CHICKEN-COCK BOURBON : . boi 75c. gal S3
Reg. $1.00 and $4.00. Better than medi-
cine at this season of the year
MARQUETTE RYE, per bot $1.00
Reg. $1.23. Its popularity proves Its «u-
periority.
ROCK AND RYE, per boi... 60c
Re*. 73c. This will stop that couch of
yours.
CLARET, per gal ...4Q C
Reg. 50c. Splendid blood tonic.
Our solicitors will call on request.
RROS.TPMIMNY 0
We are again in our build-
ing at
Market and 10th Streets
with a clean, up-to-date
stock of vehicles-
THE BOARD OF
LONDON WINE MERCHANTS.
HAS SELECT t0-
DRYMONOPOLE
i AS THE BEST
CHAMPAGNE IN THE
++ WORLD
Always . Remember the Full Name
l^axative gromo Qrrnjne
Core8aCoWiaOneDay,Cf$b2Day3
#5? on«vwy
V/» •#• X*£> 0P|^j0i bos. 25c
MABKS BROS. .
Marks Bros.
E.Big.. p
Bargains 0
FOR TODAY ONLY
Flannelette Petticoats 35c
I o/-_ for 50c WOMEN'S PETTI-
\OOC CO A TS. Made of an excel-
lent quality of Flannelette; deep
I flounce; to be had in good washable
I colors of cream, blue and pink. .
Eiderdown Sacques 45c
I /P. for 75c WOMEN'S EIDER-
<fO C DOWN DRESSING SACQUES.
I Bell sleeves, collar and front- fetch-
I ingly trimmed with a ¦ neat hand-
I crocheted design of worsted. ,
Mercer/zed Petticoats
pn _ for $1.00 MERCERIZED I
OUC SATEEN PETTICOATS. Deep
flounce, made with 2 lined ruffles.
Extra full— extra wide.
Flannelette Wrappers 65c
PR* for $1-00 WOMEN'S FLAN-
OOC NELETTE. WRAPPERS. Made]
with deep flounce and deep hem.
Bretelles over shoulder;' fitted rest
lining.
Children's Vests 25c
A * O C « CHILDREN'S FORM
MX \ £.00 FITTING VESTS in gray
only. Sold all other days for 40c. j
Skirts $3.50 ¦
0 Q fZfl Price placed upon our
OQ.UU [ $5.00, $6.00 and $6.50
! WALKING SKIRTS. Perfect fitting
over ;, the hips. Large rarhty of
styles to select, from.
Green Trading Stamps With All Purchases
MARKS BROS.
"HO WEST VALUES."
1220-1222-1224 Market Street
Between ;Tayloi> and r Jones.
AD VEBTISEMENTS. '
Trunk and Suit Case— Special Offer.
Excellent Trunk, durably made, -with • all
V heavy brass trimmings, two extra' trays.
double strapped , and an extra" value. -at
19.50. We have specially : reduced the
price to . ........ V; .........".•" • -*«.OO
Dress Suit Case of fine sole leather. -hand-
' some in appearance, ¦ -.well "--" made and
durable, worth much more, but we offer
it for .'..-. ........ v: . . . ........ . .f«.00
A. B. SMITH CO.
:• Trunks and ; Travellnr ¦ Outfit*, -
128-132 ; Ellis « Street, Above Powell,
¦ »-•¦'-. >.'. ¦->',..¦ San ", Francisco. : "¦•'¦ "¦ '•'¦¦•'..•
ADVERTISEMENTS.
(j The success of this sale proves that San Francisco |
I] ladies appreciate a bona-fide reduction. The price ticket I
j} ..on all garments remains the same as before the sale. / ; ¦"
Jl The 20 per cent is taken off these marked prices. Every ;; 1
h fur garment in the house is included. Among them are: |
jj Russian Sable Garments Ncarseal Jackets 1
ji Sealskin Jackets Persian Lamb Jackets |
|| Fox Stoics Siberian Squirrel Stoics fl
I; '-/i Muffs in All Fur* .8
[J ' ¦ * ;j'f. . ¦ la
This sale lasts only a few days longer, so don't
delay.
H LIEBE$*CO™
I TheLaryest ''Exclusive >JbrHouse in theltt)orld I