\
TES WSATSZB.
Continued . on Page 2, Column 2.
CHRISTIANIA,; Jan. M5. — The upper
house ,by . an ; almost unanimous .vote
has adopted \ a bill authorizing, women
to act "as attorneys .and .advocates .' in
Norwegian courts. .
.Women Lawyers in • Norway;
ff APAX NEEDS i LJXERS.
Tvnffic of the Big Steamships Is To Be
1 Suspended." "
LONDON, Jan."' 16."— The V Tokio , l cor-
Archbishop Harty Arrives.
MANILA, Jan. 13.— The Right Rev.
J. J. Harty, the newly appointed Cath
olic Archbishop of Manila, arrived here
to-day. A monster reception has been
arranged for to-morrow. to give him a
arietta*/
Officers 1 of Painters' ,*Brotherhood.
LAFAYETTE, ; Indian. 15.—^J. C.
Balhorn of /Detroit 'has, _been elected
president 5: of the'; Brotherhood of
Painters', and , Paperharig
ers of America as a result. of , the can
vass .,ot votes just completed. •/ Among
the vice presidents is J. C. Skemp of
Sari'Frahcisco. " • .'
WASHINGTON, Jan. '.'I5i'-f Secretary.
Wilson announced to the - Cab! net at
its meeting to-day that the' Govern
ment has a wireless' tele~aph system
of its own,, an ', invention of. the. De
partment of. Agriculture.' Scientists of
the department have been experiment
ing a long time and have succeeded in
perfecting, a : system and putting it ', to
work.< He did not go into details about
the new system, but stated that it was
In ; successful operation between; San
Francisco and the Farallon Islands. ;i
Secretary of Agriculture Announces
' Success of liine Between San
Francisco and Farallohes. r '^
WILSON* TALKS- OF THE;
NEW> WIRELESS SYSTEM
BLACK DUCK, Minn., Jan. 15.—EX
dtement prevailed at Kelliher, a new
border town twenty miles north of here,
all last night and to-day it continued
over a shooting affair that starf ed In a
gambling-house.
The house was surrounded all night by
a score of armed men who were trying
to get a man named Plummer and a
woman companion who had ejected the
proprietor of the house from the place
at the point of their revolvers and then
began to "shoot the place up" in real
istic border fashion. When the Inmate3
were driven out the Town Council as
sembled and called for volunteers. Each
man was furnished with a rifle and a
quart bottle of whisky, the latter as *
stimulant against the cold.
The house was riddled with bullets.
The couple in the house wrecked the in
terior with axes and fired at every one
who .came within range. The battle
continued until midnight, when a truce
was arranged until this morning. The
Town Marshal was wounded slightly.
The besieged persons then took turns
at/ watching and sleeping, and occa
sionally a shot was fired. In the mean
time the Sheriff from Beverfdge was
summoned. .
Fedyez on Saturday night last en
tered the residence of Herbert Walker
at Fillmore and stole a gold. watch and
other Jewelry. He next entered the
home of A. J. Brandon, securing a gold
watch. Jewelry, silverware and minor
articles. He then .attempted .to gain
entrance to the new residence of Rich
ard Stevens.- Stevens was recently
married and was away on his wed
ding trip,' and his two sisters were
alone in the house. Fedyez was-en
deavoring to pry open a window when
the young ladies discovered him. As
they had neither revolver nor gun in
the house, they went for clubs. As the
marauder was about to enter the win
dow ' neighbors armed with shotguns
arrived on the scene. Fedyez started
to run and several shots were fired.
Herbert Walker, whose home had been
robbed, finally shot the fleeing burglar
in, the "head, slightly wounding him.
Fedyez fell," and Robert Frtmlln,, a
Bcer.^war veteran, pounced oh top of
him. ' A desperate battle ensued, but
Fremlin.. assisted by Walker, was vicr
torious. Fedyez was then turned over
to'Denutv Sheriff Tletsort.
VENTURA, Jan. 15.— Joseph Fedyez,
a French-Canadian, was sentenced by
Judge Ewing to-day to five years' im
prisonment at Folsom . on his plea of
guilty to a charge of -burglary. . The
authorities here believe that he has a
criminal record. .'"
Special Dfspatch to The Call.
"I have sent. out 200 personal letters
denying that I am a candidate for the
Presidency, and I do not want to be
considered as such. I consider all such
talk 'a closed incident.' The alleged op
position to' the nomination pf. President
Roosevelt has been overestimated and
magnified greatly 1 by Democratic pa
pers and others with Democratic pro
clivitles.'' ; ' /* , '
/Senator Hanna said /he would ' issue
the call for ( the national convention 'in
a few days. It has* been' delayed on ac
count of the -Chicago hotel-keepers ad
vancing their rates.' s < ; . ,...';;.
PITTSBURG, Jan. 15.— Senator M. A.
Hanna in an interview here to-night
said: ' :"¦ - ; ' • ¦¦¦¦¦-- ¦>" ' -; • • ¦ ¦< . -
Ohio Statesman Declares That Oppo
sition to Roosevelt Is Greatly
Overestimated.'
"I'M NOT A CANDIDATE,"
SAYS SENATOR HANNA
Criminal "Enters Dwelling at
Fillmore and Is Shot While
Trying^to> Make His Escape
Border Town ' Authorities Call
for Volunteers to Capture
Two Barricaded Desperadoes
r. CRIPPLE CREEK, Colo., Jan. 15.—
The rich gold strike in the W. P. H. is
far better to-night than ever.' On the
hanging wall there is showing a three
inch ; vein of gold. On: the opposite
wall. there^ is five inches jof, quartz that
is almost half pure.
• Professor, -Ransome^ of i the United
States Geological. Survey, in charge of
work under way in the • district, in
spected the* showing to-day, and says
that inhis opinion it. has never before
been< equaled* in the nistory of the
world. ' > . ,
Professor. Ransome , declined to give
a statement j for publication because,
he said, of the peculiar 'mission he is
here , on for .the Government, 1 but ho
admitted he had never seen; the equal
of the find and could mention none that
surpassed Mt. ' A strike of great im
portance, that would- be considered
marvelous had it noUbeen: for the W.
P. H.,, has, been made "in , the El Paso
mine on; Beacon 'Hill. The body Is
seven feet wide and rich ore, worth $30
per pound. There Is intense excitement,
but- martial' law frightens "outsiders.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Government Official
Tells of Color
ado Find.
BANCROFT APPOINTED
SUCCESSOR TO BURT
Oregon Short Line Official Is Chosen
General Manager. of the Union
' Pacific Company.
OMAHA, Xebr., Jan. 15. — The fol
lowing bulletin was posted to-day at
the Union Pacific headquarters: .
"NEW YORK, Jan. 15. — W. H. Ban
croft is appointed general manager of
the Union Pacific Company, with
headquarters at Omaha, Nebr., effec
tive this date.
"E. H. HARRIMAN, President."
Bancroft has been in the city for
several days in consultation with Vice
President W. D. Cornish of S T ew York.
The new appointment, It is stated,
will make no change in Bancroft's po
sition with the Oregon Short Line, the
affairs of which road- he will continue
to direct.. President 'Burt's resigna
tion, taking effect to-day, and the in
cumbency of the new general manager
will begin at once. . Another sequence
of Bancroft's appointment Is the
bringing 'into closer relations of the
Oregon Short Line and Union- Pacific
Railway, . both of which -will be prac
tically under one management, which
will direct them as a consolidated sys
tem. ' '
Bancroft stated that no other official
would be affected as a result of his ap
pointment..
Continued on Page 2, Column 3.
•when he was intercepted in his hasty
f.ight, but no attempt was made to hold
them.
The story of the chase and capture
of the two brothers is a vivid one and
reads like a tale from a yellow covered
novel. A telegram which was dis
patched by a clerk formerly In the em
ploy of the Sproats to a small town in
Nevada gave the detectives a clew,
which they followed diligently till their
efforts v.ere finally rewarded with the
capture of both men.
BOTH BROTHERS DISAPPEAR.
When the Sproat brothers suddenly
dropped out of Eight a few days after
their failure, in the latter part of De
cember, the members of the Board of
Trade called a special session and de
cided to bring the accused men back
to face trial at any cost. It was first
suggested that the matter be put Into
the hands of the Police Department,
but on second consideration the mem
bers of the board decided that the case
would attain too much publicity, and
finally it was intrusted to the Curtin
Detective Agency.
Principal Miles Bolger, the head of
the agency,-" at once began to look for a
possible clew as to the thereabouts of
the brothers. A warrant was secured
against Edward in this city, and an
other was sworn to by a San Jose iruit
man for the arrest of Samuel.
Edward was traced to Utah, where
he suddenly threw his pursuers off his
trail. There seemed but little chance of
apprehending him, so the detectives
finally decided not to molest- Samuel,
but to use him as a decoy by which
to trail his brother.
Samuel dropped out of town sev
eral times and always reappeared. His
movements were closely watched by
the sleuths and about a week ago he
was seen in consultation with Arthur
W. Wiscomt confidential clerk of the
bankrupt fir»n, who. was looking after
the Interests of both men.
WIscomb was followed by one of
the detectives to J the Western
Union Telegraph office, where
he sent a message. He had the words
roughly scrawied on the back of an
envelope and after leaving the office
tore the envelope into small piece*,
and threw them into the street.
TELEGRAM SUGGESTS A CLEW.
The detective picked up the small
scraps and after three hours of dili
gent work finally pasted ttjem togeth
er. The message read: "J. H. Wilson.
Toano, Xev. I have no troubles. Hav«»
you?" This message proved the un
doing of Edward Sproat. for a detec
tive was at once sent to Toano, wher*»
Edward Sproat was living under the
name of Wilson. The detective
reached there about twenty-fou^
liours after Edward Sproat had left
that place on his way to Los Angeles.
While In Toar.o Sproat lived wit*
hy? brother. George, "a railroad tele
grapher. Before leaving the, plac*
the fugitive shipped in his own .nam»
to Los Angeles a box containin $17 11
in cold coin. The shipping receipt*
for the money are now in the hand
of the detectives.
Sproafs trail was taken up and he
was followed by th*? detective on his
ray south. The i>o!iee. authorities
Californians in Xcw York.
tNEW YORK, Jan. 16.— The follow
ing Californians are here: From San
Francisco — J. Ackerman, at the Hol
land; R. B. Bogalz, at the Cosmo
politan; P. D. Brady, Miss F. Brady,
P. H. Brady, at the Sinclair House;
O. M.- Brennan. at the Ashland; Miss
K. Doyle, at the Sinclair House; W. F.
Humphrey, at the Holland; P. R.
Lynch, at the Sinclair House; J. H.
Toler, at the Park Avenue; G. L. Wei
tender, at the Kensington; -W. L.
Burns, at the Hoffman; Miss.'M. H.
Burns, at the Holland; H. G. Shude
man, at the Imperial; H. - Wallace* ¦ at
the Hotel Jefferson; C. A. Mann, G. W.
Phelps, at the Hoffman House, v '
From San Jose— W. A. Casper, at
the Sinclair. V : <
From. Los- Angeles — O. Browne, at
the Grand Union
EL PASO, Tex., Jan. 15.— The report
of a vendetta rivaling those "of Italy
comes from Ascension, Mexico; where
two men lost their lives as a result of
a deep-rooted. feud.
A few days ago Cel > Lugo, one of
the wealthiest and best-known cattle
men of the border country, was arrest
ed for cattle theft and thrown in Jail
at Ascension to lie there for an indefi
nite period awaiting triaj; After the
arrest of the ranchman his son-investi
gated' and discovered that information
had been given the -officers by Jose
Lara, an enemy. _ The son of Lugo
promptly ambushed :; and killed Lara
and boasted of his crime, stating that
he had avenged the wrong against his
father. ¦
, Tomas Rodriguez, when he heard of
the murder, waylaid youflg J^ugo and
stabbed him to death. The officers cap
tured Rodriguez and' he is./how . In 'jail
at Ascension charged witb/murder.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FABULOUS,
THE RICHES
IN A MINE
DIPLOMATS WHO ARE IN-
1 TERESTED IN JAPANESE
RUSSIAN NEGOTIATIONS.
Son of -Arrested Man
Murders and Is
Murdered.
forced into the union,
The noblewoman whom the Duke de
sires to marry is not named in the
Allegemeine Zeitung's statement, but
she is said to be Princess Clementine,
daughter of Pauline. Princess de Met
ternich-Sandor. She is described as a
brilliant vlolii.ist and one of the most
fascinating figures in Vienna society.
The report has caused a sensation in
court circles, and the course attributed
to the Duke is severely condemned.
It is said the strong devotion of the
Archduchess to duty is displeasing to
the Duke. The Archduchess has re
peatedly tried to induce the Duke to
live as a more consistent claimant to
the throne of France.
It is said the development of the case
will depend upon the decision of the
Curia.
Duke Louis Philip Robert, head of
the Bourbon-Orleans house, married in
1896 Archduchess Maria Dorothea of
Austria.
16.— The account of
"Russia will not agree . to the^ opening
of Wlju and will protect Korean sover
eignty at ; all Jcosts.;/ Russia would Re
gard the ; landing, of Japanese" troops
in Koreaias*an unfriendly act and
would ' defend . the", independence of
Korea against j pagan j invaders." ... $
i In the . same \ interview ". Minister
Pavloff ?. declared : ' "The I Russian ,' fleet
will j not fight. ; Fabian .tactics • will^be
employed, . and" Japan, will 'defeat jher
self within a* short f period after, being
on a war footing." -- ....*- *.
"Mr. Hondoda, president of the
Nobles Bank, presided and,- In welcom
ing the guests, dwelt upon the close
friendship of the . three countries. /He
said the Japanese people who had suc
ceeded in . financiering, the war with
China were able to flnd money for a
more serious struggle now, when the
national 'wealth was many times
greater." ,.
The Dally , Mail's Seoul ; correspond
ent cables an interview with M. Pavloff,
the Russian . Minister to Korea; who
said: ¦¦¦'""/: .. ./¦:' '.-..:..-': ¦ .'. ." ',. -C:' ;•"
"Although the most informal engage
ments" may be violated with impunity
in dealing with the'Manchu Emperor,
the President of the United States can 7
not be treated cavilierly. It would be
too hazardous a game and too likely
to end In humiliating complications."
The Daily News, In an editorial on
the same . subject, says that Russia
must "grin and bear it." . :
Tokio dispatches printed this morn
ing show no change, in the situation.
It is announced that Generals Nozu,
Kerokl and Oku and^ Admiral Count
Inouye have been appointed additional
members of the war council, of which
Marshal Yamagata is president, and
that an order has been given for an
other 16,000- ton battleship to , be built
in England. y r * '„ . ;.. ! - ,,'
| The Standard's Tokio correspondent
describes a banquet; given by leading
Japanese financiers -.. and merchants to
the- British and, American, naval •at
taches and- the press correspondents:
FRIENDSHIP. OP XATIOXS.
WAR SPIRIT | CONTINUES.
LOND%N. Jan.
the imperial New*. Year's reception j ; at
the Winter, Palece in St. Peters
burg on Thursday and one of the
pacific utterances . of the. Czar
to the Minister ; and' oth
er di plomats is ": given . prominence by
the whole British pfess as the "most
important and gratifying news of the
day. It is recognized that the trend of
events may, prove, too , strong for the
TEmperor, but his assurances are ac
cepted as evidence "that thei slluatlon
has not grown "worse, r , ;' ¦ • "
The interest of the United States in
the crisis continues to be the subject
of, a great deal; of discussion, and it
is considered impossible that. Russia
will attempt to ;thwart j the treaty
rights of the United States. The Stand
ard says: . .. * \ >
Czar's Wor&s*for*E>€3ce
Gratify the Editors of
England;
VENDETTA
MAKES END
OF LIVES
BULLET STOPS
BOLD BURGLAR
WASHINGTON, Jan. 15.— A sensa
tion has been created in army circles
by the issuance of the following: I
*"War Department, Washington, Jan.
8, 1904.— General orders number 4: 1—
The following is furnished to the army
for the information and guidance of all
concerned:* All ball cartridges for
United States magazine rifles and car
bines, models 1896, 1898 and 1899, caliber
third, marked with W. R. A. 30 U. S.
C. on cartridge case, now in possession
of troops, will be turned into the near
est arsenal or depot for shipment to
the Frankfort arsenal."
Upward of 3,000,000 rounds of ammu
nition.hurriedly purchased by the War
Department during the war with Spain
have, been found to be. grossly defec
' trve." "• Th6" above order. Issued imme
diately after the inferior quality of this
ammunition was discovered, will call it
all in from various posts in this coun
try and the Philippines that now have
It. Sound ball cartridges will be sub
stituted for it and great danger due to
dependence on cartridges that are not
reliable will be removed.
No one person is held responsible for
this defect. It is regarded as the nat
ural result of inadequate ordnance
manufacturing facilities in this coun
try in time of war. The Government
manufactures its own ammunition
now, l>ut it did not do so during the
Spanish-American- war. Nor was there
always time to make contracts for such
ammunition as was needed. The War
Department, frequently went into the
open market and bought large quan
tities from private firms, accepting this
ammunition sometimes without the
usual inspection by an army officer,
but taking a guarantee of the firm that
the ammunition was sound. ,\
Such was the case with a large por
tion of ammunition for caliber 30 rifles
and carbines. Large purchases were
made in New York at an approximate
price of $17 a thousand. Delivery was
made quickly. The 3,000,000 rounds
now found defective — of which about
2,000,000 rounds is In Manila — cost
about $651,000.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VIENNA, Jan. 15.— The Allegemeine
Zeitung.says that Duke Philip of Or
leans is seeking a divorce and that he
has petitioned the Curia for a dispen
sation to enable him to marry the
daughter of a great Austrian noble.
The Allegemeine Zeitung asserts that
the Duke consulted the leading mem
bers of the Rpyalist party last summer
and informed them of his intention,
giving^ as a reason that his present
union was childless and that he de
sired to continue his royal line. The
Royalists, headed by Emperor Francis
Joseph, endeavored to dissuade the
Duke from taking the. action he pro
posed and Dointed out to him that his
divorce and remarriage would scandal
ize Catholic circles in France, the chief
supporters ' of the* Royalist cause. It
at first appeared that the Duke ac
quiesced in the wishes! of his followers,
but he now renews his request to the
Curia, urging the nullification of his
marriage on the ground that he was
Application Is Made to the Curia for
a Dispensation Before Release
From Marriage.
GUNS AND RUM
FOR FIGHTERS
SAN JOSE DE GUATMAS. Jan. 15.—
Captain Felipe Alvidres. at the head
of a hundred soldiers of the Twentieth
Battelion of Mexican regulars, rode
into San Jose de Guaymas late Thurs
day night, bringing the first news of
a battle with the Seri Indians, which
took place in the San Ursula Moun
tains three days ago. The party, under
Captain Alvidres, had been in pursuit
of the Indians for three weeks, hav
ing taken their trail shortly after the
massacre at El Poso ranch, perpetrated
by the Indians when they first crossed
from their native island of Tiburon, in
the Gulf of California. Many times
the Indian band of about forty braves
eluded Alvidres and his men and suc
ceeded in avoiding a fight just as their
pursuers were on their heels and a bat
tle seemed inevitable. Finally, op Mon
day, the Mexican troops caught up with
the savage Seris at a point in the
mountains called the Lion's Head, and
while the Indians weTe not hemmed in
they grave battle, knowing that a con
flict would result sooner or later.
The flsht was short and hot. Th©
entire band of Indians, the most of
whom were mounted on stolen horses,
wheeled in their saddles and turned
upon the pursuing party, be:.: on over
whelming them in one grand rush. Had
It not been for Alvidres, they might
have been successful, but he lined up
his men and met the onslaught with a
deadly fire. Eight of the Seris fell
from their horses dead and many of
them had their animals shot from un
der * them, while others escaped, al
though badly wounded. In the mean
time their comrades had wrought havoc
in the ranks of the opposing forces, and
a dozen Mexican troopers had fallen,
several of them seriously wounded, but
fortunately none were killed. The Serla
took advantage of the demoralizing ef
fect of their charge upon the Mexican
forces and made their escape through
a pass In the mountains, carrying away
i their wounded and leaving their dead
! on the field.
Alvidres saw that further pursuit was
hopeless and, believing that the In
dians, if left alone, would return to
their native island, he withdrew to San
Jose de Guaymas to await orders frot.v
his superiors. S
Ep«cial Dispatch to The Call.
Thousands of Dollars Lost Through
Hasty Purchase of Material for
Hostilities With Spain.
Two C;tectives left Los Angeles for
this citv on the Owl train last night
with Edward Sproat. The Sheriff of
Santa Clara County will probably dis
patch a man to Santa Ana for Samuel
Sproat within a few days. # ¦
The capture of the much sought men ]
was made by members of the Curtin
Detective Agency, who have been trail
ing the refugees from one hiding place
to another for the last two weeks. The
utmost secrecy has been maintained
concerning the chase and capture of the
men, and only the private detectives
and a few members of the Board of
Trade are in possession of the details
of the case.
Edward Sproat. who is alleged to be
the prime mover in the conspiracy, was
taken into custody in the little town of
Caplstrano. a few miles outside Santa
Ana, in Orange County. Samuel -was
captured In the hills north of Santa
Ana, whither he had gone after leaving
his brother In order to throw the pur- ?
suers off their scent. The mother and
sister of the men were with Edward
After skillfully evading their pursuers
for two tveeks through three different
States, Edward S. and Samuel Sproat',
v ho are wanted here on charges of
feloniously obtaining more than $60,000
¦worth of merchandise, were run to
earth on Thursday evening as they
were about to slip over the Mexican
border.
Sensation Caused in Royal
Circles by the Pe
tition.
Sharp Engagement Takes Place and
Several ' Members of Pursuing
Party Are Wounded.
Alleged Embezzlers Hire Team and Flee
Toward Mexican Border, but Are
Overhauled in South.
War Department Issues a
Sensational Order to •
tlie Troops.
Mexican Troops Overtake
Fugitives to tlie San Ur
sula Mountains.
Private Detectives Ciiase
One Fugitive Tbrcngli
Three States.
Army Men Declare
Ammunition Is
Worthless.
Philip of Orleans Is
Anxious lor a Sep
aration.
Two Brothers Run
to Earth Near
Santa Ana,
JAIL DOORS
ARE CLOSED
ON SPROATS
DUKE ASKS
A CONSENT
TO DIVORCE
CONDEMN
MILLIONS OF
CARTRIDGES
T ON DON, Jan. 16.—A dispatch to the Telegraph from Tokio says that Japan has enteredrin
.!¦** to a contract with the Armstrongs and Vickers Sons and Maxim for\ the construction of a
battleship of 16,000 tons by each firm, and contemplates the building of a third ship. It is re
ported that Russian whalers and transports are hovering in the Korean Straits watching the Jap
anese naval stations at Tsushima and Takesliki. V * . ', ' v
Eight ol tlie Hostile
\ Reds Killed by
Regulars,
MARAUDING
SERB SLAIN
IN BATTLE
JAPAN'S LATEST NOTE IS POND ERED OVER BY RUSSIA
AND THE ISLAND EMPIRE ORDERS MORE WORSHIPS
N . THS - - THEATEE3.
AJ »r — "Tli* Moth and the
ritmt." ' - - ¦
Cs.-_--_*a — "Trip to Chinatown.'*
Central — "The Moonshiners."
Piscber's— "The Scanty Shop."
Grand — "In Convict Stripes."
Lyric Ball — Burton Holmes.
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
The Chutes — Vaudeville.
Tlvoll Opera-Xouse? — "When
Johnny Comes Marching;
Some."
Columbia — "Mrs. Deerimr'a SI
vcrce."
Matinees at All Theaters To-
Day.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY/JANUARY 16, 1904.
VOLUME XCV— NO. 47.
Tcrecast* made at San Traa
cisco for' thirty hours ending:
x&idnijfht, January 16:
San Praacisco aa5 vicinity —
R&in Saturday: fcrisi to high
southerly wui-J.
A. G. McADIE.
District Forecaster.
The San Francisco Call.A miner named Shuback.and a young
Swedish girl were married at, the
church, and the wedding party ; pro
ceeded Jauntily homeward, where a re
ception was* held. Barouch appeared
at the house arid the moment he saw
Sargent h(» made a reach for his re
volver and bullets Hew in all directions.
A woman, received a severe -.scalp
wound from a flying bullet and a
small boy was shot in the leg before
Sargent received a wound that, later
caused his death- >
Barouch rani off, Jumped aboard a
passing freight train and. was not ar
rested until th^ 'morning. 1 He will be
charged with the murder of. Sargent."
VANCOUVER, B.C.,. Jan. 15.— John
Sargent was killed yesterday at a wed
ding in. Fernie,, a mining town of Koot
enay. The row started from no appar
ent cause except that Steve Barouch
wanted to try" his new revplver and
made targets out of every person he
could see. ..rV- : : ' 4 M
Uninvited Guest Breaks In' Upon Joy
ous Party, Kills One Man and
: Wounds Two Other .-Persons.
WEDDING IN 3I1XING CAMV:\ryi
IS FOLLOWED BY MURDER
In response to a suggestion made by
T^iicr, Spooner, interrupted to say
that by : the treaty of >l!B6 : Colombia
was bound; to- maintain the perpetual
right of the United < States to passage
across the isthmus, and he argued, that
that-right > remained, even though Co
lombia • does "not stand: behind it.
Teller . admitted that any ' right the
United States had under Colombia she
stllKhas under} Panama, as Panama
¦was- an 'established power. He then
asked j for an 'opinion from -the .Wiscon
sin Senator concerning "the new theory.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 15.— To-day's
session of the Senate began with the
passage of a number of bills on the
calendar and closed in like manner.
The intervening time was given over to
a speech by Teller on the Panama
canal questio'n, Teller contending
that the 'course of the President in con
nection with the recent revolt of Pan
ama had been contrary to precedent
and in contravention, of international
law.
Platt of Connecticut asked wheth
er under ' any * circumstances the
Ignited States had a rig'-t to protect
transit across the isthmus, but
Teller* declared that the question was
academic and said he would not argue
the case on that general ground. He
was willing to discuss the question as
to ,t,he right to interfc^o, as the Presi
dent has done in .the present instance,
and he was ready to contend that that
Intel 'irence was in contravention of
international law.
When Teller referred to Tlllman's
characterization of th^ . situation
on ,~ the , isthmus, .: the ., latter ; inter
rupted to say that he had been misun
derstood arid desired to, «xplaln. He
said he had meant to say that it would
have been preferable for the United
States to tell .Colombia to ; get off , the
isthmus entirely than to '.'purs, there
the methods of a sneak thief • nd main
tain the attitude of a bully." *• '
Government's Altitude Toward
Panama Republic Provokes
'interesting Debate in Senate
TELLER TILTS
WITH SPOONER
ready has a third rail laid as far south
as Wrights station ana has occasion
ally, run broadgauge trains from this
city to that point. With the evident
intention of* abandoning the narrqw
gauge service between this city- and
Oakland, the company has had a gang
of men. employed in the shops here for
a number of days unlimbering the rr\a
jor portion of the rolling-stock, which
is being shipped to Nevada for use on
the Carson and Colorado road, in which
It is interested. Only enough of the
narrow-gauge stock will be retained
at this end of the line to handle traf
fic between here and Santa Cruz, and
it is said that as soon as a third rail
can be laid between Wrights station
and Santa Cruz and several tunnels
widened the balance of the narrow
gauge rolling-stock will either be sent
to the Carson and Colorado road or
disposed of by sale to the new road to
be buHt between Tonopah and Rhodes
Marsh. The Philadelphia company,
which Is about to begin the construc
tion of this new road, Is said to have
been negotiating for some of the en
gines of the narrow-gauge route.
"If," responded Teller,' "there Is
not a republican form of government In
Colorado, there Is a Republican admin
istration there."
When Teller ceased speaking the
Senate passed j a large number of pri
vate pension i bills. The Senate also
passed the" following bills : Creating a
port of delivery at Salt Lake ¦ City,
Utah; establishing an Indian agricul
tural ' school at .Wahpeton, N. D. ; pro
viding a depot ' and' appropriating -.$40,
000 for the revenue cutter service ' in
the harbor' at Oakland, Cal. ; extending
to the v sub-ports i of •; Spbkanei Belling
ham, Blairie, 5 Sumas "and ; Nelson, in the
State 'of-' .Washington, the privileges . of
theTact fof June. 10, ; 1880, governing j the
immediate v - transportation "of dutiable
merchandise without appraising. ¦.
There "were interruption- at this
point, causing ' Tillman to remark
that "It takes a great many: doctors to
brini; about ihe birth of this baby."
"I'll try*\to take care of my own
babl; r :," responded Mr. Spoone-, "and
when I cannot do that I will ask some
member of my own family to do so."
Tl. . colloquy* . caused a general out
burst of laughter. After It subsided
Spooner concluded his statement, say
ing that he was willing to confess
that he "ad not reached a conclusion in
his own mind.
"I am not willing to concede the
right, of international eminent domain,
but I cannot find It in r-<y heart to deny
it."
Teller took issue with the Presi
dent's declaration that the course.pur
sued in Panama had been In the,inter
est ( of "collective, civilization." ' Th'at,
he said; was a dangerous doctrine and
was S ius,t such , a doctrine as • Russia
might appeal to if she "should attempt
to crush Japan. The doctrirfe was not
American. It was contrary to all the
best traditions of this: country. -It was
the doctrine that might .makes right.
He discussed the Government of Pan
ama,', declaring' it to be urirepu^llcan in
form s and was j Interrupted by Spooner,
who said that it had been a "mooted
question as to 'whether there is a re
publican form of government in Colo
rado." > ¦..-'--•
."If," he' said, "there 'is a doctrine of
tLe r-'ivate way of necessity, are we to
say that there is not an international
way of necessity where the interest of
the world is concerned?"
of the international eminent domain,"
and the latter replied that he "had not
yet been able to give his assent to that
doctrine," which, as he understood,
mer.:'.'. that when a weak nation had
what a strong nation needed, the latter
might take it by means of arms if nec
essary. Yet it must be remembered, he
said, that right of way of. one land
owner over land owned by another per
son Is a right- recognized by th*e world.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 15.— It was stated
here to-day by a Southern Pacific of
cial that broadgauge trains will be
operated exclusively between San Jose
and Oakland over the Santa Cruz
branch on May 1. The company al-
Southern Pacific Is Preparing to
WIdeo the Track Connecting
That City With San Jose.
NARROW GAUGE LIXE IXTO „
OAKLAXD TO BE CHAXGED
tion for its charse of conspiracy. H^e
demanded that the Government now
produce its evidence of conspiracy, to
defraud so as to connect Machen with
specific knowledge of the transactions
referred to. After some further argu
ment the defense scored when the court
decided that the evidence was not com
petent at this time.
On cross-examination by Douglass
Heath said ,,that after an article had
been adopted by the department and its
price fixed, and It had become a stand
ard article of supply, the signing of
requisitions would be a matter of rou
tine. He admitted that on "the face of
some of the documents shown him the
reduction in the price of. the fasteners
from $1 50 to $1 25 each was a voluntary
and spontaneous act of Machen's.
MACHEN IS PRAISED:
Heath then detailed the rapid growth
of the rural free delivery service and
said he regarded Machen as a very
competent man.
"He was the very father of the sys
tem, was he not?" Douglass asked.
"At least one of them,-' the witness
replied. ¦¦."'¦. -
On redirect examination Heath said
that Machen did not have the right to
establish the standard of an article or
its price without consultation with the
First Assistant Postmaster General, nor
would any clerk have that right. He
said he did not remember having seen
f.ny other device or any proposition in
volving fasteners brought to his at
tention during his term of office.
Heath was then excused and former
First Assistant Postmaster General
Johnston took the stand. He had, he
said, no recollection of any conversa
tion with Machen regarding the Groff
f2Ptener.
The ¦ witness had not concluded his
testimony when court adjourned for the
day.
Mrs. Ruth B. Thompson Passes Away. !
PASADENA, Jan. 15.— Mrs. Ruth
Brown Thompson, daughter of John'
Brown of Harpers Ferry fame, died
this morning. Mrs. Thompson was
seized with la grippe three weeks ago
and never rallied. She was 75 years
old and had been an invalid for years.'
She leaves a husband, son and three
daughters, all of whom £re here with
the exception of a son, John Thomp
son, who resides in Huniboldt County.
Two brothers and three sisters also
survive her, Jason Brown of Ben Lo
mond, Santa Cruz County; 'Salmon j
Brown of Portland, Or.; Mrs. Ellen !
Fablinger and Miss Sarah Brown of j
Saratoga, Santa Clara Valley, and Mrs.
Anna Brown Adahis* of . Petroleum,.
Humboldt County."
Deaths in Oakland.
OAKLAND, Jan.' 15.— Mrs. Mary
Jane Thompson, mother of Mrs. F. M.
Smith of Arbor Villa, East Oakland,
died fo-day at the age of 82 years.
She had been living in Oakland with
her daughter for thirty years and
death came to-day from old age. She
was born in Brooklyn, N. Y.. on Jan
uary 1, 1822, of English parentage and
was related to several prominent fami
lies of New York. The funeral will
be strictly private and the remains will
be cremated. She leaves but one child,
Mrs. F. M. Smith.
Conrad Thaler, one 4 of the oWest
German residents of this city, died to
day at ftie Fablola Hospital at the age
of 81 years. Mr. Thaler was a resi
dent of this State since 1852 and most
of that time lived In Oakland. He re
sided at the corner of Eighth and
Chester streets for many years. He
leaves six children.
Mrs. Margaret Morrissey, wife of
Richard Morrissey, died at her home
in North Oakland to-day. The. funeral
will take place Saturday from the
Sacred Heart Church. Besides her
husband she leaves two children, John
Morrissey and Mrs. James McCabe.
Death of a 3Iontercy Pioneer.
SALINAS, Jan. 15. — William Berges.
an old bioneer of Monterey County
and at one time the owner of consid
erable land near Gonzales, died this
morning from a hemorrhage. De
ceased, who was 69 years old and'a na
tive of Missouri, had served in the
Confederate army under General
Price. v; ; «--
Mrs. Orion Clemens Dead.
KEOKUK, Iowa, Jan. 15. — Mrs.
Orion Clemens died at her home here
to-day. Her late husband, who was
the brother of Mark Twain, the writ
er, was the acting Governor of Ne
vada Territory* during the Civil War.
ACCIDENT BEFALLS
LORD BERESFORD
LONDON, Jan. 15— Lord Charle3
Beresford is suffering from concussion
of the brain as the result of an acci
dent while hunting. In changing horses
he did not dismount, but vaulted right
over a fresh horse, falling on*hls head.
His condition is serious.
BATTLE IX URUGUAY £
5 NOW IX PROGRESS
MONTEVIDEO, Uruguay, Jan. 15.
It is reported that a serious battle has
taken place between the Government
troops arid "the insurgents, the latter
losing heavily.
In the meantime Samuel Sproat re
turned to this city and immediately
began to consume large quantities of
intoxicating liquor along the cocktail
route. His movements were j watched
by the detectives. Finally.,, he col
lapsed and was taken to the German
Hospital last Saturday afternon to be,
treated for delirium tremens. ' ; . :
He remained in the. hospital 'till
Monday night and upon his release
boarded . the owl train for Los An-
geles. The- detectives followed him to
the Oakland mole and reported the
master to their superior. The Fresno'
representative of the agency was no
tified by wire.' He boarded. th« train,
at that place and ' traced !': Samuil
Sproat to his mother's resident*, 826
Coronado street, Los Angeles.
! WATCHHI). IX LOS AXGELES.
In the meantime another man was
dispatched from this end to take up
the chase in the south. The move
ments of .Samuel Sproat were closely
watched, but on Wednesday night he
managed to give his pursuers the slip,
hire a team and drive away in the still
of night toward the Mexican border.
While the detectives were working
on the 1 cr.se they discovered that Ed
ward Sproat had been hiding a few
were not notified for fear that *the
matter might become public and that
the jaccused man would become sus
picious and throw his pursuer off the
trail. He did disappear as soon as he
reached Los Angeles.
The detective who had Edward un
der arrest became suspicious of the
surroundings at Capistrano, and finally
had him removed to the County. Jail
at Santa Ana and placed under a heavy
guard. Last night Edward Sproat was
taken to Los Angeles and held in the
City Prison until the departure of the
"Owl" for San Francisco. It was feared
that the prisoners might make^a des-
The detectives, took up the trail with
a team "and followed the party all
Wednesday night and a greater part
Of Thursday. They finally came upon
the fugitives In the, little village of
Capistrano, a few miles outside of
Santa Ana. There Edward Sproat was
placed under arrest, but his brother,
Samuel, had; left the party a few hours
before and taken to the hills outside of
Santa Ana.ln order to divert suspicion.
He 1 was ~ located a few hours later,
and the Sheriff' of Santa Clara County
was communicated With an~d;asked : It,
he had a warrant^ for Samuel Sproat's
arrest. The '. wired back that
the warran^haifbe^h issued.'and asked
that Samuel Sproat be . arrested.
Acting on these instructions the de
tectives placed Sproat under arrest and
took him to the County Jail, where" he
was locked up and placed un<j^r guard.
PLACED IX SAXTA ANA JAIL.
miles outside of -Los Angeles for three
days, aid that he had -joined his
brother^ In the team and was making
a desperate effort to escape. - It was
also learned that the mother and sis
ter of the two men were in the party,
and . that they had secured a seven
hours'- start on . their pursuers.
The methods of the Sproat brothers
were unique and original. When they
first started in business here they paid
cash for everything and became known
to the big wholesalers about town as
thoroughly honest business men. When
finally the accused men asked for
credit, shortly before the holidays, their
requests were granted willingly, and
they secured goods all over town and
disposed of the wares* at less than the
wholesale price, which eventually led
the wholesalers to look upon them with
suspicion and finally to demand a set
tlement.
perate effort to escape, but they be
haved in an orderly manner.
The detectives have order.3 to bring
Edward Sproat back to this city.
It is almost certain that the Spfoats
will make an -attempt to secure a writ
of habeas corpus on their arrival at
Los Angeles. The Board^of Trade has
taken precautions against' any such
proceedings and will fight the case.
They have given a legal representative
instructions to have the writ quashed
should the prisoners attempt .to escape
by such a proceeding.
What the Soroat brothers did with
the $60,000 which they are alleged to
have taken away with them is a mys
tery.
Edward Sproat .will be prosecuted by
the Board of Trade to the full extent
of the law. He is being brotl£!>t f Lack
to this: city on one • charge, though if
that cannot be made binding twenty
three other charges will be made
against -hiny iind if necessary twice
that number of complaints will be
sworn to.
THE DAY'S DEAD.
Sproat Brothers ¦Gaptured Near Santa Ana
Continued From Page 1, Column' 1^
LONDON, Jan. 15.— The bye election
in Norwich for a successor to the late
Sir Harry Bullard resulted In the Free
Traders gaining the seat. The vote
follows: Tlllett (Liberal), S576; "Wild
(Unionist), 6756; Roberts (Labor), 2440.
Free Traders Win the Seat.
Japanese Cruiser Sails.
SUEZ, Jan. 15. — The Japanese cruiser
Niasln has sailed for Perim.
• The 'Minister Is not very, hopeful of
/the j result of the latest ' "Japanese note.
He specifically, denies -that Japan's re
ply'suggests % the neutralization of a
portion of ' Manchuria,- as well as a
.certain that any
daclartion ;" of . war, ;¦ will not emanate
from- Russia.", j--: . ' ,. . . .
LONT^bNi'j^J.anr' 15.V-The . Japanese
.MinlsJerV/Barbn -Hayashi, had received
jib inlijQfi^lon : this morning of the prob
able -JffiUidefof Russia^ but he said:
HA^ASHliiS
CITY OF MEXICO, Jan. 15.—Bank
ers engaged here in shipping out silver
have been informed from Japan that for
the present no more silver is required,
which is regarded as an indication that
war is not imminent. . ¦-. .. :
Japan Has Plenty of Silver.
Mrs. de Lucca informed Deputy Cor
oner Michael Brown that the gas,
when lighted to the full capacity of
the burners In the house, had almost
gon* out on several occasions during
the last five months, and that in an
swer to her repeated complaints the
gas company had sent men to her
home to remedy the defect, but they
had failed to do so.
Miss Nellie Cook, 26 yearr old, and
residing with her aunt, Mrs. Addle do
Lucca at 1912 Taylor street, was as
phyx.ated by gas Thursday night. It
was Miss Cook's custom to arise at 5
o'clock every morning to prepare
breakfast for the family, and failing to
'be about yesterday, Mrs. Je Lucca
went to her room and found her lying
dead in be*! and the apartment filled
with gas. The key of the gas burner
was partly ¦ turned open and some of
Miss Cook's wearing appa: : was bang.
tng over the fixture.
The Coroner was notified and the
bodies were removed to the Morgue.
The dead man was 50 years of age and
his wife five years his junior. He was
a member cf the International Union of
Stationary Engineers and moved into
the house %t 75* Folsom street on De
cember 29. •
Livingston was startled to see Lay
ton, attired only in his unJer ga..nent3.
bending over the table and the Inani
mate form of the wife lring on the bed.
Patrolman J. Tillman was summoned
and broke In the door. An examination
showed that both had been dead sev
eral- ours. The room was filled with
escaping gas from a defective wall
bracket to which was attached a tube
running to a two-burner gas stove.
The stopcock of the bracket was fully
turned on and the cocks to the gas
stove burners were closed. It is sup
posed that upon retiring Thursday
night Layton turned off , the gas stove
cocks, which under ordinary circum
stances would have prevented any
leakage of gas, but owing to the condi
tion of the bracket the room soon filled
with gas. The unfortunate man. " no
doubt awoke with scattered senses,
'then became dizzy and clutched the
sides of the table for cupport. f^nd his
body was found in that position. A pe
culiar feature of the affair is* that a
lighted coal oil lamp was found on a
chair near the bed and It is regarded
as miraculous that an explosion did not
occur.
About T o'clock yest.rday morning
Mrs: Arneson. who conducts the lodg
ing-house where the tragedy was en
acted, detected the odor of gas, but she
made no investigation. About 5 o'clock
yesterday afternoon J. P. Livingston
called at the house to secure a room.
He noticed the odor of gas and called
the attention of Mrs. Arneson to that
fact. Upon investigating ! found that
it came from the room occupied by the
unfortunate couple. The door was
locked and Livingston climbed over a
re/.r shed so as to be able to scan the
interior of the room.
Three, more lives wei-e sacrificed to
the deadly gas fumes yesterday. George
Layton, an engineer, and his wife were
discovered dead in their room. 734 Fol
som street, and Miss Nellie Cook's life
less body was found yesterday morning
Ly her aunt, with whom she resided, at
1912 Taylor street.
"'The -readiness, \V4th whichf the
;States;aspbciated hersel£;withV'Jap;an lo
.ipressih'g :f or-the . signattfre\ of thelcom
f£ct. ccfritribidofy t A, the '.fueling lii J St.'
Petersburg jthatlthis/'is not the moment
to. fight. 'The. decision fp'r war- orj^peace
.n'ow^yests 'with tlie'Czar's advisers, and
are-visible herevihat. the de-
'cisionrTvllif;be p'cac&.byUargely admit
ting'j Jaoan's demands. .'' The views- of
-the /British editors,,, partially -r derived
from ¦tKe" Foreign Office' in_Londo"n, are
.looked i' upon j here ' hdt>ptily \ as *sigrilfi-'
cant, but as 'also", being. part of a "great
diplomatic AgaTneVXgaljist .'RuVsia, - arid
in that -sense "are*: somewhat "discounted..
The skill" Japan -has : shown throughout
BERLIN, Jan. 15.— That Russia
has applied to.Turkey for permission
to send her Black Sea fleet through the
Dardanelles is confirmed authorita
tively here and it is also asserted that
Russia renew the applicationand
¦-p/ess 'for' Turkish consent^' Germany's
attitude, as at 'the time the four^ .un
armed Russian/-, torpedo boat /destroy...
>r!5 tp^saea ¦ uirough. the -straits in ? Sep
. temher^ lttOIj;, Is;tha^ sXe^hus. -no,?cOn>
icern ;in • thV matteiv/ >- i 'vi ; " "„¦ '¦] . ~
| 'The^British/Governrriertt "Is be'lleved
"",herelTtp'f have/;; jjiientifiedVltseJf : . ;mdre
.fully, week- by, week with, the -Japanese
position until/now Great Britain" is al^
;^t)»t^s--de^T?Jy* comnTltte-d'as-' -JapTinr
The. I position^ m. which' ' Great; Britain
( n6w' stands*^according ;'-' to the view
i'aUenvof^ / 1^ji >^ltuatibn« i he're, 1 .bro'ught
: <ibb4ij.- b>*j^U6lic : .>Q^ipio'n ' giid .the v te'e>
firm ', attitude '/wm rystip.wn.t lias Ijti- ,
pressed -apdjs irapresising^the " Russian .
statesmen.:/ '"^••.^¦"•' '•¦¦i'j'Jffi&i ¦> ,'i a ? :•'/
Sentiment in Capital Is That This Is
Xot'Time to Fight.
RUSSIA PROCRASTINATES.
The Times' Shanghai correspondent
says that Shen, Director General of
Chinese railroads, has instructed the
Chinese Minister at Washington to no
tify the State Department that China
insists on the maintenance of Ameri
can interests in "the Hankow-Canton
Railway, in accordance with the con
tract.
"The Japanese press approves the
neutrality of China, inasmuch as
China's military incapacity forbids any
other course. Moreover, the neutrality
of the,, Far. Eastern .states anfl colonies
in the ever.t of war will greatly em
barrass Russia, who would thus be
obliged to draw all her supplies from
home."
respondent of the Times says that vol
untary war subscriptions are reaching
the treasury in considerable numbers.
A correspondent says that the Japan
ese steamer service with »*he United
States, Australia, Europe and Bombay
will be Immediately suspended, thus
freeing twenty-five large steamers. Spe
cial arrangements, however,' are being
made for the transportation -via Ta
eoma. Wash., of the Japanese exhibit
to the St. Louis exposition.' Continu
ing, the Times' correspondent says:
WASHINGTON, Jan. 15.— What
might have inter an unfor
tunate misunderstanding between the
governments of the United States ajid
Russia regarding the interests of the
United States in Manchuria was ad
justed at a conference at the State De
partment between Mr. Hay. the Secre
tary of State, and Count Cassini, the
Russian Embassador, to-day. As a re
sult the Russian Government will be
advised by the Embassador that he has
CASSIXI VISITS HAY.
Serious Misunderstanding: About /In
terests in Manchuria Is Averted:
cated bv the Deadly Fnmes
George Layton and Wife and
3Iiss Nellie Cook Are Suffo-
Attorney Douplass objected to the
admission of papers such as had been
offered in evidence, saying the Govern
ment had hot even laid the found*-*
Perry S. Heath, former First Assist
ant Postmarter General, then took the
stand. He testified to his service in
the dppai lent from March, 1897, to
July. 1900, and said he knew of the
Groff fastener, which had been adopt
ed and was in use when he entered the
office. Th<? practice of the office In
the matter of the purchase of supplies.
lit said, was continued after he entered
upon his duties. He was shown an or
der for fasteners with his name attach
ed, and promptly said: "That is my
name and signature, but I see it Is
signed with a rubber stamp."
The stamp, he said, was used only
for formal matters, and it had not been
his practice to rubber Etamp a docu
ment calling for the expenditure of
money. He said that without his at
tention being particularly called to a
requisition from Machen's division he
would pass it in a formal manner. He
declared that he never saw either of
the Groffs until he came into the court
room this morning:, and he did not re
member ever having: attached his sig
nature with the rubber stamp to the
order for fasteners in question.
HEATH IS QTUESTIONED.
USE OI' itl'BBER STAMP.
On recross-examination witness said
that his chief clerk, Howley, would
have the right to use a rubber stamp.
He said he had left one of these stamps
ia Mcchen's division, but not after De
cember. IS02. with his knowledge or
consent.
"Yes," saying that his scrutiny was
sometimes short and rapid and at other
times very extended.
"Improperly signed, of course," he
remarked, but he did not put the signa
ture there himself. Maddox asked
Wynne if he signed orders for 31.000
fasteners, involving an expenditure of
S.30.WX) or 540.000. without knowing the
difference between them and a loco
motive. The witness promptly replied
Wynne said that in December, 1902.
.he had a keen suspicion of Machen, and
ceased to rely upon him, although he
admitted that in January following he
had attended the banquet of the Ohio
Society in New York as Machen's
guest, adding, however, that he went
under ouite a strain of fueling. The
invitation, he thought, had been ex
tended early in December.
The witness was asked by Maddox
for the defense to identify an order of
the department dated February 5. 1903.
addressed to Groff Brothers. Wynne de
clared th*> naner had been signed In his
name with a rubber stamn.
WYNNE SUSPECTS MACHEX,
"I am trying to learn." Wynne sar
castically remarked, "and am doing the
best I can."
On cross-examination by Kumler,
Wynne said he did not know whether
CrctI fasteners were attached to rural
free delivery letter l>oxes or not. There
were man;- thing's connected with the
Po£tofilce.Der>artment, he said, thai he
knew nothing about.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 15.— In the trial
to-day of August W. Macirn, the Groff
brcthcrr and Dr. and Mrs. Lorcnz,
charged with renspiraoy to defraud the
Government, the defense scored an im
portant iioint with respect to the char
acter of evidence to be introduced at
this time by tho Government. The de
fense insisted that the Government had
not brought forth any documentary
••vider.ee showing the existence of a
conspiracy fo as to specifically connect
the defendants: with the various trans
actions v. hich had been -referred to.
The com t sustained the point. At one
point in the trial Douglass, for the de
fense, called on Justice Pritchard to
reprimand First Assistant Postmaster
Genera! Wynne for volunteering the
statement that a former employe of the
Pc?tofRce Department recently had
been sentenced in Baltimore to a term
of two years in the penitentiary. The
suggestion was not complied with, but
the Justice instructed the jury that
their minds must not be prejudiced by
the statement of \t*\-nne:
?
Court Sustains Claim That
Prosecution Fails in Evi
dence lo Show Conspiracy
This was confirmed by the^ treaty of
Parish in 1856»and by- the convention of
1871, which set forth that "the principle
of closing the straits,* cuch as has been
established, is maintained:"..
At Berlin congress on the Eastern
question in .1878 'the Russian ; plenipo
tentiaries; Insisted, in replyvto a state
mept\made. by /Lord Salisbury, that, in
their opinion," 1 ' ''the principle'-- of the
closi-irg-of the straits is "a -European
principle and fhat the existing stipula
trons"were "«blriaihg: ~oh"all the powers,
not-only; as regards the ; Sultan, but as
regards, all /the powers * signatory to
these .transa^cttiDfisi'* " '" ""¦ '- ¦
- : The,treaty,.oft:Berlln,;i'atified August
3, •1878]; ; iprpyiaed ; .-that -the of
Paris. 9^1?56 v and the treaty of London
of 187^.^;ere^nialntained ( -.\yhen not mod
ifi^d^iiy this' treaty/ thus -continuing the
erif oridknent of ¦ the ""rule against war
phlp^ypl "f oreign-"powers passing the
Dardanelles. ' f'^. " ' .: i
the negotiations excites admiration at
.the German Foreign Office.
By the treaty of London, signed in
1841 by the five great powers' of Eu
rope and by Turkey, the Sultan was
pledged to. maintain the ancient rule of
the Ottoman empire which prohibited
the warships of any foreign power
from entering the Dardanelles while
Turkey was. at peace, and at the same
time the treaty bound the powers to
observe this rule. " , . ;
Far Eastern situation might be saved
by diplomacy. .. ; '1
the best assurances that the interest
of this country in Manchuria is abso
lutely and exclusively* commercial, and
that the Censuls sent to Mukden and
Antung will confine their activities -to
the faithful care of American trade in
terests in that province. ' /.
Count Cassini called at the State De
partment to-day to inquire into certain,
statements^ 'which several European
diplomats here had brought to his at
tention '¦.• and interpreted to .indicate a
changfe of policy on the part of * this
Government-ln the -direction of politi
cal intervention in Manchuria. . The
Embassa'dor himself was unwilling to
belicve^that any suqh change was even
contemplated in view of 'his under^
standing throughout the ncgetiations; ;
here that the; United States' , interests
in Manchuria were those of trade, not
territory. *' " v • -^ - '; : ' . " V\ " '. " ' ' ¦"
This conviction was confirmed*, by his
vlsit_iQ..th£. Sjat^p.ejiartment._The con
ference between the Secretary and .the
Embassador J was-.- chara'eterized ¦ Xry
frank cordiality <>n both sides. Tfie*Em
bassador. was 'assured . that" this ~ Go v-.
ernnieiit does not contemplate' jthe 'suhjv
stitufibn of ,3 politicarfd^ a commercial
policy in- the Far' Eaist j ./Tliisf! position;
of the , U.nited, States,' itv-'was/' ! stated'
later, enabled the .Russian 'Government*
to exscute . with- minute fldeljty. the as-^
surances' "given Secretary^ Hdy'S that :irV
any eA-entuallty^wjiich unres^ri 1 Maiif*
churia pr war >jit Jl'Japaif may 'precipi^
tate fthf 'fntejests "of ,thja :• countfyVwill
receive.' tKe ¦ fullest/. protection* atf thg;
hands of -ih'e Russian authorities.^ Not'
even a. change of •a^mmlstrative ,^on^
trol, it/ is "said! : Ehduld/the^ progressNof,
events "necessitate ;su<:h-a«$tep, would ;
interfere V?ith the treaty provisions this
Government has with ; ChSria regarding
our trade Hi : Manchtfria." ; .'.; ' : ;; C J
Diplomats^ore attach slgnificancV'to
the statement which'the President ", is
said to have'majie" to the Russian Era
bassador at the diplomatic idJnn^r last
night that he earnestly" hoped thaj the
The Minister added that he had re
ceived a dispatch from Tokio denying
the statement ' that Japan was trying
to induce Korea to recognize a Japa
nese protectorate.
Baron Hayashi to-night, commenting
on the dispatch from St. Petersburg
quoting the peaceful statement made
by the Czar to members of the diplo
matic corps yesterday- at thp New
Year's reception, said:
*'I have read with pleasure the state
ment attributed to the Czar. If these
are his Majesty's views there will be
no war. The question rest* with him.
Japan has nothing further to say."
"Our conditions," said the Minister,
"are practically summed up in the con
cluding portion of the State Depart
ment's announcement regarding the
Chinese-American treaty. For these
principles, to which Secretary Hay says
the United States is irrevocably com
mitted, we are willing to go to war un
less Russia will consent to give us a
definite pledge that she, too, adheres
to the open dtaor and Chinese sovereign
ty in Manchuria."
portion of Korea, or that mention was
made of the right to break off negotia
tions.
Continued From Page 1, Column 4.
MATCHES WINS
STRONG POINT
THREE VICTIMS
OF DEADLY GAS
JAPAN ORDERS WARSHIPS WHILE RUSSIA'S DIPLOMATS
PONDER ON A VEXING NOTE PROM THE ISLAND EMPIRE
THE SAN FRANCISCQ CALL;; SATURDAY. JANUARY 16. 1904.
Fatal Quarrel Between Cattlemen.
- -TUCSON, Ariz.; Jan.' 15.-— A tele
phone message received' from" Nogales
this niorning says that. word has just ;
been brought to Nogales of a shooting
affray between Jerry Shea* arid ' Dick
Harrison, well known Calif ornians of
Lochiel, Ariz., ; on the : San
ranch.- Shea shot Harrison through
the stomach, inflicting a fatal wound.
A.- Guaranteed Cure for' Piles.
Itching, Blind. Bleeding or Protruding Pile*.
Tour druggist will refund . money ¦ tt : Pazo
Ointmant fails to cur* tou In 0 tO 14 days. 600*
2
¦ • "^ . - - ' ' '
A Bad Stomach
Lessens the usefulness and mars the hap-
piness of life. ¦
¦; It's a weak stomach, a stomach that can
not properly perform Its functions.
Among Its' symptoms are distress aftei
eating, nausea between meals, heartburn,
belching, vomiting, flatulence and nervcu:
headache. - . -• •
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Cures a bad stomach/ indigestion and dys-
pepsia, and the care is permanent.
Accept no substitute.
ADVIIE.TISE3IEUT3.
CANNOT DISPLAY,
White r
Flags
14th to 20th.
YOU MUST SUGGEST GIV-
ING INDICATION SOME
OTHER WAY. * ; : j
Famous the 'World
Over-*Fu!ljE.Matured#
1 *Sotd Evtrstehert.,
.. . UIUUKltT ilEISCAMUUr. COt.
, Pacific Coast Azeatt. '
CCK0SXEX1 Ijp USI51ST SISCEU33X
A CUItE JLX . 48 HOURS.
Weak Men apd Woinen
SHOULD USE DAM'.ANW BITTERS. THM
Grr*t Mexican Remedy; clve» health tni
•ucagtb to vexaal orrua. . D«pot. 323 Mar««u
¦ AD VEBTKEMENTS.
tj There is no piano made that creates more en- ra
hi thusiasm wherever it is heard than the Ludwig. £3
EH It possesses a most brilliant tone,\ coupled with ra •
N a wonderful delicate action. There is a subtle m ¦
la f something in,, its .tone.. that thrills, and there is in 'M
M it a. resource of^power that* is the admiration of all - fci
' H ' musicians. ffl
I The;LUpWIG I:
W Is an instrument of the first rank. Our liberal M
r4 terms on the Ludwig have reduced the question of pJ
pi cost to a minimum matter— a mere unimportant tjjj
tS detail/ Inquire for them. Kl
I • QiG \fiWBXi(feR^ 111
931-933 Market St., San Francisco jHj»v
Oakland. Sacramento, Eureka,, San Jose, /jilSf
Fresno and San Diego. '¦; \ ppSpSs?From Alaska, including the largest; nug
gets in existence in the world to-day are
now on exhibition at 1009 Market st. *
$200,000 Gold Nnggets
CHARLESTON, S. C:, Jan. 15.—
."General" Lee, a,- negro, has been
lynched in Worchester County, this
Sta£». He was charged with attempt
ed criminal asault on a white woman
near Readville. . .
South Carolinians Lynch a Negro.
LONDON, Jan. 15.— Joseph Chamber
lain presided at the first meeting of the
tariff commission, which assembled
here this afternoon with a large attend
ance of members.
In opening the proceedings Mr. Cham
berlain drew a parallel from what the
United States and Germany had ac
complished under previous tariffs, and
denied' that any tariff could be framed
here which, as its opponents alleged,
would make the rich richer •¦• and the
poor poorer. The United States under
protection had reached prosper! ty un
equaled in the world. In no other coun
try was wealth so equally distributed,
while there was no 'country - in the
world where such a large proportion of
the population ' was * on the verge of
hunger and distress as In Great Brit
ain. * \
Mr. Chamberlain said Hhe object- of
the commission was not to formulate
tariff laws, but to investigate and : in
quire with oneni mind. All that had
thus far been decided was that the pol
icy' adopted; so many years ..ago re-
Former Colonial Secretary Tells
of .Tariff Kesults by Compari
son With the United States
CHAMBERLAIN
WANTS REFORM
Aggregate Cost of the Idaho and Mis
sissippi Lower Than- That of
' , Other Bidders.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 15.— Bids for
the 13,000-ton battleships Idaho and
Mississippi were opened at the Navy
Department to-day. The bidders were:
Cramp & Sons, Philadelphia, one
vessel, to b» completed in thirty-nine
months, $3,200,000; or two vessels,
one within thirty-eight months and
the other forty months, at $2,999,500
each.
The Newport Shipbuilding Company,
one vessel in thirty-seven months, at
$3,147,000.
The Maryland Steel Company, Bal
timore, one vessel within forty- two
months, $3,472,000.
The Fore River Shipbuilding Com
pany, Qulncy, Mass., one vessel, forty
two months, $3,488,000.
The New York Shipbuilding Com
pany, Camden. N. J., one vessel, forty
two months, $3, 500,00\). ,
It has been practically decided to
award the contracts for both the Mis-
Eisissippi and Idaho. to the Cramps.
CRAMPS WILL BUILD
TWO NEW BATTLESHIPS
Soeder intended to kill Blaise with the
deadly poison, but feared detection and
finally decided to stab his victim to
death. •
This theory is borne out by the evi
dence that, on Friday last, Soeder took
the trunk from the, Flatley house to the
Five-Mile House, telling Mike Risso,
the landlord, to destroy it if he did not
call for it in three or four days.
The police think that It may have
been Soeder's intention to use the
poison when he placed it in his trunk
and took the trunk to the Five-Mile
House.
At that time he. had evidently in
mind to make use of the deadly acid,
and for that reason had it where he
could lay his hands upon it, at the
same time guarding himself by not
having It in his room where It could
be seen.
In case he finally made up his mind
not to use the poison, he evidently re
lied on the destruction of his trunk, as
he had instructed the owner of the
Five-Mile House.
That Soeder should have hesitated
to use deadly poison in killing Blaise
for the purpose of securing the insur-
DECIDED TO USE A KNIFE.
The killing of the dog of the Flatleys
on the same night is thought to have
been an experiment as to the power of
the acid. The police now think that
He placed the poison for safe keep
ing in his trunk and left it at the
Flatley home. When his victim was
brought to this city and insurance had
been secured on his life, Soeder cun
ningly secured possession of the poison
by burglarizing the Flatley basement
and broke open the lock of his trunk
to color the suspicion that thieves had
done the work.
TESTED POWER OF ACID.
The valise was found by Detective
Gibson In Soeder's room at 827 Jackson
street and it was positively identified
by Miss Flatley as the one she had
seen In Soader's trunk. ,
In the face of the develooments sur
rounding the possession by Soeder of
hydrocyanic acid, the theory is that
he planned to kill Blaise by use of
the deadly solution before he went to
Germany to induce his victim to come
to America.
Flatley home, broke open his own trunk
and removed the valise containing the
bottles is beyond any question.
POLICE JUDGE CABAXISS SIGNING WARRANT FOR ARREST OF LEON SOEDER ON CHARGE OF WILL
FUL MURDER OF JOSEPH BLAISE. FACSIMILE OF THE DOCUMENT, AND PORTRAIT OF THE AC
CUSED MAN TAKEN YESTERDAY IN THE CITY PRISON.
Ten days ago the basement of the
Flatley home was entered at night, and
the next day it was discovered that
the lock on Boeder's trunk had. been
broken open and the valise containing
the bottles had been stolen. A favorite
dog belonging to the Flatley family
was poisoned the same night the bur
glary occurred. The matter was . re
ported to the police by Miss Flatley's
brother the following day.
Last Friday Soeder* removed his
trunk front the Flatley home and took
it to the Five-Mile House. When It
was recovered by the police, two days
after Blaise was murdered, the trunk
contained two bottles of hydrocyanic
acid; the most deadly of poisons. It
is assumed that Soeder replaced the
bottles in the trunk. '
That Soeder himself burglarized the
DEADLY SOLUTION* STOLEN*.
The detectives on the case are strain
ing every nerve to find some one who
saw Soeder and Blaise together after
tliey left the Mexican restaurant at 721
Broadway last Sunday evening.
With that link of evidence se.-ured,
the chain of testimony against Soeckr
will be complete.
That Soeder contemplated the use of
deadly poison in making away with
Blaise Is one of the theories' of th-»
police borne out by evidence they have
secured.
In addition to the finding of two bot
tles of hydrocyanic add in Soe
der's trunk at the Five-Mile House,
as published exclusively In The Call
yesterday, evidence Is now forthcoming
showing that Soeder had the deadly
poison In his possession at his room
two days before Blaise was slaught
ered..
When Soeder went to Germany a few
months a*o he left his trunk at the
home of Miss Katherine Flatley, 200
Marshall street. Miss Flatley is the
young woman who informed Chief of
Police Wittman that Soeder desired to
marry her. and recently told her that
he was about to receive the sum of
$7000 from Germany, which statement
was also exclusively published In The
Call last Thursday.
Miss Flatley has given the police fur
theV Information. She states that when
8oeder left the trunk at her house she
saw it opened by htm and that it con
tained a small valise, in which were
some bottles. ¦¦
roisox" ix his trunk
The attorneys for Soeder briefly ad
dressed the court and explained that
they had asked for the writ 0/ habeas
corpus on Thursday because they had
been denied access to Soeder and that
there was no charge against him at the
time.
Judge Dunne then ordered the writ
of habeas corpus to be dismissed and
remanded Soeder into the custody of
the police. Soeder watched the pro
ceedings with interest, and he asked
one of his attorneys in German as' to
#vhat evidence had been secured
against him by the police.
Soeder was taken from the court
room by Detective Gibson and again
placed in the "tanks" at the Clty
Prison.
The man accused of a foul murder
had but two visitors yesterday. One
was his principal attorney and the oth
er was the city undertaker, who de
sired to know whether Soeder would
pay for the burial of the body of Blaise.
Soeder showed no signs of emotion when
the undertaker told him that the body
of Blaise would be buried at the ex
pense of the city unless Soeder could
arrange otherwise.
Soeder informed the undertaker that
he had no money to pay for the burial
of Blaise, and the interview ended. The
bedy of Blaise was turned over yes
terday to the city undertaker and Jt
will be buried among the indigent dejd
at Sunset Cemetery, in San Mateo
County.
With the mass of evidence that has
accumulated against Soeder in the last
few days, the police declare that they
will have but litlle difficulty in convict
ing him of one of the blackest crimes
ever committed in San Francisco.
WRIT ORDER DISMISSED.
Soeder gave his age as 3S years and
said he was a cook by occupation and
a native of France. After being booked
on the register Soeder was put into a
cell and kept there until he was taken
before Superior Judge Dunne on the
writ of habeas corpus secured by his
attorneys on Thursday. The proceedings
before Judge Dunne lasted but a few
minutes. Assisting Prosecuting Attor
ney Whiting appeared for Chief of Po
lice Wittman and filed a complaint and
warrant showing that Soeder was le
gally in custody on a charge of willful
murder.
Leon Soeder was formally charged
yesterday with the crime of having
willfully murdered his brother-in-law,
Joseph. Blaise, on last Sunday evening
at the foot of Russian Hill. The com
plaint charging Soeder with the murder
of Blaise was sworn to by Detective
Tom Gibson and presented to Police
Judge Cabaniss. After reading the
sworn complaint Judge Cabaniss issued
a warrant for the arrest of Soeder and
ordered that he be kept in custody
without ball.
After securing the warrant Detective
Gibson proceeded to the prison in the
Hall of Justice and read the warrant to
Soeder. who has been detained in cus
tody since last Monday by the police.
Soeder was visibly nervous when Gib
son read the warrant to him, but he
pulled himself together when taken be
fore the police desk in the prison to
be booked on the register.
Against Accused.
¦ dence Is Discovered
More Incriminating Evi-
J. W. Springer, the retiring president.
who has been an officer of the associa
tion for seven years, was presented with
a handsome 6ilver loving-cup in appre
ciation of his faithful services to the
association.
The delegates -were entertained to
night at a smoker given in the armory.
El Paso, Tex.; St. Joseph, Mo.: San
Jose, Ca!.; Detroit, Mich., and Denver,
Colo., extended invitations to the con
vention to meet in their respective
cities next year. Delegates from Den
ver and San Jose were on the floor and
urged their cause. A second ballot was
unanimous in favor of Denver.
The last day's session was crowded
with business. The election of officers
resulted in placing H. J. Hagenbarth
of Utah at the head of the association
as its chief executive; H. Jastro, Ba
kersfleld. Cal., first vice president:
Francis Stewart. Buffalo, S. D., second
vice president; Charles McMillan. Den
ver, Colo., secretary: George L. Gould
ing:. Denver, treasurer.
The public lands question was studied
thoroughly. The conditions in every
State v.ere reported by those who know
th«»ir.. Policies believed to offer relief
to the stockmen were proposed and
discussed. The other side of the mat
ter and the Government's policy rela
tive to forest reserves were explained
by" President Roosevelt's appointed
representatives. Messrs. Pinchott and
Newell. In brief, the^ Government and
the stockmen got together to calmly
look into the situation and see what
can be done to relieve the objection
able conditions that confront the indus
try. The stockmen had the satisfaction
before the close of their convention of
hearing the promise from the Govern
ment's representatives that measures
would be proposed looking toward the
recognition of their asserted rights.
Resolutions were adopted expressing
the sentiment of the convention upon
several questions of national moment
now pending before Congress, and the
utockmen have reason to believe that
their wishes will have some weight.
Th° railroads were handled severely
for their action relative to supplying
cars, transr>ortir.g cattle and charging
what to th«> stockmen appear to be un
warranted tariffs.
The proposition of the stockmen to
hand together in a corporation for the
purpose of building and operating
packing plants of their own. that the
packing combinations may be fought
and the interests of the producer and
the consumer protected, were explained
thoroughly by those who have studied
the situation. The neceesity of rais
ing J5.000.000 for the purpose of put
ing this plan into operation was kept
before the convention, and the work
of securing subscriptions toward this
end will be taken up in each State im
mediately. The plan having received
the unanimous indorsement of the con
vention, those directing it are de
termined to carry it through to suc
cess, and no effort will be left undone
to accomplish this end. The expression
of th'»se who spoke in behalf of this
scheme wa? that it offered the only
solution of the situation that now
fares the industry and the sole means
of restoring prices to the producer.
From the opening session of the Na
tional Wool Growers' Convention to
the closing of the livestock men's or
ganization unity and harmony have
characterized every action. With this
feeling prevailing the work of the con
vention was easily accomplished.
Many important questions have been
considered, not from the stockmen's
standpoint alone, but from other points
of view. Of these questions most im
portant were the public lands relative
to grazing, the relation of railroads to
tb«? stock industry, and, most im
portant of all, the establishment of
independent packing-houses. This has
been the watchword of almost every
eesrJon.
PORTLAND, Or.. Jan. 15.— With the
leelins that one of the most important
meetings in the history of the organiza
tion was ended and that much was ac
complished that will be for the future
success of the livestock business, the
seventh annual convention of the Na
tional Livestock Association adjourned
this afternoon to meet in Denver, Colo.,
next year. The unanimous opinion of
those in attendance upon this conven
tion is that a more successful and more
pleasant convention has never been
held. They feel that the Government
recognition of this meeting is an as
surance that the livestock association
has won for itself a place in the pub
lic eye to which few associations of
similar character can lay claim.
Writ of Habeas Corpus Is
Dismissed in Court of
Judge Dunne.
J. W. Springer, the Retiring
President, Is Presented. With
Handsome Silver Loving Cup
LEON SOEDER stands charged by the police with the willful murder of Joseph Blaise, his brother-in-law, who was stabbed to death last Sunday night at the base
of Russian Hill. -
Detective Tom Gibson swore to the complaint and the warrant was issued yesterday by, Judge Cabaniss. The writ of habeas corpus issued at the request
of Soeder's attorneys was dismissed by Superior Judge Dunne.
Evidence was forthcoming yesterday that Soeder evidently planned to use deadly poison to commit crime,' but feared to do so. .
Analysis by City Chemist Bothe strengthens statement of Autopsy Surgeon Bacigalupi that Blaise was murdered very shortly after he had partaken of
dinner with Soeder last Sunday night. : ; -
GROSS NEGLIGENCE SHOWN
Authorities Order Six More
Churches Closed for Failnro
to Obey the City Ordinance
Chemical Analysis Proves
Blaise Died Early in
the. Evening.
City Chemist Fails to .Find
Trace of Poison in
the Stomach.
CHICAGO. Jan. 13.— The Coroner's
inquest to-day was given over to wit
nesses from the fire department, Chief
Musham and several of his highest
ranking assistants testifying.
Chief Musham declared that in his
opinion it was the duty of the building
commissioner to report to him that the
fire protection in the theater was in
adequate. No report had been made to
him and he had taken no action in the
matter. It had not been the custom of
the fire department to inspect theaters
for protection unless a report had been
made from the office of the building
commissioner. In this connection It
may be recalled that Building Commis
sioner Williams testified that it was not
the business of his office to report on
fire protection, but that it was a mat
ter entirely belonging to the fire depart
ment.
First Assistant Fire Marshal Cham
pion testified that two weeks before the
opening of the Iroquois Theater he
stepped into the^ building to examine
conditions. He explained to Fireman
Sailers of the Iroquois Theater that he
should. have a lot of pumps and hose
especially on the stage, particularly
cautioning him that a hose with the
city pressure would not answer and he
should get powerful pumps. He also
suggested a sprinkler system and Sai
lers replied that the company was go
ing to put in all the appliances neces
sary.
John Hannan. chief of the first bat
talion of the Chicago fire department,
testified that he went on the stage of
the theater during a performance a few
days previous to the fire. He came
away with the idea that the fire pro
tection was inadequate, but made no
report on the matter because he had
never considered that part of his busi
ness unless reports were called for.
Archibald Bernard, the electrician In
charge of the switchboard at the the
ater, reiterated the opinion he had pre
viously given on the stand, that the
fire was caused by scenery blowing
against unprotected carbons In the spot
lights.
Orders were issued by Commissioner
Williams to-day to close six more
churches for failure to comply with the
building ordinance.
STEAMER NOORDLAND
ARRIVES IN SAFETY
but Was nt No Time in
Danger.
Vessel Was Badly Disabled at Sea,
PHILADELPHIA, Jan. 15.— The over
due Red Star liner Xoordland was
sighted shortly after 9 o'clock this
morning and at 10 o'clock passed into
the Delaware breakwater. The Noord
land arrived at her dock at 9 o'clock to
night. A large crowd of persons, most
of whom were relatives and friends of
those on board, were there to greet the
disabled steamed. From statements
made by passengers and officers of the
Noordland there were some very anx
ious moments while the stanch vessel
lay helpless in the turbulent sea, al-'
though at no time was she in real dan
ger of foundering.
Fifteen Years for Horse Stealing*
SAN JOSE, Jan. 13.— Fifteen years In
San Quentin was the sentence meted
out to Gerardo Melendez, alias Gerardo
Bald, for stealing a horse and buggy
from Mrs. Matilda A. Parker of Santa
Clara. Melendez has served four terms
in the State prison. Melendez put up
a desperate fight when being arrested
for the crime and only surrendered
after he had been shot twice in the legs
by Constable Sandberg of Watsonville.
Upturns Stolen Money.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 15. — The Sec
retary of the Treasury has received an
envelope postmarked San Francisco, a
conscience contribution of $100.
Medical science has fixed to a nicety
the hour that Joseph Blaise was foully
murdered on the dark side of Russian
Hill. The Call published exclusively
yesterday the findings of Autopsy Sur
geon Bacigalupi, that the unfortunate
German came to his death within an
hour after he had eaten his last supper.
This fact was firmly established by
an examination of the undigested food
that was removed from Blaise's stom
ach during the autopsy. Realizing that
that he had discovered one of the most
important pieces of evidence that has
•yet come to the notice of the police.
Dr. Bacigalupi immediately notified
Chief Wittman. The contents of the
stomach were not sent to be analyzed
until Thursday afternoon, when Dr. A.
C. Bothe, the new City Chemist, was
sworn into office.
Yesterday Bothe spent a great part
of the day in segregating the various
foods that were found in the dead
man's stomach. Several pieces of let
tuce, a number of Spanish beans and
a large quantity of meat and fat were
placed in separate bottles. This morn
ing Dr. Bothe will make some slide
specimens of the different foods and
examine them under the microscope.
When the chemist has completed this
phase of the investigation he will be
able to tell to within less than half an
hour just how long the food eaten by
Blaise was subject to the digesting
process of the various juices of the
stomach.
NO POISONS ARE FOUND.
The rest of the contents of the stom
ach were placed in solution and tested
for the presence of poisons. Dr. Lelanu,
the Coroner, knowing of the solution
of cyanide of potassium that Soeder
had In his possession, instructed Dr.
Bothe to make a special test for that
deadly drug. He made what is known
as the 'characteristic blue test, but
failed- to find any trace of the hydro
cyanic acid. The chemist also made
test for chloral hydrate, which is the
base of the common "knockout drop"
so commonly employed to render a
man unconscious. Solutions of am
monium silver nitrate added to the so
lution from the stomach, however, did
not show the presence of any of the
poisonous drug.
The absence of either of these deadly
poisons in the contents as proven by a
chemical test only snows again the
utter Improbability of any drug having
been administered to the murdered
man before he was killed. To-day Dr.
Bothe will make tests for all of the
most toxic poisons known.
The beans removed from the stomach
of Joseph Blaise show very little evi
dence of having been subjected to the
action of the digestive fluids. Some of
them had the appearance of never hav
ing been acted on at all. Now, when it
is considered that the ordinary bean is
digested In from three to four hours at
the utmost, the presence o£ undigested
beans in the stomach of Blaise proves
the statement of Dr. Baclgalupi that
the unfortunate man came to his end
within an hour or less than an hour
after he had eaten. t
FOOD IS UNDIGESTED.
Dr. Bothe was loth to make a state- ,
ment as to the probable time of the
man's death, as shown by the condition
of. the stomach's contents, but said 1 that
when the beans which were found were
in such an undigested condition it was
only logical to believe that they had
been in .the stomach but a short time.
He said: &£ fj£
•'Most of my examination will be
centered on* the meat, which'ta the food
most digested in the stomach, although
I shall make a thorough examination
of every substance I have been able t,o
segregate. The more evidence I obtain,
the more conclusive will bothe report
which I submit to the Coroner. The
beans— classed as carbo-hydrates— «are
digested In the small intestines and
generally do not remain in the stomach
very long under normal conditions. The
fact that they were found' In the stom
ach after the man's death shows that
they were not tnere long. I would not
like to make a close statement until
after I have finished my analysis."
The lettuce found in the stomach was
hardly affected at all, and another sub
stance resembling another vegetable
matter similar to that of celery was
also found, along with' considerable fat.
The contents -of Blaise's stomach
were of an unusually dark color. This
color is attributed by Dr. Bothe to a
regurgitatlon of chyle from the
small Intestines" into the stomach,
which sometimes occurs in case a per
son's body is twisted or doubled up.
The chemist will have his report ready
this morning:, and it will in all prob
ability be a complete verification of the
statements in regard to the hour of the
man's death already published.
BHiL TO PENSION
CIVIL WAR VETERANS
Measure Provides That Persons .Who
Served Ninety Days ShaU Re
\ ceivc $12 a Month.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 15.— Senator
Dolliver to-day introduced a bill pro
viding for the pensioning. of all per
sons who had ninety days or more
military or naval .service In the Civil
War and for widows of; such soldiers
or sailors who were married prior to
June, 27, 1865. The pensions are to
be $12 a. month, to take effect at the
date of application after the passage
of the j bill. The bill is that, indorsed
by the National Encampment of the
Grand Army at San Francisco.
Chicago Firemen and Building
. Commissioner Deny Evasion
of Duty at Iroquois Theater
NEW OFFICERS ELECTED
LIVESTOCK MEN
ARE JUBILANT
Close the 3Iost Successful and
Pleasant Convention Ever
Held by National Association
ALL DODGING
RESPONSIBILITY
LEON SOEDER IS CHARGED WITH WILLFUL MURDER
OF JOSEPH BLAISE AND IS HELD ON A WARRANT
CHICAGO, Jan. 15.— The strike of the
livery, drivers was ended to-day and the
union men were ordered back to work.
A committee of owners and drivers had
a . conference,' at; which an agreement
was brought : about which recognizes
the J. "closed shop," one of the chief
points of,the disagreement. , The matter
of , a h increased ¦ wage scale , will . be ar
bitrated as soon as possible by, a com
mittee of the unions and employers.
"Closed Shop" Is Recognized and
• Question of - Wages Will Be
-Arbitrated.
STRIKE OF. DRIVERS 4
IN CHICAGO ENDS
WASHINGTON, Jan. 15.—Postmas
ters commissioned — California — Kath
erine F. Woodruffe, Merced Falls;
Homer F. Remsburgh, Winchester.
Oregon — Nels C. Nelson, Gurdane.
• Fourth-class postmasters appointed
—California— J. H. Shuford. Dedrick,
Trinity County, vice Susan Gribble, re
moved; Mrs. Flora Harloe, Huasna,
San. Luis Oblspo County, vice Edward
Trusell, deceased.
Army orders— First Lieutenants W.
A. Shockley and Charles F. Craig, as
sistant surgeons, as members of. the
examining board, San Francisco, vice
Major, William Stephenson and First
Lieutenant Edward P. Rookhill, re
lieved. "
New Army Orders Issued and Post
masters Are Commissioned in Cali
fornia and Oregon.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OP THE PACIFIC COAST
The inquest on tJ\e body of Blaise has
not yet been set by Coroner 1 Leland,
who is awaiting the collection of evi
dence by the police.
Soeder will be arraigned In the court
of Judge Cabaniss this morning, but
the hearing will not be proceeded with
until the police are ready to present
all their evidence.
ance on the latter's life is easily under
stood, claim the police.
Soeder's wife died last February at
Petaluma under most suspicious cir
cumstances, and he collected $2000 on
her life insurance. He also admits
that he had a former wife, whose
maiden name was Elizabeth Nefs, but
claims she went to Germany and died
there. Soeder was married to Elizabeth
Nefs in San Francisco on September
18, 1888.
The police are now engaged in try
ing to locate Elizabeth Nefs, or to
trace her movements and find out
whether she is alive or dead. They are
also working with the Petaluma of
ficials, and it is probable that the body
of Soeder's second wife will be ex
humed and. examined. IX Soeder's
wife died 'of strychnine poisoning, ex
perts claim that It will be possible to
detect the poison in the' remains.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL',: SATURDAY, TANUARY 16, 1904.
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
1 .
Do you know the most
luxurious bath in the world?
Have you used Pears 1
Soap?
Sdd all over the world.
Schilling's Best tea, five
kinds, as £ood as they ought
to be for the money; coffee,
four kinds, the same ; the bak-
ing-powder, flavoring extracts,
and spices, best.
And the prices of all arc fhir
just fair. \
At your jrvyc-r'f ; asr rjbicV.
DB. PIEECE'S REMEDIES.
tpowvJ FOR W0MEN
WHO CANNOT BE CURED.
Backed np by over a third of a century
of remarkable and uniform cures, a
record such as no other reme^r for the
diseases and weaknesses pe.^.liar to
-women ever attained, .the proprietors of
Dr. Piercels Favorite Prescription now
feel fully warranted in offering to pay
£500 in 1 legal money of the United
States, for any case of Lencorrhea, Fe-
male Weakness, Prolapsus, or FalKng
of Womb which they .cannot core. All
they ask is a fair and reasonable trial of
their means, of cure.
The Vke-PnsMeat Independent Order
of OootM'eapiars.
' An experience -which many women bare w*»
rutted Ijy M»s» Agn«m StcbbUgs, of »3i East
«oth Stnit. N«w York City, as follows: "t
had very poor health ftr a year until life
looked dare and dreary to me. Had head-
aches, backache, also . paia. my sleep was
?>rofcen and fitful. I longed for health. Tried
several, medicine* but none were of any last-
123 benefit until I took Doctor Pierce • Fr^
vorite Prescription. I soon realized that I
had found the right remedy. It helped nature
to throw off the poisons that saturated the
tvstetn. removed all pains and strengthened
the digestive organs, and brought the roses of
health back to ray cheeks. This medicine if
taken occasionally keeps the system in perfect
condition, helping it to throw off the' disease
and consequence* of exposure to dampness. X
am pleased! to^ire it my endorsement.". ; ;
R Favorite Prescription" makes weak
vrotnen strong, sick women well. Ac-
cept . no substitute for the medicine
which works wonders for weak women.
Dr. Pierce's Common Sense Medical
Adviser is scnt/tre on receipt of. 21 one-
cent stamps for the paper -covered'book,
or 31 stamps for the cloth-bound. Ad?
dress Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buffalo. N. Y.Holmes Shows Moscow.
Robert i ; J. ;' Burdette i gave a humorous
talk at the Y. M. C. A. Auditorium last
i Jght. ; - His subject : was "Go ad " Medi
cirt e :»-:-----:- : :^v '. ;
Gives < Humorous' Lecture.
The Northern Division of the U. S.
Army was formally established, \ with
headquarters at St. Louis.yesterday.'and
Major General John C. Bates assumed
command. This gratifies the. ambitions
of many Mis3ouriarts. Your ambitions
can be gratified it you buy>o# of the
new pap ranges ro your meals can be
well cooked of the S. F. Gas and Electric
Cjo., 415 Post st. •
President, - P. . W. Buckley; vice 'president,
Victor Dunkelbergerf recording ', secretary. .C.
W. Meyer; treasurer, A. F. Mlnden." business
agent,. W. R. Hagerty; conductor. ,J. .Hooper;
sentinel. Charles Hughes: auditing committee —
J. McKinnon. John Huck - and L. Gelsbcrger;
delegates to Iron Trades Council — W. R. - Hag
erty, J. A'. Kelly and Victor Dunkelberger; del
egates to Labor Council— J. A. Kelly, W. R.
Hagerty. J. Hooper, R. I. Wlsier, J. Mendla,
P. J. Crowley andW.'P. Delancy: trustees —
James McGlnnls, Clarence ; Handock and ' A.~
Headman. R. I. Wlsier for the lodge presented
the retiring president. II. M. . Burnett.r. with - «
diamond locket, and Mr. , Burnett replied: in a
feeling manner. •
Treasurer, Kd Anderson; secretary.- A. Furu
reth; aesi»tant secretary, E. Ellison; first pa
trolman. E. A.-Erlchson: second patrolman, H.
Lund uc.tr: third patrolman, C. Simonsen;
janitor, O. Hansen; Tacoma agent, H. L. Pet
tersan; Seattle, agent, P. B. GUI: 8eatt!e pa
trolman, 3. Henricksen; Port Town»end agent,
William Thorbeck: Aberdeen agent, William
Gohl;. Portland a cent, C. Hammarln; : Eureka
agent. C. Coldln; San Pablo agent,' H. Ohleen;
Honolulu agent, F. Larsen. '.,'¦ .
Machinist Lodge No. 68 installed the
following officers:
President. " J. J. ' Furey: vice : president. W.
Nealson, business agent of the Association of
Pattern Makers; secretary. Victor Dunkelber
gcr of Machinist*' Lodge No. 6S: treasurer, T.
Rcardon of the Steam and Hot Water Fitter*:
seteeant-at-arms, T. Russell of the Casting
ChlpperV Cnlon; executive' committee— K. - P.
Desmond of Boilermakers' Helpers, J. J. No
lan of the Iron Moulders, J. A. Kelly of Ma
chinists'. Lodge * No. C8. E. L. • Perret of , the
t-'hip Drillers, W. Nealson of the Patternmak
ers, P. J. Hay«*s of the Steam Titters, ¦ R. Don
alllson of tho Boilermaker*.
The Sailors' Union elected the fol
lowingr .V^"--*.* "'-
The Illinois-Pacific Glass Works at
Fifteenth and Folsom streets has been
tied up on account of a strike. Yes
terday afternoon the furnace men
struck because their employers re
fused to j allow the usual flf teen min
utes* "breathing spell" at the. furnaces.
A conference will be held to-day.
: The, trouble between the'actors of
the Novelty Theater and the Actors'
Union was taken up by ... the 1 Labor
Council last night, when, it was de
cided not to remove the, boycott.
The Iron Trades Council elected the
following officers yesterday: ¦ '
Furnace Tenders Quit Their Work Be
cause Eihployers Refuse to ' Grant
Them a "Breathing Spell."
IJ,IX\OIS-PACIFIC GLASS ' :
WORKS TIED UP BY STRIKE
Theodore Trivett and J. Kelly, cer
tified as eligible by the Civil Service
Commission, were appointed members
of the department accordingly.
Thomas O' Mara was appointed hos
tler anfl E. Pritchard garbage man.
Both are subject to civil service ex
amination. The Chief Engineer re
ported the death of Hoseman James
Riley, Engine Company 27, one of the
oldest members of the department. -
the Mayor. He said, however, that
many violations of the theater ordi
nances had been discovered, but no
very flagrant cases. Chief Wlttman
stated that in several theaters slight
deviations from the ordinances I had
been discovered, but when the attention
of the management was called to the
matter they signified" their intention of
rectifying them at once.
The Precita Valley Improvement
Club. petitioned for hydrants in the vi
cinity of Ryan and Army streets. The
petitioners will be notified that the
funds of the department for hydrant
purposes are now too short. How
ever,, the board will ask for sufficient
money for this and other; hydrant ex
tension and all improvement clubs will
be asked to appear before the Board
of Supervisors when the next budget
is made and urge claims for hydrants,
which cost the city 540 each for set
ting:.
EXECUTIVE HEAD OF THE
. FIRE DEPARTMENT OF
SAN FRANCISCO.
Yesterday the Police Commission
ers, accompanied by Chief Wittnian,
visited several of the theaters and
carefully -noted any violations t of f the
ordinances. Commissioner
when seen last night was averse to
making public . the result 1 of the , inves
tigation ; before a report was" made' to
h. All members of theater details roust pro
vide themselves with fire alarm box key*
ana they shall famillanze themselves - with
the location of. the nearest , street fire alarm
box. as well as with the location of all aux
iliary fire alarm boxes in theaters.-. Should It
be nectasary while on detail to send out an
alarm- of flre' from the -theater* the auxiliary
fire alurm boxe* therein shall be used,, and,
if possible at the time, detail rhall hurry a
theater employe out to pull the street box,
giving him the key fur that purpose.
8. ¦-. After Derformances are entirely finished
and over with members of theater details be
fore leaving stage must lower the • fire proof
curtain fully to the stage fioor and they shall
then make a general inrpectlon or the build-
Ing or premises before departing.
10. These orders and instructions . must be
posted In accessible and conspicuous certs ! of
all theaters «o that they may be read by day
or nlglrt. By crder D. T. SULLIVAN/
Chief of Department.
0. Before oarformance commences all hone
for fire purposes above or below the stage
when not interfering with proper giving of act
or exhibition should be stretched out and laid
ready for us*. At end of performance hose,
will be out back In its proper place. .
7. Should anything out of the ordinary
happen on stage during performances, such as
fire, exDlofeiou. etc.. ranie having a tendency
to alarm and *tanir>»d? audiences, the fire
proof curtain forthwith must be fully lowered
to staee Hror and immediate effort* made by
detail to abater and subdue cause of trouble,
and this being successfully done, detail must
then report matter by telephone to offlcrr In
charge of theater and detail, . who, after an
investigation, wilt report the result in writing
la ttie chie.f «nglne«r of department. In all
esses of emergency, arising during perform
ances at theater*, etc., details will be guided
by and must obey Implicitly all order*, direc
tions and instruction which may have been
given them by officers of the department pre
viously »nd .designed to cover all possible
oases, and in wOng fire extinguishing tools
and acDliancrs In theaters details' mu*t only
uae th«- approved apparatus -vith which thea
ters are usually equipped, euch as hose, Bab
cook fre extinguishers, i li Jl|<frrTMf||Ml|MMJ
1. All members or employes a;*irned to
such theater details must report at theaters.
etc.. at least one-h«lf hour before the giving
cf performances therrln and shall, immedi
ately u»-on seen arrival, telephone the fact to
their refcpective companies. Upon leaving such
theater, after all duties thereat hac* been
performed, siirh fact men also be reported
by telephone to companies. Should any dif
ficulty arise, at theaters preventing the use
cf telephone*, by details therein, members of
the details 5hall then go to the next nearest
telephone and, by using the "lire call,"
thus transmit all ordertt and reports through
the fire, alarm office. Under no consideration
ttill any member of a detail leave hi? post
in a building from the tlrae he report* thereat
until final' inspection Is made, except in lino
of his duty. ' - . • •
2. Theater details must, before the com
mencement of performances in theater*. . etc..
assigned to tbrin, test the working of the fire
proof curtain therein by raising and lowering
the same. ShouM any defect in the working
ot such curtain develop at time of lest, three,
in charte of tho theater, etc.. must immedi
ately be notified of this important fact. . The
officer k in charge of detail must also be no
tified thereof at once. If, during performance,
the fireproof curtain should refuse to work,
from any cauEe whatever, the other curta'.n.
commonly known as the drop curtain, must
be lowered forthwith by the detail. Under no
circurc stances will members of details allow
the fireproof curtain to-be obstructed, in its
raising or lowering, by the use ; of wires,
ropes, planks, platforms, etc.. placed for the
purpose of giving any act or acts. This order
must and will b« strictly enforced.
3. While on duty, during the time perform
ances are going on, when the curtain is up,
member* of theater detail? muet take the po
rtions on state designated previously by the
officer in charre. and remain «n such posi
tions until the act or scene it over and curtain
again lowered. Between acts, and while the
curtain remain* lowered, members of details
will alternate with each other in visiting all
rooms and other apartment* on or about the
stage and utilised during pej-formances.
4. While performances ere going on mrmbem
of theater details will see that employes of
•heaters do not unnecessarily otand In the
wings of the stage, as' this will have a ten
dency to hamper the work of auch details.
Ti. fmoktne and the ute of coal oil lamps,
open lights, candles, etc.. on stage or there
about, exceot when used a<* properties during
performances, must be strictly prohibited.
Members or employes of the Fire. Depart
ment assigned to theaters or other places of
amusement, during performances therein, -are
hereby designated "theater details" and will
be xuid^d by the follon'tag instructions and
order*, all of which must be strictly obeyed,
and which also will take the place of and re
voke ail other orders previously given to de
tails:
At a meeting of the Board of Fire
Commissioners yesterday afternoon
rules and regulations for firemen de
tailed to theaters were adopted. It is
the intention of Chief Sullivan to have
several copies of the rules posted in
the various places of amusement about
the city and to submit them to all
members of the department. that they
may be familiar with, them in the
event of emergency. It was also or
dered that firemen be ordered to re
port for duty at ten theaters which at
the present time are not covered. These
show houses are: Lyceum Theater,
Seventh and Market streets; Novelty
Theater, Ellis and Powell streets;
Cineograph Theater, 74 7 Market
street; Midway Theater, 771 Market
street; Apollo Hall Theater, rflO Pa
cific street; Chinese Theater, 816
Washington street; Chinese Theater,
C23 Jackson street: Broadway Theater,
Broadway and Stockton street; Ma
rionette Theater. 404 f Broadway;
Unique Theater, 1132 Market street.
The following are the rules:
Ju«t as the joint committee of the Su
pervisors on Health and Finance that
has been Investigating' the actions of
the Health Board was on the point of
adjourning last night, Attorney Ruef
succeeded in securing* a further delay.
The prosecution, as the committee has
been termed, has finished its case, and
the defense will have an inning- Mon
day night.
The proceedings last night were, as
usual, enlivened by tiffs between Ruef
and Brandenstein, but few new facts
were elicited. Dr. Stlnson and Herbert
Schmitz, who were expected to give in
teresting testimony, failed to appear.
Dr. Curtis was the first witness
called. He testified as to having taken
the civil service examination on March
14, 1903, for sanitary Inspector. One
of the examiners was Dr. Ward, presi
dent of ? the present Board of Health,
who, at the time, seemed perfectly
satisfied with the form of examination.
The doctor then related in detail the
duties of a sanitary Inspector. Cross
examined by Mr. Ruef, the witness ad
mitted that he spent an hour and a
half each day In his office and also de
voted considerable time to visiting pri
vate patients.
.- DISCRIMINATION" AliLEGED.
Dr. d'Ancona called attention at
this point to the nature of the exam
ination held for sanitary inspectors.
This examination allowed two
"weights" for experience in medicine,
and Mr. Ruef took an objection to the
allowance of these "weights," stating
that civil service was violated, by such
allowance, inasmuch as experience in
medicine was required before the ex
amination could be taken. ' .". \~\*~<
Dr. Harvey was called and asked by
the chairman what advantage it was to
the city to abolish the civil service
sanitary inspectors and replace them
with non-civil service inspecting phy
sicians. In reply he stated he thought
it better, as it would leave the position
open only to men who could be drawn
upon at any time for professional
knowledge.
"Did you use your own mind in
abolishing the officers in the Health
Department?" was asked.
"In part," was the answer.
"Why did you create the office of
Deputy Health Officer?"
"I think we have a right to."
"What is the plan for the administra
tion of the City and County Hospital?"
"Similar to that in the city. One
man will be the head and certain of-,
flees will be consolidated. To do this it
seemed necessary to do away with civil
service employes."
THIS SAME OLD STORY.
Dr. Harvey stated like the former
witnesses that he first saw the resolu
tions regarding the aboiition of certain
offices in the Mayor's office on the
morning of January 9. All the mem
bers of the board and Mr. Ruef were
present. Dr. Harvey admitted having
presented certain resolutions, but did
not know whether he had originated
them or not. After diligent questioning
he finally remembered that Dr. Ward
had helped him prepare the resolutions.
Mr. Brandenstein then began a line of
questioning regarding the qualifications
of various appointees, beginning with
Dr. Ragan. When asked if it was the
same Ragan that had been on the Wal
ler-Burns-Ragan School Board objec
tion was made by Mr. Ruef and the
line of questioning proceeded. The wit
ness knew the majority of the new ap
pointees, but seemed to know very lit
tle regarding the deposed men. Under
the prompting of Mr. riuef the witness
refused to state in what manner the
discharged men he kne* • were Incompe
tent. The witness had never received
any instructions from the Mayor nor
Mr. Ruef as to his duties or the ap
pointees.
Speaking of the non-civil service po
sitions, the doctor frankly admitted
that he would prefer to appoint the
men himself sooner than accept those
selected by others.
Mr. Brandenstein moved that the
matter be taken under advisement and
the meeting adjourned to the -all of
the chair. Mr. Ruef objected to this
proceeding, stating lhat he wished to
put witnesses on the stand. He refused
to state who his witnesses "were or to
what they rtflght testify, • but finally
carried his point and an adjournment
was taken until Monday evening at S
o clocU. when, it Is expected, the hear,
inj V.-11I be concluded.
.The review of the troops at the Pre
sidio yesterday was carried on under
adverse^ circumstances. The. day was
cold, and a dense fog settled over the
golf links. The grass on the parade
ground was wet,, which did away with
any" movements faster than walking.
The different commands were on the
spot promptly at 10 a.. m. in full-dres3
uniform. As they- came up the hill
they presented a fine appearance when
passing, a given point, but could not
be seen far. The following commands
took part Jn.t+ie exercises: •
Tenths Infantry^ Colonel Charles H.
Noble; JWnth Cavalry. Major John
Bigelow Jr., and Field Artillery Corps,
Colonei Charles
At the conclusion ,of the review by
Colonel Morris,- in company with
Colonel Noble he went through the for
mal inspection of the different com
panies.
The general maneuvers were cut out,
as it would have been impossible to
have conducted them satisfactorilyl
The cavalry, however, was put around
tile links under a slow trot, but was
not allowed to break into a gallop on
account* of the slippery condition of
the field. The review was concluded by
11 o'clock.
On next Wednesday at 10 a. m. an
other review and inspection will take
place before Genial MacArthur. in
which all the troops stationed about
the bay. including the Twenty-eighth
Infantry,, just home from the Philip
pines, will take part:
The grand review before the, new
Secretary of War will probably take
place on Saturday afternoon, January
23, If the Korea, which is due that day,
comes 'in on time.
The first orders 1 from headquarter* of
the new Division of the. Pacific were
issued -yesterday, and Major General
Arthur MacArthur became commander
of the division. His staff is as follows:
Chief of staff, Colonel Alexander Mac
kenzie, general staff; assistant to the
chief of staff, Lieutenant Colonel Fred
A: Smith, general staff; adjutant gen
eral. Colonel Geojge Andrews, adjutant
general's department; engineer officer.
Lieutenant - Colonel Thomas H. Hand
bury, engineer corps; inspector general.
Lieutenant Colonel Sedgwick Pratt, ar
tillery corps, artillery inspector and
acting inspector general; assistants to
the inspector . general. Major Lea Fe
blger of the inspector general's depart
ment and Major John P. Wisser of the
artillery corps,- artillery inspector and
acting inspector general.
General MacArthur will still tempos
arily remain in command of the De
partment of California and the follow
ing will constitute the staff: Adjutant
general, Major John R. Williams, adju
tant general's department; judge advo
cate, Major Henry M. Morrow, judge
advocate general's department ; chief
quartermaster, Colonel William S. Pat
ton, assistant quartermaster general;
chief commissary. Captain George »W.
Ruthers, subsistence department; chief
surgeon, Lieutenant Colonel George H.
Torney, deputy surgeon general; chief
paymaster. Colonel Frank M. Coxe. pay
department; ordnance officer, Major Ira
McNutt, ordnance department, and sig
nal officer, Major George O. Squier. sig
nal" corps. Headquarters of both de
partments will be in the Phelan build-
Ing. '
Chaplain Percy Silver of the Thirtieth
Infantry was taken to the general hos
pltaryesterday, and later In the day
Lieutenant Laurance O.* Mathews,
Twenty-eighth Infantry, was taken to
the same place, suffering from severe
attacks of ,: appendicitis, which will
probably require an operation.
The troops of the Tenth Infantry
were paid off yesterday afternoon at
the post by Paymaster Captain A.: W.
Chase, and the sound of the jingling of
coins was heard, all over the camp. ;
Major William Stephenson returned
yesterday morning from a week's trip
to the Naclmiento rancho. , where he
had g'one. to look into - the advisability
of laying out grounds for general ma
neuver practice. = . - , .
Lieutenant Sherman A. White/Tvven
ty-thlrd Infantry,, from Malebang on
leave, reported at headquarters and will
leave to-morrow for Salt 'Lake.
Clan Fraser*8 Banquet.
' Cjah Fraser. of the* Order o". Scottish
Clans gave its annual banquet in a
Powell^slreet . restaurant last night.
Ther^ .were about 100 present, including
J. A; McCarl of Oakland, royal deputyt
Chief A. Rhodes of Clan Macdonald and
George Miller of the Scottish
Club as special guests. The supper
was followed by munlc, songs and
speeches. , . ,;,
Paul H. Chittenden, an employe of
the Branch United States Mint, on
Fifth street, ia the defendant in a suit
for divorce brought yesterday by Jes
sie B. F. Chittenden. The decree ia
sought on the grounds of intemper
ance and cruelty. Mrs. Chittenden al
leging that for many months past her
life has been made miserable through
her husband's habit of indulging too
freely in llauors. She says that on
more than one occasion she has been
abused by him and that more often
than she can state he has shamed and
humiliated her by rolling through the
streets near their home in a beastly
state of intoxication.
Pending the suit Chlttenden. who Js
an assistant weigher in the Mint, has
been restrained from disposing of any
t/f hia property, which, according to his
wife's complaint, exceeds in value the
sum of $10,000.
Bertha Sweet Orbell secured an an
nulment of her marriage to Phillip Or
bell yesterday in Judge Kerrigan's
court. She married him within a year
after she secured a divorce from Lewis
Collins. She declared that she did not
know until quite recently that such a
marriage was illegal.
Louisa T. Capurro. who claims the
title of "champion woman tin can la
beler of the coast." because the has
made as high as $27 a week pasting
labels on cans containing vegetables
and other things, secured a divorce
from Orelio Capurro in Judge Graham's
court on the ground of cruelty.
CAPUIIRO'S CHARGE FAILS.
The suit was brought by Capurro.
but he failed to prove his charge that
his wife scent too much time In the
company of a man named Baker, and
she was given the decree on her cross
complaint charging him with abusing
her.
Judge Seawell granted May Bell
Thompson a divorce from Frank J.
Thompson on the giound of cruelty.
Her husband accused her of being In
temperate, but failed ' to prove his case.
Mrs.: Thompson was represented by'At
torney Stephen V. Ccstello.
Interlocutory decrees of divorce were
granted yesterday to .Alexander Me-
Innes from Alice Mclnnes for deser
tion, Jennie S. Walker. from Peter. W.
B. Walker for neglect and Hermina
F. Habermacher from George Haber
macher for desertion.'
The attorneys for Joseph Feld. for
merly a Do-lice officer, who Is under
arrest on a charge or murderinsr his
father-in-law, appeared before Judge
Sloss and asked him to set aside the
order granting Alice Feld alimony
pending the trial of her divorce suit
and also for a dissolution of the order
restraining Feld from withdrawing the
bank money on deposit in. his name.
They claim that their client needs the
money to defray the cost of his de
fense, while Mrs. Feld claims that »he
it to defray her living expenses.
Judge SIcss took the matter under ad
visement.
Samuel A. Kidston, first officer of the
transport Sherman, and defendant in #
a suit for maintenance brought by his
wife, Mary Kidston, was ordered by
Judge SJoss to pay Mrs. Kidston $30
a month for her support pending the
suit and also to advance her $10 costs
and $50 counsel fees.
FRITZ PLEADS POVERTY.
Dr. John 'A. Fritz, who is suing Jen
nie Fritz for divorce, pleaded poverty
in Judare Seawell's- court as a reason
for not paying Mrs. Fritz ' alimony
pending the suit. The court excused
him from the alimony, but ordered him
to defray his wife's legal bills. Fritz
is spending most of h^s time in the
courts of late. A short time aeo he
was the defendant in a suit for divorce
brought by Mary Fritz, his first wife,
who got a decree from him on the
ground of extreme cruelty. A few days
after the divorce" was granted Fritz
ventured again on the sea of matri
mony, marrying a woman who, if the
allegations in the complaint for a di
vorce he Jilt " a short. time after the
marriage be true, proved more than his
match. He claims that she hypnotized
him and did with him Just about as
she pleased. A few days ago Frits
was arrested on a charge of sending
obscene 'matter through the mails, but
this charge was dismissed in the Fed
eral court3 because the letters alleged
to have been written by the matrimo
nially Inclined medico were only vul
gar. .'- . -.• . .. .¦'¦,'......
a' suit for divorce for intemper.iHP
was filed by Elizabeth Adams 'against
John G. Adams, and B. F. Blasher
asks for a decree separating him from
Jessie C. Blasher for desertion.
Firemen Arc Grateful.
The Widows' and Orphans' Aid As
sociation of the San Francisco Fire De
partment has Issued a circular "extend-
In.- itT thanks to the bile, the dally,
p:css,of this city and '.j a.11 others who
by their/ assistance contributed to the
success of the, recent benefit perform
ances at the Grand Opera-house In aid
of the funds -of the association.
Rat Chews Baby's Knuckle. , *
William Shauenew. five months old. was
treated at the Harbor Hospital yesterday f*r
rat' bites of the middle finger . of^'the _rt«ht
hand. The tiny patient was taien to' the" hos
pital by hl9 mother, who lives at 114 Tehama
street She nays that the child ivas restless
durlni the night, hut it- was not until day
light that the slcht of blood on the bed clothe*
caused her to investigate. Rats are numerous
and bold at 1M Tehama street, but this is
the first .time. Mrs. Shausnesay says, that the
vermin hav e attacked a memoer of" the family.
The knuckle of the huby'-s finder was exten
sively chewed, but Surgeon Miller hope* the
precautions he took will prevent blood poison
ing or permanent disfigurement of the tiny
hand. TlfMHMHriMBCttaMBMMi
"What Is Goodness?" Ills Theme.
Rev. Rabbi J. Nieto addressed his
conr regation • last night, . choosing for
his subject "What Is C oodn"-ss?" The
lives of 'Washington,* Lincoln and - Me-'
Klnley were held up _as examples%fof
the American to emulate. , •
Ignatian Council Entertains.
I gnatian' Council No. 35; Young v Men's
Institute, gave its annual reception and
party "in; Native - Sons'; Hall 'last
It was a most enjoyable affair.
•Injured In » Runaway.
A team of horses; driven by John
McCarthy, a teams:er employed by
the ... Plum Furnituri Company, ran
away yesterday afternoon and Mc-
Carthy was thrown to the ground. Ha
sustained a fracture of the left an
kle.
PERSONAL.
Dr. T. Craig of Capay Is at the Grand.
; Dr. J. D. Jones of Louisville, Ky., Is
at the Grand.
F. E. Shaw, a mining man of Butte,
is at the- Palace.
. ;R. F. Johnson, a banker of Monte
rey, is at the Palace. -
• F. A. Hlhn,,a capitalist of Santa
Cruz, Is at the Palace.
J. W. Forgeus,. an attorney of Santa
Cruz, is at the California.
Rev. Robert ' J. Burdette of Pasa
dena Is staying at the Palace. , ' .
D. S. Fish, a prominent business
man of Hanford, is at the Grand.
Prison Director Don "Ray and wife
of Gait are registered at the Lick.
Former Railroad Commissioner Ev B.
Edson of Gazelle is at the Occidental.
A'. W. Simpson, ; a lumberman of
Stockton, is registered at the Occi
dental '
A. R. Hammond, the lumber mag
nate, "returned yesterday from a busi
ness trip to Portland. . ' >
Frank L. Coombs, formerly member
of Congress, . Second California Dis
trict, was'in the city yesterday.
"j E. B. Edson, of 'Gazelle, Siskiyou
County, arrived in • the city yesterday.
Mr. Edson "is" one" 6f the'leading cat
tlemen of 'Northern California.
W. E. Kelley, his son. G. R. Kelley, and
Allen H. Daugharty, members of a big
lumber concern of Chicago, registered
at the. Palace yesterday. They are here
to open a branch office with a view 'of
handling California lumber in the fu-
Dense Fog- and Slippery Turf
Interfere AVith Maneuvers
and Inspection of Troops
Mrs. CIiittenden,Says That Her
Husband Drinks to Excess
and Then He Abases Her
"In visiting a night school recently I
sjw a boy who was fast asleep, with
his head buried in his arms on the desk.
The teacher informed me that the boy
was a match peddler and was com
pletely exhausted with his day's work,
and she mercifully allowed him to
sleep. That boy should be in school in
the day and asleen-at night.
"I propose to enlist the aid. of the
Police Department in this matter, and
will hale the parents of these children
before Judge Murasky under the provi
sions of the compulsory education law.
The fact that the- bors must bring
home a stated amount each day is put
ting a premium on crime, as it is self
evident that they will procure the
amount in some way rather than be
flogged. It Is the fathers of the boys
against whom we will proceed, and in
teresting developments may be looked
for. As soon as the truant officer* have
rounded up most of th» offenders I will
urge the court to provide the remedy
under the law."
Roncovieri is determined to enforce
the compulsory education law in the
< ase of these children, of whom there
are a large number in this city. He in
structed Officers Merchant and Floyd
to continue their efforts in securing the
names of all children who peddle dur
ing the day. After they have all been
rounded up it is Roncovieri's intention
to summon their parents to Judge Mu
rasky's court, where a Judicial investi
gation will be instituted in order to
compel the sending of the children to
pome day school in compliance with the
compulsory law. Roncovieri thinks that
some of the boys who said they were 14
years of age are not as old as they say,
and in that event they would be barred
from attending night school, as the age
limit is fourteen years.
"From the investigations conducted
by the truant officers," said Roncovieri
in discussing the matter, "I am of the
opinion that right here in San Fran
cisco we have a system that has all the
earmarks of the padrone system in
Italy, which is in effect a modified form
of slavery. I propose to wage a relent
less crusade against the system if It
does exist, and to that end will use my
V>est endeavors to compel the parents
of these Sicilian children to comply
with the compulsory -education law by
sending them to school.
NOT REAL PARENTS.
• "I firmly believe that in many cases
the alleged parents of the children se
cured them from their real parents,
who are prot>al»!y peasants in Italy, on
representations that the boys would be
ccrr.e great men in America. To in
stance the disgraceful conditions un
der which these boys exist, I recall an
incident when I discovered two of them
who had been asleep under my doorstep
one mcrnlngr at 1 o'clock. I questioned
them, and they told me they had not
sold the amount exacted by their father
and they had derided not to go home
until their father was asleep. The boys
overslept themselves in so doing, but
said they would escape a severe beat
ing with the aid of their mother,* who
would admit them to the house and
then send them off to peddle again 'in
the morning before the father awak
ened. The fathers of some of these boys
are idle and spend the latters* earnings
In gambling. It is a terrible state of af
fairs and demands the instant atten
tion of the municipal authorities. - •¦' -
Acting under directions of President
lloncovleri, Truant Officers Floyd and
Merchant have been rounding up a
number of Sicilian children of school
age, most of whom peddle matches and
lemons during the day. Upon being
brought to the office of the Board of.
Education and closely questioned the
boys invariably admitted that they
nere s^irf out in the morning to peddle
thfir wares and were given orders by
their r>ar«-nt* not to return home until
they had sold at least $1 worth of
matches under penalty of receiving a
seven- heating.
Director Iloncovieri is of the opinion
that the boys have been coached in
their' replies, for they generally an
swered that they are 14 years of age
and attend night school, though in
most instances they were unable to
K'.ve the name of the night school.
Seme explained in a roundabout way
that they went to the Washington
evening school, near which they live,
but it developed that they had not re
newed their attendance since the begin
ning of the new term.
WILL KNFOIICE LAW.
School Director Roncovieri, president
of the Board of Education, in institut
ing plans to out the compulsory educa
tion law into effect has uncovered what
he has reason to believe to be a full
fledged padrone system, which it is hi3
earnest intentiun to break up if pos
sible.
Ruef was corroborated by Commis
sioner Rogers that the * old jj Health
Board" had created new positions such
as -cigar inspector without first con
sulting* the Civil Service^ Commission.
Ruef, in reply to Slack, said that it In
tended to ask the Civil Service Com
mission for certification for its new offi
cers, but Slack said there was no.rec
ord of It in the board's minutes. Rog
ers said that if it was found that the
rule had been evaded in the rearrange
ment of positions his commission would
insist/on civil service employes being
restored. '
Bahrs then stated that the protest
against the right of the Health Board
to make a reclassification ...without* first
applying to the Civil Service Commis
sion would be provisionally overruled
in order to hear evidence on other
branches of the investigation. '; Slack
objected, hut, Bahrs stated that the
ruling, was not to : be regarded sCa final
and might be changed before the end
of the inauiry.
Judge Slack then ; took ; up the ques
tion of the. removal of E. J. Coffey, sta
tistician, claiming that Coffey, accord
ing to" the rules, should have been- re*
tained instead of P. R. Hennessy, who
8toodlower on the list of .experienced
clerks, although they-; were 'both "'ap
pointed on the same day. Arguments
on the point were mado by Ruef and
Sladk,*and. the : inquiry was then, ad
journed until next Monday at 2 p. m. . ..
"There have been no classifications
made of the positions of statistician
and assistant secretary,*' said Ruef,
"and no examinations were held for
them, though ; the positions were filled
from other eligible lists by the old
board. The Civil Service Commission
classifies offices that exist or are cre
ated, and then examinations are held
for the same. The deputy health offi
cer has a right to hold his position
until a civil service examination is held
for it. The" Health Board wants civil
service, but not trie kind that means
the perpetual draining of the city treas T
ury with no. adequate, service for the,
same. All these barnacles' of the
Health Department who were ordered
removed are ready to do everything
to remain .fastened on the ship of city
government." .
Lane said that under' Ruef's."conten
tion the Health Board was free to cre
ate positions without number whenever
they wished, and , thus make/a farce
of civil service. ' Bahrs suggested a
middle . course that the departments
knowing their own necessities could ap
point new employes and after investi
gation the Civil Service Commission
could then- arrange- for their ¦ formal
classification. f :
COMMISSION* NOT CONSULTED.
Lane argued that the Health Board
had exceeded its authority in reclas-
Bifying certain created positions after
abolishing old ones, claiming that the
charter places such power in the
hands of r the Civil' Service Commis
sion alone. Ruef argued to the con
trary "and Judge Slack contended that
the Health Board had no right to
make an independent classification to
that already made by the Civil Ser
vice Commission.. Lane said that civ
il service employes are not dismissible
at the caprice of department heads.
Ruef quoted the charter showing
that the Health Board, has power to
create new positions, but must subse
quently report its action to the Civil
Service Commission, which will there
upon make a new classification of po
sitions to which new/ duties had been
added.
: The Health Board was represented
by Dr. Janies ¦ W. Ward, . president;
Health Officer Ragan and Abe Ruef,
the- board's attorney. Charles . W.
Slack and .Franklin K. Lane were'
present as attorneys, for the employes
who were removed and the Civil Ser
vice Employes' Association.
Rogers stated that the Health Board
had complied with the civil service
rules in -restoring several food inspec
tors who were removed though they
stood higher up on the eligible list
than others who were retained. Ruef
stated that the board had restored the
food inspectors notwithstanding that
they were considered to be less ef
ficient than the others who had to
give way to them. Ruef said that the
decree of the Civil Service Commission
that two milk inspectors be appointed
from the food inspectors' list was not
in accord with the Health Board's
views, but it desired to evince its in
tention to Comply with the civil ser
vice law by obeying the decree.
• EXCEEDED AUTHORITY.
The grounds of protest are that the
removals were in violation of rules
20 and 24 of the commission, and that
the action of the Health Board is con
trary to section \ 1 2, article 1 3 of the
charter of the city and county, sub
versant of the principles of civil ser
vice, illegal and' void." ' . - -•.-"'
The Civil Service Commission met
yesterday; to consideY the protests of
-various civil service employes who
were removed from .their positions by
the new Health* Board. The three
members of the commission — Presi
dent. Bahrs,. Rogers and Williams—
were\present and conducted the in«
quiry. The employes who protested
against removal were : 4'ir
James A.' Emery, secretary; J. W.
Cameron', assistant secretary ; • F. |J. V
Stanton. clerk; Edward M. Coffey;
statistician; Roland Hartley,-J. Green,
H. Curtis, H. Kuykendall , and F. C.
Muller, sanitary inspectors; A. Camp
bell, market inspector, and D. Wolf,
clerk." •- &¦%* . .
BAD WEATHER
SPOILS REVIEW
Will Invoke Aid of Court to
Enforce Compulsory Law and
Break Up Obnoxious System
Ousted Men Seek to Prove Regu
lations in Abolishing and
-Creating Places Were Ignored
CLAIMS LIQUOR
BROKE UP HOME
HOXCOVIERI IS WROTH
C03IPLIAXCE WITH RULES
Board of Education Confronted
With an Alarming: Condition
Among Italian Boy Peddlers
Civil Service Commissioners
Begin Inquiry Into Removal
of Health Board Employes
Joint Committee "of the Board of Supervisors Hears Testimony Ke
garding the Removal of Employes and the: Creation of New
Positions in Alleged Defiance of the Civil Service Rules
PADRONE PLAN
IS UNCOVERED
GIVES HEALTH BOARD FURTHER TIME
TO EXPLAIN ITS SUMMARY ACTION
H EAR PROTEST
OF EX-CLERKS
NEW RULES FOR FIREMEN
DETAILED TO THEATERS
Board of Commissioners Adopt Regulations
Prepared by Chief ; Sullivan 1 Regarding
th'e Requirements at- Ail Playhouses
ACTIONS OF THE HEALTH BOARD PROBED BY TWO DEPARTMENTS
THE SAN .FRANCISCO CALL, (SATURDAY.; JANUARY 1G, 19U4.
¦ Burton Holmes entertained an enor
mous audience at- Lyric Hall last night
with ; his lecture, ' "Moscow 'and Count
Tolstoi."
4
Louisiana Purchase "Exposition
to be held at St. Louis will ' be
Issued as supplements to The
Sunday Call beginning with the
issue of Sunday, January 31st.
Agents and newsdealers will do
well to order early, as there will
be a great demand for these
beautiful views.*
ST. LOUIS
WORLD'S FAIR VIEWS
IX BEAUTIFUL COLORS
The Official Views of theMANILA,. Jan. 15.— News ha* Just been re
ceived here that the United States Runboat
Qulros. which recently, went ; ashore on the
coast or Borneo, has been floated with little
damage to the vessel.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, Jan. 15.— The
body, of former Governor Bushnell,
who died last night, was removed|to
day to Springfield, where it will lie in
state in the Christ Episcopal Church.
Arrangements for the funeral have not
yet been completed. . ; V-.7v
Body Will Lie in State.
Special Dispatch to The Call
SEATTLE. Wash., Jan. 15. — Ex-
Mayor J. T. Ronald and ex- Judge G.
Meade Emory, both prominent attor
neys, fought in the corridors of the
King County Courthouse this morning.
Had not friends interfered the battle
might have had a serious termination.
As it was, each attorney got several
stiff punches in the head. Both men
wear eyeglasses, and at the first blow
struck by each their glasses were scat
tered on the tiled floor.
The trouble grew out of an argument
before Judge Bell this morning. Ronald
Is the attorney for William Jensen of
the Bismarck Cafe, and Emory repre
sents the Seattle Brewing and Malting
Company, which is engaged in litiga
tion with the Bismarck.
Recently Judge Bell enjoined the
Bismarck Cafe from selling any other
domestic beer but Rainier, the product
of the Seattle Brewing and Malting
Company. Ronald sought to have the
order modified to-day, so that Jensen
might dispose of the other beer that he
had on hand. In the argument Ronald
accused Emory of bad faith, alleging
that in a private conversation Emoi^
agfeed to allow ; a modified ' order, but
that jwhen it came into court he op
posed it. Emory- denied that he had
agreed to any such thing.' Judge Bell
said that his original order Would
stand.
Two Practitioners of Seattle
Engage in a Lively Battle
and Deal Out Stiff Punches
LAWYERS FIGHT
OUTSIDE COURT
TACOMA. Wash., Jan. 15. — Watson,
the steward of the Clallam, who is In
Tacoma attending the funeral of one
of the victims of the disaster, says he
wishes the people who are criticizing
Captain Roberts could have under
stood the situation from the stand
point of an eye witness. He said if
the attempt had not been made to
save the women and children in the
boats it would have resulted in every
body being lost. It would have been
impossible for the women and children
to climb the hurricane deck when the
steamer listed, yet if they had been on
deck the men would have had to re
main below and give the women and
children the upper deck. All could
not go up and it meant the men stay
ing below. The trial of the lifeboats
was the only recourse.
Superintendent Heath, who built
the steamer Clallam. said to-day:
"There was never a stancher or
more seaworthy vessel on the sound
than the Clallam, and I know Captain
Roberts did all in his power to save
the vessel. The Clallam's life-saving
apparatus was of the best and was In
perfect condition."
DEFEXDS THE CAPTAIN*.
Shot for Refusing to Lend 'Money.
LOS ANGELES?, Jan. 15.— As a re
sult of a' quarrel over the refusal of
his victim to lend him money "without
security Rafael Gillot.a Frenchman,
shot and fatally wounded Ramon Diaz,
a native of Spain and a well-to-do citi
zen, at an early hour this morning in
front of a saloon on Aliso street' The
bullet struck Diaz In the left side, pen
etrating the abdomen and producing a
wound which, in the opinion of the
attending surgeons, is certain to prove
fatal. - '
the Western Federation of Miners, who
was released from jail at Cripple Creek
under 519,000 bonds and was Immediate
ly rearrested by the military and plac
ed in the bullpen. He Informed • the
committee appointed by the State Fed
eration of Labor Convention to inter
cede with him on behalf of the pris
oner that additional charges were be
ing prepared against Parker and would
be filed in the Teller County Court. The
nature of. the new cases Is not divulged.
Parker was previously charged with
having been connected with the Vindi
cator, mine explosion and the attempt
to* wreck a train on the Florence and
Cripple Creek Railroad.
NEW YORK, Jan. 15.— R. G. Dun &
Co.'s weekly review of trade to-mor
row will say: T 4 Vr- ;vV
Reports of improvement in the vol
ume of business outnumber unfavor
able dispatches, although the situation
is decidedly irregular. As the money
market becomes easier there is bettrr
prospect of postponed work being re
sumed. All structural lines are largely
dependent upon the ability of the rail
roads to borrow money and the resto
ration of confidence among investors.
Only fair reports are received regard
ing the leading manufacturing lined.
Many Iron and steel plants have re
sumed, but the prevailing curtailment
is very severe. Textile fabrics are as
badly unsettled «s ever, lower prices
for new lines of woolens proving a dtj
agreeable surprise to the many small
traders. Distribution of merchandise
increases with more normal weather,
and clearing-houses report liberal or
ders for spring goods from sales
men at the West and South. Only
a moderate improvement has appeared
thus far in the demand for iron and
steel products, although the resumption
of Idle plants has attained encouraging
proportions. Hides are more active and
prices firmly maintained, with some
advances, especially In foreign dried
hides.
Failures this week number 324 !n the
United States, against 267 last year,
and 24. in Canada, compared with 38 a
year ago. v.^^ •. •
MONEY NOW EASIER.
In Canada failures number 29, against
40 last week and 23 in the like week a
year ago. • .
Business failures for the week end
ing January 14 number 309, against 267
last week, 234 In the like week in 1903.'
291 in l'J02, 20r in 1901 and 255 in 1900
Wheat, including flour, exports for
the week ending January 14 aggregate
7,771,215 bushels, against 3,369.373 bush
els last week and 4,878.674 bushels this
week last j*ear.
Corn exports for the week aggregate
»77,769 bushels, against 1,249,359 bush
els last week and 2,294,617 bushels a
year aso.
WIIEAT EXPORTS INCREASE.
While war talk and weather condi
tions ha-e operated to raise prices of
food products,' the unquestionable im
provement ia the tone of trade is the
mainspring of the upward swing in'
prices of iron and steel, the other met
als and hides and leather which, with
the advance in raw textiles, helped to
raise the general level of values of
staple products to close the highest for
a year past and 37 per cent above the
low point of 1896, though 7 ' per cent
below the highest point of 1900. The
Iron trade Is irregular, but on the whole
a favorable view is taken of condition's
outlook.
EFFECT OF WAR TALK.
NEW YORK, Jan, lo.-Bradatreefs
to-morrow will say: Though not thor
oughly opened yet, except at the South
west, spring trade is beginning to liven
up, and this, coupled with large vol
ume .of clearance sales by retailers,
gives an appearance of activity to mid
winter operations. The industrial sit
uation shows improvement, particular
ly in iron and steel mill resumptions
and in the putting into blast of more
coke furnaces. Little or no friction
seems to attend numerous wage reduc
tions scheduled for the current month
and, though weather conditions are a
bar to activity in outside work, an ac
tive spring trade is looked for in this
line.
COLUSA. Jan. 15. — John McMurtry,
a laborer, aged 50 years, committed
suicide in the County Jail to-day by
hanping. He tore a strip off his
blanket, fastened one end of it around
his neck, then got upon a chair, tied
the other <*nd to a hinge on the win
dow and stepped off the chair. He
came horo from Butte County.
I^lK»rcr Commits Suicide in Jail.
CRIPPLE CREEK,. Colo., Jan. 15.—
John AI. Glover, formerly Congressman
from Missouri, was again arrested by
a military squad to-day and was placed
in the County Jail. Glover, who fought
the military three weeks ago and was
shot in the arm, to-day offered no re
sistance, but protested against being
jailed. No charge was preferred against
him. Colonel Verdeckberg ordered
Glover's arrest after receiving the fol
lowing letter , from him, which is de
clared to be In -violation of the terms
of his release:
- : "CRIPPLE CREEK, Jan. 14.
"Colonel Verdeckberg, Camp Gold
field—Sir: My wounds having healed
sufficiently, I desire to be rid of the
parole signed by me on December 29.
I know of no other way to effect this
except to return to Cripple Creek, as
I have done, and notify you, as I do
now, that I will no longer be bound
by it. I can be found at my office at
any time between now and 3:30 to-mor
row. It. i&. perhaps only fair to add
that* I intend to push you and your
accessories, above and below, - before
and behind the scenes, to the full
limit of the civil and criminal laws,
State and Federal. Respectfully,
... i "JOHN M. GLOVER."
When Interviewed at the jail Glover,
said that his counsel would begin pro
ceedings in the United States Circuit
Court against Governor Peabody, the
State military authorities and others
under the civil rights act. alleging
conspiracy to deprive him of his rights
under the Federal constitution. He
broke his parole, he said, for the ex
press purpose of getting his case be
fore the court.
DENVER, Jan. , 15.— Governor Pea
body . to-day refused to order the
release of Sherman Parker, a leader in
Industrial Prospect Improves
and Opening of Steel and
Iron 31 ills Has Good Effect
A rug made of carpet remnants of all
the best qualities of carpets, and in most
;'ny size, ran be had at 50 and 60 cents
• •n th*> dollar while the jrreat Odd* nnd
Kr.ds Sale is poins on-at Pattosiens, Six
lecnth and Mission sts. 0 •
Half Price for a Rug.
TRADE BEGINS
TO SHOW LIFE
MASTER OF LOST STEAMER
CLALLAM. WHO IS TO BE
PROSECUTED.
Former Congressman Yields
. —but Threatens ,Dire
Vengeance.
FORMER', MISSOURI. CON
GRESSMAN, ; * WHO,- CHAL
LENGED THE MILITIA.
Special Dispatch to The Call
WASHINGTON. Jan. 15.— The Presi
dent to-day submitted to Congress a
message explicitly recommending the
purchase of the sequoia groves of big
trees In California, to be incorporated
in a national park. This will definitely
determine the proposition that has
been before Congress for some years.
The sequoia groves in Calaveras
County cover 3200 acres. They are
owned by Robert Whiteside, residing
in Duluth. 'He has heretofore offered
them to the Government for $loO,000.
A bill introduced by Senator Perkins
recently provides for their purchase for
a sum r.ot to exceed 5200.000, provide J ,
ihe deal is effected within sixty days
after the passage of the bill, which is
now before a committee. In the event
of a deal not being effected within that
time the bill provides for the condem
nation of the property for park pur
poses, valuation to be made by prop
erly constituted authorities.
The sequoia groves were taken up
originally under the homestead act and
were offered by th; original locator to
the Government tpr, $100,000 and sub
sequently purchased from him by
Whiteside, a lumber man. He offered
the property to the Government when
the park proposition was first men
tioned at $4 a thousand feet of the
standing timber, the land to be donated.
The Secretary of the Interior rejected
the offer. Whiteside Is on his way to
Washington in regard to the matter.
It is understood that he declines $200,
000 now.
The junta message to the convention
begins by reviewing the history of the
independence movement and its causes.
The junta formally resigns the legisla
tive powers to the convention and lays
before It an account of its acts, giv
ing the reasons therefor. It says that
the revenues of the republic are in
sufficient, because the commercial tax
has considerably diminished on account
of the anticipation of the changes
which the ratification of the canal
treaty would affect In the customs sys
tem. The republic only floated two
loans in New York, which were of
$100,000 each.
The junta formally informs the con
vention of the ratification of the canal
treaty, and said it had powerful rea
sons for such ratification, which when
they were communicated to the ; con
vention will show them to be fully
justified. The message goes on to say
that the benefits to be derived from
this treaty are incalculable and that
a seed has been sown which will grow
into a tree of the greatest benefit to
posterity, and this treaty will realize
the high aspirations of the people.
PANAMA, Jan. 15.— Members of the
junta and some consular • representa
tives were present to-day at the first
session of the constitutional conven
tion, which was also attended by a
great crowd of' people.
Dr. Pablo Arosemena, temporary
president of the convention, delivered
the opening address, which was fre
quently interrupted by enthusiastic ap
plause. Dr. Arbsemena said:
'•The republic^ will live less by its
material power than by the virtues it
will practice. Independence must be
maintained and the republic must
adopt without reserve that policy of
probity which Is born of justice and
knowledge."
Dr. Arosemena reviewed the favor
able auspices under which the repub
lic has been born and paid:
. "Its security is protected by a pow
erful people In whose veins runs the
rich blood of those Puritans who shook
oflfth,e dust of their sandals the tor
ment of religious interference and the
opprobium of political despotism."
•Dr. Arosemena concluded by recom
mending that in the exercise of their
duties the members of the convention
should keep their country in their
hearts and their minds.
Chancellor von Bulow being absent.
Under Secretary of State Nieberg an
swered the interpellation, the substance
of his remarks being that the Chancel
lor had already taken the initiative In
the matter and had instructed the
commission engaged ' in revising the
penal procedure to take the question
under consideration. However, the Un
der Secretary said, the Government
would not consent to the absolute abo
lition of the compulsory process. *
Other speakers of various j parties
identified themselves with the purpose,
of the interpellation.
BERLIN, Jan.. 15.— In the Reichstag
to-day the. National Liberals interpel
lated Count von Bulow, the Imperial
Chancellor, as to .why he had not yet
introduced a bill abolishing the system
of compulsory testimony of editors and
publishers o.f newspapers for the pur
pose pi ascertaining' the authorship ol
incriminating evidence. Herr Jenicke,
National Liberal, explained the inter
pellation. Few questions, he said, have
been longer before the Reichstag. This
'matter of abolishing the procedure by
which editors and publishers are com
pelled to testify was first discussed
thirty years ago. He pointed out that
this compulsory process neoessarlly
lowers the moral tone of the news
papers and gives editors a second-rate
i standing in the community. Herr Jen
icke referred tj the curious fact that
in Germany it is not yet regarded as
quite dignified to write for newspapers.
The speaker compared the higher tone
of the English press with the tone of
the press of Germany, and explained
that the 'former was due to the;- fact
that England had been longer under a
constitutional government and that the
English press had more traditions, in
cluding complete freedom. If Germany
had a similar constitutional system, he
said, the discussion of to-day would be
unnecessary. Hjerr Jenicke referred to
the case of Editor Hildebrandt of the
Weekly Hilfe, who refused to divulge
the name of a writer and was sen
tenced to eight weeks' imprisonment
and to pay a fine of 100 marks. He also
referred to the case of the Leipsic
Volkszeitung, in which the Judges ex
amined an old woman who carried the
papers to subscribers, and also the
compositors and an apprentice, in order
to ascertain the names of the writers
of certain articles. Herr Jenicke called
upon the Government to return to the
standpoint of Frederick the Great, that
"the gazettes must not be disturbed."
Dr. Arosemena delivers a Pa
triotic Speech, Dwelling on
Principle of Civic Virtue
Property May Be Condemned
if a Satisfactory Deal Is
Not 31ade Very Quickly
Under Secretary Niebcrg Says
Issue Is Being Considered
and Code May Be Revised
The tug Albion to-day discovered two
more bodies of victims of the Clallam
disaster. The remains of John Byers
were picked up off Brotchie ledge, and
those of R. Campbell of 905 Twentieth
avenue, Seattle, off Albert Head.
Griffiths was the last living man on
board. TVhen the water came up to him
*he clung to the* steamer's side and
climbed up the stays to the masthead,
and from there watched all the men on
the side washed off. He watched the
stay carried away and he was then
thrown into the sea. He was picked up
from the floating pilot-house by the
Holyoke. The passengers and crew had
nil asked, the captain and mate to put
them on the Holyoke when the tug
came up. ,.. .
Griffiths gave a clear statement of
the happenings in connection with the
disaster. He said Captain Roberts was
much excited, and told of a conversa
tion when the boats were being lowered
when Captain Roberts had told witness
that he (the witness) would be drowned.
Witness replied that if he was he would
not be the only one.
Griffiths said he had no hope that the
boats would live, and advised people
not to go in them. He said no steps
were taken to rescue those in the water
after the first boat had capsized, though
they were alongside the steamer. There
were no rockets or blueflres or other
signals on board as far as he knew.
The rudder was known not to be in
good condition, and the steamer would
not steer well.
Griffiths said he had thought of cut
ting the line when the tug Holyoke was
towing, as the steamer was foundering.
He had not been ordered to do so. He
had been told that the captain could
shoot any one not obeying orders in
such a time, and did not carry out his
intention. He told of clambering over
the steamer's side when she turned
over at the last minute.
Evidence was given this morning by
Richard Griffiths, one of the crew of
the Clallam, that one -of the seamen
took the ensign from its box and was
hauling it to half-mast upside down
when Captain Roberts ordered him to
take it down and put it right side up,
as if nothing had occurred. About that
time a steamer, which witness took to
be a collier, passed them about three
miles away. Captain Roberts saw that
he was wrong, and about ten minutes
later allowed the sailor to put the flag
in a reversed position.
VICTORIA, B. C. Jan. 15.—Applica
tion was made to-day at the Coroner's
inquest into the Clallam disaster for
warrants for the arrest of Captain Rob
erts and others, who are held responsi
ble for the wreck, on a charge of man
slaughter. C. H. Lurgin, representing
the Dominion Government, to-day said
that sufficient evidence had vbeen se
cured to show criminal -negligence, and
he would apply to the provincial gov
ernment on behalf of the Dominion
Government seeking the arrest of the
captain and any others held to be re
sponsible.
OWNER HURRIES EASTWARD
IIERR JEXICKE'S VIEWS
President Roosevelt Asks Con
gress to Provide for the Pur
chase of California Groves
» i —
GREAT CROWD ATTENDS
People of the Infant Republic
Are Enthusiastic at First
Constitutional Convention
Von Bulow Questioned as to
Why He Continues Compul
sory Testimony of Editors
Evidence' Given at the Coroner's Inquest
Shows That the Wreck of the Clallam
Was Due to the Negligence of the Master
FAMOUS TREES
MUST BE SAVED
PANAMA JUNTA
HOLDS SESSION
MAY ABOLISH
THE PRESS GAG
CAPTAIN OF STEAMER
IS TO BE PROSECUTED
MILITIA AGAIN
THROW GLOVER
INTO PRISON
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 16, 1904.
5
APVZBTTSKftTTiNTS.
Printing
zmd
Developing
AT LOW PRICES.
Mi- wcrk in thi« line Is first class and
tny prices are very low. I'm doing' the
largest volume cf Printing and Develop-
ing of ar.y one on the coast for out-of-town
j.pnjiie Try me on an order. You'll be
pleased. Here are a few prices:
FKIHTIHG:
Tlo'.l of six 10c
Roll cf twelve 15c
DEVELOPING:
Solio finish 3c to 5c
Velcx finish 3c to 6c
Out of town orders promptly taken care of.
THAT MAW PITTS.
F. TV. riTTS. The Stationer.
1008 SXAZtXBT ST.. Above Powell,
FAN KRAXCISCO.
DR. JORDAN'S orcatjI
Jhbseuh of w»tohyJ
/ Qfr 15KltAXriI6T.Ut.e:k»7ft,5.rCal.| I
' 1 -HL-. ? h * J -* r »"' AutMBical Mntin In the
Q « ixt." v ' o: d Ufiktrun cr Any contracted i I
O /Kal bpec»li« o. the Coisj. E,t . y e. rl . Q
• 4 uf&'VL DR - JCRDAN-O'SEASES OF MEN 4
i r Ctffll Cowtuttanoa fttt and rri-t'r rrinit \
V R iV%»! "!«"ni'nt r-fionr! y rt br irti-r. A^
\ B / llU ""'"'• c * r «"> e »«T r <a«B«dc«»kea. \
Oil IIV w "«f«r Biok. PBU.OtOPBT.I A
" V m H II' HASBMCC. MAILED I'KEC (AT
A ii (}¦ **>>nble bock for m*:.) \
V CB. JORDAN A CO.. 1051 M*rfc»t tiU.tt. F. V
"^ ; r
* Always Remember the Fall /fame
Cares cCoId ia One Day, Grip in 2 Days
vS/» //X^WVLb* box. 25c
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 HCARXV ST. Established
in IH34 for tin' treatment nf Private
!i:m.»^». lyxt Manbood. Debility or
<i\*ira*r nearinr «>n body an<l mind and
SL-irfJ):«»ses. Tbe Doctorrureswlirii
others /all. Try bim. fharg** low.
rurn coaranlrrd. . Call or write.
I>r. J. F. UIBBOX. Hta Fmndsco, CaL
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Lists Mallei
on Application.
rSKSH AJK> SALT XEAT&
JAS. BOYES & Cf\ Sh «PPlnB Butchera. 104
* flJl »mi.J tt WJ. clay. Tel. Main 12S4.
OILS
l ' V^% t^°. O1Uf: LEONARD & ELLI3.
418 Front et.. S. J. Pbone Main \17X».
' ' ' "
E C HIlfifTFS i PRINTER.
BEGAL SHOES.
After "Pinet of Paris"
|g^^M ; ; : \X7^HAT the name of "Worth "stands for
>^^ ' n 8 owns * at — "Pinet of Paris " repre-
HEttf ]t\ i^H f ©CIllw 111 1C1111111I1C lUvlVV Cul •
HB&gF^\d!fir What " Pinet ' of Paris "* signifies in the old
IBp7 world fashion centers, "The Regal Shoe {of
W^/ Women " represents in America.
Wzjik^S^^^W " Pinet of Paris" creates masterpieces, that set
T^^^^^^v the fashion, at ' $20.00 per pair.
•V'^^^V^^^k These serve as models for New York's ex-
Hffi^^W^^^' elusive and high-priced Custom shops..
IlK^v * They serve simy}taneously as models for " The
IlK^S. rk Regal - 1>oe " at $3 ' 50 '
il yJv^X ' U 9^ fyc al e " Re 8^ W<* " ; for Women
II vA^Sl^^ is copied direct from the latest accepted produc-
nv \\ tions of shoe^ leaders like " Pinet of Paris."
I V W Within thirty days these $20.t)0 originals are
1 \ " a \ * exactly fac-similed* and on sale in Regal Shoe
I \ \ '^Tannery to Gmsumer "/methods make this
1 i t rapid style-transmission and low price possible.
V Regal styles' are safe to wear, because they are
feidifiilly copied from correctmodek
I Style Book mailed on postal request
¦* *- ¦* 1*^ ' MEM - pA^M jBH^B MaSSt mSB^L IMtm .¦ f '-\^-.*\: .
men V TH& *H^E TOAT PROVi&S
. SANPRANCISCOSTORE. COR. OEARY AND STOCkTON STREETS
ADVERTISEMENTS*" "A"
— ¦—»>.
¦Pleasant Memories
Of comfort and correct appearance linger
, with the patrons of this laundry.
Comfort — because shirts are -starched
and ironed to fit the wearer, and collars
| and cuffs bear no "saw-edges"; correct
¦ appearance because U. S. Laundry work
_ 2s the much in little of superb finish and
perfect cleanliness.
Phone South 420 will put you on our
list.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY,
OFFICE 1004 IUBKET STREET.
Near Powell.
1 Phone Sonta 43 O.
1 I AVIIIl I ConlltBTlTCCBZACi*
¦ fl V I (Jin fl rrmor»d. He»ith rntorfd. A*.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
• s v Stearrers learn Saa Fran-
/iyX^-^G^, eisoo as follows:
A££T ** or Ketthl kan. "Wrantel.
/qjTCJljai VU\ Juneau. Ilaines, Ska^i-iv.
I I \\L*5?a. I J etc - A'aska— 11 a. ro . Jan.
I \ VBbSfA) I Ul - 21 - - t: - "'• Veb - s -
W\ \\ Change to company't steam-
\f^L_^£y e™ at Seattle.
cr Victoria, Vancouver.
Port TowBwnd. Seattle. Ta-
coma. Everett. Whateom— 11 a. m.. Jan. 16.
21. 20, 31. Feb. 5. •Tiangp at Seattle to tni*
company's steamers for Alaska and O. N.
Ry.;at Seattle or Tacoma to N. P. Ry.. at
Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona. 1:30
p. m., Jan. 17. 2:«. 29. Feb. 4; Corona. 1:30 p.
m., Jan. 14, 20, 20, Feb. 1.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
P.edondo). San Dieco and Santa Barbara —
Santa Rosa. Sundays, J) a. m.
State of California. Thursdays, 0 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and KasC
Ban Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Cms. Mon-
terey, Fan Simeon, Cayucos, Port Harford (Sao
Lute Oblspo). Ventura and Hueneme.
I Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. Jan. 12. 20. 2S, Feb. 5.
Bonlta. 0 a. m.. Jan. 16. 21. Feb. 1.
i For Knsenada, Magdaiena Bay, San Jos# «M
j Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Pax, Santa Ro-
¦ salia. Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain folder.
Right Is reserved to changa steamers or sail-
in? dates.
TICKET OFFICES — 4 New Montgom-
ery street (Palace Hotel), ll> Market street and
Broadway wharves
Freight of See. 10 Market, street.
C. D. Dl'.N'AXX, General Passenger A<»r.t,
10 Market street. Pan Francisco.
O. !?. & N. CO.
Columbia sails Jan. IS. 28. Feb. T. 17, ZT
March D and 19. George W. Elder sails Jan.
13. 23. Feb. 2, 12. 22. March 4 and 14. Only
steamship line to POP.TLAND. OR., and short
rail line from Portland to all points East.
Through tickets to all points, ail rail or steam-
ship ard rail, at LOWEST RATES. Steamer
tickets Include berth and meals. Stmmcr satis
l foot of Spear St. at 11 a. m. S. F. BOOTH.
j Geiu Agt. Pass. Dept., 1 Montgomery St. : C.
CLIFFORD. Gen. Agt. Freight Dept.. 3 Sont-
com»ry st.
AMERICAN UME.
i Plymouth — Cherbourg — Southampton.
From New Tork Saturdays at tt:3O a.' m.
St. Paul Jan. 2:i|St. Louis Feb. «l
I Philadelphia ...Jan. 3»>| New Tork Feb. 13
\pX ATJ^iimC TRANSPORT X.17TE.
<' Hew Tork — London Street.
I Mln t'Va.Jan. 23, t> ami Min'haha.Feb. 0. 9 am
Marq'tte.Jan. 30. 9 am[ Mln' polls. Feb. 13. 3 pm
Only First-class Passeneers Carried.
DOMINION LINE.
Portland — Liverpool — Short sea passage.
Canada ..." Feb. HI Canada Mar. 12
Dominion Feb. 27J Vancouver ....Mar. 29
HOLLAND-AMERICA LINE.
New Twin-screw Steamers of 12.500 "Itons.
New Tork — Rotterdam. Via Boulogne.
Sailing Tuesday at 10 a. m.
•Am«terdani ...Jan. 2C[ tSloterdyk Feb. It
Rotterdam Feb. 2| Statendam Feb. 23
! -Steerage only. tFrelght only.
! BED STAB LINE.
! Wew Tork—Antwerp — Paris.
Krn'ld.Jan.25, 10::^)am|FInld.Feb, ti. 10:30am
Zeerd.Jan.S*. 10:30 ami Vadl'd.Feb.13, 10:30am
warn: star line.
Hew Tork — Qneenstown — Liverpool.
Sailing Wednesdays and Fridays.
Cedrle ...Jan. 27. noon Celtic, f. Feb. 17, f, am
MaJestlc.Feb. 3. 10 am Cedrle. Feb. 24. 11 arr»
Oceanic. Feb. 10, 1 pm Majcstlc.Mar. 2, 10 am
Boston — Qneenitown — Liverpool.
Cymric Jan. 21. Feb. IS, Mar IT
: Cretlc Feb. 4. Mar. 3. Mar 31
I BOSTON MEDITERRANEAN SERVICE.
Azores, Gibraltar, Naples. Genoa.
ROMANIC Feb. 27. Apl 0. May It
CANOPIC Jan. .TO, Mar. 13
REPUBLIC (new) Feb. 13, Mar. 2<l
C. D. TAYLOR. Passenger Agent Pacific Coast*
21 Post »t.. San Francisco.
!
l7i GraBALTAGtT^J . Ir*
llfc^AtoJERS. MARSEILLES, CMOaA\ P
&jf HAP1XS 8r ALEXANDRIA. ECYPT.)^ !
ROMANIC... Jan. 16. F*b 27 ApL 9
CANOPIC Jan. 30 Mar 12
REPUBLIC (new) Feb. ia. Mar. 2<i
(Send for rates and Illustrated booklet.)
These steamers are the largest la the
Mediterranean service.
First class, f£> upward.
Boston to Liverpool Qw VA^
CTMRIC Jan. 21. Feb. 18. Mar. 17
CRETIC Feb. 4. Mar. .% Mar. 31
First class. $60 and $?"•."• upward. accord-
Ins: to steamer.' For plans/ etc., address
WHITE STAR LINE. 77-81 State St.
Boston ; or. to C. D. TAYLOR. 'i\ Post st.
TOYO RISEN KA1SHA,
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.)
Steamers will leave wharf, corner First «n4
Brannan streets, at 1 p.m., for YOKOHAMA
¦nd Hongkong, calling at Kobe (Hlogo). Naga-
rakt and Shanghai, and connecting at Hong-
kons with steamers for India. * etc No cargo
received on board on day of sailing.
S. S. AMERICA. MA RU.'
....- .Monday. January 25. 1304.
S. 9. HONGKONG MARU '
Wednesday. February 17. lWi
5. S. NIPPON MAHU
Tuesday. March 13. 1904
* Via Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. For freight and passage apply at Com-
pany's offlce. 121 Market street. Corner First.
| W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
OcwnK5.s.ce. sssut^sst
8 S SONOMA, for Honolulu, Samoa. Auck-
land anil Sydney. Thursday, Jan. 21, 2 p. m.
«» S ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Jan. 30. 11 a.m.
6. S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Feb. 11. 1904.
AilAtCKU 1 B131.C8^ AitJ-,75cbt 8^0,513 Sartiia
M»i8hLl2l IrWILfTirli. J.fuft it
C0X7A8NII 6XKESALB TKAN3ATLAHTI3as.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. ut+g*
Sailing every Thursday Instead of <«!2jft
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. trotn Pter 42. »»<W*MW
North River, foot of Morton street.
First class to Harre, $70 and upward. Sec-
ond class to Havre, $45 and upward. .GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson Building).
New York.' J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 6 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket 'Agents. '
Mare Island and Tallejo Steamer*.
Steamer GEX. FIUSBIE or MOXTICELLO—
0:45 a. m., 3:15 apd 8:30 p. m.. except Sunday.
Sunday. 9:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leave Vallejo.
7 a. .m... 12:30 and 6 p. m.. ex. Sunday. Sun-
day. 7 a. m.. 4:13 p. rn. Fare. SO cents. Tel.
Main 1508. Pier 2. Miszlon-sU dock. UATCU
BROS.ST. LOUIS, Jan. IB. — Major General John
C. Bates to-day formally assumed command of
the northern j division of the United Statt-g
army, With headquarters at St. Louis.
WALLACE Idaho. Jan. 15.— The mines of
th«. Coeur d'Alene district produced 2CKS.257.278
pounds of lead and C.021.145 ounces of silver
during lfWXl. The total value was $10.eiG,4fi2 12
The output for the past year Is. the largest
in the history of the district..
KIRKSVILLE, Mo., Jan. 15.— John
Robyson was hanged to-day for the
murder of his father-in-law, George
Conklin. He died declaring he had
made his peace with God and had
been forgiven for the murder. In the
jail office he shook the hands of 500
friends.
Condemned JIan Goes to Gallows De
claring That He Had Been
Forgiven.
HANGED FOR MURDER
OF FATHER-IN-LAW
NEW YORK, Jan. 15. — The .three
story car barn and about fifty cars of
t*he Coney Island and Brooklyn Rail
road Company in Brooklyn were de
stroyed by fire to-day, the fire threat
ening the safety of the adjoinfng pow
er-house and putting a number of the
Brooklyn. car lines out of commission
for several hours. Three men were
injured, but not fatally. The loss is
estimated at from $100,000 to $125.
000. The building destroyed occupied
an entire, block.
Building Occupying a Block Is Hazed
nnd Three Men Are Seriously
' Hurt.
FIRE DESTROYS £AR *
BARNS AT CONEY ISLAND
PHILADELPHIA, Jan. 15.—Ed
ward L. Landis, aged 45 years, a man
ufacturing chemist of this city, this
afternoon shot and killed his wife,
Emma, aged 43 years, and then shot
and killed himself at their home in
West Philadelphia. Landis was one
of the most widely known chemists
in the United States. He'was a gradu
ate of the University of Pennsylvania
and traveled and studied in Europe.
He was despondent.
Well Known Manufacturer of Phila
. delphia Commits Desperate Deed
WIillc Despondent.
SHOOTS HIS WIFE AND
THEN SLAYS HIMSELF
Those contemplating an excursion trip
to Alaska the coming summer should at
tend the' lecture to be given by Mr. E.
Burton Holmes in Lyric Hall, 121 Eddy
street, on the evening of January 19.
Mr. Holmes illustrates his ' work by
many fine stereopticon views, including
a number of motion pictures. •
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company
will run six exclusive excursions to
Alaska, season of ]904, leaving Seattle.
Tacoma and Victoria June 7-21, July
5-19 and August 2-16.
Full information, including illustrated
descriptive literature, may. be obtained
at ticket offices, 4 New \Montgomery
st. (Palace Hotel) or 10 Market .st. C.
D. Dunann, General Passenger Agent. •
Alaska Excursions.
COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo.. Jani
15. — Detective Schultz of this city, who
arrested Henry Herbert" Piggott, for
merly of Philadelphia, at Princeton,
B. C, declines to divulge the charge
on which the prisoner is held, al
though he insists he has made an im
portant capture. It has been reported
that there was a judgment against
Piggott for $19,000, obtained in a case
in which he was charged with fraudu
lent dealings In administering the
case of John C. Reading of Philadel
phia, but the officials of that city say
they have no warrant for his arrest
on any charge.
No credence is. placed in the report
that Piggott had bonds and papers
valued at $500,000 when arrested. ' - :
Colorado Springs Detective Acts Mys
teriously in Connection With Cap
ture of Henry II. Piggott.
DECLINES TO GIA T E
CAUSE OF THE ARREST
Edward- Mackenzie was convicted
yesterday by Judge Mogan of disturb
ing the peace. He entered the Epworth
lodging-house, at 1037 Market street,
early one morning a few days ago • and
while one of the lodgers had gone up
stairs for a moment popped' into the
room and locked the door. He refused
to be dislodged until a policeman had
been sent for. He is also accused of
having retained $3 50 from collections
he made for the Christmas dinner given
by the Salvation Army. He will be sen
tenced to-day after his record has been
looked into a little further.
Police Judge Mogan has locked horns
with the republic of France over a
murder charge now pending in his
court. On January 12 last Vincent Le
Carvec, a sailor on the French ship
Vercingetorix, . which was moored at
the Valle jo-street wharf, ran a keen
knife into a shipmate named Vincent
Le Meur. The injured' man passed
away at the City and County Hospital
the following morning.
Le Carvec was arrested on the charge
of murder and has been in the custody
of the local police ever since. Yester
day he was given a preliminary hear
ing before Judge Mogan.' . Jean Le Gal,
first officer of the ship, and a number
of sailors testified, clearly establishing
the guilt of the accused. 1
The French Consul has entered a pro
test against any further proceedings
being taken against the accused man
by the local authorities. Yesterday he
sent to Chief of Police Wittman a letter
demanding the custody of the accused.
The demand is based on the provisions
of the treaty existing between the
United States and France giving all
ships of either nation territorial rights
even when in a port of the other na
tion. Accordingly the Consul claims
jurisdiction over the accused* man and
desires that he may be turned over
to him in order that the trial of the
charge may be held In a French court;
Judge Mogan submitted the letter to
District Attorney Byington, who was
too busy to render an 1 ' opinion on the
matter yesterday. It is claimed by
most of the attorneys that the demand
of the French* Consul is well based
and\that eventually Carvec will be
given into his custody. The defendant
is a low browed and repulsive looking
saiior and the French nation is thor
oughly welcome to him.
Judge Co-nlan overruled the constitu
tion yesterday and generally misu«ed
cherished rights and privileges. It was
in the case of Maud Smith, charged
with vagrancy. Her attorney asked for
a continuance. "You can't have one,"
said the Judge. "I don't purpose to
use- up public time and bother citizens
for the disposal of a case like this."
"But, your Honor," protested the at
torney, "we are entitled to a contin
uance under the constitution."
"The constitution -is overruled," said
the Judge.
"Then I demand a trial by jury,"
said the attorney.
"You can't have that, either. The
constitution is overruled for a second
time. I'll find this woman guilty as
charged and will sentence her to-mor
row. Try the SUDreme Court the next
time if you don't like the brand of
Justice we dispense here."
William Hogan, William Miles, Dan
iel Bigelo'w, James Taggart, Louis
Steckler and Frank Harris were booked
yesterday for various crimes at the
City Prison. Taggart is 24 years of
age, Steckler 18 and the others 16. The
arrests were made by vDetectlves Re
gan, O'Connell, Bunner and Freel.
On Christmas eve it is alleged that
Taggart, Steckler and Hogan went to
322 Ritch street and had trouble about
a girl they wanted to see. They were
thrown out by James Niddarson, one of
the roomers, and while Niddarson was
.standing on the sidewalk one of the
trio, it is alleged, fired a shot at him,
the bullet hitting him on the shoulder.
Niddarson ran into the house and a
shot was fired through the door, the
bullet striking the hall lamp and
breaking it into pieces.
The landlady, Mrs. Middlar, who is
76 years of age.'^vvent into the hallway
and while she was sweeping up the
broken glass three more shots were
fired through the door, each bullet
striking her on the side. She was
taken to St. Luke's Hospital and is
stiil there, but is recovering. Taggart,
Steckler and Hogan are charged with
assault to murder.
Hogan and Miles have each three
charges of burglary against them and
Bigelow two charges. The three are
accused of breaking into McNear's
warehouse on Berry street, between
Sixth and Seventh, on the night of Jan
uary 7 and stealing an elevator wheel
and a quantity of lead. They are also
accused of entering on the same night
the stable of Campbell Bros., on Second
street and South Park, and stealing a
ton of pig iron. Hogan and 'Miles are
accused of entering the warehouse at
176 Townsend street on the night of
January 12 and stealing twenty-four
pigs of lead valued at $125. It is
claimed that they hired a horse and
wagon to carry away their plunder,
which they sold to a junk dealer, from
whom all the stolen property has been
recovered. Harris, who is charged
with petty larceny, is accused of steaj
ing a mandolin last Wednesday from
the warehouse of Bekin & Co., Eighth
and Tehama streets. The instrument
has been recovered.
Hogan and Miles were arrested last
week on a charge of assault to rob.
Hogan was sent to the Juvenile Court
and the case against Miles was dis
missed for lack of prosecution. They
knocked down and attempted to rob a
sailor.
They all belong to the same gang and
are looked upon by the police as dan
gerous young criminals.
Mrs. Victoria Ferslow, who put her
two-year-old grandson on a hot stove
and seriously burned him as a matter
of discipline, was sentenced to I five
months in the County Jail by Judge
Cabaniss yesterday. In passing the
sentence the Judge said: "Ordinarily
I am opposed to inflicting such a severe
sentence on a-wo-man who is generally
law abiding and of previous good char
acter, but your action was one of such
inconceivable cruelty and so thorough
ly unwarranted that I have no com
punction in sending you to the County
Jail for a period of five months."
MOTHER ACCUSED OF
MURDER OF DAUGHTER
Witness Gives Damaging Testimony
Against the Defendant at
the Trial. »
ALLEXTOWN', Pa.. Jan. 15. — In the
trial to-day of Mrs. Catherine Be<*h
tel as an accessory after the fact to
the murder of her daughter, Mabel,
Mrs. Margaret Miller, under cross-ex
amination, testified that she observed
blood spots on the sidewalk directly
in front of the Bechtel home and also
saw tracks made by carriage wheels in
the rear of the Bechtel house after
Mabel's body was found. The witness
said that it was a fact that Tom Bech
tel, one of the defendants, did not talk
to Mabel and that he hardly spoke to
any member of the family. She said
that Mabel controlled her mother and
did as she pleased; that they had
quarreled and that Mabel had sworn
at her mother.
It is the festal season for the Greeks.
According to their calendar, they are
in the middle of their Christmas and
New Year celebrations, and for that
reason they are Indulging more than
usual in gaming and kindred amuse
ments. They have a game called "pan
gingi," fascinating in the extreme and
sufficiently lively to cause the inter
change of large-sums of money.
Thursday night a party of grave
Athenians gathered in the rear of a
restaurant on Howard street and com
menced to woo fortune. Three stealthy
police officers invaded the premises and
captured seven of the gamesters. One
man plunged through a window; thirty
feet from the ground, carrying the sash
with him, and escaped. The captured,
men appeared before Judge Cabaniss
yesterday, but were dismissed. The
prosecution was unable to establish the
fact that "pangingl" was a percentage
or banking game and the case fell.
Summer Home Sites.
Are you Interested in a iutn'roer home along
th'J Rust-ian Klvr in Sonoma County? The
climate is id*al and the environment very pic
turesque. At Mnnte Rio Park over fifty cot-
U^es were built in the summer of 1003 and as
many more at Camp Mreker and Mesa Grande.
Now is the time to make your nelection of
site. Lot* on i«ale at North Shore Office, 620
Market utreet. at $50 to $75. Get a copy of
•"Punny Summer Homes." distributed free at
above address. Mailed to any address,. -, . •.
The prosecution closed its case
against Martha E. Bowers, charged
with the murder of her husband, Mar
tin L. Bowers, before a jury in Judge
Cooks court yesterday. A hypothetical
question, based upon the symptoms
shown by the deceased, was put to Drs.
W. J. Hawkins. T. B. W. Leland and C.
L. Morgan, and they each answered
that death was caused by arsenical
poisoning:. In cross-examination they
admitted that although four grains of
arsenic were found in the stomach un
less it had been absorbed into the sys
tem it would not cause death. They
also admitted that some of the symp
toms could be caused by ptomaine poi
son. Chief Wittman was recalled and
testified that the defendant admitted
that Patrick Lervy stayed at her
house the night before her husband
died and the night after his death. This
closed the case for the prosecution.
DEFENSE IS CALLED.
Attorney Frank J. Drury made a
motion to strike out the evidence of J.
C. Peterson, the drug clerk at Fifth
and Folsom streets, who filled the pre
scription signed "McLaughlin, M. D.,"
calling for arsenic, but the Judge de
nied it.
Miss Mamif Montgomery, aliss Annie
Atchison and Mrs. E. H. Bailey, nurses
at the Waldeck Sanatorium, testified to
having se^n the defendant at her hus
band's bedside there every day and
that 5h*> seemed to treat him affection
ately and kindly.
Dr. Louis I. Breitstein of the Ger
man Hospital testified that while in the
ambulance with Bowers the way to
the hospital on the morning cf the day
on which he died Bowers had said that
his sickness was caused by eating some
ham about eleven weeks J revious and
that his wife, who had also eaten the
ham, had been sick for two day?. Wit
ners said he found the patient's lungs
in a bad condition.
John Cunningham testified that he
hsd seen Bowers every day during his
sickness and that Bowers had com
plained of his treatment at the Waldcck
and wanted to be taken home. Cun
ningham went with him to the Waldeck
in a hack and Bowery was able to walk
to the hack, but he was taken home
from the Waldeck on a stretcher. Bow
ers got worse after August 14.
MRS. SrTTON'S DENIAL.
Mrs. Zylphia Sutton. the defendant's
sister, testified that she did not present
the prescription signed "M'cLaughlin.
M. D.." at the drug store at Fifth and
Fclsom streets, but said she had called
there one day for a prescription which
Dr. McLaughlin had verbally ordered.
She heard Mrs. Sadie Bowers tell the
defendant that she had better order a
black dress, as her husband would
never set out of bed.
Charles Cornberger testified that h(*
was with Mrs. Sutton .when she called
at the drug store and got the medicine
which Dr. McLaughlin had ordered.
Detective T. J. Coleman brought into
court a basketful of letters found at the
residence of the defendant and they
weie marked for identification.
DEFENDANT TESTIFIES.
The defendant was called to the
Ktand. She gave her evidence quietly
and without displaying any nervous
ness. She detailed how her husband
became sick on June 1 from eating ham
at breakfast and her own sickness from
the same cause. She called in four dif
ferent doctors to attend her husband
and he was sent to the Waldeck at her
suggestion. She visited her husband
•there every day and after being there
three weeks he begged to be taken
back home, but Dr. McLaughlln ad
vised her to allow him to remain for
another week. He had been abl<*:to be
around before going, to the Waldeck.
but had to be brought, home on a
stretcher.
She contradicted Harry Bowers and
his wife by saying that they were sent
for on August 16. She declared they
were sent for on August 7. She also
denied that she had ever asked Harry
or his wife to give her husband medi
cine. Harry sat up all of the last night
her husband was alive with him, and
his wife had told her next morning
that she had got up during the night
and helped Harry to take care of Mar.
tin. Harry's wife had got prescrip
tions filled at her request at the drug
store at Fifth and Folsom streets. Her
examination was not concluded, pourt
adjourned till Monday morning.
A pathetic scene, was enacted in Judge
Fritz's court yesterday. George E. Wiel
er is A young man who is dying from
pulmonary tuberculosis. A month ago
he was arrested on a charge of grand
larceny and has been in the City Pris
on ever since. He was ill and unabl? to
work, with a wife and baby on his
hands, and wanted to go to Los An
geles", where he hoped to grow stronger.
He borrowed from D. E. Parry $100 on
some furniture "he owned and leftihe
city, taking the furniture with. nlm. He
was brought back, and the conflnement
he has undergone has practically ended
any hone he might have had for im
provement. , v.v-.
Judge Fritz called him up yesterday
and told him he was going -to allow
him liberty on his own recognizance
until the hearing of his .case next
Tuesday. The poor fellow was so over
come with excitement and Joy. that he
fell over into a. faint, and it was sev
eral minutes before he could be re
stored to. consciousness. Death atu.
pears very close, to him, and it is
doubtful if he will survive the hearing
of the Charge against .him.
Edward Richards appeared; before
Judge ' Mogan yesterday . to answer to
the charge of killing Joseph Martini, a
Pacific, street saloon-keeper; . ten "days
ago. \After he was arraigned it was
.discovered that the complaint was J de
fective. -It had been sworn; to by. a
woman who ; gave the name! of Delia
Martini and who represented herself as
the wife of the deceased.; It was < found
that'ahe had never been married to him
and that her real name was Delia Hum.
elstein. The case went over .until to
day to allow a new complaint ""to* be
prepared. *..•..;-"
Judge Fritz" . found ; an oldXf riend in
his court yesterday.; George Brown was
before him charged with having lottery
.tickets in his possession. ."Don't you re
member me, yourJHonqr?" said.thVde^,
fend ant in a hoarse \.whisperri"No,".'saId
the JudgeV "Why,^ I ; was the ? cook ? on
the " boat ybir 'took ? tb Los^Arigeles' 'last'
Had Oppenheimer succeeded in over
powering Merritt he would no doubt
have endeavored to release the other
convicts confined in the Incorrigible
cells. All are desperate men, and it is
hard to judge what the result would
have been.
. Oppenheimer was transferred from
Folsom prison to San Quentin a few
years ago after murdering a fellow con
vict at that place. He received a life
sentence,, and no sooner had he crossed
the threshold of San Quentin prison
that he began to show his desperate
tiature. One morning while working In
the jute mill he became displeased with
an order given by a guard named
James McDonald. He lay in wait for
the guard and stabbed his victim seven
times with a large dirk knife. McDon
ald recovered from his wounds a'nd the
prison directors ordered Oppenheimer
confined in the incorrigible cells for the
rest of his life. This punishment did
not stop the desperate fellow, for sev
eral times he has assaulted guards. A
few. days ago he secured a piece of
paper and made a fire in his cell.-.
, .SAN RAFAEL, Jan. 15.-^Convict Ja
• cob; Oppenheimer, -the terror of the Cal
¦ifornia^State prison, made another as
sault upon a .guard -at:' San Quentin
prison' late Thursday night, and as a
result he is still in a dazed condition
from' a wound on his head which re
quired fifteen stitches totlose.
, Each day the convicts who occupy
cells in the incorrigible row are taken
out one at' a time and exercised. As
usual this procedure was gone through
with Thursday night. Nothing unusual
occurred: until Ben Merrltt, one of the
guards, ; unlocked , the cell of Oppen
heimer. The convict was standing In
the rear of his narrow cell and with a
'wild -rush pounced upon ' Merrltt. He
caught the guard with hands about the
throat and choked him. Merrltt's supe
rior strength was quickly brought to
bear, andhe^threw the desperate con
vict back with such force that Oppen
heimer's head hit the edge of the large
Iron "door of the cell.' Oppenheimer fell
to the floor in an unconscious condition^
and_was hurriedly put back into his
cell~for~ fear he might be shamming.
The prison physician was then sum
moned,, and' upon examination found a
Wound reaching from the forehead to
the back of Oppenhejmer's skull. The
wound was Btitched up and Oppen
heimer was -left in his four by eight
cell.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Judge Mogan had a dock full of char
acters; yesterday, and he struck them
out in one-two-three ; order. Frank Rlley
is 'the., gentleman ;^they"; speak' .of . so
highly, \ who keeps 'the hotel— at least
he'said he once had a hotel in Trinity
County. He- has a ; habit 'of getting
drunk and occupying a 1 graceful but re
cumbent position* on?: the street '.; car
track. He was given thirty days in the
County Jail in j order that . he might
learn an upright attitude. Thomas
Conway bears the proud reputation
among the bums and "moochers" on the
Barbara Coast of being "king of. the
beggars." He will put off his regal
sobriquet for three, months while, he
visits with Sheriff Curtis.-, J.L.. Burns
says he comes from. Crescent City. He
has b^en arrested twice for begging.
Owing to his advanced ifge he was only"
given twenty-four hours in the City
Prison, with the understanding that on
his release -he will Immediate
t jacks for Crescent City. Metropolitan
life is too rapid for Mr. Burns.
Tells of Her Solicitude and
Denies Statements' Made by
Harrv Bowers and His" Wife
Police Say They Shot Man and
AVoman and Stole Various
Articles From Warehouses
Desperate Criminal Is Hurled
Against Door by Intended
Victim and Is Badly Injured
SHOWS
GETS W0KST OF BATTLE
summer. Don't you remember making
the clam, chowder in the dishpan and
trying to scrub the galley with it?"
Could .the Judge ever forget those hap
py vacation days! "The defendant "is
dismissed," he said:
LONG LIST OF CRIMES
NO NERVOUSNESS
Arc Lodged Ag-ainst Them
Charges of Assault to Harder,
Burglary and Petty Larceny
Murderer Jacob Oppenheimer
Makes Vicious Attack Upon
an Officer at San Quentin
Wants Vincent Le Cafvec, Who Killed a
Shipmate, Turned Over for Deportation.
Judge C.onian. Disregards Constitution
Defendant on Trial for Mur
deriujr Husband by Adminis
tering Poison Takes Stand
MARTHA BOWERS
FACES ENEMIES
FELON CHOKES
PRISON GUARD
POLICE ARREST
GANG OF BOYS
FRENCH CONSUL REMANDS
CUSTODY OF A MURDERER
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, .. JANUARY 16, 1004.
6
Smith Premier Typewriter
Company
We have purchased the business of Messrs. Durphv & Dicker-
man, and hereafter will maintain our- own branches on tne ra- 1
cific Coast at [
SAN FRANCISCO, 105 Montgomery St. f
SEATTLE - - - 1210 Second Ave. 1
• PORTLAND - - 247 SUrk St. |
LOS ANGELES - 133 South Broadway |
SPOKANE - - - 909 Riverside Ave. I
BUTTE - - - - 27 East Granite St. A
NOTE-We have just completed and moved into the largest and H
most thoroughly equipped typewriter factory in the world. M
The wheels started on Monday, January 4. and we shall turn U
out 200 Smith Premiers— the World's Best . Typewriter— every g
working dav. n
We respectfully solicit your patronage. [j
THE SMITH PREMIER TYPEWRITER COMPANY. I
. , E. N. BARTLET, District Manager. 1
RAILWAY TBAVEL.
The North Western-
Union Pacific Excursions
afford unusual opportunities fof" v aa
* economical and satisfactory journey to
ChicagorEast
Excursions Every Day
Personally conducted parties leave
San Francisco every Wednesday,
Thursday, Friday and Saturday.
Leave Los*Angeles one day earlier.
Choice of routes.
For full information apply to or address
R. R. RITCHIE, S. F. BOOTK.
General Agent, Gen'l Agent Pass'r Dept.,
Chicago & North- Western Ry. Union Pacific R. R.
617 Market St. No. 1 Monttomcry St.
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESIERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISUQ ah j NUHTH PACIFIC
EAILWAY COMPAZTS-.
Tlburon Ferry, root of Market Street.
BAIT rSANCZSCO TO SAK EAPAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30, 9:00. H:0O a. rn. ; 12:35.
3:30. 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8 :0(». 9:30, 11:00 a. m.: 1:30. 3:30.
5. CO. 0:20. 11:30 p. m.
SAN SATAEL TO SAZT TSANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS — «:C5. 7:35. 7:50. »:2l>. 11:15
a. rp.: 12:30. 3:40. 5:00. 5:20 p. rn.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:05 and 6:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8. (M». 9:40. 11:15 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40.
4:55. 5:05. 6:25 p. m. . . .
Lepve I . In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco.] Sept. 27. 1903. (San Franclaco.
¦Week I Sun- I Destlna- I Sun- 1 Week
Days. I days. | tlon. I days. I Days.
7:30a 8:00a 9:10 a 8:40a
0:30 a Ignaclo. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 3:30 p 6:05 p 6:20 p
6:10 p 5:00 p 7:35 p
*7:30a 9:10a 8:40 a
8:00 a Nova to. 10:40 a. 10:20 a
3:30 p D:30a - Petaluma <">:0r. p 0:20 p
5:10 p 3:30 p end 7:35p
5:00 p| Santa Rosa.
7:30 a ~ 10:40 a 10:20 a
S:00a Fulton. 7:35 p 6:20 p
S :30 p 3 :30 p
Windsor. .
7:30a 8:00a HeaKisburgr. 10:40a 10:20a
Lyttcn,
3:30 p 3:30 p Geyservllle. 7:35 p 6:20 p
Cloverdale.
7:30 al 8:00 a! Hopiand ;10:4O a|10:20 a
3:30 p| 3:S0p[ and Ukiah. [7:35p| 6:20 p
7:30 a| 3:00 a| w¥llts. | 7:3J"p| 6:20 p
7:30 a! 8:00 al 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 p| 3:30 p| Guernevllle. | 7:35 pj 6:20 p
7:3Oa| 8:00 a j Sonomsi r»:10*al~8:40 a
5:10 p| 5:0) p| Glen Ellen. | 6:C5 pj 6:2Dp
7:30 al 8:00 al 110:40 allO:20 a
3:30 p| 3:30 p| Sebastopol. I 7:35 pi C:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Quentin; at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altrurla and Mark West
Bprlng-8* ai Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
eerville for Skacgs Springs; at Cloverdale tor
the Geysers. Booneville and Greenwood: at
Hopiand for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs
Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lake-
port and Bartlett SpriJlgs; at Ukiah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs, Upper Lake. Pomo,
Totter Valley, John Day'». Rlveralde. Lierly's.
Buckntll's Sanhedrln Heights. HullviUe. Orr's
Hot Springs. Halfway House. Comptche, Camp
Stevenn. Hopkins, Mendocino City. Fort Brms,
Westport. L'sal; at Wiliits for Fort Bragg.
Westport, Sherwood. Cahto. Covello.^ Lnytcn-
ville, dimming*. Bell's Springs. Harris. 01-
sen'*. Dyer, Garberville. Pepperwood," Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturdayxto Sunday rtfund-trip tickets at re-
duced tates.
On Sunday round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket offices, 630 Market street. Chronicle
buil.lirc.
H. C WHITING. R. X RYAN.
Gen. Manager. G*n. Pass. Agt
HTOSAN RAFAEL,
ROSS VALLEY,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc.
Tla Sausalito Terry.
Suburban Service. Standard Gauge Electric —
Deoart from San Franclieo Dally — 7:00. 8:00.
K lofoo. uloo a. m.. ,12:20 .1:45. 3:15, 4:15.
515 6:15. 7:00. 8:45. 10:20. 11 :« p. tn.
FROM 8AN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
—Dally— 5:25. 6:35. 7:40. 8:35. 9:35. 11:05 a.
m.. 12:20. 1:45. 2:55. 3:45. 4:43. 5:45. 6:45.
8:45 10:20 p. m.
FROM MILL VALLET TO SAN FRAN-
CISCO— Dally— 5:45. 6:55. 7:52. 8:53. 9:55.
11-20 a7m.. 12:35. 2:00. 3:15. 4:05. 5:03. 6:05.
7:C5, 9:C0, 10:35 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
8:00 a. m. dally— Caiadero and way stations.
5:15 p. rn. week days (Saturdays excepted) —
Tomalea and way stations.
3:15 p. tn. Saturdaya — Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
Sundays only — 10 a. tn.. Point .Reyes aad
way atatlons. - .
TICKET OFFICE— 620 Market st.
FERRY— Union Depot, foot of Market st
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Leave - Tia SiinUto tmrjl Arrive
S«aPrmdaco ntrflUrtata SaaFnadac*
!Weak S«n»T~ ,fim ~" Sun- Week'
P*?*- jfi&S&mfoL Day*.
OTr 1 '"?^ 1 HFoFrfol^
•l:45f 9:00a fBK££B I:25r3:ao ?
5:15p 10:00a l:50r 3:SO r
1 Ji*5 A T^^y *'&Or »:»•»
in. Jr 3:18 p '.^^Er ¦' 9iBt%9 "*- • :
«0lMiiil slftttyir ? Mjamat Tdr» t, m
TICSir I 62S Majucst ST^fNorth Shore Railrcatfi"
0IOS I *o<i SAV|Aurof iut, Fool Hfjkst 9c
BATLWAY TBA.VEI*
CALIFORNIA
LIMITED TO CHICAGO
LEAVES DAILY
»t 0:30 •• m.. t&roofffc in 3 0*7*.
with dinar and all trapplnx*.
Otbar Saat» 7* Train*}
7:30 a. m.1 t0 ' r Stockton, Fresno. BakertftelA,
9:30 a. m. t Merced. Hanford and Vlsa01a»
8 :GO p. m. J
4:00 p. is. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City, Grand C&ayoa «ad
Chicago.
TICKET O77ICS— 641 Maritt 8U *ad
rerry Depot. S. X*. Also 1113 Broad-
way. Oakland. Ca4. 97 Souti Tint
St., San Joaa.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Trains leave aiwi »r«» due to arrive a6
MAN FRANCISCO.
(Main Line. Toot of Market Street >
i.ht» — yioM i>«c»Mg»aa9. ran. — ami*
'7.00a V%c»»M0i Wtilten. Itmnsey 7.55r
7.00a Bei#!a, aaliua, Elmtraaad S»cr»-
roeato 7.25F
7.30* Vallejo, Xapa, Calistoc*. Saata
ltosa. Martinez, Saa lUmon B-ZSr
740a Nlle», Llvermore, Trscy, Lfttaroft.
Stockton 7.25*
8.00a Shnnn Kxrreis— (Via D*vta>.
\vii!is:nt (for Eartlctt Spr!a;*>.
Willow*, rfrutn. Ked Dlaff.
Portland. Tacoma. Seattle 7.55P
1.00* 0avl». WoodlaaU. KnlgtiU LA.iUias.
Maryivliie. Orovllio 7-55*
8 33* Port Co*rn, Martinez. Autloeo.
Byron. Tracy. StocktoS. New-
man, Los Unnoa. Mendota,
Annona. Una fort. V 1 1 » 1 1 a.
Port«rvtll« ... 4.25*
8-30* Port Costa. Martinet, Tracj. UatOr
rop. Modesto, Merccii. Fre«a<\
Oo«nen Junction. Han ford,
Vlsall*. Hafcer»3e!d 4 55»
1-30* K!Ie», San .lone, LlTcrmore. 3u>ctc-» .
ton. (tMliton). lone. Sacramento,
PlacervUle. MaryiTlile. C'blco,
Ked BlnlT 4TSr
8.30a Otklcdale. Chtneae. .ii>m««tn»a. So-
nor*. Taoiumns aa:L Angels 4.23*
9 00* Atlantic Exprens— OjrteROidftMt. It 2a*
9.30a Richmond. Marttnes and Way
SUUons . I55r
10.00a Tbo Overland Limited — Ogden.
Denver. Oinsh.i, Chicago. 6.25p
10.00a Vallejo 1225*
10.00a Los Antreles Passenger — Port
Costa. Martinez, Byron. Tracy.
Latttrop. Stockton. Merced.
Kaymnnd. Fresno. Goshen .Junc-
tion. Hanford, Lemoore, Vlsaiia.
Bakeriaehl. Los Angeles 7-23*
If.COvr Hajward. Nlles and Way Stations. 32iP
t'.OOr Sacramento lilver 8'eamer* til. OOP
ISQr Benlcla. Winters. Sacramento.
Woodland. Kafgats Landing,
Marysrllle. Orovllla and way
stations..? 10.55*
S.JCr Day ward, Ntles and Way Stations.. 7.55*
330r Port Costa, Martinez. Byron.
Tracy, Lathrop, Modesto,
Merced. Fresno and Way Sta-
tions beyond Port Costa 12-23p
330* Hsrttnes,Trsey. Stockton. Lodl... 10 25a
4 OOr Martlnez.6anltAinon.Vallejo.Napa,
Callstoua. Sftnt»*Rosa. 9 25a
4.00p Ntles. Tracy. Stockton. Lodl 425*
4.30r Uayward. Nlles. Irvtnxton. San I ts.55*.
Joae. Ltvermore "} $1 1.SS*
B.OOi* The Owl Limited— Newman. Loa
Hanoi, Mendota, Fresno. TaUra, * *< '
BakersOeld. Los Angeles.
Golden Sute Limited Sleeper,
Oakland to Los Angeles, for Col-
caso, via C.R.L* P : 8.55*
5.0Or Port Costa. Tracy. Stockton „ 12.25*
tS 30p TTayward. Nlles and San Joao ..... 7.25a
6. 00p Hayward. Ntles and Saa Jose. 9.55.*
S-flOr Eoateim Express— Ogden. Denver.
Omaha, St. Louis. Chicago and
East. Port Costa, Benlcla. 3ul-
sun, Elmlrs, Davis, Saerameota,
Kocklln, Auburn, Colfax.
Traekee. Boca. Reno. Wads-
worth, Wtanemuee* 8-ZSs>
S.OOf Vallejo, dally, except Sunday.... » ¦» ««_
7.0C» Vallejo. Sunday only f *- B8 »
7X0p Klchinond. Han Pablo. Port Costa,
MarUnes and Way SUUoaa . 11.25a
t C5> Oregon * California Express— Sao-
ramento, Msrrsvllle, Reddta*.
Portland , Pnget Sonad sod East. 853*.
. 1.1 Or Ilay ward, Klles sad Saa Jose (Sub- '¦-'
dayonly> 11.81*.
COAST LINE (Aart«w Ua*a-»).
_J <root of Market Street.)
8-1 5a Newark. Oentervtne. San Joae.
Pelton. Bonlaer Creek. Bants
i_-:_ and Way SUUons. S 31*
t*.16r Xewark. CentervtUe. San Josa,
Hew Almaden. Los Gstos.FeUon.
Bonlder Creek, Santa Cms and
Principal Way SUUoos f 10.33*
415* Newark. San Jose, LosGstos and j ta.55 a
,,,. _waystatloBa , )i13 65»
«9 30* Hnaters Trnln. Saturday only. Sen
J«» sad War Stations. Return-
ing from Loa Gato* Sunday only. t7 25*
* -rr.ii l»:00 11:00 a.m. 100 300 5.1Sr.i.
From OAKLAND. Foot of Broadway — 1«:00 13:01
18:05 10:00 a.m. 12 QQ 2 QQ 400 P.M.
COAST LINE (BrM4 tlaase).
t3T^ (Third aqq Towasend 8tr»ets.jt
S-10a 6an Jaae and Way Station* 8~30*
7 00a Ban Jose and Way Stations 5 38*
8.00a New Almaden (Tues., Frtd., evnly), 4-13I 1
8 00a The Coaster— Stopa only San Jose.
Gllroy (Connection for Hollls-
ter). Pajaro, Caatrovllla (c«av
nectlon to and from Moatercy
aadpactnc Grove). Sallnaa. Saa
Ardo. Paso Roblea. Santa Mar-
rartta, San LuU Oblspow piiacipal
stations thence Surf (connection
* . tor Lompoe), principal suttons
thence Sanu Dar&ara,3snBueov
Tcntnra, Sangtjs. Los Anxelcs... 10 4S*>
I.COj San Jose. Tres Plnos, Capltola, .
8antaCro£,Pac!fleGrove,Saltnaa,
San I.nls Obtspo and Principal ¦>* '
,^._ Way Station* 4.19a*
1030* £an Jose and Way Station* 1.20*
lUOi Santa Clara. San Jose. Loa Gatos
and Way Stations , 7-30i»
140r San Jose and Way SUUons ..; .... 8 ,16 a
«±Qr Del Monte Kxpr«M— Santa Clara,
tan Jo*e. Del Montr. Monterey,
Tscinc Orovs (connecu st 3sat»
Clara for Saata Cruz. Boulder
Creek and Narrow Gauge Points)
at Qtlroy for Holllstor. Tres'*' '¦-
--' Piaoa. at CastrnvlUe for Salinas. t2-13»
¦•SO* Trea Plnoa War Passenger. ".....- .in 4Sa
4. 30* »an Jose and Way 8tattona...... 4 .- t«.0flA
16 00* 8an Jose, (via Sanu Clark) Los
Gatos, sad Prlnclprt Wsy «u-
.«,• . «lons (except 8nnday> ....,..;,- r9 00a
«£2* S«»«»os«MdPrlnetpalWayStatlona |t.40>
••tOr ttaaset LUnitwd.— Badwood. Saa I ** u^
Jose, GI!roytSa)laaa,Paao Uobtea.
E»o Luis obl<p». Santa Barbara.
L«a Anicelea. ltemlntr. Kl Pastv
. New Orlrana. Sew York. Coiw
aecu at Pajaro for Saata Crua
and ai CastrovlD* ur Pacific
a* *a. B GrOT «"i w «r Stations |. 1O4
H-iSr EaaMsceo,BeresrorU,Il3lroont,Ssa
Carlos. Redwood. Pair Oaks.
Menlo Park. P»lo Al:o M41}j
• JO 1 - |«n J««e and Way Sunons":.. .I" ™3«U
«f^S F Palo Jllto and Way Stations II 1X1J*
11.30* south san Francisco. M lllbrae. Bor^ IJI1 **
MnKame. 8a« M.ito, Belmoav .
San Carlos. Rodwotd. Fslr Oaks.
i ..,-_» Menlo Park, and ralo Alto.. ...7 0 43,
•11.30* Msylleld. Monnuin View. StiVdV-
vale. Lawrtoce, S«nu Clsra and
San Jose (9.43i
. -A for Morn I n& P for A fieraooa.
1 8«nday excepted. ' I Saaaar only.
« Satnrdar only. • - - * ""*»•
I Stop* at all stations on Sunday. '
fS«^t lT lr *i B i, tUH>P « 1?* V««.cJ» St. son thbont
, . ADVEBTISEMENTS.
§• 4Tearan Rllcock's Porous Plaster in two, lengthwise,' 1
..g r and app^*>n soles-of feet ; s renew.the plaster every time the feet 1
J^w bathed. You will be surprised how it will relieve rheumatism I
}¦ Hit the-; feet or ankles I
i H ¦ " or tirecT or lame; feet jrelief is afforded at once, J
ll 4 *2 Alicock's Plasters arc the original tnd rennine porous plaster* and have never ¦
¦? ¦ t>een equalled as a pain-curer. We cuarante« them to contain no belladonna, opium or 8
'H '¦ *" y P ° 18 - " whalever> Absolutely safe. wonderluHy curative* ; maaoan *> °pra» «* H
B^ Never Accept a Substitute. J
. ADVEBTISEMENTS
f f A MILLION GOOD FELLOWS havo B
{ I >^ learned that "a OASCARET at night H
I' Mff makesyou feel all right— in tho morn- g
f] raf in 8" ! " And they have told other good {§
1 M^S^/^hfaS^^ \w\ fellows, until the eale of CASOAR- H
II TS^Sr "*-' "^ JJaSa ETS Candy Cathartic is over A MIL- 1
1 1 reOTm-fcW__ pg&k LION BOXES A MONTH. Nature |
if ByiSfeSa SJsTW punishes every oxcess.and. over-eat- I
Ij ft i|iis5^ej»!pr jFw iD3t over-drinking-, under-sleepingr 1
II ra£3r!3«j9Q&&lf / result in stomach, liver, kidney and a
fl wfl^^^S' tor bowel troubles that are liable to be- |
I* W com© very serious. It is very unwioe 3
H Biyn9^ r fi W to wait until the digestion is stop- f|
I j TO£fiiaggay If 3 pad, the bowels constipated, the m
I ! v&r§&* / _7 tongne coated, the breath offensive, H
{I "They VfiM^-Lx^^"""""""^ and the nerves tortured with a rack- h
|| makm toSS^ 1^ ' Bic^ headache. To prevent all n
I T'eito an >^ this, take a CASCARET just before y
!] romd." J&A \ groins; to bed, and wake up in the ||
| ! .-rfSSsF' \» Vw morniner feeling- fine anjd dandy, g
\\ S ready for work or play. Best |
II %S for tne Bowels. All drugrerists, m
II sSjr ¦ ImT IOc, 25c, 50c. Never sold in bulb 1 . The genuine M
I Bs&'^^&Alw tablet stamped C O C. Guaranteed to cure or I
If &^^MMw your money back. Sample and booklet free. La
I! U3& ' Address STEELING REMEDY COMPANY, ||
J^&W ANDY CATHARTIC
4 ANNUAL SALE— TEN (BILLION* BOXES I
p Greatest in the World C24 J|OAKLAND, Jan. 15. — The Califor
nia Gas and Electrical Corporation,
which now controls the Oakland Gas,
Light and Heat Company and many
other corporations of "like character,
will move its headquarters from San
Francisco to Oakland on March 1.
This corporation controls many cor
porations In cities outside of San Fran
cisco. -. "
Hank Officials Elected.
OAKLAND, ' Jan. 15.— The State
Savings Bank of this city has elected
the following officials: Directors — J. C.
McMullen, Dudley - Kinsell, W. C.
Moody, J. P- Lanktree and C. H.
Jones; president, J. C. McMullen; vice
president, Dudley Kinsell; cashier, -R.
J. McMullen. J
Set Tire, to Xcw House.
BERKELEY. Jan. 15. — Fire Chief
James Kenney thinks that malicious
persons or a thief looking for tools
set fire to a newly built house at 2504
Etna street, belonging to J. A. Ansley,
early this morning, as the house was
empty and no one had been near It
for several days. The fire broke out
at 2 o'clock. It caused about 5300
damage.
Baptista Will Recover.
OAKLAND. Jan. 15.— Joseph Bap
tista, who took carbolic acid because
his bride of a few months "deserted
him, will not die and Is on the high
road to recovery.
Napa Patient Recaptured.
OAKLAND, Jan. 16;— J., M: Brown,
who escaped from the State Hospital
at Napa yesterday, recaptured tb
dav in this city and taken back to the'
institution.
Crusade for Clean Streets.
OAKLAND. Jan. 15. — A dozen ar
rests of persons charged with throw
ing rubbish In the. streets were made
to-day by the police as the result of
Mayor Olney's orders that • municipal
ordinances covering street : cleanliness
shall be enforced.
Would" Sever Ties.
OAKLAND. Jan.- 1Z. — Suit for <Ji
vcrc? ves begun to-day by Beniah
Dunham, a millwright, against Sarah
M. Dunham op. the ground of cruelty.
Mir,r.:o Molitor has risked the courts
for a divorce from George Molitor on
th*» pround of#crueity.
OAKLAND, Jan. 16. — Dr. A. J.
Powell of Haywards was given an or
der of court to-day for a $2000 life
Insurance policy taken out by the late
Captain A. R. Miller in the Railway
Employes' Association. Miller's fam
ily made a claim for the Insurance,
but it was shown that the doctor's
ctaim was a legal one, the policy hav
ing been issued in his name.
Powell Gets Ii
OAKLAND, Jan. 15. — Sapho Rosen
kranz of Germany was to-day appoint
ed executor of the estate of his father,
the late Dr. Gustav, Rosenk of this
city. It required some explanation
and much interpreting to prove that
tho relationship existed. Rosenkranz
raid he had not seen his father' for
forty years before his death.
The estate is valued at about $50,
000. Three-fourths of it go to rela
tives in Germany, while the remain
der is distributed to friends of the de
ceased living here. The late doctor
dropped the last four letters of his
name as a matter of convenience when
he came to this country.
Sapho Ilosenkranz of Germany Proves
That lie Is a Son of the ;
Deceased.
IS APPOINTED EXECUTOR .
OP DR. ROSE-VK'S ESTATE
BERKELEY. Jan. 13.— The West
Berkeley Savings Bank has been or
granizod by a ' number of Berkeley
business men ar.d will open its doors
as soon as a suitable place for it can
b<» obtained. The directors have pur
chased the property of the Emery
ville .Savings Bank, which recently re
tired from business. These directors
are M. P. W. Alboe. Francis Ferrier,
O. A. Wander and \V. H. Waste. Mr.
Albee is president of the new* enter
prise.
Bank for West Berkeley.
OAKLAND, Jan. 15. — City Attorney
McElroy- has filed a brief In the Supe
rior Court attacking the Injunction
proceedings brought by Owens, Varney
& Green, who are fighting the city or
dinance which prohibits the mainte
nance of billboards higher than ten
feet. The City Attorney contends that
the injunction is not a proper proced
ure. . 'i
Opposes Billboard Fight.
ALAMEDA. Jan. IB. —Minnie Moli
tor of this city commenced suit to-day
for a divorce from George Molitor on
the ground of cruelty. They were
married here in 18S6 and have three
children. It is alleged by the plain
tiff that her husband came home
drunk at times and threatened her
life. Mrs. Molitor asks for the com
munity property and custody of the
children. 'C''
' ¦ ¦ ' : ¦' • "- ' ' ' .j.
assisted the hostess In: receiving and both
were elegantly gowned—Mrs. Laymance In a
very becominr champagne colored -samite
cloth rote and Mrs. Davis In a fetching pink
cown of crepe de chine. The, hostess- herself
wm unusually attractive In A pretty light
gray crepe de chine. • Mrs. Lausanour wore a
handsome tan colored crepe trimmed with
spangled lace, and Mrs. Leven's gown was of
ciel blue rr.ulle ever taffeta.
Mrs ' Laurie Adams, who has been 111 for
some time, was able to be present to-day and
was very stunning in a brown cloth gown,
with a handsome fur hat. stole collar and
muff. Mrs. J". Walter Scott's beautiful chin
chilla furs were also much admired, her dress
belntr a modish mixed brown and gray.
Mrs Burbank wore an-elegant, black toilet
Rnd Mrs. J. Warde Eaton's brown cloth gown
with trimmings of geranium scarlet was ;nuch
a Mrs C T. Mills waa a distinguished guest
to-day.and divided the honors \rith her former
PU The' residence was attractively decorated.
i red ' ribbons, berries and carnations entering
Into' the general tcheme.
Several of the ladles present remained to
dinner and were Joined by their respective
hustands. and cards and dancing finished a
very pleasant day.^ . , ¦ , :
BERKELEY. Jan. 15.—Th9 Lc-^Wa fhsta
Phi Sorority will give a dar.ee Friday evening
in the Town and Gown Club. The members are
devoting this day to the decoration of the hall
in anticipation of the < affair. They are the
MIsEea-Mary Downey. Elinor Merrill. Ruth
G-ecn Adelaide Bangs, .Louise Eastman, -Vesta
rolbv Alice : Powell; Esther .Merrill.; Ethel
¦vVekion and Rowena EJston. 1- . •
reception was given by. the members.of
the" South Berkeley Presbyterian Church last
niKht to the Rev. R.S. Eastman, who recently
accented a call .to the church. 'An informal
programme of, music; was given during tho
"^Tne 1 Ladles' Aid Society of the First Baptist
Church gave a social in the parlors of the
church this evening. The guests of the society
! were entertained by a programme of music and
I dramatic readings. Mrs. J. M. Pierce, was the
-^Ttie*" Intermediate Society of the .^Trinity
Methodist Church : entertained Us friends' this
evening In the church parlors. After an ad
dress by. the president Miss Eva McClure.' a
programme of mu«>Ic and literary numbers was
given.'the contributors being Mies May Behm.
pianist: Mrs. E; C. Lee. soprano; Miss McClure
elocutionist: ;Mlss : Curton, pianist; Mrs. Hill,
elocutionist. •' '
Says Husband Is Cruel.
OAKLAND, Jan. 15. — Francisco
Nunez, tho only leper in Alameda
County, who has been living in a small
outhouse at the County Infirmary for
years, died there to-day and will be
buried in the infirmary cemetery.
Nunez came from Livermore and has
been at trie infirmary since 1902. He
was unmarried and without friends or
relatives.
Infirmary Ijeper Dies.
BERKELEY, Jan. 15. — Mrs. Rhoda
Amanda Dickele, aged 57 years, and
Frederic Mitchell, aged 62 years, were
married last evening by Justice of the
Peace Edgar at his home in South
Berkeley. The ceremony was wit
nessed by the daughter and son-ih-
Iajy of the bride. Mr. and Mrs. Abra
ham Lester. The couple will reside
in Los Angeles, the groom being a
retired business man of that city.
Never Too Old to Marry.
The small ."'at home" given by Mrs. Gilbert
Leonard Curtlss this afternoon was a very de
lightful. affair/ Mrs. William. Uaugenour or
Woodland and ; Mrs.* William 8. Leven of Ore
gon, .the .guests ,of, honor, are - both charming
woman and as callers 'were nearly all old col
lege-friends th» reunion was a most. pleasant
one.-,..* V-'.;- rr ••:¦.¦/•¦ .' •- „¦>.¦-. .-\ --«>>»».
•- Mrs. M. J. Laymance and Mrs. E. R. Davis
' Mrs. A. B. Larkey entertained a few friends
quite ¦ Informally 'this', afternoon, in honor of
her slster-ln-law. Mr*. J. B. Tregloan of Arn
ador. who : Is . here on a - visit.' -- The r - artistic
Webster-street cottage * was charmingly deco
rated and a: game of five -hundred served^ to
pass the time very pleasantly: The prizes
were won by Mrs. H. 8. Kergan, Mrs. J f n
Webber and Miss Eva Yorker. About sixteen
guesta enjoyed Mrs. Larkey's hospitality.
i Several large functions will engage the at
tention of society devotees to-morrow— the
big '•tea" which Mrs. David Rae Is -giving at
the Metropole. \Mrs.. Murry Johnson's recep
tion for Miss Scupham. a card party In tho
afternoon afc Miss "Alma Brown's and another
in the evening at' Miss Florence White's home
In liast Oakland. The affair at Miss White's
will Include the men too. so It Is sure to be a
pleasant and -brilliant event.. ; Four of the
brides-to-be — Miss .Burdge. Miss Moore -Mlsa
Boone 'and Miss Barry— are the honored ones "
April 11 is the date Alerted for the annual
whist tournament at Maple Hall It- will as
usual, be 'a*, very elaborate affair. '
The following - committees . have been ap
polntf.-d: I Prizes — Mrs.'; Premiss- Selby Mrs
Oscar Lunlng. Mrs. J. A.: Folger Mrs Charles
Clift. Mrs. James • Nelson ;.. chairs — Mrs E
Kemillard. Mrs. Hugh Hogan; cards— Mrs'
Robert: Moore, ;Mrf.. Charles Smith; badges
Mrs. Ernest* Folgcr;' tickets — Mrs. Reml
Chabot. Mrs.' J.;H. P.'. Dunn: printing— Mrs
Wallace Everspni committee of arrangements— 1
Mrs. R. W. McChesney. Mrs. Hugh Hogan and
Mrs. S. A. O'Nell. . . , ••-.
Miss Marian GoodfMlqw is expected home
ontho Korea, which. Is due here January °3
Miss Goodfellow has been In -the Orient for
several months, and as she Is excetdincly
popular her return will doubtless be the sienal
for much entertaining in her honor Her
mother. Mrs. \v. S.\ Goo'dfellow. is plnn'nlne a
large reception for the 20th. at which the wan
derer's friends will have an opportunity to
welcome her home. ¦»¦¦.-..
f xW 1 , M . rS - , Murr 7 L - Johnson's home,
for Ml«s G^raldlne Scupham, premises" to be a
brilliant affair. About two- hundred guests
have been Invited. The receiving party in
cludes: Mrs. James Sheppard Jenks. Mrs
James A. ' Johnson, Mrs. F. E Wells Mr*'
F. A. Webster. Mrs. F..M. Hurd Dr C v'
Iluckle. Mi s <r-G:. B. Playter. Mis« Elizabeth
pW 1 ?! • MI £», G , er ? I 2 lne Scu P h »m. Miss Anna
Finch. M(as Ethel Johnson.
Miss Florence Taylor entertained a small
five hundred club yesterday, the prize belnir
won by-MUs Julia Hummers. 8
OAKLAND, Jan. 15.— The I.lnda Vista Club,
which is now In Its eleventh year of good
fellowship, was entertained last evening by
a ? d J m7"-, £ dward M - w »«sh at dinner.
Their beautiful home, on Monte Vista avenue
was prettily decorated, the dining table being
especially attractive. Rod carnations, maiden
hair and asparagus ferns were gracefully ar
rnn K ed on the large round table, on which
covers were, laid for the entire club
After dinner the members enjoyed their
usual Kam e O f whist, the heavy «i& er forks
71 v »• ?'u ay w *' VPn aB prlzea heln * won
y Thi r -T^5"" h (.. Mr8 -^ VlRgIns nnd-Mr. Coffin.
The I.Jnda VIbu Club membership consists
of Mr and Mrs. John I). Eby. Mr. and Mrs.
K. B. FHnt. Mr. and Mrn. Samuel J. Tavlor.
Mr. and Mr*. W. F. Kelly. Mr and Mrs
Mr^"lnh ""A M £"'. Jan "V- WlBRlns, Mr. and
Mm.. John A Brltton. Dr. and Mrs. E. L.
\. v A r v« nd «"• B ; ii Cotton ' Mr - and Mrs 
»a M C0ffl J'' S , Ir ' * n(1 Mrs - E. A. Heron. Mr.
and Mrs. Frank Hutler, Mr. and Mrs. George
H. Ismon.- Mr. and Mrs. Gilbert L. Belcher
BERKEX.ET. Jan. 15. — President Wheeler
has appointed Nathan Moran his private secre
tary pending the readjustment of matters en ac
count of the McKowen defalcation and the se
lection of a successor to the late secretary.
Victor Henderson Is now acting secretary and
unlecs he is elected secretary by the Board of
Regents- he will return to his old position, as
President Wheeler # a secretary as soon as a
university secrttaiy Is chosen. While a student
Moran was a newspaper man, fraternity mem
ber and an ofticer In the cadet regiment. He
has lately been a practicing attorney In San
Francisco. '• „ .
In order to accommodate the fire fighters
lately chosen from among the students and
the apparatus with which they will fight, a
house 1» al\>ut to be built on the alope near the
mtulns building. '
Forestry Commissioner Schreck, who repre
sents the German Government at the St. Ixmls
fixiKJHltlon was a guest at the university yes
terday. He wa« particularly Interested in the
agricultural department, about which he was
shown by Professor Htlgard. _
The. rebates to students that have been held
up tor more than a month on account of (ho
McKowen Incident are now being paid to stu
dents at the secretary's offlce.
Professor E. AV. lillsard. dean of the agri
cultural department, will be relieved ot a large
part 'of his usual work during the corning rIx
months In order that he may continue writing
a book on agricultural subjects, which he began
some time ago. He will continue, the active
management of the department, but ' will' not
deliver any lectures.
The .Association of Electrical Engineers elect
ed the following named efflcers ot a meeting
last night: President, Stanley Walton, 'iM;
vice president. G. U. WatRon. '04; secretary.
I, W Sloiter, '04; .executive committee. R.
Thelen and W. G. B. Euler; director Journal of
Technology. C. W. Pharer.
The Glee Club held a meeting in Stiles 'Hall
last Wednesday jil*?ht and decided to hold try
outs for new singers in the same hall en the
evenings of January 20 and January 27. . '
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
¦ The saloon men of Oakland do not
object to the day off. proposition, but
•they do object to putting a strange
man behind their bars for one or two
days a week. The Saloon-keepers'
Association has announced to their
bartenders that if the day a week off
is forced upon them they will make
that day off Sunday and that they will
close all saloons on that day.
OAKLAND, Jan. 15. — Sunday clos
ing advocated by the saloon men
themselves Is the latest develop
ment of the , contest now on be
tween the saloon-keepers and the Bar
tenders' Union. The saloon men have
threatened that if the barkeepers per
sist in their demands for one day a.
"week off they will close on Sunday.
Assert Tliat If Karieepers Persist In
Demand for Day Off Places
Will Be Locked.
SALOON' 31 KX THREATEN'
TO CLOSE UP SUNDAY
OAKLAND. Jan. 15. — The Board of
Public Works this afternoon called for
bids, to be filed January 22, for plant
ing of American elms on Telegraph
avenue, from Twentieth street to the
northern boundary of the city. The
tree* will be planted sixty-five feet
apart, -407 being required.^. H. B. Me-
Gowan was elected assistant head gar
dener of public parks over John Mc-
Hugh, who got Commissioner McEl
roy's vote. Bids of G. A. Scott, $7777,
and E. H. Lake, 5S223. for construc
tion of the new chemical fire engine
house on Santa Clara avenue were re
ferred to Chief Engineer Bail. The
City Council's appropriation Is 55000
and an effort will be made to bring the
figures within the appropriation.
In Hoard of Public Works.
BERKELEY, Jan. 15. — Lookout
Mountain Post and Lookout Mountain
Women's Relief Corps installed of
ficers last evening in Woodman Hall,
an interesting ceremony accompany
ing. Past Commander Lamp installed
the following named officers of the
post:
Commanfler, Charles T. Kerns; sen
ior vice commander, J. A. Thompson:
junior vice commander, Henry Ayer;
chaplain. Captain X. L. Freeze; adju
tant. Thomas Gilbert; officer of the
day, John Clough; officer of the guard,
David Polhemus; surgeon, G. A. Shep
ard; quartermaster, J. R. Ayer.
Mrs. Cora Merritt. department
counselor, assisted by Mrs. Waltz as
conductor. installed the following
named officers of the relief corps, the
ceremony being carried out with the
assistance of the flag service; Presi
dent. Mrs. Mattie A. Le Furge; senior
vice president, Martha Wilde; Junior
vice president. Maude Cunningham:
chaplain. Pearl M. Baum; secretary.
Sarah Gilbert; treasurer, Christina
Anloff; conductor, Belie Payso; guard,
Harriet Miller; assistant conductor,
Lida Smith; assistant guard. Hannah
Polhemus; patriotic instructor, O.
Belle Arnold; • press correspondent,
Amy W. Hamlin; musician, Kate L.
Coady; color bearers, Delia Gilbert,
Laura B. Nelson. Alfrida Neilson, Sa
die Ackerman.
Lookout Mountain Post and Women's
Kclicf Corps Join In Ceremonies
• at Woodman Hall.
GRAND ARMY COMMANDS
INSTALL THEIR OFFICERS
Sergeant Clark has been a member
of the police force since October, 1893,
when he was appointed a
The following January Clark was en
rolled as a regular patrolman, a posi
tion he held until June, 1899, when he
was promoted to be sergeant. Having
fallen in disfavor politically, Clark was
selected. In October. 1901. for decapita
tion, but the Boarti of Police Commis
sioners was persuaded to limit its
OAKLAND, Jan. 15. — Patrolman
Charles E. Clark was to-day promoted
to be Bergeant of police by the Board
of Police and Fire Commissioners.
This action restores Clark to the rank
he held three years ago, before he was
reduced, for political reasons, by a
former board.
In abeyance is the appointment of a
successor to the late Policeman James
H. Smith, the Commissioners having
not agreed on the man.
action to a reduction. Sergeant Clark
stands as one o* the most competent
men in the police, department.
This . action to-day Is the second
step the present Board of Police Com
missioners has taken toward a re
organization of the police, department.
For the first • time Bince Clark's re
duction there are two sergeants avail
able for emergency, work, as well as
patrol supervision of policemen on their
beats. Police officers say a third ser
geant could.be used to excellent ad
vantage, a sergeant being much more
mobile than a patrolman confined to
the limits of a beat.
There "was no objection, Mayor Ol
ney explained, to the West Oakland
Athletic Club, but he did protest
against the number of fights permit
ted in a month.
Commissioners Turner and. McEl
roy voted to grant the permit. Tur
ner contended .that the City Council
had passed along the question of fights
to the Commissioners and that if the
Council did not want fights to go on
It should repeal the ordinance.
The Mayor thought that the or
dinance gave the board discretion.
"I should have vetoed the ordinance
if I had believed it did not place dis
cretionary powers in the board," said
the Major.
OAKLAND) Jan. 15. — Mayor Olney
voted to-day in the Police Board
against granting the West Oakland
Athletic Club a 'permit 'to hold a box
ing contest on January 1V>. His Honor
said he objected because there had
been granted already two permits for
other club fights this month, and he
thought three fights a month were
too many for Oakland.
Objects to Granting of Application on
the Grouiid of Many Contests
During Month.
MAYOR OUTVOTED AS
TO FIGHT PERMITS
M. H. and Rom Kllbourn to Marie d« Font
vine, lot beginning at Intersection of Vicente
'street with N" line of Miranda. E 75. N 10S,
W 73, S lfQ. portion of lota « and (3, block G.
Vicente Peralta Reservation Tract. Oakland,
warranty deed; $10.
* Louis D. Reeb (single) to Percy B. . Preble,
lot on S line of Thirtieth or Campbell stre«t.
227:« W of ffmt,.W 37:6 by S 140. portion of
lot 7 and portion of lot S, Mock B, map pt
Whltcher and • Brockhurst Tract* Oakland:
$10. ->; : »
Ira and Charlotte A. Vanghan to Minnie E.
Reltey (widow), lot on R line of Eighth), street.
120 K of Klrkham. E 29 by S 146:5. block 533.
Bmrdmt.i'» map. Oakland: $10.
Stephen G. a-.<1 Emma II. Nw to Albert
Alder. lots 313 to SIR. block V.' Bealah Park
property. East Oakland: also; strip- .9 feet wide
bordering; on the W line of said lota 315 and
31ft, East Oakland: $10.
I Rosamonde Lundy (wife 1 of E. A.) to Caro
line Qulatera (wife , of Jerome), lot on N Itnn
of Cameron street.. 180 E of Winter at Inter
section of raid line of street on subdivision 11.
Cameron Tract. E 4O by N 80. portion of sub
division of block 11, Cameron Tract. East Oak
land" also lot en N line of Cameron street. 123
NE from SW comer of blocK 11, E 53 by N 80.
East Oakland: $10. ¦•
J or Jacob Gol«lber* ft>y Sol B. Goldberg.
attorney) to Julia H. Bradley, all interest ae
aaired under 7S6 D. 273. entire fractional block
«. bounded N by .E Tenth street, E by ThirJ
avenue S by Ea«e Ninth and bay of San Fran
cisco and W by Second avenue. East Oakland.
excepting that portion of said • block describe.1
a'n follows: Beginning at NE corner of raid
Wock. thenco NW 100. S 240. E100. XE 240.
Ea«t Oakland; $1.
\Vllh#ta and Florentine de St. Paul Sen* to
Mary T5 Harleson (wife of C. il.). lots 2O to 22.
map Red Rose Tr«ct. Brooklyn Township; $L>.
(f v? Lwngnn to Johanna Beddlg. lot on E
line" of Fruttval* avenue. 277.20 N of Hopkins
¦rr»»r NT' 170.94 /to land of O, D. Plnneo. SE
<W1 SW TIT 14. NW 64:«. SW 57.SO. NW 20C:8
to Wlnnlm. Broelclyn Township; $10.
Edith and H«sry Boyle ihosband) to Zeila
Chrlstensen (wife nf Herman), lot on W lin« of
Sherman street 275 S of Railroad avenue. S 25
by \v ISO. lot 20. -block 29. Homestead of Mary
A-Flteh. Atameda; $1O.
Antonio Josephs to May Doyle. Joseph Fields.
Clara Gogel. Minnie Fields (equal share*), all
Interest In lot on S lire of Seventh street. 75 W
of Harrison. W 25 by S 75. b»ln« M « of lot 1 ».
block Ki Keller?berg?r"s map.- Oakland: also
all Interest In property of estate of Rosa Field
Josephs, deceased: sift. •
¦ -M and Eliza Rlnehart to Lnuls D. Reeb (sln
clej' lo» on JJ line of Edwards street. 2CO E of
Tele\rrarh avenue. E CO by N 123. lot 5. map
Pacific Theological Seminary Tract. Oakland;
sio. 4a *ji' »> '' i i'M»nrf'< ii ¦frm#"* n 7 uiiwwf»*
Calvin A. tfnd Calvin R. Shaw and Annie E.
Shaw to Sanford A. LUrir.s. lot on N lln» ot
Felton or Rlxty-thlni street. 87 E of Htr»?g,
E 33 by N 120\ Oakland; $10.
Manuel and Clarp Joseph to Antonio X. Bet
tencourt. lot on S line of Dutton avenue at
NW corner of land conveyed to Ftank Cal
houn 164 D. 168. thence NE 40 by SW 110k
Erooklyn TownshiD: grant.
Zlpporah Whit* (Frank) (widow) to J. 9,
Herrick. lot on N line of Pacific avenue. XXA.T.%
W 'rora dividing line between Aughlnbaugh
?2*i-acre tract and Chlpman West lll-acr«
tract. W SO by N 150. portion lots 30 and SI.
map of portion of Meet* property. Alamrda:
$1O.
Frarciscka and Mlkal O>en to Thereiia A.
Gorham (wife of William J.). lot on SW corr.fr
of Chestnut street, and Alameda arenue, W 34
by S 150. block 0. Bartlett 50-acre Tract. Ala
meda ; $10.
Alameda Savings Bank 'corporation) ti
George. K. Sullivan, lot on SW line, of Central
avenue. 1O4.1 SE of High street. SE 50 by SW
125-6. Hawley Tract. Alameda; $1O.
John Whalrn (tingle) to John J. Ramos and
Joseph T. Renas. lot on \V line of Third iitree*
ISO a ot ITnlverslty avenue. S CO hy W 133. lot
7. block 92. tract R. Berkeley Land and Town
Improvement Association. Berkeley; $10.
Lyman M (or W.) Fairbanks to Sarah I*
Fairbanks, lots 10 to 12. block B, Edith Tract
Berkeley; -$10. ¦
D. n. McPherson to Henry Rnedy. lot 31.
block E. map of Melrose Station Tract, Brook
lyn TownshiD; *U».
Susanna I-. E.l*ar (administratrix estat* cf
James Edgar) to Mark T. A*ht>y. all interest in
lot on N" line of Marlposa avenue, or whera B
boundary line of Mrs. Ann HolmeV land Inter
sects with same, thence N 133.B. E 49:9'. 9 13.1
W 62:7, portion Brumajrln Tract. Oakland- H2.V
B. A. and Dolores Schloh to Leonard Fossa/,
lot beginning 24(» E from SE corner of Mtlbury
and Spring- streets. E along S line of Mllburv
120 by S 205. lots 6 and «. block 13. Cameron
Tract. Highland Park. East Oakland: gitt.
Mountain View Cemetery Association (cor
poration) to Emily L. Higglna (widow) lot
in remeterv, Oakland Township; $120.
Georgianna de Ft. Baronldls to Frank Con
nors, lot ie. block 13. map of Horn* Park
Tract. Berkeley; $10.
A. and Emille Geandrot (Duehrany to Joseph
P. and Mary Caroline Kin*, lot on W Una of
Wocd 8tre«t. 60 N of Atlantic. N 25 by W 10t>
lot .1 and portion of lot 32. bl<jrlc S3 map lanj
on Oakland Point Kallroad . Ferry Landing
tract 40*. Oakland; $1O.
Frank II. Graham (single) to William H.
Hrfrfjy. lot on S line of Ninth Mreet, 127:8 W
of Grove. W 22:0 by 8 10O. portion of lot 12.
block l»3. Kellerbersrer's map. Oakland; $1<X
Same to John Ghlrllottt. let on NW corner of
Telegraph avenue and Flfty-ftfth street. N .*»
by W 10O. lot 27. Drexler Tract. Onklan.l: fUC,
Same to Annte Peterson (wife of Kddy). lot
on K line of West street. 25 S of Thirty -«ev
enth. S 23 by E lOO.ns. lot 13. block A. map
Major Given Tract. Oakland: $10.
William W. and Thomas W. Patterson (ex
ecutors estate of John V. Patterson) to Samuel
Curtis, lot on W line of Teletrraph avenue as «t
present established. ICO N" of Sycamore street.
N. 30:4. by W ISO. portion plat 2. K«!!craber.
Rers map Ranches V. and D. Peralt*. Oakland;
521^0.
A. S. Daarte (single) to M. S. Duarte, nnfll
?ided half Intercut in lota 1. 2 and N 6 fe«t of
lot 3. block 1. map northern addition to town
of Ijvtnnorf, Murray Township: $200.
Charles A. and Is&ura Schmltt to Morris
Frledland«r. let on N line of Twenty-eljthth
meet. 102 W of Union. W 23 by N ICO, Oak
land: »3.
Alameda County.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
OAKLAND. Jan. 15.— Rev. Father
Powers of Livermore was appointed
guardian to-day of Lillian and Norma
Hill, the children of Mrs. Lena Hill,
the woman tramp, arrested for ma
licious mischief .at Livermore and now
serving a thirty days' sentence in the
County Jail. They will be sent to St.
Joseph's Home in San Francisco.
While the hearing of the case was
in progress Mrs. Agnes B. Sheppard
made a protest against the appoint
ment of Father Powers on the ground
that she had sent her two children to
St. Joseph's Home and they had be
come covered with sores. From the
testimony only her two children were
affected that way and the Judge stated
that he saw no reason for taking no
tice of the fact. Father Powers was
appointed forthwith and his bond fixed
at ?10.
Father Powers of Uvermore Is Given
the Custody of Ulllan and . .
t Norma Hill.
GUARDIAN FOR CHILDREN*
OF TIIE WOMAN* TRAMr
OAKLAND, Jan. 15. — The tunnel
road between Oakland and Walnut
Creek has proved a big success from
the point of view of the residents of
the San Ramon Valley side of the Con
tra Costa hills and is in first-class con
dition. This Is the information that
was brought to Oakland to-day by W.
A. Rogers of Walnut Creek, who was
one of the principal advocates of the
tunnel road from the Contra Costa
side of the hills.
"The tunnel road has proved very
popular." said Mr. Rogers. "The peo
ple of the San Ramon Valley consider
it a great advantage, for it gives them
ns easy grade through to Oakland. We
have b<»en fighting for this for years
arid it brings us into closer and bet
ter communication with the bay. It
not only gives an outlet for the pro
ducts of the center of Contra Costa
County, but we believe that next year
it will bring us a great deal of sum
mer business of the tourist variety.
People do not know what a beautiful
district the San Ramon Valley is in
summer. The road is well constructed
upon each side and has stood the first
winter in good shape."
What San Ramon Valley People
Think of Highway.
\V. A. Rotors of Walnut Creek Tells
TUNNEL ROAD AN AID TO
CONTRA COSTA RESIDENTS
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway, Jan. 15.
Suit for divorce, on the ground of
desertion, was begun to-day by Dr.
Clarence M. Selfirfdge against Fannie E.
Selfridge. He also asks the court for
the custody of their 9-year-old daugh
ter. Mrs. Selfridge. ft Is stated, la
now living In San "Francisco.
They were married in this city In
1833. She was formerly Miss Fannie
E. Scott, and came from Sonoma
County, where her family Is well
known. The plaintiff Is the son of Dr.
J. A. Selfridge of this city, .and was
connected with his father In the con
duct of his practice here. Dr. Grant
Selfridge, a brother. Is a Sap Fran
cisco oculist.
To the Intimate acquaintances of the
SelCridge family this termination of
their affairs does not come as a sur
prise. They broke up their home In
East Oakland about a year ago. and
Mrs. Selfridge left Oakland, going to
San Francisco, while he took their
child and went to live with his parents.
The cause of the separation is not
known. /
Dr. Clarence 31. Selfridge Asks
Conrt to Sever His Marriage
and Give Him Minor Child
The pilfering Is of books, hatpins,
ribbons, lunches and any of the little
trinkets that happen to be out of the
owner's) sight for a moment.
Petty thievery that has been going
on for. a long time at the Berkeley
High School prompted the principal.
Morris C. Jamer;, to call the students
together this morning and warn them
that examples would be made of the
culprits if they continued to prey upon
their fellows. But worst of all was
the statement by the principal that it
Is girl students who <lo the most thiev
ing, their own sex being the victims of
their persistent work.
"This stealing has been going on long
enough," he said, "and the culprits are
known to some of us and future of
fenses will be punished severely. It
is a terrible reflection on the Berkeley
High School that thieves are among
the students, but what will people say
when I say that the pilfering is more
common among the girls than the boys.
Those who do it are a discredit to their
cex and if they are caught dismissal
and disgrace will follow.
"We have set watches and proved
conclusively that it is students and not
outsiders who steal. Some c-f your pa
rents have complained to me about it,
and now I propose to stop It."
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, Jan. 15.
The report will cover all of the
recommendations of the committee
touching the proposition of a muni
cipal water supply, street, park and
general improvements, including a new
City Hall and increased facilities for
the Fire Department. The documents
are very, voluminous, and present the
many subjects for the 'Council's con
sideration in much detail.
This is the first definite announce
ment that has come from any official
source concerning the condition of the
committee's report and the time when
it would be ready for the City Coun
cil's consideration.
. Mayor Olney told his fellow Commis
sioners 'jihat Councilman Howard had
exhausted many weeks of diligent labor
in. the work of preparing the report.
Until it shall have been officially laid
before the Council, the report, in none
of its general or . particular recom
mendations, will be made public.
Closest secrecy has been observed In
this connection, . especially concerning
the municipal water supply matter.
John *L. Howard, will submit its re
port on Monday evening to the City
Council. ,The Mayor made this state
ment at the meeting of the Board of
Public Works this afternoon.
• His Honor has been in close touch
with r the special committee and has
been keenly Interested in furthering
the work. as rapidly as a careful and
laborious study of the many projects
in view would permit. •.
Mayor' Olney has announced that the
report ofy the special committee on
bonds, headed by City Councilman
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Jan. 15.
Professor F. M. .McMurray of Colum
bia University will lecture on educa
tion, a subject that attracts many
teachers to the summer session every
year. R. A. Daly of the Geological
Survey of Canada will instruct in phy
sical geography.
Professor Arthur A. Stanley of the
University of Michigan will give a
course in music. The history depart
ment will have Professor E. J. Turner
of the University of Michigan, whose
subject will be "American History";
Professors H. Morse- Stephens and
Bernard Moses of California- In Eng
lish there wijl be Professor Francis B.
Gummere of Haverford College and
Hammond Lamont, editor of the New
York Evening Post.
The Romanic languages will be
taught by Professor F. de Haan of
Bryn Mawr College. Spanish; Professor
Charles F. Grandgent of Harvard Uni
versity, Italian. Professor B. L. Gildefr
sleeve of Johns Hopkins University
will instruct Jn Latin, besides whom
there will be in this subject Professor
W. A. Merrill of California.
First of these is Sir William Ramsay
of London, the most distinguished of
Hying chemists, whose discoveries of
a number of gases in the air and ex
periments with radium have given him
fame. His lectures will be upon the
exploration of the gases of the at
mosphere.
No less famous in his particular de
partment of research is Professor Hugo
de Vries of the University of Amster
dam, who will lecture on botany. The
Dutch scholars in botany are in ad
vance of all others, and Professor de
Vries is first among them, this rank
having been attained through his dis
coveries.
President Wheeler announced to-day
the names of the men who will give
instruction at the next summer session
of the University of California. The
list contains the names of men noted
in their departments of study and in
vestigation, and two of them are
world-famous investigators of Europe,
who have consented to come to Cali
fornia to teach. Their consent was se
cured by Professor Leon J. Richardson,
dean-elect of the summer session,
through correspondence and a trip to
the East, from which he has Just re
turned.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2143 Center Street, Jan. 15.
Dr. Edward R. Taylor, dean of Has
tings Law Col'.ese. and F. W. Dohr
mann. a Regent, were the speakers.
Dr. Taylor pleaded for strength of char
acter among men, which is needed now
because Of the growing contempt of
constituted authorities and the greed
for money. Mr. Dohrmann's theme was
••Success." which •>« said was to be
obtained by the tool of knowledge. The
thing itself he defined as the ability to
live comfortably, to maintain a home
and to attain pome distinction In one's
calling, no matter what it happens
to be.
"The lamentable position of the late
secretary." he said, "was due to his
unfortunate passion for gambling- He
has not only brought disgrace upon
himself, but his friends and the univer
sity. There is nothing to be got by
gambling. The money that comes eas
ily goes easily and soon brings its de
votee to ruin. The only money that
is of any account is that earned by
labor."
The SIcKoiren defalcation furnished
President TVheeler a theme for his ad
dress at the first university meeting
of the new term this morning. He
¦warned the students against gambling,
which ruins many men.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2US Center Street, Jan. 15.
SAYS HIS WIFE
DESERTED HIM
Chairman John L. Howard Ex
\ hausts Many Weeks of Labor
in His Work of Preparation
Pilfering of Books,* Hatpins
• and Other ; Things Raises
Ire of- the Victims* Parents
Sir William Ramsay, Famous
Chemist, and Hugo de Vries,
Great Botanist, Among Them
Regent F. W. Dohrmann and
Dr. Edward R. Taylor Talk
About Success and Character
COVERS A WIDE RANGE
KNOWS THE CULPRITS
PROMINENT MEN SPEAK
PRESIDENT GIVES NAMES
President Wheeler Addresses
Students, Tolling Them That
TIipv Must Eschew Gambling
Morris C. James, Principal
of Berkeley High School,
Warns Thieving Students
Professor L. J. Richardson
Engages Instructors for
University Summer School
Mayor OInoy Announces That
Special Committee Will
File Document Monday Night
Police Officer Reduced to Patrolman- for
Political Reasons Is Again Advanced
and ihe Reorganization Commences
DISTINGUISHED
MEN TO TEACH
READS A LESSON
FROM M'KOWEN
BOND REPORT
NEAR AT HAND
BOARD RESTORES CLARK
TO RANK OF SERGEANT
SAYS THE GIRLS
PREY ON GIRLS
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
THE SAN FRANCISCO l CALL, 'SATURDAY, -JANUARY 16, 190*.
OAKLAND PATROLMAN. WHO HA3 BEEN MADE A SERGEANT OF
POLICE. THE RANK HELD BY HIM WHEN HE WAS REDUCED
BY AN UNFRIENDLY BOARD IN 1D01.
Marriage licenses t
OAKLAND, Jan. 15.— The following
marriage licenses were Issued by the
County Clerk to-day: Robert L. Wil
liams. 31, Chicago, and Florence Mer
ryatt, 26, Oakland; Clifford P. Brown,
26. and Lulu' A. Hayes, 20, both of
Oakland.
OAKLAND,' Jan. 15.— The directors
of the Home, for the Adult Blind In
this city \have_ notified the State Board
of Examiners that they desire to pay
their proportion of the improvement
of "Telegraph avenue, north of Thirty
sixth street.
Want Improvements.
'ALAMEDA. Jan. 15. — George Joost,
son of Martin Joost, a local merchant,
and Miss Emma Zarrell. daughter of
Mr. and 'Mrs; H. Zarrell of 611 Santa
Clara avenue, were married at San
Jose on Monday. The parents of the
young pair ! received the Information
of the wedding to-day and were great
ly surprised. '
Marriage Surprises Parents.
Headquarters in Oakland.
7
ALAMEDA.
14S5 Park Street.
Telephone Ejtgle 502.
BERKELEY.
2148 Center Street.
Telephone North 77.
OAKLAND.
1118 Broadway.
Telephone Main 1063.
BBAXCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IX
ALAMEDA COUNTY
ADVERTISEMENTS,
DENTAL BRIDGEWORK
for the Cost of Material at the
COLLEGE CLINIC
All work under the personal super-
vision ot the professor of Crown and
Dridjje Work and guaranteed 22k gold
and the best materials.
Hxtraction free. Painless methods.
Cleanm* free. ' Graduates only.
Week Days. 9 to 9; Sundays, 9 to 1.
POST-GRADUATE DENTAL COLLEGE
Saa Praaclscci-3 Taylor Street.
. Oakland — 073 VaiWarton Street.
S*a Joe — 45 rast Santa CUra Street.
fiicra-Titato— 4O7 J Gtrcet. *A woman masqueraded as a man for twenty-five
years in Idaho, and death only exposed' her secret. It is
strange,- considering her unenviable record as" the quar
reling ground for ihismated couples and the Mecca for.
marital ) derelicts,, that the State can't tell a woman when
The octopus is very largely used,.as
an article of food in Southern Italy. Its
long tentacles are cut transversely, so
that when served at table they hays
the appearance of rings." The fish when
taken by day are lured from, the crev
ices of the rocks' by a piece of red flan
r.el at the end of a bamboo, which they
attempt ¦ to grasp, ' and' they are' then
speared with a trident. At night an iron
cradle with a. bright flame of . resinous
\\ood is' fixed to the. bow of the boat.
This attracts the fish and leads him to
bis doom. " - ¦¦•im^^smm
Octopus Food.
Within the short period of a month more than seven
hundred human lives. 'have been snuffed out by fire and
fl6od, by accidents on sea and land, in crowded cities and
in 5 the black stillness of night on the highway. How
pitiably small humanity seems after all in the dreadful
lightof these disasters!, ;^
The authorities of Oakland have chosen a woman
to design one of their most important public buildings.
Our municipal architecture has evidently excited enough
attention among our neighbors to suggest that if such is
an illustration of men's efforts in the art of building there
certainly* can be no harm in giving women a chance.
The British killed a thousand howling Dervishes a few
days ago, but the Mad Mullah escaped to continue his
campaign of terror and destruction. There is always an
element of compeiisation in these little -affairs. They
give the British a chance to, shout and effect no particular
diminution in the howling of the Dervishes.
SANTA CLAUS— B.. City. Santa
Claus is derived from the Dutch, Santa
Klaus, the name of S\ Nicholas, the
patrorv saint of the boys. In Z^ngllsh
speaking countries the name has been
changed from Klaus to Claus.
CRUELTY— II. S., City. If a man in
the employ of a firm that owns horses
drives such horses when lame and un
fit to. work the driver la liable to pros
ecution for cruelty to animals. The
owners .are also liable for, permitting
the animals to be worked.
CALIFORNIA DUELS— A. M. R..
City. The last duet fought In California
under the ru!es of the code •"¦•ello took
place near Kershaw's Landing In Ma
rln County. September II, 1870, between
a man named Gardner anu another
named Smedberg. The cause that re
sulted in the meeting wax a society
affair .which was followed by a cow
hiding in the old Cosmopolitan Hotel.
Both parties were slightly wounded.
The last fatal duel In the State took
place in May. 1S61. between an Assem
blyman from Mariposa and another
from San Bernardino ; • settle a dif
ficulty that grew out of words spoken
during a debate In the I-egisIature. The
meetiag was near McDufS-' ranch In
Mann County. One of tte principals,
Charles W. Piercy of San Bernardino,
fell dead at the second flre with rifles.
Townsend** California glace fruits and
candies. 50c a pound. In • artistic nre
etched boxes A nice present for Eastern
friends. TL> Market at., above Call bids *
Theater Architecture.
The development of the hotel and
amusement • section of 'Manhattan,
which began in 1900, has resulted in the
erection of . six ; new theaters. In all
these new buildings some more or less
intelligent attempt has been made to
present both a braver and better ap
pearance to 'the public than had been
the case with the theaters previously
erected, writes A. C. David in the Arch-
Itectural Record for January/The high
er, esthetic standards, which have been
so noticeable a feature of all the more
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and pub!ic men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Aliens), 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1943. ' *
Some miscreant destroyed a painting of great histori
cal and intrinsic value in the Capitol at Topeka the
other day simply because a brewer had given the work
of art to the State. It is such disgusting intemperance
as this that injures so seriously the cause of what advo
cates are pleased to call temperance. A good purpose is
not accomplished by bad expedients.
T* HE report upon the progress of Alaskan develop
- ment made to" the '.Senate on Tuesday may not
have the effect of rousing Congress to take action
at this session for the promotion 'of the interest of that
great Territory, but it will undoubtedly serve as an im
portant document in the campaign of education to that
end. Senators Dillingham, Burhham, Nelson and Patter
son did^ their work, well. Their ; investigations appear
to have been as comprehensive as was possible consider
ing the vast area of the country and the limited time at
their command, and the conclusions they have drawn
from their observations and the testimony presented to
them at -different points constitute an able summary of
what ought to be done in the way of legislation to
facilitate the exploitation of : the great wonderland of
the north.
• • Governor Brady, in his annual-message directed the
attention of the Washington Government to what the
Canadian Government had done, to promote Yukon Ter
ritory, and contrasted the efficiency there with- the: lack
of it in Alaska." He dealt chiefly with the subject of
mining, and pointed out several important features of
Canadian policy which we would-do well, to follow, for
the benefit of Alaskan miners. The Senate committee,
like the Governor, . finds in the Canadian administration
much that should excite our emulation. The committed,
however, devotes ; most of its attention -in that respect to
the question of transportation, and cites figures to show
the advantage the miner in the Yukon has over the
Alaskan miner in the way of cheap food by -. reason of
the good roads on the : Canadian side of- the line and
the lack of them on "ours.
We are so accustomed to speak of ourselves as the.most
enterprising people on earth and to mock, at the Cana
dians as being slow that the revelations of the superior
enterprise of Canada- in. the development \ of ¦ the north
ought to affect our pride, : if nothing else. There are
inanv recions of Alaska, however, rich enough to justify
ALASKAN DEVELOPMENT.
PALE— P. B. P.. City. The word
"pale" in the following sentence: "That
the other powers find .capital for the
establishment of the redundant Jewish
population how multiplying in the
pale." means within the circumscribed
limit.
Locomotive whistling has in our
country become a menace to public
comfort, sleep and health. We do not
mean the whistling or the engineers
at grade-crossings in the country
(which should also be done away with
by abolishing the grade-crossings), but
that of the switching engines in or
near towns and. cities, at work « all
night, and which is done solely for the
convenience of the trainmen. In no
other country in the world is this nius
arice allowed. In some of our cities
stringent la.ws exist against it, as e. g..
In Philadelphia, but they are utterly
ignored by the officers sworn to exe
cute the law. The officials seem to
prefer to execute the people. There
can be no doubt that a majority of the
people, of cities, especially in summer,
are injured -in health because of loss
of sleep, and that the sick and conva
lescent are dangerously ha. ied. All
physicians know how necessary sle^>
is to the . maintenance and re-estab
lishment of health. The whistling is
wholly unnecessary . and often is
against the rules of the company. Thus
because it is "nobody's. duty" to stop
it, a half dozen workmen "disobey the
railway rules and the. city ordinances
without check. But it is somebody's
duty— and that somebody* is the local
Board of Health. Protests from physi
cians would soon prove effective — and
surely from their patients!— American
Medicine. >" '•".. >¦
The Deadly.
THE PALACE— A. O. S., City. The
original court ot the Palace Hotel -was
lighted for the first time October 2,
1S75. That was the date of the openlns
of the hotel. Warren Leland was the
first manager.. "^, v
Russia has announced to the powers that it is her
purpose to respect all treaty rightS*"that have been estab
lished by China with other nations of. the world. This
declaration. is interesting for two reasons. Russia in the
first place has absolutely nd right on earth to make it,
and in the second we know her ; well enough to have
learned that while she is profuse in promises she is lam
entably poor in performance- ..
A NAME— F. V., City. If a number
of young men have formed a social
club and desire to select a name tor
the organization, they ought to submit
names and then take a vote.
BANANA— D. E., Antioch, Cal. The
banana is not extensively grown In
California, although ft does remark
ably well under favorable condition*.
The plant is of easy culture.
"Yes." said Cupid Danforth a few.
days ago, at a time when the mar
riage license business was not very
brisk, "this is a good office for stories.
Hardly a day passes that something
does not happen that woulti prove of
interest to the reading public. For
instance, this morning shortly after I
opened up, a\ great, big stout woman,
well dressed tend bearing all the ear-,
marks of the rule or ruin kind of
woman came in and asked me If she
could get a license. I told her she cer
tainly could if there were no legal re
straints.
"'What do you mean by legal re
straints?' she Inquired.'
"I told her that the law required
that the persons about to embark on
the sea of matrimony should be able
to show that they had reached the age
of majority and that they had not
been divorced within a year.
" 'Humph,' she said, 'a woman can
get a license, can't she?' •
" 'Certainly,' I said, and 'then pro
ceeded to fill in a blank with the in
formation she gave me. The name of
the man was Brown and when I had
signed the license, collected the fee
and handed it to her she gave me a
snappy and curt 'Thank you' and
walked out. *
"Five minute3 later a meek "and
humble individual fairly sneaked in.
He walkejd up to the desk and in a
voice shaking with fear asked me if I
had just issued a license to a big, stout
woman. I told him I had and gave
him the woman's name.
"He was trembling like a leaf and
in a voice that was husky with emo
tion he asked me the name of the pros
pective groom. I was little prepared
for the startling change that came
over him when I told him it was
Brown.
"He breathed a sigh of relief that
could be heard out in the corridor and
almost shouted a fervent 'Thank God.'
I suppose I looked puzzled, for sud
denly he grinned, grasped my hand
and almost shook it off.
" 'You see,' he said, with another
convulsive shake 'of the" hand, 'she had
two of us oh a string. Brown and me.
Poor Brown!" '
Poor Brown;
MANICURING— Subscriber, Salinas,
Cal. Any bookseller can procure for
you books on manicuring and treat
ment of the hair, shampooing and the
like/ - - ' • - -' : ''y«.
It is in evidence that the members of the city govern
ment were alert to conditions only when they were re
fused free tickets to the theaters, and that then they
had not the skill to direct their correctional discipline to
the things required for safety. One officer, whose ex
actions were burdensome, sent in an order for twenty
five free seats for a theater' party. The manager refused
the seats. Immediately he was disciplined in the matter
of the porte cochere at the entrance to his place and
was hauled up for advertising on billboards in front. InJ
many other ways, in matters non-essential to the safety
of his patrons, he was persecuted until he surrendered,
and then all official discipline ceased.
This seems to have been .a common policy pursued by
every department of the city government except the
police. All managers testify to the abstention of the
police from any of these forms of graft. The money
drain on theater managers for the. benefit of official
grafters was so serious that naturally they sought to
make good by omitting expense in matters that con
cerned the safety of the people. Asbestos curtains were
omitted entirely or were imitations made of cotton. A
few chemical fire extinguishers were provided in the in
flammable scenery, when safety required ten times as
many. The top ventilators, needed to "draw flames l up
ward, were omitted, so that fire instantly followed the
air draught from the stage .toward the exits.* Audiences
are familiar with the cold draught that sweeps through
the auditorium when the curtain goes up. It is the
breath of death. It means the . lack of top ventilation
over the stage. Any official inspector with sense enough
to sign a payroll who felt that draught should have
known its meaning. But his sense of duty was subor
dinate to his free pass to the show.
We. do n.ot pretend that Chicago has the only unsafe
theaters. In nearly every city in the country there is
careless and criminal omission of the most obvious pre
cautions. The Mayor of Chicago is doing his duty late,
too late to save the 600, lives lost by neglect, but it is to
be'hoped that his belated activity will warn other May
ors that they, too, have been unmindful of the life-saving
precautions which prudence requires shall "be taken in all
places of assembly. It is better that every theater, hall
and church should be closed for a year, while they are
made safe, than that another horror shall chill the blood
of the world. -
THE Mayor of Chicago is taking active steps now
that should have been taken before, and if taken
in time would have prevented the theater horron
He claims credit for protecting life by closing all the
theaters in that city. He is the same sort of life-saver
as pins, which save .the lives of a great many people by
not being swallowed. The .revelations already before
the public show conditions in the theater that burned,
and in others that^have not, that were apparent to the
most casual official oversight. Official neglect is written
on the gravestone of every victim of the fire.
AFTER THE FACT.
"They are not in just now," replied
the steward; "perhaps I can furnish
you with what information you seek."
"Well, you mig'ht," said the woman.
"You see it is this way: My sister
thinks that I am crazy. As a matter
6t fact, she is the one who is out of
her mind. This morning she asked me
to come down here with her so that
the doctors could examine me. Now
I want the doctors to examine her, so I
fell right in with her suggestion and
came along. 1 She is in there now, talk
ing with the matron about me."
"Very well, madam." said the stew
ard, "I will speak to the doctors when
they come, if you -will try to keep her
here until they arrive. You would
better tell me a little something about
her hallucinations so that they will
know how to proceed."
"Well," whispered the woman, "it is
a. very sad case. Two months ago she
was as sane as I am. One day she
went around to our neighbors and
with tears streaming down her cheeks
told them all that I was out of my
mind because I said I had been se
lected to reign over England in Queen
Victoria's stead. Of course, I have
been, but "
t Arm in arm the two women walked
Into the hospital for the insane at the
City Hall. They were both large,
handsome women, well dressed and
having about them an air of refine
ment. The larger of the two requested
an interview with the matron, and
when that lady appeared she walked
'into her room with her, leaving her
companion in the room where are held
the examinations of the insane.
Presently the steward came along,
and, seeing the woman sitting there
alone in the examination-room, asked
her if she desired to see any one.
"Yep," she replied, "I wish to see
the doctors."
Vagaries of Insane.
There seems to be a general impression that within
the last few days something has dropped in the City
Hall. The sympathies of sorrowing circles of friends
have gone out to those who lost 'their positions, but no
one seems to .think it worth while to pity the men that
have violated the letter and- spirit of wise laws and have
re-established in the local government the specter of the"
spoils system and its attendant evils. x
- Xow th>» mechanism by which all
this is accomplished Is very complex;
and to understand it one must know
something of optics. Optics is a large
subject and we cannot hope in the
space at our comand to make it clear.
We may say, however, that rays of
light travel in a straight line, and that
these rays falling against a
lens are so affected that they
converge at a certain point beyond the
lens. Now the farther away the ob
ject from which the rays come the
farther from the lens will be the re
flection. Thus, in the ordinary eam
era, the distance of the plate from the
lens is regulated oy the distance of
the object to be photographed, and
the photographer slides the plate back
and forth until he has found the ex
act point at which the rays from the
object focus. •«*•
But there is another factor which
affects the focus of light rays passing
through a lens, and that is the shape
of the lens. The flatter the lens the
farther away will be the focal point.
So we 'see that there' are two ways
by which the rays from a distant body
may be brought to a" focus. One is
by moving the plate until it is at the
focal point, which is the method of
the camera. The other is by changing
the shape of the lens itself, which is
the method of the human eye.
Beyond this, however, the analogs'
between the eye and the camera does
not go. The eye has the power of au
tomatically adjusting itself so as to
throw the image upon the retina at
whatever distance that image may be;
also of regulating the amount that en
ters; and then the two eyes by fo
cusing upon an object, not only gain
the opportunity of seeing it from two
sides — of seeing partially around it, as
ly were — but can also Judge pretty
closely as to its distatice.
Of all the wonderful mechanical de
vices of the body the -most complex
and beautiful is undoubtedly the hu
man eye. The human eye is frequent
ly compared to a camera, but this is
quite unjust to the eye, for, while (he
principle is the same in each, the corn
era when compared to the eye is a
very crude and imperfect affair..
Between the living eye and the com
era no Just comparison is possible, for
the living: eye is capable of a large
number of adjustments which are im
possible to the camera. We may with
more justice compare the camera to
the dead eye. If we, take the eye of
an ox, removed from the body, and
scrape off the coats on the back part
of the eyeball; if we replace the coat
ings so removed with a thin plate of
mica, we shall see a tiny inverted im
age of the object in front of the eye —
shall see exactly what the photogra
pher does when he ducks his head un
der the black cloth and says, "Look
pleasant, please." ..
Both eye and camera are merely
dark chambers with a lens in front to
admit the light and make an image
by refraction. Both are lined with a
material impervious to light. For if
light were allowed to enter elsewhere
than through the lens it would blur
the image.
York.)
Copyright. 1801, by Joseph B. Bowie*.
(Editor "Health Culture" Magazine. New
BY W. R. C. LATSOK. M. D-.
The Camera of the Eye.
The same system that plans one's
work will Insure the necessary means of
rtninx it . The servant will not begin
The nearer one's daily tasks can be
brought to the point of being performed
automatically the easier they become.
Just as cue must forget his fingers be
fore he becomes a finished musician,
one must have grown wonted to th*
routine of the housework, first to that
planned for each day and then to the
rfivision of the tasks for each hour.
The woman who takes dishwashing, the
daily sweeoing and dusting, lamp fill
ing, et cetera, in the same order each
day will gain ease and time over the
one vho sometimes does cooking first,
Bometimf-s last, and so on. Minutes are
wasted while one stops to decide "what
to do next." She does better to plan
her work at the beginning and then to
follow persistently the course that she
has mapped out after due deliberation.
There is no part of the world where
housekeeping has been made such a
fetich as in the smaller New England
towns, and none where a woman's ap
preciation by her neighbors depends so
much upon her skill in housewifery.
She who writes or paints is accounted
& failure if she does not understand the
art of housekeeping. The New. England
woman of a generation ago did an im
mense amount of work, yet she always
had her afternoon free. The explana
tion is simple. She worked with system.
On Monday she washed, Tuesday saw
the clothes ironed, on Wednesday they
were looked over for rents, mended and
folded away; on Thursday windows
were wiped, silver polished, closets
tidied or any other task that came up
was attended to; weddings, parties and
festivities of all kinds were set for
Thursday, as it was the leisure day of
the week; Friday saw. the house thor
oughly swept from garret to cellar,
and Saturday was given over to extra
baking eo save cooking on Sunday and
Monday. These were the special duties
of the day. but every day had its share
of dish washing, bedmaklng, cleaning
and cooking, each In its regularly ap
pointed time, which never varied except
for sickness or other calamity. The
method is as successful to-day as it
ever was, though it is harder to carry
out. since the workers of the kitchen
to-day do not work with brairs as well
as with hands, nor take kindly to the
introduction of some one else's brains.
In rr.ar.y well run kitchens there is
provided a programme \Ot the day's
work in the order of its coming. When
there are several servants the sched
ule for each is provided, and where this
•9 done the work is as well ordered
as is that of the bfg department store.
Conditions differ bo greatly in families
that no ere can mark out such a pro
gramme for another, buf each woman
know? — or ought to — what is needed in
her home, and by the exercise of a little
tact she can prevail upon her assistant
to follow the programme, and after the
latter finds herrelf with % more leisure
and less weariness because of this ar
rangement she will be glad to adopt it.
The programme should not be changed
from week to week. Each Monday
should have the same division of tasks
end hours, and so on through all' the
week.
The theory of doing a piece of work
"when it is necessary" sounds well,
but its application is not usually pro
ductive of pleasing or comfortable re
sults. Taking week in and week out,
each day has duties -which should be
carried out on that day if the house
hold machinery is to run smoothly.
There may be exceptions for special
occasions, but holding to the rule
brings peace in the family and keeps
th*> strain of housework and its super
vision from ijeing too heavy for the
housewife and the family.
There was a notable New England
housekeeper who was wont to say to
her daughters. "Don't dawdle, make
every move tell, and you'll never be
too tired and never lack time." That
way for working compels one to be
systematic, for the brains direct and
one follows the old adage, "Let your
head save your heels."
Whether one is the fortunate woman
vho does her own work or the un
fortunate who has to depend upon one
or a dozen servants, system is equally
needed. If one lacks it let her culti
vate it diligently. It leads to rested
nerve*, stored-up strength, and bo to
happiness in the home. Its sole dis
advantage is one that applies to per
sonal vanity. The woman who labors
systematically, though she will accom
plish twice as much as another who
does not, never seems to the unob
servant to be doing much because she
never has confusion about her and al
ways, has time for what she wants
to do.
The greatest difference between the
house mother's and the merchant's
management is in the matter of sys
tem. While one should not be a slave
to routine of labor there is not the
least doubt that system lightens house
keeping almost one-half. She who
knows Just when a piece of work
should be done knows also how it
should be, and there will be no time
wasted, nor will there be any hurry-
Ing or confusion. The house where
the -work is never done, where ironing,
sweeping and cooking come together,
is the house without a head, for
system is of the head. It is the appli
cation of brains to the task one has
to do.
[OopjTtcfct, 1904. by Joseph B. Bowles.]
BY DORA MAT MORRELIa.
For the Housewife.
GOAT ISLAND— H. C. City. The
area of Goat Island in San Francisco
Bay is 140.9 acres.
Ansivers to Queries.
Francis Darwin's story of the plants
and the bassoon emphasizes once more
the old truth that fiction Is often, the
forerunner of fact, as well as the cir
cumstance that the humorist is apt to
describe in irresponsible frivolity what
the grave scientist may later embody
in his thought-out SLystem. According
to Mr. Darwin, It was many years ago
that his Illustrious father made him
play the bassoon to plants in order to
test whether they were sensitive, to
sound: and it Is certainly thirty years
since the American humorist Max Ad
eler described for the amusement of
countless thousands Judge Pitman's
musical experiment in natural history.
The Judge had read in the Atlantic
Monthly, it may be recalled, that the
iguana was susceptible to music, and
that some professor had caused it to
arise and come to him when he played
to it on the piano. The worthy Pit
man, not quite catching the name- of
that which had proved so amenable to
harmony, thought he would give the
thing a trial; and, going to his barn,
he tried the effect of the fiddle upon a
bag of guano. "A Life on the Ocean
Wave." "Old Hundred"! and "Mary
Blaine" were alike powerless r to
move the inanimate object, though each
tune was played "backward and sfd«»
way3 and cat-a-cornered," -as well as
given "a paasel o* extra sharps and
flats and exercises." But "narry time
did that guanner bag git up off that
flcor"; and the .Judge's opinion of
writing men in general and scientists
in particular was sadly lowered by tha
failure of his experiment. — "Westminster
Gazette.
Music Hath Charms.
expensive buildings recently construct
ed in New York, have had their influ
ence on the playhouses also, and the
truth of this statement is illustrated as
much by the reformation which hag
been effected in some of the older thea
ters as by the. character of the new de
sfgns. The Belasco. the New York, th*
Empire and the Manhattan have all
been remodeled and redecorated, so
that the changes which have taken
place are visible in fully one-half of the
theaters of the better class In Manhat
tan, and the total effect of the new
theatrical architecture has not been
only to gjve the public » number of in
teresting 1 interiors which they can ob
serve and discuss between the acts, but
also to establish a standard of play
house design which will have Its effect
hereafter.
If is timely now, while as yet there is no near menace
of disturbance, for all conservative citizens to fix their
minds firmly on the right side of the general question, so
that they may not be turned aside into a disordered
partisanship by any agitation that may burst forth later
on. We live in an age of organized associations .of all
kinds, and must learn to tolerate alb combinations . of
citizens, whether capitalists or laborers, so long as they,
obey the. laws and respect the person and the property
of others. \i that be not done our fat years will but fur
nish fat to feed the fire of strife. The plea for harmony
then must be accompanied by a broad sympathy with the
rights of every class of citizens, and a recognition of the
truth that nothing is to'be gained by infusing the coming
political campaign with any taint of class prejudice one
way or the other.
MAYOR SCHMITZ. in his annual message sub
mitted to the Board of Supervisors on Monday,
very properly directed attention to some of the
signs of the. times that are ominous of a conflict between
labor and capital before 'the year is'over. The issue is
not" directly one that concerns the municipal administra
tion, but none the less it was right that the chief execu
tive of the city should give earnest consideration to it,
since upon him will rest the heaviest burden of responsi
bility to maintain the peace and good order of the com
munity, with all the rights of person and property
should such a conflict take place.
The Mayor, of course, makes . a plea for harmony.
That was to be expected from one in his official position
and of his political sagacity, even if it werj: not
prompted, as it doubtless was, by his sense of duty to his
fellow-citizens. He has nothing to gain by industrial
disturbance, -for his administration will be creditable and
honorable exactly in proportion as its influence : counts
on the side of continued prosperity based upon unin
terrupted 1 industry and enterprise. His language on the
subject bears the evident impress of sincerity and shows
a conviction on his part that an overwhelming majority
of those who were his partisans in the late campaign ex
pect him to direct his administration along conservative
lines and fulfill his pledge of acting in office as the repre
sentative of the. whole people, showing no favoritism on
the one hand, nor antagonism on the other, to any class
or element of the population.
In making the plea'for harmony, the Mayor does not
stand alone. From all sides and from all parties, classes
and elements of the people are to be heard voices mak
ing the selfsame plea. Everybody, except the few who
see some' prospect! of personal gain or notoriety from a
period of strife, is on the side of peace. The community
has been very prosperous, and as the Mayor points out
the past two years have been "essentially years of peace
and 1 of freedom from violent strife." All who j have
profited by that peaceful prosperity desire its continu
ance. All will be well, therefore, if those who sincerely
desire harmony can agree up.on a policy of maintaining
it, and adhere to that policy tio matter who oppose it.
The danger of disturbance lies in the possibility
that there may be a disagreement as to the best policy
to pursue, and rival leaders may precipitate a "conflict
by their very desire to assure peace. . There are lines in
the Mayor's message that raise a fear that he himself may
fall into that error, and accordingly the issue cannot be
ignored.
That the conditions of the time are full of danger
points is beyond question. The flood tide of industrial
prosperity that has borne us forward so buoyantly
shows signs of having reached the highest level. There
is danger that the inevitable ebb may set in with the
spring, and coincide with the bursting forth of partisan
excitements that invariably attend a Presidential elec
tion. Should that happen, it is not unlikely that even in
San Francisco, where we have had such fat years for
labor and capital alike, and where there is little proba
bility -oi any such slump in work- and wages as menaces
the East, we "may have, a very critical period to
pass through- before the year is over. It is. therefore,
in the highest degree important that the plea for»har
mony be made and be listened to with a full understand
ing that there is to be a mutual give and take all along
the line, to the end that substantial justice may be done
to all parties interested in every issue that arises.
One of the laborers had been read
ing a magazine article in which a great
European statesman was referred to
as a "twentieth century Brutus." The
question before the house was, "What
Is a Brutus. An idler asseverated that
"Brutus" was a misprint and the word
was intended for "brute." Some one
else once knew a bull terrier named
Brutus. Others had different opinions
which might well have given u»rest
to the departed soul of the ancient
wlelder of a dagger. Colonel Julius look
ed on with supreme disdain. "When the
rest had finished he opened his mouth
and "spake as one having authority."
"Brutus was a man.!' he declared.
"I knew him well back in the oil dis
trict. His name was Abraham Lincoln
Brutus— named after the President—
and spent most of his time when he
wasn't drunk picking chickens. Tour
twentieth century Brutus was a chick
en picker, my son," concluded Colonel
Julius, as he sawed off another dream
from his plug of "Lonely Star."
Colonel Julius is a native of the Key
stone State. One of the bit: companies
struck oil on his farm and. like a wise
gentleman. Ire came "West to, spend his
money. He has taken up his abode on
Post street, and gets his chief enjoy
ment out of life at a half finished ho
tel around the corner, where he solves
all abtruse diplomatic and political
problems for the argumentative labor
ers. His early education, it must be
said, was sadly neglected. Colonel Ju
lius does not appreciate the fact, how
ever, but Doses as the only genuine
modernized oracle.
Who Was Brutus?
pur Government in promoting their exploitation, even
if we had no rival to stimulate us" to the task. Governor
Brady reports the mining, industries of the Territory to
be already so large and so varied that he could not ade
quately deal with them in his message. The Senate
committee itself undertook hardly more than a summary
of the whole. In 1902 the output of gold for the Terri
tory reached- the value. of $8,345,800, and as yet the sur
face has been hardly more than, scratched at any point
in the gold fields.
Referring to the gold districts the committee re
ports that Seward Peninsula, of which Nome is the cen
ter, is the richest of the gold districts so ifar as is known,
and that next in order'come the gold districts of South
eastern Alaska, around Juneau, and, third/ the Yukon
district. It is^noted that the Nome district has the ad
vantage of cheap supplies because it can be reached
by ocean steamers. The Yukon country is handicapped
in that respect to some extent, but the committee re
ports it to be a land of great possibilities.
Taken! altogether,. the report can hardly fail to impress
Congress with the importance : of our rich possessions
in' Alaska and incline the more statesmanlike members
to feel a pride in assisting in its development. Favor
able legislation may therefore be expected from this
lime on. The probability thus given of an increased
energy in the. exploitation of Alaska ought to be a mat
ter of interest to San Francisco merchants and manu
facturers, for the field is a vast one and the market that
will ere long exist there for all kinds of goods is worth
seeking out diligently and early.
her Monday task to find that soap,
starch or other essentials have been
forgotten — an experience only too ccm
mon in the average ill-organized house
hold. To avoid this let a slate and
pencil be hung in kitchen and wash
room, so that a. note may be made of
any article which is getting low. The
time to buy is before one is out of the
necessity.
Time spent in waiting for one's tools
is time wasted in the worst way, for
it is taking from the hours, that should
be spent In rest and amusement, and
is carrying into the afternoon the work
that should be dorte in the morning.
Too many housekeepers proceed after
Amy March's motto and "take time by
the fetlock," therefore they find them
selves perplexed over many things
without finding that the cause as well
as the possible remedy for the trouble
lie in themselves. .
THE PLEA FOR HARMONY.
THE SAN FR ANCISCQl CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor . . v . ...... Address AH Commtmications to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Office ".'. <*§lf§j|§ii*£>. Third and Market Streets, S. F.
SATURDAY......; ......-.......:!.. .. ...«\....... . . .JANUARY i6, 1904
8
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL'. SATURDAY, JANUARY 16; 1904.
INSTRUCTIVE STUDIES
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMEN
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMESAX OLD COLD
U Chronic, Catarrh— The Worst Dis
east^ Known.
Summer and spring arxi autumn,
catarrh ceases not to afflict a large per cent
or the Inhabitants of- this country. But Jt la
especially tlurlnr the winter ecason that ca
tarrh docs.it* most deadly work. Every cold
wave, every wintry blltzard, every storm of
sJctt, tnow or r.iin adds thousands to the an
nual Hat o£ victims of chronic catarrh. , .
. Peror.R u«ed promptly to protect against and
cure ccldf Is -a safeguard against- all catatrhi!
diwascs of wlntir.
Address the Peruna Medicine Co. of Colum
bus. -Ohio. for. a fre» bw>k en chronic caurrh
In its different phases and stages.- • '
New Secretary Appointed.
Announcement has been made that
Paul Boettcher. has been appointed
temporarily as' secretary of the City
of Paris Dry Goods Company to fill
the vacancy caused by the resignation
of M. J.Hynps. recently elected Pub
lic Administrator.
Will Run Steamers.
The Bee Steamship Company was
incorporated yesterday with a capitaf
stock of 564,000. of whlch^$3200 is
subscribed'. The directors are G. S.
Eeadle, R. J. and James Tyson and
Fred and J. C. Linderman. They have
each subscribed for one share of stock
of the value of $640.
HIXCHLIFF'S MALTING
HOUSE DESTROYED
Fire Sweeps Valuable Property of the
Former Major of Paterson,
New Jersey.
PATERSON, N. J.. Jan. 15. — The
malting house of the Hinchliff Brew
ing. Company turned to-day. Loss
$100,000. Former Mayor John Hinch'
liff, noted throughout the country for
his services during the fire and flood
troubles of Paterson, is . president of
the company. He is now in Califor
nia. '
Nearly all the industrial schools of
Russia are connected with large fac
tories and the students receive wages.
NEW YORK, Jan" 15.— At A meeting
of the United States Realty Company
to-day the resignations of C. F. Adams,
EC. Converse, J. H. Hyde, D. F.
Hoffman, D. Johnson, A. D. Jullard, • W.
H. .Mclntyre, James . Speyer, C. H.
Tweed and Cornelius Vanderbilt as di
rectors were presented, and it was said
that" the. resignation of Directors C. G.
Havens, .H. J. Grant and Henry Mor
grenthau have been recently presented.
No action has yet been taken on the
resignations of R. G. Babbage, A..R.
Fellows, F. Hill and M. B. Read, "which
were tendered last July.
Most of the directors who resigned
were members of the Speyer reorgani
zation committee which recently - un
dertook and later gave up the work of
bringing about certain • reforms in the
management of the company. The res
ignations'were all accepted and F. H.
Gray. Edwin Hawley and H. E. Hunt
ington were elected directors.- The ac
ceptance of- the resignations was - an
nounced in an official statement, which
added: *
"The other vacancies will shortly 'be
filled , by interests which. will work in
harmony "with the balance ' of the
board. It is the intention of the inter
ests now in . control of the corporation
to proceed with business and develop
its property.
\ "The unfair and unjust criticism of
the corporation's alleged connection
with labor unions has already been re
futed, and th'e present board has al
ready taken steps to remedy any de
fects which existed. The corporation
has great elements of strength and un
der an Intelligent and harmonious
management will have a successful ca
reer."
James Stillman. of the National City
Bank, who waa a member of the Speyer
reorganization committee, remains in
the directorate of the realty company.
KANSAS CITY, Mo.. Jan. 15. — Ad
dressing the convocation of Episcopal
Bishops of the Sixth Missionary Dis
trict here to-day, the Rev. Dr. Lloyd
of New York, general secretary of the
board of managers of the Foreign Mis
sionary Society, aroused such enthu
siasm by his description of the sort of
men needed in the church.
The reason, he said, that the best
men with the most manhood do not
offer themselves for the priesthood
nowadays is because the calling has
been belittled by misrepresentation.
The church needs men fit to be presi
dents of railroads; • it needs Western
men, if the nation is to be truly Ameri
can, and, said Dr. Lloyd, "It cannot be
made rightly American, as Henry
Clay said, only by the prayer book and
the constitution. It's no use to bring
Eastern men to the West; they don't
do well. Some few have been driven
West, because the East would not feed
them, and in consequence the very
best stuff In America Is this side of
the Mississippi River. The kind we
want here are Western men."
The convocation will meet at Omaha
next year, j
BUTTE. Mont., Jan. 13.— The disbar
ment case against A. J. Shores and D.
Gay Stivers, attorneys for the Amal
gamated Company; whom Judge Har
ney sought to have disbarred from
practicing law in the State, was dis
missed to-day.
The case was dismissed by Judge Mc-
Clernon at the conclusion of taking of
testimony, the. court refusing to hear
arguments. The charges made by
Judge Harney v.ere to the effect that
Colonel Shores and Captain Stivers, as
counsel for the Amalgamated Copper
Company, had attempted to bribe him
in connection with the decision in the
suit between F. Ausxistu- Heinze and
the Amalgamated Copper Company for
the ownership of the Minnie Healey
mine, - ich was decided in favor of
Heinze. In that trial and in subsequent
proceedings it was sought to show that
Jud^e Kamey had been bribed by the
H«jrji* Interests to render a decision
favorable to them, and similar evidence
was presented at the disbarment pro
ceedings. The court in dismissing the
case held in effect that Shores and
Stivers «5id no wrongful act in offering
Judge Haraey money for evidence that
he had been bribed by the opposing in
terest, because they had reason to be
lieve they were asking the truth.
Court Holds That in Offering
Money for Evidence the Men
Were Only Seeking the Truth
Concern . Declares . Erroneous
Statements Are Refuted and
Success Is Now Assured
Eastern Ecclesiastic Declares
That Episcopal Denomination
Needs the Strenuous American
MATERIAL FOR THE CHURCH
There is S opportunity for interest in
a study of the gains and decreases in
the mineral output ' * certain States
outside of California as" reported by
the United States Director of the Mint.
In Colorr ¦•'. as compared with 1902,
the output of 1903 decreased $6,423,000
in gold and $791,000 in silver. The de
creases are attributed officially to the
miners* strikes in Colorado, which led
to the shutting down of many good
mines. In Alaska the gold output of
1903 was $1,424,000 less than that of
1902. In the case of Alaska the de
crease in gold and also a decrease of
$32,000 in. silver finds explanation in the
fact that the season in " which . water
was available for mining purposes was
one month shorter than In prevlpus sea
sons. Thet.gold output of Oregon de
creased $452,000, and South Dakota also
had to chronicle a decrease in gold of
$4,076,000 on the, basis of the report.
Whye the great falling off in South
Dakota naturally excites wonderment
on account of the magnitude' of the
reported shortage, the great increase In
other quarters were just as noteworthy.
In Utah, for instance, the gold increas
ed $1,470,000 and the silver increased
$2,360,000. or about $3,800,000 In total
for the two precious .metals. The State
of Washington nearly balanced its
gains and losses in' the figures of min
ing of precious metals by showing the
gains to amount to $162,000 fn gold,
but having a loss of $164,000 in the fall
ing off in the amount o. silver mined.
Nevada gained all around in 1903, the
total g£tin being^more than $1,000,000.
The gain In gold is set at $681,0QP and
the- silver gain at $391,000.
While superficial observers may
imagine that the silver industry is
near disuse, the official : nt figures
tend to disabuse the mind of this fal
lacy. The price of silver' went up with
an enlarged demand. The total gold
output of Alaska, Arizona, California,
Colora . Idaho, Montana, Nevada,
New Mexic f Oregon, South Dakota,
Utah and Washington . in value
$74,425,:40, and - Mst t'lis the total
production of silver in the same States
and T tories amented in value to
$30,620,68S. Taking these States and
Territories together and including a
few States of minor production afforCs
a showing of a total net decrease of
the gold output amoantinr; to $5,57|,000,
and a net increase In silver production
for the year lfO3 amounting in value to
$1,100,000.
Montana produced more silver . than
gold in value, the difference being, ap
proximately, $1,300,000 in favor of sil
ver. Utah's silver output surpassed its
gold product by more than $3,000,000.
While California was . the second
State in gold production, its total gold
output equaled that of Alaska, Arizona,
Nevada and Oregon, within $150,000,
which is something to" be remembered.
The figures will' not detract anything
from a fair showing for California.
FIGURES ARE -ATTACKED. ,
The J.Iinin'g and Scientific Press at
tacks the accurrcy of the sup
plied by the Mint Director, and alleges
that they are only based on guess
work, and it instances South Dakota
to prove its contention. The showing
made by the journal in question is
given as follows:
The Director of the ITnited States Hint at
Washington has issued what purports to-be pre
liminary statistics on the precious metal pro
duction of the United States for 1903. The fig-,
ures are so obviously incorrect for some States
that a doubt Is created as to the value of the
estimates foe others. The statement published
Heeivhfrre herein, which was Issued by the
Washington official, credits South Dakota with
a production of 82.SS0.137 Gold and $170,065 "sil
ver for 190.*;. The gold and silver mines of
South liakota are all in a limited area In the
Black Hills, and never within twenty years has
the output been, as small as $3.00f>.0nO. The
Homestake Company alone produces more than
$4.. r .0Q.0O0 yearly, and this amount Is being an
nually Increased. n»sldes this company, the
Golden Reward. Penobscot, Spearfish. Standard.
Clover Leaf. Hidden Fortune, Wasp Xo. 1 and
Xo. 2. and p great number of other companies
output -not less than $1.. "00.000 annually; which
will make South Dakota's output exceed J6.00O.
000. As to the other States mentioned in the
report the errors arc Ipes noticeable. "
The Red Bluff Sentinel reports that
one of the Oroville dredging companies
has bonded eigh.ty-five acres of the riv
er bar just east of Red Bluff. The
company will prospect the land with a
diamond drill and if the expected gold
is found the" purchase of the land will
be completed.
The Tuolumne Independent says that
operations will be resumed soon at the
Harvard mine, near Jamestown. The
Lamphier mine at Confidence will be
opened in the spring.
The Little Giant mine above Colum
bia has been bonded to S. W. Wilhelm.
The Benjamin Harrison quartz mine
near Jacksonville and a part of the
Clio quartz mine has been deeded to
the Republican Mining and Develop
ment Company.
Negotiations are in progress for the
sale of th» Soulsby mine to Eastern
parties.;
The directors of the Del Monte Min
ing and Milling Company met recently
at Jackson, Amador County, and lev
ied an assessment of 10 cents a share
on the stock.
Improvements at the Kennedy mine
will give the mine nine boilers in total
and a lifting capacity of 1000 horse
power to the hoist.
WORKING OF ORES.
The mineral oil produced In the Coal
lnga field in 1903 is estimated to have
amounted to 2,075,000 barrels.
Tellurlde ores are reported to have
been found in La Crosse mine near
Randshurg.
The North Star Mining Company has
bought 220 acres in the Loutzgelser
ranch and a!eo the Loutzgeiser inter
ests 'n the Lamarque mine near Grass
Valley.
Ten stamrjs will be added to 'the out
fit of the California mine near Wash
ington, Nevada County, in the spring.
A deposit of ochre is reported to have
been discovered -not far from Gilroy.
C. B. Rogers has bought several min
ing claims near White River,' Tulare
County, and is equipping the old
Eclipse: mine. \
Twenty-three'" riewj milling plants,
having altogether 166 stamps, were
erected In Eastern Oregon in 1903, and
also roll mills having a capacity equiv
alent to 96 stamps. In addition to this
a 150-ton smelter and a 100- ton: furnace
and sampling mill .were put up at
Sump ter. Three important projects f or
supplying electricity derived from water
power, in the Sumpter district. Baker
County, have been practically com
pleted.
The mines in the Olinghouse camp
near Wadsworth, '..Nevada, produced
$30,000 in value last year.
The Boston-Nevada copper claims at
Yerington, Lyon County, Nevada, will
be reopened. There are seventeen
claims In the group.
There Is an increasing demand "for
rare minerals of which California pro
duces a variety. Such minerals are
used principally in Germany; and in
France whore applied chemistry is far
advanced. An exporter of rare minerals
In the East is quoted by the Mining
"World as saying that tungsten ores
have never before been so much in de
mand as they are now. Thijy brinx
$195 a ton. Continuing,' the -Mining
"World says:
Titanium ores are not yet In much demand,
but will be in the very near future, hb they ar«
Invaluable for ate«l manufacture, when'prop«rly
unUcrstood. The price Is about $130 a short ton.
Uranium ores are in constant demand, but ar«
ecarca and the price consequently high, about
$000 a ton. Vanadium ores would' be In great
demand if a large quantity could be assured,
but this Is more scarce than the uranium ores.
Carnotlte, a compound ore of uranium and va
nadium oxide, is also scarce, and salable at a
high price. Molybdenite, although found al
most everywhere, occurs only in small quanti
ties, except in Canada,- and • while there is a
steady demand for about 10,000 tons a year,
not mere than one-fifth- of •'this amount has
be*jj furnished in any one year, and that most
ly from abroad; the price ranges from $400 to
$12fiO a. ton of 2000 pounds.
Monazlte is In greater demand and "will ba
more sought after in the near future. At pres
ent It Is chiefly valuable for the thorium con
tents,' whirh ranges frcm 2 per* cent to 8 per
cent thorium, used In Welsbach gas mantels.
The price is $100 to $250 a ton of 2000 pounds.
Samarsklt* Is not much in demand and is also
6carce. Columblte is frequently Inquired fdr,
but th« demand is not gresit. Other rare min
erals are mostly used so far for laboratory
purposes only. The acids of the rare minerals
are now being Inquired for and sales Increasing
for the reason that the cost of manufacture
has been very much decreased.
HAVE;. MANY USES.
The rare metals ar« absolutely neceisary
for the manufaeturo or armor plate and tool
steel, which is far superior to the old grades
and Is a scientific steel. In a general way
It may be said that tungsten is used to harden
eteel. titanium to tourhen It, molybdenum for
flexibility, vanadium for elongation and uran
ium /or purification and consequently homo
geneity. These elements are generally used as
alloys with Iron and ar* spoken of as the
"Ferros" of rare minerals. Thus the uses
of these alloys are each distinct and special
and more than one element may be introduced
into, the eteel for its adaptation to iom«
epeolflc end.
• The rare minerals have also many other uses
In other industries than steel, .for. Instance,
titanium, which can also be used as*-mor
dant In dyeing. In fertilizing, in the manu
facture of nmsnonla (on account of lta great
affinity for .nitrogen). In combination with
metallic silicon to produce an artificial bort
(black diamond), and alloyed with aluminum
will give a great strength and conductivity in
excess of copper with three times the length
of wire for the samp weight. Uranium com
pounds are used in the manufacture of glass
and porcelain and In photography. Vanadium
compounds are also used In dyelpg and for
colorinc glass and aa an alloy of copper and
aluminum as well as of Iron
Dennis H. Stovall writes to the Pa
cific Coast Miner in reference to the
harnessing of the Rogue River power
to furnish greater facilities for Dninjngr
in Southern Oregon that the water of
the river is raised twenty feet abov*
its original bed. This .will supply 10,000
horsepower for a greater part ol! the
season, and never less than 6000. Fits
are now being blasted ;for two. turbines,
capable of developing 700 horsepower
each., A 250-ki:owatt ( "generator y/ill
take ud and convey the power by wire
to the surrounding mines, mills and
towns for power and lighting purposes.
The Ralston and Monterey gold min
ing companies report a strike of KOld.
The mines are in the San Lucas Moun
tains in Monterey County. The prop
erty was first discovered in 1888. Quite
a rush to the vicinity then took place,
but it soon died out. J. W. Van Wlukie
is president of the corporatlc-n now ope
rating the property. It is reported that
a Btampmill will soon be erected.
The Los Angeles Times says of m*.n
ing in. the south during the year 19CJ:
Production of gold In this southwestern
reelon was not so great during th* year Just
closed as it was for the year 1902. labcr
strikes were the caU5«s of this. At Randsburg.
Cal.. and at Searchlight. New— essentially
gold camps — the mines were shut down "and
remained dosed for four months, as a result
making the year's production one-third less
than It would otherwise have been. The g'old
camps of Yavaoai County, Arizona, also- had
their labor troubles. Happily, however, labor
troubles in these several districts are at an
end; the mines have been, reopened and are
a*aln being worked full time. With the ex
ception of sold all metals and minerals . will
show Increased productions.
The reports of the State Mining Bureau
furn'sh an excellent illustration of the In
crease In mining In Southsrn California.
Those for the year 1903 have not yet been
compiled, but those for the two preceding
years will sufficiently demonstrate what this
Increase is. The total value of metals and
minerals produced In ten counties of Southern
California during the year 1901 was $7.97.1.938.
The same ten counties produced in 1802 metals
and minerals of a value of 111. 807.012. an in
crease In one year of $3,8CK>,ft74, equal to an
Increase o* BO per cent. In only one of these
ten counties is a decrease reported, while In
two of them production nearly doubled — thsy
are , Kern and San Bernardino counties.
NOW HOPE FOR HARMONY
COMPLAINT NOT SUSTAINED
Judffc JfcClernon Refuses to
Oast Attorneys in Mining
Suit on a Bribery Charge
United States Realty Company
Receives Prompt ; Resigna
tions of Opposition Faction
Mint Director's Figures Are Attacked by Trade
Journal, but It Is Now Certain That the
White Metal Is Again Upon the Up Grade
New York Clergyman Comments
Interestingly on the People
This Side the Mississippi
WESTERN MEN
ARE PRAISED
HEINZE'S MEN
NOT DISBARRED
TEN DIRECTORS
OUT AT ONCE
INCREASE IN SILVER
OUTPUT IS VERY LARGE
THE SAN FRANCISCO : ; CALL; SATURDAY, JANUARY .16, 1901.
9
QDDBBHBBEOBDESBiBOBBSBCBECSOQaEESS&BBHBKBEBSSBn
S A View of the Great St. Lonis Exposition From Your Armchair §
| . g
! ...ST. LOUIS... 8
g \ 1 Fi
I World's Fair Portfolio Series I
t 1 : t g
s IN BEAUTIFUL COLORS S
| I 1 • g
g PRESERVE THIS SERIES TO BE BOUND IN PORTFOLIO FORM g
a a
| 1
g Greater San Francisco's Greatest Daily scores B
~ a^ain \rith an entirely new Sunday feature. P3
p: By an exclusive arrangement, secured at an enor- S
2 mous cost, THE SUXDAY t'ALIv will be the first to *¦
S lssae tlie WORLD'S FAIR OFFIdAIi ART SERIES.
S rcprodnctfons In color of the grounds and bnilding? gj
M nt the IxiiiJ«iana I'urclia«e Kxposition. Q
S H
gr.-..i . ¦ ¦¦-. .-¦¦.-¦.• " ;;,•¦¦¦ ¦¦; "/•¦¦¦". ' : ¦¦ ¦;. ¦ ¦¦¦¦-¦¦¦ i : +m a
of, - ., ¦ " , ' : ; t -,i g
a W . - ' : - . ¦ , .:-. ¦ ¦'¦;-¦ • ' :¦»%¦¦¦ ¦¦ ¦ ¦¦¦¦• -.-• i :-:- .- -.. - ~r-~r"i m
«r... - : - •;*.'.--. y 4 -,j \,"j s
g-v :\ ,- ; -; - . . , . &*£ $1 *> J \ n
j 1 . - .:** V^. ¦ ... j . J". ¦ ¦ < % ' ' I l^JJ* " .- " ' f \ ¦ ¦' ' -f" ¦ ¦'.-¦¦¦ "..-. J* .ft h ¦ .._ ,-. ¦¦ -. '? ¦¦•¦¦ Jf M
13 •• "~ -*' rf^jyi'? 1 i'-.X'-~ '^/' "5^^*^*^ '.W^fc- "... '^i'^w w^j&_ Cy" ' :.%*'" -^* -r *•¦" < v .- •*¦ '.¦-¦ EH
B MACmXERY HALL. , S
Irr — n s
g THE FIRST OF THIS SERIES WILL BE ISSUED g
§ SUNDAY, JANUARY 31st | | |
a
P The original of that Sunday's Art Supplement Is S
gg the ftrrt artistic reproduction 6hovin£ the architec- g
C taral beauty of the Ivory City, and is selected as one g
Zl of the best of the many views submitted, it being the H
f| object to combine in a limited series the most Import- . 0
g ent and Interesting features of the St. Louis World's J3
3 Fatr - . S
>3 The Palace of Machinery, representing power. B
g force, in reality the pivot on which this Immense ex- R
£j liibftion revolves. !s tlie inaugural Issue of what will g
q doubtless prove tlic most Interesting series that was f=
iS evcr ren tree by a publication- q
g The main entrance to this bulldinz shows a triple H
g arcade, with lar^c pavilion in tlie center. The north
r front, wbich Is thirteen hundred feet In length, has an nj
gj «• arrade or nine arches as a center feature. . • g
5 Follonin^ the classical In -rchitectaral effect. '^
« there arr foand several beautiful examples of the Ital- [|
• b lan and Spanish Renais<anee styles. Tlic brilliancy of *=
a color, the realistic scene, with the moving crowds of §
q tightscfr*. give \nriety and animation to the picture. JR
Xothins Is so universally attractive as power. Men. &
£; animal* and nature are most fascinated when, by **
rj Its exercise, they dcmon«trntc possession of extraor- q
• u dinary po^er. Admiration for might nnd the desire 'H
B to se«» it in cviflrnce. to feel it and sense it. to remem- M
YL bcr It and to tell of it. arc instinctive factors with 35
« men. women and children. This is the keynote to the B
g collection and arrangement of the exhibits In the Ma- - S
g chlnery Department — Power. Here are shown the m
H method* nnd means for creating every variety of ma- B
. H chinery for the generation, transmission nnd \nso of H
g Forty thonsnnd horses* hnmrssed together and S
Of ptilllng with one mighty concentrated effort convey b
E the Idea of the total power which makes the wheels ?
g of this World's Fair go round. The engines, con- Fd
'¦* densers. pnmps. movlnc mncliinory and accessories *
3 , makinsr np the P?""*** 1 Plant, which is the tersest ever B
a fhown at an exhibit, are installed on the main floor • a
H of Machinery na" and occupy the entire westerly half B
JS of that building — an area of something over 200,000 M
j: *ouare feet, or about tlie size of an ordinary city K
§ wock. . _.; ra
a Tiiere wUl doubtless be an unprecedented demand «
U for this SERIES. Nearly every one will want to pre- H
•B eerve thent to be bound In PORTFOLIO FOR3I. ft
6 Jteko certnin of your gcttins the full set by giving B
I I THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL I J
S GREATER SAN FRANCISCO'S GREATEST PAPER S
si __ : — _ _J g
H . ... . \ .. a
W ALIi TRAIN XEWSBO1S AXD ALL NEWS £3
* DEALERS SELL THE CALL. (fl
BEiaiBaBlBIBIHBBSBllBBBBBBBBaBSBBBBBISBHBBBBB
ADVEKTISE2tE2TTS.
ABSOLUTE SECURITY
Gnaios CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS mnst bear
f ac-siiile Signature of /^^^^
a_ A . ¦««.•¦ II n \ K it=a P — 3 Small Dos*.
*V- Thty TOUCH th« L.I V I&R SnmiPrJca
Genuine Wrapper Printed on -^y^ v r ~"
AMUSEMENTS^ .
*"f \ ' """ " i i
MATINEE TO-DATT.—
LAST NIGHT/
Miss Vivian Prescott
In thetPaJtoral Southern ilelodranja,
IN CONVICT STRIPES
A Storr of Life In the Hills of South Carolina.
TO-KOKROW MATrtTEE
ONE NIGHT in JUNE
A PJay for the People.
USUAL POPULAR PRICES. •
¦ i
10=BigActs=l0
Howard Thurston; W'allno and Mari-
nctte; Asm; M'hJte and Simmons
and Orphenun Motion Pictures. Last
times of Hallen and Fuller; Duml-
trescii, Van Auken and Vannerson;
the Sa-Vans; Cliarlotte Gcjer
George and the ToLins.
Regular Matinees Every Wednesday, Thurs-
day. Saturday and Sunday. Price* lOo, 25c
ani 50c
COLUMBIANS
THIS. WEEK AND NEXT WEEK
™Hr LANGTRY
•MATINEE TO-DAY.
To-nlcht. also next Mon., Tues. and Wed.
Nizhts.
"MRS. DEER1NGS DIVORCE."
Next Thursday. Friday and Saturday Nights
and Saturday , Matinee. First Times Here of
Sydney Grundy's J
"THE DEGENERATES"
As played by Mrs. Langtry for -ISO consecutive
performances In London and the Provinces.
Sun.. Jan. "4 — German Performance. "ALS
ICH WIEDERKAM."
Jin. 2*— "A CHINESE HONEYMOON."
|«r^ LAST TIME— TO-NIGHT^
8 t(7 rip t H °y t>s i 0
n CHINATOWN... M
nj * To-morrow — THE FATAL WED- Lj
U SPECIAL — Next Monday — W
O Opening of advance sale for L 1
n '•THE ETERNAL CITY." with v4
LJ EDWARD MORGAN and entire [^
m original New York cast. 11
bry»-
TlVQLISo^;
Matinee To-Day at 2:15
- When Johnny ¦
Gomes Marching Home.
A Military Spectacular Comic Opera by Stan-
' lslau* Stange tr.d Julian Edwards.
Martial Music! Picturesque Scenery! North-
ern Sotdlers and Southern Sweethearts!
TJsnal Fopnlar Prices. . . ,25o. £Oc csd 75c
Box Ssat« 31.00
ALCAZAR-H-~r
. General Manager.
•TO-NIGHT— THIS WEEK O51T.
MATINEES TO -DAY AND 8UVDAT.
GREAT HIT OF
THE MOTH SSSSSfa,
artrl 5*« CUMm'l
...UllU... co«tian»
THF FI AMF ?7
¦ Weddi^r.
Evi'f. . --"c to 7&c. Mats. Sat. and Sun. 1.1c to 50c
NEXT MONDAY— First time In this city.
Th« Wailai-k Theater's Hit of Last Reason,
The Cyclcnic American Comedy.
MRS. JACK,
100 NIGHTS IN NEW YORK.
UklV B 9lniJB PROFS
Market st., near E!?hth. Phone South 333.
TO-NIGHT— I.AST TWO NIGHTS,
MATINEES. TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW.
First Tlrr.e Hera of the Eastern Success.
The Moonshiners
A Comedy Drama' of the Virginia Mountains.
ThrilUnjt! Entrancins! 'Sensaticnal!
First Appearance in This City of
TOaZaSY SHXAEEB,
The New Comedian of the Central Stock Co.
DDIfPC Evenlne*. ....10c t&COc
lAlwCJ Matinees..... ..'..ICc. 13c. 23c
Week of January IS— \ .
> THBBOWEST GIB!..
jiu^^^^lS MtNAWDWOMEII.
i^^riTtFA^a CseBIcOfornnnstarai
nSSr in ltei itriyQ Hi»charge3.infl»nim»tlont.
£&3i%f Omii»at«d irritation! or ulcoritioaj
fHSmV um itrUtar*. of .mucous niamfcrsne*.
E* Ak Prm** Cnmlo. . Pkinleft, nnd not ailrla-
BKirdtEMWSCMEMIOlGa. e*at or \ oiionoos.
feSa eiW!X!UTl,O.Era S«W fcy »ra»xlat»,
C4.JU 3Sll OT •* nt iB P 1 "' 11 "rap?*!.
#£2$*^ fcr eiprfsa. prepBid. ZCT
r \W9HR?B (1 °°' nr * tottlee 92.1$.
*^|JSgg^ f % v .»C Circnla/ Kct oa Truest
AMUSK3IKATS.
SATURDAY and SUNDAY
January 16 and 17.
First rundown on Saturday, bsslnstn* at
11:30 o'clock sharp. Sunday coursing wllj be-
gin at 10:30 sharp and continue till last win-
ning (las coca up.
TOTAL PRIZES— —-$860
All MiMfon-street cars transfer to Guerrero
cars, which go direct to the park. - -
- THOMAS TIEHNET. Jude#>.
EDWARD SHOUTS TAG. Slipper.
Union Coursing Park
P. J. REILLY, Judge. JA3. F. GRACE. Slipper
SUNDAY, JAN. 17, 1904
Gigantic Open Stake
Of Seventy-Two
fligh'CIass Performers
$1008=TOTArPURSE"$1099
TRAIN SERVICE:
I>>ave» Third and Townser.iJ streets at 1C:5S
a. m. and 1 p. m. : Twenty-fifth and Valenrl»
streets, five minutes later. Returning, at 4:15
p. m. and after the last course. San Mftteo
electric cars direct to park entrance every tdv.r
minutes' during; th» day.
ADMISSION 25 CENTS: LADIES FREE.
Never In the history of our popular hous»
has there been such a great popular suecesa as
Every theater-«o«r in town will coraj to ses tha
EXCEPTIONAL { g£ Ictofc
Our "All-Star" Ca?t.
i "Obstlijatf LIzz'e May."
UClin I "Two Ey»s of Brown."
nDAKniti "If «> W«r« Running tlu»
• I Town" anri •
• Thr famous Stratus Wj'tt
MATIXEES SATURDAY AND 9CXDAT.
DEAVES 1 MERRY MANIKINS
An* a Great Show Every Aftsxaodfc %a«
Evenlnif in me Se»t«a TSeattr.
A CHINESB BAEY IN THE INFANT LNCTU-
CCE-VTOR.
Visit tbe Mystic Mirror Maz3.
Take a Trip Down the Flaan.
IHSPECT "CASABET DE UL' MCBI."
Admission. Kc: Ch»l<fren. 8c.
When Phoning. Ask icr -The.Chat-s."'
LYRIC HALLJO-DAY
BURTONliOLMES
' LECTURES.
"ft'rYOSEMITE
S» GRAND CANYON
SN'AKE PANCE MOTIOX PICTURES.
Reserved Seats, 5Ce, 73c and $1. at Sherman,
Clay A Co.'a. ,
st: louis ij-j^y
WORLD'S FAIIl VIEWS
IN .BEAUTIFUL COLORS
The Official Views . of . the
Louisiana Parchasc, Exposition
to be held at St. Louis will be
Issued as supplements . to The
Sunday Call beginning with the
issue' of Sunday,- January 31 exJ
Agents and newsdealers will do
well to order early, as there will
be. a great;, demand '-for' these
beautiful views. . *"
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
, — j^j , — i ; — ¦. —
SPLIT, BBITTLE, DULL EAXB.
All Come . From Dandruff, Which Za
Caused by a Germ.
Split hair, hard hair, lusterless hair,
brittle hair, falling hajr. all owe their-
origin to dandruff, which Is caused by a
measly little microbe that burrows into
the scalp, throwing up the cuticle into
dandruff scales and sapping the vitality
of the hair at the root, causing the sev-
eral diseased conditions of the hair till it
llnally falls out. Modern science has dis-
covered a remedy to destroy the dand'uff
microbe, which is combined in Newbio's
Herpicide. the delightful /hair dressing.
Allays itching instantly and makes hair
soft as silk. Take no substitute; nothing
"just as good." Sold by leading druggtsts.
Send 10c in stamps for sample to The
Herpicidb Co.. Detroit. Mich.
m iiii
THEBOARO OF %
LONDON WINE MERCHANTS
HAS SELECTED
DRYMONOPOLE
A5 THE BEST
CHAMPAGNE IN THE
/S WORLD
1 D bb (J ri jS B H
1 @€tutf£ BBABD 1
| QUARTER SIZES QOARTlft EACH I
Rl CLUETT, PEAQOOY A CO. E3
m Mater« oi Clurtt and Monarch Shirti S
Pnfac? don't failTto
laiaVW- 8ee the beautiful
j • COURT Lounging
/Illfl ¦ 'roonuth* EMPIRE-
aillt PARLOR, the
r J PALM ROOM, the
lir/llifl LOUIS XV PAR.
Ml UllU LOR and £ e LA .
U X 1^ ; DIES' WRITINO
notels g opy 1
AMUSEJiEXTS.- _
Racing -j9£j||^RaciRgl
OAKLAND RACE TRACK
¦-" NEW ; CALIFORKI A JOCKET CLUB.
Commencing January 4. . '
. Racing Each Wee-k Day. Kaln or Shiaa.
Six or More K aces Daily.-
r Races . commence at '2:15 p.' m. sharp. .
For special trains stopping at the track tak*.
S. ' P Ferry, loot of Market street.' • at . 12.
12:30. 1:00. 1:30 or M o'clock. ¦ No emoklng to
last two cars, which ; are reserved for ladles
and - vhelr ' escorts. : ... , :
-'.. KeturnlnK -.trains leave ¦ track at 4:10 and
4:45 and immediately after the last race. <
THOMAS H.WII.MAM3.- President.
TERCT . W. TF.EAT. Secretary. '¦• There Is" much anxiety 'among! grain
men at the condition- of • wheat in"Kan
sas. It has . been ' found {that ; the Hes
sian fly exisUv-here to an alarming ex
tent.* .' • — ¦;' ¦ ¦-_-'•¦' -;<¦'¦ - •;.-¦¦.
Louis Kragen of Kragen's Furni
ture Company. 1017 Market street, se
cured a warrant from Police Judge
Cabaniss yesterday for the arrest of
C. Shapfer on a charge of felony em
bezzlement. Shapfer was a , collector
for the company and it is alleged that
he collected $53 54 yesterday and re
fused to turn it over, defying the com
pany to do Its worst.
Accused of Embezzlement.
William Grant and Louis Falls are
in "the tanks". at the City. Prison and
probably will be charged with burg
lary. About a week ago Policeman
Arey arrested Caznaga Carlos In
Campbell's toolhouse. Townsend and
Jordan streets, but two men that were
seen running out of the tobihou3e es
caped In, a boat. Grant and Falls
were arrested in a Junk store on Third
street by Policeman Tillman jwhile
they were trying .to sell, some: of. the
tools, stolen from the toolhouse.
Suspected of Burglary.
The. following named have been in
stalled as the officers of General Nel
son AV Miles Camp No. 244 of the
Spanish War Veterans for the current
term : " George . C. 'King, captain : E. F.
Schulz. first lieutenant;' A. B.Christen
sen, second lieutenant; J. T. , Costello,
chaplain; Joseph Bowden, adjutant;
Bernard G. Dingier, quartermaster:*!!*.
G. Leffermann. sergeant of the guard ;
August Schnepf. corporal of the guard-
Joseph Donohoe, sentinel.
unreasonable. that a player should have
the : privilege of lifting and dropping
his ball whenever It -comes to rest oa
anjvone. of ..these -spots. - There is an
inclination, to stretch the rules about
dropping a ball-and even to* supplement
the. general laws. of the game by local
rules to the ; same end. » This tendi ncy
should be discouraged."'
Spanish "War Veterans.
Jeremiah Donovan came up for
trial before Judge Lawlor yesterday
oh a charge of assault to murder, but
was allowed to plead guilty to an as-
Euult with a deadly weapon and was
sentenced to serve two years in the
Ctounty Jail. Donovan was an inmate
of the Almshouse and on October 16
he stabbed John O'Brien, a night
watchman. He was an Inveterate
drinker and quarrelsome when in his
cups.
Donovan Pleads Guilty.
Proof Is Vnearthed That Registration
Lists Were Extensively
Padded.
SCORES OF ILLEGAL
VOTES IN DENVER
DENVER, Jan. 15. — Proof of the
padding of the registration lists of
Denver County previous to the late
charter convention election was r.n
earthed tc-day at a Joint of
the Supervisors and Aldermen. It was
discovered that sheets containing 4014
fraudulent names had been inserted
in the lists of 1586 voters whose ex
cuses for their failure to vote at the
November election had been accepted
by the Council. A committee was ap
pointed to probe the matter to the
bottom.
Snes Sheriff for Damages.
Sheriff Peter CL Curtis was sued for
$10,000 damages by the Indspendent
Fruit Company yesterday. The plain
tiff claims that he levied an attach
ment upon its place of burlnes at "07
Washington street yesterday monitng
and then refused to release the at
tachment upon demand' The Inde
pendent Fruit Company wai lacor
oorated Wednesday lasL
Data beine gathered by the South
ern Pacific passenger department
shows that during 1<JO3 there were
more than J250.000 persons who came
into California from Eastern points by
way of Portland. Opden a«id El Paso
Ot this number 30,000 traveled oii
round trip tickets and the balance on
oneway tickets. The total number
of westbound travelers was 20 per
cent more than in the previous year.
Although the company has not yet
compiled its figures on the amount of
local traffic over its lines during 1903
It is known to have been heavier than
during any previous year.
Figures for Through Tickets for 1903
Show a Marked Increase' Over
I*revious Year.
HEAVY TRAFFIC OVEII THE
They were convicted and sentenced
by Judge Cabaniss to pay a fine of
$100 each for conducting a gambling
game. An appeal was taken to the
Superior Court and Jndge Lawlor sus
tained the Inferior tribunal. The case
was then taken to the Supreme Court,
which refused to , reverse the judg
ment. •
Attorney Joseph Coffey has handled
the case for the prosecution. The de
fendants have made a bitter fight of
it, but they must at Jast suffer punish
ment. -'¦. ¦..*": }
The defendants were running a
gambling game, which they chose to
call a brokerage business. They were
raided by a squad in the time of Chief
of Police Sullivan and Valentine and
three assistants were arrested.
W. T>. Valentine and those who as
sisted him in the conduct of a "stock
exchange" on Ellis street a few years
ago must either pay the fines imposed
by Judge Cabaniss or satisfy the judg
ment by spending several weeks In Jail
according to a decision rendered by
the Supreme Court yesterday.
In the Case of W. D. Valentine
and Assistants.
Supreme Court Declines to Interfere
SAYS "STOCK EXCHANGE"
WAS A GAMBLING PLACE
The foundation, piles and stringers for
the new cuarters of the South End
Bowing Club are in- position and plans
for a commodious- clubhouse are under
consideration, . The • handball court
owned by the club was sold some time
ago and the old clubhouse, which there
was some talk of removing to a new
site, will probably be sold for the lum*
ber in it.
Work. Is progressing satisfactorily on
the hew Quarters of the Ariel Rowing
Club, the outer part of the structure
being finished sufficiently to- house the
boats. The Interior arrangements, such
as lockers and decoration, will be com
pleted at an early date. -
At ths last meeting of the Alameda
Boating Club' there was a keen con
test, among the candidates for election
as officers to serve during the coming
half year. Charles H. Smith, who had
filled . the . office of president . for more
than a dozen terms, having announced
his intention not to be a candidate for
re-election. W. B. Hinchman, who had
fulfilled t the duties of secretary ever
since the foundation of the club, was
selected by the rowing men of the or
ganization as their candidate for presi
dent, but was defeated. The following
•were elected: A. Kihm, president; F.
S/Cone, vice president; F. E. Brown
ing, secretary; A. G. Bell, treasurer;
Z. T,Thorning, captain; B. G. Lyons,
lieutenant captain; John Hammond,
John Trainor and W. L. Frier, mem
bers of the executive board; Roy Pratt,
sergeant at arms. Arrangements are
being made for an entertainment to
take place at the clubhouse.
."An event of .more importance and one
that will prove Interesting is the mixed
doubles which; will start: in 'the 'Cali
fornia Club courts next Saturday ¦ aft T
ernoon. All of the best » players, 'bath
The first four. or five; matches Avould
be won by the; California Club. The
remainder would .probably be close, but
not more. than one or two should Tgo; to
the park. --¦_¦-;.•"¦ '- : . ' _ ; y--,
The Dark club has manymore play
ers than. the California Club,, but there
Isj a decided lack of class. The only
way to even up matters would be to
have the. No. 1 team of. the California
Club play the No. 9. team of the Golden
Gate Club and No. 2 play No. 8, and
so on. In this way some of the'matches
•would go to the park players, although
the rest would be j too one-sided to be
Interesting. The Californja Club teams
would be picked from the following:
J: D. -MacGavln. Will Allen, W. B. Col^
Her, F. S. 1 Mitchell, Wiir Taylor, j. S.
Tobln, Herbert Schmidt, Harry Rolfe,
Sidney Salisbury, Dr. McChesney, Dr.
Hill. . C. J. Smith. Frank Stringham,
Ray Cornell, 1 Herbert Long, Melville
Long, A. E.~ Beyfuss /and Ray Splivalo.
The park wbuldhave to rely, on such
men cs th'e >Baker •• brothers, Gardner
and Dunlap,' Foley ana .Griffin." James
and Russell, the "Hotchkiss brothers,
Brabant and' Palmer. Code "arid ; Am
brose. Mann and French; Finriegan.and
Bates. , - :, -'... ¦¦. -- . -...;.
The idea is a good one andworthy
of encouragement; .but | it is doubtful
if the park player's can send nine teams
that will v be able to 'make, the club
members extend themselves. ! Most of
the best players, of .the park club are
in reality California Club members and
would represent the latter in a meeting
between tha two. Such men as' Mac-
Gavin • and Allen I would play f ot the
California Club.
The idea is to have each club pick
nine doubles teams, and have No, 1
meet Xo. 1 teamand No. 2meet No. 2
team, and so on. The challenge has been
accepted by the California Club and the
matches will be played at Scott and
Bush. streets on the 24th inst.
The Golden Gate Tennis Club has
issued a challenge to the California
Tennis Club for a meeting to be held
on the latter's- courts to-morrow. On
account of the handicap doubles the
date of the challenge has been changed
to one week later.
The handicap doubles tennis tourna
ment which was commenced two .weeks
ago will be finished to-morrow at Gold
en Gate Park. The event should have
been finished last Sunday, but the rain
prevented. .
.-.Here is: an golf • problem.
A, player's' J&air. comes \to rest oh sand
with j which the . greenkeeper has "filled
up^a 1 hole*ln the turf. Is this "ground
under. repair,*'., and may a. ball be lifted
and dropped jj without - ( penalty? The
rules- of : the* golf- committee .in ¦ Great
Britain; decided* that , the ball must .be
played where' it; lay.. The ground was
not "under .repair,'.' .the turf hot being
rolled' upland „ no* alterations -being, in
"progress. ' A v defect .In 'the. course. had
been supplied^^ and. the player's ball .was
In" a^much better-^iJosltion.thanJt wouid
have been, if ; the bal] had^ lodged In -the
hoie made 7- by. ' the ,* divot. ;.'- On a' .well
kept, green . there i } may be scores of such
marks filled !up' with' sand and it seems
A British amateur named F. W. Robb
has | recently made a' wonderful} score
on Kilmalfcolm j links, about sixteen
miles 'from' Glasgow, covering eighteen
holes ?in'64; • arid \ making the i last nine
holes in"-2T— an" average of 3s.'-F. Mac
kenzie" has * covered ' the , St. Andrew's
course < in T4 and '©.'¦ Bone made'' 73 on
the course of,*the Glasgow. Club.'. . ;
; VBoth- thV;'Bri"tifch? gblf championship
tournaments *df 'this year will be played
on the *. links' of Uhe Royal St. George's
Club 1 at 'Sandwich; '¦¦ The vamateur In
ternational ma,tch r and r the: contest for
the St. Geotg&a' grand challenge cham
pion cup,' geherally ; known as ;the St.
George's 1 - vase, ; -will,'- be' played on 'the
same course.' The.dates for.'these events
will have; toibe selected; carefully to
suit the convenience. . of the golfers
taking part in them. ; Special interest Is
always 'felt in the .Contest for the St.
George's vase when the amateur cham
plonsh'ip /meet'js. ; held; at Sandwich, as
many 'of the ¦amateurs compete also lor
that prize." ,'. • : - , .
'.,'] Miss .Glover, Jthe Scotch golf cham
pion,, two or : three r nionths ago won a
driving contest 'in England with a drive
of 149. - yards '2'; feet.-- . This is not to
be 'compared with a- drive made at'the
ladies* championship. meeting at Wesi
wardvHpL in 1900. .On^that occasion
Miss VWhlgham ''drove a "ball ¦ 220 yards
from a tee.". .'." • . ".. .';». .
Early during the week a distinguished
British amateur, golfer, : W. Bruce Goff,
who has been in- the semi-final. round
for the amateur' championship, was in
San Francisco on a visit, j He visited
the Presidio golf course, where J.W.
Byrne, beat him in an elghteen-hole
match.' He. has left San Francisco for
South America,- but • on his return • to
London.will write some articles ongolf
in California' for a. British publication.
J.W.-' Byrne -left San Francisco on
Tuesday for New- York" and will be ab
sent for several weeks. £';. ?<•'.'•
¦ The'teams that will meet;at. the park
to-morrow are. Brabant and .Palmer.
Finch and ' Mann, Code and /Ambrose,
Hotchkiss " brothers, -Mann and : Finrie
gan and~Gabriel : and Drolla: V'AH she
teams are ' fatfid withlri; 3-6? of each
other and, the -handicaps" will ; be small.
None of ' the remaining teams has won
the (cup's and. two' new-; names will- be
engraved uponttiem,!!' "-"¦•¦ ¦-¦¦ :
Miss E. Ratcliffe and J..D. MacGavln.
Miss Hotchkiss and Will Allen. Miss
Mary Ratcliffe and Frank Stringham,
Miss Alicia Mills and [Harry" RoJfe, Miss
Bessie Valleau and' Herbert Schmidt,
Miss Ethel Smith anc Chester Smith,
Miss Devereaux and N.lBlaisdell, Miss
Ellen Page and , Ray Cornell,- Dr. and
Mrs. Lovecrrove," Miss Alice Hoffman
and Will Collier, Miss Anita Beyfuss
and A. Beyfuss.. 'The event is open to
women," but only California ; Club "men
are' eligible. The tournament will 1 be
played "on" Saturday afternoons arid" It
will probably take • two. or ? three • days
to' finish it. • .'; ¦•¦¦•. '¦" .. ¦'•¦'•¦¦•-*¦ •
The members of the San Francisco
Scottish Bowling Club are at present
wondering when the two large tourna
ments on their hands will be completed.
The drawing and preliminary arrange
ments for both were made several
weeks ago, but the club is without a
green upon which to play the matches.
The new green has been used so con
stantly of late that the grass was found
to be-dying, and it was thought best
to close It for several weeks.' New
grass has started and with'a little care
the sreen will,.. shortly, be as good as
ever. In the meantime the tourna
ments have;been postponed. ¦'
. The more enthusiastic players jour
ney to Recreation Park on Saturday
afternoon's and. In this-way keep in
form.' The "green Is not good, but does
well for practice purposes." Manytplay
erswlll enjoy, their favorite pastime on
the v o!d green this afternoon. f
.;!¦ . ' •.;. ., • :r.;;;,; -" •{-'£
women and men, have entered, and
with.proper handicapping there should
be some great matches.. The Ratcliffes
and Miss'Hotchkiss, who played such
a fine exhibltion at the park last week,
wjll be-in the event with the strongest
men entered:. Miss Ethel Ratcliffe .'and
J. D." MaeGavin and. Miss Hotchkiss
and "Will Allen will probably be-the
scratch teams. Those who are expected
to enter are.:: - ¦ ' n
Tournament Matches Are Post
poned Until Nature Repairs
the Club Rinks in the Park
Park Players. Want to Test
the Mettle of the Men From
the California Club in Doubles
Alameda Boating Cluh Chooses
Directors to. , Sqrve During
Coming Term of Six Months
British Golfer of Distinction
Playing on the Reservation
Is Beaten by Local Expert
NOTED AMATEUR
AT THE PRESIDIO
TENNIS EXPERTS
ARE CHALLENGED
OARSMEN SELECT
NEW PRESIDENT
SCOTTISH BOWLERS
WITHOUT A GREEN
Berger is out on the road each
morning and boxes in the afternoon
with good men. Murray and Lundy
are training at night. Lundy has his
brother to work with and Murray
works out with clever scrappers and
plays havoc with the wall mattress.
Eddie Graney has consented to ref
eree the contests. He will receive no
compensation, as the events are strict
ly amateur. If Berber wins he will
go to the St. Louis exposition to con
test for the amateur championship of
the United Ptat«-.
On next Tuesday night the best
amateur boxers in this city will con
test before the Lincoln Athletic Club
in Mechanics' Pavilion. They are
training hard for the bouts and much
interest is being taken in the exhibi
tion. Members of the Olympic Club
will turn out in large numbers to see
Fammy Berger fight George Sullivan.
George Murray will try conclusions
with Billy Stewart, and Bob Lundy is
to go against Jack Burke. Murray,
Berber and Lundy are working hard
at the Olympic Club and are in splen
did shape.
George Sullivan In Mechanics'
Pavilion Tuesday Night.
Clever Amateur Heavyweight to Meet
SAM BEKGEIt TRAINS
HARD FOR COMING BOUT
ATHLETIC OLYMPIANS WHO HAVE GAINED HONORS IN THE HANDBALL COURT
William Greer Harrison.. Kenneth
Melrose and Louis Rosenfypldare great
"fans" and watch the hard ball players
with much interest.' Charles Sullivan
Jim McElroy and Bill Kennedy are
back into the game and are gradually
rounding into form. ';"'*..*¦
J. C. Nealon, the veteran handball
player, has been forced to give up the
game until he recovers the use of an
injured flnjjer. Jack Bonnet is getting
back to his old-time form and controls
the ball with great skill. George James
is also coming to the front again.' He
is a strong and aggressive player and
never quits. Hughey Jones and Tom
Curley play together.in the evening and
enjoy some fast games. Leader Jack
Gleason plays occasionally, and plays
well. For a heavy man he gets around
the court in speedy fashion. He con
templates holding a doubles tourna
ment for hard ball players in the near
future.
On Sundays the big court is crowded
with spectators, who watch the crack
players of the club in single and double
handed games. Al.Hampon no longer
plays in championship form. He
strained the muscles In his right should
er and he cannot hit the ball as he
would like to. "Heiney" Corey is the
coming player of the club. Corey has
an awkward toss, but drives the ball
with great speed. Every Sunday after
noon Jack Bonnet, Louis Levy, George
Cunningham ah'd Corey play exhibition
games. These are watched with great
interest by the members.
Henry Russ is one of the best single
handed players in the club. Young
Pockwitz also plays^ well. Monroe
Green drives the ball with great force.
Poheim injured his arm playing the
game and it has set him back. Max
Rosenfeld plays. a strong game. "Tiv"
Kreling, the Klondike champion, is fast
and usually plays a hard game. Harry
Bogen is a little overweight and is not
playing his game. Otis Crable uses his
clenched first in striking the ball, and
he controls it cleverly. He is able to
send the ball ur> with terrific force.
Judge Fritz keeps his avoirdupois down
by playing handball, and he plays a
brilliant game. Dr. E. X. Short, Dr.
Morton, Dr. Gibbons, Dr. Rumwell, Dr.
Converse and other well-known . mem
bers of the medical profession play the
soft-ball game with great cleverness.
George James and Jack Gleason have
essayed the game, but will have to
stick to the hard ball as the ceiling is
too low in the .little courts. Charlie
Knight keeps In shape, as does George
Birdsall. playing the game. Garnet Fer
guson and Bobby Bowman have • de
serted the hard ball game. Guy Ran
some and Leo Starr alternate between
the courts on the roof and ihe hard bail
court.
Handball has taken great strides In
the past year at the Olympic Athletic
Club. The four courts are always
crowded with players, while spectators
fill the galleries. The soft ball seems
to have more devotees, as the man who
uses his hands in his profession or busi
ness can play the game without danger
of Injuring those useful members.
At the present time a doubles tour
nament for the championship of the
club is in progress. Tom Magee and F.
Bayne are the best pair in the tourna
ment. They have met and defeated
Pockwitz and Poheim, Crable and Bo
gen. Powers and Fritz and other clever
players. Magee Is in the East, and on
his return he and Bayne will play Russ
and Bowman.
Those of the Olympic Club Arc
in Use at All Hours and
Provide Healthful Exercise
HANDBALL COURTS
ATTRACT PLAYERS
Advantage was taken of the pres
ence of so lar^e a number of mem
bers to discuss in an informal manner
the course to be pursued by the club
with reference to the "ways" used for
hauling boats out for cleaning and re
pairs. The club at present owns a set
of "wavs" at Sausalito that will ac
commodate boats not exceeding 45 or
1.0- feet over all. but it does not own
the lar.d on which the "ways" are built.
Jt was explained to the members that,
¦while the possession «3f "ways" is de-
Firable, the purchase of the land on
¦which the "ways" now stand would not
necessarily secure their use to the club
permanently, since the owners of wa
ter lots in front of the land might fill
in their property and cut off the "ways"
from access to the waters of the bay.
The matter will be discussed more fully
at the annual meeting.
The nominating committee will pre
pare a list of nominees for the offices
of the club, which list will constitute
the regular ticket to be presented to
the members at the annual election
of officers to serve during the coming
twelve months. The meeting will be
held on the second Wednesday In Feb
ruary.
The names suggested by one party
of the members were those of Dr. T.
L. Hill, James Logan and F. H. An
drews, and by the other party those of
ex-Commodore George E. Billings,
George T. S. White and Dr. W. L.
Spencer. At the first attempt to cast
a ballot it was found the numbers of
ballots exceeded the number of mem
bers present when the roll was called.
After a good deal of discussion it was
decided to call the roll' again, each
member depositing his ballot as his
name was called. James Logan re
ceived 51 votes. Dr. T. L. Hill 4 9. while
Oeorge E. Billings and F. H. An
drews lied. George E. Billings retired
from the contest and James Logan, Dr.
T. L. Hill and F. H. Andrews were
declared elected. G. T. S. White and
Dr. W. L. Spencer received 46 votes
each.
At the meeting of the members of
the San Francisco Yacht Club, held on
Wednesday evening in this city, nearly
120 members were present, though
more than a dozen of these went .away
before the voting was concluded.. The
chief object of the meeting was to elect
a nominating committee of three
members. ¦ .
The Referee. Qulta. Frisky Barbara. Master
Clair. Doc Burns. Cloudburst. Young Johnny
Rex. Crawford Belle. Golden Rule. Wedg*
wood. Medley. Troublesome, Ploughman. My
Bonnie King, Young Fearless, Real Duchess,
Pacing BUly, Clover Blossom t ' Royal Friend.
Roy Huxhle. Glaucus, Homer Boy, -Maid of
Mercy, Red Rock, Laughing Water, Topsy
Turvy, Haddmsrtcn. Cloverdale. Maid «*f the
Olen. Iont Hill. Boots. Little Mercy. Viking.
Una, Our Minnie. Prometheus. Texas Betty.
Jessie Dear. Flower of Kerry, Monbells. Fan
nie Huchie, Celtic. Toronto. Northern Alarm.
Odd Eyes. Gold Lily. Ragged Actor. Uenlo
Prince.
Ninety-six evenly matched grey
hounds will compete at Ingleside Park
to-day and to-morrow. The first brace
will go into the hands of Slipper Shors
tag this morning at 11:30 o'clock. The
likely winners look to be:
The Belle Brandon cup. for grey
hounds whelped in 1902, will be run on
February 21-22. The California plate,
for greyhounds of all ages, will be run
at the same time.
Palo Alto and Pocatelll. the rival
champions, will make their reappear
ance in a seventy-two dog stake to
morrow at Union Coursing Park. Both
have been given some extra prepara
tion in view of the strength of the
hares which are being coursed. The
coursing will commence upon the ar
rival of the 10:15 o'clock train. There
will also be a train at 1 o'clock. The
likely winners look to be:
Bonnie Pasha, Concord Tralee. J-E H, Rene
gade Apache, Emln Bey. Barge. Concord boy.
Jack Short. Fair Tralee. Pocatelll. Irvlngtoa
Tralee, Comstock. Ulack yiush. Sea Lion,
Apple Blossom. General de Wet. Charter Mem
ber. Orsina. Comlque. Melrose. Racing Auto,
Woodland Belle. Cubanola. LUy Wrlsht.
Gambit, Palo Alto, Evil Eye. Ruby Sankey.
Th»lma. Texas Jim. Wild Nora. Rocker Arm.
Vandal. Free From Flaw, Mount Rose.
Charles Matteson. who was ruled off
by the" California Coursing Committee a
year and a half ago, has been rein
stated. He was Implicated In the Hes
per-Whisper case, and the committee
thought he had been sufficiently pun
ished.
The question of a revision of the
rules governing the scoring of points in
coursing is being discussed by followers
of the sport of the leash. The rules in
vogue to-day are those drafted a cen
tury ago, and they are said to be out of
date in the present condition of the
sport.
Few people have mastered them, but
spectators are quick to follow the lead
of any one questioning a judge's deci
sion. T. J. McHugh. who has been Iden
tified with coursing for many years as
an official at Ingleslde Park, offers the
following- timely suggestions:
I have s«*n all the Judges of coursla* la
California for the la»t quarter of a century
and I hare noted that whether a. greyhound
shows two. three or four lengths of «p«ea
over an opDCnent he Is Invariably «lven tn<»
same credit for th« auDeriorlty ¦hawn. xn«»
allowance Is two points for speed and one tor
the turn. If a dorr leads another »lx or eight
lengths to the hare I believe he should b«
credited with one point few each length. Th«
rule *ays: "SDeed shall be estimated as one.
two or three points according to the degree or
superiority shown." This Is the rule apart
from the clause relatins to the score for the
This rule has been In roeue for the last
century and nhould surely be brought up to
date. I would suggest that a number of com
petent men owning greyhounds confer with th#
California Coursing Committee. Thev could
draft a rule that would encourage the brewing
of extreme soeed into greyhounds. They
would probably find other rule* In need of
revision if they continued their worlc Th»
judging of coursing: Is a complicated art and
few people have mastered its Intricacies to an
extent which qualifies them to criticize tha
hard-working officials who preside In th* sad
dles.
Governing Committee Believes
Charles 3Iatteson Has Now-
Been Sufficiently Punished
The Club 3Iay Acquire Land on
Which to Build "Ways" for,
Hauling Out Tlcasure Craft
A HUNDRED VOTES CAST
OFFENDER IS REINSTATED
3Juch Enthusiasm Is 'Displayed
at Meeting of San Francisco
Yachtsmen in This City
Sport Is Being Judged All Over
the World on Lines Which
Were in Vo^ue a Century Ago
LEASHMEN FAVOR
A REVISION OF
COURSING RULES
SAUSALITO TARS
PICK NOMINATING
COMMITTEE MEN
THE, SAN FRANCISCO, CALL, SATURDAY. JANUARY,. 16, ,190*.
OLYMPIC ATHLETIC CLUB HANDBALL PLAYERS SHOW MARKED ACTIVITY
10ASTORIA Or., Jan. 15. — Officer* «f the
dreCse Chinook etate with two months' fine
weather the dredge would provide enough water
on the bar to accommodate ! the largest ehlps.
The wcrk thus far has been' done under the
most unfavorable condition, a heavy swell hav
ing been running* every day the Chinook
worked. ..... . . ....
Peter D. Martin has entered lnto'the
polo at the Burlirigame Country Club
with zest. He has been playing a good
game at practice during the week. He
brought three ponies from the East,
but. they are hardly up to the high
standard now in use here.
Peter Martin on tho Polo Field.
Ff re Damages Liarge Water Tank.
CRESCENT CITY. Jan. 15.— A large
water tank connected with Hobbs,
Wall & Co.'s mill here was badly dam
aged by flre this afternoon and for a
time the surrounding structures were
threatened with' destruction. The em
ployes of the mill worked energetic
ally and ; soon had the flames under
control. The damage will '¦ be consid
erable. " | ' v. 5-
Railway Company Elects Officers.
SAN DIEQO, Jan. 15. — At a meet
ing of .the directors of the new San
Diego Eastern Railroad Company to
day'the following officers were elect
ed: 7 Chairman, C. W.- French; presi
dent, A. A. Purman; vice' president,
George W. Marston; secretary, V. A,
Dehnnel; treasurer, G. W. Fishburn;
general counsel, L. L. Boone; chief
anzineer, H. T. Richardson.
Second race — Prince Bruttw. Henry
Ach, Firelia.
Thirl race— Bear Catcher, formatter.
H. Ii. Frank*
ronrtn race — Martinmas. Jockey Club,
Arcade.
Tilth rac»— Bay 'Wonder, O'Ento,
Lacy Crawford.
Sixth race— Leafier, Ben MacDhui. In
cubator.
Runaway Lad Located.
Jesse Barnett. a 13-year-old boy. who
ran r/ay from his home,; 617 Birch ave
nue, several days ago, was taken Into
c.stody by City Marshal Arellanes at
Ventura yesterday afternoon. He will
be sent on to his home in this city.
first race— St. Winalfrifl*. Hatnault.
PROBABLE WIHNESS.
SACRAMENTO. Jan. 15.— -The City
Board of Health met, in executive ses
sion this evening and by a unanimous
vote vacated the office of plumbing in
spector, formerly filled by R. e.
Chapman. Governor Pardee filed
charges of Incompetency against
Chapman because Chapman failed to
"detect or abate an odor of sewer gas
that pervaded the Governor's Man
sion. The session of the board lasted
nearly four hours.
Plumber Chapman Loses His Job.
Storm Is Itaglns in the Northwest.
ASTORIA. Or., Jan. 15. — The worst
storm of the winter broke over the
Northwest late.th'.s afternoon and to
night the gale is blowing fully eighty
miles an ¦• hour. The barometer has
taken a sudden drop. The British
ship Cromartyshire did not appear off
the river to-day. She was compelled
to put off shore last night and could*
not get back to the river against the
east wind In time to take advantage of
the favorable weather during the '
morning. She may not reappear for
a week.
Officers Detailed to Cruiser Tacoma.
VALLEJO, Jan. 15.— The new
cruiser Tacoma is expected to arrive
at the. navy yard to-morrow to be put
in commission. | The following naval
officers have been ordered to the ves
sel: Commander Reginald Nicholson,
commanding; Lieutenant Commander
Harry, George, executive officer; Sur
geon, M. K. Johnson; " Lieutenant W.
D. Leahy.- Ensign H. K. Cage, Mid
shipman w. W. Gaibraith and As
sistant Paymaster George B. Bloomer;
First Lieutenant P. E. Chamberlain,
U.S. M. C, chief boatswain.
Dougherty and Feltz Box a Draw
BALTIMORE, Jan. 15. — Danny
Dougherty of Philadelphia boxed
Tommy Feltz of Brooklyn fifteen
rounds to-night to a draw before the
Eureka Athletic Club. The Philadel
phian had the better of the argument
on points.
PORTLAND. Or.. Jan. 15— Tho
North. Paciflq Racing Association met
here to-night and named racing dates
for the 1904 fall meet. The total
stakes on the circuit will amount to
more than 530,000. The association
expelled Jockey A. C. Parette for us
ing abusive language to the Judges at
L«wiston, Idaho. Parette is now rid
ing at Los Angeles, Cal., and steps
will be taken immediately to notify
the Pacific Coast Jockey Club of his
expulsion.
Jockey I*nrettc Is Under the Ban.
VICTORIA. B. C. Jan. 15. — James
Dunsmuir, defendant In the Hopper-
Dunsmulr will case, was cross-exam
ined this morning. L. P. Duff, K. C,
whose examination was quite acrimini
ous, endeavored to show that the de
fendant had tried to cause the San
Francisco business of R. Dunsmulr'a
Sons to lose money by raising the price
of coal f.O cents a ton to them. This
the defendant denied. The loss of re
cent years, caused by strikes, on ac
count of which defendant had been
obliged to bay cargoes of coal In Aus
tralia, and the growing use of oil as
fuel for steamers, had lessened the de
mand for coal.
Dunsmuir on the Witness Stand.
Bob McArthur, the all-round ath
lete, hns consented to assist the San
Mateo Athletic Club members in box
ing and wrestling. He will not ac
cept compensation for his work, as he
does not want to jeopardize his ama
teur standing. Quite a colony of Olym
piq Club men live in San Mateo and.
are Interested In the new club.
McArthur Will Coach Boxers.
SPOKANE, Wash., Jan. 15.—Presi
dent Lucas of the Pacific National
Baseball League and Manager McClos
key of Salt Lake are In the city to at
tend the meeting of directors. The in
dications to-day strongly favor a four
club league, consisting of Spokane,
Eutte, Ogden and Salt Lake, leaving
out the coast cities. The seasoni is ex
pected to open about April 26 and last
sixteen or eighteen weeks, with five
games per week.
Buscbnll in the Northwest!
Unless the Hayes Valley Club peo
ple can get the permit for that month
the manager will have a brace of
fighters on his hands. Alex Greggains.
who can. apparently, have the Janu
ary permit for the asking, seems to
have abandoned all intention of; pro
moting a fight this month. He claims
Jack Gleason was. acting for him
when the latter signed the two 'boxers
and that Gleason was to get $1000 fpr
his work. It is a matter of history
that Greggains did not get the fight
and he has not figured out to his own
satisfaction how it all happened.
Forfeits were posted yesterday by
Britt and Young Corbett binding their
match before the Hayes Valley Ath
letic Club. The struggle is now on to
see which club will secure the permit
for March.
Struggle Is Xow on Among the Clnb3
for February and March
Permits.
Among: the successful anglers were
Sam Wells; Bert Spring, J. Urie,
Charles Breitenstein, Frank Dolliver,
F. Carrlol, Bob Sangstor, E. Pincus and
others. On Wednesday Sam Wells
caught three fish weighing fifteen
pounds each. J. Halstead and W. Hal
stead caught six good-sized fish.
John Fatjo and party caught twenty
fish weighing: 160 pounds on the San
Antonio slough, near Petaluma.
The steelheads have started to run in
the San Gregorio lagoon. They are still
being taken at Duncans Mills.
Many steelheads have been caught
during the ?ast week in Scott and
Waddell lagoons, near Santa Cruz
Some of the fish weighed more than
forty pounds. The fishing in Santa Cruz
Bay has been excellent.
More steelheads tvere taken last Sun
day at the White House pool, Point
Reyes, than in any one day in twenty
years, according to the veracious ang
lers. The fish were all in Hne condition
and weighed from eight to seventeen
pounds.
Exciting Sport Is Afforded the Anglers
By the Fresh Run
of Fish.
"FORFEITS ARE POSTED
-, BY BRITT AND CORBETT
STEEIiHEADS ARE TAKES
IX WHITE HOUSE POOL.
¦ <55!»4>'Laay Bimbo <Lagoria & Forbee) 101
4051 Golden Light «McCan>rty) UH
557.1 Cougar < Klunder & Burns) 11^
6512 *gt. Wlnnlfride <Elnk) W
44*S tollr.ua (Levy) JJJ*
B4»4 'Halnault (Thomas & Reavey) 10<
B729 Polonius (Stewart & Co.) *w»
Second race — Four furlongs; 2-year-olds;
P ."'!. Head Dann> <K1 Primero Stable) 112
Torto-Hula.
. S655 Hrnry Ach (Schreiber) }l
5«l» Edith Vice cBlancht & Co.) l«s
5715 Neva Lee (Gregory & Co.) »w
6619 Liberty Star (RowcU) »J^»
5715 nose Eley (Blaslngame) J«>
U!ly Colden (Collins) lw
KUmrt-Row Maid.
•. . Golden Idol (Rowell) • 1 —
• Golden Dawn-Vettalis. _
50.W Plrella (Miller) ri?2
.171.% Vrinee Brutus (Frank) •• •*«
G715 Oloomy Gus (Burns & WatThouae). .10o
Third rnc»— Six furlones: 3-ycar-olds; Purje:
J?orniESt*r <Boot* & Kollenberk) 108
MM Bear Catcher (Fergunfm) '"*•
r.r,4fi I>r. RottHI <Bla«in5ramr) -¦-¦••• »'"»
6741 Rockaway (Burn* & Waterhouw) 118
5727 Celebrant (Hamilton Stable) 100
5511 U. L. Frank (Cameron) «»
Fourth race— Adam Andrew Selling Stakes.
M , anV a half furlongs; 3-year-olds and up;
iMM Mockey Club <FUher) »»
<5'Kl)Arcarte (Jennings & Co.) i««
«r.CU)»Ju<lKe (Daly)....- ••• *»
r,705 -John A. Fcott (Jonw) «
,V»KTWck Turpin (Recgrar,) »l
«57l^)Mart!nma« < Hensnall) i»7
r.45.-: Prln«-e». Titan'.e < VounK) «S
.-»«M 'Painty aennirits & Co) »
5CS^ 'Daisy Green (Follansbee) «»i
Fifth race— One mile; 3-year-olds and up;
"^Harry Thatcher (Mrs. Hai-tlnge) 107
502.1 'Harry B«-k (Lynch & Co ,.) j«
<5707)L-icr CraxvfcrJ rSchreiber) l«fl
r.TW* 'Rthel Abbott Oltller) J^
<r-7<»«:)'C;» waine (Cotton) «»
S70C 'nyronerdale (Cnn») 91
Kd Antclee (McC-ftffcrty) «»
(.ViiDCarcnai (Chsppcile) •»
r.704 Tern Flavin (Clifford) JOJ
•V.Tl 'rillasen (Dcm) j*»
r.7» 'Kitty Kelly (Stanfield) »«
<5CSd)*Bay Wonder (Kewman) »'
Sixth race — One and a sixteenth miles; 4
year-olda and up: handicap:
5717 Trader (Jenninsrn t Co.) 102
.".C71 Flush cf Gold (Owen) 07
5717 Our BfMie (Newman) •/;*" .!
r.717 Major Ttrny (Piedmont Stable) m
W>1 Incubator (Van Meter) 105
MBS Ben MacDhul (Ryan) 109
(D671)Joe Le«i*r (Beam*) 00
•Apprentice allowance.
NEW om.EANS, Jan. 13.— Crescent City
r££R4it8 I
First race, selling, six and a half furlcngs—
Travers won. Amorous second, John Coulter
third. Time, l;20 4-5.
Second race, one mile— Pettijohn won. Car
dinal Woolsey second, Bohul third. Time,
Third race, one arid a sixteenth milea, sell
thfrd TinU T-" % 8 MaUa ' r 8econd - Lampoon
Fourth race, seven furlongs., handicap— Levi
Horsey won. Invincible second. Boaster third,
rime, 1 :_c 3-0.
Fifth race, one mile and twenty yards—An
"**¦ . M * V WOn ' , E . l , bCl Wh *»t second. Mynherr
tmrd. Time, 1 :•»•>.
j Sixth race, one mil* and twenty yards—
thlrt^Tlmf"' l"Tl k * CoCkran Mi:ond - Kh akl
X XEW ORLEANS RACE RESULTS.
McCloud is a compactly built black,
white and tan English setter by Trihy
Bov, out of Sadie Hopkins. He dis
played rare field qualities. He is a
fast and wide ranger and keeps pegging
away every moment he is down. His
work on birds is of a decided order
and he is liable to land at the too of
the list.
Following the all-age stake the mem
bers' stake, open only to members of
the club, was started. The first brace,
consisting of J. W. Flynn's pointer,
Nelly Bang, handled by her owner, and
H. W. Keller's English setter! Sombra,
handled by her owner, were cast off in
high grass and worked through a
slough bottom lined with heavy cover.
A bevy v/as soon flushed by spectators
and the - dogs settled down to work.
Nelly was first \to point and she fol
lowed this with another find. Crossing
into the adjoining field she ran into
another bevy, which scattered out.along
the bottom. Sombra now got to work
and ran up four* points in quick suc
cession to ' one of which she i behaved
rather badly. Down forty minutes.
' Mr. Tevis not being upon the grounds
with Cuba of Kenwood, the bye dog.
Mr.Van Arsdale's English setter Count's
Mark, handled by his owner, was put
down, with Cuba Jr. as a brace mate.
Count's Mark was somewhat wild at the
Kiigarif. the winner of the second, is
a large black, white and tan dog by
Orion, out of Mary Lou. He hardly
displayed the form shown last year
when he won the Derby hands down.
Kiigarif showed good speed and range,
coupled with clever style, and displayed
splendid judgment in his work on birda.
Me is not as taking as his kennel mate.
Lady, but is a dangerous competitor
in any company.
The winner of the first Is a sweet lit
tle English setter of refined type, and
showed a wonderful burst of speed, as
\\e\l as range and style, such^as is sel
dom seen In a field trial meet. When
extended, she runs like a greyhound,
and never lets up a moment when In
competition. She is conceded by Judge
Bell to be in the first flight, and fit to
run against the highest class dogs in
America. Her opportunities on birds
in this stake were limited, but she took
advantage such as offered and, taken
all in all, was in a class by herself.
Lady* was bred by W. W. Van Ars
dale of San Francisco and is by Cham
pion Count Gladstone out of the fa
mous Peach Marie She is a litter sis
ter to Mr. Van Arsdale's Peach Blos
som, which recently won the Illinois
champion stake In competition With
some of the best dogs in America. She
has now won seven times in trials.
KJLGARIF IS RUXXER-IT.
the dogs failed to do any point work
and, after being down twenty-flve
minutes.during which Lady showed her
superiority in speed, range and style,
they were ordered up. 4 nd tn e awards
were announced by Judge Bell as fol
lows:
First, J. E. Terry's English setter,
Lady; second, J. E. Terry's English
setter. Kiigarif; third. W. W. Van
Arsdale's -English setter, McCloud Boy.
BAKERSFIELD. Jan. 15.— The final
heat in the all-age stake in the field
trials was run thl3 morning. J.- E.
Terry's Lady and the same owner'3
Kiigarif being the contestants. The
setters were cast off in an open coun
try. Both fanged out well, especially
Lady, which made several long casts
before being called In to work on scat
tered birds which had been driven to
cover by spectators. A few birds were
seen to flush as the party came up, but
BY C. W. HIBBARD.
The Occidentals— Chiveru, goalk*>eper: Uoyd.
left back; Milne, right back; Roberts, left half
back; EvanB, center halfback; Oracle, right
halfback; Bowden. outside left: P. Lyden, In
side left; V. Holland, center forward; Hayes,
inside right; Higglns, outside ; right.
During the last week the following
registrations of players eligible to be
selected for league matches have been
made: Able W. Young. William Rob
ert Podmore and William D. McAr
thur in the Oakland Hornets; Dan
McGillivray, Richard Paterson and
John Knight, in the Pickwicks.
The standing of the teams for the
championship of the California Asso
ciation Football League Is shown in
the table: .
' ~ - Matches. J Goals. *J
, f 2.
•n 4 r o i > =
TEAMS.- £ f I £ ? £ T
Thistles .'.-... 7 7 0 0 30 2 14
Vampires ...8 « 1 1 23 3 18
Independents ........ 8 6 2 1 23 8 11
Albion Kovers. ....... 7 2 4 1 « n 5
Oakland Hornets.,... 8 1 9' 2 . 9 16 ' 4
Occidentals '..... 9 0 5 4 0 34 4
Pickwicka ........... T 1 S l 0 33| g
The three league matches will be
as follows: Thistles- vs. Oakland Hor
nets on the Presidio athletic grounds,
San Francisco, beginning at 10:30 a.
m.; Albion Rovers vs. Independents at
Idora Park, Oakland, beginning at
2:30 p. m., and Pickwicks vs. Occi
dentals on the cricket ground at Ala
meda, beginning at 2:30 p\ m. Ar
thur Robinson will referee the match
between the Thistles and Hornets; .X.
Logan or G. K. S. McCallum will be
the referee of the Albion-Independent
contest, and A. W. Wilding of the
Pickwick-Occidental match on the
Alameda ground. The teams will be
made up as follows:
The Thistles— Lowe," roalkiiper; Tlerney.
left back; Forrest, right baekX Taylor, lett
haltback; Duncan, center halfback; McGregor,
right halfback; H. Dither, outside left; F.
Disher, inside lelt: T..S. Uydon. for
ward; A. Dlaher. inside right; J. Smith, out
* The Oakland Hcrnets— C. C. Y. Williamson,
goalkeeper; Connolly, left back: Burdon or
Podmcrr. rljht back; Young, left .halfback;
Chambers, center halfback; .Bird, .right half
back; Dean er McArthur. outside if ft; Col-.
Chester, Inside left; Shand. center, forward: 1
McKenzle. Inside right; Alexander,, outside
The Albion RoVers — Hosford, goalkeeper:
John, lett back; Gillchrest. right back;
Bayne, left halfback; Matthleson, center half
back; Taylor, right halfback; Bradley, outside
lelt; Duquesne. Inside left: Churchill, center
iorward; Tweedie, Inside right; Ooodlet, out
side rlsht. - .
The Independents — Forbes, goalkeeper:
Lynch, left "halfback; Armstrong, right half
back; W r alsh. . left halfback: Mechels, center
halfback; Nolan, right halfback; Russell, out
side left; E. Fay. Inside left; Watt, center for
ward; T. Fay. Inside right: Ellis, outside right.
Th- Pickwicks— Knight, goalkeeper; Bouton,
left back; Todd, right back: "James. left half
back; Warren, center haltback: Paterson,
right halfback; Murdock. outside left; Cowan,
inside left; McGllHvray. center forward: Wat
ter», inside right: Robertson, outside right. -
Three matches will be played, to
morrow for the championship of
the California Association Football
League and there will be two friendly
contests. As the Vampires have no
league match', their first eleven will
play against their second team on the
cricket ground at Alameda, the ball
being kicked off at 11 a. m.. with J.
D. Robertson as referee. At the same
hour at Idora Park, Oakland, the hos
pital corps of the Alameda eleven will
engage in a friendly match with the
second eleven of the Albion Rovers.
OAKLAND RACEXKACKt-FRIDAY. Jan. 15.— Weather foggy. Track fast.'
5T:t.s. FIRST RACE— Futurity course: selling; 4-year-olds and' up; value to first. $325./
I g <JfX j Horse and Owner. [WtjSt. U . >i- ?«. Str. Fin. j Jockey- Op.. Cl.
i£?c iw' 5^'' 181 a <J. A. Murray). JlOSJ 1 ... 1 1 lTi£l u. \ 2'l\K\inx.. .TT7I .. ; 10- 20 ..
rr... r> y ur I>r!se. 4 i\V. Rogers). .|l<Wi (J ... 5 % 2 n :{ l»£fi 2 iCrosswalte 4 ¦ ¦'¦'- 4
r^wi i£, 0 , yeb , T i d - 5 lC - Parker) ...... | lo.-.| 3 ... 2n (i 'i 4 h 3 % |IIildebrand <S 1>
?1" 0 l?, kll \ Me - c 'Madison i- Co.)..! 110. S ... <; li S4 fin 4h Foley R ,12
r-tw ,[, ?J do - a <Slsk»you Stable).. Jin| 7 ... 7 Vt o h 7 5 5 h Hoar .'..... . 10 17
IS! P?,V. d0 [- 4 (VV - K F;nc > ' 10S ! 2 ... 3 h 4 l%8 i fi 4 |J. Martin... 6 '13
EJJ 'k'ttie .Sister.r. <Graffort & Co.MDiSL 4 ... 4 .« 3 ?i 2 h 7 B "Laraen 6 ft
?-iI ™* -° Tar * u * : - a <^ v a'*> 1112 9' ... 8 2 7 3 8 1 8n |Burn« .'....' 11-5 0-5
rj>\\ i^ 8 """ 11 "*?. 5 (Prltchard) |13C 3 ... 9 15 » 10 9 10 9 10 |L. Jackson. ' 30 x SO -
r-i<" 'Z? £ ¦ 5 (W - P - Magrane)...|lo7!lO ... 10 10 10 10 i\V Colernan 25 30
EilO |\\. Overton. 4 <Kncbelkamp)..jlO3j Left IMcBride .... 10" 16
Time— :24U. :«. 1:10^. . At post 4 minutes. Off at 2:15V>- Algaretta. place, 7; show. S. .
h i ¦ P' ar *. "~- show. 4-5. Rosebud, show. 8-5. Winner, br. m. by Bramble-Cale
• i ° - T . ralned b>" P. Quisley. Scratched— Clausup. Start bad. Won in a drivs of.
~ • v " lnner h»d all kinds of speed to-day. My Surprise ran her race. Rosebud cut
on on back stretch by Little Sister. Rinaldo away none too well. Saul of Tarsus slow
away and no rhance. . - .... - - " i^
C73». SECOND RACE— Five and a half furlongs; selling: 3-year-olds; value, to firat. $325.
Index! Horse and Owner. jWtiSt. U. 14. %. Str. Fin. Jockey. I Op. Cl.
r^Ti !The .. Cu ?" e ° V - Fisher).,...... 112| 5 . . . 6 % 5 1. 'l >U Hi Larsen . . . . 13-5 5
'-}i « U K ttS <B - Schrelb^) IHwl 1 •-• ! 1 2 1 2 I 2 3 Burns ..... 6 R
tiki r\ C I ZO <Puebl <> Stable) 11012 5n .1 n .1 h. 3 m IJ. Daly.... 20 30 .
s^i Dundreary (K. & W.) 103 9 ... 8n 81 DlMh iBell 12 10
y. b ". Cacdl <l (Appleby & Co.). 102! 8 ... 4 1 4n 4 % 5 lVi Hildebrand 2 9-5
521 H^nwood (Moshler & Co.). . 105111. ... 10 1« 1 8 1 6 2%|J Martin... 8 ,12
W-n ;i ar » ette < D - S. Fountain).... 1102 10 ...11. 11 92 72 Travers ... 10 15
60.0 Bombardier (F. Skinner). .. ..(Ill 7 ... »1 7 .1.4 5 n 8 4 See 7 9
8GS8 lln«trument »McA!e«ter & Co.)lll2 3 ... 3 h 6 9n Wonderly . 8 15
i 4 !? Xh TuSef 'Summers & Co.)..|l(ii 4 ... 1 % 1 H 7 »il0 Fola»- . 30 60
5t.O Northwest (Clifford & Co.). .-.1100 12 ... 12 12 11 It J. T Shehn S 9-2
iThe Lieutenant (H. Stover). ..ilO9| 0 ... 7 »j 9 12 Reed 20 00
Tirrie— :24 -19 l:07H. At post 3 minutes. . Off at 2:40. Cure place. 2; ehow. 4-5. Lustlg. .
place. 3; show. 8-5.- Scherzo, rhoxv, 6. Winner, br. c by Dr. McBride-DIjlIke Trained
by W . Fisher. Start, fair. Won handily Xext three driving hard. 1 Winner In a soft
spot. Lustlg ran an improved race with Bums up. Dundreary a slow beginner. Lib-
Candid . w **^jyJ* gl " d j c d. Targette off poorly. Bombardier can do- better.
¦574O. THIRD RACE — Futurity course; selling; 4-year-olds and up; value to first. 5325.
Index; Horse and Owner. ¦ WtiSt. U. Vt- %• Str. Fin. Jockey. Op! cT.
5C«jS !cousin Carrie. 6 (Burger).... 105 2 ... 2 3 2 h 2 h 1 iw Kunz . ~ 6T13T1O
«S ;Mt. McGregor II. a (B. & W) 1151 1 ... In 11 I !J 2 14lBell 6 6
?-^ !?, u ?j° G ' ri - C 'Flwgerald)... 1031.6 ... 4 1 S \\& % 3 ns iOUphant ... 1 10
Modder, 6 (Buckholtz & Co.). (112 5 ... 6 3 6 3 4 h 4 3 IHaack '4 - 4
r>7ie jPuss in Boots. 4 (.Josephs)..* 102 4 ... 3 h 4 % 5 li 5 14 iFoley .' 6 7
571(5 Waterpower. ft (H. Stover) 1115 :: ... 5 n 6 n 6 2 6 2 See 7 12
57:10 !Hella*. 4 «J. Creely) ]1C!<! 7 ...-72 78 iS 78 Wrigl't -» 00
j^gOJCijUbo. 6 (U. g. Blackburn) .. 1 107j 8 ... 8 8 S S ¦ • J. Gruwel'l. 30 1C0
Time— :24. :4Sii. 1:11. At post 1 minute. Off at 3:01. Carrie place 1-2; show~~l74.~Mc~-
Grogor. place. 3; show. 3-2. Girl. show. :{-£. Winner, ch.! m. by Midlothian- Sister
/• , Tra:nr<1 b >' °. Burger. Scratched — Amoruna. Drennus - Dora I Amara. Start
good. A\on in a drive of four. Mount McGregor should have won Bell let Cousin Car- .
rle slip through on rail the last part. Rustic Girl ran an excellent race Modder both
ered feme, tolty rode Pu's_ In Boots. Waterpower ran a poor race.
5741. FOL'HTH RACE— Six furlongs; handicap; 3-year-olds and up; value to first, $4C0.
Index! Horse and Owner. j" t!St^j- '»' ?i- Str. Fin. j Jockey. Op. cT.
r'-^T Igold Money. 4 (Jenning?). . . . 1101 « ... 5 3 4 lvls n 1 % \S MartlnTT S-2 I1T5
W»l Fossil (Parker & Co.) 119 3 ... 4 1145 2 ,8 5 2 ns (HiJdcbrand 7-2 4
5t*l iRockaway. 3 «B. & W.) 1C4! 4 2 h 2 4 2 >4*3 h |Bell ..... 4 7
»5t'4.1);sad Sam. 6 (IU Green) jlH 1 ... 1 4 1 Ifcl l" 4 4 !Sherwo=d . -5 11 '
C705 .Claude. 4 (M. J. Da'.y) |ll2|2 ... « 6 JJ 5 2 IJ Daly .12 -13
570JJ lHagerdon. a (H. L. Frank). . .jllOl 5 ... 3 h 3 94 4 V 2 6 iLarsen .... 5-2 ' 3
Time — :24>i. :47, 1:12)4. At post 3 minute?. Off at 3:31. Money, place 9-10- show 1-2
Fosfil. place. 0-5: show. 2-5. Rockaway. show. 4-5. Winner ch m. by Gold Crest-
Mcney Spinner. Trained by W. B. Jennings. Start good. Won in a drive of three
Gold Money stood a long drive gamely. Fossil was badly bumped on back EtretA by
Hagerdon or he might have won. Rockaway ran his race Too much weight on Sad
Sam. Hagerdon quit. Claude was not badly beaten.
574^. FIFTH RACE— One and an eighth milts: selling; 4-year-olds and up; to first. $325.
In«Jfx; Hcr*e and Owner. IWtlSt. *i . >i". % . Str. Fin. 1 JockeyT I Opt Cl.
BOO JFlUe d'Or. a (Kenyont j W; R ... 1 h In 1 n 1 h iTraversTT 2() 30
5700 Expfdient a <P. E. SmUh). . .11111 1 ,.. M2 » 1 «2 2 ns IBozeman'. . « 16-5
6CS3 lAugie. 6 (Copps & Co.) IWli 7 ... 62 4 U 4 h 3 n IKunz 25 15
BOCt iUiriJu? 5 (M. J. I>nly) I101J11 ...' 2 i^ 2 % 2 h 4 a; Iw Daly .. 16-5 4
57W. ."• (.1. Hanna> 1114! 4 ... 3 3 :f 14 5 14 JH. Spencer^ 4 ' B
Z't 2 Orand Sarhrm. a (Morsnl. . . . |101 j 9 ... II . 5 >j 5 n (I 2 ICrooswaite 15 30
3TU« Be Happy, a (J. Green) ! J»9 10 ... 8 % TJ3/T 2 7 n Wright ... 30 CO
T.71S MacGyle. a <C. T. Boot.-:) jlll! « ... 0 2 1<> »2 H >A [Burns . . 5 «
BTOfl Put Master. 4 (C. P. Fink).. 106 3 .,. 5 1 SI IV -» i' 3 j t Shfhn ¦« 6
SCr.7 El Pllsr. 5 <A. A. Haskell). . . 1C2| 2 71. 7 1 11 It ' 10 4 , iFoley 20 3«» .
57C2 'BrJypac. 5 (J. J. Marklein). .. |101i 5 ... 4 n 6 1 8 1 11 , ( OHphant ... 20 20
Tlm« — :25. :50»i. 1:15. 1:42. 1:55. At post 1 Ms minutes. Off at 3:57 FIHe d'Or place 12- ¦
. show C. Expedient, place. 0-5; show. 3-5. Aufrle. show. 3. Winner br. m' by G'aleri
<1'Ur-Jt,ana. Trained by W. H. McNames. Scratched — Donator. Start Kood "for all hut
Kapidus. Won in a hard drive of four. fog obscured view of race Positions taken
by men stationed at each pole. Winner had bert racing luck. Expedient stood a hard
drive. Lapidus pounds the best. Was not straight when barrier went up. Milas ran
his race. MacGyle is broken- winded.
SIXTH RACE — One mile; sening; 3-year-olds and up; value to first. $325.
Ind*xj Horse and Owner* [TVtj8t. '.i . »*. %. Str. Fin. Jockey. \ Op! CK
5fiK2 Niprcttf-. 4 (W. B. Jennings) .. I !>«i 3 *4 2»J4 2 2 I«j2 1^1 h Kunz 11-10 13-10
BTftl ITrlephone. 3 «R. A. Smith)... «Hi 2 1 », 1 % I K 1 n 2 4 Greenfield 7 7
(5t"47)iAvenper. :i «J. F. Sc>orr>.... S6j 1 2 tH2 1H3 3 3 2 3 3 Hildebrand 11-10 13-10
5670 jroroner Kelly. 3 (Bender) 03! 4 5 5 4 4 4 4 4 6 Oliphant 10 I**
T.714 iFlorinna Belle. 3 < Miller Co.) 761 5 3 1 3 «j 5 5 5 • R. Colema'n! 50 ' 75
Time— :2S :43. 1:15. 1:3SU. At post M minute. Off at 4:22. Nigrette place. 1-3- »how
out. Telephone. p!«c*. 2: show. 1-2. Avenger, show. out. Winner blk. m by'Midln
thlan-Twinkle. Trained by W. B. Jennings. Start poor. Won first two dr'lvinjr hard
Third stopping. Xigrette best. Telephone wtll ridden. Avenger tired. Coroner Kelly
ran very fair race.
ENGLISH SETTER WHICH
DISTINGUISHED HERSELF
IN THE. FIELD TRIALS.
Three Arc for Championship of
the League and Two Merely
Friendly Trials of Skill
FIVE FOOTBALL
GAMES ARRANGED
FOR TO-MORROW
A number of sportsmen attending the
trials will remain over until Saturday
or Sunday to engage In quail and v duck
shooting.
The field trial meeting was one of the
pleasantest in the history of the sport
on this coast, and good fellowship pre
vailed throughout. Judge Bell exerted
himself in a way which left no doubt
as to his earnest desire to place the
dogs in their proper places. How well
he succeeded Is shown by the total lack
of dissension, which so often mars thp
pleasure of field trial meets. Sportsmen
fanciers owe a debt of gratitude to him
for the. creation of new Ideals In the
perfect field, trial dog.
The last brace was W. S. Tevis' point
er dog Cuba of Kenwood, handled by
his owner, and C. S. Coggin's English
setter Mountain Quail, handled by her
owner. This brace was cast off in an
open field containing low cover, in
, which the scattered birds of a bevy had
j taken refuge. Cuba made three clever
i points and outranged his brace mate,
! which was in high flesh and not ln
j clined to overexert herself. Quail made
one stylish point and both dogs backed
well. After runlng thirty-three minutes
j the dog3 ; were ordered up and the
• awards announced as follows: First,
[ W. W. Van Arsdale's Count'3 Mark;
[second, \V. S. Tevis* Cuba Jr.; third,
I H. W. Keller's Sombra.
j.
commencement of the heat, but soon
settled down and did some splendid
work on birds, showing fine style and
speed and running fast throughout al
though this was the hottest part of the
day and conditions were bad.
MEMBERS' STAKE WIXXER.
Sixth race, seven furlongs, selling — EvaneJer
107 (Buxtnn). 2 to 1. wen; Glenrice. 1C7 (L.
Spencer). 3 to 1, second: Jlngler, 112 (Robert
son). 12 to 1. third. Time 1:30. Frank
Penrcf. Legal Maxim, Wachirsctt, Florista and
Lady Rice also ran.
Fifth race, six and n half furlcngp; selling —
Little Margaret, 9!>.-(J. Lewis), 4 to l, won:
Montana Peeress. 102 < Huston). 2 to 1. second-
Piquet, !)2 (\V. Knapp), 7 tp 1, third. Time.
t:22H. Fle«.. Nac«n, Double 'O, The Cove
nanter and OllviJo also ran.
Third race, one mile and seventy yards, sell
ing — Labor. V;jO7 (Fltzpatrick), 20 to 1. won;
Flourish, H>7 (Plckler). 4 to 1. second: Farmer
Jim. 112 (Robertson); 7 to 1, third. Time, 1:48.
Merwnn,'. Autumn' Time, Rio Chlco, Ulm,
.Sclnvavsvvald. Ping and Goldcne also ran.
* Fourth race, Slauson course, purse — Golden
Role. 122 (Redfern). even, won; Americano. 110
(Prior), i to 1. second; Golden Mineral. 90
• Knapp). 7 to 1. third. Time, 1:10*4- Trap-
Shooter and IiliMful also ran.
Second race, one mile,- selling — Elwocd. 100
iRedfern), 4ty-to.l, won;- Elle, 98 (Andprson),
2 to 1, second: Fox Lake, 65 (J. Lewis), :i0 to 1,
third. Time, I'.iitf. Tomhawk. Carnival. N'eko
«ml Anirail also ran. •'.
First race, Slaufon cour.««?,. selling— Rng Taif.
115 (Li. Sp<?iK<T)". 4 to* f>. won:- Mealcanna. 101
(J. : Lewiif). 7 to 5. second; Thifbe, 105 {T.
AVal*h). •-) to 2. third. Time". 1:1 1%. Brown
Priiicr.'.Dollie Welthoff, Agnes Mack and Ea
tado also ran. i ¦ ,
SUMMARY.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 15.— Golden
Rule was in fine form to-day and won
the feature race of the card at Ascot
Park, over the Slauson course., in track
record time. With 122 pounds up he
stepped Ihe distance in 1:1<H£, winning
pulled up from Americano, Golden Min
eral- third. Blissful; the second choice,
was never a contender In • the race.
Two out of six favorites won and'the
ten books quit the day with good bal
ances on the right side.. . . .."
Rag Tag, a 4 to 5 favorite, won the
first'race over the Slauaon course, Mex-'
icanna second and Thisbe third. El
wo6d had no difficulty with his field in
the second race, winning by himself,
half a dosen lengths ahead of the fa
vorite, Elie, with Fox Lake third. El
wQod was as good as 5 to 1.
Labor was the outsider that fur
nished the biggest surprise of the day.
He defeated the heavily played favor
ite, Merwan, and the well-backed sec
ond choice, Flourish, in the third race.
Labor won in a driving finish from
Flourish, with Farmer Jim third. Mer
wan could not get up during the race.
The fifth was a fierce betting affair.
Nanpil opened favorite at 2 to 1 and
was "played down to 7 to 5 at post time.
Montana Peeress \yent down from 3 to
2 to 1, Little Margaret from 6 to 4 to 1.
The others were not lacking in backers.
Little 'Margaret .won in a close finish
from Montana Peeress, with Pique
third. •,*.
The last race was captured by Evan
der at twos. Glenrice, the favorite, was
%econd and Jingler third. Legal Maxim
opened at 40 to 1 and was played down
to 8 to 1 and finally off the boards as
they went to the post. She was never
in the running. Frank Pearce was cut
down at the start arid came 1 in on three
legs, tie will' be laid up for. a long
time. Weather fine; track; good..
T,al)or, an Outsider, Furnishes
' the Ki«^ Surprise of the Day,
Beating McrSvan and Others
First rax-* — Futurity course; 4-year-olds and
upward: oel&cff:
W5KS •Quiet < lion-ell) .....107
r.71'5 Emma Rr-ur-old (Appleby & Co.)...... f»8
ftfsa'J Scotsmen <Jwmlng* A. fo.) .....100
«719 •FVirt Wayne (How) ...inn
W03 •Waxo tfcfceridan) ,, ,....,,,..,. 95
The Aflcm Andrew selling stake,
with $2000 in added money, to be de
cided this afternoon at Oakland,
should furnish one of the greatest
races of the season. There is a splen
did field. of starters, the best in the
history of the stake, and any one of
the eleven starters may be conceded a.
chance. The starters and their proba
ble riders are as follows: Jockey Club
(93). Larsen; Arcade (106), J. Martin;
Judge (S5), \Y. Daly; John A. Scott
(95). Hildebrand; Dick Turpin (91).
J. L°wis; Martinmas (109). Bullman;
Futurifa (95). J. Jones; San Nicholas
(104). Foley; Princess Titania (98).
Reed; Dainty (92), Kunz; Daisy Green
(91), Travers. Altogether the card is
a fetching one. quite the best of the
Oakland reason.
KNTR1ES FOR TO-DAY.
J. T. Hheehan, who rode Past Mas
ter in the fifth race, had one leg se
verely bruised by being Jammed
agains-t the fence on the backstrotch.
According to the other riders Tra
vers, who rode Fille d'Or, caused the
bumping, and the judges gave him
thirty days on the ground for rough
riding.' Sheehan will not be able to
accept any mounts for a few days.
The Call leads all of the newspa
per hanfiicappers in number of win
ners picked to date. The record is as
follows:
The Call 108
' Examiner .' 99
Chronicle 91
Little Kunz tarried off the saddle
honors in a walk, piloting three win
ners? and once finishing third. When
George Strobel left for Los Angeles
h»» left the promising lightweight in
charge of "Butch" Fisher.
After reviewing the" race won by
Royalty on Thursday the judges at
Oakland decided yesterday to refuse
the horse's entry in future for incon
sistent running.
year-olds. In the rush to get aboard
the favorite. Libbie Candid, the Fisher
entry was almost- overlooked, receding
from 13 to 5 to 5 to L Larsen rode The
Cure and. passing Lustig in the
stretch, beat the Schreiber '.rick more
than a length. ScherzD, a 30 to 1 chot,
ran third. "Peanuts" Hildebrand took
Libbio Candid back <>n the back stretch
and when making his move later found
he did not have the horse under him to
do thj turn.
• Eleven ordinary' platers started in
the mile and a furlong run. with Expe
dient going to the post a mild favorite
over Milas. Lapidus and McGyle. The
unexpected happened, for Fille d'Or, a
30 to ' shot, with Travers up, led all the
May ard 5n a -hard drive received a
head decision over Expedient. Augie
downed Lapidus a neck for t: ird place.
So many of the big brttors strung
their o< ' i on the oharl^es of 'Avenger
because cf Hildebrand having the
mount that the Schorr cnlt closed an
equal favorite with Xigrette for the
closin? mile run. also decideu under
telling conditions. Avenger was never
able to head Telephone and finished
third. Kunz on Xigrette hooked up
with Telephone in the run to the wire
fid In a drive scored handily by a
head.
S XOTliS OF Till; TRACK.
•Butch" Fisher's colt The Cure fell in
*\ith a moderate assortment in th« five
ard a half furlong scramble for three-
'The old brown mare Algaretta, owned
by the Montana millionaire J. A. Mur
ray, turned ui> winner of the opening
sprint at odds of 20 to 1. There was a
quiet tip out on the mare and she was
especially well flayed for the show. In
her previous race she did not show
srpeod onough to catch a street car. but
ytstcrday ran away from her company,
winning in a romp from My Surprise,
the second choice. Rosebud was third.
SAtX OF TARSUS OFF BADLY.
Tommy Burns appeared unable to get
the favorite. Saul of Tarsus, to br*>ak,
being a-.v*y so poorly that he had no
chance. In the past it was always dif
f cult to prevent Saul from beating the
gate.
A view of three or four of the races
•xvas partially obscured by stray fog
banks that rolled in and enveloped the
course. Favorites took three events,
and the books laid up little money.
Old Mount McGregor II, which was a
two-year-old when King Rameses of
Egypt was being taught the art of roll-
Ing a brown paper cigarette, came
down from the Burns & Waterhouse
ranch on a visit, and by way of pas
time started in the third number on the
card. The ring showed no respect for
age and chalked up 6 to 1 against his
r.ame. the smart money all going in on
Cousin Carrie, the favorite. Only the
stupidity of Bell prevented the number
of Mount McGregor from being exhib
ited first. He took the rail position
away from Cousin Carrie soon after the
start, and then, with the race well in
hand, let Kunz slip through the last
f.fty yards with the favorite and obtain
a nose decision. The show went to Rus
tic Girl.
Gold Money, the crack sprinter from
t"he stable of Walter Jennings, captured
tke eix-furlong handicap at Oakland
yesterday, and in so doing equaled the
coast record cf 1:12)4 for the distance.
The mart carried Jack Martin and 110
pounds, and went to the post favorite
over Hagerdon and FosfH, * the last
named horse shouldering the top im
post. 119 pounds.
As usual. Sad Sam set the pace, lead
ing: into the stretch, where his 114
pounds began to tell, and a furlong
from the wire he resigned. Here It
looked as i£ the three-year-old Rock
away would win. but he could not with
stand the challenge of Gold. Money and
Kospil, and both wore down his lead.
Gold Money stood the gaff with
marked gameness. leading Fossil out
by less than a length, while Ro<:kaway
]oet the place by a nose only. On the
back stretch Fossil was Interfered with
by Hagerdon, but for which accident
the little brown fellow might have re
versed the verdict at the wire.
fog oBscrntx kacing.
FAYOIUTIjfcFAILS ,TO SHOW
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING ' FORM CHART.
Defeats Americano, Golden Min
eral, Blissful and Others
Over the Slauson Course
Fossil, Shouldering Top Weight, - Finishes a Close Second After
Meeting With Interference in the Race— Old Mt. McGregor II
Beaten but a Nose by Cousin Carrie — Three 1 Choices in\ Front
GOLD MONEY EQUALS A COAST RECORD
IN THE SPRINT HANDICAP AT OAKLAND
GOLDEN HOLE
WINS AT ASCOT
IN FAST TIME
SPORTS OF THE RACECOURSE THE FOOTBALL GRIDIRON AND THE PRIZERING
"LADY," TERRY'S SENSATIONAL SETTER,
IS FIRST IN THE ALL-AGE STAKE
Defeats Her Kennelmate, Kiigarif, and Is Pronounced by Judge
>.Beilj;Fit to- Run Against Any Dog in America — Members' Stake
/;£ /-Won by .Van Arsdale's Count's Mark, Tevis 7 Cuba Jr. Second
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 1«, 190*.
11THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY lfi, 1004.
12
o«o TO WANT IS. HUMAN-TO TILL THE WANT 15 THE
EMPIOYMEST WASTED— FEMAIiS.
YOUNC1 American widow, just from the East,
desires position as housekeeper, or would take
charge of hotel or boarding-house In some
mining town or camp, city. or country; home
more of an object than wages. Address with
stamp, MRS. DELIA Z. DOMINGO, P. O.
lockbox 2013. San Francisco. Cal.
A SWEDISH lady would like a position as a
good cook and for housework In a small
family; no washing or window cleaning:
wages $30: 10 years' references. Call at
2«3A Octavia Bt.. corner Oak.
YOUNG lady, thoroughly competent and experi-
enced stenographer and typewriter, accus-
tomed to law, insurance and bank work, de-
sires position In or out of city; highest refer-
ences. Box 314, Call offlce.
AN experienced girl wants waiting or kitchen
work In institution. Box 396, Call.
YOUNG French girl wants position in private
family; vil\\ teach children French, wait on
tablo or be chamber maid; can do embroidery
work. 1604 Point Lobos ave. .
EXPERIENCED lady's nuree wishes a few
more engagements; terms, $10 to $15 a week
Call or address MRS. WILSON, 043 Folsom
et.. near Sixth.
A YOUNO girl desires situation as upstairs
girl or to take care of children. PIea3e write
or call at I5O Fourteenth st., San Francisco.
FIRST-CLASS Oercnan and American cook
wishes a position In private family or hotel.
1125Vj Mission st., near Seventh.
COMPETENT stenographer and typewriter; 5
years' experience; best references; salary
moderate. Box 264, Call offlce.
GERMAN lady -wishes position as housekeeper
In small refined family, elderly couple or
lady. Box 3i5. Call.
A YOUNG girl wishes position as second girl
or waitress in small family; not much ex-
perience. 9S4 Union st
A YOUNG German girl desires situation to care
¦ for children. 731 Turk st.
LADY and son wish position manage roomlng-
house; experienced. Phone Page 2241.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch Offlce, cor. Duncan & Church sta.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for Th«,
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister Bt.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED MALE.
BRASS furnace tender, mixer and refiner of all
kinds of brass and white metals would like
good position; 23 years' experience. Box
435, Call offlce.
TWO reliable young men wish positions of
some kind In wholesale or retail store; can
-give good references. Address C. E. S. and
L. G. I.. 22 Tehama st. j
WANTED — By competent man, position as
gardener; understands his business; well rec-
ommended; excellent references. Address
box 1001. Call offlce. Oakland. |
POSITION on ranch or orchard by man and
wife; man all-round mechanic; woman will
board hands and assist 'when needed Box
899. Call offlce. Oakland.
SITUATION wanted by Englishman as valet
or Indoor servant; can 1 cook for bachelor
Address W. 8.. box 390. Cal). . * .
STRONG youth, 19, German parentage, knowl-
edge of groceries and as porter, desires work.
Box 312. Call.
CARPENTER work wanted direct from owners:
?v. or contract: first-class work; best of refer-
ences. Box 439. Call office.
AN old gentleman desires position as collector
In doctor's or any other office.. Box 3S7. Call.
A BAKER, good all-round man,, wants situa-
' tlon In the country.- Box 398, Call.
GARDENER, experienced In all branciws,
married, wants a situation. Box S99, Call.
JANITOR work, house-cleaning, etc.; handy
with tools. Box 402, - Call.
STRICTLY temperate reliable young married
man -want* employment as collector with a
good reliable ¦ house: will - give bond If, r«- i
quired. Box 26?, Call. . . .
LOnGIJVG-HOL'SES FOH SALE.
a7"cXmkii6n'"V~CO.'." Phone South 1050.
o Eddy bt.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarttra for jocmins-hou»?s. hotels and
all kinds of business chances.
220 rooms; ersnd new modern apartment
I.ouse; elegantly lurnifahedr swell location;
clearing $luo to $C0o per month; golden op-
portunity.
15 rooms; Van Ne?s; oak and mahogany
furniture: a bargain If taken at once.
SS rooms; Jbonton location": elegant build-
log: luxuriously lurni^hed; all modern con-
veniences; grand entrance and halls; 6trlctly
up to date; called Kast by sickness.
12 rooms; Pest: oak furniture; Brussels
carpets; clears $;0; ?.J«X» cash, balance on in-.
Btallments; price $&00. .
. 53 rooms; new and elegant bulging; fur-
nished boautilully and up to date; hot and
cold water every room; $1000 cash necessary.
30 rooms; rent $05; fine location: all on 2
floors; 3 years' lease; clears $100. full; $2000.
125 rooms; first-class downtown .house: 5-
year lease; cheap rent; private baths; doing
fine commercial business; reduced; see this.
47 rooms: rent $125; good lease: fin* loca-
tion; seme apartments always full; clears $200.
116 rooms; new. elegantly appointed apart-
ment house; one cf the swellest in city; clear-
ing-. $500 to $600 month; splendid opportunity.
7-room new modern flat; $450 cash, bal-
ance on installments; Income $45; price $550.
24 rooms; rent $140; newly furnished: fine
neighborhood; close in; always full.
1C2 rooms: most elegantly appointed apart-
ment house In San Francisco; beautiful mod-
ern building; fine entrance; cheap rent; clear-
Ing $400 per month; 5-year lease; part cash;
baiance 8 per cent per year.
R rooms: golden oak fur.: Moquet ¦ carpets,
oil paintings; must leave city; make offer.
50 rooms: rent only $200; downtown house;
always fu'l; clearing $200 to $300 per mo.;
newiy renovated and In fine condition.
20 rooms: rent $75; 2 years' lease*; good
permanent and transient house; price $1200.
44 room*: rent only $125; 3 years* lease;
running water: everything in good condi-
tion: clears $125 to $150 per mo.; price $2S00.
19 rooms;' corner: rent $05; oak furniture;
p.>od carpets, hair mattresses; part cash, bal-
ance en time.
6 rooms: rent $45: oak fur.; Moquet car-
pets; furnished 4 months; dears $43; see this.
18 rooms: fine sunny corner; rent only $S0;
well furnished; all outside rooms; fine yard*
clears $100.
K8 rooms; rent $250; T 2 years' lease; well
furnished throughout: close in; flrst-cl86s
boarding-house; clearing $250 per month. .
5 rooms and bath; rent SIS; water free;
new modern flat, furnished 1 year; price $300.
CO rooms: Bush; rent only $1G2; good fur-
• nlture. carpets; clearing over $200 per month;
enly 14 rooms to take care of, balance do
own work; a snap.
15 rooms; Van Ness; rent $S5; oak, ma-
hogany furniture; always full; price $1200;
almoet new.
SO rooms: cheap rent; furnished last June;
oak furniture. Brussels carpets; clears over
$2i0 per menth; half cash, balance 1 per
cent; owner sick In bed.
7 rcom*; rent t-TS; modern house; new fur-
niture; clears $50; only $100 cash, balance
time.
14 rooms; rent $40; new and modern little
boirdlng-houee; fine, furniture; hair mat-
tresses; clearing over $200 mo. rrlce $1000.
24 rooms; rent only $125; first-class con-
dition- oak. mahogany, birdseye maple furni-
ture; extra fine carpets; clears $70; price
$2000; half cash, balance 1% per cent.
21 rooms; Howard st. : rent only $60; good
fur. and carpets: clearing $180 per month;
$1CO cash, balance time; price $900.
10 rooms; rent $50; close In: oak, birdseye
maple fur. : fine carpets; elegant little tran-
sient house; clears $125; part cash; price $600.
BARGAIN — 30 rooms, well furnished; close In;
rent $100; clears $125 per month; $2100;
easy terms to responsible party; leaving city.
For particulars address Owner, box 302,
Call offlce.
FOR SALE — A BOARDING-HO'JSE; MEDIUM
SIZE; ELEGANTLY FURNISHED; LOCA-
TION BEST IN THE CITY: LEASE;
OWNER LEAVING TOWN. BOX 2858,
CALL OFFICE.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
LODGI.VG-HOlMiS WANTED.
Ail looking for a. good lodging- house; one that
will pay a good fjercentage on Investment;*
if you have it give price and location. Box
44S. Call office.
1 S1MK1TUAL.ISM.
REMOVED TO 310 ELLIS ST.
CASHM1KE. the Wizard of the Orient.
SDirltual Adviser Adept.
A— $1 THIS WEEK 51.
Wcnderful, bewildering, Is the work of
• Cashmire, i>ter of all clairvoyants; her read-
ings are a revelation; advice on love, mar-
¦'mlage, courtship, businrss, mines; reunites
the separated; elves secret cower to control
any one In 21 days; removes evil Influences;
develops mediums; locates hidden treasure;
gives names. date.«. facts; readings by mall.
MBS. DR. MARTIN, wonderful spiritual heal-
er and business medium: mining a specialty:
advice I guarantee on all business proposi-
tions to be successful. My wonderful mag-
net will bring reconciliation and lasting peac«
with the one-you love; readings by mall most
satisfactory. -$2; readings daily. $1- develop-
ing class Thursday. 8 p. m. 502 Eddy st.
PROF. Fred P. Evans, noted psychic (or slate-
writing and clairvoyance; stamp for circular
1112 Eddy nt.. nr. Octavia: phone Scott 887.
MRS. LESTER, test and business medium;
circle to-night. 10c; readings daily. 142 6th.
KATIE' HEUSSMANN'S circle Friday eve..
25c: elt. dally. 1000 Harrison* tel. Mint 997.
EDWARD EARLE. 1052 Ellis, readings dally.
0:30 to 4; seanren Sunday and Thursday.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A — Call at Once and Save $2.
My Regular $3 Reading This Week for
$1 SI $1 SI 91 $1 $1
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE.
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever in San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge if 1 fail to tell your name, oc-
cupation and what you called for; I promise to
tell you whether husband, wife of sweetheart Is
true or false; tell you who and when you will
iTiarry. In fact. I will tell you every hope, fear
or ambition better than you can tell yourself;
he restores lost affections, reunites the separat-
ed, causes speedy and happy marriage; makes
ycu successful and prosperous; cures disease
and lost vitality; 10 a.m. to 8 p.m.; Sun., 2 to 6.
32C O'FarrcIl St.— 32C
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third St., next Examiner
bldg.; she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays" events to
occur in the future; if you are In trouble,
dlixc.i tented or not s-diisfled with life, or
Iiavo domestic, love or business troubles, con-
sult this great medium and you will be told
how to overcome them; valuable advice in all
affairs of life; 25c up; satisfaction guaran-
teed; readings by mail. Tel. Black 4509.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
St.. cor. Turk; private readings daily, 10 a.
nt. to 5 p. m.; readings by mail as satisfac-
tory as In person; 3 questions answered, $1-
full life, $5; send lock of hair. date. of year
of birth; don't s?nd currency; send postofflce,
¦\V«Hs-Fargo money order or registered letter!
MME. MARCEL.LA.Just returned from eJT
tendtd .tour, reads past, present and future
by ancient Egyptian egg method and LeNor-
roar.d carde: fee, $1. 1613 Lyon St., bet.
Bush and Pine; phone Geary 2657.
MRS. VIENA, wonderful trance medium and
¦card reader; three questions answered free
Room 1. 400 Geary st.. near Mason.
MRS. A. H. KRONENBERG. palmist, clalr-
voyant, card reader: when others fail try me;
good reading 10c. 721 Franklin, nr. G. G.'ave.
A — Mme. Ravenna reads life, business advice;
names given; 25c up. 5 4th St.. near Market.
MISS ZEMDAR. young gifted clalr. and palm.-
names; L 50c. G SI. 714 Franklln.nr.G.G.ave.
MIES WARD, for a few days. 917 Market r.
11-12; gives names, dates, facts. Hours 11-9.
MRS. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune-
telier, ia now at 317 Ellis st. • j
MRS. W-YZAN, clairvoyant card reader; names 1
25c; satlf faction. 1008 Harrison st.. nr. Cth.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader In city"
28*4 Kearny, room 20; ladles. 25c; gentg. 50c.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader., re-
moved from 132 «th to 23 V4 Cth; la. 25c ;g. 5Oc
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader;. sit-
tings daily. 448% Jessie St., bet. 5th and 6th.
CAltrET BBATIMG CLEAJflXO.
Alit now universally used In cleaning carpets
on floor, without removal; price moderate.
S. F. Compressed Air Cleaning Co.. CHJ
building. Phone Main 6237.
WHEN you become disgusted with your worlr
send for SPAULDING"S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 355-357 Tehama st. ; tel. South 40.
TRY Hopke Bros.; carpet beating; mattr eases
made over. 1432 Howard; tel. South 216.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1S0O Har-
rison St.; Al cleaning: 3c; tel. Mission 221.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works :prtce»
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. : tel.Mlsslon 288.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
333 Golden Gate av<».: telephone East 128.
DENTISTS.
DR. UR^JSsT^f-B-tf "75aTra«han""bl^g7r~Maxket
and McAllister ets.. uses the Basford Obtun.
der; the onlj device ever Invented lor grind-
Ing, drilling and excavating teeth without
pain. For demonstration csll at otflce.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market. nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates ar«
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set: extracting 50c; gas given.
A NEW plate-^-The Whalebone— cannot break;
vmrented 20 yrs.: crown. $3 50; fillings. 50c;
plates, $5; full set; all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st
PARIS4Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Sot teeth $1 50 up: crowns $2 up; fillings 25c.
GOLD fillings, 75c; sliver. 35c; crowns, $2; no
pain; open Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hewitt.2C4 Sutter.
A. ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon dentist.
¦ room 14 Phelan building. San Francisco.
DRESSMAKERS AND SKAMSTlUiSSES
Accordion, sunburst & knife plaiting; double
stamps, on dress linings. Stewart's' button &
buttonhole factory, 110 Taylor; tel.Folsom 2121
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School —
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. 1019 Mkt.
PLAIN and fancy dressmaking done at 229
Eleventh St., upstairs. .
OFFICES.
GET your hel p^aT^INlETAPANESE^MPLO rt
MENT OFFICE and Housecleaalng Co., 13.13
Pine, nr. Jap. M. E. Church: phone Polk SCCO.
GEORGE AOKI, 421 Post st.: tel. Bush 135—
Japanese-Chinese employment offlce; fur-
nlshes best help; contracts for farm help, etc
A — ORPHEUM Employment Offlce — Japanese-
' Chinese help. 420 Powell. Tel. Main 5752.
A — GRAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. Offlce. 415
Stockton;. tel. Grant 168: expert, reliable help.
SWEDISH and German Female Employment
Office, 115 Franklin at.; phone Folsom 2856.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 6188.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1097. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
"_ EMPLOYMENT \VASTED7-FEMALffi.
WANTED — Position by. young lady; experi-
enced capable double-entry bookkeeper and
typewriter; unquestionable references. Box
3SS, Call office.
YOUNG English colored ;woman desires work
I In good family; ¦ general housework; first-
class cook; can shampoo, massage and manl-
: cure. Box 311. Call. ' :
POSITION as housekeeper by Eastern lady;
thoroughly competent .and reliable; no ob-
jection to children; ¦ best, references. Box
:;ay can office. ;
GEP.MAN graduated teacher wishes position
in school, or. as governess or companion; also
teaches French; best of references. Address:
F. II.. Irvington. Alameda County.
EXPERIENCED nurse wishes position to take
charge of invalid. lady, or gentleman; no ob-
jection to traveling; best ot references. Ad-
¦ dress Nurse, 110 Liberty st.
! DQglXBSS C^^-V^OE^-
! R. G. WILKK. rtal esUte anJ business ag-n-
cy; estabiifhed Ij >ears; Qftlck tales. Rooms
W and If. M\± Kearny.
A — $1GOO — Harcyt chance tn the market: cof-
fee Ealoon and rettaurart*.: choicest location;
dally receipts about ftiu: net fronts above
f.'0O per month; a tine busin^m-; investigate
Kocn; trial given. It. U. WILKE. 2o>4
Keercy *t.
A— S4<j(X' — CORNER raloon in v.-holesale dis-
trict: net rent $<5: lease: this la cne of the
leading end t«?t raying places in this city;
no r.Uht work. Call It. G. WILKE. 2U'.i
Kearny st.
A— $1250— DELiC/.TKSSEN and dairy produce
rtore: close to Market ani Stockton sts. :
iarge stock; clears at least $— »» per month:
full va!u«- in eislit; a splendid offer. Call
R. G. WILKE. 2Ui4 Kearny sL
A— JTiiO — 5ALOON on Commercial st. : rent
J50. See R. G. WILKIE. 20'i Kearny st.
A— $J00 — SALOON anJ boarding-house on
main St. ; 12 furnished rooms; established
years. See R. G. WILKE. 2C% Kearny st.
A— ROADHOUSE with 15 nev.ly furnished
rooms; .bathroom, barn, 1 cert. 1 electric
piano; 10 years" lease; rent $43; price $3000;
business very good; that is all. For particu-
lars see R. G. WJLKE. 204 Kearny st.
A— $1000— Bl'TCHER shop Jn Western Addi-
tion; rent $40; weekly sale about 4 steers,
2"» sheep; 1 horee, 1 wason; dally receipts
about $40. See It. G. WILKE, 20% Kearny.
A — $1750 — CORNER grocery ' and bar on
Guerrero rt. ; lease; a good paying business;
fresh stock: all cash trade. Particulars R.
O. WILKE. 20% Kearny st.
A— $1400— CORNER grocery *r3 bar on De-
vieadero et. ; owner has a Sr£ paying bust-
ness, but family affairs compels him to
leave for East. Bee R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearny st.
A — $550 — CIGAR, candy and notion store on
McAllister Et. ; rent $25; a nice paying busi-
ness for man and wife. Call and I will show
ycu the place. R. G. WILKE. 26-4 Kearny.
A — $60O — DRY goods and notion store with 4
fine furnished rooms en Mission st. ; splendid
chance for man and wife.- Call R. O.
WILKE. 2Cl£ Kearny.
FOR country, hotels, saloons. cigar, notion
stores, butcher shops or any kind of business.
see R. G. WILKE. 26'fr Kearny st.
A — S1500; THE best oyster stand In Portland.
Or.; a man with Orst-class references can
leave *70« stand on the business. See R. G.
WILKE. 26'-^ Kearny st.
WANTED— First-class restaurant man with
some money to take dining-room kitchen in
sutllest apartment house in city; nc other
restaurant within live blocks. CAMERON &
CO.. rt Eddy st.
FOR sale or trade — Quartz mine: fine prospect:
located in Cal.: assays 5-l'> to $70 ton: trade
fT r'm'g house or business. Cameron. 3 Eddy.
FOR sale — Well-located candy Etore; all equip-
ped for making own candies: established 8
years; clearing over $200 per month: will in-
voice about $12C0 v CAMERON. 3 Eddy st.
HIGHEST cash price paid fcr stocks of mer-
chandise. See A. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy.
FCR tradt — Income-bearing city property for
Ftocks or merchandise; any amount CA1I-
EP>ON & CO.
FOR eale^ — One of the best restaurants in city:
cheap rent: receipts $7." to $100 per day: will
bear investigation: price $1,100: also one In
good location for $S50. CAMERON & CO..
3 Eddy et.
CAN TOC WIN? . #
The ROCKTON C'Big Four"! Rules
for Race Playing are truly wonder-
ful in results, and
Tot.* ca>: win:
by following the Rockton: no tips;
no guesework ; no one handles your
money; you play It yourself, and
pain moderate, steady returns. The
ROCKTON Is honest, trustworthy.
. The young need not apply. Private
office, room 9, 1S02 Market. Hours,
¦ 9 to 12 a. m.
OT'R new ''Duplex-Scale System" won over 200
per cent in the paft 22 days on Frisco races;
fcr rroofs and references ask any mib-
Ffriber on our list, or oall and investigate;
explanation free to regular subscribers at our
" office only; commissions handled on this sys-
tem for 2ij per r«>nt of the r.et weekly profits.
Terms fir our Handicap sheets. $2 per day or
$10 per week. N. S. HANI), expert handicap-
per. rooms 1. 2 nnd 3, 113 Stockton St.. S. F.
A— 3 PER CENT MONTHLY.
On Investments of $100 and upward; no "get-
rich-quick" swindle, turf speculation or gam-
bling scheme, but a reputable, established
business enterprise In San Francisco: cleared
$67,000 last >.-ar on $100,009 capital; stock
Increased $20,000 to enlarge the plant; call
or write for particulars.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st.
$1100— CORNER house. 29 rooms; south of
Market; rent $50. Boston Real Estate Co..
8 Mapon st.
Wn sell lodging-houses. restaurant*, clirar
FtandF. all prices. $150 up: city and country
property. Boston Real Estate Co., 8 Mason.
PA RTNKRSHI P-$2(0; clearing $75 month;
experience not necessary. Apply 8 llason
St., rocm 2.
A— $2<Xi: PARTNER; well established office
business; no experience required; $7." menthly
to each. Se«. my agents. EUREKA RE-
ALTY CO., 710 Market F t-
A— $150; CIGAR stand; swell location; full
Ftoclt: rent $15. EUREKA REALTY CO.,
719 Market st.
CALL and see the list of lodging-houses from
6 to 200 rooms; cheap rents; hotals. road-
houses, saloons, restaurants, .groceries, livery
stables bought and sold and exchanged-
money loaned on chattels; millinery store to
exchange. EITEL & CARROLL, 212 Kearny.
A SNAP—Uairdrfssing parlors at invoice (about
$1200); 'doing fine business; will teach party
buying if necessary. Address box 328 Eu-
reka. Cal.
SLAVONIAN, a FVeneh reFtaurant man, to
start place <n good location; owner will as-
sif-t If necessary. Inquire corner saloon, 3200
California st.
ON account of having to leave the city, I will
se!l my restaurant, located on Hayes st.. at
the low price of $:{00: the rent is very reason-
able. Address box 4S), Call offlce.
FOR sale^ — Either the goods or territory on~~a '
fine article to put in the trade; a fine chance
for traveling salesman. Call on It. E. GRAF
.TO Von st.. room 15.
PLANING mill for sale; complete mill, . In-
cluding sash and door machinery; fine loca-
tion; well established bUKlnom; located in
Alameda Co. Addregg P. O. box 347,Oakland.
WAXTJSD — A partner to accept a half interest
In n patent of the latest tJcsigr,, Apply 213»i
Mascn n.. rocm 10; no schemers nrcd apply".
STEADY man to attend counter and take cash
In restaurant; $G0 monthly and meals: $150
c-ssh required. 209 Ksarny st.. room 1.
A MILK business for sale for $350<> with
horses, cows, wagons etc. P. C. LASSEN
& CO.. 46C Tenth st.. Oakland. Cal.
IF you have a delicatessen store or restaurant
you v, ant to sell, or a good place to open one,
address box 434, Call office.
HAVE $500; tvant partner with like amount for
paying business; must also give services
Address lo;; 4S0. Call office.
MAN. single, small capital, partner, butcher
business, doing good; chance for right per-
son; Investigate. Box 436, Call.
FOR Bale — Lumber yard; good location; excel-
lent chance to get a yard on small payment
down; no agents. Rox 375. Call. '
CIGAR «tore and laundry office and 3 living
rooms, rent $13. for sale cheap. Inquire 2944
Mission d, near Twenty-sixth.
flOO— RESTAURANT for sale; one living-room
272 Erannan st.
TV A NTED— Cigar stand: give price and loca-
tion. Box 4». Call office.
PHOTO gallery; fine Market-st. location: very
cheap. T. P. ANDREWS. 109 Montgomery.
SAN FRANCISCO Employment Agency;. a bar-
gain; must cell. 2T>3 Fourth st.
FOR sale— Bakery and delicatessen store doing
nrgt-class bubiness. Box 35S. Call office.
D^x CA 3 r ; CaU N of'nge e *" "^ g °° d *"'""'-
FOR sale— Wood and coal yard. Including
horses and naccn?. tte. S19 Florida st.
GOOD paying country baliery for sale or ex-
change for city bakers'. Hox 321. Call.
VERY low figure; well stocked, good paying
cor, bazaar: must be sold. 1CO0 Devisadero.
FOR eale — Complete dyeing and cleaning
works; good location. Box 2800, Call offlce.
A BRANCH office* or The Call for the recep-
tloncf adverttcttnents.and subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Market st.. opposits
Fifth. . Open until 11 p. m.
COLLECTION OKF1CES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections madeT
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO. -415 Montpromerr. rooms 0-10: teL 6586.
._ JCITBES BTTFTtrai!.
WHO DOES ITT HUNTER. 1206 Market SU
Bend tor circular. .Why. will you suffer!
THE^CAliL
JOSH D. SP2-CKEI,S. Proprietar.
AftSUSS COEglElir^slcToHTKeSluGHT, JSEEff
W. J. MARTIN' Di;p:kcss Manager
TELEPHONE.
As,k fcr THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
nect You With the Department You Wish.
1'jlilieatlrm Office Market and Third. S. F.
Editorial Itoom 217 to 221 Stevenson »t.
l>rlivpre<1 by Cprricrs. 2<j Ct.«. I\r Week. 75
Cts Por Month. Minnie Copies . r > Cents.
Terms by Mail. Including Postage (Cash With
DAILY CALL Mnclud. Hunday). 1 year..*? 00
DAILY CALt, <inc!uf! Sundayt. ti ir.os.. 4.00
DA ILY CALL— By Statfe llciuh 7.V:
FiNDAY CAM. 1 Y*ar 2..Vi
\\ KEKLV CALL. 1 Viar l.'JO
,.,.„_,,.,. .Oaily. .fi> SO Por Year Extra
R ™i - ?unday. 4.15 Per Year Kxtra
POSTAGE. l_ w<fk!v . 1O o Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Sample Copies will be forwarded when re-
quetted.
Mail rubf-cribere in ordering chanp* of ad-
creES 6hou!d be particular to give both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS in order to insure a
fjempt and correct compliance with their re-
Quest.
OAKLAND OFFICE.
1118 BroefiTay Telephone Main 10S3
BERXELET OFFICB.
214* Center Strr-ct Telephone North 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT.
MORTON E. CRANE 14CKJ G Street. N. W.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
WtldrrJ-Aftoria Hotel; A. Brttano. 31
Union square; Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-ave-
cue Hotel end Hoffrcan House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Fherrran Houye: P. O. News Co.; Great
Northern Hotc!: Tremor.t House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer House.
rHK'AOO REPRESENTATIVE:
C GEORGE KROGNESS..Marquette Building
• Long Distance Telephone. '"Central 2619.">
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
ErsiNnsS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call. *-orti»r Market an1 Third Ftre-rts; open
until 12 oVlocfc ev»ry rizht In the year.
BOASCCH OFFICES:
T>27 M"ntF«3Tnery street corner Clay; open un-
til »:••«< p. nj.
::<*> Kayea ttr<et: orx-n until 0:"0 p. m.
t*.T> McAllister street; open until 9:.1O p. m.
R1S I^arkln street: or>en ur.til H:.tO r. m.
1941 Mjes-ion street; open until 10 r. m.
22<:i Market street, corner Sixteenth; open un-
til O p. m.
1(»: Kloventh street: o;t n until 3 p. m.
1<K*> Valencia rtreot; < pen until 9 p. m.
Northeast earner church and Duncan streets;
ojwn until U p. rn.
Sfnibwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tu>-k Ftrf-^tj^: open until 9 p. m.
22«^ Fi'!morr *.trrt: open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. .".. R. A. m
M.. will meet THIS < SATURDAY) W
EVENING. January 10. at 7:30 /V\
o'clock. M. M. drrreo. Hy order of
the H. P. FRANKLIN H. DAY. Sec.
MISSION Lodee No] I«T). F. and A. «
M.— Called meeting Till? (?ATI.'R- YY
DAT) EVENING at T:3O o'clock. />r\
K"ir«^t d^cre^. P.. E. ALLAN, Fee.
6TOCKnOLDERS' MEETING (Anneal)— To
the Stockholders of the Oceanic Steamship
Company— Pl^as* take notice that the an-
rual meeting cf the Ftockholders of the
Oceanic St»am*htp Company will be held at
the rrincipa.1 office of the company (1. e..
327 Market rt.. room 4. eecond floor). In
the city and county of San Francisco. State
cf California, on THURSDAY the 21«t day
cf January. A. D. 1904. at 11 o'clock a. m..
for the purpose of electing directors and fcr
the transaction of *uch other business as
may properly ccme before the meeting. The
»tock transfer book* cf the company will be
elc*e<l ten <10> days prior to eald day of
meeting. By order of the Board of Directors
H. W. THOMAS. Secretary Oceanic Steam-
*hij. Company. 327 Market et. San Fran-
cisco. Cal.
NOTICE of annual meeting — The regular an-
nual meeting of the stockholders of the
"altfnrr.ia 'iss and Kleotrio Corporation will
fo» held et the office of the company Fixth
fi-»or. Hialto building. San Francisco' Cal..
on TUESDAY. Jar.uary 26. 190*. at the
hour of :>:1T> r. m.. for the purpose' of elect-
ing a Board of Directors to serve for the
• nsuirg year and to transact such other
business as may come before the meeting.
Transfer Vooks will close on 'January 20. at
. 6 o'clock p .m.
"¦ C. W. COXLTSK. Secretary,
Room «<"27. Ri&lto building, city.
ANNUAL meeting— The regular annual meet-
ing of th< stockholders of the Pajaro Valley
Conrolidated Railroad Company will be held
at the offlce of the company, 327 Market
•treet. San Francisco, on MONDAY, the 18th
<!«y of January. 1904. at the hour of 11
o'clock a. m.. for the purpose of electing a
toard of directors to serve for the ensuing
>e*r and for the transaction of such other
routines* as may ccme beftrre the meeting.
The transfer bocks of the company will cloae
en Friday. January 25. 1904, at 3 p. m.
W. H. HANNAM. Secretary.
THE annual m«>etinr r.f the Araociation of
the Ho*t>ital fcr Children und Training
Fehool for Nuraw will be held at the hos-
ritel. S"00 California street on THURS-
r»AY. January 14. 1W4. at 1:30 p. m.
AGENTS WANTED.
Vi'A.VTED — Razorles" chaving powder agents.
every town in t*. S. ; no raror required: free
package; n-rsd IS cents for packing, maillne:.
etc. Addrehs Hudson Process Co., suite B'
2T.03 Uarket st.. San Francisco. Cal.
AT once— For San Francisco, Oakland. Berke-
ley. Alsir.eda end ether towns Al agents. Ap-
ply A. DOVE GARBU-TT. Western Indus-
trial Co.. 468 Ninth s«.. Oakland, bet. 10
and 12 a. m. and 2 to 5 p. m.
AGENTS everywhere can make $7 per day up
In epar» time; more by steady wo^k. RED-
DIN. 720 Ktair Kir.g bl3g.
WOMEN snd men solicitors wanted. Apply to
Halpruner Medical Mfg. Co.. 28 California
rt.. 1 to 5.
j
ATror.xms.AT-LAw.
wT^L~BITTNER. ~"
ATTORNKT AND COUNSELOR AT LAW.
Advice free. Phore South 743.
Soite 322. Emma Sprerkels building
Divorces quietly ar.d legally obtained for
eight causee; d&rnaees secured for Injuries to
person or estate: replevins for property un-
lawfully detained; attachments and sarnlsb-
tnents for debts; bonds furnished; bankruptcy
proceedings; wills probated; estates settled:
collections made in alt parts of the U. 8.
A FRFVATE. Quick dU-orce for a small fte.
6e« uie «nd Mve money; no pay In advance.
G. W. HOWE. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW
Established 22 jra. : rms. 1. 2 3 4 & Jv-l'it fl.
J12S Market et.. between Mason and Taylor
Advice free, all matters. Detective* employed
It. W. KING. Attorney-at-Law, Exam bldg
€th floor, entrance rocm til; established 20
rears; all cases; general court and office prac-
tice: no fee in advance cr for consultation;
«-ver.lags by appointment. Tel. Red 30C1.
GEO. XV. AVERILL; advice given In aU caseT
divorce, probate, bankruptcy and attachment
rulm a specialty; practice In both State and
Federal eourta. Room 4C5, 4th floor Parrott
bigg.. SS5 Market St.; phone Howard. 2551.
ADVICE free— I will advance cost In roerttorl-
cue cases, divorces, probate and all other law
cases; no fee* In advance; open every even-
-lr-c. J. M. THL-RSTON. fclO Market «t.. r. ai
ADVICE FREET "
Columbian Law and- Collection Agency
r.ocm 8S. BIC Market St.; tel. John 6228.
DIVORCE costs $12; open evenings- tenants
ejected. S5. 010 Market. r.62:phsne Ulaek 651.
DIVOnCE— Cctts] $12; quick, quiet; advice
free; op«-n evenings. 027 Market St.. r. 301.
ADVICE free: no charge unless suecemsful- all
law boginesa. W. W. Davidson. 927 Market.
L. B. CLAP.JC. 027 Market rt.; consuiution
fr»e: r.r i»t-% in advance; open evenings.
.-™^**T557! IS:n; ? IEli n r _yTtiTTjsa.
HAVING recently acquired through exebange
of property three «40 scholarships In the bert
College cf Advertising In the United States,
I r.-!H sell them at 25 per cent discount for
cash; the college teaches advertisement writ-
lr.r by corrcEpondenee assists Us grad-
uates to secure positions: catalogues fur-
rjshed on application. Address t>oi ."attB. Call.
ASTnOLOGT.
M»:S. J. FUANCIS. aetrclogiEt: lessons- rcad-
tng»; hours 10 to 5. Suite 10. Hotel Langham.
imiDS. DOGS. I3TC.
WARBLING canaries, talking parrots; all
kinds of song and fancy bird*; goldAsh, seeds
cages, etc Give us a trial; we will please
yuu. 1546 Market «c ZZ,
EMPLOYMENT WASTED— MALB.
RANCH work wanted by thoroughly competent
man; good teamster and understands hand-
ling all kinds of farm machinery; also good
stock man. Box 250, Call office.
A STUDENT wishes work of any kind night
and morning In exchange for board and
, room. Address H. W. PORTER. 22 Metro-
; polltan ave., city.
YOUNG man wishes position on private place;
good gardener; very handy with horses and
rigs; can milk. Address box 898, Call office,
Oakland.
ENGINEER wants situation; understands
steam plant and electrical work; all kinds
of work around building; 4 years In last posl-
tlon. Box 262. Call office.
PRINTER— An all-round, reliable printer wants
a situation In the country. Address F.
STEWART. 702 Eleventh St., Oakland. Cal.
FIRST-CLASS English butler desires position
by February 1 ; salary not les» than $6(T per
month: strictly first class. Box 38»J. Call.
STEADT. energetic man wants position as
salesman or collector; also understands book-
! keeping; good references. Box 361, Call.
FIREMAN (boiler) wants position; experienced
with fuel oil or coal; references. Box 494.
Call office.
WANTED— Situation as coachman, care of
horses or other work; city or out; refer-
ences. Box 36«. Call office.
MAN and wife with one child would like po»l-
tion in country. Inquire MR. BALDINI.
3915 Gold St., Oakland.
WANTED — Position as hotel clerk or bar-
ttnder by first-cIara man. with best of ref-
erences; city or country. Box JB5. Call.
STABLEMAN, experienced, temperate and re-
llable, wants situation in. non-union stable;
references. Box 336, Call.
ENGINEER and electrician desires employ-
ment; extensive experience. M. E., 001 Powell."
8ITITATION wanted by colored young man;
competent cook and waiter. J. W.. 11 East.
DRAUGHTSMAN wants position In en archi-
tect's office or planing mill. Box 379. Call.
SITUATION wanted as clerk In hotel; can give
bond if necessary. Address box 3C3. Call.
CA RPENTE R— Experienced In hotel; good on
furniture. Address box 370, Call; office.
STRONG and willing young man. 21, wishes a
position as plumber's ' helper. Box 346. Call.
JAPANESE honest boy wants a position as
schoolbov; understands English eome; studied
5 years In home. T. NAKAMURA, 600 Stock-
ton st.; tel. Main COS.
JAPANESE, a young, very honest schoolboy;
* all work guaranteed to be first class; wages
?1 50. 2505 Mission St.: tel. Church 333.
EDUCATIONAL. ~
AYRES. the leading business college. 723 Mar-
ket st.: established IS years; Ufa scholar-
ship. $30; bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typ-
ing, arithmetic, spelling, etc.; positions se-
cured; the college refurnished with new
typewriters and furnitur* Jan. 1. Catalogue
free. * .
NEW juvenll«s i d?Dartment of the Paul Gerscn
School of Acting now open; applicants re-
ceived from ti to 12 years of age; Miss Lillian
Musclo, principal: exceptional advantages-
largest school of the kind in the West; send
for catalogue. Native Sons' Hall. 414 Mason.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE 24 POST S.
7.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy. English branches; day
and, night sessions; Illustrated catalogue free.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 305 Larkln st.
"A thorough school": positions secured for
graduates; modern methods; Individual In-
structlon. Write for Illustrated catalogue.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for , the unlvereltjr. law and medical colleges;
ref.. President Jordan or any Stanford profes-
sor; day and evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
HINMAN'S Academy; a thorough school of
dancing; established 20 years. 1412 Polk «t.;
between Pine and California; both adult and
children's classes are now open for the season.
i EDUCATIONAL Continued.
\ FRENCH ELEMENTARY COURSE, thrice a
' week. K a month; slmple-t method: will b»-
Ein January 18 at 11 o'clock: trial free.
? 4-S Sutter st. •
? A LARGER and better school than ever: enter
, at once If you desire a koo<J position ; Gregg
shorthand. Kills bookkeeping. S. F. Bus.
I College. 12T.C Market «t.
t HEALDS School ef Mines * Electricity. 2» P n »t
? ft.. S. F. ; a practical echcol of engineering;
. complete equipment. Special catalojtu* fre«.
' ENGINEERING — Civil, elec.. min.. mech.. sur-
t v»y, assay, cyanide; day. er. ; est. 1SG4 V«a
I der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, or. City Hall.
i ST. JOSEPH'S ACADEMY! Peralta Park."
; Berkeley, boarding school for boya under 13b
j ERO. OENEBERX. Director.
! DAXCINO Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday. Sua-
; day ev^s.. Teutonla Hall. Howard *t.. near
9th. Prof. Foster; society dancins tausht.
, KFNT La'P School; atv.-ays open: conducted by
practical lawyers. .V.C Parrott buildlnfr.
I BANJO. mamlolin ana ciit.ir thoroughly
taught; orchestra oractice. 4*C Geary st.
1 SPANISH.French.ete. Prof.D* Fll!ppe'sAcad"my
of langua^e.320 Post: estab'd 1S71; ablest profs.
PIANO lessons. 25c half hour. MRS. PECK.
experienced teacher. 1013 Mission, nr. Sixth.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day iin-t
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pino ft Night clasa.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeplnir. grammar. wrttln?.
etc.; day or eve. : >S mo. 1024 Mission. nr.gti>.
PACIAX. MASSAQE.
A — WRINKLES removed : fine complexion guar-
anteed; new method; 50c. M. LUTON. manU
curing parlors. 764 Larkln st. : phone Polk 17.
REXOVATIXG.
BT new. healthful process. Cal. Sr?a:n Ftafher
Co.. 325 Van Ness ave.: tel. Howard 3167.
FINANCIAL.
COMPANIES Incorporated, financed and atodi
floated. W. -H. BITTNER. Lawyer and Ft-
nanclal Agent. 31*2 Emma Spreck>!s bldg.
' FLATS TO LET.
A— HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense llstj
•ervlce absolutely free; Uka advantage ot
this department; It will save yon time andi
trouble. Cordes Furaitur* Co.. 243-233 Geary
it., on the square. .
ALL of the most desirable flats and houses ar»
listed In our renting department; let us glv»
you a list and help you find one tn the luca-
tlon you want. STERLING FURNITURS
COMPANY. 1033 Market St.; services abso-
lutely fre«.
TO let — Flat: 6 rooms and bath: latest improve-
ments. 1210 Alabama st. Key at corner
STOceiy; rent $23.
HATWARD, 24. off Harrison, near Kis!nh-3
sunny flats. 3 rooms each: rent *S oni $11.
-•EW gunny lower flat. 7 rooms a.nj bath; rent
SC5. ;ij.;O Sacramento st.
$7— LOWER flat and yard. 72^4 Harrison
St.. between Third and Fourth.
MCALLISTER. 331— Unfurnished parlor floor 4
rooms, bath: adults; call before 3; $29.
rutTs you sale: — ki k.mmicu.
PARTY goinp East tt1!1 sell furniture of 6-
room flat, cheap; v;ry sunny; rent 123. Dcx
2^. Call office.
FURXITtne FOR SALE.
A — Brass beds, hair mattresses, weatlvpred ma-
hogany, maple, furn.. handsome dining suit.
draperies, curtains; tel.Page 71S. 10C» Haigfct
FOR Fale — Elecant furniture cf 6-rooa Cat"
cheap. Address box G10. Call office.
FCILMTCIIE WASTEP.
HIGHEST price* for furniture ard ir.ise. L. IT.
BURP, auctioneer. 18 ISMkt.; teLHoward r75«.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission, phone Red 4*G.
bays, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
HELP W AMTED-FE3LU.G. .
A— THE DOMESTIC CLUB. ~" '
233 Geary »t Room 3«
Chamber work and sew, speaJc French. San
Rafael ..'. |23
Parlcr maid, speak- French. San Rafael (la>lv
In city) J.2Z
Second girl, speak FVench, city $25
Cook. German $ .:.
Housework. 2 in family. Broadway 4-SU
Housework. 2 in family. Franklin st.....$-5
Second girl: German; will teach t-W
Toung working housekeeper
for married couple, new 7-room Cat; youna;
woman with long city references as lady I*
away most ot time $30
Cook, American family,' light wash, llttl*
sweeping .$:;."l
COOK, no washing Ht
Managing housekeeper. ................ ...StO
2 parlor maids .$25-}ir>
5 second girls I2&-J21
Infant nurse |25
.1 ndrse girls. J15-SJI
Maid and seamstress $£j
Waitress, hotel, country $25; fare her<»
4 waitresses, city.. $20-$23
40 housework girls, city and country. $20-$25-
$.K>. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 334
Sutter st.
AT CAL. EMP. AGENCY. 14 Third it.
2 housekeepers. $20 and $30 a month.
Housework. J23: 3 lady solicitors.
— — 1 _4
A— WANTED— Girls to learn halrdresstsg,
manicuring, etc.: trade taueht from A to Z
In 2 weeks: $5 to. those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to fill Immediately; position! guaran-
teed at $10 i>er we«k up; leading school la
West. 233 Geajry at., room 13. ,
A — Girls to learn millinery now for spring sesv*
son: both seasons taught from start to finis!*
In 1 month for $15; positions as trimmer*,
salesladies, etc.. guaranteed at $10 per wlc. up;
day and evening claas. 143 Stockton St.. r. 13.
A — LADIES to learn all branches halrdresalnjc
trade, manicuring, massage, etc. 1238 Mar-
ket st., cor. Jones, room 94; positions secured
at highest wages: day and eve. class; call.
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETERS; NO EXPERIENCE NECES3ART:
'PAID SALART. LEVI STRAUSS & CO \4
FACTORIES. Z2Vi FREMONT ST. AND 1S73
MISSION. NEAR FIFTEENTH.
"WANTED — Several experienced salesladies;
those familiar with' crockery business pre-
ferred: moderate salary, but steady poaltion
to right party: give references, experience
and wages expected. Box 302. Call office.
WANTED— Apprentices to learn halrdresstnj;
and manicuring: will pay while learning
Arply between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALS
BROS.*
WANTED — Experienced young lady to t%kt
charge of candy department: no Sunday or
evening work. Box 437, Call.
A GOOD girl fcr general housework; small
family. Call between 0 and 12 to-day. 57
Capp »t. •
TWO waitresses at SMITH'S CASH STORE.
25 Markat st., sixth floor: call early.
GIRL to assist with hcusework and car« of
child. 025 Dolores St., forenoon.
GIRL wehted for general housework. Amer-
lcan Bakery. 637 Broadway. ;¦•" .
GIRL for housework; 3 adults; evenings fre«_
Call 377 Oak st. .
WANTED at once. a. woman who Is bright and
dresses neatly to travel for business house
Box SS2. Call office.
WANTED^ — A Oerman girl for general house-
work; small family. 1123 Devisadero st.
OPERATORS and machine hands wanted at M
S1MINOFF-S. 1228 Market st.
FIRST-CLASS stenographers furnished. Mis»
M. G. Barrett, instructor. 302 Montgomery.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recej^
tlon of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 100K Market St., opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
help wanted ma1*r.
a^taHf^^m^loyISe^t^a^e^ctI
52t> Montgomery st. — Me.
Cor. Clay — L'ostairs — First Floor
Phone Main 1191 ¦ Hat Main Phone*
COAL MINERS — OREGON— NEW MEXICO
Sticker hand, country, north, $3; craneman
for ditcher. $4t> fd. ; young man to learn
crane work for dredger^ $:I5 fd - o extra
waiters, city. 25c hour; cook, private fam-
UjT, city; baker, city hotel. $40 to-$4i fd.- 5
married laborers with famillet of boys coun-
try, box factory: solicitors, city.
A — 1>
Men to learn the barber trade tn two month*
and secura gaod positions; catalogue and full
COUP'S CU* "H frC< - MOLER Syat " a
$1 50 pair; foot-form shoe* at $2 5i>- we pay
express or mall charges. 11 3d «t.. Exam! bJct
FIRST-CLASS bartender, also good porter*
good references. Palace of Art. 16 Post st.
WANTED — Men and women to learn taa
barber trade; rood, caance. 9ZI Cla* at.
I MAKE YOUR WANTS KNOWN . I
| IN THE NEXT SUNDAY CALL |
I I! ' • Two- Geiluloi.d— — =i |
g J for OFFICE AND GENERAL USE — — — S
O — — > . s . ¦ — . — —^^_— _^_
O V
I COiae for red ink, the other for black inK) |
'0. neatly boxed, is the premium offered to |
8 A ¥ 1 1 A MT A FfeVEr TO HTI €*pi|^ I I
« m tHe • |
i ______^ g
I PENHOLDERS AND PENS. S
'¦** • ¦ ' • ' s
;g ' These premiums may be obtained by p
$ presenting your Want Ads to The Call Busi- •§
j* srm ness Office, Third and Market Streets; Pitts |
§ vilS Branch Call Headquarters, 1008 Market |
§ Street, or at The Call Agency, 1118 Broadway, $
| Oakland ::::::";:: g
| Ads for Next Sunday's Issue will be received TO-DAY, |
| also FRIDAY AND SATURDAY. |THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL", SATURDAY, JANUARY 16, 1004.
13
REA^ESTATE~CITT-— FOR SAIJE.
THOMAS MAGEE & RONS. ~~"
i REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
NO. 5 MONTGOMERY ST. \
WESTERN ADDITION CORNERS.
$3000— Polk-st. comer: SO-foot front.
$Go00 — Laguna-st corner; 25-foot front
$6500— Octavia-st. corner; 50-foot front.
?5500— Stelner-st corner: 27:6-foot front, with
depth of 110 feet; on north side of street;
all sun. light and view. - -
$3200 — Webster-st corner; near -Union; <K>-
foot front.
$3000— Filbert-st. corner; 27:6-foot front.
WESTERN ADDITION LOTS.
$»00O — Green st., north side; 40-foot front;
magnificent view and flrst-class residence
locality.
$7C00— Vallejo st: unsurpassed view of th«
bay. Golden Gate and surroundings; . 50-
f oot' front.
$4500— McAllister st : 32:C-foot front by ,111
feet deep: street 'work all done.
$4.150— Green st.: N. side; nearly 35-foot front;
very flne view of bay..
$4100— Haight st.: N. side; 27:6x137:6; street
,' work all done.
$4C00^-Golden Gate ave.; 50-foot front.
$4000— Haight st. ; lota level and ready to
build on.
J.35CO— Filbert st. with unobstructed view of
. bay and surroundings; street work
$:i500— Hermann Bt: 35-foot front
$33<X> — Vallejo" st..' with unobstructed view of
bay. Golden Gate and Martn County hills;
25-foot front.
$3300— Filbert st.; dose to fine houses and with
unobstructed view.
$3250— Sacramento st, close to Central ave.:
34: 6-foot front.
$2300 — Masonic ave.; 25-foot front; street work !
all done. . •
$2200— Broderlck-Et. lots; in marine view dis-
trict; 27: 6-foot front by »7:6 feet deep.
THOMAS MAGEE &' SONS.
5 MON'TGOWERY ST.
BUILD on your unimproved realty: we loan
full cost improv. and part lot at 8 per cent.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building.
$14,00O— 4 NEW flats of 5 rooms, near Park;
strictly modern: rents $122 BO. Box 262. Call.
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'M'NTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
BARGAINS — We buy, sell, exchange cr build.
MURDOCK & CO.. Lorin Station. Berkeley, i
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BS0ADWAY.
7 i
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
SPECIAL bargain — A fine "room cottage;
large lot; all street work done: good loca-
tion; easy terms; price "9Z7BO. P. C. KAS-
SEN & CO.. 466" Tenth st. Oakland, Cat.
BARGAIN— For sale, nice home, 4 rooms, bath
and high basement: fruit trees and chicken
house*: lot 50x135:1: block from the new
line ferry. Key route. CH. TESCHIEN, 230
Hollis St.. North Oakland.
FOR sale — 10 acres of land In the suburbs of
Oakland: well located to subdivide and sell
lots: electric cars to the property; chanca to
make $5000. E. BISHOP. 4C6 Tenth St..
Oakland.
OAKLAND frilllMTlIHB KOK SALE.
TO^M^mRmV^nT^aT^ro7~bargains In faros*
tnr«- H. Schellhsas. 11th st..cor.stor».Oa.klantl.
UOO.ltS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
ELLIS. lOOi* — 2 large furnished rooms for
housekeeping; gas, phone, bath; $1.'!.
FRANKLIN, 45— Sunny connectlpg house-
keeping rooms: $15; also single. $O, $S. $lt>.
GEARY, 40§ — Three sunny nicely furnished
housekeeping rooms.
GEARY. 1002— Nicely furnished sunny rooms.
«n ruit* or single; housekeeping privileges;
running water; gas; reasonable.
GEARY, 13JS1 — Elegantly furnished suite of 3
rooms; drawing-room: single room.
HARTFORD, 70. bet 17th and ISth — 3 sunny
housekeeping rooms; new flat; adults only.
HOWARD, l.'UO— Single room, nicely furnished
and sunny, and housekeeping.
HOWARD. 2-tSl — Nice sunny well furnished
suites: all conveniences; $13; adults.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pine »t.
near Hyde — Sunny 3-room furnished suitts;
' steam heat: electric lighted; free batna;
rstes $30 up.
LARKIN. 1537, near Clay— Three handsome
furnished sunny rooms; 2 closets: 2 folding-
beds; $17. rr-1''--
MODEL House. 1206 Stcickton — Newly furnished
hskpg.. single rms.. $5-$12: gas. bath, phone.
NINTH. 157 — Two nice housekeeping rooms and
one single.
POLK. 1020, near Geary — Neatly furolsntd
front housekeeping rooms; reasonable.
SHOTWELL. 211. near Sixteenth — A sunny
suite of housekeeping rooms, j .
SUTTER. 2C2O— Furnished bedroom, dining-
room, kitchen; yard; bath; parlor.
TWENTY-SIXTH. 33G7— $12; 2 sunny house-
keeping roomn in the Mission warm belt
APARTXrflTF HOTJSE3.
EL CARMELO — Beautiful apartment hoiise*-
just comolefed. 1719 Washington st. near
Van Ne«s ave.; 3, 4, 5 and 6 rooms and bath
with each; finished in natural woods; tiled
bath rooms, etc; genteel residence location:
convenient to car lines: rooms large and
sunny; must be ceen to be appreciated.
MONTCLAIR APARTMENTS.
Corner Pine nnd Taylor sts.; beautiful net*
modern apartments; all sunny corner suites;
furnished or unfurnished; none superior; ma-
rine view. LYON & HOAQ. 118 Montgomery.
, THE GABLES.
Cor. Clay and Larkln sts. — Modern 3-4-5-rootn
up-to-date apartments: furnished or unfur-
nished; all latest conveniences; reservations
can be made on premises. 1 to 4; terms reas.
ST: CECILE. 115 Fell, above Van Ness— The
• acme of perfection In elegantly furn. 3-room
apartments: private baths, steam heat. elec.
lights, elevator, gas ranges; $30 to $55.
ST. LOUIS. 157S Jackson st Modern 3-4-S
rooms, also single; furnished or unfurnished;
marine view; now open: references.
~~^ HADDON HALL, ~
851 EDDY ST. REFERENCES.
APABTlCBlfTS VABTED.
WANTED — Apartment of 3 or 4 rooms, fur-
nished complete; state price; references
Box 470. Call.
ROO.MS TO LET — Furn. nnd Unfurn.
AURORA, corner Second and Folsom sts. — New
house, new furniture; every room outside:
modern and sueny; prices from $1 60 per
week up; this is the only up-to-date nous* In
this vicinity; first-class grill attached.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 14S Sixth st.— Rooms
2Bc to^l per night. $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night
ABERDEEN. S36 Sutter — Just opened: - hand-
somely fur.: cor. suites; bath; sun all day;
fine view; single rms.: tourists; exci. location. [
; AT ."The Almonte," 873 Market st (or No.* 1
Fifth st>— Rooms. 25c. COc. $1. SICOntght;
$1 £0 to $10 week; bouse open all night
BUSH, 012. near Jones — Private residence: 3
exceptionally large connecting unfurnished
rooms: carpets and curtains; every modern
convenience; 2 . very handsomely furnished
rooms (renovated), bath attached: references.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1S64>— Fur-
nished rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
BU6H. .1C29 — 2 or 3 light rooms, suite; running
water; suitable for doctor or dentist
CLIFFORD." 204 Ellis, corner Mason — Elegantly
.furnished sunny rooms: prices reasonable. ;
FILLMORE. 5J2ei nr. McAllister— Nicely fur-
nished rcom in tine locality; car line passes
• door; reasonable: bath; sts; phone.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission— Rooms 50e
tc $1 50 night; $1 to $3 we»it: reading-room.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1223—2 large sunny
% rooms;: rent $6 'and $7.
ANY cum on furniture or pianos; no removal;
lowest rate: easy payments; no commission.
1170 Market st. room 68.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
lndoreer. MORELL. <500 Examiner building.
MO.VEY WANTED.
$400 WANTED on choice suburban lots: Inter-
est 10 per cent. Address box 373. Call offlce.
musical instruments.
allTTprights^ ci
Kimball, fancy walnut $30
Col Jard. $37
Steinway $r>0
Henry Hertz $78
Occidental $82
J. A C. Fischer $99
3 Emersons. walnut, rosewood, mahog-
any, game as .new. each .'...$187
Colby, cannot be told from new $235
Chickering $187
2 Steinways. large and small size al-
mo?t new $l»5-$325
Heino. $47.1 etyle. slightly used ?2S5
And 200 others.
All pianos sold are guaranteed not to be de-
fective. Examine this list. We have- never
ha<i such a great variety at so low a price.
Rents, $2 up; Installments. $4 up. HEINE
PIANO CO.. 2.'J5-2:i7 Geary Bt.
OUR low price sale has been so successful
during the past week that we shall continue
It for one week longer, as many who have
¦ been looking have not been able to close.
Remen^ber that all our planes are included
in the offer. Easy payments If desired. THE
ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC COMPANY. 7G3
Market «st. . ,
A FINK lot of bargains In second-hand planes.
InrludlnR such makes as" Steinway. Halnes
i>ros.. Knabe. Bzus, Foster, Weber. Star,
Marshall & Wendell. SterllrB and other
makes. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 1« O'Far-
rell pt; no branches in San Francisco.
A Fr:v.' unredeemed storage pianos (also fur-
niture) will be sold to pay storage dirt cheap.
WHITEH CAD'S etorage. 1636 Market st
NEW pianos sold on ?5 monthry payments.
JOS. SCIIMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st.
A FISCHER upright piano for sale; good as
j-.e.v. S1.T5. 2-TT Geary st
SCZ — UPRIGHT piano: Steck mahogany; nearly
new. HORNUNG BROS.. 210 McAllister st
BEAUTIFUL 3-pedal Steinway upright piano;
perfect order; sacrifice. Keefre's,28i O'Farrell.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecillan piano
playei. BYRON MAVZY. 308-312 Post st
SUPERIOR victlns. zithers, old and new. H.
MUI.LHR. maker, repairer, g Latham place.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
NICE fire office to let: also flee front desk
room. Call at 418 California st. room 21.
rERSOXALS.
A — DID you see. the lady's fq.ee
In drucstore windows?
. One si f Je young and beautiful
The oth«r old and wrinkled.
Examine this real and wonderful - * 7
Wo'rk now at my office. _- *
M. ELLA HARRIS.
My prices reduced one-half for a few days
longer.
Cal! or send for book free.
.. M.' ELLA HARRIS.
Chemist and Skin Specialist, 7S1 O'Farrell.
GRADUATES a' New York Bchool'of Massaye.
Osteopathy, vapor and electric baths: fnc«
vibrating machine for rheumatism: genuine
tubs, hct and cold water; trained nursea as
attendants. Prof, and Mrs. Morris, 408 Geary.
THE'Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves Its growth, stops falling, cure* dandruS
ar-.d Itching scalp; no stain or stlckinesa;
cleanses scalp; at druggists', hairdressers';
accept no substitute. Star Remedy Co.. 133S
Polk st
A NEW Idea In Jewelry and Central American
curios. Indian curtatns, draperies, ehawla.
ftc; the enly store In the city that carries
this. FROW1ES & SON 1229 Polk. nr. Putter
NOT how cheap but how good is the motto ot
the rr^nufacturers of the Rapid Rotary
Standard, the sewing-machine of to-day. J.
V.". EVANS, agent. 1021 Market st
PHYSICIAN" 15 years' experience, cures per-
manently morphine, cocaine habit Call or
address Central Pharmacy. 251 Grant are.,
corner Sutter st. ; fee moderate.
INFLAMMATORY rheumatism and gout cured
In 2 days. Call or address 119S Folsom st,
S. F. ; telephone Foiscrn 999.
: SPECIAL OKFKK for 1 mo.: tadi«s° suits ma.le
to order: flrst-class work; S1O: with material
furnished $20 up. At M. WILSON. 3SO Geary.
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drugs dU-
' cases positively cured by Willow Bark Co..
1F"9 Polk et. : consultation free; call or write.
LIQUOR habit cured In 2 days or no charges:
guaranteed. Acme Liquor Cure Co.. 997 Mar-
ket st.. room 203; phone South 731.
AT less than cost, uncalled for suits, overcoats,
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor. 721 Market st.
MRS. Eaton, electric needle specialist, 869 Sut-
ter. r. CC9. Miss Eaton. 2TW Geary, room 3H.
SUPERFLUOUS hair, moles perm, removed
by electrolysis. Mr?. L. B. Johnson. 139 Post.
DANCING Tuoeday. Thursday. Saturday, Sun-
day evgs.. Teutonja Hall. Howard st. near
Sth: Prof. Foster; society dancing taught
Bon Marche Pants Co.: special $5 pants to or-
der. Rooms 14 A- 3«. 40 Ellis. Tel. Drumm 44.
MASQUERADE coeturr.es. play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 73.1 Mkt.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed bv elee-
trlc need!?. Dr. & Mrs. Traverse. 1170 Market
TAILOR-MADE suit ?7 60; dress pants *2 M.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restore* gray
haii to its natural color; $1; at all druggists'.
PALJIISTIVV. ~~
MME. DEVAS. scientific palmist and astrolo-
gist; palm readings $1; 3 questions by ex-
press. $1 ; open Tuesday eve. also. 139 Post st.
MME. NEERGARD. located at 2t2 Post; hours
1 to 5 dally. Phono James 1. Clashes.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 615'
Taylor rt. near Geary. Phone Plnck 581.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL — Offlce and residence"
1021% Market st. bet 6th and 7th; parttcu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
DR. M. MATSUDA has returned from Orient
Now at SE. corner Geary and Taylor sts.
BLOOr». skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073 H Market tt.
REMOVED — DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor,
treats ail diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at C67 Geary st. near Leaven worth.
DR. TONG PO CHY, successor to Dr. U Po
Tal. herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor — All dls-
eayfs cured by Ch!n»se herbs. 746-8 Clay st.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
THE Phoenix. Savings, Builciing and Loan As-
sociation, 5lti California St., San FrancUco,
has declare*! a dividend for the six months
ending December 20, 1903, at the annual rate
of » per cent on general capital stock, 0 per
cmt i-n term certificates and 4»i per cent on
savings accounts, the latter being withdraw-
able upen tli« same general terms and condi-
tions as ore usual with savings banks.
The Phoenix has a paid In capital of $1 -
©<><», 000 and a reserve .fund and surplus of
?2lU.000. Its directors are: A. A. Watkins
president ; Charles R. Bishop, vice president-
s'. Prentiss Smith. treasurer; Clarence
Grange, secretary and managing director-
Gavin McNab, attorney; Charles E. Ladd and
George C Ecardman.
SAN FRANCISCO acd Suburban Home Build*-
Ing Society. 5th floor. Mutual Savings Bank
building. 708 Market st. opposite T Third -
For the half-year ending 31st of December^
1903. a dividend has been declared.? the
rate per annum of. <12) twelve per cent on
capital stock and participating certificates
free of taxes, payable on and after SATUrI
DAY. January 2. 1904. JOSEPH A LEON'.
ARD. Manager. HUGH CRAIG. Secretary.
LEGAL ADVERtTsIrMEXTsT"
central pacific railway comj'avv
.FIRST REFUNDING MORTGAGE EONDS—
Nctice is hereby given that, pursuant to th#
provision cf Article Eight of the mortra*.
from this Company to the Central Ttu«t Com
pany ot New York. Trustee, dated August 1
1899. this Company has ret apart out of thi
r.et income derived by it from the lines of
railroad therein mortgaged the sum of Twen-
ty-five thousand dollars la trust to be used
to redeem said bonds, and that bonds ls«ued
under said mortgage will be re-leemed there-
with end bids are hereby invited for the sir
render of such bonds at prices to b-j named by
the bidders, to the amount requisite to ex-
hau«t said sum. Such bids should be pre-
sented to this Company at its office l^o
Broadway. In the City of New York, on or
before the 1st day of February ig04 ¦»
twelve o'clock noon, and should be indo'rsed
"Biis for Surrender of Central Pacific Rail-
way Company First Refunding Bor.Js "
CENTRAL PACIFIC RAILWAY COMPANY
By E. H. HARRIMAN. President '
New York, January 2, 1&04. .
ROOMS TO LET — Fwr». and* Cntirn.
JESSIE. 3C3. east U. 8. Mint— Furnished
rooms. $5 and $0 per month.
JONES, 019 — Comfortably furnished room; pri-
vate family; all conveniences; cheap.
LARKIN. JM7 — Nice sur.ny rooms; bay-win Jow
and single rooms.
MANHEIM. 6S2 Sutt-r— Sunny front rooms;
strictly first ciaas; transient
O'FARRELL. S32— Handsomely furnished back
parior; private family; rent reasonable.
Pierpont. 450 Ellis— Connecting rms.. suitable
doctor; other rms.; elev.; hot & cold water.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis— Incandescent lights,
reading-room, amoklng-room and ladies* par-
lor: rooms per night. 35c to $1 SO; week. 92
to IS: month. IS to $30; elevator on ground
Coor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
bT. JAMES. McAllister and Laguna— A suaay
furniahed single room: rent $7.
STEINER. 907—2 sunrV connecting rooms:
man and wife or gentlemen singly; running
water; bath; phone; private family.
TAYLOR. 115 — Nicely furnished sunny front
suite; also single front rooms. $2 to $5 week.
THE FREMONT, 1S64 MARKET ST.— Strict!?
flrst-class 'elegantly furn. roaming hotel.
Tel South 1133. Capt. H. O. Ulberg. Prop.
UNITED STATES 123 Eddy, near Market — 400
roams. S5c to $1 "night. $1 73 to $•'• we-k: elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water tn every
room; elevator, read. -room; free bus; baggag*.
VAN NESS. 519 — Handsome sunny furnished
suites and single rooms; all conveniences.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. near Market-
Most convenient and respectable: 700 rootca:
3Sc to $1 5O night; $2 to $S weok; elevator:
•leg lights; reading-room; free bus; bagjax*.
WOLF House. 202 Sixth— Electric light la
every room: rcom from 15c to $1 per night.
75c to $5 per week: op?n all night'
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch offlce. cor. Duncan & Churc* sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subtcrlpttons has been
opened at 1008 Market st.. opposlU Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
AXDJSOARD.
BOARD ar.d room for two. $55; the room is
largo and sunny, with bay-window, 2 large
closets, hct and cold water, bath and use ot
phone; all modern conveniences; only a few
minutes' walk from Call building-. Address
box 374, Call offlce.
A LARGE front sunny room and beard: parlor
floor; gas, bath and telephone; private fam-
ily: no other boarders: rate for man and
wife. S5O; single. $30; references exchanged.
Box 3£0, Call offlce.
- ' - HOTEL HATTOX
977 Pine. nr. Taylor; elegantly furnished
suites;' private baths; all modern conven-
iences; excellent table.
BOARD, and nicely furnished front room;
evsrythlcg new, neat and clean: can only ac-
commodate two persons; references. Box 305,
Call offlce.
LEAVKNWOP.TH. 140ft. near Washington—
Handedmely furnished rooms and suites for
gentlemen; breakfasts; reasonable. Telephone
East 12O3.
ELEGANT front, sunny alcove room: running
water. ca«. bath: suitable for 2. with board;
private family; also another room. 122i Gold-
en Gete ave.: phone Steiner 3826.
CALIFORNIA. 1248— Most select location la
modern, elegantly furnished prlvat* boae;
table unsurpassed: marine *i«w.
HOTEL MARTINET. Geary st. end Van icew
ave.. has changed hands: hereafter conducted
grst-class family hotel; table board specialty.
POWELL, 002, cor. Sutter— Large sunny cor-
t ner room for 2; terms reasonable; also single
room.
LARGE sunny front room, $3 30 per wk. ; oth-
ers at $1 per wk. : board, $3 25. 570 Harrfson.
SUTTER. 1K;7 (Crystal House) — Elegant rooms;
board optional; respectable: reasonable.
HOTEL ELSMERE. 41S Sutter-Sunny rooms;
excellent tatl?; frcm $4u; single $25.
NEWPORT, 101S Pine, near Taylor— Large suiT
ny suites: also single room: excellent table.
THE NIRA. 615 Taylor— Nic-ly furnished, sun-
ny suites; alao single; excellent table.
Stevenson mansion. S07 California — Fine rooms;
new chefs; colored service: table specialty.
O'FARRELL. ' 3CS— Furnished rooms: boms
cooking; German family: $6 per week.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at lOOtS
Valencia »t.
ROOMS AND BOARD WASTED. '
WANTED— By Jewish young man. permanent-
ly situated In Frisco, rcom and board wltn
respectable private family; near center of
business section preferred. Address, giving
prices, etc.. Permanent, box 3S4, Call offlce.
-A^ "X'fcit^— ~ Doflrd ftnd i^ I •"tis'a n t. room foi* 3tn
elderly lady In a refined, quiet family: a
homellkn place: state rate?. Box 423. Call.
ROOM and board for boy. 7. In American fam-
ily near public school. Box 315, Call office.
A ROOM and board wanted for a gentleman;
give rates and location. Box 415. Call offlce.
GERMAN man wants a sunny housekeeping
room; $G month. Box 438, Call offlce.
iffi? SPECIAL NOTICES.
THE secretary of the St. Francis Girls' Di-
rectory Orphan Asylum herewith gives notice
that the following orphan, half-orphan and
abandoned boys and girls bav? been admitted
to the asylum at Central avenue and Waller
street from July 1. 1903. to January I. 1904:
Hazel Kane. 6 yrs: Cldlre Kane. 2 yrs; Haiel
Rorhe. 10 yrs; Margaret Roche. 13 yrs: Ul-
lie Ivers. 7 yrs; Edna Ivers. 0 yrs; Joseph
Smhl. 4 yrs; Ella Oreque. rt yrs 4 mos: Ger-
tie Robinson. 1 yr 11 mos: K.I ward Tansey,
7 yrs; Joseph Xamwl. 5 yrs; Olander de
Fresel. 0 yrs: Hannah Murphy. 8 yrs: Patrick
Murphy. 4 yrs; Timothy Murphy, 3 yrs: An-
nie Farren, 10 yrs; Manuel SUvera. ft yrs i
mos; Andrew Varney. S yrs; Noble Varney.
4 yrs; Francis McCarthy. 8 yrs: Elsie Mc-
Carthy, 6 yrs; Irvln McCarthy. 4 yrs: Eve-
lyn McCarthy. 13 yrs; Allan McCarthy. 12
yrs; Paul Paoeera. 3 yrs: Peril Papeera. 2
yrs; Francis Hombeck. 12 yrs; George Bo-
han. tt yrs: Frank Cacace. 4 yrs; Annie
O'Connor. 10 yrs; Ruth Courtland, 11 yrs;
Daisy Sargent. 5 yrs 8 mos: Harry Holver-
son, 7 yrs; Mary Matthews, U yrs; Rose Mat-
thews S yrs; Frank Matthews. 2 yrs '¦> mos:
Joseph Waters. 6 yrs 0 mos: Thomas Waters.
4 yrs S mos; Ruth Smith. 10 yrs: Mary Mag-
gio. 10 yrs; Raphael Maggio. 8 yrs: Louisa
Koenlg, 9 yrs; John Reardon. 8 yrs; Eddit
Reardon. 4 yrs; Mabel Adams. S >r«; George
Adams. 6 yrs; Frank Adams, 3 yrs; Harold
Spregue, 10 yrs: Lesley Sprejrue. 8 yrs; Marie
Drendand. tt yrs: Victor Drendand. 3 yrs:
Loney Wolf. 2 yr« 6' mos: Stella Panla. 10
yrs U me?: Dorothy Roe. 12 yrs; Mary Clark.
- 10 yrs: Agnes Clark, 0 yrs S mos; Annie
Clark. 7 yrs: Catherine Clark. 6 yrs; Frank
Iven, 4 yrs: Madeline Clark. 2 yrs: David
Mitchell, S yrs 4 mos: Rose Mitchell. 6 yrs
11 mos; Catherine Coyle. S yrs; Dan Coyle.
« yrs: Francis Coyle. 5 yrs; Hannah Coyle.
2 yrs: Francis Everdlng, 5 yrs;- Thomas
Everding. ,2 yrs: Mary Schlueh. ; 10 yrs:
George Voslne. 3 yrs; Leo Goethals. 7 yrs;
Herbert Kalrles. S yrs: Rose Kalrles, ft yrs:
Isabella Bedella. 7 yrs: Ellen Ante. 11 yr.-:
George Tracy. « yrs; George Hunter. 7 yrs «
mos; Henry Foster. 8 yrs: Eva Narvls. 7
yrs; Josephine Narvls. 5 yrs; Ira. Mslnburg,
8 yrs: Leonard Malnbursr, 7 yrs; Mary Caro-
line Nowlan. 6 yrs 11 mos.
CAN YOU WIN?
, The ROCKTON r'BIg Four") Rules
for Race Playing are truly wonder-
ful In results, and
TOU CAN WIN!
by following the Rockton: no tip?:
no guesswork: no one handles your
money; you play it yourself, and
gain moderate, steady returns. Th«?
ROCKTON, Is honest trustworthy.
The young need not apply. Private
office, room », 1S02 Market. Hours.
9 to 12 a, m.
THE Pacific Hebrew Orphan Asylum and Horn* |
Society hereby rfves notice that they nave
admitted Into the orphanage from July I.
1903. to January 1. 1904, the following
; named orphans and half-orphans, boys and |
girls, vti.: Rebecca Rabinowltz. aged » |
yrs. 4 mos.: Tony Rabinowltz. agtd & yrs. :)
mos.; LHlie Goldberg, aged 8 yrs. 4 mcs.:
Rosle Gcldberg. aged ft yrs; Israel Forman.
aged 4 jts. 6 mos.; Rebecca Fabian, aged 0
yrs. 2 iros.: Philip "Fabian, aged 7 jrrs. It
mos.; Fanny -Fabian, aged G yrj. 3 m<w.;
Julius Cf.hen, aged 4 yrs. 8 mos.: Patihna
Ghlnsbuig. 11 yrs. 3 mos:
NOTICE Is hereby given that the Maria Kit)
Orphanage of C20 Lake st San Franclsso.
has received the following orphan and half-
orphan girls from July 1. loot, to January
I. 1904: Violet K. Lundberg. 6 years; Ma-
bet Campb*!!. 12 years; Margaret Campbell.
ft years:- Amy K. Rice. 8 years; Bessie E.
Cook 12 years: Elizabeth Kerr. 4 years;
Annie Herrold. 12 years; Elizabeth Herrolrf.
10 years: Ida Herrold. 9 years; Alice Her-
ro!d 8 years: Hilda Herrold. -4 years; Ida
" Rule/ 9 years: Mabel E. Rule. 7 years: Dor-
othy R. Au Bucbon. 12 years; Ruth Lojii^e
Au Buchcn.-8 years; Thelma Haven. 1 years.
THE following children have been entered at
the Sa'n Francisco Nursery for Hoasiess
Children: George James Miller, age 1 year;
Anita Mulligan, age &*? years: Joseph Slnlli-
gan. age 3>,J years, and Veronica Mulligan.
act 2 years, all half orphans. " '
Con tinned.
LOST — January 7. In going from 2513 Broadway
to 2125 Jackson Et. via. Scott Et., Pacific ave.
and Buchanan St.. an open-work black enamel
pin x:th pearl in center. Finder will be lib-
erally rewarded by leaving same at 2013
Broadway. MRS. J. G. KITTLE. \
LOST— January 11, either on beat from Stock-
ton or along wharf to Sacramento-st cars,
pair of gold lorgnettes, octagon eyes; liberal
reward. Return 43S Eleventh avenue. .Rich-
mond
LOST— Near Eaker. Fulton or Grove, black
cocker spaniel; tag V.lQb; reward. 525 Bam-r.
BLACK, white and tan English setter: black
rpot on eye and back. Return 3118 16th St.
LOST— Odd Fellows' charm. "Ed to Dan."
Please return to 1193 Market st.
LOST— Maltese cat; answers name Boo; liberal
reward. 1C02 Sacramento st.
LOST— Small .-ircle diamond pin. Please re-
turn 2M2 Pacific ave. arfl receive reward.
FOUND— A purse. Call at PROFESSOR K. R.
BRURYERS. 415 Guerrero st.
MEDICAL.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for ail female
complaints; Iretant relief guaranteed; 30
years' experience; removed to 828 Post st
MRS. Dlt. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles end irregularities: Instant re-
lief guaranteed. lOOS'i Market >L, opp. 5th.
DR G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
in trouble consult this rpecialist en female
complaint?; positively corrected; ths unfertu-
r.ate helped: the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office. 1058 Market St.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
positively cured; new method; 1 week's treat-
cent free. Dr. Cottlngham, 204 Sutter st
Drs. Goodwin. 733 Turk. nr. Van Ness — Expert
)n ctstetr:c?. female complaints: inst. relief;
treatmfr.t $10; hours. 10 to 5: 23 years' exper.
MRS. L>. ALLEN. II IS Market — Reliable la<3le»-
£i:eclalist: a private home befcre and during
cenfinemect; best rnedlcsl care: low fees.
DR. ROSEN resides 2993 Fclsom St.. corner
2Cth; ladies, relief or no fee; J10.
DR. and MP.S. DAVIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment; 1120 Market st
DR. XG TOY KEE. 3?9 Fcwell St.. opposite
Ur.ion Square; all diseases cured by herbs.
MINING AM) ASSAYING.
20 EXPERIENCED miners "to' trork7oTstociTla
valuable Arircna mine; board, expenses, fare
paid. 72tt Starr King bldg.
5II«CK_._.A.NEOCS — FOR SALE!.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-haad machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN, ID3-197 Fremont st
TRY ASBESTOS roof ;ai.-.t and be convinced
that it is the only paint that will stop ail
leak* in any rocf. either metel or shingle; it
Is also the best rreservaUve paint for all new '
n:»tal 4Ed shingle roofs, and makes the rcof
last over twice as long than painted, with
any ctht-r paints: it has no equal. Offlce. 41'J
California at. wm 21: telephone James 571«i.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair !t with elaterite; In rolls easy to lay;
reeds no rsintins or coating: good over old
ircn. tin or shingles: best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO., 713 Market st.
2D-KAND machinery, boilers, engines, pumps,
polkn, shafting, etc.. etc., bought. so!d.
rented and exchanged: see Surday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY CO.. 130-132 Beale at
A— Fin* suit?. $7 50: dress pants. $2 53. Origi-
nal MlfcP.t Clothing Parlors. 23S Kearny St..
rear Bufh: optn to 9 'p. tn.. Sunday to noon..
A— Buys, ejIIs or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, bcllers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAV.'. 2J3-205 Spear st
A FINE election of trunks, suit cases and
tailor-made Knits sold on small weekly pay-
ir-ntg. Mlrflt Clothing Parlors. 25 Stcckton.
FOIl sal* — Ileautiful sealskin; same as new;
bust 22 to 34; cost $200; for $10(3. S20B
Tf'.rgraph ave., Oakland.
I A HANDSOME new Persian baby lamb plliow
muft and lanre stole; cost $1C«»; accept $-0).
l<y*> Haight St.; chone Page 71S.
TTPKWRIT^RS. slightly used. so!d at cost:
new Undfrwood visible typewriter catalog
gfr-.t free. R. E. Revalk & Cr>.. San Francisco.
ALTERATION rale— Best $2 M -ats, fl 50.
Popular Price Hatter. 330 Kearn/ st. near
P:se; open to Op. m. ; Sundays to noon.
j TRY our men's shoes at $1 and - $1 £0 pair:
foot -form shots at $2 CO; we pay express
charges. 11 ad «t.. Exam, bid.: catalog free.
CV,c ROLL and up; fln<» wall paper: camples
mailed; pafntlng. tinting, papering. M. MER-
IGAN. 13C2 Webster. Tel. J3ck«r.n 1S21.
FUR «alf — National cash register, half-price,
at S'^t Bryant St.. city.
Selling out Holler Canary birds; males and fe-
males; GoluEnch Canary raules. ."!1CS Ifith *t.
BAIXtlXO ark for fishing ana hunting.. 323
Bust st.. third fl'-or. room 4.
MILF.S of pii>e a:id fittings: ail sizes. EU-
O.ENE KILEY & FONS. 103 Vallejo st
SAFES ar.d cash registers, new ar.d second-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1329 Market St.
SCMK gocd Foconil-hand gasoline engines. 4 to
12 H. P. ch«-ap. E. B. Heck * Co.. 122 Mkt
SLOT, machines cheap: Chlcagoes. Twentieth
Centuries. Pucks. BACIGALUPI. 333 Market
DESKS ard safes: »»e the complete line at 1819
Market, eb. Van N'ets. RICHARDSON BROS.
SAFKS — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAr~K CO.. 207 Battery st
I NEW and second-hand machinery of all kinds.
KROOH MFG. CO.. 5!0 Market st.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bcrgalns. P.ullard & Breck. 131 Post st
SAFES— New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market st
Ediscn phonographs, recorrt*. supplies, mofing
picture machines, films. Baclgalupl. 633 Mkt
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sites. J. E. DOAK. 40 Fremont st
ASK fcr prices on secend-hand typewriters; all
««k>t. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montgy.
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for the reception
sf advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 100S Market St. opposite Fifth.
Onen cntll II n. ro.
Ml SCELL AXEOCS WA.VPg.
I WANT to buy a cornet ch*ap. AddiV>ss
Cornet. 424 Ivy «ve.
BOOKS and libraries bought. H. C. HOLMES.
1148 Market St.; phone Jessie 3741. or postal.
I PAY highest prices for all kinds of cast-eft
clothing; send postal. MORRIS. 870 Folsom.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 Oth *t. : tel Jessie 2.S31.
mo.vey to loan.
aa^iieIiman'murphT
C01-C02-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointment.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided" Inter-
ests, assignments tjt rents, property In trust
etc.; legacies. life estates and undivided In-
terests tn property purchased.
Courteous treatment Strictly confidential.
"When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
WILL LOAN
A rcasccable amount on
1st. 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels. In city, tow»-
or country.
I/Ow rate of interest.
Give full particulars
of proD'rty cr chattels.
Location, etc.
Box 4<!S. Call offlce. .
MONEY loaned to salaried people, ntail mer-
chants, teamsters, board Ins- houses, without
security; eary payments; largest business in
4C principal cities. Tolman. U3 Parrott b!dg.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at -
per cent Interest Baldwin- Jewelry Store.
M6 Market: tel. Main 1044. Branch. 19 Third.
A— 1 per cent on furniture or piano: no remov-
al, nc cotnmirstcn. no publicity; $23 up; quick,
private, confidential. - 26 Montgomery, nn. 7.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant ave..
LOANS FROM fl TO »1 0.0O0.
MONEY to loan on low Interest: rold. «Hver.
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st
NEW easy method— To wage-earners on unln-
dorsed nates; absolute privacy. Fidelity Loan
Company, rooms 4S-4». Chronicle bldg.
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture: Indorsed cotes and other security. S. F.
Discount Agency. 143 Phelan building.
AT lowest rates en furniture and pianos; -jfrict
prlvacy;r.o comm!s*ion;lnstallments accepted.
. BONELLI. 301 Eddy. Conservatory bnllding.
ALL Ioann on diamonds and jewelry 2 p»r cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Lean Bank. 53» Kearny.
3*x ON furniture & pianos; $15 up: no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN. room SI. fl Eddy St.
4 PER cent on furniture or piano. 1003 Mu-
tual Savings Bank bldg.. 708 Market at _
STAR Lean Co. cf Wyoming loans money to
, salaried employes. R.31L Mutual Ear. Bk. bid, ,
SGWI.VG MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES
NEW HOME — See our new triple-feed ma-
chines: slightly csed: $10. $15. $20; second-
hand. $3. $5. $3; all styles: guaranteed. N*«r
Home S-wins Machine Co.. 1031 Market st
$1« 5rt— NEW improved drop-head nickel-flnish.
guaranteed 10 yrs.: 2d-hand sewing machines
$2 50. $3. $4. 145 6th St.: tel. Jessie 3138.
STORAGE AX D \V'AnEHOC S ES.
A— EMPORIUM Storage * Van Co.; farnlturs
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
721 Howard st. nr. Third: chona Grant 181.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage * Moving Co.. of-
flce Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Prive. Ex. 571.
CON KLIN'S storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave.; phon* East I- 1 *.
GOLDEN West Storage: advances made: S4O
Ml* r.on st. ; tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore st. : phone Jackson 28 1.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
St.: tel. Main 1S4O. Shipping at cut rates.
8TCTTEKIXG AXP STAMMEKIXO.
MELBOURNE School. Van NesJHMaTket— Cur*
In every case: Individual teaching: no medi-
cine. Inquire into wonderful cures; home cur*.
_TYPEA\-RITEnS AXD SCrPUES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No. 1
Smtth Premier. $25; other typewriters at
higher ar.d lower prices; rentals $2 50. Th*
Typewrit«r Exchange. 52tt California tt.
A FE'V good typewriters at $30 »ach; get p*r-
ticulsrs of U * 11. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
goniery st
A typewriter at any prt.-e: agent* Fs.y-Sb.oles,
$1CO: Sun. $+0: Commercial, $33: Portal. $23.
CUNNINGHAM. CCRTIS3 & WELCH.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewritlqg In<cec. Co.. 503 Market.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
. The following marriage licenses were Usued
yesterday:
Lodovlfo Cavalletto. 2H. Santa Barbara. «n1
Cafarln* Vlcchlo. IS, Wi5', Greenwich street.
William (J. Joseph. 40. Rio Vista, and Marie
Pinchon. 33. city.
Adam II. MonTat, 2O. S17A Castro street, ami
Lurolle C\ Simon. 2O. Alam^Oa.
William H. Hiciloti. ."I. r>»nv»r, Colo., anil
Bertha Jaap. 21. Newport, Ky. •
Alcnxo S. Rogers*. 2S. San Leandro, and
Margaret I- King. 1<. h'an LeaJirtro. *.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriaze and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. Th»y mun be handed
In at either of the publication offices ami txj
indorsed with th<* came anti residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the ev»nt are published once in this column
free of charge.
BOR.V.
HILDING— In this city. January 15. 1904. t*
tn* wife of Charles Hildlng. a daujrhter.
HOI/TZ— In this city. January 13, 1004. fc>
the wife of J. P. M. Holti. a daughter.
McKENNA— In Oakland. Cal.. January 13,
1904. to the wife of James J. McKenna, n.
daughter.
RTFKOOEI In thU ctty. January 8. 10O4. ta
the wife of Dr. H. A. L. Ryfkogel, a daugh-
Ur.
3IARRIED.
FAT.I.ON— MEHERIN— In this city. January
14. 1WH. at St. Jamea Church, by the Most
Rev. Arfhbl«hop Montgomery. Thomas Henry-
Fallen and Mary Rosamond Meherin. both
of San Francls-.o.
JENKINS— PCHNEIER— In this city, Janu-
ary" IP. 1004. by the Rev. George W. Whlt<\
pastor of Central M. E. Chnrch. William
A. Jenkins and Marie A. Echneler, both of
San Francisco.
_____
Aubry. Nora Mullln. James
Austin. Tessie Mulloy. Kate M.
Frowr.e. Walter P. Murphy, Michael W.
Chrlstophers?n. Mary Popper, Charles
Dooley. William T. Puttlck. William
Foot*, Jonn Rlley. James
Gabb. Minnie Rnxburg, Rettsx
Olock. Helene Srheller. R. E.
Gomond, Nels Shfrtan, Mary
Holmen. Thomas . Silva. Ellen li.
Huff. Eugenia A. Pmtth. Ellen
Kaveny, Anna M. St. John. John
Kurcovirh. Christian Stutz, William
Lehmann, Solomon Sullivan. Jam?! V\*.
McAnll*. John TfcaUr. Conrad
McNamara. Patrick Winsor. Augustus
AUBRY — In the City and County Hospital.
January 13.. 19O4, Xora Aubry. a native of
California. age.l 31 y»ars.
AUSTIN— In this city. January 15. 1904. Tes-
sle. daughter of Mrs. Anna and the lata
J. Austin, and sister of J.. W.. M. and A.
8. .v.ist'n and- Mrs. ¥. Ducklow, a natlv*
of Stc-kton. Cal.. aged 21 years and '•
months.
J_TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully lnvlteJ to attend the funeral Sunday.
January 17. KHM. at 1 o'clock, from her late
resilience. :CXI Twenty-rourth street. thenc»
to St. James Church, wh?re services will bo
held at 1:50 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
BROWNE— In Tucson. Ariz.. January 12. 1904.
Walter Percy, beloved husband of Mattia
FalrchlM Browne, father of Walter Stev-
•nsen. Roy and Frances Browne, and nephew
of Emily C. Browne, a native of Canada,
aged :a years.
CTFrierds and acquaintances are respect-
fully inviteJ to attend the funeral services
Sunday. January 1". 1904. at 1:30 o'clock,
at the chapel of C. If. J. Truman Company,
1M09 Mission street, b-tween Fifteenth and
Sixteenth. Int4»rm~nt Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery, by electric funeral car from corner
Eighteenth ami Guerrero streets.
CIIRTsSTOPHERPOX— In Alameila. January
13, i'«M, Mary, fcelov.il wife of Peter Chris-
tophersKin. a natlv of Denmark, aged 6-»
years and 1 month.
DOOLEY— In this city. January 14. 1904.
William T. beloved son of Thomas an>l
Maria Doolry. and brother of John. G*or*e.
Kobert. Annie V.. Elizabeth M. and Maiil t.i
Dooley. a native of San Francisco, axed -I
years 1 month and VJ days.
C7Frlends and acquaintances are rwpect-
fulry Invited tu attend the funeral tomorrow
(Sunday), at 1!?:3<> o'clock, from his late
residence, 5 Perry street, thence to St. Rose'*
Church for srrvice*. commencing at 1 •
o'clock. Interment Holy Orowi Cemetery.
FOOTE— In this city, January 12. 1904. John
Foute. aged :tS y««ars.
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
<?aturday>. at. 8:3o o'clock, from the parlors
of the Western Addition Funeral Director*.
1724 Dev'mdrro street, between Sutter and
Hush, thence to Holy Crora Church fcr
prayers. Interment Holy Crcsa Cemetery. •
GABB— la this city. January 1.'.. ltVU. Mrnn'e.
dearly beloved wife of John R. Gabb. mother
of Hatel and Ru?s-ll Gatb. devcteil daugh-
ter of John and Johanna Haas, and sister ¦¦:"
the late Mrs. Bertha Wickersoheimer. a na-
tive cf San Francisco, aged 2H years -k
months ana S3 days.
C7*Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully in\ - lted to atten.1 the funeral to-morrow
i Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors ot
11. F. Suhr A Co.. .11:57 Mission street be-;
tween Seventh and F.Ighth. Intennen;
Mount Olivet Cemetery, by electric funeral
car from Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
GI.OCK— In this, city. January 13. l'J«>4.
Helene, dearly, beloved wife of Charlos
Giock. and mother of Charles Jr.. Tessle and
Gertrude Glock, a native of Saxonv. Ger-
many, aged ."•'• year* 11 month.* and 21 days.
CjTFriendj and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to ittt-nd the funeral to-morrow
iSi:n-_iy», at 2 o'ctock. from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr A. Co.. 1137 Mission street.
between Seventh and Eighth. Interment
Mount Olivet « V sctery.
GOMOND — Drowned at Boutdin Island. Janu-
ary 14, 19OI, Nels. dearly beloved husband
of Maggie Gomond, and father o{ Edwin
Gemond.
tt7Rcmains at the funeral parlors of Bun-
| ker tt Lunt. 2VCH Mission street, between
, Twenty-second and Twenty-third. Notice of
funeral hereafter.
HOLMES— In" *his city, January II. 1904.
Thomas, dearly beloved son of George and
Catherine Holme*, and brother of John
Holmes, Mrs. Cathertne Meyers and th> late
George and Molly Holmes, a native of San
! Francisco, aged 30 years.
E7Frienda aad acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12:43 o'ctock. from his lats
. residence. 3,1 1 B ' Harrison street. Interment
Holv Cross Cemetery.
HUFF— In thla city January 13. 1904. Eug«-
i nia A.. bei-iVfj wire of A. I(uff. and mother
of Lntu A. and the late Etta E. Lmtton. a.
nattv* of. Ntw York.
CFuneral at parlors of undertakers at
I 42U Golden Gate avenue. Saturday. January
18. at 11 o'clock. ¦ Interment ortvate.
KAVEXY— 1-1 this ctty. January 14. 19O1.
Ann- M. Kavcny. beloved sister of Mrs.
Amelia Bnllarl and Walter Kaveny. and
1 a'jnt of John Rallard. a native- of Engtcd.
aged 4ti years 7 months and H> days.
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 11:30 o'c'ock. from the funeral
pariora of Bunker & Lunt. 2C(U> Mission
street, between Twenty-second and Twenty-
third, thence to St. Paul's Church. corn»r
Twenty- ninth and Church, streets, for ser-
vices, rommenclss at 12 o'clock. Intermenc
Holy. Cress Cemett-ry.
KTTRCOVICH— In this city. January 13. 1904,
Christian ' Kureevith. a native of Austria,
aged 2S years.
LEHMANN— In Phoenix.. Aria.. January 1*.
Continued on Page Fourteen. • ___
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOIt SALE.
G. H. UMBSEN. & CO.. . 20 -MONTGOMERY.
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers.
$70,000 — 12 elegant modern flats and a 3-story
house; rent $475 per month; 137:6x100;
corner.
$30,000 — Rents $31S0 per annum: business cor-
ner on Mission st. ; hotel and stores;
(50x100.
$21,500 — Western AdOiton business corner; ele-
gant modern Improvements consist of
store and 2 flats; lot 37:6x9G:10%; two
prominent streets. '
$15,500— Rent $1238 per' annum; good Mission
business corner; store and flat; large
lot 35x122:6.
$13,000 — Pacific Heights mansion, 12 rooms and
bath and basement, etc.; grand marine
view. i vu
$10,500 — Rent $996 per annum; flat in good
condition; corner in the Western Addi-
tion; 60x76.
$9,500— Haight st,; 3 flats pf 6-5-5 rooms and
bath each; rents $75 50 per month; 25x
137:6.
$9,50)) — Rents $72 per month: Hayes st. near
Laguna: 3 desirable flats of 5-7 rooms
and bath each; lot 27 foot front.
$9,60<> — Rents ?10SO per annum; Buchanan
. St.; 3 nearly new flats of 6-5 rooms and
bath each; large lot.
$9.000 — $876 per annum; 3 flats of 7-6-6
rooms and bath each; room for 3 more ¦
flats; 25x122:6; double 'frontage; inside
of Van Ness ave.. ,
: $9,00<> — Rents $900 per annum; 3 flats and lot
25x87:6; Buchanan st. ; mortgage of
$5<j00 at 6 per cent can remain; this is a
bargain.
$8,750— Rent $870 per annum: Park Panhan-
dle; 2 nice new flats of 6 rooms -and
bath each; 25x106:3.
$8,000 — Rents .?S5 per month; close to First
and Folsom »ts. ; 7 good flats of 4-4-5
rooms and bath each; always rented;
" -. 50x70.
$7,rtO«i — Rent $S16 per annum; Mission warm
belt; 4 good bay-window flats; 25x114;
handy to several lines of street cars.
$7,00t>— Marine view; residence; well-built
* modern house of S rooms and bath;
electric lights, etc.; 27:t>xl37:C.
$7,000— Corner lot: 21:5x««>:. store and 4
rooms in rear of store and flat of fl
rpoms and bath; rent $60 per month;
* bay window.
$8,000 — Miss'lon-st. business corner; house of
".¦rooms and bath; -25x90.
" $5.750— Near Valencia and 14th sts.: 4 flats
of 6-3 rooms and bath each: rent S55:
bay windows: brick foundations: 25x70.
$5,500 — Rent $376 p*>r annum: near Third and
• Folsom sts.; 3 flats of 5 rooms and bath
each; bay windows; 25x90.
$4,500— R«nts $480' per annum; on a main
street In ths Mission warm belt :• double
house of 6 rooms and bath each;. 30x76.
$4,500 — Nice Ilttl^ home on Pine St.; 2-story
t house of 6 rooms and bath; garden and.
> ¦ lot. etc.
54,250 — Prire reduced: a bargain;- Jackson st;
27:0x110: house of 7 rooms.
$3,000— Rent ?31 per month: close to Sixth
and Harrison; 3 flats of 4 rooms each;
25x80. • ...-...-
For further particulars of the above and for
the Real Estate Record.* containing a list of
properties fcr sale in all parts of the city. In-
quire at our offlce.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
¦ 20 Montgomery »t.
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers.
DESIRABLE sur.ny building lots, close to Du-
boce Park: bitumlnized streets: lots level and
- ready to build c.n; rare chance to obtain a
holding admirably situated and close to the
* city at a very reasonable figure; diagram,
price and all particulars at our offlce.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
20 Montgomery st.,
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers.
I W. J. GUNN\ '¦ •. ~~~
5.10 California st.
? Savings Union Building).
$1750 — Union, sunny side, near Broderick; 23x
100; marine view; easy terms; *2f>O first
. . payment; . easy. Installments;.- ready for
building.
flTCO— Corner on Union St.; 25x110, .
$23S0— SE..cor. Webster and Filbert sts.: 25x
. 100; $150 first payment; a few steps from
the Union and Fillmore st. cars.
$3225 — NW. cor. Lake st. and Fifth' ave. ;
27:0x100; $150 flr*t payment: Sacramento-
st. cars pass every few minutes.
$1900—2 choice lot?. 5Oxl20. E. line of Elev-
enth ave., just N.> of Clement st, with the
marine view.
$400-yChoiee lot; ready for buildln?; Twenty-
first ave., nt-ar Polr.t Lobos; 25x120.
$4000 — Very cheap: Point Lobos ave. corner;
45x100; 2-stcry well-built house; store on
cornrr; ctcse to 3 lines of cars; a grand
bargain.
$375©— CI'ment St.: 3 business lots; 26x115.
$6500 — Larkln; 2 flats; 7 rooms and bathroom
in each: marine view; 41:3-foot frontage;
rents ?45,
$50.000— Pacific Heights: 2 corners; 275xlT7:6;
grand marine view.
W. J. GUNN. 530 California rt.
LOTS, N or S side of Golden Gate Park, pur-
chased by Vf. 3. GUNN. K10 California st.
CALIFORNIA House Wrecking Co. pays the
highest price for buildings and will wr^ck
the largest building- completely within 10
days. Northwest corner Mission and Tenth
sts.. office and yard.
$1T.O EACH — 2 lot* on Buena Vista ave., 2
* blocks of 29th and Mission: easy t?rms. D.
COFFIN & CO.. 5303 Mission at.
FOR rale— Lr.t 25x100. with 2-story building
store and 10 rooms and barn. Owner, 133C
Alabama st.
LATEST sjstem sanitary uluniitlnjr. Phon*
Ahlbach & Mayer, plumbers. S.*lrt Howard st.
POINT RiCHMOSD REA1. KSTATB.
4 LOTS cheap for cosh. 328 Bush st, room
4, third flcoiv
WATER front lots and bargains: all tracts:
maps, photos, etc. BELL. 417 Parrott btda*.
REAL ESTATE Country For Snle'.
718 ACPES near Mayfleld. 11 miles from Kan
Jcve; 100 acres full bearing prunes; largs
vineyard; all good land; water piped every-
where; Immense concrete reservoirs; fln»
houses, stables, bams, etc.: fenced In 6 fields:
coat $100,000; price $50,000. THORNE A
KILPATRICK. 312 Bush st. San Francisco.
IN Elmhurst — $3250; for sale on account of
foreclosure of mortgage; 10-room house; 0
lots; containing fruit orchard, barn. well.
Call on O. BREESER. 12 Mission st. S. y.
$10 A MONTH buys a 10-acre farm.
$200 profit per annum per acre.
Write for booklet. It's free-. eO3 J st.
WRIGHT & KIMBROUGH. Sacramento. Cal.
ALFALFA lands, stock rssches. orchards,
vineyards: inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 648
Market st.
HEAL ESTATE TO EXCUAXGE.
A 160-ACRE ranch with 35 acres in full bear-
ing orchard: house, barn. etc.. to exchange.
P. C. LASSEN & CO.. 4C0 Tenth St.. Oak-
Iand. Cal.
PROl'OS AJLS.
PROPOSAL for shirting flannel, depot quar-
termaster's office, 36 New Montgomery Bt,
San Francisco, Cal., Jan. 16, 1904.— Sealed
proposals, in triplicate, will be received at
this offlce until 10 o'clock a. m.. Monday,
Feb. O, 19O4, Pacific Standard Time, and
then opened, for furnishing 325,000 yards
olive drab shirting flannel, to be subject to
an increase of '20 per cent if desired by this
Department. Bids will be opened for the
deliver}" of the same article at the San Fran-
cisco, • Bcston. 'Chicago, Philadelphia and
New York depots. To avoid "misunderstand-
ing as to the exact nature of the article to
bo furnished, bidders will carefully examine
the standard sample and specifications, so j
that proposals may be submitted by them 1 '
with a full knowleJge of what will be re-
quired, as an absolute compliance with the
standard and specifications will be insisted
upon in the inspection of the goods. Un-
guaranteed bids and bids upon samples dif-
fering from standard and specifications will
under no circumstances be entertained. Pro-
posals for less quantity than advertised for
will be entertained. Bids for delivery or
inspection at other points than those named
above will not be considered. , Early deliver-
ies are essential. Bidders must state in their
proposals the rate and time of delivery
xhould contract be awarded to them. The
article advertised for Is the same for which
bids" will be opened at the other depots.
Preference will be given to articles of do«- j
•'mestic production and manufacture, oondi- 1
tions of price and quality being equal <ln- I
eluding in the price I of foreign production
and manufacture the duty thereon) and such
preference will be given to articles of Amer-
ican production land /manufacture produced
on the Pacific Coast to the extent of the con-
sumption required by the public servics
there. .. The United States' reserves the right
to accept or reject any or all proposals or
any part thereof. I Information and blank"
for propo?al9 will be. 'furnished on applica-
tion. Envelopes containing proposals will. be
furnished on application. Envelopes contain-
ing proposals will be Indorsed "Proposals
for Shirting Flannel"; and addressed to MA-
JOR C. ' A. DF.VOL, Quartermaster, U. S.
Af, Depot Quartermaster. .*- --
PROPOSALS for purchase of U. 8. Quarter-
master's Property. Offlce of Depot Quarte--
master, 36 New Montgomery st, San Fraa-
Flsco. Cal., January 12, 1904. — Sealed ' pro-
posal?, in triplicate, for the purchase of 175
Khaki-covered Cork Helmets and 13.203 Arc-
, tic Overshoes (one buckle) will be received in
this office until 10 o'clock a. m., February 2,
1904, and then opened. > The Government re-
'• serves the right to reject any or all proposals.
Envelopes containing proposals should be
indorsed "Proposals for purchase of Quar-
termaster's property," and addressed to the
' Depot Quartermaster, U*. S. Army. San Fran-
cisco, Cal. Further particulars furnished on
--. application.
JTT:r.r wA\TEI) MAI!; CnntinnvA.
A-MURBAY * READT. CU-«r.6 Clay St.
Phone Main SMS.
Leading Employment ar.d Labor Agents.
l^MVi we gave 1W4 we hope to
IXJ.OOO men work. increase CO.OOO.
ARIZONA, close to Praacoti.
IJ-DO.VT FORGET— $9.
Arizona. To-day. Prescott.
Steady jobs for two year*: big wages.
ITALIANS.
40 Italians to chop w»od; tools found.
S cooks. $30. $4'*. $:>'¦*: $«0 and found.
IN MENDOCINO COUNTY.
No* 1 big job. fl t<. »1 SO cord.
Flacksmith for mine. $m>.
2 boys learn pa'nting. $4 to $5 week.
Gardener. *25 found.
Ptirk?r man. planar matcher. $3 day.
Karrcer and wife, Pmall vme>ard, Napa
County, S30 and found.
COUNTRY.
Farr.i'if* with bovs for box factory, 75c to
?- <Isy *ach.
MUP.P.AY & READY. C3J-6.T6 Clay st.
atlLKER. tan 35c. $:J5 and fd.; 5 muckers.
prld mlr*». $07 50; baker's helper en cakes.
*.".O and id.; cock, frr.all hotel near city, $:;T»
fd.; 2 chsrcosl Lumer*. t-onorna Co.: nur-
wrymBri, 75c fare. $20 and fd. MURRAY &
READY. C34-C«5 Clay st.
CYANIDE rail! man fcr sold min<\ $100 and
fd.: furnishing goods country
Etcre, $7ri. and must give references; Swiss
rr.ilxtr and wife. JftO and found: man about
place. $.".0 kr.d f<*md; hoal cork, $40 and
tound; :ry took. *16 nwk; baker. $1S week:
club waiter. f4-">: butler. $.>• and found, and
others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., t£S Sarra-
ment. n.
EXPERIENCED l>u*ic»>M= ni»-n a-.'i «™»n d»-
ciriflg mercantile jio^ition with good ooffl-
p»-nsation are requested to «-all on th* Ro>-al
Mercantile Co , «-u!te 19. «."oiumbian building.
WW Market st.. or to 1>52 Broadway, Oakland.
TTANTED- Active, hrn«>st man for outsiJe
work and ouilertinj:; *.'»'• month: P»a5y \>c-
witior. : *«f»> cash d»po*it re^uir*-!. 2" Mont-
Itomery st.. room S.
WANTED— A ftrictly first-class and erperi-
m'-»d vourg man ptenograrher tor a finar.-
- r\n\ nffl'e; jalarj" $C0 l*r month. Box
-T.s, «'ai'.
GOVERNMENT positions — Call at room 14.
fifth finer. 3C'i Larkin st.. lor frtee inrormaticn
as to j-CFttione. salaries, age limits, etc.; day
or ever.ir.gs.
WHY pay b'.f rr'ces to fcr.ve your shoes ha!f-
t '-. when ycu can get it done fcr 25c, 10c
acd COc while ycu wait at 5f3 Mission st,
bet. 1st and 2d st*.. cr 11 Third st
PRKFSBOY or yr-ur.g msn to work in printing
-ffio*; (Tcyl wajf.-s. Apply I». BOULIN. 51i»
Filbert Ft.
WANTED — A man « xtwri^n^ d in putting up
ri«=«ks and blackboard?: mart be good work-
man. Address box 401, <"^^.
VAXTED — Bootblack in barber shop 10«2
McAIHster st.
BARBER revoIvine-chaSr Fhop; price S30; a
sxar; rent sr.. 3CT4 Mission st. .
BARBERS— Two-cl:air outfit, complete, for sale
cheap. CsM. before Sun, noon. 418 Larkin st.
¦ TRT cur ir.en"s shoes, union made, at $1 and
SI 60 per pair, foot -form shoes at $2 50 or
crthcpe<i;c *ho*s. S3 50; best rho<c on earth. 11
Third tt . :. \ - :- bld«.. 5 doors frcm Market.
BARBERS, teke notice:— The office of secre-
tsry and Free Employment Bureau has re-
moved to '.* City Kali ave. or ir>04 Market rt..
• at Ju'jrn*;-n-,en Barbers' I'nion. Local 14SI
JOS. R. BLEILY.
A THOROUGHLY crj>en»>nc<=d cook for a small
»-ountr> h<it«-I rear San I.uls Obi«po: $45 and
foun-J; it:rrcase if puifd : fare advanced
Addreys A. O.. box 2G), Call offlce.
BAHPKU wanted to take ha!f ir.terest in a
barber *^"j. ani cipar Ftore clcre to city;
Vs\e your addr»^s here before Sun«Cy noon.
Br» Sisj. CaM efflce.
Th'm;u>ch!y reliable young men
fcr clerical «#rk and co!l»rtln»; bonds and
rvT*mr*i, required; salary $4'i. Box S60
Call offi-e.
WANTED—^n ail arourd bookbinder; cne who
can do forwarding ar.d fj^iyhing on full
bounds. Apply SANDORN VAIL & CO 741
. Market rt.
WANTED — L»h'.r*>rs and nn-ch?. nio* to know
that Ed Roikin. Rpno House proprietor has
m- '.t-i l(Xi new roenrs to the Den%-er House.
217 Tt'.ri 6t.; 2T^> roorc*: 2?o to 50c per night.
WANTED — M»n «nd women to learn the bar-
ter tra-le: wages .aid while learning. Call
¦or a«Mre*s Western CeU-»jre of Barbers. S17
'.'raimixitl #t.. Ban Fn»ncls-^o.
BAIiBKR — TtarOBStUy married man.
»nnts sfadv job :r. country town. ~ur win
**•-:>• rm*\l fh^p chea;.. Box :>S0, Call offlce.
100 YOUNG rr*n "f IS yfart. with good char-
acter, to crranlse military orsanizaticn.
Call at 473 \clenda Ft., bet. C end o p. m..
%VAXTd>— A f.r»t-rlas« carriage blacksmith
at Kc-od «ar-i Apiiiy to A. MEIi-TEU i
. FON5 CO.. Sacramento, CaL
PENSION ATTY.. M. HARRIS. 40 Ellis st; 14
year*' practice: references from thousands of
perform for whom I have secured pensions.
SHOEMAN". with other occupation, for Satur-
day evening. licx .TS3. Call.
TREtR. «^Jge settrr. hottom finisher. Wer.t-
¦ worth Shoe and Leather Co.. ISrth *• Bryant.
MVPICIANS to ioln military fcsnd.~S28 Buss
St.. Thirl rl-c-r. room 4.
IHBEE-CHAIB barber shep fcr sale; strictly
n-.odem. ;."7 Tt?rd ft.
fcAILOns and ord:nEr>- seemen for deep-water
thip*. Apfly DENT'S p!ace. ;« Steuart St.
MEN to Searn tarb^r trade. San Francisco
Barber Co:>p> 7«TA Howard st.
PENSION atty.. E. A. rVjl'.i* room 40. Phelaa
bigg. Pait Corn. Oo, H. Thomas Post, G.A.R.
IScDONALD t PERRY have a large stock of
pew and secend-hand shoes: cheap. 239 3d st
"WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third et near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms; 30c eight: reading rooma;
free *bute and baggage to and frcm ferry.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
cf advertisements tr.d EUbscrtptions has be»n
cpesed at 1008 Market St. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
CLAFSIFIEIJ advertisements and «ub»cHptlcn»
rei-xlved at CaU branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore.
ALL sire* men* chocs, slightly damaged, half
price. T-C3 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 24 sts.
GET ycur ttoet half so'.ed while waiting; 25e
to &r»c r,C3 Viyyion tt.. bet. 1st and 2d iu.
HORSES AXD WACCS1
£5 HEAD of g-xyl work horsps and mares, suit-
able for con tractor* or ranch wcrk. must be
fold; auction rales every Monday at 11
oViock Kt Ellis-ft. Stable. «5 Ellis *t: if
ycu wact to boy, »* 1 or exchange anything
in our line ci\.? us a call; All horses soli
fr<^m this establishment murt be as repce-
«*nt>d. S. WATKINS, Auctioneer.
t*"ILL c!c»e out a larg» Mock of hones, wag-
ons, surries, buggies, carts and harness at
¦ucticn. Jacuarj- lit, at lla. m.. at 1140 Fol-
»¦¦ rr. St.
FOR file — Ha.nd?on:e trac. cheap. Box 37S'J
CaSl ottif*.
Ton rale — Handaoiac trap, cheap. Box 3750,
Call offlce. •
Al EXPRESS wajren. light camping wagon
tod go-cart fcr tale cheep. S32 Mission st.
Largest assorttst 2-hand wagons, buckb'd. sur-
f»y.t^!-D*s*.work.drivlng hcr»es. 15th-Valencia.
HOISES TO LET.
A — PRINTED I-.Etof houses to let; e^ndfor clr-
cular. G.H.UMBSEN it CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A — HOUSES and flats to let; an Immece* list;
service ebsolutely Jree; take advantage of
thl* department: »t will save you time aad
trtuble. Corues Furclture Co.. 242-269 Ueary
*t. co ta« eauare.
EEFOKE rroving get our printed list of houses
>o let. BALDWIN' & HOWELL. 25 Post St.
UOtSES. WAXTED. /
A NEAT, refined couple would like the care
of 6 hr.use dnrias owner"* absence. Box
_2C>. Call.. . x
KVESTHJ5T5,
BONDS. STOCKS AND MORTaAGi-^.
All «J»vid«>nd-i«ying securities for Bale.
' «;i.I;MAMa INVEST CO.. 927 Market st.
__ LOST AAD FODXD.
LOST— A passbook with the Hibernla Savings
aad Lcsn Society cf San Francisco. In the
name of JOHN A. cr KATIE DOHERTY.
No. 102-411. The finder will pleas* return to
bask.
LOST— Between Arhby station and S. F. pier,
on the e. I*, train or boat, cne unfinished
overcoat for boy. Finder will receive reward
by notifying ta>3 Ilaight ct.
LosT — Gcl & d r * collar, ornamented with pearls
and turquoises; finrter Rill receiva • reward.
Answer to box Csll office,
X^?J~ Ob .?*" ry ft • »>!»ck"rtbboB belt with
Cfclne** eiiver buckle, Return to 10C5 Geary
PROVINCE OT'- A NEWSPAPER LIKE THE CALL 0,0BRITISH SHIP SIMLA, WHICH WAS REPORTED IN TROUBLE OX COAST OF VANCOUVER ISLAND. SHE
LEFT HERE ON DECEMBER 30 FOR PORT TOWNSEND. THE SHIP AND HER CAPTAIN ARE
WELL KNOWN AT THIS PORT.
. TO SAIL. ¦
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
January 18.
Arctic .. Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
f crbl « Hamburg & Way. 12 m Pier lu
i't- -Arena. . Pt. Arena & Mdcno 4 pm Pi«r 2
Jf onl ta Newport A. Way.. W am Pier 11
San Juan. . N. Y. via Panama. 12 m Pier 40
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
B. Monica.. Lo, Angeles Ports. 12 ra Pier 2
Rainier Seattle & Whatcom 4 pm Pier 10
Chehalts... Lo« Angeles Ports. » am Pier 2
Czarina.... Cooa Bay direct Pier 8
- . January 17.
Coronado.. ,Lo, ...ngeles Ports. 10 am Pier 10
S. Rosa San Diego & Way. 0 am Pier 11
Pomona Humboldt 1 :30 p Pier U
I»<iu a _- Humboldt 12 m Pier 2
January 18. .
F. Leggett. Los Angeles Ports. 12 m Pier 2
Nevadan... Hono. & Kahului. 3 pm Pier 23
Oregon Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Centralia.. Lou Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 10
Homer Lo» Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 2
January 19.
Elizabeth.. Coqullle River Pior 20
Rival Wlllapa Harbor. .. 4 pm Pier 20
Eureka.... Humboldt... 9amPler,13
S. Barbara. Los Angeles Ports. 4 pm Pier 2
Chlco Coqullle. River 6 pm Pier 2
Arcata Coos B. & Pt Orfrd 12 m Pier 13
January SO. I '
Coos Bay.. Ran Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Corona..... Humboldt '.. 1:30 p Pier 8
. January 31.
Umatilla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier . 9
J. Dollar... Seattle & Tacoma. 10 am Pier 2
G.'Liadauei Grays Harbor..... 4 pm Pier 20
Newburg. .1 Grays Harbor..... 4 pm Pier 10
Sonoma. . . ; Sydney & -Way Pts 2 pm Pier 7
Porno Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pm Pier I 2
State Cal.. Ban Diego & Way. 0 am Pier 11
••"¦ January 23.
Jeanle Seattle & Tacoma. 10 am PItr 1
January 23.
Colon N. Y. via Panama. 15 m Pitr 40
G. W. Eldet Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
North Fork Humboldt ......... 2 pm Pier 20
January • 25. - •.- .
A. Maru... China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
January 26. > »'
Queen..... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier fl
San Pedro- Humboldt ...... -...110 am Pier 2
; FROM SEATTLE. *
Steamer. For, j Sails.
Santa Ana.... Cooks Inlet A Way Pts. Uan. 10
Farallon..... Skagway & Way Ports. [Jan. 10
.Valencia Bkagway A Way Ports. I Jan. 22
Dolphin. . .... Skagway '& Way Ports. |Jan. 24
Excelsior..... Cooks Inlet & Wav Ptn.lFeb. I
Branch ¦ Hydrographic ; Office, U. S.N.. Mer
• chants* .Exchange. • San Francisco. Cal..
"January 15..19O4.-
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
Time Ball.
OAKLAND, Jan; 15. — Otto Fors
man, a sailor, 24 years old. was drown
ed this morning. He fell from a stag
ing on the ship Paramita in Oakland
harbor. The body was recovered by
J. Jacobsen, a fellow seaman.
Sailor Is Drowned.
The steamer Coptic sailed yesterday for Hong
kong via Honolulu and Yokohama with a gen
eral merchandise cargo valued at $245,018,.ex
clusive of treasure, and distributed as follows:
For Japan. $51.4«9; China. $154,709; Philippine
Islands, $21,040; East Indies. $5615; Korea,
$1147; Vladivostok. $11,038. The leading ex
ports were as follows: ¦
To Japan — 20CM1 lbs sugar, 472 lbs cheese,
24112 lbs coffe-;. 03. pkgs paste. 1021 lbs ralelns.
S04t lbs dried fruit. 1286 cs canned goods. .2401
lbs 24 cs ir.lllstuffs, 110 pkgs groceries and pro
visions, 1701 lbs ham and bacon, 998 lbs . but
ler, 32 gals wine. 5 ctls barley, 3 ctls corn,. 24
ctls oats. 2540 lbs codfish. 2520 lbs lard, 700 lbs
nuts, 125 ca table preparations, 54 bales hay,
.". btls, salmon. 7t>l lbs hops, 8 cs liquors. , 1 , bale
cotton; 301 rolls rt pkgs leather. 604 bxs soap.
11 bales ho*e. Ul.fllO lbs pig lead. 33.747 lbs
sheet lead, 100 flasks quicksilver, 55 pkgs bi
cycles and sundries. 97 pkgs machinery, 7 pkgs
paints and oils, 0 pkgs paper, 45 crts rooflne,
3 pkgs electrical supplies, 3 cs dry goods.' ¦*
To China— 1 4,895 bbls flour. CO crts potatoes,
350 lbs nut*. 2310 lbs codfish, 03 ca 1 pkg' sal
mon, 5081 lbs 2 cs cheese, 144 lbs 3, cs butter,"
312 cs canned goods, G243.1h* ham and' bacon.
5000 lbs peart barley, 40 cs liquors. 5 cs cham
pagne. 2 c.i brandy. RO. pkgs fresh" fruit. 1985
lba meals. 1050 lbs hops, 9tt gals 07 cb whisky,
The Coptic's Cargo.
The barkentlne Irmgard sailed yesterday for
Honolulu with an assorted merchandise cargo,
valued at $15,723 and Including the following:
250 bbls flour, 13.427 lba bread. 3331 ctla bar
ley 13 450 lbs bran, 28,245 lbs middlings.- 30
rtls oats. 650 bales hay, 238 ctls corn, 632tt lbs
meal 150.000 lbs salt, 20 pkgs groceries and
provisions 205 cs canned goods, 19,005 lbs as
phaltum. 2 cs dry goods. 50 bxs candles. 22 cs
whifaky 6 C8 wine, ltt cs liquors, 52 gals gin,
28 Pkgs tank material, 9e00 gals vinegar, 875
jrals alcohol. l(/>0 bdls shingles, 103 pkgs wagon
material. 10 cs brandy, 6 cs beer.
Exports to Honolulu.
The British ship Alcinous was cleared yes
terday for Sydney. Australia, with 1.002,270- ft
lumber. 3584 door3. 15.078 lbs hops and 25 bbls
lubricating oil, valued at $40,492.
The following vessels are chartered for lum
ber tall to load on Puget Sound) :
British ship Australia, to Sydney or Port
Pirle at 30b. with option of Melbourne or Ade
laide at 3U M. chartered prior to arrival; Ger
man ship Ecuador, to Cork. U. K. (two ports
of discharge), at 60s; British steamer Long
ships. To Shanghai at 30«. with option of Cal
cutta at 40s. pnor to arrival; French bark Ma-
Si. to Adelaide at 30s. prior to arrival: Brit eh
ship Senator, to Durban at 48s M. with^ option
of Delagoa Bay at 50s. The barkentlne S. G.
Wilder returns to Honolulu with general cargo.
«
A Shipment for Australia.
Shipping Merchant*.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
City and County cf San Francisco to Charles
and Rosalie Raulet. lot on NE corner of Sutter
and Gough streets. E 70 by N 120; $ .
Estate of Martha L. Crogan (by Mary F.
Knight, executrix) to Dorothy Hufschmldt, un
<lf\-ided half or lot on N line of Eddy street, 110
E of Stelner. E 27:6 by N 137:6; $2300.
Estate of Mary U Kldd fby Margaret J.
Nichols, executrix) to Dorothy Hufschmldt.
undivided h8!f of same; 52300.
Henry C. and Margaret Schroder to Antonio
and Catterlna Depaoli. lot on 8 line of Waller
etreet. 1S«:3 E of Steinor. E 20 by S 120; $10.
Patrick J. Land to Helena Wannenmacher
lot on W line of lipideman ytreej, 45 S of OFar
rell. S 30 by W «»; |10. h
Stephen A. and Mary L. Born to John B.
Curtis, lot on W line of Masonic avenue 52 - 6 S
of Halgtit street, S 50 by AY 100; $10
John B. and Lueretia Curtis to Protestant
Episcopal Bishop of San Francisco same- $10
Mary E. Marshall to Orlof N\ Orlow lot on
W Hne of Central avenue. M:.1ii >; n j w as h.
lngton Ftreel. N 7H:4\. W J2O7 S 37S«i E
40:4. ¦ :;0:l>,. E 2<i. S^:7. E 53:8; $10
Henry H. Paulsen to Jamey F I^cwler lot
••n FE ««rner «t Ninet^tnth and Sanchez streets
K 1<;5 by S T," , $10. '
John W. Ryan to same, same- $10
City and County of San Fran'cinco to Charles
Ftrl«fW*ki. lot on W line o» I>>hon ntreet 75 M
of Seventeenth. N TA by \V 28:8- $
Frederick D. Hood to Carrie Hood lot on S
line of Twenty-first etreet, 225 E of Xoe, E 50
, J 3 T ' SH.. A ° B l2 Knonf to Edmund McComb.
lot on VV line cf Bryant avenue °35 s of
Twentr-fiTBt Ftrwt. S 25 by \V $10
William Rnd Eleanor Ke<>gan to' Janies nn<1
Elizabeth Cotter, let on N line or Twenty
wvemh etreet, 3 E ol Church. E 25 by N
Georgi W. and Clara M. Hammet to Charles
P. Ketrell. lot on NE corner of Clipper and
Sanchez street*. E 25 by N 114; $10
Jcwph H. Robinson to Patrick and J»nnle
O-Drisroil. lot on S line of Twenty-third street
ISO K Castro. E 2.'. by S 114 $10 '
Watson i Watson «a .corporation) to Mc-
Ewen Brothers (m corporation), lot on N line of
120 VlO * trm * *" U " ° f DrUXnm ' lV 40 br N
Joseph A. Schwarz alias Joseph Schwarz to
Josephine C. Schwarz. lot on N line of Che"nut
street. SO W of Stockton. W 20 by N 137:";
Same to sarne. lot on N line of rkMim,i
rtreet. Sp W of Stockton. W 37 :6 by N l' T «'
gift. . ¦ ¦
John J. Halloran to IesdpI C. Pistoled Int
fcv W Co7$fo Ma '° a " treet> *> N Of °S M
Mary A. O Kane to Coast Realty Comnanv
lot on 8 corner of Fremont and Haxrt^n
Patr*rk Hrod^r to John P. Bmder lotVn i t
kE%o' rtU £h ftWt - ** EW ° f SW » bf
Bernard McCann to Marie J. j. Hin-lch*
lot on FE line cf Perry street, 405 SW of
Fourth. SW 25 by EE 80; f jo. or
William Earry to IyHltla Barry. Jot en \"F
line of Rausch Ftrept. 275 NW of Folsom- al«^
lot 3K7 SW ct Seventh meet, NE 112 by SE
28: gift. . "
Vtetoire E>colle et e1«. to Emcolle Eetate
Oonupany, lot on N line of Twenty-eighth
WEDNESDAY. JANUARY 13.
HEAL ESTATE TRANSACnOXS.
Frtuay, January 15.
Stmr Pomona, Swansen, 20 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr Del Norte, Green, 36 hours from Cres
cent cflty.
Stmr Westport, Smith. 17 hours from West
port.
Stmr Samoa, Madsen, 1C hours from Caspar;
bound south; put In to land passengers.
Stmr Pasadena, Rasmussen, 29 hours from
Eureka.
Stmr Columbia, Bailey, 58 hours from Port
land, via Astoria f.O hours.
Stmr .Iaaua; Joncenson, 25 hours from Eu
reka. '
* Schr Corinthian, Wlnther. 12 days from
San Diego.
Schr Newark. R?inert*en. Stewarts Point.
CLEARED.
Friday, January 15.
Stmr Bonlta. Glelow, Son Pedro; Pacific
Coust Steamship Co.
Stmr City of Puebla, Jepsen, Victoria and
Port Townsend: Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander, San Diego; Pa
cific Const ' Steamship Co. .
Htmr Centennial. Strand, Seattle; E T Kruse.
I'.r Htmr Coptic. Armstrong, Hongkong and
Yokohama, via Honolulu; O & O SS Co.
Ger stmr Eva. Peterson, Port Townsend;
Mitsui & Co.
Ger stmr Serbia, Bradherlng. Hamburg and
way ports; J D Spreckel* & Bros Co.
Nor stmr Tellua, Arntzen, Ladysmlth; R
Dunsmulr's Sons Co.
Br'shlp Alclnoue, MacCormalg, Bydnej~ J a
Moore & Co. ••
Bktn Irmgard. Schmidt. Honolulu; Williams,
Diznond & Co.
Schr Czarina, Schmalz, Sand Point; Union
Fish Co.
. SAILED.
Friday, January 15.
Stmr Redondo. Krog, Eureka.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. Santa Crux.
Stmr South Coast, Oltwn, Caspar.
Stmr Samoa, Madsen, San Pedro.
Stmr Centennial. Strand, Seattle.
Br stmr Coptic, Armstrong, Hongkong, etc.
Ger ¦tmrEva, Peterson. Port Townsend.
Tug Sea Rover, Thomrsan, Coos Bay. • -v-;
Tug Dauntless. Shea. Grays Harbor.
Bktn Tarn O'Shanter, Slmmle, Willapa Har
bor. .
Bktn Irmgard, Schmidt. Honolulu.
SPOKEN.
Dee 17. lat 13 S, Ion 85. W. Br ship Hart
fleld, from Antwerp, for San Diego.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Jan 15. 10 p m— Weather
foggy; wind SW, velocity <J miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Sailed Jan 14 — Stmr Santa Bar
bara, for San Francisco. Jan lth-Stmr Mon
tara, for San Francisco.
• Arrived Jan 15— Stmr Cottage City, from
Ska g way. . - -
WHATCOM— Arrived Jan 15— Ship Spartan.
henca Jan 4.
TATOOSH — Passed out Jan 15— Stmr Santa
Barbara, for 'San Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed In Jan 15— Br
ship. Austrasia, for Seattle.
-Arrived Ja a ,15— Schr A M Baxter/from
San. Dltgo. .
Arrived Jan 15 — Fr'bark Marie, from Car
diff.
TACOMA — Arrived - Jan 15 — Bktn Robert
Sudden, from Port Lob Angeles.
COOS BAY— Sailed Jan 15, 10 a m— Stmr
Arcata, for ' San • Francisco.
¦- Arrived Jan 15 — Stmi; Alliance, from Port
land. ¦ _ ¦-.•••¦« '"¦¦•¦
Sailed Jan 15 — Stmr Czarina, for San Fran
cisco.
ASTORIA— Sailed Jan 15— Stmr G C Lln
dauer. for San Francisco;, schr R W Bartlttt.
for Redocdo; schr Melrose. for San Pedro; schr
Salvator, for San Pedro; echr Glendalr, for
San Francisco. - . ' ; '
Arrived • Jan 15— Stmr Geo W : Elder, hence
Jan 13. ¦•-¦-¦•• <.
REDONDO— Sailed Jan 15 — Stmr Asuncion,
for San Francisco. . ' • *¦¦¦,-¦;¦¦
BANDON— Sailed Jan 13 — Schr AlDha. for
San Francisco: • schr Advance, for San Fran
cisco; »c*ir Bella, for San 'Francisco; stmr
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. Dua,
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. Jan. 16
v\ . H. Kruger Humboldt Jan. 16
c " rina Cooe Bay. Jan. 1«
V"**?" Portland & Astoria. ... Jan. 18
"'Xf 1 * \ Wlllapa Harbor Jan. 10
S.Monica Grays Harbor Jan. 16
1 China & Japan Jan. 16
P 1^ 81 ' 8 Oravs Harbor Jan. Vt
Coronado Grays Harbor Jan. 16
Marfctn 'w ' % ' ' CO< l UllIe Rlver Jan. J6
Mackinaw Tacoma Jan 1C
Arnata... Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. Jan. 17
Llizabeth Coqullle River Jan. 17
L*elar.aw Tacoma 1 Jan 17
h^H.-n-T San Pedro * Wav HortsjJan. 17
V^Sfii* Puget SounJ Ports....'. Jan. 17
J ,- D T °P a / Seattle & Tacoma Jan. 17
t,. Lindaucr. . Portland & Astoria.... Jan. 17
kure*a Humboldt Jan. 17
J Itra , Hamburg & Way Pts. Jan. 17
Jean' e ¦>• • Saa<tl« & Tacoma Jan. IS
Empire Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. Jan. IS
Titsnia ;.. Nanaimo .\ Jan IS
Newtmrg Grays Harbor Jan. IS
Centralla Grays Harbor Jan. IS
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts. Jan. 18
Homer Grays'Harbor ..Jan. IS
S.Barbara-.. Seattle & Olympla Jan. IN
F. Liggett Humboldt '. Jan. IS
£ omo --- Point Arena & Albion. I Jan. 1U
f»orth Fork... Humboldt .Jan 20
9* x y?y$™Y.. New York via FanatnaiJan. 20
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria I Jan. i!<>
Pomona. Humboldt jjan. 21
Santa Ro«au.. San Diego & Way PtslJan. 21
Point Arenx.. Mendoclno & Pt. Arena. Jan 21
Bonlta Newport & Way Ports. Jan. 21
2 U «"> Puget Sound Ports Jan. «»2
Han Pedro Grays Harbor Jan. 22
J* 0 "* 4 . China & Japan... Jan. 2.'i
Corona........ Humboldt Jan. 24
Centennial... Seattle & Tacoma Uan. 24
Alameda Honolulu Jan. 26
Sea Trips for Tow boats.
The new Spreckels tug Dauntless, Captain
Shea, sailed yesterday for Grays Harbor to
bring down the steam schooner J. S. Hlgglna,
recently launched and coming here to have her
machinery Installed. The tug Sea Rover, Cap
tain Thompson, sailed for Coos Bay, from
where she will bring a lighter to this port.
Water Front Notes.
! The Kosmos liner Serbia sailed yesterday for
Hamburg by way of South and Central Amer
ican 'ports with a very large cargo.
The Japanese liner America Mara Is due here
to-day from the Orient.
The army transport Meade. .looking very
dirty and greatly in, need of the cleaning and
fixing: up Major Devol has in store for her,
docked yesterday at Folsom-street wharf. The
Warren was taken from Hunters Point to the
Union Iron Works.
The ejinboat Qulros, recently reported ashore
on the coast of Borneo, has been floated and
shows little sign of having been injured.
Gray Bros, have commenced work on the ex
tension to the sea wall for which they recently
secured the contract.
Escapes Imprisonment.
OAKLAND, Jan. 15. — Martin
Xoone, a West Oakland youn« man,
charged with holding up an acquaint
ance at the point of a pistol and rob
bing: him of $1 50. pleaded guilty to
the charge to-day and was placed in
the care of Probation Officer Ezra
Decoto. Noone is not yet" 20 years of
age and he stated that he was intox
icated when he committed th© -crime.
The Judge stated that he would not
send him to prison, but give him a
chance to reform.
Donahue Pleads Not Guilty.
OAKLAND. Jan. 15. — Edward
Donahue, a Llvermore blacksmith,
charged with having shot at Charles
O'Brien was arraigned this morning
before Judge O. P. Hall and pleaded
not guilty to the charge. His trial was
set for next "Wednesday.
FLOW OF CALIFORNIA RIVERS.
The following table gives a comparative
statement for two years of the estimated flow
of certain California rivers in cubic feet per
second. ¦ or second feet, one second foot equal
ing 50 California miner's inches, or about 40
Colorado miner's inches. The figures for the
last year may be revised bx later measure
ments.' The figures are by S. G. Bennett,
hydrographer. United States Geological Survey::
SACRAMENTO RIVER AT IRON CANYON.
Second Feet.
DATE. !
1902.. 1903.
January 3 -...-.—.. .......... —-.•rf 12.090 10.150
January 4 .....*.+-*.**. ~. . 11.750 10.150
January 5 ............................ 11.430 9,530
January 6 11.110 9,250
January 7 .1...... 10.7S0 8.950
January 8 10.470 10.15O
January 9 10.150- 10.150
TUOLUMNE RIVER AT LA ORANGE.
"" DATE. SCCOnd FteC
January 3 4S0 325
January 4 480 290
January A 41O 275
January 6 410 240
January 7 410 245
January S 410 225
January 0 410 195
KINGS RIVER AT RED MOUNTAIN.
Second Feet.
DATE.
. j__ 1902. 1J)O3.
January 3 40O ¦ 2CS - 1 -
January 4 •. 40O 2*ss
January K : . . . 4CO "68
January '• 40O 27R
January 7 3PO 2Trf>
January S 36O 250
January 9 V." 400 250
TULE RIVER. NEAR PORTER VI LLR
. DATE. ZfEl^IEEZ
1332. r 1903.
January 3 43 30
January 1 61 30
January !» 43 . 39
January 6 '.....¦. 51. ¦ 30
January 7 5t 30
January S fti 30
January 9 51 - 39
NEW YORK. Jan. 15. — The directors of the
American Sugar Reflnin* Company to-day r#
elected the old officers, with the one exception
that W. B. Thomas was choeea to succeed C
H. Senff as vice president.
¦ E. B. McManus, dock superintendent for the
Kosmos line, was presented the other day with
a gold locket studded with diamonds. It was
the gift of California Camp" No. 634, Woodmen
of the World, in which McManus Is a high of
ficer.
Remembered by Lodge.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
NOTE: — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point: the height
of tide is the same at both places.
SATURDAY, JANUARY 16.
Sun rises 7:24
Sun sets 5:15
Moon rises 0:17 a. m.
C Tlmel Time ITime ITime
S Kt. Ft. Ft. Ft.
a L. W| H W L. WJ H \V
{<$ 4T00 3.0 10:10 o7s!~5 : 081— 0.8
II W| L W |H \V h W
17 0:16 4.6 4;42 3.0;10:07 6.5 5:43— 0.4
18 o:Ca 4.6 0:24 S.O|ll:3o b.3 C:16 — 0.2
It) 1:27 4.6 6:04 3.0 12:1M 5.1 «:4t; u.l
20 l:6fl 4.7 6:« 3.0 12:42 4.7 7:17 0.4
21 2:27 4.7 7:30 2.8 1:20 4.5 7:48 0.8
22 I 2:56| 4.8 3:20 2.7 2:07| 4.2 8:20 1.0
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
tho early morning tldea ara given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence aa to time: the
fourth time column gives the last tide of th»
day. except' when there are but three tides, aa
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plan* of reference is the mean
of. the lower low waters.
BERKELEY. Jan. 15. — The finals in
the try-outs for the Carnot debate
were held to-night in Stiles Hall.
There were eight contestants and the
topic was, "Resolved. That the system
of criminal procedure in France
menaces the liberties of the indivi
dual." The three winners who will
represent the University of California
in the coming debate were: Hart
Greensf elder, J. P. Lucey and Frank
Mandel. Robert S. McWilliams was
chosen alternate. Those who com
peted but lost were: J. E. Metzler.
Philip M. Carey, E. C. Baker, G. C.
Ringolsky. The judges were: Profes
sors A. F. Lange, Willia^m Carey Jones.
M. C. Flaherty and G. M. Stratton, and
H. A- Overstreet.
Carnot Debaters Selected.
A spell of fine weather along the coast yes
terday released a big fleet of vessels which
have been .detained at various ports owing to
the high seas which have rendered Impassable
for certain kinds of craft the bars of the Co
lumbia, Humboldt and Coqutlle rivers. From
Eureka there sailed the steamers W. H. Kru
ger. South Bay, schooners Emma Claudina and
Esther Buhne and the British bark West York.
The schooners Alpha. Advance, Bella and the
steamers Chlco and Elizabeth sailed from the
Coqullle TUver. and from Astoria the schooners
P.. W. 1 Bartlett. Melrose, Salvator and Glen
ilale. The following sailed from Grays Har
bor: Schooners Fannie Dutard. J. M. Weath
erwax, Liziie Vance and the brig Lurllne.
Bar-Bound Vessels Sail.
Suii, Moon and Tide.
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
I. c. at noon of the ''120th meridian, or at 8
p. m.. Greenwich time.. J. C. BURNETT,
Lieutenant, U. S. N.. in charge.
The Occidental and Oriental Steam
ship Company's liner Coptic, Captain
F. H. Armstrong, sailed yesterday for
the Orient v.-ith many passengers and
nearly 4000 tons of cargo. The Coptic's
hold contained 182,000 pounds of beef
for the Russian Government, part of
the Us order placed in this country
some weeks age-. The beef will be
t^nsshipped to Vladivostok at Naga
saki, but If hostilities break out before
the Japanese port Is reached the Mika
do's men will probably find some better
use for the foodstuff than allowing it
to reach Russian territory. The Coptic
also carried Mexican do-llars and silver
bullion for Japan valued at $349,000.
Major I. Furuml and Colonel I. Oka
of the Japanese army were passengers
on the liner. They Have been visiting
the military establishments of Europe
and are going: home to rejoin their
regiments. Earl B. Shaw, another pas
senger, is a son of the Secretary of
the Treasury- He has been appointed
Chinese inspector at Tokio and is on
his way to assume hia post of duty.
Wong Kai Kah. who sailed on the
Coptic is going to China as a commis
sioner from the St. Louis exposition.
When he comes back he will bring with
him Prince Po Loon. H. J. Middletcm.
a British war correspondent, sailed on
the Coptic, whose passengers Included
103 Chinese, a score of Japanese- and
the following named:
For Yokohama-U. D. Ashton F. H. Bug
bird Major I. Kurumi. Dr. K. Haglhara, T.
HaSaguchl. H. J. Mlddleton. Co ion£ L Ota.
Kobe— Richard B'.amey. Mrs. M. U Decker,
Shanfhti-Rev. H. W. Froet, Wong Kal
Ksh Dr F Howard Taylor.
Hongkone-C. M. Allison. A. J.Baum, Fay
C Beai Theodore Bochmer, J. W-Boycc M ss
K. Burnham, J. B Corlev =• «• C"™. Ml "
T Ericksen, B. W. Fields. A. J. Finlay. D.
Fityirtraid. Paul GrammeU A. J. Jordan, fc~
A Kelley I>- A. MenocaU Charles Morgan,
Mr* ChaVles Morgan George NatUnrer. Mrs.
Gc-oree Nattinser. Mrs. M. U Platt. J- B.
Potter C F. Haver. A. W. Uettlg Mm. A.
W Pettlg Earl B. Shaw. Dr. H. M^ Sheppard,
F. W. WakefMd.
Movements of Steamers.
~^0 gals 1 ca wine. 136 cs table preparations,
<>4J lbs 2 cs bread, 25,365 lbs shrimps, 2044 lbs
Mans, 7441 lbs dried, fruit, 1060 lba chocolate,
oS plcgrs groceries and provisions, 1250 flasks
quicksilver, 7 ca boota and 8n oe8. 15 cs electri
cal supplies, 072.180 lbs pip lead, 30 pljgs
plumbing material. 87 bales oil clothing. CO cs
cigarettes. 8780 Ibe lead pipe. 20 cs cartridges.
.•»7I9 lbs glucose, 20 cs turpentine, 24 pkgs roof-
Ing. 50 rolls felt.
To Philippine Islands— 4400 lbs bread* 1500
lbs codfish. 000 lbs coffee. 51 pkgs paste, 1022
°f, ca , n " €d soods. 45CO crts potatoes'. 50 cs salad
011 200 ca whlaky, 6 plcgs groceries and pro
visions, 10.C61 lbs smcked meat, 100 cs wine.
kegs pork. 40 kegs beef, 3000 lbs lard. 252
Kals alcohol, 11 pkgs machinery. 10 pkgs paints.
2 cs dry goods. 4 rolls leather. 8 ca boots and
Bho«s. 40 bbla lubricating oil.
To East Indies— 463 cs canned gooda, 300 lbs
meals, 227« lbs hops, 1 cs honey, 10 cs oil. 7B0
lbs dried fruit. 368 c* canned salmon. 39O« lbs
hops, 37 ca whisky, 24 cs syrup. 31 pkgg gro
ceries and provisions.
To Korea— 2000 lbs sugar. 660 lbs mlllstuffs,
~ ca lluuore, 410 lbs cheese. 17 pkgs potatoes.
12 bxs fresh fruit, 35 pkgs groceries and pro
visions. 350 lbs dried fruit. 85 cs canned goods,
«1 gals wine, 320 IUb ham and bacon, 200 lbs
soda, 3 cs salmon, 3€0 lbs bread, 2 cs dry goods
To Vladivostok— 1S2.000 lba packed beef.
In 'Homeward Bound; or. the Cruise of the
Campaign Hat." a publication prepared by tho
passengers "of the army transport Sheridan and
printed at Honolulu, the following tribute is
paid to Captain Peabody: "Here's to our gal
lant skipper. Captain Peabody, who can ex
plain latitude anil longitude to suit th» mind
of everybody. He never contradicts the cock
«=ure. He comforts the ignorant and reassures
the wise. He should run for Congress."
Toast to Captain Peabody.
Customs Inspector T. R. Harrison nearly fell
overboard on Thursday from the transport
Sheridan. He was standing at the head of the
ladder on guard, Reaching overboard to get a
view of another part of the vess«l. he lost his
balance. Inspector Head grabbed Harrison s
legB as they turned for the dive and with the
assistance of some soldiers pulled his brother
officer to a place of safety. While upside down
Harrlson"s hat and the contents of several
pockets fell into the tide and were not recov-
Inspector's Close Call.
The report from the north that a ship.
sur.Doaed to be the Britisher Simla, was in
trouble on the shores of Vancouver Island,
caused considerable anxiety in the local ship
ping world and further news «» » wa ""L w " h .
grave interest. The Simla left here . December
30 for Port Townsend. She arrived ""f. 00 ":
ber 28 from Cardiff, from which port she
brought 3eOO tons of coal. The ship I. well
known here and her commander Captain
Steele, has many friends at this port. Ad»«
patch from Port Townsend. Wash., received
last night, said the report of the wreck of the
Simla was not credited there.
Anxiety for Simla.
Liner Sails for the Orient Deeply Laden With Valuable Gargo,
Which Includes Meat for the Russians and Mexican Dollars
for Yokohama — Chinese Passenger Will Bring Back a Prince
i Mining Stocks.
| SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
i Following were th« sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
4C0 Amies *... •»-( 1f<» Ophir 4 «A
7<:t> Belcher 3S| 2t«> Ophlr 4 8>
SCO Caledonia ....I W> W0 Savage 5«
l.iiiO Chol!ar ;{ l M* Scorpion 05
i 400 Con C & Va.l XO HK> S?g Belcher., li
10O Con C & Va.l 75 2CO Sierra Nev .. 53
ICO Confluence ...12<> 100 Sierra Nev .. 7,"
](*> Con NY 12 l(i«» Sierra Nev .. 7S
21)0 Crown Point. x:§ 2fX> St • Louis la
4C0 Gould & Cur. \- 200 I'nion Con . . 9."i
1C0 Hale & Norc. 75i 8<:o Union Con . . 9'j
ICo Justice 1H 3C0 Utah '.-J
300 Mexican 1 No 200 Yellow Jacket .Vj
3CO Mexican . 1 9Oj 100 Yellow Jacket Jl
300 Overman .... 30|
Afternoon Session.
200 Andes 4l|200Ophir. 1M
20O Belcher 37 20O Overman .... 2S
400 Cale«icnla I 00- 2Cf» Potosl '.*r»
100 Caledonia M 1 ICO Savage 5»
1C0 Challenge Con .It! 500 Savage W>
200 Con C & Va.l 75i :«i> Sierra Nev .. 73
700 Con Imperial. »Uj ICO Silver HUI .. «;?
1C0 Confidence ...1 20 1 SCO I'rion Con .. J>S
400 Gould & Cur. 4OJ14CO I'tah 2n
40O Justice If TOO Yellow Jacket 50
300 Mexican Ui|
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the *al*s on the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
S0O Andes 4U[ 2HO Mexican ....'.1 «¦)
800 Andes 4Ui UOO Mexican ...177',
SO Best * Belch.2 C3. SO Ophir * M
2C0 Bullion 09 (100 Overman .... 32
1C0 Caledonia ..1024 200 Potosi .:o
100 Caledonia I Oj ; .",00 Savage BX
200 Chollar 2ft ; 2f>0 Savage M
2<X> Chollar "0 30O Belcher .... % . 1^
."<iO Con C A Va.l SO; 10O Sierra Nev .. 7<«
400 Con C & Va.l S3; 10O Sierra Nev .. sa
W!O Con C & Va.l 75' 1(K> Sierra Nev .. -«
100 Con C & Va.l 70i 200 Sierra Nev .. 74
100 Crown Point.. 31 .ICO Sliver Hill .. »"><
200 Gould ft Cur. 45i 1C0 Tnlon Con .. JW
200 Gould & Cur. 42 j 200 Union Con .'. 1W
ICO Hale & Norc. 70i 4Oi> Union Con .. 95
100 Mexican ...1 O2V4 50O T'nlon Con .. »rs
1OO Mexican 1 f»l 200 Union Con .. 97
ICO Mexican 1 BOi 2CI> Yellow Jacket .*.1
SCO Mexican .....1 731 0CO Yellow Jacket 50
Afternoon Session.
COO Andes 42! 200 Mexican IRS
100 Andes 44 100 Ophlr 4 75
lOrt /.ride« 4.1 ICO Ophlr 5 TO
200 Caledonia I fi3! 100 Ophlr 5 12t
20i> Challenge Con SSi 20<> Potosi SO
lOOChollar 3rti 1 Of) Savage «2
l«f> Con C St Va.l SO; loo Silver Hill .. 71
10O Con C & Va.l 73 400 Utah 21
ICO Con C & Va.l 85; 400 Utah ;... 22
200 Justice lfi' BOO Utah 23
100 Mexican t 80! 100 Yellow Jacket 51
200 Mexican ...1 024 2C0 Yellow Jacket 33
S00 Mexican 1 00,
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on tho San Fran
dsco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
' Morning Session.
7C0 Esperanza ... 01! 100 Mont Ton..l 22H
300 Evelyn 23 1000 Rescue 05
I 600 Gold Anchor. 27j
* Afternoon Session.
1 SO© Evelyn 25 25OO Rescue 0«
! 20O MacNamara . 10 25OO Rescue 0T
I 700 Mont Ton ..1 25: 1W Ton Belmont. 63
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY. Jan. 15—4 p. m.
Bi.1.Ask.[ Bld.Ask.
Alpha 12 13' Justice 15 1«
Alta 14 11! Krntuck O4 05
Andes 41 V". kVypj Oraea.. — 17.1
Belcher 4T 44 Lady Wash.. — 10
Best & Belch.2 to 2 SOiMexlcan 1 03 2 00
Bullion CS f» Occidental .. 71 73
Caledonia r.'.l 00 t 00 Ophir 5 CO 5 12H
? hallenge Con S3 .""» Overman 2H 3i>
Chollar SO ."2 Potosi 2?> .T>
Confidence ... 1 2O 1 25 Savage Kt f 5
Con C & Va.l SS 1 IKI Scorpion 05 07
Con Imperial. 0-1 04 Seg Belcher.. 12 14
Con NY 10 13 Sierra Nev . . 74 7rt
Crown Point. 3D 34 Silver Hill ..70 73
Eureka Con . . — W> St Lot£* .... — 23
Exchequer ... 20 22;Syndic** ... 04 W
Gould & Cur. 4". 45;rnlon Con -..1 no 1 n.%
Hale & Norc. H2 SOJTTtah »J 22 2:5
Julia 06 07IYellow % Jacket 52 54
TONOPAH JUNES.
Bld.AskJ Bid. Ask.
Colehan — 19 Ton Belmont. 50 <**
Esperanza ... — 01 Ton A Cal.. — 25
Gold Anchor. — 27, Ton of Nev. 5 25
MacNamara . OS lt!Ton N Star.. 3O .rt
Mont Ton..l 22*^ 1 2.VTon Midway.. 41 45
Paymaster ... C8 13;Ton * S Lake 15 SO
Par & OBiien — 10, Ton Superior. — eo
Rescue C« C7L*nlf«<J Ton.. 13
Continued From Page Fifteen.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
JAPANESE ARMY OFFICERS DEPART
FOR NATIVE LAND ON THE COPTIC
NEW YORK — Arrived Jan U — Stmr
from Hamburg. • e.— ,- «-»nr
LIVERPOOLr-Arrived Jan 14— Stmr Geor
QUHENSTOWN— Sailed Jan.lt— Stmr Cano
pic, from IJverpool. for Uc«ton. SZLJ-i
lk>NPON— Arrived Jan 13— Ptmr \ ermont.
from Portland. Or. via Singapore.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
* HONGKONG— Arrived Jan IS— Br stmr
Athenian, from Vancouver.
Sailed Jan 15— Br stmr Alsoa, for San
Francisco. ,. r> tfn
NEWCASTLE. Aus— Arrived Jan 15— bkiii
Hawaii, from Ca?e Town.
Arrived srlor to Jan 15— Br shin, Ben i^e.
he SHANGHA?-Arrived Jan 13-Bktn KokO
Head, from Port Towrsend. v . ,.
VICTORIA— Arrived Jan- 14— Ger bark Ad
miral T esethofT. from Antofagasta.
Sailed Jan 14— Fr ship Andre Theodore, for
United Kingdom.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Dec 1»— Br stmr
Atholl. from Hlogo. for San Francisco.
TENERIFFE— Arrived J»n 4— Ger stmr
Ftlesia. hencv Sept 12. for Hamburg
MELBOITRNK — Arrived srior to Jan 10
Ital shiD Herot. from Port Blakeley.
-' DVNGENESS — Passed Jan li> — * r barK
1-Herralte. hence Sept 5, for Antwerp.
SYDNEY — Arrived Jan 14— Schr Daua
Evans.' from Aberdeen. Prior to Nov 15-
Nor ship Almcdla. from Portland Or Br bark
Woollahra. from Kureka; schr Minnie A Caine.
'TriveTjan 14-Bktn Amazon, from Port
G BEACHT HEAD-Pa-sed Jan IJ-^er .ttnr
Herm&nthiB, from Hamburg, for San F.-an-
Cl MAXZANILLO-Arrived Jan 15-Br rtmr
At^ I I I TH r^a"ed nB J k ari^-Br riU» Greta, for
Honolulu
FOREIGN PORTS.
MANILA— Sailed Jan. 4— IT S stmr Dix. for
San Francisco. ' ¦¦-' '' _, v P ., n
HCXOLULU-Arrlved Jan Kt-Bkin %>'%•
nado. lience Ja.n 1: stmr Alamfda. hence Jan J.
Elizabeth, 'for San Francisco; s>tmr Chlco, for
San Francisco. ¦ L ,_ _.
PORT I.OS AXGELES— Sailed Jan li>— Fr
bark La Bruyere. for Portland. Or.
Sailed Jan 1&— Stmr Alcazar, for Green-
ORAYS HARBOR— Sallnl Jan 14—^ Btmr
Chehnll*. for San Franoisro. Jan '^^"J
Fanny Dutard. for Ventura: pchrs J M
Weathenvax and Llzxle Vance and brie l-ur
llne, for San Francisco. ,
Arrived Jan 15-Stmr San Pedro hence U
EUREKA—Arrived Jan 15— Schr Jofcn A.
hence Jan 8. _ . o «r,
failed Jan l.V-Stmr South Bay. for S«i
Francisco; «mr W H Kra« er. for Sw Fran
cisco; schr Emma Claudlna. for R cd . ond -° •.,£,,'
Esther Buhne. for San Pedro; Br bark l\est
York, for Melbourne. _
Sailed Jan 15— Strnr Acme, for San J-ran
cIfco; stmr Lakmf. for San Pedro.
Arrfved Jan 15— Stmr Eureka, henc* Jan **
ISLAND POUTS
H. H. and M. G. Bancroft (owners) with
¦Western iron Works (contractors), architects
Cunningham and- Pollteo, cast iron base,
plate« and certain steel columns, etc., for al
terations to a 7-story and basement brick
building on S line of Butter street, 109 E of
Van Nesa avenue, E 68:9 by S 120; total
$1572.
Fannie P. Farnsworth (owner) with Richard
Keatlnps (contractor), architects Newsom &
Newsom. concrete work, foundation . walls,
piers, area walls and elevator pits for build
ing on the W line of Third etreet. 137:6 N
of Townsend, 137:6 on Third street by 1C0
total, $0000. ,T'
James L. Flood (owner) with R. B. Moore
(contracton. architect Albert Pissls. sashes for
building on the NE corner of Powell and
Eddy Btreets. E 22:S%. NE 18(5:6%, NW
<E!:S>;. N 114:11',, W 137:10. S 276; total
f4?C0.
LichtenMeln Broe. (owners) with J. Schmidt
(contractor), architect. E. W. Hyde, alterations
and additions to a 2-*tory building at 21 Stock
ton street; total, $1825. ,
J. D. Hannah (owner) with Hannah Bro«.
(contractors), architects Frank S. Holland —
All work for a 3-story and rough basement
frame building (6 flats) on lot on West ave
nue, near Patton street. 25 by 100; $SCOO.
James I*. Flood (owner) with J. R. Tobin
(contractor), architect Albert Pissis — Plaster
ing for building on NE corner of Powell and
Eddy streets. E 22:S"6. NE 1«G:«% NW
62:814. N 114:11?;. W 137:10. S 275; $J0*C30.
Guetav ' C. F. Schwarz (owner) with Carl
Rchutt (contractor), architects Martens & Cof
fey — All work except mantels, drewers. til
ing, shades, gas fixture*, plumbing and paint
ing for two 3-story frame buildings (six flats)
on lot on NW corner of McAlllnter and Stelner
streets. W 64:6 by N 87:6; $13,130.
William Ede Company (corporation) (owners)
with William Cronan (contractors), architect
William Burlett— Skylight and tin work for
theater and office building in course of erec
tion on lot. on S line cf Market street, 75 —
of Ninth, E CO. S 1C5, W 125, N 75, — 75, N
l»0 to beginning; $51JO.
Same owners with J. H. Tobin (contractor),
architect same — Plastering, decoration and step
and floor covering for same on same; $23,900.
Hans Veronl (owner) with S. M. York (con
tractor and architect), all work for a 2-rtory
and basement frame building on the S line of
Grove street, 112:6 W of Lyon, W 25 by a
137 :C; total. $3300.
Building: Contracts.
Antonio end Clotilda V. Caselli (by Fenl
Rels Jr. and William S. Pardy. trustees) to
Pacific State* Saving, lx>an and Building Com
pany. 1S71 I) 37«, lot on W line of Edin
burgh street, 250 S of Russia. S DO by W 100.
block 39, Excelsior HomeEtead, trustees' deed'
$900.
P. Rothermel to George W. Evans, lot on
E line of Ram««-Il street. 250 8 of Garfleld
S 25 by E 100, let 17. block .15. city land; $10
Mary A. and Eugene N. Frits to Harrietts
de Witt Kittle, lot on NE line of De Long
avenue. S5 NW of Piedmont street. NW 60 by
NE 103:1?;. block 3. Flint Tract: $10.
Bernhard and Rose Getz to Perry J. Smith.
lot on NW Una of Edinburgh street. 100 NE
of Penia avenue. NE 25 by NW 100, block 37,
Excelsior Homestead: $10. *
Solomon and Dora Getz to J. J. Mahoney,
lot on W line of Twenty-second avenue 175
N of [i street. N 25 by W 120; $10.
Golden Hate Syndicate (a corporation) to
T. Donnelly, lot on K line of Twenty-first
avenue. 42«:1 N of P etreet, N 173-11 by
E 240. S 1SO:2. W 210:4. quitclaim deed; $H»
Mary Munk to Frederick Munk. undivided
one-half of lot on NE line of Francis street,
:iZ0 NW of Mission, NW 25 by E 100, Acad
emy Tract; $10.
Robert and Christine F. McMillan to Susan.
Kmrna F. and Mary Elliot, lot on NE corner
of Forty-seventh avenue and K street. N 100
by E 107:6; $10.
G. Arthur Smith to Mary Smith, same; $10.
Albert Meyer to Alma E. Bartllng, lot on
W line of Seventeenth avenue, 150 S of li
street, S 25 by W 120; $10.
Same to Joseph 1*. Day, lot on E Hne or
Sixth avenue. 35 S of Hugo street. S 25 by
E 85; 510.
William Cosble to Rebecca J. Peterson and
Andrew Lynch, lot on S Hne of California
street. R2:<J W of Ninth avenue. W 50 by S
110: $10. '
Ellen A. and George a. Fire to G. Arthur
and Mary Smith, lot on W line of Eighteenth
avenue, 126 N oT Point I-obos, N 25 by W 120-
Estate of Andrew Glasaell (by Hush and
Andrew Glafasell, executors) to Reginald W
Ssnuford, lot on NW line of Townsend street!
<a:'J SW of Fourth, SW 22:14 by NW 120; $10.
Frederick and Louise Walpert to Philip W.
Beitun. lot on E line of San Bruno avenue
166:8 S of Humboldt, S 33:4 by E 100; $10.
Lelard S. and LllJie W. L*throp to Califor
nia, Safe Deposit and Trurt Company, lot on
NW line of Fifth avenue and L«ke street. W
27:6 by N 100; $13,500.
John P. and Caroline Schmltz to same lot
on E line of Mason street, 112 *8 N of Turk
N 23 by E 71:6; also lot on SB line of Ma-
ket etreet. 250 NE of Ninth: NE 25 by SE
90; also lot on S line of Twenty-flm street.
aO W of Valencia: W 47 by N 114- $10
Mary W. Davis to Marie U Raymond (wife
of Cecil), lot on S line of Vallejo street. 157-0
B of Taylor; E 19:6, S 70:5fc, W 19:6, N
<S:l%. quitclaim deed; $1.
Timothy Clancy to Marie U Raymond,
same; J&00. •
Marie U and Cecil Raymond to Joseph F.
and Francis Moran, game; $10.
Margaret Qranvlile to Horaoa C. Sexton lot
on SE line of Freelon street, 175 KE of Fourth
NE 25 by SE 80; $10.
Jacob and Una Heyman to Sarah I. Mac-
Lean, lot on S line of Twenty-seventh etreet,
ITUI:" W of DouBlass. W 50 by S 114; $10.
Andrew J. Ralston (and ae trustee Catherine
A. Har.r.a) to John S. and Peter N. Hanna lot
on E line of Davis street, 91:8 N of Clay N
45:10 by E 137:0; $ . '
John P. Schmttz to John Peter Schmits Com
pany, lot on N line of 60-vara lot 881. distant
71 :fi E of MiLson, E 22. S S8:5U. SW 27-1%
N 104:3%; $10. -;-?'¦
Dan!* 1 Buckley to William Ede Company, lot
on W line of Mission street. 1S5 N of Nine
teenth. .V 25 by W 80. quitclaim deed; $2.
William Ede Company (a corporation) to
Caetano Ptiffhese. lot on W line of Mission
s'reet. 135 >: of Nineteenth. N 25 by W 80;
$3450.
Mark K. Mogan to Sarah E. Mogan. lot on
SW corner of Fifteenth and Sharon streets. W
25 by S 10(»; also lot on S line of Fifteenth
street, 100 W of Sharon. W 25 by S 100; gilt.
Charles J. and Sarah A. Kurt to James E.
I*er.n$n and Albert Knowles, lot on E line of
Walter street, lOtS N of Fourteenth, N 25 by E
125; sift.
Same to Leslie H. Collom. lot on-E line of
Foleom street, 150 S of Eighteenth, S 27:2 by
E ISO; t* . ,
City and County of San Francisco to V.'. A.
Beseman. lot on W line of Rondel place. 280:4
S of Sixteenth street, aleo lMaO^ E of Va
lencia. S •'{2:3. W 47 more cr less; $ .
Henry R. and Hattie Newbauer to Fredwin
H. and Mamie Somers. lot on S line of Sacra
mento street, 1S<5:5 W of Lyon. W 27 by S
132:7%; *10.
City and County of San Francisco to James
Englifh, let on W line of Gough etreet, 110 S
of Post. S 27:0 by W 110; $ .
Same to Napoleon J. and Annie L». Hunt, lot
<n SW corner of Paee and Scott streets, S 37:6
by W J00; $ .
THURSDAT. JANUARY It.
1'. li. Larronde to Hannah B. de Urloste.
lot en NW lire of Duboce (Thirteenth) and
Alpine eereetf,. W 25 by N 100. lot 10, Spreck
els' subdivision* of blocks A, B and D, Park
Hill Homestead 2; flO.
Jonn Miller to Emil and Mary J. Kaufman,
lot ti. block C. Park Lane Tract; ?10.
John end Mary McDonough to Stephen
McCue. lot 12!». gift map 1, on E line of Wool
street. 25x70; $10.
Mho- A. Birch to Bernhard Get*, lot on N
line of Montana Ft reft; 290 E of Orizaba. E
1C0 by N 125, let 7. block .U. Railroad Home
stead AE6oc<at!on 2; $10.
Aaron and lA>uisc R. Herlnghi to sam<> lot
on N line of Thrift street, 150 E If Plymouth.
E SO by N 125. lots 7 and S. block Z, Railroad
Homestead Association 2; 110.
j :;(*». lots » to 20. block 1043. «a!t marsh; $H>.
j F.agcnf N. an-1 Mary A. Fritx to City and
I County of San Francisco, lot on NW line of
Piedmont etreet. 22S:1*; PW of Masonic ave
nue. S\V 50. NW 125, NE 01:5, S 2:11, SE
122 :r». Mock X Flint Tract; $1.
John w Hamilton to Dora M. Hamilton,
I lot on W line of Cuvior street. 100 X of Bos
wortn. N 23. W 100, N 175. W 100. S 200. NW
j 30t\ lots .", 16 to 23, block 3, De Boom Tract;
i girt.
j Acme BulMinp and Loan Association" to John
C Van Noy, l<»ts 274 cr.d 27S, Heyman Tract;
$10.
l'nite-1 Railroads of San Francisco to S.
Ducas Company, lot on S\V corner of Preclta
avenue and Folfem Ftrec;. W X40. S 242 :»J, »
i TM, E 3KI. N 20, Precita. Valley lots 114 to
? us: fiv.zbs. ¦¦- ;. ,
Adel V. Eneolle to tame, lot on E line of
; Thirty-seventh avenue. ICO N of D street. N
i 10o by E 12ti; $10.
E.«c<.!le Estate Ccfnpany to Julie J.
Schwartz, same; JSOO.* -
Uruno Relnhold to Robert F. Utieknam. lot
re-reccrd lM'S I> 2.". on K line of Twenty-first
avenue. €5 X of K street. N 35 by K 12O; $UK
I Msriaret A. Martin to William K. Christy.
i lot on W iine of Seventeenth avenue, 100 N
I ct N street. N 50 by W 120; $10.
Mari? K. Karilan and W. and Esther Roe-
I entxrg <Ka:>lan) to Frances Kaplan, lot on
j NE corner of Seventeenth avenue und B street,
NE 147:1. E 1M:11. SE 148:101 HE 200. NW
Ftreet, 132:9 E of Ellen (Hoffman avenue),
E &O:ll Dy N 114, and property out of wunty;
$10.
Alexander H. Bally to Isabella F. Schottler.
lot on NE line of Morris street. 250 SE of
Harrison, SE OO by NE BO: J1O.
Herman Schottler t» same, came; tfft.
Union Trust Company of San Francisco to
Eir.anu-E! JXindcr*:arten, lot on S corner of
Harrison and Cheeley Btreets, SE 00 by S\V
CO; J10.
Emma it. Anspach to Philippine Anspach.
lot on E line of Hampihlre street, 11C:6 N
of Twentieth. N 25 by E 10C; gift.
Clay Mocumb to William A. lieckwith, lot
on N line of Twenty-third, street, 75 E of
Rhc<ie Ib'.ari. E 25 by N 10C; $10.
Metha Rohe to Herman Rover, lot 'on F. line
of Second avenue, 250 S of Clement street. S
26 by E 120; $10.
Mt>tll<*K C. and Anton H. Kllnt to William
B Herlihy. lot on K line of Thirty-soventli
avecw, HA) K of E> stre*t. N 100 by E 120;
* r
Julia C Pyburn cEscoile), wife of W. H.,
end Oa!olin<» Manuel (Eecolle), wife of A. A..
to fame, undivided two-elevenths of same, and
all interest !n estate of Honore Escolle;
J |U,C0U
\ Ks-tate f>f Honore A. Widein&nn (minor) by
I Fred H. Widemann I guardian), to same, un
i divided one-twenty-seoontl of rime; $3250. v
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 10, 1904.
14
r^Friends and acquaintances are rerpect-
fully Invited to attend th« funeral services
to-morrow (Sunday), at I :45 o'clock, at the
raeidenoe of her daughter. Mrs Lizzie Jubk.
417 TTiirty-e'sMta street. Oakland. Oren,a-
tlon at Oakland Crematorium.
W1KSOR— In this city, January 13. l»04, A'l-
irustus W.. beloved hr^band of Ella A. Wln-
sor. a native of Johnston. R. I., aerd <>3
years 11 months and U days.
Eys^rvicen will be held to-day fSatur-
day). at «:30 o'clock, at hU late residence.
2S21 Seventeenth street, between York street
and Potrrro avenue. Interment Mount Oli-
vet Oemftery. -
£7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
at 11 o'clock, from htr !ate residence. 2207
Polk street. Interment Cypress Lawn Om»-
t»ry. Pleiae omit flowers.
ST. JOHN"— In this city, January 15, 1904. at
2677 Twenty-first street. John, beloved hus-
band of the late EMen St. John, and mother
of Mr«. F. Marker, Mrs. J. Oayball, Mrs.
M. Heavey and Minnie and WUJie St. John,
a native of County Tirperary, Ireland, aged
72 years.
BTUTZ— In this city. January 14. 1904. Wil-
liam. Nearly beloved son of Anna and the
late Jacob Etutc. and beloved brother of
John and Frederick Stutz. a native of San
Francisco, ared 14 yearn and 26 flays.
E7Friend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited t> attend the funeral services
to-day (Saturdny). at 1 o'clock, at hia
late re*£dence. 22<>0 Jones Ktreet, between
Greenwich ami Lombard. Interment Holy
Croea Cemetery.
SULLIVAN— In this cSty. January 14, 1904.
James W.. beloved son of iJaniel J. and
Hannah M. Sullivan, and beloved brother of
Annie, Mabel and Daniel Srlltven and Mra.
Leo J. McGinn, a native of San Francisco.
ae*ed 27 yeare.
pyKrlends are rwioectfaUy invited to at-
tend the funeral Sunday. January 17. at
12:30 o'clock, from the residence of his
parents. 1533 Fulton street, thence to St.
Agnra Church for servicee. oomtnenclnjr at
1 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
THALER — In Oakland. January 15, 1804,
Conrad Thaler, beloved father of Lena,
Henry. Conrad. Oustav and Charley Thaler
and Mrs. Lizzie Judk. a native of Bavaria,
Germany, aged so y«anr :? months and 21
daye.
CT'FViends ana acquairtanceo are respect-
fully Invited tu attend the funeral to-day
<Faturday), at 0 o'clock, from his late rr«i-
d?nce. 128 Pace rtrwt. thence to Sacred
Heart Church, where a requiem lr.gh maw
will be celebrated for the repose of bis KOi
at S:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemftery. by electric car from Kighteenth
and Guerrero streets.
ROXEl'HG — In this city, January 13. 1304,
Retta, bclovfd caughter of Joseph and CUra
Poxburg, a native of Pennsylvania, ayed 15
years C months and 21 days.
E^Friends ar.d acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend th» funeral Saturday,
January 1<5. lt»04. at 1O:3O o'clock, from the
«s!aenc« of her parents. 395 Guerrero street,
thence to Mission Dolores Church. wh«r<?
service* will be held at 11 o'clock. Inler-
mer.t Holy Croca Cerneterj'.
SCHELLCR— In the City and County Hospital.
January 15. 1S04. R. E. Scheller, a native of
f-wltj^rland, astd Vi years.
SHEEHAN' — Mary Sheehan. dearly beloved
wife of John Shoohan. and mother of John
J. Sheehan. Mrs. J. L'njuhart Mrs. William
Mahoney and Daniel- J.. Morris F.. William
B. atid Cornelius E. Sheehan. a native of
Irclasd. aged 04 years.
SILVA— In tills <-ity, January 15. 1W4, Ellen
H. Sllva, bt-lcved wife of the late Manuel
Silva. and mother of Mrs. GecrgB C. lien-
na!lack. a native of California, aged 42 years
4 months «md "i days.
SMITH — In this city. January 15. 19O1. EHlen.'
beloved wife, of William Smith, and mother
of James Smith, a native of Scotland, a^vd
72 years.
C7Tuni>ral tervioe* Sunday. January 17.
at X-.Zn ooio<-k, at the reyidrtire. 4^j Mc-
<*ormick place. Interment Cypr«?es Lawn
«>m*.terj-.
RILEY— lr. thiF city, January 13, 1904. James,
beloved husbend uf Ann Itiley. and bHovrd
father of .lames P., Margaret and Minnie
Rlley and Mrs. A. Arnold, a native of Liv-
erpool. Bniriand. A number of Veteran
Firemen> Aypociaticm «if tran KVenclsco.
£7The funoral Fcrxice«. will be held to-
day (RsJurday). at JI o'clock, at the crema-
tory at O«'<3 reKim" Cemetery, under th<?
atiFpice* of Ivanhoe Lode* No. r>. K. of P.
Pleane omtt flowers.
iSXJlAA~»Y— In this ci:y, January 14. 1904. Kate
M. Mulloy. belov*-d mother of Charles W.
as-1 BQa F. Molloy sndl Mrs. Kdw. N. Keyt.
E7"FV>n(5* ar.d arquaiTUanc?* are respect-
fully lrvited to atten<l the funeral Saturday
•nornJrtr. January ir,, ;yft4. at 0 o'clock,
frofr b«r late reaidenoe. 1363 Golden Gate
tv*tiue, thence to Holy Crc*^ Churob. where
m Koleroc requjem maj?» wil! l>e celebrate-1
for the renose cf her <>3ul. commencinc ai
S-.JO o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
Sn'RPirr— In this city. January 15. 19W.
MJcharl W. Murphy, a native of New York,
aeed 77 yeare.
POPPEK— In this city. January 14. 1&04.
Charies I'oPDer. husband of the late Lottie
Popper, nml father of Max and the lat«
Bertha Popper.
CT'lr.tenrent private.
PITTICK— In this citv. January 14. 1901.
William Puttick. htn-barwl of L,out«a Puttick.
and grandfather of William nnj Goorjre Pitt,
a native of Krurland. meed CT years and 11
months.
John. N. B.. aued CJ> years 8 mon'.hs anJ 11
<JayK.
lrr-iATia. BfrrG 7« year*.
C?"Frl*nds and aotjuairitances ere respect-
fully Invited tu attend the !un«-rai Saturday.
January ]C. at !>:C0 o'clock, from his late
residence, 17 Converse street, thence to fct.
.lavph'6 Church, where a sclpir.n rpquiem
msts will l>e fplehrat^d for tht reuo*e of
hia sou!, rommenrinc at K' o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cmss C*rn<terv.
MI:LI.1N— In OiU city. January 1*. J9O4.
Junn. husband of .fulia Mullln. and father
nt Gnoree A. Mn!!!n, Mrs. K. W, nisbry
and Mrs- X. B. P:nkham. a native of Pt.
liWW, Solomon, beloved son of Max and the
lat* Clara Ix>hmann, and brother of Adolph,
Oharlee ana Ray l>«b:r.«inn a-nd Mrs. D. B.
H*rri«. R native of New Vork City, aged -J
years ti months and —I davs.
MrARULE- In thi« city. January 15. 19°?.
John, beloved liusliand of th<" late Nellie
MCArdle. father of Jowi>h end May Me-
Ardle. and brother of Joseph McAn'.'.e ana
Mrs. .T. Moor*, a nativo cf . y an FrancUco.
nged S» years. A member cf IdgKerB 1 and
Stevedores' I'nion Association, l^jcal ZZl.
1. L. M. and T. A.
t^fSotlr^ of funeral lier»aftj?r. Remains
*t the parlors of J. C. OTonaor & <"o.. 767
illusion rtr'-ei. be:neen TbirJ and Fourth.
li<~N"AMAHA— In this <ity, January 13, UKM,
Pfttrtck. be\o\fi huFlwnd or the late Uridc«"t
McXamara. ar.d father of James. Dell. An-
ni#. Mamie. Patrick and the late .lohn J.
nnd Roger M< Namara. Mrt». I). RU«y «ul
Md. J Miller, a r.ative uf County Clare.
DEATH NOTICES.
Continued From Pace Tliirteen.
COME EARLY!
THEY ARE HERE!
A Carload Arrived Yesterday
|T Ht 20ti) CENTURY]
1 COOKBOOK f
All persons sending to
the Cook Book Depart-
ment of this paper a sir
months' subscription ' to
The Daily and Sunday
Call may secure one. of the
Twentieth Century Cook
Books at the premium rate
'of 50c. j
All Call subscribers may
take advantage of this
offer.
IOut-of-lown subscribers should rimil \
20c addiibna! to prepaj iransportaiioa I
charges. |Chicago Grain Market.
Flour Qr sks .. 1S,83*| Screen! rgs. sks. 403
Wheat ctls .... »J5 Pelts. No. 4«
Barley' ctls «10 Tallow, ctls ... 22S
Beans, sks 1.471 Hides. No. .... 2.110
Potatoes, sks .. 2,150 Quicksilver, nks 368
Or-ions. sks ... 510 Leather, rolls... 79
Bran, sks ..... j 345 Wine, gals^ 08.55O
Hay. tons . 4S2 Sugar. ctl» 440
Straw tons..... 5 Chicory., bbls .. 20O
Hop* bales .... 105 1 Brandy, gals .. COO
Wool, balea .... 128 Paper, reams • . . 854
Feed, sks ...... 25!Lline. bbls 408
JANUARY 15.
FOR FRIDAY
Receipts of Produce.
I -. Butter rules firm at the advance already
I noted. - Stocks are light. Borne special cream
eries are bringing 3Cc. but in a. small way. and
I few houses quote over 29c. The demand- Is
[ now good. But the advance has attracted the
(attention of the East, where the markets are
very weak and overstocked, and Chicago Is
sending numerous wires to this market, asking
for bids on any quantity, and It la feared that
the current ¦ advance will lead to the importa
tion of large lines from the East.,
There Is no market for Cheese and no reason
able Offer Is refused. Stocks continue excessive
While . the : too quotation for ranch Eggs re
mains unchanged the .: medium 'and . lower
grades ar« slightly lower again. Receipts and
stocks are above the capacity of the market
and are accumulating:. " There are still some
cold storage available, and. they are selling at
the quotations below. : . ¦ . ¦ . .
Receipts were 41.300 lbs Butter, 058 cases
Eggs and 32.200 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery. • 2S€20c. for- extras
.and 25©27 '4c for seconds;; dairy. ; ise25c; store
; butter, nominal: cold storage. ... 18622c per lb
! for ordinary and 22%6'24c for . extras. •.
1 CHEESE— 116 11 lie for the general market.
Butter, Cheese and . Eggs.
NEW YORK. Jan. 15. — The ootton market
elo«ed steady, with January 2-1 points hi«h»r
and the other months at an advance of 1°S^1
points. . . . . ' W 7
New York Cotton Market.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $4 609
4 85. usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $4 50G4 «i0;
Oregon and Washington. $3 90^4 20 per bbl far
Family ami $3 W@4 40 for Bakers".
MILLSTUFFS — Prices . in packages are as
follows: Graham Flour. $3 25 per-10O lbs-
Rye Flour. $3 25; Rye MeaL $3; Rice Flour.
$7: Corn Meal. $3 25; extra cream do. $4; Oat
Groats. $4 50; Hominy. $4§4 25; Buckwheat
Flour ?4 oCfi 4 75: Cracked Wheat, $3 75; Fa
rina $4 50: Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled
Oats bbls. $7 25®8 60; In sacks. $0 75® S 10:
Pearl Barley. $8: Split Peas, boxes. $7; Green
Peas $5 BO per 1C0 lbs. t ; j. -
Flour* and Millstuffs*
Iron' closed at 49s in Glasgow and at 4°»
44d in Middlesboro. Locally, iron is more or
less nominal. No. 1 foundry. Northern $15©
16; No. 2 foundry. Northern. $12®15; 'Nt» ~
foundry. Southern, and Na 1 loundry Sou'thT
crn soft. $13 75014 23. .„ r.-.aauta
Spelter declined 2» 6<1 to £21 12s (3d in the
London market, but Iosed unchanged at (4 95
€5 0T>.
NEW YORK. Jan. 15.— Tin was easier In
London, losing 15» for thp-day. withspot and
rutures closing at £1S2 Ufe. Tin hrre de
clined in sympathy, closing at $20 2.i@°9 37>4
Copper was also a little easier in I^ndon"
declinlr.s about 2s Cs to £57 17s 6d for *pot
and £57 7s 3d for futures. Local copper was
unchanged. Lake. $12 75«13: electrolytic
$12 C24312 87%: casting. $12 6O312 75 *
Lead declined Is 3d to £11 12s ed In Lon
don., but was higher here, closing at $4 60@
New York Metal Market.
I No more Western Poultry Tame In, and as
j the receiots of dcmrstlc stock were very light
; the market ruled firm and everything In the
; chicken ltne cleaned up well at steady prices.
1 Small Broilers were. quoted higher. Stocks oi
• dressed Turkeys were too heavy for the mar
' ket to absorb and prices had a further Ue
! dine. Eighty-three cases came in and ther«
¦ wa* quite a quantity carried over from the
i preceding day. Despite • the low prices there
j was quite a quantity still unsold at the close.
1 There were no changes In Game. Receipts
¦ were liberal and the demand was very light.
POULTRY — Dressed Turkeys. 17ig20c per lb;
live Turkeys. 17019c per lb: Geese, per pair.
; $2@2 25; Goslings. - $2@2 25: Ducks. $5@6
1 per dozen for old and tn<g~ for young; Hens.
! *6®7 for large and $5®e"for small; young
* Roosters. $6(f7; old Roosters. $*g6: Fryers
$5® 6; Broilers. $4 60®5 for large and $i@4 50
for small: Pigeons. $ IS I 25 per dozen for old
and $2 'l~,<h1 M for Squabs.
¦GAME — Mallard Ducks. *2 50&3 per dozen;
Canvasback. $36*: Sprig. $1 00§2; Tea!
$1 25: Widgeon. $1 25: small Ducks. 75?{Z$1;
Gray Geeie, $3: .White Geese. 75c#$l 25-
Brtint. $1 25 for small and $2 for large; Honk
j ers, $5 for large and $4 for small: Engluh
i Snipe $3: common Snipe. $1 50; Wild Doves.
$1 25; Rabbits. $2 for Cottontails and $1 25 for
I Brush; Hare. $1 25«1 50.
Pcullrx and Game.
¦ SUGAR — The Western Sujrar Refining Com
pany quotes us follows, per lb. In 100-lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.6.*::
Powdered. 5.50c; Candy Granulated. 5.50c: Dry
Granulated, fine, 5.40c: Dry Granulated, coarse,
5.40c; Fruit Granulated. 5.40c; Beet Granu
lated HOO-lb bass only). 5.20c: Confectioners'
A. 5.40c: Magnolia A. 5c; Extra C. 4.90c:
Golden C. 4.SOc: "D." 4.70c: barrels. 10c more;
half barrels 25c more: boxes. 1 SOc more; SO-ib
bars. 10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half
barrets. 5.00c: boxes. 6.13c; H. & E. Crystal
Domlnos. 8.40c c*r lb. No orders taken for
leas than seventy-five barrels or its equivalent.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. «4©
7c per lb: Wljitr Lead. ttVsG'c. according to
Quantity.
COAL OIL — Water White Coal Oil
In bulk. 15c; Pearl Oil In cases. 214c; Aatral.
21>%c: Star. 21 He: Extra. Star. 254c: Elaine.
274C; Eocene. 244c; deoicriied Stove Gasoline,
in bulk. 17c: in cas*s. 2:i4c; Benzine. In bulk.
13c: in cages. 10 4c: 88-degree Gasoline. In
bulk. 25c; in cases. 31c.
TURPENTINE — 86c per gallon In cases and
SOc In drums and Iron barrets. /
COAL — Wellington. $.S ;<er ton: New Wel
lington. fS: Seattle. $6 50: Bryant, ft 50; Bea
ver Hill. $5 50; Standard. $7: Roslyn. JT;
! Cocs Bay. *5 50; Greta. »7; Wallsend. $7; Rlch
! mond. f~ 50; Cumberland. $13 In bulk and
$14 25 in sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite/Egg.
$14; Welsh Anthracite Egg. *1.1; Welsh Lump,
¦ $11 50; Cannel. «S &0 per ton; Coke. $11 509
; 13 per ten in bulk and $15 In sacks; Rocky
Mountain descriptions. $11 45 per 2000 lbs and
$12 86 per long ton. according to brand.
OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for cases.
add Do. Linseed. 45c per gallon for boiled and
43c fcr raw: Ca«tor Oil. In cases. No. 1. 70c!
' Bakers* AA, $1 10<81 12: Lucol. 44c for boiled
and 42c for raw; China Nut. «0®70c per gallon;
! Cocoanut Oil. in barrels. SSc for Ceylon and 55c*
? for Australian; extra bleached winter Sperm
Oil. SOc: natural winter Sperm Oil. 75c; extra
bleached winier Whale Oil. C5c; natural Wh»!«
Oil. 60c; extra winter strained Lard Oil. 65c;
No. 1 Lard Oil. 75c: pure Neatsfoot Oil. 75c;
No. 1 Neatsfcot Oil. 65c; light Herring OIL 45c;
t dark Herrlns Oil. 43c;. Salmon Oil. 28c: boiled
Fi«h Oil. 4Uc: raw Fish Oil. 3Sc: boiled Paint
Oil. .15c: raw Paint Oil. 33c.
BAGS — Grain Bags. 5@5ttc: San Quentln.
5.55c; Wool Bags. :;2«o0o; Fleece Twine. 749
Sc. .
General Merchandise.
Weather Report.
• 12-th Mcriiian—Pacific Tioje.>
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 15—5 p. m.
• The fc!lctri:is are the F^asoa2l rainfalls to
«!atf-. a* compared with those of same date !a*t
* •fcksrr.. and rainfall :n latt t»cnty-four hours:
Last Tliia Last
Static-cs— • 24 hours, season, season.
Eureka <>.<'l 1S».74 22.15
P.e*5 Blii*T <>.<«• 12.81 13.51
facraiper.to O.OB 4.St «i.71
• fan Fraaclsco 0.00 6.22 C.15
Fresno 0.00 <t.&2 ' 3.21
," Independence 0.00 0.42 O.K3
Fen Luis Obispo 0.00 0>2 5.rt»
Los Ar.gel«s t<.r*> 0.4X 4.97
lEtn Di^co O.00 - 0.40 e.03
m THE. COAST RECORD.
STATIONS. Z \\ 2= £5 f"* £
Bzk'r 30.00 BS 24 PE Cloudy .01
Carson 30.«- *>4 14 E O»ar .00
•'Eureka 23.80 &S -'-O S Cloudy .01
' KaralloTi '
• T-resno 30.12 5S 3 S a«tr .VO \
T'l»C^rafT :$".12 54 1«S E Clear .00]
Pooa:.-Uo ."i>.14 4»> *l E Ooady Tr. |
Ind«rr"?n<Ier..-»- .90.OS 5« 2S SE Clear. .<*> I
Los Ar.gf!??...:»>.<••; «'45 4« W Clear .CO
M? Tan-.alp*:s.:>i.OX Z*i 4« W Pt.Ody .09
North Head 42
Phoenix 3U.^ 72 42 S Clear .00
Potm Rpy<* 4S
JVrtlanJ 29.€4 4X 4O NW Cloady .14 1
Jted Bicff 39.08 4« 34 S Cloudy .CO
Kc-»el>urF 29.74 <X> 4«> tW Cloady .06
Sacramento ..:?'.10 42 :>> S Cloudy .<*>
Salt liaise :»22 38 20 SW Pt.Cldy .00
>ah Pn&dflBOJM.U 4>> 42 SW Cloody .0>j
San L. OUspo&LM t:'i 4K S Oear -CO
t*an Diego .Tf».«S ic 52 fW Clear .00
s^ejule 20.m 42 :w E Rain .011
BtWtean 2».S>2 5»J 32 FE Cloudy .04,
7»:ftr.<h ..20.44 44 4^» E Rain .7fi \
Walla..::•.«: .">'.) »« W Oo*iy .ti2|
vrtnaeaaoca -•"¦". '-i M 2t; t=E Cloudy .(t>
Yurna 33.G2 74 42 N Clear .W
' * I
# WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL j
FORECAST.
1 'A CiFtarbance cf gr<?at depth an«l larpp <=x
tert i» mclm In rapi«51y on tbe Washington
and Ortron ooaptf. Durinr the ;>a5t twelve
hours the ircs^ure hes fallen rapidly over the
entire oeaft north Vrf Point Oancejtton. At
I' rilanfi ;hf=rf ha* b"=n a fail of six tenths of
an inch. The b»rcm*ter at Tatoosh Island
r<.a£* 2a.44 incbe«.
* '** Pft storm warr.inps are displayed from
<- - • Frar.ci5t.-o northward, and advisory ir.ts
•sac-es ha\* been sent to southern porte.
Fcret-'ast mede at S&n Francisco for thirty
hours ending rni<lnijrht. January lt$:
Northern California—Rain Saturday; brisk
to fcirh »outheast *in<J».
Southern California — InrreaFing cloudiness
gatur'iay and corsdiUens t>ecctninic favorable
Jrr rain by Sunday; light earterly wincis,
chanetn? to •ootberljr.
Nex-ada—Cloudy Saturday.
San Frsncifpo and vicir.ity—Rain Saturday;
brisk to hith southerly wlrnls.
A. G. Me AD IE. District Forecaster..
j
I
!
'
.
|
|
j
|
i
,. i
*| STOCK MARKET. f
« ; »
There .was les» animation on th«? local ex
ct*- -•- - yesterday and there wer? no fluetua
tlrr.j- of importance. On tb» B<3nd Exchange
there was a hale of Bank of California at
JK42 "h». and among the unlisted f-orurities
4;;-"> United liailma-is? 4s poI4 at $77 7"».
Fluctuations in rrininjj stocks were narrower
mni the market wa* devoid of eieitement. The
oil stock* continued neglected.
Ex-<lii"idend yesterday: Four Oil Company.
r«"rular monthly, lc per shar*. amounting to
S3O0O. Th* I'tah Consolidated Copper Mining
Company of Utah rai'i a dividend of »1 5»t per
share yesterday. The Daly Wps* Mining Com
pany of l.'tah paid a dividend of t£ cents per
ehar? yesterday.
Port Co«>ta Water Cotrpar.y. regular month
ly. 30c p«r share, am-junting to $1500. United
Gas and Electric, rpgnlar monthly. 15c per
ehar*. an-.ounting to $3542 &u. Bank of «*ali
fcrnia. regniar quarter!}-. *4 per share,
amoartirjf to ?120.<kio. California Safe Deposit
ard Trust Conjijsny, i-rsrular montblr. $1 5<>
per *h*r*. amounting to $l*>.OfX>. Presidio
Street Railroad Cbtnpariy. regular monthly. 2<>c
per share, air.ouctine: to $:S>i*j. Th» General
Elecrrio Ccmrary, a quarttrly dividend of $2.
The Nevada National Dank, a semi-annual dlv
id>ml at the rat* of 7 p<*r cm per annum.
Th»> Ptioertx Savings. Building and Loan As
sociation, a BenTi-anr.ual «ltvi<l?nd of J) p*r cent
pf r annum on the general capital Ftock. 6 per
cent en term wrtificatts and 44 per cent on
saving* <Jp3OE!ts.'
The err^a t-srnincs of the Sierra Railway
Company for the month cf December ucoanf^i
tc $30.SWJ S«.
- Tfee To-.iopah Monarch Mining Company cf
Esmeraida Cour.tr. Nevada, has levied an as
¦cssment cf 1 per cent iser share, delinquent
February 15.
At the annual meeting of the stockholders of
the San Franrifco I^rydock Company tho fot
•lo»-lng doctors and officers were re-elected: j
Williain Babcock, president; J. C. Coleraan,
vice president: J. H. Bruce, H. H. Taylor and
A. Dcrsl. J. W. Curry was re-elected secre
tary.
At th* annual nvctinp of the stcckhol Jen> of
the Itsitaa-Arnerican Oaak the- eld directors I
end officers wers re-elected, with A. Hbarboro
a* president. Henry J. Crocker vice pitelirr.t
and A. E. Sbarhoro cashier. The l..-.:.lt paid 5
per cent tc stockhclders and 3.60 per cent on
all deposits tfcring th» pa^t rear. The surplus
for the year ««s $22,244 C7. and the total sur
plus is row JC2.713 CO.
At the aancal m«rtlr.g of th« ehareholder* of
the Gennirua National Bar.k thf following di
rectors were cie=t«(S: W. A. Frederick. F.
Kror.er.bers, Jcim linpp. Fred Woerner. Walter
M. WJftctt, I'pr.ry Brunner. Herman L. E
»Ieyer. F. C Siet,^. Jorerb Schweitzer. Philirp
Z:minern-.»=. O. A. Kale. Adolph Meyer. Jo
t-ei>h Butrcer-boch. E. Leuenberger. F. A.
Kfchls. The beard cf directors organized by
«Jeetlsr W. a. Frrdcrick. president; F. Kro
r.er.b*ne. vice preaidest: Fred Kron«iberg Jr.,
caihier; R. F. Cr:n. astUtant cashier.
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK. Jaa. 15.—Call Joans, 2^2^ per
NEW YGHK STOCK LIST.
Stock*— Open. High. Low. Close.
Atchieon O.500 »rp,i 6T,i,i ee»i
>tcr.l»on pfd 400 K» SS% SJ,
Baltimore A Ohio.. 2 1O0 70% 79 79>i
Bait * Ohio pfd... 100 S0^ jm>i4 qq
CanaCian Pacific... 7«?0 1174. 117 117
Cen cf New Jersey. I.lOO 16O' l«j0 15914
Chc?apcake & Ohio. 1.300 534 331; 331?
Oiicaso &. Alton... 1.700 33*4 33 - 33U
Chi & Alton pfd... 2.400 R4U «U 824
"Si! 9.**^ U'*»tern. 3,4<)0 1714 I6»i ¦ 16U
Chi G W B pfd... »oo 2»i2 »$5i ij
Chicago* N-W.... 200 166* 1C5H lC3»i
Chi Term ScTnnt. 1.100 12«1 i« - ¦«
Chicago T * T rfd. ..„ 25«
C. C, C & St Louis. 1,100 26U 2<$7 07
rolorado Southern '* J-s/
C0I1 Scuth 1st pfd. 200 SC M** C84
Colo Sotith 2i pfd.. 200 2« 25%- CZ%
Delaware & Hud»oa ..... " 10414
DeU Lack * West. .... ~ilil
Xtenrtr & Rio G .... ..".'. ~2q£
PEACHES— Are quiet but steady. Choice
are quoted at 7V,(g754c; extra choice T*LQ
8Hc; fancy. »!4C10%t '***
APRICOTS— Are In rather better demand.
Choice, - UUCO&c; extra choice. SVVtfio'ic
fancy, ligil'c. ; '* '
PRUNES— Are rather dull, but are not
pressed for sa!e and consequently srtctB are
steady at from 34c to C4c, according to
grade. " .
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market is
generally quiet. Common. HJ5c; prim» 5«ic
choice, 5'4<a6c; fancy, 6UfWc:
DRIED FRUITS.
SUGAR— Raw. nominal: fair refining. 2%c;
centrifugal, i*? test. .'JHc; molasses sugar
2%c. Refined was dull.
COFFEE — Spot Rto. steady. No. 7 invoice.
7%e; mild, steady: Cordova. $4t?13Hc. Fu
tures closed steady, net unchanged to 5 points
lower. Sales. S1.50O bags, including: Janu
ary, 7.03(&7.1Oc: March. 7.30©7.35c; May. 7.«T>
C7.70c: June. 7.80c; July. 7.«JOi77.!)"-c; Septem
ber. S.10<ffs.20e: October. 8.15'BS.20c; Decem
ber, S.35c.
PETROLEUM— Steady
;. - \ ¦ Open. High. Low. Close
May $1 05U $1 OSVa *l C5K $1 05s,-
OATS— White have tic velor«:<r more strength
lately. » supplies having dwindled to almo't
nothing. The otber descriptions remain about
aj before.
White. $1 20<©l 35; Black. $1 45®1 05- Red
$1 20fcl SMS for iced and $1 25Q1 35 for seea'-
Gray. $1 ¦¦ilVi. ¦ ¦ . ¦ • *
CORN— There is no further change to re
port In itils , market. . The movement is very
good in the • EoutJftrn part of the State, owing
to the extensive feeding to stock, but the local
market 13 quiet. <-
Western sacked, $1 23-}4©l 25 for Yellow
$1 224®1 25 for White and $1 18?4@l 20 for
Mixed; California large Yellow.. $1 ,t_'V4; small
round do. $1 40f 1 50; White. ?I'35per ctl;
Egyptian. $1 45® 1 55 for white, and $1 25 for
brown. ¦ : • ¦ • ' ¦ - ;
RYE— $1 25® 1 30 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $1 75©1'. per ctl.
2 p. m. Session.
Open. Hlffh. . Low. Close
May ........ $1 «« *r0CK_'»l 05H $1 mv,
Session 0 to 11:30 a; m.
FUTURES.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed. $1 07451 12Vi: Shipping and Brew
ing. $1 15^1 20; Chevalier. $1 20§l 45 for fair
to choice.
Open. High, •: Low. Close.
May $1.38 $1 3S $1 37% $1 37*4
BARLEY — Predictions of rain weakened
both futures and cash grain, as will be peen.
The market, however, was quiet. There were
more sellers than buyers and the latter held
off.
Session 0 to 11 :30 ,a. m.
Open. HlKh. Low. Close.
May $1 3S $1 3SW $1 37% $1 3S
2 p.m. Session.
FUTURES.
California Club. $1 3S«;iei 424; California
Whlto Australian. $1 4o©l 50; Northern Club.
$1 itS?*® 1 41>i: Northern Bluestem, $1 47U
01 £0; Oregon Valley. $1 40. - j
CASH WHEAT.
WHEAT — All foreign markets continued
featureless. Argentine cables reported bad
weather, with locusts in parts of the Santa
Fe province. The strike at Buenos Ayres is
considered practically settled. War news waa
more threatening again.
Bradstreet's gives the exports for the week.
Flour included, at 2,771. COO 'bushels, against
4,S<X',C0O during 1 " the same week la,st year.
The Chicago market was somewhat firmer
on th« more warlike aspect of the Eastern
situation. This market remained "about the
6a me. though futures were lower on predicted
rain, and cash grain was moving off more
freely.
Wheat and Other Grains.
The following quotations are for good, sound
-Livestock, delivered in San Francisco, les* 50
per cent ahrinkaze for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers. S£9c: Cows and Heifers.
7@Sc; thin Cows. 4@5c per Ib.
CALVES — ltMV.c per lb tgross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 3*484c: Ewes. 314034c
per lb (gross weight).
LAMBS— 44€3c per lb.
- HOGS— Live Hogs. 140 to ISO lbs. 5Hg54c:
over 1*0 lb*. 5c; soft Hogs. 4Uc; sows. 20 per
cent off: Boars. CO per cent off. and Stags. 40
per cent oft from above quotations.
MUTTON— Wethers, 8«S4c; Ewes. 7©84c
per lh.
LAMB— 94@10c per lb.
PORK — Dressed Hogs. 7{*84c per Ib.
LIVESTOCK MARKET. \ .
VEAL— Large. S-39c; small, »©10c per lb.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— 6U©74c for Steers and etJG&e p« r
lb for Ccws.
Meat Market.
: All kinds of table Potatoes were firm with
the market active, and freshly arrived lots
of river and Salinas Burbanks were quickly
; disposed of at good prices. The best grades
i of river Burbanks were in good request owing
J to the scarcity Of superior' quality offerings
i from other sections, and such offerings were
readily marketed at an advance. There was
J no new business to report in Oregon Burbanks
A cteamer. arrived In the aiternoon with about
4000 sacks, which had not been insnected up
to a late hour. There were no fresh Sweets
received, but carrled-ovcr stock was plentiful
\ Re-sacked stock wa3 held at a slight advance"
1 Prices of Onion* were well maintained, ai
! though supplies were more plentiful.
• String and Wax Beans and Eg- Plant wer*
; in limited supply and steady, while all other
¦ vegetables from the south were easier under
liberal receipts and a slack demand. Toma
. toes were the weakest description and carried
ovcr stock In crates went begging at the mini
mum quotation. Asparagus appeared ' from
Alameda Island and sold at 50c per pound.
Only a very small "quantity came in.
POTATOES — Burbanks from the river. 700
I 90c per ctl; Salinas Burbanks. $1 25£1 50 per
. ctl; Oregon Burbanks. O0c'«$l 15 per ctl; River
Reds. 50«t)fic per ctl: Garnet Chiles. OOcgil
1 per ctl; Early Rose. »0c©$l per ctl: Sweet Po
tatoes. $1 75S1 $5 rer ctl.
ONIONS — $1 .¦»©! 50 per ctl; Green Onions.
50(ge0c per box.
VEGETABLES — Green Peas. 3i25c oer lb;
String Beans. 8515c per Ib: Wax. Sgl24e:
t Tomatoes from Lea Angeles. *0c6$l per box
j or crate: Rhubarb. o@Vc per Ib; Summer
Squa*h .fr*>m Los Angeles 75c<?$l per box;
Cabbage. 50c per ctl; Carrots. 50c per sack;
• Hothouse Cucumbers. 75c(B$l 50 per dozen;
! Garlic. 6<©7c per lb:. E*g Plant. 12«4©15e
per it>. Dried Peppers ."-S.se per lb for Stock
! ton and mg^Hc for southern; Dried Okra.
Vz\ic per- lb: Green Peppers. CfiSc per lb;
Mushroom*. 20©25c per lb; Marrowfat . and
! Hubbard Squash, $10315 per, ton for round
I lots and %©%c per lb for sacked.
I •¦;. ~
j Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
The Coptic took oi't a treasure list of $349,
347. consisting of $2017 in Mexican dollars and
5430 In gold coin for Hongkong and $330 0C0 In
Mexican Dollars and fltf.CCO In silver bullion
for Hicgo.
All local quotations remained unchanged. '
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... '$| 83}J
Sterling Exchange, .sight — 4 S6V*
Sterling* Exchange.- cables — 4 87V
New. York Exchange. . «lght »... — 124
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 174
Silver, per ounce — '59-
Mexlc&n Dollars, nominal....... 45 fp 46
Exchange and Bullion
LOCAL MARKETS.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Jan. 15.— WHEAT— Bluestem, 79c;
Club, 75c. v >»,.,>•.:
OREGON. 1
PORTLAND. Ja". 15— WHEAT— Walla Wai
la. 73074c; Bluestem. 79^SCc; Valley, 7SiffSCc.
Northern Wheat Market.
BEANS — Bayos. $2 35f?2 45: Pea." $1 23^But
ters. 93; small White. $2 0563 C5: -large Whlt»,
$2 55@2 «5: Pink. $2 7tt@2 SO; Red $4 25@4 50;
Lima. S3 15S3 20; Red Kidneys. $4 25; Black
eye *fi?2 15 per ctl; Horse Beans $2£?2 50
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $:t- Yellow Mus
tard. $2 65©2 SO; Flax. $1 S0@l 90; Canary.
5tf?5H-: for Eastern; Alfalfa. ll@ltc; Rape.
l^tjUc: Timothy eige'ic: Hemp :!H<S3'Ac' per
lb; Millet. 3©3^c; Broom Corn Seed. fSOttSI
per- ton.
DRIED PEAS— Nominal
; •>--;¦
The Bean market, which has been improv
[ Ing of late, is now In good shape and seme
: descriptions are slightly hisher. Dry weather
and a better demand have' advanced l.Imas and
small Whites, while a good local grorers* de
mand has caused a slight advance in several
. other sorts. : There is no export demand, how
ever, as this market continues '-above the Mid
dle 1 West.
Beans and Seeds.
$14018 30: Oat. $14816: Wild Oat. $13filj:
Barley. $12f»14 50; Stock nominal— none here"
AlfalJa. $12@13 60 per ton.
STRAW— 5CS75c per bale.
Aside from the firmness In Hops there is
nothing new.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about 4© 1c under quotations. Heavy Salted
S:«ers. 9c; medium. Sc; light. 7Vjc; Cow Hides.
74c for heavy and 74c for light: Stags. 5c:
"Sa!t-d Kip. Uc: Salted Veal. 10c: Salted Calf.
WV.c; dry Hides. ISSJICc: dry Kip. We; dry
CaVf. ISc: Sheepskins, shearlings. 25«30aeach:
shfvt Wool. 40g65c »ach: medium. 70<S90c; long
Wool $1©I 50; Horse Hides, gait. $2 75 for
large and 5262 50 for medium.- $1 2501 75 for
small and COo for Colt?. Horse Hides, dry.
$1 75 for Iaree and $1 50 for medium. $191 25
for small. and 50c for Colts. Buck Skins — Dry
Mexican. 31c: dry salted ilexican. 25c; dry
Central American. 31c. Goat Skins — Prime An
goras. 7r»c; large and smooth. 50c; medium. 35c;
small. 20c.
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered. 4c per Ib: No.
2. 3'-c: crease. 24S3c.
WOOL — Fall clip— San Joaquin Lambs'. 945
lie: Middle County. 11612c: Northern Free.
114?12r; Northern Defective. 10«fllc: Humboldt
ar.d MentJocino. 12ftl4c: Nevada. 13{?15c; Ore
gon fine, lsa'.Oc; Oregon medium. 17c per Ib.
HOPS— 23€274c per Ib for California.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
SEATTLE. Jan. 15. — Clearings. $688,068;
balances $183,350
TACOMA .T«n". 15.— Clearings. $3«0,16S;
balances. $.14,403.
PORTLAND Jan. 15. — Clearings, $522,064;
balances. $79,329.
SPOKANE. Jan. 15.— Clearings, $344,791;
balances. $47,675. . .. . .;
Northern Business.
ST. LOUIS, Jan. 15. — WOOL — Nominal. Me
dium grades, combing and clothing. 17«j2lc;
light. fine. i5S174c; heavy»flne, 12@144c; tub
washed. 20ig31c. •
St. Louis Wool Market.
i»en & kio g pra :.. .... ws«i
Erie 17.400 2S 274 27%
Erie l*t pfd 3.C00 «S74 6«*^« 67'*
Erie 2d pfd 2.500 47H 47 47»i
Great Northern pfd 170
Hocking Valley 734
Hocking Val pfd S3
Illinois Central 700 WH4 130% 131
Iowa Central 100 224 224 22
Iowa Central pfd... 300 41% 40*4 ?O 1 *
K C Southern 1.400 204 19% 19^4
K C Scuth«rn pM.. 2.t>0O 374 37 3ti»t,
Louis & Na^h «,4UO 107\ 107 J i 1O7V4
Manhattan L 500 142^ 142 142^4
Metropolitan St Ry 1204
Minn & St Louis.. 100 «54 654 **
Missouri Pacific 3.500 024 91 »4 91=*
Mo. Kac & Texas.. 30O 174 17^ 17
M. K & T pfd 1.5O0 40 :»4 3U4
Nt! R R Mpx pfd.. 2«JO ."» 39 3si^
Sew York Central. 5«tO 12O 1194 1194
Norfolk & Western. 500 57% 57 57>fc
Nor & West pfd 85
Northern S«-curities 89"4
Ontario & Western. 600 21% 21% 21 "A
Pennsylvania 22,500 119^ 119' t 11!)»J
P. C. C & St Louis .... 63
Roaming 4,400 45 44U 444
Readinfr 1st pfd... 200 7*4 7SVi '•f'^s
Rea<!insr 2d pf<J .' 53
P.r.ck K-Und Co S3.WO SI 1 * 21 H ~*4
P.ock Inland Co rfd 500 59»i 59 5H*-.
StL ft S F 1st pfd 60"
StL & S F 2d pfd.. 400 '414 4*>74 . 41
St Louis & S W... s 200 14 14 14
Bt L ft S W pfd.... ftOO 344 34 34i^
St Paul 7.5<»O 143^ 14*>4 H2"-h
St Paul pfd .... 1T6 t4
Southern Pacific 5.»i0rt 4» 4KU 4*Si
Southern Tiailwav.. J SCO ~O*W "OU "flit
Southern Rypfd.. ..:.. ._ . ~%C.
Tcxa? & Pacific 1.4'>0 25% *>5Ni 25U
T. St L & W ?.<*) -2*^ 26V* 2Tii.
T. StLi W pfd.. 4O> :&% s«S 3S^i
I'nicn Pacific...... g,ft«V> ,7S"t 7S 7.S%
Cnioa Pacific pfd.. arm 00 j»o k>
V."abash 1,«TO 20T5 SOU *ft'i
wn^ns p i d LE:: 5 : 100 Wfc 5?i *
Wisconsin Central.. 4,«0O 2814 iail u,v
Wi, On P M 1.200 444 44^ «%
Exprws Companies— s
Adam? , .... ; n*Q
Annerican .... '.'.". T5o
I'nited States .. . . ""** •••• •
Wells Fargo ...I ."ii o^
Mi5c?Ilaneou5 —
Amr.1 Copper 22.550 504 49 ; «4 49 t;
Amer Car & Found !C0 1S% lS^i lSaJ
Am?r Car ft F pfd. ..... .... C7't
Amor Linked Oil ' r,r*
Amer Lin Oil pfd... ...'. 255
Amcr Locomotive . Z*X) 17»4 \i'v^ l" l i
Amfr Loco pfd 100 7«4 7«U 7«:i
Amfr Smelt & Ref. 50O 4M4 45 4714
Ara Srrolt & R pfd. 400 90% Sou $9%
Afr.er Sugar Ref... 4.«'0'> 125 ••. 124 124 Vi
Ar.aronda Min Co.. 20i» 75 * 74a; 75 '"
Brcsklyn R Transit 1S.40O 43% 47s, 48V4
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 100 29 °9 "<5Xi
Colum & H Cca!.. 500 144 1* 13*1
Consolidated Gas... 000 192 131a; laii*
General Electric 17l"
InterntI Paper ' " iou
Intprntl Paper pfd 64
Interntl Purnp ; 32
Interntl Purr.p pfd 72
National Biecuit 371/.
National Lead 2,900 ltJ 15 15a.
Nrrth American ga
Pacific Mall 5,700 3Oti 2S14 29"i
People's Gas 700 97% 67 970&*
Preset Ste<?l <>r.. 100 274 274 27
Pre*sed S Car pM. 100 69* 4 C9?i 6S
Pullman Pal Car .. 214
Republic Pt^el 1C0 fi% 6% " 6^i
Republic Steel vfi. 150 41% 41% 41U
Rubber Ooo<J# ICO 1H IS 173i
Rubber Gor.ds pfd. 10O 74% 74*; 7;iu
Tenn Cial & Iron.. 1.000 374 36% ¦ 3e»i
U S L-ather 7. .... TU
t; S Leather pfd . . 100 7<5* 4 76»i 7*ji;
U S Rubber* 100 11% U% 114
t: S Rubber pfd... JUtt 42% 42% 4.1
I* S Pt*el 3.350 10*4 104 inu
I* S Steel pfd 30.500 W^J 574 57*i
Western Union ... 100 87% S7% 87'
Total tales 291.400 shares.
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK. Jan. 15— Bond transactions of
Unit«-d Railroads of S?a Francises: 20.OU0 at
S77 25. lo.OOO at $77 374.
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY.
Crmmon — Bid. $3 75; askei. $3 S74. Pre
ferred—Bid. $.TJ374; asked, $34.
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S rtf 2*. reg.lOSVi jL & N unified 4s. 994
D<>' coupon 105 U Man con gold 4s. 102%
Do 3?. res 10<5 Hex C»nt 4s 71
Do coupon ldG% Do 1st lnc 15%
Do n*w 4«. rCS.133H M*nn & St L 07'
Do coupon.' I.t5 l ijll. K & Tex 4?.. y~
Do old 4s. res.1074) Do 2ds 7O',4
Do coupon !074jN"R of Mex i:on4s ",'
Do 5s. r»g 101 «4 |N" Y C gen 34s.. 07=4
Do coupon 101HJN J C gen 5s. ..12!)-%
Atch girn 4s 99>4 Nor Pac 4* lOiii
Do a<JJ 4s SS Do 33 71
Atlantic C Loe 4a. 91 Vor & W con 4». SiJ^i
Ba! & Ohio 4»--.M0% ' • H \. 4s & partic ».{
Do 3 4s 94 (Pa. conv 3^f.s 05%
Central "of Ga 5s.lO44;R*adinitr ren" 4a.. 051;
Do 1st iuc 69 U3 L & I II con Ss.lin,
Ch»>5 & Ohio «tt*wMS%jS L & S F fg 4s. S-iij
<1i & Alton ."J'ts. 78J4?8t Ix>u!s S W lsts «24
C 3 & Q r.»w 4s. 01»i Seaboard A Lne 4s «7U
CM & StP gn 4i.10S%iSo Pacific 4s &i%
C & S \Y <-on "fc.l-114'So Hallway 5s...U2 -
C R I &- Pac 4.«. OUT** i Pac I*ts..ll5%
Do col 5n 78 jT. St L & W 4s. 70
C.C.C & SL gn4s. !>5% Union Pac 4»; 101%
Chi Term 4s. 61 Do conv 4s fW>»;
Ccns Tobacco 4s. 58 U S Steel 2d 5s.. 71%
Cnlo i So 4« R74 V.'abash lsts 115 '
D^n t Kio C Is. 97* 4 Do deb n 454
Erie prior Hen 4s. 07 W & L, Erie 4».. Rftii
Do gen 4s S4V4 Wis Cent 4* S9
F W * D C lftg.iatlj'c F & I ccnv 5s. 73
Kockinjr Vai 4>is.l05 I
NEW YORX MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con ...... 10 [Little Chief 06
Alice lSjOatarlo 6 00
Breece 10 lOphir 4 ?o
Bruns Con CStPhoenix O4
Com Tunnel ..'. . 074 Potoei 27
Con Cal & Va... 1 O5 Ravage 51
Horn Silver 1 05 Sierra Nev 75
Iron Silver .\... 1 B5 Small Hopes 20
Lradvillfl Con 02 Standard 150
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — 'Westing Com.... SO
Call Joans 4©5j Mining —
Time loans 5g« Adventure 2m
Bends— - Allouez 4^£
Atchison 4* 93 . Anal Ceyp'^r 49"4
M«?x Cent 4s 70 ftJaly West ?,i '
Railroads — BInghani ,...224
AtchlEon C6% Calumet & Hecla.445
Do pfd S$4 Centennial 16U
Boston & Albany. 24.* Copper Range 45'
Boston & Maine. 187 Dominion Coal... 66
Boston Elev 140 Franklin $\i
N Y. N H & H..195 Isle Royale 714
Fitchburg pfd 135 Mohawk 5«4
Union Padflc 7SU Old Dominion 9
Mex Central..' 11%. Otceola 59K
Miscellanecas — Parrot > 22
Amer Bugar... ...124% Quincy * 05
Do pfd 12* Santa Fe Copper. 1«
Amer Tel & Tel.. 120% iTamarack .„... 107
Dom Iron & S 8% .Trinity 5
Gen Electric 171 }l"nlted States 19»i
Mats Elect 22 Utah 34«i
Do pfd 76%iYlctorU .It?
'•-• * Fruit ftS jWlnona 7
U S Steel lOHjWqJverine 70
Do pfd 67% I
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Ions for money .87 13-161 N Y Central 123%
Do for acct.87 15-16JNor & West 78'
tnaconda '.. 3% I Do pfd 9O
/Uchlson «S*« Ont & West..... 1£2
Do P« 814 Pennsylvania .... 31%
Bal &-Ohio S7% Rand Mines 0%
Can Pacific 120% Reading .... 23
& Ohio 34H Do 1st pfd 401,
rhi Great Weat.. 17 Do 2d pfd 30
rht. Mil & St P. 142% So Railway...... 2H4
De Been 204 Do pfd ....S14
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. Sftc: three
ha!f barrels. »%e; one tierce, S&c; two tierces.
8!ic: five tierces, S*»c per Ib. •
LARD — Tierces quoted at 7c per Ib for
compound and tic for pure: half-barrels, pare.
UViC; 10-Ib tins, 9%c; 5-lb tins. 9?4c; 3-lb tins.
10c.
CURED MEATS — Bacon.' HHe per Ib for
heavy. 12c for light medium. 14c for light.
14V^c for extra light. 17c for sugar-cured and
lS'ic for extra sugar-cured: Eastern sugar
cured Hams, 13%c: California Hams. 124©
13c: Mess Beef. $11 50 per bbl; extra Mesa.
S12$12 50; Family. $13: prime Mess Pork.
$16: extra clear. $24; Mess. $1S: Dry Salted
Perk. 11>ac; PI* Pork. $28; Pigs' Feet. $5 25;
Smoked Bee£. 13c o«r Ib.
Chicago was somewhat higher again. The
load there is accumulating, the packers are
free sellers and the goods are In the hands
of. scattered holders. . Receipts of Hogs are
large and expected to continue so.
Compound Lard in tierces Is lower. There
Is no further change In Hams or Bacon. Trade
continues quiet. 1
Provisions.
SHEEP— Receipts. 2000- Sheep, slow; lamb?,
steady. Good to choice wethers, $4 25@4 50;
fair to choice mixed. $3@4: Western sheep,
$3 73«j4 40; native Iambs, $4 5066 15; native
lambs. H 25<g6 15.
HOGS— Receipts: To-day. 30.000; to-morrow.
20.0WT. Closed firm. Mixed and butchers, it 75
65; good to- choice heavy, S4 D505 05; rough
heavy, $4 70<C4 95; light, $1 50<gt SO; bulk of
sales. $4 70??4 95.
CHICAGO. Jan. 13.— CATTLE — Receipts.
2100. Steady. Good to prime steers. *5 10®
5 75: poor to medium. $3 50«S4 75; fttockers and
feeders. S2ff4 15; cows. $1 5004: heifers. $2®
4 50; dinners. $L 50@2 40; bulls, $1 75@4;
calves. $3«6 25.
CHICAGO.
Eastern Livestock Market.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. — — O T Co 6s..U6Vl —
Bay CPC 5s.lOl»4102H Do 5s 109 — •
Cal C Q 5s. — 107 Do con 5s.lOO 105
Cal C & E g Oceanic S 5s. — 75
m A ct 5s. — 104 Otn Cable 6«.12O 12*
Cal-st 5» 114 — Par G Im 4s. — 9*
C C Wat 5a. — 100 P E Ry 5s..l04 T il05
EdL*P69.120 — P & C H es.1034 —
F ft C II 69. — 117 P & O R Ca.117 —
Geary-st 5s.. 45'i 90 Powell-st Us. 113*4 —
H C*S 6V.9.1O4 — SF & SJVSs. — list;
H C & S 5s. — ICO SE GAR 5#. — lOOL,
Hon R T 6S.106 — 3 R of C «3.112H —
L A Elec 5». — — S P of A 63
L A Ry' 53.1 13 Vi — <1900> 105 lCSVi
L A L Co 6». — — (1910) lOSAi — .
Do gtd 6s. — — S " of C &
Do gtd 5s. — 104ti U90C)Sr A.1C3H —
LAP lem 5S.101H105 <19f>5)Sr B.104U —
Mkt-st C 6s.ll5^116H fl9C«> lC5>ilO«
Do lcm 5s.ll3N»Il«H «1912> 115% — .
NRR of C6B.1O5U1C5H SPC 1 eg 3s. — —
Do 5s 116H — I>> stmpd.108 —
N P C R 5s. — 106 S P B P. 6B.1.XI —
N C R 5e.. — 112 S V W «s..io»;^ —
N C P C 5s. — 100 Do 4s 2dan. 99 100
N S R R 5«. — 100H Do 4s 3dm. 98«i —
O G L H 5s.lO7«4 — Stkn G&E «s — 102
O W gtd 5s. — 10O V G & E 5». — —
WATER STOCKS. ,n
Contra Costa — 41 !Port Costa. X — —
M»rin Co... — 63 is V W Co. 40% 41
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 3?; 44 F G ft E. 57?; M
"ntual E L. 7 9 ;Stkn G ft E. 5 —
Pac L Co.. 53H 534 U G ft E. . — 39
Sac E G tc R — — \
TRU3TEES' CERTIFICATES.
\ Ftrem's Fnd.335 350 |
B.VN'K STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk. — 13O L P ft A... -" 170^
Antrlo-Cal ..S3 95 Uer Trust... — 232VJ
Bank of Cal.442 4»5 Merch Ex... — —
Cal Safe Dp.l47!i — S F NationL — —
First Nationl — —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S ft L. — 23C0 Sav ft L Sa 93 100 .
Hum S ft L. — — Sec Sav Bk. — 430
Mutual Sav.lOrt — Union T Co. — —
S F Sav .U-615 650
STREET RAILROADS.
California .J974205 iPresidio ....38 — » '
Geary — 80 I
POWDER.
Giant 5S4 62la!Vigcrit — ft
Hana P Co. — C%c Kilauea S C. — 7 5" '-
Hawaiian C. 43% 44 Makaweli C. '— 22*i
Honokaa S C 121* 124 Onomea S C. — SO
Hutch SPC. <&%. 74|Paauhau 3 C — 14»i
. MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A.140 — iOceanic S C, 4 i
Cal F C A. 94 96 Pac Aux FA 5 5ii
Gtf Wine A. UU4 9tt I Pac C Bon. 167 —'
Morning Session.
Board —
63 Hawaiian Com ft Sugar........ 43 5O
30 Honokaa S Co. b 3 12 25 -
5S F Gas ft Electric 5S CO
IS Spring Valley Water Co 41 ¦ >¦
Sl.OCO Honolulu R T ft L Co 6s.... 108 00
$2.00O S P of Arizona <1910) 10K 25
$5,000 Spring Valley Water 6a 104 50
Street—
$10. COO S F Cal 1st con 5e (stamped). 10* on
S10.CC0 Srrtn* Valley Water 63 ICti 50
Afternoon Session.
Bosni —
10 Bank of California 412 SO
10 S - F Gas & Electric 38 00
Stre-t —
$5 000 Pacific Electric Ry 5 per cent. 105 «>
$3, COO S P C 1st c 5 per et (stmpd).lW 25
•
California Stock and Oil Exchange
Alma ' .-
! AjSbllo « ....
I A*5octated Trust Certificates. IT 1»
Aztec ...^ »=!•
California Standard r, 11
Caribou 1 40
Central Point Con ••-•
Chicago Crude .
Claremont 4rt . 43
Esperanza 1*"
1 Four ..........•-• 63 ....
1 Fulton * 0°
Giant •• ' " ••»
H^nrord ll ?£?,. 14 T«'
Home ." 1074 115
Imperial - •¦••
Independence ....... ...... 13 •-*
Junction 15 .
Kern i 4 50 .- A -
Kern River v 12 "?
Lion <H
Monarch (of Arizona) 4t» ....
Monte Crlsto •••• "° *?
Occidental of W Va
Oil City Petroleum 27 29
Peerless '.....". ••••
nttstrarg -via -
Reed Crude 45O 460.
S F ft McKlttrtck
San Joaqutn O ft D ....
Senator 63
Sovereign JS • 22
Sterling J » 2 73
Superior fi5 OT
Thirty-three 6 w> £c-
Twenty-eight : " I . .*.".". '. '. '.'. . 1 . 4 SO .5 TO
Miscellaneous^-"
JS5^r?U6 i m - p :::::::: "-: »«
American BUcult 7300
American District Tel .....*....
Cal Ga» ft Electric Corp.. ....
California Cotton Mills S» OO 95 CO -
California. Jockey Club
California Shipping Co -••-
Cal Title Ins & Trust... ....
Central Bank of Oakland ... .... ....
Chutes Company •--• •- —
Cypress Lawn Imp Co 0 23 *¦ , '
Fischer's Theater -••• - 23
Gas Consumers' Assn .¦•;,!
Honolulu Sugar 13 5O
Northern C»Hforni* Power. . — . ft 0O
North Shore Railroad
Orpheum Company 16 00 ....
Pacific State* Tel ft Tel.. .... ....
Pars? fine Paint 33C0 ....
San Francisco Dry Dock ....
Sanitary Reduction Works .. 1 50 ....
Sausallto Land ft Ferry ....
Sperry Floor Company '....
Standard Electric .....
Tesla Coal Company 23 00 30 CO
Truckee Electric .».. ....
Union Sngar ....
United Gas ft Electric .... ..:. ....
Morning Session.
Board——
Afternoon ¦ Session.
Beard — , "
SO Home 1 10
50 Kern Oil 4 50
50 Sterling 2 53
lOOO United Railroad 4s 77 75
Bid. Ask. 1 BH.Asfc.
4s qd coup..l07U — :4s qr cp newl.T3iil34i*
4s qr reg...lO7*ilCS t ii3» qr coup..lC8 —
Jan. 13 — 2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
FRIDAT,
Stock and Bond Exchange.
Dried Fruits t Nuts,Raisins,Honey.
Seine houses report rather more demand for
Honey, on account of the dry weather, but
the movement is slow at best. There Is noth
ing new in Fruits and Raisins.
FRUIT — Apricots. 7}i«*S»?ic for Royals and 9
@llc for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples. 49
SHjc; sun-tlrled. ofik; Peaches, 4@U^c; Pears.
CfrlOc; Nectarines. 4g54c; Figs, white. 4^4\c
In boxes; black, V •«: Plums, pitted. tt@9c per
pound.
PRUNES— 1902 crop. 2%#2?ie for the four
size*.
RAISINS — F. o. b. prices. Fresno, for 1903
crop: 50-1 b boxes — Loose Muscatel. 2-crown.
5Hc per Ib: 3-crown. St%c; 4-crown, ttHc; Seed
less Muscatels. 4>4c: do. floated. 4> t c; un
bleached Sultanas. 4^c; Thompson's Seedless.
6>Ac. Lcndon Layers — 2-crown. $1 25; 3-crown,
$1 35; 4-crown clusters. |2; 5-crown Dehesas,
$-• 50; tf-crown Imperials. $3; Malaga Loose. 2
crown.. 5c per Ib; do 3-crown. 5%c; Valencia
Cured. 4%e; Pacific, do. 3%c; Oriental, dow
2?ic ¦ Seeded Kaislns — 18-oz packages, faacy.
6c per Ib: choice. 7%c: 12-os packages, fancy.
«"K,c; cholce^6%c; In bulk, fancy. 7%c; choice.
NUTS— Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. 13^#14c:
No. 2, 11 12c; No. 1 hardshell. 13&UHc;
No. 2. ll§ll^c: Almopd*. lie for Nonpareils.
10'ie for I X L. 10%c for Ne Plus Ultra and
8»tc for Languedoc: Peanuts. 6@7c for Eastern;
Pecans. ll@13c: Cocoacuts. S4 50@5; Chest
nuts. s@luc per Ib.
HONEV — Comb. lO^glliic for white and SH?
0'-c for amber; water white extracted. 5<9
5iic: light amber extracted. 4Htj4%e; dark.
3i4«4c. «"
BEESWAX— 27g29c per In.
downward, but support was met. or. rather,
the selling, was discontinued. Movements for
the rest of the day wai desultory and scat
tered. There waa some absorption of L"aite<l
States Ste»l preferred and of Amalgamated
Copper, which seemed based on trade condi
tions, but , these movements were without ani
mation or Importance. The advance in Pacific
Mail was based on a supposition that th-«
withdrawal of competing steamers for use as
transports In case cf war between Russia and
Japan would increase the business of tho
company. The heavy influx of casn Indicated
by the preliminary estimates of the week'a
currency movements was accepted with lan
guid interest, ar.d the market closed barely
steady and Intensely dull. Estimates of the
receipts by the banks in the direct «pre«9
movement vary to -the extent of several mil
lions of dollars. The sub-treaaury operations
have yielded to the barJu $7. 412.000. and the
various estimates of the interior movement
indicate a total net gain in cash of $12. ¦'»;»> '« •>
to J15.C0O.O0O. The advance In foreign ex
change toward the goid-expert point under
these circumstance is not surprising. The De
cember foreign trade statement leaves no
doubt, however, that New York can r«adlly
command more resources with evidence of any
need. Both the exports and tha excess of ex
ports over Imports for the month rise to record
figures, the trade balance in our fwor
amounting to ?36.9*4.CS4. An increase In tha
value cf Imports of upward of $10,0O0.0UO. com
pared with December of last year, contributes
materially to the result and marks the re
sumption of supply of the domestic dem&ni
by domestic products in place of formerly im
ported material.
Bonds were firm, and a broadening tendency
was manifested in the mark*t. Total sale*.
*3.15O.CCO.
United States 2a declined U per cent oa
call.
Den & Rio G 21 So Pacific SOti
Do pfd r 71U Union Pacific SOT*
Erie 2ST5 Do pfd 82
Do 1st FW C9% U S Steel 11
Do 2d pfd 494 Do pfd 5S
111 Central 135 Wabash 21
Louis & Xash lll'-l Do pfd 39
M. K & Tex.... 17W*
Bar silver^ — Firm 27 5-16d per ounce.
Money — luts per cent.
The rate of discount in the open market for
short bills is 3li p«r cent and for thre£ months'
bills 3 5-16©3?& per cent.
Bank Clearings.
NEW YORK, Jan. 15.— The following table,
compiled by Bradatreet. shovs the bank clear
ingru at the principal cities for the week ended
January 14, with f. he percentage of increase and
decrease, as compared with the corresponding
week l»£t year:
— Percent—
Inc. \ Dec:
•New York $1,376,162,903 .... 27.8
•Chicago 17».103.70:l .3'
•Boston 1.14.248,158 : 1O.«
•Philadelphia .... 114,811,767- ' 4.2
•St. LouU 56,167.«28 15.2 * ....
Pittsburg 36,7C«,l:« .... 12.0
•San Francisco... 30.978,270 .9 ' .:..
*Baitimore 24,001,016
Cincinnati 25.4S9 650 .... .'...
•Kansas City..... 23.106,008 - 11.2. ....
Cleveland 14,51».137 \ .... 6.5
•Minneapolis "..... 1 5. 529.1 S3 " "16.1 '
•New Orleans. .... 21,32t5,C07^ • 20.3 ...-' ...-.
Detroit „ 1O.13B.778 1.0
•Louisville ....... 11,475.«»4 ' • -3.8
Omaha S.003.727 11.1 •-..
•Milwaukee ...... S.741.199' ' 9.6' ...'.
•Pro\-idence S.3S2.900 - -2.0 ....i
•Buffalo ' 6.4«).1CO 3.4 ' ....
•St. Paul •• 6,484.212 ¦• ;¦ 3.9
Indianapolis «.89:i,li> 7.9- ....¦
Los Angtlts 7,4O4.1?5' 2.1.1 - ...z'<
•St. Joseph....... , 4,£05.432 - . 9.4 ',.:..
Denver 4,2.10,141 10.4
Richmond ;.. 5.500.144' 17.8
Columbus 4.2<J4,500 : 216
Seattle '4.4B5.754 19.1
Washington 4.0S5.322 9.3
•Savannah . - 3.fi9t.976 9.4
Memphis 6,227.895 19.5
Albany ....... 4.042.CS7 .: .. 7.8
Salt Lake City... 3.664.687- 7.3 ....
•Portland. Or 3.«HS,e«2. 11.0 ....
•Toledo 3,332,OUa 8.1
I Fort Worth 4.448.025 37.7" ...'.
Peoria 3.032,227 6.0
Hartford , 2.6S3.851 10.6 i
Rochester 3,201,906 16.4 ....
Atlanta 3.774.787 3.9 !
Des Moines . 2.352,771 .. i:j °
New Haven 1,956,107 3.2
Nashville 3. N t'C5. CT5 23.1
Spokane. Wash... 2.27(5, 74S 14.0 ....
Grand Rapids 2.24J.555 .... l'O.5
Sioux City 1.552.S65 4.S
Springfield. Mass.. 1.453.9.8$ 214
Norfolk ' 1.715,595 3.6 ',
I Dayion 2.228, 4RS 24. S
I Tacoma 2.241.C15 5.0 ..'.'.
Worcester 1.117.6SI SS 4
i Augusta. Ga 1.732.5M2 10.8
Portland. Me 1.675. 4S5
Scranton 2,054 09*»
Topek* 1.190.527 .'.'.'. 256
Syracuse 1.433,323 ... y 9
Evansville 1.559,565 15.6
i Wilmington. Del.. 1.1«»8.712 . 1 «»
I Birmingham .«'l,320.:{24 37
! Davenport S 991.237 2 2
; Fall River 1.121.198 "26
! Littlg Rock 1. 476.504 32 5
j Kt.oiville 1.171.OS0 2S 8
I Maccn 1.150.000 19.2
! Wilkesbarre 083.659 19 3
i Akron ' 745.000 .... io.i
, Springfield, 111 751.33S 7 4
I Whe«llng, W. Va. «J5S.59S is. 3
Wichita 1.222.795 64.0
! Youngstown 478.54S 7*5
i Helena ¦ 1,108.100 92 7
Lexingtm * 647.794 ../• 2.2
Chattanooga 833,873 33. S
Loweii 457.S32 ..'.
New Bedford .... 71D.81D 5 4
Kalamazoo 8:»,24»i rt.3
Fargo. N. D 611.420 0.4 ...".
Canton. Ohio f!>5,nC0 lti 5
Jacksonville. Fla'. 745. 17S '72 4
Greensburg. Pa... 464,::rs> 6.1 * ,
Rockford. Ill 4 > < < <.:{5. r { it> 9
Springfield. Ohio.. 429.S94 7I4
Binghamton 546,^X0 x . '()*•»
Chester. Pa 490, 40 - ; .... '/I
Blcomlngton. 111.. 437.741 rt 1
Quincy. Ill , .".'25.212 HO
' Sioui Falls S. D. 207 007 \" r>
Mansfield. Ohio... 2.'il.5.">T 18*8 "V
Jacksonville. III.. 220.342 15 s *")"
Fremont. N'ebr... 2<X>,f»24 g!)'g
Decatur. Ill 294.505 13.1
••Houston 1S.OO:1.171 2K.O
••Galveston O.'.vro.noo 79
Charleston. 9. C. 1.5-13,506'
Guthri-?, O. T S39.357 ..'.'. "*-*"
Totals, U. S..J2.205.294.27* 18 S
Outside N. T. SS9.C31.36V 0.6
CANADA.
i Montreal $19,SO«>,eo7 .... 10 5
i Ttronto l«J,O3ti,24S * 4 •»
I Winnipeg 5.219.106 33.5
Halifax 1.516.127 . 0 4
1 Ottawa 2.414,104 22.8
Vancouver. B. C. 1.202, $92 13 6
I Quebec 1.37S.598 2'u
I liamilton 1.175.301 15.6
J St. John, N. B... 877.351 21 1
I Victoria, B. C 710.3SO yj'5
. ••'London S19.01S
Totals, Can.. $31.4S3,8SO f';i
•Balances paid in cash. ••Not included in
totals because containing other items than
clearings. •••Not Included in totals because'
of no comparison for last year.
Nciv York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. Jan. 15. — FLOUR— Receipts,
2O..VX> barrels: exports, 29.500 barrels; sales,
12.WO packar»s. Market <iuiet but firm. •
WHEAT— Receipts, MJ.550 bushel3; sales.
2*00 bushels futures. Soot was firm. No. 2
red, !>5c to arrive and 95c f. o. -b. afloat; No.
1 Northern Duluth, 99 He f. o. b. afloat ; So.
¦. 1 hard Manitoba, nom'nal. f. o. b. afloat
Optioni were firmer asaln to-day on renewed
war talk, lower cooko!*. bull supnort at Chi
cago and bad weath'r In the Argentine. Clos
ing oricea were strong. %c net higher. May,
9OV4<aOl<\ closed 01c; July, 86Hi&S7 3-16c.
Shipment of $349,347 in Specie to the Orient.
IVall-strcci Stocks quiet and not materially changed.
Less aciiiiiy on the local Stock Exchanges.
Exchange and Silver as previously quoted. '-.
• Wheat and Barley zeeaker on predictions of rain.
'. Octs rin;i. zcitb scz-eral descriptions higher. Corn locally quiet.
Bran, Shorts and Oilcake Meal higher. Hay uncltanged.
Jicans nozv in good demand, chiefly on local account.
Butter advance attracts attention in the East.
Lozrcr grades of Eggs zccakcY. Cheese still demoralized.
Rather more demand for Honey reported.
Stocks of Hogs and Provisions accumulating in the West.
. Hops still very firm, zvith growers indifferent sellers.
No change in Cattle. Sheep and Hogs.
' Potatoes continue active and firm. Onions more plentiful.
Southern J'cgctablcs abundant and quiet.
Xc:l' Asparagus appears from Alav.ieda Island.
• Poultry cleaning up iccll at firm prices.
Carrie in large receipt and light demand. v -
Oranges in good supply and very dull
Articles. , Open. High. Low.- Close.
Wheat, No. 2— " ,
May S7»« 873i ' S6TV- S7H
July Sl?i • 82?, 81% S2%
September "SH 7SH "S»i 7ST4
January 4i% 45 • 44»» 44 7 A
Way -. 4Si4 401ft 4S»4 4S-^
July 47>£ 4S% 4GT4 47H
Oats. No. 2 — ' - •-.
Jauuary ....... 3~% SS% 37»J% ~ 3S^i
May 40^i 41% 40%" 414,
July 36% ¦ 37 .30^ • 37
Mess pork, per bbl—
January" 12 87^ 12 90 12 S7'4 12 30
May 12 8"H 13 15 12 87ft 13 15 .-
Lard, per-100 lbs—
January ,... 6 C5 6 75 C 62»4 « 75
May 6 85 7 00 6 65 TOO
July 0 95 7C7»4 6 95 7 07>4
Short ribs, oer 100 lbs — .
January 6 30 .-6.32H-6 30- C 3214
May 6 55 . 6 C7H -<5 55 6 07^4
July ...:;...... 6 75 6 7"H 6 73; ' 6 77 h
'Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
firm; No. 2 spring: whent. 846S7c; No. 3. 7S«
S3c; No. 2 red. .S34SS7?ic; No. 2 corn. 45^c:
No- 2 yellow, 47c; No.* 2 oats, 38 U ©OS He: No.
:: white, rj)»A»540'Ac; No.— 2' rye. WSM'.ic;
good VTeedicsr barley. 4Oig42c;"- fair to -choice"
maltlns. 47@38c; No. 1 flaxseed," OS^c; No. .1
Xorthwestern. SI 04 H:- prime '. timothy, seed;
V,\ 25: mefs pork. p«r bbl. *13<313 12V4; lard,
pe' 100 'lbs. $3 B2^4®6 73: short ribs sides
(Joose). $6 2506 27^; short clear sides (boxed)..
%0 C2V'®« 75; whisky, basis . of- hij?h wines.
$1 27; rlover, contract grade.' ¦$ 11 33@ll'4O..
' Articles-^- -' . - Recemts. Shipments.
Flour, bbls :... 34,200 -, , 27*100
Wheat, tu . 41,200 ; 37.200
Corn, liU '. 345,300' .1 155,100
Oats, bu 125.200- 14UCC0
Byo. bu 10.500' '.; ' 7.200
Earley. bu ....- ¦ 40.700 O.SCO
I On the Produce Exchange' to-day the butter
mnrket was easier; creameries, ir>^21c; 'dairies,
13igI0c. -: Egps. 'steady; n24@2QV.c. Cheese,
steady; •ICglOVic.-'; . . \.~- : ¦ - ; •
Foreign-Future's.
LIVERPOOL. ' .1 ; ¦ '
'Wheat — ' i ¦• ¦ ¦ -March.'. -May.
Opening. « « 4V, . r B 4H
Closing ..:...:.... 6 iib.' 6 4%
- .• <¦ ;. ' • PARIS.: :' t \ : "
' Wheat— * : ¦ Jan. , May- Aug.
Opening*.. 21 15- 2155 ]
Cluing ......V.2130 2135-
Flour — -
Opening :../.;..* 20 3rt 2S JS5 ¦
Closing 29 45 28 85
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
The apple market was in good shape for
fancy and choice stock and sales of fine »w
town Pippins packed in 3^-tler boxes were
reported at $1 60. For 4-tier packages of fancy
the top quotation was considered an extreme
figure. Common Apples continued plentiful and
dull.
APPLES— $1©1 50 for fancy.* 50fi»0c for
choice and 25040c for common.
PEARS— Winter NetlU . from cold storage.
$1 W>62 per box. '
CITRUS FRUITS — Navel Oranges. $1 5O@
$2 per box for fancy. 1161 SO for choice and
«Oc:g$l Tor standards; Seedlings. Gvcii$l.
Tangerines, 50c8|l per box; Japanese (Man
darins. 75c@fl for half boxes; Lemons. }1 75
<q1 50 for fancy. H%91 50 for choice and
75c<i$t for standard; Grape Fruit. $1©2; Mex
ican Limes. Hfj l 50: Bananas. SI92 per bunch
for Hawaiian and $2fT2 SO for Central Amer
ican; Pineapples. $1 50@2 SO per dozen.
The cool weather continued to check the lo
cal demand for Citrus fruits and trade in the
open market and at the auction rooms, where
the offerings were light, was very quiet. In
fact, yesterday was the dullest day experienced
in the market thus far this season. "Even
tke large sizes of Navel Oranges; which were
in comparatively small supply, were hard to
dispose of. and the top 'quotation was shaded.
At the auction sale 3 cars of Navels were sold,
as follows: Fancy. |1 50©l SO; choice. $1 25®
1 50; standards. 7."c«$l 10. A steamer which
arrived from Mexico on the preceding day
brought up 321 cases of Mexican Limes and 17
crates of Pineapples.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruit*.
VEGETABLES— _
Artichokes/ dz.75CSl 50 Onions per lb..UVS2
Beets, dozen. HJS— Okra dried lb...2O@—
Beans, white. Ib. 5© — Potatoes Ib l'-jti2
Colored, per Ib. 6® — < Parsnips p*r di.l5©2O
I>rle<i Lima. Ib.. — @ ejRadlshes". dx bch.l5«-2O
.Cabbage, each... &R 10 Sage dx bunches25® —
Celery, head.:..— mo String Beans
Cress, dz bunch.l.VS — ¦ per Ib 15@"0
Cucumbers, doz.. $1@2 Summer Squash
Garlic ......... 10®12H per Ib .'. SfilO
Green Peppers,lb$S12% Sprouts per Ib.. &» 6
Dried Peppers... 10«20 Spinach per Ib. ft® 8
Egg Plant 15©25 Sweet Potatoes.
Green Peas Ib. . ft&lO per Ib "*<4 l 83-
Lettuce. per doi.l.VS2O Thyme dz bnchs.25'S.W
Leeks, ds bunch. ir>*J?ft Turnips, per- doz. «15
Mushrooms. lb...35@50 Tomatoes. Ib 8S10
FISH—
Uarracouta ..... — @15 Rockcod — ®15
Carp 10®l2Vi Sea Bass — fH5
Catfish .... — ©12H Smelts — ©is
Codfish — 612^4 Soles 10^15
Flounders loe— Skates^ each 1CS15
Halibut .15® — Squid — ®
Herring s»'31O Tomcod 12UQ—
Mackerel . . . — ©— Turbot 2C©—
Do hors/. 15© — Trout ©
Rockflah — ®12H Brook Trout — @—
Salmon, fresh. .12V.«15|Whitefi£h 10©—
Do smoked 13<»25i Clams, gallon 3Oe
Sardines ...1OS — ¦! Do hardshell. Ib SS10
Shrimps — ®10 Crawfish. Ib — Al~>
p had ,..10©— Crabs, each 13@23
Strined Basa l."x320 Mu^seis. Ib 12«*«?15
Perch 10^— iOyster? Cal 100.4CSJO
Pompino — (g50! Do Eastern. dz.3u@ 10
FRUITS AND NUTS —
Alllgfr Pears.-dz.—©— [Limes, doz 10<gl5
Almonds ....:... 15820 1 Lemons doz. 15*325
Apples ~. 3® S Oransea. doz....20@50
Cranberries; qt..— 023 Pears^ per Ib...— & S
Pecans - .... .... .: — @20f Pineapples ea . ...2Z11Z0
Brazil Nuts.\...2fhe — I Raisins per Ib.. 5©15
Banana?, dos. .. .25$i 40 Strawberries, per
Ch»«tnuts ....... 15©20 basket — ©15
Coroanuts.. each.. — 610 Tangerines doz..l,VB2O
Dried, Figs.- Ib. .—-010 Walnut*, per Ib. .13H20
Grape Fruit. dz.75c(g? I
POULTRY ANT), GAME. .
Hens, each.. "....eOSOOi Wild Doves. dozKl 50
Young Roosters, '. :. |Enirll'*> Snipe <is.$4 00
: each ...."...... 63§©0j Jack Snipe. doz..$2 5O
Old Roosters. ea.50@C5|Gray Geese, each. 4*3 50
Fryers, each..' ...65075 White Geese. ea.l5@25
Broilers, each. :..50®<S5 Brant. each.....l2O@a5
Turkeys, per lb.. 20625 Honkers. each... 40075
Ducks, each.". .¦.75c@<l!'iv.'»l Ducks; ea..20(g25
Geese, each..— #$l COMall'd Ducks ea.5O#i!5
Goslings ...... .£..$2 OOjWidg'n Ducks. ea2Oft 25
Pigeons, pair.... — ©BO Sprig Ducks, ea. 40^50
Squabs, per pair.-«-©eo Canvasbacks ea..C<»«7.%
Rabbits, each:... 20*R25 Small Ducks. ea.2C@25
Hare. .< each."....— 4f2U
Poultry is less plentiful than last week and
nearly everything In the Chicken line is
higher while Turkeys are plentiful and lower,
i Fish. Game and Meats stand about the same
1 as quoted last week, w
Vegetables are still rather scarce and high
and Fruits are unchanged,
i COAL. PER TON—
Wellington ..$— ©10 OOjNew '
Seattle I — © 8 50 Wellington $—©10 00
¦ Roslyn $— © 9 00 Wellington
Richmond ...$—© 0 50 Nut %— % S CO
Greta ..$— © 9 COlCJoos Bay...*— © 7 00
. DAIRY PRODUCE. ETC.—
Butter. cholce.sq.50<S6O'Ranch Eggs. ..35«37H
Do good 4Og« Common Kgsrs.SC'a^H
: Do packed. lb.2Mi.'iO Honey, tomb. . per
Cheese. Cal..*.. "T:15@20 pound ..— ©20
Cheese.- Eastern.. 2O@23 Do extracted.. SglO
Che<Se. Swias...25@3a :
! MEATS. PER POUND—
Bacon .l&$-5[Pork Sausage.. 12^015
Hams ..."....;... lefrl.N Smoked Beef —©20
Lard ..%2MQ— I
The San Francisco Butchers* Protective aa?o-
I elation gives the * following . retail prices for
meats. , x
Roast Bet f...... 10^20 Hlndqrtr Lamb..lS©20
Tenderloin Steak. 15«1S Foreqtr Mutton./ 8#10
Porterhse. do.l»>/,S22H Leg Mutton 12^015
Sirloin Steak.. 12^!S'13 Mutton Chops.. 12*i©18
-Round Steak... lOfil^Vi Mutton Stew.... SttlO
Beef Stew ......— «10 Roast Veal.. 12@2O
Corn Beef. ...... '8&10 Veal. Cutlets. 15@2O
Soup Bones 4© — Veal Stew 12HW15
: Soup Meat.". ....'. 5@10 Roo3t-Pork 12U61S
Lamb Chops ... .—©20 Fork Chops lSTilS
Foreo.tr Lamb. 12H4?15 -
Higher price* rule for fresh Butter this
week and stocks In'the wholesale market are
very light. Eggs are abundant and cheaper,
while Cheese and Honey are unchanged.
\fAMILY RETAIL MARKET
12S.12«c for select mild new and lOfllOtfc for
loWr grades; Young Americas, 12H613C; East
ern. 15®16c: Western. 14©15c per Ib.
EGGS — Ranch. 27V4©30c fcr choice to fancy
and 2tJ#27c for small and mixed colors; store,
24@27c; cold storage. 22V»c
• \ ; • '¦ ¦ .¦
mand continued gpod the remainder of the day
and the close was strong, with May at 87%c.
Corn was in good demand "and firm, after a
slight Indication of weakness early in the day.
The close was firm. May at 48%c.
Oats were up sharply, with trading at times
quite excited. Closing prices were strong and
at the top. May at Ui.i'gil&ic.
Provisions were weak early on lower prices
for hogs, but later the market advanced on
war news and on the strength shown In grains. •
Shorts were the best buyers. May pork closed I
17^4c higher, lard was up 10s and ribs 5@7**c j
higher. |
The leading ' futures ranged a: follows: . ¦• i.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 16, 1904.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Continued on Page Fourteen.
NEW YORK. Jan. 13.— This was another
day- of lnconaequetlal results In the stock
market and of listless and neglected trading.
The war scare seemed to : have resumed its
force la foreign markets and started prices
Nczv York Stock Market.
Bran Shorts and Oil Cake' Meal are higher,
but th« other f Feedstuffs remain unchanged.
Predictions of rain ' give Hay a weaker ap
pearance . and , lead buyers to hold off.- some
what but quotations ~ remain as before. .
BRAN — ?2O 5O821 5O per.ton. . ¦-...'• •
MIDDLINGS— *27©28 50 per ton. .
. SHOUTS — S20 50©2l-50tper-ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled . Barley; $23 60<324"50
per ton; 1 Oil Cake Meal at the mill. $2T oO$29:
jobbing. < $20 50©30; : Cocoanut • Cake. > $21G22 ;
Com ; Meal. f 2SSiS 50: > Cracked : Corn. $2S#29 ;
Mixed Feed. $22fi2»: Horse Beans.. $30040, p«r
HAY— "Wheat. $14817 60; Wheat and Oat.
H ay and Feedstuff s.
CHICAGO. Jan. 15. — Wheat held steady «Jur
Ing the first part -of the session, mainly on ac
count of the aversion of the pit crowd, to launch
out on what was considered a- troubled «ea
Local traders appeared to see no hope for proflt
en either side of the market and in consequence
ord«is ' for email traders was the rule The
opening was a trifle higher. Influenced by a de
cline in consols and indications that a more
acute phase- in the war situation has been
reached. May wis up «c.to Heat S7c ~ to
«H«. and during the early hours of trading
the price ranged between 86%c and S7*4c. On
a report statins that grave news was momen
tarily expected from the Far East the market
became suddenly active. Those who had sold
short earlier . in the session became extremely
anxious to cover, and there was also a good de
mand from'the bull element. Frcm STilc May
rapidly rope to 87=»4c. with small offerings until
ttoe price bad passed the S7$£c mark. The de-
COMMERCIAL FINANCIA
15
AUCTION SALES
"Quickest— The Highest Amount,"
That's What It Means When You Place Your
Goods With
A. H. ANDERSON,
"Tia Auctioneer."
Sal>>9 scllcited anywhere, by the day. per
cent or hour. Room 28. SU6 Market st. <Phe-
lan buildlnx). Tel. Main 15*52. Reference*.
National Bank of D. O. Mills & Co. Corre-
spondence ¦ollclfd.
i^ AUCTION SALE fc*
Monday, January 18,
At 11 O'clock, at
; ELLIS-STREETT STABLK. «15 ELLIS ST..
I wUI sell 35 head of Draft and Driving Horses,
also one Handsome Road Rig Mare sired by
Diablo, rubber-tired top buggy and bamess and
several business buggies, carts, harness, etc.
; This stock most and will be sold.
" - S. WATKIN 3. Auctioneer.It is so easy to take Piso'a Cure for a
cou<b. and. be 'relieved and cured. 29c *
ALBANY. N, Y.'. Jan. 15.— Governor Odell
has called a special election ; to ' be n held In
the Twelfth Congressional ' District on Febru
ary 23. to fill, the . vacancy * caused ¦ by the
iff ljrnation of George B. '. McClellan, ' now
Maj-or ot ' New York. ' -
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Jan. » 15.— An
election was held to-day to • nil the vacancies
caused bythe resignation' of two ot^the officers
or- the Students' Guild, the organization which
took . charge ; of „ the ¦ relief work ¦} during: the
typhoid epidemic last - year < and the : diphtheria
ecara this year. I J. P.' Mitchell. '03.- was elected -
president and Miss Ruth Klmball, '04, vice
president, r flasl ' - - - ¦ -' v. ' -'
Hostler Loses a Finger.
John Clancy, a hostler," had 'one of
his fingers severed in- a-hay chopper
while at- work at -127, Silver .street
yesterday.. • He » was treated . at. the
Emergency j Hospital.
Reports Against Petition.
" The Board of Works yesterday re
turned to the Supervisors the petit'on
of W.-J. Lyon, an architect, that the
building ordinance be amended so
that walks of brick supported by iron
or steel girders shall be not less than
thirteen inches for the. entire height
of the building with the recommenda
tion, that, the petition be not granted.
ADAMS' Irish Moss Couch Balsam helps
from the first dose, cures In a day. 25c. BOc. •
Postoffice Appointments.
'¦ Postmaster ' Fisk made several . ap-;
pointments . yesterday, the most "im- J
portant of whichtwas that of .William
C. Dougherty to, be assistant superin
tendent, of the ; money . order; depart
ment, vice Martin, deceased. - Mr.'
Dougherty; has been connected with
the postofHccfor. the last forty years
and is familiar .with every' detaii;"of
the business. His appointment-gives
pleasure to a host of friends. 'George
E. Perkins was ' appointed ', : finance*
clerk in* place, of : Dougherty;- W. J.
Phillips, superintendent. of Station E,
vice. Frank' Dl Griffin," deceased ; VW. S.
Morrison, assistant superintendent of
city delivery, vice Phillips; Jacob Gor
finkel, foreman jj of the city delivery
department at the Ferry station; Gar
nett Calkin and Frank Page, laborers,
vice H. , P. Jackson and ' Alexander
Averett. ' ....
. City Attorney, Long- yesterday ad
vised the Park Commissioner that-the
so-called Market, place lots lying south
of • Second ''street "were dedicated to
and reserved for \ market places or
other. public uses and not as public
squares. ' The Park Commissioners
therefore have no jurisdiction over
the lots and the. Board of Supervisors
has power to; lease them to the South
ern Pacific Company .in the grant of
the franchise" for the bay shore line.
Not Reserved as Public Squares.
CHICAGO. Jan. 15. — Brigadier General
Frederick D. Orar.t to-day assumed command
of the Department of the \js kes. in accordance
m-lth th» territorial rediFtricrtng army act re
•¦••ntly i<a»?ed by <*x>nKress. •
Trustees of and Pro
ducers' Association Hold Im
portant Meeting. , . >
At the meeting of the trustees of the
Manufacturers' and Producers' Asso
ciation, held yesterday in the Mills
building, it was decided to attempt to
devise some means- of -making citrous
oils to compete with the imported pro
ducts. Resolutions were adopted fa
voring the extension of the consular
service, the installation of a pneumatic
tube system for transporting mails in
San Francisco, the formal acceptance
by Congress of the metric system and
the holding' of a World's -Fair in this
city in 1913 or on the completion of
the isthmian canal. The- following
named firms were unanimously elected
to membership in the association:
E. Aiseltinerer, Alameda Sugar Company,
Alexander Helns De-ltinK Company, American
Tool Work*, Anspacher Bros.. A &N. Phar
maceutical Company. Bay City Iron Works,
Bay City Engineering and Supply Compariy;
Bosqui EtiRravlng and . Printing Company, by
ron Jackson Machlix?. Works. Byron Mauzy.
California Manufat-turlnc Cotnbany, California
Pap^r Kox Comt»any. California Rag Com
pany, Comprffsctl Air Machinery Company,
Benjamin G. Elliott. Empire Redwood Com
pany, Fioriston Pulp and Paper Company.
Holbrook. Merrill fc .Stetson; I X I> racking
Company. Jersey I»land Packing Company. W.
A. Miller *: Co.. Xatia and Sonoma Wine Com
paay. Northwestern Redwood Company, Otis
Elevator Company, .Paclflc Envelope Company,'
Pacific Rrfinlne and Roofln*. Company, Phoe
nix Rai»tn Seeding and Packing Company;
Ralston. Iron Work*. Raaid Economy Stamp
Mill Company. The Reese Waternroof Manu
facturing Oomr>any. G.. Rinchmuller, Somers
& Co., Kt. Hubert Tonic Port Corporation,' The
Union Ladder Company, West Coast Manufac
turing Company; The Best Manufacturing
Company. San i/eandro; California Citrus
Products Company, National City: Edson Bros.
(K la math Springs). Beswick; M. P. Hender
son & Son. Stockton; Hercules Oil ¦ Refining
Company, Los Angeles: Hoyt's Tree Support
Company, Walsohville; ~ Petaluma Incubator
Company. Petaluma: Routzahn Seed Company.
Arroyo Grande; The Stockton Paint Company,
Stockton; • Simpnon-Pirnle Granite. Company,
San J)iego; Frank Walker, Los Angeles;. Ju
bilee Incubator Company, Oakland. . .. ¦ ,
MANX NEW FIRMS ARE
GRANTED MEMBERSHIP
James H. Porter, "a jeweler and op r
tlcian of Colusa, filed a petition In In
solvency yesterday in the United
States District Court. He owes $853
and has no assets.
Insolvent Jeweler.
Local Inspectors Find Vessel's Hull
Was Damaged to Extent of Nearly
Forty Thousand Dollars.
United States Local \ Inspectors
Bolles and Bulger held an invest'ga
tion yesterday Into the matter of the
grounding of the steamer Spokane on
Humboldt | Bar- on January. "9. The
vessel was .entering ' the'.- harbor' at
noon, the tide being at ebb. .The force
of the blow on the " steamers • keel
broke and twisted the plates/thereby
inflicting damage estimated, at from
$30,000 to $40,000.- "Captain Matt C.
Johnson, master of; the Spokane, tes
tifldd that the steamer, took the usual
course on entering the harbor and had
both leads ; going, . having 'deep water
up .to the moment of striking. He
found when he arrived at Eureka that
the spar buoy had been removed 300
feet farther out. . *• '
: ",C. M. Petterson and William Bur
rill, the men in charge of the life-sav
ing station, testified that the Spokane
was coming in through the old chan
nel, . her I regular route, when she
struck: Three days prior they had
made soundings to mark the "place
where- the black! spar buoy had been
washed iiway found twenty-one
feet of wate>. The buoy was replaced
300 feet farther out.
"The case was "taken under advise
ment. -. ¦¦ - •" . ' .; ' •¦• . •¦ . . •
"GROUNDING^ OF STEAMER /
SPOKANE INVESTIGATED
Trachoma is Granulated Eyelids. Mu
rlne Eye Remedy cures this and other
Eyo troubles, makes wea'i eyes strong.
Druggists and opticians. • •
COPENHAGEN', Jan. IS. — It is announced
that Kin? Christian, who is at Weisbaden. ha»
sufficiently recovered from h!s attack of gout
to return to Copenhagen next week.
Officials to Arrive.
" William P. Armstrong and Joseph
S. McCoy, , commissioners appointed
by the President on the Chinese in
demnity commission, will arrive here
on the Korea, which is due on Janu
ary 23.
Representative men of the.city.as
sembled at the Merchants' Exchange
yesterday afternoon in response to an
invitation issued by J. W. Byrne, James
D. Phelan and Willis E. Davis to con
sider the beautifying of San Francisco.
There was a good gathering of men
well known for their interest in the
city's welfare. James D. Phelan was
voted to the chair and explained the
scheme in view.
Mr. Phelad said that as there, were
many organizations looking to the mer
cantile and business improvements
that the new association would take
up the artistic side of the - city^s llf e
and provide plans by which this object
might be provided.
Improvements, he said, in the past
had been done in a haphazard manner
and without plan. D. H. Burnham,
Sculptor Augustus St. Gaudens and
Frederick Olmstead, «aid Mr. Phelan,
had made plans for the adornment of
Washington, D. C, and Cleveland, Ohio,
and it had been suggested that - such
services m'lght be secured for San Fran
cisco.
Mr. Burnham of Chicago, architect
,of the new Merchants* Exchange.Vnow,
under construction In this city, had
volunteered to undertake such work as
was necessary toward the beautifying
of the city as a labor of love. •
EUROPEAN CITIES MODELS.
Mr. Phelan said that the expenses
would have to be provided for - a trip
for the study of the sea and hill cities
of Europe, and especially those "cities
resembling San Francisco, and I then
artists, and architects here would be
consulted in the matter.;' . .
Mr. ; Burnham estimates . that "the
preparations will take fully a year.'. .
Mr. Phelan explained that among the
improvements suggested were a town
hall or auditorium where large gather
ings, conventions, concerts and fairs
could be held. ,
After the .matters were discussed a
committee on the % special/ subject of
improvements was* appointed, 1 consist
ing of William- Greer Harrison, W.'- A.
Bissell and Allan Pollok. It w ; as re
solved to name the organization "The
Association for the, Improvement <; and
Adornment of San Francisco." The ex
ecutive committee appointed , by Mr.
Phelan consists of ,W. A. Irwin, Wil
liam Greer Harrison, Allan Pollok, F.
W. Dohrmann and -Herbert B.'Law.
BOULEVARD SUGGESTED.
The committee will report at the next
meeting a programme of procedure, in
cluding-the methods^ which ¦ the asso
ciation has adopted for^the furtherance
of : its 'purposes, ij'jtf. ¦ ¦- ' '¦ J r
, Among .the most important improve
ments, suggested are ; wide J boulevards
running from* Market street, !the' Mis
sion and Van; Ness j avenue direct [. to
Golden i Gate Park - and ; a road around
the bay shore. The proper adornment
of Telegraph Hill will also be a matter
to be considered. .;.
There . were ' a number . of communi
cations received ifrom citizens advising
on the form of Improvement. ; One sug
gested an opera-house,': another the
construction" of an outdoor, amphithea
ter and another the extension of Market
street to the ocean; while another sug
gested and sent in the design for an
ornamental hotel for Asbury Heights.^
" Those, present were:
James D. Phelan, William Greer Harrison.
E W. Hopkins, Henry. J. Crocker, . Leon • Sloss.
Charles E. • Green, 'Allan Pollok. - Thomas Me-
Caleb, R. J. Tauesig. A.- H. Payson. , U M.
King. Fred Patek, John Partridge. T. C.
Friedlander. W. A. Blssell. W. C. Irwln. Frank
J. Symmes, Herbert K-- I*w. E. O. Mccor
mick.'Phll Lillenthal. WillinE. Davis, M. B.
Greensfelder. Walter S. Martin. Dr. E. It. Tay
lor. Mark Gerstle. M.' J. Kellar, P. W. . Dohr
mann and W.; B.< Bourn. * _•
Says Husband Threatened Her.
Mrs. John Nation, 1300 Sanchez
street, caused the arrest of her hus
band yesterday afternoon on a charge
of threats to kill. The accused marv
stated that all the trouble grew out of
a dispute over some property.
Yesterday was essentially an "at
home" day— exeept for those that were
calling. Cabs darted about the dis
tinctive districts with rare abandon,
and those who were cabless skipped
lively over the slippery Western Addi
tion crossings to escape an embarrass
ing collision. But it serves them right
if they did meet with mishap — they
who would fain to call without the dis
tinction of stalling a cab on the curb
ing. It is such a compensation to a
hostess!
• • •
Yesterday was also a day of "teas,"
for witness the following affairs: > •
Mrs. Thomas Morffew entertained
over two hundred friends — wholly In
formally, however, and not a note of
weariness crept Into the long gray
afternoon. To entertain a continually
recurring coterie of guests is a tax
upon ' the resources of the cleverest
hostess. Mrs. Morffew has acquired
that art. ':?.:'.
In the receiving party were her sis
ters, Mrs. California Newton and Mrs.
Hodgson, who were gowned smartly
in imported white robes, as also was
the hostess.
Roses, pink and white, garlands of
green and dainty shades made a
charming setting for the stunningly
gowned women who, thronged the
rooms during the -fashionable hours.
Mrs. H. P. Pinney held an informal
reception yesterday at her home- in
honor of Mrs. Mary Hart, the clever
club woman from the land of the mid
night suiV Mrs. Hart was presented to
the members of the Women's Pacific
Coast Press Association ' at the func
tion, and a heart-to-heart talk ensued
about the mysterious land In the north.
Mrs. Hart goes on next week to the
exposition at St. Louis as a Commis
sioner from Alaska.
A rarely pleasant "at home" was
given yesterday at the home of Mrs.
W. E. F. Deal and the Misses Deal, on
Sacramento street, when the following
ladies assisted in receiving the large
number of callers: Mrs. Thomas H.
Nichols, Mrs. C. H. Hilbert. Miss Clo
tilde Mason, Mrs. John R. Wilson, Miss
Emma Moff at, Miss Henrietta MofCat
and Miss Marie Bull. .
On Monday next Miss Alice Treanor
will entertain In honor of two brides
to-be, Miss Katherine Selfridge and
Miss Mabel Donaldson.
The Daughters of the California Pio
neers will give an afternoon's enter
tainment to their friends on Monday.
The Gayety Club has announced its
next ¦ dance for Wednesday, the 20th,
at the home-of Miss Christine Pomeroy!
Miss Pomeroy is a leader among the
dainty debutantes and the dance at her
home should materialize' as a real
"gayety" dance..
Wednesday brings the two large
luncheons of the week, Mrs. Ritchie
Dunn's, at the University Club, and
Mrs, M. Kirkpatrick's at the Palace.
On Friday the Fortnightlles will
gather in their stunniest frocks the
feminine faction, and the men are al
ready engaged for the choice dances.
What Joys this leap year bringeth forth!
Some very swell wedding invitations com*
from Kntxwles, 24 Second street. Main 593. •
>V $200,000 Gold Nuggets
From Alaska, including the largest nug
gets in existence in the world to-day, are
now on exhibition at 1009 Market st. •
CITIZENS WHO WOULD BEAUTIFY
• SAN FRANCISCO, AND MARKET
STREET AS THEY WANT IT.
By Sallie Sharp.
"AT HOMES"
HOLD ATTENTION
OF SOCIETY FOLK
School Overcrowded.
School Director Boyle visited the
Lafayette Scho«l yesterday morning
and found it to be overcrowded. , One
class of forty pupils has been meeting
In the hallway. .On his recommenda
tion a portable schoolroom will be
added to the building.
Just seven days before death ended
the eventful life of Mary E. ("Mam
my") Pleasant she made a will be
queathing to Lyman M. and Olive E.
E. Sherwood, who caredfor her during
the last days of her life and at whose
home she died, all her property, and
the aged colored Woman in the .will
gives as her reasons for so disposing of
her estate the fact that the Sherwoods
had taken such good care of her In
the winter of her life- and that she
had promised them that when she died
her property would go to them in
equal shares. The document was filed
for probate yesterday and with it was
filed by Sherwood a petition for the
admission of the will to probate.
The will bears date of January 4,
1904. The aged colored woman
died on January 11. The opening
clause of , the will contains the state
ment that "Mary E. Pleasant, being of
sound and disposing mind and mem
ory, declares the document to be her
last -will and testament." The second
clause declares that "she is unmar
ried and has no known living relative
who has any claim upon : her estate."
The fourth clause states that the testa
tor in making her will bears in mind
the fact that Lyman Sherwood, the
lawyer, and Olive E. E. Sherwood, his
wife, had rendered her great service
during the last days of her life and
also the fact that she had promised
them to leave them her property. In
the fifth clause she xievises to the Sher
woods all that she dies possessed of,
share and share alike, and in the sixth
and final clause of the document she
appoints the devisees executor and
executrix of the will^to serve without
bonds, and gives them power to dis
pose of the estate'as they see flt.with
out asking the consent of any court.
The will is a written document and
bears the | signatures of Thomas S.
Scott and August Roehncke as wit
nesses.
Keports from all over the coast Indi
cate prosperous conditions and in
creased interest in public library work.
New placer, for public reading are be
ing established, and others already
founded are increasing their facilities.
In Spokane, Wash., nine competitive
plans have been presented for the Car
negie library building, for which the
donation is $75,000. The library board
has submitted these to Professor W. R.
Ware, the eminent architectual author
ity of Columbia University. New York,
for hi? decision as Jo which is the most
satisfactory one of those coming within
the allowed expenditure. Professor
Ware's fee for' his expert opinion is
$250. The Seattle library board some
time ago enrag«xl his professional ser
vices for th^ir $:V>o.O0f» building.
The Board of Tra-de in Ashland, Or.,
has appointed a committee for provid
ing permanent quarters for the public
library.
The State Library Trustees of Cali
fornia at their regular monthly meet
ing on January "> considered the propo
sition of Librarian GilEs for an exhibit
to be made at the St. Louis Exposition.
Part of the exhibit, if made, will con
sist of views of the Capitol and its in
terior, lists of the valuable works
owned by the library, Msts of the libra
ries of California and a sample travel
ing library of those now being circu
lated from the State library-
TRAVELIXG LIBRARIES.
This is in line with the efforts made
by the school authorities for a strong
representation of the educational ad
vantages of the State. An early deci
sion concerning the proposal will be
made. At the same meeting authority
was given Librarian Gillis to prepare
fifty additional traveling libraries for
general use.
The Beale Memorial Library at Ba
kcrsfield reports a large increase in the
use of reference and scientific works.
Santa Rosa's new library building,
costing $20/>00, will be ready for occu
pation in a few weeks.
Confident that their application to
Mr. Carnegie for a gift for a library
building will be successful, the Chico
< itizens have secured an excellent site,
convenient to both business and resi
dence d*tricts. for their hoped for li
brary mme. The deed for the site has
been delivered.
Nevada City has reason to be proud
of its young library, which was estab
lished only eighteen months ago. The
annual appropriation for its support Is
51500, though the assessed valuation of
Nevada City is but $925>000. This is the
most liberal support in proportion to
the wealth given to any public library
in the State.
CITIZENS RAISE MONEY.
The citizens raised money with which
to purchase a lot and small building for
the present use of the library, and are
looking forward to larger accommoda
tions if their application to Andrew
Carnegie is favored.
Delay in letting the contract for the
140,000 Berkeley library building is
caused by the proposal to substitute
stone for the plan of a brick basement
ptory. The increased cost will be about
51600. The library trustees have not
decided the question of having corner
stone ceremonies.
The Los Angeles public library In
tends to install a time clock, such as is
used in many larg£ libraries and in
mercantile houses. It will accurately
record when each of the flfty-flve at
tendants, except the librarian, goes to
vork. when each leaves and when each
returns. So great is the increase in the
use of the Juvenile department In the
library that it can no longer be con
ducted on "open" pystem. Only the at
tendants will hereafter handle books
for delivery, as is done in the fiction de
partment.
Eccentric Colored Woman Exe
cnte,s Last Testament 'Sev
en Days Before Her 4 Death
Proposed Exhibit by State In
stitution at World's Fair Is
Considered by' the Trustees
DOCUMENT IS FILED
SPOKANE'S NEW BUILDING
Reports From Many Cities
on Pacific Coast Indicate In
creased and Growing Interest
.Will of "Mammy" Pleasant Is
. a Kecognition of Kindness of
tlie Lawyer and His Family
Suggest the Construction of Boulevards to Golden Gate Park.
• Well-Known Architect Volunteers His Services- and Eminent
Sculptors May Be Induced to Lend the City a Helping- Hand
LIBRARY WORK
IS PROSPERING
LEAVES ESTATE
TO SHERWOODS
REPRESENTATIVE CITIZENS DISCUSS
PLANS TO BEAUTIFY SAN FRANCISCO
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALLi -SATURDAY, JANUARY . 16,v 190*.
16
TTAT.T!»ft ' | 7TAT.-P!>3. "' "
Flannelette Wrappers 79c
Not one of them worth less than $1.25.
New, dressy and .well made— rijiht up to the mark in every wav even
to the fullness of the skirts. Wrappers, too, remarkable for their fit and
proportions, even if they are at a saving. All made, with . new bishoo
sleeves, deep flounces; most of them have braid trimming, ruffles and
yokes; all are in thebest colors.
Other wrappers are spread out to-day. . :\ . : .\-
95 C Dark Flannelette, wide ektrt flounces, standing collars, bishop sleeves, yoke Jn
the back, fancy yoke In front, cd*ed with ruffles, trimmed with braid.
|1,25 Dark Flannelette, with fitted vest lining, skirt with flounce trimmed with braid
niftle. • " ¦'-%.*'/;;", ' /.'
$1.75 — Klmona Wrappers, yoke backs and fronts, bell sleeves, shawl cellars.
$1.05 — Heavy Dressy Flannel 'Wrappers, yoked, edged with ruffles of foods to match:
trimmed with braid. ________—,—^_ —— __ -
New Drop Veils Satin Taffeta Ribbons
(just in by express.) Wider than ever.
50c and 75c ; -^ Better than ever
They're the popular mesh veils rt *v!
women are so anxious for now — tnan ever.
plain but for the chenille dots.
Sometimes they are in rows on the 15C YaFCl
slant, sometimes as borders. It's A No ( y in(^ ) ribbon wJth '
hese bordered ones draped around finc finish . It looks like a 30c one
S% e 1 R f- u * he f hat t hat . elv , c J and in a fine line of colors-not a
that stylish effect. 1*4 yards lone; shade
black, navy and brown. It > s the " kind of an offer that does
not come often and when it does it
Toilet Articles docs not last lon R-
Many will be thinking of to- — —
da y- I Children's Stockings
A Dandruff Cure, Hale's "Spe- Xext thought Hale's
cial." It . does its work. too. 4*c £ ext tn o u g nt « al e S-
DOtt l e> Here where the good stock-
Bay Rum, 15c. Strong quality, fngs , are— good values, too.
large bottle. . Three special ones to-day.
Pinauds Loria Face Powder. r J
lar^e box 25c. . . . 16 2-1C Value 2ZC.
Velva Combination Toilet. Mam- cuate*** and misses' #*tr* an. w
cure and Complexion Soap. 15c Maco cotton stocking; biacx, fun fainioned
cake> • • feet; 6% to 10.
tvi » r*~Tf c:fi*«H- I 5 C: V a ? ue 20C -
iVien S VJOll OnirtS Children's Seamless Stocklnxs black. v«ty
•$1.00 Ones at 75c JST T fc»Sr«; l S t &. tat * he ' ls Md toe *
'pi madras cheviots and ox- 8 }& Infants": Value 15c.
fords; in medium, light and omy about 100 pair, and cniy m .i«. 4.
dark effects ; quite a variety of ** *** »%• they ar« nkeiy tu« sizes
'. M . ,. J most mothers will want. Fine Maco cotton.
patterns, stripes and figures, black: seamless.
Aii • . , _ How many pairs?
All sizes yet, 14 to 17.
Men's sox I2j^c, worth 20c. Blacks
• a "d tans; fine French lisle with French Mixed Candies
silk finish; all sizes, 0% to'11%. fl _
25c Ib
Creams and chocolates, hand
jg ft .—^^ Cream panoche with walnuts. 25c
•^ -» 1"^^ pound.
iwA-R.-gg BROS.
Clearance Sale of
..Winter Underwear..
For Women and Children
Prices cut from one-third to one-
half their regular values.
25c Women's Fleece Lined Vests
-in cream. Special to- Jfl A
day /ifC I
65c Women's Fleece Lined Vests,
extra heavy quality, spe- AHn
. cial to-day fC/O
I 75c Women's Mixed Wool Vests,
pants io maiifi, colors pink,
bluv or. gray. Special Cn n
¦ to-day. OUC
$1.00 Women's Vests, lisle and
wool mixed, colors gray or
white, pants to match. 7[Z n
Special to-day ... .....' u °
$1.25 Women's All-Wool Vests,
pants and tights to match, QtZn \
all colors, special to-day *J\Jl*
CHILDREN'S VESTS 19c \
-IQn Clearance Sale , Price , for. ;
I if L children's Form Fitting
Vests, pants to match, sizes 18 to
26. Good 35c values.
75c Children's Wool Vests, ponts
io match, special to-day En -
only .... ...:........ •'<'<'
I CHILDREN'S SCHOOL I
HOSE 10c
Bought , by chance, 1000 dozen
Children's Bicycle and Narrow
Ribbed Hose, 1 double heel, toe
and knee. A splendid 1/) n
20c quality. Spec, to-day ' u .y
Big Bargains in Women's
: Oneita Union Suits t,
65c Women's Fleece Lined a fi n '¦
Union Suits at... ...... " u ?
51.00 Women's Extra Heavy J ft-
: Quality; Union Suits at . ..' ut *
$1.25 and $1.50 Women's Mixed
: a r n 95cnnd$mo :
$2 and $235 -Women's All Wool
Union Suits, special -at .
$1 45 and $1.70 )
' - Oreen Trading 1 . Stamps Witli All '¦
Purcliasef.
MARKS BROS/
: ? ; ' ' SONSST VAX.17ES
1220-1222-1224 MARKET STREET';
. Between Taylor and Jones.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Oijvtrn^nt
artdPills
' Are^.wortli . thcir ; weight Jn -' gold .to
every" sufferer ; frpm ; Dis-
.figuring Humors of > the j Skin, Scalp,
•and: Blood,, with' loss of Hair, and yet
¦ a jset, often sufficient to cure ; the se-
verest cases*, may'nbwbe had of all
druggists for One Dollar. , .
ADVERTISEMENTS. t' :i
i UiiutU
SALE OF
SHOES
BECAUSE
WE ARE
TO VACATE IN
A FEW DAYS.
GREATEST SHOE
VALUES EVER
OFFERED IN
THIS CITY.
Kast's
Removal Sale
104-110 GEARY STREET
Bros. Company"
We are again in our build-
ing at
Market and I Oth Streets
with a clean, up-to-date
stock of vehicles.
,^gS^ Every Woman
f^^Sk " tate^ d^ut i s?ioss ft tt
R'^Sx™ M«VtL Whirfing Spray
•S5S(-»^^ tion and Suction. B«tt-iUf.
1 1 fl- cannot iniivly *!»• XJj^lr "^W/'gS^ .
JIARVEL, BCfeptno V C-**!%_»
oUier. bat tend stamp for n- M*W/#2\4
butrated boo»-^»l«*.U | lT«a ¦ \\ . / wJT *
fall pnrttculnr*an<i<i!r*<-tlon<iln. W / /» ;
valuable to lartlet. M.% RVIX CO..
5OI MISSION ST.. S. F.. Cal. °*<^-^
William Hatteroth O^adlea' Dept.). .224 gutter
Union Prutt Co.,214 Kearuy A Van Nesa * Mkt.
j O»k.->o<1 Brcs ."th 4k Broadway. Oakland
Baldwin l'ha.rc:ncy ........... .......,\iv Kllia
ADVEBTISEMEN13.
Look at the Brand I
WalterBakers
Cocoa and
Chocolate
>li '-'"" "¦i'-^'-S^"-'
(^^^- ¦ • ¦ * ¦ 7
X "f, - ¦ 1 * JL..^. ... ... %\
The FINEST in the World
Costs Less than One Cent a Cup
Forty Highest Awards in Europe
and America
Walter Baker&Go.Ud.
Established 1780 Dorchester. Mass.