Continued on . Pa£C 2, Column -ft.
/'¦: PARIS, Jan. 29.— A ; dispatch received
here from San Domingo says', afier a
desperate V fight the insurgents recap
tured the town of San Pedro ; de Maco
ris-V. ; .".,. ...;V . _-'..'"¦.;. 7. [* ¦ -i':~ \
Insurgents Capture a Town.
leading from the fireplace of the For
cicn Affairs Committee room at the
House end of the Capitol. The fire was
speedl£ extinguished by the use of
the chemical apparatus without appar
ent damage to the building. No com
motion was occa5loned by the fire.
\rhich Tvas not generally known until
alter it was extinguished
• WASHINGTON'. Jan. 23.— The Wash-
Insun fire department was csUed out
at iAl o'clock this afternoon to extin
guish a blaze coming from the chimney
Washington Fire Department Is Called
Out* bat No Damage
Is Dono.
INCIPIENT BLAZE IN
Till; NATIO.VS CAPITOL
LEAVEXWORTH. Kans., Jan. 29; —
According to the findings of a court
rnarial, made public to-day. Lieuten
ant L. P. Schindel of the Sixth Caval
ry was found guilty of neglect of duty
and failure to obey orders. He is sen
tenced to forfeit $50 a month of his
pay for six months, to be confined
within the limits of the post for the
same period and to be reprimanded.'
In reviewing the case Brigadier Gen
eral Carr says the court-martial was
far too lenient.
Criticism by Army Officer Who Rc
ticwed Findinss in Case of Sixth
Cavalry Lieutenant.
GENERAL SAYS COURT
WAS lAlV TOO LEXIEXT
ST. PAUL, Minn.. Jan. 29.— Ex-
Mayor Ames of Minneapolis is a free
man. The Supreme Court to-day
quashed the indictment against him.
The entire court held that the in
dictment was faulty. Judges Start.
Collins and Lewis concurred in the
majority opinion that the offense was
not proven, while Judges. Lovely and
Brown disagree >ith that part of the
opinion^ of the majority. Dr. Ames
•was charged and convicted in the Dis
trict Court of Hennepin County of re
ceiving 'money "illegally as Mayor of
Minneapolis from women.
Central Figure of Minneapolis' Xoto- j
riuus Political Scandal Is Again
a Free Citizen.
EX-MAYOR AMES ESCAPES
BY FAULTY INDICTMENT
Movement Is on Foot in Jesuit Circles
' to. I-Iolda'Colelavc'at an ' -•
Early.' Day.'
PARIS, Jan. CO.— A- dispatch to
the Raphael from Rome says the Pope
is suffering ill health due, to physical
depression and that -there 'is- talk in
Jesuit circles that 'a conclave will be
held* at an early 'date.
Max Nordau, vice president of the
Congress; of Zionists, the'correspon
dent says., denied j the report;that Dr.
Herxl, founder of the ; Zionist move
ment, was received by the Pope, al
though Dr. Herzl.had an, audience on
the subject of the new Zibn with King j
Victor , Emmanuel. This .took' place !;
last Saturdayjind' lasted - five hours. , - I
POPE SUFFERING FROM; ¦ , |
PHYSICAL DEPRESSION- 1
' * *- ' ¦ j
CHICAGO. Jan. 23. — While General
Henry Strong was hurrying from Cal
ifornia to reach the bedside of his
wife, who t.t- suffering from a stroke
of paralysis, Mrs. Strong died. Gen
eral Strong was in Santa Barbara,
Cal., when his wife, was stricken and
at once started on a special train for
Chicago. Mrs. Strong died late to
night, x
Woman Passes Away While Husband
Ilurrics to Her Bedside on a
Special Train.
5IRS. IIEXRY STRONG
DIES IX CHICAGO
ST.' PETERSBURG, Jan. 29.— An admiralwho is influen
tial in the* councils of the empire was interviewed to-day and
said; '.\ ' * >-
. '"The enormous loss which the commerce of » Japan is sus
taining as a result.of the mobilization of steamships for transport
service probably accounts for the impatience the Japanese are dis
playing over the.delay. in the Russian reply, but this reply will
foresee other than a peaceful settlement, although it is difficult to
feel certain in this respect because of the erratic course of the
* Japanese Government during the latter stages of the negotiations.
"Japan. has increased her demands' while the negotiations
- were still in progress by insisting trpon treaty recognition of Cbi
'iiese sovereignty, in Manchuria. Russia has declared her intention
not to annex Manchuria: therefore, why comply with a demand
that is tantamount to humiliating reiteration of a former volun
.-tary declaration:^: '.
."It is.iindeniable that the attitude of Japan is causing • irrita
• tion in: St. Petersburg, and that a feeling of impatience is grow
ing throughout Russia. Jt is . hard to account for Japan's persist
ent aggressiveness, but this must be attributable to the incendiary
r influence of the Japanese.|press, which is acting under foreign in
spiration. \The Japanese Government . must know it stands no
chance^ of defeating Russia, while Japan has much to lose if Russia
: isTforced back against the wall. > :.,
Japan proceed to hostilities her first object probably
would' be the cutting of the Siberian Railroad, for which pur-
Aggressive Policy of the Mikado
f Annoys the Muscovites.
Russian steamer Argun, on
which they traveled from
Nagasaki to Dalmy. zivs
fired at by Japanese warships
outside Chemulpo. They de
clared'-'that three shots zvcrc.
fired • across 'the ¦ steamer's
bozc. The captain of the
Argun voivcd that he zi'ould
not stop, but finally yielded
to the prayers of the passen
gers) frantic zuith
fear. 'The '\. correspondent
docs-not indicate • ichatthe
Japanese did aftcrzvard, only
adding that there was no
further attempt, to stop 'the
stca 111 cr, zvh ich proceeded to
Dalmy, where she arrived
last.Tucsdax. • . •
J ON DON, Jan.- 30.-^
Lt A dispatch to' the Daily
Mail from Chefu, China,
says that foreigners who
passed- through that place
Friday : asserted^ thai the
Special Cablegram to The Call and New
York Herald. .Copyright, 1304, by. the
New York Herald Publishing Company.
SAYS WARSHIPS
OPENED FIRE ON
RUSSIAN CRAFT
Micl»a<i Grax-I Claims That the
..' Widow of Hi* Brother Trifled
With His Affections.
SAN JOSK, Jan. 29.— Because she re- j
fused to keep her promise to marry
him Michael Grassi to-day began a suit
iii the Superior Court against Mrs. Gia-
Cfzrf] Crassi to recover $1000 damages.
The plaintiff, is a brother-in-law of the
iofendant. A couple of years ago Mrs.
GrassTs husband died, and the com
plaint alleges that on October 29 last
she wrote to her late husband's broth
er. Cvho was then a resident of New
York, and proposed marriage to him.
The woman is possessed of a snug little
rVtatc, and Grassi lost.no time in ac
cepting* the offer. He came to San
Jose a few weeks ago. and to his mor
tification and chagrin Mrs. Grass! re
fused to marry him. Friends of the
woman -stated she was not pleased with
b-'it appearance and was disappointed
with tfre fact that he had exhausted
his finances in paying his fare to Cali
fornia-
Crass! :s ten years the senior of the
defendant. r>e!r.g 50 years of age. .Mrs.
Crasci has a home at 911 Locust street.
this city, and is also safd to own a
ranch .in Ventura Ccujny. She has
other jpror>erty and money in bank.
Plaintiff alleges that by her refusal to
rdkrry J;'m he has suffered damage to
the extent of JI000.
CUES SISTER-IN-LAW
: FOR BREACH OF PROMISE
Joaquin Valdez, Perez y Soto and
other enemies of Marroquin have been
imprisoned for alleged conspiracy.
People arriving here from Colombia
declare the situation in that country is
growing worse every day.
Colombian newspapers are complain
ing that it costs more than 515,000.000
in paper money (a Colombian dollar is
worth- about seven-tenths of an Ameri
can cent) to move the troops Colombia
has to-day at Tumati, on the Gulf of
Darien, from Cartagena to that point.
These rfen are estimated at from 2000
to 4000, and at one time they were well
supplied with provisions.
PANAMA, Jan. 29.— News has been
received here from Bogota that inas
much as Generals Reyes and Cavallero
have assured Colombia that the United
States will only object to her landing
forces in the canal zone, the Colombian
Government intends to organize and
send an expedition against Panama.
•The only explanation of this news
from Bogota is that the. Government of
Colombia is compelled to take some
steps to prevent its downfall. This is
said to be imminent, as President Mar
roquin has lost all the prestige he ever
had. There is much speculation in Bo
gota as to the outcome of this move,
should it be put through.
Government Proposes to Send an Ex
pedition Against Panama.
COLOMBIANS ARE ACTIVE.
LOUISVILLE. Ky., Jan. 29. — By his
jtsill, made public to-day, Captain
Daniel G. Parr, w ho died here recent
ly aged 79 years, leaves immediately
$400,000 in personalty and. after the
death of his last grandchild, $4 50,000
in realty, or his entire estate, toward
the establishment and maintenance of
"Parr's Rest," a refuge for old and
infirm women- Captain Parr refrain
ed from making a will until a short
time ago, when, after seeing an aged
woman poorly clad and sick, he re
marked. "A refuge which would make
unnecessary such suffering as that
womanjs would be worth half a hun
dred Carnegie libraries." Captain
Parr's legal heirs will probably con
test the will.
Will of a Wealthy Louisville Citizen
Bequeaths Half a Million for a
Hospital.
PROVIDIIS A REFUGE
FOR INFIRM WOMEN
RUSSIAN ; HARBOR - OF VXiADI- .*'
VOSTOK.. WHICH WILL. 7.FIG- %
URE IX THE EVENT OF WAR,
J ON DON, Jan. 30 —
JL* There was a zcar scare,
to-day, based, ,'on Russia's
reported decision . not . to
yield' to an \\oj : the Japanese
demands regarding Man
churn:.. This, if true, marks
an important change in 4 Rus
sia's attitude during the past \
three or four days. It is,'
however, repeated in reliable
reports, that Russia is prc- t
pared to make' all necessary
concessions regarding Korea.
If to-day's ominous reports
arc well founded^ the ex
planation must be the vacil
lation of the Emperor .of
Russia under pressurc,which
is undoubtedly great. The
rumors of a : possible clash
received emphatic denial at
the Japanese legation, i It is
untrue, for instance/ that
Russia struck outthe zuords
"China and" from the draft,
of the treaty -.submitted b\
Japan setting forth the in
tegrity of the Chinese and
Korean .sovereignty. More
over, it is flatly stated b\ the
same authority that in any
event war is not imminent.-
Special Dispatch to The Call
WAR IS REMOTE,
THE MIKADO'S
OFFICIALS SAY
TOPEKA. Kans., Jan. 29.— Kansas Is
the storm center for a freight rate war
in grain, and within the next fortnight
it is likely that the State will be thor
oughly drained of the 20.000,000. bushels
of wheat which are supposed to be still
held by the farmers.
The Santa Fe has announced a cut of
5 cents per hundred in the rate on
grain from interior Kansas points to
Galveston by the direct route. This
means j r Jla^ : _jhe grain willing! he sent
around by - \ray. of- Kaunas City, but
will move direct from Kansas over the
Gulf, Colorado and Santa Feto the
gulf port.
It is expected that 'the other roads
will meet the Santa Fe's cut for gulf
business, and the probability is that the
Eastern roads which depend for their
business on the haul to Minneapolis.
Chicago or Eastern ports will make a
cut in the rates to turn some of the
business in that direction, instead of
allowing it to all slip away by the gulf.
In addition to the cut mede by the San
ta Fe, the Rock Island and the Mis
souri Pacific have given notice of a re
duction of " cents in the rates to the
gulf via Kansas City.
The rate war 'affecjjf the grain dis
trict extending from the Dakotas to
Oklahoma, but the reduction of present
rates from interior points does not ex
tend farther south than the Kansas
Slate line on the south. It is thought
that the lines interested will get to
gether within two weeks and adjust
the rate situation. .
As soon as the Indians heard this I
rain of bullets they immediately began j
retreating toward the shore. The gun- j
ners were given express" orders not to
iifjure the Indians, so the bullets cut
the air and churned up the water all
around them. No shots were fired at j
the Bancroft, which at once sailed for |
Colon to bring In the report of the oc
currence.
Last Thursday men from one of the }
Bancroft's boats Insisted upon purchas- i
ing a few cocoanuts from the Indians
and paid more than full value for them, j
Toward 11 o'clock that night, when it !
r.aa dark, twenty canoes "were seen-ap- {
preaching the Bancroft. The gunboat
turned her searchlights on the canoes,
arnd it was revealed that each boat car
ried as many Indians as could crowd
in. probably 200 in all. All the men
were armed with bows and arrows,
guns of quaint old patterns and other
weapons. Their faces were besmeared
with paint. There is no doubt that
their intentions, were hostile. They i
hoped to reach and surprise the ship.
The commander of the Bancroft or- \
dered the gunboat cleared for action, j
and her guns were loaded and trimmed i
ready for use. A quick-firing Colt gun j
was placed near the gangway and or- ¦
ders were given to the gunners of this j
piece to keep a ceaseless fire all around
the canoes. '
COLON. Jan. 29.— The United States
gunboat Bancroft arrived here to-day
from the San Bias coast. She reports
the attitude of the San Bias Indians at
Caledonia Bay to be not only unfriend
ly, but decidedly aggressive.
.-racial Pitr&tch *.o The Call.
PEXDLETON, Or., Jan. 2?.— That the
Government proposes to follow the Ore
gon land frauds into high places and
low was demonstrated here to-day
Avh?tj -ihe United States District Attor
ney, with a United States Marshal, ar
tcsted County Judge Ilartman, Charles
Cunningham, a millionaire sheep king;
J. H. Parkes. a notary public, and eight
other persons for perjury and conspir
acy-to t*efratt4:the-tiovT-rnment out of
la,nd«:
\Vh«-n Asa Thomson, receiver of the
I-a Crande land office, was on trial re
crp.tly fur bribery, many witnesses tes
tified incidentally thai they had, proved
Oil* on homesteads on which they had
never l.ived and which in some cases
they Sled never seen. The presiding
Judge remarked that it was deplorable
for any Judge to have to sit and iisten
to such testimony. Since then special
siyents of ihe Government have been
at wo;k obtaining proofs of these re
ported fraud?. The arrests to-day sig
nalized the completion of this work-
Judge Hartmaa is well known
throughout the- State. He is charged
w ith certifying to testimony which he
knew to be false. Parkes is accused of
making out papers when he knew the
subject matter was unkt:3wn to the
pcrsoas swearing to it. Cunningham,
who owns many thousands of acres of
land. th«- title to which will now be at
tacked, is charged with inducing the
others t-j take up homesteads and then
f rauduli ntly transferring them to him.
The other defendants are accused of
,. making false entries. The prisoners
, wire released on $2009 Mil apiece.
Bullets From One of the Bancroft's
Rapid-Fire Guns Scatter Canoes
of Belligerents.
Sensational Action Is Taken in Pendle
• ton es a Result of the Inquiry
of Special Agents.
Twenty Million Bushels Said to Be
Held by the Farmers Are to
Be Hurried Southward.
Santa Fe Company Plans
to Capture the Grain
ol a State.
Millionaire and Ten Other
Men Charged With
Land Fraud.
Decks Are Cleared for Ac
tion at Night Near
San Bias. .
Cut in Freight Rates
Stirs Excitement -
in Kansas.
Government Officials
Make Arrests in
Orep,
United States Vessel
Surrounded by
Savages.
SHEEP KING
AMONG THE
ACCUSED
RAILROADS
WILL WAR
FOR WHEAT
GUNBOAT
OPENS FIRE
ON INDIANS
WASHINGTON, Jan. 29.'»The Associated Press has the authority of the British Embassqdqi -at I St. Petersburg for the announcement that the Russian reply, which it is
expected will be delivered to-morrow, is satisfactory. Although no further details are obtainable, it \\is\ assumed, if the information of the Embassador is correct, that "Russia has
made certain concessions and that Great Britain will prevail upon Japan to accept them as satisfactory. The statement of the British Embassador went from St. Petersburg to
the 'British Legation in Tokio, where Mr. Griscom heard of it and cabled the news to the State Department, the cablegram arriving overnight
GREAT BRITAIN'S AMBASSADOR AT THE CAPITAL OF THE CZAR
DECLARES THE REPL Y TO JAPAN IS TO NED TO AVERT A WAR
VOLUME XCV--XO. 61.
Forecast mad* at Ean Pran
cisco for thirty hour* enflissr
nidnirit. January 30:
San Prancisco and vicinity—
Tz.it Saturday, with increasing:
cloudiness; lipht northeast
winds. A. G. KcASIE,
District rcrecaster.
THE WEATHER.
The San Francisco Call.
THE TBXATISS.
. Alc«ar— The Ma*quer*der»."
California— "The Eternal City."
Central — "Quo Vadls."
. Ciatss — Vaudeville.
¦ Colombia — "A . <mia«s* Hemey
- moon." v. •" •*-¦*'"¦
Piscier'*— "The Be&uty Shop."
Grand — "David Harmn."
Lyric Hall— Kivel» Soyal Ital
ian Band. ' -
. Orphenm — Vaudeville.
- TlToll— "When Johnny Cornea
Karchina* Home."
Matinee* at All Theaters To-
I . Say.
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, JANUARY 30, 1904.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.DEATH HOVERS OVER !
SISTER OF \V. J. BRYAN
E. Raas, Silberstein & Brick and P.
Greenberg & Co., creditors of Maurice
Leger, filed a petition yesterday in
the United States District Court ask
ing that Leger, who is a merchant in
this city, ,be declared an involuntary
bankrupt. The petition recites tttat
Lecer, with intent to'hinder and de
fraud his creditors, assigned his stock
and fixtures to; Pascal Bellegarde, one
of hl3 creditors, on January 23, and
that, with similar intent- to defraud
his creditors, ho transferred his real
estate to Pauline Legrer. .
Involuntary Bankrupt.
GRASS VALLEY, Jan. 29.— William
Bovey, one of the proprietors of the
Gras3 Valley Transfer Company, met
with an accident here to-day which
may prove fatal. He fell from a trans
fer wagon, striking the back of his
head on the pavement. He ¦ . was
picked up in an unconscious condition
and taken home. The doctors say he
has concussion of the brain and that
he is in a critical' condition. Bovey
was married last week to _a San Fran
cisco {firl and had returned only a .few
days ago from his wedding trip.
Fall From Wnjjon 3Iay Prove Fatal.
French Armored Cruiser Sails.
TOULOUSE, France, Jan. 2^. — The
French armored cruiser Sully, whose
departure for the Far East has been
delayed for some time, left here to
night for China.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Jan. 29.— The
preliminary examination of Walter
Maguire, who is suspected of having
stolen Wells, Fargo & Co.'s box from
a Southern Pacific train, was resumed
.to-day, and the testimony .of several
trainmen'and detectives was taken. No
direct evidence connecting 1 the suspect
with the robbery was produced, and the
!case went over for further hearing to
morrow.
. . The defense will probably occupy
most* of the day to-morrow,' as it has
many witnesses subpenaed. Chief De
tective Crowley of the Southern* Pacific
has been Rubpenaed from" San. Fran
cisco, and Conductor George Lewin,
Engineer, Marshall and Fireman Ray
mond will bo called, it is presumed, in
'an .'attempt to prove that thesuspect
was In Santa Barbara o~h the. night *of
the robbery. Attorney Campbell's claim
of an alibi, however, lg believed to be a*
bluff.
Prosecution Thus Far Fails to Connect
Suspect With Train Robbery.;
EVIDENCE IS NOT DIRECT.
Harry Egbert, alias Jack Frost, ex
convict, burglar and murderer, was
hanged for the killing of John G. Sax
tori and his companion, John West, in
the Wild Horse Valley, in Southwestern
Oregon, October \ K 1903. Saxton was a
well-known attorney of Burns, Or., and
for the time being a deputy sheriff.
Saxton and VWest had been pursuing
Egbert for several days to, arrest him
for a burglary committed at Drain, Or.,
when they came upon him at Field's
ranch. As. Saxton 'and West went ¦ to
the house Egbert ; commenced ¦ shooting
and mortally wounded West at the first
.fire. Shortly afterward; Saxton exposed
himself to Egbert's lire and was himself
shot .'down. Egbert < escaped throush
Nevada to , Ro'ckland, ~ Idaho, and was
captured . there three weeks later. He
was brought back to Burns, where he
was tried and convicted of murder.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 29. — Mrs.
Roosevelt gave another muslcale at
the White House to-night, to which
a very, large company was invited.
The programme was entirely of an in
strumental character, with Ferruccio
Busoni^ as pianist/ The invited guests
included the Cabinet, Senators and
Representatives in Congress and a
large .number of city and out-of-town
pople. Before the musicale the Pres
ident and Mrs. Iloosevelt entertained
a' number 'of guests at dinner. " .
NOTABLES ENTERTAINED
AT THE WHITE HOUSE
Ernest Samuel, a millwright, 35
years of age. died suddenly yesterday
morning at hi3 residence. 253A Ship
ley street. Death was evidently due
to natural causes.
Ernest Samuel Dies Suddenly.
At 11 o'clock to-night a special
train will leave Point Richmond for
Fresno, carrying 125 members of the
councils of San Francisco and Oak
land of the Knights of Columbus.
They will institute a new council, with
sixty charter members. In Fresno' on
Sunday. The excursionists will be met
at Fresno by a special from Los An
geles bringing the members of the
councils in that city and Oxnard, who
will assist in the ceremony of insti
tution and Installation, which will be
conducted by State Deputy. Joseph
Scott.
Knights of Columbus.
Death of a Cnlaveras County Pioneer.
SAN ANDREAS. Jan. 23. — J. II.
Scharnikow, a pioneer of Calaveras
County, died here to-day. He will be
buried Sunday by the local Odd Pel
lows* lodge. He was a miner and
stockman and aged 68 years.
SALEM, Or., Jan. 29.— Harry D. Eg
bert, who murdered John G. Saxton and
John West in Harney County last Octo
ber, was hanged tiere to-day. Egbert
made a brief speech while on the scaf
fold. \ . J:
"My friends," he said, "you see me a
condemned man! Take me as a mark,
keep your. children off the street and,
above all, out of the saloons. Bad rais
ing and bad company is direct
cause of my downfall. I have repented
my sins."
CHICAGO. Jan. 29.— Very Rev. A.
Corcoran of Chicago, provincial of tha
Order of St. Vlateur, died to-day at
Phoenix, Ariz. He was born in Row
don, Canada, 4S years ago. Interment
will take place at Bourbonnals, 111.
Weil-Known Divine Is Dead.
MAKES SPEECH
ON SCAFFOLD
islaus; Margaret Schillings. Amador: Fannie
Hite Scott, Napa; Peebles Shoaff. Santa Clara;
M Pearle Sooy. Nevada: Edith Sprajjue, Ala
meda: Anah Krederica Starkey. Tulare; .0. F.
Staton, Sonoma: Hugh B. Stewart, Humboldt;
K. A. Stiles. Fresno; S. W. Shafer. Sierra;
Gertrude Thompson, Humboldt; Xellie M. Tlm
mons, Simkiyou: Clare M. Tinney. El Dorado;
Kdward Van Vranken. San Joaquin: M. Edna
V.'alk-r, Los Anereles; Sybil Walker. Hum
boldt; Mabel Wallace, Fresmo; Minnie J.
Weber. Bum?; Emma Weed. Butte: Mrs.
Georgia A. Wlard, .San Diego; Mary M. Whyte,
Stanislaus : Hermlne V. Wiebcke, Monterey;
Kesfie ' OUderwood VVriKht, Sonoma; Myrtle
M. Young. Humboldt.
Special life diplomas — Grace E. Everett, . Ne
vada.
Drawing— Ltzzle E. Batchelder, Los An
selcs.
Duplicate life diploma (crammar jrrade) — ,
Mr*. L. Caru* Faubel, Butte (original granted'
February 3, 1S93).
Special high school credentials "were
granted to the following:
£. .*.!. Abbott. Frank Y. Adams. San Jcae;
Gertrud? Anthony, Palo Alto: -Margaret G.
Borthwlck. Ontario: John W. Byers, San Ra
fael; Mrrlle Collins, Pomona; J. II. Dyein-
Ker, J. '/.. Gilbert. K. L,. H. HUllktr. Los An
sele*»; II. A. Firtcld. Oakland; A. G. Grant.
Kortuna; M. S. Hampton. College Park; Her
bert KittredKt, Arcata: Maria K. McCollough,
Kullcrton: W. D. Roarer, Oakland: P. W.
Ron, Los Angel«; Kllen F. Thompson, Pasa
dena; Katherlne E. Vale, San Jose; Charles'A.
Wheat, Alhambra.
tially wrecked. *
From the stories of the survivors of
the explosion it is Jearned that a
dozen patrons of the hotel were sit
ting at the tables drinking and play
ing cards when an odor of gas pene
trated the room. Madame Martin,
wife of the proprietor of the hotel,
lighted a candle and started for the
kitchen to investigate. As she opened
the, door a terrific explosion occurred.
When the body of Madame Martin
was found it*was almost decapitated.
Her father, husband and daughter
also were instantly killed. The body
of, one of the patrons was "hurled
across the street by the force of ttse
explosion. : T$S5&?&iBBgf
ROGNONAS, France, Jan. 29.— Six
persons were killed and fourteen were
injured as', a result of an explosion of
gas in the .cafe of the Hotel de France
last evening. The hotel was par-
EXPLOSION IN A CAFE
KILLS SIX PERSONS
There are a number of places where
such attempt could be made here more
easily than in the north, and the/ Owl
going in both directions, as well as the
eastbound overland trains both cross
this territory by night. It is reported
that some people expecting friends to
come have wired them warning against
traveling at night.
Superintendent Burckhalter is reticent
regarding the entire, matter, although
he admits that guards have been posted
along the line on the northern end of
the division as a precaution. ever since
the Owl was wrecked at Volta, • There
are.no special detectives here, so far
as known, and no excitement prevails.
No sign of any attempt at violence has
been found. ',
BAKERSFIELD, Jan. 29.— Despite the
fact that officers here expressed little
fear that any actual attempt would be
made to wreck the Southern Pacific, as
threatened by the letters received by
the president of that company, watch is
being kept on all suspicious characters
here. Sheriff Kelly and Detective Mead
of the railroad company are giving the
matter some attention, for, although all
the threats made have emanated from
other points, there is a possibility that
while watch is. being kept at the north
ern end the plotters might transfer
their operations^ to the south and at
tempt their dastardly work on«some
train crossing the Tehachapi at night.
Kvei'jv Precaution Is "Being Taken by
Railroad to Prevent a Wreck;.
TRACKS ARE GUARDED.
LOS AXGELES. Jan. 29. — The drag
net which the. Southern Pacific detec
tives and peace officers generally in the
central portion of the State have cast
for the purpose of apprehending the
conspirators who have been trying to
blackmail the Southern Pacific by
threatening to wreck trains has
reached Los Angeles. The detectives
here have been placed at work to
round u:> all known ex-convicts who
were recently released and 'who may
be considered capable of originating
or participating in such a plot.
A request was received to-day from
the north asking that .a certain sus
pect, who was only recently released
from the Folsom penitentiary, be ap
prehended or preferably watched un
til more can be ascertained ab6ut him
and h's recent movements! Incident
ally it is asked that all ex-convicts re
cently released be looked up and made
to give an account of themselves. The
name of the particular suspect about
whom the railroad detectives want all
the information obtainable has not
been made public for obvious reasons.
Accompanying this request are the
names of men who* might be implica
ted in just such a plot and who are
known to be at liberty and still in the
State. ?¦ /
From the text of the request that
Los Angeles Officers Are Asked to
Round Up All Ex-Convicts.
DRAGXET IS EXTENDED.
PARIS, Jan. 29.— It is understood that
the conferences between Foreign Min
ister Lamsdorf and M. Kurino, the
Japanese Minister at St. Petersburg,
have permitted the latter to advise his
government concerning the position
Russia is likely to take in the forth
coming answer, but the officials here
say this was merely an intermediary
step toward adjusting the remaining
differences, as" the answer is subject
to change unofficially communicated. It
is further said that Russia will not
answer until she feels reasonably as
sured that her. answer will .not have
the effect of precipitating hostilities.
The officials here are gratified at an
apparently authoritatrve statement that
Japan does not intend to fortify the
Straits of Korea. Thfcy say it will- re
move one of the main obstacles, as the
most recent negotiations showed that
Russia was unalterably opposed to the
creation of any condition in Korea
which would lead to closing that outlet
from the Se^a of Japan.
A strong Intimation has been made
that the maritime nations of Europe
and the United States would have
taken up the question unless this
declaration had been made.
RUSS/A WANTS PEACE.
The deceased was a prominent Ma
son and Odd Fellow and an earnest
worker in the Presbyterian church.
About ten years ago he removed to Pa
cific Grove, where he conducted a real
estate and insurance office. Mr. Briggs
was a Sabbath school superintendent
for more than thirty years and a School
Trustee for twenty-seven years, and
always took :.n active interest in the
moral and intellectual movements of
the community. He leaves a wife and
three children— Mrs. ,M. Benn of Gilroy,
H. M. Briggs of Los Banos and Walter
F. Briggs. who resides in the south
ern part of the State. The remains
will be brought to Gllroy for interment
on Sunday afternoon.
GILROY. Jan. 29.— Judge H. W.
Briggs died this morning at his home
in Pacific Grove. He was stricken with
apoplexy Wednesday night and never
regained consciousness.
Judge Briggs was born In Rome, N.
Y., August 25, 1819. and received his
education in the schools of that State.
He tausht school in Tennessee, and
later removed to Troy, Iowa, where he
was appointed Postmaster and later
County Judge. He came to California
in 1S59, and purchased a tract of land
at Berryessa. near San Jose. In No
vember, I860, he wes elected to the
State Legislature, and at the close of
the session was appointed Register of
the United States Land Office at Visa
lia. He also conducted a n.. -ntile
business and edited the Visalia Delta.
In 186S he removed to Gllroy. where he
took charge of the mercantile business
of J. M. Brown, which he later pur
chased. He was appointed Postmaster
of Gilrcry and held that office for eight
years.
SALINAS, Jan. 29.— Mrs. M. Brumwell,
mother of Dr. D. .Brumwell, died at her
home in King 1 City Thursday night
from Ihbi effects of burns on the body.
The unfortunate woman was carrying
a' lighted lamp on Wednesday evening,
whfen it either 'exploded or dropped from
her hand, setting flre to her clothing.
Her screams attracted the attention of
others in the house, but she reAived
fatal injuries before they could reach
Los Angeles officers co-operate in. the
work it appears that the railroad com
pany had warning of the recent wreck
at Volta, and believing that the warn
ing was from some crank no attention
was paid to it. It was only after the
wreck occurred, that the railroad offi
cials waked up and began to realize
their" real danger.
The attempt to extort money from
the company has had no appreciable
effect upon passenger traffic and the
officials of the company here state
that they are selling as many passen
ger tickets as usual.
Dies From the Effects of Burns.
AGED PIONEER
DIES AFTER A
SHORT ILLNESS
While the nurse was away from the
ward for a few moments this morning
Swartz returned and obtained Giles*
signature. The nurse returned just in
time to see Swartz taking the pen
from the old man's hand and imme
diately reported to Dr. McAllister.
Swartz was then taken before the
commandant of the home, Colonel
George W. .Walts, to whom the trans
action was related. Swartz refused to
exhibit the paper, which Giles had
signed. He claims that certain min
ing property owned by Giles was as
sessed t and that to relieve Giles from
the assessment he had induced him to
sign a paper. Friends of Giles have
been notified of the transfer of the
property. .
Dr.' McAllister states that Giles is
and has been since his admission to
the hospital of weak mind and totally
incompetent to transact business re
quiring normal intelligence*
YOUNTVILLE, Jan. 29.— The of
ficers of the Veterans' Home at Yount
ville believe that Louis Swartz has
obtained by questionable means the
transfer of valuable mining property
to himself from George W. Giles, a
patient in the hospital. Swartz visited
the hospital Thursday evening, asked
an employe where Giles could be
found and upon ' being shown to the
south ward endeavored to prevail
upon Giles to affix his signature to a
paper conveying certain mining prop
erty rights. The employe to whom
Swartz had spoken reported the mat
ter to Dr. W. F. McAllister, . who im
mediately informed Swartz that Giles
was an incompetent and not qualified
to perform any act relating to the
transfer of property. Swartz then
went away, saying he was disappoint
ed, but that under the circumstances
he did not desire to 'obtain the signa
ture.
When Lum finally dropped back un
conscious the murderous trio dropped
their weapons and fled. Many Chinese
saw them go, but they had disappeared
before the alarm was given. Then Ser
geant Christensen, his squad, Detective
McMahon and Policemen V. N. Baku
lich and J. Amend hurried to the scene.
The injured man was sent to the Re
ceiving Hospital, where it was found
that the cleaver had cut three severe
gashes in his skull and that his right
lung had been punctured twice by the
dagger. There" were also many minor
cuts and bruises.- There is little hope
for the injured man's recovery. The
physicians wonder that he did not die
af once." The crime has caused a wave
of terror to sweep over Chinatown. The
combination of two powerful fighting
organizations against a third insures a
long and obstinate battle, and it is un
derstood that an effort will be made to
crush the Hop Sing tong in this city.
Patrolmen Tillman and Hinrichs raid
ed the premises at 629 Howard street
last night, supposed to be a rendezvous
for highbinders, and placed nine China
men under arrest. They were taken
to the City Prison and placed upon the
detinue book pending an investigation
by the police.
Only a few hours passed before the
,Wa Ting tong exacted vengeance. At
5 o'clock in the afternoon three high
binders made their way fo the top floor
of a three-story building at 754 Wash
ington street, where dwelt one Muck
Lum, ex-actor and prominent in Hop
Sing circles. They forced the door and
surprised their Intended victim as he
lay on an opium bunk with a compan
ion, Chan Dung. The possibility of po
lice scouting about the neighborhood
and cutting off their escape should a
pistol be discharged caused them to
choose other weapons. While one of
the men carried a revolver under his
blouse, the other two were armed with
wicked looking cleavers and daggers.
The smaller of the three men thrust
a revolver in Chan Dung's face while
the other two hired asassins attacked
Muck Lum. Tlje mrfrked man begged
for his life, but while one thug dealt
him blow after blow with the cleaver
his mate wielded a long dagger, plung
ing it downward again and again into
the breast of their. victim.
Three powerful Chinese societies have
clashed in Chinatown, and hostilities
were marked by two tragedies yester
day. Early in the morning a running
fight among highbinders occurred on
the street, in which Thomas Spellman,
a watchman, was accidentally shot
and in turn wounded Ho Yow, the
heathen' who shot him. The Chinese,
disabled and bleeding, was sent to' the
hospital, and his friends late in the
afternoon avenged his injuries by
carving up one of the opposing tong
with a cleaver and a dagger. The lat
ter. Muck Lum, will probably die. j
The trouble between the Sen Suey
•Ting Tong and the Hop Sing Tong has
been of long standing. The Wa Ting
Tong then came to the assistance of
the Sen Suey Yings, and one month ago
Jew Chun, a Hop Sing man, attempt
ed to kill Ho Get of the Wa Ting Tong
and was arrested. Some difficulty arose
over the prosecution, and early yester
day morning two members of the Hop
Sing Tong started out to find Ho Yow,
one of their adversaries. Ho was lo
cated in a restaurant on Waverly place,
near Clay street; but when he caught
sight of the highbinders he bolted from
the place and started toward Washing
ton street.
A running fight with pistols follow
ed. Ho was armed, and he fired back
at the men who sent bullets in his di
rection. The chase lasted for some dis
tance, when Watchman Spellman rush
ed toward the trio and received a bul
let in the leg from the revolver in the
hands ' of Ho. Spellman then drew his
own weapon, and a second later the Wa
Ting Tong man staggered and fell to
the ground, shot through the leg. Mean
while, the two Hop Sing men dodged
into a side street and made their escape.
Policeman George Douglass and
Watchman Swift hurried to the scene
and placed Ho Yow under arrest. Both
the injured men were taken to the Har
bor Hospital, where it was found that
'their injuries are" not serious.
The statement that a gang of flve
men has been spotted, which was given
out yesterday from San Francisco,
cannot be confirmed here, and the gen
eral opinion prevails, even among sonvi
of the detectives, that the story was
sent out merely for the purpose Vof
throwing the real culprits off their
guard. ~CAW-'->\ "^-V^w ~ *•
Among the detectives here there ap
pears to be a complete difference -- of
opinion. The Pinkerton men have.sus
picion of an old-time resident of this
city, while the railroad detectives are
of the opinion that the letters are the
work of an ex-convict, for they say no
beginner in crime would concoct such
a devilish plot, j Furthermore they as
sert that if the letters were written by
a crank more of them would- have been
mailed. There are many theories and
men appear to be working on all of
them.
Where the detectives have all gone
is not known, but several of ' them
were in Madera to-day. -It- was
from Madera that the last letter was
written. The opinion prevails here
that the would-be blackmailers ¦ have
associates at Madera, and the work
there may result in some arrests <or
disclosures. • - ¦ . -
FRESNO. Jan. . 29.— Rumors by the
dozen have been in circulation here to
day regarding the railway blackmail
case, but the greater part of them were
without foundation. There has been
a general movement to some other
quarters by the officers, and to-day
there was less than a third of • the
PInkerton force in Fresno. Detective
J. M. Lake, who is in charge of the
Pinkertons, is still here, however, and
admits that the work is being directed
from here. The men have simply gone
to another field, he says, and their
withdrawal from Fresno was not be
cause the case has been abandoned,
but because it is thought their services
might be of more value somewhere
else.
Special Dispatch to The dll.
Wounded Man's Friends Wreak
Terrible Bevenge on an Ex-
Actor by Carving Him With
a Cleaver and a Long Dagger
Many of the Officers Leave
Fresno Believing That They
Can Work to 3Iuch Better
Advantage at Other. Points
FEAR VETERAN
WAS TRICKED
.The following dispatch from Lieuten
ant ¦£ue_low J .sent by .messenger via
Karibib, was received here to-day:
-"OKAHANDJA,' Jan. 20.— Am holding
Okahandja.: Occupied it January 15
with'200'men aTter heavy fighting. Am
waiting for guns' from the Habicht.
Ask; for a division of artillery. Weak
relief corps with machine gun from
Windhoek repulsed 12th and 13th. Los3
reported, eight reserves. •
"In order to establish . connections
with^ t,he, r*ear t and -bring forward mili
tary;' transports we attempted to-day
with '. Sixty men ' to reach Karibib by
rail.''};/ x^_ : s-'
'• A later dispatch, dated January 21,
says:^. : ; • -v'- - '¦ --¦ ¦•*'
"Yesterday afternoon near Kawa
tuerasane, between Waldau and Oka
sise, there was a Bharp fight. A divi
sion seventy men strong sent forward
by rail lost four dead and three slightly
wounded. T v he enemy lost twenty to
twehty-flye dead. As the bridge was de
stroyed are to send news for
Karibib through trustworthy natives.
We can hold out for some time yet."
"BERLIN, Jan. 29.— The commander of
the, German \guriboat Habicht, lying at
Swakomund, German Southwest Africa,
cables that be has*" received news from
Lieutenant Buelow, in command of the
German forces at Okahandja, that the
Kaffirs ' have effe'eted- a Junction , with
the. -HereroSr—w-ha . are., besieging that
poBt. As Okahandja was already hard
pressed the announcement has caused
concern at the Colonial Office here.
interior decorations of the house, so;
completely did Hhe burglars do their
work.,,f- ''.v.V . . ' ! VC,-x
Mr; and Mrs. Olmstead were married
last September in the East. She j Is
quite wealthy In her own right' and
they received numerous wedding pres
ents which they left in the East while
they took an extensive bridal tour.-,
They canVe'' here and purchased a, home'
in an aristocratic -section of the" city
and only recently sent for their wed-;
ding presents.
Olmstead is out of the city much of
the time and on Thursday evening, he :
being in Riverside, his wife went. -to
the house of a neighbor for dinner.
She left at 6:15 o'clock and returned at
8:30. When she entered the house she
found every room in confusion. Tables
had been overturned in a search -for]
secret drawers, closets, dressers and
trunks emptied and a thorough search
made of every place which was likely
to be used to secrete valuables. \
The burglars took everything of value
which they could carry. Olmstead said
tc-night that the silverware alone was
in such quantity that it would almost
fill four gunnysacks and ¦ besides the
silverware numerous articles of othur
kinds were stolen. The value which
Olmstead places upon the stolen prop
erty is only that at which it could be
purchased at wholesale. Not the slight
est trace of the stolen goods has been
found. The burglars entered the place
by forcing a rear window.
LOS : ANGELES,} Jan, S.^Weddlng
presents consisting of jewelry, silver-^
ware,', draperies and^brlcia-brac, -valued •
at upward- pfj tl200; fend s£ .-.bulky th&t:
a wagon was needed, to carry it away,
were • stolen ' Thursday.' night by burg- V
lars from . the'. .residence-'. at.. 725 ~W.est
Eleventh street, which Harry Olm
stead, division '^engineer of '"the . Sift
Lake Railroad, recently bought' for his.
bride. Despite, every effort oh. the. part
of the ;police k to keep 'the facts secret/
the sto'ryjeaked I out'to-nighVand Olm
stead'admlt^ci^hjit it will be* necessary
for him' to practically renew. all of the
Special Dispatch ttf TKe'CalV.
TWO POWERFUL TONGS
ANTAGONIZE HOP SINGS
"When .Russia was at the crates of
Constantinople and practically had dic
tated peace to Turkey, Great Britain
interfered, and the result was the Ber
lin congress. Is there any good reason
why Great Britain should wait for the
conclusion of war to summon a simi
lar council? Would it not be more
statesmanlike and certainly more hu
mane to summon such a council now
in order to prevent war? Would it not
be possible for the Russian Government
to sell its railways in Chinese territory
to an international syndicate, all the
powers guaranteeing the safety and the
interests of this syndicate? In that
way, it seems to us, the real rights of
Russia In Manchuria would be safe
guarded, while the apprehensions en
tertained by Japan that Russian ex
tension threatens her existence would
be permanently removed."
; LONDON. --Jan. 29.— The Japanese
Minister, Baron Hayaisht, said- to-day
with reference ta the report published
bjr} the, Dall^ Grapn;c. to the effect that
the Jiusslan reply to Japan was.com
pleted Wednesday, that It had 'been
cOTrimunicated; to M. Kurinp,. the Jap
a'nese -Minister at St. Petersburg, and
thatTt was'unfavorable;. that'Mi" Ku
rino-offlelally - notified him -that the
Council .of State:called to consider the
Russian rfeply was" only Keld ;in Stl
'Petersburigr'yeflterday, as cabled ,to the
Associated^resB. Baron Hayashl add|
ed-that the^repiy'had not yet b'e^ri sent,
t -"There- • are / no -means, therefore.','
added;'; the ; ; Japanese Minister, tJ of
knowlngT the., ebhtents^of the answer,
ftnd ?.s> toHhe probable tenor thereof I
have 'no official information/' i I
The embassy, in denying
the -Dally.jGraphic'B statement, j Bays
the received by^ihe em
basay "confirms ..the statement-" on the
subject: made Mri the Aflsbciated Press
dt ,?ii at ches\from St. Peteraburg yes
terday. :':'.(v\*Vf ¦ ¦.;¦ ¦ ••• ¦•• • : .; : ; -,
The to-day; in a long article
.ont, ;th6'r;-; Russo-Japanese situation!
makes a7striking suggestion - for the
splutiqn of the % . difficulty -.which teems
to"ftie^tthe;t;la'lm3"and contentions of
both^RjLissja- and Japan.
Af^er' commenting on the advantage
of the Chlnb-Atnerican treaty, which,
it says, if catried out would assure an
open door In Manchuria for the rest of
the world, the Statist continues as fol
lows:
IIAY^SIII MAKES DENIAll
CLOSE AVATCH BEING
KEPT OX THE TKACKS
Lieiitenant Suelow Cables That
lie Caii Hold Out a Little
¦; Longer^ butlfelp Must Come
Mua^Ptte R. Morri*. Sclano: iTObella Fran
ce* Morieon. Alameda: Nettie E. B. Morrow,
Ainaflnr: Mamie E. Mulligan, Placer; Maude
IrJne Murchie, Nevada; Kate M. Myers, Plu
rraC Annie Nellls. Humboldt; Elbcrt E.
Newell. Santa Clara: Motile E. Norton. Pla
crr: Marv E. CFlahfrty. Ft^»=no: Mrs. An
nft^« M. Osgood. Lake: Mrs. Elsie Clark Peck,
Krvsho: Mrs. Celta MrMahcn Price. Frtano;
Agnes F. Petit. Alameda: Augustus D. Phares,
Humbcldt; Teresa M. Phillips. Fiskiyou; Mat
«ie J. P3rr.?t>>t. Santa Barbara: Dorothy Pow
<-ll. San J(^ait.'in; Wlliiam Timmm Rhea, Stan-
Normal docum»r.W — Arthur M. Abbott. I>oa
Angeles; Isabel Uethuae. Uos Ai:t:< !•¦*: Ada Ii.
Hietorious. San Jose; Georte Boehncke. Ln»
Acceics; Maude M. Brown, Lios Angeies; May
liuchacan, San Jose; Mary A. Cain, Chico;
"Blanche Camcbtll, San Jose; Mary Joanna
I'arroll. San Joee; Mabel C. Daugherty, Chico;
Kllra M. Drury, San Jose; Alberta M. Ecker.
han'Jcse; Cora B. Fry. ?an Juse; Klsle Gregg,
rar.' Dle«o; Mary T. Griffith, t^an Jose; Elma
E. Coin. San Jose; Katharine Greene. San
Dteg»; Kdlth Gustin. Chico; Dorcthy M.
lloimeB, Los Angeles; Kt-ysey Hunter, Los
Angeles; O. Mee Huston. San Jos^r Winifred
Kane, t^an Jose; Isabelle Gertrude' Mansfield.
<."hioo; Edtar Hume Marbut. Chico; Eudora
Birr.es Marcen, San Jose; Mary T. McGlnnis.
Fon Jose; OJiarlea C Meyer. Los Angeles; Ida.
A. Nohrden, Jose: Alice Marie Page, San
-o«e: Annie Pennycock. Pan Jose; Lulu M.
Phillips, I>.-s Ane*>its; O. H. R.wsner, Chico;
.'."arriet 1). Rogers. San Francisco; Maufl E.
t'p*dden. Fan Jose; Effie gteinart. Los Angeles;
<^rlie L. Wagner, gan Jose; Minnie Todd
Willis. San Dieto.
Grtmnmr eohool diplomas — Alice A. Allen
6itki>Ju; Cera E. Atwood, Placer; Mr«!
Blanche Allen. Los Angeles; Reta B. Baldwin,
«-ka Joaquin ; Vlolette Barker, Santa Barbara;
A. E. Balch, Fresno; Lizzie E. Batchelder,
Ixkjn Aneelef ; Laura L. Bennett. Santa Cla.-a:
Oe.trude A. Benjamin. A'.ameda: Mrs. Lucy
K. S. Bert. Riverside; Annie E. Black, Maii
pesa; Lillian E. Braman. Sonoma: Luella M.
BuMis, Lop Angeles^ Annie M. Ford Eullock,
Alemeda; Florence Streeter Bullard, Fresno;
Elirabeth Celeste Bunker, Placer; Ida Burn.-ll,
Huwbcldt; Mary Fahy Burke. Marin ; Josephine
Ca*.'.iceiH. Msr!;»fa ; Kate Casaccla. Mariposa;
Ai:> > Catanea, Tulare; Naomi A. Canon, Sac
ramento; Blanche Oamjibell Santa Clara; Mrs
y - a ." a , f E - che '*ry. Fresno; B. L. Cleland. Men
doc.nu': Jennie L Coffman. Sonoma; La Verne
Coggwhall. Fresno; Emma Bedesen Conley.
Merced; Mrs. Jessie B. Congdon. Calaveras; j.
Hal Cope. Alameda; Ltly Augusta Craighan.
Mpriposa; Margaret Croop. M*rc«^i: Louise
<:umins. San Mateo; Kate L. Daly, San Benito:
lllisabeth Delehanty, Solano; Elsie L. Dick
eon; Humboldt; Ruth DJckenxon. Fresno; Lu
<11e E. Dicks,-n, L--«s Angela; Katie Donahue.
Santa Barbr.ra; Sara Walter Douglas, Ala
•¦neria; Hannah L. Ducray. Shasta; Man* T.
I>ar.n. . Alameda ; Mr*. Leah Kirkett Eckert.
Roi.-jms; G«>orge A. Edgar. Alameda: Eva De!l
Ednaras. Los Angeles; Elizabeth Elliot, Aia
."^eda; Mrs. Daisy L. Eversdl, Fresno; Almeda
A. Fairfield. Santa Clara; C. W. Fisher.
F;tl:er; Harriet Fraser. San Joaquin; Kate E.
Fry, Butte; Roberta C. Fulghum Humboldt;
Ssrth L. Gallagher. Calaveras; Camilla Jose
t'hme Giamboni, Alameda; Sadie E. Gibson,
lierdoeino: 1>reFA Goodman. San Luis Obi.-i>o:
Kaie A. Gosdrich. San Luis Obispo; Gertrude
Qotpthj Graham. Humboldt; Isabell Gray,
Kte<?no; Si. E. Grippen. Los Angeles; Eda
Grunig, Fresno: Minnie Grur.ig, Fresno; Tillie
Freda Grunig. Fresno; Rossina Hansen, Huia
,N3!dt; Birdpna Haun. Plumas; Lily M Hatch
1 rc!n : Marietta S. Hisgins. Alameda; Hattie
B. Hopkins. Fresno; Marj- Ellen Hubbard, San
Lufw Obisiio: Mane'.le Hunsaker. Tulare; Isabel
L Hurt. Alameda; Grace S. Hurwood, Ala
meda: Rcselie M. luglis. Sacramento; Annie
E. Jerkin. Santa Clara; Bessie M. Johnstone,
Alameda: Minnie A. Kellogg, Los Angeles;
Lottie Kclting. Luke; I.ucy Randall Knox.
Nar-a; Kilen F. Lang. Log Angeles; Leona
Lar.tz. Buttc; Jean R. Lw. Eanta Clara: Fred
H Leutzinger. El Dorado: Lucy Ardennes
ut^Sr. l*rjt Angeles; Minnie E. Lindsay, Htlm-
Ixjldt; Florence M. Lowry, Amador; R. C.
Mac-Donald. San Benito; Mrs. Laura L. Mac
. K:nzie, San Luis Obiypo; Mattie Haun Me
l:.tosh. Plumas: Henry M. Man-el. Humboldt
.John Wellington Marbut. Santa Barbara;
•iar.ic-s McMurphy, Mendocino; Dora L. Mo-
ICtiill. Mfndocino; Nellie McSwecney, Hura
bdlt; Agnts B. Meek, Sonoma; "Margaret
Xlpader. I»s Angeles; Mrs. Bertha E.. Fo«s
Miller. Sickiyou: Lillian M. Miller, Xapa:
Bvrtie Mooa, Tchama; Martha F. Morris, Santa
1 -•• !ara.
H'-ch Sofcool dip!wr.aa— Eugene Henry Baker,
Nevada; Mary Bird Clayee. Alameda: Helena
V.\ Ourti*. Alameda; Willis A. Dunn. Lo«
Angeles; Uucil* Eaves. Sa.n Diego; Mijdred C.
Fortjthe. fan Diego: J. 51. Horton. Humboldt;
George R. Kleebcrger. Tulare; Herman Krae
m*r. Fresr.o; T. A. L*wts. Fresno; liary G.
Maxwell Xaj>a; E. L, Slltchel. Ixjs Angeles;
A. »". OIney. Fresno; Jchn Overhclser. Lake;
tixlton M. Hitter. t>an Joaquin; Walter A-
StaEcrd. Santa Barbara; L^-wis It. Tarr. San
Piego; Ra« G. Van O.eve. I>cs Angeies; Lucy
Helen* Hamilton Waters. Alameda; Roy Jack
ton Young, Aiamcda. .
I'nlversity documents— Glenn Lorinr Allen,
Tehema.; Annie Florence Brown. Alameda;
Adrlerme Corf, Glenn; Emma Fielding Daniel,
tian Dleco; Grace Eethcr Dibble. Alameda;
Ur*ee Belle fSdson. fanta Harbara; Elizabeth
E." I*edsett. Alanwda; Elizabeth D. McMillan.
Alameda; A. E. Monteith. .Santa Barbara;
Mr jde Harriet Powell. Alaroeda: May lyiulse
Fc!lar.<ier, Alameda; Eucer.ie Louise Shaw,
Vclo.
SACHAMENTO, Jan. 29.— The State
Doard of Education met here to-day
and after transacting considerable
routine business granted life diplomas
to many teachers In the high and gram
mar "schools. University and special
diplomas v.-ere also granted. The fol-
JotvItis is a list of the diplomas and
documents issued:
Social Illspatch to The Call.
Instructors in Nearly Every
"¦ County Beceivc Certificates
to Teach Grammar School
CHICAGO. Jan. 29. — Notwithstand
ing recent experiences with smoke and
tlame tenants of the Masonic Temple,
a twenty-story structure, failed to
scare to-day when a flre broke out In
the Cosmopolitan building adjoining.
The occupants of the Cosmopolitan
made a hasty exit. On the upper sto
ries of the Cosmopolitan a number of
women became hysterical and, blinded
by the smoke, made efforts to spring
from ,the windows. Cooler heads pre
vented this and the women were car
ried down the flre escapes. One girl
was perhaps fatally burned. Chemicals
she was mixing on the sixth floor ex
ploded and caused the fire. The wo
man, in a dying condition, was car
ried down a flre escape by C. W. Ran
dolph, secretary and treasurer of the
Cosmopolitan Light Company. Several
other persons wera burned, but not
seriously. \''.-V-»
Edward Stokes, who assisted In the
rescue of Miss Verba, was probably
fatally burned. Of the forty-five peo
ple on the floor where the fire started
twenty-five were women. The panic
started with the explosion of th«
chemicals and the excitement was In
creased when Miss Verba ran from the
room screaming. The girls made a
rush for the door. As they neared the
center of the room the foremost of
them fell and the next moment Tiearly
all of them lay in a heap on the floor
screaming.
Meanwhile Randolph, | with Miss
Verba in his arms, had begun to de
scend the fire ' escape amidst the
cheers of thousands of people who
stood in the street. At the fifth floor,
almost overcome by smoke, Randolph
gave his unconscious burden to
Stokes, who carried the girl to the
street. This duty done. Stokes suc
cumbed to his own injuries and was
taken to the hospital. While this
rescue was being performed the safety
of the , other girls was attended to.
Loss, $75,000. ; :•'
Assistant AVho Aids Official
When He Is Overcome May
Die From Burns Beceived
Most of the J'liinder. Was Prfc
seated •*. to •«- Harry Olmstead
and Wifehviien^liey%arried
Special Watchman Spellman
Shot in a Bunning Battle,
but Brings Down Assailant
Before the Fight Finishes
Bun Down All Clews but Fail
to Get Any Trace of Author
of Threatening Letters Sent
to Southern Pacific Company
RESCUES INJURED GIRL
SQUAD IS HAKD PRESSED
ijxivERsrry
DETECTIVES ARE BAFFLED
pose^shje would /land troops _in; s Korea.
She could'-notv'ho wever; land- more thari
160.W0 men; .and* has an; equal,
number of 'Jnhh in*Manchtiria" to meet
this- ;attaickr : whicfat-l' think, ~ would - be
qulckl^. repulsed.? \I do not- believe In
a naval vraxi \he'v Russian warships
.^rouja^ make *it. impossible for'the. JapV
anese to endaneer^ Port -Arthur. But
let' trie* repeat;' viyar. is improbable." .-; »
Kaffirs Have Joined the! Her
eros in Besieging the Ger
man Force at Okahandja
Secretary of the Cosmopolitan
Light Company of Chicago
the Hero of a Big Fire
DOCUMENTS
Mrmbers of the StatA Board
of Education Hold Important
Meeting at Capital of State
Break Into Los Aiigeles Besi
dence and Carry Away a Lot
of Jewelry and Silverware
HEATHENS
USE PISTOLS
AND AXES
RAILROAD'S
DETECTIVES
ARE AT SEA
CROWDS CHEER
BRAVE DEEDS
NATIVES HAVE
MORE ALLIES
THIEVES STEAL
WEDDING GIFTS
Russia's Reply
Stated to Be
Conciliatory
Continued from .Page 1, Column 7.
LIFE DIPLOMAS
FOR TEACHERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO /CALL.V , S ATU RD AY. JANUARY. 30. 1904.
. LONDON, Jan. , 20.— Advices received from
Liberia say : that the new President. : Arthur
Barclay, was successfully inaufrurot*'' at Mon
rovia, the cauital. January 4.
SALEM. Or., Jan. 29.— C. D. Ctookham. ar
resttd here: on the charge. of stealing Diablo,
a ¦ horse, owned by Mrs. W. . M. Murray of
.Woodland. Cal.. was to-day acquitted.
A Guaranteed Cure f ot Piles.
Itcblrz.'. Blind.' Bleeding or Protruding Piles.
Tour- dnicglst < will 1 - refund .; money , If Paio
Ointment fall* to cur» vou In 6 to 14 days. 5Oc*
SALOX1CA. Kuropean Turkey. Jan.
ZO.— The Minister of War has ordered
seven battalions of Turkish troops from
Monastir- to Istip and other point3 on
the Bulgarian frontier. *
AFFAIRS IX BULGARIA
GROWING 'AliARMIXG
LINCOLN, Neb.. Jan. 30.'— Physi
.cians in attendance announced at 1,
o'clock this morning that Miss"Nannie
L. Bryan could' live but a few hours.'
A marked change for the worse oc
curredat'midnight.
- Efforts of the" ; doctors "are directed
toward, keeping- her alive- until " the
arrival 'of her; sister, Mr3.
Bard of Shaw, Miss';,- at 10 o'clock this
morning.- William J.. Bryan is ex
pected to reach here to-day. t>
2
DE. PIEKCE'S REMEDIES.
• ** I am well now and
enjoying better health
than ever before in
my whole life."
That b ths st&\er3cnt of a woman who
bad never been well until she was made
we'J by the use of Dr. Pierce's Favorite
Prescription. There are a great many
ctucr women in like case. They have
always been sufferers from disease. They
bare never known the joy of perfect
.health.
For all etich women Dr. Pierce's Fa-
vorite Prescription holds out the pros-
pect of perfect and permanent health, by
the cure of the womanly diseases which
TreaLen women. It establishes regular-
ity, dries weakening drains, heals inflam-
mation and ulceration, and cures female
weakness. It makes weak women strong
and sick women well.
"It Eire* ne plesEtire to let you knew of the
irrect benefit received from Dr. Pierce's raedi-
cis^» end the advice which you so kindly sent,"
write* Mrs. Bertie Parker, of Bonham. "Fannin
Co.. Texas. " I took your ' Farorite Prescrip-
tion.' * Golden M^diczl Discorwy * and ' Pleasant
PcMrts," and followed your advice rerartlinr the
'Lotion Tablets,' and am cured. I bad been
treated bv different doctors and spent one hun-
dred dollars for treatment and medicine, but
received very little relirf. I have only spent
cerenteen dollars and fifty cents for yoar rnedi-
ctne and H has cured me ia threeor four months
cf ulceretioa acd falling of utcrns. I suffered
severe misery in my back, clso irregular periods.
Had bearing<l<rCTn~in lower portion of body and
great pain s!l through ny bodv. Pain in uterus
vras very severe. Had Knothefiag; spell*, breath
xtzsvttj short ell the tin:?, had pain in stomach,
pein in rav thirhs. pain ia breast, also between
tny 6houlder». Bowels constipated. I am well
now cad enjoviny better heaUli '-han tver before
in my whoie liJe. Ara har*ry to tc'l yon thit
I was cured by your jeood advice and good medi-
cines, the * Favorite Prevriptioc.* ' Golden Med-
ical Discovery.' *Plec»»iit Pe'.let!"' and 'Lotion
Tcblrts.' These medicines cured me and will
cure others also."
Tlie dealer who offers a substitute for
" Fsvorite Prey-ription " docs so to gain
t'.ie little more profit paid on the sale of
less meritoricas medicines. His profit is
yotrr loss, therefore accept r.o substitute.
Dr. Tierce's Pleasant Pellets regulate
the bowt'ls.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Catarrh
Whether It is of the nose, throat, stomach,
bowels, or more delicate organs, catarrh is
always debilitating and should never fail ot
attention.
It is a discharge from the macons mem-
brane when kept hi a state of Inflammation
by an impure, commonly scrofulous, con.
dition of the blood.
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Cures all forms of catarrh, radically and
permanently— It removes the cause and
overcomes all ttie effects. Get Hood'*, __,¦This week 25 per cent reduction on
every heater in stock. San Francisco Gaa
and Electric Company. 415 Post street. °
BAHZr.SFIELD, Jan. 29.— Fred Lem
beck, who robbed John Davis, an aged
miner, at Caliente last week, wa3 sen
tenced to fifteen years' Imprisonment
at Folsom by Judge Mahon to-day.
Joseph Daley, who pleaded guilty to
robbing a store at Mojave, was sen
tenced to four years' imprisonment at
the same Institution.
Sent to I'liNimi Penitentiary.
Charles S. Vose, the Union-street
gripman who thought that he saw a
man resembling Soeder at the corner
of Taylor* and Union streets, and to
which man. he said that the excited
German he took afterward to be Blaise
appealed for direction, was on the
stand yesterday.
Vose at the Coroner's inquest d*id not
kno/v whether .the German was the
murdered man. Yesterday he stated
(hat he thought the picture of Blaise
that was shown to him resembled
somewhat the excited German he saw
jjn the night of the murder on a.Union
street-car. Vose could not identify Soe
der. "V"
G. H. L. Gregory, general agent for
the Aetna Life Insurance Company, re
lated his transactions with Soeder when
the latter' attempted to take a number
of policies out on the life of Blaise in
that company. Gregory said: .
It wa» on December, 14 that Soeder came
to my office and asked me If any one bad been
sent to hts house, . on Jackson street, to see
about the Issuance of some- Insurance policies.
He asked -if any oneVhad called at the Grand
Hotel to see 'about' Insurance on the life of
his brother-in-law, Joseph Blaise. I told him
that we had not «ent any one on such an
errand, and asked him if he was staying at
the Grand Hotel. He replied that be was not,
as when ' he arrived !n the city he had been
sick and had gone to a private residence on
Jackson street, but had informed . the New
York office of the company -that he Intended
goin*. there on his arrival in this city.
I bad received a letter from the New. York
All of the testimony given by Miss
Meiers had to be obtained through an
interpreter. Attorney Salomon speaks
German fluently and several times .he
upbraided the interpreter for not giv
ing an exact translation of the
woman's testimony. The two en
gaged in several lengthy disputes over
the meaning of German words and
had to be silenced by the court.
Moritz Meienberg, Miss Meiers' un
cle, testified that Soeder told at the
time of his visit on the day the mur
der was discovered that Soeder and
Blaise had eaten supper together and
that when they left the restaurant
Blaise did not. want to go home, but
went for a walk. Soeder said that
Blaise had $90 on his person at the
time. Meienberg stated that Blaise
always came to his place after supper.
TESTIMONY IS IRRELEVANT.
occasions Blaise came out to her un
cle's place near Ingleslde at night
time. He was at the house for mail
the night before the murder and it
was dark before he left for home.
The police have claimed that Blaise
never left the room which he occu
pied with Soeder alone at night.
Miss Flatley, said she never knew
that Soeder had brought suit to regain
the jewelry that he harf given her.
A recess was taken, and in the after
noon at the resumption of the hearing
Miss Flatley was: cross-examined, by
Attorney Salomon. She admitted that
she had accepted a tailor-made - suit
Miss Flatlev identified the keys and
grip as belonging to Soeder. The police
found the keys in the possession of
Soeder at the time of his arrest. Miss
Flatley wrote a, letter to Soeder, as she
had been'dlrected by the police, and re
quested him toremove his trunk, from
her cellar. She said that she had never
seen Soeder since his return to this city
and had never spoken to him since his
departure for Germany. The poison
in the- other bottles referred to was the
hydrocyanic acid found in. the .grip by
the police. ,
Miss Flatley denied that she had ever
taken a gentleman's watch from Soeder
on a trip to Mount Tamalpais. The
prosecution alleges and will attempt to
prove that Soeder pawned his jewelry
and everything of value .he had to get
enough money to pay the premiums on
the insurance policies that he took out
on the life of Blaise. Assistant District
Attorney Hanley says that Soeder was
broke at the time of his arrival in this
city and had to pawn his watch and
chain. If this be true, where did Soeder
gtt the wad of greenbacks that were
seen in his possession by the agents of
the Paciflc Mutual Life Insur
ance Company at the time of
their visit to " • his room, when
the 'applications for policies, were
written ? - This is a question yet' to be
solved. The prosecution alleges that on
December 16, ,the day that Soeder paid
for the policies.; he. pawned his jewelry
to make the payment He certainly' did
not get much money on his watch— at
least not enough to pay for insurance
policies. . .
TKLLS OF THE I»OISON*.
r saw a Krlo in th«> trunk. There were aiso
two large knives and a butrher paw In the
tn:r:k. The grip contained tlvp or pix small
bottles, "which were tilled with a white fluid.
One of the 'bottles 1'orr the lahel cf chloroform.
I do no: know- what was In the other bottles.
Some lime between Christmas and New Years
1 had occasion to Ko to the cellar and I .!:»-'
ccvered that the lock on the trunk had been
broke-n dnd the grip taken iro'm it. I ve
pcriyd the matter to the police and told them
to whom the trunk belonged and they advise;}
me to write to Soeder ami demand that he
remove the trunk.
Miss Flatley denied that she had
ever been engaged to Soeder. She told
of Soeder's trunk that had been left In
her cellar by him. She said he had
stored it there last October. She said:
Old Damage Suit Is Dismissed.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 29.— The $30,000
damage suit of W. C Furrey, a furni
ture dealer, against the citizens' com
mittee, known as the Los Angeles Com
mittee of Fifteen, crowing out oC
cl-argc3 of irregularity in the furr.ish
ing of city school supplies, and which
had been pending in .'.ie courts sincj
1900. was decided in favor of the de
fendants to-day by Judge Oster.
WE, the jury, find that |
the said Joseph Blaise, >.
aged nbout 28 years,
nativity Germany, oc
cupation cook, residence 827 I
Jackson street, in the city and j
county of San Francisco j came :
to liis death on Taylor street, be
tween Green and Vallejo, in said j
city and county of San Fran- :
ciseo, on the 1 lth day of January, !
1 !>()!. from shock and hein
oriiiager from an ineisctl wound
of the neck at 'the hands of a
party or parties unknown to the
jury.
Coroner's Jury Can
Find No Name for
Murderer of Blaise
Soeder was in San Francisco for two
weeks before he let Miss Flatley know
of the fact. On December 26 he wrote
and told her he was sick and would
like to see her. He asked that she
visit his room on Jackson street. "I
will have to wait till April now ( to get
that," the letter read, referring to the
legacy. "I have a gentleman friend
with me from Germany, who has been
nursing me, and he wants to return to
his home. I feel ashamed of this for
not getting my" money right away."
The rest of the epistle was composed
of loving terms and the writer im
plored the young lady to come to his
room and see him. t
The prosecution alleges that Soeder
wanted Miss Flatley to call at his
room so that he might take from her
the jewelry he had given her. She
never went, however, and three days
later Soeder jwrote again. The letter
bore an angry tone and Soeder said in
it that the engagement between him
self and Miss Flatley was broken.' A
portion of the letter reads as follows:
"Let the engagement be broken and I
will never see you again, but you must
return all presents to you from me. I
will send for them, and if you do >not
return them to me I will get them;by
force, and . then you will : see a little
fun, or trouble, as some folks call' it."
The other letter was written on the
same paper, and Attorney Hanley
called attention to the similarity be
tween the stationery used in the two
letters. The letter was written, the
pqpsecutiori claims, at the same time
and on ,the same steamer stationery
as the previous one. The ship emblem
was torn from the stationery used in
this letter. It is alleged that Soeder
sent this letter to his home In Germany
and .had his mother remail it to Miss
Flatley. This he did, it is alleged, so
that Miss Flatley might think he was
still in Germany. The letter stated that
Soeder would have to wait two months
longer to get the money, owing to some
court difficulties, and bore the post
mark of "Hub, Konton Pflasburg, Ger
many,"
IMPLORES WOMAN TO WRITE.
The theory of the prosecution as to
Soeder's purpose in writing letters on
the steamer when on his -way home
and sending them back to Germany
from N*ew York, to be remailed, is
that he wished to keep from Miss Flat-
Iey t the fact of his arrival in this city
until he could secure sufficient money
to bear out his legacy story.
In every letter Soeder implore'cl the
woman to write him, but she scorned
him completely. The last letters writ
ten by Soeder to the woman he pro
fessed to love were penned in this city
after he arrived from Germany with
Blaise.
Two other letters, one written in
Avicourt, Lorraine, on November
3, were received by Miss Flatley.
The letter of November 3 was written
by Soeder and told of his visit at home.
The letter was written on the station
ery of a steamer of a French trans-
Atlantic liner. It was signed "Leon
Soeder, Paris French."
sorry that he had been compelled to
telegraph for money. He told a long
and detailed story of iiaving been
robbed in Rochester. The. police claim
that Soeder never had any money, but
that he wanted Miss Flatley to believe
he was about to get a large sum of
money from an estate in Germany.
They say that he was in lcve with the
woman, and thought that the securing
of a large sum of money would act as
an inducement for her to marry him.
He intended to get insurance money
on the death of his brother-in-law,
Blaise, say the police.
Annie Meiers, one of the young
women who met Soeder and Blaise on
board the ship coming from Germany,
testified that he told her he had paid
Blaise's passage and always paid for
everything the two got. Attorney Sal
omon objected. He was overruled,
Judge Cabaniss stating that had he
been sitting as a trial -Judge
there was a great mass of the testi-^
mony produced by the prosecution*
that he would have excluded. "If the
case ever goes to a jury," . said he,
"the prosecution will have, trouble in
untangling the, mass of evidence they
•have produced at this hearing."
Miss Meiers' testimony did not dif
fer materially from that already pub
lished. She said Soeder visited her
uncle's place at 4.S0O -Mission street
twice on the day the murdered body
of Blaise was discovered, once at 8:30
in the morning .and again at 6:30 in
the evening. On his second visit he
brought two evening papers and
showed her and her uncle an account
of the death of Blaise. He seemed to
be sorry, she said, at least he express
ed his sorrow. Moritz Meienberg gave
him a letter on the second visit. He
did not seem disposed to read it and
Miss Meiers asked him to read it, as
she thought it might contain . some
news of Blaise. Soeder did not want
to open it and finally tore the envel
ope open after examining it before
the light. In it were three sealed and
stamped letters, which Soeder shoved
in his pocket. He then tore the outer
envelope up and threw the scraps on
the sidewalk, where they were after
ward . picked up by? the police and
placed together. Miss Meiers Identi
fied the envelope as having been the
one that Soeder received on that day.
Hanley asked that the letter be en
tered as 'evidence and Attorney Salo-'
mon objected. Judge Cabaniss upheld
the objection. ,
WRITES LETTER TO HIMSELF.
Attorney Hanley said they intended
to show that the letter had been writ
ten by Soeder to .himself, in an en
deavor to proye an alibi. It was post
ed on the night of the murder, lie
said,' and received at the sub-postofnee
Station T>, at 5 o'clock on the morning
that .tfie-\ ; murder, .. was . discovered.
Theodore I^jftka has identified th.e en
velope as Hiving . been written in the
hand of -Soeder. "
Miss Meiers ¦ said she had seen the
gray 'suit' of /Soeder worn by him
while he was on the.: ship. The de
fense gained a point on the testimony
of Miss Meiers. She said that on two
on having revenge.
Miss -Flatley was* dismissed and the
Coroner's deputy promptly took her. in
charge and conveyed her to the inquest
room at the Morgue.
Attorney Salomon questioned her in
regard to her having roomed with Soe
der all night. /At this suggestion the
young woman rose part way from her
chair, trembled with rage and vigor
ously denied the question. While Salo
mon was, examining Miss Flatley,
Soeder sat next him and dictated the
questions. It was plain that Soeder
was bent on smircHing the character
of the young woman, who he claimed
had jilted him. He was aware that Miss
Flatley, among all the witnesses, had
given the police the most damaging tes
timony against him, and seemed bent
from Soeder, although she was not en
gaged to him. When asked whether
Soeder had not made her a present of
some money and a hat. Miss Flatley
blushed deeply and emphatically denied
that she had been the recipient of any
such presents.
CORONER TAKES WITNESS.
NAPAJ Jan. 29. — Dr. E. Z. Hennes
sey has completed an autopsy on the
body of James Hoy, who was found
dead near the depot at Yountville
Wednesday night. He refuses to make
known the result of the autopsy, but
ifis considered significant that after a
consultation with Coroner R. 21. Kyser
he telephoned to Sheriff Dunlap and
District Attorney Benjamin, who im
mediately drove to Yountville and con
ducted an investigation. The officials
refuse to discuss the case. Their ac
tion gives credence to a rumor that
Hoy received fatal injuries during a
scuffle at the White House saloon.
Napa Physician Who Made Autopsy
on Body Refuses to Announce
Result of Ills Investigation.
MYSTERY SURROUNDS ./%
DEATH OF JAMES HOY
YOUNG WOMAN WHO WAS AN IMPORTANT WITNESS FOR THE PROSECUTION AT THE SOP^DER HEAR
ING IN JUDGE CABANISS 1 COURT YESTERDAY, AND AN INSURANCE MAN WHO TESTIFIED THAT
SOEDER WAS ANXIOUS TO INSURE THE LIFE OF BLAISE.
The First Congressional District may
Fend Coogan of Humboldt, who made
such a gallant contest for the chair
manship of the State Democratic Con
vehtion at Sacramento in 1902. Peter
Shiels of Sacramento will probably gro
as a candidate from the Second Dis
trict, and Nicholas Bow den is spoken
of in the Fifth District. J. B. Sanford
of Mcndocino may take a notion to visit
St. Louis and run over to Shclbyville,
Torti. Judge Crichton of Fresno. Judee
Hucrhes of Sacramento, Judge Conklin
8t Pan Diejro. Judge Conlin of Madera,
A. .Caminetti of Amador; W. W. Foote,
Frank Mofiitt and P.obert M. Fitzgerald
of Alameda; Isadore Doekweiler and
•Tohn Mitchell of L<os Angeles; Max
Popper. Jim O'Brien, Judsre Lawlor,
James D. Phelan. Porter Ashe. Living-
Fton Jenks and Franklin K. Lane of
Fan Francisco are names dear to the
Democratic heart in this year of hope
for harmony. From this list delegates
and alternates inay be chosen. Gov
ernor BuM is up early and out late
pouring balm on all the old Demo
cratic wound?. There are now signs cf
peace. Kut the Democrats are wonder -
Jnjr v.hcthrr McXab will come home
v.Uh an olive branch or a knife.
For delegates yt large to the St. Louis
convention mention is made of James
H. Budd cf San Joaquin. James V.
Coleman of San Franuisco, Mayor Sny
/1or e and Judge Trask of I^os Angeles, M.
Tarpcy of Alameda. Thomas Geary of
Sonoma. William T. Jeter of Santa
Cruz and Bernard D. Murphy of Santa
Clara.
SEEKING DELEGATES
Democrats of every faction in the
State concede that Gavin McN'ab has
a good nose for a political Moses, and
he mny come home with tidings from
the East that a new Moses has been
found to lead the children of Dem
ocracy to the White House. There will
he talk enough durinc McXab's ab
sence, but nothfng will be done until
he Returns. '
It if current gossip in Democratic
•ircles that James V. Coleman, who is
nrator and angel, too, will not go to St.
Lqui$ as a delegate to the national con
'vefition unless he is permitted to freely
expraSi there his preferences in regard
to aspirants for the Presidential nom
ination, fie will not go to the oonven
vntion Hill bound or Hearst bound or
even tied up to Olney or Parker. N'o
one can foretell what will happen in St.
Louis when the Democratic leaders get
together. The second place on the ticket
may bo given to some Rifted orator
from California.
McXAB STILL LIVES.
"We will know more about it when
O^avin McNab comes home." That was
the gist of a reply made by a well
known Democratic leader to the ques
tion, "Will the State convention of
Democrats instruct for Hearst?" In the
wigwam of the Iroquois the chieftains
say that the delegates from California
to the national Democratic pow-wow
at St. Louis next July will not be in
structed for Hearst, but they will agree
to support him provided he can de
velop any strength outside of the dele
gation from this State. The Iroquois
braves from many villages in the
Golden State will assemble in San
Francisco on George Washington's
birthday, and then opinions as to the
advisability of booming Hearst will be
expressed.
Gavin McNab's word is not law in
the council of the Iroquois, and in the
M^nticello Club the worshipers at the
McN'ab shrine are not legion, because
the MrXab resignation is inscribed on
the records of the club. Yet withal the
handy way McN'ab has of manipulat-
Insr a convention of California's Demo
crats is yet an object lesson in the
school of the unterrified. It is presum
ed that McNab will exchange • confi
dences with Olney. that he will listen
to David B. Hill, size up the mysterious
Parker and make his own estimate of
Tammany's power in the St. Louis con
vention.
Judge Cabaniss admitted- the letters.
They were in a loving tone. In one.
dated October 24, Soeder said he was
Prosecuting Attorney Hanley stated
that it was the purpose of the prosecu
tion to prove by the letters that Soeder
was without money and that with the
$100 that he got from Miss Flatley he
procured passage to Germany, 'as he
needed what money he had to pay pre
miums on insurance policies. Hanley
said that the jewelry that Soeder
claimed to have robbed of in
Rochester was pawned here in this city
at Liechtenstein's loan office by the de
fendant Soeder.
LETTERS ARE INTRODUCED.
Miss Flatley said she sent Soeder the
money. The prosecution then began to
introduce all of the letters written to
Miss Flatley by Soeder while he was
on his way to and from Germany. At
torney Salomon
The telegram follows: C'
NEW YOUK. Oct. 23, 1003.
MIm Catherine Flatley, 251 Marshall street:
Send me $100 by telegraph. Am too late for
eteamer. Lost all money.
LEOX SOEDER,
West Shore Hotel, New York.
The telegram sent by Soeder on his
arrival in New York was offered in
evidence by the prosecution. Attorney
Salomon objected, but Judge Cabaniss
overruled the objection a"nd stated that
should the prosecution fail to show the
relevancy of all such evidence he
would strike it out. .
Did he epeak of his wealth often?
Y*«, he spoke of It all the time. He spake
of it as soon as he returned from Alaska in
September and even mentioned what he was
to iet.
When did you hear from him first after he
left San Francisco for Germany?
When he telegraj^ied frcm New Torlc for
Yes. lie said that he had considerable
money loft him In Germany. He told me he
would ret $10, 000, In Germany and would get
more money later on.
I met Soedpr in the latter part of March.
!'j< .::. ' He called at the house often until the
ISth' of April, when* he left for Alaska. He
returned again September 15. He came to
our house e-very other day until he went to
Cit-rmany. He save me some jewelry, a, pair
or diamond earrinc*.' a diamond ring, a. pearl
Ineastpln and a watch and chain, valued at
*:J15 in all.
Attorney Hanley — Did Soeder ever tell you
of his wealth?
Only once was her anger aroused.
Attorney Salomon 1 asked her if she had
ever received any money or had ever
stopped over night with Soeder. She
became indignant and emphatically
denied that she had.
Her testimony was as follows:
Mis? Flatley was the main witness
for the police. She stated that just be
fore Soeder left this city to go to Ger
many he told her he expected to come
into an estate of $10,v>00, and that he
was going ihere to collect it.. He told
her he expected considerable other
money in a short time. When Soeder
arrived in New York from this city on
his way to Germany he immediately
telegraphed to Miss Flatley, to whom
he claimed he was engaged, for $100.
Miss Flatley sent the money, and the
police aver that this sum was used by
Soeder to assist in procuring passage
to Germany for Soeder and the return
passage with his brother-in-law. Soeder
wrote to Miss Flatley and explained
why he had written for the money. He
said he had been robbed of all his Jew
elry and money in Rochester, X. Y.,
and was penniless.
Witness first mot Soeder in March of
last year. She was introduced to him
by her father, who had worked with
him as a cook and had known him
since h« was a young man.
Miss Flatley took the stand with a
brave air. She Is a pretty brunette,
with an imposing form. She seemed
not to dread her Cjmbarrassing position.
She related without a blush the receipt
of jewelry- from Soeder, and admitted
that he had also given her a suit, but
denied that she had ever taken any
money from him.
MISS FLATLKY'S STORY.
The Judge said he thought that when
a woman had been on the stand for two
hours she should be shown considera
tion. While the Judge was thus en
deavoring to distract the deputy's at
tention. Miss Flatley slipped from the
courtroom. Her escape was. noted by
McCormick, who told the Judge that he
would see him some other time, and
hurried to get his witness. Miss Flat
ley was angered at being called on to
testify in two places on the same day.
CASK AGAINST SOEDER WEAK.
The police have a weak case against
Soeder. The evidence thus far has
merely tended to show motive for the
crime and the bad character of Soeder,
the crime itself not having yet been
probod.
Judge Cabaniss has been lenient
in admitting a mass of -apparently ir
relevant testimony, expecting that t,he
prosecution will connect it with perti
nent evidence later.
The police did not live up to their
agreement, and Deputy Coroner Mc-
Cormick had difficulty in getting his
witnesses together. He made repeated
trips to Judge Cabaniss" court and
compelled witnesses to go to the in
quest. He complained that the police
had hidden several of the Barbary
Coast witnesses. When the police had
finished with Miss Flatley, Deputy
Coroner McCormick subpenaed her.
Judge Cabaniss was displeased, and he
asked Deputy McCormick whether she
could not be allowed to go. McCormick
said that Coroner Leland wanted the
witness at once.
The Coroner's jury yesterday re
turned a vcrd'.ct in the Blaise murder
case. It was that Joseph Blaise came
to a violent death at the hands of a
party or of parties pnknown.
The inquest and the Police Court
hearing were continued yesterday
morning. The police, fearing that
Coroner Leland would carry out his
threat and use his power to compel the
witnesses in the case to appear before
him, among them some of the police
force working on the murder case, told
the Coroner that they would exchange
witnesses during the day, so that, both
the inquest and the hearing might
go on.
Dr. Bacigalupi. rutopsy surgeon^ to
the Coroner, described the wounds' on
Blaise's body, and said that the fatal
wound must have been caused by a
sharp instrument, while the others
might have been inflicted with a stone,
club or other fclunt weapon.
Theresa King, Soeder's dance hall ac
quaintance, was too ill to appear, and
her testimony was taken in her room.
She fixed the dates of meeting Soeder
and stated that the last time she had
seen him was at about 10 o'clock on
the night of the murder.
At the afternoon session Miss Cather
ine Flatley was first called. She seem
ed to enjoy being on the Uand, and re
told tu3 tale of her friendship with
Soeder. the breaking off of their rela
tions and the robbery of Soeder's trunk
in the cellar of her house. She describ
ed him as what the girls, vFbuld call "a
good thing," as he wr.s always liberal.
The testimony was largely a re
capitulation of what has already been
told In the columns of the press and
brought out in the preliminary Police
Court hearing. The only new witness
was L. R. Parker, agent for the Hart
ford Life Insurance Company. He told
about a visit, he made with Osborne
of the Pacific Life to Blaise at 827
Jackson street and of the conversation
regarding the insurance on Blaise's
life. Blaise on that occasion informed
his visitors that his wife in Germany
would pay the premiums. Soeder had
represented to them that Blaise was a
chef in the culinary art. and when the
witness, speaking in German, asked
him about it, Blaise laughed and said
he was not a chef, but just a plain, or
dinary cook. The visitors left after
Blaise had signed his name to the ap
plication for the policy and made an
appointment for Blaise and Soeder to
call at the witness' office on Saturday
morning, this conversation having
taken place on the Friday preceding
the murder. On Monday morning fol
lowing the witness found a card writ
ten in blue pencil signed by Blaise, but
not in his handwriting, stating that the
writer would call on Monday morning
at 11 o'clock or at^ in the afternoon
of the same day. The application was
sent East on the Saturday before the
murder, but the policy was never is
sued, nor was any money or note de
posited on it.
JLt the morning session J. W. Fowler,
the insurance agent, testified as to first
writing the policies in behalf of Blaise's
wife and afterward substituting the
name of Leon Soeder.
Sergeant Christiansen told of the
finding .of the body on the morning
afler the- murder, and Mrs. Christian
sen told of having heard screams at
the time the murder is supposed to have
occurred.
"We. the Jury, find that the said Joseph
Blaise, aged about 23 years, nativity Germany,
occupation cook, residence 827 Jackson street.
In the city and county of San Francisco, came
to his death on Taylor street, between Green
and, Vallejo In said city and county of San
Francisco, on the 11th day of January. lDt>».
from shock and hemorrhage from an incised
wound of the neck at tb, hands of a party
or parties unknown to the jury.
The long drawn out inquest into the
death of Joseph Blaise came to a close
a few minutes before 6 o'clock last
night, when the Coroner's jury brought
in a verdict to the effect that deceased
had met a violent death at the hands
of some party or parties unknown to
the jury. Coroner Leland approved the
verdict, stating that in the face of the
evidence he could hardly see how any
other conclusion could be reached by
the. jurors. The verdict was as follows:
PORTLAND, Or., Jan. 29.— The the
ory that the destruction of the Park
street public school at midnight la?t
night was the act of an incendiary 13
given credence by the police and
fir*? departments. The police were told
to-day that shortly before the flames
broke out a tall woman attired in black
was seen descending the sstep3 of. the
schoolhcuse to the street. She appeared
rather nervous, and turned several
times while walking away from the
building, as if looking for something.
Her strang* actions attracted atten
tion. The flames did not burst forth
for several minutes after the woman
had disappeared, and it was then too
late to pursue her.
Portland Police Receive Information
Tliat Woman Left Building Jnst
Hcfore Fire Wns Discovered.
BURNING OF SCHOOLHOUSE
THE WORK OP INCENDIARY
Orders have been issued to the police
to- arrest all suspicious characters at
fires late at night and to require them
to explain their presence there.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 29.— A firebug
has been at work In Los Angeles for
nearly two weeks, and In that time
has caused six fires. The average lo?s
at each fire will approximate $30,000.
The authorities believe the fires are the
work of some one who has a mania for
bis fires arid starts them Just to see
buildings burn.
The first of the fires was that which
destroyed a portion of the plant of th»
Los Anseles Brewing Company and
resulted in the death of a r.lght watch
man. Then Schirm'a cement warehouse
was burned; next the stables of the
Los Angeles Lighting Company, ami
two days later the large warehouse of
the Los Angeles Furniture Company
was destroyed. The last serious fire
was that which destroyed the plant of
the Los Angeles Box and Hive Com
pany, together with five residences, but
that was not the last attempt made by
the firebug. Late Thursday night an
attempt was made to burn the shops
of the Pacific Electric Railway Com
pany, Huntington's big plant, probably
the largest of its kind on the coast.
Fortunately the fire was discovered in
time to save the buildings.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
James V. Coleman, Orator and
An<rel. Will Xot Go Instructed
• tor; the National Convention
Accused Man Told Her He
Was in Germany to
Procure Estate.
Applies Toreh to Buildings to
Enjoy the Sight of Them Go
ing Up in Smoke and Flames
BUBXS MUCH PROPERTY
DELEGATES TO ST. LOUIS
Young Lady Says Soeder
Claimed to Be Heir
to Prbperty.
Much Difficulty Is Found
in Obtaining the
Witnesses.
Coroner's Jury Attributes
Blaise's Death to Un
known Hand.
Incendiary at Los Angeles Is
Causing Great Anxiety to
Residents and Authorities
Party Leaders Wonder Whether
SfcXab Will Come Home W T ith
a Knife or an Olive Branch
TALK IN CAMP
OF DEMOCRATS
FINDS DELIGHT
IN BIG FIRES
MISS CATHERINE FLATLEY GIVES TESTIMONY AT POLICE COURT HEARING
AND CORONER'S JURY RENDERS VERDICT IN THE BLAISE MURDER CASE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.. SATURDAY, JANUARY 30,, 190*.
Mrs. de Laureuelle, the clerk at the
Native Sons'. Cleaning Works. 430 Bush
street, who' received, the *gray suit of
Soeder's to be cleaned, on the morning
after the murder, was the ' last person
examined. She- identified the suit and
described the man that brought it as
a darlc complexioned individual, who
had the appearance of a Mexican or
a Spaniard. ¦ She had previously said
that he had a mustache, but yesterday
she professed not to remember this
point/ - ;
The letter shows the anxiety of Soe
der to get the policies on Blaise's life
before he should return or make up
his mind to return to Germany. Grej:
ory testified that on the day of Soe
der's first visit to his office in Decem
ber he wore a gray checked suit. Greg
ory identified the suit of Soeder'3
shown him as the one that he had seen
Soeder wearing 1 on that day.
On December 15 Gregory received an
other letter, as follows:
SAN FRANCISCO. Dec. 15. 1WX).— Dear Sir:
My address is Leon Soeder. 827 Jackson
street, city, also Joseph BlaUe. If we don't
get that $50CO policy for my brother-in-law I
will fret him to take an accident policy from
you for S3000 or S1O.00O. Yours truly.
LEOX SOEDER.
The same day. the 14th of December, a lel
ter'came from Soeder. He also asked whether
the policies had arrived. .Cn the 23d of L>e
cember I received another, letter from Sotder.
The letter was aa follows:
'•San Francisco. Dec. 23; 1900.— Mr. G. II.
Lestock Gregory — Dear Sir: Did you send *
man to see me la?t ntght at 7:.'U) p. m.. or dl«l
the policies come? I! ao. I will call and pay
for them myself. Please send answer. Tours
truly. LEON SOEDER, $27 Jackson street."
office telling m« of an application by So;d?r
for a life Insurance policy on the life of, Joserti
Blaise, made there. Seeder at this time tol>t
me that he desired a policy for SoOCO. but I
do not know In whose fa\»>r it was to be m<ulc.
On that visit I asked Boeder for his adJiesi
en Jackson street nml he replied that he (!;>!
not know what it was.' I told him I shoul 1
like to get it. and he said he would drop :r.'t
a letter when, he learned the number.
Bank Hlects Its Officer*
j At the annual meeting: of the stock
riders of the HumboMt Savings and
I^oan Society the following: directors
r.nd TfficcrE were elected: President,
<l. H. Luchringer; vice president, W.
S. K<?j-es; cashier and secretary, TV.
K. Palmar: attorney. A. D. Keyes; di
rectors— W. S. Keyes. W. J. Lowry, I.
Kchn, W. A. Frederick. George L..
Fayne.^ Rudolph Herold Jr., G. H.
_LuchE!r.£er. The rerort cf the cashier
showed the total assets of {he banking
institution to amount to J3.61S.5S1 €4.
DENVER, Coha., Jan. 29. — The Pacific
Amusement Company to-day attached $570 of
the proceeds of the Paul concert in this city
£>, compensation ior expense* of preparing fcr
concert* at Spokane and Butte which were
Tfrt. given accordlEjf to contract.
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Pears' soap is dried a
whole year. That's why it
lasts so. It wears as thin
as a wafer.
Sold all orer the irorld.
-It does an honest concern
no harm to watch it.
Moneyback Schilling's Best
zx your grocer's.' CONSTANTINOPLE, Jan. • 29.— The
Porte^h?is -notified the Austrian and
Russian ' embassies r that ' the Macedo
nian committees have arranged with
the Albanians fpr liberals rewards • to
have them kill every foreign" 1 .; officer
sent into the provinces in general with'
the. reorganization of the gendarmerie
under the reform scheme of the | pow
ers. The Porte therefore objects to
the officers wearing foreign uniforms,
as their lives are thereby endangered.
Turkish Authorities : i Notify . Powers
That Prices Are Placed on
Heads of Officers.
FOREIGNERS ARE -NOT <,
. >. WANTED "IN MACEDONIA
"WASHINGTON. Jan. 29.— W. W.
Russeif, assistant secretary of legation
at Caracas, . Venezuela, has -.been ap
pointed Charge of the American Lega
tion at .Panama. Minister Buchanan,
who sails for the , United States next
Tuesday, 'will resign when he reaches
Washington in accordance with the
understanding he had wjien he ac
cepted the mission to;. Panama. Mr.
Russell probably will be named to suc
ceed . Mr. Buchanan. ¦'¦'..-.'.
PANAMA, Jan. 29.— A re
ceived here , to-day from Washington
Bays that Hezeklah A.' Gudger. the
American Consul General may
Assistant Secretary at Caracas Lega
v tion May Become Minister.-
TO ' SUCCEED BUCHANAN.
I "WASHINGTON, Jan. 29.— Senator
Mitchell introduced a bill to-day au
thorizing the North AmeVican Tele
graph and Cable Company to operate
telegraph lines or cables between the
shores of Alaska and Washinston in
order to. reach the Aleutian Islands,
Siberia, Manchuria, China, the Jap
anese empire and the Philippines. The
company is required to establish a line
within five years between the United
States and any of the Aleutian Islands.
Bill Offered In Congress Authorizing
a New Line Prom Alaska.
NEW TELEGRAPH PROPOSED.
NEW YORK. Jan. 29.— Albert M.
Kragner. a well-known Brooklyn law
yer, pleaded guilty to-day to an, indict
ment charging grand larceny in the
first degree in havtng taken bonds val
ued at $20,000 which were held in trust
for Emila and Edith Kainer, minor
children of the late Otto Kainer, an
importer. After complaint had been
entered Kragner married an. older sis
ter of- the Kainer children and a set
tlement out of court was sought, but
prevented by the District Attorney and
Judge Aspinwall, who refused to per
mit the. compromise of any claim af
fecting the rights of minor children.
Brooklyn Attorney Admits Having
' Taken $20,000 in Bonds Belong
ing to Minor Children.
LAWYER PLEADS GUILTY,
TO CHARGE OF LARCENY
The coffee planter gets an average of
9 cents a pound for his crop.
KJLNSAS CITY. Jan. 29. — Mrs. Lulu
Prince-Kennedy-Kramer, on trial a
second time for the murder in Jan
uary. 1901. of her ftrst husband, Philip
H. Kennedy, was found not guilty by
a jury here to-day. At her first trial
she was convicted and sentenced to
ten years in the- pentitentiary. The
conviction was reversed on a techni
cality s ' * "
• Acquitted of Murder Cliarge.
DENVER, Colo., Jan. 29.— Fred Ar
nold, aged 20 years, said to be the
leader of the band of burglars who
shot and killed Mrs. Amanda Young
blood last New Year's eve. was to-day
found guilty of murder in the first de
gree and sentenced to be hanged. His
two companions In the crime had been
previously convicted and sentenced to
death.
Denver Murderer Must Die.
Waited — Twenty-five gwxi furniture
ealcsmen at the Pattosien Company for
th* great Retiring Sale, to commence
Monday. Corner Sixteenth and Mission
streets. •
BLOOMINGTON, 111., Jan. 29.— J. J.
Lapping, who says that he is a railway
conductor out of Denver, is In custody
here and may be given a. hearing rela
tive to his sanity. He arrived here a
week ago and tells a remarkable story
of hypnotism. He alleges that * ho was
irresistibly attracted to Bloomington
*by the hypnotic power. of a of
this city, to whom he is distantly re
lated, and who is a professional mind
reader. He claims to be receiving tele
pathic messages constantly from her,
and that his system is in a state' of
collapse as a result of her mysterious
control over him. His, case is puzzling
the local doctors, but they believe he
is sane.
Illinois Railroad Man Tells a Weird
Story About His Experience ,
With a Relative. ,
DECLARES A WOMAN'
HAS HIM HYPNOTIZED
MADRID, Jan. 29. — The dispute
which occurred in the Chamber yes
terday between War Minister Linares
and Deputy Soriano, resulting- in send
ing seconds to each other, has been
settled without necessitating a duel
between the principals.
Duel Is Declared Off.
CANTON, Ohio, Jan. 29.— Canton to
day observed McKinley's birthday.
Special patriotic programmes were
held in most of the schools and the
pink carnation was everywhere in evi
dence. Mrs. McKinley was driven to
the cemetery this afternoon with a
large bunch of carnations for the tomb
of the late President.
MeKIXLEY'S OLD HOME
LOYAL TO HIS MEMORY
Birthday of Late President Is Ob
served in Patriotic Exercises in
Canton, Ohio.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 29.— Senator
Gorman has called a caucus of the
Democratic Senators to be held to-mor
row morning. It was announced that
no general plans were entertained, ex
cept that a "powwow"' over the Pana
ma auestic-n seemed to be necessary
from a Democratic point of view.
Maryland Senator Wants to Discuss
Panama Question.
GORMAN CALLS A CAUCUS.
The first mail is just out of Nome and
brought good news to the Norton Bay
Mining and Development Company of
this city. Their property is so situated
that they can work twelve months in the
year, and on one of their claims they
found white quartz wash exactly the
same an the famous "White Channel on
Bonanza Bench, In Dawson, which ran as
high as $3000 to the pan. ..V ,
Rich Gold Strike.
CHICAGO, Jan. 23.— Satisfied with
the findings of the Coroner's jury that
investigated the Iroquois Theater fire
the independent prosecution started by
Arthur E. Hull, whose whole fam..y
perished in the disaster, was to-day
formally abandoned in court. There
will be an Investigation of the Iroquois
disaster by a special Grand Jury. This
was determined to-day by the State's
Attorney. The special Grand Jury will
devote itself exclusively to the Iroquois
Theater fire.
Independe: S Prosecution Started by
Man Whose Family Perished in
Iroquois Theater Abandoned.
HULL IS SATISFIED .
WITH CORONER'S WORK
WASHINGTON. Jan. 20.— The House
to-day considered whether members of
Congress are entitled to be jpaid mile
age a second time. The controversy
arose on an item in the urgent defi
ciency bill providrfig for two payments
of mileage to Senators and members
of the House on account of the. extra
session, which merged into the regular
session. A point of order was raised
by Maddox of Georgia against the pay
ment of mileage a second time, and
he was supported' by Littlefield of
Maine, who contended that- there had
been' no interregnum and consequently
but one session of Congress, and there
is no authority of lav for a second ap
propriation for mileage.
The interest manifested in the ques
tion was shown by the fact that there
were few empty seats on 'either side
of the chamber when the mileage item
was reached. An adjournment was
taken before a conclusion was reached.
Consideration of the amendments in
creasing the appropriation for the ex
penses of the district land offices pre
cipitated a discussion on the subject
of alleged land frauds, in • which Mon
dell (R.) of Wyoming, author of the
amendment, took a principal part.
The provision of the urgent ; deficiency
bill to defray the expenses of the In
ternational Exchange Commission and
another provision authorizing the con
solidation of customs collection districts
were stricken out.
A carnation adorned the lapel of the
coat of nearly every member of the
House to-day, in commemoration of the
late President; McKlnley's birthday.
The chaplain referred feelingly, to the
late President.
on Tavo Trips.
Mnddox o/ Georgia Opposes Payment
DEBATE OX MILEAGE.
PARIS, Jan. 29. — In the Chamber
of i Deputies to-day Premier Combes
replied to the allegations that dissen
sions existed in thi Cabinet. He said
Finance Minister Rouvier and Marine
Minister Pelletan always had held op
posite views concerning, the Govern
men' ownership of railroads. There
was nothing inconsistent with this, as
ii was a minor question, not connected
with the general policy of the Cabinet.
The interpellation on the subject
was postponed by a decisive vote,
which was considered as disposing of
the reports of Cabinet dissessions.
Premier Makes a General Denial to
"Rumors Alleging That Dis
sension Exists.
COMBl3» SAYS FRENCH
CABINET IS HARMONIOUS
WEW YORK, Jan. 29.— The Central
Pacific Railway Company, now a part
of the Harriman Pacific system, to-day
paid into the sub-treasuny about
$2,800,000, representing another install
ment of its obligation to the Federal
Government.
Central Pacific Pays Millions.
It is generally conceded that the
false reports concerning the situation
in the Far East, spread about last
night, were responsible for the liquida
tion by the weak long interest.
The leading bulls said the drastic
liquidation had left the market in, a
healthier condition than ever and more
open to further advances than for sev
eral days past.
NEW ORLEANS, Jan. 29.— The
long expected reaction came in the
cotton market this morning and coun
try longs went wild in their efforts to
liquidate. Their offerings swamped
the market for a while and prices
went down from forty-five to eighty
six points. The prominent bulls were
heavy buyers at the decline and even
at the lowest buying offers of a few
hundred bales would send the market
up ten points.
The caution was sounded yesterday,
when brokers commenced to ask $10 a
bale margin.
BERLIN, Jan. 29. — A medical in
quiry is being made into a strange
case of a number of girls belonging to
a cooking school, who were made sick
recently by eating salad made from
canned beans. Four of the girls are
dead and nine are dying. Up to the
present the investigation has failed
to define the exact nature of the pois
on, whether it was due to some new
plant poison or whether it developed
from decomposed meat used in mak
ing the salad.
Berlin Authorities Will Investigate
Case of Girls in Cooking School
Who Used Conned Goods.
FATAIi RESULTS FROM
EATING BEAN" 'SALAD
WASHINGTON, Jan. 29.— Senator
Hoar to-day submitted a petition from
citizens of New Haven, Conn., praying
that before the final ratification of the
Hay-Bunau-Varilla treaty the action
of the United States may be subjected
to careful and delibeiate investigation.
When this petition had been read Sena
tor Platt of Connecticut offered another
petition from more, than 100 business
men of New Haven, without distinc
tion of party, justifying the President
In the recognition of the independence
of Panama and requesting ratification
of the convention.
Petitions For and Against Panama
Treaty*. Offered ia Senate.
NEW HAVEN INTERESTED.
get the position to be vacated by Wil
liam J. Buchanan.
The. constitution prepared • by the
constitutional convention will be
ready next Monday in its revised form
for its last reading. • The- probabilities
are that there will be no further modi
fications. One article that has been
added relative to the United States
interfering in the internal troubles of
the republic has caused popular re
sentment. Circulars have been dis
tributed in the streets declaring that
the article destroys the political lib
erty of the people of Panama.
LEGATION OFFICIAL, WHO
MAY BE MADE MINISTER
AT PANAMA.
During the meeting no reference was
made either to the Panama situation or
to that in the Far East.
President Roosevelt spofce with deep
feelfng of the retirement of- Secretary
Root. He' wished it* understood that,
while under the circumstances he could
make no public expression of his feel-
Ings without the appearance of trench
ing on propriety, he was sincerely in
debted to Secretary Root for the great
work he had accomplished. No one,
not even #, member of the Cabinet,
could realize the labor, self-sacrifice,
generosity and disinterestedness which
had characterized Secretary Root's en
tire career as a member of the Cabinet
or how much his devotion to his great
task had meant to the administration
and to the country. Especially had all
this been true of the Secretary's work
during the last six months, when he
had expended lavishly of his energy
and ability, without thought of credit
to himself, but solely with the idea of
advancing the interests of the Presi
dent, his successor ana the people of
the United States. ,
In the President's tribute to Secre
tary Ro5t the other members of the
Cabinet cordially joined. • \
WASHINGTON. Jan. 29— President
Roosevelt, Secretary Root and Gover
nor Taft were the principal figures at
to-day's Cabinet meeting. The meet
ing after the transaction of the usual
department business developed into a
farewell for Secretary Root and a re
ception for Governor Taft.
Retiring Secretary of War and His
Successor, General Taft, Attend
Cabinet Meeting.
PRESIDENT HAS MANY
;^; >.; • KIND WORDS FOR ROOT
I BERLIN. Jan. 29. — The Berlin
municipal authorities have decided to
make. an attempt to exterminate the
microbes in the public library. Profes
sor Koch having called attention to
the danger of spreading infectious dis
eases through books loaned indiscrim
inately from librariea. The profes
sor's representative, during the for
mer's absence in South Africa, where
he is studying the rindpest for the
British Government, has drawn up a
plan for attacking the microbes,
which will be submitted to the library
committee of the Municipal Council
next Tuesday. It is intended to adopt
some method of disinfecting books
after their use. The municipal disin
fectatlon station "will take charge of
the matter.
Professor Koch to the Spread
of Disease.
German Authorities Call Attention of
WITiL FIGHT MICROBES
IX LIBRARY BOOKS
WASHINGTON, Jan. 29.— Lieutenant
General Chaffee as chief of staff has
made a report to the Secretary of War,
which will be transmitted to Congress,
urging -an appropriation of $2,000,000 for
the purchase of four tracts of ground,
one in each of the four Quarters of the
Unitod States, for military maneuvers.
Chaffee says j that* experience" shows
that itis not possible to rent suitable
tracts, % : so he proposes to\ take the
ninety-fifth v meridian, cross it by the
twenty-ninth parallel, and purchase a
maneuvers. tract within each of the
four quarters formed. He says the sit
uation indicates a desirable location in
the Conewago Valley,' in Pennsylvania,
also a section in the vicinity of West
Foiht, Ky., and the section known as
J. H.' Henry ranch, in California.
No point. has been looked for in the
northern section. Only an approximate
estimate of the price of the land is
given. The tracts desired must be from
seven to eight miles long and from
JJiree to four miles. wide.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 29.— United
States Minister Thompson to Brazil
called at the State Department to-day
and had a conference with the officials
of the department touching a matter
of importance to the milling interests
of the Northwest. The Minister prac
tically Has succeeded In opening the
vast markets of Brazil to American
flour. The means by which this has
been accomplished will be disclosed
later. An incident In the prosecution of
his task was the defeat by Minister
Thompson of an attempt to bestow
upon a German syndicate a monopoly
of the right to make flour in the state
of Pernambuco. The proposition had
almost become a law.
COTTON PRICES
GO TUMBLING
"We are in earnest and terribly in
earnest about this. Outside of the Ohio
and the Pittsburg district coal is now
mined on the fair run of mine basis,
and we have honest methods of weigh
ing and paying for the product of a
miner's labor."
"A reduction in wages will benefit no
one. The operators would not be bene
fited. They would have to give it to the
railroads."
Referring to the differential and the
run of .mine basis demand, Mitchell
said:
In opening the argument for the ope
rators. Robbins of PIttsburg called at
tention to the fact that the miners
have had an increase of 36 per cent
during the last seven years.
In reply to Robbins, President Mitch
ell spoke for the miners. He said:
INDIANAPOLIS, Jan. 29.— The open
ing of the Joint conference of Indiana,
Ohio, Illinois, Western Pennsylvania
and West Virginia coal operators and
miners was delayed to-day by the ope
rators holding a caucus to formulate
their demands. At the "caucus last
night the operators found it impossible
to get together. Many operators urged*
that the operators make their demands
conservative. The Western Pennsyl
vania and Ohio operatqrs announced
that they would refuse to consider the
run of mine basis and the 7 cents dif
ferential.
To-day the miners' demands were
presented by President Mitchell, and
a substitute from the operators de
manding a decrease of 15 per cent was
submitted by F. L.. Robbins. Both were
voted down and referred to- the Joint
scale committee.
Officer. ¦Suggests That Loca
tions Be Made in Four Suit
able Quarters of the Country
•XEW YORK, Jan. 29.— Bradstreet's
to-morrow will say. Weather condi
tions have been unfavorable through
out a *.vide area, and while in some in
stances helpful to retail trade, extreme
cold- or heavy snows have rather
sluar^ly disturbed spring trade and re
tarcked transportation. Th*re is a
r.ather quieter feeling found also in
several lines of si>eculation and of in
dustry. An exception to this is found
ifi the South, which section, stimulated
by almoct undreamed of cotton prices,
is preparing to plant an enormous
acreage.
Suring trade, which was opening
actively in the Southwest, has b?en
brought practically to a standstill for
the time being by zero weather. Rather
less satisfactory reports come from the
iron 5 and steel trade. Building is prac
tically suspended at a number of cities
and lumber is generally quieter. Wool
is firm, with a steady volume of busi
ress* at Boston. Wheat, including
fljiur, exports for the week ending Jan
uary 28 aggregate 2.917,622 bushels,
against 3,5^,192 last week and 4,420,065
this week last year.
Business failures for the week end
ing January 2S number 242. against 230
in the like week in 1901 In Canada fail
ures for the week number IS. which
compares with 30 in the same week last
year. . -
R. G. Dun & Co.'s Weekly Review of
Trade to-morrow will say:
Business conditions would be most
satisfactory if present high prices for
the leading staple? were the re«ult of
•wholesale demand, but the prominence
of manfpula*ion prevents any such
gratif jMng conclusions. Aside from the
lines temporarily stimulated by severe
weather trade is Quiet, and evidences
of increased activity with the approach
o* spring are hopefully awaited. Re
j.orts of the building outlook have been
prepared by branch ofliif-s of R. G.
Dun"& Co. at the leading cities and in-
that high cost of materials and
labor hnvc curtailed operations, al
though the year li»03 showed a good
p? t in .over 1902. Demand for lumber is
KTsadrtally improving, stocks in the
yards are liRht as a result, and at
tractive prices promise a large cut.
Weather conditions are favorable for
wir/.er wheat. Transportation has suf
fered some interruption by storms, but
railway earnings thus lar reported for
January are 3 8 per cent larger than in
1902.
Optimistic reports are not numerous
leez-rding the iron and steel industry.
Comparatively quiet conditions in hides
have not dc-pressed the tone. Failures
this treek numbered 202 in the United
States, against 242 last year, and 2S in
Canada compared with 30 a year ago.
Zero Weather in the Southwest
Has a Disastrous Effect on
the Business Conditions
Negotiations Will Result in
Vast Benefits to Milling
Interests of United States
President Says a Reduction in
Schedule Would Benefit No
One Except the Railroad
JOHN
. WASHINGTON, Jan. 29.— Th^ Senate
to-day adopted-' the resolution, intro
duced, by.- Culberson for the Demo
cratic caucus which calls on .the Presi
dent to state whether the Senate, has
been supplied with all the fa«ts bear
ing on the controversy of Panama. The
vote on the resolution was unanimous,
but there was a rollcall on the amend
ment suggested by Cullom, for the,Re
publican side of the chamber, calling
for the information only , in .case the
President should consider it not : in
compatible with the public interest to
supply it. This amendment was adopt
ed, all the Republican Senators present
voting for. the, amendment and all the
Democrats, .'except McEnery (who
voted with 'the. Republicans); casting
their votes* against it. There were dur
ing the debate"frequent assurances that
notwithstanding the modification^ all
the papers''".- .bearing on the question*
would be; sent to the Senate.., •
The Culberson inquiry- no sooner had
been disposed of than the Bacon reso
lution looking to_ the adjustment of our
differences with. Colombia by. arbitraf
tion was considered. Bacon made an
extended speech in support of theprop
osition. ¦;'¦ . '?<^ ' '¦• •¦• '"', :.-'
Much of Bacon's discourse was de
voted to presenting the question' of ar
bitration for the settlement of interna
tional disputes. .
He said we first should proceed by
conciliatory advances toward Colom
bia and in case our proffer should, not
be favorably received then the entire
matter should "be submitted to arbitra
tion. He said even if we assumed that
all of the representations of the
United States were true and all those
of Colombia false, still there was an is
sue and the proper way to settle it was
the way of peace and conciliation.
He did not contend that our right to
recognize Panama should be arbi
trated, but he did hold that a question
fpr arbitration was presented in the
differences that have arisen over ttye
construction of the treaty of 1846.
Speaking of the proposition to tender
the good offices of the United States in
order to settle the controversy be
tween Colombia and Panama, Bacon
said that this mode of proceeding
would be inadequate because it would
not take into account Colombia's dif
ferences with the United States. In
this connection he reiterated that the
Panama revolution an accom
plished fact and said he further was
convinced that the .canal would be
built at Panama. This being true, he
argued that "there is no more impor
tant duty than to remove whatever
source of friction there may. be."
He said he heard it stated that Co
lombia would be perfectly conciliated
if the United States would devote
IIQ.OOO.OOO for the purpose of building
a railroad connecting Bogota with the
canal. If such were the case he did
not believe the United States could do
better than to meet the suggestion fa
vorably. The Senate, then went into
executive. session and at 5:15 p. m. ad
journed until Monday.
$2,000,000 IS PROPOSED
DlFFU'l'LT TO TRANSPORT
MITCHELL SPEAKS
GEKMAX SCHEME BEATEX
General Chaffee Recommends
an Appropriation to Buy
Land for Military Purposes
Operators Hold Caucus and
Decide to I? eject the Kun
ofOIine Plan of the Employe
American .Minister Thompson
Says 'Arrangements of Great
. Importance Have Been Made
Ktports From the Iron and
- Steel Industry Sltow That
Buildiiii* Jlas Bee A Retarded
Bacon of Georgia Makes Appeal on Lines
¦ of Conciliation and Declares. Colombia
Might Be Satisfied With rNew Railroad
SENATE WANTS ALL THE FACTS
ON THE PANAMA CONTROVERSY
WANTS TRACTS
FOR MANEUVERS
BRAZIL A NEW
FLOOR MARKET
COLD CHECKS
SPRING TRADE
MINERS OPPOSE
CUT OF WAGES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALU, SATURDAY, JANUARY 30,' 190*.
4
REQAI. SHOES. 1 -
111 ]j}very success has its
H imitators and the
Jlik Regal Shoe has had its
share. Trouble with
Mm 5^1&. imitators is that they imitate the
iS^el^rW^. appearance and forget the facts. It
mSSISB^^^^. snt e advertising, or the brass
I^^M^^^^ s^s, or the electric lights, that sell
Regal Shoes^ — it's the shoes them- '
JjlifflmwHia selves. The value is. there— -the
M^S^pl solid, honest leather — the skilled
l.ffilIPi™!i workmanship — the artistic style —
J^^^^pl^L the long, satisfactory wear.
isBgsBWBpJre^ Besides the sales in 60 Regal
Jj^^gg^B^ stores there are over 200,000 people
/iflfeSBflfSMJE who buy Regal Shoes regularly by
; mail. Half of Siom have been doing
llpPl^^fllljSjij or ve y ears - ou d on 't believe
' lt is possible to fool 100,000 people,
' \SmJJ^^Ssff continuously for five years, on such
1 ?^^ a sin^plc proposition as the wear of
y^ljwpr $3.50 every where and always.
: ' - Ther* are 60 Reg-nl stores, 20 of them in Greater New Tork, where the style*
Originate*. The new style* are on sale at oar San Francisco store at the same time
, as in the New York stores.
San Francisco Store, Cor. Geary and Stockton Sts.
ADVERTISEMENTS, ".i
I A TRIUMPH
I ILLUSTRATION
I jF=T ¦ — =— |
0 • F I =
| F ! j TOPICS
i E 1 7\ E TIIAT AKE
I £ 1 1/ TIMELY.
1 jj Cents b zzr
I A UNION
N o LABOR |
D & | n AND
i CORPORATE j
U CAPITAL,
M $J,50 ASSAILED.
0 I A
j -a ENTERTAINING
T fl R FROM
1 H w COVER TO
L Year cover.
It/'
*. | j •
! ¦ " ,
! FKW News Stands t
j , sV I *
FEBRUARY
I OVERLAND MONTHLY
OCEAN TRAVEL. :
e Steamers le»v« Ssn Fran-
cisco as follows:
For Ketchikan. Wranr«l,
Junesu. Halnes. Skagua>,
etc.. Alaska— 11 a. m. Jan.
26, 31. Feb. 5. Chanxe to
company's steamer* at S«-
For Victoria. Vancouver.
Port Townsend. Seattle. Ta-
ooma Everett, Whatcom — 11 a. m. Jan. 26. 31.
Feb 3. Change *t Seattle to this company *
stranu-rs for Alaska and O. N Ry.; at BeattU
j or Tacoma to N. V. Ry.; at Vancouver to C.
' fKumboldt Ba y)— Pomona. 1:30
I p. m. .Ian. X\. •£>. Feb. •»: Corona. l:3O p. m.
! Vor Lm Anctlti <via Pert Los Angeles and
i r.«><londq>. San Ui*&> and Santa Barbara—
¦ Santa tiara. Si'rxiays. » a. m.
State of California. Thursday*. » a. m.
For Lcs Anceles (via. San Pedro and East
i San Podr..). fanta Barbara. Santa Cruz Mon-
'¦ t»r»y Sun Simoon. Cayueos. Port Harford (3an
LuH 'Ob»s»po). Ventura and Huenerae. •
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. Jan. 23. Feb. 6.
Bonlta. 9 a m.. Fob. 0. .^
For Kwwnada. Macdalena Bay. San Jose <TM
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. L» Pas, Santa Ro-
salia. Guaymas (Mex). 10 a. m., 7th of eacn
month.
For further Information obtain folaer.
RUcht is reserved to change steamers or sail-
ing dates.
TICKET OFFICES — 4 New Montgom-
ery itmt (Palace Hotel). 10 Market street and
Broadway wharves.
Fr^leht office. 10 Market street.
C. I>. DfNANX, General Passenger Agent. .
10 Market »tr*>et. San Francisco.
O. !?."« N. CO.
Oretun sails Jan. 2S. Feb. 7. 17. 27. March
9, ;••> and 29. S. S. Oreuon U temrorarHy In
s-rvioe tnat»»'l of the Columbia. G*or«» W.
Kld»r *alla Jan. 23, Feb. 2. 12. 22. Matvh 4.
1» and 24; On5y stearrshlr> Una to POUT-
LAND. OR., and shcrt r-»il lin<» from Portland
to all nolnt.* Kart. Thrcush tickets to al'
, polnta. all rl'.l cr steamship and rail, at LOW-
i EST RATH/ 1 . Steamer tickets Include berth
ami meal*. Stearrer *ail* foot of fixrar st. at
11 a. m. S. F. BOOTH. Gen. AKt. Pasa. I>pt..
1 Montynn-.ery st. : C. CLIFFORD, Gen. Agt.
Freight IVpt.. 3 Montgomery »t.
AMEJRIC.a.11 ¦ I.I3TE.
Plymouth — Cherbourg- — Sontaamptoa.
From New Ycrk Saturdays at &:UU a. m.
St. IjOuIs Feb. BiSt. Paul ..Feb. 10
New York F«b. H, Philadelphia ..Feb. U7
ATLANTIC TStASTSPOST LISIE.
Haw York — London Dtract.
Mir.nehaha Feb. 6. 0 A. M.
Minneapolis ¦' Feb. 13. 3 P. M.
M«-aba Feb. 20. 9 A. M.
MInnetonka Feb. 27. 2 P. M.
Only First-Class Passengers Carried.
BOXIX2TXO2I LINE.
Portland — Liverpool — Short sea passage.
Canada Feb. «|Canada Mar. 12
Dominion Feb. 27i Vancouver M*r. 2<J
HOLLAND-AMISICA T.TTTX.
New Twin-screw Steamers of 12.50O Tons.
i Hew Tork— Botterdam, Via Bonlon*.
1 Sallinc Tuesday ct 10 a. m.
.Rotterdam Feb. ZStatendara Feb. 23
i tSloterdyk Feb 16j*Anisterdam ...Mar. 1
•Steerage only tFrelirht only.
¦ srB STAB LINE.
New York — Antwerp — Paris.
FIn'W. Feb. 6. 1O:.~O amiKrn'ld. Fb2O. 10:30 am
Vad'.'d.Feb. 1-1. 10:- o .0am!Zeerd. Fb27. 10:30 am
WHITE STAS XJ2TX.
Hew York — Qneeastown — Liverpool.
Sailing Wednesdays and Fridays.
Majesttc, Feb 3. 10 amlCedrlc. .Feb. 24. 11 am
OceamcFeb. 10. 1 pmjMaJestlc.Mar. 2. 1ft am
Celtic. .Feb. 17. 6 am, Oceanic. .Mar.9. Noon
Boston— Queenstown. — Liverpool.
CrotJc Feb. 4. Mar. 3. Mar. 31
Cymric Feb. 13. Mar. 17. Apr. 14
BOSTON MEDITEBBANEAN SEKV1CE.
Azores, Gibraltar, Naples, Oeaoa,
REPUBLIC (n«w) Feb. 13 Mar. 28
ROMANIC Feb. 27. Apr. », May 14
CAN OPIC Mar 12
C D. TAYLOR. Passenger Agent Pacific Coast.
21 Post St.. San Francisco.
»fAt£lERS. MAP5EILLE5. CUQA^U I
ff WAPttS & AUXANDRtA, ¦
CANOP1C Jan. 3O. Mar. ft
REPUBLIC (new) Feb. 13. Mar. 2»
ROMANIC Feb. 27. Apl. 9. May it
(Send for rates and illustrated booklet.)
These steamers are the largest In the
Mediterranean service.. ¦•-',,.
First class. 90S upward.
Boston to Liverpool Q u^iSow»
" CRETIC Feb. 4." Mar. 3. Mar. 31
CYMRIC Feb. IS, Mar.. 17. ApL: 14
Flrit clase. (60 and |65 upward.- accord-
ing to' steamer. For plans, etc.. address
\$H1TE STAR LINE. 77-81 State st.
Boston, or to C. D. TAYLOn. 21 Post at..
TOYO KISEN KAISHAf
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.) _.f.
Steamers will leave wharf, owner First and
Brajinan streets, at 1 p. m.. for YOKOHAMA
and HcnRkong. calling at Kobe (Htogo*. Naga-
saki ' and Shanghai, and connecting at Hung-
kong with uteamern for India, etc. No cargo
received on board the day of sailing.
Via Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at reduced
rates/ For trvlsM and passage apply at Com-
pany' a office. 421 Market »tre*t. comer FirsC
pany s oi H AVERY Oeneral Agent .
s «s VLAJIEDA. for Honolulu. Jan. 50. II a.m.
S a MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Feb. 11. 11 a. rn.
s" s' VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney. Thursday. F«b. 11. 2 p. m.
4J. IWCnU & 5S8S.H., liXfcMS.Ha.M3 larMS
fi^.(ki.W>^SLrjrlU.foj&!l ,
C0KPA0MI5 eSKESALS TEAK3ATL1!ITI)7J.
DIRECT LINE f O HAVRE-PARIS. -„-,!_
<aiiins every Thursday instead of «ff«j»k
Saturday, at 10 •»• m - '"'m Pier 42. *35ara5~
North Klver, foot of Morton st. - ¦ ¦ ,
First class to, Havre, $70 and. upward. Sec-
ond class to -Havre. $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGEKCY FOR .UNITED STATES .4ND
CANADA. Ti -Bioadwav (Hudson Building)
New York. J. F. FUGAZI '& CO:. Pacific Coast
Agents. 3 Montgomery avenue. San Frantlsco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ttcket Agents. '
Mjuto Ulaaa Mid ; YaHejo Sttamen/
Steamer GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICKLLO—
»:45 a. m.. 3:15 and *tSO p. m.. rxcept Sunday
Sunday, J.45 a. m.,S:3O p.m. Lea*e .Vallajo.
i a. m.. 1U:3O an>l IS p. m.. ex. Sunday, tfnn-
dar. 1 ».? «-• *:15 P- rn. Fare, 50. cents. Tel.
Main 1508. Pier 2. MJjston-st. dock. HATCH
WEEKLY CALL, $1.00 PEB TEA&.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
0 C^^y A MJLLION AMERICAN BOUNCING^
E \*li%' BABIES are kept crowing -with the de- I
f 1 .>— *^ggjBg light of living because their mamas have !
ti Vlj^ffl^pespj»i^learned to use OASOARETS Candy Ca- §j
[j s JmT^E&S" thartic. Neighborly neighbors tell Pa
p /> ' eacn other of OASOARETS and the ff
h if / kind words said have created a sale of h
U f / fflh over A MILLION EOXES A MONTH. |
ff /// EEJ It is eaoy to protect infants against ft
H I (I children's complaints, because all £a
ft Vk ""*""* V these perils have their beginning in K
fp V& rg^— * -flHBT 8tomacn and bowels, and wfc have |
P K <?* ( "^ Wl"^ TTCstM 11 CASOARETS a perfect medicine B
iv/ C-7 V«^Jj^ M!&X\ that < ? ri11 al waya keep the delicate I
P^»>\ &f£T machinery in a child's body clean, E
S T". VlwVi 'tWHtKwNMTZ re 8- ular and in -working order. Chil- g
f> dren like the little candy tablet and B
HJ V C~??_J3rJ& are kept Bafo from a11 stomach, bowel, S
U \ t)lood and 8^ n diseases. All druggists 'H
H ISvs. jq. JP$P\_ 1Oc « 25c » 60c - never sold in bulk! f«
U •^^^^S^'£e&R)!&K. ' rto eeuuine tablet stamped E$
j I COO. Sample and booklet free, fi?
jl "They mate me STERLING REMEDY CO., . |
K feet to goodt" Chicago or New York I
ml wSw fwk • VSR \ iK»k SL %£^F mm MM \ E4 nt 19 %£pQ 1 K3
P CATwnwTtr wNfKfti&^fl
I ANNUAL SALE -TEN MILLION BOXES 1
TWi Greatest in the World Jorial gate. The board adopted the
recommendation and awarded the
contract.
Treat your friends to a cup of Hills
Bros." Arabian Roast Coffee. •
The Government makes enough
money on the cent pieces made to pay
the entire expenses of the mint.
This week 25 per cen.t reduction on
every heater in stock. San Francisco Gas
and Electric Company. 415 Post street. •
Miss Ethel Clary— White embroid
ered lace frock. ' .
Mrs. C. H. Hilbert— White tucked
chiffon with chiffon ruffles.
Mrs. C. Mi Stone — White embroid
ered satin gown trimmed in white lace.
Miss Hastings — Cream lace \ over
blue taffeta. •
Miss , Gray — Pink . embroidered
mousseline over Dink silk.
Miss May Foulks — White and green
/striped silk with bands of green rib
bon and chiffon bertha.
Mrs. Leuschner — Pink silk striped
in green, slashed with white chiffon.
Mrs. Fletcher— White lace over yel
low taffeta, yellow ve<vet bodice. '
Miss E. Parks — Black spangled
chiffon over white taffeta.
Miss Katherine Selfridge — White
crepe de chine frock.
Miss Ethel; Kent — Pink and white
jusi trimmed with white lace.
Miss Mattie Milton— White chiffon
over white taffeta, with stomacher of
white lace.
Miss Foster — Pink brocaded silk
with sink chiffon and white lace.
Miss Paula Wolff — White chiffon
with Valenciennes lace flounce and
white ribbons.
Miss Florence Cole — White jusi
over white taffeta.
Miss Jane Wilshire — Black crepe de
chine with black chiffon and red-roses.
Miss Sophie. Borel — Pink brocaded
silk with black lace spangled butter
flies. •- . # •
crepe de chine trimmed In white lace.
Mrs. W. H. Clary — Black satin with
spangled yoke. .'V \
MRS. T. P. BISHOP. AND TWO
OTHER ATTRACTIVE WO
MEN, AT THE ASSEMBLY.
Owing to the number of dinners that
preceded the ball many of the guests
entered almost at midnight.
Among the buds, belles and matrons
v.ho wore distinctive gowns were the
following:
Mrs. H. E. Huntington,' who wore an
exquisitely shaded chiffon crepe
white at the bodice, shading to violet,
like a morning-glory,- at the bottom.
Mrs. A. _ H. Voorhies, gowned in
heavy white brocade, with Irish point
bertha.
Mrs. J. Malcolm Henry, in white em
broidered chiffon over -ivory satin, with
point d'Alencon. . # .
Mrs. F. Tallant,. who wore one of the
handsomest frocks at the ball— a black
Battcnberg robe, over ivory satin, with
black chiffon angel sleeves overhang
ing shimmering white ones.
Miss Bessie Wilson — A diaphanous
white frock with silver spangles.
Miss Marion Huntington — Pink chif
fon, with bebe roses outlining the cor
sage and hidden among the flounces.
Miss Lewis — Black crepe de chine.
Miss Owens — Blue silk, trimmed in
blue chiffon and white 'lace. ;
Miss Elise Gregory— Embroidered
pink chiffon. . .
Mrs. John C. Adams — White tulle
with silver spangles over pink taffeta.
Mrs. Churchill— White embroidered
net. • •
Mrs. Eugene B. Grace— White Pom
padour silk, trimmed in black lace.
Mrs. Lewis I. Cowgill — Black lace
robe.
Miss E. Tallant— White dotted chif
fon-with pink roses/"." "
Miss McKillican— White chiffon
over pink.
Miss , Marian Plaw — White silk
frock. '/_ \,
Mrs. William Ede— Av'hite chiffon,
silver spangles over white taffeta.
Miss Edith Bull — Black lace, span
gled, over black taffeta, with red
roses.
Mrs. Pettigrew — Black lace over
white taffeta.
• Miss Helen PettigTew— White crepe
de chine with Irish point bertha.
Miss - Bessie Bates — Pink crepe de
chine.
Miss Charlotte Lally— White tulle,
•with black dots over pink taffeta.'
Mrs. Victor Lewis — Blue jusi, trim
med with blue chiffon.
- Miss Florence G ibbons-^-FInk dotted
chiffon over pink taffeta. '• '¦-.
- Miss Marjory Gibbons— White
Last night, after twenty years of
successful pleasure giving, the assem
bly closed its career of 1904 with a
flare of trumpets. And here's to. its
next season! May it be as brilliant
as the one just closed!
By 10 the guests began to arrive in
bevies, and what a stunning lot of
women! "What of the men?" Why,
they, too, were distinctive and metro
politan. But at balls it's the women
that make the picture. Cut out the
white shoulders, the gleaming jewels,
the glittering, shimmering gowns and
what sort of a picture would" you
have? True, there might be more
verve, more spontaneity to the sport,
if dancing can be classed sport, but
the visual picture would suffer.
The assembly has come and gone,
leaving, behind it a plenitude of chat
over the music — real Greenway music
— the gowns, the men, the maids and
a polite enthusiasm over a delectable
supper.
With exquisite grace Mrs. Alfred
Hunter Voorhies received the gruests
in the ballroom, assisted by Mrs. J.
Malcolm Henry, Mrs. John D. Spreck
els, Mrs. William G. Irwin and Mrs.
H. E. Huntington.
So chaste is the ballroom, with its
ivory walls and cold traceries and Its
innumerable astral lights, further dec
oration seemed an instance of •paint
ing the lily. Therefore the decora
tions were confined to the end of the
¦ballroom, whence the music came.
Here a latticed wall of trailing vines,
supported by palms, gave the only
touch of color, save the scarlet divans^
along the wall, to the room of revelry.'
By Sally Sharp.
Buds and Belles in Radiant
Gowns Join Gayly
in the Dance.
After so brisk a season — the like of
which San Francisco has never known
before— weariness or satiety would
stalk abroad, but nay! At least, not
so one. can see It. But perhaps the
masseuse— bless her — can tell a tale
about that. v
LIST OF IXVITED GUESTS.
The list of invited guests follows:
Miss Elizabeth Allen, Miss Ruth Allen. Mr.
and Mrs. WorthlnKton Ames. Mr. and Mrs.
Frank B.. Anderson, Raymond E. Armsby, Mis.
Charles Alexander.
Miss Florence Bailey. John Bush Baird,
Phlllo 8. Baker, Mr. and Mrs. TVakefleld Ba
ker. Thomas J. Barbour, Lloyd Baldwin, Tom
O. Berry. K. N. Bee. K. C. Berkeley. Mr. and
Mrs. James Hall Bishop. Mi?s Leontlne Blake,
man, Mr.- and Mrs. Gordon Blandin?, MIs3
Susan Blatidin?, Mr. and Mrs. J. A. Black.
Miss Jennie" Blair. Leon "Bocqueraz. Allan St.
John Bowie; Mr. and Mrs. TV. B. Bourn, M!«s
Maud Bourn, Miss Sophie Borel, Miss Alice
Borel, S. H. Boardman, Miss . Bowie, Ham
Bowie Jr., Mr. and Mrs. E. E. Brownell, Mrs.
Pblllp Klnsr Brown. R. Godfrey Broderlck. Mr.
and Mrs. S. O. Buckb«e, Mr. and Mrs. S. C.
Buckbee. TV. S. Burnett, James TV. Byrne.
• Mr. and -Sirs. Maurice Casey, Miss Linda
Cadwalader. Mr. and Mrs. F. J. Carolan. Mrs. ,
A Chesebrough. Miss Helen P. Chesebrougb,
Mr. and Mrs. Horace Blanchard Chace, Mr.
and' Mrs. 'Warren D. Clark. Miss Ethel Cooper.
Miss Sophie Coleman, Miss Lucy G. Coleman,
F. ' II. . Coon, Mr. and Mrs. A. B. Costisan.
William B. Collier Jr., Miss Sara B. Collier.
Mrs. TV.- B.; Collier. S. L. Collier, Angelo
Come. E. J.' Coleman. W. H. Crocker, Mr.
and Mrs.- Sidney B. Cushine.
C. de Gulzn», Miss M. C. de Guigne. Miss
7.. de Gulgne, Miss Helen* de Young. Miss
Ethel' WY- -Bran. William Denman, Mr. and
Mrs.' E. R. Dlmond, Miss Katherine Dillon.
Benjamin H. Dlbblee. Miss Mertha M. Dol-
At midnight the merry throng for
sook the ballroom fc-r the allurements
of the Maple room, where supper was
spread. The tables were of varying
sizes,, though each was similarly ap
pointed. There were no floral decora
tions, the coloring coming from the
many colored candelabra. Gayly the
guests supped, the younger set return
ing to the. dance. This, the insatiety
of youth, is the glow that makes a
dance* worth while. •
Miss Amy Gunn — Pink chiffon with
white lace.
Miss Jessie Fillmore — White jusi
with velvet bodice.
Miss Boone — Dainty white silk frock.
Miss Green— Pink figured silk with
pink roses.
Miss Flc-rence Booth— White dotted
Swiss Avith girdle of pink silk.
Mrs.. George Cameron— White crepe
de. chine with velvet bodice.
Mrs. Bovet— Blue crepe de chine with
white chiffon and lace. '
Miss Alice Borel— White corded silk
with bertha of point d'Alencon.
Miss Elsie Dorr— White satin chiffon
over white taffeta.
William D. Page. Mrs*. Abby *M. Parrott.
Mr. and Mrs. S. II. Palmer. Mr. and Mrs.
John Parrott. Miss Emily Parrott. Miss Abby
Parrott. Mrs. Louie B. Parrott, Miss Marie
Louise Parrott. Mlas Mayleta Pease. James I>.
Phelan Amos Ira Pierce, Mr. and Mrs. II. t>.
Pillsbury, Roy M. Pike. Edgar Pelxotto. Mr.
and Mrs. George A. Pope. Carter P. Pome
roy. Miss Pomeroy, I. H. Polhemus, Mlsa Amy
Porter Mr. and Mrs. Edgar F. Preston.
G. L. Rathbone. F. Reis Jr.. James TV. Reid.
Mrs*. Caroline II. Robinson. Miss Elena Rob
inson^ H. H. Rosseau. Gaston E. Roussy.
L,. M. Robins, Dr. Tracy G. Russell. Mi**
,w- b' Sanborn, John '"A. Sanborn, Mr. and
Mrs' K. G. Sohmiedell. II. H. Scott. H. T.
Scott Prescott Sstott. Mr*. Hyde Smith. Ger
trude Hyde Smith. W. H. Smith Jr., B. G.
Scmers. Mr. and Mrs. John D. - Spreckels.
Grace Sj>reckel?. Lillie C. Spreckels. Mr. and
Mrs Rudolph Spreckels. Mr. and Mrs. John
I> Spreckels Jr.. Harry N*. Stetson. Major Wil
liam Stephenson. Mr. and Mrs. Frank Sulli
van, Alice Sullivan.
Mr. and Mre. Frederfck "W. Tallant, Mr. and
Mrs. W. H. Taylor.- Mr». John D. Tallant.
Elsie Tallant, Mr. and Mrs. August Taylor.
Dr Harry L. Tevis, TV. TV. Thurston. Miss
Mabelle Toy. Philip TV. Tompkins, Mr. and
Mrs. Joseph Tobin. Clement Tobin. E. J. To
bln. J. L. Tobin. C. R. Tobin. Miss Celia To
bin Mr. and Mrs. TV. B. Tubbs. Mrs. Anno T.
Tubba. Mr. and Mrs. "YW S. Tevis.
Carey Van Fleet, H. P. VeeUer, Mrs. A. II.
Voorhles.
Mr. and Mrs. Cyrus Walker. Helen L.
TVagner. George H. TVhlpple. Miss Florence
TVhlttell.' J. »C. TVilnon. Alfred .11. TVllcox.
Miss Bessie Wilson, Captain Frederick Wild.
E. A. WUtsee. Ur. and Mrs. M. S. Wilson.
Mr. and Mrs. Chauneey Winslow, Mr. and
Mrs. RusseJl Wilson, Miss Emily Wilson.
Mr. ajid Mrs. Frederick Zelle. Dr. Eugene
Zelle. John Zeile.
beer Mr. and Mrs. J. A. Donohoe. Mr. and
Mra F G. Drum. Miss Sara Drum, Mr. and
Mrs. Dryadale. Mr. and Mrs. W. N. Drown.
Miss Virginia Newell Drown. Miss Bernie
Drown It. McK. Duperu, Miss Gertrude Dut
<on. Mr. and Mrs. Henry K. Button, Harry S>.
D 3Ir° n anJ Mrs. A. M.Kaston. Mrs. C .P.
Eellp Mms Gertrude Kells. Charlotte Ellin
wood, Kobrrt M. Eyre. Mr. and Mrs. t. L-
Evrc
Captain S. L. Falson, George R. Field. E.
Courtney Ford. Mr. and Mrs. J. II. Follls. C.
G. Fclllif. Mr. and Mrs.. J. A. >ol£er Mrs.
Florence Pope Frank, Mrs. T. C. Frledlander.
Christian Kroelic-h. _,
George W, Gibbs. TV. F. Goad. Robert P.
Greer. Fred A. Greenwood. Mr. and Mrs.
Frank Griffin. N. M. Griman. Miss Ellse
Gregory. Mr. and Mrs. J. D. .Grant. Mr. and
Mr«. Francis Grace.
trances J.. Harris. Ralph V . Hart. Alb-rt
V. Hanford. Albert Hanford. W. F, and Mrs.
Herrin. Miss lierrln. Eugene E. Hewlett. Mrs.
Malcolm H«nry. E. W. Hoj.l:in». J. R. Howell.
H. »i. Holbruok. ilr. and Mrs. Robert O.
Hooker. William E. Hough. Edward W. How
anl Miss Frances S. Howard, Carl \\ . How
ard Jr.. Mr. and Mrs. AVUlard V. Huntingto-n.
Mr. and Mr*. \V. G. Irwin.
Miss Mary Jotsllm, Cdptaln F. E. Johnson,
Miss Virginia Joll'.fre. Miss Gertrude Jolllffe.
Percy L. King, Lucy Kins. Janwa L. Kins.
Frank B. Kins. Allen G. Kittle. Miss Kittle.
Mrs. Homer King. Miss Genevieve King-. Miss
Hazel King:. Mr. and Mrs. Samuel Knishl. i. .
Frederick Kclil. Mary E. Kohl. Consul Paul
Kosakevltch. Mr. and Mrs. Krauthoft.
Miss Pearl Landers, Mrs. E. C. La Mon
tagne. Mrs. G. B. Lansing. Mrs. M. S. Latham.
H. B. l^arzalere. John Lawson. John M. Lewi*.
Mr. and Mrs. Eugene Lent. Norman B. Liver
more, Elizabeth King Livermore. Mr. and Mrs.
Alex Lillcy, William J. Lyeter. George Lewis,
Mr. and Mrs. George II. Lent.
Knox Maddox. Mrs. Eleanor Martin. George
T. Ma rye. Mr. and Mrs. George A. Martin. Mr.
and Mrs. Walter S. Martin. Mr. and Mrs. E. J.
McCuicher. Athole Me Bean. E. A very Mc-
Carthy. Mr. and Mrs. C.-R. Mclntosh. Edwin
McAfee, Mr. and Mrs. S. B. McXeir. Mr. and
Mrs. Fred AV. McNear. Bessie McXear. Dr. TV.
V. McXutt. Miss Ruth McNutU Mr. and Mra.
Latham M.-Mullln, Ernest L. MeConnick, Rear
Admiral and Mrs. McCalla. Miss Stella Mc-
Calla. George II. Mendell Jr.. John Hubert Mee.
Mr and Mrs. M. H. A. Miller. Miss Elizabeth
¦ Mills Miss Ardella Mills. Addison Mizner.
Mr. and Mrs. K. I>. Murphy.
Mr. and Mr?. TV. Mayo Newhall, Miss Xw
hall. Mr. and Mrs. Georce Xeivliall.
Mr. and Mrs. P.obert Oxnard. Mr. and Mrs.
James Otis. •
John D. Spreckels. F. A. Hyde. F.
V.'. McXear and S. C. Buckbee, a dele
ration' from the beard of governors of
the Automobile Club of California,
v aited on the commission and request
ed to be heard in respect to the pro
posed ordinance to regulate the use of
automobiles in Golden Gate Park. The
Ocmrriisslortrs decided to defer consid
l eration of the subject until the regular
ir.o^ti-gr of the board in February. The
ordinance will not be passed to print
until a full hearing Is given.
fcrooks Ridley, v.ho has agreed to
deliver to the chief of the San Fran
cisco Fire Department an electric au
tomobile that will run twenty miles in
nr><? hour without making a stop, asked
ct the commission the privilege of test
inz the machine on t!ie park roads at
some early morning hour.
MAY USE SOUTH DRIVEL
Request to use the main highway was
denied, but permission was given for
the test en the south road and over
look drive. The test will be made un
<jpr the supervision of Superintendent
McLaren.
The question of giving a name to
the new lake In Golden Gate Park
ram? up. The president suggested
that it be designated as Model Yacht
Lake. Commissioner Sullivan main
tained that it should be named
Spreckels Lake in honof of the pres
ident of the commission, as he orig
inated the enterprise and gave the
¦work throughout his personal atten
tion. The president insisted that he
was not entitled to the honor and
;<dded that the Model Yacht name be
accepted. Commissioner Sullivan put
tho motion to name the lake for the
president and it prevailed by the votes
of SnJUvmn, Lloyd and Altman.
»\. d Campbell and P. Jennicke,
representatives of the Oceanside Im
p!«vemer.t Club, waited on the com
mission, presenting a request that the
prys company be granted the privilege
of* laying a main in the park, so that
illy? dwellers' on the south side near
the ocean might be supplied with gas
foT* Xluxninatins and cooking pur
poses.
DANGEROUS AUTOISTS.
It was explained to the board that
the main now extends to the spot
known as Coney Island, near the salt
water pumping station. The dele
gates said that light was needed in
that region, as the "autos" raced at
frightful speed in the night, endanger
ing the lives of persons going from
IJoulevard station to their homes.
The representative? of the club were
advised to confer with the gas com
pany and ascertain if the corporation
would agree to light the boulevard or
<3o anything else for the public in the
event of the commission granting the
privilege desired. Commissioner Lloyd
remarked that the water company had
declined to even supply free water for
a drinking fountain. It was the sense
of the board that the gas company
give the public something in
exchange for the privilege asked for.
Commissioner Altman submitted a
tiesig.*i f~>r the ornamental stone gate
nt the Stanyan-street entrance to the
Park. George McGillvary will supply
'lie stone and do the work for $2194.
This sum approximates the amount
given by Mrs. McCauley for the mem-
A meeting of the Board of Park Com
miEsioTiers was held yesterday after
noon at the lodge in Golden Gate Park,
President A. B. Spreckels presiding.
Commissioners Lloyd, Sullivan and
-Vl.tman and Superintendent John Mc-
Laren attended the session. The su
perintendent reported that a coyote
shot and killed in the park last
Thursday. The president reported that
Mongolian pheasants — six hens and a
roister — had arrived all right from Gil
roy. The commission gave a vote of
thar.ks to Elmer Ilea and the presi
dent for their enterprise and skill in
capturicg the pheasants. The super
intendent will keep the birds in the
*»viary for a few days before giving
them the freedom of the park.
The transport Sheridan will sail on
Monday, February 1, at 12 o'clock noon,
for Manila, via Honolulu. Besides a
large number of casuals she will carry
members of the hospital corps, the sig
nal corps and about fifty convalescents
v.ho are going out to join the different
regiments to which they belong.
The Tenth Infantry held its monthly
field sports yesterday on the lower pa
rade grounds. Major R. C. Van Vliet
acted as master of ceremonies. The
games were marked with great zest
and snirit and were hugely enjoyed,
by both participants and spectators.
Lieutenant Alden Trotter, Twenty
fifth Company, Coast Artillery, was ad
mitted to the general hospital yester
day and to-day will undergo an opera
tion for appendicitis.
Lieutenant Sherman A. "White regis
tered at headquarters yesterday. He is
en route to Malabang to join his regi
ment, stationed there.
The attendance was large, not only
of the post people, but a big delegation
of town folks went out to lend a help
ir.g hand to the worthy cause.
The entertainment was eirftvened by
the music of the post stringed orches
tra, which rendered an excellent pro
gramme of choice selections.
The guests were received by Mrs.
Morris, Mrs. Rawles, Mrs. Todd, Mrs.
Serrait. Mrs. Hinckley, Mrs. Conklin,
Mrs. Lewis; Mrs. Landers and Mrs.
Langdon.
Fluttering about the room and look
ing after the general welfare of every
body were Miss Effie Morris, Miss
Swigert, MHss Hobbs, Miss Gerrard,
Miss Serratt. Miss Moon, Miss Berry
and Miss O'Hara.
The coffee table, decked with red
geraniums and red candelabra, was
presided over by Mrs. Overton, Mrs.
Morris and Mrs. Rubottom.
The tea table, which was crowned
with yellow daffodils and yellow can
delabra, was in charge of Mrs. Rock
hill, Mrs. Andrews and Mi's. Maxwell.
Mrs. Fair and Mrs. Lemon had charge
of the cup table.
At the Presidio yesterday the atten
tion of the officers and ladles stationed
there was largely given over to the
benefit to Sirs. Lincoln, the deaconess
of the post. It was a most deserving
appeal, as Mrs. Lincoln's services are
almost invaluable. Almost her entire
time is devoted to assisting In the
United States general hospital, where
she helps the patients in many useful
ways, in writing letters for them to
their relatives and friends and with
cheering words of comfort and hope.
In fact, she acts as a staff to help
those that are afflicted with severe ill
ness. Her bright smile and happy
countenance always bring a ray of sun
shine into the sick wards whenever she
appears upon the scene.
The tea was In every way a success.
The hop room was gayly decorated
with a profusion of evergreens, while
the national colors were much in evi
dence. The room had taken on the air
of a reception hall. The floor was cov
ered with heavy rugs and here and there
were comfortable divans, and cozy cor
ners were much in evidence.
The ladies of the post had worked
hard and diligently and their efforts
were crowned with success.
Mrs. C. Morris and Mrs. J. B. Rawles
had charge of the general management
of the affair, and to them is largely due
the success of the entertainment. They
were most ably assisted by Miss Mor
ris and Miss Rawles.
Otransido Improvement Club
Asks Board to Grant Special
Privilege to Gas Company
DENVER, Jan. 29.— W. T. Coolldee,
who was reported to have been drowned
at Long Beach, Cal., last August, and
who was mourned as dead by some of
his relatives, has been found alive at
Sheridan. Wyo. This discovery saves
benevolent orders and insurance com
panies $11,000, the amount for which
he was insured.
Relatives of Coolidge are. accused of
trying to collect the insurance, know
ing that he was alive, and they may
be prosecuted. Coolldge is believed not
to have been implicated in any such
attempt. He was- arrested, but as he
told a straightforward story he was
released. He Bald he became estranged
from his wife, who was living in Den
ver, and went to the coast, where he
caused the report to be circulated that
he had been drowned. From San Fran
cisco he traveled over the greater part
of the country, but always under an
assumed name. He had, he said, no
intention of defrauding any one. but
had intended to start life anew.
For years Coolidge taught in the
country schools about Denver and was
prominent in the Order of Modern
Woodmen. At the time his death was
reported his wife had instituted divorce
proceedings, and the suspicions of the
insurance companies were aroused.
She "Will Carry Large Number
of Hospital and Signal Corps
Service Men and Many Casuals
EXPLAINS HIS ACTIONS
NAME FOR THE NEW LAKE
SHERIDAN SAILS MONDAY
Ordinance Regulating 3Iotors
Will Be Considered at Feb
ruary Meeting of Commission
Denverite, Thought to Have
Been Drowned, Denies Plan
ning ail Insurance Swindle
Officers and Ladies Stationed at
Presidio Give Benefit to Mrs.
Lincoln, Deaconess of Post
SPEED OF AUTOS
IS IN QUESTION
WORTHY MATRON
RECEIVES HELP
NO PROSECUTION
OF COOLIDGE
THE SAN . FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 30, 1904.
ASSEMBLY CLOSES HIGHLY SUCCESSFUL
SEASON WITH ITS BALL AT PALACE
5
ADVERTISEMENTS.
«i ¦ A s~y • • t ' ' i - '¦ "-*¦ *i
A corner in lclooy
Ray btannard BaKer s
Latest Labor Article
is in the February number of McClure's Mag-
azine. It reveals> the immensely interesting 4
and significant condition of the wage-earners of
§&iiijyr9Lti Cisco
Something entirely new in the labor worlds Sidelights on Mayor Schmitz7\
Some striking features of the labor situation on the Pacific Coast.
{[Si J&&£ B ffB H9| ' . EhJ h Mr$ S3h JSf A^^ mH
for February contains three other, great articles, 1
seven good short stories and beautiful pictures
Get McClure's from any - newsdealer." McClure agent or from. the publishers— 10c. a singlk
COPT: $1 FOR A . YEAR'S: SUBSCRIPTION. S." S." McCLURE CO.. 147 E. 25TH -? STREET. NETV YORK. N. Y-
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MUNYON'S
PAWPAW
CURING HUNDREDS.
Here Ape the Names
of a Few
LEADING PEOPLE.
Then Tell You Tnat Paw P^w
Cured Them.
DYSPEPSIA
Gets Out ol the Stomach When
Paw Paw Enters,
NERVOUSNESS
Sleeplessness and Catarrh Ape
Positively Cured hu
PAW PAW
Here Is the Proof— Read What
Theu Saus
Hon. Kitt Gould, Chicago, Repre-
sentative of the Third Senatorial District,
and for four years the attorney for the
State Board of. Pharmacy of Illinois,
says:
"I have been a great Bufferer from
Catarrh of the stomach, dyspepsia and
Indigestion, which completely ' upset my
nervous system. Munyon's Paw Paw has
driven out these distressing ailments
and has restored all my old-time energy
and vim. It Is a marvelous remedy."
The Hon. Samuel W. Lane of
Augusta. Me., is a national figure of such
prominence that he needs no Introduc-
tion at our hands. He says:
"I am pleased to state that I have been
using Munyon's Paw Paw for two
months with the greatest benefit. I have
been a sufferer for forty years from
Malaria and Dyspepsia, and for the care
of the latter I consider Paw Paw abso-
lutely unequaled.**
•Arcadivs Avellanva, Dr. Litt, Dr.
Ph., of Philadelphia, the most distin-
guished Latin scholar living, says:
"Prof. Munyon is entitled to the praise
of the entire medical fraternity and the
people as well for developing the re-
markably curative qualities of Paw Paw
and combining them with other medica-
ments In a remedy which will cure any
curable case of Dyspepsia." f
Captain Chas. A. De Arnaud, Wash-
ington. D. C. the man of whom President
Lincoln said: "Congress and the nation
owe Capt. De Arnaud a debt of grati-
tude for his services to Gen. Grant," an<l
whose damage suit for $200,000 against
Gen. Farnsworth will be tried this week,
says:
"I was a great sufferer from vertigo>
and could hardly walk. A Grand Army
comrade induced me to try Paw Paw.
and the results have been marvelous. I
desire to thank you In behalf of all suf-
ferers for the good you are doing."
Maj. De Batz of Washington, D. C,
j official translator of all foreign letters
and documents, says Paw Paw cured him
of acute indigestion, general debility and
I made him feel like a new man.
j So the good reports come In from
I every section. One cured person spreads
the news to his friends of this new vep-
etable pepsin which makes old stomachs
almost as good as new, and so the wave
of health goes on and on. People who
have been troubled for years with sleep-
! lessness say that since taking Paw- Pa-w
| they can sleep all night and get up feel-
| ing strong and refreshed. If you need a
tonic, if you need strength and good
cheer, try a bottle of Paw Paw and you
will have no need for any other stimu-
lant.
Sold by all druggists. Large bottle. $1.
Paw Paw Laxative Pills. 23c a bottle.
PEACE PROVOKERS AND
PROFANITY PREVENTERS
Often lie in the bosom of a shirt, the
curl of a collar. Hence, logically our
laundry promotes morality, in that Its
output causes no complaint, but soothes
the troubled spirits of men accustomed
to frayed* edges and crumpled bosoms.
Why don't you try this laundry for a
wMle and "be good"? J
No*saw>dges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY,
O77ZCS 1004 MA2XET STBIET.
. , . ?»>»r. PpWelL
¦ Phone grlT»t« Eiduutft 87.
"A CUKE IX 48 HOURS.
¦ ahi I H H n Cnr»d to 3TAT CURED. C«r*i
HUTllBnn remo*rd. He.ltS tntoM. A>
It \ I H VUfi II Uckia«T*rriora. E»th..rtiir.
¦ ¦ W.i . •¦ 1 ¦ i I 1 *.i T ,h»™. No fnrtW n~4 ol
aMdwfo**. Book «O FREE. Ninrtj »«!-•. »ll»S-.n1
iithnnimlHyl'tTu. f . Harolq Hay*. Bo-Talo, M.T,
j bONT^HACK
I high up en the chest. It won't cure yon in a m mate, bat
kj keep it on a reasonable length of time and yon will feel the
fj For the aching back after a Grippy Cold, nothing will
II benefit you as much as an Allcock's Porous Plaster.
J5 KEMEMBCK- Aiicoetr's Porous Plasters are equity eScctire twr weak back,
g J5~T* . *** «*r*«»« of th» Kidney*, pain* Hi tb« eh«*t, sprains, nUOtmam of , .
ft t&»jointa,aoraaaaaci«a or anr trouble arising Horn taking eotd or over-exertion.
fl Allcock's— the only cencine porous plaster. : ¦•-Marriage Licenses.
OAKLAND,' Jan. 29.— The following
marriage licenses were issued by the
County Clerk to-day: Frank Mattos
22, Irvington, and Elizabeth A. Santos'
Centerville: Walter _M. Peterson, over
21. and-Frankie E. Haskell, over .18
both of Oakland.
Nile Club Jinks.
OAKLAND, Jan. 29.— The Nile Club
will hold; a- Jinks -to-morrow evening
at its rooms, 1107 Broadway. Edwin
R. Jackson will be dictator.
Child's Skull Fractured.
OAKLAND. Jan. 29.— Olivia Strait,
the 2- year-old daughter of O. M. Strait,
living at 1050 Franklin street/ was
knocked down by a reckles3 driver this
evening and sustained a fracture of the
skull. The child was playing in the
street whena man in a buggy ran her
down. He did not stop, but' drove on,
leaving the, little one lying in the street.
Dr. Curdts treated her at the receiving
hospital, r It is feared that the child is
fatally injured.
of prizes and various other details
wll be attended to by Harrison Clay,
Harry V East Miller, Charles ":% Minor
Goodall, Milton Bulkley, Thomas Pra
ther, Dn.. Hayward G. ; Thomas, Gil
bert Belcher, Robert Lee Stephenson
and Harry Gordan.
OAKLAND, Jan. 29.— A man sup
posed , to be A. Salazar, who lived at
1404 Powell street, San Francisco, was
struck and instantly killed by a. train
at Emeryville station this evening.
The body is that of a man apparently
about 65 years of age.
.The unfortunate evidently had been
waitingfor a train back to the city
and stepped out fro*m behind a couple
of box cars as a through express came
by. . He was struck. by the engine and
hurled to the side of the tra<jk. When
he was picked up he was dead. In his
pocket was found a t receipted gas bill
of the San Francisco Gas Company
with the name and address as given
above. -
Man Supposed to Be A. Salazar of
San Francisco Is Struck by
Express Train. ..
Objects to Students Working.
OAKLAND, Jan. 29.— A resolution
has been drafted by the Sewer Work
ers' Union No. 719, of this city, ex
pressing disapproval of the' proposed
grading of the Hillegass Tract in
Berkeley by the student body on Feb
ruary 29, and the union has appointed
John White and D. Foley as a com
mittee to wait on President Wheeler
and inform him of the sentiment of the
union. ;V.^ ~ * * '*¦•
PUTS LI3I1T ON BOXING
CONTESTS IN OAKLAND
Only Three Clubs Now in Existence
Will. Be Permitted to Give the
Monthly Exhibitions.
OAKLAND, Jan. — The Police
Commissioners to-day adopted a reso
lution limiting the -issuance of boxing
contest permits to three a month, one
each for the clubs now existing in this
city. This action was taken on the
votes of Commissioners Turner and
McElrpy;. as opposed to Mayor Olney,
who desired that the holding of 'fights
b'e limited to one a month, the^clubs.to
ngree which should apply monthly.
William Duchrau, for the West Qak
land Athletic Club; Matt Reilly. rep
resenting 'the Sequoia Club, and
George T. Mahoney, manager of the
Reliance Club, appeared before the
board. They said the clubs had agreed
to" prevent conflict as to dates of con
tests by arranging that the Sequoia's
dates should be within the flrst -ten
days of the month, the Reliance Club's
in the second and the West Oakland
Club's in the third ten days.
The board's order will prevent any
outside clubs' from giving c6nt'ests in
this city sso long as the three a month
llmifis maintained. -• • ¦ -'.,.;.
Allejred Tool Thief -Caught.
OAKLAND, Jan. 29.— Thomas. % Wil
liams, alias' Edward Connors, was ar
rested this morning by Patrplman
Hamerton on a charge of stealing *a
large quantity of carpenters' tools from
partly constructed buildings. Tools
owned by R. . F. Hollis and J. W.
Wright were being carried away by
Williams when he was arrested.
OAKLAND, Jan. 29.— Burglars vis
ited Fruitvale last night and plundered
A. C. Jacobsen's cigar shop, East Four
teenth and Bassett streets. andH.-Van
Duren's dry-goods store,. East VFour
teenth street, : near Redwood, avenue.
From the cigar store all of the good
brands of. cigars and tobaccos were
taken; as was a nickel-in-the-slot ma
chine and the contents of the^ cash
drawer. From Van Duren's store about
$200 worth of wares was removed. 1
Bui"glaries . at Frultyale.
OAKLAND, . Jan. - 25.-rNoyes : P.
Haskell,' a retired sea captain, .died
this morning at 33, Bella Vista avenue,
aged 80 years. The *deceas*e.d mariner
had resided in Oakland for twenty
three years.
Aged Sea Captain Dies.
Police Raid Opium Den.
OAKLAND, Jan, 29.— Sergeant Clark,
at the head of a squad composed of
Policemen Cockerton, Schroeder and
Shannon, made a raid on a notorious
opium den at 363 Ninth street to-night.
Two white men. John Morton and Wii
11am Kane, and the proprietor of th>j
place, "Blind Tom," were arrested.
Lutheran Pastor Accepts Call.
OAKLAND, Jan. 29.— The Rev. Os
car H. Gruver of Idavllle, Pa., has ac
cepted a call to the v pastorate of the
First English Lutheran Church of this
city. .Trf ;• •• i . - '
TONCPAH. Jan, 29.— Telegraphic and'tele
phonic connection between Tonopah and the
new camp of Goldfields was. made to-day and
the citizens of both places are celebrating the
event by the exchange of felicitous - telegrams
Extremely rich strikes have been made in the
new camp during the ' post ' two days and an
inrush of people has commenced.'
UNFORTVNATK IS KILLED
BY. TRAIN AT EMERYVILLE
Jennie and Alexander Mann Jr. to J. A.
Ring, lot 4, block 8. map State University
Homestead Association Xo. 3." Berkeley: $10.
Louisa B and 8. E. Grove to William
££fni?ni^ ISl b^* t " nln * a» S from S line of
through .aid line and said street, at iTpoint
.T^ *?? T* st W ao.-^ E 50. N 35.
K^»^ I- bl «* -I. Property of Coi:«»
George E. and Anna. R. Wellington to Louise
Evans (wife of J. O.). .lot on W line of Ells
worth street. 10O N of Ashby avenue. N 3t> by
W 123. lot 18. block. C, Suburban tract. Berko
ley: $10.
Arthur P *nd Lrttie W. Holland to Howard
K James lot on W line of Telegraph avenu?.
10 N of Evoy avenu*. X 30 "by W 100. poruoa
lot 1 Montsomery Tract No. 1. recorded Jan
uary 28, 19t>4,« Oakland; $1O. ¦' ;
Hugh and Ruth E. McNeill to Henry A.
Pleitner. lot beginning W.T3 SE from SB lino
of Fontaln^bleau avenue or street, on line M
rlKht angle to same and 200 ME from XK
line of Madison or East Fifteenth street, SB
6»> by NE 101.40. block 4. map Fountalnbleau
Tract East Oakland; $10.
Ella Anderson (single) to Antonio S. Amarl.
lot on SW lire of Fifth street. 100 SE of Elm
hurst avenue SW.153. SE. 51. NE 130:2. >W
SO beir.ff SE' portion of lots I to 3, block •.}.
map Andrew Jones" subdivision, Brooklyn
Township; grant.
Mary J. Emmona (widow) to Georse W.
Emmons. lots 23 and -i. block 27.- Fitch lad
Sharon Tract, and property out of county.
Alameda; *1». „. . .
Fannie A and Isaac I D. W ood (husband ami
as attorney) to Thomas Lindsay, lot on S llr.e
of Thirty-fifth street, 200 E of Market. E 30:3,
S 60 at right angle to Thirty-fifth, S parallel
with Market 31:3. W 24:3. N 120:3, Oakland!
$10
E J. Overend (single) to M«-W. Koe^i»
(slnkle> lot on S line of Brockimrst street,
183:9 W of West. W 25 by S 100. portion lot
22 map College View Tract, portion plat 1U.
etc.. Oakland; ?10. . .
Robert F. and Maude I. Jacoby to John and
Maria P. Person, lot on W line of FrankllTi
street, 2T1:OU S of Walnut, or Twenty-second;
S 26:2%, W 02:T}i. etc.. N 25, E 84:«. Oak
land: S10.
David J. Lewis (single) to H. T. and Agg'.o
Carlen (wife), lot on S line »f Hamilton place.
135:35 W of lnterseetloa with NW Oakland
avenue. W 30 by S 0i>. lot 32 map of Hamilton
tract. Oakland: $10. 4 -.
E. T. and Jennie M. Henderson (wire) to
Amanda J. Om» (wife of Fred), lots on S cor
ner of East Eleventh street and Fifth avenue.
SE 100 by SW 150. low 21 to 23 and portion of
100 by SW ISO. lots 21 to Xi and portion of
20 and 24. Clinton. East Oakland: $4350.
Aoson 8. Blake (trustees fox Robert P.
Blake, under trust created by Ann J. Stiles^
673 D. 197) to Kittle R. Tatea (wife of W. A.),
lot on SW corner Channlng way And Audubon
gtreet, W 12» by S 43, lot 1. map Bill procerty.
Berkeley; 510. "»\
Alameda County.
FRIDAY. JANUARY 28.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
OAKLAND, Jan. 29.— The Board of
Public Works recommended to-day
that the City Council accept the bid
of 80 cents each for American elms for
Telegraph avenue, the planting to be
done by the Street Department.
Rwommends Rids for Trees.
ALAMEDA, Jan. 29.— While removing
rubbish from the rear of the premises
at loli Park street last evening J. Ab
derhalden, a baker, unearthed a de
cayed box inclosing the skeleton of an
infant. The remains were found close
to the surface of the ground and had
evidently rested there for some time.
With the exception of a portion of the
scalp there was no flesh adhering to the
skeleton. No marks of violence were
discernible on what is left of the re
mains. •
Deputy Coroner James Fowler took
charge of the bones and notified Coro
ner H. B. Mehrmann of the discovery.
That official decjded that the case would
riot warrant an Inquest because of the
impossibility of obtaining the necessary
evidence that time had obliterated.
ployed In Removal of Rubbish
From Back Yard.
Finds Remains of Infant While Em-
BAKER UNEARTHS THE
SKELETON OF A BABY
Maple Hall will be divided into sev
enteen sections, which will be under
the immediate direction of Mrs. T. C.
Coogran, Mrs. HorrV Meek, Mrs. Gil
bert Belcher, Mrs. Milton Bulkley Jr..
Mrs. Francis P. Western, Mrs. Lillian
Brown Everts, Mrs. Charles Minor
Goodall, Mrs. E. A. Kluegel, Mrs!
Thomas Prather, Mrs. Guy C. Earl.
Mrs. PrentLss Selby. Mrs. Julian Ma
thieu. Mrs. Egbert B. Stone, Mrs. Wil
liam B. Witcher, Mrs. Harry Gordan,
Mrs. Harry East Miller and Mrs.
Harrison Clay. ».
Half a hundred young girls, well
known in society and including many
of Oakland's prettiest buds and belles,
will act as scorers, among them being
Miss Laura Sanborn, Miss Claire Cha
bot, Miss Lucretia Burnham, Miss May
Coogran, Miss Helen Chase, Miss Chris
sie Taft. Miss Bessie Palmer, Miss
Clare Conway, Miss. Ethel Catton, Miss
Edith Adams, Miss Ethel Olney, Miss
Gertrude Gould, Miss Florence White.'
Miss Jane Rawlins, Miss Evelyn Hus
sey, Miss Isabelle Kendall,. Miss Lillian
Isaacs, Miss Florine Brown, Miss Anne
McElrath, Miss Helen Garth waite,
Miss Alice Conklin. Miss Cordelia
Bishop, Miss Carolyn :¦¦- Oliver, Miss
Mary Shatter,' Miss Florence Boone,
Miss Sevllla Hayden, Miss Elsie Noyes,
Miss Mollie Mathes, ' tyiss Lita Schles
inger.i Miss Wight, Miss /Ruth Kales,
Missi Rose Kales, Miss Julia Spencer,
Miss ¦ Edna Orr 0 Miss Irene Bangs,
Miss Marietta Havens, Miss ; May,
Young, Miss Ruth Knowles, Miss Al
ice Knowles. Miss Viva 'Nicholson,
Miss Emma Mahony, Miss Noelle.de
Golia, Miss Margaret Sinclair, .Miss
Florine Brown, Miss Ruth Nicholson,
Miss .Edith : Selby, Miss . 'Florence
Brown and Miss^ Ethel' Valentine. , ;
;- ; The tallying of > games, awarding
The prizes will be well worth com
peting for, many merchants, as well
as the ladies of the society, having
contributed beautiful articles of fur
niture and bric-a-brac, from a.weath
ered oak table to a quaint brass can
dlestick. '
The* work of planning and organ
izing this- big. undertaking has been
carried on by Mrs. Harrison Clay,
Mrs, Harry East Miller, Mrs. Harry
Gordan, Mrs. Kate Bulkley and Mrs.
V. W. Witcher. The arrangements are
so complete that a large crowd can
be handled with perfect ease and com
fort.
OAKLAND, Jan. 29. — Fashion and
philanthropy will join hands next
Monday evening, when Maple Hall
will become a tilting ground for lov
ers of whist. The card tournment,
which is being planned by the Ladies'
Relief Society, promises to be largely
attended, as interest in it is wide
spread on this side of the bay. The
most prominent society women in
Oakland are actively working for its
success and as this will be the first
large affair projected by the Ladies'
Relief Society its friends have most
generously co-operated in the efforts
to make it a success.
Mre. Lindblom is a petite blonde.
She married Eric O. Lindblom
and through divorce proceedings
now pending has been . given a
fortune as a setltement. She is to
appear before Notary Pubiic Luttrell
and give her deposition in a suit for
$5000 brought against her by Mrs.
Dr. Schofleld for professional services.
Securely. locked in her bathroom In
her pretty home at 2601 Hillegass ave
nue, Berkeley, Mrs. Mary Ann Lind
'blom, wife of the Alaska million
aire, awaited a deputy sheriff who was
sent with an order of court to serve
upon her this morning. She refused
to open the door and Deputy Sheriff
Riley was forced to break it open In
order to make "the proper service.
With the irate woman seated On the
edge of the bathtub the deputy held
her a prisoner long enough to read
her the court's order and then. i.s she
refused to receive it. laid the copy on
her shoulder and departed. As he
was leaving the house she appeared at
a window and threw the paper after
him.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway. Jan. * 29.
Fabricio Nigro, owner of the famous
Poodle Dog building, at Mason and
Eddy streets, San Francisco, is de
clared to be insane by -his wife, Ellen
Nigro, and she has petitioned the courts
through her attorney, John J. Allen, to
have herself appointed his guardian.
The rental of the building in which the
rotisserie ffe located Is $1400 a month,
and he is reputed to be worth $500,000.
In her petition Mrs. Nigro states that
Nigro is 78 years of age and is suffer
ing from senile dementia. She claims
that he has repeatedly- attempted to
burn their home at Chester and Sev
enth streets, in this city. She says he
also has been trying to give away his
fortune. The hearing of the. petition has
been set for next Thursday.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Jan. 29.
OAKLAND. Jan. 29. — That the
stigma of conviction of theft should
not be of record in the courts, Police
Judge Mortimer Smith to-day refused
tc accept the plea of guilty made by
Norah Jordan, a young domestic, who
stole money, jewelry and silks from
Mrs. Mollie Edelstein. her employer.
The case was continued until Monday
ihat a decision mi^ht be reached a3
to the final disposition. Mrs. Edel
stein lias recovered her stolen J=\vefry
and silks and was much affected by
the girl's apparent contriteness. His
Honor intimated that the- probation
officer? would bo given charge of the
girl, who Is only 17' years of age.
Police Judge Mortimer Smith Sets
nAside Plea of Guilty Made by
Nora! i Jordan.
REFUSES TO BRAND
G1KL AS CRIMINAL
YOUNG WOMEN WHO 'WILL
ACT AS SCORERS AT THE
WHIST TOURNAMENT.
Mrs. Mary A. Lindblom Forces
a Deputy Sheriff to Break
Open Her Bathroom Door
Owner* of "Poodle Dog" Build
ing: Is Charged by His Wife
With Setting Fire to Home
TRIES TO EVADE
COURT'S ORDER
SAYS F. NIGRO
IS INCOMPETENT
BERKELEY. Jan. 29.— Miss Erma F.
Shipe, a young woman of West Berke
ley, eloped on Tuesday evening of this
week with William Engle, and the first
Information her parents had that she
was a bride came with letters from her
announcing her marriage. She wrote
the letters while speeding on the way
East with her husband, St. Loui3 being
their destination.
The parents of Mrs. Engle are Mr.
and Mrs. J. A. Shlpe of 1517 Fifth
street. They knew of her engagement
to Engle. who was a clerk in the au
diting department of the Southern Pa
cific Company, but objected to her mar
rying Just yet. She was a governers in
a wealthy family In San Francisco,
who wsre about to take her to Europe
with them.
In the face of parental opposition
Miss Shipe was obdurate. Her father
and sister. Miss Margaret Shipe, visited
her in San Francisco on Monday in the
hope of dissuading her from continuing
her engagement with Engle, but she re
fused to listen to their importunities.
The night afterward Miss Snipe dis
appeared from her place as governess.
Her whereabouts remained a mystery
until to-day, when her parents received
word from * her through . the letters.
Her husband has "given up his position
in San Francisco and; will accept an
other in St. Louis. - . -i
Arc Baffled.
3Iiss Emm F. Shlpe Elopes With Wil
liam Ensle and Her Parents
WRITES OF HER WEDDING
WHILE SPEEDING EASTWARD
The committee recommends the pur
chase of a 100-foot lot on Allston way,
the establishment of a girls' gymnas
ium at the high school, the purchase of
additional land adjacent to the Colum
bia and San Pablo schools and the erec
tion of a six-room addition to each of
these Echools, four additional rooms at
the Whittier School, yie erection of a
sixteen-room building at Grove and
Bancroft streets, a six-room addition
to the Le Conte School and a six-room
building on Rufs street.
The committee on manual training, of
which Victor Robertson is chairman,
has decided that it will take $20,000 to
properly install a system of manual
training in the schoolE.
BERKELEY, Jan. 29.— The sub-com
mittee on schools of the Citizens' Bond
Committee, submitted Its report to-day,
after a month of investigation. The
committee finds that it will take $125,000
to make the necessary improvements in
the school department of the city, this
sum being J25.000 more than at first es
timated.
Sub-Committee of Citizens' Bond Com
mittee Snbinlts Report of Its
Investigations.
Patrolman George Brown, who ar
rested Whitaker, explained the cir
cumstances. The evidence was in
dubitable that the author had been
earning a loaded revolver. But his
Honor imposed a nominal fine of $2 50,
which was paid, and the incident
closed.
Whitaker was. in court with a
coterie of the literary folks. Including
George Sterling, the poet;' Austin
Lewis, essayist and attorney at law;
Bernard . P. Miller, attorney and a
patron of authors, and H. L. Albrecht.
botanist and scientist.
OAKLAND, Jan. 29. — Herman Whit
eker, author, was found guilty to-day
in the Police Court of carrying a con
cealed weapon. Whitaker pleaded that
he was entitled as a traveler to carry
the pistol, but Judge Smith decided
that the Piedmont writer was a resi
dent of Oakland and could not avail
himself of that legal excuse.
Court and Tells Story of Troubles
With Patrolman Brown.
Piedmont Writer Appears in Police
NEEDS $125,000 TO MAKE
SCHOOL IMPROVEMENTS
AUTHOR WHITAKER IS
GUILTY AXD PAYS FIXE
Mary Davitt, wife of Michael Davitt,
the Irish patriot, .of Dalkey, Dublin
County, Ireland, and Archbishop Rior
dan of San Francisco will share the es
tate of the late Mary Canning, who
was buried yesterday. She leaves an
estate of $78,000 in cash on deposit in
the Oakland Bank of Savings and her
home, at Sixteenth and Myrtle streets
in this city, valued at more than $15,000.
Her will was filed this afternoon by At
torney Garret McEnerney of San Fran
cisco, who at the same time filed the
petition of the Union Trust Company of
San Francisco, named as . executor irt
the will, for special letters of adminis
tration, which were granted by Judge
W. E.. Greene.
The will was signed on the 4th of Ia3t
month and provides as follows:
"I give one-half of my estate to my
niece. Mary Davitt; I give the other
one-half of my estate to the Roman
Catholic Archbishop of San Francise<->.
to be used by him in founding and
maintaining a home for the aged poor
in the city of Oakland, to be conducted
if practicable by the Little Sisters of
the Poor. If any of my estate given In
this will should fail or be invalid, then
in that event I give the same to George
Montgomery. 1100 Franklin street, San
Francisco."
The petition states that there are sev
eral nephews and nieces, but none live
in California except William John Tore
of this city. The will, it is recited, was
made without any duress, menace or
fraud. The witnesses are W. W. Garth -
waite, 641 El Dorado street. Oakland,
and John S. Drum, 2524 Broadway, San
Francisco.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway, Jan. 29.
Bequeaths Half of Her Wealth
to Niece, Mary Davitt, and
Half to Catholic Archbishop
In conversation afterward Dunne
stated that he wished to make a plea
tor clemency for his client. He said:
"McKowen is no common felon and I
wished to point out to the Judge that
he has made what restitution is possi
ble. He has turned over to the re
gents about $4000 worth of real es
tate and about $300 in cash. He has
pleaded guilty and saved the State
the expense of a trial. While all this
is not much it should be taken into
consideration."
. Attorneys Peter Dunne and H. M.
Wright of San Francisco appeared in
court with McKowen this morning,
but there was little for them to do.
Attorney Dunne, addressing the court,
requested to be allowed to make a
short statement before the Judge pro
nounced sentence, but upon Judge
Hall's postponing the date of sen
tence he — ''-i he would wait until that
time. ,
W; A. McKowen, late secretary of
the regents of the University of Cal
ifornia, pleaded guiljty In the Superior
Court here this morning to a charge
of having embezzled $3515 of the uni
versity funds last May and asked that
sentence be pronounced immediately.
This Judge Hall refused t6 do, as Mc-
Kowen's testimony is wanted In a
case in which the university is inter
ested and of which he alone knows
the details. The trial of the case is
set for February 10, and Judge Hall
said he would pronounce judgment on
Friday, the 12th prox.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Jan. 29.
"The nineteenth century was a period
of extraordinary expansion in all ac
tivities, but none of these growths was
more rapid than that of journalism. It
long ago burst the bonds of its early
limitations and assumed a right to
share in all activities of the world. It
has grown without the aid of the uni
versity, though the university itself has
spread out in every direction and now
has become encyclopedic.
"Continued efforts are being made to
found schools for Journalism. Lately a
millionaire has given $2,000,000 for such
a school in Columbia University. Well,
$2,000,000 ought to get success. We know
it will win out, but we are not sure
what kind of journalism it will teach.
"The emphatic point in Journalism is
that to be news an event must be of
(jurrent interest. All events have a vital
relation to the welfare of humanity,
and Journalism aims to make that rela
tion known. It sifts all points down to
the point where they are of vital Inter
est to the community. The newspaper
tells a man what there is in this world
that affects himself. It teaches him
that whatsoever happens in this world
has some meaning to hLjn.
"The news editor teaches his em
ployes what news Is, and I believe that
knowledge could be taught in the uni
versity. It would not be a scientific les
son, of course. It would' be an essen
tially popular lesson. It would 'bring
the attention of the, student to the
things that are going on about him.
and he would learn what the interests
of the great mass of people are. Jour
nalism affects life In so many ways
that the' university ought to assist in
training, men to take part in it."
JOURNALISJI'S ADVANCE.
"There is something in journalism to
be explained. We give the meeting of
your regents .a half-column and your
football game a page, and thus seem
to rank scholarshiD beneath sports;
but, as a matter of fact, the larger
space is given to sports only because
they have a larger Interest for the pub
lic.
President Wheeler gave Mr. Mc-
Naught leave to speak upon anything
he chose, "because he represents the
best that is in journalism to-day." Mr.
Wheeler gave the opposite views of two
great editors upon the qualifications
necessary for a successful newspaper
man. Horace Greelev asked "God to
save him from all the horned cattle
from the university in the newspaper
office"; Charles Dana was not satisfied
with anything . less than a man who
had a doctor's degree and could sing
the "Odes of Ajax" of Sophocles. Mr.
McNaught chose Journalism for his
topic, speaking in part as follows:
"Let us see if we can't strangle the
disposition to plant the rystem on this
coast. Now is the time to stop it, for
if it once sets a hold it will be hard
to root out."
"The attitude of the Eastern univer
sities toward the man that breaks
training rules is the result of a pro
cess of evolution. There is nothing
revolutionary about It. In the early
days there was no training. Then
came the system of pledging the ath
lete to abstinence. Then the honor
system was adopted, under which a
man was expected to do his full duty
without surveillance.
"After all it is honor that is the
basis of it all. If we have not that,
then disintegration follows. The man
that trains gets disgruntled because
another does not. It breeds disrespect
for the coach. He falls into disrepute
and others try to run the team, with
the final result of dissolution.
FORCED TO LEAVE COLLEGE.
• "When an Eastern college man
breaks training he is ostracized. He
is ignored and often forced *o leave
the college. But he is first given a
fair warning, and he never can plead
ignorance.
"The system of recruiting athletes
from the preparation schools is un
fortunately common in the East, but
is altogether new here. I mean the
practice of offering unfair Inducements
to the b£St men from the 'prep' schools
to enter the university offering the In
ducement. The system is a bad one.
It creates, suspicion,,. exhibits a lack of
dignity and brings about a lower stand
ard ' • the whole college community.
These abuses would be removed if the
colleges acted fairly, and Harvard is
now setting a - good example in that
direction-
In introducing: Mr. Reid. President
Wheeler, who presided, spoke ot him
as a 'man who used to go to Harvard,
and in whom at that time more people
were interested than in President
Eliot." Mr. , Reid was once captain of
the Harvard football team and the
idol of the college as a player. Re
sponding, he spoke upon "The Ethics
of College Sport," saying in part:
The students et the University of
California were addressed this morn-
Ing in Harmon Gymnasium by "William
T. Reid Jr., vice principal of the Bel
mont School, and John McNaught,
manager of the San Francisco Call. It
v.as the bi-weekly university meeting,
at which nearly the whole student body
was present.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, Jan. 29.
Mrs. Gratziano said Orio returned
to the house after her wounded hus
band had been taken home and then
Gratziano accused him of the shoot
ing. The wife said Orio and her hus
band had a dispute over business af
fairs. The examination will be re
sumed Monday.
The boy testified he was walking
with his father at Fifty-first street
and Broadway, the pair having left
shortly after Orio and Gratziano had
quarreled over money. •
"I heard a noise behind us and
turned around only to see Orio com
ing toward us," testified the boy. "He
came upon my father, said something
in Italian and pulled a pistol, shooting
my father twice and firing a third shot
after my father fell to the ground.
Then Orio ran away."
'¦Luigi Orio shot my father. I saw
him do it," was the simple declara
tion that was made thi& morning: In
The Police Court by Constantino Grat
ziano, 10 years of age. The boy is
the son of Luigi Gratziano, who was
phot from ambush and died from his
wounds. Orio was, on preliminary
hearing:, charged with assassinating
the dead man, whose son in boyish
but clear and decisive words appear
ed to-day in the role of prosecutor of
Orio. The boy had sworn to the com
plaint charging murd«t and is the
principal witness against the accused
Italian. » .
Oakland Office San Francisco CalJ.
1118 Broadway. Jan. 29.
MARY CANNING'S
WILL IS FILED
John McNaught Says Journal
ism Keeps Up With the
Activities of the World
Constantino Gratziano Tells a
Siory of Assassination on
the Outskirts of the City
Attorney Peter Dunne Will
Make Plea for Clemency
in Behalf of His Client
TELLS OF EASTERN WAYS
IS PRESENT AT SHOOTING
GIVES REGENTS $4300
Asks That He Be Sentenced at
Once, but the pourt Post
pones Date for Two Weeks
William T. Eeid, Harvard's
Star Athlete, Gives Sound
Advice on College Sports
Boy Appears as the Avenging:
Witness and Prosecutor of
Ills Father's Alleged flayer
STUDENTS HEIR
PROMINENT MEN
ACCUSING SON
SAYS MURDER
M'KOW EN ENTERS
PLEA OF GUILTY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SATURDAY, JANUARY 30, 1004.
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
Fashion and Philanthropy Will Join Hands Next Monday
Evening at Maple Hall, Oakland, Which Will Become
a Tilting Ground for Lovers of the Game of Whist
LADIES' RELIEF SOCIETY PLANS
INTERESTING CARD TOURNAMENT
6
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
DOCTOBS ZXTSOBSE HEBPXCIDE.
Because Its PormnU Zs Submitted to
Them.
Alexander McMillan. M. D., a promi-
nent physician of Lansing. Michigan
writes: "On three cases I have tested
Herpicide for dandruff and the result
has been all that could be desired."
Herpicide is made upon an entirely
new principle, that is. that^dandrunT and
falling hair are caused from- a microbe
that infests the hair bulb," and by de-
stroying the microbe one's hair is bound
to grow luxuriantly. Herpicide is the
only hair remedy that claims to and
really does, destroy the. dandruff eerms
Bold by leading dru F(r ist S . Send 10c in
stamps for sample to The Herpicide Co
Detroit. Mich. '
Teeth Withovt Plates
Why wear a bulky plate when you
can have bridgework for the cost of
material?' Natural looking and ser-
viceable appliances made with 22
karat gold by an expert, and fully
guaranteed. Artistic gold crowns and
fillings. Teeth extracted free. Grad-
uates only. Teeth cleantd'frce; pain-
less methods. Free clinic.
Week days 9 to 9; Sundays q to 1.
POST-GRAD UATTDEKTAL COLLEGE
Saa rnusdieo— 3 Taylor Street.
Oakland — 973 Washington Street.
.'Saa Jose— 45 East Saata Clara Street.
Cftcramento— 407 J Street
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
OAKLAND.
1118 Broadway.
Telephone 31aln 1083.
BERKELEY.
2148 Center Street.
Telephone Jforth 7T.
ALAMEDA.
1435 Park Street.
Telephone Eagle 502.This week 25 per- cent freductlon on
every heater in stock. San Francisco Gas
and Electric Company, 415 Post street. *
Appoints Hydrant Man.
The Board of Works yesterday ap
pointed David Brown hydrant man, vice
James Flanagan, removed.
The Schwaben Verein of SanFran
cisco, a German benevolent associa
tion, will give a mask ball In San
Francisco Turn Verein Halle on Turk
street this evening. This association
has on a number of occasions given
affairs of this cha^cter and each has
proved a very enjoyable one. The
.committee has - arranged a number of
pleasing ' features ; in conne'etion with
the crand; march." " ¦>>
Schwaben Vcreln in Mask.
Thbmaa Robinett has sued the United
Railroads in the Justices' Court for $100
damages sustained . in a collision be
tween a Third-street car and a wagon
driven by the plaintiff.
SueiS) United Railroads.
The United Milk Company yesterday
filed a suit for $25,000 damages against
Manuel I^ouis. The plaintiff alleges
that it bought from Louis the business
of thn California Milk Producers' As
sociation with the understanding that
he was not to engage In the milk busi
ness after the sale was consummated.
It is how claimed that Louis violated
his agreement and has succeeded in
attracting to his new business a num
brr of. customers who dealt with* him
under the old/greatly to the injury of
the plaintiff. \
Sties Louis for Damages.
Two youngsters were in Judge Mo
gan's court' yesterday, orT a charge 'pf
defrauding an* inn-keeper, which is a
statutory ; provision expressly, made ; to
prevent purchasers j of represented ten
derloin" steaks * from /'prosecuting the
proprietors, for. obtaining money /under
false pfotehscs. The boys were named
William Blum and Irving, Gannon* The
Gannon" boy. has, a. big' brother, who
found the -two' kids .on" Fourth" street
you--". - ' ¦¦ ¦¦¦"'¦" : .-:¦';. ¦ n v"w
"I'll take this case under advise
ment," interrupted the' Judge, and the
incident was closed. V ' ., •
"Did anybody go into the air or -was
there a crashy end to this burst of
speed you were making?" queried the
Judge. "Not on your necktie pin,"
says' the chauffeur. ' "I'm ' not a profli
gate in speed except in urgent cases.
That little outbreak that occurred to
him. - . . '
Judge Mogan was looking for infor
mation, and questioned the defendant
thoroughly. "Did you dispute with any
outward bound cars?" said he. V'^o.
sir," said the chauffeur. "My lady pas
senger was ill from the effects of a
wine supper and I was hurrying her to
her . home go that she could summon,
medical attendance." '
Frank Ceferth, a chauffeur, drove
an automobile over the crossing at
Fourth and Market streets Thursday
night at a speed that made the tele
phone poles look like toothpicks. Po
liceman Dolan held up -a -warning
finger, but the chauffeur went on his
merry- way. 'He had .a man and a
woman as passengers. Subsequently
he came back over the main stem of
the city and Policeman Dolan arrested
Theatrical matters are touched up In • a
caustic critical manner that is unusual. Bec
rte-FVr'has ntirred up a hornet's nest in the
German colony and among naval officers and
a correspondent handles him without glovea.
The Looker On and the other departments are
as strong as usual. The News Letter has
earned the title of an official crsan as re
gard* automobiling. and It Is the ¦ originator
o' the idea of on automobile exhibition. It
*een»n likely that this scheme will carry and
San Francisco will enjoy a monster exhibition
In the near future. ... •
The "'Town Crier" plies his lash right and
left among those who offend, and that in
dividual, pompous and pertinent, FernauUl
Travern. he of the British aristocracy, amusts
us by his oppreclatlon of San Francisco.
Current books and their authors receive the
usual careful critique and In some Instances
merited castlzatjon.
"Junius' " letters nrp continued to the con
fusion of th» professional politicians. The
University Graduate contributes a quota of
gotslp from Stanford anii- Berkeley. The *o
cfety column is breezy and, an usual, entirely
reliable. vjMsjSBA
There i* a diversity of stinging itpm« In the
New* Letter of this. week. The labor union*
and th# Molly Masuire methods of the agi
tators in Colorado receive severe handling.
The lack of protection given by the author
ities of the city for the public In the matter of
sanitation in private ' houses, in providing
proper safeguards In public elevators. Is sug
gested by the terrible Iroquols Theater calam
ity.
To-Pay's San Francisco Xew^ Letter
a Xotablc Xumbcr.
Walter E. Dorn, who was appointed
by the Board of Supervisors to fill
the position of Justice of the Peace
made vacanj by the election of Justice
of the Peace Percy V. Ivone: to the of
fice of City Attorney, wants the sal
ary of the office. Yesterday he filed
a suit for a writ of mandate compelling
the Auditor to audit his salary war
rant for the month of January. The
Auditor has refused- to do so because
there are three men claiming the posi
tion—Isidore Golden, Governor Par
dee's appointee; Walter Gallagher, who
was appointed by the Mayor, and Dorn.
I>orn Wants His Salary.
The dismissal of the petition changes
The aspect of the case, and will be
used by the attorneys for the contest
ants of Knauer's will as proof that the
alleged widow practically admits, by
withdrawing . the petition, that the
claims of the contestant that she is
not the widow are based on fact.
Attorney Muenter created quite a
stir among the interested attorneys
yesterday morning by informing them
that he had been approached by people
who told him that Knauer had left a
son, and that the latter would soon
come forward to fight for estate
of his father. Muenter did not give
the name of his informant, and vouch
safed no other information other than
the statement that the son was sup
posed to be the child of a Mexican
woman with whom, he said, Knauer
had been intimate. -;^
On motion of A. Muenter, attorney
for Marie Knauer, who is said to have
inveigled the late Ferdinand Knauer,
an aged German, into a marriage in
order that she might secure his money,
Mrs. Knauer's petition for a partial
distribution to her of Knauer's estate
was yesterday withdrawn and an or
der that the petition be dismissed was
entered on the records of Judge
Troutt's court.
Withdraws Petition for Partition of
Decedent's Estate — Attorney Says •
' Heir Has Been Found.
MRS. MARIE KNAUER STOPS
DISTRIBUTION* PROCEEDINGS
Thursday night Squires visited the
room occupied and paid for by his
wife at 953 Folsom street, and, for no
cause whatever, beat her horribly. : In
court Squires was surly and unrespon
sive to questions 'and was promptly
sentenced to six months in the County
Jail. The poor woman : pleaded . for
some lighter sentence, but- the Judge
was obdurate.
Mrs. Squires was so badly .abused
by her husband that she -will be un
able to work for some time. Judge
Fritz volunteered 'this information to
the other Police Judges and they gen
erously contributed an amount suf
ficient to provide <, for her . and the
baby's needs until such time as she
can earn her. own' living again.
A pitiful case, of neglect and abuse
was before ' Judge Fritz yesterday.
George Squires, a teamster by occupa
tion and a criminal in ; appearance,
was- charged byhis wife -with battery.
As evidence of the assault the. poor
woman appeared with her face bat
tered to a pulp. With her came a lit
tle 4-year-old boy, with a weight of
unearned grief, in his big eyes and a
t?nder trust tn his mother that caused
him to grasp her hand and hug it when
she broke into tears in telling her
story to the Judge.
She said Squires had never been a
good husband from the day she mar
ried him. Although he earned good
wages, he refused to contribute to the
support of herself or the two children
she had borne him. Four months
ago, she^saldrone of the little ones, 2
years of age, sickened and died for
lack of medical attention. At a time
when her own meager means were ex
hausted and medical attention could
have saved the life of the child she
wrote to her husband, who had de
serted her. and asked him for aid. He
made " p reply and the baby was
buried under distressingcircumstances,
while the father was enjoying himself
in roistering.
Sues King for Money Dne.
Leland S. Lathrop yesterday filed a
suit to recover $1500 against F. L. King.
He claims that he holds King's note,
executed in July, 1S99, for the amount-
William A. Butler, a member of the
contracting firm of Thomas Butler &
Sons, was made the " defendant in a
suit for maintenance yesterday by hia
wife, Mnrgaret T. Butler. She alleges
that though he'is worth at least $15,000
he has not provided, for her since last"
December. She also eharges. that he
hafl treated her in almost brutal
manner- • .'>.'
Sues Contractor *Bntler.
Thor: A. Heydenfeldt, the horseman,
i* the defendant In. a suit for divorce
brought yesterday by Josephine Hey
denfeldt, to whom he was married at
San Rafael in '.'September. X 1901- . Mrs.
Heydenfeldt saysthat since she became
his wife Heydenfeldt has;abused her
and has on , more than one occasion
slapped her^face and called her vile
names. She* asks for a divorce and per
mission to resume, her maiden, name.
j Teresa Elizabeth' Peterson wants a
divorce from Adolph F. „ Peterson on
the ground of cruelty: She say^he has
repeatedly threatened .to ".kill her. and
further" says' that -hie drinks* to such
"excess that her life Is not • safe with
him. *
Desertion is charged .in • the. suits for
divorce . brought 'by \ Mary D. ' : Beck
against- Petef A. Beck, KateF; Mor
gan against Joseph P- Morgan, Mary
Baker against Jacob Baker,* Jessie Weil
against Louis J. Weil and F. M. Brown
against H. M. Brown.
Decrees of* divorce 'were granted to
Nellie L. Stull from John F. Stull for
cruelty and F.\ A. Bennett from Flor
ence Bennett for desertion. Mrs. Ben
nett accepted $1250 cash in ' lieu of. ali
mony arid ; waived all claims against
Bennett's estate.
Wife of Weil-Known Horseman Sue*
; for Divorce, Alleging .That Ho
Slapped Her Face, r -...•-
CliAIMS ! HEYDEXFTEXDT
'/¦IS A BRUTAL HUSBAXD
With the view to preventing Interna
tional complications between this coun
try and China over the arrest and sub
sequent suicide of Tom Kim Tune, a
military attache of the Chinese lega
tion at Washington,- and formerly a
member of the Imperial bodyguard at
Peking, the Police Commissioners met
yesterday afternoon ana heard the tes
timony of the arresting officers # and
others. ' *^*»L;r iV t-- '
This action was ¦ taken because <the
Chinese Consul; here had forward«d to
the Chinese Embassador at Washing
ton the evidence taken at the Coroner's
Inquest on Tom Kim Yung's body. The
transcript had been handed' by the Em
bassador to Secretary of State Hay,
who forwarded it to. Governor Pardee,
who in turn sent it to Mayor Schmitz
with a request that an investigation
be made and the result forwarded to
Washington. The' Mayor made the-re
quest to Chief Wittman and the in
quiry was held, as stated. • •
The arresting officers. John H. Kra
mer and Joseph. Brodt, testified to hav
ing been sent in plain clothes on\the
night of September 10 to raid an opium
resort at 711 Stockton street, when cir
cumstances arose that compelled them
to place Tom Kim Tung under arrest
for violating one of the city ordinances.
The Chinese, who was a tall, powerful
man, resisted arrest and another offi
cer and two citizens had to help them
before the handcuffs were placed over
his wrists. No unnecessary j violence
was used.
Lieutenant 'Gleeson, the" officials at'
the City Prison and others testified to
the Chinese being ugly and violent, and
they all denied that there was any
blood or bruise on his face. He_was
released frc-m prison within a few min
utes after his arrest, and it ! was not
known who he was till after his re
lease, for he gave the name of Con
Chin. Gleeson further testified that
the secretary of the Chinese. Six Com
panies came to him shortly after the
arrest and was very anxious that the
case should not ,be taken into the Po
lice Court.
Detective Wren testified to having
been called to the Chinese consulate
on September 14 and finding Tom> Kim
Yung's dead b6dy in one of therooms v
there. A physician who had been called
had given the cause of death as gas
asphyxiation and opium. Chinese
at the consulate told Wren that Tom
Kim Yung had that morning asked if
his case could not be fixed, and when
he was .to!d it would have to go to
trial he went upstairs, and that- was
the last seen of him alive.
After the testimony is transcribed it
will be forwarded to the Secretary of
State at Washington.
Action Is Taken at Request
of the Chinese Embassador
to Secretary of State IFay
.'At last tbe literature that will be used
at St. lvouis to advertise the mineral
resources of California has taken shape.
State Mineralogist Aubury has received
the first few printed copies of a publi
cation designed by him to show to the
visitors at the St. Louis Exposition
v;hat minerals are found in California
and io' what extent they have been
mined in various localities.
Vhe pamphlet in which these facts
ere gathered Is small, but it Is compre
hensive. It will be handed out gratis
to inquirers in the building of Mines
and Mining. The distribution will take
rlace at the space reserved for Calif 6r- #
nia. iti California's mineral show.
'JThe introductory remarks in the
pSiiiphiet, wh'.ch is entitled "California j
.Mines and Minerals," were prepared by J
"Charlts C. Tale, statistician of the,
Bta.te Mining Bureau. Some extracts j
foj!ow:
" Th« .r.in^-g lntere«U of the Stat« of Ca!l- ,
tnvr.'.a. -re so diversified and the industry »« ;
<«••=..-<¦ -j over '" wide an srea that it la diffl-
Vu!t:*> describe the conditicss which exist
without M^'.nf. many pares of printed matter.
For this reason it hav been considered proper
in this namphlet to give merely ¦. record of re
«-u:?-i T..i;ch »S1I Fr.oxr in plain flg-ares what i*
b»ing Bccmr'^he:! by the miners of the State.
7*»s raeord shows that »-crr.e forty-four min
eraf subsianr-es are Iwir.g exploited, the annual
itOaailan of wlitch is now upward c.f F35.O00. : |
-<*"» «r.d increasing at ;he rate of about $2.0Ci> - |
fxvi j \m~T- as capital ir invested arid more
Tr.ines fre opened. The older m!nep. too. hav
lrg.tx*:. developed and equipped, are in
c-elning their annual output and thus also
proving their value and permanency with
deo*Ti *
The cUmtiif conditions are favorable to
mining operations UuBUgfaagt th» State, and
rcie.A* o'. tr: ifr-ertation have been eo lm
»Vovcd 8» to rreatly lessen the cost of eup
pues etc There are abundant opportunities
«frr 'the safe and profitable investment oi
•-••a'M'a! in the var.ous branch* 1 ? of the industry. I
*;*r.jniernus claims which have b*en located]
rf-.avf» ne\er h"™ prcperly developed or j
?fjufpp* 1 -. their owners lacking the necessary j
»tan«.
.% VALUABLE S13OIABX.
• a tabulation of amounts and values
»'ct minerals produced in the year 1902
S"fWl«ws the preliminary remarks. The i
£abie is =ummed ur> in some particulars
•as foilo^'p: i
* Ti.o totsl valo* of the metallic eubstances
O'clud'.i? rreciou* metals* for 1902 was $22.
iHW.ZX. includes Kold. silver, mineral
r«'«V. <juicksi!v«>r. oopr<er. lead, manganese.
rlatiTicm and du-ome. The silver is Riven in
"^afitsnerdaJ value, or amount received for it
t*S*Vu6MJtl*: if Kivm in coining value the turn
wnivi <-p aVrfiut doubled.
The total value of non-m«.allic substance*
* *cas,$3. rOrt.Jfig. Th* 1 ?* substances inciude bo
:<\. . r '»W rhrysoprase. mineral waters, fait.
Infusorial earih. gypsum, magrr.esite. pyrites,
llth'a m-ra. Fuller's enrth. quartz cystals,
r.^'-n. Ha. turmalln? and turquoise.
T>~ i*ta! valu* of hydrocarbons and
»«r.s yr..!K4.S«T. an increase of IL.C31.678. Tlie
>"yrirot-arlwns and case* include asphalt, b;- |
¦t>:rni -i ous rock, natural fsas and "petroleum, j
1h»V!?.s :s riven in value of that commercially
i:r.\r;.J. The r^'roieijrn price !s the a\ erase
ptr barrel f. o. b. at we'.ls or stations in each
rosnty. Tl.e nuratir of »<arrels of oil pro
duced" was 14.:;Mi.«lO. valued «t $4.«532.1««.
rm ax-unvt T.710.::i5 barrels in 1901, at
f2.9t1-.lC2. The increase in value has not kept
i a'-e wi>i increase in amount, owing to jirova
' i"nr* of low r>ric«s in the oil fields, especially
ifi the valley oourtf«.
The total vml«c of structural material* was
t* 1C&.<W. an increase of S1.161.74S over the
rr^vi'M^* year. These materials include brick
•ind swttTy clsyji. Portland cement, lime and
IliwtntB"* macadam.- rubble- and concrete rock,
;*v.:ig biocks. marble, rrantt". eandftcne, etr-
V^nti.'e. Flat* and rlass rAn-i. ;
s T*>c rrlatlve value o£ the principal mineral J
P'o^uctt." of th» Ptate is as follows: Firt-t.
ro!d:"«ec«nd. iT»troleum: third, copper: fourth.
bormH fifth. c!a?s and th^ir products: sixth,
quicksilver;' seventh, silver. In the prevlooa ]
vnr' the copper values were more than thes*
of Petroleum: quicksilver was fourth and borax
elxthV : «
THE WIDE DLSTKIBUTION.
To show the wide distribution of min- j
*ral Fubstances in California, an analy- j
cis of the statistical tables prepared by <
the State Mining Bureau is supplied, j
This. shows that about all the fifty-
F«?ven counties of California produce
:-iinerali«. Additional remarks on* this j
point follow: __
fKjid rra« mined In thirty-flv* eounti** and
|« known to exist Jn *erera! others. Silver
was produced in fprenty-seven counties, brick
etsjrs ir. twer.ty-four. mineral waters in nlne
«epn " rapper tn eighteen, rubble in thirteen.
rr.aridar. in eleven and granite in ten. As
phait, lime ani quicksilver were produced in
rise counties, lead and salt in seven, petroleum
j- g'j, rettery clay, paving blocks, sandstone.
Some of .the defendants were put on
the stand, : and they, all declaimed
against the accusation that any un
usual disorder was committed by them
in the cafe. The spinning of chairs
across the floor, they said- was merely
a national game, and the man who
came nearest to the kitchen door "with
out hitting it was entitled to the cake
and all the cold pie on the dump.
Judge Mogan was up in the air higher
than he had ever gone before-^-which
is going some— in order to determine
the'merits of the case. Finally he ad
journed the hearing until to-day and
issued a subpena for the owner of the
premises, who will act as, anamlcus
curiae to further elucidate the puzzling
problem.
John Rayborn, who is a natural borta
manager, had. charge of the lodging
house at the time and he was the comr
plaining witness in the. case. He testi
fied that for two . weeks previous to
the arrest there-, was' so much ' noise
from the congregated Assyrians in the
cafe that the phonograph machines
across the street went out of business.
He said he couldn't even hear the cash
register ring. I:> '¦
Ernest Synfy, Mike Synfy, Edward
erlco Synfy, Michael Monssolam, Assad
Saleby (may his tribe increase!).
George Hadshedde, Daniel Hawkins,
Joe Harris (blessings on the last two!);
Whibie Hokeen, Joe Plazze; (may his
shadow "grow lesa!); Salama. Nahas,
George Harris (Allah is good!) 1 , Hybe
Hunnsey, Ernest Couri and George
Goodhealth. The interpreter _ supplied
this v last-name. Whatever '; horrible'
meaning it may have In Assyrian lan
guage did not get into the record.
All of these frequented a newly
opened cafe at 210 Second street, above
which A. J.- McR-ugh conducts a lodg
ing-house. It may have been the as-'
sortment- of, names and, it may have
been the fact that. the cohorts played
a peaceful game by rolling chairs across
the floor that caused' ther discomfort
to, the lodgers upstairs. The - landlord
testified that his lodgers were bubbling
out of his, doors as pebbles are. moved
.when a beaver dam breaks in a' spring
freshet. - They couldn't stand the pres
sure.- . - - *' - ,
The Assyrians came down like a wolf
on the fold yesterday in Judge Ma
gan's court. To look at an old map,
Assyria seems to be about the size and
color of a 8peciaf*dellvery stamp.* If
all of the crowd that packed the^oourt
roora could claim a birthright in As
syria half of them must have been born
three miles out In the Persian'Gulf and
have anchored themselves with their
names. Hark while the list of prisoners
ia.read: ' .
Tin ore is reported to have been dls
coverd in Nevada near Carson City.
The Carson Appeal, which is authority
for the statement, says:
A few days ago one of the local prospectors
took a Diece of ore to one of Carson's aasay
ers, where a tost was made for tin. The
specimens *how the metal in considerable
quantity and the exact amount is to be de
termined by actual tests. The specimens came
from wltfcln a few milea of this city and the
party bringing it in claims to have a good
body of ore. Should the percentage be high
enough there is a fortune in it for the owner
ns a tin mine is as valuable as a cold mine or
any of the other m»tal«. In apeaking of this
the assaver Bald that the trouble with the
prospectors is that too much time is wapfd
in huntlncr un gold and silver, while the rent
"f the metals are left to the expert who will
happen alons In the course of time. Usually
the prospector will take a horning of the ore
or make a simDlc te^t for silver end Jn case
of a failure the property is dropped from the
list and it is regarded as an abandoned claim.
DISCOVERY OF TJX ORE.
According to the Grass Valley Un
ion the Tule Belle mine will be started
again. The company operating the
property owns 130 acres at Cincinnati
Hill, Xevada County.
W. H. Mathewson has deeded to Woodard
T. Carter n one-quarter interest in the Blue
Jay and Jack Kabbit mines with mill site.
Otto Kanig has deeded to the Republic Mining
and Milling Company the Concord quartz
mining claim. On Saturday last Otto Kanig
received the final payment for the Kanig mine
which had been under bond to Mr. Willhelm
A four-stamp mill, which. was taken from the
fourteen-3tamp one on the Der.smore. is being
placed on the property. Mr. Kanig has other
mines in that locality which he is developing.
W. H. Mathewson and C. A. Belli have deeded
to Fred T. Robson a one-third interest in the
Weybosset cold quartz mine.
The Stockton Hill gravel mine, at
Mokelumne Hill, recently reopened, is
reported to have developed well. The
Calaveras Prospect says that the indi
cations have been promising since the
work of reopening the property began.
Recent changes in the ownership of
properties, in Tuolumne County are re
ported by the Tuolumne Independent as
follows:
The Carson Creek property, better known as
the Jones mining property, has been leased to
a wealthy company, with privilege of pur
chasing after a stated time. The same com
pany has bonded the Allison group of mines
adjoining the Carson Creek property. Active
operations are to begin on both properties
within th? next two or Ihree weeks. The old
Jones Fhaft is to be unwatered. and Carson
Creek Is to t>e flumed where th<* break into the
Jones mine took place some three years ago,
v.-hen th» mine was flooded from the • waters
pouring into it from the creek. The object in
coins- into the old workings is to reach the
Douglas lode, which lies on the extreme west
of the Carson Creek group. The Dourlas lod«
is considered by competent miners to be the
best property in the group.
The Mountain Echo of Angels Camp
reports that there is a mining boom at
Angels and gives the following partlcu T
lars:
Considerable interest is being: taken in mines
herf that, have Iain dormant for years, and in
many of them development work Is' going on.
Those having performed the requisite amount
of labor on their claims to er.title them to a
patent are applying for Government title, while
thoKe holdinz c!aims of value are hurrying
work and improvements to a sufficient value
to admit them to make application for a Gov
ernment patent.
A convenient arrangement shows the
values of minerals produced in the year
1902, and also the counties in which the
discoveries were made, so that any per
son that wishes to know immediately
where any particular substance may be
found in California will be able to turn
to the proper page for Information
without delay. The gold output of
counties, for instance, is reported on the
basis of the returns for 1902, the latest
calendar year for which full repoTts
have been received. The table follows:
Alpine County, $10,359; Amador County,
Sl.ti20.151: Butte County. f»lC.7S2; Calavera*
County. $2,072,939: CoIUEa County. $850; D«l
Xorte County. $5450; El Dorado County. $335,
031; Fresno County. $54,427: Humboldt County,
««O.O15; Inyo County. $74,397: Kern County,
$1,1«5.S>S2: Laosen County. $23,410; Los Ange
les County, $7209; Madefa County, $35.12S;
Mariposa County, $031,478: Mono County, $M0,
r>!t6; Monterey County. $6SG0; Nevada County,
$2,142,740; Orange County. $250; Placer Coun
ty. $M3.3G6 : Plunias County, $3S0,CS6: River
side County. $47,947; Sacramento County, $125,
89*: San Bernardino County. $394,936; San
Diero County, $338,877; San Luis Obispo Coun
ty, $2299; Santa Barbara County, $200; Shasta
County, $878,700; Sierra County, $32«,165; Sia
kiyou County. $906,9*9; Trinity County, $719,-
S02: Tulare County, $11.C4S; Tuolumne County,
$1.7$>1.S2»: Ventura County. $2012; Tuba Coun
ty. $155,630; total, $16,910,320.
All other mineral substances are re
ported in the same way. At the end of
the pamphlet to be distributed to all
inquirers is a list of the special bulletins
that have been prepared under the di
rection of the State Mining Bureau.
BOOMING AT ANGELS.
limestone nnd coal in five, magneslte and min
eral paint in lour, gypsum, marble and natural
«r?."j tn three, bituminous 'rock, iborax, cement.
Infusorial earth and pyrites In two. The fol
lowing: substances were each produced In
cne county: Chrome, chryeoprase. Fuller's
earth, glass sand. gra;,hite, lithla. mica, man
frsnese, mica, platinum, serpentine, fioapatone,
&oda. slate, tourmaline end turquoiae. This
rtatrment relates only to mineral substances
pjotiuced la 1802. There are. however, numer
ous places where these minerals are known,
but where they are not at present being mined.
In nil there were forty-four different* mineral
Fiibstances produced in California in 1002;
but eever.ty-flve different mineral substances
are known to exist in the State, many of
which are not 3 - et utilized.
and invited them Into Blander's res
taurant to enjoy a repast. ' After the
commissary department of the restau
rant had disappeared and there was
nothing -left but the waiter's eyebrows
for service pn a lone piece of toast the
elder Gannon brother said. "Excuse me
for a minute," and -wafted through the
swinging doors. The two boys waited,
but the host came not back.
In his wrath the proprietor caused
the arrest of the boys, and they made
such an honest appearance, in words
and' looks, that the - Judge promptly
dismissed them. But when the eider
Gannon brother appears, "ZIss, boom,
ah!".^.V ; -. : :¦. u-,;>vV : ,?v .
EXPLAIN HIS CONDUCT
Police Commissioners Hear
Testimony of Witnesses in
the Case of Tom Kim Yung
State Has Hidden Treasures^ to Exploit
State Mineralogist Issues Pamphlet to Let
•Visitors to St. Louis Know That the
Assyrians With Fearful Names Accused
of Disturbing the. Peace' of Lodgers.
Pitiful Case of Abuse Told by Wife
ANCIENT HISTORY IS REVIVED
BY COLONY IN POLICE COURT
ASK FOR LIGHT
AS TO ARREST
COMPENDIUM OF MINING FACTS
IS PREPARED FOR EXPOSITION
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SATURDAY, JANUARY 30. 1004.
7
ADVERTISEMENTS.
To prevent Colds, Chills or Ma-
iria, there is nothing so sure as
ie Bitters. It tones up the sys-
im, stirs up the sluggish blood
nd positively cures Sick Head-
ci>e. Dizziness, Insomnia, Indi-
estion. Dyspepsia and Constipa-
on. A fair trial will convince you.
1"-. '"^gaj
G-OOD
ONEMLLAR
Vou cant Vat this ar.ywlipre for
Hie mon^y. My cutlery is all Mgh
riade and dependable The brands I
carry are Ptnndard the world over.
,r!)"y include Wostfnholm'B. I X L.
Jorian'c. Hcr»«kel«, Stiletto and other
wcj.'-unown makes.
31A2OKS that you ran depend on. a»
lv *' »•, fl.OO
WAS SAPETT RAZORS, the >CfU-
!£r fi.yo kind, I am telling at fl.50
SCXSSOES, pood ones, according to
rir* ar.d rtylc. as low as ...25c
KAZOR STROPS. 7rom up. Two
t*ars Williams- JOc Ehavi^J rioap.......l5c
Ka!l r.rdcrs promptly filled.
TKAT MAR PITTS,
,„ y V- PITTS. IT* Eutioner.
. 1003 Karkrt street, above PowelL
CALIFORNIA
LIMITED TO CHICAGO
" LEAVES DAiLY
at S)::U) a. m., . through In 3 fl*r»,
with diner and all travQlnrm.
Other Santa Tm Trains*
I'vll' ™'l t0T Stockton. Frwmo. Baksrsfleld.
8:00p' S J Merced> Hanfor(S * nd Vlsalla.
4:00 p. m. for Stockton.
8 :00 p. tn. for Kansu City, Grand Canyon and
Chicago.* . ';...»¦ . ''.•^-\-
TICKET OPriCXS— «41 Market St. and
Perry Depot, S. P. Also Ilia. Broad-
way. Oakland. CaL . 27 South Pint
St., Ban Jose. \ \.£\ '\
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Trains leave »nd ar« <lns to arrivsat
SAN FKANCISCO.
Qteln Line. Toot of Mtrtet 3tr— <>
"niTX — Frnon Dzcixsn 29. 190*. — AB»rr»"
74)Oa Vsc»Tllle. Winters, Kums«y 7.54r
jMa. BenSfla, Salsan, Elmlraaad Saera*
niento 7.25*
7 JO* Vatlejo, Naps. Callstozs, 3aaU .
Rosa. Mirtlnfg. Saa Samoa S.25**
730* Klles. Llrermore, Traej. Lathropt.
Ssoekron 7.25»
•JWa StaMta Expresa— (Via D«t1...
Williams (for Bartlett Sprtas«).
wniows. tFrnto. Ked BlaO,
Fortlsnd. Tacoiiu, Seattle...... 7.53*
• 00* 0»TU.W«oill«n«l, KatzhttLaadlag.
Marysvllle. Orovni-! . 7.5J*
• 30* Port Costa, Martinet. Aattoca,
Byroa. Tracy. Stockton. N"e»-
man, Los Banos. Mendota,
Armona, Haaf or4. Vlsalla,
PortsrTllle 4,25»
f JOjl Port Costa, Msrtlnez. Tner. L*th-
rop. Modesto. M<rced. Fresno.
Gosnea Junction. H»n ford,
Vlsalla, Bakersaeld ... 4.58»
t-50* Xllfs,-S»n Jo»e, Llr«rmoTe. Stock* .:.••¦ -
ton. (tMlltoa), loae. Sacraneato. .
• Placerniie. MfcrysTin*. Calco,
Bed Blaff ....... 4.25»
8 30* Oakdale. Chinese, J»aie«»»n. So-
nor*. To«laniie and Aajeu .«.. 4 25»
0 00*.. Atfantle Kxpress— Oeden *nd East. 1tJS«
8.30* nJchmoad. Martlaes and Way
Station* .. S-SSy
IOCOa Tnn Orerlaod Lbntted— Us^ea.
.Dearer. Oniatia, Chic»f a . 8 25?
IO^JOa Vallejo- _.. \22St
10.00a Los abs«1m Pa#seager — Port
Costa. Martinez. Byroa. Trsjisy,
Xatltrop. Stockton. M«re«<
Baymood. Fresno, Gotttra .Jaae-
. tlon. H » o ford. Lemcdre; Ylsalla.
Bakers^cid. Lot Angeles ;..;,. 7 -ZS*
itM* Bar**rd. sii»s and Way Stetless. 3.25P
VJOr 8acr«ia«iiU»RtT»T 8teameTS_.".i_ titOOr
IZOr Bentcta, Winter*. . Sacramento.
Woodland. Knights I.an<lt«g.
MarrsTtlle. Ororllla tad w*j _
stattsas ~ .. 10-S9&
S.3QP HaTward.Ntlejaai W«t 3tattott».. l.iif
J.30p Port Costa, Martla«>. Bjtob.
Tracy. Latarop, M*detto,
Merced, Fresno and Way ¦ Ela-
tion i beyond Port Co«U..... 12-ZSr
SSOr Mertlaex.Tr«ey. SWctttw. Lodl... 10^54
4 CQr Martrnes,SaaK»ni'>i»,ValleJo,N«a«,
Callstosa. SaatsMtosaw. .. ... 9 25*
« GOT Nile*. Tr»cv. ScocSttoa. L,«4l ...... 4.25?
4 3Qr Bayward. Niles. Irtinctaa. Saa ) rS.66a
Jose. Llvermore » til. 55*
BCCr Tbe Owl Limited— Neinaan, hot
Baaos. Mendota. FTemo. TnLara.
Baiersfleld. Los An««le». >'.-.•,
Golden State Limited - Sleeper.
Oakland to Loa ABgele*, for Cill-
caco, Tia C. R. I. * P «-53k
5 COr Port Uoata. Tracy. Stockton ....... 12 25?
15 JOr Uayward, Xlles and San Joss ..... 7.25*
COOr H»yw»rd. NUesand Saa Jom....... 9.55*
liQr Euten Express— Ofrden. Denr«r.
. Oaaha, St. Lonli. Ctileaco aad
East. Port Costa, Bealcfa. Sal-
tan. Elmlra. Darta, Sacrament^
Koekltn. Aobcrn. ¦ Cotf ax.
Truekee. Boca.. Reno. Wads-
worth. Wlnnemucca S-Z3»
S.BOr Vatlejo, daDy, except Sunday.... I ....
7-00* Vallejo, 8and«y only. ( ' BB *
TJBQr btchmond. San Pablo. Port Cost*.
Mxrttnei aad Way Stations. ...... , 11-25*
I.OSp Oregon A California Express— Sao-
ramento. ¦ Marysnne. ¦ BeddlBg.
Portland, Paget Sound and Kaat. 8-55*
8.10* Bayward. Nile* aad Saa Jose (Saa-
dayoaiy):.. ...:..:..v.:;... ;.^. 11-83*,
COAST LINE tx«r»i»«»in»).
..(Footaf Market, Strict.)' ¦
•,16* Newark. Centerrliie. Saa Jo»«,
Pelton, Boaloer •Creek, Santa
Crtu aad Way Stations 5-Se>
T2-15* Bewark. tienMrrlllp. 8»n Josa.
•¦¦ Ifew Almadea:Lo*Gatos,Fe:toa.
v . Bo&lder CrMk. Sanu ' Crns 'and
Principal W t y Station* flO 53*
4.1o> Seirsrk. 8«nJo«r. Lot Ottos sad » tS.RS*
war stations. ;:.v..;». ....... .1 ttOSSa
C830r Haaters Train. Saturday only. Saa
Jose and Way Stations." Retnrv
I*S from Lou G»tr>» t*«nrt»T on!r. t7 ZSv
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN * KAN Cisco. Foot or Market Sl ( snpo
-YSAi »:00 11:00 a.*. ,160 3-00 5.15 T.*
From OAKLAND, Foot of Broadway — tti:0O U: «
13:03 lfrOO * ; m. 12 00 2.00 4.00 r.a.
"¦ COAST LINE <Bn»a4 tiaaxe). n
tar-.<TH1nt and tawiMrt 8tre«ta.)
~ 6.10* 6aa Jo«« and W»r Station* ... HSOr
7 00* Saa Josf aadWaySUfons..... ... 6 33'
t-00* New Almadea (Toe*.; Frld.. only), 4.10*
t-00* The Coaster— Stop* only Sao Jote,
fillroy (connection for Holl!»-
ter).- Pajaro.. CastrOTlIle (eon-
section to and > from; Monterey
and Pacific Grove), Sallnaa. Saa
Ardo, Paao Rot>lCiC Santa M»r-
rarl ta. San Lats Obispo. principal
¦tstloos thence Surf : (oonnettloa
i for/ Loin poc), principal ttatlcas
thence Santa B,irt>»r».P*n Rneaa-
?entnra. Santrns. Lot Angeles... 19 4J»
t.00* Sn Jok. Tres Ptnos. Capltola,
¦ 8«nMCraz^Paeiac6roT«.Sallaaa.
¦ Baa Lnls Obtspo and Principal
. Way Stations .............. '.... 4-1»»>
10-30* F«n Jose and Way Stitloat 1.20P
IUOa 8»nta Clara, Ban Joie, Loa GatM " "••••
and Way Stattons -.:....•,;..; J-30* 1
1-SOr 8at> Jose and Way SUttont... .... 8.J3*
•XUr Del Monte Express— Santa Clara,
Ban Joae. Uei Monte. Monterey.
Pacific Grore (connects at Santa
- . Clara, for Santa • Cms. - BouMer
.' Creek and Jf»rTowGaneePolnts> -'¦
" J «t Gilroj for .Holster. Tre*
. \".Pino*.atCajtr«TllIe forSallnaa/iifciS* 1
SJOr Trea Pinoa War Pasienjef. ........ ,10 4«a
4.30f Baa JoaeaadWaySUtloni;..:.... t80Oa.
tSOOr Saa Jose. (Tia S*nu Clsraj Lo*
. Gaw>». and. Principal Way St*-
- tlont (exept 9nad»y» ... ;... t9-00*
J620r EanJoaeandpTtnclpa.IWayStata>Ha {3.4O*
%-i.Or Snaset Ltmttwt.— Redwood. Baa
Jose,Gllroy.SaItns»,Pns6RoBies,
Saa Lats Obtspo. SanU Barbara,
Loa Aneelei. l>emlntr. El Paao, .
Hew Orleans. KewTork. Con-
nects at Pajaro for; Sanu Crns
•ad -at Ca«troTt!l« -for. Paclfto
GrOTOaod Way Stations 7-19*
M.IEr SanUateo.Beresford.B4lmoni.8aSi
Carlo*. .Redwood. Fair Oaks,
UenloPark. Palo Alto tfl «*
, fJOr San Jote and WafSUttoai.. . 631*
SCOT Palo Alto and Way Stations 10.1&*
11.30r booth San Francisco, Mtllbra*. But-
1 Income. < San Mateo, • Belmont,
8an Carlos. Redwood. Fslr Oaks,
Mealo Part, and l*«lo Alto 9.43»
all SOr Mayfielrt, Motinuin .View. Snnny- ¦
Tale. Lawrence. Santa Clara and
San Jose......*............:.:.... q.Atj
AforMorninp. P for After nooa.
1 Sunday excepted. ¦ t Sunday only,
n Saturday only.
I Stop* at all itotloas on Snaday.
Or" Only trains »topptaf at .Valencia St. mathbowm
¦ rf 5:10 a..h..7:00a.*, 11:30 i.n^3f:MrJt««:»rj».»«
1—0 '- ja -JMtaOHaampQtt!k**iMHi
ATlVrTR.TTR'E'M'KNTS. sapB?^Si!^kHsis«ssV
ABSOLUTE SECURITY
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS mnst -fiear
f ac-simile Signature of y^^gg^
M Absolutely Cure I W 111 LEd
J%QMfl&A SICK HEADACHE, i^ |J \f Vfm E$
ImB y\\ FURRED TONGUE.ii4| a #%
MM V M INDIGESTION. K OH I fLS^
{J CONSTIPATION Jgj g M "* "^^|
SALLOW SKIN. ™ TifflF— -^™ UI |I|III
I ¦% #6™ i=^ 3m«|| Pill.--: ,
»u T/MI^U.L i I\/If» sH SnutllOos* ;i if
Th«y TOUCH the Li| V E»rY- tauilPriea -
Genuinej Wrapper Printed on x - \S? ' *T i "stf
RED PAPER BLACK LETTERS /&*<* - Z&£>- 1 >
Look fO» th« 61<aatur» € f 7 .^^^ 1 «C
The North Western-
Union Pacific Excursions
" affcrd unusual opportunities fcf , Mi
. •conotnical and satisftctory journey to
ChicagorEast
Excursions Every Day
Personally conducted parties leave
San Francisco . every Wednesday,
Thursday, Fridays
Leave Los Angeles cne day earlier.
Choice of routes.
-' For fuO Information apply to er lilii — ¦
• R. R. RITCHIE, S. F. BOOTK.
.General KfeaX, Gcol Afent Pan'r Dept,
CUctgoSc North- Western Ky. Union PadSc R. R.
617 Market St. " No. 1 Montzomery St.
. SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
V _!; j __^
CALIFORNU NORTHWESTERN RL CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCI5UU anu hukTH PACIFIC/
K All. WAT COKPA1TT. v ¦ -
Tiburon ' Ferry, Foot of Market Street.
sazt rsAirczsco to sah bafasx..
WKEK DAYS— 7:30. 9:0»^, ll:0O a. nr.; 12:35,
S:30. 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra, trip
at 11:30 d. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip »t 1:50 and 11:30 p.m.
SUNDAYS— 8:0O. 9:30. 11:CO a. m.; 1^0, 3:30.
5:00, 6:20. 11:30 p. m.
SAN EAPAEL TO SA2T . FSA3TCXSCO.
WEEK DAYS— C:C5, 7:33, 7:50, 0;20. 11:13
a. m.; 12:W>. 3:40. 5:C0. 5:20 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:06 and 6:35 p. m
SUNDAYS — 8:00. 9:40. 11:15 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40,
4:55, 5:05, 6:25 p. m_
; Leare | In Efltert . J Arrive
San Francisco. | Sept. 27. 1903. [San Fraaciaco.
Week I Sun- I Destlna- I Son- I Week
Days. I days; | tlon. | daya. ] Days.
7:30 a 8:00 a * I 8:10 a! 8:40 a
» »„ »:3O-a Ignado. 10:40-aJ0:2Oa
3:30 p 3*:30 p 6:05 pi 6^0 p
5:10 P 5:00 p 7^3 pf
":30 a! ~ r | &:ioa 8:40 a
I 8:00a ,. Novato. 110:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 pi »:3rta Petaluma «:05 p -ta)p
. 6:10 p[ 3:30 p and f 7^5 pi
I 5:0Q p| Santa Rosa. . f )
":30«l 1 10:40a'10:2fta
«iwpfajgoS:-. FgIton -
I ' . "Windsor.
7:30 a «;0Oa Healdsburg. 10:40 a 10:20 a
Lyttcn.
3:30 p 3:30 p Oj-serville, 7^5 p dJSOp
CloTerdale. j
7:.TOa| 8:00 a| Hopland ' J10:40a!lO:20a
3:30 p| 3:30 p] and Uklah. 1 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 a| 8:00 al Wlllits. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7 :.«) a| 8:0OaJ. 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 pf 3:^0 p[ Guerngville. j 7;35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 aj 8:00 al Sonoma. I »:10al 8:+0a
5:10p| 5:00 p| V Glen KUen. j 6:03 p| 6:20 p
7:30a!8:0Oa| ~- (10:40 a;10:20 a
3:30 pi 3:30 p| SebastopoL | 7:33 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at~ Grren Brae for ¦ San
Quentin; at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Sprinrs; at Fulton fcr Altrurta and Mark West
Springs; at Lytton -for Lytton Springs; at G«y-
eervllle for.Skargs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the. Geysers.' BooneviUe and Greenwood: at
norland for Duncan Springs, Highland Sprints,
Kelseyvllle. .Caflsbad Springs. Soda Bay. I^ake-
port and Bartlett Pprlnes; at Ukiah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs,. IHue Lakee^ Laurel
Dell Lake., Witter Springs, Upper Lake. Pomo,
Potter Valley, John Day'*, Riverside. Lleriys
Bucknell's.- Sanhedrin Heights. HullviUe. Orr # a
Hot Springs, Halfway House. Comptche, Camp
Stevens. 'Hopkins. Mendocino City. Fort Brass.
Westporf. . ITsal: at "W^Ulits for Fort BraicK.
Westport. Sherwood, Calito. Corello. Layton-
vlll», Cummlngs, Bell's Sprlcgs. Harris, Ol-
sen'r. Dyer, .Garbervllle, Pepperwood, Scotia
and Eureka. ' '¦ •¦ •
'Saturday to Sunday round-trip tickets at re-
duced, rates. -
On Sunday round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael* at half • rates.
-Ticket of nee?, 630 Market street. Chronicle
building.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN,
.Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
HTOSANRAFAEL,
ROSSVALLEY,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc.
via Sausalito Tarry.
Suburban Service. SUndard Gauge Electric—
Depart from San FrMCi«o Da!ly-7:00. 8:00,
9-00 10-00, 11:00 a. m., 12:20, 1:45, 3:15. 4:15,
5 : 15 6:15. 7:00. 8:45. 10:20. 11:15 d. m.
FROM SAN RAFAEL, TO SAN FRANCISCO
Dallv— 5-25, 6:35. 7:4O. 8:35. 0:35. 11:05. a.
m.. .12:20. 1:45. 2:55. 3:45. 4:43. 5:43, 6:45.
S:45. 10:20 p.' tn. ¦ . - •'¦
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAX FRAX-
CISCO— Daily— 5:45, .6:55, 7:52. 8:65, 9:65.
11:20 a. m.,«12::{3, 2:00. 3 '15. 4:05. 6:05, 6:05,
7:05, 8:00. 10:35. p.' m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
""--8:00 a. m. dally— Cazadero and way stations.
5:15 p. m- week' days (Saturdays excepted) —
Tomaies and' way stations. "
3:15 p/m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way sta-
tions. • . t .
; Sundays only— 10 a. m.. Point Reyet and
way stations.
TICKET OFFICE— 626 Market «t. ' "
„. FERRY— Union Depot, foot of Market. St. .
Wt, Tamalpais Railway
,, Leave ; Tia SauaUu Urn .Krriva- -
StaFrancfaco fxt rf Mirtt Sl San Francfaco
Week Sun- tgw - ¦ Son- I Week
Pays, days daya Days. !
•1M81*8:OOa eSsSSSsa l-:<>»r 10:404
*I:45p 9:OOa VS^SBwr Ii25rt:8or !
5:16r IO-.OOa XSti^nSw S:BOr 5:5Op |
H:ooa \e5£3§r 4:5e r t:s»r
-.mJZZ. * 3:1ft p T:50r '. ¦ ,,
¦*>M»stTltkit^«>r * j Kfmik ai TO«w fls^
- TICCiT I 626 Majucxt ST.,(Nort]j Shore Railroad) •
¦ imCJQ I mod Savsauto Fexav, Foot Market 9c
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
I SHREVE& GO'S |
STATIONERY DEPARTMENT ;
• -.-".",:. '*,- ? . j
Will be opened on Mon-
day, February lsL It will
have m its work rooms
complete facilities for the
production of Fine Station-
cry m all Us branches. Ex-
clusivcncss will charac-
terize the products of the
Department
POST and MARKET STS.
Mm W^M ift fiBsQ&K^^ sfls^r ~ .^ H
Guaranteed Pup?, I
None So Good* 1
Soti Everpwhepttz c I
HILBEKT MEKCANTII4K CO^ R
• ', ¦ Faclflc Cons' » cf n t., H
PEABODY&CO. Bff
makers or . . \ . Kla
CLUETT AND ARROW COLLARS Jj|j<|
h visit DR. JORDAN'S great d
dMUSEUM OF AHATOHYf
¦A Cfc lC31UA2ZXiET.lrt.S:t*7'i,3.r.S;!. A
: A •' CT]. . The Largest Aiutoniul Museum in the \
V Mi3&k£Ll '"¦•"'''* ¦. Weaknesses u my ennttactert^
1 tSSSw disease ftoBUIwc-lyemrBdhy the oldest T
(J) Ipaj Specialist on the Co ut. HsL36yf»rs. (j}
A fl§gi- DB .' J O R DAN-D!SEASES OF MEN i
\ ?\§^S^H Con«!tatioa free »nd s'rictijr pri«:e. \
Q B TSmf H Trrattnent ptnovuUy or by letter. A Q
V Q If S\ B Potitivt CWaio erery case nndcrtakea. T ;
nP II 11 A " Write for Book. PHILOmira V of A
V • jl Ji EI&1IBIAGK. UAILLD t'RES. ( A Y
\ n II, taiuable book for mm) ,'..;¦ \
V DB J»n»AX A CO.. 1051 Market St.. 3. F. 0
Always. Remember the : Pall JNgroe
g jtxative 'Rromo Arrnme
Cures a Cold in One Day, Gnp in 2 Daytcandles st Blace fruits and
etched ho^L % P ? und ' !n artistic fire
iends mM,i nce Present for Eastern
inenas. TLt Market st.. above Call bldg. •
"Statesmen high in the critical councils of Japan are
authority for the statement that Korea will be the the
ater of the warlike operations of their nation. It might
be well for them to have a care that in Korea the Mikado
do not see the curtain fall on»his ambitions of conti
nental empire
The Clock's Tick.
A . German psychologist has been
exploding the well known theory that
the "tick-tock" of a clock Is purely
subjective, and that in reality the two
beats sound precisely, alike. This has
often been used as an illustration of
Ex^Secretary of State John W.* Foster/unbosoming
a long cherished opinion, says that Uncle Sam- is the
earth's , peacemaker. * Mr^ Foster rnay be right, but he
should have added that we are getting into a maze of un
necessary and unwelcome trouble in trying to play the
ungrateful role.
Flogging in Prison.
Flogging is still allowed in English
prisons as a punishment for mutiny
or violence, but recently published
statistics make It doubtful whether
even in these extreme cases corporal
punishment serves the purpose for
which it is intended. . It is shown that
since the number of prison- offenses
for which flogging was allowed were
reduced in 1898, the number of of
fenses against prison discipline have
decreased frqm'147 to! 131 per. 1000
prisoners, while there has-been an In
crease in the number of those offenses
for which the- "cat" is still the pen
alty;
PATENT-R. P., Marysville. Cal. Any
person who has invented soraetnin*
that he desires to have patented can
make application at the patent office
Washington. D. C, for a patent, hut if
not acquainted with the necessary
forms he is liable to make a mistake
and allow "some other feller" to get a
patent ahead of him. For that reason
It is advisable to employ the services
of a reliable attorney who- makes it a
bu&iness to secure patents.
Representative Cochran sa>;s that J. Pierpont Morgan
is in the unenviable class of the pea and shell man, who
thrives upon the credulity of the bucolic and the fool
ishly wise. This appears to be the first recorded definite
suggestion that, it is possible to insult a manipulator of
the pea and shells.
JURORS— A. O. T. S.. City. The
law of this State contemplates that a
man to serve on a Jury in the State
courts must be a citizen of the United
States, not less than 21 years of age.
If a man who "married in this coun
try, has resided here forty years never
was naturalized and never voted*
should be called on a Jury he would be
subject to challenge for the reason
that he is not a cltlsen.
Representative Boutell declared a few dayssince that
the record of the Republican party will be its platform
in the coming campaign. He might have added also
that the man who made this record for his party will be
the standard-bearer -of that party in the struggle which
inevitably will close in victory.
INSECTS— J. C., Paynes Creek. (3al.
To obtain a proper method for the de
struction of Insects that destroy an
apple crop send a sample of the injured
arDles to the State Horticultural Bu
reau, Sacramento. Cal.. and -address a
letter of inquiry relative to spraying,
etc. The same department will advise
you as to reliable books on horticulture.
AUTHENTIC advices, contained in the newspapers
of Los. Angeles, supply, details concer.ning the ef
, , feet of the drought on stock and dairy interests
south of Tehachapi. Every passing day adds to the dis
tress of the situation. Some of the stock raisers' are pre
paring to. move their cattle by rail from the ranges. Many
herds will have to depend upon imported feed to main
tain life. Sheep, so says the Los Angeles Times, arc dy
ing by hundreds on San Clemente Island. In one week
more than 1000 sheep perished there. The 'lease of the
island is held b>' three men who have 22,000 sheep in
pasturage. They fear '.hat they Will be losers to,,thc
amount of $20,000. Hay and other fodder has beeiv sent
to the, island by vessel. Some feed remains , on' San
Clemente; it is too far from the water to be of njuch good
to the emaciated sheep. . ' /¦ '
Some figures are furnished that illustrate the situation
with definiteness. Of the beef consumed in' Southern
California about 25 per cent- is raised and fattened in
Arizona and killed in Los Angeles. About. 50 per cent
is bred in Arizona and is shipped to Southern California
to graze. The remaining 25 per cent; of the total beef
consumed in Southern California is bred and raised in the
southern counties. On account of ;the -lack of. early
rains .the 50 per cent of the beef supply th'at ordinarily
comes from Arizona has not been shipped in this season,
and there is, therefore, a rather small number, of cattle
in the south. ...
Twenty thousand tons of hay, according to one author
ity,) may be needed to feed the beef cattle and cows'of
Los Angeles 1 County during the next sixty days. . The*
A SOUTHERN EMERGENCY.
By official decree gambling is forever barred from
Panama. The new republicans evidently think they took
chances enough in life while filling their' unhappy role
as a state of Colombia. Incidentally we may congratu
late ourselves that Panama will not be the nest to b'reed
another lottery swindle upon the gullible elements of the
American public.
The Grand Vizier of Persia -is among u? seeking, he
says, inspiration from our institutions for the advan
tage of his interesting country. Somebody who loves
his fellow-man should tell him that he will have to give
the quietus to many of his cherishod establishments be
fore ours will do him or. his people any good;
MONEY— Subscriber. City. The latest
fleure3 as to money in^circulatton In
the United States are up to October 1.
1S03. The amount at that time was
$2,404,617,069. At the same date In 1902
it was $2,273,686,651. Of the first named
amount the proportion of gold, includ
ing bullion in the United States treas
ury, was $622.530,W4.
The tragic end of. the meteoric career of Whitaker
Wright, gambler, speculator and confidence operator,
will probably teach no lesson to the dangerous men who
play ducks and drakes with other people's money. There
is in this suicide's crash, however, a just and moral catas
trophe. He who ventures everything of his own and of
his dupes in the unequal game of chance should be pre
pared to hazard his life on the outcome of his audacity.
¦ • ¦, ¦ ¦* ' ¦_
CHARTER POSITIONS— j. M..
City. The courts of this city will un
doubtedly soon be called upon to de
termine whether a person holding a
position in San Francisco under the
city charter by appointment under
civil service rules is a political ap
pointee or not. TheCall will publish
whatever maybe done along that line.
TRANSPORTS— R. D.. Oakland.
Cal. The length of the transports
Sherman and Sheridan is the same.
445.5 feet. The length of the hospi
tal ship Solace is 361.2 feet.
Anszvers to Queries.
CHAMBERLAIN — H. S., City. In
1880, when Gladstone was Premier. J.
Chamberlain was a member of his
Cabinet, holding: the office of Presi
dent of the Board of Trade.
Ferry's Bad Odors.
ALAMEDA. Cal., Jan. 28, 1904
BOARD OF HEALTH PL.EASE NOTE.
Editor San Francisco Call— Sir: I
was delighted to see at last some pub
lic reference to the scandalous condi
tion of the ferry depot, as appeared
in your issue this morning in the shape
of a subscriber's letter. I am a long
suffering individual personally, but
have been a- --ed at the apparent
apathy on the part of the public who
daily pass through the stench pervad
ing corridors at the Terry and endure
the ordeal as though it were part of
nature's own ordainment. Many - of
these gentlemen are extremely partic
ular as to their own home and office
appointments and would also make a
lusty outcry if such filthy . conditions
existed in the ordinary thoroughfares
of this city or the one they live in
across the bay. I say nothing of the
ladies; but emphatically think It a
double seand.il and shame that their
natural protectors should .not kick out,
and viciously at, that, against the rail
road company or the ferry guardians
(whoever they are) that compel ladies
to traverse such a chamber, of horrors
as the one now in question. I have
noticed the shrinking and disgust of
ladies who (not being able to use the
upper stairway by the narrow gauge
route) are forced to breathe the offal
scented passageway to the boats, and
can reatllly believe that the experience
is not one conducl e to the improve
ment of a frail and relaxed physical
condition.
However, you have started the ball
rolling, and ' I trust SOMETHING
WILL. BE DONE SOON to remedy the
abuse. It is a black eye. to the city
at present. The means of thoroughly
cleaning the pavement and walls can*
not be wanting. Water is plentiful;
pumping power is not exorbitant; la
bor, judging by the numerous officials
In livery and otherwise whom one sees
always around, the building, is ample;
a good hc-se drenching every night is
absolutely needed in the ¦ interests of
health, cleanliness and common, de
cency, and once a week hot .water
ought to be. applied to kill the germs
that the ordinary _ washdown has not
carried away. Please, Mr. Call, go -in
for this. reform with all your editorial
vim, and God bless you. Tours, W. M.
Iti'the Midst of Life.
All Is not quiet at the Selby powder
works; up the bay.
The Chinese have struck, not for
higher wages, but for sure wages. They
want their pay as often as they can get
it. Their reasons are obvious to any
one who runs.
The other day the foreman of the
coolies who work in the powder mill
timidly entered the office of the resi
dent manager. He twisted his hat
about in his hands for a minute and
then spoke.
"Missa malanga, Chinaman-he all big
stlike." 0"
The manager whirled about rn his big
chair and brought his most severe
glance to bear upon the trembling
chink. "Why, don't you fellows draw
down your $20 every two weeks all
right?"
"Ah, yes— yes das alia dam tlouble.
Chinaman-he say, me gettie pay t<vlo
week; maybe so me getta blow up one4
two day beflo pay day. Say-ma wukka
one week fl day. Pay -day he nearly
come. Then blam— me blow al hell— no
pay.
"Missa malanga. Chinaman-he wanta
pay evely week."
Mechanics of the Ear.
BY W. R. C. LATSON*. M. D.
<Edifor Health Culture Mapaxine. New York.)
Copyright. 1904. by Joseph B. Bowles.
Among the most remarkable curiosi
ties of the human body is the ap
paratus by which the brain cognizes
sound. This organ is known as the
ear, but the ear is much more than
the external t organ ordinarily so
called. In reality there are three ears
— an external ear, a middle ear, or
tympanum, and an internal ear, on
each side.
Before proceeding further with a
description of the sound recording: ap
paratus it will be necessary to briefly
discuss sound. Sound may be rough
ly defined as a series of movements in
the air or in some other medium, the
movements being produced by some
rapidly vibrating body, such as a
membrane, rod or string. A drum
head, for instance, as it vibrates, im
parts to the air a certain agitation — a
series of# waves. The concussion of
these waves against the auditory ap
paratus constitutes sound. * Sound
waves — that is, air waves — may be
compared to waves of water. The
sound waves may be regular and may
strike the ear like the rhythmic break
ing of waves upon the shore. The
sound waves may, on the other- hand,
be irregular and break against the ear
like the chaotic beating of a stormy
surf. In the former case the sound "is
music; in the latter case it is noise.
Sounds vary in three ways. They
have intensity, pitch and quality. In
tensity depends upon the amplitude of
the vibration — upon the height of the
air wave. Pitch depends upon the
length of the air wave. The shorter
the -waves and the more of them that
pass a given point at one time, the
higher the nJtch. For instance, the
pitch of the note "middle C" is pro
duced by an air wave of such length
that 256 strike the air in one second.
A wave of just one-half that length
will cause 512 concussions in one sec
ond and produce a pitch of one octave
higher.
Now, the power of the human ear
to respond to sound waves is limited
to about ten octaves, seven of which
are comprised in music. Any vibra
tions of the air which cause^ less than
thirty concussions per second. or more
than 40,000 per second are not ap
preciated as sound by the average per
son. The lowest note of a great organ
is often below the range of audibility.
Many people cannot hear the fellow
of a whale because the pitch is too
low. On the other hand, the screech
of the bat "is hdard only, by fine ears
because the pitch is too high, and be
yond this are the notes of many in
sects which are quite out of the range
of human audibility. That which is
silence to a man may be pandemonium
to the differently tuned ear of the ani
mal. In fact, anatomical research
shows that to the animals about us
nature is full of sounds that we can
not hear.
Now the external ear, with its com
plex folds terminating in the concha
into which the auditory canal opens,
is merely a trumpet-like device for the
purpose of collecting the air. waves
and conducting them to the sound re
cording apparatus of the tympanum,
or middle ear. At the middle ear the
sound waves impinge upon the mem
brana tympani, or ."drum" of the ear,
to which is attached the mechanism
which transmutes these minute and
rapid concussions, of air into that state
of consciousness known as sound.
Somewhat Soured.
J. S. Gilbert, an American sojourning
in Panama, is not especially Impressed
with the advantages of that new re
public as a» abiding place. At least
he certainly did not indite the follow
ing lines for an immigration pamphlet:
Beyond the Chagres River are paths— that
lead to death.
To the fevers deadly br**»«». to malaria •
poisonous breath! .
Beyond the tropk: foliage wtfre the alligator
waits
Are the mansions of the devil— his original
estates'.
Beyond the Chagrw Klv»r. 'tl» said, the story'*
old-
Are path* that lead to mountains of purest
¦ virgin gold:
Bui 'tis my firm conviction, whatever tales
they tell.
That beyond the ChaKirs River all path* lead
straight to hell'.
Obsolete Weapons.
Many military critics have declared
that the South African war demon
strates that the bayonet is an obsolete
weapon, but Colonel C. B. ilayne. an
English officer, who has for twenty
years been known as an authority on
Infantry weapons, thinks otherwise.
Even in South Africa, which he con
siders an exceptional case, he says that
the British bayonets often kept the
Boers from coming to close quarters
and thus taking full advantage of their
victories. Nor does he think long range
firing likely to be the decisive factor —
"it is the short range fighting, includ
ing the bayonet assault, that decides."
However, as he calls 800 yards "short
range" it will be seen that with maga
zine guns and plenty of ammunition no
bayonet is likely to be stained with
bloody If the cold steel is retained it
will be chiefly for Its moral influence
and for possible use in a night chares
or against a foe that Is short of
cartridges.
UNDER the title, "California Mines and Minerals,"
an attractive pamphlet, handsomely illustrated, has
been compiled by Charles G. Yale, statistician of
the State Mining Bureau, for distribution at the St.
Louis Exposition. Recognizing that in multitude <}f
things to be seen, heard and. read at the great fair,
the visitor will not have much time to give to any
one subject, and will turn away impatiently from any
offered document that appears verbose or heavy, this
compilation has been compressed into the briefest pos
sible space. No attempt is made to deal exhaustively
with our mineral .resources. Nothing has been given
bej'ond a statement of results, and the consequence is
the reader can see- at a glance what" the mineral indus
tries of the State are yielding at this time.
It is not likely the effect desired by the compiler will
be lessened *>y the terseness of statement he has been
forced to adopt. The showing is sufficiently notable to
impress the mind of every reader who has any interest
at all in mineral industries, and thus lead him to seek
further information. Enough, in fact, is made evident
by the results of our mining operations to confirm Cali
fornia's highest claim to pre-eminence as a mining State,
and the statistics of the results are in this little pamph
let, expressed, all compact, for the understanding of even
the hastiest reader.
A summary of the whole is thus 'given:
"The "total value of the metallic substances for 1902
was $22,069,327, which gold, silver, mineral
paint, quicksilver, copper, lead, manganese, platinum and
chrome. The total value of non-metallic substances was
$3,706,36$. These ¦ substances include borax, coal,
chrysoprase, mineral waters, salt, infusorial earth, gyp
sum, magnesite, pyrites, lithia mica, fuller's earth, quartz
crystals, mica, soda, tourmaline and turquoise. The
total value of hydrocarbons and gases was $5,184,387, an
increase of $1,651,678. The hydrocarbons and gases in
clude asphalt, bituminous rock, natural gas and petroleum.
The number of barrels of oil produced was 14,356,910,
valued at $4,692,189, as against 7,710,315 barrels in 1901,
valued at**$2,Q6i,iO2. The total value of structural mate
rialswas $4,100,023, an increase of $1,161,748 over the pre
vious year. These materials include brick and pottery
clays, Portland cement, lime and limestone, macadam,
rubble and concrete rock, paving blocks, marble, granite,
sandstone, serpentine, slate and glass sand.''
The record shows that forty-four mineral substances
are exploited in the . State, that the mineral valuation
is upward c' $35,060,000 and is increasing at an average
rate of nearly. $2,000,000 a year. .It is to be added that
this does not represent by any -means the best that
can b** expected of our mining industry, there being
numerous mineral claims that have not yet been prop
erly developed, so that there remain golden opportunities
for new investments and new enterprises.
OUR MINES AND MINERALS.
Sentiment is growing in Washington, it-is said, in
favor of the establishment of a protectorate over Santo
Domingo. This idea rif making Uncle Sam the police
man of the Western Hemisphere, may be very pleasing to
our vanity, but we must not forget that the role of
peacemaker involves some serious rows and frequently
dangerous entanglements. s , '
Railrcad .'¦ 'Block System."
BY MAJ/XH.M MeDOWEI-J* i
(Author "Shoii Talk en tli« Wonders of \,he
Orarts.") I
tCopyrfsfct, 1904. by J-jseph H. Kowle«.)
Electrical, mechanical and pneu- j
matie engineer? are ever at work to
check the American's propensity to
take chances. They are constantly
designing and improving: automatic j
device? calculated to remove the j
temptation to take a chance by elim
inating the chance, particularly in the
operation of railroads.
They recognize the unquestionable
fact that whenever a citizen of this
great and glorious country starts for
somewhere he insists on getting there
at the earliest possible moment and is
perfectly willing to Lake the chance of
turning his life insurance policy into
current coin by traveling a mile or
more a minute. They maintain, how
ever, that it is unnecessary for him to
have to take chances in order to
travel at maximum speed. They plan
and think and do things on the propo
sition that the man whose hand is on
the throttle lever in the engine cab
must have no chance to take .chances.
So they are continually scheming to
tise electricity, compressed' air, sem
aphores, disks, interlocking machines,
•"puzzle" switches, electric motors,
storage batteries, colored lights and
all kinds of safety appliances to make
It absolutely impossible for his loco
motive to run into anything or any
thing to run into him.
That is why railroads are spending
rtiilliona of dollars on automatic
'block" signals and interlocking
switch and signal systems. The great
improvements which have been made
in such devices in the last few years
indicate that before long it will be
possible for an engine to run wild
without a man aboard and yet be au
tomatically stopped before it enters
kn occupied "block."
One has but to take a night ride on
the locomotive of a •"limited" or fast
mail, train to thoroughly understand
that no man could be the engineer or
fireman of that locomotive who had in
.him the faintest trace of a streak of
yellow. The disconnected conversa
tion you hold with the engineman
while his swaying, rocking and trem
bling locomotive is eating up seventy
Eiiles of opaque night an hour will
convince you that timidity is an ob
solete word to him: that feer is some-
Jhing he forgot to bring when he left
home, and that caution is an official
utterance to be taken in a Pickwick
ian sense if he's behind time.
Automatic signals are controlled by
the trains which they guard. A rail
road which uses automatic signals is
divided into divisions about three-quar
ters of a mile long, and such divisions
are called "blocks"— hence "block sig
nals." The lengths of these blocks are
Influenced bv the curves or other ob
structions to an engineer's view in the
track, so there is no established length
of track in a block.
Electricity is the agent which not
o.nly transmits to the signal the fact
that a train has entered or left the
block, but It also starts the mechanism
•which actuates the signal.
The signal stands at the entrance of a
Hock. A current of electricity continu
ally glows through the rails of the
track. The track of one block is elec
trically separated from the track of the
abutting block. When the rails of the
track are clear— that is, when no car
wheels of any kind are on them — the
electrical current flows through the
rails of one side of the track, to an
electro-magnet in the signal, thence'
through the rails of the other side of
the track to the battery, completing
the circuit. The instant a pair of
¦wheels connected by an axle enters
the block the circuit is changed, for
the current, instead of passing through
the electro-magnet in the signal, crosses
over from one rail to the other through
the wheels and axles. Then several
things happen. '.V:\~-
There is a hissing of escaping com
pressed air heard by one who Is near
the signal post and the drooping sema
phore rises and extends its arm over
the track— an emphatic gesture which
means "this block is occupied — stop in
stantly." *' •*;.¦_ '
The signal mechanism consists of the
electro-magnet, which controls a valve,
a. compressed air cylinder with its pis
ton head arid piston rod, the latter
connected with a lever .which pushes up
the rod that moves the semaphore.
Compressed air is supplied from, the
buried pipe, which brings it ten or
twenty miles from the air compressor.
"When the block is "clear," that is when I
there is no train, car or locomotive on
it. the semaphore hangs down, pointing
groundward. This tells the engineman
that the track irf clear. The semaphore
is held in the "all clear" position by
the compressed air. When a train en
ters the block and short circuits the
current the armature of the de-ener
gized magnet is moved by a spring
opening a valve which allows the com
pressed air to escai>e from the cylinder.
Instantly the semaphore, by force of
gravity, assumes the horizontal or stop
position. ' . j , -
It will be noticed that to hold the
signal at the "all clear" or "safe" posi
tion it is necessary to shove up the
rod which moves the signal. As soon
as this shoving force is released the
weight of the rod and counter balance,
acting on the short arm. of the sema
phore, causes the blade to rise to the
horizontal or "stop" position. Thus
any failure of the current, any leak
la the plp«, any breaking of the actu-
the irresistible tendency of the mind
to construct a rhythm, and the "tick"
was supposed to seem different from
the "tock." simply because it came on
the down beat. But Dr. Kosenbach of
Berlin, after vainly consulting the
clockmakers, set himself the problem
to solve, and found that the action of
the mechanism Is snich that the cogs
of the escapement wheel do not strike
the arms of the "anchor" in precisely
the same way. "Tick" comes at the
right, with the cog rising: "tock" at
the left with the cog descending. The
result Is that "tick" is more sharply
accentuated (louder?) and of shorter
duration, while "tock" is higher in
pitch. With this differentiation the
source of the universally felt double
rhythm is apparent. Yet it is none the
less true that by an effort of the will
the rhythm can be reversed, and the
accent put on either beat at will, and
with a Htle practice most people can
hear the ticking of a triple rhythm. —
Springfield Republican.
THE Democratic House leader is Mr. John Sharp
• 'Williams, a very able man. Because he has ability
and can think, he is seeking to find an issue be
tween the two parties upon which a campaign can be
made. He makes an authoritative statement in one
of the February magazines, which we hope will be
widely read, for it discloses an interesting, perhaps a
perilous, condition in American politics. He is cyi-
J dently of the opinion that letting the water out of the
j trust stocks has taken the wind out of the trust issue.
His conclusion is that there is ground for an. issue in
j the tariff, but that free trade is a chimera. " Therefore,
! we must have a tariff for revenue only. -It is popular
i in the South to advocate taking the excise taxes' off
I whisky and tobacco. Indeed, Mr. Blaine and Mr. Ran
dall a-greed on that policy, and the South had many a
pang when it opposed. Blaine, for he had nearly captured
I that section by a policy that would transfer taxes from
excise to imposts. , ,.
This would have put all the production of revenue
upon the tariff. The South has long had that policy up
its sleeve, and every Democratic leader from the South
who makes tariff for revenue only an issue" keeps an
eye upon the possibility of satisfying the business in-
I terests of his section by so reforming the tariff as to
make it even more protective than now". So \\t have
Mr. Williams saying: "The tariff reformer ' who would
< do things recklessly or too suddenly : would run the
j'risk of destroying the very- end which' he had in con
templation by furnishing an object lesson which would
not help but hurt him."
Still he advises thei party to seek power on the issue of
tariff reform. Now if such reform is to furnish an object
lesson that will hurt those who do the reforming, is the
object sought a public benefit? The implication is that
j the object lesson will injure the people, who alone can
j hurt a party by voting it out of power. It is true that
I he qualifies by naming reckless or sudden action as
dangerous, but since the same object is sought, whether
j the action be prompt or deliberate, the time schedule
does not affect the result. If the. protective feature of
the tariff is wrong, in morals and .politics, as 1 Mr. Bryan
insists, it should be destroyed without delay, and the
only object lesson would be beneficial to the destroyers.
Mr. Williams is plainly under restraint from the pro
tection sentiment of the South. ' In explanation of his
position he continues: "I have always thought that there
ought to be about every tariff a degree of flexibility, a
maximum and' minimum — a margin within which, by
international trading and bartering, the friends of un
trammeled, or comparatively untrammeled, commerce
could be rewarded for the admission of our^farm and
mining products free,, or nearly free, encouraged in
their course and others encouraged to imitate it; and
whereby also, incident to the rewarding of these, peoples
pursuing an inimical course toward our commerce could
be punished. They could not complain, because they
would not be punished directly, indeed punishment would
not be the end in view. They would be punished by
their' own act, and their punishment would be remitted
by their own act."
While his statement is turgid, one gathers from it
that he wants a tariff for revenue only, so framed as to
rise and fall automatically with the imposts of the coun
tries with which we trade. It is a Democratic substitute
for the McKinley plan of reciprocity. But reciprocity
leaves either protection or revenue in our own control.
The Williams plan would lose, us -the control of either.
In the administration of his pjan the Secretary of the
Treasury would have to order customs office'rs to reduce
the duty on products from any country in proportion to
its reduction. on ours. It is thinkable that under such a
plan Congress might adjourn and go home leaving an
automatic tariff in force to provide revenue, when the
nations with which we trade, desiring to get at our,
market, would let us into theirs free or so nearly
free that our self-acting tariff would not yield enough
revenue to pay the cost of an extra session to take its
automatic flexibility out of it.
Candidly, we put it to the country, is there enough
in this idea of a tariff to make an issue and warrant
a thoughtful citizen in voting for the party that proposes
it?- Beyond this Mr. Williams has no policy upon which
to invite votes except that a Democratic interstate com
merce bill would give th* Interstate Commerce Com
mission the right to fix all railroad rates. That right
can be given, but it can never be exercised, as no com
mission could ever be appointed capable of such a stu
pendous task. A close reading of Mr. Williams leaves
the impression that; after all, his main reason for mak
ing a campaign at all is that his party is "out" and wants
to get "in." In such a reason the people have no inter
est "\vhatevcr.
Fire Protection.
"These are sociable times back of
the scenes when the performance is
on," remarked Stage Manager Ferris
Hartman of the Tivoli. "The ladles of
the chorus never received such gallant
attentions during their working hours"
as has been thrust upon them nightly
since the Chicago holocaust occurred."
"That speaks well for the courtesy
of their masculine' coworkers," was
suggested.
"Oh, there has been no notable en
hancement of their Chesterfleldian
lam," said Mr. Hartman. "They have
no time for lah-de-dahing while the
show Is in operation. It's the visit
ors — our unbidden guests — I allude to.
There was a time when no male crea
ture could pass the stage doorkeeper
unless he belonged to the house, but
now It's different. Any man who can
flash a badge may enter with im
punity, stay as long as he pleases and
do pretty much as he desires. It Is
really affecting to see the deep solici
tude for the safety of theater perform
ers and audiences manifested by al
most every branch of the municipality.
Every inch of the Tivoli stage has
been inspected time and time again by
members of the Board of Supervisors,
members of the Board of Public
Works, members of the Fire Commis
sion and members of every other old
organization that has anything to do
with the city government, and time
and time again the stage has been pro
nounced as well protected from flre
as it possibly could be. But still they
come to obtain new information from
the chorus ladies. They don't seek
knowledge from me, probably because
I'm rude."
"Have you had any trouble with
them?"
"Once. A gentleman with a large
and luminous cigar stuck in his face
flashed his badge, entered and began
to interview a lady of the chorus,
when I mildly reminded him that
smoking was not allowed on the
stage. 'Do you know who I am?' he
angrily demanded, and flashed the
badge. "Without waiting to inspect the
nickel-plated shield and not knowing
whether he was Mayor Schmltz's seal
bearer or the driver of a scavenger
wagon, I plucked the burning brand
from his mouth, chucked it into a flre
bucket and replied. 'No; but I know
who I am.' • He didn't strike me, but
I don't know what might have hap
pened if there had been no ladies
present."
IS THERE AN ISSUE?
atlng mechanism of. the signal allows
the force of gravity t~ come into play,
brings the signal to '.'danger" and holds
every train standing until some one
discovers the break and repairs it. "
The system Just sketched out is the
electro-pneumatic system, and the sig
nal is the semaphore. On a number of
roads, however, the dlskjis the favorite
for automatic signals. It is worked
entirely by the power of the electro
magnet, requiring no- compressed air.
The disk is made of silk, whichis tautly
stretched on a ring. The ring is bal
anced on a pivot and all are contained
in a strong case mounted on a post.
The case has glass slde.«. When the
block is clear the electro-magnet lifts
the disk so that it is entirely hidden in
the upper part of the case, and its ab
sence, showing the white interior of
the case, signals "all clear." An en
tering train short circuits the current,
the di.«ks drop and. showing through
the glass, give the "stop" signal.
In another system the signals are
worked by electric motors contained in
boxes at the bottom of the posts. In
wells, near the posts, are storage bat
teries, which supply the current to act
uate the motors, and the storage bat
teries are charged by the dynamo in
the central plant— perhaps miles away.
There are two signals for each block
mo-anted on a single post; the top sig
nal is called the "home" signal, the
bottom is called the "distant" signal.
When the ?igrnals are semaphores the
"distant" signal is fish-tailed; that is,
deeply notched at the outer end. The
electrical connections are such that
when a train enters a block the "home"
signal comes to the horizontal position,
the "distant" signal remains 'pointing
downward. This indicates that the
block is occupied by a train, but that
the next block ahead is clear. When
the train leaves the first block and en
ters the second the "distant" signal of
the first block flies to the "stop" posi
tion, as does the "home" signal of the
second block, and the "home" signal of
the first block falls to safety. This in
dicates that the train has left the first
blc.^k, but is still in the second. When
the train leaves the second block both
signals of the first block show that tfre
track is all clear for two blocks.
price for milk has been raised and if there is not more
rain there will be another advance in the market. Butter
has reached the 'price, of 70 cents per roll wholesale and
80 cents per roll retail. The dealers say the price of but
ter may go up to 80 cents wholesale and 90 cents per roll
at retail.
Reports have been received from the counties about
K6s Angeles. There are about 1500 head of cattle about
Pomona apart from those on the Chino ranch. Hard
ship will probably be experienced. by eight to ten thoiw
sand sheep witfiin a radius of fifteen miles of Pomona.
In other districts there are several thousand head of
cattle and feed is scarce in all directions and may be
come scarcer. , •¦
At Downey the conditions are better than at some
other points, there being in the neighborhood fifteeen
miles of ditches from which. water may be taken for irri
gating. The water in the San Gabriel Valley has been
running lower than usuaj at this time of the year. Of
all the localities near to Los Angeles Compton is re
ported to be the best prepared. There barley* is being
cut for hay. On the cattle and, sheep ranges a large loss
is probable. The cattle are crowding\back to the farthest
canyons and h'igher. hills. There are' in Ventura County
from ten thousand to twelve thousand cattle on the
ranges and twenty thousand sheep.
THE S AN FRANCISGO GALL
JOHN D. SFRECKELS, Proprietor . . . .V ?'.-.. . Address All Communications to JOHN HcNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Office < *^illlil^ > * ' ••4' Tlllld and Market Streets. S. P.
SATURDAY. . . . . . .".'.... JANUARY .u>. 1O04.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, 'JANUARY 30, 1904.
h.f^t 1 '"^"nation supplied dally to
PreLs CHlnnlnl e V nd DuWic - «« by the
INSTRUCTIVE STUDIES
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMEN
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
8candles st Blace fruits and
etched ho^L % P ? und ' !n artistic fire
iends mM,i nce Present for Eastern
inenas. TLt Market st.. above Call bldg. •
"Statesmen high in the critical councils of Japan are
authority for the statement that Korea will be the the
ater of the warlike operations of their nation. It might
be well for them to have a care that in Korea the Mikado
do not see the curtain fall on»his ambitions of conti
nental empire
The Clock's Tick.
A . German psychologist has been
exploding the well known theory that
the "tick-tock" of a clock Is purely
subjective, and that in reality the two
beats sound precisely, alike. This has
often been used as an illustration of
Ex^Secretary of State John W.* Foster/unbosoming
a long cherished opinion, says that Uncle Sam- is the
earth's , peacemaker. * Mr^ Foster rnay be right, but he
should have added that we are getting into a maze of un
necessary and unwelcome trouble in trying to play the
ungrateful role.
Flogging in Prison.
Flogging is still allowed in English
prisons as a punishment for mutiny
or violence, but recently published
statistics make It doubtful whether
even in these extreme cases corporal
punishment serves the purpose for
which it is intended. . It is shown that
since the number of prison- offenses
for which flogging was allowed were
reduced in 1898, the number of of
fenses against prison discipline have
decreased frqm'147 to! 131 per. 1000
prisoners, while there has-been an In
crease in the number of those offenses
for which the- "cat" is still the pen
alty;
PATENT-R. P., Marysville. Cal. Any
person who has invented soraetnin*
that he desires to have patented can
make application at the patent office
Washington. D. C, for a patent, hut if
not acquainted with the necessary
forms he is liable to make a mistake
and allow "some other feller" to get a
patent ahead of him. For that reason
It is advisable to employ the services
of a reliable attorney who- makes it a
bu&iness to secure patents.
Representative Cochran sa>;s that J. Pierpont Morgan
is in the unenviable class of the pea and shell man, who
thrives upon the credulity of the bucolic and the fool
ishly wise. This appears to be the first recorded definite
suggestion that, it is possible to insult a manipulator of
the pea and shells.
JURORS— A. O. T. S.. City. The
law of this State contemplates that a
man to serve on a Jury in the State
courts must be a citizen of the United
States, not less than 21 years of age.
If a man who "married in this coun
try, has resided here forty years never
was naturalized and never voted*
should be called on a Jury he would be
subject to challenge for the reason
that he is not a cltlsen.
Representative Boutell declared a few dayssince that
the record of the Republican party will be its platform
in the coming campaign. He might have added also
that the man who made this record for his party will be
the standard-bearer -of that party in the struggle which
inevitably will close in victory.
INSECTS— J. C., Paynes Creek. (3al.
To obtain a proper method for the de
struction of Insects that destroy an
apple crop send a sample of the injured
arDles to the State Horticultural Bu
reau, Sacramento. Cal.. and -address a
letter of inquiry relative to spraying,
etc. The same department will advise
you as to reliable books on horticulture.
AUTHENTIC advices, contained in the newspapers
of Los. Angeles, supply, details concer.ning the ef
, , feet of the drought on stock and dairy interests
south of Tehachapi. Every passing day adds to the dis
tress of the situation. Some of the stock raisers' are pre
paring to. move their cattle by rail from the ranges. Many
herds will have to depend upon imported feed to main
tain life. Sheep, so says the Los Angeles Times, arc dy
ing by hundreds on San Clemente Island. In one week
more than 1000 sheep perished there. The 'lease of the
island is held b>' three men who have 22,000 sheep in
pasturage. They fear '.hat they Will be losers to,,thc
amount of $20,000. Hay and other fodder has beeiv sent
to the, island by vessel. Some feed remains , on' San
Clemente; it is too far from the water to be of njuch good
to the emaciated sheep. . ' /¦ '
Some figures are furnished that illustrate the situation
with definiteness. Of the beef consumed in' Southern
California about 25 per cent- is raised and fattened in
Arizona and killed in Los Angeles. About. 50 per cent
is bred in Arizona and is shipped to Southern California
to graze. The remaining 25 per cent; of the total beef
consumed in Southern California is bred and raised in the
southern counties. On account of ;the -lack of. early
rains .the 50 per cent of the beef supply th'at ordinarily
comes from Arizona has not been shipped in this season,
and there is, therefore, a rather small number, of cattle
in the south. ...
Twenty thousand tons of hay, according to one author
ity,) may be needed to feed the beef cattle and cows'of
Los Angeles 1 County during the next sixty days. . The*
A SOUTHERN EMERGENCY.
By official decree gambling is forever barred from
Panama. The new republicans evidently think they took
chances enough in life while filling their' unhappy role
as a state of Colombia. Incidentally we may congratu
late ourselves that Panama will not be the nest to b'reed
another lottery swindle upon the gullible elements of the
American public.
The Grand Vizier of Persia -is among u? seeking, he
says, inspiration from our institutions for the advan
tage of his interesting country. Somebody who loves
his fellow-man should tell him that he will have to give
the quietus to many of his cherishod establishments be
fore ours will do him or. his people any good;
MONEY— Subscriber. City. The latest
fleure3 as to money in^circulatton In
the United States are up to October 1.
1S03. The amount at that time was
$2,404,617,069. At the same date In 1902
it was $2,273,686,651. Of the first named
amount the proportion of gold, includ
ing bullion in the United States treas
ury, was $622.530,W4.
The tragic end of. the meteoric career of Whitaker
Wright, gambler, speculator and confidence operator,
will probably teach no lesson to the dangerous men who
play ducks and drakes with other people's money. There
is in this suicide's crash, however, a just and moral catas
trophe. He who ventures everything of his own and of
his dupes in the unequal game of chance should be pre
pared to hazard his life on the outcome of his audacity.
¦ • ¦, ¦ ¦* ' ¦_
CHARTER POSITIONS— j. M..
City. The courts of this city will un
doubtedly soon be called upon to de
termine whether a person holding a
position in San Francisco under the
city charter by appointment under
civil service rules is a political ap
pointee or not. TheCall will publish
whatever maybe done along that line.
TRANSPORTS— R. D.. Oakland.
Cal. The length of the transports
Sherman and Sheridan is the same.
445.5 feet. The length of the hospi
tal ship Solace is 361.2 feet.
Anszvers to Queries.
CHAMBERLAIN — H. S., City. In
1880, when Gladstone was Premier. J.
Chamberlain was a member of his
Cabinet, holding: the office of Presi
dent of the Board of Trade.
Ferry's Bad Odors.
ALAMEDA. Cal., Jan. 28, 1904
BOARD OF HEALTH PL.EASE NOTE.
Editor San Francisco Call— Sir: I
was delighted to see at last some pub
lic reference to the scandalous condi
tion of the ferry depot, as appeared
in your issue this morning in the shape
of a subscriber's letter. I am a long
suffering individual personally, but
have been a- --ed at the apparent
apathy on the part of the public who
daily pass through the stench pervad
ing corridors at the Terry and endure
the ordeal as though it were part of
nature's own ordainment. Many - of
these gentlemen are extremely partic
ular as to their own home and office
appointments and would also make a
lusty outcry if such filthy . conditions
existed in the ordinary thoroughfares
of this city or the one they live in
across the bay. I say nothing of the
ladies; but emphatically think It a
double seand.il and shame that their
natural protectors should .not kick out,
and viciously at, that, against the rail
road company or the ferry guardians
(whoever they are) that compel ladies
to traverse such a chamber, of horrors
as the one now in question. I have
noticed the shrinking and disgust of
ladies who (not being able to use the
upper stairway by the narrow gauge
route) are forced to breathe the offal
scented passageway to the boats, and
can reatllly believe that the experience
is not one conducl e to the improve
ment of a frail and relaxed physical
condition.
However, you have started the ball
rolling, and ' I trust SOMETHING
WILL. BE DONE SOON to remedy the
abuse. It is a black eye. to the city
at present. The means of thoroughly
cleaning the pavement and walls can*
not be wanting. Water is plentiful;
pumping power is not exorbitant; la
bor, judging by the numerous officials
In livery and otherwise whom one sees
always around, the building, is ample;
a good hc-se drenching every night is
absolutely needed in the ¦ interests of
health, cleanliness and common, de
cency, and once a week hot .water
ought to be. applied to kill the germs
that the ordinary _ washdown has not
carried away. Please, Mr. Call, go -in
for this. reform with all your editorial
vim, and God bless you. Tours, W. M.
Iti'the Midst of Life.
All Is not quiet at the Selby powder
works; up the bay.
The Chinese have struck, not for
higher wages, but for sure wages. They
want their pay as often as they can get
it. Their reasons are obvious to any
one who runs.
The other day the foreman of the
coolies who work in the powder mill
timidly entered the office of the resi
dent manager. He twisted his hat
about in his hands for a minute and
then spoke.
"Missa malanga, Chinaman-he all big
stlike." 0"
The manager whirled about rn his big
chair and brought his most severe
glance to bear upon the trembling
chink. "Why, don't you fellows draw
down your $20 every two weeks all
right?"
"Ah, yes— yes das alia dam tlouble.
Chinaman-he say, me gettie pay t<vlo
week; maybe so me getta blow up one4
two day beflo pay day. Say-ma wukka
one week fl day. Pay -day he nearly
come. Then blam— me blow al hell— no
pay.
"Missa malanga. Chinaman-he wanta
pay evely week."
Mechanics of the Ear.
BY W. R. C. LATSON*. M. D.
<Edifor Health Culture Mapaxine. New York.)
Copyright. 1904. by Joseph B. Bowles.
Among the most remarkable curiosi
ties of the human body is the ap
paratus by which the brain cognizes
sound. This organ is known as the
ear, but the ear is much more than
the external t organ ordinarily so
called. In reality there are three ears
— an external ear, a middle ear, or
tympanum, and an internal ear, on
each side.
Before proceeding further with a
description of the sound recording: ap
paratus it will be necessary to briefly
discuss sound. Sound may be rough
ly defined as a series of movements in
the air or in some other medium, the
movements being produced by some
rapidly vibrating body, such as a
membrane, rod or string. A drum
head, for instance, as it vibrates, im
parts to the air a certain agitation — a
series of# waves. The concussion of
these waves against the auditory ap
paratus constitutes sound. * Sound
waves — that is, air waves — may be
compared to waves of water. The
sound waves may be regular and may
strike the ear like the rhythmic break
ing of waves upon the shore. The
sound waves may, on the other- hand,
be irregular and break against the ear
like the chaotic beating of a stormy
surf. In the former case the sound "is
music; in the latter case it is noise.
Sounds vary in three ways. They
have intensity, pitch and quality. In
tensity depends upon the amplitude of
the vibration — upon the height of the
air wave. Pitch depends upon the
length of the air wave. The shorter
the -waves and the more of them that
pass a given point at one time, the
higher the nJtch. For instance, the
pitch of the note "middle C" is pro
duced by an air wave of such length
that 256 strike the air in one second.
A wave of just one-half that length
will cause 512 concussions in one sec
ond and produce a pitch of one octave
higher.
Now, the power of the human ear
to respond to sound waves is limited
to about ten octaves, seven of which
are comprised in music. Any vibra
tions of the air which cause^ less than
thirty concussions per second. or more
than 40,000 per second are not ap
preciated as sound by the average per
son. The lowest note of a great organ
is often below the range of audibility.
Many people cannot hear the fellow
of a whale because the pitch is too
low. On the other hand, the screech
of the bat "is hdard only, by fine ears
because the pitch is too high, and be
yond this are the notes of many in
sects which are quite out of the range
of human audibility. That which is
silence to a man may be pandemonium
to the differently tuned ear of the ani
mal. In fact, anatomical research
shows that to the animals about us
nature is full of sounds that we can
not hear.
Now the external ear, with its com
plex folds terminating in the concha
into which the auditory canal opens,
is merely a trumpet-like device for the
purpose of collecting the air. waves
and conducting them to the sound re
cording apparatus of the tympanum,
or middle ear. At the middle ear the
sound waves impinge upon the mem
brana tympani, or ."drum" of the ear,
to which is attached the mechanism
which transmutes these minute and
rapid concussions, of air into that state
of consciousness known as sound.
Somewhat Soured.
J. S. Gilbert, an American sojourning
in Panama, is not especially Impressed
with the advantages of that new re
public as a» abiding place. At least
he certainly did not indite the follow
ing lines for an immigration pamphlet:
Beyond the Chagres River are paths— that
lead to death.
To the fevers deadly br**»«». to malaria •
poisonous breath! .
Beyond the tropk: foliage wtfre the alligator
waits
Are the mansions of the devil— his original
estates'.
Beyond the Chagrw Klv»r. 'tl» said, the story'*
old-
Are path* that lead to mountains of purest
¦ virgin gold:
Bui 'tis my firm conviction, whatever tales
they tell.
That beyond the ChaKirs River all path* lead
straight to hell'.
Obsolete Weapons.
Many military critics have declared
that the South African war demon
strates that the bayonet is an obsolete
weapon, but Colonel C. B. ilayne. an
English officer, who has for twenty
years been known as an authority on
Infantry weapons, thinks otherwise.
Even in South Africa, which he con
siders an exceptional case, he says that
the British bayonets often kept the
Boers from coming to close quarters
and thus taking full advantage of their
victories. Nor does he think long range
firing likely to be the decisive factor —
"it is the short range fighting, includ
ing the bayonet assault, that decides."
However, as he calls 800 yards "short
range" it will be seen that with maga
zine guns and plenty of ammunition no
bayonet is likely to be stained with
bloody If the cold steel is retained it
will be chiefly for Its moral influence
and for possible use in a night chares
or against a foe that Is short of
cartridges.
UNDER the title, "California Mines and Minerals,"
an attractive pamphlet, handsomely illustrated, has
been compiled by Charles G. Yale, statistician of
the State Mining Bureau, for distribution at the St.
Louis Exposition. Recognizing that in multitude <}f
things to be seen, heard and. read at the great fair,
the visitor will not have much time to give to any
one subject, and will turn away impatiently from any
offered document that appears verbose or heavy, this
compilation has been compressed into the briefest pos
sible space. No attempt is made to deal exhaustively
with our mineral .resources. Nothing has been given
bej'ond a statement of results, and the consequence is
the reader can see- at a glance what" the mineral indus
tries of the State are yielding at this time.
It is not likely the effect desired by the compiler will
be lessened *>y the terseness of statement he has been
forced to adopt. The showing is sufficiently notable to
impress the mind of every reader who has any interest
at all in mineral industries, and thus lead him to seek
further information. Enough, in fact, is made evident
by the results of our mining operations to confirm Cali
fornia's highest claim to pre-eminence as a mining State,
and the statistics of the results are in this little pamph
let, expressed, all compact, for the understanding of even
the hastiest reader.
A summary of the whole is thus 'given:
"The "total value of the metallic substances for 1902
was $22,069,327, which gold, silver, mineral
paint, quicksilver, copper, lead, manganese, platinum and
chrome. The total value of non-metallic substances was
$3,706,36$. These ¦ substances include borax, coal,
chrysoprase, mineral waters, salt, infusorial earth, gyp
sum, magnesite, pyrites, lithia mica, fuller's earth, quartz
crystals, mica, soda, tourmaline and turquoise. The
total value of hydrocarbons and gases was $5,184,387, an
increase of $1,651,678. The hydrocarbons and gases in
clude asphalt, bituminous rock, natural gas and petroleum.
The number of barrels of oil produced was 14,356,910,
valued at $4,692,189, as against 7,710,315 barrels in 1901,
valued at**$2,Q6i,iO2. The total value of structural mate
rialswas $4,100,023, an increase of $1,161,748 over the pre
vious year. These materials include brick and pottery
clays, Portland cement, lime and limestone, macadam,
rubble and concrete rock, paving blocks, marble, granite,
sandstone, serpentine, slate and glass sand.''
The record shows that forty-four mineral substances
are exploited in the . State, that the mineral valuation
is upward c' $35,060,000 and is increasing at an average
rate of nearly. $2,000,000 a year. .It is to be added that
this does not represent by any -means the best that
can b** expected of our mining industry, there being
numerous mineral claims that have not yet been prop
erly developed, so that there remain golden opportunities
for new investments and new enterprises.
OUR MINES AND MINERALS.
Sentiment is growing in Washington, it-is said, in
favor of the establishment of a protectorate over Santo
Domingo. This idea rif making Uncle Sam the police
man of the Western Hemisphere, may be very pleasing to
our vanity, but we must not forget that the role of
peacemaker involves some serious rows and frequently
dangerous entanglements. s , '
Railrcad .'¦ 'Block System."
BY MAJ/XH.M MeDOWEI-J* i
(Author "Shoii Talk en tli« Wonders of \,he
Orarts.") I
tCopyrfsfct, 1904. by J-jseph H. Kowle«.)
Electrical, mechanical and pneu- j
matie engineer? are ever at work to
check the American's propensity to
take chances. They are constantly
designing and improving: automatic j
device? calculated to remove the j
temptation to take a chance by elim
inating the chance, particularly in the
operation of railroads.
They recognize the unquestionable
fact that whenever a citizen of this
great and glorious country starts for
somewhere he insists on getting there
at the earliest possible moment and is
perfectly willing to Lake the chance of
turning his life insurance policy into
current coin by traveling a mile or
more a minute. They maintain, how
ever, that it is unnecessary for him to
have to take chances in order to
travel at maximum speed. They plan
and think and do things on the propo
sition that the man whose hand is on
the throttle lever in the engine cab
must have no chance to take .chances.
So they are continually scheming to
tise electricity, compressed' air, sem
aphores, disks, interlocking machines,
•"puzzle" switches, electric motors,
storage batteries, colored lights and
all kinds of safety appliances to make
It absolutely impossible for his loco
motive to run into anything or any
thing to run into him.
That is why railroads are spending
rtiilliona of dollars on automatic
'block" signals and interlocking
switch and signal systems. The great
improvements which have been made
in such devices in the last few years
indicate that before long it will be
possible for an engine to run wild
without a man aboard and yet be au
tomatically stopped before it enters
kn occupied "block."
One has but to take a night ride on
the locomotive of a •"limited" or fast
mail, train to thoroughly understand
that no man could be the engineer or
fireman of that locomotive who had in
.him the faintest trace of a streak of
yellow. The disconnected conversa
tion you hold with the engineman
while his swaying, rocking and trem
bling locomotive is eating up seventy
Eiiles of opaque night an hour will
convince you that timidity is an ob
solete word to him: that feer is some-
Jhing he forgot to bring when he left
home, and that caution is an official
utterance to be taken in a Pickwick
ian sense if he's behind time.
Automatic signals are controlled by
the trains which they guard. A rail
road which uses automatic signals is
divided into divisions about three-quar
ters of a mile long, and such divisions
are called "blocks"— hence "block sig
nals." The lengths of these blocks are
Influenced bv the curves or other ob
structions to an engineer's view in the
track, so there is no established length
of track in a block.
Electricity is the agent which not
o.nly transmits to the signal the fact
that a train has entered or left the
block, but It also starts the mechanism
•which actuates the signal.
The signal stands at the entrance of a
Hock. A current of electricity continu
ally glows through the rails of the
track. The track of one block is elec
trically separated from the track of the
abutting block. When the rails of the
track are clear— that is, when no car
wheels of any kind are on them — the
electrical current flows through the
rails of one side of the track, to an
electro-magnet in the signal, thence'
through the rails of the other side of
the track to the battery, completing
the circuit. The instant a pair of
¦wheels connected by an axle enters
the block the circuit is changed, for
the current, instead of passing through
the electro-magnet in the signal, crosses
over from one rail to the other through
the wheels and axles. Then several
things happen. '.V:\~-
There is a hissing of escaping com
pressed air heard by one who Is near
the signal post and the drooping sema
phore rises and extends its arm over
the track— an emphatic gesture which
means "this block is occupied — stop in
stantly." *' •*;.¦_ '
The signal mechanism consists of the
electro-magnet, which controls a valve,
a. compressed air cylinder with its pis
ton head arid piston rod, the latter
connected with a lever .which pushes up
the rod that moves the semaphore.
Compressed air is supplied from, the
buried pipe, which brings it ten or
twenty miles from the air compressor.
"When the block is "clear," that is when I
there is no train, car or locomotive on
it. the semaphore hangs down, pointing
groundward. This tells the engineman
that the track irf clear. The semaphore
is held in the "all clear" position by
the compressed air. When a train en
ters the block and short circuits the
current the armature of the de-ener
gized magnet is moved by a spring
opening a valve which allows the com
pressed air to escai>e from the cylinder.
Instantly the semaphore, by force of
gravity, assumes the horizontal or stop
position. ' . j , -
It will be noticed that to hold the
signal at the "all clear" or "safe" posi
tion it is necessary to shove up the
rod which moves the signal. As soon
as this shoving force is released the
weight of the rod and counter balance,
acting on the short arm. of the sema
phore, causes the blade to rise to the
horizontal or "stop" position. Thus
any failure of the current, any leak
la the plp«, any breaking of the actu-
the irresistible tendency of the mind
to construct a rhythm, and the "tick"
was supposed to seem different from
the "tock." simply because it came on
the down beat. But Dr. Kosenbach of
Berlin, after vainly consulting the
clockmakers, set himself the problem
to solve, and found that the action of
the mechanism Is snich that the cogs
of the escapement wheel do not strike
the arms of the "anchor" in precisely
the same way. "Tick" comes at the
right, with the cog rising: "tock" at
the left with the cog descending. The
result Is that "tick" is more sharply
accentuated (louder?) and of shorter
duration, while "tock" is higher in
pitch. With this differentiation the
source of the universally felt double
rhythm is apparent. Yet it is none the
less true that by an effort of the will
the rhythm can be reversed, and the
accent put on either beat at will, and
with a Htle practice most people can
hear the ticking of a triple rhythm. —
Springfield Republican.
THE Democratic House leader is Mr. John Sharp
• 'Williams, a very able man. Because he has ability
and can think, he is seeking to find an issue be
tween the two parties upon which a campaign can be
made. He makes an authoritative statement in one
of the February magazines, which we hope will be
widely read, for it discloses an interesting, perhaps a
perilous, condition in American politics. He is cyi-
J dently of the opinion that letting the water out of the
j trust stocks has taken the wind out of the trust issue.
His conclusion is that there is ground for an. issue in
j the tariff, but that free trade is a chimera. " Therefore,
! we must have a tariff for revenue only. -It is popular
i in the South to advocate taking the excise taxes' off
I whisky and tobacco. Indeed, Mr. Blaine and Mr. Ran
dall a-greed on that policy, and the South had many a
pang when it opposed. Blaine, for he had nearly captured
I that section by a policy that would transfer taxes from
excise to imposts. , ,.
This would have put all the production of revenue
upon the tariff. The South has long had that policy up
its sleeve, and every Democratic leader from the South
who makes tariff for revenue only an issue" keeps an
eye upon the possibility of satisfying the business in-
I terests of his section by so reforming the tariff as to
make it even more protective than now". So \\t have
Mr. Williams saying: "The tariff reformer ' who would
< do things recklessly or too suddenly : would run the
j'risk of destroying the very- end which' he had in con
templation by furnishing an object lesson which would
not help but hurt him."
Still he advises thei party to seek power on the issue of
tariff reform. Now if such reform is to furnish an object
lesson that will hurt those who do the reforming, is the
object sought a public benefit? The implication is that
j the object lesson will injure the people, who alone can
j hurt a party by voting it out of power. It is true that
I he qualifies by naming reckless or sudden action as
dangerous, but since the same object is sought, whether
j the action be prompt or deliberate, the time schedule
does not affect the result. If the. protective feature of
the tariff is wrong, in morals and .politics, as 1 Mr. Bryan
insists, it should be destroyed without delay, and the
only object lesson would be beneficial to the destroyers.
Mr. Williams is plainly under restraint from the pro
tection sentiment of the South. ' In explanation of his
position he continues: "I have always thought that there
ought to be about every tariff a degree of flexibility, a
maximum and' minimum — a margin within which, by
international trading and bartering, the friends of un
trammeled, or comparatively untrammeled, commerce
could be rewarded for the admission of our^farm and
mining products free,, or nearly free, encouraged in
their course and others encouraged to imitate it; and
whereby also, incident to the rewarding of these, peoples
pursuing an inimical course toward our commerce could
be punished. They could not complain, because they
would not be punished directly, indeed punishment would
not be the end in view. They would be punished by
their' own act, and their punishment would be remitted
by their own act."
While his statement is turgid, one gathers from it
that he wants a tariff for revenue only, so framed as to
rise and fall automatically with the imposts of the coun
tries with which we trade. It is a Democratic substitute
for the McKinley plan of reciprocity. But reciprocity
leaves either protection or revenue in our own control.
The Williams plan would lose, us -the control of either.
In the administration of his pjan the Secretary of the
Treasury would have to order customs office'rs to reduce
the duty on products from any country in proportion to
its reduction. on ours. It is thinkable that under such a
plan Congress might adjourn and go home leaving an
automatic tariff in force to provide revenue, when the
nations with which we trade, desiring to get at our,
market, would let us into theirs free or so nearly
free that our self-acting tariff would not yield enough
revenue to pay the cost of an extra session to take its
automatic flexibility out of it.
Candidly, we put it to the country, is there enough
in this idea of a tariff to make an issue and warrant
a thoughtful citizen in voting for the party that proposes
it?- Beyond this Mr. Williams has no policy upon which
to invite votes except that a Democratic interstate com
merce bill would give th* Interstate Commerce Com
mission the right to fix all railroad rates. That right
can be given, but it can never be exercised, as no com
mission could ever be appointed capable of such a stu
pendous task. A close reading of Mr. Williams leaves
the impression that; after all, his main reason for mak
ing a campaign at all is that his party is "out" and wants
to get "in." In such a reason the people have no inter
est "\vhatevcr.
Fire Protection.
"These are sociable times back of
the scenes when the performance is
on," remarked Stage Manager Ferris
Hartman of the Tivoli. "The ladles of
the chorus never received such gallant
attentions during their working hours"
as has been thrust upon them nightly
since the Chicago holocaust occurred."
"That speaks well for the courtesy
of their masculine' coworkers," was
suggested.
"Oh, there has been no notable en
hancement of their Chesterfleldian
lam," said Mr. Hartman. "They have
no time for lah-de-dahing while the
show Is in operation. It's the visit
ors — our unbidden guests — I allude to.
There was a time when no male crea
ture could pass the stage doorkeeper
unless he belonged to the house, but
now It's different. Any man who can
flash a badge may enter with im
punity, stay as long as he pleases and
do pretty much as he desires. It Is
really affecting to see the deep solici
tude for the safety of theater perform
ers and audiences manifested by al
most every branch of the municipality.
Every inch of the Tivoli stage has
been inspected time and time again by
members of the Board of Supervisors,
members of the Board of Public
Works, members of the Fire Commis
sion and members of every other old
organization that has anything to do
with the city government, and time
and time again the stage has been pro
nounced as well protected from flre
as it possibly could be. But still they
come to obtain new information from
the chorus ladies. They don't seek
knowledge from me, probably because
I'm rude."
"Have you had any trouble with
them?"
"Once. A gentleman with a large
and luminous cigar stuck in his face
flashed his badge, entered and began
to interview a lady of the chorus,
when I mildly reminded him that
smoking was not allowed on the
stage. 'Do you know who I am?' he
angrily demanded, and flashed the
badge. "Without waiting to inspect the
nickel-plated shield and not knowing
whether he was Mayor Schmltz's seal
bearer or the driver of a scavenger
wagon, I plucked the burning brand
from his mouth, chucked it into a flre
bucket and replied. 'No; but I know
who I am.' • He didn't strike me, but
I don't know what might have hap
pened if there had been no ladies
present."
IS THERE AN ISSUE?
atlng mechanism of. the signal allows
the force of gravity t~ come into play,
brings the signal to '.'danger" and holds
every train standing until some one
discovers the break and repairs it. "
The system Just sketched out is the
electro-pneumatic system, and the sig
nal is the semaphore. On a number of
roads, however, the dlskjis the favorite
for automatic signals. It is worked
entirely by the power of the electro
magnet, requiring no- compressed air.
The disk is made of silk, whichis tautly
stretched on a ring. The ring is bal
anced on a pivot and all are contained
in a strong case mounted on a post.
The case has glass slde.«. When the
block is clear the electro-magnet lifts
the disk so that it is entirely hidden in
the upper part of the case, and its ab
sence, showing the white interior of
the case, signals "all clear." An en
tering train short circuits the current,
the di.«ks drop and. showing through
the glass, give the "stop" signal.
In another system the signals are
worked by electric motors contained in
boxes at the bottom of the posts. In
wells, near the posts, are storage bat
teries, which supply the current to act
uate the motors, and the storage bat
teries are charged by the dynamo in
the central plant— perhaps miles away.
There are two signals for each block
mo-anted on a single post; the top sig
nal is called the "home" signal, the
bottom is called the "distant" signal.
When the ?igrnals are semaphores the
"distant" signal is fish-tailed; that is,
deeply notched at the outer end. The
electrical connections are such that
when a train enters a block the "home"
signal comes to the horizontal position,
the "distant" signal remains 'pointing
downward. This indicates that the
block is occupied by a train, but that
the next block ahead is clear. When
the train leaves the first block and en
ters the second the "distant" signal of
the first block flies to the "stop" posi
tion, as does the "home" signal of the
second block, and the "home" signal of
the first block falls to safety. This in
dicates that the train has left the first
blc.^k, but is still in the second. When
the train leaves the second block both
signals of the first block show that tfre
track is all clear for two blocks.
price for milk has been raised and if there is not more
rain there will be another advance in the market. Butter
has reached the 'price, of 70 cents per roll wholesale and
80 cents per roll retail. The dealers say the price of but
ter may go up to 80 cents wholesale and 90 cents per roll
at retail.
Reports have been received from the counties about
K6s Angeles. There are about 1500 head of cattle about
Pomona apart from those on the Chino ranch. Hard
ship will probably be experienced. by eight to ten thoiw
sand sheep witfiin a radius of fifteen miles of Pomona.
In other districts there are several thousand head of
cattle and feed is scarce in all directions and may be
come scarcer. , •¦
At Downey the conditions are better than at some
other points, there being in the neighborhood fifteeen
miles of ditches from which. water may be taken for irri
gating. The water in the San Gabriel Valley has been
running lower than usuaj at this time of the year. Of
all the localities near to Los Angeles Compton is re
ported to be the best prepared. There barley* is being
cut for hay. On the cattle and, sheep ranges a large loss
is probable. The cattle are crowding\back to the farthest
canyons and h'igher. hills. There are' in Ventura County
from ten thousand to twelve thousand cattle on the
ranges and twenty thousand sheep.
THE S AN FRANCISGO GALL
JOHN D. SFRECKELS, Proprietor . . . .V ?'.-.. . Address All Communications to JOHN HcNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Office < *^illlil^ > * ' ••4' Tlllld and Market Streets. S. P.
SATURDAY. . . . . . .".'.... JANUARY .u>. 1O04.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, 'JANUARY 30, 1904.
h.f^t 1 '"^"nation supplied dally to
PreLs CHlnnlnl e V nd DuWic - «« by the
INSTRUCTIVE STUDIES
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMEN
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
8Thin week 25 per cent reduction on
every heater In stock. Ban Francisco Gas
and Electric Company, 415 Post street. •
John Alexander Dowie, the -"re
former," yesterday filed a demurrer to
the suit .for money advanced brought
by Hugh Craig. He (lemurs to the
complaint on the ground that it is un
intelligible and does not show for what
purpose "he had and received the
money from Craig." The amount in
volved is JISOO.
Dowic Demurs to Craig's Suit.
Deserter Remanded.
Peter Hoffmann, a deserter from the
British ship Cissic, was remanded to
the custody of the master yesterday
by United States Court Commissioner
Heacocfc -
After a careful consideration of the
records the court declares, as main
tained by, the authorities of Madera,
that the boundary line between the
two counties runs north instead of
south of Mount Lyell.
Mariposa was made a county by the
act of 1850. It included at that time
what are now Hadera, Tulare. Kern,
Merced and Fresno counties. Madera
County was carved out of Fresno Coun
ty in 1833. The court had therefore to
decide what was the mutual boundary
line of Fresno and Mariposa counties
prior to 1833.
The controversy between the coun
ties of Mariposa and Madera in rela
tion to the position of their mutual
boundary line was decided in favor of
the last named yesterday by the Su
preme Court. The strip in dispute was
about thirty miles long by six miles
wide. \ -^
Supreme Court Decides Important
Dispute Over Mutual Boundary
Line in Favor of JIadera.
COUNTY OF MARIPOSA
LOSES LEGAL BATTLE
Attention, the board says, must be
given to such, physical exercises for
the pupils as may be conducive to
health and vigor of body, as well as
mind, and to the ventilation and tem
perature of schoolrooms.
In a circular issued yesterday by the
Board of Education principals are re
quested to direct teachers to set aside
the last school hour of Friday, Febru
ary 12, this day being the ninety-fifth
anniversary" of the birth of Abraham
Lincoln, so that patriotic exercises
may be held in the different class
rooms commemorative of the life and
achievements of the martyred Presi
denL
Principals are also requested to or
der fire drills as frequently as possible,
and the' stringent enforcement of the
rule relating to fire drills is demand
ed. ' The Board of Education intends
visiting all the schools, in the depart
ment and without previous announce
ment to have the alarm sounded, and
personally observe the proficiency of
the children in executing the fire drill.
The week commencing Monday,
March 28, has been fixed as the spring
vacation, and the summer vacation
will commence June 13 and end July 25.
Principals, in introducing substitutes
to classes, are requested to refrain
from giving advice to the substitutes
in the hearing of pupils, and more par
ticularly principals are cautioned
against criticizing the methods a sub
stitute might employ in imparting in
struction In the hearing of the pupils.
Patriotic Exercises Will Be Held on
February 12 in Honor of Mar
tyred President.
SCHOOLS WILL OBSERVE
j BIRTHDAY OF MXCOLN'
Stenographer Ward Rewarded.
Herbert F. Ward, stenographer and
typewriter for the local Board df
Civil Service Examiners at $1200 per
annum, has been advanced on the pay
roll to $1400 per annum.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 20.— The petition of local
restaurant men for a preliminary injunction
to* restrain the Cooks and "Waiters' Alliance,
the Federated Trades and numerous individuals
from maintaining a boycott on petitioners*
place of business was argued before Judge.
Rhodes to-day and ordered submitted on briefs.
WASHINGTON*. Jan. 23.— Some addi
tional details have been made to the
e^eral Ftaff «<f the army, as follows:
¦Cotbneta Arthur L. Wagner, assistant
*?djutar.t general, and Stephen P. Joce
lyr>. Fourteenth Infantry;
Colonel* .Henry A. Green. First Infan
try, and John G. Knight, Corps of Engi
• r<^r=: Majors William E. Birkheamer,
* t Artillery Corps, William G. Gibson,
• crdnar.ee department, and George F.
• E. Harrison. Artillery Corps; Captain
Grote Hutchinson, Sixth Cavalry.
Town Talk's latest household number con
tains. In addition to the usual attractive fea
tures T.'hich have made that breezy weekly the
most popular of Pacific Coast magazines, eev
*ral special articles of Absorbing interest. One of
them is entitled "A Plea for Hell." \ It is an
amusing and satirical exposition of the illogical
views of latter day theologians and should in
terest clergymen as well as the general reader.
The Saunterer's department is full of the latest
news in club, political and smart set >circles.
The Saunterer tells of the troubles of our new
City Attorney and of the object of Gavin Mc-
Kab's trip to New York. Ethel Haper's latest
mot is the subject of an amusing paragraph.
A story is told explanatory pf the change of
programme at Mrs. Casserly's musical tea.
There is an interesting paragraph about the
Cafe Cbantact and pen pictures of Mrs. Peter
Martin and of the home of the Tom Watsons
in Surrey. In the goeeip of the stage the
¦whole «tory is told of the assault by Amelia
Blngham's husband on Acton Davies. •
A new action was commenced by
former Public Administrator John
Farnham yesterday to prevent Public
Administrator M. J. Hynes" dispos
sessing him of his office. It is/ in
the nature of a suit for an injunction,
brought on the ground that Hynes is
not entitled to the office, to which he
was elected at the last election, because
he- had not properly qualified. "The suit
was partly heard by Judge Sloss, to
whose court it was assigned, and con
tinued till next Wednesday, when
Hynes- will present his case.
Farnhnm Files New Suit.
Reefpts of Year Show Surplus of
SlhS.OOO and Net Profit since In
ception of $5,G00.000.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 29.-The report
of the Commissioner of Patents for the
calendar year 1&0S shows that the pat
ent business transacted exceeds all pre
yiooi records. The total cash receipt?
of the office were $1.€16,69§, leaving a
surplus of JlSS.OOO. There were 50,213
patents applied for and 31,€99 issued.
The report predicts the same increase
ffcr the present year, and says the pat
cr.t office since its inception in 1SC9
lias furnished a net balance of $5,652,540
to the Government.
BrSIXKSS IX PATENTS
% IS RECORD BREAKING
The opinion of the City Attorney
will be anxiously awaited, as it will
affect a large number of teachers that
was assigned to classes and continued
to teach after having served two
years without any further formal ac
tion by the board. A case in point is
that of Mrs. Reeves, who, Director
Roncovieri claims, was never elected
a regular teacher in the department,
but was only assigned to a class after
appointment as a high school substi
tute to be paid only for actual ser
vices. Mrs. Reeves now produces a
letter, dated February 11, 1897, in
forming her that she was elected a
regular teacher.
Mrs. Reeves called on Roncovieri
yesterday to answer the charge of
Mrs. T. J. Stanton that she owed her
5102 for a board bill. Mrs. Reeves
produced a receipt signed "Mrs. Stan
ton, per Abbott," showing that she
paid Abbott $102 for board and
lodging on September 18, 1902. Ab
bott was Mrs. Stanton's agent at the
time, while she was East, and the re
ceipt clears Mrs. Reeves of any at
tempt to evade payment of the bill.
AFFECTS MA.VY TEACHERS.
Now the board will meet the two
factions on the scene 6*f operations at
45 Joost avenue, Sunnyside, in an. en
deavor to pacify all parties concern
ed, so that the object of giving better
school facilities to the Sunnyside pu
pils will be attained without further
opposition.
The Board of Education has re
quested City Attorney Long for an
opinion as to whether the mere as
signment of a teacher to a . class is
equivalent to her election to the de
partment. When a teacher is assigned
it is made subject to a probationary
period of two years. The board be
lieves that a formal resolution elect
ing the teachers must be adopted af
ter the probationary period has been
served. Some teachers, however, con
tend that the fact that a teacher has
served two years* probationary- term
without charges having been filed
against her is sufficient to make her a
regular teacher in the School Depart
ment.
When the other faction in the dis
trict learned that work had been
stopped it visited the board and pour
ed out the vials of its wrath jigilinst
those that had opposed the new
school building and thereupon the
board, somewhat disgusted, ordered
the work of transforming: the hall into
a schoolhouse resumed. - -
The work was then reluctantly
stopped by the Board of Education,
although the new classrooms would
have been a substantial Improvement
over those now used for the purpose.
The new rooms are light and airy and
are 22x36 feet," whereas the rooms
now used are only 12x25 feet in area,
OTHER FACTION* OPPOSED.
The residents of the Siinnyside dls
trfct are anxious to secure better j
pchool aceommodnlions for their ;
children from the Board of Education. !
but they are divided as to the proper
location for a schoolhouse.
As a. result of a visit of inspection'
made by School Director Boyle the
board decided to -rent a hall on Joost >
avenue, a short distance away from j
the present schoolhouse on the same I
street. The owner of the hall agreed;
to expend about $300 in .building \
three rooms in the hall, together with
all the appurtenances required in
every well regulated schoolhouse.
In return for Iheowner's agreement
the board promised. to take a lease on
the premises for at least two j'ears at
$25 a month. \v"ork was commenced
on the building, but the opposing: fac
tion of the residents ..filed a strong
protest against having the school
house on the. location named, on the
ground that It was too far away from
their homes and should be more cen
trally located.
Judge Sloes — A.'S. Baldwin. 2231 Washing
ton; Philip B. Bekeart, 70S Broderick: R. I.
Bentley, 2505 Green; D. L. BUss. 2898 Broad
way: J. Dalzell Brown. 1812 Gouth; Charles
Bundschu, 245 Chestnut; 'Maurice Casey.
Crocker buildlne: Arthur H. Castle. 2402
Steiner: Andrew M. Davis. 1722 Pine; Milton
£i- Esberg, ?332 Washington; John Landers.
2522 Octavia; I. Zellerbach. 1730 Fell.
Judge Coffey — Abraham Aronson. 1720 Sacra
mento; Henry M. Black. 121 Broderick; Edward
¦Convey. 1167 Green; Frederick W.- Dohrmann.
1J>15 California; Francis Foley, 1245 Hayes;
Herman G. Eggere. 045 Steiner: M. A. Leving
ston, 819 Octavia: John Mulhern. 905 Market:
Myer Ehrman, 261S Jackscn; William Watson,
2336 Mission; 'Andrew B. McCreery, 211 San
some; Matthew J. O'Neill. 112S Vallejo.
Judge Troutt — John Tonningsen. 1C26 How
ard: James H. Dooiittle, Hotel St. Nicholas;
K. H. Lake, 221 Battery; George W. Caswell,
412 Sacramento; Philip Fabian. 1522 Broad
way: Goor*» E. Dow. 179 First; Albert W. Bur
gren. .123 Belvedere; George D. Clark. 17 Spear;
Isidore W. Cahen, 418 Sacramento; James E.
Gordon. Crossley building; Eugene N. Frits,
101 Frederick: G. L. Page, 720 Turk.
Judge Lawlor— William R, K. Young, 696
Steiner; Charles Carpy, 2632 California; Thomas
Jennings, 2273 Fifteenth; Charles B. Delaney.
716 Golden Gate avenue; Henry C. Bennet, 1C0
Belvedere; Edward J. Bowes, 2033 Jackson;
Antonio Cnichlzola. 851 Union: John Breuner.
Palace Hotel; Edward J. Campion. 1621 Grove;
Walter Mead. 1S2S Vallejo: Denis C. Dinan.
671 Pine; George Purlenky. 814 Fell.
Judge Cook— A. P. Williams, Palace Hotel;
Jacob Lev! Jr., 36 Market: Henry J. Crocker,
1SS Crocker building; John F. Merrill, 221 Mar
ket: Wakefleld Baker, 2701 Pacific avenue;
William P. Ttedington. 2.V19 Scott: Winls E.
Davis, 2501 Scott; Peter Wheelan, 207 Larkln;
Richard Finking, 341 Kearny: George A. New.
hall, 309 Sans»ome: Horace Davis, 100 Broad
way; Maurice Blocks 120 Pine.
• Judge Kerrigan — Thomas P. Andrews, ICO
Montgomery; P. J. Ko*ter. 327 Market: A. W.
Wilson, 243O Broadway; F. J. Donnelly. 1301
Pacific; H. E. Holmes. 740 Fo'.som; James C.
Nealon. !«iS'Halsht; Robert W. Dennis. 1640
Market; P. f. Ferpuson. 605 Montgomery:
William Broderick, 1225 Guerrere; W. F. Han
rahan. 47Portola; Theodore F. Bonnet, &14
Van Ness; John II. Speck. 667 Market.
Judge Hebbard— Henry M. Wreden, S27 Fin
more: Fred A. Healy. 3&5 California: Charles
G. Clinch. 8 FYont; M. Rothenberg. 423 Kear
ny; John P. Culley. 1910 Golden Gate avenue;
D. H. Lohsen, 1812 Sc«tt; Thomas H. Mor
ton, C8(> Geary; .a. c. Campbell. 524 Second;
Alfred Lilienfleld, 70S Market; George A.
Hare. 1510 Franklin; Matthew O'Brien, 1SC0
UrAlUater: George I., Ducker, H9S Hatght.
Judge Hunt — Walter B. Bundsohu. 245
Chestnut: William V. Bryan, northeast corner
Pine anl Buchanan: Tobias Brilliant. 16G8
Washington; Frank Maskey, 1073 Bush;
Charles Sonntatr, J>23 Jones ; Harvey C. Somer*.
1111 Pin#; William J. Bryan. 2002 Buchanan;
William F. Mau. 1S27 Sutter; James Denman,
2T5S0 SteJner; Asa R. Wells, 800 Sutter: Clar
ence Barrtow Sloane, 2707 Larkin; J.- TBomp
son. 13 Eddy.
Judge Dunne^-J. X. Odell, 2340 Pine; Her
man J. Cordes. 21&C Fifteenth; Moses Stern.
1431 Larkin: P. H. Reardon. 413 Fillmore;
Ouido E. Caglieri, 1068 Filbert; John Devery.
1525 Baker; Henry Hchroeder. 935 Dolores;
Otto Juhgblut, 623 Fillmore; John Porcher.
ilj Gold»n Gpte avenue: Colin M. Boyd. 411
California: Louis W. luen, 407 Cole: J. B.
Keenan, 1210 Clay.
- Judge Graham — R. W. "Webster, 2003 Fill
more; Frank Marinl, 1709 Mason; A. J. CoCey,
11S2 Valencia; James Kltterman, 131S Stock
ton; James V. L-:very, Chestnut and Sansorae;
Marcus J.ewK 704 Golden Gate avenue;. John
T. Snlllvan. 20 Fourth; James B. Smith.. 1540
Pare; M. Levy. 793 Mission: Samuel Pauson.
200 Kearny; Joserh P. Kelleher. 1310 Market;
Charles Bush. SOU Eddy.
The Judges of the Superior Court met
yesterday; and submitted the names of
the men from among whom the Grand
Juries for the ensuing year will be se
lectedi Following is the list:
Judge Seawell— George II. Lent.y2229 Wash
ington: P. Windeler, 2015 Folsum: J. W. Lowe,
320 Kcarny; F. G. Sanborn, 612 California;
Edward P. . Wolf, C2S Market; I~ M. Kaiser,
,7 'Ivearny; Alfred * Wartemveller, STU2 Wash
ington; Isaac Grant, 3S Third; Eugene J.
IJates, 3103 Washington; J. P. Fraser. 41S',j
Pout; A. G. Hagfdorn. IOCS Fillmore; A.
OrUenberg, 717 Fillmore. ,
Judjre Murasky— J. ~\V. Carmany. California
T. and T. Co.; W. J. O'Brien, 525 Ashbury:
F. H. Kllduff. 2915 Lafruna; F. A. Kuhls. 710
Fell; T. ¦ J.- ¦ Stanton. 100 New Montgomery;
Joseph .V Stulz, ¦ 1931 Fillmore; John H.
Hendy. H54 Page; W. G. Stafford, 112 Brod
erick; Charles P. Baughman. a Belvedere;
Charles \V. Welch. 14Ut Turk; Charles A.
JIcLane, 170<> Fell; P. . F. McCarthy, 145D
Lcavenworth. •
"Our association will protest strong
ly," said Mr. Stulz. "We have affiliat
ing members in "eighty-nine cities and
towns in California. They will all pro
test. We shall probably send a letter
to the Merchants* Association urging
opposition to a measure that would
take from this coast millions of dol
lars that would go to Eastern depart
ment or catalogue houses that do not
pay rents or taxes in California."
Mr. Stulz said that he was surprised
that the Merchants' Association of this
city had paid so much attention to the
parcels post measure through the
agency of the publication issued
monthly by the associ«Uiyr;. Mr. Stulz
also argued that there was no fairness
In applying the experience of the Brit
ish Government with the parcels post
to show what might take place in the
United States?, as the conditions differ
largely. Great Britain's population is
more dense than is the population of
the United States. The distances in the
United States over which packages
would be carried would be much
greater than those over which parcels
travel in Great Britain.
COMPARISON'S ARE UXFAIR.
'"President Roosevelt in one of his
speeches is reported to have said that
in their contests with the trusts all the
people had a right to expect was that
tho cards would not be stacked. If the
Government carries the freight for the
Eastern department stores at a yearly
loss the cards are stacked against us.
The parcels post bill, as we view it.
is a combination of the big Eastern
newspapers and the Eastern depart
ment stores to put the 300.000 retail
merchants of the country at a disad
vantage. If was introduced In the
House of Representatives by W. R.
Hearst."
"We believe the movement," he said,
"to be the work of two large New
York catalogue houses, each of which
pets out a million catalogues a year.
These catalogues weigh, on the aver
age, four pounds each. The terms of
the bill would enable these two cata
logue houses in the East to save in
postage about 20 cents on each copy of
a catalogue. That means that they
would save more than $500,000 a year.
They are the people who would profit
by the parcels post law.
"To have their wares delivered at
places in the United States distant
from the point of departure, the East
ern department stores propose to pay
just a little more than it would cost
a local merchant to send his goods
from his store to a residence in his
home city. Associations of merchants
all over the country are protesting
against the unjustness of the bill in
this regard. We realize that we must
face the competition of a great com
bination of capital. This we could do
under some circumstances, but we can
not get out millions of catalogues.
When the United States Government
pays the freight for the Eastern de
partment store- we will be unable to
compete further.
SUSPECTS RIVALS.
Not long ago a -branch of the Postal
Progress League was organized in this
city. Arguments were addressed to
tho^e In attendance. The retail grocers
take a different view of the proposition.
Joseph A. Stulz, the president of the
California State Grocers' Association
and also vice president of the National
Retail Grocers' Association of the Unit
ed States, last evening defined the at
titude of the local retail grocers.
The state Grocers* Association of Cal
ifornia has, through the action, of its
board of directors, placed itself in op
jK»«Jtion 'to the parcels post bill. Some
days ago- the loca! association of. re
tail grocers adopted resolutions against
the bill. Last evening a set of ¦ con
demnatory resolutions was adopted by
the State Grocers' Association. Forms
of circular letters that will be sent out
to all associations of retailers 'in th«
State have also been adopted. There are
several organizations that are not af
filiated with the grocers. They have
a large membership, among them being
bodies of hardware men and druggists.
To each of these it has been decided
to send a request to join in action with
the retail grocers and to send letters
to representatives in Congress and Sen
ators from this State to urge opposition
to the bill in question.
As the vessel intended ' to sail on
Monday morning Cognet said he woifld
like the Judge to make an order that
the vessel be not allowed to leave the
port, for he desired the captain and
some of the sailors as witnesses for
the defense. » ' *
The Judge said that the witnesses
who had been subpenaed were under
the jurisdiction of the court and he
would make an order that they- be in
court at the next calling of the case.
If the vessel sailc' and they did not
appear in court they would be guilty
of contempt and he would see that
they were brought back and punished.
Cognet expressed himself as satisfied.
District Attorney Byington asked
for a continuance till Monday morn
ing. It was granted and all witnesses
were ordered to be in court at that
time.
for trial in Judge ; ,Cook's court yes
terday morning Attorney, Cognet asked
for a contiunan^e because his asso
ciate counsel, Colonel Eddy, was un
able to be present." lie. then renewed
his contention that the court has no
jurisdiction.'.;./^ . \
The Judge paid there had not been
a sufficient showing for a continuance
and ordered the Jury to b» impaneled.
Cognet rose from. his seat to leave, but
the Judge ordered him to ' remain.
Cognet refused to ask' the jurors any
questions and said he would refuse
to cross-examine the witnesses. The
Judge replied that . he would look
after the interests of the defendant
and after'the jury had been impaneled
lie cross-examined the" witnesses, all
sailors.
When the case of AMnoent Le Cor
vee, charged with. the murder of Vin
cent I,e Meur on. tlie French bark Ver
cingetorix at the Vallejo-street wharf
on the nigrht of January. 12, was called
Chained With Fatally Stab
bing: 3Iessinate and Question
of Jurisdiction Is Raised
President <StuIz Gives His Rea
sons for Attitude Taken by
3Ieu in the Retail -Bdsinbss
Asks City Attorney If Mere
Assignment of a Teacher
Elects Her to Department
Bnsincss Men and Capitalists,
Physicians and Tradesmen
Are Choice of the Bench
\\a*l«in«:ton Dopartments Issue Navy
Orde»^ a iid Apjwitit Po«t masters
? in Western States.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 29.— Postofflce
Vsta^j'.ished: Washington — Belleville,
. Skateit County. Wiliiam Cleary, Post
ajaetef. Pcstn^a^t^rp commissioned:
California— Frank J. Hellen. Tucson.
, C?re&ou — Cf-ors:e T. Smith. Chetwood.
Daniel B. Troutman. Tallman. Fourth
c-;«iss Postmasters appointed: Califor-1
nli— David L. Stuart. Santee, San Diego
County, vice Nellie B. Bishop, resigned.
* Navy orders: Passed Assistant Pay- ¦
master R. Pp^ar from Naval Training !
t-taticn. Par. Francisco, to the Tacoma. j
OF INTEREST TO PKOI»I.E
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
'. Third Week of the Trial for
. : Alleged Frauds iu tlio
federal Service Is Closed
WASHINGTON, jani 29.— The third
v'-v!: of the postal trial dosed to-day j
c .-Mil the Indications now .an? that th° J
(-nme Kill £-*•• t<> ttae jury about the end .
. of ncpct \\.-ek. August W. Marhen. th" j
? fi>rm*»r general superintendent of th* 1 •
free' delivery sy5tem. probably [trill !
, ttilie the.stanil Tuesday and the pr*»s- •
ent Intention is for the -other d<*fe.r.d- I
' ams. r>r. and Mrs. George E. T>orenz ]
and D. B. and S. A. GrofT also to tes
*:fy. though' the i»lnn may not be car
r>-J ox::.
"Tlse defense to-day sought to show |
I Ijv ill*3 Ilia S. Liebharut. for some j
years < h5ef c!»rk of th*» free delivery j
system, and by other witnesses that j
Ihe oMts for th* Grcff fasteners were !
F"rt out in the ordinary official routine J
• • /;nd that it was impossible for a chief j
'• ¦ i>l* a bureau, with a multiplicity of de
' : taJIs such as attached to the rapidly
rural fre» delivery service, to I
p^jf« personal attention to all the mail |
.T.d o;her official matter?.
WOMAN GIVES TESTIMONY
BOARD IN A QUANDARY
CITY ASSOCIATION ACTS
EACH NAMES TWELVE MEN
FRENCH SAILOR OX TRIAL
Former PostoffiVc Official Is
«<> Be Called, as' .a Witness
. Within the Next Few Days
Residents of Sunnyside Want
Better Accommodations for
Pupils, but -Divide on Site
Superior Judges Submit Lists
of Prominent Citizens to Serve
on New Inquisitorial Board
Carroll Cook on Refusal of
Counsel to Proceed in Case
Cross - Examines Witnesses
Stale Body Adopts Resolutions
in Opposition to Measure
That Is Pending in Confess
GROCERS FIGHT
PARCELS POST
FACTIONS WAR
OVER A SCHOOL
CO UR T SELECTS
GRAND JURORS
ACTS AS JUDGE
AND ATTORNEY
MACHEN'S TURN
SOON TO COME
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SATURDAY. JAXUARV 30. Iflbi.
Army <;oi»crsl Staff Increased.
9
• AMUSE3IEXT5.
MATINEE TO-DAY— Last Night
\A/. H. TURINER
In Julius Cahn's Succesiral ProOuctlcn
DAVID JiARUM.
nSSff™ TO-MORROW MATINEE
Joseph Arthur's Greatest Melodramatic Sncce*«
LOST RIVER
. > XTSTXAI. POPUIAE PaiCES.
I*EB. 8 — WEBSS ft 7XEXJ3S.
Seat Sale Opens Wednesday.
TIVA1 I OPERA
I IV UL1 HOUSE.
MATINEE TO-PAT AT 2:13.
When Johnny
Gomes Marching Home,
A Military Spectacular Coraie Opera by Stx»>
islaus Stangre anl Julian Eiiwards.
Martial Music! Picturesque Scenery! Northern
Soldiers and Southern Sweethearts!
Xn Preparation — "THE OYPSY BABO5."
Usual Popular Prices 25c, SOc and T5e
Box Seats fl.OO
Montague's Cockatoo Circus
And a Great Show Every Afternoon and
Erenlna; In the Heated Theater.
AMERICAN. CHINESE AND PHIIJPPtNB
BABIES IN THE INFANT INCUBATORS.
H/\1NNIBAL
The Untamable African Lion, in the Zoot
Admission, 10c; Children. 5c.
When Phoning. Ask for "The Chutea."
HISCKLTaAirEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
LYRIC HALL.
CONCERT TO-DAY MATINEE AND THIS
EVENING.
RIVELA ROYAL ITALIAN BAND
Marches, overtures and I'lecticns from l. s .e
most popular Italian and German operas.
Svats SOc and 75c. at Sherman ft Clar's
during the day and in the evening at the box
offlce of the Lyric Halt.
WILLIAM BUTLER YEATS
Poet. Dramatist. Orato-r.
Closing' Lecture in California.
"THE THEATER AND WHAT IT MIGHT
BE."
Alhamtra Theater. This Evening, 8:30 p. xa.
V. : > Prices — 50c and 73c.
Tickets at room ST. Flood building, and at
box-offlce after 7:SO p. m.
EXCURSION TO NAPA.
Recollect that the Weather Is Delightful la
Xapa when tt is Cloudy in San Francisco.
STEAMER ST. HELENA \
Will Leave Washington -ft. Wharf. Pier 3. at
10 a. m.,
SUNDAY. JANUARY 31. Rain or Shine. <
TICKETS— Round Trip 50 Cents.
Dancing on Board Steamer.
Good Music. Refreshments en Board StramT.
Paiarp dont fail to
laiaVW the beautiful
- « COURT Lous^ing
d\t\A roosv the EMPIRE
aUU PARLOR. th«
n J PALM ROOM, tht
linifla LOUIS XV PAR-
D X^I^ DIES* WRITINQ
Hotels J «>y
Every Woman
f^m tatBlttttU< a^ftS 2 io^«
WJSM MARVtL Whtrfiog Spray
5««»^a Tte wwT J«S l^? 7rtlt S^ y^ e f'
(ArnrtnipnKril \\ NSbtiJrr '.'... 1T*^~
If h- cannot ropylT «&• \M^l *¦£'?& J—
MAKVKI>, accept BO T^ T^MsS^T
•ther. but %*aA •tamp (OTja- # *^^/ .
fall oartle«lar» and dlrertfon* la- *\;' /.„ ¦ M
TabutUa to laxOas. M.tBVEL CO..
693 MISSION ST.. S. F-. CaL
William Hatteroth (Ladl*»' r>pt.)..224 Sutter
Union Drug CO..214 Kearny & Van Ness * Mkt.
Ovgood Brcs Tth & 'Broad v^y, OakUnd
Baldwin Pharmacy 113 Ellii
JidGtto&aM MENANOWOMEJI.
tABS^^rrmtLSSBO Cm Big€»foruaa»tor»i
Jjafi, i in 1 4an^Q dl»ch*rf«t,laa*ium»tions.
GBm SunttMl U lrritatioB* or oic«r»U«sj
¦8j sot m twittan. of mac oss menbriat*.
l> <1 rr«%»ti (MUftn. Ptln'.mt, and not Mtrla-
K#lTatEU»CHCTa*lM. r*nt or poirancrat.
\ggA aiauuTi,e.8Sgi ¦•« *y Dracsuu.
wfflk B» a. a. Mr or Mat in pUia wr>pp*r.
jtmBa,, /MfB by •zprm*, »r»p»id. far
•!.(». «r 3 botUei 13.73.
•m -^apggi^Mnty ai circular Met oa nqaot.
tg. JgATENTS^ ' 3
FAINE'S CELEBY C0MP0171ID.
Civil War Veteran's Advice
Saved Philadelphia Man's Life
Again Despair Is Turned Into Victory by the Famous Tjnic
PA IMPS fFIFRY fftMPftllNll
. • , _ - '
"AT.Ti RUN DOWN" — XERVOUS | eran whom I met la a poblic park. Hl»
AXD HAD DYSPEPSIA. Praise of ths iafallibl* remedy was t»
• Rrtat I decided t? give it a triaL
S. J. Bank! n's Case Uke Thousands "I purchased two bottles, and before I
of nthpr <<nfTf.t-i.i-v h 041 tinisheU taking it a change for ths
oi uiiier nuncrers. better in my condition mado its appear-
Philadflnhfi T>n <»<.nt •« iQfti ance. I continu%>a to take the medicine
pound convinced me that I had at last active snd vis<»rous. and after taking
discovered a remedy that proved a per- five bottles of thf great tonic I was en-
manent cure for a run-down system, tirely cured.
nervousness, liver complaints and dys- , To-day I wHgh more than ever before
TM>n<:i n fmm wh ioh t suffoi-oH l ,, 1 ,«i,i •" my lif^. my ntrves have gained their
SvfoV^N suffered untold normal condition and my health In gen-
"Other <jo-cailVd vnrp« xchirh I «npn( eral is Perfect. I give praise to nothln*
seemed only to make my complication all SlJSSSgVSK^Kt remod^ " ~ S - J '
the more severe. For years I suffered "I-.nkkn, -o- .Manton St.
from a general run-down system that f
was gradually drawing me nearer, day KEEPS HIMSELF WELL.
by day. to my last resting place. ;
"I was losing- weight rapidly, could j "Paine's Celery Comround is the only
eat but very little — after which X «nf- j m*»d:eine I have taken for years, and s»
fered inteniely. In less than a year X < lon & as j t benefits me so much I shall
wa* reduced almost to a skeleton \fter never tJlke 3nv oth^r. It always keeps
uSngi feverarTro^lnent "phys^ns all »• 81 ° 4 S "
of whom told me my case was puzzling. bt - x ' ouls Mo - Sept.. 1SO>.
without in the least benefiting my con- »»»»»»»• «»«..«». -^« »«»»»»»
dition. I gave up in despair, believing my J "Cure the real cause of tout !
disease incurable. I had taken any J troutla--vour nerved" *
quantity of medicines advertised, but ! -p^-^ J rh4" m n i r o a f
they were no good. t r^^ot^ t
"Paine's Celery Compound was recom- » erer of Pair»» Celery Compound. '' {
mended to me by an old ClTil 'War vet- ««¦¦¦»»• ?••»«»»»«.».»»,,»
A3IUSEaiENTS : ' I
To- "T~ To-
I Morrow
And all' of next week enly— that will end the
run of •
...THE BEAUTY SHOP...
The one really clever musical comedy.
With the beat of eongs, dances, specialties and
J. C. Crawford's original funny sayings.
Matinees Saturday and, Sunday.
ALL-STAB CAST.
Commencing Monday, February 8.
"BOXiX FOLT"
Once more a great novelty.
Seatf now on sale.
First appearance of NELLIE LYNCH.
CALIFORNIA
Jfl UUBDA7 H1OHT . EjSy
AXD ALL HEXT WEEK.
MR. EDWARD MORGAN I]
IN HALL CAERE'S MASTERPIECE. [
THE y
ETERNAL CITY |
• .SPECIAL PRICES— J1.50, $1.0O. 75c. I
SOc, SSc. II
Matinee prices same as for evening I
performances. CX7RTAIX PROMPTLY H
bULUMDl A mm mm
MATUTEB A T0-HIQHT,
Chinese
Honeymoon
Musical Comady Hit of Immense Proportions
Nothing More Brilliant Ever Seen on the 8tag«
In This Country.
Beg. Mon.— Last Nigrhts, "A Chinese Honey-
moon."
IC^^AT D ll^-AiL^r E fh^Pea^ EDER -
A PRODIGIOUS PROGRAMME!
Johnny and Emma Ray; Cord mi and
Maud; Sawtelle and Dnffy;
Holden and Florence; Last Times
or the Stein-Eretto Family; Stanley
and Wilson; Kelly and Violette, and
Irving Jones, and Orpheum Motion
Pictures.
Regular Matinees Every Wednesday. Thurs-
day, Saturday and Sunday. Prices. 10c 23c
and SOc.
ATPA7AD Belasco A Mayer.
• General Manager.
THE ALCAZAR'S VERY GREATEST AR-
TISTIC ACHIEVEMENT.
TO-NIGHT— MATS. TO-DAY AND SUNDAY.
TU C By Henry
II 1 Arthur Jonea. & g
MASQUERADERU
A TREMENDOUS EMOTIONAL PLAT AND
SUPERBLY ACTED.
Evea., 25c to SOc Mats. Sat. and Sun., 15c to 50c
Next Monday — First San Francisco produc-
tion of the delightful romantic comedy,
A COLONIAL GIRL,
As Originally Played by Virginia Harned and
E. H. Sothern.
CENTRALS;
Market St., near Eighth. Pb e South S33.
TO-NIGHT— LAST TWO NIGHTS.
MATINEES TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW.
Magnificent Spectacular Production -' the
-Greatest of All Historical Dramas.
QUO VADIS
150— PEOPLE IN CAST— 15C
New Scenery! Gorgeous CoctUL.ee!
Brilliant Electrical Effects!
PRICES ' — Evenings, 10c to 50c Matinees
10c. 15c. 25c
HSXT WEEK— "EAST ETOTTB.*
OAKLAND RACE TRACK
* NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
: Commencing January - 4.
Racing Each Week Day. Rain or Shine*
Six or More Races Daily.
Races commence at 3:15 p. m. sharp.
For special trains stopping at th* track Uk*
8. P. Ferry, foot of Market street, at 12.
12:30. 1:00. 1:30 or 2 o'clock.' No atDoklnx to
last two cars, which ax* . rvaarvad tor ladles
and their escorts.
Returning trains leave track at 4:10 and
4 :*5 and Immediately after the last race.
.^THOMAS H.. W1LLIAM3. PresidenL
PERCY- W. TREAT. Secretary. ¦
Weekly Call, 51 per Year
•ADVERTISEMENTS.
jptVl be closed- "feu dog » 1
I % Cive fv'tyvfintj for I
I of Wan o$ _ ifuxidkftiU I
8 of -them,- nikl£\ mil I
po& Sold- Ly%, owf* Hf&i*€~ 1
g CuZ Ivtrttjo * - - ; ..... I
'« AliVEBTISEMEirrS.
Look at the Brand !
WalterBakers
Cocoa and
Chocolate
The FINEST in the World
Costs Less than One Cent a Cup
Forty Highest Awards in Europe
and America
Walter Baker & Co. Ltd,
bourn i78n Dorchester, Mass.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
i&ialoguo and Pries Lists Mallei
on Application.
£" rsSesH jlxd salt kxats.
« Aj. 1)1/ 1L3 U WU. Clay. Tel. Uilg 1291.
OXXiS.
» LUBRICATING OILS 1 : LEONAF.D & ELLIE.
¦ r 41* Froct al.. 6. F. Phone Malp 17U>.
FSUITIBO.
t. V.. QLUnci, en e*naom» «t., s. r.Thin week 25 per cent reduction on
every heater In stock. Ban Francisco Gas
and Electric Company, 415 Post street. •
John Alexander Dowie, the -"re
former," yesterday filed a demurrer to
the suit .for money advanced brought
by Hugh Craig. He (lemurs to the
complaint on the ground that it is un
intelligible and does not show for what
purpose "he had and received the
money from Craig." The amount in
volved is JISOO.
Dowic Demurs to Craig's Suit.
Deserter Remanded.
Peter Hoffmann, a deserter from the
British ship Cissic, was remanded to
the custody of the master yesterday
by United States Court Commissioner
Heacocfc -
After a careful consideration of the
records the court declares, as main
tained by, the authorities of Madera,
that the boundary line between the
two counties runs north instead of
south of Mount Lyell.
Mariposa was made a county by the
act of 1850. It included at that time
what are now Hadera, Tulare. Kern,
Merced and Fresno counties. Madera
County was carved out of Fresno Coun
ty in 1833. The court had therefore to
decide what was the mutual boundary
line of Fresno and Mariposa counties
prior to 1833.
The controversy between the coun
ties of Mariposa and Madera in rela
tion to the position of their mutual
boundary line was decided in favor of
the last named yesterday by the Su
preme Court. The strip in dispute was
about thirty miles long by six miles
wide. \ -^
Supreme Court Decides Important
Dispute Over Mutual Boundary
Line in Favor of JIadera.
COUNTY OF MARIPOSA
LOSES LEGAL BATTLE
Attention, the board says, must be
given to such, physical exercises for
the pupils as may be conducive to
health and vigor of body, as well as
mind, and to the ventilation and tem
perature of schoolrooms.
In a circular issued yesterday by the
Board of Education principals are re
quested to direct teachers to set aside
the last school hour of Friday, Febru
ary 12, this day being the ninety-fifth
anniversary" of the birth of Abraham
Lincoln, so that patriotic exercises
may be held in the different class
rooms commemorative of the life and
achievements of the martyred Presi
denL
Principals are also requested to or
der fire drills as frequently as possible,
and the' stringent enforcement of the
rule relating to fire drills is demand
ed. ' The Board of Education intends
visiting all the schools, in the depart
ment and without previous announce
ment to have the alarm sounded, and
personally observe the proficiency of
the children in executing the fire drill.
The week commencing Monday,
March 28, has been fixed as the spring
vacation, and the summer vacation
will commence June 13 and end July 25.
Principals, in introducing substitutes
to classes, are requested to refrain
from giving advice to the substitutes
in the hearing of pupils, and more par
ticularly principals are cautioned
against criticizing the methods a sub
stitute might employ in imparting in
struction In the hearing of the pupils.
Patriotic Exercises Will Be Held on
February 12 in Honor of Mar
tyred President.
SCHOOLS WILL OBSERVE
j BIRTHDAY OF MXCOLN'
Stenographer Ward Rewarded.
Herbert F. Ward, stenographer and
typewriter for the local Board df
Civil Service Examiners at $1200 per
annum, has been advanced on the pay
roll to $1400 per annum.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 20.— The petition of local
restaurant men for a preliminary injunction
to* restrain the Cooks and "Waiters' Alliance,
the Federated Trades and numerous individuals
from maintaining a boycott on petitioners*
place of business was argued before Judge.
Rhodes to-day and ordered submitted on briefs.
WASHINGTON*. Jan. 23.— Some addi
tional details have been made to the
e^eral Ftaff «<f the army, as follows:
¦Cotbneta Arthur L. Wagner, assistant
*?djutar.t general, and Stephen P. Joce
lyr>. Fourteenth Infantry;
Colonel* .Henry A. Green. First Infan
try, and John G. Knight, Corps of Engi
• r<^r=: Majors William E. Birkheamer,
* t Artillery Corps, William G. Gibson,
• crdnar.ee department, and George F.
• E. Harrison. Artillery Corps; Captain
Grote Hutchinson, Sixth Cavalry.
Town Talk's latest household number con
tains. In addition to the usual attractive fea
tures T.'hich have made that breezy weekly the
most popular of Pacific Coast magazines, eev
*ral special articles of Absorbing interest. One of
them is entitled "A Plea for Hell." \ It is an
amusing and satirical exposition of the illogical
views of latter day theologians and should in
terest clergymen as well as the general reader.
The Saunterer's department is full of the latest
news in club, political and smart set >circles.
The Saunterer tells of the troubles of our new
City Attorney and of the object of Gavin Mc-
Kab's trip to New York. Ethel Haper's latest
mot is the subject of an amusing paragraph.
A story is told explanatory pf the change of
programme at Mrs. Casserly's musical tea.
There is an interesting paragraph about the
Cafe Cbantact and pen pictures of Mrs. Peter
Martin and of the home of the Tom Watsons
in Surrey. In the goeeip of the stage the
¦whole «tory is told of the assault by Amelia
Blngham's husband on Acton Davies. •
A new action was commenced by
former Public Administrator John
Farnham yesterday to prevent Public
Administrator M. J. Hynes" dispos
sessing him of his office. It is/ in
the nature of a suit for an injunction,
brought on the ground that Hynes is
not entitled to the office, to which he
was elected at the last election, because
he- had not properly qualified. "The suit
was partly heard by Judge Sloss, to
whose court it was assigned, and con
tinued till next Wednesday, when
Hynes- will present his case.
Farnhnm Files New Suit.
Reefpts of Year Show Surplus of
SlhS.OOO and Net Profit since In
ception of $5,G00.000.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 29.-The report
of the Commissioner of Patents for the
calendar year 1&0S shows that the pat
ent business transacted exceeds all pre
yiooi records. The total cash receipt?
of the office were $1.€16,69§, leaving a
surplus of JlSS.OOO. There were 50,213
patents applied for and 31,€99 issued.
The report predicts the same increase
ffcr the present year, and says the pat
cr.t office since its inception in 1SC9
lias furnished a net balance of $5,652,540
to the Government.
BrSIXKSS IX PATENTS
% IS RECORD BREAKING
The opinion of the City Attorney
will be anxiously awaited, as it will
affect a large number of teachers that
was assigned to classes and continued
to teach after having served two
years without any further formal ac
tion by the board. A case in point is
that of Mrs. Reeves, who, Director
Roncovieri claims, was never elected
a regular teacher in the department,
but was only assigned to a class after
appointment as a high school substi
tute to be paid only for actual ser
vices. Mrs. Reeves now produces a
letter, dated February 11, 1897, in
forming her that she was elected a
regular teacher.
Mrs. Reeves called on Roncovieri
yesterday to answer the charge of
Mrs. T. J. Stanton that she owed her
5102 for a board bill. Mrs. Reeves
produced a receipt signed "Mrs. Stan
ton, per Abbott," showing that she
paid Abbott $102 for board and
lodging on September 18, 1902. Ab
bott was Mrs. Stanton's agent at the
time, while she was East, and the re
ceipt clears Mrs. Reeves of any at
tempt to evade payment of the bill.
AFFECTS MA.VY TEACHERS.
Now the board will meet the two
factions on the scene 6*f operations at
45 Joost avenue, Sunnyside, in an. en
deavor to pacify all parties concern
ed, so that the object of giving better
school facilities to the Sunnyside pu
pils will be attained without further
opposition.
The Board of Education has re
quested City Attorney Long for an
opinion as to whether the mere as
signment of a teacher to a . class is
equivalent to her election to the de
partment. When a teacher is assigned
it is made subject to a probationary
period of two years. The board be
lieves that a formal resolution elect
ing the teachers must be adopted af
ter the probationary period has been
served. Some teachers, however, con
tend that the fact that a teacher has
served two years* probationary- term
without charges having been filed
against her is sufficient to make her a
regular teacher in the School Depart
ment.
When the other faction in the dis
trict learned that work had been
stopped it visited the board and pour
ed out the vials of its wrath jigilinst
those that had opposed the new
school building and thereupon the
board, somewhat disgusted, ordered
the work of transforming: the hall into
a schoolhouse resumed. - -
The work was then reluctantly
stopped by the Board of Education,
although the new classrooms would
have been a substantial Improvement
over those now used for the purpose.
The new rooms are light and airy and
are 22x36 feet," whereas the rooms
now used are only 12x25 feet in area,
OTHER FACTION* OPPOSED.
The residents of the Siinnyside dls
trfct are anxious to secure better j
pchool aceommodnlions for their ;
children from the Board of Education. !
but they are divided as to the proper
location for a schoolhouse.
As a. result of a visit of inspection'
made by School Director Boyle the
board decided to -rent a hall on Joost >
avenue, a short distance away from j
the present schoolhouse on the same I
street. The owner of the hall agreed;
to expend about $300 in .building \
three rooms in the hall, together with
all the appurtenances required in
every well regulated schoolhouse.
In return for Iheowner's agreement
the board promised. to take a lease on
the premises for at least two j'ears at
$25 a month. \v"ork was commenced
on the building, but the opposing: fac
tion of the residents ..filed a strong
protest against having the school
house on the. location named, on the
ground that It was too far away from
their homes and should be more cen
trally located.
Judge Sloes — A.'S. Baldwin. 2231 Washing
ton; Philip B. Bekeart, 70S Broderick: R. I.
Bentley, 2505 Green; D. L. BUss. 2898 Broad
way: J. Dalzell Brown. 1812 Gouth; Charles
Bundschu, 245 Chestnut; 'Maurice Casey.
Crocker buildlne: Arthur H. Castle. 2402
Steiner: Andrew M. Davis. 1722 Pine; Milton
£i- Esberg, ?332 Washington; John Landers.
2522 Octavia; I. Zellerbach. 1730 Fell.
Judge Coffey — Abraham Aronson. 1720 Sacra
mento; Henry M. Black. 121 Broderick; Edward
¦Convey. 1167 Green; Frederick W.- Dohrmann.
1J>15 California; Francis Foley, 1245 Hayes;
Herman G. Eggere. 045 Steiner: M. A. Leving
ston, 819 Octavia: John Mulhern. 905 Market:
Myer Ehrman, 261S Jackscn; William Watson,
2336 Mission; 'Andrew B. McCreery, 211 San
some; Matthew J. O'Neill. 112S Vallejo.
Judge Troutt — John Tonningsen. 1C26 How
ard: James H. Dooiittle, Hotel St. Nicholas;
K. H. Lake, 221 Battery; George W. Caswell,
412 Sacramento; Philip Fabian. 1522 Broad
way: Goor*» E. Dow. 179 First; Albert W. Bur
gren. .123 Belvedere; George D. Clark. 17 Spear;
Isidore W. Cahen, 418 Sacramento; James E.
Gordon. Crossley building; Eugene N. Frits,
101 Frederick: G. L. Page, 720 Turk.
Judge Lawlor— William R, K. Young, 696
Steiner; Charles Carpy, 2632 California; Thomas
Jennings, 2273 Fifteenth; Charles B. Delaney.
716 Golden Gate avenue; Henry C. Bennet, 1C0
Belvedere; Edward J. Bowes, 2033 Jackson;
Antonio Cnichlzola. 851 Union: John Breuner.
Palace Hotel; Edward J. Campion. 1621 Grove;
Walter Mead. 1S2S Vallejo: Denis C. Dinan.
671 Pine; George Purlenky. 814 Fell.
Judge Cook— A. P. Williams, Palace Hotel;
Jacob Lev! Jr., 36 Market: Henry J. Crocker,
1SS Crocker building; John F. Merrill, 221 Mar
ket: Wakefleld Baker, 2701 Pacific avenue;
William P. Ttedington. 2.V19 Scott: Winls E.
Davis, 2501 Scott; Peter Wheelan, 207 Larkln;
Richard Finking, 341 Kearny: George A. New.
hall, 309 Sans»ome: Horace Davis, 100 Broad
way; Maurice Blocks 120 Pine.
• Judge Kerrigan — Thomas P. Andrews, ICO
Montgomery; P. J. Ko*ter. 327 Market: A. W.
Wilson, 243O Broadway; F. J. Donnelly. 1301
Pacific; H. E. Holmes. 740 Fo'.som; James C.
Nealon. !«iS'Halsht; Robert W. Dennis. 1640
Market; P. f. Ferpuson. 605 Montgomery:
William Broderick, 1225 Guerrere; W. F. Han
rahan. 47Portola; Theodore F. Bonnet, &14
Van Ness; John II. Speck. 667 Market.
Judge Hebbard— Henry M. Wreden, S27 Fin
more: Fred A. Healy. 3&5 California: Charles
G. Clinch. 8 FYont; M. Rothenberg. 423 Kear
ny; John P. Culley. 1910 Golden Gate avenue;
D. H. Lohsen, 1812 Sc«tt; Thomas H. Mor
ton, C8(> Geary; .a. c. Campbell. 524 Second;
Alfred Lilienfleld, 70S Market; George A.
Hare. 1510 Franklin; Matthew O'Brien, 1SC0
UrAlUater: George I., Ducker, H9S Hatght.
Judge Hunt — Walter B. Bundsohu. 245
Chestnut: William V. Bryan, northeast corner
Pine anl Buchanan: Tobias Brilliant. 16G8
Washington; Frank Maskey, 1073 Bush;
Charles Sonntatr, J>23 Jones ; Harvey C. Somer*.
1111 Pin#; William J. Bryan. 2002 Buchanan;
William F. Mau. 1S27 Sutter; James Denman,
2T5S0 SteJner; Asa R. Wells, 800 Sutter: Clar
ence Barrtow Sloane, 2707 Larkin; J.- TBomp
son. 13 Eddy.
Judge Dunne^-J. X. Odell, 2340 Pine; Her
man J. Cordes. 21&C Fifteenth; Moses Stern.
1431 Larkin: P. H. Reardon. 413 Fillmore;
Ouido E. Caglieri, 1068 Filbert; John Devery.
1525 Baker; Henry Hchroeder. 935 Dolores;
Otto Juhgblut, 623 Fillmore; John Porcher.
ilj Gold»n Gpte avenue: Colin M. Boyd. 411
California: Louis W. luen, 407 Cole: J. B.
Keenan, 1210 Clay.
- Judge Graham — R. W. "Webster, 2003 Fill
more; Frank Marinl, 1709 Mason; A. J. CoCey,
11S2 Valencia; James Kltterman, 131S Stock
ton; James V. L-:very, Chestnut and Sansorae;
Marcus J.ewK 704 Golden Gate avenue;. John
T. Snlllvan. 20 Fourth; James B. Smith.. 1540
Pare; M. Levy. 793 Mission: Samuel Pauson.
200 Kearny; Joserh P. Kelleher. 1310 Market;
Charles Bush. SOU Eddy.
The Judges of the Superior Court met
yesterday; and submitted the names of
the men from among whom the Grand
Juries for the ensuing year will be se
lectedi Following is the list:
Judge Seawell— George II. Lent.y2229 Wash
ington: P. Windeler, 2015 Folsum: J. W. Lowe,
320 Kcarny; F. G. Sanborn, 612 California;
Edward P. . Wolf, C2S Market; I~ M. Kaiser,
,7 'Ivearny; Alfred * Wartemveller, STU2 Wash
ington; Isaac Grant, 3S Third; Eugene J.
IJates, 3103 Washington; J. P. Fraser. 41S',j
Pout; A. G. Hagfdorn. IOCS Fillmore; A.
OrUenberg, 717 Fillmore. ,
Judjre Murasky— J. ~\V. Carmany. California
T. and T. Co.; W. J. O'Brien, 525 Ashbury:
F. H. Kllduff. 2915 Lafruna; F. A. Kuhls. 710
Fell; T. ¦ J.- ¦ Stanton. 100 New Montgomery;
Joseph .V Stulz, ¦ 1931 Fillmore; John H.
Hendy. H54 Page; W. G. Stafford, 112 Brod
erick; Charles P. Baughman. a Belvedere;
Charles \V. Welch. 14Ut Turk; Charles A.
JIcLane, 170<> Fell; P. . F. McCarthy, 145D
Lcavenworth. •
"Our association will protest strong
ly," said Mr. Stulz. "We have affiliat
ing members in "eighty-nine cities and
towns in California. They will all pro
test. We shall probably send a letter
to the Merchants* Association urging
opposition to a measure that would
take from this coast millions of dol
lars that would go to Eastern depart
ment or catalogue houses that do not
pay rents or taxes in California."
Mr. Stulz said that he was surprised
that the Merchants' Association of this
city had paid so much attention to the
parcels post measure through the
agency of the publication issued
monthly by the associ«Uiyr;. Mr. Stulz
also argued that there was no fairness
In applying the experience of the Brit
ish Government with the parcels post
to show what might take place in the
United States?, as the conditions differ
largely. Great Britain's population is
more dense than is the population of
the United States. The distances in the
United States over which packages
would be carried would be much
greater than those over which parcels
travel in Great Britain.
COMPARISON'S ARE UXFAIR.
'"President Roosevelt in one of his
speeches is reported to have said that
in their contests with the trusts all the
people had a right to expect was that
tho cards would not be stacked. If the
Government carries the freight for the
Eastern department stores at a yearly
loss the cards are stacked against us.
The parcels post bill, as we view it.
is a combination of the big Eastern
newspapers and the Eastern depart
ment stores to put the 300.000 retail
merchants of the country at a disad
vantage. If was introduced In the
House of Representatives by W. R.
Hearst."
"We believe the movement," he said,
"to be the work of two large New
York catalogue houses, each of which
pets out a million catalogues a year.
These catalogues weigh, on the aver
age, four pounds each. The terms of
the bill would enable these two cata
logue houses in the East to save in
postage about 20 cents on each copy of
a catalogue. That means that they
would save more than $500,000 a year.
They are the people who would profit
by the parcels post law.
"To have their wares delivered at
places in the United States distant
from the point of departure, the East
ern department stores propose to pay
just a little more than it would cost
a local merchant to send his goods
from his store to a residence in his
home city. Associations of merchants
all over the country are protesting
against the unjustness of the bill in
this regard. We realize that we must
face the competition of a great com
bination of capital. This we could do
under some circumstances, but we can
not get out millions of catalogues.
When the United States Government
pays the freight for the Eastern de
partment store- we will be unable to
compete further.
SUSPECTS RIVALS.
Not long ago a -branch of the Postal
Progress League was organized in this
city. Arguments were addressed to
tho^e In attendance. The retail grocers
take a different view of the proposition.
Joseph A. Stulz, the president of the
California State Grocers' Association
and also vice president of the National
Retail Grocers' Association of the Unit
ed States, last evening defined the at
titude of the local retail grocers.
The state Grocers* Association of Cal
ifornia has, through the action, of its
board of directors, placed itself in op
jK»«Jtion 'to the parcels post bill. Some
days ago- the loca! association of. re
tail grocers adopted resolutions against
the bill. Last evening a set of ¦ con
demnatory resolutions was adopted by
the State Grocers' Association. Forms
of circular letters that will be sent out
to all associations of retailers 'in th«
State have also been adopted. There are
several organizations that are not af
filiated with the grocers. They have
a large membership, among them being
bodies of hardware men and druggists.
To each of these it has been decided
to send a request to join in action with
the retail grocers and to send letters
to representatives in Congress and Sen
ators from this State to urge opposition
to the bill in question.
As the vessel intended ' to sail on
Monday morning Cognet said he woifld
like the Judge to make an order that
the vessel be not allowed to leave the
port, for he desired the captain and
some of the sailors as witnesses for
the defense. » ' *
The Judge said that the witnesses
who had been subpenaed were under
the jurisdiction of the court and he
would make an order that they- be in
court at the next calling of the case.
If the vessel sailc' and they did not
appear in court they would be guilty
of contempt and he would see that
they were brought back and punished.
Cognet expressed himself as satisfied.
District Attorney Byington asked
for a continuance till Monday morn
ing. It was granted and all witnesses
were ordered to be in court at that
time.
for trial in Judge ; ,Cook's court yes
terday morning Attorney, Cognet asked
for a contiunan^e because his asso
ciate counsel, Colonel Eddy, was un
able to be present." lie. then renewed
his contention that the court has no
jurisdiction.'.;./^ . \
The Judge paid there had not been
a sufficient showing for a continuance
and ordered the Jury to b» impaneled.
Cognet rose from. his seat to leave, but
the Judge ordered him to ' remain.
Cognet refused to ask' the jurors any
questions and said he would refuse
to cross-examine the witnesses. The
Judge replied that . he would look
after the interests of the defendant
and after'the jury had been impaneled
lie cross-examined the" witnesses, all
sailors.
When the case of AMnoent Le Cor
vee, charged with. the murder of Vin
cent I,e Meur on. tlie French bark Ver
cingetorix at the Vallejo-street wharf
on the nigrht of January. 12, was called
Chained With Fatally Stab
bing: 3Iessinate and Question
of Jurisdiction Is Raised
President <StuIz Gives His Rea
sons for Attitude Taken by
3Ieu in the Retail -Bdsinbss
Asks City Attorney If Mere
Assignment of a Teacher
Elects Her to Department
Bnsincss Men and Capitalists,
Physicians and Tradesmen
Are Choice of the Bench
\\a*l«in«:ton Dopartments Issue Navy
Orde»^ a iid Apjwitit Po«t masters
? in Western States.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 29.— Postofflce
Vsta^j'.ished: Washington — Belleville,
. Skateit County. Wiliiam Cleary, Post
ajaetef. Pcstn^a^t^rp commissioned:
California— Frank J. Hellen. Tucson.
, C?re&ou — Cf-ors:e T. Smith. Chetwood.
Daniel B. Troutman. Tallman. Fourth
c-;«iss Postmasters appointed: Califor-1
nli— David L. Stuart. Santee, San Diego
County, vice Nellie B. Bishop, resigned.
* Navy orders: Passed Assistant Pay- ¦
master R. Pp^ar from Naval Training !
t-taticn. Par. Francisco, to the Tacoma. j
OF INTEREST TO PKOI»I.E
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
'. Third Week of the Trial for
. : Alleged Frauds iu tlio
federal Service Is Closed
WASHINGTON, jani 29.— The third
v'-v!: of the postal trial dosed to-day j
c .-Mil the Indications now .an? that th° J
(-nme Kill £-*•• t<> ttae jury about the end .
. of ncpct \\.-ek. August W. Marhen. th" j
? fi>rm*»r general superintendent of th* 1 •
free' delivery sy5tem. probably [trill !
, ttilie the.stanil Tuesday and the pr*»s- •
ent Intention is for the -other d<*fe.r.d- I
' ams. r>r. and Mrs. George E. T>orenz ]
and D. B. and S. A. GrofT also to tes
*:fy. though' the i»lnn may not be car
r>-J ox::.
"Tlse defense to-day sought to show |
I Ijv ill*3 Ilia S. Liebharut. for some j
years < h5ef c!»rk of th*» free delivery j
system, and by other witnesses that j
Ihe oMts for th* Grcff fasteners were !
F"rt out in the ordinary official routine J
• • /;nd that it was impossible for a chief j
'• ¦ i>l* a bureau, with a multiplicity of de
' : taJIs such as attached to the rapidly
rural fre» delivery service, to I
p^jf« personal attention to all the mail |
.T.d o;her official matter?.
WOMAN GIVES TESTIMONY
BOARD IN A QUANDARY
CITY ASSOCIATION ACTS
EACH NAMES TWELVE MEN
FRENCH SAILOR OX TRIAL
Former PostoffiVc Official Is
«<> Be Called, as' .a Witness
. Within the Next Few Days
Residents of Sunnyside Want
Better Accommodations for
Pupils, but -Divide on Site
Superior Judges Submit Lists
of Prominent Citizens to Serve
on New Inquisitorial Board
Carroll Cook on Refusal of
Counsel to Proceed in Case
Cross - Examines Witnesses
Stale Body Adopts Resolutions
in Opposition to Measure
That Is Pending in Confess
GROCERS FIGHT
PARCELS POST
FACTIONS WAR
OVER A SCHOOL
CO UR T SELECTS
GRAND JURORS
ACTS AS JUDGE
AND ATTORNEY
MACHEN'S TURN
SOON TO COME
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SATURDAY. JAXUARV 30. Iflbi.
Army <;oi»crsl Staff Increased.
9
• AMUSE3IEXT5.
MATINEE TO-DAY— Last Night
\A/. H. TURINER
In Julius Cahn's Succesiral ProOuctlcn
DAVID JiARUM.
nSSff™ TO-MORROW MATINEE
Joseph Arthur's Greatest Melodramatic Sncce*«
LOST RIVER
. > XTSTXAI. POPUIAE PaiCES.
I*EB. 8 — WEBSS ft 7XEXJ3S.
Seat Sale Opens Wednesday.
TIVA1 I OPERA
I IV UL1 HOUSE.
MATINEE TO-PAT AT 2:13.
When Johnny
Gomes Marching Home,
A Military Spectacular Coraie Opera by Stx»>
islaus Stangre anl Julian Eiiwards.
Martial Music! Picturesque Scenery! Northern
Soldiers and Southern Sweethearts!
Xn Preparation — "THE OYPSY BABO5."
Usual Popular Prices 25c, SOc and T5e
Box Seats fl.OO
Montague's Cockatoo Circus
And a Great Show Every Afternoon and
Erenlna; In the Heated Theater.
AMERICAN. CHINESE AND PHIIJPPtNB
BABIES IN THE INFANT INCUBATORS.
H/\1NNIBAL
The Untamable African Lion, in the Zoot
Admission, 10c; Children. 5c.
When Phoning. Ask for "The Chutea."
HISCKLTaAirEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
LYRIC HALL.
CONCERT TO-DAY MATINEE AND THIS
EVENING.
RIVELA ROYAL ITALIAN BAND
Marches, overtures and I'lecticns from l. s .e
most popular Italian and German operas.
Svats SOc and 75c. at Sherman ft Clar's
during the day and in the evening at the box
offlce of the Lyric Halt.
WILLIAM BUTLER YEATS
Poet. Dramatist. Orato-r.
Closing' Lecture in California.
"THE THEATER AND WHAT IT MIGHT
BE."
Alhamtra Theater. This Evening, 8:30 p. xa.
V. : > Prices — 50c and 73c.
Tickets at room ST. Flood building, and at
box-offlce after 7:SO p. m.
EXCURSION TO NAPA.
Recollect that the Weather Is Delightful la
Xapa when tt is Cloudy in San Francisco.
STEAMER ST. HELENA \
Will Leave Washington -ft. Wharf. Pier 3. at
10 a. m.,
SUNDAY. JANUARY 31. Rain or Shine. <
TICKETS— Round Trip 50 Cents.
Dancing on Board Steamer.
Good Music. Refreshments en Board StramT.
Paiarp dont fail to
laiaVW the beautiful
- « COURT Lous^ing
d\t\A roosv the EMPIRE
aUU PARLOR. th«
n J PALM ROOM, tht
linifla LOUIS XV PAR-
D X^I^ DIES* WRITINQ
Hotels J «>y
Every Woman
f^m tatBlttttU< a^ftS 2 io^«
WJSM MARVtL Whtrfiog Spray
5««»^a Tte wwT J«S l^? 7rtlt S^ y^ e f'
(ArnrtnipnKril \\ NSbtiJrr '.'... 1T*^~
If h- cannot ropylT «&• \M^l *¦£'?& J—
MAKVKI>, accept BO T^ T^MsS^T
•ther. but %*aA •tamp (OTja- # *^^/ .
fall oartle«lar» and dlrertfon* la- *\;' /.„ ¦ M
TabutUa to laxOas. M.tBVEL CO..
693 MISSION ST.. S. F-. CaL
William Hatteroth (Ladl*»' r>pt.)..224 Sutter
Union Drug CO..214 Kearny & Van Ness * Mkt.
Ovgood Brcs Tth & 'Broad v^y, OakUnd
Baldwin Pharmacy 113 Ellii
JidGtto&aM MENANOWOMEJI.
tABS^^rrmtLSSBO Cm Big€»foruaa»tor»i
Jjafi, i in 1 4an^Q dl»ch*rf«t,laa*ium»tions.
GBm SunttMl U lrritatioB* or oic«r»U«sj
¦8j sot m twittan. of mac oss menbriat*.
l> <1 rr«%»ti (MUftn. Ptln'.mt, and not Mtrla-
K#lTatEU»CHCTa*lM. r*nt or poirancrat.
\ggA aiauuTi,e.8Sgi ¦•« *y Dracsuu.
wfflk B» a. a. Mr or Mat in pUia wr>pp*r.
jtmBa,, /MfB by •zprm*, »r»p»id. far
•!.(». «r 3 botUei 13.73.
•m -^apggi^Mnty ai circular Met oa nqaot.
tg. JgATENTS^ ' 3
FAINE'S CELEBY C0MP0171ID.
Civil War Veteran's Advice
Saved Philadelphia Man's Life
Again Despair Is Turned Into Victory by the Famous Tjnic
PA IMPS fFIFRY fftMPftllNll
. • , _ - '
"AT.Ti RUN DOWN" — XERVOUS | eran whom I met la a poblic park. Hl»
AXD HAD DYSPEPSIA. Praise of ths iafallibl* remedy was t»
• Rrtat I decided t? give it a triaL
S. J. Bank! n's Case Uke Thousands "I purchased two bottles, and before I
of nthpr <<nfTf.t-i.i-v h 041 tinisheU taking it a change for ths
oi uiiier nuncrers. better in my condition mado its appear-
Philadflnhfi T>n <»<.nt •« iQfti ance. I continu%>a to take the medicine
pound convinced me that I had at last active snd vis<»rous. and after taking
discovered a remedy that proved a per- five bottles of thf great tonic I was en-
manent cure for a run-down system, tirely cured.
nervousness, liver complaints and dys- , To-day I wHgh more than ever before
TM>n<:i n fmm wh ioh t suffoi-oH l ,, 1 ,«i,i •" my lif^. my ntrves have gained their
SvfoV^N suffered untold normal condition and my health In gen-
"Other <jo-cailVd vnrp« xchirh I «npn( eral is Perfect. I give praise to nothln*
seemed only to make my complication all SlJSSSgVSK^Kt remod^ " ~ S - J '
the more severe. For years I suffered "I-.nkkn, -o- .Manton St.
from a general run-down system that f
was gradually drawing me nearer, day KEEPS HIMSELF WELL.
by day. to my last resting place. ;
"I was losing- weight rapidly, could j "Paine's Celery Comround is the only
eat but very little — after which X «nf- j m*»d:eine I have taken for years, and s»
fered inteniely. In less than a year X < lon & as j t benefits me so much I shall
wa* reduced almost to a skeleton \fter never tJlke 3nv oth^r. It always keeps
uSngi feverarTro^lnent "phys^ns all »• 81 ° 4 S "
of whom told me my case was puzzling. bt - x ' ouls Mo - Sept.. 1SO>.
without in the least benefiting my con- »»»»»»»• «»«..«». -^« »«»»»»»
dition. I gave up in despair, believing my J "Cure the real cause of tout !
disease incurable. I had taken any J troutla--vour nerved" *
quantity of medicines advertised, but ! -p^-^ J rh4" m n i r o a f
they were no good. t r^^ot^ t
"Paine's Celery Compound was recom- » erer of Pair»» Celery Compound. '' {
mended to me by an old ClTil 'War vet- ««¦¦¦»»• ?••»«»»»«.».»»,,»
A3IUSEaiENTS : ' I
To- "T~ To-
I Morrow
And all' of next week enly— that will end the
run of •
...THE BEAUTY SHOP...
The one really clever musical comedy.
With the beat of eongs, dances, specialties and
J. C. Crawford's original funny sayings.
Matinees Saturday and, Sunday.
ALL-STAB CAST.
Commencing Monday, February 8.
"BOXiX FOLT"
Once more a great novelty.
Seatf now on sale.
First appearance of NELLIE LYNCH.
CALIFORNIA
Jfl UUBDA7 H1OHT . EjSy
AXD ALL HEXT WEEK.
MR. EDWARD MORGAN I]
IN HALL CAERE'S MASTERPIECE. [
THE y
ETERNAL CITY |
• .SPECIAL PRICES— J1.50, $1.0O. 75c. I
SOc, SSc. II
Matinee prices same as for evening I
performances. CX7RTAIX PROMPTLY H
bULUMDl A mm mm
MATUTEB A T0-HIQHT,
Chinese
Honeymoon
Musical Comady Hit of Immense Proportions
Nothing More Brilliant Ever Seen on the 8tag«
In This Country.
Beg. Mon.— Last Nigrhts, "A Chinese Honey-
moon."
IC^^AT D ll^-AiL^r E fh^Pea^ EDER -
A PRODIGIOUS PROGRAMME!
Johnny and Emma Ray; Cord mi and
Maud; Sawtelle and Dnffy;
Holden and Florence; Last Times
or the Stein-Eretto Family; Stanley
and Wilson; Kelly and Violette, and
Irving Jones, and Orpheum Motion
Pictures.
Regular Matinees Every Wednesday. Thurs-
day, Saturday and Sunday. Prices. 10c 23c
and SOc.
ATPA7AD Belasco A Mayer.
• General Manager.
THE ALCAZAR'S VERY GREATEST AR-
TISTIC ACHIEVEMENT.
TO-NIGHT— MATS. TO-DAY AND SUNDAY.
TU C By Henry
II 1 Arthur Jonea. & g
MASQUERADERU
A TREMENDOUS EMOTIONAL PLAT AND
SUPERBLY ACTED.
Evea., 25c to SOc Mats. Sat. and Sun., 15c to 50c
Next Monday — First San Francisco produc-
tion of the delightful romantic comedy,
A COLONIAL GIRL,
As Originally Played by Virginia Harned and
E. H. Sothern.
CENTRALS;
Market St., near Eighth. Pb e South S33.
TO-NIGHT— LAST TWO NIGHTS.
MATINEES TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW.
Magnificent Spectacular Production -' the
-Greatest of All Historical Dramas.
QUO VADIS
150— PEOPLE IN CAST— 15C
New Scenery! Gorgeous CoctUL.ee!
Brilliant Electrical Effects!
PRICES ' — Evenings, 10c to 50c Matinees
10c. 15c. 25c
HSXT WEEK— "EAST ETOTTB.*
OAKLAND RACE TRACK
* NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
: Commencing January - 4.
Racing Each Week Day. Rain or Shine*
Six or More Races Daily.
Races commence at 3:15 p. m. sharp.
For special trains stopping at th* track Uk*
8. P. Ferry, foot of Market street, at 12.
12:30. 1:00. 1:30 or 2 o'clock.' No atDoklnx to
last two cars, which ax* . rvaarvad tor ladles
and their escorts.
Returning trains leave track at 4:10 and
4 :*5 and Immediately after the last race.
.^THOMAS H.. W1LLIAM3. PresidenL
PERCY- W. TREAT. Secretary. ¦
Weekly Call, 51 per Year
•ADVERTISEMENTS.
jptVl be closed- "feu dog » 1
I % Cive fv'tyvfintj for I
I of Wan o$ _ ifuxidkftiU I
8 of -them,- nikl£\ mil I
po& Sold- Ly%, owf* Hf&i*€~ 1
g CuZ Ivtrttjo * - - ; ..... I
'« AliVEBTISEMEirrS.
Look at the Brand !
WalterBakers
Cocoa and
Chocolate
The FINEST in the World
Costs Less than One Cent a Cup
Forty Highest Awards in Europe
and America
Walter Baker & Co. Ltd,
bourn i78n Dorchester, Mass.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
i&ialoguo and Pries Lists Mallei
on Application.
£" rsSesH jlxd salt kxats.
« Aj. 1)1/ 1L3 U WU. Clay. Tel. Uilg 1291.
OXXiS.
» LUBRICATING OILS 1 : LEONAF.D & ELLIE.
¦ r 41* Froct al.. 6. F. Phone Malp 17U>.
FSUITIBO.
t. V.. QLUnci, en e*naom» «t., s. r.The illustrations show Al dough*, a
noted ¦ ¦. rough rider and ''/'bronco
buster," putting ponies through ' their
paces. He handled a lot of horses for
the German -Government some 'years
since. Qf the 6000 horses they had
here it was said there \v$s not one he
could not ride,- . "". "
touches He allows, none of hfs'men
to use a mallet while riding Him, as
a chance blow on the head'mightruiri
the pony.". The~same principle 'is fol
lowed' by" IrisH hunting/ men,-, who
never allow exercise boys to send their
hunters over a fence for fear "they
would allow a horse. to refuse to jump
and thus give it a, lesson it. might ap
ply in the hunting field to itsowner's
chagrin and humiliation^. \ .
The Golden Gate Club will be repre
sented by: l. Baker brothers; 2, Carl
Gardner and Charles Dunlap; 3. Clar
ence Griffin and C. Foley; 4. Georg«
Janes and H. Russell^ 5. A. Palmer an<l
H. Brabant; 6, Horace Mann and G.
WV Finch; T, the Hotchkis3 brothers; 8,
Norman Ambrose and James Code; 'J,
George Bates and E. P. Firthegran: sub
stitutes, C. S. Gaynesa and J. Lewi*.
Hill and Dr. McChesney*; 5, Sidney
Salisbury and .Frank Stringham: 6,
Herbert Schmidt and Harry Rolfe; 7,
R. T. Crawford and Sherwood Adams;
8, Kay Cornell and Ray Splivalo; .0,
Will Page and Lloyd Baldwin or the
Long brothers.
Our Motto, Snapper Garrison. Maid of the
Glen.^ Barefoot -Boy. ' Northern Express, False
Alarm,*,. Comstock, . Mount".- Hose. "Colored ; Lady,
Tra\ee .: Boy, . The % Referee, . Liberator. Lily
.-Wrlghtr* Reta S,"« Rocker 'Arm. Apple ¦ Blossom,
John Hecnan,' ,Van<lal." .Gapiblt;; R6ctor. : Rene
gade .'Apache. Young Johnny Rex, Fenii, Or
>iina,'Mellinwopfl, -Haphazard. Pathfinder, Cas
cade.' Texas I3etty, KsaJ* Article,- Cubanola,
The ' coursing .at .Union Park to
morrowyvivill. corrimence upon the ar
rival','of..trie,,10:15"o'clock: train There
.wiiUalso'be^a train at /T o'clock. "'.-"The
stake is .limited; to, sixty-four entries,
the. "intention being txrhave Judge P. J.
ReillyT^pass" -'upon 'the rnerits. of the
dogs in ? the^deQidirig* r course'_before 5
o'clock'. The jikely.winners ldok to be:
... The. officials of, the Interstate -Cours
ing JClub expect" the Belle* Brandon cup
of this year to ; attract the record entry !
of. its history v There are a large num
ber, of .'coming' up which have
never coursed. There is an un
usually - -heavy ¦ registration- of .puppies
whelped ilast • year,* ainong" them being
some of great' promise: ff • * ' • ' ;
' -In "cohjunc'tiqn with" this stake will
be run* the California 'Plate, for which
all ftrie- older ; "dogs 'are 'eligible. ' These
.'two'stakeVwill be the first'of the Inter-
State' Club's, events' of ;this season. 'It
is anripiihcedrth'at" New' Home Boy, the
•crack 'LosAngeles courser, will be sent
up c especially 'for 'the plate event." -
/ .T. <J. 'Crbniri '"visited Rocklln some
days' sihc^Etndcante away feeling there
Is : nb" : danger' oi the ..breed of grey
hoirnds* deteriorating so long as M. C.
Delano, * JT'E.'V.F, feerrian'T "arid " other en
thusiasts- find pleasure*" in rearirig dogs
for cbursihg.* J - x -- ; : - l; ' ' ; «
; Mr.-Cronin -saw-a lot of young dogs,
all 6f^tri"e •finest'" blood- and" showing the
effects '.of liberal 'feeding: and. plenty of
exercise. •. Two ¦ dog: puppies • owned by
himself. ... are • particularly promising.
They are by .Varidal-Skyblue, the latter
a' sister v 't6j; Manila. ' rrhey are eleven
months -old/are black and white in color
a'rid'"weighYrnore: than sixty pounds
each. .'He-Was particularly interested
in! a"five-tnonths-old* puppy 'by Wild
Tralee-Mamie Pleasant owned- by Mr.
Delano.' 'This -precocious 5 miss goes
eight and teri miles each day on the
read -and- is- as- sleek as a -mole. She
is black and has a coat like satin.
-There are a number of puppies by
I Fortuna Favente-Rollicking Airs, and
also out^ of Gallant Foe. They' are big.
healthy l fellows and ' should be heard
from ¦¦ next year.
-Kelly arid Hanlei- have bought Pep
per Hill'from Tim Sullivan.
The first brace of dogs will be called
to the slips at Ingleside Parkto-mor
fowj at 1 o'clock. ' The stake is evenly
balanced and interestirig trials are ex
pected. The likely winners in the first
'round ;, look to be:
¦ High Born. Creiiwick. Little Plunrer, Menlo
Prince, Queen'* Motto,' Gllmore' Girl. Lady
Mtnlo.. Pacing Billy.- Full .Moon.' Kov Hughlo,
Reckless ; Acrobat. Medley. Texas Hoo • Hoo,
Comlque, Raby:- Aurora. - LauirhiiW "Water.
CloudburPt, Friend. , Celtic, Belfast,
GiaucuSj Conroy. I-'risky Barbara. Boots. Young
Fearless,- Red Pepwr. Pasba Plea?ant. Bon
nie Pasha, vToosy .Turvy.'. J E H,: Homer Boy.
Charming,- Thought. ¦¦,.r' f^y\ ¦.'¦.:- '.*.,',
The ; directors j of the ; Dolphin Cliib
propose to institute, a «eries ; of ; dances,
to take place once/, a£mqnth"l : a"t* the
clubhouse,'-, for and their
f riends. •"¦ ,The object; of ¦' these- proposed
gatherings' is'to L provide.:some' recrea
tion . for • those members who j do \ not
take an active • part in ; rowing . arid* wjho
desire to meet their : fellow. niemb«rs
socially. •- ...- . ; v 'l'X^~.\ j' V^/f -v/. "ij» ' "i i
L.'. Captairisv have >beeri "chosen . "for r the
class | crews ' of,*the tJniyersity." of .Cali
fornia': Boating 'Association.
as jfollows:, T, A.. Sterling: Bunnell, " *&4,- v
of ,the j senior 'crew ; ; Edwin 'J; Grindley
of the' "junior crew/ ..and ] Hi - ,W. V : Ross
of r the j sophomore :• .crew: t -THe v fresh
m.en "received, their, first- instruction's^ at
¦ the 'Harrhori;' Gymnasium or; Tuesday
afternppnt and^will'.take ' special, exer
cises.there; f or'a fe w, weekstbef ore en
tering' the 'barges on'Sessions* Basin.
General' Dewet ->..".. - '¦¦: ':-.• . : ¦¦,.-¦,:
• Many members of the Ariel Rowing
Club were at' the new clubhouse 'last
Sunday. 1 All the -boats are now houso-d
there. Several of the members ! went
out', for a spin ; in the" outrigger ''skiffs
arid' to-mc : rrd w - tlie 'four-oared • barges
will be ready'-'for- use.> -^It --is -so "long
sirice.the- members, have .had. an. op^
portunity of rowing that ;it is 'expected
there, will be quite. a 'large -number- of
.oar-smen^in evidence-at-.the. nexwcuiar
ters'. The .annual, dinner and. the>in-
s.tallatJor. s of ; the new board of ofticers
.vvill be. held r to-riight. ; ; The* ¦ dinner -\vfll
"not .'only -' serve' as : a ) of - ; ;the
riitrrihtlrs, but 'also as a fcelebraUon* of
the. -opening" of.; the;. •new * clubhouse/
which -is' a ; monument '• to« the* ioyalty
arid [energy of ih6 members, ,who"-kept
together" and preserved^'-'iri , : spite .'jof
many,rtdiscouraging.;, circumstances,^in ,
their 'effort's" to . sebufe'- aipermariont'«aa
catioh i and 'a' v :;well S equipped, "¦' modern
/boathquse for' the club.; '' >¦'' ; ' :-'>''
• ¦•"-It" is ! expected ; the. South'End ,"f\qw
.irig^Club- will "begin work ; <-'n
¦its -ne^iv house to be erected on ; the site
.adjoining t the Ariel. 'quarters. -.Pome j
time,' ago -thelSquth Knd;Rowlng.c;ut)
sold its. handball 'court', TVhlch had be»';i
erected" at a.considerftbre'cost. ani will
; sill its old -clubhouse at the .foot 1 ' j \st
Third street.-, - -Or '* - •¦".-.' V ' **f' % "
• Now that the. uncertainty whiqh. for.
a . long time" 1 haunted :the;minds"; Qf^the
Ariel and South End t oarsrnen is.-atjan
end,, another club,,. the /Dolphin'. S.vv'irn
ming: and - Boating ,' C.lu.b,t;is \ begln'nlns
;to feel somewhat insecure of its' tehur.e
of -the site at the' foot' of Van ¦ Negs
avenue...- United States Government ;eif-.
gineers haVe,been-taking ! soundin^3 i < ?nd,
making observations at ' Black . Point',
and the Dolphins are beginning to tsar
that the" Federal Government may. :ri-"
tend" to construct. son\e works -.which
would-r render 'it <to remove
the boathouse. .The Dolphin Club/would
have ' purchased t the > handball . court
.owned . by the South End Rowing Club
and. have :' erected ¦ it-^ near \ their",boat
house had it; felt Quite secure. . .- -V :;".
*' The directors -desire /also' to* raise
¦the|house "and^make "a 'place for stor
ing ¦'¦¦boats underneath' ; ity They have
also. other' improvements in vlew, ; .but
do .riot wish \ to '.* make expenditures
from . which.' the^rriembers 'migrht reap,
little or *no> 'adequate /.benefit.; The
water front' ; &r so /filled up] with'
Ayharves, > .warehouses-- and- factories
that it is a- ha^d. task\to* find a location
suitable for. .a ibbathouse,. which' rhiist
be readily accessible :by ;land and 'wa
ter-if: it* is .to-.. serve 'its, purpose, well.
Behind, the -bat there are' but two
candidates, Captain, Ball and "Stump",
Stott, 'Who .captained '^the^ victorious
freshman football S eleven^! A Bail x is f a
veteran at the : position, 'although' ;he'
plaj'ed^third basejlast season, j He*;is'a
reliable
the .ball ; off .on throws . fo bases.* "^Stott
is showing ."up .well ] b'ehind' the bat,"; but
is ; 9.vpoor hitter," a'defect he'may- be
able; to overcome un'der Coach Doyle's
tutelage." . 4 . : .".',*- -."'. ¦.'.-¦. **"'; -?'*-.¦-''.;¦.. '*
-..To-morrow afternoon : the', varsity
will play : the ; St." T Mary's College iinine
on the Stanford, diamond. -• AV close
contest is expected, . ¦¦¦ ¦ _.'- ;
There is an abundance of/material
from which to develop; a 5 good staff '¦%"..
pitchers for the cardinal Tarid 'Coach
Doyle's long experience.- in^ • the -box
ought to aid him in '..bringing! out .the
strong- points in the- varsity- candidates
for slab honors. .Tritch,*whoYpltchea
good ball in the second game against
California last year, is' in the lead of
the bunch of .; twirlers, ' v though there
are several ; others -who*. sh'ouldv reach
varstty form before 1 the f season! ends.
The easy style-. of • delivery. used ; by,
Tritch and his almost perfect. control
make him a safe man, to depend upon.
Sales '06 and Roosevelt .'04 have, per
haps, more speed than Tritch arid may
give tl»e latter a close rim" for the : po
sition. Freshman >; Chalmers/^; ?iwho
played right half on tlie*. varsity, eieveri
last fall, is also .shqwing^corisiderable
knowledge ¦ of the .. pitcher's art. ~ His
showing in the class game. between the
freshmen and t^ie , sophomores' /was re
markably goqd, particularly the cool
ness displayed under rither. trying cir
cumstances. '•'¦ ¦'¦',. " ~4'_ *'¦-
Coach Doyle believes in 'developing
a team of hitters arid, with this' end
in view is devoting! most : of the prac
tice to that feature v of the game"; After
preliminary work at batting ahd'.fleld
ing the men wind tip-; the- afternoon's
work with a few innings of fast, work,
in which all of , the candidates , are
given an opportunity to info the
game. " ¦':' '•', ¦ •• ; ••;• " ; ': •.>•'-';:¦:*::
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, -Jan.
—The first fortnight of "regular prac
tice on the varsity "diamond has come
to a close and the outlook "for ? a- fast
ball team is extremely .encouraging.
Coach Charley Doyle has won_the'-.en
tire college community,. rooters as, well
as balltossers, arid" there is ;a" general
feeling of confidence" in his ability, to
turn out. a winning' teain": 'A' number
of the baseball men " have been. heard
to express their' regref that ,Captairi
Overall has decided to leave Berkeley.
This spirit is cropping out*, every
where among the "men and: all of. them
are Vdigging.in'S with. a determination
to 'break California's, long string v of
baseball victories. \ The,' men- appear
on the diamond between 4 ;'ahd^ 4:15
every afternoon and keep at it as long
as it is possible to seethe ball.; Never
before have so many} candidates .ap
peared on the" field "for "nightly prac-f.
tice as are turning out at present. '. •
Xew Clubhouse Attracts the
: AYho Have Been I)e
prh ed of Kowiiig for Months
Baseball Squad Under the Tute
lage of Coach •'.Doyle 'Gives
Promise of Work
Many Young , Greyhounds of
\ -Promise Will 'Make Debut in
Belle -.Brandon Cup Event
ARIEL OARSMEN
AGAIN AFLOAT
CARDINAL PLAYERS
AT HARD PRACTICE
OFFICIALS EXPECT
A HEAVY ENTERY
After a ppny has been grounded in
the rudiments of the game* its oimer
Invariably puts on the ' fihishing
Th.e pride of the cowboy is to have
a pony which can *'turn on a 10-cent
piece," The illustration shows some
thing akin to this, a pony galloping
around a polo mallet, a remarkable
test of agility.
The ponies most in demand are
those which have been "hackamore"
trained by cowboys and which have
been used on the cattle range for a
year or so. They soon learn what is
wanted of them when driving cattle
and will then follow any object, stop
ping and starting at great speed.
These ponies could be purchased a
few years ago for *35. They have
been so eagerly sought, however, that
persons liaving them now know their
value and demand ?200 to $300 for
4hem. This is not an extravagant fig
ore, as the $35 range pony often be
comes the 51000 polo pony_ in the
bands of expert handlers.
.It takes long and careful prepara
tion to bring a pony up to a game, al
though there have been cases where a
pony has been played after a few days'
practice. Xine months or a year is
considered a reasonable time in which,
to develop a pony. The first work is
done with a "hackmore," a halter
like affair, usually made oj hair. This
presses on the sensitive part of the
pony's nose and jaw and teaches him
to stop suddenly and " with* but t little
jar to his rider. Some authorities in
sist that a martingale should be used
in conjunction with the "hackamore,"
while others claim it interferes with
•the work of that instrument. •;
F 3 Carolan. W noli ponies and 4 race
Vernier ¦ C W. Clark. 20 polo ponies and 4 race
nonies- Walter McOrwrr. 10 P°'° P<«»« an< ? -
h?* Smfcs; r. J. Grace. 10 polo ponies and 2
race nonlc*: W. S. Hobart. 8 polo ncn'.es and
2 ra.ee por.Se*: T. A. DrUtcoU. 12 polo pcnl^;
Ckmrlc* Dunrtij-. 15; T€<MI; H™™«|. X n =
Lawr«nc* McCr«>ery. "; I*. M. Tobin. S. and
C UaMil-Duval. €.
• The polo pony is usually a chance
animal, few persons breeding to secure
the required size and other qualifica
tions. The first necessity is that the
pony be not rrore than fourteen and a
half or. fifty-eight inches in height at
the shoulder. This animal • must be
capable of carrying .men v.eighing from
150 to 200 pounds at race horse speed
for a Quarter of a mile.
On a fast track at Oakland the horses
will usually run the rtrst quarter of a
mile, with tiny jockeys up, in twenty
four seconds. Walter McCreery's pony
Prince, an Undersized descendant of
Wlldjdte. has covered a quarter mile
in 24*i seconds with 1S2 pounds in the
saddle. The Burglingame Country Club
men are better mounted this year than
at any time in the history of the game
and are always on the lookout for
promising ponies.
' To play the game properly at least
four ponies are required in eich. match.
A player usually has one or two fa
vorite ponies which he will use in two
period?. These extend over, ten min
utes at play- Six periods are played
in all matches. The following list gives
an idea of the ponies owned by the
prominent polois-ts ol the Burlingame
Club: .
ing and sensational game of polo has
made in popular favor on this coast
has created a demand for high class
jponi^s which cannot be supplied It
is said every promising pony west of
the Rocky Mountains is shown to H.
W. Kike or the other men who supply
the poloists with their mounts.
not enough time remained to equip and
tune her- up for a racer which" must be
held not later than September 30. It is
proposed to put' her into 'the ' -water
about March 1. - - • * .:„...,-
The secretary's report read., at .the
annual meeting of the California Yacht
Club showed that there are on its roll
the names .of 197 members,, ,five- of
whom are honorary. The following of
ficers were, ele'eted to. serve, the club
during the coming year: Commodore,
George M. Shaw, owner of the yacht
Idler; vice commodore, Charles P. 'Doe,
owner of the schooner Challenge; sec
retary, F. P. du Brutzj treasurer,
Julian Altendorf, owner of the yawl
Pilgrim; port captain, C. J. Vogel; di
rectors. A. G. Byxbee, J-..E. Back, own-,
er of the sloop Catherine; C. E. Clark,
owner of the yawl GypsJe, and George
S. Williams, part owner of the schooner
Frances; treasurer, J. J. Sherry. Of
the foregoing George M. Shaw, Charles
P. Doe, Julian Altendorf, J. .J;- Sherry
and Charles E. Clark were re-elected to
the offices filled by. them last year.
The regatta committee consists' of A.
Vekander, owner of the yawl . Mabel
A; William McBain, who' was secre
tary during 1903. and W. H. James.
It seems there will be a keen contest
for the office of Commodore of . . the
San Francisco Yacht- Club. . The can
didates are A. C. Lee. the present vice
commodore, and \V. G. Morrow, owner
of the sloop Challenger. It was at' first
supposed the contest would be confined
to the candidates for commodore,' ' but
the opposition ticket includes the
names of WV "W. Wilde, candidate for
the office of recording secretary, -and
of W. W. Farrar, candidate for the of
fice, of treasurer. It is practically im
possible at the present time to -esti
mate the strength of the rival parties.
During the year forty-nine members
were lost bv resignation,- expulsion or
death, but fifty new members .were
tlected. The membership list .-rontains
the names of 255 members, of whom 222
a.ie acii\e, twenty-nine absent and four
are honorary. The fleet includes forty
three sIoods. eight yawls and three
launches. During the past year the
total receipts of the clu6 were $1708, and
its total expenses were $3143. There-is
on hand a cash balance of 5912, an<l
$645 is due from members, making the
total assets of the club more than $1500,
with all bills paid. A . • ••
In response to a question by ex-Com
modore Carl Westerfeld with regard, to
the amount spent on the sloop Corin
thian, built by. the ciub for the purpose
of challenging for the San Francisco
Perpetual challenge, cup,, now held .by
the San -Francisco Yacht Club, ex-Com
modore John W. Pew said -that the
sloop had cost up to the' present $3309.
She was finished, before the close of
List season, but was not. launched,: as
thian Yacht Club, held on Wednesday
night, there were about 100 members
present. The reports of the officers
showed the club to be in an excellent
condition both as 1 regards number of
members and finances. - . \
On the ground near the cotton mills
at East Oakland the Pirates will play
an Association football match this aft
ernoon against an eleven from the Sea
men's Institute of this city. The ball
will be kicked off at 3:30. The gams
will be refereed by Henry Roberts,
secretary of the California Association
Football League.
Two of the matches -for the cham
pionship of the California Association .
Football League that were postponed
on account of the wet weather earlier
in the month will be played to-morrow.
On the cricket ground at Alameda the
Pickwicks will play against the Occi
dentals, this being the game originally
set for the 17th inst. The ball will be
kicked off at 2:30 p. m. and the referee
'will be G. S. K. McCallum of the Vam
pires. ; On the ground at Idora Park,
Oakland, the Vampires will meet the
Albion Rovers, the match having been
postponed from the 10th inst. C. W.
Iri3h will be the referee and the ball
will be kicked off at 2:30 p. m.
A team of the Thistle Club will play
a friendly match to-morrow against an
eleven of the Oakland Hornets on the
ground at Idora Park. Oakland, the
ball being kicked off at 1 p. m.
In the games for the championship
of the California Association Football
League to-morrow the teams will lino
up as follows:
Pickwicks. Positions. Occidentals.
Knight Goalkeeper ' Cnlv«r«
Conway; L«ft back ....Roberts
Bouton -Right back Lloyd
Todd Le« halfback Graci*»
Cock l>nter halfback Mites
Furber flight halfback Bowdon
Murdock .;>utsiile left B*. Holland
McGIIIIvray Inside left Hayes
Cowan "....renter forward. ..V. Holland
Warren Inside right P. Lydon
Robertson Dutsicte right Evans
Albion Rovers. rositlons.T Vampires.-
W.'Hcsfcrd 1oalkee~er Alrth
Gilchr-f't.. '.Left b«clr /.Peterson <Capt.>
, John tCant.) lUght back Theber*»
' Bayne, Left halfback llarwood
Matthrescn renter halfback Turner
Jones .Rluht tailback. ... . .Glarn/r
Bradley Outside left........ Lees
miquesne. .'nside left. .".... Kay
Churchill Center forward Wildins
Tweeole ... . Insu«> right. . ShowcU
Goodlot , Outside right. Buchly
Though the Thistles have played only
elght matches for the championship of,
the California Association Football
League, while the Vampires and Inde
pendents have played nine apiece, they
are one point ahead of the Vampires
and two points ahead of the Independ
ents. The Thistles, Inetependents and
Oakland Hornets will not play cham
pionship* matches to-morrow. The
standing of the teams is shown In the
table:
• California- Association Football League:
Matches. | G oala j <?
clubs; ;j| fi.f.i.S .rjf i f
Thistles* • I * I 7 0 I 1 ! M 3 ! 15
Vampires . .V.I 9 j . 6 1 2 24 4 11
Independents. ' J» t 6 2 t 2S S {¦ I.I
Athlon Rovers 8 5 4 \ H> ' 12 ! T
Oak.* Hornets 8 1 R 2 J» It} ! 4
Occidentals- .*.1O 0 H 4 » ;;r> ! i
Pickwicks 8 16 1 10 33 j U
The loss of Taylor and Smith weak
ens the California Club materially.
This will put 'each team up one. and
a new ninth team will have to be found.
The California Club line-up, "subject
to changes, to-morrow ' will " be as fol
lows: 1, J. D. MacGavin and Will Al
len; 2, Joseph Tobln and Will Taylor; 3
Frank Mitchell "and Will Collier; 4, Dr'
When the Golden Gate Club chal
lenged the California Club about three
weeks ago to a nine-team doubles
match the members of the latter club
paid little heed to it. The California
Club ' men, thinking their opponents
would have little or no show of carry
ing off the honors of such a meeting,
did not take the matter seriously. It
has since developed that the park play
ers consider their chances of winning
are good.^
The park players make a mjstake In
conceding the first four matches to
their opponents. The first match will
go to the 1 California Club surely. In
this the Baker brothers will be opposed
to MacGavin and Allen. The second
match will likewise go to the California
Club. The doubtful matches are the
third and fourth. The California Club
men expected to be represented by
either Tobin and Taylor or Mitchell and
Collier as their third team. It is doubt
ful if Taylor will play. In this case his
place will be taken by either Sherwood
Adams or R. T. Crawford.
The opposing teams in the fourth
match will be Janes and Russell and
Drs. Hill and McChesney. •
Two tennis tournaments of import
ance will.be played on the California
Club courts to-day and to-morrow.
This afternoon the mixed doubles
handicap will be completed. To-mor
row the first interclub match between
the California and Golden Gate Ten
nis clubs will be played.
Four teams are left in the mixed
doubles event and with'the handicaps
allowed some . good matches should
result. The fact .that they are,th»
teams playing from the lowest marks
shows the poorer teams were not giv
en, large enough; handicaps. In the
upper half Miss Mary Ratcliffe. and
Frank Stringham will meet Miss Bes
sie Valleau and Herbert Schmidt. The
latter will receive the smallest pos
sible odds — "owe 1-6." This handicap
will cut no figure in the outcome, as
Stringham and Miss Ratcliffe go, back
"15'J once every six games. The teams
are about evenly matched and a close
game is expected. Miss Ratcliffe and
Stringham are slight favorites. This
is undoubtedly due to the fact that
Miss Ratcliffe is stronger at the net
than Miss Valleau. Stringham and
Schmidt are about evenly matched.
In the lower. half the best teams in
the tournament are opposed to each
other and a battle royal will result.
Miss Ethel Ratcliffe and" Dr. Sumner
Hardy are "15 2-6" back .of scratch,
while Miss Hotchkiss and Will Allen
are "5-6" behind. Miss Ratcliffe and
Dr. Hardy will "owe 15" every. other
game. VThis. handicap is thought to be
about right, although in a" practice
match last Saturday Miss Hotchkiss
and Allen beat their opponents an
8-6 set. Hardy is. playing about as
well as ever and is .much stronger
than Allen. On the other- hand, Miss
Hotchkiss is considered by many a
better player than Miss Ratcliffe. It
is expected the winner of this match
will carry off the tournament honors.
Play will be called promptly at "5:30.
Mixed Doubles Finals and In
ter-Clnb Match Interest the
Racket Wielders of the Clubs
Two Matches of the California
Association Football League
to Be Decided To-3Iorro^V
TOURNAMENT PLAY
ON THE COURTS
POSTPONED GAMES
WILL BE PLAYED
EARLY STAGES IN EARLY DEVELOPMENT OF A POLO PONT. AND
THE FINISHED PRODUCT. READY TO BE PLAYED IN ANY GAME..
NO MATTER HOW FAST THE COMPANY.
Thc rapid strides which the fascinat-
At the annual meeting of the Corin-
MilWt Show Sneed of Race Horse
ami Must Carry a Heavy Man
in Scries of Fast Gallops
Lively Contest Is Promised
at Election of Directors of
San FranciseV .Yacht Club
<H\\ I.I KICATIQXS' REQUIRED
0. SHAW IS RE-ELECTED
Xearly Four Thousand Dollars
lias A Iready Been .Spent on
the Corinthian Challenger
JLounfs of the Cowboys Are
Eagerly .Scanned in Search
of Sove Suitable Material
POLO PLAYERS
FIND SUPPLY OF
PONIES SHORT
RACING YACHT
TO BE LAUNCHED
EARLY IN MARCH
BURLINGAME GLUB POLOISTS FIND A DIFFICULTY IN SECURING SUFFICIENT PONIES
the^ sanwkra^
10EDDIE HANLON, THE? CALIFORNIAN BOXER WHO DEFEATED KID BROAD OF CLEVELAND DECISIVELY
LAST NIGHT, IN MECHANICS' PAVILION^AFTER FOURTEEN ROUNDS OF DESPERATE FIGHTING. IN
t WHICH THE VISITOR; TOOK AN INCREDIBLE AMOUNT OF PUNISHMENT.
Californian Lad Lands
Countless Blows
on Adversary.
"I feel just as fresh as when
I entered the ring," said Eddie
Hanlon after the battle. "Broad
never worried me and I knew
just as soon as I got a line on
his style that victory awaited
me. He did not land one effec
tive blow, and. as you can see,
I haven't a scratch on me. He
butted me with lils-'liead in the
sixth round and that made my
eye bleed for a while. He is the
gamest man I ever met and
when he was all but out he
'stalled' and said such funny
tilings that I had to laugh. 1
can say without boasting that I
fought the best battle of my ca
reer." , ,
HANLON THINKS HE
AVON FROM OUTSET
. "Xaw, I ain't discouraged,"
said Ilroad, "and say, dbn't yon
think I made him go some? I
was in bum condition, but at
that I did the best I could. He
landed some awful wallops "on
my stomach, but I guess I dTd
not come back with a few my
self- Tim .Mc-Grath told me that
1 would surely get hurt If I
stayed any longer, so I took his
tip, but you can say for me that I
was same and ready to keep
on. He Is a great fighter and I
am willing to mix It with him
again. The next time I fight I
will be in good form and I'll win.
I am ready to begin and get
ready for another so**
BROAD IS WILLING
TO BATTLE AGAIN
Continued on Pnge 11, Column •%
Of American animals; the moose;
elk and caribou are natural trotters.
¦j, Eddie ¦ Hanlon" arid V- Champion " -. Young
Corbett \ will : box; four hot rounds, at
Coney'. Island, near Cliff " House, to-mor
row afternoon. ' .-; .¦-.• ;¦;
Corbett ancUIanlon.
VALLEJO. Jan. 20.— The Mohican arrived
at the navy-yard to-day and saluted the ad
miral's flag, this being her first visit to the
jiavy-yard , since Admiral McCalla was ap
pointed commandant. 4&'SdE£38p&tG@GtBUt6Si
The Bay City Athletic Club has peti
tioned the Supervisors for the April
permit to hold a professional boxing
exhibition.
Wants April Boxing Permit.
LOS ANGELES. Jan. * 29.— J. . F.
Morley, manager of the Los Angeles
baseball Heam," announces that he has
signed Flood - t of the Brooklyn
National League Club to play *: : second
base": next season i and Curtis •- Bernard
of, Toledo : to play in the outfield. - Thi3
completes "the team for next season.
Flood played with Sacramento three
years a go.
Morley Signs 'Two Players.
The members of the Corinthian
jYacht Club received an invitation from
the Hawaiian Yacht Club to attend its
opening. The invitation was sent
through Mr. Macfarlane, who pur
chased some time ago the schooner La
Paloma, formerly owned by W. S.
Goodfellow, the well-known attorney.
Hawalians Invite Corinthians.
PARIS. Jan. 29.— By the narrow
margin of four points Vignaux, the
French player, defeated George Sut
ton, the American, in the billiard con
test : played here to-night . and conse
quently retains the championship of
the world. The greatest interest waa
taken here in this match, not only be
cause it was a. championship contest,
but because it afforded the first op
portunity- for the public to see Vig
naux's • play, as he has ' heretofore de
clined to / participate in any public
competition for the championship
trophy, i . . ,
Vignnux Retains Championship.
STANFORD .UNIVERSITY, Jan. 29.
— The senior class baseball team de
feated the junior nine in a slow and
uninteresting game this afternoon, the
score at the end of the seven innings
played being 18 to 7. The game was
full of errors and not nearly as good
an exhibition of ball as that put up by
the sophomores and freshmen. The
final game of the interclass series will
be played between the freshmen and
the seniors next week.
Senior Nine Defeats Juniors.
PROBABLE WIHTKEKS.
First race— Sailor Knot, Xleinwood,
Bombardier.
- Second race— Arisbe, Liberty Star,
Alencon.
Third race — Glendenning-, Bay "Won
der, Mlsty'o Pride.
Fourth race — Mi«s Betty, Dnngannon,
Silent Water.
riftb. race— Soothsayer, Menaon, . Joe
X,esser. -,
? Sixtb race — Heather Honey, The I"ret
ter, Somenog.
Hanlon outclassed Broad "In" every
round except the sixth, when the Cleve
land man was at his best. He showed
a flash of championship form in this
.round and nearly dropped Hanlon. He
forced the Californian all over the ring
and punished him severely about the.
body, t He also made a good 'showing In
the seventh; round, but' that was" the
best he had to "offer. He was on ' ths
down grade f rpm '. that point ' to the , end
and It: was only' his "wide experience
In the'ring that kept him on his feet.
Several times . lie seemed on \ the verge
of going out, but the gong saved him. ,•;;!
Hanlon ".-fought the most aggressive
battle "of his career, giving his man j no"
r'esti He; delivered . countless , blows , to
the' most vulnerable points on body and
head,' but ; they did not have the power
to send Broad to the mat. TheXJall-
HANLOX: OUTCLASSES BROAD.
The fight between Eddie Hanlon and
Kid Broad last night in Mechanics' Pa
vilion came to an unexpected end dur
ing the minute's interval between the,
fourteenth and the fifteenth rounds.
Broad had been taking an incredible
amount of. punishment for several
rounds and he had weakened notice
ably under the' battering," but he was
game and came up each time with a
do or die look in his face.
When he went to his corner at the
end of the, fourteenth round Tim Mc-
Grath, who was seconding him, ad
vised that he allow his seconds to toss
a sponge into the ring, signaling that
he acknowledged defeat. Broad
averse to this at first, but as the next
round was about to i begin he agreed
and the., fight ' was stopped. He had
It announced that in the limited time
he had for training he could not get
into condition, but that he went as far
as his strength would carry him.
The spectators did not understand at
the moment what was going on In the
ring, it had all been done so quietly.
There were murmurs of discontent ' at
first, possibly from the men who had
bet on Broad, but tfiese were quickly
drowned by the applause for Hanlon.
Tim McGrath, who has had wide ex
perience as a second, saw Broad had
•no possible chance of recuperating and
it was a^ humane act to stop it when
he did and end the unnecessary pun
ishment.-- - : . •
Round 7 — Hanlon went in after Broad and
the latter tried to work In his tight uppercut
several times, but they were all blocked. Haa-
straight left to the stomach and swung hi*
left hard to the face. . Hanlon nearly ser.t
Broad through the ropes with a left and tigM
to the bodv. Hanlon set a hard pace In this
round and made the Clevelander stop his tallc-
In;. It waa Hanlon's round.
Round 3 — Hanlon continued to set a fast pace.
He tried with left swings for the head, but
received a straight right to the body. Then
followed a fierce mix. Hanlon patting right
and left to the body hard. He followed It
with left to the face and Broad swung his
right to the ear. A left swing by Hanlon
went around Broad's head and they came to
& clinch. Hanlon did some clever blocking.
Broad's blows for the face rarely landing.
Hanlon hooked bis left to the face and sent
Broad Into his (Hanlon's) corner. Hanlon
followed his advantage by driving his right
and left hard to the body. Breaking from »
mix- up Hanlon put In three hard rights to
the kidneys. He followed with two wicked
hooks to the stomach and the bell rang. Han
lon had all the better of this round. He land
ed apparently at will.
Round 4 — Broad missed two left uppercut*
for the jaw and they went to a clinch*. Broad
caught Hanlon with left on the face, but Ed
die countered with a wicked left to the stom
ach. A mix followed. Hanlon again placing
his right successively to the stomach. Han
lon then sent a straight left to the body ami
blocked all of Broad's attempts at a counter.
Broad drove in a straight right and left to th»
face and Hanlon retaliated with two rights to
the stomach. Hanlon forced Broad to th*
ropes with a right hook to the stomach and
then eent a left swing high on the head. The
pace continues very fast. They mixed It
previous to the gong. Broad getting In two
rights to the face, while Hanlon sent his right
to Broad's body. <
Round 5 — Broad riissed a left swing for tn»
Jaw and received two swings in return on th»
face. Hanlon kept J/orcing his man about th»
ring, putting in several wicked left* and rights
to the stomach. Broad got back at the Call
fornlan with a straight right to the jaw. Han
lon was not disturbed, however, and kept forc
ing Broad about the ring, forcing him to cover
up. Broad missed a right • for the fac» and
Hanlon also missed two for the same place.
Then followed a mix-up. Referee Grtggalns
parting the men. Another mix followed In
which honors were even, both landing tome
telling blows. The round ended with th» men
In a mlx^up. The pace continued fast. Han
lon showing no signs of letting up.
Round 6 — Broad opened with a right awing
to the head and. after some sparring. Hanlon
gave htm a similar dose. Hanlon blocked'nev
eral wicked lefts to the face. Broad then
uppercut Hanlort with right to the face, draw-
Ing blood, the 'first of the fight. Broad
straightened Hanlon with wicked rights to the
fac-. Hanlon then bored In. playing for th«
body. Broad caught Hanlnn another terrific
light uppercut to the Jaw, dazing Hanlon. ' He
followed this with three similar punches,
forcing Hanlon to cover ' up. It looked a bit
bad for Hanlon at this stage. 4 the bell rtngtng
with Eddie stalling. Hanlon went to hla cor
ner steadily, however, and appeared no worse
for the terrific right uppercuts that caught
him on the point of the Jaw. It was Broad's
round. ' .
ter played for the Jaw and face. Hanlon
bored In trying to land: rlftht and left for th»
face and stomach. Flnall'- Hanlon drove a
one-mile events in the automobile
tournament were run here this after
noon and. two of the five-mile contests.
It was, a field day for W. K. Vander
bilt Jr., who won every race in which
he entered. In the one-mile class he
beat Brokaw, , Breeze and Bowden,
winning the final heat in :47 3-5. Bow
den won the 56-second class, one mile,
in the final heat in :50 4-5. The best
time in this. race was made by Bow
den, in the first heal, :48. . In the five-,
mile for amateurs Mr. Vanderbilt won,
his best time being 3:34 3-5. He also
won in the five-mile free for all, with
a record time of 3:31 3-5. '
The course was in good condition
and the attendance large.
A summary of other events to-day follows: • .
Ope mile, class A, one heat — H. A. Bowden
won. Time, :C2 2-5. . iJ
One mile, 50-seeonds class— Bowden won
final heat. Time. :50 3-5, • , - ;
One mile, for motorcycles— A. W. Curtis won.
Time. :59 1-5.
Five miles, . free 'for all — Final won by W.
K. Vanderbilt Jr. Time. 3:31 3-5.
Kive-mile "handicap— Won ¦ by S. B." Levens.-
Time, 4:00 2-5.
The automobile races to-morrow will be at
ten, twenty and. fifty miles. W, K. Vander
bilt Jr. and others will try for world's records
on Monday. . ;
Captures /Every Event in Which He
Starts at the Florida Tour- •
nament.
ORMOND, Fla., Jan. 29.— All the
VAXDEKBILT A WINNER
IN AUTOMOBILE RACES
As a party of men was descending
in the elevator in the Pioneer building,
Fourth street, last night the t safety
clutch broke and a serious accident waa
miraculously averted. The cage stuck
between floors and its occupants had
to make their escape through the top.
There were twelve men in the ele
vator at the time of the accident and
several had been attending a Foresters*
meeting In the hall. The names of
some of those that were In the elevator
and who crawled out to safety are J.
Newbert, Tom Doran, H. Welch and
Messrs. Bellew, Bowlan, McDow and
Clancey.
Twelve Men Arc Compelled to Climb
to Safety Through the Top
of the Cage. •
ELEVATOR IN* THE PIONEER
BUILDING COMES TO GRIEF
Fourth race — One and an eighth miles; three
yrar-old fillies; California Oaks; purse 12000:
5703 Miss Betty (Ferguson) 112
(5571) Anlrad (Coffey) ..-••¦ JJ2
.... Cap and Gown (Rowell) 112
5M9 Red Cross Nurse (Brown) 112
5450 Mies May Bowdish (Blasingame) 10a
S&SO Silent Water (Smith) ..112
5847 Kthel Abbott (Miller) 112
(5K50) Moalta Blanchl & Co) 112
5S4» Dunsannon (Knebelkamp) 112
Fifth race— One and a sixteenth mileg; three
year-olds and up: handicap: " V.ll"
C15S Incubator (Van Meter) 102
SR25 Jf>e Lesser (Beams) «»
6717 Horatlus (McAle«ter). . : 100
r.S4!» Soothsayer (Lamasney Bros.).... 101
(5K1J1) Mendon (Dayton & Co.) 97
• G875 Btllicho (Jennings & Co.).- ..102
Sixth race — One mile and fifty yards; four
year-old* and up: rellinK:
(5728) Heather Honey (f^-ach) 09
%«S2 Golden LJtrht (McCafferty) lot
-f»«75 Rosarle «Chaj>p*lle) 115
SR72 Chlleno (Blasingame) .102
r,S7.1 Harry Bw* (Lynch & Co.).. 10ft
(-,704) Bomenos (Henxhall) ..,100
&ST3 The Frctter (O'Rourke) •••••• ;™7
• Apprentice allowance.
•WASHINGTON Jan. 2fl. — The Twelfth In- .
fantry 'now at Salt Uike City, has been
de«"-nBted to relieve the Twenty-ninth In
fantry from duty la (he ¦ Philippines.'
Third race — Futurity course; four-year-old*
and upward; selling:
5S74 St. Wlnifrid> (Painter) .»••
5«C9 *Mlcty's Pride (Jones) »-
CS24 'Royal White (Lloyd) »J>
5058 "Xarra G (Mulkey) 0-
SC7f) 'Laura F M (Mlllin) 8S
671*0 Capable (Moshier & Co.) 05
5840 Sim W (McCafferty) W
(P«93)»Glend*nning (Hammond) 08
(5S83)*Bay Wonder (Newman) 0 1
Second race— Four, furlongs; two-year-olds;
P . U . 1^ C Tar Flat (San Joaquln Stable) .......107
<Tarcoola-Noma.)
(57!>9)Arlebe (Napa Stock Farm) Ill
D8S». Edith Vice (Hlldreth) 101
5751 Liberty Star (Rowell) 10t
5S35 Lily Goldlnsr (Collins) JOJ
Alencon (Young) : HO
fSt. Caxlo-Gcld Lace.)
6R35 Mogregor (Blanch! & Co.) 114
5K15 Bill Short (Dobson) M3
58» Sea Air (Miller) 10*
5S35 Eduardo (Burns & Waterhouse) 104
ENTRIES FOR TO-DAY.
First race — Six furlongs; three-year-olds;
pelting: . ,-,.
r>862 'George Berry O3c*ttger & Co.) 10-
&S«2 'Waterspout f Smith) i<«
5433 »The Jew (Wilson) JJ«
f5Ci4)*Lemolr* (Blaslnrame) ¦••-•• 19},
5762 Ru via (Garden City 'Stable) Kri
5K8-1 'Harbor (Kowell) vJ
5862 Bombardier (Skinner) 104
5M4 LuFtlg (Schrelber) /"X'tXi
5.107 Pallor Knot (Daly) 1"7
5.1(57 'Vausnan (Mrs. Hertzell) 0«
5S71 Klelnwocd (Moshier & Co.) 112
there were any and it is doubtful, mis
carried, for Telephone was bothered at
the first turn and Namtor won all the
way. Some years ago Hedley dropped
the starter's flag at Gloucester for a
short season, but his work was unsat
isfactory. The case is up before the
stewards.
The California Oaks will furnish the
feature event at Oakland this after
noon. Nine fillies are carded to face
the barrier, and as they are well classed
the prospects of an excellent contest
are brisht.
Entries for Monday's running events
at Ingleside close at both tracks to-day
at 11 a. m.
Round 2— Broad Jabbed left to the face.
They again mixed it and Broad staggered Ed
die with a straight right to the body. Broad
kept up a running conversation. In another
mix Hanlon drove three hard . rights to • the
Kid's kidneys which made the €Heveland boy
wince. Hanlon lunged out . with right and
left and - caught Broad on the ribs. .They
went at it hammer and tongs. Hanlon pepper
ir.e Broad's stomach and body, while the lat-
"Round 1— Broad wa» first to lead. He was
short with left for the head and then they
mixed It. . both hammering viciously at each
ether's body. Broad finally swung hla left
hard to the ribs and followed It with & left
high on the head. Hanlon missed a straight
left for the Jaw. Hanlon kept himselr covered
well. . but It . waa noticeable that he had
changed his tactics considerably over his prev
ious fights. Hanlon forced Broad . into a neu
tral corner and' planted right and left hard to
the body. Hanlon tent bia right to the kid
neys and a moment later a well directed left
caught ' Broad on . the face. Hanlon protected
himself well. They fought hard In a -mix-up,
both grettlng rights : to the body. Hanlon.
however, had the better of It. The bell rang
at this stage. Hanlon had a shade the better
of the round. ..,
The following is a description of the
Kanlon-Broad fight by rounds as seen
by an expert at the ringside:
Fight of Light w eights by Rounds
Tells Story of Broad's Defeat.
HAXLOX ASSUMES EARLY' LEAD.
The attendance was light, thjere, be
ing long rows of vacant seats visible
in both the gallery and the main floor.
Broad, whose face is a huge joke,
kept Hanlon busy listening to his wit
ticisms for a time. As he began to tire
his funny remarks came less frequently
and gradually stopped. He tried to
laugh near, the end of the fight, but his
face would not respond to his desire
and the effort was a failure. His lips
were puffed and he had a generally
battered up appearance.
Hanlon had a much fresher appear
ance than when he met Young Corbett
and looked considerably heavier than
his opponent. He was in excellent con
dition, although his punching powers
must be on the wane or he would have
stopped Broad in the earlier stages of
the contest. /
Hanlon was seconded by Harry Fo
ley, Billy Delaney, Fred . Landers and
Toby Irwin. Broad had Tim McGrath,
Cyclone Kelly and Billy "West ' In his
corner. There was a hitch over the
question of a' referee, but Broad finally
agreed to Gregrgains. Jimmy Britt and
Young Corbett were the only celebrities
presented to the spectators. Both were
warmly greeted.
BROAD'S FUNNY FACE.
Broad got a right and left to the body
early in the opening round, which
seemed to take whatever steam he had
out of his blows. For the first five
rounds there was no sting In them anJ
Hanlon took one occasionally when he
saw a chance to give a harder one in
return.
fornian's marvelous defense was in evi
dence throughout the contest. His
arms shed most of Broad's blows, few
getting inside his defense. Broad
butted him over the left eye in the sen
sational sixth round and the wound
bled freely for a time. This gave him
a ghastly look until his seconds stopped
the flow of blood. Broad tried repeat
edly to open the wound, but without
success.
Fourth race, handicap, six and a half fur
longs — Mad Mullah won. Preaknees second,
Katie Powers third. Time. 1:24 2-5.
Fifth race, one mile and seventy yards, s;Il
ing — Uranium won, Santa Teresa second. Lady
Mistake third. Time, 1:52 1-5.
Sixth race, one and three-sixteenth miles,
selling — Rankln won. Arden second, Lou Woods
third. Time. 2:00 1-5.
Third race, one mlel and seventy yards —
Erbe won, Trocadero second, Mauser third.
Time, 1:51.
First race, seven furlongs— Safeguard won,
Thorneycroft second, Russell Garth third.
Time, 1:32 4-5.
Second race, six furlongs — Mra. Frank Fos
ter won. Presentation ¦ second, Zyra third.
Time. 1:18 2-5.
NEW ORLEANS, Jan. 29.— Crescent City
summary:
NEW ORLEANS RACE RESULTS.
OAKtAHD BACETBACK— FRIDAY. Jan. 29. — Weather fine. Trade-fast. ¦£> ' ,- f
5SS2. FIRST RACE— Six and a half furlongs; selling; 4-year-olds and up; to first. $325.
Index 7~ Horse- and Owner.- . . - W*St. »4 -v hi- «i. Str. fin. \Jock«y.' r , Op. )r Ct. *
S750 Scotsman. 1 (Jennings & Co.) 104 0 . . . ? 3 1U.1. % in i J. Martin.-. 5-2 : ll-o! • ¦*
C7u0 IMlmo. 4 ,<P. Sheridan): ...... 102 3 . . . 1. % 2 % 2 1 2 1 fCunB :,.:.'. " 8-5:11-5'
CS.1t> IGoHen Light." C . (McCafferty)llO2 1 ".. . 4 Ti * n 4 2 35 Oliphant .. "11-5 h ! 2 t
P7SB |Mesto. 4 (A. Schultz). ;.. .?.. .H06 S On 6n «h 4 2 Bell . ." . .. - 30 *¦ 40^
|AHa I > ecgy. 4- (San Joaquin>.|10S 7 .j. 7 h 7 h R n 5 n J T. Shehn CO . 10O
r.70-4 |Erforza.io. 4'(Brydn & Co.1". .1lQ4 5 r ..\^\h 3 'J 3 l^iB 1 • Hlldebrantt. - «i> \ 30 .
C105 lEdra. 4 (\V.; M. Rowley) UJ » ••• 8 n S h 8 1*7 % A.j'PowelK. ICO 'p00 i
f.S4C iDand'.c Belle, « (Winter Co.);J05|10 ... 9 % 'J it 7 >i 8 1 Hr> Stuart!. 00 ' 100 5
5175 jLlght BraidUC (G. NevlnK^.J107| 2-. 10 10 . 9 9 ¦ McBride ,\. lOD'^iriO"
IColonel Roosevelt, a (G.Davls)|lo0| 4 ... 5 2 5 h Pulled up (Larsen ."'..-.[ 8
Time-':24. :4S>*. 1:1»H. 1:21^. - At - post 3>£, minutes. Off at 2:15^. Scotsman . -plKce,
•4-5: enow. -l-a. Mimo. placf.. 4-5: show, 2-5. Light, show. 1-1. Winner.br, k. by, St.,.
Andrev.-Xo Name. Trained by W. B. Jennings. .Scratched — First Chip. Start, good. •
Won in a hard drive of throe. Mima' went to the post lame. • With this disadvantage ho -
might have won had Kunz not drawn his whip at the paddock, losing ground In doing.
«o. Scotsman had worked neven. furlpjigs J.o. 1:27 '.£. Oliphant should, ride two or three
more races like that on Golden Light. , It will Increase his popularity. Esforzado cut
off^ on back stretch by winner. Roosevelt broke down again. . '• .• '
r.N-.::. SEXroXD RACB^-Futurlty course; sell Ing;* 3-year-olds and up; value to first.- $325.' ;.
Index Horee and Owner. • ,UVt|St. V* - ' M- %: Str. Fin. | Jockey. N Cl.
RS24 Bay Wonacr;- 4 (Newman).. ..ill0| (\ . ... 4 l\44 1^2 I K iOUpnanT .. 4-5 4-5 '
BMW Bell Retd. 4 (J. T. Collins). .|10«' 2 ... 2 1Vj2 2 "l n' 2 n |Larsln .... 10 \h'U
r,77(S ! Modder. C (Buckholtz & Co.)|llS! 7 .. . . 6h «h 6 h 3 2'A H.. Stuart. . 10 12
ft740 iWatorpower. 5 (H. Stovert . . . MS 4 . . . 72 5n 4n 4n See ........ 12 25
5850 jTargrette. 3 (D. S. Fountain). .| 02| 3. . .. In 1 2>42 % 5 JA Htldebrand 4 6
5«U4 IStandard. 3 (J. J. McAleste«*| »2| 9 ... 8 % 8 3 7 2 6 5 Kunz ...... ¦ 15 25
r»S34 jHoceo. 3 (Photo Stable) 1102 8' ... 5 1W7 2 8 2 7 %«' J Martin.- 12. .25.
6S34 lHarbor. 3 (H. E. Rowell) H7 10 .... 10 9 2 6 2 8 3, Travers ..* 12 10 v
tS4(5 The Miller, a (G. P. McNeil) 115 5 ... 9 3 10 10 9 4 F Kelly... "'30 40."
S73S jSaul of Tarsus, a (Walz) 115 1 - ..'. 3 2 3 %¦> 9 1 10 . Bullman .. ,10 15* •
Time— :24»4. :48H. 1:11. At post H minute. Off at 2:41%.- .Wonder, place, 1-3: show, .
out. Reed, place. 0: show. 2. Modder. show 7-5. Winner -b g." by Lord Dalmeny- .
Faithless. Trained by IL F. Newman. Scra'tched— Gene Handlan., Narra G." Start
good. Won handily. Next two driving. Winner, outfooted the lirst part, sneezed In. .
Bell Reed raft pamely. Away better, Modder. would have been second. Waterpower ran
poorly. Tarpette quit. Hoceo sulks. . Saul of Tarsus broke down.
5.SS4.' THIRD RACE — One and an eighth miles; celling: 3-year-olds and jip; to first; $325.-,
Index I Horse and Owner. Wt St. K . \i~. %. Str. Fin. Jockey. ' Op. i Cl .
W3S ,'ChSckadpe 5 (McCafferty) 101 4 1 % l.h 1 h 2 2V-1 % Foley ..... 4 . .4 /
5W8 iBilly Moore, a (T. T. Rector). 100 2 5.V& 5'tt 3 h'-3 »i"2 1 Kunz ..-8 ' "8"
5777 (Mr. Dingle. 4 (S. Judge) 9$ 9 2 h 2 l»42mi h 3 M Hildebrand . 4 7-2 '
58&J Carilee. 6 (Appleby & Co.).. 08 7 3 ?; 3 n 4 1H4 1 4 «4 ¦ T. Butler.. 10 20 ,
5S-J6 ! Searcher. 6 (Partlngton) 105 3 7 2%7 4 aiy&6i£6 5 (Henderson - 7-2 23-5
f«85S Norford. 6 (C. H. French). ..! 103 1 44 41 72 62 65 |J* Gruwell. 20 40 .
5M3 Augie. 5 tCapps & Co.) 100 6 6n ei^t 7 3 7 1% Larsen 10 9
•¦iTOO Expedient, a (P. E. Smith). . [107 R 10 h 10 1 0 1 9 4 8.2 Bozeman .. 5. 5
5742 [Grand Sachem, a (Moran)... »3 5 9 2"49 1^8 2 8n 9 6 Crosswaite 20 T 60
5K36 ITamm 4 (W. P. Magrane)... 101.10 11 11 11 . 10 5 10 4 IW. Coleman 15 : 40
5S50 JForest Fire. 3 (McCabe) 84 11 8 IVjS H10 n 11 ,11 |Vandrbout 40' 50:'
Time— :24H. :49H. 1:15>4. 1:42. 1:54^. At post 1 minute. Off at 3:07. Chickadee, place,
S-5; show. 4-5. "Moore, place 4; show, 2. Dingle, show. 7-10 Winner b. m. by Sir
Modred or Duncomhe-Sabilla. Trained by C. McCafferty. Scratched— Donator. No
Friend. Tom King/ley. Start good. Won In a hard drive of three. Chickadee was lame
again to-day, was bet on and turned & tilpflap. So It goes. Hildebrand lost a stirrup
for a way. Dingle can do better in the mud. Searcher a poor betting proposition.
Augie ran a tame race. Expedient, had no speed. ¦
3SS5. FOURTH RACE — Six and a half furlongs: handicap; 3-year-olds & up; to first. $400.
Index I Hone and Owner. WtlSt. Vi . H^ %. Str. Fin. j Jockey. Op. CL.
(SSlSHlrldlOs. 4 (W. B. Jennings).. 115 2 In 11 1 .1^1 1*41 % J Martin.. 11-5. 11-5
(5S02)l Princess Tltanla «J (Mlllin).. 105 3 3 >i 2 n 3 1%2 Vt 2 IVj Oliphant .. •, 3 18-5,
<r)S39)!Futurita.. 4 (W. " H Kraft). . .1 »5 1 2 1'.43 1%2 h *3 2^.34 Hildebrand ;. v2- 2/
5S13 Albula 6 (Lamasney Broe.). .|103 4 4 142 4 2 4 1 ~4 % ' C Kelly... 7 12
5561 iByron Rose, a (R. Wilson). .|10» 5 5 5 5- ' 5- 5 ¦ Larsen .... ' V 8 10<-
Time — :23, :47. 1:12^4, l:19«,i. At post 7V, minutes. Off at 3:49.- : Irldius,- place, .7-10; show,
out. Tltanla, place, 1; show. 2-5. Futurlta. show. out. >¦ Winner. :. b. . h. by - Golden*
Garter-Iris. Trained by W. B.' Jennings. Start. good. Won' ridden out. \ Next 'two '
driving. With a stronger ride the Princess would have- ; w'on.'- Futurita ¦ was 1 , rated."
This may have been good Judgment. Byron Rose can do 'better than thia/ • "Lucky"
Kelly rode Albula. ; ¦¦ ' ¦ -.. • . •¦ - . • . /- , .',-.
5SS0. FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; purs^; 3- year-olds; v , value to, first. $325. .: ¦" "
Ind<>x| Horse and Owner. iWtlSt. V». %. %. Str.. Fin. Jockey.' ! Op. . Cl.
(4">7)iToleda (Burns & Waterhouse) 115 3 ... 3 2 . 3,.1%3 2' 1 % Bell . ,. 7-2 . 2 .
5X71 |Young Pepper (F. O'Rourke) 100 1 ... 12 12 1 1 *£2 Vt 3. . T. Shehn 12 30 v
575.1 Dick Turpin (F. Reagan) 112 2 ... 2 2 2 2 2 Vt 3 h Wonderly . .. 1 6-5 "
• Bill Curtis (H. T. Griffin) 112 4 ... 4 6 4 10 4 12 4 15 ] Burns 13-5 7-2
Hulford (H. Stover) 104"! 5 ... 6 5n 5 >i 5 3«. Reed 40 200
JMasked Ball <M. J. Murray).. 109| 6 ... 5 h 6 6 6 |W. Narvaez 100 SCO
Time — :23»i :48 1:13. At post 2 minutes. Off at 4:12. Toledo, place, 3-5; show. out.
Pepper, place. 6; show C-5. Turpin. show. out. Winner, ch. c. by Altamax-Talluda.
Trained by C. T. Patterson. Scratched — Hugh McGowan. Modred. Start fair. Won
handily-. ' Next three driving hard. And Young Pepper outfooted Dick Turpin the first
quarter! Otto Wonderly. this is too wonderfully wonderful to believe. Still there la
the record. Pepper had an unfashionable rider up to-day. Toledo was rated well and
did the trick. Bill Curtis was outfooted. Hulford may do in cheaper company. »Los
Angeles index (5T.;t;t. .. ..._... .,_ . -_-_-j. .
3SS7. SIXTH RACE — One mile; selling; 4-year-olds and up: value to first, $325.
Index Horse and Owner. IWtlSt. >.* • Vi- %• Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
58% Gawaine C (W. E. Cotton).. 102 3 13 111 2%1 2%1 ns Hildebrand **6 0
(5812) Oro Viva 4 (Ward & Co.).. . 105 6 51 5%6h 3 3 2 2 Mi Travers ... 5 9-2
(5S.%)|F. Woods a (Garden City S.) 107 8 10 10 0 1 4 h 3 1 >j H. Stuart.. 5 9
(58CO)!E1 Plloto '6 (H. W. Hoag) 107 4 3 % 2 h 2 1^2 n 4 h J. Martin.. 4 9-2
(SS."S6)]Lady Kent a (T. Wellman).. 100 1 C 1^6 h 5 h On 5 1 Oliphant .. « 10
5S.T8 IB1I1 Maspie. « (McAIeMer) 102 9 7 h 7 2 7 IP h « 2% Larsen ...: 5 9-2
r.S63 ! Achilles 5 (J. J McCabe) 105J10 8 2 8 2 8 »,£ 9 1 7 4 C. Smith... 12 20.'
5S38 JKitty Kelly, a (Stanfield).. . . 105J 2 2 h 4 1%4 1 5 % 8 % Burns 5 7
SMI IFille d'Or a (G. D. Kenyon). 100 5 9 1 9 h 10 10 9 2 Kunz 30 40
fiSir. iFlaneur. 6 (C. McCafferty)... 102| 7 4 1^3 1 3 \i 7 n 10 Foley 6 8
Time — :24. :iU%. 1:13% 1:39*4. At poet 2 minutes. Off at 4:33. Gawaine, place. 3; show,
3-2 Viva, place 2; show, 1. Woods, show. 2. Winner, b. g. by • Florist-Glenda.
Trained by W. E. Cotton. Scratched — The Stewardess. Constellator. Start good. Won
in a hard drive of three. Last time Gawaine started Hildebrand played retrogression.
To-day progression. Oro Viva with a stronger ride would have won. *'r>.nk Woods une
in getting up. Piloto quit. Lady Kent beautifully messed about. She ran an excellent
race under disadvantages. Flaneur retired early. Kitty Kelly won't do. Bill Massie
and Larsen got lost somewhere on the road.
Sixth race, one mile, selling — Sir Hugh 126
(Phillips). 3 to 1. won: Buccleuth 136 (J. Bo
land), even, second; Martin Brady 120 (Red
fern). 0 to 1. third. Time, 1:43 . Fanner Jim,
Gibraltar and San Lutlon also ran.
Third race, one. and a sixteenth miles, sell
ing-rRas •¦Tag'- 108 (Spencer).- '2 . to . 1. '.won;
Montana Peeress 1)8- (Lawrence); 7- -tb l,.-see^
ond; Cloche d'Or B.T 1 (Anderson).' 10 to 1. third.
Time. 1:48H. Dodle S and The Goldflnder also
ran. • •..-.. .
Fourth race, seven furlongs, selling — Mllas
113 (Dpnovan). 8 to 1. won; Athelrose 05 (An
derson), 5 to 1. second; Phyz 100 (Lawrence),
4 to 1, third. Time, 1:2J>. Gray Morn. Rio
Chlco. J. V. Klrby. Iras and Flourish also ran.
Fifth race, five furlongs, selling — MareBa 110
(Pryor). 15 to 1. won; Taxman 115 (E. Robert
son), 9 to 2. second; Cardwellton 111 (J. Bo
land). 16 to 5. third. Time.' 1:01%. Katherlne
Ennls, MacFlecknoe. Hilary. Harry B S.
•Scepter, Mmeora, .Nona-U.* Agnea Mack and
Madam Bishop also ran; ?'*-•»¦- *-..»»
> Second race, one mlle.^aelHngr-r- For. Lake 102
(J. I^ewis). 7 to 2. won; Columbia Qirl 9S (»I:
Johnson), ft: to' 1, second; Elie 10T (Btrke'n-:
.ruth), 2 to . 1. third. " ( Time. ¦ 1 :~tX '¦¦ Rosserlc;
Strife, Foxy Grandpa and Susie Christian als-o
ran. " . .••. ¦. • -.' <*•' '' ~ '/.-r" ' r .'¦¦¦-.'...' ::. : •
First race. seven '.furlongs, •', selling— OHvrtd
02 (J. Booker) 5 to- 1, ¦; won; All About. 100
(Felcht) '2 to 1 seconds Ping. 105 UDonovau).'
7 to 2,'third. Time. 1:2OV4. Ulm, Tloleta.
Major Hooker. Gillesple, g Estado and Profit-,
able also ran. . . • -. ¦ - .\, v.n
Sir Hugh took the last race from the
red-hot favorite Buccleuth, Martin
Brady third. Farmer Jim was strongly
supported, but finished a poor fifth. . .; ¦.
Weather fine, track good. Results:"/ ;
Elie was, made favorite in the second*
but lost to Fox .Lake- and "Columbia
Girl. Foxy Grandpa finished second In
this race, but was disqualified; for foul T
ing Columbia Girl,' and' J.' Booker was
fined $25 for his rough work. ¦ ;
•^The. Goidfinder : plunged on 'to
wlrx the third, but finished outside tfye"
money.^ Rag Tag proved much the best,
winning easily. Montana. Peeress was
second and Cloche d'Qr third. ' .
Milas, at 8 to 1, beat an ordinary field
in the fourth, Athelrose second, Phyz
third. J. V. Kirby, the favorite, finished
poorly. . • ' ; . 'r ' : !
A field of fourteen platers lined up
for the fifth, with Cardwellton favorite.
Maresa, at 15 to 1, was the best, win
ning . handily, Taxman second, Card
wellton third. .:.'
LOS ANGELES, Jan.j^j^Favorltej
fell' with 'unfailing, regularity' at "Ascot
Park to-day/ and. the'-, thirteen -books
mJatle a clean sweep. Not a sihglevfa
vorite' finished/ first, vaithoiigh-; some
well -played' second . choices vwere , suc
cessful. There '.was a good' ."^Friday
crowd present • and the betting was
lively.- . : i >\?-*?s. ¦ ' • '- ¦
All About • was ; the first •' favorite
bowled over, OH vilo winning the: seven
furlongs selling, All About second, Ping
third. : , ' .¦¦¦.¦'¦-'• I
The Gbldfindcrlsj On
.* to A\4n the Eveiit, btii
;. Fails \ 'to JiM Irisidci' Money
¦ ' < • —^ — — . ; ¦ - j ¦ / ,
miiESA IE ARNS g BRACKETS
Not «i Single. ! Favorite : Finishes
"First.; {Alttiougii^Soine Wellf
- -Played Second- Choices* Land
'imes been an athlete, an actor and
a starter of horses, and Harry Rqbin
tnn, trainer of Optimo, Mr. Phinzy and
other horses, appear to have got them
selyei in a pretty entanglement that
nay cause each some embarrassment.
The troubles of the two turfmen have
furnished rich gos.sip for the regulars
ihe lust three c-r four day8. Hedley
was known as "the. Australian." and
i;Md down fome very heavy -wagers on
'"ilf'erent occasions. Last Monday he
cave Robinson $1000 to be bet as he
supposed for the owners of Namtor and
Iioeaiie on Telephone. Robinson says
he took the money to bet on Telephone
Tor Bob Smith. ' Besides this sum. Hed-
Ipy went to the track and played }2000
adlitional on Telephone. The plane, if
while fn others he drops" bafck in the
?)U!Hjh and waits there — sometimes too
long.
Kins Hedley, who has at different
Yuiing t£orbett (William Rothwell),
the 'feather-weight champion, spent a
very pleasant afternoon at the races.
He negan with a $1000 wager on Scots
man, aryi followed this up by other big
be,t£ on Bay W Aider, Chickadee, Iridius
and* Toledo. In all his winnings must
have amounted to $10,000 or more.
Tommy Griffin departed for Los An
geles iart evening. He left his good colt
KM Curtis in Billy Cahill's charge. * \,
Ja£k Martin piloted two winners, the
day's record.
Saul *J. Tarsus came out of his race
with bowed tendon.
_On Friday. January 22. Young Pep
£er started in a race and the three-year
olu's trainer thought him a certainty,
as he had previously worked a mile in
1:41*4. The race was won by The Cure,
v.itn' Young Pepper, a 7 to 5 choice, fin
ishing fourth. Hildebrand did the pilot
ing; ard^t was about the worst exhibi
tion of riding eeen at Oakland this sea
eon. It might be interesting to know
wbyJn Borne races Hildebrand goes out
ki front and waits with his mounts,
"Walter Jennings annexed another
handicap, his bay horse Iridius, carry
ing 115 pounds and a second choice in
the betting, disposing of Princess Tita
niafor the six and a half furlong fix
ture- ' Kuturita, with 95 pounds on her
backi was favorite at twos, but Hilde
brand contented himself with rating
her the first part of it. and she finished
third. Princess Titania made a good
bid for it, and with a stronger rider in
th" saddle than Oliphant might have
v.ok. As it was, Martin astride Iridius
I>ut up the more polished and powerful
r ; ie, gett-ng the decision by half a
lei gth in 1:19*4-
Gawaine. which should travel with
sir consolidated shows exhibiting under
«ne gigantic canvas, dropped in ff-st
again in the afterpiece, at one mile. The
odds were fruitful. 9 to 1 at different
timss being obtainable. Hildebrand
n.ade. no mistakes either, keeping the
outsider in front all the way, and in a
lonjj '"Jrjve being awarded a nose ver
dict "over Oro Viva. Frank Woods' odds
vent from 5 to 10 and he ran third.
NOTES OF THE TRACK.
Favorites agrain had a hard row to
hoe. Bay Wonder standing: out as the
h ;ie successful one. The longest
priced winner was Gawaine, a 9 to 1
shot. The weather was warm and the
track lightning fast.
<5olden Light, from the McCafferty
barn, closed favorite over Jlimo and
Scotsman for the opening sprint, but
received such "a meek, mild ride that
h«? finished third. Mimo went to the
pqst lame and in a hard drive Jack
Martin, on Scotsman, outfinished
K«jnz, beating him half a length.
Colonel Roosevelt started for the first
time in many moons and. fairly well
backed at S and 10 to 1, broke down.
A softer sr>ot could not have been
found- for Bay Wonder than the Fu
turity course run following. As good
as even money could be had about the
Texas bred sprinter and he won gal
loping from Bell Reed and Modder.
Turgrette did his usual stunt out in the
lead 1 for five furlongs and then retired.
There can't be two Chickadees, for
th<» one starting In the mile and a
furlong event yesterday was labeled
same as the one that lined up a few
days' ago, only blessed with more
Kpo.ed. If there are two Chickadees
somebody didn't forget to set the coin
in on this Chickadee the second, for
the price fell from 4% to 1 to 18 to 5.
This is not startling, but for the fact
that Mr. Dinsrle and Searcher were
weH played. Foley rode Chickadee,
an* leading from start to finish,
do\vn#d Billy Moore in a drive. Mr.
Dinsrle ran a fair third.
Otto Worderly and Dick Turpin
jiM'v. J the ruination of bettors who fa
vor, short-priced ones, in the three
yoar-old event at Oakland yesterday.
¦VYonderly is ono of the fashionable rid
ers of the East who has played in all
.^orts <jf ill luck hero, such as breaking
stirrups and falling off horses, and
Dk-k Turpin is a very speedy colt from
•New York ftate. The distance to be
run was six furlongs, and as the ad
mirers of : Turpin predicted he would
cover the distance in 1:12%. if neces
sary, everybody wanted to hold a
pasteboard on him. and were accom
modated by the bookmakers at the
ratio of € vrrsus 5. To the amazement
«>f all. Young Pepper, a 30 to 1 shot,
:ook the track away from the favor
ite and actually outran him all the
way. At least YVonderly dropped in
behind the outsider, thinking: no doubt
he could pick up the pace when ready.
Everybody gets fooled once in a while,
ind at the wire Wonderly and his
mount finished third. Bell, who ap
1-ears to have regained his Ingleside
form, rode Toledo in the race. It was
tie first appearance on any stage this
reason of the Burns & Waterhouse
co":. but his friends did not let him
run loose. The odds were forced down
from 34 to 2 to 1, and as Youngr Pep
|fer tired Bell dropped along with To
ledo, winning by almost a length in
1:1?, Bill -Curtis, the "Los Angeles
Hindoo," was a starter, and, outfooted
during the early part of the race, fin
ished a useful fourth.
Jennings' Iridius Fin
ishes in Front for .
the Handicap.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
OTTO WONDERLY, ASTRIDE DICK TURPIN,
IS THIRD TO TOLEDO AND YOUNG PEPPER
PENCILERS MAKE
A CLEAN SWEEP
AT ASCOT PARK
BOXER KID BROAD'S SECONDS TOSS UP THE SPONGE HUMANELY IN FIFTEENTH ROUND
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, v SATURDAY, JANUARY 30, 1904.
EDDIE HANLON FIGHTS CLEVELAND MAN
TO A STANDSTILL IN DECISIVE FASHION
11THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 30, 1004.
12
EMPLOYMEST WASTED— FEMALE.
A RELIABLE woman would like any kind I «T
housework or chamNrwork by the U«y. tail
cr address MRS. I- LEECH. Brunswick
I Iou»e. US Sixth st. ¦
GERMAN graduated teacher wishes position la
school or as governed orcomv^nlon: also
teaches French. A duress F. HIRSCH. Irv-
lngton. A lamed* County.
NURSE girl, experienced, desires place ont-
slde city, Berkeley or Vallejo preferred: good
references. Bo- 976. a11 -
NEAT steady woman would like housework in
American family; good plain cook. 16U
. Miss-ion st.
COOK first class In mil styles of French and
German cooking, wishes situation In private
boardlng-tiouse. Box 8S6. CalL
A POSITION wanted for a German girl to
take care of children. Call or address 5.S
Twentieth «t.. Oakland.
TOUNO lady desires Dosltion In bakery or m
cashier where she can room and boaM. •-
Ninth st. .
A MIDDLE-AGED lady would liks position as
housekeeper. Call between 8 and 12 a. m. or
address 3153 Twenty-third st.
JAPANESE drl would like a situation to do
light housework and cook In a small family;
speaks good English. Box 974. Call.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch Office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
WAJ»T ads and subscriptions taken for Th«
Call at Eaton's Baxaar. 633 McAllister st.
A BRANCH office cf The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions ha»
been opened at 1008 Market st-. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m, -. - ,
EMPLOYMENT WASTED MALE.
RELIABLE German, handy with tools, wishes
position as all round man on private place,
hotel or Institution; furnishes own tools; best
of references. Box 757. Call office.
HANDY man.- upholstering, painting-, carpen-
tering and all around work, wants situation
In country hotel, private or institution. Box
755. Call office. •
A SITUATION as porter wanted by strons
man, 27, or at any outdoor work: best refer-
ences as to honesty, sobriety, etc. A. BEN-
NEWIZ. 18C2 Geary st.
CLERICAL position wanted by capable younff
man; operates typewriter; Al city references;
salary no object where opportunity for. ad-
va ncement exists. Box ~ZQ. Call office.
A* BRIGHT, experienced boy wants a position
as elevator boy in hotel or apartment house;
day or night. HENRY. 1*^33 Pine st. ; phone
Polk 3666.
SITUATION desired by middle-aged man and
wife on ranch or private family; late stew-
ard and stewardess on ship: English. Ad-
dress A. TUCKER, 210 East st.. city.
GERMAN, well excerienced In wines and
liquors, wants work In wine cellar or llqimr
store: strictly sober and industrious. II. B..
179 Fourth St.. room -3.
MAN desires steady place to do light chores;
understands garden and 1 horses and house-
work; wages moderate if given good home.
W. II. JOXGHAl'S, 1S03.V Howard st.
HANDY man. carpenter, can do most anything,
wishes employment on ranch or elsewhere.
Box 1)71. Call office.
RELIABLE young man wishes situation; por-
ter, elevator man or general work. 13 Te-
hama st. '
A YOUNG man. 19. living at home, wants ap-
prenticeship at painting; some experience.
M., 814 Waller St.
POSITION shipping rlerk, packer or porter,
wholesale house; best city references. Bex
76_. Call office. _______
WANTED — Situation as cook by experience!
young colored man. in private family, ranch
or boarding-house. Box 764, Call.
CAKE baker wants position; marr!«d man.
Box 969. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS, up-to-date barber wants posi-
tion: city or country. Box 751. Call office.
POSITION wanted as coachman or gardener
by sober, reliable man; years of experience:
, first-claw city and country references. Box
031, Call.
TOUNG man. socaks English. Danish, Swed-
ish and understands German, wishes a posi-
tion where he can learn to tenj bar. mix
drinks, etc. Box 88O. Call.
EMPLOYMENT ' wanted by an able-bo-uisd
man; handy with tools; good worker at any-
thing; in or out 0. city. J. F. 6U Commer-
cial -t.
YOUNG man (English), azed 26. require 1 *
position where h# can learn to tend bar. mix
drinks, etc.: town or country: steady habits
and temperate. Box S53. Call office.
MAN and wife with 1 child would like posi-
tion In country; wife good cook, man good
farm hand. Address 17 Fourth St.. San
Francisco. MR. BALDWJN.
STEADY, reliable man would like position a-
janltor. watchman, or collector; can furnish
best city references and bonds II required.
Box S73. Call office. ____________
WANTED — Position as apprentice plumber by
strong young man; 2 years' experience. Ad-
dress 1286 Eddy st.
COACHMAN and man about plan wants sit-
uation in private family: country preferred;
good references. Box 878, Call.
POSITION as night watchman; several year."
experience: first-class ref.; bond if required.
Z. V. BLALOCK. Winchester Hotel. *; .
A FIRST-CLASS, experienxed butler wishes
position in good family: best of references.
Address box S83. Call -¦•"•
A COMPETENT cook anJ butler wishes posi-
tion in first-class family; best references
given. Address box 5S4. Call office.
ENGINEER and electrician desirss employ-
ment; extensive experience. II. E., 90i
Powell st. ; phone James 46.
A FAINTER, paper hanger and tlnter will do
work at special prices to get started. M. H.
Morris. 1914 Geary gt.; phone Pclk 2159.
COACHMAN or man about place; city r?*.
E. TREMAINE. Rosa station, Marin County.
C-*RPENTER want* work. Box 875. Call
office.
A FIRST-CLASS cook wishes position In good
family; best of references. Box 582, Call.
BARTENDER, first-class reference, wants $o~
sit Ion, city or country. McC. box^SOS. Call.
BUTLER or valet, first-class man. wishes a
place. Address box 533. Call office.
JAPANESE boy wants a situation, to worlc
two hours at night; has reference. I. T..
box K!2. Call office.
WANTED— Situation by Japanese; first-class
cook. Box 767. Call office.
rACIAI. MASSAOE.
A — WRINKLES removed; fine complexion guar-
« anteed; new method; 50c. M. LUTON. mani-
curing parlor?. 764 Larkin st.; phone Polk 17.
. FLATS TO LET.
A— HOUSES and flats to let; aa immense list;
terries absolutely free: take advantage of
. this department: It will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 245-259. O*«ry
st.. oa th* square.
ALL of the most desirable flats and houses are
listed tn our renting department; let us give
ycu a H.t and help you find one in the loca-
tion you want. STERLING FURNITURS
COMPANY. 1039 Market •_: services abso-
lutely tree.
TO let — Handsomest, newest, cheapest modem
flats in the city; 5 rooms and bath; SU7 5O
per month; sunny cor. Fifteenth and Castro.
RIVERS BROS.. 205 Montgomery gt.
317' FIFTEENTH ave.. Richmond District—
New,' sunny flat of & rooms and bath; $_3;
"cars oasa the door. „
A LOWER fiat: 5 rooms, bath: $__[ _ni
Twenty-second St.. near Valencia.
FINE sunny 4-rnom flat; bath, wash tray";
adults; *13. 1529 Church, bet. 27th and 2Sth.
FLAT of 5 modern rooms, bath; rent $20. 22
Rondel place, off 18th. Valencia st.
EIGHTH ave.. 1229 (Sunset)—^Three lower
rooms; y>.
FOLSOM. 655. cor. Hawthorne— Modern flat; 8
rooms and bath.
DOLORES. 235. nr 16th— Elegant new modern
flat. 8 sunny rooms: bath: S bay windows.
L^ X I S H E D.
A FLAT of 4 newly turn ished" ToomsTbath;
gas. 61tt Taylor st.
ELLIS. 1369 — Beautifully fnrnished UDDer flat
of 5 rnona and kitchen: S55.
FLATS FORjgAX.E—FUn.VlSHEP.
6-ROOM flat, furnished. for~saU; p"art of rooms
£5?c_n O oYa n cr n: rentC0 ¦»«"«>-*. Box
EDUCATIONAL — Contlnned.
DANCING Tuesday, Thursday. Saturday. Sun-
day ev**.. Ti-utonla Hall.. Howard St.. near
' lUti. Pn-.f. Foster; isoclety dancing taught.
LADIES, wishing. to learn millinery art, com-
plete system tnuicht. 139 Post St.. room 37.
SPANISH, Freneh.etc Prof.DeFillppe's Academy
ofjanguages.320 Post;estab'd 1871 -ablest prof s.
SPANISH evening ' classes trl-weekly. $3 a
month; best lessons In the city. 578 Sutter.
BANJO, >- mandolin -and guitar thoroughly
¦ taught; orchestra practice. 462 Geary st.
PIANO lesson*. 25c half hour. MRS. PECK,
evprlenced teacher. 1013 Mission, nr. Sixth.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
-* PARTINGTON'S. 42* Pine st Night class.
ARITHMETIC.' bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. : day or eve.; $5 mo. KC4 Mission, nr. 6tb.
_^ EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
GET your help aTpiNE 'JAPANESE TeMPlSt*
¦- MEXT OFFICE and Housecleanlng Co., 1.1S3
Pine; nr. Jap. Al. K. Churcb: phone Polk 3C66.
GEORGE AOKI. 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 135—
Japanese-Chinese, employment* office; fur-
nlsheg best help; contracts for farm help, etc.
A— ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japaneee-
Chlnese help. 426 Powcli. Tel. Main 5752.
A — GKAND Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office. 415 i
• Stockton; tel. Grant 1C8; expert, reliable help.
SWEDISH 'and German Female Employment
. Office, 115 Franklin St.; phone Folsom 2S."ii.
RELIABLE Japar.ess-Chlnese Employment Of-
' get; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 51S8.
CHINESE and Japanese help: estab. 20 year3
; Tel. Main l'J97. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay.
EMPLO Y3IEXT WANTED FEMALeT
, A . SECOND girl, strong, young, good city
¦ . reference?, wants a place. Please ring uio
MISS PLUNK ETT. Main 5172. or write 123
«s Sutter St., near Powell.
2 COMPETENT young- women want positions;
: one first-class cook or general housework'
..$3l> to S35; other as general housework or
nurse girl.; 2190 Market st.
EXPERIENCED trained nurse wishes care of
sick. person or lady in confinement; best of
references given. :511 Leavenworth st.. S. F.
FIRST-CLASS German laundress wishes work
by the day. $1 CO and carfare. H23!i Mis-
• sion 'st., near Seventh.
COMPETENT girl for second work or waitress-
•r- American family preferred. 24 Woodward
ave.. near TWrteenth at. '
YOUNG married lady wants to work for room
and board; can give references. Box 758," Call."
INFANTS nurse wants situation. Call 4
Dodge, st., off Turk/ near Larkln.
A SWEDISH girl desires to do general house-
work in a private family. - J. A.. 828 Ellis st.
POSITION by young woman as working house-
keeper. Address box 768, Call office.
A FINNISH girl would like second work. Call
.or address M. A.. 191S Jackson st. I
FRENCH girl wishes situation for second
work In good family. Please call 429 Sutter.
A LADY ; takes washing.. home;' open .air dry.
Phone Page 1047. ,
DEXTISTS. 1
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 14«
— No charge for extracting when elates are"
made; old elates made over like new; 'teeth
from $.s per wet: extractlrig 50c; gas given.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break:
warranted 20 yrs.; crown, $.'" 50; fillings, !0c;
platti", ir»; full set: all work painless and
wan-anttd. Chicago Dental Parlors, 2 1 Sixth.
A. ARTIUTR oil IPHOLM, surgeon ' oentist.
room 14. Plitlan building. San Francisco.
PATMS Dental Parlors. 2."5 Kearny, eor. Bush —
het teeth ;i ."0 up; crowns $2 up;nl!ings 25c.
GOLD ni!insj», 7.V; silver. S.>; crowxis/ ?'-';' no
pair.; op^n Sunday. Dr.O.B.Hewitt^Ol Butter.
Accordion, sunburst and knife plaiting:" double
stamps on dress linings. Stewart's button and
buttonhole factory, no Taylor; tel. Kolsorn __j_;
McDOWELL Dressmakins: & Millinery~School—
1 atterns cut to measure; eve. class. 101!t Mkt.
_ EDICATIONAI,, : ' ' -
AJ £?- T .'H?,? enla »S e n'^nr"TaT~CATlFORXIA
. BLSLNESS COLLEGE: an army ot workmen
are putting the llnlshlriK touches on. our new
home, '.KU-925 Goldtn Gate ave. The develop-
ment of thl3 progressive school has been one
. cf the greatest successes of .the West;-lS,000
square feet, 35 rooms. 430 students. IS «*ea<rh-
*T_- "'rite for 75-pag« illustrated catalogue.
- The growing life and enthusiasm here will
r b« a constant Inspiration to you. • . "
AYRES. the lending business colIece/723 Mar-
ket st.; established IS years; life scholarship.
*j0; bookkeeping, shorthand, touch , typing,
arithmetic,- spelling, etc.: positions secured;
the college refurnished with new typewriters
ana furniture January'l. , Catalogue, free. ..,:-
NEW Juvenile departments of the Paul .Gerson
fcchool of Acting now open; applicants' re-
ceived fnm 6 to 12 years of age; Miss Lillian
Musclo, principal; exceptional advantages;
largest school of the kind in the West: send
for catalogue. Native Sons' Hall. 414 Mason.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST; S.
¦•; !••*• — Hookkerpins shorthand, touch typina,
languages, telegraphy. English branches ; day
and night sessions; Illustrated catalogue free.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the university, law and medical colleges;
- ref.. President . Jordan or any Stanford pTofes-
EGr; day and evening sessions. , Phelan bldg.
HINMAK'S Academy; a '- thorough 'school of
dancing; established 20 years.'. 141; Polk st..
between Fine, and California; both adult and
children's classes are now cpen for the season..
A LARGER ard better school than ever! enter
at once If you desire a good' position: Gregg
shorthand.' Ellis bookkeeping. S. F.~ Business
College,: 1230 Market jt. ,'.
HR\LD'S School of Mlnea & Electrlclty,24 Post
Bt.\ S. F. ; a practical school of engineering;
~~: complete , equipment. Special catalogue free.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec.. mJn.. mech./sur-
'" vey, nsmiy," cyanide;" day. ev.;' est. 1864. Van
dcr Nal I leu ¦ School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
CARLOS N.' KELLER, tenor soloist and teach-
er of : the : art ' of SINGING: piano taught.
Btudlo 381 Geary st. J . v - ;¦
G. , MANHK1ELD,, teacher' of violin, guitar.
mandolin." banjo. -. 42U,O"FarreU3t. . j -,';,-
rjUVATB lessons shorthand, penmanship, Eng-
lish; day and evening. C02 Van Ness ave.
CLAIR VOV.WrS— •Contlnnpd.
mmb^m.v* Bernard! "the. famous
Clainoyant ami business meilium. perma-
nently located at 17 Third St.. next Examiner
bldg.; she rea<J3 your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals tne
present happenings and . portrays events to
occur in the.futnre; If you are in trouble,
discontented or not -paiisfled with life, or
have domestic love or business troubles, con-
sult this great medium ami you; will be told
how to overcome them: valuable advice in all
affairs of life; _5c up; satisfaction guaran-
teed; readings by. mail., Ttl. Black 4369.
MME. RAVKNNA reads lire,' business advice.
. names Riven, 25c. Up; owing to repairs at 5 4lh
will receive pairons 835 : . Howard until Feb I.
lins. A' H. KUONENBERG.' palmist, clair-
voyant, card render;- when others fail try ma;
good reading 10c. 721 Franklin, nr. G. G. ave.
ifitE. PARKIH'RET. clairvoyant and card
render; business advice: Bitting* daily; 10 to
12 a. ni..-l to 7 p. rn.; 25c up. 38 .McAllister.
MRP. BROWN, clairvoyant; enrd -reader, re-
moved from 13_ Cth to 23% 6th; 1 a. 25c. g. 50c.
OLDESTMady palmin ami card reader In city.
¦iCVa Kearny. rotvm *^0; ladies, 25c: gents, 00c.
MISS WARD, for a few day 1. 017 Market, rms.
11-12; <!vm dates, names, facts. Houra 11-0.
MISS ZEMDAR. young gifted clair. and palm.:
names; 1. 50c. g. .$1,714 Franklln;nr.G.G.avi
MME. LEFERK the card reader, has re-
moved from 1C3 Fifth st.-. to 118 Ninth st.
CLAIRVOYANT— 2303 Folsom st.; 25c and 50c:
hours, 10 to 5.' •,» ¦'' ' " • •' ' '
MRP. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune-
, ..teller. Is now at 317. Ellis st. - •
1 MRS. SIIAFKR. clairvoyant, card -reader; slt-
j tings dally. 44S 1 .i .Jessie St.. bet. 5th and 6th.
55 UVBt" 1IKATIXG A.\D CLKAXIXG.
AIR now universally used in. cleaning carpets
on floor, without - removal: price moderate.;
S. F. Comuressed Air Cleaning Co.. Call
building. ¦-. Phone Main: 5237. .
, _ , -1
WHEN ycu become disgusted with your work
send for KPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Woi'ks. :;W-:;rj7 Tchama st.; tel. fc'outh 10.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. l$0!> Har-
rison St.: Al cleaning: 3c. Tel. ; Mis3"on _25.
IIOPKE BROS. : excellent carpet beating; mat":
• ' tresses made over. ', J4.12 Howard ;tel. South 5110...
ADVANCE Carpet Cieanlnir Co.. 402 Sutter st.:
•_tcl. Ala'.ii.SDl. GEO. WALCOM & CO., Props.
RUDOLPH i CO., carpet-beating work*: pr^es
reasonable. ]7f>:i Harrison ft.; tel. Mission 2«3.
CONKLIN'S Rut)«jrlcr . Carpet-beatins Works,
S3.1 Goldf n Gate ave. : telephone East 26.
OFFICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: "collections made;
city or country. .PACIFIC ' COLI^ECTION
CO.; 415 , Montgomery. . rooms '9 : 10; >n-l. .'joS(i.
j ; ;COTTAGES"-TO LET. y
DOLORES. KOT— Upper ranToTicv^y~cotta«e'
six room;*: $18; garden; water free.. *_
c y R yS R'UPTTrit'B. :
WHO DOES IT?' HUNTERTnaoo^Market »it.
Send for circular. Why will you suffer.'
ATTOnyEY-AT--LAW~Contlnned.__
R. "W. KING. Attorn*y-at-Law, Exam. bide..
6th floor, entrance room - Cl 1 ; established 20
years; all cases; ereneral court and orfice prac-
tice; no fee In advance or for consultation;
evenings by asnointment. Tel. Ked SOtSl. .
ADVICfi free— I will advance cost In meritori-
ous cases; divorces, probate and all other law
cases; no fee* In advance; open every even-
in*. J. II. THURSTON. S19 Market St., r. 31.
~ ADVICE FREE.
Columbian Law and Collection Agency,
Rocm 65. 0IG Market et.: tel John 6226^
DIVOKCE — Costs. $li: quick, quiet: advice
free: cpen evenincs. SS* Market gt.. r. 301.
L. S. CLARK. 027 Market sl; consultation
free; no fees In advance: open evenings.
B''S»XKSS CHAXCES.
A— $3500: THIS leading restaurant of this city;
rent Sl.'O; surrounded by :i theaters; private
bosos for ladies; a first-class paying place.
It. G. WILKE. 26 !i Kcarny st. •
A — $lC00; SALOON; re:H $40; place doing a
good business; clearing for owner at least
(250 per mcr.th; patronized by merchants and
printers mostly; r.o night or Sunday work; a
rare chance. Particulars R. G. WILKE, 20!4
Kearny st. j
A — 11200; CORNER saloon on Clay St.. near
Front; mercantile lunch; rent $15; establish-
ed years; good business. It. G. WILKE,
26*4 Kearny st.
A— $S0O; CIGAR stand on C-Ufornln. Et., near
Eansomc; rent $4O; value m sight; a place
where ar.y man -can easily clear $200 per
month. Set R. G. WILKE, 2C'j Kearny st.
A— $1CCO; RESTAURANT and coffee saloon
Just a. few Uoors from Market St.; owners
clearing at least $300 per month; will glvs
trial to purchaser If he me_ns business;
elckness of one of the partners only cause of
feIc; if you Invest in this business your
money Is well invested. See Ii. G. WILKE,
26Vi Kcarny st. :
A — I4CC0; CORNER, salocn in wholesale dis-
trict; net rent $e5: lease; this in one o* the
leading and best raying places in this city;
no nielit work. Cat* R. G. TTILKE, _(i^i
Kearny Et.
A— $1250; DELICATESSEN and dairy produce
slore; close to Market an'd Stockton sts. ;
large stock: clears at least S250 per month;
full value in sieht; a splendid offer. Call 11.
G. WILKE, -G'i Kcarny Et.
A— ROADHOCFE with 15 newly furnished
rooms; hsthroem, tarn. 1 rart, 1 electric
piaro; jU yrars' lea?e; rent S13; price $.'{000;
business very pood; that is all. For particu-
lars see R. O. WILKE. 26'/; Kearny st.
A— J15O0: HUTCHER shop in Western Addi-
. tlon; rent ?10; weekly sale about 4 steers.
sheep: 1 horse. 1 wason: daily receipts about
$40. Seo R. «. WILKE. _G'i Kearny st.
A— S1T50; CORNER grocery and bar on Guer-
rero St.: lease: a rooi! paying business: fresh
s'ock: all cash trade. Particulars R. G.
WILKE. 2G'i Kearny st.
A— $1400; CORNER grocery and bar on De-
\"isadero Ft. ; owner has a line paying busi-
ness, but familv affairs compel him to
leave for East. See R. G. WILKE, 2Qy 2
Kearny st.
A — $600; D11Y soods and notion store, with 4
fine furnished rooms; on'JviisEion st. ; splendid
ohanee fcr man and W\fe. C^ll R. G.
WILKE, 2CU Kesrny st.
A— $1500; THE bost oyster stand in Portland,
Or.; a man with first-class references can
l?ave $700 rtand on the business. See R. G.
WILKE. 'X 1 '- Kearny st. .
A — JSOO; BRANCH bakery and candy store,
xvith living rooms; daily receipts about $10;
choicest location in the Mission. See R. G.
WILKE. I'f^-i Kearny st.
A — S400: GROCERY and bar on Howard st.:
living- rooms: rent $l'0; good place. See R.
G. WIUCE. Kearny gt. .
FOR sale or exchange for large rooming or
apartment hou5e,^J28 acres, near Santa Cruz;
5-room modr-rn cottage; hot and cold water;
all well furnished: 40 acres vineyard; 20
acres grain; 800 apple trets; 300 cherries;
- 200 prunes; also pear trees; v.-ine tanks hold-
ing S000 gallons; all cooperage; large barn:
packing-houses; blacksmith shop equipped
¦with tools; 2-room house for hired man;
also quarters for oth-r help; 7 more acres
readv fcr setting more grapes: several ccrds
• wood cut; dryers; incubators; 2 horses: wag-
ons; carriage; 2 pigs: 0 sheep; Jersey* cow;
40 chickens; farming implements: plenty
nil kinds packing hoxes; flowers of all kinds;
fountain v.ith goldfish; balance of land in
timber; rur.nintj creek passes hous?: water
piped all over place: in caee of trade will
pay difference hi ca*1i; price S32.O0O; an
id^al home. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
I'OR sale or trade — Quartz mine; fine prospect;
located In Cal.: assays $40 to $70 ton; trade
for r'mg hous« or business. Cameron, 3 Eddy.
FOR sale — Well-located candy store: al) equip-
ped for makin_ own candies.: established S
years; clearing over $200 per month: will in-
voice about 1120(1. CAMERON. 3 Eddy st
FOR rale — One of the beEt restaurants in city;
eheap rent: rec iuts $75 tu $100 ter day; will
bear investigation: price $1500; also one In
good location for S:ioO. CAMERON & CO..
3 Eddy si.
F. A. RROOKBANI^
BUSINESS AGENT.
017 Market st 2— OFFICES— 2. 71St Market st.
Let. 6th ami fth. Near Call U'.djr.
Folsom 1S4«5. PHONE. Black 0832.
A— SiW; FALOON. water front: gomi fixtures.
Mock; rent f^O; must pell. BROOKBAKK.
A-?2T,"); TAHTNLK In well established, pho-
. nugraph and amusement parlor; Jlnrkct rt.
location; <i<-ar SSO mo. each. KUOOKHAXK.
A — f;vi<(; CIGAR xtand; Market Kt.. near Call
t'ltig. : daily receipts S2."; lea^e. Brookbank.
A~r9SO0; I5RANCH bakery, grocery, notions,'
candles, citrars. tobaccos; receipts $12 daily;
fi turn, living rrny.; rent $20. BBOQKBAWK.
A — $SMt; PARTNER in.wcl! eitaUSebed office
business; no experience required; this is a
fine chance for party who is_ satisfied w:th
*H«> month; investigate. Koe BRO4JKBANK.
A — BRANCH hp-kery, candies, notions. <?tc. : .1
furn. living rms.; make offer. BROOKUANK.
A— $.'»"25; CIGAR Mand: near MHrket; host lo-
cation; Iar{r<» Etock; laundry pays rent See
BROOKBANK.
A — 3 F-EH CENT MONTHLY. ¦
On InvrEtments ot $1<K) and upward; no "get-
ii<-h-<juick" swindle, turf spf-culation or gam-
l>!!nic schptne, but a reputable, established
business rnterin-isc in Han Francisco; clear.M
$(i7.<H» last y«nr 0:1 $100,000 capita!; sto.k
im-rea.»«»tl S_O,(t<o to enlarge plant;- call or :
for p—rticularo.
GERMAN1.V IN'VKST. <"O.. 027 Market st.
rznts grcK-ery nn-1 bar. corner north of Market,
lung lease, low rent. $^."ifi<», part cash; corner
saloon, on vator front. $1100, paying brewery
business. $^5(iO ( or will bpII part: paying
businesses of all kinds; hotels an<l lodging
houses for wale anrl axchange. EITEL &
CARROLL, 212 Kearny st.
KOIl sale — Batcher rhou, VWstcrn Addition:
neichL..rhoo'i tirst cla^!«: nothing but best cf
trade at- good urices; fixtures new and first
dan; borer, wagon and cart and all tools;
a good wagon trade; will «oll everything fur
$lt.V). Cox 904. Call office; no agents.
IF 1 can show you that I havee turf system !
which hes not had a losing dav will vou put
up 50CO with my $500 t ( , operate it? We can
make fOCOu in twelve weeks. Box 033, Call.
TAILORING, and gents' furnishing business
for Kale; doing the largest business in . one
cf the lv?st cities on I'uec-t Sound; excellent
opportunity for two young men with small
capital. Address C. ROBEKTS, 101 Va-
llcjo PL, rity.
WHY pay rent when Andersen r.III sell you "a
lf«dpiiig-hoiin!«> on easy pavments?" AXDEU-
f?EN. 335 Market st.'. room 1.
10 ROOMS* cheap rent: part cash, balance pay-
iTittU;;. £. ANIJKItSEN. 025 Market St., r. 1.
A— rnotflTS KM montlil"ciprars. ' billiards a^d
clubicxjr.i; rfnt $1.1; lease; invoicps $1500;
near, new postaffice; call. Investigate, makf
offer to SKIUM. room TZ, Ft. Ann's building.
DENTAL student wanted as pcrt/i»r in o!d-
cstablltlied city orfice; mu&t have som^
mt-ans; gocd rofcrcnce K givtn. and expected.
Box iCg, Call.
ANY ono can rcake 52WX) clear m three to six
months by Inverting $C00: no chance to lose;
one who wishes can give a part or all of
t!<eir tiir.e preferred, liox 029. Call office.
IIAVK a few hundred dollars to invest for res-
taurant; what have you to offer? State par-
ticulars. Box 7Ti}, Call office.
2-CHAIH barber shop, $50; flat of 7 rooms,
SIM; t-xioon v,ith 14 furn. rooms, SSOO.
Boston Heal Estate Co., S -Mason et.
WILL sell for $150 a busitiess paying $S0 to
SI 1(1 pci month. For information addres-u
box 503. Call d<fice. : ..¦.-.-
AN established butcher business; $300 a week*
rent $25; stable. Box 55S, Call office. Phone
Church 4593. .
DELICATESSEN store for fiaic: centrally lo-
cated; in Western Addition: cood trade: on
car line: no competition. Box SSI, Call.
RESTAUKANT In. Oakland, on principal
street; central; meals 10c and % up; »ood
traUe; lovr rent; make offer. Box SS/.'- Call.*
A— $4<>0; CIGAK stand on corner. Inquire 5
Hyde Et. -
A FINE piano business cheap for cash; inves-
tigate. Box L'M, Call.
JOHN D. SPBSCgSI.S. .Proprietor.
ifi_iSrEiEii^^wW_^SMTJH|i25
\V. J. MARTIN ..Business Manager
TELEPHONE.
At\i for THE CALL. The Operator Wm 6»-
r.ect Tou With the Department Tou WISH.
. rvUicatlon Office Market »nd Third. S. F.
t_Jlen_U Room 217 to 221 Stevenson •_
Delivered by Carrier?. 20 Cts. Per *%**< T5
Cts Per Month. Single Cop'.es C . Centj.
Terms by Mail. Including Postage (Cash WItn
Order) : „
I>A7LT CALL, <lndud. Sunday). 1 ye* 1 "--*"^
DAILY CALL <inc:ud. Sunday). « mos.. 4^W
3_A!LY CALL— Ey Single Month •*»
hiTXDAY CALL. 1 Tear ;M
WLtZKLT CALL, 1 Year •• ~\°°
..„,,_.„». Oaily.. $S.8O Per Tear Extra
l*CT_£e Sunday! 4.15 Per Year K_tra
*-OfTAGi-. \ W eek!y. 1.00 Ptr Year Extra
«*!-¦_ POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO P.ECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
. Sample Copies will be forwarded wDen re-
» *- quested.
3J_!I rubecrtbers in ordering change cl *a-
. -rets rhouSd b« particular to give both NEW
ANI> OLD ADDKESS in order to insure »
prompt _nd corrvct complianc* wltn tneir re-
racat.
t * OAKLAND CFTICE.
HIS Bro_dwey Telephone Main 10S3
• • BERKELEY OFFICK.
, K48 Center Sureet Telephone Norta 77 !
XVAfHlXGTON CORRESPONDENT.
E. CRANE ltOS G Street. N. W.
NEW YORK NE-EVS STANDS:
TTaMcrt-A-toria Hotel; A. Bret_no, SI
* tTnion Equs.re: Murray Hill Uotel: Filth-ave-
*ue Hotel «a<J HoSman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Ehermsn nouse- P O. News Co.: Great
Northern Hotel: Treraont House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPP.ESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KF.OGNESS.-M-rquette Building i
fLong D: e t«nce Telephone. 'Central 2S19.") ,
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH CO Tribune Buildinx
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Squar*
X3USINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
„ Cs:i. ccreer Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every right in th* year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
JOOS Market street, opposite Fifth: open until
V P- m.
crT Montgomery street, corner Clay: open un-
til 9:30 p. m.
"CK> Hayes street: cpen cr.til 9:30 p. m.
<-3i» McAllister street: open until 8:30 p. m.
fl!> L«rkin street;, open until 9:30 p. m.
3P41 Mif>=ion stre(p; open until 10 p. m.
C2fil Market etreet. corner Sixteenth; open un-
til 9 p. m.
1P6 Eleventh street; cpen until 9 p. m.
"036 Valencia street; op«n until 9 p. _.
¦Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets;
©pen until a p. m.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tuck streets; open until 9 p. m.
. 1200 Fn:roore etreet; open until 9 p. m.
MEETIXG NOTICES.
FAST Masters' Association of Califor- a
nia F. and A. M. — Regular monthly
meeting THIS (SATURDAY) EVEN- /Q\
ING at S o'clock By order of the '_3£a
IVpsider.t. H. J. OWEN. Secretary.
BAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. 1. Royal _[
Arch Maj-ons. meets THIS •SATUR- "vVr*
1>AY) AFTERNOON at _:% o'clock: />r\
also THIS EVENING at 7:30 o'clock;
Master Mason d?irree.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5. R. A. M., O
will mcrt THIS <SATl'Rl>AY) AFT-VV
ER.VOON and EVENING. January /V\
"<i. *t 2 o'clock and aiso at 7:30
o'clock. K. A. degree. By order of the II. P.
FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
MISSION I^Klffe No. 1(K». F. and A. M. a
«'»11<»d mating THIS (.SATl'RDAY) 1 ***^
EVENING at 7 :.'{'> o'clock. Third de- <^^\
Kr»f. n. E. AI.I^AN. S«yr«-tary.
GEOGRAPHICAL Society of the Pacific— A
stated mwtine will b- held SATURDAY
January 3<>. at I :Z'i p. tn.. m the rooms 419
California Ft., to consider an amendment to
by-law « By order
# GEO. HAVIDPON. President
JOHN PARTrilDtJE. Secretary.
ANNUAL Meeting — The rcrular annual meet-
ir.g cf the lot owners in the -Masoirc Cemetery
r.ill h<«'held at the Masonic Temple on TUES-
DAY. February 2, 1904. at 2 o'clock p m
-or the elect'en o: three trustees and such
tuEinets as may lf>pally come befcre th°m
THEO. FROLICH. Secretary.
THE California. IJebrls Comraiseion havrnr re-
ceived appltcations to mine by hydraulic
rroce_s from Lawrence Canatta. la Alesom
Dumas pia-er claim, near Volcano Amador
County, cal.. draining Into Dry Creek
v.hich reaches Mokdumne River; from Luljr'i
«nd Victorio Demartini. in Railroad Hill
<;r*»*-l mine. near Calavcr!t«s Calaveraj!
County. Cal.. drainlr.K into San Anton«
Cr«-ek. which readies Calaveras River gi°«
notice that meeting will be held at room 9*5
Flood buildirut. Sac Francisco Cal. Feb s'
. 1204. at 1:30 p. m, " '
ANNUAL Ue#Un*wTt» reeular annual mc»t-
ir R of the Ktwkhold^rs cf The National Ic-
Company mil be held _t the ofnee of the
tcmrany. VZ~ Market St.. San Francisoo Tal
*w WEDNESDAY, the Sa lay of ""ebiWy'
l»»04. at the hour of II o'clock a. m -or the
rurpose of «lertir.«r a boar I cf directors to
•*-rve for tlie er.suin? year and tbe trantac-
tlen cf rack ether business as may come
before the meeting.
J. T. DONAHUE. Secretary.
¦ A^ l V A f I ;^ MeP . tin frL 2 " e re^ JIar annual mee t-
it-.E of the Etockholflors of the Union Trust
Company of San Francisco will be held atThe
efficc of the company in the Union Trun
Company s building, corner Post, llontgorn-
''>¦«"<' M^ket «s.. San FrancUco. Cal on
T'lt'RSDAY. the 4th day of February ibw '
et the h-.ur of 2 o'clock p. m.. for the dut-
Tjose of cl-cting: a board of direVto™ to serve
Jor tn- fr>Uo»inr year, the amrr.dmcct of the
t^-ievF cf the company and the tran&a'-tion
tn,"£tS. tr bUSlCWS M may «-^3S
CHARLES J. PEERING. Secretary.
T " E "V 1 "* 1 ™~ tiri * «* the stockholders of
s_ l: -^f.-- o c ; fi - an o? 5i«sss?
MONDAY th< Sth day cf Fcbr Ua £"& ? t
ih* hour cf 11 ..'dock a. ,n.. f or [fe «£££
cf eK-tnjir -Ureter, for the ttaS_»?5SJ
• nd the '.ransartion of Kuch other but im4 a.
n.8- .otn. befo,-- raid m^tin*. v"tVa Vt
;f/^E S T^N C SU J tar y aary »<» S '
«r>. «.«O4. at-t!ie h.xir of _ o'clock n m for
the purple of electing a »,o aM of '.nT^-tors
i to Mn«.(ar (he rntuing year and tl e trVn™
, action of .uch oth.r business as may wme
l.-cfcre the ?rn«otjng. ™" B i
GKORGI-; A. DOUGLAS?. Secretzry.
AUEXTS^WAVTED. '
?'_5S TIrl _C** l J U if an<J r «'P re ' BPn^tiveV^f'iood
*l , ',7* T " T a 1 ""¦*" , flna "c»a« instituuSn:
l>-n!<}:r!ff and I03/1 and insurance rr.prt ran
carily tr.ake fmm KW to |::w P r,^ mon th
rail cr write Secretary, rocm 200. 713 Set
rt., J-an Kranciwo. •-».«.
Mi:N and women for <-ity and countr> "^rnt»-
weekly KilajT. ' \i>er:er* rr commis si™ • st«.adv
«;nit>lovm-nt. I2_s McAllister »t.. aftrr S^3__
LA DT and pen'Jcrran agents waniTr] f cr «
'-.orrtr.bmX'.lnp .¦or^rtUon; M K n, oney £
t-irlit r-ai^y. P..y .%«(«. <- a ]i. •
, : V-_ ADVEBTISESEEJTT "W'llITX'H'O.
illAVINC r^reiiilj- arqt;!re<1 through "cxch'a'n'«
of prcVRtr three S-Xl scholarship* In the Ije-t
Collpge cf Advortisirs in the Lniied States
1 v H, teU them at 2.*. ptr ccr.t discount for
catn; the col>g? tuac!)c« advertisement wrl»-
by corrctpoRdcnce and _£.'isrta its grad-
"'uat#* to tecure position-.; catalceu»s fur-
g-UhxI on sppiicatlon. A dircfg box Stgg. Call.
AtiTROI,O(;V. '
MI:S. J. FRANCIS, nstroloffist: !eEson« : ~read"
lr.pt: bcx:rs 10 to S. Kuit* 10. Hotel Langbam.
— _^_*TTOHXK VJ-AT-i7a\V^
wTuTbittkeu] "
atton.vet and counselor at law.
* * Advice free. Phons South 743
KCSte S22. Kinina Spreckels bulldinff. j
Divorce* quietly cr.d UsalJy obtained for 1
clgin causes; dam~g:cs secured for Injuries to
fersor. or estate; rep!e\ - ins lor property oa-
•¦'l_wrully deti\fned; attachments aDd garnish-
»ner.ts for debts; beads furnished; bankruptcy
j<r«:*c<3inffs: willt x/n>bate<i ; estates settled;
collection* n-.ade Jn all parts of theU. S.
A 1'iTIVATK. quick divorce for a emalt fee.
See lit* and rsve morrfy; no pay In advance
C W. illOWE. ATTOHNEY-AT-LAW.
Established 22 yrs.; rms. I, 2. 3. 4 & 5. 1st fl.
IIS- Market vt.. between Mason and Taylor.
Advice free aM n;_tter*. Detective, employed.
PORTFOLIO OFCALIFQRNIAMieWSFREETO
BCSiyKSS CHA>XKS---Contlnn«d.
OUR new "Duplex- Seals System" won over 200
per cent in the past 22 days on Frisco races:
for proofs and references ask any subscriber
on our list, or call and investigate; explana-
tion free to regular subscriber's at our office
only; commissions handled on this system for
25 per cent of the net weekly profits. Terms
for our Handicap sheets, $_ per day or 510
per week. N. S. HAND, expert handicapper,
rooms' 1. 2 and 3, 113 Stockton st.. S. F.
WILIi sell my dye works In Oakland;, good
business; profits big. Addres« for particu-
lars, box "IS, Call.
$1000; investigate; well stocKed, good paying
cor. bazaar; must be sold. 1000 Devlsadero.
FOR tale — Complete dyeing and cleaning
works; good location. Box 526. Call office. .
$75O— DKL1CATESSEN etore, with 15 steady
boarders: can increase- trade. Ilex 905, Call.'
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions ha*
been opened at 1003 Market St., opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m. "
I 1 l-~~-__— — -__»_____«m,I
-.OnoiXG-HOUSES FOR SAIiE.
A. CAMBKON& CO.. Phone South Io5O.
--.%.:• 3 Eddy et., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquartc rs for rooming-houses, hotels and
all kinds of business chances. ;
106-room modern family hotel: swell loca-
tion; firct-class trade; ocean baths: everything
up to date; clearing $12C0 per month; will be
fiacrlflced for one-third lews than cost to fur-
nish; obliged to leave February 1; price, $15.-
OW. '
20 rooms; rent $76; 2 years' lease; good per-
manent and transient house; price $1200.
44 rooms; rent only $125; 5 years' lease: run-
ning water; everything, in good condition;
clears $125 to $150 per month; price $2800.
13 rooms; corner; rent $95; oak furniture:
good carpets; hair mattresses; part cash, bal-
ance on time. /
5S rooms: rent $250: 2 years' lease; well fur-
nished throughout; close la; first-class board-
ing-house; clears $250 per month.
. 6 rooms and bath; rent $18; water.free; new,
modern flat, furnished 1 year; price $300.
220 rooms; grand, new, modern apartment-
house; elegantly furnished; swell location;
clearing $400 to $CCO per month; golden oppor-
tunity.
30 rooms; rent $33; fine location; all on 2
floors; 3 years' lease; clears $100; full; ?2C00.
125 rooms; first-class downtown bouse: 5- |
year lease; cheap rent; private baths: doing
fine commercial business; reduced; see this.
116 rooms; new, elegantly appointed apart-
menUhouse; one of the swellest in city; clear-
ing 1500 to $C00 month; splendid opportunity.
"-room, new. modern flat; $150 cash, balance
on Installments; Income $-15; price $550.
24 rooms; rent $140; newly furnished; fine
neighborhood; close in; always full.
1C2 rooms; most elegantly appointed apart-
ment-houso in San Francisco: beautiful, mod-
ern building; fine entrance: cheap rent; clear-
Ing S4C0 per month; 5-year lease; part cash,
balance S per cent per year.
S rooms; golden oak fur.; Moquet carpets,
oil paintings; must leave city; make offer.
50 rooms; rent only $200; downtown house;
always full; clearing $200 to $300 month; new-
ly renovated and in tine condition.
35 rooms; Van Ness ave.; oak and mahogany
furniture; a bargain if taken at once.
88 rccms; bonton location; elegant building;
luxuriously furnieh<»d; all modern conveniences;
grand entrance and halls; strictly up to date;
called Hast by sickness.
12 rooms; Post; oak furniture; Brussels car-
pets; clears $5O; $300 cash, balance on install-
ments; price $S00.
59 rooms; new and elegant building; fur-
nished , beautifully and up to date; hot and
cold water every room; $4000 cash necessary.
7 rooms; rent $3S; modern house; new furni-
ture;- clears $oV; only $400 cash, balance time.
14 rooms; rent $40; new and modern little
boarding-house: fine furniture; hair mattresses;
clearing over $200 month; price $1000.
24 rooms; rent only $136; first-class condi-
tion; oak. mahogany, blrdseye maple furni-
ture; extra fine carpets; clears $70; price
?2000; half cash, balance 1^ per cent.
10 rooms; rent $50: close In; oak, birdseye
maple fur.; fine carpets: elegant little transient
house; clears $125; part cash; price $600.
15 rooms; Van Ness ave. ; rent $85; oak. ma-
hogany furniture; always fuli; price $1200; al-
most new.
R6 rooms; cheap rent; furnished last June; !
oak furniture: nruasels carpets: clears over
$250 per rocnth; half cash, balance 1 per cent;
owner sick in bed. '
50 rooms: Bush; rent only $lfi2; pooH furni-
ture, carpets; cloarirg over S20O per month;
only 14 rooms to take care of. balance do o<tn
work; a snap.
31 rooms; rent $110; fur., carpets new; clears
over $100 per mo.; 2 years' lease; wife sick in
hospital: part cash; $1500.
10 rooms; rent $45: new carpet*; newly pa-
pered and painted; clears $30; $450 cash, bal-
ance tlrce.
5 rooms: Oeary: rrnt $20; fine little home; 3
rooms rented for $25: price $200.
12 rooms: rent $60; oak and mahotrany fur.;
Rocwl carpets: fine yard and garden in rear;
brirgs In $60; Ieave3 balance landlady; price
$900.
6 rooms; rent J35; oak fur., Brussels carpets:
3 rooms rented for $2S; price $300.
20 rooms; rent only $35; good fur. and car-
pets; clearing $T5; owner there 7 years; full;
sickness; $C00.
17 rooms; rent $00; oak fur., pood carpets;
clearing $70; mtg. $700 can stand;reduced ?1050.
20 rooms: rent enly $100: downtown; perma-
nent roomers; clears $90 per mo.; going East;
$21C0.
FOK SALE— A EOAnDKNG-HOUSK; MEDIUM
SMK- ELEGANTLJ' FURNISHED; LOCA-
TION BEST IN THE CITY; LEASE:
OWNER LEAVING TOWN. BOX 2350.
CALL OFFICE
FAMILY hotel, ncross the bay; sunny corner;
central; 64 rooms: rent $110; clears $550 per
month; a bargain; must sell. Address box
!'43 Cal< office.
A NEWJA" furnished house; alt oak furniture;
10 rtxnn.o, all rent»d, will sell at valuation of
furniture. . 7J0 Ellis «t. -
FOK *ale — LodKins house. 32 rooms, ?2S50;
down town on urominent etreet. near llarket.
)5ox H.'i'l. C*U.
IIOl'SK, Rood location. 4 blocks from llarket
• st.: 15 room?; nood paying house: will sell
••¦- -iab!o;» low rent. Box 050. Call.
$550 — Bpet paying trans, house with liquor li-
cense, cl-arine *200 monthly. Eureka. 719 Mkt.'
LOIXil.NU- Iicubs. 22 rooms; price $27."W); oa
Powell st.; central location. Dox 512, Call.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. DR. MAUT1N, wonderful spiritual heal-
er and business medium; mining a specialty;
snivice I guarantee on all business proposi-
tionM to be . successful. My wonderful ' mag-
net will bring reconciliation and lasting
poace with the one you love; readlnzs by
¦mail most satisfactory, $2; readings daily.
$1: developing class Thursday, S"p. m. 502
Eddy st._
MRS. LESTER, test and business medium; clr-
clo to-night. 10c;-read. daily. .14 Gth, rm. 8.
MRS. KOTTER. circle every night, 10c; .f«vel- -
oping circle Mon. eve.; sit. daily. 4" S»_th.
PROF. FKED EVANS, noted clairvoyant and
' x Flate-wrtter. 1112 Eddy. Phone Scott 887. -
KATIE HEUSSMANN'S circle ' Friday eve..
• 2r>c: «it. dally. 1000 Harrison: tel. Mint 997.
EDWAKD KAULE. 10T.2 Kills. re.idinK* dally.
»:S0 to 4. fpflnros Sunday and Thursday.
CLAIRVOYANTS. ,
A— PAUL J>ESTlN"Er~~ T~ ~ ~~. »,..¦,,"."-,
The First neg-istered Trance Clairvoyant .
nr.d Palmist- Ever In San Francisco. •' ;
'I do hereby'solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no'c.iiarge if I fail to tell your name oc-
cupation and what you called for; 1 promise to
tell ynu whether husband, : wife or . sweetheart
is true or false; tell who and when . you , will
marry; in fact, I will tell every hope, fear 'or
ambition better than you can .tell yourself; ¦¦. I
reunite ' the , separated, restore lost aftccttons,
cause happy marriage, give good luck, - restore
lost energy; 10 a. in. to 8 p. m. ; Sunday; 2 to 6.
326 O*Farrell .at. Low fee this week — $1. . \
1SMAR, I the Egyptian | gypayj clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at ] 104 'Market
eL, cor. , Turk; private readings daily,- 10 a.
m. to I» p. m.; readings by mail as satisfac-
tory as in* person; 3 questions. answered. :$1;
full life. $5; '-send ' lock of hair." date rot year
of birth; don't send currency; send nostofftce,
. Wells-Fargo money order or registered lettar.
RKTUHNED from her European , trlp^— Miss ,M.
Wille. clairvoyant, crystal " seer: " readings
dally $1; hrs 10 to 8/4C0 Geary, tel. Green 3l>.~
BHn Vr»itTriiiiii__»«_Vn -'¦irit-iTT-V''' --..'-;,.,_.-,,,.--• . .-, . „.-- .. ........ _ ,.. an
"(GREETINGS FROM CftLIPORNIA"
HI A BeautifuT Souvenir 6f the Gofden We^t ¦
In an Envelope Ready for Mailing
Fl^EE-JO U/0t /^ DV/EF^T" I SE F?g-- p F? E E
IN NEXT -SUNDAY'S CALL .
Bring in Your Want Ads Thursday, Friday and Saturday for Insertion in
I;-?;: Next Sunday's Call. -
"GREETINGS FROM CALIFORNIA" (One-half actual size)
I Tills" portfolio consists of a series of beautifully illuminated halftones'
of California scenery and points of Interest printed on a highly finished
book "¦paper" and neatly bound in portfolio form. It will certainly prove
a welcome gift to The Call's want advertisers, and many a friend in East-
ern and' foreign lands will be made the happy recipient of these souvenirs
of the land of the setting; suri. • . •• . • !
In this portfolio MOUNT SHASTA Is shown in all its majestiv gran-
deur, together with SHASTA SPRINGS and MOSSBRAE FALLS, while
STANFORD'S new CHAPEL and the UNIVERSITY AT BERKELEY are
===== given prominence. , • ;
MOUNT .TAMALPAIS,' the STATE CAPITOL at Sacramento, LAKE
.>*[>¦»' TAHOE.YOSEM1TE VALLEY, the HOTEL DEL MOXTE, the LICK OB-
**r^>52** ¦ SERVATORY,* MOUNT 'HAMILTON*, the CLIFF HOUSE, VINEYARDS AT Kj^S*
't>* k ASTI. SONOMA COUNTY; CARMEL MISSION, MONTEREY COUNTY: /^<_»
ORCHARD SCENERY NEAR HEALDSBURG AND MIDWAY POINT
* ARE ALSO FAITHFULLY PORTRAYED. » '
This .offer of The Call to its Want Ad. patrons will not be duplicated
x , in many a long day, but the views may be found on sale at all the prin-
cipal stationery stores and news . aseneies on the Pacific Coast at a price
far in excess of the cost of n little Wand Ad. in NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL.
Don't forget to bring your Want Ad. to The Call THURSDAY, FRI-
DAY AND SATURDAY, AND YOU WILL SURELY BE REPAID WITH
OUR PREMIUM OFFER, '"GREETINGS FROM CALIFORNIA," not to
mention the GOLDEN HARVEST you will reap from your Want Ad.
Ads will be received at The Call Business Office, Third and Market Streets; at Pitts' Call Branch
Agency, 1008 Market Street; also at the Oakland Agency of The Call, 1118 Broadway.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 30, 1904.
13
'<} PERSONALS. .
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves its growth.stops falllng.cures dandruff
and itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses Fcalp; atdruggists', hairdressers'; ac-
cept no substitute. FUr K«-medy Co.. 1338 Polk
GRADUATES of New York School of Massage
¦ Osteopathy i vapor and electric baths; face
vibrating machine for rheumatism; genuine
tubs, hot and cold water; trained nurses as
attendants. Prof, and Mrs. Morrts. 406 Geary.
NOT how cheap but how good is the motto of
the manufacturers of the Rapid Rotary
Standard the sewing-machine of to-day. J.
W. EVANS, agent. 1021 Market st.
PHYSICIAN. 15 years* experience, cures per-
manently morphine, cocaine habit. Call or
address Central Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave.,
corner Sutter st. ; fee moderate.
SPECIAL OFFER for I mo. ; ladles' eults mad»
to order; first-class work: $10; with material
furnished $20 up. At M. WILSON. 380 Geary.
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drug dis-
eases positively cured by Willow Bark Co..
1839 Polk St.: consultation free; call or write.
LIQUOR habit cured in 2 days or no charges;
guaranteed. Acme Liquor Cure Co. 997 Mar-
ket st.. room 203: phone South 761.
AT lea* than cost, uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS" London
Tailor 721 Market st.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday, Sun-
day evgs.. Teutonia Hall. Howard Bt.' near
9th; Prof. Foster; society dancing taught. '
MRS. Eaton; electric needle specialist, 369 Sut-
. ter. r. 609. Miss Eaton. 233 Geary, room 38.
SUPERFLUOUS hair, moles perm. . removed"
'¦ by electrolysis. Mrs. L. B.' Johnson. 139 Post.
Bon Marche Pants Co.: special $5 pants to or-
' der. Rooms 14 & 16. .40 Ellis. Tel. Drumm 44.
MASQUERADE- costumes, play bo>k«. wlga;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.,' 753 Mkt.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
¦ trie needle. Dr. & Mrs. Traverse. 1170 Market.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50: dress pants $250.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna, restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1; at all druggists'.
A BRANCH office of The Call for »he reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market St., opposite Fifth.
' Open until 11. pi m. ' '¦'¦"
_^JJ?5 A 5iSl^ f J2-i^ A ilS2 ° u se s •
A^BMPOniUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture^
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
7iU Howard st.^nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
flC« Ppst and Powell sts.; tel. Prlv. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'S- storage — Furniture atid merchan-
dise. 3:>."' Oolden Gate ave.; phone East 126.
GOLDEN .West Storage; advances made; 840
¦ Mission st.; tel. Howard f>41. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
, pany.. 2320 Fillmore st.; phone Jackaon 281.
.BEK.INS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
st.': tel. Main 1S40. Shipping at cut rates.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
AN exceptionally swd No. 2 Remington, No. 1
Sniilh Premier. $115; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 60. The
| Typewriter Exchange, 536 California st.
A FEW good typewriters at $.'!0 each: get par-
tleulat-B of L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
. gompry st. .
A typewriter at any price; agents Fay-Sholes.
. $100; Sun, $40; Commercial, $35; Postal, $25.
CUNNINGHAM. CURTISS & WELCH.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
WebHter Type writ Ing Inspec. Co.. &0S Market.
_ PROPOSALS. ~
PROPOSALS for shirting flannel, depot quar-
termaster's efflce, 3« New Montgomery »t.;
gan Francisco. Cal.. Jan. 10, 1904.— Sealed
proposals, in triplicate, will be received at
this offlcn until 10 o'clock a. m.. Monday.
Ffeb. 1, 1904, Pacific Standard Time, and
then opened, for furnishing 325,000 yard*
olive drab shirting flannel, to be subject to
an increase of 20 per cent if desired by this
Department. Bids will be opened for the
delivery of the same article at tLe San Fran-
cisco. Boston. Chicago. Philadelphia and
New York depots. To avoid misunderstand-
ing as to the exact nature of the article to
be l«irnlshed. bidders will carefully examine
the standard sample and specifications, so
that proposals may be submitted by them
with a full knowledge- of what will be re-
quired, as an absolute compliance with the
.standard and specifications will be Insisted
' upon In the Inspection or the goods. Un-
guaranteed bids and bids upon samples dif-
fering from standard and specifications will
under no circumstances be entertained. Pro-
posal? for less quantity tha.n advertised for
will be entertained. Bids for delivery or
inspection at other points than those named
above will not be considered. Early deliver-
ies are essential. Bidders must state In their
proposals the rate and time of delivery
chould contract be awarded to them. The
article advertised for Is the same for which
bids will be opened at the other depots
preference will be given to articles of do-
mestic production and manufacture, condi-
tions of price and quality being equal (in-
cluding in the price of foreign production
and manufacture the duty thereon) and such
preference will be given to articles of Amer-
ican production and manufacture produced
on the Pacific Coast to the extent of the con-
Bumption« required by the public servlcj
there. The United States reserves the right
to accept or reject any or all proposals or
any part thereof.' Information and blanks
for proposals will be furnished on applica-
tion. Envelopes containing proposals will be
furnUhed on application. Envelopes contain-
ing proposals will be Indorsed "Proposals
for Shirting Flannel" and addressed to. MA-
JOR C. A. DEVOL, Quartermaster. U. S.
A., Depot Quartermaster. »
UNIVERSITY of California. Berkeley Notice
to Contractors. Builders and Material Men:
Notice is hereby given that sealed bids are
solicited for performing the labor and fur-
nishing the materials for the excavation and
foundation of the central power-house on the
grounds of the University of California at
Berkeley, Cal.. and said bids will be received
at the office of the Regents. South ; Hall.
Berkeley, nt or before 12 o'clock M. of Feb-
ruary 3, 1904. Plans and specifications for
caid excavation and foundations have been
adopted and may be examined daily at office
of the Regents from 'J a. m. until 4 p. m
No bids will be considered unless accompa-
nied by a certified check or bond of bidder
In favor of the Regents of the University of
California, equal to ten <10) per cent of his
bid with sufficient sureties, conditioned that,
il eaid bid be accepted, the bidder will duly
enter Into a proper contract to faithfully
perform the duty and obligations in accord-
ance with said bid and with the plans and
specifications which are hereby required to be
a part of such contract- The right to reject
any and all bids is hereby reserved. By or-
der of the committee on grounds and build-
Ings of the Coard of Regents. V. H. HE'S-.
DERSON, Acting Secretary.
PROPOSALS for purchase of U. S. Quarter-
master's Property. Office of Depot Quarter-
master, 30 New Montgomery st., San Fran
Flsco. CaJ.. January 12. 1004.— Sealed prol
poeals. In triplicate, for the purchase of 175
Khaki-covered Cork Helmets and 13,203 Arc-
tic Overshoes (one buckle) will be received In
this office until 10 o'clock' a. m., February 2
1904, and then opened. Th£ Government ru-
eerves the right to reject any or all proposals
Envelopes containing proposals should b«
indorsed "Proposals for purchase of Quar-
termaster's property." and addressed to the
Depot Quartermaster, U. S. Army. San Fran-
cisco. Cal. Further particulars furnished on
application. ' . ¦
BIDS will be received until February 15, 1904
for the drilling of an oil well within 5 miiej
o' Kvanston. Wyo.: plenty of water near by;
coal can be put at the j -ell at from $.*: to *3 50
per ton: the contractors to furnish everything
and must prosecute the work diligently day
and night until completed. Bidders will
mak« separate bids at so much per foot to
sink 1000 feet. 1500 feet and 2000 feet deep;
the size of the hole to.be not less than bft
inches at the bottom on completion. The
right is reserved to reject any and all b'.ds
lf the price is excessive. For further par-
ticulars write or call on .the undersigned or
FRANK M. FOOTE. Evanston, Wyoming.
W. D. SANBORN. trustee, C31 Market st.
U. S. ENGINEER Office. Flood Building. Son
Francisco, Cal.. Jan. 2S, 1904. — Sealed pro-
posals for dredging In San Pablo Bay. Cal..
• will be received here until 12, noon. March 2,
1904. Information on application.
W. H. HEUER. Lieut. Col. Engineers.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS?
CENTRAL PACIFIC RAILWAY COMPANY
FIRST REFUNDING MORTGAGE BONDS—
Notice Is hereby Biven that, pursuant to the
provision .of Article | Eight of. the mortcaxe
from this Company to the Central Trust Com-
pany of New York. Trustee, dated August 1
lt-t>9, this Company has set apart out of the
net Income derived by It from the lines of
railroad therein mortgaged the sum of Twen-
ty-five . thoueand . doliars In trust to be used
to. redeem said bonds, and that bonds Issued
urider said mortgage will be redeemed there- I
with and bids are hereby Invited for the sur-
render cf such bonds at prices to be named by
the bidders, to the I amount requisite to ex-
haust said sum. t Such bids should be pre-
sented to this Company at. its office, a20
Broadway. , In the. City of New York, on or
before the 1st day of February. 1904 at
twelve o" clock noon; ; and should be ' lndo'rved
"Bid* for : Surrender of. Central Pacific Rail-
: way Company • First i Refunding - Bonds." •
CENTRAL PACIFIC- RAILWAY COMPANY
By E. H. HARRIMAN. President. "
New York. January^ 2. 1804. ;
MTSCKLLAXEOP8 FOR SALE Tow
3>4c ROLL and up: fine wall paper; samples
mailed; painting, tinting, papering. M. MER-
IGAN. 1302 Webster. Tel. JacUson 1321.
YELLOW canary birds and cages for sale.
15.10 Geary st. • .
SAILING ark for fishing and hunting. 328
Bush st.. third floor, room 4.
DESKS bought, sold and exchanged. T. D.
MCCARTHY CO.. 782 Mission; tel. Bush »67.
MILES of Dice and flttlr.Ks; all sizes. EU-
GENE RILEY & SONS. 109 Vallejo St.
SAFES and ca*h registers, new and second-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1329 Market st.
SOME grood second-hand gasoline engines. 1 to
12 h. p.. cheap. E. B. Beck & Co.. 122 Mkt.
SLOT machims cheap; Chlcagoea, Twentieth
Centuries. Pucks. BACIGALUPI. 933 Market.
DESKS and safest; see the complete line at 1816
Market, ab. Vac Ness. RICHARDSON BROS.
SAFES — New and necond-hand. THE HER;
MANN SAFE CO., 307 Battery st.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard & Breck, 131 Poet Bt.
SAFES— New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market st. '
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. Bacigalupi, 933 Mkt.
GASOLINE euglnes, automobiles and launches:
( all sites. J. E. DOAK. 40 Fremont at.
ASK for-nrlcea on second-hand typewriters; all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. IIP Montg'y.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at lf)06 Market st.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 r>. m. :¦ .. . ,,¦
ailSCELLAXEO ISWAXTS,.-
SMALL cooking range and refrigerator for
bfctel wanted to . purchase. Box 079. Call. •'
I PAY highest prices for all kinds of cast-oft
clothing; send postal. MORRIS, 870 Folsom.;
BOOKS and libraries bought. II: C. HOLMESi
— It4»- Market »t.; phone Jessie 3741. -or postal..
TILTON wants good 'second-hand clothing- and'
theatrical goods. .154 Oth st.:,tel. Jessie 2851. 1
. MONEY TO LOAN. ;
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY. . -V \
-. • • - ' . - 601-602-C03 Examiner building.;
Quick settlements; no disappointment.
. ¦ ,; Save expenses' by . dealing directly.? ".-»
. Estates,, secend mortgages, -undivided. Inter-
ests, assignments of rents,, property In trustl
•tc.;, legacies,- life estates and undivided In-
terests in property purchased. ' •-«'
, Courteous treatment. ,. . Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money ¦
Eee HERMAN MURPHY. \ .-. - .;
• - WILL; LOAN ~
A reasonable amount on ' '•
" • 1st, 2d or 3a
Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels, in city; town • -. k
• •-."¦•-". or country. ' ¦' ¦ ••
'., Low rate of interest.
-' Ulve' full particulars -•'-..,. *
of property or chattels.
Location, etc. • '¦ '-• - ' •'
Box 40$ Call office. ¦ ' * >'
MONET loaned to salaried people, retail •mer-
¦ - chants, teamsters,'* boarding houses, without
security; easy payments; largest business In
.' 46 principal cities. Tolman. 553 Parrot t. bldg,
HIGHLY reepx-etable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at 2
per cent' Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Stow,
846 Market; tel. Main 1644. Branch. 19 Third.
A — 1 pericent on furrilture or piano; no remov-
al, no commit-slon, no publicity: $25 up; quick,
¦ private, confidential. 26 Montgomery, rm. -7.
MONEY to loan on low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth et
1 ]a ZZZ '
MUNIGlFAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant ave..
1 LOANS FROM $1 TO $10,000.
NEW easy method — To wage-earners on unln-
dor?ed notes; absolute privacy. Fidelity Loan
Company, rooms 48-49, Chronicle bldg.
TO Ealarled people without security; on furni-
ture; indorsed notes and other security. S. F.
Discount Agency. 14:{ Pbelan building.
AT lowest ratse on furniture and pianos: strict
privary; no romntls3lon:lnstallments accepted.
EONELLI, Eddy. Conservatory building.
ANY sum on furniture cr pianos; no removal;
lowest rate; «asy payments; no commission.
1170 Market it., room 6S.
MONEY loaned; reasonable rates: NORTON
CO.. 708 Market St.. room 207.
ALL leans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 538 Kearny.
3 % ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN. room 81. 6 Eddy st.
1 PER cent on furniture or piano. 1003 Mu-
tual Savings Bank bids.. 708 Market St.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
ealaried employe?. R.311. Mutual Sav. Bk.bld.
CASH losned salaried people en notes without
lndor«er. MORELL. 609 Examiner building.
MLSICAL ISSTRUMEXTS.
ALL~l?PRIGHTs! . ~~ "^
Klmball, fancy walnut $.10
CoUard $?,7
Steinway $50
Henry Hertz $78
Occidental $82
J. & C. Fischer $S>2
3 Emersons, walnut, rosewood, mahog-
any, same as -new. each $1S7
Colby, cannot be told from new $235
Chickerlng $187
2 Pteinwaj-! 1 . large and email size, al-
most new JIOS-J^S
Heine, $475 style, slightly used f2S5
And 200 others.
All. pianos sold are guaranteed not to be
defective. Examine this list. We have never
had such a great variety ct so low a price.
Rents. $2 up; installments, $4 up. HEINE
PIANO CO.. 2T.5-237 Geary st.
A FINE lot of bargains in second-hand pianos,
including such makes as Stelnway, Hatnes
Bros.. Knabe, Hans. Foster, Weber, Star,
Marshall & Wendell, Sterling and other
makes. BENJ.'CUHTAZ & SON, 1U O'Far-
rell St.; no branches In Ran Francisco.
A FEW unredeemed storage piano;* (also 'fur-
niture) will bf sold to pay storage dirt cheap.
WHITEHEADS storage, 1036 Market st.
A STEINWAY square piano for sale. Call at
209, Fell st.. between 1 and 2 p. m.
NEW t'lanos koM on $5 monthly payments.
JOS. BCHMITZ & CO.. 10 McAllister st.
A FISCHER upright piano for,, sale; good aa
new; ?1"5. 237 Geary et.-
$85 — UPRIGHT piano: Steck mahogany; nearly
new. HORNUNQ BROS.. 2iC McAllister St.
BEAUTIFUL 3-pedal Steinway. upright piano;
perfect order; sacrifice. Keeffe's,2S5 O'Farrell.
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy pianos. Cncilian piano
player. BYRON MA1IZY, 308-312 Post st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. 11.
MULLER, tnaker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call
10 pases. In wrapper, fcr mailing. $1 per year.'
OFFICKS AND STORES TO LET.
TO lea«e — Premises suitable for market; 50xS0;
situated on a corner In a well-populated dial
trlct. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 20 Mont-
gomery st.
A LARGE newly fitted up store and basement
to let with 3 years lease; finest location; low
m rent; to-day. 269 O'Farrell'st.
TO let — Desk room In nice light office. Apply
at room 30r>. 12.'< California st.
NICE fine office to let; also fine front desk
room. Call at 419 California St.. room 21. ,
PALlii STRY. ~*
1IME. DEVAS. scientific palmist and astrolo-
gist: palm readings $1; a questions by ex-
press $;; open Tue. day evg. also. 139 Post st.
MME. NEERGARD. located at 242 Pest; hours
1 to 5 dally. Phone James 1. Classes.
II. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 515
Taylor st.. near Geary. Phone Wack 661.
I'APKHIIANGIKG, PAINTING, ETC.
KO0MS papered. $4 up; tintmX^^paintlRg!
Hartmar.n Paint Co.. 319 Third; tel. Main 413.
fATEWTS WAirerEP.
WHAT have you to offer tn this line for salT?
Box 5(13. Call office.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
.1O21»4 Market -St.. bet. 6th and 7th; partlcu-
. 'lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073H Market st.
REMOVEDr-DR. WONQ HIM. herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at 667 Geary st.. near Leaven worth. -..:
DR. TONG PO CHY. successor to Dr. LI Po
Tal. herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by 'Use of , herbs and teas. 727 Washington st
DR. M. MATSUDA has returned from Orltnt.
Now at SE. corner Geary and Taylor sta.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor — All dis-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay st. ,
ROOMS FOR IIOL'SBKBBPI.XG.
A— WHY remain In cold rooms when you can
Eet warm apartments at the Knickerbocker
Apartments. 1340 Pine *t. ?
CASTRO. 423— Two large sunny front unfur-
nished rooms In modern fiat: suitabU for
light housekeeping:: moderate.
De Normandy. The — 603 Post: bousekps; ran.,
$3 30 to (U 50 a week; running; water, phone.
EDDY, 033 — 4 unfurnished cr finely furnished
room-,; private residence; adults: phone.
GEARY, 10U2 — Nicely furnished sunny rooms,
en suite or single; housekeeping privileges;
running water; gas; reasonable.
HOWARD. 2.-581— 2 very larse well and com-
pletely furnished rooms; adults; 912.
LARKIN. 81bB— 3 or 4 large sunny furnished
rooms with regular kitchen: phone and bath.
TAYLOR, 911— Slnrie furnished housekeeping
room; gas range; folding bed; %".
THE VIRGINIA, 1005 Powell — Unfurnished
; bay-window suit; marine view; also house*
keeping rooms: gas range; sunny: bath
APARTMENT HOUSES.
GLENDOltK — New apartments on Pine st..
east of Van Ness ave.; & and 6 room* each,
with bath, steam beat, elevator service, elec-
tric lights, gas stoves and hot water sup-
plied without extra cost; will be finished
with exceptional beauty and taste and are
now offered for rent unfurnished; tenants
can rent direct from owner, who will manage
the buliding, now approaching completion;
open for Inspection. HOOKER & LENT. 14
Post st. ._•
MONTCLAIR APARTMENTS.
Cor. Pine and Taylor sts. : beautiful new mod-
em apartments; all sunny corner suites: fur-
nished or unfurnished; marine view: phone Pr.
Exch. 44.X LYON A IIOAQ. 118 Montgomery.
THE LUNGBR, 44."> Octavla. cor. JIayes — Just
completed; sunny; modern 3-rm. apartments;
elegantly furnished; electric lights; private
baths;. $40 up;'ref8.; also doctors' offices.
ST. CECILE. 115 Fell, above Van Ness— The
acme of perfection tn elegantly furn. 3-room
apartments; private hath?, steam heat. elee.
lights, elevator, gaa rangtte; $30 to <5S.
ST. LOUIS. 1C75- Jackson St.— Modern 3-4-5
rooms, also single; furnished or unfurnished;
marine view; now open; references.
HADDON HALL.
951 EDDY ST. REFERENCES.
APABTMEKTS WAH"T13I>.
WANTED — A 3-room furnished apartment;
mii«t be reasonable and central. Box CSS.
Call office . '
ROOMS TO LET Fnrn. and Cn tarn.
AURORA, corner Second and Fobom sts. — New
house, new furniture; every room outside:
modern and sunny; prices from $1 60 p«r
week up; thfs Is the only up-t'.-date house la
this vicinity: flrst-claes grill attached.
A BRUNSWICK House, 14S Sixth St.— Rooms
25c to $1 per night $1 25 to *5 per week and
llftht housekeeping rooms; open- all night.
AT "The Almonte," 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth St.— Rooms. 25c, COc. $1. $1 60 night;
SI CO to $10 week: house open all night.
BURNETT. 1428 'Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rooms, suite, single: also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD 204 Ellis, corner Mason — Elegantly'
furnished sunny rooms: prices reasonable.
CRYSTAL HOUSE. 967 Sutter st.— Elegant
rooms: board If wanted; reaa. respectability.
DE NORMANDT, THE. 605 Post St.— Neatly
furn. rooms. 52-J3 50 wk; run. water: phone.
FOLSOM. 834 — Sunny furnished room, with
closet and bath.
FOURTEENTH. 46 — Nicely furnished sunny
parlors; gas grate; suitable for 2; large bay
window; reasonable.
FOURTEENTH. l£l— Furnished rooms; front
parlor, bay-window; piano: bath; reasonable.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Hooma 35e
to $1 25 night : |1 50 to $0 wk. : reading-room.
GOLDEN GATE ave., .513— NJcely furaished
sunny room; running water.
MANIIEIM. 6S2 Sutter — Sunny front rooms;
strictly first class; transient.
MARKET. 10TS2 — Nice, sunny front rooms; also
housekeeping rocms: reasonable.
MISSION, 837A— Fine single rooms, with run-
ning water, closet; SI 50 per week and up.
ROYAL House. 120 Ellis— Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' car-
lor: rooms per night, 35c to $1 50; week. $2
to (8: month. $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SA"RAME.\TO. 1602— Modern sunny suite;
hands-omely furnished, piano.
ST. JAMES. McAllister and Laguna— A sunny
• furnished single room; rent $7.
UNITED STATES. 1^3 Eddy, near Market — 400
rooms. "3c t* (1 night, $1 75 to $6 week: elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water in every
room; elevator, read. -room; . free bus;baggage.
VAN NESS ave., 510— Elegant front parlors and
adjoining suite for office or club.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d st.. near Market—
Mcst convenient and respectable; 70O rooms:
35c to $1 50 night: $2 to IS week; elevator;
e!ec. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage
WOLF House. 2C2 Sixth— Electric light in
every room, rooms from 15c to $1 per night.
75c to $5 per week; open all night.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has beer,
opened at IOCS Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m. •
ROOMS AXD HOARD.
•"""^"^ HOTEL^TlATTON
977' Pine, nr. Taylor; elegantly furnished
suites; private baths; all modern conven-
iences; excellent table.
MCALLISTER. 7S1— Nicely furnished rooms,
with board: gents only.
The Wallace, 944 Van Ness. cor. O'Farrell st. —
Room and board $25 month; under new man'gt.
ROOM and board, modern conveniences, for a
gent.: private family. 1224 Golden Gate ave.
HOTEL ELSMERE, 4|S Sutter— Sunny rooms;
excellent tabl?: from $10; single $23.
Etevtnson mansion. ROT California — Fin* rooms;
new chef*: colored service: table specialty.
O'FARRELL 308 — Furnished rooms; horn*
cooking: German family: SO per week.
POWELL. B02. cor. Sutter — Large sunny corner
room fo» 2. t»rms reasonable: also slngU rm.
STUTTERING AXD STAMMERING.
MELBOURNE School'.' Van Ness-Market— Cure
in every case; Individual teaching; no medi-
cine. Inquire Into wonderful cures: home cur*.
MARRIAGE q LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Charles H. Miller. JH5. 13 White street, and
Rosetta Reilly. 22, C47 Point Lobos avenue.
Cornelius f«. Courtney, .24, 10*; Walter
street, and Julia J. Splllane. 23. 10% Waltfr st.
Isaac Goodman, 38. 1378 McAllister- street,
and Hazel Leszyosky, 22. ISIS Pine street.
William Keffoury, 2fi. 223 Green street, and
Ba*sma KefToury. 21. 223 Green street.
Thomas W. Kearns, 21, 343C Twenty-sec-
ond street, and £arah Leahy, 18, i:»u Fair
Oaks Jitreet.
William E. HefTernan. 21. 301 Leavenworth
street, and Alice G. Robson. 18. 1105 Hyde St.-
Louis I. Drreben. 81; Douglas, Ariz., and
Grace Jabots. 2.1, city.
Jatnes E. Moore. 23. 823Va Montgomery
street, and Ethel Young. 20. 52:< Pactnc street.
William H. Bock. 22. 71S Valencia st.-eet.
and Irene M. Bell. 20. 220 Thirtieth street.
John McCarthy. 20. West Berkeley, and
Laura A. Glenn, 16. 2 Stanly court.
BIRTHS— MARRIAQES—DEATH&
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the oublicatlon offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published- once in this column
free of charse.
BORX.
KAUFMANN— In this city. January 27. 1904.
to the wife of Charles F. Kaufmann. a
daughter.
MIONOLA— In this city.' January 20. 1904, to
the wife of Lewis Mignola, a daughter.
PATERSOX— In San Rafael, January 27. 1904,
to the wife of the Rev. C. O. Paterson, a
daughter.
RICE— In this city. January 29. 1904. to the
: -wife of E. P. Rice, a son.
ZUCKERMAN— In thla city. January 29. 1904,
to the wife of Adolpb Zuckerman. a daugh-
ter.
. MARRIED.
HAMMERSON— DAUBKNBIS8— In Oakland.
January 23. 1904, by Judge W. R. Geary.
Charles Hammerson of Belmont and Lulu
. J>.uhenbUs of Capitols. ' .
RICHMOND— JOTCE— In Alvarado. Cal., Jan-
uary 27. 18CH. by the Rev." Frank 3. F<wd.
pastor of the First Christian Church of dan
Francisco, Edwin A. Richmond Jr. and Dor*
' Joyce. , both of Alvarado. Cal.
SWEKNEY— VEIXJLER — January 16. 1904.
- George F.. Sweeney and. Alice Veiller.
DIED.
Aaron. Simon Kiszler. Annie
Ahern. John W. Liesenfeld. Elizabeth
Bylln, Albert J. Ltll. Conrad
Carr. Josie I. JlcCormack. John
Charlesworth. Mar- McDonald. Robert
Caret Methen. Sarah
Dalzlel. May O. Newell. Horace
De Haro. Isabel M. O'Leary. Mary
Delaney, Thomas F. (VS*II, Rev. Ja*. L.
Deshon, Very Rev.O. oinen. Maren M.
Dwyer, Patrick J. Samuel, Ernest
Dyer, Phillna S. Sloan, Patrick
Ellis. Charlea J. Spooner. Augustus S.
Fleck. Oustave Spring;. Mary
Flynn. Fran-is Sullivan. Denia
Foley. Kathleen F. Van Somtren. Harry
Fuller. Phillip O. Walker. Frances C.
Hallinan. Sarah A. Weyrather. Dora
Haskell. Noyea P. Whlpple. Charles
Jamleson. Jane Wickena. Arthur
Kelly. Eugene
AARON — In North Yakima. Wash.. January
2», 1804. Simon, beloved husband of the lat»
Hannah Aaron, and father of Mrs. Sn.-.i
Arendt and Adeline. louts and the late Al'
ben and Mannle Aaron.
AHERN— In this city. January 27. 1904. John
Walter Ahern, late District Attorney of
Kern County. California, beloved husband
of the late Josephine K. Ahern. father of
John F. Ahern son of Anne and the late
John M. Ahern. and brother of Mary A. and
Agnes J. Abrn, a native of San Francisco.
age<j 44 years.
C7Frlend* are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral to-day (Saturday), at
10 «• clock, from his lute residence, 13»)8 La-
guna street, thene- to St. Marys Cathedral.
where a solemn requiem hluh mass will b<»
celebrated for the r»-t>n»e of bla w.ul. oom-
menclng at 10:3t» oVlock. Interment Holy
Crofs Cemetery, by electric funeral car from)
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
MEMBERS of San Francisco Lodse No. 3. M.
P. O. Elka. are notified to attend the funeral
of our late brother. J. W. Ahern. un S-a'ur-
day mornins. at !• ::i> o'clock, from his la'.-»
residence. l.;os Lasuna street. Ev order
JAMES N. ODELL.
BYLIX— In this city. January :S>. 1«>«. Albert
J. Bylln. a native of Sweden. aj?ed .TO ytars.
CTFrient'a and arquaintan<«s are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday.
January 31. at 0 o'clock, from EaKles" Ha!!.
7.'!1 Market street. Interment Cyprfs-i Lawn
Cemetery. . Remains Rt the fun»ral parlors
of Porter Jt White, 42:5 GoIJen «Jate avent-.e.
OFFICERS and members of San Francisoo
Aerie No. & are respectfully reyuesttd to at-
tend the funeral of our late brother. Albert
J. Bvlln. at 2 o'clock, from Eazlrs«' Hal!.
Members of ulster A«rles are Invited t>> at-
tend. By order of
JEIMMK A. BASrfiTT. W. F.
Gt'S POHLMANN. W. S.
CARR— In this city. January 23. 1904. Josi*
I Carr. beloved wife of K. V. Carr, and
sitter of Francis H.. William. Thomas B..
James B. and Georre Murshy and Mrs I*.
J. Carr. a native of San Francisco, agftl oS
yeara 9 month." and ID days.
K3^Fri?n<is and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-«iay
(Saturday), at 8i;5O o'clock, from her lata
rcsldmce. .521* Noe street, thence to Mission
Dolores Church, where a requiem hijeh nias.+
will be celebrated for ihe r»pose of her toul
at I) o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
CHARLESWORTH— In thla city. January »>.
19C4, Manraret Charlesworth, beloved wif»
of J W Charleaworth. and mother of Olive.
Eveline. Clare, William and . Chariott-»
Charlesworth. a native of Manchester. Eng-
land, aged 51 years 11 months and VJ day*.
ETThe funeral will take place to-day
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 213 Fulton stre-t. th»nee to St. Mary's
Cathedral for services at 1 :;{l) o'clock. --In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
DALZIEL— In this city. January 20. 1904,
ijay Greenham. beloved wife of David Dal-
atlel, and sister of Mrs. J. F. Schemp an!
Mrs. P. HvinKBton Dunn, a native of San
Francisco.
mTFuneraT servires will be h»l<i at 2
o'clock Sunday, at 88 Frederick street. In-
terment private.
DE HARO— In this city. January 29. 10<M,
Isabel 'Marie, beloved daughter of Alonsi
and Mary E. de Haro, and sister of Mm. L.
P. Kirk, Mm. S. H. Adamaon and 1 Victor
and Frank de Haro. a native of San Mateo
County. •California.
C7 Remains at the mortuary chapel of the
Oolden Gate Undertaking: Company. 217&
Mission street, near Twenty-flrat.
DELANET— In Mojave. January 29. 1W.
Thomai F. Delaney of 268 Page street.
CTNotice of funeral hereafter.
, DESHON — A solemn month's mind re<ri!eTn
mass will be surg for the repose of th£*snul
o£ Very Rev. tJeoree Deshon. late ac?erior
general at ths Paulists. In St. Mary's iPaul-
Ist) Church on Saturday. January 20. at J
o'clock.
DWTER— In this city, January 29. 1SXM, Pat-
rick J.. beloved husband of the late Mary
Dwyer, and beloved brother of Mrs. P. For-
eyth« and the late John F. Dwyer. a nativ*
of County Galway. Ireland, aged 4G years.
C^Frienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday.
at 12:30 o'clork. from the residence of his
¦lstcr, Mra. P. Forsythe. 1417 Harrison
street, thence to St. Jc»?ph't Church, where
services will be held at 1 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Crossi Cemetery.
DYER — In this city. January 2S. 1904, Phllini
Sophia, beloved wife of James A. Dyer, a
native of Watesbury. Vt.
(C^Frlencfa and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Monday,
February 1. \09\. at 1 o'clock, at her lat<»
residence. 11S5 Valencia street, near Twenty-
third, thence to Central Methodist Episcopal
Church. Mission street, between Sixth ami
Seventh, where services will be held at -
o'clock. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery,
by electric funeral car from Corner of Eight-
eenth and Guerrero «treet».
ELLIS— In this city. January 27. 1904. Charles
J , beloved husband of AJd.e Illlia. and son
of W. J. and Lena, Ellis of Ukiah. Cal.. a
native of California, aged 20 years 5 month3
and 6 days.
C?*Fri€nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Saturday,
at 1:30 o'c'ock, from the Elks' Hall. TSi
Sutttr strett. Interment private. Plea^a
omit flowara.
FLECK — In the Cltv and County Hospital.
January 29. 11*04. Gustava Fleck, a native of
Germany, aged :» years.
FLYNN — In this city. January 2t>. .9(H. Fran-
cis Flynn. a nativ- of County Leitrlm. Ire-
land, ased tSO year*. A member of Pacific;
Coast Marine Firemen's L'nion.
(£S?Fricnc'.s arul ncrpiaintanccs are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at lt?::SO o'clock, from t^e parlors
of McFadden. McKrearty & Green. 1171 Mis-
sion «tre.»t. . thence to St. Patrick's Churrh.
where servires will b* held at 1 6'clock. In-
terment Holy Cress Cemetery.
FOLEY — In Alamerla. January 2S, IDOt. Kath-
leen France* Foley. b»loved daughter of
Anastatla and the late Michael Foley. and
sister cf Michael, Richard, Edwin. Ollvlt
and Cecelia Foley and Mn. William Jones,
a native of San Francisco, ascd 21 ytars
and 1 month.
C7Kriend> and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral s»rvi'.-«3
Sunday. January .11. 19OI. at 10 o'clock, at
St. Joseph's Church. Alameda. where mau
will be celebrated for the repose of her *?«:.
• Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. San Fran-
cisco frlendu will meet the fun?ra2. car at
12 o'clock at the ferry.
FULLER — In South San Francisco. January
27, JU04. PhllllD O. Fuller, dearly beloved
husband of Catherine S. Fuller, a natl\i» vt
Baden, Germany, aged 4t> years u month*
and 1 day. A member of Court Diana Mat
1123, I -O. F. .
lt7Friend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend th» :uneral Sunday.
January 31. at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. Thirty-second and Railroad avenues
south. wh«*r<" services will be held under th*
auspices of Cot:rt Diana No. 11311. 1. O. F.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
HALLINAN— In thin city. January 27. 10OI.
Sarah Augusta, dearly beloved daughter of
Patrick and Sarah Hallinan. and beloved sis-
ter cf Nathaniel and Joseph Hallinan and
Mrs. Henry IConnemann. a native of aan
Francisco, ajed 2 ( J years 2 months and 2t>
days.' A member of Genevieve Parlor No.
132. N. D. G. W.
E^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Jnvlttd to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 9:C0 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her parent*. 14^3 Seventh avenue,
between L and M strata south, thence ti>
All Hallows Church. Sixteenth avenue and
N street south, where a requiem high ma"*
will be celebrated for the re*c»» of her soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment H31y
Cross" Cemetery.
TO tt« officers ani members of Gen«viev»
Parlor No. 132, N. D. O. W.— Ton are here-
by requested tn assemble at 1425 Seventh
avenue, between L and M streets south. Sat-
urday. January .to. l'.«>4. at 9 o'clock sharp.
to attend the funeral services of our tato
slater, Sarah Augusta Hallinan. By order of
EMMA MATHESON. President.
T. PEQUILLJAN, R*c. Sec
HASKELL— In East Oakland. January 23.
1904 Noyes P.. beloved husband o" Eveilna
M. Haskell. and fath'r of Mr*. A. II. Hills,
a native of Maine, aged 80 years 7 months
ami 7 days. • > jv*-»»**?iiBl9fc«HQBS
, E7Fmnds and acquaintances arc respect-
fully InvlteJ to Attend the funeral services
Sunday aft.'rnor.n. January 31. imvj, at '£
o'clock, at his late residence. 33 Bella Vista
avenue. East Oakland. Interment private.
JAMIESON — In this elty." January 28. 1004.
Jane, Moved mother cf Mary A. Jamlnon.
aged S6 yeara and 2 months. (New Yorlc
City papers please copy.)
C7FrieiHJs and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Saturday.
at 2 o'elock. from her late residence. 1501
Treat .avenue. Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery.
KELLT— In tWs elty. January 23. 190*. Eu-
gene,, beloved husband of Catherla- Kelly.
and unvle of Eufene Kelly Jr. aad Annto
Conway, a native of Cotmty Down, Ireland,
aged 60 years. fMarysvUIe. Cal., and New
- York papers pleas* cecy.) •
. • CT Friends and acquaintances ars respect-
fully In-vlted to attend the funeral to-day
Continued on Pace Fonrteetk
FEATHER ttK3fOVATiy C. „ ~ £
*5T~n7^r^^n7cPproce«ir"cal. Steaai Feather
Co.. U2i Van Nt-ss live.: tel. Howard 316<.
¦ . FINANCIAL.
4U PEB CENT
Is paid on ordinary na vines accounts and C
p»r c-ent en term accounts by the Phoenix
< tarings U and L. Ai*>oclatlon. 516 Cali-
fc;-ria st. A. A. WaitktaBj president; Charles
It. liifhop, vice pr*»si<i<-nt; S. Prenti^s Smith,
treasurer • Claresre Grange, secretary and man-
aging director; Gavin McNab. attorney; George
C. liosirdman and Char>s E. Ladd. directors;
Walter K. Smith, cayhier.
fcubser:b«>d capital. 5S.O0O.000: paid In capi-
tal. $J.00C>00: reserve fund. $200,000.
' COMPANIES 1 incorporated, financed and stock
floated. W. H. U1TTNER. Lawyer and Fl-
nwpclal Ag'-tn. ¦•22 Ijan Spreckels bldg.
FVU NITIRE FOR SALI5.
, FOR ealc: — Furniture of a completely fur-
: r*;»h'ed cottage for housekeeping, 4 rooms. 2
l>o<;-rcK'ro!<, parlor and kitchen: everything
new. only 4 months ago; price $175, or will
rent lor $27 :>U per month. Address bo*
.«:£•. Call cfice
. y.OH a&l* — Furniture of a C-room flat: carpets,
bediojtn suites, parlor st't. clninc-room and
: -kitch«-n furniture; all new. only been uaeii
_¦ ft. months. Addres* box €31. Call.
. FORD, j^ Seventeenth and Eighteenth.
. No* nv.i Fanchez— Lovely upper sunny flat;
• r<x?ms; modern; rent $20; water free.
.A — $100 NO 7 combination cotl and gas
• raagt; used 2 — — «ta; $.V>. 403 Valencia St.
Nrw corner flat; 12 rooms, 2 baths; marine
• view. Rex 756. Call.
FOl'n joomi to let: furniture for sale. 432tt
. Tenth «t.
FCRXlTt'RE WASTKD.
IflGHEST prices for furriture and rndse L. H
ntTRD, auctioneer. ISIS Mkt.: tel. Howard 27M
' HELP WANTED— KEMALe!
COOK, no washing jX*>
•¦»ok.- 4 in family. Mill Valley ii.-J0
t cooks, with and without washing- . .$30 $35
¦ ,3«aeeood eir!s $20.' $2T»
.3 rursegirls. a.«s'.« with children $20, t"T>
lAun<!re*s. for institution !.$25
2 •nuwsegirls $25
>"!ean*iK woman, h $20
Wait:ft|f, 3 days »e*ji. .-: -:n.1\ placv.$l SO day
IJfir:ir.K-room girl, iastuulli n. eity $25
2 dining-room girls, institution, country. .$23
' . 2 male? and seamstresses f2fl. $25
• ''44 hrusesiris, city and counrry ..$20, $2S JiS'J
. .- A-ji-Qv to J, F. CBQSETT & CO.. 334 Sutler.
A— .WANT}:!)— Girls to learn hairdressing
niar.icunrr, etc: trade taught from A to Z
•" tn 2 wrfkt; ?T> to tro»e entering now; 3 po-
t ::•< ~ to til; immediately; positions (ruaran-
• teed at $10 per week s:;': leading school in
TVeet. 2:>3 G*ary St.. room 13.
A — G'r!s to Jeara millinery now for spring s?a-
*on; both seasons taught from start to finish
in 1 rii'mth for $15; i«of*itions as trimmers.
saiesladies. etc.. -...:¦¦¦¦¦¦: at $10 per wk. up;
iay etid c:a«s. 143 Ptorkton st.. r. 13.
A— LAI) IKS to Jearn ail branches hairdrenslns
trade. mar.if.:rin*f, masrage, etc. 12."t; Mar-
¦ iet St.. cor. Joa»s. room 94; positions secured
. at highest wa£F»; day and eve. class; call.
SETWING MACHIXH OPERATORS AND RIV-
KTFTRS: NO EXinP.IENCE XECESSART:
PAir> SALARY. LKVI PTKAITSS A CO.'S
•FACTORIES, -a^- FRKMONT S=T. AND 1SI3
MlSapX. NEAR FIFTEENTH.
EXPEB1EXCED girl* to make paper boxes
•for factory in Los Angeley; steady position;
1 ctcx! wages. I5ox 3C7, Call.
WANTED— Chambermaid. Apply 406 G*»ry
street.
WOMAN of good references and ability willing
to train for a high-clafs position. Box 029.
C&J! office.
GIRL for general housework; good pay to right
, parti. UJS Ellis st.
WAXTEI' — Good piri fcr lifcht housework and
plair. o»->k ! r.g. :{*?4 Army ? t.
WANTED— Reliable girl; general housework.
;;SC:; Nineteenth st.
• ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Cali H.-anch ofSce. cor. Dunes n & Church st*.
CLAPFinEO advertisements" an<1 subscriptions
received at Call branch office.? 2200 Flilmore.
HELP WAXTED- MALE]
A— MVRRAT & REACT. Ki4^TcTay~st^
"Mione Matr. "MS.
LpaSing Employment an<l I^abor Afrents.
"fltX* \v» jrave l'J«>4 we hope to
CO.tXXi^ men work. increase 6W.O0O.
SOUTH.
ATUZONA, CLOi^U TO PRESCOTT.
910 Miles. . Arizona- J9 10
SHir DAILT
TO
ARIZONA.
•Cook. rmaH hotel, city, $35 sni found.
Cook, country saloon. $45 and found.
Teamster, city, $12 week.
Man »nd wife, country hotel, man as waiter,
wife as laundress.
Foreman, small planlnc-mill; country; see
t*»* here.
Fliinrle •Jointer, $35 and found.
Milker. German. Swiss, fare paid. $35 and
TiaFtf-r moldmaker, terra cotta work?.
»'a:rn»r and wife. C. C. Co.; see boss here;
f»'t and found.
Farmer and wife, Nevada, $.V) and found.
Ilarber. run Fh^ri or. shares; ohoreboj'. ranch,
$15 anil found;' trainer, city; boy for store,
city; cs'rriage trimmer, :. married laborers.
fawroii) company: -i ¦woodchoppers, redwood
Mac, ;i:ne Jl 25 rord. .
OFFICE OPEN 7 A. M.
•MURRAY & KEALY. £;4-C".<> Clay st.
AT ST. R. HAXSEN & COS. .. Phone Grant 1S3
Machinist, ccuntry. north $?, 50 day
.'Wa» J <lcnoppeTf. teamsurs and others.
• C ft. HAKEEM & CO 423 Bush ft
MIDDLE-AGED American c!erk~as solicitor
and collector. $39. refer«ac?s: farmer and
wife. $S<> ur.d found: man about place, 5^3
. rf'n'i found; laundryman for institution, $>D
and found: restaurant cooks and others. J.
.FY OROFETT A CO.. «2t> Sacramento st.
A MAN and wife for Southern California:
"wages tCO: »-xrjerience and references from
last p:ace nM»ssary: no obier-tlon to 1 or 2
•-hlldrer.. Call at MISS PLUNKETT'S 425
*iutt*r «t.. near 1'owell.
KR1CKSETTER. city. ?2 50 a day. OALI-
. FOUNIA KMP. AGENCY, 14 Third st., near
Call building.
COLORED waiter* for first-class family hotf>!.
to s r » to work Ft-bruary 1. ANDRE. 317
Stockton st.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 2G Montgomery, r. 12—
Pantryman, city. *35; no room.
A— L L
Men to learn the barber trade in two month*
and secure food positions; catalogue and full
information mailed fre«. &1OLER System
CdleKe. <-;" Clajr st-
GOVERNMENT positions — Call at room 14.
fifth fiocr. 9C9 Larkin et.. for free information
et to positions, ealarieti, age limits, etc.: day
. or •venirir*.
WI1T pay biff prices to have your shoes belf-
soled when you can grt-t It done for 25c. 00c
. - and ' •-"¦ vrhil« you wait at ¦'. ; : Mission ct..
bet. 1st and ™d »ts.. cr 11 Third et.
WANTED — Experienced sal'-irnan for furniyh-
;ng eoo6f department. Apply S. N. WOOL'
& CO.. 740 Market st.
WAJCTEI> — Firrt-clacs Job fires*man for platen
presses Apply •SANUOR.V. VAIL & CO..
741 Market st.
WANTED— For bookbindery at Ijos An^eJes.
Cal., paper ru!er; Meady position; wages $18
to tUO |.^r week. Box 761. Call.
WANTED — Active, honest did; outside wcrk
and collecting; eslary $50 month; $200 cash
' dppopit required. 20 Montgomery at., suite n.
1 TRY _our men 1 is thorr. union made, at *1 and
tl pair; fog-form fhoe, at (2 50; we i>ay
eypree? or mail dsarSM. 1 1 3d St.. Exam. bid.
. PORTER for harW shop- call 7:30 a. E. 1405
Polk st.
WANTED— Coat and pants maker by CI.AR. 1
IJakersfiPld, C a i Y
*JE2* *ale— 2-chair barter shop; a bargain. Box
• '¦•• Call office.
THREE younir men to earn their way throurh
college by worklr.p outside of school hours,
.board not included. California Buslneaa Ool-
l«ge. SOS Larkin «t.
WANTED— Laborers ar.d mechanic* to know
that Ed Itolkln. Reno House proprietor, baa
*,~ iL n * w rooini to the Denver Houie.
-:< Third ct.: 2^0 rooms: a>c to 50c per night.
• "^'ANTED— Mer and wemen to learn the bar-
ber trade: wares psid while learalnr. Call
or address WESTERN COLLEGE OF BAB-
2 BERS. 647 Commercial ft.. Eaa FrancUco.
BARBER shop; very central; modern fixtures'
- T «1*45 : JL*?,"*" lf caJI *d for immefiUtely.
¦>TOLTZ. 7ri Market st.
JOO TOUNO men of 18 yeara. with eood c har-
ccter. to orsranlxe military crfaaization. Call
at 473 Valeacla et. between 6 and 8 p. m. '
MUSICIANS to Join military band. 328 Bush
et. third floor, looza 4.
2 "Cilt A T R^ c i. t 7.-J5?/ ber eho ° tOT «'•• Inquire
TV ILL ft FIN Civ.
nELP WAXTED — MALE~Con. '_
WANTED — Experienced solicitors, men and
¦women, to handle merchandise contracts;
good compensation; easy proposition to
place; Investigate. Royal Mercantile Co..
KUlte 10. Columbian bldg.. or 902 Broadway,
Oakland.
BARBERS, take notice — The office of secre-
tary and Free Employment Bureau has re-
moved to 9 City Hall sq.. or 1504 Market St..
Journeymen Barbers' Union. Local 148. JOS.
It. BLEILY. Secretary. ,
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 per pair, foot-form shoes at $2 50, or
orthopedic shoes, $3 50; best shoes on earth. 11
Third St., Exam. bldg.. 5 doors from Market.
WANTED— A flrsl-clacn carriage blacksmith at
good wages. Apply to A. MEISTER & SON3
CO.. Sacramento. Cal.
PENSION ATTY.. M. HARRIS, 40 Ellis St.; 14
years' practice; references from thousands of
persons for whom I have secured pensions.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for deep-water
ships. Apply DENT'S place, 2C Steuart st.
PENSION atty.. E. A. BuIHs, room 40, Phelan
bldg. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G.A.R.
MEN to learn barber trade. San Francisco
Barber College. 741A Howard st.
Wl NCH ESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms; 35c night: reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advert leements and subscriptions has been
opened at IOCS Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m. ¦
CLASSIFIED advertlsments and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. SC3 Mission Bt.. bet. 1st and 3d sts.
GET yrar t>hoes half soled while waiting; 23c
to 50c. f>63 Mission st.. bet. 1st and-2rt sts.
HORSES A>D WAGOXS.
A — .*>5 HEAD of good work hcrses and mares,
suitable for contractors or ranch work; must
be eold; lf you want to buy,, sell or exchunge
anything in our line, give us a call; all horses
sold !>y us are guaranteed to be as represent-
ed; auction tuiles every Monday at 11 o'clock,
at EUis-st. Stable, CIA. Ellis St. S. WAT-
_KINS. Auctioneer. ¦ ' .
FOR sale — A stylish pair of carriage horses;
black, gentle, good goers, no trick?. Apply
1317 Jackpon St.. Oakland, or 22 'California
•t., room 7. San Francisco.
BI'GGT. harness and . a mare, * stands about
1GH hands : stylish; can be trained 'to trot
in 2:18 or 2:20; a fine buggy animal; will
sell reasonable. Box 883, Call office. , . -
FOR eale — Cheap; one span of horses. 5 and 6
years old; well broke: weigh 1250 pounds; or
will trade for a rood heavy team. Inquire
l.'-l Railroad ave.. Alameda.
FIFTEEN fine young roadaters and business
horse?, thoroughly broken and guaranteed.
Occidental Horse Exchange. 24tl Third st.
FOR safe— 6 second-hand exprtss wagons, an3
two trucks. 223 Beale St. t . '. .; s
FOR sale cheap: 3 spring business wagjons.
new; 1 2d-hand waison.' 1CSO' MiKSioo.nr.13th.
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping .wagon
and go-cart for sale cheap. 532 Mission st.
Largfjit assortmt 2d-hand-wagons.buckb'd, sur-
rey, harness. work. driving horses. Ijth-Valencia
HOr«B$ TO LET.
A— PRINTED list of hoiisesTto ietTsendTor^cin
cular. G.H.l'MBSEN & CO., 20 Montgomery.
A — HOUSES and flats to let; an immense list;
service absolutely free; take advantage of
thin department; it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes "Furniture Co.. 245-253 Geary
ft., en the square.
BEFORE moving get our printed list of houses
to let. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 25 Post St.
IIOtSES FCRMSHED FOR SALE.
410 JONES— Furnished house 8 rooms for sale;
rent $55. Call after 1 o'clock.
IXVESTMEXTS.
BONDS. STOCKS AND MORTOAGES.
All dividend-psyins securities for -sale.
GKKMANIA INVEST." CO.. i<27 Market st.
I ' LOST AXD FOUXD.
LOST— A i.assbook with the Hibernia Savings ,
and Loan Society of San Francisco In the
nan-.e of James Power*. No. The
finder will Dtesuse return to bank.
LOST — At Alhambra Theater, Wednesday, Jan.
27. Ptrsian lamb neck cravat. Liberal re-
ward if returned to Alhambra box office.
LOST — A <Laverack tetter) dog, Sport, black
and Wbfte, black #>ars. Return io J. B1CR-
GEZ, Pine st. : suitable reward.
BLACK «itcht| and tianclbaa*. corner Eight-
eenth and Valencia. Will lady who found It
I'lrase return to .'J.'!fX> Eichteenth St.? Reward.
LOST at ferry Wednesday eve., gold meno-
grarr.med watch. Return to 132C Devisadero
St.: rtvard.
LOST — An Elk charm, initialu "W. J. W.. No.
«." Klnuly return to ;JO3 Cush et. and re-
ceive reward.
LOST— Monday evening, on Sutter et., between
Ortavia and Franklin, fur neck piece. Re-
turn to 1N04 Bush Ft.; reward.
LOST — W.'dr.t s lay. eold lockot. Initial "L";
reward. Royal ln». Co.. 201 Sertome st.
MEDICAL.
MKS. DR. v/YE?n7~specIaiiEt for all female
ccmplaints; instant relief guaranteed: 30
yt-ars experience; removed to KM Post St.
MRS. DP.. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and irregularities; instant 're-
lief guaranteed. IOOS'4 Market St.. opp. Oth.
DR. G. W. ODONNELL— All who are sick or
in trcuble consult this specialist on female
comrlair.t*: positively corrected; the unfortu-
r.atf helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office. I01S Market st.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
positively cund; new method; 1 wtek's treat-
rnent free. Dr. Cottii.gham. 204 Sutter st.
MRP. I). ALLKN, 111S Market— Reliable ladies'
FP»-<!allF.t; a private home before and during
confinement; bes» medical care; low fees:
Drs. Goodwin. 73-1 Turk. nr. Van Ness — Expert
In obstetrics, female complaints; Inst. rel'.ef;
treatment J10; hours, 10 to £>; 25 years' exper.
DR. ROSEN resides 20T»5 Folsom «t.. corner
-t:th: ladle*, relief or no fee: $10.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES and HINDOO HERBS;
origlral method of treatment. 1126 Market st.
DR NG TOY KEE. .119 Powell St.. opposite
Union Square: all diseases cured by herbs.
MINKS AND MINING
THE Monterey Gold Mining Company, which
owns one of the most valuable mine* in Cali-
fornia, has placed on the market 20,000 shares
of Its stock at 23c a share, the par value
being fl. Mr. J. J. Taylor, the eminent min-
inc expert. Is In charge of the work and re-
ports that the richness of the mine Is gaining
rapidly as the work advances; this stock will
go to 92 a share within the next i'l months;
lmerestc-d parties can eee the quartz and gold
lal.'n cut of this mine at the of8ce of their
fiscal agents
tJERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market st
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand maehlnery. McInI
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-187 Fremont st.
TRY ASBESTOS roof paint and be convinced
that It is the only paint that will stop all
leaks in any roof, either metal or shingle; It
is also the best preservative paint for all new
metal and eh!ngle roofs, and makes the roof
Ian over twice as long than painted with
ar.y other paints; it has no equal. Office. 418
California st.. rcom 21; telephone James 5710.
DOES TOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair it with elaterite: In rolls easy to lay:
Deeds no painting or coating: good over old
Iron, tin or shingles; best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO., 713 Market St.
I FOR SALE — 5 II. P. electric motor, one cir-
cular saw bench, one 18 and one 20 Inch
circular saws. L. J. NEVERS, 125, 137. 139
Mason St.. new building.
2D-HAND machinery, boilers, engines, pumps.
pulleys, shafting, etc.. etc., bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 180-132 Beale st.
A— Fine suits, |7 CO; dress pants, S2 50. Orig-
inal Misfit Clothing Parlors, 238 Kearny st.,
near Bush; open to 9 p. ro.. Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, ' water pipe,, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
A FINE selection of trunks, suit cases and
tailor-made ruits sold on small weekly pay-
ments. Misfit Clothing 1'arlors. 25 Stockton.
TYPEWRITERS, slightly used, sold at cost:
new Underwood visible typewriter catalog
sent free. R. E. Revaik & Co.. San Francisco.
ALTERATION sale— Best *2 50 hats/»l 50.
Popular Price Hatter. 330 Kearny st.. near
Pine; open to Op. m. ; Sundays to noon.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 60 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 SO; we pay express
charcc s. 11 od St.. Exam. bid. ; catalog free.
WANT ADVERTISERS IN NEXT SUNDAY CALL
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR^ SALE.
thomas^maoeI^ & sons,
real estate agents,
no. 6 montgomery st.
BROADWAY I-OTS.
$12,000— Broadway corner; 50x137:6; only $210
a foot for the corner; neighborhood not
to be excelled In the city; magnificent
marine view; Inslue lots across the
street are Belling for $4C0 a foot; this
lot must be eold Immediately.
$10,500 — Broadway, with space on both sides;
80-foot front: fine residence locality.
$9,000— Broadway, north side, with fine view
.¦from rear of lot, and permanent space
on the west.
$20.000— Broadway: 50-foot front by 137:6 feet
¦ ¦ deep, with magnificent and unobstruct-
ed view of bay, Marln County hills and
Golden Gate.
$390 a foot— Broadway; 42:6 feet, or 65-foot
front, with unobstructed marine and
land view; street work all done; neigh-
borhood first class.
160 by 275; Broadway corner, with positively
unobstructed view of the bay. Golden
Gate and Presidio; an Ideal site for
a large and elegant home.
$25,000— 87:G by 137:0.' on Broadway: street
work all done; block is being built up
with first-class homes.
$20,500 — Broadway corner; 50-foot front; street
work on both sides all done; inside lot
within % block of this corner waa this
week sold for nearly $400 per foot.
. BROADWAY RESIDENCES.
$55,000— I jirge and magnificent residence on
north pld e of Broadway, right in the
view district; over 65 feet of frontage
by full depth.
$2.1,000— Large residence on north side Broad-
way, with fine sized lot; this houBe
Is very well built and has a very fine
view .from the rear.
$22,500— Broadway corner; new house, only
recently built: street work all done,
with new and very fine houses in the
immediate neighborhood: this house Is
complete In every respect; an excep-
tionally fine view:
$18,000— North side Broadway; good residence,
having a tine view; 60 feet frontage;
12 ' rooms and bath.
THOMAS MAGEE & PONS.
NO. 5 MONTGOMERY ST.
. ' ' * ' 530 CALIFORNIA STREET.
' (Savings Union Building.)
$1,800— tlnion, sunny side of street, near
Broderick; 25x100: fine marine view;
ready for building ; easy paymentiO $25
a month; first payment J2.1; very cheap
lot: well located: cars pa3».
$2,100 — Filbert-st. corner; cars; on Union; 25
xlOO; very cheap; the opposite corner
. Just sold for S245O.
$0,500 — Larkin st.; 2 flats; 7 rooms each.
$»,5CO — Brod<*rlek-st. corner; 2 flats; new.
$1VKK) — Two lots, east side of 11th ave.. 150 ft.
north of Clement: 50x120.
$10.000 — Webster-st. corner; lOOxllO.
$400— Lot, 25x120; ready for building; really
worth double the price.
$50,000 — Pacific Heights; 2 grand corners; 275s
137:0; panoramic marine view; the
choicest lots for view in the city.
$200 fr.ont foot — Pacific Heights: a magnifi-
cent lot, CSxlO5; grand marine view;
cheap.
$4,000 — Point Lobos corner; 45x100; 2-story
building; very cheap.
$9,000— Baker St.. . NW corner. 137:6xl37;6;
• fine buy for a builder.
$3,750 — Clement st. sunny side; a fine piece to
improve with- stores and flats for In-
come: 79x115; very cheap; best part- of
the street.
W. J. GUNN.
530 CALIFORNIA ST.
LOTS, N or S side of Golden Gate Park, pur-
chased by W. J. GUNN. 530 California st.
BARGAINS^ • "~
?."57OO — House of eight rooms; modern: lot
25x114: sunny Bide Army st.. between Dolores
and Church; rent^ for S3O.
$:!500 — House of seven rooms; modern; lot
20x125; Fair Oaks 8t., between Twenty-fifth
and Twenty-sixth: easy payments.
$2050 — Cottage five rooms and bath; Junction
Precita ave. and Army St.; lot 25x100: easy
payments; rents for jlS. J. F. PLUM BE.
1-102 Valencia st.
FOR SALE CHEAP.
Neat cottaee, with all modern improve-
ments; terms same a.« rent. Apply owner,
lumber yard, SE. corner Alabama and Mont-
calm sts.
CALIFORNIA House Wrecking Co. pays the
• highest price for buildings and will wreck
the largest building completely within 10
days. Northwest corner Mission and Tenth
•ts.. office and yard.
ALMOST new modern cottage, 5 r. and b.,
large basement; lot facing 2 streets: cheap
for cash: principals. Box 551. Call office.
TWO-STORY house, 6 rooms and bath; 2 car
lines; grand marine view; near Cliff House.
410 Forty-fifth ave. -
LOTS In the Mission for $150 each on easy
terms; 2 blocks from cars. D. COFFIN* &
CO., 3303 Mission st.
BUILD on your unimproved realty: we loan
full cost Improv. and part lot at 6 per cent.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building.
DO jo-j wart « n!?5. bathroom? Call on AHL^
BACH & MAYER. Plumbers. 830 Howard st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 paces. In wrapper, for mailing. ' $1 per year.
HEAI. KSTATK Country For Snlr.
FOR sale—^Ranch of 74 acres; good hcuse~and
outbuildings; partly to fruit; near S. P. sta-
tion Aptos, Santa Cruz County. Cal.; price
$5000; also other lands for sale. For partic-
ulars address Postmaster. Moss. Cal.
$10 A MONTH buys a 10-acre farm. "
$200 profit per annum per acre. ;
Write for booklet It's free 603 J st
WRIGHT & KIMBROL'GH. Sacramento. Cal.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchard*.
vineyards: Inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logues eent free. C. M WOOSTER CO. 64S
Market st.
"^^^^^^^^^^u^a^TTand! ~" ~
I am the. pole owner of 133 acres in the fa-
mous A'uelta Abaja District of Province of
Pinnr del Rio, the great tobacco center of
Cuba; tltlfe guarant«>d; I wi*h to sell bO
acres in whole or part, immediately, before
returning to Cuba; will plant and handle for
purchaser; 1 represent no real estate firm,
• no colony* Bchrnip, ho stock company; a
first-class investment; no circulars; refer-
ences given. For particulars see or address
K. H. REQUA. 1417 West St.. Oakland. Cnl.
~££JltiyL _^l£"?Jl" *P. ?¦"?¦*¦*' r g STATE.
4 LOTS cheap for cash. 323 Bush St., room
4, third floor.
WATER front lots and bargains: all tracts;
maps, photos, etc. BELL. 417 Parrott bldg. .
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'M'NTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
A~FEW BARGAINS, "
$1250— 4-room cottage: half block of car -line:
- three blocks of station; street work all
done; $200 cash, balance $15 per month,
including interest at 8 per cent.
Here is a chance that everybody has
. been looking for — a lot in the warm belt
of the foothills; "we have opened up .i
small tract; lots only $700 each; come
and Inspect them; easy terms. m
¦ MORAN & SWAIN.
2131 Shattuck ave.. opposite Berkeley station.
(Successors to L. J. Moran & Co.)
BARGAINS — We buy, sell, exchange or build
MURDOCH & CO.. Lorln Station. Berktleyl
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE/ 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND ' FURXITlfRE FOR SALE.
TO-MORROW, the day for bargains In furni-
ture. H. Scheilhaaa.llth st..cor.atorp.OaklatKi
SEWING MACHINES AXD, SUPPLIES
NEW HOMEr-SeB our new triple-feed ma-
chines; slightly used; $10. $15. $20; second-
hand. $3. $3.~$S; all styles; guaranteed. New
Home Sewing Machine Co., 1051 Market st.
$16. BO-^-NEW Improved drop-Sead nlekel-ftnlsh.
, guaranteed 1Q yrs.: 2d-hand sewing machines
$2 B0. $3. $4. 145 fith i»t.: tel. Jessie 313ft
'..,.. P1VIDEXP , NOTICES.
&AN FRANCltfCO and Suburban Home Butld-
¦, Ing Society, 6th floor. Mutual Savings 3a ok
building. 708 Market St.. opposite Third—
For the half-year ending 31st of December,
1803. a dividend, has been declared at th*
: rate per annum . of (12) twelve per - cent oa
¦' capital • stock and participating certificate ».
tree of taxes., payable on and after SATUR-
DAY. January 2. 1904. JOSEPH' A. LKON-
: ARD. ". Manager. HUGH CRAIG. . S- cretary.That .it. was wicked to eat food - was
the delusion of a woman who died In
Bethlehem Lunatic Hospital, Lambeth,
and upon whose body an inquest was
held recently. .
P Ed ward Corbett to William Norton, lot' on
E Une of Harrison rtrcet. &5 SW ot Juniper
FT » by £E 100; $10.
Peter Lowrey to J. Cuneo Company <a cor
poration), lot on S line ot Vallejo street, 5S:9
E of Jcu-t E 2:9 by S 45:10, consisting of
i
THLT.SDAT. JANUABT 28.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
LAP lem r.s.102U — I <ifM)3)Sr B-lMSi —
Mkt-st.C es.llt!* 4 imi <10C8) ....IOC —
Do lcm 5s.lH*i — f fl9J2> .... — ll&ii
NRRT of C6s.lO« — JSPC 1 eg 5s. — -I
Po f.8 ....117% — I Do stmpd. — no
N P CM* 6a. — lC'iUiS P B R 63.133*: —
NCR 5s..— 112 S V W es.I0fi-%107«
N c p c loo Do4» 2dm. oos —
N S R R {is. — — i .Do 4* 3dm. 00 U —
O'Gi-L H r,s.lO8 .— Stkn C.&E «s. — 102
O W gtd 5s. — 93 ' U G & E 3». — — ;•'
With five clubs in existence in the
State, the next step Twill be to form an
association. The Paciflc\Coast Scottish
Bowling Association with five " members
to start with would soon number two
or three times' that many. It is possible
that within the year the first coast
championship willhave^ been decided.
Several championship .tournaments
have " already ; been held, but j they have
been : confined to San v Francisco. ; The-
San Francisco and Oakland clubs have
met in "competition twice and
times the honors have gone to the local
Sacramento, San Jose and Saratoga will
all have "greens" in the near future.
J. Reynolds, an enthusiast from Sac
ramento, visited the rinks at Recre
ation Park last Saturday in search of
information as to the laying out of a
green in his city. Mr. Reynolds in
formed the, bowlers that there are many
Scotchmen' in the capital f city who are
eager to play the game they learned
as children, "'he visitor was taken in
hand by Y. C. Lawson/ the president
of the club and one of the most enthu
siastic bowlers, and when he reached
home he undoubtedly knew all that was
necessary to start a Scotch bowling
club. ' Mr. Lawson premised Mr. Rey
nolds the .support of the club. -It was
agreed that interclub matches would
be arranged as soon as the new ' club
had got fairly started: "
The ancient game of Scottish bowls,
or "bowling on the green," as it i3
called in Scotland, bids fair to become
one of the most popular of the many
outdoor recreations that are indulged
in all the "year round in this State. The
game was started less than a year. ago
by a few enthusiasts in, this city. The
local club, known as the San. Francisco
Scottish Bowling Club, has thrived be
yond the expectation of even the most
sanguine and now boasts of a mem
bership list.reaching almost a hundred.
On this list are. the names of some of
the most prominent "men in the city,
and, strange to say, many of them are
neither .from Scotland nor of' Scotch
parentage. : •¦¦' . .
Oakland soon followed the lead of San
Francisco, and a club was . organized
acfoss the bay. t It has . been In exist
ence'but a few'months, but its growth
has also been rapid: 'Last .Week it; de
veloped that three other cities -in the
State' are about to . form ' clubs,", and it
.is expected there will be five; clubs on
the coast in the course of a few weeks.
It is Expected Members of Five Clubs
Will Be Playins the Game
Shortly.
BOWLIXG OX THE GREEN'
GROWS IX POPULARITY
Continued From Page Fifteen.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Judge Lumley Smith in the City of
London Court . recently expressed his
disapproval of the practice of creditors
sending postcards to the places where
their debtors were employed. :
- % Friday. January 23. j
Stmr > South Bay, Jamieson. 27 hours' from !
Eureka. •¦•»-« ,
,:¦¦ Stmr Arcata. Nelson. 5(1 hours from Coos
Bay. via Port Orford 4S haurs.
Schr Fortuna, , Olsen. -1 days from Eureka.
SAILED. ' j
Friday. January 29. i
Stmr Santa Monica. Olsen. Grays Harbor
! DOMESTIC PORT.
¦ _ ABERDEEN— Arrived Jan 2fr-Stmr Cheha
lls and stmr Newbursr, hence Jan 2& i
OCEAN ; STEAMER. j
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Jan 23— stmr Lu
canla, from New York, fcr Llverpoal and
proceeded. ;, \ ¦ »" u
-Carts, wagons, drays, trucks; etc., are
not employed largely in Syria and Pal
estine. On the farms a wagon of any j
description is^ hardly ever seen. Grain >
isibrousht in onthe-backs of camels
and. donkeys; Delivery wagons are un- '
known in Syrian cities. j
Lr.tc Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
This week 25 per cent reduction on
every heat*»r in stock. San Francisco Gas
and Electric Company. 415 Poststreet. •
club. The visitors, however, showed a
marked/ improvement in their play last
time. t
Arrangements are being made to
start a fine "green" at Saratoga. The
new rinks *will be ..formally opened
when the electric road which runs
through Lx>s Gatos is extended to Sara
toga. There are many enthusiasts in
San Jose who are anxious to form a
club, and they will undoubtedly follow
the lead of Sacramento and Saratoga.
Scottish is a game that rec
ommends itself particularly to men past
the prime of life. It is a mild form of
exercise, that has enough competition
to make it interesting. The fact that
it is played on well-kept grass amid
pleasant surroundings also makes it a
popular and healthful recreation.
The new green at the park is almost
in condition to be played upon, and the
green at Recreation Park, which Is not
good, will not be used more than a
week or two longer. When the new
green is. opened tournament .play will
be resumed, and the doubles and sin
gles events, for which the drawings
have already been held, will be played.
In the meantime, the crack players will
practice on the old green.
Rafael used his left to advantage
for the next four rounds. He was
ever Quick to take advantage of ' an
opening and was wont to catch Welch
off his guard at short intervals. Welch
did not seem to get wise to his oppo
nent's style and. was puzzled through
out the battle.
The "Spider" did not seem to show
his true saeed till the seventh round.
Then both boys began to mix It fu
riously all over the ring. Welch
landed many solid wallops on Rafael's
body and the latter was in distress at
the end of the round. He began to
hold on* at every chance and stalled
till the end of the bout. : "
The next three rounds were tame
and both boys seemed to be fighting
cautiously. Welch made many fierce
rushes at his opponent, but the latter
managed to get out of the way. Welch
was rushing him hard when the last
round ended. Referee Greggains im
mediately threw both hands in the
air, signifying a draw.
Joe Reilly won from Billy Sullivan
in the other preliminary go. Both lads
mixed it furiously as soon as they got
started, and at times each -was all but
t out. The last round was a fierce mix
up and Reilly finally put Sullivan to
the carpet with a" right to the jaw.
Sullivan had enough and decided to
stay on the, floor.
the middle of the second round^ Rafael
landed a pretty right short jolt in the
middle of the solar plexus that put
Welch dowrt as quick as a flash.
FROM SEATTLE.
TO SAIL.
WATSR STOCKS.
' GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent T, A P. 3% 4V;iS F O A E. M BStJ
Mu n tualEUU U fttaO^-J =
Pac L Co 00 — L G & E Co. — 33
Sac E cERTinC^TES.
S F G * E. — — I
INSURANCE.
Flrein'§ Fnd.330 330 |
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk. — lSf> L P & A... - 17J>
Anglo-Cal .. S9ti »2 Mcr Trust... — 240
Bank of Cal. — — Merch Ei... — —
Cal Safe Dp. — ISO S F Nationl. — —
First XatlonI — —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S A L. — 230O Sav & L. So. — 100
Hum S & L. — — Sec Eav Bk. — 450
Mutual Sav. I0O — Union T Co. — —
S F Sav U.620 630
STREET RAILROADS.
California . .197^205 IPresldlo .... 40Vi —
Geary — 80 I
POWDER.
Giant ..... 62>i 64 | Vigorit » —
SUGAR.
Hana P Co. — — lKilauea 3C. — »
Hawaiian C. 44 tj 45 Makawelt C. 20t a 23
Honokaa S C 12 12ii|Onomea S C — 28
Hutch S P C — — (Paauhau S C 12Vi 14
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A.138»4«O [Oceanic S C. ,— 8
Cal F C A. Ott — Pac Aux FA 5 5tf
Cal Wine A. — 97 I Pac C Borx.167 —
Morning Session.
Board—
10O Hutchinson S P Co 9 CO
$5,000 3 P Cal 1st con 5s < stamped).. 109 t3
Afternoon Session.
Board — ' . V .- m
10 Presidio Railroad, b 3 40 60
$2,000 Spring Valley « per cent 107 00
W.OOO Spring Val 4s (3d mtge) 90 25
$10.(in> S F & S J V B per cent 118 12V4
NJS F 1 "!^"* Electrlo M 25
$1,000 Market-st By 1st con 5a 4.!;
$40 000 Pacific Electric Ry ft per cent. .105 00
$18,000 S P cf Arizona tiaO$» 10» 30
California Stock and Oil Exchange
Oil Stock— B'<*- Asked.
Alira ••••
Apollo 45 ••••
Associated Trust Certificates. Is m ?2ZZ
Axtec K. 1 *
California Standard J-
Caribou 1 e(> * °°
Central Point Con C5
Chicago Crude -¦ ••"
Claremont *» ra
Esperanxa 1 «>
Four « »£
Fulton ? w
Giant • •¦"
Hanford 142 «> -•••
Horn. 1 1» .1 H
Imperial -- *• «"
Independence «4 la
Junction if yi?
Kerr. i "» '<> » £>
Kern River " V?
Lion •• 5J
Monarch «of Arliona) 39 41
Monta Criato ''H SO
Occidental of W Va •- *•
Oil City Petroleum, 'J- « ....
Peerless 13 BO ••"
Plttsburg ••••
Reed Crudfr .*.... 4 60 ....
S F & McKittrick ••••
San Joaquln O & D •• ••••
Senator , ™ "¦
Sovereign *» 7,^
Sterling - . z J?L»
Superior <* , :••
Thirty-three « °° • J, '
Toltec « -£
Ttventy-eiKht *^
West Shcre 3 °' J
Miscellaneous — ,
Abby T^and & Impro-reroent 1-0 Itfl
Alameda Sugar •••-
; American Biscuit 50 CO ....
American District Tel ....
Cal Gas & Electric Corp.. .... ••••
; California Cotton Mills ....SOOO »•> 00
j California Jockey Club
! California Shipping Co ••••
I Cal Title Ins & Trust -i'ii
I Ctntral Bank or Oakland.. .... TO VO
[Chutes Company •
I Cypress Lawn Imp Co .... <5 25 n" r
'Fischer's Theater - -•'
j Oas Consumers' As»n 21 CO
Honolulu Sugar • ••••
' Northern California Power. 9 00
I North Shor-> P.ailroad 20 CO
iOrpheum Company 15 CO ....
i Pacific States Tel & Tel ....
Pararnne Paint 35 <•<> ....
i San Francisco Dry Dock
i Sanitary Reduction Works.. 150 2 25
j Sauya'.ito Land & Ferry ....
i Sperry Finur, Company ....
Standard Eleftric ¦¦ ll .I'^i
Tesla Coal Company 2500 SOOO.
T'uckee Electric
Union Sugar •«--
United Gas &. Electric '• ....
RALES. •.
Morning Session.
Board— ,i
10O Monte Crlsto SO
10O Home I l-'i
Street —
10.0CO Oil City Petroleum 32
Afternoon Session.
Board —
1C00 Oil City Petroleum 22
Street—
900 Oil City Petroleum 33
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Andes -T-'*! 10© Gould & -Cur. S3
20© Best & Belch. t IB 'J»\ Justice 10
;:0O Caledonia ...ICOj ftCf. Mexican 1 TO
200 Caledonia ... 9-Sj 2'0 Overman .... '<VJ
'.»» Caledonia ...¦' W; ST>0 Ophir 3 S.I
-if. Con C & Va.l 6.'i » ?avase .14
W)«/ Con Imperial. «»4j *i" Sej Belcher.. It
1 to Confidence ...1 15 TOO Sierra Nev .. f.3
4<;0 Crown Point. :;t> - Tiio Union Cob ..¦' S4
J«H> Crown Points 31} 2it) TTtah 2H
1 rMM' Crown Point. 33 3<* ITtah 2.*»
I l<!0 Exchequer ... 15 lm> Yellow Jacket .*il
10O Gould & Cur. 34'1M» Yellow Jacket 50
i Afternoon Session.
| .".Co Alta 1«j KO Mexican 1 34
! !»;¦> Belcher ."W KO Ophir 3 «5
1< I' Belcher .'J7| SO Overman .... :52
M.0 Caledonia ...l«0| W Overman .... .•;;:
H.0 Caledonia ... as! im> Sierra Nev .. *54
l>0 Challenge Con 2S lut> Silver Hill .. 7f>
¦i.n, Chollar 22j ICO 1'nion Coa .. S.I
lti> Con C & Va.l 6T> HOO I'nion Con .. Si
5M: Con Imperial. ««! 10O ITtah 20
.';«.(• Crown Point. r.O -»oO Yellow Jacicpt 47
;50 Hale & Norc. 67
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on th« PaciBo
! Stock Exchange yesterday:
- Morning Session.
300 Belcher S»i 400 Mexican 1 R.1
ICO Belcher .. 40' 100 Ophir ."5 7.1
2C0 Best & Belch. 1 SOJ 200 Ophir ........." SO
100 Caledonia .1 OTMn 100 Ophir ..3 !>5
10O Challenge Con 31 j 300 Ophir 4 (O
10O Con C & Va.l 70i TOO Overman .... ."2
2fiO Con C & Va.l 75 400 Sierra Nev .. CT»
10O Con C & Va.l «3| 2t)0 Sierra Nev .. «B
10O Con C & V.I 67>i| 200 Union Con .. SH
BW Crown Point. 3S loo Union Con .. SW
T.00 Gould & Cur. r.fij 100 Union Con.. S«»i
200 Mexican ...162i-i 1C0 Utah - 2.V
S0O Mexican 165 *™ Yellow Jacket l!»
2fiO Mexican ...167'» 100 Yellow Jacket ."1
«CO Mexican 170 10O Yellow Jacket IS
300 Mexican ISO 100 Yellow Jacket 50
Afternoon Session.
200 Caledonia 100 200 Sa>vag« r.1
400 Chotlar 23 100 Savage 54
1000 Con K Y 0« XOO Savage 55
12CO Exchequer ... 15 SCO Seg Belcher. . 11
200 Ophir 3 S3 10O Sierra Nev... f'4
200 Ophir 3 80 2C0 Union Con... M
ICO Overman .... 3.1 100 Utah 23
200 Overman .... 32
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopatv Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
500 Evelyn 25I100O Ton Midway. 12
»:0O Rescue 06h 200 Ton N Star.. 3S
500 Ton Midway. 43J
Afternoon Sessfon.
f.00 Evelyn 25 300 Ton Belmont. 73
200 Mont Ton. .1 42 H loo Ton Belrr.ont. 7t
500 Paymaster .. 11 1200 Ton Midway. 41
500 Paymaster . . 12 700 Ton N Star. . 35
500 Paymaster .. 13
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY. Jan. 2»— 4 p m.
i Bid.Ask. / Bid.Ask.
A'pha OS 10 Jist'.ct- 09 11
j Alta 09 11 Kcruuck 0i »'S
i A;i.'.m 31 3.: Keyea Graes.. — 175
| iselcner 3* 38 Lady Wash.. — «>7
Pest & Belch. 1 7O 1 80 Mexican 1 6.1 1 70
1'uUIon W 07 Occidectal ... Jio 93
Caledonia ... »« !W Ophir 3 80 3 W
CralUrge.Con 27 30 Overiraa .... 31 32
Cbollar 22 33|lvtosl 22 23
Confluence ...t 15 1 25 Savage 52 34
Con 'J & Va.l 60 1 65 [Scorpion «3 OS
Con Irr-i»rial.. 03 04 Ses Belcher.. P* It
Con NY 06 «8 Sierra Nev .. 64 «"'
Crown Point. 3O Dl Silver Hill .. «D 70
Kv.sx Sierra N C5 C6 St 'Louis .... — :.*•>
Exireka Con.. — 60 Syndicate .... 04 t:fl
Exchequer ... IS lt» Union Con .. S." SH
Gould A- Cur. 23 35 Utah 25 2S
Tfale & Norc. CS 70 Yellow Jacket 47 IS
Julia ........ IB 051
TONOPAH MINES.
Bld.ASk.j :. ' Eld.AJ^.
Colehan — ia ( Rescuo ...... 05 »>*
Esperanza ... — OljTon Belmont. Vi 71
Gold Anchor. 20 .".0 Ton A Cal .. — -'•>
Hannapah ... — . 23Ton Exteu .. 70 —
MacNamara . 12 —la. Ton Fraction. — - < s
Mlzpah Ex .. — 351 Ton of Nev .. — 8 50
Mont Ton..l 40 1 47>«, Ton N Star.. 34 '<i
N Y, Ton ... — OStTon Midway. 41 » :
Paymaster ... 12 20! Ton Superior. — . Ti
Ray Ex ten .. — 24! United Toa .. — 1-
- Friday. January 2B.
„ stmr Brunswick, Ellefsen, 14 hourt from
Fort Bra«.
. - Strar CentralU, Erlcegon, 37 hours from San
Pedro. -
Stmr Curacao, Paulsen, 11 days from Guay
maa. via Ensenada 47 hours.
Kark Diamond Head, Peterson, 8 days from
Port Elakeley.
, CLEARED.
V:.V Friday, January 29.
Stmr Pomona, Swanson, Eureka; Pacific
Coast Steamship Co.
Stmr- Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego;
Pacific Coaat Steamship Co.
Ship Wm H Macy, Groth, L«dysmith;
Esehen & Minor.
Schr Helene, Christensen, Honolulu: J D
fcpreckelB & Bros Co.
-j*, „ '\ SAILED.
Friday, January 29. .
Stmr Eureka, Jessen, Eureka,
Stmr FranciH H J.eseett, Reiner, Astoria.
Stmr Pomona. Swanson, Eureka.
Stmr GlDsy, Iceland, Santa Cru».
Stmr Arctic, Xelson. Eureka.
Br atmr Atholl. Watt. Seattle. *
Bark Roderick Dhu. Knualls. Hllo.
Yacht JSvion, Bailey, San Diego. . ;*
Sc.hr Alpha. La rsen, Coquille River.
Advance, Ogidinssen. Coquillc River. ¦
DOMESTIC PORTS.
REDONDO— Arrived Jan tSi — Stmr Brooklyn,
hence Jan 27.
UMPQUA— Sailed Jan 2S— Schrs Lucy and
Louise, for Son Pedro.
- CRESCENT CITY— Sailed Jan 28— Stmr
Mandalay, for San Francisco. 28 — Stmr Co
quille River, for San Francisco.
SEATTLE — Arrived Jan 29 — Stmr Excelsior.
from Valdez; strnr Queen, henc* Jan 26; stmr
Grace Dollar, hence Jan 23.
Sailed Jan 29— Stmr Cottage City, for Skag
way; stmr Umatilla. for San Francisco.
BANDOX— Arrived Jan 28— Stmr Elizabeth,
hence Jan 2(5. .
Arrived Jan 29 — Stmr Chico, from Coos Bay.
ASTORIA — Sailed Jan 29 — Br 8hij> Ancaios.
for Durban: Br ship Andorinha. for Queens
town.
EUREKA — Arrived Jan 28— Stmrs Xoyo and
Pasadena, hence Jan 27.
Sailed Jp.n 20— Stmrn Corona and Phoenix
and '»chr John A, for San Francisco.
WHATCOM— Arrived Jan 2»— Br ahip Sena
tor, from Victoria.
PORT HARFORD— Sailed Jan 20— Stmr Re
dondo.' for Pan Franc'eco.
VENTURA. — Arrived Jp.n 20 — Schr Fanny
Dutard. from Grays Hf.rbor.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Jan 29— Schr Rob
ert Searles, for San Francisco.
FOPiT BRAGG— Arrived Jen 29— Stmr Na
tional Citv, hence Jan I!8.
COOS HAY— Sailed Jan 20. 9:30 if m— Stmr
Empire, for San Francisco.
TATOOSH — Passed ' in Jan 20— Ftmr Mon
tara. hence Jan 21 for Ladysmlth.
Passed in Jan •£*— Xor stmr Titanla, hence
Jan 20, for Nanaimo.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Jan 28— Schr Mabel
Gray, from Eureka. Jnn 'JO— Stmr Premiss,
from Redondo: schr B?rtha Dolbeer, from Eu
reka: «chr Falcon, from Grays Harbor.
Sailed Jan 2S — Stmr Redonrlp. for San Fran
cisco. Jan 2» — Schrs W F Witz?mann and
Ludlow, for Pueet Sound.
PORT TOWN SKN'D— Arrived Jan 20— Br
stmr Lonashics, hence Jan 2<.
• . ' ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU — Sailed Jan 2.S— Stmr Xevadan, -
for KahUiUi.
Arrived Jan 20^-Stmr Oregon, from Seattle;
bkm Andromeda, from Newcastle. Aiif.
HILO— Sailed Jan 28-Stmr Hawaiian, for
Delaware Breakwater.
FOREIGN PORTS. '(f : jh
PUNTA ARENAS— Sailed Jan 13— Ger stmr
Isir, hencfc October 2.'! for Hamburg; Ger stmr
Uarda. hfnee Oct 21 for Hamburg.
SHIMOXOSKKI— Sailed Jan 13— Br stmr
Wynoric. for Hongkong.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Jan 28— Fr bark
Brizs'jx. hence Sspt 20. and not previously.
MAZATLAN— Sailed Jan 2S— Ger stmr Mem
phis", for Fan Francisco.
HULL — Arrived Jan 2S— I"r bark Anne de
liretenne. hence Sept 22.
SHIELDS— Arrived Jan 28— Fr bark Mar
guerUe Molinos. hence Sem ."O.
ISLE OF WIGHT— Passed Jan 29— Br ship
PerlcWs. hence Oct 1 for I^indon.
DKNGENESS— Passed Jan I'-Br bark Ro
wena. hence Sept '-'¦'! for London. *
NAGASAKI — Arrived Jan L'S— Stmr Missouri,
from Yokohama. '
NEWCASTI-E. Ans — Arrived .fan 27-^Ship
Emily F Whitnry. from Melbourne. Prior to
Jan i*0 — Fr bark Lafayette, hejicc Dec fi. .
Sailed Jan 29— Br stmr Heathbank, for Ma
nila.
YOKOHAMA — Arrived Jr.n 27— Br stmr In
drapura, from Astoria.
MOJI — Sailed Jan. 29 — Br stmr Tottenham,
for Port I-os Ansreles.
HONGKONG— fc'ail'd Jan 29— Br rtmr Doric,
for San Francinto.
VALPARAISO— Sailed Jan. 29— Ger stmr
Aniasis, for San Francisco.
In wort Dec "0 — Br bark Andromeda, for
Toeoptila and Pu^et Sci:nd.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
ROTTERDAM— Arrived- Jan 2U— Stmr Stat
endam, from New York.
HAVRE— Arrived .Ian 2»-Stmr La . Bre
tasn«?. from New York.
NEW YORK— Arrived Jan 29— Stmr Prince
Adelbert. from Naples.
GENOA— Arrived Jan 20— Stmr Sicilian
Prince, from Xcw York, for Naules. .
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Bark Coryphene SoM.
The. bark Coryphene, 73.'! tons, has been sold
to W. A. Woodin of Anacortes for J0O00.
Steamer. From! I Due-
Gaelic. ...... China & Japan.... |Jan. .10
G. W. Klder. . Portland & Astoria. .. .|.Ian. XO
Enterprise..-. . Hilo Uan. 30
Corona Humboldt {Jan. RO
Wellington... Oyster Harbor Jan. 30
Leelanaw. .... Tacoma Jan. 31
Xl-rth Fork... Humboldt Jan. J5t
Mackinaw Tacoma Jan. 31
P.edondo.... .. San Pedro IJan. 31
Xaqua Humboldt ! Jan. .11
Rival... Wlllapa Harbor.... Jan. 31
: Empire. ...... Coos Kay & Pt. Orford.lJan. SI
Elizabeth Coquille IMver |Feb. 1
KurekK Humboldt .' Feb. 1
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pta. Feb. 1
Lmatilla..... Pufjet Sound Portu Feb. 1
Ventura, i. ... Sydney <fc Way Ports.lFeb. 1
BonilH... .... Newport & Way Ports. (Feb. 2
Chlco jCoquille River |F"eb. 2
Pomona > Humboldt .' Feb. 2
MempMs (Hamburg & Way Pte. Feb. '1
Porno | Point Arena & Albion. Feb. -
Coos Baj' i San Pedro & Way Pts. Feb. 2
Del Xorte.....' Crescent City Feb. 2
O. Undauer.. Grays Harbor Feb. 3
Mariposa 'Tahiti ¦ ..Feb. 3
City Para. ... j New Y/ork via Panama. Feb. 4
Ortgon [Portland & Astoria .... Feb. 4
N'ewburjr. .... Grays Harbor Feb. 4
Point Arena.. M-ndoclnq & Pt. Arena. Feb. 4
Hanta Rosa... Pan Diego &: Way Pts. Feb. 4
Chehalls Grays Harbor. Feb. 4
Arcatil...... {Coo's Bay & Pt. Orford. Feb. 5
Queen i Puiset Sound Ports.... Feb. 6
Santa Cruz... j Newport & Way Ports. (Feb. 6
Centennial [Seattle & Tacoma Feb. 7
Tezan ;...,...< Xcw Yorlc via Coronel.tFeb. 7
Sequoia I Grays Harbor..' ..|Feb. 7
TO ARRIVE.
Movements of Steamers. "
«
A Cargo for Hllo.
The bark Roderick Dhu sailed yesterday for
Hllo with an aborted merchandise cargo
Matteit* of Interest to Mariners and
¦ Shipping Merchants.
Th» barkenti-s W. 11. Dlmond returns to
Honolulu with ceneral . carjeo. • "
XEWS OF THE OCEAN*.
The steamers City of Puebla and Ramon.i
were in collision on Puget Sound, January. 6,
and the Puebla had several plates damaged.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's liner
Mariposa is due Wednesday from Tahiti.
The steamship Curacao arrived last evening
from Guaymas too late to pass quarantine.
The British bark Holywood, here since June
"0, has been chartered to carry lumber to
Melbourne, and the Invergarry, which arrived
February 20. Ilto.'{, was brought over from
Causal ito yesterday to be made ready for s*a
Chief Officer F. S. Randall of the army
transport Sheridan returned to duty yesterday,
after a week's vacatior.
Water Front Xotes.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's liner
Alatneda sails at 11 o'clock this morning for
Honolulu, will carry a full list of pas
sengers and a cargo of general merchandise.
The Pacific Mail Company's steamship City
of Sydney will sail to-day for Panama and
way ports with passengers and 2400 tons ot
<-ari;o. Th<> freight Includes Too tonsof flour,
200 tons of lead and 15oO barrels of wine.
Mameda Sails To-Day.
Sydney Takes Full Cargo.
The army transport Dix docked yesterday at
Folsom-street wharf. She has on board a quan
tity of coe.l ballast.- which will be discharged
into the transport Meade. The seventy-flve- 1 '
foot Filipino cawo the Dix brought on her
forward deck will probably be transferred nt
the Pacific Mall wharf to fiatcars, upon which
the marine curiosity will be transported to St.
Louis
Transport Dix Docks.
v Under ordinary | circumstances a
small boat would have had short life
In that sea. The Bartlett's mates,
however, were both old seal hunters
and consequently skilled boatmen.
"With lusty but careful strokes they
pulled the tumbling dingey to where
their shipmate's head was bobbing up
and down in the water. The donkey
man was unconscious when pulled
into the dingey and had not recovered
his senses when hauled aboard the
schooner. Stimulants and heroic
massage brought him to, however, and
the next day he returned to duty none
the worse for his ducking.
He lost consciousness soon after
striking the water. In putting on- his
sou'wester he had buttoned the flaps
under his chin. These flaps held the
sou'wester securely and the' air im
prisoned in the roomy crown of the
waterproof headwear supported the
-tlonkeymsn until his. rescuers-reached
him.
The Bartlett, now at Redondo, left
the Columbia River January 15. Three
hours after the tug: had let go of her
a terrific gale was encountered. Cap
tain Nielsen ordered everything dou
ble reefed and all hands responded to
the command. In .the • midst of the
work of shortening: sail the Bartlett's
donkeyman was washed off the jib
boom and disappeared in the swirl of
tempest torn water.
The 'cry "man overboard" rang out
above the rattle of gear and the roar
of the wind. The schooner was head
ed into the wind and all eyes searched
the wake for a sign of the man In ex
tremity. The donkeyman was clad
in sea boots, oilskins and sou'wester
and his chance in that boiling sea was
slim. He was sighted, however, and
without a moment's hesitation the
first and second mates climbed into
the dingey and within a few minutes
had the little boat launched and were
pulling: to the rescue.
A thrilling rescue was effected Jan
uary 15 off the Columbia River by the
first and second mates of the schooner
R. "W. Bartlett. The skill and bravery
of these men is all that saved a ship
mate from death by drowning, but
even the prompt action of his rescu
ers would have availed little had not
the air imprisoned in a tightly but
toned sou'wester buoyed him up' after
consciousness had left him. \,
Details of the rescue came yester
day in a letter to Captain James
Bruce, owner of the schooner, from
Captain F. V. Nielsen, the vessel's
commander. Captain Nielsen fails to
give the names of the participants in
this ocean drama.
LIVERPOOLr-Sallcd Jan 29— Stmr Victor-
Ian, for New York.
valued at $52,486 and including the following:
6E0 bbls flcur', 24.10 lbs beans, u ck meals, 18SI
ctla barley, 24,529 lbs middlings. 59,063 lbs
bran, 11« ctls corn. !)25 bales hay. 100 ctls
wheat. 4217 cals wine, 22 cs whisky. SO pkRs
beer, 110 pkgs fresh fruit. .'508 lbs lard. 47 cs
5 bbl=« ralmon, ]0l cs canned goods. 12,000 lha
sa)t_:;45 pkgs groceries and provisions, 155 fks
potatoes, 3.V pkgs onion?. ."ii7 lhs cheese. V£i
lbs bread. 'ISO bars IB bdls iron, 40 bars 2S* bdla
steel, 175.665 lbs fertilizer, 26 cs boots and
shoes, .3 -pkgs electrical supplies. WSGU eals
crude oil. 2 bdls twine, 5 pkgs dry goods. 21
pkga paper, 1000 c a coal oil, 72 pkgs lubri
cating oil, C$8)>»lhs 6 cs manufactured tobac
co, 5 cs candles, 125 b.xs Map,' 12 pkgs leather,
ft pk::s nails, i'825 pkgs railroad material, 400
bags cement, ,40«) bb1» lime. 10 cs turpentine,
,70 kegs white" lead, 1 cs hats, 2 druma acid, 2
pkgs bicycles.
The Time Hall on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
I. e., at noon of the 120tll meridian, or at S
p. m.. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT.
Lieutenant. U. S. N., in charge.
Branch Hydrosrraphic Office, U. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange £-an Francisco' Ca!..
January 29 1004.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Time and Height of High and Low Water*
at Fort Point. entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of tha
Superintendent. .
XOTK — The hish and low -patera occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of title is the same at both places.
SATURDAY, JANCARY~3o!
Sun rises ...7:16
Sun sets .......: '. 5:30
Moon -sets 5:04 a. m,
0 (Time! ITimel jTime] ITlmel
b I j Ft. I ! Ft.. I Ft. I 1 Ft.
? !L W| |1I Wj |L. Wj | II W|
::0 I 2:iil| -'"I »:(>2| «.i| ?.:ZC,\— 0.!>!11 :00| 4T7
31 I S:-n| 2.5jn:51| 0.1' 4 :42|— 1.0J11 :43| 5.0
1 I 4:."J>! 2.4|1OM1'| 0.2! 5:27!— l.of |
|H W| jL \VI |II W| IL W|
2 0:2f. 6.2f5:2» 2.3(11 :3S fi.lf 6:00'— 0.7
.'{ 1:04 r>.S! 6:19 2.0[12:2S 6.7] »i:."Vt!— 0.3
4 1:*5[ - r i.4i 7:i: j .| 1.8J1:23| ft.gj 7:40j O.2
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurience as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide cf the
day. except when there are but three tides as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Ccast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of. the luwer low waters.
- ?—¦¦
Time Bali.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Steamer. For. I Sails.
Diiigo Skagway & Way Ports. !Jan. 30
Excelsior..... Cocks Inlet &• Way Pts.fFeb. 1
Dolphin Skagway &• Way Port*. Feb. 4
J. Dolter Valdez & Way Ports.. Fsb ft
Al-Kl. Skagway & Way Ports. Feb. T,
Valencia Skagway & AVay Ports. |Feb. 5
P.ertha Cooks Inlet & Way Pts.jFeb. 10
Santa Ana. . . .1 Cooks^inlft & Way' Pts. |£>b. la
Steamer. ¦ Destination. Sall», Pltr.
January 30.
S. Monica.. Grays Harbor .... 4 pmjPier 2
Centraiia... Grays Harbor [12 mlPier 10
San Pedro.. Humboldt j 10 am Pier 2
Atholl Hongkg v. Seattle Pier 20
Pt. Arena... Pt. Arena & Mdcnot 4 pm Pier 2
Alameda.... 'Honolulu ..'.....-. .|11 amJPler 7
City Sydney N. V. via Panama.|12 m; Pier 40
January 31. j 1
S. Rosa San Diego & Way. I 9 am; Pier It
City Puebla. Puget Sound Port*. Ill amjPier 9
. referuary 1. |
Arcata Coos B. A Pt. Orfrdl 4 pm Pier 13
corona Humboldt- ,|l:30 p Pier U
S. Cruz..:.. Newport & Way.. I 9 am Pier 11
¦ February 2. |
G. W. Elder Astoria & Portland! It am Pier 24
Korea China & Japan ...I 1 pm Pier 40
| February 3.
Klizab»th... i Coo.uilIe River [ |Pier 20
Alliance jKureka & Coos B.I. ., . . . jPier IB
North Fork, i Humboldt 5 pmiPler 2O
Rival. Willapa Harbor... 4 pm I Pier 20
Eureka..'... Humboldt 9 amjPier 13
Kalnier Seattle & 'Whatcom 4 pm|Pler 10
February 4. I |
Porno ..iPt. Arena & Alblonl 6 pmlP'er 2
State Cal... , San llieeo & Way.! 9 amIPier It
Pomona Humboldt |l:3Op|Pier a
j February 5. " |
Ccos Bay....iSan Pedro & Way.) 9 amIPier 11
UmatlUa... jPuget Sound Ports.lll amIPier B
Chico: Coquille River..... | 6 pmlPier 2
February 6. !
Newport iX..Y. via Panama. 112 miPier 40
Newburg... Grays Harbor j 4 pm'Pier 10
J February 7. |
Curacao j Mexican Ports !lO'am|Pler 11
Oregon..... jAstoria & Portland'll amIPier 24
; February 10. I !
Gaelic. China & Japan ( 1 pm|P!er 40
Queen ! Puget. Sound Ports.lll am|Pier »
"Spider" Joe Welch and Frank
Rafael hooked up in the main prelim
inary of the night and went ten rapid
rounds to a draw. Rafael did most of
the aggressive work, but the few
punches the spider landed had their
effect, and when the gong clanged at
the end of the battle the dark-skinned
youth was about all in.
Rafael was in great condition and
put up one of the best fights of his
career. His footwork was fast and he
landed frequently with his left. .In
WELCH AND RAFAEL. DRAW.
Boys Put Up a I^ast Figlrt for Ten
Hounds in Preliminary.
Broad announced that h» had gone
as far as he could at the pace which
Hanlon set, claiming that he had not
had sufficient time to get into proper
condition. Hanlon was awarded the
decision.
Round 14— They went into a clinch. Hanlon
jabbed twice with l*ft to the face and got a
straight left to the face in i-eturn. ¦ Hanlon
hooked his left hard to the body, following it
with left and risht swinss to the same plare
and then put a hard right to the stomach.
Broad came back wiih a right uppercut to
the body, but Hanlon k?pt after his man, and
In a. mixuD Broad r.ut ri?ht and left swings
to the jaw. Hanlon sent Broad Into a corner
with two wicked straisht rights over the
h?.irt and keot himself well covered. Broad
got in a straight left toMhe face, but Hanlon
was not to b? denied, and the. hell rang: with
the O.ltfornten landing at will on Broad's
stomach. Broad showed wonderful capacity
for assimilating sunirhment.
Round 9— They rushed to a clinch, emerging
from which Hanlon whipped hl3 left hard to
jaw. Ho followed it with a straight left to
the same place, but Broad retaliated with a
straight right to the nose. Broad missed two
right uppercuts and a moment later hooked
his left hard to Jaw. Hanlon got in several
shortarm rights to the wind In a mlxua anrf
then sent a straight left to the face. Broad got
in a terrific left hook to the body and re
ceived In return two left swings on the Jaw.
As Broad was backing away Hanlon caught
him Tvith a left nwinj on the Jaw. and followed
it with several hard rights and lefts to the
body that clearly feazed the Cleveland boy.
rhe bell sounded at this juncture.
Round 10— Hanlon was short with left *n<i
risht for the body. Broad then planted two
lefts to the far* and received in return a
straight right over the heart. Hanlon sent a
straisht left to the face and then hooked
his left to the body. He kept pegging away
at Broad, forcing the latter about the ring.
A stiff right hook to the face angered Broad,
who resorted to profane language. Hanlon
ther- swung his right hard to the head and
mixed it. tending right and left to the body
an<i a hard left flush to the Jaw. Broad sent
a straight left to the face and Hanton forced
him against the ropes, landing right and left
swings on the body as the gong sounded. It
was Hanlon's round. Hanlon has again set
a test pace.
Round 11— Hanlon missed a left swing for
the body and they mixed it without result
Hanloji uppercut Broad with right over the
heart and thi>n planted his rfght to the stom
ach. A furious mijtup followed, both landing
hard body blows. Hanlon, however, broke it
up and forced Broad around the ring. The
latter missed a right uppercut and Hanlon
kept pegging away with straight lefts to the
body. Hanlon drove Broad into a corner and
planted right and left wickedly to Broad's
body. Broad continued to break ground, but
Hanlon kept after him and just as the gor:g
sounded nearly put his man through the ropes
with a straight right. I Hanlon landed ten
blows to Broad' » one in this round ar.d Broad
wobbled a bit as h!s. seconds dragged him to
his corner.
Round 12— They met in the renter of the
ring, swinging lefts and rights viciously with
out - damage. Ureggaln* separated the lads
and Broad sent straight right to the face.
Hanlon thereupon drove Broad to the ropes,
pending left and right to the body. He kept
this up. Broad clinching to save himself from
the fusillade of blows. Broad fried to set in
right and left to the jaw, but the blows wer«
blocked. Hanlon continued setting the whirl
wind pace, but Broad caught him with t\ro
hard uppercuta with right to the body. Han
lon waded tn. putting right and left "to the
Jaw and then missed a hard right for thj
stomach. It wa s Hanlon's round. , The Cali
fornlan experienced little difficulty in landing,
but in most instances the blows lacked the
necessary steam for a krtbek-out.
Round 13 — After some fiddling Hanlon
caught Broad with a hard right to th» Jaw,
two rights to the stomach and followed it with
two left hooks to the jaw that sent th; Cleve
land boy back. Another left found a mark en
Broad's stomach and Han!on followed it with
a straight right to "the same place. Hanlon
k«rt pegging mercilessly away on Broad's
stomach and th" latter'n face soon wore a dis
tressed look. Hanlon s'nt a straight right to
the jaw. a straight left to the kidneys anil
then nut another straight richt to the stom
ach. The geni, rang with Har.lon landing at
will and Broad hanging on to escape the
blow?. . .;v
Ion sw\jns Ineffectually with left and right for
the body." He neatly blocked a hard richt
uppercut for ths Jaw and sent his left to boay.
Hanlon again blocked a wicked right uppercut
and drove his right to the kidneys. Broad got
in a straight right to the body and thev went
to a clinch. Broad swung right for the head,
which was partially blocked. Hanlon retali
ating with a hard left swing to the Jaw. Broad
swung his right to the face and the bell rang
with the men in a clinch. Hanlon showed no
effects of the punishment he received in Uie
previous round, although It was noticed that
the pace slackened considerably.
¦Round H — They immediately went to a
clinch. In the breakaway Broad sent right
and left to the face and blocked a right swing
for the body. Manlon tried a straight left for
the face and was blocked. He sent a straight
left to the body and in a mix worked his
right to the kidneys. Hanlon swung* right and
left to the Jaw and then put right to the body.
Hanlon followed it up with a right chep to the
face and in a mi.vup jolted Broad with a short
arm left to the Jaw. A right uppercut and a
straight right caught Hanlon on the face and
made Hanlon fleht back viciously. The bell
rang with Hanlon trying to land his right
and left on the face. Both men received some
hard blows In this round, with honors about
even.
AIR IN SAILORMAN'S SOU'WESTER
SAVES HIS LIFE IN STORMY SEA
Continued from Page 11,. Column 7.
Joseph F Perini to Eupenlo Campinl. lot on
XE line or Ninth street. 100 NW of Harrison,
NW 25 by NE ICO; ?10.
City ai:<l County of San Francisco to Mis
sion Transportation and Refining Company. lot
on W line of Pennsylvania street. 150 N of
Mariposa N 150 W 100 X 100, W 1:8. SW
to a point 153:tiX of Mariposa street. S 3:6,
E 200: $ .
Pacific Improvement Company to William J.
and Annie E. S-nale lot on W line o£ Illinois
et'»et, CO N of Twrnt!eth. N 50 by W 100: $10.
Howard B. an-J Alsr.a A. Peterson to James
fj'wption 'ot c.n NE corner of Second avenue
«rd I-ake s'.rcet. E CO by X SS, W CO, S 02;
?lf».
Celsus snd Ida T.. Brower tn Sheldon G.
K'llozr. lot on N line of California street.
27:0 W of Second avenup. N 103. W 25, S
105 E 25 qnltclaim d*ed; $10.
Gr-orce A Shearer to Frank M. Haisrht. lot
on N lin° of Onifnt street 57:0 W of Fourth
averoe W 25 by X J00 : $10.
Charles J. Ellis to Addle S EUi». lot on E
line of Seventh avenue, 225 N of B street, N
25 by E 120: girt.
Same to E«in:<\ lot on W.Iin* of Sixth a%»
nuf, 125 X Of B street. NJSO, W 2J0, S 75. E
120. X 25. E 120; gift.
Adolph and llinnio Kornecke to William I>.
Wa«on lot on E !in» of Forty-seventh ave
nue ?C5 X of J r!re*t M 25 by E 120: $10.
Estate of Margaret M. or Margaret Murray
(by F. J. Kierce. administrator) to Frederick
K Chester lot en E lln* of Forty-sixth nve
nue H50 X of M street. X 25 by E 120; $190.
Theresa. E. and C. E. L.. Hildebreeht to ila
b*I R. StoneberKT. lot en E line of Pierce
street 141 S of Wal>r. S 25 by E 91:3. block
2 Maricn Tract: $10.
Hutth O'Keanc to Edward Bchan, lots 378
and 3S0 Hollldsy Hap A; $10. :
¦Edward J. and Mrs. E. J. Bchan to Carl G.
Bruesrmann. lot T.78, same; $10.
Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association to John
II. Behrmann and Charles Augellus, lot in
cemetery: $220. ,
Louis C. and Lizzie G. Schroder lo Frcd- %
erlck L Smith, lot on E line of Lisbon street,
150 N of Brazil. N 25 by E 100. block 29 Ex
eelsior Homestead; $10.
Sarah A. Speck to John H. Smith, all In
terest In estate of Andrew M. Speck; $10
Elizabeth O'Hanion to James F. q - Han Ion.
lot on N line of Thirty-second avenue. 125 E
of I^etrct E 25 by N 100. block 652, Bay
Park; gift. .' *
<,( Folsom. NW 25 by SW 112: $5000.
Willism J Ta'.wr to same, same, quitclaim
depd: S-".
Minna Hothal (wife of F. E.) and Alfred
3nd Erna Koster to Ferdinand E. llesthal,
pa me; $."!.
Maria L. Roach to Ma ?. I^wio. lot on XW
line of Wflsh street, 105 SW of Zoe. SW 20 by
XW SO: $10.
CharlM" J. Elli« to Addle S. Ellis, lot on SE
line of Freelon street. 125 XE of Fourth, XE
25 by SE SO; cift.
Mary E. . Anthony (Andrews) to Mary L.
Holland lot on W corner of Zoe and Biannan
Fireeti. NW WA by SW .'15 : $10.
Central Light and Power Company to the
EmiHjrium corporation), lot nn NW line of
JesEie street, 225 XE pi Fifth. XE 25 by XW
75: $10.
The Emporium io Central IJght and Power
Company. lot on SE line of Jessie street, 225
SW of Fourth. BW 50 by SE 70; $10.
Henry Miller to Wesley and Alice A. Tormer.
lot on SE line of Minna street. 240 SW of
JJary. also 200 SK of Mission, SI3 75 by SW 25.
<iU'.tclsiin deed: 15.
Estate of Marie Tabor (by William .T. Tabor
and C. F. HumiUirey. executors) to John Do
lan !ot on SW line of Rausrh strett. 275 NW
Mary C. and Frank J. Fallon to J. F. D.
Curtis" lot on SW Hn« of Ninth utre^t. 2^5
XW at Howard. XW 50 by SW 113:4: $10.
Elizabeth O'Har.lon to James K. O'Hanion.
lot on E line of Folsoni street. 9!» N of Thir
teenth, N 24, E SO. S 22:5%: W SO; pift.
Maurice C and Alice M. Kittredge to Anni-
T. Grundy lot on SE corner of Fifteenth and
Church street?. S 25 by E 75: $1<>.
Krmina A. Mumh to AKathe I>. ViHesia.
lot on W !*ne of Walter street, 1SS X of
Fourteenth, X 25 by W 8»; $10.
Julia E. and ?. C Spinney to Hattie F.
Greg? (wife of W. S.>. lot on NW line of t^cn
Jose avenue. 77:O'i NE of Duncan street. NE
27. XW «:4S. SW 27:4%. SE 77:7%,; $3500.
Mary J- Tate»= to Fannie V. Smith. lot on S
line of Pacific f=rr«?t. 4<» W of E line of 50-vara
let 1381. W 1S:« by S 7.!; *10.
Richard I. and Mary J. Whelan to California
Title Insurance and Trust Company, lot on W
line of Mason street. 20 N of Sacramento, N
20 I.y W CO: $10.
Clarence R Sloar» to I^ouise M. Sloan, lot on
W line of Hyde street, 64:2 S of Chestnut, S
36 :s by W 110: girt.
Estate of Albert KoFtT and Caroline Koster
<and as trustp.e) to Minna Hesthal (wife of
Ferd E.4. Alfred and Erha Koster. lot on NW
line of Clementina street. 2.10 SW of Fourth,
SW 45 by XW SO; also lot on NW line of Fo 1 .
som strte\. 27.". SW.of Fourth. SW C8:0 by XW
uai: also lot en XW line of .7e5«ie street. ICO.
SW of Tenth. BW M>5 by XW 55; also lot on
W corner of Tenth and Mission streets. SW 120
by XW 1C0: also lot on XW corner of Twentjr-
Kecond and Folsom streets. N C5 by W 122:6;
also lot on HE corner of Greenwich and Jones
streus. E 22:<J by S CO: also lot on SE corner
of G«ary and William streets, E 5C by S 87:0;
S .
«."harles Floodber? to Hulda E. Floadberir,
In: on XW corner of Page and WebftCr streets,
•W ::u by X 100; elft.
Flora D. Jonen to same <wife of <?harles F. ).
earae: $1O.
«««onte E Knight to Alioe M. Bowhill. lot
on S line of Greenwich street, 150:3 E of
Steiner. E 48 by S 120; $10.
Emma G. Butler to Josephine Chariot, lot
on N line of Po*t street, 137 :C E* of Stelntr,
E .->5 by X 137 :«; J10.
J<*epbine CJrariot to L'ontine Chariot, same;
Elft.
Thomas Hancock to I^ee O. Rodger«. lot on
E line of Masonic avenue. 25 S of HaigrUt
street. P 25 by E S7:«: $10.
D. F. Rasran to J. W. Ragan. undivided s ,h
of Jot nn E lin? of Stanyah s-treet. ."7:<J S of
Paee P 75. E 100. S 25. E n7:«, X i:{7:6, W
:;7:6 - S 37:«. W 100; $lo.
B C Brown to J. M. Patrick, lot on S line
•>f Pine street. 140:5 W of Polk. W 25 by S
120; *10.
City and County of San Francisco to Fannie
L Tyler !<>t on S line of California street,
13C:3"k of Webster. E 25 by S 137 :<i: $ .
i'olrert S.. Sa.ah and Eiixaboth R. Wright and
Jar.e Parker to Joseph WriRht. undivided two.
thirds of let en NW line of Clementina street,
ISO NE <»f Fr.urth. NE SS by NW 80; $10.
It. J. R. and K»te Aden and Samuel and
LtieKa K. Hlrnt to Improved Real Estate Com
pany. !ct on K corner of Welsh and Fourth
streets, also 195 ?E of Bryant, SB ;">5 by XB
t-O: Jio
Mary F. Bartels to Paul l»!um. lot on RE
llr.e of Stevenson street, 325 SW of Sixth, SW
25 by SK 70; $10.
John Duffey io Anna L. Duffey, undivided
half of lot on i^K line of Minna street, 100 HW
cf SeveaUl? SW 25 by J5K SO; gift.
Paire to same, undivided half of lot on NW
•ine of Natoma street. 375 SW of Seventh, also
»»» NW «t Howard. 8\V 25 by NW 7H; Rift.
Kiiv.srd 11. and Mary E. Geib to Sarah
I^ir.bert lot on SW line of Sumner street, 20o
SK of Howard, SE 25 by SW 5S; $10.
Sprinp Valley \Vater Company to Hufth It.
Clark lot on XW* line of Ringold street. 100
NK of Ninth. XW 75 by XE 25: $10.
Josie Xetrel to August O. Netzel. lot on E
line or "Wisconsin street, 483 S of Twentieth, S
27 by K 100; grant.
City and County cf San Francisco to John
J. P.ohrbach. lot on W line of Twenty-pecond
avenu*. 74:9 R of Lake street. S 25:3. W HO,
N 11:1«%. K 140; $ . ' '
Palomares Land Company and J. W . WriKht
* Sons' Investment Company to Robert J. To
bin and Hibernia Savings and Loan Society,
lot on E line of Thirty-seventh avenue, 175 X
or A street; K 120. S 75, W 20, S loo, W 10O,
N 175: $10.
Frank E. and Fophie Grannis to John O.
Jurv lot on W line of Twenty-fifth avenue, 2fi
X cf A street. X 50 by AV 100:S. S 60, E
Estate ofHonore. A. Wldemann (minor) Cby
William Sarlee,. *ruardian> to Escolle Estate
Company, undivided twenty-second of lot on
E line of' Thirty-seventh avenue. 100 X of D
street. N 100 by E 120: $ .
James Carrnyn to S. l>acao Company <a cor
no-at:on> let on W corner of Nineteenth ave
nue and'R street. XW SO by SW 200. block
3S1. OXeil & Haley Tracl: $10.
Kose Kirehen iReynrlds) and Matthew
Kirchen to Alexander Tscheinen. lot 30, block
3S» Railroau Avenue Extc-nslun Homestead : 510.
John Timilty to Mary Nolan, lot 4, block 3,
Holly Park; $10.
FP.IUAY. JANUARY 29.
conveyance of lot on S line of Vallejo street.
fil:« K ct Jones, E 1 by S 45:10; quitclaim
deed; $ . « -¦'/*-:
Martinu« O. Curry to Maurice C. Kittredge.
lot on SE corner of Fifteenth and Church
streetF, S 25 by E T5; $10. ' ' '
Augustus J. P.nnken to Acnes K. Finlay
<Vife of William R.). lot on N line of Four
teenth street, 1T3 W of Sanchez, W 25 by N 1)3;
?1O.
Peter II. and Frideborg Anderson to Eola
M. Cyrus, lot en W line of Hartford street,
12S:9 N of Eighteenth, N 25 by W 125; $10.
City and County of San Francisco to Vit
torio Sattui. lot on S line of Twenty-third
street, 50 K of Bryant avenue. K 50 by S
ltM: 5 .
William S. Ilackett to Hilda Grunlr. lot on
K line of Bryant *trc»t. 23:4 N of Twenty
sixth. N 2!:4 by E 100; $10. i
Charles and Lizzie A. Werner to Albert J.
and ASlre A. Bierwirlh. lot on S lino of Day
btre.pt. M K of Church. E 25 by S 114; $10.
Elizabeth I'., and George M. Cummins to
Elizabeth G. M ester, re-record "0O> D. :ir>l and
20;a D. CS, of undivided half of following:
Lot en .N line of Clipper t>treet, 130 W of Ctia
tro. W W> by X 114: $10.
El Dorado Loan Association to Fabian A. and
Catherine V. Callahan, let on N line of Twen
ty-sixth street. J1S:S> Y7 of. Castro. V. r 22:10 by
N 114: JI0.
Jam*!, V.'. and Mary Smith to Elizabeth M.
Hawkins lot on S\V corner of Pine and Mon
roe streets. XV 40 by S CS:R; J1O.
KcnraA Schneider ar<i C Nicolal to Konrad
Bill, lot on X line or Union street. 160:2 E of
Jir.Jon. E :i0:iri by N 137:6; $10.
Koniad Bill to German Evangelical Lutheran
St. Andrea's Gemeinde. same: $10.
?JuiErpj.e an<l 1/ouisa Pastorl to Domenico
and Angela Devincrnzl. lot nn K line of Water
street, 1CO:3 n cf Taylor, E 22:6 by S 5T:6;
Sl'\ _. . .
HARLON DEFEATS BROAD.
THE SAN FRANCISQO: CALL, SATURDAY. JANUARY 30. 1904
14
ORDER F"OR THE
GREAT TWENTIETH CENTURY COOK BOOK
Mail This Order to The San Trancitco Call With 75c.
j '" - - ; . '
The San Francisco Call,
San Francfsco, Cal.:
Inclosed herewith pic as$ find ?5c, for which send me one
copy of The Call's Great Twentieth Century Cool- Book., (Fifty
Cents is The Call's Premium rate to all its six-month subscrib-
ers to the daily and Sunday paper, and the additional 25c is
to prepay shipping charges.)
SIGNEr #> -_
STREET .......... '....-.
CITY
STATE ".......:....;;.:.'.'.'.'.'............ ".[",
. DEATH NOTICES.
-:. - -= ¦•
Continued From Page Thirteen.
<{=.t U rday>. at 7:r.O o'clock, from th« jj*!' 0 ™
of McFadden. McErearty i- OrMD. 11.1 Mif-
•4OB st^t. lb«.ce to Minion Dolorri L* hurch |
«here » requiem nnfs »•»' b *. r * 1 *5 ra 'ft t £ r
xhe rewre of his «*I at S « clock mter-
nent Holv Cross Cemetery, by efrctnc car
from Klchteenth and Guorrpro rtree.s.
•KISZLEK- -In this city. January 2» 1901.
Annie KUi'er. beloved o. Mrs C.
I^din. a native of Pan Fraocteca. aeed 41
ye»ir» 7 montbf and T2 tiay^r
CTTrifnds aini p.co.uainlanof ¦ ar» respect- !
'vAU- invit'd to nf.ond the funeral lo-morrow
-Suiidav* at S o'clock, from the parlors of |
U F V--'hr £• Co., 11-tT Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eightli. Interment Mount j
olivet Otmeterr. by electric lunfral car from
r.l^hteenth ana Guerrero street*. Please j
emit flower*. * „.'¦!
LinSKNFELI-'— In Naoa. January 2.. 1901.
Eli«.bMh Liesonfeld. bf loved wife of the j
late P. L'.esenfeld, s. native of Germany. J
ar»d 78 yeare !<• month* and 2 days.
CrFriTds end acqualntences are respect- j
fully ir.v!t*>d t<>- «ttend tlie limeral Satutday, .
.January 3f». JS04. nt 2 o'clock, from tr.
Markup CfcOTCfc. O'KartvM ureet. lwtweMi .
Iranklln »t>d Gou«li. Cremation Odd fe>- i
lo»s' CenDPterv. ;
L.1LL— In ibi* city. January 2S, 19Wt, Conrad, j
beloved husband" of the late Catherine Mil, j
and father of Autrust and John Lil!. a aa- j
tive of Walne. Bayern, Orraany. a*od ~1 j
year* Jl months and £ days. (Appleton, ,
- \Vf«.. and Portland. Or., papern piease cory-) j
C3Tr;eiid3 trd a«j«it!nl.-'--rTs me resj^ct- j
fi!;iv invited t« ettend the funeral to-morrow .
• Kunday> at 1 o'clock, f-ma ths narlore or j
H. F. Ruhr * Co.. 1137 Mission street, te-.j
tw»wa Seventh and Ki:ht;i. Interment Cy- i
frfis I^awn Otseterr. toy f'.eotric funerai
rar from BtsbtWBtb and G'j-rrero atreetlt
Sti-COHMACK — C"cce!>. wlfa <¦ the late John I
McConntck, mother of Martiu .'. McCor- j
mack. Mr«. K. K. MeCarty and ih- !«te •
J-'atrlck Nyland. erar.drnother of Moiife and ;
Altec McCcrma<-k. TbectaJd M.. Alice E., >.
Beatrice M.. Evelyn G.. Frances M.. Car-
inehta G., M's. J. M. t.Yow>v and the la:e ;
Oertrude Mc<:«rtj-. and itreat grandmother j
of Kevin C and Ans'Im Oo«r«e]r. a native !
of K'.Ireecl*. CDflStT Galway, JrrlattJ, aged j
7* rears.
CyFTiend* and acquaintance* are respect-
ful'.y mvittd 'n »ttend the funeral to-day
• Eattrrday), at K:W o'clock, from h?r late
resirtesce. 2210 <;re-nwfch ttreet, thence to
Rt. Vincent de Paul* Chunh. where a sol-
emn reTJlrm hish raise will be celebrated ,
*ctT She r*i>^>9* of her s<>ul. coitimenc*nj5 at ** 1
o'clock Interment Haly Clo— Ometery. j
MrDOSALP — In th;» city. January 2«. 1304. j
Koben McDona'd. a narive of Scotland, i
• red T4 yearn. I
C/"Frii«nds arsO ac<32alntanee« are respect-
f'llly in^ted to attend the funeral to-morrow
• Suiulay), at 10 o'cIck-V. from the Masonic
Temple.' corner "f Posn. and Mont g-omery
' streets, under tie auspices of Kroelsior
Lcdjce So. 368. F. and A. M. Interment Cy-
rre»s Ijmwm Cemetery. I.y 11:30 o'clock train
?rx>m TiJlrd and Townsend t-trrexr.
METHEX— Entered intn re*t. in this' city.
Jnr.uarr 2K. 1904. Sarah Methen fnee Saadt),
beioved wife of the late Jacob Mnher.. and
lorina; mother of Hd AKen. Mrs. M. Corco-
ran and )1ti. E. UowelJ. a native of Liver-
pool. England, aged 65 years and 3 month*, j
<Kew Tork City and Brooklyn papers please j
cepy.»
C7*Fr1*ods and acquaintanefs are respect- 1
Tally invited to attend the funeral Sunday, I
at 12 o'clock, frcrn her late residence, 2 I
Simpson place, thence to the Howard -street !
M. K. Church. Howard street, between Sv- j
•¦•nd and Third, for FervJce* at J2:45 o'clock, j
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery. i
KKWELL— In tbi* city. January 2S. 19<H. i
Horace Newell, beloved hustiand of Amy I>.
New«il, and father of Arthur D. and Ralph j
C. KewdL a native of Enfleld. X. H., aged 4
72 years. j
CT" Funeral *ervice* to-flav (Saturday), at
30 o'clock, at the late residence, 1T21 Kddy !
"treet. Intfnnent Cypress Uwn Cemetery. i
O'l.EART — In this city. January 2«. 1904. j
Mary-, btloved daughter of the late .Tul a |
O'l^eary. and behoved wister of Mrs. M. .1. j
Hayes, a native of Sklbbereen, County Cork, i
Ireland. »ccj IA ;ears. i
C7Frifcnd« an! acquaintanofs are resrect- j
fully Invited to attend the fun'ral to-morrow !
¦ Sunday;, at 12:30 o'clock, from tfce parlors !
of J. C. O'Connor A Co., 7C7 Mission street, i
th.enee to St. Patrick's Church for services i
at 15:45 o'clock. Interment Holy Croes i
Cemetery. _ :
O NEIL— In this city. January 2S. 1904, the I
Rev. Js.aies Ixiu:i O'N'eil. O. P.. a native |
et Brooklyr, N. V., aged 45 years R months |
and 21 days. iXew y>oik papers please copy.i !
C7*A eolennn re<;uiem risfs wi!l be ejnr |
in Ft. Donr-inic's Ontrcb. Bush ar.d Sterner !
streets, at 1<» o'<-Iock to-day (Saturday*. '
The reverend clerry are Invited to be pres- i
sent without further notice. The interment i
will take mace Sunday at Benicia.
JGXAT1AN Council Xo. 35. V. M. I.— Mem- ;
bers are h?reby uierntly requested to at- j
tend the so>nin requiem ma;s to be sung at \
ft. Dom!n!c's Church for the repope of the i
*oul of our late honored brother. K*v. Father I
J. L. ONeil, O. P. Per order ',
1. D. DWTER. PreMdent. i
CHARLES L. EBXFR. Secretary. ;
OLSEX— Is Oakland. January 21. 15XM. >far<« !
M. Ol«en. beloved wife nt the !ate A. O.
Olsen. and dearly belovrd mother of Mrs. |
Carrie J. Jensen, a native of Norway, ag-d j
*54 years- 11 month* and 17 days.
C7"Frienci5 and acquaintance s are respect- i
fuiiy invited to attend t'.ie funeral B"?n-lce)> !
Sundiy. January ZU H*m. at 2 o'clock, at I
:he parlors of the Howe L'mierLaldns: Com- j
r>any. corner of Grove aud Twenty-second I
street?. Interment Mountain View Ceme- I
'"y. . t :
SAilL'KL— In this city. January 2J>. UKM. Er- ',
nest, beloved husband of Cora Samuel, a na-
tive of Encland. aped 35 y«=ars and 5 days. I
' A' member of Millwrljrhu" Union Xo. Ttjfj'of !
i"an Francisco.
CFnendjj ar.d acquaintanefs are reypect- I
folly invited to attend the funeial to-morrow j
• Sunday*, at 1 ::>O o'clock, from th«> funeral '
parlors- of Bunker & Lunt. 2CC6 Missim i
srre-t. between TmilU Winilrt and Twenty-
third. Mission Masonic Tcn:;>le. Interment '¦
Mount Olivet Oniftery.
SLOAX— In this city. January 2*. 1JKM. Pat- '¦
Hck. beioved husband of the late Elizabeth 1
.^iosn. fath-r r.f William J. anJ Mary i-Ioan. i
and brn;her of John und Wili'am Slcan. a :
oatfva of Carl!nefcrd, County I>outh, Ire- i
land aced H) year*. i
C7"Fri»nds and acquaintances are respect- {
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
'Pundsyj. it 12:15 o'clock, from the parlors
f>t 3. C O'<*onnor k Co.. 7C7 Mission street.
thence to St. Patrick's Church for services i
at ]":;«» o'clock. Interment Holy Cross i
Cemet'iy.
*P«X)XEr:— January ?s. ia«M. Augustus S.
• Ppfwner. fsther of David. Edward. George
arid Jn"hn Frwx.ner. Mr*. Emma Koblnson and
. Mr5. I*. \V. Mart!and. a native of Xevr Bed- j
fcrd. Hts-.. aged «O year* and 7 jnnnths !
CTThe funeral n ill tak»- iile^-e to-day j
• 'Saturday), at 11 o'clotk. from \h* i>arlors
<<f J. «.:. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Jliwion street. '
!n:*>rm<r!t < 'VDrcss Lawr. Cemetery.
SPKIXG— In Shis <i!>, January 2». VMM. Mary i
beloved wife of th» late Henry Sprine aiid I
mother of H»r.ry. John H. and A. J. Spring 1
Mrs. Henry IJavis and Mrs. <\ White, a na- i
tit* at County Kerry. Ireland, aged ti'! years. |
. i~y Notice of funeral hereafter.
JBttJLWAX^-l* this city. January 2S. mm. ¦
De«:if, b'ioved of Margaret and the late i
Michael Sullivan, atd brotlier of Xora S'.il- i
livan. « naxlvv of OuuTtxameabexTT. County i
Cork; Irclan.i, ag-ed f.rt y#ars. * j
»T7"The funcra! w;i! take ulace io-aay j
<Pafjrday>. nt :» o'clock, from his 1st* resi- j
«1»nce. -M lUtoh Ftnret. iliojicc to 5u I^atrick's i
<"hurch. w+.ere a requiem h!ph ma«> will be |
celebrated for the r»-pc*e of his soul st 9:30 '
o'clock. Interment Holy Cron Cemetery
VAX SOMEREX— In this citv. January SO. I
VJ*.'1. Harrv AI. Van J-omeren. beluveii hus-
hand of Kate Van Somei-en. and father of
Msude, Anna and Francin Van Someren' a
rmtive ot Hclland, ac-A :;5 years 8 months
and « daye.
• ' CTXotice of funeral hereafter.
T\"ALKER— In this rity. Januerv 2J» 1904
Francs Caroline Walker, beloved wife cf
John W. Walker. bf)rn April 23. 18S<), at I
5>encx. Mass.. a»-ed 1.; years. «Boston papers i
please copy.i j
CTTFriendj! «nd pcquaintE3?fg ?.-? respect- i
fuily invited tr, attend the funeral services I
Ktmaity. at 12:."U» o'clock, at the residence,
12K> Taylor street. Infrment Odd Felloivs' !
Cemetery. ,
WETRATHER— In this city. January C9 lad. !
tOora Wej-rather. t^lured Msr-.er of Ferdinand '
XVeyrather and link 11. C. Croep*r a na- !
tive of Hamburc, OitBUari
fCTRemains at the parlors of Mocahan 1
. OH.ra & Co.. VZV-41 Uisaloa street nefr 7
Xineteenth. Xotice cf funeral horeafter
TTH1PPLE— In I>ecotf>. Alameda Countv Ca! I
January- 2« i»04. CbmxitM Whippie; bVioved !
father or Charles. James and P.ertka AVhlD- !
pie. Mrs. Lulu Vclmw. Mrs. Annie Mever '
Mra-CIura May. Mrs. Kdca Huri'but "and !
Mr? EU* Haly. a native of Cla.kson. Pa.. I
aeed .0 years 8 months and IS davn fNew
I 1-ork and Michitan pap»rs please copy )
CTFriradu and acquaintances are re«Dect-
fully tnviteJ to att«cd the funerai services
to-day (Saturday). Et n o'clock, at his
late residence. Deccto. Alameda County Cal I
Interment CypreFS Cemetery. Decoto.
. "WICKEXS— la this city. Janu.iry 22 19O1
' Arthur Wick^n*. a nati%-e of Ensland ared
C.4 >ears 2 months and 3 days.
CTFrit-nds and acqualntancfs are respect-
fully invited to attentfdhe funeral to-morrow
-Sunday), at 2 o'clo<K from the Darlors of
Haleted &. Co.. 948 Mission street. Intc-
ment Oprers Lawn Cemeterj'. bv carriage
Remains at the parlors of Halsted is c5> '
S*«»i Mlaslcci Etreet. ','
CARD OF THAXKS.
We desire to exnress cur sincere thanks
for the kind eympathy ehown to us by our
many friends In our late bereavement the
less or our lo\1«sr husband and father. John
Gaddlnf.
MRS. ELIZABETH GAJtPIICl and Famijy.Pllvtr ccntlnuea very unsettled, going up one
day and down the next. It was u,c higher
yesterday.- Aside from a fractional' variatlor
In Sterling Exchange there was nothing else
new. ' . .
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — j4 8:1*1
Sterling Exchange, sight.' — 4 86^
Sterling Exchange, cables -4 8714
New York Exchange, sight .... 1214
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — l.v
Silver, per ounce. ...........;.... 65H4
Mexican Dollars, nominal 44 *q 45,
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— Liverpool futures were higher and
Paris futures. firm. " •.. • -
Hrndatrc-t's gave the exports from this coun
try for the week. Flour Included, at 2 017 000
bushels. Th* Modern Miller says that- 'the
winter Wheat crop has been . generally •• well
protected by snow from the recent cold wave.
Chicago continues to- bob about under Ar
mour's manipulations.' It advanced from KUic
to Die and fall, back to 83«4c. There was no
particular news ; from ; that market.
In this market futures. were higher, but the
cash .eltuntloa was precisely as before, being
quiet and featureless.- —
¦ ; '"-.'' . . CASH WHEAT. . . .
'. Callfornl* Club, $1 2H%@1 42*4; California
¦Whit* Australian.- $14531 50; Northern Club
$1 38»1®1 41 W: Northern .Bluestem. $1 47*4®
1 60;-Oregon Valley, $1-40. ' .
v . • ',-. futures;; . '
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
' Open. : High. " -'- LowV Close-
May ........?1 38U $1 3S\i ; f 1 sa^ %i 33 14
V I 2 p: m. Session. .
Open. - High. Low. Close.
May .....$1 3S% $1 38H 51 38>; $1 :<*i'i
BAKLEY-^Thtre' Is nothing new at all. Fu-
Excliange and Bullion.
.All descriptions under this head continue ts
previously quoted. . . , .
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about >*eie under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers. 9c: medium. Sc: M^ht. 7Hc; Cow. Hides.
7»>c for heavy and "He for light: Stags. 5c;
Salted Ktp. 0c: Salted Veal, :0c: Salted Calf.
lOUc; dry Hides, 15®iec; dry Kip. 13«: dry
Calf 18c: Sheepskins, shearlings. 25930c each;
short Wool. 40<JC5c each; medium. 70©9Cc : long
Wool $1®1 50: Horse. Hides, salt, $2 75 for
large and 5282 50 for medium. $1 25*31 75 for
small and 50c for Colts. Horse Hides, dry.
$1 70 for large and $1 BO for medium. $1©1 23
for small and 5Oc for Colts. Buck Skins — Dry
Mexican. 31c: dry salted Mexican. 25e; dry
Central American. 31c. Goat Skins— Prime An
xoras. 75c; Urge and smooth. 50c; medium. 35c;
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4e per lb; No.
2 .Tic: gr»a*e. 2H©3e. -
* WOOL — Fall clip — San Joaqnln Lambs*, n^
lie: Middle Comity. ll©12c: • Northern De
fective, tminc: Nevada, I3«|l5c: Oregon fine,
ipiSlJV*: Or^r^n medium. 17c p*r Ib."-
HOPS— 25<?30c per lb • for California, 1003.
and 17®20c fcr crop of 1004.
Hides. Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Large white Beans are lower, as several large
lots have been thrown on the market during
the past few days. They have got to go still
lower before the j West will take them, unless
the latter market takes a pronounced rise.
Limas have at- last advanced under the dry
weather, trough tbe advance Is sllfih-, and deal,
ers say that some improvement in shipping or
ders It reported.
BEANS— Bayo». $2 35®2 45; Pea, $3 25: But
ters S3; small White. $2 0533 05: large White.
$2 2'vg2 50; Pink.$2 80<S2 00; Red, $4 25g:-4 50;
Lima. $3 25@3 30;: Red Kidneys. $4 25S4 50;
Blackeye. $2 15@2 25 per ctl; Horse Beans,
$2®2 00.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, $3 CO; Yellow Mus
tard, $2 «5ff"- 80: Flax. $1 boat »0: Canary.
5<&Mic for. Eastern: Alfalfa, 14C14*ic: Rape.
l»4©2c: Timothy, C@6%c; Hemp, 3V4«f^Vic per
lb; Millet,* 3©3>*c; Broom Corn Sead, $C0#2i
. per ton. ¦ - . ¦ . t
DRIED PEAS— Blackcye. $2 23§2 50 per ctl.
1 Beans and Seeds.
LOCAL 3IAKKETS.
NEW.- TORK. 'Jan. 29.— Tin was about 5s
lower In London, closing at £126 7s Cd for
spot and £127 for futures. Locally, tin 'was
In fair demand and a little higher, with spot
quoted" at $28 05#2S 35. ¦
Copper also was lower in London, with spot
quoted at £56 7s fid and futures at £06-53.
Locally, copper was unchanged. Lake. $12 »i2>4
©12 R7>4: el^trolytlc, $12 50gl2 75; casting.
$12 37¥i«12 C2«4.
• Lead declined Is Sd in London to £11 8s Ad
and lort about an eighth of a cent locally, with
the close ranging' from $4 45«to $4 SO.
- ". Spelter advanced 2s ' M to £21 . 17s Cd In
London but was easier here, declining about
5 points tb $4 90(95.
Iron closed' at 49s " Od In Glasgow and at
42s 3d in Mlddlesboro. Locally, iron was un
chanted. No. 1 ' foundrj*. Northern, is quoted
at $15ffl<5; No.' 2. foundry. Southern. . $14*jlG£
New York Metal Market.
NEW TORK. Jan. 29.— FLOUR— Receipts,
• 10,300 barrels: exports, 330 barrels. Quiet but
firm. • • •
WHEAT — Receipts, 1950 bushels; exports,
. £pot, firm. No. 2 red, 03c elevator; No.
2 red. 94c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern Du-
Iuth, $1 00V6 f- o. b. afloat: No.. hard-Mani
toba, nominal,, f. o. b. afloat. Option* were
steady all day. closing 46C»«Jic net higher.
May closed at »2 Tic. July closed at 87%c and
September closed at 81 W,c. **
HIDES — Firm.
WOOL— Firm.
PETROLJTUM— Steady.
SUGAR — Quiet. Refined, quiet.
COFFEE — Epot Rio, firm; mild, steady. Fu
tures closed steady, unchanged to 5 points aet
lower. Sales. 210.000 bags. Including: March.
7.90®Sc; May, S.20fZS.Wc; July. S.50^S.55c;
October, 8.90c: JTovCmber, S.95c; December,
».05@».15c.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market is
quiet and rather easy in tone. Common. 4®
5c; prim*. i\iQS\ic; choice, 6Va®Cc; fancy,
6HS7C. ....
¦ PRUNES — Ruled active, ranging from 3Hc
to 8^c. according to grade. ,
APRICCTS— Are tn lair demand. Choice.
$V*<39\-tc; extra chclce. 9fi@10>4c; fancy, 11
€HHt. . . ..
PEACHES — Remain quiet and steady/
Choice, 7U©7*ic; extra choice, 7%'g-Sc: fancy,
9310c
New York Grain and Produce,
Hay.* Bran and Middlings continue firm at
full figures. Offerings of the two latter are
still ' light. ¦
' BRAN— $21@22 per ton.
MIDDLINGS — $27 5O@20 per ton."
SHORTS — $21<322 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFK— Rolled Barley, f 24323
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $29 Cofi.1l;
jobbing $32; Cocoanut Cake, $21®22; Corn
Meal. $2S IHJg29 50; Cracked Corn. »29^^0;
Mixed Feed. $22@23; Horse Beana. 530340 per
ton. ? ¦ .; ¦ i
HAY— Wheat, $14^17 50: Wheat and Oat.
$14@16 CO: Oat. SlJjnO; Wild Oat. SiS'rfll:
Barley, $12614 50: Stock, nominal — none here;
Alfalfa. $12013 R0 per ton.
STRAW— 60@75c per bale.
Hay and Fcedstuffs.
Chicago reports a weak market, with stocks
showing ' considerable increase; Receipts of
Hogs are again largely in excess of last year
and prices are 5§10c lower. Everything indi
cates a continued large movement in Hogs.
Packers can get higher prices In. Chicago than
elsewhere. - •
This mark»t shows no change whatever. •
CURED MEATS — Bacon, lie per lb for
heavy. imc for light medium. 13 Vic for light.
14c for extra light and 16c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 13"4c; California
Hams. 12H©W£: Mesa Bnf. SU K> per bbl;
extra Mess.. $12^12 CO; Family. $13: prlm«
Mess Pork. $16: extra clear. $24; Mess. $18:
Dry Salted Perk. HHc: Pig Pork. $28; Pigs'
Feet #5 25: Smoked Beef. 15c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 7c per lb for
compound and 9Hc for pure; half-barrels, pure.
9^c; 10-lb tins. 10c; 5-lb tins. 10%c; 3-lb tins,
C + OTTOLENE— One half barrel. 8?te: thre«
half barrel?. S»ic; oni» tlerc*. 8%c; two tierces.
SV£c: five tierces. 8%c per lb.
Provisions.
h LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — / : • March. May.
Opening 6 3H « 2h+
Closing e 3\ 6 2*«
PARIS.
Wheat— • Jan. May-Aug.
Opening 20 85 2115
Closing :........ 20 90 21 20
Flour— : •
.Opening 29 45 2$ 65
Closing .. 4 29 60- 23 70
' St. Louis Wool Market. .
ST. LOUIS, Jan. 29. — Wool — Nominal. Medi
um grades, combing- and clothing, lTQUlc;
light fine, 15®17%c; heavy fine, 12^14^0; tub
washed, S0(730*£c.
London Wool Sales.
LONDON. Jan. 29. — The offerings at th«
wool, auction sales, to-day consisted of a su
perior supply, amounting .to 13:842 'bales.- Cross
bred* * w«t© ; very ¦active; and firm 'and several
lots were taken by* Americans.
Northern Business.
SEATTLE. Jan. 29. — Clearings, $469,299;
balance*. ?SS,458.
TACOMA. Jan. 29.— Clearings, $350,166; bal
anceR, (32,753. .
PORTLAND, Jan. 29.— Clearings, $393,700;
balances, $45,059. ¦ ¦ . -- ; • .
SPOKANE. "Jan. 29. — Clearings. $269,035
balances. $27, 6^0.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Or.. Jan. 29.— Wheat— Walla
Walla, 74(?75c; ..bluestem, 79aS0c: vallev
7l)^®80c. J "
"WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Jan. 29.— Wheat— Bluestem, 79c
club, 78o. '
The Pacific Coast Borax Company paid a
regular monthly dividend of $1 per slurs.
amounting to $19,000). yesterday.. .
The Boston and Montana . Mining Company
has declared a quarterly dividend of $2 per
share.
The Osceola Mining- Company of Michigan
paid a dividend of $1 per share yesterday.
The previous dividend was S3. paid December
23. 1901. To date the company has paid divi
dends amounting to $4,217,300.
The Champion Mines Company of Nrvarf*
City district has levied an assessment of 25
cents per share, delinquent February 20.
The Orient Gold Placer Mining Company of
Nevada County haa levied an assessment - of
35 cents per share, delinquent February 15.
At the annual meeting of the First -National
Bank of San Jos* the following directors- were
elected: W. C. Andrews. J. D>. Phelan.:O. A.
Hale J D, Grant. A. K. Whltton. 8. F., Lelb.
W. S. Clayton. J. W. Chase and J. D.-Rad
ford. • •
. Th« net earnings for the past year amount
ed to $51,313 04. out of which semi-annual
dividends were paid at th« rat# of S. per cent
per annum.. •¦ '
Joseph D Radford -was re-elected president,
g. p. Leib vice president, and Paul Furst
•cashier. ¦
Stock and Bond Exchange.
• • . FBlbviT. Jan. 29 — 2 p. nv '
TJXITED STATES BONDS.- •
BXd-AsSc.t Bid. Ask.
4s or coup-.107*s — 4» qr cp new t.T^ 134
4s qr reg.-.lOtHlOSmSs qr coup..lOX 103*i
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A TV 5s. — — O T Co Cs.llS —
BayCPC5s. — 103 Do 5s ....109 —
Cal C G 5a. — 107 Do con 5s. 102 —
Cal G & E g Oceanic 3 5*. — 75
&*ct 5s. — 104 Om Cable «s.l22&123
Cal-st C 5»-114 — Pac O tin 4s. — , : ft*
C C Wat 5s. — .104, P E Ry 58.104^ _
Ed L & P 6s.l25 ; 131 « P & C rj «s.lO3 —
F * C H 6s. — 120 !• ft OR 6s.ll(J —
Geary-st 5s.. •«5»i 90 Pow»ll-st es.ll2X4 —
H C&S 5Hs.l*>* — SE G&R 8s. ¦— 1CO»4
Do 5« ...'.'¦ W»*16O SF & SJVSs.llS 118^
Hon R T 68.106 — Sierra Ry 6»_ — 112"^
L A Elec 6m. — — SPofA«s
-L A Ry 5a.". — 118 n»0»> I05H —
LALCo«s. — — n»10> ....106H —
Do gtd 6s. — — 8 P «f C '«¦•••"
Do Ktd 5s. — 104H (1905)Sr A.104 104H
There were no features worthy of note on
the local stock exchanges. Trading continue*!
light. Among the unlisted Sfcuritles 1COO>
United Railroad bonds void at $30 25 and .V"
shares of San Francisco Gas and C&ke soM
at $1 5a
Brokers report considerable business In Ton
opah stocks between here and New York, Bos
ton and Philadelphia. It appears that Tono
pab, Belmont and several other prominent
mines are controlled In Philadelphia, which
explains the business with that city. Montana.
Midway and. North Star are also being taken
by the public here and In the East. Ths
railroad which la to connect tbe district with
the Carson and Colorado Railroad la now be
ing constructed from Rhodes to Tonopah. »
distance of alxty miles, and its completion is
expected by July 1. • /
All Classes of Securities Quiet and
Featureless.
;e!\stern markets.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $4 60®
4 K5. usual terms; Bakers" Extras, ${ COff 4 60;
Oregon and Washington. $3 1K»@4 20 per bbl for
Family and $3 00©4 40 for Bakers'.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In packages are as
follows: Graham Flour. $3 25 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour, $."{ 25; Rye Meal. $3; Rice Flour.
$7: Corn Meal. $:: 25: extra cream do. St: Oat
Groats, - $4 GO;- Hominy. $4@4 .25; Buckwheat
Flour, $4 50@4 73; Cracked ""Vheat, $3 75; Fa
rina. $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50: Rolled
Oats. bbls. $7 25@S CO; In sacks. $6 75@$ 10;
Pearl Barley. $0; Split Peas, boxes. $7; Green
Peas. $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
Foreign Futures.
SUGAR — Th« Western Surar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb, v in 100-Ib bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. &55c;
Powdered. 5.4Cc; Candy Granulated. 5.40c; Dry
Granulated, fine, 5.30c; Dry Granulated, coarse.
5.30c; Fruit Granulated. 5.30c: Beet - Granulat
ed (ICO-lb bajs only). 5.10c: Confectioners' A.
5.30c; Magnolia A,-4.J>0c; Extra C. 4.80c: Golden
C, 4.70c: "D." 4.60c; barrels. 10c more; half
barrels, 23c more; boxes. 50c more: 5O-lb bags.
10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half barrels.
5.80c: boxrs. 6.C5c; H. & E. Crystal Domlnos.
S.30c per lb. No orders taken for less than
seventy-five barrels or its equivalent. . :...
Receipts of Produce.
FOR FRIDAT. JAXTTART ».
Flour qr sks .. 31.2S54Feed. sks ..... 115
Wheat, ctls .... 6.570 Screenings, sks.. «12
Barley, ctls .... 6.045 Broomcorn. bdls. 875
Oats ctl« 835 Tallow, ctls .... £22
Corn ctls 2.310 Pelts. No li<>
Rye ' ctls 720 Hides No SJ>7
Beans, sks 1.2C0 Sugar. ctl« ' 4.5Ort
Potatoes. «ks .. 2. 573 (Leather, rolls .. - 212
Onions sks .... 30, Wine, gals 101. WO
Bran sks 1.595; Raisins bx» ... 3.00<>
Middlings sks.. 60 Lime, bhu .... l.«?
Hay, tons 61 6, Chicory, bbls ..." 4O
Straw, tons .... 10- Paper, ream*... 1,270
Wool, bales .... 31 1
;TCEW , T'OIIX. Jan. 29.— Prices of stocks
h»d a wavering, uncertain rac\-ement to-day
tfcst haraJy deserved the name of fluctuation*.
I>urlaff the course of the diy the market cams
dlsiott absolutely to a standstill. The un
dertone was h«-avy, bewsver, and the slight
aivinfM at, one time attained were indif
ferently held. Probably the conviction that
t r..~ sort of crisis was near at hard in the
strained situation tn the Far East helped ta
paralyrt fi»eculatlve activity. Even the com
modity markets reflectefl torn* dirposltion to
¦wait *fce definite outcoire of the Russian re
lly w '.lit Jar'En?s<*-propo«aIs. Newe repcrts
oJ'jtlje rash cf iHod efciprnents across the con
tinent to fill liuesian arrcy orders were cf
rcm* sitn'.acaace as to the effect of war upen
«S£inestic business fc're. It f« nolntcsl opt that
cf i,M $y.!4S.OO0» which the *ub-treasurj- has
cOntrfftyted to the New York haaks this week
Tncr» than three-fourths is on a -Count of Jan
'¦Macie fold deposited In San Krancisco. This
»roi4,-; is' cenera!Ty ancctcd to represent pay
'.r.';-i for* army prorisicrs rather than a re^u
la' «xch«nre operation. The usual p^llm
ls:ary fstlnuites cf the intericr movement in
dicate e jca.in by New Tcrk of over «3,000,000
in r •¦::- 01' tocif hicreaee In from
Sew' Tork,to Southern polnle during the week
:n ' conhect«on with the cotton movement. As
\> rhe K*ln In the eub-treasvry. it Ss likely
; . be wiped out by to-£ay'* credit balance of
:hru institution at the clearlre-bouM of $2.
i;12.I12, iiue to the taking up of m. Central
Rari'Cs r.ote for abou: $2,800,000. The ex
tr^tae eene of rail .meney to-<Jay «!id not In
iZ:r^:r any notable .weakening of the condition
¦ -' ihe banks, although a considerable lean
*--Apai:si£>j?5<is expeft« d in tc-morrow'e statement. I
Vr.Hed Elates Steel eoiuinu'd to bs a drag
;:;on Use tnarket. although the volume of «t«
ftivity was much les* to-day. Trade reviews
<--~:itinucd ! t« add to the weight of" opinion
fcr.-.:n,-T irnproving prospectji .In the trade.
There is wea m. tone of . reprobation -of the
attempts which have been previously made
;•> claim lmprovenient with the We*,, ap
iAr'-nUy mirtaken. that it would
buyers to corce into th» msrlrct. The Union
Pacific's favorable nt ••arnlegs for December
offered a contrast pleasing to Investors r.ith
th» uniform tendeticr towartJ a decrease for
that month and which wa* esemplifird In tbe
returns for tte Wabasb. 1^'iAph ¦ Valley and
Canad'an Padfle made to-fla^.. The average
<errra»e in net earnings for December in roads
nTOTtln* previous to to-da.y already runs as
high as 12 per cent. The L'nio«* Pacific show-
Inr tm attributed to a drastic reduction In the
extraordinary expenditures for* improvements
• ties have ions been In progress on that and
New York Stock Market.
NijVT TOR«C. Jan. 29.— Mcner on rail was
m.e*AT. iK&2 V** cent; ' closing bid and of
fered. 1*4 per cent. T!m» loans were <!u!l and
eteajd")'' »txty days. SU.'9.~a 4 p*r cent; n1n*ty
daye.- S-,&4 x>er cen'; £x months. 4S4 : * per
o^nt-
NetCeYork Money Market.
NEW TORK. Jan 29. — The cotton market
opened easy with October 2 and the other
months from 15 to 23 points h'gher. In the
last few minutes the local bull leader rushed
into the ring and began bidding for July,
taking everything in sight, and advanced that
position to 10.1S. within IS points of last
night's figure, while the other old crop months
were 13 to 17 points lower. September lost 38
points and October 10, a* compared with last
night. »
New York Cotton Market.
Miscellaneous Markets.
There is nothing further to report In this
market. The demand continues very light.
FRUIT— Apricots. 7V;©9*ic for Royals and 9
©lie for iloorpark*; Evaporated Apples. 4©
5%c; sun-dried 3@Jc; Peaches. 4©C%c; Pears,
6@I0c; Nectarines 4@5%c; Figs, white. 4©4? 4 c
in boxes; black, 4%c; Plums, pitted, 6ff9e per
pound.
PRUNES — 1903 crop. 2%§2»4c for the four
sizes.
RAISINS — F. o. b. prices, Fresno, for 1903
crop: 50-lb boxes — Loose Muscatels. 2-crown.
h\\c per lb: 3-crown, 5%c; 4-crown, 6%c; Seed
less Muscatels, 4%c: do. floated. 4%c; un
bleached Sultanas. 4%c; Thompson's Seedless.
5%c. London Layers — 2-crown, $1 25; 3-crown.
$1 .T5; 4-crown clusters.- $2; 5-crown Dehesas.
?2 50; 6-crown Imperials. $3: Malaga Loose, 2
crown. 5c per lb: do 3-crown, 5%c; Valencia
Cured. 4%c: Pacific, do, 3%e; Oriental, do,
2*ic. Seeded Reisins-^-lS-oz packages, fancy,
Sc per lb: choice. 7%c: 12-oz packages, fancy.
6»4c; choice. 6%c; In bulk, fancy. 7?ic; choice.
7%e. ¦ • -
NUTS — Walnuts, No. 1 softshell. 13%©14c;
No. 2, U»Aei2c; No. 1 hardshell. 13®13%c;
No. 2, ll@ll«4c; Almonds, lie for Xonpareils.
10%c for I X L. 10%c for Xe Plus Ultra and
fc*ic for Languedcc: Peanuts, 6®7c for Eastern.
Pecans. ll@13c: Cocoanuts. $4 50©5; Chest
nuts. 507c per lb. /
HONEY— Comb. lC©ll%c for white and S%©
9U.C for amber; water white extracted. 5O
6%c: light amber extracted. 4%©4%c; dark.
BEKSWAX— 27g20c per lb.
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins, Honey
SHEEP— Receipts. 5000; sheep and lambs
slow; good to choice wethers, $4 20@4-60; fair
to choice mixed, $3 75@4 10; Western sheep,
$405 25: native lambs, $4 25@6; Western
lambs. $4 60@6 05.
CHICAGO, Jan. 29.-^-CATTLE^-Recelpts.
6000; slow; good*to prime steers " $4 80@5 50;
poor to medium %Vn 4 60; stockera and feed
ers, $2 40©4; cows. $1 50@3 75: heifers. $1 75
Cai 50; canners. $1 50^2 25; bulls' $1 7r.@t 30;
calves. $3 5067 25. "
HOGS — Receipts to-day. So.000; to-morrow,
20.000; 5®10c lower; mixed and butchers'. $4 80
65 05; good to choice heavy. $4 Uofib 15; rough
heavy. $4 75«?4 95; light, $4 60@4 90; bulk of
sales. $4 80@5.
CHICA"qO,j
Livestock Market.
tures are naturally firmer under the current
crisp, clear weather and north wind, but the
cash grain continues quiet, with dealers ap
parently indifferent as to , what becomes of the
market. It is not so many years ago that such
a prolonged clear, cold spell as we have been
having over a large portion at least, of ."the
State would have sent the market up anywhere
from $1 to $5 per ton. but this winter the
clear weather does not 6eem to affect It even
slightly. Everybody Is surprised at this curi-
I ous condition and nobody attempts to ex
plain It.
CASH BARLET.
Feed, $1 10©I 12%; Shipping and Brew
ing. $1 15@1 17%; Chevalier. $1 17%©1 40 for
fair to choice.
. x FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m. •
Open. High. Low. Close.
May... $1 0s% $109% $1 CS% $100
December ... 1 03
2 p. m. Session.
Xo salec.
OATS — Thero is not much going on In this
market at present and quotations remain un
changed.
White. $1 20©l 35: Black. $1 2501 55; Red.
$1 20@l 32% for feed and $1 25@1 35 for seed; i
Grays. $1 32% per ctl.
CORN — Is firm but not overactive, though,
the demand Is sufficient to absorb the dally re
ceipts. There Is very little State Corn coming
in, and the West continues to furnish the bulK
of the supplies.
Western sacked. $1 27%@1 30 for Tellow.
$1 27%©1 30 for White and $125 for:
Mixed; California large Yellow. $1 35; small
round do. $1 40S1 50; White $1 S5 per ctl:
Egyptian. $1 45@1 55 for wnlte and $1 25 for
brown. ¦ ¦¦ ¦ '
RYE— $1 25^1 30 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $1 75@2 per ctl.
.' -Wall Street Bulls and Bears.
*ft^ -*?" ** K 1088 '^ cv * r th « wires yesterday
"iSSl "*^ e *>u:i crowd are vp against it.
Tb»y«ar» if»ia4 with itoda and have no mar
'.• t ..* > •«'* them oa. 7t.e bear party has now
1 .^ome aggressive but powerful interests ar«
•till on. the trail t!de."
.-..". The Japanese Yen.
; •.• T^* rocjlnued in-.portaUon of Japanese yen
a; ;.hij port has created considerable toQairT
•* .to t&* vs/.ue aad character of the gold
yea. Its value In. American money is $.498.
tal It- is % colned In tw»aty. ten and five yen
Jv ' eoe *. th « latter being the sm&lleFt coinage,
a* th» unit is not coined. Roughly figuring
.n rpuca" numbers, the five-yen go'.d piece is
?*erth ' about ?2 50 in American money and
¦ so on upward.
Weather Report.
. <12fXli, Meridian— PaciSc Time.)
. 6AX FRANCISCO. Jan. 29—5 p. m.
l> Tti f»jUowln» are the seasonal rainfalls to
. <iate. &s cpn-ipared with those of the same
date Um season, and the rainfall tn the latt
r twt.ar>--four hours:
< L«« This Lart~
• _ fc **i lont — 24 hours. Season. Season.
9 R«rd Biuff ... ;..0.00 13.60 1C.13
• Fa* -amento o.OO ft. 22 » 23
fem Franc>co : .O.tiO 7.10 8-17
Frejno 0.00 1.4S 4i75
°- O.O0 © 4*» 1 54
tan Luis Obispo 0.00 1.90 S.Zo
I^otc Angeles 0.00 0.57 C bi
f*i3l Dieco ; 0.00 0.45 «.4b
THE COAST RECORD.
• e ~ 2 2 » *3
c % • -=* •=- «^ <» 2
c 2 2 2- || 1\ p §
, 9 j6TATJOX.' I 1 1 J § =f I- I
\ t 1 r r §
• .» * : : "•' : ¦ . :
o^"»ra:ion 30.^ 5C 4<> ,\\v fiear 00
JJakp r 3n.4»t 36 10 SE Cloudy- .00!
. r^prson 30.44 4.S 14 W Cloudy .00 !
Kurcks 30.32 M 34 NW «'l»ar' .00
Ic^eno :«>.26 «4 St KW Pt.Cldy .OO
jnagFtaff ."J0.14 44 « N'E CI«i-ar .tO
PocateUo 3O. S4 34 12 E Cloudy -00.
"lEd«v^ndenee 30.20 08 .JSO NW Cloudy .00
U A?^el*^....:w.i6 70 42 W Clear .«J0
Mt.Tama'pnis .'u.2« 5-"5 4« N Clear .00
>'onh Head. ..30. 50 42 34 NW CJoudy A*)
Phoenix 30.12 00 2S SW Clear .00
Portlind 30. 4H VA 36 N Cloudy .no
RM .BJuff . . . 30.26 CS 42 N Clear .<*)
Reseliurg 30. 4*5 4« 172 NVC" Oear .00
Sacramento ..30.24 CO 4O NE Pt.Cldy .00
Salt.Lai'-* ...30.2S rrj 10 S Cloudy .<M>
S. Francieco...30.2S e2 55 N Clftar .00
H. L. OUispo..30.18 74 28 X Clear .CO
San: Dt<jgo ..:S0.14 €2 4t NW Clear .00
P»*tUe 3-0.54 ."S 34 W <nou(Jy .00
Spokane . 30.22 32 3O ST\* cloudy .00
¦Tafvj»li 30.44 42 3S NE Cloudy .00
"!»'alla CVal!a..30.40 36 2« S Cloudy .<i0
Wlnnemuc^a. 30.44 40 b W Ctwidy .0<»
Tunia .., 30.16 66 40 N Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITION? AND GENERAL
* FORECAST.
pressure is falling rapidly over the
rfocky •Mountain region. Clonety weather pre
vails over Nevada and Utah. No rain has
fa'len west of the Rocky Mountains.
I The temperature has remained nearly sta
tiorsjr over the entire Pacific slope, except in
Ncrtcern. Oregon, where it has fallen rap
idly. •
W'arm^ weather continues in the interior of
California, the temperature being from 10 to
15. dfg^ above the normal.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hmirs. ending midnight of January 30:
?dv?*.to*m Calif oraia — Fair Saturday; light
northerly w'.nds. ¦
S.>u:*ierif California — Fair Saturday, with In
creasing ..cloudiness; light northeast winds,
changing vo «out.:west.
Nev^fiar— Cloudy Saturday.
sis '¦''FAnciseo and vicinity — F«!r Saturday.
»ith Increasing cloudiness: light northeast
v'Jnds. " A. G. McADIE.
. * -. # District Forecascer.
CHICAGO. Jan. 20.— On . the Produce Ex
change to-day the butter market was firm.
Creameries; 15@22c; dairies, 13@19c. Eggs,
weaker at mark, cases Included, 27@29%c.
Cheese, steady, 10@10%c
Butter, Cheese and- Eggs.
Despite the mild and sunny weather, trade
in Oranges was quiet and the market ! ruled
weak, with stocks of all grades of Navels
heavy. The large sizes of Navels, say 9Gs and
1123, wer9 scarce, and in the open market such
stock commanded a premium. There was a
good demand in the auction rooms for large
fruit tor shipment to Honolulu, but the bidding
for the small and medium sized fruit was slow.
Three cars, inducting one of extra fancy Red
lands fruit. Were sold as follows: Extra fancy,
$1 50@2 1)0; ordinary fancy. $1 23@1 95; choice.
$l#l 55; standard. 70c<3?l 35.. The extra de
mand for the large sizes accounts for the wide
difference In prices. Of the car of extra fancy
only seven boxes of 96s brouzht the top quo
tation. One Fmall lot of 112s brought $2 10.
while $1 85 was the highest price obtained for
the bal* nee of the car. Lemons. Limes and
Grape Fruit were plentiful and dull at..un
changed prices. ¦ ¦:¦..,
The Apple market was unchanged, with
strictly 'fancy offerings still bringing high
price?. The choice grades were abundant and
in -fair request,- -and common • stock was well
cleaned up. -
i APPLES— $1 65#1 75 per box for extra
fancy; ?1 2oigl 50 for ordinary fancy, 85c8$l
for choice and 50<g75c for common.
PEARS — Winter Xellls from cold storage.
$1 7562 per box. -
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. $1 6O32
per box for fancy, $1 25@1 75 for choice and
WJcflfl for standards: Seedlings. 50cfi$l:
Tangerines, 75ci?Sl 25 per box; Lemons. $1 75
62 50 for fancy. $1 25@1 50 for choice and
75cCi$l for standard: Grape Fruit. $192: Mex
ican Limes. $i'a I 50; Bananas. $162 per
bunch for Hawaiian and $282 5O for Central
American: Pineapples, $1 60®2 50 per dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
CHICAGO, Jan. 29. — Cash quotations were
as follows; Flour, steady; No. 3 wheat, 7(i@
87c; No. 2 red. 899b@93>4c; No.; 2 corn, 47%c;
No. 2 yellow, 4S%c; No. 2 oats.. 40€?40%c; No
3 white, 40@42%c; No. 2 rye. 57c; good feeding
barley, 3S@39c; fair to choice malting, 45£M7c;
No. 1 flaxseed, ?1 10; Xo. 1 Northwestern,
$1 17%; Prime Timothy Seed, $3 15; mess pork,
per barrel. $13 25@13 37%; lard, per 100 pounds,
$7 20@7 25; short ribs sides (loose). $u 47%@
6 62%; short clear aides- (boxed).* $6 87%&7;
whieky, basis of high wines, $1 27; clover,, con
tract grade, $1125.-.
Articles — • Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 15,000 10,800
Wheat, bushels 20,300 22,500
Corn, buphels.:...: 170,100 197.400
Oats, bushels 60,600 '- 94.200
Rye, bushels 10,500 ' 1.400
Barley, bushels... 2S.500 13,500
Cash Grain and Provisions.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 6%<9
7c per Ib; White Lead. 6Vs®7c. according to
quantity.
COAL - OIL — Water Wh!t« Coal Oil
In bulk. 15c; Pearl Oil In cases. 21%c; AstraL
21%c; Star. 21%c: Extra Star. 25%c; Elaine.
27%c; Eocene, 24%c; Deodorised Stove Oaso
lin*. in bulk. 17c; in cases. 23 %c; Benzine, la
bulk. 13c: In cases. 19%c; S6-degre» Gasoline.
In bulk. 25c: In case*. 3lc.
TURPENTINE — SSc per gallon in eases and
£2c In drums and iron barrels.
COAL — Wellington." $S per. ton; New Wel
lington. JS; Seattle. $6 SO; Bryant. $8 SO; Bea
ver HU1. *6; Standard. $7; Roslyn. $7;
Coos Bay, (5 60; Greta. >7; Wallaead. $7; Rich
mend. $7 60; Cumberland. $13 In bulk and
914 25 In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg.
$14; Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13; We fan Lump.
Ill 60; Cannel. $3 50 per ton; Coke. Ill 5oj
13 per ton In bulk and $15 in sacks; Rocky
Mountain descriptions. $11 45 per 200O lbs and
S12 8t> per long ton, 'according to brand.
OILS— Quotations are for barrels; for cases,
add 6c; Linseed. 49c per gallon for boiled and
47« for raw; Castor Oil. In cases. Xo.' 1 70c-
Bakers* A A. $1 1OS1 12; Lucol, 44c fpr boiled
"and 42c for raw; China Nut. 6O@7Oc per gallon-
Cocoanut Oil. In barrels. 58c for Ceylon and 53o
for Australian; extra bleached winter Sperm
Oil. 80c;. natural winter Sperm Oil. 75c; extra
bleached winter Whala Oil. 65c; natural Whals
Oil, 60c; extra winter strained Lard OH 85c-
No. 1 Lard Oil. 75c; pure Neatsfoot Oil 75c :
Xo. 1 Xeatsfoot OO. C5c: light Herring Oil 43c'
dark Herring Oil. 43c; Salmon OIL 38c; boiled
Fish Oil, 40c; raw Fish Oil. 2Sc; boiled Pain*
Oil. 35c; raw Paint OIL 33c. "
BAGS — Grain Bags. . 5%35%c; San Quentin.
6.65c; Wool Bags. 32S33c; Fleece- Twine, T%^
8c. ' ¦,¦:
General Merchandise.
Livestock, delivered in San Francisco, less CO
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLK—Kteers, 8t?t»c: Cowi a"nd Heifers.
"SSc: thin Cows, 4ff5c per lb.
CALVES — IS4%c per lb (groaa weig&tV- *
- SHEEP— Wethers. 4%95c; Ew*s. 4%«4%9
per lb (gross weight). " " . -
LAMBS— 5®3%c per lb. ; ¦
HOGS— Live Hogs. 140 to ISO lbs, 5% 1*3%?:
over ISO Kjs, Bc;ioff Hogs. 4%c: Sows. 20 per
cent off; Boars, 50 per cent off, and Stags, 40
per cent oft from above quotations.
Eggs of all kinds are well cleaned up and
the market Is very- firm, with small sales of
ranch at 2Cc. though there is not much busi
ness over 25c. TT.e demand for' shipment keeps
up and shipping buyers are taking- everything
they can tet within the limit of their orders.
The range in prices continues extremely . nar
row. Receipts yesterday fell off about 50 cases
from the recent daliv average.
Receipts were 40, 0C0 lbs Butter; 938 cases
Egjrs and 12.000 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery, 29c for firsts. 30@31c
for extras and 2ti@2Sc for seconds; dairy. 1S9
22c; store Butter, nominal; cold storage, 220
242 for extras, li>g20c for seconds and ICJJISc
for ladle-racked. • x •
CHEESE— 10©ll%c for good to choice new
and 7%^i»%c for lower grades; Young Amer
icas. 11012c; Eastern. 15©16c; Western. 14®
15c "p*r- lb. .••.••
EGGS — Ranch, 25c for choice to fancy
and 23@24c for small and mixed, colors; store,
23i@24c; cold storage/ 18319c. .
There Is no particular change In Butter ex
cept that quotations for cold storage show some
revision. The market rules steady.' with a con
tinued scarcity in creamery extras.' ' *
The depression In Cheese' continues and
stocks are still excessive.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Adans Con 10 j Little Chief ..... 0«
Alice 27 j Ontario 6 00
Breeee 10;Ophlr 4 50
Bruns Con "...... OSjPboenlx 13
Cora Tunnel CSiPotosI .25
Con Cai & Va:. 1 70 Savage 69
Horn Silver .... 1 « Sierra Xot,..,... ,75
Iron Fllver 1 SWfimall Hopes 20
Lf^dvlMe Con:... C2iSUndard 'l 60
Us allied syrtera. the Southern Pacific. The
closing- wae dull and easy, with prices back
to al>out the low' level. Pennsylvania, ran off
ntariy a point at the last.
Bonds were dull. Total sales, par value, $3,-
ICj.OjO.
United States bonds were unchanged on call.
NEW YORK STOCK .LIST.
Stocks— Stiles. High. Low. Close,
Atchlson 37.»00 70 Vi C£»H CS»H
Atchison pfd 900 *1V4 ' 91S 81U
Baltimore &. Ohio. 30,400 S3% &aH f>4
Baltimore & O pfd 500 81 i* 81 H SI
Car.adla.i Paciflc . 2,400 USS H7"i 118
Central of N J .. .* I"i9
Ches & Ohio 1,300 S5 34H 34»i
Chicago & Alton... a>X> S7V4 37 37
Chicago & A pfd 83>o
Chicago & G W . . 100 17 17 163-i
Chi & G W B pfd ifiit,
Chicago & N W .. 400 16S 167*4 167
Chicago T & T .. 600 104 10% Wi
Chi T & T pfd.. 2,200 22 7 , 22>4 22Vi
C C C & St Louis. 300 7SH 78H 7T%
Colorado So 100 1SH 1SH IS
Colo So 1st pfd .'. 56i£
Cclo So 2d pfd 100 26% 26?i 26'
Delaware & Hud .' . .... May.
Del. Lack & West '. 275
Denver & Rio G 21&
Dea & R G pfd.. 200 72H 72 72
Erie ll.CCO 27&i 27% 27H
Erie let pfd 800 C6"fc 66»i 66H
Erie 2d pfd 700 47V 47*fc 47^i
Great Northern pfd 170
Hocking Valley 75*4
Hock Valley pfd.. 200 84% 84H M'
Illinois Central ... 2,600 133^ 132»» 133
Iowa Central 20H
Iowa Cen pfd 39
K&noas City So .... • 19*4
Kan City So pfd. 100 36l£ 36H 37
Louis\llle & 400 1C7H 107 lOdi
Manhattan L 1.400 144Vi 143»i 143»4i
Metropolitan Ry .. 900 121V* 121 121
Mlnneap & S Louis , - CO
Missouri Pacific .. 9,000 94 H 934 03 H
Mo, Kans & Tex. COO .17*; 17H 17 U
Mo. K & Tex pfd 1.800 30\ 3»H S9hi
Xattonl of Mex. pfd 400 3$% 3SH 3S
N Y Central .... 200 11!>^ 119V4 119>4
Norfolk & West .. 1.400 61H 6IV4 61
Norfolk & W pfd S9
Ontario & Western 3,200 23*» 23 23
Pennsjivania 46,200 121^ 120"* 120*^
Pittsbg. CC i St L i 64
Reading 12.4O0 46^ 45", 45"i
Rradir^ 1st pfd . 100 SO SO 7» T »
Reading 2d pfd CO
Rock Island Co 13.6CO 24^ 24 24
Rock Island Co pfd 1.500 65 63 64
St L 4 P ? lrt pfd ...... .:..- 65
I Pt L & P F 2d pfd 2.100 47Vs 47«4 47%
.^t Louis S W .... 4S0 15 14^ ' 15'
St Loui* S W pfd.. 300 34H 34i« 34
St Paul 11.900 144Tfc 144U 144^i
Pt Paul pfd ¦. 175
Southern PaciSc . 10,200 51 50H 601;
Southern Ry ...... 2.000 22^4 22*>i 22 %
Southern Ry pfd.. 800 84 1« 83 H S."JV»
Texas & Pacific .. 1.200 2C a 4 2Ci» 20Vi
T. St Louis & W.. HX) 27»^ 27^ - 27
Tol.St L & W pfd. 1.700 38?; 38»; . 3SV4
fmon Pacific 25.000 SI'* SOi, 80^,
Union Pacific pfd. 1.S0O 91 H &0V4 91 •
Webajih 200 20*« 20»4 20^4
Wabaih pfd 3.7(iO 39>, 38% 3»u
Wheel & Lake E.. 100 1 8*4 1SH 18
Wisconsin Central.. 000 20* 4 20> t 20V1
Wls Ocr.tral pfd... fcOO 46* 4 46^ 46 Vi
Exprer3 Companies —
Adams , 22<>
American 100 195 195 192
United States 100 110 110 10S
Wells-Fargo 205
Miscellaneous —
Amalgamated Cop.. 30,900 49% 4S% 4S%
Am Car & Fndry.. 1.000 2OH 19% I9t 4
Am C & F pfd 4CW 70% tS% «8
Am Liaeeed Oil 10%
Am Lin . Oil pfd ... 28
Am Locomotive 4.500 21% 20% 21%
Am Locomotv pfd.. 300 S0i« 79% 79%
Am Smelt & Ref.. 2,700 50% 50 ' 60
Am S & R pfu 92%
Am Am Sugar Ref. 11,300 12S 127 127%
Anaconda Min Co.. 60"> 73 72 70%
Brooklyn Rap Trn. 8.400 48% 4S 45
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 300 32%- 32 31 *i
Columb & H Coal.. 1,800 15% 15% 15%
Consolidated Gas... 2.100 194 193% 193%
General Electric... 400 173 172 172
Internatnl Paper... 400 13% 13 13'i
Internl Paper rfd 67
Intcrr.atnl Pump 33%
Internl Pumj) p'd 72
National Biscuit... 500 4'J 39% 40
National Lead 15*4
North American... 400 87 86% 87
Pacific Mail 1.700 2S% 27** 27
Peoples Gas 2.2O0 101% 100% 100%
Pressed Ste*l Car.. 300 30»; 30% 30%
Prsd Steel Car pfd. 200 71% 71% 71
Pullman Pa.1 Car.. 100 217% 217% 215
Republic Steel 1.500 7% '7% 7%
Republic Steel pfd.. 1,900 45' 44% 44%
Rubber Goods 400 21% 21 21
Rubber Good« pfd 75
Tenn Coal A: Iron.. COO SS% 1 S8% 3>>%
U S Leather 800 7% • 7% : 7%
V S Leather pfd... 5«0 78% 78'4 78%
V S Rubber 400 .13% 13*4 13%
iU S Rubber pfd... 1.100 M'4 . r «2% f.2%
U P Steel 2.000 11% II 11
i; S Steel pfd 45.500 &«% 65% 65%
Western Union 88
Northern Securities 04
Total aales 402,200 shares.
UNITED RAILROADS OF 8AN FRANCISCO.
NEW TORK. Jan. 29.— Bond transactions
of United Railroads of Pan Francisco were
S1C00 at $79 62%.
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY.
Common, bid 4, a^ked 4%; preferred, bid'
35%, asked 30. •
NEW TORK BONDS. .
U S ref 2s reg..lC5 1L & X unified 4s. 00
Do coupon 105 {Man con gold 4i>.lt>3%
Do 2s reg 106 IMex Cent 4* 69
Do coupon 107 { Do 1st inc 15%
Do new 4s reg.132% !M!nn & St L 4s.. 97
l»o coupon 13:JH M. IC A Tex 4s.. 07%
Do old 4s reg.. 107% Do 2ds 80*4
Do coupon 107% NR of Mex con 4s 76%
Do 5s reg 101% X Y C gen 8%s.. U8H
Do coupon 101% X J C gen 5s.... 131
Atch gen 4s 99%;Nor Pac 4s. 1OSH
Do adj 4s 89'4 Do 3s 73
Atlantic C L 4s. 93*4 Nor & W con 4s.. 97%
Bal & Ohio 4s..'.101*i OSL 4s fc partic. res ',
Do 3%« »4%jPa conv 3%s.... «8»i |
Central of Ga Ss.100 [Reading pen 4s... 96*4 I
Do 1st inc 704 1 S L & I M con 5c.H2*4
Ches & Ohio 4%«.lOHi fit L & S F fg 4s. 83%
1 Chi & Alton 3%s. 76% St Lou!« SW lets. 03%
r. B & Q new 4s. 93% Seabord A L 4a. C8%
CM * EtPgn 4s.lOS Fo Pac 4s S3
<: & NW ccn 7s.. 131% (So Railway 5s... 115
C R I i. Pac 4s. 72 Tex & Pac l>ts..H8%
Do cnl 6s 82 T. 6t L lc. W 4s. 72
C.C.C £ StLgn 4i S7U Union Pac 4s....l0S
<n-il Term 4s 7»5% Do conv 4s »7*4
Conn Tobacro 4s. 59=4 L" fi Steel 2d Bs. 73
Co'.o £i So 4s S9% Wabanh ltts ,...1H»
Dfn k. Rio G 4s.. 98%! Do deb B...... 06%
Eri- prior lien 4s. ft* |W & Is Erie 4s». 90
Do gen 4s...,. 8C%]Wis Cent 4s 89
F W & D C ltts.105% Colo Fuel & I... 73%
Hocfcinjr Val 4 Us. 105 I
KJBXf YOHK MIXING STOCKS.
GAME— Mallard" Ducks, $2^3 per dozen;
Canvasback. $334; Sprit $1 50©l 75; Teal.
>1: Widgeon. SI: small Ducks. 75cS$l:
Gray Geese. $3; White Gees*. . 75c®
Jl 1*5; Brant. $1 25 for small and $2 for large:
Honkers. 94 50 Tor large and $3 50 for small:
English Snipe. ?3; common Snipe. $1 5O; Wild
Dcves, $1; Rabbits. $2 for Cottontails and
SI 25 for Brush; Hare. |1 50.
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys. 17©20c per.lb;
live Turkeys. 15^17c per Ib; Ueese. per pair.
$23x2 25; Goslings, S2&2 25: Ducks. S3 SOU'S
per dozen for old and $4 50^5 for young; Hens.
$3 5C@0 50 for large and $4 5G@5 for small:
young Roosters, >5 ZOfii:,; old Roosters. %y&
5 60; $596; Broilers. $4 0065 for
large and $3 50O4 50 for" small: Pigeons.
?1 25@1 50 per dozen for old and $2 25§*J 50
lor Squabs. . ¦ .
Another car of "Western .Poultry was mar
keted, making the sixth for the current we«k,
including one carried over from last we«k.
There was quite a; quantity of both Western
and domestic 'stock "left over from the pre
ceding day and the , market was dun. with
nearly all retailers heavily supplied. Prices of
chickens had no quotable change, but several
dealere were making liberal concessions in order
to effect sates. Dressed Turkeys were lower
under liberal supplies and a slack demand.
Poor and grassy stock was offering freely below
the minimum quotation, but' found few buyers.
Receipts of Game were light, but prices were
no higher, as all dealers were anxio#s to
clean up.
Poultry and Game.
Cons for money.. 87*4 'XT Central 123^4
Do for acct..:. 87% Nor & Western.. G3?4
Anaconda 3% Do pfd 80
Atchlson 71«4 Ontario & West.. 24U
Do pfd 94U Pennsylvania .... C2'i
Bal & Oh'.o 8C<% Rand Mines IHi
Can Pacific ..:.121% Reading 23%
Ches & Ohio S5*i Do 1st pfd 41
Chi Great West.. 17% Do 2d pfd 31
Chi. Mil & St P. 140 So Railway 23 H
De Beers 10«4 Do pfd.., 86%
Den & Rio G 22V* So Pacific ...:... 51*4
Do pfd 74*4 Union Paciflo .... 82?4
Erie 2SV- Do pfd 03
Do 1st pfd es% V S Steel.. 1U1
Do 2d prd 40 Do pfd 157%
m Central :1S4% WabasR 21%
Louis A Nash... 110 Do pfd 40%
M. K & Tex 1S?8
Bar silver— Firm, 26&d per ounce.
Money— 2Uff3 per cent.
The rate of discount In the open market for
short bills Is 2%@3 per cent and for three
months' bills S cer cent.
Bank Clearings.
NEW TORK, Jan.' 20.— The following table,
compiled by Bradstreet's, shows the bank clear-
Ings at the principal cities for the week ended
January 28. with percentage of Increase and
decrease, as compared with the corresponding
week last year:
— Percent—
CITIES— Amount. Inc. Dec.
•New York $1,310,471,204 .8 .:..
•Chicago 150,082,558 .... • .3
•Boston ' 122.C27.816 4.4
•Philadelphia HS,37a.4fflK 1.1
•St. Lonls ' 63.859,479 1S.S ....
Plttsburg ' S3. 836. 251 " '....' 22.1
•San Francisco... '20.W3.S56 .... 1.9
•Baltimore 21.640,305 7.4
Cincinnati 20,873,300 6.2
•Kansas City 21,232.023 10.7
Cleveland , 12.-476.612 19.2
•Minneapolis 14.172,935 . 6.2 ....
•New Orleans 25.346. 004 SI. 2 ....
Detroit ' 8.482,242 12.1
•Louisville 9,760.126 5.S
Omaha 6.838.4S8 .... 4.7
•Milwaukee 7.C55.G86 1.5 .:..
•Providence 7.7O«3,9OO 14.7 -•
•BuCalo 5.157.3C1 S.3
•St. Paul 6.264.021 1.7
Indianapolis '5,650,241 8.2
•Los Angeles.....' 6.676.107 .... 16.8
•St. Joseph 4,232,396 7.5
I Denver 4.0C9.031 4.3
Richmond 5,724,731 67.3
Columbus ........ 3.flt8,90O .... 11.6
6eattle 3.354.152 1.6
Washington 3.652.GS1 2.2
•Savannah .4,212.244 6.5
Memphis 7,043,673 157.6 /
Albany 8.131,423 6.6
Salt Lake City... 2.824,421. 14.1
•Portland.' Or . 3.057,203 17.6
Toledo 2.407.416 30.0
Fort Worth 3.7S4.418 16.2
Peorla 2.520.705 6.8
Hartford 2,181,777 7.4
Rochester 2.3S3.137 5.5
Atlanta 3.499,055 15.7 ....
Des Molnes 2.1S0.553 11.7 ....
New Haven 1.494.503 .... ....
Nashville 2.6S0.043 22.1 ....
Spokane, Wash... 1.832.239 16.5
Grand Rapids 2.158.710 36.2 ....
Sioux City". 1.197.074 11.7
Springfield. Mass. 1.417.384 0-5
Norfolk 1.8TKM55O 1S.1
Dayton 1.C24.205 3.1
Tacoma 2.067.031 1.7. ....
Worcester 1.470.6S3 26.9
Augusta. Ga..... 2.081.712 8.4
Portland, Me..... 1.223.328- 3.5
Scranton 1.717.C09
Topeka , 855.3C4 35.4
Syracuse-. \- 1,050,067 .3.5 ....
Evansvllle 1.124,703 4.S
Wilmington. Del.. 1,001.413 6.0 .,..
Birmingham 1,:T76,5.".5 .....
Oavenrort ....... .079,421 , .... . J2.5
i Fall Rive - 081,?28 . . . . .¦*" 1 .6
Littl»Rock- l.:«9.001 10.4 ....
Knoxville 1.1SO.007 29.5 ;
Miccn 0f«.0«) 27.1
Wllkesbf.rre 866.703 5.1
Akron 49S.400 25..
Springfield, 111 4S0.400 17.2
Wheeling. W. Va. r.W.064 11. hi
Wichita JU... 1) 47.1*55 70.9
Youngctown — 57tl.WK> 14.1
Helena 4S8.172 13.0 .1..
Lexington C2O.43* 16.6 .,;.
Chattanooga ..... 7S3.1J5 C0.1
Lowell 343.4S0 .... 23.1
New r-edr^rd W5.C0W
Kalsrrazoo «C«.32O 20.1
Fanto. N. D 404,201 .... 34.0
Canton O aiO.000 92.6 ....
JackBonvllle. Fla. 821,564. 124.3'
Greensbvrg. Pa... R76.&54 .... 11.3
Rockford. Ill 446..°96 14.1
Springfield. Ohio.. a7.%.0Sl 7.4 ....
ninghamtcn 364,400 2.8 ....
Chester. Pa 420.327 12
Bloom lngton. 111.. .4H.5CK .... 21.-
Qulicy. Ill 372.1W .... 4.1
Sioux Falls. S. D. 1S4.172 1.6
MansnVld. O 180.965 14. 8
Jacksonville. Ml.. - 160.736 2.4
Fremont. Nebr... 15S.309 27.2 ....
Decatui. Ill 222.»48 O.» .,.'.
••HouKton " 17.S2«.104 15.3 ....
•HJatvestoa .. 10.7C6.000 . 2.2 ....
Guthrte 752.170
Charleston. S. C. 1,358,1 12 .... ....
Cedir Rapli'J 391.004 ; ...i
Total*. U. S....?2,n6.<12.28.1 1.2
Outside N. T... 805P14.070 1.7
CANADA.
Montreal $lG.0fl3.306 .... 17.9
Toronto 12.328.950 15.8
Wlnnlpfg 4.202.752 8.8
Halifax l.?21.661 15.3
Ottawa 1,502.353 7.2
Vancouver. B. C. 1,035.641 ; 3..1
Quebec 1,13.",,7S1 <>.»
Hamilton SCO. 302 15.9
Sr. John, N. B... 707,778 20.2
Victoria, B. C. ... .... 27.7
London 030,864 2.4
Totals. Car.i da . $41,258,204 .... 10.0
•Balances uald In cash. »*Not included In
totals because containing other Items than
clearl£g«. ' , ' '-"-'¦
London Closing Stocks. •
'il'-ili- street stocks about the same. Cotton lower.
- Local, stock trading still light and featureless.
' Zsih'cr advanced y 2 c. Exchange about as before.
m IV heat ar.d Barley futures slightly higher and firm.
« Oats. Com and Rye as prcz'iously quoted.
Hay, Bran and Middlings ilrm and selling well.
.. Ljfna Beans higher and Large Ulrite lower.
« butter ana Eggs firm, and Cheese still weak and dull.
•Pried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins still inactive .
b Provisions. weak fit Chicago, with increasing slocks.
„ II <?o/, Hops cnid Hides as before quoted. .
"Cattle, SHccp and Hogs unchanged.
* l.'-'irgc supplies of Potatoes expected from Oregon.
. Speculator's said to hold 250.000 sacks of Potatoes.
. Onions firm. Southern Vegetables in light supply.
v Poultry in heavy supply and dull. Game unchanged.
K Navel Oranges plentiful and quotations easy.
Mex Central 12& Osceola .......... 68^4
Miscellaneous — Parrot 20
Amer Sugar 127*4 Qulncy ..1... 05
Do pfd 125 Santa Fe Copper. 2
Amer Tel & Tel. .027 Tamarack 105
Dom Iron & S.. SVi Trinity 4*4
Gen Electric 171 United States.... 2OV4
Mass Electric ... 22'i Utah 32*fc
Do pfd 79 Victoria ......... 3Vi
United Fruit.... 9« Winona 6>S
U S Steel U Wolverine 72
Do pfd 55 H
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
CHICAGO, Jan. 29. — War rumors caused an
advance of *lc to:i%ciin the price' of .wheat
to-day. Part of the advance" was lost on proflt
taking. but the close was firm, with May %@
%c higher than yesterday's final figures. Corn
closed with a gain of %@\lc f or . May. • Oats
are up "ic. Provisions are unchanged. -.
"A sharp bulge- occurred 'in wheat at the
openlntr, due to reiKirts that the crisis In the
Far East was not far distant. These reports
were given emphasis by higher prices in for
eign grain markets. Opening quotations here
showed May %c to lvsc higher . at DO^c.to
91Uc, with July lc to lVfce higher at 62%c to
83c. Buying orders came largely, from shorts.
For a time there | was ; little wheat on the
market. The leader of the -. longs, - however,
took the selling side toward the . end of the
first half . hour, and was joined by smaller
holders, with the result .that prices declined
about from the high point, May steadying
around 90%c and July at 82Tic. The market
lost its energy .and ruled 'comparatively dull
the remainder of, the day. Long wheat con
tinued to come out on all small upturns,* but
the demand was equally good on every re
action. The market was hetoed by Argentine
strike news, small receipts 'and an improve
ment in cash demand in the Northwest. May
closed, at 9054690*4 c. after it had sold down
to 00%c. July finished at 83S83^c.'
The influences which governed - the wheat
market were factors In the corn nit " After
opening '/i©94c higher at 50Hc to 5O«ic May
sold between 50c and OO^ic, closing at '50 »-iW
60»sc. Local receipts were" 215 cars."
Oats were strong throughout the entire day.
May opened »4©%c higher at 42?fc@42i4c sold
between 42%«42%c and 43c, closing It 43o
Local recelcta were 74 cars. •
Packers were moderate sellers of provisions
and there waa further liquidation of i ar d by
bull houses. In spite of this selling and In the
face of lower prices at the yards, the market
yielded very little, closing practically at yes
terday s prices. Buying by commission-houses
and shorts on the' strength of grain was the
main supporting feature. May pork and lard
closed unchanged and ribs were a shade
The leading futures ranged as follows'
Wheats. 2-°^ H '* h/ fggj-S^
Ma V -••. 91*4' 81% -- 90H 80%
September ...,., 78»i 78# 78 78$
Corn No. 2 — , *° 7 *
•"^t^Noi-i- «»::?**** ¦¦*$
January 39^4 " 40 SOU 40
May.. :... 42^ '43 42^i 43
July 37% SS " 37H " S8
September ¦ 33 83^4 33 33U
Mess Pork, per bbl— .
Januarj' ... 13 25 13 25 13 nv, 13 1714
May 13 35 13 37% 13 32^ 13 32H
Lard, per 100 lbs— . "
January 1.. -.'... 7 25 7 23-' 7 20 " 7 22«4
May 7 40 7 47^ 7 40 7 42H
July..' 7 42*4 7 47^ 7 42# '7 45'
' Short Ribs, per 100 lbs — 3
January' ....... .'...;.. 6 42*4
May 6 72H 0 75 6 70 8 70
July « S2V4 6 85 6 82% 6 82%
Future Grain and Provisions.
FISH—
Barracouta — ©15;Rockcod — ©15
Carp-.'. 10ei2«4|Sea Bass .......— ©15
Cafflsh'.. — ©12HjSmelts —015
Codfish .... — ei2%|Soles 10@lft
Flounders 10<p— | Skates each 10015
Halibut ...;.... .15© — Squid @
Herring 8010 Tomcod 12}4®—
Mackerel — 0 — Turbot 20® —
Do horse 156 — Trout — ©
Rockflsh .......— ©12% Brook Trout — « —
Salmon, fresh 15<@20 WhlteHsh 100
Do smoked.... 1&025 Clams, gallon. ...60© —
Sardines 100— | Do hardshell, lb S@10
Shrimps ....: — §10 Crawfish, lb —€15
Shad 10#— | Crabs. - each 15025
Striped Bass 1.%©2OI Mussels, lb 12»i«S15
Perch 10« — [Oysters. Cal 100.40050
Pomplno — ©40 f Do Eastern. dz.30@40
VEPETABLES—
Artichokes. dz.60@$l 25 Onions per lb..l=;®2
Beets, dozen..... loa— Okra. dried lb...2O@—
Beans, white, lb. 0@ — Potatoes. Ib. . .1%®214
Colored, per lb. 5@— Parsnips per dz.l5<32u
Dried Lima. lb. .— @ 6 rtadishes, dz bch.l5@20
Cabbage, each... r.filO^age dz bunches25@ —
Celery,; head. z... 5@ 10 String Beans
Cress, dz bunch.150— per lb .'.... 2CTJ25
Cucumber3. each.lO>@23 Summer Squash
Garlic 10@12^ per lb 10@12^
Green Peppers, Ib8® 12 V4 Sprouts per lb.. 5@ 6
Dried Peppers... 10©20 Spinach per lb. G@ 8
Egg Plant. lb..20©25 Sweet Potatoes.
Green Peas. lb.. €010 per lb — @ 3
Lettuce, per doz.l5«M0 Thyme dz bnchs.25#3O
Leeks, dz bunch.l5(ft20 Turnips, per doz.— «S15
Mushrooms, lb...50@65 Tomatoes lb..lO@12^i
FRUITS AND NUTS—
Alllgtr Pears. ea.25@40 Dried Figs lb.. CglO
Almonds' .il5if20 Grape Fruit. dz.75c«$l
Apples .... ~. 4® 8 Limes, doz 1C015
Cranberries, qt..— «25 Lemons doz 15@30
Pecans — ®20 Orangeo. doz 20'ff50
Brazil Nuts 20® — Pears perlb... — 912U,
Bananas, doz. :..25{?<46 Pineapples ea.'...25@5l>
Chestnuts ... lS^O Tangerines' dor..l5JI20
Cocoanuts. each..— ©10 Walnuts, per lb..l5@20
POULTRY AND GAME.
Hens, each. 60®90'Wlld Doves. doz.$l 50
Young Roosters. Ensrli»»' Snipe. dz.$4 0O
each . , x . . .'. 65@90 Jack Snipe, doz. .$2 50
Old Roosters. ea.506U5 Gray Geese, each. 40*350
Fryers, each 65075 White Geese. ea.lo©25
Broilers, each 500455 Brant, each 20@:$5
Turkeys, per lb.. 20^25 Honkers each...40*i75
Ducks, each....75cS$l Jeal Ducks, ea..l. r >620
Geese, each. .— €$l 50 Mall'd Ducks ea.50@t>0
Goslings ..'...".... $2 00 Wldg'n Ducks, ea204i2. p >
Pigeons.. 1 pair. . . <— ©60 Sprig Ducks. ea.25@35
Squabs, per palrl-^-®eO C&nvasbacks. ea..60@«5
Rabbits, each... .20S25 Small Ducks. ea_15@2O
Hare, each —©20 -; •• ¦ • -
DAIRY- PRODUCE. ETC.—
Butter choice,sq60@65 Ranch Egss...30f32H
Do good.. .....45*i55 Common Eggs.25©27}y
Do packed, Ib25€ 27 *4 Honey, comb, per
Cheese Cal 15@20 pound — @20
Cheese. Eastern. .20<g25 Do extracted.. 8«1O
Cheese Swiss... 25@35
MEATS. PER POUND—
Bacon lS@25!Pork Sausage.. 12%£ 15
Hams .......... .lC#lS|Smoked • Be^f —€20
Lara ........ \. 12*18^-1 .
Tfce San Francisco Butchers' Protective Asso
ciation glve9 . the following retail prices for
meats.
Roast Beef....J-10®20 Hlndqrtr Larob..lS®20
Tenderloin Steak. 15«1S Foreqtr Mutton— 012%
Porterhse. do.l7H@22Vi Leg Mutton — ©15
Sirloin Steak.. 12^615 Mutton Chops.... 15(g20
Round Steak. ..10®12U|Mutton. Stew ) SQ1O
Beef Stew ......— ©lOiRoast Veal.:.... 12(920
Corn Beef .. SfilO Veal Cutlets..... 15&2O
Soup Bones 4if — Veal Stew. ..: .12Vj<fil5
Soup Meat -. . 5@10 Roast Pork. . . .12%©1S
Lamb Chops — £20 Pork Chops 15®18
Foreqtr Lamb. 12^015 • - • ' ,
The .wholesale markets are slenderly • sup
plied with fine Creamery Butter and prices are
higher, as 'will be seen. There Is no danger
of a Butter famine, however, as packed goods
are abundant and are selling at lower prices.
Eggs are In good supply and unchanged.
Cheese and Honey, stand exactly the same as
quoted last week.
Mutton is higher this week as a result
of the long-continued dry weather and conse-.
quent lack of pasturage In the southern part
of \ the State and still higher prices are ex
pected All other Meats ore unchanged.
Fish- and Poultry are plentiful, with prices
reasonable, and several kinds of Wild Game
are lower."
Vegetables are scarce owing to the lack of
moisture in the growing districts, and several
kinds are much higher. Fruits are unchanged..
COAL. PER. TON—
Wellington ..$— @10 OOiNew
Seattle . .%— ® 8 50 Wellington $— 810 CO
Roslyn '.. $-^ U OO Wellington -¦ -
Richmond .,.$—§» 50 Nut ..$— g8 0O
Greta ......!.$- @ 9 00 Coos Bay...?—® i CO
Famiiy Retail MarketC
VEGETABLES— Green Peas. 3®6c per lb;
String Beans, 13@17Hc per lb; Wax. ;
Tomatoes from Los Angeles, $1®1 25 per box
or crate; Khubarb, 8c per lb; Summer
Squash from Los Angeles. $l«fl 23 per box;
Cabbage. SI per ctl; Carrots. 50c per sack:
Hothouse Cucumber3. W>cg5l per doxen for
Email and $1 CC@2 for . large; Garlic 5
@Cc per lb: Ecc- Plant. 12»4@20c per
lb: Dried Peppers. 50Sc per lb for-Stock
ton and 10!ftl2%c for soutfiern: Dried Okra,
12'4c per lb; Green Peppers, 6@10c per 1b;
Mushrooms, 3og50c per lb; Marrowfat 'and
Hubbard Squash, $1U@15- per ton for round
lots and Vi<it%c per lb for sacked.
POTATOES! — Burbanks from the river. 80c©
$1 per ctl; Salinas Burbanks, $1 4001 60 per
ctl; Oregon Burbanks. $1 20©l 40 per ctl:
River Reds. «0@75c per ctl; Garnet Chiles, 90c
©$1 per ctl; Early Rose. O0cj?$l per ctl:
Sweet Potatoes, $2 Wii" 23 per. ctl.
ONIONS — Yellow. SI 40«l 60 per ctl; Green
Onions. 50975c per box.
tables from Los Angeles were light and choice
stock met with a steady ' Inquiry at well-sus
tained prices. Rhubarb was lower under In
creased receipts, and Hothouse Cucumbers sold
at a wider range. There was no Asparagus
received. • , .
Chicago Board of Trade.
No 1 'foundry,: Southern, and No. V 'foundry, 1
Southern soft. $13 75@ 14 25.
THE SAN , FRANCISCO -GALL, - SATURDAY, JANUARY" .30, . ; 1904.
15
STOCK MARKET.
Continued on Pa~e Fourteen.
Money— Westing Com $3
Call loans 3'4@4 ft Mining-
Time loan*... -4^65 Adventure ....... 2^
Bonds— AUouex .......... 4H
Alohition 4s P$% Araal Copper . 4S> S
Ilex Cent 4s C8 Iilnghani : 22
Rsliroads Calumet tc H?c<».4."
Atchison .- 69^4 Centennial ....... 15
Do pfd. 81 M Copper Range.... 44«
Boston & AIbany.247 Daly West ...... 34 1?
Boston & Malne.lCS Dem Coal 61
Boston Elev 140 ' Franklin ... 8
VY K H & H..1055* Isle Royale ...... S
Fitchburg pfd 13«Vi Mohawk 3fl#
Union Pacific....; S0% Old Dominion:... 10
Boston Stocks arid Bonds.
The following quotations are for good. sound;
Wholc»a!e rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows: -. **U?S»
• PEEF — 6%®7%c for Steers and ergptftjc per
lb for Cows. • -
VEAL — Large -SflSc: small. 0:310c per Ib.
MUTTON — Wethers. 8H©10c; Ewes, aga^c
per In. . ,;-"•.'
LAiIB-^10^eile per tb:
PORK— Drwued Hnrs, 7fl8He p*r lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
Prices for all descriptions ' rule" firm, with
supplies . rather under than over market re
qUlrCWCn^ DRESSED MEATS. , '
M eat Market.
Trade in ' Potatoes" was rather quiet, a* buy
ers were operating cautiously pending the ar
rival of the Oregon steamer, which is due to
day with 0300 sack*. Prices, however, were
unchanged, as tho . bulk of tho supplies were
purchased in the growing districts and at high
prices, which necessitate the asking of corre
spondingly high prices here. . Receipts have
been light for sometime, but there are plenty
• of Potatoes In the State. It is said that there
aro all of 250,000 sacks stored in warehouses in
the various growing districts, nearly all; of,
which - are ' owned , by .local ¦ speculators.'; Sweet
Potatoes were In good request and a car that
came In early was - readily ¦ marketed at the
maximum quotation. Another car came in later
in the day -and. was offered at the inside rate.
Onions were firm, with • supplies limited > arid
dealers < expecting ; a. higher range * of . prices.
Three boxes of new Potatoes came In from
Mission 'San -Jose and 7 were offered at 4c per
pound, but ; were not cold,-, having "arrived too
late' lor the regular trade. Receipts of vege-
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
APCTION SALES
fe HHB CONSIGNMENT fe
..Auction Sale..
—OF—
100 Head of Mares and
Geldings
"Weighing from 100O to 12OO. Consigned from
the Churchill Co/s. J. F., C. B. and D. ranches.
Yreka, Slsklyou County. ; ".f-
To Be Sold Monday, Feb. I, 1904,
At 11 A. M.. at i
Salesyards. 1732 Market st.. cor. Van Ness a»«.
FRED H. CHASE A CO..
i . Livestock Auctioneers.
AUCTION SALE
.Sa-fc fe^ -£>^
Of SO Head- of SOUND. HEAVT DRAFT AND
DRIVING HORSES ami 20' Head of
LARGE MARES, Suitable for 'i
Ranch ' Work, on .
MONDAY. Feb. 1. at 11 o'clock. .
At KLLIS-ST. STABLE. 615 ELLIS ST.
The above stock Is all In eood condition.
heavy boned and block?, built. - welxht from
11CO to 16CO, from & tot years old. thoroughly
broken. This Is an opportunity seldom -of-
fered to purchasers to get this class of horses
direct from the ranch, where they worked up
to the night of Jan. 28, and if you want such
horses at your own prlct-s don't fall to attend
this sale, as they must and will be sold to
the highest bidder.
.-•a. W ATKINS. Auctloo«er.
IW B. — We hold reeular sales on th» prem-
Ises every Monday at 11 o'clock. .
BATE YOU BEEN TO THE ATJCTXOS
SAL£3 BOOM?
WHEM?
AT 19 TXTHS ST.. IT£A8 KASSET.
Where you can buy everything, sell anything,
exchange anything, turn o!4 goods into cash;
or, if you have a store or business of any kind.
Mst It with us and we wlUflr.d a customer for
you. Our Methods — Prompt Service. ' Cour-
teous Treatment. Honest Dealings.' . Outsltis
Auctioneering of all kinds attended to. A.
H. ANDERSON. "The* Auctlon-eer." Pnjp. .ADAMS" Irish Moss Cough Balsam the safe.
sure and guaranteed cure. 25c, 60c. Drugxlata.*
Edward' J. GAsey^h&ad^of ,v the > pro
bate department of , 'the' County; Clerk's
office, was .yesterday; granted 7 a' thirty
days' leave -of' absence.;* •Hrs'typosiUori
will be filled by' Ernest S/ Hawley, son
of Circuit Judge- • Hawley < of v Nevada,
who ¦ for.jthe.' last two* years : has 'been
Casey's assistatnt v • . v -r
Cascy;Gets; Vacation.
Stationery Clerk Finn filed a state
ment yesterday, with the Board of Su
pervisors showing that during Decem
ber, 1903, the sum of $1977 00 was ex
pended . ' for stationery.^ printing and
books for use 'of the various city de
partments. The total expenditures for
the last half of 1903 were $14,383 29, In
cluding $1532 50 for stamps.
Cost or Stationery for City.
Golden' Gate\CkwncU'sT Anniversary.
Golden Gate Council ;Xo:,; 34 ; of the
Young Men's \ Institute ;>Hll,£eIebrate
its seventeenth . anniversaryaby! giving
an Invitational *, ball in rNativeVsons*
Hall Wednesday' ,ey enj ns,> February
1 0. Elaborate prebaratlons^areA being
made for the 1 : event'.-;'. The \ committee
in ; chafge.is" 'composed of.^Toh'n.Dene
hey, A. J. Sullivan, \ 5\ ;AV ; VDunlevy.
John Reesan,? p. '.-p. "G'ued'e.t;^T." J.Mo
roney. D. Cronin.' -E. '-Bl Harririgton;
C. Healey; D. P. { Case,* .'J^Reecan, TV.
J. Riley and Paul^ F., Frat««8a. '
W^illlam Butler Yeats will give his
closing lecture in California this even
ing at Alh.imbra Theater. His theme
will be, "Tho Theater and What It
Might B?." Mr. Yeats' best work has
been in literary drama, and it has been
a life study with him. He will discuss
his philosophy of drama, which is the
key to his writings. He will read and
"comment on various passages from his
greater poems and dramas. It was
Yeatc who founded the Irish National
Theater, which is a return to the the
ater of classic days. This he will also
discuss. Tickets -for the lecture may
be had at room 87, Flood building, or
at the box office, which opens at
7:30 p. m.
Poet Yeats to Lecture To-Night.
The California Drum and Bugle
Corps, composed of members of Cali
fornia Parlor No. 1, Native Sons of the
Golden West, will give its second an
nual mask ball in Saratoga Hall to
morrow evening. The following named
compose the committee in charge: F.
Hobro. T. E. Bailey, L- Hobrov F. Tuck
ler.W. James, J. J. Cussack, Al Hobro,
Th'eo Forbes, Miles Jackson and D. R.
Shaw. Lester Hobro, the floor man
ager has selected as his assistants
Theo Forbes and D. P.. Shaw; H. F.
Pernau Frank Tuckler and Al Hobro,
floor committee: J. J. Neubarth. George
Hammond. J. J. Cussack. E. Friedman.
L. McKee and W. Wolf, reception com
mittee.
Drum Corps' Masquerade.
The Visitacion Water Company filed
a list of consumers, from which it col
lected $506S 63 for water, the expendi
tures being $3715 31.
The revenue of the Martel Power
Company was $27,012 07; expenditures.
$17,560 «l: original cost, $50,000; indebt
edness, $20,000.
The Central Light and Power Com
pany yesterday filed a statement with
the Board of Supervisors showing that
its revenue during- 1903 was $93,817 69:
expenditures. 564,342 07. The original
cost of the plant was $233,600, and the
floating indebtedness is $3000, with 70,000
shares outstanding. ;.//
Give Figures' to Board of Supervisors
Regarding Their Revenues nnd
Expenditures for 1903.
L.IGIIT AND WATER FIRMS
FILE YEAKLY STATEMENTS
overcome with emotion when she paid
a tribute to the memory of the pioneer
Bishop and his wife.
Borne very itvell wedding Invitations come
from Knowles, 21 Second street. Main 593. *
Rachel Cantor, who in October of last
year was injured while a passenger on
one of the electric car lines operated by
th"e United Railroads, sued the com
pany yesterday for $15,000 damages.
Her injuries were caused by the blow
ing out of a fuse on the car on which
Rachel Cantor Seeks Damages.
Singers and Public Speakers will find Piso's
Cure an effectual cure for hoarseness.' 25c. •
LIMA. Peru. Jan. 29. — The Government has
convoked for February 19 an extra. session of
Congress to discuss and sanction various Unan
clal measures.
Murine Eye Remedy. A home cure for,
Eye troubles. Never fails to win friends.
Used for infant and adult Murine
doesn't smart. Druggists and opticians.*
. jThough Bishop. Kip: is .'dead; he still
speaketh to us.-..In'one;ot,his books he
wrote that his work was the spreading
of the Christian church amqnigr;the'peo
ple given up to -the "greed of gold. He
left to the next; generation • the great
work he carried on for so many years,
knowing that it wpuld^Tvage-- the war
fare and pass : its : task to still another
generation when It would- be called to
God.- •¦ . ... . „ .- .¦.. : .:-/ : \. : [
"Before God remember him
who for forty* /years ruled 'here) in a
gentle mariner'; ¦_' remember-- him who
was a kindly, ; gentle, and;. Christian
gentleman.- ' ' , - • , v. ' > .
. ' We have a great heritage . to main
tain, we" who have taken 'up the bur
den of the pioneer -fathers ; of. the
church of God.-.The 'Lord 'our/ God be
with, us • as he -was /Trtthvoiir r fathers.'
The separation from.our fathers Is but
partial. They 'are sirriplyjresting and
are | still • in * communion' with - us .'on
earth.".. . / ¦¦ ¦'."¦¦¦•¦ : \- : :'¦¦'. {¦;'¦¦'''.¦ :\. ¦:
Rev. Mr. u Chetwood .then 'exhorted
his ,.hearers . to » . live ;• up « ib\~,the i high
standard, of ..Christian ; life /arid dis
cussed the unity, of the churfih and the
absolute triumph' of faith; • r He closed
his address by "saying; that .salvation
awaited those, that -followed^ in- the
footsteps" of £he . Savior.^ " • ',' ¦'"¦ ¦., , :
-At the close 'of ithe.Berrnon the ; holy,
communion of
the congregation; partakfng. 1 of ' the
same. After^ the ; eervlces -.ended / the
clergy and thff -congregittfcri.-nrere^en
tertalned at . s a' :"-bbuntif uUV" luncheon
sen-ed by the>. Trinity Chnrpli, branch'
of the ¦Wome^s/Auxiljary*6f the Epis
copal church j ;, * ' , • ','. • . y t, / '. ' • ¦'-• V .. . •
- "When Bishop -Kip was consecrated
he was told that he "was going to; Cali
fornia 'to make history.'. . Compare the
conditions that* existed 1 "-when Bishop
Kip presided in* this diocese 'alone and
what exists j to-day, j . Where .-he ruled
alone the church has now three Bishops
and a large number of .servants of God. 1
Truly, 'if you would • behold -his monu
ment ; look around you*.* * ' .;¦• " ' - ; • i
day that race follows many of ;the an
cient, customs in. honor of; great; men
and great deeds.
"Our memorial service -. to-day is in
the nature of a Jubilee/ It "is fifty, years
ago to-day since Bishop. Kip landed on
these shores and held his first service
here. That service* marked an era. It
was as important as the service held in
Drakes Bay by. Captain Fletcher when
he read the scriptures to " his ' English
crew ' and the • Indians - of : this ' country
of the Pacific.' /'".;"
The armivci iary of the landing of
Bishop V»\ I. .Ivip in San Francisco was
«luiy celebrated yesterday at a fitting
• lose Of the fifty -fourth convention of
.the California diocese of the Episcopal
c hurch.
¦ .The special services to commemorate
the fiftieth anniversary of the arrival
• of -Bishop Kip were held in Trinity
Church. Bush and Gough street*, in the
presence of a very, large number of la-.
dies and gentlemen. Bishop Nichols cel
. >brated at the holy, communion and
was assisted by Revs. A. S. Clark. I. G.
G&ssman, H. Howitt, Mardon Wilson,
F. W. Clampett, Archdeacon Emery,
M. O'Meara, D. Minor, M.Sanford, E.
Kellcy and Hobart Chetwood.
Father Sebastian of the Holy Ortho
dox Greek Church was also presents in
the chancel of the church, and the dis
tinguished visitor was given a 'seat next
to Bishop Nichols. .
The music of the service was ren
dered by the fejnale choir, Wallace Sa
.bin presiding: at the organ.- ¦
- A short address of welcome to the la
dies of the Women's Auxiliary was
made by Rev. F. W. Clampett, rector
of Trinity Church, and the commemora
tion sermon was delivered by Rev. Ho
hirt Chetwood. -who was actively asso
¦ dated with Bishop Kip for more than
thirty years In his work on the Pacific
Coast.
AXMVERSARY SERMON'.
•Rev. Mr. Chetwood took his text from
the First Book of Kings, fifty-seventh
• verse of the eighth chapter, "Tfce Lord
our God be with us as he w&s with our
fathers." In nart Rev. Mr. Chetwood
'said: •
¦. ¦ "Anniversary celebrations are In
etlncUve to us In all phases of life. The
' birth .of the Infant and the golden wed
ding are ajike celebrated, and nations
"and races honor the memory of their
heroes. The glory of the children is the
memory of their fathers. Divine in
spiration Is to be found In many cele-.
braUons of events. Celebrations were
. a. custom among the Hebrews, and to-'
•; Special Services Held in Trinity Church in Presence
• of Notable Clergy and Laity.
Some weeks aso the Italian-Swiss
Colony filed suit against* F.- Cavagnaro
to restrain the defendant from tising
the label "Tipo Chianti" on wine flasks,
as the trade mark had been registered
by the Italian-Swiss Colony and wine
sold under the registered label for more
than ten yoars.^The aqtion was heard
by Judge Murasky, who, on the 25th
inst., ordered that the injunction issue.
The Italian-Swiss Colony waived dam
ages. , * . " s
Itiiliiin-Swiss Colony AVins.
First-class tickets between San Francisco
and Lo« . Angeles, either direction. Including
stop of two days' entertainment " at famous
Pn«o Robles Hot Springs Hotel, only ?2l; chil
dren, $13 60. Privilege of tnlrty days" stop
over. Best of fare and service at hotel. Cura
tive mud or hot water baths; fine drives: in
vigorating mountain air; warm sunshine. Just
the place to rest. Full information of Southern
Pacific ticket aeents. •
'Stop at Paso Robles.
The Supreme Court has decided in a
suit instituted by Teresa Bell against
Attorney Lucius Solomons to secure
possession of a parcel of land adjoin
ing the property on which the late
Thomas Bell's house stands that the
lawyer may remain in possession until
he Is paid a sum equal to moneys ad
vanced by him with interest, and that
he must then deed the . .c-perty to the
plaintiff and the other equal owner.
Mary E. (Mammy) Pleasant gave Sol
omons $11,000 with which to buy the
property in dispute. He -subsequently
advanced $6200 to Mrs. Bell and $1000
to Mammy Pleasant, keeping the lot
as security. The transaction took place
shortly after the death of Thomas Bell
and while Mammy. Pleasant was the
apparent manager of the deceased cap
italist's estate. ;T7.:.
The dispute arose later when Mrs.
Bell claimed that her . former servant
had acted as her agent and had . no
persc-nal rights in the property involved.
Solomons claimed that the debts of
both Mrs. Bell and Mammy Pleasant
must be paid before lie would have to
surrender his interest In the lot. •.
Supreme Court Decides Case Brought
Agninst Attorney Solomons to lie
cover Property in His Favor.
ANOTHER BELIi ESTATE
DISPUTE IS SETTLED
' • Henry. J. Fisher, who came* to Cali
fornia with. Bishop. Kip from; ..New
York, recounted the icmorable. jour
ney and the -.perils and hardships, the
party ; went through.'. , 4 '
Mrs. J. G. Clark also spoke -of r her
personal friendship -with -Bishop- Kip
and his .wife. She 'described the jour
ney of the Bishop from the East and
how the steamer. Go!Ien Gate had been
wrecked near San Diego andmore than
1000 'lives imperiled. Mrs. Clark '/was'
' Sirs. G.; H. Kellogg paid. a. glowing
tribute to the memory, of the - wife of
Bishop Kip, speaking . of : her : o wn ex
periences when, as a 'young- girl,, she
was • the f reauent guest of . Bishop ¦ Kip
and his wife. • . •
'•- Bishop- Nichols dwelt upon the house
of church women ; and ite • relation to
the auxiliary and was certain" that the
house -would strengthen . the auxiliary.
Great j thinzs_. cbtild >; be ". expected from
the members ef- the body,, and lie pre
dicted that 'the women's ' auxiliary will
never' > lack co-oDeration. , .''•,;.
.. Miss^E. M.;Dprsey, a deaconess of
the-.church, delivered an interesting ad
dress*, on' mission- work 'In the northern
part of California. , She eloquently told
of - the, hardships - to be endured and
gave her hearers a unique opportunity
of learning of the many sacrifices made
by the earnest women who labor for the
cause of the church.;
Bishop Nichols paid a high 1 and affec
tionate tribute to the memory of the
late BishoD Kip, and spoke of the pe
riod when he first arrived in California
as' rector of Trinity Church.
Bishop Nichols compared that day
and the succeeding days of ... Bishop
Kip's- life when he alone was Bishop
of California with the great meeting of
eighty Bishops in that Sunday-school
room of Trinity Churcn in 1901. From
that room, said Bishop Nichols, had
been appointed during that memorable
convention BlshoDs of Porto Rico of
Olympia. of the Philippines and Kan
sas. The work of the Bishops' house,
he said, achieved in that room of Trin
ity want out far into the* worjd' as of
the 'greatest and widest importance. •
Then Bis'hop Nichols paid a; tribute
to American- womanhood., and' in doing
so gave tender thought to Mrs. Maria
Kip and spoke of her, influence, in the
work of the church, and her labor of
love for * California. Great work;, said
the Bishop,- was often done in silence—
a silence in keeping with the .beautiful
growth" of the earth that caine.of silent
force. The ,' silence: of woman's work
in the church of: God is eloquent, said
the Bishop, and the silent work of the
wives^'cf the clergy is, carefully pur
sued, ' they ; - holding : \ up the -hands and
stimulating the hearts when often' there
was much 'to contend with. .Bishop
Nichols' said he ,khew^ what .'all that
meamv both as •priest and | Bishop.
A; '. SUIIE : .O5 '.WOSIAJTS: WORK.
BISHOP XICHOLS' TRIBUTE.
The time had come, said > Mrs., Law
ver, when women should not be afraid
to ask for large sums toward their
work:. She had noticed that they sel
dom had courage to go to the wealthy
woman to ask for a large giving.
There was also need in auxiliary for
good needlewomen. Mrs. Lawver com
plimented the Alameda women for the
earnestness of their work and for their
getting together in numbers never be
fore known.
Mrs. Lawyer, in a concise report,
spoke of the needs of women's work?
Mrs. Lawver considered that' women
should have a larger "understanding of
auxiliary work. She believed; in the
Bishop's auxiliary fun,d, that he might
make appropriations as lie thour'it
best. H ". ' J-
The delegates to the meeting were
briefly welcomed by Bishop Nichols
and Rev. F. W. Clampett, rector of
Trinity Church.
Mrs. James Newlands, president of
the auxiliary, took the chair .and was
supported by Mrs. A. M. Lawver,. the
secretary; Miss K. W. Storey, record
ing secretary, and Miss L. J. Gibbs,
treasurer.
The delegates from various portions
of the diocese of Bishop.' .Nichols at
tended the commemoration services
held in the morning in. 'honor of
Bsihop Kip and were later the guests
of the ladies of Trinity Church at a
luncheon.
iary of the Board of Missions of the
Episcopal church was held yesterday
afternoon in the Sunday-school- room
of Trinity Church. •
FIRST BISHOP OF. CALIFORNIA.
AND EPISCOPAL CLERGYMAN
WHO DELIVERED SERMON.
While the automobile people were de
liberating over what action they should
take Grayson was having trouble at
the Palace over the check He had cash
ed there, and was finally compelled to
seek lodgings elsewhere. When the au :
tomobile representative sought Grayson
at the Palace the young man had dis
appeared.
" Late last night it was learned that
Grayson had obtained temporary quar
ters at the Windsor Hotel, where it is
expected that the holders of his checks
v. :i locate him this morning .and de
mand a settlement.
Grayson arrived here three, days ago
from' Portland and at bnce began to
cut a wide swath about town. He had
considerable money at the start, and
flashed it about in a reckless manner.
He developed a sudden liking for auto
mobiling. and began .hiring machines
to carry him around the circuit of frolic
and fun. Finally he concluded that it
would be cheaper for him to purchase
an automobile outright than to pay the
price of hire. Accordingly he visited
th« Mobile Company and there se
lected a machine and handed to Man
ager Hartigan a check on Wells, Fargo
& Co.'s Bank for $2250, the price settled
upon between them for. the vehicle.
As Grayson is a novice at .automo
biling. the manager of the concern sug
gested that, before undertaking to run
the machine himself he should make a
few trial trips under the direction of a
chauffeur, a proposition the young
man readily accepted, and ten minutes
later Grayson and a man were park
ward bound on a trial trip.
Returning to the city, Grayson order
ed the chauffeur to take him to his ho
tel, and the machine was sent back to
the automobiling repository, arriving
there just as a clerk returned from the
bank with Grayson's check marked "no
funds." :-t" ,'";",->
John T.. Grayson, son of a wealthy
mining man of Portland, who has been
staying at the Palace Hotel for several
days, has got himself nto a lot of trou
ble during his short but exciting so
journ' in this city.
Yesterday afternoon when he re
turned to the hotel he found the door
of his room locked against him, and
a protest' made at the office /of the
hostelry brought the prompt response
that he would no longer be a welcome
guest— at least not until he had made
good the amount of a' check ; he had
drawn upon a local bank and cashed
at the hotel. It developed later that
other checks bearing the words "no
funds" were outstanding against Gray
son, and that the holders were seri
ously contemplating having the young
man arrested. '"•</*' ;
When he first secured a position with
the firm his salary. was $50 a month,
and in view of his excellent work he
received two ..advances,' making ' his
salary $100 a month at the time his
peculations were discovered. Accord
ing to one of the members of :the firm
it was the firm's intention to increase
his^ salary $50 on February 1.
Armand was taken before Captain
Martin and made a confession. He at
tributes his downfall to the racetracks.
Armand, who is but 25 years of age,
has b»on in' the employ of the firm for
several years and ¦ was looked upon as
one of the most trustworthy
men in the establishment. His em
ployers took such a liking tohim and
believed so implicitly in his honesty
that he was given the position of pay
ing clerk -in the various factories ope
rated-by the firm. One of his duties
was to pay off the factory help weekly
and as he kept the cash book he was
able to abstract amounts ranging from
530 to $100 without exciting suspicion.
His method "was V falsify the footings
and only the experting of [the books
brought to light the crime.
It was found that the' peculations of
the young man cover a period extend-,
ing, from November, 1902, to January
15 of . the present year. ..It was. his
habit to take $100 at a time,. but in one
instance He- took $200 and on two other
occasions' embezzled $50.
In an endeavor to beat the races
Arthur Amarid, a trusted clerk of Lev i
Strauss & Co., 14 Battery street, found
that his income was insufficient, and
as the result, of the embezzlement of
$1800 a term in the penitentiary*awaits
him. He was arrested yesterday by
Detective Gibson and his name en
tered on the detinue book' at the City
Prison. ~v
Acts as Paying Clerk' and
by Falsifying Footings in
Cash Book Secures the Coin
Wells,' Fargo & Co.' Repudiates
His Drafts, and Holders of
His Paper Are .After Him
PALACE LOCKS HIM OUT
STEALS FOR MANY MONTHS
Arthur Armand Finds His In
come Insufficient to Play the
Racesy and Embezzles $1800
Son of Portland Mining; Man
'Issues 'Worthless Checks and
Multiplies His Creditors
YOUNG GRAYSON
IS IN TROUBLE
TRUSTED CLERK
IN PRISON CELL
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, SATURDAY. JANUARYy30 ? 1904.
JUBILEE ANNIVERSARY OF ARRIVAL
HERE OF BISHOP KIP IS CELEBRATED
Ghurchwomen's Gqnfer
'ence Pays Hohorto
Noted Prelate. ;>
The' semi-annual meeting of the Cal
ifornia branch of the Woman's Auxil-
16
ADVEHTISEMENTSw -{,
0 If''** 1 ...
One Nfght Cure
With
¦ ... • t
MARKS BBOS. , '
/\ § &**} 8 3 aJR S^ J 7 5c Kayaer Silk Dou-
, M~% Bmmd Mmm^ . bf -<CT» fc? -¦ *¦&£':. ble-tipped GLOVES;
In Hosiery, Llorsets,; Ribbons, Knit Under- t ? a *S£^g^
wear and Leather Goods. for ••••• ••
There Is No Time to Lose. The Spring Garments Demand Space at Ones.
5 HOSIERY SPECIALS ~f:
At 1f)n Children's Narrow Ribbed A f 1 Ql/y n Women's Cotton Rib-
M I U U School Hose; 15c quality, nl IV./AI, bed , Top Hose . regu .
A* 1 % n Children's Bicycle Ribbed price, 20c.
ft* ¦J 'y** Hose; double heel, toe A j 1 0 Lisle Black Hose;
and knee; a good 25c value. nt IUL a sp / en( f l( f 25c quality. ¦¦
A f Of) A Women's Lace .Hose; shell
i y • u u pattern; our regular 35c value.
CORSETS at 25 Per Cent Discount
Ask for any Leading Style or Make.
50c Corsets, to-day. '.". • • .35c $1.25 Corsets, to-day. . : . .'. . .$1.00
75c Corsets, to-day ¦ - • 50c $1.50 Corsets, to-day. . .. .-. . . $1.25
$1.00 Corsets, to-day. > > . . . • . >75c $2.00 Corsets, to-day.. . . .... $1.50
Money Refunded on any Corset bought at our store which proves
unsatisfactory after 30 days' wear. ¦ .
RIBBONS'-Novelties Tied Free of Charge
At in* Luster-Taffeta Ribbon; cord m. j r Liberty Silk Ribbon; •'¦¦¦4% inches
HI I ISO e dg 0 ; 4'/ 2 in. wide; 15c quality: ni IU{ * wide; regular price, 20c.
At 1 1Z * Satin Taffeta Wash Ribbon; 5 Ax O Fancy Wash Ribbon; 4 inches
Ml I *J(* inches wide; worth 25c. ** 1 ot » wide; special to-day, 8c.
IMPORTED RIBBED KNIT UNDERWEAR
. 2 BIG SPECIALS.
Af m 7t\f% Imported Swiss Ribbed Vests; lisle and wool mixed; high neck;
/ O O ha if sleeves. They are really worth $1.00.
At &1 (10 ! m P Or * e d A'*^ fl an d Woof Mixed Vests; high neck and long
ft I M* I 'U " sleeves; all colors. They are our $1.50 quality.'
WRIST BAGS
MADE OF; RUSSIA LEA THER, SEAL AND WALRUS.
25c Wrist Bags selling to-day for 15c \50c Wrist Bags selling to-day for 25c
, 65c Wrist Bags selling to-day for 48c.
BARGAINS IN BELTS.
25c Sale; Price Placed Upon Our 50c Crushed, Plain and Shaped Patent Leather 'Belts.
v ;•' 15c Safe Price Placed Upon , Our 25c White Kid. Belts. " ¦¦¦;< -; '
':. Mail Orders Given Prompt Atient'on. Send in i m^ rrmmmmm^ m T^ mm r mm T mm \
your name and address and We will mail you Free 25c Fanc y Wasn Sllk stocks '
of Charge OUR. SPRING MAIL QRDER BOOK prettily trimmed in bqaid; on f -
No. 3 lor 1904. | sa/e to-day ..IUC \
MARKS BROS.
\' HONEST VALUES.
1220-1222-1224 Market Street, between Taylor and Jones.
A Saturday Chancs. to Buy ,
Flannelette Wrappers
To get new ones and good ones and to pay less than they arc itfojth
Special ones at 98c, $1.25, $1.75, $1-95- '
And why* It was the end of the season for the maker. He
did not have time to bother with what he had left over. He
wanted «to get to work right away on percales. He offered us his
flannelettes at a big enough inducement to make it worth our
while to take them. We didn't hesitate. We' don't think you
will when you see them.
These at 98c
"Are trimmed with braid, deep flounces; all yokes are fancy; some of
them have ruffles; sleeves arc large; skirts arc extra full; waists have in-
side vest'lining; desirable colorings and patterns.
$1.25 — Dark ground flannelette wrappers, flounced skirts,, standing and
rolling collars, full sleeves, round yokes In the back, fancy fronts,
trimmed with ruffles and braid, ruffles with embroidered edges; red and
white, blue and white, black and white.
$1.75 — Long flannelette kimona wrappers, with yokes bark and front, large
sleeve's, shawl collar, sleeves with a border 1 of plain goods to match.
$1.95 — Dark flannelettes, properly and carefully made, rolling collars. «xtra
large sleeves, round yokes edged with ruffles of plain goods to match col-
lar, yoke, belt and cuffs of polka dot goods to match.
Folded Chiffon Hats //ale's make a remarkable offering
First breath of spring, and how'- Men's Shifts
refreshing. 5<>c shirts at 37^5. ...
They came out this week from 75c shirts at 50c.
New York. Among them arc some $I.OO shirts at 75 C -
of the new shapes— Napoleons, Thev are the shirts men are
fl a at g iro"n ar 5 e hap«rwhict &£&%. wearing to-day and for which
fashion says are to be popular this they, will pay full prices unless
spring. $3.75. v v . they hear of what we are doing.
Then v/e have a' few chiffon and There is a "whv" for it. But
straw turbans at S3.95. 1 1 •,. * ' «_
And a small lot of silk beaver y ou wouldn't care as much
shapes in black and white as well as about that as you do the shirts,
a few light colors— an emergency now that they are here and at
lot we had hurried in from New .* c
York, $1.45. Less than we have these prices.
cv-er sold {hern for before. Then nHvg^lfc**^*™**
there is a table full of scratch felt neat stripes and figures, all
flare shapes, all colors, 35c, bound - sizes. 15»i to 17. Cuffs to match,
with «i*in Regular price 50c.
wuii sa-in. 50 c«at«— Golfs and stiff bosoms.
»-.--.. --, ... _~ ' light; medium and dark shades
Hot Water Bottles, 5UC In solid colors, stripes and flg-
,. •,,!_. ures: percales, madras and
l!£-quart size, all rubber. cheviots; separate cuffs; all
It. beats anvthing of the kind we sizes. Regular price 75e. •
know of "¦ 75 cents — Golfs and stiff* bosoms,
««»= -»-.- ' ' ; ' from ver> y flne P«rcales and ma-
2-quart ones 7jC. . dras n eaf colors; stripes and
_ " ;¦ _. . o - ,1 figures: light and dark ideas;
ChOlCe DateS, OC ID. separate cuffs to match; all
»r, ., r .. j- i t t, sizes. Regular. price 11.00.
That s one of the goodies at the "
candy counter. The other is f&^AfffJSv
pure molasses, coated with the best . • J=B C0O€i^S^^
peanuts.' , . - . - . ' *- ' ~*-*^ .
ADVERTISEMENTS. ; V
• ¦ ¦¦ ¦ < ; ;. .. .-:¦
- -¦• ¦ -'¦: ¦:-
Candies
Chocolates W
t Bonbons Jl
Given Away Free
With
Teas, Coffees, Spices
Baking Powder
If Pays to
Trade at
a «. - eat American Importing Tea Co's
1 Stores -
|J 861 Market 210 Grant ar. 1419 Polk
H 140 Sixth 1819 Davisadero 70S Larkin
¦ 475 Haifffat SC06 Sixteenth . 855 Hayes
H 3235 Mission 521 Montj'y ave. 52 Market
B 2003 Filfanore : . 2516 Mission 14S Ninth
j M 3^6 Third 2732 ajth ' «39 Fonrth
KMH_^^^^ B ga^^^^^g^^^jjg^jS^_^^jLj^^j^g'- f
SATURDAY—MOIIDAY— TUESDAY.
BUTTER, Best Dairy. .3 iquares ,<|.O()
3CGAE, Best Cane 20 lbs. S1.OD
COrPEE, Our 35c Blend. . .6 lbs. 91. OO
TEA. Spider Z.eg- 3 lbs. .SI .OO
COBJST, Best Zow». . . .. . . ..Doses $ 1 .OO
PEU5ES, Santa Clara. . . .25 lbs. jK 1 .QQ
YTE aXXTE TAIUAB1E COOTQgg:
EAXSS. Best- Eastern: I.b. 14c
CHEESE, California Mild X,b. 13c
MAPLE STBUF, Scuddet'«..Quart3 40c
CREAM. JEBSEY, Best 3 cans U,"»C
HEKBINO3, "Alle Milcliner' t ..8 for 2.%c
BLOATERS, Extra l.argr» 8 tor 25c
C.O-D. GROCERY CO. inc.
JOHN. ROBINSON. President.
313 OTarrell St., Near Mason
Telephone Folsom 316. .
STUDEBAKBft
RROS.fPMPANY
We are again in our build-
ing" at
Market and 10th Streets
with a clean, up - to - date
stock of vehicles.
I THE BOARD. OF
LONDON WINE MERCHANTS
HAS S ELECT EO
DRYMONOPOLE
AS THE BEST
CHAMPAGNE IN THE
-. WORLD. - ,£
Weekly Call, §1 per Year