THE WEATHXB."
Torecast made at Saa Tran
circo frr thirty licurs cadlajr
n-.iCEictt. February 10:
Saa Prancisco and vicinity —
Clcudy WeSaesday, with «how
crs; brisk soatbca«t wiad.
G. H. -WII.I.50I-T,
r.ocal rorecaater.
\OLUMI-: XCV— XO. 72.
JAPANESE DESTROY OR DISABLE NINE
RUSSIAN WARSHIPS AT PORT ARTHUR
AND CHEMULPO AND RULE THE SEA
JAPANESE torpedoes sank two Russian battleships and a cruiser in an 'attack-at Port Arthur on Monday.
On Tuesday the entire Japanese fleet engaged the Russian wars its fire disabling four vessels,
Tokio dispatches report the destruction of^ two Russian warships off the harbor of Ghemulpo, Korea.
Russia's land forces have begun the advance toward KoriBa to engage the army landed by Japan.
Russian Army Begins Forward Movement to
Engage Japanese on Korean Frontier.
K|>ccial Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, Feb. 9— A special
from Port Arthur to-night says
the Russian forward movement
has commenced. General Kras
taliiiFki will leave Liaottmg to
morrow for. the .Yaiu River at
the head of the Third Brigade of
Artillery, consisting of twenty
four guns. -Three regiments of
infantry and the Third, Fourth
and Fifth' brigades arc .-entrench-.
The San Francisco Call.
ed along the railway for a dis
tance of forty miles from Hai
chen, and three batteries of the
Fifth Brigade are at Kinchau.
Altogether thirty-six East;Si
berian regiments are in Manchu
ria. Four have been moved to
Vladivostok since Thursday. The
guards along the
Railway have been increased and
Continued on l'aj;c 4, Column 2.
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY. FEBRUARY 10, 1904.
RUSSIAN "WAR VESSELS WHICH HAVE ALREADY SUFFERED IN CONFLICT WITH THE SHIPS OF JAFAN.
THE CZAREVITCH WAS SUNK BY TORPEDO-BOATS OFF '.THE : ENTRANCE TO PORT ARTHUR HARBOR.
AND THE POLTAVA AND NOVIK WERE DAMAGED BY SHELLS IN A SUBSEQUENT' ENCOUNTER.
Gall-Herald's Special Staff Correspondent Gives Graphic
Account of the Battle of Port Arthur.
Special Cable to The Call and New York Herald. Copyright, 1901, by the New York Herald
■X — V rnl)lishin«?;Comi)aii>\
GHEFUi Tuesday,7:30
p. m. (eastern time ) Feb;
9.— I was lying on Mon
day night in the qiiaran
tined lido-China steam
•ship". Columbia /between
the entrance to Port Ar
.thur.and the Russian fleet
and close to the latter.
One of the Russian
warships w^s using search
lights. In a leisurely fash
ion .only;. three{Torpedb
boats were- patrblling the
outskirts of; tlie fleet. ; All
of the 'other tor piedo-boats
were r inside '■'[. the J -basin;
Everything' was v tranquil
and a Russian official told
us he expected the Japan
ese/fleet in three or tour
days. The lighthouse was
already; lighted and guid
ing lights were'Jxirning;
About 8:6'clock,;the Rus
sian sailors chanted their
Continued ' oh- Page" 5, .Column J.
THE TEEATESS.
Alcazar— "Ths Gay Parisians."
CaliTcrnia — '.'A- ITlyit aa SrcaS-
Tray."
Central — "In Siffht of St. Taul'm."
Chutes — Vaudeville.
Colombia — "Alexander the
■ Great." ,-■ .V
Fischer's — "Eoly-Pcl7."
Grand — "Whoop-Dee-Dco." Mat
inee To-day.
Orphenm — Vaudeville. Matinee
To-Day.
Tivoli — ""Wlsen Johnny Comes
Marcliintr Itome."
Viceroy Alexieff's
Report of Two
Reverses.
fT. PETERSBURG, Feb. 10
(i -a. <,m.) — The following official
bulletin has just been issued in the
form of a telegram from Viceroy
Alexieffs chief of staff, dated
February 9 : r>
"By order of the Viceroy I beg
to" report that this day, at
about 1 1: o'clock in the morning,
a Japanese squadron consisting of
about fifteen battleships and cruis
ers approached Port Arthur and
opened lire. vThe enemy was re
ceived with a cannonade from the
shore batteries and the guns of
our squadron, which also par
ticipated in the engagement.
"At midday the. Japanese
squadron ceased the fire and left;
proceeding south.
- "Our losses in the fleet were
two. officers wounded, nine men
killed; and forty-one men woitrrJ
ed. The battleship Poltava and
Continued on Page 4, Column 5.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
Russian Cruisers
Reported Sunk
at Chemulpo.
TOK1O, Feb. 9.= — It is
reported here that the
Japanese fleet engaged and
defeated two Russian war
ships, whose names have
not vet been learned, at
Chemulpo to-day. It is
said the engagement began
at 1 1 o'clock irf the morn
ing and continued until 3
o'clock in the afternoon.
The smaller -Russian ves r
sel is reported to have
been sunk and the larger
one was fired and hope
lessly destroyed. A part
of the crews are reported
to have escaped to the
shore and to have been
captured.
The Japanese ships are
reported to be slightly
damaged.
Official confirmation of
the battle 'is unobtainable.
It was reported yesterday
that the Russian cruiser
Korutz and the Variag
were lying at Chemulpo
and it is possible that they
were the vessels reported
to, have been engaged.
CLAIMS RUSSIANS
HAULED DOWN FLAGS
WITHOUT FIRING SHOT
LOXDOX, Feb. 10.— In a
dispatch from Tientsin dated Fel>
ruarv 9 a correspondent of the
Daily says it is reported
that the Russian cruiser Variag
and the gunboat Korutz hauled
down their flags without tiring a
Continued on Pasc 1, Column 4.2
CURED BY SWAMP=ROOT.
All these Famous Pugilists and Athletes Tell of their Cure by
Swamp=Root, the Great Kidney, Liver and Bladder Remedy,
and Say that it Added to Their Great Strength.
• • \
James J. Ccrbetf, the Former Cham- Champion of the World Jeffries De- George Brown, the Celebrated Base
picn. Tells How He Was Cured dares That Swamp-Root Is a Ball Player of ihe National League
by Swamp-Root. Wonderful Remedy. .Writes What He Thinks of Swanjp-
Brooklyn, X. Y., Nov. 19, 1903. ; HOTEL DELEVAN, 1 Root '
Dr. Kilmer & Co., Binghamton, X. \. , Ar , r ,. XT ■■ ■ y ■ TTrkTTTT T7TWPTPT?
* , ., New York Otv, Nov. 16, 1903. J HOlliL h-MFlKli, ■»
Gentlemen: — About two years ago -' ' -^ J . ._ , r 1 •-• • y\ r
this extremely robust body of mine Dr Kilmer & Co New York Oct " X 9> I 9°3- - 1
-howed M^ns that something was * ? t) Kilmer & Co
urong with it. My usual vigor gave Binghamton, N. Y. U I ,1^°'' K v*
place to a feeling ot lassitude. I b . Blllghamton, J\. Y.
£ii£$i!2 StiESSSSlXtSi Gentlemen.-Your great, rem-' Gentlemen, - After finishing
■ ';':ZZ ... v , waf ...j edy, Swamp-Root, was recom- the coaching of the Columbia Col-
.-,. f . mended to me by Lou Houseman, ■
' : '' : "'-''«>4£9^A *' " ". T " ' ' '""!!,)'":!Ut!tii!!!lltll!ltjli\
ML?d° I P had C1 maJaria, O1 but their^prc- ~^t: ! ' i! ™' !iMU¥ " 4 "' H "'' " " - Sm " " 4l "f ril1 '
: ;- : " : '- (!: ; ! me no x° od - A thir<i aH^SPt^^^L I lege Base Ball Team, last spring,
one whom 1 consulted told me my ?T*m8S*" -~^«05S«\.---: -^ t ■ i . V • r
kidneys were out of order and advised Wj/sM- ' : 4l||W|^^g^B , l was not in gOOcL'tondltlOn for
me to take Swamp-Root. fe..^:^:^^^ ::r~zy:^:^.tt...r~^.*....~. r i opening of the National
I got half a dozen bottles and could r * t . % • o
feel the benefit before I had finished strengthen my kidneys, and keep Lea S uc - l started using bwamp-
the first one. By the time I had ., • ,* , * , ., , Root, and it put me in fine con-
taken six bottles I felt I was cured, them in good order, and it does ' J satisfied
xj appetite had come back, the the business everv time. - c, „* . . . j f 1
headache had disappeared, and I felt T . . ' ... Swamp-Root IS a wonderful rem-
» rit as the day I met Sullivan at M certainly a wonderful rem- , and does everything that
New Orleans. As a pleasant and edv, and I wouldn't be without it. L11 rlaim for it
speedy remedy and a sure strength ' „ } ou Claim ior 11.
builder, it Rives me pleasure to Yours truly, -^ .-.■>■..■ Yours trulv
recommend Swamp-Root to all my j ' ':r ■ • r. : ' •'
friends. Verv trulv, : /} /? yj ~ , S] /~T*\
o^ . ■ • • >-. • - . - . _■ ....
Witr.tssf Ex-fheriff Masirreon. I Witn«» } Tom O'Rourke.
: — Why Swamp=Root Gives Strength "
Almost every one, from personal experience, disease, therefore, when through neglect or other j
knows that the effects of any kind of severe physi- causes, kidney trouble is permitted to continue
cal strain are felt, first of all, in the small of 'the fatal results are sure to follow.
back— in other words, in those Vital Organs, the Swamp-Root Strengthens the Kidneys, and
Kidneys. Ihis is as true in the case of the very through them helps all the other organs. When
powerful man as it is with one of less 'strength, this Wonderful Discovery can put the human body
and it is especially true whenever the kidneys are i, lt o condition to stand the hard training and the
" vvea^ c - tremendous strain of the prize ring, it is easy to
Wea 1 : and unhealthy kidneys are responsible understand how it has cured thousands in. the more
for more sickness and suffering; than any other ordinary and less strenuous walks of life.'
To Prove what Swamp*Root will Do for YOU, you may have a sample bottle sent Free by Mail.
EDITORIAL NOTICE. — So successful is Swamp-Root in promptly curing even the most distressing
cases of Kidney, liver or bladder troubles, that to prove its wonderful merits you may have a sample bottle
and a book of valuable information, both sent absolutely free by mail. The book contains many of the thou-
sands upon thousands of testimonial letters received from men and women cured. The value and success, of
Swamp-Root i* so well known that our readers arc advised to send for a sample bottle. In writing to Dr.
Kilmer & Co., Binghamton, N. Y., be sure to say that you read this generous offer in the San Francisco Daily
Call. The proprietors of this paper guarantee the genuineness of this offer. The Wonderful Remedy, Swamp-
Root, is pleasant to take and is for Sale at all Drug Stores everywhere, in Bottles of Two Sizes 'and Two Prices
— Fifty Cents and One Dollar. Don't make any mistake, but remember the name, Swamp-Root, Dr. Kilmer's
Swamp-Root, and the address, Binghamton, X. Y., on- every bottle.
B1ACHEN TAKES STAND
IX THE POSTAL TRIAL
I'ormcr *Mi»>erfntendent of Rural Free
Delivery Division Gives
Testimony.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 9. — The cen
tral figure in the postal trial, August
W. Machen. former superintendent of
the rural free delivery division, occu
pied the Ktand to-day. ;
He said he assumed responsibility
for the acts of Mi?s Leibhardt, his
chief clerk, who had initialed and
signed letters from his division. He
rehearsed the oil transaction which
had flgrured so conspicuously in the
trial and said that $25,000 received
from Lort'iiz in payment of the Ma
chen interest in the oil property was
a bona fide transaction.
The Groff fastener, he said, had
been called to the attention of the de
partment before he received his ap
pointment.
New System of rout hull Coaching.
BERKELEY, Feb. .9.— The Associ
ated Students adopted to-night the
much talked of new system 'of coach
ing the football team. There will be
a coaching board of five members, to
consist of one member from the fac
ulty, one member from the alumni,
the raptaln of the football team, the
coach arid the assistant coach of the
team. This means that coaching will
hereafter be done under the joint su
pervigjori of the faculty and alumni.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Is a strong poin£» with
Hood's Sarsaparilla. A
bottle lasts longer and does
more good than any other.
It is the only medicine o«
which can truly be said
100 DOSES ONE DOLLAR
OF INTEREST 'TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Changes Arc Made In the Postal Ser
vice and Some New Patents Arc
Granted.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 9.— The Post
office Department to-day announced
postoffices discontinued: California —
Pike, Sierra County, mall to Campton
villo. Fourth-class postmasters etrcn
missioned: California— Charles Hall,
Broderick.
These patents were issued to-day:
California— James H. Haskins, ma
chine for grinding metal surfaces; Den
nis F. Larkin, San Francisco, whet
stone case; John Leffler, La .Grange,
gate hinge; Joseph H. Moscow, San
Francisco,\ combined screen window
and ventilator attached to doors; Hugo
Neusser, San Rafael, automatic wheel
brake; Boaz D. Pike, San Francico, ex
plosive and making same; Joe E. Shar
rer. San Francisco, rotary engine;
Richard E. Small, 'Los Angeles, pump
piston; Gustaf T. Swanson, San Pedro,
electrically produced sound intensifier.
Naval orders— Paymaster J. S. Mitcji
ell to the Pensacola at the navaf train
ing station. San Francisco.
Army order — First Lieutenant George
H. Shields Jr. will conduct recruits
from Columbus Barracks," Ohio, to An
gel Island, Cal., and will then report
to the commanding general. Depart
ment of California, for instructions.
FOURTEEN KILLED IN - .-<
CANADIAN PACIFIC WRECK
Crew Disobeys Orders and Passenger
Trains Meet With Disastrous
Results.
OTTAWA. Ontario, Feb. 9. — Four
teen persons were killed and more
than a score injured in a collision be
tween two passenger trains on the Ca
nadian Pacific near Sand .Point to
day. The trains in collision were the
eastbound and westbound "Soo"-spe
cials.' Both trains were under orders
to stop at Sand Point and pass there.
An official statement given out by the
Canadian Pacific places the responsi
bility for the wreck upon the crew of
the westbound train. Conductor. Nidd
of that train this evening admitting
that his engineer had orders to stop
at Sand Point, but failed to obey
them. Ten of the killed were pas
sengers .'?.<"
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL". WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 10, 1904.
SENATOR II ANNA IMPROVES
AND IS RESTING QUIETLY
Takes Some Nourishment and Doc
tors Issue n Reassuring Bulletin
on His Condition.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 9.-Senator
Han. a was better to-day and to
night he Is resting quietly. There are
no complications and the vital organs
are said to be performing their func
tions satisfactorily. A.i increased
amount of nourishment was given to
the Senator to-day, in addition to pas
teurized milk,, which he has been tak
ing since his illness began, he took
some white of an egg to-day, nearly
all of which he retained on his stom
ach.
The following bulletin on Senator
H anna's condition was issued to-night:
"At 8 p. m. Senator Hanna was rest
ing quietly. His temperature was
102 3-10; pulse, 94, regular; respiration,
24. There are no complications and
his general condition remains good.
"RIXEY.
"CARTER."
OVERLAND LIMITED V >.
'*■• ' \ ■ WRECK ED IN WYOMING
DENVER, Feb. 9. — A News special
from Evanston, Wyo.,says that east
bound overland limited No. 2 on the
Union Pacific was wrecked near
Wyuta, six miles west of there, to
night. The three rear cars left the
track, one of them turning completely
over. So far as known no one was
fatally hurt. Surgeons have gone
from Evanston to the. scene of the
wreck.
Once Noted Boxer Dies.
Tommy Warren, at one time feath
erweight . champloir boxer, of the
world, died yesterday of pneumonia
at the City and County Hospital. . He
was taken there on the* 6th of Janu
ary. Warren was about 38 years of
age. His principal battle here was
at the California Club In 1890, when
he met . Jack ' Havilan. '• He was
knocked out by Terry \McGovern in
one round in 19Q0. A subscription
Is being taken up by Harry Corbett to
bury him decently.
To Care a Cold in One Day.
Take Laxative 'Brotno Quinine ' Tablets. * All
druggists refund the money if It falls to cure.
K. W. Grove's algnature Is on eacb box. 23c. *
MILLIONS IN SECURITIES ARE SAFE
DESPITE FURY OF BALTIMORE FLAMES
Financiers of the Stricken Monumental City Are
Relieved by the Discovery That All Was Not Lost
and Are Busy Preparing for Work of Reconstruction
BALTIMORE, Feb. 9. — The Gover
nor, the Mayor and various municipal
officials had a conference to-day, at
which it was decided that Baltimore
for" the present needs no outside help.
At this conference also was developed
the machinery for an advisory legis
lative committee to act in conjunction
with the Legislature.
The Stock Exchange chambers met
and decided to rebuild as soon as pos
sible. The same story can- be told of
practically every commercial house,
while on every hand is, evidence of
private effort toward rehabitation. Old
buildings, long used; private residence
near the business section, in fact every
available structure, bears the an
nouncement that within is the tempo
rary office of a firm. » Labor is in de
mand and the newspapers already
contain display advertisements for
men to begin the work of plearing the
ruins.
A great cloud was lifted this after
noon when it was discovered that
practically all of the vaults and strong
rooms and safes of the financial con
cerns, whose buildings were destroyed^
were unhurt. A tremendous loss in
securities had been anticipated, but
vault after vault yielded up its treasr
ures unharmed. From one trust com
pany's safe alone papers to the
amount of more than $200,000,005
were recovered.
SMALL BUILDINGS ESCAPE.
Another surprise was the discovery
that two financial concerns whose
homes were directly in the path of
the flames were practically unharmed.
These were the Mercantile Trust Com
pany and Brown Bros.' Bank. The
escape of these buildings is their lack
of height. They do not exceed four
stories and as they were surrounded
by lofty structures the flames swept
over them.
As yet no figures oh loss and Insur
ance that can be regarded as official
are obtainable. A careful report of
expert builders and business men
places the loss at $125,000,000 and the
insurance from $80,000,000 t/> $90,000,000.
It 'is probable these estrmates will
stand with slight changes when the
final figures are written.
To-day gave opportunity for a care
ful investigation of the start of the
flre. It is said the blaze started from a
gasoline engine explosion in the cellar
LEAVE CHOICE
TO WOODWORTH
Senators Refer Appointment of
E. J. Banning*'* Successor
to the United States Attorney
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON.' Feb. 9.—Th£*Wash
irigton delegation Is being swamped
with applications for appointment to
the office of Assistant United States
Attorney" made vacant by the death of
E. J. Banning. The Senators have de
cided to allow United States Attorney
Woodworth to name his own assistant
and 'have given notice to him and all
applicants to that effect.
Senator Perkins to-day visited Sec
retary Wilson in response to a tele
gram from Governor Pardee asking the
influence of the California delegation
for intervention in behalf of the owners
of cattle in Southern California, now
quarantined because of prevalence of
Texas fever. The cattle referred to are
upon the ranges of the forest reserves,
and it is found necessary to remove
them to new grazing grounds. The
message of Governor Pardee states that
the Federal authorities refused to per
mit the starving cattle of Southern
California to be moved out of the State
unless dipped in Beaumont oil. It de
clares that there is no Beaumont oil in
the State and further that dipping
would doubtless kill a large percentage
of the animals. Much of the stock, it
says, is free from Texas fever, and. the
belief Is expressed that removal should
be allowed after inspection.
In response to the expressed wish of
the Governor, Senator Perkins called
the delegation together and himself
went to Secretary Wilson. The Secre
tary went into the wh61e matter fully
and pointed out the great danger that
lay in moving the cattle. He finally de
clined to change his prohibition order.
Senator Perkins and Representative
Gillett called .upon the President to
day in company with Senator Voorheis
of California.
Senator Ankeny of Washington led
a party of Yakima Indian chiefs upon
a visit to the White House, the Sena
tor acting as Interpreter for the red
men in a sharp and cordial talk with
the President. The Indians are here
to take up the disputed boundary ques
tion with the Interior Department". .One
of the party is Chief Eneas, the, head
of the Yakimas, who was in the Indian
war of 1856-57 in Washington, and who
signed the treaty made between his
people and Governor Isaac Stevens.
■ United States District Attorney Mar
shall B. Woodworth was interviewed
at his residence Jast night. He refused
to make the statement as to whom he
would appoint to fill the vacancy left
by the death of E. J. Banning, his
late assistant.
Mr. Woodworth said that he would
consider the candidates, of which there
were many, and make the appointment
in about ten days. The most promin
ent candidates in his mind, he said,
were: S. Duryea of Placerville, Lug
ger Brown of Los -Angeles, T. Hutch
inson of Napa, and John McKenna.of
San Francisco. The appointment will
in all probability be made from one of
these four candidates.
GRAPE-NUTS.
The itiost intensely
interesting: 'r -^
Book
"The Road to
Wellville"
• . ■
Sample miniature copy in
v every pkg of
Grape-Nuts
and. Postum
of the Hurst building. H. S. Hurst
of the firm says there was no gasoline
in the building and that the fire did
not have its*origin in an explosion of
this liquid In the Hurst building. This
statement was subsequently corrobor
ated by a signed statement l$sued by
S. W. Copper and Sons, insurance
agents and brokers, who said that after
careful iaspectiona by. deputies of their
firm, and of the fire underwriters asso
ciation.' they were satisfied that there
was no gasoline in the building.
3IYSTERY OF THE FIRE.
Hurst said that he and Charles
George, a trusted employe, were the
last persons to leave the building at
5:30 p. m. Saturday and that all the
electric lights were turned off by a
switch. It is. not denied that the fire
originated in the Hurst building, but
how it started is yet to be learned.
Outside the flre, area this afternoon
and to-night the streets were filled
with tramping thousands. Multitudes
of people, residents as well as the out
of town folk who are flocking to the
city on every train, spent the early
hours of the night In the section Just
back of the flre lines gazing at the
wrecked buildings. Solid lines of spec
tators stretched almost the whole
length of the borders of the flre swept
district and back from them for many
blocks all along the line surged, such
crowds as Baltimore has seldom seen.
Along Charles street, back from the
postofflce building, traffic during the
day frequently became congested and
that thoroughfare, which has to han
dle the travel that ordinarily Is-dis
tributed among half adozen streets, now
Impassable, was as busy a street as
Broadway, in New York, at the height
of the business -hours. From the su
burbs' and the outlaying country dis
tricts came- an army of visitors. But
it was an orderly crowd and gave no
trouble to police or soldiers.
FREAK OF THE FLAMES.
One of the most . remarkable freaks
of the. flre was the escape of the big
Government buildings. The flames
wrought destruction on all sides of this
group of structures, except on the
north. Those buildings are the City
Hall, the United States courthouse,
used as a temporary headquarters of
the sub-treasury pending the erection
of the new building and by the cus
toms office, the postofflce buildings,
which also contained the United States
ONE DROWNED;
OTHER IN CELL
Dramatic Escape From Military
Prison on Alcatraz Island Re
sults Fatally for John Cole
A dramatic escape from the confines
of the United SattesTnilltary prison on
Alcatraz Island occurred last evening
and as a result Andrew J. Allen occu
pies a cell in the City Prison and John
C. Cole is beneath the waters of the
bay. The story of the desperate chances
taken to gain freedom is unequaled in
the history of escapes from the island.
Allen was turned over to the_ police
of this city by the captain of the ferry
boat Encina!, who picked him up off
Lombard street wharf in a state of ex
haustion. His narrative of the escape
from Alcatraz on a raft, the subsequent
death of his companion and his own
sufferings is replete with sensational
features. r ',\tl '
•When seen after being transferred to
the City Prison Allen was still shiver-
Ing from his battle with the waves and
was averse. to discussing the case. He
finally consented to make a statement.
His story is to ■ the effect that about
6:30 o'clock, after the first, verification
of the prisoners had been made by the
guards. In company with Cole and a
convict named Pratt, he made a break
for liberty. Owing to the fact that he
was employed in a clerical position it
was not necessary for him to answer
to his name. His two companions. like
wise were so situated that their ab
sence would not be noticed for some
RAFT IS LAUNCHED.
They cautiously made their way to
the water on the westerly side of .the
island. Four planks were secured and
firmly lashed together and the impro
vised raft was successfully launched.
The three then climbed aboard and
shoved off from the island, j Pratt, who
was serving a sentence for a slight In
fraction of military rules, at the last
moment decided to return, and accord
ingly jumped into the water and swam
back. -
The tide soon had the raft in its
clutches and carried it towai'd this city
and freedom. Cole and Allen lay pros
trate on the lumber, desperately clutch-
Ing the sides. Several ferryboats passed
them "and the swell caused washed
them off the raft, repeatedly. Miracu
lously they managed to regain the ratt
each time. They were rapidly becoming
benumbed by the cold and death stared
them in the face.
At this juncture the ferry-boat Encl
nal hove in sight and then was enacted
the tragic feature of the escape. The
swell caused by the approaching
steamer Ditched the raft hither and
thither and the lashings'-which held it
together finally broke under the strain.
Both of the men were cast Into the wa
ter, but Allen managed to grasp a
pUink, with which he buoyed himsitZf
up until ; rescued. Cole sank beneath
the waves. • 5,
ALLEN IS RESCUED.
Allen, realizing that all hope of es
cape was gone; shouted lustily and the
captain of the Encinal heard his cries.
A boat was lowered and the exhausted
man- taken on board. When questioned
he revealed his identity, and upon the
arrival of the steamer at her slip in
this city Allen was turned over to Pa
trolman F. F. Bean, who took him to
the Harbor station.
Allen was not at all exercised over
the death of his companion and spoke
lightly of the matter. He was some
what depressed by his lengthy .emer
sion in the water, but after being sup
plied with. dry garments recovered his
spirits. While in the Philippines he
was sentenced to two years' imprison
ment for -drunkenness and indecent
conducj. , , . / . . .
On April 15,' 1901, while confined In a
guardhouse in Manila, aided by several;
other desperate characters, he tied up
the sentry and escaped. He was cap
tured three days later and sentenced to
three years at Alcatraz, fifteen months
of which he has served. Cole, who was
undoubtedly drowned, was . serving ' a
sentence of twelve years. Allen will be
taken back to Alcatraz by the Govern
meftt authorities tc^-day.
Marshal's office and the office of the
Collector of Inland Revenue.
At the postofflce routine has begun.
Many men were employed in return
ing the valuable mails from the
stations, whence they had been re
moved Sunday, and In taking the pack
ages from the vaults. When the fire
threatened the postofflce every package
was removed from the building and put
in the vaults. Postmaster Warfleld di
rected the efforts of Federal employes
in saving the building. Every window
was kept wet inside, and while a num
ber were cracked by the heat, none
was broken sufficiently to cause a
draft.
For a time It was feared that a food
scarcity with an acompanying advance
in prices would occur, but It is felt this
apprehension has no grounds. Supplies
are short, but railroad facilities have
been unobstructed, and merchants be
lieve they will be able to meet
demand.
"REMOVAL OF DEBRIS.
The ruins of the fire have been cooled
sufficiently to permit the handling of
debris. Work of clearing some por
tions of the ")urned district began to
day. Hundreds of laborers engaged by
the Department of Street Cleaning
were put to work at the eastern end of
the ruins. The task is a hard one and
the work will necessarily be slow.
Many weeks will elapse before all the
streets within the fire territory will be
open to traffic. Bricks to the depth of
four feet, large marble and granite
blocks, great girders, bent or broken,
and networks of telegraph, telephone
and electric light wires cover the
streets. On both sides of the thorough
fares in many places are towering walls
that will have to come down before any
attempt can be made to clear the
streets at those points.
There are still scores of small fires
burning and many great heaps of
smouldering ruins that are sending up
clouds of smoke. No effort has been
made to extinguish these after they can
do further damage. The only places
where the fire departments are at
work are at the boundary lines of the
ruins where they are drenching with
water every pile of debris which emits
flames. Out of town fire companies,
which rendered such valuable service
in stopping the progress" of the fire,
have returned to their homes.
Mllltary^regulatlons to-night were of
the strictest sort.
CZAR COMMANDS WAR
AND GIVES SUPREME
MANIFEST TO PEOPLE
ST. PETERSBURG. Feb. 10— The
Official Messenger this morning con
tains the following "supreme mani
fest:"
"By the grace of God we, Nicholas
II, Emperor -and autocrat. of all the
Russian, etc., make known to all our
loyal subjects:
"In our solicitude for the mainte- I
nance of peace, which is dear, to our i
heart, we made, every exertion to con- j
solidate tranquillity in ..the Far East
In these peaceful .alms we signified
assent to the proposals. of the Japa
nese Government to revise agree
ments regarding Korean affairs exist
ing between the two Governments. !
However, the negotiations begun upon
this subject were not brought to u
conclusion and Japan, without await- '
ing the receipt of the last responsive
proposals of our Government, de- ■
clared the negotiations broken off and
diplomatic relations with Russia dis
solved.
"Without advising us of the fact that !
the breach of such relations wtiuld in it- ;
self mean an opening of warlike opera- .
tions, the Japanese Government gave
orders to its torpedo-- boats to suddenly
attack our squadron standing in the
outer harbor of the fortress of Port
Arthur.. Upon receiving reports from
the Viceroy In the Far East about this, ;
we immediately commanded him to an- j
swer the Japanese challenge with
armed force. j
"Making known this our decision we. |
with unshaken, faith in the Almighty :
and with a firm expectation of and reli- j
ance upon the unanimous willingness j
of all our loyal subjects to stand with I
.us in defense of the fatherland, ask ;
God's blessing upon our stalwart land
and naval forces.
"Given at St. Petersburg, January.
27, 1904, A. D. (new calendar, February
9, 1904), and in the tenth year of our (
reign. Written In full by the hand of
"HIS IMPERIAL MAJESTY.
>-; "NICHOLAS."
■ ♦ ■
WANT TO CREATE OFFICE
OF POLICE INSPECTOR
Commissioners to Ask Supervisors to
Authorize Position of Assist
ant to Chief.
The Police Commissioners at their
regular meeting held last night. In
troduced a resolution requesting the
Mayor to ask the Supervisors to cre
ate the office of Police Inspector. .The
new officer, if the office is created, will
have a rank between that of the Chief
and a police captain. . .'
The Police Commission believe that
the Chief in a city as large as San
Francisco should have an assistant.
The new office, if created, will be filled
by the captain that ranks highest in
a civil service examination, which will
be held. »
WARNER'S REMEDIES.
TEST YOUR KIDNEYS
Thousands of Men and Women Die
Every Year of Kidney Disease Be-
cause They Don't Know In Time
They Have Got It. -
The only way to keep watch of your
health is to test your kidneys at least
once a month. Just let a tumblerful of
morning urine stand 24 hours, and If It
becomes cloudy, or particles float about
in it. or if a reddish-brown sediment
forms, it is positive proof that your kid-
neys have been diseased for months and
are utterly unable to do their work and
unless properly treated at once. Britrhfs
disease, diabetes, uric acid and blood
poisoning:, with fatal results, will surely
follow.
The only safe and positive cure for all
diseases of the kidneys, bladder - liver
and blood is '
WARNER'S •'A^E <"U*E
the standard of doctors and hospitals for
over half a century. It is made of pure
herbs and contains no dangerous drugs
Has cured thousands of cases where all
else had failed.
Safe Cure is sold at all drug stores, or
direct. 50 cents and $1.00 a bottle
REFUSE SUBSTITUTES AND IMITATIONS.
They are worthless and very often ex-
ceedingly danjrerous. Ask for 'Warner's
Safe Cure; it will cure you.
If. after making this test, you have
any doubt as t<^ your physical condition,
or the health vt any of your family,
write fully and in confidence to our doc-
tors for freo advice and counsel. Medical
booklet free. Address Warner's Safe
Cure Co.. Rochester. N. Y.
WARNER'S SAFE PILLS move the
bowels gently and aid a speedy cure.
DE. SHOOF'S REMEDIES.
WHAT TEA DOES TO
RHEUMATICS.
■
"When you next take tea, think of this.
Tea contains 175 grains of Uric Acid
in every pound.
Meat contains only five to seven
grains.
Rheumatism is Uric Acid in the blood.
Uric Acid accumulates from food when
th* digestive apparatus cannot create
enough Alkaline elements (like soda) to
neutralize it.
This Acid collects urea, or worn-out
waste matter, from the system.
That Urea enters the blood when Alka-
line action has not previously dis-
solved It.
By* and by the waste matter reaches
the joints and muscles, through circula-
tion of the blood.
There it gradually deposits in solid
particles, like granulated sugar.
These solid particles grind between
the Joints and muscles at every move-
ment.
This grinding causes irritation and
pain.
These in turn may develop inflamma-
tion and swelling. That inflammation
bestirs Nature to help herself.
She proceeds to coat the hard Uric par-
ticles over with cushions of pulpy mu-
cous, like the first healing strata of an
outer sore.
This pulpy covering grows to the
bones. aj» well as to the particles deposit-
ed. There it hardens like plaster or
sealing wax. Then we have "bony
Joints."' almost inflexible, and usually
fixed In a bended position, from the pain
and inflammation.
That is Rheumatism at its worst.
It is bad enough before it gets that
far.
There in but -one sure way of curing
Rheumatism. The first step is to neutral-
ize the Uric Acid already in the system.
Next, to dissolve, and carry away, the
hard deposits that grind between th*»
joints. Then get the digestive apparatus
Into such healthy condition that it will,
unaided, produce less Uric Acid, and
more Alkalines.
This is what Doctors generally have
failed to do.
It is what I studied a lifetime to ac-
complish, and achieved only after many
failures and thousands of experiments.
At last I found, in Germany, a Solvent
which was not only effective, but abso-
lutely safe to use.
Few agents powerful enough to be ef-
fective in Rheumatism are safe.
My discovery, now called "Dr. Shoop s
Rheumatic Cure." acts directly, but in-
ternally, upon* Uric Acid in the joints
and muscles.
U dissolves, and carries off. the pain-
ful deposits, producing an immediate Al-
kaline condition of the blood, and neu-
tralizing the Acid In it which would
have fed the Rheumatism and extended
the disease.
It won't restore bony joints to flexibil-
ity, and It can't undo. In a week, the
damage caused by years of rheumatic
condition.
But it will benefit e%-ery case, and It
will entirely cure most cases of Rheuma-
tism.
So sure am I of this, that I will supply
Dr. Snoop's Rheumatic Cure, to any siclc
one who writes me for it, on a month's
trial, at my risk. . . .
If it succeeds, the cost to him Is only
$5.50 for the six bottle treatment.
If It fails. I bear the whole cost my-
self.
And — he alone shall he the Judge —
shall decide who shall pay.
Surely you will not continue to suffer
! when you can thus get well, at my risk.
I have written an important Treatise
on Rheumatism, telling of Its relief and
cure.
It is free to Rheumatic people.
Write me a post card for it to-day.
t~ Address Dr. Shoop. box 3630. Racine.
! wis.
/*. S.—Si?nple cases often yield to one
\ bottle of Dr. Shoop' s Rheumatic Cure.
i ( Druggists $1. ) • But all druggists do
I not supply it on a month's trial. You
i must x-rite to me for that. . C. /. S.
YOUR CREDIT IS GOOD
We will make you an EASTER
SUIT or- OVERCOAT to order,
at cash prices, in first class
style, for
SLOP A WEEK
OUR METHOD IS NEW
BELL TAILORING GO.
580 iMARKET STREET
BOOMS 1-2-3-4.
Open Evenings Until 7 O' Clock.
Open Saturday Until 3 p. a
Prescriptions 34,406 and 7.
• ' GUABAHTIED . CUBE FOB MUST.
EASMLES3 IllJKCTiOS. Cures ordinary
f cases In a few days. Warranted to cure
; Worst cases. NO OTHEB TREATMENT
REQUIRED. Prevents and Cures Stric-
tures. PREVENTS CONTAGXOH. Harm-
less. fl.GO per bottle, expressed. For mle only
T. :.S. KELLY'S PH^TtMACT, 102 Eddy.
I DR.P1ERCES
GOLDEN
MEDICAL. J ■
DISCOVERY
, i FOR THE
I BLOOP.l-IVEB.MJNGS.
d|Bl ifa Ammunition. Hunt.'n* an4
MS 5\ 1 V" s Porting Good*. L*.-j«*l
B B B»J 'toe*. Lowest prlc««. S*ad
■ II 31 VI on f° r catalogue
LI LI I V %tJ SHRBVE A BARBER CO..
** " ■ T3? Market «. «n<l 621
. , .:■ Kearny >u
\AJ. X. HESS.
Notary Public and Attorney-at-Law.
Tenth floor. Room 1U13, Claus Spreckels bide
Telephone Main 983.
Residence. 1x02" McAllister «t.
R«aldence Telephone Page 5tm.
Schools ana* College?,
L.EAU1NG BUSINESS COLLEGE OF TUB
WEST. 24 Post «.. San Francisco. ,CaL
Est»Mt«hed 40 years. Open entlr* year.
- Writ* fcr Illustrated cataloso* (Itm). :ADVERTISEMENTS.
A PLEASANT SURPRISE
la Store for Those Who Doubt.
When you read that a sufferer of
many years' standing has been com-
pletely restored to health by using
Smith's Cure-all, you are inclined to
doubt the statement and, in fact, have
r.o belief in It whatever. The reason
for this is that so much is claimed for
the Cure-all it is Impossible for any
one to believe it; if the advertiser con-
fined his claims to the curing of one
aisease. as do th* proprietors of Pyra-
mid Pile Cure, readers would' have
much more faith in published testi-
monials. Those familiar with this
great .remedy know that testimonials
as-to its merit may be relied upon im-
plicitly, also that the cures brought
about by its use are little short of
marvelous. The genuineness of the tes-
timonial here {riven is vouched for and
Is but one of thousands received:
"I wish to write you and tell you
■what your Py.amid Pile Cure has done
for me. I have been troubled with piles
for the past five years and used every
remedy* that was recommended to me.
"VThlle some would give me reiief for
a while they never have cured. I was
m bad this summer I could not pet up
cr down without pain: could not at-
t'end to my household duties. Finally
T pot a TiO-cent box of your Pyramid
File Cure at the druppist's and it is
now two months since 1 us?d the last
of the box and have had no trouble
since. I can say it is really and truly
a pr^od remedy.
*'I am so thankful I tried it as I know
It has cured me. and If at any time I
should have any such trouble again I
r-ould use it at once. Since I am cured
I have recommended it to my friend**.
■whom I know to be afflicted as I was.
flnd I know they will use it too. I am
F « thankful I ever learned of yoar
rure." Mrs. F. Hutt, 400 Second street,
<;rar.d Rapids. Mich.
Fyramid Pile Cure is s^ld by drup-
pitets for 50 cents'a package, or will be
mailed to any address upon receipt of
price by Pyramid Drug Co.. Marshall.
Mich. Write this firm for their book
<le«cribinp the cause and cure of piles.
Schilling's Best is money-
back : grocers return your
money if you don't like the
eoff*« fli»oria^ extracts soda
known as Schilling's Best.
DOCTOR LEAVES MONEY
1OK RELIGIOUS PURPOSES
l>ate Dr. John J. Baty of San Jose
Bequeaths Fund to Santa
Clara College.
PAN JOSE. Feb. 9. — The will of Dr.
John I. Baty. which was filed to-day,
bequeaths $12,000 to the president of
Santa Clara College In trust for re
ligious and benevolent objects; J3000
i« to be expended for the propagation
of the faith and the remainder is dis
tributed amonK orphanages and
schools in France; J20.000 is be
queathed to nephews and nieces in
Kmnce. and $45000 po*»s to <-hildren of
his deceased niece. Mrs. Eliza Hoff
man of San Francisco. Henri Hoff
man Sr. and Henri Hoffman Jr. of
San Francisco are named as executors
without bonds.
Nevada Woman Commit 1 ! Suicide
RENO. Nev.. Feb. ?.— Mrs. Fanny
Kelley. an old resident of this city,
committed suicide this morning by
hanging. She tied a piece of rope to
the rafters in a shed, put a slip knot
about her neck, threw herself forward
and strangled to death. She was 76
years of age.
Solano lawyer Seriously 111.
EC1SUS. Feb. 9. — George A. La
mont, one of the best known attorneys
of Northern California, lies seriously
ill at his hom«» here. He has been con
fined to hi* bed for several days from
heart trouble.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
&&*£z£h \\ Si 1 ff\ **ili»rQ rn nfnpr % aH rZr
" :^^^^^^^^\^S^ ! ? A°y man ' w hether young or old. working on a
WiiKj 1 )) :■• t salary, should exercise care in buying his clothes. He
should dress neatly, but at the same time avoid paying
t! I : ; To be well dressed is, after all, as much a matter
"^^w^^ : '■!■ I ?f Judgment as of money. It merely involves good
i: I ;•■ I i judgment in selecting a reliable value at a price con-
<^ff^^^M^^^ * I; U I £-- sistent with the quality. Our made-to-order clothing
[I *' fj is reliable and is sold at the very lowest prices that the
r-^J^^^^^^SgSK^~^^^£& quality of the goods and a safe business policy warrant.
""* 'W^ Our trousers have the proper hang; they break
4z^$H^0l0fy^^^ 3|? Jft 'neatly over the shoes, drop gracefully from the thigh
- ■"" ; |^^g^^^SSLw raw Jll^fl ?p and fit comfortably around the waist. The vest buttons
"*^ : " v; —^^^"l^^^l i! correctly and retains its shape. The coat sets well
1- - ■ around the shoulders and under the arms and drapes
;•! fe^^^^^^P I II II [11 1 1 properly in the back. In fact, "they are good clothes
|^S^^^ [i j| 1 1 | |i| If a suit is not satisfactory to the customer we will
. : ' [I I! I! tfij make an alteration — make new garments or give money
!■ l^t^l^iSiS ",§'!! I : ' 3 i'rr.' AH garments made by us will be repaired, sponged and"
• _._.[i il^pf? iliSS ' ji ij ' I i^'V^PF pressed free of charge.
"'"'- ¥Q$il r::vu::::::r: iyU " y '/ f£i e ma^ e suits and overcoats to order from $10 to $35.
'^''^^rr^^^^^^^^ti^il^l^S^^^ ffr, Why not come in to-day and look over our assortment
fill ?si§ m / - ° f p attems? . .-" •■ 2 .->•'
'•'.v-^i|^ -yr^'W^ii^ - ■—£&' Suits satisfactorily made to order for out-of-town customers- —
.-■-VA" '-vV;:V^;;^ '^-^^^^^^^^ write tor selt-measurmg blank and samples.
740 Market St. and Cor. Powell and Eddy
MURDEROUS
ASSAULT ON
CHICO GIRL
Miss Eva Moak, a Normal School
Graduate, Suffers From Gun-
shot Wound in Shoulder
and Arm in a Hay 3Iow
VICTDI OF THE ATTACK
TELLS STRANGE STORY
Officers Believe Woman Is
Withholding Facts and Young
Man Who Made Threats a
Short Time Ago Is Suspected
CHICO. Feb. 9. — Miss Eva Moak.
a young woman 22 years of age, a grad
uate of the Chico Normal School, was
seriously wounded to-day by being
twice shot by an unknown person at
h«*r home about five miles southeast of
Chico. One of the bullets grazed the
top of her head and another passed
through her left shoulder blade and the
upper part of the left arm. According
to Miss Moak, she had gone into a hay
mow of the barn to feed a horse and
while standing on the top of. a bale
of hay a gun seemed to go off at her
feet. A moment later another shot was
fired, the bullet wounding her in the
shoulder. 'She then Jumped from the
hay into a shed part of the barn, and
while running toward the door another
f-hot was firad. While trying to open
the door a fourth shot grazed the top
of her head. She ran into the housa
and fainted immediately upon entering
the room.
Officers from Chico spent all the aft
ernoon in investigation, with the re
sult that they feel that the injured
young woman has not told all she
knows of the affair. It is a fact that
about a year ago a young man, who
had become infatuated with her. made
threats of sufficient gravity <o warrant
the officers in suspecting him of doing
the shooting.
Miss Moak will probably recover,
though the wound in the shoulder may
be more serious than a hasty examina
tion would indicate.
GLOVER FOUND GUILTY
OF SIMPLE ASSAULT
Jury Decides Against Missouri's For-
mer Congressman and Sentence
Is Deferred.
CRIPPLE CREEK, Colo., Feb. 9. —
John M. Glover, a former Missouri
Congressman, who has been on' trial
In the District Court on a charge of
having assaulted Sergeant Dittemore
of tho Colorado National Guard with
intent lo kill on December 28 la\t,
when resisting arrest by the military,
was to-day found guilty of simple as
sault by the jury. Sentence was de
ferred.
Glover expressed dissatisfaction at
the verdict and will probably seek a
new trial or attempt to carry the case
to the higher court.
The criminal cases against Adju
tant General Sherman M. Bell. Brig
adier General John Chase and Major
Thomas E. McClelland of the National
Guard on their actions during military
control In this county went over until
to-morrow.
Cures Colds In Mexico.
L.AXATIVE BROMO QUININE. To *et the
eenuine. call for the full name. 25 cents. •"
Grant* Pass Officer May Live.
GRANTS PASS, Or., Feb. 9. — John
Patrick. Chief of Police of this city,
who was stabbed twice in the abdomen
yesterday by Ed Chiles, is still alive
and some hopes for his recovers- are
entertained. Chiles is playing the in
sanity act and it is very likely that his
defense will be made along this line.
He was bound over to-day to await
trial.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 10. 1904.
NATIVES BREAK
INTO REVOLT
Members of the Constabulary
in a Luzon Town Loot Com
missary and Then Escape
TWO PRIESTS FIRED ON
Fugitive Ringleaders Start an
Uprising Against the Amer
icans and Loyal Filipinos
MAXILA, Feb. 9. — Seventeen mem
bers of the constabulary stationed at
Vigan, one of the leading businesscen
ters of Luzon, have deserted, taking
with them fifty rifles, 5000 rounds of
ammunition and $700 obtained* by
looting the commissary department.
The number of fugitives has since beer!
augmented by a party of eighty escap
ing from the same quarter. Governor
Wright promptly requested military
assistance and Colonel Thomas imme
diately dispatched a squadron of cav
alry scouts in pursuit. Colonel Scott
leaves to-day with a body of constabu
lary.
Later advices indicate that the re
volt of the constabulary at Vigan has
developed into. a small uprising against
the Americans and* loyal Filipinos.
Two American priests, Father Me-
Closky and Father Girk, have been
fired on, but no casualties are reported.
The telegraph wires leading to the
disturbed district have been cut.
Ricarte, one of the former Filipino
leaders, is believed to be at the head
of this movement.
XEGUO POLITICIAN IX
ST. LOUIS IS KILLED
"Jim" Ray, a Sporting Character, Is
Sluin and Ufa Partner. Wounded
In Gambling Quarrel.
ST. LOUIS, Feb. 9.— "Jim" Ray, one
of the best known figures in the local
sporting world, a leading negro poli
tician, reputed to have been ths
wealthiest negro in St. Louis, was shot
and killed in a pistol battle, in which
thirty shots were fired as the result
of a gambling quarrel. His partner,
John Arthur, is dying from wounds re
ceived in the fight. Ed Grimes, 28
years old, proprietor of the saloon, is
under arrest.
SNOW BURIES RANCH
AM) KILLS ITS OWNER
Slide More Than Half a Mile in
Width Causes Devastation in
Wyoming.
JACKSONS HOLE, Wyo., Feb. 9. —
Tom Estes and M. V. Giltner have ar
rived from the north and report that
a snowslide occurred on this jsido of
the mountain pass a few days ago,
which buried the ranch of Gus Koener
and killed sheep and tattle in lsirge
numbers. It is believed Koener per
ished, but nothing can be done until
spring to recover the body, as the ranch
i3 under S00 feet of snow and rock.
The slide was over half a mile in
width.
Dentist Mysteriously Disappears.
RENO, New. Feb. 9. — Dr. Leonard
Ede. a prominent young dentist of this
city, formerly of San Francisco and a
graduate of the California Dental Col
lege, mysteriously disappeared last
Wednesday evening and nothing has
been heard of him since. Officers are
led to believe that foul play has been
committed.
Aged - Couple Burn to Death.
CHICAGO. Feb. 9. — Lying side by
side in bed. 68-year-old David Heinch
liff and his wife were found to-day,
burned to death. The fire was caused
by the explosion of a lamp.
Robbers Wreck and Loot a Bank.
RAVIA, I. T.. Feb. 9. — Robbers
blew open the safe of the Bank*" of
Commerce here and took $1700 in
money. The interior. of the building
was demolished.
STOPS LANDING
OF AMMUNITION
Gunboat Fires on Lighters
That Attempt to Convey Sup
plies From Steamer to Jiminez
SHORE GUXS RETURN FIRE
Attacking Ship Is Crippled
and Steams Away in the
Wake of the Merchantman
MONTE CHRISTI, Republic of Santo
Domingo, Saturday, Feb. 6.— The Clyd>e
Line : steamer New York, from New
York January 30, arrived here this
morning, followed by the Dominican
gunboat Presidents Lighters were sent
alongside the New York to bring ashore
some ammunition which formed part of
her cargo. When the lighters had near
ly reached the^steamer the gunboat
flred on them and the revolutionists on
shore replied with cannon" and Mausers.
The New York, being in danger, there
upon left Monte Christ! - for Puerto
Plata. The firing continued for half an
hour.- after which the gunboat sailed
for Puerto Plata. She was hit twice by
rounds and apparently by hundreds of
bullets, for she stopped and lowered
boats, evidently to plug up the holes
made in her hull. The failure to land
thr ammunition is a serious blow to
General Jiminez, for whom it was in
tended, and may cause him to lose the
ground he had already gained. An at
tack on Santiago de los Caballeros has
been fixed for Saturday. The. German
steamer Altenburg was here on Mon
day. The revolutionists did not per
mit her to discharge cargo at this port.
JUNIOR DEBATING CLASS
TO PliAY SACRED DRAMA
St. Ignatius College Students Win Ren-
der Bibical Production of "Sede
cla.s, Last King of Juda."
"Sedecias, the Last King of Juda," a
sacred drama, will be given by the
junior debating class of St. Ignatius
College this evening. Great prep
arations for the production have been
made and the play promises to be a
grand success.
• A full dress rehearsal was held last
night and the various members of the
cast did /splendidly. The following is
the cast: Sedecias, King of Juda,
David A. O'Keeffe: Josias, his eldest
son. William I. Lonergan; Eliakim
and Rablath. younger sons of-
Sedecias; Edw^n J. O'Hara and
Petej- O'Keeffe; Manasses, council
lor, of Sedecia?, William B. McCann;
Nebuchodonosor, King of Babylon,
Victor V. White; Elmero. his son, Ed
ward I. Whelan; Jeremias. the
prophet, Thomas I. McCor.mick:
Rapoasifl and A raxes (leaders of the
Chaldean army).. Leo J. Flanagan and
James R. Kelly; Chaldean officer, Ran
dall J. Crowley;- attendants, sages,
pages, soldiers.
The officers and members of the
class are: Joseph H. Riordan, S. J.,
president; Randall J. Crowley, vice
president; David A. O'Keeffe, record
ing secretary: Edward, I. Whelan. cor
responding secretary; Victor. V. White,
treasurer; Adrian I. McCormick, cen
sor! William I. Lonergan, librarian:
Joseph D. Bray, Cornelius J. McCoy.
James R. Kelly, Ralph E. Myers, Leo
J. Flanagan, Charles C. Randall, Rich
ard A. Flanagan, Edmund A. Rossi,
William E. McCann, Robert D. Rossi,
Thomas I. McCormick, Albert L. Whit
tle.
Charged With Forgery.
M. Braddish, alias M. Green, was ar
rested yesterday by Detective Egan
and booked at the City Prison on a
charge of forgery. It is alleged that
Braddi3h, while employed about a year
ago as a deck hand on a steamer be
longing to the California Transporta
tion Company, raised a time check for
two days to eleven days and drew the
money for the eleven days.
THIS SEE
CHANCE FOR
A TRIUMPH
Sultan and His Ministers
Secretly Rejoice Over a Possi
ble Opportunity for Rehabil
itation of Rule in Macedonia
ATTACK TO BE MADE
OX THE BULGARIANS
Struggle in the Orient Ex
pected to Divert Attention
of the Towers and Open
the Way for an invasion
Special Dispatch to The "Call.
•CONSTANTINOPLE, Feb. ' 9.—Grati
fication, profound but more or .; less
carefully concealed, prevails in the pal
ace and among members of the Gov
ernment at the alarming turn of af
fairs in Eastern Asia. The Turks think
they have everything to gain and .noth
ing to lose by the war. They hope that
the serious struggle possibly involving
the great powers would pave the way
for the Turkish campaign against Bul
garia and the rehabilitation of Turkish
rule in Macedonia..
The Sultan and his, advisers hate the
nations which have so humiliated the
pride and weakened the authority of
the Ottoman empire In Europe and are
looking for a chance to retrieve their
position and incidentally to chastise
Bulgaria.
SOFIA, Feb. 9.— In high official quar
ters it is believed. that. Turkey is has
tening preparations to attack Bulgaria
the moment the international situation
seems favorable. No doubt is enter
tained that the TurksKuill strike when
Russia is well involved in the Far East
war.
The opinion is known to prevail in
Constantinople that the Russo-Japan
ese conflict would so preoccupy Eu
rope that no considerable opposition
would arise to a reassertion of Turk
ish power in Macedonia- and even be
yond its borders in the direction of
Sofia and Belgrade. Meanwhile.insur
gents are resuming hostilities in Mace
donia and planning a general campaign
when the weather moderates. Their
leaders declare . that the Macedonian
misery already is indescribable and
they conceive no developments they
need fear.
HOTEL PORTER MAULS
BELLIGERENT COLLECTOR
Fighting Results From Attempt to
Force Occidental Guest to Pay a
Night's Bar Bill.
C. G. Spencer^ a young Hawaiian,
who recntly registered at the Occi
dental Hotel and has since been cut
ting a wide swath along the line, was
the cause of a Jjvely scene in the lobby
of the above mentioned hostelry yes
terday afternoon. During the night
previous, so the story goes, he visited
a saloon on Grant avenue and when
he was prepared to leave after several
hours of drinking the* proprietor re
minded him that he owed $86 50 for
liquor.
Being without the necessary cash
and having enjoyed credit in the place
before. Spencer was permitted to de
part without making a settlement.
Yesterday afternoon, however, the
saloon proprietor sent a tough looking
fellow, apparently a prizefighter, to
the Occidental Hotel to interview the
young Hawaiian regarding his bar bill.
The collector persisted in annoying
Spencer, who complained to the man
agement of the hotel and a porter was
delegated to subdue the belligerent
saloon representative.
The latter was ejected from the hotel
and when he reached the sidewalk he
challenged the porter to combat,
which immediately ensued, resulting,
however, in a quick victory for the
porter, who rapped his antagonist
several times on the head and face
and finally, put him hors de combat
just as a policeman arrived on the
scene and placed the collector under
arrest for disturbing the peace of
Spencer and the rest of the guests of
the Occidental.
While the row was in progress Spen
cer, who had concluded that it was
getting to warm for him around the
hotel, hurried up to his room, and,
gathering together his belongings,
moved to more secluded quarters in
another portion of the city.
EDUCATOR GIVEN WARM
WELCOME IN THE CITY
George B. Hodge in Lecture Pays a
High Compliment to San
Francisco.
George B. Hodge, special instructor
of the Young Men's Christian Associa
tions of America, received a hearty
welcome yesterday in the city and last
night gave a lecture at the San Fran
cisco Y. Jd. C. A.
Mr. Hodge showed steropticon views
of the work at the numerous associa
tion buildings of this country, and told
of the educational departments and
mentioned that 115 universities and col
leges accept from, the association cer
tificates* of international examinations
for entrance.
He said that the extra tuition fees
have increased from $2000 to $84,000 In
ten years and when he mentioned that
San Francisco stands second in amount
of tuition fees the 'announcement was
received with a burst of applause.
Mr.' Hodge will start East thi.v ifiovi
ing and will make a short stay a'c Sac
ramento. - ■ •
Race Track Men Want Release.
Arguments on an' application for a
writ of habeas corpus for the release of
David Cox, alias Meyer; George- W.
Williams, alias Watson, and Benjamin
held to answer on Monday by
Police Judge Fritz on. a charge of grand
larceny, were heard by Judge Cook yes
terday. The Judge said he was of the
opinion that the evidence was insuf.-.
liclent to hold the defendants, but he
would go through it carefully and give
his decision on Saturday. Meantime the
defendants could be released on $2000
bonds each. They are accused of ob
taining, from Paul Van Loon of the
Hotel Franklin $2S50 by telling him that
they had inside information regarding i
the races.
To Tell of Late Consul's Work.
Mrs. Colonel Higgins, the national
secretary for the Salvation Army res
cue work, and whose labors are par
ticularly connected *dth "slum* settle
ments" throughout the United
States, -will deliver a lecture to-night
in Lyric 'Hall, Eddy street, on the life
and work of the late consul. Mrs.
Booth-Tucker. The lecftire will be
illustrated with a number of stereop
ticon views and moving pictures.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FIFrY-EIGHTH ANNUAL REPORT
— OF THE-r —
Connecticut Mutual Life
Insurance Company.
To th* Members: m ,
From the point of view of life insur-
ance companies as investors the most
striking incidents of the year 1903 were
the great shrinkages In the nominal val-
ues or prices of the stocks of the railway
systems, with a corresponding though
much slighter shrinkage in the prices of
their mortgage securities.
In only one point was the Connecticut
Mutual affected by these events in com-
mon with all investors in securities of
the highest class. The present market
value of its corporate and municipal se-
curities shrank during the year about
$770,000 on a par of $25,586,570. costing
$25,906,461. with a present market value
of $26,339,694. Of this $99,460.25 is In
bank stocks: $729,616 in railroad stocks
($250,000 of which is held as collateral),
which have changed little: the $25,077.-
384 of bonds are of the best class for se-
curity, and having as a rule many years
to run. more favorable market conditions
are likely to restore more or less of for-
mer higher prices: bttf meantime the ap-
parent gross assets afid surplus are just
so much less than if prices had been
maintained throughout the year.
GENERAL RESULTS.
' The Company's experience • for the
vear 1903 in the several other features
incident to its business may be briefly
stated as follows: An Increase in its
premium income; an increase in Interest
Income: an Increase In net assets; the
usual persistence in its policies: an in-
crease in the business in forcei'the same
low rate of expense as in 1902; a mor-
tality loss very considerably -less than
that expected, with a saving thereby of
$482,510;. a decrease in the holding of
foreclosed real estate of $773,920.9.1. The
details of the year's operations will be
found in our financial statement.
That we have beon able to maintain
our traditional low rate of expense and
yet keep good the amount of business In
force is due to the faithful zeal of our
agents for the true ideal of a mutual life
insurance company; the best service for
their clients at least expense to them;
and this in face of the high commissions
and bonuses paid to agents aritl rebates
given to insurers by other' companies,
very difficult to withstand by the one or
to overcome in the other.
The death rate Inevitably varies some-
what from year to year, and that for
1903. while very favorable. w#s some-
what less so than in 1902. The care with
which our risks are selected and the
healthful character of the limited terri-
tory, in which we operate have given us
a very favorable experience throughout
our history and are the reasonable assur-
ance of Jts continuance.
INVESTMENTS.
The additions and improvements upon
th«» Home Office properties have been
substantially completed. We have a
building which for durability, conven-
ience* and attractiveness as a business
structure is nowhere surpassed and Is
proving a good investment at its cost.
Ever since the panic of 1893, and due
in some part also to the flood of stocks
and bonds of corporate enterprises of all
sorts of quality since offered to the pub-
lic on more or less attractive represen-
tations, the market for real estate has
remained in the quiet state into which it
then' fell. During the last year. how-,
ever, we sold properties that cost us
$8S8.339; 54 of these Sold at some profit;
15 sold at a loss: the net loss on these
sales was $186,039.49. due principally to
that incurred on three pieces which came
to us from some loans made many years
ago. upon properties the conditions of
which changed unfavorably afterward.
In this connection it will be of Interest
to state that during the year the Insur-
ance Commissioner .of Connecticut has
made the examination of this company
required of him by law every four years.
In the course of which he valued the
foreclosed real estate remaining after
deducting the sales of that on which the
loss was made as above noted at $349.-
742.39 less than its cost. As his valua-
tion is but an estimate and we have
sold several pieces since at considerably
more than his estimate, and as our
whole experjence in these matters has
shown that such valuations have been no
guide to the outcome, we have made no
change on our books further than to take
up as a possible future loss the item of
$349,742.39 as a liability under the head
of "Contingent real estate depreciation
account." thus giving practical present
effect to a loss which may or may not be
incurred.
We shall pursue the same course with
our present real estate which has given
us good results in the past; hold until
local conditions favor pales at fair
prices. •
The only bonds on which interest Is In
default are those of the City of Galves-
ton. payment having been suspended in
consequence of the flood of 1900. The
city's liability Is unquestioned.
REDUCTION OF DIVIDENDS.
One of the principal events for us Jn
the past year lias been the decision of
your Directors that in consequence o?
the conditions wuich have been progres-
sively developing for tlie past ten years
and more it was no longer expedient to
draw so heavily on past accumulations
of surplus In order to maintain the high
scal*»- of dividends which has obtained
since 1881. and that It was expedient to
reduce dividends to conform more nearly
at least to the present ability to earn
surplus. Since 189S we have used current
accumulations and have also drawn upon
the then surplus to a very large amount
in order to postpone as long as might be
any reduction in dividends. The princi-
pal cause of our inability to earn as
much surplus as during the years from
18S1 to 1S98 has been the slow but
steady decrease in the rate of interest
realized on Investments, which would
have caused a much earlier reduction of
dividends, as was the case with other
companies, but for the economies prac-
ticed in the management.
The circumstances of this reduction,
which has been foreshadowed in our re-
ports for several years, are set forth in
full detail in a communication addressed
to our policy-holders which is being
placed in their hands for their full Infor-
mation. It is. therefore, not repeated here
except to say:
"While we have always striven, and
always shall 3trive, by every legitimate
means, to make the current cost as small
as possible, w« must never lose sight of
the fact that insurance which is not se-
cure is r.ot worth payinp for: .and that,
while wj? strive to make It cost as little
as may b?. we must be certain to make it
chst- enough to keep It indubitably se-
cure against all foreseen contingencies
incident to a business and to the invest-
ment of funds during Ions periods of
time."
. * ; *-f; •■•''.-■ • ■• ;■■'.* i •
"It is proper, under the circumstances,
to repeat: the Company's business con-
tinues to be conducted upon the same le-
gitimate lines and by the same stand-
ards which have made its long history
as a mutual- life insurance company a
record unequaled in beneficial results to
its memhors and beneficiaries. The same *
conservatism, prudence and unequaled
economy are maintained: and Jts condi-
tion warrants the assertion that It will
be able to iftilize to the full all future
conditions favorable to the earning of
surplus: while In the "distribution of it
your Directors will have always In view
the two-fold purpose: to make the an-
nual payments of policy-holders as small
as possible, and. in any event, to care-
fully and certainly maintain that
strength which has always been one of
Its distinctive features."* .
EFFECT OF INTEREST. /
Tn this connection it may b» well to
call attention to the fact that any
change in the average rate of interest
takes effect much more slowly In a life
insurance company than in a bank. Tbe
latter, having to be prepared for the
contlns*ncy of sudden and -great .de-
mands from Its depositors, keeps its as-
sets in short-time paper, which being
frequantly changed at current rates
speedily reflects their changes. The life
insurance company^If managed on
sound lines — is subject to no such con-
tingency, and Is able to secure the best
results by long-time Investments;, so
that its assets as a body change but
slowly and can reflect only the general
tendency of rates over long periods. The
effect of the downward tendency, which
we foresaw In 1SS2. has corns but slowly
to its present development; and it flnd-i
us prepared with a reserve some $3,000.-
000 greater than it would have been had
we continued to take new business on the
old basis, as others did.
The present surplus by our own high-
er standard of solvency is $1,629,312.55.
after allowlnp the contingent deprecia-
tion Item of $349,742 already mentioned.
By the usual 4 per cent standard of
solvenev It Is about $3,000,000 greater, or
say $7,500,000.
CONDENSED HISTORY.
It Is a satisfaction again to call your
attention/to yearly growing exhibit of
the unique total results of the Compa-
ny's operations for fifty-eight years:
y -.2- g.H ESsSa
■ cr ■* x» a » s s-»3^2
• I .3 j : S'i? . !§-: -: : :
Tin m\m in;
: -2 I : ■' = ■■? : ||^| \\- ■
i |1 i :;|3 ;•;?;; :::;
: U : : : I* ?:-:i! ::: :
: 1- : : : If : : : : : : : : :
: : s : : : 3 2, : : : : : : : : : M
i [« ; ;;i! ;;;;; ;;;; 2
• < '» ..... . . . . o
• • • • • ...» .... :» —
: : : : : : : 2. : : : ; .->*? o
: ;; i \il} ■■■: Mp »
: : : :•;::! : ::: ! SS^S
: • : : : I IS I «
: : : :*' = = S .8S£?
i : : : S5= S3SS
. . . ---;*> rr-y
it ■ ♦» -
. 2 rP I ■ £.
S 2E 2 £
4 0)51 *i e»
Of the J227.347.SSS.S3 which the Con-
necticut Mutual has received from its
policy-holders, it has returned to them or
paid to their beneficiaries $227.1 18.S94.1*.
or 99.90 per cent. What it has so paid
back and what it still holds as security
for poliey contracts aggregates $292,052.-
441. 3D. or 128.4»> per cent of its receipts
from policy-holders. This has been don«
at an expense ratio of only 9.25 per cent
of the total receipts.
NATURE OF PRESENT COMPETI-
TION.
The competition for public favor in
life insurance continues to travel largely
on three distinct abnormal lines: First,
a postponement of ail dividends for ten
to twenty years, whereby the effect of
extravagant expense in concealed till the
end of the period, and whereby the sav-
ings on th«» premiums and reserves of
those who drop out in the meantime (ex-
pected to be about two-thirds of the
whole in twenty years) are to be di-
vided among thos^ only 1. ho remain
through; a speculatwi for the few lucky
at the expense of the many unlucky
"mutual" policy-holders:
Second, by the so-called incontestable
policy, which puts upon the honest pol-
icy-holder the payment of the loss on
the dishonest one. to whom alone such
a feature would presumably be at-
tractive:
Third, by giving every policy-holder
by way of an "annual cash value" tho
right .to withdraw his contribution t>»
the reserves in any year, which thus
gives all the policy-holders the right ta
demand all the reserves in any year to
the complete destruction of the Com-
pany: and this demand is a first Hen on
all the assets and a first obligation 011
the part of the Company, to which th«s
insurance feature is a mere temporary
and easily defeasible incident. The pre-
miums paid in ostensibly for life insur-
ance 'nave a "string" to them, to be used
at will, which converts the Company in-
to an actual Savings Bank, without the>
interest on deposits which makes it to
the personal advantage of the depositor
not to withdraw his deposits under ordi-
nary circumstances: and with the fur-
ther and great difference, that whatever
one deposits in the bank suffers no sub-
traction from its fac«?. and receives in
addition all the interest earned less a
relatively slight expense account. whil>-
the premiums paid to the life Insurance
company must annually contribute t->
losses and to relatively heavy expenses;
so that the reserve which can he with-
drawn is as a rule much smaller than
the sum of the premiums he has paid In.
and his privilege costs him out of all
decent proportion.
And r.ot the least mtschlef of this
practice is the fact that in reality anil
in the resulting attitude of mind of the
insured it subordinates the duty of pro-
tection tpr . which alone life insurance
exists ana without which It would never
be used and could never have b#en con-
ceived to the changing personal Inter-
ests of him on whom that duty con-
stantly rests. Under a multitude of con-
ditions, he is frequently- tempted to usb
for himself the fund which alone se-
cures that protection to others which is
still his duty, and his most serious duty,
because of their necessity and their con-
stant danger. He no longer repards his
payments as a fund permanently with-
drawn from the exigencies of his busi-
ness and sacredly devoted to the per-
formance of his unse:fish office toward
his own. Ills contract at once and al-
ways prefers his claim to theirs.
And it will not be many years before
the great mass of the life insurance
business of the country will stand on
this basis, its continuance and not only
the welfare but the existence of the
companies contingent on the non-exer-
cise of the right of withdrawal of any
and all funds at will.
In the midst of this sort of competi-
tion, which brings an enormous business,
but with enormous waste, at an ex-
pense which is as reckless as It is un-
necessary, and which contradicts every
principle and method by which proper
and adequate results as to the security
of contracts, the cost of Insurance,
equity between members, and the In-
tegrity of the Company Itself can be as-
sured, the Connecticut Mutual holds
steadfast to the truth which, be it never
so widely or lightly disregarded, can
never be denied, that the paramount pur-
pose of life Insurance, the one and only
peculiar service It Is contructed and
fitted to render, which it alone can ren-
der, and tlife only one worth its neces-
sary cost even at a minimum, and the
one spring of Its high motive. Is "to d<»-
f«nd and provide. for" fnose whose wel-
fare depends on the continuance of one's
life and who must suffer in all their fu-
ture by its loss; that Mutual Life Insur-
ance Is the equal co-operation In good
faith of those on whom rests the sacred
privilege and duty to protect, to the enrl.
that the needed protection may be most
certainly and effectively given, and that
by such equal co-operation the cost to
each may be made as small as possible:
that the Company which undertakes to
become the instrument of such co-opera-
tion 13 therefore bound to shape its
every plan and practice to conform te»
those conditions which enable It to ful-
fill those ends In the highest degree and
with the greatest certainty in that far
future to which Its contracts extend.
That beneficent function of Mutual
Life Insurance. In that view of its in-
trinsic morality, the Conn«cticut Mutual
has fulfilled with an unequaled success
for fifty-eight years; and it moves to-
ward its future of beneficent uses ade-
quately prepared. .
Respectfully submitted.
JACOB L. GREENH
President
Hartford. January 25, 1904.
34
RUSSIANS PROVE NO MATCH FOR THE MIKADO'S SEAMEN AND GUNNERS IN NAVAL FIGHT
RUSSIA GIVES
HER ACCOUNT
OF QUARREL
Points for Which St.
Petersburg Govern
ment Contended.
Charges Japan With Re
sponsibility for the
War Outbreak.
ST. PETKRSBURGH. Feb. 9. — A
lengthy official" communication Issued
to-day gives the Russian account of
i he negotiations which Jed to the rup
ture.
"Last year." says this Foreign Office
note, "the Tokio Cabinet, under the
pretext of establishing the balance of
power and a more settled order of
things on the shores of the Pacific,
Mibmitted to the imperial Government
;i proposal for a revision of the exist
ing treaties with Korea. Russia con-
Bented and Viceroy Alexieff was
charged *o draw up a project for a
new understanding with Japan, in co
operation with the Russian Minister in
Tokio, who was entrusted with the
negotiations with the Japanese Gov
ernment. Although the exchange of
views with the Tokio Cabinet on this
subject were of a friendly character
Japanese social circles and the local
and foreign press attempted In every
way to produce a w;irh'ke ferment
.-tmong the Japanese and to drive the
<jo\vnunent into an armed conflict
with Russia. Under , the influence
thereof the Tokio Cabinet began to
formulate greater and greater de
mands in the negotiations, at the same
lime taking most extensive measures
to make the country ready for war.
All of these circumstances of course
disturbed Russia's equanimity, but
they induced her to also take military
:;tjd naval measures.
JAPAN'S RIGHTS IX KOREA.
"■>>"<?verllie!fcss, to preserve peace in
the Far East. Russia, so far as her in
lontestable rights and interests per
mitted, gave the necessary attention
to the demands of the Tokio Cabinet
and declared herself ready to recog
nize Japan's privileged commercial
and economic preponderance In the
Korean peninsula, with Xhe concession
of the right to protect it by military
force in the event of disturbance in
that country. At the same time, while
rigorously observing the fundamental
principle of her policy regarding Ko
rea, whose independence and integ
rity were guaranteed by previous un
derstandings with Japan and by trea
ties with other powers, Russia in
sisted on three points:
"1. On a mutual and conditional
guarantee of this principle.
"2. On an understanding to use no
part of Korea for strategic purposes,
as the authorization of such action on
the part of any foreign power was di
rectly opposed to the principle of the
independence of Korea.
"2. On preservation of the full
freedom of navigation of the Straits
of Korea.
'The project elaborated in this sense
did not satisfy the Japanese Govern
ment, 'vhkh. in its last proposals, not
only declined to accept the conditions
vhkh 3nj,eared as the guarantee of
'.he independence of Korea, but began
m the same time to insist on pro
\ ihior.s to be incorporated in a project
r*-ssrdiT»s the question of Manchuria.
TREATY RIGHTS RECOGNIZED.
"Such demands on the part of Japan
naturally m*r* inadmissible, the ques
tion of Russia's position 5n Manchuria
<oncerr:inc, in the rtrst place. China,
but also all the powers having com'mer
ciil interests in China. The Imperial
Government, therefore, saw no reason
tc include in a special treaty with
Japan regarding Korean affairs any
provision concerning territory occu
pier! by Russian Troops. The Imperial
Government, however, did not refuse,
so long as the occupation of Manchuria,
lasted, to recognize both the sovereign
ty of the Emperor of China in Man
churia and also the rights acquired
th'rrc by other powers through treaties
with <"Mna. A declaration to this ef
fect had already been made to the for
eign Cabinr-ts.
"In view of this the Imperial Govern
ment, after charging its representative
at Tokio to present its reply to the
Ifist proposal of Japan, was Justified in
c\pecting the Tokio Cabinet lo take
into account the considerations set
forth above, and that it would appre
ciate the wish manifested by Russia
l«- «:omo to a r**aceful understanding
mth Japan. Instead of this, the Japan
ese Government, not even awaiting
this r^ply. decided to break off negotia
tions and to suspend diplomatic rc!a
tior.f.
"The Imperial Government, while
laying upon Japan the full responsibil
ity for any consequences of such a
course of action, will await the de
velopment of events, and the moment
it becomes n?cessary will take the
most decisive measures for the pro
lection of its rights and interests in
the Far East."
SAYS RUSSIA IS CARELESS.
Italian Oflieer Comments on the At
tack Made by Japanese.
ROME, Feb. 10.— The Patria to-day
publishes comments on the ' first en
gagement in the Far East, supposedly
from tho pen of Admiral Bettolo. who
has twice filled the post of Minister of
Marine. The writer says:
"The result of this first attack is ex
ceptionally grave and shows that the
Russian commander was not prepared.
It points also to a possibility of future
catastrophes. The Japanese showed
notable perspicacity and foresight, and
the fact that the Russians were sur
prised at night proves that thev were
not vigilant. If the Russian ships had
been surrounded by metallic nets, as is
prescribed in warfare, if they had em
ployed searchlights, and, especially, if
their torpedo-boat destroyers had been
active, this 'surprise could not have
brought such disastrous consequences.
The Japanese have proved their water
scout service to be excellent, as, in the
darkness of night, they knew exactly
where to strike. As the. Russians have
no dockyard facilities In the Far East
to repair the damages inflicted on tr.eir
shipe. it follows that the three vessels
struck by torpedoes are useless for ser
vice in the present war."
Do|tarlurc of P.usnian Troops.
NIJN1 NOVGOROD. Russia. Feb. 9.—
FlnthUBfafitic scenes here are attending
the dei-arture of troops for the Far
JZusV
SOLDIERS OF THE MIKADO AS THEY APPEAR DURING MOBILIZATION FOR THE AVAR NOW OX "WITH RUSSIAN FORCES IX THE ORIENT.
Russian Army Begins the Advance
Continued From Page 1, Column 2.
the line is under the strictest sur
veillance.
Advices from Tokio say the
Privy Council to-day approved
the regulations regarding the
proclamation of a state of siege
in Japan as a result of an extra
ordinary meeting of the Cabinet
held this afternoon. All Japan
ese military officers abroad, with
the exception of attaches, were re
called.
There is a plot on foot at Seoul
to bring 2000 soldiers from Phy
ongyang to take the Korean Em
peror to the French legation,
whither the imperial treasure has
already been conveved.
JAPANESE CAPTURE
THE RUSSIAX MAIL
LINER MOXGOLIA
LONDON. Feb. 9. —7\ dis
patch to Reuter's Telegram Com
pany from Shanghai says it is
creditably reported that the Rus
sian mail steamship Mongolia,
which left Shanghai on Sunday,
has been captured by the Japanese
off Shantung Peninsula.
A dispatch to Lloyd's from
Newchwang, after confirming the
reports of the departure of the
Japanese and announcing the
preparations to close the Yoko
hama Specie Bank, adds :
"Owing to the enormous trade
interests involved, the powers
should demand that Russia sur
render, the port of Newchwang
and agree to the neutralization
thereof."
A dispatch to Reuter's Tele
gram Company from Port Arthur*
dated February. 8, says :
"The Japanese Consul has ar
rived at Port Arthur from Chefu
with a ship to take the bulk of the
THE SAN FRANCISCO. CALL. WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 10, 1904.
Port Arthur and Dalny Japanese
to Japan to*morrow. The steam
ships Rasbera and Fuping will
take the remainder.
"On account of the excitement
among the Japanese here during
the past fortnight Viceroy Alexi
eff has repeatedly assured them
protection and encouraged them
to remain. He also yesterday de
vised plans for the relief of the
refugees until their transportation
had been arranged. Families of
other nationalities are leaving
Port Arthur.
"Japanese have been forbidden
to take passage on cargo ships
bound from Japan to Port Ar
thur."
FRENCH GARRISONS
FOR RUSSIAX FORTS
OX LIAOTUNG- GULF
LONDON, Feb. 9.— A dis
patch to Reuter's Tdegram Agen
cy from Tientsin says :
"A French transport with a
battalion of troops from Tonquin
is hourly expected at Shanhai
kwan (in the Gulf of Liaotung)
to garrison the forts which are
being evacuated by the Russians.
It is reported that the tri-color of
France was hoisted there this
morning, and that the British offi
cer in charge at Shanhaikwan
protested against the French oc
cupying it. At present there is
Only a single sentry guarding the
flag."
The British commander here,
Brigadier General Ventry, and his
chief of staff proceeded to Shan
haikwan this morning.
Martial Law In "Port Arthur.
PORT ARTHUR, Feb. 9.— In conse
quence of the attack by the Japanese
torpedo-boats, martial law has " been
proclaimed here.
Russian Cruisers Are
Reported Sunk
at Chemulpo.
Continued From Page 1, Column 7.
shot, and that 8000 Japanese* im
mediately landed at Chemulpo
and the march to Seoul , com
menced.
It was reported from Peking
to-day that the Japanese had dis
embarked at Chemulpo notwith
standing the presence there of
two Russian warships, and an
other dispatch -from Chefu said
Japan had the Variag and the
Korutz caught at Chemulpo.
Japanese troops also landed at
all the chief points of Southern
and Western Korea. One division
of the Japanese guards holds Fu
san and Chemulpo, and altogether
three divisions, each o*f 12,000
men, have been mobilized.
It appears, the correspondent
continues, that the Russian war
ships at Vladivostok are ice
bound.
The greatest activity prevails
here, and ammunition is being
served out lavishly, at an average
of 150 cartridges per man. New
recruits are being enrolled with
feverish haste, drilling being dis
pensed with in favor of incessant
target practice.
The correspondent of the Daily
Mail at Kobe, in a dispatch dated
February 9, says that a company
of Negoya, troops has already
been sent to guard the ancient
shrines at Isein, in the province
of Yamada.
Four Battalions Land Near Seoul.
ROME, Feb. 9.— Official advices, re
ceived here from Tokio say that "four
battalions of Japanese Infantry -have
landed in Korea near Seoul.
Cures Colds in France.
LAXATIVE BRC^MO QUININE. To get the
genuine, call for the full name. 25 cents. •
Alexieff Reports the Two Reverses
Continued From Page 1, Column 6.
the cruiser Novik each had a hole
knocked in her side below the
water line. The forts were slight
ly damaged.
"MAJOR GENERAL PLUG."
ST. PETERSBURG, Feb. 10
(6:20 a. ml) — A second tele
gram has been received from
Vicerov Alexieff. It is "dated
February 9, and says :
"A Japanese squadron of fif
teen battleships and cruisers to
day began to bombard Port Ar
thur. The fortress replied, and
the Squadron weighed anchor in
order to participate in the battle."
A third telegram from the
Viceroy says that after a bom
bardment lasting, one hour the
Japanese squadron ceased its. fire
and steamed southward. : . %
. "Our losses,*' the
continues, "are two naval officers
and fifty-one men wounded and.
nine men killed, and on the coast
batteries one man killed and three
wounded.
"During the engagement the
battleship Poltava and the cruisers
Diana, Askold and Novik were
each damaged on the water line.
The damage to the fortress was
not important." ,/
Admiral Alexieff, amplifying
his first. telegram' to the Czar on
the torpedo-boat action, now tel
egraphs as follows:
"I most humbly report to, your
imperial Majesty that the three
injured vessels were not sunk, nor
were their boilers or engines
damaged. The Cesareviteh re
ceived a hole in her steering de
partment and her rudder \ was
CZAR APPEALS TO GOD OF WARS
TO GIVE RUSSIANS THE VICTORY
Ancient Custom. Observed in the Holding of
.Religious Services in the Little Chapel
of the Winter PaUce.
ST. PETERSBURG. Feb. 9.— There
was an unprecedented scene at the re
ligious service held in the Winter Pal-
damaged; the Retvizan was dam
aged in her pumping apparatus
tinder the water line, and the Pal
lada was injured amidship, no»
far from her engines.
"After the explosion the cruis
ers hastened immediately to their
assistance and in spite of the dark
night measures were taken to
bring the damaged vessels to the
harbor.
"We had no loss in officers.
Two marines were killed, five
were drowned and eight were
wounded. The enemy's torpedo
boats received a heavy fire. Two
unexploded torpedoes were found
after the attack/'
MUSCOVITE RAGE AROUSED.
Sullen Populace Stirred to Patriotism
by Japan's Coup.
ST. PETERSBURG, Feb. 9.— The
news that Japan had duplicated her ac
tion at the opening of the Chinese war
by a torpedo attack on the Russian
ships off Port Arthur created intense
excitement. Extra editions of the
morning papers printed early in the
forenoon, after the appearance of the
Official Messenger, conveyed the intel
ligence to the population of the capital
and dispelled any lingering hopes that
war could be averted. The Czar and
his Ministers, who had been informed
immediately of the receipt of Viceroy
Alexieff 's telegram, accepted the gage
and prepared to face the reality of war.
Feverish activity reigned at all the
ministries and war preparations were
pushed in all directions.
The Russian Red Cross Society al
ready has sent 2000 beds to the Far
East and Sisters of Mercy are leaving.
The temper of the people which was
indicated in the great personal demon
stration accorded to the Czar and Czar
ina In the Imperial Opera-house yester
day evening, the audience rising and
singing "God Save the Czar and Give
Him Victory," was further manifested
this morning after the arrival of the
news from Port Arthur In the crowds
of volunteers that besieged the general
staff offices.
The naval reserves have been called
out.
The action of the Japanese in attack
ing the Russian fleet without a decla
ration of war is denounced as an out
rage by the Russians generally and the
result. Instead of discouraging them,
seems to have been to supply the spark
necessary to fire Russian patriotism.
From the large centers throughout Eu
ropean Russia comes information that
the country Is already aroused by the
Japanese action in breaking off the ne
gotiations.
Commenting on the address of loyalty
ace at 4 o'clock this afternoon. At the
command of the Czar a great concourse
of Ministers, court officials, high state
functionaries, ladies of rank and mili
tary men assembled in St. George Hall,
all of the men arrayed in full uniform.
After some delay, which became almost
oppressive because of the feeling of
solemnity plainly apparent, the doors
of the Imperial apartments were opened
and the Czar entered, wearing the uni
form of the First Guard Regiment of
Russia, with the Dowager Czarina on
his arm.
The Dowager wore a costume of pearl
gray and no Jewels. The young Czar
ina, wearing her favorite white and sil
ver, followed, escorted by the Grand
Duke Michael and heir presumptive.
The entire Imperial family followed in
order of precedence.
Approaching a group of naval and
military officers his Majesty turned
gravely and greeted them with the cus
tomary Russian phrase. "I wish you
good health, gentlemen."
The officers responded with a loud ac
claim, shouting vigorous hurrah3.
The scene became one of wild en
thusiasm, amid which the Imperial pro
cession moved forward, entered the
chapel, advanced to the altar and stood
with bowed heads while the choir and
clergy intoned an impressive interces
sory service of the Greek church. An
intensely religious spirit pervaded the
entire assemblage, which crowded thtf
little palace chapel to its utmost capac
ity. During the recital of the litany
many knelt and even bowed their heads
to the chanel floor.
The court chaplain, attended by the
deacon, reverently approached the Czar
and sprinkled him with holy water
from the chalice and presented a cruci
fix, 'which the Czar kissed fervently.
At the conclusion of the service the
Imperial party slowly retiree? A.3 they
re-entered thepalaee another service
was enacted. The Czar made an ad
dress. Darkness had fallen before the
service was finished.
Serious differences have arisen in
high quarters over the command of the
Russian land forces in the Far Ea*t.
v. ne faction favors placin both land
and sea forces under Viceroy Alexieff.
while the generals and other high of
ficers of the army believe that the
prestige gf General Kuropatkin. the
War Minister, is essential to achieving
success with the land forces and they,
therefore, urge a division of authority.
In any event it is understood that
Viceroy Alexieff, as the Czar'a repre
sentative in the Far East, will have
general direction of operations.
As the passage of Lake Baikal by
train across the ice appears to be too
dangerous, the Russian reinforcements
wfll i ross the ice on foot and the war
material will be transported over a
temporary line.
A despatch to the Novoe Vremya
from Port Arthur says:
"In consequence of Korea's neutral
ity, it is assumed here that Japan will
be obliged to withdraw her infantry
arid artillery from Seoul. Much un
easiness is reported from Seoul, owins
to the arrival there of Japanese sol
diers, who Intend to build barracks.
The Korean r.oblemen who have been
residing in Japan have received per
mission to return home."
A rigid censorship is exercised on
all telegrams from Port Arthur and the
public is still completely in the dark
as to the result of the fighting there.
. The report given out by the Admiral
ty this afternoon as to the sinking of
eleven Japanese warships in the Far
East traveled over Russia and Europe,
and St. Petersburg was besieged by
telegrams asking for confirmation.
Later in the day, when doubt was cast
on the accuracy of this report, public
anxiety became more active. Inquiries
for'an official statement were met with
the response that in accord with the
circular issued last Sunday all official
reports would first appear In the Offi
cial I.Iessenger.
The statement published in London
that Kurino, the retiring Japanese
Minister, presented the note from hla
Government on February 5, is not true.
The note was received here on tha
evening of February 5, but it was not
presented until February 6.
from the provincial council of Taro
stave, the Xovoe Vremya says It indi
cates the sentiments of the whole Rus»
sian people, adding, "Woe betide Ja
pan."
The effect on the Bourse, where it
was rumored the full extent of the
fighting at Port Arthur had not been
made public and that the engagement
was still progressing, was that a re
sumption of the panic seemed abso
lutely inevitable. The market had no
support. Imperial 4s falling another
point. Lottery bonds were quoted at
38 roubles and bank stocks at 26.
United States Embassador McCor
mick was notified this morning that
Russia had no objection to the United
States looking after Japan's Interests
in Russia. No current business will
be left by Kurino, the retiring Japan
ese Minister. McCormick's principal
duties will be to protect the few Jap
anese who reside in European Russia,
There are only twenty of them in St.
Petersburg, and five in Moscow, but
there may be difficulties in Asiatic
Russia.
It is learned that Kurino recom
mended to his Government that, in
stead of the action taken, it suspend
negotiations with Russia and to offer
to submit the controversy to The Hague
arbitration . tribunal, but It is be
lieved here that the Japanese feared
that on account of the excited con
dition of the people they would not
support the Government in such a
course.
The Russian authorities declare that
the Russian response was Jn Baron
de Rosen's hands in Tokio and was
being translated when Japan's notifi
cation of the severance of diplomatic
relations arrived.
The latest returns of Russian, war
ships in the Far East total ninety-four,
including eight battleships, sixteen
cruisers, seven gunboats and fifty-six
torpedo boat destroyers and torpedo
boats.
Three more battleship and nine tor
pedo boats are to go to the Far. East
in the spring.
The vast square In front of the Win
ter Palace was crowded this evening
with an immense assemblage. Among
the excited, cheering crowds the wild
est repor 4 of occurrences in the Ear
East were circulating.
Those who attended the religious ser
vice in the palace to-day asserted that
the Japanese had attacked Port Arthur
and that the fight was still progress-
Ing. Fcoi.. the same sources it was
tsserted that the damage done to the
Poltava. Cesareviteh and Pallada by
the Japanese torpedoes wa. not seri
ous ■•;•:, ;';.•;.;;;BY ONE SENSATIONAL COUP JAPAN OBTAINS THE MASTERY IN WATERS OF FAR EAST
L/AK rLttl
vt.ni \ v^ i I— 1_ i» i
NOT PREPARED I
FOR COMBAT!
Japanese Torpedo Boats j
Effect Complete I
Surprise.
Night Attack Followed
by Terrific Day
Engagement.
ConUnurd l"rom Page I. Column 5.
evening prayers. The
hymn rolled out impres
sively along the water.
the weather was per
fect. It was not cold and
the sky was clear. There
was a light southerly breeze
and a hazy horizon. Deep
silence settled down.
Explosions Under Water.
1 was going to bed at
1 1 : 30 o'clock when I heard
three distinct but muffled
explosions, -one after an
«»iher. Apparently they
came from under the wa
ter, for the Columbia vi
brated violently. Instantly
firingwiththe 12-pounders
and 3-pounders began.
Searchlights were placed,
but without much method.
1 watched the operations,
thinking they were only
maneuvers, till midnight,
when the firing had almost
ceased, entirely ceasing at
* in the morning.
At about 1 o'clock two
battleships, the Retvizan
and the Cesarevitch, and
one large cruiser passed us,
coming toward the harbor
entrance. The battleships
soon lav across the nar-
rows at the entrance,
where both are now
aground and helpless.
They are very close to
gether and are not block
ing the entrance, except
for ships of heavy draught.
The Retvizan had been tor
pedoed forward, the Ce
sarevitch aft.
The cruiser listed to port
is aground outside of the
entrance of the harbor.
She also was torpedoed.
Excitement of Russians.
At 2:40 some Russian
naval officers came to the
Columbia in a state of
great excitement, saying
the Viceroy had ordered
us not to attempt to leave,
their object apparently be
ing to prevent us giving
information to the Japan
ese concerning the extent
of the damage.
Up to 4iis time we
thought the operations
were only maneuvers or a
scare, but now we began
to suspect something ser
ious, especially when at
day we saw the strange,
pathetic appearance of the
l wo torpedoed battleships.
We suspected a collision, but
soon learned that these battie
>\v.p< and cruisers were certainly
torpedoed. Jt seems strange,
for though flashlights were whirl
ing iviidiv and the lighthouse
light was now extinct, no firing
U)ok place after 3 o'clock. The
moon was shining, but no enemy
was visible.
Victors Escape Unharmed
The sun arose very red, dis
closing the presence on the hori
zon of three two-funnel cruisers,
on whose masts we. afterward dis
tinguished the flag of the rising
sun of Japan. They came boldly
within long-distance range and
both remained watching for two
hours after daybreak.
A strange apathy seemed to
possess the Russians. Crews of
white-faced, gaping men crowd
ed the forward decks of the dam
aged vessels.
I saw. through a glass, the
cook of the Ratvizan calmly
throwing out slops and men in
the other vessels carefully wash
ing the anchor chain while weigh
ing anchor. For a long time after
the anchor was weighed no ves
sels showed a disposition to chase
the Japanese or to fire a single
Finally the Japanese left. This
was at 8:20 o'clock. They were
pursued by the Russian fleet,
which proceeded toward Dalny.
At 9:15 o'clock the Russians
returned to their anchorage, no
firing apparently having occur
red. Then again came silence,
everything having passed off with
less noise than an ordinary naval
review.
SECOND BATTLE BEGINS.
The Russians had now outside
the harbor five effective battle
ships, live effective cruisers, one
volunteer cruiser, one gun vessel,
one training ship and seventeen
torpedo-boats and destroyers.
The latter were grouped near; the
entrance of the harbor.
It was almost 11 o'clock this
morning when a section of Jap
anese ships, including five battle
ships, appeared along the hori
zon. They were in fine order.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY J.O. 19.04.
At 11:15, say, came a flash
from a' Japanese vessel. This
landed a 12-inch shell near the
torpedo-boats and disabled a bat
tleship. The aim was splendid.
Owing to the confusion of
quarantine officials or perhaps be
cause the Russians thought the
Japanese would dislike to fire
near the British flag, the Colum
bia had been lying close to the
Russian fleet and in the line of
fire, so that^the Japanese shells
aimed at the battleships fell thick
ly around her. Several, bursting
near her stern, strewed her deck
with splinters and water.
CARRIES OFF HIS GUARDS.
Captain Anderson then got un
der way, although ordered by the
Russians not to leave, and despite
the protests of the Russian
guards aboard, who were event
dally conveyed to Chefu. On
one occasion, when shells were
bursting around us, the captain
called:
"Boy, get me some cigarettes."
Officers Wright and Nicholson
and Engineer Smith were cool
ness personified. The vessel was
brought out of her excessively
dangerous position by running
near shore and then making full
speed for Chefu. The Russian
guards were praying fervently
and the Chinese crew was fright
ened, but worke<J well. We feared
the Russian batteries would sink
us for disobeying orders or send
a torpedo-boat in pursuit. The
captain had repeatedly signaled
for permission to proceed, but his
signals were not answered.
The bombardment of the fo?ts
lasted till about 12, the Japanese
shooting with good aim. Two
shells burst on the summit of one
fort and numbers on the face of
cliffs and along the beach. All
of them were heavy shells.
Owing to the length of range
VIEW OF "THE ENTRANCE TO
THE FORTIFIED HARBOR OF
PORT ARTHUR.
all shells burst on contact with
water or land. Some threw out a
yellow smoke, but generally it was
a cjense black smoke, temporarily
concealing the ships. The rate
of fire on both sides was slow and
many Russian shells fell short.
The Sevastopol jvvas hit by a
heavy shell near the base of her
forward funnel. Another three
funneled battleship was struck
amidship on her armor plating.
A third, also a battleship, was
struck abaft her armored section,
near the stern.
We could 'not ascertain the ex
act damage done. The fleets
were about three miles apart. Ap
parently no ship on either side
was disabled.
The Russian cruiser Xovik
fought pluckily, keeping by far
the closest to the Japanese. All
of the heavier fire was concen
trated on her and compelled her
to retire on the battleships. The
other Russian cruisers fought at
first outside the line of battle
ships.-
The Russians seemed to fight
with little formation, probably
owing to the cramped space, be
ing never more than a mile and
a half fronvshore. They remained
all the time under the guns of
the forts, which fired over them,
but not frequently. The heaviest
shore batteries fired over us aild
the air vibrated strong and there
was a great crackling around us.
Before the action' we saw the
Russian battleships throwing
beds' and other lumber through
the gunports, and Chinese sam
pans were busily engaged in pick
ing up these articles, including
ping pong tables, until the shells
began to fall.
JAPANESE GOOD SEAMEN.
The Russian battleships con
stantly wheeled around in the
same position; while the Japan-
BRITISH EXULT OVER JAPANESE
VICTORY AND RUSSIAN DISASTER
Believe the Mikado Has Already Obtained Com
mand of the Sea by His Bold Stroke.
LONDON, Feb. 10.— The . dispatch
from Major General Flug, Issued at St.
Petersburg, on the engagement of Port
Arthur has not yet reached the Eng
lish newspapers, and the various ac
counts of the Port Arthur fight pub
lished this morning leave much to be
desired on the point of exactitude. It
Is the general opinion of .the British
press, however, that Viceroy Alexleff's
dispatches conceal the extent of the
damage that the Japanese onslaught
inflicted upon the Russian fleet and
that when the actual facts become
known it will be seen that Japan, by
her pluck and energy, has practically
secured command of the sea.
In an editorial article the Daily Tele
graph says that, unless all signs are
astray, "the Far Eastern fleet which
Russia built up with extraordinary ex
ertions during the last five years is in
its death agony."
The Times says the moral effect of
the blow which Japan suddenly de
livered can 'hardly be exaggerated,
and that the immediate strategic con
sequences are scarcely second in im
portance to the moral effect. All of
the daily papers express the greatest
satisfaction at such a catastrophe to
Russia and unexpected initial success
on the part of the Japanese.
COMMENT ON HAY'S NOTE.
Secretary Hay's note to the powers
on the integrity of China created great
interest at the Japanese legation here,
where it was characterized as "a seri
ous blow to Russia."
Beyond this statement, however, the
ese kept a splendid formation, re
tiring:'slowlv in line to the south
ward at 1 1 145} after half an hour's
action.
The Columbia escaped with a
small hole in her deck, caused by
a splinter from a shell, and some
marks on her afterdeck-house.
The Columbia's captain is Eng
lish, the mate Irish and the en
gineer Scotch.
Two large and two small Brit
ish steamers engaged in coasting
trade, also an American flour
ship, the Pleiades, are blocked
insitle Port Arthur harbor by t;he
position of the disabled battle
ships.
The Russians are endeavoring,
by pumps and collision mats, to
stop the holes in the battleships
in order to be able to take them
inside the harbor at high water.
Wlten fifteen miles south of
Port Arthur I heard heavy firing
toward the north. This was at
i :3b o'clock in the afternoon. It
did not. continue long. I saw.no
; signs of the Japanese fleet on my
1 way to Che/u. .
Norway nnd Sweden -Neutral.
STOCKHOLM, Sweden, Feb. 9.— The
legation officials refused to b* quoted.
The daily papers publish the note with
great prominence, but while admitting
its extreme importance, and urging the
careful consideration of the proposal,
they comment upon it in a tone of con
siderable caution. The Times says It
hopes It will meet with general support,
as It would limit the danger of the dis
turbance of the world's peace.
The Morning Post points out that the
difficulty is to define what it meant by
"China." but says it thinks that Great
Britain would readily assent to Secre
tary Hay's proposal.
The Daily Chronicle. and the Stand
ard are equally in favor of the idea If
it can be put into execution, but these
papers think the proposal requires close
scrutiny, owing to the difficulty ofvear
rying it into effect.
JAPANESE RELEASE PRIZES.
In a dispatch from Shanghai, dated
February 9. a correspondent of the
Daily Telegraph says that the Japanese
stopped and subsequently released
three Russian steamships, the Mukden,
the Amur and the Schulka.
One Russian warship, an obsolete
sloop named the Mandjur. the cor
respondent continues, is there, and
Captain Crown, who^commands her, is
evidently retained as an intelligence of
ficer. He is assisting the Russian mili
tary agent. General Desslno. I
In a dispatch from Tokio the corres
pondent of the Times says the Jap
anese Government has removed the
restrictions upon foreign insurance
'companies. :
r
Government of Sweden and Norway de
cided to-day to observe strict neutral
ity during the war between Russia and
Japan.
RUSSIA SERIOUSLY CRIPPLED.
German Naval Comment on the Re
' :U- ; ' [verse at Port Arthur.
BERLIN. Feb. 9.— Japan's Initial suc
cess in the first attack with torpedo
boats on the Russian fleet off Port
Arthur produced a deep impression,
both upon the people and upon miji
tary and naval critics here. Groups
gathered around the distributers of the
extras in the streets and read the news
almost with exclamations of gladness.
The comment at the Marine Depart
ment was that eveji the temporary dis
ablement of three warships placed the
Russians at a great disadvantage in
the future operations. It was added
that the torpedoing of the enemy's ves
sels lying under powerful land batter
ies must have been carried out dar
ingly and skillfully. As Viceroy Alex
leff did not mention any Japanese
lossc; in his first dispatch, the common
talk of the naval officers was that the
Japanese had shown that they could
handle their. ships better than the Rus
sians.
Russia's (Women 1 Patriotic.
MOSCOW. Feb. 9.— The iMuseovites
are animated by the patriotic senti
ments which have been strengthened
by the actual outbreak of war. The lo
cal Red Cross Society is besieged by
women who are offering their services
to nurse the wounded. Prices on the
Moscow Stock Kxchange are falling.
TroopS Sail From Odessa.
ODJ2SSA. Feb. 9.— The Russian volf
unteer cruiser Tampov sailed to-day
with a full cargo for the Far Kast.
The Russian steamships Kieff and
Vladimir will start for the Far Kast
this week.
FRENCH PRESS
DENOUNCES ACT
OF JAPANESE
Declares Law of Nations
Was Violated by
Attack.
Russia Expects to Be
Defeated in Sea
Battles.
PARIS, Feb. 9.— As the day wore on
a great wave of pc-pular sympathy for
Russia was brought out by the news
of the engagement off Port Arthur.
The newspapers without exception se
verely arraign Japan. The Temps,
semi-official, says:
"Japan's brutality In making a night
attack before a declaration of war i3
her second offense against the rules of
international law."
The Journal Des Debats declare? Ja
pan's action was contrary to rules of
international law. giving promise th;it
Japan proposes to conduct the war
without regard to modern usages of
warfare.
The Patrie gives sensational promi
nence to its assertion that Japan com
mitted an act of International treason,
compares the attack on the Russian
Meet of Port Arthur with the blowing
up of the Maine, and asserts that Eu
rope will hold Japan responsible for
thta treason.
The authorities expressed the belief;
that Japan committed a breach of in
ternational law.
Notwithstanding this bitterness, how
ever, universal recognition was given
to Japan's audacity and it was evi
dent that Japan's naval prestige had
been materially increased.
The press was informed by a his;!*
Russian authority that, now that Ja
pan has begun war. the Russian Gov
ernment, following the manifesto to be
issued in St. Petersburg, expects that
the various states will issue proclama
tions of neutrality.
In Russian diplomatic circles the suc
cess of Japan's attack last night nat
urally aroused the greatest regret. It
was frankly- admitted that Russia ex
pected to be defeated upon the sea. but
it was added that she would certainly
conquer on land.
PARIS. Feb. 10. — The newspapers
this morning unanimously denounce
Japan's action in attacking the Rus
sian ships at Port Arthur before a for
mal declaration of war as a trait
worthy of savages and contrary to the
laws of nations. Pro-Russian sympa
thies are universally expressed, but an
equally conspicuous note is the sat
isfaction with the probability that
hostilities will be localized to the pres
ent belligerents.
ATTITUDE OF FRANCE.
Will Give Russia Xo Assistance in the
Far East. y
PARIS. Feb. 9.— The news of the first
Japanese attack with torpedo-boats on
the Russian fleet off Port Arthur cre
ated consternation here. The officials
of the Foreign Office were among the
first to receive the information and the
advices were similar to those of the St.
Petersburg Official Gazette, showing
that two Russian battleships and ona
cruiser were damaged and also Show
ing that four torpedo-boats made the
attack. An official of the Foreign Of
fice said:
"It Is profoundly to be regretted that
such a decisive step has been taken, as
it terminates the efforts the powers
might have made to avert actual war
fare."
Information has been received here
showing that the British Government
will issue a declaration of neutrality
within a few days, perhaps immediate
ly, and that France will take the same
course within a day or two.
At a conference of Ministers held at
the Elysee Palace to-day under the
presidency of M. Loubet. Foreign Min
ister Delcasse communicated the news
of the first Japanese attack w"ith tor
pedo-boats on the Russian fleet off Port
Arthur, and announced that the French
Minister in Toklo had been instructed
to assure the protection of Russian sub
jects and their interests in Japan.
The attitude of the French Govern
ment in view of the war Is now deil
nitely determined upon. France will
maintain neutrality under any and ail
circumstances, the Franco-Russian al
liance being construed as not requiring
France to intervene in behalf of Russia,
even should Great Britain or any third
power intervene in behalf of Japan.
The naval engagement off Port Ar
thur Is understood to have mainly occu
pied the attention of the Council of
Ministers. The impression prevailed
that the three Russian ships torpedoed
were so disabled as to be unserviceable
for the remainder of the war. thus
placing the Russian fleet in a state of
manifest inferiority. It is said that
members of the Council of Ministers
expressed astonishment at the alleged
negligence of the commanders of th*
Russian ships in permitting the Japan
ese to surprise them.
The Japanese legation announces
that Japan has requested China to de
clare coal contraband of -war. The ef
fect of this would be to cut off the main
coal supply of the Russian fleet at Port
Arthur. The legation officials add that
China's continuance of supplying the.
Russians with coal would be a broach
of neutrality.
CHINA TO REMAIN* NEUTRAL.
Mongolian Government Will Not He
Drawn Into the War.
PARIS. Feb. 9. — China, it i* under
stood, has given official assurances
that she will immediately issue a
declaration of neutrality. This ia
considered highly important, in view
of the possibility of. China, impressed
by the Japanese success at Port Ar
thur. Joining the Japanese.
It U reported on the same author
ity that the cable from Vladivostok
had been cut.
Russia *s Vladivostok Squadron.
CHEFU. Feb. 10.— The Russian war
vessels at Vladivostok are the armored
cruiser Rurlfc. Rossiay and Gromoboi
and the Boga Tyr. a screw corvette
built in 1S6O. Russia has 1000 tons oi
coal at Port Arthur, but the coal must
be taken out to the battleships In light
ers until the battl-.ships disabled by
the Japanese are floated.
Cures Colds in Kt:>.sia.
LAXATIVE BKOMO QUUilXE. To *?t the
j;enuinr, call lor the full name. 23 ceat*. *
56
UNITED STATES COMMENCES A MOVEMENT TO PRESERVE THE INTEGRITY OF CHINA
REPORT A RUSSIAN WAR VESSEL
WATCHING FOR JAPANESE LINER
Anxiety Felt as to Safety of Toyo Kisen Kaisha's
Steamship America Maru Owing to
Recent Incident on Ocean.
According to information that came
to hand in this city yesterday, a Rus
sian warship is supposed to be hover
ins somewhere between the Hawaiian
Islands and Japan in order to inter
cept the America Maru of the Toyo
Kisen Kaisha steamship line, which is
en route to Yokohama.
The information concerning a Rus
sian warship reached the " Japanese
Consulate yesterday. The information
was based on statements made by
some of the crew of the collier Hero
which is lying off Port Ix>s Angeles.
Some of the crew of the Hero are
Japanese and their statements made
yesterday were telegraphed to this
city.
The men claim that while the Hero
•was about nine days off Port Los An
geles, after leaving Honolulu, a
warship bore down, upon them, but
kept out of speaking distance. The crew
of the Hero assert that the stranger
was flying the Russian flag and that
ehe was heavily armed. ,
When the Hero displayed the Aus
trian flag the warship changed her
course and disappeared in the distance.
Others of the crew of tfie Hero, in ad
dition to the Japanese, corroborate the
story concerning- the Russian warship,'
but the officers have so far not made
any official statement of the incident.
In shipping circles in this city
many rumors have circulated in the
last two weeks that a Russian war
ship had been sighted in the track of
vessels plying from San Francisco to
Japan. No official report has been
made in the past month of any Rus
sian warship calling at Honolulu.
The capture of the America Maru
would be a valuable prize for Russia,
as the vessel is carrying a quantity of
war material for its home Govern
ment.
The America Maru left her on. Jan
uary 25. after being delayed for some
days by the rumor of war between
Russia and Japan. She carried twen
ty-three cabin priEsengers and a cargo
of foodstuffs, guns and ammunition
for the Japanese Government. She
railed at Honolulu six days after her
departure and is due at Yokohama at
the end of this week.
It is pcss-ible that she may have been
followed from Honolulu by the report
ed Russian warship. The America
Maru. with her sister ships, the Hong
kong Maru and the Xippon Maru, have
been acquired by the Japanese Govern
ment in order to be converted, into
cruisers, in accordance with the con
tract of the Tovo Kisen Kaisha Com
pany and the Government of Japan.
The Nippon Maru and the Hongkong
Maru are now in Japanese waters,
having arrived at Yokohama in Jan
uarv.
JAPANESE TO GO HOME.
Feu Have Loft, but Many Are Ready
to Answer the CalL
In realization of the serious condi
tions prevailing in the Orient Paul
Kosakevitch and Kisaburo Uyeno,
Consuls of Russia and Japan in
this city, decline to discuss the out
come of the war that is apparently in
evitable.
U. Yossioka, secretary to Uyeno,
however, disclosed a few facts yester
terday afternoon that prove beyond a
doubt that the, Japanese in this coun
try are aroused to a decree of
patriotism that will send them all to
the front when they are needed.
In speaking of the present situation
Yossioka said: "Up to the present
time but four Japanese are leaving
this city for the scone of action.
They will leave on the Gaelic, which
sails to-day.
"There ;ire over twenty thousand
Japanese in this country, the majority
of them being young men who were
either born here or who came to the
I'nitod SUitPs to be educated. They
are not afraid to go to war for their
<-nuntry. and the eagerness with .which
they talk of the prospective fighting is
good fvidfnce of tho fact th.'it Japan
will not be wanting for soldiers from
this cart of the world.
"Of course war has not yet been
formally declared and we are unable
to say how many of our people will be
called home. There are considerably
over two hundred and fifty members
JNO. J. FULTON CO.
' . • . i
'Norwich. N. Y., Jan. 2«. 19C4.
JOHN J. KL'LTOX <t).— Dear Firs: I am a i
TDIaliUic. My r>hy*ucian calls it Sugar Dia- j
tx-tcs ar.d nay* there is no cure — ju«t diet, j
My yen. who \\\e& in Chicago, heard of your i
compound and wlrfied \'A try It. So I sent
to the <V):ix»rt Drug Co. In O.icaso f'<r a dozen,
t^llins them if it cured me I had come friends
who wruld want it. Now the medicine is dolns
nil you claimed for it. I also gave a brother
officer »mc, and h* Is exp^rtencinc the same 1
poo*! results. No one here knows about . it. I
They ouffht to know, and I tvaf-.t to take the
agency fcr it and may start a sanitarium.
Thanking for an early reply, yours,
JOHN II. KINO. Deputy Sheriff.
,- i •
Camden. N. J.. Jan. 16. 1904.
J. J. Fulton Co.: Your compound for
Brlphf* DUea*» and DlabeteVhas been brought
to my notice by my daughter-in-law, who has •
been takir.K it with much -profit,' I had ticca- \
rion 13 get it Icr another member of my fam- '
iiy to-day, and I found go. much troubl* In j
getting It I determined to apply. for trie agency, j
It ought not to be necessary to *pend nearly i
half a. day to get It. Several right near me'
would take it at once. On what terms can I j
get the agency and a supply of the medicine?
V. O. TITUS. 5H Bensfln street.
Are you undecided as to whether you
should take Fulton's Compound or ko on
with the treatment you are now taking?
Some of the most careful business men
in this city declare the curability in
nearly r.ine-tenths of all cases of chronic
Brlghfs Disease and Diabetes and offer
the proofs. On the other hand, the medi-
cal works In presenting their best treat-
ment acknowledge its futility and de-
clare botli Incurahle. How can Uiere be
any further halting? Do you not dwYTt*'
to your family to give a serious trial to
the specifics that, according, to many
successful, conservative business men,
are saving lives?
Send for literature and list of agents'
to Jno. J. Fulton Co.. 409 Washington
Btreet. San Francisco. At all first-class
drussistt 1 In this city.
of the Japanese reserves in this city,
and as many more in Los Angeles and
Tacoraa."
. For the past week callers at the of
fice and residence of Kosakevitch
have been refused an audience and
invariably given the information that
"Mr. Kosakevitch is not at home" or
is "out of town."
The Japanese American, a publica
tion of this city, is in receipt of infor
mation that there will be seven or
eight Japanese sail for the Orient to
day, in addition to those mentioned by
the Consul. These men will pay their
own expenses en route and are mem
bers of the imperial bodyguard of
Japan.
The members of the Japanese
Benevolent Society held a committee
meeting in their hall on Bush street
last evening: for the purpose of decid
ing: on a course of procedure toward
raising a subscription to- be known as
the army fund. A Blmllar society was
recently organized at Sacramento,- in
which a large sum was raised, which
will be sent to Japan as soon as pos
sible.
•JAPANESE HURRYING HOME.
Country's Call Meets Prompt Re
sponse From "Little Brown Men."
* HONOLULU, Feb. 9.— Numerous ca
bles were received to-day by Japanese
residents ! fct»,. Honolulu from their
Government 'advising them that the
reserves had been called out and in
structing them to come home at once.
It is believed that there are a large
number of reserves among the 60,000
Japanese in Hawaii, and that the war
possibly will deprive the plantations
of many laborers. The present trans
portation facilities to Japan will be in
adequate to carry the large number
of Japanese that will go from here.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Feb. 9.—De
spite the fact that no call for men from
British Columbia has been made by
the Japanese Government, twenty-five
Vancouver Japanese sailed to-night
from Victoria for Japan. They are
going on their own initiative, and were
joined at Victoria by a couple of dozen
of their countrymen, who are bound to
be on hand early to take part in the
hostilities. The party, which is the
first to leave this province because of
the outbreak of the war, sailed on the
Nippon Yusen Kaisha liner Kaga. It
is estimated that there are in this
province between 12.000 and 18,000 Jap
anese, and among them are between
S000 and 4000 men who are liable to
be called upon to serve their country.
STOCKTON. Feb. 9.— Japanese resi
dents of this city propose to fight for.
their country in the war with Russia.
The latest news was eagerly sought
by them to-day; and inquiry at the
Japanese mission developed that quite
a number of the score or more of Jap
anese in Stockton would leave for the
Orient at the earliest opportunity to
enlist. It was stated at the mission
that California would send quite a
troop of Japanese to enlist against
Russia.
SAN JOSE. Feb. 9.— Nearly all of
the Japanese in Santa Clara County
are preparing to go to San Francisco,
where they will report to the Japanese
Consul, who will obtain passage for
them to Japan under either the Ameri
can or the British flag. They will pay
for their own transportation. The total
number going is between 200 and 300.
AMERICA WILL LOSE TRADE.
Consul Fowler Says Interests in Orient
Will Be Affected by War.
John Fowler, Consul General from
this country to Chefu, China, who has
been at the Palace for two days await
ing the departure of the steamship
Gaelic for the Orient, whither he is
bound to resume his duties, regards
with deep concern the outbreak of
war between Japan and Russia. Ow
ing to the friendly feeling existing be
tween this country and its warring
neighbors across the Pacific he de
clined to discuss the situation last
evening from a political standpoint,
explaining that a statement from him
might be regarded as indiscreet by
the Washington authorities. As to the
commercial interests involved the
Consul General said that the United
States would lose a great deal. Upon
this subject he said:
"Russia and Japan have been buy
ing largely in the American markets
and it is very likely that this trade
will now be shut off, for purchases by
(-ither of the belligerent governments
would be prohibited by the authori
ties of this country. We have been
doing a business of about $20,000,000
with Northern China through New
chwang, Chefu and other ports sit
uated on the same gulf as Port Ar
thur. Through Chefu alone there
passes annually about $4, 500.000
worth of commodities from this coun
try destined for consumption in
Northern China.. - It is natural to ex
pect that if -the -war continues there
will be considerable fighting through
out Manchuria and importers of our
■goods will not care to take chances of
shipping to various points within the
disturbed territory. Chefu is likely
to. figure as very important in the war,
for it will be through that city that
many of the dispatches will pass.- I
would not. like to discuss for publi
cation my views as to what stand Chi
na may take % in the event of being
forced to take' a hand'irt the war, but
I will state that the Chinese have been
looking forward to the present . trou
ble for many months and her. states
men have no doubt carefully consid
ered every issue and. are already pre
pared to announce what side the em
pire will take."
Consul General Fowler's leave ■ of
absence does not expire until April 1,
but he decided to cut short his visit
to this country and hasten back to
Chefu, where his services as the rep
resentative of, the United States may
be needed at any moment.
LINERS MAY BE SEIZED.
Vessels Sailing From San Francisco
.j:v Subject to Capture.
The San Francisco Commercial News,
commenting Vesterday' on thd'-* Far
Eastern* war, said: ' ! "'.'
» "Yegterjlay hostilities • commenced
between^Japan and Russia; ;Japan seiz
ing a number-, of Russian merchant
steamers, according' to 'cable advices,
and moved troops to Korea, while
Russian cavalry . moved., south from
Manchuria, the advance of an army
that will doubtless seize the Japanese
owned railroad In Korea in spite of
< THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY .10, 1904.
Presidio Officers Make
Careful Study of.
War Ground/
The news of the commencement of
hostilities in the, Orient caused more
or less commotion and excitement, at
army headquarters yesterday and war
*was practically the entire subject of
conversation there during office hours.
General MacArthur and his staff
spent a large part of the afternoon
poring over maps of every kind, size
and description in order to become
.familiarized with the scene of the
present action and the surrounding
country and waters contingent there
to, over which the conflict will proba
bly take place. Major West, aid to
General MacArthur, and Colonel
George Andrews, adjutant general,
were much interested in the little isl
and of Tsushima lying in the -channel
midway between Japan and Korea,
as from indications this little spot may
play a most important part in the
naval portion of the war- This island
is so located as to practically com
mand the channel, with the assistance
of a small naval force, and the war
vessels of Russia from Vladivostok
would find it no easy task to get
through the channel should they
wish to pass through the straits in
their desire to get into ,the Yellow
Sea.
Tsushima, or Tsuslma, as it is
sometimes called, consists of two lofty
wpoded volcanic islands in the strait
of Koiea, about midwav from Korea
and Kiushin. It . is about thirty-five
mils long and about twelve miles
broad. Its capital/ is Izunohara, sit
uated near its southern end. On the
west shore in 34 degrees 20 minutes
north latitude is a magnificent inlet,
nearly landlocked, with several minor
inlets, each capable of sheltering
whole fleets in deep water close to the
shore aitd communicating by a nar
row channel at high' water with the
east coast. The area of the islands
is about 270 square miles and the
population of 31,000. From Ko point,
its most southern extremity, to the
main island of Japan, it is about fifty
miles, and from its most northern
point to Korea it is about thirty miles.
From Nagasaki it is barely distant
100 miles. Being in this position,
Japan could use this island as a sort
of place to center troops . and then
with ease jump them into Korea, only
thirty miles distant, when opportunity
offered.
The fine harbor has*. been a sort of
way station in the commercial rela
tions between Japan and Korea.
It is rumored . that the Japanese
have been quietly fortifying the splen
did harbor there and that they have
practically an impenetrable fortress
there now.
Major C. A. Devol, quartermaster
of the transport service, in speaking
of the Japanese soldiers, said: "They
are a very tenacious lot, quick, active,
hardy and splendidly drilled. They
are cohesive and are certainly pos
sessed of great mobility. They re
quire very little food and a diet of
rice and dried fish is fully sufficient to
met their needs. They are . great
walkers and can easily march four
miles an hour without any exertion.
They may be small of stature and few
in numbers compared with the great
forces of the Russians, but in disci
pline, alertness and endurance they
will certainly give the soldiers of the
Czar a good tussle."
the 'neutrality' of that kingdom.
Meanwhile, as pointed out in Mr.
Bishop's article on "War Risks,' re
cently printed in this paper:
During times of peace a transfer of prop
erty may be made while the goods are In
transit, but In times of war this Is not the*
case, tor this would lead to fraudulent trans
fer of the enemy's property to neutrals In
order to avi>:<! capture. The ownership of
the property Is. therefore, deemed to continue
as It wan at, the time of the shipment until
actual delivery. Property shipped from a neu
tral to the enemy's country, under a contract
to become the property of the enemy on ar
rival, may be taken . In transit an enemy's
property, for capture Is considered as delivery.
The captor, by rights of war. stands In the
place of the enemy.
"The Coptic, British steamer,* sailed
from this port January 15, with,.' as
part cargo, $11,038. worth of goods
supposed to be for the Russian Gov
ernment and destined for Vladivostok,
via Japan. The Korea, American
steamer, sailed from- this port Feb
ruary 2 with, as part cargo, $44,496
worth of goods, supposed to be for the
Russian Government, and destined for
Vladivostok, via Japan. The goods in
question consisted of mess beef chiefly.
"Japan is not a party to the Decla
ration of Paris. Does it see^n plaus
ible she will permit supplies for, her
enemy . to proceed ". to destination
through one of her ports without pro
test or action, although shipped in
neutral bottoms, whether such sup
plies are merely foodstuffs for the Rus
sians or are firearms and ammunition?"
Russian Transport at Port Said.
PORT ' SAID, Egypt. Feb. 9.-^The
Russian transp'orf Smelsencaraa has ar
rived here.
UNITED STATES ARMY OFFICERS WHO HAVE BEEN SELECTED TO
OBSERVE RUSSIAN AND JAPANESE OPERATIONS. AND THE
ACTIVE COMMANDER OF THE MIKADO'S FIGHTING SHIPS.
ARMIES SOON TO CLASH.
Japanese Force Will nt Once Adva'nce
3 - . . - . rpon 3IanchurIa. . '
LONDON, /Feb. . 9.— The Japanese
Minister, Baron Hayashi, said this aft
ernoon:
"Russia is making desperate efforts,
through the various embassies, to have
the powers intervene. Russia is now
willing to concede everything, but the
offer comes too late."
Baron Hayashi says the Japanese
fleet is not likely to blockade Port Ar
thur. His knowledge of the Japanese
naval plans, as tentatively reported,
leads him and others here to believe
that the Japanese fleet is now lying be
tween Chcfu and the Yalu River,
screening the landing of the troops
one arm:' corps at Fusan and two at
Penyang, Korea.
Night torpedo attacks on the part of
the Japanese fleet will, it Is believed, be
kept up so long as the Russian . fleet
maintains Its necessarily open position
outside of Port Arthur. This will be
done in the hope of breaking the Rus
sians' nerve..
The troops landing at Penyang will
be pushed toward the Manchurian fron
tier. Those at Fusan will proceed to
Seoul.
Unless Viceroy Aloxieff assumes the
aggressive no serious naval battle is
expected until the disembarkation of
the Japanese troops is completed.
•■ A disnatch from Rome saying that
the Japanese Government had pur
chased the Chilean battleship Capitan
Prat, the cruiser Chacahuco and the
gunboat Almirante Condell was pro
nounced untrue by Baron Hayashi. .
The Nippon company's London agents
have heard nothing of the alleged cap
ture of the steamship Inaba Maru near
Hongkong by Russian warships, as re
ported by a news, agency in the United
States to-day. It is asserted here that
Russia has no warships in x the vicinity
of Hongkong, and that, therefore, the
Inaba Maru cannot have been captured.
JAPAN'S VICTORIOUS SHIPS.
Vessels That Participated in the
Battle of Port Arthur.
CHEFU, Feb. 9.— The Japanese fleet
that defeated the Russians at Port
Arthur was under the command of
Vice Admiral Togo, and consisted of
four fast cruisers — theChitose, Kasagi.
Tagasago and Yoshlno, which circled
outside, drawing the fire of the Rus
sians. They then joined the main fleet
and all went in to attack the armored
cruiser.
In the main fleet, which consisted of
two divisions, were the Mikasa, the
flngship; the-, first-class battleships
Asahi, Fuji. Yashima, Shikishima and
Hatsuse. and the dispatch boat Tat
suma. -.. ... . ■ . ,••• ■ „ -■
The second division of the fleet,
under command of Admiral " Kami
mura on the flagship Idzumi, con
sisted of' the armored cruisers Yaku
mo, Asama arid Iwate.
JAPAN AT ST. LOUIS FAIR.
ST.' LOUIS, Feb. 9.— Nanjlme Ota,
Japanese Commissioner to the Louis
iana Purchase Exposition, received a
cablegram from the president of the
Japanese Commission, Kiyoura, to-day,
which said that the war would make
no difference with the exhibits of Japan
;j.t-tl.j fair. Kiyoura is the Minister
of Commerce and Agriculture of Japan.
The engagement at Port Arthur is
lookeJ upon by Kanzaki, acting com
missioner, as a Japanese victory. :■■
"It makes ho difference whether it is
a victory or not." he said. '•The Japan
ese will never, give up.'. They. will fight
always to the. end. ".We are a peculiar
people' In that a ; victory encourages us
much, while a defeat encourages us
<tlll more.'J^,
CRUSHING BLOW TO RUSSIA.
Consternation on Czar's Fleet After
the Japanese Attack.
LONDON, Feb. 9.— In a dispatch from
Chefu. dated February 9, a correspond
ent of the Da^ly Express says:
"The Japanese have dealt the Rus
sians a crushing blow at Port Arthur.
An advance squadron of the Japanese
fleet under command of Vice Admiral
Togo, and comprising sixteen battle
ships and cruisers, with a numerous
torpedo flotilla, left the main fleet off
Shantung Peninsula on Sunday, imme
diately when the news of the diplo
matic rupture became known. This in
formation was conveyed to the Japan
ese admiral by a destroyer dispatched
from Tsushima on Saturday evening.
"The Japanese scuuting cruisers had
given accurate information of the pre
carious situation of the Russian fleet
outside Port Arthur. The squadron
steamed slowly in battle formation on
Sunday at midday toward its goal and
came within sight of Port Arthur un
der cover of darkness. It continued
slowly outside without showing lights.
The Russians were lying in the road
stead, apparently, feeling secure from
attack. Nearly all the Japanese tor
pedo-boats were dispatched on their
dangerous and daring attack. They
rushed full steam on the enemy, who
were completely surprised.
A great rattle of small arms greet
ed the invaders, who. however, es
caped unhurt and the Retvizan. Cesar
evitch and Pallada were almost im
mediately torpedoed. The Japanese
dashed along the entire line of the
Russians exposed- now, to a terrible
fire from machine guns • and small
arms from both the ships and the
shore. There was the utmost con
sternation among the Russians, which
probably accounts for the Japanese
torpedo-boats escaping practically un
scathed and rejoining the admiral
butside.
The admiral's fleet during the at
tack kept out of the range of the Rus
sian searchlights. Line of battle was
formed and the Japanese fleet moved
in within a range of two and a half
miles and opened fire on the Russians.
. The booming of gun3 was heard far
out to sea by the officers and crew of
a Japanese ship which has arrived
here. The battle is understood to be
still raging and the wildest reports
arc current. The Chinese population
of Chefu is in a frenzy of excitement
at the reports that the Japanese, who
they now regard as their friends,
scored the first victory.
Warships Sail for San Domingo.
SAN JUAN. Feb. 9.— The cruiser
Dixie took coal here and sailed on rush
orders to Santo Domingo this after
noon. It is reported here that the
cruisers Montgomery and Detroit, now
at Culebra, have been ordered from
there to Porto Plata. - ;
, WASHINGTON, Feb. 9.— Drastic mea
sures will be taken by this Government
to end the anxiety in Santo Domingo.
Continued violation of international
law, the destruction of American prop
erty and disregard of foreign interests
have convinced officials that affairs
there can best be improved by force. Its
handling has been turned over to the
navy, and Secretary Moody is sending
to-night supplementary instructions to
Rear Admiral Wise, commanding the
training squadron now In . Dominican
waters, giving him wide latitude In the
course he is to follow. Rear Admiral
Wise has'been told, in a<word, to pro
tect by force -American interests and
to deal with each case on its own mer
its. The reports received from the Isl
and show, as an official expressed it
to-night, "that the condition of affairs
there Is •'semi-barbaric." It is believed
here that he has already taken steps
to^ obtain apology and full reparation
for the firing on the New York.
Cures Colds In China.
LAXATIVE HROMO QUININE. To get the
fitnulne, call for the full name. 25 cents. • ;
ADMINISTRATION TAKES A HAND
IN THE FAR EASTERN SITUATION
Asks Powers to Join in Action to Prevent Either
Russia or Japan From Reaping the
Fruits of Victory.
WASHINGTON*,. Feb. 9.— Secretary j
Hay has addressed an Identical note
to a number of European powers to
ascertain if they are willing- to Join in
a notice to Russia and Japan that
during hostilities and thereafter the
neutrality and integrity of China must
be recognized.
Details of the note are not obtain
able in advance of the receipt of re
plies. It is known, however, that ex
changes already have taken place
which justify the State Department in
expecting favorable responses .to its
note. The matter has created a great
sensation in diplomatic circles here.
It is further learned that the propo
sition of the United States contem- i
plates a restriction of hostilities and I
the consequent hardships of war to j
the smallest possible area. Just what
this means is not made eleifr to the
public, but the determination may
have the greatest effect upon the [
struggle between Russian and Japan, j
It is almost certain that neither will t
be allowed to invade China proper. |
meaning by that that they may not i
with hostile intent go southward be- 1
low Shanhaikwan, on the border line!
between Chili and Manchuria. It is
a grave question whether or not it will
apply also to Korea, which is striving
desperately to preserve neutrality and
preve,nt invasion, but the general
opinion is that It is too late in that
case to do more than seek to preserve
Korean Independence after the war.
No explanation is accorded as to
whether Manchuria itself, already the
scene of the first battle off Port Ar
thur, is, being part of Chfna, regarded
as being within the scope of the prop
osition, but here, as in the case of Ko
rea, it is believed that the determina
tion will not be reached before the
close of the war.
The exchanges* referred to. as pre
liminary to the issue of the note, have
been going on for several weeks in
anticipation of an outbreak of hostili
ties. It was at first supposed that the
intention was to do no more than to
open the door in Manchuria, but it is
apparent that there is a deeper pur
pose and that from the original
thought the proposition has grown in
to one that will conserve the territorial
Integrity of China. It Is pointed out
that some such outcome followed the
Chino-Japanese war. so that, after all,
the present action is within the line of
precedence.
It is understood in regard to restrict
ing warlike operations to the narrow
est possible limits that the .proposition
took the form, of a note to Russia ana
one to Japan suggesting snme such
limitation. In addition, the powers
were called on by the United States to
address themselves in the same fashion
to Russia and Japan, and it is intimat
ed that these suggestions have been
well received.
PARIS. Feb. 9.— United States Em
bassador Porter called at the Foreign
Office to-day and conferred with Del
casse, the Foreign Minister. The prin
ciples of Secretary Hay's note to the
powers are identical to those which
have been the features of France's Chi
nese policy, but in view of the out
break of hostilities it is believed here
that Delcasse will want to Inform .him
self of the views of the other powers,
especially Russia, on this question be
fore definitely committing the French
Government.
SUPPORT FOR HAY'S PLAN.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 9.—Announce
ment may be expected from the State
Department, probably to-morrow, of
the hearty indorsement by the Euro
pean powers of the note of Secretary
Hay calling on them to take concurrent
action with the United States in its ef
forts to insure the neutrality of China
and to confine' the Japanese-Russian
war to these two combatants. A suf
ficient number of governments already
have been heard from, including Great
Britain, to insure the success of Secre
tary Hay's latest diplomatic move.
Japan, it can be stated on the highest
authority, welcomes the action of this
Government, and while up to a late
hour to-night the Russian position has
not been ascertained, officials of the
State Department feel confident the
representations of this Government will
be received with favor at St. Peters
burg. It is felt that any official word
on the subject would be imprudent at
present, but it can be said that unof
ficially it was known in advance that
Germany and Great Britain and France
and Japan were all anxious that the
neutrality of China be preserved.
Unofficial pourparlers on the sub
ject were exchanged and it was pointed
out by European diplomats that the
United States held the key to the situa
tion, being free from entangling alli
ances. At the Japanese legation the
principle for which Secretary Hay is
contending is heartily indorsed.
NEUTRALITY ' OF AMERICA.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 9. — A*t the
Cabinet meeting to-day long and care
ful consideration was given to the sit
uation developed by the Russo-Japan
ese war. It. is not expected that tha
United States Government will be
drawn into the conflict, although- Its
progress will be watched closely and
anxiously by this Government. Early
to-day the President and Secretary
Hay^fas well as Secretaries Taft and
Moody, were placed in possession of
the news carried by the press of the
naval conflict near Port Arthur. Prior
to the Cabinet meeting this was the
only information concerning the bat
tle which had been received by the ad
ministration. Dispatches from Minis
ter Allen at Seoul, Korea, received
this" morning, did not mention th«>
naval engagement.
It was decided that the United States
should preserve absolute neutrality be
tween the combatants, but It is scarce
ly likely that a proclamation formally
announcing that decision will be made
until official advices ot the actual be
ginning of hostilities have been re
ceived. Admiral Evans' cruiser squad
ron will observe the naval operations
of the war.
The Cabinet also . discussed brjefly
the Panama canal situation, but no
Ir.f6rmtT.tion concerning the details of
the discussion were disclosed. ' *
Secretary Hay, who attended the
meeting to-day, is much improved In
health, and took an active part in the
deliberations.
Pleiades Safe In Port Arthnr.
CHEFU. Feb. 10.— The American
steamship Pleiades, . which sailed from
Seattle on January 2 with a cargo of
flour, has arrived at Port Arthur.
OKDEKS TO "FIGHTING BOB."
WASHINGTON, Feb. 9.— Orders were
cabled to-day to Rear Admiral Evans
to send his cruiser squadron, consist
ing of the Albany, New Orleans". Ral
eigh antl Cincinnati, from Subig Bay
to some point in Chinese waters yet to
be determined, for the purpose of ob
serving" the naval operations. It is ex
pected that the squadron can coal antl
get under way within two days.
Admiral Evans is expected fo keep
the battleship squadron in Philippine
waters throughout the period of hostil
ities between Russia and Japan. This
decision was reached at the Cabinet
meeting to-day after long considera-'
tlon. . It ha3 been definitely settled
that the cruiser squadron will not go
to Port Arthur.
Admiral Kvans is not instructed re
garding hip own movement, but it is
believed in naval circles that he will
transfer his flag to the Albany. -and
proceed northward with the squadron.
It is understood to-night that the
squadron will proceed from Sublg. Bay
to Hongkong and will not go farther*
north for the' present. In case no ex
ception is taken by either of com
batant powers, the feeling in naval ctr
cles is that the squadron should go on
to Chefu, so that the officers mav be ia
a position to observe the naval opera
tions. In case this is decided on sup
plementary orders will be cabled to>
Admiral Kvans.
McCpRMICK SENDS ADVICE.
Minister Finds Difficulties, In 'Getting
Accurate News.
, WASHINGTON. Feb. 'X— The Stata
! Department to-day received a cable
j gram from Embassador McCormick at
I St. Petersburg, confirming the press re
■ ports that three warships of the Rus
sian fleet had been damaged in an at
tack in the roads of the harbor at Port
Arthur by Japanese torpedo-boats.
The extent of the damage to the ves
i sols, it is said. Is unknown. This was
the first official information received
concerning the engagement."
McCormick suggests to the depart
ment that a complete telegraphic re
port of events in the Far East re
ceived in Washington will be of ma
terial assistance to him in interpreting
] the situation in St. Petersburg. He
j says that in the circumstances at St.
! Petersburg he is not able to comply
■ absolutely with the department's in
! structlons to keep it posted regarding
j developments of war in the Orient and
j indicates that it is impossible for him
j to obtain early and accurate news of
! the situation. He al3O adds that tM
[ has had to depend on representatives
of foreign governments even for in
formation from Washington.
Zithers made in Germany at a cost
of 5s 6d and 63 each are sold In Eng
land, it was stated In the Westmin
ster County .Court recently, at prices
ADVERTISEMENTS. ,
//^k% UNHAPPY hIv/^b*
Weakness in Men
A Michigan Specialist IFlnds an Easy
Way to Cure Any Case of Sexual
Weakness Even In the Oldest Men.
This Wonderful Cure Has a Most
Marvelous Record of Successes.
SENT FREE TO ALL WHO
APPLY IN WRITINO
There are thousands of cheerless homes
in this country filled with discontent and
unhappiness. lacking in love and com-
panionship through the sexual weakness
and physical Impairment of a man whosa
years do not Justify such a condition. In-
discretions, abuses and recklessness
often cause a temporary cessation of vi-
tal power that Instantly yields to tha
wonderful treatment , discovered by tha
great specialist. Dr. U. C. Raynor. of De-
i trolt, Michigan. It has remained for this
great physician to discover that sexual
weakness and similar troubles can be
cured and in remarkable short spaces of
time. This treatment docs: not ruin tha
stomach, adding the miseries such injury
entails, but It is a new treatment that
easily and quickly restores youthful
vigor to men as old as So.
The discovery la beyond doubt tha
most scientific and comprehensive that
our attention has ever been called to.
From all sides we hear private reports of
cures In stubborn cases of sexual weak-
ness, enlargement of the prostate, vari-
cocele. spermatorrhea. lost manhood, im-
potency. emissions, prematurity, shrur.k-
en organs, lack of virllo power.' tiashful-
ness and timidity and like unnatural con-
ditions. It does this without appliances,
vacuum pumps, electric belts or any-
thing of that kind^
- Satisfactory results are produced In a
day's . use and a perfect cure in a short
time, regardless of age or the cause of
your condition.
The lucky discoverer "imply desires to
get in touch with all men who can make
us,e of such a treatment. They should
! address him In confidence. Dr. H. C. Ray-
] nor. 177 Luck building. Detroit. Mich.,
and immediately on receipt of your name
; and address it is his agreement with this
paper to send you a free receipt or -for-
mula of this modern treatment by which
you can cure yourself at home.
/) visit DR. JORDAN'S oriatI
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY?
A Oj H51 HASXi; ST. tit 8:M7tt. 8.7.00.}
\ tSf. Tba Larr ett Anatomical Museum is tfca \
V ■£V*B<«k. World - Weakness** or tuy nmuitd A
O /SLfrjl b P= a *"" «>>'>« Cent E»>- 34 year*. ©
A 4fR*t| OR- JORDAH-O'SEASES OF MEN 4
\ |S»)8 Ci»o«ult»uo« free and ttrtetty prl-rite \
V i JWl B I***-"" 1 " 1 p*rso«a!l y or by le:t«. A g
\ 1*7 Ml **■*•• Can ia «»«ry ctn undertaken. W
ApH 11 9 Write for Ooek. PHILOSttrr«T •!* A
" ' tf ll T «*"ni.UK; mailed rniuP
A O /]• »»iu«ble book for mra) >
V DE JOBDA3I * CO.. 10S1 Market St.. 8. F V
O*e>^£>^>^-*v^^^^'^*^-C^,iText not availableText not availableText not availableText not availableMUDLARKS ARE SEEN AT THEIR BEST,
CAPTURING FIVE EVENTS AT INGLESIDE
Hildebrand Pilots
Three of the
Winners.
First choices in the betting display
ed no signs of bashfulness at Ingleside
yesterday, but Just helped themselves
to everything in sight.
There was one upset, when G. W.
Trahern defeated the odds-on favorite
P'erce J. ana this was the one occa
sion in which the slate was broken,
short-priced om-s annexing all the
other purt;es. The track was heavy,
and Murcsca, Eduardo. Ulctma, El
Piloto and Bombardier showed the con
fidence reposed in them was not ill
advised.
If Muresca could not win the open
ing six-furlong selling sprint it look
ed as if she should be consigned to the
tin can contingent. The mare out
classed her company shoes to plates in
the muddy groincr, and at odds of 4 to
5 won going away at the finish. Ad
irondack ran an indifferent second, a
ceck before Emily Oliver.
EDUARDO IS THE BEST.
Eduardo. from the Burns & Water
house stable, looked far and away the
l>est of those starting in the two-year
old scramble, and was installed a 4
to 5 choice. After a stormy passage,
during which be was cut off. bumped
and scared by a shadow, the son of
Kddie Jones won easily from Edith
Vice. Steel Wire was third.
Hildebrand spent no idle moments on
Ulctma, favorite for the five-furlong
Felling affair. The "Seattle Interur
ban," a 3 to 4 investment around post
time, made all the running, and was
straight as a Seattle sport at the wire
to beat Amasa a neck. Rustic Girl
downed Rollick for the show. This was
a pretty race throughout, and the as
sociation should see That some more
like it .are placed on the menu every
'day.
After Hullmans ridiculous ride on
Pierce J. the 4 to 5 favorite for the mile
and fifty yard run. that rider should
tit himself down on the ground for a
fortnight at least. At the start Shee
han went away in the lead with <J. W.
Trahern. a 20 to 1 shot, the favorite
and supporting company trailing. En
tering the stretch. Sheehan made a
wide turn, but Bullman astride the
favorite not to be outdone, went even
wider. On the better horse Bullman
finished second, beaten a length by the
rank outsider. Hildebrand saved near
ly a dozen lengths on the stretch turn
with Norford finishing a good third.
HILDEBKAND IX FORM
Simply by outfir.ishing Kunz on
Mimo. Hildebrand was enabled to put
El Piloto over the plate first in the
seven-furlong selling: number. At the
start, El Piloto, an even money fav
orite, was cut off, and this gave Kunz
an opportunity to steal away in the
lead with Mimo. Hildebrand hugged
the rail with the favorite, and finally
getting up on even terms with the
leader in the stretch, earned a nose
decision. LJyronerdale ran an improved
race, finishing a good third. Prince
Blazes ran as if he had never seen a
muddy track.
Ebony was reported to be coughing,
or coffin, one or the other, and his price
went from 6 to 5 to 8 to 5 in the bet
ting in the final Futurity course sprint
f<«r three- year-olds. The report must
have had some foundation, for Ebony
ran last, iust where all good 6 to 5
changes ought to run from a book
makers standpoint. The smart set un
loaded on Bombardier and with Hilde
brand up. the gelding scampered in
ahead of Red Bird and Riesca.
NOTES OF THE TRACK.
The $1000 handicap at one and a six
teenth miles is the feature event of the
card this afternoon.
G. W. Trahern, owned by Joe Quin
lan. winner of the fourth race, was bid
up from $400 to 1700 by E. Tierney. On
Monday Quinlan claimed Albemarle
from a race, and Tierney was simply
retaliating.
ENTRIES FOR TO-DAY.
First race — Six furlongs, three-year-olds,
•ellics.
KM Et Tu Brute <Moran) 107
5"»C! Hulford (Stover) W7
639* "Emil (Williams! 105
5982 "Shorty Kane tMiller & Co.) 105
S:;7:i Prim Miss (Murray) 105
f.:*2 Jack Little iHnr) 107
6672 "Doris ill. Jones) 101
6918 "Mendota <Nara Stock Farm) ICO
.... Hogarth (Carmu4y) 107
Second ra*** 1 — Five and a half furlongs, four
year-olds and up. celling.
6W.1 Mr. Farnhem 1 McCafferty) 103
XMOrt "Adnor <Jon»*> K>«
TW.% He* llo»pwatt-r «N!cholIs) 107
SUM r*an£idat» iRowell) liifl
C'<7S 6am I>«zarug E*n. <Stoer) 112
TiU'H Jf-an Gravi»r <H^ck>-r> K19
KJSO £*yptian J'rinc-sii <O Kourke) 107
Ki*» r'irnrlma 'BocttRfr 1»»7
r.7«<; Suburban Qup»"n (Winter) 102
MS Solinus \JjBTjr) 10»
ThirJ rarf — Futurity- rouri^e, three-year-olds
and up. •-■::■./.
MM 'Standard (McAl<-ftrr) 94
Distribution «N>il» D«(
6318 Instrument fMcAUister & Co.) 101
fiWiS The Pride <Ncali-) 11«
MM iKucolir <Kin«;) 1051
r.rtw» •LaiisiJonn' (Fitzgerald) 104
Fi*'M J^morle •Ulpslnsam'') 101
f.77<> (juizz II -M'-Cafrerty) 116
f.Kvr; "Harbor (Hour II .'. VH
r.'i.VJ r^lonius (Stewart & Co.) 112
.... Dust? Miller (Sheridan) 101
Fourth rai-*- — Mil" and a sixteenth, three
year-olds and up, handicap. ,«
CS33 6t— ra il^nt'rnuin) .'J10
f*.11 Grafter < Ria*inuame) ....101
ftf>71 BUI llatsie (MrAlester) 97
M)57 Kenilworth <Stover) 115
' IKMS Judse (Daly) r fl5
fitWO Major TVr.ny (Piedmont Stable) 87
f.r»CO Joe Lesser (Beam*) 102
Fifth race — Three-. juarter*- of a mile, four
yar-olde and up, wHlnR.
r,a.T'S "Halnautt <Thf:m«8 4: Reavey) {43
KM *Thf Don fRowell) 1U4
" f.WC» TKOXtttM (Fallansbee) ;. »(|
SK74 »H»d Pan (Green) in;,
BS12 Fair Lady Anna (MrCafTerty) !i3
CQS9*Colooel Van (Fountain) .09
F;xili race — Mile and fifty yards, four-year
oldc and uj>.
. r ,:*KI «Fioutonnelre (Jones) ..102
&'.»::.■: j'ierce J (Stover) .110
r»093 Arthur Ray (Clayton) 110
' T;9S1 "First Chip (Fitzgerald) 105
T,'Xa "Mr Dlnjtlc (Judpe) id5
r.Ksi Chtrkad'e (McCaffeTty) H»5
WM Princ* Biases (Shannon) 107
KfTO Yellowstone ( Fine> 110
> • Arrrentlc-e allowance.
PE03 ABLE WINNERS.
.'list race — Et Tn Brute, Half ord, Eo-
Seccad race — Suburban - Queen, Jean
.• raricr, Cameletta. . I
Tfcird race— Quiz II. Lansdowne, Dusty
rriller.
Fourth race — Stujve, Grafter, Bill
r.tasiic. *
Fifth race— Sad Sam. Futurita. Hain
ralt.
Sixti race— Pierce J, Chickadee, Mr.
Dlnzle.
i:iect Clcaring-House Ofliccrs.
At a meeting of the San Francisco
Clearing-house yesterday the follow
ing officers were elected:
President. William Alvord: vice president.
Hi.rner f*. King; secretary, Frederick W. Zeile;
clearing-house committr* — William Alvord
• chairman), J. Etelnhart, S. G. Murphy.
James K. WHson." " A. Kaln« (accrotary);
Charles Kleopor. manager, and J. T. Burke,
usitt&nt manacrr.
Cures Cold* fu Germany.
LAXATIVE nROMO QCIXIXE- To get the
•Tcnuine. ca'.l for the full name. 25 cent*. •
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
IKGI.ESIDE KACETBACK — TUESDAY, Feb. 9. — Weather fine. Track muddy.
SIMM). FIRST RACE>— Six furlongs; selling; 4 -year-olds and up; value to first. 1325.
Index' Horse and Owner. Wt St.'Vi- &• %. Str. Fin. I Jockey. OP- C>.
r.n58 Muret-ca. 5 (Mrs. Miller) 105 1 ... 11 12^13 15 J.Martin.. 9-10 ■ 4-5
5954 Adirondack i (Shannon) |l00 2 ... 2 % 2 1'42 I 2 n J. Daly 5 8-2
KftM itlmiiy Oliver. 6 ill. H. Clark)|107 0 ...0B 5 1^3 2 3 3 C. Kelly ..10 13
5ni» ITeufel 8 <\V P Magrane). .. 102 3 ... 3 1^3 2 4n 4T Hildebrand 8 »
r>9CS Dr. Sherman C (M. L White) 07 7 ... 7 n 6 % 5 2Vs° n Vandrbout o0 <f>
T>HGH Wyoming. a(G. Berry) 102 S ... 8 8.72 65 J. T. Shehn 12 50
S9S0 Foul Play, a (J. Nichols) 105 5 ... fi n 7 % 8 1 Vt Bell, 12
5030 ,Lou Clleveden. a (McDowell) 100) 4 ... 4 1H4 n 6 % 8 Connell .... 10 m
Time— :25. :.'.OVi. 1:17. At post 3 minutes. Off at 2:06. Muresca. place, 2-5; show, out.
Adirondack, place 1; show 1-2 Oliver, show 3-2. Winner, br. m. by Prestonpans-
Mura. Trained by R D. Miller. Scratched— Candidate, Sol Llchtensteln. Pruewood.
Chileno. Start good. ' Won very easily Next two driving hard. Winner outclassed his
# company. Adirondack ran to form. Emil y Oliver still In the third row. Saddle on Dr.
Sherman slipped. Foul Play may do better on the dry. . >
5OO1. SECOND RACE— Three and a half furlongs; selling; maiden 2-yr.olds; to first. $325.
Index! Horse and Owner. Wt St. \'t ■ %• *'* ■ Str. Fin. , Jockey. I Op. ■ Cl.
:W67|FMuardo (B. & W.) Ill 4 3 n 4 3 ,1 2 . Bullman .. , -4-5 .7-10
507U lEdith Vice (P. Hildreth) 109 2 1 l'/al n 2 2 ' J. Martin.. 6 4 ;
0763 ; Steel Wire (.H. Stover) 104 5 5 5 3 2>i3 2t$tHlldebrand 3. 5 •
iMologna (E. W Fitzgerald). . 100 7 2n 2n 4 4 Roach 40 J.0 .
5907 jMlxs Claude (Hamilton Sta). 109 3 4^5 10 SC J. Daly 30 50 .
5r>G7 iNell Pullivan (J H. Pratt).. 100 1 7 1 7 12 « n |Haack 20 40
57CS IMlss Tonopah <\Va*hoe Stable)! 10»| 6 6 2 6 n 7-20 I J. T. Shehn 40. 100.;
[ ICardlnal Harto (Summers). . .|ll2| 8 S 8 8 IC. Kelly... 20 CO. ;
I Time— :25*4. M*^. At pout 5>£ minutest Oft at 2:36V-/ Eduardo. place, "l-4;.show, out. L
• Vice, place. 4-5; phow. out. Wire, show, 1-2. Winner, b. g. by Eddie Jones -Duckling.' I
I Trained by D. Stone. Start good Won In a hard drive of three. Winner pounds j
ih? host. Was cut off and otherwise messed about. Steel Wire would have been sec-.-..
end but for being cut off. Bologna wll 1 take some beating next time out. Cardinal
Sarto ran away before the start. • -■ >
] C0U2. THIRD RACE— Five furlongs; selling; 4-year-olds and up; value to first. $325. :
Index! Horse and Owner. [WtjSt. U- \b~. \. Str. Fin. -Jockey. Op. Cl. '
535S irirtma 5 {XV. S. Robb) 102 3 ... 1 l»jl l'Jl 1^1 n Hildebrand 7-10 3-4
5955 | Amasa, a (M. M. Rowley)... Ill 1 ... 2 % 2 2^.2 3 2 3 Bullman .. 6 S
CS4S Rustic Girl C (Fitzgerald)... 97 4 ... 6 »,i 5 n "8 2 3 3 Roach 20 60
M.\S Rollick 6 (M. Jonesj 109 6 ... 7 4 4 h 4 n" '4 n J. Daly 8 . 10
5t«5S Algaretta a (J. A Murray).. 102 7 ... 5 1 7 3 7 1 5 5 Crosswalte 15 40
I 6058 lAdnon 5 <F. Jones) j 09 2 ... 3 lVi3 % 5 >* 6> Kunz 20 16 J
I (59O6)lfiklp Me. ti (Madison &. Co.).. 107 S ... S 8,8 7 3 J. Martin.. 6. 13 i
59«8 [Goddess of Night, ti <Parka).!lQ7 5 ..; 4 1 62 On 8 . W.' Dugan. 10 10 f
Time — :25. :51>i, 1:03 s ;. At post 3 minutes. Off at 3:03. Ulctma, place, 1-3; show, out.
Amaw, place, 5-2; show, 1. Girl, show, 4. "Winner, b. m. by Salvador-Lightning.
Trained by E. Harmon. Start srood. Won in a hard drive of three. Ulctma received
excellent handling. Long price against Amasa. Rustic Girl came from quite a ways
back. Rollick ran a queer race. " Adnor quit. Skip Me no mud runner. Throw out
this race of Goddess of Nieht.
.".!»!»:{. FOURTH RACE — One mile and fifty yards; selling; 4-year-olds and up; to first, $325.
Index Hcrse and Owner. IWtlSt. \i . %. Str. Fin. I Jockey. Op. Cl.
T.044 G. W Trahern. 5 (Quinlan)!. J113! 4 1 ]U,1 2 12 13 11 |J. T. Shehn 12 20
51*44 Pierce J, 5 (H. Stover) |ll2| 3 52 2h 22 22 2 3 Bullman ... 7-10 4-5
59*1 iNorford. 6 (C. 11. French) ... 1107 57 6n534332>£ Hildebrand 7 l»
50CS iMountebank a (Keating) jlO9j 2 4 n 3 1^3 2 3 n 4 10 J. Martin.. 7*7
5942 Arthur Ra>% 5 (Clayton) 109| 7 6h 5h 4 2U6 8 5 3% Haack 8 6
K«56 Niljtar. a (S. A. Leiser) 10»i 6 3 1^7 7 7 « 1 W. Dugan.. 40 10o
5360 Klckumboh. a (Walz & Co.). 109 1 2 n 4 =■; 6 2 6 2'47 J. Daly 8 15
Time— :25^i, :50 :v 4 . 1:16%; 1:45. 1:48. At p>>st >i minute. Cfft at 3:25^. Trahern, place.
0; show. 5-2. Pierce J. place, 2-5; show, 1-4. Norford. show. (i-5. Winner, b. g. by
Rear Guard-Rhetta B. Trained by J. Quinlan. Start bad. Won ridden out. Next two
drlvine. Pierce J was best and would have won had Bullman not lost an acre of ground
on stretcn turn. Norford no account. Too far for Mountebank. Arthur Ray was away
Doorly and had no chance. Winner bid up from $400 to $700 by E. Tierney; retained.
r»!CM. FIFTH RACE — Seven furlongs; selling; three- year- olds and upward; to first, $325.
Index] Horse and Owner. Iwtist. *i . %. %. Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
ri^CS El Piloto 6 (H. W. Hoae).. 1071 1 . r » 3 4 »; 8 " 2 1V.1 ns Hildebrand 1 - 1
(.'•023) 'Mimo 4 (P Sheridan)... 1041 4 1 li^l 2^1 1'Al »i 2 3 Kunz 11-5 6-2
"jy42 iByronerdale, 4 <J. M. Crane). |109| (J 2^2 3 2 % 3 3 3 « J. Martin.. 0 «
58."* Doreen ."> iBottKer & Co.)... 1021 8 4 :t 5 3 4 1'jt 5 4 2 W. Duean. ; 30 60
6838 Virgie d'Or, « (Becker) 104 7 :> «; :t n 5 7 5 0 5 7 Bell 20 12
5123 jOoM Finder, a (Fitzgerald). . 112 2 7 2 <i 3 6 lVa« 2 « n Stuart 30 . «0
5777 'Prince Maze* a (Shannon)... 112 3 S H 8 7 3 7 8 T. Butler.. H> 25
5'MM [Emll. 3 <T. J. Williams) tfO 8 B H 7 4 7 2U8 8 R. Butler.. 40 100
Thne — :25, :5<JU. l:17»-j, 1:30^. At post 1 minute. Off at 3:."2. Piloto. place, 2-5;
show. out. Mimo, r'l&ce. 7-10; show, out. Byronerriale. show. 3-5. Winner, br. g. by
Gano-Clodomlro. ■ Trained by H. W. Hoag. Scratched — Sir Tom Tiddler, Ethel Ab
bott. Start fair. Won in a very hard drive of three. Cut off at start. Hildebrand won
hy huRgintr the rail and then outflnlshing Kurz. Byronerdale showed improvement.
Virile d'Or must «=ulk. Prince^ J>lazes_ no jsgeed.
1 TiiiUTi. SIXTH RACE — Futurity course; selling; three-year-olds; value to first. $325.
! index Horse and Owner. IWtjSt. >i". \T. %. Str. Fin. Jockey. I Op. cT.
(5947) Bombardier <F. Skinner) 101 5 ... 2 n 2 3 2 3 1 2'i Hildebrand 2 3-2
591 S Red Bird (E. Slaughter) 5M> 2 ... 13 12 1 I>i2 2 |L. Jackson. 7 8
%50 Riesca (O. W. Boesecke) fl»7 ... «2 5 3 42 34 |Cross 15 20
5K94 (The Jew (R. Wilson* S>6 4 ... B *i 7 7 4 3 R. Wilson.. 00 100
! 5701 iSilicate (W. B. Jennings) 1O4 I ... :: 1 Vi-t H « 1»5 n J- Martin.. 10 s
Orso <J D. Fitzgerald) 109 6 ...7 6n52 «2 Haack 20 50
I (r.922)! Ebony (Hamilton Stable) |113|3 ... 4h 4 l'j.S n 7 J. Daly tt-5 S-5
■ Time— :25U :5Oi4. 1:15. At post % minute. Off at 4:ir.i^. Bombardier, place, 1-2;
phow. out. Bird, place, 2; show. 1. Riesca. show. 3. Winner, b. c. by Maxio-Middle
Dwyer Trained 'by E. J. Ramsey. Scratched — Modred. Start (rood. W r on easily. Next
two driving. ' Red Bird is fast, but weakens In the stretch. Bombardier well ridden.
Riesca did well. Ebony had been coughing and should not have been gent to the post.
NEILL YIELDS
IN ONE ROUND
The Boxer Is Beaten by the
Dixie Kid in Oakland After
Two Minutes of Fighting
Al Neill was knocked out at the Se
quoia Club. Oakland, last night after
two minutes of fighting with Dixie Kid,
the colored boy from Los Angeles. Neill
might as well have been a bag of beans
for all the showing he made. The
fighting game is apparently not for him
any more.
The colored man opened the battle
at once and in a minute drove Neill
to the ropes with a couple of smashes
to the head and body. Another pair
of swings drove Neill again to the
ropes. The white man got out from
under and backed across the ring only
to be hurt with body smashes that
sent him to the floor. He stayed down
nine seconds and got himself together
lc-ngr^nough to withstand a bunch more
of driving rights and lefts. One ter»
rifle left to the stomach was followed
by a pair of drives that ended the flght
and settled XeiU as a fighting man.
The first blow landed by the "Kid" set
tled the fight. Neill appeared out of
condition. He was drawn, haggard
and lean.
Th^re was no excusV of an even
match between the men. "Spider" Kelly
was Neill's chief coach, but the long
second did not have, a, chance to say
a word or to make a motion. It was
over too soon.' "Biddy" Bishop second
ed "Dixie," who did not have to flght
hard enough to warm up. The crowd
was not sure why Neill was allowed
to go into the ring after seeing the
wretched showing he made.
Followers or the upon look for more
evenly matched contestants. One-sided
events of the character given last night
always leave. the doi/r open for doubt
and suspicion. This is not the first
fight conducted by the Sequoia club
that has been free from the showing
that causes Justifiable criticism of the
contests. The betting yesterday after
noon was at even money, but last night
the "Kid" was backed down to 6 to 10
favoritism. Phil Wand was referee of
the event. \
Spike Foley gat the decision over
Paul Crump in four rounds. Patsy Ho-
Ranand Joe Reilly fought a six-round
draw.
NORTH SHORE ROAD '' IS iv-V'
,^ INCREASING EQUIPMENT
Cars Ordered and Auxiliary Power
Stations to Be Built at Sausalito
v;. and San Anselino.
The management of the North Shore
road has awarded contracts for the
construction of additional storage bat
tery plants at Sausalito and San An
selmo, which, when, finished, will give
the company ample power to meet all
requirements of anticipated increased
traffic over its euburban system during
the coming busy se.ison. ';•■
The work of establishing the auxil
iary stations will be completed late in
the 3pring bo as to be in readiness for
the summer service. The company
has also begun building eight motor
coaches, which , will be so arranged
that they can either be operated as
motors or ulitized aa part o$a regular
train. The cars will be ready for ser
vice when the new time card goes into
effect in April.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, .WEDNESDAY,: FEBRUARY 10, 100*.
HOBART PLAYS
IN GOOD FORM
Although Out of Practice and
Overweight He Shows to
Advantage on Polo Field
The English pbloists appeared on the
Burlingame Country Club field yester
day for the first time, but not In a
tournament match, as was expected.
They wanted an opportunity to -try out
their ponies before entering upon the
severe work which tournament play
involves. The game was fast, how
ever, and was full of desperate gallop
ing.
In order to accommodate all the
players the teams were changed three
times, each being allotted two periods
of play. The first lineup was:
REDS WHITER.
C Garland Captain Chaplin
T. A. Drlpcnll t N'ell Haig
W. K. Hobart F. J. Mackey
E. Ezra L. McCreery
Richard McCreery. referee, and Cyril Tobln,
timekeeper.
Basil V.Iliams, E. W. Horrard! Peter
D. Martin and W. A. McCreery appear
ed later In the game. At the end of
five periods of play the score was four
to four. ■ %
Chief interest centered in the appear
ance of Captain Neil Haig and of Wal
ter Hobart. Although the latter waa
overweight and out of practice he
showed he was still in the game and
that with a little practice he will play
his old time game. He was unusually
well mounted.
Captain Haig filled all expectations.
He is the hardest hitter ever seen on
a California field and, despite his
weight, seems to take but little out
of a pony. His strokes are as sure and
as clean cut as those of a tennis player
and the ball is sent' a great distance.
The veteran F. J. Mackey comes back
this year a little ruddier of complexion
and a trifle more rotund of form, but
he is still the same desperate player.
Lawrence McCreery furnished the
surprise of the day. He picked the ball
out of a scrimmage in midfleld and ran
it across the field. He finally placed it
between the posts by a most difficult
shot at an odd angle. He was roundly
applauded by the players and the spec
tators alike.
The tournament game scheduled for
yesterday will be played this afternoon.
The second game will be played to
morrow as originally scheduled and
the deciding game on Saturday morn
ing. '
It was announced yesterday that
Charley- Dunphy, who, is the best Amer
ican player in the number one posi
tion, will not be able to play this year.
He collected a grand stable of ponies
and the disappointment both- to him
self and to his friends ls*.keen. He
would be pitted against Neil Haig in
a game and there is a general desire
to see him oppose the clever English
player in at least one match.
Chinese Substitutes Sentenced.
Lee Sing Gee, Yee Lee, Wong Sang
Quong and Lee Gun, who pleaded
guilty last Monday to having allowed
themselves to be substituted in the
Gamble-Dasha-Dempsey-Burnett case,
were sentenced yesterday by United
States. District Judge de Haven to
ninety days' imprisonment * in- the
County Jail and to pay a fine of $100
each. . .
There is something crooked in the
conscience that insists only on eccen
tricity. Hit^ .---;
FAVORITE WINS
FEATURE RACE
Warte Nieht Justifies the
Confidence » of Backers in
Ascot Park Track Event
FLOURISH IS . BARKED
Bolts at the Head of Stretch,
Ruining the Chances of
Milas, and Cannot Run Again
LOS ANGELES, Feb. [ 9.— Favorites
were not much in evidence at Ascot to
day and the twelve books^ept a con
siderable portion of the money han
dled. The race of the day was the
fourth, at a mile and a sixteenth, which
brought out most of the good horses
at the track. Warte Nicht was. made
favorite and was well supported at 2 to
1. Rag Tag -was second choice at 4V£
and Fortunatus third choice at 11 to 2.
They finished in that order. Tax Man,
Paul Whaley and Princess Tulane were
played heavily, but did not get' inside
the money. '
A field of fifteen went to the post in
the first race. All Aboufat 6 to- 1 was
the victor, with Turtle second and Ulm
third. -The favorite, 'Louwelsea, Was
.practically left at the post. .
The; wild horse Flourish caused Milas
to lose the second race by bolting ' at
the head of the stretch, carrying Milas
across the track and out of his stride.
Sir .Hugh, the favorite, came .through
and' vvon, Milas finishing -second and
Hotaage third. Flourish will not be al
lowed to start again. He bolted in a
Jumping .race some time ago arid
caused Limber. Jim to fall and break- a
le'g^ « '.' . , * :
Carnival surprised the talent by tak
ing the .third race at 10'to 1. Sals, the
favorite, was second and Rough and
Tumble \ third. . ,.. , ;
The game mare Sallie Goodwin won
again to-day from Dollie Weithoft in
the' fifth race. Metlakatla was third, i]
Little Margaret was best in the, last
race and w r on. handily* from Jim Hale,
with -Galanthus third. Florestan was
played for a killing, but was practical
ly left at the post.
Jockey E." Walsh left for New Or
leans to-day to ride for H. Griffith's
stable at that place. Weather perfect,
track good. • :'A . .-
SUMMARY.
First race mile and seventy qards, sell-
Ing — All About 105 (Prior), (i to 1, won; Turtla
95 (Slnnott), 15 to 1, eecond; Ulra 105 (Law
rence). 20 to 1, third. Time." 1":48. Rosserie,
Xat Goodwin, Gray Morn, Emir, Capitol. Tom
ahawk. Gllbral Tar, Helen Woods. Pirato,
MacGyle. Ping and Louwel3ea also ran.
Second race. mile, selling — 8lr Hugh 121
(Redfern), 2 to 1. won; Milas 124 (Donovan),
7 to 5. second: Homage 119 (Waterbury). 5O
to 1, third. Time, 1:42. Buccleuth, Jingler
and Flourish also ran.
Third race. Slauson course, purse — Carnival
100 (M. Johnson). 8 to 1, won; Sals 112 (Red
fern), even, second: Roujth and Tumble 112
(J. Boland). 8 to 3, third. Time, 1:10%. Klein
wood and Bantjuero also ran.
Fourth race, one and a sixteenth miles,
handicap — Warte Nlcht 10S (Buxton). 2 to 1,
won; Ra< Tn* 08 <L. Spencer), 0 to 2. second;
Fortunatug 102 (Feicht). 11 to 2, third, lime,
1:48U. Princess Tulane, Paul Whaley and
Tax Man also ran.
Fifth race, six and a half furlongs, selling —
Sallte Goodwin 110 (Prior), 11 to 5, won; Dollle
Wcithort 111 (Buxton), 2 to 1. second; M<?t
lakatla «8 (J. Lewis). 5 to 1, third. Time.
1*22^. Educate. Phyz and Athelrose also ran.
Sixth race, six furlongs, selling — Dttle Mar
garet 103 (J. .Lewis), 4 to 1. won: Jim Hale
113 (J. Boland), 7 to 2. second; GalnnthU3 102
(Buxton). 10 to 1. third. Time. 1:15%. Flor
ettan. Decimo. Rio Chlco. Cardwellton, Mu
rad. Merwan and Laureates also ran. _ .
CXiAUDE IS ASSIGXED
TOP WEIGHT IX HANDICAP
Mike Daly's Derby Winner JIas the
Place of Honor In Ascot « v
Park Event.
LOS ANGELES. Feb. 9.— Following
are the weights for the Ascot Handi
cap with 52500 added money, to be run
next Saturday, at one mile, and a
quarter:
Claude, 124; Oarsman, US: Haviland,
112; Namtor, Lucien Appleby. 110; Ar
gregor, 108; Incubator. Charawind. 105;
Carat, 104; His Eminence, Our Bessie,
Yellow Tall, Alfredo, Caliban, 102: Ni
trate Orsina, Horatius, Rough Rider,
Sidonia, Examiner, 100; Eonic, 99; For
master, I Know. 98; Bacchus, John
McGurk, Borghesi, Prince Hoadley,
Dupont, Esherin, Lacy Crawford, Ad
metus, Erne, 95; Orfeo. Glennev'is, 93;
Grail, Buccleuth, Instructor, Mosketo,
Miropette, 92; Diamente. Dargin, Ge
heimness, Pirato, Dodie S, Mistletide,
Pat Bulger, Keogh, Scepter, Pastmas
ter, Fading Light. Elwood, Ismad, Dr.
Shorb, Rian, Lemco, Potrero Grande,
90.
Xcw Orleans Race Results.
NEW ORLEANS, Feb. 9. — Crescent City
results;
First race, mile and nn eighth, selling —
Kxapo won. ' Rleon second, Buglehorn third.
Time, 2:00 3-5.
Second race, six furlongs — Typhonlc won.
Caterpillar second. Koue third. Time, 1:17 2-B.
Third race, seven furlongs, selling— Russell
Garth won, > Royal Pirate second, Arnold K
third. Time. 1:31 2-.V
Fourth race, six furlonsrs, handicap — Katie
Powers won. Mad Mulla.li second. Harmakls
third Time, 1:1".
Fifth race, mile and five-eighths, gelling —
Sidney Sabath finished first, but was dis
qualified: Compass won. Eliza Dillon, eecond,
Slddons third. Time. 2:56.
Sixth race, five furlongs — Diaphanous won.
Josette second. Laura . Hunter third. Time,
1 :02.
Iiadles Postpone Golf Contest.
The qualifying round, over eighteen
holes, medal play, of the competition
for the Council's Cup for women of
the San Francisco Golf Club was not
played yesterday morning on the Pre
sidio links. The ladies are just now
so much engrossed with, social gay
eties that a tramp over the links at
9:30 a. m. does not look good to them.
The competition, which is the. third
to be held for the trophy during the
present season, has been postponed to
a later date not yet fixed.
When you shut the eyes in prayer
you open the heart on heaven.
, ADVERTISEMENTS.
. ' ■ ■ . » ■
AMERICAN
* CLEAR HAVANA <k.
/I ~ *-'* a ■ ' ic a ~\7 c\ TD nnrT? 1 \
Y FASTIDIOUS SHOKERS. 1/
>\ CHAS. MATTHEAS <2f CO., A
. \V DISTRIBUTERS, S. F:. J/
'£;•]?$ HATLWAY TRAVEL.
M J^erhaps not to-morrow or next week — but some day you are going east.
H Naturally you want to go the way that is safe, comfortable, interesting, economical I
M The Burlington Overland Excursions leave California on certain days of every [I
II week for all the principal eastern cities reached via St. Louis and Chicago. The excur- j
H- sions travel in Pullman tourist sleeping cars, thro' Salt Lake City and Denver, passing fj
H the grand scenery of the Rocky Mountains by daylight. The cost of a double berth, j I
||: comfortable for two persons, is $6.50 to St. Louis and $7.00 to Chicago. An II
11. experienced special conductor is in charge of each excursion. 11
II Let me tell you more about this good way of going east. Just send me the coupon, l-j
k| / W. D. SANBORN, General Agent Burlington Route, S '* [
jJH 631 Market Street. SAN FRANCISCO. J
|1 ., ' Please send me complete information about the Burlington } j
H ( Two fast traini daily, from Denver to St. Louis Overland Excursions. ['j
|a ■ and Chicago — Burlington all the way. i ||
H - *;■■ Name . |j
Address ', p. Q
IB ■ tf^B ■ l9l * € i00^£^S* *■ >affittMHKl
)C3 kJ It, arm ft. mS • _^^ j*~*j^ v L L \ \ **
pl iM W^sF —^ S^y* 7 ? I \ \ .V
I Liniifeu.
I better than, 'other trans- W&E Sfflm*''*'
H by way of El Paso through a •
ra «■ land .where winter U unknown.
H Tickets, berths and literature f
P ait thb office as also at all m ii-Jfifil^BSifc-ig.
|| Southern Pacific ticket offices. VB»>|MaKflw|g»U^
f "Vx/ 1 . C. A. RUTHERFORD, J^^JjinS,
District Passenger Agent, MPiSaCArioelJS'M
| .. ;. 623 Market St., San Francisco. Cal. BasV^^^^^^
■ TOSANRAFAEL,
ROSS VALLEY. \
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc.
via Sausallto Ferry.
Suburban Service, Standard Gauge Electric—
Depart from San Francisco Dally-7:00. S:00.
9:00. 10:00. 11:00 a. m.. 1^-20, 1:4S. 4:lu.
5 : 15 6 15 7:00. 8:45. 10:20. 11:45 p. m.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
—Dally 5^5. 6^35. 7:40. 8:35. 9:35. 11 :00 a.
m.. 12:20 1:45; 2:55. 3:45. 4:45. 6:45. «:45.
6: FROM TO SAN FRAN-
CISCO— Daily. 5:45. 6:55. 7:52. 8:55. 9:55.
11 .rJWaTm.. 12:35. 2:00. 3:15. 4:05. 5:05. 6:05.
7:05. 9:00. 10:35 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
8 - 00 a m dally— Cazadero and way stations.
5:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted)—
Tcmalea and way utatlons.
3:15 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way »ta-
Sundays only— 10 a. m.. Point Reyes and
way stations.
TICKET OFFICE— 62ft Market «t.
FERRY— Union Depot, foot of Market «t.
Bowlers Form National League.
CLEVELAND, O., Feb. 9.— Peace be
tween New York and Chicago at the
■National. Bowling Tournament, estab
lished to-day, will result in the forma
tion of a National League to be run
on the same lines as the baseball
leagues. Teams aspiring for member
ships are: Brooklyn, n'ew York, Phila
delphia, Washington, Newark, N. J.;
Detroit, Chicago, Milwaukee and Buf
falo. There will be eight teams in the
league.
American Henley I>ates.
PHILADELPHIA, Feb. 9. — The re
gatta of the American Rowing Asso
ciation, popularly known as the Amer
ican Henley, will be held this year on
May 30. The managing stewards .of
the association have decided upon that
date in preference to July 2, when the
races were held last year. The latter
date was found too late for full repre
sentation from the colleges.
Stanford May Meet Nevada.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Feb. 9.—
Track Manager W. P. Catlin of the
University of Nevada has had a con
ference with Treasurer D. V. Cowden
of the Associated Students of Stan
ford with reference to securing a track
meet between Nevada and Stanford
this spring. No definite action has
been taken as yet, but it is likely Stan
ford will accept Nevada's challenge.
CALIFORNIA
LIMITED TO CHICAGO
LEAVES DAILY
at!):,",Oa. ra., throug-h la 3 days,
with diner and all trapping's.
Other Santa Fe Trains:
I : o2 a ' !U"\ 'or Stockton. Fresno. Bakersfleld.
loo m'j" Merced - Hanford and Visalia.
4:00 p.m. for Stockton.
S:00p. m. for Kansas City. Grand Canyon and
Chicago.
TICKET OFFICES — 641 Market St. and
Perry Depot. S. T. Also 1113 Broad-
way. Oakland. Cal. 37 South First
St- San Jo«a. .
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
U.H FRANCISCO ANj NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Titraron Ferry, root oX Market Street.
SAN FBAHCISCO TO SAN BA7AI2Z*,
WEEK DAYS — T:3W, 0:0O. 11:00 a. m.; i:i:3o.
3:30, 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Kxtra trip
at 11:3U p. m.
Saturdays^ — Kxtra trip at 1:30 and 11:30 p.m.
SUNDAYS— 8 :OO. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30.
6:00. «:20. 11:30 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— ti:03. 7:35. 7:!io. O:'.^. 11:15
a. rn. ; 12:50. 3:40. 5:00. 5:20 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:05 and 6:?5 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. l):40. !1:15 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40.
4:55. 5:05. 6:25 p. rn.
i^eave I In Effect | Arrlv»
San Frajicisco.l Sept. 27. 1003. |San Fracclseo.
Week J Sun- I - Destlnr- I Sun- I Week
Day». [ days. | tlon. [ days. | Days.
7:30 a 8:0O a | 0:10 al 8:40 a
C:30 a Ignaclo. 10:40 a : 10:20 a
3:30 p »:3» p J 6:0S p 0:2O p
5:10 p 5:00 p / 7:35 p|
7:30 a , 0:10 I 8:40 a
S:0O a Novato. |10:40 a]10:20 a
3:30 p 0:20 a Petaluma I «:05 p[ 6:20 p
6:10 p 3:30 p and I 7:35 pi
I 5:00 p| Santa Rosa. | (
j 7:3 ° a ' o M I |10:40 a|10:2O a
1 8:00 a| Fulton. | 7:35 p' «:20 p
&:-J pf 3:30 p| | K |
J ' I Windsor. 1 |
7:30 af 8:00 al Healdsburr. |10:40 a]10 20 a
I | Lytton. | I
j 3:30 p( 3:30 p| Geyservtlle. | 7:33 pi «:20 p
i i | Clovcrdale. | (
7:50 al 8:00 al Hcpland . 110:40 a|10:20 a
S:39 Pi 3:30 pi and Cktah. | 7:35 p! 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 a| Wllilts. | 7:33 pi 6:20 p
7:30 a! 8:00 al 110:40 a|1020 a
a:30 p| 3:30 pi Guernevllle. f 7:33 p|«:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al Sonoma I 9:10 ar 8-40 »
6:10 p| 5:00 p| Glen Ellen. I 6:C5 pf also *
7:30 a|S:00 al • 110:40 atlO *>o .
3:30 p| 3:30 p| Stbastopcl. ( 7:35 pj e. : 20 p
connect at Green fcrae for San
Quent.n; at Santa Roaa for W..ite Sulphur
bprings: at Fulton for Altraria and Mark Weal
Springs: at Lytton for Lvtton Sprlnirs: at Gey-
rtrville for Skagxs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the -Geysers. Boonevillc and Greenwood- »t
Hopland Tor Duncan Springs. Highland Sprints
Ktlseyvtlle Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay Ia£*1
port and Bartlett Springs- at Cklah for V'tchy
Springs. Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes Laurtl
Dell Lakp. Witter Springs. Upper Luke. Pcmo
Potter Valley.. John Day**. Riverside. Llerlv's
Buckneir*. Sanhedrln Heights. Hullvllle Orr*i
Hot Springs. Halfway House. Comptche, Caran
Stevens. Hcpkins. Mendocino City. Fort Branr
Westport.- V>*l: at Wimta for Fort Bragg
Wegtport. Sherwood. Cahto. Covello. ■ I^iyton-
vlUe. Cummtngs. Bell's Springs. Harris, Ol-
sen's. Dyer. Garbervllle. Peppervrood Scotia
and . Eureka. - >-■
Saturday to Sunday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
" Tick*t -offices. C?0 Market ■ ttrcet. Chronicle
building.
H. C WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Aft.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
'l'rains leave him! are due tu arrive st
SAN FKANCIdCO.
(Main Line. Foot of Marlcet Street )
L«AT« — FKOM F«BRPAEY 1. 11*04. — AR»IT«
7.00* Vacavllle. Wlnler*. i:aiosey 7 SOi'
7.00a Benlcla, Sulsua, Elmlra »ad Sacra- .
mento .". 7.20r
7J0a Vallejo. Kaps, Cail«toi». Saats
Kum, Marttnez. S*n Ramon 6 20?
7-30a Niiej. Ltvermore. Tracy, Latorop.
Stockton 7 20*
8.00a Sbmta Express— (Via Davti).
WHUam* (for Bartle«t Sprlnsr«>.
Willow*. tPruto. Ked blul.
FortlHnd. Tacomn, Seattle 7-60?
100* Duvlg. Woodland. Knl«tits Landing,
MarytTllle. Oro»llle 7.50F
%XQk rort Cost*. Martinez, Anttocn.
Byron, Tracy. Stockton. New-
man. Los Bonus. Mend ota,
Armona, Ilaaford. VI* alia,
Porterrlll* 4.2O
8 JOa Port Coata, Martinez. Tracy. Latb>
rep. Modesto, Merced. Fresno,
Goanen Junction. Ilanford,
VUalla. Bafcenaeld 4.50r
fl.30* Klles, San Joae, LlT«rmore. Stock-
ton. (tMlllonj, lone. Sncramento,
Placenrllle. MarysTllle. Cnlco,
Red Bluff 420p
8 30a Oakilale. Chinese, Jamestowo. So-
Bora. Tuolumne and Ansels 4 20?
• 00a Atlantic Express— Oftden and Eatt. 11.20*
9.30a Richmond. Martinez and Way
Stations 8 50r
1000a The Orerland Limited — Ogden.
Denver. Omaha, Chicago. 6 20c
1000a VaKejo 1220'
10.00a Los Anpeles Paisenger — Port
Coata. Martinez. Byrom, Traey.
Lathrop. Stockton. Merced.
Raymond. Freano. Goahen Junc-
tion. Hanfotd. Lemoore. VUalla.
Bakersfleld. Loa- Angeles 7-20>
2.00* Bayward. Mies and Way Stations. 3.20»
fl.OOP Sacramento River Steamers. tii.OQP
3 30f Benlcla. Winters. SacraznenM.
Woodlaisi. Knlghfi Landing,
Marysvllle. OtovIHo and way •
stations 1 2§S*
5.30? Hay ward. Ktles and Way Stations.. 7 5 Or
Z.SCr Port Costa. Martinez. Byron.
Tracy. Lathrop. Modesto.
Merced, Fresno and Way Sta-
tions beyosd Port Co«ta 12-20P
SJOr Martinez. Tracy. 6toekton. Lodl... 1020a
4 OOP Marttnez,SanIUmon.ValleJo,.Napa»
Caltltoea, Santa Rosa 9 2£\
4C0f Nllea. Tracy. Stockton. Lodl 42j>
4.30r Hayward. Nlles. lrvington. Baa I tSSO*
Jose. Ltvermore I J1 1.50a.
6C0? The Owl Limited— Newman. Loa
Banos. Mendoia, Fresno, Talaro,
Bakersfleld. Los Anceles.
Golden State Limited Slecger,
Oakland to Loa Angeles, for Chi-
cago, vis c. i:. I. * P M 1.50a
B.COr Port Costa. Tracy. Stockton ....... 12 20c
t530r Hayward, Ktles and San Jose ..... 7.20 1
5 COp Ray ward. KUes and San Jose 9bOA
t-£Cr Eastern Express — Oirden. DenTer.
Omaha. St. Loala. Chicago and
East Port Costs. Benlcia, Sul-
sun, Elmlra. I>aTls. Sacramento.
Itocklln. Auburn. Colfax.
Truckee. Boca, Keno, Wads-
worth, winnemucea 5 20"
B.OOp Vallejo. dally, except Sunday.... I 7 Rn _
700y Vallejo, Sunday only f '•"«»'
74}Op Klchmond. San Pabln. Port Costa.
Sfartlnez and Way SUtlons 11-20*.
t.CBr Oregon * California Express— Sae-
ramento, Marysvllle, Reddlns;.
Portland. Puget Sound and East. 8-SOa
8.10? Bayward. Nlles and Saa Jose (Sua-
daronly) . 11-50*
COAST LINE (Harrow tia» ? «>.
(foot of Mitrliet Street.)
I 8-15a Newark, CoaterTllle. Saa Jo«e,
Felton. Boulaer Creek. Sanu
Crus aad Way Stations 6-55F
t2.15r Newark. Centerrtlle, San Jme,
Kew Almaden. Los Gatos.FeUon.
Bonlder Crnek. Santa Crus and
Principal Way Stations tiO-SSa _
4-16p Newark. Saa Joae. LoaGatoa and J tS.SS*.
way itatioax..'. i 510 55a
•9 30p Hnnters Train. Saturday only. 8an
Jose and Way Station*. Return-
tost frntn Lou Gstos Sunday only. {7 25>
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN * KA>C!SCO, Fool ut Market St. '31lp<»
—17:13 9.-U) ii:m»A.M. 1.00 3 CO &.15p.ai
From OAKLAND, foot of Hroadiray — t«:U> ti:Ot
19:05 10:00 a.m. 12 00 2 00 400 P.M.
COAST LINE (Uroad ta«.).
ry~<ThlH »a<i Townnend Streets.)
6-10a Sau Jose and Way Stations 6-33?
7 00* San Jose ami Wht stations 63Sp
8 00a New Almadpn (Tues.. Frid.. only). 4.10*
8 00a The Coaster — Stops only Sao Jose.
Cllroy (connection for Ool lis-
ter). Pajaro. CaatroTille (con-
nection to and from Monterey
and Pacinc Grove), Salinas. Paa
Ardo. Paso RoMe*. Santa Mar
garita, San Luis Ublspo, principal
stations thence Surf (connection
for Lompoc). principal stations
. tnrnce Santa Barbars.San Buena>
Ventura. Sangus. 1m* Angeles... 10-43*
I.COa San Jose. Tres PInos. Capitols.
SantaCrux.PactacGrove.S»Jlnfts,
■San Lnla Obtspo and Principal
Way Stations 4-IOp
10.30a San Jose and Way Stations 1 20r
11 30* Santa Clara, Esn Joie. Los Gatoa '
and Way Stations 7.30p
UOp Sao Jose and Way, Stations 8 35*
3.00>> Del Monte Kxprens— Santa Clara.
San Jure. Del Montr. Monterey.
Pacific Grove (connect* at Santa
Clara for Santa Crna. Boulder
Creek and Narrow Gauge Points)
■t Gtlroy for Hollister. Tres
PInos. at Cs«tr«Tl!le for Salinas. 12.1S*-
J-SOp Tres PInos War Pa**cn«er 10 4Sa
430p San Jose and Wsy Stations tSOOa
tSOOc £an Jose, (it* Santa Clara) Los
Uatoa. and Principal Way Sta-
Uocj (except Hundav) r9-C0*
• b.20t- 6an JoseandPrlnclpitlWay Stations (9.43a
S.OOp Sunset Limited.— Uedwo'-d, Saa
Jose,Gllroy.Sal!sasl*asoKol>les.
t-an Luis Obtspo. Saata Burbara.
Los Aogeles. Licinlnz. El Paso.
New Oriean*. New York. Coc-
nects at Psjaro for Santa Crux
and at CantrOTllIft for Paclllo
Grove and Way Stations 7-18*
- tSISP Sao Mateo. r.ereiford.B«lniont.S»a
Carloa. UertwooO. Fair Oaks.
MrnloPark. Palo Alto t8*?».
8 30p San Joae and Way Stations 6 33a
ZXlOr Palo Alto and Way Stations 10.15a
1 1 .30c boutb San Francisco. M lllbrae. Bur
. linsame. Saa Mateo. Belmont.
San Carloa. Kedwood. Fslr Oaks.
Memo Park, and r«!o Alto 9 45s
«?1.30p Mayneld. Mountain View. Sunny-
vale. Lawrence. Santa Clara aad
San Jo«» T9-43P
A for Morning. P for Af leraooa.
1 Sunday excepted. t Sunday on: »
a Satarda7 only.
1 6tops at all stations on Sunday.
Or* Only trains Hopping at Valencia St. southtwna 1
tre»: 10 a.*..7:0Oa.}I.. 11:30 a.m.. t:.f)r.x..&:20r.x.*zi
1:00 p.x.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Leave Tia &rualiu f erj Arrive
SanFrancfaco htt of Harim »\ San Frandae*
"We5 Sun- ajm Sut»- I Week
Dar». day» i^HmSK day» Dairy
nOi)T % 8:OO* fej^SSJarJa 12:n& r 10:404
•1:45p 9:OOa l^gOgSCT l:iir »-.aur
ft:15p 1O:OOa \tautjwr5Sy t:SOr ,V3n P
11:OOa X^HaSS' 4:3Op »:S0v
"OMaat ¥ifl> ttap >r Kyaaa s«4 TTflaw Qnay
HCriT 1 12& Majuuct St.. (North Sbore Railroad)
ttnza I and SaMsAirro F«*a v. Foot Markav Sc
16 Pages. SI pep Year
1112
YOU KNOW WHOn TO TELL YOU R TROUBLES TO
J02C27 D. GPEECKEliS. Proprietor.
ACfrtss cagna&gtaaa.n 3333 '^wwiMzyitt
W. J. MAHTIN Business Manager
VELCPilONK.
,
Afk for THn CALL. The Op.rator Will Ccn-
<iei.*. Toil IVIth the Department You Wish.
fubU'.atSca GTZti Market nr.i Third. S. F.
rditntia: Jloon> 217' t<j I'-'l Stevenson »t
rviivirreS br CsTrter*. O Ots. Per Week, 75
Ct« l'ir M .-•i'.i. :-:-.f'<: Copte* R Cent*.
VfcrsM !>;• >!*::. i:;?;;:::ir.«r Postage (Cash With
lU'LT CALk On.-:-..;!' sur.d*y>. -1 year.. $«.<**
J Afl.V <\V7.!. .Ir.r;j<5. Kur.^v). «:. ncs... 4 <V)
DAix.r •:.».:.:. -}>v : :-*:? Month w
MNT-AV c All., 1 Year • • 2..V*
v.::~k:." call i ycr ' >y >
,,,,.,-.,,.. maUy~S8.SA P-r Year i:>.'.ra
', ■< •'<■ "■ : i ?-r- - Fur.ilaV. * 15 F»r Year RMra
roszxyi: I^^ftrgjrw.
"^ RIZED
Eazr.pl* Coot** » vi 'l l " forwarded when re-
queFte<"..
ilBll sjb*r:.her» In crd-rir.s chsr.p* of «d;
c'.r^s.* chnuld b* i^rtirular to give both M.w
ASCII OL1> ,* ADDKESS in ortler to insure a
r t sn pt and c.-rrect ccmtl'-Mce with tb«ir re-
OAKLAND- OFFICE.
:;:* Broa6«v7 Telephone Main 10S3
KEKKFLHT OFFICE.
JUS «>r.*cr ttreet T«:ep*.one North <<
WASHINGTON
EAUVXX W. WALL Hctei Barton
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Wal<Jnrf-Aftor!a Hotel: A. Bretano. 31
Ur.'.cn tauarc: Murray Hill Hotel; Fifib-ave-
tue Ho:rJ ord Koffman Hou6?.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS.
Fh»rsaar. Hocre: P. O. News Co.: Great
Nfrthe:u Hotel; Tremont House; Auditorium
Hotti: Palnir:- Ilcuse.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE Kr.OGNEPS-.Marquette Building
«Lcne lJistar.ee Telephone. "Certral 2619.' )
iTEW YORK KlIpRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH GO Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT.
C. C. CARLTOX Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE cf the San Francisco
fall, .-orner Market and Third streets; cpen
tr.tii 12 o'clock every night ir. the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
1(V8 XTarkft itxcet. epposite Filth; until
11 r m.
657 Mon«tromery »tr««t, corner Clay; open un-
til U:30 p. ni.
840 Hayca street; open until n-.W p. m.
r-X* WcAli;«t*>r ftreet; cr*n until 3:30 p. ».
'■IT, L^rkin rtrc*>t: open until fi:S0 p. m.
Z9tl Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
CTCI Market street, corner Sixteenth; open un-
tl! n r . m.
IM Elrvf-nth stfpt: op-n urtll 9 p. n.
I'KKi V-»I»>nr|» street: op^n until 0 p. m.
Nrrthrart rorner Church and Duncan «treet«:
.•f-^n until 9 r. ra.
Northwest cr-rnrr of Tw^nty-fecond and Ken-
tucky Ktr'"ts: rt>»n ur.tll j> p. ra.
r"'""' r-;M~i^r« *T>gt: nr^r urtil 9 o. m.
MEETIXG NOTICES.
ORDER EASTERN STAR- Members +ZT
■ ■■ f.ati i '■,.■■;■<- .V". 1 v.\)\ »•- Jp&^
irnd Ihp funeral of our sister, FRAN- 1T^
■KS THOMSON, THIS DAY. from
2'^:i' XtUrion *t.. at 10:^0 o'clock. By or-
dw of )hr W. M.
K. J. WILLATS. Acting Secretary.
MOUSTT UORtAH Lo4s« So. 44. r. and m
\. M.--<-«i!^-d meettac THIS (WED- yJ\f
XESDATi EVENING at 7:"ft o'clock; AJ\
4orn dejewsft. THTXt. FBOLICH, Bee
j:.\'i:i.SI-H: Ixdce tto. ICO. F. and A. C
•". Fir-t n^vf THIS JWEDXES- VV 1
I'AVt EVKNINO ai 7:.:o o'clock. /V>
II. J. OWEN. Secretary.
UiasiOX L«tee No. I«». *\ and A. M. «
< B!>d tn^Ptinc THIS iWEDXES- VV
i'MI EVENING at 7:3i» o'clock: we-
■ ■:.-) .'.•cr-pf. It. E. ALLAN. Sec.
SYRACUSE Lo<rcT No. ,'s. K^ of -^*»
I'.. BK^tS THIS * WEDNESDAY)
rVHNING. Filtefn strangers will
!"■ initiated. McKiniey Co. No. 3, d^Sc
V. H . liave bet-n invited to attend, «Si*^ > v
•nrll us other prand officers, to a*!>!st the
\<x'.gi> with this larpe initiation. All K. of P.
ar^ invited to attend this convention and
havp a good Pythian time.
CHAP.. GOLDBEV, C. C.
Cl-XV RAKB1TT. K. of R. S.
DMTT LOIX;E No. €1. K. of P.. will _^
f.nf^r th» rank of Esquire ua J^SL. .
THURSDAY EVENING. February
11, at Pythias <"ast!e. 909 Market >S35i
n.: al! brother Kr.iKht.« and visit- j£&^.
ing brotber* are cordially invited to attend.
By order E. B. KIMBALL, C. C.
S. W. GATES. K. cf R. a-nd S.
K. R. B. take notice— An Important y
7r«><»tlng <^f your crder will bs held jf A
THIS (WEDNESDAY) EVENING, k^A
February 10: <>\ery member is re-
to attend. PRESIDENT.
ANNUAL MEETING— HONOLULU PLANTA-
T»i »N <AiMi»ANT — The regular annual
mating oi th» of the HONO-
LULU PLANTATION COMPANY wiil be
li'M at the office of the company. S27 Mir-
!.<-t fri>om 4. ff-cond floor), in the city
nnd ounty ><f San Kran<!«co. Staf of Cali-
f ■rn'a. en WEDNESDAY, the 24th day of
m Kthroary, A. D. 1(XM. at the hour of Jl
nYlix-k «. m., for the purpose cf electing a
lioanl of directors to ser\e for th»; pnsuirj;
5'«*r and for tbe transaction cf «uch other
I u*ino»s }•>■ may nronerly come before th»
r-.'friins. Transfrr i>ooks v.ill dote on Satur-
•la.v. i'diruary 1Z. 1904, at 3 o'clock p. m
H. W. THOMAS.
Beryctary Honolulu Plantation <;oinpany, 327
Market ktrrrt. Sun Francisco. *"aliforr.ia.
. _t-aii Krandaco. «\<J.. Feb. lo. i»«>t.
ANNUAL meeting— Kilauea Sugar Plantation
<"crnrany — The regular annual meeting of the
Ftockkcldera of the Kilauea Sugar Plan-
Uttiec ; Company will be held at the
• ■rfice cr the company. 321 Market *t.
<r<--o:ri 4. ppcond flcor>. in the city and county
< ' Kan FYaBCiscot State of California, on
•.TES.MAV. t\io 'Sid day of February. A D
lf><>4. at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m." for the
perpe** of dectfsi a beard of directors to
for tr.e er.suir.g year and for the trans-
»r:lcn cf r-jc\i cth»r business as may prop-
*r\y cnni» befnre ih« xr.e?ting. Transfer book«=
■will ricee.cr; Friday. February 12. HkM. «t 3 I
• •\;..- k p. m. H. \v. THOMAS
Secretary !' KHaaea Su?ar PlaataUoa com-
"27 Market st.. San Franrisco, r a j
Sarj Krancisco, Ca!.. Feb. 9. 1904.
ANNUAL -Msr-tins— The regular annual meet-
U-X of the ft»-l.l:ol<!ers cf the Matson Navi-
gation Oompas! will i>? held at the office of
tne company. 327 llartat st.. £an Franci«co*
< *: . . n th* lllh day of Febru-
-n. !!^4. at tbe hour cf 2 o'clock p. m.. for'
I)'.- purpose oi (w::rj a* boar i of direeto-s
to trnt for the erreuirg y^ar and the tran?-
*''' r * <'f *vcl: other baaioess as may com-
Lcfore th# tjieftirg.
CEt.'l-.GT; A. DOUGLASS. Pecretary.
AGU.VTS WASTED.
AGENTS? wanted. mu\~ or fensie. every "Town
K*rtiiefr OJ., Orrccn sirA Wcsh.: enormous
r-"!.<>: r.t.»!:lr.s !;::» ;»; ntsunti for ctrculor
OJucrr.ia Souvt-rir Work". 733 Eddy. S. F.
1.ADV rzent? «ranted to tske orders for our
r:fi:-prade rlllc \\ai?t-; pirasait and proflt-
• ?:<•. n:::<.yr:ent. Ctli hn. 2:30 or.d 5 p.
ir... V.-. STYAV k CO.. FVj Taylor st.
■2.izl AIlVEItTXEEfltZirX "WElTIKo]
HAVING rewnUr «cnu!rod through exchange
(I prc(>crt7 three J5O scbalarshipa Ir. the be-t
CC'XfSe of A^vertis'.r^ Is the Unittd States
1 *M roll trc.-n «t 2.' per t-nt discount for
«stb: t!ie cone;* teaches .-dvertlscmeat writ-
sr.r. «;• cormpondecce «r..1 assists ita grad-
• XiZiff to Fwtire jH-iSlJoris-; t.atalojn:»« fur-
Rlrtxj "f Address bcx ."026. Call..'
_.« TTon \evj-a -r- 'CjCwI ~ I
W. II. BlTTNEia.
ATTOR-VrT AND COUNSELOR AT LAW.
/.civice free. Pliore South* 743
Fui'.e m. En-.aia S?rccK«ls buildlrg.
r»:*-oic-i tacfetiy snff lr^t>:!y ottafned for
• fi t cmSXMMl donccea sccu:«-d fer injuries to !
ptrson ir c.'latc: ttuleviys for piopeny un-
la^rfsRy <Jctj>.i::eJ: «:::.cli^iftits arul garniih-
r:*til* i:r Gtllr: bond^ furr,!3h»J; ban!crupt< y
f^cct-tJirps: v.i:;.« prabaU-J: estates settled;
coii'Ctio:i» rr.E-Jf In sli rsrts of the U. S.
X FP.IV.WK. tjuJclt divorce fcr a small f»e.
f.t? re* t:i'l fa". e zvvy. no pay in ijjvance
c. v.\ nowr:. ATTonr.'nv-AT-LAW.
If ur.:i-:c! •* >rr-.; r.-is. 1. 2. r?. 4 &. B. 1st fl.
UCJ :.J:nkct rt.. bct-nern-MaEt.-n rnd Tajior. i
Advice tref. all r.iottei*. C^tc-rtives ensploved.
P.. W. KINC. Attc:ney-at-Lsw. Esam. bldff..
Ctli f.-.f. cr.'.tniic* r<v,-r.\ Cll: cKtablishcd 20
}'<arv; e.'A <-i?.r*; seneral cctir: and o'.'Ice prac-
:'.<*■: no f<..* in :i'1\ance or tot consultation:
• v*ri:irs Uy cn»lnrr«nt. k Tel. Red 30CJ.
AI'VICIC fr«-< — I will adxance cost in msritori-
ou* «-scr; ftlrorcea, ;>njt.,etc an-J all other. law
<ftct; m "err '.». »!v»rc«-. opon every even-
Jcc. J. ?T. THURSTOy. SIP irarkct si., r. .'Jl.
CoSntTihtan L.!«-.- nr:'l Collection Agcncv.
r.^r.t K.. i>lti :.!arl.ct rt.: tel. John C^2fi. i
I>!VO"'JE— C««lr. ?12; q'iict:. <juirt; advi?« {
fi.»; .ijwr; evcv.ins^. V27 T4arkct rt... r. -SOI. '
L >'. CLARK. ?27 Mprket Kt.: casteattatloa J
<»«e; nu :<xs \u c-vance; open cveninss. i
; BUSINESS^ CII^ AX J CE^- J _^
! A — J759; FALOON; tstab. many years; 3. years'
lease; rent *S0; located close to Kearny and
California ets.: ulpgant fixtures; a good busi-
ness and a bargain, that's all. See R. G.
WILKE. 20 H. Kearny rt.
A-54CGV; coRNEH raloon. with lease: large
collar; card .and private rooms: Kept by
owners icr years; fullost investigation so-
licited. See R. G. WILKE. 2<j»i Kearny «t.'
A— $50<i0: GRILL room and cafe: the leading
establishment m Oakland; <Mose to th-f.ters;
rent *70 and a Sirst-'Iass paying tusiness;
oilier Investment" only cause of sale, bee
R. C. WILKE. -tiV* Kearny et.
A~fl20O: PARTNER wanted in coffee .-«?«l<x)n
rr.iii restaurant, teiv «!oor-i from Market St.;
a w«>!l-i>ii>ir-s hut=i::(-fs c!e.-irir>K about $-iO<»
! per iv.onth. only rea*on for owner to take a
partr.rr are the loscifcoun for him; he <ieeds
n cccd assistant. Call R. li. WILKE. 2t>V»
Kearny »t.
A-$12<V); BAKERY, establ. years and kept by
present owner 17 y^an*; bakes 4Vi barrels
rer day: daily sales (45; living rooms. Call
R. G. WiLX!-:. 2OVs Kearny st.
a— ?r,5oc — The i?acir,; restaurant of this city:
j rent $15t»; surrounded by 3 theaters; private
j hcies tor todirs; a ni>t-c!as>j raying place.
R. G. WILKE, 2C>£ Kearny st.
I A — $12r.O — DELICATESSEN and dairy produce
i store; vlcf to Market and Stockton sts.:
' lar<;» stock; s.lfars st !ea.«t SC50 per month;
full val-o in sleht; a splendid offer. See R.
G. WILKE. 2t:'.-3 Kearny st.
A— $.MK> — BRANCH bHkery and candy ftore.
with living rocms; daily receipts about $10:
rholorst location in the Mission. See R. G.
WILKE. 26*4 Kearny ?t.
A — $2200. t-ALOON. with lease, estab. years;
.vicinity Fourth uV Market and Stockton;
] place freaks for itself; a!l particulars. R. G.
WILKE. 2C% Kearny ft.
A — $. r i500; CORNER falcon in wholesale dis-
trict; 7 year6' l^ase: eftnbl. 30 years: clears
about $400 per month. R. G. WILKE. 2tS&
Kearny st.
A— $32."0: SALOON, with mercantile lunch a
la -carte: ratronized by bankers and mer-
chants; owner on nick bed, otherwise $700o
would not buy the business; lease and fine
flat. R. G. WILKE. 26& kearny St.
A— $1500; GROCERY and bar, with 18 fur-
niFhed rooms; C years' leas': rent $63; a
business where man and wife easily can i
rl»ar J300 r*r month. Particular* R. G.
WILKE. 26Va Kearny st.
A— $3000; HOTEL with 30 rooms, 45 beds; bar.
dining and reading rooms; lease for 3 years;
located 15 mll-« from this cliy: place cleata
>300 cer menth. See R. G. WILKE, 2i>Va
Kearny ft.
A. CAMKItON & CO Phono Ph'Hh 1050
3 Eddy st.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters fcr ail kinds yf business chances.
Oyster and chop houses $3.V> to .«inrx)
Catady and ice.crpnni parlors. .. .5200 to $^fwxt i
Itarber ?hop« $3Co to $2'>00
<*ipHr stan-Js f.i.'o to J2O00
Or^cf-rit s a :id l;ars $">()<> to $5<>00
Saloons $300 to $lf).0O()
RpFteurants $:;.V) to $2<V*V>
Fruit ard v«g?table stores $'!<x> to $1000
I 'rug Ftorea Sirono to S^OOO
Dflir-atessrn stores J2."iO to $4.V>0
FOR >a»^ or trade — (Juartz mine: fine prespert;
located in •.'al.: asays< ?40 to $70 ton: trade
for r'mg house or busines?. Cameron. .'! Eddy.
FOR fdIo — Well locate.! canrty store; all i-rjuip-
p«<i icr rnakirssr own candies: established S
yoars; clear? over $200 \» :• month: wilj In-
voic-f about $1200. CAMERON. 3 Eddy Mt.
FOR pale— On" ct tl^e r*«t restaurants in city:
cheap rent: receipts S7."> to SH'.O per day; wjll
bear investigation; price $1MK». CAMERON
£ CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale, or will trade for email ranch — Fine
hardware and flcctrical Ripply rtore; rent
$40: w!I located: clearing S300 per month; 4
living rooms: first-class proposition: wi!l
stand strict investigation; price $8*KX>. CAME-
ERON & CO.. :; Kddy at.
F. A. BROOKBANK. Phone Folsom 1S46.
BUSINESS AGENT.
917 Market Bt.. bet. Fifth and Sixth.
OPEN EVENING?.
A— $100— SPECIAL bargain; cigar stand: good
location; gnoi stock: goo-J risturp?: nicely
furnished iiving room in connection: rent
$10.; part cash, bal. tim*. BROOKBANK.
j A— $R50; CIGAR etand; Market St.. near Call
bldg: daily receipts $25; lease. Broukbank.
A— $500; BRANCH bakery, grocery, notions,
candies, cigars, tobaccos; receipts $12 daily;
6 furn. living rms. ; rent $20. BROOKBANK.
A— $350; PARTNER in well established" office
tTJEiuess; no experience required: this Is a
fine chance for party who Is satisfied with
$100 month; investigate. See BROOKBANK.
A-S700; 14 ROOMS, nicely furnished; Al lo-
cation: rent $40: part cash, balance time.
See BROOKBANK, 817 Market st.
A SAFE INVESTMENT.
$1000 caeh and services secures interest and
office of treasurer in an incorporated realty
and investment company; $150 monthly as-
sured; highest references.
CERMANIA'INVEST. CO.. I»27 Market st.
A— 2 PER CENT MONTHLY.
On investments of $100 and upward; no "get-
r!ch quick" swindle, turf speculation or gam-
bling scheme, but a reoutable. fstablished
business enterprise In San Krancisco: cleared
JC7.C00 last year on $100,000 capital: stock
increased $20.d00 to enlarge plant; call or
writ? fcr particulars.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market et.
UNION Business Exchange. 003 Market st.
$20'x» buys grocery and bar: residence district.
J1.VK» buys grocery and bar; 16 fur. rooms.
5S5<t buys saloon: rent MO: north.
$.">.-.<» buys cigar stand: rejit $25: north.
A business opportunity seldom offered in a
14-room lodging-house north of Market: only
t-'XJ required; central locaiion. Call and sae
our othf-r bargains. UNION BUSINESS EX-
CHANGK. 983 Market st.
OUR new "Dupiex-Scale System" won over 200
per cent In the past 22 days on I'risco races;
for proofs and references ask any subscriber
en our list, or call and investigate; explana-
tion free to regular subscribe™ at our offlce
only; commifisiong handled on this sysltm for
25 per cent of the net weekly profits. Terms
for our Handicap sheets, $2 per day or $10
per week. N. 8. HAND, expert handicapper.
rooms 1. 2 ar.d 3. 113 Stockton" ft.. S. F.
FINE grocery and bar. corner north of Market,
long leave, low r»nt. $2,100. part cash: corner
f-alcon. on water front. $1100, paying brewery
business. $-500. or will sell part: paying
basines-ses cf ail kinds; hotels and lodging
houses for rale and exchange. EITEL &
CARROLL. 212 Kearny «t. .
| STEADY, reliable ;ran to assist in office:
hours 9 to 5: no night or Suniiay work: no
experience necessary; permanent place; ?7r»
monthly: ?12S cash required: rail- after 0
o'clock. 20ti Kearny st.. room 1.
HAVE a business; take agency auto and bike
line stock: $"00 to $1<X)O required; every coun-
ty in every State. UUCKLAND & SON, .San
lYancisco. ■
WANTED— Party with $1000; unlncuml>»re;J
business: !ai!y preferred; to manufacture
liquid to Jtlll flpas; 75 per cent profit. A. J.
F.. Eastland, Cal.
RESTAURANT for sale- on account of sepa-
ration of owr.ers; daily receipts $40; rent $C0;
five years' leas?: no agents; cheap. Addresi
box 2021. Call office. - .-. v J
THE war is on; now is the time to speculate;
my e.\perleiu-e against capital; $5000 to $10.-
'iOO r!e?U«-d: legitimate business. ' Box 2020,
Call office. :'. ; .;J-.
FOR PALE — Feed and potato business in the
thriving city of Napa; on main street;
owner tr.ust go East at once. Address P. O.
box 204. Napa. \ ■
WANTED— Crocery. cither with or without
bar; bar preferred; stock must be In good
rontJirion. Addrers. with particulars, box
SIC, Call office.
$70<>: PARTNER wanted with this amount in
eld tstatlisli-d office business; $oO00,ln sight.
Moore Investment Co., fl.'lT* Market St., rm 6.
$27.".n — FOR si'.e; a first-class parlor anil
spotting bouse; must be sold at once. Ad-
«l'reis bcx lC3i; Call off.c?. Oaklar.d.
HAY. grain, wood end coal yard; established
~i> yer.ru: doing large burineas; owner retir-
lr.g. Bcx 222, Call office.
A CANDY store and factory for sale on ac-
count or leaving city: have a splendid trade,
tccia four.taiti, etc. Box 17S, Call.
I WILL *ouy a delicatessen store reasonable;
!:-. a Kccd JiK-ation for trade; state price.
liox l'J4. Csil -cflk-e.
?15ihi TEA stvi-p for SW If sold to-day; caus.?,
uthcr business. T>17 Valencia Et.
GROCERY and saloon for sale; rent reason-
able; price 5500. 2 572 Fifteenth st.
PO2 *aie — Con.plr-te dyeing and cleaning
Berks; coed location. Hox r.2C, Call office.
FOR rale— Saloon and lodging-house,, 26 rooms;
clicap rent; all rented. 41't Pacific st.
?T'iK)— PA ItTN ER : raioonrwitli ctlier~nnT"pay^
Ing bufinesa. -14 Eighth rt. -
A o-CHAlli barber shop for cale cheap. Box
23S. Call office. ■ :^><i-
s
CHOP house r.r.d coflVe saloon: a money mak-
er: must «!!.'■ 31S',i Third el.
WANTHD— A cigar flore. Address, giving
lull particulars, bcx I'J7. Call.
A SALOON en -water front for tale; cheap.
. Box 220. Call office.
WANTKD — An established restaurant ip a
email city; give particulars, liox SS2, Call.
THE SAN - FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY. FEBRUARY 10, 1904.
_B£5INjES5^ CHAyCES — Cwnttnite jL__
SHOPROOM. 22x40. ground floor: cheap rent.
Broderirk st.. bet. Geary and O'Farrell.
A BRANCH oftice of The Call for ..he reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market »t.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. in,
BOAKPIXG r'OK CHI]LnRBlC_S
J A NURSE would care for baby from birth;
private home In confinement if desired. Ad-
j dress box 231. Call of rice.
■ TEHAMAj 219V2— Lady withes child to board;
goeil home; sunny yard.
LOUUI.-NU-HOLSKS KOH SALE*
A. CAMKKO.N & CO., I'lione South 1050.
:: Kdciy et.. cor. Market and Powell. «
Ileadquant-rs ior loominB-housTS, hotels -anti
all ki.nis cf business chances.
220 roorce; new- and up-to-date apartment
house; luxuriously furnished: 5-year^ c-ontracu
lor cheap lighting; grand new building; clear-
ing $40o to $600 i>er month; obliged to leave
city.
iiO rooms; rent $95; fine location; all on 2
floors; U years' lease; clears $100; full; $2000.
12 rooms; cheap rent; fine downtown tran-
sient house: can clear $150 per month above
all ex;>-n3eis; always full; snap; $550.
5 reams'; Geary; rent $20; fine little home; 3
rooms; rented for $25; price $2C0.
24 rooms; rent only $130; first-class condi-
tion; cak. mahogany, birdseye maple furni-
ture; extra fine carpets; clears $70; price
$1^00; half ca?h, balance rU per cent.
29 rooms; rent $S5; lease; newly renovated
find furnished; can get Its more rooms; good
thing; $15«).
ICC roo;ns; most elegantly appointed apart-
ment house in San Francisco; beautiful, mod-
ern building; fine entrance; cneap rent; clear-
ing $4C0 i>er month: 5-year lease; part cash,
balance 8 per cent per year.
IS rooms; rent $S5; well furnished; all new;
$6i'O down, balance 1H per cent; fine buy; only
»1250.
• SG-rocm family hotel: bonton location; fine
l»»se: clearing $500 to $G0O per month: always
ful!; par', casn; balance time; owner sick abed.
S-rooni upper flat; corner; all sunny rooms;
beautiful little gem of a home; price $750.
126 rooing; fine downtown corner house: pri-
vate l/atlis; bf-autiful furniture; 2 entrances:
takes in ?::0 to S*<> per day transient besides
regular roomo-.-j; will bear Investigation.
12 rooms; Post; oak furniture; Brussels car-
pets; clears $50: $300 cash, balance on install-
ments; pi ice $SCO.
25 rconis: flftc rorner; rent only $70: oak fur-
niture; newly painted and papered; clearing $S0
] mynth; part cash; must leave city; $1550.
7-room. new. modern flat: $450 cash, balance
on Installments; income $45; price $550.
44 rooms; rent only $125: good furniture and
rarpetp; 5-year lea«e; running water; new
building; clears $150; $1000 down; $2800.
y-room. new. modern flat: 4 months: ele-
gantly furnished; cost over $1800; a bargain;
sickness.
SO rooms: part offices: elegant new building
and furniture: high class location; beautiful
hal!*; everything modern: first-class grill In
connection; best proposition In city; called
East.
l:{ rooms; rrrH $25; some housekeeping: clears
$50; turrn, with fine yard; half cash, balance
time. i
- ■#-
7-room flat; rent $40: oak .furniture; good
carpets; sickness: price $."550.
72 rooms: rent $400; elegant new building;
swell family hotel: beautiful furnishings: clear-
ing; $600 per month: every room full: will stand
the strictest investigation; location unsur-
passed.
| . 10 rooms; rent only $100: well furnished; lit-
; tie apartment house; reduced to $1100.
24 rooms; cheap rent; golden oak furniture:
\ f.nf" b<»df>; furnisJied new in June; flrst-cla's
: transient; clears $175; sickness.
S rooms; upper flat; elegantly furnished: oak
furniture, Axminster carpets; beautiful flat.
20 room?; cheap rent: oaV and cherry furni-
ture; Moquet carpets; good lease; clearing $125
per month; part cash, balance time.
17 rooms; rent only $73; Ellis: oak fur.T
Rood carpets: clears $C0; leaves 3 rooms for
landlady: fine opportunity to get good bouse
reasonable.
71 room?; elegant, new modern building; In
one of th° best cities of Southern California;
1 elfctrio lights, bet and. cold -water; everything
up-to-flat-?: ii-yi-ar least; rent only $200; clear-
Ing $250 to $30'J per month; owner sick abed.
14 rooms; rent $C5: California st. : fine loca-
tion: pood furniture and carpets; price will be
made right, as owner must leave city. v
f>3 icor.is: Market St.; rent only $300; fine
transient house; very central: liquor license;
can clear $250 to $350 per month; must be sold
within 10 (Javg to settle estate: only $700 cash
to get in, balance time; big snap.
A— CALIFORNIA INVESTMENT CO.
Phone Hlark U901, 777 '4 Market st.
Bank References
Any House Sold on Easy Terms.
14 ROOMS. Van Ness av<>. ; nice furnishings;
low rent; price $1050. Cal. Investment Co.
25 ROOMS Sutter st.; new and elegant: price
SSSCO: this is a beauty. See CALIFORNIA
INVESTMENT CO., 777«i Market st.
A — RARE bargain; 45 rooms: good furniture;
5 years' lease; rent only $125; just think,
only $2S00: easy terms; don't forget this.
See, CAL. INVESTMENT CO.. 777'/i Market.
' SPECIAL — 30 rms. ; choice location; good furn.:
Ions l*>as<?: rent $S5; tine buy for $2200. CAL.
' INVESTMENT CO.. 777U Market st.
SPECULATION — 2S rooms: mostly housekeep-
ing: very (rood furniture: rent $75; price $1000.
CAL. INVESTMENT CO.. 777',:. Market st.
11 ROOMS. O'Farrell *t.: nice furnishings;
close in: snap; $C0O. Cal. Investment Co. •
ATTENTION, buyers: We have the most ex-
clusive list of r.?w flats, rooming-houses,
apartmerct-hovnes and hotels, any number of
rconis. fcr sale in thjs city at right price?.
Always consult the oM reliable agents, who
Avill save you monej-. before buying.
CAL. INVESTMENT CO.. 777V1 Market st.
WINSTON & WOLF.
1020 Market Ft. 102C, Market st.
(A FEW SELECTED BARGAINS.)
Jl rooms; rent S3C; well furnished: good car-
pets; near Van Ness ave.; price $473.
12 rooms; Satter St.; must sell; see and make
offor; part offices.
15 rooms: nrar Geary St.: reduced to $900;
all roorrs rented; eaey payments.
27 rooms; corner: sunny apartments; rent
$125; reduced to $2230: part cash.
45 rooms; rent $125: new house; all light
rooms; reduced to $2500.
03 rooms: new and modern up-to-date apart*
ment-hous*; price ?6(KK).
100 rooms and bar: rent only $2 CO per room;
f.r.est of furniture nnU carpets: long lease;
dears J65O per month; price $7000.
WINSTON* A- WOLF. 102g Market st.
C. E. HINKLKY. PHONE MINT 796.
l('2O Market St.. opp. Fifth.
Former patrons my best references.
Country correspondence promptly answered.
Part 'cash: balance monthly payments. '
14 rooms; rent $30; amazingly low pries. $350
"4 rooms; rent SCO; Just think!.' $1550
2." rooms; rent %'M: one floor...... $1100
C rooms; rent $20: a pick-up .S1S0
2i» rocms: clears $80: rent $40. ........ .$S5O
40 rooms: mechanics' liouse: i*ent $00 $1000
16 rooms: rent 55": clears SG3: terms.'. .$950
."1 rooms: sunny corner: rent $55. . . '. . . .Sltioo
(i(> rooms; Market St.; liquor license $:<500 f
12 rooms; California st.; rent'."i;50; snap. $750
lit rooms: Geary St.: clears $40; rent $2S.$50O
10 rooms; Bush St.: rent $37 60;; only.'. .$430
ion rooms; grand sunny corner.: ....$7000
15 rooms; i> unfurnished: rent $45. .... ,$50O
. 35 rooms; transient: lease .....$1500
8 rooms; Post £t. ; rent $.12; only.'. $250
12 rooms: Polk St.; partially furnished. .$450
H. C. Decker, 000 Market st. : phone John 031.
Rooming-houso and hotel
Broker for over
28 years in San Francisco.
I have all Ihe paying houses that are for sale.
■ All Titles Guaranteed. .'
Money Loaned on Any House.
Houses Sold on Installments. *
Large Lot of Fiats. ■ ;
«20 Apartment-houses.
G Country Motels ■ and Bars.
Houeep All Sizes and
Prices from 10 to SCO rooms.
Prices from $5<> to $22,000.
. You Can r Eave Money • ,
By calling on H. C.-DECKEIJ, 006 Market st.
J700— A NEWLY furnished flat of 10 *ooma
and bath; full of roomers; rent $55; central;
privilege of buying 7 .rooms adjoining. • 816B
Larkin at., bet.- Geary and .O'Farrell.
EI.'UY." "T", — S-room. flat; all new and' up' to
Oate: sacrifice talc
LODGI.VG HOUSES FOR SALE—- Con.
MARION GRIFFIN.
406 Hearpt bldg.. over ExamlnT entrance.
Modern business methods in fine front orflces.
Phone Black 3607 or take elevator to '4th floor.
Up-to-date title abstract free with rvery .«ale.
We do business strictly according to law.
Bargain In a 17-room lodging-house: north
of Market: near center of- center: all fine,
large outside sunny rooms; rent $50; income
$151; full; respectable; price reduced to $1050.
40-room house. 4 blocks of Market; must b*
sold on account, of severe sickness; building
and furniture brand new 1 year ago-; price
$2800. • .
•60 rooms; furnished most beautifully 2 years
ago; well known throughout-the State; elevator;
clears $300 month: 4-:. ear lease; exact bock
accounts are_ Vert.
' 81 rooms; furnished with -the most elegant
furniture and'earpets that could be had; extra
heavy velvet carpets: 30 private bathrooms;
corner: clears $650 per month.
20 rooms; near Market: $650; 2-year lease;
rent $40; electric lights; good-looking house.
HANDSOME corner of 100 rooms ; private
baths; splendid furnishings: 5-year lease;
modern In every department; price $6500;
clears $.4.00.
20 rooms on Goidin Gate ave.; house built
cne year ago; elegantly furnished In mahog-
any and oak; fine Brussels carpet*; income
$111 over rent pother important business causes
sale.
__— - - '«v
NDW and MODERN apartments: elegantly
furnished; 8-year lease: 103 rooms; Income
$1097; total expenses $639; profit $438 per mo.
29 rooms; $1250; reduced from $2000: rent
$50:, mostly housekeeping: big snap; full of
rooitiers.
40 rooms: on Sutter st. ; beautifully and ex-
pensively furnished in velvet, mahogany and
golden oak; {>-year lease: everything new and
nice; prl^e and terms so desirable you'll be
surprised. «
NEAR Nob Hill; 44 rooms: $2000; reduced
from $r»200; eplendid sunny NE. corner; owri-
er is out of city. If you have $1000 cash we
can arrange terms nicely for you. Think It
over. •
Read these rents; prices In proportion:
S3 rooms $234: 64 rooms. $175; 60 roo:ns. $100.
44 rooms. $«5; 16 rooms. $25; 24 rooma. $55.
2S rooms, $50; 21 rooms $25; 20, rooms. $40.
IS rooms. $38; 11 rooms. $19; S rooms. $20.
EXCHANGE for real estate: 24 rooms; well
furnished; »unny side of street; north of Mar-
ket; price $2000; income $106 over rent.
APARTMENT house: 38 rooms for the rid-
iculously low price of $1500: Vj down and % in
monthly installments to suit buyer.
New house; new furniture; 29 rooms; $156O;
rent $60; lease if desired; full of roomers.
A— SS200: loOging-house of 33 rooms: eleartng
$250 per mc-th: lease: located close to Mar-
ket and 'Pcwell sts.; all sunny rooms: fur-
niture first-class: not all cash required. Call
it. O. WILKE. 2«!4 Kearny st.
A— $950; lodging-house of 20 rooms: rent $100:
located rlo«e to Market ar.d Stockton: good
furnitute and first-claws paying. R. G.
WILKE. 26^ Kparny ?t.
FOR sale — CIS-room house: downtownd business
center; ,near Po«t and Stockton sts. Ad-
dress box 247. Call office.
$1000— Fine 2l-room house; north of Market
St.; best location: must cell. Box 163. Call.
LODGING-house— 003 '.i Washington st.. Oak-
land: nice place; 16 rooms; cheap at $860.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, cent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
cUV: JSPIRITUALI S M.
MRS. DR. MARTIN, wonderful spiritual heal-
er and business medium; mining a specialty;
advice I guarantee on all business proposi-
tions to be successful. My wonderful magnet
will bring reconciliation and lasting peace
with th» one you love; readings by mall
most satisfactory, $2; readings dally, $1;
developing class Thursday, b p. m. S02
Eddy Bt. j .. ■■ . .. ,
SEER, Egyptian Hindu, occult, reads daily:
clr. Wed.. Fri., Sun., 8 p. m. 10c. 540 Ellis.
MRS. LESTER— Test circle to-nlcht. 10c; dev.
circle Wed. eve., 25c; read, daily. 34 6th. r.8.
EDWARD EARLE, 1052 Ellis, readings daily,
9:30 to 4; seances Sunday ar.d Thursday.
PROF. FRED EVANS, noted clairvoyant and
slato-writer. 1112 Eddy st. Phone Kcott 887.
~ CLAIRVOYANTS.
REDUCED 'Prices One Week More.
Call at once and eave $2.
My regular *3 reading this week for
$1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1
READ CAREFULLY.
AN HONEST PROPOSITION.
NO CHARGE NO CHARGE
Unless you obtain the information for which
you consult him. •
(You to Be Full Judge.)
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE, ,
The First Registered Trance Clairvoyant and
Palmist Ever in San Francisco.
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make you no charge if I fail to tell your
name, occupation and what you called for;
I promise to tell you whether your husband,
wife or sweetheart is true or false; tell who
and when you will marry; in fact, I will tell
every hope, fear or ambition better than you
can tell yourself; I will tell you how to win
the man or woman you love, even though
miles away; I will straighten out your af-
fairs and show you how to win success in
love, marriage, business, mining speculation,
health, better positions, etc.: no matter what
trouble you may have, I will help you or
charge nothing for my services; "MEDIUMS
DEVELOPED": learn a profession that will
bring you from $10 to $25 per day.
' 326— O'Farrell St.— 326. .
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third st.. next Examiner
bidg. ; she reads your life correctly gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
• present happenings and portrays events to
occur In the future; if you are In trouble,
discontented, or not satisfied with life, or
have domestic, lovo or business troubles, con-
i- uit this great medium and you will be told
how to overcome them; valuable advice in all
affairs of life; 25c up; satisfaction guaran-
teed; readings by mall. Tei. Black- 4569.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gy_psy. clairvoyant and
palmist, ■ permanently located at 1104 Market
*t.. cor. Turk; private readings dally, 10 a.
m. to S p. m.; readings by mall as satlsfac.
tory as in person; 3 question* answered. $1;
full life. $5; send lock of hair, date of year
of birth; don't send currency: send postotflce,
"Wells-Fargo money order or registered tetter.
THE only Gligln&l Roman Gypsies In the city;
palmists, clairvoyants, card readers, train*-
mediums; we have given readings to 1O.W0
peopit In San Francisco since our arrivai;
. they were ftitisfied. so Will you be. 285 Geary.
MMT. VE1NA, wonderful trance medium and
card reader; Just returned from long ab-
fnce. 40»«Gcary st.. near Mason, room 1.
MRS. A. H. KRONENBERG. palmist, clair-
voyant, card reader: when others fall try me;
good reading 10c. 721 Franklin, nr. G. G. ave.
MISS M. W1LLE. crystal seer, life rt>ai2t-r;
without asking a question' reads your entire
life; ispecial. SI ihl* week only. 400 Geary.
MME.. PARKHURST. clairvoyant and card
reader: business advice: sittings <-lalty; 10 to
12 a. m.. 1 to 7 p. m.: 25c up. 38 McAllister.
A — Mme. Kaver.n i rcaCa life, business advice:
names given; 2ic up. o 4th st., near Market.
MTHS ZEMDAR, young gifted clftlr. and palm.;
names; 1. Bpc, g. $1. 714 Franklin. nr.G.G. ave.
MISS WARD, for a few days. 017 Market, rms.
11-12; gives dates, names, facts. [ Hours ll-t».
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader, re-
moved from 132 Uth to 23 Mi Cth; la.25c. g.OOc.
OLDEST lady palmist-and card reader In city.
3 2G'/J Kearny, room 20; ladles/ 25c; gents, 50c.
MRS. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune-
teller. is now at 317 Ellis st. .--. , - -
MRS. SHAKER, clairvoyant, card reader: sit-
tings dally. 44 8 V, Jessie at., bet. 8th and 6th.
CARPET BKATIXG AND CLEANING.'
AIR now universally used in cleaning carpets
on floor, without removal; price moderate.
K. F. C»mnre?«ed Air Cleaning Co., Call
building. Phone Main C237.
WHEN ycu become disgusted with your worlc
send for fiPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet- beat-
Ing Works. SSC-367 Tebama st. ; tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 180».rlar-
rleon at.: Al cleaning; 3c. Tel. Mission 225.
HOPKEBROS.: excellent earoet beating; mat-
tresses made over. 1432 Howard ;tel.South 21 «.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Ma'.n 3Ot. GEO. W'ALCOM & CO..' Props.
RUDOLPH k CO.. carpet-beattng works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrlron Ft.; tel.Mlyslon 263.
CONKLIN'S . Sur^rk-r. .Carpet-beating Wnrlu.
XVi Golden. Gate ave.:; telephone East 2fl.
CUBES BTTPTURE. ■ -
WHO DOES, 1T?~~HIJNTER.' 120« iiJarket at.
Send,fcr circular. x Why will you. suffer f.
COTTAGES TO LET.
SHOTWELL, 676 — Sunny 6-room cottage, bath,
etc.. yard and basement; $22.
COTTAGES TO JLET — FURXISHED.
COTTAGE: 3^^mT^d^bTth7"f^irn1^h7d^comI
plete. 304. Capp »t. Phone Blue 10S3.
BAD tenants ejected for S4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel. '■ — »6.
DEXTISTS.
DR. MURPHY. 504'-6-"8 CallaghanbTdg.. llarke:
and McAllister sts., uses the Basford Obtun-
der; the only device ever Invented for grind-
ing, drilling and excavating teeth without
pain. For demonstration call at offlce.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
$8 per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
A NEW pjate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs; crown, $3 50; fillings. 50c;
plates, |5; full set;. all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dentar Parlors, 24 Sixth.
ARTHUR CHISHOLM, *urg?on-dentist.r.l4, 1st
floor. Phelan bid., 806 Market, cor. O'Farrell. j
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Set teeth, $1 SO.up; crowns, $2 up; fillings, 25c.
GOLD fillings, 75c; silver. 35c; crowns. $2; no
paln;opon Sundays. Dr.O.B.Hewltt. 204 Sutter. :
1 ' '
PKKS».M AKEKS *AJ*P SEAMSTltESSKS
Accordion, sunburst and knife plaiting; double
ftamps on dress linings. Stewart's button and
buttonhole factory, 110, Taylor; tel. .Folsom 2121.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
Patterns cut to measure; eve, class. 1019 Mkt.
EDUCATIONAL.
NIGHT AND DAY SCHOOLS for men and
working boys; instruction from the fifth
grade to preparation for th9 university;,
day school of interest to all men; business
methods a specialty; personal attention
given; thirty Instructors; private coaching;
night law school; instructors from Univer-
sity of California and Stanford University:
Industrial classes; men have the advantage
of our extensive engine room; complete
plant, boilers, dynamos, engines, pumps,
etc.: electrical engineering, assaying; stu-
dents have all other privileges of the asso-
ciation if desired: international certificates
given to students. completing the courses and
passing the examinations; young men. etrang-
ere coming to the city, directed to good
homes; association employment- agency for
bH graduates of our school; the beneficial
influence cf a great moral institution; our
work is indorsed by all the leading business
and professional men of the city; our educa-
tional work accredited by more than 115 uni-
versities and colleges In the United States:
mechanical, freehand drawing; naval archi-
tecture, stenography, typewriting and other
specialties; advantages over other tchools,
tuition less, instruction superior: we are not
In business to make money, but "to make
men?; especially advantageous to young*
men coming from the interior. Call or write
for descriptive catalogue, the Young Men's
Christian AFsoclation Institute of Practical
Eduction for Men and Boys. H. J. McCOY.
General Secretary, San Francisco. Addresa
alt communications to LE ROY BURNS
SMITH. Educational Director.
ANOTHER enlargement at CALIFORNIA
BUSINESS COLLEGE; an army of workmen
are putting the finishing touches on our new
home, 001-925 Golden Gate ave. The develop-
ment of this progressive school has been one
of -the greatest successes of t!ie West: 18,000
square feet, 33 rooms, 450 students, 18 teach-
ers. Write for 75-page illustrated catalogue.
The growing life and enthusiasm here will
be a constant inspiration to you.
AYRES, the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket St.; established 18 years: lire scholarship,
$50; bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
arithmetic, spelling, etc. : positions secured;
the college refurnished with new typewriters
and furniture January 1. Catalogue free.
NEW Juvenile "aepartment of the- Paul Gerson
School of Acting now open; applicants re-
reived from 0 to 12 years of age; Miss Lillian
Muscio, principal: exceptional advantages:
largest school of the kind in the West: send
for catalogue. Native Sons' Hall. 414 Mason.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the university, law and medical colleges;
ref.. President Jordan or any Stanford profes-
sor; day and evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
HINMAN'S Academy; a thorough school of
• dancing: established 20 years. 1412 Polk St..
between Pine and California: both adult and
children's classes are now open for the.season._
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST. S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy. English branches: day
and night sessions; Illustrated catalogue free.
A LARGER and better school than ever; enter
at once If you desire a rood position: Gregg
shorthand. Ellis bookkeeping. S. F. Business
College, 1236 Market St.
ATTEND Gallagher-Marsh Business College on
advice of official court reporters and be coin-
latent stenographers. 1382 Market; catalog.
School of Singing — Opera, concert and oratorio;
voices cultivated: method, Italian; engage-
ments secured. Carlos N. Keller. 361 Geary.
•HEALD'S School of Mines & Electricity. 24 Post
St.. 8. F. ; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec, min., mech.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide: day. ev. ; est. 1S64. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
DANCING Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday. Sun-
day evgs., Teutonia Hall. Howard St., near
8th. Prof. Foster; society dancing taught.
WESTERN Business College. Odd Fellows' bid. ;
bookkeeping, shorthand, touch, '.yplng, arith.,
spelling, writing, etc.: day, eve.; $1 mo. eve.
GOLDEN GATE Commercial College moved to
Ayreo' Business College. 723 Market, rm. 2t>.
SPANISH, French.etc. Prof.DeFillppe'sAcademy
of languages, 320 Post ;estab'd 1871:ablest profs.
BANJCs- mandolin and guitar thoroughly
taught: orchestra practice. 4ti2 Geary st.
LADIES wishing to learn millinery art, com-
plete system taught. 139 Poet st., room 37.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION ...Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine st Night class.
PIANO lessons.. 2oc half hour. MRS. PECK,
"experienced teacher. 1013 Mission, nr PIxtiu
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
GET your help at PINE JAPANESE EMPLOY-
MENT OFFICE and Hous<«ecleaning Co. 1333
I-".ne, nr Jap. M. E. Church; Dhone Poik 3tM36.
GEOPrGD AOKI. 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 135 —
Japanese-Chinese employment offlce; fur-
nishes best help; contracts for farm help, etc.
A — ORPIIEUM Employment Offlce — .lapanes»-
Chinese help. 426 Powell st. Tel. Main 37C2.
FRITZ'S Emp. Offlce; Japanese and Chinese
help. 41.1 Stockton. Tel. Grant 168.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice: all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main S1SS.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEM A LE.
A MIDDLE a*ed woman would like position
us housekeeper or work in a small private
family of , adults: good plain cook: no wash-
Ing: wases ?2O; car fare; no cards. 545
Minna ft.
YOUNG lady, competent experienced stenog-
rapher and typewriter, highest references, dc-
slifs position in or put of city. Box 201S,
Call offlce.
LADY going to Europe in spring would like to
act as companion to other lady, or grown
children, during passage, for traveling ex-
penses. Box 2024, Call office.
WOMAN .wants to do light housework for smai!
family; object, good home; small wages; ref-
erences. Box 2019, Call.
A FIRST-CLASS Swedish cook wishes a posi-
tion in a small American family; wages $30
or $35. Box 2022, Call.
,MIDDLE-AGED woman wants work; city or
1 country; not afraid of hard work; good cook
and washer and ironer. Housekeeper, 143 3d.
RELIABLE woman, with girl 4 years. wi3hes
work where she can take her child: city or
| country ;.?10 to $12. Box 2025, Call offlce.
RELIABLI^middle-aged woman wants posi-
tion as working housekeeper or cook; wages
$'J0. Box 21120, Call office.
2 SWEDISH girls want positions to do house-
work; plain cookins. Address 123<4 Langton.
NORWEGIAN girl, wishes to secure ordinary
housework. Address 5'JO Castro st: ~
FIRST-CLASS infant's, nurse; $25., 94i Grace
st., Golden Gate.
STRONG, temiwate, honest American woman
: wants work; $1^25 and carfare: carpet clean-
ing or laundry work a specialty; absolutely
reliable. ■ 174 Fourth St., room 10, 1st flight.
SWEDISH girl wants position as cook or gen-
eral housework: wages KM to $35. Call
., from 9 to 12, at 1819 Polk st.
GOOD laundress wants work b" the day; $1 23
a'day.no postals ; answered. >5<V) Minna St.,
near Seventh. - . '
YOUNG girl -wishes a place for light house-
work. Call at lti Danvera st. ; take Eight-
- eenth-st. cars. ,
E3IPLOYMEXT WASTED FE3IALB.
WANTED— A position as governess by German
young lady. Phone John 2091 or 67S Twenti-
eth st.. Oakland. '
LADY wish»s to go out to do washing by the
day. Apply 517 Ninth st.. In rear. Oakland.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Braoch offlce. cor. Duncan & Church sta.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
• Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister st.
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 100S Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED MALE.
POSITION wanted by youns man, 3 years'
banking. 5 years' railroad experience; «ic-
curate stenographer and typist; excellent ref-
erences. H. N. PRATT, 520 North Second
St., San Jose.
GARDENER, first class, single, long expe-
rience in landscape gardening, growing of
■ flowers and greenhouse work, wishes a situa-
tion on a private place; references. Address
H. H., box 20:t0, Call offlce.
B.VRBERS — A first-class middle-aged man o*
family wishes a position in first-class ship
outside of city; prefers small town on ac-
count of family. Box 2020, Call.
YOUNG man. 20. wants position in wholesale
ur retail grocery; six years' experience. Box
2028, Call office^
WANTED — Position by young man of 23; flrst-
class references. L. B. S., 305.'. Sixteenth st.
BARKEEPER, first-class man. would like to
hear of a position. DOUGLAS, 918 Hyds at.
INTELLIGENT youns man (Swiss), 19, speak-
ing German only, wishes any position in
hotel, lodglng-housa or private family: is
willing and obliging. Call or address. Mon-
day or Tuesday. A. L.. 676 Castro St.. near
Twentieth.
A MAN and wife wish position;, man under-
stands care of horses, can milk cows, care
garden and is a general man around place;
wife good cook and laundress. S. P., 77
Ninth st.
BARBERS — A first-class barber wants a
steady Job in a good shop or short hours and
Saturdays and Sundays. Address L. L.. box
2010, Call offlce.
STEADY, sober man of ZS wants worlc in a
planing mill; understands band saw, rip saw
and planer; city or Oakland. Address or call
evenings bet. 6 and 8. G. a.. 18 Houth Park.
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper having business
occupying part time desires employment for
remainder; expertlng accounts or putting
books In arrears up to date. Box 143. Call.
BY a trustworthy man, position as night
watchman; can furnish be«t of references.
Address I. B., 756 Folsom st.
AN all around good carpenter wants work;
city or country. 1S04 Sutter St.; tel. Scott
3281. t
In apartment-house; experienced on
elevator and steam heating plant. Address
A. SCHMID, 533 Sacramento st.. city.
GOOD plain carpenter, h2» tools, would like a
place on a large stock ranch or large private
place in country. Eox 2C04, Call office.
POSITION wanted by expert window trimmer,
card and ad. writer; best of references given;
either in or out of city. Box 172. Call offlce.
WANTED — Position as toolsmlth in stoneyard. '
quarry or machine shop; expert st»el worker;
best of references. Box 133. Can.
WANTED — By experienced bookkeeper, small
set of bcoks to keep in evening; rates very
reasonable. Box 1S3. Call.
YOUNG Frenchman would like a situation as
cook in private family; best of references
from Paris. B. O-, 519 Jackson st.
FIRST-CLASS bread and cake batter on all
kinds of breads and cakes. Box 139. Call.
YOUNG man wants position as man about place
or housework. Address H. J.. box 2002, Call.
YOUNG man desires employment, .any kind;
not afraid of hard work. Box 2003. Call.
YOUNG man desires employment of any klr.d
during the evenings. Address box 184, Call.
CASHIER, restaurant, or night clerk, lodging-
house, is open for employment. Box 207, Call.
A COMPETENT man desires position as
watchman. Address H. F.. 619 Third st.
TOUNG Japanese wants position a* house an<1
cooking helper In city; wages. $4 week and
up. BEN, 717 Fulton st.; tel. 2451.
GOOD Japanese boy wants work and attend
school: understands everything. M. NAKAO.
431 Stevenson St.. city. '
A JAPANESE boy wants situation to do
housework and b«lp cooking In city. H.
HAMA. 933ii McAllister St.; tel. Fell 2039.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at lootf
Valencia it.
FEATHER REXOVATISO.
! BY new. healthful process. Cal. 3ts*3i Feather
Co.. 825 Van Ness ave.: tel. Howard 31S7.
FIXAACIAL.
~™~~~~~~~ ™~ pER ce^t
Is paid on ordinary savings accounts and 9
per cent on term accounts by the Phoenix
Savings B. and L. Association. 516 Cali-
fornia st. A. A. Watkins, president; Charles
R. Bishop, vice president: S. Premiss Smith,
treasurer; Clarence Grange, secretary and man-
aging director; Gavin McNab, attorney: George
<\ Boardman and Charles E. Ladd. directors;
Walter K. Smith, cashier.
Subscribed capital. $8,000,000; paid In capi-
tal. $1,000,000: reserve fund. $200,000.
COMPANIES Incorporated, financed and stock
floated. W. H. BITTNER. Lawyer and Fi-
nancial Ae»r.t. 322 EmW Spreckela bide.
FLATS TO LET.
A— HOUSES and flats to let: an tmraeni* Uit;
service absolutely free; take at! van tags of
this department: It will iav* you time asd
trouble. Cordes FurBitur* Co.. 245-238. O*»ry
it., on tha square.
ALL of the most desirable flats and houses «r»
listed In our renting department; let us glv»
ycu a lict and help you find one in th» loca-
tion you want. BTERLINO FURNITURE
COMPANY. 1039 Markit ct.; services abso-
lutely free.
NEW. modern, sunny upper flat: 5 rooms; rent
$25. 1400 Eighth ave.; south Golden Gate ■
Park.
FLAT of four large rooms; rent $16. f»31
Grove St.. near Laguna.
FLAT of ft rooms to let: furniture for sale.
MfijJ Baker St.; key. In rear.
$17 — SUNNY flat. 4 rooms, bath, tasement.
130 Eureka #t.. near Eighteenth.
FLATS TO LET — FCUXISI1ED.
FLAT of 1 3 sunny rocms; chlnrt closets: porce-
lain bath: hot and cold water: complete far
housekeeping; no children; $25. 332 Hayes.
NICELY furnished Rat of 7 rooms; modern
throughout. 1256 California. Call 12 to 2.
FURNISHED flat. 3 rooms; bath and gas
48U Golden Gate ave.
$15— TO let, furnished sunny 4-room flat. 2S29
Washington st.
FLATS FOIL SALE- — Ii'tRMSHED.
THE furniture ,Jn a 4-room flat for sale, cheap-
rent reasonable. Call to-day, liv, Dykemari
place, off Mason st.. near O'Farrell.
6-ROOM furnished flat for sale; 2 rooms rent-
ed, $1S. 1007Vi Folsom at., near Sixth.
A BEAUTIFULLY furnished flat of "«ix room-.
complete. Call afternt»or.:». 1.VJ4 Webster »t."
Kl'RMTl'HE FOH SALE.
A— $100 NO 7 combination coal and TiZ
range; used 2 weeks; $50. 403 Valencia* st.
FL'RX IT URE WA XTE U.
HIGHEST prices for furniture and radse L. H
BURP, auctioneer. ISIS Mkt.: tel. Howard {^M ■
HELP WASTED FEM.VLe!
A COOK and second girl, same house in city
$.30 and $23; 3 first class second girls ror
city, x;.u and x_a: a waitress and second girl
$30: a waitress and parlor maid. $3O mus
PLUNKKTT. 425 gutter »t.. near lWeil
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND RIV-
ETEPS; NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY-
PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS ft CO ? S
FACTORIES. 32^ FREMONT St7 AND 197a
MlShON, NEAR FIFTEENTH.
A— OPERATORS. on ladles* waists. 656 Mis-
sion Et., third floor.
A— OPERATORS on ladies' underwear. C5G
Mission St., third flocr.
A— OPERATORS on children's wash suits-
good pay. «5»> Mission St.. third floor.
Fn ?5 T ; CLlA!?y rt nish p r on coats: wace* $1(> up"
JlU^iJ^rk^jt^O^EJ^U^&ABRA II AM
A ™.' J , *o d « bou.oework and plain cooking.
SJb GoMen Gate ave.
HELP WASTED-— FEMALE— -Con.
4~T;OOKsT'wHh and without washing. -$"0-$_j5
Cook small restaurant, no pastry i—*
Housework. '{ family, no steps or window .■».♦ ..<»
» secoml girl-, c'.ty iiuTm
2 ladl<>»' maids *- J "*',.
Second sir!. :; family. Burllnxant* *_.»
4 nurse girl*, city an>l fan Rafael. 3 *. |2IM2a
Ccok ar.U nurse, same houje; will ti '*f
motbfr ar.d daughter *"•'
Siansl'* S*r'. laundry, country *»>' vv |7.'*
look, priest's" house ••• '-•_'
Waitress, Mcnterey. fare paid f-.>
Waitress .for very nice laniily hotfl m
cl ,y •-•*
Chntr.bYrmaiU an.l some waitresses for nice
wtMfr hotel, springs, country .S-3
Chambermaid and waiting, springs, fai^
4 a cnarnbC-rniaid», "wait one meal. clty.S2^-*-5
■It nous- girls, city ami country. *-(»-*-'.>-»::i>
Apj.ly to J. F. CROSKTT & CO.. -«t Suiter.
•\ FIRST-Cl.AS.-* ironer. $12 week: also man-
xle girl, same place. $l'» W»«k: country; In
laundry; fare here. J. F. CWOSETT & CO..
£U Gutter st. -.'•"-' - : : -
A WORKING housekeeper. $."55; cook. S-15;
house girl. $35. must havr ref*. : hou.H- girl.
.<an Rafael. «-«o ; 2 2<1 girl*. $23; 10 DOOM
girls, $25 and £J">. MRS*. NORTON, Sl.'t Sutter
GiRt Housework, city. $"J>: girl, hotitework.
$23: -waitress. Commercial Hutei. 3. J.
BEAN, 17 Fourth at.: phone Bush 107.
W'ANTKD — Girls to loarn hairdresser.
manK-unrjr, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
in 2 weeks: $5 to thos« entertnsr now; 3 po-
sitions to fill immediately; positions guaran-
teed at *10 per week up; leading school la
West. 233 Geary St.. room VI.
A GIr.s to learn millinery now for spring sea-
son; both seasons taught from start to fl:ii«.:i
\n 1 month for $15: positions as trimmers,
salesladies, etc., guaranteed at $10 per wi. up;
day and evening class. 113 Stockton St.. r. 13.
A— LADIES to learn all branch** hairdresser
trade manicuring, nr.assase. etc. 123« Mar-
ket «t.. cor. Jones, room 04; positions secured)
at highest wagea?; day and eve, class: call.
GIRLS about 16 to worlc In factory: good
wages; ateady employment. Apply at cnc»,
AMES & HARRIS. 100 Sacramento «t.
EXPERIENCED glove makers; welted Eurw-
kas: steady. CARSON GLOVE COMPANY,
12-'> Second at.
WANTED — Competent eirl for weond worlc
and *ewin«r: must have references; ■*«*••
■525. Call at 10T.5 Clay st.. before 3 o'clock.
WANTED— A la<ly palmist: can make $100 p«r
month. Box 2ttK. Call offlce.
GOOD coat flnish-r wanted. 520 Kearny »t.
rocm 1. first floor.
FIRST-class tailoress wanted on custom coats;
steady work: good pay. 533 Natoma st.
FIRST-class pants finisher. 533 Kearny at..
room 15.
A GOOD vest operator: "steady work: also %
second operator who can back vests; a!s»»
v»st finishers; sVady work. Apply S. N.
WOOD * CO.. 27 Geary st.
STRONG German grirl. general housewirk.
plain cooking; $20 per month. 12O Eleventh
st.. top floor.
LADIES wishing Lght paying work call at
502 O'Farrell Bt.. room 3.
YOl'NG women v good education, train for
nurses: privats hospital. Box 2008. Call.
TALENTED 'amateur performers. Apply at
Chutes 6 p. m. Wednesday: salary no object.
ADVERTISEMENTS. «ub8crlptlons received at
"Call Branch offlce. cor. Duncan & Church st*.
A BRANCH offlce of The 1 Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
open*d at IOCS Market at.. ccposlt» Fifth.
Op>n until 11 p. m.
HELP WA.NTKD-MALE.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and «3»i Clay »t.
Phone Main 5.S4*.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
lVO.'J we gave 1001 we hope ta
60,000 men work. incr;ase «0.<Xw.
Arizona.
We ship to
Arizona, close to Prescott.
500 men for railruad construction.
We ship to
l J10 miles— Arizona— $3 10.
Engineers.
2 engineers to run hoist in mine. $30; young
man to drive bakery wagon. $3O and founti,
porter, city restaurant. $^5 and found: vege-
table man, mine boa rdlng- bouse. {30 and
found; kitchen hand. city. *s week. .. .
Wagon maker, country shop, $;: day; 3 BufiC
ers. country jobs, fare paid, $35 and found:
terra cotta mold maker; farmers; chore men;
milker; gardener, city; gardener, country:
carriage trimmer and leather cutter; mar-
ried gardener, country, see boss hers: mar-
ried laborers. sawmill company; milker,
north, fare paid, good Job. $35 and found.
Woodc hoppers.
20 men to chop 4-foot redwood. 80c cord.
15 men to chop 4-foot pine. $1 23 cord.
10 men to chop 4- foot hardwood, $1 50 ccr<i.
For big lumber company; steady work, sum-
mer and winter: good ground to work on.
MURRAY AND READY. t34 and 636 Clay st.
SHAPER man, $3 day. for planing mill;
milker. $40 and found; milker and wife:
farmer. $25 and found: plain carpenter, $3
to $2 25 day; cook and wife, country, $55.
and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 623
Sacramento st.
A GROOM for private family. $35 and found:
a stableman for private place, $33 and found;
m-jKt be young and have referenc-a. MIS3
PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter st.. near Powell.
A — HOTEL Gazette. 26 Montgomery at., roorm
. 12; bar porter, country hotel, $23; barber, ail
the year resort. $45 and found.
A MAN and wife, small ranch. 950; •*•> party
3 o'clock. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter at.
' WANTED — For V. 3. army, able-bodied un-
married men, between asea of 21 and 33:
citizens of United States, of good character
and temperate habits, who can apeak, real
and write English. For information apply t-»
Recruiting Officer. Rlalto building. New
Montgomery St.. San Francisco, or 1023 Se;-
end at.. Sacramento. Cal.
__ _ i.
Men to learn the barber trade. In two months
and secure good positions: catalogue and full
Information mailed, free. MOLER System
College. 635 Clay at.
130 YOITNO men, IS years of ags. rl go-xt
character, to Join a social military organlza-
, ticn. B. SZANIK. 473 Valencia St.; call
between 6 and S d. m.
WHY pay big price* to have your shoes hair-
soled when you can t^t it done for 23c, 30©
and We while you wait at 653 Mission at..
bet. 1st and 2d stV.. or 11 Third st.
ASSISTANT in office work; must understand
something of the grocery business. B3X
20?7. Tall office.
WANTED— Man and woman for light work on
rnnch; Christian home: ■ $30 a month and
found. Address box 1492. Call offlce.
WANTED — A boy ahout 14 years. 9. yj'.
WOOD & C©.. cor. Powell and Eddy *ta.
WANTED— Boys. JOE ROSENBERG. Jt;rj
Market si.
A GOOD tailor on repairing. 118 Montgomery
ave.
WANTED — Respectably reliable buys to dis-
tribute samples. Call HO Tenth st. .after s.
TAILOR Wftntod on custom coats; steady work-
tjood ray. 600 Natoma st.
GOOD barber wanted. 208 Third St., near
BARBER wanted. 25<s: Foisom st.
i WANTED — A first-class waiter. 29 Stockton
street. RRBH
BIMOI1T. n*ct cash boys want?d. Vr.p»y
suprrintenth'r.t's offlce. The Emporium.
LI NOTYPE operator wanted. ." ThVcouri^rT
Petctlu:n&. <
2-CHAIU bai'oer shop: will «ptl cheap; gc.r?
East. Address box 2il. Lciil. Cal.
TRY cur men's shoes, union mmle. at $1 an.l
$1 50 pair; fect-form shoes at $2 oh; we p«v
express cr mail charges. 11 3d St.. Exam. b!d.
WANTED — A WnograDhv 1 : young man; one
with eTP<"-ri*nc(« in machine cost arcntints
preferr<x! tlteraincton machine;. AdJresa
box 2tH)7. Call offlce.
WANTED — Mt-n and women to ]»arn the b'ar-
ber trade. Call cr addr?*s V«"KSTKRN COL-
LEGF. OF BARBERS. «47 Commercial «..
San Francisco.
WANTED — Younjr man stenographer and type-
.writer; state age. salary expected and places
employed if any Box 9^4. Call offlce.
BARBER shop: must sell quick: other bu»I-
niss; 4 chairs: swell; cheap. Box 1026. Call
office, Oakland. >
PENSION ATTY.. M. HARRIS 40 Ellis st.: 11
years' practice; references rroro thouxanU. of
_I^?rson3_ for whom I have secured pensions.
COOK wanted. Hotel, corner Eay and Webster
6t«. ; come early.
BARBER shop — Hotel; :: chairs: saenflce.
I Franklin st.. cor. Marker.
TWO-CHAIR barber shop fpr~*ale: established
_1 il e * TS- App| y 222. Gous^st.
MUSICIANS to Join mmtary~baai~K3 B«w*
1 at., third floor, room 4.A — PACIFIC EMPLOY MKNT AGEXCT,i
528 — lli!.-;omcr)' ±t- — 5^'U.
i'ho::e ilai:. IUU— Upctalra.
SPECIAL-SKIP TO-DAV.
Frwt fare To x«-«d»;
.vtvarta— S. P. n. R. Co.'s orn.r.or!:— L't»
luiiuclincn. uratier and corner n-^:k. Fltvc
»are to-«iay, T.u day.
Cfcrpcatcrc, sc* v:s ts-*l*y; 2 proners. large
orchard, *outh. ?1 25 .inj found: carriage
painter, country tiiop. ?.; day. near city
• uuk. rancli. $28 and round; clerk, keep
l-Ooks. count; y More. $'!0 r.nU found; wood-
ihopixre. a^w joJ>. ncrtii.
WANTED— Kipv-rSrr.crd solicitors, men and
v. cnK'n. to handle merchandise contract*;
pood i*om;-.0!»!<ati'.n; cary proposition to
plate: laresUffttes. Royal Mercantile Co..
ran* i:i, CdtnabUa h'.ds-. or U52 Broadway.
Ockl::nU.
liAI'I>::i:^. u»!;- r.ctlcs — Th* office c7 secre-
tary »r.J Fr.c Enyj'.oymt nt Bureau has re-
moved tu 9 Citjr Hall ?n., or 15CJ Mail.et *t.
•Tc^rr.ty-nen P.srlx-rs" Unicn. Local 14S JOS.
_l:. BLEI1.Y. Srcrriarv.
Ti:Y our turn's thoc!>. ur.Icn made, at $1 a:-.d
• $1 M» per pair, foot-fern] «h<>os at $2 50 or
orthopedic s^opf. $:: CO; b->n shoe? on enrth. 11
Third ft.. Kiram. l:Iag.. 5 doors from Market.
WANTED — LstN rers and mechanics to know
'hat l:<i Tiolhln. Urrio House proprietor, has
addvj KO r.cw room* to the Denver Hcuse,
217 Thlid rt.: 2*.O rooms: 2jc to 50c per night.
MAN to do Jcnitnr work for tuition in S. F.
Harbor Schoo:. 711 Howard *t.
SAILORS cr.d orUlnrry seamen for deep-water
► !:'.rs. Apt'.y DENT'S place. 2G Steuart Rt.
WANTED — A flrF'.-class carriage blaclitn-.lth at
red wagcf. ApptT tn A. ME1STER & SONS
CO.. Sacrara emq. Cal.
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullls. room 46. Phelan
bifig. Past Cvm. Ceo. H. Thorr.as Post. O.A-K.
WINCHESTER Tlotel. 44 Th'rd et.. near Mar^
ket — "CO vcijrr.F. :{Sc r.'.sht; reading-rooms;
:ree 'bi* ana bgggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office of The Cal! for the reception
fit BdvertiseriT.t* and subscriptions has been
opened nt Kx'S Market «t.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
ALL s'.ze* men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
rrlce. SG3 M'.reion St.. »x>t. 1st and 2d sts.
CF.T your sh-^s half solerl while waiting: 23e
to .V)c. TCI Mission ft.. h»t. 1st nnd 2d sts.
HORSES AND WAGONS.
AT SHfUcr., Tuesday. February 8, 11 ■- rn., al
1140 Fo'.soni t;.. there will be a large con-
t>'gnn:ent of S3 horses and marec. 4 sur-
ries. '2 phaetons. '.• carts, 3 express. 4 ped-
dling. 2 cair.p nagcns, 2 ttandups. 1 20-pas-
r-enjrer carryall. 1 dcrafeey buggy and harness.
1 f».st read horye. 35 s»ts of harness. WIL-
LIAM POOCH. Auctioneer.
BAY horse, 6 years old. 15 hands, sound ar.<l
ifentie; buggy and harness; will sell reason-
able. Box 2i«. Call offlce.
«'<>1-T. 1 year old. for sale cheap, or will trade
for anything. 1M7 Fanchf-z *U
A GOOD buggy, built for businej>«. In good
running order, for $45. Box 195. Call.
COMBINED hay and coal wagon. 916 Capp
St.. z;tar Twc-nty-fourth.
A DEUVEBT horse for sale; jrice $25. 1833
Turk et.
FOR tale — Six second-hand express wagons
and two trucks. 2X1 Fteale st.
Al EXPRESS wagoti. light camping wagon
and go-cart fcr sale cheap. &SJ Mission st.
Lprgeft. assortmt 2d-hand wagons, buckbd.ror-
r>-y. harms?. work. driving hor?*«. 15th-VaIencia
HOt SES TO LET.
A— PRINTED lift of house* to let; 6end for cir-
cular. OH. CMBSEX & CO.. 20 Montgomery.
BEFORE moving g«"t our printed list of houses
to l"t. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 25 Pott St.
!IOIM> llll\I-lli:!l FOR SALE.
$GT>0: ML'ST sell to-day; parties going away:
*«-room^-d houfp; new furniture. 1009 Sut-
ter ft.
I.\\KSTME\TS.
BONDS. STOCKS AND MORTGAGES.
All dividend-paying eecurltieg for tale.
GERMANIA INVEST CO.. P27 Market St.
LOSrAXD FOl'AD.
LOST — Bet wet n Mission and Twenty-se-cond
its; and Bartlett s-t-, above Twenty-third, a
m::;k tur collar. Suitable reward by return-
ing to 'J^>A) Mission st,
LOST — Saturday nisht. between NinHeenth and
C«pp st*. *nd Kol«om ar.d Eighth, hand-
.-n:< .•;•: contaiiiinr shoe? and wearing ap-
parel. Return to 1224 Folsom st. ; reward.
PURSE — Owner can ba\e raise by proving
property and paying txpenses. Apply 'M
Str^kton et.
LOST— Silk umbrella. February 8. on Twenty-
third st.. ln-tween HarriKon and Folsom. Re-
turn to g70> Harrison St.; reward.
LOST— Browr. wrist bag containing raaU
tlack puna with $50 5. r >. keys, ring and few
paitf-rs.. 7 Broderirk rt. ; reward.
LOST— OaM rpert&cl(* and case. bet. St. Paul's
<'hurch tnd residence. 4120 2'Jth et. : reward.
LOST — Diamond, with a setting. Reward If
returned to S55 Carp ft. .
L<"»PT — White "Jog, black spots; name "Brunt."
2';i2 Gough St.; t-uitable reward.
FOUND — Hunting dog; owner can have same
by identifying and expense. 700 Harrison St.
MEDICAL.
MKS. DR. WVETH, specialist for all female
complaints; instant relief guaranteed; 30
years experience; removed to 826 Post et.
SIRS. DR. KOHL, reliable rpeclallst for all fe-
male troubles and irregularities; instant re-
licf guaranteed. 100S4 Market st.. opp. 5th.
DR. G. W. O'DOXNELL — All who are sjck or
In trouble consult this specialist on female
romplair.U; positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped: the most difficult cases treated;
ajvlce free. Office. 1018 Market st.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
positively cured; new method: 1 week's treat-
rr.ent free. Dr. Cottingham, 20* Sutter st.
MRS. D. ALLKN. 111S Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist; a. private home before and during
confinement: best mefilca.1 care: low fees.
Drs. Goodwin, "33 Turk. nr. Van Ness — Expert
In cbstetrlrs. female complaints; inst. relief;
treatment 110; hours. 10 to S; 25 year** exp*r.
DR. WESTON — Prompt relief for ladies: con-
sult him free. 505 Kearny St.; tel. Main 481.
DR. ROEEN resides 2935 Folsom St.. corner
2€tb: ladies, relief or no fee; $10.
DR. snd MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
T'.r'.r eI method cf treatment. 1128 Market et.
DR. NO TOY kTE. 318 Powell St.. opposite
Union Square: ail dl«fa»es cured by herbs
MIXES AMI MIXING
THE Mocterey Gold Mining Company, which
owns one of the most valuable mines In Cali-
fornia, has placed on the market 20,000 shares
cf it* '•-■'» fct 25c a share, the par value
being $1. Mr. J. J. Taylor, the eminent min-
ing expert, is In charge cf the work and re-
pnrtt that the richnens of the mine is gaining
rapidly «f the work advances: this stock will
r<- tc $2 a thare within the next 12 month*;
Interested parties can see the quartz and gold
taken OCt of this rr.ine at the office of their
fiscal :;.■' '•"■',
GERMAXIA INVEST. CO.. P27 Market st
WE loan money oa reining stocks — Therefore, if
you with to buy a. pood dividend rtock at 20
to 40 jier cent of actual value, write us at
ence, naming the s;ock you want; mining peo-
ple everywhere get money of us and often
lose their mm-k; wo have several solendld
1 :•;-:••: >. to offer: let uk prove It. MOODY &
«'O.. 123 pryth Prnadtvay. Los Angelas. Cal.
BIISCKLLAAKOUS FOR SALE.
EOILEKS. englr.e*. 2d-band machinery. McIN-
• TOSH &. WOLPMAN. 1&5-107 Fremont st.
IX>nS TOUR P.OOF LEAK? ~~ "
'ncpa'.r it with claterlte; In rolls easy to lar.
Dredk do paintirg or ccatinr; good over old
Iron, tin cr shingles; beet for new roofs.-
CLATEP.ITE HOOFING CO.. 713 Market St.
CD- HAND machinery, bcllers. engines, pumps.
pulleys, ehaftlr-g. et?.. etc.. bought, sold,
rtnted and exchanged; tee Sunday papers.
H. 6. WHITE MCI1Y. CO.. T20-122 Beale st.
A— Fine suits, $7 iO; €re*s »j«nts. $2 50. Orlg-
lntl Mfcflt Cloth! rg Parlors. 2-1S Kearny St..
ct-ar Burn; open to :> p. m.. Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, sell* or Vents gear machinery, en-
rlnee, boiler*, water pipe, thaftlng. pulleys,
etc. 1VHITELAW. 25U-203 Spear St.
3 "OR sale, to I* removed; 782 El!!? et.. bet.
Larkln and Polk; mnke offer. Apply MADI-
S'JN £ BURKE, SO Montgomery st.
A FINE selection cf trunks, rult cases and
tailor-made raits rold on email weekly pay-
ments. M::fH Cloth^ig Pcrlors. 25 Stockton.
TV PE WPJTERS. Eifghtly used, sold at cost;
r.ew UnderwooJ v:sible typewriter catalcf
tent free. It. E. P.e%-.-:lk & Co.. Ean Francisco.
ALTEP.AT1ON isale— Bc*t $2 £0 bats, tl SO.
Popular Price Hatter. :::o Kearny st.. near
J r.f : open to U p. in.; m-t.Jbv* to noon.
COMMERCIAL gTaphoi<bone; prrftct condi-
tion; (21. 4US L'llit at., room €5.
s***h^^« «s^ " ' ■ '" | f •"^■^■s^^ fl tt sST^^™ *BB .^^^^^B s^—^™W^*B M M *
M1SCELLAXCOCS FOR SALE — Con.
TRY cur met.' » staael ut $1 and $1 .V> pair;
foct -fgrm shoes at $2 00: we pay express
charge*. 11 3d st.. ifxam. bid.: catalog free.
Su c r.OLI. a:-.d uu: ri:ie wall paper; camples
iv.ailod; painting, tinting, t-apering. M. MEK-
IOAN. 1202 Webster. Tel. JacUson 1321.
TWO iliorouelibrcd Holctela bulls and a lot
::nn lar.illy lrf-s-h cews at BCHAEFER*S
.STOCK YARD, i-an Bruno road.
j FOI! rolr — A fine young milk goat. Call at
ui"2 Shctwell Et.
TWO cocker spaniel pups lor sale; cheap. 19IS
Hyde st.
SAILING nrk fcr fishins and hunting. 328
! liush Ft., third floor, room i.
fcAFKS and cash rec'.Fters. new and Fecond-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1339 Market st.
DESKS bought, sold and exchanged. T. D.
MCCARTHY CO.. 7S2 Mission: tel. Bush »C7.
MILKS of pIdp and fktlncs: all sizes. EU-
liKXK K1LKY * SONS, 10>.) Vallejo St.
EOMK G°?d f>cond-hand pafolin- rna'.r.es. 1 to
12 h. p.. ctuap. E. B. Beck & Co.. 122 Mkt.
SLOT machines cheap: Chlcacoe*. Twentieth
Centurie*. Pucks. BACIGALUPI. 933 Market.
DKSKS and safes; *ee the .-omplcte line at IS16
Murfcct. ab. Vai: Ner?. RICHARDSON BP.OS.
SAFER— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN PAFn CO.. 307 Battery st.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, rale, rental;
barp.iins. Bu'.'.ard A Breck. Wl Post «t.
SAFF.F— New and fecond-hand. E. B. BECK
<■ CO.. 122 Market et.
l'-c » n phonographs, record?, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. Bacigalupi, 933 Mkt.
GASOLINi: et:rine?. automobiles and launcnea;
i»Il »>7.r«s. J. E. DOAK. -10 Fremont st.
ASK fcr prices on «rcond-hand typewriters; all
inakn. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Monigy.
MISCELLANEOUS \VA\TS.
LAmYE «eeond-band f-nfe wanted. BACIQA-
LUP1 PENNY AHCADE. 840 Market st.
Z PAY highest pricen for all kinds of cast-oft
clothing: *eml postal. MORRIS. 114 Harriet.
BOOKS and libraries bought. II. C. HOLMES.
1143 Market st. ; phone Jes?le 3741. or postal.
TII.TON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 !>lh St.; tel. Jessie 2851.
MO.VEY TO LOAN.
AAA^HERMAN MURPHY.
601-C02-C03 Examiner Building.
Quick eettlmjents; no disappointment.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Eftates. Record mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests, assignments of. rents, property In trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests m property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount on *
1st. 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels, tn city, town
or country. .
I/ow rate of interest,
(live full particulars
of property or chattels.
Location, etc.
Box 4CS. Call offlce. .
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding houses, without
security: easy payments; largest business In
40 principal cities. Tolman, f>53 Parrott b!dg.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at 2
per cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
S46 Market; tel. Main 1644. Branch. 19 Third.
A — 1 per cent on furniture or piano; no remov-
al, no commission, no publicity ;$25 up. quick.
private, confidential. 26 Montgomery, rm. 7.
MONEY to loan on low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
5 '
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant ave..
LOANS FROM $1 TO $1 0. 000.
NEW easy method — To wage-earners on unln-
dorsed notes; absolute privacy. Fidelity Loan
Company, rooms 48-49. Chronicle bldg.
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture: indorsed notes and other security. S. F.
Discount Agency. 143 Phelan building.
AT lowest rates on furniture and pianos; strict
pnvacy; no commission installments accepted
EONELLI. 301 Eddy, Conservatory building!
ANY sum on furniture or picnos; no removal;
lowest rate; easy payments; no commission!
U70 Market St.. room €8.
MONEY loaned; reasonable rates. NORTON
CO.. 70S Market it., room 207.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank, 53S Kearny.
3% ON furniture & pianos; 15 up; no removal;
no ccm. V. TREMAIN. room 81. 0 Eddy st.
I PER cent on furniture or piano. 1003 Mu-
tual Savings Bank building. 708 Market st.
ETAJt Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employee. R. 311, Mutual. Sav.Bk.bM.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
lndorser. MORELL. COO Examiner building.
MOSEY WASTED.
WANTED — $6000; 8 per cent guaranteed; le-
gitimate manufacturing business. A. R.
COULPON <XV. Inc.. Petaluma. Cat.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
A FINE lot c: bargains In second-hand pianos.
Including such makes as £telnway, Halnes
Bros.. Knabe, - Baus. Foster. Weber. Star,
Marshall & Wendell. Sterling and otber
mskes. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Far-
rell St.; no branches' In San Francisco.
ONLY rlano house in the city that will rent
yru a new riano for $'t per month and allow
« month.' rent and cartage oft purchase
price: *•-' ngents for McPhall. Schiller and
other makes. SCOTT-CURTAZ. 500 Hayes.
A FEW unredeemed storage pianos (also fur-
niture) will be sold to pay storage dirt cheap.
WHITEHEAD'S storage, IBM Market st.
CHEAP square and upright pianos; new and
second-hand organs; very easy payments.
403 Market st . second floor.
: NEW $50 nvjelc box for good typewriter. Box
191. Call office.
NEW pianos told on $5 monthly payments.
JOS. 6CHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st.
A FISCHER upright piano for sale; good as
new; $135. 237 Geary et.
$C5 — UPRIGHT piano: Steck mahogan«; nearly
new. HORNUNO BROS.. 216 McAllister st.
BEAUTIFUL 3-pedal Steinway upright piano;
perfect order; eacrlflce. Keen*e's,283 O'Farrell.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy pianos. CeclIIan piano
player. BYRON' MAUZY. 308-312 Post st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MfLLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES ASP STORES TO LET.
DESK ani storage room to let cheap. 161
New Montgomery ft.
UNFURNISHED rooms and offices to rent.
Apply 140 Geary at., opp. City of Paris.
BASEMENT TO IET.
TO let— Barement at 217% Mason St.; suitable
for billiard room.
PERSONALS.
THE public generally are hereby notified that
I nhiil not be responsible for any debts of
any nature whatsoever contracted by my
wife. Mrs. Ida Langhorne, residing at 2259
• Geary et.. S. F. H. M. LANGHORNE.
THE Etar Hair Remedy restores gray hair, Ira-
proves its growth. slops falllng.curcs dandruff
. and Itching scalp; no stain or ctlckinens;
cleances scalp;at druggists', hairdressers'; ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy CO.. !■'(£& Polk
GRADUATES of New York School of Massage
Osteopathy: vapor and electric baths; tace
vibrating machine for rheumatism; genuine
tubs, hot and cold water; trained nurses as
attendants. Pror. and Mrs. Morris, 400 Geary.
NOT how cheap but how good Is the motto of
the manufacturers of the Rapid Rotary
standard, the sewing machine of to-day. J.
W. EVANS, agent. 1021 Market st-
PHYSICIAN, 15 years' experience, cures per-
manently morphine, cocaine habit. Call or
address Central Pharmacy, 251 Grant ave..
cornrr Butter st. ; fee moderate.
M. ELLA HARRIS, the i»kin specialist, ehowe
the work that ia the important Item to persons
contemplating facial treatment. 781 O'Farrell.
LIQUOR habit cured; we guarantee a cure tn 2
days cr no charges. Acme Liquor Cure Co.,
yj7 Market St.. room 203.
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drug dis-
eases positively cured by Willow Bark Co.,
1839 Polk et. : consultation free; call or write.
AT less than cost, uncalled for suits, overcoats,
- and trousers et CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor. 72j Market at.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday, Sun-
day evgs.. Teutonia Hail. Howard st.. near
. Oth; Prof. Foster; society dancing taught.
J. XV. SPARROW, Jeweler, formerly ot Iu7
Geary et., hat moved to 21S Post st.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY. FEBRUARY 10, 1904.
PKH.SOXALS — Contlnnert.
Actlaa restores lost eyeslslit;cures deafness and
catarrh. A'VIDA CO., 3524 l'Jth, nr. Valencia.
MRB. Haton. electric needle rpjciallst, 3C9 Sut-
ler, r. <J05). Miss Eaton, 2:n Geary, room JS.
Hon Mnrohe Pants Co.; special |5 pants to or-
der. Rooms 14 & Hi. 40 Ellis. Tel. Drumm 44.
MASQUERADE costume?, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mkt.
SUPERFLUOUS hair C< moles removed by elec-
tric needle. Dr. &. Mrs.Travers, 1170 Market.
TAILOR-MADE suit S7 DO: dress pants $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont
ALFHEDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gra/
hair to us natural eclor; $1; at ali druggists'.
A WEEK'S news fcr 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
PALJti:S>TRV.- '
MIIK. DEVA8. scientific palmist and aitrolo-
gist, palm readings $1; 3 questions by «x-
prcss ?1 ; cr"-'n Tuesday evg. also.' 139 Pest st.
MM E. XEERGARD. located nt 242 Post; hours
1 to 5 daily. Phone' James 1. Classes.
H. JEROME FOSEI.LI. scientific palmist, 015
Taylor st. near (Jeary. Phone Black 5til.
PAINTING. ETC.
"ROOMS papered.. $* up; tinting painting,
Harttnarn Paint. Co. :t\» Third t tol. Main 41.1.
PHYSICIANS ANI» SURGEONS.
DR. C. crb'DONNELL— 6ffi^and~7esldence!
1C21& Market rt.. bet. Cth and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, tkin.flr.d rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073 Vi Market et.
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor,
treats all diseases ot the human body: for
pait four years at 115-117 Mason: now lo-
cated at CU7 Geary St.. near Leavenworth.
DR. TONG l'O CHY. tuccessor to Dr. LI Po
Tal. herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
DR. M. MATSCDA has returned from Orl»nt.
Now at SE. corner Geary and Taylor sts.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor— All dls-
easeji cured br Chinese herbs. 746-S Clay st.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for Cap Devli-cs — Depot quarter-
masters' offlce, 30 New Montgomery st.. San
Francisco. Cal., February 4, 11)04. — Sealed
proposals in triplicate will be received at this
office until 10 o'clock a. m. Friday, February
19. 1904, Pacific standard time, and then
opened, for furnishing 131,803 cap devices for
cavalry. Infantry, artillery and engineer
troops. Bids will be opened for the delivery
of the same artirle at the San Francisco, Bos-
ton. Chicago and Philadelphia d»pots. Prefer-
ence will be given to articles of domestic pro-
duction and manufacture, conditions of price
and quality being equal (including In the
pries of foreign production and manufacture
the duty thereon), and such preference will
be given to articles of American production
and manufacture produced on the Pacific
Coast to the extent of the consumption re-
* quired by the* public service there. The United
States p serve the right to accept or reject
any or all proposals or any part thereof. In-
firnmticn ar.d blanks for proposals will be
furnished on application. Envelopes contain-
ing j.ropcsals will be Indorsed "Proposals for
Cap Devices" and' addressed to Major C. A
Devol, Quartermaster. U. S. Arniv, -Depot
Quartermaster.
BIDS will be received until February 15. 1904
for the drilling of an oil well within 5 miiei
, of Evanston, Wyo. : plenty of water near by;
ccal can be put at the ■ ell at from $3 to $3 50
per ton; the contractors to furnish everything
and must prosecute the work diligently day
and right until completed. Bidders will
make separate bids at go much per foot to
sink 10CO feet, 1600 feet and 2000 feet deeu;
the ilie ot the hole to be not less than 6*4
Inches at the bottom on completion. The
right Is reserved to reject any and all bids
1! the price Is excessive. For further par-
ticulars write or call on the undersigned or
FRANK M. FOOTE. Evanston. Wyoming.
W. D. SANBORN. trustee. C31 Market at.'
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal.. Jan. 11, 10*4.— Sealed
proposals, in triplicate, will be received here
until 11 o'clock a. m., February 11, 15)04,
and then opened, for construction of frame
bakehouse and furnishing portable oven at
Depot of Recruits and Casuals, Angel Island.
Cal. Government reserves right to reject or
accept any or all bids In whole or In part.
Information furnished on application to
WSI. S. PATTEN. Assistant Quartermaster
General. Chief Q. M. _^
REAL ESTATE — Country — For Sale.
XV. J. WHITE.
CHICKEN RANCHES EVERYWHERE.
EXCHANGES.
$30,000— Klamath Co.. Southern Oregon; bor-
dering on Big Klamath Lake; 3000 acres; cut
about .'t5W tons of hay annually; also large
quantities of grain; well fenced and cross-
fenced; good N-room residence; farming Imple-
ments; 10 hon-«;s; 3 gofxl barns, etc.
$10.(100 — In Sonoma Co.; 8UO acres well fenced
In .{ fields; house; 3 large barns; dairy house;
w.11 watered; 2(W) acres tillable; ail level; 24
ocrtrs. S-year-old orchard; 30 head cattle; 20
hogs; farming Implements, etc.; $5000 mcrt-
fiaKP; trade fcr bay property.
$27,000 — In Placer Co., on R. R. — 1G80 acres,
part river bottom, all can be ploughed; carry
400 head cattle year round; dwelling; 3 good
barns; farming Implements; 00 head cattle; 12
head horses; plenty water to Irrigate; part cash.
$S5lM» — Sold by order of Superior Courf, lCfiO
acres, near Point Arena. '200 acres fine potato
land; apple orchard; 50O acres more could be
planted; 300 acres heavy timber; well Im-
proved and fenced: fine dairy or stock ranch.
$5000— Best ranch in Southern Oregon; 320
acres; 2 sets good Improvement; well fenced;
orchard; 5 horses; farming tools; outside range.
$."$.'00 — Only 2 miles of town. 15.1 acres; 10
aero old vineyard; family orchard; «0 acres
clover or alfalfa; under 3 ditches; large new
barn; will build dwelling to suit buyer; . 10
flne milch cows; 2 good horses; farming Im-
plements; only $1000 down.
$2500— ICO acres near boat and cars, Sonoma
Co.; goad G-room house; vineyard, orchard,
barn, outbuildings, horses, cow, poultry, $200;
job can be had with the place.
$3000— One mile P. O.. schools and stores:
255 acres; 40 level; 10 could be irrigated;
house, large barn, outhouses; well fenced and
cross-fence-1; l. r >0 hens; new buggy, wagon
farming tools; 20 head cattle; 3 wells; water
piped to buildings; furniture.
$4500— Two and half miles live town and
R. R. ; 400 acres;. 40 in grain on creek, about
100 acres more bottom land; 10 acres full bear-
Ing orchard: balance timbered pasture; hou-c.
barn, etc.: fine place for rerort or sanitarium;
not far from city.
$5000— n miles of Santa Cruz, 47 acres; IS
under cultivation, balance fine pasture; 305
assorted fruit trees; 15 K) grapes; windmill and
lank: water piped to buildings and yards;
splendid S-rooni hard finl.shod house, good
stable and poultry houses; span good horses: 2
cows; 7 dozen hens; single and double buggies
and homos; hny: farming tools nnd furniture;
trnrie tor No. 1 property around bay.
*26T>O — ICO acres, 8 miles of Napa City, 2
miles P. O.; 30 ncres under cultivation; 15
acres full bearing fruit; 15 acres flue grain;
03 acres more could be cultivated; balance
broken and rocky; house, barn, poultry houses,
Incubator, brooders. 2 wagons, 2 carts, horse,
cow. poultry, tools.
y.dtAt — KiO. ceres, at station and near Santa
Cru2. 35 acres clear; orchanl; 10-room house;
outbuildings; mortgage $2000; trade equity.
$'!500 — Near San Jose. 14 acres bearing fruit
mostly prunes; facilities for irrigation; build-
Ings.
$-'!2.*0 — 20. acres randy loam, only 2 and a half
miles of Petaluma; house. 5 rooms and bath;
part cash.
$750 — Gold mine, with shaft and fine body
of ore la sight. El Dorado Co.; would exchange
for vacant lot.
$1200 — 20 acres, near Sebastopol, Sonoma
Co.: 0 acres clear; 4 acres bearing apples;
running stream; buildings; rich sandy loam;
easy t<»rms.
$22."0 — Best equipped poultry farm' In the
State: 12 ■ acres rich valley land. 2 miles of
Callstoga; furniture, poultry, stock, wagons,
tcols; all go.
$l!)00 — Near Sebastopol: 10 acres; orchard,
berries; pasture; fenced 3 or 4 fields'; easy
1 terms.
?INOO — 240 acres, 5 miles of Soledad, 5 acrPs
bearing orchard, 10 acres bearing graprs, 40
acres bottom land; house, barn, packing-house,
tools; water piped to buildings and pasture;
equity $S00; to exchange.
80 acres; 15 creek bottom; fruit, grapes,
berries, buildings; one mile town: tools; $C00.
Send stamp for printed list.
XV. 3. WHITE. 2ti Montgomery' St.. room 5.
PROPERTY EXCHANGES A SPECIALTY.
40 ACF.ES level sediment land; unequaled for
berries, potatoes -and alfalfa growing: $45
per acre; \i each; all water wanted; $1 per
acre per yeas»
Call or write for full particulars,
MARION GRIFFIN,
Room 406, Examiner bldg., San Francisco.
FOR sale — Ranch of 74 acres; good house and
outbuildings; partly to fruit; near 8. P. sta-
tion Aptos. Santa Cruz County, Cal.;-. prlct<
$5000; also other lands for sale. For partic-
ulars ad.lress Postmaster. Moss, Cal. ' • ,
$10 A MONTH buys a 10-acre farm.
■ $200 profit per annum per acre.
"Write for booklet; It's free. C03Jst.. .
WRIGHT &. KIMBROUGH. Sacramento. Cat.
ALFALFA lands,- stock ranches, orchards
vineyards; Inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. C48
Market ft.
•■,' REAL ESTATE WANTED.
RANCHES, orchards, city property wanted
Reddin Inv. Co.. Starr King bid., 121 Geary.
WE want city tract suitable for homes. Red-
, din Invest Co.. Starr King bid., 121 Geary.
Jl K ALESTATE— CITY — FOR SALE.
AT AUCTION
THURSDAY. FEBRUARY 11, 1904.
At 12 O'clock Noon at Our Offlce,
• . 25 POST.
By Order of MRS. ALVINZA HAYWABP,
10— BUILDING— 10
LOTS.
As Per Diagram.
FRONTING ON POLK ST.,
FULTON ST. AND
ASH AVE.
DOUBLE FRONTAGES. ' J
__| j :{ |_
POLK STREET.
30 30 30 30
I 4 3 2 IS
>3 120
w * > ■
a _— , m
g a
w -I 9
$ 13 T §
U,
f? *
* 120
APARTMENTS. ,
Two blocks from Market St.— 200 feet from
City Hall.
RIGHT IN THE CENTER OF THE- CITY.
TERMS— 40 PER CENT CASH.
For Maps and Catalogues Apply to
BALDWIN & HOWELL. +■
25 POST ST.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK IXXTS.
$600 TO $1200; VERY EASY TERMS.
Why do so many buy our Oeeanslds Iota?
Because no others there compare with them.
They bave unobstructed ocean and park view.
They are on "Official Grade"; ready for
building.
Every lot Is a bargain. See them to-day.
Get off cars cor. 47th ave. and II st.
$60 to $250: near park and ocean; $5 monthly.
••Oceanslde" branch office, cor. 49th ave. and
K st. Open Sundays and holidays.
$500 to $1000 — Unexcelled Sunset district lots;
graded and sewered ; $10 monthly.
Sunset branch offlce on 9th ave.. near H a'~ ,
S1C0 TO $350: DON'T MISS THIS.
New lots In the Excelsior Homestead.
Perfectly level; choicest location of all. .
Near Mlsslon-tt. cars. $5 monthly.
$1200 to $3500; modern cottages and houses
In Sunset. Richmond. Oceanslde and Excel-
sior Homestead.
ALL BARGAINS: EASY TERMS.
EOL. GETZ & SON. Owners and Dealers.
Room 54, 4th floor. Chronicle bldg.
$1800— PRETTIEST and cheapest cottage home
In San Francisco; 5 rooms, bath, pantry,
stationary washtubs, £tc. ; lot 30x110; street
work done: electric and steam cars at the
door to all parts of the city and cemeteries,
5c. THISTLETON. 272 Sadowa st., Ocean
View.
CALIFORNIA House Wrecking Co. pays th«
highest price for buildings and will wrecK
the largest building completely within 10
days. Northwest corner M'.ssion and Tenth
sts.. office and yard.
$3100 — PLEASANT sunny 7-room house; every-
thing In good order; lot 50x100; large garden-
chicken yard. Apply to owner, 1220 Dolores.
FOR sale— C8 9-12x137:6 on Pacific St.. under
lease: $85 per month ground rent. Inquire
CHAS. C. BEMIS. 206 Hayward building.
$52.1 EACH — Two lots. 30x75, on Mission St..
near Bosworth. Apply D. COFFIN. 3303
Mission St.. or owner, 3556 Twenty-third st.
BUILT) on your unimproved realty; we loan
full cost Improv. and part lot at 6 per cent.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building.
NEW $50 music box for good typewriter. Box
101, Call office. 1
CHEAP; near park; house and corner lot; 9 r.
bath;, modern. 800 First ave., cor. McAllister!
DO you want a nice bathroom? Call on AHL-
BACH & MAYER. Plumbers. Sid Howard st.
POIIVT niCHMOXD REAL ESTATE.
4 LOTS; cheap for cash. 328 Bush st.. room 4,
third floor,
WATER front lots and bargains: all tracts;
maps, photos, etc. BELL. 417 Parrott bldg.
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'M'NTS
'BERKELEY REAL. ESTATE.^
STOP paying rent; I will build for you a 5 or
•j room, cottage according to your own plans
and furnish lot MxlGO; terms only $200
c.ash balance $20 per month.
. . ' -,. O. A. RUDOLPH.
Open Sundays. ' Lorin Station.
BARGAIN — Almost new 8-room house, lot'
47:6x135. all fenced and modern; 2 blocks
to railroad fetation; electric cars, school,
church and stores; price $2300; termg $300
cash, balance same as rent-
O. A; RUDOLPH.
Open Sundays. ' Lorln Station.
C-ROOM cottage; bath, pantry, folding doors,
mantel: city' water; concrete foundation;
high basement; stationary tubs; lot 38x135;
price $1800; terms $150 cash, balance $1S
monthly; close to station.
', O. A. RUDOLPH.
Open Sundays. - Lorln Station.
GOOD 5-room cottage; bath, pantry; mantel;
hot and cold water: high basement; .fruit
trees; flower garden: chicken -house; lot 50x
135; street work done; close to station,
streetcars, school, churches and stores; price
$2250: terms to suit; this is a snap.
O. A. RUDOLPH,
Open Sundays, | ' Lorln Station.
A HOMK In Berkeley; new and up-to-date;
Finall cash payments, remainder Installments
less' than rent. San Francisco and Suburban
Home Building Society, 70S Market St.. San
Francisco, Cal. ■
BARGAINS— We buy, sell, exchange or butld
MURDOCK ft CO.. Lorln Station. Berkeley.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, *1118 BB0ADWAY.
O AICLAX P HOUSES TO LET.
STRICTLY modern" house of 0 rooms and
bath; on. 24th St., near Grove; conservatory;
cement basement; reasonable rent. Inquire
R. FRANKE; C97, Sycamore st.
OAKLAKD •' R ° ( ?MS : TO^1ET.
BEAUTIFUL, large, clean, sunny rooms ;.cen.
tral location. ■ 615 Fifteenth St., Oakland;
OAKLAND OFFICES TO LET.
FRONT" 1 office or store space with, window;
also basement. 1233 Broadway. ; ' •
OAICLAJfM FOR SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furni-
" ture. II. Scheilhaas.llth st.,cor.atore, Oakland.
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR SALE.
G~1L UMBSEN & CO.. ,
• AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTIO\
Of Investment, residence and unimproved
properties will be held at our salesroom, 20
Montgomery St., at 12 o'clock noon, Monday,
Feb. 15.
B. MORRIS ESTATE.
Executor's Sale.
770 O'Farrell St.. bet. Hyde and Larkln;
Improvements consist of front and rear house,
renting for $58 per month: lot 2.1x137:8.
J. E. LOWNEY -ESTATE.
Administrator Sale.
1109 Mission St.. near 7th; Improvements
consist of store, ilat and 'rear houw; lot 25x
85; subject to confirmation by the • Superior
Court.
CHOICE PINE-ST. RESIDENCE.
1025 Pine St., south line, bet. Tavlor and
Jones; a splendid residence of 14 rooms and 3
baths; an excellent holding for either a resi-
dence, apartment-house or hotel: good expos-
ure; lot 50x107:6, with L 10xS7:0, fronting
Jones Et.
MISSION HOME.
839 Castro st., bet. 20th and 21st; residence
of 7 rooms and bath, brick foundation, etc.
PANHANDLE LOTS.
South side of Oak St.. bet. Broderlck and
Baker; 3 desirable building lots, 25x137:6 each;
close to Baker-st. entrance of the Park Pan-
handle.
MISSION INVESTMENT.
23C2-4 22d st.. north line, bet. Harrison
and Alabama: '2 flats of 5 rooms and bath
each; lot 25x100.
MISSION COTTAGE.
392!) 18th St.. bet. Sanchez and Noe; cottage
of 5 rooms; cement walks; street accepted by
city; lot 23x115.
WESTERN ADDITION COTTAGE.
3 Olive court, off southerly line of Union st..
bet.. Laguna and Buchanan sts.; cottage of 5
rooms in Rood order: lot 25x75.
MISSION BUILDING , LOTS'.
: 27th st.,. north line, bet. Sanchez and
Church; 2 desirable building lots, 2tt:Sxfl4
each; terms \\ cash.
. - REFEREE SALE.
NW. cor. Sanchez and Duncan sts.: unim-
proved lot, 80x114; subject to confirmation by
the court.
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE
• The following lots must be sold.
Lots 14-15 of block 352; lots 6-7, 10-11, block
390; lots 1 to 7, Inclusive, block 435; lots 11-12.
block 111; lots 14-15, block 150: Jots 8-9, block
156;' lots. 6-10-11. block 188; lots 3-14. block
19«; lot 13. block 156; lots 1-4 to 8. Inclusive
and 13-16. block 275, all in South San Fran-
cisco Homestead and Railroad Association, and
lots 10-11. block 25, Flint Tract.
For catalogue and further particulars of
the above apply to
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
' 20 Montgomery st.
RC>OMS_FOn^II^U£EKJEEI»IXG.
BELVEDERE.. 141— 2, 3 or 4 newly furnished
rooms; garden; bath; panhandle district.
DE NORMANDY. t'O5 Post— Nicely furn. rms.,
>2 week up; alao hskpg. $4 to $7 a week.
ELLIS. 685 — Sunny suite of two rooms for
housekeeping: running water, gas range; $25.
FOURTH, 225 — Nice, sunny, front room, suit-
able for housekeeping; also single room.
FOURTEENTH,' 498, cor. Guerrero— Four fur-
nlshed housekeeping rooms; phone, gas,' bath.
GEARY, 1002— Nicely furnished sunny rooms,
en suite or single; housekeeping privileges;
running water; gas; reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 622—2 sunny front rms.;
furn.: gas range; bath; laundry; clean.
GOUGH, 140. cor. Oak — Large sunny -oom;
use of kitchen; cheap.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments, 1340 Pine-
Sunny, furnished 3-room suites; eteam heat-
ed, electric lighted: free baths; rate $30 up.
MISSION. 1148— Four sunny furnished rooms;
housekeeping. . . ...
MISSION, 1682V4— 3 rooms for housekeeping; 2
beds and coal stove.
SIXTEEI. "H. 3432. near Church — Sunny, front
bay-window room and kitchen, complete fcr
housekeeping; gas range, bath and phone;
new flat.
TAYLOR. 911 — Sunny furnished housekeeping
room; folding bed; gas range; $7 50.
TURK.. 1422, near Flllmore — 2 or more house-
keeping rooms; running water: conveniences.
TWENTY-SIXTH. 3.167— Two sonny, furnished
housekeeping rms. in warm belt Mission; 912.
TWO unfurnished roons for light housekeep-
ing. Apply 2422 Polk st.
VAN NESS, 1008— Large sunny furnished
rooms; housekeeping privileges If desired;
good board in Immediate vicinity.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch Office, cor. Duncan & Church sta.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market St.. • opposite Fifth.
Open 'until 11 p.' m.
APARTMENT HOUSI!%
GLENDORF — New apartments on Pine st.,
east of Van Ness ave.; 6 and 6 rooms each,
with bath, steam heat, elevator service, elec-
tric lights, gas stoves and hot water sup-
plied without extra cost; will be finished
with exceptional beauty and taste and are
now offered for rent unfurnished; tenants
can rent direct from owner, who will manage
the building, now approaching completion;
open for inspection. HOOKER & LENT, 14
Post st.
THE LUNGER, 445 Octavia, cor. Hayes — Just
completed; sunny; modern 3-rm. apartments:
elegantly furnished; electric lights; private
baths; $40 up; refs.; .also doctors' offices.
ST. CECILE, 115 Fell, above Van Ness— The
acme of perfection in elegantly furn. 3-room
apartments; private baths, steam heat, elec.
lights, elevator, gas ranges; $30 to $55.
APOLLO Apartments. 520 Eddy — Handsomely
furnished sunny 2 and 3 room apts.: every
modern convenience: reasonable; central.
ST. LOUIS, 1575 Jackson St.— Modern 3-4-5
rooms, also single; furnished or unfurnished;
marine view; now open; references.
ANTLERS. 415 Turk— Modern housekpg apart-
ments. 3. 4 and 5 rooms, furnished or unfurn.
! . HADDON HALL.
051 EDDY ST. REFERENCES.
ROOMS TO LET — Pnrn. nnd Unfnrn.
AURORA, corner Second and Folsom sts.— New
house, new furniture; every room outside;
modern and sunny; prices from $1 50 per
week up; this Is the only up-to-date house In
this vloinity; first-class grill attached.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 149 Sixth st. — Rooms
2">c to $1 per night, $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market st. (or No. I
Fifth st.— Rooms, 25c, 50c, $1. $1 50 night;
$1 50 to $10 week; house open all night.
BURNETT. 1428 Market (old No. 1304)— Fur-
nlshed rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
CUMMINGS (The), G18 Post. hr. Taylor— Just
opened: desirably located; sunny, single rooms
and'sultes, with private baths, hot and cola
water, steam heat, electric lights, phone
every room; elivator; breakfast If desired.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms: prices reasonable.
EDINBURGH. THE. 2.!9 Powell, cor. Geary-
Sunny suites and offices: also single rooms.
ELLIS. 6S.T — Sunny room; bay-window; nicely
furnished; suitable for two gentlemen; $2i>.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 35c
to $1 25 night: $1 50 to $G wk;>eadlng-room.
MCALLISTER, 1144,' near Flllmore — Furnished
sunny room for a gentleman.
MISSION, 637A — Furnished rooms by the day.
week or month; prices reasonable.
ROYAL House, j 120 Ellis — Incandescent lights,
reading-room, . smoking-room and ladles' par-
- lor; rooms per night. ."5c to ?1 50; week, $2
to ?8: month, $8 to $."•<>: elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot 0d cold water; baths.
STEINER, 1S09A — Unfurnished front' and back
parlor In private family; price reasonable.
ST. JAMES, 'McAllister and Laguna — A sunny
furnished single room: rent $7.
SUTTER, 9G7 — Crystal House — Elegant rooms;
-.board' If wanted; reasonable: respectable. I
UNITED STATES, 123 Eddy, near Market — <00
rooms, 33c to $1 night. $1 75 to $0 week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water In every
room; elevator, read. -room; free bus;baggage.
VAN NESS ave.. 618 — Elegant front parlors and
adjoining suite lor offlce or club.
WINCHESTER Hajel, 44 3d St.. near Market —
Most convenient' arid respectable; 700 rooms;
35c to $1 50 night; $2 to $8 week; elevator:
elec. lights; reading-room; tree bus; baggage.
WOLF 1 House, 202 Sixth— Electric light in
every room; 15c to $1 a night; 75c to J3 a
week: open, all night; convenient to all cars.
YOUNG married . couple want to rent nicely
furnished. front and back parlor. SOS Oak su
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch Offlce, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for the recep-
- tlon of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at ■ 1008 Market St., opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
rooms axd hoards
.- hotIjl'^^iatton
077 Pine, nr. Taylor; elegantly furnished
suites; private baths; all modern conven-
iences: excellent table.
BOARD (home cooking) and newly furnrshed
room with modern conveniences, either single
or. double; terms reasonable. Address box
2.'!7. Call offlce. r 5
BOARD and room, near Golden Gate Park;
sets a flne table; home cooking; only two
other boarders In house; terms reasonable.
Box 177. Call offlce. ;
BOARD and lodging in private family: $22
per month; sunny front rooms. 1702 Ellis st.
BOARD and rooms at $1 50 per week; home
cooking. .'523 First st. '
HARRISON. 070 (RIncon Hill)— Board and
room, ?4 per week.
ROOM and board.tmodern conveniences, for a
gent.; private family. 1224 Golden Gate ave.
Stevenson mansion, 807 California — Fine rooms;
new chefs; colored service; table specialty.
O'FARRELL, 30S — FWnlshed rooms; home
cooking; German family: $tt per week.
ROOUS AND UOARIi W.i.VTGO.
WANTED — A suite of rooms with board for
man and wife. In a flrst-class hotel or
btar.ling-house north of Market st, on or
mar a car line; state rates. Address box
1SI, Call offlce.
A GENTLEMAN wishes board and room near
center of cttji; price not over $25 per month;
. have first-class references. Address box 12i»,
Call offlce.
A LADY employed In millinery store down-
town would like room and board within
walking distance: price not more than $27 50.
Box 108. Call offlce. »
A GENTLEMAN wants room and board (2
■ meals). pric« not over $:;0; close In. Box
217. Call offlce.
SEWING MACHINES A\D SUPPLIE9
NEW HOME— Bee our new triple-feed ma-
chines; slightly used; $10. $15. $20; second-
hand. $3. $5. $S: all sty! as; guaranteed. New
Home Sewing Machine Co.. 1051 Market st
$16 60— NEW Improved drop-head nlckel-flnlsn.
guaranteed 10 yrs.: 2d-hand sewing machines
$2 BO. $3 $4. 145 6th rt.: tel. Jessie 313a.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van CoTTturtilturtr
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard st., nr. Third; phone Grant 101.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co.. of-
Sce Post and Powell sts.: tel. Prlv. Ex. S71.
CONKLIN'S storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. :::::: Golden Gate ave.: phone East 120.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made; 840
Mission St.; tel. Howard Ml. F. XV. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flilmore st. : phone Jackson 231.
BEKINS Van 'and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
St.: tel. Main 1S40. Shipping at cut rates.
STUTTERING AN'D STAMMERING.
MELBOURNE School, Van Ness-Market — Cure
in every case: Individual teaching; no medi-
cine. Inquire into wonderful cures; home cure.
■TVPEWRITEIIS ANID^SUPPLIESL
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No. I
Smiih Premier, $25; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 30. Tbe
Typewriter Exchange. 536 California st. '
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; get par-
ticulars of L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gomery st.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriting Insnee. Co.. lifW Market.
TO LEASE.
WANTED — To lease for a term of years. In
the fast growing city of Hanford. Cal.. a
place that Is unsurpassed or even equaled
In the world for Its grand Irrigation system
and its diversities of all kinds of products
and fine fruit. In the brick block Just oppo-
site the Hotel Artesla. which Is full and run-
ning over most all the time, a new. elegantly
finished 50-room hotel, lodging or private
boarding house, with all the very latest Im-
proved plumbing; flne suites with baths, mar-
ble washstands. hot and cold artesian water In
erery room, electricity and gas to heat and
cook with: one of the beat chances in the
State to make good money: can be filled in
less than ten daya with monthly boarders
with good party. Come see or write me
quick, as I want to rent. JOE D. BIDDLE.
Owner.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
EAN FRANCISCO and Suburban Horn* Build-
leg Society. Oth floor. Mutual Savings Basic
building, 703 Market St.. opposite Third—
For the half-year ending 31st ut December.
1903. a dividend has been declared at tae
rate per annum ol (12) twelve per cent oa
capital stock and participating certlflcatss.
free of taxes, payable on and after SATUR-
DAY January 2. 1904. JOSEPH A- LEON-
ARD. Manager. HUGH CRAIG. Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice: The Giant Powder Com-
pany. Con. — A dividend. No. 62, of fifty cents
1 50c) per share on the issued capital stock ot
the company has been declared, payable at
the offices of the company, rooms 202. 204
and 20U Hayward building. San Francisco,
on February 10. 1904. Transfer books close
February 3, 1904, at noon.
. C. C. QUINX. Secretary.
aiARRIAGE UCENSES.
• The followlnz marriage licenses were issued
yesterday :
Philip ' W. Sapiro, 23. Oakland, and Belle
Jalumsteln. XI, city.
John C. Morrison, 41, Santa Clara, and Mary
Kennedy. 34. city.
Paul E. Talo, 22, 17S Russ street, and Irene
Walcott. 20. 1S78 Folsom street.
Charles Fuchs, 44, Berkeley, and Ida Kuch-
ler. 44. Berkeley. v
1. XV. Herman Schutt. 2!>. 2871 Sixteenth
streeth, and Glendora Hartzell. 28. San Jose.
Kazimlerz B. Albrefcienskl, 24, 321 V t
Belcher street, and Walerla J. Kawalkowska,
22. u01 Rtcr-.land avenue.
John Me A leer, 34, 527 '/j Birch avenue, and
Bessie Haren. 20, 1420 Kansas street.
William Angove, 27, Pine Klat, and Evelyn
Coomb?, 2-T» Camborne, England.
Julius Baumgarten. 29. 5S2 Olive avenue,
and Clara Meyer, 21, 1210A Scott street.
Jenkln Evans. 57, KnoxvUle. and Susie T.
Mitchell, 40. 11CCA Clay street.
Alexander N. Mitchell. 21. New Philadel-
phia, Ohio, and Mabel E. Quatman. 18, 103S
Ellis street.
Robert M. Burns, 20. 005 McAllister street,
and Eva L. Stoermer, 21, 006 McAllister. .
Robert L. Douglass. 28. Virginia City, Xev.,
and Eleanor M. Ernst; 22. Fallon. Nev.
BIRTHS— MARRIAQES— DEATHS. •
Birth, marriage ar*d death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once In this column
fres of charge.
FEF.NET— In this city, January 10. 1904. to
the wife of Robert L. Feeney. a son.
JACOBSON— In this city. February 7. 1004.
to the wife of Mannle Jacobaon (nee Lowen-
berg), a daughter.
STONE— In this city, February 8. 1004, to the
wife of William R. Stone, a daughter.
VERNON— In this city. January 27. 1904, to
the wife of S. B. Vernon, a daughter.
m!\rried.
BRESLAUER— WALDHEIMER— In this city
January 20. l!>04, by the Rev. M. S. Levy
and tht: Rev. Jacob Voorsanger, Louis David
Breslauer and Irene Waldheimer, of thl3
city.
FUCHS — KUCHLER— In this city. February
», 1904. by the Rev. Paul Branke. Charles
F.tchs and Ida Elise Kuchler, both of Berke-
ley. Cal.
GANZ— REED— In this city. January 7. 1904.
by the Rev. M. S. L$vy, Bertram Gam and
Clara Evelyn Reed.
GROSS— PERKINS— In this city. January 10
1004, by the Rev. M. S. Levy. Max Gross
and Leah Perkins, both of thin city.
McNAUGHT— PERKINS— In San Rafael Cal
January 26, 1904, Vivian McNaught and
Bertha Perkins, both of San Francisco.
DIED.
Chambers. Lola Prlebatch. Minna
Dash wood. Jaa. G. Quill. Rev. \Vm P
Donohue, Juliu Rice. Richard
Eckman. Amanda Richardson, Dr. J. P.
Glanottl, Gllardo Richardson. L. C.
Gilforls, George . Rogers, May B.
Goldberg:. Mrs. Sol Ryden. Alma
Gruenberg. Arthur Stone. Infant
Haswell. Lorena D. Smith, Adelaide E.
Hathorn. Georgia A. Sweeney. John P.
Hayes, Dennis E. Taylor, Mary C.
Mau, Mrs. Ottelia Terron, Ernest
Mayntzer. Amelia ' Thompson. Thos.
McDonnell, John > Tlllman. Frank J.
McGowan. Sarah Thomson. F. M.
Mlchelson. Capt. J. Walsh, Patrick J.
' Nerlich, Edward Ward. Mary E-
Peiham, Kate L. Weber. Mrs. Louis A.
Phillips. May E. JVhlte. Ellen -
CHAMBERS— In this city. February 0. 1904,
Lola, beloved wife of Fred XV. Chamber.
and daughter of Charles D. and Sadie Kroall.
and sister of Genevleve. Ray and Chari<-s
Croall and Mrst. W. M. Hmith. a native of
California, aged 21 years 5 months and Vi
ET'Notlce of funeral hereafter.
DASHWOOD — In this city, February 8. 1004.
James G. Dashwood. beloved son of John
and Sarah a native of New York.
aged 4U vear«.
E7"Fr!end» and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Wednesday, at 10 o'clock, at the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany, 2475 MlMlot/ street, near Twenty-first.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
DONOHUE— In this city. February ». 1!XM.
Julia Donohue, beloved wife of the late
John Donohue, and sister of Mrs. Mary,
Daley, a native of County Kerry, Ireland.
IL7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. B2TS Stevenson street, thence to St.
Patrick's Church for services at 1:30 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
ECKMAN— In this city, February 9, 1904.
Amanda C. dearly beloved wife of Albert
Eckman, mother of MiW>J Amanda. Ar-
thur and Lambert Eckman. and sister of
Mrs. A. Siverson. Mrs. H. Ellman. Mrs. H.
Haydock. Oscar Anderam and XV. Anderson,
a nat.ve of Sweden, ag-U 28 years S months
and 2S days.
C7Fri€nd» and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at '2 o'clock, from her la:e
residence, 202S Sutter street. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery.
GIANOTTI— In this city. February 8. 1904.
Gllardo Gianottl. loving son of Caterina and
the late Cbstantlne. Glanottl. and brother of
Henry and Rlnaldo Ulanottl and Mrs. Caro-
lina (JtUnl. a native of Switzerland, aged 34
years.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral tu-.Uy
(Wednesday). • at 9:38 o'clock, from the par-
lors of Monahan. O'Hara & Co.. 23H9-41 Mis-
* bii.it street, near Nineteenth, thence to St.
Paul's Church, corner of Twenty-ninth and
Church streets, where a requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of hia soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Crosa
Cemetery.
GILFOROS— In this city, February 8. 1904.
-Ueorge Gilforos, a native of Greece, aged 27
years.
(E7Frlend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of the H. F. Maass Co.. 917 Mission
street.
GOLDBERG — The funeral of Mrs. Sol Gold-
. berg (formerly Hilda Levy) will take plac«
to-day (Wednesday), at lo o'clock, from the
residence of her parent*. 1328 Pierce street.
GRUENBERG— In this city, February 8. 1904.
Arthur Gruenberg, dearly beloved husband of
Margot Gruenberg. and beloved son of Mr.
and Mrs. Max Gruenberg, and devoted
brot.ier of Mrs. Selma Lewis. Mrs. Albertino
Hir»hr>J.I. Mrs. Uelen Loesch. Mrs. Ger-
trude Kuhn. Mrs. Martha Sander and Carl
and Ravue Gruenberg, a native of Califor-
nia aged 32 years.
tlTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of the parents. 23U; California street.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by elec-
tric funeral car from Eighteenth and Guer-
rero streets.
HASWELL— In Manila, P. I.. February 7.
V.Ktt, I.orena Dorothy, wife of William Clark
Haswell. and daughter of Henry F. and De-
borah C. Reeve, ami sister of Effie. Flor-'
ence. Orson and Oscar Reeve, a native of
California.
HATHORN— In PhoeniT. Ariz.. February 9.
19(>4, Georgia Adelaide. beloved wife of
Ralph L. Hathorn. and mother of William
Kendall and Ralph Elliott Hathorn. and
daughter-in-law of Mr. and Mrs. E. Worth,
a native of Maine, aged 31 years.
HAYES— In this city. February 9. 1904. Den-
nis E.. beloved husband of Anna E.. and
father of Edward, Agnes and Celia Hayes,
a native of Ireland.
ETNotlce of funeral hereafter.
MAU— In this city. February 8. 11MM. Mrs. Ot-
telia Mau. widow of II. Albert Mau. and
beloved mother of William F.. .Arthur H.
C, Edward C. and Julia M. Mau. and Mr*.
R. II. KlelnsehmMt of Helena. Mont., Mr*.
Charles J. 'Bandman and Mrs. F. 11. Hood,
a native of Prussia. Germany.
MAYNTZER— In this city. February 8. 13<>4.
Amelia, beloved wife .of the late Joseph
Mayntzer. and loving mother of Peter and
Walter Mayntzer. a native of California,
aged 49 years.
C^Frlends and acquaintances* are respect-
fully notified that the funeral will take
place to-day (Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from
the funeral parlors of Valente, Martni *
Co., 1324 Stockton street, between Union
and Green. Interment Mount Olivet Ceme-
tery.
MCDONNELL— In thl» city, February 9. 1904.
John McDonnell, a native of Ireland, aged
65 years.
McGOWAN — In this city, at her residence, 22*^
Lewis street, February 0. 1904. Sarah, be-
'loved wife of Mirhael McGowan. and dear
mother of Mrs. C. T. Reeve and Margaret
McGowan, a native of Ireland, aged tS years
and 11 months.
MICHELSON— In this city. February 9. 1904.
Captain Jacob Mlchelson. beloved husband
of Alette Michelson. ami father of William
F. and George J. Mlchelson. and Mra. J. G.
Gerard. Mrs. W. F. McNaughton and Mrs.
A. Q. Webber, a native of Norway, aged 7tJ
years 5 months and 13 days.
E7 Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the residence of his daughter, Mrs. XV. F.
MeNaughton. 573 Third st.
NERLICH — In this city. February 8. 1904,
Edward Nerlich, aged 50 years.
CXFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors
of Valente. Marlni & Co.. 1324 Stockton
street, thence to Mount Olivet Cemetery. Of-
ficers and members of Court Defiance No. 23.
F. O. A., will please take notice.
PELHAM— In this city. February 9. 1904.
Kate Louise, beloved wife of ninrlM O. P»i-
liam, and mother of Marjoiie C. Pelbana, aad
daughter of Mrs. William T. Tnnrnhilt. 'and
sister of Mrs. Clyde B. Tlsdall, Mrs. Charles
M. Marrcn and Mrs. Luther F. Janes, a
native of E vans v 11 1.-, In<I.. aged 43 years 4
months and 15 days. (San Jose papers pleas*
copy.)
C7Friends and acquaintances* are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from tha
chapel of Charles II. J. Truman & Co.. 1009
Mission street, between Fifteenth and Six-
teenth. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery
by carriage.
PRIEBATCH— In this city. February 9. 190*.
Minna, wife of the late Julius Prtebatch.
and beloved mother of Mrs. Amelia Honlg.
Mrs. Jennie A«h and the late Mrs. Julius
Merzbach. a native of Hamburg, Germany,
aged Si year*.
PHILLIPS— In this city, February 9, 1904.
May E. Phillips, beloved wife of John Wa-
terman Phillip?, a native of Maine, aged 55
years. (Oakland papers please copy.)
E7Friend« are Invited to attend the
funeral services Thursday. February 11. at
11:15 o'clock, at her late residence. 2004
Gough street. Interment private. Mountain
View Cemetery.
QUILL— In this city. February 9. 1904, th»
Rev. William P. Quill, son of Patrick and
Mary Quill, and brother of Sister Aquin and
Sister Scholastic* of the Presentation Order
of this city, and brother of Mother Berch-
mam and Sister Coiumbanus of the Presen-
tation . Convent of Rathmore. Ireland, and
brother of Sister Brendan of Mercy Convent.
Abbyfeal*. and brother of Patrick and
Michael Quill, and cousin of the late Rev.
William P. and Rev. Thomas Klrby. a na-
tive of Limerick. Ireland, aged 39 years and
2 months.
C7Th» funeral will take place to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from at. Agnes-
Church, thence to St. Mary's Cathedral,
where * solemn requiem high mass will be
celebrated fcr the repose of his soul, at 10
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
LEO Assembly No. 4, Young Men's Catholic
Union — Officers and members of the: abov*
assembly are hereby notified to attend tho
funeral of our deceased brother. Rev. Wil-
liam P. Quill. from St* Agnes Church.
Thursday, at 9 o'clock, thence to St. Mary's
Cathedral, where solemn requiem high mass
will take place. Yours fraternally,
JAMES CALLAN, President.
JOHN T. BURN3. Recording Secretary.
RICE — In thts> city. February 9. 19O4. Rlunani.
dearly beloved husband of Maria Rice, and
brother of Edward Rice of Boston. Patrick
Rice and Mrs. 'Powers of Albany. N. Y.,
Mrs. Barrett of Troy, N. Y., and Mrs. Gar-
ner of New Jersey, a native of Albany. K.
Y.. axed 33 years. (New York and Boston.
Mass.. papers please copy). A member of
the Theatrical Mechanical Association and
Theatrical Employes' Protective Uniou.
E7The funeral will take place to-morrow
Continued on Page Fourteen.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successors to Flannagan A Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3.
. 20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School.
. Telephone South 80.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
. — Funeral Directors and Kmbulmeri
Formerly In Metropolitan Temple.
Now at 860 MISSION. Tel. South 1«7.
Between Fourth and Fifth, near Fifth st.
Finest Equipments at Moderate Rates.
James McGinn. Henry Hanssa. I '
JAMES McGINN * CO.. I
Formerly With McGinn Bros).. I
—Funeral Directors and Embalmers I
214 Eddy at.; Tei. South 576. |
1314
DEATH NOTICES.
Continued I'roni Vase TliIrteciK
«T1iursday). lit S:3w c'olofik. from his late
1 i-*!<Vn<-e." C1K Natoma Btreel. between Sev-
.irl/nn.l Klght'... il.fn. e to Bt. Jo»epll*« j
<iiun-h. whore n rcnuieni high mifj 1J1U i
<~ .-eVlirated for the impose of his soul. co>n- j
tnencir.s «t '•• oVlock. In*«-rnient. private. I
Holy CRIM i>r.!«ury. Please omit flowers.]
itlCHAnDSON— In Old l'oir.t Comfort. Va.. ]
January 31. 1!>H4. Ijiu:enc- C.. l»e'.oved Eoa 1
•if lirldeel end the 'Kte fiesient Rlchaniscn. i
P n4 brother nf George 'i*.. W^ter J.. \\'i\- I
T'nrn F-. Kevjncnd P. and the Ute Albett J. j
Klrhsrdtrr.. «r.d Mrs. J. K. Milierick ami :
:.!■■.«. F. TfdCDer. a native of San Franclscu, j
aped 26 years 2 month* cr.d 22 day*.
ItyFrimSs r.nd arquaJntar.tes are respect- !
'nl!r :n\it- l } to ettenil- the fiinera! to- morrow !
<Thb:-sday> at *.♦ o'oIcj.Ic. from his late resi- i
dtnee. 44« irortljin^ •.vena*, thence to St. 1
John's OlMirch. where a roicn^n reQ'J;»-ni |
Trues v.-ll! be celebrated fur the repose of Bis 1
soul. ooms:eticir!K at 9:2'» o'clock. Ir.tT- j
mmt Holy Cros« Cemetery.
RICHARDSON— In this city.. February t». 15HM, !
. Dr. James P. RlcliarUsoif. a native of New '■
York, aired fe4 years. (3>«w fork and Wash- |
irf.on. U. C. ;-.ap<-re please ropy. >
SuXFYierJs and BCiuajntaiiPfs nr- respect- ]
fuily invited to attend the fttzteraJ 'l'huis- j
csy. f>* 2 0VI00V, from the fUBCTll parlcrs ;
«"f Pct;er A White, l"'.J Gclden Gate avfnue. j
lntermerrt Cj'prees Lawn C>ni"tory.
ROGER?— Xa thU city. February 0. 1904. M»y I
!<., bcloveci wife ct Cliarle* Hogerf, a native !
cf Nen- Jersry, n>, .. 25 year*.
RYDEN— 3n tkla oitv. KebnuTT ~. 1904. Alma, i
rtentiy belot^d Wli* of Alfred Uyden. nl.-l j
lrmthrr of AJlwrt Ryden and Milton and Ma- i
>>ri Doir.a^eir:. a native of San Francisco, j
}i>.< <1 HO yrar».
E7PHeedS sr.d acquaintances are respect- ;
fnii;* :i\;:fii to attend the fur.rral to-morrow ;
<Th t jre<Ja\ i. .-t 10 o'<rl.->ck, tr^m the p»r!ors i
'>? I-:. Cap tap:: ct to t Co.. •U3-G4.". Aallejo I
5tre»-t, between Montgomery aver.ue anl |
FTo<-l:ton ftrert. Interment Mount Olivet j
< 'tmcterj-.
SMITH— In tMs ci:y. February S, 1904. Ade- j
iaiiie F... relict of the late I5enj?ir.:r. Smith, j
B.jiative of New Orleans, i-a., uged f>'J years ■
rrni in <!&•%.
ft?"The ?unera! will take place to-iiay.'
(t\*«datsda>"t. at 2 o'clock, from her lale j
ycr'.irncc, 14^S Green street. Lrtweetj Polk •
stvl Van N"y* a\ena". Interment private.
STONT -In this ?;ty. i'ebruary S. 19U4. infant 1
daughter r.f Willium J<. and Kllen H. Stone. !
a nativ o! San I"ranci«co.
SWEENEY- In th!s rity. February 7. 11)04. j
Jciin P.. dearly beloved !.ustian<i of Cath- |
r-nne A. Swcnf.v and father of C. C. t».
A.. J. A. and J. J. Sweeney and Mr*. I>. J. I
J-ynoh of I^ake Count;-, a native of County j
Cork. Ireland, aged '.!> years.
CT'Frientin and ac^iuaintancev 1 sre rejpwt-
fully inviieii tn attend the funeral to-day I
<\\ edaei-day 1. »t h:'M o'clock, from hip lat« !
residence, 'jviuma street, thence to St. '
Patrick'? Chur<h. where a requiein mars i
«iil be celebrated for the rejK>*e of his kuu!. |
'-mir.fncmc m V o'clock. Interment Holy j
CAM Cemeter?'.
TAYLOR— In this city. February t;. 1904. Mary ,
Ca'J.criiie. dearly beloved daughter of Johr
P. end Ito«=<? Taylcr. end fister of Esther. 1
I^eon aiid Henry Taylor, and niece of Marthx. !
.'■■'.in. >ranci?. tieortce vnd Harr}' 5tei\art. !
a ( native of Pranclscu. aged O ;.-ear*> f. j
mourns and 3" da>5. (Washington. D. C, I
yai*if> filfare copy.)
f/.i-Fri'niis a'id a^nujiintance? are respect-
fully invited to nttemi tbe funeral to-day '
(TVedacsdajr), at 1:30 o'clock, from her par-'
er.ts" te»iu*-!;oe. T :j< r-» I'a^itio Mrett. between !
l««vai»'Brt> and Hyde street?. Jniermem '
Mount Olivet Oometerj.
TKI'.ntiX- Ir. thin ciiy. FebniMry S. 1-J04. Hr- i
n'*! Terron. a native of Culif orni.T. ae<-«l 5:5 ■
>"ars-
THOMSON— la thi* city. February 7, l«0i. |
Franks M.. beloved oaughter of Tlionia» and
tbe laie Tiary M. Thomson, and 6i.=;^r of j
Robert TV. and Carl H. Tbotcaoa. a native j
• ■f Franri»-o. aged ~t >eais 1 month anj !
day*.
ZJ' Friends and acquaintanr<^s and 111cm- I
l«e:s of Gulden Gate Chapter No. 1. O. K. S., !
si* retpectTully invited to attf-nci the funernl '<
F^rvifr-s Wedn*-fsd2y. at 10:oii </.Io<k. at :he '
Juneral parlor? of Bunker & Lunt, 2tX<J Mis- i
Fion streiH. between Tnenty-^et-ond and :
Tw-ertv-thinl ftrt^-ts <M:*=?Ion Masonic T*-ni- •
l.!e>. tinker the a-asplres of Goljen Gate «."hap- !
ter No. 1. O. E. S. Interment t'ypress i-aun ■
Cemetery.
THOMPSON'— At rest, in this city. Feb- i
ruary •(. • 1901 , TtwmaF. betoved husband:
of .lar.e S. TboinpWD, «n>l father of GeorR.\ '
Ralph P., Wallace and JamTS. Thomps.,11. '
n native r.f Er.eland. ap^d 7H year* .". m«jnth^ \
and ?* <iay*.
E7ftleiMla an<" B"?qu8intar.cei» are respect- ■
rullv invited Io«tt*nJ the funeral ta- morrow 1
• Thuieday). *t 2 o'clock, from I. «_•. O. F. I
Hall, corner <if MarKPl ani Ftreetsi i
t;nu«r Jh/" tupptcei ..f Ma?r.o;« a l^lg* So. <
5». I. O. O. !*. Interment I. «>. O. F. Ceme- '
"ry. Rfmainj at the jijtrlors oi' lia!nted & !
«'o.. 84ti Mifsion n. I
TILLMAN— Entered into rest, in thi» city ;
February 7. :-JU4. Frank Joseph Tillman bel I
i«->vrrt l.usbar.a of Annie Villrr.an, and fathe- '■
flf Sixtrr Marr BvaaseiUn ami Harry Tir :
F. J.. Dr. T. E.. .Tosephine an.1 Louise" Till-
matl snd Mrs. A. Ptnnpr l:rigx» of Victoria,
r!. C. a native of Arn<s'oerp. (Itrniany. aged
S3 years. <
CLTFricrd* *nd acquair;tancesi are re«pe<-t- ■
ruily invlte.l to attend the funeral to-day :
• Wednesday), at U o'clock, from St. Bom- '
fact's C3mrcb. Cinlden Gate avenue, between '
Jone* and Oaveavorth streete, where a re- j
<juirm mass wi'.l he .r'.rbrated for the repose I
of hi* fou!. Interment private. Plea.se omit !
flowers.
"W'ALSH— In thiii rity. February R. 1WH. Pet- !
rick J.. b*-!oved liusband of Charlotte Walsh
■ad rather of I^wrence. Phitip and Patrick I
WalFh. and sor. of Peter anj Marv Walsh '
a native o f Boston. Maw., aged ::» ve ar s «
• months and IS days.
CyFrit-ncs and arquaintance* are respect- i
fiiily invited to attend the funeral to-day ',
<Wedne«<3ay>. nt S;.jrt o'clock, from his late'
r't-.rtence. JT Joy. e str?Pt. then'-e to Bt i
tUrrm 'PauMst) Church, where a ma-s will
*•* celebrated for the repose of his soul, com- i
ni^ncirr at 9 O'clock. Interment Holv Crosn 1
'-emrtery.
VARO-ln thi* city, February 9. li)04 Mary '
K. Waid. beloved sistrr of Annie G Me- '
«:srtbv. a native of New York.
fc-r*" Friends and ar-ouaintarre <• are re»jwt- ;
fuily invlt-d to attend the funeral to-morrow !
• Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral ;
I at ior* of Hunker «- Lunt. t'CCG IfizslOO '
Mre«t (UJoton Mason;!.' Temple), between '
rw>nty-second and Twenty-third streets ''■
Interment Odd I>l!ov.s' Ometery.
VHBER- In Redwot*! <1ty. Cal. February 0 '
is*-*. Mrs. I>- JU !k Angelina M. Weber " b'»- <
loved wife of I>ou!» Weber, and .laughter!
«-f Mcnchf rlta and the late I>ominlco MI-i- '
•igpi. a native of Pennyylvania, aged 27 '
>ear» « months and 12 day*.
CrrThe luneral will take place Thunvlav !
February 11. at 10oclo<k. from Mount Sri'
rnel Church, Redwood City. Interment Holy '
Ooss OesBetetT, Menlo Park.'
WHITE— In .this city. February R. VM4, Kllen I
■\\htte. a native of County Cork ' lic-iand !
W1 62 yearn. ' j
CTFriendo and afquaintanceo «re re«pef-t- '
ful'.y Invited to attend the funeral to-day i
at 1 o'clock, from the parlors :
or Monahan. O'Hara & Co.. 23.rj-2^il Ml" I
tion Etreet. near Nineteenth.- thrtice by train
frcm Third aad Townsend street* at 2
O'clock. Interment Holy Cro«« Cemetery. j
6T. DOM1XIC8 CHURCH BUILDING ASSO- I
CIATION— The monthly requiem hiph masg I
fo.' the deocared members of Pt. Dominic » ■
'Tiurch Building Association and for parer.ts i
«n<5 relatives of Jiving members will be eung '
In Ft. Dom!nic'» Church Wedaesdaj-, at 9 '
a. m.
REAli ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
TUESDAY. FEBRUARY" 9.
•Otto F. and Mat'.lda von Rheln to William
Wolf, lot on N line of Halght street, 55 K
of Octavja. E f.5 by N 120; $10.
Jer.n.e D. Sherwood to William John, lot
or> NW ocmer of Goagh street and Willow
avenue. N 30 by V.* 104.0. quitclaim deed; $1.
Margaret Brodriek to Joseph and Anna. K.
Schweitzer, lot on S line of Golden Gate ave
nii«. ior» E of Devisaflero street E 25 by 8
10»; ?ll».'
Florence G. Bush <Miller> to Enjllr C. Ed-
E?-r, lot on N line of Page street, 81:3 E of
Clayton, B "'< by t N 10(JU $10.
Frank P. Hoorxr to Emma V. Ralsch lot
rm S line of Jackson street. 120:9 W of Pre
kidfo avenue. ,W 50 by S 127:8>i: $10.
Henry and Grace K Rosenfeld to* Phineas
T*. Ferru*on. lot on K line of Jackron street
214 E of First avenue. NE 77:2'*, SE 129:7-/
to point 2*5:11 '» E of First avenue and 128:4>i
S cf Jackson, and further described a* running
K from point on Firrt aventi* 123:0'i s of
Jarkoon to Cherry. 12S:4?6 S Jackson f»W
72:1 >*, KW 123.O1, : n <( .
. Richard C. and Frank A. Jones to Richard
C Joneji Company lot on E line of Shrader
street, 75 8 of Carl, S 25 by E 100; $10.
Same to same, lot on E line of Shrader'street
M H of Cerl. S 25 by E 1OO: $10.
Eila M. L>1» to C. D. and Marion T. Pcrme
!«■. lot on S line of Natrrna street. 75 E of
Eleventh. EJ!5 by S 75; $10.
City and County of San Francisco to Caro
line A. Snook, lot on K line of Fo!«im street
60 S of Twentieth. S 25 hy E 95; $ .
Michael O'Connor to John O'Connor (l-:t)
Drnnis and Mary A. O'Connor <l-3>. undivided
2-3 of lot on XR corner of Sixteenth and
Lander* streets, N 71 :1«i. NE 50 S 75 0U
W M; 510. '
Estate of Ludwfg Alts<-bul «by Richard
Altactral. executor) to A. C. Knudscn, lot on
XA line of Church street. ISO N of Seventeenth
N :£:« by W 100; $2700.
S*me to Fame, lot commencing 340 R of
Sixteenth street and »0 W of Church W 10
by 8 25: $50.
Same to *im?. lot on W line of Church
••trrct 2ir.:6 N of Seventeenth. N 20:6 by W
H-fl: f 1C00.
. Edward L. Lanflgrecn to John F. Ahearn.
lot en B line of Duboee (Thlrfr-nth) street 1"5
W of Church. W 25 by S JO0; $10
Lucy M. T. Wanztr to Jonathan Anderson.
NARRATES TRIP
THROUGH NORTH
♦
Harry de Windt Delivers Vivid
Lecture on His Attempt to
Find a Patli for Railroad
SUFFERS
PARTY
•'From Paris Jo New York, Over
land," Interestingly Pictur
ed, Pleases a Large Audience
Harry.de Windt. the well-known ex
plorer and traveler. lectured last night
at Lyric Hall on Eddy street. The sub
ject of the lecture was "From Paris to
New York Overland."
De Windt was one of six men who,
al'out three years ago, started from the
French capital in the interest of several
railroad promoters. The party con
fisted of six adventurers, who sought
to find the most feasible route for an
overland railroad between the two
cities that were the subject of his lec
ture.
Wh^n they started from Paris they
took the most northerly route through
Russia and th'en proceeded in almost
a direct easterly line through frozen
Siberia. The aim of the explorers was
to traverse the most northerly section
of Russia's territory. From' the time
of the entrance into Siberia, the party
suffered untold privations.
The provisions ran out and for weeks
at a' time the men existed solely on a
diet of frozen fish. Oftentimes the
r>h found would be in such a decayed
condition that it was almost sure death
to pat it.
The men suffered greatly from the
cold, but, kept doggedly on in their
march to the Bering" Sea. The journey
was one of the longest ever taken by
any explorer in the frozen north. De
AVindt and his men traveled up the
L.»na River, one of Siberia's Rieat ice
streams, for 'J000 miles. Horses and
sleighs were used. When the horses
could no longer be provided with food
th^y were discarded, and 1200 more
milfp was traveled with reindeer.
Fodder for the native animals of the
north became exhausted and for nine
days the parly traveled with dogs.
Several of the ni^n became sick and
at. Irkutsk, in the eastern part of Si
beria, three of them died and were
buried by their fellow travelers.
When the three remaining men. De
Windt. De Clinchamp and a English
man named Hardy, reached the Bering
Sea. they waited for days, seeking sijtnp
means of traversing the ice-blocked
sea. so that they might continue their*
.iournpy down through Alaska and
into the United States*. Finally a
revenue cuiter ,\vas sighted and the
three men were oarrk-d over the water,
to Alaska, from which point they made
tlipir way to this country and civiliza
tion.
Thp lecture was largely attended and
•Dp Windt held the audience, with his
narration of the hardships the party
endured. He told of the Siberian pris
ons and the manner !n which tho Rus
sian fxjles were treated. The lecture
was illustrated with a number of ex
cellent ster^opticon views taken by one
of the party.
lot on BE comer of Twenty-first and Castro
Mr*>«"t« E 155 S 114. W T<n X 3S, W 105. N
T«: $10.
Ifeyer Cohn to Carrie McCauley (wife o£
Janif's H.i. lot on S l!n<» of Washington
ftr«Hrt. 7i> K of Kearny. K 47 :C by S 34 :S; jrlf'..
Conelius Muller to Armln Graff, lot oa N
line of l'n'.on Square avenue. 552:1 E of
Stockton streot. K 22:11 by N CO: Sin.
Cermania Huilding and f>oan Association to
Thiirr.cK nnd Elizabeth <»uthr!e lot on S line
Dl Cl**tttttC street; 275 \V of Kearny. \V 41 :!•
by S 120; $10.
Estate of J«-an for John) Bergerot 'by P. A.
Bcrgerot. administrator* to E. C. (.fapman,
lot on W lino of Storkton street. 08:3 S nf
California. S 19:^ by W ir»7:0. also lot on YV
line of Stockton strept «7:.V j ; S of California.
S If.:* inches W 117:6 X 1 foot, K 117:6;
*54i«O. k
Keiate or Paraclette P. Bergerot (incompe
tent, by P. A. Bergerot. guanlian) to K. C.
Chapmr.n. l«t on W line of Stockton ytreet,
1"7:« N of I'ine, X 43:7 by \V ]::7:K; >11.iK)<>.
Maria H. Cronise (HubbardJ to Eliza F.
HuLbarii Middlf-coff (Hubbar<1) — one-half —
Kliza F. H. Middleooff iHubbard) to Marie
H. Cror.ise <Hubbard) — one-hair — lot on K
corner Fourth and Everett ctreet?. •lisiant lfiO
HW of Howard KE 75, XE 75. SR 5. XE 25,
N"VV 8<> K\\ ICO; $ — .
- E. C. and Nellie I*. Dickinson to Hercules
Manufacturing Company, lot on NE line of
Ninth street. 120 Harrison, .SE &0 by NE
l«i: $10.
T. 1». Riordan to llary J. McEntee <S*jlII
vanl lot r>n E line of San Bruno street I'M)
H of Twenty-third. S M l>y E ]CHi; $10. i
Mary J. McEntee (Sullivan) io Bertha
I»ete:\son. lot on K line of Kan Bruno stiVet, i
1<H» B gf Twenty-third. B W) by E UX): ?10.
John Hunz to Batista r.nil Santina Foppiani.
lot on W lintr of Kansas street. 25 N of
Twenty-fifth N 25 by AV 1<K); $10.
Mary K. Sullivan (wife of Matt C.) to I>ou!b
and J>Hjn;lne Taravelller, lot on S line of
Twenty-second street. 1UO W of Tennessee W
1T> by S »5: $10.
I .aura F. Materne to Frank and Margaret
Welman. lot on E line of Third avenue, 250
S of Lake street, S 25 by E 120; $10.
Phoebe J. Elsan to Maurice and Isaac Marks,
lot on S line of California street. 32:« E of
Twelfth avenue. E 1*5 -toy S 100; $10.
I>anlel Buckley to Amelia Crosy, lot on N
line of Clement street. SI \V or Eighth ave
nue. W 26 by N 10x, (juiltlalm deed; $1.
l>ucy \V. E?ir.iol to l^eon Esmiol, lot on W i
line of First avenue, 172 X of Clement street, i
N 25 by \V 12f>; grant. . ',.
George and Annie B. SchusMer to John Me- :
fulloch, lot on W line of Sixth avenue, 150 ,
N" of A street, N 75 by W 120; $10.
George Macl^eod to Hugh R. Mcl^end, lot
on W line of Forty-third avenue, 130 S of B
street. S 70 by \V 120; jrift.
Jacob Ileyman Company to Nellie R. Stci\-
ell i^vife of J. M.), lot on X line of J street,
107:8 E of Forty-seventh avenue, E 25 bv ;
N r 100; $10.
Emma. Farco (wife of La Fayette) to Louis >
Van Vlack, lot on W line of Thirty-fourth I
avenue, 275 S of L street. S 50 by W 120; S10. ,
1*. L. Roberts to Seraph in and Eugenia Pon- I
cet, lot lf.5, clft map 3: $10. •
S. Ducas Company (corporation) to George
Ryan, lot on E line of Cor.don street, 149 X
of Peralia. N* 23 by E 70, lot 19, George Ryan
subdivision Prec-ita Valley blocks 23* to 236;
$H».
George McLeod to Hugh R. McLeod. lot on
X line of Minerva street. COO W of Plymouth
avenue, W lf;0 by X 125, block g, Railroad
Homestead; gift.
Estate of David L. Farnsworth (by Fannie
P. Farnsworth. ' executrix) to William P.
Tr«i6. lot 29, block (,'. Sunset Heights; $1000. i
Fannie P. Farnsworth to^iame, same, qult
clslm deed; $1. ' W
William P. and Alice F. Todd to J. XV. Rues,
lot on E line of I.r.tta street, 575 S of Par-
Tiassui-, S 25 by E 101, lot 20, block C, Sunset
Heights; $10. \
William and Mary Eisele to v Edwin L. Fors
ter, lot 7. block !>, Sunnj-rale Homestead; $10.
Andrew Chrenlk to Louis, Joseph and Rosle
Chrenik. lot on the X\V line of Arlington
Mreet, 245 XE of Miguel, XE 20 by XW 100
block 16, Fali-mount ;. $10.
Andro Chrenlk to same, lot on XW line of
Arlington street, 21f, XE of Miguel, NE 29
by XW 100, blo«k 1C, «ame; $10.
Builders' Contracts!
C. R. Worrell (owner) with Kerh Bros, (con
tractor?), architect Charles Haynes, all work
for a three-story frame building on -the. W I
line of Masonic avenue. 32:« N of Waller
etreet, W 103:3 by X 27: total, $9500.
Willetta. H. Hendrlckson (owner) -with M. J
: Favage (contractor), architect E. J. Vogel.'ali
work for a three-story frame, hulldlns (fiats)
on X line of Lake street, 27 :« W of Fifth ave
nue, \V 97:!i*i. X 15, W 100:1 84.100, E V23U,
s loo: total, ssooo. Jr'
Goldberg. Bowen & Co. (owner?) with Kern
Bros, (contractor?), architects H. H. Meyera
and C. R. Ward, all work for office over drive
way between Goldberc, Bowen & Co.'e Btore
and California Market: total. $1330.
J. C. Blair (owner) with J. Branch (con
tractor) architect C. H. Barrett, all work ex
cept grading, concrete, plumbing, mantels, gas
fixtures and shades for a three-story and base
ment frame building on XE corner of Twenty
tecond and Fair Oaks streets: total. $5175.
Sarah O'Brien (owner) with L. G. Bergren
(contractor), plans by owner, all work except
mantels, shade*, cas fixtures and survey of
lot for a three-story • frame building (three
flats) on th«* w line of Sanchez street," 23 N
of Henry. 25x100: total. $7C20.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY. FEBRUARY .10. 1004.
LINER GAELIC WILL CARRY FIVE TONS
OF SHOE NAILS FOR JAPANESE ARMY
Occidental and Oriental Steamship Sails To-Day for
the' Far East With Many Passengers and a Big
Cargo, Which Includes Quantity 'of American Flour
MUCH
The Occidental and Oriental Steam
ship Company's, liner Gaelic, Captain
Finch, will sail to-day for the Orient
with SSOO tons of cargo_ and a full list
of passengers. The cargo includes 1100
tons of flour and 400 tons of lead. The
lead'is consigned to Shanghai. Among
the military stores for Japan will be
live tons of shoe nails for the quarter
master's department of the Japanese
army.
Amons the Gaelic's passengers will
be John Fowler. United States Consul
at Chefu. The liner will also carry a
number of war correspondents, some
from Eastern and foreign newspapers
and others poing to the scene of con
flict as free lances.
Will Take Stores to Guam.
The *sh!:> Mary L. Cushing will sail to-day
for Guam with supplies for the naval station.
The store* will be llrhtered ashore on the
barge Emerald, which ha» been purchased
from Thomas CrOWl*F, ar.ti w*ll be carried to
the Fur Kast on the Cunning's deck. The.
Emerald Is something: of a looal marine
celebrity. She was the star attraction at the
na\al parade given on th» bay In honor of the
First California Regiment when that organiza
tion returned- from the Philippines. L'nder
Crowley's deft direction the Emerald's box
like lines were hidden under artfully arranged
drapery and the Chlnepe lantern display, sus
pended from a couple of Jury masts, gave the
Emerald ' tlie aDnearance of an elaborately
decorated yacbt. The only drawback to the
yacht illusion was the Emerald's lack of
motive power; but. even towifcg behind a noisy
gasoline launch, the decorated lighter gained
an honorable mention In th? accounts of th.>
demonstration. One patriotic enthusiast went
so far as to charter the Emerald. He aban
doned ship, however, when he discovered liT
lack of motive power and climbed Telegraph
Hill to *ret a better and steadier view of the
parade.
Many Booked for Tahiti.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's liner
Mariposa will call at 11 o'clock to-morrow
morning for Tahiti with a large number of
passengers. This South Sea voyage la becoming
the voKUe. an<l knowledge of Its delights has
roarhed the old world. Among the Mnriposa's
passengers on this trip will be. a party of
tourists from Continental Ei'rone, as well an
a number of prominent Easterners. Misa
Beatrice Grlmshaw of the editorial .staff of the
Jxindon Graphic will be one of the Mariposa'8
passengers.
First of Arctic Fleet to Snil.
The schooner Gotama, which will sail to
day for the Far North, will be first of the
Arctic whalerst to get away on the new
Btason'ft cruise. She anchored In tm» stream
yesterday and c 'a main Macomber was busy
all day shipping his crew and attending to the
final details of provisioning his vessel. ■ She
rleared at the Custom-house and will be ready
for sea early this morning.
A'entnra's Sailing Hour Changed.
Owing to the late errival at New York of
the British- Australian mail, the calling of . the
Oceanic SteamsWp Company's liner Ventura
has be*n postponed until 8 o'clock Friday
evening.
Tho Overdue List.
The British bark Almora, out 135 days from
Caleta Buena for New York, -was placed'on the
overdue lUt yesterday at 15 per cent. The
other overdues were quoted as follows:
Thecdor. 25 oer cent; Martaban, 90. per cent;
Robert Rlckmers, 15 per cent; Dochra, 40 per
cent.
Ship McLamin Sold.
The ehlp McLaurln was sold yesterday at
private sale for $5000. Captain L. A. Peder
uon was the purchaser.
Charters.
The British ship Red Rock Is chartered for
wheat and flour ffom Portland to a direct
port In the United Kingdom at 20s. The
British bark Zinita^is chartered . for lumber
from Puget Sound 0 Melbourne or Adelaide
at 31s 3d.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
Tuesday, February 9.
Stmr North Fork. Nelson. 27 hours from
Eureka.
Ger stmr Memphis. Reiner, from Hamburg
via Seattle.
Stmr Santa Monica, Olflen, 74 hours from
Grays Harbor, bound south. •
. stmr Maggie, Corning, 314 hours from Half
moon Bay.
Stmr Centennial, Strand, 81 hours from Se
attle. 1
Stmr Marshfield, . De^tmers, 53 hours from
San Pedro..
Stmr Brooklyn, Johnson, 14 hours. from
Mendocino.
Stmr Porno, Wlnkel, - 14 hours from Albion,
via Point Arena 12 hours. -
Stmr Alcatraz, Carlson/ 14 hours from Green
wood. -
Strnr Centralia,, Erlckson. 70 hours from
Grayis Harbor, bound to Santa Barbara; put
In to land passengers.
CLEARED.-
Tuesday, February 0.
Grr etmr Memphis Renter, Seattle and
Hamburg: J. D. Sprcckels & Bros. Co.
WHALING SCHOONER GO
TAMA, WHICH SAILS TO
DAY FOR THE NORTH.
Schr Gotama. Macomber. whaling cruise; J. !
H. Sellers. .
SAILED.
Tuesday, February 9.
Stmr National City, Hammar. Fort Bragg.
Stmr Centralia. Erlckson. Sajita Barbara.
Stmr Gipsy Leland. Santa Cruz.
Stmr Maggie. Corning, Halfmoon Bay.
Stmr Sp.nta Cruz, Alberts, San Pedro.
Stmr MarshfieUl. Dettmers. Hardy Creek.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBO.S. Feb. 9. 10 p. m.— Weather
clear, wind west, velocity 0 mtlea per hour.
' SPOKEN.
Jan 2ft— In lat 7 S, long 33 W. Br ship Scot
tish Hills, from Hamburg, for Honolulu.
Jan 15 — In lat 33 S, long 13 W, Br ship Dud
hope, from Antwerp, for Port Los Angeles.
Jan l.'i— In rat 20 S, long 30 W, Br ship
r>onni> Franclsca, from Liverpool, for San
Francisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
CASPAR— Sailed Feb 9— Stmr Sot*th Coast,
for Kan Francisco.
BLAKELEY— Arrived Feb 9— Schr Blake
ley, from Mull, ndo »
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Feb 9— Slir.r Lakme,
from Eureka; etmr Coos Bay, hence Feb 5;
stmr Eureka hencej-'eb 8.
Sailed, Feb U — Stmr San Gabriel, for
Umoqua.
TACOMA— Arrived <Feb 9— Fr bark Marie,
from Port Townsend; «chr King Cyrus, from
San Pedro.
BELLINGHAM— Arrived Feb 9— Schr Fear
less, from San Pedro.
COOS BAY— Sailed Feb 9 — Schr James A.
Garfleld. for San Diejo; schr North Bend, for
San Francisco; stmr Arcata. for San Fran
cisco; stmr Empire for San Francisco.
Arrived Feb 0— Stmr Czarina, hence Feb 7.
EUREKA — Sailed Feb 9 — Stmr Alliance, for
Portland: stmrs Noyo and Arctic, for San
Francisco; bktn George C. Perkins, for Hono
lulu; schr Mary Dodge, for San Pedro.
Arrived Feb 7— Stmr W. H. Kruger, hence
Feb J5; etmr Arctic hence Feb 6. (
AVrived Feb 8 — Stmr Navarro. from Band
ers Landing; stmr Corona, hence Feb 7; stmr
Pasadena hence Feb 6; stmr Newsboy, hence
Feb 6; BchrEva. from Hilo; etmr Alliance, ,
hence Feb 7.
Arrived Feb 9 — Stmr Eureka, hence Feb 8.
Sailed Feb 8— Stmr North Fork, -for San '
Francisco. . -
TATOOSH — Passed Feb 9 — Br ship Pass
of Balmaha. from Port Blakeley. for Callao.
BANDON — Arrived Feb 9 — Stmr Chlco,
hence Feb 5.
ASTORIA — Arrived Feb 9— Stmr Oregon,
hence Feb 7; U 8 stmr Dlx, hence Feb 5.
JUNEAU— Sailed Feb 8— Stmr Bertha, for
Seattle. '
VICTORIA— Sailed Feb 9— Jap stmr Kaga
Maru for China and Japan.
. SEATTL r — Arrived Feb 9 — Stmr Montaro,
hence Feb «. ' ,, \. . o u i:r t ,'* l J!* !
* AbE.Kufc.i^N— Arrived Feb 8^ — Schr H. D.
Bendixsen, from San Pedro; schr Nokomls,
hence Jan 18. •
Sailed Feb 8— Schr Emma Utter, for San
Francisco.
I1UENEME— Arrived Feb 9— Stmr Melville
Dollar, from San Pedro.
ASTORIA— Sailed Feb 8— Stmr George W.
Elder and stmr Prqntiss, for San Francisco.
PORT HADLOCK— Arrived Feb 9— Schr Ar
thur B. from Alaska.
SEATTLE— Sailed Feb 9— Jap stmr Kaga
Maru. for China and Japan.
SOUTH BEND— Sailed Feb 9— Stmr Rival,
for San FranciJ^o. -
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU— Sailed Feb ' 9— Stmr China,
for San Francisco; etmr Korea, for Yoko
hama.
Arrived Feb 0— U S stmr Sheridan, hence
Feh 1.
HANA— Sailed Feb 5— Schr James Rolph.
for San Franeinco.
HONOLULU— Arrived prior to Feb 9— Stmr
Sonoma^ from San' Francisco, for Auckland
and Syd»ey, N. S.' W.
EASTERN PORTS.
DELAWARE BREAKWATER— Arrived Feb
7— Swed stmr Marie, from Salaverry.
NEW YORK— Arrived Feb ,9— Stmr City of
Washington, from Colon.
• FOREIGN PORTS.
SHANGHAI— Arrived Feb 5— Ger Ftmr Al
benga, from Hongkong, for New York.
CALLAO— Arrived Dec 27— Br ship King
David from Port Ludlow.
SINGAPORE— Arrived Feb 7— Br stmr In
drawadl, from New- York. ■
ALGOA BAY — Arrived Feb 7 — Br sMp
' Ardencraljr from Oregon.
TENERIFFE— Arrived Feb fi— Ger stmr
Ramses, hence November 8, for Hamburg.
TABLE BAY— Arrived prior to Feb 8— Br
bark Falklrk, from Chemalnus.
SYDNEY — Arrived - prior to Feb 9-^Br bark
May field, hence Dec 9. - -'V
MELBOURNE— Arrived prior to j Feb 9— Br
ship Cambuskennetb, from Port Blakeley,
. YOKOHAMA— Sailed Feb - 9— St stmr Doric,
for San Francisco.
.SHANGHAI— Sailed Feb 0— Bktn Koko
Head, for Port Townsend.
ANTWERP — In port Jan 27 — Br ship Hamp
ton, for Port Los Angelee.
MALTA— Arrived Feb 6 — Br stmr Birming
ham, from Norfolk for Manila.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Jan 26— Br ship
Stronsa, for San Francisco, via, Cardiff.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK- Arrived Feb 9 — Stmr Palatla,
from (Jenoa.
Sailed Feb 9 — Strar Kaiser WUhelm der
Grcsse. for Bremen, via Plymouth and Cher
bourg; Br stmr Jesserlc, for China; stmr Yu
catan, for Colon. •
NAPLES — Arrived Feb 8— Stmr California,
fom New York; -stmr Calabria, from' Leg
horn, Jor New Vork.
FUNCHAL. MADEIRA— Arrived Feb S —
Stmr Augusie Victoria, from New York, fcr
Genoa, etc.
ANTWERP— Arrived Ceb 9— Stmr Zeeland,
from New York.
CHUIHTIANSAND— Sailed Fob 3— Stmr Os
car II. for New York. Feb t>— Stmr Island, for
New York.
HAMBURG— Sailed Feb 7— Stmr ArcaTjIa,
for Philadelphia.
NEW YORK— Sailed Feb 9— Br stmr Jes
seric. for China; stmr Yucatan, for Colon.
3Iovements of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE
Steamer. From. Due.
Empire Coos Bay & Pt. Orford.;Feb. 10
Arcata • Coos Bay & Pt. OrfordlFeb. 10
Edith Tacoma .|Feb. 10
Mera Seattle JFeb. 10
S.Monica Grays Harbor |Feb. 10
Arctic Humboldt ■ IFeb. 10
San Jose New York via Panama. Feb. 10
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Pts.iFeb. 10
Leelanaw j Tacoma |Feb. 11
S. Barbara... j .Seattle & Olympia !Feb. 11
Kureka i Humboldt jFeb. 11
Elizabeth ' Coqullle River |Feb. 11
Corona .'Humboldt I IFeb. 11
Wyefleld ; Nanalma !Feb. 11
Chehalls 'San Pedro JFeb. 11
CityPuebla.. j Puget Sound Ports |Keb. 11
Point Arena.. I Mendocino & Pt. Aren.ilFeb. 11
Santa Ro»a... San Diego & Way Pts.JFeb. 11
M. Dollar San Pedro (Feb. 12
Rival Wiilapa Harbor .|Feb. 12
Chlco Coqullle River IFeb. 12
Wellington. . . Oyster Harbor Feb. 13
Czarina Coos Bay.. Feb. i:t
DelNorte.... Crescent City Feb. 14
Pomona 1 Humboldt ..Feb. 14
Nevadan Honolulu -ft Kahulul. . .'Feb. 14
Santa Cruz... .Newport & Way Port*. | Feb. '14
Oregon Portland & Astoria iKeb. 14
Jennie Seattle & Tacoma. .... .|Feb. It
Rainier Seattle & Whatcom 'Feb. 1*
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts.iFeb. 15
Porno. Point Arena &■ Albion, .j Feb. 1«
Alanieda Honolulu (Feb. It;
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports. ...Feb. 16
China China & Japan IFeb. 16
City Panama. New York via Panama. [Feb. 17
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. |Feb. IS
Claverlng Hongkng v. ManzanllloiFeb. 18
North Fork... Humboldt IFeb. is
G. W. Elder.. Portland A Astoria |Feb. 19
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
February 10.
Newburg... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
O. Llndauer Astoria & Portland 6 pm Pia* 8
S. Monica.. Los Angeles Ports. 2 pm Pier 2
Iaqua Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Gaelic....:. China & Japan 1 pm Pier 40
Queen Puget Sound Ports 11 ami Pier 8
Sequoia Grays Harbor .. 4 pm|Pier 2<1
Pomona.... Humboldt l:30p|Pier 0
February 11. I . |
G. Dollar.:. Grays Harbor. ... ..f 4 pmlPler 20
SanPedxo.. Humboldt 10 am! Pier 2
Centennial.. Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm|Pier 20
Mariposa. .. Tahiti direct It ampler 7
Porno Pt. Arena. & Albion fi pm Pier 2
State Cal... San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
February 12.
Chehalis.... Grays Harbor* 3 pm Pier 2
Ventura Sydney & Way Pts. 2 pm Pier 7
Arcata Coos B. & Pt. Orfrd 10 am Pier 13
Elizabeth.. Coqullle River 5 pm Pier 20
G. W. Elder Astoria & Portlandlll am Pier 24
Mera Hamburg & Way. 112 m Pier 19
North Fork. Humboldt | 5 pm Pier 20
February 13. I
Corona Humboldt 11:30 p Pier 9
Eureka Humboldt ........ 9 am! Pier 13
Pt. Arena.. Pt. Arena & Mdcno 4 pnVPler 2
Arctic Humboldt ft amlPler 2
City Para.. N. Y. via Panama. 12 mlPier 40
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way. 9 am'Pler 11
. February 14.
S. Rosa San Diego & Way.| 9 amlPler 11
February 15. | |
CityPuebla Puget Sound Ports. |tl amlPler 9
February 16,
S.-Barbara. Seattle & Olympia 4 pm Pier 2
Rival WUlapa Harbor.... .4 pm Pier 20
Chlco Coquille River.....! 6 pmiPier 2
February 17. I
Oregon Astoria & Portlandlll amlPler 21
February 18. |
Nevadan... Hono. & Kahului. 2 pm! Pier 25
Jeanie...... Seattle & Tacoma. 10 am|Pier 2
Rainier Seattle & Whatcra 4 pmlPier 10
February 20. ! j
S.an Jose.... N. Y. via Panama. |12 mlPier 40
Alameda... Honolulu... IllamlPler 7
Umatilia... I Puget Sound Ports. [11 am | Pier 9
FROM SEATTLE.
. Steamer. For. I Sails.
' j
Bertha....... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts.iFeb. 10
Farallon. ..... Skagway & Way Ports. IFeb. 10
Cottage City. . Skagway & Way Porte. Feb. 12
Dirigo 4 LSkagway 4t AV'ay Ports. | Feb. 10
Santa Ana.... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts.iFeb. l«
Dolphin I Skagway & Way Ports. [Feb. 16
Sun, Moon and Tide.
united States Coast and Geodetic Survey
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From rage Fifteen.
feet. ?3 !Wt4: Picket". ?1'J®2G: Shinsdes. $2'for
No. 1 and $1 50 for No. 2; Shakes. $KJ for split
and $14 for pawn; Rustic. $2&@:il.
COTTON— The recent shipment of ::»:0O bales
cf rotten, amounting- to 41 carload*, from
Houston. Texas, via the Southern Pacific, for
Japan, via San Francisco, la a record ship
ment fc far as Oriental shipments are con
cerned.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 9.
Flour, qrsks... 4,605) Hops bales .... W
AVheat. ct!s .... SoO Corn.' ctls 6^3
Barley ctls .... 2,410' Feed sks ••
Oat?, ctls 1,040 Tallow ct!s 271
Rye ctls 700; Pelts. No 443
Beans sks .1.29S' Hides. No 637
Potatoes, sks ... 3. 49O Quicksilver, ftsks 2R
Onions, Fks .... SiiO leather, rolls ... "4
Bran, ska CPO Wine, gala 31,C."«>
Middlings, sks .. 775 ■ Paper rms ! 31
Hay. tons 243 ! Lime, bbls 4CS
Straw, tons 15| -^ .
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks. . .11>.4O*J Cran sks 14.6C4
AVheat. ctls 8.330 Middlings. »ks... 1.5S7
Oats ctls^ 7,300 Feed sks l.SSO
STOCK 3IARKET.
Continued Inactivity in the Local
Securities.
i
The market for local securities ccntlnued j
Inactive, and quotations showed little ••Varia
tion. Spring Valley Water was weak at $vi>*.
There was a sale of Merchants' Exchange Bank
at $C0.
The Phillips Oil Company paid a monthly
dividend of 20 per cent on the paid-up capital
siock on February 1.
The city of Portland. Or., is offering for sate
$40O.0(X> bridge bond* and $50,000 ferry bonds,
to run thirty years.
STOCK AX1> BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESQAY. Feb. »— 2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. | Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup.. 107 108 ,4k qr cp n«wl32H133V I
4s qr reg... — lCT'iSs qr coup. .106'i 107'.* I
MISCELLAXEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W tm. — — O T Co «s.11!> —
Hay CPC .1s.lC2\i — Do 5s H» —
Cal C G .'islO^VjlOS Do con fls.102 —
Cal G & E g Ocean'.'- S T*. — 75
m & ct 5a. — 10* Om Cable tis.l22'il-4 1 i I
Cal-st C 5s.ll* — Pac G Im 4s. »4 »•*
C C Wat 5a. — HH P E Ry Sa.103%103^
E<1 L & P «a.l25 l.U P &■ C H f.sAKl —
F & C H 6s. — 120 P & O R 6s. 1I« —
Gcar>--st 5s.. 45^ 90 Powell-st «1».112«^ —
H C&S 5'..«iS.104 — Sac EG&R53 — lOO'-i
Do 8s .... — lOOt-i SF & S.IV5s.llS% —
Hon R T Hs.106 107 Sierra R «.«. — 112>i
L A Elec 5s. — 104l{ S P of A «»
\. A P.y 5s.. 114 115 (inW) 10.".% —
L A L Co fis — — (1910) 103'j —
Do ctd Os. — — S P of C 6s
Do Ktd 5s.ia3%10&H |180B)Sr A.1(Ut 4 l04% i
LAP lem Ss.lOOH — (l!)05»Sr B.K3 1O5 |
Mkt-st C 6s.ll6ft — »190fi) ....HM5U1O7'<, |
Do 1cm 5s. 11. % 116 (1912) — 119
MV& MtT.'.s.lflt — |SPC 1 eg 5s. — — |
XRR r,f C6s. lOK — - j Do ?tmpd.insi-ilO93i
Do . r .s IIS 120 S P B R 69.134 — I
x p c n r.s.iiM»ii()5»i s. v w «s..iot —
N C Ry 5s. — 114 Do 4s 2dm. »»'i 09S !
N C P C 5s. — 1(10 ! Do 4s 3<1m. 09 —
N8RR 5s<.ino lOO^Ptkn G&E Ks — 100
O G L&H .-is.108 — ll'CAE Ss. — 106 I
O W" gtd 5s. — DO I
WATER STOCKS'.
Contra Costa — 41 j Port Costa.. — —
Marin Co... — «S5Y.|8 V W Co. 37*i S3
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent LAP.— 4 ;s F G & E. 5Si; 57'4
Mutual EL.— 12 iUkn O & E ■ .1 —
I'ac L Co... .'»6 — I.' G & E... — 30
Sac E G & R — — i
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
S F G & E. — — |
♦ INSURANCE.
FirenVs Fnd — 315 I
. BAXK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk.. — mo |L P ft A... — 170
Anglo-Cal .. 86 88^ Mer Trust. .. — 2SQ
Bank of Cal. — — Merch Ex... — 63
Cal Safe Dp. — 147'iiS F Xationl. — —
First Xationl — — I
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L. — 230O Sav & L So. — 100
Hum SAL.— — Sec Sav/ Bk. — 450
Mutual Sav. 100 — Union T Co. — —
S F Sav L*.l£>9 WW)
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..187li20R ( Preaidio 39*4 *2*£
Geary — 80 «
POWDER.
Giant Cl Bl%| Vlgorlt 3»4 —
SUGAR.
liana P Co. — Nic 1 Kllauea S C. — 5
Hawaiian C. 44 45 t Makaweli C. 19 20
lionokaa S C — IS * Onoraea S C 23 29
Hutch S P C 8 8?;tPaauhau S C 11 —
MISCELLAXEOUS.
Alaska P A.139Ts — 'Oceanic S Co 5 BU
Cal F C A. »6 974|Pac Aux FA. R — '
Cal Wine A. — 95 | Pac C Borx.187
MV& M Tm.lOO — I
Morning Session.
■ Board— * •
B0 Paauhau S P Co IT 50
20 Pacific Auxiliary Fire Alarm 5 25
70 S F Gas and Electric. 56 80
, $7000 Pacifjc Electric Ry 5» 1H6 50
$:;ooo s r*& s j v 5s: us 50
: SIMM) S P of C Cs (1903. Series A) KM 2T»
105 Serins Valley Water Co, s 90 SS 00
30 Spring Valley Water Co 38 00
.Street —
10 Merchants' Exchange Bank 6O CO
$10<JO Pacific Electric Ry 3s 103 50
Afternoon Session.
10 Alaska Packers' Assn '....140 Crt
$1000 X P C R R 5s ;...1O5 00
6 Panuhau S P Co .' n 50
Street —
.-•O Makaweli 20 0O
$1000 S V 4s (2d mtge) <K) 25
Unlisted Securities. ■
MISCELLAXEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask. Bid \«k
Bay CPC 6s. 95 100 Sun Tel 6s. 112 H4U
B L Wat Cfis — 120 Do 5s .»..102«
SF Drdk r.s.lCO 112^4 Sutter-st Rs.lOS M3
SF & XP 5s.ll0»i — URR of SF4s 79"^S0U
S P Co iVjS- OS 90
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S Co... — 2.1 Nat Bk ofDO
Am Bis Co.. — 87'i Mills & Co.300 —
Cal Cot Mils — 95 i Xev Nat Bk 197»4
Cal G&E Cor 4O — X S R R... 10
C Jockey C. 09 120 iN C P Co... S".: 9
Cal Powder :i2O — OakBk of Sv.lOft —
Cal Ship Co. 13 — oak T Con. 65
Cal T I & T — 155 IOOF Hall A 6% —
Cen Bk Oak 61 • — Orpheum Co. — 16K
Chutes Co... 754 «. Pac S Tel Co — 105
City & C Bk. — 112 Paraf Pa'nt. 30
East Dynm..20O — 3F Drjdck C «0 — .
First Xat Bk SF&SJ Coal. 18 23ti
of Oaklnd.120 — S J Wat Co. — 106
Fischer'* Thr — 2',i ShlpO & Mer
Frnch-A Bk.102i.il05 Tgboat Co. — 165
Gas Con A. 19>4 2t Swiss-A Bk.lU —
Hono P Co. — 10% Truck Elec. — 13
Lon& SF Bk — 68 UR InvC pfd 45t4 —
Mat Nav Co — 90 Do com... lOtfr
Morning Session.
$10,000 United R R of S F 4s. 79 50
' 1
California Stock & Oil Exchange.
Oil Stocks -• Bid. Aske(I .
Alma ....
Apollo » 45
Associated Trust Cert.. .... 19
Aztec '.... "h^K
at Fort Point, entrance to San Franei«eo
I Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent. , *■
NOTE — The high and , low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about -^
minutes later than at Fort Point; the hei-ht
of tide Is the same at both places. 5
WEDNESDAY. FEBRUARY 10.
Sun rises...... ! 7-nR
Sun seis. --•--.. .
Moon rises '.*/¥:«'*■. m.
0 [Time! ITimeJ ITimej jtirnlj
2. I 1 Ft. i i Ft. Ft. Ft
? |L W| |H W] |L VT\ |H W|
10 0:14| 2.9! fi:4fi| 5.4! 1:491 0.4! 8:441 .is
II 1:17 3.0! 7:41 5.R 2:40! O.I 0-4" 4 : t
12 2:1« 3.11 8:34 5.5t 3:27 0.0 H> : 2X I"
13 3:08 3.0! 9:22 5.51 4:0S ( — 0.1 U07I ir
14 3:52 3.0110:07 5.4 4:40— 4X1 11:431 5c7
15 4:32| 2.8110:44 5.3| 5:12! 0.1 ...'..|.._!
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time- the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are' In
addition to, the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus 1— >
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given bv
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
; of the lower low waters. •
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U S. N Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco,' Cal
February f». .. • -7.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day—
i. e.. at noon of the i20th meridian, or at S
p. m. Greenwich time. J A C. BURNETT •
Lieutenant, v' S. N.. in charge.
DELAWARE WITNESSES IN
•BOTKIN" C.\SE ALJi HEADY
Question of Compensation for Two
Only Thing S:cnclius "» Way of
Their Departure.
District Attorney Byington received
a letter from Attorney General
cf Delaware yesterday informing him
that all the witnesses there in the case
of Mrs. Cordelia Botkin. charged with
th<? murd°r of Mrs. Elizabeth P. Dun
ning at Dover, Dela.. by sending her
a box cf poisoned candy thioujrh the
mails, were in readiness to start for
California. Professor WolfT. who marts
an analysis- of the poisoned candy, and
Dr. Dowries, one of the physicians who
attended Mrs. Dunning prior to her
death, were still insisting, however, on
being guaranteed $1000 compensation
each besides their traveling expenses
and expenses at the trial.
In speaking of the letter, the Dis
trict Attorney said: '"I have not yet
heard from Governor Ilunn of Dela
ware in answer to my letter suggesting
that hi3 State should .bear a portion of
the expenses, as it did not contribute
one cent to the cost of the former trial,
even in view of the fact that Delaware
was as much interested in the convic
tion of the woman, charged with a most
atrocious crime, as California. Lntu
I hear from the Governor. I will not be
in a Dosition to know when I will bo
ready for irial and I hope that under
the circumstances a continuance will be
granted next Monday when the case 13
called for trial."
Garnett Writ Dismissed.
$ The application for "a writ of habeas
corpus for the release of Alexander Y>.
Garnett, charged with the murder of
Major J. W. McCIun-r. came up before
Judge Cook yesterday. The Juds»
denied the writ without argument on
the ground that he had no jurisdic
tion. The application had been made
to Judge Seawell and assigned by him.
to Judge Cook, instead of by the pre
siding Judge. The arguments before
Judge Lawlor on the motions to dis
miss the information and appoint a.
t-ommicsion to take the deposition of
Mrs. LilliiMi Hitchcock-Coit in New
York wertr postponed till to-day.
California Standard 12 ....
Caribou 1 7.1 1 93
Central Point Con 63 •■••
Chicago Crude .' -',•!« ;> ••■•
Claremont "'*
Eaperanza 1 Zn ....
Four »0 '
Fulton 4 °^
niant
Hanford 14*. n*i
Home 1 15 11'"
l;nperiai : 17 CO
Independence 13 ••••
Junction ••••
Kern «W 4 "0
Kern River 10 »•>
Lion ••••
Monarch of Arizona ..^ 4ft ....
Monte Cr:.">;o "> ....
Occidental of W Va 1^
Oil City Petroleum «•> 33T'
Peerle3d 13 50
I*kt«burg 22
Reed Crude 4 60 4 7'»
S F & McKittri-k ....
Han .1. •>.•! i'n O & D ....
Senator . . . KO ....,
Sovereign to ....
.Sterling 2 .Krt
Superior 05 07
Thirty-three 6 »«> 7<»
Toltec IS 20
Twenty-eight ....
West Shore ....
Miscellaneous —
Abby I.an>! & Improvement.. 1 "0 1 40
Alamerla Sugar ....
American Biscuit ....
.American District Tel , ....
I Cal Gas & Electric Corv ••••
', California Cotton Mills ....
; California Jock«v Club ....
i California Shipplns Co 12 £f> ....
Cal Title In* Jfc Trust
• 'entrai Bank of Oakland ~n VO
Chutes Company
i Cypress Lawn Imp Co fit'
I Fischer's Theater : 1 30 2 l-'4
Gas Consumers' Association 20 00
Honolulu Sugar 1 *
Northern Cal Powder 9 ro 0 .%0
North Shore Railroad ....
Orphwim Company 16 »ki ....
Pacific States Tel & Tel "....
; Parafflne Paint ?.O ....
( San Franc'.'co Drydock ....
; Sanitary P.edurtifn Works... 1 70 ....
! Pausalifo Land & Ferry ....
: Sptrry Flour t'empany ....
! Standard Electric ....
I TcMa Coal Co ....
i Trucked Electric .... ....
1'nlon Susrar ....
United Gas & Electric .... ....
jkicming Session.
SO*) Senator " «W "
10 Sovereign ." 4ft
[ 5C00 Chicago erude IT
I 1000 Claremont *. !"►
; 100 Independence 15
500 Monarch 40
; . Afternoon Session. *
I lW Illinois Crude 130
! 100 Indeoenderfc* 15
I 1100 Oil City Petroleum 32
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following wer<» the sales on the San Fran-
Cisco Stock and Exchange Boar* yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Andes S2| 7HO Occidental ... 7«
10O Belcher 3S, 20O Overman .... XS
300 Bullion 0«! 5O O\-«rman 30
.100 Con C & V...1 en! 10O Ophir 3 7.»
1C0 Con NT 04 1 10O Sierra Nev... Sa
200 Crown Point!. 26 1 100 Yellow Jacket hZ
200 Mexican 1 55|
. . Afternoon Session.
i 20O Andes Ml 10O HouM & Cur. 4t
10O Belcher ..... 31| 1CO X Justic* 07
ICO Bullion 0T»; 1 CO Mexican 1 SO
loo Caledonia ....1 CO .10O Overman .... SI
10O Challenge ♦- 22 100 Potosl H
10O Challenge ... 21 lt» Savage .......4ft
4CO Con C & V. ..1 BS| 200 S»eg BelcheT.. 08
BOO Con Imperial. 02 200 Union Con... 76
300 Crown Point.. 23' '■■•-.
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the «alea on th» Faciflo
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
ICO Andes 31 ICOExchequer ..J. IS
300 Belcher 33 100 Gould & Cur. 41
100 Caledonia. 1 0» 20O Mexican ...1 52S
200 Chollar 21 1 20O Ophlr S -5
S0O Chollar 20 1 ICO Ophir 3 SO
SCO Con C & V...1 «n\ 1W Sierra Nev... 57
100 Con C A V.I 57*ii 200 Union Con... Rft
4D0 Crown Point.. 2fi! 200 Union Con... 7*
300 Crown Point.. 25 1 2C0 Yellow Jacket 52
Afternoon Session.
100 Belcher 31 20O Crown Point.. 24
fiCO Bullion 06 20O Mexican .'....1 .V>
20ft Caledonia ....1 00 1 Oft Savage ...... 4I»
SCO Challenge ... 24 10ft X'nlon Con... 77
100 Con C & V.I 57U 500 Yellow Jacket 33
15C0 Con Imperial €2
TONOPATI MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fraa
ctsco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
400 Evelyn 25 1 50O Mont Ton. 71 37 »^
1500 MacNamara . 2T. 10Ci> Ray & OB.. 0C
WV> MacNamara . 22 2<m Ton Midway. 4S
KiOO MacNamara . 20 W)O Ton Midway. U
lOO Mont Ton ..140| too Ton Midway. 43
v Afternoon Session.
22!V> Esperanxa ... 01! 1 00 Ton TVlmont. ♦«
2.V> Mont Ton..t.t" 1^ 200 Ton Midway. 4.t
: S0O Mont Ton 140. 1100 Ton Midway. 44
1(10 Mont Ton..l 42 l i sno Ton of Nev.n •*>
1C00 Kescue Ofi JOO Ton. N Star.. 35
SCO Ton Belmont. Wll
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY. Feb. 9—4 p. m
BW.A*lc.| . BIAAJk.
Alpha 07 »:s, Justice n~ 1*
Alta C*» OS Kentuck 03 04
Andes SI "12 K. Graessler. — 1 7S
"Kelcner ">(> 32 I^idy Wash...— 07
Best & Belch. 1 .0 1 0Oj Mexican . t 4.*. 1 in
\ Bullion 05 W> Occidental .. 7S *n
I Caledonia .... OS 1 t)0[ophlr 3 70 3 7S
Challenge ... 21* 23, Overman 31 .-.2
Chollar I* 11»! Potosl is .19
I Confidence ...1 W» I 15j Savage 3S 3!»
i Con C & V...1 W> I RS Scorpion (Ki pi:
Ton Imperial: 02 OT.lSeg Belcher.. <>.'> 07
Con N Y 04 C5| Sierra Nev... 5fi 57
I Crown Point.. 2» 25' Silver Hill... t"> fit;
I E Sierra Nev. — ; C3 St Lculs I:: 20
• Eureka Con.. — SO Syndicate ... 04 us
f Exchequer ... 15 17 Union Con... 7rt 77
Gould & Cur. 4') 42 t;tah 21 "•»
Hale & Norc. 7«) SO Yellow Jacket 52 53
Julia 05 OK'
TONOPAH MINES.
Bld.Ask Eid.Ask.
Colehan — 17 Ton Belmont. 83 «r!
Esperanza ... — 01 Ton 6 Ca.\:.. -~ r:
Gold Anchor. IS —Ten txten... 70 jjo
Han Mutual. — 25 Ton Fraction. — 43
MacNamara .1. 21 Ton of N*ev..« i»> 7 at
Mont Ton 1 35 1 4" Ton N Star.. 31 31!
,N Y Ton — 04 Ton Midway; 4:: II
Paymaster ... 10 13 Ton f- S Lako 15' -
Hay Rxten... — 201 Ton 'Superior. — 2.*.
Bay. & O'B.. — 10 l.nite.l Ton.. — 12
, Kescua 05 06' West End.... t* —COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
H'all-strcct Stocks from I to 3 'points higher.
Litton quotations continue to break under active trading.
Not much activity in local Stocks and Bonds.
Silver advances 5-8C. Exchange rates undisturbed.
IV heat Futures higher. Freight rates unchanged.
Las.li and future Barley higher, ivith mere business.
Oats strong. Corn still rising and Rye firmly held.
llcur and Millstuifs in fair demand and steady.
Heavy arrivals of Bran from Oregon. Market steady.
Rumors that Japan wants Hay in this market.
No further change in Beans and Seeds.
Butter in larger receipt and slightjy lower.
Cheese market still overstocked and depressed.
Sudden increase in Egg receipts, ivith some northern orders*
Dried Fruits in better demand and steadier.
Pniv.es and Raisins in ample supply and quiet.
Proz-isions higher at Chicago, with active buying.
Hides and Lcatiicr firmer, owing to the Oriental nxir.
Hops quiet but very steady, with light stocks.
Potato market quiet and controlled by speculators.
Or.iov.s still higher. Receipts of southern Vegetables light.
Low prices for Oranges stimulating the demand. Limes higher.
iMrgc line of Hides bought by an Eastern buyer.
Salt nominal, with quotations down about to cost.
Retail Meat Prices.
The following retail prices for meat* ar»
quoted by the Retail Butchers* Protective As
sociation:
BEEF— Prime Reast, 15@18e; Porterhouse
ftcak, lPg22Uc: Tenderloin Steak. 15©18e;
Firloin Bteek, 124©15c; Top Round Steak,
124c; Beef 6t*w, 10c; Com Beef, SglOc; Soup
Bon^, 4c; Soup Meat 5@10c.
VEAL — Loin Ro&rt 15620c; Ehoulder Roaet,
12i,$15c; Chops and Cutlets. lSff20c; Stew.
32Hfil5c. T
MUTTON— L«g, 15c; Forequarter. 124c;
Slew frQlOc; Prime Chops 15620c.
LAMB— Leg. . 20c; Forequarter. 124015c;
Hindquartcr, 18620c; Ehoulder Roast, 124c;
Chepe 20c.
PORK— Roaet. 12 4@18c; Chops. lSglSc.
These prices do not cover the cheaper grades,
fc> it is impossible to quote regular prices on
ttem.
Dried Fruits in Nezv York.
Mail advice* from New York say: 'The
feature of the market was the increasing in
terest in apricots an-1 j:>eacheF. The demand
lor the former came from both home and ex
port buyers and involved a number of carlnad
lots for shipment from the coast at SQ8H<|
t. o. b. for chfiic? Southern and up to De f. o. b.
for (hoice YaeavlUe in bags. Stocks hfie and
on the NMt arc said to be light. For loaches,
in a-ldiiicn !« a good demand from local buy
ers th»>re is raid to Ixi u considerable inquiry
frcm interior markets, a? pric*-? here are un
derstood to be below coast parity. The situa
tion i:i prQMI on the spot if still unsatisfac
tory, the inorement Into consumption being
dis-ippointlng'y t!o-.v. The tone of the market
i>- cut--} . but prices have not declined quotably.
T*ier«- is little if any intr-ccst manifested t>>'
buyers i:i th«? raiFin situation. %~h«-y appear to
have ail ihey ne*-d for the present and aie not
inclined to * anticipate tuture regulrements.
eince prten are for the balance ct
the season. The ir-orts of a weaker primary
market hav«* f-ncourcged «"~<irie of the larger
Jiuyer* of < arrant* to try trie spot market w itii
bid* of 4%c OB considerable quanUtlff. but
th.y faileJ to cbtain ttift poods. Dates and
tips were <j'Ji-»l and unchanged."
Wool Clip of 1903.
The faUcwios review of the wool trade fcr
trie year V*CZ '.s jriverj, by the National Asso
ciation of W<>ol Slanufacturers In thetr annual
rer».rt. just it-EUHl: 'The estimates of the
b*it Informed dealers vary greatly as to the
quantity of v.-ool produced this year as com
] ared »:th the pre.-rdir.g one. Nearly all claim
a shortage of 3o.u0G.CO0 to 40.000,000 i*>unds.
while come estimate It. to be a much greater
sjnount. All agree that the wool? In general
are ligrhu-r, poorer crown and more uneven
than last year, owing to lack cf forage and
f*ver«? weather. These conditions are reflected
in our estimate of average weight of fleeces
and thrir.kage. The average weight for the
who!«- country show* a rr-duetion from 6.50
pounds in 1902 to 6.25 pounds in 19<tf. The
falling off is mewt noticeable in the territorial
fctate*. and it Influences ir fome degree the
Quantity produced In most of the States and
Territories. On the basis of 39.284.000 sheep,
the quantity of wool produced, not Including
puMed or"butchers' wool. Is 245.450,000 pounds.
it- igatnst 274.341.032 pounds Ian year— a dt
cretse cf SS.6U1.O32 pounds."
The Weather and Crops.
The weekly report of A. G. McAdie. section
director of the climate and crop service of the
Weather Bureau, is as follows:
GENERAL SUMMARY.
Th« wealiier continued clear and froety dur
ing the *-arly part of the week and was followed
bv cooler, cloudy •weather, with rain In all
parts of the State and fairly heavy snowfall In
th« mountain districts. High winds prevailed
In «oiae sections, but caused no damage.
Th« precipitation was the heaviest of the
•eason In all the southern districts, and will
rrcbably improve conditions to such an extent
that with the customary later rains fair crops
cf rra.ln and hay will be harvested. Plowing
and seeding will be resumed Immediately. The
eattla range* had become dry and barren, and.
while the rain may rive a start to pasturage.
mor« moisture will be needed to make feed
plentiful. In the central and northern portions
of the State r«ln wa* not fo badly needed, but
Its ocmins* will result In vastly Improved condi
tions of the soil. a« well as of grain, hay and
paeturatre. The early nown irraln Is in pood
rendition, but Its growth has b«en clow during
the cold weather, and the later sown has not
made e. satisfactory ehowlng for the wme rea
tna. Both would now be greatly benefited by
warm weather. The grain acreage In the Sac
ramento Valley Is reported considerably larger
than the* of la^t seaurn, and prospects are good
for heavy <~rcr>* cf wheat, oats and barley.
Work continue* In orchards and vineyards.
»nd deciduous fruit prc*r*»ct* are good in all
th« central ar.d northern sections. The tree
«ad vine acreage Is being Increased In many
place*. There are no reports of damage by
frost to oranges cr fruit tree*. Almonds are
In blocra at Belmor.t.
Sacramento Valley. — Clear, warm weather
prevailed at the beginning of the week, followed
by cooler, cloudy weather and rain, with heavy
«now In the ! mountain districts. Frosts oc
curred frequently but caused no damage.
The early rain will prove very beneficial to
hctb early end late sown grain. The noil In
most places ie saturated to a good depth and
Is Ioose on the mirface. Early grain continues
ta excellent condition, but Its growth Is slow,
oV.-ing to cold weather. The acreage Is report
ed considerably larger than last season's, and
prospects are bright for excellent crops. Green
feed was becomii* scarce In eorne places, but
the r«ln will *oon give it a new start. Hop
roots have withstood tbe cold very well and
are In good r-ond'.tlon. Deciduous fruit pros
pecu are excellent.
Coast and IJny Sections. — Clear. frosty
Tieaihtr continued in the flr«t part of the week
and vet followed by cloudy weather, plente
ous rainfall In the valley?" and heavy enow in
the mountain districts. The rain will be of
Immense benefit, particularly In the southern
districts, where much of tbe early 6own grain
was rotting' In the ground and green feed was
tcarce. In the central and northern sections
rain was nr.t ««a<!ly needed, but It will Improve
:he condition *>f grain, pasturage and orchards.
Crops are nuking *>low growth, and warm
weather would be beneficial In all sections.
Plowing, teed ing and orchard cultivating are
progressing. The development of fruit bud*
has beed checked by the cold weather.
San Joaquin VaJley. — The weather was clear
anil cold during th» fore part of the week and
clo-jfiy, with light rains, during the latter.
The rain w-sis badly r«-#*ded and will be ' very
be:i*flcial. It was light In most portions of tbe
valley, but much heavier In the foothills. More
rain and warm weather are badly needed for
prasp anS grain. Early sown grain looks well
*n the northern portion of the valley, but has
made tlow growth, owing to the cool weather.
Plowing and teedn g continue in the northern
portion, atie. sinre the rains, summer fallowing
is progrcKFliis In the central and iwuthern sec
tions. Pruning and (leaning orchards and
vineyard* Block are in poor condi
tion. <mins> i» -h« scarcity of feed.
Southern C»;ifornl*. — Clear weather contln-
OPd in The early part of the week, with fre
<juent tr-j**' la most places. HaJn commenced
fxlUr.r as the 4th and continued at Intervals
thfjuerh «no«t of the week. Light snow fell in
the i:cur.'.r.:n CittActa. Tue rainfall was the
heaviest of the season, amounting to over an
Inch In nearly all sections, and if followed
by favorable weather and later rains will
probably .Insure fair crops of grain and hay
in many places. Plowing and seeding will be
resumed at once. Pasturage will be improved
ty the rain, but more Is needed soon, as the
ranges were very dry and barren. Citrus fruits
are In fair condition.
Eureka Summary. — Cold, rainy weather the
greater portion of the week. Feed is abundant
and grain very promising. Stock in good con
dition. Deep snow in the mountains and some
low down 'on the foothill?.
Los Angeles Summary.— Steady, gentle rains
the latter part of the week put the ground in
good conditicm for farm work, and will start
grain and feed growing. Should seasonable
rains follow good crops will be made.
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAX FRANCISCO. Feb. 9—5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfall* to
date, as compared with thosp of same date last
season, arid rainfall in last twenty-four hours:
Last This Last
Stations — 24 hours, season, season.
Eureka 0.00 25.12 40.14
Red Bluff 0.00 14. Cs 17.51
fcacramento 0.00 5.4S 11.24
Han Francisco 0.00 7.05 11.38
Fresno 0.00 1.75 5.72
Independence 0.00 0.44 1.81
San Luis Obiepo 0.00 :i.H\ 11.85
Los Angeles O.00 l.«!l S.59
San Diego 0.00 1.31 K.S9
THE COAST RECORD".
5 55 55 =; j:» *
i 3= =f gf; I
station. ; ?2 53 =5 §■" 5
.■* *~ % r r 1 fcr
; c n : 3
; o ~j '. • '.
Farallon 3O.21 49 46 NW Cloudy .00
n&k'r SOUS 24 « «B Ooudy -.02
"ai.-=on J0.24 ;W 14 W Pt.Cldy Tr.
Kurf-ka rtO.r.! 4tt .14 SE Cloudy Tr.
Fresno .V0.2U 54 :J2 NW Clear .00
FlacstarT :{0.ia> 42 14 W Clear .10
Point Reyes... .TO. IS 49 40 NW Cloudy .00
Pocatello 30.44 24 18 SE Pt.Cldy .02
Independence ..";0.12 48 26 SE Clear .00
lx-s Angeles... 'SO. 10 62 40 SW (near ".00
Mt TaniaJpais.::o.2.! 44 32 S Pt.Cldy .00
North Head. . .2?».9O :W VA HE - Cloudy Tr.
Pho<*nlx .'lO.Gt}. «4 36 W Clear .CO
Portland 30.10 3S 30 SE Rain .01
Red Bluff :y>.24 4« 30 NW Cloudy .00
Roseburg 30.12 42 32 SE Cloudy ...
Sacramento -.30.22 52 3<$ NE Pt.Cldy .00
Salt Lake 307 40 2« 20 NW Clear .05
Pan Francisco.30.24 50 42 NW Cloudy .00
Ban L. Oblspo.W. 1 4 58 40 N Clear .00
San Diego :W.Of! 58 42 NW Clear .00
Seattle 30.0S 40 24 SE Cloudy .00
Spokane 30.38 2« 10 N Pt.Cldy .01
Tatoosb 2».S2 ."4 30 E Snow .05
Wlnnemucca .30.32 28 26 NE Cloudy .00
Walla Wa! la... 10.. 12 34 12 N Clear .02
Tuma 30.00 68 38 N Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Generally cloudy weather prevails over the
northern portion of the Pacific slope and fair
over the southern. Light rain has fallen along
the coast trom Eureka northward and light
snow over the Rocky Mountain region.
The pressure, has fallen rapidly during the
day along the coast from Point Conception
northward, and there appears to be a storm of
considerable energy approaching the northern
toast.
Tbe temperature changes have been slight In
all districts.
The following high winds are reported:
Tatoosh Island, 62 miles per hour, from- the
east, and North Head, 36 miles, from the
southeast.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. FeBruary .10:
Northern California — Cloudy Wednesday, with
rain In north portion; brisk southeast wind,
high en the northern coast.
Southern California — Fair Wednesday; light
southwest wind.
Nevada — Cloudy Wednesday.
San Francisco and vlcinlty-^-Claudy Wednes
day, with showers; brisk southeast wind
. G. II. WILLSON. Local Forecaster.
EASTERN MARKETS.
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK, Feb. 9.— The stock market
; went beyond the partial resistance to the de
pression which characterized It yesterday and
developed cositlve streneth to-day. In face cf
the continuance of depressing factors. The
lack of news of a favorable character to ac
count for the advance In prices drove observ
ers back to the conclusion that yesterday's
fall, comparatively cilght as it was consid
ered, was greater than was warranted by the
concurrence of the Baltimore fire with the
rupture between Rucsia and Japan. The violent
break of rtate fund* in foreigrn markets was
again accepted as a demonstration this morn-
Ing that there was a considerable element
abroad which had still clung to a slender
hope of nc-acc. even after the severance of
diplomatic relations, and whose hope was
blasted with the outbreak of active hostilities.
The effect on our market was scarcely percept
ible from the outset of the trading. The con
clusion has been reached apparently that no
harm to American Interests is to be feared,
directly or Indirectly, from the war. But a
more potent influence was a revulsion from
the fears caused by early extreme estimates
of the money loss from the Baltimore calamity.
The measures taken to postpone Baltimore's
settlements and .to extend credits promised
opportunities for arrangements to be made.
The share of Baltimore's reconstructive ex
penditure likely to flow Into the steel trade was
the explanation of the special demand for
United Statta Steel preferred, which carried It
nearly three points over last night, with a
noticeable effect on the whole market. The
stock market seemed equally Indifferent to
' the movements In the cotton market, thus
offering striking evidence of the change in
the terooer of speculation. The tone to the
moner market was firmer. There was a late
rumor of the placing of a $300,000,000 Russian
loan, and foreign money markets showed a
rising tendency. NevertheleE*. prices of the
leading active stocks here made gains of one
' to two points. _
Bonds were as free from pressure as stocks
and wer» disposed to advance. Total sales,
par value. *2.565,000.
United States bonds were unchanged on call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST,
fetocks — •■ Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchison 18.500 t»-H «7 6S«4
Atchisonpfd S9* S« SOjJ
Baltimore & Ohio.. 30.000 79% 78 7o£
Bait & Ohio I'fd .... .... 81
Canadian Pacific .. 5.100 ll««i 115 116%
Cheiap&Ohlo .... TOO 31% 31% ... $2%
Chi & Alton 300 30 . 38% 3$%
Ch & Alton pfd... 100 S4 ' 84 *4
Ch A G Western.. 1.300 15*4 1»« 15>£
rht & Northwestn.. 700 I«49i 102»4 1«4
Chi Mil & St Paul. 27.800 141% 139% 14!%
, Oil Mli & St P pfd 170
THE SAN FRANCISCO. CALL, WEDNESDAY. FEBRUARY 10. 1904.
Chi Term & Trans. 100 10 1Q 9%
Chi Term & T pfd. 1.700 21 20>4 21
C C C & St Louis -. 72 '
Colo Southern 900 16 15% 15%
Colo South 1st pfd. 53%
Colo South 2d pfd. 2,100 24?4 23% 24%
Del &. Hudson 1,400 160% 150% : . 160%
Del Lack & West.. 100 268V4 268% 270
Denver & Rio G... 400 20 19*i 21 H
Denver & R G pfd. 100 68 68 69
Erie 9,500 26H 25% 26
Erie 1st pfd ....... 3.200 64%. 63% 64%
Erie 2d pfd 1.200 44 43 439i
Hocking Valley ... 72*4
Hocking Val pfd .. 200. 82% 82 82%
Illinois Central .... '2,100-128** 127>i 127%
Iowa Central 18%
Iowa Central pfd 36
K C Southern 18>_
K C Southern pfd.. 600 34% 33»; 34%
Louis. & Nash 3.600 103% 102% 103
Manhattan L 1,700 141% 140% 141%
Metropolitan Secur. 100 85 85 85
Metropolitan St Ry. 1,000 117% 115% 117>i
Minn & St Louis 58
M St P & S Ste M. 400 59 5SK 69%
M StP & S StM pfd 100 119 1J9 110%
Missouri Pacific .. 15,400 89% 89 * 89 Va
Mo Kan & Texas.. 000 16% ' 1G% 16?*
Mo Kan & T pfd.. l.fcOO 37% 35% 37V4
NatRRofMexpfd 200 37 37 3G% i
N V Central 4,000 117V4 115% 117 '
Norfolk & West... 2,000 58% -50% 58%
Norfolk & W pfd.. .... .r.. ..„ 89
Northern Securities .... IK>*4
Ontario & West.... 4,500 2H4 20% 21%
Pennsylvania 91.000 114% 113»i 114%
Pitts c c & st L ■ :... .... 00 ■
Reading 19.500 42% 41% 42%
Readies 1st" pfd.r..' .. • - ■ •■■-• •' '79 1
Reading. 2d pfd 5«
Rock Island Co '16.100 22% f 21% 22%:
Kock Island Co pfd 1,800 62 - 60 .• 02
St L & S F 2d pfd. 1,200 45 43»i 45 . ,
St Louis-S W 1C0Y.J4 ':; 14 14".
I St Louis S'W pfd. 3.200 34. 31%'" 34
Southern Pacific . . 37.KOO '; .... ' - . . . 40% !
Southern Railway.. 4,ft00 2t . 20 21 i
Southern Ry pfd ..1.600 Sl>4 NOU 81»i '
Texas & Pacific ... 7.500 23' 22">. 22H I
Tol St L & We«.. .500 . 24% 2.5 24%
"Pol St L* W pfd. 200 3« 35 35 {4
Union Pacific 42.600 78V4 76% 78 •
Union Pacific pfd.. 7CK) f»0 DO 89%
Wabash-... ...... eoo 101-4 18V4 ■ 19',^
%% abash pfd 8,500 SGH. 34% 36»i '
W& Lake Erie.... «x> 15* J4^ ,5",
Wisconsin Central.. 500 1«% lSVi 18H
WIs Central pfd .. 300 42'^ 42> t ' 42H> t
Express Companies — ' ' .
I A <lanis •• "....' . ... 220 ! '
i American ".'.'.'.'. «'.'.'.". "" '100
I United States """ * inn
Wells-Fargo -. .... "" .V O y
Mlsctllar.eous — " "
Amal Copper 34.200 45T» 4.3*4 45^',
Amer Car & Foun eno ■ 20 • ' ]9 l!»v*
An.er C & F pfd . 200 6S . 67«6 «8>i
Amer Cotton Oil . 600 29 14 '29 29
Amtr- Cot-Oil pfd: 100 110 90' 8^ '
American Ice ,... 700 7«i 714 74:
Amer Ice n fd 100 31 2» ••• 29%
Amer LJn«eed Oil . • ' 10U
Am Lin Oil Dfd \ \ i>s 2
Amtr Locomotive. 1 : l,4(¥t 20% 20U "0\.
Amer Loco prd . . . 200 78 77 78
Amer Smell & Ref 2.3fJ0 4R14 47^ 4S»i'
Am S & R pfd ... 1,400 JK>U 90ii WOU
Anicr Sugur Ref.. 9l>0 124% 123 124%
Anaconda Mln Co. • 500 C8 tUi tif
Brooklyn Rapid Tr 30.400 41 U 3O«4 'if
Colo Fu»l & Iron . 40O 31 ?» ;to4*» Xlii
Consolidated Gas . 2,4ltO 1«9 186% 188'.S
Corn Protlucts 1.800 20 18Vi 1»4
: Corn Products pfd 70
I Dls Securities .... 2(»O 23 23 " 2.'J'n
I General Electric .. »iOO l«8 HJ314 l«7
I Int.-r Pajxr 300 11% m« 11%
I Inter Papor pfd . . . JOO tMli 64*<, 64
I Inter I'ump '. ..' 23
Inter Pump pfd .. ino 71'V 7l"'i 71 Vj
National LfacJ .TfX) 15 14% 15
I North American si""'
I Pacific Mall l,«00 29H '2SH 25%
PeoplP's Gas 1,800 09^ 97% !)S%
Pr*s.«ei C«r Steel. 400 29 29 29
i Pressed S C pfd ti!)
I Pullman Pal Car 210 1
; Rppuhli-:- Steel (>00 7"i Ti 7«i
Rep Steel pfd 30O 44^4 44 44U
Jtul.ber Goods .... •!•*• I'.i in jnijj
Rubber Goods pfd 10(1 7« 78 76»l-i
T<>nn Coal & Iron. 5.7(M) 37 ;jrt 371;
I," P Leather «'0n 7t; 71^ -,i;
U S leather pfd.. ICrt 75H 75^ 76VJ
IT S Realty I.Ofift 7*s, 7»i 714 I
U S R»alt> pfd ... 1.000 5a' 54t.i 54'>.
U S Rubber ., .".00 11« \n\C 11 U '
U S Rubhrr pfd .. ■ S'tO 4f» 40^ 4Si; !
r s etfe\ 13.000 i\*i io^ n&i :
T." S Steel pfd S!».20O 58% "u"^ 5-S«.i i
WestlnRhoiise Elec. 2.10O 1K3 iw' lfin:. 1
Western Union ... 200 87 '4 87 87>i j
Ttotal sales »Vt«.4OO . i
UNITKD RAILROADS OF RAN FRANCISCO
NEW YORK. Feb. 9.— Bend transactions of
the United Railroads of San Francisco — 10,000 I
at 7»U. 10.C00 at 79?».
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY.
Common, hid. 3&; asked. 3%. Preferred,
bid. 33%; asked. 34 V4-
NEW YORK BONDS. ,
U S ref 2s reg.104% Man con gold 4s. 103 U
Do coupon 104% Mex Cent 4s 66
Do 3s reg 106 Do 1st lnc 14
Do coupon 106 Minn & St L 4e. U7
Do new 4a reg. 132 >i M, K & Tex 4s.. 97U
Do coupon 132«.i Do 2ds 78
Do old 4s reg.. 107 NR of Mex con 4s 14
Do coupon 107 NYC gen 34s.. 98
Atch gen 4s 99^ N J C gen 5s... 131 U
Do adj 4s 88 Nor Pac 4s 103 '
Atlantic C L 4s. 02% Do 3s ... 71
Bal & Ohio 4s...lOU 4 Nor & W con 4s. 97 >1
I>o 3Hs 9314 OSL 4s & parlc. 91%
Central of Ga 5s.lO4^ Pa conv 3>-i8 IMU
Do 1st lnc 09H Reading gen 4s. 96
Ches & Ohio 4^s.lO34 SL & I M con 5s 112U
Chi & Alton 3ViK. 75% S L. & S F fg 4s. 81 H
C. B & Q new 4s. 01% St IxjuIs SW lsts. 93 Vi
C.M & StPgn 4s.lO8 Seaboard A L 4s. 65
C & NW con 7s.l29»; So Pac 4s 80U
C. R I &. Pac 4s. C9% So Railway 5s...ll24
Do col 5s 81 Tex & Pac lats..H5ti
C.C.C & StLgn 4s 97Vi T. St L & W 4s.. 70
Chi Term 4s 78 U Union Pac 4s... -.102%
Cons Tobacco 4s. 54 I ,J Do conv 4s JWx
Colo & So 4s.... 85 U S Steel 2d 5s 73%
Den & Rio G 4s. 98 Wabash lsts 115»4
Erie prior Hen 4s. 97% Do deb B C2>4
Do gen 4s 85^ W & L Erie 4s.. 89
F W & D C lstfl.lO.'Hi WIs Cent 4s Rj)
Hocking Val 44*.1O5 C F & I conv 5s. 75
L & N unified 4s. 08 V,
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 10j Little Chief...... 07
Alice 16. Ontario 450
Breece 10 Ophlr •. . 3 »:o
Bruns Con 05 Phoenix 09
Com Tunnel 07 Potosl ]<)
Con Cal & Va... 1 50 Savage ' .40
Horn Silver 1 20 Sierra Nev ' 0°
Iron Silver 1 25| Small Hopes "0
Leadville Con C2i Standard 245
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Money — Waptlng Com... . 77
Call loans 3V.IS4H Mining-
Time loans. 441354 Adventure 2 l ,i
Bonds — _ ■ Allouez 4 #
Atchlpon 4s ..... 07% Amal Copper .... 45U
Mex Cent 4s C4V» Blngham .. .. 2014
Railroads — Calumet & Hecla.440
Atchlson 68 Centennial 15V1
Do pfd 8»4 Copper Range 40U
Boston & AIbany.24.">4 Daly West .... 341?
Boston & Malne.108 Dom Coal 5s i;
Boston Elev 137 Franklin a
NY N H & H..l»4 Iale Royale 7«
Fitehburg pfd 135 Mohawk 341,*
Union Pacific ... 7S Old Dom 914
Mex Central 104 Osceola tin
Miscellaneous— Parrot 22 *4
Amer Sugar 123% Qulncy $s
Do pfd 124 Santa Fe Copper. 1%
Amer Tel *: Tel.. 124 Tamarack 100
Dom I & S 84 Trinity 4%
Gen Electric 167 United States .... 201/.
Mass Elect ..... 204 Utah 31*/
Do pM 77 Victoria . . 3
United Fruit 96 Wlnona 5
"V S Steel 11% Wolverine R9U
Do pfd 58V4 '
London Closing Stocks.
Cons for money86 7-16 N Y Central 120
Do for acct.8^9-16 Nor & Western.. 59%
Anaconda 3V4 Do Dfd... no'
Atchlson ral 4 Ont & Western.. 21%
Do pfd 9HJ Pennsylvania 58%
Bal & Ohio...... 8UJ Rand Mines 8Ti
Can Pacific 119V, Reading 21"te
Che* ft Ohio... 31\L ,Do 1st pfd 40
Chi Great West... 15»4 Do 2d pfd...... 29U
Chi. Mil & St P.144U So Railway 21
De Beers 194 Do pfd 82U
Den & Rio G. .. 204 So Pacific... \. 47%
Do Pfd Wi Union Pacific .. 79%
Erie 26 1 *; Do nfd. ........ 92TJ
Do 1st rfd..... 65% US Steel 1 1 Vi
Do 2d rfd...... 44 Do pfd ...-. K84
HI Central 1314 Wabash ....- 19%
Louis & Nash..,10fl > Do pfd ...,8T
M. K & Tex 16 1 *
Bar silver — Firm. 26\Jd.per ounce.' /
Money— 2@24 per cent.
The rate of discount In the open market 7 for
short bills Is .".ffS^ per cent and for three
months' bills 3%®3*i per cent. ■
Nczv York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. Feb. It.— The cotton market
opened firm. 10633 points ' higher, on mod
erate bull support and "covering, following
firmer cables than expected and apprehension
that the Census Bureau • report would ■ • not
prove as bnlllsh a.« predicted. By • the middle
of the forenoon the active months were 43 : to
63 points net higher. March selling at 13.90c:
May. 14.35c. and. July at: 14.33c. When tho
Census Bureau report was read, ' showing that
0.«30.277 bale* had been ginned to January . Hi,
prices broke and inside "of a few minutes, had
lost nearly a centfa pound; counting from the
best of the morning, and net 25 to «5 J points,
March selllne: at 12.3Oc: May," 13.20c, : and
July. 13.80c. The close was steady In tone.
but the net decline was a matter of 25 to 02
points. Sales were estimated at 900.000 balea.
The decline, now amounts to practically 4%c
a pound since the high point of last .week,
to-day's fall having carried prices about 2
points lower than the previous low point of
the downward movement. ,
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK, Feb. 0. — FLOUR — Receipts,
19.200 barrels; exoorts, 18,000 barrels; firmly
held at old prices. '
WHEAT— Receipts, 1900 bushels. Spot,. firm;
No 2 red 97c elevator and 08c f. o. b. afloat.
Options ruled strong and fairly active pretty
much all day. Last prices were l'4®2c net
higher July leading on the unfavorable talk.
May. 06»ic: July, 91%c; September, 84%c.
HOPS— Firm.
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— Firm.
PETROLEUM— Steady. :
COFFEE— Spot Rio. nominal; No. • Invoice.
7c, mild, steady; Cordova, 8Vi@13c. Futures
opened steady at an advance of 10 to 40
points, ruled steady and closed at a net gain
of 10 to 20 points. Sales, 200,000 bass. In
cluding: March, 5.70@5.uOc; May. 5.00<gt>.10c;
July, 6.25@«.40c; September, 6.50@6.80c; De
cember. 6.fs5@7.10c. '
SUGAR— Raw, firm; fair rtflnlng, 2 27-32c;
molasses sugar, 2 9-32c; refined, steady.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES — The market is
steady. Common are quoted at 4@5c; prime,
5Mi®5t;c; choice, 5'ifffCc: fancy, e%@7c; ,
PRUNES are steady, under a jobbing de
mand, with prices remaining firm., from ;3>£
to fie, according to grade.
APRICOTS are in light supply and firm.
Choice are quoted at 9%©10c; exti^i choice,
lOU^lO^c; fancy, 12@15c. . - '
PEACHES seem to be attracting a little
better trade, and ruled ; steady. Choice are
quoted at ~Vi@7?ic:" extra choice, 10>4@107ic;
fancy, U@10c.
Nciv York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, i Feb. 9.— Tin ■ was lower In
London to-day, spot declining 17s 6d to £124
12s 6d. while -futures . were 15s lower at £124
15s. Locally tin was quiet, with spot quoted
at ?27 75<f?2S. ' .■ ••-.-■
. Copper declined 2s 6d to £55 7s 6d for spot
and. £55 2s ,6d for futures in the- English
market. I but remained quiet and unchanged
here at lU.23ffl2.uOc for lake, 12.124@12.374c
for electrolytic. and 12(gl2. 25c for casting.
Lead was .steady- here at 4.40<$4.5Oc. while
In London it advanced 6s 3d to£ll 12s 6d.
' Spelter remained unchanged in both mar
kets, closing here at 4.90@5c. and at £21 17s 6d
la London. • ..."
Iron closed at 50s 3d in Glasgow and at 42s
9d In Middlesboro. Locally Iron was;unchanged.
No.: 1 foundry, Northern, Is quoted at $15®
16: No. 2 foundry. Northern, at S141/-1.'; No.
1 foundry. Southern, and No. 1. foundry. South
ern, 80ft, at $13 75@14 25....
Available Grain Supply.
NEW YORK, Feb. . 9.— Special cable
and telegraphic communications received by.
Bradstreet show thefollowlng changes An avail
able supplies as compared with the last re
port: . '■ • .' . '
WHEAT — United States and Canada. . east
<>f the Kockles, Increase 105,000 bushels; afloat
for and in Europe. Increase 2,500,000- bushels;
total supply. Increase 2,6o5,»>OO bushels.
CORN — United States and Canada, east of
th* Rockies. Increase 1,357.000 bushels.,
O*ATS — United States and Canada, east of
the Rockies, decrease 412,000 bushels.
Chicago Board of Trade.
Future Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO. Feb. 0. — The active speculative
demand which caused the sensational demand
in May pork came largely from shorts, who
had become alarmed at the seriousness of the
war situation. Commission houses, however,
were also heavy purchasers, several prominent
houses taking, 'On lines of. from 2500 to 5000
barrels. r&ck«-rs reported an improved demand
for meats for foreign shipment. Higher 'prices
for live hogs at the yard* caused a firm open-
Ing in provisions". May pork being up 24c to
• 4c at $13 7o«?13 724- May lard was 5@74c
higher at $7 574©". 60, while ribs were 24c
higher at $6 85. On the placing of a large or
der for May )»rk by a prominent commission
house shorts staried to cover. Offerings were
extremely bmall, however, and in efforts to
supply their needs the price was forced rapidly
upward until It had touched $14 90. There
was some profit- taking at that figure, and a
reaction followed, but the close was at $14 70,
a net gain of .$1 024' for the day. May lard
closed 25<ff274c higher at $7 774*?7 SO, after
selling between $7 60 and $7 80. Ribs were up
30c at $7 12'/i. after ranging between ?6 8.*»
and $7 1'2'i. One feature of the sudden and
terteational a-.Iyanco In prices in May pork is
Frnall Ktocka of? barreled pork, which rendered
the market nervous and exceedingly suscepti
ble. There are only 20.000 barrels or pork In
Chicago. It -Aii.-! all sold here to-day, and
probably 35, COO barrels mow were disposed of
In the pit.
Opening of hostilities in the Far East had a
buoyant influence on wheat from the start.
Initial vales of May were Ut- to ?sc higher at
91 VsC to 94%c. with July at 84%®S4%c. Trad
ing was quiet in the early part of the session
and the i volume of business was much smaller
thfiji for some time paat. The quietness, how-,
ever, was due more to scarcity of offerings than
to* any lack of disposition to buy.
Commission houses had buying o«tler« iand
the denl.ind from this source gradually forced
prices upward. The market became more act
ive later In the day and prices showed further
advances. An Improved foreign demand was
reported from the seaboard. The late market
wa* decidedly strong. After selling at 954c
May closed liftl^c higher than yesterday at
(P5QQ51&& Final figures on July were -at the
top at N6%c, a net gain for the day of 2140.
The feature In trading In corn was the act
ive demand from the principal bull leaders,
who wtrc heavy sellers yesterday. May corn
ranged between 52!ic and 54%@544c, closing
at the top. y
Oats afeo made a good advance In price, al
though the volume of trade was not large and
without significance. Closing prices were
strong and at the high point.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2 — ' ,
May 94*i 9514 9*4 B5*4
July 84T» P8 7 ,i S4?4 86 7 i
September 80V4 81^ 80 81%
; Corn No. 2 —
February ■ 504
May 53?i 544 52T4 544
July 61 Vi 524 50% 824
Oats No. 2 — ••
September 334 33% XI4 33%
February . — .... 41 '
May 42% 434 424 434
July -MV* 39»4 384 S9M,
Mess Pork, pcr bbl. —
May 13 70 14 90 13 70 14 70
Lard, per 100 lbs.—
May. 7 674 7 W) 7 574 " SO
July... 7 65 7 874 7 65 7 874
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs.—
May :..«85 7 124 6 85 7 124
July.. 7 024 7 25 7 024 7 224
Cash and Grain Provisions.
CHICAGO. Feb. 9. — Cash quotations were as
follows: Flour.- firm; No. 2 spring wheat,
88&IK5C;' No. :;, S0f£02c; No. 2 red. O3»£@O7M,c;
No 2 corn, SOc: No. 2 yellow, 50c: No. 2 oats,
41<iJ!41%c; No. 3 white, 30Vi©43c; No. 2 rye,
00c; good feeding barley, 38<&40c: fair to choice
malting, 47iS5.Sc: No. 1 flaxseed. $1 10; No. 1
Northwestern, $1 17; prime tlmothy-se?d, ?3 10;
mess pork, per bbl.. $14 50(ffl4 62%: lard, per
100 lbs., 57 55*37 60; short ribs sides (loos?),
$U 7507:] short clear sides ' (boxed), " $0 75<8)
i 0 87^;- whisky, basis of high wines, $1 27;
I clover, contract grade, $11.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 2?» 400 3 °. 1°<>
Wheat, boshels ■- 34,100 . 61.400
Corn, bushels 349.100 213.000
[Oats, bushels. 437.800 108.200
! Rye. bushels 20,200 !>,000
Barley, bushels : 152.300 17.700
Butter. Cheese and 'Egg's:
CHICAGO, Feb. 9. — On the Produce Ex
change to-dav tr-e butter market was firm:
creamery, 15©;24c; dairy. 13%&20c; eggs, firm,
28®31c; cheese, steady, 9%@10%c.
Livestock Market.
_____ 1
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO. Feb. 9.— CATTLE — Receipts,
4C00. Steady. Good to prime steers, $5@5 70;
poor to medium. %i 25®4 00; stockers and.feed
ers. $2 50<S4 10; cows. $1 50@4 25; heifers, $2®
4 50; canners, $1 50@2 50; bulls. $2 25@4 10;
calves. »3 50@7 25. , ■ n
HOGS— Receipts ; To-day. 23,000; to-morrow,
35.000. Stronger. Mixed and butchers, $4 05@
5 25; good to choice heavy, $5 10@3 30; rough
heavy. $4 »0ip5 05; light. $4 55@5 12%; bulk
of sales. $4 95<35' 15.
SHEEP— Receipts, 18,000. Sheep and lambs
steady. Good to choice wethers, $4 @4 50* fair
to choice mixed, $3 75® 4: Western sheep. $.J 75
<B5 75; native lambs, $4 25@6; Western lambs,
_$5 25<S6 15.
Miscellaneous Markets.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
■ WJicat — ' March. May.
Opening......;. .........HSU 6 4%
Closing •• •» «>U 6 4%
. PARIS.
Wheat— v ■ .- : .- f .i <"."-: Feb. May- Aug.
Opening .....'• •'• 2} 65 21.65
Closing 21 50 21 65
..: Flour — . i . '■ ,
Opening V. 29 80 29 G5
Closing,., .....■■.-:••••••••• 29 70 ,^29 ;»;.:
Boston ■ Wool Market: S
-BOSTON, Feb. 0.— There Is a steady busi
ness In the wool market, with values strongly
maintained. The trouble in the Far East has
checked any tendency toward extensive buying.
Territory .wools are In demand, with fine
grades lm*moderate supply. In the market for
pulled wools a firm tone Is noted.
QUOTATIONS.
Territory— Idaho '.fine. 15@16c; heavy fine.
13©14c; flne-medlum, 16@17c; medium. 17%®
20c; Wyoming fine, • 15<g>16c; heavy fine. 130
14c: fine-medium, 16@17c; medium, 18@19c:
Utah and Nevada fine. 15@lCc; heavy fine. 13@
14e; fine-medium, 16@17c: medium. 10@20c;
Montana fine, chplce, 19©20c: fine-medium,
choice, 19@2Oc; average. 18@19c; staple, 19®
20c; medium, choice, 19@20c.
St. Louis Wool Market.
ST. LOUIS. Feb. 9. — "WOOL — Steady. Me
dium grades, combing and clothing. 17@21c:
light fine. 15@17%c; heavy fine, 12@14c; tub
washed, 20@30%c.
Northern Business.
SEATTLE, Feb. 9.— Clearings, $732,972; bal
ance^ $125 942. ■■ ' ' :
TACOMA, Feb. 9.— Clearings, $318,799; bal
ances. $34,610.
PORTLAND, Feb. 9.— Clearings, $478,903;
balances, f 102. 1S9. „*„«..„
SPOKANE, Feb. 9.— Clearings. $306,033;
balances, $01,294.
Northern Wheat Market.
. OREGON*.
PORTLAND. Or.. Feb. 9.— WHEAT— Walla
Walla, 75c; bluesttm. 80@Slc; valley, 79@S0c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Feb. 9.— WHEAT— Bluestem, 80c;
club, 75c.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Silver advanced %c. Exchange rates re
mained about as before.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days — $4 83%
Sterling Exchange, sight... — * 86V»
Sterling Exchange, cables. ...*.... — 4 874
New York Exchange, sight — 12Vi
New York Exchange," telegraphic. — ; 15
Silver; per ounce — 56%
Mexican Dollars, nominal 44 @ 45
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— For the usual Euro
pean options, - 12s 6d continues the nominal j
.rate, though spot charters are few and far be- i
,twecn.. The chartered wheat fleet in port has |
a registered tonnage of 4510, against 24,390
tons on the same date last year; disengaged.
S3, 400 tons, against "72.175 ; on the way to this
port, Ui7,7UO to.ns, against 199.100.
" WHEAT — The foreign markets showed no
' particular change. Bradstreefs gave the i
world's visible supply an increase. of 2.605.00O
bushels. -
Chicago advanced from 94c to 05!»c, with
good local buying and the sentiment bullish. 1
'Active beginning, of hostilities' jbetween Russia |
.and Japan- was the principal stimulant. The
Minneapolis: mills were again running, and
Duluth reported London and Liverpool bidding
hlKhcr on that market.
In this market futures were again higher,
but the cash situation showed no change what- ,
ever. ' ' ' ■ :
- ' CASH WHEAT. i
California Club. $1 374(@1 424: 'California
White Australian $1 4501 50; Northern Club.
$1 ?.8%ei 4l>i: Northern Bluestem. $1 474®
1 50; Oregon Valley, $1 40.
FUTURES.
Session ;9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Cloje. ''
May $1 404 $1 404 Jl -toii $1 40*4
2 J, m, Session.
Open. High. Low. Close.
! May ;.$1 404 *1 404 $1 404 *1 404
! ' BARLEY — Futures were considerably higher ,
j than yesterday and the cash grain advanced'
j in sympathy, with -sales of F«fd at $1 124-
Holders were very firm, there were more buy-
I ers In the market, ana the feeling was better
I than for some little time back.
J CASH BARLEY.
Feed, $1 HXai 124; Shipping and Brew
; ing, $1 lS'/il 174; Chevalier, $1 174@l 40 for
fair to choice. "
FUTURES.
Session 0 to 11:30 a. m.
' Open. High. Low. Close.
May $1 P7'4 ?1 00 »1 07% fl 08%
December ... 1 054 1 Oli' 1 054 1 06
2 p. m. Session.
! Open. High. Low. Close.
: May $1 OS% ?1 OS% $1 OS<% $1 08!,
! December ... 1 06 1 0« 1 liO . >1 00 ;
; OATS — Though quotations are not actually '
! higher, the market is very firmly held and j
; buyers have to pay full figures. Offerings are
j not large, and rumors that Japan Is making '
j inquiries for supply In Oregon and Washing
ton give strength to an already very steady i
j market. ;
i White $1 274®1 374; Black. $1 25@1 55;
f Red y $l"25®l 324 for feed and $1 30@I 35 for
! seed; Grays. $1 324 Per ctl.
| CORN — The firmness which has been increas-
I ing for some time past has at last culminated
I In another advance, as will be seen by the
j quotations, and the market is very firm. Feed-
I'lng In the southern part of the State has been
; almost discontinued since the rain, as green
feed Is 'expected from now on. Receipts here
I ronf}nu» almost exclusively confined to Wesl
• ern descriptions.
! Western sacked, $1 35 for Yellow, $1 35 for
i- White and $1 32 Vi 'or Mixed; California large
Yellow $1 40; small round do. $1 50: White.
$1 374 per ctl; Egyptian, $1 45®1 55 for white
and $1 25. for brown.
RYE— Firmly held, but unchanged at $1 304?
1 324 Per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $1 75(92 per ctl.
Flour and Millstuifs l
The local millers report a moderate demand
for almost everything, and prices rule firm In
sympathy with the raw grain. v
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $4 60©
4 85 usual terms; Bakers* Extras. $4 50@4 60;
Oreg'on and Washington. $3 00ti4 20 per bbl for
Family and $3 90®4 40 for Bakers'.
MIL.LSTUFFS — Prices in packages are as
follows: Graham Flour. $3 25 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour $3 25; Rye Meal. $3; Rice Flour.
$""; Corn Meal. $'! 25; extra cream do. $4; O«t
Groats $4 50: Hominy. $4©4 25; Buckwheat
Flour $4 50<i?4 75; Cracked Wheat. $3 75; Fa
rina. $1 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled
Oats bbls. $7 2508 60; In sacks. $6 75®8 10;
Pearl Barley $6; Split Peas, boxes. $7; Green
Peas $5 50 per 100 lbs. /
Ha\ and Feeds tuffs.
There was a rumor floating about the market
yesterday that Japan was making Inquiries as
to Hay purchases in this market, but there
was nothing definite about it. The disposition
was to pay as little about it as possible, for
some reason or other. If there Is anything in
It. It will probably develop In a day or so.
The market rules firm at the. high prices,
with a good consumptive demand, and 100 toris
Is taken out of the receipts every day to fill
the Government purchase of 3750 tons for Ma
nila, frequently nwntloned during the last few
weeks. .
There wtre heavy arrivals of 14,664 sacks of
Bran from Oregon, but as the great bulk of
the line had been sold prior, to arrival It does
not come . directly on the market, which con
tinues steady. -
BRAN— $21®22 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $27 50029 pcr ton.
SHORTS— $21®22 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $23 50024 50
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $29 50031;
Jobbing $32: Coooanut Cake, $21©22: Corn
Meal $28 50©29 50: Cracked Corn. $29©30;
Mixed Feed $21 50®22 50: Horse Beans. $30®
40 per ton: Broom Corn Feed. 90c per ctl.
HAY— Wheat $15618; Wheat and Oat. $14®
17- Oat $14@17; Wild Oat. $14@16; Barley.
$12014 50; Stock, nominal— none here; Alfalfa.
$12*113 50 per ton.
STRAW— 50@75c per bale. •
Beans and Seeds.
There is no further change In Beans. Pinks
are firm and well held, Llmas are steady, and
Large Whites arc weak, . with a tendency to
ward lower prices. Seeds remain as previously
quoted. '
BEANS— Bayos. $2 25tfr2 50; Pea. $3: But
ters $3 50; small White. $2 75<g3; large White,
$2 15S2 40: Pink. $3@3 10; Red. $4 25@4 50;
Lima $3 2503 30: ReU Kidneys. $4 25@4 50;
Black'eye.' $2 15<&2 25 per ctl; Horse Beans.
J2©2 50 ■ . . ;
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $3 50; Yellow Mus
tard ■ $2 65(ff2 80; Flax. $1 8001 90: Canary,
5«5Uc for Eastern: Alfalfa. 14@14«ic;. Rape.
Hift2c- Timothy. 6©6%c; Hemp. 3V4®3%c per
lb* Millet. 3@3%c: Broom Corn Seed. $20@21
P *DR1ED PEAS— Blackeye. $2 25@2 50 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Trade In Burbank Potatoes was quiet and
the market had an easier tone, as Jobbers were
well supplied and buyers were holding off In
anticipation of lower prices. The market, how
ever was otlll controlled ! by speculators and,
desu'lte- the light demand, there was no dis
position on their part to force sales and pre
vious prices "' were asked .for; all descriptions.
The steamer which was due from Oregon yes
terday was delayed and is net expected before,
to-morrow. River Reds were in good request
for export, and, as stocks were somewhat light,
prices had a sharp advance. ■ It Is estimated
that fully 20,000 sacks of that description . havs
been shipped to Manila during the last two
months. Dealers reported a fair demand for
Early Rose and Garnet Chiles for seed, and
prices ' cf both were firmer. Sweets were ' In
clined to easiness and a freshly arrived carload
was offered at a decline.' Onicns were well
cleaned out of first hands and ruled firm at 2c
per pound." '■ .
As UHual < on, Tuesday, receipts - of Los An
geles vegetables were very light and offerings
consisted largely of carrled-over stock. Peas.
Beans and Egg Plant were Jn limited supply
and ruled firm, while Tomatoes and Sumoier
Squash were plentiful and rather weak. There
were no Green Peppers or Wax Beans received.
Two boxes of Asparagus came in from tne
river and sold at 40c per pound. Rhubarb was
more plentiful and price* were shaded. Tne
Rhubarb growers across the bay have formed
an association and have decided to market
their crop* • without the assistance of &f«"»
or commission merchants. The crop will De
packed and graded under one brand and sola
f. o. b. San Leardro. .. ._.
POTATOES— Burbanks from the river 9oc@
$1 10 per ctl; Salinas and Lompoc Burbanks.
$1 40@l CO per ctl; Oregon Burbanks $1 10P
1 30 per ctl; Petaluma Burbanks. $105 PerctK
River Reds, $1^1 10 per ctl; Garnet Chiles. 90e<p
$105 per ctl; Early Rose, 90c6?l 05 per ctl;
Sweot Potatoes. $2@2 10 per ctl.
ONIONS— Yellow, $2 per ctl; Green Onions.
50673c per box. , K .
VEGETABLES— Green Peas 5@7c per ■id.
String Beans. 12U@lTfcc per lb: Wax. —— .
Tomatoes from Los Angeles. 75c©$l 25 per box
or crate; Rhubarb. »@9c per lb; Summer-
Squash from Los Angeles. $1©1 25 per box.
Cabbage $1 10 per ctl: Carrots. 50c per sack.
Hothouse Cucumbers. 60c@$l per do * en _JSI
small and $1 25@1 50 for large: Garlic. 5®«c
per lb; Egg Plant, 20c per lb: Dried PePP*J*:
6@8c per lb for Stockton and 10®12%c ror
southern; Dried Okra 12^c per lb; Green Pep
pers, p * r lb: Mushroom*. 4O@5Oc per lb.
Marrowfat and Hubbard Squash. $10«gl5 P er
ton for round lots and Ji®?*c per lb for
sacked.
Poultry and Game.
No more Western Poultry came In and as
the receipts of domestic stock were moderate
the market rule"d firm under a good demand
and nearly everything in the chicken line was
quoted higher. Fine large young stock, par
ticularly young Roosters, were in demand
among the Chinese fcr the approaching noii
days. Western was selling to arrive, and a
car which falls due to-day has been practically
sold out. A few case* of dressed Turkeys came
in and sold at fair prices. . .
There was not much doing In Gam* and
prices had but slight quotable variance.
POULTRY— Dreeeed Turkeys, 18S21c per lb;
live Turkeys 15@17c per lb; Geese, per pair.
$2@2 25; Goslings, $2<i?2 25: Ducks. $5 50@6
per dozen for old and $6S7 for young; Hens.
& 5O@7 for large and $5 60@6 for small: young
Roosters. $0 50<37 50; old Roosters, $j®5 50.
Fryers. $5 50®6; Broilers. $4 50@5 for large
and $4®4 50 for small: Pigeons. $1 25 per
dozen for old and $2 2362 DO for Squabs.
GAME— Mallard Ducks. $3®4 50 per dozen.
Canvasoack. $:{@5; Sprig. $2@2 50: Teal. $1 50«
2; Widgeon, $1 50@2; small Ducks. $iei -;>:
Gray Geese $3; White Geese. $101 -5;
Brant, $1 25* for small and $2 50 for large;
Honkers. $4 50 for large and $3 60 *or •ma".
EnglUh Snipe. $3; common Snipe. $1 50; Wild
Doves. $1: Rabbits. $2 for Cottontails and
$1 25 for Brush; Hare. $1 25.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Receipts of Butter were considerably larger
vesterdny. being 503 boxes, and the market
was slightly lower again and quiet. There was
a demand for shipment to Interior points,
however, which has not heretofore existed,
and the decline In prices has made this out
ward movement possible. Dealers say that
they could do considerable shipping If tne
market were a cent or two lower.
There was a shipping demand for E«gs, too,
the north being In the market for "ore or
ranch, according to price, the orders being
filled at 24®25c. This tended to neutralize the
unfavorable effect of the very heavy receipts
of 1343 cases, which Is about 200 cases more
than the previous high record this season.
The higher priced ranch trere not as active as
the lower grades, as they were not taken for
shipment, and they were quoted somewhat
The depression In Cheese still continues and
the market is still overstocked. Exporters say
that the Russian-Japanese war will probably
not affect the Oriental demand for Cheese on*
way or the other.
Receipts were 50.300 lbs Butter. 134o cases
Eggs !».nd 2100 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery. 27c for firsts. 28©29e
for extias and 25igC6c for seconds: dairy, 18©
22c; store Butter, nominal; cold storage, -ltfy
22c for extras. 17@20c for seconds and 16®lbc
for ladle-packed.
CHKESE — 104@114c for good to choice new
and SftlOc for lower grades; Young Americas.
Iiei2c; Eastern, 15@16c; Western, 14@15c per
pound. '
KGGS— Ranch. 25«j2«c fcr choice to fancy
and 24&2T.C for small and mixed colors; store.
24{[25c per dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
The low prices of Oranges seemed to stimu
late the demand for that fruit nnd trade was
more active yesterday than for some weeks.
The demand was confined chiefly to the large
sizes of Navels, particularly 90s and 112s, and
turn offerincs of extra fancy fruit were firmly
held. There was the usual pressure to sell
small nnd medium sized fruit, but there was
very little doing '.n that line of goods. Tan
gerines were steady and the large sizes of
Grape Fruit were firm at the maximum quota
tion. Mexican Limes were firmer, as stocks
were closely cleaned up and there were very
few on the way to this market. Ten cars of
Oranges are announced for to-day's aucttan.
There was no rhange In Apples or Pears.
APPLES — $1 75(&2 pcr box for extra fancy:
$1 25@1 50 for ordinary fancy, 85c®|l for
choice and 5O@75c for common.
PEARS — Winter Nellls from cold storage.
51 75Q2 per box.
CITRUS FRUITS — Navel Oranges, $1 25£2 25
per box for fancy, 75c«$l 50 for choice and 50c
ffl 25 tnr standards; Seedlings. 50ci6$l: Tan
gerines. $H31 50 per box; Lemons, $1 75©2 50 for
fancy. $1 2561 50 for choice and 75c©$l for
standard: Grape Fruit, $1 50@2 50: Mexican
Limes $5fe6; Bananas. *1©2 per bunch for
Hawaiian and $2(p2 50 for Central American:
Pineapples, $1 50<32 per dozen for Central
American and »3@5 for Hawaiian.
Dried Fruits,Nuts,Raisins,Honcy.
The market, after a long season of stagna
tion, ts at last showing some change. Brokers
report a better 'feeling and an Improvlhg de
mand. Peaches I*ad, and are now selling very
well, though 1 quotations are not higher. Apri
cots and Pears are firm, and the latter are
practically cleaned up. Apples are quiet. There
is nothing new In Prunes and Raisins, both
being quiet. While there are still a good many
Kaislns here, they are mostly in Association
hands, as th» outside stock Is pretty well
cleaned up. There Is nothing new In Nuts
and Honey, both meeting with a slow Inquiry.
FRUIT — Apricots. "VifW»c for Royals and 9
®llc for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples. 4@
5%c: i>un-dri*«d. ".JtHc; Peaches, ."fiti'ic; Pears,
6#10c; Nectarines. 4®5V4c; Figs, white, 4@4^c
In boxes; black. 4 Vic; Plums, pitted, 0<&Oc per
jx>und.
PRUNES— 1!W3 crop. 2%@2*;e for the four
sizes.
RAISINS — The Association announces the
following new prices for 1904 : Standard grades,
5O-lb cases — 2-crawn Loose Muscatels. 5V,c per
lb; ;1-crown, r.^c: 4-crown. «V4c: Seedless Loose
Muscatels. 4%r; Seedless floated. 4^c; 2-crown
Malaga locse. 5c; 3-crown Malaga loose. 5?»c:
Seedless Sultanas, unbleached, 4 V 3 c; Seedless
Thompsons, unbleached. 5H r - Layer3, per 20
lb box— <J-crown Imperial clusters. $3; 5-crown
Dehesa clusters. $2 50; 4-crown fancy clusters.
$2; 3-crown London Layers. SI 35; 2-crown
London Layers. $1 25. 'usual advance for frac
tional boxes and layers. Seeded— Fancy ltt-ox
cactons, per lb, 7%c; fancy 12-os cartons, per
package. 6*ic; fancy bulk cartons, per lb. 7^c;
choice lti-nz cartons, per lb. 7 He: choice I2-oa
cartons, per package, 6&c; choice bulk car
tons, per lb. 7Uc: ltt-oz cartons, seeded Seed
ling?, Muscatels, per lb. 7c: 12-oz cartons,
seeded Seedlings. MuscateU. per lb. 6*4c; bulk,
seeded Seedlings. Muscatels, per Ib C»4c.
NUTS— Walnuts.-: No. 1 softshell. 13Vi<314c;
No. 2. 11Vj«12c; No. 1 hardshell, 13®13^c;
No 2 lltfx'llV-e: Almonds, lie for Nonpareils.
104c for I X L. 10?4c for Ne Plus Ultra and
S'Jic for Languedoc: Peanuts, 6<a7c for Eastern;
Pecans, ll©13c; Cocoanuts. $4 50® 5; Chest
nuts. 5i67c per Ib.
HONEY — Comb, 1O011&C for white and SVi©
9%e for amber: water white extracted. 5©
5Vic; light amber extracted. 4fi©4?ic; dark,
3%<?i4c.
BEESWAX— 27«J29c per lb.
Provisions.
Chicago was higher on the day. Wires to
Mitchell. Mulcahy & Co. said that the war
news was bringing in a lot of buying orders
from the outside and that the packers were
also picking up stuff. Foreigners were -good
buyers of Lard and Ribs. The market Is ex
tremely active and the outsiders control the
situation.
This market remains as before quoted. -Lard
Is firm at the advance. Hams and Bacon \are
steady enough/ in price, but stocks are liberal
and buying is slow. There Is nothing new In
barreled Beef ana Pork.
CURED MEATS — Bacon. 10%c per lb for
heavy, ll%c for light medium. 13%c for light,
14c for extra light and 16c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 13%c; California
Hams, 12%©13c; Mess Beef. $11 50 per bbl;
extra Mess. $12012.50: Family. $13; prime-
Meas Pork. ■ $l«: extra clear. $24; , Mess. $13:
Dry Salted Pork, lie: Pig -Pork, $27; Pigs'
Feet. $3 25: Smoked Beef. 15c per lb.
-LARD— Tierces quoted at 7c per lb for com
pound and 0!»c for pure; half-barrels, pure.
9%c; 10-lb tins, lO^c; 5-lb tins. 10%c; 3-lb
tins, 10%c. •
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. OUc; three
half barrels, 9c; one tierce.' 8%c; two tierces,
S^ic; five tierces, 8%»: per lb.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
. Htdes are steady, both here and In the East.
and the outbreak of Russo-Japanese hostilities
Is imparting strength to the situation, as
dealers think that the war will cause a better
demand -for Leather. Prices, however, show
no ' further . change. It Is , reported . that an
Eastern buyer, ; who has been operating hers
for some weeks, has purchased from eight to
ten thousand heavy salted Hides.
Hops are quiet and steady at the high prices.
The bulk of ■ the season's ' business has
been ' done, ' as . already mentioned, and stocks
are reduced to a small quantity. Growers are
strong in their views regarding contracts for
ADCTION SALES
WILSON
THE AUCTIONEER. THAT'S ILL.
_-„, ' GRAND AUCTION SALE
ENTIRE CONTENTS PALATIAL RESI-
DENCE
CORNER COLE AND GROVE STS.,
__J ' (Hayes-st. Cars to Cole)
TO-DAY (WEDNESDAY). February 10.
11 O'clock a. m.
1 am ordered to sell, previous to departure,
contents 14 rooms of artistic and durable
pia^o a furnl9hln « s : *'»o <"« upright grand
Positively at your own price, without rt-
gerve or limit.
£a fe £&
ARCADE STABLES. 327 SIXTH STREET;
every horse must be as represented, or money
refunded. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer
the 1904 crop and decline to make any conces
sions.
Wool is steady and unchanged.
"IDES AND SKINS-Cull. and brands sell
about fa©lc under quotations. Heavy Salted
mm""' c C: a**" 1 ™. 8 %c: »*ht. 8c; Cow
I ?. J ?«, ro «" l»«avy «nd 8c for ll«ht; Stag«. 6c;
fall ? P 't? C: SaIt * >d VeaI - 1Oc - Salted CaIf «
104c; dry Hidas. 13016c; dry Kip. 13c; dry
calf. 18c; Sheepskins, shearlings. 25@30c each
w^5. £&. 4 i*'8 65c "^h: medium, 70@90c: Ion«
Vkool. $I®1 6O: Horse Hides, salt. $2 75 for
large and $2t&2 60 for medium. $1 25@1 73 for
small and 5oc for Oolts. Horse Hides, dry.
$1 <3 for large and $1 50 for medium. $l@l 25
for small ond 50c for Colts. Buck Skins— Dry
Mexican, 31c; dry salted Mexican. 23c; dry
Cenyal American. 31c. Goat Skins— Prime An
goras, ,5c; large and smooth. 50c; medium, S5c;
•mall, 20c.
_ TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4c per lb; No.
2. 3Hc: grease. 24<§3c
WOOL — Fall clip — San Joaquin Lambs* 99
.' n M =. id^ Ie Count y. H©12c; Northern Defect
in e ' ?^ 1Oc : Nevada, 13@15c; Oregon, fine. 18®
19c; Oregon medium 17c per lb
?9 P^? 5sa0c pcr lb for California, 1903,
and 1 1 i&'20c for crop of 1904.
Meat Market.
There is very little chang* In the market.
The local butchers say that Beef and Mutton
are likely to b« ecarce In thirty or sixty days.
They have lately been rushed Into market on
account of the dry weather and short pas
turage, which haa kept prices down for th»
past three weeks, but as soon as these Cattle
and Sheep- are gone advanced quotations will
be^ apt to rule, especially if the pasturaga
proves sufficient to enable the stockmen to
carry the animals along.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— «4@74c for Steers and 54«8%c per
Id fcr Cows.
y EA^Cr I " arK '- 8 ® 9c : «"«"• 9U10c per lb.
MLTTOX— Wethers. 94©10c; Ewee. 9««4c
per id.
LAMB— Sprlntr. 15®16c.
PORK— Dressed Hcgs. 7®84c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET. .
The following quotations ar» for good, sound.
Livestock, delivered In San Francisco, less 50
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
-ii ATT , LK ~ steer8 - 8 ® 3c : Cow » "d Heifers,
• ®Sc: thin Cows. 4®5c per lb.
£* LVES — *@<4c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 44S5c; Ewes. 4V*®44o
per lb <grc*s weight).
LAMBS — 5<g54c per lb
HOGS— Live Hogs. 140to 180 lbs. 5V*(9S*ic:
over ISO lbs. 6c; roft Hogs. 4 He: Sows? 20 per
cent off; Boars. 50 per cent off. and Stags, 40
per cent off from above quotations.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Grain Bags. 5^ie: San Quentin.
6.55c; Wool Bags, 32®35c; Fleece Twine. 7H
©8c.
CANNED FRUITS— The California Fruit
Canners Association quotes the following pries
m B », a
* ail »i *
FRUITS. 9 £* » I
3 £ f ;
? I: : :
Apples 1 II 55 $1 30! $1 20 $1 10
Apricots 135 125
Blackberries 1 60 t 40 1 30 1 20
CheTrtes, R.- A 2 15 1 $X> 1 70 1 4O
Cherries white.. 1 75 1 6OJ 1 5A
Cherries, black 2 00 1 75 1 60! 1 3.V
Graphs 1 35 1 20 1 10 1 00
i Yellow Free Peaches 140 (....
j Lemon Cling Peaches... 1 no 1 60 1 30! 1 20
Pears 2 00 1 75 |
Plums 1 35 1 15 1 051 95
Raspberries 2 501 2 25 2 10i 1 9O
Strawberries 2 00| I 75 1 en. t W
CANNED VEGETABLES— Tomatoes. 24-lb
standard. 83c: Green Peas^ — Petlta pols,
$1 35; standards, 00c: standard, sifted. $1 05;
extra sifted $1 20: marrowfats 8'VtC
COAL— Wellington. $8 per ton; New Wel
lington. £S; Seattle. SB 50: Bryant. $tf 5O; Bea
ver. Hill. $9; Standard, 97; Roslyn, 17; Coos
Bay. $5 50: Greta. $7; Wallsend. $7: Rlch
| mond. $7 50; Cumberland. $13 In bulk and
$14 25 in sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg.
$14; Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13; Welsh Lump.
$11 5«); Cannel. $5 60 per ton; Coke. $11 50>£*
13 per ton in bulk and $15 In sacks; Rocky
Mountain descriptions. $11 45 per 2000 lbs and.
$12 80 per long ton. according to brand.
PACIFIC CODFISH— Bundles, per lb. 4c:
cases, regular, 4%c: casea. extra large, 5c;
I Eastern style. 6c; boneless. 5 Vic: "Norway."
5 l ,«c: "Narrow Gauge." 5*ie; "Silver King."
7c; blocks. "Oriental." 5fjc: blocks. "Sea
bright." 8c: tablets «Uc; middles «V»U7»ic:
fancy boneless S^^8?ic: pickled Cod. bbls.
$7 75: pickled Cod. half bbls. $4 50.
CORDAGE — The local company quotes as
follows. 60 days or *i per cent discount for
cash, no sales under 10,000 lbs: Manila 14Uc:
Sinai. 10y»e: Duplex. 0%c; Bale Rope. 10H*
• lO^c per ib.
! COFFEE — Costa Rica — 13ti<815c nominal for
I strictly prime .to fancy washed; 12'/£®13c for
j prime washed; HV]<&12Uc for good washed:
I 10Vi(812^c for good to prime washed peaberry:
j 9H@10 1 *jC for good to prime peaberry; 10*<tQ
12c for good to prime: S^lO'^c for fair; 738o
( for common to ordinary.
1 Salvador — 134) 14c nominal for strictly prime
washed; ll@12Hc for good to prime washed:
OmyiO^c-fcr fair washed: lOsmc for fair to
prime washed peaberry: 9%©10c for good to
prime ?em I- washed; 10c for superior unwashed;
9H<fS9-%c for good green unwashed: 9^#10c for
good to superior unwashed peaberry; "jJSVlc for
Inferior to ordinary.
Nicaragua — I2%«ll3$ic nominal for prime to
I fancy washed: 9^«llc nominal for fair t»»
I strictly good washed: MK»?4c for good to su
! perior unwashed: 9t2 ( SJ10'4c for good to prime
unwashed peaberry.
Guatemala and Mexican — 14t?^15c for fancy
washed: 12itl(P14Uc for prime to strictly prim*
washed: HH®12Hc for strictly good washed:
lDV 4 «llUo for good washed: 9Vi«10c for fair
washed: 8H*|1>'-ic for medium: 7iS9c for Inferior
to ordinary: ll*4'ei2Hc for fair to prime
washed peaberry: 9^i<?10*4c for good to prime
unwashed peaberry; 9®10c nominal for good t>
superior 'unwashed.
LEATHER — The Oriental war Is Imparting
strength to this market, as It t» expected to
stimulate the demand. Prices show no
change however. Sole, heavy. 2Q(?tXlc: extra
heavy '30#40c per lb: medium. 27©2S>c: lisrht.
2lS28c: Rough Leather. 26<828c: Harness
Leather heavy 35<f>30c for No. 1 and 2!»«33c
for No. 2: medium. 30©.17c; light. 2!M>35e:
Skirting. No. 1. 40042c: No. 2. 36«3Sc: Col
lar Leather. 15i616c per foot: Trace Leather. 40
©44c- Kip unfinished. 40©50e per lb; Veal,
finished 50660c per lb: Calf, finished. fi.V-5*!
per lb: Wax Sides. l&917c ner foot: Belt Knlfs
Splits 14«16c; Rough Sr»ltta SfilOc per lb.
TANBARK— Ground. $20(928 per ton: stick.
$15*61* per cord.
OILS— Quotations are for barrels: for cases,
add 5c: Linseed. 49c ner gallon for boiled and
47c for r*w; Castor OU. in cases. No. 1.. 70c:
Bakers' AA. $1 10«l 12: Lucol. 44c for boiled
and 42c for raw; China Nut, eO®70c per gallon:
Cocoanut OU la barrels. 58c for Ceylon and 53c
for Australian: extra bleached winter Sperm
Oil. • ROc: natural winter Sperm OU. 75c: extra
I bleached winter Whale Oil. 65c: natural Whal»
Oil; 60c; extra winter strained Lard Oil, «5c:
No 1 Lurd OU 75c: pure Neatsfont Oil. 75c;
No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil. 65c: light Herring Oil,
45c: dark Herring Oil. 4.1c: Salmon Oil. 38c:
boiled Fish Oil. 40c: raw Fi«h Oil. 33c; boiled
Paint Oil. 35c: raw Paint Oil. 33c.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil in bulk.
15c: Pearl OH In cases. 21Hc: Astral. 21 He:
Star. 21V>c: Extra Star. 25Uc: Elaine. 27H«:
Eocene 24Hc: Deodorized Stove Gasoline. In
bulk 17c; In cases. 23 lie: Benzine, in bulk.
13o: "in cases. 19^c: SC-degree Gasoline, la
buli. 2.V: In cases. 31c.
TURPENTINE — S8c per gallon In cases and
R2c in drums and Ircn barrels. * ; ■*-'
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 6^®
7c per Ib; White Lead. 6*s@7e. according to
QU QUICKSILVER— $43©44 for local use and
$42 50«43 50 per fiask for export
SALT— Continues nominal, with dealers sell-
Ing* down to bedrock. Each has his own price.
The goods are now down to cost.
StiGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes «s follows, per lb. In lOO-tb hairs:
Cubes A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.55c:
Powdered. 5.40c; Candy Granulated. 5.40c; Dry
Granulated, fin*. 8.30c: Dry Granulated, coarse.
5 W Fruit Granulated. 5.30c: Beet Granulated
Hof-ib bag* only). 5.10c; Confectioners* A.
5.30c: Magnolia A. 4.90c: Extra C. 4.S0c: Golden
V 4 70c: "D." 4.<S0c: barrels. 10c more; half
bstrrels. 25c more: boxes, 50c more: 5tVlb basts".
10c more fcr oil kinds. Tablets^ — Half barrels,
5 SOc; boxes. 6.05c; H & E. Crystal Dnminns,
S 30c per lb. No orders taken for lesa than
«eventy-Ave barrels or its equivalent. ■
- LUMBER— Pine ordinary sizes. $1S@19: ex
tra sizes higher; Redwood. $19@23; Lath. 4
Continued on Page Fourteen.
1516
I The Policy of This Store Has Not Changed.
The Usual Courtesies Will Continue.
Price and Value Attractions in
Specials for Women.
tt-^OK lo-ilay we have arranged a variety of bargains, so
r* that every wish of, our customers may be satisfied. We
I 1 h^ yc se iectcd with' much care one or two lines from sev-
] cral depaxtnjents and feel satisfied that an unusually large
I number of shoppers will take advantage of the extremely low
■j prices and liigli values. Every tyie is in advance spring styles.
HOSIERY J2j/£c a pair — Boys' extra heavy cotton ribbed hose;
\ double heels and toes. Guaranteed fasTblack. Worth 20c a P/ir.
1 CORSETS, "•"»<*, •"• (>c and up to «-.O«>_A sample line of R. &
G Corsets, in' drab, black and white. A large assortment of. styles
to select from. We are selling them at less than one-half their rcg-
- Uar NEC°K RUFFS. .*M^1J), *>••*»• 92-19 and up to S?1O.OS— A
nc-.v line of chiffon and liberty silk neck rufts. in b'ack. white and
black and white. These goods have been reduced one-half the reg- |
" ar CHIFFON DRAPES AND VEILS, 40o, «!k', SJ)c and 9J)c
—Chiffon drapes and veils, in plain and fancy blacks, white, brown i
and havy. All new patterns. These will be sold for one-third less
' :han their regular value. Worth S1.25 and $1.50.
1 CHILDREN'S COATS, ,5i-oo — Sample line of children's cidcr-
] down coats: ages 1 to 4 years. They have been reduced on account
1 of being slightly soiled.' Regular $2.00 to $5.00 values. .
1 LACES, •"»€•* a yard— Wash lace edgings and insertions to match
1 in Torchon! Cluny. Medici and Point dc Paris, from 1 to 4 inches
I wide. Sold re£t:!ar!y at'ioc. izVSc and 15c a yard.
IjSj AI3VMTS RELIABLE j
1238- 1250 MARKET ST.^s [
CAPTAIN HARTS' CIRIOS
WlIJi BE AUCTIONED
•Suit Bcsun for the Confiscation of
Articles of Virtu Attempted to
Be Smuggled In.
Unit»d States District Attorney
j Wnodworth yesterday filed a libel of
: information in the United States Dis
trict Court against a large quantity of
ffoods brought over on the transport
Thomas lapt July by Captain William
H. Harts of the United States army.
! The goods had not been declared, as
. required by law. and were found con
cealed in the captain's baggage.
Harts was fined 51900, treble the
value of the goods. lie appealed to
I the Secretary of the Treasury and
upon Investigation the action of Cus
toms Collector Stratton in imposing
•he tin-* was approved aii(\ Harts was
compelled :o pay the tine.
The present action will confiscate
The articles seized and they will be
sold at public auction for the benefit
of the Government. <
Jake a Kcst at l>d, Monte.
The acenfry ct I'd Monte 1b \ery b«autlful.
and per bathing-, boatlnr, riding, so'.flnj and
o'her pJrsnir** ih» place is famous. A fiut
i-!a*» ticket ket«t-«n San Francises «nd Lo<
Accel**, Cither direction, including two day*'
er.tertainmnu at CW Mont*, only $22; chil
«r«>n, J14 to. PrivUty; of thirty days' t-top
ew 1f you tvi«h. Southern Pacific agenu
»;:: c.ve you rarticuUrs. •
Suicide of a Machinist.
William H. Forbes, a machinist, em
ployed in the Union Iron Works, com
mitted suicide yesterday afternoon in
his room st BIS Eddy street by shoot
ing himself through the right temple
with a revolver. He had been suf
fering with stomach trouble for some
time and had frequently threatened to
kill himself. His -wife was In an ad
joining room at the time the shot was
flre«j. Forbes was a native of New
Tork and 49 years of age.
All <5ixgg1sts sell ADAMS' Irish Most Ccurn
~a.fa.-r. under a. positive guarantee. "5c. ioc. *
Get Important Convictions,
Frank Petray and F. D. Newland
■have been found guilty of violating the
Fame Jaws in the Superior Court of
Sonoma County. Petray paid $230 for
dynamiting fish and Newland was
porarated from S30 for taking steel
.'head trout during the close season.
[Deputy Fish Commissioners Ingalls
|nnd l>ea made the arrests. This is
It he pecond time within a month that
;ihe commission has secured convic
jiior.s in cases of people accused of kill
•ing fish with explosives.
Cures Colds in Great Britain
l^AXATTVn: BROMO QUININE. To get the
Xer.n!ne. call for the full name. 25 cent*. •
Rehearing Denied.
. Petitions for rehearing were denied
j-esterday by the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals as follows: F. Aug-
Heinze vs. Butte and Boston
Mining Company, United States Con
solidated Seeded Raisin Company vs.
Oriffin & Skelly Company. Kmpire
•^tate-ldaho Mining and Development
Ompany vs. Hanley. Hanley vs. Swee
ney.
Questions Judges* Right.
i ne question or the right of Police
Judges to issue warrants for the ar
rest of the women occupants of 1129
Uupont street has been made the basis
nf n test suit. Yesterday Jean Pon.
]*>«see of the premises, filed a petition
for a v.rit o*f review of the act of the
Police Judge who issued them.
■ ADVERTISEMENTS. £j&
/NFANtS' WCAA DI/t. ,^_! 1_1 1-
THE "ARNOLD" KNIT 'W&IMSk
\ GERTRUDE SUITS W&Wim-
Are as soft as thistle-down, coo] but pro- • F^^^^S^^^P
lectivc. *;i<J luxuriously comfortable. Linen Y%%0^/MiYif^ttt
and ihc like v.rc cold 2nd chilly. ' ■
J Tho "Gertrude" Knit Underskirt. FJannel ■ l^iiilfr^fcePf
1 . :,<1. rskirt :<nrl an ordinary f=lip — these .1 Y 7
parmonts are put tosr.thcr before dressing 3 , ' Epf" _^ &|?
ulervcs within sleeves — and then are put L- »^^ai — • 'MM
over Ui<- little ono's iioad at anon ami buttoned %1 iifltfC^'VJ^'W
1 behind and tlio baby 5s dro.*«e<3. there I>pjh^- •iT^ i= i^^^5wrjSn
; but- cue i»Mi— a diaper pin — in baby's drr.«s riL^> VXB«9vj#it
Gi:RTRUDE SUITS, comprising knit Un- W^ C# '"\fl3;fc
! ricrskirt and I'la'-uiel Skin: with tCO in Y* ' iV::Mza)'i
lirrsiiivd cdpo<;. Pursuit V^»l" «A ' ;
. S:.m<-\ rxcept with silk crocheted Qo *>c y* "■• '-"' ' %«tf
edge. Per. suit V*J-»O - ut.-- *•. '
SLIPS, to go with outfits. .-Joe, .";<><•. <><><• 'H***'* ! '^W
We are exclusive Pacific Coast Agents. wry- •♦ ""'if
S/S-S22 /?A/?K£T jr. SilL '%' \\
kp. _. . ._
SECRETARY'S ORDER PUTS
CUSTOM-lIOl'SK IX BLACK
Half Holldav on Saturdays Is Abol-
ished and Races Must Be linn
Without Federal Spectators!
Mourninir, symbolical mourning,
draped the Custom-house yesterday.
The corridors and stairways were
filled with gloom. The clerks retired
behind the black shadows of their
desks and swore softly, for the. fiat
had gone forth that they should work
henceforth from 9 a. m. until 4:30
p. m. every day, with a half hour for
lunch or luncheon, whichever they
might prefer. The half holiday <on
Saturday afternoon has been abolished
and instead of closing at noon on. Sat
urdays as heretofore the Custom
house must be kept open until 4:30
p. m. «.»n Sundays and lejjal holidays
the Custom-house will remain closed.
There is a ray of hope, however,
and that is that the unwelcome order
that came yesterday from the Secre
tary of the Treasury provides that in
States wherein Saturday has been de
clared by law to be a half holiday the
Federal force shall also take a half
holiday. There will be a combined
.movement on the part of the Federal
employes to secure the passage
through the next Legislature of a bill
making Saturday a half holiday, as is
the law !n several other States.
Exposition Special.
Ofte of cur $6.00 Trunks will be just
the thing to take with you to the Expo
sition at St. Louis. Regular price of this
Trunk is $9.60. A. B. Smith Co., 132
Ellis st. •
Meyer Asks for a Receiver.
The row among the directors of the
Columbia Brewing Company took a
new turn yesterday, when August F.
Meyer, who recently bought $6500
.worth of stock in the concern, filed a
suit for the appointment of a receiver
to take charge of the affairs of the
company. Meyer, who is tho defend
ant in numerous suits brought by H.
D. Ulrichs, president of the brewing
company, alleging that Ulrichs has
misappropriated the receipts of the
company.
Cures Colds the World Over
IvAXATIVK BROJ1O QUININE. To get' the j
genuine, call for the full name. 2T> cents. •
Suit on Charter Party.
J. J. Moore & Co. filed a libel yes
terday in the United States District
Court against the Sphere Shipping
Company to recover $2500 damages,
.•illeged to have been sustained by the
failure of the British ship Falls of
Dee to carry out a contract made last
November to transport a cargo of
lumber from Puget Sound t<$ Austra
lia.
; Reduced rates on household goods to Sc from
I the East L- South. Bekln's. 11 Montgomery st. •
Unknown Laborer Drowned.
The body of an unknown drowned
man 'was found in the bay yesterday
n^ar the drawbridge on Channel
street. It had been in the water evi
dently about a mpnlh. The clothing
was that of a laborer. In the pock
ets were found $10 in gold and 53 90
in silver and a pair of classes.
Denies Woman's Charges.
Dr. W. A. Whelan, who was recently
j sued by Helen Mathey, a milliner, for
$»000 for breach of promise, filed an an
swer to the woman's suit yesterday He
denies that on September 11 of last year
or at any other time he ever asked her
to become his wife or promised to make
, her such. ,
THE SAX FRANCISCO WEDXKSDAY. FEBRUARY 10. 1004.
REGENTS VOTE
FOR DISPLAY
Sum of Four Thousand Dollars I
Allowed for University^Ex
hibit at St. Louis Expqsition
TO ENLIGHTEN THE WORLD
Many Illustrjous Educators of
the Country Will Attend Next
Summer School at Berkeley
Regents Guy C. Earl, Rudolph J.
Taussig, Alden Anderson? James A.
Waymire. John A. Britton, Frederick
W. Dohrmann, Dr. C. ; N. Ellinwood,
Charles W. Slack, Garret W. McEner
ney, A. W. Foster,- Charles S. Wheeler,
J. B. Reinstein, President Benjamin I.
Wheeler and Attorney Charles E.
Snook attended a session of the Board
of Regents at Mark Hopkins Institute
yesterday afternoon. Regent Earl was
called to the chair. Lieutenant (Govern
or Anderson called attention to the fact
that A. G. Fisk had resigned the office of
Speaker of the Assembly and asked if
Assemblyman Henry E. Carter, Speak
er pro tern., was a Regent. Mr. McEner
ney suggested that the question be sub
mitted to the Attorney General, and
such reference was made.
President Wheeler advised the board
that many illustrious educators would
attend the summer school at Berkeley.
The list includes Professor Fred
erick J. Turner of Wisconsin. x Dr.
Archibald Coolidge of Harvard and
Professors Bernard Moses and H.
Morse Stephens of California.
AN KXTEXSI VK* TRAVELER.
Professor Cooiidge is the- foremost au
thority in the United States on the
Eastern qutfetion. Dr. Coolidge, though
still a young man, has traveled exten
sively in Europe and Asia and has held
seme important governmental posi
tions. When the trans-Siberian Rail
road was opened last year he was the
first traveler to make the entire trip
across the Asiatic Continent. After
reaching the terminus of the line he
crossed through Korea and went to
Peking. •
Dr. Coolidge is preparing a book on
the Eastern question and one of the
inducements which brings him to Cali
fornia is the library on Russian ques
tions in the possession of Jerome B.
Lanfield. instructor in history at the
university. His course of lectures will
treat of the European aspect of the
Eastern question; also of Russian ex
pansion and the extension of Russia's
control over Central Asia.
Professor Turner is an authority on
American history and will devote him
self to the exposition of that subject.
He has had great success in teaching
history and for six years the Justin
Winsor prize of the American Histori
cal Association has been annually
awarded to one of his pupils. lie has
written a number of short studies in
American history.
Professor Stephens will give a sen- j
eial course on the teaching of history'
and another on the Elizabethan peUod.
Professor Moses will give a general
course on government and a special \
course on Philippine institutions.
A provision in the report of the ft-]
nance committee authorizing an ap- ;
propriation of $4000 to enable thc,unl-|
versity to make an exhibit in the-pal- I
ace of education of the St. Louis Expo- 1
sition was debated at some length and ;
finally approved. j
Regent Slack expressed a desire to. :
hear the president's version of the. pro
posed exhibit. Dr. Wheeler said the v
exhibit wduld consist of relief, maps, ;
Lick Observatory photographs, J
The astronomical work at Lick Observ- :
atory was recognized by the eminent
experts as the best in the world. j
APPROPRIATION" FOR EXHIBIT. <
In the general discussion Regents Me- !
Enerney, Ellinwood, Britton, Wheeler, !
Taussig, Waymire, Dohrmann and An- .
derson participated. Mr. McEnerney j
remarked that the Legislature had ap- !
propriated $130,000 for making aCali- j
fornia exhibit at the St. Louis Exposi- ;
tion. The commission proposes to al- '
low $1000 for transporting and install
ing an oxhibit and the university is to j
give $4000. He doubted whether the
regents had authority in law to ex- |
pend $4000 for promoting immigration, •
as the money provided for the admlnis- j
{ration of university affairs is a trust j
fund.
The fact was mentioned in remarks
by Mr. Dohrmann that San Francisco
was raising m(vney for an exhibit. It
was a topic of comment that the com
mission having an appropriation . of
$130,000 could give San Francisco noth
ing and could allow the University
only $1000.
Regent Slack, after a reflective survey
of the situation, came to the conclu
sion that the appropriation of $4000 by
the Regents, could be justified on the i
broad proposition of spending money |
for the enlightenment of the world. j
It was incidentally mentioned in the [
discussion that the Governor of the ■
State favored the university exhibit.
When the roll was called all the Re- |
gents present, save McEnerney, voted
to appropriate the money. !
John A. Britton of the finance com
mittee was authorized " to sign < for
President Wheeler during the latter's
absence from the State.
Regents Earl and Britton were added
to the committee on buildings and
grounds.
The finance committee was author
ized to go ahead with the work of re
covering money due the university by
reason of tho McKowen defalcation.
A motion made by Regent Britton. re
questing the treasurer to file a report
of receipts ar.d disbursements at each
regular meeting, was withdrawn when
the information. was elicited that a re
port up to January 31 had been filed
and was in the hands of the secretary.
The finance committee asked for fur
ther time in. the selection of a secre
tary and the request was granted.
Chamber of Commerce Meet*.
At the monthly meeting of the
Chamber of Commerce, held yester r
day. F. W. Zeile, R. Onffroy, J. F.Hal
loran and the . California Canneries
Company were elected to membership.
Resolutions were adopted favoring the
erection of a' statue in memory, of
Commodore Sloat. at Monterey, the
Congressional bill providing an amend
ment . to the Alaska fisheries law, the
retention of Goat Island as a naval
training station, the construction of a
road from Rampart to Glen Gulch,
Alaska, and the appointment of a com
mission to investigate the'practicabil
ity of establishing public rifle ranges
throughout the country.
Sues Shuck for Iijirge Sum.
J. J. Cunningham, administrator of
the estate of Chew Bing Quola,,a Chi- !
nose contractor, filed a suit yesterday, I
acalnst I^ouio, Shuck to recover ?l 3, J
S00 he claims Quola gave into his pos- |
session. The money in question is the!
subject rtf several suits" Hecauso of the 1
fact that there are two Chinese. women ;
who claim to be the widows of Quoia. "
HER CONSCIENCE
PROVES TENDER
Truthfulness of Marie J. Iver
soii Causes Her : to Lose Suit
for Divorce for. Desertion
MAKES FATAL ADMISSION
Court Dismisses Case AVhen She
Admits She Has Not Been Res
ident of This City fora Year
A tender conscience was all that pre
vented Marie J. Iverson from getting
a divorce from Andrew J. Iverson in
Judge Hebbard's court yesterday. After
proving* her charge of desertion she re- f
fused to swear that she had been a
resident of this city the year the law
requires.
'"I have only lived her nine months,
your Honor," she said in response to
the court's questions concerning her
residence.
■"Well, madam," said the court, "you
will have to live here three months
longer before you can some Into court
and ask for a divorce. The case is
dismissed."
Divorces were granted by Judge Heb
bard to : Dora Cramer from Frank O.
Cramer for neglect and Frances Das
sonville from Jules Dassonville for the
same cause.
- Judge Sloss granted May C. Gallick a
divorce fronx Nicholas M. Gallick, a
gambler; on the ground of neglect.
Judge Kerrigan severed the ties unit
ing Inez E. Ray Harrison to Mahlon
C. Harrison, the marine insurance
broker, because she proved that he had
deserted her. The Harrisons , settled
their property rights out of court.
Marguerite J. Quinn, who was di
vorced from Charles J. Quinn in Feb
ruary, 1802, asked the court yesterday
to order Qulrin to show cause <*'hy he
has not paid her the alimony ordered at
the time the decree was granted. She
says he owes her J737 and refuses to
ray her. /
An amended complaint in the divorce
action brought by Louise K. Hislop
against George W. Hislop has been
filed. It contains the allegation that
Hislop is guilty of infidelity and names
one "Violette" as corespondent.
I^uzernia Lownes, nee Scott, filed a
suit for divorce yesterday . against
Franklin P. Lownes on the ground of
conviction of felony. She alleges that
her husband was sentenced from Men
docino Countv to serve twenty-one
years for committing murder in the
second decree. She says he was re
leased last March.
Suits for divorce were filed by Charles
Whitfield against Fannie E. Whitfield
for desertion, Frankie C. Cowden
against George A. Cowden for cruelty
and William Woolsey against Helen S.
Woolsey for cruelty.- . -
I.lke all of. its nrede*essor», the annual re
port of Colonel Jacob L. Orecnr. president of
the Connecticut Mutual l.lte Insurance Com
pany, in "mighty lntercstin' readln'.", The
virility that atway* ■ marks what he has to
say of insurance I* evident, though there U
more of a tone of ngr'-t at what he considers
error* of methods that have crept into the
bujtinpm than the rani-r-llke thru*t» at
method? that have ( sometimes characterised
them. Hc.has jem all the ereat Insurance
companies of the country come to his method
or computing- reserves and surplus, though for
nearly a ciuarter.of a century they sne«red at
T.iiat they were' plra'n>d to term. his "ultra
conservative methods." The Connecticut Mu
tual Is managed In no high and mighty man
ner, for he tells the members frankly of the
depreciation of some of their seeiirltles th»
causes that led to.it, and then, with the frank
ness that carries the conviction of truth with
U, telU them how thoroughly safe thel% In
vestments an-; that the" income of the company
both from premiums and Interest has increased
in /h» J^par. In spite of the strenuous methods
taken" totsnatch business away from the Con
necticut Mutual. He shows how he has not
only been able to return to the Insured or
their benfflclarles O9.tt per cent of all they
have- paid In in premiums, but has accumu
lated for their protection very nearly $65,000,-
OOo of assets that are of the best class and
a surplus of very nearly $5,000,000 more. The
whole story will he pleasant reading: for the
TO. 160 policy holders, who are shown why
their investment Is one that Is absolutely safe
and sure.
Jury Convicts \Villhun Kratz.
William M. Kratz. vice president and
treasurer of the defunct Donandt-
Kratz Company, 508 Washington
street, was convicted by a jury in
Judge Dunne's court- yesterday after
noon of a charge of felony embezzle
ment. He willbe sentenced on Feb
ruary 17. On February 13 last Kratz
collected $16,542 75 from customers of
the firm and appropriated it. to his
own use.
Old Lady Dies Suddenly.
Mrs. Mary Bent, an inmate of St.
Mary's Home Rincon'Hill, expired
suddenly yesterday afternoon while
walking on Seventeenth street, near
Guerrero. She was a native of Ire
land, 72 years of age. (
ADVERTISEMENTS.
GRFAT <rf^
[specials Q
' — fore— — —————.
j WEDNESDAY
The Best 50c Wash Silks, 35c yard,
■ 1S0O yards extra fine quality Japanese Wash Silks, the kind «oM elsewhere at
BOc a yard. In dainty stripes and checks and . colors of ' white, pink, light blue,
lavender and icray; sale price, 55c yard. .- ;,
A Sale of. 75c Alpaca for 44c yard.
An immeniie bargain— a- splendid erade of high-lustre Alpaca. 46 inches wide.
the kind so much in demand for suits and waists, in color* black, navy, gray
. and brown.. ' . • ' %
69 pieces 10c Outing". Flannel: for 7c yard.
Warm and flewy Flannelettes, in atrlpes and checks, colors pink, Heht hlu*
and gray, ■warranted fast colors, a nice quality for ladles' and children's under-
I8c Quality White Goods for 12c yard.
Two very popular weaves ro on Kale>, to-day — India Linon and Victoria
Lawn, very shew makes, ISOOyards of the ISc quality on special sale to-day,
12c yard. / y , .
New Crepe de Chine Waists; $5.00 each.
The Grandest waist offrrins of the season. ' These, waists have Just be* n re-
fHv»d. are beautifully trimmed and come In light blue, pink, white, Nile and
black; sreat value at $5. %
Sale of New Eton Suits, {$16.50 each. \ . '•',
■ 5 Every one of thenesults i* _ worth $22.50/ They are entirely new— the Eton
styl? of "fine cheviot. In navy, brown and black; special value al $10.50.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
OH THE
One Night Cure
Soak the hands, on retiring,
in hot water and Ccrticora
Soap. Dry and anoint freely
with Ctitlctfia Ointment.
Wear old gloves or light, soft
bandages during night. A^sin-
; gle treatment often cures.
INSURANCE
New York Underwriters Agency
Assets. - - - $14,500,000
Teleeram from. Home Office «ays: "Fol-
lowing coursa Dursued by this company In pre->
vlous conflajfrations, w* are already adjusting,
and paylnjc Baltimore losses."
Shainwald, Buckbee & Co., | Mann L Wilson,
. Qlty Agents, Manigsrs.
- Mills Bulldlns. S22-324 California »t.
San FranciKco. Cal. '
YOUNG MATRON
ENDS HER LIFE
Only a Year Married, 3Irs.
Lola Chambers Becomes De
spondent and Inhales Gas
Despondent because she believed her
husband to be untrue to her and ren
dered desperate by his threat to aban
don her, Mrs. Lola Chambers, who had
just passed her twentieth year, made
an end to her existence yesterday
morning at her home, 84 Harriet
street.
When the body was found several
hours later a note was clasped in her
riKht hand. It was in her own writ
ing and rend as follows:
My Dear Husband: You will no doubt bs
surprised when you arrive and flni mi» a
corpse, but 1 will pay I have gone the limit
and can't stand any mor«\ I hope you will
always be happy, but rfmember th» on» jou
have put In misery. Your once lovlns wife,
LOL.A CHAMBERS.
The room was full of illuminating
gas, that had escaped from an open
burner. •
The man to whom the note was ad
dressed was Frederick Chambers, who
is employed by his brother, the pro
prietor of a cigar stand at Jackson
street wliarf. He had married his un
fortunate wife a year ago last Decem
ber. He said to Deputy Coroner
Brown yesterday that his wife was
jealous of him. because he used to
dress himself in his best suit and go
out in the evenings; that she accused
him of being unfaithful to his mar
riage vows; that after a quarrel be
tween them last Monday night they
agreed to separate and that he left the
house and did not return until after 9
oMlock the following morning, some
time after his wife's body had been
found in her room.
When asked where he had snent the
night he refused to answer.
The couple lived with Mrs. Nellie
Font, a sister of Chambers. Mrs.
Font told the Deputy Coroner that
Mrs. Chambers came to her for the
key of her room at 1 o'clock yester
day morning and then locked 'herself
in her own apartment. She had left
the house shortly after her husband
had gone away on Monday evening
and she did not return until between
midnight and 1 o'clock In the morn-
Seventeen American mining engi
neers are prospecting in the Hima
layas. •
ADVEBTisEMEgi^
~~™~ 1 \ ~~\
SEASON 1904. =
Commencing Monday, February 8th, we
will place on sale our first shipment or.
NEW WASH GOODS for Season 1904.
INEW GALATEAS.'
29-INCH ENGLISH GALATEAS lira great varietu or
palterns. These ooods are In Stripes. Checks and
Figures, also solid Colors, and are in Navus, Reds,
Tans and'Black and Whiter .Price 1 5c Yard
NEW PERCALES,
36-INCH PRINTED PERCALES (Uest aualltU) In
Stripes, Checks, Figures arid Dots. These come in
i Dark, Medium and Light Colors. Price. 12^4 c Yard
CHAMBRAY. GINGHAMS.
25 CASES GENUINE CHAMBRAY GINGHAMS In
Stripes, Plaids, Checks-and Plain Colors, in these
we will show about 175 different patterns. Price
: 12 tf c Yard
WASH CREPES.
30-INCH GENUINE JAPANESE WASH CREPES in a
yeru large assortment of Stripes, Checks and Plain
• Colors. These are all warranted Fast Colors. Price
20c Yard
INEW CHEVIOTS.
32-INCH SCOTCH CHEVIOTS, hoth Stripes and Plain
Colors. Thess come in a large assortment of patterns
end are vero desirable for Skirts and Snlrt Waists.
Price 25c Yard ■
EGYPTIAN TISSUE.
32-INCH FANCY EGYPTIAN TISSUE, Light, Medium
and Dark. These are in all the New Colorings and
come in Plaids, Stripes and Checks/ Price
/ 25c Yard %
We wilt also show an elegant line of NOVELTY
WAISTINGS, toth Colored and White and Plain and
Embroidered. FANCY LINEN SUITINGS, PRINTED
DIMITIES, SILK and LINEN TISSUES, and WHITE
P.QUES. ■
WRITE FOR SAMPLES OF ABOVE GOODS.
ill, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREEf. ;/
GETS NOTHING
FROM ESTATE
Xatqrai Son 6f Jose Maria
dc Laveasra Is Defeated in
the Struggle for a Fortune
A. J. M. de Laveaga is not entitled
I to any share in the $2,000,000 estate left
by Jose Vicente do Laveaga. according
' to a decision rendered by the Supreme
Court yesterday. The case has been in
: the courts for about eight years. A. J. I
; M. de Laveaga was the natural sen
of a brother of the deceased capitalist,
and, asserting that he had been legally
adopted and acknowledged by his fa
ther, claimed a quarter interest in the
rich estate. The lower court decided in
favor of the claimant, but that judg
ment is reversed. The two slaters and
a brother of the decedent presented the
appeal.
Jose de Laveaga, the elder, brought
his family to San Francisco from Ma
zatlan, Mexico, in 1867. His children
were Maria Josefa Cebrian. Maria C.
de Laveaga, Miguel A., Jose Vicente
and Jose Maria de Laveaga. The pa
rents of the claimant were Jose Maria
de Laveaga and Basil ia Sanchez, a ser
vant t)f the family.
,The Sanchez woman returned to Ma
.zatlan. where the claimant was born in
1868. His mother died four years later
and he was brought to San Francisco
through the instrumentality of his fa
ther in ISTS'and placed in the care of
Dr. Wilhelm Dohrmann at 535 Bryant
street, rz-^'
Jose Maria de Laveaga died in this
city in 1SS7, leaving a will. In which he
declared that the claimant was his son.
Jose Vicente de Laveaga, whose estate
is involved in the case at bar, was the
executor of his brother's will, but never
published the acknowledgment of the
parentage of the claimant. It apr-.ars
from the evidence that the boy had
been known as Jose Sanchez, Jose
Dohrmann and William Dohrmann. He
based his claims for a share of the es
tate on the assertion that he had been
formally recognized as son the
brother of the deceased. /
The Supreme Court declares that the
boy was never publicly acknowledged
by his father. It is pointed out that if
no distinction is made between legiti
mate and illegitimate children a terri
ble blow will be struck at the family
and the marital relation. It is said that
had the claimant ever. lived in his fa
ther's family or had he been commonly
known as the son of his father, a dif
ferent conclusion might have been ar
rived at. . -
Thfc opinion is written by Justice Van
Dyke, with whom Justices Shaw. Hen
shaw, Angellotti. Lorigan and McFar
land directly concur.
The court particularly refrains from
deciding whether a natural . child
can inherit from collateral kin. If for
mal acknowledgment of the offspring
is made by the parents.
Miss Redmond Sues Her Father.
Kate L. Redmond yesterday filed a
suit for an accounting against her
father, Dennis Redmond. She alleges
that in December, 1902, while she was
in Honolulu, her father took advan
tage of her absence and secured a lease
of propertyin which for -years ho had
held a leasehold interest. She siy.i
that since that time he hns enjoyed
the rents, issues and profits of tlio
premises,' which are located on Sixth
street, near Harriet, and refuses to uc
count to her for them.-
AT REASONABLE PRICES.
I've one of the choicest assort-
ments eve» brought to this city.
ranging in price from 5c to ?5.OO
each.
• Don't fail to call and see them.
Take note of my display window.
Out-of-To-.vn Orders Promptly
Filled.
THAT MAN PITTS
F. W. PITTS,
The Stationer,
iooS MARKET STREET*.
Above Powell,
SAN FRANCISCO.
Dollar Teaa :
Premium / fl coff^s
Free " " s P iccs !
with Each ****
with Each Worth p 9wdef £
rThey are Beauties q
A thousand kinds jtk *
to Select from. *^|3
It Pays to r
1 Great Americas Importing Tea Go's
S Stores . i, \
g S$l Markat 210 Grant «t. 1419 p c jv j
B 149 Sixth 121»I>Tljad«ro 705 L*rk«
|J4"5H«ich! 30C8 Sixteenth S*T, Hay* J
■329SUta*ion 621 Montt'jr av«. S2 Market <
S?003 FUlmoTe 2518 Htuian H* Kfaith
H«» Third 2732 *4fl> <» Fourth [
HcUUETT.PEABOOY&CO. tj
[ .1 Kanina. o» Li jJ
|!|1 CtUtTT and ARROW COLLAR* Jf~ j
Weak Men and Women
■irrs.tit * a MJlUA j ,tt SWUl> O«»ot, 3ZZ J**»>«*»-