t Li THE WEATHER.
rerecast mafte at San rran
;cl«co\jp*^'tlilrty hours ending
■^mrfaiarlit. Teliruary 16:
San Francisco and vicinity —
Slain Tuesday; hitrli southerly
winds. A. G. SScAOXS,
District Forecaster.
VOLUME XCV— XO. 78.
RUSSIAN FEET LEAVES PORT ARTHUR
TO ATTACK THE SEAPORTS OF JAPAN
PORT ARTHUR,Feb. 15.— The Russian fleet is moving in the direction of Korea or South Japan. It is reported that the Rus
sian fleet intends to bombard the nearest port and will leave the forts to defend Port Arthur. Two of the vessels damaged in the
first engagement have been repaired and have joined the fleet. The third probably will be repaired within a week.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Feb. 15.— Instructions were received to-day by the Canadian Pacific Railroad officials containing permission
from the British War Office for British naval reserve steamships on the Pacific to carry foodstuffs of all kinds to Japan during the
war between Japan and Russia, unless the latter should successfully blockade the ports of the former. •
ALEXIEFF TO HAVE
AN IMMENSE ARMY
Sixty Thousand More Russian Sol
diers Arrive Over the Siberian
Railroad.
Special Cablegram to The Call and New York Herald. Copyright, 1901, by
the New York Herald Publishing Company.
PORT ARTHUR, Feb. 15— (3 P- in..
eastern time). — The arrival is reported
of 60.000 Russian troops at Irkutsk.
They are now nearmg Harbin.
During the maneuvers outside Pig
eon Bay the Japanese succeeded in
landing 2800 men. but 2500 Cossacks
had preceded them. The Cossacks
fired seven volleys, after which they
charged with* bayonets, completely
routing the Japanese.
All military trains arriving at sta
tions in Manchuria are greeted with
great applause and music. AdmiraT
Alexieff, the Czar's Viceroy, is mak
ing his headquarters at Mukden. Man
churian trains are now running regu
larly, bringing supplies from Siberia.
Within the last few davs Japanese
torpedo boats -have been sighted a
short distam^from Port Arthur, but
there have been no new engagements.
Recent arrivals from Port Arthur re
port all quiet. The bank is operating
snd receiving enormous deposits from
Vladivostok. Food prices have risen
2 per cent.
CONFLICTING REPORT^
AS TO WHEREABOUTS
OF VLADIVOSTOK SHIPS
LONDOX. Feb. i6.-In a dispatch
from Tokio dated Februarv 12 a cor
respondent of the Times says that
the Russian Vladivostok squadron is
still to the -westward of Tsngaru
Strait, the eastern exit being guarded
by torpedoes.
PARIS, Feb. 16— A dispatch to the
Lclair from St. Petersburg savs it is
affirmed there that after the bombard
ment of Hakodate (which has not
been officially corroborated) the four.
Russian cruisers which took part in
The San Francisco Call.
SIXTEEN PAGES— SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY i6, .1904— PAGES 1 TO 8.
Special Cal3le to The Call and New York Herald. Copyright, 1904, by the 'New-. York Herald Publishing Company.
the engagement were driven back to
Vladivostok by a storm.
TOKIO, Saturday, Feb. 13.— The
Russian Vladivostok squadron is still
in sight, cruising in the Sea of Japan.
A report to the effect that Matsumae,
on the Inland Sea. has been bom
barded by the Russian squadron is un
true.
PANICKY STAMPEDE
FROM PORT ARTHUR
AFTER THE BATTLE
Special Cable to The Call ' and New York
"era f Copyright. 1901, by the New York
Herald Publishing Company.
CHEFU, Feb. is-(q:.SO a . m .,
eastern time).— The day on which the
Japanese made the torpedo attack on
Port Arthur was Admiral Stark's
birthday. The occasion was being
celebrated with a banquet, at which
were present many naval officers.
The stampede at Port Arthur on
that day gave rise to dreadful scenes.
Hundreds of persons rushed to the
streets from shops and houses, leav
ing everything, even their bank
books, behind. They boarded trains,
where they were packed like herrings.
Among them, cowering in a fourth
class carriage, was Baron Ginsberg,
whose timber concessions on the Yalu
practically caused the war. A shell
burst in front of his office. The rail
way officials wanted the men to leave
the train entirely to the women and
children, but they refused.
Grand Duke Michael's Patriotism.
CANNES, France. Feb. 15.— Grand
Duke Michael Nikolaevich. president
of the Russian Council of State, who
is 111, remained in his carriage to-day
before the open doors of the Orthodox
church, where prayers were . rendered
during the service for the success* of
Russian arms.
KOREAN HARBOR AT WHICH' 20.000 JAPANESE- TROOPS HAVE BEEN: LANDED UNDER COVER OF
A - FLEET OF WARSHIPS AND THE ABANDONED RUSSIAN LEGATION IN SEOUL, THE CAPITAL OF
THE INVADED EMPIRE. .. ~ ' ' .
POWERS WILL SEND TROOPS
IF WAR FORCES INVADE CHINA
Provisions of Secretary Hay's Neutrality Scheme to Be
Enforced by Concurrent Action Should Any
Violation;.'- Be Attempted. '
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET,
N. W.. WASHINGTON, Feb. 15.-^
Baron von Stcrhberg, the German
Embassador, held an important con
ference with" President Roosevelt at
the. White House this morning and
then called upon Secretary Hay.
The Russian delay in replvinc: to
Hay's note. is attributed to the desire
of the St. Petersburg Government to
communicate with its commanders in
the field concerning it. The. 1ques
tion now is: "What will be the 'next
*tcp: of -thepowers committed; to the
Special Dispatch to The Call.
principle of -China's neutrality and the
restriction *6f' hostilities?"
On. the authority.'/of . a high/State
Department official it can be said that
this ' Government 1 is 1 disposed to "rest
on r its oars,'' how* that the powers are
committed to the principle. 'This offi
cial said that 'there would ' be no fur
ther circular; 'notes. , but '. that; the pow
ers . would i merely • await such '.time • as
there-. might;be;a, violation of."neutral
ity] beforc'^taking-" .■concurrent; action
against : such; .breach. For instance]
if Japanese 'troop's "should progress into
Chinese territory beyond Manchuria,
or the -Russian soldiery occupy towns
in the. same region, the powers which"
have agreed to insure China's neutral
ity would confer and give China the
alternative of correcting this breach
of neutrality herself or having foreign
troops- go in to doit. - ;
\ Hay's idea in sending the note was,
however, to prevent' the powers inter
ested in. China being compelled to
send troops there. In iqoo the out-
Continued on Pace 2. Column 1. _
Alwuar— "TheMJharity 3»u. I K-
Alh*»*ra--"Tlie v KiltW>;Band;» >
California — "D evil's *
Oatral — "The Men of ' Jim to we."
Chutes — Vaudeville. " * .
Columbia — "Otiello."
PiscJiar'i — "Boly-Poly."
Grand— """Whoou-Bee-D 00."
lyric Hall — Blaavelt Concert.
Orpheam — Vaudeville.
Tivolt — "When Johxny Cemei
Marchlstr Home."
JAPANESE TO LAND
NEAR NEWCHWANG
Russians Sight the Enemy's Patrols
at Points Far Inland in
Manchuria.
ST. PETERSBURG. Feb. 16.— A
dispatch has been received from Vice
roy Alcxieff, dated February IS, say
ing:
"Captain Reitzenstein, commanding
the Russian cruiser division, tele
graphs that his division destroyed a
steamship in Sangari (Tsugaru?)
Straits.
"A violent storm, accompanied by
heavy snow, has been raginjj for three
days and nine degrees of frost has
been registered. The enemy has not
been encountered." . :-^
Major General Pflujy. Viceroy Alex
ieff's chief of staff, telegraphs that the
situation at Port Arthur yesterday
was unchanged.
Reports from Yinkau. Newchwang,
he says, declare that the Japanese arc
preparing to land at Tsinjenda. A
message received from the frontier
guard says that mounted patrols, be
lieved to be Japanese, were seen yes
terday in the .vicinity of Hsinming
ting, northwest of Mukden.
No Japanese battleships have been
seen in the roadstead of Tatungkau,
at the mouth of the Yalu River.
LONDON, Feb. 16.— The volumi
nous dispatches from the Far East
published here this morning are again
characterized by absence of real light
on ~the, situation. Numerous uncon
firmed and. conflicting rumors are
given, and among them is a report of
another engagement. at Port Arthur,
in which the Russians lost eight ves
selo sunk and ten captured. '
A correspondent of the Daily Mail
who witnessed the engagement off
Port Arthur confirms this morning
his previous accounts of the fight and
asserts again that one Japanese tor
pedo boat was sunk and another de
set ted by its crew in a sinking condi
tion and probably captured by the
Russians. ., He says also that the
Japanese lost one battleship and had
one cruiser put out of action and that
the colonel of the Fifteenth Russian
Regiment was killed by a shell dur-
PRICE FIVE CEXTS
ins ihe bombardment.
Cablegrams to the Dailv Mail from
Weihahvei and Xewchwans: report a
Japanese fleet, with transports, cruis
ing in the Gulf of Pechili, apparently
with the idea of effecting a landing
near Port Dalny.
In connection with the rumors of
another bombardment at Port Arthur
the owners of the British steamship
Foxton Hall (from Barry December
12, via Port Said, for Port Arthur
with coal), which was detained by,
the Russians at Port Arthur, have re
ceived news that she has been de
stroyed by fire.
JAPANESE DETAIN
THE FRENCH CRUISER
PASCAL AT CHE3IULPO
SEOUL, Feb. 13.— The French
cruiser Pascal has been detained at
the last moment at Chemulpo, owing
to the objections raised by the Japan
ese authorities to the disposition of
the Russian refugees, which is con
sidered by them most unsatisfactory.
Twenty-three of the wounded Rus
sians landed at Chemulpo are now in
care of the Japanese Red Cross.
The Russian gunboat Rasbovnik has
been captured at Masampho bv .the
Japanese, who took her to Sasebo.
The capture is unimportant, the vessel
being of an obsolete type and almost
valueless.
Japan Docs Xot Need Dr. Senn.
CHICAGO. Feb. 13. — Dr. Nicholas
Senn. one of the organizers of the
Japanese Red Cross Society, who of
fered his services to the Mikado dur
ing the war between Russia and Ja
pan., to-night received a cablegram
saying: that they would not Be needed.
Gifts to Baroness tie Koson.
PARIS, Feb. lo. : — The correspond
ent in Tokio of the Petit Parisien ca
bles that subscriptions to the war loan
will close on March 10. The Empress
oi Japan, the correspondent says, pre
sented splendid sifts to Baroness de
Rosen, wife of the Russian. Minister,
before her departure from Tokia,2
PAINE'S CELEBT COMPOUND.
"Stopped My Nervous Headaches and
Made Me a Well Man As:ain."
That's Why Mr. C. B. Machlan, Prominent Young Indianapolis Business Man,
Joins the Thousands Who, With Voice and Pen,
Are Praising
Its Astounding Gifts of ., t T^
Health and Physical Energy, f "greatest health and nerve restorer in the world " ;
Its Jtarvclon* Congnestsi of Slclmesi " ' , mr^ mm . J . „„,„... ...jiusi
C-Aory Compound that sounds from t ' '
his photograph —^not because he is Mr. J '
Maehlan — but because picture and letter « MR. CLAUDE B. MACHLAN. .
together prove the cure as strikingly as ♦ H j s Nerves Were Bad-Appetite Was Gone-Headache Was Chron-
ar.y others we have on file. The fact t lc-He Was Broken In Health, but from the First Doses of
that he is well known in Indianapolis is J Palne's Celery Compound He Began to Get Well.
immaterial. The richest and most noted * >t ,,,,,,,, »«»»«»»«« »>»«»«»« »»»»«•««
— or the poorest and most obscure in the"
land — men are men for all that; women and most effective medicine I have ever •••••••• »••••••» •••••••••
are women. The human system and taken. After being sick for a long time, J "Stomach and Heart and Lung's — "
human ills are the same. nervous and • unable to attend to busi- ( , Uver and Bowels r.ad Brain — the"
ness I was advised to try Paine's Cel- ,, centre of all the LIFE, HEALTH '
IT EEMADE THIS MAW. ery Compound, which I did with pleas- «■ «d TOAMTY to th« =?^"i »«•«£ \\
ink results, and in a short time I was " %„£*}?%„ 8^™ » e y0Ur
Orerwcr* Had Bmd Out Hi. Kerr. abfe to return JJ who ;; ..W»- , it^ real^.ouxce^
Force*. " re . r ? n /?°, W w Pn™«n»n? Th«- will '• Dartmouth University— Famous Dls-"
North M-eymouth. Mas,.. Dec. 24. 1903. a^greTt SSK^ Aer! } coverer of Pa.ne's Ce.er, Compound. j
"Paines Celery Compound is the best SON. - -»-«-»— . « . . » »•«».«»» ...... ♦—
POWERS WILL SEND TROOPS.
Continued From Pace 1, Column 5.
break by the Boxers took the. powers
by surprise. The allied military ex
pedition to Peking became necessary
and an agreement to respect the en
tity of China came later. Now Hay
takes time by the forelock and confi
dently believes the moral support of
the powers will stiffen the backbone
cf the Chinese Government's control
of the empire.
Nevertheless The Call correspond
ent was told by an Embassador to-day
that there would be an interchange of
views all around, so that if a sudden
emergency arose to require forcible
action there would be no delay in
bringing it to bear.
At the State Department the word
all day was: "We are only waiting for
Ruftia now."
Hay received Count di Cellere. the
charge of the Italian embassy, this
morning, and it was later learned that
Italy's acceptance of the policy had
been assured, as had that of all the
ether powers addressed except Rus
sia. Not all of these answers were
final*
Considerable excitement prevailed
in army circles in this city yesterday,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
OGococeoc«ooooo«oeo»oea©©©ooeeo©®eoooooGQoooo
i OFFER TO MENs
2 •
CJ *<rfL • * If you come to me jS
• dgf&Mf dwFF&\ mm/^\ and l tel1 7 °? that 1 A
O fiSIlI BRA'w&A can cure you rve sot O
n ! Lfy'la^S Kicu.'^M*/'' « <S^ jSJ^***!) confidence enough in a
S §!? !!p1 i&i$? r o **<*¥ my troatmcnt to takc o
O w»'»rw8 i^xH^ Jffir r '' 1 ttie c^ ances - I am O
* $PliBl J8m$W^J\2i&££P^ curing hundreds of Q
O ! r'^SisrV^sl'^^SS ¥l^ s&i^r weak men and women Q
C ! f^t^^^*^ tir^ every day, and I ©
'.? j H^^?^ BT know what I can euro Q
S | nj**f » V and what ca n't- If I say that I can 0
;- * I cure Jou and I fail I w511 ®
3 \t J J kron ' that no man remains a weak- 5
9 feWs^^^gC'V I n Hnp because ho. wants to. I am sure 5»
y ►£ I / if that you Vi ' ant l0 overcome every indica- S
It AC tlon °^ early deca y tliat lias shown itself S
f> r^^^'f^r^^^^\y\i}/Pi on >' 011 - ! don't thhik the man lives who «
9 would not like to fool as big and strong 5J
« '-■%] Ji'^liVV^^iaftiTt'Tr^-- HS a Sandow. and I know tliat if you J?
•i 'i'^vii :'*££$? 155>c§S?x\^>s^ have a reasonable foundation to build ~J
!t "jit' 1 -ii *¥2hZc53jf/j rZ$S^>? upon 1 can make you a biggrr man than ©
2 \'-'tJ^^ r^jrr,'/i\y?\\S. > > ou ever hoped to be. 1 want you to 0
® V™W§r7\rMv YX\ OOv know that, you who can't believe it, and Q
O f)$»%T I/V v\ I want you to have my book, in which I ©
0 &&''% * II ft \ describe how I learned that strength a
t% h>*l'is&* / Y'fli was only electficity, and how I learned Z
O %fJvt&? H£nI to restore it: also I want to tell you the 2
O 3«$s« A !v **lk ' names of some men who will tell you 2
« !»&•'« /^^^ that when they came to me. they were ®
n. Ka"* • physical wrecks, and are now among the ©
** vXit *iss finest specimens of physical manhood. (d
rt Dr. McLaughlin — Dear Sir: Your Belt Is succeeding in xny case beyond all ex- 5
2? p^ctatiens, and I am coming to the city to call upen you eo that you may nee the ©
w great ehanpe in my condition. Yours truly, ■ I. L. SHELBY. ©
0 Santa Cruz. Cal., December 17, 1003. Q
*~ I want you to read my book and learn the truth about my arguments. •
*■ Jf you are not as vigorous as you would like to be, if you have rheumatic Q
© pains, weak kidneys, loss of vitality, prostatic troubles, nervous spells ©
9 varlcocele or any ailment of that kind that weakens you. It would assure A
a you future happiness if you would look into this method of mine. Don't a
a delay it, your best days are slipping by. If you want this book I send it X
I, closely scaled free if you send this ad. Call for free consultation. **
1 DP M CMd auo-hlin 906 Market St. 8
eoceooo3coeeo©o©«©oo®©oo©ooooo©ooG©O9©o9«0ooQ
due to the receipt of a dispatch from
Washington by Major Devol in re
gard to the immediate placinc of the
transports now lying in this harbor in
condition to sail. All of the vessels
are ready for sea and only need to
have the stores placed on board. They
are the Crook, the Meadc. the War
ren, the Buford and the Logan. The
Sherman also is here, but she has al
ready been scheduled to sail to Ma
nila on March 1 with the Twelfth In
fantry and 500 recruits.
Stationed at the Presidio at present
are the Tenth, Twentv-eiehth and
Twenty-seventh Infantries. These
regiments have been drilling: hard for
weeks, evidently in expectation of
emergency orders, and they are pre
pared to sail at a few hours' notice.
Which of these regiments will be
called upon to go to eastern waters on
the first transports sailing: is the ques
tion which puzzled the commanding
officers at the post yesterday.
The transport warehouse here has
recently been loaded up with big sup
plies of merchandise, clothing, provis
ions and bedding for use in a cold cli
mate, and these goods are readv to g:o
on the transports at a moment's no
tice.
JAPAN'S NEW CRUISERS
ARRIVE IN SAFETY IN
TORT OF YOKOSUKA
YOKOHAMA, Tuesday. Feb. 16.—
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 1004.
The cruiser Nisshin arrived safelv at
Yokosuka at 9 o'clock this morninj?
and the cruiser Kasasra at 11 o'clock.
These two vessels, recently purchased
from the Argentine Republic, will in
crease materially the preponderance
of the Japanese naval strength.
PORT SAID. Feb. 15.— The Rus
sian battleship Oslabaya, the volun
teer fleet itransport Saratoff and four
torpedo bpat destroyers are at Jebel
Zukuh, in the Red Sea, ninety miles
from Babel-Mandeb, and the volun
teer fleet transport Smolensk and an
other destroyer are at £)aedalus, on
the Red Sea.
TYPICAL RUSSIAN '
CITY IN THE CENTER
OF MANCHURIA
WASHINGTON, Feb. 15.— What, the
Russians have accomplished at Har
bin, the great inland metropolis of
Manchuria, is told in a report to the
State Department by Miller, the Amer
ican Consul at Newchwang. Harbin
Is on the Sungari River, at the junc
tion of the Manchurian branch of the
Siberian Railway, and the Chinese
Eastern branch, where it starts south
to Dalny, Port Arthur being distant
from the last point 600 miles. Miller
says Harbin is destined soon to become
the commercial center of Manchuria,
as it is the geographical center, and
that the city on all sides for hundreds
of miles is surrounded with a rich and
productive agricultural country. Of
the administration of this metropolis
Miller says:
"It Is as distinctly a Russian city as
though it were located in the heart of
Russia, and none but Russians and
Chinese are permitted to own land, con
struct buildings or engage in any per
manent enterprise. The city has been
created by the Russian Government
under the management of the Manchu
rian Railway Company. The land for
many miles in each direction' has been
secured against foreigners, who are not
recognized as having any rights what
ever, but are permitted there merely
on sufferance."
With a population of 12,000 in 1902,
Harbin by the census of last year
showed 60,000 inhabitants, exclusive of
soldiers. Only 700 of the inhabitants are
foreigners. There are no Americans.
The city has elegant administration
buildings, railway shops costing more
than $1,000,000, hospitals; commercial,
technical, Russian and Chinese schools;
clubs, hotels and a bank, representing a
total investment in buildings alone of
$15,450,000.
The capital of the foremost enter
prises is supplied by Siberian Jews.
Harbin was started primarily as a mil
itary center and an administrative
town for the government and direction
of railway affairs. Its marvelous com
mercial development was an after
thought.
Orders for the Io\v.a.
NEW. YORK. Feb. 15. — Somewhat
extra ordinary orders received at the
Brooklyn navy yard. to-day led to the
spreading of the rumor that the de
partment is preparing to send the bat
tleship Iowa to the Far East. The
rumors were caused by the receipt of
orders to replace the suns on the
Iowa that were damaged during re
cent tests. by two guns of similar sizd
from the battleship Indiana, which
i3 at present out of commission; " : .
A Guaranteed Cure for Files.
Itching, Blind. Bleeding or Protruding Piles.
Tour druggist will refund money u Pazo
Ointment falls to cur* you In 6 to li days. 50a*
JAPANESE TROOPS MOVE
AT NIGHT AND SECRECY
CLOAKS MOBILIZATION
Assembling of Forces at Various
Military Bases Is Proceeding
VV ltllULLL llll-IvlCllL.
SHANGHAI, Feb. 15.— Advices from
Nagasaki dated Friday, February 12,
state that absolute reticence is main
tained by the Government. An intense
war feeling prevails among all classes,
although there la an apparent absence
of excitement. Among the striking
features of the situation are the strict
censorship which is exercised over all
cablegrams and the close concealment
of military and naval movements. It
has been the Government's policy to
have the news of naval conflicts come
as a complete surprise. The Japanese
themselves | did not know the destina
tion of their warships. The news of
Japanese successes has caused sup
pressed exultation. The only demon
strations have been made by news
boys, wearing bells, who are constantly
scurrying through the city with "ex
tras" which. are frequently issued by
the papers. These are eagerly read
and occasional shouts of "Bansai," the
Japanese hurrah, are heard on the
street.
A torchlight procession in honor of
the Japanese triumphs was called for
Wednesday evening in Nagasaki, where
there is a large colony of Russians.
When the Japanese began to assemble
with lanterns the police intervened and
dispersed the crowd, without the oc
currence of. any disorder.
The Russians in Japan are not ter
rified by the situation, but nevertheless,
acting on the advice of their Consuls,
Jiiey have begun a general exodus.
The mobilization of the Japanese
army has been carried out methodically.
It is estimated that 300,000 troops are
now ready to be placed in the field,
without impairing the national de
fenses. The movements of the troops
are shrouded in secrecy. They are be
ing moved at night toward such bases
as Sasebo, Kure, Moji and Yokosuka,
and the lights of ordinary trains are
extinguished when in the neighborhood
o: troop trains.
Members of the reserve force im
mediately step into the places of the
out-going regulars. Their organization
TO-DAY'S WAR NEWS.
IJcwvy reinforcements for Russia are rciwrted as moving toward
Ifurbia and through Manchuria.
Japan has already landed 20,000 troops at Chemulpo.
Belated reports of the naval action at Chemulpo continue to flow
In, evidently having: been held up by the censor and released en bloc.
These reports bear further testimony to the coolness and inflexibility
of the Japanese admiral, the courage of the Russian commander and
his men in moving out to a hopeless fljjht and the evident sympathy of
the naval commanders. of the other powers gathered In Chemulpo for
the officers and men who so gallantly went forth to certain defeat and
probable death.
As grave international questions have arisen from the acts of the
naval commanders, it is' gratifying to note that the captain of the
United States cruiser Vicksburg made every effort to keep himself and
his nation free from entanglements.
From Port Arthur comes the unexpected announcement that the
Russian fleet is moving in, the direction of Korea or the south of Japan.
Tjvo of the injured battleships, it is said, have been repaired and are
with the fleet. v The news lacks -verification. If true Japan's move
ment "of troops 'to 'Chemulpo is threatened and the Mikado's fleet must
fight a decisive battle for the control of the sea.
is perfect and a full equipment is ready
for each one of the reserves.
Hundreds of hotels, tea houses and
temples have been requisitioned in To
kio and other divisional centers. All
the steamships of Japanese merchant
lines are being rapidly converted into
auxiliary cruisers,- armed with quick
firing guns and fitted with torpedo
tubes.
The Government officials refuse to
give out any information regafding
their military intentions. They expect
to profit by dissensions in the Russian
Council of State. It is believed that
the extraordinary powers conferred on
Viceroy Alexieff will lead to a clash
between Foreign Minister • Lamsdorff
and General Kuropatkin, especially as
the latter Is unfriendly to Alexieff.
The disagreement between these two
Russian leaders is expected here to end
in a military muddle. The Japanese
are convinced that the Russians will
be unable to concentrate and maintain
50,000 troop3 at any important point of
military operations.
There is much talk current in. regard
to the possible dynamiting of the Rus
sian railroad In Manchuria. Thousands
of Japanese, who are practically un
distinguishable from Chinese, are work
ing in Manchuria and would willingly
risk their lives for their country's cause.
A large body of troops Is due in
Nagasaki on Saturday to embark on
transports for Korea.
A protective system 1 of mines has
been placed about the entrance of
Nagasaki harbor. Yokohama also Is
guarded by mines. ■/
Several Russian merchant vessels
which have been captured and have
been held as prizes have been taken
to Sasebo, where they are -well guarded.
All passing steamships are closely in
spected by a, flotilla o$-torpedo-boats.
Nine transports fitted " with - stables
on their_ decks were lying at Mojl on
Saturday, February 13.
POWERS SAFEGUARD r^ ;
RUSSIA IN_ AGREEING
"TO TlAY'S PROPOSAL
PARIS, Feb. 15.— The Foreign' Office
to-day confirmed the announcements
made in these; dispatches.. on Saturday
that Russia and France approved of the
United States note on the subject of
Chinese neutrality, with a reservation
excluding Manchuria. '
The success of the American initia
tive to bring about the neutralization of
China and the limitation of the area of
operations continues to absorb official
and diplomatic . attention,- the results
effected being considerd paramount to
the actual war operations., It is said
that the second American note and the
various reclies will constitute an ac
cord of, the powers without signing a
further agreement.
The American officials here expect
Russia to issue a declaration similarto
that of the Japanese, favoring the prin
ciples of the accord, but the French
Foreign Office -understands that Rus
sia's brief approval, already given, con
stitutes Russia's response. .
TJie general view, including that of
the American officials, is that' the ac
cord will prove of inestimable benefit
in limiting the conflict strictly to Rus.
sia and Japan, thus keeping out Great
Britain, France, : China and all other
powers, and also /circumscribing : the
zone of the 'conflict. This , view, how
ever, is not accepted by, every one, cer
tain high quarters; holding that : Russia
secured real benefits from the accord by
the indirect; admission; of the powers
tor the time i that • Manchuria \ is • to : be
treated differently from the rest of
China, The i American , answer to this
is that Manchuria is excluded from the
qocord merely, because ; actual war op
erations are proceeding there, but there
is reason* to bejleve that Russia at-
taches much importance to the powers
excepting Manchuria from the accord
dealing with China.
The* only advices received here con
cerning the operations in the field show
the gradual, concentration , of Russian
and Japanese trgops near the Yalu
River.
A question has arisen concerning the
powers' acceptance of the third clause
cf Japan's declaration relative to her
recognition of China's neutrality. This
clause approves China's neutrality, but
adds 7hat China will be expected to
maintain garrisons at Shanhaikwan
and other strategical points. It is said
that the European powers will not ap
prove of this condition, as It will have
the effect of requiring China to do gar
rison'duty helpful to Japan and indi
rectly prejudicial to Russia. It is also
claimed that the condition is contrary
to the spirit of strict neutrality contem
plated by the American note.
Jaures, leader of the Socialist party
(which holds the balance of power in
Parliament), until recently Vice Presi
dent of the chamber, has made a dec
laration, contemplating the immediate
denunciation of the Franco-Russian
alliance, which has attracted a great
deal of attention in diplomatic circles.
The declaration was made at St.
Etienne, where the Socialist Congress
is sitting. According to the St. Etienne
Tribune, the Socialist organ In that
city; Jaures said:- ~
"Elapsed years and past experience
have demonstrated that Germany,
from which aggression was to be ex
pected, does not wish for war. Experi
ence shows that the alliance with Rus
sia, which has been directed, above all,
first against Germany, has lost the
reasons for its existence."
According to the Petite Republique, a
Socialist paper of Paris, Jaures said:
"Do nothing which will provoke
Japan and nothing which will provoke
England, and then denounce the alli
ance that has become dangerous. Let
us defend ourselves."
French politicians recognize that
there is considerable difference be-
tween the St. Etienne Tribune's report
and that of the Petite Republique, but,
whatever were Jaures 1 exact words,
his consideration of the Franco-Rus
sian alliance will have a decided bear
ing, should it become necessary for
France to be placed in the position of
having: to decide whether or not to
support Russia.
TEXT OF PEKING'S
DECREE DECLARING
CHINA'S NEUTRALITY
WASHINGTON, Feb. 15.— Under date
of February 13 Sir Chentung Liang
Cheng, the Chinese Minister, has trans
mitted to the State Department a,
translation of the imperial decree pro
claiming the neutrality of China in the
Russo-Japanese war. The decree fol-"
lows:
"Whereas, A state of war now exists
between Japan and Russia; and
"Whereas, In view of the friendly re
lations existi-ng between this Govern
ment and the governments of both the
said countries. It behooves China to
take proper steps for the maintenance
of a strict neutrality;
"We hereby command, therefore, the
Manchu generals. Governors General
and the Governors of all provinces that
they issue orders to all civil and mili
tary officers under their direction and
enjoin all subjects and persons residing
within their jurisdiction to observe
strict neutrality between the contend
ing powers, with a view to the preser
vation of good feeling and general
quiet, and to commit no act, intention
ally or unintentionally, in violation
thereof."
Cnble Communication Restored.
The Commercial Cable Company is
advised that the cable, which was in
terrupted between Hongkong and
Foochow, is repaired, restoring nor
mal means of communication between
these points and also with Shanghai
and JaDan.
DB. SHOOP'S REMEDIES.
TheBook Tells You How
To Get Well At My Risk
' If r««i want to feel better
If you \vant more xtrengtli.
If you uck ambition. -
If you can't do tilings like you used to.
If your nerves— your courage— is leaving yon
If vouY ennfidence in yourself is ]e*s.
If you lack vim, vigor, vitality.
If something- is eatmt away your constitution
A>k me by letter for (he book.
" Don't send a penny. Let me take the risk. &
Let me tell you of ■ druggist near you who wilt grVe
yi>H nix bottles Dr. Shoon's Restorative on a month'*-
trial. Take it and nee for yourself what 'it will do.
■Then decide
No cost — not * penny— if you say, "I am no better."
l>on't leave it »o tlie druggist— nor to me. We might
he prejudiced.
' ' You; you alone, shall say the word, whether you pay
fs jo or nothing. The druggist can't complain He
W to hill the cost to me at your say so.
Try Dr. Snoop's Restorative at my risk. Not a
penny if it fails ,
i It's a two-cent sump— or a postal — against six bottles-
of my Kestorative — against *s $o, their cost. Don't you
> liegin to believe the Restorative can. do something un~
usu? 1 for the sick? I have found, Idng ago, how cer-
tain it h, how seldom it fails.
I'll risk my reputation on it. And the cost of the
medicine too. I know, and 1 want you to know. This
. is my way of gaining vour interest. Others don't do it
that way. It's pay anyway with them. Ask me for tli*
bnok you need. -
liWriie me. Now— today, "
c-, , '._.,_ Book I on Dyspepsia.
S Simply state which Book « on the Heart,
book you want and Book 3 on the Kidneys,
address Dr. shoop. 5°° k 4 t or Women -' -
j^-i ■ irin ' p..i.. Book - 5 f °r Men
box i>6J0. Racine. (sealed).
Wls. . ' Book 6 on Rheumatism
, Mild cases, not chronic, are often cured
with one or two bottles.' . At druggists'.
ADVEBTISElJCEirTS. ; _
MODELS. M
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Ar.d one that x you can depend on every
i day in the week. Made of the finest
| tempered steel. Constructed for wear
! rather than ornament. Has a touch
like a feather. Impossible to get a
j better value for the money.
: All my cutlery is high class and of
: such standard makes as Wostenholm's
I X I;, Jordan's, Stiletto, Henckel's
and other well-known brands.
I have good POCKET KNIVES at
prices ranging from .*5Oc up.
SCISSORS, good ones, as low as
25c
Two bars "Williams' 10c Shaving
Soap. iTtv.
Order by mail if you're out of town.
THAT MAN PITTS.
F. W. PITTS. The Stationer.
10C8 MASKE? ST., Above Powell.
SAN* FRANCISCO.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
I CALIFORNIA \ - I
LIMITED TO CHICAGO M
; LEAVES DAILY R
at 9:30 a. m., through in 3 days, H
with diner and all trappings. 8
| sgns^cimiTaFnw^Mti^iwBsj-siiiitJMtgsj^!-)-!
Other Santa Fe Trains:
7 -30 a. m."> for gtockton, Freano. Bakersfleld.
0:30 a. m.V Merce d, Hanford and Visalla.
s:0O p. m. J
4:0O d. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon and
■ Chicago.
TICKET OFFICES— 641 Market St. and
Ferry Depot, S. F. Also 1112 Broad-
. way, Oakland, Cal. 27 South First St.,
San Jose.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO ANj NORTH PACIFIC
SAILWAY COMPAITir.
Tiburon Perry, foot of Market Street.
SAH FRA2TCISCO TO SAN EArAEIi.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30, 9:00, 11:00 a. in.; 12:Ja,
3 - .o0, 5:10, 0:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11:30 v. ni.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1 :3O.
3:3O. 5:00. «:-'0. 11:30 p. m.
SA2T SAPAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS — 6:0J, 7:33. 7:50, »:iO. 11:15
a m. ; 12:50, 3:40, 5:00, 5:20 p. m.
Saturdays— Extra trip at 2:05 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:40. 11:15 a. m.; 1:40.
3:40, 4:50, 5:00, 6:25 p. m.
Leave I In Effect 1 Arrive
San Francisco.] Sept. 2T, 1903. [San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I Deetina. i Sun- 1 Week
Days. I days. | tion. ] days. | Days.
7:30a S:00a 0:10 a| 8:40a
9:30 a Ignacio. 10:40a:10:20a
3:30 p 3:30 p 6:03 p 6:20 p
5:10 p| 5:00 p 7:35 p|
7:30 a 9:10 a S:40a
S:00a Novato. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:?0p 9:. o .0d Petaluma 6:0f> p 6:20 p
5:10 pi 3:30 p and 7:33 p
f 5:00 p Santa Rosa.
7:30 a 10:40ajlO:20a
S:00a Fulton. 7:35 p{ 6:20 p
3:30 p 3:30 p j
Wlndeor. i '
7:30 a 8:00 a Healdsburs. 10:40 a 10 20 a
Liytton.
3:30 p 3:30 p Geyscrvllle, 7:35 p 6:20 p
Cloverdale. |
I 7:S0 a! 8:00 &[ Hopland 110:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p| 3:30 p| and Ukiah. | 7:35 p 6:20 p
7:30 7Ts 00 a| WllUts. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:W> al !10:4O a|10 20 a
3:30 p| 3:30 p| Guerneville. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 6:0O at Sonoma I 9:10 al 8:40 a
5:10 p| 5:00 p] Glen Ellen. | e:05*p| 6:20 p
7:30 al S:CO al (10:lt0 all0:20 a
3:30 p| 3:30 p| Sebastopol. | 7:S5 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Qut>ntin; at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs: at Fulton for Altrurla and Mark Weal
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
serville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloyerdale for
the Geysers. Booneville and Greenwood- at
Hopland for Duncan Springs, Hluhland Springs
KelseyvtUe, Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay LakV
port and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs. Upper Lake, PoiS
Potter \ alley, John Day^s, Riverside, LlerlVa
Bucknells. Sanhedrin Heights, Hullville Orr's
Hot Springs Halfway House. Comptche.' Camp
Stevens. Hopkins. Mendocino City. Foft Bratr
Westport. Usal: at Willits for Fort bSkk
Westport. Sherwood. Cahto. Coveilo Lavton-
villc. Cummings. Bell's Springs, Harris Ot
sen's. Dyer. Garberville. Pepperwood. Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Sunday rcund-trlp tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket offices. 630 Market -street. Chronicle
building-.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN
.Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
WIT. Tamalpais Railway
Leave TJa SiusUto ftrrr j Arrive
SaoFrancfaco Fest tf Mark* 8t San Francisco
Week Sun- _SXBL Sun- Week
Day^- day^ jf£s2p£!lk. days Days.
•U.Mi*8looT (&M£gh IsToFp fol4Ol
•1:4Sp 9:00a gg^f l:ZHr 2:50?
6:16p 10:00a «H^^^V »:*Op fl:50p
ll:O0 A \g||S|s^ 4:5Op »:5O»
*»MS«t witt stsgs kt * Kssss sad Tglsy Csf
1 nCUI J 62ti Mahklkt ST.,(Nortii Shors RiilroadJ
IRU23 ) ind SADUUToFmr, Foot Markot St.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Train. ■~-J v »^VNGMCO. M ' lir " M
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street.)
j»AT« — FKOM g«B»CA»Y 1. liH)4. — A*«rT
7.004 V«c»t111c. Winters. Itumsey 7-50*
7.00a Benlcta, Sulsua, Elmira snd aser*-
mento 7.20F
7 JO k Vallsjo. Xapi, Cs-llstoga. SinU
ICosa, Martinez, Saa Ramon I-ZCP
7-30a Nlies. LlTermore, Tracy, Lathrop.
Siockroa 7 20F.
800a Shnst.i Express— (Via Davis).
Williams (for Dartlm Springs).
Willow*. tFruto. UeU Bluff.
Portland. Tsconaa, Seattle 7.5UP
8 00* Davis. Woodland. Knisbts Landing.
Marvsvllle. Orovllie 7.50*
••30a Fort Costa, Martinez. Antloch.
Byron. Tracr, Stockton. N'ew-
' mm, Los Banos. M c n d o t n,
Armona, JUnford. Ylsslla,
PorMnrllle 4.20»
8 -30*. Port Costa, Marilaez. Tracy. L*ift-
rop. Modesto, Merced. Fresno.
Oonhen Junction. lUatorJ,
VUsI!». Barkenfleld 450»
8J0a Ktles, San Jose. Llvermore. Stock-
ton. (+Mllton). lone, 8acramento,
Plscerrine. MsrjSTllle. Chico,
Kcd Blnft 4.20*
8.30a Oskdale. Cnlne?e. Jamestown. So-
nont. Toolamne and Angels 4-20p
900a AO»nttcExpres»— OgrtensndEMt. 11.20a
9.30a Rlenmoud. Marttnex »nd W»y
Stations 6-50t
1000a Tho Overland Limited — Ogden.
DenTer, Ctm.ilia, Chicago. 8.20?
1000a Vsllejo :- 12.20*
10. CO a Los Angeles Pa«senger — Port
Costa. Martinez. Byron. Tracy.
Lathrop. Stockton. Merced.
Raymond. Fresno. Oosben Junc-
tion, Hunford. Lemoore. Vlsalta.
Bakersfleld. Los Angeles 7.2f>
2.00* Hayward. Nllcs »nd Way Stations. 3.20*
H.OOf Bacrsmento IiiTer Steamers ti l.OOr
330r Bcnlcia. Winters, Sacramento.
Woodlaial, Knights Landing,
Marysvlile. OroTillo and wsy
stations *9-§?*
3.30* Hayward, Nllesnnd Way Stations.. 7.50*
5.30r Port Costa. Martinez. Byron.
Tracy. Lathrop. Modesto,
Merced, Fresno snd Way Sta-
tions beyond Port Costa 1220*
3.30* Martinez. Tracy. Stockton, Lodl... 10.20a
4.C0* Martlnez,San lUmon.Vallejo.Kapa,
Calls toga, Santa Rosa. 9-2&A
•400p Klles. Tracy. Stockton. Lodt 42OP
4.30* Uayward. Ntles. Irrlngton, San I 18.50a
Joae. Livermore I (11.50a
E COr Tbe Owl Limited — Kewman. Los
Banos. Memlots. Fresno. Toiare,
Bakersfleld. Los Angeles.
Golden State Limited Sleeper,
Oakland to Los Angeles, for Chi-
cago, via C. R. I. A P *.. 8.50k
5. COr Port Costa. Tracy. Stockton .•;... .4 12-20*
tS30* Hayward. Nllcs and San Joae ..... 7.20a
S-OOp Hayward. Nlles and San Joso. 9-iQ*
■410* Eaaturn Exprru — Ojrden. Denver.
Omaba, St. LoaU. CnJcago and
East. Port Costa. Benlctaw Sul-
ssn, Elmira, Darts, Sacramento,
Kocklln, Auburn. Colfax. . -
Truckee. Boca. Reno, "Wads-
worth, Wlnnemacca- 6.20*
6.00* Vallejo. dally, except Sunday.... I 7 E n*>
7.00* Vallejo. Sunday only f '■"'*'_
7X0* hlchmond. san PaMo. Port Costa.
Marttnes and Way Stationa 11.20a
CCS? Oregon * California Express— Sao>
ramento, MarysTttle, Reddtog.
Portland. Paget Sound and East. 8.50a
8.1C* Hayward. Nlles and San Jose (8o»
dayenly) 11-50»
COAST LINE Marrow Uan 3 e).
(Foot of Market Street.)
8-1 5a Newnrlc. CenterTllle. San Joae,
Trlijou, Boalaer Creek. Santa
Cruz and Way Stations 8-53*
12.15* Newark, Centerrille, San Josa. - .
Kew Alms.den.Los Gatos.FeHon.
lioulder Creek. Santa Crux and
Principal Way Stations ttO SSa
4.1E* Newark. San Jose, Los Oatos and I tS.6S4
way stations ItlOaaA
(9.30* Hanters Train. Saturday only. San
Jose and Way Stations. Return-
Ing from Lnn Gatos Sunday only. X7 25*
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN ri: AN CISCO, Foot of Market St. -311? <»
-t?:» >:00r 11:00 a.m. 1.00 300 5.1^ p.m.
From OAKLAND, Koot of Broadway — t«:UU 13:01
f3:03 10:00 A.M. 1200 2 CO 400 r.M.
COAST LINE (Kroad «a«««).
. tar* (Third »nU fown»8nd Streof.) >
6. 10a San Jose and Way Stations fi.3Qp
700a S«b Jose and Way Sl*tlon» 5.3S*
. 800a New Ahnaden (Tues., Frld.. only), 4-1U»
800a The Coaster— Stops only San Jose,
■ Gllroy (connection for Hoi Ha-
ter), Pajaro. Castroyllle (con-
nection to and from Monterey
and Pacific UroTe). Salinas. San
Anlo. Paso RoMea.. Santa Mar- -
garlta. San Luis Ubtspo. principal .
. arattona tbence 8<irf (connection*
for Lompoc). principal stations
thence Santa Barbara.San.Buen>-
. Ventura, Saugus. Los Angeles... 13 45*
I.COa 6na Jose. Tres Picon, Capitols,
SantaCruz.PsctQcGroTe.Saltnas,
San Lull Obtspo and Principal
Way Stations 4-10»
10.30a Can Jose and Way SUtlons 1-20*
1130a Santa Clara. San Jose. Loa Gatoa
- and Way Stations 7.30p
1 30r Ban Jose and Way Stations 8 35a
.8.00* Del Monte F.xpress— Santa Clara,
Ban Jo»e, Del M.>ute. Monterey. ■
ytclflc Grove (connects »t Santa
Clara for Santa Cruz. Boulder
Crefk and Narrow Gauge Points)
at Gllroy for Holltster. Tres
Plnos. at CastroTtUe for SaMaas. 12 .15*
8-30* Trea Pino* Way Passenger 10 4Hx
4.30* Saa Jose and Way Stations *8-C3a
fS0O>" Saa Jose. (vt% Santa Clara) Los
Gatos. and* Principal Way Sta-
tions (except Sunday) *9 CO*
ih-ZQr San JoieandPrinclpslWay Stations 1940a
SCO* Sunset Limited.— Hedwoed. S.u
Jose, Ollroy.SaUnas.Paso Uobles,
Ean Lois Oblspo. Santa B*rnara.
Los Angeles. Iteming. Kl Paso,
New Orleans, New Tork. Coo- .
sects at Pajaro for Santa Cruz :
■ and at CantroTillo for Pacific
Gror* and Way Staflons 7.10a
tS15* SsuMateo.Beresfonl.r.elmont.Saa
Carlos. Redwood, Fair Oaks,
MenloPark. Palo Alto tB-44»,
t 30* Ssn Jose and Wsy SMtlons. 6 3Sa
8-00* Palo Alto and Way Stations 10.15*
11.30* South 9an Francisco, MUlbrae. Bur- ,^
- llngame. San Mateo, Belmonc.
San Carlos. Kedwood. Fair Oaks.
Menlo Park, and P«>o Alto 9.45*
•11-80* Mayfleld. Mountain View. Sunny- :....
Tale. Lawrence, Santa Clara and
* San Jose t9.45>
A lor Morning Pfor Afternoon.
1 Sunday excepted. t Snndty only.
a Saturday only.
I Slops at all stations on Sunday.
sw'Only trains stopping at Valencia St. sontaboond
are 6: 10 a.k., 7:U0a.m.. 11 : 30 a.m., 3 tiXl p.*- 6:30 p. a. «dJ
l:C0 TJL _!__
ROSS VALLEY.
l^^^^r^^r^H VALLEY.
g^^S^fewi! Via Sausalito Terry.
Suburban Service. Standard Gauge _Elecirlc-.
ulu^Tm . 12:35. 2:00. 3:15. 4:08. 5:05. 6:05.
7:05. »:0O. l^gjg^ TRAI^- 3 .
aort «_ m daily— Cazadero and way station*.
|-i5 S* m. week days (Saturdays excepted)—
Tomalea and way stations.
3:13 P- m- Saturdays— Cazadero and wr -
St Sunda"ys only— 10 a. m.. Point Reyes and
way stations.
TICKET OFFTCE— 625 Market st
FERRY Union Depot, foot of Market at.
WeeHy Gall $1.00 DerYearMIKADO'S COMPREHENSIVE WAR PREPARATIONS
ARE DESCRIBED BY THE CALL'S CORRESPONDENT
Secret Movement
of Troops Be
fore War.
Japan Has 200,000
Men in Active
Service.
BY OSCAR KIXG DAVIS.
Epec'.al War Corr*>«pori<Iert of The Call
TOKIO. Jan. CO.— The best informa
tion now obtainable points to the be
ginning of hostilities between Japan
s^Tid Rusfia within a. very short time.
It seems rrobabie that before this let
ter reaches the California coast the
long: threatened war v.-ill be an .actual-'*
i*5\ yet on the surface there is v almost
no indication h<?re? bouts of the serious
crisis which the nation is facing. Out
xvar.iy Tokio, ar.d in fact all Japan,
vicars a calm such as would never be
Ehowni in the United States under sim
ilar circumstances. Tourists come and
SO in the usual way and the shops do
thrir customary bnsir.efp. The guides
btp al! <pn^agrd. although it is not the
tmsy season. Tho people are occupied
in thfir usual vocations. Xo crowds
Bather in the streets r.r public places
and there is no Fijm ot general excite
rnrnt. Five weeks ago there was much
more indication of thf nation's temper
and interest than now. But then the
newspapers were printing' every day
reports of tho preparations for war
rapidly going forward. The came an
imperial ordinance forhiddir.fr referenc2
to t! .■ movements of troops or war ves-
Bels. The little crowds that had gath
ered about the newspaper ofiices to
r^ad the papers posted on the bulletin
boards no linger collect there. War
"news" has almost entirely disap
pear d from the public prints, being
conlined now to vasrue hint? and to talk
about the "Fituation." A great conspir
acy rf silence lias b*»en formed, with
the whole Japanese people as the con-
Fpirator?. Reference to "the war" pro
duces a smile and ;. deprecatory wave
cf the hand* and th^t is all. The man
ner in which the nation has responded
to th? official injunction of silence is
extraordinary. The secrecy that began
officially has become popular, and now
:. dragnet would not turn up a Jap
anese who knew anything.
Uniy in the administrative oiTic.es are
there any Fis»ns of what is going on.
The peneral staff and the War and
Navy departments are busy — s>» busy
rhat It cannot be concealed. To one
accustomed to the manner in which the
American newspapers report such sit
uations the references in the local
papers are amusing. YesterJay there
was an important meeting; of the war
council. This' morning's papers frrcvely
record that such-ar.d-such gentlemen
met at such-and-?ut h a place yester
day morning at such an hour and con
tinued hi session for ?o m*ny hours.
Of ".'-hat they did cr discussed there is
not a hint. The movements of the
diff"rent officials are thus solemnly
chronicled, and nothing more.
MOVKMEXT' OF TROOPS.
Meantime the movement of troops
goes on steadily, bat at night. Rail
road traffic is not interfered with, at
>ara.not enough to attract public at
tention, and if it were no attention
xnould be paid to it. It is popularly
believed that the. entire army is ready
for any emergency. Certain prepar
atory pteps have b«>en taken which
it was useless to attempt to conceal.
such as the requisitioning of steam
ships of the great companies. But
beyond the fact that they have beon
taken over not a. word has reached
the public concerning these ships.
Many of them have European or
American officers. The captain of one
ADVSBXiSEMENTS.
1 This Cap LabeS h\
§v Is a guarantee cf the purity f|«
*S and richness of our g$8
1 Pe * H
it Evaporated m
p( $5,000 reward c§j
£[r to sr.ycr.e abb tc prove fo*£
Jcf our product
PERFECT
AN ELEGANT TOILET LUXURY
Used by people of refinement -
for over a quarter of a century
PREPARED BV
Honesty is the best policy '•■
Schilling's Best:
*» bak'rt-pjwder tpket
coffee ?a vorir.j extracts *oi*
Your grocer's; money back.
Ten Thousand Jap
anese Spies in
Manchuria.
of the big Nippon Yusen Kaisha lin
ers is a stockholder in a corporation
which is operating mines in Japan.
Recently an increase in the stock was
voted and word was sent to this cap
tain to know if he desired to take up
his allotment, his attorney not caring
to undertake such an important de
cision. There was no reply. The ship
had been requisitioned by the Govern
ment and it was understood that she
was at the Yokosuka naval station.
The attorney tried several times , to
get word to the captain. He went to
the navy department and explained
the business and the urgency of his
need of communicating with hi3 cli
ent. Yesterday he receiver) word that
there was no use in his making fur
ther efforts— no communication of
any sort would be permitted to
reach the captain, nor would he be
permitted to r-^ly if any communica
tion shouM : li him.
The. theory ..! all this is plausible.
Japan is not at war with Russia as
yet and she <loes not choose to have
Russia informed as to any prepara
tions she may be making for any such
an eventuality. Were they reported
with official consent or authority, it
could be easily represented by Russia
as an unfriendly act.
But in being correct Japan is act
ing like the man who stood up so
straight that he leaned over back
ward. A curious effect of her caution
is to be found in the book and picture
shops. Only a little while ago photo
graphs of the Japanese warships were
on common sale anrl albums showing
views of practically all the vessels of
the navy were hawked about. Pic
tures of naval and military men were
to be had at most of the photograph
shops, as well ar, many views of re
views, drills and sham battle?. Now
not one is to be had. All have been
srlthdrawn by order of the Govern
ment, as if it were possible for the
rtupsian.s .to obtain any information
from such a source of which they
have not long ago possessed them
selves.
HATRED OF THE RISSIAX
So secretly has the Government acted
that it is doubtful if a half-dozen men
in all Japan know to-day exactly what
all the row is about or could detail the
course o/ the negotiations with Russia
since the situation became dangerous
to peace. There have been notes and
notes, and replies and replies. Borne
were principal notes and some were
principal replies, and out of it all if one
had the time and patience a mosaic
eot'ld be patched up which probably
would fairly represent the truth. No
statement of any sort as to the causes
of the differences with Russia or their
character has been made by any one In
authority. The nation is on the verge
of war because of demands upon Rus
sia the nature of which the populace
does not pretend to know. Nor does it
care much. The fundamental causes of
the general hatred of Russia are well
known to every Japanese. The author
ities have no need to work up a public
pentfment for the war. On the contrary,
their tark is more in the way of re
pressing the belligerent feeling of the
people. The extraordinary patriotism
of the Japanese Will lead them to sup
port the war whatever Its causen. When
the time comes perhaps the four or five
statesmen at the head of affairs who
now know what all of these notes and
replies have said will think it wise to
make public their Information. If they
do the people will be glad; but if they
do not it will be all right, and there will
be no failure of enthusiasm for war on
that account.
It Is a situation which could not exist
in the United States. There is a care
fully directed campaign of secrecy,
which, involves watching everything
and everybody. Private and press tele
grams have been closely scrutinized for
some time, and a secret censorship has
been in force. The man who filed a
press telegram had no means of finding
out whether his message had been sent
or not, and if it were sent he had no
means of ascertaining whether it had
been garbled by the . censor. No one
knew who the censor was "or the loca
tion of his office, and it was useless to
attempt to find out anything about it
from any of the telegraph people. Pri
vate messages which were prepaid were
In a slightly better case. When words
were stricken from them . the sender
was notified in the course of a few days
and the money for those words refund
ed. He at least had the satisfaction of
knowing that his message had not gone
as he wrote It. .Now the censo rate has
been modified a little, and a press cor-
THE = SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 1901.
THE CALL'S SPECIAL COR
RESPONDENT . AT THE
SCENE OF WAR.
Island Empire Is
Deficient in
Cavalry.
respondent can learn within a day or
two after filing a message whether the
censor has stopped "from the. sixth to
the seventy-sixth word'-'- or not.
SYSTKM OF ESPIONAGE.
It !s a bad time for those who have
2ny underhanded business to transact.
Th? svFtt-ni Oi espionage covers 101
eigners and natives alike, and if there
is anything it misses it is very small.
The care which considers the possible
meaning of private telegrams also in
spects the goings and comings of pri
vate, oersons. The other day two
Amerk-ms came out of a hotel In To
kio and started for a morning walk.
Before they had gone far they discov
ered that thev were followed. Both
were husky men and th^y gave the spy
a merry <:hase for an hour. Then they
brought him back to the hotel, and
while one kept him occupied the other
went into the Jhotel and got an inter
preter. Then they demanded. to know
what he meant by following them.
There was an exciting debate, between
the interpreter and the other, then the
interpreter said:
"He says he is from the country and
has never been in Tokio before in his
life. You are the first foreigners he has
ever seen, and he. was so much inter
ested in your manner and your dress
and your talk that he followed you. He
meant no offense and asks your par
don." :
But all the time war preparations go
on rapidly. There is no question that
the Japanese authorities know exactly
what ther have to do to beat Russia.
Their military information is wonder
ful. When they went to war with <VhIna
ten years ago they, not only knew the
character of their enemy; they knew
the topography of the country over
which they expected to fight and they
knew the condition and equipment of
the Chinese troops. It is not too much
to say that they are now prepared
against the Russians fully as well as
against the Chinese, if not better. They
know as well as the Russians how
many Muscovite troops there are in
Manchuria and Eastern Siberia, and
where they are stationed. Ever since
the Russianization of Manchuria be
gan the Japanese have looked forward
to the time when they would fight, and
have prepared for it. They have stud
ied the country in minute detail.. Their
maps show the result of, this work. In
dividual huts and clumps of trees are
shown. Their knowledge of the ter
rain is complete. It is doubtful if the
Russians themselves areas, well in
formed as to ' the topography of the
battle ground, be It Manchuria or Ko
rea, as the Japanese. For some years
there have been in the neighborhood of
10,000 Japanese In Manchuria. and 30,000
jn Korea. Nearly every one of them
has been a source of Information to the
military authorities here, and V not. a
few of them have been military men In
one disguise, or another. ( V;. :"
SPIES IN ROLE. OF SERVANTS.
With false pigtails and in Chinese
dress they; have worked as servants
for Russians, understanding . and not
ing every word their masters said. It
is an "advantage ; the Russians can
never have. Their bulk, absolutely
prevents them ■ from undertaking any
such secret work with the Japanese
and they are „ forced ;to, rely upon Chi
nese for spies or upon, the very few
renegade Japanese they ; have .been
able to find, with • the added ' difficulty
that such Japanese are almost as .well
Splendid Navy the
Tokio Govern
ment's Hope.
known to their own Government as
to the Russians.
In the preparation of their war
maps the Japanese have a way of
making them first on a rather small
scale, showing a large field of opera
tions. Then smaller maps show more
in detail sections of the larger. . S>411
smaller sections are. shown in still
greater detail. I saw some of the
maps they used in the Boxer campaign
in China and they were marvelous.
Every bunch of trees and every hut,
every turn of the road, every change
of elevation was shown. The working
maps by which the column was guided
were only about two- feet square and
the seals was so large that they
showed but a small section of the
country.
Such estimates as the Japanese war
authorities have permitted to become
public fix the number of Russian
troops at present available for this
war as approximately 200,000. includ
ing the railway guards. It is prob
able that since tlmt estimate was
nublished the Russians had brought
forward all the reinforcements they
could, but the limitations of their
transportation make it doubtful if
such reinforcements have exceeded
40,000. To meet this force the Jap
anese are apparently relying on their
regular army. If they have any ex
pectation of calling out volunteers no
intimation of it has become known.
The army is organized on the skeleton
plan, each company in peace times
numbering about half what its full
war cuota is. There are twelve regu
lar divisions and the Imperial Guard,
which constitutes a division by itself.
Each division consists of two brigades
of infantry, each brigade being com
posed of two regiments. The regi
ment is organized like .our own. of
three battalions of four companies.
DR. PIERCE'S REMEDIES.
When Sandow poses and the muscles
ridge his back and knot His arms, we
think we have before us the very secret
of strength in those magnificent muscles.
But we haven't." Starve Sandow, or,
what is practically the same thing, let
him be dyspeptic, and his muscle would
soon fail. Strength is made from food
properly digested and assimilated, and
no man is stronger than his stomach, be-
cause when the stomach is di seased di-
gestion and assimilation are imperfect.
Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery
cures diseases of the stomach and other
organs of digestion and nutrition.' It
enables the perfect digestion and assim-
ilation of food so that the body is nour-
ished into perfect health and strength '.
"1 had what mv physician called indigestion.
He pave me medicine for the trouble but it did
me no good," writes Mr. W. H. Wells, of W.il-
lard, N. C. "I wrote to Dr. Pierce and stated
my case. Heeentme a descriptive list and hy-
gienic rules. I carried out these as best I could,
bought six bottles of his ' Golden Medical Dis-
covery ' and commenced taking it. A few days
later I noticed a great change. Felt like a new
man. Before I began the use of the
Medical Discovery ' I suffered greatly with pain
In stomach, my nerve* •eesjea all 'rnn-down, 1
I was very thin in flesh, but now can eat heartly
and sleep good at night."
Dr. Pierce's Common Sense Medical
Adviser is sent free on receipt of stamps
to pay expense of "- mailing only; Send :
twenty-one one-cent ' stamps for the pa-
per-covered book, or thirty-one ; stamps
for the cloth-bound volume. Address
Dr; R;v; Pierce. Buffalo; N,Y, ,
Japanese Empire
Fighting for
Its Life. I
Growth Compels
Acquisition of
Territory.
BY OSCAR KIXG DAVIS.
Special War Correspondent of The Call.
TOKIO, Jan. 30. — To understand fully
the critical situation in which Japan
now finds herself one must go back
into her history for many years. Un
doubtedly Russia's action in depriving
her of the fruits of her victory over
the Chinese in* the war of 1894-5 has
done much to crystallize among the
Japanese people the hatred which now
longs to find expression in armed ac
tion. But the ultimate cause lies much
deeper. . .
For 2000 years Japan has been Inti
mately associated with or concerned in
Korea. Many of her people came from
the hermit kingdom.' Her instruction
in the Buddhist religion was given by
Koreans. The beginnings of her civ
ilization were Korean. Subsequently
when she outgrew her preceptor she
conquered Korea and enforced tribute.
Now she fs the mentor and Korea the
pupil. In sentiment and in~religion
their ties are strong. Japan feels that
if there is to be any development of
the Korean peninsula in the wayu of
modern civilization it must come
through her agency. Moreover, a mat
ter of military necessity, the very life
of the nation depending upon it, Korea
must either be preserved in her integ
rity and Independence or come under
Japanese influence completely, if not
into Japanese possession.
But as long ago as 1882 the watchful
Japanese saw Russia beginning to
move toward Korea. Even then she
realized what that might mean, and
she warned Russia that there must be
no encroachment by her upon the Ko
rean peninsula. Russia smiled and dis
claimed in the usual way. Even then
Japan was beginning to feel the press
of increasing population. Now her
yearly increase is in the neighborhood
of 600,000. Her territory is occupied al
most to the limit. Only one Island,
Hokkaido in the .north, yet affords an
outlet to her thronging people, and
every year from 60.000 to 80,000 of them
find new homes there. Already the
limit is in sight. There must be an
other outlet.-
When the war with China offered the
chance of obtaining a foothold on the
continent of Asia that might have
But the companies are nearly twice
the size* of ours' when in active service,
numbering on the. war footing 240
men, so that a battalion is about a
thousand strong. Besides the infan
try each division has a regiment of
field or mountain, artillery, two battal
ions of three batteries, six guns in a
battery, 120 men to a battery. The
guns. are of. Japanese invention ? and
make and are capable of doing fine
work. Each division also has a regi
ment of cavalry such as it is. The
horses of the Japanese are very poor
and the men are not specially skillful
as riders.
Military observers rate the cavalry
as very poor. Certainly it is not near
ly the equal of the Russian Cossack
force. Each regiment consists of
three squadrons — troops we should
call them — of about 150 men each.
There is also in each division a bat
talion of engineers, who are among
the best soldiers of Japan, very highly
trained. Besides these there are the
regular commissariat and supply
trains and the sanitary, or medical
corps. All told, on the war footing,
each division consists of about 15,000
men This makes the fighting line
number about 200.000.
In peace the army is hardly half
that size. Every man on reaching the
age of 21 is required to serve with
the colors, but there are many exemp
tions in peace times. After three
years with the colors the men go into
the first reserve for five years. In war
the righting line is at once filled up to
the limit from the first reserve. It is
this fact which accounts for the con
fusion of reports now current as to
whether i the first reserve has been
called out or not. In part it has, and
in part it is standing by for orders to
go. What movements of troops there
have been havs been conducted very
secretly. For the most part they have
been at night. Not long ago the cap
tain of one of the big London liners
that had been requisitioned for trans
port service spent the night ashore in
Yokohama. In tho morning he was
sent -for hurriedly to go aboard. On
reaching his ship he found her full of
troops that had been put on in the
night. Immediately the ship sailed
and only the men high in authority
know where she went.
It is idle to speculate upon what the
movements of the army, will be when
once war is begun. Sooner or later,
however, Korea will undoubtedly be
occupied. Russia cannot prevent that.
The Japanese have the inestimable ad
vantage of a well protected interior
line of communication with Korea.
From Moji to Fusan it is only a night's
steaming. Midway lies Tsushima, with
its great fortifications. Flanked on
either side by the Japanese ships the
Russians would have to exert their en
tire naval strength to force the pas
sage to get at tho Japanese transports,
and It does not seem likely that they
would risk such an .»ngagement. It is
popularly believed here that the first
move will be naval. The Japanese
have forbidden newspaper men to ac
company the first operations, either
naval or land, and have issued very
stringent regulations covering the
case.' r Commanders of naval stations
or of Meets are empowered to estab
lish what are termed strategical sea
areas, into which no ship may come
without permission. The captain who
endeavors to enter such an area
against the wish of the commander
may- be sent back in charge of an
armed . vessel and imprisoned and
fined*
One' great advantage the Japanese
navy has is of inestimable value. There
are three great units— the battleship
squadron, the armored cruiser squad
ron and. the cruiser squadron. For
months each squadron has been ma
neuvering by itself, with frequent
grand maneuvers embracing the en
tire navy. At the naval station at
Takeshikl, in Tsushima, twenty tor
pedo * vessels have been practicing in
one flotilla. The result is that every
officer of every, vessel knows not only
what his own ship will do under any
given circumstance, but also what
every other ship will do. That intri
cate and: valuable bit of naval Infor
mation, the helm angle of each ship,
is matter of common knowledge. They
can maneuver, as well in the dark as
in the light, and. if a ship is transferred
from -one squadron to another she but
comes back to old mates who know
her well and no new drill is required
to; fit her; to the new conditions.
ADVERTISEJIENTS.
S00 YEARS OLD
STRONG AND HEALTHY.
Duffy's Pure Malt Whiskey Saved My Life From Bronchitis Six
Years Ago and Has Kept Me Strong and Healthy Ever Since,
Writes Mrs. D. M. Roberts, ol La Grangs, HI.
., Mrs. Roberts Doesn't ZiOOk a Sa7 OTtI
-.^jw-j^^SiS-— Sixty. Seads tto Papers and Sews
|W^K^P5ig^|^L Without Spectacles. "Tiaais to Duf-
fy's puro Slain "Whiskey I Can Disrestt
Anything. Sleep Soundly. -^and Am
fiSSiirir^ >t\TO " l write this letter to thank you for
ln£££ia# S?A» what Duffy's Pure Malt Whiskey his
§Sg2|5f//. nx & done for me In 1S0S I hid an unusually
DMHr W&S&& j6P^ «v*'s| severe attack of IJrunchitls. and tho b^st
KMT '/■■ • t^&&? * \K I was such an old lady and there was not
PSlw> %. M enough vitality left in my body to resist
YBGlwiI}'//} ' ■'"£ - \ • <vV «3 the disea.se. Nothing they gave me had
reSJls /£«%/%%¥ vV^'fcy "My S'.ui saw your advertisement and
iraWHj^^^rA M • Nought a bottle of Duffy's Purs Malt
WSSiK^^^ 7 .JST Whiskey for me. It saved my life. It
brought back my strength, and I have
"I was born In May. 1S04, In the town
of Cllftondale. Mass., and I am therefore
r xVW^WWB^^IfSBffPBBHMmSfc- in m >" 100th year. I can sew and read
VVVV^SZB^S^jISi^^^HHhBs^^. the paper3 without tho aid of spectacles.
X^WjSfflal^oKnt^^^S^ / and am unusually smart for my ape.
XXVNS^^Wt^ 1 Xwft/ft Thanks to Duffy's Malt Whiskey. I cm
\\ yuVxYVM*/ #/// yf////// digest anything, and I am evidently get-
/ \ \\\WN \ fy/// Ivy / tin S a11 the nourishment out of my food.
\ \yJ* ( ' • X * or * am so muc h stronger than I have
I I •".'-• Vv'4 been for years, and am in good flesh. I
sleep soundly. I never take any other medicine. Duffy's is the very life of old
people, and I would not be without It." MRS. D. M. ROBERTS.
The average length of life Is less than 50 rears. The census shows there ar«
only 3536 persons in- the United States who have passed the century mark. Al-
most everv one of them owes his or her ripo old age and freedom from diseasa
to Duffy's "Pure Malt Whiskey, the true Elixir of Life. We have been publishing
their letters regularly in the papers for years. Mrs. Roberts is on© of thesa
wonderful old people.
DUFFY'S PURE MALT WHISKEY
PROMOTES HEALTH AND LONG LIFE.
It Is an absolutely pure distillation of malt, a gentle, invigorating stimulant
which builds up the worked-out. run-down, weakened, diseased constitution and
keeps it always in condition to throw off and resist disease. It kills dlseaas
germs, quiets the nerves, repairs the worn- _-«^^ s===^^&^
out. diseased tissues, tones up the heart, Aj^^.
enriches the blood and strengthens the cir- j^fl. *_7 ■ _.u „
culation. and gives power to the brain and i^SVv 1^^^
str^ngrth and elasticity to the muscles. >^>O>«Lc»
Duffy's Pure Malt Whiskey cures Bron- jyo/^3 V*»W
chitis. Coughs. Colds. Grippe, Asthma. Ca- yy V/ fft£J *4S%*. VCv\
tarrh. Pneumonia. Pleurisy, Consumption I/^f f«2 y^S^X. Y^W
and all diseases of the throat and lun^s; //C^/ igEk 5&r&3SM> \»A\l
Dvspepsia. Indigestion, and every form cf |jjj/ , ISSjV^AtSw \p\\
stomach trouble: Malaria and oil low 9^39&££*£^ ISlI
vers. It is invaluable for overworked men. II^| VMhO^NS^^^S^ iCll
delicate women and sickly children. H 1 J& lXm&Sta0&aKttk IMIl
If you wish to keop.younK and stronj?H 1 jfifo , agS/^%CjWSgS|i IJ&H
nnd hav on your face th^ glow of perfect \V \^ £\ jfrnSffiP^MW/ //
health; if you wish to live to a gr^at age VI \_ftl if
and to retain undimmed the use of all your Vk fV^ifcLSjS^W if
faculties; if you would enjoy life to the // ,
fullest :ind he independent in old age. tako \t<>S^L^^*^>^ /f '
Duffy's Pure Milt Whiskey as directed, and > >*p5:^^S^ <^t > Aft
take no other medicine. IX b&*&r '
Xo other medicine or combination of vAr^Z*5r
medicines will do what Duffy's will do. It T^,-l-
is prescribed by 7000 doctors and used in over 2000 hospitals w v,«v~
Duffy's Pure Malt Whiskey contains no fusel oil. and is the only wnlsKBT
recognized by the Government as a medicine. This Is a guarantee.
CAUTION.— When you ask for Dnffy'» Pura Malt WWakey be fture yon ret
the jrentiine. Unscrupulous dealers, mindful of the exceUence of this prepara-
tion will try to sell you cheap imitations and malt whiskey substitutes, which
are p^ on the m" ket for profit only, and which, far from rellevta* the sick, are
positively harmful. Demand "Duffy's" and he sure you sret it. .It is the only
absolutely pure Malt Whiskey which contains medicinal, health-jrivinsr qualities.
Duffy's Pu-c Malt Whiskey Is sold in sealed bottles only; never in flask or bulk,
look for tne trade-mark, the "Old Chemist." on the label, and be certain the seal
nvpr *he cork is unbroken. .Beware of re-filled bottle*.
Sold bv all drugists and grocers, or d irect. $1.00 a bottle. Medical booklet
free. " Duffy Malt Whiskey Co.. Rochester. Xew York.
'opened a way to relief it was eagerly
grasped. Then, through the aggression
of Russia and the incredible stupidity
of Great Britain, that chance was lost.
The statesmen of Japan saw and real
ized what a blow Japan had received;
her people knew and understood the
humiliating affront which had been put
upon her. The suspicion of R«s^a
which had been felt by the men at the
head of affairs, became a hatred of te»
rible intensity among the common peo
ple.
PREPARES FOR CONFLICT.
Then came the Russian lease of Port
Arthur, and Japan saw her enemy In
possession of the Liaotung peninsula
from which she had been ejected. It
i* an old story how she began then to
prepare for the conflict now about to
break. At the time of the Boxer out
break in 1900 Japan received new evi
dence of the Russian intention. Oreat
Britain and the United States asked
Japan to send her troops to the relle..
of the beleaguered legations in Peking.
Russia protested. Already her designs
on Manchuria were becoming clear.
The Boxers gave her an opportunity.
Immediately after the relief of Peking
she recalled her troops from Chill and
put them into Manchuria. The horror
of Blagovechensk she turned to her
own account.
Japan understood and prepared to
counter by bringing her troops from
China to Korea, but she was not yet
ready for the conflict that might have
precipitated and her men came back
to Japan. She knew the shiftiness of.
Russian promise, but for the time she
was content to strive to obtain its ful
fillment. Russia promised to evacuate
Manchuria and Japan hoped to see the
promise made good. She had given up
hope, at least for the time, of obtaining
the needed footing on the continent,
but she now saw with increasing alarm
the evidences of Russian aggression
upon Korea. When the time set for
Russian evacuation of Manchuria came
and passed and the Russian troops still
held their ground Japan knew that the
time had come to act. Russia not only
refused to leave Manchuria, but ad
vanced toward Korea, Already her
subjects had secured a lease at Mas
ampho, almost in sight of the Japanese
coast. In spite of the explanation that
it was only a private enterprise, purely
commercial. Japan recognized the
menace to her interests. Then began
the series of negotiations aimed at
reaching a settlement of the matter
which Japan could fool would be defin
ite. But each Japanese step was met
by a further advance of Russian de
mand. Russia secured a concession at
Yongampho. south of the Yalu River.
Japan began to prepare to fight. No
one realized better than she the char
acter of the undertaking, but no one
knows so well as she that it is for her
very life.
War is not made because of the fail
ure of negotiations; it is a world move
ment which mere human agencies can
not control. *The old, huge Russian
with his insatiable earth-hunger finds
himself, at the close of his long journey
to the open sea at the East, face to
face with the new-bom Japanese,
feeling at last the irresistible urge of
the press of population. The conflict
is inevitable. It is no irruption of wild
barbarians choking down an old civil
ization to secure new homes for them
selves. It is a new civilization work-
Ing out its.destiny in the path of world
development. The Western Oriental
and the Eastern Occidental are at
grips.
The Japanese reformation "rom cen
turies of exclusion and inactivity Is yet
in its infancy, but it s t.s accomplished
wonders. Now Japan feels that if this
civilization, with all that it means to
the world, is to be engrafted, even
though it be but faintly, upon the ef
fete hermit kingdom, it must be
through the agency of her people, who
know and understand the Koreans and
Chinese as no other people of the
world do.
"Russia is not a civilizer," said one
of, the old Japanese, statesmen to me
yesterday. "There are but two classes
in Russia— the rulers, who are corrupt
through and through, and the Ignorant,
stupid, unintelligent peasant, with his
centuries of oppression and misrule
behind him. The vaunted Greek church
itself is not a civilize?. On the con
trary. It is rotten and- corrupt as the
governing class behind It. I say that
Russia is not entitled to attempt the
redemption. of an Asiatic people. She
does not mean to do It. Her interest is
purely selfish."
It is a conflict of civilizations. Korea
will either fall under the slow mov
ing Russian or come under the Influ
ence of the active Japanese. For Japan
it means much more than for Russia:
but the Japanese statesmen realize that
even if they win in the war their re
lief will be but temporary- Korea, with
its 8.000,000 or 10,000,000 of people, is
only half as large again as Nebraska.
Yet they call It thinly settled. Open to
unrestricted Japanese immigration it
will afford relief for but a few years at
the most. In climate and soil it ia
suitable for the Japanese. "When it is
occupied there is nothing In sight be
yond.
There Is a curious difference between
the Japanese public and private declar
ations concerning Korea. Publicly they
profess to desire the preservation of
the integrity and independence of the
peninsula. Privately they admit that
the destiny of Korea is absorption by
Japan. They realize that Us occupa
tion by them can no longer be delayed,
and whether there is war with Russia
or not that will occur very soon.
OSCAR KIXG DAYIS' /;
ENVIABLE RECORD AS
WAR CORRESPONDENT
Oscar King Davis, The Call's special
war correspondent, was born In Bald
winsville. N. Y.. on January 13, 1886. In
his youth he laid a good educational
foundation for the profession to which
his later years were devoted. In 18S5
he was graduated from Colgate Unl-»
versity, Hamilton. N. Y., and he re
ceived the degree of master of arts
four years later.
Davis was chosen from many ap
plicants as special correspondent of
the New York Sun and Harper's
Weekly at Manila during the Spanish-
American War and the Philippine in
surrection, and accompanied the
American contingent of the allied
forces sent to the relief of Peking dur
ing the Boxer uprising of 1899-1900. In
all these, as was the case with his
work generally, he gave eminent satis
faction to his principals and readers.
On the approach of the present crisis
in the Far East Mr. Davis was selected
by the Call-Herald news combination
as one of its principal newsgatherers
at the scene of action and only a few
weeks ago passed througn this city on
his way to the Orient.
Besides Ms work as a Journalist.
Mr. Davis is the author of several
books on subjects of lively current in
terest, among which were "Our Con
quests in the Pacific" and "Dewey'3
Capture of Manila," with "Sherreaf'3
Exclusion" and other stories.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AVOID )
THEJAUSE . I
DISEASE
B Nine-tenths of all our diseases fj
B3 have their beginning with II
CONSTIPATION
1 !h It is a duty we owe to our A
'' f\ body to secure a free move- ~J
» || ment of the bowels once every M
!•] day. The one reliable remedy -I
Kj for constipation is jj
IhunyadijAnosi
;| THE NATURAL LAXATIVE WATEB. 1
If Half a glass on arising ghr«a a
|| prompt and pleasant relief. tt
34
ACCIDENT CAUSES LOSS OF RUSSIAN CRUISER WITH ALL ON BOARD
ST. PETERSBURG, Feb. 16.--- The Russian second-class cruiser Boyarin was accidentally blown up by a mine on February 13, in
the harbor of Port Arthur, in the same manner as was the Russian torpedo transport Yenisei. She had on board 196. officers and men,
all of whom, it is understood, were lost. No details of the disaster have been given out.
RUSSIANS
CRUEL TO
PRISONERS
Maltreatment of De
tained Japanese
Is Charged.
United States Consul
Protests Against
Outrages.
NEWCHWANG, Sunday, Feb. 14. —
About fifty Japanese men on their way
to Tientsin were arrested at Taihai
chou on February 12 with their wo
men and arrived here in custody. The
American Consul, Henry T. Miller,
procured the release of the women,
but Viceroy Alexieff ordered their re
arrest and transportation, together
wit h all the Japanese in Manchuria, to
l'ort Arthur.
Miller based his action on assur
ances the Russians gave the Japanese
C< nsul that all Japanese subjects
would be protected and permitted to
lnave when they desired.
There are numerous Japanese com
plaints of Russian ill-treatment- Jt
is alleged that 4 00 Japanese refugees
from Harbin and elsewhere, who ar
rived at Mukden on February 10,
vert* arrested and that many of them
vore severely beaten and detained un
til they purchased their release. When
they were liberated the Japanese were
pent in open trucks to Taihaichou,
vheie- they were again maltreated and
sent oi. to Port Arthur. Some of their
voreen were sent to Xewchwang.
Consul Miller took the women under
his protection and sent them to Shan
kaikwan.
Miller protested to the civil admin
istration against the cruel treatment
of the Japanese refugees by Russian
soidiers and requested a census of all
Japanese transported to Port Arthur.
Th<- Consul himself was menaced by
a Cossack without provocation and the
DCsCer commanding at Newchwang ex
presspd his regrets and promised to
severely punish the Cossack. The civil
administrator promised to afford bet
ter i.roU-ction to the refugees.
Independent naval officers say the
Cesarevitch, Retvizan. Pallada and
Novik, damaged in the naval battle off
Port Arthur, cannot be repaired in
time to decide the command of the sea.
They also say the Russian land forces
are demoralized. They are trying to
■u'.itch tht- entire coast.
Th« cflicers of the Russian gunboat
Sivocith at Newchwang declared they
are prepared to blow up their vessel
in case of danger. They are employ
ing a searchlight all night long over
the surrounding plains.
The cutting of telegraphic communl
c.-iriori threatens to complete the iso
lar: «m of the war zone, except by dis
patch boats. Admiral Alexieff has for
bidden all ships to enter any of the
ports of the Liaotung Peninsula. For
eigners are not permitted to move
without military permission.
Tl>e foreign missions at Mukden,
apprehending a Chinese outbreak, are
sending the missionaries and their
fanilits away.
The reports that Japanese ships
have been seen using searchlights off
Newc-hwang and off the coast near
Jlinchou are fictitious.
There are about 2000 troops now at
Newchwang.
JAPANESE SECTION
.. HANDS CONTRIBUTE
TO THE WAR FUND
PORTLAND, Or., Feb. 15.— Six thou
sand dollars has been raised toward
the war assistance fund by local Jap
anese. Amounts have been received
ranging from $25 to 52000 by S. Ban,
head ot the committee.
"What do you think?" he eald to
day. "A party of five Japanese section
hands on a railroad cent in 5150 from
Junction City this morning. Each one
contributed from $25 to $30. In a few
days we will have raised $10,000, and
this amount will immediately be sent
to Japan. We will then start on an
other fund. Notices and subscription
lists have been sent throughout the
State and they will bear golden fruit.
I headed the list with $2000, and the
clerks in my office all gave from $100
to $200 apiece. Every one is enthusi
astic over the fund.
- "We are not desirous of receiving
contributions from Americans at pres
ent. We want to make this first con
tribution all our own."
About a dozen of the naval reserves
of this city, Who have been called to
Bervice in Japan, will leave for their
country on the next Maru liner from
Seattle.
BRITISH NEGOTIATIONS
WITH RUSSIA ON THE
MANCHURIAN QUESTION
LONDON, Feb. 15.— A lengthy pre
liminary paper issued to-day contains
correspondence regarding the Russian
occupation of Manchuria, covering the
period f^m July. 1900, to January 8,
1904. . ; ■"- "
On the latter date Count Bencken
darff, the Russian Embassador to Great
Britain, communicated to former Sec
retary Lansdowne a formal declara
tion that Russia would not Interfere
with the existing treaty rights of the
powers. Lord Lansdowne expressed
satisfaction with these assurances, but
he expressed 'his regret that Russia
should have found it impossible to tak»
even a single step in pursuance of a
policy which the thus .prescribed fcrr
herself, and said that the people of
England were looking for some con
crete evidence of Russia's intention to
fulfill her promise. . For example, the
announcement that Newchwang would
be evacuated at an early date would
have a reassuring effect, and Lord
Lansdowne was not aware of any local
difficulty in the way of this movement.
German Emperor Is Xot III.
BERLIN. Feb. 15. — The rumors
circulated regarding the alleged ill
ness of Emperor William are abso
lutely ungrounded. He went out walkr
Ing this morning, visited Chancellor
von Bulow and transacted the usual
state business.
KEEPING RUSSIAN FLEET
BUSY WHILE ARMY LANDS
Attacks Upon Port Arthur Made to Prevent
Interference With Japan's Military
Programme.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 15.—Informa
tion has reached here that nearly 20,000
Japanese troops were landed at Che
mulpo yesterday, the first division of
a large number which will be thrown
into Korea as rapidly as possible in
the effort to thoroughly occupy the
strategic points In the Korean empire,
while the Russian fleet is bottled up
in Port Arthur. By one conversant
with the Japanese plans it is said that
the repeated attacks upon Port Arthui'
are not for the purpose of seizing that
place at present, unless an unexpected
weakness in the fortifications there
should develop. They are part of a
well defined plan for the harassing of
the Russian fleet until Korea can be
occupied. The bottling up of the fleet
there enables the landing of troops In
Korea without the convoy of a large
number of warships. The reports of
disorder In various parts of Korea has
tened the operations of the Japanese,
in order that they might obtain posses
sion before anarchy became prevalent
and foreign interests were menaced in
consequence.
The taking of Port Arthur will form
the second number of the war pro
gramme. First, however, it is learned
that the Japanese propose to cut the
line of communication well up on the
railroad running from Newchwang to
Port Arthur. It Is expected a large
Japanese force will land at Newchwang
shortly for this purpose.
The Navy Department denies posi
tively that any American naval officers
were aboard the Japanese ships In the
fighting at Port Arthur. It is said
that our Government requested permis
sion of both Russia and Japan to place
an American naval officer with each of
the fleets, not as a combatant, but
purely in the capacity of an observer.
While neither power refused the re
quest outright, still they did not ac
cede.
The War Department is having
equally bad luck In trying to place
military observers with the land forces
of Russia and Japan. Right officers
were selected for this duty and re
quests were made that they be per
mitted to accompany the forces in the
field, but a favorable response has not
yet been received, and Ifis feared that
it will not be.
Takahira, the Japanese Minister,
called upon Secretary Hay to-day, and
it is understood that the reported de
tention of about 100 Japanese subjects
in Port Arthur was under discussion.
There seems to be a lack of positive
Information on the subject, and until
the facts are known the State Depart
ment is inclined to go slowly In repre
sentations to Russia. It is bound to
make them, however, if Japan formally
requests it, as the department has un
dertaken to represent Japan so far as
the interests of Japanese subjects in
Russia are concerned.
Taklng notice of the reported escape
from Port Arthur of the American
cargo ship Pleiades, under cover of a
storm, the department officials are in
clined to believe that she may have
brought away some of the detained
Japanese. It is said that large license
is accorded by international law to
military commanders in such cases as
those and they freely exercise discre
tionary power as to the ingress and
egress into and from towns practically
besieged, like Port Arthur, of persons
who might carry damaging informa
tion to the foe.
The Insular Bureau of the War De
partment is informed that the value
of the Mexican* dollar at Hongkong to
day was 48li cents, a Jump of two
points since Saturday noon. This places
the coin on a practical parity with our
own silver Philippine peso. The Mexi-
fHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 10, 190£.
can dollar has practically advanced
from 37 cents to its present figure
within a year. This last increase is
explained at the War Department by
the statement that the war has caused
a heavy drain, Chinese and Japanese
merchants converting much of their
stock into cash to be prepared for
emergencies. The result is expected to
be the practical extirpation of the Mex
ican dollar in the Philippines, an ob
ject very much desired, for a heavy
import duty on Mexican dollars will
keep them out of the islands, once they
are withdrawn.
ACCOUNT OF PORT
ARTHUR BATTLE AS
RECEIVED IN RUSSIA
ST. PETERSBURG, Feb. 15.— The first
unofficial account of the battle off Port
Arthur on Tuesday last has been re
ceived In a telegram dated Port Arthur,
February 9. It la as follows:
"At half past eleven the Japanese
squadron of fifteen vesels began the
bombardment of Port Arthur. Our
squadron and the fortresses replied and
the battle lasted forty minutes.
"The Japanese squadron could not
stand the well-placed first fire of our
fleet and forts, and began a rapid re
tirement. The Japanese flagship was
seriously damaged and, according to
the testimony of an eye witness, five
other Japanese ships were considerably
damaged. Boats belonging to the port
report that they saw two Japanese
ships sinking at sea.
"Our losses afloat were two officers
wounded, one so slightly that he con
tinued fighting; six men killed and
fifty-four wounded. In the forts two
men were slightly wounded. The bom
bardment of the forts and the town did
no damage, but frightened the pop
ulace. At intervals during the night,
firing was heard at sea."
The dispatch adds that the temper of
the army and navy is excellent and
that the bulletins circulated by the
Novyerai have begun to tranquilize the
people. No attempts have been made
by the Japanese to land on the Kwang
tung Peninsula.
The repairs to the ships damaged by
the torpedo attack are proceeding rap-
Idly.
Captain Belllaeff of the gunboat Ko
rutz, which was sunk at Chemulpo,
writing to relatives on January 9, just
previous to the battle, said:
"I am ready to go to sea at any min
ute. From day to day we have been
expecting a fight with the Japanese.
We expect sudden attacks, without a
previous declaration of war. The wood
en fittings are being taken ashore. We
have no armor; our strength is only in
the guns and the courage of our men.
We Russians often depend on courage,
and the outcome Is all right. It may
happen that It will not fail us now. I
shall do all possible. If they send us
to the bottom, say a good word for us."
FREQUENT FIRING
OCCURS IN THE BAY
OF PORT ARTHUR
CHEFU", Feb. 15.— The steamship
Wenchow, arriving from Port; Arthur
reports that eleven Russian ships were
struck in Tuesday's engagement. It Is
said that the cruiser Askold, with a big
holn at the water line, has been toWed
into the inner basin and beached. The
battleship Sevastopol has a shell hole
just above the water line and is useless
RUSSIAN WARSHIP AND
TORPEDO BOATS PASSING
THROUGH SUEZ CANAL.
In rough weather. The cruiser Novik
has a hole In her afterport side. The
battleship Retvizan Is on the beach and
her bottom has fallen out. The cruiser
Pallada was torpedoed abaft the en
gine-room. The battleship Cesarevitch,
which also was torpedoed, has been
docked. The others were chiefly dam
aged in their upper works.
The whole iieet has been taken into
the inner harbor, and Port Arthur Is
depending for protection upon her forts,
which have been reinforced. There is
frequent firing, which is. presumably
drawn by Japanese torpedo-boats. Fir
ing was heard at midnight on February
11 at intervals; also on the night of the
12th and 13th. On February 14 the fir
ing continued until 5 o'clock in the aft
ernoon.
An eyewitness claims to have seen
eighteen dead landed from the Russian
ships on Tuesday. It is understood that
Admiral Stark has been reduced for his
failure to repulse the Japanese attack.
The cruiser Novik was the only vessel
to do effective work. She gave chase
to, the Japanese torpedo-boats, and ac
cording to the Russian account sank
two and captured one.
The Wenchow had 400 Japanese refu
gees on .board, and there was an ex
citing time during the battle, as shells
fell all around the Wenchow. After
several orders were given her to leave
port and as often revoked, she was al
lowed to sail on February 14. The Rus
sian authorities supplied her Japanese
passengers with rice, but paid no at
tention to a signal for a fresh supply of
water. .
It is said that the European residents
of Port Arthur have been reassured, but
.that the Chinese are making frantic ef
forts to get away. Reports of Russian
victories are, it is said, being circulated
to buoy up the hopes of the residents.
It is apparent that the Russians have
for the present decided not to use their
fleet, but to depend upon the land
forces. Eleven ships will have to be re
paired before she can take the ag
gressive on the sea.
. The captain of the Wenchow reports
that he was held at Port Arthur until
all the Japanese in the vicinity were
gathered and placed aboard. Japanese
were brought from points as far away
as Harbin. A few Japanese are left in
Manchuria. The .refugees left their
homes and stores, ' in many instances
losing thousands of dollars.
Several Japanese have been arrested
on the charge of having in their pos
session maps and charts. Refugees who
go to Japan can give the Government
valuable information.
JUDGE ADAMS WILXi
. DECIDE BUItTOX DEMURRER
United States Court Will -Rule on
Case of Fraud Against the ;:
Kansas Senator.
ST. LOUIS, Feb. 1 5.— Judge Adams,
In the United States District Court, an
nounced that he^will to-morrow make
known his decision on the demurrer
of United States Senator J. R. Bur
ton of Kansas to the indictment charg-;
ing him with accepting money: from
the Rialto Grain and Securities Com
pany for using his influence with the
Postoflice" Department to prevent the
issuance of a' fraud order against the
Rialto Company.
LOSSES OF THE FLEETS
IN FIRST NAVAL FIGHT
Uncensored Account by Eye Says
Japanese Battleship^ Cruiser and Two
Torpedo Boats Were Disabled.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, Feb. 15.— A correspondent
who says he was an eye-witness of the
Port Arthur naval fight sends from
Yinkow (Manchuria), the port of New
chwang, under date of February 11, the
following uncensored story:
About midnight on Monday the town
was aroused by the firing of»big guns.
Six Japanese torpedo-boats had ap
proached within half a mile of the Rus
sian fleet and were showing lights,
funnels and signals just like those of
the Russians. The Japanese torpedo
boats crept quite close to the Russian
ships before they were discovered.
Each of the Japanese boats discharged
torpedoes, three of which took effect,
striking the battleships Cesarevitch and
Retzivan and the cruiser Pallada. The
three damaged ships returned to the
harbor to avoid sinking.
Notwithstanding the continuous fire
from the ships and forts four of the
Japanese torpedo-boats escaped. One,
however, was sunk and another, which
was in a sinking condition, was desert
ed by the crew and was afterward cap
tured by the Russians. The action
ceased at 3 o'clock in the morning.
The loss on the Russian ships was
eight killed and twenty wounded.
Apart from the disablement of three
Russian ships the damage done to the
fleet and forts was not very great.
The Japanese fleet again came in
sight about 11 o'clock on Tuesday fore
noon. There were In all fifteen ships in
two lines of battle— six battleships, six
first-class cruisers and three second
class cruisers. The Russians had out
side thirteen large vessels under Ad
miral Stark. After the commencement
of the action the populace fled toward
the hill outside of town.
On both sides I counted more than
300 shells, few of which reached the
mark. The others did not explode.
The Japanese warships steamed slow
ly past, in line of battle, to the west
ward and about four miles off, each
vessel beginning to fire when opposite
the Russian ships, which were two
miles off shore. The action became gen
eral. There was no maneuvering, sim
ply heavy and fast firing.
The firing ceased at noon, the Jap
anese ships withdrawing to the south
ward, having one battleship and one
large cruiser put out of action. One
small boat was chased and was sunk
by the Novlk (Russian), which after
ward received a shell at the water line,
but reached port all right, Admiral
Stark signaling "Well done," while all
the rest of the fleet cheered her ar
rival.- Even the three Russian ships
aground fired during the action.
The casualties on the Russian side
were twenty-two killed and sixty-four
wounded. Nearly half of the casual
ties occurred on the Pallada and Novik.
The Japanese fleet sailed southward
at 1 p. m. and all was quiet.
ITO'S SENTIMENTS
TOWARD AMERICANS
TOLD IN WRITING
TOKIO. Feb. 15.— Marquis Ito to
day gave the press a written expres
sion of hl$ sentiments toward . the
American people, as follows:
"It is with profound satisfaction that
I see so many symptoms of spontane
ous sympathy with which the free
thinking people of your great nation
seem to watch the present crisis. In
my opinion it was evident that Russia's
high-handed ; expansion toward the
hegemony of the East, combined with
her recent strenuous military efforts
hereabouts, has been becoming a daily
increasing menace to our own future
safety and peaceful existence. Either
to enter into a cordial and durable un
derstanding with her, clearl" defining
and mutually recognizing the respec
tive spheres of interests and binding
her thereby to a certain amount of
self-restraint in the future, or else to
have recourse to measures for safe
guarding our future independence, ere
it was too late, was the drastic di
lemma from which we could not longer
escape. We have tried our best to ob
tain our object by the first alternative
and we have sacrificed much energy
and time and many opportunities for
the sake of peace. Having failed, how
ever, there remains no other way for
us but to stand up in defense of our
own future safety and our own future
undisturbed enjoyment of the fruits of
peace and civilization. No trace of race
prejudice, no smack of revenge or
chauvinism, nothing but the cool rea
son of state necessity and of self
preservation Influenced Japan's action.
The rest I leave to the impartial judg
ment of civilized nations, which In the
course of their past history must have
had many experiences of noble strug
gles In defense of the honor and safety
of country.
"I take this opportunity of express-
Ing my thanks once more for all th«
cordial hospitality shown me during
my sojourn in America."
RUSSIAN FLEET IS
SEEN OFF THE SOUTH
COAST OF JAPAN
NAGASAKI, Feb. 15.— The French
and Russian Ministers to Korea have
requested the Japanese Government to
allow the survivors of the Russian
ships Variag and Korutz, which were
sunk in the fight at Chemulpo, to pro
ceed to Shanghai. They guarantee
that the Russians will remain there
until the war ends. ,
Martial law has been proclaimed in
Nagasaki. It is rumored that a Rus
sian fleet has been seen off the south
coast of Japan. The East Asiatic
Company's steamship Manchuria has
been captured and has arrived at
Sasebo.
The steamship Manchuria sailed
from Copenhagen on November 20 for
Port Arthur and Vladivostok. She is
of 370S net tons register and was built
at Copenhagen in 1891.
SIXTY CIIICAGOANS
TO ENLIST IN THE
ARMY OF MIKADO
CHICAGO, Feb. 15. — Sixty Chicago
ans, many of them veterans of the
Spanish-American War, will, it is said,
leave this week for Japan. Five for
mer members of the Illinois National
Guard and the regular and volunteer
armies of the United States, left to
night for Pacific Coast ports, whence
they will sail for the Orient. Owing
to the neutrality 'proclamation of
President Roosevelt, the men are
keeping their plans secret, but it is
intimated that the purpose Is to join
the Japanese forces. »
The sixty will go West in small
parties of five and six and sail for
Japan on different steamships. Their
ultimate destination is Toklo.
This is Exhibition Day at .Benguiat's
Rug Sale, Palace Hotel (Marble and Ma
ple rooms). Don't fail to attend. •
NEUTRAL
SHIPS ARE
RELEASED
Port Arthur Officials
Heed Protest of
Nations.
Alexieff Explains the
Cause of Their
Detention.
YINGKOW, Sunday. Feb. 14. — Tha
administrative authorities at Port
Arthur have formally notified tha
American and British Consuls there of
the release of neutral ships which hart
been seized. Both Consuls have asked
for explanations. The civil adminis
tration of Port Arthur has intimated
that Viceroy Alexieff will not recog
nize the Consuls in matters relating to
Port Arthur end Manchuria.
The Russians are commandeering
supplies at Xewchwang and the Chi
nese are alarmed and are closing their
shops and placing their possessions
under foreign protection.
Russian residents at Newchwang.
fearing that the army will be unable
to protect them and their property,
are depositing their treasure under
the jurisdiction of foreign flags.
Thursday, Feb. 11. — In consequence
of the attack by the Japanese upon
Port Arthur Viceroy Alexieff has or
dered all foreigners and civilians to
leave that place. The families of the
Russian officers in Manchuria are be
ing sent to Russia and this is causing
great pressure upon the railway. Dalny
was the first place to -be deserted.
These non-combatants and civilians
have abandoned all their property at
Port Arthur and Dalny.
The Russians freely admit their
unpreparednesa for the Japanese at
tack to have been a terrible blunder.
Only half the shir>s were in line of
battle and their officers were ashore
celebrating the anniversary of Vice
roy Alexieff's birth.
A stirring episode was the re-en
trance into the harbor of the war
ships Cesarevitch and Novik after the
fight, They came in under their own
steam, with bands playing and men
cheering. Throughout the afternoon
and night of February 9 wounded men
were being removed to the shore.
PORT ARTHUR, Saturday, Feb. 13.
In answer to the demand of the
British Government for an explana
tion of British ships having been held
up by the Russians at Port Arthur
Viceroy Alexieff replied that the ves
sels were detained because they had
Japanese on board.
The shots fired at the British
steamer Fuping by the Russian guard
ship at Port Arthur as the Fuping was
leaving that port last Tuesday were,
the Viceroy says, due to a misunder
standing on the part of the officers
of the guardship.
RUSSIANS HAVE NOT
ASKED PERMISSION TO
PASS DARDANELLES
LONDON, Feb. 15. — Answering a
question in the House of Commons to
day as to whether the British Gov
ernment was taking steps to secure
an arrangement for the neutralization.
of Newchwang during the war. the
P'oreign War Secretary, Earl Percy,
replied that the Government did not
consider it to be practicable to neu
tralize any territory in the actual oc
cupation of either of the belligerents.
Home Secretary Akers-Douglas, con
firming press dispatches, announced
that the British Government not only
had not been approached with a sug
gestion that it should consent to the
Russian Black Sea fleet passing out
through the Dardanelles, but said
there was no reason whatever for sup
posing tttat Russia contemplated such
a violation of her treaty obligations to
tho European powers.
Foreign Minister Lansdowne an
nounced in the House of Lords to-day
that he had received a cable message
from the commander in chief of the
Chinese station giving absolute denial
of the report that the Japanese f.eet
had been allowed to use Weihalwei
as a base of operations against Port
Arthur. The commander in chief
added:
"Weihaiwel did not know operations
were proceeding until I notified them.
In fact, Weihaiwei's first direct knowl
edge of belligerent proceedings was
the visit of the steamship Fuping to
report the circumstances of her being
fired upon when leaving Port Arthur.
The air is full of baseless rumors, ob
viously deliberately concocted."
The White Star Line steamer Ma
jestic, which is to sail Wednesday
from Liverpool for New York, will
take among her passengers the Earl
of Caithness and General Sir William
Nicholson, director general of mili
tary intelligence of the War Office, and
Colonel J. A. L. Haldane of the Gor
don Highlanders, who will accompany
the Japanese armies in the field.
NO BIDS ASKED IX SAX
JOSE FOR A FRAXCHISE
City Tires of Efforts of Competing
Companies to Obstruct New
Hallway.
SAN JOSE, Feb. 15. — The Board of
Supervisors to-day granted Mehlin^
& Lockwood an electric railway fran
chise for a distance of about 1000 feet
along the Alviso road from the north
ern city limits of this city. This gives
them a connection with a franchise
secured Inside the city and their pri
vate right of way leading to Alviso.
Upon the advice of the District At
torney the franchise was granted
without calling for bids. This was
done because of the previous attempts
made to block the building of an elec
tric railway from this city to Alviso.
For many months Mehllng & Lock
wood have been trying to get a fran
chise that would give the road they
are going to build between San Jos<e
and Alviso an entrance into this city.
but a bidder would always appear and
outbid them for the franchise. E. D.
Crawford of Gilroy was the agent of
the parties and it is believed repre
sented the Southern Pacific Company.
A few weeks ago the City Council
granted Mehling & Lockwood a fran
chise for a line inside the city limits
without asking for bids.
BOSTON. Feb. 15. — The Lothrop Publlnhin*
Company assigned to-day. Inabilities estimat
ed at f 15O.C0Q.CITIZENS WILL BEAUTIFY THE BURNED AREA IN BALTIMORE
PAXORAJIIC VIEW OF RESULTS OF TERRIBLE CONFLAGRATION WHICH DESTROYED A LARGE AND VALUABLE SECTION OF CITY OF BALTIMORE. THE PICTURE SHOWS THE AND CITY HALL
LAWMAKER
GIVES UP
HIS SEAT
Shafroth of Colorado, a Rep
resentative in Congress, Sur
prises Members of the House
by Presenting His Resignation
WASHINGTON, Feb. 15.— In volun
tarily relinquishing his seat as a mem
ber of the House of Representatives
Mr. Shafroth of the First Colorado Dis
trict furnished a profound sensation
during the forty minutes' session to
day. The earnest words of the Colo
rado- member fairly took the breath
of the House as he proceeded to put
the Urst case on record in that body
where a member gave up his seat, ac
knowledging thiit his election had been
tainted by fraud.
For this fraud Mr. Shafroth declared
he was not in any way responsible,
nor was he aware that it had been per
petrated until the evidence had been
adduced before the Elections Commit
tee of the House. It was not done,
he said further, for the purpose of caus
ing his election.
As he announced the conclusion of
cipht years' service in this manner,
most unsatisfactory to himself, his
voice betokened the emotion he felt.
The hush which spread over the floor
and galleries "when the purport of his
remarks was realized became almost
painful. But when he sat down with
words of thanks on his lips for the
treatment he had received from his
colleagues on both sides of the cham
ber applause burst forth and continued
long and heartily. The Democratic
members arc-se almost en masse and
extended personal expressions of sym
pathy and encouragement.
BESCVtS OF AN INQUIRY.
Mr. Glmsted, chairman of the com
mittee in charge of the contest, recog
nized the unusual position Mr. Shafroth
had taken. He said the investigation
by his committee exonerated Mr. Shaf
roth from ai:y connection with the ir
regularities which had been shewn.
The stand taken, he paid, was a most
manly and courageous one. The com
mittee had taken no action toward
formulating its report to the House
on the case, and the surprising initia
tive taken by Mr. Shafroth as has been
explained, by him was based on the
showing made by the handwriting ex
pert employed to examine the ballots.
Mr. Shafroth's statement was as fol
lows:
"Mr. Speaker, I rise to a question or
personal privilege in the contested
election case of Robert W. Bonynge
against Sh^froth. It was stipulated
and agreed by contestant and con
testee that the ballots cast at that
election in the twenty-four contested
precincts should be brought before the
Committee on Elections of this House
and opened for the first time in
the presence of its members. The bal
lots were those cast at the general |
election of 3302 for State officers and
Representatives in Congress. The ob
ject was that the original arrangement,
form and condition of the ballots
Fhould be seen hrst by the committee.
The ballots were shipped to the Clerk
of the House of Representatives at the
joint expense cf Congress, contestant
and contestee.
INSPECTION OF BALLOTS.
"At the first meeting of the commit
tee for the hearing of the caee the bal
lots were presented for inspection. A
Kub-committee was appointed to ascer
tain how many illegal ballots were
contained therein. It was agreed that
in order to facilitate their work their
session should be executive. The sub
committee opened the ballots from
three precincts, and, finding that it
took one week to examine them, asked
the House for authority to employ an
expert, which was granted. Since that
time the expert has been examining
th»? ballots, and on Thursday last he
made his report to the committee. The
IS SENTENCED
TO LIFE TERM
Albert J. Beckman Is Found
Guilty of 31urdering > Sweet
heart Who Him
BUTTE, Mont., Feb. 15.— Albert J.
Beckman, who on October 13 last shot
and killed Helen Kelly because she re
jected him after accepting presents
from him, was found guilty by a jury
in Judge McClernons court to-night of
murder in the second degree and sen
tenced to ninety-nirse years in prison.
On Saturday while his counsel was
addressing the jury Beckman tried to
commit suicide by cutting a gash in
his throat. The wound was not serious.
To-day he tried to throw himself from
the Courthouse window, but was re
strained. This was Beckman's second
trial.
The jury disagreed on the first trial.
His defense was insanity.
committee then ordered that the par
ties should have one week's time in
which to examine the ballots and then,
if either of us desired to send to the
expert for the purpose of examining
them, that we should have that privi
lege. The case was to be argued before
the committee.
"On Thursday afternoon I com
menced examining the ballots and con
tinued doing so through Friday and
Saturday. I do not believe that 2792
illegal votes were cast (that being the
majority as returned), yet my exami
nation disclosed the fact that the as
surance which I had received as to the
regularity of the votes in many of the
precincts was not true and that there
were illegal votes therein which taint
ed the polls, and the polls so tainted
gave me a greater plurality than my
returned majority.
"That fact was a bitter disappoint
ment to me, but nevertheless true. The
law is that when a poll is tainted by
fraud and it Is impossible to purge the
poll of the fraudulent votes the vote
of the entire precinct, legal or illegal,
must be thrown out. The committee
has given me every opportunity to as
certain the illegal vote so as to save
the valid vote in those precincts. Until
I saw the ballots last Thursday I
thought the illegal vote could be de
tected and scratched from the legal
vote, but I must confess that my in
spection has convinced me that it is
Impossible to do so in this case.
DECLARATION" OF FRAUD.
"The case being as I have stated and
the number of precincts tainted con
taining majorities for me greater than
my returned majority, I must say that
if I were a Judge upon the bench con
sidering this case I would be compelled
to find against myself, and as the vote
In the contested precincts aggregates
less than one-tenth of the vote in the
Congressional district I would be com
pelled to find that, according to law.
Mr. Bonynge is entitled to the seat.
VI did my best to have an honest
election. My law partner, with my ap
proval, organized a citizens' commit
tee, composed of both Republicans and
Democrats who desired a fair man.
The headauarters of that committee,
as shown by the evidence in the case,
was the law offices of Rogers, Shafroth
& Gregg, Denver. I have always been
in favor of pure politics, and wheia
the test is applied to an election where
I was voted for as one of the candi
dates upon the ticket I should not
shirk my duty or change my convic
tions concerning honest elections. I
therefore say to the Committee on Elec
tions No. 2 and to the members of this
House that they can seat Mr. Bonynge
at their earliest convenience.
"As this is the last time I will have
an opportunity of addressing the House
I want to thank the Committee on Elec
tions No. 2, and particularly the
chairman, Mr. Olmsted, the sub-com
mittee. Mr. Miller', Mr. Currie and Mr.
Sullivan, for the fair and impartial
manner in which they have proceeded
to investigate this case. Every sug
gestion which I made as to the investi
gation was readily concurred in. I
ivlEh also to say that I appreciate the
reputed declarations of Mr. Bonynge
that I was not a party to or in any
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 1904.
LUMBER SHIP
GOES ASHORE
Schooner Alcalde, Bound for
Manila, Blown From Harbor
to Sea in Storm .and Wrecked
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PORTLAND. Or., Feb. 15.— The
schooner Alcalde, in charge of Captain
L. B. Harris, laden with a cargo of
lumber, went ashore on the North Spit
outside the entrance of Grays Harbor,
Wash., and is a total wreck. Every one
was saved, the life crew rescuing: them.
Captain Harris had on board his 16
year-old daughter, who was making
the trip with him. The Alcalde loaded
at Aberdeen, Wash., with a cargo of
lumber for Manila and was towed to
the anchorage in the lower harbor
Saturday. A violent storm sprang up
during Sunday and increased until the
schooner began to drag her anchors.
Finally she broke away, losing both
anchors and 105 fathoms of chain, and
was blown out to sea. The wind
changed to the southeast and after
drifting around for several hours in the
fog and darkness she went ashore on
the North Spit. She carried 400,000 feet
of lumber worth about $5000. The
crew was brought to Westport this
afternoon.
An examination of the stranded
schooner made to-day by Captain Har
ris, who was taken to his vessel by
the life saving crew, disclosed the fact
that her hull is broken and nothing
can be done to save her. The Alcalde
was a wooden schooner of 321 gross
tonnage and was built In 1882 at Port
Blakeley. A. Anderson of San Fran
cisco is her managing owner. She was
valued at $20,000.
MISS GEDGE'S WEDDING
A FASHIONABLE ' AFFAIR
Granddaughter of Lnte English Ad
miral Becomes Wife or
? Vallejo Man.
VALLEJO, Feb. 15. — Henry J.
Widenmann, a member of a success
ful pioneer family, and Miss Ellen I.
Gedge. daughter of Mr. and Mrs. W.
K. Gedge and granddaughter of the
late Admiral John Gedge of the Eng
lish navy, w'ere married here' this
evening by Rev. R. L. MacFarland of
the Mission of the Holy Spirit. It was
a pretty and fashionable affair. At
the banauet which followed there
were representatives of four genera
tions of the bride's family present.
Among the bride's many presents was
a handsome traveling bag from her
uncle, George Osbourne, the actor.
manner connected with any frauds or
irregularities. -
"I also desire to tnank the members
of this House for the uniform courtesy
and evidences of respect which I have
received. During the eight years of my
service in Congress I have formed
friendships here upon both sides of the
chamber which I shall cherish through
life. I fully appreciate the high char
acter of the men who compose this
bedy, but it is only when I am about
to leave that I fully realize the dls
1 tinguished honor It is to serve as a
member of the legislative body. Wish
ing -you all a happy and prosperous
future, I will say good-by."
After Mr. Dlmsted' had made his
statement, following Mr. Shafroth, Mr.
Talbot, member of the same committee,
announced his concurrence in all that
the chairman had said, particularly in
that relating to the upright manner in
which Mr. Shafroth had acted through
out. Mr. Hogg (Rep.) of Colorado said
that the action taken by 'Mr. Shafroth
would not be a surprise to those who
knew the man. No one knew him, he
added, who did not know him to be an
absolutely honest man.
After the resolution changing the oc
cupant of the seat from the First Colo
rado District had been acted on Messrs.
Hitt (Illinois), Adams (Pennsylvania)
and Densmore (Arkansas) were ap
pointed conferees on the diplomatic and
consular appropriation bill. • At 12:10
p. m. the House adjourned.
NEW PLAN
NOW BEING
LAID OUT
A Few Streets to Be
Effaced, Others
'.Widened.*
BALTIMORE, Feb. 15.— At a meeting
of the Citizens' Committee td^day it
was the overwhelming sense of the
members that the city should be re
built on bread and generous lines and
all main streets widened. The plans
as mapped out provide that the streets
east and west shall be opened from
Jones Falls to Liberty street and be
perfectly straight, while those running
north and south shall extend from
Pratt street to Franklin street. Pratt,
Baltimore, Fayette and Lexington
streets are to be widened. German
street may be obliterated and there is
talk of filling the upper harbor with de
bris. The committee will probably rec
ommend the widening of St. Paul,
Lombard, Light and Pratt streets.
Should it be decided best to leave Ger
man street open it will be recommend
ed by the committee that it be opened
through to Gay street and that Hop
kins place run through Baltimore and
Fayette streets to Park avenue, • a
change also being made in Liberty
street.
One of the results of the fire has been
a serious crippling of the work of the
Johns Hopkins Hospital, the Income of
which was largely derived from the
rent of buildings which it owned in the
burned district.
Sixty-eight warehouses, widely scat
tered, belonging to the hospital have
been destroyed, and the hospital has
lost the income from them for possibly
two years. The hospital property de
stroyed aggregates nearly $1,300,000 in
value.
The business situation was given a
most cheerful aspect to-day by a re
sumption of operations by the Clear
ing-Houae Association, the first since
February 6, and was materially
strengthened by the fact that banks
showed up in splendid condition, the
clearings being three times the normal
amount.
LUMBER WAR
TO BE SETTLED
Pacific Coast Steamship Com
pany and Steam Schooner
Owners to Effect Compromise
SEATTLE, Feb. 15.— The lumber war
between the Pacific Coast Steamship
Company and the steam schooner own
ers, which has been nearing an acute
stage for several weeks, will be settled,
according to parties concerned. A con
ference between representatives of both
interests is being held in San Franciaco.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company,
unless the compromise is prevented,
will withdraw, from the lumber carry
ing trade and the steam schooner own
ers will withdraw their fight for the
passenger business between Eureka and
San ; Francisco and Los Angeles. '
Engine and Coach Jump Track.
SANTA ROSA, Feb. 15— A special
consisting of an engine and a caboose
was wrecked on the Carquinez branch
ot the Southern Pacific last night near
Kenwood. Nobody was hurt. The spe
cial had brought a carload of Japaneso
•to a ranch in the Los Gulllcos Valley,
and was returning when on rounding
a curve the engine left the. track and
was overturned. Traffic is delayed and
the wrecking crew is still at work. The
engine was from South Vallejo and was
not equipped with pony trucks, which
accounts for the accident.
GUARD BATTLES
WITH FIREBUG
Watchman Finds a Masked
-Man in Act of Setting Blaze
to the Portland Flour Mills
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PORTLAND. Feb. 15.— A fight be
tween the night watchman and an un
known masked man, who attempted to
burn down the Portland Flouring Mills,
and in which seven shots were fired,
occurred last night. That the guardian
of the property was not murdered by
the incendiary was due to the fact that
he wore over his breast a large watch
man's clock, the back of which is made
of heavy iron. A shot from the revolver
of the thug struck the center of the
timepiece, smashed it to splinters, mak
ing a heavy indentation in the metal.
The attemDt to burn the mills was
the latest of a series of incendiary
operations and came near ending in a
fatality, for when Watchman Ber
bethea discovered the firebug he at once
called to him to halt. At that time the
incendiary was bending over a pile of
kindling. The firebug made no reply,
but seeing he was discovered started
to run. Berbethea then opened fire.
Then the fusillade began, for the man
turned and returned the fire. The shoU
whizzed past Berbethea's head. The
last shot was the one that struck the
large clock, then the firebug turned and
made good his escape.
Owing to the attempt to burn down
the mill property, which 1b one of the
most valuable upon the Pacific Coast,
officials of the company stated this
morning that a double array of armed
guards will be placed about the prem
ises.
PERSONAL.
Dr. G. H. Morrill of St. Louis Is at
the Palace.
Governor Sparks of Nevada is at
the Palace.
Dr. Francis E. Williams of Tonopah
is at the. Grand.
T. J. Field, a banker of Monterey,
is at the Palace.
Mayor R. F. Johnson of Monterey is
staying at the Palace.
Prison Director Don Ray of Gait is
registered at the Lick.
W. G. Purnell, a merchant of Sacra
mento, Is at the Grand.
State Senator Thomas Flint Jr. of
San Juan is at the Palace.
T. B. Rickey, a prominent mining
man of Nevada, is registered at the
Palace."
Allen Waters, a prominent insur
ance man of Cincinnati, and wife are
registered at the Palace.
Alfred Lindley, superintendent of
the Klamath Lake Railroad, is down
from Laird and staying at the Palace.
Josiah . Barnett, a member of the
banking firm of W. S. McCornick & Co.
of Salt Lake City, is staying at the
Palace.
George F. Richardson, superinten
dent of transportation of the South
ern Pacific Company, leaves to-day for
New Orleans on a business trip.
The position of manager of the Citi
zens' Alliance of San Francisco, which
had been offered to Mr. John P. Irish,
has been declined by that gentleman
and another selection will be made by
the organization. ' ,
TRACK PATROLLER IS
KILLED BY AN ENGINE
Southern Pacific. Employe Is Run
Down' by Special Train at
Dos Palos.
LOS BANOS, Feb. 15.— An extra en
gine running light with a caboose, south
bound, struck and instantly killed Ed
McDermott, a track patroller, at the
north edge of Dos Palos at 8:50 o'clock
this, evening. McDermott was on his
velocipede, and owing to the storm was
not seen by the engineer until the acci
dent occurred. The same engine struck
a patrolman's velocipede just south of
Volta, but the man escaped injury by
jumping
RAIN WELCOME,
BUT NOT NEEDED
Light Drizzle in Santa Clara
County Promises to Develop
Into a Great Downpour
Special Dispatch to The Call,
SAN JOSE. Feb. 15.— A number of
showers occurred early this evening
and a light rain now falling promises
to continue during the night. A south
wind to-day leads to the belief another
storm is setting in. While there is not
need of rain at present, everybody
welcomes it. Up to noon to-day 4.95
inches had fallen for the season,
against 10.13 inches for last season.
The Santa Clara College weather bu
reau predicts a heavy storm and abun
dant rain to follow if adverse wind
does not intervene.
REDDING, Feb. 15.— A severe rain
storm, extending as far north as Duns
muir, caused the Sacramento River to
rise rapidly. The stream is fifteen feet
above ,normal and this evening is ris»
ing at the rate of a. foot an hour. It is
feared a portion or all of the county
bridge over the stream at this point
will be carried away, as the structure is
in the midst of repairs and is necessa
rily weakened. A landslide 200 feet
long on the Siskiyou has tied up rail
road traffic. A stiff wind, accompanied
by rain, caused some wire damage.
SANTA ROSA. Feb. 15.— Sonoma
County is having a series of severe
storms this season. In one recently
the rainfall amounted to 5.20 inches.
Another rain began in this city Sun
day, being only a slight drizzle during
the day. Early Monday morning the
rain began falling heavily and at 7
o'clock the rain gauge measured 1.05
inches. Since that time about two
inches have fallen. The record for thi3
year is 25.52 inches.
Two railroad disasters are recorded
from the recent storm. The morning
train south bound on the California
Northwestern was delayed by a huge
landslide on the Ukiah-Cloverdale di
vision. Many tons of earth became
loosened from a hill at Hogans Cut.
near Echo, and covered the railroad
tracks for a considerable distance. A
delay of more than four hours was
caused by the slide and many pas
sengers were discommoded.
On the Southern Pacific's branch from
this city an engine and caboose were
thrown from the tracks and overturned
In the soft mud by the rails slip
ping from beneath the heavy en
gine Sunday afternoon. The ca
boose has been replaced on the rails,
but the engine has so far resisted the
efforts of a large number of men and
a steam derrick and still lies helpless
where it fell. The track, which was
torn up for a considerable distance by
the derailing of the engine and ca
bcose, has been reconstructed and
trains are again running on schedule
time.
The present rain bids fair to eclipse
the record of the previous storm, when
over five inches of rain fell. Creeks
and streams are brimful of water and
have attained a great velocity in the
rush to the sea. If the rain continues
It would do greater damage to rail
roads, as there are many low places
where the water stands for a consider
able depth during heavy downpours.
WILLITS, Feb4l5.— This place is ex
periencing one, of the worst storms in
years. Creeks "are overflowing their
banks and the electric lighting com
pany is under water, shutting off
light and power. There is no indica
tion of the stftrm letting up soon, and
should it continue over night railroad
traffic is liable to be suspended.
SANTA BARBARA. Feb. 15.— Rain
began falling here at midnight and
conditions indicate a heavy downfall.
STOCKTON. Feb. 15.— Rain began
falling here at 4 o'clock this afternoon
and continued throughout the night,
the fall up to midnight being .58, mak
ing 2.52 for the month and 6.79 for. the
season. All parts of the county are
now well supplied with moisture and
crops are in excellent condition.
FRESNO. Feb. 16.— Rain began fall
ing here about 10:30 last night and has
kept up steadily ever since, promising
the finest downpour of the season. Oc-
WARSHIP SAILS
TO GUANTANAMO
The Auxiliary Cruiser Prairie
Leaves Colon With a Battal
ion of Marines on Board
COLON. Feb. 15. — The United
States auxiliary cruiser Prairie with
a battalion of marines on board, un
der command of Major. Lucas, left
here to-night for Guantanamo. It ia
said that from that port she will go
to Santo Domingo.
The withdrawal of these marines
from the isthmus before the ratifica
tion of the treaty between Panama
and the United States is regarded as
an indication of the belief on the part
of the American authorities that
there is no probability of immediate
hostilities between Colombia and Pan
ama. Neverthless the warships of tha
United States are continuing their
watchful patrol of the entire Pana
man coast.
SAN DOMINGO, Monday. Feb. 8. —
The United States cruisers Minneap
olis and Columbia arrived here this
morning and a vessel of the Clyde line
is expected. The senior American
naval officer has no instructions to
protect American ships while unload
ing here.
The Minneapolis and the auxiliary
cruiser Yankee are to leave here this
afternoon. No action has yet been
taken by the American warship* to
ward obtaining satisfaction for the re
cent killing of a machinist of th-j
Yankee and the flrinsr on the Ameri
can flag by the insurgents.
NO CONTINUANCE IN
THE CUNNINGHAM CASE
Prosecution Cannot Locate Two Prin
cipal Witnesses In Trial of Ba
kersfield OU Man.
BAKERSFIELD, Feb. 15.— Late this
afternoon Judge Bennett refused the
continuance asked by the prosecution
in the case of W. P. Cunningham, the
oil man and former Sheriff of Santa
Fe, N. M.. who i3 charged with the al
leged theft of JSOO worth of drilling ma
chinery from the Valley View Oil Com
pany.
The motion was based on the failure
to locate the main prosecuting wit
nesses, C- S- Vezie and Joe Flory, the #
men who hauled the machinery from
Kern River to Sunset, doing so, accord
ing to their statements, at Cunning
ham's orders in the belief that he had
acquired title to it. Vezie himself was
tried for the alleged theft and acquit
ted, his defense being that stated
above. The work of getting a Jury was
in progress when court adjourned.
TRIAL OF COLONEL
GRIFFITHS IS BEGUN
Case of Los Anzeles Millionaire
Charged With Shootins His Wife
to Be Hard Fonsht.
. LOS ANGELES, Feb. 15.— The trial cC
Colonel Griffith J. Griffiths, the well
known Los Angeles capitalist afld n*
puted millionaire, on a charge of as
sault and attempted murder for having
shot his wife in the eye with a re
volver in their room at the Hotel Arca
dia, Santa Monica, on the 3d of last
September, was called this morning In
Judge Smith's division of the Superior
Court. The case gives every promise
of being a hard-fought one on both
sides. Colonel Griffiths is defended by
the law firm of Rogers & Brown, and
District Attorney Fredericks is being
assisted in the prosecution by ex-Gov
ernor Gage and Attorney Isadore Dock
weiler. The work of impaneling a jury
is now in progress.
casional sprinkles have occurred for
several days, but not till to-night diil
the fall begin In earnest. The rain of
two weeks ago started the grass in the
foothills and guaranteed feed for the
cattle, which were on the verge of star
vation. Up to this hour, 12:30 a. m.,
nearly half an inch has fallen.
56
INSTRUCTIVE STUDIES
BY NOTED MEN AND
WOMEN
Earth Movements.
~T O. FRrDERICX WRIGHT. A. M.. LI*.D.
Author of "The Ire Age In Xortb America,"
Asiatic RuKla." *tc.)
Copyright. 1904. by Joseph B. Bowles.)
The level of the ocean is more con
tar.t than that of the land. The ex
)r>r«:e of the ocean is three times .--•?
great RS that of the land, and its depth
more than ten times as great. If all
th*» lr.nd should be sunk in the ocean,
it ntrald raise the general water level
3r.lv about 300 feet. In general we
may Fay with perfect confidence that
:!ie ocean beds represent portions of
the earth's crust which have been
sinking: from th«» eariiest geological
times, while th« continents represent
those portions ■which, with many os
rfllaUons. hnve. on the whole, been
rising. It probably is not tru»\ as is
often stated, that the areas of land
and watrr have shifted places in past
time, so thnt continents were found
where the main ocean beds now lie,
iiri-3 oceans swept without interruption
ovor the continental areas. Still
t!:rre is the best of evidence that
!arsr«» portions of the existing conti
nents were at various "times below the
Ievri of the sea.
But. while this is true, it seems
equally certain that during the sub-
Fiden^e of theso areas below the sea
level they existed either as shallow
\v;:ter borders of the main continental
areas or as internal seas. For exam
1'le. the great, depth of sedimentary
rocks which cover the Mississippi ba
sin, extending from the Allegheny
Mountains to the Rocky Mountains,
are shallow water deposits. So shal
low, indeed, vraa the water during long
periods that it was little more than a
Fw.imp in which the vegetation that
f^tmed the numerous scams of coal
CDBld grow and nourish. But the lev
el VMM not constant. After a large
p.'.-i-iimulation of vegetable matter that
d be turned into coal had taken
place there was a slight and very gen
tl<» Linking of the whole area, so that
r.:ud and sand were brought in from
tlie neighboring higher lands to form
a' complete covering for the coal; so
that when it was turned into rock it
v.«? able to protect it and preserve it
for future ages. This process of slow
but irregular sinking of the Mississippi
barin continued until thousands of
feet of sedimentary material had been
washed into it, as the Mississippi is
carrying sediment into the Gulf of
Mexico at the present time. These
Fucre^sive strata, like the leaves of a
book, record the various downward
movements of the long coal period.
In other countries, especially in Eng
land and China, there is the same rec
ord of long continued I downward
movements of continental areas during
the coal period.
If this downward movement had con
tinued always the coal would have been
inaccessible beneath the depths of the
sea, where, indeed, much of it does still
remain. In Xova Scotia the best seams
of coal are mined many miles and at a
depth of many hundred feet below the
bottom of the sea. .In England also
S'jtne of the best seams of coal are fol
lowed out underneath the sea, and it
is supposed that coal veins are con
tinuous from southern England to the
C< ntincnt far beneath the bottom ©f
Dover Strait. But" fortunately the
downward motion of the coal area was
in due time arrested, and the contrary
movement begun, which has brought
this priceless material within easy
reach of men in the mountains of Penn
sylvania and China, in the hills of Eng
land and in the plateaux of the cen
tral and. •western States of America.
Oih'r illustrations of groat changes in
in nd levels are too numerous to be men
tiun* d in detail. In Colorado there was
a pra>1ual subsidence of land below sea
level <1uring the carboniferous and cre
taceous areas until from 12.000 to 13.000
feet of pediment had accumulated over
the sinking area. But at the end of
that period the area began to rise and
Shis rise has continued untilthe present
time, when it stands many thousand
fc-ct above the level of the sea.
Similar witness to such changes of
level is borne by extensive sedimentary
ro< ks containing abundant sea shells
of late geological age. which are found
at a height of 10,000 feet above the sea
or. the Pyrenees, the Alps and the Cau
casus mountains, and at a height of
14.000 feet upon the mountains of Cen
tral Asia. A map of the eastern con
tinent during the early part of the ter
tiary period shows a great Mediter
ranean Sea covering "all Central Europa
and extending into Asia, submerging
the highlands of Thibet and most of
the mountains of Turkestan. But that
this was not a general subsidence of
tfie continents is evident from the sim
ple fact that these areas are covered
with sedimentary strata. If mud and
sand and gravel are deposited fn water
there must be some area not far awa>
from which they could be derived.
While these general facts concern
ing rnanses in land level in ancient
Geological times beyond all question
are very impressive, less attention than
they merit has been given to the facts
Ehouins that corresponding changes
are ctlll {joins .on, and have produced
Flriking results within recent times,
and point to interesting conclusions
with reference to the future. In con
pprtiT»n with the glacial period, which
i.s th<\ most recent of all the geological
♦-;>«( ha. these changes of level are very
evident nnd connect themselves with
the early history of mankind. At the
close of the tertiary pcrriod. which
culminated in the claclal er^ *Ue cea-
tral and northern part of«North Amer
ica stood at a level of 2000 or 3000
feet above that it at present occupies.
This is proved by the existence of in
numerable channels now deeply buried
by glacial debris, or extending out
into the ocean across the shallow, sub
merged shelf of the continent both
upofl the Atlantic and Pacific coasts.
In Illinois, in Ohio and in Central New
York these buried channels .are found
down below sea level, showing that
the land must have been very much
elevated to allow the streams which
crossed these rocky gorges to make
their way to the sea from these dis
tant inland points. The ' cities of
Cleveland, Ohio, and Syracuse, N. Y.,
are built over such buried gorges. The
Delaware, the Hudson and the St. Law
rence rivers then emptied into the sea
100 miles or more east of the present
shore, running through deep gorges or
canyons, which crossed a level coastal
plain. The fiords of Greenland and of
Norway and of the Pacific coast of
North America bear similar testimony,
since they probably, in most cases,
mark the lines of ancient rivers which
coursed through them to the sea when
the land was so much elevated that
what are now the bottoms of these
channels were occupied by rushing
mountain torrents. In short, these
fiords are drowned river valleys.
Bending the Tzt*ig.
BT MRS. VIRGINIA VAN DE WATER.
(Copyright. 1904, by Joseph B. Bowles.)
A parent is no less a parent because
the child hasjattained years of so-caled
discretion. One feels at times that they
should be termed years of Indiscretion.
The relations with which we have to
do just now are those that exist be
tween the child and the parent — espe
cially the mother— after the boy or girl
Is beyond the boundaries of the nur
sery—that Is, after he has attained 10
or 12 years of age. It is at this point
that the young animal feels a desire for
freedom, and if not properfy curbed
this freedom will at times amount to
lawlessness.
It is safe to assert that the worst chil
dren in the civilized world are the
American children. I do not mean that
they are more vicious, more unprinci
pled than children of other nations, but
they are certainly less amenable to just
authority, less respectful to their elders
and more sure of themselves, their
rights and Independence. If one doubts
this let one note the manner of the
average girl or boy of 14 toward the
mother.
A few weeks ago in a crowded ele
vated train in which I had managed to
get a seat a mother, daughter and
father stood in the aisle directly in
front of me. I could not help overhear
ing their conversation. All were hand
somely dressed — the father and mother
evidently people of education. The
mother sighed wearily and said, to the
14-year-old girl that she was tired.
"Of course, you are," was the quick
rejoinder. "I told you if you took the
elevated you would have to stand. But
you would do it."
"But," said the mother, in gentle ex
planation, "it takes so much less time
to come this way."
"Well, then," was the pert rejoinder,
"if you are glad you came why do you
make so much fuss about It? You're
here, so let the matter drop!"
The mother, after the manner of the
obedient American maternal, subsided
into silence, and the father, hearing all
this conversation, administered no re
buke to the Impertinent child. Had she
been 40 instead of 14 she deserved
harsh censure for thus addressing a
person older than herself, and that per
son her mother.
Still, the mother was to blame more
than the child. Had she not been al
lowed to go wrong from her cradle,
speaking impertinently, she would not
do so now. One clever but disrespect
ful girl voiced this truth when her
mother, chiding her for impertinence,
added:
"Margaret, I now appreciate that you
were not spanked often enough when
you were a child."
The girl's eyes flashed.
"That was not my fault," she re
sponded. "If you did not see your duty
toward me then, you may pay for it
now."
Verily the education should have be
gun in childhood — yes, even in baby
hood.
Still, there are girls and boys who,
having been tractable in Infancy, feel
that when they leave the childish stage
they need no longer obey. This is the
case in nine homes out of ten. Mothers
ask: "What shall I do with my girl,
who- insists upon going to parties when
I think she should be studying?" "How
can I make my son study? He wants
to leave school now instead of taking
the course we had planned for him."
Ah, the pity of it all! And the evil
lies at the root of our system of child
training. There Is but one remedy. It
is that each home shall be a monarchy
In which father and mother are king
and queen, the children the loyal and
loving subiects. The law followed is
the law of love, always accompanied
by Justice. The children must feel that
love is back of everything, and that
If they neglect to obey this law, Justice
will step in. This is not an Impossible
state of affairs. I know one home in
which the children, growing "up to
men's estate, dread more seeing a look
of disappointment on the face of the
dear mother than they would the lash
of a whip. While young they learned
to obey, and as they grew older their
sense of Justice showed them that love
for them and unselfish - regard ft^ their
symmetrical development physically,
mentally, morally were the ruling pow
ers in the home. After the age of six
or seven years was attained punish
ment was never necessary. It should
not have been. With years of discre
tion should come the feeling of "no
bfesse oblige" that makes a boy or girl
honor the parents and respect them
selves too much to swerve Into paths
that are evil.
An Illinois woman Is said to have
confessed that she stole a lead pencil
twenty years ago and has just paid the
owner of the store for It.
"And yet there can be no doubt that
she meant to do the write thing when
she tools it
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 1904.
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor ......... . Address AH Communications to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Office <r£gn^^ft Third and Market Streets, a P.
TUESDAY. . .;..'., ,. . ;.....' FEBRUARY 16. 1904
THE DEATH OF SENATOR HANNA.
THE country loses a conspicuous and honorable
personality in the death of Senator .Hanna. His
career was characteristically and creditably Amer
ican. Born in Ohio, when frontier conditions were upon
that State, he received his most valuable scholastic train
ing in the public schools and developed his remarkable
business faculty in assisting his father, who was in mer
cantile pursuits in Cleveland. The family is of Quaker
fctock and must have in it an element of great strength.
His cousin, Mr. H. H. Hanna of Indianapolis, the son of
his father's brother/is one of the foremost men of the
country, to whom we owe the improvement in our finan
cial legislation and the final adoption of the gold stand
ard.
The Senator early saw the business possibilities of the
lake traffic and the importance of the iron industry in
Northern Michigan and began development as the
builder of a lake fleet, the owner of mines and dealer in
iron products, in which he amassed his fortune. It ■ is
mainly owing to his pioneering that the largest water
tonnage in the world, past a single point, passes Detroit
every year.
He was unknown in politics, except locally, until 1896.
In that year his exertions procured the nomination of
McKinley, between whom and him the tenderest friend
ship had long existed. As chairman of the Republican
National Committee he took charge of that remarkable
campaign, and it was his quick eye that, saw the turn in
the issues when the nomination of Mr. Bryan gave to the
Republican party the advantage of appearing as the advo
cate of v sound' money.
He was a great believer in the triumph of right princi
ples by right methods. His fearlessness of discussion
was shown during that campaign by his order to the
superintendent of his iron mines in Northern Michigan
to give all the employes a holiday to hear Mr. Bryan
speak in the town nearest to the mines.
He was appointed to the Senate March 5, 1897, to'
succeed John Sherman, who became Secretary of State.
In 1898 he was elected to complete the term and for the
succeeding full term, which expires March, 1905. The
present Legislature last month elected him to the term
expiring March, 191 1, by the largest majority ever given
a Senator in that State.
He was a most useful Senator. His capacity for work
and knowledge of affairs were utilized in the business of
the Senate. In debate he was skillful and successful, al
ways sustaining himself in a running fight, even with that
rough rider in discussion. Senator Tillman.
He was a man of plain life and most Jiumane impulses,
lovable and approachable in personal intercourse and a
promoter of good works and morality. He 'Organized
and headed the Civic Federation for the purpose of se
curing justice between employers and employes and end
ing industrial wars.
Though he was a delegate to the National Conventions
of his party in 1S84, 188S and 1S96, and was appointed
bj- President Cleveland a director of the Union Pacific
Railway, he excited no antagonisms until he entered the
arena as the champion of his friend McKinley. Then he
had to endure the abuse which is always the advertise
ment of the success and ability of its victim. But in his
case the sustained attack made upon him had an element
of virulence unusual in American politics. The first im
pression made by it upon public opinion was unfavorable
to him. But he went straight on and outlived it, having
the satisfaction of seeing himself entrenched in the re
spect of his countrymen as a sincere, upright and espe-
cially level-headed American.
He is the last of the older generation of Ohio men who
have so deeply impressed the destiny of their country
and will be sincerely mourned by the good men of all
parties and by all Americans who realize the force he
exerted for the honor and welfare of his country.
Charles E. Murphy, chief of Tammany, says he will
not permit the New York delegation to the Democratic
National Convention to be pledged to any Presidential
candidate. Mr. Murphy might have added that there is
nothing in the history of his organization to indicate that
it can be induced to stay pledged to any nominee.
AMERICANS ON JAPANESE SHIPS.
IT is reported that the Russian naval authorities are
much disquieted, in fact inclined, to panic, by the re
port that American naval officers are directing Ja
pan's ships of war. In this, country no naval officers on
the active list -have been missed, nor is it believed here
that the Japanese require such assistance. Many of their
naval officers were educated in our naval school at An
napolis, and the Japanese naval academy is modeled
after ours. In it her officers have been elaborately
trained in naval tactics, and, like all island people, sea
manship is instinctive with them.
The position of Japan in the East is much like that of
the British Isles in Europe. England maintained her in :
dependence by the seamanship of her people and the
strength of her navy. Since the destruction of the"Span
ish Armada her coasts have not been seriously threat
ened, and military authorities have' generally admitted
the impossibility of landing a hostile force on her shores.
In our two wars with Great. Britain we succeeded in of-
fensively protecting ourselves against her navy, but
made no attempt to invade her soil.
Japan has taken a lesson from the book of England's
experience, and has built a navy modern in all its equip
ment, and in seamanship and tactics, gunnery-and speed,
it is stronger than the exhibit made by comparative ton
nage. If she succeed in naval warfare her position will
exactly duplicate that of Great Britain.
Of course it is possible that 'she 'has in her. service
Americans who have been trained at Annapolis, but
there are grave doubts that any of them are on the ac
tive list of our navy. Russia should not be unduly ex
cited. Americans trained to war are fond of a fight, and
it is not unlikely that many will be found on. Japanese
ships, and even in her land forces. If they, choose to en
ter her service it is at their own risk, and their Govern
ment cannot prevent them. As Japanese officers . they
must have the same treatment as other men-at-arms, un
der the laws and rules of war. If captured they are pris
oners of war, subject to parole and exchange.
The only case in. which our Government could inter
fere would arise if Russia to treat them other
wise, and then we could only demand that they be ap-.
corded the same treatment as Japanese prisoners of war.
To refuse this would be a violation of the laws of war,
for which our Government, could demand and enforce
reprisals. Tn the Russian army are many Frenchmen,
one of the Bonapartes being a major general in com
mand in the Caucasus. During our Civil War French
men were in active service in the armies of the Confed
eracy and theUnion, one of the Bourbon Princes -being
on • the staff of General McClellaru" 'In; the war between
Chile and Peru an American was a high officer in the
Feruvian army. When taken prisoner Chile condemned
him to be shot, but his life was saved by the British
Consul, who threatened to punish such violation of the
laws of war by bombarding Valparaiso.
If the present war be prolonged, no doubt, many
Americans and Englishmen will be found in the service
of Japan, but they will be there as individuals only, and
will in no sense be representative of their governments.
In the war between- Japan and China the Chinese war
ships were commanded by Germans, and no one inti
mated that their presence involved the German empire
in the struggle. There is a manifest disposition on the
part of Russia to kick at this country and Great Britain.
But she is entirely to blame for the sympathy of the
pe"5ple of both countries with Japan. She'has repeatedly
and flagrantly broken faith with both, in the failure to
evacuate Manchuria, and while the governments re
main neutral the people resent such tactics. The supe
rior civilization of Japan appeals to Americans and Eng
lishmen, who have no sympathy with a government
that turns the campus of its own universities into a
shambles,' and beats male and female students into sub
mission with Cossack whips.
It is true that Michael Davitt declares that the sym
pathies of Ireland are with Russia, but this is to be
taken with a grain of salt. It can hardly be possible that
any considerable number of liberty-loving people can
sympathize with a government that is using the sword
to cut out the ancient privileges of Finland, and op
presses and slaughters Jews. As Mr. Davitt was the
special'writer selected by Mr. Hearst to deal with the
Kishenev massacre, it is little less than remarkable that
he can sympathize with such a government as he de
scribed Russia to be.
To go back to the main question, there is every rea
son why Americans sympathize with Japan. Our pos
session of Hawaii and the Philippines has made us the"
dominant power in the Pacific. We want Eastern Asia
opened not to our trade exclusively, but to the com- 1
merce of the world. This is also the aspiration and pur
pose of Japan. But Russia seeks an exclusive control
wherever her foot is planted, that is not only a national
affront to us, but demotes us in the Pacific. Japan .is
pluckily fighting our battle, and if Americans choose to
enlist under her flag they are doing a perfectly natural
lt is said upon the highest authority that both Russia
and Japan are in sore need of money with which to
maintain an efficient state of war. From present san
guinary indications both powers will need a great deal
more money with which to restore habitable conditions
after war is over. '
A HARD TASK.
A CARD is now being circulated throtrgh the mails
by some gentlemen of Kansas City requesting
various persons of more or less local influence to
permit the use of their names as members of a "Nation
al Executive Committee," whose object is to nominate
and elect Hon. Alton B. Parker of New York to the
Presidency of the United States in 1904. .. . ' .
It is rather an indefinite way of making a canvass'. The
cards are evidently being distributed indiscriminately,
for the one that came to The Call, after stating that the
committee is to establish' "National Democratic Parker
for President Leagues in every voting place in the
United States," closes by saying: "If your time is too
much occupied, please hand the request to a 'Parker for
President,' live, always a Democrat, who will organize a
league to be known as No. 1 in your city, county, town
ship or voting place."
It will be conceded by any one who gives the subject
due thought that thejavor requested of us by the card
is a difficult one. It is not easy to find in this part of the
country a "live" Democrat who has been "always a
Democrat"; how tedious then would be the search for
one who in addition to being a live and a perennial, un
changing Democrat, is also a Parker for President
Democrat?
We are inclined to believe that most of the perennial
Democrats are" dead, while the live ones were most of
them at one time either Populists or Greenbackers or
something of that sort. It is doubtful if any of them
ever heard of Parker . or even so much as care to hear
about him.' Of course there may be a Parker for Presi
dent Democrat somewhere in the great West, and if
there be an advertisement in The Call would find him.
However, we have no intention of indulging in such
advertising, for it would be a gross wrong to bring up
some good citizen out of the quiet retirement where he
has had a chance to read Judge Parker's name and to re
member it, and put him into the forefront of his voting
district as an organizer of a Parker for President league,
thus exposing him to every brickbat a Bryanite can lay
bold of. .
There is at any rate no use hunting for a Parker
needle in the Democratic political haystack at this sea
son of the year when there are so many big things in
sight. We may as well let the search pass, content in
the assurance that if there be any such needle some Bry
anite candidate will find it the first time he happens to
sit down on the stack.
LOST, STRAYED OR STOLEN.
D. N Wednesday of last week the yellow journal pub
lished what purported to be a special dispatch
from Douglas Story writing from Chefu.,, On the
following day in the same journal Douglas Story wrote
another dispatch dated London. Thjpn, to the astonish
ment of lovers of. ubiquity, he disappeared or blew up.
Where. is Douglas Story now? Or, more pertinent
perhaps to the curiosity of tolerant readers that indulge
the nightmares which the local yellow sheet is forced to
substitute for news of the Russo-Japanese war, who- is
Douglas Story? On Wednesday he was at Chefu pic
turing events that happened neither on land nor on sea.
He was employing the longest leased wire in the world
tg describe battles that have not been fought except in
the riotous imagination of the Yellow Kid.
> On Thursday Douglas Story was'in London, thousands
of miles. away from Chefu, torturing opinions unthought
of by statesman and diplomats into expressions wild,
weird and impossible. But where is Douglas Story now?
Where has this commissioner plenipotentiary, this cm
bassador extraordinary of the Yellow Kid, this fabricator
of hideous dreams, gone? He is not in Chefu and he is
not in London. Ubiquitous as he doubtless is, is he in
San Francisco? ..-
Or is he of the stuff that dreams are made of? Was
the man' who created him on Wednesday out of town on
Thursday? Has" Douglas Story been lost, strayed or
stolen, or has he gone to join the other war correspond
ent of Yellow "Kidisrn, the immortal Hornbrook? The
Yellow "Kid. is hiding his blushing face behind his ears.
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
Quarts on Intellect.
"They du say that man is better than
the critters and standin* up pretty close
alongside the angels. But I can't go
in on that deal 'thout drawin' to a
■ little pair." Quartz Billings was draw
ing meditative lines in the beer slop
on the bar and seemed to be in a rem
iniscent mood. "Leastwise I knew one
sucker who wasn't better than a sheep
fer brains. He was Jest a. lgnorantalus.
"You see me an' my friend Yankee
Ebenzer wuz doln' night shift in the
300 level of old Three Star mine up
Sonora way. Things wuz goln* along
as quiet as a pig In bran mash when
'long comes a wall-eyed gazoot from
off the railroad. He was out-an'-out
the most ornery specimen of God's hu
mans an' fer sense— but wait til I tell
you.
"The shift boss wuz shy. of men
"count of Cornish Charley's beln* Jailed
for bigamy, so he. puts this gazabe in
pushln" a ore car on my level. He
wuz a perfectly 'normous brute— could
a' pushed a hog engine before break
fast up any grade, on the divide.
"He worked Jes six hours, that Is,
fnim six til midnight. Then we knocks
off for the eat. He wuz a sittln' thers
forkin' the grub out'n his pail when
suddent he whines, 'The damned chink
give me no pie.'
"We pays no 'special attention, think
in* he was a ornery brute.
" "That cook give me no pie,' he
shputs, gittin* sort of het up when he
sees us fellers lappin' up the dried ap
ple sandwiches.
"Yankee Ebenzer looks up kinder
bored like an' yet mournful, like a par
son prayin' over a hard sinner.
" 'Go ring thirteen bells for pie,* he
says, short an* sharp.
"Well, sir, that galoot goes an' rings
thirteen bells at the shaft, which is
the gen'r'l alarm for fire.
"His pie don't come down in the skip,
but the manager in his pajamas comes
down.
"An* you ought to've seen that wall
eyed man go up."
He Was All Right, bui-
Cupid Danforth and Justice of the
Peace Lawson are of the opinion just at
present that the world is a very wicked
place. They reached this conclusion
several days ago after a little experience
they had with a handsome young man
and a dashing brunette, who requested
their aid In a matrimonial affair.
When the handsome young man got
the license to wed his charming com
panion from Danforth he asked to be
directed to a Justice of the Peace who
would tie the knot with little delay.
Danforth took him to the chambers of
Lawson, and In a very few minutes the
dashing pair became husband and wife.
As the happy couple were leaving the
Judge's rooms the groom, with a beam
ing smile and a very hearty "Thank
you, gentlemen," pressed a ten-dollar
gold piece into the hands of both Law
son and Danforth. "This for your trou
ble," he said in a most engaging man
ner.
Danforth and Lawson congratulated
each other, and then the Judge suggest
ed that as business was so good a trip
acrcfes the street would not be a bad
thing to take. "I concur," said Dan
forth, and forth they went.
They came back sadder but -wiser
men. The bartender refused to take
Danforth's newly acquired gold piece,
because it was not good, and Lawson's
was similarly treated. Danforth is not
so sad as he might have been, for the
$2 given hini for the marriage license
was good, at least.
Yerkes' First Venture.
Charles T. Terkes, who is now busy
supplying London with an adequate
rapid transit system, began his busi
ness career with a successful specula
tion that did not Involve the outlay of
a dollar. It was a Saturday afternoon
and he was strolling along a wharf
in Philadelphia, when he came to a
store where an auction sale was in
progress.
"How much am I offered for this box
of soap?" asked the auctioneer.
The 13-year-old boy looked at the
brand and saw that It was the same
soap as that used in his home. He
knew what his mother paid for it at
retail, and so he made a bid. The auc
tioneer smiled -at him, cried the bid
once, and said: "Sold to— what's your
name, bub?"
"Charley Yerkes."
"Sold to Charley Yerkes for ."
Then another box was put up and bid
in by the boy. and this was continued
until fifty boxes had been struck off
to him. He had a deposit of $5 in a
savings bank, which had been there
for some months. He showed the auc
tioneer his certificates of deposit and
said he would soon return and pay for
the soap.
He went to the grocer witft whom
his family traded and asked him if he
wanted to buy some soap. The grocer
asked how much he had and what It
was worth. The lad" replied that he
had fifty boxes and that he would sell
the lot for a certain sum, naming an
amount double that which the soap
had cost him at the auction house. The
deal was closed, and then the store
keeper asked the lad how he had come
by It. When young Yerkes told him.
the man opened his eyes and said: "I
had Intended to go to that auction, but
forgot it." The boy did not draw his
$5 from the bank, and thereafter It was
his great pride to add to it. "It Is sur
prising." said he, not long ago. in tell
ing the story of his first money mak
ing effort', "how It grew from year to
year. When I was*21 years of age the
money of which this was the founda
tion amounted to several thousand dol
lars."—Success.
Complimentary.
The Ran Franclsco % Call Is eminently
worthy to be styled the "leading home
paper" of California. Within the last
seven years, since the present proprie
tor and manager came Into possession.
It has almost doubled Its circulation. Aa
a purveyor of news It takes In the Special Information supplied dally to
world, without neglecting the city of £ usincss houses and public men by th«
SanFranclsco and the State of Callfor- %&?££? wSKn^liSS'loff
nia. In politics It is sound. In morals
conservative. on . social questions
worthy of universal confidence. As an
advertising medium It Is unexcelled.—
Fleasanton Times.
"Seen a Ghost."
The London Chronicle recounts tha
following remarkable suit Just com
pleted in an English court:
One of the most remarkable claims
under the workmen's compensa<ion act
has been heard at the Tredegar County
Court, the Judge reserving his (decision.
Frederick George SheUard. a lad
aged 14 years, was in the employ of
the Powells Tlllery Steam Coal Col
lieries Company in May last. He was
a pit boy, earning 10s a week as an as
sistant to his father, a collier. On me
occasion the father sent him to get
what Is known as a "stick."
Amid the gloom and loneliness of the
collier the lad says that he suddenly
felt something brush past him and he
was confronted by two glaring eyes.
This greatly terrified the lad. for most
miners are exceeding superstitious. He
cried out to his father to come and
help him. and was so evercome by
what he regarded as an apparition that
he had to be taken home.
Tlje Judge suggested that the eyes
were those of a cat, but the solicitor
for the lad did not readily assent to
this explanation.
Three days afterward the father took
the boy again to the collier, with a
view to convincing him that there was
nothing to alarm him. So great was
the shock, however, that the boy had
not been able to work underground
since. The medical evidence showed
that the lad now suffered from St.
Vitus* dance, brought about by fright.
Compensation was claimed at ths
rate of 5s 3d a week, but the company
repudiated liability.
'Armenian Brigands.
A remarkable Instance of brigandage,
as the dominant and Irresistible pas
sion, is reported from the mountainous
district of Aslzie. not far from
Ephesus. Here lived a man named Cla
chig, once a redoubtable brigand, but
for many years a reclaimed character.
Living quietly among his people, free
from all offense, and attending dili
gently to his concern*. Tie had come to
be regarded as a model peasant and
steps were being taken ta crown the
long immunity which he had long en-
Joyed as the reward for his respectable
life by obtaining his pardon from the
Sultan. Suddenly, as though acting un
der ungovernable Impulse, and from no
apparent cause. Ciachlg once more took
to the hills. Since then crime has fol
lowed crime and. although the time is
only a few weeks, more than half a
dozen murders have been commuted,
mostly of Albanian shepherds. The
district Is In consternation, and instead
of pardon a price is ence more set oa
the bandit's head.
Fashion in Words.
Every word, no less than every dog.
says Notes and Queries, has its day,
and now is the chance of "fiscal." It
has a close competitor in "dump." but
it manages to maintain pre-eminence.
The use of it has Increased a thousand
fold and tongues utter It glibly, under
eyes that but a year ago hardly knew
the word by sight. Nr,-t Ions ago th»
keeper of a registry office informed a
lady who was in search of a kitchen
maid that the fiscal conditions of do
mestic service had entirely changed in
recent times.
'Ansivcrs to Queries ,
ALABAMA'S GOVERNOR— A. 8..
City. William D. Jelks, Democrat. i3
Governor of Alabama. His term will
expire January, 1907.
PRISONERS— Subscriber. City. Ac
cording to the reports of June SO. 1303.
of the prisoners in tho State prison
at San Quentin. 1007 were born In the
United States and 432 m^-foreign coun
tries; of these 57 were Xlc-ngolians. At
the Folsom prison there were 602 na
tives of the United States and 2C6 na
tives of foreign countries; the number
of Mongolians was 20.
WEDDING ATTIRE— A Reader.
City. At a morning wedding where
the bride wears a traveling costume
the correct dress for the groom Is a
traveling suit. The fact that tha
bride's costume Is such Is evidence that
the couple Intend to start on a journey
without delay, consequently a full dres3
suit would be out of place.
BY DIRECT VOTES— Citizen. Oak
land, Cal. The Legislatures that have
passed resolutions asking Congress to
call . a convention for the purpose of
considering an amendment to the con
stitution of the United States provid
ing for a direct popular vote for United
States Senators are Arkansas. Califor
nia. Idaho. Kansas. Kentucky. Min
nesota. Missouri. Montana. Nevada.
North Dakota. Oregon, Texas, Utah
and Washington.
Townsend'n California since fruits and
candies. Me a pound, in artistic Ire
cichcii boxes. A nice present for Eastern
Irtends. Tt5 Market st.. above Call bltlg. *CALIFORNIA IS FAVORED
FOR A MANEUVER CAMP
Adjutant General Drain of Washngton Gives Up Fight
:na Asks That Matter Be Postponed— C.vil Service
Criticized and Pension and Cab Bills Harshly Treated
WASHINGTON. Feb. 15. — Senator
Perkins has received and submitted
resolutions adopted by the San Fran
cisco section of the Navy League of
the United States setting forth that the
"welfare of the country requires the
inauguration of such definite scheme
°f nrvil construction extending over
a term of years as will provide the
country with a homogeneous fleet of
war vessels of all needed classes and
of the most modern approved type;
ilie possession of k powerful neet
'would be a guarantee of peace. The
navy «jf the United States at the pres
oni time, the resolutions declare, is
composed of so many r.nd such vary
ing types of vessels as seriously to mar
its effectiveness and confine the ves
sels of greater speed, cos.1 endurance
arnl other features of effectiveness
to the sphere of action of those of in
ferior description. The California
delegation in Congress is urged indi
vidually and collectively to do what it
can to have the National Legislature
take such action as will remedy these
conditions and provide a scheme of
progressive naval development along
definite lines in the immediate future.
XEW MANEUVER CAMP.
"Adjutant General Drain of the
.Washington National Guard, who was
introduced by retiring Secretary Root
to the incoming Secretary Taft us the
best adjutant general of the National
<iuard. has been here some time look
ing after the interests of Washington
soldiery and largely as a champion of
a site on American Lake, near Puget
i^ound, as the rendezvous and maneu
ver camx» for the West. This site has
the unqualified support and indorse
inent of General Funston. who was
delegated by the department to- In
ispect it. That it is not likely to be
chosen, however, is made to appear in
the fa.ct that General Drain has ad
dressed his eloquence and energy to
itaving the whole matter Indefinitely
postponed. The argument he has
bet-u met with in urging the selection
*>f the Pu_ret Sound site is that it is
too remote and to carry the National
Guard of Oregon and California to
Washington would be expensive with
regard to both time and money out of
:tll proportion to the reverse of the
proposition — that of carrying the
guard of the Northwest* to California.
The reason is that the number of
pruardsmen in Washington, Idaho and
Montana are comparatively few.
In behalf of the Washington site
General Drain urges that in the event
of war in the Orient the troops would
take ehii< at Pus;et Sound, he believes
— just why he so believes he does not
inake clear — and that the possession
of a camp ground there would be just
in* thing. In the meantime it would
be good practice for such an embark
ation to carry the troops there to
maneuver every year. If the selection
of a permanent camp is not made now
General Drain believes Congress and
the War Department may be brought
to this view at some later day. To
the average layman this would appear
to be simply handing the case over to
California and if contention among
the advocates in that State does not
keep the matter in the air choice will
piybabJy be inade there.
The proposed appropriation of so
large a sum as $250,000 to the work
■ if investigating the boll weevil, so de
structive to the cotton crop, has
drawn a letter from California's State
Horticultural Commissioner. Eliwood
Cooper, addressed to Senator Bard, in
which he suggests that the proper line
Of inquiry in this regard is to attempt
to discover the natural enemy of the
pest. Senator Bard has submitted the
to Secretary of Agriculture
Wilsoru
In accordance with the request
made by Senator Foster upon the
rtate Department and upon the Sec
retary of the Department of Com
merce and Labor the former has no
tified the Senator that he has suggest
ed a joint conference between the
Canadian fishing: interests and the
fishing interests of the Pacific North
west to be held on Puget Sound early
in March.- The object is to arrive, if
possible, at a decision which will per
mit of the establishment of joint fish
hatcheries on the Frazer River in or
<?er to Increase and perpetuate the
fishing- industry of Puget Sound.
SEATTLE HAS COMPLAINT.
The Merchants' Association of Seat
tle has sent resolutions to the Wash
i::gton delegation in Congress with a
call for aid from the California dele
gation asking for tne repeal of the act
of Congress approved April 29 — "to
facilitate the procurement of statis
tics of trade between the United
States nnd its -non-contiguous terri
tory." Exporters, say the resolutions,
l;.;ve been and are now required un
der the Treasury Department regula
tions prescribed to file a manifest with
th*» customs authorities Bhowfns in de
tail the quantity and value of each
item of domestic merchandise Jn every
.shipment. These requirements, they
fiay, are the source of constant annoy
ence and expense to mercantile inter
ests engr-Tjred !n export trr.de to the
Philippines and Hawaii to an extent
out of all i^roportioii to the value of
the information obtained. The ef
forts of the delegation are asked to be
addressed to the repeal of the law.
While the House of Representatives
tm yesterday wrestling with the item
in the appropriation bill for a loan of
$4,500,000 to the St. Louis Exposition
th« Senate was debating the proposed
nr'Propriation for Portland's Lewis and
Clark Exposition. In the latter case
Senator Perkins occupied the chair —
the discussion in both cases being in
committee of the whole. When, after
much amending of the bill and a ma
terial reduction of the appropriation
.°.s at first proposed, the Senate came
to a vote, Senator Perkins manifested
his Interest in behalf cf the Portland
Exposition by declaring the bill passed
when he hr.d hoard the "aj'es." v ; v v
' \VTLL FIGHT WAGON* ROAD.
General F. E. Ballaine, formerly ad
.lutant eeneral of the State of Wash
j::p:ton. is in the city prepared to oppose
certain features of Senator Nelson's
bj;i making an appropriation of $250,009
for the construction of a wagon road
from Valdez to Eagle City, Alaska.
General Ballaine believes this money,
if appropriated, should be placed In the
GRAPE-NUTS.
Ask Wife
■ to save the miniature book
"The Road to
Wellville"
found in each package of
Grape-Nuts
Big Ideas
BY S. \V. WALL.
hands of a commission authorized to
place it where it would do the most
good. By this it is quite clear General
Ballaine does not think it should be
spent on the Valdez-Eagle wagon road.
Senator Nelson, on the other hand, is
firmly of the opinion that this is ex
actly where the expenditure would do
the most good. This is only another
instance of that opposition on the part
of Alaskan promoters themselves that
works to the defeat of every good thing
for Alaska. General Ballaine is inter
ested in the Alaska Central Railway—
a railway proposed to be built from
Seward, a point on the coast at Cooks
Inlet, northward to the Tanana River.
The Alaskan Senatorial Commission of
last summer did not visit Seward, but
did stop at Valdez and was well re
ceived there, as of course they should
have been, in j?o far as a little settle
ment on that bleak coast could enter
tain eo distinguished- a party. Advo
cates of the Alaska Central speak of
this fart as accounting somewhat for
the difference in sentiment with regard
to the two places. There are many
representatives of the Valdez country
here urginp the necessity of the wagon
road, and there will be a warm contest
in committee concerning it. Ey-Unit
<?d States Senator Turner of Washing
ton is exDeoted to advocate the Alaska
Central at that time. These same peo
ple and interests will clash when the
bill introduced by Senator Mitchell
providing for a subsidy of $5000 prr
mile for every mi!<? of the proposed
Valdez, Copper River and Tanana
Railroad that is actually laid is pa3std.
The Alaska Central people will oppose
this with the simple and probably ef
fective declaration that they are asking
for no subsidy.
And now comes Mr. Humphrey of
Washington with a new bill proposing
an appropriation of $500,000 for a mili
tary and postroad from Valdez to
Eagle City on the Yukon, another
$500,000 for a road from Tyonick on
Cooks Inlet to Rampart on the Yukon,
and $500,000 for still another road from
Iliamna on Cooks Inlet to Holy Cross
Mission on the north bank of the
Yukon. The presumption is reasonable
that this generous and doubtless alto
gether proper measure will also be op
posed by Alaskans.
FIG1ITIXG CIVIL SERVICE.
Some week? ago when the civil appro
priation hill was under consideration in
the House that body registered a pro
test against the civil service as it is
operated, or as the civil service system
has worked itself out. The House,
working in committee of the whole,
; voted almost unitedly in favor of with
holding the appropriation for sustain
ing the civil service. Republicans and
Democrats alike excoriated the system
not as a system — a merit system — but
for its development — the condition to
which it had come. The service was
burdened with superannuated clerks,
which embarrassed the work of nearly
every department, and which clerks the
heads of departments suffering from
this embarrassment knew no way of
getting rid of. Of course, it was admit
ted the law gave to these heads of de
partments its authority for releasing
these clerks, made a way to get rid of
them, but custom had become stronger
than the law — no one had ever dis
charged these useless clerks, and there
fore no one ever would or ever could.
The head of one department was quoted
as saying that a large proportion of
his clerical force would be unable to
reach their desks If the elevators were
not running, and that he would under
take to do the work in his department
V>etter and more speedily if he were
given authority to make choice of 200
young and capable men to take the
place of the 500 who were on the payroll
in his office. It was in face of state
ments like this that the committee of
the whole voted to withhold the ap
propriation necessary to sustain the
civil service, while the members them
selves admitted that to withhold the
money would result only in embarrass
ment, for the treasury would still be
liable for the service. Therefore, hav
ing reported as committee of the whole
to the House this action, the House
when it came to a vote upon the propo
sition reversed the committee and sus
tained the appropriation by a large ma
jority. Nevertheless a protest had been
registered, nor was this the first time.
As a result of the sentiment created
the House Committee on Reform In
the Civil Service has begun a series of
hearings that are developing a great
deal of interesting information along
the lines indicated. Just what will re
sult is an open question. From the
testimony already adduced there ap
pear to be hundreds of old men on the
pay rolls, men who have grown old in
the service— but who are not only
lengthening the roll, but interfering
wjth the effectiveness of the depart
ments. What is to be done with them
Is the thing to be determined. The dis
position to shy at a new pension roll is
very general in Congress.
CARRIAGE BILLS EXCESSIVE.
Another thing that developed in the
discussion of that same bill and which
reached no conclusion there has since
borne fruit or is in the process of bear
ing. Representative Landis Introduced
a resolution restricting the use of car
riages at the public expense and for
the public service, generally speaking,
to the Executive and heads of depart
ments. If the carriages for the use of
which the Government had to pay
were strung in line, he said, they
would reach from the Peace monu
ment—which stands In front of the
Capitol — to the Treasury, fifteen long
blocks away. Not only were the car
riages used by clerks and private sec
retaries, who might be -expected *to
take the street car, but the carriages
were driven by coachmen for whom
no provision was made in any appro
priation, and who, in order that their
wage might be extracted from the pub
lic treasury without protest were list
ed indefinitely as "laborers." Nor did
this statement create any surprise. In
the very general and interesting dis
cussion that followed it was admitted
by the old members that this condition
was a matter of common knowledge.
Like the tolerance for the superannu
ated clerks, it was a custom that had
grown, and no man — or at least no
Congress— had been brave enough to
say "Xo" to it. But the resolution
passed, and, not only that, the subject
has been kept alive ever since by reso
lutions of Inquiry, protests on the part
of the heads of departments as to their
lack of knowledge in the premises or
belief in the allegations. However, it
is likely that the carriage bill will be
greatly reduced this year and that
coachmen will be a drug in the mar
ket.
Mining Case Is Argued.
Argument on the question of the
right of F. W. Bradley and others to
vote 40.000 shares of stock at a meet
ing of the Orovllle Gold Dredging and
Exploration Compa'ny was heard by
Judge Slosa yesterday and the matter
taken under submission. The question
was brought up by a Buit for an in
junction restraining the directors from
voting the stock brought by .Tonn
Hays Hammond and other stockhold
ers, they claiming that the stock had
been fraudulently issued.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY. FEBRUARY IB. li>04.
BOTKIN TRIAL
IS POSTPONED
Disirict Attorney- Byington
3Iakes a Proper Showing and
Judge Grants a Continuance
FILES HIS AFFIDAVIT
Court Is Assured Witnesses
for Prosecution Outside the
State Will Be Here March 10
Judge Cook did not carry out his
threat to dismiss the case of Mrs. Cor
delia Botkin, charged with the mur
der of Mrs. Mary Elizabeth Dunning,
yesterday, but continued- the case
till March 10, when it is expected that
the witnesses in Delaware and other
Eastern States will be present.
The defendant was in court, looking
plump and self-possesled. She was
accompanied by her sister and when
she entered she smilingly shook hands
with her attorneys, George A. Knight
and Frank McGowan. She appeared
to take a keen interest in the pro
ceedings and when the case was con
tinued she engaged in earnest conver
sation for some minutes with her at
torneys. Detectives Kd Gibson and
Whi taker were in court, prepared to
rearrest her should the case be dis
missed.
STATE ASKS CONTINUANCE.
When the case was called Attorney
Knight, for the defendant, said he was
ready to proceed with the trial. Dis
trict Attorney Byington said he was
not ready, owing to the absence of
witnesses outside of this State. He
asked for a continuance till March 15,
when he hud every assurance that
these witnesses would be here, and he
hoped the defendant's attorneys would
offer no objection. He had spoken to
Attorney Knight about two weeks ago
on the subject and Knight had stated
that he was agreeable to a continu
ance. He would ask Knight now if
he would consent to the trial going
over till March 15.
Knight replied that he was ready
for trial and if the District Attorney
desired a continuance he should make
a showing either by affidavits or by
witnesses. It might be that the Dis
trict Attorney would never get the wit
nesses here. He would like the Dis
trict Attorney to show what diligence
he had used and what prospect there
was of getting the witnesses here at
all. A bill had been introduced in
the Legislature of Delaware to provide
for the expense of the prosecution 61
this case, but it had failed to pass.
Now the question was, would he ever
get them here. If the defense had
asked for a continuance the District
Attorney would have insisted upon an
affidavit.
"Not if I had agreed two weeks ago
to a continuance," retorted the Dis
trict Attorney.
"The District Attorney forgets," said
Knight, "that there is such a thing as
a misunderstanding. I do not desire
to bandy words with the District At
torney."
MAKES LEGAL SHOWING.
The District Attorney said he would
make a legal showing. He read an
affidavit by himself, reciting what had
been done in the case since its incep
tion and showing that witnesses ma
terial to the prosecution, T. M. Gooden,
Harry C. Pennington, Leila Deane,
Josephine Bateman, Ethel J. Milling
ton, Joshua D. Deane, Dr. Lemuel H.
Bishop, Dr. P. S. Downs, Dr. T. L.
Wolfe, B. J. McVey and John P. Dun
ning, were all outside this State; that
without these witnesses the prosecu
tion was not ready to go to trial, as
Harry C. Pennington would prove the
receipt of the box of poisoned candy,
Leila Deane and others would prove
that Mrs. Dunning died from arsenical
poison caused by eating the candy and
John P. Dunning would prove a mo
tive; that he had every reason to be
lieve these witnesses would be ready
for the trial from communications that
bad passed between him and Attorney
General Ward of Delaware; that on
February 7 he had been advised that
Downs and Wolf wanted $1000 each be
sides their expenses and others wanted
amounts aggregating $2000 more; that
although the bill providing for the ex
penses of the witnesses had failed to
pass the Delaware Legislature, Attor
ney General Ward had assured him
that all the witnesses would be here
by March 15; that Attorney Knight
had told him' about February 1 that
he wanted the Coroner at Dover, Del.,
subpenaed for the defense and Knight
was then informed that the case would
have to be postponed and Knight had
expressed his willingness for a con
tinuance and finally it was necessary
that the trial be postponed so as to
bring the perpetrator of one of the most
atrocious and diabolical crimes in the
history of this State to Justice.
"All that is shown there," said
Knight, "is that somebody has to guar
antee $4000 to compensate the wit
nesses."
CAN MAKE CONTRACTS.
The Judge said there was no question
but that the District Attorney had pow
er to make any and all necessary con
tracts for the prosecution of crime
There was no way of forcing these
witnesses to be here. The matter was in
the hands of the District Attorney and
the Board of Supervisors must pay the
bill. It was apparent that the District
Attorney did not know until a recent
date that it was necessary to enter into
such contracts, and now the only ques
tion was what length of time would be
required to get the witnesses here.
Knight asked if the District Attorney
would agree to pay $1000 compensation
to the witness for the defense.
The Judge replied that the District
Attorney had no power to make any
contract except for the prosecution. The
defense could take the deposition of an
absent witness, which was not allowed
the prosecution.
PREFERS LIVE WITXKSS.
Knight said he would prefer a live
witness to a piece of paper, particularly
In a murder trial. He asked for an
early hearing.
"If the State paid for the Coroner to
come here," said the District Attorney,
"would the defense allow the evidence
of Downs, Wolf and McVey given at
the former trial to be read as deposi
tions?"
"Certainly not," replied Knight.
"Their testimony is not worth anything
now. Whv, McVey dare not come, as
he has not enough money to repay the
money he borrowed from detectives
while he was here."
"I will be prepared to meet you at the
trial," retorted Byington, "in regard to
McVey or any of the witnesses."
The Judge suggested that the Dis
trict Attorney might bring the Coroner
here as one of his witnesses. There was
no other way to get his testimony ex
cept by deposition.
Byington suggested that Knight pre
pare interrogatories, but Knight said
he would not fight the District Attor
ney on paper.
After further discussion the Judge
said he was satisfied the District Attor
ney had made a showing for a reason
able continuance, and^set the case for
trial on March 10, the defense taking
an exception. ;■? ,": >:
WOMAN WITNESS EXPOSES
PLAN OF LOTTERY GRAFT
Mrs. Mamie J. /Patten, Who Furnished Biank Tickets
Through Which Local Concern Was Victimized, With
stands Severe Examination — V. Torres Has Experience
Mrs. Mamie J. Patten was an all-star
witness in Judge Conlan's court yes
terday. She is the woman that tipped
off the identity of George Schubach
and William J. Holmes,. who are ac
cused of securing $7500 from Louis
Metzger on a bogus lottery ticket."
According to Mrs. Patten's admission
she stole between fifty and one hundred
blank tickets from a St. Louis engrav
ing firm, by whom she. was employed
as a typewriter. These she claims she
gave to Holmes, who, on one of them,
filled in the blank space for numbers
with the figures corresponding to those
that won the capital prize. With due
diligence he took the bogus ticket to
the lottery company's office and se
cured a check for $7500 in return.
The check was cashed by the Crocker-
Woolworth Bank, and New York ex
change was given for $5000 of the
amount. The remainder was paid in
cash.
Shubach claims to have been an in
nocent party to the transaction, having
formed Holmes' acquaintance on a
train coming from Portland. The ticket
was represented to him to be genuine
and he cashed the draft. He admits
having received some of the money.
Mrs. Patten told a different story.
She said she-had known both Schubach
and Holmes in St. Louis, where they
both occupied the same office. Holmes,
she said, was in the habit of paying
her $10 a week to keep him supplied
with blank lottery sheets and on three
occasions when Holmes "was absent
from the city Shubach paid her the
money.
Attorney Samuel Shortridge tried
to break down her testimony. She
never varied in her statements, and the
harder she was pressed the more sh«
disclosed *>f a criminal nature against
the defendant.
"Do you kno\p where Holmes is?"
asked Attorney Shortridge.
"I understand he's in Mexico," she
answered.
Further hearing of the case will be
continued to-day.
Lorenzo Abbugi, a native o£ Venioe
and a sightless mendicant, was before
Judge Conlan yesterday on a charge of
begging.- He will be sent'^o the Alms
house if his friends do not take care*of
him. Clerk Jack Rice said he was a
Venetian blind, and narrowly escaped a.
commitment for contempt.
Vincent Torres, a Porto Rican, re
cently .returned from Honolulu, had the
time of his life Sunday night in a res
taurant on Montgomery avenue. He
went in there to order a plate of mut
ton stew, and as he spoke badly shat
tered English the waiter brought him
corned beef and refused to exchange it.
Torres wouldn't eat the corn be$f, and
to spur up his appetite the waiter
poured a cup of hot tea down the Porto
Rican's back and shampooed him with
the contents of a catsup bottle.
The waiter then barred Torres' exit
with a club and frightened the Porto
Rican so badlv that he seized a couple
of bottles of catsup and fought his way
to liberty.
A policeman rushed to the scene and
found Torres dripping with catsup
from every pore. Hastily bidding a by
stander to watch the dying man he
broke into the restaurant in search of
the murderer. A terrible scene met his
gaze. Catsup was spattered on the
walls and floor and ceiling. It looked
worse than a slaughter-house.
When the policeman found that Tor
res was sound of limb and skin he took
him to jail for disturbing the peace.
Judge Mogan heard the story yester
day and dismissed the defendant.
Francis Rab, a French sailor, and Jo
seph Henry, a colored "pussun," were
before Judge Mogan yesterday on the
charge of battering each other Sunday
morning. Henry claimed that Rab had
forcibly tried to walk between himself
arid his friend, Mistah Johnsing, while
they were peacefully sauntering down
Pacific street. To have allowed this
would have meant bad luck for seven
years and precluded the least chance
for him to make a natural even with
loaded dice.
He admitted attacking Rab and
shortly thereafter he wished he
hadn't. When the police arrived on
the scene the French sailorman was
everlastingly lambasting the two ne
groes. Mistah Johnsing managed to
make a get-away, but Rab and Henry
were arrested. Judge Mogan dis
missed Rab off the reel, but continued
1 PRfiTFfTS^Sllbhv' AGAINST i
1 FI\UILUJig0jK|& INFERIOR I
1 ntR5LL^^^W\SH0RTEHIHGS|
H Natures Gift from the Sunny South |j
[H • The wise housewife specifies Cottolene every time in place of lard. Q
$3 Anyone with a particle of respect for his stomach would prefer a pure fa
iiq vegetable product to one made from ho_r fats. Cottolene is always pure; tH
k| lard isn't Cottolene will make more palatable food than lard, and food o
Kj that any stomach can digest with ease. Lard is a friend of indigestion.. |-1
F-4 Cottolene is put up in odor-proof sealed tin pails ; lard comes in bulk B3
n and will absorb any old odor which is near it. . |j
II You can prove every word we say by buying and trying a pail of pi
.|| Cottolene. All good grocers sell it'; all the great cooking authorities of r|
'el America recommend it. * ; - • ■• »■ ■ |£|
Kfj USE y$ LESS. Cottolene being richer than either lard or cooking ||
|fl butter, one- third less is . required. ry
HI T7T?T7TT Send us a 2c stamp to pay postage and we'll mail you a copy of our book. Ej
pa X'xvx-d-/ "Home Helps," edited by Mrs. Rorer, which contains 300 choice recipes, m
11 Made only by THE N. Si FAIRBANK COMPANY. Dept260 Chicago »JH
Henry's case until to-day because the
defendant admitted that he had. been
tanking up some on Barbary Coast
martinis before the trouble started.
Harry Waidlich, who is charged
with the murder of Pius Liquer, was
before Judge Mogan yesterday and
was instructed and arraigned. A state
ment was made to the court showing
that the killing was more 'in the shape
of an accident than a crime and on
this showing the bail was fixed at
$2000, which was furnished last even
ing by defendant^ friends.
Liquer was ' drunk and annoying
Waidlich, who tried to get away from
him and finally shoved him. The
dead man fell to the sidewalk, sus
taining a fracture of the skull.
John Thompson and Thomas W.
Price were caught by two detectives
coming out of the room of Peter Sher?
idan at 563 Folsom street and in their
possession was found a fob chain and
a pair of cuff buttons belonging to the
lodger. They are recent arrivals from
the East and Judge Mogan ordered
that the twain be sequestered until
the Dolice have a chance to look up
their records.
David Gaffney, who was originally
charged with burglariglns the prem
ises at 29 Turk street, was allowed to
plead guilty to petty larceny before
Judge Cabaniss yesterday and was
sentenced to five months in the Coun
ty Jail.
George Hall is an Ingenuous hobo
who was arrested on complaint of the
clerk of the Salvation Army Home on
Clay street. There have been several
thefts there and Hall was suspected.
It was shown that Hall had attempted
to rob a man in a hallway some days
ago and had only failed because some
others came upon* the scene. He had
also entered the clerk's room and sto
len a few cents. He cheerfully admit
ted all this and told Judee Mogan he
would have taken more if he could
have secured it. He was convicted of
vagrancy and will be sentenced to
day.
Mis. Iiuppcl Gets Xew Trial.
Judge Hunt made an order yestpr
day granting Eliza Ruppel •* pew trial
of her suit for damages against tho
United Railroads. She sued for $10.
000 damages for the "Heath of her hus
band. Conrad Ruppel, who was killed
in a collision between a wagon he was
driving and a street car. The jury
gave a verdict for the defendant after
a trial lasting several days and Mrs.
Ruppel asked for a new trial on the
ground that certain evidence offered
by the defense was inadmissible.
Madame Blauvelt Will Sing To-Night.
Madame Lillian Blauvelt, the beauti
ful young American prima donna who
created such a sensation at Covent
Garden Theater, London, and the chief
capitals of Europe, will grive her first
concert at Lyric Hall to-night at 8:15.
The following will be the programme:
"Son troppo" (Galuppi); "Amaralll"
(Caccinln): "Una voce poco fa" (Ros
sini); "Lotos-blume" (Schumann);
"Fruhllngslied"- (Mendelssohn); "O,
Wuesset ich doeh" (Brahms); "Will nie
mand Singen" (Hildach); "Charmant
Papillon" (Campra) ;- "Pourquot" (Deli
bes); "Vlelle Chanson" (Bizet); "Les
Vepres Slclllienne" (Verdi); "My Heart"
(Randegger Jr.); "My Bairnle" (Van
nah); "Stolen Wings" (Willeby); "Ec
stasy" (Beach); "Spinning Song" (Liza
Lehmann). ,
Say Miss Clark Was Weak Minded.
Kate Gregg and Mrs. Frances Win
sor, respectively domestic and nurse
in the Clark family, were the princi
pal witnesses at » yesterday's hearing
of the contest of the will of the late
Isabella D. Clark, who committed sui
cide at McNutfs Hospital some
months ago. They both testified that
in their opinion Miss Clark was of un
sound mind. Margaret Whitelow, a
seamstress at the hospital, was also
examined. Sh€ testified to having dis
covered the body of Miss Clark the
day she committed suicide.
B'nal B'rith Convention.
The annual session of the District
Grand Lodge of the Independent Or
der of B'nai B'rith will meet in annual
session in Benevolence Hall of the
B'nal B'rith building next Sunday
morning at 10- o'clock. The conven
tion will be in session for several days.
COTTOJ-ENE.
ADVERTISEMENTS. :$%;
The Kind You Have Always Bought has borne the signa-
ture of Ghas. H. Fletcher, and has been made under his
personal supervision for over 3O years. Allow no one
to deceive you in this. Counterfeits, Imitations and
«« Just-as-grood " are but Experiments, and endanger tho
health of Children—Experience against Experiment.
What is CASTORIA
Castoria is a harmless substitute for Castor Oil, Pare-
goric, Drops and Soothing- Syrups. It is Pleasant. It
contains neither Opium, Morphine nor other Narcotic
substance. Its apre is its guarantee. It destroys Worms
and allays Feverishness. It cures Diarrhoea and "Wind
Colic. It relieves Teething Troubles, cures Constipation
and Flatulency. It assimilates the Food, regruk-tes the
Stomach and Bowels, giving healthy and natural sleep*
The Children's Panacea— The Mother's Friend.
Tie Kind You toe Always Bought
y* Bears the Signature of
In Use For Over 30 Years.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
CUTLERY -v
EVERY BLADE WARRANTED
Always Remember the Fall .Nyne
ff amative K&roino
Cures a Cold in One Day, Grip in 2 Days
j£ (VLjfy onevery
\9. SS^JC&rvim* box. 25c
PafafP DON'T FAIL TO
laiaWW 8ec the beautiful
j COURT Lounging
/Hill room, the EMPIRE
9 UU PARLOR, the
C l PALM ROOM, tho
lirflflfl LOUIS XV PAR-
ui aim LOR^ and LiAm
D x 1 DIES' WRITING
Hotels 1 room-
AMUSEMENTS.
Mats. To-Morrow and Saturday at 2 sharp.
THIS WEEK ONLY, Including Sunday Night.
Curtain Rises at 8 Sharp.
WEBER and FIELDS
ALL-STAR STOCK COMPANY— Presenting
WHOOP-DEE-DOO
AND BURLESQUE OF
G/\TH££F*IINE
PRICES— $2. $1 60, $1. 75c and 50c.
NEXT SUNDAY NIGHT
Positively Last "Weber and Fields Performance.
BEGINNING NEXT MONDAY MATTNEE
THOMAS J. SMITH, the Tons? Slngrlnsr
Irish Comedian, la "THE GAME
KEEPER."
T1VOUSS5&
Special Matinee Washington's Birthday.
SIXTH WEEK OF
THE SENSATION OV THE CITT.
ll When Johnny fe
Comes Marching Home
• A Military Spectacular Comic- Opera by
Stanislaus Stange and Julian Edwards.
SECURE SEATS IN ADVANCE!
MATINEE SATURDAY.
In Preparation— "THE GYPSY BABOK."
Tsual Posular Prices 25c, 50c and 75c
Box Seats fl.OO
Mis for Monday, Melody and Mirth,
ost magnificent show on earth,
illions of laughs, mighty little ex-
pense. ' - {
twenty-flve, fifty and seventy-five cents.
ROLY F>OLY
Th# musical comedy of the century.
Best ever offered by our house.
Our "All Star" cast, including
KOLB & DILL,
JOHN PEACHEY,
BEN. T. DILLON.
ALLEN CURTIS.
HELEN RUSSELL,
NELLIE LYNCH.
Saturday and Sunday matinees. 23c and COc
Next Attraction — "The Rounders."
Special Matinee Washington's Birthday.
THE KILTIES
GREATEST CONCERT BAND IN AMERICA
Combined with Scottish Vaudeville.
SINGERS. DANCERS. PIPERS. ETC.
Commencing Tuesday Night, February 23
CLOSING SUNDAY NIGHT. FEB. 28TH.
Mats. Wednesday, Friday, Saturday and Sun-
day. Reserved feats. |1. 75c. 50c. Children, 23c.
READY THURSDAY at Sherman. Clay & Co."i.
' COMIXS- HAROLD BAUER, PIANIST
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
THE GREAT SOPRANO AT
LYRIC HALL
TO-NIGHT, at 8:15
THURSDAY EVE. AND SATURDAY MAT.
THREE MAGNIFICENT PROGRAMMES.
Seats $2.00. $1.50 and $1.00
At Sherman. Clay & Co.'a, where complete pro-
grammes may be obtained.
Second Kopta Pop. Sunday Attgrnoon at 3
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
AMUSEMENTS.
CALIFORNIA
/£& TO-NIGHT "^%V
ST CHARLES H. YALETS
|;j EVERI-ASTINO I j
I DEVIL'S AUCTION I
R NEW SCENIC MARVELS \ J
N And the following great features: J I
H The Famous Onrl Family, 1 1
, M The Pour Salamonskys. \ I
rj SlKnorlna Elena Rossi, j*
PI Frauleln Prager, f]
l| The Boneless Herman, |l
I And the Imperial Dancing; Troupe. y
H NEXT— HUMAN HEARTS. ■
ASTOUNDINCTVAUDEVILLE !
EIGHT VASSAR GIRLS i
Ziska and King; Werner - Arnoros
Troupe; Harry Thomson; Billy B.
Van, Rose Beaumont and Company;
Thorne and Carleton; Snyder and
Buckley; Rice and Elmer and
Orpheum Motion Pictures.
Regular Matinees everv Wednesday, Thurs-
day. Saturday and Sunday. Prices 10c. 28a
and 50c.
VUkUlflDlM LEAD133 T3UI3I
Last Six Niarata— Matinee Sat.
LOUIS FKEDEItlCX
JAMES and WARDE
TO-NIGHT AND FRIDAY NIGHT.
OTHELLO
Wednesday and Saturday MACBETH
Thursday ALEXANDER THE GREAT
Sunday night and Sat. Mat. JULIUS CAESAB
________
BEGINNING NEXT MONDAT,
DEITKAHT THOMPSO3 (HXMSEI.P) XX
"»!■ II H OLD HOMESTEAD."
ALCAZAR imT
General Manager.
To-Niffht — Mats. Saturday *&d Sunday.
ENTHUSIASTIC RECEPTION OF
-sr- ■ a BT" Great American Play.
Q B-fl it- By David Belasco and >
I I I L H. C. de Mllle.
CHARITY BALL
Evrb., 25c to 75c; Mat. Sat. & Sun.. 25c to 00c
NEXT MONDAT — Opening with Special
MATINEE WASHINGTON'S BIRTHDAY
First Stock Production of
THE WBOKO 1KB. "WBIQHT— —
Geo. H. Broadhursfs Farcical Comedy*
In Active Preparation — PARSIFAI*.
CENTRAL*!?
Market Street. Near Eighth. Phone South 533.
TO-NIGHT— ALL, THIS WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAT AND SUKOAT.
The Best of All Border Dramu.
THE MEN OF
JIMTOWN
A Thrilline Tale of the Cheroke« Strip.
Exciting Plot! Startllnr Climaxes! Rtcte
Comedy! Scenic Splendors!
All the Central Favorites In the Cast.
DDirEC Evening* 10c to COo
IKIWCJ Matinees 10c. 13c. 2Sa
Neit— THE KING OF THE OPIUM RING.
___ _,
KELLY AND VIOLET^, IRYIR3 JOHES
.-...AND A OBEAT SHOW
Every Afternoon and Eveainsr la tfc*
Heated Theater.
AMERICAN. CHINESE AND PHILIPPINE
BABIES IN THE INFANT INCUBATORS.
HANNIBAL
The Untamable African Litao. In the Zoo!
AMATEUR NIGHT THURSDAT.
AdmUston. 10c: Children. 6c.
When Phoninar. Ask for "The Chut«#."
Racing ijtfil^ Racing!
EVERT WEEK DAT. RAIN OR SHINE.
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKET ODB.
INGLBSID5 TRACK
Commencing MONDAT. February U
Six or More Races Daily.
Races atart at 2 p. -a. Sharp.
Reached by streetcar from any part of the city.
Train leaves Third and Townsend streets at
1:15 p. m. and leaves the track immediately
after the >ast race. No smoking la last t««
, cart, which are reserved far. ladles and tiuir
•acorta.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS. Pre»ld«-A.
FERCT W. TREAT. Secretary.
78
MUNICIPALITY
WINS VICTORY
San Mnteo Branch of United
Railroads Must Be Assessed
by the Different Counties
JUSTICES CHANGE MIXDS
Supreme Court Deals a Hard
Blow to the Corporations
and Board of Equalization
The Supreme Court has reversed
itself in the case brought by the San
Francisco and San Mateo Electric Rail
way Company against ex-Tax Collector
Ecott and now the corporation's prop
erty will be assessed by the authorities
cr the counties through which the line
runs instead of by the State Board of
Equalization. The Justices who
changed their minds are Shaw. Angel
l«.tti, Lorigan and Van Dyke. San
Francisco will gain about S50W annually
as a result of the court's decision.
This particular difficulty between the
city authorities and the San Mateo line
people arose in 1R99. prior to the^ pui
chase of the property by the United
Railroads. The corporation sought to
restrain thp Assessor, the Tax Collector
and the Auditor from taking the official
stand that th» San Mateo line property
within the limits of San Francisco
thould be taxed by this municipality.
It was maintained by the attorneys for
the company that the State Board of
Equalization should make the assess
ment and that th? two counties con
cerned should get taxes in proportion
to the number of miles of roadbed in
each.
The judgment of the Superior Court
was in favor of the city. The Supreme
Court on appeal decided in favor of the
corporation. A- rehearing was granted.
The decision Just rendered sustains the
Judgment of the Superior Court. The
Lnited Railroads is expected to file a
petition for another hearing.
DISCI SS .MEANING OF WORD
The main question in dispute was a?
to the meaning of the word "railroads"
in the constitution. The article on
which the corporation relied to prove
its case is as follows:
All property, except as hereinafter in this
section provided. 5hall b<? as B sef>«fd in the coun
ty, ritv and county. city. township cr
district in which it is situated, in the man
r-r pr*scrih»c1 by law. The franchise, road
»sy. rca'fT.vd. rails an<l railing stork of all
railraads rperated in mor* than one county in
this Erate chall be assessed by the State Board
(f Equalization at their actual valu-. and the
tarne shall be apr/Ttioned f .o the counties, cities
End countl«"*. fities. towns, townships and dis
tricts in whirh said railroads are Irx-at^ in
proportion to the number of miles of railway
laid in tuch counties, cities, cities and coun
ti<=F. trwns. townships and districts.
The railroad company argued that the
law applied to inter-county street rail
ways. The city authorities held a con
trary view. The court says that the
question of motive power has nothing
to do with the matter. It must be
Ehown that the framers of the law
either did or did not have street rail
ways in mind when they made the
measure a part of the constitution. The
court says that the context shows they
did not. The purpose of the provision
was to prevent conflicts between coun
ties by having one body make the
whole assessment.
FRANCHISES ARE DIFFERENT.
The franchises of steam and electric
railroads are different. The last named
are for use in the streets of cities and
towns. The former are intended to
stop at more or less widely separated
pftints. The franchise of a street rail
road is more of a "local" affair. The
court holds that it would thus be an
anomalous condition of affairs if the
franchise granted by one municipality
Fhould benefit another local govern
ment.
It is said that Los Angeles might
have a great system of railroads. The
line might run for thirty miles within
the county, and then a short spur track
might be- built into another county. The
State Board of Equalization would
make an average valuation and appor
tion the taxes. Los Angeles would have
by far the-most valuable portion of the
road, but would pet taxes only in pro
portion to the > miles of track within her
confines.
The court says in conclusion that
there are n^w beintj constructed some
"hybrid" roads, whirh are like street
railways in the city and like steam rail
roads in the country. These are except
ed in the decision.
The San Mater, line has a trifle more
than eighteen miles of track in San
Francisco. The road is assessed at a
valuation of J13S.O00 a mile.
The opinion i.« written by Justice
Shaw, -with whom Justices Lorigan. An
gcllotti, Vin Dyke and Chief Justice
Beatty directly concur. Justices Mc-
Farland and Hmshaw adhore to their
previous attitude in the^jnatter. Chief
Justice Beatty raised the «;nly dissent
ing voice when thf» case was previously
d*cSd<Ki in favur of the corporation.
"KING" IIADIjEY SUPPOSED
TO HAVE LEFT THE CITV
Disrated Bookmaker Questioned
About Colonial Koblxry AHojrod
lo Haw <ioiw to Australia.
The robbers who made the haul at
the Colonial Club have not yet been
apprehended. The local police arc
Ftill in the dark and have accom
plished nothing: that will lead to th3
arrest of the guilty parties.
It has been rumored that "King"
Hadl^y, the bookmaker who was
ruled from the Oakland track and
who was rigidly questioned by the po
lice Saturday, left late Saturday night
for Australia on the delayed steamer
Ventura. Yesterday one of Hadley'«?
friends was Instructed K> shirf the
disrated bookmaker's horses to rfAu«=
tralia. The disappearance of Hadley
has been food for much gossip in the
tenderloin.
If Hadley has shipped for the An
tipodes his whereabouts will be kept
track of by the police in ovent any of
the gang are arrested and confess.
Tht- keepers of the club claim not
to know Hadley and say he was not a
frequenter of their place. Xo arrests
have been made.
SACRAMENTO, Tel). 15.— Governor Pardee ;
to-dcy appointc-d John F. Owen* Fup^rvisvir }
fnr the ercond district of Sierra County, vice '
tip.renrt Hoojvr. rrsipned. " i
POSTUH CEREAL.
§ COFFEE 1
I DOES I
g do x work you don't \
g suspect. Quit and try I
I Post urn j
§10 days and note how I
% well you feel. \
STARS APPEAR
IN TRAGEDY
Warde and James Represent
3Iarc Antony and Brutus, Re
spectively, in "Julius Caesar"
RECEIVE 3IUCH APPLAUSE
Alcazar Troupe Well Cast in
"The Charity J5all"-"The
Men of Jimtown"- at Central
Warde and James triumphed at the
Columbia Theater last evening, despite
a paucity of accessories that was pain
fully marked and amid anachronisms
that were rather more calculated to up
set the gravity of the audience than to
inspire the dignity that properly at
tends the performance of a Shakes
pearean tragedy. The support was not
Shakespearean. Therefore all the more
marked was the. superiority of Warde
and James, and the greater, necessarily,
was the merit that kept up a sufficient
semblance of reality to provoke 'the
audience to genuine enthusiasm.
The play was "Julius Caesar," and
Warde was Marc Antony and James
was Brutus. Warde played the role
that was his with enough of subtle sug
gestion to make a marked hit in the
oration over the body of Julius Caesar.
Indeed, the audience had the curtain
rung up half a dozen times, and would
not be contented until Warde came for
ward and made a speech, in which he
spoke of the pleasure it gave him to
iind in these modern days the love of
Shakespeare had not died among those
who could understand and appreciate.
Later on James, after the ghostly ap
parition of Caesar at Philippi, was sim
ilarly complimented. He spoke very
briefly. James' Brutus was character
ized by dignity and finish throughout.
His natural physical endowments add
ed to the measure of his success very
materially.
Thomas Coffin Cooke played the small
part of Julius Caesar. Norman Hackett
essayed the role of Cassius. Somewhat
inclined to tear a passion to tatters, he
nevertheless .made a good scene of the
yuarrel with Brutus and came in for a
large share of applause. "The remainder
of the cast does not deserve serious
mention from the point of Shake
spearean presentation with the exception
of Miss Sumner in the one-scene part
of Calphurnia, and more noticeably
Aphie James as Lucius, which role she
made acceptable for picturesqueness
and fidelity.
There is no desire to detract from
the applause that was won on merit by
James and Warde, but if Shakespeare
is to be enjoyed thoroughly at the Co
lumbia there is need of furbishing up
and providing more ample accessories.
Imagine, for instance, the Senate house
where Caesar is slain having only just
enough of size to seat Caesar and the
few Senators who took part in the as
sassination. Then consider the unities
in the light of the fact that when
Caesar enters the Senate house the or
chestra is playing— what? Xot any tri
umphal march of old times, but just
the plain, every day "Hail to the Chief"
— dear to the hearts of small beer pol
iticians, when they are on the circuit,
barnstorming in half a score of As
sembly districts per night, but decided
ly incongruous when introduced in an
cient Rome in the time of its greatness.
The Roman armies were but a platoon.
Hackett has a bad trick of twiddling
his fingers incessantly' on the hem of
his Roman top;a when he is supposed
to be greatly excited or. enraged. The
effect may be intended to indicate
Roman anger, but in modern times it
has the general suggestion of an in
satiate violinist, who is performing long
trills on imaginary and inaudible vio
lin strings. It is a good trick to cut
out of the performance, unless it is ths
only way Hackett has to show that
h< is perturbed.
The rain kept many away, undoubted
ly, but there was still a large enough
audience to show interest in the trag
edy and the people who were perform
ing in it. The student rlas?, young
men and women from educational in
stitutions, who are engaged in studying
in English courses, were numerously, in
evidence.
Alcazar.
The Alcazar players gave an artistic
initial production of "The Charity Ball"
last night and thoroughly demonstrated
their respective dramatic capabilities in
the parts assigned to them. Conspicu
ous work was done by James Durkin,
who gave a strong- impersonation of
John Van -Buren, the rector. Luke Con
ness played Dick Van Buren with intel
ligence and won thi- good graces of his
audience, when, at the earnest solicita
tion of his brother, the rector, he agreed
to make the woman he had wronged
his wife. John BJ Maher was perfectly
at home as Judge Knux and was made
up to puzzle his most intimate friends —
no small talent in the art of an actor.
George Qsbourne played Franklin Cru
ger with a finesse all his own and
Harry H. Hilliard was refreshing as
Alec Robinson, a plunger in a small
way. Walter Belasco does a fine bit of
character a.s Mr. Uetts, the old organ
ist, and shows ina'rked improvemant in
his work. The ladies of the company
are well cast and effectively aid in the
success of the production. They dis
play several stunning gowns that are
at once a delight and a charm to the
beholderp. Miss Eleanor Gordon plays
Phyllis Lee in a manner to win com
mendation, but should not allow her
emotion to interfere with her enuncia
tion, as it did in the third act. Adele
Block is gentle and womanly as Ann
Cntger and Frances Starr is delightful
as Boss Van Btircn. The list would not
be complete without a mention of Marie
Howe, who is admirable as the blind
mother.
Chutes.
There is a varied and entertaining
j programme at the Chutes this week,
j including Kelly and Violet, the "fash
j Ion plate singing duo"; Irving Jones
j the diminutive colored individual, who
writes his own songs; Hanlon and Zan
frella. flying aerialists; Jlr. and Mrs, D
j M. Hall, comedy sketch artists, and
j Winstanley and Sullivan, capital dan
j cers. Mabel Lamson, the popular con
tralto, in new illustrated songs and
the animatoscope, Ehowins new 'mov
ing pictures, complete the bill Th«
amateurs will' appear on Thursday
night.
Central.
The audience that filled the Central
Theater last night got the worth of its
money in the wild west excitement
The attraction is a new border drama
'The Men of Jimtown," and the scenes
are laid in the Cherokee strip in Okla
homa. The men. with the exception of
the necessary brace. of villains, arc all
brave and daring, rough and Teckless
while the women, as a rule, are para
gons of their sex. The play teems with
thrilling incidents. It starts out with
an express robbery, and after a raid on
the Jimtown bank, a locomotive race in
full sight of the audience and a Jury
trial governed by frontier rules, winds
up with a Fourth of July celebration.
The story is that of a telegraph oper-
THE SAN FRANCISCO. CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 1904.
DUKE OF NORFOLK WEDS
GWENDOLYN MAXWELL
Distinguished Member of the English Aristocracy Marries
j His Cousin, the Eldest Daughter of Lord Herres, in
Presence of Friends, and Couple Receive Costly Gifts
THE PREMIER DUKE AND EARL
OF ENGLAND AND THE NEW
DUCHESS.
LONDON, Feb. 15.— The Duke of Nor
folk and the Hon. Gwendolyn Mary
Maxwell, eldest daughter of Lord Her
res. were married to-day in the Roman
Catholic church at Everingham.
The ceremony, which for various
causes, had been four times postponed,
was very quiet, the only guests being
near relatives, the tenantry of the
Duke and a few personal friends.
Costly presents were given to the
bride and bridegroom, including gifts
from King Edward, Queen Alexandra
and numerous others. . The Duke of
Norfolk presented to the town of Shef
field a public park in commemoration
ot the wedding.
The Duke of Norfolk is nearly double
the age of his bride, who is his first
cousin once removed.
He was born in 1847 and is therefore
in his fifty-seventh year. The Duke
was first married in 1877 and his wife
died ten years afterward.
He had an only child, a son, who was
born in 1879. From his birth the son
was afflicted and his father made pil
grimages to Rome and Lourdes and
sacred shrines in the hope that the lad
could be cured through spiritual chan
nels, but without ayail.
Like most of his ancestors the Duke
is a most devoted Catholic and was.
held in the very highest esteem by the
late Pontiff Leo XIII. . . .
According to Burke's ' Peerage the
ducal and illustrious house of Norfolk
stands next to the blood royal at the
head of the peerage of England. He is
the premier Duke and -hereditary Earl
Marshal of England. He is^at the head
of the College of Arms or. Herald's Of
fice and has the direction of- all cere
monial matters appertaining to corona
tions, proclamations of war and peac»,
royal funerals and all other great state
functions.
The dukedom of Norfolk was founded
in 1483. and the first who bore the titlp
was the "Jockey of Norfolk" of
Shakespeare and Richard III, who was
an active, ambitious soldier. He '.vas
killed with his sovereign, the crookback
Richard, at the battle of Bosworth
Field, Aueust. 22. 1485.
The three next of his line were ex
ecuted in Tower Hill and the fourth
ator who "borrows" $40,000 from the
man who robbed him of a valuable in
vention—the money being removed
from an express train without the for
mality of a permit. The yoftng man
then goc-s down to Oklahoma, grows up
with the country, becomes rich, pays
the money back and marries the girl
who designedly misled the pursuers at
the time of the express robbery. Her
schel Mayall as the versatile hero was
handsome, dashing and able.- Henry
Shumer delighted his admirers in a ro
bust comedy part, and Elmer Booth
made a very acceptable Hebrew. Edwin
T. Emery was the villain of the piece.
Eugenia "Thais Lawton as the heroine
proved herself an expert bicyclist in
one of the sensational scenes, and Myr
tle Vane makes the most of a soubrette
role.
"When Johnny Conaes Marching
Home" continues to draw at the Tivoll.
Grand Opera-House.
Weber & Fields commenced the sec
ond week of their .engagement in
"Whoop-Dee-Doo" at the Grand Opera
house before a crowded ■ house last
Fischer's.
"Roly Poly" entered upon the second
week o f its run at Fischer's Theater
last night. AH the favorites received
their usual share of applause.
Lines From the Lor Book of the Cal
ifornia Limited.
"The California Limited is fit for a
Californian— and when I say that it_ has
all been said, for Californlans will have
nothing but the best."— Albert J. Atkins
M D Parrott building, San Francisco.*
Wants Lutz Removed.
Agnes E. Wortsmith of this city,
the widow of the late J. J. Wortsmith.
who recently died in Arizona, yester
day applied to the Superior Court to
revoke the letters of administration
upon her husband's estate granted
several days ago to W. E. Lutz. She
claims that she only recently learned
of her husband's death.
Try Hills Bros.' Arabian Roast Coffee.
There is nothing better. ... *
WASHINGTON. Feb.'\ 15.— Michael Davltt,
the Irish leador. called on President Roosevelt
to-day and presented him with a blackthorn
stick.
died a prisoner in the Tower of Lon
don. : • ,
In spite of persecution the Howards
of the Norfolk Jine hpld on to the ulj]
faith during all the changes and-vicis
situdes cf many rtigns from Uichird
III to Fdward VII.
The family of Lord Herres, to which
the Duchess-elett belongs, was long: fa
mous for Its devotion to the Catholic
cause and the house of Stewart. The
Lord Herres of the day was the pas
sionate adherent of Mary Queen cf
Scots and was her sole companion of
rank in her closing days in Scotland.
He begged her on his knees not to take
the fatal step of throwing herself into
the cruel hands of Queen Elizabeth.
The Lord Herres of 1715 took the field
for the old pretender and was taken
fighting sword in hand at Preston. His
Lordship had been created Earl of
Nithsdale. He was sent to the tower,
tried by his peers and left for execu
tion. The evening before the execution
Lady Nithsdale visited her husband in
his cell. She dressed him in her own
skirt, cloak and hood and he, holding
a handkerchief to his face as if weep
ing, passed the guards and escaped to
France, where he and his brave Coun
tess long lived happy together. The
earldom was forfeited, but the barony
BLAKE LOSES
FIVE MILLIONS
Jnd<i:o Morrow Decides Thai
Oral Contracts Cannot Be
Proved 'by Parole Kvidcjicc
The life of the celebrated $5,000,000
suit brought in the United Statoi Cir
cuit Court by the Utah-Nevuda Com
pany against Joseph R. de Lnmur wu«
Very short. Judge Morrow announced
yesterday that he would suntfiln iho
objection of the defendant to thp tc»
timony of Isaac E. Blake with n-fnrcmao
to an alleged oral agreement between
himself and De Lamar on April J, 1M4,
hy the terms or which De Lamjir wn«
to work the Jim Crow, and Monitor
dump mines, in Lincoln County, Neva
da, on which Blake had an option, nnd
to give Blake 49 per cent of the net
profits. The defendant objected to the
admission of parole testimony with ref
erence to this transaction on the ground
that an oral contract for the transfer
of realty could not be proved by parole
testimony and would be of no valufil
Blake alleged that De Lamar had
himself stated that he had taken $13,
000,000 from the mines, of which about
$10,000,000 was net profit. '
Judge Morrow instructed the jury to
return a verdicts for the defendant
which they did. and Blake must seek
some other means of getting the $5,000,
000. An appeal will be taken.
A similar suit was filed yesterday in
the Superior Court.
1830 and Military styles are latest
for ladies' wear.; Send for catalog
Standard Patterns. Domestic office 1021
Market street. •
John Regie Falls Dead.
John Regie fell' dead yesterday in
Clara Dobs' millinery shop. 715 Larkin
street. He was a native of France, 70
years old, and lived at 729& Minna
street. Heart disease is supposed to
have been the cause of death.
FRIENDS MOURN
LOSS OF FOOTE
Body of Departed Jurist Cre
mated With Simple Service
at Odd 'Fellows 1 Cemetery
CROWD FOLLOWS HEARSE
Courts Are Closed Out of Re
spect to the Dead Attorney
and Judges Deliver Eulogies
The last words over the remains of
the late William W. Foote were
said yesterdey afternoon in the
presence of a large gathering of
friends aad admirers of the d*rid
lawyer. The hearse on its way to the
cemetery was followed by a string of
carriages bearing mourners of the late
lawyer and . hundreds of friends and
relatives crowded the residence of
James V. Coleman at 631 Van Ness
avenue, where the funeral ceremonies
were held, to pay humble tribute to a
true -friend -and a great man. All of
the Superior, courts in the City Hall,
the Superior and Police courts and the
Federal courts adjourned out of re
spect for the memory of the late at
torney. Each of the various Judges
in calling an adjournment eulogized
the character and worth of their dead
brother. Attorneys in the courts at
the time of the adjournment spoke in
praise of the life work of Mr. Foote.
EULOGY BY HANLON.
Charles F. Hanlon. the attorney, ap
peared before Judge Coffey of the Su
perior Court yesterday morning and
made a brief address on the life and
work of W. W. Foote, the dead lawyer.
He said:
It Is with feeling of profound grief that I
rise to announce to this honorable court and Its
officers the news of the somewhat sudden death
of one of the most prominent members of the
bar of this court, the Hon. William W. Focte.
Although Mr. Foote had during the last year
somewhat failed in health, it was hoped that
his constitution, which was of Iron; his phy
sique, which was Herculean, and his courage,
which was unconquerable, would continue long
in the future to carry, him In that same illus
trious .career which, commencing thirty-five
years ago. will now serve to brilliantly reflect
his name in the legal constellation of departed
worth. But the ways of the Almighty are in
scrutable.
A cold, contracted a week ago, terminated
en last Saturday, the 13lhinst., after a few
days of bedridden illness, in the death of Mr.
Foote at the residence of the Hon. J. V. Cole
man in this city.
Mr. William W. Foote, as your Honor is al
ready aware, belonged to that old school of
great lawyers that reared California from total
oblivion In such a wonderful, such a masterly
manner to the very front rank In American Ju
risprudence and American civilization.
It required cuch a body of great lawyers as
that old school', contained to fan the sacred
flame of the laws of a new State, which, dif
ferent to all her sister States, sprang at onee
Into matured statehood as Minerva uprang
armed and equipped from the brain of al
mighty Jove, and which then outstripped her
older Bister Stat»s in the fashioning and crys
tallizing of laws second to none among the en
lightened powers of the earth.
. That Mr. Foote by his learning, his elo
quence, his honesty, his good faith, his sin
cerity and his great force, assisted conspicu
ously in the work of this great school at the
San Francisco bar, oun recent, as well as our
older annals, bear singularly convincing testi
mony.
I now, on behalf of the entire bar of this
honorable court, the scene of some of his
greatest triumphs, move an adjournment out
of respect for the memory of the late William
W. Foote. as well as out of sorrow and sympa
thy for the members of his bereaved family;
and I further move that a copy of this reso
lution be spread on the minutes of this honor
able ,coutt and that a certified copy .thereof be
sent to the family of our depa¥ted brother, j
' A SAD AUDIENCE.
Jammed to overflowing, the rooms
in the house 6T J. V. Coleman were
filled with a sad and silent audience.
The services . were brief and unosten
tatious. The Rev. William Carson
Shaw of Oakland delivered the funeral
sermon; At the conclusion the Lord's
Prayer was said in unison by the as
stmblage and by the request of the
family the remains were not exposed
to view.
Prominent 'men from all over the
State were present and those friends
who were unable to attend sent beauti
ful floral pieces. The room in which
the coffin stood was filled to overflow
ing with the tributes of loving friends.
Governor Pardee sent a floral tribute.
The body was taken to the Odd Fel
lows' Cemetery and cremated. The
ashes will be conveyed to Mountain
View Cemetery in Oakland. wHere
they will be interred privately beside
those of Mrs. W. W. Foote, who died
in Hongkong four years ago.
The honorary pallbearers were:
James V. Coleman, Frank J. Moffitt,
Judge Frederick W. Henshaw, T. T.
Dargie, A. A. Moore, Dr. E. H. Wool-
Key, Dr. D." D. Crowley, William H.
Metson, George W. Reed, J. J. Ler
men. Captain J. J. Brice, Judge J. V.
Coffey. Walter J. Matthews and Cap
tain Edward Hackett.
MOURNED IX OAKLAND.
OAKLAND. Feb. 15:— The Superior
courts of Alameda County adjourned
to-day out of respect to the memory
of \V. W. Foote, who was a well
known practitioner at the Alameda
bar. Sitting in bank to-day Judges
TOIlsworth, Hall. Greene and Ogden
listened to a eulogy delivered by Mel
vin C. Chapman, who feelingly paid
an Hoquent tribute to his dead friend.
He said:
May It please your honors, it now becomes
my end duty in this place of his last resi
dence, nnd amid the scenes that knew him so
well. In which h 1 ? so often triumphed, to an
nmince to this court the death of a distin
guished member of the bar of this county and
«t tills State, for William W. Foote, in th«
laiigunRt* of another, has taken the few short
fitrjiH from the cradle, with its lullaby of love,
to the lono. quiet, wayside Inn, where all at
lust must sl'-ep, nnd where the only salutation
Ik "(5<xifl night." Yet while friends must
mnurn ami r»>lntivrs nuiHt weep, kind nature
thut projected us Into light and life will one
<lny. If the Instinct of man counts for any
thing. m\o us from mortality. Mr. Foote was
fiS ywirn of bk<' at his death. From the stand
point of Infancy nnd youth fifty-eight years of
life mm ins to stretch out Interminably into the
future, but ns we look backward It Is but a
Mm li of light In the night, an<l then darkness.
Mr, Foote was an eminent lawyer. The
i> mount, the character, the magnitude and the
Importnnce of the litigation In which he was
prufcBfilnnally engaged and his uniform success
Pine* him In the front rank of the bar of this
Htiilr. In the trial of causes he was Im
pelled by zeal unwonted in other men, and
roniotlmes. for the moment angered his an
tRgnnlst. but the anger and the resentment
were only for a moment, because we all knew,
notwithstanding his brusqueness. that there
wiih in his breast a heart as tender as that of
a woman. Last Saturday he died without a
pnng or pain, passed peacefully away as quiet
ly ms though he had gone to sleep, and the
tranquillity of hn death suggests how beau
tiful hla death and his sleep.
A few words were spoken by Judge
Ellsworth, ..bearing testimony to the
regard in which the deceased was held,
and the departments were then ad
jourped for the day. ■
Unil .lumper Is (''might.
The police were notified yesterday
that John Burns had been arrested in
Colorado Springs. Colo., and Police
man Skelly will leave this morning to
bring him back. Burns was waiting
trial on a charge of robbery, and, as he
failed to »make his appearance, his
bail of $500 cash was declared for
feited last week.
Convicted of Robbery.
George Batteate was convicted of
robbery in Judge Lawior's court yes
terday. He held ..up Lulgi Sengall at
Dupont and Green streets on Novem
ber 20.
BenEulat & Son are to leave^ for the
St. Louis > Exposition soon — hence the
Auction. Salo of* Rugs now on at the Pal
ace Hotel (Marble and Maple rooms). •
COUNTERFEITER
RUN TO EARTH
Andreas "Winkelmann, "Who
Professed to Lead Christian
Life, Behind Bars of City Jail
DUAL CAREER IS ENDED
Employed During the Day as
a Draughtsman, and at Night
Manufactures Spurious Coin
Draughtsman by day and counter
feiter by night has been the dual. life
led by Andreas Winkelmann, taken
into custody last night bv Secret # Ser
vice Operatives Hazen, McManus and
Foster and lodged in the City Prison.
Secreted In his room at 1415 Polk
street, where the arrest was made, was
found a complete plant for the manu
facture of counterfeit half-dollars and
more than $200 of the' bogus coin.
Winkelmann, who is a member of the
Young Men's Christian Association of
this city, has been under surveil
lance 'for ten days and moved to the
Polk-street address two days ago. He
has beerTemployed by Sylvain Schnait
tacher, a well-known architect, as a
draughtsman, and among his acquain
tances bore an excellent reputation.
Several weeks ago Secret Service
Agent Hazen was told that a number
of skillfully made counterfeit half-dol
lars had appeared in the city. The
Government detectives were at once
put to work and finally succeeded in
obtaining a clew to the identity of the
counterfeiter. It was deemed inadvis
able to make the arrest until the plant
could be seized and accordingly every
move made by Winkelmann during the
last ten days has been watched.
Saturday Winkelmann secured the
room on Polk street, but there was
nothing in his demeanor to arouse sus
picion. A trunk which appeared to be
very heavy was delivered by an ex
pressman. The Government officers
determined to raid the room and ac
cordingly swooped d6wn on the place
last night. Winkelmann was found in
the apartment and placed under arrest.
The trunk was opened and was f ound
to contain everything essential for the
manufacture of the spurious coin and
400 bogus half dollars in various stages
of completion.
Winkelmann, who is a German,
about 27 years of age, has resided in
this city for two years. He says that
three years ago he inherited 10,000
marks as his share of a sister's estate.
He journeyed from his German home
to Mexico and there squandered all of
his coin in high living. He became a
member of the Young Men's Christian
Association last year and regularly at
tended the night classes in mechanical
drawing. Secret Service Agent Hazen
said that W T inkelmann had displayed
great skill in the manufacture of the
spurious coin and. that the molds and
metal used showed ingenuity and ap
plication.
BONDED WAREHOUSE
LOSES ITS FRANCHISE
South End Company Accused of Hav
ing Repeatedly O'vercliarjred Pa-
trons and Must Close.
Advices ' were « received in this city
yesterday to the effect that the Secre
tary of the Treasury had decided to re
voke the franchise of the South End
Bonded Warehouse Company. It is al
leged that this concern has been mak
ing exorbitant charges and that a num
ber of complaints have been filed with
Collector Stratton.
William T. Lemman. vice president
of the company, when interviewed re
garding the matter last night, said:
"This comes as a surprise to me. I
had never heard of any complaints be
ing filed with Mr. Stratton and he never
intimated to us that our methods of
doing business were unsatisfactory.
We have had, like all other business
men, some protests regarding charges,
but these have always been amicably
adjusted.
"I have no idea who could have made
the complaint, as our relations with
our rivals, our and the Col
lector of the Port have always been
friendly."
Fonnd With Legs Broken.
Andrew Hagmann, a carpenter," resid
ing at 2020 Twenty-third street, was
found near his home yesterday with
both legs broken. It is thought he was
run over by a wagon while intoxicated.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Liebig Company's
Extract of Beef
See that the label hs* i
this signature in bine :
£^*%
There are a dozen imitations,
some adulterated and worthless
and all Inferior. Some even bear
the name "Lleblz." Avoid <JIa-
appointment by asking (or the
genuine
Liebig Company's
. For forty years the flrsfL \
INSURANCE
New York Underwriters Agency
Assets - - - $14,500,000
Telegram from . Home Office says: "Fol-
lowing course nursued by this company In pre-
vious conflagrations, we are already adjustfng-
and paylntc Baltimore losses."
Shainwald, Buckbee & Co., Mann & Wilson, j
City Agents, - Managers. '
Mills Building-. 322-524 California st. !
San Franclrco. Cat'
DR. JORDAN'S great 4
OF ANATOMY^
0 65 1: " iU2ZX1 S * ■ t **- fci*":i, S.T.Zil. A
\ tjf The Largest Anatomical Mssciio in the \
Q _jj-j' World. WeaknesMt or any eoatncted A
Z yS2 2?) <*i$e«e po»M'«<-l7 «r«l hy the oldest T
O jfSSl ipeculiston the Colt- Eit. 36 years. Q
A 4*¥f J OR* JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN 4
\ tftiPfirafl Convolution free and jtrictly pmate. \
0 i iS%L h T ' Mtmeiu personally or by letter. A A
T H fir Cl IJ /tmiiiM Cur-tin ercry caieundemien. T
A P If II A Write for Book. PBILOROPaT «ff A
▼ If IS * BAnnlACE, MAILED r*BB. (A.Y
\ y, - valuable bo*k for an) \
V DU. JOBDAIf A CO.. 10S1 Market St.S. P. V
ADVERTISEMENTa.
MUNYON'S
EVIDENCE
Furnished He the People Them-
selves Who Hays Been
Cured of
NERVOUSNESS
Duspepsla and Catarrh and
Sleeplessness 1)B
PAW=PAW
Interesting Words From an In-
surance Man^
MR. W. B. LAW, a well-known and
prominent citizen of Cincinnati, who ha»
been in the Insurance business for near-
ly fifty years, and is now connected with
the Royal Insurance Company at 10«
East Third street, says:
"Munyon's Paw-Paw Is a remarkable
remedy. I have been taking it now for
less than a week, withthe most benefi-
cial results. My appetfte is improved, I
sleep better and feel better than I have
for years. My dyspepsia is cured, and
now I cannot praise Paw-Paw too highly,
and I advise all sufferers from stomach
trouble and nervousness to five it a
careful trial."
ROSS L. WALLACE. A. M. and A. C
is one of the most distinguished analytic
and consulting chemists in the East. His
name is near the front rank of the dis-
tinguished in chemistry. This Is what
he says of Munyon's Paw-Paw:
I have analyzed the Munyon's Paw-Paw and
can say that It la a highly coneentrattns vege-
table compound of extraordinary merit a* a di-
gestive and tonic for both the stomach and
nervous centers. It contains nothing what-
ever that could be harmful to the most delicate
orcanlzations.
(Slened) ROSS I*. "WALLACE.
A. M. and A. C.
Philadelphia. Pa.
Paw-Paw will drive out all poisons
and impurities of the blood, and conse-
quently is more beneficial in RHEU-
MATIC. LIVER and KIDNEY COM-
PLAINTS.
If you are overworked, use it. It you
are weak and run down, use it. If you
have no appetite, use it. If you feel
"old." use It. If you are depressed and
feel the need of new life and good cheer,
use It. If you have rheumatism, use it.
If your blood is thin or impure, u«e it.
If your kidneys are ailing, use it. If
your heart is weak, use it. If you can't
sleep, uso it. If your liver or stomach is
out of order, use it. If you have catarTh,
use it.
Paw-Paw is nature's own remedy. Im-
proved by man's scientific skill.
Munyon's Paw-Paw (large bottles'),
price $1. Paw-Paw Laxative Pills, 25c
per box. At all- druggists'.
AUCTION!
OP THE
Following choice list of residence. Investment
ami unimproved properties of the C. J. 'Wln-
gerier estate will be held Monday. February
29. 1904. at 12 o'clock noon, at Golden Gata
Hall. V25-7 Sutter st.. subject to conflrmatioa
by the Superior Court:
zro. 1.
SE. cor. Post and Stockton sts.. substantial
1 five-story and basement brick building, con-
taining store and 24 rooms above; rented low
at $385 per month; lot 25x70.
zro. 2. .
No. 220-6 Kearny st., NE. cor. of Hard?
1 p1ac«. bet. Sutter and Bush sts.. food tt-
story and basement bric!t building, containing;
2 stores and lodgins-hcuse of 14 rooms; rent*
$401 per month; 38x10.
WO. 3.
Xo. 603-7 Kearny St., W. line. bet. Sacra-
' mento and Clay sts.: well-built 3-story and
basement brick bulldlnjr. containing store and
j 6 efflces above; rents $123 per month; lot 23:<hc
! 28:11.
WO. 4.
No. 1209-11 Stockton at.. "W line. bet. Broad-
way and Vallejo «t. : Improvements consist of
."-story frame building, containing stores and
HO rooms above occupied as a hotel; rents $205
per month; lot 45:6x6S:9.
No. 212-14 Leaven worth «t.. E line. . bet.
Turk and Kddy sts.; improvements consist of
2 2-story bay-window .residences of ft rooms
and bath each; rents $130 per month; lot 30x
87:6.
zro. 6.
No. 221 Leavenworth st., TV. Una. bet. Turk
and Eddy sts.; 2-story frame dwelltnt; of 10
rcems and bath; rents $55 per month; lot 23x
87:6.
ZTo. 7.
No. 2121-3 Fillmore St.. W. line. bet. Cali-
fornia anri Sacramento «ts. : 2-»tory fram«
building, containing store and flat of 7 rooms
and bath; rented low at $60 per mi nth; lot
63x100:3.
NO. 8.
No. 27^2-6 Sacramento ft. and No. 2123
j Pierce St.. NW. cor.; Improvements consist of
1 two desirable residences of 10 rooms and bath
each and modern cottage of 9 rooms and bath;
particulars of rents can be had at our office;
lot 137:6xl27:8U.
zro. 9.
, No. 2714 Sacramento St.. N. line. bet. Plerc»
and Scott sts.: a desirable residence of 10
' rooms and bath; particulars of rent can be
obtained at our office; lot 6S:9xl27:S}«.
zro. 10.
No«. 2713-21-27-33 Clay st. and No. 2139
Pierce St., SVV. cor.; improvements consist of
B modern residences of 8-10-12 rooms and bath
each; in perfect order and rented low at $065
per month; lot 206:3xl27:Sfi.
No. 11.
No. 2342-4 Derisadero st., SE. cor. of Jack-
son st.: 2 modern residences of 9-14 rooms and
bath each; rents $133 per month; lot B2:S',i
xllO.
zro. 12.
No. 2321-3 Devlsadero st. and No. 2S11 Jack-
son St., S\V. cor.; Improvements consist of 3
modern residences of 7-8-14 rooms and bath
each; rents $200 per month; lot 63:9x137:8.
zro. 13.
Pacific ave.. S. line, bet. Devlsadero and
Broderick sts.: choice unimproved residence
site; 13oxl27:!*»4- '
zro. 14.
Entire block, No. 853. Tide Lands, consist^
Ingr of 24 lots, Nos. 1 to 24. inclusive.
zro. 15.
Lots 17 to 20. inclusive, and 29 to 32. in-
clusive, block No. 3S1. O"Neil & Haley Tract.
XXSZTS'x* X.EVJT ESTATE.
By order of Executor.
Nos. 715-17-23-25 McAllister St.. S. line, bet.
Gough and Octavla; improvements consist of
store with 4 rooms and lodging-house of 12
rooms and 2 flats of 6-5 rooms and bath: rents
$122 50 per month; lot 53x137:6.
For catalogue- and further particulars. arA
ply at our offlce.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
20 MONTGOMERY ST.
weeeF cm
16 Pa£es. SI per YearPages 9 to 16
SENATOR MARCUS HANNA ANSWERS SUMMONS OF DEATH
AFTER A BRAVE BATTLE THAT AMAZED MEDICAL MEN
End Is Peaceful in
Nation's Capi
tal.
Wife of Lawmaker
Absent at Final
Moment.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 15.— Senator
Marcus Alonzo Hanna died at 6:40
o'clock tc-nlght at the family apart
ments in the Arlington Hotel, after an
illness extending over nearly two
months, filled with apparent recoveries
followed by relapses, and finally drift
ing into typhoid fever, which in his
weakened condition he was unable to
withstand.
When the end came all the members
of the Senator's family were in the
room except Mrs. Hanna. the Senator's
wife, and Mr. and Mrs. Dan Hanna.
Mrs. Hanna had left the room only a
fow minutes before.
The last sinking spell began at ex
actly 6:30 o'clock. Drs. Carter and Os-
Jpr were then in attendance. They did
not conceal the fact that life was about
to end. and all the members of the
family were sent for. Mrs. McCor
rr.ick, one of the tonator's daughters,
ar.d Miss Phelps were present when
the end came. Mr. and Mrs. Dan Han
na were the first to arrive and ©iey
withdrew immediately to the chamber
of the Senator's wife to summon her
to the bedside. It was while they were
absent that the Senator breathed his
last.
There were no distressing incidents
attending the last moments. It was
a sinking spell which terminated in ten
minutes. Just after his eyes closed in
death Mrs. Hanna was able to come
into the room. She bore up well under
the ordeal, and to-night she is showing
calmness ana bravery.
MRS HAXXA COURAGEOUS.
The courage which had been dis
played by Mrs. Hanna was the sub
ject of the greatest surprise. She had
been In almost constant attendance on
her husband, though realizing fully
that there was no hope of recovery.
Nevertheless, the remonstrances of the
physicians and the added implorings
of her children that she take some rest
were unavailing until late in the after
noon, when she was attacked by a vio
lent headache." She was given a nar
cotic, and then she retired to her cham
ber, but requested that a call be sent
2s ponn as there appeared any change
for the worse. ,
For the last two days Senator Hanna
has net been conscious except at in
tervals, and then only to obey mechan
ically some instructions given him by
Thr physicians. Fourteen hours before
the end was announced life had prac-
Ucallj suspended, the flickering spark
being kept aglow by the most powerful
scientific agencies.
Word of the Senator's death went
over the hotel like a flash. The lobby
was crowded, and a score of friends
were waiting in Mr. Dover's room. No
attempts were made to restrain grief.
Senator! Fairbanks, Scott and Kit*
titdge broke down. General Dick wept
his sorrow at the loss of a friend who
had been almost a brother. So it was
that conversations were a curious ad
mixture of whispers and choked sobs.
NOTABLE MEX MOURX.
Spontaneously outbursts of unstinted
t:ibute were heard on every side. Men
who are acknowledjred leaders of po
litical parties, kings of finance and
commerce and men selected to serve in
the highest positions in the nation
were among those who expressed th-i
country's immeasurable loss.
Funeral services will be held In the
Senate chamber Wednesday at noon,
at which the President, Cabinet, Con
press, public officials and friends will
!>e present. For a brief period in the
forenoon the body will lie in stat* in
the marble room. After the services
special trains over the Pennsylvania
Railway will carry the body, the fam
ily ar.d friends to Cleveland, where
services will be hfld either at the home
of the Senator or his son, Dan Hanna,
on Friday afternoon. It is likely that
Bishop Leonard of the Northern Dio
cese of Ohio of th« Episcopal Church
and formerly rector of St. John's
Church in this city, will conduct the
cervices.
Senators and Representatives visited
the hotel throughout the evening- ami
many cf the dead man's friends were
admitted to the death chamber.
The last intelligible words spoken
by Senator Hanna were pathetic in his
attempt to maintain to the last the
humor which was characteristic of his
life. Yesterday morning he moved bis
head slightly and his eyes a little. The
nurse asked if he was looking fcr his
handkerchief.
'"I think my wife has my handker
chief," the Senator whispered.
DEATH MASK IS TAKEN.
Members of the family when told
of the remark at once recognized it
as one of his favorite rejoinders in
good-natured plaguing In which Mr.
and Mrs. Hanna often indulged. It
was the Senator's custom when he
missed any personal article, especially
his handkerchief, to say:
•'I expect my wife has it"
At about 11 o'clock yesterday the
Senator became unconscious and the
patient did not seem to know what
W2.3 groing on about him. When it
eras known that there was no chance
for recovery arrangement was made
to have a death mask taken by Sculp
tor U. S. J. Dunbar and that was done
early this evening. The cast will be
perfect, and, strange as it may seem,
will show the face in its usual full
ness. The Senator's face shows little
emaciation, and, owing to the con
stant use of oxygen, had taken on
what appeared to be a coat of tan.
•which gave it almost a life-like ap
pearaneo.
Gathered in the office room, where
Senator Hanna so often had occupied
n desk dictating campaign correspond
ence, at the time of his death were
Postmaster General Payne, who was
*ilso associated with Mr. Hanna as
vice chairman of the national com
mittee; Governor Herrick, Represen
tative Dick of Ohio and a host of
others associated with Mr. Hanna po
litically and personally. When the
death was announced to them there
was a moment of absolute silence.
"It la a great loss," murmured Qen-
"-..*' ■ . ~ ■ «■.
Typhoid Fever Closes the Career
of the Notable Ohioan.
eral Dick. Then Postmaster General
Payne rang the telephone, and, the
White House responding to his call, he
said:
"Senator Hanna has Just passed
away," thus conveying the news to
President and Mrs. Roosevelt.
A large number or messages were
sent out by the Hanna family and by
Governor Herrick announcing the
death. Throughout the evening there
was a steady stream of caller? and
messages of condolence. Secretary
Cortelyou, Speaker Cannon, Senator
Fairbanks of Indiana and John R. Mc-
Lean of Ohio being among the earliest
of those personally to offer their re
grets.
President Roosevelt called at the Ar
lington Hotel to-night personally to ex
press his condolence to the members of
the late Senator Hanna's family. The
President walked to the hotel unat
tended. Some consideration has been
given by the President and several
members of the Cabinet to the question
of accompanying the funeral party to
the place of Interment of the late Sen
ator's remains in Ohio. The matter,
however, is still undecided.
The flags on the Capitol will be at
half-mast to-morrow and remain so
until after the funeral. The desk of
Senator Hanna in the Senate chamber
will be draped in mourning. There will
be an official funeral in the Senate on
Wednesday, the body lying in state in
the Senate marble room in the morn
ing. It is expected that the Gridiron
Club quartet will participate In the ser
vices and sing the hymns. This will be
done on account of Senator Hanna's
intimate relations with the club. Hl3
last public appearance was at the an
nual Gridiron dinner.
It Is expected that three special trains
will go to Cleveland Wednesday morn
ing, one with the body, accompanied by
the Senator's family; another with the
Senators who will attend the funeral at
Cleveland, and another with the House
of Representatives committee.
SENATOR'S BRAVE FIGHT.
Physicians Say Resistance to the Dis-
ease Was Remarkable.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 15. — Dr. E. P.
Carter of Cleveland, one of the attend
ing physicians, to-night made the fol
lowing statement regarding Mr. Han
na's Illness:
"Senator Hanna died quietly at
twenty minutes to 7 to-night." after a
most superb fight against a very vir
ulent attack of typhoid. The Senator
had not been well for some weeks,
but had been confined to his bed only
during the past fifteen days.
"From the early course of the dis
ease there was no evidence as to the
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY/ FEBRUARY 16, 1904.
intense severity of the infection, and
the outlook at first seemed bright.
Since Sunday, the 7th, the progress
of the fever became more marked,
there being a gradual rise in the tem
perature from day to day, and by
Wednesday the evidences of a severe
toxic condition were such as to make
the physicians in attendance anxious
as to the ultimate outcome, though,
counting somewhat on Mr. Hanna's
indomitable will, they continued to be
hopeful.
"The early inability to retain nour
ishment was finally overcome and the
case seemed to be progressing more
favorably, when on Friday last In the
afternoon the Senator had a severe
chill, a most unusual occurrence in
the course of typhoid. Following this
his temperature rose rapidly, reaching
105 that night, and the evidences of
profound toxemia were marked. Dur
ing the last days of Senator Hanna's
illness he was able to retain the nour-'
ishment given and" responded in a way
little short of marvelous to every
treatment which was resorted to,
rallying promptly from a serious col
lapse which at intervals followed the
chill of Friday. Saturday had been
such a favorable day that his physi
cians took courage and even then
hoped for a favorable outcome. The
change for the worse came early this
morning and was followed by a grad
ual failure of his strength, which al
ready had been overtaxed - by the
severity of the disease. His wonder
ful recuperative power was such that,
though the end had been expected at
almost any time during the early
hours of Monday he clung tenaciously
to life until to-night, when he suc
cumbed."
MASTERFUL LEADER OF MEN.
Popularity of Marcus A. Hanna Due
to His General Manner. -
"Mark" Hanna, as he was popularly
known, was one of the most unique
and forceful characters ever known in
American politics. He combined in his
personality many qualities which made
Caesar, MIrabeau and Napoleon great.
Though his first appearance In national
politics was in 1884, within a very few
years his name was oh every tongue
from Eastport. Maine, to San' Diego,
California, and he was recognized as
one of the "mighty men" of his party.
Without having done preliminary ser
vice in the minor places he became
United States Senator first by appoint
ment to a vacancy in 1897, and in, 1898
by election of his State Legislature.
All through sheer force of intrinric
merit as a. man of brains, Integrity and
forcefulness. ;
Hanna was born at Lisbon (then
DISTINGUISHED . POLITICIAN AND NOTED FINANCIER. MENTIONED AS A PROBABLE CANDIDATE
OF THE REPUBLICAN PARTY FOR PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES. "WHO PASSED AWAY IN
WASHINGTON, D. a, YESTERDAY MORNING AFTER A STRUGGLE OF MANY WEEKS.
Eventful History \of the Statesman Who Was a Master
V in Politics and Finance.
New Lisbon), Columblana Cownty,
Ohio, September 24, 1837, in the. same
corner of the Buckeye State where John
Sherman, Garfield, and William McKin
ley first saw light. His father was
Leonard Hanna, one of the Virginia
Quakers who came to the Old Domin
ion in the early days. The Hannas for
generations: have been influential peo-.
pie in Shelby County, Kentucky Middle
Tennessee, New Orleans, Central Ar
kansas and Missouri. Air of these were
of the same stock from which Mark
Hanna sprung and of closer kin than
is reckoned near in . Scotland. His
mother was a Miss Converse, born in
Vermont, and a Presbyterian in reli
gion. ; .,' : i . : -.'.-:
PARENTS OF STATESMAN.
Of this peculiar : union pf cavalier-
Quaker on. the one side and New Eng
land Presbyterian on. the other came a
strong, . sagacious, , honest and master
ful leader of men, who for a full decade
past has been a fore figure in the coun
cils of his party and the halls of na
tional legislation.
His father was a physician and later
a merchant in Cleveland,- Ohky whither
the family removed : in 1852, • when', the
population : was but 25,1)00. Leonard
Hanna, on going ;to * Cleveland,, em
barked in the -wholesale grocery busi-
ness as head of the firm of Hanna,
Garretson & Co.
' Young Mark, after going through the
public schools of Cleveland, entered the
employ of his father's firm, and on the
death of his father, in 1S62, assumed
control of the business. In 1S67 the
grocery firm was dissolved and he be
came a member of the firm of Rhodes
& Co. He had married in 1864 Miss
Augusta Rhodes, a daubhter of the
senior member of the firm, and on the
rettrement of Rhodes .in 18S7 became
the head- of the firm, which he reor
ganized under the name of M. A. Hanna
& Co., which position he held up to
the time. of his death.
In 1887 he organized and equipped the
Cleveland Transportation Company,
one of the largest lines operating on
the great lakes. On the organization
of the Union National Bank he was
elected its president. - All these enter
prises brought him good returns^and
Hanna was noted as a man of weaith
and resources long before he entered
public life. ,
Though always taking an active In
terest in' politics he made his debut on
the national carpet only in 1SS4, when
he was sent. as a delegate at large to
the Republican National Convention.
He went again as a district delegate iu
1883. A warm friend of Senator John
Sherman, he was a strong advocate for
his nomination for the Presidential
nomination and to the last thought that
Sherman's eminent services were never
adequately recognized.
Hanna was one of the men who ad
vanced the m^ans to relieve Mr. Me-
Kinley's financial embarrassment In
1S88. He took charge of his prelimin
ary campaign for the Presidency In
1895-96, and so well did he conduct It
that he was chosen chairman of the
national committee and given the en
tire conduct of the campaign, which he
carried to a successful Issue. He was
the central figure also In the campaign
for McKinley's re-election in 1900.
In 1885 President Cleveland appointed
Hanna to the very important position
o/ v one of the Government directors of
the Union Pacific Railroad. In 1S81
Hanna organized the West Republic
Mining Company of Marquette, Mich.,
becoming the president thereof. In
1882 he was elected to the presidency of
the Pacific Coal and Iron 4 Company of
St. Paul and later became president of
the Cleveland City Railway Company.
He organized and controlled many
other industries and enterprises, em
ploying at a late date as many as
10,090 men, and always sought and ob
tained the respect and friendship of his
men by dealing fairly with them. In
many years there was never a strike
In any, one of the great enterprises
wilh which he was connected or any
trouble of an aggravated character.
,' His prominence in his party in the
national hfllls of legislation, as a man
of large affairs and his efforts to bring
about amicable relations between labor
and capital, led to his selection as the
head of the momentous conference
lately held in New York City between
the representatives of the two sides of
the great question and to his being
made the head of the voluntary per
manent commission to arbitrate any
differences likely to arise between the
two.
Hanna's part in national affairs, both
domestic and foreign, Is a matter of
recent history, but it may be said that
his action was cogent and pronounced
and his motives of the highest order.
He was even tempered and never fret
ted about anything.
In his beautiful home Windemere.
on Lake avenue, In the west end of
Cleveland. Hanna lived, when not in
Washington, with his wife and two
children, Ruth and Mabel, an Ideal
happy American home life. His only
son, Daniel R. Hanna, married some
years ago and set up housekeeping for
himself. He entertained largely and
was a most hospitable but unostenta
tious host, though the family made no
pretensions to social leadership.
Hanna was not very pronounced In
his religious views. His wife is a con
sistent member of the Episcopal church
and he was a vestryman of their* par
ish, though not a communicant.
RELATIONS WITH McKJXLEY. *
His first meeting with William Mc-
Kinley was in an Ohio courtroom,
where a labor dispute wa; 1 ing tried,
and Mr. McKinley was the counsel on
the side opposed to Mr. Hanna. Mr.
Hanna was so Impressed with the
conduct of Mr. McKinley at that trial
that he sought the acquaintance of the
f-.ture Governor and future President,
and this acquaintance ripened into
war friendship.
Mr. Hanna's opportunity to make
Mr. McKinley the Presidential candi
date came four years later, In 1896.
Hanna began the wofrk of getting the
delegates for McKinley at least two
Pages 9 to K£
The President Calls
to Express His
Sympathy.
Washington Flags
Will Fly at
' Half-Mast.
years In advance of the meeting of the
convention. "While other Presidential
aspirants and their friends were spec
ulating as to when would be the right
time to get to work Mr. Hanna called
a most important conference of admir
ers of McKinley at Thomasville. Ga.
Here the whole plan of the campaign
was mapped out. The conference in
cluded men from nearly every State In
the Union, and the South was strongly
represented. While Reed was busy in
Congress and Platt and Quay and
Clarkson were thinking of making a
combination some time in the future.
Hanna had started the movement that
was to overthrow all opposition and
place William McKinley in the Whit»
House.
SUCCESS TO POLITICS.
With the election of McKinley cams
additional responsibilities to Mr. Han
na. He had to reward thousands of
men to whom pre-election promises
had been made. As the chairman of
the national committee he was bound
to see that the President received aid
in carrying out the policy to which he
was pledged. The President desired
Mr. Hanna In- his Cabinet, but that
was not to be thought of so long as
John Sherman lived, bo Mr. Sherman
was invited to become Secretary of
State, and Mr. Hanna was appointed
to the Sena'te.
At the next meeting of the Ohio Leg
islature It became necessary for Sena
tor Hanna to fight for the place. The
Legislature was very close, and the
Foraker and McKissen wing of the
party opposed Senator Hanna and tried
to defeat him, even though the place
should go to a Democrat. But Hanna
triumphed and his position was secure.
Not in the Senate, however. There
a man goes to the front only after he
has forced his way there. The Sen
ators of long service hang to their pre
rogatives, which they have obtained
only after years of planning, and a
new man finds little consideration if
he aspires to have a voice in leader
ship.
Hanna gradually worked his way to
the front, but he did not reach it until
after the second election of McKinley.
Even then he got a rebuff which would
have staggered an ordinary man. After
the election of 1900 he sent a letter to
all the Republican Senators, saying:
"Let us all be in our seats the first
day of Congress and pass the shipping
bill."
The Senators, almost to a man, re
sented this, and it was not until two
years later that Senator Hanna was
able to pass his bill In the Senate, and
then with the votes of the Iowa and
Wisconsin Senators against it, which
Insured its defeat in the House, be
cause of the influence of these two
States.
From the very minute that Mr. Roose
velt became President the relations be
tween him and Senator Hanna became
a matter for lively speculation. It was
believed that they would find it Impos
sible to get along harmoniously to
gether.
Mr. Hanna had been regarded as Me
legatee of Mr. McKinley, but the men
from the Western States, who had
forced the nomination of Mr. Roosevelt
at Philadelphia even after Mr. Rocso
velt, then Governor of New York, had
compelled the New York delegation O
drop him as its choice for second place,
did so in the full belief that Roosevelt
was entitled to the nomination in 1904.
Senator Hanna was the first great
preacher among the leaders of his party
against socialism. He put himself on
the platform. "Wealth and property
must meet labor half way if they would
prevent a social revolution."
Senator Hanna became interested in
the Council of Conciliation of the
American Civic Federation, which was
planned to prevent or settle labor dis
putes. He accepted the presidency of
that body. The day before he took the
place, sitting in his office in Washing
ton, he gave the Herald an Interview
in which he said:
"To succeed in this work I would
give up my seat in the Senate. I would
rather . be instrumental In bringing
about harmony Detween labor and cap
ital than be President of the United
States."
As president of the Council of Con
ciliation Mr. Hanna brought to the aid
of the cause men who had" scoffed at
such a thing, and they are now hearty
workers in the field of mediation. It
was Mr. Hanna who brought about the
settlement of the great strike of steel
workers in 1901. He endeavored to
bring to an adjustment the coal strike
of 19C2, and if the coal operators and
coal railroad presidents had followed
his advice the strike would have been
adjusted on terms much more favor
able than they finally got and would
have saved in business and wages the
enormous loss to the country of $39,
000,000.
TALKING OF A SUCCESSOR,
Many Will -Aspire to the Mantle of
the Late Senator.
CINCINNATI. Feb. 15.— As the Ohio
Legislature is now in session Senator
Hanna's successor will not be appoint
ed by the»Governor. but at once elevat
ed for the .terms expiring in March.
1905. and March. 1911. Less than seven
years ago Hanna. who had never be
fore held office, succeeded John Sher
man as Senator. He was re-elected
last month. During the past week
there has been much comment about
the Senatorial succession. Among the
names mentioned In this connection
have been those of Governor Herrick.
Charles P. Taft and George B. Cox of
Cincinnati. J. H. Hoyt of Cleveland.
General J. Warren Keifer of Spring
field. General A. W. Jones of Toungs
town. Congressmen Dick. Grosvenor,
Burton. Nevin and Warnock.
Mr. Hanna lived in Northeastern and
Senator Foraker In Southwestern Ohio.
It 13 claimed by some that geograph
ical conditions are likely to add to the
chances of Governor Herrick or Con
gressman Dick, who reside In Wu dis
tricts.10
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
FIRST OFFICERS
ARE RE-ELECTED
Alameda County Automobile
Club Shows Confidence in
Men It Named a Year Ago
BEPOKTS ARE PRESENTED
Good Work Accomplished by the
Association Is Recounted by
the President and Secretary
OAKLAND, Feb. 15. — The members
of the Alameda County Automobile
Club elected their oJHcers for the en
suing year and heard the reports on
the lirst year's work of the organiza
tion at their first annual banquet, held
this evening at the Hotel Metropole.
The officers that served the < lub dur
ing the lirst year of its existence were
unanimously re-elected as a mark of
appreciation of the splendid work
done by them in perfecting the or
ganization of the club. The officers
are:
Prsider.t, Dr. N. H. Chamberlain:
vice president. Dr. G. W. Rodolph:
secretary, F. F. Weston; treasurer, R.
J. MoMullen.
Alter thankinc the members of the
club for the confidence they had
thown in re-electing him to the of
fice of president. Dr. Chamberlain
said:
"It is with considerable pride that
I look baok over the first year's work
of our club, the details of which will
he given by the secretary in his report.
In genera i we have modified legisla
tion; vre have exorcised our influence
In favor of good roads; we have pretty
veil overcome the antagonism and
jrejudice of the community against
automobiles, and ihave succeeded In
placing our dub upon a sound and
permanent basis.
XEW ORDINANCE.
"I wish to take this opportunity to
explain the provisions of the new or
dinance regulating the use of auto
mobiles in this county.
"The ordinance provides that auto
mobiles always take the righthand !
side of the center of the road on meet
ing a vehicle; that the maximum
epeed shall not exceed twenty miles
an hour; that upon signal from an
approaching driver the autoist shall
k!o\v down to Fix miles an hour and
on second signal he shall bring his
machine to u full stop until the driver
ehall have passed. On mountain
sxades the automobile shall take the
outside of the grade. As a compensa
tion for this just ar.d liberal law we
have agreed to support the law and
prevent as far as we can its violation,
and we have also agreed to keep all
automobiles off the tunnel road.
"The chief work ahead of the club
for the coming year is to discourage
the reckless use of the auto and to
agitate constantly for good roads."
IIISTOI1Y IS REVIEWED.
Secretary YVeston in his annual re
port reviewed the history of the or
ganization of the club and then read
the following:
"The fear of the Merchants' Ex
change about the safety of a certain
road known as the tunnel road, in
which it had invested a large sum of
money for the benefit of Oakland,
w.us brought to the attention of the
club, and it decided to aid the mer
chants in restraining the automobilists
lrom using it, at least temporarily,
until it couid be improved. The exec
utive committee of the club met with
them and while expressly denying the|
right of any one to keep an auto off
a public road* agreed in the wisdom
and expediency of exercising a moral
restraint in this particular case and
has posted notices to that effect on the
tunnel road."
Mayor Olney was among the invited
guests at the banquet and delivered a
short address.
The members of the Alameda Coun
ty Automobile Club are H. R. Jack
son, Dr. L. E. Kelly, W. E. Knowles,
Berkeley; W. G. Manuel. C. S. Mey
ers. G. P. Moore. San Francisco; H.
C. Morris, R. H. Morris, Hugo Muller.
Dr. I. E. Nicholson. \V. J. Roth, H. X.
Turrell, W. H. Weilbye. H. A. Wilkin
son. Represso, Cal.; H. A. Brown, C.
C. Clay, P. T. Clay. John Conant, W.
F. Cuberson. Dr. A. L. Cunningham.
G. D. Cummings, Berkeley; W. J.
Eir.rick. Dr. J. M. Fearn, \V. M. Gar
diner, San Francisco; E. M. Hall Jr.,
J. C. Hayes, M. J. Herby, W. Horner,
L. A. Hicks. Berkeley.
Slarrlase Licenses.
OAKLAND, Feb. 15. — The following
marriage licenses were issued by the
County Clerk to-day: Charles W.
Kllpsch. over 21. Oakland, and Car
rie L. d« Louis, over 18, Kansas City;
ilaus Freitas, 21. Santa Clara, and
Christina Gomes, 18, Oakland; Arthur
N. Crane, 26, and Florence R. Sils
bee, 18. both of Oakland; Patrick B.
Keating, over 21, and Kathryn J. Tay
lor, over 18, both of Oakland.
Ijrctnre by Dr. Friedlander.
OAKLAND, Feb. 15. — The "Scope
of the Young Men of the Present"
will be the subject of a lecture at the
Utopian Club, which will be given to
morrow night by Dr. Frledlander. the
founder of the club. The clubrooms
are on Thirteenth street, between
Broadway and Washington. The pub
lic is invited to attend.
Mother and
Baby
both helped by the use of
SCOTT'S
\i will enrich the mother's milk
and make the baby thrive. If
it is a bottle baby, put a part of
a teaspoonful in the bottle when
it b fed. For poorly nourished
babies and children we believe
it has no equal in the world.
MAKES MAYOR'S
POSITION PLAIN
Oakland's Chief Executive Is
Added to Committee to Ap
praise Contra Costa Plant
THINK MOVE SIGNIFICANT
Politicians Believe Olney's Ac
ceptance "Will Aid Plan
Proposed by John L. Howard
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Feb. 15.
Mayor Warren Olney has been ask
ed and has consented to act in an ad
visory capacity with the committee of
three Councilmen chosen to select an
engineer to represent the city on the
board of three experts to appraise the
value of the Contra Costa Water Com
pany's plant. The Mayor's acceptance
is thought to be of much significance
by politicians. Heretofore it had been
reported that Mayor Olney did not ta.
vor the plan of solving the water ques
tion proposed by Councilman Howard.
His agreement to act with Councilmen
Dornin, Cuvellier and Pendleton, the
committee representing the City Coun
cil, apparently removes all doubt as to
where he stands. Councilman Howard
is also a member of the committee in
aii advisory capacity.
The exact purpose of the board of
experts, which is to be composed of
the city's expert, an expert of # the
Contra Costa Water Company an'd .a
third expert to be chosen by these
two, is to fix a basis of water rates for
the ensuing year, this basis also to be
used in the purchase or lease of the
water plant by the city, should such
a plan he decided upon.
Three More Items Deckled Upon.
BERKELEY. Feb. 15.— The citizens*
bond committee to-night decided to re
port three more items recommended by
5ub-committees and intendea for the
proposed bond issue to the Board of
Trustees. These items call for $35,000
for the Fire Department, $75,000 for a
new City Hall and $125,000 for the
schools. As it stands now the people
will be asked to vote upon items call
ing" for bonds amounting to $317,000,
segregated as follows: Wharf, $45,000;
streets. $7000; schools, $125,000; Fire
Department, $35,000; City Hall, $75,000;
parks, $10,000; manual training, $20,000.
When the bonding proposition is final
ly submitted the people will vote upon
these matters separately. The grand
total will be increased if the Town
Trustees decide to incorporate into the
bonding proposition an item calling fcr
$160,000 for a sewer system, making a
further total of $447,000. Guy Hyde
Chick of the street sub-committee told
the committee to-night that the present
sewer system is entirely inadequate.
When it rains the sewers in West
Berkeley overflow, endangering the
health of the district.
STANDING ROOM
UNDER THE BAN
Supervisors Finally Pass Ordi
nance Prohibiting Any Ob
structions iii Theater Aisles
The Board of Supervisors yesterday
finally passed the ordinance prohibit
ing persons from sitting or standing
In the passageways of theaters. Super
visors Lunstedt and Hocks of the, Fire
Committee filed a majority report rec
ommending an amendment that per
sons be allowed to stand in the foyer
of theaters, but the amendment was
losj. by a vote of 6 for and 9 against.
The minority report of Supervisor Al
pers that standing room be prohibited
In all parts of the theater was adopted.
Alpers said Chief Sullivan of the Fire
Department had advised against stand
ing room at all.
Grades were ordered changed and es
tablished at points on Sanchez, Thir
tieth, Green, Fillmore and Dore streets.
The roadways of Green street from
Octavia to Buchanan and Laguna
street, between Green and Union, were
fully accented.
The Moody Estate Company was
granted permission to lay a spur track
on Seventh street, between Irwin and
Hooper.
Boxton Introduced an ordinance mak
ing it unlawful to carry on any busi
ness or to pursue any trade or voca
tion in any house, room or building
connected with any building which is
used for r-irposes of prostitution. The
ordinance is Intended to prevent the
carrying on of the restaurant business
In connection with the "Hotel Nym
phia," and was referred to the Police
Committee.
The City Attorney was asked for his
opinion as to whether the board can
order a refund of $1397 62 taxes paid
by the Hobbs estate on non-assessable
bonds, and further whether It is not
a matter wherein the petitioner for the
refund should properly go to the courts
for a legal adjudication thereof.
The petition of the Hansen estate for
the return of $1579 64 taxes paid on per
sonal property was denied.
The ordinance providing for wide ex
its in hospitals and lodging-houses and
that doors leading to fire escapes shall
be of gli^fss was laid over for one week.
The two ordinances extending the
limits within which it Is unlawful to
maintain rock crushers and rock quar
ries together with blasting operations
were finally passed. The ordinances are
designed to prevent Gray Bros, from
blasting at Thirtieth and Castro streets.
The proposed ordin--ce making it
unlawful for any person, firm or cor
poration to carry on the business of
rock crushing without first obtaining,
from the Board of Supervisors a per
mit for the same and filing a bond to
pay all damages resulting therefrom
was passed to print.
The ordinance prohibiting vehicles
from standing on * public streets dur
ing certain hours was finally passed.
San Diego Bond Issue Valid.
SAN DIEGO. Feb. 15.— Official con
firmation of the validity of the recent
issue of San Diego bonds to the
amount of $381,000 has been received
from bond experts Dillon and Hub
bard of New York. Since the receipt
of the telegraphic opinion several
days ago most of the fire department
and bridge bonds have been sold, only
$11,500 yet remaining to be disposed
of.
CAPE TOWN, Feb. 15.— The Parliamentary
elections Ju« held In Cape Colony have re
rulted in a progres*lve majority of five over
the Afrikander Bund.
THE SAN FRANCISCO. CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 1901.
SCENIC ROAD
REPORT MADE
Supervisors Listen to Estimates
Submitted by Committee on
Cost of Alameda Boulevard
RIGHT OF WAY ASSURED
There Is Now Sufficient 3Ioney
on Hand to Let Contracts
for the First Five Miles
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Feb. 15.
The report of the viewers appointed
by the Eoard of Supervisors for secur
ing the right of way for the proposed
Scenic boulevard between East Oak
land and Haywards was presented to
the board to-day and shows that the
right of way^can be had for $25,211 25.
Most of the land needed will be do
nated, the viewers, however, agree
ing to pay for destroyed fencing, and
these claims amount to the sum men
tioned.
The cost of construction, it is esti
mated, will be $283,000. The road is
to be nine miles in length and by a
provision made by the Supervisors in
the' last tax levy there is now $90,000
to the credit of the fund. The report
Is presented by County Surveyor E. C.
Prather, I. B. Parsons and A. B. Carey.
As soon as the roadway is finally ac
cepted contracts will be immediately
let for the first five miles of the work.
Three weeks from to-day was set as
the date for hearing any protests
against the proposed work.
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
OAKLAND, Feb. 15.— To-morrow will be
the second TuPFday of the month, which al
ways brir.g-s the regular Ebell luncheon and
Its attendant pleasures. Interest will be add
ed to .to-morrow's programme by little talks,
which the vice president and other delegates
to the recent federation in Sacramento will
give. Mrs. J. B. Hume, acting president of
Ebcll during Miss Gray's absence, was one
of the pinning Iight9 of the convention, and
will tell the Ebell women to-morrow some
thing of what was done there. Mrs. Kate
Bulkley also made an excellent Impression
during the federation and was one of the
most jirominent delegates there.
After the luncheon to-morrow an attractive
musical programme will be given, under the
direction of Mrs. George H. Collins. Follow
ing are the numbers as planned: Violin eolo,
nocturne. (Chopin-W'ilhclnij), by Mrs. Ed
ward Norton Ewer; selected reading, Mrs.
James Monroe Gamble; vocal solo (a), ''Go,
Lovely Rose"; (b), "Fair Daffodils (.Leandro
Camcanarl, and (c), "Bijou Song," from
"Faust" (Gounod), by Miss Lillian itemlllard;
Miss Collins, accompanist.
The second of the series of card parties
'vhich Mrs. Kelton Taylor has been giving took
place thfc> afternoon, and a great compliment
was paid to her popularity by the fact that
not one of her invited guests was kept away
by the storm. The game of the hour. "Five
Hundred." served to pass the time very pleas
antly, the prizes being won by Mrs. E. G.
Lukens, Mrs. Frederick Cllft and Mrs. E. F.
Brown.
A profusion- cf violets, daffodils and carna
tions formed a. pretty background for the la
diea 'it the receiving party, who were neatly
gowned in white. Mr».' Taylor was charming
in a white cropo gown, an exquisite point
lace berthc falling gracefully from the shoul
der?. Mrs. Taylor's pister, Mrs. E. S. Fow
ler, who was the honored guest to-day, wore
a beautiful white silk, and s-o did Mrs.
Charles Lovell. Mrs. E. G. Lukens and Mrs.
Peth Mann both wore beautiful white gowns.
Mrs. Le© Cole Burnham's pretty pale blue
gown was unusually becoming.
Mrs. Taylor was assisted in receiving by
Mrs. Charles H. Lovell, Mrs. E. S. Fowler,
Mrs. E. G. Lukens, Mrs. I'aul Lohse, Mrs.
Seth Mann, Mrs. J. Loran Pease, Mrs. Mon
tell Taylor, Miss Nlppert, Miss Elizabeth
Gowan. Mrs. A. S. Larkey, Mrs. Lee Burn
ham and Mrs. E. F. Brown.
Miss Blanche Morse and her fiance, James
Kenna, were honored guests Saturday evening
at a dinner given by Robert Bain. The guests
were: Mr. and Mrs. Irving Burrell. Miss Ada
Kenna, Miss Morse. Miss Katherlne Jackson,
Miss Edith Manning, Mr. and Mrs. Smith,
James Kenna. Frederick Rogers, Robert Bain
and Murray Orrlck.
One of last week's many pleasant affairs was
planned by Mrs. T. Clinton Shankland in honor
of Mrs. T. H. Williams, who expects to leave
Oakland very 6hortly to take up her residence
in Los Angeles. The ufternoon was devoted to
cards, both the games and decorations being
suggestive of the Valentine season. "Hearts"
wat played and the scores were kept on little
heart-shaped cards. Ferns, violets and other
seasonable llowers adorned the rooms and the
dainty prize wus won by Mrs. W. A. Schrock.
Besides the gutst of honor, Mrs. Williams,
ther« were present Mrs. J. Cal Ewing, Mrs. M.
L. Broadwell. Mrs. C. McDonald, Mrs. W. A.
Schrock, Miss Lizzie McDonald, Mrs. P. H.
Lacey of San Francisco, Mrs. Frederick Morse,
Mns. Jack Campbell, Mrs. Charles F. Cobble
dick. Mrs. Edward Robinson and Mrs. F. H.
Dorzag.
The card party given by Mrs. George C.
Bornemann and Mrs. Bhelby Martin last Satur
day closed the social week in a brilliant man
ner. The Bromwcll home, where the affair
was given,' is admirably adapted for entertain
ing, and it presented a charming appearance
last Saturday, fragrant with violets and Jon
quils, and thronged with lovely women in be
witching gowns.
Mrs. Bornemann and Mrs. Martin were as
sisted by Mrs. L. L. Bromwell, Mrs. E. J.
Cotton, Mrs. Louise Allender, Mrs. Frederick
Dallam. Mrs. Francis Musser. Mrs. J. Loran
Pease. Mrs. Frederick Stolp, Mrs. Charles Lo
vell. Mrs. Edward Griffiths. Mrs. Felton Tay
lor, Mrs. Percy Bromwell, Mrs. Churchill Tay
lor, Mrs. Richard Bahls, Mrs. Willard Forsyth
Williams, Mrs. Lou Ghirardelli, Mrs. John F.
Connors. Mrs. W. E. Miles, Mrs. de Ver Mc-
Laren, Mlsa Brcmlcy of Chicago, Mrs. J. M.
Kelley, M.« Margaret Matthews and Mrs.
George de Golia.
Among t.'-e players were: Mrs. 'Wickham
Havens, Mrs. Edward Engs. Mrs. Edward M.
Walsh, Mrs. Robert Moore, Miss Chrissie Taft,
Miss Edith Gasklll. Mies Isabelle Kendall, Mrs.
Irving Burrell, Mrs. Oeorge Hammer. Mrs.
Ernest Folger, Miss Ada Kenna, Mrs. Hay
ward Thomas, Mrs. G. L. Hergert, Mrs. Seth
Mann. MIkb Emma Mahoney, Mrs. M. Houston,
Mrs. William Watt. Mrs. Montell Taylor, Mrs.
Alexander Marx, Mrs. Alfred von der Ropp,
Mrs. Thomas Pheby, Mrs. E. G. Lukens. Miss
Florinne Brown, Mrs. Lillian Brown Everts,
Mrs. Egbert Stone, Mrs. Fred Hathaway, Mrs.
Sam Rreck, Miss Harriet Knight, Mrs. Clar
ence Gray. Mrs. Henry Rosenfeldt. Miss Nich
olson, Mis? Bertha Young, Miss May Young,
Mrs. Lee Cole Burnham, Mrs. Ma II lor Searles,
Mrs. Dan Belden, Mrs. William Lynham Shlels,
Mrs. Frank Deerlng. Mrs. William Ede, Miss
Elsie Everson. Miss Edith Selby, Mrs. Charles
Rodolph, Mrs. Harry Carlton and Mrs.- William
H. High.
Mrs. Carlton Crane and her daughter, Miss
Helen Crane, will entertain a few friends at
luncheon Thursday.
Mr. and Mrs. Fred B. Dallam will entertain a
few friends Informally Wednesday evening at
their home on Wallsworth avenue.
At the la«t meeting of the Harmony Club
Miss Sallle Worley was the hostess. The prizes
were won by Mrs. Fred Dorsaz and Mrs. Rowe.
Mrs. WiU Lyon. Mrs. Ball and Miss Charlotte
Elsey were guests of the club.
Mr. and Mrs. A. H. Gray <nee Mante) re
turned last Saturday from their honeymoon
trip and are at their home, 835 Harrison street.
Mr. and Mrs. J. J. Valentino (nee Moore)
are at the A. A. Moores for a few days prior
to leaving for their future home in Oregon.
Archbishop Celebrates Mass.
OAKLAND, Feb. 15. — Archbishop
Montgomery will celebrate a month's
mind mass at St. Joseph's Home, at
Fortieth street and Telegraph avenue,
to-morrow morning for the repose of
the eoul of Rev. Mother Agatha, Su
perior General of the order of the Sis
ters of St. Joseph. . '
The parishioners of St. Anthony's
Church of East Oakland have arrang
ed to give a fair for the benefit, of the
church. The annual parish fair will
be held on Monday, May 30, probably
at Idora Park,
SPECIAL BOND COMMITTEE
REPORTS TO THE COUNCIL
Goes Into Detail Concerning Each Item of Expenditure
That Js Recommended; Total for Various Items Being
$3,500,000-- Over a Million for Schoolhouses and Sites
Children's playgrounds .....; $80,000
Paries and development 9G0,000
Boulevards • -W- •'• ' 230,000
Lake Merrltt. : • . . .?. 50,000
New City Hall, property and equipment 650,000
Bituminous crosswalks and culverts 100,000
Public Library. • ♦ • ? 15,000
Water meters ' • • • • • • 140,000
Stone culverts • 50,000
City wharves 15,000
Sewers ♦ • 100,000
Schoolliouses and sites l.aiO.OOO
Total $3,500,000
OAKLAND, Feb. 15.— These are the
items and amounts submitted to the
City Council to-night by the special
bond committee, which Is composed of
John L. Howard, chairman; B. H. Pen
dleton, A. H. Elliott, George W. Dornin
and B. C. Cuveiyer. The report goes
Into details as to each item. The rec
ommendations are as follows:
CHILDREN'S PLAYGROUNDS.
In recognition of the" general demand from
our citizens, and following the example of
other cities where the establishment of these
facilities for Juvenile recreation have been at
tended with satisfactory and beneficial re
sults, we believe —
First — That the reclaimed land owned by the
city and located In West Oakland should be
put into condition and equipped for the pur
pose at a cost of $30,000.
Second— That a suitable location should be
selected in the Sixth Ward, purchased and
fitted at a cost not to exceed $35,000.
Third— That another , site should be pur
chased in the northwest corner of the Second
Ward, and similarly . fitted at. a cost not to
exceed $15. C00. '.
PARKS. V
We recommend ■' the 5 purchase of the De
Fremery property at Sixteenth and Adelino
streets, at a cost of $85,000. and for the Im
provement of the same, $10,000.
This will serve the needs of that portion ol
the city in that regard, and when properly
treated it will form one of the most beautiful
and attractive places of resort in our city.
We recommend the purchase of 300 acres
to be selected in and about what is commonly
known as the Sather Tract, in the nostheastem
part of the city, at a cost of $1000 per acre—
*:i00,000. For the development and improve
ment of the same. $150,000.
We regard this as only the nucleus of a
central park, which will ultimately be ac
quired by the city. The combination of level
land for recreation and of hills for prospects
makes the site one of peculiar fitness and such
as is possessed by very few cities in the
country. . •
We recommend, if this property be pur
chRBed. that the services of an experienced
park engineer be secured to thoroughly study
the various features of the location, to the
end that when his plans shall be finally ap
provW their official adoption will serve to
fix a standard toward which expenditure may
be made. This course will avoid the some
times needless waste, of money In meeting the
views of changing administrations.
Wo recommend for the Improvement of In
dependence Park. $20,000.
And for Bushrod Park, $10,000.
Park site south of Twelfth-street dam. We
recommend an appropriation of $185,000.
The best method of treating this difficult
project has not yet been determined, and It
needs careful engineering stndy.
We recommend that f6r the acquisition and
improvement of property on the west side ot
Lake Merritt, between Twelfth and Lake
streets, and between Oak street and Lake
Shore, commonly known as "The Willows,"
there should be appropriated the sum of $150,
00O and for the Improvement of same the fur
ther sum of $50,000. ' "' "' *•-*-•
We believe UiHt when the citizens of Oak
land reach a full appreciation of the advantage
and the attractiveness of a salt water lake In
the center of the city, and whose supply may
be renewed with every incoming tide, they will
recognize the value and the necessity of ulti
mately controlling the entire shore front of
the lake, and this reoommendatlon Is Intended
to put the city into possession of a consider
able oortlon of It, when It may be had at a
cost that will not make Its consideration or
purchase prohibitive.
BOULEVARDS.
For the completion of the Lake Shore boule
vard on the east side of Lake M*errltt from
Its present terminus at East Eighteenth street
to station 11. thence across the head of the
lake to Pleasant Valley avenue, $115,000.
For the extension of the boulevard from
station 11 norteasterly to the southern en
trance of the proposed Central Park. $50,000..
This latter will constitute what is commonly
termed a "panhandle to the park," and it may
be so treated as to transfer the real entrance
to tho park from the southwesterly corner of
the Sather tract to the terminus of the Lake
Shore boulevard at station 11.
For the construction of a section of the
boulevard on the west side of Lake Merrltt,
between Twentieth and Twenty- fourth streets,
$65,000.
Proceedings are now under way for acquir
ing the property necessary for this Improve
ment, and the expense Is to be met by a pro
posed district assessment.
Inasmuch as the street improvement must
follow, the committee recommends that it be
treated as a section of the boulevard, which
It Is believed the city in the .future will ex
tend around the entire lake shore.
We believe that in the near future the city
will recognize the necessity of dredging this
lake bottom and of taking measurea to pre
vent the deposition of sewago and other waste
material within the lake area. We therefore
recommend that provision be made for this
future work to the extent of $50,000.
NEW CITY HALL.
The need for this improvement Is self-ap
parent and recognized by every citizen. The
modern practice In design and construction is
to meet the need of a city office building, at
the same time having due regard for such
architectural effects as are called for in a
structure for public purposes.
The present necessities of the city In these
respects may be met by a building to be
erected on the present City Hall property and
estimated to cost $375,000.
In view of the possibility (which by proper
treatment may be made a reality) of securing
a consolidation of Oakland. Berkeley and Ala-
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"Beauty 'is but skin-
deep" was probably meant
to disparage beauty. In-
stead it tells how easy
that beauty is to attain.
"There is no beauty
like the beauty of health"
was also meant to dis-
parage. Instead it encour-
ages beauty.
Pears' Soap is the means
of health to the skin, and
so to both these sorts of
beauty.
Sold all over the world.
1 jtWui. The Best Preparation
llSP* Colds, Coughs,
I^^v- and Asthma.
I 2j»e-Slmlta "' X^/'S s?' ,/ ' on erery
f BlCTMnreot box.
meda this design of the new City Hall is such
that it may be extended by additions along
Fourteenth and Fifteenth streets and also
along the rear bo as to make ample provision
to meet the business" necessities of the city in
all the years to come.
In addition to this we recommend the ac
quisition by the city, either by purchase or by
condemnation of the property between Four
teenth and Fifteenth streets and between Clay
street and San Pablo avenue that is not now
owned by the city at a cost of $250,000.
The reasons for this recommendation are:
1. The city will ultimately need the prop
erty and it cannot b© purchased at a lower
cost than now
2. The revenue to be derived from the prea
ent improvements, until the city requires the
use of the land plus the taxes from the- in
creased value that will be given to surround
ing property will offset the interest on the
bonds u#ed by the city In its purchase.
3. When the union of the three cities is ac
complished, as It will be, no point In the
entire area could be found that will be more
central or better suited to the purposes than
the site of the present City Hall.
We recomend further that for the furnish
ing o f the new building there should be appro
priated the sum of $25,000.
BITUMINOUS CROSSWALKS.
To avoid the necessity of constantly renew
ing the plank walks throughout the city by
substituting those of a more desirable and
more permanent character we recommend the
sum of $100,000.
PUBLIC LIBRARY.
To meet the needs of the trustees for addi
additional equipment. $15,000.
WATER METERS.
In the anticipation of the acquisition by the
city of its own municipal water supply, and
In order to change from the present illogical
system of charging "flat rates" to that of
"actual consumption," we recommend that pro-
Vision be made for the early installation of
meters. It will have th"e positive effect of
curtailing, waste, and ' if found desirable this
amount of money may be subsequently re
turned to the city out of the revenues of the
water business — $140,000.
If for any reason the plant of the Contra
Costa Water Company Is neither leased nor
purchased, then the bonds contemplated in this
item will not be issued or sold. If, however,
the lease or purchase shall be made at a
price that commends itnelf to the citizens,
then this expenditure will at once be a ne
cessity. ■. ...
STONE CULVERTS.
To replace perishable wooden bridges and
culverts in city streets that pass over depr«s
slons carrying streams, we recommend the sub
stitutions of stone structures to cost $50,000.
CITY WHARF.
To replace the present untreated pile sub
structure by substituting a permanent founda
tion that will call for no expensive renewals —
515,000.
SEWERS.
T(T provide for the reconstruction, of the
western end of the main lake sewer, and to
make this artery efficient (which it is not now)
for the needs of the city— $70,000.
To prov/de a proper outlet for the east side
sewer and prevent its material from beins
carried into Lake Merrltt— $20,000.
"To arrord" tJrainage • for sewage ana storm
waters at Twenty-first avenue. East Oakland—
$10,000.
SCHOOL HOUSES AND SITES.
In view of the needs as represented by the
Board of Education, we have adopted and we
recommend the requisition made by that body
for public schools ($oe0,000) and for Polytechnic
School J150.000).
The report was referred to the com
mittee of the whole, to be taken up
at a meeting to be held Tuesday, Feb
ruary 23.
WANTS SUIT PUSHED.
Aitkcn Demands Action In Water
Rate Case.
OAKLAND, Feb. 15.— Councilman
Altken to-night Introduced two resolu
tions directing that the City Attorney
push the water rate suit, which Is in a
position to be presented to the Supreme
Court, and asking that the Bay Cities
"Water Company submit a new offer to
the Council relative to a municipal
water supply.
Before these resolutions were offered
Altken read a lengthy speech, in which
he arraigned the plans of the special
water committee for the purchase of
the Contra Costa water plant as im
practical and in favor of the water
company. He advocated the appoint
ment of a board of three engineers as
a special committee to report on the
feasibility of the Bay Cities project and
made an attack upon John L. Howard,
the chairman of the special water com
mittee, which attack was resented and
replied to by Councilmen Pendleton,
Dornin and Cuvellier. *
Alameda County Deaths.
OAKLAND, Feb. 15. — Mrs. Anna
R. Kelly, the wife of General Manager
W. F. Kelly of the Oakland Transit
Company, died yesterday at her home,
246 Perry street, at the age of 36
years. Deceased was a native of
Ohio.
Mrs. Phoebe F. . Watkins died to
day at her home, /3621 Broadway, at
the age of 72 years. The deceased
was the mother of Mrs. W. C. Little
and had resided in Oakland for the
last "forty years.
Mrs. C. C. Clank, aged 40 years,
died yesterday in this city. The home
of the deceased was in Lake County.
School Exhibit for Fair.
OAKLAND, Feb. 15. — The commit
tee appointed at a general meeting of
the teachecs of Alameda County for
the purpose of preparing an exhibit
for the St. Louis world's fair has made
a report and intends that the work
of the school shall show, first — a typi
cal country school, with one teacher;
second — the work of a village school,
with three or four teachers; third —
work for the various grades of more
advanced schools. A circular con
taining full details of the plan is to be
prepared and sent to the teachers of
the county. r ; ';
Aged Minister Passes Away.
ALAMEDA, Feb. 15. — Rev. T. L.
Randolph, a retired Episcopalian min
ister, died yesterday at the home of his
daughter, Mrs. E. H. Simonson, on
Alameda avenue. He was a native of
Rhode Island and had lived in Califor
nia for thirteen years. Deceased is
survived by three children, Mrs. E. H.
Simonson, D. L. Randolph and Cap
tain B. H. Randolph of the United
States army. Funeral services will be
held to-morrow afternoon at Christ
Episcopal Ctfurch. Bishop "William
Ford Nichols will deliver the eulogy.
Evans' Writ Dismissed.
The argument on the application
for a writ of habeas' corpus for the
release of J. M. Evans, saloon-keeper,
116 Eddy street, "was heard before
Judge Cook yesterday. The writ was
dismissed and the* prisoner remanded,
the Judge holding that an appeal
against the Judgment of the lower
court was the proper course. He fixed
the bail on appeal at $100 cash.
INFANT HEIR
IS PROPONENT
Brothers of the Late Mrs.
Gertrude Goewey Havens Con
test Her Deathbed AVill
INCOMPETENCY IS CHAHGED
Assert Testatrix AVas Not in
Proper Mental Condition to
Execute Legal Instrument
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Feb. 15.
The four brothers of the 'late Mrs.
Gertrude Goewey Haven3 of Berkeley,
who, upon her deathbed, made a will
leavlns all her wealth to her newly
born son. will contest the testament of
their sister upon the ground that she
was not of sound mind when she made
It. To-day they filed a former will
made by her in 10 02, 'in which they
were left practically all of her estate,
which is valued at about $35,000.
Mrs. Havens was the wife of John
W. Havens of Berkeley, who is
wealthy in his own right. Shortly
after" her marriage she made the will
now presented by her brothers for
probate. It was witnessed by Judge
William P. Lawlor of San Francisco
and Elizabeth T. Brice of Oakville,
Napa County, and after a bequest of
$2000 to her husband she devised her
share in the Goewey Estate Company
of San Francisco to her brothers —
Charles H. f Frank B., James M. and
Herbert S. Goewey, share and share
alike.
Last March a son was born to Mrs.
Havens and a few days afterward she
died. Just before her death ' she re
quested that another will be drifwn
up, leaving everything she possessed
to her son and heir. She was too weak
to siffn her name and s'mply made
her mark, which was witnessed by
Ethel Sherman, 930 Filbert street, and
Elizabeth M. Cole, 2033 Charming
way, Berkeley. This last will disin
herits every one but the child, whose
uncles will contest its right to inherit
what they deem should be theirs.
Death Takes William Tabor.
ALAMEDA, Feb. 15. — William Rod
ney Tabor passed away last night at
his home, 1233 Regent street, aged 22
years. He was the "husband of Grace
Tabor and son of Harriet S. Tabor
and the late - Rev. Rodney L. Tabor
and brother of Edward R. and Alice
Tabor and Mrs. Fred Armstrong of
Honolulu. His funeral will take place
to-morrow afternoon from the chapel
of the First Presbyterian Church. In
terment win be in Mountain "View
Cemetery.
BEGINS TO FIX
RATES FOR GAS
Board Questions Officials of
San Francisco Company Re
garding Cost of Manufacture
TESTIFY AS TO QUALITY
*
General Manager Lawless to
File Inventory and Value of
Property of the Corporation
The Board of Supervisors yesterday
met as a committee of the whole, with
Supervisor Sanderson in the chair, to
begin Its Investigation into the financial
operations of companies supplying gas
and electricity for the purpose of fixing
th« rates to be charged therefor during
the next fiscal year.
General Manager Lawless of the San
Francisco Gas and Electric Company
was the first witness on the stand and
gave testimony as to the cost of gas in
the holder, which he said was 31.59
cents per 1000 cubic feet. The cost of
gas in the burner Is 40.73 cents, or a
total cost of 72.32 cents. Of this total,
Lawless said, 10.47 cents was for distri
bution, 2.22 cents for office expenses and
2S.04 cents for miscellaneous expenses.
Continuing Lawless said:
"We manufacture nothing but water gas. but
we bought a quantity of coal gas at 30 centa
per 10OO cubic feet, which we turned into our
mains to mix with the water gas. There is
about 14 per cent more carbon monoxide, in
water gas than in coal gas. The high cost
of manufacturing coal gas would necessitate
a charge of $1 11 per 1000 feet. We have not
made any coal gas for some time, but the plant
is kept in reserve until such time as coal will
be cheap enough to warrant a rate below that
fixed by the municipality. We would have to
purchase South Prairie or Nanaimo coal at
$3 50 a ton. It is now as high as $5 a ton.
In 1003 we used 216.4S2 barrels of ga3 oil at
74.57 cents a barrel. In 1902 we used 142.341
barrels, which cost us $1 09 a barrel. The
cost of coke is advancing and the contractors
win be unable to furnish us oil at the con
tract price
The number of complaints as to the poor
quality of gas has fallen off CO per cent. We,
being under tlr». have dono everything possible
to give the people good service. The result
of the complaints was that we increased th«
pressure, but the bills were correspondingly
Increased.
Superintendent of Gas Manufacture
H. Pabst gave evidence as to the com
ponent elements of water gas, which he
said costs less to manufacture than
coal gas.
Lawless agreed to file an inventory of
all the properties of the corporation and
the value thereof. Lawless said the
mains of the lighting concerns ab
sorbed by the San Francisco Company
were all being used In the Interest of
efficient service. Captain A. H. Payson,
vice president of the company, ex
plained that the mains of the absorbed
companies were in different districts.
The board adjourned to meet on next
Tuesday at 3:30 p. m.
Schooner Alcalde Wrecked.
The schooner Alcalde, while lying at Gray*
Harbor Sunday, lost her anchor and drifted
outside. She was driven ashore on North Spit
and became a total wreck. No lives were lost.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ASTORIA— Sailed Feb 15 — BMn Encore and
bktn Gleanor, for San Francisco.
SAN DIEGO— Sailed Feb 15 — Stmr Lakrne,
for San Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND— Sailed Feb 15— Br ship
Pass of Brander. from Tacoma, for Valparaiso.
PORT GAMBLE — Sailed Feb 15 — Schr Ga
mane. for San Francisco.
SEATTLE — Arrived Feb 14. O p m — Stmr
Francis H. Leggett, hence Feb 11; stmr Cen
tennial, hence Feb 12.
ABERDEEN— Sailed Feb 15— Schr A. B.
Johnson, for Pedro; schr Alcalde, for Ma
nila; schr W. J. Patterson, for Redondo.
Arrived Feb 1&— Stmr Newburg. ■ hence Feb
11 : stmr San ' Pedro, hence Feb 11, rt* Eu
reka; scar Halcyon, from A! tat a.
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
# OAKLAND.
111S Droadwaj.
Telephone Main 1083.
BERKELEY.
2148 Center Street.
Telephone North 7«.
ALA3IEDA.
14S5 Park Street.
Telephone Eagle 502.
LEAVES PRISON* TO
FACE A NEW CHARGE
SACRAMENTO, Feb. 13.— H. G.
Wilder, assistant superintendent of
the Arizona Territorial prison at
Yurna, called at the Governor's office
to-day with a requisition for the re
turn to Arizona of a man named
Charles McXeal. alias Hoyle. McXeal
is wanted on a felony charge. He was
to have been released from Folsora
priso — »-diu\
f^he requisition papers were defec
'/.ve. and the requisition of the Govern
or of Arizona could not be honored.
Wilder went to Folsom this mornins.
stating that if McNeal did not want to
accompany him U> Arizona he would
have him arrested and hold him until
the defect in th« requisition papers
could be corrected.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Alametla County.
MONDAY. FEBRUARY 15.
Charlotte W. and 3. P. Hall to Ambrose F\
Cornwall, lots 1 and 2. block 1. East Oakland
Heights. East Oakland (recorded February 13,
10O1): $10.
Lgu!s F. and Lydla Monteasle to A. U. So
bey (single), lots 28 to 31. N 15:4 of lot 32
and S 14 :» of lot 27. block 4. map resubdlvlslon
of blocks 0 ami 4. Antl^U Tract. Berkeley cre
corded February 13. liMM); $in<>.
A. L. Sobey (single) to F. E. Armstrong,
same (recorded February 13, 1904) : $100.
Mathew Laaido (widower) to MarU C Silva
(wife of Francisco P.). undivided half Interest
in let on K line of Henry street. KAH N of
Fifth. N &1 by E 125, lots 32 and 31. block 400.
may resubdlvision of city blocks 4D-1 to 4!)r>.
Oakland: $10.
Geo Quong Woo (single) to Harriet M. Mier
(widow), lot on E line of Mllvla street, f>5 N"
of Cedar. N 40 by E 9t>. lot .". block 7. map
resubdivisioa plan of Sprague & Swain prop
erty In block 7. Graves & Taylor Tract. Berka
ley; *IO.
Isabella and E. O. George (husband) to II. M.
Maxwell, lot on NE corner of Thirtieth an<i
Filfeert streets. N 6S hy E 75, being S f~> feet
of •lots 2H to 30, block 671, Glasccclt Tract.
Oakland: $10.
Herbert L.. Breed (single) to Flaviua J. ami
Perry J. Boring, lot on N line of Plumas street.
10.1.S4 W of lirove. TV 40 by N* i:». lot 1!O,
block R. Alpine Tract. Oakland: $!O.
Charles M. and Lena Mactfregnr to William
I. and Mabel M. MacdonaJd, lot 14. Austin
Park. Oakland; 510.
Elsie Ann McElrath (wife of J. E.) to Henry
Jund, lot 10, block 2117, Alden Tract at Tem
escal. Oakland: $10.
Charles A. and Margaret"!?. Rastall to Isaac
!».' Saxton. lot 0. map E. W. V.'oidward's sub
division of lot 10, Dunnlsnn Tract, in plat 4:5.
V. and D. Peralta raneno, Oakland: $10.
A. J. and Sophie M. Snyder to James Coak
ley, lot on Nw corner of Laurel street ar.4
Telegraph avenue. W ISO. N ICO, E SO. S 40.
E 100. S CO. lots 1, 6 and portion of lot 2, block
L. map of blocks O. P. and L. In Kelscy Tract,
Oakland: $10.
Adella J. Bredhoff (widow) to Henry Bred
hoff, undivided one-half Interest In lot on 3
line of Sixth street. 75 V> ot Grove. W 73 by
8 100. lots 12 to 14, block 50. Kellersberger'a
map. Oakland: $10.
Jerome Deasy to Margaret G. Deasy (Hayes),
lot on SW lino of E Fourteenth street. 8«> SB
of Second avenue. SE 40 by SW 90, block (Ht
Clinton. East Oakland; gift.
Olive *nd A. C (or Alexander C.) RamM«
to W. II. Cornell. lots IB and 17. block *.
map of East Oakland Heights. East Oakland;
$10.
Grace and W. R. Shilling to G. I* Fltz.
lots 28 and 27, block P.. lots 23 to 2T», block:
F. lots 29 to 32. and 42 and 43, block E.
amended map of Christiana Tract, Oakland
To-wnshlp; $10.
C. A. Mix (olngle) to Sarah A. Cochran
(widow) lot on E line of Walnut street. 346 X
of Rose. N 50 by E 133. lot 8. block 22. map
property of >T Byrne In Berkeley Villa Tract.
Berkeley; $10.
Teresa Nelaon (single) to Realty Syndicate
(corporation 11 lot 5. block B. amended map of
Lortn Heights Tract. Berkeley; $10.
"Walter J. and Grace E. Mortimer to August
Petersen and Oliver Pearson, lot on SW corner
of Bristol and Grove street, N 45 by W 1(V),
portion of range 1. Hardy Tract. Oakland; $10.
Isaac L. and Ella J. Saston (wife) to Charles
A. Rastall. lot on SE line of Brandon street.
155 NE of Putnam. NE 37:8 by SE 100. lot H
and portion of lot 17, block 770. map «ubdivl.
■Ion of Syndlcats Investment Company's blocks
751. 752. etc., L*vy and Lana tracts, Ftultvale.
Brooklyn Township; $10.
Clara M. and D. H. Ainaworth to Elvira
Grover (widow), lot beginning at stake In M
line of Maple street. 107 E of College avenue.
N 134:8. E 100. S 104:6. W 100, lots 5 and «,
block A. map portion of Prospect Hill Tract.
Brooklyn Township; $100.
Emily K. Latham (arldow) to John B. Goody,
lot 23. block A, Latham Terrace, Brooklyn
Township: $10.
Sylvester and Julia E. Brooks to Julia E.
Stoddard (widow), lot on S line of Santa Clara
avenue, 100 W of Benton street, W B0 by S
140. lot 4, map cf block 21. Fitch Tract. Alx
meda (first parties reserve life estate): $10.
■ ADVERTISEMENTS.
IRREFUTABLE EVIDENCE
Of the artistic excellence of our fine
laundry work is presanted on the linen
of every shirt front for evening or every
day wear that you see on thoso who aro
our patrons, and they sura up the total
of the critical and fastidious "man about
town." business or professional man in
San Francisco, who knows a good thing
when he sees It. ! When you wish your
shirts, collars or cuffs carefully handled
and faultless In color and finish take
them to the United States Laundry.
No saw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY,
orriCE 1004 maeket steest.
Near Powell.
Phone South 420.
Plates at Cost
Made by the professors of this college
and guaranteed a perfect tit. We so-
licit the most difficult cases and make
a specialty of natural looking and ser-
viceable teeth.
Painless Methods — Extraction Free.
Week Days, 9 to 9; Sunday 3, 9 to I.
Post-Graduate Dental College,
San Prandico— 3 Taylor Street.
Oakland — 973 "Washington Street.
San Jos* — 45 East Santa Clara Street-
Sacramento — 107 J Streak-NEWS FROM THE RACETRACK, POLO FIELD AND PRIZE RING
GLENNEVIS WINS
THE HANDICAP
Sais Is Beaten in the Interest
ing Three-Year-Old Event
at the Los Angeles Track
THREE FAVORITES FIRST
Waiter, a Xexv Starter, Takes
the Second Race, With Mili
tary Close Up at the Wire
LOS ANGELES. Feb. 15.— Three fa
voritrs, two well-played second
choices a.c<5 a third choice won at Ascot
to-flay from fairly good fields In the
respective races.
A free handicap for three-year-olJs
ar.d upward at a mile was the best
race cf the day from a speculative
point of view. GTennevls at 2 to 1 won
cleverly from Sals, M. F. Tarpey third.
Huapa!a won the f'.x and a half fur
longs race In a drive, Colonel Bogey
t«»cond ard Elie third. The time, 1:21*4,
was fast fcr the track. Wood claim, an
cd<Js-on favorite, won the two-year-old |
race. Jerome second and Peggy Mine
third.
Waiter, starting for the first time
•here, won the second from Military,
finrcsta^ third. Weather cloudy;
track good. Results:
First rsc*. two-ypir-o'.ds, »»Ilrnr. four tw
:~r:jr» — WotxJcIalm. 1C5 (Donovan) » to 10, won;
Jerome. 1O4 (Phillips). 4 to I, eecond; Pe*rB> I
:.'.'.r:t!. 107 <Rc<lfern). 2 to 1. third. Time. |
l:* 1^. Light cf L)a.y and Lady Blantos also
secend rac*. three-year-oVl» and up. Sl&uson
c- urse COO feet start of «lx furlongs) — Waiter.
113 iMountals). 5 to 2. »cn; Military. 113
<Mi!esj. 12 to J. peccad: Florestan. 1C3 (Feitch),
1 to 1. third. T:m«-. 1:11**- Nesrusca, Flea.
M"tlakat:a.. L*i*V.k. Wayer. Inaugurator, Olivi
lo and Urtano also ran.
ThlrJ race, tree handicap hurdle for four
yr&r-cids and up. one and a quarter miles —
IWutle O. 13C (Archibald). 8 to 6. won: Galba.
::-■> .McHush). 4 to 1. secend; May S. 125 «.Tul
br» .".0 vo 1, third. Time, 2:1S. Heir Apparent
t.r4 PoorLands also ran.
Fourth race, tree handicap for three-year
<•'. is and up, one mile — Glennevis, 1O* (R.ed
f«rn). 2 to 1, »en; Sais, 05 < Booker), 4 to 1,
*.iror.d: M. F. Tarpey, :00 (Sirnctt), 2 to 1.
th:r<J. T:rue. 1:41. Krag? also ran.
Fifth race, threo-year-oids. eellint, six and
a half furlong* — Huapala. 100 <Slnnott), 0 to 1,
f.cn; Crlonel Bogey, 100 (Murphy). 0 to 2, sec
end; Ei;e^. ICO (Anderson). 4 to 1. third. Time.
2 :21*». Turtle, Durbar, Xeko and Japalak also
T*n.
Sixth race, four-year-clds and up. selling, one
rr.'.l" and seventy yards — Platonius. 107 (Sin
*iott). £ to 1. xren; Hest Man. 102 (Lewis). 3 to
I. second; PnrteztatBS, 107 (Fletcher). 3 to 1.
thirl. Time. 1:46U. Galar.thus. Greenock and
Cairijbcll alto ran,.
Ilarinjj Results at New Orleans.
NEW YORK. Feb. 15. — Crescent
City results:
First race, six furlongs, selling —
Belle Mahone won. Tally H second,
• Balm of Gilcad third. Time. 1:14 2-5.
Second race, six furlongs — Sid Sil
ver won. Aggie Lewis second. Little
Jark Homer third. Time, 1:14 1-5.
Third race, half mile — Viperine v.-on.
Arch Oldham second. Isabella D third.
Time, :48 3-5.
Fourth race. mile, handicap — The
&XefiBC&ser 'won. Hands Across second,
K^zzah third. Time. 1:41.
■ * Fifth race, mile and a sixteenth.
.selling — Lee Kin? won, Colonel Riter
spcor.d. The Guardsman third. Time,
'l:48 1-5.
Sixth rncp. mile and a sixteenth.
seilirrsr — Blue Mint won. Ximble Nag
sr-rr.r.i. Jij'ise Cantrill third. Time,
1:50.
■ m ■
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE
|||f& clear Havana
pHI Selected
||||||| Discriminating
|8|1|I Smokers
fCfus. Hattheas & Co.
Distributers
San Francisco
Every Woman
■ SvW.i« MARVEL Whirling Spray
V o§C '« Ct3 >>1 uon end Sw-fum. Bett- ■&»$-
Tt •»• rsrnot Kopjuy the
t-:f iral*4 book-«">*«-U p:Tet V*,. / "M
i- 'i particular! WiCl<1:re<-!'rr?)« In- *V #„.. Of
k'sSrSiolKaes. MABVEICO-
T:ir:c« BnU&ing. New Tork. v
fCoal Reduction
I American Cannel
Sold by All Reliable Dealers.
ASTHMA CURED
To «tay cartd. Health restored. Attacks uev«r
return. Write for liock 60, free to *ry A«hro»
cr Ji.'-y F'vt euSerer. A4dre«a J>. HAKOU>
HAYES. BuCalo. W. X. '
POLO EXPERTS PREPARE
FOR GREAT TOURNAMENT
Carloads of Ponies Are Shipped to Field at Del Monte, and
Labor of Handicapping Players Is Proceeding Rapidly.
Owners of Fast Horses Seek Tanforan for Race Meet
SNAPSHOT PHOTOGRAPH OF TWO NOTED POLO PLATERS "WHO
WILL TAKE LEADING PARTS IN THE ANNUAL TOURNAMENT
AT THE HOTEL DEL MONTE.
All arrangements for the big polo
tournament and pony racing meet, to
be held at Del iionte under the auspices
of the California Polo and Pony Rac
ing Association, are now complete. By
to-morrow admirers from all over the
State will begin to arrive, and the
largest crowd of years will no doubt be
or. hand when the big tournament
opens.
The executive committee in charge of
the affair — Rudolph Spreckels, F. J.
Carolan, R. M. Tobin, C. Raoul-Duval
and Richard McCrcery— met yesterday
afternoon to complete final arrange
ments for the big meet. Every detail
was carefully gone over and the mem
bers of the committee announced after
the meeting that everything was satis
factory.
It was expected that the entries for
the events would be ready yesterday,
but Mr. Carolan, who has charge of
that part of the programme, was un
able to have them classified in time.
He stated, however, that the list was
the largest that has yet been entered,
and that in point of quality the ponies
were the best to be had.
WANT FINANCIAL AID
FROM THE GOVERNMENT
Local Commercial Organizations Fa
vor an Appropriation for the Lewis
and Clark Centennial.
Representatives of the Merchants'
Association, Manufacturers' and Pro
ducers' Association. . San* Francisco
Board of Trade, State Board of Trade,
Chamber of Commerce and Merchants*
Exchange met yesterday and passed
the following resolutions:
In vjew of the benefits likely to follow the
American Paclnc Kxposltlon and Oriental Fair
and l*s influence In promoting commercial in
terests on the Pacific Coast by widening trade
relations between the Orient and the United
States, and in view of the fact that an ex
position of this kin4 Is to be held in Portland.
Or., in the year 1905. to be known as the
••Lewis and Clark Centennial," the commercial
organizations of San Francisco, acting Jointly,
do hereby .
Resolve/ That the Merchants' Association,
the Manufacturers' and Producers" Associa
tion, the Bourd of Trade, the Chamber of
Commerce, th« Merchants* Exchange and the
California State Board of Tratf- of the city
of San Francisco, believing that the Ijevln and
Clark Centennial and American Exposition and
Oriental Fair, to be held in the city of Port
land. Or.. In the year I00"i. promise to bring
very beneficial results to the Pacific Coast, do
hereby favor a federal appropriation In aid of
such exposition.
Itesolved. That the California delegation In
Congress be and is hereby asked to favor such
appropriation In this behalf as Is deemed nec
essary to suitably carry out the purposes of the
exposition and to provide for a Government ex
hibit thereat.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DON'T NEGLECT
Your Stomach and Bowels. So
much depends upon them. Your
health, happiness, and even your
life is controlled largely by these
organs. It is therefore very im-
portant at the first symptom of
the stomach becoming weak or
the bowels constipated that you
take a few doses of Hostetter's
Stomach Bitters. It is the best
Stomach and Bowel medicine in
existence, and positively cures
Heartburn, Indigestion, Dyspep-
sia, Constipation and Malaria.
Try it.
HOSTETTER'S
STOMACH BITTERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 16. 1904.
A committee comr>osed of L. Mc-
Creery. C. McKay and C. Raoul-Duval
was named to handicap the events. An
effort will be made to secure the ser
vices of General Barrett as judge for
the racing-, though it is not known
whether he will consent.
Two carloads of ponies were shipped
from this city to Del Monte yesterday
afternoon, and two more carloads prob
ably will be shipped to-day, as well as
three from Riverside and Santa Babara
that are expected to arrive In this city
this morning.
The executive committee is making
strenuous efforts to secure Tanforan
racetrack for the pony racing events.
The California Jockey Club people will
be approached to-day regarding the
deal, and it is thought likely that the
latter will consent to the proposition.
Carolan's private track, while one of
the best laid out and neatest In the
country, is not quite large enough for
the coming event, and for that reason
Tanforan is wanted. The Ninth Cavalry
and the Fifteenth Infantry from Ord
Barracks will give several exhibitions
of rough ridins during the carnival.
HUNT ORDERS DISMISSAL
OF THE GLADSTONE SUIT
Finds Millionaire Is Entitled to judg
ment Because of Lack of Prose
cution by Plaintiff;
A dismissal of the suit of Elizabeth
Gladstone against Joseph • Boardman.
the aged millionaire, was ordered yes
terday by Judge Hunt. This decision,
following close upon the heels of a
motion to dismiss the suit, effectually
disposes of Mrs. Gladstone's claim
against the millionaire. -
Mrs. Gladstone sued Boardman for
$500,000 damages for alleged breach
of promise. The suit was tried before
a Jury in Judge Hunt's court and a
verdict for 525,000 was given the
j plaintiff, Boardman appealed from
the judgment and a new trial was
granted him on the ground that the
evidence did not justify the verdict.
The new trial wasgranted two years
ago and since then Mrs. Gladstone has
made no effort to have her second
trial brought to an issue. Because of
her neglect Boardman came into court
ivnth a motion to dismiss the action.
His motion was heard two weeks airo
and Judge Hunt yesterday decided
that he was entitled to a favorable
f?iT? nt , because Mrs. Gladstone
foiled to give sufficient reasons for her
delay.
Twentieth Century Club Recital.
The second "Artist Recital" of the
Twentieth Century Club - was given
last night at Lyric Hall, with Mme.
Lillian Blauvelt, the famous American
soprano, as the artist of the evening
Mme. Blauvelt, whose -first local ap
pearance was made last night, proved
herself a delightfully distinguished
singer, possessed of a lovely voice
and charming personality. Her pro
gramme, varied and admiiably chosen,
was heard with enthusiastic attention
by the members of the Twentieth Cen
tury Club, who were out in force to
welcome the accomplished singer. Mme
Blauvelt will make her first public ap
pearance this evening at Lyric Hall,
and there will be two other reclta!s!
on Thursday evening and . Saturday
afternoon of this week. To-night's pro*
gramme will be as follows:
"Son Troppo," Galuppi; "Amaralli,"
Caccini; "Una Voce Poco Fa," Ros
sini; "Lotosblume," Schumann; "Fruh
lingslled." Mendelssohn; "O Weisst Ich
Doch," Brahms; "WillNIemand Sing
en." Hildach: "Charmant Paplllon,"
Campra: "Pourquoi." Delibes; "Vieille
Chanson." Bizet; "Les Vepres Sicil
lennes," Verdi; "My Heart," Randeg
ger Jr.: "My Bairnie." Vannah;- "Stolen
Wings," Willeby; "Ecstasy." Beach;
"Spinning Sons," Liza Lehmann,,.,.
COURT ORDERS
FAVOR MACHEN
Justice Pritchard Disposes of
Prayers of Prosecution in
the Postal Frauds Cases
DEFENDANTS ARE FAVORED
"Not Guilty" to Be Verdict if
Facts Can Be Accounted For
on Fair Theory of Innocence
WASHINGTON, Feb. 17.— When the
postoffice conspiracy trial was re
sumed to-day the prosecution offered
two additional prayers, one referring
to the statements made by some of the
defendants to postoffice inspectors and
the other denning a reasonable doubt.
Justice Pritchard disposed of them
by announcing that he would charge
the jury that these statements should
not have any effect on the defendants,
except on the one making them, and
the jury should not conjure imaginary
doubts to avoid performance of a dis
agreeable duty. The verdict must be
"not guilty" fop all of the defendants,
if the facts and circumstances and
their act's can be accounted for on any
reasonable theory consistent with the
presumption of innocence, or if the al
leged conspiracy is not established as
having been entered into with intent to
defraud the United States. Most of the
prayers of the defense were granted by
the court.
What is deemed by them an impor
tant one Instructs the jury that if they
believe from the evidence that Lorenz
owed Machen $25,000 or any other sum,
Lorenz had a perfect right to pay
Machen that sum wholly or partly in
such manner and methods as he chose.
He had the right to pay it partly by
checks and partly by drafts at his own
convenience or to equalize the balances
in the banks with which he had ac
counts to make payments in such pro
portionate parts as he chose of the
amounts received from the Groffs from
time to time. Machen, the court will
add, had the right to receive and accept
payments on account of the indebted
ness, even though he knew they were
derived wholly or partly from Lorenz's
interest in the profits of the Groff fas
tener sales: provided that Machen's
official action as to the fasteners was
not thereby affected; also provided
that the jury finds the transaction be
tween the Groffs and Lorenz was bona
fide, contemplating in this connection
the manner of the payments.
The instructions granted direct that
no act or statement of ths defendants
after the alleged conspiracy was con
summated can be considered as evi
dence tending to show the existence of
the alleged conspiracy. The statements
of certain of the defendants on May 27
last are not to be considered as evi
dence of the existence of the alleged
conspiracy, but merely as tending to
show that any one making such state
ment was a party to conspiracy which
may have been established already to
tho satisfaction of the jury beyond a
reasonable doubt. In determining tne
question whether the $25,000 note al
leged to have been given by Lorenz to
Machen was in fact executed at the
time stated and as to the good faith
the jury may consider the extent and
value of the oil lands acquired by the
Pluto Oil Company subsequently
turned over to the Crystal Refining
Company, the cost of refining, etc., and
other circumstances showing value of
the property.
The submission of prayers was con
cluded at the afternoon session. The
arguments will begin to-morrow and
the case probably will go to the jury
Friday.
DK1M.OUKS CONDITIONS
AT BIG LUMBER CAMP
Orjranizer of the Federation of Labor
Says Men nt Fort Braze Should
Kcceive Better Treatment.
James A. Gray, general organizer of
the Federation of Labor, stopped over
in this city while on his way from
Fort Bragg to Los Angeles. He de
plores the conditions at present exist
ing at the lumbar camp and hopes the
men will be eventually granted better
pay and shortenjhours.
The following ottlcers have been in
stalled by Branch 618, Amalgamated
Society of Engineers: President, H.
Nicol: vice president. W. Hampton;
recording secretary, G. Dawson; finan
cial secretary, E. Larmer; treasurer,
John Manderson; sergeant at arms,
Robert Airth; delegate to the Cleve
land, Ohio convention, to be held In
March, H. Nicol.
Bookbinders' Union No. 31 has in
stalled new officers as follows: Presi
dent, Charles J. Williams; vice presi
dent, Edward Wagner; recording sec
retary, A. Paul!: financial secretary,
William J. Fleming; treasurer, George
Pedem; statistician, Howard Morton;
inspector, James D. Kelly;, guide, S.
Rose; executive committee — Joseph
Floyd, Theodore Fluehr and William
J. Strickland; delegates to Labor
Council and Allied Printing Trades
Council — Theodore Fluehr, T. Leajy
and D. T. Powers; delegates to Bind
ery Women's Council No. 125 — Wil
liam J. Strickland and Theodore
Fluehr; press correspondent, D. T.
Powers; sergeant at arms, "George
Buehne.
Pacific Parlor Minstrels.
The storm of last evening did not
deter 1500 people from attending the
minstrel show given by Pacific Parlor,
N. S. G. W., in Native Sons' Hall. The
entertainment was by- the f ollewlng
named members of the parlor: Inter
locutor, William H. Langdon; soloists,
J. F. Cannon. William G. Baudoin'. Dr.
J. I. Richards. J. A. Black, Dr< T. A.
Rottanzi, D. C. Deasy; Dr. F. I. Gon
zalez, J. E; Barricklo, G. A. Marshall,
D. J. Sheehan, Harry Judson, Lyman
Jennings, H. L. Auger, J. E. Sheehan,
D. McArron, Harry Clawson, Alma
Shines. G. A. Sheehan; bones, William
H. Dahl, C. E. Singley, Sylvain A.
Newman; tambos, Howard King, Otto
Schoenwald. Edward Hogan.
The vocalization, the Jokes and the
specialties of the programme met
with the approval of the audience, as
manifested by its generous applause.
The programme was followed" by
dancing until midnight.
Coach for the Princeton Xlne.
PRINCETON. N. J.. Feb.
cial announcement was made to-day
that Coach Arthur T.- Hildebrand has
been secured by; the athletic commit
tee I to coacji the 'Princeton baseball
team this season. The committee
voted to send a track team to /the
Olympian, games at St; Louis .::■. next
summer •'•■!-:;
MISSOULA. Mont., Feb. IB.— Edward Tru
deau. a -deputy Sheriff, was «hot dead" to-dav
by a drunken character' named Herman Par
•on*. A posse is -in pursuit of 'the murderer
MIMO IS BEATEN BY MURESCA
IN A VERY EXCITING FINISH
Four Public Choices
Take Purses at
Ingleside.
Between a thirty-knot gale that
swept over the course and rain tb/it
fell in sheets there were many dis
advantages about the racing at Ingle
side yesterday. Still, under these un
propitious climatic conditions form was
maintained, four out of six public
choices splashing home first The at
tendance was only fair.
While. Jean Gravler was apparently
best of the bunch starting in the open
ing Futurity course sprint Polonlus,
the 9 to 5 favorite, was returned the
winner. J. F. Sheehan rode Jean Gra
vier and after getting into all sorts of
pockets and being repeatedly cut off
the black horse only lost by a head.
Dr. Sherman, a 40 to 1 shot, which led
into the stretch, was a good third.
Thaddeus, from his poor showing, is
not a mudlark.
Both Edith Vice and Marie J ran ex
tremely bad races, and there is little
wonder that Eduardo won the half
mile scramble for two-year-olds. Why
they performed so indifferently is un
explainable. for as a rule two-year-olds
are very consistent. At any rate Sac
charate, the Napa Stock Farm entry,
was the only one able to raise a gallop
and had the favorite straight to win
by less than a length. Mogregor fin
ished third.
As Roach, while a promising lad, Is
not a fashionable rider, 2 to 1 %-as laid
about Lansdowne in the betting on the
next, a Futurity course run. Hand
press came in for strong backing be
cause of Hildebrand having the mount,
and did play a limited engagement out
i:i front. Then Lansdowne assumed
the leading position and in a drive led
Whiskers out at the end less than a
length. was a remote fourth, be
hind Handpress.
The critics were Inclined to blame
Hildebrand for losing the fourth event
with the favorite, Mimo. He had the
lead at the paddock, but drew his whip
and Knapp, astride Muresca, got the
decision by a scant head. Flaneur, a
10 to 1 shot, finished a fair third.. Hilde
brand carried Muresca wide turning
into the stretch and it is probable that
the best horse won.
It was a Job lot batch that lined up
in the seven-furlong selling number.
Past Master on form looked about the
best, but was unable to get any part of
the purse, after showing prominently
to the stretch. Candidate, a 16 to 1
shot from Dr. Rowell's stable, made all
the running:, only to be collared and
beaten out by Bonner on The Ledaean.
Outburst, at 50 to 1, ran a close third.
First Chip appeared to be every-,
body's pick to take the closing mile
run. .There was a little market for
Constellator, but the bis money went
in on First Chip, forcing the odds from
3 down to 9 to 5 favoritism. There
never was any doubt about the result,
the first choice winning all the way.
Constellator ran a tame second, three
lengths away, and Pierce J finished
third __.
XOTKS OF THE TRACK.
The poor showing of Faulconbrldge
in the stake event last Saturday Is eas
ily accounted for now. The horse bow
ed a tendon.
Almost on the eve of the California
Derby Garnet Ferguson experiences a
piece of verv bad luck. While out gal
loping on the track at Ingleside on
Sunday, his great colt Bearcatcher
shied at a piece of paper and later
pulled up very lame. It transpires
that the brown colt strained a tendon
and will have to be shelved for some
time.
Harry Stover lost Pierce J after the
last race. The chestnut 'horse was
claimed for $823 by E. Tierney, owner
of Mr. Dingle.
Parker & Thwaites shipped their
string of three. Fossil, Planet and Bo
logna, to Little Rock last night, along
in the same car with the Henshall sta
ble. "Big Bill" Knapp, the stable
rider, will remain here until the end of
the week.
Roach rode two wlners yesterday
and has a chance now to make a good
rider.
This will be Hildebrand's last day
here in the saddle. .
Following are to-day's entries:
First race — Three-quarters of a mile; maid
en three-year-olds; selling.
K05-1 Hogarth (Carmody)
CC27 Inspector Munro (Fcx) 112
t>C27 Jack Little (Fine) 1C9
C027 Orso (J. P. Fitzgerald) 109
Gateway (Lottrldge) 100
5!>9r» 'Rlcaca (Boerecke) 1C2
6027 'Red Bird (Slaughter) 102
C01S •Serenity (Dayton) 102
6004 'Harbor (Pwowell) 107
OflCO Stlmy (Hooper) 107
«031 Instrument (McAllister) 112
'Lizzie Ward (J. Fitzgerald) 102
Second race — Six and a half furlongs: four
year-olds and up; felling.
t!054 'Candidate (Rowell) 96
GOCO Lunga (MeMlchael*) 99
C0I2 Colonel Smith (Lewis & Co.) 104
0028 Pos?art (Case) 112
»:054 Virgle d'Or (McDowell). V3
C003 Sum Lazarus Ksq (Sto*r) ...104
5774 'Sue Johnson (Fitzgerald) 01
60CB Grand Sachem (Moran) 101
COCn Suburban Queen (Winter) 90
fiOSO El Pilar (Haskell).- 101
5054 'Pruewood (McAlester) 04
6900 'Adirondack (Shennon) 86
Third race — Seven-eighths of a mile; four
year-olds and up; selling.
6007 Yellowstone (Fine) 107
fiO53 Flaneur (McCafferty) 104
5904 ''El Piloto (Hobk) 102
6910 'Velma Clark (McAlester) ...100
0055 Pierce J (Tierney) 110
G844 'Leash (Levy) 91
Fourth race — One mile and fifty yards; three
year-olds and up; selling:
0043 'Axmlnst€r (Randall) 103
6010 G. W. Trahern (Qulnlan) '.....113
601R 'Bombardier (Skinner) 88
•torn Dungannon (Knebelkamp) 83
5S73 Caronal (Chappelle) 107
Fifth raee^ — Six and a half furlongs; three
year-olds and up: handicap: " ,
R)57 Princess Titnnla (Mlllin) 100
6021 Arabo (Jennings) 10l»
Olympian (Schorr) 110
C006 Futurita (Kraft) 95
Sixth race — One and a sixteenth miles; four
year-olds and up: selling:
6042 Expedient (Smith) 103
C007 'Boutonnlere (Jones) 101
6055 'Mr. Dingle (Tierney) 104
C0.V, Nllgar (Jones) 103
6028 The Counsellor (Cotton) 9S
6042 Chickadee (McCafterty) 1C9
•Apprentice allowance.
PROBABLE WIOTKTEBS.
Tlrst race— Ked Bird, Lizzie Ward, Se
renity.
Second race — Suburban Queen, Ad
irondack, Xiungra.
Third race — Vefcna Clark, El Piloto,
rianeur.
- Fourth race — Dnnsranncn, Bombardier,
Caronal. .
. Fifth race — Princess Titanla, Arabo,
Futurita.
Sixth race — Mr. Slsffle, Boutonnlere,
Expedient. W
"SAN JOSE. Feb. 15.— Instead of tha cus
tomary" formula the' will -of Jonathan Coyken
dall. fl1*<J to-day, begins "In the name ot Jus
tice . and common sense." Coykendall. who
died a few days ago. was one of the most
prominent business men in the county.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
II7QI.ESIDE BACETBACK — Monday. Feb. 15 — Weather stormy. Track muddy.
6O5O. FIRST RACE— Futurity course; felling; 4-year-oMs and up: valu» to first. *3t^.
Ind»x Horse and Owner. WtjSt. \Y- lT- §♦• Str. Fin. Jockey, i Op! Cl".
6O S2 Nonius. •* (Stewart & Co.).. 112 6 ..' 6 n 4*4 3 1^1 h J. Daly 2 9-5
6003 Jean Gravler. 4 (Beck»r) 105 3 ... 91 9 l£ 5 3 2 1% J T. Shehn 4 21-5
»»™ Dr - Sherman. 6 (31. L,. \Vblte)|10S 3 ... 2 >i 1'Hjl 2 3 3 Stuart .... 20 40
6029 Younsr Morello. a (8char«»tir).[lG9; -4 ... 1 V, 2 2 1H* 24iBor.ner « «
5950 El Pilar. 5' (A. A. Haskell).. 101|10 ... 7 24* h 8 H 5 7 Tr.ivers ... 40 60
6014 Th* Toiler. 4 (F Jon»s) !lO3| 7 ... 4h 71 «1 «h |FoIey 20 20
6003 Bee Rosewater. 4 (Klcholte). .|l07j 8 ... 8 % 5 H 7 1 7 n W. Outran. 12 13
5W4 ChUeno. a (Blasingame) 1011 » ... 3 2 :: >* 4 H 8 h Croaswait* 15 12
59S0, Thaddeus. 4 (.B & W.) 105111 ... 1« 2 10 (t 9 3 9 5 Bel! 4 9
SCOO Star Nova. 4 (Carlisle £ Co.M 97 15 ... 5 % « n 10 8 10 S |C. Smith... CO 100
2519 Udge Shropshire, a (T.B.Jones) 1 113 1 1 ... 11 11 11 11 iC Sloan... 8O ICO
Time— :25%. :51. 1:14. At pc»t m minutes] Oft at 2:C5 Polonlus. place. 7- 1»: show,
1-3. Grarler. place, 8-5; show. 4-5. Sh-rman show, 8. Winner, br. h. by Altamax-
Pftloma. Trained by F. Edwards. Start good. Won In a drtr» of three. With any sort
of racing luck Jean Gravler would have won easily. He was pocketed to the. head of
the «tretch. Polonlus was carried wide on stretin turn. Dr. Sherman quit. So did
Young Morello. Thaddeus can't run In the mud.
OO61. SECOND RACEJ— Four furlongs; selling; 2-y«ar-old»; ralu« to first. *323.
Ind« Horse and Owner. Wt!St. Vi~ H~. %• Str. Fin. ! Jockey. | Op. ClI
e030 Eduardo (B. * W.) 105 4 4n 2h 1 % iBell 1 8-19
6030 ISaceharate (Napa Stock Farm) 1021 2 2 \$ I 1%2 3V4|Foley 10 . •
5979 Mogregor (Bianchl & Co.) 10613 5 4 8 4 Sn J. Martin.. 8 10
6015 Edith Vice (P. Hlldreth) 103i 5 8 2 4H43 Bonner 8 20
(5979) Marie J (M. Jonea) 1091 1 1 a 8 a S 7 . J. Daly.... 8-5 12-5
6015 IMlss Tonopah (Washoa Sta.)|103| 6 6 6 g J. Jones. ..[ 100 3CO
Time — :24?4. :5OV4- At post % minutes. Oft at 2:32. Ednardo. place. 1-4; show. out.
Saccharate, place. 8-2; show. 1. Mogregor. show. 4-8. Winner, b. g. by FMi2:<* Jon»s-
Duckllng. Trained by D. Stone. Start good. Won handily. Next three driving. Bell
on winner was compelled to draw his whip eighty yards from horns. Sacchanits Is
diminutive but fast. Edith Vice ran a fair race. Marls J could hv;» wca i: la any
sort of condition.
0O.12. THIRD RACE — Futurity course; selling: 4-year-olds and up: value to first, $325.
Index Horse and Owner. Wt St. %. *£l &. Str. Fin. Jockey, j Opi cT.
(6001) Lansdowne. 4 (Fitzgerald) 104 2 ... 8 n 1 H 1 % 1 H Roach 8-B 9-5
6014 Whiskers. 5 (R. Wilson) 108 « ... 4 h 2 \ 2 » v 2 SH Travers ... 7-2 7-3
6014 Handpress, a (Masrrane) Ill 4 ... lh 33 3 2417 HiMebrasd 3 14-5
C0.T8 Quiz II. 6 (C. McCafterty) 113 1 ... 2 % 4 1 8 24* 2% Bonner 4 10
WJl) Modder. 6 (Huckholtz & Co.)ill3 5 ... «H«2 65 6h Stuart .... 13 80
5002 I Skip Me. 6 (Madison & Co.).. Ul 3 ... Bh5h4n«7 Foley 20 30
5992 [Goddess of Night. « (Parks).. |106 J7 ... 1 7 7 7 Sh«rwod . . IS 23
Tln*e^-:21U :49*4. 1:13. At post 2 minutes. Oft at 2:53. Lanadowne. place. 4-5; show, out.
Whiskers, place. C-5; show, 1-2. Handpress. show, 1-3. Winner, b. g. by Russell-
Fancy Remnant. Trained by I. P. Fitzgerald. Scratched — Flyer. Hellas. Marello. Start
good. Won in a drive of three. Roach on winner lost ground by a wide trun Into th»
stretch. With a stronger rider up Whiskers would have won. Hajidpress outfooted.
Quiz has gone bad:. Goddess of Night away poorly.
GO53. FOURTH RACE— Six furlonga; selling; 3-year-olda and pp; raluo to first. (323.
Index 1 Horse and Owner. IWtiSt. U . W- %. Str. Fin. I Jockey, i OpI ClI
(5900) Muresca 5 (Mrs. Miller) lOOi 1 ... 24 26 24 lh JKnapp .... 8-8 8-2
59IH Mlmo. 4 (P. Sheridan) 91 3 ... 1 Vt 1 Vt 1 *i 2 4HiH:ldebrand 1 11-10
5SS7 Flaneur 6 (C. McCaffcrty) . . . 102 4 ... 67 48 3n31 jBonner .... 10 9
6992 Rollick 6 (M Jones) 109 2 ... 3h SlUtS 4 8 J. Dal7 10 13
4127 Canonicus. 3 (Jennings) S4 5 ... 6 8 6 6 2H W". Daly... 30 ICO
50S2 Crlgll. 3 (C. E. Gruwell) SC| C . . . 4 Vt 5 7 5 1 6 |R. Butler.. 30 60
Time — :24»4 :1D 1:16 At post 1 minute. Off at 3:22. Muresca. place. 1-3; show, out.
Mlmo place' 1-3; show. out. Flaneur, show. 3-5. Winner, br. m. ty Prestonpans-Mura.
Trained by R. D. Miller. Scratched — Illllouon. Start good. Won In a hard drive of
two Third driving. Hildebrand on Mimo carried Muresca out nn stretch turn. As
race was run Mimo could probably have won If Hildebrand had not drawn his whip the
last i^art of- race. Flaneur closed well. Rollick ran a fair race. Crigll caa do better
when ready.
CO54. FIFTH RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; 3-year-olds and up; value to first. %SZX
Index I Horse and Owner. Wt St. %. J ,4- %- Str. Fin. | Jockey. | Op. Cl.
eO16 iTh* Ledaean, 5 (E^ots St Co.) 112 6 93 9 3 . 4 -, 3 1 1 l^Bonner .... 6 7
C003 Candidate 5 (H. E Rowell).. 104 5 1 1^1 1 1 2m 1 2 s; ITravers ... 12 IB
59OG Outburst, a (J J. McAlester). 112 7 B 2 4 >-i 3 ifcS h 3 *« Sm 80 5<>
5994 Gold Finder, it (Fitzgerald). .|109 1 7 2^6 1 52 5 1 4 2'VPtuart .... 6 «
5904 Virgl' d"Or 6 (Becker) 102 3 JIVI 9 1 6 2 Bn |Roarh 4 7
«027 Hogarth 3* (P. J. Carmody).. 102110 82 85 81 71 « l<...Kn»pp 15 15
C016 IPast Ma'ster. 4 (C. P Fink).. 1001 4 42 2*i21 42 7h |J. T. Shehn 5-2 11.1
6994 Doreen 5 (Bottger & Co.) 102i 2 3 «i 5 2 « V4 8 = S ', Fo!ey 7-2 9-2
Cinnabar 3 (R A. Smith) 97 9 10 10 lit 1O 0 2 iGr'enfietd . 15 20
" 6027 IFloriana 'Belle. *3 (Miller Co.): 95[ 8 2 n 3 1 7 V, 9 2 H> IBovman .. 30 30
Time -25U :51V» 1:18%, 1:31%. At post >i minute. Off at 3:47'i. I-edaean. place. 5-2;
show 7-5 Candidate, place C; show. 3. Outburst, show. 10 Wlnnir. b. h. by Brutus-
Leda! Trained by C. M. Hollenbeck. Scratched — Grand Sachem. Emll. Start fair. Wan
in a drive of four. Candidate tired. Winner came from far back. Doreen ran badly.
Past Master no excuse*. He simply "dogged" it- Gold Finder was p!ay»d for a good
thing. :°\ WVWWW WWWVWW.1 W V^ J WUVW^-O J^^
6O55. SIXTH RACE— One mile; selling; 4- year-olds and up; value to first. <3J5.
Index I Horse and Owner. Wt St. U . *£~. %. Str. Fin. I Jockey. | Op. cT.
ewF First Chip. 4 (Fitzgerald).... 9S 3 14 1IMI 1 11 8 Roach 3 0-3
(5942)!constellator. a (Keating) 100 4 2 1^2 4 4 !i h Kn. Pi , .... 7-2 13^
CO42 Mr Dingle 4 (E. Tlemey) . . . 103 7 4h 6 2>4* 14* * ** Foley ft J>
5971 Frank Woods a (Garden City) lC3i 6 7 7 *5 6 5 5 * !J. Daly « 12
604.1 Golden Light." 6 (McCafferty). 105 1 3 1 3n 32 B8 6 3" |r.onner .... 8 2f»
5993 iNllgar. a (S. A.Lelser) 105! 5 6 2^6 1H> 7 7 \\V. Dugan. 40 1<>Q
Time— 2o%. :51 1:15U. 1:45^. At post v, minute. Off at 4:16. First Chip, place 7-10;
show 1-3. Constellator. place. 1; show. 1-2. Pierce J. show. 1-2. WIrnrr. ch. g hy
First Mate-Chlpple Trained by I. P. Fitzgerald. Start bad. Wots easily. Nexttwj
in a hard drive First Chip ran like a>horse that had be*>n nominated by acclamation.
Constellator held his own. Pierce J ran his race. Mr. Dingle can improve on thi*.
Frank' Woods no account In the going. Golden Light quit.
VICTIM OF BLAST MAY
YET RECOVER DA3IAGES
United States Circuit Cotirt of Appeals
Reverses Judgment and Orders Re
trial of Henry Smith's Suit.
The United States Circuit Court of
Appeals in the case of Henry Smith
vs. J. G. Day reversed the judgment of
the lower court, which -was 'in favor
of the defendant, and remanded the
case for a new trial.
The action was brouzht to recover
damages for personal injuries. The
defendants were contractors for the
construction of locks for the Govern
ment at the Cascades. The complain
ant alleged that while asleep In the
cabin of a steamboat he was struck
on the head and injured by a frag
ment of rock from a blast operated
by the defendants about 200 feet
Judge Gilbert in his dissenting opin
ion takes the ground that the com
plainant had knowledge ">f the fact
that blasting was going on before he
went upon the boat, for he heard the
noise of the explosions. The sound of
the blasting itself, continues , Judge
Gilbert, was the best form of notice
that could be riven.
In the matter of the condemnation
by the United States Government of
the schooner Kuwalani at Hawaii, the
judgment of the lower court was af
firmed. The vessel had been seized
and condemned for illegally removing
spirituous liauors on which the reve
nue tax had not been paid.
Dead Xear n Railroad Line.
BAKERSFIELD. Feb. 15. — The re
mains of an unknown man about 40
years of age were found near the San
ta Fe tracks just west of the city lim
its by Charles Host, a stranger, who
was walking along the track.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Swollen glands, tumors, white swelling, sores, pustular M^^%!n»
or scaly skin eruptions, flabby muscles, brittle bones, weak e£ tWp&
digestion, emaciated, illy-nourished bodies, are some of |V Z^^-i^S^
the well-known earmarks of Scrofula. Scrofula is inher- 0!?&ff&&>&A
ited. Parents too closely related by the ties of blood, or t^^^ifi^M,
tainted with consumption or blood poison, may look for t^^wj^^P
signs of Scrofula in their children. The middle-aged often
have it. but children are the chief sufferers. Scrofula m^^rbM**
breaks down the vital" forces, cie^land, Ohio, Anrrnt 11.1003.
and the blood becomes So I inherited Scrofula from xny parents, and this
n ~.,i- n *A «^,i' nn fi>rln»(- ■*,«♦• means, of course, weak, impart blood and a run-
wean and poor that it does not down# debilitated condition of the system. I have
nourish the body. The rem- been under treatment of physicians for quits a
»^t» in oil co™fti1«ne sfW period at different times, but their treatment did
edy in all scrofulous aflec- £ ot d0 me ftnytninr n^e the cood S. S. s. did last
tions must be one that purifies winter when I took it. It promotes appetite and
the Hi'«i«"i«:p«1 Mnrwi Vmilr1«s tin digestion, elves strensrth asd cnertry, builds up
the diseased blood, bUlldS lip th * health in every way. and in addition
the weak digestion, increases to belnr an excellent blood purifier, it adds to its
rri«» onr#HU -in^ mVpc timit success as a remedy for Scrofula. It did more for
the appetite and gives new m9thaaail ythingl have used, and with pleasure
energy and strength to all I commend it. HL&s. LOUISE cohen.
life's forces. No medicine has 122 Browneil St. ,
won so much fame as a blood purifier as S. S. S., and its tonic effects upon
S" the system are not equaled by any other remedy. It
/|M^ /|m^ makes the weak, tainted blood rich and strong, and
drives out of the circulation all tubercular deposits
N^}1 &V^J and morbid matter that cause the glandular swelling,
sores, abscesses, tumors and other horrible symptoms
that make Scrofula so dreaded and dangerous.
Write us fully about your case. Medical advice will cost you nothing.
THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA, CAa .
COLOXEIi J, B. LAUCK IS
NOW ADJUTANT GEVERAL
Governor Pnrtlee Finally N'ames Well
Known Railroad .Man to Succeed
CcorcP Stone.
A telecram received from Sacramen
to yesterday announced that Governor
Pardee had appointed Colonel J. B.
Lauck of Oakland adjutant general of
the State, to succeed General Georgre
Stone, term, expired. The new official's
commission was signed by the Gov
ernor late last evening and General
Lauck will formally assume the duties
of his office to-day. C%\~.
That Lauck was to receive the ap
pointment was announced In The Call
several weeks aso. His selection for
the office meets with general satisfac
tion among the National Guardsmen,
who regard him as a very capable man
and one who Is expected to devote
much time and attention to improving
the welfare of the State military or
ganization. He Is a veteran of the
Civil War and served for many years
In the National Guard of the State, a
fact which will aid him considerably ia
administering the affairs of his office.
It has been announced that Colonel
N. S. Bangham will continue In his po
sition as assistant adjutant general.
BULGARIANS KILL .
SEVEN* BY EXPLOSION*
Bond of Marauders Place Dynamite
Under a Bridge With Fatal
Results.
SALONICA. Turkey, Feb. 15. — A
band of Bulgarians on February 13
dynamited a bridge between Demir
hissar and DJumbala. Seven work
men and two soldiers were killed.
1112
WANTING AND HAVING ARE SYNONYMOUS
JOBCSr 3>. EPEEC-XXiS. Proprietor.
\vTT. MARTIN JL _ :J _ L1 Cu_^ e53 Manager
TELEPHONE.
Xek for THE CALL. The Oporatcr Will C lon-
nect You With the Department \ou Wisn.
Publication Ofnee Market and Third P. F.
Editorial P.oom 217 to 221 Stevenson st
DeMverod by C«rriers. 20 Ct-«. Per Week. 76 j
Cts. Par M-Oth. Single Copies C 'Cents
Terms by Mail. Ir.c'.uc::r.g Postage (Cash YUtn
Ordrx) : , , .
PAILT CALL Hiirlud. Sunday). 1 v<?ar - ■•♦*;£{
JiAILY CAIX ttoctod. Sunday > 6 mos.... 4__00
1.>AILV CALL— By S Ttgle Mor.th •»=
SUNDAY CALL. 1 Y'ar *■■•?*
\\T r KI>T CALL. 1 Year *■""
r£™* /^ y : !^£rYear£l r -
POSTAGE. \v>etV:iy. 3 .00 Per Year Extra
ALL rOSTMASTKRS^AUE AUTHORIZED
to Mscaav- fub?criptions.
Cample Copies will be furwarded when, re-
cuc^Jcd. '
Mail B'.:becribers in or.iering change of ad-
ircss Ehould be partlL-ylar to give both >h,«
ANT) OLD ADDRESS In order to insure a
X'")i;:pt and correct ccunpllanee wlih their re-
QJ<"5t.
OAKLAND OFFICE.
3 US ProniJway Telephone Main 10S3
BERKELEY OFFICE. £_
114S Center Street Telephone North .1
"WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT.
SAMUEL W. WALL, Hotel Barton
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Wfclcorf- Astoria Hofl; A. Dr^tano. ol
Trion S quart ; Murray Hill Hot "I; Fifth-ave-
r«e Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
ShTnsn Boose: P. O. News Co.; Great
SCortb— - Hotel: Tremor.t House: Auditorium
Hole!; i'2:^)^r House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C GEOnon KKOGNKPS. .Marquette Building
(Long Distance Telephone, "Central 2519.")
NI7W YORK KITPREPHNTATIVE:
FTEPIIUN B. SMITH 3i> Tribune Building.
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
ECEIX— S3 OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call corner Market and Third streets: open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
KRANCH OFFICES:
JOOR Market street, opposite Fifth; open until
11 p. m.
S27 Montgomery street, ccrner Clay; open un-
til fl:3't p. m.
SCO lizyre street: open until 9:30 p. m.
«;:59 McAlliFtcr Ftioet; cpen until 9:30 p. ra.
<:15 Larkin Ftreet: ojwn. until 9:'tf» p. m.
3941 Mi«?>icn street; open until 10 p. m.
£201 Mark<-t street, corner Sixteenth; open un-
til ■ p. m.
10*1 Eleventh Ftreet: or*n until !> p. m.
jofti; CaScacta street: o:>e n until 9 p. ra.
ycorthe_n cormr Church and Duncan streets;
open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner of Twenty -s^ond and Ken-
tucky streets; open until S p. m.
IT200 Fiilmoro ftrnt; open until it p. ro.
MEET1.XG NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5. R. A. ra
M.. will rr^et THIS (TUESDAY) VV
EVENING. February 10. at 7::'.0/V\
o'clock. Stated meetinz and It. A.
decree. By ordtr of the H. P.
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. 30, F. and Q
A M.— Called meeting THIS '"'ES-W
DAY) EVENING, at 7 o'clock. Third />r\
degree. By order of W. M.
EDWIN L. MEYER. Secretary.
Oi'.IKNTAL IxKire No. 144. F. and A. «
M.— TT.ir.i degree THIS (TUESDAY) VVj*
EVENING, at fe o'clock. /V\
A. i=. HUBBARD, Secretary.
ANNUAL Vfeting — Hakalau Plantation Com-
panv — The regular annual meeting of the
rtocknoKlers of the HAKALAU r_A.NT_-
TION COMPANY will he hrld at the office
of the company, 327 Markft st. (room 4.
second floor), in the city and county of San
Francifco. State of California, on WED-
NESDAY, the 2d day of March. 1904. at
the hour of 11 o'clock a. m.. for the pur-
pi*>e of eloctiss a Board of Directors to
strve fnr the ensuing year, and for the
transaction of such other business as may
properly come before the meeting. Trans-
T*r Look* will cUse on SATURDAY, Febru-
ary SO. 1»"4. at the hour of 3 o'clock p. 01.
U." W. THOMAS. Secretary Hakalau Plan-
tation Ctampajay. 327 Market frt., San Fran-
cis. -<>. California. Kan Francisco. Cal.. Feb.
l_!Wf
ANNUAL MEETING— HONOLULU PLANTA-
TION COMPANY — Th* regular pnnual
meeting oj the stockholder* of the HONO-
LULU PLANTATION COMPANY will be
1:*I<5 at the office of the company. 327 Mar-
ket t-vrett (room 4, seoond floor). In the city
end county '.f San l'rancisco. State of Cali-
fornia, en WEDNESDAY, the 24th day of
F«bruary. A. D. 1904. at the hour of 11
o'clock a. m., for the purpose of electing a
board cf directors to ferv» for the ensuing
jear and for the tranractjon cf euch other
bufin»-*s as may properly ccme before the
meeting. Transfer books will close on Satur-
day. February 13. 19O4. at 3 o'clock p. m.
H. W. THOMAS.
Secretary Honolulu Plantation Company. 327
Market *tr«-t San Franclrco, California.
San Francisco. Cal.. Frb. 10. llKrt.
ANNUAL meeting— Kilauea Sugar Plantation
Company — The recular annual meeting of the
stockholders of the Kilauea Sugar Plan-
tatl-n Company will be held at the
office of the company, 327 Market st
<rocm 4. second floor), in the clt and county
cf Pan Francisco. State of Callfor: 'a. on
A'ESDAY. the 23d day of February, A. D.
1S04. at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m., for the
purpose of electing a board of directors to
serve for the ensuing year and for the trans-
ecticn of such other business as may prop-
erly come before the meeting. Transfer books
«-ilI cloe* on Friday. February 12. 1SW4. at 3
ocJcck p. ro. H. W. THOMAS.
Becretary Ki>ui>s Sugar Plantation Com-
pany. C27 Market St.. San Francisco. Ca.1.
San Francisco. Cel.. Feb. 9. 1304.
AGENTS WASTED.
AGENTS »-ar.tM in every city or to-wn to
haneir the 'Nfir <19O4) Combination Diary";
everybody ne*d» it: everybody wants it; be
first end supply their tvant«: sample and
terms to agent*. 10c. Addrers "COLUMBIA."
3005 K rt., Sacramento, Cal.
EVERYWHERE in California; solicitors to
eell Ku*hlon Komfort Shoes; modern Im-
provements; hygienic, pneumatic; permanent
buf!n«*s in exclusive territory: liberal terms.
Agejicy. IC'ta Broadway. Oakland.
AGENTS — An agfney for a proposition that is
a decided improvement on building and loan
Is worth having. Great Western Improve-
ment Coropar.y, Parrott building.
IGENCIES for every city of the union for
the Maraul* Hair Tonic Co.; liberal terms.
414 Pot-t «t. San Francisco. Cal.
WANTED — 2 good salesmen and solicitors.
Call before 12. 1007^ Market gt.. room 1.
tVANTED — Agents: salary or commission.
HSi-4 Ellis St., second floor, room C.
AGENTS wanted— Ladles and gentlemen. 927
Market rt., room 720. .y g,
n ▲svxBTxsc-ixzrr w_m_a,
HAVING recently acquired through exchair»«
cf property three $40 rcholarships In the best
Ccllege of Advertising :n the United States,
I will tell them at 25 per cat discount for
each; the college teeches advertisement writ-
ing fcy correFpondence and assists its grad-
uates to secure pceltlons; catalogues fur-
nlshed on app'iratlon. A<1drers hex 3026. Call.
ATTORJfEVf-AT-LAW.
W. H. BITTNER, ~
ATTORNEY AND COUNSELOR AT LAW.
Advice free. Phone South 743.
Eulte 222. Err.rr.a gpreckels building.
Divorces quietly and legally obtained tor
tight causes; damages secured for Injuries to
person cr eetate; replevins for property un-
law?u!!y detained: attachments and garnish-
ments tor debts; bonds furnished; bankruptcy
proceeciegs; wills probated; estates settled;
collection* made In all parts of the U. 8.
A PRIVATE, quick divorce tor a small fee.
Eee tee and n.ve noney; no pay in advaac*.
O. W. HOWE. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.
Enabliehed 22 yr*.; rms. 1. 2. 3, 4 _ 5. lit ft.
1122 Market ct. between Mason and Taylor.
Acvlce free all matters. Detectives employed.
a. W. KING. Attorney-at-Law, Exam. bldg..
Cth floor, entrance room 011; established 20
years; oil cases, general court and office prac-
tice: do fee In cdvance or for ooneultation;
evenings by appointment. Tel. Red 3061.
ADVICE FREE.
Colnmblaa Law and Collection Agency,
Room 85. 010 Market et; tel. John C22X
DIVORCE— Costs. «12; cnlck. quiet; advic*
free; open evenings. 827 Market st. r. S01.
_ E. CLARK, 927 Market St.: consultation
free: no fees In advance: open evenings.
iTwEEK'S news tor & cents— The Weekly Call.
J6 p£f cs ( la wrar?«r, tor calling, |1 per yt»r.
HOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
CARE of child during day; 3 years old or over.
M. B.. 841 Filbert st.
DUSIXESS CHANCES.
A^ STRANGERS. ATTENTION !
Are you looking for a safe end profitable
buFiness oi>cning in San Francisco? If so,
we can offer vou any number requiring an
investment from $100 to $50,000; every busi-
ness opportunity that passes through our
office must stand the closest Investigation,
and we can place you in a store, factory,
hotel, mill, office, or. In fact, any business
you may prefer. Kindly call and Investigate.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market et
A— MERCHANTS. ATTENTION!
Do you wish to enlarge your business, or do
you detire additional capital? If so, we can
furnish you with an active or client partner
who will invest from $100 to $50,000: we
have a large number of desirable applicants
on our books seeking good business openings.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 827 Market st.
A— *100 REWARD
Will be paid for ltgal proof ehowlng that any
person ever lost a dollar who Invested any
■money through our company.
GERMANIA INVESTMENT COMPANY.
Incorporated under the laws of California.
Capital stock, $50,000.
827 Market Et.; rooms 321, 322. 823. 324.
A GOOD OPENING
For a roung man who can Invest $500 in ft
high-class real estate office and fill position
of cashier; «xperienc« not necessary: invest-
ment secured and $20 weekly guaranteed.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 927 Market st.
HOTEL FOR SALE.
New and modern; 80 rooms; richly furnished,
complete and rrady for occupancy; large din-
ing-room, with 16 table* and imported Vienna
chairs: the best carpets money can buy
throughout; f.nrst of linen and best of silver
service; 10 years' lease; price $10,000; easy
terms.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 327 Market st
A SAFE INVESTMENT.
$1000 cash and services secures fnterest and
office of treasurer In an Incorporated realty
and Investment cempany; $150 monthly as-
sured: highest references.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 927 Market st
A— 2 PER CENT MONTHLY
On Investments of $100 and upward; no "get-
rirh-quick" swindle or gambling scheme, but
a reputable business estb. 3 years In S. F.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 1*27 Market st
THE BEST INVESTMENT.
100 shares of eold stock of the Norton Bay
Co. $25: will be worth $200 by August, 1904.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 927 Market St.
A— RARE OPPORTUNITY.
$3'to cash and services secure interest in es-
tablished office business paying $25 weekly;
experience not necessary; simple accounts.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 927 Market st
A— BARBER SHOP
For sale; 4-cfcair ehop; centrally located and
good, established trade; sickness of owner
compels sacrifice of immediate sale.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. SJ27 Market st
A— LIVERY BUSINESS.
Wanted, man with $4000 cash to take interest
in stalle established 10 years; $100 monthly.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st
A— WHOLESALE WHISKY HOUSE.
Being also importers and distillers and estab-
lished in San Francisco thirty years, desire
an additional partner, with $5000.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., U27 Market st
A— LIGHT MANUFACTURING BUSINESS.
Partner wanted with J20U0 cash In the manu-
facture cf high-grade gas and electrical fix-
tures and latest Imfroved mantles.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 027 Market st.
A— CANDY. CANDY, CANDY.
■ For sale; stare and factory; wholesale
and retail; situated In the heart of city and
eetabKshcd alout 20 years; low rent; long
leare; price $00<X>.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st.
A— HARDWARE STORE
For sale: a hich-class business: long estab-
lished and centrally located: owner desires
to retire: will invoice about $5000.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. P27 Market st
A— FURNITURE BUSINKSS.
A business man with from $2000 to $3000 can
secure partnership in established business in
thi» city «nrj take charge of store.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 027 Market st
A— HEAVY MANUFACTURING BUSINESS
For sale; a complete plant for the sale
and manufacture of CARRIAGE and WAG-
ON MATERIAL; estb. 15 years; also work
and repair Ehop; sell at invoice, about $12,000.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 927 Market St.
__ ______________
For sale; butter, eggs and general produce:
receipts average about ?5OOO monthly; long
established; price $_»««■.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st.
A. CAMERON & CO Phone South 1050
3 Eddy st.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
Oyster and chop houi-es $350 to $1000
Candy and Icecream parlors. .. .$200 to $2500
Barber shopg $500 to $2500
Cigar stands $350 to f 2000
Groceries and bars $500 to $5000
Saloons $300 to $lo,00<>
Restaurants $350 to $20,000
Fruit and vegetable stores $300 to $1000
Drug stores $20CO .to $6000
Delicatessen store* $250 to $4500
Wood and coal yard? $250 to $1000
FOR sale or trade — Quartz mine; fine prospect;
located In Cal.; assays $40 to $70 ten; trade
for r'mg house or business. Cameron, 3 Eddy.
FOR »=ale — Well-located candy store; all equip-
ment for making own candies; established 8
years; clears over $200 per month; will In-
voice about $1200. CAMERON, 3 Eddy st
FOR sale — One of the best restaurants In city:
cheap rent; receipts $75 to $100 day: will
boar investigation; price $1500. CAMERON
_ CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale, or will trade for small ranch — Fine
hardware iand electrical supply store; rent
$40; well located; clearing $300 per month; 4
living rooms; first -class proposition; will
etand strict Investigation; price $8000. CAM-
ERON _ CO.. 3 Eddy st.
F. A. BROOKBANK. Phone Folsom 1S40,
BUSINESS AGENT.
917 Market St.. bet. Fifth and Sixth.
OPEN EVENINGS.
A— $775; CIGAR stand; Market st, near Call
bldg. ; old established; good stock and fix-
tures; fine trade: 2Vt years' lease: cheap rent
Only with BROOKBANK. 917 Market st.
A— $200; PARTNER In well-established office
businesa clearing $75 to $100 mo. to each;
clean, pleasant work; no experience required;
an opportunity seldom offered. Brookbank.
A— $500; DELICACY store; north Market; fine
location; rood trade: 4 living rooms, fur-
nlshed. BROOKBANK.
A — $2000 BUYS a 20-room office building on
Market Bt. ; clears $125 mo. BROOKBANK.
A— $700; SALOON; old established; finely fit-
ted; Al location; cheap rent; 3 years' lease;
don't fall to see this. BROOKBANK.
-J700; 14 ROOMS, nicely furnished: Al lo-
cation; rent $40; part cash, balance time.
See BROOKBANK. 917 Market st
UNION BUSINESS EXCHANGE. 093 Market
$500 — Grocery and bar; 6 fur. rooms; lease.
$2000 — Grocery and bar; lease: low rent.
s - )0— Rnad house; rent $20; lease.
$1400—20 rooms; baths; good furniture; sale
or exchange; paying proposition.
>l"5 — Branch bakery; rent $14.
Groceries, saloons, cigar stands, branch
bakeries, roadhouscs, rooming-houses, ranches:
large list.
UNION BUSINESS EXCHANGE. 993 Market.
New York Business Exchange, 33 Mason at,
near Market.; phone Folsom 2409.
Big rargain* this week in rooming-houses,
bakeries, delicacy and restaurants; square
dealing is our motto.
A — $700 — Wood and coal business; estab. for
20 years; Income net $150; guaranteed biggest
snap on earth. 33 Mason st
A — $1200 — Restaurant and delicacy; fine
place; north Market: offer wanted; must seli
account of death. NEW YORK BUSINESS
EXCHANGE. .13 Mason st.
OUR new "Duplex-Scale System" won over 200
per cent in the past 22 days on Frisco races;
for proofs snd references ask any subscriber
on our list or call and investigate; explana-
tion free to regular subscribers at o.ur office
only; commissions handled on this system for
25 per cent of the net weekly profits; terms
for our Handicap sheets, 52 per day or $10
per week. N. 6. HAND, expert handicapper,
rooms 1, 2 and 3, 113 Etockton st, S. F.
Restaurant In manufacturing town near city;
complete In ever}' detail; will rent to respon-
sible party. J. Andersen, 935 Market r. 1.
WANTED — To buy a barber shop, established,
or will rent place In good location for one;
give full particulars to box 150, Call office.
FOR sa'.e — First-class saloon and cafe; Al loca-
tion; established for over 20 years. Box
2037. Call office. ' .
I HAVE $5000 to invest In a profitable business
where I can give zny services also. Box 2553
Call office.
FOR sale — Oyster and chop housa, GO314 Poet
st; trouble between, partners; must be sold.
A WEEK'S new* for 0 cents — The Weekly Call.
10 pages, in wrapper, for mailing-, $l per year.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 1904.
BUSINESS CHANCES Continued.
A— $750; SALOON; estab. many years; 3 years'
lease; rent $50; located close to Kearny. and
California sts.; elegant nxtuies: a good busi-
ness and a bargain, that's all. See R. G.
WILKE. 2CH Kearny et.
A— $4000; CORNER saloon, with lease; large
cellar; card and private rooms; kept by
owners for years; fullest investigation so-
licited. See R. G. WILKE, 20% Kearny st.
A— $5000; GRILL room and cafe; the leading
establishment In Oakland; close to theaters;
rent $70 and a first-class paying business;
other investments only caute of sale, fees
R. G. WILKE. 2CV, Kearny Et.
A— $1200; PARTNER wanted in coffee saloon
and restaurant, few doors from Market st. ;
a well-paying business clearing about *->UU
V$r month only reason for owner to take a
partner are the long hours for him; he needs
a good assistant. Call R. G. W1LKK. 20
Kearny st. __^
A— $1200; BAKERY, establ. years and kept by
present owner 17 years; bakes ihb barrels
per day; dally sales $45; living rooms. Call
R. G. WILKE. 20% Kearny st. -
A— $3500— THE leading restaurant of this city;
rent $150; surrounded by 3 theaters; private
boxes for ladles; a first-class paying place.
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st. (
A— $1250— DELICATESSEN and dairy produce
store; close to Market and Stockton sts.;
large stock; clears at least $250 per month;
full value in sight; a splendid offer. See R.
G. WILKE. 20% Kearny st.
A— $600— BRANCH bakery and candy store,
with living rooms; dally receipts about $10,
choicest location !n thf Mission, faee K. u.
WILJCE. 20% Kearny st.
X^$2200; SALOON, with lease, estab. >•""••
vicinity Fourth st, Market and Stockton,
place speaks for Itself; all particulars, k. o.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $5500— CORNER saloon In wholesale dis-
trict; 7 years' lease: establ. 30 ye ars: clears
about $400 per month. R. G. WILKIE, inti
Kearny st. .
A— $3250: SALOON, with mercantile lunch a
la carte; patronized by bankers and mer-
chants; owner on sick bed. otherwise $.000
would not buy the business; leas? and nne
flat. R. G. WILKIE. 26% Kearny st. |
A— $1500; GROCERY and bar. with l«i fllr "
nlshed rooms: 5 years' lease; rent $(J5; a
business where man and wife easily can
clear $»0 per month. Particulars R. O.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $3000; HOTEL with 30 rooms. 45 beds: bar,
dining and reading rooms; leat=e fcr 3 years;
located 15 miles from thi* city: place clears
$300 per month. See R. G. WILKIE. 2t>Vj
Kearny st.
FINE grocery and bar, corner north of Market,
long lease, low rent, $25uO, part cash ; corner
saloon, on water front, $1100, paying brewery
business. $2500, or will sell part; paying
businesses of all kinds; hotels and lodging
houses for sale and exchange. EITEL &
CARROLL. 212 Kearny st.
WILL eell at a bargain — Cigar store on a
principal business street, close to Market st. ;
good permanent trade, laundry branch, good
clot machine trade, fine fixtures, low rent.
Box 124, Call office.
$0000; HARDWARE, locksmith, saw filing;
lathe and emery wheels; electric power; work
for - men; living rooms; suitable for man
and wife: city. Address 2710. Call.
WANTED — To invent In a good business
proposition: one that will pay me a good in-
come for Investment and Fervlces; give all
particulars. Box 251S, Call office.
I WILL pay cash for a delicatessen store; one
preferred in a good business locality. Ad-
dress, with location and price, to box 2064,
Call office.
$1500 — OLD-establlshed corner grocery and
bar; big bar trade: no opposition: security
taken: no agents. Particulars 1S08 15th st.
$2. r >0 — FINE stock of hair goods, counter, and
show cases; great bargain. 1153 Market st.
SHOPROOM, 22x40. ground flocr: cheap rent.
Brodcrlck st. between Geary and O'Farrell.
FOR sale — A good-paying oyster cocktaij busi-
ness. For particulars address box 2726,. Call.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market Bt.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
LODGING-HOUSES I Oil SALE.
MARION GRIFFIN.
400 Hearst bldg.. over Examiner entrance.
Modern business methods In fine front offices.
Phone Black 3007. or take elevator to 4th floor.
Up-to-date title abstract free with every sale.
We d'> business utrlctly according to law.
SPOTLESSLY pure through and through; 14
rooms; well furnished; full of roomer*;
clearing over $50 tier month; worth $900;
price $550. MARION GRIFFIN, room 400,
Examiner bldg. . '
1. ATTENTION! Scan thesa 9 lines.
2. The owner of a 44-room transient house
3. That Is central and heavily mortgaged
4. Has been quite suddenly called away
5. To the deathbed of a near relative
6. In a far distant State,
7. And he orders the house sold at once.
8. A thorough investigation Is solicited.
9. MARION GRIFFIN, r. 406. Examiner bid.
THINK twice: first, that we can sell you a
21 -room house full of roomers and clearing
$70 a month for only $1300; second, that you
need only pay $500 down, for we will lend
you the balance, payable in monthly install-
ments. MARION GRIFFIN, r. 406, Exam-
iner bldg.
SPLENDID 62-room corner bay-window house;
clears $341 a month; long lease; low rent;
If looking for a respectable money maker and
good Investment see MARION GRIFFIN.
SMALL payment ($500) will take a 15- room
houBe; NE. corner; 5 blocks north of Market;
price $1000; better see It before buying else-
where.
MARION GRIFFIN, r. 400, Examiner bldg.
READ this item; corner apartment house of
150 rooms elegantly furnished; always full
and clearing $511 monthly; Inexpensively
operated compared with other houses of sim-
ilar character: low rent: clears 40 per cent
per annum on purchase price.
MARION GRIFFIN, r. 406, Examiner bldg.
LARGE dividends and safe as United States
bonds; brand-new 4S-room npartment house
clearing $2670 yearly; make an offer to
MARION GRIFFIN.
PERFECTLY anpolnted 60-room house very
centrally located; elegantly furnished last
April In the best furniture and caroets ob-
tainable; electricity for elevator and lights;
hot water in each room; lease for 9 years;
income $490 over rent; all large tingle rooms
and roomers all business men.
MARION GRIFFIN, r. 406. Examiner bldg.
ECONOMICAL folks please pay heed; If you
have $150 cash you can learn, how to nave
your rent for 2 nice rooms and a well-equip-
ped kitchen and make $22 per month for
groceries by Inquiring of
MARION GRIFFIN, r. 406, Examiner bldg.
NEW house 4 blocks north of Market: 30
large, desirable rooms: low rent; 3-year
lease; most artistically furnished: will clear
$200 to $300 owins to management.
MARION GRIFFIN, r. 406. Examiner bldg.
A GEARY-STREET SNAP. "
10 rooms; beautifully furnished, clean and
fine; absolutely worth 3 times the amount
we are asking you, but on account of im-
mediate deoarture will give It to you for
$000.
MARION GRIFFIN, r. 406, Examiner bldg.
ATTENTION!— TO RENT, 74 rooms FUR-
NISHED nar excellence; MODERN steams
heat; PRIVATE baths; elevator: GRAND
entrance; CENTRAL location ; will LEASE
for 5 years. HINKLEY, 1020 Market st.
C. E. HINKLEY. PHONE MINT 700.
1020 Market et., opd. Fifth.
Country correspondence promptly answered.
Part cash; balanco monthly payments.
14 rooms; rent $30; amazingly low price.$35o
34 rooms; rent $C0: just think! $1550
23 rooms; rent $35; one floor $1100
6 rooms; rent $20; a pick-up $130
20 rooms: clears $80; rent $40 .....$S50
40 rooms; mechanics' house; rent $60. ..$1000
Hi rooms; rent S50; clears $63; terms.. $050
31 rooms; sunny corner; rent $35 $1600
«) rooms; Market st. ; liquor license.. . .$3500
12 rooms; California St.; rent $50; snap. $750
10 rooms; Geary st. ; clears $40; rent $28.$500
10 rooms; Bush st. : rent $37 50; only... $450
18 rooms; 0 unfurnished; rent $45..... -$50O
35 rooms; transient; lease $1500
8 rooms; Post st.: rent $32; only. .... .$250
12 rooms; Polk st; partially furnlshed.$450
A— $3250; LODGING-HOUSE of 33 rooms;
clearing $250 per month; lease; located close
to Market and Powell sts.; all sunny rooms;
lurnlturc lint-class; not all cash required.
Call R. G. WILKE. 20% Kearny st
A— $050: LODGING-HOUSE of 20 rooms; rent
$100; located clone to. Market and Stockton;
good furniture and first-class paying. R. O.
WILICK. 20% Kearny tt.
$950 — NICELY furnished transient hous»; 10
rooms; clean $05. Call at 110 Eddy st; no
, agents.
LODOINO-house, 82 rooms; $3000; $1000 cash,
balance own terms: no dealers: north of Mar-
ket st Address box 2087, Call office/
EDDY, 7M--a.room flat; «il new and up ta
data; sacrlfica «■}«,
LODGING IIOU5ES FOR. SALE C ? n .'
A. CAMERON & CO., Phone South 1050
3 Eddy st., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for rooming-houses, hotels and
all kinds of business chances.
220 rooms; new and up-to-date apartment
house; luxuriously furnished; 5-year-contracts
for cheap lighting; grand new building; clear-
ing $400 to $t;0O per month; obliged to leave
city.
30 rocms; rent $00; fine location; all on 2
floors; 3 years' lease; clears $100; full; $2000.
12 rooms; cheap rent; fine downtown tran-
sient house; can clear $150 per month above
all expenses; aIwaj-3 full; snap; $550.
5 rooms; G*ary; rent $20; fine little home; 8
rooms; rented for $25; price $2C0.
24 rcoms; rent only $130; first-class condi-
tion; oak, mahogany, birdseye maple furni-
ture; extra fine carpets;, clears $05; price
?1SOO; half cash, balance 1% per cent.
2I> rooms; rent $S5: lease; newly renovated |
and furnished; can get 16 more rooms; good
thing; $15CO.
lf!2 rooms; most elegantly appointed apart-
ment house in San Francisco; beautiful, mod-
ern building; fine entrance; cheap rent; clear-
Ing $400 per month; 5-year lease; part cash, 1
balance 8 per cent per year.
18 rcoms; rent $85; well furnished; all new;
$60(> down, balance 1% per cent; fine buy; only
$12uO.
SO-room family hotel; bonton location; fln«
lease; clearing $500 to $600 per month; always
full; part cash; balance time; owner sick abed.
8-room upper flat; corner; all sunny rooms;
beautiful little gem of a home; price $7E0.
126 rooms; fine downtown corner house; pri-
vate baths; beautiful furniture; 2 entrances;
takes in $30 to $40 per day transient besides
regular roomers; will bear Investigation.
12 rooms; Post; oak furniture; Brussels car-
pets; clears $50: $300 cash, balance on Install-
ments; price $8C0.
25 rooms; fine corner; rent only $70; oak fur-
niture; newly painted and papered; clearing $80
month; part cash; must leave city; $1550.
7-room. new, modern flat; $450 cash, balance
on installments; income $43; price $550.
24 rooms; cheap rent; golden oak furniture;
fine beds; furnished new In June; first-class
transient; clears $175; sickness.
8 rooms; upper flat; elegantly furnished; oak
furniture; Axminster carpets; beautiful flat.
20 rooms; chi-ap rent; oak a n'l cherry furni-
ture; Moquet carpets; good lease: clearing $125
jier month; part cash, balance time.
17 rooms; rent only $75; Ellis; oak furni-
ture; fjood carpets; clears: .'5(10; leaves 3 rooms
for land'ady; fine opportunity to get good house
reasonable.
71 rooirs; elegant, new, modern building; in
one of the best cities of Southern California;
electric lights, hot urA cold water; everything
up-to-iate: n-year lease; rent only $200; clear-
ing $250 to $300 per month; owner sick abed.
14 rooms; rent $05; California st./ fine loca-
tion; good furniture and carpets; price will be
made right, as owner must leave city.
C3 rooms; Market st.; ront only $300; fine
transient house; vory central: liquor license:
can clear ?2."i0 to $350 per month; must be sold
within t<«n days to sfttle estate: only $700 cash
to get in, balance time; big aiiaii.
44 rooms; rent only $125; good furniture and
carpets; 5-year lease; running water; new
building; eltars $150; $1000 down; JliSCO.
0-room, new, modern flat; 4 months; ele-
gantly furnished; cost over $1800; a bargain;
sickness.
t>0 rooms; part offices :• elegant new building
ami furniture; high-class locntion: beautiful
halls; everything modern; first-class grill In
connection; best proposition in city; called
East.
13 rooms; rent $25; snm*> housekeeping: clears
$."(>: barn, with fine yard; half cash; balance
time.
7-room fiat; rent §40: oak furniture; good
carpets; sickness; price $350.
72 rooms; rent $400; elegant new building;
swell family hotel; beautiful furnishings; clear-
Itig $600 per month; every room full; will
stand the strictest Investigation; location un-
surpasscd.
10 roQms; rent only $100; well furnished; lit-
tle apartment house; reduced to $1100.
60 rooms: rent only $30C; downtown tran-
sient house: cleirs $200 to $^50 per ir.onth;
will only take $700 to get in; must leave city;
price ?2000.
106 rooms; cheap rent: first-class,; up-to-date
commercial fcousr; clearing $350 to $100 per
month; Koing East.
12(5 rooms: rent only $4 per room: new an.l
up-to-date house: all men; electric elevator,
lights; long leaso; clears ?400 to $.VK) per
month; < re ■: the bost buyj in th*> city.
A— CALIFORNIA INVESTMENT CO.
Phone Mack 0001, 777 '.a Market St
Any house sold on easy terms.
GRAND down town, select transient house;
50 rooms, spacious halls, nlcoly furnished;
the best proposition on the market: price I*
richt: easy terms. Exclusively with CAL.
INVESTMENT CO.
HOTEL, 85 rooms, new and modern, grand lo-
cation, Fuprrbly furnished; long lease, mod-
erate rent; very low price and easy terms.
See CAL. INVESTMENT CO.. 777^ Market.
EIGHTY-SEVEN rooms, newly furnished:
electric lir.lits; long lease: price $0000, $2000
rash reqiiirM; paying proposition. CAL.
INVESTMENT CO., 777V& Market st
A JOSEPH SKIRM- -A
6 Eddy St., room 72. Phono Croon <C1.
SPECIAL! SPECIAL! SPECIAL!
GRAND SUNNY CORNER: M> rooms; 2
floors; 5 years' lenso; best location north of
Market: quarter eawed oak: brand new car-
pets; STRICTLY an APARTMENT HOUSE;
clears S210 over all expenses; COST over
$4725 75 to furnish; to soe Is to appreciate;
only a SMALL AMOUNT of CASH is neees-
Bary; must go this week; asking $3500.
A BRANCH office of The Call for tho reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market St., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. DR. MARTIN, wonderful spiritual heai-
er and business medium; mining a specialty;
advice I guarantee on all business proposi-
tions to bo successful. My wonderful magnet
will bring reconciliation and lasting pe,ace
with the one you love: readings by mall most
satisfactory. $2: readings dally. $1: develop-
Ing class Thursday. 8 p. m. 502 Eddy st.
DAWSON Bros.— Special readings. 50c; abso-
lutely free unless correct; full names givpn;
our readings are best; hours 0-8. 601 Eddy.
W. G. KEEGAN holds test seances every night
except Sat, 10c; sit, 10 to 5. 14S Sixth st.
MME. YOUNG'S genuine spirit messages to-
nlKht. 10c; readings dally. 010 McAllister.
EDWARD EARLE. 1052 E11I3. readings dally,"
!>:30 to 4; seances Sunday and Thursday.
PROF. FRED EVANS, noted clairvoyant and
slate-writer. 1112 Eddy st. Phone Scott 8S7.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 paces, sent to any address m the
United States or Canada ono year for $1,
postage paid.
OLAIUVOYAXTS,
MME. M. BERNARD. THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, perma-
nently located at 17 Third st, next Examiner
bldg; she reads your life correctly, gives an
accurate description of the past, reveals the
present happenings and portrays events to
occur in the future; If you are In trouble,
discontented, or not satisfied with life, or
have domestic, love or business troubles, con-
sult this great medium and you will be told
how to overcome them; valuable advice in
all affairs of life; 25c up; satisfaction guar-
anteed; readings by mall. Tel. Black 4560.
1SMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmiRt permanently located at 1104 Market
Bt, cor. Tuik; private readings daily. 10 a.
m. to 5 p. m.; readings by mall as satisfac-
tory as in person; 3 questions answered, $1;
full life, $5; send lock of, hair, -date ot year
of birth; don't send currency; eend postofflce,
Wells-Fargo mosey order or registered letter.
MME. HALL. Trance Medium.
Those desirous of a first-class reading may
call; no charge unless satisfied; tips on races;
cures drink habit; hours 10 to 8. Parlors, 463 i
Ellis at ,
THE only original Roman Gypsies In the city;
palmists, clairvoyants, card readers. trai»e
- mediums; we have given readings to 10,000
r people In 8an Francisco since our arrival;
they were satisfied, so will you be. 2S5 Geary.
MRS. A. H. KRONENBERO, palmist, clair-
voyant card reader: when others. fall try me;
good reading 10c. 721 Franklin, nr. Q-j^. ave.
MISS M. WILLE. crystal seer, life reader;
without asking a question reads your entire
■ Ufe; special, $1 this week only. .400 Geary.
CLAIRVOYANTS Continued.
ANOTHER GREAT CUT IN PRICES.
Call at once and save $4.
Ills former 55 reading this week for
$1 .$1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1
PAUL DESTINE.
The first registered trance clairvoyant and
palmist ever In San Francisco. .
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge If I fafl to tell your name, oc-
cupation and what you called for; I promise
to tell you If husband, v/ife or sweetheart is
true or false: tell whom and when you- will
marry; in fact, I will tell every hope, fear or
ambition better than you can tell yourself:
the controlling power implanted In your nature
so you can change the thoughts. Intentions,
actions or habits of any one secretly; long
standing disease and the most obstinate cases
of lost vitality cured without medicine; there
is no life so hard and blighted, no home to
sad and dreary, no heart no forsaken and
lonely that cannot be set right and kept right
after a visit to this remarkable man; he- In-
sures you success or charges nothing for his
services.
Hours, 10 a. m. to 8 p. m. Sunday, 2 to 0.
326 — O'Farrell st— 326.
MME. PARKHURST. clairvoyant and card
reader: business advice; sittings daily; 10 to
12 a.m., 1 to 7 p. m. ; 25c up. 3S McAllister.
A — Mine. Ravenna reads life, business advice:
names given; 25c up. 5 4th St.. near Market
MRS. LESTER— Test circle to-night. 10c; dev.
circle Wed. eve., 25c; read, dally. 121 Turk st.
MRS. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune-
teller. Is now at 317 Ellis st.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader, re-
moved from 132 6th to 23 & 6th; la. 25c; g. 50c
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; la. 25c;
gents 5Oc. 951 Mission st. nr. 6th; open Sun.
MISS WARD, for a few days, 017 Market, rms.
11-12; gives dates, names, facts; hours 11-9.
MISS ZEMDAR, young gifted clalr. and palm.;
names; 1. 50c. g. $1. 714 Franklin.nr.G.G.ave.
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader: sit-
tlngs dally. 443^ Jfssle at., bet 5th and 6th.
A WEEK' 8 news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
10 pageg. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
CAItrKT BRATIXG AXD CLBANIXO.
AIR now universally used In cleaning carpet*
on "floor, without removal: price moderate.
S. F. Compressed Air Cleaning Co., Call
building. Phone Main 5237.
m . . 1
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ins Works. :>55-.'!57 Tehama st. ; tel. South 40.
WESTERN*" Carpet Cleaning Works. 1809 Har-
rison st; Al cleaning; 3c. Tel. Mission 225.
HOPKE BRO3. ; excellent carpet beating: mat-
tresses made over. 1432 Howard ;tel. South 216.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st;
tel. Main 304. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH _ CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harlson st. ; tel. Mission 26::.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Work*.
■Ti-t finlflpn Gate ove. : t»lephone East 26.
COLLECTION O-TXCES.
BAD tenants ejected for $1: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION-
CO., 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel. 65S8.
COTTAKE3 TO LET — FURNISHED.
FURNISHED new modern cottage, 4 rooms. 3
Metropolitan ave.. Eighth st. near Harrison.
cubes' rpptttrb.
WHO?— Hunter, 121)0 Market st. ; ?100; rupture
cure for $10; circular explains; send for one.
DENTISTS.-
DR."iIURPHY?To4-5-6 CaTlsghan bldg!?MarK?et
and McAllister sts., uses the Basford Obtun-
dor; the only device ever Invented for grind-
Ing, drilling and excavating teeth without
pain. For demonstration call at office.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting &Oc; gas given.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs; crown, $3 50; fillings, 50c;
plates, fR;- full- set; nil work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon-dentlst.r.14, 1st
floor, Phelan bid., 806 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Set teeth. $1 50 up; crowns. $2 up; fillings, 25c.
GOLD fillings, 75c; silver. 35c; crowns, $2; no
paln;open Sundays. Dr. O.B.Hewitt. 201 Sutter.
l)irKSSMJ^EJIW^XI3^EA>ISTltESSKS
Accordion, sunburst and knife plaiting; double
ttamps en dress linings. Stewart's button and
buttonhole factory, 110 Taylor; tel. Folsom 2121.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Patterns cut to measure; eve class 1019 Mkt
FASHIONABLE dressmaking and shirt waists
a specialty MRS. L. STECK. 614 McAllister.
EDUCATIONAL.
NIGHT AND DAY SCHOOLS for men and
working boys; Instruction from the fifth
grade to preparation for the university; day
school of Interest to all men: business methi
ods a specialty: personal attention given;
thirty Instructors; private coaching; n!£ht
law school; Instructors from University of
California and Stanford University; indus-
trial cla&ses: men have the advantage of our
extensive engine room; complete plant, boil-
ers, dynamos, engines, pumps, etc.; electri-
cal engineering, assaying; students have all
other privileges of the association If desired:
International certificates given to students
completing the courses and passing the exam-
inations; young men, strangers coming to tha
city, directed to good homes; association em-
ployment agency for all graduates of our
echool;"the beneficial Influence of a great
moral Institution; our v/ork is Indorsed by all
the leading business and professional men of
the city; cur educational work accredited by
more than 115 universities and colleges In the
United States; mechanical, freehand draw-
Ing; naval architecture, stenography, type-
writing and other specialties; advantages over
other schools, tuition less. Instruction supe-
rior; wo are not in business to make money,
but "to make men"; especially advantageous
to young men coming from the Interior. Call
or write for descriptive catalogue, the Young
Men's Christian Association Institute of Prac-
tical Education for Men and Boys. H. J. Mc-
COY, General Secretary. San Francisco. Ad-
dress all communications to LE ROY BURN3
SMITH, Educational Director.
AYRES. the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket st; established 18 years; life scholarship.
$50: bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
arithmetic, spelling, etc.; positions secured:
the college refurnished with new typewriters
and furniture January 1. Catalogue free.
NEW Juvenile department of the Paul Gerson
School of Acting now open; applicants re-
ceived from a to 12 years of age; Miss Lillian
Musclo. principal; exceptional advantages:
largest school of the kind In the West; send
for catalogue. Native Sons' Hall, 414 Mason.
WRITE to California Bdsiness College for In-
formation concerninc February club dis-
count; on moving Into our new and elegant
building we want bOO students; come and
Join the great school of the West: 75-p*ts«
catalogue. 001-925 Golden Gate ave.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the university, law and medical colleges;
ref. President Jordan or any Stanford profes-
1 sor; day and evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
HINMAN'S Academy; a thorough school ot
dancing; established 20 years. 1412 Polk it.
between Pine and California; both adult and
children's classes are now open for the seasun.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST. S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy. English branches; day
and night sessions; illustrated catalogue free.
A LARGER and better school than ever; enter
at once if you desire a good position; Gregg
shorthand Ellis bookkeeping. S. F. Business
College, 1230 Market st
1 ATTEND Gallagher-Marsh Business College on
! advice of official court reporters and be com.
j ' petent stenographer*. 13SS2 Market: catalog.
"WESTERN Business College. Odd Fellows' bid. ;
bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing, arlth.,
spelling, writing, etc.; day. eve.; $4 mo. eve.
School of Singing — Opera, concert and oratorio;
voices cultivated; method, Italian; engage-
ments secured. Carlos N. Keller. 361 Geary.
HEALD'S School of Mines & Electricity. 24 Post
st. S.' F.; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec. mln.. mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. ev.; est 1804.- Van
<Jer Nalllen School. 113 F*ulton. nr. City Hall.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday. Saturday. Sun-
day evgs.. Teutonla Hall, Howard st. near
Oth. Prof. Foster: society dancing taught.
ESTANOL— Metcdo practleo y progresivo.
Rafael Serrano, 530 California, cuarto ntn. 4.
BANJO, mandolin and guitar thoroughly
taught: orchestra practice. 462 sieary st.
LADIES . wishing to learn millinery art, com-
plete system taught. 1:19 Post »t., room 37.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine st— .Night clys.
PIANO lessons, 25c half hour. MRS. PECK,
exirerlenced teacher. 1013 Mission, nr. Sixth.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
GiET^our^Ip*_rPINE^JAPANESE EMPLOY-
MENT OFFICE and Housecleanlng Co. 1333
Pine, nr Jap. M. E. Church; Dhone Poik 3UU8.
GEORGE AOKI. 421 Post st: tel. Bush 135—
Japanese-Chinese employment office; fur-
nishes best help; contracts for farm help, etc
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chinese help. 428 Powell st Tel. Main 5iS2.
FRITZ'S Emp. Office; Japanese and Chinese
help. 415 Stockton. Tel. Grant 168.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 5138.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years
Tel. Main 1807. BRADLEY A CO.. 640 Clay
EMPLOYMENT WASTED— FEMALE.
FRENCH woman (chef) as cook and house-
keeper; good marketer and manager; full
chargo of parties and receptions; New York
references. M. H.. box 2540. Call office.
EXPERIENCED laundress wants situation;
also French chef; private family, $40 to $5O;
middle-aged woman, good cook. *25. S. J.
BEAN, 17 Fourth St.; tel. Bush lt-7.
WANTED— By a reliable colbred woman, situ-
ation to do chamber work: wages $30 per
• month. Address 1B5S Seventh st.. Oakland.
A CANADIAN Protestant woman wants posi-
tion in small family; Is good cook. Call at
78C O'Farrell st.
L\DY wishes few more engagements by the
day as seamstress. Call at 327 Larkln st..
near Golden Gate ave.
FINLAND "girl wishes position for general
housework and cookins for American family.
255 Perry st.. In rear.
RESPF.CTABLE woman, good cook, wishes po-
sition in private American family; will do
light washing; references given. 71)4 Folsom.
A LADY takes washing home; open air dry.
Phone Page 1047^
NORTH German girl for upstairs work and
sewing; wages ?25. 249 Seventh st
IF the Congregational Church or the Church
of England Is sending out any missionary to
any of the foreign lands, a lady wishes tr>
go with them as an attendant. Address MISS
J. JOHNSON. Main Portofflce. 3. F.
GOOD, willing woman wishes a situation to
do general housework; good cook: In city or
short distance in the country. 227 Minna.
ELDERLY, reliable woman wants position In
small family: general housework. light
washing; references. Box 2«K). Call office.
RELIABLE girl wishes position to do general
housework; wages $20 to <25; American fam-
ily. 365 Minna st. ; no objection to children.
RELIABLE younsr woman wishes position;
second work. L. J.. 827 Howard st., room 21'.
INTELLIGENT young man. 20. Swiss, only a
short time here, wishes any position; Is will-
ing to assist In general housework and cooic-
lng. L. A., 3025 17th St., below Castro.
WANTED — By reliable woman, place as cook !i»
private family: city references: wages $30,
$35; city or country. Box 2737, Call office.
A PAST mlddle-ajred lady desires position as
housekeep-r or companion; wages, $15 a
month. Box 27CS. Call office.
YOUNG woman wishes work In a restaurant
or chamber work in a hotel. Call at 403
Third st. ,
LADY wishes a few more engagements by the
day as seamstress. Please call 327 Golden
Gate ave.
GERMAN girl wants position as waitress In
private family. Address MRS. BROCK-
STEDT. 1GC2 Benton st. Alameda,
AN experienced stenographer and assistant
bookkeeper de=ires position. 2651 Mission st.
EXPERIENCED tstenographer and typewriter
desires permanent position. Box 2048, Call.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. C33 McAllister st
CHEAPEST and be^t In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
EMPLOYMENT WA.VTED MALE.
WANTED — By a sober, steady and reliable
Eastern farmhand, well acquainted with the
care of horse?, cows and i>oultry. work on a
small farm or country place. Address G. B.,
Maine House, <>14~ Kearny St.. city.
YOUNG man (25 years old), from country,
wishes situation to drive team, or Job In any
kind of storr; speaks English. Spanish and
French. Address 621 Valencia st. ; phone
Church 073.
WANTED — Position as foreman of quart*
mine; IS years In charge of mining work;
best of references given. Address 6SS Twen-
ty-fli'th st. Oakland.
YOUNG man would like a position of any
kind; willing and obliging: used to firing
steam engine on dredger. Address box 2tiSl,
Call office. '
YOUNG man. wpII acquainted In this <;lty,
speaking French, English and German fluent-
ly, wishes position as salesman. 2527, Call.
YOUNG man wants a position as night watch-
man; served In recent war; steady and
sober habits. Address box 2603, Call.
SITUATION wanted by young man; strictly
steady and reliable: indoor work of any
kind. Box 2685, Call office.
EXPERIENCED grocery clerk wishes steady
position. Box 2680, Call office.
BAKBER. wholesale district, would work even-
Ings and Sundays. Box 2682. Call office.
WANTED-^Positlon as teamster In Oakland;
understands care of horses; all around good
hand. Apply X34 Nineteenth st, Oakland.
A YOUNG man wants situation to learn th«
carpenter trade. A. YOHNSON, 75 Third.
YOUNG man wants situation, office preferred.
1S0S Lafajette .«t, Alameda,
COLORED boy, 22 years old. would like a Job
driving waeon; knows the city well; or
would like a Job aa porter; will work. Box
2001, Call office.
A TRUSTWORTHY man. 38, wants position
as night watchman; can furnish references.
Address I. B., 750 Folrom st.
YOUNG man wants position washing dishes;
experienced. '• JOE AVEYARD, Metropole,
147 Natoma st: tel. John 6711.
COFFEE man. with knowledge of roasting,
wishes situation In wholesale house. Box
2tiSD, Call office.
YOUNG married man desires position in Oak-
land: steady and reliable. Box 1037. Call
office, Oakland.
WANTED — Situation by a competent coach-
man; is skilled In the cars of horses; city
or country; be3t of references. Inquire
GEORGE ROSEBERG. S13 Sutter st
WANTED — Position on private place to take
care of horses, cows and lawn and garden:
wages iruin $30 to $35 and found. | Address
Box 1035. Call office. Alum<\4a.
POSITION wanted as bookkeeper, shipping or
bill clerk by steady, experienced man of 28;
references: am not afraid of work. Box
2732. Call office.
WANTED — A position as master mechanic with
a lumber or mining railway company, by a
man with 15 years' experience. Address box
1002. Call office. Oakland.
BRIGHT boy of 16 wishes to work In whole-
Eule house or learn a good trade; best of ref-
erences. Box 2709, Call office.
A RELIABLE man. 40 years of^ age. who
neither uses liquor nor tobacco, wants posi-
tion on hay, grain or stock ranch; handy at
blacksmithing, harness making, etc.; best of
references. Box 2502, Call office.
GARDENER, first class, ningle, long expe-
rience In landscape gardening, growing of
flowers and greenhouse work, wishes a situ-
ation on a private plac« : references. Ad-
dress H. H., box 2030, Call office. - . .
ACTIVE young man. general office man speaks
and writes the English. German and Scandi-
navian languages, wants any position; mod-
erate salary; best references. Box 25CG, Call.
BOOKKEEPER or other position; good refer,
ence; long experience; state salary or wages.
Box 274ti. Call office.
PAINTER, paper-hanger and tinter wants
work; very reasonable. WILLIAM HAPP
434 Fulton St.; phone Page 1421.
TEMPERATE young man wishes position as
stableman or teamster; experience. Address
C. N.. Halfmoon Bay. San Mateo Co.. Cal.
A YOUNG man wants position as bartender-
city cr country: steady and reliable; refer-
ences. Box 2733. Call.
A POSITION as head waiter, first-class country
hotel; references. Box 2511. Call office.
A YOUNG man wants to wait at lunch counter
and do porter work. Box 2054. Call office.
JAPANESE wants a position to do general
housework In a small family. • HIRO 1303U
Castro st. * W7a
A JAPANESE boy wants a position as cook
and housework In good family. MORINISUL
931 Sacramento st. "
JAPANESE honest young boy wishes a posW
tion to do housework or any kind wor_i
T. H.. 1S03 O'Farrell st
EMPLOYMENT WA.VTEP-- MAXE.
A FIRST-CLASS cigar clerk, with best refer-
ences. wouKl like a position in a cigar store.
Box 273S. Call.
YOUNG man v.-ant» position aa man about
placa or housework. H. J.. box 2C36. Call.
FEATHER RENOVATING.
BY new. healthful process. Cal. Steam Feather
Co.. 325 Van Ness ave.: tel. Howard 3167.
FI.VAXClA-w
4Vi PER CENT
Is paid on ordinary savings accounts and 9
per cent on term accounts by the Phoenix
Savings B. and L. Association. 518 California
st. A. A. Watklns. president; Charles R.
Bishop, vice president: S. Prentlas Smith,
treasurer: Clarence Grange, -secretary and
managing director; Gavin McNab. attorney;
Qeorge C. Boardman and Charles E. Ladd.
directors; Walter K. Smith, cashier.
Subscribed capital. $3,000,000: paid in c-pl-
tal. $1.CCO.OCO; reserve fund. $200.000.
COMPANIES incorporated, financed and stock
floated. W. II. BITTNER. Lawyer and Fi-
nancial Agent. 32- Emma Spreckels blig.
FLATS TO LET.
A— HOUSES and flats to 1st: aa Immense list
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; It will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-259 G«ary
st, on the square.
ALL of the most desirable flats and houses ar»
listed In our renting department; let us give
you a list and he!p you find one In the loca-
tion you want. STERLING FURNITURE
COMPANY. 1030 Market st; services abso-
lutely free.
GREENWICH. 2234. nr. Stelner— 3 flats of 4
and 5 rooms; newly papered and painted; no
objection to colored pecple. BURNUAM Ss
MARSH CO.. 211 Montgomery st.
A SWELL up-to-date 6-room flat 3523 Twenty.
fourth st. near San Jose ave.
ELLIS. S24 — 5 sunny, elegant modern rooms;
$45; open 2 and 3:30 o'clock.
FLAT, 9 rooms, bath, sink and washrooms;
rent $27 CO. Key ZM6 Mission st
FLAT of four large rooms: r«r^ $13. 831
Grove st. near JLaguna.
Largest list of new flats and houses: call for
printed list Lyon _ Hoag, 116 Montgomery.
MODERN corner flat, 7 rooms, bath; large
cellar. 425 Shrader st.
UNION. 135O— UDper sunny flats of 7 rooms
and bath: grand view; rent reasonable.
$23 — 640 GROVE; fine flat. 6 rooms and bath;
sunny side; modern.
F_ATS TO LET FCllNISHEn.
MISSION, 1148 — A sunny fiat 4 rooms; fur-
nished or unfurnished: rent reasonable.
FURNISHED flat 4 rooms. 913 Capp st, neaff
Twenty-fourth: key at 813^ Capp st.
GOLDEN Gate Ave.. 439 — Furnished flat of 3
rooms for housekeeping.
NICELY furnished: 7 rooms; modern through-
out. 1256 California st: call 12 to 2.
FLATS FOIt SALE — FURMSnED.
CHEAP — Beautiful, newly furnished fiat; six
rooms; call afternoons. 1524 Webster st.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FOR sale — Furniture of 8 rooms; all modern;
some birdseye maple; carpets the best; dining
room and kitchen furniture, dishes, etc.; coal
and gas range. Box 2058, Call office.
FURNITURE of 9 rooms for sale; nearly all
quartered oak; carpets Brussels and Moquet;
see and make offer. Box 149, Call office.
A — $100 NO. 7 combination coal and gas
range; used 2 weeks; $50. 403 Valencia st
FURMTURE WASTED.
HIGHEST prices for furniture . nd mdse. L. II.
BL'RD, auctioneer. 1818 Mkt.; tel.Howard 2758
HELP TVAXTED FEMALE.
COOK for San Anselmo ....$30
2 cooks, American families »«»«33
Cook, small sanitarium .....$35
4 cooks. German style $30. J :."•
Laundress for Menlo Park %■'■■<
4 second girls, city and country... .$20. *J">
Cook for ranch $25
Young girl as companion to lady, hotel; sleep.
home $15
Ironer, also body lroner. same place
$12. $0 week
Chambermaid and seamstress, private fam-
ily $-'5
Chamberwork. private family $25
55 general housework girls, city and coun-
try; good wages and flrst-cLass families. J.
F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter st.
NEAT young working housekeeper; no cook-
ing: references required; $35. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 331 Sutter st.
TWO waitresses for first-class hotel In th»
city, wages $30 each; a nurse for three chil-
dren, place In country, $25; a cook for pri-
vate family on ranch, wages $30; a cook fnr
two In family. In San Mateo. wages $35.
MISS PLUNKETT.425 Sutter St.. nr. Powell.
A LAUNDRESS. $30; cook, American famliyl
$35; second girl, family of two, $23; nurse,
$30. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st
A — WANTED — Girls tt> learn hairdreaslng.
manicuring, etc.: trade taught from A to Z
In 2 weeks; $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to fill Immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10 per week up; leading sciiocl la
West 233 Geary st. room 13.
LADIES wanted everywhere copying letters at
home, evenings or spare time and return to
us; no mailing or canvassing; $9 weekly
earned: materials free. Inclose self-ad-
dressed envelope for particulars. Guaranteo
Co.. No. S4 Ninth st.. Philadelphia. Pa.
A — Girls to learn millinery now for spring sea-
son; both seasons taught from start to finish
In 1 month for $15: positions as trimmers,
salesladies, etc.. guaranteed at $10 per wk up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton st. r. 13.
A — LADIES to learn all branches balrdresstng 1
trade, manicuring, massage, etc. 1238 Mar-
ket st, cor. Jones, room 94; positions secured
at highest wages; day and eve. class; call.
GIRLS about IS to work In factory; good
wages; steady employment Apply at once,
AMES & HARRIS. 100 Sacramento at.
■
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS AND .RIV-
ETERS; NO EXPERIENCE NECES3ARY:
PAID SALARY. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'3
FACTORIES. 3214 FREMONT ST.. AND
1873 MISSION. NEAR FIFTEENTH.
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
Chutes 6 p. m. Wednesday: salary no object.
APPRENTICES on ladies' cloaks and suits.
D. M. DAVIDSON & CO.. B2 First st.
GIRL to assist. 103S Union st.
GIRL for general housework. 2706 Sacra-
mento st. -
WANTED — Woman to do light housework and
plain cooking; sleep home. 720B Union st.
WANTED— Girl for second work and waiting.
1307 Hyde st.
LADIES to sew furs; wages while learning.
Call at 324 fcan Pablo ave.. Oakland.
APPRENTICES and makers wanted in milli-
nery store at 692 McAllister st.
AN apprentice girl on custom coats; steady
work: good pay. 533 Natoma st
STRONG girl for general housework: 520 a
month. 120 Eleventh st. top floor, left
DRESSMAKER wants first-class waist finish-
ers. MRS. BRYANT. 2332 Mission nt
DESIRABLE position with established hous*
open to mature woman with small capital;
commission. Box 2717, Call office.
WANTED — Middle-aged German woman fcr
housework and cooking. 128 Eleventh st
SMALL German girl wanted to assist with
houjework. 1373 Haight st
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sU.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market st. opposite ITIfth.
Open until 11 p. n>.
HELP WASTKn_MAMB T '
IP.ONER, $3 week: dairy foreman. $30 «nd
board; farmer and wife; milker and wife;
farmers. $30 and found; restaurant cook. $M
week; hotel cook. $75; second cook. $4.'.;
V £ S?° k ' * r>5: cook and wlfe : » n< l others.
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 8acramento st.
A— 1,
Men to learn the barber trade In two months
and secure good positions; catalogue and full
Information mailed Irte. MOLER aystsoa
College. 6CS Clay gtHURRAY & RnADY. (S4-C36 Clay st.
1'hone Main M48.
i.ir5*V. in ~ Employment and Labor Agents.
€«/«.: V. Oav * 1<M * We "o'** to
W»,C0O lieu Work. Increase 0U.0W
m?^<, "TO THn SILVER &- COPPER
MI M.S. MIXES MIXES
0^"*" minels ; 8-hcur shifts; gold mine;
SOO 1 **"' 1 *' 06 Ininrr> ' : rcrth; cold quart* mines;
runip^Too"' mine# * a Cliy ' min€r anJ run
2 hydraulic pipe men for mine, $S2 50 fd.
URCkEir.lth, mine. ?3 5o day: 5 mucker*.
#i>« «<0 and found.
TO
ARIZONA.
„, THIP DA1LV.
<-iose to Trcscott. 8. F. & P. P. Route.
,.,„ , ' ARIZONA.
.iVn »^ a for tt^roaO Work. Good Wages.
-JOMileo. ARIZONA. $a 10.
MISCELLANEOUS.
warmer ana >vife. trr.sJl ranch. $40 r.nd
• tuna; nuin tsd wife, mine boarding-house;
" £v»' ! " rcES and t'horeiran. I>fnc!i or German.
»i>o and round; plumber, ccur.tr>' Job; tinner,
oouxury Job; Italian ranch choreraan. $2$ and
round; 10 wooJchop-per*. Fanta Crur rounty,
fool wages; 25 woodcheppers. sawmill com-
I-^ny. redwood 80c. pine II & hardwood f 1 r.0
per cora: J waiter*, city hotel, $^5 and found;
waiter aiul make bed?. $25 and found- house.
m f n '. prl%ate 1:}c<i . *-•> E«d found; baker.
c«ty. 51S week; t milkt-rs, fare paid $.''5 and
round: terra ootta worker
MUKKAY U READY. 634-636 Clay st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'F. Phone Grant 185.
KOTKL DEPARTMENT. SEE BOSSES HERE
Head waiter $ (i 0
storeroom and pantryman combined T10
3 bellboys ' o r (
Young waffleman .V.:.K"M;; J45
Second cook .' $40
Cook and helper. Fmall hotel, near city! .$o5
gaiter. State of Nevada $45
Waiter, hotel, north $•»%
- nurse*, institution "135
haker en t. hole wheat bread.. $3 day
C. R. HAXSEX & CO 423 Bu?h 5t
WANTED — Your.g man. 18 to 20 years of age.
to assist in filling order* and packing goods
in wholesale house; tteady position, with
chances of advancement: give reference ex-
perience and wages expected. Box 2664.
Call otnee.
YOUNG men everywhere copy letters, home
evenir.g?', $9 50 week; send addressed en-
velope for particulars. Manager Dept. S4,
box 1411. Philadelphia, Pa.
1*0 YOUNG men, 18 years of age. to organize
military organization. Call S. SZANIK, 473
Valencia ft., btt. 6 asd S p. m.
YOUNG man to earn his tuition outride of
ff-hocl hours. California Business College,
2«J5_L«rkln «t.
V" ANTED — Barber for evenings. Saturday and
Sunday; steady. 30*3 Twenty-fourth Ft.
WANTED — Errand boy. A. BERISERT &
BItO.. l«St> Market st.
BARBERS, take notice— The office of secre-
tary and Free Employment Bureau has re-
moved to » City Hall pq., cr 1504 Market st.
Journeymen Barbers' Union, Local 14S. JOS.
It. BLK1LY. Secretary.
WHY pay big prices to have your shoes half-
eoled when ycu can get it done for 23c. 50c
tnd 60c while you wait at 663 Mission st.
bet, lyt and 2d fts.. or 11 Third st.
A MAN" of indomitable energy and push, a good
talker, eager to make money. F. PERSON
477 ar.d 47$ Parrott building.
THKnE-CHAIR, well-paying, city barber shop
fur sale. Inquire WILL & FINCK.
1 ■
BARBER *«!k>;> Tor sale cheap; price $200. 2S09
•'alifornia st.
BARBER shoo In hotel; 3 chairs; sacrifice.
1 Franklin «t.. corner Market.
WANTED — FlrFt class Job pressman for plat-
en presses, steady employment for good
man. Apply SAN BORN. VAIL & CO., 741-
745 Market st.
WANTED — Job compoEitor for all-around
w-jrk; permanent position to good hand. Ap-
ply SANBORN, VAIL & CO.. 741-743 Mar-
ket et.
WANTED — Experienced solicitor*, men and
women, to handle merchandise contracts;
good compensation; ea«y proposition to
place; investigate. Roy^l Mercantile Co..
suite 19. Columbian bldg.. or 952 Broadway.
Oakland.
WANTED — Labcrers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, has
c<l<!»d 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third ft.; 2tO rooms; 25c to SOc per night.
WANTED — A flrst-class carriage blacksmith at
rood w«cf. Apply to A. MEISTER ts. SONS
CO.. Sacramento. Cal.
A FlRST-cIa^s traveling Falfrraan for a large
lical tailoring firm; do not apply unless
thoroughly experienced. Apply box 2692, Cail.
TRY ccr men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
fl W pair; foot-form choes at $2 50: we pay
express or mail charges. 11 3d st.. Exam. bid.
Pension attt.. m. Harris. 40 eiii« st.: 14
years' practice; references from thousands of
persons for whom I have secured pensloca.
A STRONG boy wanted. Call 3305 Seventeenth
etreet.
WE war.t ttfo more live, pushing salesmen.
App!y at 300 Port ft., from 8 to ) a. m.
TWO-CHAIR barber shop for taie; clears over
J^0 wwekl}-. 14 Polk Bt- ,
2-OHAIIt barber rhop; mill sell cheap; going
Haft. Address bcx .2U. Lodi. Cal.
I.IAN to £1 janitor work for tuition in 8. F.
Parher School. 741 Howard ft.
fAILORS and ordinary seamen for deep-water
ships. Apply DENT'S place. 26 Steuart et.
JRY our men's ehoer, union made, at si and
$1 tM per pair, foot-form shoes at $2 50 or
orthopedic *hoes, S3 r.0; best shoes on earth. 11
Third Ft.. Exam. bldg.. S doors from Market.
TENSION atty.. E. A. Bullis. room 40, Phelan
h\ig. Pa«t Com. O*o. H. Thomas Post. G..A-R.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Tfcird st.. near Mar-
ie et 700 rooms, ST>e eight; reading-rocms;
fr»-* 'bus and bacrgage to and from ferry.
'ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
C»1I Bra.r»ch office, cor. Duncan tc Church sts.
A. BRANCH office cf The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market ct.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
ALL Eire* men's rhoes. slightly damaged, half
price. SC3 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d rts.
GTT your *ho»« half *cled while waiting: 25c
to W>c. T/C3 Mli«»lon St.. bet. l*t and 2d «ta.
HORSES A3TD WAGONS.
WANTED — A good *ourid horse for exprets
waron. Bcx 151. Call office.
50 ASSORTED buggies. Kurreys and wagons
at co*t price. lUA-b FoIboei st.
FOR tai* — Elx second-hand express wagons
acd two trucks. £33 lieale st.
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon
and go-cart for tale cheap. 532 Mission st.
I^rc^t a5sortrrst 2d-hand wagons. buckbd.*ur-
rey.harn»F*.worV.'invlr.g horse*. lBth-ValencIa
XIOCSES TO LET.
A PKLNTED li8t ct bouses to let; send for cir-
' eular. G.H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery.
HOUSE, 1546 TavJor St.; X0 rooms and bath.
Apply 023 Broadway.
MCALLISTER. 1269—12 rooms, bath and bU-
llard-roum; $00; water free; modern.
BEFORE movlnc cet our printed list of houses
t" l<r-t. BALDWIN' & HOWK1X. 2-"» Pott tt.
"OlSKS TO LET- — FtHNtSIIEH.
QQI Russian HIM; one block from cars; mag-
nificent view; large garden; biUUrd table
and modern conveniences; H rooms and bath;
reasonable rent. Apply MISS HAMILTON.
1513 Washington ct.
ri'RXISHEL) *-room Pacific-* venue apartment
Mat: everything new. THE MCCARTHY
COMPANY C4U Market «t.
HOISES FLUMSIIED — FOR SALE.
SCSO; MUST cell to-day; parties going away;
*>-rocmcd bouse; new furniture. 1009 Cut-
ter st. ■
TtTtK. 126, near Jones Ft. — IIou!>e of 7 room*;
nicely furnished; eacrifice for $350 cash.
invcst.m i; :\ ts.
BONDS. STOCKS AND MORTGAGES.
All dlvidend-tjaylnr securities for sal*.
OEItMAXIA INVEST CO.. «27 Market St.
LOST AXD I-'OUNI*
LOST — Lady's cold watch with N. It. on face;
Nc'.l!'! Itoberti" on lnn'r case: No. 170&I1.-
Kinder please leave at 4';.; Latkin st. and re-
ceive liberal reward.
LO>T — Part of snake ring with diamond.
Finder will return same to K. DUFFY. 1.TO7
California ft., und receive liberal reward.
LO8T — gma'.i gold *atch; Kli-:n movement; in-
itial* H. D. on rront of cs.se. Reward rt'urn
' «;& Montcociery et., room 4.
_^OgT_AND FOUND — Contlnned.
LOST— A passbook with the HIbernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco in the
name of Henry Young. No. 208-231, Th«s
finder will please return to bank.
LOST — Gold football charm; engraved "Stan-
ford and Berkeley, I«:>S": reward. Address
J. R WHIPPLE. box 5. Nlles.
MEDICAL.
LADIES desiring safe. »ure and quick relief
| from irregularities ccnsult me at once; my
methods are always safe, painless and reli-
able: I have no failures; cure guaranteed; no
exorbitant fee*: 17 years' experience in all
female disordere; call cr write without delay;
advice free; correspondence confidential.
DR. WHITE. 702 Market at., rooms 7 and 8.
MRS. DR. Wl'ETll, specialist for all female
complaints; instant relief guaranteed; 30
years' experience; removed to fe26 Post et.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. 1008^ Market St., opp. 5th.
VALPEAL'S f»?r.iale pills; best regulating pills
scld; price $2 f>o by express. Pasteur's
i-yrir.ge and tablets; price $5. By express
only on receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTH-
ER?, wholesale drusciEts, Seventh and
Btoadway. Oakland
DR. G. W. O'DONXELL— All who are sick or
in trouble consult this epeciallst on female
complaints: positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped: the most difficult cases treated;
I advice free. Office, 1018 Market St.
| CATARRH. DFAFNESS and NOISES in EARS
i positively cured: new method: 1 week's treat-
ment free. Dr. Cottlngham. 204 Sutter st.
MRS. D. ALLEN, 1118 Market— Reliable ladies'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
Drs. Goodwin, 733 Turk, nr. Van Ness — Expert
in obstetrics, female complaints; inst. relief;
treatment $10; hours. 10 to 5; 25^years' exper.
DR. WESTON— Prompt relief for ladies; con-
sult him free. 305 Kearny st. ; tel. Main 481.
DR ROPEX resides 2995 Folsom St.. corner
26th: ladiee, relief or no fee; $10.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1126 Market st.
DR. XG TOY KKE, 319 Powell st.. opposite
Union square: all diseases cured by herbs.
MINES ANIJ MINING
THE Monterey Gold Mining Company, which
owns one of the most valuable«mlnes In Cali-
fornia, has placed on the market 20,000 shares
of its ftock at 25c a chare, the par value
being $1. Mr. J. J. Taylor, the eminent min-
ing expert. Is in charge of the work and re-
ports that the richness of the mire is gaining
rapidly ax the work advance*; this stock wjll
gc to $2 a share within the next 12 months;
Interested parties can see the quartz and gold
taken out of this mine at the offlc* of their
fiscal agents,
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market tt.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont St.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair it with elateritt; in rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good over old
Iron, tin or thingles; best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
2D-HAXD machinery, boilers, engines, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc.. etc.. bought, sold,
rented and exchanced; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCI1Y. CO.. 130-132 Beale st.
A— FINE «uits. $7 50; dress pants, $2 50. Orig-
inal Misfit Clothing Parlor?, 23S Kearny st..
near Bu?h; open to 9 p. m.. Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-2G5 Spear St.
TYPEWRITERS, slightly used, sold at cost;
new Underwood visible typewriter catalog
cent free. R. E. Revalk & Co.. San Francisco.
ALTERATION sale— Best $2 50 hats $.1 50.
Popular Price Hatter. 330 Kearny st. near
Pine; open to 9 p. m. ; Sundays to noon.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 60 pair;
foot-form sbces at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d Et.. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
3%e ROLL and up: fine wail paper; samples
mailed; painting, tinting, papering. M. MER.
IGAN. |3<B Webster. Tel. Jackson 1321.
TWO thoroughbred Holstein bulls and a lot
fine family fresh cows at SCHAEFER'S
STOCK YARD. San Bruno road.
F"Ort tale — Plumbers' and carpenters' tools;
larg<» grindirg stone; floor trucks with tracks,
at 9r>3 Howard st.
AUTOMATIC machine for sale, rent; all kind
repaired, sold. 2244 Mission st., near Nine-
teenth.
LARGE carriage, victoria and coupe. 1011
Sutter st
A ROYALLY grand set of Jewels from Europe;
carbuncles and diamonds: cost 100 guineas
($525); will sell for $100. R. 1. 308 3d st.
FOR SALE — Gasoline schooner; cap. about 30
tons. Apply N. SULLIVAN. 28 Rltch st.
FOR sale — 5 billiard tables and 1 flonl table
in good condition. Box 2fS3. Call office.
MAHOGANY bar fixtures; 30 feet long: gaso-
llne launch. 618 Third st.
SAFES and cash reglBters. new and second-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1323 Market st.
DESKS bought, sold and exchanged. T. D.
MCCARTHY CO.. 782 Mission; tel. Bush 467.
MILES of pipe and fitting* ; nil sizes. EU-
GENE RILEY & SONS. 109 Vallejo st.
SOME good pecond-hand gasoline engines. 1 to
12 b. p., cheap. E. B. Beck & Co., 122 Mkt.
SLOT machines cheap; Chicagoes. Twentieth
Centuries. Pucks. BACIGALUPI, 003 Market.
DESKS ana safes: see the complete line at 1816
Market, ab. Van News. RICHARDSON BROS.
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HeS
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns,' sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard & Breck. 131 Post st.
SAFES — New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market «t.
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. Baclgalupl, 933 Mkt.
GASOLINE engine*, automobiles and launches;
all sizes. J. E. DOAK, 46 Fremont st.
ASK for price* on second-hand typewriters; all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO., 110 Montr"y.
JIISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED — Eecond-hand upright piano: Knabe,
Steinway, Chickerlng or Weber; state price.
Box 2520, Call office. ;
WANTED — A runabout automobile; must be
in firEt-class condition; gasoline power pre-
ferred; state full particulars. Box 152, Call.
WANTED — A Gray electro plating dynamo.
Address STEWART BROWN. San Jose. Cal.
WANTED — To buy Empire diamond contracts
below S3000. Box 2722. Call office.
LARGE eecond-hand safe wanted. BACIGA-
LUPI PENNY ARCADE, 840 Market sC
I PAY highest prices for all kinds of caat-oS
clothing; send postal. MORRIS, 114 Harriet.
BOOKS and libraries boughT H. C. HOLMES^
1149 Market st. ; phone Jessie 3741. or postal.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st. ; tel. Jessie 2S51.
' ~^
MONEY TO LOAN.
AAA^HERMAN r MURTHX
601-C02-C03 Examiner Building.
Quick settlements; no disappointment.
Eave expenses by dealing. directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
e«t«. assignments of rents, property In trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terests m property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount on
1st. 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels. In city, town
or country.
Low rate of Interest.
Give full particulars
of property or chattels.
Location, etc.
Box 408. Call office.
A.4Y amount quickly on furniture or piano, ■
without removal or other security; no com.;
fcirest rates: strictly confidential. National ,
Credit Co., C8 Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market st. '
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding houees, without
security; easy payments; largest business la
46 principal cities. Tolman. 553 Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY respectable private p'.aee to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at 3
per cent interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store.
646 Market: tal. Main 1644. Branch. 10 Third.
A — 1 per cent on furniture or piano; no remov-
al, no commission, no publicity ;$25 up:qutck,
private, confidential. 26 Montgomery, nn. 7.
MONEY to loan on low Interest; gold, silver.
diamond**, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
— ______
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant aTe*
LOANS FROM (1 TO $ 10. 000-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 1904.
MONEY TO LOAN— Continued.
NE'.V easy method — To wage-earners on unln-
dor?ed notes; absolute privacy. Fidelity Loan
Company, rooms 4S-49. Chronicle bldg.
TO salaried people without E«curity; on furni-
ture: Indorsed notes and other security. S. F.
Discount Agency. 143 Phelan building.
AT lowest rates cu furniture and pianos; strict
privacy; no commission installments accepted.
BONELLI, 301 Eddy, Conservatory building.
MONEY leaned; reasonable rates. NORTON
CO.. 70S Market et.. room 207.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. 8. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 638 Kearny.
3% ON furniture & pianos; 15 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN; room 81. 6 Eddy st.
1 PER cent on furniture or piano. 1003 Mu-
tual Savings Bank building. 708 Market st.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employee. R. 311, Mutual. Sav.Bk.bld.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
Indorser. MORELL COS Examiner building.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
A FINE SELECTION OF PIANO BARGAINS.
ALL UPRIGHTS.
Chickerlng; walnut case; nearly new.
Steinway: about a year old.
Knabe; walnut case; flnezt, largest size;
nearly new.
Rtelnway; largest size; fine condition.
Sterling; mahogany case; largest size. ,
I Standard; oak case; good as new.
Halnes Brothers, the genuine; mahogany
case; nearly new.
Steck; largest size.
Steck; medium size; mahogany case; nearly
new.
Two Neumanns: good condition.
Steck grand piano; good as new.
Steinway grand piano; In good order.
PRICES FROM $125 UP. »
SQUARE PIANOS,
Including such makes as Weber, Steinway,
Halnes. Kranich & Bach and others, from
$10 up. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON,
Chickering Agents,
Curtaz building, 16 O'Farrell st.
OPEN SATURDAY EVENINGS.
ONLY piano house In the city that will rent
you a new piano for $3 per month and allow
6 months' rent and cartage off purchane
price; eole agents for McPhall, Schiller and
other makes. SCOTT-CURTAZ. SCO Haye*.
A FEW unredeemed storage pianos (also furni-
ture) will be sold to pay storage dirt cheap.
WHITEHEAD'S storage. 1630 Market st.
CHEAP square and upright pianos; new and
eecond-hand organs; very easy payment*.
403 Market St., second floor.
NEW pianos sold on $5 monthly payment*.
JOS. SCHMITZ & CO., 16 McAllister st.
A FISCHER upright piano for sale; good as
new; $135. 237 Geary st.
$C5 — UPRIGHT piano; Steck mahoRany; nearly
new. HORNUNG BROS., 216 McAllister st.
BEAUTIFUL 3-pedat Steinway upright piano;
perfect order; sacrifice. Keefte's,285 O'Farrell.
EOHMER, Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecllian piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. II.
MULLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
FOR rent from March 1— Stores. 1050-1001
Market f=t. Apply immediately,' George
Davis, Central Theater, or SHAINWALD,
BUCKBEE & CO.
WANTED — To rent a suitable place for a
first-class saloon; not necessary to be a cor-
ner. Box 26S3. Call office.
UNFURNISHED rooms and offices to rent.
Apply 140 Geary St.. opp. City of Paris.
PERSONALS.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves Its growth, stops falling, cures dandruff
and itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp;at druggists', hairdressers'; ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co., 133s Polk
GRADUATES of New York School of Massage
Osteopathy: vapor ar.d electric baths; face
vibrating machine for rheumatism; genuine
tubs, hot and ccld water; trained nurses as
attendants. Prof, and Mrs. Morris. 400 Geary.
PHYSICIAN. 15 years' experience, cures per-
manently morphine, cocaine habit. Call or
address Central Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave..
corner Butter st.;. fee moderate.
M. ELLA HARRIS, the skin specialist, shows
the work that in the Important Item to persons
contemplating facial treatment. 781 O'Farrell.
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drug dis-
eaB*>s positively cured by Willow Bark Co.,
1373 Waller; consultation free; call or write.
HAIR grown gray restored; pimples, wrinkles,
all blemishes removed; shampooing specialty.
MME. ROUME. 231 Post, parlors 13 and 14
LIQUOR habit cured; we guarantee a cure in 2
* days cr no charges. Acme Liquor Cure Co.,
997 Market St.. room 203.
AT lees than cost uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor. 721 Market st.
DANCING Tuesday. Thursday, Saturday, Sun-
day evgs.. Teutonta Hall, Howard st.. near
8th; Prof." Foster; society dancing taught.
J. W. SPARROW, Jeweler, formerly of ' 107
Geary st.. has moved to 218 Post st.
Actina restores lost eyesight ;cures deafness and i
catarrh. A'VIDA CO.. 3524 19th. nr. Valencia.
MRS. Eaton, electric needle specialist, 369 Sut-
ter. r. 609. Miss Eaton, 233 Geary, room -is.
Bon Marche Pants Co.; special $5 pants to or-
der. Rooms 14 & 16. 40 Ellis. Tel. Drumm 44.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mkt.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
tric needle. Dr. & Mrs.Travers, 1170 Market.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 60; dress pants $2 60.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont
ALFREDUM'B Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color; $1; at all druggists'.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market St., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
PArERHA>^ING. rAINTING. ETC.
ROOMS papered. $4 up: tinting, painting,
Hartmann Paint Co.. 319 Third: tel. Main 413.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES
DOMESTIC— The machine for family use;
best is cheapeFt; second-hand all makes at
any price; all kinds rented lowest rates.
Domestic office, 1C21 Market, near Sixth.
NEW HOME — See our new triple-feed ma-
chine^ ellghtly used; $10, $15, $20; second-
hand, $3, $5, $8: all styles; guaranteed. New
Home Sewing Machine Co., 1051 Market st.
WE have a number of new sewing machines
that are shopworn; we will close them out
at half price or less at once. WHITE SEW-
ING MACHINE CO., 300 Post St.
$10 00 — NEW Improved drop-head nickel-finish,
guaranteed 10 yrs. : 2d-hand sewing machines
$2 50, $3. $4. 145 tith St.: tel. Jesnle 3136.
J AGJ3^ND^VAREHOUSES.
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.: furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
781 Howard 6t., nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage &. Moving Co.. of-
flce Post and Powell sts.; tel. Prlv. Ex. 57L
CONKLIN'S storage— Furniture and merchan-
dise. 833 Golden Gate ave.; phone East 120.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made; 840
Mission St.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore st.; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery
et.; tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
IN the Superior Court of the city and county
of San Francisco, State of California, Pro-
bate — In the matter of the estate of HARRY
A. L. FLOYD GOPCEVIC, deceased. No.
30074. notice for publication of time appoint-
ed for probate of. will. C. C. P., sec. 1303—
Notice Is hereby given that MONDAY, the
29th day of February, A. D. 1904, at 10
o'clock a. m. of that day, and the courtroom
of Department No. 10 of said court, at the
new City Hall, in the city and county of
San Francisco. State of California, have beon
appointed as the time and place for proving
the will of said HARRY A. L. FLOYD
GOPCEVIC, deceased, and for hearing the
application of HENRY E. MATHEWS and
PETER M. GOPCEVIC for the Issuance to
them of letters testamentary thereon.
(Seal) • JOHN J. GREIF. Clerk.
By E. S. HAWLEY, Deputy Clerk.
Dated February 16. A. D. 1004.
JOHN F. DAVIS and BISHOP, WHEELER
& HOEFLER, Attorneys for Petitioners.
PIV IPEIVP NOTICES.
SAN FRANCISCO and Suburban Home Build-
in" Society, 5th floor, Mutual Saving;* Bank
building,' 708 Market St.. opposite Third—
For the half year ending 31st of December.
1903, a dividend has been declared at the
rate per annum of (12) twelve per cent' on
capital stock and participating certificate*,
free of taxes, payable on and after SATUR-
DAY January 2. 1904. JOSEPH A. LEON-
ARD. Manager. HUGH CRAIG. Secretary.
RKAJL^EST^Ej--gnr^^
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
25 Post st.
•12 000 — 4 new\flats, well located in the
Western Addition; large frontage, 40x
70 feet; rents $105 per month; half a
block from McAllister-st. carB.
$16,500 — Elegant Eastlake modern residence,'
containing 12 rooms, bath, etc.; large
grounds, 50x137:6; on north line of Clay.
$10,600 — Shrader st.; lot 25x131:3; 2 flats con-
taining 15 rooms; rents $80 per month.
$13,000-— California st. (north line); lot 50x00;
2 dwellings of 9 rooms and bath each;
rents 585 per 'month.
512,500 — Price reduced from $14,000 to effect
Immediate sale; splendid NE. cor. on
Clay st.; lot 27:8%xl00; improvements
consist of substantial residence con-
taining 10 rooms and bath; a bargain.
$5,500 — Webster 6t. : 2 flats of 6 and 7 rooms
and bath each; lot 25x100; rents $51 50
per month; Vi block from cars.
$7,000— First-st. corner; lot 25x75; 2-story
house of 10 rooms and bath; brick
foundation; business district.
$4,100— Lombard-st. corner; lot 77:8x60; resi-
dence of 12 rooms.
$18,000— Rents $152 50 per month; new build-
ing on Guerrero-st. electric line: lot 3Ox
90 feet to a rear street; 6 separate apart-
ments of 4 rooms and bath each; mod-
ern and up>-to-date in every respect;
splendid Investment.
$4,000 — Rents $42 per month; 4 separate flats
of 4 rooms each; close to Third Bt. and
Southern Pacific depot; lot has double
frontage.
$4,300— Downtown building lot; size 30x60 to
rear street; vicinity of California and
' Stockton sts.; owner will exchange for
other city property.
$12,000 — Oak' st., near entrance to Golden Gate
Park; lot 25x137:6; new buildtng of 3
separate flats of 6. 7 and 7 rooms and
bath each; rents $105 per month.
$5,500 — Two-story house of 7 rooms and bath;
Webster st., near Washington; excellent
location.
?7,50O— Powell st. : lot 40x70; rents $75 per
month; frame building; separate flats.
CHEAPEST AND CHOICEST HOME
BUILDING LOTS
On Official Grades in Sunset District.
SEWERED AND MACADAMIZED.
Between H and I Streets.
In Blocks Fronting Golden Gate Park.
ELECTRIC CARS PASS THESE PROPER-
TIES.
Sold on Your Own Terms and
Monthly Installments.
Price $825 and Upward.
See These Building Sites and Judge for Your-
self.
BALDWIN & HOWELL. 25 Post St.
Branch Office, Corner II St. and Seventh Ave.
Open Every Day, Including Sundays.
BARGAIN— SNAP! "
$5200 — 2 modern new flats in Sunset Dis-
trict; clcse to the street car and Golden Gate
Park; large lot; pays over 13 per cent; see
them to-day. For particulars apply at branch
cf BALDWIN & HOWELL, cor. H & 7th ave.
W. J. GUNN.
530 CALIFORNIA ST.
(Savings Union Building.)
$1S5O — Union, on sunny side, near Broderlck,
with fine marine view; the last lot; oth-
ers all sold; contract let to build first-
class residence on the lot adjoining the
one now for sale; size 25x100; easy
terms; only S100 first payment; $25 to
$40 monthly payments; lot ready for
building; cars pass: no such opportunity
like this is offered to get a lot in the
Western Addition in small payments; this
lot will be cheap at $2500 in a few
months; choice location to build 2 nice
flats that will bring high rents; a good
way to get a home and pave the money
that is lost in paying rent is to build on
this lot later on. live in one flat and
collect rent to help pay off the mortgage.
Call on us and we will show you how to
do all t'his.
$3000— Corner on Lake fet., 32:6x100; a fine
buy for a grocer; fast bulidlng up, houses
all around and no grocer within sev-
eral blocks: cars pass; offered for tho
first time.
$2100 — Corner or» Wpbeter 2?>xlOO; opposite
corner Just sold for $2450; deed not yet
recorded ; very cheap.
Lots north of the Park; street work done;
cars pass; this side of Eleventh ave.;
25x100 and 25x120; well located; $1000 to
J00O each; cheaper than anything offered
in the district.
W. J. GUNN.
• 530 CALIFORNIA ST.
k A NEW FLATS.
$R7(H1 — Rent $S70 per year and rented cheap;
nil large, sunny rooms: swell neighborhood:
It will pay you to Investigate this. See GEO.
STIERLEN. owner and builder. 1373 Masonic
avo.. bet. Waller and Frederick st».
YOU can buy a lovely home in San Mateo. on
car line, house of 8 rooms and bath, barn,
chicken house, lot 100x180, $6000; $1000 down,
balance $62 50 per month. D. COFFIN &
CO., 3303 Mission st.
CALIFORNIA House Wrecking Co. pays the
highest price for buildings and will wrecK
the largest building completely within 10
days. Northwest corner Mission and Tenth
* sts.. office and yard.
IF you have a house and lot in San Francisco
that Is mortgaged and you want to get out
to the best advantage, address, with particu-
lars and price, box 154, Call office.
BUILD on your unimproved realty; we loan
full cost lmprov. and part lot at 6 per cent.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building.
DO you want a nice bathroon? Calt on AHL-
BACH & MAYER. Plumbers. 836 Howard st.
CLASSIFIFD advertisements and subscriptions
recelted at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
REAL ESTATE — Const try— For Sale.
6227 A. Merced River, Merced Co., Cal.; ap-
praised by court at $71,000: assessed by
County Assessor at $40,000: offered for $50,-
000- Vi year's time, 6 per tent; 900 A. level
grain, fruit and alfalfa land; 4327 A. roll-
Ing — grazing and grain Iar.d; Merced River
passes through land; 900 A. can be Irrigated —
water free^ — no royalties; improvements good;
school 1 mile; church and town 3 miles; on
direct road to Yosemlte; muit be sold to close
crtato; a bargain; the profit* from these lands
made the former owner. JOHN L. IVELL,
who was murdered In 1890, rich;- fine rains;
everything green and growing now. Address
J. W. KNOX. attorney-at-law. Merced. Cal.
PAJARO VALLEY APPLE ORCHARDS.
This valley is recognized the world over as
the great apple center of California. We have
two owners who are desirous of giving their
children an education at tho State University,
therefore they will sell cheap for cash or ex-
change for properties in San Francisco or
Berkeley. 50 acres valued at $11,000; 30
acres valued at $4500.
To those who mean buslnecs, call or write
for particulars.
GAFFE Y & MAHON. ''■ .(■:'
Real Estate Agents, 505 California St.
MUST BE SOLD THIS WEEK. OWNER
LEAVING FOR ALASKA.
100 acres— Napa County. 4 miles east of
Rutherford; a well-Improved firm; 115 acres
good farming land; 30 acres alfalfa land;
house, 5 rooms; 2 barns: brooder house, 60x16
feet- numerous outbuildings; a treat bargain;
cash price $7000.
CHATFIELD & VINZENT.
22S Montgomery St., S F.
IN 10 AND 20 ACRE TRACTS!
Black sandy alluvial soil; wat«r at 18 feet;
fineKt stand of grain In Northern California on
the land at present; adjoining -beautiful or-
chards, vineyards and improved homes: on the
main county road two and half miles of Court-
house and 2 live business towns; no Irrigation
necessary here; Investigate prict and terms.
SO acres, as a whole or In subdivisions.
W. J. WHITE. 26 Montgomery tt., room 5
FOR sale — Ranch of 74 acres; gord house and
outbuildings; partly to fruit; neir S. P. sta-
tion Aptos, Santa Cruz County, Cal.; price
$5000; also other lands for sale. For partic-
ulars address Postmaster. Moss. Cal.
FOR sale — Saw timber on four sections; cruise
40,000,000; four miles from railroad; might
take a email home in California as part pay-
ment. E. 11. ■ PENTZ. North Yalclma. Wash.
$10 A MONTH buys a 10-acre farm.
$200 profit per annum per acre.
Write for booklet. It's free. 603 J st.
WRIGHT & KIMBROUGH. Sacramento. Cal.
320 ACRES of farming land; ntce orchard,
barn, noraes. wagons, etc.; fine running
Ftream; close to town; willrent or Bell. 117
San Pablo ave.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards
vineyards: inspected bargain*: monthly cata-
logues «cnt free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 64S
Market Bt. ■ ' " r
A WEEK'S news for 5 cent*— The "We^iy Call
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. Si p»r venr*
POINT RICHMOND BKAL ES -3Jjj?]~
WATKR front lots and bargains: all tracts-
maps, photos, etc' BELL. 417 Parrntt bldg.
' PROPERTY WANTED. ~~
COTTAGE or low priced pair flats J a Mli
•ion. MARK LANE. 600 Market at.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
_ * . _ _, 1. 1 .
IN West. Oakland — Residence 12 rooms, barn,
large lot. pretty garden, iron fence, etc., all
in good condition: attractive rooming-house
proposition or for flats; $3 per month to
S. F. ; exchange for ranch near Modesto, Cal.
WISEMAN, HOLCOMB & YOUNG, sole
agents, 314 San Pablo ave.. Oakland. Cal.
ALAMEDA ADVEETIS'MENTS
ALAJIEPA REAL KSTATB.
NINE- ROOM house; good location; to rent or
for sale; also 6-room house; lot 42x150; in
good location; fruit trees, .etc.; $3000; bar-
gain. CHARLES ADAMS & CO.. Bay sta-
tlon. Alameda; phone Union 1052.
BERKELEY ADVERT' S'M'NTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
BARGAINS— We buy, sell, exchange or bttl'.d.
MURDOCK & CO.. Lortn Station. Berkeley.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BKOADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
BELDEN'S BARGAINS.
$3100 — Nice 6-room eottagts on Adeline St.,
near station; lot 40x100.
$6250~Splendid corner for flats; 100 feet
frontage; on a choice corner; few blocks from
Washington and Tenth sts. ; includes old im-
provements.
$3500 — Pretty 6-room cottage on northeast
corner; lot 33x100; short walk from business
center.
$4000— Modern 0-room house and lot; 40x123;
on Thirty-sixth St., near Grove.
$4100 — Fine modern 7-room home on Frank-
lin st.; close in.
$1250— Elegant residence lot, 83:4x100; in
the beaultful Merrill property; Telegraph ave.
and Twenty-sixth st.
$1500 — Choice corner lot, 33x100; on Filbert
and Sixteenth sts.; elegant surroundings; high-
ly elevated; no prettier site In town to build on.
BELDEN, Real Estate,
1112 Broadway, Oakland.
$10 CASH, $5 monthly; extra fine level building
lots, covered with full-Hearing assorted fruit
trees; sandy loam soil; lies fine and ready
to build on; grand view; 2 electric cars; not
far from S. F. steam local train; sewer,
water,, gas; these lots are on an Ideal spot
with fine elevation; it is the best building
site of any; price, all told, $200; only a few
left; adjoining East Oakland. Call or send
for circular, 455 Seventh St., opp. Broadway
station. Oakland; carriage free. H. Z.
JONES, owner.
OAKLAND 'HOUSES TO LET.
HANDSOME residence of 0 rooms, bath, con-
servatory, lawn, barn, large cement base-
ment; strictly modern. Inauire R. FRANKE.
697 Sycamore Et.. near Grove. Oakland.
9 OAKLAND STORES TO LET.
FRONT RDace with window; store or offices;
5 also basement. 1233 Broadway.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains in furni-
ture. H. Schellhaas.llth st..cor.Btore.Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
CHURCH. 1629. near Twenty-seventh — 4 sunny
rooms; furnished or unfurnished; modern im-
provements.
DE NORMANDY. 605 Post— Nicely furn. rms.,
$2 week up; aUo hakpg, $4 to $7 a week.
DOLORES, 934. nr. Twenty-third — Two front,
sunny housekeeping rooms, bath, gas.
GEARY, 1002 — Nicely furnished eunny rooms,
en suite or single; housekeeping privileges;
running water; gas; reasonable.
HAIGHT. 232 — Two large sunny unfurnished
rooms; light housekeeping; carpeted; ref.
HAIGHT, 1786 — Elegant new sunny hkpg.
rooms; fur. or unfur.; laundry; bath; phone.
HOWARD. 719^ — Housekeeping rooms; re-
spectable: no transient.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments, 1340 Pine—
• Sunny, furnished 3-room suites; steam heat-
>d. electric lighted: *»>« baths; rate $30 up.
MISSION, 1219 — Sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms: no children.
POLK. 612 — $14; bedroom, small kitchen, gas
stove, bath; no children.
THIRD, 808— 2-room suite, $12; one grand
front, $10; cheaper rooms.
TWENTY-FIFTH and Capp, grocery etore^ —
Three furnished housekeeping rooms, $12.
VAN ,NESS, 1008 — Large sunny furnished
■ rooms: housekeeping privileges if desired;
good board in immediate vicinity.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch Office, cor. Duncan & Church «ts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1008 Market St., opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
APARTMENT HOUSES.
GLENDORE — New apartments on Pine st..
east of Van Ness ave.; 6 and 6 rooms each,
with bath, steam heat, elevator service, elec-
tric lights, gas stoves and hot water sup-
plied without extra cost: will be finished
with exceptional beauty and taste and are
now offered for rent unfurnished; tenants
can rent direct from owner, who will manage
the building, now approaching completion;
open for Inspection. HOOKER _ LENT, 14
Post st.
THE LUNGER, 445 Octavla, cor. Hayes— Just
completed; sunny; modern 3-rm. apartments:
elegantly furnished; electric lights; private
baths; $40 up: refs.; also doctors' offices.
ST. CECILE, 115 Fell, above Van Ness — The
acme of perfection In elegantly furn. 3-room
apartments; private baths, steam heat, elec.
lights, elevator, gas ranges; $30 to $55.
St. Andre, 1230 Pines — New management; superb
aptmts;str!ctly first-class; steam heat;electric
llghts;prlv. ;phone;elev. ;1 to 5 rms.. with priv.
bath; furn. or unfurn. MRS. W. WEIR, prop.
ST. LOUIS. 1575 Jackson St.— Modern 3-4-5
rooms, also single; furnished or unfurnished;
marine view; now open; references.
ANTLERS. 415 Turk— Modern housekpg apart-
ments, 3, 4 and 5 rooms, furnished or unfurn.
HADDON HALL,
851 EDDY ST. REFERENCES.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
APABTMENTS WAUTED.
WANTED — An apartment of 5 rooms with
bath, in an up-to-date fireproof apartment-
house with all conveniences. Box 123. Call.
n POMS TO LKT-— -Fnrii. V d Unfam.
AURORA, corner Second and Folsom sts. — New
house, new furniture; every room outside;
modern and sunny; prices from $1 CO per
week up; this is the only up-to-date house la
this vicinity; first -clasa grill attached.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth St.— Rooms
2Ac to $1 per night. $1 25 to $3 per week and
light housekeeping rooms: open all night.
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth St.— Rooms, 25c, 50c, $1, $1 50 night;
$1 60 to $10 week; house open all night.
BURNETT. 1420 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
CUMMINGS <The). 61S Post. nr. Taylor — Just
opened; desirably located; sunny, single rooms
• and suites, with private baths, hot and cola
water, steam heat, electric lights. . phone
every room; elevator; breakfast if desired.
CALIFORNIA ave., 387— Furnished front room
at $6 per month. . <.-_■; * ■'
CLIFFORD, 20-1 Ellla, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDINBURGH. THE. 239 Powell, cor. Geary—
Sunny suites and offices: also single rooms.
GRAND Southtrn, 7th and Mission— Rooms 35o
to $1 25 night; $1 60 to $6 wk; reading-room.
HOTEL ST. PAUL, 463 Ellis— European plan;
elegantly furnished front suites, $35 to $40;
house open and • elevator service all night;
transient. Mrs. M. E. GRANT, formerly at
the Vendomo. 1104 * Market at.'
JESSIE. 363T east U. S. Mint— Furnished
rooms, $5 and $ti per month. ■
KEARNY, 215— Rooms suitable for photogra-
pher, doctor, dentist or real estate.
LAGUNA 1511, cor. Geary — Front suits; newly
furnished; modern flat; every convenience;
private family of 2; phone Geary 4082.
MARKET. 1032— Nice, sunny rooms; also
housekeeping rooms; reasonable.
MISSION, 837A— Furnished rooms by the day.
1 week or month: prfcea reasonable.
OAK, 419 — Elegantly furnished sunny rooms,
en suite or single. \ '
O'FARRELL. 77*— 2 sunny unfurnished parlor
rooms; suitable for a physician; reasonable.
O'FARRELL. 1136— One nicely furnished front
room for rent. .
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and Unforn.
POsVr622^Nrcely~furnlshed suite and 3 single
rooms; reasonable^
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms per night. 35c to $1 5u; week, f-
to |S; month, $3 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and ccld water; baths.
ST. JAMES, McAllister and Laguna — A sunny
furnished single room: rent $7.
EUTTER. 622^ — Comfortably furnished rooms;
hot and cold water: bath; terms reasonable.
SUTTER, 1120 — Four sunny rooms. lower por-
tion of residence: suitable for ladies' tailor,
milliner, doctor or dentist's offices.
THIRD. 308— Rooms. 23c, 50c. 75c and $1 per
night; $1 to *4 week; nice, quiet; bath.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market — 400
rooms, 35c to $1 night. 11 75 to $6 week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water In every
room; elevator, read. -room: free busfbaggag?.
VAN NESS ave.. 619 — Elegant front parlors and
adjoining suite for office or club.
"WINCHESTER Hotel! 44 3d St.. near Market—
Most convenient and respectable* 7CO rooms:
35c to (1 50 night; $2 to $s week; elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room: free bus: baggage.
WOLF House. 202 Sixth— Electric light in
every room; 15c to fl a nlgbt: 75c to $$ a
week; open all night; convenient to all cars.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch Office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Oren until 11 p. m.
hot_:l hatton
977 Pine. nr. Taylor; elegantly furnished
suites; private baths; all modern conven-
iences; excellent table.
HOTEL BALTIMORE. ~
1018 VAN NESS AVE. NEAR GEARY ST.
SELECT AND FIRST CLASS.
PHONE PRIVATE EXCHANGE 706-
A NICELY furnished room; modern and every,
convenience; board first class; single $30.
couple |57 50; within short distance of cen-
ter of city. Address box 146. Call office.
BEAUTIFXTLLY furnished room, with board;
fine location; bath and phone; within walk-
ing distance of Call building. Box 2056, CalL
BOARD and room in private family in Berke-
ley, close to cars;' good home cooking; $20
per month. Address box 2570, Call office.
GOOD home for old lady or r»ntleman; ' 10 to
$25 per month. 1038 Howard st.
Stevenson mansion, SO7 California — Fine rooms;
new chefs; colored service; table specialty.
O'FARRELL, 308 — Furnished rooms; * horn*
cooking; German family: $6 per week.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 FUlmor*.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
ROOMS AXD BOARD WANTED.
A ROOM with board for a gentleman (2 meals)
in family. or boarding-house; boarding-house
preferred; reasonable rates. Box 2582, Call.
I WANT flrst-class board and room within '
walking distance of the Call building; price
not to exceed $35 per month. Box 2519, Call.
MAN and wife want board and room In a
good family hotel: short distance of City
Hall; $60 per month. Box 2065. Call office.
ROOM and board wanted In a flrst-class hotel,
for man and wife; state terms. Box 125, Call.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. SI per year.
ROOMS WANTED.
TO exchange — One housekeeping room for two
hours' work per day. 3367 Twenty-sixth at.
PALJilSTRY.
MME. DEVAS. scientific palmist and astrolo-
gist; palm readings $1; 3 questions by ex-
press $1 ; open Tuesday evg. also. 139 Post st.
MME. NEERGARD. located at 242 Post; hours
1 to & daily. Phone James 1. Classes.
MADAME MERCIER, astrological palmist. 711
Post st-; no sign.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 613
Taylor St., near Geary. Phone Black 561.
PARTNERS WANTED.
LADY partner In a household goods store:
good business: $500 required. Box 2711. Call.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL — Office and residence.
1021 & Market st.. bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073^ Market «t.
REMOVED — DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at 667 Geary st., near Leavenworth.
DR. TONG PO CHY, successor to Dr. LI Po
Tal, herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
DR. M. MATSUDA has returned from Orient.
Now at SE. corner Geary and Taylor sts.
WONG WOO. the famous berb doctor — All dis-
easeg cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay st.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
Ladles! Chlchester's English Pennyroyal Pills
are best; safe, reliable; take no other. Send 4c
stamos for particulars. "Relief (or Ladles"
In letter by return mall. Ask your druggist.
Chlchester Chemical Co.. Philadelphia. Pa.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington, NoTir
Smith Premier, $23; other typeswriters at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 60. The
Typewriter Exchange. 536 California st.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; get par-
ticulars of L. & M. ALEXANDER, 110 Mont-
gomery st.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Ingpec. Co.. 503 Market.
STUTTERING AND STAMMERING.
MELBOURNE School, Van Ness-Market — Cure
In every case; Individual teaching; no medi-
cine. Inquire into wonderful cures: home- cur*
MARRIAGE UCENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday :
George A. Bardet, 20. 520 Greenwich street,
and Theresa V. Masterson. 21. Alameda.
Robert Drysdale, 45, city, and Mary Hogan.
45, city.
Otis Loveridge, 31, Woodward, and Nellie
J. Olive. 26. city.
Harvey T. Harvlng, 21. Nome, Alaska, and
Beesie E. Day, IS, 1322 Clay street.
Charles E. Greenfield. 27, 711 Taylor street,
and Elsa W. Cook. 21, 1677 Washington st.
Frederick W. Henshaw, 45, 2421 Washington,
and Margaret Wi Tay, 31. 2300 Broadway.
Walter W. Kaufman, 3S. 1521 Jackson St..
anl Mary B. Sherwood. 34. 1917 Baker st. .
Thomas S. O'Hore, 2S, 944 Howard street,
and Florence Lambert, 20. Portland, Or.
Charles S. Levy, 24. 1108 Golden Gate ave-
nue, and Lizife A. Wa;ker, 21. 1113 Alabama.
Henry A. Ferns, .'S, 1925 Fifteenth street,
and Annie M. Smith, 26, 319 Florida street.
William Hawley. 2S. 22 Stanford street, and
Lorena Greenwav, 23. 756 Howard street.
Charles W. Augustus. 20, 592 Stevenson St..
and Julia E. A. Campion. IS, 70 Whitney.
Joseph Roberts, 26, 1900 Powell st., and
Esma Harris. 20, 1916'i Stockton st.
Charles Olbbs, 21, Cedar Rapids, Iowa, and
Pauline Schmidt, 18, Chicago. t
Euger* K. Roberts, 28, 2753 Folsom street,
and H*Iena M. Bryan, 2S, Fort Jones.
Valentine E. Olney. 28, 20« -Twenty-seventh
St., and Bessie P. Jordan. 21, 206 27 tb st.
William C. Meyer, 21. city, and Annie
O'Brien. 21. city. . .
BIRTHS— MABR1ASES—DEATHEL
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the Dubllcatlon offices and be
indorsed with the name and restdmce of per-
sona authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once in this column
free of charge.
BORN.
HIRSCHFELDER — In this city. February 14.
1904, to the wife of Samuel Hlrschfelder.
a son.
PUCKHABER— In this city. February 5. 1904.
I to tho wife of the late Harry C. Puckhaber.
a son.
PYNE— In this city, February 0. 1904, to the
wife of Daniel F. Pyne. a son.
MAKKLED.
NELSON — JOHNSTON— In this city. Febru-
ary 13, 1904. '. by the Rev.' Dr. ' E. Nelander.
Julius Nelson and Nancy R. Johnston, both
of this city.
DIED.
Armstrong, B. A. Hurley, Michael
Axtmann. Leopold Lostbom, Anders A.
Bamford. Joseph McAvoy. Barbara M..
Boldemann. Ellen C. Murphy. Patrick
Boner. William Murphy, Thomas J.
Brannen, Patrick Ohlsen. Anna 11.
Burns, Andrew Randolph. Rev.T. L.
Cowherd. Chas. S. Regie. John
Daly, Mary Rflse. A. 8.
Day. Emma Roth. Henry
Doherty. James J. Faxtorph. Axel L.
Dunn. John Slmonson. Joseph
Faulhaber. P. Smith. Catherine
Gerktn. Metta Stoltenbersr. Wm.
Hayward. Alvinza Vlautin. JIth. Mari«
Hilliard. Eunice S. Watking. Mrs. P. T.
Hirschfelder. Infant Wilkinson. Eunice
Hogan. William Zepf, Frank L.
ARMSTRONG— In Oakland. Tal.. at 2S!i Myr-
tls street. February 13. 1IW4. Bradley Aaron.
beloved husband of Mary Armstrong*, and
father of George F.. B. F.. Edward. W. W.
and Charles Armstrong and Mrs. Frank
Schwab, a native of New York, ased 7T
years.
AXTMANN— In this city. February 14, 19OI,
Leopold, beloved husband of the lat» Kath-
erlne Axtmann and father of Mrs. J.
Britschgi. and L. F. Axtmann. a native cf
Baden. Germany, aged 67 years 1 month ar.d
3 days. A member of Pacific Stamm No. fa,
V. O. R. M. ; Yerba Buena Lager No. 8. U-
O. R. M. ; American Eagle Ledge No. 22 n 4,
K. of II.. and Badi-scher Verein.
C7FTlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), February 16. at 12:30 o'clock,
from the residence of his daughter. Mrs. J. '
Britschgi. 23 Hoff avenue, between Mission
and Valencia streeta. thence to Red Men's
Hall. 510 Bush street, where the funeral
services will be held under the auspices of
Pacific Stamm No. «C6. U. O. R. M.. at I
o'clock. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
BAMFORD — In this city. February l.'». 1904.
Joseph, beloved husband of Emma Bamford.
and father of Joseph, James. John and
Jesse Bamford. and Mrs. Henry Kershaw.
Mrsi William Bamford. Mrs. Alice Mowry.
Mrs. William Flckersen and Mrs. Sidney
Moskew. a native of England, aged 7(> years
7 months and 24 days.
CTRsmains at the mortuary chaoel of
the Golden Gate Undertaking Company. 2173
Mission street, near Twenty-first.
BOLDEMANN— In this city. February 14.
1904. Ellen C. beloved wife of A'lolph C.
Boldemann and mother of Hazel Bolde-
mann. and daughter of Clara Peterson, and
sister of Con H. Peterson, a' native of
Calma, Sweden, aged 36 years 7 months and
1 day.
C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1370 Masonic avenue. Interment Cy-
press 'Lawn Cemetery, by electric car from
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
BONER— In this city, February 14. 10O4. Wil-
liam Boner, son of the late John and Eliza-
beth Boner, and belove«l brother of Mrs.
Lizzie Johnson. Mrs. Harry Johnson and
Mrs. Charles Cueno and the late Mrs. De-
sola, a native of San Francisco, aged i'J
years 6 months and 14 days. A member of
Steamship Painters' Union, Local No. 986.
C7The funeral will tak.» place Wednes-
day. February 17. at 10:ol) o'clock, from tha
parlors of McFadden. McDrearty & Green.
1171 Mission street, between Seventh and
Eighth. Inierme-nt Mount Olivet Cemetery.
BRANNEN — In this city, February 14. 1904.
Patrick Erannen, relict of the late Mary
Brannen, and beloved father of Charles A.
Brannen. a native of Queens County, Ire-
land, aged 78 years.
C7The funeral will take place tn-day
(Tuesiay), at «:15 o'clock, from the parlors
of Valente, Marlnl & Co., 1524 Stockton street,
thence to St. Francis' Church, where a re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of his soul, commencing at 8:45 o'cIock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BURNS— In this city, February 13, 1904. An-
drew, beloved husband of Bridget T'urna,
and beloved father of Annie. Edward V.'..
Margaret, Mollie, Andrew. Joseph and n»-s-
sie Burns, a native of Queens County. Ire-
land. A member of Unity Lodge So. :!.*,
A. O. U. W.. and the Draymen and Team-
sters' Union.
C7Tho funeral will take place to-morriw
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his lat*
residence, 201 Oak street, thence to Sacred.
Heart Church, where a requiem maas will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
COWHERD— In this city, February L4. 1901.
Charles S.. beloved husband of Olive A.
Cowherd, and father of Minnie M. Cowheri.
a native of Canada, aged 43 years 2 month*
and 5 days.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to st'onii the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from the parlor*
of Halsted & Co., tH6 Mission street. Inter-
ment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
DALY— In this city. February 14. 1004. Mary,
dearly beloved wife of Thomas Daly and de-
voted mother of Minnie F... Alice J.. Jof.a
E., Thomas D. and the late James J. Daly
and sister of Mrs. P. Koane and Daniel Cur-
ry, a native of County Clare. Ireland.
C7"The funeral will take place* to-rlajr
(Tuesday), at 1) o'clock, frona her late resi-
dence, 205 Indiana street, between E!«h-
teenth and Mariposa. thence to St. Teresa' a
Church, where a requiem mass will b« cele-
brated for the renose of her soul, at J»:i!>
o'clock. Interment private, Holy Cross Cem-
etery.
DAY— In Eureka. Cal.. February 11. 19C4.
Emma, beloved wife of F. E. Day. and de-
voted mother of Carrie Day. anil daughter
of Mrs. C. Bruhns, and sister of J. H.. A.
C. H. R. and J. Bruhn-«. a rativ<> of Sao
Francisco. Cal.. aged 41 years 8 months ajl
15 day3. •
t7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), February 16, at 9:30 o'clock,
from the undertaking parlors of Theodor
Dlerks & Co., 957 Mis3iun street, between
Fifth and Sixth. Cremation Odd Fellows'
Cemetery.
DOHERTY— In thin city. February 14. 19O4.
James J., beloved brother of John Doherty
and Mrs. Jame* Conlon. a native of County
Donegal, Ireland, aged 50 yenrs. A member
of Riggers' and Stevedores' Union, Local No.
222. I. L.. M. and T. A.
ICTFriends and acquaintances an* respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 7: 15 o'clock, from the parlors*
of McFadden, McBrearty & Green. 1171 Mis-
sion street, between Seventh and Eighth,
thence to St. Ro««'s Church, where a re-
quiem high mass will b* celebrated for th»
repone of his soul, commencing at 8 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
DUNN— At his late residence, 1303 Pa*«
street, February 15, 1004. John Dunn, aged
74 years.
C7Friends and acquaintances are oropect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral aer-vicea
to-morrow (Wednesday*, at 10:30 o'clock, at
Calvary Presbyterian Church, corner of Jack-
son and Flllmore streets. Interment pri-
vate. Flease omit flowers.
FAULHABER— In this city, February 14, loot.
P. Faulhaber, a native of Germany, aged
70 years. '
GERKEN — In this city. February IS, 1904.
Metta. beloved wife of the late Herman
Gerken. and devoted mother of Mrs. F. Han-
son- of Portland, and Herman and William
Gerken and the late Mrs. Jacob Glngg. and
sister of Mrs. Aug. Muhl and Mrs. F. Totlt.
a native of Elmshorn. Holsteln, Germany,
aged 78 years and I s * days.
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1 :30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of II. F. Suhr & Co.. 11. '17 Mission
street, between Seventh and Eighth. Inter-
ment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
HAYWARD— Sunday. February 14. 10O4. Al-
vinza Hayward, of San Mateo, Cal.
(DTFrlends are invited to attend services
at Masonic Temple, corner of Post and
Montgomery streets. Thursday, February is.
at 2:30 .o'clock. Interment private. It la
kindly requested no flowers be stent.
HILLIARD— In this city. February 15. 1904.
Eunice S. Hilliard. beloved mother of Dr.
H. F. and William W. H. Hilliard andi
Mrs. II. F. Ccffman. a native of Pennsyl-
vania, aged 76 years 4 months and 3 days.
E7"Notice of funeral hclsafter.
HIRSCHFELDER— In this ctty. February 14.
1904, Infant eon of Samuel and Ada Hirsch-
felder. a native of ; San Francisco.
HOGAN— In this city. February 14. 1904, Wil-
liam Hogan, a native of New Hampshire,
aged 31 year*
(CT'Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767
Mission street, between Third and Fourth.
HURLEY— In this city. February 13. 10C»,
Michael, beloved husband of Mary Hurley,
and father of Joseph. John and Alexander
Hurley, and grandfather of Willie. Etta
and Eleanor Hurley, a native of Ireland.
aged 73 years and 2S days. (Buffalo ana
Philadelphia papers please copy.)
(C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
February 16 at 9:30 o'clock, from hi* iata
residence, S5 Gilbert street, thence to St.
Rosa's Church, where a requiem high maas
will bo celebrated for the repose «f his iuul
at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
LOSTBOM — In Oakland. Cal.. February 14,
19C4 Anders A., beloved husband of Mary
Lostbom, and father of Greta Lostbom. a
native of Sweden, aged 55 years 8 months
and 16 days.
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
Contlnncd on Page Fourteen.
F. J. MONAHAN. Manager. TeL Mlsilon UL
MONAHAN, O'HARA & CO..
FUNERAL Dir»ECTORS AND EMBALMER3.
2U2U-2341 Mission »t.. near Nineteenth.
San Francisco.
Jair.is McGinn. Henry llanaeo.
JAMES McGINN & CO..
Formerly With McGinn Bros..
—Funeral Directors and Embalmers— •
<214 Eddy st.: TeL South S7«.
1314
DEATH NOTICES.
Continued lYom Pago Thlruy^n.
rdBy invited to ettend the taM»TiM^rteM
to-dny (Tuesaay). at 2 o'clock. * l * h 'h -nd
J?h Lutheran Church, corner Tenth and
Grov* itreets. Oakland. Interment Moun-
tain View Cemetery.
McAVOY— In this city. FebrwT 1*. «**•
Barbara M.. dearly beloved and only
daughter of Michael and Kate McAvoy. anfl
t !M*r cf Frank Edward and the late Emma
McAvoy, a native of Brooklyn. N. l.
ILTThe funeral will take place Vj- d »>
(Tuesday) «t 9 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents 227 Twenty-seventh street,
•h'-nc to St Pauls Church, where a requiem
high mas, w5l I* ~1< M-HtM for the repose
of her eoul. commercing at 9:».J o cio<yc.
Interment Ho!y Cro«=s Cemetery.
aiVRPHT-In this city. February 15. 1JMH
Patrick hrloved husband of the lato Ellen
A Murpfcy. and lather of Mrs. J. J. Prer."
dr-pu-t a native of County Tyrone. Ire-
Und aped O years 10 months and 32 cays.
CTThe funersl will take place to-morrow
(Wednesday), at ,£;3<J O ' rlock « ' r £ m . »,
fungal perloti of flm^Wra Hrc^ 224-22(> Me-
AlllFt^r Ftreet. thTre to Ft. Charles Borro-
m^o's Church for services, Interment private.
Holy Crops Cemetery.
MT'RPHT— In this city. February 14. 1904.
Tiiorrfis J., beloved eon of Timothy ana the
lste Maiuaft Murphy, a native of Pan
Francisco.
CTThe funeral will tr.ke place to-day
(Tuesday), at 9 o'rl<.ck. from his late resi-
dence ir>43 McAllister ftreet, thence to
Sacred H»"art Church, rvh^re a requiem high
mass will b* o»>>hrated for the repose of
his eoul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. In-
terment rrlvat*.
OHLSEN— In Mount Eden. February 1*. W0*.
Anna, M Ohleen. & native of Echleswig-
Holsteln. *ag*d « year*.
CyFrlenfis ana acquaintances are invl.ed
to attend tl»e funeral or. Tuesday,
:6. et 2 o'clock, at Mount Ed^n Church. In-
fmwt Mount E'l'-n Cemetery.
RANDOLPH— In Alameda. Cal.. February 14.
1004. tbe Rev. T. L. Randolph, late rector
of St. Matthew's Church, in Lorin. Cal.. In
the 85th year of his ace.
CyTh" funeral will take place to-day
(Tuesday) at 2 o'clock, in Christ Church,
A!a-n«^la. The Bishop of California will
officiate. Bfsisted by the clerry of the rtio-
cere. Friends and acquaintances are rrspect-
fu!ly Invited to attend.
REGLE— In this city. February 15. 19^4. John,
beloved husband of Hannah Recle, and de-
voted father of Katie. Mary. 3< nnic nnd Julia
R*>ple. a rntive of Kratn-e. aged "•> years.
CTFriends* and acquaintances «r<» respoot-
fully invited to attend the funeral to- morrow
(Wednesday), at !<:.1'» o'clock, from his late
residence, TiS* 1^! Minna street, thence to St.
Joseph's <~*hurch. where h r^uir-m iitch mass
■will b* opl»>brst»»d for the repose of his MSl,
commencir.K at 10 o'clock, fnterment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
RnpE— in this city. February IS. 19°<. A. P.
Rote, dearly beloved hupliand of Bertha
ftoi- end father of L"o and William Hose,
a native of J'ortucai. at^ed 'Jti yean* (• months
ard J5 days. A rn< mber of Choprx-rs' Friend-
ship Club No. I.
C^FriendF and acquaintances ar* respect-
fully invited to att< nd th* fancral t»-morrow
( Wdrepday). at 11 o'clock, from his late
residence, 17^7 Turk pireet. tinder the aus-
pices of Golden Gate Camp No. f>4. Wo<->d-
men of the World. Interment Odd Fel-
lows' Cemetprj-.
BOTH— In this city. Fer-runry 13. l»04. Henrj'
Roth, beloved brother cf (Jeorpe A., William
J. and Edward J. R.'th. a native of San
Francisco, asred 27 years f> months and 1'J
day*.
CTRerr.ains at CharW J. H. M'-tzler> un-
<1<-rtaiinr parlors, fi.'(G Washington street.
CAXTORPH— In Oakland. Cal.. Fcbruar>- 14.
:'.>M. Axei L.. beloved husband at Kleonora
C and father "f Mrs. Matilda
and praridfa-thcr of nora^na and Kd-
jrar Smith, a native of Denmark, aged 74
years end 17 days.
CT'Frier.ds ami acquaintances art- respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Lo-f&orrow (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, at his
late residence. 4." Fifty-eiphth street. Oak-
land. Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
6IMONSON— In this city. February 13. 1WU.
Joseph Simonson. beloved brother of Mrs.
John H. lleinhardt, Mrs. Mary Lockwood
and Mrs. E. S. Seage, a native of New
York, afced 70 j-ears. (Denver. Colo,, and
New Tork papers please copy.
CTFriends and acquaintances and com-
rades of the O. A. H. are respectfully in-
vited to attend the funeral, which will be
held under the auspic*e of George H.
Thomas Post No. 2. O. A. R.. at their hall.
2"<« Post street, on Tuesday. Frbruary W, at
1 o'clock. Interment Georce H. Thomas Post
Plat, National Cemetery. Presidio. Remain*
at the parlors of A. W. Martin & Co.. 31U
O'Farrell street, until 10 o'clock Tuesday.
Remains will lie in state from 10 a. m. un-
til 1 p. m. Tuesday at Thomas Post Hall,
under a £usrd of honor.
EMITH— In this city. February 14. 1904. Cath-
erine, beloved wife of ("hariep J. Smith, and
mother of Huth Mildred Smith, and sister of
Margaret Carey, a native of Strokestown,
County Roscorr.mon. Ireland, aged 34 years.
GIT'Krif-nds and acquaintances are respect -
:ully invited to attend the funeral to-day
• Tuesday), at S:.i;) o'clock, from her late
residence. 1423 San Bruno avenue, thence to
6t- Peter's Church, where a requiem hiprh
n-.2!*s will be celebrated for th« re;>ose of her |
F-ul at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
ETCLIUNBERG— In Alameda. Cal., Febru-
ary 1". 1W4, William f-'toltenborg, a native
of Germany, aced S9 years.
VLAVTIN— In this city. February 14. 1904.
• t her residence. 894 Gretn street. Mrs.
Marie VlauUn. beloved wife of the late Pau!
P. Vlautin. and mother of Lillian M.. P.
Paul and Alirod K. \!autin and sister of
Mrs. M. Lewis and John and M. K. Bell, a
liative of Portugal, ugred ta years.
CTFriends ar.d acquaintances are resyect-
Jully invited to attend the funeral to-day
fTuesday). at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 804 Green street, thence to St Fran-
cis Church, where a re.;ulem hiph mass will
b? celebrated for the impose of her soul,
commencing at 9:^0 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. •
WWTKINS — In Oakland. Cal., February 15.
1MC4. Mm Phoebe T. Watkins. a native o r
New Jersey, sgf d 78 years 10 months ar 1
'S» days.
WILKINSON— Ertered into rest, in this city,
February 14. 19G4. Kur.lce A. WilJrtnscn.
beloved wife of E. J. Wilkinron. devoted
RioUier of Charles and Harr>er W.'.k. :..-•-.
and Mrs. Ella it: Marrhall ar.d Mrs. Kunice
A. Miller, a :...•■.. of New York, acred &5
E7Funeral will t2ke place from her late
residence., comer I5gy and Webster streets,
at 2 o'clock. Tuefday, February 16. Inter-
ment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
ZEPF— In Frultvale, Cal.. Frbruary 15. 1904.
Frank L.. beloi-ed son of Frank J. and Mary
Zcpf and brother of Fred and Adeline
>'.< pf. ar.d Mre. A. H. Geffeney of Seattle, a
native of Kan Francisco, aged 15 years 10
ir.onths and » days.
HEAL ESTATE THAXSACTIOXS.
mon-dat. FnimrAnT is.
City and County of San Kranc'jsco to Oolden
t-ta;? Land Company, lot on S line of Vallejo
ftrert. 142:9 AV of Parkin. S 27.'. W 20 N
IS7:li. W 42:9. ft 137 :«. E CS:3; *'- .
Emelie Bruman <wife) to Aaron Brurnan lot
on £ line of Golden Gate avenue 100 E of
Octavia. E 75 by S 137:6; $10.
John F. Schroth to William J Schroth, un
divided fifth of lot on S line cf Jackson street,
rn V. of Octavia. E 50 by S 127:S>4: $10.
John J. and Elizabeth Wall to California.
Title Insurance and Trust Company lot on S
line of Green. 124:7 W of Octavia, W 20-8 by
F j::7:C; $10. . ■ - ;
James E. Damon to John J "Wall !ot on E
line r,t Green street. J21:7 W o: Octavia, S
r/\ W to a pciat 126 \V of Octavia, N r.O to
tx-Xir.riryr. quitclaim deed; $10.
Konrad 8s. Kalherine Schneider to same lot
'•«.-r.::icnc!ng 100 S of Green street and 124-7
V.' of Octavia. S 37:6, W 29:11 X :>7-« F
T.'-.U; $10. • " ' - '
rNbccca E. Hooper to name, iot commencing
" 5 of Green street and 123:2>4 W of Octa
via. E 0:7U. S 25. W 0:S. U 25; $10.
Hannah C. Laccy to eame, lot commencing
B0 F of Green ttr»et and 124:7 W of Octavia
F 25 by TT 23:11; $10.
H. L. Oak to George R. "Williams lot on
SE corner ef Page and Buchanan streets E
09 by S 120; $.*0C.
J. P. Goodwin (by vrnHam Mitchell Tax
Collector) to II. L. Oa*. lot on SE corner of
Buchcnan and Page streets E Wt by S l"0
tax d"cd: SS0.
Bruce Cornwall to Jemima A. Togart lot
on F: line of Buchanan street, 87:6 S of Pare
F SO by n 100; $10. S '
P. B. and SacJa D. Cornwall to same lot
or. RE corner of Buchanan and Page streets
S S7:fi by E 100: 510. '
Ralph P. and Margaret M. ilerilHon to
ORDER F"OR THE
GREAT TWENTIETH CENTURY COOK BOOK.
Mall This Order to Tie San Francisco Call Wit* 750.
The San Francisco Call,
San Francisco. Cal.:
Inclosed herewith please find 75c. for which "send me one
copy of The Call's Great Twentieth Century Cook Book. (Fifty
Cents is The Call's Premium rate to all its six-month subscrib-
ers to the daily and Sunday paper, and the additional 25c is
to prepay shipping charges.)
siGNEr mmm
STREET *
CITY m
STATE '
PASTORS WORDS
YIELD RESULTS
Mrs. W. K. Vanderbilt and Her
Sister-in-Law Start Charitable
Work With- Gift »of $5000
ACCEPT RECTOR'S ADVICE
Both Women Will Add to Sums
Contributed for Aid of Poor
in the Tenement Districts
NEW YORK, Feb. 15.— Mrs. W. K.
Vanderbilt and her sister-in-law, Mrs.
J. Borden Harriman,* have determined
to" accept* literally and act upon the
advice recently given by the Rev. Dr.
Rainsford of St. George's Church, who
deplored the exclusive attitude of wom
en of wealth, saying that they should
take a more direct and active interest
in the affairs of those less fortunate.
Mrs. Vanderbilt has begun her work
by giving $5000 to -4he Presbyterian
Hospital training school for nurses,
with the condition that it be Bpent to
pond nurses into the tenement houses.
This sum, it is understood, will be only
a fraction of what she will devote to
the Fame purpose, if the work prospers
as she hopes.
Mrs. HarYiman has joined in the
movement, and both have determined
not only to supply funds but to give
liberally of their time. For the better
management of the undertaking a gov
'erning committee will be formed, of
which both women will be members.
SWEPT TO DEATH IN
TORRENTIAL STREAM
Portuguese Is Drowned Near Haw*
Idnsrflle While Attempting to
Cross Vreka Creek.
YREKA. Feb. 15. — Albert Lemos, a
Portuguese living at Hawkinsville,
near here, was drowned this afternoon
while* attempting to cross Yreka
Creek- The wagon and one horse are
lodged In a brush pile. The other horse
swam ashore. Lemos' bodv was last
peon moving swiftly down stream. The
bystanders had no chance to rescue
him. The stream is greatly swollen.
Hat tie E. Cowen. lot on E line of Buchanan
str.-*>t. 112 :<J S of Pine. S 23 by E 110; $10.
City and County of Fan Francisco to
Charlry J Krenan lot on E line of Scott
ftrwt, 100 N of Oak N 37:6 by E 100; $— .
Jc*ci*h F. A. an<l Mary de Cunha to William
GarD. lot on S line of McAllister street. 131:3
W of Lyon W 25 by S 137:6; $10.
II. U. (or Heanr LU and Nettie C. Over
flelrt to Charles Clarke, lot on NE corner of
Sacramento and Walnut streets. N 27:S\4 by
E S7:<".; $10.
Mary A. Barry to Catherine Hanlon (wife of
Daniel), lot on N line of Thirteenth street, 25
E of Elcin Park, E 25 by N 7. r .; $10.
Max and I^yla Grose to l>r>uls Gross, lot on
W line of Guerrero etreet. 108 M of Fifteenth.
S 2.'.. \V 131 :9. S 30. E 31:0. X 5, E 100; $10.
Michael Lane to Julia E. I^ine. lot on NW
corner of Hill and Church streets, N 3S by W
101 :S: $10.
Jacob L.. and Helena Ma this to Harry and
Lolita B. Simmons, lot on S line of Alvarado
street 101:9 W of Panchep. \V 1'5:5 by S j
114; $10. '
Julius C. and Minna Hansen to Teter H. !
Hansen, lot on E line of Colllncwood street, i
75 S of Eighteenth, S 25 by E 125; $10.
Ann C. Hart to Mary E. Carter, undivided
fourth of lot on NE corner of Battery street
and Broadway. E 275. N 229:2, W 137:6, S
12:11. W ««.«. Sn 25. E 68:«. S 45:10. W
1:J7:«. S l."7:«. 50 vara lot 327. Water Lots 14
i to IS and piece lying W of lot 14: $10.
Trindad Boulin to Auguste Rousset. lot on S
line of Green street. GS:9 W of Dupont, W
34:4^2 by S 137 :»i. and first and second parties
agree as* to above lot end lot adjoining on W
for space to be gtvtn for an alley; $10.
Auguste Rousset to Angelo Cuneo. lot on S
line of Green street. 68 :» W of Dupont, W
K4;4li by S 137:0, eubject to alley, 35 D. 127;
$io.
Sarah Harris (wife of Abraham) to Joe Har
ris Company, lot on E line of Powell street,
115:'J N of Greenwich. N 27. E 87:«. S 5. E 50. ',
S 1*2, \V lo":C; also lot on NE corner of Berlin
and Harry Ftreets. N 120:6, SE 133:104, S
j0:». W 120; also lot en K line of Pan Uruno
road and SW of Thirty-eighth avenue, SE
I <!! :2. SW ns:l>4. N 84:6. lor 2. block 64, Paul
| Tract; alto lot 8. block 2-X Paul Tract Home
fetcad Association; also lot on SE line of L
street and X line cf lands of Paul Tract Home
stead. E LC6:«. FW 80:1, NW ISO, NE :>7:5.
lots 7 and S. block 1I\ Paul Tract; also lot on
E line of Fan Iiruno street, «;:10 N of Thirty
*iphth avenue. N r;,S:2, PE 100:1, SE 95:4, lot
;«. block '>::, same: $10.
Davi'l F\ an1 Althea Walker to L. Scatena
Company and A. P. Glanninl Company, lot on
BB corner of Montgomery and Clay streets, E
CO by S XI :6, B and W 1U0 and 191; $10.
Robert C. Bo! ton. I>avid E. MellisH (trustee
estate of Frances P. IJ. Melliss) to Eliza M.
Holton, lrt on \V line of Jones street. C4 N of
Greenwich, N 7i:6 by W U2:«; I13.0C8.
Mary V. Harteis to Paul Blum, lot on PE
lino of Stevenson street. :!25 SW of Sixth, SW
25 by SE 75. quitclaim deed; $1.
nmi!y P. Briscoe to Isolene A. Cottinjjham,
!ct • n XK Ifne of Harriet ftreet, 75 SE of Bry
ant. Si: 25 by NE 73: $10.
i!ati!da A. ami Tillie A. Fleischmer to Wil
liam K Elfendah!. lot on S line of H street.
1"7(. W of Eighth avenue, W 25 by S 100; 510.
O:ty Hcaltj- Corr.pary to John F. and Mary
Fitzgerald, lot on S line of II ftreet. 107:6 E
of Fifth avenue. E 25 by S 95; $10.
San-e tfi William Dookman, lot on E line of
Fifth avenue. 75 N of Hugo. N 25 by E 95; S1O
William R. Christy to Ada I. MoMahan, lot
on W line of Seventeenth avenue, 100 N of N
etreet, N 50 hy W 12l»; $10.
Joseph and Jacob Harris to Joe Harris Com
pany, lot on XK corner of Thirty-ninth avenue
and V Mrert, E Ti":ti by N 100; also lot on W
line of l'cwell street. 100:6 N of Chestnut, "W
35 by W 87:«j; also lot en SW corner of Fran
cisco and Powell streets, S M h» W 87 :C; also
lot on S line of Broadway 137:6 W of Hyde
W 22:2 by S 87 :C; also lot on W linp of Powell
street. 62:« S of Chestnut. S 50 by W 1C0; J1O
! Ernest S. and Helene Burkhard to P. Emit
j ForFMrcm, lot on N corner of Naples street
and China avenue, NE 100 by NW 25, block 43,
Excelsior Homestead: $J0.
Frederic E. ar.d Bell M. Ma£ee to Peter
j Jensen, lot on S line of Richland avenue. 250 E
I of MiEsion street. E 25 by S 100. lot 20, block
G. French and Gilm&n Tract; $10.
Joseph Aschwander to Alfred and Agnes B.
Higsins, lot on NW corner of Brazil and Na-
I pies Hreetf, W 100 by N 00, block 47, Excel
sior Homestead: $10.
Triumph Loan Association to Adaline Tall
madtre and Isabel E. Boyer, lot on NW corner
of Twenty-third street and Hoffman avenue,
N 2B:G by AV 100. lot 107. Heyman Tract; $10.
Sanfoid Addition Land Company to Max
Hcflich. lot 35, block 4. lot 2. block 130, Sunny,
side Addition No. 1; *10.
Albert C. Aiken to John M. Glllesple. lot on
W corner of Sun Bruno road and Burrows
street. NW 2CC, SW 120, NW 42. SW 120, SE
248. NE 240. block 3, University Mound, quit
claim dred; $50.
; John M. Glllespie or GIIliEple to Abraham
i and Charles Rosenstcin, Fame; $10.
, Edward J. and Elizabeth F. Duffey to Al
j bert S. Weaver, lot on NE line of Belmont
street. 122:10% NW of Wlllard. NW 80:7}i.
W H2. SE <U, £E 44:0*£, lots 13 and 14. block
! F, Sunset Heights; $10.
i D. C. and Julia A. H. Henry to George W.
Hooper, lot on E line of Lotta street. 470 S of
Parnaisus. S :J0 by E 101. block C. Sunset; $10.
A. C. and Grace N. Soule (by T. I. O'Brien
and J. Bergez. trustees) to same. 1S50 D. 3CG
and 100S D. 172. same, trustees' deed; $3213.
Jens Stanly to Mar}' B. Waller, lot 34, gift
map 3; $10.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 1904.
AMERICAN SHIP W. F. BABCOCK
IS QUOTED FOR REINSURANCE
Vessel Is on Her Way Here From Baltimore — Was Reported
Ashore in Chesapeake Bay at Outset of Voyage, and Although
Pilot Denied Truth of the Rumor Underwriters Feel Anxious
Shortly after the American ship W.
F. Babccck left Baltimore last Septem
ber she was reported ashore in Chesa
peake Bay. Word was received later
ol her having been floated unharmed
and in condition to continue her barely
commenced voyage. Still later the pilot
that took the ship to sea was heard
from and he denied absolutely that the
vessel had been ashore or in any dan
ger. She had anchored on account of
the fog, he said, and the report of her
having been ashore vaa carried by
some one who sighted her after the
fog had lifted, but before she had got
up her anchor. The Babcock left Balti
more 129 days ago and yesterday was
quoted for reinsurance at 15 per cent.
The Babcock is one of the Sewall fleet
and is commanded by Captain Moxsen,
who was promoted to his present
charge for his gallant efforts in fight
ing fire on the ship Shenandoah, of,
which he was chief officer.
The American ship Bangalore is also
overdue, considerably more so than the
Babcock. She is out 177 days from
Baltimore for Port Los Angeles and Is
quoted at 15 per cent. The French
bark General Mellinet is out 137 days
from Xew Caledonia and 10 per cent
reinsurance is being paid on her.
The other overdues are quoted as fol
lo-.vs: Thcodor. 30 per cent; Martaban,
90 per cent, and Robert Rickmers, 15
per cent.
Spending S20.000.000 on Wharves.
The China Commercial Company's steamship
Clavering left Falina Cruz yesterday for this
port. Salh'a Cruz Is the new port of call in
Mexico for the vessels of this line and prom
ises to be one of the most important ports
on the Pacific Coast? With transcontinental
railroad communication almost coin-ilsted and
$20,000,000 worth of docks and wharves under
construction tbe Mexican port Is beginning to
be considered as a shipping point of no little
interest to the commercial world. Captain
Frederick Miller, who railed in at Kalina Cruz
when on Ms way to Acajutla with the little
tug Izalco, says that the port is being
equipped on a gigantic and strictly up-to-date
plan and that an enormous transcontinental
and trans-Pacific trade will undoubtedly flow
through there in the near future.. Most of
the harbor improvement work is being done by
a British contractor, who has under way work
for which he will receive more than 520,000,
000.
Completes Round Trip.
The steamer Charles Xelson arrived yester
day from San Pedro, completing; the first round
trip she has made since the collier Kdlth
brought her Into port a dismantled derelict.
She has been repaired and is strung and sea
worthy as ever. Captain Gunderson, whose
good judgment prevented the loss of a single
life when the coaster was abandoned, is still
in command. The Xelson left here January
28 for Astoria. She called here on the way
south to lar.d passengers and is back again,
ready for another trip.
Off Port for Ten Days.
The British ehlp Madagascar, which arrived
Sunday from Antwerp, was off this port for
ten days, battling with southerly gales. She
was 150 days on the passage and Captain
Macfarlane says that the worst weather of
the voyage was encountered off this coast dur
ing the last ten days of the long Journey.
Denderah in Collision.
The Kcsmos liner Denderah. bound, from
Hamburg for this port, has put back to Lon
don with her bow plates smashed and dented,
as the result of a. collision.
NEWS OF THE OCEAX.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping: Merchants.
'ihe shin James Nesmlth is Chartered for
lumber and piles from Seattle to Manila (lump
sum).
The German ship LIsbeth (on Puget Sound)
was chartered prior to arrival for lumber,
thence to Cork, U. K., at 47s 6d; if to two
ports, SOa.
Merchandise for 1 1 Ho.
The steamer Enterprise sailed on Saturday
for Hilo with an assorted merchandise cargo,
valued at $70,207, and including the following:
737 bbls Hour. 4359 lbs fresh meat, 372 lbs
dressed poultry. SI pkgs , table preparations,
3792 lbs dried fish, 15 pkes candy) ICO cs
canned - salmon, 52 bbls 15 half bbls pickled
salmon, 8541 lbs rice, 4400 lbs codflsh, 1025 lbs
4 cs meals, 3754 lbs 13 pkgs bread, 10,393 lbs
eugar, 31 pkgs raisins, 73 pkgs paste, 224 gals
28 cs whisky, 50 pkgs beer, 200 gals spirits,
£070 lbs 35 pkgs lard, 1895 lbs butter, 2609 lbs
cheese. 444 pkgs potatoes, 75 pkgs onions, 642
cs canned goods, 045 pkgs groceries and pro
visions. 10 pkgs fresh vegetables, 370 pkgs
fresh fruits, 49.043 lbs middlings, B241 ctls
barley. 165 ctls wheat, 109,543 lbs bran, 32
ctls corn, 32S» bales hay, 240 ctls oats, 62,500
lbs rice, laio lbs ham and bacon. 23.350 lbs
ealt, 1536 lbs tea. 22 pk&i baking powder, 5
pkgs vinegar. 6 cs splceB, ,45 C s boots and
shoes, 46 pkgs dry goods, 7(io C b coal nil.'10,
732 lbs 5 cs manufactured tobacco.. 26 pkgs
drug*. 9 bdls leather. 111 pkjts agricultural
Implements 7 cs hats, 154 pkgs white lead,
55 i>*ss paints and oils. 148 bxs «oaD 12 pkgs
electrical supplies. 46 bdls « pcsTron. 11 colls
rope, 223 «ka coal, 110 tin, 'matches, 3" bdls
BRITISH SHIP MADAGAS
CAR. WHICH HAD ROUGH
VOYAGE FROM ANTWERP.
steel. 113 pkgs nails, 250 bbls lime, 5ft tons
fertilizer. l!i,5ml ft lumber. 10 bbls tar. 2 pkgs
machinery. 2 coors live poultry, 40 mules.
Exports by the Kosmos Liner.
The German cteamer Mera of the Kosmos
line sailed en Sunday for Hamburg and way
l>orts with an assorted merchandise cargo val
ued at $57.4(17. to be distributed as follows:
For Mexico, $14,4!U; Central America, J10.414;
Colombia. 577.11: Ecuador, $31i<2; Peru, $10,231;
Chile. $SS75; Germany. S.4SO; England. ?40.,
The leading exports were as follows:
To Mexico— 103 cs 220 gals whisky, 52 gals
wine, 27 cs liquors, 9 casks beer, 4C0 lbs rais
ins, 102 crts potatoes, 40 crts onions, 10 bxs
freshj fruit, 19 pkgs groceries and provisions, 12
pkgs drugs, 27 cs canned goods, 5 cs salmon. 18
cs mineral water, '.i cs brandy, 1007 lbs ham
and bacon, 04 pkgs meals. 40 pkgs paste, 16,504
ft lumber, 410 cs dynamite. 728 kegs 400 cs
blasting powder, lfc'0 bdls shooks, S cs blast
ing caps and fuse, lt» pkgs windmill, 6.1 kegs
nails, H> <p; gasoline, l!j.*i bdls Iron bolts, 10 sks
coal, 10.1 Rks coke, 100 bdls eteel, 2 colls cord
age, 5 cs boots ami shoes. 1 pkg machinery.
To Central America— 055 gals wine, 490 lbs
hops, 20 cs canned goods, 51 pkgs groceries and
provisions, T20 lb« raisins, 325 lbs dried fruit,
2." tons salt, 2 bbls mineral water. .'{ bUs beer,
10.W0 lbs tallow, ll.ooa railroad ties. 10 sks
acid. 2t!2O lbs soda, 1 ti)0 lbs rosin, 208 -t>ars 48
bdls iron. 4 coils rope. Ill cs coal oil, 32,000 lbs
cement, 7 cs capi and fuse, 301 pkgs tank ma
terial, 12 kegs nails, 40 cs dynamite. 40 kegs
blasting powder, 207 cs gasoline, 2l,(iO0 ft lum
ber, ti bbls oils. .
To Colombia — 201 bbls flour. 1374 gals wine,
14,020 lbs sugar, .1773 lbs rice, 108,:>7o lbs malt,
5 cs salmon, 20 cs canned goods. 310 lbs rais
ins. 40 pkgs groceries? and provisions, 114U lbs
garbanzos. 1IKHI lbs lard, 15 pkgs fresh fruits
and • vegetables, :i00 lbs nuts, &00 lbs beans,
13,218 It lumber, 41 pkgs paints and oils, 128
pk&s blasting povder. 20 cs coal oil.
To Ecuador— . r >f0 bbls flour, 50 crts potatoes.
3 cs ca-.med good?, 40 cs gasoline, 3 cs matches,
SO bdls brooms. > ,
To Peru— «UiO bbls flour, 3S0O lbs codfish. 144
gals wine. V'MO lbs dried fruit, 624 cs salmon.
4^ pkgs paste, 42U0. lbs hams, 200 cs canned
goods, 24 en llfjuors, 19 pkgs groceries and
provisions, 070 Us butter, 2H12 lbs meals, 25,
407 lbs tallow. HC0 ft lumber, 185 bdls ehooks,
10 drums sulphk acid, 105 bdls 40 coils rope,
14 cs oils, 220; lbs shot, 1 bbl tar. 2 rolls
leather.
To Chile— ll'Jfl lbs shrimps, 25 pkgs groceries
and provisions, '110 cs salmon, 10 cs canned
goods. .{750 lbs Urd, 1545 lbs codfish. 66.0(4 lbs
pig lead, 2S pkjs machinery, 5.8 colls rope, 20
rolls paper, 1 cs dry goods. 1 cs boots and
shoes, 2 pkgs agricultural Implements.
To Germany-j 82 gals 7 cs wine. 5 as mineral
water.' 1 cs lltuors, 7 cs canned goods, 2 cs
codfish. i . .
Shipping: Intelligence.
/ ; ARRIVED.
/ MONDAY. February IB.
Stmr CharlM Nelson, Gunderson, 31 hours
from San Pecro.
Stmr Despttch, Levlnson, 120 hours from
Columbia River.
Stmr Alcazar. Johnson, 40 hours from San
Pedro. 1
Stmr Whjtesboro, Olsen, 41 hours from Port
Los Anreles.l
Stmr Elizabeth, Jensen. 4 days from Ban
don, via Eureka.
Stmr State of California, Thomas, 40 hours
from San Diego.
CLEARED.
Monday. February 15.
Stmr City of Puebla. Jepsen, Victoria and
Port Townsejid, P. C. S. S. Co.
Ger ship LIka, Jansen, Port Townsend, mas
ter.
SAILED.
Monday, February 15.
Stmr Noyo, Johnson, Eureka.
Stmr City of Puebla, Jepeen, Victoria and
Puget Sound ports.
Stmr Charles ' Nelson, Gunderson, Astoria
and Portland.
Schr Ruby. Korth, Bandog
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Feb. 15, 19 p. m.— Weather
foggy; wind SE.. velocity* of 40 miles per
hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
CRESCENT CITY— Sailed Feb 13, 3 p m—
Stmr Coquille River, ■ for San Frajicisco.
UMPQUA— Arrived Feb 13— Stmf San Ga
briel, from San Pedro. -
.PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Feb 15—
Ship William H. Macy. hence Jan 30.
Arrived Feb 15 — Dutch ship Nederland, from
Hamburg.
EVERETT— Arrived Feb 15— Schr Sehome,
from San p e dro.
BLAINE— Sailed' Feb 14 — Schr J. M. Col
man, for San Pedro. : -
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Feb 15 — Stmr
Newburg. hence Feb 11.
Sailed Feb 14 — Schr A. B. Johnson, for San
Pedro; schr Alert, for Guaymas. Feb 15 — Schr
W r . J. Patterson, > for Rcdondo.
Arrived Feb 15— Stmr San Pedro, from Eu
reka. ' ' ■••■'-'
TATOOSH— Passed : in Feb 15 — Nor stmr Ti
tania, hence ■ Feb 12, for ; Nanaimo. .
Passed Feb 15 — Bktn John C. Meyer, from
San Pedro for Port Townsend; Br ship Neth- '
erby, from Honolulu for Port Townsend: schr j
Defiance, hence Feb f>. for Falrhaven: schr ,
Carrter Dove, Irom Shanghai, for Port Town- ;
send. j
Passed in Feb 15 — Stmr Centennial, hence
Feb 12. for Seattle; schr Philippine, hence Feb
7, for Tp.coma. !
SOUTH BEND — Sailed Feb 15 — Schr Excel
sior, for San Pedro.
PORT HAKFORD— Sailed Feb 14— Stmr j
Cooa Bay. for Pan Pedro.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Feb 15— Bktn
J. L. Evlston, from San Pedro.
RAN PEDRO— Sailed Feb 14— Schr A. F. ;
Coats, for Columbia Rl\-er. Feb 15— Slmr Cen
iruli i. for Kan Francisco; n-lir Txmine, for
Ump<jua River.
TACOMA— Arrived Feb 15 — Stmr San Ma- J
teo, hence Feb 11.
ISLAND PORTS. !
HONOLULU— Arrived Feb 14— Bktn James
Tuft, from Newcastle, Alls.; schr W. H. Tal- ,
bot, from Newcastle, Aus.
Arrived Feb 1(5 — U S stmr Supply, from !
Guam. I
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW TORK— Ar>ived Feb 14— Br bark ■
Juteor>olls. from Ho Ho. u>
Sailed Feb 14— Br stmr Arabic, for Manila. ;
NORFOLK— Arrived Feb 13— Br stmr Me- ;
nantlc, from South America.
FOREIGN PORTS. ;
ANTWERP— In :>ort Jan 28 — Br ship Glau- '
cux, for Port Los Anselea: Fr bark Pierre
Loti. from Honolulu, via Cardiff.
Arrived Feb 12 — Bark Hcmeward Bound, j
hence Oct 11.
LEITH— Arrived Fell 12— Br ship Milverton,
from San Die^o.
In port Feh 1— Fr bark Edojytfd Detallle,
for Tyne and Puget Sound. *
ALGOA BAY — Arrived Feb 11— Br ship
County of Invernew^ from Orejjon.
GUAYAQUIL — Sailed Jan 16 — Ger atmr !
Nicarla. for Hamburjj.
NEWCASTLE, AUS. — In port Jan 12 — Br ■
bark Earl of Dunmore, for San Francisco.
CAPE TOWN— Sailed Feb 15 — Bark Charm- j
er, for Honolulu, via Newcastle, Aus.
VICTORIA— Arrived Feb ]!i — Br stmr Amur,
from Skagway.
NANAIMO — Sailed Feb 12— Br stmr "Wye
fleld, for San Francisco.
SALINA CRUZ — Sailed Feb 14 — Br stmr
Claverlng, for San Francisco.
MAZATLAN— Sailed Feb 11— Stror City of
Panama, for Sen Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS. \
NEW TORK— Arrived Feb 15— Stmr Bor- I
deaux. from Havre. j
HAMBURG — Arrived Feb 15 — Stmr Graf I
Waldersee, from New York.
BREMEN — Arrived Feb 15 — Stmr Frankfurt, .
from Xew York. ;
PLYMOUTH — Arrived- Feb 15 — Stmr Kaiser
Wllhelm dor Grorse. from New York.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived previous Feb 13 — •
Stmr America Marti, from San Francisco, via j
Honolulu, for Hongkong. ;
Movements of Steamers.
to arrive. "!:!-■ ' : ; '
Steamer. From. I Du«. k
Leelana vr Tacoma Feb. 16
Chtco Coqutlle River Feb. 10
Wellington... Oyster Harbor |Feb. 16
Mackinaw.... Tacoma IFeb. 10
Rainier j Seattle & Whatcom |Feb. 16
Lakme San Pedro ......Feb, 1C
Montara Seattle Febi 10
DelNorte.... Crescent City Feb. 1«
Jeanie .Seattle & Tacoma Feb. 16
Eureka Humboldt Feb. 16
Pomo Point Arena & Albion.. Feb. 16
Alameda Honolulu Feb. 16
U mat ilia Puget Sound Ports Feb. Ifl
AVyefleld Nanaimo IFeb. 17
City Panama. New York via Panama. {Feb. 17
Corona Humboldt (Feb. 17
Arctic Humboldt Feb. 17
Centralla San Pedro |Feb. 17
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Pts. Feb. IS
S. Monica. . . . San Pedro Feb. 18
Point Arena.. Mendoclno & Pt. Arena|Feb. IS
Santa Rosa... San Diego & Way Pts. [Feb. IS
North Fork... Humboldt |Feb. 13
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria IFeb. 19
Clavering.... Hongkng v. ManzanillolFeb. 20
San Pedro.... Grays Harbor Feb. 20
Tellus Oyster Harbor Feb. 20
Pomona Humboldt IFeb. 20
Queen Puget Sound Ports Feb. 21
Algoa.. Hongkong v. Yokohama Feb. 21
Centennial.... Seattle & Tacoma Feb. 21 !
G. Lindauer.. Portland Feb. 21 I
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. Feb. 21 \
Arcata • Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. Feb. 21
Anubis Hamburg & Way Ports Feb. •£!
Sierra Sydney & Way Ports.. Feb. 22
Santa Cruz... Newport & Way Ports. Feb. 22 i
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts. Feb. 22
Sequoia Grays Harbor Feb. 23
Coronado Grays Harbor Feb. 23
Acapulco New York vja Panama. Feb. 24 j
Memphis Seattle Feb. 24
Oregon.. Portland & Astoria |Feb. 24
Doric China & Japan |Feb. 26
City Puebla.. I Puget Sound Ports. .. .|Feb. 2U
v TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
February 16.
Pomona.... Humboldt 1:30 p Pier »
Chlco Coquille River ! 6 pm Pier 2
Arcata Coos B & Pt. OrfdjlO am Pier 13
Elizabeth.. Coquille River 1 6 pm Pier 20
February 17.
Rival Wlllapa Harbor 4 pm Pier 20
Bonita Newport -& Way. 9 am Pier 11
Oregon..... Astoria & Portland 11 ami Pier 24 I
Centralia... Grays Harbor..... 4 pm|Pier 10 I
Empire . Coos Bay direct:. 12 mJPier 13
S. Cruz Newport & Way..| 9 amfPier 11
February 18. i
S.Monica.. Grays Harbor...... 4 pm|Pler 2
Eureka..... Humboldt 9 am|Pier 13
Pomo Pt Arena & Albion fi pmlPier 2
StateCal... San Diego & Way. 0 ami Pier 11
Nevadan... Hono. & Kahulul. 3 pmiPier 25
Jeanie...... Seattle & Tacoma. i 5 pm|Pler 20
Rainier Seattle & Whatcm] 4 pm|Pler 10
j Seattle & Olympiaj 4 pmjPler 2
BEQUEST FUND
TO BE PROBED
Supervisors' Finance Committee
to Inquire Into Distribution
of Cash Left bv II. E.Robinson
PASSES FORAGE DEMANDS
Declares Poor Street Sweeping
Is Dne to the Lack of Of
ficial Supervision of the Work
The Supervisors' Finance Committee
decided yesterday to Institute an In
vestigation Into the manner of the dis
tribution of the Robinson bequest fund.
The committee cited the officers of sev
eral societies who have been beneficiar
ies under the fund to appear at its
next meeting: and give testimony as
to how the money received from the
fund had been utilized.
Supervisor Payot stated that the
terms of the bequest required that the
fund shall be used only for the relief
of women and children and he was
satisfied that the specific provisions of
the b«quest had not been complied with.
The committee approved demands
aggregating 5743 In favor of E. Algel
tlnger & Co. for forage furnished to
County Jail No. 2. The bills are those
that ex-Sheriff Lackmann had refused
to sign because the cost of forage used
during the six months ending Decem
ber 31, 1903, was $500 in excess of a
similar period in 1902. Lackmann said
he had instructed Superintendent Mar
tin not to order any more forage and
in the face of that instruction the ad
ditional bills were submitted. Martin
said he wa$ compelled to order more
forage because he had taken care of
horses belonginp to other city depart
ments. The committee saw no alter
native but to sign the bills, as the for
age was furnished to and used by the
city. The bills were ordered paid by
formal resolution of the Board of Su
pervisors.
The committee designated the room
now used by the Public Library as a
newspaper reading room as quarters
for boys awaiting trial before the Juve
nile Court. Other rooms In the base
ment of the City Hall Were allotted to
the Public Library for its uses.
POOR STKKET SWEEPING.
The Finance Committee also investi
gated the complaints that the streets
are being poorly swept, on which ac
count the bills of J. G. Harney and
Felix McHugh for January were held
up at the last meeting. L. M. King
of the Merchants' Association thought
the contractors were not using due dili
gence In cleaning the streets and that
they were employing men who are
physically incapable of doing the work.
Commissioners of Works Casey and
Woodward said the complaints regard
ing street sweeping were too general
in character. They urged that the
blocks on which poor work was done
be designated more particularly. Good
inspectors are supervising the work and
the contractors are being continually
fined for laxity, much to their dissat
isfaction.
Supervisor d'Ancona said he had no
ticed that seme streets were not prop
erly sprinkled, resulting In clouds of
dust rising when they are swept. In
ordering the bills paid the committee
expressed the opinion that there was
lack of proper official supervision of
the work.
DEFICIENCIES IX FUNDS. .
Expert Williams filed a statement
with the Finance Committee that there
will probably be deficiencies in the fol
lowing accounts on June 30, 1904:
Tax Collector's extra clerks." (10,793 70; as
sessment roll extension. $7409 05; burial of
Indigent dead. $1S9O: examining insane. $750;
reporters in criminal cases. $:{370; mainten
ance non-sectarian institutions. J62O; total.
$24,022 7.V
In the matter of commissions paid by
the State on collateral inheritance taxes
there is now $18,218 87 to the credit
thereof.
There is now available in the urgent
necessity fund the sum of $3456 83.
Get Damnses for Father's Death.
A jury in Judge Graham's court
yesterday gave to Emma E. Salmon
and Lurline Farmer judgment for
$4 300 damages against P. F. Rathjen,
a pork packer. The suit was for $10,
000 damages for the death of John
Farmer, father of the plaintiffs, who
was killed by being run over by a team
owned by Rathjen.
February 19.
Corona Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 0
February 20.
Pt. Arena.. Pt Arena & Mdcnol 4 pm Pier 2
San Jose N.' Y. via Panama. |12 m Pier 40
Alumeda... Honolulu Ill am Pier 7
Umatllla... Puget Sound Ports. Ill amIPier 0
Arctic Humboldt | 9 am|Pler 2
February 21.
Coos Bay... San Pedro & "Way. 9 am]Pier 11
North Fork, numboldt 5 pm I Pier 20
S. Rosa San Diego & Way. Ill amIPier 0
February 22. I I
G. W. Elder Astoria & Portlandjll amIPier 24
Alliance.... Eureka & Coos B.| 5 pm|Pier 16
February 25.
Queen Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Centennial.. Seattle & Tacoma. 10 am Pier 20
San Pedro. . Humboldt 10 amIPier 2
February 26. |
China China & Japan 1 pmlPler 40
Sequoia Grays Harbor 4 pm|Pler 10
Coronado... iGrays Harbor 4 pm|P!er J.0
FROM SEATTLE. ~
Steamer. For. I Sails.
Santa Ana.... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Feb. It!
Dolphin SkagVay & Way Ports. Feb. 16
Valencia i Skagway Sz Way Ports. Feb. 19
Cottage City..! Skagway & "Way Ports. |Feb. 19
J. Dollar I Valdez & Seward IFeb. 20
Farallon I Skagway & Way Ports. Feb. 22
Al-Kl I Skagway & Way Ports. (Feb. 23
Dlrigo I Skagway & Way Ports. |Feb 23
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to Saa Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
NOTE— The* high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; ' thi height
of tide is the same at bcth places.
TUESDAY. FEBRUARY 16.
Bun rises 8:59
Sun sets 5.49
Moon sets (new) 6:12 p. m.
0 |Time| ITIrnls Tlmel Tim! '
» 1 Ft. I Ft. 1 Ft. Ft.
? |H Wl |L W H W| l W
16 I 0:141 4.8| 5:10 . 2.6|11:18| 8.1| 5:441 0~2
17' 0:451 4.8 5:46, 2.5 11:53 5.0 6:12 03
18 1:OS 4.8 6:23 2.2 12:30 4.7 6:46 0.7
19 1:30 4.9 7:05 2.0 1:10 4.5 7:18 1.1
20 1:5U 5.0 7:51 1.8 1:50 4.3 7;53 1.5
21 2:24 5.0 8:38 1.5 2:J6 4.1 8:32 1.9
NOTE — In the above exposition of tbe tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of ths
day In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except -when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. Tbe plane cf reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office. U. S. N\. Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco, Cal..
February 15. 19OJ.
The Time llail on th« towpr of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly -at noon to-day —
I. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at S
p. m. Greenwich time. J. C BURNETT.
Lieutenant, U. S. N.. lacharr*.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
JjllraiEfe 1
PositiTely cured by these
Uttlo Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
Sect remedy for Dizziness, Xmsea, Drcrrsl-
u^s, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tengua
Pain in the Side, TORPID LD7ER. They
Regulate the Bowels Purelj Vegetable.
Small Pill. Small Dose.
Small Price.
OCEAN TbAvEL.
a>- Steamer* leave Saa Fran-
s(xi)£Z-£crSL cisco as follows:
/y? X«*V For Ketchlkan, 'Wrangel.
jByTOOSta V*\ Juneaa. Haines, Skagyay.
I I \\T^5»x\ 1 1 etc. Alaska -11 a. m.. Feb.
Vj\ \\ 9/ company's steamers at Seat-
For Victoria, Vancouver.
Tort Townsend. Seattle. Ta-
coma. Kverett. YCTmtccm— 11 a- m.. Feh. 13. 2T>.
2T). Mar. 1. Change at Seattle to this com-
pany's steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry. : »t
Seattle or Tacoma to N. P. Ry. : at Vancouver
to C. P. Ry. , „_
For Eureka (Humroldt Bay)— Pomona. 1:3^
p. m. Feb. 1«. 22. 2S. Mar. 5. Cbrona. 1:jO
p. m.,' Feb. 13, 19. 23. Mar. 2.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Anicelea an I
Redondo). San Dlejro and Santa Barbara— San-
ta Rn»a. Sundays. 9 a. ir.
State of California. Thursdays. 0 a. m.
For Ix* Angeles (via Pan Pedro and Eas.
San Pedro). Santa Barbara, Santa Cruz, llon-
terey, San Simeon, Cayncea, Port Harford (aaa
Luis ObiFpo) Ventura and Hueneme.
Coos Bay 9 a. m., Feb. 13, 21. S». Mar. 8.
Bonita. 9 a. m.. Feb. 17. 25. Mar. 4.
For Knsrnada. Masrtalena Eay. San Jose d"l
Cabo. Mazatian. Altata. La Pai. Smta Ro-
salia Guaymas (M«.). 10 a. m.. 7th each
I month. For further Information obtain folder.
I Right is reserved to change steamers or saiiln*
dates.
! TICKET OFFICES — 4 New Montgom-
ery st. (Palace Hotel). 10 Market st. and Broad-
I way wharvfs. Freight office. 10 Market st.
C £> HfXANN. tJenfral Pa.wenser Agent,
K 10 Market St.. San Francisco.
I Tbe Pacific Transfer Co.. 20 Sutfr St.. wi.l
call for and check bag;r.i«je from hotels and
residences. Telephone. Exchange 312.
AMERICAN LINE.
Plymouth — Cfcertoonr* — Southampton.
Frcm Xew Tnrk Saturdays at 9:30 a. m.
! Philadelphia ...Feb. 27|New York Mar. 12
. St Louis Mar. 51 St. Paul ■ Mar. 19
ATLAJfTTC TBAHSPOBT U27E.
• New York — louden Direct.
I Minnetonka Feb. 27. 2 p. m.
! Marquette Mar. 5. » a. m.
Minnehaha Mar. 12. 1:30 p. m.
Minneapolis Mar. 1!>. 7 a. m.
Only first-class passengers carried.
DOMISI03 UITS.
j Portland — Liverpool — Short sea pasaaK<*.
.Dominion Feb. 27'Vancouver ....Mar. 2(1
1 Canada Mar. VZ. Dominion .Apr. 2
BOI^AXD-ASIESICA LINE.
Xew Twin-Screw Steamers cf 12.500 Ton3.
1 Hew York — Rotterdam. Via Bouloime,
Sailing Tuesdays at 10 a. m.
i Statendam Feb. 2-". (Rotterdam ....Mar. S
', tAmsterdam ...Mar. l|Noordam Mar. 22
I frfteerage only.
BED STAB X.ICTE.
Nevr York — AntwerD — Paris.
! From New York Saturdays at 10:30 a. m.
! Zeeland Feb. 27| Vadcrland Mar. 12
i Finland Mar. ftiKroor.lamt ....Mar. 19
WHITE STAB £I2TC.
ZTew York — Qneenstown — Liverpool.
Sailin*; Wednesdays.
• CWric.Kcb. 24. 11 amiTeutonlc.Mar. IB, in am
! Maj«-*tic.Mar. 2. 10 am Celtic. . .Mar. IS, <? am
i Oceanic. .Mar. 9. noon! Cedric. -Mar. 23. 9 arr.
Boston — Queen itona — Iilveruool.
i Cretlc Mar. 3. Mar. 31. April 23
: Cymric Mar. 17, April 1*. May 12
! BOSTON MSDITEXIIIAIIEATI SERVICE.
Azores. Gibraltar. Naples. Genoa.
! ROMANIC Feb. 27. April 9. May It
i CANOPIC Mar. 12
: REPVT.LIC (new> Mar. 2ti
! C. I>. TAYLOR. Pawniter A*ent Pacific Coast.
; 21 Post St., San Francisco.
EffiKAPlES ftALtXAXpaiA, *^^jM
ROMANIC Feb. 27. Apl. 9. May 14
i CANOPIC Mar. 12
REPCFMC (new) Mar. 2»i
<Send for rates and illustrated booklet.)
These steamers are. the largest in the
Boston to Liverpool ouecSo^
CTMRIC.Feb. IS. Mar. 17. Apl. 14. May 12
; CRKTIC Mar. .1. Mar. 31. Apl. 28
I First-class. $€0 and $H3 upward, accord-
In* to steamer. For plans, etc.. address
WHITE STAR LINK. 77-81 State st..
Boston, or to C. D. TAYLOR, 21 Tost st.
o. #?. & /v. ca.
Oregon sails Feb. 17. TZ. March % 13. 2*.
April 7. 17 and 27. S. S. Oregon is temporarily
In service instead of the Columbia. George W.
Elder sails Feb 22. Mar. 3. 13. 23. Apr. 2. 12
; and 22. Only steamship line to PORTLAND
' OR., and short rail line from Pcrtland to ait
points East. Through tickets to all points, all
rail or steamship and rail, at LOWEST
RATES.. Steamer tickets include berth anil
meals. Steamer sails foot of Spear st. at 11 a,
m. S. F. BOOTH. Gen. Agt. Pass. Dept.. I
Montgomery St.: C. CLIFFORD, Gen. Agt.
j Freight Dept.. 3 Montgomery st.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
(ORIENTAL. STEAMSHIP CO.>
Steamers will leave wharf, corner First anfl
Erannan streets, at 1 p. m., for YOKOHAMA
and Hongkong, calling at Kobe (Iliogo). Naga-
saki and Shanghai, and connecting at Hong-
. ong witb steamer; for India, etc. No cargo
received on board the day of sailing.
Via Honolulu. Round-trla tickets at reduced
rates. For freight and passage apply at Com-
pany's office. 421 Market street, corner First.
■ W. H. AVERT. General A<rent.
Jfamburg-Jkmerican.
Bi-weekly Twin-Screw Service.
Tot Plymouth. Cherboursr, Hamburg.
Patricia Feb. 27 'Bluecher Mar. 24
•Moltke Mar. 3 »Moltke Mar. 31
Pretoria Mar l-JPennyslvanta ..Apl. 2
Waldersee ....Mar. 19 •Deutschland ..Apl. 7
•Grillroom and gymnasium en board.
XA2XBX7BO-AMEBICAJr I.I5E.
Offices. S3 and 37 Broadway. New Tork.
HERZOG & CO.. 4O1 CALIFORNIA ST.
OceanicS.sxo.ESB
S S. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu. Feb. 20. 11 a.ra.
S* S SIERRA, for Honolulu, Samoa. Auck-
'land and Sydney, Thurs.. March 3. 2 p. m.
S. S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Mch. 15. 11 a. in.
4l.SPHECIElSi 523S.KJ., Jj&..Ttt8t];&!,M3 EarbHl
rntyttOxUI EarkitSUfkrli. 7.?ia&lt
C0MPAGNI5 GEHEXALS TUA1T3&TI.1HTI37X.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. jhbm^
t-ailins every Thursday ir^-tead of ■'Sffijff^ft
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. Crora Pier 42. V^zSCsi*
North River, foot of Morton st. .
First class to Havre. $7i> and upward. Sec-
ond class to Havre, $45 and upward. GEV-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson Building)
New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coast
Agents. 6 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
Maxe I»land^MtdTTalIeJoSte*Tv»« rM .
Steamer GEN. FRISRIE or MONTICF.LLO— *
9:43 a. m.. -:15 and 8:3O p. m.. except Sunday
Sunday. 0:43 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leave Vallo'A
7 a. m.. 12:30 and 6 p. m.. ex. Sunday Sun
day. 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Fare, 50 cent* Tel
Main 1503. Pier 2, Mlsslon-st. doc*. MATrii
EROS. • — ~*v.ttCOMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Bas:k of Russia raises its rate of discount I per cent.
IVall-strcct Stocks firm on tlic day. Cotton lozver.
Local Securities quiet. Mining Stocks higher. '
Wheat futures higher. Xo change in Barley.
Oats, Com and Rye still fipnly held.
Hay, Bran and Middlings steady and unchanged.
Xo further change in the Bean situation.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs in large supply.
Provisions higher at Chicago, but unchanged here.
Nothing new in JVool, Hops and Hides.
Small Veal lozccr. Other Meats unchanged.
Potatoes in heavy receipt. Onions firm.
Southern Peas and Tomatoes lozver under heavy arrivals.
Rainy zeeather bringing in Mushrooms.
Poultry in light receipt and nominal.
Yesterday the last day of the Wild Duck season.
Xinc cars of Oranges sell at the auction.
Bank of Russia Rate.
The Imperial Bank of Russia ha* raised
Its rat* of d:*- s ount 1 per cent to 54 P^ r cent,
the Cm chanee since. 19U2.
Weather Report.
O20th MerHtan— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Feb. 15—5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
Ct to as comj<aml with those of same date last
season and rainfall in last twenty-four hours:
Ijact This Last
Stations — 24 hours. Season. Season.
E\ireka 4f>.70
lied Bluff O..-.4 1«.4» 17.51
8acr»mfnto 0.30 M.S8 11.24
Ran Francisco <t.ir> 10. ««7 11. 4R
Fresno Trace 1.73 5.72
Ir.flrpcnclenfe l.Sf
Pan Luis Oblspo 0.01 4.37 11. K5
Los Angeles 0.0 1.02 £.&»
San D:ego 0.0 1.31 9.05
THE COAST RECORD. ,
i s 2 5 i t~
» d* -sr 0; --»
§ miii a I
STATION. slS'li'igS I*" 5
: I I i i P
• ? ? •
£»r al; °n 2T1.7S r.l .12 P RaTii To
£ akl * r 23.40 <W 2t> SW cloudy .40
J;"-"" 0 -"».!>: «W 4S FE Cloudy T.
Flagstaff ....1*9.90 H 24 SW Pt Cldy'.OO
Pocatello 29.72 41! 1»> SE Cloudy .29
Point Bm,J>.C .'.2 .V> S Kain .58
i^f Anjrfle*. .2l».»tf «i« <.. js\v Cloudy OO
Vt Tp.ma!r>ais.2W.7« 46 42 S Haln 41
North Head..£S.4«i 44 :;s S Ooudy .«::•
I h'-wnix 20. Mi Ki 44 XW Clear .00
Portland 29.54 4»i 4G t=W Cloudy 1.74
Red F.:-jfT TA.tz r.« 41 SE Rain .r,4
Roccburg 2«.«2 4S .'a W Rain 2 14
Sacrammto ..2;».7K r.s r.2 PE Rain 30
Fait Lake 23. K2 .%S 24 NW Cloudy .01
San Fran 2>.»CJ f.K 4S S Rain .14
R L Obispo. ...'(O.O«» r.S M S Cloudy .01
Shi r>ie«;o r.«.»S 02 W> NTT Ooudv 00
F'attle 2S.50 46 .-!2 SE Cloudy ..'.4
Pp<'kane 20.52 42 IS S Rain .2S
Tatoosh 29.38 44 3<« FE Onudy 22
Wplla Wa!la.2».S« .'!fi 2« NE Rain .Ul
Jj""a 29>^ M .V) sw near .00
W E A TI IER COXniTir.XS AND GENERAL
A ptorm of c^Ryiderable fnprjry overlies the
Pa-iHc S|i r #. Vr.ectllfd »*>«tiier prevails. ov»r
thr': entire ecuretry m-^rx erf th»» Rocky Moun
ta.in}-. except in Arizona.
H«>avy rain has fallen in Northern California
and is likely to continue. High fouthprly winds
prevail at tea.
Condition* «r*> becoming more favorable for
rain in Suuthern California. Southeast/ norm
signals continue along the coast.
The following muximum wind velocities arv
reported: Point Reyes. «;2 miles rxr hour from
tfce Fouthfa^t; Farallon. 4S south: Mount
TarralpaiF. TM pouth: Red Bluff, H2 poutheast;
Ncrth Head. 3fi south.
Fureca^t mad<- at fian Francisro for thirty
hours ending midr-ight Frbruarj' l fi :
Northern CaMfiirnia — Rain Tuesday; brisk to
h.'ph Foutlicrly wind.
Southern f"alifornla — Cloudy. threatening
weather Tuesday, probably rain; brisk south
erly winds. 1 .
Nevada — Rain or enow Tuesday; high south
erly winds.
San Francisco and vicinity — Rsin Tuesday;
high southerly winds. A. G. McADIE.
District Forecaster.
EASTERN 3IARKETS.
Nczv York Money Market.
N1CW TORK. Feb. 15. — Close: Money on
call. rary. l\ifil\ per cent: closing bid. 14;
ofSered, 1%, per c*nt. T:me loans, 6teady; six
ty and ninety da>>. 3%fc4 percent; six months,
«l«4 l 544 r** cent.
Prime Mercantile Paper — l?i&SU per cent
Bterling Ei^hanse — S-teady, with actual busi
ness in bankriV hills at $4 ST..COS4 S5.fc5 for
c« r. i.m and at f>4 &2.S5&4 K2.C0 for sixty day I
"posted Tiates— $4 W'j5it 84 and $» 8C4.
< "omni^reial Bill* — H b2M.
liar Silver— 53c.
Mexican Dollar? — 154c
Government Bonds— Kte*dy.
Railroad Bonds — Steady.
A T ezv York Stock Market.
NEW TORK. Ftb. 13.— The stock market
to-«i*y marked time tnd at Intervals came to
a halt, but, tlight as was the demand for
•■tockB.' it was eurflrlent to maintain prices,
as the offerings were entirely insiginflcant.
There was no eign of liquidation, nor did the
professional traders \-cr.ture to take the short
«ic> of the market. In spite of the stagnant
condition of the trading, a condition that
usually invites seme aggression by profes
sional bears. There was nothing In the day's
news that seemed to have any influence upon
tlie market, beyond the negative influence of
the relief felt at the absent of selling pres
sure. The tpeelal demand from Baltimore last .
week for funds which counteracted the cur
rency movement to New York is expected to
continue this week, une estimates of the
probable shipments to b« made this week run
nine to improbable figures. The financial
world, horn-ever, is In a very corr.i>osed frame
of mind regarding the money outlook. In spite
of the Baltimore demand, the coming Panama
can&l payment and the continued temporary
borrowing by railroads, which receives a
" greater or less addition every day. The ab
stract of the reports of national banks through
out the country, as of January 22. shows some
comparisons «ith the condition of November
17 the period cf the last caJ! by the Con
troller which helps to explain this confl
uence While the totsl of loans for that period
has increased *o.T.e S.44.O0O.OOO. the reports of
j; cw York Clearinjr-bouse banks between the
nearest coreEpondini; dates thow . an increase
of f7S 000.000. The aErregate Increase of de
posit* which reached S124.OO0.O00. is also ex
reedei by the New York increase, which was
$130 OOO.C'00. It thus appears that the enor
mous increase tvl-.Jrh was noted in the New
Y<rk back leans during that time, and which
has pone rtili further tlnre them, wai accom
par.ied by an actcnl nhrtnka.ire in the loan ac
ecurit ct cthfr R&tlona! barks.
Of te-<5av's few noteworthy movement*, that
in AmalromcteHJ Copper was attributed to an
urt'-snre In the price of copper. The closing
■m firm, but nearly stagnant. The day's
1 ■■v'npjrg vrar the smallpft in nearly four year*.
The brmd market was also exceedingly dull
•rid the tone rteafly. Total sales. $1.21R.500.
United Ftatm l.oncl* were unrhan«r*>d en call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
ssfe: ?o,™ «>5R
Affalm Tfd 300 K9% KF4 J2%
'•..iUn:ore & Ohio. 7.700 77vi «7% 77%
Bait K Ohio pfd oS
<~:ina<l;Hti Pacific . 700 IJ7'.i 1104 H64
'Vntral of N J I 55
'hes & Olio 300 324 S2'/4 &V4.
Chicago & Alton 37»4
<~M k Aitcn pfd.. 2D0 6S»4 83 S2
Chi & Gt Western 400 15% I5»J 15%
Cli'cago & N W 164
Chi Mi! & Et P 7,000 140% 140 140%
C M & St P pfd 170
Chi Term & Tran 200 Q'i 0% 8%
Oh! T & T pM 200 20 10!* 19%
<: C C & Et Loulu 70U
<-olo Southern 200 16% J6% 16Vi
'olo So 1st pfd... 100 034 534 R3U
<>j1o Eo 2d pfd.., f . 234
1*1 & Hudson 300 10014 159% 1594
Del Lack & West 285
I>r.v*r A Rio Gr 20
I*n & pjo Gr pfd , «3
rn« 000 25% 25% 25%
Vr.e 1st ;:d 1.100 6t>^ W>i <A\i
Erie 24 pfd 200 <2'4 <=U *$)*■
Hocking Valley •*»
Hock Val pfd 100 S2li t2»i 8-'
Illinois Central ... 100 127H 127>i U7^
Iowa Central *°
Iowa Central pfd f>
K C Southern Jh _,
K C SO pfd 200 34% 34»i 84 -y
Louisv & Nathv.. 200 103", 103^ lOSJs
Manhattan L 1.000 142*4 142'4 H2r*
Metropol Securities 200 S8 S7V4 *«
Metropcl St Ry... 100 117% 117*, lltt
Minn & St Louis 60*
MSIP4SSU... 500 03 «H 6214
M StP&S S M pfd 300 124 123 / 121
Missouri Pacific .. 1.200 Sa*i i&hi. b9 r n»
Mo. Kar.t & Texas 1 G H
M K 4 T pfd *. 37
N R H of Mex pfd 36*4
N Y Central 5.000 115V» H3H 114%
Norfolk & West 200 5S M 58
Nor & West pfd 8*
Nrrthern Securities ****
Ontario & Western «00 21'^ 20% 20\
Pennsylvania 20.r>00 114% 114V, 114**
P C C & St Louis 60
Reading J.200 42Vi *- J2U
Heading \rl pfd 79
Reading 2d pfd 56>4
Rock Island Co S«0 22"* 22% 22Vi
Rock Ieland Co pfd 400 614 «1 6 i,
S<t L & S V 2d pfd 4^*
Ft Louis SW..... 100 14H 14VJ 14^ #
Pt Louis S W pfd. l"rt 33^ 4 33% 33
Southern PariftV .. 2.«lO 4«S 4fl% 40^
Southern Railway . 2-Kt 'jn% 2O' /4 20^,
So Railway pfd ... 31K) M% fel 81
TPxas & Faclflc ... 3C>O 23 22T« 2^,-i
Tol. St L .i West 24
T £t L & W pfd 34*4
Union Pacific 6.100 7S'i 77»i 78^
Union Pacific pfd f»»W
Wat>a«h 300 i*% 18Vi lf%
Wabash pfd .'■<*> 3.*>v, 35% 35%
Wheel & Lake E 15
Wisconsin fVntral 18
] Wlscrnsin Pen pfi. 100 42^i 42U 42
Express Companies —
j Adams 220
| American" .... 100
United State* 105
Wclls-Fargro 205
Miscellaneous —
Amalgam Copper.. 31.400 49 47=i 4S%
I Am <'ar & Found 1»V4
Am Car & F pM.. 2(10 (BK CS% 68\fi
Amer rotton Oil 2DH
Amor Cot Ol pfd 88
I American Ice 200 7; 8 7?» 7H
i American Ice pM.. tiOO 31 29% 20
Amer Linseed Oil O 1^
Amer Lin Oil pfd 27
Amer Locomotive.. 400 22 2134 21 lj
Ampr I-oco jifd 78
Amer Smelt & n<>t. .TOO 4S'£ 4RVi 48'^
Am S & Ref pM. . 1OO 00% 90% «0»4
Amer Sugar Ref.. l.."J0O 12S}4 124Vi 125 ! 4
Anaconda Min Co CO
Brklyn Rap Trang. 11.000 4H% 43 43^
Colo Fuel & Iron.. (>00 :«V« 32U 324
Consolidated Gas... 8,100 1944 191 194
Corn Products C00 ISVi 18%' lSVi
Corn Products pfd 70
Distillers" S*>cs> 2.'ti£
General Electric... frOO 1«UV4 1»S> 16t)i^
International Paixr 100 114 114 11%
Interntl Paper pfd 65
International Pump 33
Interntl Pump pfd 714
National Lead 100 154 1SU 15%
Ncrth American... 300 SG 8S4 85V4
Pacific Mail 28
People's Gas 1.300 1014 10OT4 101%
Prffppd Stw! Car 294
Prised S far jjfd «»4
Pullman Palace Car 210
Republic Steol 200 8 8 7%
Ueputlic Steel pfd 434
Rubber Goods 400 19*4 19U 19%
Rubber Gofjis pfd .'. . . . .• 7a'
Tcnn Coal & Iron.. 600 37% 37 37'*
U S Leather 300 7V» "i% 7M,
U S Leather pfd .' . 76%
U S Realty 600 S R 7%
U S Realty pfd 300 f.5>,4 M^4 544
U S Rubber 2<X) 11% 11% 114
D S Rubber pfd... 100 48% 4S">4 48
U S St^el 3.400 11% 11% 114
D S Steel pfd 19.000 SS 57>i 57»4
Westinghouse Elec 100
Western Union 500 S74 874 S74
Total sales 174,300 shares.
UNITED HAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK. Feb. 15. — Bend transactions of
United RaiIrca«Js of San Francisco: 10,0uy at
179 374-
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY.
NEW YORK. Feb. 15.— American Can Cora
"pary: Common — Bid. $3 75; asked, $1. Pre
ferred—Bid, $.J4; asked. 535.
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ret 2s reg..lO4»4 Manhattan c g 4s.lO4
Do coup 104% Mex Cent 4s 65
Do 3s rtg 100 Do 1st Inc 13
Do coup 106 Minn & St L 4s. 07
Do now 4s reg.i:s2^i M K & T 4s !»7%
Do coup 132 U Do 2ds 774
Do old 4s reg. 107 N R R of M c 4s 74
Do coup 107 N Y Cent g 3^8. O7T4
Atrh gen 4s !)3% N J Cent B 5s.". .1:514
Do adjt 4s 87k Nor Pacific 4s...H:3
Atlantic C L 4s. 92**, Do 3s 70%
Balto & O 4s...l01'<, Nor & W c 4s... 97^
Do 34? 93% O S L 4s & Par. 91%
Cent of Ga 5s...lO5V4 Penn conv 34».. S5«i
Do 1st Inc 70 Reading Gen 4s.. 9CV4
Ches & O 44s...ia«i,J St L & I M c 5s.ll3
, Chi & Alton 3><.s. 7r>»4 St L & S F fg 4s. 82
C B & Q new 4s. 91% St L S W lsts... o:Pi
C M & S P g 4s.lOS4 Seaboard A L 4s. <i7
Chi * N W c 7s.l23% Southern Pac 4s.. SS%
C R I &. P U n 4s OS4 Southern Ry Tm..ili%'
Do col r.s 81 Tex & Pac lsts. 1104
CCC&SLg4#. 07>; Tol fit L & W 4s. CO
Chi Term 4s 784 Union Pacific 4s. .102%
Con Tobacco 4s. 55*1 ', Do conv 4s .... 9<!' / 4
Colo & Ho 4s K.-» O S Steel 2d Cs. 73
Denver & R G 4f. f)8 IWabwh lets 1154
Erie prior lien 4s. 074 1 Do Deb B .... 62^
Do Gen 4* S54> Wheel & L E 4s. 804
Ft W & DC l*tR.104 ! «,i Wis Cent 4s K!>%
Hocking Val 4Us.lO44 i Colo F & I c 5s. 72
Louis & U unl 4*. 9Si.;l
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 10 Littio Chief 07
! Alice 18 Ontario 4 50
Breece 10 Ophlr 4 CO
Brunswick Ccn .. 05jPho<rnix fn
Comstock Tunnel.. 00 Potosi 12
Con Cal & Va 1 70, Savage 37
Horn S!H-cr 1 20j Sierra Nevada CO
Iron Silver 1 05 i Small Hopes 2O
Leadvllle Con 02! Standard 2 60
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Money — Werting Common. 8S
Cs.ll loans 34^4 Mining-
Time tears 44S5% Adventure 2
Bonds — Allouez 4l(i
Atch'.ron 4s 87% Amal Copper 48"*
Mex C?nt 4s C3 Blngham lfla:
Railroads— Calumet & Hecla.443
Atrhiron C7%| Centennial 17---J
Do pfd 89% Copper Range... 41 '
Boston & Albany.2134 Daly Weat ::4>i
Boston & Malne.lM Dom Coal M
Boston Elev 137% Franklin 84
Fitchbunr pfd 135 We Royale .... ~U
Mrx Central 10 Mohawk 35
X Y. N H & H..194 Old Dominion.... 914
Union Pacific 78% Osccola r,6U
Amer Sugar 128 Parrot zw
Do pfd 124 Qulney 85
Amer Tel & Tel..l22'A Tamarack 100
Dom Iron & S.. R3V* Trinity 4%
Gen Electric .... 65 US Mining 20%
Mass Electric... 21 Utah 32%
Do pfd 77 Victoria 1 14
United Fruit 09 Winona ail
U S Steel 11% Wolverine 70
Do pfd '. 87%
Nczv York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. Feb. 18. — The cotton market
opened quiet at a decline of 0G12 points on
liquidation and room selling In the absence of
bull support. Shortly after midday a well di
rected bear drive brought about a heavy liqui
dation. The market closed at the bottom, net
declines of 49^109 points being registered, with
the tone weak.
NEW ORLEANS, Feb. 15.— While the Mardl
Grss rerUvitles Interfered eomewhat with bu«l-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 10. lflO*.
ness, the day's session In the cotton market
was sufficiently exciting. Selling orders came
almost wholly from commission and private
wire houses and caused a net decline for the
day of 10s to 10!) points.
Nczv York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK, Feb. 15.— FLOUR— Receipts.
S2.155 barrels: exports, II. CIS barrels. Firm
and held at 10c higher.
WHEAT— Receipts, 39,000 bushels. Spot,
•trong; No. 2 red, $1 elevator. Options ruled
actlvo and closed HtronR at 2!ff2%c net ad
vance. May closed at W)}»c; July, 05 7-10c;
September. S9c.
HOPS— Firm.
HIDES — Firm.
WOOL— Firm.
PETROLEUM— Quiet.
COFFEE— Spot )lio. nominal: No. 7 invoice.
7^c; mild, steady; Cordova, 8?i011%c. Cof
fee futures opened irregular at a decline cf 40
to 70 points on liquidation nnd selling by Im
porters. Ruled weak throughout the day and
closed frteady at a decline of 50 to 70 points.
Sales. UtS.OOO bags, including: March, 5.S0®
5.U5c; May. 3.MK«t>.10c; July. G.lOfKUtOc; Sep
tember, (;.30^(J.e0e: December, (J.t;5<gC.S0c.
SUGAR — Raw, steady; refined, steady.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market con
tinues quiet, with demand light. Common are
quoted at 44: 3c: prime, 5isQ5!ic; choice, 5%@
6c; fancy. tifiiiTc.
PRUNES— Aro in fair Jobbing demand and
rule steady at from 3%c to ti'.ic, according to
grade.
APRICOTS— Are quiet but firm, with choice
quoted at OViftlOc; extra choice, lOU^lOvic;
fancy. l.'^lOc. ■
PEACHES — Quiet, with choice quoted at 7}i
©7-;*c; extra choice. SUc; fancy, SQlOc.
Nczv York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. Feb. 15.— Tin was higher In
the London market, advancing £1 7s Cd to
£127 17s iid for spot and 12s (5d to £127 10s for
futures. Locally tin was firmer, with spot
quoted at J2S ."Kvg20.
Copper also advanced in London, spot £1 2s
t)<1 to £57 5b and futures 12s tkl to £5« 10s.
Locally copper was firm, with lake quoted at
$12 ."iiKi 12 75, electrolytic and casting at $12 25
©12 50.
Lead was unchanged at 54 45ig'4 50 in the lo
cal market, but in London declined 2s 6d to
£11 12k 6d.
Spelter was firm at $4 00CT3 in the local mar
ket and fn London was unchanged to £21 15s.
Iron In Utascow closed at 50s (id and In Mld
dlesbnro at 42g Od. Locally Iron was un
changed. No. 1 foundry. Northern. $l.ViM(i;
No. 2 foundry. Northern, $14^15; No. 1 foun
dry. Southern, and No. 1 foundry. Southern,
fcoft, $13 75(gl4 25.
Visible Grain Supply. .
NEW YORK, Feb. 15.— The visible supply
of grain Saturday February 13, as compiled
by the New York Produce Exchange, is as fol
lows. Wheat. 3S.21ti,00O bushels; decrease,
9^2.000 bushels. Corn. 7,711,000 bushels; d»
creane. 308, 0U0 bushels. Oats, 7.7G4.000 bush
t\*; Increase. 1*52,000 bushels. Rye. 1.100,000
IiupIipN; Incrpase. 34,000 bushels. Barley, 4,
(514,000 bUEhels; decrease, 15S.O0O bushels.
Chicago Board of Tirade.
Futurc Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO. F£b. 15.— A new ' high record
price was reached to-day in wheat for May
delivery— OS cents a bushel. With the war
advancing foreign grain markets, the visible
Ktipply diminishing and with crop prospects
in the Southwest threatened by the cold
weather, short selling of the May option was
practically abandoned, July absorbing mot>t
of the new business. Closing pricesiwere near
the top, with May %c above Saturday's final
figures.
The wheat market was bullish from start
to finish. Higher prices at Liverpool and Ant
werp, together with cold weather in th« South
weft, where the ground lacks sufficient snow
covering, caused an opening advance in May
of %c to %c. initial sales being made at
Sti'^c to l)ti*ic. Julf was up % r iihio to
\±<fl%c at S»c x.o.tO'X.Q. There .was' an .unu
sually Bond demand lor the July and Septem
ber deliveries, but owning to the congested
condition of May much difficulty • was expe
rienced in executing orders in that option on
either side. Offerings wi-re remarkably light, !
and on that account little difficulty was en
countered in forcing prices upward. Commls- !
sion houses were active bidders for July, and '
f-horts covered both May and July. Before
the end of the flr«t half-hour May had ad- i
vanced to 9~V,c and July to K»%e. The lead- |
Ing long had wheat for sale on the advance, :
as also did the Fmall holders. Under this
profit-taking celling- the market had a slight
setback. May declining to l)04c and July to
K) l ic The demand, however, was of the best
possible character on the reaction. A report
that the visible supply was greatly increased '
helped to create added strength, and the dl.<
position to buy on the domestic situation was i
more pronounced. The strength of cash wheat
In all markets was again a dominating infln
ence in the speculative trading. The market
was extremely bullish during the last hour.
Under active covering by shorts the price of
May touched a new high record mark at OSc,
while the July option sold up to 9u%o. The
market reacted ellghlly on the profit-taking,
but the dose was strong, with May at I»7v4c
and July at 904c Clearances of wheaf>and
flour were equal to 284,000 bushels. Primary
receipts were 949,000 bUEhels, compared with
704,400 bushels a year ago. The amount on
passage increased 2,112.000 bushels, while the
visible supply decreased 82.0O0 bushels. July
closed 1%®1%c up. May corn was l%giv :( c
higher; oats unchanged, and provisions 10c
to 274c hicher.
Corn phowed independent strength on an
active ceneral trade. Like wheat, it was
helped by the foreign situation. May opened
Vic to 4c higher at 55c to SS^ic, sold up to
50%c, but reacted on profit-taking, the close
being at 5C4@50Ue:. July showed a final
gain of 4©%c, closing at 53%i@53%c. Local
receipts were B08 cars, two of contract grade.
Oats felt the effects of the war and the in
dication of an increased trade, sharing the
bullish proclivities of wheat and corn during
the greater fart cf the session. Final figures
In May were* precisely where they left off
Saturday. The opening v.-as 4c to %c higher
at 44'4c to 444c and after selling up to
45c, closed at ii%r. July closed ',<,c higher
at :59?ie. Local receipts were 400 cars.
The provision market was comparatively as
active and strong as the grain markets.' In
the face of liberal receipts of hogs a,nd lower
prices at the yards an urgent investment de
mand was manifested during the entire day
which resulted in marked gains. Packers and
local longs were the principal sellers. The
close was strong, with prices near the top
May pork was up 274c at $15. after ranging
between $14 80 and $15 03; May lard closed
10c higher at $7 75, while ribs were 10111240
higher at $7 174@7 20. T1
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High. Low. Clo«e
' Wheat No. 2 —
May 9C«i 98 9GV4 07%
July M% 00% 89 004
September bZ% 804 85 80%
Corr. No. 2 —
February c>i/.
May r>5V4 5«% B5 r>ti'i
July C3 03% 52% 634
Oats Nc. 2—
February .... .... 41%
May 414 45 44 444
July 39% 40 39% 39>4
September 33% 344 33% 3JU
Mess Pork, -per bbl—
May 14 80 15 05 14 SO 15 00
July 14 774 14 90 14 75 14 t>7U
Lard, per 100 lbs—
May 7 674 7 80 7 674 7 75
July 7 824 7 874 7 824 7 824
Short Kibs, per 100 lbs —
May 7 10 7 20 7 00 7 20
July 7 25 7 324 7 224 7 30
Cash Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO. Feb. 15. — Cash quotations were
as follows: Flour, steady. -No. 3 spring
wheat, S5ff»Cc: No. 2 red, 93%@?1; Xo. 2 corn.
52c; No. 2 yellow. C2c: No. 2 oats. 44c; No. 3
white. 424®45c; No. 2 rye. C4c; good feeding
barley, 40?T42c: fair to choice malting. 4C*?
5Sc; N». I flax seed, $1 114: • o. 1 Northwest
ern, $1 18; prime timothy seed, XI 10; mess
pork, per bl. $14 774W14 90; lard, per 100 lbs.
$7 r>2Vi#7 55; fhort ribs Fides (loose), $0 85fj}
7 10; short dear Bldea (boxed). $7 124@7 25;
whisky, basin of high wines. $1 27; clover, con
tract grade, $10 75, •
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 20,900 13.100
Wheat, bushels 80.000 • G0.500
Corn bushels 340,700 137.200
Oats bushels 187.100 137.000
Rye. bUEhel? -7,3C» 3.500
Barley, bushels .....' 43.300 10,700
- Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
CHICAGO. Feb. 15. — On the Produce Ex
change to-day the butter market was firm;
creameries 150254c! dairies, 134@22c. Egg*,
firm : 2%®30c. Cheese", steady to firm ; 10#
10 V 4C.
ELGIN. 111., Feb. 15. — Butter ruled firm on
the Board of Trade to-day at 20c per pound,
an advance of IVic from last week's quota
tions. Sales for the district last week were
427,300 pounds.
Livestock Market.
. CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Feb. 15.— CATTLE— Receipts, 2T,»
000. Steady. Good to prime steers, $4 75@
5 Ci5; poor to medium, $3 50#4 50; stackers and
feeders, $2 25@4 15; cows, $125@4; heifers, $2
©4 75; canners. $1 25@2 50; bulls, $2@4 10;
calves, $3 50® 7 25.
HOGS — Receipts: To-day, 45,000; to-morrow,
25.000. Steady. Mixed and butchers, §4 9O@
5 25; good to choice heavy, $3 20@B 30; rough
heavy, $4 05@5 15; light, $4 65@5; bulk of
Bales, $4 90(ff5 15.
SHEEP— Receipts. , 35,000. Sheep, steady;
lambs, easier. Good to choice wethers, 4@4 55;
fair to choice mixed, $3 5004; Western ihoep,
$3 50J/5 55; native lambs. $3 90@6 15; Western
lambs, $5 25@0 10.
ST. JOSEPH.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., Feb. 15.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts, 1C0O. Steady. Natives, $2 50@3 15;
cows and heifers, fl 50@4; etockers and feed
er?. $2 tl5ff4 10.
HOGS — Receipts. 40,000. Steady to 5c lower.
Light. $4 75W5: medium and heavy, $4 !)0®5 15. .
SHEEP — Receipts, 2000. Active, 10015c
higher. Lambu, $5 90; yearlings, $5 13; ewes,
$4 <J5.
Miscellaneous Markets.
Foreign Futures. -
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — March. May.
Opening 6 6% 6 5^
Closing 6 7 0 OH
PARIS.
Wheat — ' Feb. May- Aug.
Opening Holiday.
Closing Holiday.
Flour —
Opening Holiday.
Closing Holiday.
f -
St. Louis Wool Market.
ST. LOUIS, Feb. 15. — Wool— Nominal. Me
dium grades, combing and clothing. X~Q'l\c;
light fine. 15@17%c; heavy fine, 12@14%e; tub
washed, 20<§30 %c.
• Northern Wheat Market.
. WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Feb. 15.— WHEAT— Steady. Blue
tteni 81c; club. 76c. • ,
OREGON.
POP.TLAND, Feb. 15.— WHEAT — Walla
Walla, 70c; Bluestem, Sic; valley, 80c. .
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
The only change of note was an advance of
*ic in Silver. ■■» • . . ' ■ - I
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 83% '
Sterling Exchange, sight — .4 fiSVi '
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 87Vi i
New York Exchange, sight — . 12% I
New York Exchange. ; telegraphic. — 15
Silver, per ounce — 59
Mexican Dollars, nominal 44 ©45
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT — Liverpool futures were higher. It
was a holiday at Paris. The world's shipments ;
for the week were as follows. In quarters: ;
Russian. 287,000; Danubian. 76,000; Argentine, |
2'J.*>,000; Indian. 21.000; Australian, 125,000. i
Chicago was deridrdly higher, with large
gnneral siK-culatlve buying, with the war the
underlylng influence. The Southwest Is eom
plaiuir.g Fomewhat of dry weather. In this
market futures were higher, but the cash grain .
remained unchanged.
CASH WHEAT.
California Club. $1 37%@1 42%; California
White Australian. $1 45@1 50; Northern Club. 1
$1 SSftGl 41U: Northern Bluestem. $1 47^0 j
1 50: Oregon Valley. $1 40.
FUTURES.
Session 0 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May 51 4OV4 $1 42& $1 Wj, $1 41%
December ... 1 30 1 36 1 36 1 36
2 p. m. Session.
* Open. High. Low. Close.
May $1-12 $1 42U $1 41% $1 42U !
BARLEY — Opened the week flrm at Satur- |
day's <]uotaticns. The demand for cash grain '
was fair, and on the lines previously Indicated. !
Nobody firms to know exactly how much the
Oriental demand will call for, but the quantity
will be large enough to. make itself felt.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed SI 11M<31 13%; Shipping, and Brew
ing |1 17Vi«a 18%; Chevalier. $1 17&&1 40
for fair to choice.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Opwi. High. :u>w. l Close.
December ...$1 04% $1 04*. $1 04% $1 04&
2 p. m. ' Session.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May $100 $109 $109 $109
December ... 1 O4<4 1 04% 1 04Vi 1 04%
OATS — Steamers from Oregon and Washing
ton brought down ii,'.iu:s ctls, mostly to the
local mills* so the offerings in the open market
Will rot be materially augmented. The feel-
Ing '- firm and holders exact full figures. ■
White $1 27M,@1 37%; Black. $1 2501 55;
Red. $1 25@1 32% for feed and $1 30@l 35 for
seed; Grays. $1 32% per ctl.
CORN — The market continues flrm and un
changed, though the demand is not very brisk
at the moment.
Western sacked. $1 35 for Yellow, $1 35 for ■
White and $1 32% for Mixed: California large ,
Yellow, $1 40; small round do, $1 50; White,
$1 37% per ctl: Egyptian. $1 42% for white
and $1 25 for brown.
RYE— $1 30® 1 22% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $1 75®2 per ca
. Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $4 60©
4 £5 usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $4 505ft CO;
Oregon and Washington. $3 00®4 20 per bbl for
Family and $3 90Q4 40 for Bakers'.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices' in packages are as
follows: Graham Flour. $3 25 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour $3 25; Rye Meal. $3: Rice Flour,
$7; Corn Meal $3 25; extra cream do. $4; Oat
"Groats. $4 50; Hominy, f4@4 25; Buckwheat
Flour $4 504T4 75; Cracked Wheat. $3 75: Fa
rina, $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled
Oats bbls. $7 25@8 60; In sacks. $0 75®8 10;
Pearl Barley $6; Split Peas, boxes. $7; Green
Peas. $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuffs.
All quotations remain as before and Hay and
Feedstuffs are quoted steady to flrm all along
the liw.
BRAN— $21622 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $27 50@29 per ton.
SHORTS— $21«j.22 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $23@24 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $29 50@31 ;
jobbing $32; Cocoanut Cake, $21022; Corn
Meal $28 rjO{?20 50: Cracked Corn. $29S30;
Mixed Feed. $22@23; Horse Beam, $30©
40 per ton; Broom Corn Feed. 90c per ctl.
HAY— Wheat $15@1S; Wheat and Oat. $110
17- Oat ' $14®17; Wild Oat. $14@1C; Barley,
$12@14 50; Stock, nominal— none here; Alfalfa.
$12©13 50 per ton,
STRAW— 50&75O per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
No further changes > In quotations, are re
ported and In all respects the situation is as
before stated. Not enough rain has yet been
received in the southglo affect Limas, which,
still rule, firm. «• • .
BEANS— Bayos. $2 25©2 50; Pea. $3; But
ters, $3 50; small White- $2 75@3; large White,
$2 20®2 55; Fink. $2 90®3 10; Red. $4 25®4 50;
Lima $3 2503 30; Red Kidneys. $4 25@4 60;
Blackeye. $2 15@2 25 per ctl; Horse Beans.
$2®2 50
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $3 50; Yellow Mus
tard $2 C5{*2 SO; Flax. $1 8001 flo : Canary.
6<35kc for Eastern: Alfalfa. 14©14%c; Rape,
l'/i©2c: Timothy. C@6%C: Hemp, li\i@^c per
lb; Millet. 3@3%c; Broom Corn Seed. $20@21
Pe r>RIED PEAS— Blackeye. $2 2502 50 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Receipts of Potatoes were 11.519 sacks In
cluding 8097 from Oregon. The demand among
retailers and Jobbers was still rather light and
th* top price of Oregon stock, ex-steamer, was
shaded, liivers moved slowly, but the few
dealers who controlled the market were flrm
In their views arid prices were maintained.
Sweets were In fair request and choice lots
were easily disposed of at a slight advance.
Two cars were on sale. Onions ruled firm at
uncharged rates. Receipts were lam sacks,
nearly all of which -came from Oregon.
Prices of Peas and Tomatoes from Los An
geles ranged lower under heavy receipts and a
liberal carry-over from Saturday. Nearly 200
packages of each came In. : Receipts,, of other
vegetables from the same region continued light
and prices of choice lots were well sustained.
There were some very poor String and Wax
Beans offering below the minimum quotations,
but they were . hard to sell. Mushrooms were
suddenly plentiful and ruled weak at sharply
reduced prices. 1 Sales by the box were fre
quent and there was quite a quantity unsold
at the close. Small lots of Asparagus came In
from the river and sold at 50c per pound. .
POTATOES — Burbanks from the river 05c©
$1 10 per ctl; Oregon Burbanks, $1 10a
$1 25 per ctl: Petaluma Burbanks. $1 05 per ctl*
River Reds, $1®1 10 per ctl ; Garnet Chiles, 90c@
$105 per ctl; Early Rose, 90c@$l 05 per ctl;
Sweet Potatoes. $2@2 10 per ctl.
ONIONS— Yellow. $2 25 per ctl for Oregon
and $2 60 for Nevadan; Green Onions, 50<SC5c
per box.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, 4@flc per lb;
String Beans, . 12%®17%c per lb; Wax, 10®
17'^c; Tomatoes . from Los Angeles, 75c@$l 26
per" box or crate; Rhubarb. 9@10c per lb; Sum
mer Squash from Los Angeles, $1@1 60 per box;
Cabbage. . $1 10 per ctl; Carrots. 50c per sack;
Hothouse Cucumbers. 50O-75c per dozen for
small and $101 25 for large: Garlic. 5@«c per
lb; Egg Plant,: 20o per lb; Dried Peppers,
5SISc per lb for Stockton and lOf 124c for
southern: Dried Okra. 124c per lb: Green Pep
per* 15@20c per lb; Mushrooms. 15@25c per lb:
Marrowfat and Hubbard Squash. $10015 per
ton for round lota and %©%c per lb for
sacked.
Poultry and Game.
As usual on Monday there was very little do
mestic Poultry received and prices of all de
' scriptions were unchanged and largely nominal.
A car of Western was on 3ale and moved oft
rather slowly, as the Chinese dealers, who arc
generally the principal buyers on Monday, were
not in the market. Only one case of dressed
Turkeys came in.
Wild Ducks formed a large percentage of the
receipts' of Game and all descriptions were
Quoted lQwer, as yesterday was the last day of
the open sea.«on and dealers were anxious to
clean up. The quotations were obtained only
for the best offerings, no reasonable offer being
] refused for poor and thin birds. Geese, Snipe
and Rabbits were fairly steady at previous
prices.
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys, 18022c per lb;
live Turkeys 15®17c per lb; Geese, per pair,
$2@2 25; Goslings, $202 25; Ducks. $5 50©C
per dozen for old and $C<37 for young; Hens.
JO 50@7 for large and f5 GOigU for small: young
Roosters, J'J 5O@7 CO: old Rerastera. $5&5 50;
Fryers. $3 C0©0; Broilers. J4 B0@5 for large
and (404 60 for small: Pigeons, $1 25 per
dozen for old nnd $2 2502 50 for Squabs.
GAME — Mallard Ducks. $3 per dozen; Can
vasback, $3; Sprig. $1 50; Teal. $1; Widgeon,
$1; small Ducks. |1; Gray Geese, $3; White
Geese Ufal 25; Brant, $1 25 for small and
S2 50 for large; Honkers, Si 00 for large and
$.: 50 for small: English Snipe. $:$: common
Snipe. $1 50; Wild Doves. $1; Rabbits, 52 for
Cottontails and ?1 25 for Brush; Hare, ?1 25.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Butter opened the week dull and depressed,*
with large stocks on hand and & slow demand.
Some dealers were offering the pick of their
floors at 25o. There were sales, indeed, a,
couple «f cents over this figure, but such sales 1
represented small lots of special marks taken
by customers who must have those particular |
brands for their trade, practically regardless ,
of price. There are always some consumers j
who us« one particular brand of Butter, nnd
these always pay over the general market. But
the great bulk of buyers could get what they
wanted yesterday at 25(if2Ce.
There was nothing new in Cheese. The mar
ket continued dull.
Eggs, like Batter, were dull, with accumu
lating stocks nnd large receipts. There were ,
large shipments north on yesterday's steamer 1
and it was reported that the (.emand for that '
quurter still continues. This> is fortunate, for !
otherwise prices would probably be much lower .
than they are. :
Receipt* were. 38.300 lbs Butter, 1123 cases ;
Eges and 34.300 lbs Cheese. :
BUTTER — Creamery at first hands. 26c for |,
extras, 25c for firsts and 224<fI24c for sec- j
ends; dairy. 18*?22r; store Butter, nominal; i
cold storage, 2l«?22c for extras. lS§20c for [
second* and iflifMSc for ladle-packed. !
CHEESE— lOigllc for good to choice new [
and S«?9c for lower grades; young Americas.
lIW12c; Eastern. 15@lCc: Western. 14@15c per
pound.
EGGS — Ranch. 24Q25c; store. 23@24c per doz.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Prices of all descriptions stand as pre
viously quoted. The rain checked trade In
Citrus fruUs. both in the open market and In '
the auction rooms, where the offerings were
large. The demand for Oranges was confined ;
chiefly to the large sizes, of Navels, small and j
medium elzed fruit being neglected. At the !
auction sale nine cars of Navels were sold, asj
follows: Extra fancy, $1 2002; ordinary '
fancy. $1©1 50; choice. COciftJl 25; standard. I
4Qc$J$'l. Some fancy Grape Fruit was sold at
$1 3OS>1 55 and a few lots of Tangerines in
half Orange boxes sold from 5Oc@$l 05.
Prices of Apples were without quotable
Change. Stocks of fancy stock, while compar- :
atlvcly light, were ample for all needs, and 1
the 'cheaper grades were abundant.
APPLES — $1 75@2 per box for extra fancy; |
(1 25@1 50 for ordinary fancy. S5c@$l for ]
choice and 5»."S75c for common. j
PEARS — Winter Nellls from cold storage (re- :
packed). $2 .VV&3 per box.
CITRUS FRUITS — Navel Oranges. $1 25^2
per box for fancy. 75cfi$l 25 for choice and 5()c
(S$l for standards; Seedlings. 500*2$!: Tan
gerines, $1421 50 per box; Lemons. $1 75®2 50 for
fancy, $1 25igl 60 for choice and 75c@Jl for
standard: Grape Fruit, $1 5002 50: Mexican
Limes $5 r,0T2<j; Bananas. $1@2 per bunch for
Hawaiian and $'Ja" 50 for Central American; '
Pineapples. $1 50$i2 per dozen for Central 1
American and $3@5 for Hawaiian.
Dried Fruits,Nuts t Raisins,Honcy.
FRUIT— Apricots, 7^®0%c for Royals and 9 1
@llc for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples. 4© !
BVic; sun-dried. 3f?4c; Peaches, 5©U4c; Pears. |
6®10c; Nectarines. 4(g54c; Figs, white. li(4Vsc '
In boxes; black. 44c; Plums, pitted, 6®0c per ■
pound . _. -_-^- -»~ ,._.-:>_. .j
.PRUNES— 1903 crop. 24@2%c for the four ,
sizes.
RAISINS — The Association announces the |
following new prices for 190»: Standard grades.
CO-lb cases— 2-crown Loose Muscatels. 5Vic per
lb;.a-crown. 5%c: 4-crown, 04c; Seedlesa Loose
Muscatels, 4 He: Seedless floated. 44c; 2-crown
Malaga loose. 5c; 3-crown Malaga loose. 5%c;
Seedless Sultanas, unblefached, 44c: Seedless •
Thompsons, unbleached, 54c Layers, per 20- i
lb box — 6-crowu Imperial clusters. $3; 5-crown !
Dehesa clusters, $2 50; 4-crown fancy clusters. ■
$2; 3-crown ' London Layers, $1 35; 2-crown '
London. Layers. $1 25. usual advance for frac- ,
tional boxes and layer:. Seeded — Fancy lU-oz j
cartons, per lb, 7%c; fancy 12-oz cartons, per ■
package, 6%c: fancy bulk cartons, per lb, 74c; '
choice ltf-oz cartons, per lb. 74c; choice 12-oz j
cartons, per package. CV«c; choice bulk car- j
tons, per lb. 7 '4c: 16-oz cartons, seeded Seed- j
lings. Muscatels, per 'b, 7c; 12-oz cartons,
seeded Seedlings, Muscatels, per lb, 5%c; bulk,
seeded Seedlings. Muscatels, per lb ti%c. '
NUTS— Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. 134@14c;
No. 2. 114®12c; No. 1 hardshell. 13S1.14'c: !
No. 2, ll^rll^c: Alrronds, lie for Nonpareils, J
lOVic for I X L. 10%c for Ne Plus Ultra and ;
8%c for Languedoc: Peanuts, 6@~c for Eastern; 1
Pecans. llftl.'Sc; Cocoanuts. $4 &0@5; Chest
nuts, 5#7c per lb.
HONEY— Comb, 10@ll%c for white and S4@
04c for amber; water white extracted, 5#
5V«c; light amber extracted, 44@4%c; dark.
34®4c.
BEESWAX— 27®29c per lb.
Provisions.
r
Chicago was higher on the day, with offer
ings small and the demand mostly by commis
sion houses. Private reports to brokers here
paid that receipts of Hogs were again large,
although locally a little less than had been ex
pected. Exports of provisions for the week are
little less than last year. The war and the
strength In grains are still »ncouraglng the
strcng bullish sentiment and this continues to
add to Its holdings and to advance the price. |
Packers are contributing nothing to the ad- 1
vancc, but are as a rule satisfied to sell their j
product as they make It. j
This market continued quiet and unchanged. I
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 104c per lb for !
heavy, 114c for light medium. 13 Uc for light, 1
14c for extra light and 16c for sugar-cured; j
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 134c: California
Hams. 12V-®13c: Mess Beef. Sll 50 per bbl:
extra Mess. $12@12 60; Family, $13; prime
Mess Pork, $1«; extra clear, $24; Mess, $1S;
Dry Salted Pork, lie: Pig Pork. $27; Pigs'
Feet, $5 25: Smoked Beef, 15c per lb. '
LARD — Tierces quoted at 7c per lb for com
pound and 9V-c for pure; half-barrels, pure,
U%c; 10-lb tins, lOftc; R-ib tins. 10%c; 3-lb
tins, 104o. ,
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. 9i£c; three
half barrels, ftc; one tierce, 8%c; two tierces.
b%c; five tierces, 8%c per lb.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
The different markets under this head con
tinue unchanged and devoid of especial feature.
Tlfey are, all steady, with, holders exacting full
figures.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about %61c under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, 04c: medium, 84c; light. 8c; Cow
Hides. 8c for heavy and 8c for light; Stags, Cc;
Salted Kip 0c: Salted Veal. 10c: Salted Calf.
; 104c; dry Hides. 15@lGe; dry Kip. 13c; dry
Calf, 18c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 25@.'!0c each;
short Wool. 40®C5c each; medium. 70090c: long
Wool, $1@1 50: Horse Hide*, salt. $2 75 for
large and $2@2 50 for medium. $1 25@1 75 for
small and 00c for Colts. Horse Hides, dry,
$1 75 for large and $1 50 for medium, $1@1 23
for small and 50c for Colts. Buck Skins— Dry
Mexican. 31c; dry salted Mexican. 25c; dry
Central American. 31c. Goat Skins— Prime An
goras, 75c: large and smooth. 50c; medium. 35c;
•mail. 20c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4e per lb: No.
2. 3 Vic: grease. 2483c. : JJ'.'ijL
WOOL — Fall dip — San Joaquin Lambs", 0®
lie: Middle County. 11012c; Northern Defect
ive. OjJlOc; Nevada. 13015c; Oregon, fine, IS®
19c; Oregon medium. 17c per lb.
HOPS— 25@S0c per lb for California, 1903.
and 20c for crop of 1904.
Small Veal la slightly lower. Fall- Lamb
Is offering at the quotation. Otherwise there
is nothing new. .
DRESSED MEATS.
.Wholesale rates from slaughterers to 'dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— G407%c for Steers and 5%®04c per
lb fcr Cows.
VEAL— Large, 8®9c; email. 0®D4c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. J»4eiOc; Ewes. U$?94e
per lb. - .
LAMB — Fall, He; Spring, 15@lCc.
PORK— Dressed Hcgs, 7©84c per Ib.
• LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered In San Francisco, less 50
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— i-teers, 8®9c; Cows and Heifers.
70Sc: thin Cows. 400c per lb. ■
CALVES — 4<644c per lb (gross wel«ht).
SHEEP — Wether* 4%@5c; Ewes. 4%®44c
per lb (gross weight).
LAMBS— 5@54c per lb. . .
H0G3 — Live Hogs.. 140. to 180 lbs. 6U@3%c:
over 180 lbs. 5cj soft Hogs, 4 We;' Sows, 20 per
cent off; Boar*. 60 per cent off, and Stags. 40
per cent oft from above quotations.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Grain Bass. 5V4c spot and 5HS5%c
Juce-July; San Quentln. 5.55c; Wool Bags,
32333c: Fleece Twine, 7Vi'§3c.
COAL — Wellington. ?S per ton; New Wel
lington. ?S; Seattle. $0 50; Bryant. $6 50; Bea
ver Hill. SG; Standard, $7: Itoslyn. J7; Coos
Bay. $5 50: Greta. $7; Wallsend. $7; Rich
mond. |7 SO; Cumberland. $13 In bulk and
$14 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg.
$14; Welsh Anthracite Egg. $13; Welsh Lump.
$11 50; Cannel, $9 50 per ton: Coke. $11 500
13 per ton in bulk and $15 In sacks; Rocky
Mountain descriptions. $11 45 per 2000 lbs and
$12 SO per lone ton. according to brand.
OILS — Quotations are for barrels: for cases.
add 5c; Linseed, 49c per gallon for boiled and
47c for raw; Castor Oil, in cases. No. 1, 70c;
Bakers' AA. $1 10**1 12; Lucol. 44e for boiled
and 42c for raw; China Nut, 60®70c per gallon;
Cocoanut Oil In barrels. 5Sc for Ceylon and 53o
for Australian; extra bleached winter Sperm
Oil, SOe: natural winter Sperm Oil. 75c; extra
bleached winter Whnle Oil. «5c; natural Whal*
Oil, We; extra winter strained Lard Oil, S3c;
No. 1 Lard Oil 75c; pure Neatsfoot OH. 75c;
No. 1 Neatsfoot OH, 65c; light Herring Oil.
45c; dark Herring Oil. 43c; Salmon Oil, 3Sc;
boiled Fish Oil." 40c; raw Fi«h Oil. 3Sc; boiled
faint Oil. 35c; raw Paint Oil. 33c.
COAL OIL — Water White Coal Oil. In bulk.
15c; Pearl Oil. In cases, 2lUc; Astra:, 21 %c:
Star, 21%c: Extra Star. 25'ic; Elaine. 27%c;
Eocene, 24V>c; Deodorized Stove Gasoline. In
bulk. 16c: In cases, 22 %c; Benzine, in bulk.
13c; In cases. 10%c: 80-degree Gasoline, in
bulk, 23c; In cases. 31c.
TURPENTINF.-S.se per gallon In cases and
S2c In drums Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead, fly.ip
7c per Ib; White Lead. C%G7c, according to
quantity.
I SIjGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. m 100-lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 3.55c;
Powdered. 5.40c; Candy Granulated, 5.40c; Dry
Granulated, line. 5.30c; Dry Granulated, coarse.
5.30c; Fruit Granulated. 5.30c: Beet Granulated
(100-lb bags only). 5.10c: Confectioners' A.
«.3Cc; Magnolia A. 4.S>0c: Extra C. 4.Suo; Golden
C. 4.7Cc; "D." 4.COc; barrels, lfcr more; half
barrels. 23c more; boxes, 50c more; 5O-lb bags,
10c more fcr nil kinds. Tablets — Half barrels,
S.SOc; boxes. 6.05c; H & E. Crystal Dominos.
S.30c per lb. No orders taken for less than
seventy-five barrels or Its equivalent.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR MONDAY. FEBRUARY 15.
Flour qr *ks . . 4.002 Shorts, sks 300
Wheat ctls .... 1,310 Tallow, ctls ... 2»2
Barley ctls 6,010 Pelts. No 170
Corn, ctls '250 Hides No 3.1G
Rye. ctls 4C0i Quicksilver. flk« 62
Potatoes sks . . 3.475? Leather rolls . . 05
Beans, eks 8.4071 Win*. Kals .... 53.850
Onions, sks 325; Raisins, bxs ... 3,012
Bran sks Cl.">'Llme bbls 317
Middling*, sks.. 223 Brandy, gals ... 500
Hay. tons 233- Paper, reams ....1.003
Straw, tons .... 10'
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks .. 5.410 Potatoes, sks .. 8.043
Wheat, ctls 1. 070 J Onions, sks .... 9<W
Oats, ctls 7.230: Bran, sks 1,002
WASHINGTON.
Oats ctla 4.6&I
STOCK MARKET.
Mining Stocks Higher, Other Se
curities Unchanged.
Th« mining; stocks opened higher yesterday,
with Ophir selling up to $tt on reports of an
Improvement In the 20uO-foot level. Local
stocks and bonds and the oil stocks continued
qu'.ft and featureless.
The Scorpion Mining Company has levied an
assessment of 5c.
Ex-dlvldend yesterday: Port CoKta Water
Company, regular monthly, 30c per share,
amounting to $l!>0O; United Gas and Electric
Company, regular monthly, 13c per share,
amounting to .<:::; fj JtO; Presidio Street Railroad
Company, regular monthly. "0c per share,
amounting to fl^K.'O; Pacific Auxiliary Fire
Alarm Company, regular quarterly. 10c per
share, amounting to J2">00; the Debenture
Surrty Company of Pan Francisco, a monthly
dividend o-f 5c: Four Oil Company, regular
monthly. 1c per share, amounting to $.1000: the.
Dabncy Oil Company, a regular quarterly divi
dend of 3*4 p^r cent.
STOCK AXD BOND EXCHANGE.
I MONDAY. Feb. 15—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Rld.Ask.l Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup. .107 — Us rjr cp newl32K12-1
4s qr reg.. — — l3s qr coup. .10tJV*l07U
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A TV 5a. — — O T Co 6».m% —
Bay CPC 5s.lO2 — Do 5s 109 —
Cal C <3 r>3. — 104 Do con Za.Vn%MKty 3
Cal G & E g Oceanic S 5s. — 75
m & ct 39. — 101 On Cable fis. — 121
Cal-st C , r «s.ll4 — Par G Im 4s. 04 8S
C C Wat Ss. n«'il<W P E Ry Ss.lfr, 1C5&
EdL&P Os.123 131 P & C H fls.103 —
F & C H Cs. — 120 P & O R 6s.lir, —
Geary-st B».. 43^ 00 Powell-st Ks.ll2t4 —
H C&S 5V.iS.104 — Sac EO&R.1S. OS 100
Do Ss OS 100 SF & SJV5S.11S —
Hon R T Ca.im 107 Sierra R 6s.lll«S112H
L A Eire 5s. — 104'i S P of A 6s
L A Ry ."s.. — 114»aI (1900) 105*4 —
L & L Co fis — — (1010) 106»s —
~i~o gtd 6s. — — S P of C 6s
Do gtd r.s.io.i*;ir.%u, n»nn)Sr A.io^tj —
LAP lem r«s.lOOU102>4 (inor.)Sr B.104*i —
Mkt-at C Cs.llfiii — (100C) 106% —
Do lem fts.115 11« (1012) 118 —
MVA MtTSa. — 112 I SPC 1 eg 5s. — —
NRR of Ces.lOC^in7>i! Do stmpd.lCS-ii —
Do .Is — 119 S P B R «s.i:U —
N P C R 5s.lO5 — IS V W Gs.lO7U
N C Ry .Is.. — 114 Do 4s 2dm. 00U10014
N C P C 5s. — 100 Do 4s 3dm. 00% —
N S « R 5s. — 100*4 Stkn O*E fis — 1C0
O G L&H 5s.lO8 — U G & E 5s. — 106
O W gtd 5s. — 00
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa — 41 Port Costa.. — —
Marln Co... — 63 S V W Co. 3S& 38%
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. — 3% |S F G & E. 57 58
Mutual EL.— 11%'Stkn G & E 5 —
Pac L Co. . . 55 — iUOft ECo. — 30
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
E F G & E. — — I
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd — 3i5 |
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk. — 133 L P & A... — 170
Anglo-Cal .. 87}4 — Mer Trust... — 2.!O
Bank of Cal. — 440 Merch Ex... — C5
Cal Safe Dp. — 147V4 S F Nationl. — —
First Nationl — —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S & L. — iKJOO Rav & L So. — 100
Hum S & L. — — Sec Sav Bk. — 430 ,
Mutual Sav. 100 — Union T Co. — —
S F Sav U. — C50
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..107^203 I Presidio .... — 41
Geary — 80 I
POWDER.
Giant Cl — | Vigorlt 3^ —
SUGAR.
liana P Co. — " 40c Ktlauea S C. — 5
Hawaiian C. 44>i 45 Makawel! C. IS 20
Honokaa S C 11 12% Onomea S C 23 20
Hutch SPC ~Vi 8U Paauhau S C 10% t-
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A.13S 1V.0 Oceanic S C. 4% 4*i
Cal F C A. 00 01 V 3 Pac Aux FA. 5 6
Cal Wine A. — 04 Pac C BonclC7 —
MV& MtTm.lCO —
Morning Session.
Board—
23 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 44 50
40 Makaweli 10 CO
ICO Paauhau S P Co.. 10 50
S Spring Valley Water Co 33 23
$4,000 S P of C 0s (1003, Series A).. 104 23
Street—
• 15 Spring Valley Water Co 3S 23
f 10, CCO S P Cal 1st con 5s (stamped).. 108 75
Afternoon Session.
Board —
10 Spring Valley Water Co 33 23
£4. COO Oakland Transit Con us 102 00
$V,000 S P Cal 1st con 5s (stamped) .. 10S 75
Street —
81 First National Bank 349 To
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bld.Ask. Bia.Ask.
Bay CPC 6s. 03 10O Sun Tel Cs..ll2 114%
B L Wat 6s. — 120 Do 5* 102% —
SF Drydk.'u. — 11344 Suttr-stR 5*.1O5 113
SF & NP 3S.110-"}; — UR of SF 4a 79% 80
S P Co 4%s. OS 00
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S Co... — 23 Mils Nat Bk300 —
Cal Cot Mils — 03 Nev Nat Bk. — 210
Cal G&ECor 40 — N S R R... 11 —
C Jockey Cl. 00 120 N C P Co... 0 —
Cal Powder. 123 — Oak Bk Sav.112% —
Cal Ship Co. 15 — Oak T Con.. 65 — .
Cal T I t T. - 1C0 IOOF* Hall A 5% —
Cen Bk, Oak. 61 — Orpheum Co. — 16%
Chutes Co.. — 8 Pac S Tel... — 102
City & C Bk. — 112 Paraf Paint. 30 —
East Dynm..lS0 — S F Drydock CO —
FN Bk. Oak.120 — SF&SJ Coal. IS Z\
Fischer Thtr — 2*i S J Wat Co. — 1C6
Frnch-A Bk.100 103 SC&. M Tgbt — 1G3
Gas Con A. 10% 21 Swlss-A Bk.114 —
Hono P Co. 7% 12 Truck Elec. — 13
Lon& SF Bk — 58 UR InC pfd. 45% —
Mat Nav Co. — 00 Do com . . 10% —
Morning Session.
?2,0C0 United R R of S F 4 per cent. 79 75
i California Stock & Oil Exchange.
Oil Stocks^- Bid. Asked.
Apollo : 45 ■ ....
Associated Trust Cert....... 19 20
Aifec 80
California Standard 11
Caribou 175 2 00
Central Point Con 60 ....
Chicago Crude 18 ....
Claremont ........;; 5(> j ....
Esperanza ...............;.. 130 ....
AUCTION SALES
£a Sixth and Last Consignment £s»
AUCTION SALS OP
100 Mares and Geldings
Weighing from 1000 to 1200,
Consigned by the Churchill Co.'» J. F.. C B.,
and D. Ranches. Yreka. Slsklyoa Co.
. To Be Sold On
THURSDAY, February 18, 1904,
At 11 a. m., at
SALETARD. 1732 MARKET ST.
FRED H. CHASE A CO..
Livestock- Auctioneer*.
*v_~ Don't forget the big sale of & lot of
A**» good horses and mares': laundry, ex-
prefi. jrsocery and PEDDLIN'O WAGONS.
SURREYS, 9 seaters. BUGOIES. CARTS and
40 sets of »lngle and double HARNESS: 1 nn»
MILK COW. calf 2 days old. at 1140 FOL8OM
ST.. TUESDAY. Feb. 16. 11 a. m.
#> ' AUCTION SALE of 40 HORSES and
MARES. WEDNESDAY. F«b. 17. at 11
a. m. ARCADE HORSE MARKET. 327
SIXTH ST. Every horse must b* as repre-
sented or money refunded. JOHN J. DOYLE,
Auctioneer.
Four 70 ....
Fulton 4 00
Giant is ....
Hanford 143 CO
Home 1 174 1 25
Imperial 17 OO
IndepenUenca 13 IT
Junction ; 10 11
Kern 4 5O 4 70
Kern Rlrer 13 CO
Monarch of Arizona 3J> ....
Monte Crtsto 73 77^i
Occidental of W Va 17
Oil City Petroleum 30 S3
Peerless 13 50 ....
Pittsburg 22
San Joaquin O & D 2 CO «...
Senator '. 63 ....
Sovereign 44 ....
Sterling 25O 2KO
Superior 05 Crt
Thirty-three t«A 6 5O
Toltec IS 20)
Twenty-eight 4 20 4 30
Miscellaneous —
Abhy Land & Imp 1 30 1 «>
California Shipping Co .... 12 5rt ....
Central Bank of Oakland.. 61 no 70 CO
Cypress Lawn Imp Co 6 23 ....
Fischers Tteater 1 53 2 00
Gas Consumers' A«.«n 2O0O
Northern Ca! Power 9 23 10 0O
North Shore Railroad WW
Orpheum Company Irt Oft ....
Parafflne Paint 35 CO
Sanitary Reduction Works.. 175 2 25
SALES.
Morning Session.
IOO Associated V*
30O Monte Cristo 73
300 Sovereign ' : 44
ICO Illinois Crude 1 20
Afternoon Session.
1000 Apollo * 5
CO Home 1 2O
500 Sterling • 2 SO
100O Junction ■ 90 14
:,"(»i Junction •• 13
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
20O Andes "'I 1 KOO Mexican 2 6O
ICO Andes 52 10O Overman .... 29
IOO Belcher 3.., 730 Ophlr « 0<>
200 Belcher 3Bj SCO Potosl 19
lOOO Bullion 11 100O Scorpion 04
100 Caledonia ....1 OO 300 Sierra Ner... 71
3O(> Chollar 20 200 Sierra Nev... 72
2tiO Con C & Va..2 031 3<*> Sierra N#v... 73
2<W> Con Imperial. 03| ion Sierra N«v... 74
2CO Crown Point.. 21! 50O Union Con...l Oft
400 Gould & Cur. 50. 15O Union Con...l 00
100 Hale & Norc. 83 900 Utah 21
1C0 Justice 05); 200 Tel low Jacket 43
Afternoon Session.
500 Andes Ml 200 Mexican 2 40
2CO Andes 54 4<>O Mexican 2 50
40O Andes •"■■" 40O Mexican 2 33
COO Bullion 11 10O Ophir 3 73
200 Caledonia JW 20O Ophir 5 SO
400 Caledonia .... 03! 2CO Overman .... 2S
100 Challenge ... 24; 2CO Potosl ....... M
600 Chollar 21: 12T/> Savage 43
100 Con Cal & V.2 00 30O Savajro 4!>
2CO Con Cal & V.I 95 C00 Savage B0
100 Gould & Cur. 43 SCO Sierra N*T... in
14CO Gould & Cur. 5O| 2OO I'nlon Con...l OS
40O Mexican 2 451 300 Utah 2*
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE. »
Following were the sales on th« Paclfia
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Belcher 49 1 400 Ophir ....... .S 73
1(0 Delcher 50, 20O Ophir 5 S7*i
SOrt Belcher 64 IOO Ophir 9 CO
«!0O Belcher SI ; 50O Scorpion €3
10O Bullion 101 ICO Sierra Ne* .. 71
100 Chollar W, 5CO Sierra NeT .. 7.1
200 Con C & Va.t 03; ICO Sierra Ner .. 72
7C0 Con C & Va.2 0O 1 $00 Union Con ..1 C5
200 Gould & Cur. 4« 300 Union Con.l 07 Vj
100 Gould & Cur. 92 1 300 Union Con ..1 10
200 Juatice 00j 10O Union Con .. OS
900 Mexican 2 50: 20O Utah 25
IOO Mexican 2 43. BOO Utah 24
700 Mexican 2 53 200 Utaa 23
40O Ophir 5 62H 1
Afternoon Session.
BOO Alpha Con .. 0S| 2CO Ophlr 5 87%
100 Andes FOJ 600 Overman .... 2ft
10O Belcher 33. SCO Potosl IS
200 Challenge Con 23 2OO Seg Belcher.. «»
20O Challenge Con 25 20O Sierra Nev .. T2
ICO Con C & V.I 971% .100 Sierra Nev .. 71
200 Mexican 2 40 10O Union Con..l ©2*i
ICO Mexican 2 4S 1C0 Union Con ..1 05
100 Mexican 2 50!
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were, the sales on the. San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
4C0 Evelyn 26 100 Ton Belmont. «3
20W MacNamara . 19 1C0 Ton Belmont. 63
1CC0 MacNamara . 20^ 100 Ton* Belmont. «■»
1C0 Mont Ton ..140J 4W Ton Midway. 42
700 Rescue 071C0OTon N Star.. 34
300 Ton Belmont. 61
Afternoon Session.
I COO Brunswick .. C6I 700 Rescue 07
2C0 Evelyn 271 20O Ton Belmont. tt
loo MacNamara . IS 200 Ton Midway. 41
600 MacNamara . 17| 7C0 Ton N Star.. 33
3C0 Mont Ton...l 37 '♦j
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY. Feb. 13 — 4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. ; Bld.Ask.
Alpha 07 C9 Justice 07 CO
Aita CS OS Kentuck 03 04
Andes B7 C9 Kcyts Graes.. — 1 75
Belcher 34' Lady Wash.. — 07
Best & Belch.2 23 — ! Mexican 2 43 3 SO
RuMon 10 11 Occidental ... 9O 03
Caledonia ... 85 97 Ophlr 5 50 3 62H
Challenge Con 23 24 Overman .... 27 29
Chollar 21 22 Potosi ltt 17
Confidence ...1 03 1 13 Savage ...... 43 30
Con C & Va.l 00 1 03 Scorpion 03 05
Con Imperial. 02 i'S Seg Belcher.. OO 07
Con NY.... 04 05, Sierra Nev .. 12 7:5
Crown Point. 21 23! Silver Hill .. 88 70
East Sierra N — 03, St Louis .... — 15
Eureka Con.. — 6O : Syndicate ... 04 05
Exchequer .. 15 17, Union Con . .1 03 1 10
Gould & Cur. 50 62iUtah 23 23
Hale & Nora 82 90: Yellow Jacket 4t» 43
Julia A-- 03 C5.
TONOPAH MINES.
Bld.Ask. Bid. Ask.
Colehan — *? R»y & OBrUn — 10
Esperanza ... — 01 Rescue 0* 07
Gipsy Queen.. — 30 Ton Belmont. S3 60
Gold Anchor. 24 — Ton & Cal... — 22
Gold M Con. — 08 Ton Exten . . €3 7»
Hannapah ... — 15 Ton Fraction. — 43
Hannapah Mu — 23 Ton of Nev.. S OO 8 25
MacNamara . 15 13 Ton N 8tar.. 83 36
Mlzpah Exten OS — Ton Midway. 40 41
Mont Ton ..1 35 — Ton A S Lak« 13 —
N Y Ton .... — 04 Ton Superior. — 12
Paymaster ... — 11 United Ton .. — 12
Ray Exten .. — 18' West End ..20 —
Accountants Elect Officers.
The annual meeting of the Califor
nia Society of Certified Public Ac
countants was held last evening. The
reports showed that the society has
made very satisfactory progress dur
ing the last year. The folloylnK were
elected officers and directors for the
ensuing year: Alfred G. Platt. presi
dent: J. L. fields, vice president; Les
ter Herrick, secretary- treasurer; N.
McLaren. A. "Wenzelburger. W. G.
Langdon. J. B. Harries, J. J. Hassell
and J. F. F*»ster. directors. A ban
quet followed the meeting, at which
papers were read by J. L. Fields, C.
P. A.; J. J. Hassell, C. P. A., and
others on subjects pertaining to the
accountant's profession.
Kennedy Gets New Trial.
The Supreme Court yesterday af
firmed the '.lower court's order grant
ing a new trial to William B. Ken
nedy, who was convicted of complicity
in the murder of Policeman Robin
son on Valencia street about two year*
ago. The only direct evidence against
the defendant was the testimony of
an accomplice. The court says It la
doubtful if a new trial should not
have been granted by reason of the
insufficiency of the evidenct.
1516
WILL RECEIVE
CLAIMS IN FULL
Committee of Creditors of Bol
ton, de Ruytcr & Co. Makes
a Very Satisfactory Keport
ONE HALF BEADY IX CASH
Members of the Concern Stand
Ready to Personally Make Up
Any Deficiency Thai Occurs
The creditors of Bolton, de Ruyter
& Co. win receive 100 cents on the dol
lar of their claims against the firm if
the committee of creditors that was
appointed to Investigate and report is
rot mistaken. This announcement was
made at a meeting ot the creditors yes
terday afternoon and it was well re
ceived. J. H. Jellett. the chairman of
the creditors' committee, read the re
port, which was sigrned by himself and
S. Goldzieher and TO. B. Fisher, his
associates on the committee.
Before the meeting was adjourned it
was voted by the creditors in attend
ance that they would accept the report
and also the terms of the firm, which
were that 50 per tent of. the total in
debtedness should be paid in cash at
the counter immediately: that 25 per
cent should be paid in thirty days, and
the remaining: 25 per cent in six months
or earlier, to carry no interest.
"Our firm conviction is," so reported
the creditors' committee, "that the
creditors will receive 100 cents on the
dollar if the matter is settled out of
court, and we therefore strongly rec
ommend the settlement." tfhere was
little question among the creditors
present, who numbered a score or more.
They accepted the immediate payment
of 50 per cent as an evidence of good
faith and of assurance that the re
maining 50 per cent would be paid as
predicted by the committee.
WILL AVOID COURTS.
While the members of the firm, who
were present at the meeting of the
creditors, made no remarks, Thomas
C. Van Sasa, their' attorney, spoke
briefly and took the same view con
cerning-the final settlement as did the
creditors' committee. After a few
questions had been asked the report
was adopted and the creditors voted
to go on as the committee had recom
mended and not carry the matter into
the courts for settlement.
The creditors' cc-mmittee, Roing Into
details, reported that the assets
amounted to $109,351 53. which cere in
the following items: Cash, $30,358 59;
outstanding: accounts and bills receiv
able, $73,91)2 99; office fixtures, $500;
membership in Chicago Board of Trade,
$3j00; two memberships in Merchj>->tj» f
Exchange, $1000. The liabilities
amounted to $83,273 37, so that there
was an apparent surplus of $26,073 21.
The committee reported that the firm
had no desire to compromise with its
creditors, but would pay the entire in
debtedness in three payments, one of
50 per cent and two of 25 per cent each,
and, to assure the carrying out of the
agreement, would realize on the as
sets and the individual members of the
firm would without delay take steps
to convert their individual holdings into
cash in order to meet any deficiency
th2t might arise.
• BIG PROMISSORY NOTE.
In the outstanding accounts, so the
creditors' committee also reported,
there was a promissory note falling
due in eleven months, upon which there
was a balance owing of $30,713 75. ».he
same being secured by a second mort
gage on a ranch in Colusa County, con
sisting of about C600 acres and assessed
for $63,100, including improvements; but
this was not immediately available or
convertible into cash.
The first mortgage was for about
$27,500. A portion of the unsecured out
standings would be slow of collection
and some would possibly prove of
no value. The creditors, in the opinion
of the committee, need have no uneasi
ness, for the reason that the individual
members of the firm had interests in
real and personal property aside from
the partnership assets, which should
make up any firm deficiency, should a
deficiency exist.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The World's Greatest
Skin Humour.
Affects Every Age and
Condition.
The Only Sure Cure is
Cuticura.
If there were not another external
tkln disease known, eczema would be a
inSclent infliction oa mankind. It per>
rades all classes, and descends lxnpar-
3&H7 through generations. While some
are constantly enveloped In It, others
hare it confined to small patches in the
cars, on the scalp, on the breast, on the
palms of the hands, on the limbs, etc.,
bat every where Its distinctive feature Is
a small watery blister, which discharges
an acrid fluid, causing heat, inflamma-
tion, and intense itching, scaling and
crasting. ;
The Caticnra treatment is at oace
agreeable, speedy, economical and com-
prehensive. Bathe the affected parts
freely with hot water and Caticura
Soap, to cleanse the surface of crusts
snd scales, and sofLen the thickened
cuticle. Dry, without hard rubbing,
and apply Cuticura Ointment to allay
itching, irritation &cd inflammation,
and 6oothe and heal, and, ltstly. take
Cuticura Resolvent, or Pillj» t to cool and
cleanse the blood. This treatment af-
fords Instant relief, permits rest and
eieep in the severest forms of eczema
nnd other itching, burning and scaly
humours, end points to a speedy, per-
manent aod economical cure of tor-
taring, disflpirlng hamours, eczemas,
rashes and inflammations, from Infancy
to age. when all other remedies and the
best physicians fail.
Stid throwtboisl tb« »orld. Csttcam TtooWmi. gne.
f:c fora of ChoeoUN Ceatrd P!'l». Stte. par Tit] of >t)\,
Oiatsacit. Ac 6o*p . ttc. !>;«•«• > Ixnidon. 27 Ch.rter-
hvam ftq.t Fan*, t lint 4*L l'i:i: Cotton. lKTColaafcw
A'*- TaXltt Invw * Chm Co'p . ► >-e I ropr.«tur».
Wlnil hfHwUCut famt"
LABROUSSE AT LAST FACES
A JURY ON MURDER CHARGE
Accused of Shooting and Killing Miss Marie; Jordan Because She
Rejected His Suit — One of the Talesmen Frankly Says the
Defendant Should Be Hanged and Is Challenged for Cause
EDMOND DE LABROUSSE. SLAYER OF PRETTY MARIE JORDAN, AS HE SAT IN TEARFUL SILENCE IN
JUDGE DUNNE'S COURT WHILE THE JURY THAT IS TO TRY. HIM. FOR THE MURDER OF HIS
FORMER SWEETHEART WAS BEING IMPANELED.
The task of impaneling a jury to
try the case of Edmond de Labrousse,
charged with the murder of Miss Marie
Jordan in front of her mother's resi
dence at 1459 Sacramento street on
September 29, was completed in Judge
Dunne's court yesterday morning. The
jurors are M. Ahem, M. J. Balfe, M. T.
Bray, John M. Loane, J. Stamper, F.
W. Swan, C. P. Wright, Franklin
White, John McDonnell, A. N. Grant,
S. Jacobs and D. Black.
When Walter N. Brunt, one of the
talesmen, was being examined, he was
asked if he had expressed any opinion
on the case and he frankly replied that
he had read in the papers about the
murder and was satisfied in his own
mind that the defendant should be
hanged. He was led to suppose that
a plea of temporary insanity would be
trumped up.
Attorney Alford for the defendant
objected to Brunt making a harangue
and the Judge said he did not want
to hear any speeches from any one,
either inside or outside the jury box.
Brunt was challenged by the defense
for cause and the challenge was al
lowed.
STORY OF THE KILLING.
District Attorney Byington, in mak
ing his opening statement to the Jury,
recited the facts that led up to the
ATTORNEY WILLIAM COBB
IS NO LONGER A BENEDICT
Judge Hcbbard Grants Prayer of His
Wife for Divorce on Ground
of Desertion.
Frances A- Cobb was granted a di
vorce from William A. Cobb, the at
torney, yesterday by Judge Hebbard.
The decree was granted on the ground
of desertion. The corroborative evi
dence In the case was furnished by
Cobb's father. Mrs. Cobb was allowed
$100 a month alimony.
Decrees of divorce were also grant
ed to W. T. C. Davis Jr. from Grace
Davis for infidelity, Elenore V. A. Her
zog from Henry F. Herzog for intem
perance, Freda Schuler from Her
mann Schuler for cruelty and Paul
Zanone from Annie I. Zanone for
cruelty. : . ~, .
Suits for divorce were filed by
Bridget Cooney against Owen Cooney
for cruelty, J. H. Mason against Cor
nelia Mason for desertion, Emma C.
McHugh against Samuel McHugh for
cruelty. E. M. Skinner against Mary
Skinner for desertion and Leonora M.
Achilles against Thomas F. Achilles
for cruelty.
. G. A. Ogden, who on Saturday last
was adjudged guilty of contempt of
court for refusing to pay to hi3 former
wife. H. L. Ogden, the alimony or
dered by. the court, was released from
custody yesterday. He came into
court and deposited the money he
owed, $45.
Wilkins Company Sues Lackmann.
The J. M. Wilklns Company, which
is now conducting the 'Cliff House,
yesterday nled a suit for $10,000 dam
ages against former Sheriff John
Lackmann. The plaintiff alleges that
it was damaged because Lackmann, in
levying a writ of attachment Rgainst
J. M. Wilkins, arbitrarily took pos
session of the property of the com
pany.
fHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL'. TUESDAY,. FEBRUARY 16, 190*.
murder. He said that the defendant
had been paying his addresses to th-2
murdered girl and had been asked to
cease his attentions, owing to an ob
jection as to his habits. On September
29 the defendant met Miss Jordan near
her home. She had left the store where
she was employed to go home to her
lunch. The defendant was seen walk
ing beside her and talking earnestly to
her. When they reached the gate lead
ing into the garden in front of Mrs.
Jordan's residence the J defendant
opened the gate and when Miss Jor
dan followed he took hold of her shoul
der and turning her round till she faced
him, flred three bullets in rapid suc
cession into her body. He fired another
shot at her as she lay on the ground.
Then he tried to shoot himself in the
head, but the cartridge failed to ex
plode. He loofced Into the muzzle of the
revolver, fired a shot into the ground
and then shot himself in the head.
WOMAN SEES TRAGEDY.
The witnesses examined yesterday
were Corporal George W. Russell of the
Police Department, who showed a dia
gram of the scene of the shooting and
explained its points, and Mrs. Pearl
Dobbyns, who is leaving for the East
this morning.
Mrs. Dobbyns lived at 1458 Sacra
mento street, ..immediately opposite the
Jordan residence, and she testified that
on the day of the murder she heard
GOPCEVIC. THE CARMAN,
IS NOW A MAN OF MEANS
Will of His Wife, an Heiress, De
vises to Hlm^the Bulk of Her
Large Estate. .
M. M. Gopcevic, the Sacramento
street carman, who, after a romantic
courtship, won the heart and. hand of
Harry A. L. Floyd, , the young . and
handsome heiress, builded better than
he knew when he gave his name to
the young lady. Her will was filed
for probate yesterday arid under It
Gopcevic, who is supposed to be the
scion of a noble Servian family, In
herits the bulk of her estate, which
Is supposed to be worth several hun
dred thousand dollars. The only other
person who receives a bequest of any
size from the estate of Mrs. Gopcevic
is Miss Ellsa Pritchard, her life-long
friend. She is left the sum of $10,000.
The will was made nineteen days
before the death of Mrs. Gopcevic and
names Peter Gopcevic, her brother-in
law, and Henry Matthews, an old
friend of the deceased, as executors,
to serve without bonds. Evidently for
the purpose of warding off a contest,
Mrs. Gopcevic makes provision for all
of her relatives. ' To Mary F. McAdoo,
an aunt, of Knoxville, Tenn., she
leaves $1000; to W. G. McAdoo, a
pistol from her collection of arms, and
to Rosalie Humes, an aunt, of Louis
ville, Ky., $500; to Cora F. Matthews
of Berkeley and Lucky L. Matthews
and Ida S. Matthews of Louisville;
Ky.", cousins, she leaves $5'6ach. She
leaves a similar amount to each, of the
children of Mrs. Isabella Matthews,' a
deceased aunt.
Exposition Special.
Ono of our $6.00 Trunks will be Just
the thing. to take with you to the Expo
sition at St. Louis. Regular price of this
Trunk is J9.5O. A. B. Smith Co.. 132
three shots fired in rapid succession
and then . another, followed by a wo
man's scream. She looked out of her
window and saw the defendant looking
into the muzzle of a revolver and then
saw him put the muzzle to his head
and fire a shot. She ran outside and
saw Miss Jordan lying on the ground,
breathing her last, and the defendant
was lying near her.
The court was then adjourned until
this morning out of respect to the mem
ory of the late W. W. Foote. The de
fendant sat as usual with his face cov
ered with a handkerchief and wiprng
the tears occasionally from. his eyes.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
To be a successful ■ wife, to I
retain the love and admiration
of her husband should be a
woman's constant study. If
she would be all that she may,
she must guard well against the
signs of ill health. Mrs. Brown
tells her story for the benefit of
all wives and mothers.
11 Dear Mrs. Pinkham : — Lydia E.
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound
will make every mother well, strong,
healthy and happy. I dragged through
nine years of miserable existence, worn
out with pain and weariness. I then
noticed a statement of a woman
troubled as I was; and the wonderful
results she had had from your Vege-
table Compound, and decided to try
what it would do for me, and used it for
three months. At the end of that
time, I was a different woman, the
neighbors remarked it, and my hus-
band fell in love with me all over
again. It seemed like a newexistenee.
I had been suffering 1 with inflamma-
tion and falling of the womb, but your
medicine cured that; and' built up my
entire : system, till I was indeed like a
new woman. — Sincerely yours, Mrs.
Chas. F. Brown, 21 Cedar Terrace, Hot
Springs, Ark., Vice President Mothers
Clab. —$6000 forfeit If original of ab»u§ tttUt
proving genuineness cannot fc« proMuctt
AWAIT ARRIVAL
OF EVANGELIST
Dr. Campbell Jlorgan, Who
Works in Path of Dwight L.
Moody, to Visit San Francisco
GREAT RALLY v IN VIEW
Dr. Egerton R. Young, the
Noted Canadian Author, Tells
of Life of Dominion's Indians
Many, ministers of the evangelical
churches of the city met at their re
spective Monday association gatherings
yesterday and a great deal of execu
tive and general business wag trans
acted.
One of the important meetings was
that which formulated -plans for the
visit of Dr. G. Campbell Morgan, who
came from England some time ago to
take up the work at Northfield, Mass.,
which was instituted by the late
Dwight Li. Moody.
Dr. Morgan is to be in the city from
March 12 to 18, and in all probability
the First Congregational Church* Ma
son and fost streets, will be selected
for his work while here. Dr. Morgan
will deliver addresses each evening of
his stay in San Francisco and the aft
ernoons will be devoted to evangelical
work in Oakland. All the Protestant
evangelical bodies in San Francisco
will unite in the meetings.
At the Congregational ministers'
meeting at the Y. M. C. A. building
held yesterday the Rev. "William Rader,
president, was in the chair.
W. A. Gates, secretary of the State
Board of Charities, spoke of the pau
perism, crime and insanity everywhere
present and of the necessity of- some
State supervision for the relief and re
moval of the same.
Mr. Gates said that up to aVear ago
there was no such supervision in the
State of California. At that time a
State board was appointed by the Gov
ernor to investigate and report from
time to time on conditions.
WOULD FAVOR INDIANS.*:
The Presbyterian Ministers' Associa
tion assembled yesterday morning at
the Presbyterian Mission Home, Sac
ramento street, when Charles A. Kel
sey, the Rev. Levi Gregory and the
Rev. "W. T. Patchell laid the cause of
the landless Indians in Northern Cali
fornia before the association.
The visitors urged the circulation of
petitions designed to secure favorable
legislatiorfin Congress in behalf of the
Indians. 1
'The object was heartily indorsed by
the members of the union. j
A paper was read by the Rev. Rich- j
mond Logan entitled "Great Men of j
the Church," the author taking John
Knox as an illustration of the strong
men of the Presbyterian body.
Dr. Egerton R. Young, the noted au
thor of Toronto, addressed the Metho
dist ministers' meeting at Epworth Hall j
yesterday morning, his subject being >
"Reminiscences of My Life Among the
Indians of the Hudson Bay Territories,
North of Manitoba."
Dr. Young told his hearers that the
Canadian Government had never had i
a war with its Indians, as the Indian j
question is kept completely out of pol- j
ltics and most stringent regulations are '
enforced against the introduction of j
intoxicating liquors among them. He
also stated that practically all the
Canadian Indians are christianized and
civilized, with, perhaps, the exception
of the Blackfoot and one or two other
tribes.
PICTURES OF "PASSION PLAY."
Rev. W. S. Kelly of the Centella
Methodist Episcopal Church, San Jose,
gave the ministers an address on "The
Life of Christ," illustrated with stere
opticon views from the paintings of
the masters. Rev. Mr. Kelly also
showed moving pictures of the "Passion
Play" of Oberammergau.
The Epworth League Alliance will
hold a rally at Central M. E. Church j
Thursday evening. All the leagues of I
the city will be represented. An ad- I
dress will be delivered on "President
Lincoln" by Rev. E. D. Raley and re
freshments will be served by the league.
An executive committee of the San [
Francisco Missionary Convention was |
held yesterday afternoon, Dr. G. B.
Smyth in the chair. »
Dr. Smyth announced that Bishop
Fowler had signified his intention of
attending the convention and giving
a lecture during the week.
Bishop Thoburn of India and his col
league, Bishop Warne, cabled Dr.
Smyth that they will be present and
speak at the convention, which begins
April 28 in the Alhambra Theater.
ESTABLISHES A BUREAU.
The literature department of the
Woman's Home Missionary Union of
Northern California, of which Mrs. E.
J. Singer is secretary, will maintain a
bureau of information at the Congre
gational headquarters in the Y. M. C.
A. building.
An executive committee meeting of
the "Woman's Occidental Board was
held at 920 Sacramento street yester
day, ' Mrs. Cyrus "Wright in the chair.
The matter of the purchase of the lot
adjoining the board's mission home was
brought up and it was announced that
more than $1000 had been voluntarily
subscribed for the purpose. The sum
needed is $3700, which the board hopes
may be speedily raised.
A Pentecostal convention win open
in the Howard Street M. E. Church to
night at 7:30 o'clock. Rev. Joseph II.
Smith of Philadelphia and Rev.- L. H.
Baker of Ohio will be the speakers.
There will be public services each day
at 2:30 and 7:30 p. m., conducted by
Rev. A. C. Bane, the pastor.
The Ministers' Association of the
Christian church held a meeting yes
terday afternoon, when Dr. "Walter M.
"White presided. Rev. Frank S. ' Ford
read a paper entitled "Fellowship."
The board of the Northern California
Baptist Convention was held yesterday
afternoon in the lecture room of the
Y. M. C. A., Rev. T. S. Young of San
Jose in the chair. The board confirmed
the appointment of Rev. Henry A. Flsk
as superintendent of city missions of
San Francisco. . ■ ■—
Charged With Pailure to Provide.
Timothy Horgan, a horseshoer, was
arrested yesterday" afternoon by . Of
ficer Young at the instance of the So
ciety for the Prevention of Cruelty
to Children on a charge of failure to
provide for a minor 'child. It is al
leged that while Horgan is able to
earn good wages he has been dissipat
ing too freely. As a result his wife
and child Jtave become public charges.
Warehouse Transferred.
Haslett &"Co. have transferred the
Oriental warehouse, on . the corner of
First and Brannan - streets, to the
Southern Pacific Company, which com
pany purposes to enlarra it to three
times its present size. ' '
Decides Not to Die.
George Bojos, a baker,, residing at
535 Stevenson, street," took a dose of
poison ; yesterday and after swallowing
the drug hurried to the Emergency
Hospital for treatment. He will re
cover. — .-• -._!:.-_._
"~p^; ADVEBTISEMENTS:
i n t i m p
l ll * iL- i . in
Saves nine. That's true especially about
clothing. Brown's clothes are made
so you'll have no trouble with them
afterwards. Seams and buttons
sewed tight; trousers keep
their shape; coat hangs
well — all the stitches
are put in Brown's
clothes before
This label on every garment-
° 51^518 MARKET ST w <5&i«y
WOULD RETURN
SPECIAL TAXES
Supervisors Adopt Kesolution
Pledging Eemission of Coin
Paid for Schools and Hospitals
. The Board of Supervisors yesterday
adopted a resolution declaring Its in
tention of returning to the taxpayers
of San Francisco the various amounts
heretofore paid by them under the
special tax levy for new schoolhouses
and a hospital if legally possible so
to do.
The resolution also directs the City
Attorney to take no further proceed
ings in the prosecution of the appeal
in the case of Whitney vs. the city,
wherein the special tax was declared
illegal, and authorizes him to dismiss
the appeal.
The Board of Works was requested
to investigate and report the adequacy
of the chimney of the building occu
pied by the Sanitary Reduction Works
to carry off the fumes and smoke
without injury to neighboring prop
erty.
The Board of Works was requested
to report whether the exit lamps In
theaters and other places of>«muse
ment should not be lighted only by
"incombustible oil" and the ordinance
permitting such lighting be an inde
pendent circuit of electricity be
amended so as to exact the use of such
oil exclusively for that purpose.
The sum of $1000 was appropriated
out of the urgent necessity fund to
continue the work of experting the
books of the various municipal de
partments.
The City Attorney was requested for
an opinion as to whether under the
charter the Board of Supervisors or
Fire • Commission has the power to
contract for supplies used by the Fire
Department.
' The claim of Mrs. Sarah Henney
for $3000 for the death of her daugh
ter was rejected for want of authority.
The appeal of property-owners from
the assessment issued to W. C. Ralsch
for the expense of constructing a
sewer in Hodges alley was referred to
the Street Committee.
HOUSES AND LOTS SELL
READILY UXDBR HAMMER
Results of. Auction of City Property
That Is Conducted by G. II. «
Umbsen & Co.
G. H. Umbsen & Co. sold realty at
auction yesterday. No. 770 O'Farrell
street, a two-story and basement
dwelling and lot 23x137:6 on the south
line of the street, between Hyde and
Larkin streets, sold for $12,600, sub
ject to the approval of the court.
No. 839 Castro street, a house of
seven rooms and bath and lot 21:4x
80 feet, brought $2400. Lot 25x137:6
on the east line of Oak street, between
Broderick and Baker, was sold for
$2500. Two building lots on the north
line of Twenty-seventh Street, between
Church and Sanchez, were sold for
$820 for the two.
The northwest corner of Sanchez
and Duncan streets, unimproved, 8 Ox
114, brought $1900. Lots in the South
San Francisco Homestead and Rail
road Association went for various
prices ranging from $350 for two lots
to $680 for two.
Murlne Eye Remedy. A home cure for
Eye troubles. Never fails to win friends.
Used for infant and adult. Murlne
doesn't smart. Druggists and opticians.*
Storm Goes Southward.
Forecaster McAdie of the weather
bureau said last night that the whole
of California should get a good
drenching to-day. The storm was
quite severe and of considerable ex
tent. The rainfall in San Francisco
yesterday was .15 of an inch. The
seasonal rainfall is 10.87 Inches, which
Is about two-thirds of the average
amount at this time of year. Snow
fell generally In the mountain dis
tricts. The velocity of the wind was
62 miles an hour at Point Reyes, 48
at the Farallpnes, 24 in this city, 50
on. Mount Tamalpais and 32 in Red
Bluff. More rain Is predicted for this
city to-day.
If your breathing is difficult, or your lungs
•ore, rely on Plso's Cure for relief s •
Miynsawa Dies.
T. Miyagawa, a 17-year-old Japan
ese servant, died at the Park Emer
gency Hospital yesterday morning
from the effects of carbon monoxide
poisoning. On Sunday morning he was
found in his room at Dr. S. C. Mish's
residence, 1153 Oak street, uncon
scious, with the gas escaping from an
open burner. It was evidently a case
of suicide.
Barkentine Libeled.
Peter Thompson filed a libel yester
day against the American barkentine
Northwest to recover $1676 on as
signed claims ! for sailors' wages, sup
plies and tug transportation. ■ —
CELEBRATE EIGHTY-FOURTH
BIRTHDAY OF THEIR IjEADEB
Members of Woman's Club 3feet to
Observo Anniversary of Tixctt
Venerable Founder.
The ladles of the Susan B. Anthony
Club held a meeting in Golden Gate
Hall yesterday afternoon In celebra
tion of the eighty-fourth birthday of
their founder, Susan B. Anthony.
The meeting was presided over by
Mrs. Isabel A. Baldwin, president of
the club, who, assisted by the com
mittee of ladies on arrangements, had
arranged a very delightful programme
for the occasion.
Quotations from Miss Anthony on
several Important subjects were read
by Mrs. Sloss Mrs. Newmann and
Mrs. Harnd-n. Personal reminis
cences were read by Mrs. Hobe. Mrs.
Austin Sperry, Mrs. Lemman. Mrs.
Sanborn and Mrs. Olton.
Mrs. Orr gave an interesting ad
dress on the "Status of Women of the
Present Day." and music was rendered
by the Brodea quartet.
At the conclusion of the meeting
Mrs. Baldwin was the recipient of
many congratulations from the mem
bers for the delightful manner In
■which the programme was carried
out-
ADAMS* Irish Moss Cough Baliara. th» ta,! •.
sure, guaranteed cure. 23c. 60c. Druggist*. *
Leaies Estate to Widow and Children.
The will of Dennis Hayes of 1224
Buchanan street, who died several
days ago, was filed for probate yes
terday. It disposes of an estate worth
considerably more than $10,000. The
devisees are Anna Hayes, widow of
the deceased, and his three children.
See the gorgeous "King of Rags" at
Benguia.t'3 Rujf Sale. To-day is Exhibi
tion Day. Palace Hotel (Marble and Ma
ple rooms). j •
Wants Judgment Set Aside.
A. "White Brown, against whom a
judgment was recently obtained in th«
Justice's Court by I*. Laz Lansburgh,
filed a suit yesterday to have the Judg
ment set aside on the ground that ha
was not given a chance to defend tn«
suit. He claims that William Tomsky,
the attorney who appeared for h<m t
acted without his authority.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
DxscBXBsnrATixa kabxes
Enjoy TJsinir Herpicide on Aecouat of Xta
Sistlnctireaess.
The ladies who have used Newbro*s
Herpicide speak of it in the highest
terms, for its quick effect in cleansing
the scalp of dandruff and also for Its ex-
cellence as a general- hair dressing. It
makes the scalp feel fresh and it allays
that itching which dandruff will caus*
Newbro'* Herpicide • effectively cures
dandruff, as it destroys the- germ that
causes It. The same Renn causes hair to
fall out, and later baldness; in killing It.
Herpieide stops falling hair and prevents
baldness. It is also an ideal hair dress-
ing, for it lends an aristocratic charm to
the hair that is quite distinctive. Sold
by leading druggists. Send 10c in stamp*
for sample to The Herpicide Co., Detroit.
Mich,
I Premium A 1 1 coffees
i Free spices
I with Each *»£ ****
$ w< >rth Powder
fj tk^f They are Beauties WH
Sj^^^ A thousand kinds /6
H Iff to Select f 1 " 001 ' *^H
I IS It Pays to f
I] |L Trade at J
I Great American Importing Tea Co's
I C- Stores
Q 861 Market COGnuatvr. 1419 Folk
H M0 Sixth 1S19 Dwtsadero 705 Tjn»w n
H475Ha!sht £006 Sixteenth 855 Hayes
HS285M!arioa £21 Montjr'y »t«. 52 Market
H200S FUlmor* 2516 Mission 148 Ninth
B 368 Third 2732 UJb 439 fourth
f"Seed~TaIkl
0 Complete and reliable informs- H
A tion and advice on seeds planting §}
tj etc., in our new, amply and bcauti- g
| fully illustrated annual catalogue, i]
y Mailed free en request. pj
H ALL SEEDS FOR FARM AND 1}
M GARDEN -I
a Fruit Trees and Ornamental PUsts. w
I COX SEED CO. I
M «I I. 413. 4IS Ssnsitme Str«#t. ii
.. IAN FRANCISCO "B